Sunday Call
G. A. R. Edition"Phew! and what a terrific. hall of shot
it was. "How did 'any^'ofusj ever get* back
through that tangle of timber alive? But
It was on that second '- charge . that they
got you, wasn't It, .John?" *
Sherwood; I thought we had them
sure * on that 'bayonet charge until the
fort began to shell' us."
The colonel had straightened himself
up and was following his companion's
words* with "braln ; keenlv alert .
hand to hand fighting. My God. John, do
you remember what an awful fight that
was?". '": .-,"¦¦_•
"No." And the colonel averted his head
and looked with unseeing eyes over: land
and sea that seemed suddenly clouded 'In
a dull haze. For ; a minute both were
silent, and. then Sherwood asked with en
forced cheerfulness:
"Tell me.^John. what became of that
saucy little rebei-Flbrence— Florence-*h,
yes— Florence Grady— who wouldn't speak
to m» except to order me about Ah,
what a fascination was hers. Ye gods
and what beauty. Do you remember bow
her eyes could plead, John, when she
wanted any thing?"
"And you never married,; Job n?'*
jv » nut uieuiury, onerwooo, me COI»
one! answered In subdued tones. "That
was all too terribie ever to 'be anything
but a vivid reality."
"But we've all scattered a bit since then
and the ranks are thinning out pretty
fast now, John!"
"Yes, Sherwood, pretty fast.". . » •
"Y«c. I did. John. I hoped you'd make
the discovery, too. And you have, j My
brother George nnd I came under the
spell separately, years ago when we first
came to California and we take the first
<Say of the annual G. A. R. encampment
as our one holiday and visit this spot
every year no matter what hapDene, and
we slip Into the grass just as'you and I
did. We take this one holiday and we
take. It together, and we see Port Hud
eon out of the same eyes. I've tried it
on others who knew Port Hudson well,
but who did not fight there, and they
never mentioned a resemblance. Isn't It
strange what memory will do?"
"What kids we wtre then— and my God!
what a fight It was! Yes. Sherwood: you
have a duplicate of every corner of the
world here. You must have kept this
for the laBt bite as we children used to
Say." '" l;:S . ¦ '
At this instant the two men straight
ened up and silently clasped. hands. As
they faced one another, there was more
than a suspicion of moisture In the.col
onel's brown eyes, as he said:
"And there are the rtbes farther down
the s'op»\ lying low in the grass line after
line clear to the precipice. Our identical
pcsIUon, Sherwood." lie went on more
naturally, relaxing the tension a little,
"on that 14th day of June. 1863, when we
were driven back and when I, wounded
and unab'e to go farther, fell among the
trees, where you and little Flor— where
you found me."
"Yes, certainly this Is no dream. This
is Port Hudson. And there in that grand
curve is the Mississippi."
He paused for a moment in an atti
tude at once tense and eager, his hands
tightly c'ayping an Imaginary gun, and
then continued warningly:
At last it was Colonel Graham who spoke
as if he were merely continuing the con
versation:
There was such an odd note in his voice
that the Colonel looked at him curiously,
and then he, too, lapsed Into silence for
the rest of the drive. Near the fort the
two gentlemen left the carriage) and
climbed the hills until they found them
selves on the highest point. that overlooks
the Golden Gate. There they sat down
among the wild flowers as if they were
two boys, and looked over the waters to
the right and to the left— at the peaceful
vessels In the bay and the great steamers
that approached the harbor from either
side.
/it* might have been an hour before
cither spoke again. The mystic spell
that had so often enthralled Sherwood
Fuller took hoM of Colonel Graham now
In even an added degree, and soon, as If
by some subtle Influence that controlled
both alike, they slipped forward from
their sitting posture and stretched full
length, face" downward, upon the grass.
"No, John, there isn't; not here at the
barracks. But I believe I can show you
seme things farther on that will remind
you of the past. At least, they do me.
And it's all so 6trange that I wonder if
It will make you feel the same way.
Driver, go on quickly to Fort Point, will
you?"
Sherwood was silent— almost Impressive
ly silent— for several moments. Then he
answered slowly:
praises. Just look at those flowers. Did
you ever see anything like them?" And
Colonel John Graham kept bobbing about
In the carriage as they went rolling
through the Presidio, with the impatient
enthusiasm of a child who finds his fin-t
g'impse of fairyland too much for one
pair of eyes.
FJierwood Fuller only smi!ed blandly,
swelled out his chest, drew in a long
bieath with something much akin to a
proprietary air and settled himself more
comfortably against the cushions.
"Oh. of course, you see this port of
thing all the time. You're used to it."
the Colonel went on, half enviously, "but
positively, I never saw anything like It
except in a dream. And that ocean
trecz*: My. but It's good. Why, you
simply drink perfume here with every
breath. Lordy. what a difference. If
those flowers "could be induced to grow
in New York they'd be bornfd to a crisp
before this time of the yt-ar. I tell you
what. Sherwood, we 'vets' never had
such luxury as this military post affords
when we wore serving Uncle Sam. eh?
Nothing about the peace and splendor of
this scene to remind you of the veritable
liell of the • 'late unpleasantness,* is
there?"
tate. no matter how much he sings its
"Sherwood, this is gorgeous. This is
aagnlficent. I'll never again believe a
'aiifornlan is spinning yarns about his
Here" a host of army officer* and their
wives arid daughters had gathered, and
the colonel was aroused from his sad
reverie to hear some one saying:
"I wish you two reformed rebels to
meet. Colonel Graham, allow me to nre
sent Mrs. Grady Jackson."
A' little cry of "Cousin Jack I" was
heard, and Mrs. Grady Jackson's great
blue fclack eyes w«e' staring up ."the
colonel, and two little hands were pressed
against his breast, while her lips moved
without uttering a sound, and the great
tears rolled unheeded down her cheeks.
In a second the colonel had her In His
arms and lifted her Into the carriage r ho
J T>, P !k '*? besld «. hcr . covering her face
with the long crape veil, and then raising
his hat begged to be excused, say Ing
..J , 8ee you tQ - m °rrow, Sherwood."
Now, he cried to the driver, "go back
to. town."
Mr. Fuller didn't se© him to-morrow
nor the next day. but the day after. In
answer to a phone from the Palace Hotel,
he was shown into a private parlor, where
a little wedding party awaited him.
, Sherwood." aaid the colonel, leading
forward the laughing little rebel In white,
of , course you remember General Flor
ence Grady. from whom you took orders.
Well, she has condescended to become
General, Florence Graham, from whom
I shall have the honor of taking orders
for the remainder of ray life. The sur
render of Port Hudson was a dream, the
estrangement • a dream, the forty years
after a dream. This alone is reality."
"Amen! With all my soul," said Fuller.
as he kissed the bride.
Again he broke off abruptly and made
a great effort at self-control. Sherwood
put' his hand on his shoulder sympatheti
cally, and silence reigned again. Then
they, turned and slowly, made their way
back to the carriage.
"No, Sherwood, they would never an
swer my letters at home, after they mad*
me an outcast. Sometimes I thought
Ehe'd come to me. and I never married.
J just, waited and waited. But she never
came. I've searched everywhere. Sher
wood. God help" me, old man. I still go
on searching— but It's no use."
Then; for the first time he had realized
that he had a brother no longer; that he
was In very truth an outcast from his
family.
And j then there rushed over him ths
meeting with his mother— the proud,
wealthy apd beautiful mother he had left
"only a few years before— who now con
fronted .him— a white-haired, broken
hearted widow. In a poverty-stricken
ruined mansion, bereft of all that had
made life dear. And this had. been his
home and he had helped In the conflict
that had wrecked It
She had not. cursed or reviled him, as
in the first moment of their meeting he
had feared she might, but without a word
she had turned to a desk near by land
handed him a little bundle of letters— all
unopened, save one, and that one the let
ter he had written her from West Point
telling her of his change of views, and
that duty as he saw It demanded that he
fight against the South he had always
loved so well.
Then had come the hardest blow of all.
when she had ordered him to leave her
Bight forever, vowing that she would
draw down all the curses of heaven and
hell upon his head, if by any means he
should try to win his headstrong -little
cousin. And his mother's will had pre
vailed. After that, the fever had come
again and— —
"Forty years. ago." he murmured, with
head once more bowed to the ground.
you never saw her again. John?**
He felt again the tumultuous emotions
that assailed him then— he, one { of the
conquerors — as be beheld nflmberless
friends, companions and relatives of his
youth, filing past him, beaten, starved
and discouraged. The flush of victory
melted from his cheeks and his hot blood
surged back on a saddened heart, as he
eaw the hatred that shot from eyes that
had once given him looks of love.
All this had been hard to bear, but
when his little brother George, a boy of
16, the ghost of the laughing child he re
membered, was about to pass him he
forgot victory, wounds and discipline,
and clasped the warm little figure In his
arms crying. "George,' George, don't you
know me?"
His only answer was a cursa and a
blow in the. face.
"I know that we had driven them back
up th* slope again, when .that shot rot
me In both legs. X don't remember any
thing after that until she **
"Yes, I remember now, John. Too were
Just In front of me as w» cleared the
last trench and It turned my heart sick
to see you go tumbling over and over,
but I didn't have time to stop. I don't
believe any of us expected to hold that
position or get back out of It alive. It
was on the second retreat that I found
you end hid you under those logs. And
thenHhey got me— bullet In the leg, too*
.Funny, wasn't it?; There" were only sev
enteen came back that second time-, John
—all of them more cr less shot up.
"It was the lamt night In the hospital.
John, that she came a looking for you.
and in her fierce, headstrong way order*
ing me 'to find you— when— Lordy me, I
wasn't able to leave the sick ward for
"over three months. She said she hated
you. John, for fighting with us. but any
one with half an eye could see that she
really loved 'Cousin Jack.' What hap
pened, John? She found you. didn't eh©?*'
"Yesf, she found me, Sherwood," the
colonel answered with a trace of huaJcl
nes3 in his voice, "but It wasn't that It
was what happened afterward— after she
had nursed me through it all and got me
almost well In the hope I'd go back to
mv own folks— -when I Joined the com
pany again after the surrender of Vlcks
burg and marched with the old flag to re-,
celve the surrender of Port Hudspn. It
was .then.' Sherwood—'^, but the colonel
broke off abruptly, overcome by the mem
ory of all that followed.
"You find John Graham— you were plain
John Graham then, colonel— you find John
Graham," she says. "He's a Yankee—
Just a no good Yankee,!' she says, "and
I'm ashamed of him since . he turned
•gainst his boms and his folks In the
Bouth to fight with you hateful Northern
ers; but he's my cousin," she says, "and
I'd like to be sure he wasn't starving.
I'd like to irtve him some water and—
and— something to eat. I hate him for
being a turn coat to the Bouth, but he's
siy cousin, and I did like him— once. He
was 'Cousin Jack' then. You Northern
ers have overrun our land and Cousin
Ja'— he's back here at his old home again
somewhere, but he's fighting against us.
Maybe he wouldn't if he knew. Where
Is her*
"You know I'm not a coward, John. I
did my best as a boy to face those rebels
—and they were the devil's .own. I'll ad
mit, but that little Southern girl with
The colonel* bowed hi b head and kicked
little Cents In the grass at his feet, but
did. not sneak. .
Truly it was a strange reunion of these
two men who had fought side by side as
boys in that great struggle, although one
was from Louisiana, with all the tradi
tions of the old South ever coloring: his
dreams, an ardent, impulsive lad then—
now Colonel John Graham, famous in law
and politics on the Atlantic coast.
The other was from Maine, but Instead
of returning- home at the close of the
.war he had come West and gained riches,
and now in memory these two old com-
the' blue-black '"'eyes simply took all the
courage out of me. I couldn't tell her
you were dead— as I believed you were —
when I hid you beneath those fallen-logs
after the battle that day,', when' we' were
forced to - retreat. • There was no ordeal
of the whole' war half as bad as that.
And now here we are, John, you and I
together again, a small— a very small
part of that treat Grand Army of the
Republic gathered here on the shores of
the Pacific, who will soon be no more."
Sherwood sighed. But the colonel never
moved. N .
rades, each In his own way; were living
over again the Borrow a and . the (lories
of that great conflict.- The friendship that
had endured through all the long stretch
of time since they had. entered their last
fight together on that fatal 14th of June,
charging and ¦ . retreating ~ and charging
again Into the very mouths of the belch*
Ing cannon at Port Hudson,* glowed now
with renewed warmth.
"Forty • years ago," . Colonel Graham
murmured like one in a dream.
"Forty years "ago," .Fuller echoed as
softly, "but I can a see*lt; all as plainly
now, John,' as If It were Just happening
before my "very eyes. We were a pretty
ragged little handful when' General Neal
Dow led us Into battle that scorching hot
Sunday morning, weren't we? The whole
company dwindled^ down., to thirty-two
men, with the forts on one side of us
end the. gunboats on the other and a mur
derous line of 'rebs* Intrenched in be
tween and a perfect Jungle of fallen logs
to charge over, even before we got. to
the bottom of that accursed slope for
THE SUNDAY CALL.
2
FORTY YEARS AFTER* - •
By G. H. Parker.
A WAR VISION
~~ THEBATTLEOF CHATtfANOOGA.
Copyrighted, 18SS, by L. Prang & Co., Boston.
\j—£^z= A ' A ENNBTT," said Layard. suddenly, as we trudged along In
SlIence> *" do you know any one called Rosalind?"
V i*M WS5£&}l ft " Do y° u mJnd telling me who sh« lsT"
"Not a bit— my Youngest sister."
Now, wasn't that like a Scotchman? To ask you a Question that really pre
mised some Interest— and we wanted all the Interest we could get out of any
thing Just then— and then to knock off with a ruminating "Ah!" and nothing
further. ¦¦ ¦ ¦ r - *¦
"What about Rosalind? Have I been talking of her In my sleep V X
"You? Oh, no! not that I'm aware of!"
"Well, what then?" I persisted.
Layard strode on withput a word; he was a dour, raw-boned Scotchman of
about thirty; a good man to fight, to ride and to endure anything, but not much
of a talker and no company on a toilsome march, or at irksome piece of fatigue
duty. How he had ever come to throw in .his fate with the Yankees had always
puzzled me. But that we should 'have become so chummy during this latter
part of Sherman's famous march to the sea was not less amazing.
Still— Rosalind? What could be In his head about Rosalind? I waited, al
moit hungrily, for the name conjured up Irrepressible memories of home.
We -plodded along; the day was very hot and the dust and stones made
heavy going, and by-and-by Layard spoke again, turning his leathery, tanned
face and wistful blue eyes straight to mine.
"Ye* 11 laugh at me, maybe, but I've been dreaming of her every night
latejy!"
"Of my sister Rosalind?'! , t
"Of a girl ca'ed Rosalind. I dldna ken It was your sister, Bennett, but
somehow I felt bound at last to ask you. Wait and I'll tell ye what she's like!
She has a beautiful face, heart-shaped, like an angel In a picture, and very fair
hair falling loose about It, just curling at the ends; her eyes are deep blue, not
pale blue like you see In -Scotland, .but just as deep as violets, and the lashea
and the eyebrows above are black as night! She's pale, not ower strong. I
should. say, and she's but a bit lassie, yet— sixteen, seventeen at moat." ,
3& my sister Rosalind to a T— by Heavens! this Is Interesting! But yon
haven't told me -what -else she's like, tall or short, nor how you came to know
•her 'name!"
: "That I can't tell you; I kentlt. may be she said It the first time she ap
peared, but I'm no sure! And for the size of her, 1 anna say either, I only
see her face, naethlng more."*. Ui ';¦¦
Now, this was very strange— stranger than Laytrd kn«w! Fter Rosalind, my
little seventeen-year-old' sister, was a cripple. Years back, when she was a tiny
child of about two, there had been a nursery scuffle, and Rosalind had been hurt;
at the time little was thought of the Injury; our nursery was so full of children
that a knock here or there did not count, but presently alas, alas! the mischief
was done, and our little sister was lamed for life. Horace and I always felt bad
about it. though we said nothing, as is the way In big families. And I did not
tell Layard now.
"Do tell me some more. When did she begin coming:? Great Scott. LayartJ. It
is almost as If the dreams had been meant for me, and you got 'em by mistake,
sleeping next me," said L
VI dlnna see that," said Layard, Jealously. , "She never says anything about
you. She Just comes every night, smiling and looking so happy to see me. her
face, with the curling hair, and a necklace of red things, coral beads. I take It.
but cut In a curious fashion, about her throat That Is all I can see of her. but
she seems aye pleased to come, and she listens to what I have to say a' night
„ through."
My companion's plain, rough face had a new look In It, now X came to eon*
sider him.
"I've no womenklnd of my own, so It's wonderfu' to me to dream of Rosa
lind." he confessed, and his voice softened. "I'm glad you dldna laugh, Bennett!
I'll tell ye malr about It If there's anything to tell, and I can truly say It's s>
mighty comfort to me to have her face coming the nights!"
I didn't know what to make of It; the thing- bothered me, although Layard,
as far as I knew him, was an honest, decent fellow and thought a lot of women,
whileias for a fighter— why bis courage alone would have made Sherman's march
memorable.
I had had no home letters from Boston for some time; they were accumulat
ing for me, I supposed, somewhere at the base, while we were cutting a terrible
swath through the South, and I longed for news' of Rosalind. Could it be that she
was In my abnormal condition of mind and was aware of th« link between my
comrade and herself? Anyhow, whether the Imagination were dual or confined
to Layard alone. It was an extraordinary Instance of clairvoyance— those coral
beads beat me!
Why, Rosalind had worn them all her life— she was the youngest of us, and,
perhaps owing to her lameness, had never ceased to be the baby!
One day Layard and little Hayes were missing, and a lot of us turned out to
look for them: Hayes was dead when we found them; a rebel bullet had gone
through his brain and killed him on the spot; the enemy, a straggling handful
dodging after their leader, had stripped them of their arms'and left them for
dead. Layard was dead from the waist down, but his head had cleared. I sat
down on the ground beside him and listened (It was no good torturing him by at
tempting removal), and asked myself was he wandering, or what did he see?
"Yes. Rosalind, I'm coming— you gae first, dear, an' show me" the wayl" he
was whispering softly to himself. "Eh. Bennett. Is that you? I'm sorry, man.
but I must leave you. I meant to see ye home safe, but It's nae to be! And ye'll
be home the noo, but I'll tell Rosalind."
I bent my head, for his voice was very faint; "I'll tell Rosalind, Layard. and
how you liked to think of her, and how we talked of her together," said I,
thinking to please him.
"Why. man, I'll see her first!" said Layard, speaking quickly and with a
smile, as he turned over and died. J
We buried our comrades under, the rock where they fell, and mourned an
hour or two, and then spoke of them more as needs must be In war time. When
presently Grant cornered Lee at Richmond and the war was over, and I. for one.
was among, the first ordered home. I got a whole packet of letters months old,
and some more, that had gone afield, followed me back to the North; but letters
mattered little when I -was homeward bound, and the gaps in my correspondence
did not trouble me!
But there was a gap in the home-clrcla as I looked around at the first mo
ment of arrival— Rosalind ! Very gently they broke It to me— the' wound was
still fresh with them all and they knew that it would spoil my home coming; she
had died of pneumonia after imluenza, a few weeks before.
Mother and the girls were so brave and so determined not to break down that
I took my cue from them and would not show my feelings either: It Is no good
In a big family— you simply mustn't gush; but after dinner, when Horace and I
were smoking quietly, he told me one or two strange things. ,
How all through the. winter months Rosalind had talked about "her Scotch
man"—It was only Horace "whom she told. "'A fair, candy chap, keen of his
duty.' she described. him," said my brother, and I don't know that there was
anything else to say about poor Layard.
•' 'The odd thing was that though she was Immensely Interested In this dream
friend of hers, shedidn't want him to come to Boston and make her acquaint
ance. 'You see,. he doesn't know I'm a cripple — wt only know each other's faces.'
she said to me once. 'I guessed he was a soldier from his clothes, and down as
far as my necklace he thinks me quite beautiful: but if he found out I was lams
he would be ; bo disappointed!' ." quoted Horace; and he v ded softly, "We burled
her In her coral necklace.".
; ..vlt told Horace all that I knew, down to those jubilant last words. "Why, man,
I shall see her first!" and we sat silent a while wondering what it meant
: .'.'I am glad you never told him she was a cripple." satd my brother at length;
"here, in this world, the dear little thing would have had to look on at love and
marriage, and all that, and if your friend had come home with you there'd only
have been. heart-break all round! But now— I think they've met, don't you,
Harry? and know each other, , or else what was the irood of UT*
And I, who believe that there Is good In most things, think the same.
"You see. it was this way," ea!d one of three or four pioneers who came back
from a hot skirmish that afternoon with momentous news. "We sot word that
the 'rebs' was In the valley, burnln' and pillaging, and we set out to bring the
news, but at the Big Rock a band of Confederates headed us off and we had to
take cover. W« had been standln' them off for two hours and they were gettln'
ready for a rush when that boy officer of yours came chargin' down Ilka a
thunderbolt. He had only his revolver and saber, and after he had emptied his
revolver he used his steel. Bav, now, but he must have wanted to be killed.
He rode among the 'rebs' shootln' and Elashln' and checrln', and be got up such
a panic among 'em that we had a chance to make a sneak. It was no use to
think of belpln" him out. for they were sixty to five. Every one of his bullets
brought down a soldier, and he must have stashed half a dozen more, but wa
bad not got out of hearin" when we. heard the 'rebs' yellln' and kno wed that the
boy bad gone down. Yes, he was only a kid. of a boy, but I'm tellln" you, kur
nel. that he had a heart of a lion, and that we are ready to sell our claims to
build him a monument fifty feet high!" —
pany.
"While temporarily under the command of Second Lieutenant Warner fif
teen men were killed or captured. The officer himself escaped by flight"
Such was the wording of the captain's report and of the dispatch sent
broadcast for publication and "The Cub" found himself ostracized. Some of
his brother officers nodded Btiffly to him, while others turned. their backs. The
boy felt tnat be had been put in a false position for a purpose, but he could
prove nothing nor advance any satisfactory explanations. He had obeyed or
ders, but the act of obedience had ruined his career. There was no court of
Inquiry— no charges— no court-martial. He was simply ostracized by the officers
and looked at askance by the privates. There were two remedies—resigna
tion or suicide. It seemed to him that to send In his resignation after a
month's service, and with a campaign still on, smacked of cowardice and he
was no coward. As to the other remedy— well.
The Twenty-second had not rested thirty days after Chattanooga before
word epread that another terrific battle was Imminent. The regiment must pre
pare to receive the brunt of the fighting again. One, mornlne, as the men were
rushing to and fro while making their preparations, "The Cub" rode away from
the lines alone, and only a sentry or two saw him go. He rode straight down
the valley at a mad gallop for seven miles and then drew rein under the; trees
surrounding a spring. There was but the other remedy left, and he was going
to accept It He had galloped away from all human life to be alone with his
last thoughts and to die by his own hand.
The "rush" came. Fifty ragged but cool and determined Confederates rose
up and dashed forward In a body. The boy did not lose his nerve altogether,
but he was the only one of the seveo or eight living men who was not cap
tured and dragged back Into the trenches. It was with something like fright
In his eyes and his face as white uak dead man's that he rejoined his com-
Little by little Company A was moved to the right, and by and by It
was no longer In support of Its skirmish line. The time came when It was
rifle shot away and when the "grays" took advantage of It to "rush" the ten
men still left alive In the alps and hollows along that front There was cal
culation on the part of the captain — movement on the part of the rebels. "The
Cub" had been given no orders except to advance and attack. He found the
enemy ten to one, but he would not fall back. He realized that his little force
must be wiped out, but he encouraged the men to creep nearer. The time came
when he saw himself unsupported and liable to be cut off. but there was no
backward movement If recalled be would retreat If not he would die on the
firing line.
The Confederates had gathered In force and were strongly entrenched. , War
ner's regiment was rushed forward to open a fight which lasted for three hours.
To accomplish results aimed at the command had to be split up and companies
and squadrons sent here and there to tight on their own hook. \ < .
"The Cub" had been under the eye of every man In Company A slnci the
first shot was fired, and It was admitted that he had kept his nerve as .well
as could be expected. The privates spoke in praise of him to each other— the
captain and lieutenant looked at each other and waited. They had not long
to wait A company wu sent far out on the right flank to move up and open
a hot fire, and then there was a smile on the captain's face. To order that boy
to push forward with fifteen men against the hundred Confederates concealed
In the trenches was "trying 1 him out," but It was also murder. A whole company
could not have carried the position. His face paled for an Instant, but then the
color came back and he shut his teeth hard and led the way.
"Damn him. does he want us wiped out to a man!" growled an old ser
geant as b« looked back over his shoulder at the captain. But "The Cub"
hurried the little band forward to their work and five minutes later they were
hotly engaged.
In the days agone. when a boy from the Point was assigned^to a regiment
on the front, he arrived one day to find himself face to face with the enemy the
next. He was given a show, however. His captain or lieutenant kept an eye
on him In his first fight and coached him through it and helped him to keep
his nerve and his hoiftr. Sometimes the boy needed no encouragement—some
times he would have lost his head and made a spectacle of himself but for the
moral support of the veterans. It Is always an open question as to how a sol
dier, be he officer or private, will conduct himself when he faces death for the
first time on' a battlefield.
Four days after Warner's arrival the command took the field against the
Confederates at Chattanooga. The boy was not yet familiar with the faces of
his brother officers, and he knew nothing of actual warfare except what he had
read. He depended on his seniors to see him through. They had doomed him,
however. They had not plotted and planned, but they had looked into each
other's eyes and nodded their heads. The boy would be "tried out" within a few
days, but he would have to stand or fall alone. He was full of enthusiasm as
the command marched forth, having no doubt of himself and being eager for
his baptism. A soldier Is not a soldier until he has heard the bullets , whistle
about his ears. It Is not years of service, but wounds that give him respect and
dignity.
f. / jE had finished with West Point and been assigned to the
I • r^!""^£3w&l Twenty-second — young Warner, who was only a boy. yet,
"^/^isMj'.fl I Wlth a face as smooth as a S lrl ' s - The captain and first lleu-
V*h' H tenant of Company A were old West Pointers and should
, :VSf$Jt£ H ' I have given the boy a warm welcome and stuck by him until
fcyjjfej&jBLt V he could Ftand alone, but Instead of that they looked at him
l^ta^aa-gBBg-^r^ askance. The captain himself had a son who had failed to
pass at the Point, and this had rankled and embittered him,
and his llentenant had taken up his cause.
An hour later the officer was put Into a room by himself and told that at
daylight he would be started for headquarters under escort. He was awake and
alert at daybreak. When the corporal's guard came to lead him forth, he fought
his last and greatest fight The Yankee soldiers told of it to the last day of the
siege of Vlcksburg. When at last he was killed, his enemies stood around the
dead body and removed their hats In respect "Two dead and three wounded"
was the corporal's report. - - :
One morning last month a daily paper raked up the old case of defalcation.
In connection with many another historic affair, and closed by paying: "As far
as we can learn, the* police have never secured a clew to the defaulter's where-*
about*." ¦
"Don't worry, my man," said the officer, as he laid a hand on the other's arm.
"I see your drift. You. don't want to think of me as standing blindfolded against
a wall to be shot at Well, that shall never happen. Leave me alone now and
wait for the morning." ' Vv :>v**
"Say. old man. we have been proud of you. You. have been a devil In battle.
You have made your mark and you have got to' die because of It We wish to
remember you as a fighter."
"I have no name, no home, no friends," replied the lieutenant, after a mo
ment. "There Is no one to whom I would send a message. -If any one thinks of
me it Is with contempt." .
"A mother?" softly queried the sergeant
"Yes, but no message." ,/'.
"A girl— a sweetheart?" /
The lieutenant- shook his head, and the sergeant drew away a pace and sighed.
Presently he whispered: ¦ • .
"We have known you, and yet we have not known you well," continued the
sergeant. "You have a name; you have friends in the. States; you want to send
a last message to some one." . >.
"Only a matter of a couple of days," was the reply.
"He Is a fighter— too much of a fighter. It must be his. desire to get killed.
He came to us because -he had done something: to disgrace his. name In the
States and he feels that he can never go back/; We do not' care to know what It
is. .If we had a thousand more like him we could capture Washington." •- £,
In the gray of the morning Ihe Man from New; York led a. handful
against the flank of the thousands at Vlcksburg to produce a diversion, and for
a time the thousand were thrown Into a panic/ .Then the rebel reneral's plans
went wrong and the enemy were allowediUo take heart and rally. -The regiment
swung about- and attacked with spirit. The last thirty soon became onlytwehty
flve—then twenty— then, ten.. Then the ten surrendered. The Man from New York
stormed and raved and He cursed 'them In one breath and -entreated
In another: but the ten had had enough fighting. \ -_--.
"So It Is you!" exclaimed the Yankee colonel.' : wherv. the leader of the ten had
bowed to the Inevitable. '"I would rather have captured, you than General Lee
himself. You shall have a capital military execution T have no doubt. As for
the others, let four be taken out and shot at once. We will decide the fate of
the others later on." . .
The five were Imprisoned for the rest of the day. and night -For a time, ths
Man from New York sat apart from the others and did not enter Into their hopes
and fears. Then a Yankee sergeant— a Northerner who had lived In Boston for
years, but who had also been* fighting on the side of the "rebs" — crossed over to
him and said:
"They may spare us, as we are only small fry, but .your death Is certain." ""
That was the Introduction of the Man from New York. He gave no name
and no Information about himself. He simply said he was ready to fight for
the cause, and he was assigned to the ranks and , given arms. After the first
skirmish he was made a sergeant; after the second, a lieutenant. He was a
cool.' fearless ' fighter and an acquisition. No questions w«s asked of him by
the rebels. He was one of a hundred "Northerners". who had found, their way to
the South to take a hand in the revolution. .Among, themselves,* however, they
said: . . - • ' . .¦-_•¦¦••;.¦ ¦ •¦; . ¦
A rebel sentry who paced the outer lines down near the water's edge one
morning soon after daylight came across a sight which startled him and raised
a hubbub loud enough to wake his eIq splnjf comrades among the trees. There
was a battered old skiff on the sands, and a few feet from It lay a, man asleep.
"HI. there! Wake up! Wake up!" said one of the half-dozen rebels who came
down and surrounded the sleeper and wondered who and what he was,
"Well?" asked the man, as he rubbed his eyes and sat up.
"Who are you?" . .• .. -
"You can- call me the Man from New York." •¦ * ,. *
"How did you get here?" , ' . ' * .'
The man pointed to the old boat and rose to his feet to yawn and stretch.
|*What-do you want here?" continued the questioner. v.'i
"Take me to your commanding general. I guess he wants recruits, and
I am ready to Join." ' / -
T was by no means an unusual Item In the morning paper*.
It consisted of less than twenty lines and was to the effect
that the cashier and confidential man of B. & B., Broadway,
had been mlslng for two or three days, and that upon ex
amination It had been found that he- was short $16,000 in his
accounts. The usual explanation was put forward— the races,
the stock market and an uptown apartment — and It was add
ed that the police were on the defaulter's tralL
• • •' . • . • ' • . . • . - •
By C. B. Lewis.
TRYING HIM OUT
THE SUNDAY CALL.
FATE'S PENCE.
By James Nor fleet.
THe Tragedy And Heroism of the Trenches — rrom one of Thuistrap>f Great pictures of the civu war.He put his lips down upon the soft
hair. ' y*
"I won't— <]o you understand that? Stop
talking nonsense."
He thought there would be no end to the
sobs.
"Have It out,: dear— there's plenty of
time."
Once she seemed to have stopped the
tears. He turned her face up to his own
again and softly ki»sed her wet > eyes.
Her full lips were parted before him. but
he* did not kiss them. The «ob3 came
again.
"There— there!— it will soon be over."
At last she ceased to cry from sheer
exhaustion, and when, with hjs hand un
der her chin, he forced up her head again,
she looked at him a full minute and then
closed her c;'es.
Ii? kissed their lids.
There came from time to time the in
voluntary quick little indrawlngs of
breath— the aftermath of her weeping.
He held her so for a time, while neither
spoke. She had btcomo too weak to
struggle.
"My arms have starved for you so," lie
murmured. She gave no sign.
5 "Come over here." He led her, unresist
ing, around to the couch at the other side
of the table.
"Sit here, and we'll talk it over sensibly,
before you get ready." v
When he released her, she started
quickly up toward the door that led into
the hall.
"Don't do that— pleaso don't be foolish."
He locked the door and put the key In
his pocket. Then he went over to the
big folding doors and satisfied himself
they were locked from the other side. He
went back and £tood in front of her. She
had watched him with dumb terror in
her face. >
"Now we can talk— but there isn't much
to be said. How soon can you be ready?"
"You are crazy!"
"Possibly— believe what you like."
"How did you ever dare? Oh, how
awful!"
"If you haven't passed that stage, I'll
hold you again."
"No, no— please don't— please stand up
again. Sit over there— I can think bet
ter." '
"Think quickly. This is Saturday, and
to-morrow is their busy day. They may
not sit up late to-night." '
She arose with a little shrug of despera
tion that proclaimed her to be In the
power of a madman. She looked at her
face In the oval mirror, wiping her eyes
and making little passes and pats at her
disordered hair. He went over tp her.
'.'No, no— please go over : there again.
Sit' down a f moment— let me think. I'll
talk to, you presently."
. There was silence for five minutes. He
watched her, while she narrowed her
eyes in deep thought.
Then be looked at bis watch.
"I can give you an hour, If you'v* any
thing to say before It's done-^-not longer."
She drew a long breath. "
"Mr. Bines, are you mad? Can't you be
rational?" \
"Mr. Bines— how absurd! Oh! let, me
go! You're hurting my wrist! Oh!— don t
—don't— don't! Oh!" •
When he felt the slender wrist trying
to writhe from his grasp. he had closed
upon it more tightly,' and thrusting h!s
other arm quickly behind her, had drawn
her closely to him. Her cries and pload
ings were being smother<-d down on his
breast. Her struggles met only the un
bending, pitiless resistance of steel. ../
"Don't waste time, 1 tell you— can't you
understand? Be sensible— talk if * you
must— only talk sense."
"Let me go at once— I demand it— quick
—oh!"
"Take this hat off!"
He forced the wrist he had been holding
down between them, 60 thai she could not
free the hand, and, with his own hand
thus freed, he drew out the two long hat
pins and flung the hat with its storm
tossed cherries across the room. Still
holding her tightly, he put the free hand
on her brow and thrust her l head back,
so that she was forced to look up at him.
"Let me see you*-I want to see your
eyes— they're my eyes now."
Her head strained against his hand to
be down again, and sfll her strength was
exerted to be away. She found she could
not move In any direction.
"Oh, you're hurting my neck. What
shall I do? I can't scream— think what it
would mean!— you're hurting my neck!"
"¥ou are hurting your own neck— stop
It!"
He kissed her face, softly, her checks,
her eyes, her chin.
"I've loved you so — don't— what's the
uie? Be sensible. My arms have starved
for you so — do you think they're going to
loosen now? Avice Milbrey— Avice Mil
brey—Avice Milbrey I"
His arms tightened about her as he
said the name over and over.
"That's poetry— It's all the poetry there
is in the world. It's a verse I say
over in the night. You can't understand
it yet— it's too deep for you. It
means I must have you— and the next
verse means that you must have me— a
poor man— be a poor man's wife — and all
the other verses— millions of them— mean
that I'll never give you up— and there's a
lot more verses for you to write, when
you understand — meaning that you'll
never give me up— and there's one In the
beginning means I'm going to carry you
out and marry you to-night— now, do you
understand?— right off— this very nlghtl"
"Ob! Oh! this Is so terrible. Ob, it's so
awfull"
Her voice broke, and he felt her body
quiver with sobs. Her face was pitifully
convulsed, and tears, welled In her eyes.
"Let me go— let— me— go!"
He released her head, but still held her
closely to him. Her sobs had become un
controllable.
"Here— " he reached for the little lace
edged handkerchief that lay beside her
long gloves and her purse on the table.
She took It mechanically. ;
"Please— oh. ' please let me go— I beg
you." She managed it with difficulty be
tween the convulsions that were rending
her.
pure, raw force, needing, to be resistless,
only the guidance of a definite purpose.
Percjval walked out to Broadway, re
volving his plan. He saw it was but 6
o'clock. He could do nothing for at least
an hour. When he noted this he became
conscious of his hunger. He had eaten
nothing since morning. He turned into a
restaurant on Madison Square and ordered
dinner. When he had eaten, he sat with
his coffee for a final smoke of delibera
tion. He went over once more "the day's
arguments for and against the novel em
prise. He had become Insensible, how
ever, to all the dissenting ones. As a last
rally, he tried to picture the difficulties
he might encounter. He faced all he could
imagine.
"By God. I'll do it!"
"Oui, monsieur!" said the waiter, who
had been standing dreamily near, startled
into attention by the spoken words.
"That's all— give me the check."
He was pent force waiting to be trans
lated into action. .
He drove first to the Milbrey house, on
the chance that she might be at home.
Jarviti answered his ring.
"Miss Mllbrev lb with Mrs. Van Geist.
sir." Jarvis spoke regretfully. He had
reasons of his own for believing that the
severance of the Milbrey relation«hip with
Mr. Bines had been nothing short of ca
lamitous.
He rang Mrs. Van Gelst's bell, five min
utes later.
"The ladies haven't come back. sir. I
don't know where they might be. Per
haps at the Valners', In Fifty-second
street, sir."
He rang the Valners' bell. *»¦
"Mrs. Van Giest and Miss Milbrey? They
left here at least half an hour ago, sir."
"Go down the avenue slowly, driver!"
At Fortieth street he looked down to
the middle of the block.
Mrs. Van Geist. alone, was just alight
ing from her coupe.
He signaled the driver.
"Go to the other address again,, in Thir
ty-seventb street."
Jarvis opened the door.
"Yes, sir— thank you, sir— Miss Milbrey
1e in. sir. I'll see. sir."
Ho crossed the Rubicon of a door mat
and stood in. the unliRhted hall. At the
far end he caw light coming from a door
that he knew opened Into the library.
Jarvis came into the light. Behind him
appeared Miss Milbrey In the doorway.
"Miss Milbrey says will you enter the
library, Mr. Bines?"
CHAPTER XI*
He walked quickly back. At the ddor
way she save him her hand, which he
took In silence.
"Why— Mr. Bines!— you wouldn't have
surprised me last night. To-night I pic
tured you on your way West."
Her gown was of dull blue dimity. Bhe
still wore her hat. an arch of straw over
her face, with ripe red cherries nodding
upon it as she moved. He closed the door
behind him.
"Do come In. I've been having a soli
tary rummage among old things. It is my
last nlcht here. We're leaving for the
country to-morrow, you know." .
She stood by the table, the light from
a ehaded lamp making her color glow.
Now she noted that be had not spoken.
She turned quickly to him as If to ques
tion.
He took a swift little step toward her,
still without speaking. She stepped back
with a sudden Instinct of fright.
He took two quick steps forward and
grasped one of her wrists. He spoke In
cool, even tones, but the words came
fast:
"I've come to marry you to-night; to
take you away with me to that Western
country. You may not like the life. You
may grieve to death for all I know
but you're going. I won't plead, I won't
beg, but I am going to take you."
She had, begun to pull away In alarm
when he seized her wrist. His grasp did
not bruise; It did not seem to be tight;
but the hand that held It was Immovable.
"Mr. Bines, you forget yourself. Real
ly, this Is— *V ;
"Don't waste time. You can say all
that needs to be said— I'll give you time
for that before we start— but don't waste
the time saying all those useless things.
Don't waste time telling me I'm crazy.
Perhaps I am. We can settle that later.'.'
•T haven't been Irrational. I give you
my word, not once since I came here."
He looked at her steadily. All at once
he saw her face grow crimson. She
turned her eyes from bis with an effort.
"I'm going back to Montana in the
morning. I want you to marry me to
night—1 won't even wait one more day —
one more hour. I know it's a thing you
never dreamt of— marrying a poor man.
You'll look at it as the most disgraceful
act of folly you conld possibly commit,
and so will every one else here— but you'll
do it. To-morrow at this time you'll be
half way to Chicago with me."
"Mr. Bines— I'm perfectly reasonable
and serious— I mean It— are you quite
sure yu'u didn't lose your wits when you
lost ytur money?"
"It may be a witless thing td marry a
girl who would marry for money— but
neve,rj mind that— I'm used to taking
cliantfs." *
. She glanced at him, curiously.
"Yoii know I'm to marry Mr. Shepler
the tenth of n*xt month."
"Y<jur grammar Is faulty— tense is
wrong— You should Bay 'was to have mar
ried [Mr. Shepler.' I'm fastidious about
these little things, I confess."
"How can you jest?" •
"ilcan't. Don't think this is any joke.
He'll llnd out." " ;" ;
"Who v;ill find out— what, pray?"
"He will. He's already said he was
afraid there might have been some non
sense between you and me, because we
talked that evening at the Oldakers*. He
told my grandfather he wasn't at all sure
of you until that day I lost my money."
"Oh. I see— and of course you'd like
your revenge— carrying me off from him
just to hurt him."
"If you say that I'll hold you In my
arms again." He started toward her.
"I've loved you so, I tell you— all the time
—all the time." .
"Or perhaps It's a brutal revenge on me,
— pfter thinking I'd only, marry for
morey."
"I've loved you always, I tell you."
He cann, up to her, more gently now,
and took up her band to kiss it. He saw
the rirg.
"Take his ring off!"
She looked up at him with ah amused
little smile, but did not move. He reached
for the hand, and she put It behind her.
"Take it off." he said, harshly.
He forced hex hand out, ¦ took off the
ring with Its gleaming stone, none too
gently.' and laid it on the table behind
him. Then he covered the hand with
kisses. | :.;;:/
"Now It's my hand. Perhaps there was
a little, of both those feelings you accuse
me of— perhaps I did want to triumph
over both you and Shepler— and the other
people i who said you'fl never, marry for
anything but money— but do you think I'd
have had either one of those desires If. I
hadn't loved you? Do you think I'd have
cared how many Sbeplers you married if
I hadn't loved you so, night • and day—
always turning to you In spite of every
thing—loving you always, under evcry
thlng-always. I tell you."
"Under what— what 'everything'?"
"When I was sure you had no heart
that you couldn't care for any man ex
cept a' rich man— that you would marry
only for money."
"You ! thought that?" ,
"Of course I thought it." 1 ' ' '
"Whit has changed you?" «
"Nothing. I'm going to change it now
by proving differently. I shall take you
against your will— but I shall make you
love me— in the end. I know you— you're
a woman, In spite of yourself I" -
"You were entirely right about me. I
would. even have married you because of
the money— "
"Tell me what It la you're holding' back
—don't wait."
"Let me think— don't talk, please!"
Ehe sat a long time silent, motionless.
her eyes fixed ahead. At length she
stirred herself to speak.
"You were right about me, partly— and
partly wrong. I don't think I can make
you understand. I've always wanted so
much from ljfe— so much more than It
seemed possible. to have. The only thins
for. a ": girl In * my position and circum
stances was to make what Is called a good
THE SPENDERS
T By Harry Leoe Wilson.
Concluded io This Iostallment.
marriage. I wanted what that would
bring, too. I was torn between the desires
-or rather the natural Instincts and the
trained desires. I had Ideals about loving
and being loved, and I had the mate rial
Ideals of my experience In this world out
here.
"I was untrue to each by turns. Here
—I want to show you something."
She took up a book with closely written
pages.
"I came here to-night— I won't conceal
from you that I thought of you when I
came. It was my last time here, and you
fcad gone. I supposed. Among other things
I had out this old diary to burn, and I
found this, written on my eighteenth
birthday, when I came out— the fond, ro
mantic, secret ideal of a foolish girl
listen:
" The Soul of Love wed the Soul of
Truth and their daughter, Joy, was born:
who was immortal and In whom they
lived forever!'
"You see— that was the sort of moon
shine I started In to live. Two or three
times I was a grievous disappointment to
my people, and once or twice, perhaps.
I was disappointed myself. I was never
quite sure what I wanted. But if you
think I was consistently mercenary, you
are mistaken.
"I shall tell you something more—
something no one knows. There was a
man I met while that ideal was still
strong and beautiful to me — but after I'd
come to see that here. In this life. It was
not easily to be kept. He was older than
I, experienced with women— a lover of
women, I came to understand In time. I
was a novelty to him, a fresh recreation;
he enjoyed all those romantic Ideals of
mine. I thought then he loved me. and I
worshiped him. He was married, but
constantly said he was about to leave his
wife so she would divorce him. I prom
ised to come to him when It was done.
He married for money and he would
have .been poor again. I didn't mind In
the least. I tell you this to show you that
I could have loved a poor man, not only
well enough to marry him, but to break
with the traditions and brave the scan
dal of going' to him In that common way.
With all I felt for him r ( should have been
more than satisfied. But I came In time
to see that he was not as earnest as I
had been. He wasn't capable of feeling
what I felt. He was more cowardly than
I — or rather, I was more reckless than he.
I suspected it a long time; I became con
vinced of it a year ago and a little over.
He became hateful to me. I had wasted
my love. Then he became funny. But—
you see— I amanot altogether what you
believed me. Walt a bit longer, please.
"Then I gave up, almost— and later, I
gave up entirely. And when my brother
was about to marry that woman, and
Mr. Shepler asked me to marry him. I
consented. It seemed an easy way to end
It all. I'd quit fondling Ideals. And you
had told me I must do anything I could
to keep Fred from marrying that woman.
My people came to say the same thing—
and so — "
"If he had married hex— If they were
married now— then you would feel tree to
marry met"
"You would still be the absurdest man
in New York— but we can't discuss that.
He isn't going to marry her."
"But he has married her—"
"What do you meant"
"I supposed you knew— Oldaker told me
as I left the hotel. He and your father
were witnesses. The marriage took place
this afternoon at the Arllngham."
"You're not deceiving me?"
"Come, come!— girl!"
"Oh, pardon me. pleaae! Of course. I
didn't mean it— but you stunned ma. And
papa said nothing to me about It before
he left. The money must have been too
great a temptation to him and to Fred.
She has Just made some enormous amount
In copper stock or something."
"I know, she had better advice than I
had. I'd like to reward the man who
gave It to her."
"And I was sure you were going to mar
ry that other woman."
"How could you think so?"
' "Of course, I'm not the least bit Jealous
—it isn't my disposition— but I did think
Florence Akemit wasn't the woman to
make you happy. Of course, I liked her
Immensely— and there were report* golns
about — everybody seemed so sure — and you
were with her so much. Oh, how I did
hate her!"
"I tell you she Is a Joke and always
was."
"It's funny— that's exactly what I told
Aunt Cornelia about that—that man."
"Let's stop joking, then."
"How absurd you are— with my plans all
made and the day set "
- There was & knock at the door. He
went over and unlocked it. Jarvis was
there.
"Mr. Shepler, Miss Avlce."
They looked at each other.
"Jarvis, shut that door and wait out
side."
"Yes, Mr. Bines."
"You can't see him."
"But I must— we're engaged, don't you
understand?— of course, I must!"
"I tell you I won't let you. Can't you
understand that I'm not talking Idly?"
She tried to evade him and reach th«
door, but she was caught again In his
arms— held close to him.
"If you like he shall come In now. But
he's not going to take you away from
me, as he did In that Jeweler's the other
night— and you can't see him at all ex
cept as you are now." «»
She struggled to be free.
"Oh. you're so brutall" -
"I haven't begun yet——" .
He drew her toward the door.
"Oh, not that — don't open It— m tell
him— yes. I will!"
"I'm taking no more chances, and the
time is short."
Still holding her closely with one ana
he opened the door. The man stared im
passively above their heads— a graven
Image of unconsciousness.
"Jarvis."
"Yes, sir."
"Miss Milbrey wishes you to say to Mr.
Bhepler that she is engaged "
"That I'm 111," she Interrupted, still
making little struggles to twist from hla
grasp, her head still bent down.
"That she is engaged with Mr. Bines.
Jarvis, and can't see him. Say It that
way— 'Miss Milbrey Is engagefl with Mr.
Bines and can't see you.'"
"Yes, sir!"
He remained standing: motionless, as ha
had been, his eyes still fixed above him.
But the eyes of Jarvts, from long train
ing, did not require to be bent upon those
things they needed to observe. They saw
something now that was at least two feet
below their range.
The girl made a little move with her
right arm. which was Imprisoned fast
between them, and which some Intuition
led her captor not to restrain. The firm,
little hand worked its way slowly cp,
went creepingly over his shoulder and
bent tightly about his neck.
"Yes, sir," repeated Jarvis, without the
quiver of an eyelid, and went.
He closed the door with his free band.
CHAPTER XXXVIIL
BOME PHENOMENA PECULIAR TO
SPRING.
»¦* -# E awoke early, refreshed and in-
I \ tensely alive. With the work done
P— 1 he became conscious of a feelir.f
X. I of disaesodatlon from the sur-
J roundings In which he ha*
to long been at home. Many words of
the talkative German were running in
his mind from the night before. He was
glad the business was off his mind. H«
would now go the pleasant journey, and
think on the way.
His trunks were ready for the car; and
before he went down stairs his hand-bag
was packed end the preparations for the
start completed.
He tried to recall some forgotten detail
of the business that might serve to oc
cupy him. But the lintshlng had been
thorough.
Then all at once, a new-born world
cohered out of the nebula, and the sight
of Us measured, orderly whirling dazed
him. He had been seized with a wish
almost an intention, so stunning in its
audacity that he all but reeled un
der the shock. It seemed to him that
the thing must have been germinated
in his mind without hla knowledge; it
had lain there, gathering force while he
rested, now to burst forth and dazzle him
with its shine. All that undlmmed fresh
ness of longing he had felt the day be
fore — all the unnamed, unidentified, name
less desires— had flooded back upon him,
but now no longer aimless. They were
acutely definite. He wanted Avlce Mll
brey—wanted her with an intensity as un
reasoning as it was resistless. This was
the new world he had watched
out of the chaos in his mind, 'taking its
allotted orbit in a planetary system of
rotsilile. rational, matter-of-course pro
ceedings.
And Avice Milbrey was to marry Shep
ler, the triumphant money king.
Then there tame upon him to reinforce
this want a burning sense of defeat. He
remembered Uncle, Peter's first warnings
In the mine about "cupboard love"; the
gossip of Hipbee: "If you were broke
ehe'd have about as much use for you- — ''
ell the talk he had listened to so long
about marriage for money; and, at the
last, Shepler's words to Uncle Peter: "I
was uncertain until copper went to 51."'
Those were three wise old men who had
talked, men who knew something of wom
en and much of the world. And they
were so Irritating In their certainty. What
a fine play to fool them all!
The sense of defeat burned into him
more deeply. He had been vanquished,
cheated, Fcornc-d, shamefully flouted. The
money was gone— all of Uncle Peter's
complaints and biting sarcasms came
back to him with renewed bitterness; but
his revenge on Uncle Peter would be in
showing him a big man at work, with no
nonsense about him. But Shepler, who
was now certain, and Higbee, who had
always been certain— especially Shepler,
with his easy sense of superiority with a
woman over any poor man. That was a
different matter. There was a thing to
think about. And he wanted Avice Mil
brey. He could not, he decided, go back
without her.
Something of the old lawless spirit of
adventure that had spurred on his reck
less forbears urged him to carry the girl
back with him. She didn't love him. He
would take her In spite of that; over
power her; force her to go. It was a re
venge of superb audacity. Shepler had
not* been sure of her until now. Well.
Shepler might be hurled from that cer
tainty by one hour of determined action.
The great wild wish narrowed itself into
a definite plan. He recalled the story
Uncle Peter had told at the Oldakers*
about the woman and her hair. A woman
could be coerced if a man knew her weak
ness. He could coerce her. He knew it
Instinctively; and the instinctive belief
rkllied to its support a thousand little
looks from her. little Intonations of her
voice, little turnings of her head when
they had been together. In spite of her
calculations. In spite of her love of money,
he could make her feel her weakness. He
was a man with the power.
It was heady wine for the morning. He
described himself briefly as a lunatic and
walked on again. But the crazy notion
would not be gone. The day before he
had been passive. Now he was active,
acutely aware of himself and all bis
wants. He walked a mile trying to dis
miss th« idea. He cat down again, and It
flooded back upon him with new force.
Her people were gone. Ehe had even Inti
mated a wish to talk with him again. It
could be done quickly. He knew. He felt
the primitive superiority of man's mere
brute force over woman. He gloried in
his knotted muscles and the crushing
power of his desires.
Afterward, she would reproach him bit
terly. They would both be unhappy. It
was no matter. It was the present, the
time when he should be living. He would
have her. and Shepler— Shepler might
have had the One Girl mine — but this girJ,
never!
Again he tried faithfully to walk off the
obsession. Again were his essays at sober
reason unavailing.
His mind was Bet as It had been when
he bought the stocks day after day
against the advice of the best judges In
the street. He could not turn himself
back. There must be success. There
could not be a giving: up— and there must
not be a failure.
Hour after hour he alternately walked
and rested, combating and favoring the
mad project. It was a foolish little world
and people were always waiting for an
other time to begin the living of life. The
German had quoted Martial: "To-mor
row I will live, the fool says; to-day lt
eeirs too late. Th« wise lived yesterday."
If he did not go away alone he knew
he would always regret It. If he carried
her triumphantly off, doubtless his re
gret for that would eventually be as
great. The first regret was certain. The
latter was equally plausible; but. If It
came, would it not be preferable to the
other? To have held her once— to have
taken her away, to have triumphed over
her own calculations, and, best of all. to
have triumphed over the money-king rest-
Ing fatuously confident behind his -wealti,
dignifying no man as rival who was not
rich. The present, so, was more than
any possible future, how dire soever It
might be.
He was mad to prove to heiv-and to
Shepler — that she was more a woman
than either had supposed— a /Woman In
tpite of herself, weak, unreasoning; to
prove to them both that a determined
man has a vital power to coerce which
no money may ever equal.
Not until 5 o'clock had he by turns
urged and fought himself to the ferry.
By that time hs had given up arguing.
He was dwelling entirely upon his plan
of action. Strive and grope as he would,
the thing had driven him on relentlessly.
His reason could not take him beyond the
reach of Its goad. Par as ho went he
loved her even farther. She belonged to
him. He would have her. He seemed to
have been storing, the day before a vast
quantity of energy that he was now draw
ing lavishly upon. For the time, he was
THE SUKDAY CALL.
4
Battle of SHlloH— 1862»— I^om "General Grant Prom West Point to Appomattox." Copyrighted, 1885, by L. Prang & Co.,_ Boston.
' ' ' I THINK IT OVER.; |
Of course you're sure you could spend a cool million a year, but —
could you really? Just read the most talked of book of the day,
Brewsters Millions
By RICHARD p. GREAVES.
"BEGINS IN NEXT SUNDAY; GALL> I(The End.)
"But sb« eloDed with her true love,
young AnnekJe Van Schoule; left the
horns on Hickory street one night, and
went far away, away up beyond One
Hundred and Twenty-fifth street some
where, and then wrote them about It"
"And left the sampler?"
"She had ner husband— she didn't need
any old sampler after that— Le marlage
porte consell, aussl, monsieur. And now,
you've married your wife with her wed
ding ring that came from Holland years
and years ago."
It was alter midnight when they began
to pack. When they finished it was near
ly four.
She had laid out a -~rk dress for the
Journey, but be Insisted that she put It
in a suit case and wear the one she had
on.
"I shouldn't know you in any other—
and it's the color of your eyes. I want
that color all over tne place."
"But ws shall be traveling:."
"In our own car. That car has been
described in the publlo prints as a 'suite
of palatial apartments with all modern
conveniences.' "
"I forgot."
"We shall be going West like the old
'49-ers, seeking adventure and' gold."
"Did they go tn their private cars?"
THE NEW ARGON AUT8.
Mrs. Van Gelst came fluttering out to
the carriage.
"You and Briggs may get out here. Jar
vis. There, that's for you", and that's for
Briggs— and thank you both very much."
."Child, child! What does it mean?"
"Mr. Bines Is my husband, Mutterchen,
and we're leaving for the West In the
morning."
The excitement did not abate for ten
minutes or so.
"And do say something cheerful, dear,"
pleaded Avlce at parting. \
"You mad child— I was always afraid
you might do something like this. , But-
I will say I'm not altogether sure you've
acted foolishly."
"Thank you. you dear old Mutterchen,
and you'll come to see us— you shall see
how happy I can be with this— this boy—
this Lochinvar Jr. I'm sure Mrs. Lochin
var always lived happily ever after."
Mrs. Van Geist kissed them both.
"Back to Thirty-seventh street, driver."
"I shall want you at seven-thirty sharp
to-morrow morning," he said, as they
alighted. "Will you be here, sure?"
"Sure, boss!"
"You'll make another one of those If
you're on time."
The driver faced the bill toward the
nearest street light and scanned it. Then
he placed it tenderly In the lining of his
hat, and said, fervently:
"I'll be here, gent!"
"My trunks," Avlce reminded him.
"And, driver, send an express wagon
at seven sharp. Do you understand, now?"
"Sure, gent: I'll have It here at seven,
and be here at seven-thirty."
They went in.
"You've sent Briggs off, and I've all
that packing and unpacking to do."
"You have a husband who is handy at
those things."
They went up to her room where two
trunks yawned open.
Under her directions and with her help
he took out the light summer things and
replaced them wkh heavier gowns, stout
shoes, golf capes and. caps.
"We'll be up on the Bitter Root ranch
this summer, and . you'll need heavy
things." he had told her.
Sometimes he packed clumsily, and she
was obliged to do his work over. In
these intervals he studied with interest
tho big Oiu room and her quaint old sam
pler worked in colored worsteds that had
faded to grays and uull browns: "La
Nuit Porte Cornell."
"Grandma Loekermann did it at the
convent, ages ago." she told him.
"What a cautious young thing she must
have been!" •
She leaned against bis shoulder.
CHAPTER XL.I.
"Tra trusting so much to you, and
you're trusting so much to me. It's such
a rash step!"
"Must I "
"No, I'm colng. Couldn't »we stop and
take Aunt Cornelia?"
"Aunt Cornelia won't have a chance to
worry about this until it's all over. We'll
stop there, then, if you like."
"We'll try Dr. Prendle, then. He's al
most sure, to be In."
"It won't make any difference if he
Isn't. We'll find one. Those horses are
rested. They can go all night If they
must."
. "I have Grandmother Loekermann's
wedding ring— of course you didn't fetch
one. Trust a man to forget anything of
Importance."
His grasp of her hand during the ride
did not relax.
It was nearly seven. Outside the sky
"Some of them went in rolling: six
horse Concords and some walked, and
some of them pushed their baggage across
In little handcarts, but they had fun at
It— ajid w« snail have to work as hard
when we ret there."
"Dear me! And I'm so tired already. I
feel quite done up."
8he threw herself on the wide divan,
and he fixed pillows under her head.
"You boy! I'm glad it's all over. L«fi
rest a moment.?
/ He leaned back by her and drew her
head on his arm.
"I'm glad,.' too. It's the hardest day's
work I ever did. Are you comfortable?
Rest."
"It's so good," she murmured, nestling
on his shoulder. /
"Uncle Peter took his honeymoon in a
big wagon drawn by a mule team, two
hundred miles over the Placerville and
Red Dog Trail— over tne mountains from
California to Nevada. But ha says ho
never had so happy a time." •
"He's an old dear! I'll kiss him— how
Is It you say— 'good and plenty?' Did
our Uncle Peter elope, too?"
He chuckled.
"Not exactly. It wai more like abduc
tion complicated with assault and battery.
Uncle Peter Is pretty direct In his meth
ods. The young lady's family thought
she could do better with a bloated capi
talist who owned three-eighths of a saw
mill. But Uncle Peter and she thought
she couldn't. So Uncle Peter had to lick
her father and two brothers beforo he
could get her ' away. Ho would have
licked the purse-proud rival, too. but the
rival ran Into the sawmill he owned
three-eighths of and barricaded the
whole eight-eighths-^-the five-eighths that
didn't belong to him at all, you under
stand — and then he threatened through a
chink to shoot somebody if Uncle Peter
didn't go oft about his business. So Un
cle Peter went, not wanting any unneces
sary trouble, j I've always suspected he
was a pretty ready scrapper In those days,
but the poor old fellow's getting a bit
childish now, with all this trouble about
losing the money, and the hard time he
had in the snow last winter. By the way.
I forgot to 'ask, and it's almost too lata
now, but do you like cats?" .
"I adore them— aren't kittens the dear
est?"
"Well— you're healthy— and your nose
doesn't really fall below the speci
fications, though it doesn't promise that
you're any too sensible— but If you can
make up for It by your Infatuation for
cats, perhaps it will be all right. Of
course I couldn't keep you, you know, if
you weren't very fond of cats, because
Uncle Peter'd raise a row "
She was quite still and he noted from
the change in her soft breathing that she
slept. "With his free hand ho carefully
shook out a folded steamer rug and drew
It over her.
For an hour he watched her, feeling the
arm on which she lay growing numb. He
reviewed the' day and me crowded night.
He could do something after all. Among
other things, now, he would drop a.lit
tle note to Hlgbee and add the news of
his marriage as a postscript. She was ac
tually hjs wife. How quickly It had come.
His heart was full of a great love for
her, but he could not quite repress the
pride in his achievement— and Shepler
had not been sure until he was poor I
He lost consciousness himself for a lit
tle while.
When he awoke the cold light of the
morning was stealing In. He was pain
fully cramped and chilled from the open
window. From outside came tho loud
chattering of sparrows and far away he
could hear wagons as they rattled across
a street of Belgian blocks from asphalt
to asphalt The light had been late In
coming and ha could see a sullen gray
sky, full of darker clouds.
Above the chiffonier he could sea the
ancient sampler.
"La Nuit Porto Consell.** It was true.
In the cold, pitiless light of tha morn
ing a sudden sickness of doubting seized
him. I She would awaka and reproach him
bitterly for coercing her. Sha had been
right, tha night before,— It was madness.
They had talked afterward so feverishly,
as if to forget their situation. Now sha
would face it coldly after the sleep.
"La Nuit Porto Consell." Had ho not
been a fool? And ha loved her so. Ha
would hava her anyway— no matter what
she said, now.
She stirred and her wide-open eyas were
staring up at him— staring with hurt,
troubled wonder. - Tba »T"»**Tn*Pt In
them grew— she could not understand.
He stopped breathing. His embrace of
he relaxed.
And then ha saw remembrance—recogni
tion—welcome—and there blazed Into her
eyes such a look of whole love as makes
men thrill to all good— such a look as
makes them know they are men and dare
all great deeds to show it. Like a sun
rise,. It flooded her face with dear, won
drous beauties— and still she looked, si
lent.* motionless— In an ecstasy of pure
realization. Then her arms closed about
his neck with a swift little rushing and
he— still half-doubting, still curious— felt
himself strained to her. Still more close
ly sha clung, putting out with her inten
sity all his misgiving.
She sought his lips with her own— eager,
pressing.
"Kiss me— kiss me— kiss me! Oh, it's
all true— all true! My best-loved dream
has come all true! I have rested so In
your arms. I never knew rest before. I
can't remember when I haven't awakened
to doubt, and worry, and heart-sickness.
And now it's peace— dear, dear, dearest
dear, for ever and ever and ever."
They sat up. .
"Now we shall go— get me away quick
ly." " ...
"I must . buy you one of thosa nice,
shiny black ear-trumpets at the first stop.
You can't have been hearing; at all well.
. . . See, sweetheart,— out across the
river. That's where our bl* West is, over
that .way— isn't it fresh and green and
beautiful?— and how fast you're going to
it— you and your husband. I believe it's
going to be a good game . . . for us
both . . . my love. . ."
She arose and would have gone around
the . table to him, bat he met her with
open arms. \ •
"Oh, you boy P you do love me,— you
do!"
"Well, Z admit I foozled my approach
on that copper stock— but X won you—
really my winnings In Wall Street are
pretty dazzling after all, for a man who
didn't know tne ropes— there's a mirror
directly back of you, Mrs. Bines, If you
wish to look at them— with a pink rose
over that klssy place Just at their tem
ple."
She turned and looked, pretending to be
quite unimpressed.
"I always was capable of It, I tall you,
—boy I"
"What hurt me worst that night. It
showed you could love some one— you did
have a heart— but you couldn't love me."
She did not seem to hear at first, nor
to comprehend when she went back over
his words. Then she stared at hln* in
sudden amazement
He saw his blunder and looked foolish.
"I see— thank, you for saying what you
did last night— end you didn't mind— you
came to me anyway, in spite of that."
"I ordered the sun turned on at Just
this point." replied her husband, with a
large air. "I wanted you to see- the last
of that town under a cloud, so you might
not be homesick so soon."
"You don't know me. You don't know
what a good wife I shall be."
"But I had to make you. I had to pick
you up fust as I did that first time, and
again down in the mine— and you were
frightened because you knew this time I
wouldn't let you go."
"Only half afraid you wouldn't— the
other half I was afraid you would. They
got all mixed up— I don't know which was
worse."
They had finished their breakfast. One
half of the pink roses were on tho table,
and one from the other half was In her
hair.
"P. S. I should have preferred to wait
and acauaint you with my change of in
tention before marrying, but my hus
band's plans were made and ha would
not let me delay.'* -
He sealed the envelope, placed- it secure
ly under the cord that bound the package,
and their driver delivered it to the man
who opened Shepler's door.
As their train emerged from the cut at
Spuyten Duyvil and sped to the north
along the Hudson, the sun blazed forth.
"There, boy— I knew the sun must shins
to-day."
"Dear Rulon Shepler: I am sure- you
know women too well to have thought
I loved you as a wife should love her hus
band. And I know your bigness too well
to believe you will feel harshly toward me
for deciding that I could not marry you.
I could of course consistently attribute
my change to consideration for you. I
should have been very little comfort to
you. If I should tell you Just the course
I have mapped out for myself— Just what
latitude I propose to claim— I am certain
you would agree with me that I have
done to you an inestimable favor.
"Yet I have not changed because I
do not love you, but because I do love
some one else with all my heart: so that
I claim no credit except for an entirely
consistent selfishness. But do try to
believe, at the same time, that my own
selfishness has been a kindness to you.
I send you a package with this hasty
letter, and beg you to believe that I shall
remain— and am now for the first time—
Sincerely yours,
"A VICE MTXBREY BINES."
"There's one errand to do." she said,
as they entered the carriage, "but it's
on our way. Have him go up Madison
avenue and deliver this."
She showed him the package addressed:
"Mr. Rulon Shepler. personal."
"And this," she said, giving him an un
sealed note. "Bead It, please !"
He read r
"Coming!"
She took uo a little package she had
brought with her and went out to meet
him. ' *
was still all gloom.
In the rush of her reassurance he had
forgotten bis arm. It hung llmo from
his shoulder.
"It was cramped."
"And you didn't move it?"
They beat it and kneaded it raylv to
gether, until the fingers were full of the
rushing blood and able again to close
warmly over her own little hand. '
"Now go, and let me get ready. I won't
be long."
He went below to the library, and In
th« dim gray light picked up a book.
"The Delights of Delicate Eatiner." He
tried another. "101 Sandwiches."' The
next was "Famous Epicures of the Sev
enteenth Century." On the floor was her
diary. He placed It on the table. He
heard her call him from the stairs:
"Bring me up that ring from the table,
please!" ".'','
He went ud and handed it to her
through the narrowly opened door.
As h« went down the staira he heard
the bell ring somewhere below, and ho
went to the door.
"Baggage!"
The two trunks were down and out.
"They're to go jon this car. attached to
¦the Chicago express." He wrote the di
rections on one of his cards and paid the ,
man.
At seven-thirty the bell rang again. The I
cabman was there.
"Seven- thirty. gentH*
"A vice!"
"I'm coming. And there are two bags
I wish you'd cet from my room." Ha
let her pass him and went up for them.
She went Into the library and, taking
up the dlarv, tore out a sheet, marked
heavily upon It with a pencil around the
passsge she had read the evening before
and sealed it in an envelope. She ad
dressed it to her father, and laid it. with
a paper-weight on it, upon "The Delights
of Delicate Eating," where he would be
sure to find It.
The book itself she placed on the wood
laid ready in the grate to light, touched
a match to the crumpled paper under
neath and put up the blower. She stood
waiting to see that the fire would burn.
Over the mantel from its yellow canvas
looked above her head the humorously
benignant eyes of old AnnekJ© Van
Schoule, who had once removed from
Maspe.th Kill on Long Island to New
Harlem on the Island of Manhattan, and
carried there, against her father's will,
the yellow haired girl he had loved. His
face now seemed to be pretending un
consciousness of the rashly acted scenes
he had witnessed— lest, if he betrayed his
consciousness he should be forced, in
spite of himself, to disclose his approval
—a thing not fitting for an elderly, digni
fied Dutch burgher to do.
"A vice!"
He stood in the hallway waiting for her.
It was a auarter past ten. In another
moment sbo rustled softly down to him.
of yours that fits you so beautifully In the
back, and a purple cravat, and your
shiny bat, and wait for us with Briggs.
We shall want you In a moment."
"Yes. Mr. Bines."
She looked at hlra wondering! jr.
"We n**d two witnesses, you know. I
learned, that from Oldaker just now."
"But do give me a moment, everything
is all so whirling and hazy."
"Yes, I know— like the solar system in
Its nebulous state. Well, hurry and make
those worlds take ehapa. I can give you
sixty seconds to find that I'm the North
Star. A.chl I have the Doctor von Herz
llcb been ge-speaking with— come, cornel
What's the use of any more delay? I've
wasted nearly three hours here now, dil
ly-dallying along. But then, a woman
never does know her own mind. Put
a thing before her— ail as plain as the
multiplication table— and she must use up
Just so much good time telling a man that
he's crazy— and shedding tears because he
won't admit that two times two are thir
ty-seven." She was silent and motionless
for another five minutes, thinking intent
ly. "Come, time's up."
Bhe arose.
"I'm ready. I shall marry you, If you
think Tm the woman to help you in that
big, new life of yours. They meant me
sot to know about Fred's marriage until
afterward.- 1
He kissed her.
"I fed so rested and <jn!et now, as if
rd taken down a big old gate and let the
peace rush In on me. I'm sure, if g right.
I'm sure I can help you."
She picked up her hat and gloves.
"Now I'll go bathe my eyes and fix my
hair." ' ; ; ;¦ :-:• :
"I can't 1st you out of my sight, yet.
I'm Incredulous. Perhaps In seventy-five
or eighty years—"
"I thought you were so sure."
"While I can reach you, yes.**
She gave a low, delicious little laugh.
She reached both arms up around him,
pulleu down his head and kissed him.
"There— boy I"
She took uo the hat again.
"I'll be down In a moment."
"I'll be up In three, If you're not.**
When she had pone he picked up an en
velope and put a bill MRlde.
"Jarvis," he called.
The butler came up from below, dressed
for the street.
"Jarvis. put this envelop* in the Inside
of that excellent black coat of your and
hand it— afterward— to the gentleman
we're going to do business with."
"Yes, Mr. *>ines."
"And put your cravat down in the back,
Jarvis— It makes you look excited the way
It is now."
"Yes. sir: thank you, sirl"
"Is Briggs ready?"
"She's waltlnr, sir."
"Go ont and get In the carriage, both of
you."
"Yes. slrl"
"Go put on that neat black street coat
steps and I was to glad— but it
wasn't you— I'd been c'staken- again—
you etill disliked me. 1 so disap
pointed nnd hurt and heartsick, and he
kissed me and soothed me. And after
that directly I saw through him. and I
knew I truly did love you Just as I'd
wanted to love the man who would be
my husband— only all that nonsense about
money that had been dinned into me so
Iocs kept me from seeing It at first But
I was euie you didn't care for me when
they ta:ked so about you, and that— you
never did care for her, did you— you
couldn't have cared for her, could you?
—and yet, after that' night. I'd such a
queer little feeling as If you hud come
for me, and had seen—"
"Surely a gentleman never #ees any
thing he wasn't meant 4o- see."
"I'm so 'glad— I should have .been so
ashamed—".
They were still a moment, while he
stroked her hair.
"They'll be turning In early to-night,
Having to get bp to-morrow and preach
sermons--what a dreary place heaven
must be compared with this!"-
She sat up Quickly.
"Oh, I'd forgotten. How awful It is.
Isn't it awful?".
"It will soon lie over." \
"Sut think of my people and what's ex.
pected of me — think of Mr. Sbepler."
*'£hepler*s doing comt hard thinking
for himself by this time."
"Really, you're a dreadful person—"
There was a knock.
"The cabman outside, elr, says how
long la he to wait, sir?"
c"Tell him to wait all night If I don't
cotae; tell him If be moves off that spot
I'll havq his license taken away. Tell
him I'm the Mayor's brother."
"Yes. Bir."
"And. Jarvls, who's In the house be
sides you?"
"Miss Briggs, the maid, sir— but she's
Just ready to go out. sir."
"Stop her— say Miss Mllbrey wishes to
ask a favor of her; and Jarvis."
"Tea. sir!"
knpw it in the way a woman knows thlne,g
Fhe doesn't know at all. 1 went to tna
library with a candle to look into the
mirror, almost sure, you were go
ing to • come. Then I heard your
between u*. Only after dinner you seemed
kinder, and I Knew «t once you thought
better of me. and might even seek me— I
though 1 liked- you so much. Why, whet\
1 firFt met you in that mine and thought
you were a workman, I'm not sure 1 would
not have married you if you had asked
me. But it was different again when I
found o»Jt about you. And that day in
th»» woods I thought something had coma
She wins cxyiog again and trying t<» talk.
"1 <?id care for you. and that day I
thought you wore gotag to Bay something,
but you didn't— you were no distant and
troubled, and se«m«d not even to like ma
— though 1 fe t sure you loved me. I had
thnufiht you wore going to tell me, and I'd
have accepted — yea, for the money —
k^ep?"
•TcU n-.e if ymi care for me."
"Oh, I do. I do. 1 do care for you. I
liave— ever tinea that day we walked in
i?io woods. I do. I do!"
"She threw her head buck and gave him
h*r lips.
"Now. rest a little. Then we shall go."
. "J'vc so much to te'.l you. That day at
the Jrwf ler'e— well, whet could I do but
take <>nc poor last little look of you— to
l.^r eves
anc?. they stood as they -were until they
heard the noise of the front door closing
and the soft retreating footsteps of the
ljutkr.
"Oh. you were mean — mean — to shame
me to," and floods of tears came again.
"I hated to do it. but 1 had to; it was a
critical moment. And you couldn't have
made up your mind without it."
She *cbbed weakly in his arms, but her
own arm was still tight about his neck.
He felt it for the first time.
"But 1 h«d mnde up my mind— 1 did
make it up while we talked."
They were back to the couch. He held
her close and she no longer resisted, but
nestled in his arms with quick little sighF.
as if relieved from a great strain. He
kissed her forehead and hair as she dried
THE SUNDAY CALL.
5
Battle Of F6rt DonelsOli— 1862.-^omTliol»trui>»«ramou» Panorama. CopTiljflitwS, 1885, by I*«* & Co., Boston.
I so say usual |
j$ Pop SgaUtiFigi-S j$
yj ~™~~~ M
tn "GibSOn'S WindOW Drape" Veil made of French M
RK« Grenadine, the airy &V2
I 1 kind," that drapes gracefully, hemstitched, chenille Mj
K>1 and ribbon border, 18 inches wide, 54 "7fif/* S>5
V } inches long. The money-saving store's price /Ob , |J|J
yi "Marie de Koko" Drape Veils Made O f suk chif- M
S>| ± fon, 18 inches wide, j2JS
VLJ 54 inches long. Hemstitched and heavily striped V|J
JS#| borders; in black, brown and blue. For hat drapes jRKi
VVJ and other millinery purposes. Money-saving fiTA/* Cj^
mrt store's price O\J\j ppj
M "Margrenia" Complexion Veil in J horsehair Ka
SK : £¦ effects, dotted and CJ^
rfl plain. Money-saving store's price O^Li* lYl
fcjS "LeSline" Veiling H' d « the wrinkles and beautifies UJ
rfl 2 the face, chenille dotted and twisted Y*/t
EMgS . thread effects. Money-saving • store's price Off g% Kyg
Eg u DC Q1
C(j Amelia Bingham" Tuxedo and crisscross combined, lyl
Rjja 2 Magnifies your beauty, and harm- JSV!
rV) less to your eyes. Velvet dotted and plain. Offrt ITJ
CJ5f Money-saving- store's price £*\)lr |VJ|
M» "Mabeline" In spider-web and horsehair effects. Youth- jAjj
Ml ens the face and protects the skin. Money- FYj
K>| saving store's price O^A t5>5
kU • £ D *> kQ
Q2 The New "Googeo-Eye" Veils Jhin and # airy. jYj
K>f — — Horsehair and |2>f
VlJ spider-web combined, chenille dotted and O^A VlJ
KV| * plain. Money-saving store's price «X|
t$A Invisible IllnSiOn Easy on the eyes and enhances fcj5
SLI TTT"" r" vour beauty; double width and silk- tlJ
Jyfl finish. Money-saving store's price lf\t% WI
SJj \\ " Yard lUC i^f
BS Honor Bright tu
m joe Rosenberg ffi
ITS W== l ;V ¦ ¦¦ U}
&j Home cf B^aUtrP?^j-s ftj
£jj MAIL ORDERS SOLICITED. KiSALOMON— The Mighty Conquerors
These three men— Llncol n, Garfield and McKin
ley—were peculiarly the type and character of men
that, even from an assassin's point of view, did
not justify assassination. Each had advanced from
the ranks of toil by the suffrages of his country
men. Each, In his own way. but in an unusual
degree, was kind, considerate, gentle and for
giving. It Js true that during the administra
tion of Abraham Lincoln the country was engaged
in one of the most fearful and lamentable wars
that ever'afflicttd anv people. But what could
have better illustrated the man, his real spirit and
love of peace than the closing words of his In
augural address:
"In your hands, my dissatisfied fellow-country
men, and not in mine, is the momentous Issue of
civil war. The Government will not assail you;
you can have no conflict without being your
selves the aggressors. You have no oath regis
tered In heaven to destroy the government; while
I shall nave the most solemn one to -preserve, protect and defend it.' .
If this people and this nation had existed only to give birth to Abraham
Lincoln, each would have Justified its existence. So long as history shall en
dure he will etand as an unanswerable contradiction to all who claim or as
sume that rank or station, opportunities, or even special preparation are essen
tial to the-greatest usefulness and success in a position of the greatest possible
responsibility and honor. No civilized man ever came into the world in greater
loneliness or poverty. He was born uPon the border and grew up along tno
ragged edges of civilization. Without e'-hools or churches, except of the poorest
and rudest, wholly without the supposed broadening influences of travel, know-
Ing only the advantages of that university of the outside world, that col lege
common to all of the American people, he showed himself the equal In skill,
patience endurance and true statesmanship of any man of any age or country.
When others, whose radical and sectional course had brought the country to
the verge of war and separation, recoiled In alarm from the responsibility of
the danger they had created he alone of all the leaders never faltered. In all
that pertained to the bonds of- affection that should have united his distracted
countrymen. In the memories *of the past, in the common interest of all. In
everything that tended toward peace and to avert war. he was vine and flower.
But in the performance of his duty as he saw it. in his adherence to his offi
cial oath. In the preservation of the Union as he found It, he was rock and oak.
In simplicity. In high character, in the possession of that characteristic we
call humanity or human nature he was the greatest character of all history.
Maay of the creat .orations of the world have been preserved. Two of these
are each, many times over, shorter than the others. Both of these were produc
tions cf Uncoln— his second Inaugural and his Gettysburg address.— From Nota
ble Speeches by Notable Speakers of the Greater West, published by the Whlta
ker & Ray Company.
MYERS— The Greater Grand Army
HE coming: National Encampment of the Grand
Army, of the Republic promises to bo an event of
much greater magnitude than that held In this city
In 1SSS. and owing to the fact that it will undoubt
edly be the last of Its kind held on this coaat will
possess an unusual Interest to many thousands.
From 'the shores of the 'Atlantic, from the North
ern Lakes to the Gulf of Mexico, from almost every
city, town and hamlet of that great domain lying
east of the Rscklea. will come the grim, grizzled
and white-haired old veterans who fought during
the eventful period of the Civil War, now ended
nearly forty years ago. T^ese will present an ob
ject lesson of patriotism to the young and growing
generation, .who will see in the bent and broken
forms those who stood together In the shock of
battle for the preservation of a Union handed down
to them as a priceless heritage by their forefathers
of a century and a quarter ago; will see the ones
wh* fought— Americans against Americana, fathers
against eons and brothers against brothers; fought those whose mistaken belief ir,
State right doctrine influenced. them to seek for the destruction of the Union,
which has now become as dear to those valiant men who wore the gray as to th«
S&V.ant defenders of Old Glory, who wore the blue.
Many empty sleeves and artificial limbs will this coming week bear silent testi-
m °>?? *?v t.u ero , l * m °/ " lo » e who stood »n the front ranks of battle ready to di«
and to the liberality of California' and the citizens of San Francisco they will owe
an obligation, for it permits the veterans an opportunity to again re-establish theij
bivouacs. May the glow of their campflres this week light up with Joy the face
of those gallant soldiers and sailors of the Civil War whose Imperishable deedi
caved us & Union that Is now leading the world in the light of civilization
mmfdM^WmSM Commander Garfleld Post. r. a t*
CHIPMAN— The Sacred Brotherhood
I do not think it is overstating the fact when I de
clare that the sentiment of comradeship among the
Jnion veterans of the Civil War is stronger than
my other bond of friendship known to the social
relations of men; and among the numerous fra
ternal organizations in this country I know of
aone where so sacred a feeling of brotherhood
sxists as in the Grand Army of the Republic. I
never meet a man wearing the bronze Grand Army
button without experiencing an instinctive desire
to exchange salutations with him. That little tal
isman awakens in my mind unconsciously a flood
Df memories the most precious in my life, and
¦peaks to me of the most important epoch in our
nation's history. That little," modest, unostenta
tious insignia, worn by our comrades as a> badge
of membership, has a significance far more hon
orable than any decoration or symbol worn by the
members of any fraternal society to which men
may attach themselves. '
My frlenda, it Is dllllcult to realize how rapidly the survivors of the Civil
War are passing away from these earthly scenes: It Is easy to fix the day, not
far distant, when the last remaining veteran of the Union army will have been
called to Join his comrades In the realms of eternal life. The muster roll of
the Grand Army In the year 1890 showed a membership of 400,489. The roll at the
close of the year 1900 showed 276.662. In a decade 123.S27 had ceased to answer
roll call. Thirty per cent of our number died in a brief ten years.
There is something mournfully pathetic in the thought that a splendid or
ganization like thei Grand Army of the Republic, with such an illustrious his
tory, should have so brief an existence; that post after post must .surrender its
charter: that department after department. must close Its headquarters; that the
occasion for a national encampment must soon pass away, and that members
of-the Grand Army will be found only in small groups scattered over this broad
land, until finally the nation will search out the small remaining band— the last
remnant of that Grand Army that saved the Union— and will honor them as
never men have been honored, and will tenderly guard them until the Great
Reaper shall have summoned them to Join their comrades "in that undiscovered
country, from whose bourne no traveler returns."
BOOTH— The Voice of Freedom
The place where we had assembled is eloquent
with the voice of • freedom. Liberty is nature's
gospel, and the mountains are among the grandest
of its teachers. Mountains were consecrated by
the presence of God when he r§y*aled*hlrnself to
Moses upon Sinai; they were baptized with Nthe
blood of our Savior when he died upon Calvary.
They are associated with the grandest passages
of history. In their rocky fastnesses freedom has
ever taken refuge In her weakness until she coull
grow strong enough to battle for her rights upon
the plains. To-day, before these great altars na
ture has built to liberty, in this favored region
that has never known the presence of a king
or footprint of a slave, we have'gathered together,
without -one pulse, of, trembling: for our country's
fate . without one thrill of fear for its destiny,
with no foreboding of eventual danger from lurk-
In* lightnings In gathering clouds; we are here
to ; cslebr ate a nation's birthday, not . to contem-
We are still laylnr bare the colden treasures of the mountains, and develop
ing the agricultural riches of the plain a. but our hearts are 111 at ease. Again
our brethren are in the field. , K very breeze that sweeps from the East brings
to our ears the clash, of resounding arms." Armies are mustering, such as the
continent has never, known before, not now to repel foreign Invasion, nor carry
the terrors of the republio into unfriendly lands, but sons of the sires who
fought at Bunker Hill anu Yorktown, at Moultrte and Saratoga, - have met In
deadly. conflict over the torn and bloody garment* of the nation's- glory, around
the tombof Washington.— From "Notable * Speeches by Notable Speakers i of - the
The annual encampments of the Grand Army
of the Republic are of course of greater Interest to
the members of the organization than to others.
This Interest depends somewhat upon the locality
where the encampment Is held. The only gather
ing of this kind ever held on the Pacific Coast
was the Twentieth National Encampment held In
this city In August, 1S8«. California generally and
Ban Francisco particularly established at that time
a reputation for such magnificent and lavish hos
pitality that at every succeeding encampment It
was talked of as th© grandest and most memor
able gathering In the history of the order. When.
therefore, at the encampment of Washington last
September San Francisco offered to entertain th»
veterans every competitor for this honor dropped
out of the field, and our city by the Golden Gat*
was almost unanimously chosen.
Of course, our Eastern comrade, expect treat
things of us. and our committees are vror*lard*Z
and night so that their expectations may be realized. ""* flay
Our illuminations and decorations will surpass anything mvmr ¦*•» *~ *v *
line. Our hospitality is proverbial and iu standard will not be IowUS «lt*
week. Lincoln. Thomas. Garfleld and Meade posts ar e making great ™^
and will keep open house the whole week to entertain ourvtsltorsT '"P"*" 00 *
Two great parades, one of a general nature and one conslstlnr at n™^
Army men only, will be had on the 18th and 19th lnst. Neighboring itiS^S*
with each other for the opportunity to entertain our ySSSSrSS ? **
excursions are planned for the pleasure of th* veterans * " a nu »e«»i*
A feature which adds greatly to the Interest to this •ne»m««,«,»
members of the Grand Army of the Republic Is the fact tSSTSS!?* WBOn *
panUation of the great army and navy of Ma-a Is rrowiJuS , £*'
partment of California. In 1S87-S8 the writer was commnK £, £«£* D f
As such he presented a tabulated statement to the den«rt£.,,r ° eD *rtnient.
which showed that 1107 regiments of Infantry. lS8rtglmenS^r ?^v!? Cam S> ment «
terles of artillery and 36 Independent organizations Jil iSSnfL™ *£ H 9 bat
ments of white. S9 regiments of colored and I SjrlmeX. at ™ F* * *"*"
resrular army, as well. as 12S ships of war-In all 1632 dlffir.nf ~ ****** **•
represented in tha membership of the Department ofkiifnli commands werq
Late Bt. Brig. Gen. U. S. Vols.. hSS^S^S'^SSS^
KAHN— Hail to the War H - M _-
Hall to the heroes of the QvU Warl A «
generation ha, grown to man'. -uu^Li ST*
performed their deed. o r valor on
fought field, and a. we read the paie??f h&S
that record their noble deed, our heart, throb 2
Quicker pulsations, our cheeki burn with new
born pride, our eyes gleam with added luster for
we realize that these men. Americans all-if' no t
by birth, at least In spirit-gave to the world an
exhibition of vaior. and •nthu S ,a,m. and £«£
ism. such as never befor© had been witnessed
since time began! They are rapidly approaching
the evening: of life, for them the shadow. a«
lengthening, the lights are growing dim, D .'
will aoon be sounded, and all will be well with
them! But their acts, their deeds, their unselfish
devotion to their country's cause will be an' In-
Bptratton and an example to millions yet unborn
mb r =^m^>m*^r^.\m® Two ec ? r * *«*« have roll* by since the scenes
In which these . men were the principal participants were enacted Tn«
asperity, the hatred, the rancor of those days has happily been "burlM
In oblivion. Men ' of the South have learned to understand hltt^ttz.
men! of the North, while those of the North, have discovered I that thVip
Southern brethren were Imbued with equally high motives as themaelvM »rh ~
eaw things from different viewpoints, and the arbitrament of arms was nrobahlTr
the only solution of the problems that distracted the nation. Possibly dema
gogylln the North as well as in the South was responsible for much of thVhlt
terness. and. all too long protracted the 'struggle and kept alive the flre« of
enmity. But. after the struggle was over our country, thanks to wiser counsel
arose phoenlx-like from the ashes of that fratricidal strife, and since then «h«
has been soaring to higher and higher endeavor. In the great cau» of llbertS
and humanity. utterly
May Bhe, In every crisis, still have such nob!* defender* u sh* feaA dnrtn«
"those days that tried men's souls." .when brother was arrayed aralnstbroSf?
friend against frien«L May the God of battles still bri^his oSss, n Js Son
American arms and American valor. May the American soldier forever standa.
counS?s P wtlf O a f re iKht * thegUardlaaOfhlS C * Untr7 ' § ><*£ t^'pro^cto^f *Z
And we. on this Western frontier, with the broad Padfla roi«n» ¦? t*n* e»»t
proudly welcome the Gran* Army of the Republteto SfhUffll ."hore^ ?S
SHORT— Preserve, Protect and Defend
GEMS OF ORATORY INSPIRED
Treasurable Excerpts From Brilliant War Speeches by Gen.
N. P. Chipman, Newton Booth, Julius Kahn, Frank H.
Short Edward S. Salomon and Frank Elliott Myers
SIEGE OF VICKSBUR.G— Storming the Confederate EmbaUlements.- From ihuistrup's Famous Painting.
t!be SUNDAY CALI*
6THE SUNDAY CALL,
Notable Quotations From Patriotic and Memorial Addressee
of Abraham Lincoln, Henry Ward Beecher, John A. Logan,
William McKmley, Benjamin Harrison and J. A. Garfield
BY THE TERRIBLE REBELLION
¦ — .-.V^i* ¦ . ¦ ' ¦-'.¦¦•--.
SHERMAH'S MARCH TO THE SEA— r «»m a Steel Engraving by F. 0. C. Darley. Copyrighted, 1883, by J. P. Fitch, Publisher, Hartford, Conn.
GARFIELD— Crowns for 'the Dead,
HARRISON— May God Forbid.
BEECHER- The Earth Reeled.
Address to tue Grand Army at Indianapolis, September 4, 1809.
I see before me men who stood with Thomas la
the last shock at Chlckamaug*.. who' hurled back
that advancing and, for a time. Irresistible wavj
it rebel bayonets that' threatened to sweep our
army Into the Tennessee. I look Into the faces of
men to-night who stood in the bloody angrle at
Gettysburg and threw back the- desperate chars*
that, had It won, woud have opened WBabtaftoa
to the rebel army. . I
I look Into the faces of men to-night who, ta
their Individual service In the army, hare per
formed deeds of heroism and courage; who, riding
with flashing saber over rebel guns, have carried
the Stars and Stripes to victory. \
¦"" I look Into the faces of men who, at the bayo
net's point, have pushed back their* country's
enemies and* have planted Its flag on rebel ram
parts. V
» iook mto the races or men who have j shed their blood and dropped their
limbs upon the battlefield, and who walk among us to-night, maimed, dismem
bered, that the honor of the flag might be untarnished and the Union unbroken,
t Our hearts and our homes are open to you. If we bowed the knee to any.
It would be to you. , .--•¦-¦ •
Can It be possible that, while the survivors of this great struggle are itfll
with us, while they walk our streets, a generation has , come on forgetful of
their great achievements? Has the moth *of ' avarice, the canker of greed, to
eaten Into the hearts of this generation that they are unmindful of these men?
God forbid! -
Th6 American soldier of the civil war has not been commercially greedy.
He was not. tempted to service by his monthly stipend.
If there had been no other Impulse than eleven or thirteen dollars & month
we should have bad no army. • The men who went to the front were not Im
pelled by sordid purposes or hope of gain. And when the war was over their
thought was not of dependence upon the Government, but upon their. own right
arms.
.1 saw that great parade, with the gallant and lamented General Sherman at
Its head, sweep by the treasury of the United States, and there was not a greedy
eye turned toward It. Every eye was toward home, and the hurrying footsteps
were "bent thither. Every boy who had been spared In the great struggle was
anxious i to he again at the plow or inthe shop or in the office to take up again
the. work he had laid down that his country might live..
. Their, hearts went faster than the quickstep of the march, on to the humble
homes from which they had gone out. to the lovtd ones they had left there.
;The Grand Army of the Republic has rightly claimed that the man who fell
by the^way in the battle of life, from disease, or casualty, or advancing years,
and lost the capacity to maintain himself, should be cared for by the nation he
helped to save, and not be dependent upon the township poor fund.
Delivered April 14. 1865, at the Raising of the Flag Over Fort Sumter.
Since the flag: went down on that dark day who
shall tell the mighty woes that have made this
land a spectacle to angels and men? The soil has
drunk blood and la slutted. Millions mourn for
myriads slain, or. envying the dead, pray "for obliv
ion. Towns and villages have been razed. Fruitful
fields have been turned back to wilderness. It
came to pass, as the prophet said:
"The sun waa turned to darkness and the moon
to blood." ' ; :*. : £ '
The course of law was- ended. The sword
eat chief magistrate In half the nation; Industry
was paralyzed: morals corrupted; the public weal
invaded by rapine and anarchy; whole States rav
aged by avenging armies. The world was amazed.
The earth reeled.
¦ ¦ When the flag sank her* It was as If political
night had come, and all the beasts of prey had
come forth to devour. That »ong night Is ended.
¦,., mm _^, _ j^ -s. And lor this returning day we have come from
afar'totrejolee- and give thanks.
.'-No; more] war. No more accursed secession. No more slavery, that spawned
; them* both. ?,.-'.. . :
lJ± Let, no; man misread the meaning of this unfolding flag. It says:
.'.'Government has "returned hither." - . ¦-.-
We Invoke peace upon the North! Peace be to the West! Peace be upon
the!. South! . . :
• v^-"iln the name of God we. lift up our banner and dedicate it to peace, union and
LOGAN— Stand by Your Country.
McKINLEY— Glorious Old Flag.
LINCOLN— Malice Toward None
Second Inaugural Address, Delivered March 4, 1865.
Oration Delivered at Dedication of a Soldiers' Monument at Cleveland
July 4, 1894.
Great Union Oration Delivered at Chicago August 10, 1863.
I appeal to and entreat ' you \ all. 1 my country
men, by all that you hold sacred,, by ;^ the ;\slorlua
memories of the pas\ the once bright hopes^of the
future, by the memory of the gallant .
• have fallen on the gory fields of the South;>,by;th©
wounded and Buffering who still languish ln -9 u ' r
midst, by the sorrow and mourning tliat this, wick
ed rebellion . hag brought upon our. once] happy and
favored land-^to be faithful,' vigilant, untiring, un-"
swerving, determined. :'. . . -K^^SjpKB
Come what may, dare to be men and do what Is .
right. Stand by^your country |. In _ all her trialV'
at every hazard or at any cost.
Let lt,not be said that those glorious, boys who
now sleep beneath the red clays of the' South,' or
the green sod of our own loved* State, have died ln
vain. ' . ,-¦/•¦./'.-¦ . . «--' :? *
With ; renewed - real and fervor give such.- aid '
: end assistance , to the Government- ahd#army^ ot
.^wj . the United States, In the prosecutfott'.oif;thl8 war;;
as will cauie that banner, again to float In' triumph upon every JiUlVand-moun
tain top and In. every vale, from th> north to the south, from the east to the wesC
May its untarnished escutcheon Wss e.v«ry br*e?* that Is J wafted /froinU the
balmy waters of the South to the ; f roren reirlons of the North, or; that: conrea
from tha golden plains of the' far West. to- mingle with those ofthe"East. : *May
It be unfurled In honor and pride upon, every ocean/where^ civillzatlonShasceTMir
trated, and stand Bide by side with the banners of the' proudest Y emplfes of; the
is it any »u" u " •.•*€•>. ».»•«» »»-— -~ — — —
flag under whoso folds he fought and for which
his comrades shed so much blood? . He lovea 11
for what it is and for what It represents. It era
vxlieB the purposes and history of the Govern
ment itself. It records the achievements of its de
fenders upon land and sea. It heralds the herolsir
and sacrifices of our revolutionary fathers, whc
planted free government on this "continent and
dedicated It to liberty forever. It attests the strug
gles of our array and the valor of our citizens ir
all the wars of the republic. It has been sancti
fied by the blood of our best and our bravest. II
records the achievements of Washington and the
martyrdom of Lincoln. It has been bathed in tb<
tears of a sorrowing people. It has been glorified
In the hearts of a freedom-loving people, not onl)
at home, but in every part of the world. Our flag
expresses more than any other flag; It means mor<
-«..— *m~- than arty other national emblem. It expresses th<
will of a free people, and proclaims that they are supreme and that they ac
knowledge no earthly sovereign but themselves. It never was assaulted tha'
thousands did not rise up to smite the assailant. Glorious old banner!
What does this soldiers' and sailors' monument mean?
It means the Immortal principle. of patriotism. It means love of country
It means sacrifices for the country we love. It means, not only love of coun
try, but love of liberty! This alone could have inspired over 2,800.000 Unlor
soldiers to leave home and family and to offer to die if need be for our im
periled Institutions.
Love of country alone could have inspired 200,000. men to die for the Union
Nothing less sacred than this love of country could have sustained 175.000 brav«
men, who suffered and starved and died in rebel prisons. Nor could anything
else have given comfort to the 600,000 maimed and diseased who escaped imme
diate death in siege and battle to end in torment the remainder of their patriot
lives. It Is a noble patriotism.
On the occasion corresponding to this, four
rears ago, all thoughts were anxiously directed to
an impending civil war. All dreaded It All sought
to avoid It. While the Inaugural address was be
ing delivered from this place, devoted altogether
to saving the Union without war, the insurgent
agents were in the city seeking to destroy it with
out war— seeking to dissolve the Union and divide
the effects by negotiating.
Both parties deprecated war, but one of them
would make war rather than let It perish, and
war came. * ¦"'•¦-•.':/ *
One-eighth of the whole population were col
ored slaves, rot distributed generally over the
Union, but located in the southern part.. These
slaves contributed a ' peculiar and powerful Inter
est. All knew the Interest would somehow cause
war. To strengthen, perpetuate and extend thl3
interest was the object for which the Insurgents
would rend the Union by war, while the Govern
ment claimed no right to do more- than restrict th» territorial enlargement of it.
Neither party expected the magnitude or duration which it has already at
tained: neither anticipated that the cause of the conflict might cease even be
fore the conflict Itself should cease. Each looked for an easier triumph and a
result less fundamental and astonishing. Beth read the came Bible and pray
to the same God. Each Invokes his aid against the other.
It may eeem strange that any man should daro to ask a Just Gods as
sistance In wringing bread from the sweat of other men's faces: but let us
Judge not, that we be not Judged. The prayer of both should not be enswerert;
that of neither has been answered fully, for the Almighty has his own- pur
poses.
"Woe unto the world because of offenses, for it must needs be that offenses
come: but woe unto that man by whom the offense comelh."
W'th malice toward none, with charity for all, with firmness in the right,
as God gives us to see the right, let us strive on to finish the work we are In;
to bind up the nation's wounds, to care for him who shall have borne the bat
tle and for his widow and orphans; to do all which may achieve and cherish
a just and a lasting neace among ourselves and with all nations.
1 am oppr^astd with'a sense of the impropriety
of uttering words on this cccaalon. If silence Is
ever golden It must be here btelde the graves of
15.000 men, whose lives were more significant than
speech, and 'who've death was a poem, the music
of which can- never be Bung. . t
With words we make ptomls«s,' plight - faith,
praise virtue. Promise.* may not be kept; plighted
faith may b.e broken; and vaunted -virtue be only
the cunnihg»ma5k of vice. .We do. not know one.
promise these men made, one pledge they gave,
one word they spoke; but we do" know they
summed upland perfected, by -one supreme act.
the highest virtues of men and cltixens. For iovo
of "country, they accepted death, and thus re-
Eolved ail doubts and made Immortal their patriot
ism and their' virtue. For the noblest man that
lives, there still remains a conflict. He must still
withstand the assaults of tlma and fortune— must
--^. ¦¦¦ . still be. assailed with temptations. before which
lofty natures have fallen: but with these, the conflict ended, the victory was
won when death stamped on them the prcat seal of 'heroic character, and
closed a record which years can never blot.
Consider this silent assembly of the dead. "What dees it represent?
It is an epjtome of the war. Here are sheaves reaped in the harvest of death
from every battlefield of Virginia, If each grave had a voice to tell us what
lt» silent tenant laet saw and heard on earth, we -might stand, with uncovered
heads, and hear the whole story of the war. We should hear that one perished
when the first great drops of the crimson shower began to fall, when the dark
ness of that first disaster at Manassas fell like an eclipse on the nation;., that
another died of disease while wearily waiting for winter to end; that this one
fell on the field lit sight of the eplres of Richmond, little dreaming. that the
flag must be carried through threa more years of .tjlood before ; it should be
planted in that citadel of treason; anj that one fell when the tide of war had
swept us back till the roar of , the ''rebel guns shook the. dome; of, yonder capltbl
nnd re-echoed in the chambers of the executive mansion- We' shbuld^hear 4 mingled
voices from the Rappahannock, the Rapidan. the Chickahominy^ and the James,
solemn voices from the Wilderness and -triumphant;, shouts: from! the ,;"Shenan
doah, from Petersburg and the Five Forks."; mingled with, the- wlld^, acclaim of
vlotory and the sweet chorus of returning peace. The voices of these dead will
foraver fill tha land llkn hnlv benedictions.* " . : "_ : .;": ..
Oration Delivered at Arlin ton. Va., LCay 30, 1868.
7If they had
lied— And then
¦he almost
laughed in bitter
mirth; for what
could she do If the
had lied? She was out
In the river now. and there
was no going: back. Go back?
Let poor Richey be shot? Xever: Not
if she knew that moment that there
never had been a Eandbar and that the
river was a thousand milrs wide! The
horse was drifting again and the short
er, sharper intake of his breath told
that he was beginning to tire. Where
was the sandbar?
At last she made it out— a gray shad
ow on the waste of the level waters.
Thank God! they wsre well above it,
too. She moved the reins gently against
the horse's neck and he turned toward
it. .It seemed an hour before he struck
the sand, but at last he did and stood
panting on the little island.
• It grew lighter and lighter as she sat
there In the wet saddle, waiting for the
horse to recover his wind and his
strength. She wished that she could re
lease the animal of her weight, but the
cold water had numbed her so that
she was afraid to get off. But she felt
sure that he would carry her over now,
-
for it was not so far to the other sid«..
As the looked across she could see the
scattered houses of Missouri— and her
heart rcse hopefully at the mere sight'
cf her goal. Over there, back of those
brown hil'.s, was Judge Fagg and the
reprieve!
The light Increased, and looking down
the river she. saw that the ferryboat
had swung out from. the Illinois side
and was crossing on its first morning
trip. .The people on the ferry had evi-'
denlly seen her, for- she caught the
wave of something white, and heard a
faint halloo. But she watched them
with a grim smile, and stroked the
horse's head proudly and lovingly. A
few moments later she Judged the horse
ready, and once more rode .him Into
the water.
The hors* «wam even better than be
fore, drifting fewer times, as though he
had more confidence in his strength.
But a3 they gradually neared the other
side a new fear came to the girl's mind.
They, could not reach the town landing,
but must land farther down; and far
ther down the bluffs seemed to riso
IT was long after midnight when a girl
on a foaming horse galloped into a
little settlement on the Illinois nlde of
the Misslesippi and was stopped by a
soldier sentry at the ferry landing.
The girl wanted to cross the river: she
must cross the river, she told the sentry,
for ehe had to see Judge Fagg. the Pro-
Marshal of Missouri, before morning.
It was a case of lue and aeath — she had
already ridden from Rockport, thirty
five miles away, since 9 o'clock, and it
*~s.s Imperative that she go on. A per
mit? No. she hadn't one: but this was a
particular ca.se. Couldn't they cross her
without a permit?
The sentry lit a lantern, perhaps to see
if the girl's face was as sweet as her
thrilling. Insistent voice. He saw that
It was, even by that indifferent light, from
the black, waving hair to the parted red
lips. He saw. too. that her eyes were
large and flashed earnestly; wd perhaps
his refusal would have come harder could
h« hav* known how Intensely sky-blue
those eyes were, xiut at u was the sen
try regretted his orders and hammered
on a cearbv door to rout out his officer.
Tn» officer cam* forth, half dressed and
lU-bsmored. for he had been sleeping
soundly and the early morning air was
cola.
"Sorry, miss, but we can't do it. These
are war times, and we have strict orders
to pass no one without a permit. Get a
permit and the ferryi* take you."
"But that would take too long— I would
be too late!"
"Don't know about that. Can't help it,
anyway. You'll have to get a written
permit— or swim the river." The officer
was trying to be facetious.
Th« girl's heart raged within her. Oh.
these brutal soldiers! But she stilled her
anger. "I suppose I could swim the river.
1* It very wide here?" •
"Only about a mile and a half, not
counting the eand-bar in the middle." The
officer was plainly amused.
"The sand-bar! In which direction is
that?" The girl spoke quickly, as though
suddenly Interested.
The sentry lifted his lantern and pointed,
wishing as he did so that he was an ofij
cer so he could kick somebody. "Right
out there, miss; but no one can swim the
ilver, cf course."
The uplifted lantern had revealed the
pirls face more clearly to the officer and
his tone changed.
'I'm very sorry # mist, that we can't
let you cross, but orders are orders . in
war time. Perhaps if you go for a permit
*t once you wUl be able to cross in time
for your purpose."
The girl turned her horse. "Thank you,"
she said, speaking to the sentry. "I'll
see if I can get a permit." Then she rode
back through the eettlement and disap
peared In the darkness.
The officer went back to his bed. the
?entry returned to his post, but the girl
had turned her horse and was making- her
way up the river. Here were the"bo>
tom lands," and soon she had to dismount
and lead "her horse through the heavy
timber. What was ehe going to do? She
was going to swim the river! It really
was a case of life. and death, and her hot
Southern blood was up. Shortly after
the- war had broken "out 1 she and * her
mother had moved from Missouri into
Illinois, for they both eympathlzed with
the South, and that well-known sympathy
had gotten them into . trouble. The girl,
• 'assandra Manly, had been engaged to
Norton Bright, a fellow college-mate,
when the . run* of Sumter awoke the
country to tc« tragedy of war; but Bright
Joined the Union forces, was c<t2* captain
cf his company, and Cassandra, in her hot
partisanship for the South, broke off the
engagement and would have nothing more
to do with him. Her contemptuous treat
ment of him appeared to madden Bright,
and aftef be bad' seen David Richey, a
neighbor's eon, in the girl's company once
or twice his tpite and Jealousy caused
Rlchey** arrest. Judge Fagg, Provost
Marshal of Misouri, released Rlchey, for
the charge against him was unfounded,
his sympathy, in truth, being with the
North, though he had not yet proved it
by Joining the Northern army. But now
Rlchey had decided to obey the impulse
of his real feeling and had come over to
Illlnolt to # bld good-by to his old Southern
Kirl playmate before he marched away to
fight against the stars and bars. Here
Captain Bright had followed him with
another trumped-up charge and had ar
rested him at the Manly house In Rock
port, and Just by accident Cassandra had
overheard Bright and his lieutenant dls
cueslcg his case. They would not take
him back to Missouri; 'they would give
him a "trial" on the morrow and shoot
him at eundown. Cassandra h*d nearly
fainted «t the fearfully cold-blooded plot.
But her weakness lasted but a short time,
for ehe realized that something must be
done, and done at once, if Ricbey was to
be saved. She could think of nothing ex
cept to go to Judge Fagg and get a re
prieve, for the Judge knew Richey and
had released him before, and Bright and
his men being Missouri troops, were still
under the Jurisdiction of Provost Marshal
I'aee.
So here she was, after her thirty-five
nil!e ride from Rcckport, in the darkness
r,f the early ir.orr.ing, laboriously thread-
Ing her army through the heavily wooded
"bottoms," with her mind made up to
«wim her horse across the river. It was
z. wild undertaking, but Union or rebel,
she nz.s determined that ehe would gave
Rlchey If It were possible to do eo.
At last 5he reached a point up the riv
«r from which, allowing for natural drift
ing, the thought the horee could swim to
the sandbar. For they must get to the
sandbar to rest, for the horse wa3 al
ready wcaitej by its night run.
Under a huge sycamore she stopped and
taking tha skirt of her riding habit, which
?he had removed on entering the woodc,
*?ie rubbed the horse down and blanketed
him with it. Then she waited for day
light, ar.d at last it seemed to be coming.
Slowly the landscape lightened, until she
could distinguish objects. The time had
come! She rolled her skirts around her
waist and pinned them securely. She
then freed the horse's mouth of the bit,
mounted leg a*tr!de. and taking the uru
oal surcingle, passed It across her lap
acd buckled it tigh:, Uu's fastening her
tm)t to the saddle. No?/ sh» was ready.
j"cr a few moments she sat on the horae,
locking out over the river. She heard the
water whimpering along the shore as
thourh trying to warn her: and she knew,
as she heard it, what a desperate chance
sh« was taking. If the river were a mile
niri a.ht'f wide it would be a long swim
to that central sandbar. And who could
tell what, sort of, a horse she had? Ho
might prove anything but a swimmer.
Well, she must risk It — there was no
other way, and Richey must be saved..
Tt was light •'hough now for her to make,
the venture, though the farther shore
wftg still scarcely distinguishable and a
faint gray haze lay upon the water. She
bent over and patted the horse's neck
and then ursed him down the crumbling
bank to the river. He took, to the water
well at first, but at breast high it seemed
to frighten him. He sniffed at It; stopped,
and then with a loud snort began to
back. The girl's heart sank— he was go-
Ing to fail her. But she patted him soft
ly again, telling him that he must go,
and the animal seemed to understand,
for after dipping his nose into the stream
as it to assure himself that It was 'only
the stuff he drank every day. he auddenly
plunged forward and was soon swimming.
And what a swim for horse and rider!
In the haiy half-light of that early morn
ing the great flood of the mighty Missis
sippi seemed like some wide, moving sea.
The sandbar, somewhere out In the middle
of that waste of waters, could not be seen
in the dim light What if they had lied
to her and it wasn't there? What If she
drifted too far down stream and so missed
it? These fears and a hundred others
raced swiftly through the_glrl's mind as
6he clung tightly to the horn of the sad
dle, feeling the cold water washing
against her limbs and listening to the
snorting exhalation and the brief, sharp
intake of the horse's breath: v
Some horses 6wim low in the water,
with Just the eyes and cars and nostrils
free; but this horse was holding himself
well up, so that the water hardly touched
to the top of the saddle. And how splen
didly he swam! The heavily wooded shore
behind them was slowly receding and as
the girl strained her eyes looking ahead
she could make out more plainly each
moment the rugged bluffs and hills of the
Missouri side. But the water was fear
fully cold and the fresh wind of the river
chilled her through. Would they make
it? They must make it! She called be
seechingly to . the horse as . he stopped
swimming for a few moments and drift
ed with the current and the noble ani
mal, as though- understanding the . dire
necessity, began sv.lmmlng strongly
again.
They were well out in" the stream by
this time— the increased force of the cur
rent told her that- But -where was -
the sandbar?. Was there, ..
a sandbar? If they
bad lied. Oh, .
right out of the water. But the ferry. Peo
ple had spread the news that a* woman
was swimming the river an dalready sev
eral men and soldiers were running along
the' bank. As the horse brought her grad
ually nearer the girl saw that i'hese.peo
pie understood her danger, and were call-'
Ing to her to keep up stream as much as
possible. Then came The rear battle with
th« river! The current was' swifter, the
horse was tiring and the inexorable bluffs
were menacing grimly. • Must they fail
after all? Must they lose Just at the door
way of the goal? For aV, little -while' it
seemed so to both rider and watchers;
and then the horse seemed to realize him-,
eelf. that the supreme moment bad.ar
rived, and he swam fiercely. Five minutes
later a soldier caught him by the bridle,
and the horse, pawing heroically, gained
a footing on the rocky, bank! . .• '"/¦.
It was a : Union captain 'who unbuckled
the surcingle and lifted Cassandra from
the saddle. But her Southern" heart, had
no time to rebel, even when he chafed
her cold hands and looked into her brave
blue eyes with tremendous admiration.'
Nor 'did she refuse his arm up the steep
shore, for her legs were 'cramped and
stiff, and her skirts, how let down, again,
were heavy with water^and dragged stub
bornly. This was no time to show, scorn
or disdain; the day was advancing, and
she must see Judge Fagg as soon as pos
sible. She cut in sharply on the captain's
queries as to why ehe had made that des
perate swim 'across the river, telling him
that she had important business with
Judge Fagg,' and asking where he lived..
The captain was a decisive young man
captains had need to be in those days.
Perhaps had. Cassandra been less beauti
ful* he might have tarried with more
questions; but the flash of those blue eyes
told him that quick work counted here.
He got a horse for her. he lifted her
bodily to the saddle, and with an im
pulsive pressure of her hand, gave her
the brief, directions: "Straight through
town— a half, mile — big white gates— to
your left." And she went!
The gray-haired, grim-faced- provost
marshal listened t,o Cassandra's story
with grave attention. ; .
"Dave Richey? Why, I know his folks
—they're Union.-.' t released him before
because of that. Why is he under arrest
has he turned rebel?"
The girl flushed at the word "rebel,"
and her eyes flashed.
"No,' Judge Fagg; lie is not— a—
rebel!: But I .am, and proud of it."
And then she told him' the' entire-^
story— of the broken' engagement with '
Captain Bright, his -mad Jealousy of ¦•.
"Tour latest oati
burst duly received
per CUly. Mr. Toxxu*
my Green-Eyes. Praj"
don't subject your
self to heat and mos*
quitoes on my account.
"HELEN."
Th« note Billy carried
back read as follows:
"Thanks. I had no Inten*
tlon of Joins so. T. M. G."
Then for a week thera was
silence between them. Gray In
his anger cursed the Confederates
for lylne Idle on their arms Instead
of. making things so lively that ha
would have a chance to cool his rago on
them In buttle. But instead ho wa»
obliged to sit inactive In camp and daily
watch Helen Dennlson. and Hammett tha
foppish civilian go trotting alonp the Con
federate front on horseback. No wonder
he fumed.
Kut one evening when the whole town
was in a ferment over the well authen
ticated rumor of long impending battlo
to come o nthc morrow Gray heard a
mighty y»-lplrg and ki-yl-ing in the road
as he was skirting the camp on a final
round of inspection. He turned back to
find Billy rtnd a brindle bull terrier hard
at It. With judicious kicks he managed
to spt th«m apart, and then his heart
came into his throat, for attached to Bil
ly's collar was a bit of violet envelope.
Gray snatched it e.icerly. It hail been
*adly mutilated In the fray, but a few
words in one corner of the paper wero
still legible.
"I'm in terror over what might happen
to-morrow. I w:is just trying to make you
j*alous." he read, ami In another place h»»
made out, "I'm lonesome for you, you,
foolish "
Miss Helen Dennison. sitting on the broad
varanda of the cottage, saw a stranga
outfit trotting sedately across the lawn.
It was Billy— a wreath of oak leaves
about his neck, and tl*>d to hl.<* tall a small
5llk flag which fluttered bravely in tha
bretze. Prominent ois. the oak wreath
was an envelope addressed to herself:
"My dear Helen." «he rend, and laughed
softly; "I received but the merest frag
ments of your note, for Hilly tried con
clusions with a bull terrier »wtth disas
trous results. Nevertheless enough re
mained to Kive me considerable enlight
enment. Billy's appparHnr* when hn
reaches you— if he do*«nt get into other
difficulties on the way— la the result of
my poor attempt to express my state of
mind. We'd better make it as early r S
possible and spend our honeymoon before
your *rebs* get me." " lul8
And Lieutenant Thomas Morley Ora»
who strode uj> the gravel w»iv a» «k i
moment, teheld BlllyV^l&fro'JK
embrace of a youn* woman, who blushed
furiously as she saw him .landing XS2
David Jtichey:
Jiotv Rlchey had
wme up merely. to tell
hp r"good-by before he joined
tho Union army, and how
Bright had followed him with a
trumped-up charge. And before she
had entirely done the Judge was writing
rapidly. ':';'¦'. L : ¦
Within the hour Cassandraand the Judge
appeared at the ferry, and this time the girl
had a permit to' cross— and another/ paper-^the
reprieve— was pinned under her bodice. The Judge
gave her an escort, also, and' directed that a good
horse be supplied "> her on the other side. "And I know
Jtiat; brave Southern heart of yours will carry you there
time," he said as ho bade her i good-by. "The Sputh
r'rong, but God .bless .its: brave: women. Try to think
better of us, my girl— we are not all BrLghts: That Richey
boy is worthy of us, and I;shall hear; proud; things from
f" both of you when, this War is cnde'd<'l-» Then, ¦: much to the
"Union Captain's envy, lie kissed her cheek as the ferry started.
It was the 1 morning of that tragic day, April 15, 1S63, when
d«d this he
t grunted disgust
edly and uttered an
expletive under his breath.
It. had required pluck to get
through hostile lines— for what?
When an hour had passed — a long,
dragging hfiur, during which he had al
ternately fann<"i himself with his hat and
waged unejiu*ri wnbat, with the mosqui
toes, which, ti^r.plte the .smoke, had de
clared hostilities— Gray put on his hat
with a determined air and slid down from
the fence. As he did so he saw a cloud
of dust moving along the roadway in his
direction. Then out " of the dust-cloud
emerged a yellow dog, trotting along
heavily with bis tongue lolling from his
mouth.
At the sight of the man the dog gave
vent to a aeries of Joyful barks; he came
the remaining distance in long bounds,
and when he reached the man he stood
before him, his tall In violent .motion.
"Billy," said Gray, stooping to pat the
panting beast, "good old Billy. What—
what the— "he broke off suddenly In sur
prise, for tied to th« dog's collar was a
violet envelope r of small dimensions and
the ¦ superscription . on : It was his own
rame. Gray snatched the envelope and
tore it open." ; '.",'¦
"Dear old Tommy," he read.
"Humph," v hV _ Interpolated. "I know
these 'dear old Tommies'— trouble." lie
again turned to the note..
"I can't read Chaucer beneath the big
, : - - *
* T WAS dose and sultry; no breath of
I air stirred the pines, and the mullcin-
I ..'stalks ' beside the roadway were
' r drooped flat to earth. Even the drone
¦"; of , the locusts seemed faint and dis
pirited, and the occasional cry of a blue-
Jay, in the woods was far more in the na
ture of a protest than anything else. Ail
Nature seemed oblivious to strife.
Even Lieutenant Thomas Morley Gray,
as he sat smoking very methodically— as
he did all things— upon the top rider of a
rickety rail fence beside the roadway, ap
peared as utterly ignorant that two great
armies in blue and gray were doggedly
facing each other in serried ranks not
more than three; miles away, notwith
standing that he himself wore a uniform
whose color belled^hls name— a uniform
• '. perhaps a little, the 'worse ¦'. for hard ser
.. vice. .• .
A huge pine shaded his perch, but for
all Gray was perspiring and evldent
. ly ill at ease. Every few minutes he
looked at his watch, and every time "he
By Barry Paine.
pine tree with you this afternoon bec*os#.
I'm going out riding with Mr. Bennett.
Excuse haste and brevity, but be is waiU
ing for me now. I shall show Billy you*
gauntlets here and tell him to find you.
which I'm sure he'll do. Now don't b«
angry and make me call you Tommz
Green-Eyes* again.
"Trusting Billy may find you soon,
"HELEN."
Gray surveyed th« cloudless sky tot
several tumultuous moments.
"Now, wouldn't that—" he began, Th4
sentence died In an inane gurgl©, whH«
Gray's face grew .wrathfully red and
great beads of perspiration stood on his
forehead. Then he tore a leaf from his
notebook, hastily scrawled a few wordsj
and tied it to Billy's collar, wher« th«
other note had reposed.
lie arose, and, followed by th» dor,
stalked down the road. When they cam*
to the fork Gray pointed down the left
hand road and said sternly, "Home. Bil
ly. -Home, sir." After he had watched
the dos trot off dejectedly Into the dust
he himself went slowly up the other road
to sneak his way Lack to his company'*
bivouac.
I-ate that evenhis Billy scrambled into
the hammock where his mistress lay. Sfce
saw the note and In the dim light from
the window beside her read these words:
"My dear Helen:
"I trust you'll have a pleasant after
noon. Undoubtedly it will- be much pre
ferable" to Chaucer beneath j tho pine.
Billy reached me after I had waited
several hours for you. The tim« passed
very pleasantly, thanka to the vil
lainous heat and swarms of famine
stricken mosquitoes. Beins the soul of
deVotion, I shall. bo delighted any aft
ernoon !h the futaire to go through tho
Inquisition again for the saka of tho
reward of a similar note, telling m«
you are rldlngr with the latest arrival
In town. THOMAS M. GFwA.Y."
Tho nest afternoon, as Gray was
getting hi3 men in order for a
threatened s^attack of_ th« "rebs."
Hilly again came trotting up with
thft violet envelope attached to his
collar. In the shade of soma
sumach bushes Gray snatched
the time to read tho coo
tents.
••BILLY/' THE BLOCKADE RUNNER.
In the strueel* of separation: now that
Mason and Dixon's line was swept out and
the fires of .passion had fallen— could he
not hope now to win Cassandra's love and
teach her something of the wonderful hu
manity of Lincoln? He remembered whers
she and her mother had lived, artd • h«
walked slowly on to the house.
Cassandra was standing on the porch as
he opened the little gate. She recognized
him In spite of the change* that
had befallen him, and came for
ward with a look on hex fac«
that told It3 own story of remem
brance. And just' as he bent to.kUs her
a man ran up the street, calling som«
news excitedly. Seeing the colonel's uni
form, the man called the news to them:
"Lincoln is dead! Shot last night and
died this morning!"
"My God!" exclaimed Richey. Then h«
felt a heavy weight against fclm. and,
looking down, realized that Cassaafir*
was sobbing bitterly. *._«*,
The girl of the South had been tamed*
the great heart of Lincoln had already
taught its lesson of love!
Colonel David Rlchey walked slowly
down one of the little streets of Rock
port, Illinois. Lee and Johnson had
surrendered— the fearful war had final
ly come to an end. Colonel Rich
ey had been with : the lron-souled
Grant, but had not been able to stay with
him until the heroic tenacity of the man
had conquered over the almost Insur
mountable difficulties of that Ions cam
paign and he had seen the brave Lee lay
down his arms. For Rlchey had been
wounded and was just recovering: when
peace was declared. As he walked down
the street that morning' he thought 'of the
last time he had been- In this little town,
and h* wondered if he would be able to
find Cassandra Manly, and if sho was still
the fiery Southerner she was even when
she swam the Mississippi and brought his
reprieve. "What a brave deed that had
been! Had she loved htm with all her
heart she. could not have dared more for
him. But' now that the war was over—
now that there was no South and no
North, but only one great country, even
tually to be united by the very blcod shed
THE SUNDAY CALL.
8
A GIRL OF THE SOUTHOn Wednesday. July 1, the storm broke.
We were brimming over with patriotic
enthusiasm.
On May «. 18S3. I finished a nine
months' term as second assistant to the
principal of our echools. Of the experi
ences of the Inhabitants of Uie southern
border counties of our State during that
eprlng and summer, I need not epeak.
Business of all kinds was paralyzed, and
the dally reports of the coming of tht
rebels kept us in a constant fev«»r of ex
citement. On June 26 they came, spc.it
the night and passed through toward
Harrisburg, burning bridges and spread
ing consternation everywhere. Little we
dreamed of the far greater horrors that
were in store for us.
1WAS not an enlisted nurse. At the
ti raking out of the war I was a
teacher In the public schools of Get
tysburg, my native place, and thw
home of my maternal ancestors, who
were Its fJrst settlers.
the order: "Women and children to the
cellars: the rebels will shell the town."
We lost little time In obeying the order.
My home was on West High street, near
Washington, and in the direct path of the
retreat.
From 4 to 6 we were in the collar, and
those two hours I can never forget. Our
cellar was a very good one and furnlfheil
a refuge for many besides our own family.
The noise above our heads, the rattle of
musketry, the screeching of shells and
the unearthly yells, added to the cries
and terror of the children, were enough
to shake the stoutest heart. I am sure
that never were more fervent prayers
borne heavenward- ¦
After the' rebels had gained full posses
sion of the towp some of our men who
had been taken prisoners were 1 standing
near tbt cellar window. Onn of them
asked if t=ome of us would take their ad
dresses, and the addresses of frlenda, and*
write to them of their capture. I took
thirteen and wrote as they requested. I
received answers from all but one, and
several of the soldiers revisited the plare <
of their capture and recognized the house
and the cellar window.
While the battle lasted we concealed I
and fed three men in our cellar. <
This is not the place to tell of the horri
ble sights which met our eyes when wo
were allowed to come above ground. (
The Roman Catholic Church and the
United Presbyterian Church, a few doors
east of us, on opposite sides of the street,
had been taken possession of as hospitals.
Dr. James pulton, assistant surgeon of
the Oue Hundred and Forty-third Penn
sylvania Volunteers, had been working
hard to get things In some sort of shape
for the wounded, who were rapidly filling
the churches. He asked mother's permis-
Fion to use our kitchen and cook stove
for them. It was gladly given and from
that time we knew no rest, day nor nighf,
fur many long weeks.
On Thursday morning Dr. Fulton camo
to us and said: "Girls, you must come
up to the churches. Our boys arc suftW
lng for want of attention." L'p to thy',
time I thought I could do nothing except
work out of sight of the wounded, out I
could not resist that call.
I went into the Roman Catholic Church.
The men were scattered all over it, some
lying in the pews and some on the bare
floor. The suffering and groans of the
wounded and dying were terrible to seo
uvtl hear.
I. knelt by the first one inside the. door
and said: "What can 1 do for you?" He
looked up at me with mournful, tearless
eyes, and said: "Nothing; 1 am going to
die."
To be met thus' by the first one I ad
dressed was more than my overwrought
nerves could bear and I went hastily out.
sat down on the church step,, and— cried.
In a little while, by a great effort, 1
read the fourtemrh chapter of John. His
fatht-r- had' read It the last morning they
knelt together around their family altar.
He asked me to take their addresses and
send them his dying message of love.
Later in the day, at his request, the
surgton allowed me to remove him to
my father's house.
That night we were again ordered to the
eeltarJ I could not leave him to suffer
In the stifllnK atmosphere; t'or we were
obliged to c!o*e all doors and windows.
While fanning him. being in an uncom
fortable position.' I changed It and a mo
ment later a ball struck the floor where
I had been sitting, scattering over us the
plaster which It displaced. He insisted
on my going to the ¦ cellar— said nothing
could save his life and I must not risk
mine— but I. 'could not leave him.
He lingered until Monday, July 6. His
two, churches I have named. We had
twelve In. all, and two deaths. ' :,
The sight of blood never again affected
me and I was among wounded and dying
men day,, and night,;. While the\battle
lasted and the town was In possession of
the rebels 1 went back and forth between
my home and the hospitals without fear.
The 50ldlers called me brave, but I am
afraid* the truth was that I did not know
enough to be afraid and If I had known
enough I had no time to think of the
risks I ran, for my heart and my hands
were full.
Among my most precious possessions
are the passes which admitted me^to any
hospital at any time, until the last hos
pital had been broken up. i
General Huidekoper. who lost an arm.
and Colonel Chamberlain of the One
Hundred and Fiftieth Pennsylvania Vol-
GETTy§BUR.G o<3> ]?icli©t f S ITS»22I©^JiS CtlS^S^©— •*«** a Painting by. F. D. Briscoe. Copyrighted, lB^Q, by J. Hoover.
;ontrolled myself, re-entered the hospital
ind spoke again to the dying man. He
was wounded in the lungs and spine and
here was not the slightest hope.
He was Sergeant Alexander Stewart of
he One , Hundred and Forty-ninth Penn
lylvanla Volunteers. He told me of his
lome, of his aged father and mother, of
lls wife and of his younger and only
mother, who had. enlisted with him, but
lad been severely injured in' the line of
tuty a few months before, and' was then
it home unable to walk. He asked me to
ancestors were among. the early settlers
of our country, and be .was buried . in the
United Presbyterian graveyard, near the
church in which his father had been bap
tized sixty-three ; years bef ere. V ,
The following, summer his widow and
brother ' visited us V «tnd • from" v that >isi't
dated the acquaintance which resulted in
my marriage In 1867. '.'U '• . • i ; ¦",.:>'
.Sergeant Stewart was the first wounded
man brought IntoT bur house, but ' others
followed, and it was • used In connection
with . and ! under the same control as the
unteers were with: us a:. while; also Col
onel Blair of the' One -Hundred and Forty
ninth: Pennsylvania Volunteers, who was
left-handed, and lost his left arm, at the
shoulder joint. -'Colonel . James Ashworth
of \ Philadelphia , ' (I', have ¦ forgotten the
number of : his regiment) . was with us six
weeks. . He had seven. severe and painful
flesh t wounds. -, ,- " *"- ".-.'' '. . •¦'":¦. --'¦'¦¦
Captain Henry, Eaton, and his brother.
Sergeant Eugene* Eaton, of the Sixteenth
Vermont Volunteers, came late one even-
Ins;, after a hot, dusty ride from a field
By James flrnott.
Once more is heard the victors' tread,
As march the conquerors by,
A nation's warriors, scarred and gray,
That went lo "do or die."
And guiltless Lincoln, mighty soul,
And Grant, their leader brave,
Are come again on cherished soil,
The soil they iought to save. .;.'";
Once more they list the bugle call',
• Again, o'er freedom's battle won,
. Their throbbing hearts rejoice. •
The vanquished foe, whose nightly,
prayer
Arose toheaven's dome,
Is honored for the gallant stand
He made for love and home.*
Those fields where ibes-and comrades
. ..fell.' * J' ,' :-. >¦¦':¦
' In brethren's matchless fight V
Are- proudly. consecrated, all,
• To Union, God and Right
"THE VICTORS"
Mr. Wlntermute. another «f ear bar*,
recovered, rejoined his regiment, end la
the first engagament was Instantly killed.
Mr. Decker, another. Joined hi* regi
ment, served out his tlm*. and a tmw
years later was drowned In the Susqua
hanna River In sight of his home.
In addition to ministering to the physi
cal needs of the boy*. X went daily
through the hospitals with my writing
materials, reading and answering letters.
This work enlisted all my sympathies,
and I received many kind and apprecia
tive letters from those who coaid not
come. •'.«,
Besides earing for the wounded, m fttt
all we could for the comfort of friends)
who came to look after their loved ones.
Many pleasant and enduring friendship*
were the result of this part of my work.
It Is a great pleasure to remember that
during that long, trying summer. X wu
treated with the greatest oourtssr and
kindness by the soldiers, not on*, to
either army, ever addressing ma except
In the most respectful manner.
They were men. They bore their suf
fering In the hospitals with the earn*
matchless courage and fortitude wlthi
which they met the dangers and endure*
the hardships of army life. Their patleno*
was marvelous. I never heard a murmur.
Truly, we shall not look upon their Ilk*
again. . . , _
This sketch will glre yoa some Idea e*
how one school teacher spent her raca
tion In 1S63. I have always regretted that
I did not enlist as a nurse. My heart was
In the work, but I could not see my way
clear to leave home at that time.
In conclusion. I wish to say that whfl«
I would not care to live over that sum
mer again, yet I would not willingly eras*
that chapter from my life's experience;
and I shall always he thankful that X wu
permitted to minister to the wants and
soothe the last hours of some of the
brave men who lay suffering and dytn*
for the dear old Cag.
Gettysburg, Pa., March. DM.
hospital which had been discontinued.
Sergeant Eaton was suffering very much.
His back had been very badly Injured by
a piece of shell, and he could neither
stoop nor turn his head. The doctors and
nurses were all busy. Captain Eaton said
he knew how the wound should be
dressed, but as he was not able to do It
he would take the responsibility and su
perintend the Job if I would do the work.
I went to work and we succeeded in re
lieving him.
One of our boys had lost a leg. He had
been with us several days and had be
come very fond of my little sisters. Very
frequently they sang for him. His favo
rite was "There Is No Name So Sweet on
Earth," : at that time a popular Sunday
school hymn. He suffered from indiges
tion, and one nlgl\t. In his restlessness,
the bandages became loose. It was sear
midnight; the nurse, tired out. had fallen
asleep, and before we could find a surgeon
he was so weakened by loss of blood that
he died the next morning.. A few days
later his wife came. She was young and
had never been away from home7 When
she heard of her. husband being wound
ed she started for Gettysburg. leaving a
babe that he had never seen. She did
not know of his death until she came to
us. and her grief was heartrending.
William J. Sherriff of the One Hundred
and Forty-second Pennsylvania Volun
teers, now of Vernondale. Los Angeles
County. CaL. was with us for a while.
Two years later he was married and
brought his bride to visit us.
Mr. Crooks, of the One Hundred and
Forty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers,
who was wounded while helping . to
carry Sergeant Stewart from the field,
was also with us, and I, who a short
time before was ready to faint > at the
sight of blood, stood near to be of use if
needed while the surgeons amputated his
leg. We became acquainted without the
formality of an Introduction, and It was
the beginning of a friendship which has
stood the wear and tear of forty years.
While our ciders prepared food we girls
stood on the corner near our homes £;r..l
cave refreshments of all kinds to "our
boye" of the First Corps, who were
double-quicking down "Washington street
to Join the troops already engaged in bat
tle west of the town. After the men had
all passed wo eat on our doorsteps or
stood around In groups, frightened nearl/
out of our wits, but never dreaming of
defeat. A horse was led by, the blood
streaming from his head, which was cov
ered. The fight sickened me. Then a
man was led by, supported by two com
rades. His head had been hastily band
aged and blood was visible. I turned
away, faint with horror, for I never could
bear the sight of blood. After a while thy
artilUry wagons began to jo back, and
Tie couldn't understand that. Then came
HOW A GETTYSBURG
SCOOL TEACHER
SPENT HER VACATION
| HAVE YOU THE BEAUTY EYE? |
If you have you will simply go into raptures over BRYSON*S
FAMOUS SEDUCTIVE PICTURES reproduced^ Multiple Colon
The Belle of the Party |
Or, THE WOMAN IN BLACK. j^Sjl j
| FREE WITH NEXT SUNDAY CALL, |
| TEST YOUR N WISDOM. |
Of course everybody thinks it would be a glorious snap to spend a million a year,
| but- is it? Could you get your money's worth? Just read the new sensation*
Brewster's Millions
By RICHARD P. GREAVES * V H
I BEGINS IN NEXT SUNDAY CALL. I
il~ - Waists : * showing 'antique lace, and
waists trimmed«with "furniture" lace and
waists that have the. Russian, Armenian
arid Oriental trimmings, will &U be fash
ionable next winter, and it is the part of
wisdom and of economy to purchase them
now, ; for they will hold; their style well
and look nice as long as a rag of them
remains. • v~ -••*'¦' ;, ¦.; '-;./_:•.'•¦ -•'" ¦.:. -
And. speaking of rags, what a season It
is for the girl who can do her own mend
ing. Big pieces of coaris- lace are set In
Going to a good shop she bought a
waist of lawn of the most exquisite tex
ture. The color was a clear blue white.
Set into the sleeves were very wide bands
of antique lace while great puffs of the
lawn fell at the back of the sleeves. The
uppers were tucked and so tightly made
as to fit the arm like a glove. /
The yoke was one of those two storied
affairs, looking like two yokes. A square
lace yoke was bordered with a band of
organdie with hemstitching on each edge.
Then came another, yoke-like square also
bordered with a band of ; organdie and
then another. Bands of lac* went down
the front and the waist was fastened in
the middle of the back under a wide slat
of organdie.
A woman, on bargains Intent, came in
to town the other day to replenish her
summer wardrobe a little. And, of course,
the thing she most desired was a nice
shirt waist.
A Little Shopping Tour.
It looks as though nothing new could
come in for winter beyond that which is
already seen or indicated. The early fall
supplies are »o abundant and so beauti
ful that woman will Invest in them and
will hesitate about throwing - away her
purchases for others «.. little later on.
It is the best of economy to buy a waist
now, for prices are low, goods-are marked
down, and you can get waists for 15 and
less, waists that were $10 earlier In the
season. New goods are constantly arriv
ing, and the dealers feel that they must
get rid of the old at any "sacrifice.'
If a woman is not too particular about
buying the very latest, and there are few
women who can afford to be critical,
there can . now be obtained the choicest
and most beautiful waists at prices so
low as to rightly rank In the bargain line,
whether they are on the bargain counters
or not.
tcr. In this way a waist is given a very
long lease of life.
* * «^-T WOMAN should buy her 6hirt
* * f \ waists standing up, and before
I I a full length mirror," declared
>• I the head of a shirt waist de-
partxnent.
"And she should try them on before
buying.
"I know It would make us a great deal
of trouble,** continued she. "If all our cus
tomers were to try on their shirt waists.
But I really do believe that In the long
run it would be a saving of time, of pa
tience and of money all around.
"The woman who tries on her shirt
waists in the store never brines them
back to be exchanged; and it Is very rare
ly that a shirt waist that is tried on in the
•tore falls to give perfect satisfaction.
We have made many permanent custom
ers simply by Insisting that the waist be
tried on before It is taken home.
"Of course the exception is in the case
of the woman of perfect figure, who runs
true of the measure. And there are a
great many of this description.
"But the most Important reason Is that
women never know how they wlli look in
a garment until they put it on. And not
only must they put it on. but they must'
stand in front of a full length glass and
look at themselves, waist, skirt and all.
A waist that looks all right on the coun
ter, or on the figure, or when viewed with
a h&r.d glass, will look entirely different
when the woman sees herself full length.
"Take the new waists." said she, "which
are trimmed with little appllqued trian-
Kies of silk. The waists which are of
very delicate fabric are made on the
PYench etyle. opening down the back.
The fronts and the baggy part of the
sleeves arc trimmed with the silk trian
gles.-and these are put in place with very
email Pitches. The effect of the trim
ming is to make a figured waist.
; "Just about one woman in a dozen looks
well in these new waists and the others
look dowdy. To help them out they have
bow a way of striping Ihe waists with
narrow bands of ribbon, or of pin tucking
the waist, which gives It Jttst the right
amount of chic, so that its awful plain
r:ese does not come too hard upon the
woman whose figure Is not perfect."
And with this piece of advice the head
cf the shirt waist department walked,
•way to show the new midsummer crea
tions to some waiting .customers.
There is one very noticeable thins; about
feT AUGUSTA PRESCOTT.
Many of the nicest summer shirt waists
are made with an eye, to being worn In
the winter time. They are' provided with
inner waists made of taffeta > and * these
inner waists, , being separate, can be re
moved and put away while: the hot
-weather lasts, then brought out for win.
A very nice example of this In found in
a tucked lawn, which Is laid in panels of
tucking and insertion, each panel being
no more, than one inch wide. The yoke
and stock are composed of very simII
squares of white lawn fastened together
with hemstitching. The entire waist is
made by hand, and one can just imagine
the very great amount of work that was
put upon it before It wm completed.
Each little square was hemmed, then
Joined to the next square with fine hem
stitches. ."•' ¦
For Summer or Winter.
Of course, the waists will be entirely too
thin for cold weather wear unless there
Is a nice and sufficient underwaist, and
for this purpose there will be some very
delicate corsot covers made of fine flan
nel, with long sleeves and high neck, so
that a warm lining is provided. The flan
nel will be silk flannel and in certain
grades of this silk flannel the luster is
so high as to look like satin, seen through
the meshes of the gown. Borne of these
show beautiful bands of lac* insertion.
And ii is only right and proper that the
summer waists should be worn next win
ter. It would be a pity wer* they to be
cast aside at the end of the season, for
there Is eo much work upon them that
they v are worthy to hold a permanent
place In the wardrobe.
AH of the thin lawns, the challies. the
mulls, and the organdies are trimmed with
lace and made in such a dressy way tha*
they will pass muster in a drawing-room
In cold weather. And many of them are
very handsomely trimmed with silk fag
oting, making them dainty little works
of art. >V*
the waists that are now being sold and
this Is the fact that they are designed
also for next winter wear. When you
buy a waist now, be it taffeta or organdie,
It is understood that you are to wear it
as long as a rag of it remains. It is cut
in such a manner that It looks dressy for
any season, and it is nice now and will
be still nicer later on.
spoiled. The- shoulder, while cut rery
low, must not bind the arm. nor must It
wrinkle or draw In any "way. ' f
' The midsummer shirt waist shows other
distinguishing features and one of these
Is seen In the . new stock. While the
shoulder seams are climbing downward
and while the sleeve puffs are getting; big
ger and bigger stocks are climbing up
ward. They grow taller and taller every
day. Yet. while higher than they were,
they are a great deal more comfortable,
for they '"are not so stiffly made and one
can wear. them on a hot day without suf
fering the martyrdom of the middle ages.
All of 'the nicer shirt waists have stocks
made to match the waist, ; and the stock
corresponds to It not only In material, but
In color and in • flesifn. Very frequently
The . shoulders of shirt waists, seem to
be climbing lower and lower down- Many
of the new | shoulder seams axe actually
down on ihe tops of the arms, giving a
very long shoulder line. ~ This" shoulder
slope Is very<b«coming to those who have
wide shoulders, for there . is a Glbsonlan
effect which is graceful and becoming
to' the. feminine figure. And here the wo
man with sloping shoulders comes out at
her very best. ;• '.'.•}
The cutting of the low seam Is a dis
tinct art," and „ the amateur dressmaker
must take lessons in it before trying her
scissors upon a nice fabric, for with a
slip of the ; scissors . the i waist will V b»
Tho Newest Styles.
fall nearly to the knees were It not for
the stiffening of the cloth.
From present indications one feels safe
In making sleeves very baggy Indeed, for
soma of the latest sleeves show a fullness
at the under part of the arm which would
Occasionally, in a very well made waist,
the fastenings are at the side, under the
aim and over the shoulder; and, if the
waist be cut right, these fastenings are
successful. But nine times out of teh the
waist does not fasten as it should and
there is a hideous gap - on the shoulder
seam, just where the nt ought to be per
fect. : •
¦'¦'. The smooth wide front Is very youthful
In Its lines and It is recommended to the
stout woman and to the slender woman
alike, for. It singularly enough ; becomes
both extremes of figure. In buying; ' a
waist that opens In the back a woman Is
safe, .'for the style will hold for a season
at least. * :
The very ' new sleeves are of - the most
exaggerated fullness * at the back of . the
arm. . Some .of these sleeves are positively
cap-like at the shoulder and / upper arm,
suggesting ; the days : "of the 'very tight
sleeve.. Others are tucked around the up
per part, : while others have wide' bands
of lace set In just below the shoulder, so
as to form the; uppers, of the sleeves.
These lace uppers are very nice and will
look well later on when the waist is worn
over a taffeta underwaist.
But,* in buying now, one must use a
great deal of judgment if the waist is to
be worn next winter. There are styles
that will hold their own for a season to
come, while others will go out in a month
or so, and the woman who wants to look
nice next winter must get the, sort of
waist that will still be in style when the
enow files. Just now it is a fad "to wear
the washable waist all winter and woman
must prepare to meet the fad part way.
A waist that will look as up-to-date
next Christmas as It does to-day is the
waist of the plain" front, called the French
waist. In spite of the fact that the waists
that button in the back are Inconvenient,
it is true that they will be worn, and one
might as well get used to buttoning them
now as later. .
over while. the nimble fingers of the, tal
ented owner buttonhole stitches" the
pieces In place. It is mending of a high
art and a new art scale and certainly it is
very good.
A nouvcau art patch to go on an old
lace waist was made of antique; lace —
Just a little square snipped off the end of
a flounce. This square was put over a
big, yawning hole in an organdie shirt
waist and was buttonhole stitched in
place. Of course there was a piece upon
the other side of the waist in a corre
sponding place, and, of course, a few oth
er snips of lace had to bo stitched to the
waist to make it look just right But,
when done,, the waist was as good as new
and all on account of a few nouveau art
patches. «"
How to Buy Bargains.
a waist trftmnfng win be »»HM-* until tt
cover* the waol« stock, that T"* v<n r tt
a part of the waijt Itself. \
It la a rather remarkable tMnx. «M
Quite apropos the- present styles. th*t fin*
sewing Is now- coming to b« ranked as
an accomplishment. It Is fifty years sine*
young: girls wer» taught to sew, and mar*
than fifty years since embroidery hem
stitching and all the dainty finishing war*
a part of the curriculum la the flntlhtrqi
schools.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
10
THE FIRST CROP OF AUTUMN
SHIRT WAISTS
ATW K.ri.TTMKiw Kivl'S.
DR. CHARLES FLESH FOOD
For the Form and Complexion.
-^FZfr\ Has been success-
/5»Sr T£? lDf • ctress *«. ¦lax-
ffSSfi ' i tn&k ara * n< * women of
WSj S' \v£l fashion for more
|«3 Jy than 23 years.
\ €Z «. I Wherever applied It
/ !» Instantly absorbed
B Sf through ta* pore* of
- Jj 1 the •km, and Its
jf \ wonderful nutrition
§s \ fveds the wasting
fSCjX* >t Removing Pimplw
» V A« If by maclo. on*
* t >?<J&r-% B4^ application eftsa
* A »l*'|>2ri* ¦bl* Improjrenjent.
DK. CHARLES FLESH FOOD Is positively
the only preparation known to medical rdenc*
that will round out hollows In th* neck aad
produce Orm. healthy flwa oa thla cheek*
arcs and banda.
TO3 DEVE1O?ISO TBB BUST
Or breasts shrunken irom nurstac It has the
highest lndoi semeat of physicians. Two box**
are often sufaclant to make tae bust arm.
large and beautiful.
SOLD BY THE EMPORIUM AXD OTHER
DEPARTMENT STORES AND DRUQQISTai
Regular price, fl.00 a box. but to all who
take advanUKe of this SPECIAL OFFER and
send us on* dollar we will tend two O boxes,
in plain wrapper.
Fr pP.F ~ A •* fn » I • %«( aad mtr boo*.
K ?f ART OF MASSAOr." ranyoi
lustrated. will b* eent fre* to any lady sending
10 cents to pay for coat of mailing. Address
SB. CHILIS CO., 13 ? u \ riM* BTtv TufcBy "The Parson."
WHO IS YOUR HERO?
fpv jlJ^T^ d HI^ is a remarkable year from the point of view of the
l/'l^HEF^O honor whicn is bein S P aid the mi R ln y spirits of the past,
li- Al-B VJ ; S Seldom do we encounter so close to one another so many
li^AB/A^I important personal anniversaries. Echoes of the Emerson
j '^^VliBSr^f centennial had hardly died away before from one end of
i *^*;-/^lf*i e this Iand to the other thc P raises of J° hn Weslcv wcre
!jJ_2>'Triiii2^Ji heard. In the autumn the bicentennial of the birth of
Jonathan Edwards, New England's masterly theologian, will be widely cele
brated, while Henry Ward/ Beecher's already great fame is sure
to be enhanced through the movement for a suitable memorial of him
which is taking form in Brooklyn.
One of the most interesting features of these various commemorations
is the eagerness with which thc whole Christian world acknowledges its in
debtedness to the gerat leaders of the past and claims the privilege of ac
cording them public honor. *.:/ ',.5
This is as it should be. A great man is the property of no single sect
or school. If Ralph Waldo Emerson saw farther into the heart of things
than any man of his day. if his profound optimism and his sense of the divine
presence in the world were phrased in as limpid, vigorous English as has
ever been written, then why should not every denomination get the benefit
of his insight and his good cheer? If John Wesley's trumpet call to his
fellow Christians not only woke them" up and marshaled them (or conflict,
but helped deepen the entire current of church life ever since, let us believ
ers of every name and in every clime get and hold what inspiration we can
from such a devoted and heroic life. \Y ..• .• . " ...
I count it also a gain that we arc passing from a period in which our
heroes were chiefly warriors to an era in which our admiration and homage
are going out toward moral and spiritual heroes. It was natural after our
clash with Spain to laud and lavish gifts upon the admirals and^- generals
who kept the honor of the country unstained and fought our battles through
to so triumphant a finish. But we ought to reserve our deepest reverence
for the heroes of thought and of moral action. The men who have^ helped
the world to see God. the men who against great opposition have insisted
that thc spirit of man is the noblest part 'of him, and should always dominate
the flesh, the men whose victories have been wrought by love and kindness,
who have poured themselves out lavishly that _£he lives # of their fellows
might be gladdened and enriched, enlightened and emancipated, these are
the real benefactors and insoirers of the race. Their .glory continues, not
through a few fleeting months, but through the years and the centuries.
By the way, have you any hero? Is there any great moral or spiritual
leader to whom you look for guidance in your thinking and inspiration
for your living? If you have none then it is time you found one. I have
mentioned the names of some. I can suggest others, and still another
greater than them alL He will never fail you.
k— -, '— *z=z EAR PIERREPONT: Consider carefully before you say
a hard word to a man> but ncvcr Ict a chance . to say a
r'HfkVul&)fl good one go by. Praise judiciously bestowed is money
pll^M^»<l. Never learn anything about your men except from
|«siiiSi^f^ B themselves. A good manager needs no detectives, and the
fellow who can't read human nature can't manage it. The
phonograph records of a fellow's character are lined in his
face, and a man's days tell the secrets of his nights.
Be slow to hire and quick to fire. The^time to discover lncompatabiUty
of temper and curi-papers is before the marriage ceremony. But when you
find that you've hired the wrong man, you can't get rid of him too quick.
Pay him an extra month, but don't let him stay another day. A discharged
clerk in the office is like a splinter in the thumb— a center of soreness. There
are no exceptions to this rule, because there are no exceptions to human na-
Uf Never threaten, because- a threat is a promise to pay that it isn't always
convenient to meet, • but . if you don't make it good it hurts your credit.
Save a threat till you're ready to act, and then you wont need it. Irf all
. your dealings remember that to-day is your opportunity; to-morrow some
other 'fellow's. \ .
Keep close to your men. - When a fellow's sitting on top of a mountain
he's in a mighty dignified and iexalted position, but if he's gazing at the
clouds he's missing a heap of interesting and important doings down in the
valley Never lose your dignity, of course, but tie it up in all the red tape
you can find aroifnd the office and tuck it away in the safe. #
It's easy for a boss to awe his clerks, but a man who is feared to his
face is hated behind his back. A competent boss can move among his men
without having to draw an imaginary line between them, because they will
see the real one if it exists. *
Besides keeping in touch with your office men you want. to feel your
salesmen all the time. Send each of them a letter every day, so that they
.won't forget that we are making goods for which we need orders; and in
sist on their sending you a line every day, whether they have anything to
say or not." When a fellow has to write in six times a week to the house
he uses up his explanations mighty fast, and he's pretty apt to hustle for
business to make his seventh letter interesting.
Right here I want to repeat that in keeping track of others and their
¦faults it's very,. very important that you shouldn't. lose sight of your own.
Authority' swells up some fellows so that, they- can't see their corns; but a
wise man tries to cure his own while remembering not to tread on his
neighbor's. .1 fflBfflfflffl
From ¦ "Letters from a 8elf-Mad» Merchant to His Sou." br G«or»» Horse* Lertmar.
By permission of Email. Ma.yna.rd & Co.. Publishers, - Boston, Mass.
Old Gorgon's Letter to His Son on Managing Men.
PASTELS IN PORK.
About this time his parent on his father's side conceived the idea that if .
he could inject a little higher education into his promising offspring it
would be a good thing for the said offspring and for the community at
large, as well as for himself, since he would get the young: man. out of the
house for a few years.- So U. S. G. Jenks hied him away at the uniform rate
of 3 cents per hie to an institution of higher (ed) learning. There he elected
a difficult course, consistine of the literature of the ancient Afghans, draw
ing—to a pair — and laboratory work in the most approved method of color
ing a meerschaum pipe. For four long, weary years he battled in the noble
cause of higher education: at times his old man thought that if it had been
any higher he couldn't stand for it very long.
During this time U. S. G. lenks' ambitions underwent a subtle change.
During his freshman "year he was of the opinion that no career was half so
glorious as that of the plunging fullb:;ck of the varsity eleven; the* only
trouble with that idea was that he had never heard of any one making his
living thafway for more than three months* out of the year, although a few
had accomplished the less: difficult task of dying without any perceptible loss
to the community.' This was an insuperable obstacle to his entering into the
fullback business as a life calling, since his esteemed parent had forcibly in
timated to him more than once that the jnanner in which he wasted his time
after he left college must be sufficiently "remunerative to pay his laundry bills,
at least. His father was old-fashioned and without any idea of the real end
and aim of education, which is not to teach a man how to make money, but
how to spend it. U. S. G. J.'s proud young heart'rebelled. after the style
of proud young hearts on such occasions, at the thought that he should
have to spend his waking h6urs in the vain pursuit oka livelihood, but inas
much as the old man was sitting on the treasury, he submitted:
In his junior year Jenks hit upon a scheme that seemed to him to prom
ise a happy solution of all his problems. He would marry a bank account.
To be sure, there would probably be n wife attached, but that was a mere
.matter of detail. Many bank accounts have wives attached to them: in fact,
it is not a difficult thing for any one to become attached to a cov. jetmne
bank account, and the more it. retires the more attached we are to it.. The
only fly in the liniment is the fact that the affection is seldom reciprocated.
U. S. Grant Jenks proposed to get over this difficulty by entering into the
holy bonds — and stocks — of matrimony. Then would all be plain sailing; his
wife might hold the bonds, but he would clip the coupons: ;
But to hit upon the risrht amount of full paid, \ non-assessable capital
stock with the proper feminine annex was not such a simple thing as it had "
appeared to the callow youth. The difficulty was not with the incomes; there,
are plenty of those waiting around for some desirable, male' chaperon- to
come along and exercise the divide right of benevolent assimilation over
them. It was-the femrnine annex that was constantly queering the game.
No sooner would U. S..G. T. cast his amorous glance upon a fair and blush
ing bank account that seemed butto tarry for his comincr than he would
discover to his righteous -indismation that it had plighted its sacred troth
to a similar account of the male persuasion. Full^ft, if^not oftcncr.'did he
At last he was forced to admhv to himself that marriage as a door of op- .
portunity to ambitious and struggling youth was closed. .Birds of. a feather^
flock together, and U. S. G. Jenks didn't have enough feathers. Then he\
turned his attention to other fields of activity that lay green and smiling be- ¦.-;
fore him. He tried the law. but after he had studied Blackstone's tuneful lays V
for fifteen or twenty minutes he wearied of the pursuit of things litigious and
decided to take a fall out of something that was less of a strain on" his' alleged
brain. Medicine beckoned, but Jenks had been : cut " up— and \. but— so
"many times that he didn't have the heart ko practice the gentle art on^any one
elsV Business was profitable, but inasmuch as he had not been' born on a
New : England farm or brought over from ; the old country in ' the steerage
with only 15 cents, in his pocket, that door was also closed to him. He
thought of the ministry, that last refuge of the soul-oppressed— by hard
work — but the thought of the novels that he would • have ; to : write if he
amounted to anything'in that sacred calling gave him pause., Besides, no
man who had dreamed of marrying an heiress could «'¦ be expected to settle
down for life on a princely stipend of thr^e hundred and seventy-six dollars a
year, collected by himself. " , ' -
U. S. G. Jenks was plunged 'in deep, dark brown despair when ahappy
thought struck/'him in the solar plexus of the cerebellum. He would invent
in his youth he had burned to be a champion long-dis
tance aeronaut and skin the" cat from the trapeze of a hot-air balloon 4756
feet above the gaping multitude at the Putnam County Fair. There is no
necessary connection between ambition and hot air; it just happened that
way in U. S. G. Jenks' case. When he grew older he yearned with a triple
power yearn to be the best baseball pitcher in America and have his name on
the front page of the sporting section of every Sunday paper of the land
from Machias to Seattle. But that was not to be. Good pitchers are scarce,
and only a few of us can rise to that proud eminence, so U. S. G. J. was
forced to put an overhead check and a curb bit on his aforesaid vaulting
ambition and send it at a lower fence.
It is in the pious hope that his career may serve as an ex
ample to the young manhood of our fair land that the re
cital of the struggles into which his vaulting ambition
pushed him is here set down and left. There can be no
question that U. S. G. Jenks' ambition was vaulting. Even *
OME men are born great, some commit murder, and some
just butt in: U. S. Grant Jenks belonged to the last class.
a new breakfast food. Then would his name go echoing down the ages along
with Lydia E. v of sainted memory, th e late Mr. Mellin and Mother Eddy.
Future generations would rise up and call him blessed — or something else—
and he could go to his grave at the appointed— or disappointed— time with
the proud consciousness that he had left a deep impress on the life of his
little day. . . - -.^r-? " '-. '
It was no sooner said than done. That is, the public were done.
Jinksettes, composed of equal parts" of chopped straw and apple seeds, were
on the market and soon the breakfast table that was without them was the
abomination of desolation. Children cried for them— after eating them—
and every doctor, who stood to get a rake-off from the undertaker, recom
mended them. U. S. G. Jenks' name was a household word, and when he
died full of honor— and chopped straw— the great <and mighty from- near and
far came and stood at his bier— to make sure that he was dead. ?>'£*•'
His life teaches us an impressive lesson that should be brought home to
every high-browed aspirant for fame. Verily, an 'easy graft is more to be
desired than a hand-made college 'education, and he who obeys the old in
junction to do others as they expect to be done?can laugh at the Shcnfi and
look Bradstreet's in the face without winking.
(Copyright, 1903, by Albert Britt.) .
FABLES FOR THE FOOLISH---HOW TO WIN FAME
By Nicholas Memo.
decline and death- In 1800 the organization reached the high-water mark
with an enrollment of 409489, since which time it has diminished at the rate
of two, three, four, five, six, seven, yes, and even eight thousand a year and
more. In 1892 the roll had sunk to 263,745- In that year alone 8290 answered
their fitfal summons. . In a few days we shall have the figures for the past year,
and who shall say that they are not even more?
Pause for a moment and think what that means. Over eight thousand
members passing away every year and the ratio increasing rapidly. Can your
mind grasp thtf figures in all their pathetic significance? Eight thousand ev
ery year, and soon it mav be nine, ten,' eleven — who shall say how many
more thousands— till. the roster is totally effaced;
. ,. Stand on the street next Wednesday morning when the men who have
come to live over again the stirring days of the past go marching by. Count
them if you can and you will find that there are nearly eight thousand in line.
It is an imposing array; a vast host, the like of which is rarely seen in one"
tense, eager body. And then let your mind try to grasp the thought that be
fore another year has passed all those marching thousands will be no more.
That is what the passing of the Grand Army of the Republic means.
And try to realize, too. what sentiment clusters round that thought. _ It
will be fresh, vivid, real in the minds of each and every one of those marching
thousands — the men who fought and suffered for a glorious cause — the pass
ing of the Grand Army of the Republic.
• But notwithstanding this sad decrease it has been suggested that the
membership ought to increase" year by year. There are still living over 000,000
of the* men who were part of that grand army. of the sixties, and of that
number less than 75.000 are over 64 years old. Short, therefore, as it may be,
the Grand Army may still look forward to a glorious future.
of death in life. More than ever now each annual encampment emphasizes the
grim, solemn fact that soon — all too 'soon — the Grand Army of the Republic,
with all that it symbolizes, will be nothing but a tradition. Figures that do not
lie give much food for thought — sad. introspective thought.
In April, 1865, more than a million of men were in the military service of
the United States. To these must be added a roll of names which at that
time numbered over three hundred and fifty thousand— the. grand army of
the dead. * •
During the four years of the desperate conflict altogether 2,850,132 men
had been enrolled in the military service. There had been killed in battle 67.
058: died of wounds and other injuries, 43.032; of disease, 224,586, and from
causes not classified, 24,852 — a total death-roll of 359,528.
This vast army had taken part in more than two thousand engagements,
many of them of minor importance as to the number of men^engaged or re
sults attained, while others were mighty battles which strained all the re
sources and tested the fullest powers of endurance of the great opposing
armies, to an extent whicji must make the legend, which floated from a ban
ner stretched across the front of the Capitol, while the conquerors were march
ing by during those two memorable days of the grand spectacular peace re
v'cw: "The Only National Debt We Can Never Pay is the Debt We Owe
the V'-torious Union Soldiers." ring down the ages forever.
JK ar out of all this that the Grand Army of the Republic grew into be
injr 1878, with a membership of only 31,016, out of all those hundreds of
thousands of veterans. But its growth was inevitable — as inevitable as its
Day after day, as' the glory of their achievements in all the arts of peace
j? finding new acknowledgment in every quarter of the globe, there comes
new evidence that they are a unit— the world encompassing power of the
future — great, glorious, invincible.
But what of the men who won this. priceless heritage in the most stu
pendous struggle of the modern age? They are passing, passing, swiftly pass
ing. More than ever now each annual encampment brings home the tragedy
constitute a nation
The object of the Grand Army in its rela
i»on to civil life, and aside from its traditional as
sociation and charitable work, was to organize
the victory which had been won on the field of
battle. The post rooms become schools of loy
alty, where reverence for the flag as the sym
bo' of the nation has been persistently incul
cated end where the national idea has been con
stantly exalted. Then came the work in the
schools of which mention has been made and
whereof all the land knows.
It is not too much to say that'owing to the
far-rcachine influence of the Grand Army of.
the Republic more than to anything else the
flag is now universally revered, and there is no
longer any question in the land, either in the
North or South, that the American people now
By Henry C. Dibble.
PASSING OF GRAND ARMY OF THE REPUBLIC
THE SUNDAY : CAI1I1.
11
"GR^NT FROM WEST POINT TO APPOMATTOX? 1 -^ 00 .* 111118^ 'a Panorama of .theQreat conmiaiicwr'. career, 1855, t>y * Prang « co., j««.Illinois Infantry after her husband fell
fighting at Youngs Point and was actively
engaged until the close of the wax.
Leonora Smith went to the front as
soon as the war began and continued
through Gettysburg, Viclcsburg and Rich
mond, when Lee surrendered.
Mrs. Julia S. K. Tbmpkins served from
1863 until her soldier husband was dis
charged in 1S61.
Mrs. Lauretta II. Horslngton followed
Sherman In his famous march to the sea,
nursing the wounded and dying until she
was mustered out In 1SC3.
Mrs. Hannah E. J. Starbird Joined the
army In 1W>J and went all through the
war Ijorrors till the close.
Mrs. Mary E. Lacy was married at 15.
Her husband enlisted a year later. She
followed him to the front and served till
tho war rn'led.
Mrs. Eieanore B. Stevens enlisted In 1SS3
with the Army of the Cumberland and
remained til! 1S65.
Mrs, Mary A. Richardson served from
1S62 through Gettysburg to the end.
Mrs. Emllv Alder went with her hus
band to war in 1S61 and followed his for
tunes until he was wounded at Fort
Donelson.
Mrs. Rebecca S. Smith left school to
cope with an epidemic of diphtheria
among the soldiers in 1S62 and after that
whs continually on duty on the battlefields
until 1S64.
When Mrs. Cordelia Livingston's father
enlisted in the Twenty-sixth Illinois In
fantry, she, too, went to the front and be
came a nurse with her mother and only
returned home to bury her four brothers
and sisters, after which terrible af3!ction
both mother and daughter rejoined the
army at Farmlngton.
Of Mrs. Addie L. Ballou. who has per
haps won more honors. during the war and
In the long years since than any of the
long list of army nurses, no extended com
ment need be written. She Is already too
well known to Californians to need fur
ther cralse. -'.7. -¦; ..-¦••
Mrs. J. Matherson Bullard was com
missioned a regular army nurse in 18S2,
when she went immediately into active
service with the soldiers in the field, re
maining till 1865.
Mrs. Emily Haines Harrifon waa sent
to Camp Chase In 1863, where she re
mained until the close of the war.
Mrs. Rebecca Lane Price went to the"
front in 1S61 and stepped from the train
right into the work of nursing the hun
dreds of wounded soldiers, who w°re ju3t
arriving from the Army of the Potomac.
Her holiday dinners to the troops were
famous.
Mrs. Lydla A. Foulke-Wilson became an
army nurse one hot afternoon In 1S62 out
of pure pity for thp wounded men who
were suffering In the *un. Afier her work
among the dying that day she was not
mustered 'out until 1S65.
Mrs. Wilhelmlna Schmidt enlisted In
1861 with the if list Rfgular Pennsylvania
Reserves. After Bull Run she returned
home for a short time, but was soon
back again, finishing her work at Gains
borough Point.
Miss Lydla S. Johnson served under
Miss Dix, among the typhoid patients
particularly, from 1SC1 to 1S65.
Mrs.' Elizabeth A. Jarble left Chicago In
1862 to take care of the wounded from
Ehiloh. In 1363 she was assigned to tha
Officers' General Hospital and later, in
1E64, was married to the chaplain of the
hospital. She was not mustered out until
1S66.
Mrs. Elizabeth Chapman followed her
husband and her youngest son to the front
and was poon enlisted as a regular nurse.
In the winter of 1861-62 Miss Mary Fryer,
now Mrs. Gardner, and Miss Priscilla
Allen, now Mrs. Barry, both joined the
One Hundred and Fifth Pennsylvania In
fantry and served until near the close of
the war.
Mrs. Rachel E. Harris, or. as she soon
became better known, "Aunt J Rachel."
was pressed Into service with the Twelfth
Mrs. Ann Schram, after her husband en
listed In the Thirty-second New York In
fantry, became a nurse and served
through the war without pay.' even fur
nishing her otvn board and delicacies for
her patients.
Mrs. Clarissa F. Dye enlisted in 1S61 In
the Army Hospital Corps and carried suc
cor on many a battlefield, where none of
her eex could make their way. Her
sister's sudden death, leaving a brood of
small children, closed her active service.
Mrs. Belle Vose Clark joined the Army
of the Cumberland and nursed its wound
ed soldiers until the close of the war.
Mrs*. Susannah D. Clark was married to
Major F, J. Clark Just four days after
Fort Sumter was fired upon and went to
the front with her husband immediately.
Her first arduous nursing was after Bull
Run. Then there was Gettysburg, with
all its horrors.
Mrs. Eunice M. Brown joined the North
ern army at Camp Chase In 1S€4 and was
not mustered out until 1S65.
Mrs. Mary C. Athois' husband came
back from his regiment to he'p her bury
their only child, when .to live -down- her
sorrow she followed him back to the war
and became a nurse, serving with dis
tinction on many a hard-fought battle
field until 1865.
Mrs. Mary E. Smith, sent out by the
Sanitary Commission as a nurse In 1S62,
did not return until July, 1863.
Mrs. Amanda B. Smyth's husband en
listed at the first call and when later news
came that he waa wounded she rushed to
his aid. That Is how she came to serve
so many years.
Mrs. Mary J. Dykeman followed two
brothers and her husband Into battle and
won more distinguished honors than any
of them for her services as nurse on the
battlefield.
Mrs. Annie E. West Joined the New
York National Guards in 1S62 and took an
active part in the war, being an eye
witness of the sinking of the Cumber
land and serving till the doe* of the war.
IF the complete story could be told of
the devotion and suffering, of the pri
vation* and heroic sacrifices of all the
brave women who nursed the wound-
ed and* the dying on both sides in the
bloody conflict between the North and
South it would be one of the grandest,
most sublime narratives ever penned.
Even when recorded in brief their careers
speak volumes for the dangers they
braved to minister with gentle hands and
loving caro. .
Mrs. Mary L. Bradley was commisslon
?<1 by Governor Randall of Wisconsin in
US1 and served . with the Army of the
Cumberland under Dorothy Dlx without
pay until 1S65. with a furlough of only
one month to allow her to get married.
Mrs. Emily E. Woodley, past national
president of the A. A. >.'., was a nurse
before the war, who received her first
bapttxm on the field at the tirst and sec
ond fcatt'«?s of Fredericksburg, where she
says: "We slept on the ground, with the
sky for our canopy and God for our com
fort." She served till 1S65.
Mrs. Susannah Krlp, vice president of
the A. A. N., enlisted In 1863 and served
with the Second Pennsylvania, Heavy
Aitillery, through all its hardships until
l£65, with a furlough of only fifteen days
tn all that time.
Because she would not let any one else
nurse her wounded soldier husband In
1SC1, Mrs. Elizabeth Nicholls was obliged
to follow the One Hundred and Eleventh
New York Infantry into battle and so at
Gettysburg became a regular army nurse.
Leaving her only child to be cared for
by others, Mrs. Elizabeth O. Gibson en
listed as a nurse In 1S61 and followed the
army through the war, gathering the sick
and wounded upon the battlefields ' of
Bhlloh and Vicksburg and from the
swamps of the South, serving until 1S65.
Mrs.. Kate M. Duncan married a soldier
and gave the year of 1363 to the worst
typhoid and surgical caaes at Pattlson
Park Hospital In Baltimore.
Beloved as Ministering Angels of the Great War.
" 'Then, doctor, please let him have
what he wants while he does live,' I
asked.
" 'I give him Into your hands. Miss
Titus,' he answered. 'Do what you please
for him.'
"The bandages which he complained
hurt him were at once removed, and as
soon as the rest of the patients were
cared for I went out and bought a head
of cabbage, as he had begged for some
thing green. If only 'boiled grass.' When
the cabbage was cooked I carried htm
some, with elder vineBar. and fed him.
He ate all on the plate, asked for more.
and still more, until he had eaten the
whole cabbage. In a month he was
well."
• • •
"While at the Baltimore hospital I had
a strange case." says Mrs. Jane M. Wor
rell, who enlisted with the Twenty-fourth
Massachusetts Volunteers when her hus
band was made a prisoner by the rebels.
"The surgeon said he had never wit
nessed anything like it. A Confederate
boy. only 16 years old and very Ignorant
as far as book learning was concerned,
Traj brought to my ward after a field op
eration. He had lockjaw and his doom
was sealed. All I could do was to wet a
piece of linen and lay It across his mouth
so he could Inhale the moisture. He came
out of that state perfectly rational, and
after taking some nourishment asked me
to pray for him. I did so, and read the
fourteenth chapter of John. Thea he
talked for about two hours, using 1 the
most beautiful language, about the glories
of heaven. All who could gathered about
him, for all felt that he was Inspired, At
last he said. 'Mother, don't you see the
angels coming? They are holding out
their hands to take me home.' Then he
fell asleep In Jesus."
• • •
"The boys began railing me mother.**
says Mrs. Sarah Tounr. who served
through tne entire war with the One Hun
dred and Ninth New Tork Volunteers,
"but I would not allow that, so one of
the doctors In the hospital said:
" 'I'll give you a name that you'll kaep
to your last day,' and he christened me
'Aunt Becky,' and every one calls me
that now. "Why. I wouldn't get my mall
If It came addressed to 'Mrs. Sarah
Young.* M
And "Aunt Becky" Is the name by
which she Is designated as chaplain on
the ro«ter of the Iowa Department, W.
R. C.
At the battlefields of Frederlcksburg,
Spottsylvania, Cold Harbor, Chancellors
ville and Petersburg she was present,
mlntsterinr to tha wounded, and at the
latter place Aunt Becky had an expe
rience sh» loves to relate.
"We had a lot of men," she says, "who
were very sick, and I knew they would
die If they were not taken away. But
we could get no exchanges for them. Sq
I called at the quartermaster's office, and
there was a lot of tickets of exchange
lying on his desk, which I shoved off
with mv elbow, and when I got back
found I had captured fourteen of them.
"Without a word to anybody I pinned
them on the worst cases and had a nurse
carry them down to meet the sick from
the other divisions as they were being:
taken to the boats, and they all rot off
safely. .
""Well, when the doctor came around
the next morning and asked for the miss
ing men ho was told by the nurses, "They
have rone to Washington.* 'By whose
orders 7* he asked, and when told, *By
Aunt Becky's.' he was furious and threat
ened to discharge me, asking on whose
responsibility I had sent the men off. X
told him on my own. as the men would
have died If keot there,
"So he went off to General Grant and
reported tha whole transaction, but the
general laughed and said:
" 'I have nothing to tay. Aunt Becky,
outranks me."
"I didn't get discharged,** concludes)
Aunt Becky, "and every one of dose
men rot welL" ••;¦.•
• • •
Mrs. Annie Wlttenmyer waa on* of tha
best known nurses In the army, serving
at the front from April, 1881, to November,
1SC5. and rendered heroic service on many
hard-fought fields. At Shlloh eh» worked
among the wounded until her raiments
were red with their blood. At Vlckaburg;
she was under fire during: the entire sleffs,
and though shot and shell rained about
her, and bo-.t and trains on which she
traveled were attacked by cuerrlllaj, she
escaped all peril.
Early In ISS-t Mrs. "Wlttenmyer estab
lished, with tho sanction of President Lin
coln. Secretary Stanton and tha surreoa
general, a system of diet kitchens, with
every facility for the preparlnr of food
ordered by the doctors for those very sick
and wounded. Mrs. "WUtenmyer traveled
thousands of miles establlahln*; these
battle, of Fredericksburg." says ' Mrs.
Lydla L. Whlteman. who won such ex
ceptional honors from Dorothy Dix for
her service on the battlefields of Bull
Run. Antietam, Sharpgburg and the'
Seven Days' battle, "lay" a man, all
crumpled up. They told me he was dead,
but on looking at him closely I said:
" 'Oh. no; put him in the ambulance.*
"It was only upon my earnest insist
ence that they complied and took him to
the improvised hospital just outside of
the city. That man was Colonel Baxter,
who is well known to Philadelphians. I
can never drive from my mind the haunt
ing thought of what might have happened
had I let the orderlies leave him on the
field."
"In the spring of 1S65." says Mrs. Fan
nie Thus Hazen, who followed her three
brothers to the front and lost two of
them at Spottsylvania, "we had Sergeant
Eli Hudson of Sheshequtn. Pa., a vet
eran volunteer, having served over four
years, who was wounded in the left knee.
After several months in the hospital he
began to fail rapidly. He could retain
nothing on his stomach, even cold water
causing a hemorrhage. One morning the
doctor told me he could live but a few
days at the longest.
**<>." June, 1S62," says Mrs. Margaret
• I Hamilton, national president A.
I A. N., "my services were accept
* cd by Secretary of Wax Btanton
as army nurse for Batterlee
United States General Hospital, West
Philadelphia. Dr. Isaac I.. Hayes, the
Arctic explorer, was the surgeon In
charge- Our first patients were from the
Chickaboininy swamps. Dozens of poor
fellows were taken from the ambulances
ci»?ad when they reached the hospital, and
hundreds died the following weeks. •,
"The battle of the Wilderness in 1S64
h: ought us thousands of eick and wound
fd, and again smallpox broke out and
again I was detailed to care for them.
Captain Jack Crawford of Western fame
was in the hospital at this time and will
forever sing the praises of the nurses of
the Satterlee Hospital.
"After the battle we received a large
lumber of wounded, and among them was
a young woman not more than 20 years of
\gt: She ranked as lieutenant. She was
wounded in the shoulder, and her sex was
not discovered until she came to our hos
pital. It appeared that she had followed
her lover to the battle, and the boys who
were brought in with her said that no one
In the company showed more bravery
than 6he. A few weeks later she was
honorably discharged and returned to h«r
home."
• • •
"The, strangest Blent I ever witnessed,"
paid Miss . "Hal" Sharpless, who began
her service under fire In 1S63 and kept U
up through Fredericksburg. Bull Run!
Antietam, the Wilderness and the siege
of Richmond, and who had charge of the
hospital steamer Connecticut, until 1865,
"was the rtssurectlon of a little boy shot
In front of Petersburg. He was wrapped
In his blanket and carried to his grave,
when he opened his eyes and wag ready
to say. with Daniel. Webster. 'I still live.'
We took him to Jh« Armory Square Hos
pital at Washington, where for six
months he lay on a water bed "with his
leg suspended. His thigh was shattered
and he was too weak to stand amputa
tion. When he left for his home- on
crutches bis colonel gave me a sword to
take to him to return to the Governor of
their State, who had presented it to the
regiment when it started to the front.
Ills' name, I think, ~ was Lieutenant
Eeale."
"On a mound under a tree after the
NURSES FAMOUS ON
Thrilling and Pa
thetic Anecdotes
THE SUNDAY CALL.
12The history of these "Women of the
War" has been an almost unwritten one.
When the war closed and their duties
ended they went quietly to their homes
and took up the daily routine of woman's
work. In 1SS1. however. Miss Dix invited
all nurses whom she could reach to meet
her l» Washington and many responded.
An organization was effected called the
••Ex-Army Nur»© Association of the Dis-
And it can scarcely be realized In this
ag:e. when the glorious Red Cross, with
iU perfect system of trained nurses, has
made the vocation of the nurse an hon
orable distinction, when the United
States army and navy are employing wo
men as nurses, what nerve and patriotic
devotion it took for the young women of
the sixties to brave public opinion and
enlist for hospital and field service. But
as there was no lack of brave men to do
the fighting, there was not found wanting
those willing to care for them when tick
or wounded. Dorothy L. Dix, that grand
est of women philanthropists, who of
fered her services at the beginning of the
war, was appointed by the Government
to enroll the nursee. but as 6t)e would
take none under 30 years of age scores
o«. young matrons and maidens were en
rolled by generals, surgeons and colonels
of regiments, serving as volunteer nurses,
without pay. rendering heroic service.
THERE is no association that comes
to near to the veterans of the G. A.
R. as tha little band of gray
haired women who will represen'.'at
this encampment th© National As
sociation of Army Nurses of the Civil
War. Their history is interwoven with
that of th© boys in blue, and like the
Grand Army their association cannot bo
perpetuated.
These are . the heroic women who In
their early womanhood, filled with the
same spirit of patriotism that Bent to the
defense of the flag their fathers, hus
band*, brothers, lovers, went to the front
to care for the sick and wounded sol
dier*. >
Mrs. Woodley was elected national
president, serving for three years, and
doing much to establish and strengthen
the order. She was succeeded by Mrs.
Elizabeth W. Ewing of PhoenlxvlUe, Pa.,
for one year, then MIbs Ada Johnson of
St. Louis filled the office for two years.
Mrs. Delia A. Fay of Upper Jay. N. Y..
succeeded her. and at Washington Mrs.
Margaret Hamilton of WakeHeld, Mass..
was elected. At Cincinnati the words, "of
the Civil War," were substituted for th«
"late war" to distinguish the association
from that of the Spanish-American War
Nurses' Association.
The object of the association Is to keep
green the memory of those years of civil
strife, to keep in touch with the Grand
Army in its efforts to promulgate the
grand principles for which they fought,
to seek out and aid the unfortunate and
needy nurses and assist them In procur
ing pensions. Those admitted to member
ship must be women of good moral char
acter, who have served in hospitals or In
the field as regular or volunteer nurses.
This society was not a national on©, be
ing incorporated for the District of Co
lumbia, all it» regular meetings being
held In Washington. It therefore become
desirable to form a national organization,
to meet annually at the National En
campments, and at the National Encamp
ment at Louisville in 1835 Mrs. Emily C,
Woodley of Philadelphia, acting on the
advice of comra.les of the G. A. R.. called
the nurses present together- and organ
ized an association to be known as "Tho
National Association of Army Nurse* of
the Late War," :i charter twir.g taken out
in the courts of Kentucky, with thirty
one charter members.
trict of Columbia," with ninety-one mem
bers. Miss Dlx being unanimously elect
ed president for life, but In 1887 her event
ful, busy life closed and Dr. Susan Ed
eon was el«ct«d to fill th© vacancy. She
soon resigned and was succeeded by Miss
Harriet P. Dame, who has since gone to
Join the great grand army on the other
chore.
The application must be indorsed by the
officers of the Grand Army of th© Re
public post where the applicant resides.
Th© first organization of. Civil War
nurses was the Veteran Nurses' Associa
tion, organized In Philadelphia during the
war, and of which Mrs. Emily B. Wood
ley is the aole survivor. Philadelphia has
a local organization of some fifteen mem
bers, called th© Andrew Q. Curtin Nurse
Corps. It meets regularly and its entire
membership belongs to the national asso
ciation. Massachusetts has the only regu
larly organized State association, having
between forty and fifty members. They
meet each month in the State House. In
Boston. The Grand Army of the Republic
of Massachusetts has ever been mindful
of the nurse* and at the late Legisla
ture had a bill paased granting State aid
to the loyal women and placing them on
the same footing as the veterans.
At the convention held In Washington
last year the national gecr«tary was ap
pointed to bring this matterv before tho
different States and endeavor to have
their Legislatures pass bills similar to that
of Massachusetts, and the measure, haa
become a law in Wisconsin and Kansas.
In Pennsylvania the Legislature passed
a bill, but the Governor vetoed It on
technical grounds. A bill was Introduced
in the Missouri Legislature granting a
pension to both Union and Conferedute
nurses, but was killed In committee.
By act of Congress all nurses of the
Civil War are eligible for burial in any
United States cemetery, and several now
Kleep'ln the beautiful plat set aside in
Arlington. The United States Govern
ment grants pensions only to nurses reg
ularly employed In hospitals of 512 per
month, and for the year ending June 30,
1902, the Pension Department reports 634
receiving pensions, twenty-eight having
died during the year.
The volunteer nurses, doing equally as
good service and suffering th© discom
forts and dangers of the field, are de
barred by the law governing pensions,
except when they are pensioned by pri
vate bills.
The National Association now numbers
151 members In good standing, three hav
ing died during the year, and are proud
to have on their roster as honorary mem
bers Clara Barton, whose work during
the Civil War and as president of the
American Red Cross has made her name
reveyenced and loved In all lands, and
Mrs. Mary A. Liver more, whose work
with the United States Sanitary Commis
sion will live as long as the history of
the war exists.
The Nurses' Association is not a bene
ficiary one, and the nuestion is asked,
"What good does It do for the Grand
Army?" This can best be answered by
the veterans themselves, many of whom
will see perchance at this encampment
in one of these gray haired women the
pentle face that his eyes first rested upon
when they opened after tne work of the
surgeon's knife was done, or the cool
hands that smoothed his fevered brow
or hcUl the cooling drink to his parched
lips.
While many of these nurses are from
SO to 90 years of ace, others are yet
bright, active women, and all belong to
the W. R. C. or Ladies of the G. A. A.,
where ther are still working for their
boys; but it is a sad thought that ther©
will not be many more meetings of these
veteran women of the Civil War for
Foon they, like their comrades of th©
Grand Army, will have gone In to "those
gr^en tents, the curtains of which never
outward swing."
The officers for the association for 1903
are: . President, Margaret Hamilton,
Wakefleld, Mass.: senior vice president,
Susannah Krlps, Philadelphia. Pa.; Junior
vice president, Elizabeth Tarbell, Aurora.
111.; secretary, Kate M. Scott, Brook vllle,
Pa.; treasurer' Nancy M. Hill, M. D., Du
buque, Iowa: chaplain, Ann M. Schram,
Fort Plain. N. Y.; guard, Mary J. Fox.
Camden, N. J.: conductor, Charlotte
Thompson. Broadhead Wis.: counselor,
Delia A. B. Fay, Upper Jay, N. T.
The Glorious History of tHe National Association.
"Tis sentiment ofttimes more than medi
cine that works wonders among wounded
soldiers. In 1S63 Mrs. Elizabeth R. Wil-
Bon had one boy under her care at Fraier
Hospital without any appeito or interest
in anything, wasted to a shadow; ther©
seemed no hope of his recovery. On© day
she drew a lot of handkerchiefs from the
sanitary commission, . one of which was
marked, "To a brave soldier boy— Beaver
Mrs. Spencer says her worst experience
was at the battle of the Wilderness,
where all night long she waded through
the rain and mud carrying coffee to the
wounded. Around har waist she had a
piece of stronr cloth fastened to form
a bag. in which was bread and meat, and
with six cups of coffee, three hooked
on each hand, she waded from her fir©
to th« wounded. She had no time nor
place to rest, and as far as she knew
was the only woman on the field.
Thus Mrs. Elmlra P. Soencer. the fa
mous nurse who averaged forty miles a
day on horseback from the steamer Plan
ter, which General Grant had placed In
her charge with over JOQO rations to every
battle in which the army of the Potomac
was engaged, describes herself. .'
tiou most people would have deemed un
tenable."
They Bailed December 16. 1&54, on the
steamer North American, commanded by
Captain Marthman cf Philadelphia, with
SC3 enlisted men on board, and on the
morning of the 22d the boat, which had
encountered a heavy gale, foundered and
went down with «!1 on board except
Mother Ransom and fifteen soldiers, who
were taken off t>y the Mary E- Llbby, a
Ehe was made sanitary agent In 1SC3 and
Jn 1£64 was Bent to New Orleans to look
after regiments encamped ther©. Then
eh© wa» detailed, to assist Surgeon Gen
eral McCormick in transferring the in
valid soldiers from there to New York.
phis. Tenn.. the following February,
where 6he assisted Mother BIckerdyke in
establishing the Gaynsa Hospital. Here
the was Joined by her only child. Miss
Abble Ransom, a young teacher, who was
sent out by the Sanitary Commission and
remained as her mother's assistant and
eecretary until stricken with typhoid
fever. Ayir.g from Its effects at her home
her twenty-fourth birthday. Left a
•widow end child'ess. Mrs. Ransom re
colved to devote herself to her country.
Mn. Eleanor© Ransom was commission
ed a nurse in December.' 1*52, by Governor
Morton of Indiana, &.rA, In company with
twenty-three other ladies, went to Mem-
For her heroic service the State of New
York tendered her the commission of xna-
tle with renewed vim. losing at Drurys
Bluff forty killed ar.d 125 wounded.
Though I wa» on the field all day, exposed
to the heavy flre. I was unhurt."
an3 when any of th© soldiers wanted a
I had them pour the hot water In
their over the ice and th«n drain
it off. xnaJclrg It cool. This refreshed
them eo much that they went Into bat-
rpe preserve dish I carried with me.
"Fourth of July. 1S64, was a frightfully
hot day." eays Mrs. Delia A. B. Fay.
who would not be left at home when her
husband Jnlr^d Company C. One Hun
dred and Eighteenth New York Infantry,
and f" became an army nurse, "and as
we had a long march the men suffered
preatly. On the way I discovered an lce
i-oufp." from which I got a large chunk cf
ire. This I broke Into final! pieces in a
Mrs. Elizabeth Wendell Ewing. the sec
ond national president of the Nurses' As
eoclaticn. tras born February 5, 1S41, at
Valley Forge, and says she was Inspired
with patriotism from her very birth. Her
husband, a member of the Pennsylvania
Reserves, was wounded and taken pris
oner at Malvern Hill, but was paroled
and cert to the United States General
Hospital at Baltimore, where his young
wife, leavirg their babe with Us grand
parents, joined him and nursed him un
til he recovered, when she was given
charge cf a ward of Confederate prison
ers, one of whom Paine, the man who
tried to kill Secretary Eeward the night
President Lincoln was assassinated,
rscaped one night Just after ehe had gon©
oft duty.
Ther© was great Interest taken In
these kitchens, and General Grant and his
staff, disguised as citizens, visited them.
end after Inspecting their working, said:
"They are wonderful; the most perfect
erstem In the army."
•Jong the Tlr.e of the army at the front
end in every Northern hospital. " and
though under Government authority, they
* - er© under her management. She selected
her aids with the greatest care. They
were net cooks, but women of Intelligence
end refinement, many of them wealthy.
r Th© Government term for them was
"dietary nurses."
"Oh. what breaking hearts many moth
ers are still carrying for their boys bur
led "in graves marked 'Unknown,' says
Mrs. Mary J. Boston, who not only served
through the whole war, but gave her
brother and brother-in-law at Fredericks
burg and nearly died, herself from blood
poisoning at treating gangrene patients
at Gettysburg. "After a particularly
tragic burial, while passing two open
• • •
In December, 1876, she removed to Cali
fornia, where she continued her gobd
work, being particularly Interested In the
erection of the Ransom Industrial Home
at Los Angeles, named for her and one
of her pet projects.
She had lost all her credentials, except
a little, water-soaked penciled note from
the medical director at New Orleans,
which she found In her pocket. This she
took to the United States Sanitary Com
mission, which cared for her tenderly and
rave her $50. As soon as she was able to
travel she returned to Memphis, where
phe was discharged In March, 1S65. She
then devoted herself to mission and res
cue work.
small sailing vessel, which came to their
assistance Just before the vessel went
down.
"A large roan horse, saddled, bridled
and leaded— upon each side a full knap
sack, «t th« back a roll of bedding. In
front hanging from the pommel a cof
fee pot. canteen and two haversacks filled
with supplies, which were accessible in
case of accident or hurry, and in the
middle of all my own dear self, In a posl-
" 'Ladies, I belong to Georgia. This
body is my brother. 1 . Then to Mrs. Wal
lace: 'Won't you stand 4*9 the grave to
represent our mother?' and to me, 'Won't
you represent our sister?' The minister,
Rev. V. d« Witt Talmage, who was
with the brother, then suggested that he
would stand at the head between those
two graves, with me between th© graves
opposite him, while the brother and Mrs.
Wallace stood together and the grave
digger on the other side of th© unknown
Confederate's grave. Then the minister
tiaid: 'That unknown soldier may hav©
as many loved ones somewhere, and on©
ceremony will do for both."
"The burial service was said, a beauti
ful prayer made, then 'ashes to ashes,'
and we left."
graves on the Confederate side of the
cemetery, a gentleman came to my friend,
Mrs. Wallace, and me and said:
Miss Ada Johnson's service was the
longest and most arduous of the whole
Civil War. She was actively engaged
from August. 1S61. to November. 1863. In
which time she nursed the sick in the
"Joe ftolt," the "city of hospitals." with
thousands and thousands of beds, or on
the hospital boats up and down the Ohio,
Mississippi and Tennessee rivers, or
traveled with the wounded In empty cat
tin cars up and down and across the war
lnfestcd country.
"Mother" Rebecca Otic, who was born
in Ireland, will always be revered in the
traditions of Jefferson Barracks, St.
Louis, where, with her husband, she
nursed the wounded soldiers from 1862
till the war ended, notwithstanding her
sorrow for the loss of her only child,
whose life was crushed out by a fallen
log while she was attending ghostly pris
oners from the rebel pen.
Dam, WIs." She carried this to him. say
ing. "This wag intended for you." He
took It. and as he read the inscription the
tears rolled over his boyish face, but
handing It back said, "Give It to some one
that Is braver than I am." Mrs. Wilson
told him to keep it until she came again.
N'fxt day he was able to sit up, and soon
recovered and went back to his regiment.
In the .Hospital
and tha Bivouac
MANY BATTLEFIELDS
THE SUNDAY CALL,
13Col. Martha!!. On. Beth Williams. Gea. Bafccock. Gen. Parker. M. 9. . lAdJt. Gen. Bowere. Gen. H. Porter. Gen. Dent. Gen. Ord.
Gen. R. E. Lee. Gen. 'Grant. Gen. In-alls. Gen. Badeau. Gen. Rawllni, C of 9 Qea. ShertAaa.
SURRENDER OF XEE— AppOmattOX Courthouse, Va., April 9» 1SC5»— From Alonzo Chappel's Famous Masterpiece. Copyrighted, 1885, by W. H. Stelle & Co., IT. T.
DURING the great Civil War the
State of California, so far. as open
hostilities tn the field were con
cerned, occupied a position . of
"splendid Isolation." When the
war broke out the Pacific Railroad was
but the dream of a few lmpractlcables.
The first transcontinental telegraph line
I waa In the process of construction. News
was carried from St. Louis to California
by means of the Pony Express until Oc
tober, 1S6L It required thirteen days for
mail to reach the coast by this method.
When Californlans went East they gen
erally^ Journeyed by way of the isthmus.
The trip across the plains was fraught
with too much danger and hardship.
The population of the State was heter
ogeneous. The great gold rush of 1849 had
caused California to be overrun by a
strange mixture of people. Blue-blooded
New Englanders. "heirs tojthe polish of a
far-reaching ancestry." had left their
homes to build up fortunes in the mines.
Elemental men from Texas." who had
never' attended school but. on* day. and
that day being a rainy day, the teacher
failed to appear, came hither to dig for
gold. Immigrants from the backwoods of
Arkansas and Missouri Jostled with court
ly adventurers from the Old World. Chi
nese and Kanakas had been lured from
> their Flowery Kingdom and their Island
Paradise by the wonders of the new El
Dorado. Men who said "I ain't one of
your abolitionists; why. my uncle' had a
nigger." associated with dyed-in-the-wool
opponents of the "peculiar institution."
Fugitives from Justice and men who had
been used to luxury and adherents of the
law worked side by side. To make of such
a population of this a loyal Union favor-
Ing population was the task of the sup
porters of the Union. The people of the
State -held to their Inherited vprejudices.
The men from New England were as
stanch advocates of liberty and Union
In California as they had been In their
birthplaces. The immigrants from the
Southern States sympathized openly with
the secession movement. The adherents
of the loyal' North outnumbered the
Southern sympathizers, but the latter on
account of social position and political
prestige constituted an element of great
danger. J
' Prior to the beginning of the struggle
| Colonel E. D. Baker was the mouthpiece
of the Union cause. During the trouble
Thomas Starr King stirred up the whole
Pacific Coast with his fervid appeals to
I patriotism. The history of the Civil War
days In California centers mainly around
the deeds of these two men/
E. D. Baker was born In England, but
at as early age cams to the United
States. His career was yie typical, varied
career of the self-made man. He had a
passion for books. He fought In the
Black* Hawk war, was a Congressman
from an Illinois district, went to the
Mexican war as the colonel of a Western
regiment and returned with a brilliant
record. In 1S32 he came to California and
at once leaped Into favor as a lawyer
and as an orator. The speeches he made
In favor of the Union- cause remind one of
the battle speeches of Napoleon. He was
a practical man and had the gift of
prophecy. He saw a situation clearly and
faced it resolutely. Freedom and fame
v/ere the watchwords of this matchless
orator. He had great moral and physical
courage. He aspired to be elected to
Congress from this State, but was defeat
ed. Thereupon the defeated candidate be
took himself to Oregon and was elected
a United States Senator from that State.
It was while on his way to Washington
to take his seat in the Senate that he
made his famous. speech at the American
Theater in San Francisco. For two
hours and a quarter the Senator held the
vast assemblage, spellbound. Freedom
was the theme of the speech. The im
passioned words of the orator thrill to
this day, although the issue that called
them forth lies buried.. This speech was
made on tho 26th of October, 1860. Per
haps the noblest paragraph In 'the speech
is the following:
"We are a city set on a hill. Our light
cannot be hid. As for me, I dare not, I
will not be false to freedom. Where In
my youth my feet were planted, there
my manhood and my age shall march. I
will walk beneath her banner. I will
glory in her strength. I Have seen her, in
history, struck down on a hundred chosen
fields of battle. I have seen her friends
fly from her; I have seen her .friends
gather around her; I have seen them bind
her to the stake; I have seen thpm give
her ashes to the winds, regathering them
that they might scatter 'them yet more
widely. But when they turned to exult,
I have seen her again meet them face to
face, clad in complete steel and brandish
ing in her strong right hand a flaming
sword of red with Insufferable light! And
I take courage. The genius of America
will at last lead her sons to freedom!"
At the great New York mass meeting
held on April 19. 1861, Baker was one of
the twenty prominent men who contrib
uted their oratorical powers in behalf of
the Union. Baker saw that the hour of
conciliation had passed; that the nation
bad before It a bloody, Internecine war,
and accordingly he used all his powers to
fan the recently kindled fire of war Into
a billow of flame. He said that he had
come a wanderer from the Pacific Coast
to record his oath to sustain the majesty
of the constitution, along with the people
of the Empire State.
The war begun. Baker plunged into it
with all the Impetuosity of his nature.
On^June 28, 1361, he was commissioned
colonel of the First California Infantry,
recruited In the East and composed of
returned Californlans. He declined the
appointments of brigadier general and
major general of volunteers, because the
acceptance of either would have neces
sitated his resigning the Senatorship. On
the 2d of August, 1861, Baker made an
impassioned reply to Senator Breckin
rldge of Kentucky. Breckinridge had
stoken against a proposed measure to
suppress Insurrection. Baker attended
the session of the Senate In the dual role
of Senator and colonel; he was clad in
the uniform of a colonel. The impression
produced by. this soldier statesman clad
In the habiliments of war was profound
He stirred up patriotic enthusiasm and
completely overwhelmed Breckinridge.
This was the last speech ever made by
Baker. He commanded a brigade at Balls
Bluff, where he < fell at the head of his
troops. A savage hand-to-hand fight'oc
curred^for.the possession of his body. At
last the Union forces recovered posses
sion of it and carried it to the river. Bak
er's loss was keenly felt.
-While thia renowned Western orator
was winning fame In the East by his
words and deeds a product of the East
fanned the war flame in the West. In
1SG0 Thomas Starr King, a Unitarian min
ister from Boston/became the minister
of the. First Unitarian Church of San
Francisco. Although of frail and sickly
body, he was filled with the spirit of lib
erty. When he saw that tue South in
tended to secede and disrupt the Union
he rushed into the lists and. did all in
hts power to make men see the folly of
the secession movement. - He believed in
human liberty with every fiber of his
being. He thought that the success of
the secession movement would* block hu
man progress, and accordingly he threw
himself heartland soul into an effort to
frustrate the scheme of the disruptlon
ists. I
Mr. King endeavored to cause the
steadfast to remain firm, and to bring the
lukewarm into the ranks of the sup
porters of the. Union. To, this doughty
champion of liberty the republic was an
anointed temple of the Lord. and. the at
tempt of the secessionists to break it' open
was a sacrilege.'. He had a firm grasp on
the principles on which the "fathers" had
t>as€d their form of government, and h<s
attempted to rekindle in the breasts of
his generation the same sentiments that
had inspired the founders. He prepared
lectures on "Washington, Father of His
Country," "Lexington and Concord" and
"Webster, Defender of tho Constitution,"
all patriotic in the extreme, and threw
himself upon the disciples of the Confed
eracy. He traversed the State. He went
up the Sacramento Valley, over the
rough Sisklyou Mountains into Oregon
and from thence to Puget Sound. He
6poke for the Union, and for the woui-ded
soldiers. He materially assisted the ef
forts of the Sanitary Commission, that
body of patriotic men and women banded
together to assist wounded and needy sol
diers. In some places the orator's life
was threatened. Men who administered a
rude form of justice with the rlflo and
the rope in somq of the interior mining
towns drew weapons on him. But he was
not deterred, and in a short time it was
seen that the Pacific Coast was saved to
the Union. It was then that Starr King
took up the work of the Sanitary Com
mission. On account of tho lack of fa
cilities for transporting troops from the
Pacific Coast to the scene ' of war, the
Government did not call for troops from
this section for use In the struggle. Tne
energies of the men of the Pacific Coast
were therefore turned in another direc
tion.
i If the Government did not want the
*blood of the Far West, it did wanUits
treasure. The East sacrificed its blood
upon the altar of war, while the West
poured its treasure thereon in unstinted
measure. ; It is not too much to say that
the gold sent by [California, arriving as
it did at the most opportune time, had as
much to do with causing the downfall
of the Confederacy as did certain Union
successes In the field. Into this work of
raising money Starr King threw himself
with as much vigor as he had displayed
in his effort to make the State
loyal. , In 1864 this devout worshiper
of liberty -..died. On that- sad occa
sion San Francisco went Into mourn
ing. The city draped, itself in black;
the- big .'.smoothbores on Alcatraz
spoke out- their solemn notes; flags were
lowered to half mast and public offices
were closed. Thomas Starr * King laid
down his life for his countryias truly as
if he had fallen on the field of battle.
There were other Californlans who did
heroic. service In behalf of the Union, but
the names of Baker and King will ever be
linked in the history of this State as the
two foremost figures of Civil War days.
The one . frowned down on * the , secession
movement. He showed, the fallacy of the
arguments on which it was based. He
was a devout believer In freedom and ver-
lly believed in the maintenance of an in
dissoluble Union of indestructible States.
The other took up the work begun by the
former. He held to the same political
tenets and expressed them in a way calcu
lated to stir the spirits of men. If the
State of California ever takes advantage
of the act of Congress permitting the va
rious States to present statues of their
two most illustrious sons to the statuary
hall in the Capitol at Washington, two
more Illustrious than those of E. D. Baker
and Thomas Starr King cannot be sug
gested.
As before stated, the antebellum days
in California were mainly taken up in the
struggle of Baker and his colleagues to
meet the arguments of the secessionists,
while the war days saw Starr King and
his colleagues at work creating Union
sentiment and assisting in the work of the
Sanitary Commission. But there were
other happenings worthy of note in those
days. Tho population of the State was
made up of bo many peculiar elements
that all sorts of eccentric ideas were
given currency. One of the most absurd
propositions made prior to the beginning
of the struggle was the proposed estab
lishment of a Pacific republic. The Shas
ta Herald in 18S0 in discussing political
matters said:
"If disunion does come neither North
nor South need look for aid and comfort
from the Pacific Coast. The Almighty has
piled up the elements along these shores
for a great empire, and if it needs he can
make It one. We have no such interest
that would demand an alliance with
either of the belligerents upon the other
side. We are and have been for ten years
as fully separated from them as though
we were a foreign colony. This coast can
stand alone % and if disunion between
North and South ever comes it will stand
alone and Independent. When that day
comes— if, unfortunately. It should ever
come— then 'long live the Pacific repub
lic* "
This proposition never gained much
headway, but it was particularly aggra
vating and called forth some scathing
editorials from the *Union press. The San
Francisco Bee in an editorial said:
- "Aside from a few disappointed office
seekers there are not to be found to-day
in California, outside of the State prison,
a thousand voices to give, encouragement
to, the reason."
As before Indicated, the Federal Gov
ernment made no call on California for
troops to use on Eastern battlefields. But
a large number of men were mustered
into service to protect mail and telegraph
lines, and* to keep down- Indian uprais
lngs, and to awe Southern sympathizers.
Less populous than any of the older E^aat-
era States, there was given to the Pacific
Coast the task of keeping loyal the ter
ritory ceded by Mexico In the treaty of
Guadalupe Hidalgo. Troops were scatter
ed over this vast area, and th« task Im
posed was faithfully discharged. Many
Californlans, chafing at the enforced In
activity In military movements, betook
themselves to the East, and there en
listed.
The men elected to offlce In this Stats
during the struggle were In the main
"High-minded men." They were In
politics in response to patriotic senti
ments. There was a copperhead move
ment during the struggle that had to be
reckoned with. AH the Influence of the
Union clubs, the loyal press, and the
military department was called Into requi
sition to disrupt the misguided agitation.
In the election of 1S64 civil fludgeon ran
high. The State was undoubtedly for
Lincoln, but anxiety existed for the East.
The canvass was a warm one. Lincoln
carried the State by 20.000 majority. When
it became apparent that he was re-elected
San Francisco made a holiday. Men
marched about the streets cheering and
singing. In the re-election of the cham
pion of the republic the people felt they
had a man whom they could trust, and
whose policy was certain to bring victory.
When the news of Lincoln's assassina
tion reached the Coast men were horri
fied. It was feared that the war would re
open, that Union soldiers would revenge
his death by a general massacre of Con
federates. The financial condition of the
country became serious. But as In th©
cases of the assassinations of Garfleld
and McKInley. the people saw tha.t the
striking of the President had no more
effect on the republic than the angry
striking of some venomous Insect of the
sea against the steel plate of a battleship.
Accordingly the men of San Francisco
prepared to pay their respects to the mem
ory of the martyred President in a solemn
runeral. Tho sight was very Impressive,
and the services held at Mechanics*
Pavilion were long remembered.
The war was over, the Union saved,
and Union hearts were filled with Joy.
California had done all that had been
asked of her. Routes of travel had been
guarded. Indian tribes had been held in
check. Taxes had been paid with cheer
fulness. Mineral treasure had been
poured out to assist In the preservation of
liberty. Half a million dollars had been
given by loyal hearts to the Sanitary
Commission to assist In mitigating the
sufferings of the wounded and to assist
the well being of those In the field.
Poured Into the ceffers of the Union at
an opportune time. It forwarded "the
Union cause on to victory.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
14
CALIFORNIA'S CIVIL WAR DAYSmsmMmB^mismY%iimm^mmm^m&?Mm
Lillian Cooper, Bulsun, M A New Fashioned Girl"; Emma. Vofel, Guiauh, "The Lone Ranch"; Richard
Kipj>, Folsom, "Deer Blayer"; Vlrgie Mayne, Alviso, "Flower Fables"; Flossie Lanre, Oakland, tea. set;
M. A. Becker, East Oakland, "The Giraffe Hunters"; Irene McGulre, 126 Erie street. Ban Francisco,
"Tom Brown's School Days" ;* Edna Murphy. lOfiO Harrison street, Oakland, ••"Water Babies" ; Roy Brown,
East Oakland, "The Golden Canyon": Lule Vlerra, Moss, "Adventures In Tropics"; Leslie Jone*, Oro
vllle, "Wa.ter Babies"; Myrtle Taylor, Oakland, "Princess of Moor"; Walter Mllbury, Vlaalla, 'Tom
Brown's School Days"; Frank Dame. Ashland, Ore.. "Tom Brown'* School Days"; Ella 'Walters, Ban
Jose. *^Vater Babies"; CalU Schwendt, Belma. "Children of the Abbey"; ; Fred. Coblenta, Tracy, "The
Bpy**} Frank Hansen, Selma, '"Water Babies"; Zelda Powell, Oakland, "A New Faehloned Olrl"; Oene
vleve Rouan, C5 Iowa street. Ban Francisco, "The- Spy"; B. E. de Wayne, Wheatland. "A New Fashioned
Glrl M j Estella Kern, Stockton, "Adventures In Tropics"; May Button/ San Jose, "The Earl Queen"; lii-
Eie Hepper, Butter Creek, "Tom Brown's 6cho"ol Days"; Hat el Kirk, San Jose, "Children of '.the Ab
bey"* Mamie Brown, Qalt, "New Fashioned Girl"; Nettie de . Paoll r Butter Creek, "The Pathfinder"; M&-
i a p-r-n zur ZJTXIiS BED 2007 TS A BOW, AT A TOUCH SXBW HIGH
ABDIiOWj NOWTHTSPIOTUBB CABEFUIiLY BOA27, A1O)
H nin> THB BED MEW IT YOTTOAN/'r ¦;'".' • ,
Hurrah! Children, here Is a patrlotlo i Jingle fo? you to conjure
with, and the most timely and appropriate riddle that could have been
dervijiod for this most auspicious occasion— the ' annual «ncampment of
tht Qrand Axmy of the Bepubllo on the broad shores of the PadJELo.*
Doesnt that all touxxd impofllngf 'Well, that Is , Just wtat thli
riddle dsserresi for the secret' contained In that maglo Jingle has long
been one of the mofet spectacular features of all America's Imposing cel
ebrations—like the present G. A. B. encampment, for Instance. v ":¦'¦•¦¦•¦--.
Just look closely at that ludicrous tangle of those funny little
guomesl Their antics alone ought to solve the riddle for you If you are
at all keen. Zf you are not, Just read about the Mother Goose Frolio at
the top of the page and see if you fan get up one like It among your
boy and girl friends. Such sport as that will surely sharpen your wits.
Of course, It Is barely possible that you haven't made the discov
ery for yourself before reading this far, but Hjou will look closely you
will find the answer to this riddle hidden In half a dozen places in
the picture. You know you must find them all and mark each of them
in pencil or ink, as well as solve the riddle and paint up the whole
picture if you want one of those exceedingly fascinating books enumer
ated in tha list below. So now go to work if you want to have plenty
of fun, f rolio and rich reward.
,»™fl new listen carefully. This is what you must do to win one of
those ii'lJri'X FBIZES: After solving the Fairy Biddle printed in big
letters at tht top of the picture below, find all tht objects the answer
to tht riddle represents, outline each in pencil or ink and then color
with paints, <™*«. water colors or. crayons the whole Faint Picture as
artistically as yen csa make It, fill in the coupes with, your; solution
of the Fairy Biddle, your name and address and the prise you desire— U '
you win— and §end tb.8 picture, with the coupon attached, to the ED
ITOR or THE ANIMAL FABLES AND 3TJZZLE PAGE, Sunday Call,
San Francisco, CaL . . ; -.,' -„/!. '• ' *'" '¦ -. \ ' > •' •"¦
To the FIBST FIFTT win not only solv* th» I"alry Blddl* cor
rectly and find all tht objects enumerated in the rlddla, but whoM pio
tuns art th§ HOST ABTISTIOALLY C0L0KED, on» of ties* Fifty
prlxes will bt awarded. Bemember, old and young may compete, but
AT.T. ANSWEES MUST BEACH THIB OFFICE BEFOSE FBTDAY
¦.HoosyXi •';,;.:>. ' X-. ¦-,>-'"/.>'¦. ... ¦¦.:.-. ¦/•• - r
. THE NAHEB OF TKS LTJCKY WLNUEBfl WILL EE ' PUB
LISHBI>\nr TBRB BVVDJLY CALL TWO. WEEKS FBOK TO-DAY,
-August 8Ow'; L - ' /t : ; "... : - V::' ; ': : -'.- : - j
: :::.:VOZLOW,iTtt^BJJJ^- : G*. YOTT : WHX" BE DE3ARBED. j
Those who won prises to th.o Second Fairy Riddle, published on
. •npsJHIi"'.-iii.raB^:LI8T OFJ PRIZES FROM WHICH TOF M.1T CHOQSB
iVYOUWtNi M Prlnoeu of the Moor." by B. Marllttt "Tike Goldem
. II •¦• CsByn, 1 * »y O. A. Heatyi M A4ventvrci 1» thm TrojUc*.** *r Fwiei
'v",';lek G€**tm*1fmr% ••The 8pTt** fcr .J. »"«nla«»r« Cooperi "Children et
the Abber." lr R«rt»a Ilul» Roche 1 "Xke Giraffe Utmters," by C»9
tats Umth» R*1#i "Water Babies," by Charlea Kina-sleyi "By Sheer
Pluclc," « tale «f the Ashantl War. by O. A. Hentyi "Tom Brown at
Oxford," hr Thomai Hnghen "Polly, m. New-Faahioned Maid," by JU T.
Hci4«i «Tb« De«ril*r«r," by J. Fenlraors Cooperi H J«okmaapei,* by
Joltama Horatio Bwian «Unatln» In th« Great We«t," by Q. O. Shleldat
"The Karl-' dieea." by Nataly ?o» • - E3aehatralli "Flower Fable*, 1 *
by Louisa May Alootti "Tom Bre-mi's School Day*," by Thomaa Hngketi
HAdTcn tares lm C«ba," by F. U Oawalilt "Qneenle'a Whim," by Rosa
N. Carey i "Tho Lose Ilanch," by CaptaLn llayae Held 1 "The Pathflad
er," by J. Fealmore Cooper, ¦ ," ¦ , '
Here Are the Lucky Fifty Prize Winners in the ?'Cock-a-Doodie-Doo 9 ' Riddle Published August 2.
bel Birchtll," U8 Stftlner itreet, Ban Francisco, "Flower Fables"; Mollle Smith. 40 Bteuart street, Ban
Francisc©, "CT^dren>of the bbe 5 r !' : •Haxold;MoBher^-LortnV'' # Tli«* Pathfinder*': Ludle Mosher, Lorln.
"Adventures' In .Tropics'," rlUlna Rom, 153,OctaTla street. San Francisco, "Flower Fable*": Frank "Webs
ter, Corona, "Th«. Pathfinder"; Heleir Eplnney, Ross, "The Lone Ranch": Nadlna Atwood, Santa Cruz.
'The: Pathfinder^ 1 j^Vlolet^^ of !;thY Moor # '5:'.Orayc8; Gordon, Woodbridgre, "A
New Fashioned -Girl" ; Jo© , Proflmo.y, Butter Crtek, "JLdventurejs In Cuba" ; Harry White, Fruitvale, "Ad
venturesi ln;the<Trojd<»"; 1 I. %^ Oakland. .•'Children of
th» Abbey" ; >Helen - Kern," 124 \ Ban Joss avenne, Ban Francisco, "Water Babies" ; Leonard Coombs, Agnew.
"Tom Brown's : Boaool DaysV ; Julius Oadthe. Stockton. '"The Patbflnders"; 'Amy Rice ; San t* Crux, "A
New Fashioned Girt" { Mary- Bates, Blchmoad, "Queenis** Whim"; Gladys Adley, Palo Alto, "Queenlo'a
Whim"; Sadie Ruff, 435 Bryant street, Ban Francisco* "The Pathfinder";' Fred Klein, 1507 Jackson
etreet. Ban: FrandBco, "Tom Brown at Oxford"; Walter Klein, 1507 Jackson street, San Francisco, "A
New FMhloned^QlrLr^-x'-^'Vy^^:?:^^^^^^' " ' < ' \
THE SUNDAY CALL.
AT one of the show places in Newport there is to be given by a young miss of 10 a Mother Goose frolic, to which will be invited nearly a hundred boys and jrfrli.
Of course there will be Little Bo-Peep, Jack Horner, Simple Simon, Old Mother Hubbard, Miss Muffett and all the rest of the merry troop. The frolic will take place on the srreat
lawn, which will be well equipped with swings, croquets, battledore and shuttlecock, balls and hoops. The most novel idea in connection with the entertainment will be a gooseberry tree.
A goose drill is being arranged, a score of little folks having been selected to take part. They will be made to look as much as possible. like goslings through the aid of a theatrical cos
tumer, who is making papier mache bodies and bills,. with funny adjustable ;webbcd feet and plenty of feathers. The^illwiU be performed by. the feet, which' the little folks will work by their
hands concealed beneath wings, which will work on wires." The effect is sure i to be very amusing. ' - . •• i - V " * £ ¦/-' : -:\ V ...\-'-' : - .-'" v/ 1 '¦"' '*'>
Refreshments Will also be served on the lawn, with Mother. Goose presiding/' An immense goose sitting on a nest of gooseberry tarts. will form the center piece. The gooseys to.be worked
automatically, at a signal from the hostess being removed from, the nest, disclosing the tarts, which will be distributed to the little guests. At each plate will be a large sugar egg, on which will be
a rhyme suited to the character chosen. / J "¦>"'• . '. ' ..:'./- '
15
OUR FAIRY RIDDLES AND PAINT
PICTURE
" TO THE BDXTOB ' ¦ i >
AUXBLAIi FABI^SI
AMD FUZZUD
August 16, '1803. : :
Name . . . . • • . . . • . ... .. . . . • . . . .;
Street or P. 0...... ............
............ V.."... ¦.;...';.'.¦.¦.
state ; . . . i ;..;.. • T. .^. '. ¦_. . r ;';.i m \
My solutioa of thia .week's
Fairy Biddle is ..... ...» . . . . . . .
; If I win I choost for prlxe
(fs« tut. of Mass.)' ¦winner
Contest of
; . This puzzle contest of the FOURTH SERIES closes to-day, but if you are still persistent, ¦ indus
trious and.clever you may still have a chanceat that special prize of,? 10 and a second prize of ?5 which
is to be awarded for the highest percentage of correct answers In rthe whole t series of thirteen weeks.
These are the TWENTY-FIVE I NEW PRIZES from which you may Select if you solve Sail the
puzzles ; correctly: Fishing rod, k napeack, ;belt f buckle, pocket-knife, . b oy's nickel chain, wrist purso, flsh
inc line, hook 'and Binkera i; bathing -suit :j (for boys vnot /oyervl4j years 'Old)?;tennlsi racquet.; catcher's
baseball mitt, ping pong set, ; bas ebali, letter seal, postage-stamp albu m, set Bilyer; beauty pins, baseball
mask, naval war game, sUver bracelet, ¦gold-filled horseshoe brooch, silver stickpin, silver hatpin,
wooden writing desk, nail-file, hair comb, doll. '•".-¦¦ .
Those who won prizes in the •Eleventh Set— the" Names of Dickens' Stories— published in the Sun
day Call of August 6, will find their names ih.the announcement printed in another column. ;
W :H, CHILDREN, NOW FOR THE FUN! THIS IS THE LAST PUZZLE CONTEST; OF. THE FOURTH
&A. SERIES^ \ TO-DAY THE THIRTEEN WEEKS ARE UP. AND NOW HANDS UP—ALL THOSE
u > WHOi THINK. THEY HAVE WON ONE OF THOSE SPECIAL $5 AND S10 PRIZES. :
However, not too fast. This week has to be /included 1 , in the. Fourth Series, before the Puzzle^
Editor can begin his arduous work of figuring out the highest percentages of the whole Thirteen
Weeks. And so, in the meantime, you can test your faculty for close anid keen observation by solving
the ten little pictures on this page. Is there a .- boy or girl among you' who" does not know all about
toys? You've all been in toy stores— or at least have looked in through th?- window at the beautiful
things on display there— the beautiful things that always cost just a'little more mjoney than you have
to spend. Therefore you ought to be able to guess what the^e pictures represent Vat the Very first
glance. " . , .. ••¦ ; '.' . ) \' v . , I :' '
Try No. 1, for instance. But that is too easy. Why, the name is, written" all over .the picture.
Any child who has ever seen one of those funny little toys could tell it J was,a jack-in-the-box, even
if there was no reading on the picture at all. And— but try the rest yourself. / a V ; - ,¦„>,.
Remember, each of the ten pictures iiithis; the Thirteenth and Last Set in the FOURTH SERJES
of the Sunday Call's great puzzle contests, represents the name of an Article Seen in a*Toy Store. ; Can
you guess themP Try and see; if you are successful— well, read the list below for £he rich reward, that
will come to you. . ¦ . "¦..
[ .v.S REMEMBER— You may send in as many answers in your nam e as you wish, provided only that
you have a coupon to accompany each, answer, and— REMEMBER— th ere is uo age lirait and young and
old may compete. . . : ¦ - ¦' . .
THE; NAMES r OF TH^ LUCKY WII'NEES WILL BE PUBLISHED IN THE SUNDAY CALL
TWO WEEKS FROM TO-DAY, August 30. . ,' '- ¦
Now here are the important points for you t? remembsr: The First Forty Boys and . Girls who
tend In correct solutions to these ten •' pictures before noon next Friday will" win a prize. Don't
forget that point, because it is very important. ALL /-NS WEBS MUST Rj£ A CH THIS OFPICE BY
FRIDAY NOON. This gives all those in the country an equal chance to cempeta. Read everything on
this page, to be sure that you overlook nothing, that will help you to win a prize.
This is what you must do to win one of those forty prizes: Tind the name of an Aiticle-Seen in
a Toy Store represented in each of the ten puzzle pictures and write it out -'In? full' in. the,- space oppo
site the proper corresponding number provided for the purpose in the coupon on' this page as per; its di
rections; '£11} in your name and address and the prize you desire— if you win— and mail the coupon to
the Puzzle. Editor, Sunday _ Call, San^FranciBco. -
FOfXOW THE RULES OR YOU. WILl'bE DEBARRED.
Each o? These Ten pc|i||| SSg^%€^S^j^%]^^J^^^^?.
i|i^ll^Cfll|||f !$ a Toy ':Sto>€---Cah YelJ
THE SUNDAY CALL.
BELOW 1b given tha list of pxtea
winners In the puzzle contart
of August 2. This was th*
Eleventh Set— tha Names of Dici.sn»*
Stories — in the Fourth Serlaa of
Name Puzzles, begun on Hay 24. S*«
if you axe one of tha lucky forty,
winners:
Myrtle KTynkel, £1 Verano, sllveB
beauty pins; Lenora Bausr, Stockton,
ping pong set; Bonnie Hite, Freeport,
naval war game; Buth Dewey, San
Rafael, nail file; Mrs. Rosenberg, 309
California street, San Francisco,
writing desk; Mary Feckham, San
Jose, tennis racquet; Belle Radcliffe,
Watsonville, ping pong set; Mar
guerite Ballantyne, Oakland, writing
desk; Leora Moore, 11 14 A Filbert
street, San Francisco, brooch; Ethel
Connelly, Berkeley, silver bracelet;
Mary Billingslea, 336 Turk street,
San Francisco, tennis racquet; Alma
Jones, 010 Minnesota street, San
Francisco, writing desk; Isabel
McCarthy, Alameda, ping pong
Btt; Ruth McCabe, Modesto, sil
ver bracelet; B. Simpson, Monson,
writing desk; Statia Ward, Mare Isl
and, writing desk; Ella McBride, Pa
cific Grove, ping pong set; Estello
Clark, Vallejo, ping pong set; Ber
hett Hanna, San Jose, silver bracelet;
Oscar Schwendt, Selraa. naval war
game; Stuart Rugg. Oakland, stamp
album; Jack Wallace, San Jose,
catcher's mitt; R. C. Anthony, Los
Angeles, naval war gams; Everett
Marshall, Comptche, knife; Russell
Ashton, Calistoga, tennis racquet;
Ed Pendleton, Santa Cruz, nail file;
Victor Doyle, Berkeley, catcher'a
mitt; George Ho well, Presidio, San
Francisco, catcher's mask; Willis
Duncan, 904 McAllister street, San
Francisco, bathing suit; W. B. Mor
ris, 441 Gough street, San Fran
cisco, knife; Herbert Hiestaul, Los
Gatos, bathing suit; Irving Bock,
1473 O'Farrell street, San Francisco,
knife; Philip Fisher, Oakland, fish
ing rod; Calvert Judjins, Golden
Gate, catcher's mftt; C. W. Pan, 963
Twenty-sixth avenue, East Oakland,
ping pong set; David Cleveland, "Elm
hurst, knife; Otto Pape, San Lean
dro, ping pong set; Eddie Fontenau,
Stockton, brooch; Burnette Yount,
72 Hartford street, San Francisco,
knife; Reta Caler, 3739 Seventeenth
street, San Francisco, wrist purse.
16
OUR NAME PUZZLES
Solve the Puzzles,
HU Cut the Coupon
2nd Send It to
ihe Puzzle Editor,
JLunday Call, S. F.
To Puzzle Editor, Sunday Call,
San Francisco:
. Below in their proper num-
bers please find my solution of
the Name of an Article Seen in
a Toy Store represented In this
week's name puzzles:
1
2 -
3 -
4 -
0 m -
6
T w. ....................
0 „ }.jj,J
10 .-. :
P \ '. August 16, 1903. T
'¦'
Ifame ... •..«..* ••••••1.1.
City *.. ..
If I win I choose for prize
<£f LUt of Prl««.)Sunday Call Comic SectionTHE SUNDAY CALL.THE SUNDAY CAL.!*THE SUKDAY ; CAIili.PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCrV—XO. 77.
Pages#ti*3|
TAFT ACCEPTS PORTFOLIO
OF SECRETARY OF -WAR
- NEW YORK. Aug. 13.— A Washington
special # to the Dally News says:
."A nigh official of the Government is
authority for the unequivocal statement
that the", portfolio of Secretary of War
has* been accepted by W. H. Taft, civil
foyernor of 'the Philippine Island*'*
Continued on Page 24, Column 1.
Constantinople,. which might give encour
agement, to the. revolutionary elements in
Macedonia^ .'as- Count LamsdorfTs note,
published to-day,^" shows that Russia is
keeping -the question of "satisfaction for
the murder of the Consul in-Monastir dis
tinct'from' the general ' Macedonian ques
tion: -. ".-:¦¦ '-: v • - . - *¦¦
" PARISrAug. 15.— Although Foreign Min
ister-Delcasse and most of the responsible
officials. are absent, assurances were given
that -official .opinion , is\ strongly " in sup
port -of /Russians' action, as the 'French
policy I throughout; has' favored en ener
getic' course. 1'-' "
RUSSIA'S : STERN" j DEMANDS.
VST.. PETERSBURG,, Aug. 15.— The fol
lowing; summary of - telegrams exchanged
between I the Foreign Office' and - Russian
". BERLIN." Aug.': lo.-rThe; foreign; officials'
here r do "riot f believe - that " th'e^j Russian
Black'" Sea* sauadron" will aDDear' before
as the news, would 'seem indicate that
Russia Intends: to pursue a 'more* Ihd'e
pendgnt course, than heretofore. 4 > . * > :'
.', LONDON, "Aug. There "• is reason •: to
believe jthat jthe". powers-^ertainly Great
Britain— will -raise no^ objection ,to the de^
mands'qf.' Russia upon f Turk*ey. or; to" the
stayibf;herj squadron; In. Turkish^ waters
until .- her ; demands^shall ; have'been : fully
.complied* with:* 1 . Count iLamsdorffs : repre
sentations <tp] Bulgaria^ are due to the\wish
of the, Russian Government to ; lqcallze'the
trouble, as ¦ desired ! - by . Great - Britain ; and
Austria?^: It :wa~8 announced , % at'^the. Ad
miralty ub-day.that^ no .'instructions \had
been-serit ; to the Mediterranean, fleets to
proceed > to ] th'e -Eastern . Mediterranean.;
Two' British' guardshlps^are- stationed at
Constantinople; and : a', cruiser, ' is : at ; Salon-'
ica.\ '*-.!i ;^> \-'.[ .'.'.- ''¦"'; »-i ;.','i :
.The dlspatch'of:theisquadron.lsJintend
ed to •; emphasize?, Russia's MnteritiqnV to
exact- complete;- compliance^- with* hexvde
mands • as * to'; satisfaction' for 'the "murder
by a" Turkish " gendarme '¦ of : Her' Consul at
'• ' ¦ . - ¦-.<¦¦-¦¦¦',' - - '¦ r if ,v 1".
Monastlr. -, .„ ...v : , w . . -,.•,.-',.•
Aug> 15.— The. publication .Taere
of . the announcement ithatiRussla' intends
to send a 'fleet '¦, to^the^ Black '.U Sea'-jnas
caused general Jsurpriso.* 1 .ThisV being-, a
holiday; it is lmpOTSiole}i6yprbcu^
flcial »statement % ,but»;^^ amongiminor^of
flcials '• and^ thei I public , generally the J ppin-'
ion^ is; expressed ~ f thatj unless^ it k ;deyelopa'
that- Austria?, was ;6f^ Russia's
propiosedVactip^theVAustfp^Ru'ssianfBai-"
kan • agreement: may ' be i vltaily'"'atfected;
St. Petersburg; ;' Aug. ; 15— a
.squadron -of the Russian Black; Sea
'-;•'¦ fleet I has ; been V ordered - to ; sail for
, Turkish '"/'waters: '.^ Notification?- of
-' this. "nib ve^ has '.been; telegraphed
from Sebastopol • to \. the" 5 : Russian "Embas
sador in Constantinople. '> { ; ? '.. ',," .
' BAR HARBOR, Me.. Aug. 13.— The bat
tleship Massachusetts, which stove sev
eral boles in her bottom when sha scraped
Egg Rock Wednesday, floats on th» water
more lightly to-night than before, having
been relieved of immense quantities of
naval supplies. It is not anticipated that
there will be much difficulty in taking the
Massachusetts to a navy yard after tem
porary repairs have been comolcted. It
is expected that she will proceed under
her own steam early next week.
DISTRESSED BATTLESHIP
RIDES WATER LIGHTLY
Russi&fr Discigtiriingl itifeXftek&urkpHas^the Support
The Volunteer .Fleet Association has
nineteen ships, ten of which have a speed
of over nineteen knots. Ihey are all
auxiliary cruisers of the Russian navy.
The Smolensk is 430 feet long, with a dis
placement of 12,000 tons, indicated horse
power 16,500 and a speed of twenty knot*.
TWO .SOVEREIGNS -WHO ARE ,< CENTRAL' A FIGURES .IN THE <.' MOST % SENSATIONAL DEVELOPMENT OF
THE;,B^LKANS^aSTUATIQN; - TYPES % OF S. MACEDONIAN WOMEN. -WHO -> ARE ; SAID . TO BE AIDING
i IN FIGHTING- THE • TURK,' V AND A ,WAR SCENE ON" THE BULGARIAN BOUNDART.'
It is thought' that property losses '- and
financial -troubles, have! caused their sad
condition,. although they still 'own a val
uable lemon orchard in San Diego Cou my. 1
The mother Is about 60 and .the daughter
40 years; of. age. .During, their. V.IIfe" in
Washington , Miss ' Denver . was V an 'ac
knowledged social favorite. ";
They J have since been adjudged ; lncbmpe-'
tent and removcd;to a sanatorium.' '
• The investigation will embrace other al
leged land.frauds, throughout the Rocky
Mountain and Pacific Coast States. ,
sweeping investigation of scandals in the
Interior Department, in which officials
of the Dawes Commission and of the.De
partment of Justice are alleged to be
involved. Hitchcock had a long talk with
President Roosevelt to-day at Oyster Bay
concerning, frauds in Indian Territory, in
view of the unexpected publicity given
these frauds, it was j decided . that unless
an investigation were openly -ordered at
once by the Secretary of the Interior, Con
gress, when it convene in October, might
or^er an Investigation of its own. It is
desired to avoid this, if possible, and the
announcement of. a searching Inquiry by
officials of the Interior Department was
made public to-day. _
Secretary Hitchcock to-day sent word to
J. George ' Wright, the Indian Inspector
In absolute charge in Indian < Territory
and ; one of the Government officials in
volved In the alleged \ scandal, that he
would either have to resign his office as
stockholder in the Muskogee Title and
Trust Company, which is operating In In-!
dlan Territory,, or leave the Government
service. No word has yet . been • received
from Wright. ~ V' • ' < * •
WASHINGTON.; Aug. 15.— Secretary, of
the Interior Hitchcock .has .ordered a
Admittance to the house was gained by
force, and the . invaders » were • received
most unwillingly by the lerrllied women.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 15.— As ; a .result
of trouble, the exact nature of which is
not known to their relatives and friends,
Mrs. Eliza J. Denver, the widow of the
late Captain Denver of Washington) who
was a brother of St Clalr. Denver, 'after
whom Colorado's chief city was named,
and her daughter have become hopelessly
insane at Coronado Beach and It has been
necessary to send them to a private asy
lum. The two women have resided in this
part of the State about four years and
until about a year ago they made Los
Angeles their home. They went to Cor
onado and rented a cottage "not far: from
the hotel. They made many friends
among the people residing there, bui of
late have been acting strangely, refusing
to see their closest friends, ' and giving
everybody to understand that they wished
to be left alone.
After numerous fruitless attempts to
communicate with Mm. Denver and
daughter, people gradually began leaving
them alone. Within the past two weeks,
however, their actions have caused j some
alarm, and fears have been entertained of
a double tragedy being enacted within
the little cottage. An effort- was .finally
made to enter the house, but the windows
and doors were found barred and all"in
quirers were denied admission. The
couple even refused to receive their mail,
and the grocer and other tradespeople
were sent away without reason. Consid
erable - money was spent in an effort to
locate friends and relatives of the unfor
tunate women, and finally a determined
effort was decided upon to solve the mys
tery-
Novoe Vremya announces that the Volun
teer Fleet Association in Odessa will in
augurate a regular service between the
black Sea and the United States in the
coming autumn, and that the steamer
Smolensk will make the first trip.
Russian Auxiliary Cruisers to Ply
Between the Black Sea and
United States Ports.
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. IS. — The
ODESSA FLEET_TO BEGIN
SERVICE TO AMERICA
Asylum Doors Close
on Mother and ;
Daughter.
Secretary of Ih-
I terior Orders
| :.;. Inquiry.
LAND FRAUD
SCANDAL TO
BE PROBED
MISFORTUNE
DIMS THEIR
INTELLECTS
PARIS, Aug. 13. — Th» Antarctic expedi
tion of Dr. Jean T. Charcot, son of the
alienist, was to have sailed from Havre
at 2 o'clock this morning on the steamer
Francals, but the accidental killing of \
sailor soon after the departure of the ves-'
sel led to the return of the expedition,
which will now not leave until to-morrow.
When about a mile out the hawser of
the steam tu? which was towing the ves
sel Darted, an end striking a sailor, kill
ing him Instantly. Dr. Charcot was
greatly depressed by the accident. Be
fore leaving he had given out a farewell
letter, saying that his crew, vessel and
equipment were distinctly French and
that he hoped to bring credit upon the
French flag.
SELLING OF SAILOR
DELAYS EXPEDITION
Dr. Jean T. Charcot Beady to Sail on
Antarctic Voyage of Dis
covery.
J Bank Cashier Arrested.
KKD BANK, N. J., Aug. 15.— K. L. Co
t. casb'^r of the derunct Navesink
ional. l%nk. was arrested to-day \ on
charge of embezzling- S40O00 of the
k'a fund'*
California Plans Approved.
| ST. LOUIS, Auk. lS.-The sketch plans
feor the California buildjng at the World's
3 '¦¦¦ i .r have been approved. California is to
*< .¦••'¦(iiicc the Santa Barbara mission
¦funding. "
OAKLAND, Aug. 15.— The suit brought
by Assistant Postmaster Paul J. Schafer
to annul his former wife's divorce at
Lincoln, Ncbr., is a sequel to Schafer's
attempt last June to gain possession of
hls~daughter Josrphlne in order to compel
her mother.Mrs. ZebuMn« H.Schafer-Beck,
to return to Oakland that he might sue
for the custbdy of all of their children.
Schafer charges that the divorce was pro
cured by fraud and perjury: that he was
not given notice of the proceedings, de
epite the fact that he Is a prominent Fed
eral officer in Oakland. He declared that
the first time he learned of the divorce
was when his former wife exhibited docu
ments at the time of his arrest He also
discovered that the had married one Her
bert Beck, at whose door .Schafer lays
much blame for his domestic troubles.
Two years £go Mrs. Schafer eued her
husband for a divorce, but dismissed the
action and went East, taking their three
children. The abandoned father located
the family in Sacramento last November
and after months of planning abducted
his child Josephine. His scheme to get
her to Oakland failed, and Mrs. Schafer-
Beck caused the assistant postmaster's
arrest- He returned to Sacramento and
was completely exonerated. ;Ji ¦-
Concerning the suit. Assistant Postmas
ter Schafer said: "That divorce was ob
tained in Lincoln without my knowledge
and is therefore void, because there was
and Is no legal reason why the proper
notice should not have been served upon
me. After Mrs. Schafcr was divorced by
fraud she married this man Herbert Beck
and has given my children his name.
That is why I am going to have this de
cree sot aside and then I shall make an
other effort to get my children. Every
move I have made In this matter has
been open and abovebcard. I -am the ag
grieved party and I purpose to settle this
trouble and cet my children."
WA2JTS THE CHILDREN.
Schafer's Purpose to Gain Legal Pos
session of Them.
»
LINCOLN. Neb., Aug. 15.— Paul J.
Schafer of Oakland. Cal., to-day, filed a
petition In the District Court at Omaha
to set aside the decree of divorce secured
last year by his wife, Mrs. Zebuline H.
Schafer. Echafer is assistant postmaster
ai "Oakland and was formerly private sec
retary to Congressman MetcaJf. His wife
married Herbert Beck, a young man of
Sacramento, three days after securing her
decree. The ¦woman and her mother, Mrs.
Josephine Hunt Goodwin. - conducted a
Christian Science reading-room at Oak
land. Beck took an interest in Christian
Sckr.ce and made frec.uenf* calls on Mrs.
Schafer. The husband objected and or
dered Beck never to make his apeparance
at the place.
The young man came as before and was
struck in the face by Schafer. A charge
of assault was preferred and Schafer was
arrested, but was not prosecuted. Soon
after this occurred, in January, 1902, Mrs.
*!*cht>fcr went away. She was traced to
l\w*.nport, Iowa, and then to O'uMha, at
which place she remained six months to
secure legal reslder.ee in the State. At
the end of that time she secured a di
/vcrce-on the grour.d that her husband
was addicted to drink. She went with
Reck to Council Bluffs, Iowa, across the
Missouri River from Omaha, and the cou
p»e were married. They returned to Sac
r.imento.
Schafcr claims he knew nothing of the
divorce until cne day when he was In
Sacramento he found his little daughter
on the street. He took her with him, but
was overtaken before he reached home by
Mrs. Beck, who exhibited a decree of di
vorce giving her possession of the chil
dren. His application asks that the de
cree be set aside because it was secured
by false and perjured testimony and that
his wife was not a bona fide resident of
Nebraska, having come to the State for
the purpose of securing the divorce. , He
p.Iso asks for the custody of the children.
Special Dispatch to The Call
NEW YORK. Aug. 15.— Miss May Goe«
let, the beautiful American heiress to
$20,000,000. whose social triumph^
abroad have attracted international In
terest, returned home to-day on the
Campania. The Duke of Roxburgh.
who, report says, has laid his title at
Miss Goelet's feet and met with some
encouragement, was also a passenger,
traveling Incognito. He was a member
of Miss Goelet's party.
Miss Goelet was foremost in social
diversions on the voyage, and the Duke
entered Into the merry-making with
spirit. Lady Brassey seemed to have
the, role of chaperon. _ j-.
The Duke watched the meeting of
mother and daughter with interest, and
when introduced to Mrs. Goulet by
Mrs. VanQerbilt-he immediately entered
into conversation with her. He seemed
anxious to make a good Impression, and
the "ma'nner ' in which he was received
was cordial In the extreme. The whole
party went to Sherry's for luncheon,
afterward going to Newport.
The Duke will spend some time In
Newport, where he will be able to meet
Miss Goelet at many receptions and
dinners.- He will probably meet for the
first time some strong competitors for
the favor of the American heiress, as
there are many who* have been waiting
her return with eagerness. The Duke
Is now in his twenty-seventh year.
Special Dispatch to The Call
American Girl With Twenty
Millions Back From
European Triumphs. ,
Charges Herbert Beck With
the Destruction of His
Home.
Oakland Man Alleges
Perjury in Divorce
Suit
Rumor Says His Suit
Has Met Some En
couragement.
Schafer Begins a
Fight for His
Children.
Roxburgh Travels'
With Heiress'
ASKS COURT
TO SET ASIDE
THE DECREE
DUKE SEEKS
THE HAND OF
MAY GOELET
T ON DON, Aug. 15.— The Evening Post states that the Macedonian Committee is about to > issiie: a manifesto proclaiming the independence ; of Macedonia - and the
L* establishment of a provisional government. The dispatch asserts that the Macedonians now have] 36,000 (men in th'e field and' that: the additions constantly being
made trill increase this number to > 80,000 within the month. . /. .- ' .• .' ~\- ;; 1^' : . : .'\'- ':(¦.'.¦',¦ ' ¦" " " ¦ / .
CZAR'S WARSHIPS WILL COERCE SUBLIME PORTE
INTO PROMPT REPARATION FOR ASSASSIN'S ACT
Pages 21 to 32
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY,^'ATJ£rUST iieC PAGES.
The San Francisco Call.DENVER, Aug. 15.— At the session of
the National Building Trades convention
to-day an important change was made in
the* 1 constitution affecting per capita "as
sessment for strike and lockout benefits.
Heretofore such assessment was levied
upon the total membership of all national
and international locals affiliated with
the council. Under the* change this as
sessment will be limited to unions which
are affiliated with the local councils that
are members of the National Building
Trades Council.
Strike Assessments.
. OMAHA. Aug. 15.— The joint committee
representing the engineers and firemen
of the Union Pacific Railway to-day con
cluded a conference with Superintendent
of Transportation Buckingham and Mas
ter of Motive Power McKeen, the result
of which is an average increase of wages
for the engineers of about 3% and the fire
men 4V& per cent. The increase runs from
10 to 20 cents a hundred miles for the en
gineers, with proportionate increase for
the firemen. The negotiations have been
pending since July 6. and the new scale
affects the entire system.
Schedule.
WAGES ABE INCREASED.
"Onion Pacific Consents to a New
In dispersing the warring factions and the
streets were deserted.
NEW ORLEANS, Aug. 13.— The British
steamer Rosini, from Celba, Hondui as.
which arrived here . to-day. pasa*d
through, a terrific hurricane. On*. rain
was lost overboard, the ventilators o#'tfc«
vessel were carried away, tha davlt3
twisted and the entire cargo of oranges
en deck was swept away by the tremen
dous seas.
Steamship Encounters Hurricane.
WINFIELD, Kans., Aug. 15.— The death
list from the Twigg shooting, which oc
curred Thursday night, now numbers sev
en, and the list of wounded, some fatally,
remains at about twenty-eight:' Elder
Farnsworth, a prominent cigar merchant,
is dead, while- the deaths of Everett
Rldgeway, . a, plasterer, living at."Wlchtta;
Will Moore, a farmer's son, living near
Arkansas City, and Otis Carter oJ.Win
fleld, a bill poster, are hourly expected.
Four others are In a dangerous condition,
but have a slight chance for recovery.
Four funerals were held to-day — Sterling
Race and Dawson Billiter's funerals at
Milan. Kans.; Port Smith, at hla home,
two miles south of town, and the mur
derer, Gilbert Twiggr.
SEVEN ARE NOW DEAD
AND THBEE MORE DYING
"Crazy" Twigg's Victims Include at
I<east Four Others Who May
Not Becover.
, For four hours an Indiscriminate bat
tle-raged between the two forces. * Al
though 1000 s^iots were fired, . onjy two
men are known . to have been wounded
by the flying bullets.
'Clay Hoover, a passerby, was struck In
the" left, knee and 'another, man waa
wounded in the lee. The . latter was
quickly carried off by the strikers and his
name could \ not be learned. -
. Hostilities began when an aged man
was set upon and badly beaten by a
crowd of strikers. /He is in a serious con
dition. - This was ; followed < by two other
assaults , UDon ; non-union men, who. were
terribly- beaten on : their way • home from
work. . The»non-unlon men armed them
selves and battle lines .were drawn. At 3
o'clock this morning the police succeeded
WHEELING, W. Va,, Aug. 15.— -From 9
o'clock last night until 1 # o'clock this
(Sunday) morning . streets of .Renwood
were the scene of a wild riot. "The
striking machinists and non-union .men
who replaced them at the Riverside plant
of the National Tube Company clashed
and many shots • were exchanged. .
Wheeling.
Many Shots Are Fired
v ' on the Streets of
\ It is natural that a man who hasn't a
coat to his back can't put up a good
front. .."••" ••' • '
STRIKERS FIGHT
NON-UNION MEN
Admiral Dewey is expected to arrive
to-morrow. He will go aboard the May
flower and subsequently will call upon
the President to pay his respects.
President Roosevelt and his family and
his guests will atiend religious services
to-morrow morning on board Ihe battle
ship Kearsarge. The trip from Sagamore
Hill to the battleship will be made on the
Sylph.
The disposition of the fleet 13 that the
first squadron, consisting of the flagship
of Rear Admiral . Barker, the Kearsarge
and the battleships Illinois and Alabama,
making the first division, and the flag
ship of Rear Admiral Sands, the Texas,
and the cruiser Baltimore, making the
second division, lie in one column with
500 yards between each'. Eight hundred
yards to the north Is the squadron, the
first division under Rear Admiral Cogh
lan, consisting of the cruisers Olympia,
flagship, and the Topeka, and the second
division,' under Rear Admiral Wise, con
sisting of the Yankee, Prairie and Pan
ther. Six torpedo-boat destroyers. Lieu
tenant L. H. Chandler commamlinsr the
division, , lie, between the s first squadron
and the Long Island shore and six under
Lieutenant H. K. Benham He between
the second, squadron and the Connecticut
shore. The destroyer Chauncey will go
to New York and convey the foreign at
taches to the Kearsarge Monday morn
ing, i; 7 C.-.-V :' £ • ¦ • ¦
The fleet came to anchor In the sound
off ¦ Lloyds Neck Point at sundown to
night and lies In four long lines reaching
east and wept for 2000 yards. The fleet
left Bar Harbor at noon Wednesday In
a fog, which lasted about ten hours. Or?
ders had been Issued by, Rear Admiral
Barker, the commander in chief, \ that, the
fleet, in. case of separation, should rendez
vous' In Gardlners Bay. The battleships
and the cruisers did become separated, but
Joined again at Nantucket.
While anchored In .Smith town Bay the
Dolphin, with Secretary of the Navy
Moody on board, passed and was saluted.
The Dolphin arrived here about the mid
dle of the afternoon and the Mayflower
and the Sylph fired the salute of the
Secretary of the Navy. Secretary Moody
is the guest of the President at Saga
more Hill to-night.
OYSTER BAY, L. I., Aug. 15.—Arrange
ments practically have been completed
for the review and Inspection in Long
Island Sound by President Roosevelt of
the North Atlantic, fleet next Monday.
President Roosevelt will review the fleet
from the bridge of the auxiliary cruiser
Mayflower.
President Will Review
Barker's Vessels
Monday. ,
At Abilene the heaviest rain «jf the sea
son fell this morning. The water came
down from the hills and is standing on
two of .the, streets of the city to a depth
of more than two feet. The Smoky Hill
River, ..there rose seven feet last -night
and 'ls~ still going up.
FAIRBURY, Nebr., Aug.. 15.— Details
have been received- here of a cloudburst
along the Nebraska-Kansas line for about
eight miles. , Two clouds apparently met
and for an hour the" water fell in sheets!
Estimates. of the .downpour are all the
way from a foot to three feet. The water
swept down Dry Branch and Silver Creek,
that are usually dry at this season of the
year, taking everything "before it. More
than 1000 trees were taken out by the
roots, and barns, corn cribs, grain and
hay stacks, several droves of hogs and
many horses and' cattle were swept away
by the flood. Not a bridge, remains on
Silver Creek and but one at Dry Branch.
The residences were all built on high
ground, which accounts for the fact thqt
no lives were lost, although there were
several narrow escapes. Dead stock and
farm Implements were found ?lodged in
trees twenty feet from the ground.
TOPEKA, Kans., Aug^l5.— The level of
the. Kansas River here, has taken another
upward turn and it seems probable- that
the present rise, which has made it as
high to-day as it has been at nny time
since June, will continue. * ' Reports ' by
telegraph and telephone show that the
Blue River at Manhattan Is again ten
feet above its low water. :
Water Stands in Streets of Abilene
". '. to. Depth of More Than
Two Feet.
KANSAS RIVER'S FLOOD .
« : THREATENS DESTRUCTION
FLEET ANCHORED
IN THE SOUND
Senators out of twenty-four. • /
Both the House of Representatives and
the Senate are deeply Impressed with the
persistent rumors which reach Bogota of
the possibility of a movement for the
secession of the Isthmus in case the treaty
Is not -ratified. The fear that such an
eventuality might Mlow failure to ratify
the treatyappears to constitute the only
chance for favorable action on the treaty
, Dollard murdered Frank Bryant . in a
saloon on Wednesday night after having
brained Ross Stringer with a. board in
the street. Dollard, who is an ex-Rough
Rider, was drunk and shooting up the
t6wn at tha time.
James Keffer was .convicted of murder
ing William 'Warren, a stage tender on
the Lander-.Rawlfna line, two years ago
and was sentenced to be hanged, but was
granted a stay of execution pending* an
appeal to tbe' Supreme "Court.
•Apparently^ there is no extra effort be
ing v made 'to .protect the prisoners. The
"regular guard is at the Jail, but that is
all. Sentiment in Lander appears to be
all one way, and unless the' murderers
are spirited away, which is doubtful, ¦ It
seems certain that both men will bo
hanged. ,
A large crowd of excited men gathered
about the Lander Jail at 11:30 last night
apd for a time it looked as. though the
bastile woujd be stormed at once..
The mob was armed with rifles and re
volvers and two or three men carried
ropes. After a brief consultation among
the., leaders, however, the crowd appar
ently dispersed. Since that hour men
have been seen lurking in the 1 shadows
of buildings of the county jail and an
attack is expected ' at any moment, the
dispersing of the mob being a ruse, it
is believed, to throw the officers off their
guard. ' . \ .
.CHEYENNE, Wyo., Aug. 15.— The peo
ple of gander, TVyo., are. still greatly ex
cited'and-there is grave danger of a
double lynching, of which James Keffer
and James Dollard. the murderers, will be
the victims.' . To-day two brothers and.
two half-brothers of James Dollard, ac
companied by several friends, numbering
in, all about a dozen, arrived at Lander,
well armed. It Is rumored the Dollards
have sworn to save Jim Dollard from the
mob and also that they plan to attack the
Jail and rescue the alleged murderer." The
mob in front of the Jail dispersed about
ID o'clock to-night, but the situation Is
still very grave.
James DolJard's Brothers
¦ Gather Force to
Protect Him. ¦£%
- BLOOMINGTON; III., Aug. '15.— A posse
of citizens; which vformed. last night to
rescue/' the '.'wife < of Homer Mansplle, a
farmer near 'Sydney,- from, her ; husband,
who at the point of a revolver forced her
to leave her "father's howetj&refooted and
attired in' only her night robe, captured
Mahspllc to-rrfght near Mayvlew. Sheriff
Clark tpok.'hlm to'Urbana.:-.'. •'.'-' '? '
' Mrs. Mansplle was found lying among
some bushes, partially covered' with a
blanket;. Her. £eet and-body... were, badly
torn by briars. Manspile/' stood over her
with: a drawn revolver and swore to kill
her and himself If the pursuers ap
proached nearer. A deputy sheriff slipped
up" behind him, •• threw ¦ his arms
around him to prevent his shooting and
the crowd soon made him a prisoner.
Mrs,: Mansplle was taken to the, home pt
a neighboring farmer and Is" being, cared
for." She is in a serious condition. Man-'
spile Is In danger • of "beng lynched. His
wife had left his home because of his
brutalty. •
PANAMA, Aug. 15.^-Lettera • received
from Bogota say that up to August 15 the
Panama Canal Commission had held only
one- meeting, on- account of the disgust
of members with the action of Senator
Perez y Soto, who Insisted upon 'recalling
the treaty at the first meeting; Senator
Obaldia, a warm supporter of the treaty,
has had several conferences with Presi
dent Marroquln and United States Min
ister Beaupre. and notwithstanding their
efforts the commission could not be in
duced to report in favor of ratification.
Amendments have been offered which
seem to meet the approval of twenty
Brutal Husband May Be
Lynched by Illinois
Citizens. :
Colombian Legislators
Approve Proposed
Amendments.
Wyoming Murderers
v-Afe in Danger of
Lynching.
CANAL TREATY
NOT IN FAVOR
MOB HOVERING
NEAR VICTIMS
FOSSE RESCUES
KIDNAPED WIFE
THE SAN FKANCISGO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 16, 1903.
22
ADVEBTISEME2TTS.
Offer for Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday
A Sale of Men's Furnishings
AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICES.
SF To make room for our large stock of Fall goods
which we are no^ receiving, we have organized a
special sale in our Men's Furnishings Department at
The goods are all high-grade in quality," and are
such as have sold all season at regular quoted prices.
Many excellent bargains are to be found, the first
comers having the choice of the offerings.
Riding Stocks and Croats for Men and Women.
. Former price $1.00, «l-50. * At 55c
Strawina Bath Slippers for Men and Women.
Former price -$1.25,' $1.50. At \ 95c
A large variety of Men's fine Silk Four-in-hands.
Former price H. 00, Jl. 50. . At 65c
Men's Leather-Belts, sizes 30 to 44.
Former price 75c, $1.00. -\ At 45c
Fancy Figured Cheviot Pajamas.
< Regular price $3- 00. At $1.9O
Fancy Figured Sateen Pajamas.
Regular price >2.00. At $1.35
Men's Golf Shirts, pleated and plain bosoms, cuffs attached or " .
detached.
Regular price $1.00, $1.50. At 65c
Men's Fancy Drop Stitch Mercerized Silk Underwear,
heavy silk faced..
Regular price $2:50 per suit. At $1,7Q'
Men's Fancv, Blue Ground, Striped Balbriggan Underwear.
( .Regular price }>2.00 per suit. At -4 5
KFARNY AT POST
i\L.ni\n i ni rvjoi.
DR. PIE3CE'SVbEMEDIES.
"WILFUL A s!f
WASTE //mjfa--
*wJ/4f- 11 MAKES .
/v 'If l(\ ~m vCr 9JBm
v 1 1 ¦ (mf'-WANTm"
That I old j copybook ytnaxitn finds its
most forceful application in the waste of
vitality, which is called M burning the
candle at both ends." A 'woman is
often 'tempted beyond her strength by
domestic or social demands. Some day
she awakens from this waste of strength
to the woeful of It. She has be-
come weak, nervous and miserable. . '
. For weak, nervous, run-down women, •
there is no better tonic and nervine than
Dr. Pierce'^ Favorite Prescription. It
restores the : appetite, quiets the nerves
and gives refreshing sleep. - It cures
local diseases peculiarly womanly which
undermine the general health. It makes
weak women strong, sick women well.
"No doubt you have forgotten me, but after
you. read my letter you will remember me,"
writes Mrs. Annie E. Moring, of 238 7th Avenue,
S. W., Roanolce. Va. . "In the year 1897.' I wrote
to you for advice, which -you gave me free of
charge. When I wrote to you I was a wreck : I
could not walk straight for pains in my abdo-
men ; could not sit down, lie down, or get any
ease at all. 1 1 had what was called the best doc-
tor here, but did not get any better until I went
through a course of your medicine. I took eight
bottles ¦ each ' of ¦ ' Favorite • Prescription ' " and
'Golden Medical Discovery,' and ten bottles of ,
the ' Pleasant Pellets.' I tell you the medicine '
made a cure of me.". , :
Weak and sick, women are invited to
consult -Df! Pierce, by '.-'letter, free.:. All
correspondence is held as strictly private.
Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
Dr. Pierce's Pellets; cure biliousness, j
Badway's
' Pills
. Purely vegetable, mild 'and \ fellable.'Tl Causa*
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
healthful -regularity. ..--;¦.,•- ,'•;.-'-'¦-¦¦
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomacn.
Liver. - Bowels.'. Kidneys. Bladder. Female ¦ Ir-
regularities, Sick Headache. . Biliousness, Con-
stipation, Piles and all derangements of the
Internal ..Viscera. 2&c a box.' At druggists or
by mail. : - . 4EIDWAT & CO.. New York.
1 ] A'<jREAT "BRYSON." |; jj \' §M
I Op Queen of the party. |
[FREE With
I LADY IN BLACK. §
| It would be advisable to place orders for THE SUNDAY GALL ' J
I Sw once with your local agent or newsdealer, as they arc selling l§& §
§ like hot cakes and the supply is limited. ji j* & Jfi ¦ • '¦§
I TRAIN NEWS AGENTS AND ALL NEWSDEALERS SELL THE CALL 1
j Price 5 Cents. Price 5 Cents. Price 5 Cents; f
1 THEY ARE FRAMING THE CALL ART SUPPLEMENTS If
g I The Following Art Dealers Are Making a Specialty of Framing Cal! Art .Supplements: i^_--^; i
g> SACRAMENTO— Hevener. Mier & street; Gage's art store. W9 East Main SAN DIEGO— W. X». Fuller & Co.. 71 !«
O> Co., 615 J street; C. N. Davis, book street; Weber's art store, 425 East F street. - S
& etore. £17 K street. - " Main street. FRESNO— Sronce & 'Dick. *- :V S
« PETALUMA— H. S. Gutermute, J. MARYSVILLE— G. W. Hall. REDDING— W. Bergh, "¦_ "Bergh 8
y II. Wyckoff. OAKLAND-E. J. Baake. 13 Tele- Furniture Company"; T.J.Houston, O
g SAX JOFE— George Denne, M. Len- erraph avenue; A. A. Barlow, 369* Houston Furniture Company. " • Q
g ten & Son. » Twelfth street . . • . . REDWOOD • CITT—W; L: Kline., , 8
j-> STOCKTON— Morris Bros.' book. ALAMEDA-C. P. Magagnos. 1358 SANTA CRUZ— H.E.- Irish, Cooke*- S
« «tore. 20 North El Dorado street; Park street. , - Bros.,. F.- R. Hew, George Hoban. 8
O etockton Racket store, 711 East Main CHICO— Fetters & Williams. ; ' " JACKSON— E. . G, Freeman Co. ,. 8
ES. KILMER'S SWAMP-BOOT.
tuDMEY AINiD BLADDER
TROUBLES PROMPTLY CURED
I Serrpie Bottle Sent PREE by Mall.
Dr. Kiimer's Swamp-Root, the gTeat
kidney remedy, fulfills every wish in
promptly curing kidney, bladder and uric
ecld troubles, rheumatism and pain In the
tack. It corrects inability to hold water
and scalding pain in passing It, or bad
effects followine use of liquor, wine or
beer, and overcomes that unpleasant ne-
cessity of being compelled to go often
durlr.ff the day and to get up many times
during the night The mild and the ex-
traordinary effect of §^-amp-Boot Is soon
realized. It stands the highest for its
wonderful cures of. the most .distressing
cases.
Swamp-Root Is not recommended for
everything, but if you have kidney, liver.
bladder or uric acid trouble 'you will find
St just the remedy you need.
If you needa medicine' you should have
the best. Sold by druggist? in flfty-cent
end one-<5oliar sizes. You may have a
f ample bottle of this great kidney rem-
edy, Swamp-Root, and a book that tells
all about it and its great cures, both sent
absolutely free by mail. * Address Dr. Kil-
mer & Co., . Bin&haxnton. N. T. When
•writing, be sure to mention that you read
this generous offer in The San Francisco
Sunday Call. Don't make any mistake but
remember the name, Swamp-Root, Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the address,.
KUighamton. N- T.. on every bottle. t
1000 Men at Work on Huntington Short Line to Pasadena.
The above dese'endants of ther athletic Greeks of old have Just completed the Pasadena Short Line, and are now making dirt, fly baJlaat-
lng the track for quick travel. The Greeks are not alone in the rood work of development which Mr. Huntlngton is pushing through, tor tney
are ably seconded by the Japanese and Mexican contingents. By the timekeeper's reports over HOO men completed the broad-gauging lnt»
Pasadena. H. E. Huntington Is entitled to the hearty co-operation of every public spirited citizen In hts great enterprise of building networK
of electrlo railways to all points in Southern Calfornla. Now is the time to buy lots in the coming residence suburb of Los Angele*— The
Pasadena Villa Tract. - - ,
• 25 years ago Pasadena was a sheep pasture. What a grand transformation ha« been wrought! It U to-day the finest all-year-round
residence section in the world. A similar change will take place at the Pasadena Villa Tract, which is-3 miles nearer Los Angelea" business
center, fit is as bound to occur as the sun will rtee to-morrow. The entire region between, Pasadena and Los Angelea - is bound to build up
into a solid city.
Only $70 per Lot -$4 Down and $4 per Month
We are selling quarter-acre Pasadena Villa Tract lots for ti down and %i per month until paid for; r.o interest, no taxe«. Out lots ar«'
unquestionably a good investment. We are now selling at $70, but the price will soon be raised to S10O. The new Pasadena Short Line. th«
Monrovia and Alhambra electric railways now run from our tract to the BUSINESS CENTER OF LOS ANGELES CITY IN ONLT 13- MIN-
UTES. Such rapid transit 1» bound to make our quarter-acre villa lots eoo» sell for over $300. Two more electric lines will soon run through
the tract. WE GUARANTEE 25 PER CE>T INCREASE. For ?4 down and $4 per month until paid -for we seU a regular
PASADENA VILLA TRACT LOT, full size. 30x150 feet, facing on 80-foot avenue, subject to the following guarantee from us: If at the ex-
piration of one year from purchase this 570 lot Is not worth $87 60 — or 25 per cent Increase — based on the price at which our corps of salesmen
will then be celling similar lots, we will refund all of the money paid us,\with 6 per cent Interest additional. If the purchaser should dla at
any time before payments' have been c ° m P I fVi < k w^ w vJ.? rlve to nla heirs a deed of the lot without further <-n«it If he should lose emplo-yrn-nt
or be sick, he will not forfeit the land. AMO>G- OUR. PURCHASERS ARE THE FOLLOWING LKAOI.VG CITIZENSi
H. E. Huntlngton, vice president of the Southern Pacific- R. R. Co.; L. T. Garnsey. president of the Los Angeles and Redondo Railway Co.;
W. H. Carlson. ex-U. S. Special CommisBloner of Railroads of Cuba; Baird Bros., wholesale commission merchants; J. O. Estudlllo. ex-Stat«t
Treasurer of California; F, H. Dixon, ex-State Harbor Commissioner; Dr. William Dodge. Dr J. E. Cowl«s and others. Reference*: Hon..
M. P. Snyder. Mayor of Los Angeles; State Bank and Trust Co. of Los Angeles, and our many satisfied customers. For further Information,'
map, etc., address , . •
CARLSON INVESTMENT CO., »4 S. Broadway. Los Angeles, Cal.CTNTHIANA. Ky.. Auk. 15. — Judge Osborne
to-day overruled the motion for a new trial for
Jett ' and . White ' who • were yesterday convicted
and given life 'sentences for the Marcura as
easslnatlon.
The jury was then charged by Judge
de Haven, and entered upon their delib
erations at 3:u0 p. m.'
. Then Mr. Woodworth took up the forged
certificates and . compared the signatures
with the admittedly genuine signature
of John C. Lync,h. showing the earmarks
of forgery. From that point he followed
the acts of the negro clerk through the
whole history of the case, and showed
how nil the acts that had been testified
to by the witnesses for the Government
proved to be strong links in the chain of
circumstantial evidence that had been
woven around DlHard.
Mr. Woodworth paid a high tribute to
the character of Mr. Lynch for truth and
integrity and earnestly defended him from
the scurrilous epithets that had ' been
Bhowercd upon him by the leading coun
sel for the defense.
The forensic battle ended yesterday
with United States District Attorney
Woodworth's reply to defendant's coun
sel.
United States District Attorney Wood
worth began the closing argument for
the Government in the forenoon, and
in reply to | the defense led the jury
through the tortuous windings of the ar
gument that had been made for the de
fendant by Mr. Shortridge. Mr. WoOd
worth caused a smile to ripple through
the courtroom by calling. Mr. Shortridge
by the name of "Foxy Quiller." the comic
character in De Koven's "Highwayman"
personated so effectively by Edwin Stev
ens. Mr. Stevens and Mr. Shortridge are
of the same stature and equally lithe and
lissome of form, and Mr. Woodworth's
comparison made a.' hit.
Mr. Woodworth in a vein of pleasantry
proceeded to say that he was sorfy that
the Government could not accommodate
the counsel -for the defendant with a
photograph of Dillard In the act of forg
ing the signature of John C. Lynch to
a Chinese certificate of residence, that
being evidently what they demanded In
the way. of proof against their client.
Deeds of that kind, he added, are usually
done in the dark, at home and after
offlce ,,hours. In laying bare what he
called the fallacies of the argument of
the 'counsel for the defense the " speaker
said that It simply was to the effect that
all the witnesses-, for the prosecution—
from John r C. Lynch down to the hand
writing experts and the District ' Attor
ney's offlce— had engaged In a conspiracy
to convict Dillard by "means of perjured
testimony and false evidence. ; This, he
added, was too great a tax on the cre
dulity of any sane jury, more especially
since the defense had not attempted to
introduce a particle of evidence that could
In the most remote manner lend color to
that theory.
Former United States Revenue Clerk
William H. Dillard, accused of forging
signatures to certificates issued to Chi
nese, was found guilty last night on four
different charges. The jury retired for
deliberation at 3:30 o'clock yesterday aft
ernoon, and at 10 o'clock handed its ver
dic{ to Judge de Haven.
The decision occasioned no surprise to
those who were familiar with the testi
mony in the case. The trial occupied a
great deal of public attention. During the
trial the courtroom was crowded with all
sorts and conditions of men.
A number of defendant's friends, colored
and white, were present during the trial.
There was much interest in Chinatown,
and many Chinese were present through
out the trial.
His Holiness has taken pleasure In express-
Ing his heartfelt good wishes for the faith
ful nation you represent. He Is pleased to
bless with all his heart yourself, your col
lcagues, your families and the whole people of
Ireland. *-. > \ .. . • •
Sir Thomol Esmond©, M. P., the delagte
to the papal coronation of the Irish Par
liamentary party, to-day received from
the PoJjc the following letter relative to
the audience he had with the Pontiff yes
terday: c'7;?:
Tou have discharged four high and honor
able mission in the nanw of the Parliamentary
party In Ireland, laying at the feet of the
Holy Father an elevated address. The occa
sion you furnished the new Vicar of Christ
to direct his attention to the loyalty and un
dyliiR fidelity of tho Irish people comes most
appropriately in the midst . of the loyal ex
pressions from all parts of the world. With
extreme satisfaction the successor of St. Peter
sees confirmed to-day the hereditary national
virtues of your race. , '
Cardinal Gibbons left Rome to-night for
Switzerland, where he will remain some
time to recover from the heat and his la
bors In Rome. The Cardinal, however, is
suffering only from slight lassitude, oth
erwise being perfectly well. .
"The action of Pius X." says the com
munique, "also is conciliatory, yet firm,
has been received everywhere with unan
imous satisfaction and has given ground
for the hope that no faction or political
considerations will arise prejudicial to the
sublime mission of the church. It is to
our Interest that an election should be
prevented which, according to recent ex
periences, might lead to differences which
would up3et the relations of the church
'and state. It is unnecessary to add that
the action of the Austro-Hungarlan Gov
ernment was not influenced by any other
power." '
ROME, Aug.- 15.— The consecration of
the Rev. J. J. Harty of St. Louis as Arch
bishop of Manila took place to-day In the
Franciscan Church "of St. Anthony. Added
Interest to the ceremony was given by the
fact that the first Archbishop to be con
secrated under Plus X was an American.
Cardinal Satolli officiated and was as
sisted by two Bishops. After \ the cere
mony refreshments were served in the re
fectory of the Franciscan monastery; The
fact that the first American Archbishop
of Manila was consecrated in the church
which is the seat of the general house of
the Franciscan monks,' one of the ' four,
orders objected to in the Philippines, was
much commented upon. . Cardinal Satolii
later gave at his residence a dinner In
honor of Archbishop Harty. Toasts were
drunk to the Pope, . President Roosevelt
and to the success of Archbishop Harty
In his labors in the Philippines. Arch
bishop Harty will leave Rome next
Wednesday.
VIENNA. Aug. 15.— A semi-official com.
munlque explains that Austria exerci^W
her right of veto at the recent conclave
"with the view of securing the 'election of
a conciliatory Pope." .
Former Clerk Is Held
for Chinese Certifi
cate Frauds.
Due to the Desire for
a Conciliatory
Pope.
JURY ADJUDGES
DILLARD GUILTLY
USE OF RAWHIDE
MEETS APPROVAL
ports on Whipping
of Woman.
Georgia Commission Re-
THE CEIMINAI, CALENDAR »
SHOWS A VERY BUSY YEAR
District Attorney Byington's Ufeport
Tells of Many Felony
Trials.
The report of District Attorney Bylng
ton, which has just been filed, shows that
during the last year there have been 342
actions filed in the Superior Court against
defendants charged with felonies.
Of the cases brought to a hearing there
have been 191 convictions and 40 acquit
tals, a percentage of convictions amount
ing to S3, which is a record unrivaled In
the history of the office. '
Among the convicted defendants whose
cases have attracted more than local In
terest are noted the following: Frank
Wood3, William Kauffman, John Court
ney, William B. Kennedy and William
Henderson, charged with ithe murder of
Police Officer Eugene C. Robinson; Joseph
King, the preacher burglar, convicted on
three charges of burglary, together with
his companions, Thomas Barker and Hen
ry Hamilton; John H. Wood, tho leader of
the escapes from Folsom, who was given
a life sentence on conviction for robbery;
Charles Johnson, the "fire-escape burg
lar," who entered the Palace and Califor
nia hotels; Edward Yarrow and Clifford
Meldrum, old-time offenders, and the
members of the Nolan gang of robbers—
Docla Nolan, Michael Nolan and Bernard
Whitelaw. : „".-
Brakeman Is Killed.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 15.— Harry B.
Tarbett, a brakeman, was killed and two
other railroad men injured in a collision
of freight trains on the Pennsylvania
railroad at Radner. Pa., near here. About
twenty cars w^ere wrecked.
ATLANTA, Ga.. Aug. 13.— The Georgia
Prison Commission, which has been In
vestigating the whipping of Mamie de
Cris, a white woman convict on the State
prison farm, made Its report to-day. With
the report came the announcement of the
resignation of Warden Allagood and its
acceptance by the commission.
The charges of Improper proposals by
Allagood, alleged by the woman, and sim
ilar conduct toward other female con
victs, are found to be absolutely false
and malicious. The report says the War
den acted entirely within his authority in
whipping Miss de Cris and that he was
led to it by severe aggravation.
The commission concluded that this
particular punishment was an "error on
the part of the Warden, who, recognizing
that his usefulness may have been Im
paired by reason of the prejudice against
him caused by the De Crls affair, has
voluntarily handed in hla resignation."
A little applause doesn't always mean
an encore. *
ROME Aug 15. — The eruption of the vol
cano Vesuvius is continually decreasing.
NEW YORK. Aug. 15.— The Cunard
line steamer Campania arrived
to-day from Liverpool and
Queenstown. On board were
Lord and Lady Strathcona, Mrs.
Booth-Tucker and James Willis Sayre of
the Seattle Times. ,.
Lord Strathcona In speaking of the pro-
POINT RICHMOND, Aug. 15— Pierre de
Bray, who is accused of trying to extort
money from Dr. Mlntzer of this place by
threatening to kill Mlntzer and his fam
ily, appeared before Justice Masterson at
6an Pablo this morning. The Justice
heard the evidence and held De Bray to
answer before the Superior Court. He
was locked up In the County Jail at Mar
tinez in default of 52000 bail.
De Bray Held to Answer.
Parallel Line to Cana
dian Pacific Is a
Necessity.
AUSTRIA'S VETO
IS EXPLAINED
jected railroad which Is to parallel the
Canadian Pacific said:
"Such a road is now a necessity, and
the natural resources are such that immi
gration will be attracted. The new road
will" be partly subsidized by the Govern
ment, just as In the past with the Cana.
dian Pacific."
Lord Strathcona will return at once to
Canada.
Suicide Outlaw's Ante-Mortem Joke.
BUTTE, Mont.. Aug. 15.— Frank Orloff,
held here for the Wyoming authorities on
a charge of stage robbery, hanged himself
In his cell in the County Jail here this
morning. He left a note saying that he
had poison and a rope and meant to die
by one or the other. -With grim Humor
he defied pursuit over the trail he was
about to take.
NOBLEMAN WHO IS PROMOT
ING A NEW CANADIAN
TRANSCONTINENTAL ROAD.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 15.— H. Morris
was to-day bound over for trial In the
criminal court on the charge of soliciting
a bribe while acting as a juror. Morris,
it Is alleged, approached H. A. Green,
the defendant in a civil suit Involving
$10,000, and offered to cast his vote and
Influence In Green's favor for a consid
eration of 525. Green reported the matter
to Judee Trask, who Is trying the case,
and Morris was arrested. -He is out on
{1000 ball.
Accused of Soliciting a Bribe.*
PARIS. Aug. 15.— "The danc* of the
American chorus girl Is the most original
and drliclous creation In all America,"
Is the verdict of Jules Huret, the French
newspaper writer who Is studying the
manners and customs of America for the
benefit of the French public. *¦
He thinks old Europe would be likely
to be distanced if the American chorus
girls should invade her shores. He de
fines the dance of the chorus girls as the
old French cancan step, embellished with
the waltz step and the Cakewalk. The
Joy and gladness the American chorus
girl puts into the dance gives the languid
dsneers of the grand opera "a black eye."
Praise for the Chorus Girls,
GREAT FALLS, Mont, Aug. 15.— The
love of Castale Gabuta and Lucia Tire led
to a tragedy at Great Falls this morning.
Gabuta, who Is a young mechanic em
ployed at the Boston and Montana smel
ter, had for a long time been paying at
tentions to Miss Tire, the 19-year-old
daughter of Angelo Tire, a small trader.
He was objectionable to both the girl's
father and brother. Joseph Tire, and an
elopement was planned. .
The father and brother discovered the
plans of the clovers and Gabuta was
warned no.t to see the girl again. The lat
ter was locked in the house, but man
aged to see her lover. The father learned
of it and with his son went to the house
where Gabuta lived at 5 o'clock this
morning and asked him to come out. As
he left the house the, two men sprang
upon him and said they meant to kill him.
He fired two shots and both struck the
old man, inflicting fatal wounds.
Young Tire wrenched the 'weapon from
the hands of Gabuta 'and beat him Into
Insensibility with It, fracturing his skull.
Believing Gabuta to be dead, he fled, and
all day eluded capture. When the girl
was Informed of the tragedy, that her
father , was fatally wounded, her lpver
likely to die and her brother a fugitive,
she became a raving maniac and had to
be placed under restraint.
A warrant was ordered issued for the
officer who told Gabuta to carry the re
volver.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
of Tragedy.
Lucia Tire Becomes a Rav
• ing Maniac When Told
Her Brother Club3 the
Slayer Into Insen- :
SUITOR SHOOTS
GIRL'S FATHER
STRATHCONA
SAYS RAILWAY
IS ASSURED
THE S^F FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY, AUGTUST 16 % 1903. ,
23
ADVEBTISTTMT'.TJTS.
I Extra Dry. ,
Importations for seven-months ending Juty-31 v
715838 CASES '
Being Greater than the Importations
of any other brand.
The Extra Dry of ths superb 1898 Vintage now
arriving is conceded to be the choicest
\ Champagne produced this decade. >
ADVBBTISEHENTS.
There is flavor as well as
strength in mustard*; strength
is not all ; and strength is/not
the fine' part. : , Schilling's Best
has the flavor. Our Mustard
Compound, reduced to be ready
for use, has the proper flavor.
Your grocer'3; moneyback.
i ADVEETISEMENTS.
A LTHOUGH we have given away thousands of
Xjl school we still have enough left to sup-
ply every school boy and girl in San Francisco.
If you attend any of the following public schools
come and get a button for the asking, bearing the
name of your school t ¦'.
Adams Cosmopolitan Grammar John Swctt Grammar
Agassiz Primary JohnAV. Taylor Primary
Bergcrot Primary Lafayette Primary
Bernal Primary Lagunda Honda Primary \
Buena Vista Primary Lincoln Grammar
Burnett Grammar Lowell High
Chinese Primary Madison Primary
Clement Grammar Marshall Primary
Cleveland Primary Mission Grammar
Cooper Primary • - Mission High
Columbia Grammar Monroe Primary.
Commercial School , Moulder Primary
Crocker Grammar \ Noe Valley Primary
Dcnman Grammar Ocean House Primary
Douglass Primary Pacific Heights Grammar
Dudley Stone Primary Park Primary
Edison Primary \ Peabody Primary
Emerson Primary Polytechnic High
Everett Grammar Redding Primary
Fairmount Grammar Richmond Primary
Franklin Grammar " "Rincon Grammar —
Fremont Primary Sheridan Primary
vjarneld rnmary Sherman Primary
Girls' High South End Primary
Golden Gate Primary Spring Valley Grammar
Grant Primary Starr King Primary
Haight Primary Bunnyside Primary
Hamilton Grammar Sutro Primary v —
Hancock Grammar " Washington Grammar
Harrison Primary West End Primary
Hawthorne Primary , Whittier Primary .
Hc*r$t Grammar Winfield Scott Primary
Henry Durant Primary / FVFMTNR SCHODT <5
Horace Mann Grammar EVENING SCHOOLS
Humboldt Primary Hamilton Evening
Hunter's Point Primary- . Horace Mann Evening
Irving Primary - Humboldt Evening
Irving M. Scott Grammar. Humboldt Evening High
Jackson Primary Irving Scott Evening
James Lick Grammar Lincoln Evening ,
Jean Parker Grammar Richmond Evening
Jefferson Primary Washington Evening
We want every boy and* girl in San Francisco to
get acquainted with our store, so we give out the but-
tons to encourage their calling. ">;:>.,-
If you have not' secured a button come in.
\»-// v- tltl Vr \J bJp vy « Vr
740 Market Street
AD VEBTTSEMKNTS. )
/^^\ Dup'icatts and Replaces ft&yS
IN Broken Eye Glass y\\
T<"P Lenses for 50c. (-&
J Factory oa premises. fc^-
| ""r Phone Mein JO. |
l^J QUICK REPAIRING. V^
yv\EiN
>gbf tO Dn> HALI^ S REIXVIGORATCR
fJS& •¦¦I etups rn.ll IoB5«rs ar.d unnatural dlo-
j I oharpes in 2i hours. Ycu feel an
*?1 HP lir.provement from the r.rst do?».
*v (Tl Ve have bo much confidence in our
4bq trcatnient that *e offer Five
I'<5 i' Hundred reward for any case we
' mi^ti i I cannot cure. This secret remedy
cures iobi power, nlfrhtly emtSFlon6, wasted or-
C»n», varlcocele. eleet. etrictures. kidneys, fail-
j:h; metnory, drains in the urine, gonorrhoea,
£!K?aee cf the orostate elands and all other
tcrr'.ble effects of se'.f-abuse or excesses, which
l'-ad on to consumption and death. Positively
cures the worst cases in old or young of that
mortlfyir.e condition, quickness of the dis-
charge, and wanting to ilo. and you can't. Sent
¦Faled. $2 per bottle, three bottles. $5. Guar-
*r.tef<3 to cure any case.
Call rr address orders HAJLL'S MEDICAL
INSTITUTE. S55 Hroadway. Oakland. Cai.
Also tor sale at 107C4 Market et., S. F. Send
for Jrw book.
SAMPLE TRUNKS TO ORDER. REPAIRING.
J. MAHTT, 22 TURK ST.
Factory 826 Howard st.
STATEMENT
¦ OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIBS
NORTHERN
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF LONDON. ENGLAND. ON THE 31ST
day of December. A. D.. 19U2, and for th«
year ending on that day, as made to the Insur-
ance Commissioner of the State of California,
jjureuant to the provisions cf sections 610 and
till cf the roiltlcal Code, condensed at per
blank furnished by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
lAmouat of Capital Stock paid up
la Caen 9 1,300.000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate Owned by Company. .$ 2.622,000 85
Loans oa Boaj| and Mortgages.. 1.2«2.<s;9 15
Cash market ¦Ulue of all stocks
ar.d. Bonds owned by Coir.puny. 20.C21.676 10
An-.oust of Loans secured by
pledge of Dondf. Stocks and
cth»:r marketable eecurities am
collateral 3.1C1.2S1 23
C«h la Company's Offlce 8.733 67
Caeh in Banks 635,778 S*
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 234.073 58
Premiums in due Course of Col-
lection 160.W5 44
Bills receivable, not matured . S3. 401 84
Rents due and accrued 6.527 90
Revertior.s owned absolutely by
the Ccn-.paxy 2.014,766 ZZ
X>ue from other companies and
from agents 1,259.040 5$
Et&mps 1.759 83
Tctal AEfJ $^2. 481.766 48
LIABILITIES. ~~
Lcscez adjusted and unpaid 1
Losses la process cf adjustment
cr in suspense Y% «4.102 81
l»&Ees resisted. Including ex-
penscs ......-•».•--••••••••••
Cross premiums oh Fire Hislcs -J
running one year cr les«; j
* ; reinsurance 50 p»r •
•cent f" 2.400,814 46
Cross PrcmlusJS en Fire Risks |
running more than one year •
j • reinsurance pro rata. J
Xlcbillty under Life Department.. 21,744. 507 38
i a: h dividends remaining unpaiJ. 11.917 2»
. Hiile payfcble l.C.%5 23
'•All other liabilities.. 2CS.34S 12
Tcui itabiiitie* iri:??!:!! 5 4:
INCOME. "
yet cash actually received for
Fir* premiums $ 4.S01.S2S 93
N et ceh actually received fyr Life
premiums V'"V,".* L235 ' 633 *
Received fcr lrierest and. dlvi-
<i«i»s oa Bonds. Etocks, L«anB.
J »nd from all <**>« Eoarc*« LCtf^ <3
Ffcclved for Ker.ts * CT.C63 W
iiecclved tor tale of Ancait!e«... 338.133 S3
Total Income *_7.575.C38 19
EXPENDITXTtES. '
vlouj year*) L'.V ¦ '. * z.aa,«* 14
\-ioum vears> 1.3W.913 71
r.-vid"nds u> Stockholder*, i 4S1.3C8 00
&W* cr 'allowed for Commission
r a °id ? o r r Ok |aUr e i^:>eV.-«d-oih;r ™'™ "
rS ch Jr«^>r offlcer*. clerk, etc 831.29142
pg2? 6Ule ' ?^^^ 128.390 o
All otheVp^i-ment, "
t,u res «••••••••••••¦
Tot*! Expenditure. t e.Pg!s03 03
FIRE. ~~
T^«e« ineurrea during the year..> 2.^1.CS2 35
Xtt amount of RlskSj
year 1 !" .f.".?.^ .!?! $1,563,827,047 $4.^01.828 93
•Net amount of IIIpIch
* *£r d dUrtnS T. 1.447.194,512 4. 443. 70! 53
yjffgjS! l^. 1.0i5.«SlJB 3j»1.21»a
\v E JIUBBARD. Chairman.
H E. TTILFO'N. General Manager.
Subscribed btA sworn to before me this Sth
day of April. 1£C3. p> N<jUry p^^^
WESTERN "DEPARTMENT,
Monadnock Block, Chicago.
> G. H- LEE.MIT, Hanagrer.
SAN FBAKCISCO BRANCH OFFICE,
230 California Street.
WALTER* WILSON, Resident Manager.
AHPEL & BEUCKMAU", City Agents
203 Sansozne Street.
Telephone Main 5781.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
! 'f ADVEBTISETVrBTTTS. _. . *
FEMALE 1Q> | V 1Q| \ A ¥ ¥ \/ PELVIC
WEAKNESS lO AJ O LJ ALL Y -CATARRH.
Pc-ru-na Cures Catarrh Wherever Located.
iirAiiru 11 111 a pnrrrn r VilN^^S^^^iSfflv^fo"- Ml8s Muriel Annitage. 38 Greenwood
WOMEN WHO SUFFER. ' Ave - Detroit, illch.. District Organ-
iivmi-11 iinv ww» wm. iZ " Ot Koyal Tem .P Iars oJ Temp«r-
t ¦ mi « f% tt ' • ?^-^S^gz^^Ss^^SfCT^^^L^V < z '//I "I suffered for five years with uterina
LlSten tQ What UP * Hartman t'^^iWf^^^^W&^AWi^ irregularities, which brought on hysteria
LiaiCll IU filial Ul./ liai llliail rg^^f^^^^MW/jSf^/1^^^^. and made me a physical wreck. Itrlerl
Prnnncoc tn Tin f AP Yrm doctors from the different schools of meQ
rTOpOScS XO U0 lOr lOU %% l^' Xffin%' / 7 lcine. but without any perceptible chanff«
,,..., , n , mSmm^ mttmmmmmtmm^ mmmmm Jn condition. In my despair I called
. Without Charge. .1 Mig5 Mur j e i Armitaqe b %^tn&^'S2&£Z£iFi
Doubtl.™ bnnd«d. n cf thousands ,f^' iW t
women all over the United ; States have-* ' ?gained strength and health! and when I
seen Dr. Hartman's offer In the papers— had used fifteen bottles I considered ray-
how he has undertaken to treat every All she is required to do Is to send her se if entirely cured. I am a grateful, happy
woman suffering with any form of name and address, together with her woman to-day."— Mis3 Muriel Arm>tage.
female disease who will write to him, symptoms, duration of sickness and age. Miss Lucy M. Riley, 33 Davenport St.,
free of charge Address Dr. S. B. Hartman, President Cleveland, Ohio, writes:
To those who have not heard of this It of The Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus, SSE
may be said that Dr. Hartman is a phy- Ohio .,„,.„„,, „, T ,Hm«r* iff cured through" the use oC^emna. I suf-
sician and surgeon of great renown in Mrs. faenator Roach, or Larimore, rs. fered ; or five years with^Rere backache.
medical circles, especially in the treat- Dak.; Mrs. Senator Warren, of Chey- an( j w hen weary or worME In the least
ment of those diseases which women enne, "W'yo.; Beiva Lockwood and Mrs. i had prolonged headachS^ I am now. in
alone have to bear General Longstreet. of "Washington, D. perfect health, enjoy life I and have
H« has arraneed to aniwpr all lf»tt*»r«i c - are amon^ the prominent ladles who neither an ache nor pain, thanks to Per-
, He nas arrangea to answer an letters indorse Peruna. una."— Lucy M. Rlley.
that are sent to him from women Mi as Helen Rolof, Kaukauna, TVls., if you do not derive prompt and satis-
troubled with any form of female weak- writes: ? factory results from th« use of Peruna.
ness, free of charge, giving the benefit "Several times during the past two write at once to Dr. Hartman. glvlnjr a
of knowledge which. has cost him forty rears- or more my system has been full statement of your case, and he will
vears to accumulate greatly In need of a tonic, and at those be pleased. to give you his valuable ad-
in the reach of any woman, and sho can appetite and securing restful sleep."— The Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus,
get them at any drug store. Helen Rolof. . Ohio.
AD VERTISE2EENTS. cS^j
f STOCK RANCHES A SPECIALTY.
California, Oregon, Nevada, Arizona and Mexico stock ranchev—
I for their mere value for grazing — vast tracts suitable for coloniza-
tion. Valuable not done for grazing, but for timber, agriculture,
oil, minerals or town sites>
..SANTA CLARA COUNTY BARGAINS.
800 acres highly improved. Full equipped dairy\ 40 acres, full
bearing orchard. Comfortable barns, dwelling, well watered, tim-
bered, fenced. $20,000.. (
350 acres, four miles out. Rich, level land. Excellent dairy
ranch, improved. Price only $23,000.
310 acres, Monterey road. Rich level land. $15,000.
New up-to-da^e residence, large lot, centrally located. Price
. GHAS. W. COE & CO.
I ReaP Estate, Cattle and Loans. j
I Residence telephone James 3481. . . Office -telephone Black 191 1. ¦
¦ . . 45 WEST SAN-TA CLARA ST., SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA.RULER WHO FAVORS COALI
TION AGAINST AMERICAN
INDUSTRIAL COMPETITION.
SACRAMENTO. Aur. 13.— Governor Pardea
to-day arrvolnted John S. Dore of Fresno and
J. C. Bull Jr. of Kureka delegates to ths
Tran«-Mlssis3ippi Congress, which convenes at
Seattle next week.
•> Brings Quarter-Million in Gold.
SEATTLE. Wash.. auk. 15. — The
steamer Oregon arrived • to-day from
Nome, carrying $250,000 in gold and 139
passengers. *t
CHICAGO. Aug. 15.— Announcement was
made to-day of the coming marriage of.
Miss Bessie Anthony. Western woman
golf champion, to Bernard Shorne of
Plttsburg. The .marriage will take placa
in November at the home of Miss An
thony's parents In Evanston.
Woman Golf Champion to Wed.
DIXON, Aug. 15. — After an* Illness of
six weeks Dr. August Trofton, one of
the oldest and best known practitioners
in "the State, died at hi- home to-day on
First street. . He was 75 years of age,
and had practiced medicine in Northern
California for the past fifty years. He
was noted far and wide for his kindness
and generosity to the poor and needy.
Physician Answers the Last Call.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 15.— Tho Electro*
typers and Stereotypers' Union held th«
last of It3 series of meetings to-day.
President Freel declined to present a prop
osition to indorse W. S. Waudby for tha
position of Labor Commissioner on th«
ground that under its constitution tha
union can take no part In politics.
Keeps Out of Politics.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 13.— Charles
Forn^ter. a pioneer in this cityj and
in 1S94 president of the California Com
mission to the World's fair at Chicago,
died to-day at his home, aged 77. Dur
ing his labors at the "World's Fair For
rester suffered a paralytic stroke, from
the effects of which he never fully re
covered. A widow and three children
survive him.
Death of Weil-Known Pioneer.
Armv Officers in Conference.
WASHINGTON'. Augr. 15.-*The higher of
ficers of the army held their first meeting
in General Corbin's office to-day and dis
cussed matters pertaining to tha new state
of affairs In the army. The machinery of
the general staff seems to have been In
good working order, for the business of
the, War Department proceeded to-day aa
It had done heretofore.
Preliminary pistol practice will tak«
place next Wednesday for the competi
tive shooting to be held Sunday, August
23. About a hundred competitors are en
tered. '
Corporal Henry Heuser. distinguished marks
man. Troop C. Fourteenth Cavalry. 842; Lieu
tenant Aubrey Lipplncott. Fourteenth Cavalry.
Xl»: Lieutenant Cole. Ninth Cavalry. IVi: .Ser
geant Spencer Thomas. dlstinsruUhed maxk*
man. Ninth Cavalry. 730: Captain Harold How
ard. Fourteenth Cavalry. "£**: Corporal George
Watson, Fourteenth Cavalry. 710; Private
Claude Lewis. Fourteenth Cavalry. 605; Pri
vate John Carlson. Fifth Cavalry, BBS; Sergeant
Karl Meyer. Fifteenth Cavalry. €92; Sergeant
Jahnke, Fourteenth Cavalry. 6S0: Corporal
Bushkovskl. Fourteenth Cavalry. 678: Serseant
Charles J. Downey, Fourteenth Cavalry. 690.
PRESCOTT, Ariz., Aug. 13.— The depart
mental carbine competition closed to-day
at Fort Whipple. Out of a possible llwl
for the entire shoor the following stor««
were made, the four highest securing
places In the army team which shoots in
Chlcaso August 26:
Four Contestants Secure Places on
Army Team Which Shoot3
at Chicago.
CARBINE COMPETITION
CLOSES AT FORT WHIPPXB
The board appointed R. Harvey, starter
of the races: H.»'Cassidy, marshal; Fred
Chase, entry clerk: J. Brenner, clerk of
the course; W. .Lampert and F. Lelong,
timers; Joseph Dimond, financial secre
tary. J- ¦?.{-.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 13.— The State
Board of Agriculture opened and dis
cussed bids for bookmaking privileges this
afternoon. The proposition of an open
book for six bookmakers to cut In at the
rate -of $200 each per day for six races,
aggregating $14,400, was accepted on the
condition that auction pools should be
sold on results of every race and the con
ducting of the same should be to the sat
isfaction of. the board of directors; ana if
not so, tho board would be allowed to
place their own auctioneer and conduct
the sales of pools on all races. The rep
resentatives of the following well-known
bookmakers agreed to this proposition:
George Bement. Caesar Young, George
Rose, Hughey Jones, J. Davles and J.
Coleman. The race programme privilege
was awarded to James Duffee.
Morse's Detective Agency was awarded
the contract to patrol the track'and pa
vilion. ¦' •'•';'¦'•;
Agree to All the Regulations Pro
posed by the State Board of
Agriculture.
SIX BOOKMAKERS TO CUT
IN AT SACRAMENTO RACES
the Porte was not Interpreted by the Bul
garian committee as indicating any
change In the political programme laid
down in previous government communi
cations. It would be a dangerous error,
added the Russian Foreign Minister, on
the part of the principality to 'consider
Russia's present action as fostering the
revolutionary agitation of tho Macedo
nian committee, whose continued criminal
activity was a hindrance to the pacifica
tion of the vilayets, and therefore to the
Introduction of reforms. From the Rus
sian consular reports it was clear that the
peaceful Christian population suffered at
the hands of the revolutionary bands as
much as It did from outrages and rob
beries committed by Turks. All of these
circumstances, concluded ¦ Count Lams
dorff, proved the necessity for the moat
vigorous counter-action on the part of the
Bulgarian Government, with a view to
the suppression of the troubles in the
Balkan peninsula.
TURKISH TKOOPS REPULSED.
Insurgents Retain , Supply Depot
After Much Fighting.
LONDON. Aug. 15.— Letters received
here from Monastir, dated. August ,6, add
to the brief reports that, the censor allows
to leak out some information as to .the
situation then prevailing. The letters
say:
"The Insurrectionary bands have nearly
their full complement of men' and ¦; those
revolutionists who were delayed by the
harvesting are hastening to join the col
ors." Heretofore the recruits 'were re-
TWO , CULPBITS ARE HANGED.
Sultan Tunishing Those 'Implicated
in Murder of Consul. , *
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 15.— Dr. Man
delstam, who succeeded the
Russian Consul, Rostkovskl, at Mon
astir, in his report on, tho trial of tho as
sassin Hallm. and others connected .with
the crime says that the,, defendants
claimed that the Consul had struck at tne
Turkish sentry and even that he had shot
' Th*» Immediate severe punishment of the
'murderer: the arrcrt and exemplary pun
trnment of the person wh<> fired at Rost
knvoskl'* carriage: the immediate produc
tion of positive proof that the vail of
Monastjr ha» been actually punished: the
Immediate punishment gf ail the civil and
rri'.Hary officials responsible for the mur
'^er.
'¦ In sdditfua to these demands Embas
fudor Ziriovoflf was Instructed, as a means
of Reneral pacification In tho vilayet of
Monastic, to make the following demands:
' Or. August 11 'Count Lamsdorff, the For
eign Minister, telegraphed to M. Zlnovoff,
Russian EmbaMador in Constantinople.
that neither the Sultan's expression of
regrrt. tb« visit of Prince Admed, the
Cultan'* son. to the Emfcassador, nor the
expressions of sympathy l>y the Grand
Vlzirr and other hiph Turkish dignitaries
-was considered to be adequate satisfac
tion-for the murder of Rostkovoski.
When Stchrrbina. thr Russian Consul,
mas murdered in Mitrovitza, continued
Count l^amsdorfT. the Czar took into 'ac
count the fact that the murderer was an
Albanian, who&c tribe was in rebellion
• tiiinst the Government. Thf outrage at
Monastir was of quite another character
and railed for the, severest punishment.
.The Czar therefore ordered that no prom-
Urs on tho part of the Turkish Govern
ment should be accepted, but that de
mand* be tirade as follows:
Continued From Page 21, Column 6
representatives abroad shows the first
steps t«k<*n as a c-onsequenco of the mur
der of Rostkovoski. the Russian Consul
at Monustir:
On August 12 Count Lamsdorft tele
graphed to the Russian diplomatic agent
in Sofia that the Imperial Government
could not obtain adequate satisfaction for
the assassination of Rostkovoski, and
therefore had already, taken measures to
secure redress. As on the occasion of the
murder of Consul Stcherblna the sup
pression of the Insurrectionary movement
among the Albanians was demanded, so
on the present occasion demands had been
presented to the Ottoman Government for
the severe punishment of all the military
and civil authorities guilty of atrocities
against the Christians. ;\«V:
Count Lamsdorft Instructed the diplo
matic asent that it was his duty to see
that - Russia's vigorous attitude toward
The Immediate punishment of all Turk
ish officials regarding whose outrageous
behavior a report was made by the di
rector of the Russian consulate in Uskub
after making a tour of the vilayet of
Kossovo in company with the Austrian
Conpul; the reinstatement of-lsmail Hak
ki, who was dismissed, but whose ef
ficiency was Indorsed by Hilmi- Pasha, in
spector general of Macedonia; the imme
diate release of the peasants on whom,
according to the reports of the Russian
and Austrian Consuls, the Turks perpe
trated atrocities: the Instant dismissal
and punishment of the officials of the ad
ministration y of Salonica and Prisrend,
v.hose malpractices have been brought to
light, and, finally, that the foreign officers
employed in Macedonia shall immediately
enroll fresh gendarmerie and police for
the requisite protection of the peaceable
population and the Introduction of legisla
tive order. '.'¦'.
The Czar's Warships Will Coerce the Sublime Porte.
SOFIA. Bulgaria, Aug. 15.-Premler Pet
roff hau just) returned from a visit to the
Macedonian frontier, where It touches the
district of Dubnitza, and he take a some
what optimistic view of the situation in
Macedonia. lie believes that the outbreak
will be confined to the vilayet of Monas
tir, where the Turks probably will succeed
in suppressing the insurrection.
Regarding the reports that Bulgaria was
responsible for the outbreak, he pointed
out that the center disturbed area was
nearly 200 miles from the Bulgarian fron
tier and was separated from it by a coun
try largely inhabited by Turks. Conse
quently, he Bald, it was foolish to say
that the movement was. aided by bands
from Bulgaria, and it was equally unrea
sonable to suggest that the arms of the
Insurgents came, from. Bulgaria. He as
serted that, aa a matter of fact, the guns
used by the insurrectionists were all of
French manufacture and that most of
them were bought from Turkish officers
and men who, receiving no pay, had re
ported to the aale of their guns and am
munition to obtain money. The Insurrec
tion, he declared, was entirely a national
Macedonian movement, organized by the
Macedonian, Internal committee.
This, in itself, was proof <»f the shock
ing condition of> affairs due to the excesses
of Turkish soldiers, who. on the pretext
of searching for arms. 'entered Macedo
nian villages, to plunder and destroy..
The situation in the unhappy villages,
he thought, had been rendered more des
perate by the reftiaAl of the Turks to per
mit tha unemployed to. leave In order, to
obtain work elsewhere. This goaded the
population to the . most desperate meas
ures. Premier Petroff declared that the
Bulgarian Government was doing its ut
most to maintain peace.
' Petroff says that the Turks are pouring
overwhelming, forces into Monastir and
that they are Sufficient not only to sup
press, the present rising, but to destroy
the entire revolutionary. : movement un
less the powers intervene to prevent Tur
key taking rigorous measures. Upon the
whole, the Premier .believes there j is .no
immediate cause for alarm. On the con
trary, he is of the opinion that the situa
tion will soon change for. the better.- -
Will Suppress Insurrection.
Bulgarian Premier Believes , Turkey^
PETROFF HOPES FOR PEACE.
"Excepting for two or three places pos
sessing strategic advantages, all of the
sixty or seventy villages in the Krushevo
district are deserted. In tha Fiorina dis
trict, the rebels have a large depot in a,
strong position in the mountains, held by
000 revolutionists. Many women are bak
ing bread day and night for those in the'
Held and large supplies of clothing, shoes,
rifles and ammunition are- kept there. A,
spy informed the* Turkish' authorities of
the depot and they sent 1000 troops on Aug
ust 4 to capture the place. .The fight which
ensued lasted twenty-four hours. Many
soldiers were killed, but the stronghold
was so secure that »the rebels', who sus
tained no losses, repulsed tho attack.
"On August 5 sixty Turkish soldiers
were found dead at Karamanl, appar
ently killed in a hard fight with a su
perior force of. rebels.
"The insurgents still hold Smllivo. Many
Turkish soldiws, with seven cannon, are
only a few miles off, but they dare not
attack the village. Before the bands
reached Smilivo 1(H) soldiers occupying the
village killed many of the Christian in
habitants and burned a large part of the
place. 'The bands, on their arrival, an
nihilated the garrison.".
quired to provide their own rifles. Now
all art» supplied from magazines in the
mountains.
¦BUTTE; Mont. Aug. 15.— Information
was received in this city to-night that to
morrow's Helena game at Spokane would
be, the last for the Montana capital team
under the colors : of the Pacific National
League, . as an order has been wired to
Manager Carisch from club backers at
Helena that the team would -drop from
the league. • An unprofitable season is
given -as- the ¦' cause. President , : Lucas
could not. be : communicated with to-night
and it is not f definitely known how the
league balance will be adjusted.
Helena Quits Pacific : League.
LONDON, Aug. 15.— The yachting skip
pers on the Clyde are generally optimistic
regarding the Shamrock Ill's chances for
winning the America's cup. John Carter,
the well-known skipper of King Edward's
Britannia, believes the Shamrock III is
able to beat the Reliance, but hopes that
the managers will speedily make up their
minds definitely regarding the trim of the
boat and her canvas.
Ben Parker, captain of Emperor Wil
liam's Meteor III, says tho Shamrock will
win. • •
Captain Archie Hogarth, who sailed the
Shamrock I, is similarly confident.
CLYDE SKIPPERS PREDICT , £ ;;
VICTORY FOR SHAMROCK
They Are Sanguine That at Last the
America's Cup Will Bo
Lifted.
SOFIA, Aug. 15.— An enthuiastic meet
ing of Macedonian sympathizers was held
here this afternoon, at which resolutions
were adopted in favor of agitating the
country In order to bring pressure to bear
upon the Bulgarian Government to inter
vene in Macedonia. A committee was ap
pointed to collect money to aid the in
eurgents.
, *
Favor Bulgarian Intervention.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Aug. 15.— The wid
ow of M. Rostkovoski in informing Hilml
Pasha, the inspector general of Macedo
nia, that she would not accept the Indem
nity of JSO.000 offered by the Porte for the
murder of her husband, said she did not
want Turkish charity.. She has returned
the of the order of the Nlsh
anl-Shopakat bestowed upon her by the
Sultan, and also her husband's Turkish
decorations.
A steamer has left for the Dardanelles
to embark AH Riza Pasha, the dismissed
vail of Monastir, who has been 'exiled to
Tripoli. .
Widow of Hurdered Russian Consul
- Refuses Indemnity. '
SCORNS TURKISH CHARITY.
The court-martial sentenced" Hallm and Ab
bas to death. Selnel to fifteen -years and Tew
flk to five years' Denal servitude. The offi
cers Ismael and Sallch were sentenced to be
dismissed from the army. Assin was acquitted.
Husseen llilml Pasha stated that he had
received an order from Constantinople to carry
out the sentences Immediately. The ¦ two men
sentenced to death were hanged to-day. The
dixmiEsal of the officers from the army took
place this evening. The chief of the gendar
merie, the chief general of the gendarmerie for
the city of Monastlr and the captain of the
company to which Hallm belonged have been
deprived of their commands and handed over
to the judicial authorities. An inquiry has
been .Instituted for the purpose of discovering
who fired at the Consul's carriage from the
military bakery.
Hallm was charged with the actual murder.
Another sentry named Abbas, who was charged
with having railed to afford the Consul any
protection, and two other sentries, Sctnel and
Aasln. who were absent at " the time of the
murder, but the former of whom tried to ex
cuse his comrade, were brought before the
court. Th» chief pf the gendarmerie was
charged with having placed at Important posts
wild Albanians who could not even speak
Turkish. .Second Lieutenants Ismael Hakkl
and Sallch Kadri were prosecuted because on
the way to the Russian Consulate after the
murder, in speaking with Schoolmaster Mls
dkoff. they referred to the murdered Consul
In coarse and insulting terms. Tewflk. a lamp
cleaner, who has been before the court, con
tradicted the testimony of the other witnesses
and declared that the Consul had struck the
sentry and had shot at him. He was charged
with perjury-
The.eentry did not give the Consul a mili
tary «alut«. The Consul first beckoned to him
and then left the carriage and asked the man
his name. It waa absolutely proved that M.
Rostkovskl neither shot at Hallm (the sentry)
nor In any way insulted him. but that Hallm
Immediately fired at the Consul several times,
and. when the .Consul stepped up fired again
with the rine close to the ConsuVs head after
ward battering hts temples with the butt end
of hts rifle.
VIENNA, Aug. 15.— The King of
Roumania has joined those wno
are agitating in favor of an eco
nomic coalition of European coun
tries against the United States.
King Charles has long been antagonistic
to the United States because of the "Wash
ington Government's efforts, to ameliorate
the condition of the Roumanian Jews.
at him. By replying to a series of ques
tions put by Mandelstam, the court found
as follows:
4. : _4
Roumanian Ruler An
tagonistic to United
States. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLi' SUNDAY,' AUGUST 16, 1903.
KING CHARLES
EAGER TO JOIN
A COALITION
24
THE DOCTORS WHO CURE
SAN FRANCISCO'S LEADING PHYSICIANS- and EXPERT SPECIALISTS
/fijg^, WE TREAT AND CURE
i?7i?Mp |»A CATAERH. Nose and Throat Trouble?. Nerrous Diseases, Ki-!ne»
JK*a5!»254 43a and Liver Diseases. Btadder Trrubles, Hoart IMscuso. Dtsaases e?
jgftgJgSr^ th * Stomach and Dowels. Piles. Fistula anl Uect<l Dis?a»>»s F«m»»
EiSvfr 0 ' -**T#\ Complaints. Chronic Diseases of Women an.l Children. Rlcfcet*. Spin.
WpR I2i **+ \ "' Troubles. Skin IJlBearrs. Deafn-ss Asthma. Bronchial mi Lunt
vejvv**, -rb j Troubles, Rheurr.atlam. Hay Fever 'Neurals'.a. Hysteria Ear DU-
7 'Vi »«ses. Goitre or Blgr Neck. Varlcocele Lost Manhood, *e. : Blood
* »« Diseases. Private Disease*, Scrofula and all forms ot Nervous ani
\^ .fijHi Chrcnlc Diseases (that are curable).
Jh< Kv^T I ? UB MOTTO: A low fee,? l^M'^^S,
f^^Sv~~u£posteM 1 uic}c cn f e « mil * «^d paini«is )^-%T2!?i!SrS
by letter fre « to au' ei lfaai or ?&, •S»»"2\Sj3\
HOME CURES BY MAIL° & 5P
no not despair because you live at a distance from th^.-ltv Drs MS?^
Shores" new system ot HOME TREATMENT makes ?J oa-J • to ff«t
expert advice and treatment at home. Their n.w aymp'om "lank TBr/faMS,Z
covers every symptom of disease which enabl-s them to diagnose /T*£tf7rK
your caro and tell you what your troubla U. wh « can be don« far A3*vW?» ' b'J
you. and what th« co!>t of a cure will be. write If you cannot Jf^lfo&^jr
rail for their new symptom list and take advan'are of tha FREB
S^ia?K52r?? you take treatm Atot *£****• zBftL.
WEAK MEN PAY WHEN CURED
If you suffer from any of the weaknesses We cure you Hrst ant! then ask a I:Ka-
or diseases caused by Ignorance, excess or SOXABHE FEE when you are- cured. You
contagion lOU ARE THE VERY PERSON* c »n depend upon our word; thousands of
WE WANT TO TALK TO. patients have indorsed us.. NOW WE
W< U~, a o e .,. P roven v our •kill ln curtnr WANT TO CURE YOU wUh ths dlit'nct
CHRONIC diseases by puhllshlnit the many understanding that w» wtll not demand a
voluntary testimonials from horn* people FEE until we cure you. This applies to
Blvlnt names, pictures and addresses. Lost Manhood. I Seminal Weakness, Sper-
We 1 Can't Publish Our Cures in matorrhcea Varlcocele. Diseases of the
¦ , *' ules ln Prostate Gland. Unnatural Losses Gonor-
PriVatC Diseases. rhoea. Ol«et. Stricture, etc.; Contagious
B,cau.e tt would betray. confldencs. H.nc, 2? "'" "" ¦ WEAKJiE3Si:3 oI
P o r oXr%y W VhVls^r%U t E^^K^Su^y^V^ «i
PrSrShores«&. Shores, Expert Specialists, 933 g,, 11^.^^.
"THE LADY IN BLACK," by Bryson, FREE Art Supplement Next Sunday
AD VEBTISEME2TT3.
It's
#•, A good pattern and well made. The
wood is oak, golden finish. Measures 30
inches high and has top 24 by 24 inches. A
handy tafcle around the house, or can be used
in the parlor. Price $5.00. % ,
Also the same table in maple, with birds-
e3'e top, at $6.50.
' (Successors to California Fnrnittire Co.)
957 to 977 Market Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenne.
J^^^gi Chiffoniers $9-^ II K ' :
>^y^ygp^^^g^^ Dressers $n # UP a\l
I Solid oak with French plate
S^assss:^?'" beveled mirrors. We carry
&==S=fe^r= a 'complete new stock of fur- I
¦ :^ffi^ ; niture of the latest desi § n ' 1 '^^^^^^^^ |
S^s^^r^ which ranges from the low- |
Rfe^^^ 3^" you can effect a great saving l^^^^'^^^pg ;
\ We own our own building and are therefore free from the enormous item 1
j of rent. We buy in large quantities for cash, taking advantage of all trade
S discounts and low freight rates. This enables us to mark goods at a much
| lower figure than we otherwise could and you benefit accordingly. You can
1 effect a Jeat saving by getting our prices on furniture and caipets. Our car-
f pet stock is the largest in the city. We did not join the combine and can
I save you as much on carpets as we can on furniture.
g You are welcome to come and compare* prices. * . j
I The «L Noonan Furniture Co.
££th\u 1017-1021 Mission Street KsTofe m
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
c • 1 c ii» n a« c 1 • j. ' cot.\Tnv ohders receive prompt attextiox. . r ... ' c . t . m 1 ,u«
Special Selling Outing Skirts *» -^ . , An Extra Special in Blankets
Z^^j£¥^rDB> 75C ifornl^nms^^^U
bit* er.d i-i.-i. ¦•; with i-Mka dot ef- -/X^m i \u m "^tirVByK**®? f^^G^iffirVSSlr&'fflyJFfiRfa ¦wool blankets— the finest tjJJUJ'Pair.
fects; coven doth. :;i blue, tan ani Oxford. j*TJr^~ n ddT JjS***^** grade — extra heavy — slnglo ~
a"! ggP^^ !T d SlZe r S T r1^ f,° ft ' fin !fwnrth iZ'
th* M»asrn at S! 00 e.-vi fl CO; for the n?x: j-ji»«wt»^j f£*£~y, |g» ¦ "¦»«— ders and. wide blndlnK— well worth Jo.00,
thre* 6&\f they to at Toe. .: ,',' *^ ,' . \ the extra special price Is $3.65 pair.
A Silk Sensation. Lace Event of importance
85c Plain and Fancy Peau de Soie, Special Selling Valenciennes Laces.
Mcndav and Tuesdav you will have the benefit of a rare-«»^vr» Monday and Tuesday will witness the best offering we have made in
purchase which was made by our Eastern buyer, who secured kI|U months in Valenciennes laces. The manager of the lace department very
from < New York Importer 7500 yards or the season":? most fash- %3%3-^A recently purchased a larg»* surplus stock of thc=o laces from an Eastern deal-
lonable silkF-Peau de Soie— both plain and fancy. Bought in the w er. having in mind some special selling that would astonish even those who
regular way those silks would be sold for 85 cents a yard, but we secured are familiar with our lace values. The event commences to-morrow morning,
h rar«» bargain and now it's vour chance, for at 5S cents a yard the selling and we want to say that the offerings comprise the most superb laces pro-
of this lot of Peau de Soie will prove the silk sensation of the season. The duced— Calais Valenciennes— In edgings arid insertions— ln widms of 2
colors included art- crram blue, pink, malse, turquoise, old rose, gray, castor, inches, and the prettiest patterns. This is really a grand offer, •fla these
tar navy reseUa partel blue. Every Jlber in the fabrics is pure silk and the prices merely Indicate what you can obtain here for the next two days.
flnlsfa la" ctf that Boftnn* that gives character to high-claBS Peau de Soie. . Prices per dozen yards: ,.:..¦-
Thfre will be swift selling here while this lot lasts and if you hope to share - IC C 1 Qr» QKr 5£5»f t\^C 7Sf
in tho money-saving vou must come early, and remember it's the regular '"*') 1S7V*, XOW; OOt, OVFC 9 Dot, COW.
ES-ccat Peau de Soie for only 58c yard. V; ; Worth 25c, 30c, 40c, 50c, 75c, S5c, 00c, $l.w<, $1.23.
The nfxt tfcree dsyi will tx> memorable ones in the puit depart- j " — ¦ IMMFMQF \/AI I IFQ QII K lA/AI^TS
rr.fnt. and th<?> will ¦• ¦::. ¦:¦ long in the memory of every purchauscr. **^S^5fijl# IIVIITIS_I^O1_ VMLULO OILI% WVrtlOIO.
'•¦ they vi : .• luck, days :• 1 thrifty trarjirs. fashionably iiullned. i/J?''^A ~^-&^!!^Z*yS&j£r&J Th! * sale wl " bc n "Pl'-ndkl surpriee fcr our friends — every one
roi In addition to th -f matchless tlearincs of Coats. SIUc WHiFts J&jfjM- ttf^JT^Ssi+^Zs^Z;*' cf < h^^ p waists i.s a late arrival— all an- of tho most seasonable
»>r. : 1 loth Ruits .< • .••• able to announce a m if-t lm:x)rta:!t special jk~^J9¥V^B JV^-SJSsffifejiT^V styles. We always lead ln waist values, and this ,1s to be the
r ., •: ;..,:, • •,. v. autj:nn Suit*. lashionej after the feaxon'i" latest KHSWsilTT CT-^<|2y-» s jSr'-' leading rale of the year, for values and vf»rl»ty are better than
r ; . ;>. .- ¦: ••• •¦: *hl li '-•¦-! nrnrly double cu:r prtce for these exact <«e&Jtf/ >^-/ - (f3* "** ( 3?C;' / pver hF '" rL '-
Cupl'.ratef \\ . have nx-eivrJ ::W" and there's no more to bp ..b- -^L*t^T? -^/^r^ 6^.00 SILK WAISTS,
tsincd lit the same prlre<. for the manufacturer declined to accept . fljs^.1 100 waists-this season's styles-Peau de Sole, <£O OA
u ordt-r. e^pt at a sro.-it «dvanc*. Later «n suits like the»e wU S-^\V\ % ' Taffeta and changeable silks-all colors except <P-i.^U
t- much h'.Kher PMced-now our customers C et the benefit of our rfffi*$\ XV^2tV black-all sizes-good $4 values, special at S2.2O
"e\v long jacket suits rrfiR^V \^m\ ss.oo silk waists.
Th.v -hm.M «,m r nr $-_the !>rw TlnchmOO en IS i' U Oflfife^ l\ V^ 150 waists— Peau de Sole. Peau de Cygne and djO AfZ
iJ-vl\^ ? "in^-h- "rrf 7irh frrav mix* " r " $23.50 If , / VVP Taffeta, made in the most fetching fashions- <PO.^-O
JS^iS^^tevffw^^^^&^uogg u Ijj Ir 7^^m \J a J l &l C0 }°! a .. ( :\ n ?! ud !!] e . .^?^\. re^ a . r ' y . d .. S6 L' h h B Jd
NEVV FALL STVLFi^ SUITSV " \ MlWI <*A J»rl 7 85.50 SILK WAISTS,
The ln<r«t I^ne an.' -iiort rBecls—a large va- Aon CO I \\ \ \\ \i (* v/^? ' " 5 India silk waists, made with the latest large fljQ OC
¦ rlriv cf fabric" zib'li-t^ in ih'c fall weights S3 2. 50 / \\\W v X T ' sleeves; hemstitched and pleated effects-in cream vP«J • O O
E^^Cte^'S^S^^tairtwSS All of these ft H VVk and b^ck-sold regularly at J5.5O; th, : special price.. *3.G3
fUif have tho very latest cut sklrti and the new full M I l3»^VWzK A M $7.50 CKEPE. DE CHINE WAISTS. 1
Kleerea thnt will be very popular with smart dressers. At- TW^pi;';/ /f li ]ft)n I 150 waists in this very choice lot of waists— <JxC OC
ter thi? month puitb [ik« these will he selliug for $42.50 and \X\ ll > 'A^V^Jl/ f ' tucked and faceting effects, with fancy stock and «*>«-»•*-»«-»
$40. and we could Dot duplicate the lot ana sell them for VU \V v \\VSt|^ S: lL_g the latest sleeves— in all the new colorings; worth J7.50: tho
lors. It*« our good buying that enables us to sell these for \A l '^yfPT^Tr special •. • .S."».<».*»
th* iptS&nt. price ¦•"v*; ..«.'52.oO \^ » ,IK j j $9.00 PEAU. DB CYGNE WAISTS,
SKIRTED BLOUSE SUITS. . VU'^/ r v • 1<w waists in the popular box-pleat effect— fa- <t»O AtZ
Suits that are really worth $30— Ions skirted <£ I Q QC \ • .' / I ceting on front, back and sleeves— all silk lined <P'J. *tw
Mouses with hhoul<i< r capet— a!so 26-Inch Jack- *** *&•&*** 1 ' / « \ '*' throughout— in the choicest color effects; should sell for $5.00;
e: suits— in solid colors nnd mixturt.-* of blue, black and J Jk \\ x \ v. our special price S<5.4r*
liJORH. !-'<>r FptCiil !=ol!i::g tiie«W t&) Valuer are marked hfin \ \. \ ¦ mmmm^ m w—mi^—m^mmmmmmmmmm _ mmmm hbk >•_ i«^ m
» 10 - 85 ' \\ ' I V $8.50 Black Silk Petticoats,
£llk VVniSt Suit's* • /Af/li \\\. V\\_ To center interest ln our underskirt section <£ C QC
v>IIIV OIII1 L "OIOL OUILO, C/f / // I i'\ \\\V we offer 150 Black Silk Petticoats made with vpO.OO
TIpv Fbnuld *p!1 for S22.50 — Foulards in Ci I *8 7C jtz I If I V. \l - \\\-S deep corded and hemstitched circular flounce— In a su-
litur and hlHck— Ponpt-p— Taffeta in black'* I O. # O Qr-J-Jt "/ \ \l :^- — perior quality of Bilk— also a few rulfled effects in col-
anO tvhttc chocks. These h-ults are all becominKly trim- ' -<3^ — <&... .\^j^^J " ¦'¦ 'ored silk— that sell regularly for $S.5O, at the yeryi low
mod and are u great bargain at ftlll.To I —' *-»CL~ "U^~~ ¦ ¦ ' <¦ ¦ ¦ special price Si'.Oo
A (IP FAT F * , THREE SPLENDID SPECIALS.
' a&i -)V^ niAv« BLACK DRESS GOODS.
glP 1 .^t> 1\JU vJiOVCS, Panama Suitings— Venetian Cloth— Cravenette Cheviot,
* Mcndav and Tuesdav onlv we will place on sale 200 dozen high- 4* a r\ In order to continue/ the popularity which our black dress |% m f\(%
rrsde Kiovcs. which we secured from a retiring; glove importer, fi II L/ Koods department has enjoyed during the ¦ past season
Evcrv nair is euarnnteed- They are made of a superior quality of X I I orfcr these three sterl i"S values-th-\se ma^rluls sell regularly Q ,
Italian UitnbaWn with the latest stitched barks and 2-clasp fas- 61 | I pr for $1.50 yard. For the next three dap they are priced $100 yard J ira -
ter.er^-all Fizes-colors tan. brown, gray, white, mode, ox blood and V %#* here. The Black Panama is 52 inches wide-all wool, shrunk and sponged,
blark. They were made to sell for $1.25; the two days' special price . The Black Venetian is 52 Inches wide— fast London dye— extra heavy. The Cra-
pcr pair *..-SOc venette Cheviot is waterproof— thoroughly shrunk— u2 inches wide.PARIS. Auk. tSTT— Every sovereign who
visits Paris writes his name In the album
of Eoverelgris at the City Hall. A pen
b^arins the arms of England was pre
pared for Edward VII. Now that the
King of Italy is coming, a pen Is being
nad£ for him too. It will be of gold and
enamel In renaissance ntyle and engraved
with the coat of arms of the throne of
s..vcy. . tBfBSftmUBBKBSm
Making a Pen for Emmanuel.
aiTidoelno 1* r*r excellent the de«r hunting
county of the State. The hunter* are- having
greitt euccrsa and their friend* around the
hay are toeinr treated to many a savory meas
of venison. WllliU i« now the Mecca for the
man who wants to kill a deer. «» it ia the cen
ter of the hunting region. From Hotel Wll
11t.«. the beet hotel In all Northern Caim-rnia.
the hunter ctartH out. The excellent meals
there and a little of the very bert vintage
traces him up for a tramp through the can
yens nnd o\ - er the mountain ranges and etead
ic-u hl« nerve* for a "dead shot." If you want
a <l«r so to WiHIts and set your bearlns*
which will lrad fctrsicht to his haunt. •
Where to Get a Deer.
Inventor*! M. P. Schelt. model maker. 520 j
lifpsion «trert. Experimental machinery and j
••¦ <;iit* cf all kisds. Modern chop. *
PARIS. Aug. 13.— Paul Bartlett, the
American eculptor, is busily engaged In
F' ttlng his Lafayette statue erected on
the Place du Carousal. The plaster of
faris cast is being taken down and re-
I» accd by the bronze cast which arrived
from America a few months ago. The
p;<I>*r; eay 'Mr. Bartlett's Intention is to
work a la Americanne and complete the
work yi a few weeks. This will be a
Kood «->ra«iple for Paris, where this sort
of work penerally drags along for months.
Lafayette Statue Under Way.
KKOXVILLE, Tenn., Aug. 15.— By a
provision in the will cf Mrs. Martha
Graves. Congressman Henry R. Gibson
of Tennessee become* heir to between
$50,000 and 1100,000. Mrs. Graves' son,
Xiresidcnt cf a bank in Seattle, Is a col
legemate of Gibson, and It is said Mrs.
Graves at that time took recognition of
ihe good qualities of th© future Con
gressman and aided him financially In se
curing his education.
Gibson has accepted the bequest and Is
paid to be planning an endowment to help
worthy young men through college.
Tennessee Congressman Will Use the
Bequest to Aid Worthy
Poor Students.
LEAVES BICH LEGACY
TO S01TS COLLEGE MATE
Eighteen months ago she left for Ober
eteln, Germany. Osbaldestan folFowed soon
afterward and finding her In the com
pany of a man. It Is alleged, shot and
k*!lled him. He was arrested, but ad-
Judged Insane and released. The young
woman then returned to Plttsburg and
married F. Lugas, superintendent of a
chemical company. Yesterday Mrs. Lu
gas received a letter Inclosing pieces of
blood 6oaked clothing through which bul
let holes Bcorched with powder were vis
ible. .The letter stated that the trouble
had been removed to America and would
ell have to be gone over again, ending:
"I will come to Plttsburg to find you.
I send you some of the life's blood of my
last victim."
Mrs. L.u£us' house is guarded by of
ficers.
PITTSBUBG. Pa., Aug. IS.— Officers
Ti-cre present at Eaat Liberty and Union
Ftatlons to-fiay watchlnp for the coming
cf Prof essoc Edward T. Osbaldestan from
New York, for whom a warrant has been
Issued en a charge of threatening the
life of Mrs. F\ XsUg&s, but h© did not ar
rive. Osbaldestan formerly lived here and
v.-as very attentive to Mrs. Lugas, who
was then unmarried.
Police at Pittsbnrg Watch, for th©
Arrival of Professor Edwin
T. Osbaldestan.
LIFE IS THBEATEWED
BY BEJECTED STJITOB
Two years ago Mrs. Evans also gained
*nm» notoriety by horsewhipping a man
who had attempted to flirt with her.
Mrs. Evans had feared that her hus
band would kill her and had talked of
her fears last night. Bhe locked the door
of ber room when she retired, but by a
Etrange fatality unfastened It during the
r.ipht to pain fresh air. Evans evidently
had planned the tragedy deliberately. He
spent the night In a neighboring- saloon.
Ttcturning home he entered the house
through the pantry window, near which
his umbrella was found to-day, and ap
parently went directly to his wife's room.
Sin. Evans, awakened by the first two
phots, was heard to scream. In a moment
more, when the third shot had b*en fired,
her screams ceased, and when the hired
pirl reached her room Mrs. Evans was
dead.
Mrs. Evans, who was K years of age.
waa a society woman. Bhe was married
to Evans in 1S3S. Last Wednesday she
filed cult for divorce, alleging drunken
ness and cruelty, and at the same time
brought stilt demanding that her hus
band pay $800 for the barn occupied by
the company of which he is manager. The
property, Mrs. Evans asserted, belonged
to her, and In addition she asked an or
der restraining Evans from disposing: of
two of the horses and other property,
which she said also belonged to her. Mrs.
Evans attracted much attention, last
March Curing the teamsters' strike by
driving one of her husband's transfer
wagtsne, which the regular driver refused
to take out of the barns for fear of vio
lence at the hands of the strikers. Mrs.
"Evans mad© several trips, perched on th©
ceat of a big truck, between her hus
band's barns and the freight houses, driv
ing fearlessly through crowds of Jeering
strikers. Once when some of the strikers
tried to cut the horses' traces she lashed
c the men with her whip and proceeded
without being further molested.
Mrs. Evans was attacked as she lay
asleep. According to the hired girl, the
only witness to the tragedy, Evans en
tered his wife's apartments at about day
light and fired two shots at her. Neither
took effect, and then dragging Mrs. Evans
toward him by the hair he deliberately
placed the revolver^ against the back of
her neck' end fired. The shot literally
blew th© woman's head oft. In the dim
light th© hired girl was unable to reoog
rize the murderer positively as Evans,
but Informed the police when the alarm
*m riven that she believed ehe recog-
Elzed the voice as his. Evans escaped,
sr.d his body was found only after sev
eral hours' search.
KANSAS CITY. Aug. 15.— Georgre B. j
I-vans. manager of the American Trans- j
t*x Company, murdered his wife. Mrs. (
Lillie Maude Evans, in a most cold-blood- j
cd manner at their home In the southern
portion of the city early to-day. Later he
•was found dead in Mount St. Mary's
Cemetery, two miles distant, having shot
himself.
Divorcs.
Victim a Kansas City Society |
Woman Who Sought !
vjreorge B. Evans Fol
lows Murder With
ATTACKS WIFE
AS SHE SLEEPS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 16, 1903.
25
I Decorative Art Leather Work ¦ ¦ Sf "" al Sale G °'" is Ord "'' i hy Mail or Choice Table Linens
I Less than hatrpricl, x Teup^wm^B^n.c^D. Much unOer regular prices
X We closrd out at half rrgu'ar prccs a complete sample line of the latest conceits in leath:r lifllHi ""^¦.TJT' j^ X^ Several rare opportunitiei for Linen buyer* on Monday and Tuesday. Many direct im-
*; work, made bj the best «rtht! in thU line in California, and offer it Monday (Tueiday also if' Af). < " ¦" BS A portatlsn* from Ireland and Germany hare just been placed on cur shelrss and counter*. Hotsl-
* quant.tles la«) at |ust half what we would have to chirge for these beautilul piecei if. ' •' ' ¦ ,A^9" J / : " - keeper! and economical housekeepers will da well to consider these offerings, even to lay aide for
fc . locght in the ief:u:ar way. The assortment consists cf various styles of Table Mats, Table Jf -fsf if* GTSf\s43s{lsS ft^j>^&S7'- If 0 £ SsiLf future use.
fc » Throws, Writing Padi, Picture Fram.s, Banners, Kodak Albums, Note Pad«, Blotters, Te'.e- gjL .^jf SfM £* fg/ fi yifBB J-fi /£ \M 3 J& yMlBB 66-inch Bleachtd Table Damask— A closely woven linen in a gool assortment of patterns, a
S,; phon: Picis P.ilows, etc., and most of them mide of the b«t calfskin, hand painted and ap- *W&W %[ £ 4or^™lt JS _& 'tity \f^ Q^ / ** / 1& / & // R & m " 1 ualit y never toId regularly leu than 6oc or 65c thc yard; Monday and Tuesday Jf —p
» pi sued in the most artistic fashion. You must see them to appreciate their beauty. V^ . *ri MI - IC .-.-- ji -'¦'- ''"• '¦ -~__^ m^^^ m -m-* m *^ tS=l^ only at The Emporium for . . . HaT £ %»
% Below we quote a few cf the prices: CALIFORNIA S LARGEST*. eq^^^ P>^ ' 68-inch Bleached Table Damask— Very heavy satin finish, all the newe-t drsgn;; Kgif*
*{ $12:00 hand-painted, app'.iqued Table Throws $6.00 '¦ -aES^il^^^^c^vc-'rDflMnrclT - Tnnr ' ', °^ «g"l" 70c quality; Monday and Tuesday only, yard. *X2«7f?
k 800 ¦ r '*4?~ ' «< << << <J>J nfi a^SyiaW« 1 **^^ k AJVI ERICA S GRANOwTJJTOnw Bleached Damaik Napkin*— Full dinner size, heavy double dama«k that will give splendid wear,
J» ?oo , ,. f , f,-« ? ; .. ' %35OJ ' ; -¦-.¦»¦ ' ¦ usual price * 3 .00 dox.-n; fpecial sale price Monday and <£-£>
|: 7^50 •• •• Pii:ows. . .'.'.'.* \\$3'.75 This is the recognized satisfactory trading center of the Pacific H Tue * lay^"; '' V ''''.'''''¦'''' *.. ,
K *.°o " " " $2.50 Coast/ People whocome here in- response : to our. absolutely truth- £$^^.?^
J. 6.50 beautifully des-gn=d Kodak. Books .$3.25 f u \ newspaper announcements, find the advantages we offer, our Huck Towek-^38 inches, colored borders, reguiarw 51.75 do Kai here-
* ! ¦^^^SMM^ ? m^' ' ' v ' Z%° h ; gh qualities; low prices,.our splendid assortments, our many con- 7/ or " ch vj -y • ' \V • ->' ' 'V ', ' " 'i' ' '.' ' 12 ?°
\ g^^ig^ftg i : : : :$f G .io veniencesarefacts. No exaggeration of prices or descriptions is per- 0^^M^$Sl&
! J- 60c very pretty Pattern Blotters . ..... ... . . 30c mittcd the mana g cment - Y °ur protection in trading here is our. money back guarantee. The Um|| Cfajh Towe !ins— n-Inch, 61 pieces of th's quality, extra fine, soft and
i£ An( i maUY other pieces at these prices. Emporium Department Store has no connection with any other Emporiums. -i:v\ absorbent; yard '. . %7%c
i Black Silks—Greatest Offer Yet ' Shirts and Neckwear Halt Price
$ And Just When You Are Planning Fall Dresses And Less Than Half This Week. Both Stiff and Soft Bosoms.
J Monday and Tuesday,\o start the fall silk selling ;with a rush, we will sell you The balance of our great Shirt purchase a few weeks ago, the overplus production of
j; the material for Russian Blouses, Coats, Skirts, Costumes and fine lining at about a . O ne of the most noted shirt manufacturers in the United States, will be offered
j: third less than ycu will be able to buy them, for regularly, later in the season. ' The for G ARm week at the same low price -as before. These shirts are made of choic-
j: qualities of these silks are all that can be desired, and they are perfect in every way. , s h M d hd , French PercaIes stiff bosoms, open front and back and
i 24-tach Black Pcau dc Soic— Extra heavy quality, rich lustrous finish, wa^antcd to wear, will make very dt-Q£%— WeeK.eacn. ......... ............ ••••••
jf gant coat* and full costumes; regu'arly sold at £1.50 the yard; Monday and Tuesday, Emporium price . <S?OC«r IVJetiS FitlC NCCKWCar — ThOUSandS 01 COireCtly Sfiaped TOUr-in-nandS and
i Yard wide Black TaUcta-That crisply finished, good rustling, perfect black taffeta, that has our guarantee woven into tecks, the balance of a New York manufacturer's stock, inade i of the choicest ma-
k; thc selvage of every yard; a si:k manufactured for dress purposes and makes the richest lining; a d*& * ap terials, in dark and medium effects; genuine 50c, 75c and $1.00 values; on PQa
t' quality that we originally sold at £1.50 the yard; Mondav and Tuesday, Emporium price .... Op B g B 4m SDecial Sale all this WeelCNeach :.....
i* *k fllS M$% ffffr $12.QQ Morris Chairs $6.95 Boys' Best Fall Fashions
* - JL ™ *m*. — y ° Hunarea ™ s Tfme Read the Em nor turn Prices
*: WvwfdifS IS/P M bS9S9 a hundred of in 3% hours a short time ago. At the •' f 81 |'||||j The New ' Sailor and RtlSSiatl jd$M%&S.
i 150 of the most beautiful waists sale ice * ey v ar t e * f r^ re . barK ? jI \ at as ||4 ||i • : Blouse Suits-For boys 2% to 8 mM§)
| , nroduced th : s vear in black and never ,? f, c in Callforma * Infactinifew || fl ifi years; the handsomest and best W/-WL
* produced tn.s year in piacK ana stO res in the United states. They are the Jiillli ar^Hp^ of hlnp red brown and
i Mzr^ colored, plain and fancy silks, i as t we shaii be able to g et at the price. graces or Diue, rea, Drown ana >-$^jQ
\ %^S silk crepe, wash net and all-over The frames are solid golden oak, smooth frt\T ll^alf novelty fabrics; eton collars and J|%Mp£
i lace, airmadefrom the very latest rubbed finished, good springs in seat, strong knickerbocker trousers^very stylish mMh\
7. (%wr'M . . brass ratchet and crossbar to raise and 8 '^mMmllm x$z& i inr\ hprnminrr fn mnQHifHp fpi hvw &*tw'\ W '\ '\ I
\t M/ffiHwwA models, not one in the lot worth- less than i mv n r t hp hirk the hiir rushions arp rp- &l|J™ii§PM^a anO DeCOming 10 mObt llLUe ieilOWb. «^jt V \U
i *^ a v .\ *- i i" ;i 'Vlv lower ine DiIck, liic luiir cubiuons are re- r^i -fy^~ --~^- , ; — -— i»'i25* s fi < v ¦ *• KJ *m *m. T** *r» 1tiilL* < vA
\t /%-V V -^ \h\\fk $12.50, many of them originally 520.00, versible and are covered with good heavy hr^332^±J\ f'W here for $5.OO W^fW^A
\i I are offered for Monday (and Tuesday also figured -velour or solid color corduroy, a regular n >l) * „ , Doublc-Brcasted SuilS— iw' \W\W
* kA\m£v^\ >f quantity lasts), all at the one extra- S12.00 value, Monday and gg£* V me HCW YCSt ana UOVDie MTCOSiea
¦ % rV\ {^t^y^^/ > : \ or d i nary special w *-* r^ Tuesday, ifquanmy lasts, for *P$3b^Q) . For boys 8 to 16 years; every reputable
|J[ price ®/.yO a Fun Size covch-Uphoistered in figured or solid colored velours, good weave of cassimeres cheviots, Scotches Jf ||
<l i 'tyf* K Alterations on these waists will be extra. springs, well made, very comfortable and convenient piece of furni- and plain blue and DiaCK taDriCS, prop- Wf W^
15 flR£ / The sale win take place in the Shirt Waist ture for. ... . ... . . . $8.50 erly cut and properly tailored; here for J| @&2*
; v Department, second floor. Bed Couches — A sofa by day, a bed by night. These are upholstered in solid $3.35 vS
i.S Stylish WalktaflSKirts-AH-wool Scotch Mixtures and fine checked effects, color or figured velours, with box underneath for bedclothes, etc., . j^jjj CoatS— For ages 3 to 16 vears*
: i in gray, black and white and tan and white, either side pleat to hips \ J s I FCC ! a ! ly c g | o0 l d va ! ue (J '/ > \ ' '} ' V c \ ' u ', a &**' 5 P JlaroP nnmSr of nrPttv nPW qtvlXf lark Tir Rppfpr*
\ or 7-gore flare, skirts bought -to sell at fio.00, have && ~n A Splendid Sideboard-Made of ash golden oak finish beveled plate »>rror, ha, a large number of. pretty^new styles .Jack Tar; Reefers,
1 been marked ipifmOtl thr . cc « mmodious dra * ers and a douMc door c^»nct, smooth fin«b, prcwiy £„ -q Russian Coats and Automobile effects; also the swell
jf N< sir^^i^^t2 5 -^rtkLfi^ l0^^MWMi^M^^M^^ l^nf;na^on? vercoat for ¦ l ™ yS7 -*a l *£7J'*w2 l *n
J. the waist line defined by leather te.t, compare thrm with any {.f.ooiuit/h^ G) £5 ieat, broad band acros. back and down center cf back, extremely low price «t. $2. SO ' Tanging trOm . . C>O»f*O tO C>/^-O U
;jr yon hare seen, ar.d ycu will be astonbhedthu our introductory price iionlj^af»ir» fir «U Arm Chair to match . . . $4.5O Same Dining Chair with leathrr teat . . . $3,5O V/MrtVic* Fall Klirt« Pnr ilCTAC 1? tn 1Q vpgrc- nloin hlnoe
5 Fine Broadcloth Suits. $33.75-Madc of a very fins quality a!l-*ool Broadcloth, pVin black or ¦ . Arm Chair with leather iwt . . . $6.OO X0VU15 TOli 3VU5 TOr dgeb ±6 IU..17 yedJS. - plain DIUeS
V navy, coa: is a 3 6-inch docblt-brcastcd straight front, brautifully lined, the ikirt 9-gore flare, FlllC BcdrOOm Chairs— High class, dainty, finely . polished, full box ng% 3^10 DlaCKS and tanCy miXtlueS, extreme OF COnSerVa*
fc] even length unlined, th : a cct ume is tailored in the best mar.nrr, worth g&4&*5> *P E5 fiame, in maple, golden calt or mahogany color, also natural birch, very cheap at •^^•OO tlVe StvleS' manV DrJCCS frOHTl &5.Q0 tO &25 mO O
J lully 54O-OQ, the Emporium price- Bedroom Rockers to match above, $5.75 - J * J K . ' - *^ ww«<r
I Two Big Offerings Jewelry Section Sale Millinery Buckles and Slides ¦¦¦¦¦-¦!
fc The Fobs— Are right up to the m.nute ttylei, worth $». 50 to $3.00 The Chatelaine Bitfs- Are another big special purchase. There are . . ..- j '':„_,- inrliiHincr Jill ' trilt hlirklp*; nXvti\7ed and rhinestone pfferK hlirtlpc:
i J each, very bat silk ribbon, mounted with fine gold filled and silver •*rer«l 'tJ 1 " of fincy me.h, in lilver^m gun metal finisbet, . some ' artlStlC deSlgnS, lnClUaing ail gUl DUCKieS, OXyOlZeU ana rnineSlOTie eiTeCIS, DUCKieS
>: gray finish, ornamenti m unique deigns; wc closed cut thc entire with chains, some with hook atUchifltno^Monday and Tuesday: bf gilt aild CUt Steel,' and gUt and FhineStOneS, have Deen dlVlded mtO 3 big lOtS
it- stock of a hading New York jobber in order to K ii th.-m . The 3 5 c ityks^r . ... . . . #|© f rom w hich you can take your choice Monday and Tuesday, each —
t :l Mo^! ; n . d T : e^ 1 . : it : nid3 ; 8 : y . Iow . prics : 69c s W%M 1 1 1 1 : sii 1 1 *4c, 34c or G4c
I G. A. R. and Souvenir Pillows I Matting and Linoleum I Sale of Guns 60c
£ ,- , A EMireiy N?™ at** Uniquo Designs \ . • Sa§g» TM& WoGk Several hundred guns surrendered by the Samoan
ft Grand Army Souvenir Sofa Pillows and BacKs; a decided «»#© B ffSB$» WW&9*n idon^rc tn rhp Ininf Hiah rnmmlccinn nf rh o '
| novelty; among the designs Grand Army Emblem?; , instead of $7.50 7ft isianaen> 10 me juiir ni^n v>uiiiinibbion 01 ine^
J American Eagle and Flag, Flags of all Nations, etc., Roii-This week *p&* * w United States, England and Germany, and Dur-
2 rJfn^-^rvVn^Diiin^-V-kH-' Pi^S {By the yard, i 5 cHnstead of 2OC.) c h aS ed by .us from the United States Govern-
| °^SL cl^w^^^^SS and^GoPd 1^ ' : >g~£ $£ $7.40 '*&*. have been placed on sale in the rotunda
>: Gate Park Scenes, tops with backs complete.. $1.00 - tD ¦¦ .. , o j nf ? er \ circle, second floor, while quantity lasts, £+*%'
»: We give free embroidery lessons daily from o:?o to ua.m. {By the yard, 20c instead oj 25c.) , - OwC
» ** J •* ¦ J J y-J" lu 1J 1*. tt*. The largest assortment of Japan Mattings we have ever owned, reached us last week per steamer CdCU , •
r, _ j,.. —, . „«. __. mmm ' 'Ji'^ai Coptic. Hundreds of new and attractive designs, in a bewildering assortment of color effects. From Decorators, Clubs mnd Curio Collectors will be interested la this sale, ms well as those who shoot.
% Entertaining BOOMS £3$$® W&ilffffi&B aSSff* the!C wc havc seIcctcd two qualities, consisting of 500 rolls, which wcorTcr during G. A. R.wcek 1
f r fl ?f? P f / "t J : P A / ?? rf i»o» aayana TL a J' |^^Si^wPlii2i|lii3 Blankets and \ Fab JS? r i,f v ° e % a 23o
j^^c^^^T^.,^^ of our enan sto* Other Bedding 2c S^Jf°
* S V WcSte-' a°most rnuch-in-dembd Chiffon 6°° LinOleUMS for 42C Wgy below regular feta G.oves, sizes 6 to 8, pa£
I* iiStructive and entlrtaimng book Veiling that are now J^^-^^^*^
ii inSlTUCUVednueilieruillllllguoUK YClMll o i, llldl die HOW , p -c!al pKce of forty-two ccnu per square t«J Jotl not of course indodc layinj. . J y, U.J ,~- ( 7OI 8i ™SSeS 2-ClaSp Taffeta GlOWS in
i sssm^sk isiata — y-iyys. Siiiiii fiSfiS
»r containing more than 250 pages of intent- .. . .. ° The New Stywsfor Fall stno [Winter . i emon color, blanket! that cannot be Women's .extra^quality Milanese
j; m 5 pictures and dergns to be drawn and qUailiy, in DiaCK, White, Lad i cl ' Lambs Woor Hose -Ribbed or plain, Ladies' f«t b'ack fl«ced lined Cotton Hose, j O !d regularly less than a Lisle Glove, in tans, beavers,
I T^^Blot-ri^J^^l royal, black and white, „ ,^. 2S o "Jg^S^p^S * "«^ " d «5. 9g w grays , a , nd , white ' pair ' r ; 5 f °°
K ticn, conunbg all the new and original white and black and rOVal Ladies* pure wool fast black or natural Cashmere j 0^- BlacIt a i argc ra riety of the very latest Tuesday, only ... »#W»W Women S 2-ClaSpSUper-quaIlty fast
I andwhite,inpr e ttydotted g£^lfg|^g I«iiSlfeSJio» b ' a ' k . Si . lk . Taffet f 8 '°. V ! S :i&
I r: r .""f D r°?.- CT^ and spotted effects, Mon- :Wg||f«!i |pS^^^Sp^ : JM.*-*^
5- — — — i^ _^ — — — day and Tuesdav mdmm weight Maco Cotton Hose » im - s^s 5 to 9/^, pair 25o bindings, per pair . V* ***** Next 1 et on onoes
k - afalif^ STm^BtrtSotirB \ A bSSG Hermsdorff Black, either all black, un- Children's Cashmere wool Hose— 1x1 ribbed, Good Comforters- Fu'l double bed r«, silk- $SmQQ StvfCS S3mS5
* %pnJ?m%J*Jf tr MjaiBMBBlg Only, yara ....... bleached sole or entire unbleached foot, pair, fashioned heel, French toe, double " knee, dine covering, with neat center piece tnd col- Mondav and dnrin»WM*r choirs of «nv
I Go-Carts $3^ ...,.......: ... gB o .¦*.>**,* **.**-.. -wag- 2££g*+»; $1.50 P*i*.E.N&*«:..ste.b«;
I y=. These. hand- B Sp f cl ?' s J l ± of Infants' Wear Bargain *&'Z!!£ZZ.ZJ?£ti£L &fT.teSS
*; ff If SOme foldjng 5 O ClOCK Teas, jm f*^--* — !!—*^ a niim^44^ &Hffl ftfB fisurcd Sa . t( ; ens ? n^ u <S-5 fSO Tan Calf, eirhcr lace or oxford tics,
£• ferWl Go-CartSare Minknt fnm*** "* GOmpIete .LayettG~&*UmUU ride^^cuUypnced^ch^^OMOU with either heavy or light weight,
£ light weight, V~l nZ An Infant's complete wardrobe, containing all the necessities and a few G ° 0^", r C V° IeS ' sh ° C3 ° CVCr
* *£1J^ have rattan anti Tea POtS . of the luxuries, well made of good materials, for ..... $W.OO heaviest quality, each .. &].<$& soldregalarylessthan^j^ q —
t WiWMh Seat arm 51-25 Brass 5 o'clock Tcas-io inches Here 1S the hst : : . 1 ' J."' 9 P - ' * ,
U /f^mWltV^ ' ,\ I,' V .1, , J«,J -u 1- 2 Shirts. 2 Hannelette Skirts. a Pairs Bootees. Gl*nCf»rlf*<Z -- LlffMUnfS MlSSCS" aittl Children's
I (SPrM W rests » myrtle h] e h ' thc 8Und fittcd Wlth asbcstos %,*«*. * cambric skirt.. 1 sack. - **roceries-- Liquors Shoes _ Sa i tabIe for drcss or lchool .
J. . W l^^*^ enameled packed alcohol lamp, handy for heat- 7 Slips, v a Pinning Blankets. i SW 10 extra Specials for fine Vici Kid, Uce style, new, ap-
J! steel gear and spring, rubber-tired ing water for ; tea, toddy or tonsorial . . ..• 3 ' *' o * - "" elc " c Gow ™- [j } " e V Monday nnd Tuesday ~ to-date toes, either extension or Bghc
t; wheels, Monday and Tuesday, purposes. Monday , and J+ Q > ™***^« LonJ Dresses- Soft -finished cambric, round . yote.0^ feather and' |JiI^:-f |i^. weight soles, spring heels- '
i while quantity las^ gQ T H e,day . . . . . .. ff»O hemstitching trimmed with fine edging.. 51^5 Cholce b^,^^^ J^ SizesS^to.i $1.25
* mp*9m%*%* . Inlanls* Long Skirls— Soft muslin. wide v hem i and cluster, of 5 tucks, 59c r pound. . ... . . . ..... . ..26c Sizes ii^to,z $1.50
a- A fine reclining Go-Cart with adjust- Nickel Plated Tea and CoHcc Pols— Babies'^ Short Dresses— Soft finished cambric, with tucked and embroid- Very Best Coffee— Java and Mocha, n> . 29o M . , A C v n
J aVc back and scroll front, steel;: fin- Choice of. 3 sizes, 3, 4 or 5 pints, - ered square yoke, fmished with dainty hemstitched ruffle • $1.39 Pearllne Washing Powder- Pound packages, M" 8 "™ 0 n "' B^,., J
x ished gear, patent dust proof hubs regularly 65c, 75c ™*jv-*^ Abies' Short Skirts-Fine quality soft cambric, with deep ruffle, double ¦ 3 packa f • • • • • 25o dren s Box Caif, W0,l\
I and foot braVes . . ;. \; $Sh75 , 85c, Monday and Tuesday *r# tr clusters 'oftucks and edged with, lace ..'.... / . . . $1.25 Strykers Sand Soap- 15 bars ... .50o Lace Shoes—. 'fSM
•>*-. i# n j«j ai *. . \xr;»u i-or. xv 1 i 1 » j e u j W >.t i ¦. - • - ¦ - ¦¦ •-¦-•.. ,.¦ . ¦• - ~^ Hock White Wine— Choice Dinner Wine, gal- Good, solid f&ffitiw&'A
%' Prctly Reed Body Go-Cart — Wlth tap- Nickel plated Salt and Pepper Shakers, , _ ¦ ¦ ¦ w - • £% n i. I -1 **m$/M
ft; estiy cushion, rufflrd sateen parasol, pair .' ; ..... . . 25n C^k 'i^ T m &f X $A>a 4*C* i^L' V * " i ' r * " -^ t) ' ' \r f make that wnl M^&2
fc ,, , , , , ,, , . * K «ft 4? tVrA iflJVf IT.^ Sweet wines — Angelica, Tokay or Muscar, ,, nr % jt2L£**?S£&
V justed to any angle, complete for • * •" • • • • • .• • - 25O |L<«fl B 1 I i'l I 4 4"*^ J? '4^ l^<t' Cutter Al Whiskey— Bottl: . . . . . 76o hc
$ $8m5O Aluminum House Number,-, 3 inch Ef % IL Si 1 1 1 I I ' H I T0£* X -r^S Cabernet Claret- 8 year old wine, very rich Sizes 8^ to i\*$1.25
JI Hood Top Carriages $6^0 (0 $35. ««e; each ......" . . fQo \ ML HhjW'^^'JL -.ILaL-JL^tL^^ iH^m^ \' " ;^Py^T^ ' J»nd fruity, galon.;. . ;. : . . . . 82c Sizes n>^ to 2 $1.5O
w ** . ' . - 1 i iiitiimiU'iBMl K^JHumWi'iMrr* 1 'i 1 11 'i 1 11 1 ... ..,- . . .. - . r . . . , . mamtima-ujB^amaaamauaHGBBmmmMmtmMMLm&mmmHmmmamaThe Tile Setters' Helpers' Union, ap
pealed to the Mayor yesterday. to Inter
vena and arbitrate Its differences with
their employers. _ The union Is endeavor-'
ing to secure a raise, of 50 cents a day in
waxes for. its members.
Appeal to Mayor.
"• C. A. Devol, , major and quartermaster,
U. S. A., has petitioned the Supervisors
to grade Lyon street from Pacific avenue
to Green street.- The Federal Govern
ment intends -to build a > wall along the
easterly ¦ side of the Presidio reservation,
with "a permanent gateway on Washing
ton street. ' •¦ '.
Wants Ly on Street Graded.
Mayor Schmitz yesterday vetoed the au
thorization of the Supervisors for the
payment of $517 for two horses purchased
for the Almshouse by the Health Board.
His Honor thinks that $253 50 for on©
horse Is too much in view of the fact that
the Fire Department secures fine animals
for $200 and the Police Department pays
as low as $100 apiece for horses.
Thinks Horses Cost Too Much.
The suit of Mrs. Emma Stlerlln to an
nul the marriage of her former husband,
George Stierlin; to Mrs. Emma Stierlin
on the eround that he was not legally
divorced from her was denied by Judge
Sloss yesterday. Mrs. Stierlin has been
in the courts with' various suits against
her former husband for almost ten years.
Suits for divorce were filed by Hed wig
Schutz against Alberts Schutz for cruelty
and Gertrude Kohn against V. J. Kohn
for desertion.
In the Divorce Court.
During the year 17 teachers resigned, a
were retired and 5 died, and 18 new teach
ers were elected in the department. The
city enrollment was £2,906 and the average
daily attendance 36,965. The total num
ber of certificates held by teachers is
720. •
.High schools number 4, grammar
schools 24, primary schools 47, evening
schools 7; total 82. -The total' number of
buildings used by the department was 118,
an increase of 17 over last year. The
number of teachers in the department is
1045, of which 112 are men and 933 women.
The fiftieth annual report of the Super
intendent of Public Schools, for the year
1902-1903, was . completed yesterday by
Superintendent Langdon. It shows that
there are 111,190 children under 17 years
of age in the city and the number of
school census children* upon which the
apportionment of the State school funds
is made, 91,386. against 82,391 for last year.
The total estimated value of school sites,
buildings, furniture, libraries and appar
atus is $6,493,148.
Document Gives Interesting Data Re
garding Affairs in Depart
ment for One Year.
SCHOOL SUPEBINTENDENT
FILES ANNUAL REPORT
SAN JOSE, Aug. 15.— The contest of the
trust clause in the will of the late James
Campbell, the Hawaiian millionaire, was
commenced to-day. Notice of an appeal
from the decree of final distribution of
the estate 4 in this county to the trustees
was filed by Attorney H. L. Gear of San
Francisco. Abbie Campbell-Kawanana
koa, the eldest daughter, who is now the
wife of Prince David of Hawaii, has join
ed with the two minor children, Muriel
and Mary Campbell, to represent whom
Gear' was appointed guardian ad lltem
yesterday t ln the action to break the old
millionaire's will.
The paper filed to-day does not set forth
anything further than that an appeal will
be taken from the final decree of distri
bution ordered February 20, 1902, and en
tered February 25, 1902.
A day for hearing the matter will be
set next week.
It is said that Mrs. Campbell and her
Give Notice of Appeal From Decree
of Final Distribution to the •
Trustees.
CHILDBEN ATTACK TBUST
CLAUSE OF FATHEB'S WILL
row. When he entered the jail It was
noticed that he was singularly morose.
He seldom conversed with his companions
and his answers were always curt and
given in monosyllables. This attracted
attention for a time, but when the of
ficials learned that domestic difficulties as
well as incarceration weighed upon their
ward's mind the matter was passed as
crdinary and given little attention.
Edwards wanted to work. He so ex
pressed himself when he was brought
BROODING over separation from
his wife, Harry Edwards, a pris
oner at the Branch County Jail,
became insane yesterday after
noon. Violence of an extreme or
6< r attended his loss of mental power, and
when he had been subdued three fellow
prisoners lay insensible from the blows of
a ten-pound sledge hammer, and a guard
was painfully hurt. One of the injured
prisoners may die.
Edwards was serving a term of three
months for disturbing the peace. He was
? o have been granted his freedom to-mor-
Yesterday, as usual, the prisoners were
marched to the quarry. Guard John Wen
del watched them as they worked, while
The prisoner continued to break rock,
and each morning went with a score of
others to the quarry ln the rear of the
jail set apart for women. He did his work
faithfully and well and was regarded as
an orderly prisoner. He obeyed any In
struction given and never made any com
plaint. In the face of his excellent be
havior his eccentricities were forgotten.
It is a common thing for convicts to lose
heart and interest in life and to lapse into
a silent disregard for companionship.
manacled to the Jail. Captain L. Satorius
assigned him to the quarry, where rock is
broken for county roads, and he seemed
to find solace in his labor. For a time he
cheered up. but one month ago, when the
news that his wife had secured a divorce
from him leaked through the prison walls,
he relapsed into his old condition of mel
ancholy and avoided the society of other
men as much as possible, content to toil
alone and 6ulk when addressed.
FELLS THEEE MEN.
CINCINNATI, Auk. 15.— Fire, starting In a
shed ln which stock drovers slept, destroyed
annex B of the Union Stockyards early to
day, causing a loss of 5(50,000.
LONDON, Aug. 15.— Great Interest is Uken
In Liverpool shirrir.tr circles in the formal
notification made by the White Star Steamship
Company to-day of a prospective alteration in
the working of the Mediterranean trade with
Boston, with the object of replacing the pres
ent Dominion line service by White Star line
boats.
SANTA CRlZ, Aug. 13.— F. A. Hihn cel
ebrated the seventy-fourth armlversary of
his birthday to-day by a grand reunion
of friends at a dinner at Hotel Capitola.
Among the guests were Governor Wells
of Utah.
Celebrates Birthday Anniversary.
VICTORIA, B. C, Aug. 13.— Mail advices
from Tokio say:
The troubles between the Korean au
thorities and the Japanese Railway Com-'
pany, which is attributed to secret Rus
sian action at Seoul, are approaching a
climax. At the same time the Seoul elec
tric railway, a United States concern, is
having trouble. The line has been ob
jected to by Koreans and scarcely any
passengers are- traveling. The United
States Minister has claimed damages at
the rate of $100 a day from the Korean
Government in consequence.
States Minister Demands Dam
ages of Government.
KOREANS STOP TRAVEL
ON THE SEOUL BAILWAY
Being an American Company, United
C. T. Bird, attorney of the Campbell
estate in this city, has been in the Ha
waiian Islands for some months arrang
ing matters .in the interest of the con
testants. Action will be commenced ln
the court there to break the trust affect
ing the Hawaiian property.
children have been figuring on the ac
tion for the past two years. In order
not to cloud the title to the St. James
Hotel property in this city the contest
was postponed until the executors had
sold the property and. turned the money
over to the trustees. • This property net
ted more than $182,000, and the contest of
the trust is waged over the distribution
of the money to the trustees.
skull was not injured and he will soon re
cover.
: Edwards was removed to the insane
i ward at the City Receiving. Hospital. He
; was in an extremely excited condition
i and could give no rational account of the
* affair. When asked why he committed
the act he said that something told him
to go ahead and that he had no control of
himself. At the hospital he was placed in
the straitjacket and will be brought be
fore the Insanity Commissioners. Late in
the evening his condition became worse
and he lay dazed and semi-conscious, for
getful of past life and of the tragic
events of the day.
I without a murmur. Captain Satorius says
' that after Edwards had been carried into
; the Jail many of the prisoners begged to
! be permitted to remain and assist the
guards in the event of another outbreak
on the part of the madman.
I Dr. Hopper, Assistarit City Physician.
j was immediately telephoned for and ar
i rived in a short time. He pronounced Mc-
Quadc, who is serving three months for
j vagrancy,- to be in a serious condition,
! and last night the patient was removed to
i the City and County. Hospital. McQuade's
j skull is possibly fractured and he has
1 concussion of the brain. Walsh was
stunned, but the physician says that his
injuries are not serious. A deep gash was
cut In the side of Martin's head, but hl3
INSANE PRISONER WHO RAN AMUCK YESTERDAY AT THE
BRANCH COUNTY JAIL, FATALLY INJURING ONE FELLOW PRIS
ONER, SERIOUSLY INJURING TWO OTHERS AND A GUARD.
PKISONEBS BEHAVE WEXL.
All were then marched back to their
cells, and they went like soldiers and
The other prisoners, twelve ln number,
had awakened by this time to a realiza
tion of what was happening. They be
haved well. Instead of taking advantage
of the predicament of their keepers, they
joined in the fray and assisted in bringing
the insane man to earth and binding him
with rooes.
John Martin, another prisoner, was the
third victim. He stumbled and pitched
forward under a well delivered blow and
lay with his companions Insensible.
Guard Wendel by this time had reached
the madman. He rushed at him and Ed
wards turned upon him with the fury of
a wild beast and ewung the sledge at his
head. Wendel dodged and the handle of
the implemnt hit him on the arm. The
force was so great as to snap the oaken
handle, and the insane man beat the air
with the splintered wood, aiming a blow
at whoever come near him.
Wendel, whose right arm had been dis
abled by the blow, foupht as best ! he
couid. He had a rifle, but could not use
it. Neither could he draw his revolver.
Guard Koning drove up just at this stage
of the proceedings. He Jumped from the
seat of the wagon and took a hand in the
affair. Not wishing to kill the maniac, he
fired a shot in the air to frighten him,
then passed his pistol to Wendel, who
tired four more.
Guard Max Konlng rode on a wagon that
hauled the broken material away. All
went well until 3 o'clock in the after
noon, when Edwards' morose condition
became more marked and 1 he hammered
the heavy stones with renewed vigor.
Suddenly the prisoner turned, with the
ten-pound hammer poised in midair. "I
can't help it!" he exclaimed.' "I am
crazy." Then he swung the iron imple
ment, striking Prisoner i-ike
who was nearest to him, on the right side
of the head. Again he raised the sledge
and dealt a blow to Tom Walsh, another
prisoner, hitting him in the same place
and felling him to the ground. All the
time the maniac was exclaiming- that he
could not avoid what he was doing; that
he was crazy and an impulse drove him
on ln his deadly work.
STBIKES AT GUABD.
BENICIA. Aug. IB.— W. H. Johnston, a
district lineman employed by the Sunset
Telephone Company, met with a tragic
death this afternoon by coming in con
tact with an electric light wire. John
ston had been kept exceptionally busy
making repairs eince the linemen went
out on a strike, and it was while so en
gaged this afternoon that he met his
death.
Johnston left for Port Costa about 11
o'clock to make some slight repairs, and
was expected to be gone but a short
while. His wife, who is manager of the
telephone office at this point, became
alarmed at his absence this afternoon and
sent a party ln search .of him. The
searchers found him dead half-way be
tween Port Costa* and Crockett at the
foot of one of the poles of the Bay Coun
ties Power Company, from which he had
fallen. The telephone wires are strung on
the same poles. His body was badly
burned and evidently he met instant
death when he came ln contact with the
death-dealing current of the light wlre3.
Johnston had been ln the employ of the
Sunset Company for Beveral years and
was one of its most trusted and compe
tent men. He had resided here for five
years with his family and was highly re
spected. He leaves a wife and two chil
dren.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Body Is Found by Searchers
on Road From Crockett ;
to Port Oosta.
Touches Light Wire and
Receives Full Force
of Current.
ELECTRIC SHOCK
KILLS A LINEMAN
INSANE PRISONER ATTACKS,
COMPANIONS WITH SLEDGE
Harry Edwards, Crazed at Separation From Wife, Sud
denly Assaults Fellow Convicts and Guard, Injuring
One of Former, and Is Subdued After Desperate Battle
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, ; SUNDAY, AUGUST 16, 1903.
26
ADVERTISEMENTS. ,
QUICK RESULTS
FROM
CATARRH andNRHEUMATISM
i^(BS'PKK^BH!^^^S8 Another well-known resident of San Francisco adds his testi-
§Si£'£&?t~ :> '^ j rnony. Mr. Nordberg is a rope splicer for the United Railroads,
h^%it'^^-^ vC '!^ working on the Sutter street line. He says: '"For many years I
have had catarrh. My whole system was poisoned by it and my
|fe$fe*>*i / %\ *< "- blood became very bad. Several years ago the catarrh became
FS*^&S^3^fc : S n complicated with rheumatism. In spite , of all T could do, and in
&MP\?f;^ s P ite of the efforts of » ood doctors and plenty of medicines, my
|w4f'^ v * I ~* -^H?^S rheumatism and catarrh kept on growing worse and worse. I felt
iiiff^fe y y fM iM the greatest effects of the rheumatism in my legs. My knees
!|Ptitii££^^ ' ' PS^Sifl became so^weak I could hardly do my work. They were 'nervous
:^^^^K^ ! *w& and shaky, and sometimes it was hard for me to 'walk. In this
W$^$$M^^&^M 6 ' ' ' condition I took up the Electro-Chemic treatment on July 23d.
' ' ¦ The . ver y fir^ treatm ent helped me wonderfully, and in .about
l : ;:;|i|i^^^ifffi^^]!aSP three weeks' time- my catarrh is cured and all my rheumatic
pains are gone. The nervousness and weakness in my knees are
|Ora|MHBHBW|^ -' ¦* JililroB! almost well, and I can do my work without any inconven-
$ l^fBjilffiHP^^^/^mBffli ence - e won derful part of it all is the short time it has required
iHMiJHl^SBj^^Tljpvi^^^^^ to effect such marvelous results and the small expenseof the treat-
' |(gM% f^^^^ ment. I spent more for patent medicines in a short time than my
mr. e. nordberg. Electro-Chemic treatment has cost me."
(Signed) E. NORDBERG, 600 Murray St., West Berkeley, mooms »t 1533 piae «t.. san Franc^o.) '
CONSIJLTATION and CT O IT IT
X-RAY EXAMINATION F ilELC-
If 70a are slci. If your family doctor and medicines cannot euro yon, come at one* and investigate Electro-
chemistry. Consultation and an Electro-Chemic X-Itay Examination for the present are free to every one, so no matter
M what your trouble may be, if you are not getting: well come to us at once.
. * If you have catarrh, don't wait until it runs into consumption. If you have consumption, dont wait for it to ret
worse. Consumption is cured by : Electro-chemistry even when -far advanced, but the farther advanced the harder it
is to cure, so delays ia any case are dangerous.
SPECIALTIES-— CONSUMPTION, CATARRH, ASTHMA BRONCHITIS
DEAFNESS, HEAD AND EAR NOISES, RUNNING EARS, CANCERS, TUMORS
OLD SORES, RHEUMATISM, PARALYSIS, LOCOMOTOR ATAXIA, PILES, FIST-
ULA, DISEASES OF THE STOMACH/LIVER, KIDNEYS and BOWELS, HEART
DISEASE, PALPITATION, BLOOD, SKIN and NERVOUS DISEASES, SPECIAL
/DISEASES of MEN and WOMEN and all CHRONIC DISEASES.
HOME TREATMENT. Flpptrn Chomif* Invtitnip
Patients living at a distance should try to come O-KJllGIUlL lIlSlIllllv,
to our office for one personal examination. In most- H8 GRANT AVE.. Cor. Post St.,
cases we" can furnish a successful home treatment : 9A?r fraxcisco.
and the patient- can return home the same day.- ai^PjJ a^m'to 1' m ' tO - * P * "^ and 7 to 8 p * "•* daI1 y- 8ua '
'free pf^ha^ge,an^^^e^!ectrox; separa^B -°apartment8 FOR LADIES AND
Chemic apparatus for home treatments _., 1 . CEiNTLEMEN
ADVEET1SEMENTS.
E . . - *' 3
E /nrash If you are a' sufferer from Dyspepsia you 3
IE JlillJ should try a few doses of Hostetter's Stomach 3
j| iiMd Biiters and notice the improvement in your 3
E -^^\^ condition. Your appetite will return, your food 3
g will taste better and you will not be bothered
I iifSiSiir again with HEARTBURN, BELCHING, |
E MmivvWif; FLATULENCY, INDIGESTION, CON= B
%m "SS l STIPATED BOWELS, INACTIVE 1
I M LIVER or WEAK KIDNEYS, because |
I IWift HOSTETTER'S |
ll^^H Stomach Bitters |
% j^^^^^^ positively cures such complaints. Hundreds
|= °^ P ers °ns who were dyspeptic for years now i,
£ iMS^^^^ en^ 0^ ro ' DUst healt h as a result °^ taking the %
g B^astiS3» Rittpk It will do as much for you, too. %
I '^Mra—^ TRY A BOTTLE and see for yourself. j
|i , Brooklyn, N. Y. |' 8 Brooklyn, N.' Y. | 3
§ Gentlemen: — I can personally rec- § . g. . Gentlemen: — I have used your. Bit- | 2
£ § ommend your Bitters as being very | » ters for indigestion and liver troubles | 3
gf § beneficial for stomach trouble; also for «, § and found it very beneficial. I highly -3
J|f g restoring the appetite. « « recommend it. : - § '¦ 3
Eg R- J. WALU. § |. W. T. FIEKETT. I 3
S WOMEN IN NEED OF A TONIC WILL FIND THE BITTERS VERY BENEFICIAL
1 \' ADVERTISEMENTS. ' ' •
&>¦& '<T' """? From Bul1 Run t0 Appomattox men fought for ji^®^^^b'€!^
jf^ liberty, for patriotism and for the preservation of ftv&l^
£w$M the Union. Liberty meant freedom in the home; ' vLffySS J&- --^^^»W
*«yZwMM™^ J^Wk patriotism meant the love- of home, and the pres- FfcH/S^T ? Fn
\ft^ ervation of the Union meant the preservation of J|7\OL| mfii J^
* A - the home. And, strange as it may seem, aside t/WifiSSf '
IT* from family ties, home simply means so much LLJl llH tf I
'~^^^T furniture in the rooms where a husband's and a P^SsiL 'sss^U
ju .-J*^!!^ 8 j 5 '^*. '.^!_^]^a£.ff' wife's heart are centered. From Bull Run to '._„ *T«l»i-.
Appomattox men fought <for a bedroom set Iri1 " ' ™" '
IN GOLDEN OAK. ' and a fireside chair; so choose your furniture IN GOLDEN OAK. \
Rockcr ' ; 'WHAT vmi HAVF TlWi'wANTFn ' Hlllo 5 "'' exccption - \
Om]|O . carved v WHAl YUU nAVt LUWu WANIM! H||Ijh! |aiiy high-backed
JLllll I-IL^^ 11 " 'AT HALF WHAT YOU EXPECTED TO PAY. Olli dincr ' made of
seat ' in Sideboard in solid oak, with ser- _^ 2^M "lid oak. finish-
YBk^ 6^ 8^™ mil Kolden - pentine front, and hand-pohshed till AlE^gS^HUUlffife^-rr^ J*S533ss*aJL cd in golden oak,
TO \JJ9JM it shines like a mirror. The uprights • W^g5feS^^^SJ <*&%S$**/>
yf^^^^^fcf oak or are carved, and places are arranged Pfp^^SS^T^ selling this wcek
"raN^s^O^eE^^ mahoean- for pretty dinnerware and table adorn- 1 *^^^^^ [^ -^T^ r
™TTn mahogan-, m ents. You should not miss seeing l fafpm^^^^i>^W EUl^d M
ifflLj&J^ B ized birch, this > in any event. &4£.-&f\. '^M? W^M^^W^Hi^iW FlI \
fr^fcl $200 F ¦ •"¦"•¦¦¦•¦¦¦•^ 16>5Q ly -^fj, J % i $1.50
— j — FM nAy . I IN JJlvAPEivlEj. /lil^^Sill •
if^ tiULl^E^ U/UV. ThQse Corded Arabian Curtains, k^fX^^m^^^^^ t>t rrvt npM r\kV
"IllHl^^ fect with inserted border. The very - | j I This easy,
P^to^v.^. 53^. 3 $1.80 iji^^^^^i N i&gil noiscless
/& I X Xt^i Pure White" Lace Curtains, in soft 5 !' a'^^^^i Rocker, in
Wi 1 ¦ ' W • Brussels and Battenberg and Louis f\\ Ip&gg&b^, iC^uLpj^i j p (!&ft ft golden oak
• 'm ¦¦ >' C • XIV effects. A big reduction on new \\ Kg.. %%0& W^ t- A l^Sl ii t.
H A S goods. Cut from $375 a C1QA % |i f{ 'SgM-? : £ vS&M ormahog-
ti I — M_ \ pair tO ¦"¦ *P** 7y ij t^lSfe^'q VZ&P^*}] 'I S¥^yf\ \zi*§ff anized
¦i««r*a«^^J pjCbv r White Lace, same as above, 2V2 * i I WftTi t\M/i/ii/ K;^,-fi «,,» )
PSSN t-^^M yards by 50 inches, but closer net and ? ll^^^^m^^tp 7 Wkt \ \V/ga| birch, quar-
//^^»s^ finer -fabric. Cut from £*¦> $[- "^^^ J |W % '"^BbSi tered.hol-
tj j \Lr \ $4.00 and $4.25 to •PZ.^J v lowed
[jL. ~~~~ " COM3FORTEDS. " . T^l^fff ""''
Parlor Table, bcautifuly polished, Extra quality of silkolines, beautiful designs, filled with ster- f\f\ Jbs^*^ ll Jw \
S^S'ggg $1.45 CO T\.^!!°^': SO^:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::.^ C
a O 11 Miii ,m ' ¦' o 0
-j. -^ >»w »4^^^^^^^^^fiS5^»^r /v H3.VC vou ever seen
' • H VOU SL re 111 lHw fi v(mS \yi w^^j-A j^ Vmt I v P\ \ f**^ ¦ * ¦ r> t
your trip by buying the w » «^^ w/^^•^^^/v » %^^^'^ w VIA'^ different kinds in that
furniture you need at "THE CREDIT HOUSE " one room than ln any
4 . . i ««„„..„?• *»**-« vivui/11 nvvwu, two other salesrooms in
jthepneeswecanquote.^ .^ p()sr ST REET. jOn motion of Mr. Hansen of the Cali
fornia'Wine Association the thanks of
the wine men were voted to Dr. Wiley,
•the chief chemist of the Department of
Agriculture, for his efforts in behalf of
American p'ure wine makers.
Charles Bundschu read a telegram and
spoke favoring aid to the California Com-,
missioners to the St. Louis exposition in
the making of a California wine exhibit.
i A- State conventlop will be called after
Charles Bundschu of San Francisco and
W. B. Kankln of Los Gatos.
Sheriif Lackman.n was sued for $2000
damages for trespass by Anna Peterson
yesterday. She claims she was Illegally
Interfered with by Lackmann while sha
was conducting a lodgins-house at 322
Ellis street, and thereby suffered the loss
of her tenants.
Charges Sheriff "With Trespass.
the several Congressional districts shall
have appointed delegates.
Congressman Wynn sooke briefly and
promised his support of such pure wine
bill as should be agreed upon and pre
sented to Consresg. _
State Senator Taroey introduced reso
lutions, to arrange for a permanent, or
ganization of the, wine manufacturers and
wine vineyardists. ' The resolutions pro
vided for meetings to be held In the sev
eral Congressional' districts of California
for the appointment of delegates to a
State convention, and also \ authorized the
chairman of the present convention to ap
point three delegates to the State con
vention to ' be"'' held.'--. Tarpey spoke .at
some length. His resolutions were adopted.
¦ Messrs. Silvia of Healdsburg, Charles
Bundschu of San Francisco. W.M. Bun
ker "of the San' Francisco Chamber, of
Commerce and State Senator Corlett
spoke in 'favor of a pure; wine law.
Charles Bundschu moved that a com
mittee be appointed? to assist the Con
gressional delegation in framing a bill to
present : to Congress. This was adopted,
and the committee : wag made to consist
of J.' L#; ' Berineer. : C. L.. Larue, Theo
Gier, Percy, T.' Morgan of San Francisco,
WYNN PROMISES SUPPORT.
The wine men, he said, Invited warfare.
They wanted war, but In the open, and
not in the. brush and under cover. One
half of 1 per cent a gallon on the pure
wine would raise $100,000 per annum in
California. He would suggest placing a
tax of $1 ner gallon on impure wine.
Winemakers should be required to brand
thejr pure wines and their impure wines.
Not much money would be expended In
branding impure wines. .Inspectors should
have the right to enter Into the wineries
and investigate concerning the use of
acids. and other agencies In the creation
of impure wines. He suggested the ap
pointment of a committee to help the
Congressmen of this State* to frame a
pure wine bill.
had pledged himself to do what Is pos
sible for the pure wine industry. If there
was any one present who was not in
favor of a pure Wine law the time was
opportune for him to say so; if he would
not come out then and show himself such
opponent of the pro'posed law should for
ever after hold his peace.
irenerally so low that there is no inducement
to make wine with anything else but grapes
It is true that in some seasons and in some
locaUties where the grapes do not furnish the
roqulrea percentage of sugar It becomes neces
sarvto add pure cane sugar to bring the grapes
to the Proper standard In order to make good
wine but this Is not adulteration; it is simply
LJlstimc nature. It is done by all expert wine
makers In Europe, and. in fact. Is spectncal y
permitted by the United States Government in
the making; and fortifying ot sweet wines.
Th? wine-makers of this State are greatly
Indebted to Dr. Wiley, chief chemist at-Wash
ington for having had pas E ert at the last ses
sion Sf Congress a law protecting this country
from bogus wines imported from Europe.
WINE AND GRAPE MEN AGREE.
The wine and grape men were of one
way of thinking about the necessity of
having pure wine3 protected. Every prop
osition tending in that direction— and no
others were Introduced— went through
without opposition or debate.
A committee on resolutions, -consisting
of C. L. Larue- of Yountville. Charles
Bundschu of San Francisco, Theo Gier of
Oakland, A. Fernlof St. Helena, Otto
Schluer of Woodland and W. Hansen of
San Francisco, presented the following
resolutions, which were adopted without
debate:
Whereas, The manufacture and sale of im
pure wine In the' United' States has become
detrimental to the wine Interests of this coun
try: and . '
Whereas. Stringent legislation Is required to
prevent a continuance of such abuse; therefore,
be It t >
Resolved, That this convention, composed of
the wine-growers and wine-dealers of Califor
nia earnestly demand a Federal law that will
protect the legitimate wine Industry from im
position and . fraud; and wo respectfully re
quest our representatives in Congress to take
all proper means to secure the passage of such
measure. . . , ;
Congressman Bell made one of the lead
ing speeches -of the meeting. •' He said
that ereat ' Interest had been -manifested
in having pure California wines protected
by those who had" come , long distances
to'be present. 'Grape and wine men were
evidently "concerned In having an effec
tive ' pure wine law. He promised to do
all in his power : to safeguard the great
wine Industry of this State. ' He said that
he had recently had communications from
the members '. of ' the ; California Congres
sional delegation and each Congressman
The grape-growers and wine-makers of Cali
fornia are greatly Indebted to the gentlemen
who have organized 'this convention. The wine
Industry of California ia destined to become of
ouch vast Importance tha,t all efforts should
be made to protect and foster it." Unfortunate
ly, our Legislatures of the past several years
have paid little or no attention to/ this great
Industry, hkst year we asked for 'an appro
priation Of $10,000 in order that experimental
etationa should be established . throughout the
State. After a great deal of effort we finally
obtained the paltry «um of $3000 to be spent
by the agricultural bureau ¦ of the State Uni
versity, and I am sorry to say that even this
small sum is not being; all used for the purpose
for which it was appropriated. , v
We should have Congress* pass pure food
laws that will protect the pure wines of Cali
fornia. The price of (rapes In this State Is
After an organization had been effected
and the proceedings were fairly under
way an address was delivered by Andrea
SbarboiSp, In part as follows:
W. T. Broderick, Ban Francisco; E W
Churchill, Napa; H. Martin, Calistoffa- J R
Thairlwall, Calistoga; R. J. Padln, Sanger'- L.'
Bini. HealdsburK; A. Seneoni, Healdsburg' ("'
C. Doda, Calistoga; P. Doda, Calistoga* p'
Bini, Healdsburg; John Hein, Napa; H a'
Bchratn, Calistoga; J. L. Berlnger, St. Helena'
J. Grinn, Calistoga; George Ilg, St. Helena'
A. Dupalt. Sebastopol; John D. Bosch, Gey
eerville; W. Trumpler. St. Helena; C. and F
Haehl, Cloverdale; J. M. Colley, Cloverdale- R
Schmidt, Calistoga; Willis G. Witter, Berke
ley; W. Hanson, San Francisco; G. Schone
wald, St. Helena; H. H. Sherwood. San Fran
cisco; T. M. Gllmore, Louisville, Ky. ; Charles
S. Ash, San Francisco; L. A. Dwight, Univer
sity of California; S. H. Wente, Llvermore; E
S. Coghill, Napa; E. B. Johnson, Stockton; l!
Jockers. San Francisco; E. Stelger, Agua Cal
iente; E. L.. Justl. Glen Ellen; A. Komi St
Helena; J. D. Silvia, W. A. Hall, E. Trapet
A. F. Phillips, Healdsburg;, W. L. Home
Oakland; T. T. Glastie, A. Wagner, Vlneburg;
W. F. Bornhoest, Calistoga; Philip Couradi,
Bt. Helena; Theodore Gier, Oakland: L.. Kor
tum, Calistoga: J. L,. Christln, Xapa; Fell Sal
vina, Larkmead Station; W. J. Hune, Howell
Mountain ; A. Wllhelny, San Francisco; G. W.
Cutter, Callstoga; Charles Bundschu, San
Fracclsco; W. M. Bunker, San Francisco
Chamber of Commerce; J. H. Pare, Capelle;
C. L. La Rue, ¦ Yountville; J. J. Jacobl, San
FrancUco; William B. Hankln, Los Gatos; F
C Wyckoff, Woodland; Otto Schluer. Wood
land: A. H. Siegfried, San Francisco; Joseph
Mighavacca, Napa; W. S. Keyes, Angwlns; A.
ivptonl. St. Helena; Ed Angwin, Angwlns; G.
Biml, Healdsburg; A. Rossi. St. Helena; D. C.
Piper, Rutherford; J. B. Duvall, LIdell; A.
Miller, St. Helena: W. ,D. Sink, Cloverdale;
C. N. Plckett. Calistoga; A. Repsold, San
Francisco; H. Slevers, I»nltas; J. G. Johnson,
St. Helena; W. W. Lyman, St. Helena; E.
Light, Callstoga; A. Cassasa, Santa Rosa; D.
Casfasa, Santa Rosa; Bismarck Bruck, 8t.
Helena; W. S. Harrington, Rutherford; Henley
Davis, Napa; Albert Currlln, Oakland; W. F.
Nixon, Woodland: B. F. Kettlewell, W. A.
Macklnder. George W. Fee; F.-B. Mackinder,
St. Helena; C. A. Carroll, Callstogo; F. J.
Merriam, St. Helena.
PROTECTION OF PURE WINES.
REPRESENTATIVE MEN.
The meeting was called to order by J.
L. Beringer. Andrea Sbarboro of the Asti
colony was elected chairman and Bis
marck Bruck of St. Helena was made the
secretary of the meeting. Congressmen
Bell and Wynn and State Senators Corlett
and Tarpy were present. The assemblage
also Included the following:
ST. HELENA, Aug. 15.— Representative
winemakers and wine .vineyardists of Cal
ifornia met in this city to-day, declared
themselves unanimously in favor of the
Introduce tion into Congress at its next ses
sion of a bill to protect the manufacturers
of pure wines, took preliminary steps for
the organization of a permanent State
body of winemakers and wine vineyard
ists, listened to a statement of the -views
of Congressman Bell concerning the
proper way to prevent the manufacture
of spurious and adulterated wines and
adopted resolutions.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Will Appeal to Congress
for Protection Prom
Adulteration.
Surgeon Ordered to Report Every
Wednesday Nigli't to Examine
Men for Enlistment.
Th« following changes and promotions
have taken place In the First Infantry,
N.tior.al Guard of California:
Captain Frank K. Moore, First Lieuten
ant John J. O'Keefe and Second Lieuten
i.j.t Louis Graham, who have been acting
sp regimental examining board, have
been relieved and the following ee-
Iccted to act as euch board: Captain
Gtorge Ballinger, First Lieutenant Her
man G. Stindt and Second Lieutenant
Harry H. Varney.
Major Thomas J. McCreagh has been
relieved as summary court officer and Ma
jor George Filmer appointed In his stead,
to terve until the close of the current
year.
Musician Stephen I. Nickels, Company
K. has been returned to the ranks and
Private William MeCormack detailed in
fcls etead. Quartermaster Sergeant
Ernest Ewlg, same company, has been
relieved and returned to duty as ser
geant and Sergeant George Paulson ap
pointed quartermaster 6ergeant.
Sergeant Alexander Meyers, Company
F. has been reduced to the ranks for
neglect of ' duty. The company com-
CIIAXGES AND PROMOTIONS
IN THE FIRST INFANTRY
On recommendation of the regimental
examining board the following promotions
have been made: Corporal James F. Gill,
Company D. to be sergeant, 80 per cent;
Private Martin C. Boyle, to be corporal,
Company D, ISO per cent; Private George
Paulson, to be sergeant, Company E, 75
per cent, and Corporal Vernon R. Branch,
Company F, to be sergeant, 85 per cent.
In view of the fact that there 13* re
newed activity in the regiment and that
there are a number of applications for
enlistment each week, the regimental sur
'geon has been ordered to detail one of
the surgeons to report at the armory
every Wednesday night to examine men
for enlistment.
The field, staff, non-commissioned staff,
band and Sanitary Corps will visit Shell
Mound Park on August 30 to complete the
annual State shoot.
• Forty-one men have been discharged
from the service of the State and regi
ment since August 5, four each from Com
panies A, B and E; five from D; six each
from F and G. and twelve from H. Of
these sixteen were discharged for the good
of the 6ervice, fifteen on account of re
moval, six at the expiration or term of
enlistment, three by a two-thirds vote of
the company and one on enlistment in the
United States army.
Dr. A. H. Heppner 1 has been appointed
assistant surgeon of the Naval Militia,
and as soon as he shall have passed a
satisfactory examination before the ex
amining board he will be assigned to duty
on board the Marion.
mander has given notice that neglect will
in f ach instance be followed by a suitable
penalty.
GRAPE AMD WINE
MEN ARE AROUSED
BELGRADE, Aug. 15.— Colonel Solefo
vlcs has been appointed War Minister;
Professor Neorisavaleivlcs. Finance Min
ister; Professor Ruzselt, Minister of Pub
lic Instruction, and Michaelo Govanovlcs,
Minister of Justice, in the* place of the
holders of those portfolios, who resigned
August 12 because, it was stated, they re
fused to -consider the military credits un
less all the state officials who enjoyed the
late King' Alexander's confidence were
dismissed.
The conspirators still have tjie letter
and are using It to Intimidate the King
into complete subserviency to their
wishes.
with the leaders of 'the recent
conspiracy," explaining why King Peter
is completely In their hands and does not
dare to do the slightest governmental act
without their approval. The writer affirms
that the new King was cognizant of the
conspiracy long before the regicide was
perpetrated, and gave the conspirators a
written pledge not to punish tfiem if he
himself was elected King.
¦p^. ERLIN, Aug. 15.— The Rhine.
.J) Westphalia Gazette prints a let
)\ ter from a person in Belgrade
'» *r" who is "In confidential relations
Subserviency.
4v v
Use It to Intimidate
Peter Into Complete
MONARCH WHO IS FORCED
TO SUBMIT TO COURT'S DIC
TATION.
CONSPIRATORS
HOLD LETTER
OF THE KING
THE SA2ST FRANCISCO ¦ CALL, SUNDAY; AUGUST 16, 1903.
27
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
O * m m m I EM BkOL m mm w &
S 813-820 MARKET STREET. |
g| ; ; r a
X We Give You BIG VALUES for LITTLE MONEY §
p This is another one of Every lady wears a veil g
:: °y r big cuts -over J dozen of some kind, but every lady |
V different styles of Ribbons, doesn't know where to g
K sold always at 1-3 below buy them at prices we §
o the price of others, now cut have advertised. Be 8
to Vz their regular value. convinced by our prices that g
¥ f^^jf^ssd^ssi s^sss Y e arc Ae chea P es * nd 1
0 juL"- SfSiS S$S!S&5£di the ri ? ht P lace to find a bi^ I
p fancy work; will wash well. Reg. Varietv
g Bc.valueat lOeyd. va4l^/» g
& At ir,c yd.-2'Soo yds. all silk ribbon. At *•"»<• yd— All silk veiling, in Tux- 8
§v in Dresden and taiTeta. 3 In. wide; edo - mesh, Brussels net; plain. <3
pretty desipns. colorings; this rib- fancy and dotted; all the latest <X
bon is woven, not printed. Reg. styles and patterns; worth 40c yd. ty
value €5c yd.; on sale at... 15c yd- $
V * At 9c yd.— Maline, extra fine qual- y
X At 1 7e yd.— 2(KK) yds. pure silk, satin ity, all colors. Reg. price 15c yd. . Q
V and taffota ribbon, 4>4 In. wide; S
C* comes in all colore; pretty neck and Veils draped without charge. O
J? sash ribbon. : O
V Made Veils, in magpie or Jackdaw, O
v Any of these ribbons tied by our ex- also chiffons In plain and polka O
§ pert bow makers free of charge. dots. Reg. 40c; special 2oc «
1 LADIES' NECKWEAR " 1
£| We are closing out a sample line we bought at exceedingly low g
5 prices, and offer you the greatest values ever shown in this line. «
V '-* dz. Top Collars, embroidered in different colors 3c ea. g
p :i" dz. Pretty Lace Top Collars »>e ea. ?i
O 1" dz. Indies' Croats larse variety of patterns and colors .l()c ea. ft
£. :2 dz. Heautiful Stocks. Four in Hands, etc.; special lilt? ea. r»
£k Neck Puffs. Ladies'. MalinA or Illusion, all colors. Reg. price, 20c; spetial.. Q
V 112&C 8
If Toilet Sundries Soaps I
20 dz. Whisk Brooms, good husk. 10 different odors of highly' manufac- §
X mS^H^^L^tllV^ -~ *\ c tured Toilet Soaps. Regularly sold J?
C» mw Tooth Brushes. Reg. 25c stock; ... . , , , ,,!.„ w
V cut to 17e at 25c box; on special sale at.. l»c O
•O At llo-Good "bris tie" Nail" 'Brush. -3
A UTst&eSftf Hair Brushes, all bristle; A 2 ' lb - bar Gen » lne French Castile S
p always sold at 75c; on sale at.. 4«)c Soap; reg. Kic; on sale at 2.1c Q
§ i oriia t m\j£m?\ worth * l i'o vart " 6 large cakes of Tollet Soa P s : come jo
O Cut to;«)o-B e a{h a Bru«he s ;'l'o'drffer: in six different odors; on special 8
Q ent styles; always sold at 50c. sale at 2Ue for 6 cakes f.
O HBWB^ Ha^^ mM^ HHMairai^ Ha^ M^ WWHHW MnHHaiaaaHHlaiaHainiall^ Hal^ MHMMaMHnHK vx>
| Book Specials Ra^kpts §
V S&n Francisco and Thereabouts. UUJIWIO g
X * destriptive book of the City and Our new baskets have just ar- 8
•& S . t . a !f:.T. i . th ..! 1 . P ! 1OtOeraVeUrS ' no° t t « ved - No such variety ever «
j£ Note the prtceV * of the" foiiowing seen before on this coast.
j toi<> right fiction, published at Cold type would not do them
V '^^{^"theliaVf-Waviiouse.^VrOc ****£ An inspection solicited g
yi Black Wolfs Breed ntlc whether wishing to purchase ?>
X Janice Meredith and The Fowler.r»Oe or not. Pi
r' Tales of the Kx Tanks r»Ot« T ¦ W
X Omar the Tent Maker ."JOc I f*f I fl Si Q &
X Audrty an<l A Kings Pawn....t{.-»c ¦ ' U'"^*5 • O
v Th'eJ^inia^ 3 .::::::::::::::::?^ stui selling at , reduced prices g
O Mrs. WigKs of the Cabbage Immense variety; strong, well &
V Patch and Lovey Mary (same made and cheap. JQ
O iuthur T«»c O
0 Master Christian J>Sc ' QnorMnl Hammnnkc
O The Grey Cloak SI. OS opeCldl — nalililiOCKS
V The Main Chance 81. US 65c— f.-ft. Hammock cut to ...i...,1Oc Q
O ty\p Filipree Call SI. OS Jl.OO— 6-ft. Hammock cut to .«...7.">c C?
O Bmrster*s Millions 81. OS J1.25— CWft. Hammock cut to OS<« O
V. Gordon Kf-ith 81. '.IS J1.C5— G^-ft. Hammock cut to.»jll.;»»"> O
•• 1'r.di-r the Rose S 1 .OS Other finer grades proportionately rt
L'arrell of Blessed Isles 81. OS cut. q
«'. j Knives, Razors and Shears Ground and Repaired. I
p| Picture frames of Ml Descriptions Made to Order. §
HI CimnlCY Piflnn PlflVPf Mechanical in con- | | \
SB I OlmPIPA rldllU nayCl. strU ction. Human 111
8 a B volume and expression under absolute con- \\\
/// A Chilli Can Learn to Play It. S^ at j n h d e ft\
f I / We will gladly demonstrate its many points 1 1 a
|^S§|. world's best music to interest you. Nothing ££J|k|1||
, PBAGEBS | PBAGEBS ; ( PBAGEB3. | PBAQEB3
'M ; fl^^ftl.he.* Wr v ' 1?!ma Et jflt*.fvaiTCe v Unprecedented bargain opportunities will abound in every sec-
ifldlCaimSSiy ff Iu6. DCirgainS tion of this store this week. Some of the departments already are
. equipped with' fall goods, showing the latest Eastern and European ideas. Prices on these goods have been marked consistently
low. Several departments are clearing summer stock at phenomenal reductions. Two departments have increased their floor
space and make their formal introduction to the shopping public to-morrow with numerous desirable specials. It will be souv-
enir day as far as prices are concerned— they will be so very low. ? . s -"i
Great. Shoe Specials. \&jfa* r I Millinery Announcement..
THERE .will be some very Interesting^shoe jlrjl '"' Jl HP HIS department will y be one of the
news in this department during the next Ljp"'lj§, c jus n,+ j*. j*+ I Rreat attractions during the next few
few weeks and for this week we have ar- |§L*P months. The entire front of the stort
ranged a few specials that w.H undoubtedly WlW flU XTs! ill fcl igLr la j»4§g has been chanced to make room for millinery.
bring excellent returns to you and to us. Jgjjga^JajpL jfl& r gLfll ' _fl^_P\ WL ML- j&S&P There is now plenty of space and a stock
/ $12.00— Little Gents' Patent ' Leather WsLtv^ 4 *^ J^^'^r *«r £7^ complete in every detail, comparing most fav-
Shoes; extension soles, mat tops; sizes 8 l / 2 » irtir^^mAif iniV orably with the large Eastern houses, ha?
ton. Same in Youths', sizes uy 2 to 2 m AlAVAlS JKE/OAoL5lf been secured. Alcorps of young ladies will
$2,125. and for Boys, sizes 2 y 2 to 5^ M *rtoO I9SA TMT A TaK"BTT GrrAnjMT* devote their entire time to making hats at the
ya.no. >H^B.tg < ilH* r Jl^.5OrlAKfl\g^l alj^aJ^g 3 - \ special orders ot our customers.
Good Values in *ri ¦ j jl • fl\ x jl Specials in House
Flannels and ( Enlarged LrtllTaill liepartmeilti. Furnishings^
x f z d E er h d a^iected r -— \% , f j,g , . M Big Business' - Necessitates T^PS
W 3 j5--j«sis 1 jl m- U \m\\ ' Increase of Space. S^SSo^^
in demand and marked 1,, ,, I A Week of rare bflrcains to introduce to the equipment of en-
prices that will make i |,; V^J^h \ J^^HFSNfe- / WeeK Ol rare DargCUnS IO mirOQUCe tire houses and homes,
them a great attraction | ' ! ¦< ¦; l^ / *in lJS&msffi.^M- i'%>! HCW StOCK. . . Figures will be cheerfully
to this week's shoppers. i |, •;•;.,. '%$W&*ffi l^WM r4a>J D ecause of the immense business that is being done given and best values
FLANNELS. I \ J±i"i l :i , 'M^^^^v >§?? ; !a'5\*^L JD |r» our Curtain and Drapery Department we have obtainable are guaran-
10c a yard— 500 pieces \ cM^i-'i 'S^wJ^JiL^^, increased the floor space four times. tee d.
of the best erade of Out- \ y^'^^^ -''J^^^M^WA^^^^''^ Wc have secured a fine new stock of every variety of TOWELS.
ing Flannel: stripe. 1 '*'^^ curtains and drapes in the market and to open this re- 8 l-3c each— Heavy
checks plaids and solid l^^"1^£ juvenated department to our customers to-morrow we Huck Towels, hemmed
colors in pink. blue. red. m^r^BPBSffllSMrtlv^sCOT wfll p!ace on Mje 250 ° pairs of fin e curtains which we ready for use; soft fin-
gray lemon. brown, i'^^/^M^m^WW iff iT/Fl- S i bou 3ht at a big saving direct from an Eastern man- j s h; size 18 by 16.
navy, black and white; ft > '-.I 7&!$&Mi M) \\ 4 j/ '\\ \j 1 1 \\\ ufacturer. These curtains include all the latest and pop- TABLE LINEN ENDS.
_H f" et rolors •' ill ; ' 'n . \h-tt i\ I ; ular styles of Arabian, Colonial, etc. They are in short . ,
lOe and 15c a yard Uj • A^^U ! " ' MB t M IH lots, however, and only one. two and three pairs of a . pieces, bought
—All the newest and '^iM^^^^JJ^^S&W^ kind are in $tock - A few have sli S ht imperfecUons and *™™ the mill in lengths
choicest styles in Fleece- 2^ 1^"^^^ on account of this ihe P rices ""• exceedingly low. °LaK \V* , Z
back rlannels in pretty <J^^^^^' v ° our SDecia ' s — ? on sale at 30c ->nd ud
daTntyStripef Persian L^^PRk' f- pair-Curtains worth. $I. 5 O and $1.2 5 . COMFORTERS
effects, etc. Look like Mi»fel^ * t- OO a pair— Curtains worth $2.OO and $2.25. 91.39-Extra Heavy
the n re C u.ar soc French «»» «1.»O a pair-Curtains worth and 4oa mlT S ?S fO 33S
EIDERDOWN. ?2.00 a pair— Curtains worth $4.00 and S^.oo. ( cot }°I i: secular $1.75
l?>c a vard— German < . . . ' , . v j . • w IT ., . . and $2.00 values. Other
t?-a a ;,,rf u Besides this lot of Curtains we have reduced prices on our regular stock so that every need grades at S5c #1 OO
materiaT for kimonasj ||^ v applied/ - -. • . " - -¦ ' ' ' [^.OO and^
Fashionable Fall Dress Goods Clearing Entire Stock of Summer
~ I dcP artmen t c I g oo d s 1 Garments in Cloak (SfcSuit Section
I tainable in the early Eastern shipments. Only the best values \ X / ? inaugurated a sale a few days ago to clear out the summer
and regular Prager low prices will prevail on these goods. W ncs °* women's . apparel. Each garment is fortunately of a
• DRESS GOODS— Colored. style that can be worn as readily in the autumn as in the sum-
- rt • Scotch Mixtures, Camel's Hair, All New mer. But new style goods are on the way from the East, and to
%>UC Zibeline, Alpaca> Colors and prepare room for them we must make some inducement to clear out
a Yard Albatross, Cheviot. Styles , other lines. You may be able to find just what you want, and you
so . inch sackings, ' Extra can have it at a saving that will be very welcome.
bUC 38-inch Sanglier Suiting. Fine There are also a number of sample lines of the newest East-
a Yard 38-inch Cream Alpaca (dotted). Values \ ern styles.
Cl OO Prunella, Scotch Mixtures, Just the mater.
*vh Crepe de Paris, Etamine. LatScoods" 1 " Wash Shirt Waists of white and colored Lawns. Chambrays,
. a Yard • . * i-bicsi uoo«. Piques and Oxfords.
Broadcloth, Venetian, Crash. . 45c— Shirt Waists, worth $1.15. 9t.fi. 1 ;- Shirt "Waists, worth $2.75.
Black. i « 70c-Shlrt Waists, worth $1.45. SH'^Zlh! 1 ? w'!'!'' wort Jj g 5-
5Oc a. yard— Etamine, 56-inch Skirting, Albatross, Cheviot, Al- Sl.lO-Shirt Waists, worth $1.90. lr t waistal worth $55^'
paca and Armure. 81.25— Shirt Waists, worth $2.15. $4.05-Shlrt Waists, worth $6.75,
$1.00 a yard— Zibeline, Etamine, Serge, Crepe dc Paris, Alpaca, BLACK CHINA SILK WAISTS.
Cheviot, Mistral and Veiling. $1.50— Black China -Silk Shirt Waists; worth $2.75.
SILKS -Taffeta and Peau de Soie. . T ckii»t«
85c, 98c, $1.25 and $1.50 — 22-inch Swiss Taffeta; guaran- , oiUK.ia.
teed and extra strong. • Wash Skirts of Covert Cloth, Pique, Linen and Duck.
9Sc, $1.25 and $1.50— 24-inch Swiss Taffeta. f»5c- Wash Skirts, reduced from Si».5O— Wash ' Sklrt3, reduced
$1.12 an d jPLM-^r-inch Swiss Taffeta; extra values. Sklrt a , reduced from » 45 -
79c and S5c_2O-inch Peau de Soie. from $175 *?? /\n_w«,.», cw ,
$1.00, $1.25 and $1.3O— 24-inch Peau de Soie. »i. on-Wash | Skirts, reduced f *? # £°jr ' ' C6d
$1.10 and $1.50— 27-inch Peau de Soie. . from $2.50. Irom Wo °-
I GREEN TRADING STAMPS CIVEr7| - I GPXEN TRACING STAMPS dVEN"!
Big Reductions on Numerous Superb Bargains in Trimmings. Women's Underwear at» a
Lines of Fancy Goods. H is jj the finest advance showing in Saving That Is Worth WhUe
THERE is no disputing the fact that | i ace and embroidery trimmings that has »-p HIS will be economy week in the
the bargains offered here are unequaled ever been made. In keeping with our J women's undergarment department
by any other store. The reputation of liberal policy we have marked prices that will Full lines of everything have been in-
this department with its immense _ stock make all the lines good sellers. Our remnants eluded in this marking-down price list,
is established. These few items will re- have been placed on the bargain table in the We intend at all times to give you the ear-
mind you that excellent specials are to be main "aisle. liest opportunity for new goods, and for
had right now. VEILS. »K«' EMBROIDERJES. this week have offered some noteworthy
59c, fiOe. 7oc, S9c and up to $1.49 . . . . . suecials
-The new black drape veils in chiffon, \ oc. a yard-Cambnc insertions, J4 to 1 inch T« *»• , CORSET COVERS
Tvnni ind silk and silk creoe with hem- wlde - also fanc y cambric galoons with beading ,,...,* :¦- :-?'¦
> ? ZlZ 1 hnrHerJ of a widths iS and i?5 effects - Worth IOC and a yard. 25c— Made of cambric with V or circular
va 5s long > 12/ 2 c a vard-2 SO o yards of cambric edgings ««« trimmed embroidery or hem-
If If^rape veils of chiffon in the and insertions; 3 to 5 inches wide. 20c and 25c .tgggjM.wnn.ffle. A regular «c value.
Sc l °Pl C ain and-fa b n U c e y ; wi A wd^he'm- "oJc a yard-45-inch embroidery skirt floun- W V and circular. necks trimmed with
borders, i^and V/ 2 yards long., cing, alsoa large assortment wtth lace inser- , {"^and embroidery.^ght different styles
Always sell at 75c^ tions. LACES . TSc-Madeof lawn; circular nejk; 4-inch
n/\I\JJa\ILK^rllltr o. Point Ac P.iris lare insertion tnA ttirlrq in
25c, each-500 dozen women's hnen ,80c to $G.OO a yard-All-over laces, 18 back and front> Finished with lace ed c#
lawn fancy handkerchiefs, with hemstitch- inches wide, in white, cream, Arabian and black A regular Si 00 garment
ed scalloped, Iace and insertion edges. Point Venice effects. . %'-\% • COWNS
All new designs and patterns, 40c and 4 5c TRIMMINGS. $l.OO_Made of cambric or muslin;
values.. cia '- v .. nHk . r $2.75 to $3.75 a yard— Black fiber panel Empire, V, high and square neck; also
50c each-2S0 .dozen -fancy effectv 4%> $ and g inches wJde> sepaf . *> Trimm^ d fc fin<; ,
chiefs made : of pure : Insl 1 linen '• » n >" ¦«« ate fiber ornaments to match from 50c to S1.3S or embroidery and ribbon.- 12 styles in
latest New York and Pans effects. 7SC and }r A $125 value.
8.";c values. Special. -: ..^ . ._ m^^ mmmmmmmmmmmmammmmmmmmmmm^ mmmmm .^— . .
I GR.EEN TRADING STAMPS GIVEN | | I JGREEN TRADING STAMPS GIVEN | I GREEN TRADING STAMPS GIVEN I
We Trust the People
gill • This Week's
Jl i 3 *"' " : * la size cast hTZ . ss trimmings, larce French
jS^f8lBtMfllB§BH38BBgB§8BSfcw fast Jult&J
Eastern Outfitting
li- f If* Country Orders Sollolttd.United States Marshal Shine took into
custody yesterday Gustave Malmgrist,
alias Charles B. Randall, who was re
cently indicted by the Federal Grand Jury
for making false affidavits to an appli
cation for a pension. Trie prisoner and
the ' real Charles B. Randall were pri
vates in Company D, Third Regiment.
New Hampshire Volunteers, and were
close friends. Malmqulst deserted on No
vember*?, 1864. Randall died a few years
ago and his widow has applied for a pen-
Civil War Deserter Arrested.
S25.9O to Yosemito and Return
In one -way and out' another over the
"Double Loop." The scenic way into the
Yosemlte is the Santa Fe Merced Route,
which takes you directly through two
Groves of Big Trees. Special coupon
tickets, covering total expenses, five days.
$34.90: seven days. $33.90: ten days. $42.So.
Full Information at Santa Fe Office. Wl
Market street. •
Dislikes to Be- Called Thief.
I. 1>. Hofmann is the plaintiff in a suit
for $10,000 damages for slander filed yes
terday against Willltm Ehrenpfort. He
alleges that the latter, in the presence of
numerous persons, called him a thief. He
said that Ehrcnnfort also called him a
"spltzhub," the' German eauivalent for
thief, in the presence of a number cf
people who understood German.
Inclosed find check for $250. I expect to
get rid of your very annoying; claim before
the expiration of next week. If you either
send on have sent me any more insulting
letters you will ba made to watt much lonsr-r.
Very resbectfully. GEO. D. COLLINS.
the plaintiff, she made a demand upon
her brother for the return of the money,
but received it. not. Another appeal fol
lowed, with a like result, and the third
and last appeal, she says, brought her a
check for $250 and the following letter:
alon, which fact was unknown to Malm
quist. who had assumed his friend's namo
for the purpose of defrauding the Govern
ment.
Because of certain financial transactions
between Attorney George D. Collins and
his sister Norine there is a row In the
Collins family, and the courts have been
called upon to settle it. Yesterday No
rlne Collins filed a suit against the attor
ney to recover $950 she alleges she has
advanced him at various times during the
last four years, j She asks for interest, and
in her complaint she makes several alle
gations that go to show there is existing
considerable feeling that Is not at all
brotherly or sisterly. She also complains
of a letter written to her, by her brother,
and incorporates It in hen complaint to
show that she has a claim against him
and also to show that he is not at all sat
isfied with the means *she has taken to
collect what she says is rightfully hers.
According to the complaint she first
gave $400 Into . his care and received a re
ceipt therefor. She says that he promised
to Invest this sum for her. At various
times thereafter, she i says, she advanced
him . sums . aggregating $400. and then.' In
October, 1900, advanced him $350. Some
time after making the last loan, alleges
the United Railroads; of the space be
'tween the car tracks contractors will be
able to ' push "¦ the work* which' has been
delayed for so long on .many of the new
homes . fn the Sunset District. Baldwin
'& : Howell report the - following , sales on
Parnassus Heights during- the last week:
' To J. K. Fraser, lot 60 by 120 on the west
elde- of Fifth avenue,- 1 tO feet south ¦ of Hugo
street, for.J2700; samo buyer, ; lot Immediately
opposite of .the: same size - for J2B50; A. Har
rington, lot 50 feet front by: 05. feet In depth
on ¦ the east Bide .¦ of * Sixth * avenue, 00 : feet
south of Hugo street, $2050; Mrs. M. E. , Flood,
lot 25 • feet ¦ front ' by 120 feet In. depth, on the
west side of Sixth avenue, 95 < feet south of H
street. > for JU0O.* ;.
Appeals to Court to Re
cover Money She Ad
vanced Him.
A United States civil service examina
tion is announced for September 16 in this
city for the position of Portuguese inter
preter, salary $60 per month; minimum age
limit 20 years. Apply to the United States
Civil Service Commission at Washington,
D. C, or to the secretary of the Consoli
dated Board of Civil Service Examiners,
301 Jackson street, for application forms
304 and 1141.
Portuguese Interpreter Wanted.
'Buildings are springing up rapidly: on
Parnassus Heights, and as the difficulty
in hauling lumber, to) that section of the
city has now been removed by; the - com
pletion of the" paving on 11 street by
' The grounds . embrace about four acres
and no expense was spared in ; their or
namentation or in the" construction of the
house. 'Mr. Weir-up to the present time
has been -a resident of ; New, -York State,
but he will henceforth make I California
his home." In San Mateo Park
& Howell report the sale to;T..R. Turner
of ; lot 39 for $1400, ;to H. Hume lot 24 for
$1550. ia H. HJekie lot 4 for $1350: also
lot 14. block 11. San Mateo, to F. E. Bak
er ' for $1050; also a . numner; of • sales of
lots; in, the* Bowie extension . at prljes
ranging from $400 to $600 each, r; ¦
F. W. Bridge has sold a lot 69:8x137:6
feet, on the north side of Green street,
127:6 feet east of Broderlck, for a price
close to $7000 to a client of Thomas Ma
gee & Sons. ..'. ;."¦ .
The demand for suburban .- home . sites
and for residences 'on 'the peninsula con
tinues and appears to be; on 1 the increase.
Baldwin & Howell \ report :a number . of
sales I and also inquiries which \ are like
ly to lead, to some large transactions. One
of the principal sales . made by this , firm
during the last week was that of the
beautiful Frank residence opposite the
entrance of the Flood mansion on the
¦Mlddlefleld road at Menlo Park, which
has been purchased by W. M.JWeir for
$20,000. ¦ ¦ ' . . ¦ ' ,
' SAN MATEO PEOPBETY.
There went on record this week the
transfer of the ownership of the prem
ises'on the northeast line of Beale street,
137:6 feet northwest' of Mission, 91:8x137:6.
It has been, bought by Robert L. Cole
man, through T,homas" Magee & Sons,
from Henry P..,tJmbsen at a small ad
vance on, the $87,500 paid by the late own
er some months ago to Isabella Van Win
kle. • • y . ;:
Thomas Magee & Sons have made the
followinc sales:
Lot 37:0 by 137:0 and residence of Mrs. Mary
A. Raymond, on the north line of Broadway,
67 feet west of Gough street, to Mrs. Laura
A. Lane on private terms; lot 30 by 45:10, with
four-story frame building, on the wesj line' of
Powell etreet; 82.0 north of Pacific, by George
Chevalier, for $CSOO: lot 25 by 137.0, on the
"fiouth side' of Oak street. 1S3 west of Baker,
from Mrs. Julia Carroll to Isaac Ellesser. on
private terms, and lot 25 by 137.6, on the south
line of Union street, 195 feet west of Gough,
$1750, from Andrew F. Magnan to J.
C. Vischi. who will build two flats on the
property.
VALUABLE REALTY SOLD.
an elegant residence and the price was
$22,500; lot 30x137:6 feet.
LAWYER COLLINS
SUED BY SISTER
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art.
Magnificent exhibition, paintings and
sculpture. Open daily. Admission 25c.
California and Mason streets. *
An air of uneasiness pervaded the
County Clerk's office yesterday. Shortly
after 1 o'clock rumors were rife to • the
effect that County Clerk Mahony was
about to dlscharce a dozen of his em
ployes for neglecting their duties and fail
ing to do certain work assigned to them a
few months ago, when Mahony, whose
term of ofBce expires next January, or
dered the men to work overtime In order
that he might leave the office with all the
records up. The rumors turned out to be
only too true, for within an hour after
the clerks heard that the ax was to fall
a fiat was Issued by the County Clerk de
claring the places of James McElroy, W.
J. Kennedy, Charles Morris, John Ahern,
Thomas Quinn, John Rellly and John Me-
Kenna vacant. The first four named are
courtroom clerks, Rellly is chief copyist
and McKonna is a copyist.
The order discharging th© men had
hardly been issued when they all set
about working for a restoration. Accord-
Ing to his own statement, McKenna, who
Is a brother of Chief Justice Joseph Mc-
Kenna, was the first to be restored. He
said at 6 o'clock that he had seen Ma
hony and that "he was all right." Mor
ris said he had also had an interview
with the County Clerk and was not to go.
This left McElroy. Kennedy, Ahern,
Quinn and Reilly to be accounted for. It
in said that Mahony had granted McEl
roy and Kennedy a respite to the first of
the month, but that the three last named
must 2:0. *
Frank Burk and Dan Ward are slated
to fill two of the vacancies.
Dismisses Several of
His Deputies and
Copyists.
COUNTY CLERK
WIELDS THE AX
The same firm has also sold the jiorth
west corner of" O'Farrell and Gough
streets for the estate of I. Sellg to a
client of the firm, whose name is withheld
for the present. Improvements consist of
Sunset and Ocean Heights — Lot 50x120, on
the east line of Nineteenth ' avenue, 150 feet
south of r street, to John T. Williamson: lot
00x120, on the west line of Forty-fourth ave
nue, 150 feet north of O street, to Margaret
O'Connor; lot 50x120. on the west line of
Forty-fourth avenue. 200 feet north of O
street, to Bridget O'Rourke; lot 25x100, on the
south line of R street. 67:6 feet east of Forty
third avenue, to Frank T. English; lot 25x120,
on the west line of Forty-eighth avenue, 212:6
feet west of K street, to Sarah J. Clayton:
lot 25x120, on the west line of Forty-second
avenue, 200 feet south of T street, to Henry
Z. Fltzslmmons.
Easton & Eldridge report the following
sales for the week: *
Three flats of 8 and 9 rooms. and baths each
at 1388. 1390 and 1392 O'Farrell street,
north ltne, 25 feet east of Lagruna, lot
30x72 feet for $16,500. This property yields
an annual It come of S1C20 h. yepr. Th* seller
was W. Wolfe and the buyer M. Levy. .
Excelsior Homestead— Lot 25x100, .on.- the
southeast line of Paris street, 200 feet north
east of Brazil avenue, to Samuel K. Jensen;
lot 25x100, on the northwest line of Lisbon
street, 125 feet northeast of China avenue, to
Louis J Lavaroni; lot" 25x100, on the southeast
line of London street, 100 feet northeast of
Brazil avenue, to Philippe Glbeau; lot 25x100.
on the southeast line of Madrid street, 250 feet
rtortheast of Persia ave'nue, to Charles Colson;
ldt 25x75. on the northwest line of M&drid
street, 25 feet northeast of Persia avenue, to
Ernest C. "Read; lot 25x100, on the northwest
line of London street, 25 feet southeast of
China avenue, to E. C. Nichols: lot 00x100, on
the northwest line of Paris street, 150 feet
northeast of Brazil avenue, to William J.
Jones; also lot 25x125, on the south .line of
Randall street/219 feet east of Palmer, Fair
mount district, to Edward E, Wolff; lot 25x125,
on the north line of Hearst avenue, 300 feet
west of Edna street, Sunnyslde district, to
Herbert B. Lutzenbach; lot 25x120, on the
west line of Twenty-second avenue, 100 feet
south of Lake street, to Alexander B.. Crnck
bon; lot 25x120, on the west line of Tenth ave
nue, 175 feet north of Point Lobos avenue, to
Alvln P. Quackenbush.
SUNSET AND OCEAN HEIGHTS.
Besides sales under way, A. J. Rich &
Co. have made two very Important leases.
One of these Is not yet ready to be re
ported. The other Is that of the Armand
Callleau new stone building on the north
side of Sutter street, between Powell and
Mason. The structure Is six stories high,
of which the five upper floors ar« ar
ranged for a first-class rooming-house of
eighty-five" rooms. H. ', E. . Baker is the
lessee, and the gross rental for the term
of ten years Is $102,000. .' . ', -
B. Getz reports' the following proper
ties sold by him in the various districts:
EXCELSIOB HOMESTEAD.
BIG BUILDINGS LEASED.
Lot 27:6x87:(S and two flats, on the east side
of Scott street. 32:0 feet south of Fell street,
for Sarah Cbarlton to H. L. Simon.
Lot 2Sxl22 and a elx-room residence on the
east fide of Belvedere street. 306:9 feet south
of Waller street, for Edtar J. Malmgren to
Frank H. Bates.
Lot 25x100. on the west side at Flllmore
street. 112:6 feet north of Haye^ street, • for
James W«at to C. T. Grani, \
Lot 25x100 and two new flats, on the west
Bide of Lyon street, 60 feet north of Pine, for
Dan. Einstein to Mrs. A. M. Case. . »
Lot 25x137:6, on the north side of . Hayes
6treet. 170 feet east of Masonic avenue, for
Constance Meek and Blanche Heath to Mrs. A.
Pamplnella.
Lot 25x112:6 and a ten-room residence, on the
east side of Masonic avenue, 125 feet south
of Haight street, for Jesse W. LUllenthal to
Reuben P. Hurlbut.
Two lots, 26x108 feet each, on the north sld«
of Clement street, SI feet west of Eighth ave
nue, for George Eckley to Edward Glnley.
Sol Getz & Son report the following
sales this week:
Lot BOxlOO, 1 on the south line of H street, 87:6
feet west of Forty-seventh avenue, to E. H.
Bacon for 52000. _
Lot 60x120, on the west line of Forty-sev
enth avenue, 150 feet north of I street, to J.
R. Danver for f 1500.
Lot 25x120, on the east line of Forty-elshth
avenue. 162:6 feet south of L street, to T. M.
Langrllle for $500.
Lot 25x120, on the east line of Tenth avenue,
,100 feet south of J street, to M. Lazansky for
Lot 25x120. on the west line of Forty-eighth
avenue. C2:6 feet north of M street, to Chris
tian Ruhl for $500.
The firm of R. D. Cranston & Sons re
port, among others, the following recent
sales:
Lot 25x120. on the west side of Clayton
street. 210 north of Frederick, for P. - J. May
bew to John Chalfant.
SOME RECENT SALES.
. Such occasions «j the national assemblage
of the Grand Army of the Rezmblto here may
be of great benefit to this city and . State If
they be taken advantage of. Our need Is a
larger population, both urban and rural, of
Americana and Europeans, and every, legiti
mate means should be employed to attraot those
who come to this. State to make It. their home.
The Grand Army of the Republic this month
and the Knights Templar In September of next
year should greatly tend to this object.
Real estate dealers ara looking: for
ward to the coming: of thousands of vis
itors to this city.-- The "Grand Army En
campment means much to the sellers of
realty and they Intend to make the most
of it They argue that of the thousands
who will come here to attend the cele
bration many will stay, and those who
do will want to Invest their money In
homes. The Real Estate Record makes
the following comment:
Reports of Many. Sales During
Last Week in This *
Real Estate Dealers
Favor the Big En
campment. -
MANY VISITORS
MAY STAY HERE
THE SAN FBANOISCO CALL, SUNDAY, /AUGUST 16, ,1903.
28
BnBKBHaBSnHHHHHESnnaEBBEBBSiaBHEESEHBBHHlEiaHBBR
1 SPECIAL SALE 1
I .JAILOR-MAD I SUITS..f
I ONE-THIRD LESS Than Regular Prices ,g
g ¦ ¦ .' . ¦'L:.-- : -'y;-^ " ¦ '¦ ¦ Hi
g These suits were imported for use as samples in our factory and §j
g represent all a
S. THE LATEST FALL STYLES 1
S $J5.0p Sample Suits, Sale Price $9,75 g
g $18.00 Sample Suits, Sale Price "\ $12.75 g
¦ $25.00 Sample Suits, Sale Price. $14.75 ¦
¦ $35.00 Sample Suits, Sale Price. $22.50 8
| ATTRACTIVE STYLES IN CHILDREN'S COATS in S
m aoth, Silk and Velvet. POPULAR PRICES. |
g. i WE A i PF 1ST f\ NTTF A -'¦ g
| MARKET ST. |
S Bet. Mason and Taylor Streets. ES
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦BaBHaBBHBBBBBBBBBBBHBS
ADVERTISEMZUTS. . __±
ONE NEAR-LINEN SHEET OUTWEARS TWO OTHERS. )
I Tab I e Linens at Reduced Prices
We offer to-morrow, Monday, 1200 Fine Grade
Belfast Damask Lunch and Dinner Cloths at con-
siderably less than regular prices. .%
400 cloths. 2 yards square, at $2.00 each
\ " Always $2.75 each.
400 cloths, 2 yds. by 2i yds., at $2.50 each
. Always J3.25 each. >
£ 400 cloths, 2 yds. by 3 yds., at. . /. . . .$3.00 each
CC Always $4.00 each.
S Napkins— 750 dozen splendid 22-inch irish Nap- p
31 kitisi choice flowered and polka dotted designs, >
i at $2.OOdozen i
Refi^larly C50 doiea. Q
£ 00
S These linens will be sold at above z
Special Prices until Wednesday night.
3 EMBROIDERIES |
£ Just .received direct from the Manufacturer a jh
£ second lot of attractive Nainsook, Swiss and gj
I Cambric Embroideries, consisting of about 2,000 •
S pieces Embroideries and Insertions in 4^-yard
=5 strips, which we are in a position to sell at about
half regular price.
The styles are excellent The values tre-
mendous.
COR. GRANT iSVE & STTTOiS^jr
retail mti^' iimnnimn v
WHOLESALE '* ¦¦¦¦mi in" l|1ff^ ..PROVIDERS X
HEADQUARTERS FOR SHAWLS. '
;>,-*'"•. - ADVEBTISTSMETJTS. .¦ —
M . S-— *" '*"*-<& Always •-«^w^— -GSZ-^ cabinet-maker's art ; has two bev-
ra Chiffonier, quarter sawed oak • /^^^^^^^^SS^l v Without e * ec * renc^ P^ ate rriirrors 18x48
v£ or mahogany finish, full serpen- * j^^^^^w^r^tS^v^ inches ; stands 6 feet 6 inches high
H tine front, paneled sides, cast the 22 * a — interior finished tf* f\f\,00
M brass trimmings, piano polish, * . , V^^i^^iiH^P Peer in birdseye maple. JpUU~;
ffl beveled French plate mirror, a de- L,eaa \&& ' Price ~
ffl sign of unusual beauty, superior *"¦—— — —^ — "* ; [II^ $jfflr'^' I— — — — — — 1 / ¦
I ThVoVg Vo^T. $29-^ CARPETS
I rricc ** ' — ~]^^^^^^' _ Tapestry Brussels ' i" B r ° u d s y _
M CARPETS <^%^^^^^3^^^^^^^^^S^*^' tionally beautiful patterns. Colors
H the cheapest will be found here. ; "™BB"8SS!^^^ygMmff t - CrnS ' arRC and Sma ] 1 dcsigns on
I dazzling array. At prices that . cannot J^S^^^^^^^^^^^ Fiber RugS t'rfifdurable'fab-
a Brussels Caroet —^ c a u t i- ]$$$ ¦£j^^^'~ r ~ ¦ "^*"^*^^ market. We wish to introduce them
|| terns.. Quality that will give ; you '• •. llH|p^r*^ prices; 9x12 feet, larjfe enough for
H absolute satisfaction. Designs 'that the average room. ClAT'C
H show the master's hand in every £ > ; .1 , ., - , , Price, each x »plU«f3
g line and color. Two-toned reds and The Regal Ratfge, the only cast range built for soft coal.
f§ greens, Persian and Indian effects, Will save its cost in fuel. Every part guaranteed. Smvriia RtlSTS Zf 7^ v^ C »u
H delf blues, an endless variety. Bor- , - "" . " s ° fringed both
I Jg^ s^.' n^: $1.00 Terms:— $1.00 Down; $1.00 a WeeK %&*&??. J% $1.75
I 245=259 GEARY STREET ON THE SQUARE
ADVERTISEMENTS. %
] tbe Thorite gbatupagne ;
WILLIAM WOLFF & CO.
i PACIFIC COAST AGENTS ¦
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE
WEST. 24 Pest et.. San Francisco. Cal.
Established 40 years. Open entire year.
Write for Illustrated catalogue (free).
jl POLYTECHNIC
f/L Business C*Iepe and
Jr^SL'i f-chcol cf Knplneer-
JxTt—i-j rW*2k » Sc * ; ' Oakland, Cal.
—j£Prmf*>4£**&L Largest and b*tt
r^ttX^r- "rSi'Sa «<ju:rped rchool of
inSS-tTww Jit fll HSftrS busine.'s shorthand
'feaX^Kwi £S£Ss»A ana er.rlnecrins west
iS*« 5S X* B 'T^isn * of Cbic** 0 - Perfect
*pare catalogue.
HOITT'S SCHOOL
FCP. BoYS. Mer/.o Park. California. Prepares
for eoy university or. for business. Send for
JlHjfrrated catalogue. IRA G. HOITT. Ph. D.,
Principal.' Fall term opens Aurust 1L
THE LYCEUm
An accredited preparatory school for the uni-
versity, law and tnedlcal ccl'.eses. Is well
known for its careful and thorough work. Com*
end b* with us; we prepare you well; refer-
.cces President Jordan or any Stanford pro-
Itetor. Pnelan builiinc.
L. H. GftAP. Ph. P.. Principal.
e XISS SASEEB AVD.aOSS HOaHES 1
SCSOOZi 7OS GIHZ.S
AT PALO ALTO. CALIFORNIA. Formerly the
THOETJKN SCHOOL.
Prepare* for the Unlversitie* and CoUeres,
Wert and East. University lectures open to
c rtuderts. Semester berlns August 29.
BELMONT SCHOOL,
FOR BOYS. BELMOXT. CAL..
Opens for new pupils August 10; for former
pupils August 12. Catalogue and book of views
en application.
W. T. REID. A. M. (Harvard). Head Master.
HAML1N SCHOOL
AJSZ> VA37 2SXSS SEfitXVAZY, r
IMS Jackson **t.. S. F. Boarding acd day'
trfao&l for rlrls. Accredited by the leading
colleges and universities. Special attention
riven to music. Reopens August 10. 1903.
SARAH P. HAMLIN. Principal.
SACRED HEART EVENING COM-
MERCIAL SCHOOL,
f ACSES EEABT COLLEGE, Edcy and LirkinBU.
CLASSES OPEN KCNDAT, AUGC6T 3, 1933.
at 7:15 p. m.
ANDERSON ACADEMY,
IBVINCTON. CAL.
A high-grade Military School for a limited
number cf boys of good character. Next terra
begin* Aogust 12.
WILLIAM WALKER ANDERSON. Principal.
Miss West's School for Girls,
2014 VAN NESS AVENUE.
Opens August 19. Home and day school. Ac-
oredtted by lesdlnc: colleges. For catalogue ad-
cregs MARY B. WEST. Principal.
Hitchcock Military Academy,
SAW BATAXX. CAZu
Separate building for little boys. Xmae term
will begin on August 17. -
St. Maryls College,
OAKLAND, CAL
Studies will be resumed MONDAY. August 3,
1803. BKO. ZENONIAK. President.
ST. JOSEPH'S ACADEMY,
PERAX.TA PARK. BERKELEY.
Betrulngr and day school for boys under 15 yeari
/ of «»e. 6tudie« commence MONDAY, Augu«t 3,
' ' 1903. Send tor Brotpectuj to Cro. Genebna,
¦
, , ADVERTISEMENTS.
; THE ONE "WITH THE IMP-How In the world do you keep your baby so Quiet
and happy this dreadful trying weather ?
THE ONE wixu THE CHERUB-Why it's the easiest thing to ttoo world. I take*
a CASCARET Candy 'Cathartic every night at bed-time. It makes mother's milk
mildly purgative, keeps the baby's bowels cool and regular, stops sour curd
an<l wind colic. They work while you sleep, you know— greatest blessing for
naming mothers. j-^• Newspaper* ' manufacturers — Printing ; press;
inks; PHPer; electrotyplng and 'stereotyping
presses; type composition: type sotting and
type casting machines; processes for repro
ducing illustrations; folding, binding ami
mailing devices. :
I 'The law ot Journalism— Copyright., libel, in
cluding civil and seditious libel; rights and
duties of the press In' reporting, judicial pro
ceedings; liabilities ; of publisher, editor, re
porter and contributors. ¦ ...
: Ethics of * Journalism — Proper sense* of re
sponsibility to the public on the part of the
newspaper .writer; to what extent should tho
opinions of the editor or owner of a newspaper
Seven members of this |dvisory board
have already been named and, with
others to be selected, will be nominated
by the trustees of Columbia University
at their meeting in October. They are:
Nicholas Murray Butter, president of
Columbia University, ex-offlcio; White
law Reid; John Hay, Secretary of State;
St. Clalr McKelway, Andrew D. White,
Victor F. Lawson of Chicago, Charles H.
Taylor of Boston, and Charles W. Eliot,
president of Harvard University.
President Eliot's duties in connection
with his own university will prevent his
serving on the permanent advisory board,
but he has csrdlally approved the plan,
has given counsel to the board and , will
give to the individual members of the
board the benefits of hia great experience
and knowledge. President Eliot has sub
mitted the following outlines for a prac
tical school of study:
Newspaper 'administration — The organization
of a newspaper of floe; functions of the publish
ers; - circulation department; •.advertising de
partment; editorial and reportorlal depart
ment*; the financing of a newspaper; local,
out of town and foreign newa service; editorial,
literary, financial,- sporting and other depart
ment*. . . - - .• i
An important , feature of the organiza
tion of this school will be an advisory
board nominated by the donor, which ..will
aid in devising a plan and course of In
struction.
NEW YORK, Aug. 15.— Joseph Pulitzer
has provided the sum of 52,000,000 to es
tablish a school of journalism at Colum
bia University, this city. A new building
for the school will be erected on Morning
side Heights at a cost of $500,000. The
school will hold toward the university a
relation similar to that of the other pro
fessional schools, the law schoo^ the
school of medicine and the ''school of
mines, and, like them, will be national ln
scope. " '¦'¦'¦_,
SUISUN, Aug. 15.— The special election
held in Fairfleld School District on July
18, at which a' proposition was carried to
Issue bonds in the sum of $11,000 for the
erection of a new schoolhouse, has been
declared null and void by the Superior
Court, owing to Irregularities In the ap
pointment of officers to conduct the elec
tion. The court permanently enjoined the
Trustees from proceeding with the issue
of the bonds. Another election will, be
held at an' early date.
Bond Election Is Set Aside.
CONGRESSMAN NEEDHAM
VISITS HIS CONSTITUENTS
Makes a Tour of the Sixth District
to Ascertain Its legisla
tive Needs.
WATSONVILLE, Aug. 15.— During the
last two days Congressman J. C. Need
ham has been visiting his constituents in
this city and valley, ascertaining their
desires as to national legislation affect
ing their interests. He la making a tour
of the Sixth Congressional District, look r
Ing into Its legislative needs. The Big
Basin Park. Santa Cruz. Salinas, Spreck
els and the army post at Monterey have
already been visited. From here he goes
to Holllster and the San Benito country.
Congressman Needham is very popular
throughout this section and his off -year
visits to his constituents are greatly ap
preciated. . - ¦ « ;
The Board of Education has a complaint
against the Board of Public Works for
the long delay of the last named body ln
preparing the plans for the completion of
the Noe Valley School building.
As far back as last March the| Board
of Education sent a communication to the
Board of Works asking that' the plans
mentioned be submitted as soon as conver
nient. The plans are far from compli
cated, Inasmuch as they are simply to
provide for the grading of the lot sur
rounding the building and the building of
a bulkhead in the rear ln order to prevent
the water from the upper land draining
under the structure.
Four months after the request of the
Board of Education was made the Board
of Works submitted the plans, which,
however, were not considered satisfac
tory, as they contemplated the building
of a bulkhead eight feet high and were
not agreeable to the Board of Education
in some other essential particulars. The
Board of Works was again communicated
SAN DIEGO, Aug. 15.— Promptly at 3
o'clock this morning at the sound of the
bugle the guy ropes wer» released and tha
tents at Camp Last dropped to the
ground. In a short time there was very
little left to show that the site had been
occupied as a military camp. As tha
property was being stowed away police
details were at work cleaning up and
burning the bedding. It was noon by the
time the Seventh Regiment was ready to
leave. The men crossed to San Diego and
after lunch departed on a special train of
ten cars for the north. They expressed
themselves as greatly pleased with- tha
location of the encampment. They have
profited greatly by the Instruction and
training. Colonel Berry said that tht3
year's encampment has been the best and
the most enjoyable the Seventh Regiment
has ever had. ''..."
North on Special Train of
Ten Cars.
Militiamen Leave San Diego for tha
CAMP LAST IS DESERTED
BY SEVENTH REGIMENT
SUISUN, Aug. 15.-The Congregational
Church Society of this place has decided
to erect a new parsonage. The butldinff
will be a modern structure and will cost
about $2000. The membership of the so
ciety Is small, but is fast growing 'under
the pastorate of Rev. G. M. Dexter.
Decide to Erect a New Parsonage.
VANCOUVER. B. C. Aug. 15.— A spe
cial from Michel, B. C. says W. Moon,
who has been postmaster at Michel ever
since the office was opened, has been
placed under arrest and relieved of hla
office by Postal Inspector Dorman. The
charge against him la misappropriation
of federal funds.
Postmaster Accused of Embezzlement
Joseph Pulitzer Gives
'Fund of Two Mil
lion Dollars.
Board of Works Is Slow
in Preparation of
Jrlans.
DELAYS THE USE
OF SCHOOLHOUSE
ENDOWS SCHOOL
OF JOURNALISM
with at the end of last July requested
to change the. plans in accordance with
the desires of the Board of Education.
The Board of Works agreed to have the
plans ' ready, .last Friday, and a special
meeting to consider them was called by
President Woodward of the Board of Ed
ucation. The School Directors were on
hand to review the plans in order to go
ahead with the work, but a communica
tion was received from the Board of
Worka stating that the plans could" not
be ready until next week. . The School Di
rectors were wroth at the additional de
lay, but they are powerless. It was stated
that the board expected to use the Noe
Valley School building at the beginning
of the present school term, but owing to
continual delays by the Board of Works'
in the preparation of the plans the build
ing would not be utilized until next Jan
uary.
affect its preparation of news: relation* of
publisher, editor and reporters as regards free
dom of opinion.
History of Journalism — Freedom of the press
etc.
The literary form of newspapers— Approved
usages In punctuation, spelling, abbreviations,
typography.
Reinforcement of existing departments of In
structions — For the- benefit of students of Jour
nalism; in Rnglish. reporting of news, news
letters, reviews, paragraph writing, editorial
writing; in history, emphasta on geography; on
political science, emphasis on contemporary
economic problems and financial administra
tion.
It Is probable that the scheme of In
struction will inclt^de several of the aca
demic courses now taught in the univer
sity, but also will give special prominence
to the other side of the study ln an en
deavor to Impart by thorough teaching
and training what has been hitherto ac
quired ln the hard school of actual prac
tice.
j f*iy>2 HE nineteenth Grand Council ses-
II sion of the Young Men's Institute,
I Pacific jurisdiction, will convene
**¦ in this city to-morrow and will
continue in session throughout the
ISth, If>th and 20th. The institute saw- its
j birth In San Francisco in March, 1SS3, at
which time the society was organized
with a membership of six. Within a few
months the membership of the lirst coun
i ell numbered some 200, and the proposal
| to extend the field of activity met with
j hearty response, and the second council
I was organized at San Jose. In 1SS5 the
! first Grand Council convened, at which
I time seven councils were in existence, the
meeting being held at San Jose. Annual
Fessions have since been held,, and the
present session will mark the nineteenth i
j annual gathering. In 1SW the first Grand
I Council of the Atlantic jurisdiction was
held in Cincinnati,- OWo.v a number of
councils having been organized In the
East prior to that time. In 1S96 the first
Supreme Council was held in Denver. ;
Colo., at which tj/ne the. territory, then)
covered was divided "'into 'several Grand j
| Council jurisdictions, each with its well-'
j defined authority and independence save j
for the general allegiance due ' the Su
• preme Council. 'The Pacific Jurisdiction
i is practically a State organization, the
j northwestern part of Its' territory, includ
j ing Oregon, Washington and British Co- |
lumbia, having been formed into a sepa
rate jurisdiction at the time of the first
j Supreme Council. F. J. Kierce of San
j 1-Vancisco is the present supreme presi
j dent, James M. O'Brien, the supreme sec
j retary, having his office at Roanoke, Ya.
The grand officers and delegates will
first assemble at St. Mary's Cathedral,
where a solemn high ma?s will be cele
i brated, the resident clergy of St. Mary's
officiating. Rev. Joseph P. McQuaide will
preach on this occasion. • Later the dele
gates will met at Young Men's Institute
I hall. Pioneer building, and will file their
credentials. The £»pssion will then be
formally organized by the following of
ficers:
Pa»t grand ; presidents. J. J. McDade. M.
IV. Flemingr, J. V. Sullivan. J. V. Smith, C. P.
lienden. F. J. Mura*ky, F. J. Kierce. John
Lynrn, James Gallagher, Samuel Hasklns,
A. F. Ft; Sure, L. B. Mahan, D. J. OLeary;
grand chaplain. Rev. M. D. Slattery; grand
president, Thomas W. .Kelly; grand first vice
president. James D. Whalen; grand second
vice president, James P. Sex; grand secretary.
George A. Stanley; grand treasurer. William
T Agireler: grand marshal, Herman Berg;
grand jentinels. R. H. Flowers and P. J.
Thornton: grand directors. Rev. T. J. O'Ccn
nell. Tom A. Cody. M. A. Mclnnls, Charles
O. Wllley. T. J. Moroney, J; B. Queen, John
P. Fitzgerald, J. W. Sharp; supreme deputy,
E. It. Myrlck.
Adjournment will then be taken, the
session to again meet in the, early after
noon to hear the reporter the credentials
committee. The reports of all officers and
standing committees will then be present
ed and referred to the proper committees,
the report of. the grand president to be
first read. Business will proceed in regu
lar order from day to : <Jay, concluding
with the election of- officers for the ensu
ing term on Thursday. ;.-.;'.
Monday evening will be the occasion of
a reception and dance tendered to the del
egates by the Young Ladies' Institute at
Native Sons' Hall. Tuesday evening a
theater party will be held. "Wednesday
evening will be set apart for the Grand
Council banquet at the California Hotel,
and the social features will come to a
close with v the Grand Council ball on
Thursday evening.
The committees ln charge are as fol
lows:
Theater party — 1. F. Cotnyns, W. O. Patch,
R. 8. Blftke. - \
Hall— A. J. Sullivan, "W. A. Kelly. J. F.
Comyns.
Ranqnet— Charles O. Wllley, J. II. Pink
ham, P. J. Hasan.
Reception — W. A. Kelly, Q. G. Wllley. K.
O'Donnell, J. Doyle, A M. Campodonlco. J. H.
Pinkham. J. T. Keegan, J. W. Shlnkwln, D.
Barry. Arthur Osborne. - : •
Decorations— D. McGloln, M. T. Itellly, J.
Redmond.
Badges — J. A. Dunleavy, T. J. Moroney, C.
O. Willey.
. Printing — W. H. Murphy, C. D. O'Connor,
A. J. Sullivan.
Finance — E. B. Thomas, M. T. Rellly, P.
Ward. ¦;. V* :
CABS WILL MAKE; A SPEED
OF *SIXTY MILES AN HOUE
Pacific Electric Railway Contemplates
Making, Improvements on
Its Lines.
LOS ANGELES, Aub.'\ 15.— The ' Pacific
Electric Railway Is preparing specifica
tions for a new type of car" to be used on
Jt« interurlan lines, with which- It Is to
make a speed ¦ of sixty miles an hour.
The cam will be sixty feet long and weigh
93,000 pounds. . Each car. will be equipped
with four 150-horse power motors. Fit
tlnfffl similar to those used in steam rail
way coaches and separate smoking com
partments will be provided. Each car
will have a carrying capacity «tf seventy
two passengers. An order for fifteen or
twenty of these cars will be placed soon,
according to announcement made at the
office* of the company. They will be used
on the projected line to Riverside, a dis
tance of Elxty miles, which it Is proposed
to cover In an hour.tmd also on the other
Interurban lines of the company. „
Solemn High Mass Is to
Precede the Open
ing Session.
GRAND PRESIDENT OF INSTI
TUTE WHO WILL BE PRES
ENT AT COUNCIL.
• ¦ \
THE SAN ITiASrCISCO CALL, STJNDAY, AUGUST 16, 1903.
GRANDCOUNCIL
Y. M. I. TO MEET
IN THIS CITY
29
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MILWAUKEE.
The purity of "Blatz" has
never been questioned. Its.
very taste forbids doubt
on that score. '>//¦¦¦'
It's in the taste that
Blatz" holds the winning
hand. There's an inde-
scribable flavor that sug-
gests at once trie "real
thing"— there's a good-
ness . t h a t is distinctly
Blatz; -^
Always the same good old Blatz.
YAL. BLATZ BREmiX)., MILWAUKEE
Braunschweiger &; Co., me.
5 and 7 DRUMM S T., San Francisco?
Tel. Main 1646. Wbolesalo Dealers.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CURES WEAK MEN FREE.^
Insures Love and a Happy Home for
/ All. '0\±H
IIow any man may quickly cure 'himself after
years of buffering' from sexual weakness. -lost
vitality, night losses, varicocele, etc.. and en-
large small weak organs to full size and vigor
Simply send your name and address to Dr
•Knapp Medical Co.. 1510 Hull building, Detroit ;
Mich., and they will gladly send free receipt
with full directions so that any man may easily
cure himself at home. This Is certainly a most
generous offer, and the following extracts
taken from their dally mall show what men
think of their generosity: '
••Dear Sirs — Please accept my sincere thanks
for yours of recent date. I have given your
treatment a thorough test and the benefit has
been extraordinary. It , has completely braced
me up. I am Just as vigorous as when a boy
and you cannot realize how happy I am."
¦ "Dear Sirs — Your method worked beautifully
Results were exactly what I needed. Strength
and vigor have completely returned and en-
largement Is entirely satisfactory." - i •
••Dear Sirs— Yours was received and I had no
trouble In making use of the receipt as direct-
ed, and can truthfully say It Is a boon to weak'
men. I am greatly improved ln size, strength
and vigor.'\ .
All correspondence is strictly confidential,
mailed In plain, scaled envelope. The receipt
Is free for the asklog and they want every
man to have It.
.JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSElfBERGKS. J JOE ROSENBERCKS. ' | JOE ROSENBERG'S. . | - JOE ROSENBERG'S.
"pryTJT^ DRIVES
Vm &&fX®j. I '^P^iftkilKo FO^ YOU HERE JffflS WEEK.
'^^^0// /^ /^ / \ L I - - FULL VALUE FOR YOUR MONEY OR YOUR MONEY BACK.
J^i^^T- -~—^ ' ' .1^^^^S~ r^ a T^^^^^^^^^^^?^ # home - What isn>t ri '^ ht vve ' n make ri^ht!
"%/ff^^^^, v^T'^^r^^^^i^^Sj^mtfi^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^feS^ Whatever you find in our ad. youMI find in our store.
' 'jtfW i <^^SBBP^ All San Francisco is expecting company this week, and
'*'^\\'/fiy^l^?wBUS%8£^ ' with the balance of our people we are anxious that each
% <^% '^^^^^^^^^ :^^^&^^^^ =r^^ **&x**^ visitor C. A. R. week shall carry away with him the best
, * : lcwa^ 1 >r^ ; possible impression of our city. We are selling fancy goods
and want to see as many as possible of these visitors in our store. We are the small store with the smallest prices. We offer
v / for this week many lines of seasonable goods at cut prices. We will make this week a splendid opportunity for buyers from a
distance to supply their seasonable needfuls. Come to this store—buy If you want to— but at any rate, come.
Direct From the Mills. . Why Not Protect Your Dresses t _ > v__^>^^ aSr _ T^^ g - not Only Underpriced bat Far Below Rnminage Sale.
That's one rfason why our prices are When you ran buy aprons JWS^JiiM^^^Ms^^fc?^^! Pnk\ ""» That Is, in GOOD IUB-
lower and we have them made a little ffcL as C00(1 as t!l(i - s P for so lit- VWtn . ¦r^^JJx- j^ffr^vK^VJifK^i ~, ' .,.!!„ ,, . nt , tjt^.t, STLv BON'S or ODD AND
different than others. P^ : tie money? .Mado of import- P-3il ,ClosIns out our HAND-MADE BEAD- /f^\v END PIKCTES. ln pinks.
T \nir-q- vfsts HlPh^im^i I V\ fd lawn.extra large bibs, with /fii§?;i#&W^^s5?^m\ V? ? /- -$£. k ED BAUS-Made of genuine cut steel. / A\ J^v blues. reds, cardinal.
LADIES \ KSIh— Ilifrh neck and Ions I M hVn-iPtitohpd re-'eros over t «2^^J'*JM\.^^£?5C*i ; J^l J&^^-ZX/^' extra heavy chain, clasp attached for / a\n»\ greens also black and
seeves. Jersey knit, summer weight: In f \\ V .hmihler"; extra lon R , with VgUP sL^^m^^l^^^ belt, suede leather' lined. $4, f5 lOTi whit?'
vtiite only, price <v »»ik»c /' \\ a wlde hemstitched "hem. ' a t*'rV \K M *%jP '" bags marked to close 82.5O I a V^ Width No. 7— ALL STLJC
§ -LADIES' VESTS — Low /Ji \ \>Os AVhen you see them we are . ¦ . , - n AA , mn en. J% U\ V PLAID RIBBON'S f»c a
T\oT £,Vofer : ooT^,! %SI^ &Z0 SS Sa m ,r A Hnrry-Op Sale— Tbat Is in Shirt ' 60c Instead of $2.0C and $2.60. QB\ «*• No
•iSSBas.^S£#S " rice •-" II Waists. bSSS'SS ?8SI^SV.?S^: »J St!SFftAf*i!t^
crocheted edge. Price.] Oc Jjicf KfinPlVPd • FAI I nOOnS ARRIVIVO rocco. alligator and Levant kid, well a yard.
T .nipQ- TiniWFPs • 5 "CtCIYCU , rALL OUUUj AKKIVI^O. sewed, some sterling silver trimmed. width No 4ft_AT T «m k tavttvta
We .|» Taken Stock. ' Ai»a,s Consider Yonr Money Yonn
it, t^ l? 66 t °P ega s ! lk: P^ce- cutters for ....7.1c 40 and 42. $1.00. $1.23.- $1.50 quality now We find we have too many LACES Until you are satisfied then,!,
ScKnJf X^'S.^SUS :' The Material Will Cost You m : "¦' ¦ ""¦ ZaZS&$St& °** """ ot the SSTSf^WJSr'SiSS^^
Mifel^i^^llSSitS 2L>- Another Surprise to Us, and it Will ,,-P^ .#l \f
LADIES' DRAWERS-Made of Vega ! ¦ i-v f n » fThnrn ¦ )^ Rft tfl Yflll • 17 incnes wide > star and ' SS?C of a near silk pad and belt JifJp
silk; straight band, umbrella shape, ASK IOF 1118S8. , M 1>D iu iuu. ttlet design; now. «Oc yJ ' A/^M attached: has four straps of i(M\
trimmed with fine torchon lace; in pink, LADIES' PETTICOATS *&*?1 Tlle celfbrated T.A VIDA ALL WOOL LACE. /ftJBl/A frilled lisle elastic and mptal *'.|S!U
blue and white .*1.<)() made -of heavy fast black JMgfe^ an<1 XV - B - SAMPLE COR- «Q r. inches wide, diamond button clasps: in pink. blue. &£^;i
m French moreen, trimmed AMmgb S1 hF S -, ,\ .. , ,. -™ and pointed design, good «««W»x red and black: try u pair and » J »»
InStg'ld Of f f)r, with a y-inch accordion M&fiSSB&F Y e ho \^ ht th . e PV at .. hal S V fast black. crocheted KS^V) hereafter you'll wear no oth-
IJilOdU Ul oUU. ? pleated flounce and nnished fflF price, and you will buy them f.S\ edge; now.... 1 r>c a yard era; G. A. R. week 23c
LADIES' CROATS-Made of English with ruffle and tailor stitch- , the same way They are forj*A TORCHON LACE liW it w n mi a
madras made of plain striped and flg- ed band; - all lengths and liberal in madfi °f 68 * lm .^'l e n d -&/A real in looks, real in !J Sl. HdY6 YOU Sedl Tlieill ?
••'-* 1 -™ n^we^^maderV 3^: tlKjf wear but not so in TIIE NEW SHOESTrScJ BELT.
MnthPr, itfpntinn" No Lady's Wardrobe Is Complete S^V^nS'Sti S^eb^Sa^SSe^Urgn.: now.nc yd Jt££&&iiz^>&\*&:%&
lflUlllCrd, AlLCllliUll. withnnt nno nf then t inipu' cwpat genuine whalebone, bias T-) * . VALENCIENNES LACE. % - inch and black, black and white • fringed
THE E Z wrs nr rnii'ivt 1 waists M«flp if hand gored. They are bet- wide, real patterns, washable, feather- ends. The small store's price 7%c
WAIST-Made of It?am Bh?2ik y5Si fancy^jersey knit ter made than the general run of cor- edge; a piece or 12 yards for 2."ic ..,.,., . . .... r . ?«.«„,„
patent jersey knit K f^JT\ . hiSTrollIns rrolfar". " kia^Ht ting beeves.' ««»• b o e } n ? h ! a 7 e P i eS inS«lal ISd 8 work" v n p* a v U A An* Uttle IteUlS at-Llttle PHCBS at tilff Small
Ammh,, S^Sr&sS^^^aH -^.^ beu ma erlal and work You.Can Stand on Tour Head and Go store With the Smallest Prices.
fts y & a b^ve 8 ni SMf^ sfe The sma11 S?^? %$%*&?£ £S 3s"5^ vHS^BioS Where Yon Please, HAiRPiNs-Extra n™
t & tln &n^u V ££'^ 3^m Remnant Day in Yeilings or Beautifiers ,8:S §SS!!S"::::::::::::::::$if:?8 Eut for Value in Handkerchiefs You r c Sch^ O ur tha^
ing tape, which Made of chiffon, tuxedo, horsehair ef- !!?•£} ?, ua H} y r — gU'tMt Will NflVPP Pniial TllPQP • % apv MPASrHpCS
relieves the abdomen of all weight; fects. Remnants of the good selling veil. Jla.00 Quality »t..,O mil MUT L\\Ml [MM. T A. PE MEA SLR1 ES-bO V JJ T^
patent washable bone, so as to attach to -27 to 3C inches long. Prices, remnant '. - lT . „ . . n nmn n i o _»* :i LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS— Made U'lll not ierack- number* if II *"
pants; all sizes, at one price »5e t«C and 1.1c Whjf Not Feel at Home ? lSIl t it of Irish lawn, neat and narrow hem- both 5fd«- now \A/
Tf v . n •„* t^v: At n j n ii i Sale O'Farrell-Street Entrance. Vnnn Awn Qtnro ? stitch, hand-made initials... ,*»c apiece '....Piece "ic <wfc«L
If You Are Looking for a Good Belt at - iour.uwn btorer ladies- HANDKERcniEFs-Mad? tooth BRusnEs-Mada
* Iato DuIha rpj,« n fi-_ A i A n MtPTltinn Stmit Wftmflll «* Here are Bome offerings ¦ of pure Belfast linen neat and narrow of , ear white hog bris tles: polished
a LOW PriCe Then CODie tO US. AUCIUIUU, OlUlll HUmUl. »a in «id.. and buck combs igteBnoRfll hemstitch, soft bleached, ready for use: hani |, w; now Each lOc
PATENT LEATHFR rktt<! ,.,.n,i I^re is some hosiery worthy of your consldera- O^UHfirfJJl* Kc a^«lozen or ••;••""•• •••"¦^ < < **P *« V*! SAFETY PINS— Black or white; large
stfon- Yelets with harness Imrkf^' lllu<le expressly for you: fPlYrt tlon: made of extra heavy M||nJTjjJ // LADIES HANDKERCHIEFS-Made andsmaU aizt . s Dozen ;{«•
siron 0 t^eiets, -». th harness buckles m adeof superb lisle; 50 » /-* Italian shell, in amber 411tllf» //I , of oure Belfast linen, neat and narrow HOOKS and EYES-Sllver and black
"WHITE brcKor'cANVAs'BELTS Kaugc ' douffe V e , el an , d 1 J& i a ? A 1°^°^. "A^iv* nn? hemstitch, hand-made initials now. ... j^"^ small sizes. .7. !.2 D^zenlc
d; u b^ T Sd D^ I 8 \a O 0»e^h^fs B b E uS: gSSffiSSSfeSSS m^' B S^& th M$ g ?&t V °lhnot pull or DREp SHIELDS -The stockinet
m>%v l»f readilv Monday because figSitof scratch the hair; twelve different styles of f , xt ra heavy Belfast linen, hem- ln(1 : sl2 «- washable and odor-
LADIES' CROCHETED BELTS, P, they excel in price and i\W and shapes to choose from; all at ono* stitched, full size. .SI.^T. a dozen, or -. :••••"••; i;"^— •.••; •• PaIr h V*
inches wide, fast black, Hnished with, quality: Sow !>.•>«• r^S. ! price Uo« l-','«e apiece DRESS SHIELDS— Nainsook covered.
round gun metal buckle, now ir."»e sale O'FarreU Street Entrance rubber lined; washable; odorless; now..
j i8g3ss^^s$s£ ass • Good Hosier y From the Good store ' m&ti i^Tm k# II Is Comfort t0 Know "mend^o-s^^^^sss
k c o°r or^n %82!^^%3j£ M at Low.Prices. m m [ ™f*™JZ™«™ It when - you bu y her % when th l n \r d S^ o 5J5??;^™ e ?".r.^iiiS d SS
„ A „ ' ¦ . INDIES' HOSIERY-Made of fast .titiSHL. mQAUim Department. price IS not right, we make < ,t right. SHAWL PINS-Needle pointed: full
NEnlO COrSetS- — the fifinnillft Killd black Kngllsh thread; black boots with JWiXi t adtf^' DRAWERS VELVET RIB- three inches long; jet heads. ...2* for 5c
UDI11U I/Uiacia lUO UCI1U1UC MUU. ljght . f . t m pink bJue red AfTklk Made of soft bleached m^~ j^-~ ¦¦ v P* BON> i ast bIa^fe SHELL HAIRPINS-Made of line
_ :. Its a corset for the and lavender.- The smallest store with fcl-^ffl lin trimmrd with nn eleht- , \ -^k extra neav >' sllk Italian shell, smooth teeth, straight or
Jr<y, stout woman-it's self- the smallest prices lll^e hh§IX inch ruffle- made of wide gftk / U&B " ap ,- , %v , ith , . s i tln crinkly; tortoise shell in looks but not
€&7e?JJjSr [l, ablom. n '.TuT" CHILDREN'S- HOSE ! - Fast black, >^^t orJho n' "S iir£' f'^ 1 '^ f^ so In price..: 12 for 1 5 C
lllle* th?« Af Irl made of extra strong twlated thread Specla , - 0 ,. wide Special for BRUSH BRAID-For bottom of
J!h^fr,iiv wPik^H«2 Jersey ribbed, double knee, heel and '- :r *~ v Monday and Tuesday. 1 Oc a yard. skirts; black and all colors; made with
Sf^lS^StfhS^ to^m^m^ . SI Cleo, the New Hair-Binder, Sale OT *™ U - S^ «»*»—¦ p*j^*8^2£*ggS&ggSZ
S^&aSsS2Ea&iiS TADn 4 9C Ho S r te ld 0f ?Si bi u a Lovers of Pretty Keckwear at Low j^JSffSa^Sfe 1^
ferent Btylea to choose from; for me- LADIKS HOSE— Made of fast black ribbon needed when you U3e iW PHPP<! CKffl82«ESED tlan and floral designs; 35c and oOc qual-
dium or stout ligures; for the most ex-' Italian lisle, open work and I the lace ef- thpse; made o f ¦ Italian «* , HlWi. "»«mjb*— lty . now £- c
acting and those who have had their feet; special length and width and at a shell. smoothly finished; CC?^ £^S AnJ liere is one— tabs fel HOSE SUPPORTERSr-The kind you
corsets made to order, inspect these special low price.. 1J)C clasps the hufr; within '*Q3r aniJ collar made of em- wr sew on to your corsets; made of fine
We Jit them. Price 8^.7."» „ «, » o n «# everybody's reach; now broidered butcher linen, frilled elastic; patent velvet grip clasps;
„. _ . n • YOUr 6l0¥eS Are Seen FrOm Afar. IOC -buttonhole edge; now 12«C ln^black and all colors -r,e
Nn PrpminnT: nr PpiVpq o .i, . .v. .x • — florodora skirt lifter: n attaches
11U ndlllllllllb Ul rlUCk) CBtas&i See tnat tney are wortn see * to your belt and a clasp to attach to
But a full money's worth for every pen- »^i^ !n &- Indies' suede lisle m rr- k-^ *\ g\ R— n I ir^ (P- jX^ 4\ Tlir nniftr ...^^ your skirt and may be lifted to any
ny spent in this store. Example of one MfcS glove?, suede In looks and I fl I R" g#fl fi\B" itJHB «fl I THE PRICE-CUTTER height; made of fast black gros grain
of our ways of selling. Real hand- |5f suede in fit; made of two pat- U \3 L ¦ U \J \J I- 1 XI UJ L I \\J ribbon; metal clasp in leaf desfjn.
made Battenbergr square. 23x23 inches $3 E „„? Ha^n^ Atltchpil hack in - Price
square. Unshod with a 9-inch wide hand- Of B ' w«.k Xf .hn r himnaene 816 Market Street II OTarrdl Street HOUSEHOLD FKIEND-A needle-
made Battenberg lace in a fleur de lia M • T% black - also champagne. °'° ITlal I ** ;| - OUCCl.. li v I alien on CCL. book cont alnlns four packages of
design. Instead of $2.75 very special.... ' M gun metal; etc.; price matt nT?r>TTT?Q «3OT TrTTTTn needles, darning needles, shawl pins and
$1.85 *¦ j ,.... li.ic a pair MAIL UKUhKb i>ULi^llliL>. bodkins; all for 5 C
8, KAJSGHINSKI
Philadelphia Shoe Co.
10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.
I Adjoining' Call Buildinr.
GLORIOUS SHOE SALE
THE CEJ.E8RATE0 LINE
AT HALF PRICE
The chance of a lifetime. Every
one knows the justly celebrated
lina manufactured in Detroit.
for which we are sole agents and
which retails at $3 iO a pair. We
must difpose of some brokun lines,
but the firm refuses to allow us to
advrrtise Their name and cut the
Jirice. M'e will, however, offer their
celebrated line in ladles' patent
leather and vict kid laxre shoes in
turns and welt? AT jKl.To A
PAIR. A GLORIOUS CHANCE.
rs the Fho«s retail regularly at H
S3.D0. Sizes— , * B
AAA w!3e. 4 to 8 B .wide. H4 to 8 B
A A wide. 3 to H C iKl&e 2H to d I
A wide. 2\* to 8 D tilde. 2% toCVi H
FOR PARTIES THIS WEEK I
Receptions, halls and parties on B
every tide this week. We carry a H
complete assortment of evening B
ehoes. slippers and sandals. Spc- D
cial— Ladios 1 white k!d sandals H
¦j ranging in price from $1.00 to $1.50. M
* and ladies' Jinc-Ft vici kid Roman B
i cross strap sandals, with hleh n
', French heels. REDUCED TO B
S1.4."». Sizes 2's to 74; widths H
WILL STAND THE WEAR 8
[ CHILDREN'S SHOES. GI7AR- B I
J ANTKED TO WEAR; misses' and ft
I children's vici kid lace shoes, with H j
1 <-oln toes and patent leather tips, Eg i
I fitavy Kile* with extension edges ta j
| and spring heels — h.;
Child's j=iz«^y. C to S ST.c f\
i Child'* Fizes, 8'i to It.'. S»3e H
3 IClMOf siz.s. U J i to2..$l.lO N
[ CA.R SOUVE*SRFREE |
rating decorated with red. white H
1 cr.d biae given free with every pur- gg
Id! Etfjja Ewf H h ft Raj Ty tSBiIh
We don't guarantee to fill coun- B
try ordtrs on sale shoes. li
IB. KATSGHINSKlS
[J . Philadelphia Shoe Co. |
R 10 TEIED ET, Ban Fr&nclBco. B
i Pore, Pale and Sparkling. Bottled
Only at the Brewery la St. Louis.
j SOLO EVERYWHERG. \
ijiLo.-i-.r mercantile; co..
h iiWwii rrwi im ¦?*¦ ii d l
Amson/lB & Co.,
222 MISSION STREET,
C«n Fraad»co. Cat
h visit DR. JORDAN'S great i
?HUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
\ Of The Lar:-CTf Anxlomiol Museum in tbf \
A 77| ¦ Woc.d. Weaknove* or *njr contracted B
" rasK^N ° Ij "^ p»«l»l*«-ly«-»r«>dhythcolaeit J"
9 KJsi f&\ ¦ s i''- i - i:; ' vt " n ltt Coast- E»t 36 y-zn. O
A WB&h CR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ rff2?3H c - n-u.tition free *rd rtrictly pfirite. \
6 IX+i/H TfMtjnent prT»on»Hy «r by Inter. KQ
V f. Or q li /'wiPtpe «« n cwj- a« ujdntiiw. \
i B IT II fit *rtt t<* ««*• rvuiM*ornT»t A
* " if il^ «*r.»i.»«.i.. mailed rr.tE. (AT
i JJ II valuable took foe ram) A
V db JOBDiS A CO.. 1051 M»rkftSt..S. F. Y
SPECIAL OFFER TO MEN
*- ; EXTENDED TO SEPTEMBER 1st. j
| • ¦ In view of tbars "being ¦<> many* afflicted with
X* private and chronic pelvio diseases, who ara treat-
i~*f.£K infeT with quack gpeciallits and. inexperienced phyi-
/ \h\ iciana without receiving 1 any teneflt, I have decided
/ 5J& to make a «pecial offer to charge only one-haLf of
K - - Ma ' my regular fee for curing those who are now un-
jS3 ,aSf" «Id Aergoing treatment elsewnere and are dissatisfied,
F*l WS* <1 *5i| provided they come to me . before September 1,
( / ¦ ' - b iL 1903. ror instance, If yon are affected with either
\JkSd -I lost Power, Varicocele, Hydrocele, Stricture.
<*§3V ! V, n Nervous Decline, Piles or Rupture, my charjfo for
gkiytr* 9 / curinff either of which, without any complication,
H/». X ¦ is S50, I will cure you for $25, and accept the mon-
Mg&i ey ln any way you wish to pay. I will also cure. t
yT7\ A Conta*iou» Blood Poison for $SO, which Is Just half
I ~/J /. my regular fee. This liberal offer Is mado to «n-
1 z£] / ' able those to be cured who have spent their money
™ unrcuiv ** doctorin* without relief, and to show the many
r>n. HOLSMAN. who have heated jriXh dozens of physicians with-
. 1*8 Master Spe- O ut reUef that I have ti« o»ly methods that pro-
" | clallst. dnee a melon* curt. .
If you canhot call at my office, write me your symptom* fully. Many ca»es can
be cured at home. ", FREE BOOK describing my specialty at office or by mall.
CIV UAI CM1IM \>l |\ - Y2O MAR <ET STREET., Top Floor.
. IV. nULolYlAN, iVl./IJyi Hours-0 to W C«ily> Sunday 9 to 18In the State and Federal courts in this city recently we have had several striking exhibitions
of that' disease of criminals known as the "convenient memory." In its prevalence and strongly
marked characteristics, however, it is -working its ; own cure, as' most jurors recognize its meaning in
stantly and translate it into a thinly disguised plea of guilty.
The governments of civilized nations are now receiving the stiff and formal reports of the
Kishenev massacre, those post-mortem recitals of a horror. Enough red tape has been sufficiently
unwound to let the world know officially of the national crime which shocked civilized society.
Meanwhile, Russia considers the incident as closed. : -,
BLEACHED GRASSES— Miss A., City.
Grasses are bleaghed by the fumes of
sulphur. A barrel of sufficient depth, air
tight, is used. Across the open top are
placed two sticks, from which . hang the
grasses to be bleached. The lower end
of the grasses when hanging must hang
at least ten inches from the bottom of the
barrel. On the bottom is placed a flat
stone and on that a piece of red hot iron
or a pan of hot charcoal and on either
Is distributed a quantity of powdered sul
phur. The barrel is covered with the head
and over that Is placed a piece of old
Carpet to prevent the fumes from escap
ing. The grasses must remain in the bar
rel about twenty-four hours.
) A Brooklyn preacher found it upon himself to speak a few days ago, and in all the majesty
of simple eloquence declared, that American lynchers are murderers. This. seems to throw a distinct
and peculiar light upon a subject which- has been seriously agitating the American people.
COURSE OF STUDY— M. D. K.. Con
cord, CaL For the course of study in a
High School you should address a letter
of inquiry to the principal of the High
School of your district, who will furnish
you all the information you seek.' •
SALARY ROLL— J., Oakland, Cal. The
salary roll of those employed by the city
government of San Francisco Is, in round
numbers, monthly $190,000.
One of the pugilists who recently exhibited in this city— the defeated one, by the way — said
before the exhibition that he Ayould give His two arms to win. Jf he lost both his arms and retained
the power of a wagging tongue he would have saved to himself the only essential resource of his
trade. . / ' l ' \ n ' : K
-ENGLAND AND WALES— S., City.
The area of England is 50,823 square miles
and that of Wales 7363, -a total of 68,186.
LANGUAGES-P. E. D., City. It Is
said that the number of languages spoken
In the world, including dialects, is 3064.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
MUCPI is written about the deterioration of the foundation of the sentiments of life by the
progress of the artificial in civilization. But much that is written is wrong. As long as life and
death and human affection are in the world the sentiment which counts something better
than honors and wealth and society will endure and be among the master motives of men.
When all the sleepers in a Pullman were kept awake by a crying child, which its father vainly
tried to soothe by carrying it in his arms, and a rich man, accustomed to have his way and long for
getful of the gentler sentiments, angrily asked, "Where is the mother of that brat and why doesn't
she take care of it?" the father answered, "Its mother is dead and her body is in the express car."
Then the surly rich man clothed himself and left his berth, with tears running down his face, and
said, "Forgive me, if you can, but let me care for the child and you get some rest." A moment be
fore he would have scorned the suggestion thaUanything could have pierced the asbestos of selfish
ness with which years of indifference to others had armored his sentiment. But one touch of nature
had shattered it^and the fjroud man took upon him the service of another. .
Given the occasion and no wall of formality can resist the simple power of those ineffable
sentiments which endure. Not long ago Mrs. John G. Carlisle was driving in her carriage in the
crowded streets of New York, when one o! her horses was. knocked down and fatally injured. The
great lady, who had been by the side of her husband when he was,Speaker, Senator and head of the
President's Cabinet, left her and sitting in the street took the head of the wounded horse
in the lap of her silk dress, cleaned the blood and grime from its eyes and soothed it as best she
could. Nature and the softer sentiment that is with the common tie of fate and life, which make
us mindful even'of the sufferings of the beasts that perish, instead of being destroyed by civilization
or replaced by the artificial and frivolous, are as strong and imperative as ever.
Recently a father in New York had flashed to him the message that his young daughter had
sought the restorative climate of California, too late t^ cure her illness and that death was near. V In
a special train he began the long race with death across the continent that he might see his child once
more alive. Every track, train and yard man on the railroads he used knew the cause of his rapid
journey, and each was at his post, lest time lost in switching or coupling might prevent that last meet
ing of father and child, and as his train flew by the plainest people, gentle and simple, all raised their
hats or bowed their heads in respectful, salute to that father in whose love for his child all the world
In Chicago ten days ago the body of a drowned man washed ashore and was recognized by
th^police as that of a burglar. His family in the East? was wired to know if he should" be buried in
poner's field or would they receive his dust. They refused. Then a woman, certified as of good
character, came forward, simply saying, "I knew him. I loved him. I did not, know he was a
burglar. He was good to me. I will bury him." The stain on his life, the tragedy of his death,
counted for naught against nature sentiment. "He was good to me. I will bury him"; though
it carried for her suspicions, unenviable notoriety and a train of consequences from which even men
shrink, all was brushed away. Nature had touched the" affluent fountain of human sentiment. The
silent tongue could not thank her. The water- worn body knew not the cerements that clothed it,
nor the earth in which jt rested. But it had sepulture, and the pleadings of a faithful spirit
that the sins ayd errorsjnight be forgiven and the distorted life be transformed where all tears are
wiped away. ."•-'" , • ¦ • ¦ '. • . * V
FAITHFUL U3STTO DEATH.
ern Perm and alonar the watershed far
ther south. The imports of platinum into
the United States during: 1902 were val
ued at $1.9S7,0Si/, aa compared with $1,633,-
E95 in 1301.
Professor Kemp's paper contains a brief
description of the situation, topography
and geology of the Rambler, mine, which
is in Albany County, Wyoming, about
forty-five miles southwest of Laramie,
near tho headwaters of Douglas Creek,
In the Medicine Bow Mountains: a de
scription of the Rambler dike and an ac
count of the ore body Itself. Great in
terest was excited lat* In 1901 and early
In 1902 by the finding of the platinum
group of metals in the copper ore of
the mine and by the separation from the
ore of sperryllte, dlaraenide of platinum.
The metal has not yet been extracted on
the commercial scale.
A German inventor has designed a foot
cycle of improved construction, In which
the springs for raising the foot usually
found In such devices are avoided. The
support is thus- steady and solid, even
when the person is at rest. The driving
wheel is located under the center of pres
sure of the wearer's foot, and this en
ables the person to move In smaller cir
cles than with the usual construction.
The details of this cycle may bo
readily understood from the Illustration.
Two spring pawls are secured to an ex
tension from the footplate, and are adapt
ed when pressed downward to engage pro
jections formed on an -endless chain, but
to slide by the same when drawn upward.
The chain is thus driven forward posi
tively at every downward stroke of th»
foot, and its motion is communicated
through Intermediate gearing to the driv
ing wheel. A brake Is situated on the
forward end of the device, which may be
operated by downward pressure at the
toe to frlctlonally engage the driving
wheeL ' ~
Special Information supplied daily t»
business souses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Call
fomia street. Telephone Main 1043. •
Townsend"* California glac* fruits nnrt
candies. 60c a pound. In artistic nre
etched boxes. A nlc« present for Eastern
friends. TO Market st.. abore Call bid*. •
"Oh. I saw you In 'church last Sunday."
said Mrs. Oldcastle. "How do you Ilka
our new edifice?"
"I think it's Just grand," replied Mrs.
Packlnham. "but Josiah didn't seem to
think Its acrostics were good. He couldn't
hardly hear what the preacher said hair
the time."— New York Herald.
Tess— Some men are- awfully alow, aren't
they?
Jess— Yes. and they're «o agryravatlns.
There was one sat alongside of. me com
ing down in the car this morning.
Teas— You T&rn't trying to flirt with
him?
Jess— Gracious! no; but h© was reading
a novel, and he was never ready to turn
the page when I was.— Philadelphia Press.
A CHANCE, TO SMILE .
AUTOMOBILE chairs propelled. by
electricity will be used at the
World's Fair at St. Louis next
year. A concession was recently
granted by the exposition to a
St. Louis company, giving them the right
to operate the; new style chairs within
the World's Fair grounds. The chair is
the invention of Semple S. Scott and is
the result of nearly three years' experi
menting and designing.
It Is said that the machine has a uni
form speed of three" miles an hour, which
is exactly the same running up or down
a steep grade or on a level. The occu
pant has no control over this speed what
ever. The simplicity of operation is such
that anv one can readily run It. The
most desirable feature is the. fact that
the machine is provided with a sensitive,
guard rail. The latter is deemed the
most valuable invention on the machine.
If the machine collides with any object
or person a pressure of only a few ounces
pushes this guard rail back and causes
the wheel3 to become locked, thus bring
ing the chair to a dead standstill before
the machine itself strikes the object or
Each chair will carry two passengers,
one of whom may operate the machine,
or, if desired, an operator will be fur
nished, who will not^only run the ma
chine but will also serve as a guide td
explain all the points of interest. The
operator sits on a detachable seat at the
rear of the chair, from which point he
controls the machine, the controller and
steering bar being removed from the- front
and attached to sockets in the rear.
The report for 1902 to the United States
Geological Survey on the production of
platinum In 190i. now in press, is in two
parts the first being the report proper,
by Dr. Joseph Struthers. and the second
a paper by Professor J. F. Kemp on plat
inum in the Rambler mine, Wyoming.
The production of platinum from do
mestic ores in the United States decreased
from IMS ounces, valued at J27.52S. in 1901
—the largest output recorded by the Geo
logical Survey since 18S0— to 94 ounces,
valued at $1814. the smallest production
since 1S9.1. In connection with the plati
num there were also obtained from the
ores 20 fine ounces of iridium; as against
233 ounces in 1901. The domestic supply
of platjnum in recent years has been ob
tained as a secondary product chiefly from
gold placer deposits in Trinity and Shasta
counties. California. It is reported that
the metal occurs, though not in commer
cially rich deposits, in many other gold
placer>-of California, as well as in Wash
ington, Oregon. Idaho, Montana.' Colo
rado and Alaska. The Rambler mine,
"Wyoming, continues to attract attention,
and during the year a considerable quan
tity cf tne metal was collected, but not
marketed, by the Waraiah Minerals Com
pany at Kerby, near Grants Pass, Jose
phine County, Oregon. •
¦ The Russian sources of platinum sup
ply which furnish about 90 per cen£ of
the' total consumption of the world," are
comparatively limited. . The platinum
bearing ores extend along the eastern
watershed of the UrateMountains In East-
A fourth edition of "Miss Traumerei,"
by Slbert Morris Bagby, has Just been
Issued." The author has penned a beauti
ful picture of Franz. Liszt, showing In a
romantic way the master's home life and
his association with his ibeloved artist
pupils. The healthy love story of one of
the latter, a talented American girl, In
terwoven with historic old Weimar scenes,
forms the setting, and German roses, sun
shine and music, the atmosphere. The
novel will be welcomed by music lovers.
Published by the author, 18 West Thir
ty-fourth street. New York. Price $1 50.
"Girls of the period" were done to
death; young married flirts were stale,
flat and unprofitable: the historical rag
out was hashed to rags, and as for the
name of Elizabeth, he must flee from it
as he would from the devil. In all of
which chaff there is not an inconsiderable
amount of truth. *>•¦*> iV
The "woman with a past," he was ad
vised, was played out, as was India, and
the "man with a future must be kept for
boys' books only."
One writer said: "Avoid calling a spade
a spade unless you wish the circulating
libraries to light shy dr your work." \
Another said: "Don't call It an agri
cultural implement or the realists will be
down on you."
A successful lady novelist recommended
him always to make virtue triumphant.
Another enjoined him to make his heroes
quite white and his villains quite black,
so that they might be easily distinguished
by all who run and read.
An old hand advised plenty of plot,
with snacks of humor by way of refresh
ment.
Another said: "Just get hold of a good
advertising title and work up to It.".
Among hints that he received he noted
that he was to avoid children, because
heroes and heroines with encumbrances
became unmanageable. It was Impossible
to make them happy ever after.
He was told to steer clear of Incidents
which might lead him Into melodrama, to
shun "facts that are stranger than fic
tion," "stick to monosyllables," "forswear
dialects" and "beware of funny children
and garrulous old folks, cockneys, Amer
ica, kailyard, cranks and Celtic and
Gaelic curiosities."
A certain author, who is more of a
humorist than many would imagine him,
has written to the Morning Post telling
an amusing story of how he conceived
the notion of posing as a young, anxious
author.
He wrote to a number of successful
writers asking their advice on how to
work, from which it would appear that
authors must be a more than usually
good natured class of people.
Here are some of this Joker's gleanings:
who, from the retired manner of his life,
was not sufficiently acquainted with pub
lishing ways to enable him to put hla
work on the literary market in the usual
fashion. He therefore sent " the manu
script to his clerical friend. In order that
he might consider its merit.
John Lane's mysterious manuscript in
a red box, discovered by him, now that
the book Is published. Is creating a con
siderable amount of interest.
It was thought the mystery would be
solved immediately the book was pub
lished and that the unknown author
¦would be sure then to reveal himself—
tv hen the book^was found to be a success,
•which It undoubtedly is— but no, he re
mains silent on the subject.
The reason for the curious title of the
book Is Interesting, too. Mr. Lane did not
know what to call It. It- seems that Mrs.
•W. K. Clifford. Henry Harland, W. J.
Locke, Professor Yorke Powell and others
wrote, almost Eimultaneously, suggesting
that as the manuscript was found in the
publisher's red box it should be entitled
"The Manuscript in the Red Box." As
euch it has been published.
According to the Dundee Advertiser
Bomethlng has been heard of the author.
A certain clergyman belonging to New
port, Flfeshire, declares the manuscript
passed through his hands. He says that
It Is the work of a scholarly recluse who
resides either In or near Falmouth, and
About the middle of the month John
Lu:ie will issue i m.w contribution to the
Car'yle controversy. Its title, "The Ne
mesis of Froude," explains its scope and
•rfccti it is remembered that 'as; mont'.
eaw tue r-ublication of Froude's post
humous pamphlet, "My Relations with
Carlyle," the nature of the subject mat
ter is fairly evident. Sir James Crlchton
Browne and Alexander Carlyle, it is said,
expect this volume to clear Thomas <^ar
lyle's memory of the imputations of Ger
aidlne Jewsbury eagerly clutched at by
his biographer. Whether Miss Jewsbury
looked "a flimsy tatter of a creature," as
Mrs. Carlyle called her. readers of "The
Nemesis of Froude" will have an oppor
tunity of judging for themselves from the
portrait which appears as the frontispiece.
pany. The sketch was first pub
lished in the Britannia, in May. 1841.
under the title of "Loose Sketches," which
¦was probably intended to apply to a
fitrieh of similar tales. However that may
be. the. sketch was not reprinted until its
Issue in London, in IS91, in the "opuscula"
of "Tho Settee of Odd Volumes," which
were printed for private distribution. A
lirief account of "The Settee of Old Vol
umes" is given in the introductory note of
Xte present edition.
The book will be bound in paper boards
and has been printed by the Wayside De
partment of the University Press. A por
trait or Thackeray in photogravure as a
frontisniect; has also been added.
LONDON. Aug. 15.— A limited edi
tion of COO copies of Thackeray's
••Reading a Poem" is soon to Le
published by the A. Wesseis Com-
OXE OF THE THREE-MILE-AN-HOUR AUTOMOBILE CHAIRS WHICH
WILL. MAKE EAST WORK OP SEEING THE WORLD'S FAIR NEXT
YEAR AT ST. LOUIS.
FAMOUS AUTHOR. OXE OF WHOSE SKETCHES WHICH APPEARED
FIRST IK 1S41 IS TO BE REPUBL.ISHED BT THE UNIVERSITY
, PRESS IN* A LIMITED EDITION.
CALIFORNIA cannot expect that her welcome to the Grand Army will surpass in spon
taneity," hospitality or fervor the welcome given in any other State where the Grand En
campment has been Tield. The love felt for the veterans and the honor in which they are
held are the outcome of true Americanism and are found among all classes of our people
wherever and whenever # the veterans assemble. We may exceed other cities in the splendor of our
decorations and in 7 the extent and variety of entertainments provided, but the welcome .itself will be
no more nor less than that whicK is universal in the Union which their valor preserved from dis-
No oth'er army has ever received the popular honors bestowed upon this and no other army
ever so well deserved it. The veterans represent.the flower of the heroic age of the republic. Al
ready romance and tradition have begun to infuse that period of our history with the bright colors of
poetic imagination, and as the years pass it will become more and more the theme of novelists and
poets. The deeds of the veterans-will be enhanced by every charm that literature can add to them,
and yet nothing that* imagination can devise or art accomplish will ever equal the reality of that
stirring time when from all the homes in tlie land the young men hurried forth at their country's
call to fight the great battles that rid the land of slavery and our politics of the doctrines of secession.
What is now felt as an enthusiasm was then felt as a passionate patriotism that amounted to a relig
ion,''and the influences of that passion remain with us to-day and will be made manifest in all,the
popular greetings with which the Grand Army will be received.
/ While we do not expect to exceed the hospitality of other States in welcoming the veterans,
we shall have the satisfaction of receiving them under fairer conditions than are to be found else
where. They have come to the most generous spot in all this chivalrous land ; they will find here
more geniality of earth and f sky, more natural beauty, more abundant prosperity and more general
enjoyment than are to be found among the dwellers on any other part of the globe. Here they will
feel none of the sweltering heats that make the dog days of the East well nigh unbearable, nor will
they have to undergo any of the discomforts that harass large assemblies fn Eastern cities during any
of the summer months. The exhilaration of the ocean breeze will help us to make our reception
thoroughly enjoyable to all who come, while tlie profusion of fruits and flowers will go far toward
giving our hospitality a cnarm that can be found nowhere else. ;' . :
It will be worth while for even the busiest of the visitors to give some time during the en
campment to a study of the resources and industries of the. State. It is through their valor that Cal
ifornia is a part of a republic extending from ocean to ocean, and however great may be the demands
of the encampment upon them, not one of them should return home without having learned much of
the wonderful State to whfch they have come. Thanks to the work done by the California Promo
tion Committee ample information is available to all who desire it, and it can be obtained under con
ditions that make its acquirement not a task, but a pleasure.
California's population is composed in well nigh equal parts of men from every section of the
country east of the Mississippi. Men from east and west and north and south have made their
homes here and helped in the upbuilding of the State. Our population is therefore more compre
hensively American than that of any other single State; no sectional feelings exist among us; it is as
an American people that we welcome the army and extend to the veterans the best that we have of
The wearing away of the strength of the organization; the diminution of its numbers, has
now become a familiaj; thoiightfin the public mind, and the sentiment of patriotic regard is mingled
with that arising from the consciousness that within a few years the veterans will be no longer strong
enough to make journeys across the continent and hold grand encampments on the Pacific Coast. So
it is with a deep and tender feeling of love, 'as well as of patriotic loyalty, that we welcome them now
and offer them all that is ours. - '*'
WELOOME'TO' THE GKFL.A.ISnD JiJRIMrZ'.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL.
JOHN P. SPRECKELS, Pr oprjetor . . . ...... .,.,:. ... Address Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager
SUNDAY .1... AUGUST *6, 1903
Publication Office ........... <S$^jaS^> .Third and Market Streets, S. F.
THE SA35T FKAS CISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, AUGUST 16, 1903.
SAFE AUTOMOBILE CHAIRS
Propelled by Electricity
TO BE USED AT ST. LOUIS
NEW EDITION OF SKETCH
From Works of Thackeray
SOON TO BE PUBLISHED
30
' ADVEBTISE3CENTS.
•'. GOOD NITO UPRIGHT ' . _^
FOB 9147.
A N ,?h.™ E f^™™?«L' I 7 IEM AS GOOD AS ANT YOU. CAN BUY FOR $323 ELST3-
r* where, fully guaranteed for ten years, with privilege of exchanging at any time within
exchange fSr * Gabl \ r \ KreI1; Steger « Ilelne or *«* ° tIler ot our *S«nci eS you may wish to
c» ? The^J? 1 t^^T r . e Or 5v 1 " ke *P one of th8 largest manufacturers In the United
tat whKhfsTot Jfpiani, 8 .*^ 3 haDd " ° a ° f ° Ver Pr<XlUCe ' "* "*— PrtCe * WlU
«n^^"^°H*i^ rg viCf» llre fV.V C^^ kerlns ' |t83i ?'Emenoii. $115 to $165; 2 Stelnway. *1W
and f21o; 3 Heine. $235 to $395; 1 Conover. Wai new Wi- 1 Behr Rrr>« MaO »!-. «om.
1 Mason & Hamlin, Wai., new. $325; 1 Krell, "mall >Tu MaNr new MViw li%
ITEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
IT CUBED THE DOCTOB.
Hew Scientific Dandruff Treatment
Becommended by a Physician.
Mrs. Mary C. Crawford, Oakesdale,
Wash.: "Herplcide cured me perfectly of
dandruff and falling hair."
Dr. E. J. Beardsley, Champaign, III.: "I
used Herpiclde for dandruff and falling
hair, and I am well satisfied with the re-
sult."
Alf R. Kelly, 2135 Devisadero street, San
Francisco: "Herplcide put a new growth
of hair on my head. Herpiclde does more
than is Claimed."
Herplcide kills the dandruff germ. "De-
stroy the cause, you remove the effect" —
cures dandruff, falling hair and prevents
baldness. Sold by leading druggists. Send
JOc In stamps for sample to The Herplcide
Co., Detroit. Mich. -^.
Sf Headachy
No heart depressant or narcotic, but a
brain dearer and stomach settler; it brings
the lirer and bowels into bealtby action.
. Vtei by American PhvnnaKt nearly my rart.
COc •ua»l. HDnyrcliUorbTrotllfrom ,
THE TARRANT CO., 21 J«y Street, N.w York jSlowly Dying From His Injuries.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 15.— Little hope* Is en
tertained for i the recovery of . Leon • Car
ter!, the 'aged capitalist, who was thrown
from '. his buggy and j badly injured about
ten days ago. 5 He has been slowly^ sink
ing for the past two days." Car teri ; moved
here ;from San Luis Obispo County a. few,
years ago. He has 'large' cattle and farm
ing Interests in the southern part of tho
State.;.: '?-_":< , :: '-\ . > f • ;
PTJTS ON EVENING DRESS
,• AND DRINKS POISON
Daughter of Wealthy Manufacturer,
Unhappy in Marriage, Takes \
Her Own Life.
NEW. HAVEN, Aug. 15.— After array-
Ing herself In evening dress for a dinner
party, Mrs. "Arthur E. Bradley drank car
bolic acid and died in the presence of her
parents and family. She was the hand
some daughter of Loren H. Stannard, a
wealthy' manufacturer of this city, and
lived at his summer place, Woodmont-on
the-Sound. : ,
"1 will be with you in a moment," Mrs.
Bradley called to her brother, with, whom
she was to attend the dinner, then'go
ing into the next room she swallowed the
poison. The brother, bearing her groans,
ran into the room and found the burns of
the acid on her face and shoulders. Tho
rest of the family were called and a phy
sician summoned, but the : young woman
was beyond aid. Mrs. Bradley was un
happy in her marriage and recently sep
arated from her husband, - i'
Will Instruct in History.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Aug. 15.—
Henry Lewin Cannon, whose appointment
to an instructorship In history was made
a few months aeo, arrived at the uni
versity to-day. He came from Cincinnati,
Ohio, where he has been teaching in the
University of Cincinnati.
Soldiers Enjoy Bay of Freedom.
6ANTA CRUZ. ¦ Ausr. 15.— The regular
regimental and battalion drills were dis
pensed with at camp to-day and the mili
tiamen were free until dress parade. A
ball was given this evening at the Dol
phin boathouseand a reception and party
at the Sea Beach Hotel In honor of the
officers of the visiting reciment.
Brings Suit to Hecover on Bonds.
WOODLAND, Aug. 15.— O. E. Perrigo of
Oakland to-day filed cult in the Superior
Court against the Fancy Fruit Company
Corporation of San Francisco to recover
the rum - of 559 .000, alleged to-be duo on
bonds held by the plaintiff. It Is alleged
that the bonds were issued February 4,
1902. bearing interest at 8 per cent, pay
able Eemi-annually. and that neither
principal, interest nor any part thereof
has be*en paid. The sum sued for repre
eents interest for eighteen months.
San Jose Lc^es a Pioneer Citizen.
EAN JOSE. Aug. IS.— James C. Stillwell,
a pioneer of this city, died this morning,
aped SO years. He was a native of Henry
County, Ky. He crossed the plains in
1846 and located in this county, where he
engaged in farming. Stiliwell started from
the East will the ill fated Donner party,
but separated from it before Califprnla
--•hs reached. He leaves eight children.
SAN DIEGO, Aug. IS.-District Attor
ney Carter to-day filed a complaint
against County Assessor Rush and his
bondsmen, Jacob Gruendlke and Richard
O'Neil, charging the Assessor with col
lecting personal property taxes in, cases
where the real estate was sufficient tp
cover any lien which might be levied for
the collection of such taxes, this. It being
claimed, being contrary to law. The Dis
trict Attorney alleges that Rush has il
legally retained the 6 per cent commis
sion for collecting and that the county
has lost money, his complaint alleging
that the Assessor held out the inducement
that if persons would pay to him this
money they would escape the tax .for the
eupport of the schools. It is charged that
the Assessor retained as his 6 per cent of
these collections $363 25, and that taxpay
ers avoided the tax for school and edu-
rational purposes in the sum of $2733. Suit
Is brought to recover from the bondsmen
J37C2 S3. The County Assessor states that
he is given by law discretionary power to
rcake the assessments levied by him.
Speci&l Dispatch to The Call
REDWOOD CITY, Aug. 15.— The parti
tion suit brought by A. S. Baldwin
against the Regents of the University of
California was up for hearing to-day be
fore Judge Buck on the referees' report.
The land which it is desired to partition
corsists of some 25W acres, situated near
Menlo Park, being lands formerly owned
by Miss Jennie Flood and by her deeded
to the Regents of the university. The
property is now owned by Baldwin and
the Regents ln equal . shares.
The referees appointed by the court to
make a division of the land gave to Bald
win 1326 acres and to the Regents 11&3
acres. They found that the value of the
property given by them to Baldwin is
worth 514.216 22 more than that set apart
for the Regents and they ordered that
the plaintiff pay to the defendants the
sum of J710S 16. \ ¦
The Regents are dissatisfied with the di
vision as made by the referees and desire
to exchange tracts. They claim that they
should be permitted to bid upon the
tracts. A bid of $10,000 was made by them
to-day for first choice and the money de
posited in court. It is stated that the
Regents are willing to bid even higher.
The hearing was continued to a futur*
day.
BUENA VISTA, Colo., Aug 15.-At 10:30
o'clock last night Denver and Rio Grande
passenger train No. 1, which left Denver
at 9:30 a. m., went through a bridge near
Nathrop, eight miles east of here, caus
ing the injury of fourteen passengers.
The most seriously injured:
Mrs. Hopkins, Albion, Ohio, bad cut
left eye and internal Injuries; Mrs. Lath
er, Pittsburg, face badly cut, slight in
ternal injuries; Mrs. G. K. Knapp, Mil
waukee, sprained knee, badly lacerated
leg; J. P. Kapp, Milwaukee, right leg
broken; Fred Brlzer, San 1'rancisco, bad
ly bruised about head and face; Mr: Ben
ning, Corydon, Iowa, slightly injured
about face and head; C. Conly, Eldorado,
Kans., severe bruises about head; J. D.
Smith, Muscatine, Iowa, injuries about
body; B. O. Brown, New York City, bad
ly sprained knee; R. O. Pavllla, Wash
ington, right arm badly Injured.
The wreck occurred on a bridge weak
ened by the flood, which last night was
almost a cloudburst. The flr3t engine of
the double header passed the bridge and
the second got over excepting the tender.
Thfe baggage car went through and was
smashed to kindling.- The baggageman
Jumped and was not injured. The smok
er and chair car were turned partly over.
The passengers injured were mostly in
the tourist sleeper that was. turned on its
side in the ravine. The dining' car and
two sleepers remained on the track and
the diner was converted into a hospital
car.. ¦ i .
A wrecking train with a number of phy
sicians was hurried from Buena Vista at
ll;30 o'clock, and it was not until 3:15
this morning thsft the injured were
brought here. That many were, not killed
outright was marvelous.
On the Colorado and Southern near
Schwanders, six miles west of here, a
wreck was reported at 3 o'clock this
morning. The engineer and fireman are
reported seriously injured. Further de
tails have not been received.
The passengers who were badly injured
were removed to-day to the hospital at
Salida, Colo. Five of them are reported
to be in a serious condition. They are:
Mrs. Hopkins, Albion, Ohio; Mrs. H. L.
Lather, ' Pittsburg, Kans. ; Mr. and Mrs.
R. J. Kapp, Milwaukee, and John D.
Smith, Muscatine, Iowa.
NEW YORK. Aug. 15.— Operations ln to
day's stock market were made up large
ly of professional trading. The profes
sionals were inclined' to work for a re
actlon. owing to the rapidity of the week's
recovery in the market, which might be
assumed at once to have been of a vul
nerable character on the long side of the
market. London evidently took a gloomy
view of the situation and had made in
roads on last night's prices before the
opening here. The. selling by the arbi
trage operators quickly carried prices
down to the London level. There was
also free profit taking in Amalgamated
Copper. After the London selling was
completed there. was a pause, and then
a vigorous recovery which retrieved prac
tically, all the prices. This was appar
ently ln anticipation of a favorable bank
statement/ Tho statement did not meet
this expectation.
The loan contraction in view q£_ the
week's augmented buying of securities
might have been regarded as an unpleas-
District Attorney of
San Diego Files
Complaint. .
Fourteen Passengers Re
ceive Serious In
juries.
Not Satisfied With the
Partition of Flood
Tract.
Many Factors Contrib
ute to Reaction in
Stocks.
SAYS ASSESSOR
VIOLATED LAW
REGENTS OBJECT
TO THE DIVISION
COACHES CRASH
THROUGH BRIDGE
PRICES REBOUND
WITH VIOLENCE
YOUNGEST SURVIVING VET
ERAN OF CIVIL WAR, NOW
IN CITY. . «
CAPTAIN EUGENE MERRICK.
who arrived yesterday in company
•with General Black, has the hon
or of being the 'youngest surviv-
ing veteran of the Civil War.
He enlisted at Camp Fry v in Chicago,
February. 1, 1865, when he was Just 12
years of age. Badly as soldiers were
wanted about that time th'e youngster
found considerable difficulty in finding a
recruiting officer to accept him, but after
repeated failures he found an old fam
ily friend, who took him into his own
regiment.
Merrick's boyhood days were passed
near Yorkville, Kendal County, 111. His
two brothers enlisted and the little fellow
contracted the war fever in violent form.
He presented himself to the mustering
officer, who told him he was too young
and tender to stop rebel bullets and ad
vised him to go home and grow older.
Five times the youngster was turned
down. In desperation and still undaunt
ed he left home and proceeded to Chicago.
He found at camp Fry an old friend of.
the family, Captain Frank A. Buys, com
manding Company C of the One* Hundred
and Forty-seventh Illinois, and on Febru
ary 1. 1865, the. name of Eugene Merrick
was added to the company roll.
Merrick enlisted as a soldier and for
two weeks shouldered a musket and did
what he could to master the drills and
duties of his new profession. At the end
of that time Captain Buys, fearing a rep
rimand for having enlisted so tender a
youth, made Merrick a drummer. The
regiment, which was organized under the
third call, was ordered to the front, but
did not see much hard service, being with
Sherman in the fag end of the Georgia
campaign.
Merrick likes nothing better than to re
call his boyish experiences during that
grim time. His martial spirit was consid
erably dampened, he confesses, the first
time he found himself under fire. His
pride held him to the task he had under
taken, however, and he stuck It out to the
end. He was mustered out January 20,
1S6G, at Camp Butler.
Captain Merrick "has always been ready
to serve his country in its hour of need.
During times of peace he does his duty
as a good citizen. When the late war
with Spain was declared Merrick again
volunteered under the Stars and Stripes.
He enlisted and received a commission'
as captain of volunteers. Through no
fault of htjt own he took no active part ln
the campaign, his regiment getting no
nearer the front than Key West.
When Captain Merrick enlisted in 1S65
he promised a wbmaiv who took great in
terest in the .little soldier that he would
neither smoke nor use tobacco. He has
abided by that boyish pledge throughout
his life. He is a convincing speaker and
occasionally takes the stump in the in
terest of 'good citizenship.
OAKLAND'S ENTERTAINMENT.
Veterans and Families to. Beceive
Many Pleasant Trips.
OAKLAND, Aug. 15.— Ten thousand in
vitations will be issued to members of the
Grand Army to visit Alameda County
next Friday and partake of the hospital
ity of the cl'tizens of Oakland and the
surrounding towns. ,
The special boat will leave San Fran-
Cisco at 9:30 o'clock and will make the
run to Oakland by way of the Oakland
harbor route.
The visitors will be met at the foot of
Broadway by the members of the local
Grand Army posts and escorted to the
Willows, where the address - of welcome
will be delivered. Luncheon will be served
at 11:30,: after which the members and
their families will be at liberty to take
any of the excursions to Hay wards, San
Leandro, Berkeley, Alameda or Piedmont
and return.
The Grand Army badges worn by the
veterans will be recognized on the special
boat from San Francisco and on all the
excursion cars of the Oakland Transit
Company. This includes the .families of
the : veterans as well as the members of
the Grand Army themselves. ,
At the meeting of the executive commit
tee yesterday Mayor Olney was appointed
a committee of one to secure the speakers
for. the reception. . *", \
The battle flag of the California cavalry
battalion, which was presented to the
battalion' by the citizens of California at
the outbreak of th<* Civil War, will be
carried lm the Alameda County 'day 'pa
rade by General D. W. C. Thompson . of
Santa Rosa,
« The total subscriptions to date amount
to $2248 25. ; -¦¦ .. '
Notwithstanding th« larger buslnasa on tha
Stock Exchange, the dally average of bank
clearings was S19O.00O.00O. or S1S.0OO.00O be
low the average in the previous week; the
clearings on Saturday reflecting Friday's bust
ness, were $214,895,309. Comparing changes
in loans, nine of the larger banks show a net
gain" of $1,600,000; one of these Institutions
Increased this item by $3,000,000. The changes
In specie by several of these banks Indicate
a nst gain of S2.200.00O; one institution lost
S2.000.000 and another S1.50O.00O. while thirty
banks gained $3,900,000.
in surplus is therefor* an offsetting favorabl*
to th« somewhat adverse. Influences of the other
Items - of the statement. Computed upon th«
basis of deposits, less these of I37.235.60O puh
lio funds, the surplus reserve is J30.372.45O.
The loans last week were $3,010,300 ln excess
of deposits, against $424,000 la tho previous
week.
Joseph Vallot. the French scientist,
whose observatory is located on Mount
Blanc, has the highest home ln the world,
being 14,000 feet above the sea level.
ant surprise, but the -sentiment of the
market seemed more' influenced by the
loss of cash where a considerable gain
had been hoped for. The market sold
off again to about the lowest, with net
losses of a point or more for some of
the principal active stocks. The down
ward course of the stock market termin
ated for the present with the plunge of
last Saturday and prices have rebounded
with some violence this week. It waanot'
without the air of some forcible measures
in the way of support for the market by
large buying coders and by a relaxation
of the pressure for .liquidation of loans
that the decline was arrested. Monday
morning saw an ingathering of influen
tial men in the financial world recalled
from various quarters by Saturday's
events and it is commonly supposed that
the results of Monday were the result
to an extent of concerted measures among
bankers and capitalists. The mere fact
of the arrest of the declines had the
effect of lightening the selling pressure
upon the market caused by the destruc
tion of margins and the constant shrink
age of collateral. There was some fur
ther, selling of collateral out of loans
early ln the week, causing a continuance
of some of last week's rumors of finan
cial difficulties overhanging the market,
but the absorption of stocks was of a
much more confident and determined char
acter than for a long time.'
Liquidation of a very large foreign In
debtedness has been an important ele
ment in the weakness' of stocks, "as""in
dicated by. the high level maintained by
domestic bank loans by reborrowins for
payment of forelen loans.
Of more immediate consequence ln Wall
street were th« increased dividend rate
on Canadian Pacific from five to a six
point -basis and the representation of St.
Lrfmis and San Francisco interests ln the
Seaboard Air Line directory. The latter
particularly was .of a stimulating: effect
upon the market, 1 as indicating the pos
sibility of new developments in commun
ity of interests as an outcome of the ex
tensive sales of shares in various repre
sentations, v
Bonds have recovered in sympathy with
stocks. United States old 4s and new
4s registered and 5s have declined % and
the new 4s coupon & per cent on call.
NEW YORK, Aug. 15.— The Financier
this week says:
The dlsappolntlns features 8ho*n by the
ofndal statement of the New York Associated
Banks were the decrease Instead of the qutte
confidently expected increase in loans, and the
loss in cash reserve Instead of an Important
gain which was foreshadowed by the prelim
inary estimates, which were based upon, the
traceable movements of money during: the
W ?he cash reserve decreased $2,257,800. while
the estimates called for an Increase of $3,442,
700 The Joans decreased $1.351.500,. which. *um,
added to the loss of cash, would make $5,509,
.".00 less deposits. This item, however, de
creased $3,647,200. or $2,327.900 . more than
the total decrease of loans and of cash; hence,
the statement dl<t .not balance. The required
reserve was diminlnhed $2.2.14,300 through the
decrease in deposits, so' deducting this sum
from the above noted- loss of canh leaves the
almost insignificant reduction of $2.1.500 ln sur
plus reserve to $21,563,575. This slight change
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, SUNDAY, AUGUST 16. 1903.
Captain Eugene Merrick, Who Shouldered a Musket in
I Great Conflict When but a Child, Arrives in San Fran
cisco, and Is Greeted -With Warmth by Grizzled Heroes
YOUNGEST VETERAN OF WAR
ENLISTED AT TWELVE YEARS
31
, ADVEETISEMEIITS. . J
iiWHITEHOUSE
Special Reductions
French Furniture and China
Foirth Floor.
To Make Room for New Goods
Limoges 'Plates, w./^ 5^ $ 1 .90
Limoges Plate?; $ 2.25
Limoges : 9Xki<b$v**ii i*« $ 3.00
Limoges Platesj^«/^
Limoges Plajes, pw^ a >*i^ $ 5.00
ATTRACTIVE AND UNIQUE PIECES OF FURNITURE
Greatly Reduced.
/ COR.Po^r&KEARHY 5t3.
ADVEBTISE2OLNTS.
fMcDONNELL'Si
PHARMACY
...106-108-110 GrantAve...
REMOVED
To 803 Market St.
r Next to Corner of Fourth St. \
i _________ j
Same Clerks.
Same Complete Stock.
Same Efticient Service.
r^ameModerateCha^es. )
SPECIALTIES
Advertised by Responsible Finns of S. F
MOBPHINE ELASTIC
p|&/!^JSly STOCKINGS
1 NO SUmaiNiJ. Suspensories.
U TL lf-11 11 L f» M * de t0 Order * l to *
m Th- WUIo-BarkCa.
1 39 Polk St., 8. T. JOHN W.HOPBWEIX*
__-________-__-_, Rooms 3-4. " ' .
HOTELS AND APABTMENTS.
the ALCALDE flats
725 O'Farrill St.
STRICTLY FIRST CLASS.
The most modern apartment-house •west
of tho Rocky Mountains. Handsomely
furnished throughout. Housekeeping data
Of TWO. THREE. FOUR AND FIVE
ROOMS. Fifty-four private baths; elec-
tric elevators; long distance main l!n«
phone in each flat: dumb waiters: electric
lights; laundry and dryer; all sunny rooms
ln a most respectable neighborhood; only
five blocks from all leading theaters and
center of business district. Call and see for
yourselves. THE ALCALDE. 725 O*Far-
rell st. Phone Private Exchange 7C0.
121 ELAINE
APARTMENTS.
532 Turk Street, Near Larkin
THE MOST MODERN AND
UP-TO-DATE APARTMENT r : t —
BUILDIN'O IN THE CITY.
FURNISHED or UNFURNISHED SUITES
FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
. Private exchange phone: porcelain baths;-
- hot -and cold water Li every suite; ¦eleva-
tors; janitor service; exceptionally fine lo-
cation. »
QBBnH_aH_nEHa_3naiiB_i.n
S ' HOTEL 5
GRAYS TONE
¦ 66 Geary it.; phono Bash 880. " S
¦ Elegant suites and single rooms, with *
m baths. Strictly modfrn. high-class lire- B
¦ proof hotel. Centrally located. The gg
J™ finest moderate priced hotel' in the city. — |
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦—¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦a
The BRADBURY
Under New Management
16M CALIFORNIA ST., COR.- POLK.
Elegantly Furnished Rooms and Suites. Ex-
c«llent Table. Homo Comforts- Phoa* Hjrdo
xnu : .
ADVEETISEMENTS. . '
i • loss of- their gif lisb forms '
13-51X7 ' ' ( after marriage. The bearing •
All of this can be aroided,
however, by the use of Mother's Friend before baby comes, as this
great liniment always prepares -the body for the strain upon it, and
preserves the symmetry of her form. Mother's Friend overcomes all the
danger of child-birth, and carries the expectant mother safely through
this critical period without pain. It-is woman's greatest blessing.
Thousands gratefully tell of the benefit and relief derived from the
use of this wonderful '__»'"' __? ft _f
5ra£ §Woth®B*'s
book, telling all about > jgaasr & _f -
This liniment, will be sent free. E3 B&$$0pb^SffW
Tb Brrifldd Emitter Co., Aflaiti, fia. B M »»WW
. MISCELLANEOUS.
i I I ii M-sai ** oup ****** «top la froat of your door, your nelgH- ¦¦¦¦¦
bor« know you pay oMh for your furaltur*
3P PATTOSIEN'S ill
GREAT SALE OF
(M 'IC SfdCbOardS WavDflWn low THIS SIDEBOARD— a great bar-
THK niKTD nA / T UADTH Ci **n ail * * *»aj wown LOW rain— nne quartered oak serpen-
IU12 VlMK WV»LV nOKlH $4.S<0-Sideboard, largo glass cjop nn tlne * ront drawers, heavy carv-
v+z^. — v and heavy carving Ings. French plate A l^- /mm
We place on ~- » 130-value. with serpen- ciQ en beveled glass. 16x28. <L7| 7C
«al« a limited (frto-UWt' > « c t e lne T rront ' thia *&** 5>lo.5U * base 22x45. A J35 tfiL\ m Li\
number o f VlMM'Sal ) — Large pattern oi (on nn value ¦.»•—¦ v
thesa fine vU IP' # ««£ r eV/ J oU effect, now. . *?OO.UU r.
quarter- _>^c <2* w— pideDoara with ; ex- Coo nn ¦ -^sgsr^y?S=>\ s?7?\
Rawed oak full B ; 3 ulsit « scroll carving.. S»O- : .UU .>. <N /^^^^^^* E 5^ >< Q--iv^ : *^
box diateg fl ft 59 ,°— A , design almost pa- Q Aft nn f^^^T#^^fflW &?
Btrong can" H^-, IS J3 , 5 -^ a i te , rn - nicely fln- oop l\(\ <\ -^>i5 ~ '**<? JT %£$- JM
seat, polished I VljWlf lshed *, lar & e elass, only «>^^.UU .liUi -^f^r ~^g^; . ffiiZl
In poldenoak. L»^ fl MB BuffCtS , ' '^pJ^^^ v^T^^*U^ l M^.V^ J^^^
valul thC rCal n WEATHEBED OAK-Old mission )W" ' Jjj '~ ' " ""',"""^?\ I
If // a ? ed ..f! a f! $60.50- v fisT -if 11 .. W MamS
j— -, \\\ ao&zs'szr OAK — Dainty "little affair. \J*% j ••' - -7, W/ffi&fflvJ
.^~***<,'\' .-^rjry with portable tray.... . Qio fff| \ffl7 I *^ ' {• w \ui*\V
flF rLEMISK* * " * OAK— A " " ' peculiarly , W j 4' L _^3
, J- *-»^Enr^ll u^«iue design. . ....... $|7 # 5Q ' T^ffi % ' * % M 1
n I II OOMIiar "oAK-^-Sefpentlne ' front. C/l) , _• M' 1 ''/
' \^^u== bJi\ gla88l ' 8x4 °- •••••¦••:••• $48.25 •ff'y.^ _rl -.--_, %:A
\\ \\\ E^tt' WEATHEErD OAK — A commodl- *• am'""''-"'! r'lr - nlr— "¦¦¦f- * - ¦V-TrT75 a SPia»B3
M \\\ ' l\ ; ous bu ff*'t, with chinaeon O " ' ' L +V1 l yJF g ' ''""¦¦' ' =M **zSc3 cm= ?Z?P"
I * China Closets ¦ !;^Jjfcligfe ' ' *&i &\
W ... . J26 — GOLDEN OAZ, with French- g.'.'."-7~nJ~l»"T| iiT, ~g r ->-^=rrrr&£ i '
; I? r p ! at . e . i ™!"°. r .. !? p : :.: : : : $17. 75 ' :^ L j -¦ .v \
rit . ' _ . 535— COHITEit CLOSETJ a hiph fln- ¦'"-'¦iT >*-—
uthers Low Priced ish roi f nd lass front $23 00 ' '
L»pathrr*eat !<2.1O J50— MISSIOW CIiOBET, all quaint '¦ \i ./f^; "t /?^ W ""^'^ ',! '
K:n* toox «cat S2.9O features in weatheredeoo of r/^— ' * yL>N 'i^'v — -" J )•
Trety lyre, hack .i'JJiO oak . it. *. . ..„ .K_---7ife:-- \ ' Xl ,
Kin* cane -sear ; SI.IO- Com bimi 1 1011 BuffetS (, . L>^ S?" 2? '
Leather6e * t ?!•-» JSO-Value-China closet and buffet U'.fcr'S^" WtP: i i ' *'
ARM CHAIRS ¦ •.5&4U.UU s, Ck^- •"Sa SP-^' A\\\ \(Jk
$120-Pattorn — Canopy-top china % .t^^V^TJV^ yg._<?r- 1 wJi' '\nyypl
56 00 — Golden oak cane <>* «y- • closet on both sides COO ffn lL <a/ C/
seat with French Jeps.. P^fr./O (fi - "—^ v — Z2Z-7 Vi^iJ/'
$10.00 — Weathered oak, a <j— ' Off ' J75-Closet, 20x22 shaped Qffl (\f\ . lliv^
restful j>attern «p/.^U French plate glass *J»«#I.VU **£p
L^rmSm^M EXTENSION TABLES.
¦ ' : * It if 1T>^8 The NEW ones are here— a whole carload— all the new
_^<T .» -U^ 's&y patterns of the best makers— the low prices we quote to-day
¦ i j "Tx^r are marvelous.
. -yiMSSi * 4 * Roun <l Table.*2T-no $20 Round TabIe.JR12.5O
\~ _^ ~ — ; ¦ _ . ~~~^^^i J14 Square Table.!* .s^5 jjo s-iuar? Table. i^.'tS.OO
[ iji - —¦ *^ ¦— r Py f # Rounrt Table. *34.(>O . J:;o Ii<;upd Tablp S1O.5O
Vajf U*F| n~" _ ' fr iii $25 Square Table. «1«J.5O $40 Square Table. 624.75
ff-i\ htl' %J L^Vd iG J12 Round Table.JI 7JM> *75 Round Table. S52.O0
E .9 )*yj Vt3t iM~^ MF J20 Square Tabl«?.*13.OO $10 Square Table.* ti. 75
h-% (feS h^^ P°"3 ilia THE ILLUSTRATED TABLE — -
ffHa M v'h B*^ Z!X There never was offered its equal Se< * suprlemfnt to
'CTTiB ft" , iftl &n# T»3 for less than $25. A finely fln- thl " ad - ln to-mor-
\\\* 8 £& Its tflTl ished golden oak. 44- A M , _ A r o w • s Examiner,
" • $16.50. I PAffOSIENCO.ttiSf'
uorth $25.00. •
®| We llonor Those . Who IP
M Fought for the Flag ' 1
Hill Because they are a lasting credit to\American valor. iH\\-
///« The ( world-famous , v « " \\\\\
H EVERETT E*I AINO M
///// is an honor to American , genius,- because it has x moved \\\\\
**///// : the status of piano quality up a few notches in the scale lll\\
///// 1 of." progress." \\\\\
IIIH .The Everett Piano is yours on the most liberal terms. • \\l\\'
Ml BASEMENT BARGAINS This is * • n " ew de - v \\m
III//' .""V 1 -!™^ 111 . .. *"*iw«ii»y_ parture with us, l»\l
lull but it promises to be a popular one on account of the re- lttll
Will markably ; low prices at which we offer some good pianos. llilj
Illi! Here are uprights, squares and grands. . Some have come . jlljj
I} HI ¦ tp us in exchange, others were rented out, many are prac- 111 I
IIJIJ- ¦ tically new, all are in excellent condition. . Better investi v ; if II
Illlr gate. They are real bargains. .. ... Jlil
\^ 1 931-933 MARKET STREET M
vJJS, . SAN FRANCISCO.
\CS&. BRANCH, CORNER NINTH AND BROADWAY. MffInsolvent Merchant.
John T. Barnes, dealer In typewriter
supplies at Ban Jose, filed a petition In
insolvency yesterday in the United 8tates
District Court. He owes $1077 arid has
S230 assets. •
Hlg-h-rrade printing pays you and » we do it.
MyaeU-Rolllna," 22 Clay, the flrst-claaa printers."
MISSION RESIDENTS
BIG FACTOR AT POLLS
At Meeting- Last Night They Axe
Urged to Vote f oi Bond
• Issue.
The Mission Park Club, an auxiliary
of the other improvement clubs of the
Mission district, met last evening' a£ the
Turn Vereln Hall on Eighteenth street.
During the evening many speeches were
made by residents of the district on the
importance of working at once to In
duce the Board of Supervisors to make
generous appropriation to improve the
district. SfeSraJB^wgBbdaSB
' - The Rev. Father Crowley was among
the speakers. He said that he jiid not
believe in talking but in working; that
should his services be wished he, would,
be glad to serve on any committees that
the club wished him to act on.
# He was followed by H."Mulcreavy.
He urged the members of the club to
use their efforts to Induce all their
friends to vote In the coming election in
favor of the bond issue, and stated that
one-third of the voters of San Fran
cisco resided in the Mission district"
and they would all be greatly benefited
should the bond issue go through. J o
Connor and E. P. E. Troy also Bpoke
during the evening-.
Bringing In Bunko Men.
George W. Loomls /and George Bell
alias Stone, well known bunlco men,- were
arrested on Market street yesterday by
Detectives Ryan and Taylor and locked
up In, the "tanks." , They were accosting
strangers and telling them! air about* the
arch, preparatory to Inveigling them to
a room and fleecing them. Every* bunko
manwhois seen on the streets will- be
Tr»pp«r'»Oll cure* rheumatism and neuraliu.
DruMlau. 50o flask. Richard # Co., 40« CU/. •
A. B. Wellington'and family of 'Ver
sailles, France, who were to have ' en-
Joyed a month's sojourn in this city,
were suddenly called to New. York yes
terday by a message announcing the Ill
ness of Mrs. Wellington's mother, who
is a resident of that city.
A party of German- Americana from
St. Louis, who have taken advantage of
the cheap rate to the Grand Army En
campment, arrived in this city yester
day and are registered at the different
downtown hotels. Among those ¦• in i the
party are: J. c. Gruchten and wife,. C.
Hilke and wife. H. ,W. Blennann and
wife, William Schluter, J. P. Rlechus and
wife, Peter Lohnan, Anthony Nacke.
Fred Graubuer and wife,. George Werner
and . wife,' - J. H. Notterbrook and wife'
Charles F. Kevis, August H. Grote and
wife. Nick Heius and wife, L. Hoffmann
and wife, William Kreh, Mrs. L. Dou
nann, Charles Koeniecke and .wife H
Riche and wife, William Suesmyer, G*
W. Klute. August Fick land wifey H.
Rusckhanyer, John Buck and wife. Mrs.
Barth, John Koch, L. Landoogt, Casper
Teager and E. A. Erdbriegger. / .
their Journey northward,
E. O. McCormick, passenger traffic
manager of the Southern Pacific Com
pany, departed yesterday for Seattle,
where he is to deliver an address before
the Trans-Mississippi Congress.' "
General Robert R. Beath, a past com
mander in chief ,of the Grand Army and
at present a member of the administra
tive council, arrived from the East yes
terday and is registered at the Palace.
The Louisiana and Texas delegations
to the Trans-Mississippi Congress at Se
attle, headed by President John H. Klr
by, arrived In this city early yesterday
in a special car. The party remained
only a short time and then proceeded on
* * AI m; Smith, proprietor of a health're
sbrt at San Luis Obispo, is at'the'Lick,
accompanied - by. his . wife.
Charles W. Snyder, a well-known mer
chant of San Diego, is i here j on . a' short
business trip and is registered at the
Occidental. •
• James .-Fullerton, ' a. i mining -man.-with
headquarters at- Red Lodge, ,Morit.; r ,is a
guest at the. Grand. - - . - ..— ¦¦•.-•
. Ex-Railroad Commissioner E. B. Ed
son, of. Gazelle is among, the . recent ar
rivals at the Occidental.' ¦ ' ¦ '
R. B. Crowell, a well-known ''¦ mining
man. of Toriopah,' is. among, the -arrivals
at 'the Grand. , "\ "' V • '•"-."> ¦ '
-Charles R.- Drake,. a /well-known resi
dent'of Los Angeles, is a guest at .the
Palace. ' '¦ . . ' - •
W. E. Duncan Sr.," a mining man of
Oroville, is spending a few days at the
Lick. -...'.- •;¦ '.;.: ¦-.- . : '--
1 Assemblyman Aubrey Lumley of Por
tervllle is spending a few days in the
city.
Governor John Spark of Nevada reg
istered at the Palace yesterday.
W. W. Middlecoff. a Stockton attor
ney, is at the Grand.
R. M. Green, ' a mining man of Oro
ville, is at the Lick.
PERSONAL MENTION.
At 10 o'clock last night the people re
siding in the vicinity of O'Farrell and
Laguna streets were startled by the re
port of a gun emanating from some one
of the large apartment houses In that
neighborhood. Many rushed into the
street to inquire the source of the shot,
but no one seemed able to solve the
mystery. As inquiry after Inquiry failed
to bring forth the origin . of the dis
turbance, nerves became more tense
and visions of Red Shirt Gordons and
other things began to appear, and there
were hysterical apprenensions of get
ting the other barrel.
,The police finally made an Inspection
of the apartment house situated on the
southeast corner of Laguna and O'Far
rell streets, and in a room on the top
floor solved the mystery. A young man
'resident of the house had been offering
entertainment to another young man
friend of his who gave the name of A.
Von Dulm.
Just what the exact nature of the
entertainment was, was not learned,
further than that, from Von Dulm's
statement, after refreshments had
been served the young men proceeded to
make an inspection of a gun which they
had secured for - the purpose of 'going
hunting in Oakland.." and that in exam
ining the weapon to see that it was
properly loaded to protect them from
the big game that abounds in that wild
suburb the piece went off. The police
evidently thought the hunters were jus
tified in taking every safeguard, and. re
gretting the accident, left without mak
ing any arrest.
GUNSHOT ALARMS
THE NEIGHBORS
. The midsummer social of • the : Puritans
will be 'given on Friday evening.- August
2S, In the Social Hair of the Aricibnt'For
esters' -building. A committee has f been
appointed 1 to, brrange a programme of en
tertainment and one of dances. ¦•'¦ ''.¦•"" "V->5i ,
The Puritans.
The junk and second-hand dealers in
this city Ti-cn a signal victory in the Su
perior Court yesterday, when Judge Sea
well declared unconstitutional that por
tion of an act of the Legislature of 1891
and 1903 giving the police power to search
junk shops for stamped bottles used for
ale, beer, soda water, etc. The decision
was rendered in a suit for a writ of pro
hibition brought by a junk dealer to pre
vent Judge Conlan from proceeding with
his trial on a charge of having bottles
belonging to others in his possession. The
writ was granted.
The act in question provides that the
Young Hoodlum Sentenced.
Tory Joseph, who was convicted by Po
lice Judge Mogan on a charge of battery,
was sentenced to pay a fine of $150 yes
terday, with the alternative of serving 150
dsys in the County Jail. The sentencing
of Frank McDermott was postponed till
to-morrow. They and other young hood
lums were abusing a Chinese on Sunday
night, August 2, at East and Market
streets, when Edwin Orrett, bookkeeper
In the purchasing department of the
Southern Pacific Company, remonstrated
with them, and they turned upon him and
Go out to-day and see the monster bal
loon ascension and hear Blum's celebrated
Band of Soloists at the above new fam
ily resort on 4 Ocean boulevard, two-blocks
south of Cliff House. Admission free.-i--.
New Coney Island.
JUNK DEALERS
ARE VICTORIOUS
The San Francisco Eye
Is almost constantly irritated by wind
acd mineral-laden dust; inflammation,
redness, itching and burning, followed by
granulated eyelids, are the results.
UUB1KJ3 ETE REMEDY gives quick re
lief. Doesn't smart; soothes eye pain;
makes weak ryes strong. Your druggist
or optician eclls Murine at 50 cents. •
owner' Is only required to go .before a
police matristrate and make an affidavit
that he believes that the person against
whom the warrant is sought to issue has
bottles in his possession belonging to him,
and .' the Police Judge should thereupon
issue the ¦warrant.
On April 10 last the bottlers of this
city procured over 100 search warrants
and gathered up their bottles in various
parts of the city and had the Junk deal
ers taken before Police Judge Conlan.
While -Judge C.onlan was hearing the case
the junk dealers, through their counsel,
sued out a writ of prohibition before Su
perior Judge Seawell, contending that the
act permitting a search warrant was un
constitutional, as being In violation of
the ' California constitution; that : search
warrants should be confined to cases of
public prosecution for the suppression, flf
crime and not for the maintenance k of
a. mere private right, and that the ' act
made the police officers mere searchers
and collectors for the owners of bottles.
Attorneys Bert Schlesinger, T. C. Coo-,
gan and Julius Kahn represented the Junk
men.
Calif ornians in New York.
,P N^rW YORK. ' Aug. .15.— From San
Francisco : W. j O. Franklin, at the Man
hattan; ' C. ' J..;TV r oll, at the "Winsonla;' J.
K. ; Adains. J Dr. I. R. Fenner and wife, at
the -Herald* Square; "W. J. Dunn, at. the
Murray \ Hill ; Mrs. C. . B. Kauf mann. at
the Holland ; | J.- H> Livingston and wife,
at the' Astor. From Los Angeles: S. M.
'Angela,' at 'the- Kensington; Rev. B. "W.
Taylor, at tthe; Sinclair."" ".
i "Jerusalem and the 'Crusades," which
the Hlnglings - say'- Is the ¦ largest and
grandest : spectacle ever devised and pro
jected . in America, is the .main novelty
presented, in the world's, greatest shows;
which . will • appear : in San Francisco for
eight days, from September 7th to the 14th
inclusive.- "Jerusalem' and the Crusades"
vividly tells the story of the^Holy "Wars.
It commences at the Council of Clermont,
in France, where Peter the Hermit is ex
horting thepeopleTon'to the Holy War to
recapture ,. Jerusalem from the hands of
the Saracens, : who • at that time hold It.
The opening scenes show knights or oid by
tlfe hundred.' radiant and. costly costumes,
and , over, six hundred horses gorgeously
caparisoned. — A 1 , horse . ballet is intro
duced during, a change of scene and next
'the spectators are 'introduced into the In
terior "of the ' Emir's - palace within' the
walls of, the Holy City. Here for the en
tertainment of" the voluptuous court is
presented; a. ballet employing three hun
dred young and agile dancers and a grand
chorus : of - two . hundred fresh young
voices. :- While the revelry is at Its height
the sounds of battle are heard outside
and the Christian ' troops break through
the walls and once. again capture toe
Holy City. Magnificent scenery plays an
important part in the production and all
of the costumes are htstorlcaly correct.
"Jerusalem and- the Crusades," together
with all the rest of the wondrous novel
ties/which include more than 100 sensa
tional circus acts prepared for the amaze
ment of amusement. goers by the Ring
ling Bros, this season, will be presented in
Frisco when the '.world's greatest shows
come. to town. ¦-.. ' .: ' • - . •
The .World's Greatest Circus Will Be
.Here in September. .
TUNGLINGS AEE COMING.
-On or about- June Sand-June^lB barges
containing: 4972 sacks of wheat belonging
to the Eppingers. intended for Crockett,
were shifted over, to the McNear ware
house - and ! placed- to the credit • of ; the
American National Bank. This latter
deal was, reported to have been made to
satisfy Mr.- Bowles, when he suddenly as
certained that there was no wheat in the
Crockett warehouse to secure " his bank
for advances, he had Just made on wheat
In that warehouse, which was supposed
by him to have been delivered there only
a few days previous to the failure*-
"While the barge was lying alongside
the i Crockett i warehouse, it Is alleged,
parties •representing the American Na;
tronal Bank caused this same barge tobe
loaded ; with grain to her fullest capacity
and : were in the acf of taking it away
when the receiver appeared and forced the
banking contingent to put back all the
grain on the "dock, ' excepting the 1100
sacks that A had originally . been- on --the
barge. On . June V 9 the steamer. San Joa^
quin No,- 2' removed'the 1100 -sacks from
the Alabama and took them away, no one
seems to know where. ¦ ¦';... . •¦ ;
It is alleged that on June 3 there were
shipped on the barge Alabama from. Mon
roeville warehouse 6317 sacks of wheat,
consigned to Eppinger & Co., for Crockett
warehouse. And it is alleged that while
this shipment was en route Mr. ¦ Bowles
of the American National. Bank' began ; to
press the Eppingers, for an accounting.
To temporarily^ arrest any proceedings on
his part they agreed to divert the course
of the . barge" Alabama and her load of
wheat..from: the- Crockett warehouse and
deliver the same to the -keeping of Mr.'
Bowles. • At" this very instant, however,
the other creditors came in and forced an
issue^. but for* some reason- known only
to the Eppinger ; company they issued or
ders to have, the barge proceed to- the
McNear warehouse at Port Costa and de
liver the^ wheat to Mr. Bowles. Here all
but 1100. 'sacks were unloaded, this latter
amount being tien sent over to the
Crockett" 1 warehouse. "
The mysterious and extraordinary inls
doings'-of the Epping«r contlngrent Btill
come to light. The bankers interested In
the failure of 1 th©* grain firm have dig
covered another one "of their "cute"
dodges.' This Is In the shape of the hand
ing over to the American National BariK
a barge Joad. of wheat' at the 'very; mo
rn«nt they had passed their 'business into
the hands of the receiver. ".
Grain Intended for Crockett
Is Shipped Instead to
Port Oosta.
American National Bank
Receives Oellateral
After Failure.
MORE EPPINGER
TRICKS EXPOSED
THE PAN "/'FRAN CISCO CAUL, SUNI)Ay , AUGUST 16, 1903.
arrested' and kept In Jail till the Grani
Army Encampment is closed. *> : * l H
32
I""1fiiS, HOSIERY,
UNDERWEAR.
This week we will havc'on sale some
extra values in the above departments.
1000 pieces Nos. 5 anl 7 300 dozen LADIES' FAS?
Dest aualltD WASH TAF- BLACK COTTON HOSE,
FETA RIBBON, all shades spliced soles, heels and toes
.-...5c Yard • " sc HalP
I 1500 pieces No. 7 LIBERTY f fOO dozen extr a aualltD
SATIN RIBBON;, extra fine S He rmsdorf due, in
quantum a run line or new 'mac^ an a white feet
colorings : . 10c Yard or wn jte sole . . . .35c Pair
¦ 1200 pieces No. 60 WASH 250 dozen LADIES' BLACK
TAFFETA RIBBON, meas- LISLE THREAD HOSE, ln-
ures 3^ Inches wide- and^ cluilng lace andjmljpold-
comes In 30 shades ered erfects, In great Yarletu
I5c Yard 50c and 75c Pair
enn T^iornc c iWrh wAca 200 dozen CHILDREN'S
taWa p?rph5 K FAST BLACKCOTTON HOSE,
TAFFETA RIBBON In all mh mB rji um and heavu
the leading shades, lnclud- weight, extra spliced-, all
lnghlacK 20c Yard sizes 25c Pair
500 pieces 4-lnch SATIN l£0 dozen LADIES' "SWISS
TAFFETA and douhle faced RIBBED WOOL VESTS and
LIBERTY. RIBBON, all DRAWERS, non-shrlnkahle
colors ... 25c Yard .....$1.00 Each
*o C n / z , \cn.nrn * ™ MEN'S EXTRA
250 pieces 4-lnch SHADED HEAVY AUSTRALIAN
RIBBON fOP P1110W Ruffling, WOOL SHIRTS AND
15 new^comhlnatlons ...... DRAWERS, sizes from. 30
........25c Yard to 50.... .... $1.50 Each
OUR SALE OF LADIES' MUSLIN UNDER-
WEAR WILL CONTINUE ALL THIS WEEK.
«
111, 113,115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
$3200 Cash
Given AWay
Owing to the unusual number o! visitors who
will be in San Francisco this week, we have decid-
ed to extend our $3200 advertising contest until
Wednesday to givethem a chance to participate
in same. f ' "
DO NOT 1 HESITATE TO ACT/ATONCE.
$3,200 in .cash was' set aside by us for the purpose. of determining which San Fran-
dsco paper is entitled, to the largest, share of .our ; advertising and -also, to crowd an
extraordinary heavy, business lnto'an otherwise dull'month. '¦'•¦• ¦¦ '• ' .'¦
¦ -. • A coupon •was -published in last Sunday's papers, and is herewith Issued once more. ,
t Cut this out and brlns lfwlth you. After you hav& selected your piano our cashier will
£ pay you the money for It, enough to pay. for one-tenth' of -the amount of any piano you
j have chosen out of our 'stock.' If- you live out' of town, send the coupon In .by registered
. mall. , Let us send you priceg'and- catalogues. -If • mailed -before Saturday night the
, coupon will be accepted -and applied on any piano you may decide to purchase. "
i CUT THIS OUT. 8-9-03. F. - $3,2OO. ' )
1 POMMER-EILERS MUSIC CO. { (Inci) ADVERTISIN6 \
TEST COUPON. I
This Coupon will be accepted by Fommer-Bllers Mn-
1 nlc ' Co. at .onr-San Francisco ' Retail . Salesrooms. ' il \
') presented before IO o'clock Saturday, evening:, Aunrnat )
1 ifJth, loon, and la Knnd for n. cash payment' equal to t
. one-tenth of the purchase, price - of any piano ln'onr
\ stock..-- . ' ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ' ¦ .-,-'.. . , ¦. s . . - '
( NOTE— We agree to accept this coupon exactly the same aa cash < ( '
\ on a piano or organ, and monthly.- or weekly payments for th« balance \ ,
r may be arranged to suit the convenience of any reasonable' buyer. . De- /
) livery of Instrument will be made Immediately, or at any time In the
( future, as desired. , . > • . ¦ ... '. -(
A STRAIGHTFORWARD PROPOSITlfiN.
Bear In mind,, this la a business proposition made ' for the purpose of making
August the biggest month in point of sales; also to enable ua to ascertain. which la the
most widely and carefully read newspaper. •. •. . . . -, ,. . . ¦
The same extremely low prices that have * heretofore ¦ proven such ' a revelation to
California piano- buyers, prices that are practically what dealers or agents pay whole-
sale for their pianos, will prevail during this sale.' . - •_¦• ¦ . .' |
THE FINEST MOST COSTLY PIANOS INCLUDED.
The foremost and very best of 'American pianos, such as. the now famous Klmball.
the old reliable Decker,' the beautiful and exclusive Hazelton, the Crown Orchestral
and 22 other various makes, are Included In this sale. • ¦ « ' ' r .'"'
Every piano is marked In plain figures; no , more ; la ¦ asked. > no less accepted.' - ' A*
child is able to buy of us as advantageously as can the shrewdest shopper.
LOOK AT THESE PRICES^
Here are a few of the' prices:' Pianos for which you are expected to pay from $323
to $375 elsewhere can be secured now at Pommer-Eilers for $215 and $238. These in-
struments are first-class pianos, fully warranted In every respect. Payments of 98 a :
month buy them. •'»., "¦' *\
- Instruments that are usually sold for $250 and $275 are retailed now* by us for
$180, and some plainer yet very deslrahle styles go now for $148 and $157. Others aa
low as $1&1. Payments of $0 a month buy them. /
Beautiful, hand-carved .exquisitely cased Orchestral Grand . upright pianos that
V&nnot be bought elsewhere for less than $600 and $650, the most costly and most valu-
. able pianos made in America, finer than which no dealer can supply them, are. now
$386 and $418. Payments of $12 a month buy them. \
Organs range In price from $45 to $118, according to works, style and design. Pay-
ments $5 a month for the most expensive styles and $4 a 'month for the cheaper styles
buy them. . . '. ... . V. '
THE COUPON PAYS ONE-TENTH.^
• . Remember that the above' coupon pays io per cent or one-tenth of the total amount
of any instrument you select, and the , remainder may be paid in cash or in monthly
payments, as above described. . , - -* -' •
. Do not fall to look at the line of pianos that are now offered on payments of $1 BO
-a week...-.- ,,. ¦¦-.¦•--¦,/'•- . :' . ..../"• ¦..•,-¦: ¦".¦¦•'¦ : ".': .'•¦ . • - r'; * ".-' : -
Why rent a piano? Make small weekly payments and own a fine new, warranted
"piano. • ¦:¦¦• / ¦¦ ¦...- ' : .¦' . . •• .= •.-.' . -' . ;
Remember, tool that you'are dealing with a thoroughly established; financially re-
sponsible concern. ' We have ; now three thousand satisfied customers : In >¦ California
.alone who. have bought pianos of us during the past 15 months. We guarantee abso-
lute satisfaction In every "instance, or no sale. ¦ ¦ , ',
COME EARLY— STORE TO BE OPEN EVEWNGSiv
. These coupons "are, good for. this week only. Do not put off going until It Is too
Mate. Call 'this evening or to-morrow evening. If .'you, cannot . come in . the > daytime.'
Store will be open until IO o'clock especially for this occasion; < Remember the number,'
O53 Market i Street, • POMMBR-BILGRS MUSIC ' COMPANY, California's
Busiest and Best Piano Store., opposite Lotta's Fountain. Other leading stores at Port-\
land, Sacramento , and Spokane,- Wash.
¦ -r~ ADVEBTISEJEENTS... .. , _._¦_ _. ___.
»S VISITORS ARE WELCOME f #1
ThUe eheets ar« We want to extend a welcome to the strangers who will be in \ lth »,, extra ;-nfi^ Dl ?
:°}.t nS^Mi^SS * he cit y du" n K the coming week. The hand of welcome will be given tJSrth ? i«S -each:
Facial 1 values, sp*- just as heartily to those who do not buy as to those who do. We special week
ciai price this week W ant you to get acquainted with the store, inspect the stocks and r \
42c feel free to come and go while ¦ you are in town. Use the store as a IOC I
————====!= meeting place and. consider us entirely at your service. H
Dress Goods for Fall Silk Specials.' New Suits and Skirts
It's gettin^irnlTow to think First>loor. Second Floor ; j
subject of fall An extra special-7.Sc 8sc and We are ready now to talk Tailor
STSd cowns When you arc $1.00 silks for 35c a yard. Sounds Suits m earnest. Only a few days
readv to select the material we are good, doesn't it? We have several ago we received a second express
readv to show you the best stock thousand yards of fancy and plain shipment from New York, and in
twVvir fnund shelf room in San colored taffeta, louisine and peau m it we found the latest ¦ style
1? * •«/« A few items from" the de soie silk to/ close out. That's ideas, fresh from the hands- of
1-rancisco. A fe« items irom the best garment-makers of the
MOTTLED CHEV- ar c all colors imaginable, world. We have maje our repu-
I0T-\ew fall designs, 45 to 56 but only one price.. Per cg c tation in the tailor suit business;
inches \vide and strictly all wool; yard : UtJ^ by always having the very latest:
incnes \\iuc «tuu j Another one— Black Swiss taffeta styles and giving the, best va ucs.
neat mixtures in all tne new ran ellk n 36-meh width: guaranteed; \y e j_ t nrn JL Kt . f ' i_-_ -. ,- f K .,
colo-inc^ with the bright silk the $1.25 grade win be sold this- week. vvc ao not propose to lose, it by
knob effects in contrasting colors; *»"* QSc failing in thesepoints.
worth $1.50 a yard; our O1 f)() T . . v > LOUIS XIV SUIT— Made of -
opening price J? r lxZ lTlfilfillM NeWS fine Quality black cheviot; with
BLACK STORM CHEVIOT— AIIIUIIIII15 MWTTJ blouse front; handsomely trimmed •
\n extra heavy weight, suitable "I always come here for the la- with black and white /braid; large
for outing suits and separate skirts; test trimming ideas," said a lady sleeves; full -flare skirt; regular
all wool and a reliable fast black; yesterday afternoon. She is only $27.50; special Mon^ &m nri
inches wide; worth 85c ZQ r onc of the thousands- that come day .... . . .-. *&*"• "."¦
a'vard: our opening price «^^ here for trimmings because they CORSET STYLE TAILOR
KERSEYS ANET PANNE can depend on us to get>just what S UIT-Made of fine quality black I
ZIBELINES— Two new and up- they want. We have some new Venetian cloth- entire sui t tailor '
to-date fabrics; the Kersey is 52 lines now andoffer the following * t ™™£. SSg De Vfe ct^ in flare-
inches wide and the Zibelines 44; specials for this week: & finisS Fn^rJ" deS; ¦
both are specially adapted for the Persian Trimmings, 1 inch wide, a a $30.00 value; spe- e? C /l/l
new long coat suits; full range of 5QC valu^ forj a yard . . . . . . 35c cial Monday at...... *t>6O.UU
ChHneTarf^orSi^o flZ Cotton Cluny insertions in ecru TWEED WALKING, SUIT-
d- our opening price -7OC and white; all new patterns: In brown and green- mixed; the*.
* SILK LUSTER MOHAIR— 2% inch width, yard. 10c nobby style for Fall; made in 27'-.
Tlfe heavv iron frame weave with 3 inch width> yard i 6c '"ch jacket style withrstraps ; .on
a bright slik finish; 46 inches wide; inch width ' d "o^ shoulder and belt; ; full sleeve; .
the colors are steel gray, garnet, 4 men mdth, yard -oc 6trappcd skirt to match; a ; $25.00
golden brown, navy, new blue and I . r -. 1 g|«J Sptcal U ™ $20.00
Slack; worth 85c a yard; jg Q. A. R. SOUVenir CUShlOD W^^^^M^^
our opening price \ fnvPrc %».?•• ? < 5 1- SK P?"~
j^ ote We sponge and shrink Made with graduated box. plait; at.-
by our new electrical process free First Floor * bottom and full flare; ] perfect, in",
of charge all dress goods pur- We have a very neat G. A. R. cut and fit; a good $7-SO <fC"r'/)
chased in our store. souvenir in the shape of a value; special Monday.. <P.*s»*'.y
«ot nDiDFDiFC Cushion Cover specially made r r ™ 1 ™"""7rr7T7^r!!T^r7777TT""^™^™
ART DRAPEKItb. for the occasion Ttis not oniv : ' -IMCWTapCStrlCS. - ¦.-
Calais Art Draperj"; 3u« what you lor ttie Occasion. It IS not Only We hay(j re £ lve(J a magnificent
want lor bedroom decorations. The gOOd to IOOK at, DUt- made tor line of new tapestries in the 50 Inch 1
de?ipr.s are mostly on the floral order service Top and bactf included width. They are suitable for couch. "
and there Is a b!c lot of them to select r» „*,... /^, «v.« . — 1, — coverings, portieres, cozy corners and
from. The width Is 3t> Inches Ciflr XT1CC ior me \\eeK A/) r furniture coverings. Tou can OfJ^,
and the rrice per j-ard Q .*...". U\Ji* eet them now -for. a yard \3\J\* .
. EXPEBT OPTICIAN.
The Coat of Arms
In the days of chivalry represented th«
qualities characteristic of the houso to
which It belonged. Th« trademark ' of
GEORGE MAYERLE represents the
HIGHEST OPTICAL SKILL.
Neglected Eyeslgrht Affects the Brain and
Causes Serious Bodily Ills.
Chief Justice
And Ez-Qoran^r Lord of Oregon
¦ eay«r .1 have been using- Georg-e Mayerle's
glasses for several years with great benaflt
to myself. I take pleasure In bearing; tes-
timony to their worth. My wife, Is equally
well pleased with her glasses.
GERMAN EYEWATER
ji jHlflfc Is a harmless and effective
j4£&3&HJEa remedy; It Instantly relieves
a 'l eye troubles, makes weak
eyes strong, diseased eyes
' . : well; of great benefit to tboie-
wearing glasses. Price 60c per bottle: by
•mall 62c. THE GENUINE BEARS THE
TRADEMARK — AN EYH IN A CROWN —
AND THE SIGNATURE- OF
GEORGE MAYERLE,
.German Expert Optician, Charter Member
American Association of Opticians.
1071 MARKET ST.. SAN FRANCISCO,
-, Opp. Callaghan Bldg.. near 7th st.
Phone South 672. --. " - Mail orders filled.
I have used a bottle of George Mayerle's
German | Eyewater and It has helped me
wonderfully.— Chaa.' Morgan, Rocklln, Cal.
ADVEBTISETgEHTS.
I Oriental Goods]
At Wholesale Prices
We Offer Our Entire Extra ria« Col-
lection of
Oriental Rugs
' AND CDRTilNS
At 25 Per Cent
! ' D!»cotmt from reffnlar retail prices.
We are sole agent* for
;, JOHN CROSSLEY& SOJTS fe
CEEBRATED ENGLISH CARPETS !
i Chas. M. Plum & Co.
; Cop. 9th and Market Sts. | ;
\ ¦,,..$
Lundstrom
T T .
nats
Have a reputation— a well-
earned and merited one at
that. ':¦¦»
They're uniform In quality.
They're always the best.
' If you're "hanl to suit" we
can ault you; we've bo many
ttyles. * » -
Our J2.50 Hats are equal to
any other $3.60 -sold, and our
13.50 Hats are $3.00 values. We
make them; that accounts for
our superior values.
Come and see. *
Pacific Coast
\ Hat Works,
The Only Hat Factory In the
West.
. 1458 Market Street,
¦ Opposite Central Theater.
Also 605 Kearay Street
. BEFORE AKTER
- FINDING) , ,
WM. HATTEROTH in his new es-
tablishment. 224 Sutter st. Flttinj
trusses, supporters. Elastic Stock-
Ings, etc. .-'•-- - ¦„
AJVEBTISEDCEirrS.
?_». .«fc «t.^. &.^. r.-.-.tr • »»s . &. - w. .^:?s: »,-. »> ¦ v* <* Jt..t^.<^ j». st <^.»-, '¦' Pj '-*:- y ¦^•^ m . :g& '^ l f 3
,ri-i ¦..»»—**».¦ II IIIIIIIIM ¦iiiBaaoDMOMMiiHiiiil aBnOK£DaHH
I RELIABLE MODERATE fl
t | GOODS. PRICES. i
s NOW ON DISPLAY, I \
I Correct Autumn Modes in
I Children's Headwear. • 5
J j JUST ARRIVED. I I WE ARE^SHQWtNG I ~ j
[ Complete Assortment 20 New Styles of Col- *
I of Children's and ored and White *
; Misses' Tailor-Madc Oxford Cheviot , *
\ Dress Skirts. Waists. ' • ' ' \
\ Junior Suits for Big Girls \
* Aces 14 to, 16 years. .'i • .
i / i *
i New 6tyle London long-skirted coat *
, effect. Special value 812.50 ' I-!*'s> ! ' - S
— ¦ ¦ • ¦ <
I Why Underwear of our own j *
I manufacture is the best/ \
I ¦. Because we use only the finest materials. $
All garments arc of proper widths and lengths. >
6 I The styles are new, exclusive and original.
i The laces and embroideries are made expressly for us. *
The factory is personally supervised. *
* Utmost care is used in the construction of every garment. - i
We have all modern facilities and employ the most skillful hands. S,
i Our factory is snacious. well lighted and sanitary. :
f Xotwithstandine the extra good qualities of our underjrarments
j the prices are very reasonable. :>*:;• ¦ fr
i Corset 'Covers 25c, 50c, 75c. 31 and up *
t Drawers 35c, 5Oc, 75c, 91 and up i
Gowns 50c, 65c, 75c, #1 and up r
Chemises 50c. 75c. $1 an d up *
t Skirts $1. 91.50 and up 9
t Two-Picce Bridal Sets 98.75, 91O.5O. 911.5O and up 3
j Eiderdown Sacques and Robes. I
A large variety of styles and colorings— this season's newest 3
* rfferts. * i
\ Sacques, made of all-wool rippled Eiderdown ' k
i\ «'\ "•¦ 91. 91.25. 91.56' and up t
Y Robes, made of all-wool rippled Eiderdown ... . *
,C 93.50, 94.50, Vs.'rio'and up I
I 918-922 Market Street ?
? Bend your name now^tnd you will receive our fall and winter cata
f logue free as soon aa Issued. J
c .".¦'.- . '. ' . ?
s tj^umijiim ¦!¦¦¦— iwi wimii imiiiini ¦ 1 jnniniMmiMJin im ¦iiumm m^ !^f. ' •• ... . ' - • • ' -..':•¦/; - '
PROMINENT. LEADERS IN THE FORTHCOMING ENCAMPMENT OF
•THEGRAND ARMY OF THE REPUBLIC * AND PHOTOGRAPHS > OF
VETERANS TAKEN ON FAMOUS ; B ATTLEFJELD OF : GETTYSBURG.
Famous War * Corporal .Has '.- Arrived
¦y vY'From the;- National Capital. "
i: One of 'the" most notable ; characters of
the *»army ,-:'of • veteran soldiers -.who ¦; are
congregating' here, '.Corporal -James .Tan-J
ner ; of ;.Washingtoh,lformer. Commissioner
of«Penslo*ns^and;at 'present Judge -advocate
general "J of - the^Graiid "Army.V arrived .. in
the { city yesterday * forenoon • and * is s top^
ping at the" California" Hotel. • As a lawyer
of » fifteen w years'- experience "i in • Washing
ton,. : he * naturally,/; is 'familiar.^ with . the
progress ; of <; national* politics and. is; easy
, to 'lead intoi a discussion of the affairs of
the -.'two : ; great -parties.'-y. He ; fails : to> see
where"' the .'Democrats" 'have ; a, chance'- of
"electing "a j President'- for^many^years-" to'
come, "i He is a' stanch ; friend of .President
Roosevelt 'and ¦predicts that- he .wiU^be «ref
nominated.- Corporal '.Tanner, believes .that
TAJOTEB .OIT THE SCENE.
*. .'.,." - v . — . . \ ... ¦*:¦
B'.ack of Illinois for the coveted position:
The , six . officers who accompanied Gen
eral.' Miles : have not 1 been "been , with him
since the close of the .war atTAppomattox
Courthouse. . The , officers are r as, follows:
Colonel Nathan" Church of Ithaca; Mich.;*
General John < S. . McEwen of Albany. N.~
Y.; Major Alexander Sweeney of Steuben-^
ville. Ohio ; .1 Major. J phn '. D. , Black . of-.Val
ley. City, jN* D > : General George .W. Baird, v
U. S. A., "of Connecticut,* and Colonel' H:
H.Adams of New York, -v . • .
Final Work 'Done
]
a Reunion.
Continued on'r Pa ge - 36,^. Column : 1 . •
• R*4uer-4 rate* on houivhold gary&t to tc- from
'to* Cut * South. Bckin'a. 11 liontcomerr. •
Sues Dairyman for Damages.
Mayme H. Dudley sued C. W. Hanfe.
owner of the Oakland Dairy, yesterday
for J10.000. Ehe was knocked down by
one of Hanfe's wapons on May 31. '1903,
and alleges that tr- driver was careless.
¦ As"published : In ,The Call yesterday,' Gen
eral ' Miles has ! positively announced \thkt
he is not; a' candidate "'¦ for the ; position -of
commander. in' % chlef ;of ; . the* Grand \ Army,
and he ." ..will \; support " General v John v ' C."
. The '• distinguished; soldier came ' to % the
Pacific ;Coa8t' In: a 'private i* car/and", was
accompanied' by, six . members of ifais . staff
during ¦ the "Civil. War.'- ' General"" Miles
stopped v en V route '* on \ his ; j overland .ftrip
from '.New,' York,? and 'he'was-.glven ; an
ovation rat every: point. .-> ¦'- ,..;-..<.-.
proceeded tor the j quarters * reserved -for
him at the; Palace Hotel.' •"•• • i-; i ¦,..:,¦
"General Nelson A. Miles, retir^, of the
United States army, arrived in San Fran
cisco at an- early" hour this morning and
Warrior and Staff Reach , City" at an
. . , Early Hour This Morning.
GElfEBAL MILES ABBIVES.
gagements for the coming week. He is a
brilliant orator, and will be very much in
demand at the different meetings that will
be held by 'ti rand Army men during, the
encampment. ,
McCullough Held for Forgery.
Jackson M<*Cullough was held to an r
Fwrr before the Superior Court by Police
Judge Conlan yesterday on a charge of
forgery. In $4000 bonds. He was accused of
having forged the names of section hands
on the Southern Paciflc road and securing
the money from the paymaster onDe
crrnber 11. He had been previously em
ployed as a section foreman. :
A regular old-line, established life insur
ance company will furnish life insurance,
either on the straight life or endowment
plan, with weekly sick benefits included,
at rates cheaper than those to be adopted
shortly by the Ancient' Order of Lnited
Workmen. Absolute guarantee and se
curity. No Increase in rates. Address
box 1CS4. Call office, giving full name, date
of birth and address, and a-sample pol
icy will be mailed to you.
Ancient Order United Workmen.
Members Take Notice.
Miss Elizabeth Jones. 306 O'Farrell
Ktrect, (swallowed bIx antiseptic tablets
early yesterday morning with the Inten
tion of ending her life. Policeman Davids
was notified and he rang for the ambu
lance, but the woman refused to go to
the cVntral Emergency Horpital. Dr. A.
W. Dougherty was summoned and he
soon pronounced her out of danger.
Tries to End Her Life.
joyable day ' in the Southern California
metropolis ¦ the Pennsylvanians started
northward at 9 o'clock this evening. They
will arrive at Monterey early to-morrow
morning and will leave there in time to
be In San, Francisco before 3 o'clock to
morrow afternoon. General Stewart, just
before the departure of his train to-night,
referred 'to the hospitality that had been
showered upon himself and party during
the, short .stay. "in. this city.' All along
the route, said the general, the party Mad
been the 'recipient of- a most cordial wel
come. •¦ He described In a most eloquent
manner' the impress! veness of . the pres
ent - pilgrimage ' into the land of sunshine
and to .the shores of the Pacific by the
great army of survivors of the mightiest
army l the world . ever saw thirty -eight
years after the darkest days of the great
struggle. '•'¦" Continuing, the .general said:
. "The' time' will soon come when among
the.buBy millions .of people of America
there '.will \ not be one survivor of that
grand, army that fought to save the re
public.- But before we are gone we shall
see "many -more stars of statehood creep
into the" blue of. the glorious old flag, and
It. is our: heartfelt; hope; that.no one of
the.new vwlll shine with less • luster than
ithose 'that preceded "it. When we have
finally all passed : away I - trust that the
old: flag will'- ever be drooped 'in honor of
the soldier and sailor dead who have pre
served it to .posterity.".
*""General|. Stewart', reiterated his previous
remarks made -at various places while en
routed toV California relative- to. lils suc
cessor* as '.commander .in i chief .of the
Grand Army,. believing that General Black
is the logical candidate for the place and
thatVhe •¦ will : be ¦ elected by a large ma
jority Vvote. of j. the delegates. He referred
'most- pleasantly to. General- "Miles, but
said he did , not think that he should' be
elected ' t" ' the ; head of • the - veteran or
ganlzatlon, - and he . added that he was
confident vthat* General Miles -'would- not
allow his ;¦ name • to ¦ be placed .before the
"encampment.'. .. " •¦_".'" ..." *,"': '
** ; The ¦ majority.' of those aboard the Penn-
Everett Collins, 17 years of age, was ar
rested on Eddy Ftreet yesterday afternoon
by Detecti\*es Ed Gibson and Anthony
and booked at the City Prison on a
charge of misdemeanor embezzlement. He
¦was employed as a collector by Timothy
Crowley. the boatman, and Is accused of
collecting bills and spending the money.
Accused of Embezzling Coin.
G^orge F. Turbush, 14 Sansome street,
reported to the police yesterday that
while he was occupied in watching the
f ght between Jeffries and Corbett at the
Mechanics' Pavilion on Friday night some
one stole his overcoatf which he values at
J7.". He had a reserved seat, and the
overcoat was thrown over the rail at the
back.
Thieves at the Prizenght.
An interesting Incident occurred yes
terday afternoon just after General Black
registered at the Palace. Comrade
French, a resident of this State, intro
duced himself to General Black. French's
brother was standard-bearer for General
Black's regiment in the war. He was a
man of gigantic proportions, being 7tfeet 1
inch In height. French had a map of .the
battle of Pea Ridge in his pocket and the
two old soldiers with great delight sat
down and scanned the map and pointed
out to each other "where the fiercest en
gagements took place,
- General Black has -already many en
MEETS OLD COMRADE.
General Black is at present a resident of
Chicago, where he is a practicing attor
ney. He enlisted as a private in April,
1S61. and after four years and four
months of service retired as , colonel, of
the Thirty-seventh Illinois Regiment. He
has also been made a brigadier general.
Six years ago he held the office of de
partment commander of the Illinois De
partment of the Grand Army of the Re
public.
The general is accompanied by his wife
and pretty daughter. Miss Helen Black.
Among those in General Black's party
registered at the Palace are General Ben
son Wood, General James Everest, Ad
jutant General Partridge and Colonel
Thomas G. Lawlor.
Until the first of this month General Black
was recorded as the only candidate. In their
recent gatherings the departments of Illinois,
Indiana.. Michigan. Wisconsin, Minnesota,
Iowa. Missouri. Nebraska, Virginia. New York
and Arkansas have all adopted resolutions
pledging- their representatives to General
Black's svrport.
MANY INDORSEMENTS.
Adjutant General Partridge, who is a
member of the Illinois contingent, in dis
cussing General Black's candidacy, said:
SILENT AS TO CANDIDACY.
"^'I^would be Indelicate for me to dis
cuss my candidacy now," he eald yester
day afternoon. Ask me about anything
else and I will gladly talk."
"Well, general, it is still rumored that
General Miles will allow his name to be
presented at the coming encampment; if
such Is the case would you withdraw your
name?" the interviewer persisted.
"That Js hardly a fair question to ask
me." replied General Black. "I will say,
though, that General Miles is a close
friend of mine and I consider him a great
soldier. I am a great admirer of him."
.The question of General Black's name
being withdrawn In favor of General
Miles brought out a storm of disapproval
on the part of a number of members of
the Illinois delegation who were clustered
round their candidate. "No, no," they
remarked, "we won't withdraw his name
for any one."
the Palace Hotel he was warmly greeted
by members of the Grand Army from all
parts of the Union. "How are you, gen
eral? You can count on many friends in
our post." was the welcome he received
on every side as he shook hands with old
comrades in the hotel corridors.
The presence of mind Dorabierer dis
played saved the house from being burned,
a? the Canes from the dying woman's
<iress had already ignited a portion of
the wall of the room. As soon as Dorn
bierer saw that his wife was dead he
turned his attention to the house and
taw that the f.ames were already creep-
Ing up on the walls. He secured a bucket
of water and finally managed to put out
the blaze, though If he had waited a mo
ment longer the house would in all prob
ability have been in flames and beyond
salvation.
The police at the South San Francisco
station were notified and Officers McSor-
Ipy and Gordon went at once to the scene
of the accident. After a thorough in
vestigation they came to the conclusion
that th« woman met her death in ex
actly the manner described by her hus
band.
The Coroner's deputies went to the scene
of the burning later in the evening and
brought the body to the Morgue, where
It now lies.
DOHUBIEBEB SAVES HOUSE.
:¦¦ r .husband had laid her on the lounge.
The unlortunate husband is grief strick
rn over the terrible accident and bemoans
the fate that took him Into the other
room, for he thinks that had he been by
the side of his wife he cculd possibly
have saA'ed her life.
Mrs. Dornbierer was already mortally
burned, thotyth her clothius had been on
lire but an instant. Her power of speech
v.~? gone and she lay still, moaning and
crying feebly. Dornblerer quickly grabbed
an old coat and several ruga and threw
them over his wife to extinguish the
tlamc-s. He succeeded in quenching tho
l»re and laid the sufferer on a lounge.
But it was too late. Mrs. Dornblerer
v. ., - past human aid by this time. She
breathed her last a few minutes after
DIES IS AGOITT.
Tha Dornhierers lived aloaa In their
fcuinbla abode, ar.d last slsht when the
husband came in from bis worlt his wife
¦was enjjaged In cooking his <Jinner. He
¦went into the next room and sat down to
•wait till the meal was prepared. A few
moments later h« was startldd to hear
her frrt^mir.g in an SLgorAxlns manner.
The frightened man rcisiusl to the kitch
en and on entering It was confronted with
a sight that for a moment froze the blood
in his veins. On the floor lay his wife.
¦writhing in agony and enveloped in
flames.
lira. Here Dornhlexer. an aged French
Ti'ho resided with her husband In
a. little- cottag* at 122. E^hta avenue.
South, met a horrible death in flames yes
terday eveaiiic- The uniortsnate 'woman
Xk-ajB engaged ta coo king the errnSng meal,
Trhea euddesl}- her clothing caught fire.
Her husband rushed to aid her. but his ef
forts to save her wers all In Tain, and
she passed away in agony a few moments
later.
sylvania special hail from Philadelphia
and Pittsbur*. although there are two
carloads of persona from Allegheny City
and scattered representatives from Har
rlsburg. Monongahela, Scrantoa and el— ¦
where in other - cars. «485Ka3fifik
W. W. . Phillips, "Wormser and H^inkle
were selected as the committee. They de
cided to . employ Sam Shannon to look
over the prope^y and the meeting w't
adjourned. The committee will convene
.on Monday aTnd endeavor to have a meet
ing of the directors of tha j. Home Oil
Company called. Meanwhile the stock
holders are wondering what their Invest
ments are worth.,.
It appears that President Ellis has a
salary of $250 a month. His brother, who
attends to the shipping and' general man
agement of the business at Coallnga and
Hanford. la on the salary roll for COO a
month. R. T. Staley Is secretary of tha
concern, with offices in the Mills bu!ld
lng. The directors are R. B. Ellis. Henry
Rosenfeld, Louis Rosenfeld, A. D. Henry
and J. C. Augsbury. The company has
paid in dividends since organization the
gum of $392,000.
The gathering yesterday was wholly in
formal. John Hlnkle was chosen to pre
side and' Attorney O. P. Stidger was se
lected to serve as temporary secretary.
After the meeting had been opened the
last named gentleman explained the sit
uation to the assembled stockholders and
then an Interesting and at times heated
discussion began.
All of the stockholders seemed con
vinced finally that there was something
wrong with the wells, at least, and the
general opinion was that there should ba
an Investigation. It was agreed that there
should be a committee of three stock
holders to perform the work. "Wormser
held that there should be an expert em
ployed and the others at last agreed to
thisAn the expectation that the Home Oil
Company would stand good for the ex
pense Incurred.
This communication was sent to H. C.
Miller. The news spread abroad quickly.
It was resolved that something should be
done, and yesterday's Impromptu meeting
was the outcome.
The stock dropped to $1 63 and there was
a general awakening.' Some laughed in
their sleeves and bought more -stock; oth
ers sold rapidly. Many stockholders be
came apprehensive lest all might not be
as It should, but their fears took no defi
nite shape.
Then one day came a letter from one
of the Home Oil Company's drillers. He
said that he did not wish to disclose his
identity, but that he felt it right for the
investors to know that the wells were
producing great quantities of water but
comparatively little oil.
LETTER CREATES EXCTTEifENT.
Forty disturbed and apprehensive stock
holders In the Home Oil Company met at
the exchange rooms in the Mills building
yesterday afternoon for the purpose of.
making some head or tall out of the
strange rumors which have been flying
about for a week concerning the status
of their Investments.
After much heated discussion and many
veiled accusations against U. B. Ellis, pres
ident of the company, the meeting ter
minated with the appointment of a com
mittee of investigation.
The Home OH Company Is one of the
oldest organizations of Its kind In tha
State. It has proved an excellent invest
ment for the greater part of the stock
holders, and has ranked always as a per
fectly straight concern. Many of the most
cautious business men of California are
Investors in the Home Oil Company, and
the present difficulty comes as a complete
surprise to speculative San Francisco.
President Ellis wju aware that the storm
was coming, but left nevertheless this
week for Wyoming,, where he claims to
have a considerable amount of oil prop
erty. None of the other four directors
were present yesterday.
The Home Oil Company's real estate
holdings are at Coallnga. Hanford is the
shipping point. .The property is of con
siderable extent and eight wells have
been drilled. The company was formed
in the early part of 1897. during the first
of the oil excitement. Ellis, who is but
little more than 30 years old. appeared In
the oil region and after some investiga
tion purchased Home Oil at 13 cents a
share. The par value is $1.
COMPANY PBOSPEBS AT ITBST.
The stock went up by leaps and bounds
and has at times nearly toudhed the $1
mark. Last week it was at $3 10. The output
has until recently been approximately 700
barrels a day. A month since the Stand
ard Oil Company contracted with the
Home Oil people for 13,000 barrels month
ly for five years at the fixed rate of 63
cents a barrel. Previously the company
had made money by selling oil at 33 cents
a barrel. The publication of the fact that
a contract had been made on such good
terms boomed the stock, and the investors
were kept busy for a few days congratu
lating themselves and each other.
President Ellis In July held 2S.00O of tha
100.000 shares of stock of the Home Oil
Company. Quietly, but with haste, ha
sold. His transactions were conducted
through "Wilfred Page, a broker on the
exchange. Most of the investors who
paid any attention to the subsequent fall
In the price of stock concluded that some
bear was trying to make a clean-up, and.
convinced that Home Oil was one of tha
best things in the market, did not become
alarmed.
yin» r « Take* Hold cf Walls While
Unfortunate Victim Is Being
Laid en Lounge, but Is
Extinguished.
Apprehensive Stockholders Hold Ani
mated Meeting and Appoint Com
mittee of Three to Make
Investigation.
Mrs. Dornbierer's Clothing
Ignites as She Bends
Over a Stove.
Home Oil Company's Status
Is Matter of Much
Discussion.
Meets Death While Her
Husband Strives to
Save Her.
Investors Believe That
They Have Been
Tricked.
AGED WOMAN
LOSES LIFE
IN FLAMES
General Black Is In his sixty-fourth
year and with his snowy white beard and
hair strongly resembles too late Chief of
Police L W. Lees. "When he arrived at
? —
GENERAL JOHN C BLACK, who
may bo the next commander
In chief of the Grand Army of
the Republic, arrired here yes
terday afternoon, accompanied
by the Illinois contingent.
General Black's name has so far been
the most seriously mentioned for the post
of commander la chief and Ma friends
from Illinois claim that he will be elected
by acclamation. He was defeated a year
jvgo far election to the office to which h«
now aspires at the national encampment
in "Washington, gracefully withdrawing in
favor of General Stewart after a friendly
contest. There is an unwritten law In
Grand Army affairs that once a candi
date whose name has been proposed with
draws In favor of another he shall be
elected to the office In the following year.
Tils Is why General Black's friends pre
dict that he will win and claim that there
Is not a serious doubt about his election.
in-Chief.
Is Only Candidate
forCommander-
FEAR STOCK
MAY TUMBLE
TO NOTHING
Generald.C.BIack
Arrives From
Chicago.
HEROES OF MANY BATTLE FIELDS THRONG CITY'S STREETS
AND THOUSANDS MORE WILL ARRIVE O N SPECIAL TRAINS TO-DAY
General Stewart
Is in Land of
Sunshine.
He Speaks of the
Hospitality of
West
| .; OS ANGELES, Aug. 15.— The«big
5 special train carrying General
I Thomas. J. Stewart, commander
km In chief of the Grand Army, and
the department "Officials and dele
gates from Pennsylvania, en- route to the
annual encampment tn San Francisco,
reached here to-day and received a warm
welcome from the citizens of Los An
geles. Contrary to t"he original plans,
which provided that the party should go
north by. way of the Valley road. It was
decided to-day that the train should trav
el "to San Francisco over the Southern
Pacific Company's Coast line, the change
being made so as to permit the visitors
from the Keystone State to stop over
a few hours at Monterey. After an en-
Pages 1 33 to 44
Pages 33 to 44
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, AIJGUST ; ; 16, ; 1903J
M^^ M^^ M '"'^^*^^^^ ' • ," * " ' ' ' " ' _ ~~ ' . "^ ' ' ' •.BUENA VI8TA. Colo.. Aug.* 15.— The mixed
train ..westbound on 'the' Gunnlson branch of
tha Colorado • and Southern road, wag ditched
three miles west of' Nathrop. owing. to a wash
out "and Engineer Thomas Colllgan., Fireman
Bob' Lints ' and,Bralceman Henry Shuner. were
badly injured. ; .__ _.__.—.- J^..~.
• . R. '-. H. • E.
Salt Lakes ......0 2JOOOOO 0—3 8 8
Butte- 0 2 0 0 l'O 4 1 x— 8 .11. : 2
• BatterlesT-Qulck and Shea; : Bandelln and
Henry;'" • -..'..---¦ • ¦' .
SPOKANE, tl'ash., Aug. • 15.—Helena-Spo
tonn rjrnrt nnctnnntid. . - '; - •
.: . :-: - - r/ H. e.
Ean rrancisco...O 0 0 0 1 3 0 1 0 — 5 8 2
Tacoma. .0.0 10 0 0 0 0 1— 2 5 a
. Patter! esT-Pfelster and Zearross; Loucks and
Byers.- • Umpire— Colgan. ' • '.
SALT- LAKJE, Utah,' Aug. <ri5._l\vith the
score tied at the beginning of the seventh ¦ In
ning and both teams playing gilt edged ball,
Umpire Huston made a couple of bad decisions
which put Butte in the lead and took all the
enthusiasm out of - the local players. ¦ , Both
pitchers did excellent work, but with a- rattled
team behind him Quick's efforts' were wasted.'
Score:,' " " '- . .' ¦ • ¦-"'.! '•'
SEATTLE. Aug. 15.— To-day's game was a
bowling farce, so far as the pitching of Maupin
*nd McCay was concerned. 'Maupin was
knocked out of the box In. the fifth and McCay
was touched up for eleven hits and eleven runs
in four innings. The fielding was good. Score:
•'•'- ' ' ' • R. H. E.
Seattle. ...... 0 1 0 0 l;0 6 01— 3 11 •"¦< 2
Los Angele*...O 4 0 0 3 1 4 5 1—18 '"18 ,. 0
Batteries— Maupin. McCay ', and Spencer;
Stricklett a«id Ulldebrand. .Umpire — Caruther^.
TACOMA. Wash., Aug. 15.— A clusler of hits
in the shape of two singles and a pair of two
baggers In the sixth inning gave San Fran
cleco three runs, • after which - they had no
trouble tn winning. ./ Pfelster and ¦ Xoucks -both
pitched .nicely. .The fielding was' lax. barring
a couple of spectacular plays. Score : ¦
,.-¦-.: . "\V, L.. Pet. W..L,. Pet.
Butte..;... 04 40 .017 San Fran...5« 51,524
.Los Angeles. C3-41 .«il'i Tacoma..... 43 61 .430
Spokane.... 5U -JU .r.ci:{ Helena :ss 61 .391
BeaUle.... 5<J 49 .534 Fait -Lake... '.12 29 .293
(Pacific National League.)
EEILLY'S ; MEN- PILE UP BUNS.
Bat •.'Two 1 - of "Seattle's- "Pitchers All
: ¦-.'¦ Over the Field. . - .
STANDING OF THE CliUBS. .'
VALL.EJO. : Aug. 15.— The unfinished
trotting race - between Vallejo roadsters
f was finished to-day at the California cir
cuit meeting. T. F.-, Smith> Princess W
won two heats - 'Ffiday and J. W. Hart
zell's Roscoe won- one. Roscoe took the
fourth heat this afternoon , in. 2:36. Prin
cess W turned the. tables in the fifth heat,
winning in -2.41 and took first money, hav
ing won three out of the five heats.
The 2:25 ! pace ' developed the most ex-*
citing , racing of the meeting. Seven
starters contended for the money. S..A.
Eddy's Colonel C sold at ;eveh money,
with L. G. Caten's Elmerino": second
choice. Colonel C took; the flrst heat In
2:15^4. Jones A, Baslar and Lady Glen
way, were close competitors. In the sec
ond heat Colonel ,C and C. J. Snyder't.
: Baslar • were- lapped nearly ."all"' the -way
' around the track, ¦ but ' Baslar . : slowly
forged ahead and won ' by .half a | length
in 2:11^. It was> the most closely con
tested heat of the meeting. The pace set
was too trying - for, Swanhildh; Elmerlno
and Billy F and they were distanced.
In'the third heat" Colonel C shot to the
front/and led almost to • the three-quarter
pole, where he was caught by Baslar and
1 beaten . In , 2 :liV6- > In* the fourth heat Bas -
lar broke soon after-the start and Colonel
•Cjwho was well in the lead, shot, through
the track. .Baslar "tookthe heat in'Z;21*i
the track. , Easier f took th*j^ heat in 2:21%
and first money. Lady Glenway got "sec
ond money.
. The 2:24 trot special brought "out' three
contestants. . Alex Brown's Black Jack
captured. the first' heat in 2:28% and J- L.
' Smith's Tribly tobkV the second ; in \ 2:21%.
Black Jack won the- third heat' and race
, Inf2:33. " •. '^M-l
SpeclalDlspatch to The Call
Princess W Takes First
Money in the Road
ster's Race..
: . R. H. K.
Portland . ..0 2001160 0 1 — 10 "13 a
Seattle 3 501 00000 0— 9 . .15 1
Batteries— McFarland and ' Shea;; Drohan,
Eeraple and Wilson^ .. ''.'.*
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 15.— Thomas twirled a
remarkable game again to-day, and -up; to.; yie
eighth inning had allowed; only 'two scattered
hits. In the eighth Inning" three . scratch hits
were made, but none of them were- costly, as Is
shown by the fact that only . one run . was
scored. Seven errors marred the' play of-tha
L«os Angelea team and several ol' these; are
traceable to the fact that Captain Dillon was
mlFElnK, having gone to Berkeley to be mar
ried. Hilderbrand collided -with Newton at
first base In the first inning and. was knocked
senseless for a short time. He recovered, how
ever, and played the game out. "¦•Score:
• . ; R. H. Ei
Sacramento ....100021022-8 11 4
Los Angeles ...010000 0,1 0—2 6 7
Batteries — Thomas and. Graham; Gray and
Hurlburt. -Umpire — O'Cbnnell.
K EEATTLE. Wash.. Aug. 15. — Portjand won
in the tenth , Inning. A .-bad decision by Levy
prevented the locals from tying the score.
Drohan was batted out of the box at the end of
the seventh. He gave- ten bases on balls alto
gether. Score: ¦.-•'. . .* , :
THOMAS MYSTIFIES ANGELS.
Wins the Championship
From the New York
TWO FLYCASTEKS TIE
IN DISTANCE EVENT
T. W. Brotherton and C. R. Kenniff
Each Sends Out One Hundred
and Twenty Feet of Line.
The members of the 8an Francisco Fly
casting Club held thtir regular semi
monthly contents yesterday at Stow Lake,
Goldrn Gate Park. T. \V. Brotherton and
C. R. Kenniff tir-d in the distance event,
each casting 120 feet. The complete scores
follow:
O > Delicacy p
| il XXI \l
3 n« 3 5 * g ' ? j?
CONTESTANTS. 1, a* C" 0% 2 s 
t T* 2-2* . b
¦ • • »?. . !••'. -it n . '
'. ' ¦ • • » .
• • ¦ " '.
CO.- Toung. .. .1 ftO.+ tX • |12.«;i2^ '30
T.W. Brotherton. ] 120 |s«.h-*a» ¦ »»1;8 |90i4- .....
A. Brown.. ....... jl<K> 188.)^ &0.-4IC.4 Us.9 J79 g
Dr. W.E.Brooks.j 08 :»0.4,8S,S^7.6.|S*iIl J
<:. R. Kenniff... 120 *95 ¦ i«t.t>103.lOf«.9 Vj'l
G. C. Edwards.. 1100 'lK9.fi f>2 **& •-•'jSS:6 a'
T. C. Klerulfl...|101 lS3.*tJs».S}81.S 185.7' JT4 0
AETORIA: Or.. Aug. .lS.-^The .North' Pacific
Kquadron. now at Bremerton- "VYasiJ., Navy
Yard, has been ordered to Aetoria durlnr the
annual regatta next week
"WORCESTER, Mass., Aug. 15.— Frank
B. Greer of the ~2ast Boston Athletic
Association Boat Club wrested the
sculling championship from C. S. Titus
of the Atlantic Boat Club of New York
on Lake Quinsagamond. this afternoon at
the annual regatta of the National As
sociation of Amateur Oarsmen. Greer
was eight lengths*" ahead ot F. Veseley
of the First Bohemian Boat Club of
New York at the finish, while Titus
gave up the race an eighth of a mile
from the line and paddled in Just ahead
of \V. B. West of the "West Philadelphia
Boat Club, who was J the fourth' com
petitor in the championship senior
singles. Despite his easy victory Greer
pulled a remarkably fast race, and: the
time, 9:37%, is the record for the event
in the annals of the association. -Sum
mary: /;»'.• 1
Association single eculls, final .heat— Lr. ' F.
Scholes,, Toronto Rowing Club. won. Time, 3
minutes &5V4 seconds.
Intermediate four-oared shells — Jeffries Point
Rowing Association, East Boston, won. Time,
J»:2&.
Intermediate eingle sculls — W. H. Hodklns,
East Boston A. A. Boat Club, won. Time, 9:31.
Intermediate pair ¦ oared shells — Nonpareil
Rowing Club, New York, C. Hoffman, bow; J.
C. MciCinley. stroke, won. Time, 10:21%. '
Senior double sculls — Toronto Rowing -Club,
L. F. Schults, F. S. Smith, stroke, won. Time,
9:14.
Championship senior single sculls — Frank B.
Greer,' Kart Boston A. A. Boat Club, won; F.
Vcseley, First Bohemian Boat Club, New York.
fecond- C. 6. Titus, Atalanta Boat Club, New
York, third; W. 'B. West, West Philadelphia
Boat Club, fourth. Time, 9:389i.
Senior eisht-oared shells — Winnipeg Rowing
Club, "Winnipeg, Manitoba, won. Time, 7:52.
War canoe race — Creacent Boat Club; j Wal
tham. Ma*s., won. Time. 7:18»4.
Intermediate double sculls (renewed)—Poto
mac Boat Club, Washington, won. Time, 9:31.
SIXTH RACE; — Selling; three-year-olds an4
upward; on« ar.d a yixteer.th miles, on turf:
letting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »; Fin.
20 to 1 — Etosewall. V<\ (Gannon).. 3 3 12
20 to 1 — Carroll D. 1V6 (Creamer).. 2 2 2%
7 to 1— MufketQ, 10G (Michaels).. 14 32
Time, 1 :&0. Start roc>d. Won driving. Win
ner, J. M. P. Martin's b. c. by Rossmgton-
Anr.ie. St. Sever 103, Xevermcre 06, Albany
Girl b6, Untrack &6. also ran.
FIFTH RACE — Selling; gentlemen riders;
one mile:
Hotting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
4 to 1 — Carbuncle, 14ti (Mr. Clark). 2 2 16
2} to 1— True Blue. 14*5 <Mr.Gleasn) I 12%
r.'tol — Scrnen-et, 14» (Mr. Baker). 6 5 32
Tifne, 1 :*3 3-5. Start good. Won easily. Win-
Tier. R. T. Wilson Jr.'s b. g. by Stuyv»sant-
Garret. Cottage Maid 12S. Anna Harding 124,
Arrah Gowan-143, also ran.
FOURTH RACE— Saratoga Champion; three
yoar-olfls and upward; one »nJ a quarter miles:
hettintf. Hor^f.- Welpht. Jockey. St. % Fin.
« to 10 — Irish Lad. 116 (Redfern). 1112
4 to 1— Hermit. 12G lOdom) 2 2 2h
.', to 1— Heno, 120 ij. Martin) 3 4 33
Time, 2:05. Start gr»>d. Won driving. Win
ner. Westbilry Stables' hr. c. bjr Candiemas-
Arrc-wgrass. Savable 110 also ran.
.THIRD RACE— Hopeful etakes; two-year
fid?: Eir furlopcs:
Bettlrjr. Horse. Weight. Jorkey. St. «i Fin.
•4ta 1— Delhi. 112 iGannon) 3 111
".<• to 1— Highball. 112 (Fuller) 5 4 22
•4 to 1— Palm Bearer. 112 (Ccburn) 4 2 3 1
•Coupled In the batting..-.
Time. 1 :13 1-5. Start poor. Wen driving.
Winner, J. R. Keene's br. c. by B«n Brush-
Viva. Staltvart--112, "Reliance 112, Crown
rrir.ee 112. Moharlb 112. Adbell 112, Lady Lo
thario 112. The Buck 112. Easeful 112, Mer
tury 112, also ran.
SECOND RACE — The Beaverwick Eteeple
'¦haw handicap: about two and-' a half miles:
Itftilng. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. Fin.
1 1 to .'i — L*vator. 16T (Mara) 2 1 1 h
yjto5 — Fulminate. r5K fDonohue). 3 4 22
li; tp — Valdez. 156 < Ray> 1 3 3 ij
Time, 5:(K5. Start fair. Won .driving. Winner,
J. -W. Colt's ch. %. by Spring.
lAnd of Clover 168. Pamper Iral"S. Eophone
l.">5. Self Protection V.A, B^au Ideal 147, Wool-
Kathrrer 142. Sliver Twis$*130, Rockstom 140,
Ohr.et 140. also ran, "Last two fell. ¦
Tim*. 1:28 1-5. Start fair. Wan driving. Win-
Tier, G. M. Brown's ch. c. by Pontiach-Trtry
ana. RJgodon 113, Claude 117. Shotgun 11",
Damon 9»5, Rowena 80. Sltdell 05, also ran.
SARATOGA. Aupr. 15.— The weather wad
clear and the track fast to-day. Keene's
Delhi won the Hopeful stakes easily, and
Palm Bearer, from the same stable, ran
third. Irish Lad disposed of Hermis in
a driving finish in the Saratoga champion
stakes. Summary:
FIRST RACE — Handicap; all ages; seven
furlcngs:
netting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
15 to 1— Monte Carlo. *.»0 (McCaffty) 1 1 1 »i
i:: to .V— Hurftbrne, 11» (J. Martin) 5 4 2 3
17 to 5 — Sir Voorhles. yS (H.CaKhn) 9 2 3 h
Keene's Delhi Takes the Hopeful
Stakes at Saratoga.
IHISH LAD BEATS HEBMTJ5. '
Stolen base — Pabst. Three-base hit — Smith.
Errors— Lindsey, Krug, Francks, Leahy. Two
base hits — Schwartz, Cooper. Sacrifice hits —
Meany, Murdock. First base on errors — San
Francisco 1, Oakland 2. First base on called
balls — Off' Lindsey 3, - off Cooper 3.- Left . on
bases — San Francisco 6, Oakland 9. Struck
out— By Lindsey 1, by Cooper 1. Hit by
pitcher — O'Hara, Messerly. ¦ Double plays —
Messerly to Francks. Shay to Delmas to Pabst,
Gorton to Francks, Irwin ! to Pabst to Shay to
Leahy, Shay to Delmas to Pabst. Time of
game — One hour 40 minutes. Umpire — McDon
ald. '. ¦ ¦ •. - • ¦
SUMMARY.
San Francisco ..'.O'O '0 •010 0 0 0 0—0
Base hits ..'...0 0 0 2 J 0 -1 1 0 1—5
OaklanS ..0 1 3 0 0 0 0 1 x— 5
Base hits 1 2 31 1 1 0 2 i— 11
RUNS AND HITS B INNINGS
Ban Francisco — ) Oakland — ' ;
AB. R. H.P.A. AB. R. H.P.A.
Bhay. s.. 3 0 0 3 3|o f Har,cf 2 0 10 0
Meany.rf 3 0 12 :0,Fnks. s 4 0 1 5 5
lrwln,3b 4 • O 1,, 0 2;Mdck. rf 2 10 1 0
Leateyic/ 3 0 2 3 ' 0;6wtz, Mb 4 1 1 5 3
Pabst.lb' v 3 0 a 14 3',Krugr,lf 4 1 2 4 0
Krug.cf' 4 ,0 0-0 OJGortn, ; c 4 0 1 .3 1
Lynch.lf 4 0 .0 1 0;Msrly,lb 3 1 0-9 1
r>elm».2b 3 0 0 1 6 Smlth.Sb 4 1 2 .0 2
Llndsy.p- 3, 0 . O O • 4 Coobt, ¦ p ,4 • 0 3 0-3
ToUls:30 0 5 24"l8 Totals.31 . 5 11 27 15
Tommy Leahy was back in the game
once more after an absence of three
weeks. He was" hailed with delight by the
crowd. Tommy, played a great game' and
was the only, man on the- team who con
nected wfth the offerings of Cooper for
more than one safe hit. "The score: »• •
Messerly created a sensation in the first
inning when he caught-a' liner which Ir
wln aimed right over the first bag. Mes
serly whipped the sphere to Francks in
a twinkling and doubled up Shay at sec
ond. Four other lightning doubles were
afterward^executed 'and!«yiery one of them
shut off runs." Pj • '¦ :
Young Smith showed another burst of
speed at the bat in the eighth, when with
two under the bench, the kid hit to deep
left for three bases. Cooper was there
again with his third safe bingle, which
brought Smith in with the last tally of
the Kame.
In the second inning, with two gone,
L-indsey dropped a little pop fly from the
bat of " Messerly. Krug performed the
same trick .when Smith hit the ball -to
center.- Then Cooper came through with
a drive to right and the Cripples got their
first tally. They became exceedingly, fa
miliar with the goods of Mr. Lindsey in
the third spasm and three hits, aided by
an error or. so, put as m^ny as thfee
more runs in.
Cooper made the natives look like, a
bunch of tramps in every inning. His
superb backing up did the rest.» Not a
chance did Uncle's followers have- of
crossing the pan with runs. None of them
could hit the southpaw's offerings to any
extent and as his control was good and
only one error was made behind him, but
few of the locals ever got on the bags'. at
all. ' ' r-
'Twas a sad sight Indeed to take a look
at Uncle's collection of prize winners-; as
they vainly strove to grot home yesterday
afternoon at Recreation Park. Not only,
were they lacking in ability with the club,
but in their efforts to quiet the Cripples
from Oakland they far§d badly in many
Instances and so the tall enders landed
with a total of five. Score, 5 to 0. -
¦ The game, although badly played
spots, had the genuine baseball ring to
it and gome of the most brilliant plays! of
the season were pulled off. Five double
plays were scattered through the nine in
nings of action, j Every one was fast and
provoked round after round of applause
from the large army of fans. v
(Pacific Coast League.) .'¦.:
XV. I* Pet. I . W. L. Pet.
Los Angeles..76 45 .628 Portland.;.. 53 61 .465
Ban FranciscoTO 55 .66y Seattle. .... B2 66 .440
Sacramento <32 til >505 1 Oakland.... 53 79 .407
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Tail - Enders Display , Great
Form at the Bat and
in the Field.
Cooper Blanks theHome
Toss ers ? in Every
¦¦"<>
Former Champion Planning
to Buy a Farm and
Settle Down.
; SEVENTH RACE— Selling; one mile and a
sixteenth:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 1— Fonsoluca, 104 (Hoffler) 5 4 11
S to 1— Meehanus, 110 (S. Bonner).. 3 1- 2 1
1 to 1 — Major Tenny, 104 (Helgesen) 12 3 8
Time, 1 :51. Start rood. 'Won easily. Win
ner. J. W. Push's ch. g. by Fonso-Lucasta.
Goldaga 10(3, O'Hagen 10"5, James j. Corbett 1C3,
Port Jarvis 111, also ran.
SIXTH RACE— Purse; .five and a half fur
longs: ' ' % .
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 1— Harfang, 103 (Fen-ell).. . .. 4.4 1 2>.i
9 to 2— Banwell. 103 (U Wilson).. 11 6 2n
S to 1— Saltp. 107 (Adkins)... 2 2 8 1
Time, 1:11. Start good. Won easily.* Win
ner, Chlnn & Forsythe's b. c. by Mars-Owlet.
Atlantico 103. Justine Morel 101. Aggie Lewis
110, Martius 1C3. Golden Boy 103. Tootsey
Mack 100. Commodore 103. Maggie Leeber 110,
Toltec 103. Salivate 105. also ran.
FIFTH RACE — Purse; one mile:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 1— Ancke, 101 ((L.. Wilson) 4 1 1 VV4
3 to 1— McGee. 101 (Helgesen) 3 2 2 8
4 to 1— Callant, 108 (Otis) 2 4 3h
Time, 1:45 3-5., Start good. Won easily.
Winner, L. S. Sire's ch. f. by Ivicohatchee-
Harlem. Colonial Girl 104. Florence H 96,
Nestorla 1C1, Headwater 10S, Marlneuse 108,
also ran. - . v
FOURTH RACE— Handicap; six furlongs:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. 94 Fin.
40 to 1— Rankln, 04 (Robblns) 4 2 11
20 to 1 — Telamon, 105 (L. Wilson). 5 5 2 2
3 to 1— St. Minor, OS (H. Phillips) 2 1 3 3%
Time* 1:17. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner. J. Arthur's b. c. by Miser-Ray o' Light.
Skillful 101. Peter Paul S3. also ran.
THIRD RACE— May wood Handicap; one
mile and 100 yarda^
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. ?i Fin.
7 to 1— Schwalbe. 08 (L. Wilson). 3 1 1 2%
13 to &— Bragg. 106 (W. Knapp)... 4 ' ;i 2 1 •
8 to 1— Jdge Himes, lOS(S.Bnner) 8 4 3 4
Time, 1 :B0 3-5. Start bad. Won easily. Win.
ner, Barney Schreiber's blk. t. by Sain-Clrati
tude. Gregor K 104; Havlland 102. Hargis 106,
Lurallghter 92. Talpa 103, Dr. Stephens 101.
also ran. ¦
SECOND RACE— Purse: half a mile: U,
Betting. .Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 2— Clifton Forge. 112(Helgesen).2 111
to to 1 — Kleinwood, 08 (S. Bonncr). 7 6 2 1
3 to 1— Witchcraft, 115 (Dominick). 4 2 3 4
Time, :50. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, L. S. Sire's ' ch. c. by Handsome-Illlsee.
Touchstone 10ti. Major Pelham 109, Miss Cough
lin 85. Blumenthal 104. Pat Hammon 104, Patsy
Brown 101, also ran.
CHICAGO, Aug. 15.— Barney. Schrleber'a
black mare, Schwalbe, rideh by Jockey L.
Wilson and a 6 to 1 shot in the betting
won the May wood handicap, -the feature
event of the Harlem card to-day. Bragg,
the favorite,; was second, a length iri front
of Judge Himes; winner of the Hawthorne
handicap. The purse had a gross valut
of J2S85, of which J23S5 was .the winner's
share. The, track was' a sea of slop and
the weather cloudy arid threatening:
Summary: . ; ¦
_ FIRST RACE— SelUnjr; sii'furlones: -¦ '
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
13 to 6— Bard Burns. 104 (Adklns). 1 1 1 1U
3 to-1— Beat..& Best. 103 (Pollak) 6 2 21
8 to 5— Sardine. 109 (J. Eeiff) 2 4 3 2
wrT • J :17 4 " 5 - s^rt eooa. Won easily.
\v Inner, D. S. Fountain's ch. h. by Matt
Byrnes-Bar Maid. Zyra 102. Mlas Man
ners 102, Semper Vivum 102, Eva's Darling
104, Bay Wonder OS, Avoid 103, Pea Ridge 09,
also ran.
Special, Dispatch to The Call.
Sullivan is looking well and is behaving
himself. • He says he is going to save
money enough to buy a little farm and
settle down.
"Well, he's just as good, anyhow. I
don't know whether he would be able to
go a fijsrht like thpt which I put up
against Ryan or.KJlrain. Fighting to-day
is play .business compared with what it
was when I held the belt. Kid gloves or
bare kr.uckles would drive a good many
of the fighters of to-day to the woods."
MAHANOY CITY. Pa.. Aug. 15.— "I told
you* so," said John L. Sullivan.- who um
pired two games of- ball here to-day and
got $100 for the job. When asked what
he thought of the _*C6rbett-Jeff ries flght
he saidy
'""Oorbett should not have got even a
lr»ok in, and he didn't. Jeffries Is a great
tighter. He has strength and lots of sci
ence, and can make any lighter In the
world look like 30 cents. I think Corbett
is not as fast or good a man as he was
when he fought me. He is not necrly as
clever, and. he lacks that j-outhful confi
dence he had when he tackled me — and I
I'll you. boy, I was a big proposition in
those days."
Sullivan was asked If he thought Jef
fries was as good a man as he (Sullivan)
was in his prime. The Taig ex-champion
hesitated a few moments before he re
pMod: .- • -
Special Dlfpatch to The CalL
Second Money Goes to Bragg
and Third to Judge .
Himes.
CRIPPLES TURN
ANOTHER TRICK
GREER DEFEATS
OARSMAN TITUS
The same tactics which killed the game
in New York are being used here. They
culminated in Friday night's affair. . The
fight was advertised throughout the coun
try and attracted many visitors from the
North, South and East. When these peo
ple arrived here they found that a few
bours after the seats were placed -on sale
all the choice ones were reported sold.
As a matter of fact, they were not sold
outright, but were placed in the hands of
peddlers, who hawked them about.
The prices, already high enough for
3uoh an affair, at once went soaring sky
ward. Twenty-dollar seats were held at
$30 and cheaper ones in proportion. Few
persons who attended the flght paid wnat
the face of their ticket called for, but
were forced to pay a premium if they de
sired a gopd seat.
• The city officials are determined ... to
make an example of the scalpers who
fell into the clutches of the law on the
night of the fight. Two of .the men who
preyed upon the public by selling tickets
at exorbitant figures appeared in the Po
lice Courts yesterday. Each was charged
with violating the license ordinance in
selling tickets without Jiavlng a license.
James Glenroy, who was arrested in
Harry Corbett's saloon on Ellis street on
Friday afternoon by Deputy Tax Collec
tor- H. C. Warren, was arraigned in Po
lice Judge Cabaniss' court. When the
ca.=e was called Glenroy askc-d for a con
tinuance until next Thursday, vrhlch the
Judge granted.
Jacob Baumgarten, who was arrested
by Detective Freel outside Harry Cor
bett's saloon on Friday evening appeared
in Police Judge Conlan's court. He also
asked for a continuance through his at
torney and the case was Eet for trial next
Wednesday. Glenroy is out on $400 cash
bail. Baumgarten is out on $1000 bonds;
Mr. Coffroth leads a veritable Dr.
Jekyl and Mr. Hyde existence. In the
daytime he occupies the honorable' posi
tion of secretary of the Superior Judges,
with offices in the City Hall. At night he
is the associate of prizefighters, with his
office in the back room of some saloon in
the, purlieus of the city. ,.£.-, .
Ho learned the art of promoting prize
fights from Jim Kennedy of New York.
The latter Is the man who killed the sport
in New York and who has put a blight
on every sport he ever touched. Jobbery
of the lowest kind was practiced in the
East until affairs reached such a pass
that decent citizens stepped in and called
a halt. Boxing was bo thoroughly crushed
out that two amateurs cannot put on the
gloves in an exhibition match In New
York State.
Public indignrftion is running high in
the matter. 'A number of citizens have
determined to appear before the Super
visors' Police Committee' to ask the mem
bers to refuse the Yosemlte Club another
permit .The burden of the blame rests .on
James W. Coffroth, manager of the club
and custodian of the tickets.
celves on the side of the ticket
scalpers and against the patrons of box
ing. Not satisfied with the enormous
profits they made on the flght th*y
stooped to petty trickery to eke out a few
more dollars. .
p^rw^HE one blot on the Jeffrles-Cor
•11 bett fight was the- shameful man
¦ ner in which, the rapacious To
. ~ semlte Club officials leagued thdm-
CLOSE CONTESTS
AT VALEJO MEET
With the champion were Jack Bellis
of Kansas City, Sam Kuqua of Carroll,
Ohio. Commodore Berry of Fresno, Char«
He Merrill of Los Angeles, John Marco
vich, Eugene Van Court, Billy ¦ Delaney,
Jack Jeffries and Charlie Jeffries.
After dining "Jeff" left the party and
went to the hotel and retired. He awoke
late to-day and went to San -Francisqo
about 2 o'clock. '
Billy Delaney, when asked about the
"future plans of the.»champlon, said:
."It ls» difficult to say what Jeff will
decide lr> do,* for. he never tells any one
about hffe plans until he 'is ready to carry
them out, but he intends to leave Oak
land on Monday or Tuesday to' go on a
hunting expedition. He will bo accom
panied by Tom O'Brien of BakerEfleid and
a number of sports from the ¦ southern
part of the State." v
OAKLAND. Aug. 15.— After "Jim"
Jeffries left the Mechanics' Pavilion last
night he came direct to Oakland and
went to a local restaurant, where he had
orderjed the biggest watermelon that
could be found in the city put on ice to
await his return.
Great Pugilist Gives Some 'Alameda
Friends a Queer Treat!
JEFFRIES BUYS WATERMELON.
Jeffries has no definite plans ' for the
future. He may go back r to -Harbin for
some more deer, hunting. v " ¦ ¦ '••¦¦'
Corbett will leave for St. Louis early
next week to fill an engagement in a
vaudeville house. He received a wire
from the manager, J. D. Hopkins, which
read: '"Old pard. you are more popular
than ever in St. Louis. Have you billed
like a circus for August 30." All'jyour
Highland friends send regards." ..- s
Corbett by mistake opened a telegram
for Jeffries. It was congratulating him
on the outcome of the battle., v Coibett
could not understand It- until he noticed
Jeffries' name. • v . \J i >'••''
Discussing previous fights, he said:
. ','Joe Choynski struck me the hardest
blow I- ever received. I was chasing^hlm
along the roues in our flght at Wood
ward's Pavilion, when he suddenly turned
on 'me. He let go his right and I thought
my head left my body. The blow dazed
me, but I recovered quickly. That was
the closest call I ever had in the ring."
Jeffries .apparently attaches but little
value to his title. , "I am not proud of
being the champion fighter of the world,"
he said yesterday. "It means nothing to
me except that I make my liTlng out
of the game. If I could call myself the
champion fisherman of the world or the
champion deer hunter, that would be
something of which to be proud."
He was about town yesterday; afternoon
with Joe Eagan and Eugene Van Court.
His right eye bore a blackened appear
ance t which," however, was not adminis
tered to it in the ring. Jeffries was one
of a. jolly crowd which returned to Oak
land after .the flght. : When they reached
Oakland Jeffries and Cal Ewlngr were sky
larking and the champion fell. His eye
came in contact with the curb and -he
saw more stars than he saw in Mechanics'
Pavilion.
Jeffries met Corbett in Harry Corbett's
during the afternoon and they discussed
the previous night's contest in a. friendly
manner. Corbett's body was still sore
from the terrible battering he received:
Wherever Jeffries' touched him it left a
bruise. Corbett •acknowledged that the
blow he received in the second round took
all the fight out of him. He knew" then
what the outcome would be and sailed in
to^make as good a showing as he could
while hia strersth lasted.
"You can whip any two men in the
business." was the compliment Corbett
paid Jeffries. He also said the champion
could have whipped Sullivan . in two
rounds at any stage of the latter's ca
reer. >' . • ' » \l
• Corbett " had an eye to the future" and
suggested that if they met in the East
they could, make some big money in ex
hibition bouts.
The outcome of the fight justifies Jef
fries' methods of training. He did com
paratively little gymnasium work, but
went into the open air and built up his
nealth. .When.he had done this he had
acquired condition which means health.
Eugene Van Court says in the past Jef
fries has trained as though he were pre
paring to ride a horse in a race and had
to get off a lot of flesh. Thi3 time ho
did not trouble about his weight and was
much more amiable during his training.
• ' knowledged- by all the greatest
athlete of : modern times and' possibly in
all the'history.of the world.
THERE was no difference of opin
ion yesterday as to the position
occupied by, James J. Jeltries-ln
the boxing world. He was ac-
He Says Jeffries Is the
World's Premier
Fighter.
Schreiber's Mare Takes
May wood Handicap
at Harlem. '
Blame Manager James W. Coffroth' vfbr the Imposition
to Which They Were Subjected.
JOHN L TALKS
OF THE BIG 'UNS
MUDDY FOOTING
SUITS SCHWALBE
PATRONS OF BOXING ARE INDIGNANT
AT THE YOSEMITE CLUB OFFICIALS
THE SAN FRANCISCO v CALL, SUNDAY; AUGUST 16; ,1903.
34
ADVXHTISE2EENTS. ' . ¦ . ¦ ¦ ' - '
A POOR CRUTCH,
Experience is a dear teacher, as those who pin their f^l^Mi %w
faith to Mercury find out sooner or later. This power- Sf*$^^4ji §
f ul poison combined with Potash, is the treatment gen- Vox : !T\ " : -
erally prescribed for Contagious Blood Poison, but failure ]5jS |\ \ [
aad disappointment is the invariable result. These min- n^J JLJ u
erals drive in the sores and eruptions, and apparently the /%&/j^r-JS
disease is gone and the patient believes the cure perma- /^r&^SjggjjIa
cent, but soon learns better when the old symptoms VfcJsriljSal*" '^¦^njf
return almost as soon as the treatment is left off. You
must either keep the system saturated with mercury or endure the tortures
of* sore mouth, ulcerated .throat and the mortification that .one naturally
feels when the body is covered with disgusting sores, rashes, copper-colored
splotches and other # aggravating symptoms of this vile disease.' •
Mercury and Potash are poor crutches, and their use eventually breaks
down the constitution, ruins the digestion and cause the bones to decay.
¦^-^ n. S. S. S., a guaranteed purely vegetable remedy, is the,
/^^ C^^* v 1^^ only antidote for Contagious Blood Poison. It de-
V^^v V^^V V^^w stroys every atom of the/leadly virus,- overcomes the
Kj) bac * e^ ectso^ the mercury and cleanses the blood and
Kmm^ '^ m z.-<. T*< - systeni so thoroughly that never after are any signs
rA the disease seen. Nor is the taint ever transmitted to others.
YXU £411 send free our book on Contagious Blood Poison, which is inter-
esti»<l cud contains full directions for treating yourself at home. " Medical
advice o; airy special information desired- given without charge.
T^tfffEjSyVtFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA. GA.
DoveShootmg
is Good Now . :
! ¦ —AT . '
Paso Rob.es j
Slot Springs
For Particulars Write
;', -'»'ft v W. A. JUNKER, '
Lessee and Manager,
Paso Koblea, CaL
Or Call On i
THOMAS COOK & BON. ,
625 Market Street, I
, San Francisco.
Information Bureau, Southern Pacific. |
1 613 Market Street. ,
„ . >^->-*-«-
NAPA Napa County,
SODA SPRINGS,! Gal.
FOR HEALTH AND PLEASURE ' GO TO
Napa Soda Springs. . Situated -1000 feet above
the beautiful *Napa Valley-Hot and cold soda
baths. Shetland ponies and burros for children.
Two trains dally. 7:30 a. m. and 4 p. m. Aad.
DOLLMANN A JACOBS. Napa Soda Springs.
BARTLETT SPRINGS
Now is the time to re-
gain your health and
have a good time.
Write J. E. McMAHAN, Bart-
lett Springs, Cal., or apply at No.
2 Suttcr St., S. F., for full informa-
¦ Pamphlets Mailed on Application.
HOTEL
Del Monte
The only *olf links In California with full
18-hole course equipped ' with perennial turf
greens. This course Is provided exclusively for
the guests cf the hotel.
POLO, AUTOMOBILINQ,
QOLF AND SWIMMING
The year round. Rates, $3 CO per day and up.
Special rates by the month on application to
GEORGE W. REYNOLDS. Mgr.
PARAISO SPRINGS
MONTSSEY COTJUTT, CAXu
The leading Summer -Resort of the
Pacific Coast. Hot Soda and* Sulphur
Baths, large Swimming Tank, first-
class table. Send for beautiful illus-
trated booklet and rates, to F. W.
Schroeder, Manager, or San Francis-
co Agent, ii Montgomery street.
TO WIND UP THE SUMMER SEASON
/ETNA SPRINGS
Is the Ideal place to go. Grand scenery, with
invigorating- - air • and health-restoring waters.
Ideal service. Charming cottage or hotel life.
Pleasuf%and amusements of all klnfls; $7 round
trip from San Francisco.
AETNA SPKINOS COMPACT, £•£.*;
..• Aetna Spring:", Kapa Co., Cal.
NEW ANNEX
GOLF LINKS.
ORCHESTRA.
HOTEL VENDOME,
SAN JOSE. CAL.
SWIMMING. bowuno .
AUTOMOBILES
Adams Springs
LAKE COUNTY, CAL.
STILL HAS TBS CSOWD.
BEST WATER.
SUPERIOR SERVICE.
During tbo month ot Augutt' th» celibntM
Merced Concert Band In full . uniform will be
at the ' springs. • . • . „¦ .
.. DR. W. R. PRATHER, Prop.
KLAMATH SPRINGS,
BESWICK, SISKITOU O... CAL.
Finest fishing, hunting and health resort oa
the coast. Send for booklet. "» n^^rd^e.^
EPSON BROS.. Proprietors.
OWN A HOME IN riF E ui u " CAMP MEEKER
Free from fog and wind. Lota $10 up. Cot-
tages built by Meeker. *5O up. Boating, bath*
ing, tenting ground; sawmill, depot, store. P.
O. Sausaltto ferry. M. C. MEEHER. Camp
Meeker. Sonoma Count?.'
BONNIBNOOK
' Alt. 4000 ft. : half ml. sta. ; cottages, tent*. .
bpatlng, bowling, elect, lights. H. JX WURD.
Towle, Placer County. :Cal.
- : BEBOE3HEIM — I Q the Santa Cruz red-
woods: $7 and |3 weekly. For circulars writ*
lira. E. Wllken. R. F. D., box 121. Santa Crux.
T|IQpflM MINERAL
lUOuHll SPRIN6S
Located cine miles northeast of Bed Bluff, oa
the line of the Southern Pacific Railroad.
The undersigned begs to inform the publlo
that it has succeeded to the ownership aad
management of these famous springs, and It
Is their purpose tn conduct them In a manner
that will insure such care and comfort to Its
patrons aa will be thoroughly satisfactory. Par-
ticular attention will be given to the cuisine
and dicing-room service. Furthermore. It la
the Intention ol the new owners to extensively
Improve and beautify the property — which,
added to the marvelous curative properties ot
the various springs in cases of Gout, Rheuma-
tism. Catarrh of the Bladder. Gravel. Diabetes.
Kidney Troubles of every variety. Urinary trou-
bles. Skin Diseases. Dyspepsia. Cystitis and
Blood Diseases of every description will placet
the "TUSCAN SPRINGS" In the front rank
of the famo.ua mineral springs of the 'world.
Cases of RHEUMATISM GOUT ANT> ALL
BLOOD DISEASES "WILL BE ACCEPTED
UNDER A GUARANTEE THAT THET WILL
BE CURED WITHIN A SPECIFIED TIME
OR ALL EXPENSES INCLUDING RAIL-
WAT FARE. WILL BE REFUNDED.
These wcHderful springs can be reached by
the Southern Pacific Company** system of rail.
nay. and Ita connections throughout the
United States.
Tuscan Mineral Springs Corporation.
An experienced physician resides at the springs.
Staen transfer service between Red BluS and
Tuscan Springs.
For rates cf fare and routes of travel apply
to any Southern Pacific Railroad Agent.
CAPIT0LW
" 9^ CAPITOI.A, CAIi.
The Seaside Besort of Central H
California. H
Only three and a hai* hour* from ' If
Ban Francisco. Sound trip rate, I!
$4.50. - H'
Boating 1 on River, risMn?, Brat ||
Bathing 1 , Naphtha Launches. Or- It
chestra. Band Concerts. Bowling, g
Board Walks. Special Amuse- m
merits for Children. li
I August and September Ideal M
Months. f I
Salmon Pisalny now at Its - ¦
height. Electrlo KaUway to Santa f
Croz, four callea. fl
More information and descriptive book I
by calling on Peck's Bureau. 11 Mont- H
m gomery st., San Francisco, or by ad- ¦
¦vdrefmin* Hotel Capttola. Capttola. CaU' Jl
Santa Catajina Island
3V5 Bours From Los Angeles.
Season 1903.
Our Marine Band of 30 Artists.
OUTDOOR PAST1ME3. BOATINO. BATH-
INO. FISHINO. GOLF. ETC
The Famous Canvas City is Now Open!
With an Entirely New Equipment, la Shady
Grove.
HOTEL. METROPOI-E,
With Modern Appointments. Always Open.
Reservations Made. Addresa
BANNING CO.. 222 SOUTH SPRINO ST..
LOS ANGELES. OR
PECK'S BUREAU. 11 MONTOOMERT ST..
SAN FRANCISCO.
YOSBMITE VALLEY
ONLT IS HOURS FROM SAN FRANCISCO.
OVER OILED ROAD3 via WAWONA AND
. INSPIRATION POINT.
THE ONLT ROUTE TO MARIPOSA BIO
, TREES!
THE ONLT ROUTE VIA INSPIRATION
POINT! *
For particulars address A, S. MANN. 613
MARKET ST.. 8AN FRANCISCO.
Tahoe Tavern at Lake Tatioa
Is now open for the reception ef guests.
Our patrons of last season says "Ta-
boo Tavern Is the equal of any summer
resort hotel In the world,"
and that Lake Tahoe has no equal. Visit us
and prove statement for yourselves. Rxtea
from $3. SO per day upward. For particulars
or reservation of room* addresa Tabo* Tavern.
Tahoe City. CaL
HOTEL WILLITS.
First season. New building; up to data
equipment; over a hundred rooms, handsomely
furnished; large dintng-room; rooms an sult«
with private baths; hot and cold water: elec-
tric lights; flrit-claas plumbing and perfect
sewerage. Redwoods and mountalnoua country
around with all their pleasures: center of th*
deer hunting and fishing of .Mendoclno County.
|2 to $3 50 per day: $10 to $ IS per week. Ad-
dress WILLIAM WEIQAND, Manager. Wtl-
llts. MendodPO Comity. C«X. '
Seigler Hot Springs.
Natural hot baths, wonderful stomach waters.
swimming pond, games, livery; J9 to $14 p«r
week. Booklets at Peck's, tl Montgomery et.,
or H.- H. McOOWAN. Seigler. Lak» Co.. Cal.
Campbell Hot Springs.
IS hours' rail to Boca: stags for springs con-
nects ft p. m. train from, city; round trip, in-
cluding stage. $14 00. good tor season. Ratea.
•1O per weeit. ' -.
Vichy springs;
3 miles from Ukiah, Mendoclno Co. Natural
electric waters, champagne baths. Only plac*
In the world of this class. Fishing, hunting.
Crystal Springs.- Accommodation*: table nrst-
clara. J. A. REPEMETBR A CO.. Propsw -
FESCADEBO.
Swanton House, under new management.
popular hotel of San Mateo Co. Commodious
cottages, beautiful grounds, famous pebbU
beach, fishing, hunting, sea bathing. Phone.
Rate*. *3 and $10 per week. W. L. STEVENS.
Proprietor. •¦ - . -.. ¦.
rsEEMAisr noTBis ;¦ "'
Auburn. Placer Co.. Cal. Most popular sum-
mer and winter resort in the foothills. Eleva-
tion 1400 feet. Electric bells. Electrlo llghta.
Prices moderate. Address
FREEMAN A WALSH. Proprietor*.
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM SATi CJ g> s&
Hydrotherapy. electricity. X-ray, massage * eta.
Modern. Ideally located. Send for Utmtore.
HAVANA CIGARS
JW^|gQ?j'-*3a^»>it>j^g>. .j<»JA£j^Lfy|^jCCfcQ jf^rifi^ii^^^^ ' i
ADVEBTISEMENTS. :"'
THOROUGHLY
PERMANENTLY
I DR. O. C. JOSLEN, |
8 The Le^jdlna; Specialist. M
H My methods appeal practically to fl
B men who have tried other treatments to. f
g meet with disappointment, or, at least,
M but temporary relief. I wish to im- Li
a press upon these men the fact that my tf
a superior skill Justifies me In making fl
|1 men's dlseares my specialty. I wish to B
H prove conclusively - that I am not of- fl
U fcring treatment such as most phy.
g slcians are able to give. ' No matter if Fl
B other doctors have failed to cure you, H
¦ feel fully assured that if I accept your H
H case the treatment given will be abso- H
fg luteljr scientific and fully ofCectlve. N
I 'WEAKNESS I
¦ Doslnc; the system, with powerful [I
¦ stimulants and tonics in an effort to I
3 restore functional vlg-or' can have but U
¦ one flnal result:, The condition Is ren- fl
B dered worse than before. "Weak- H
H ness" Is merely an indication of a low n
¦ form ¦ of inflammation in the prostate B
H gland, and this inflammation In but ag~ M
Q g-ravated' by stimulating remedies that I
0 excite temporary activity. 1 employ H
H the only scientific and fully effective fl
M treatment for "weakness," ef- M
H f ects a permanent cure by restoring j
¦ the prostate Eland to a sound and
H healthy state. ||
I I Cure Every Case I Treat i
I - v or Accept No Fee. |
M I also treat with the same unvarying H
tl success contaBiou3 blood polspning, Cf
H varicoeele, hydrocele, . stricture and all B
B reflex ailments.: If others have failed 9
ffl to cure you. by all means come to me. H
| I CAN and I WILL, "cure you? e / one '
B Consultation and advice fiee at of-
¦ flee or by mail. Send! for my copy-
|1 righted pamphlet, "Live -All Your
|j Tears. a Man." It is free. too.
I DR • 0. G; JpSLEN;
| Cor. Market and Kearny Streets.
1 Private entrance, 702 Market st. '
I . want your , trade and will make special
efforts to please you. •
JOE H. ROSENllERG. 135 Stockton st.OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COMPANY'S SPLENDID TWIN LINERS, WHICH
LEFT THIS PORT YESTERDAY IN COMPANY, ONE BOUND FOR
TAHITI AND THE OTHER FOR HONOLULU.
Racing at The Meadows.
SEATTLE, Wash.. Aug. 15. — Fallowing- Is
a summary of to-day's racing at The Meadows:
2:17 pace, best- three in flve^ — Won by Rita
H in three stralgnt heats: OJlle M second, Oma
A third. Best time. 2:12%.
Five and a half furlongs — Dr. Sherman won.
Judge Naplon second, Vince third. Time, 1 :«ii« .
Five furlongs — George Berry won, Annie Ma
rie second. Colonel Bozy third. Time, 1:02.
Three and a half furlongs — Queen T won,
Misty's Pride second. Glendennlng third. Time,
:41. ¦ - '
One mile and fifty yards— Ohio Girl won, Mo
rcngo second. Augei third. Time. 1:46%.
• Six furlongs — Blissful won. Sallle Goodwin
second Nanon third. Time. 1:14.
Ono mile, handicap — Solon won. Colonel Van
second. Rosario third. Time. 1:40%. ¦
Steamer. From. I Due.
Bonita.. Seattle Aug. 10
R. Dollar San Pedro Aug. ltf
SanPedro.,.. Grays Harbor Aug. 10
Chehalls Grays Harbor Aug. Iff
San Mateo Tacoma Aug. 17
Del Norte Crescent City Aug., 17
Amer. Maru.. China & Japan Aug. 17
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Aug. 17
Sierra Sydney A Way Ports.. Aug. 17
North Fork. .": Humboldt Aug. 18
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Aug. 18
Argo Eel River Ports Aug. 18
Pomona Humboldt Aug. 18
Coronado Grays Harbor Aug. 18
Enterprise.... HUo -.4 Aug. 18
Cooe Bay Newport & Way Ports. Aug. IS
Columbia Portland & Astoria.. .| Aug. IS
Iaqua San Pedro |Aug. 19
Mlneola Tacoma fAu<. 19
Eureka Humboldt Aug. 20
S. Monica San Pedro Aug. 20'
Santa Rosa., . San Diego A Way PrtB. Aug. 20
Centralla Grays Harbor Aug. 20
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports Aug. XU
Acapulco New York via Panama Aug. 20;
Corona Humboldt I Aug. 21
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena Aug. 21
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Aug. 22
Rival Willapa Harbor Aug. 22
Rainier ... Seattle &. Whatcom. .. Aug. 22
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports Aug. 22
Newburg Grays Harbor ...¦;.... Aug. 2.J
J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma Auk. 'zi
O. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria.... Aug. 2.1
fiH«ia Seattle Aug. 24
K °rea China & Japan Aug. 25
Queen Puget Sound Ports Aug. 25
Per " 1 Ntw Tork via Panama Aug. 23
- , TO SA1U
Steamer. Destination. Sail*. Pier.
„ ¦ An*ofit IO. "
Montara .. Seattle direct B pm Pier 9
Czarina.... Coos Bay Direct... 0 pm Pier S
S. Rosa gan Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 19
G. W. Eider Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
\ Anffunt 17.
Samoa..... X*fa Angeles Ports. 0 am Pier 2
Arcata Coos B.&Pt. Orford 4 pm Pier 13
Phoeclx... Mendocino Direct.. 1 pm Pier 13
Chlco Coqullle River ....I 6 pm Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt fl2 m Pier 13
Corona Humboldt ..l:30pPler «
Bonita Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier 19
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
AnKnut 18.
Atholl...... China & Japan.... 2 pm Pier 27
Coptic China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
Coronado. . . Los Angeles Ports.. 10 am Pier 10
Aojjunt IO.
C. Nelson.. Los Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 2
lequa Ilu.mboldt 4 pm Pier ¦'
SanPedro.. Humboldt ........ 4 pm Pier 2
Alliance Eureka &. Coos Bay 10 am Pier 16
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11-am Pier »
Centennial. J Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier •>
Angniit Ho. .
Centralia... Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 10
Arctic Humbcldt 12 m Pier 10
S. Monica,. Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier *»
Pomona. ... Humboldt 1:30 p Pl«r a
Argo. .:.... Eel River Ports .... 4 pm Pier 2
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 0 am Pier la
Minnewaskp New York direct Pier
Ancuot 21.
North Fork. Humboldt 5 pm Pier ' 2
Coos Bay... Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 19
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pi»r 24
Au&riiNt 22.
Nebraskan. Honolulu & Kahulul 3 pm Pier 16
Barracouta . N. Y. via Panama 12 m Pier 4u
Anoint 24.
Umatllla. . . Puget Bound Ports. 11 am Pier ft
Angniit 2O.
A. Maru... China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Rival Willapa Harbor... 4 pm Pier 2
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. ' Sails.
Oregon Nom* Aug. 1<J
F.iiita Ana Ccoks Inlet & Way Pts. Aug. 16
Dolphin Bkagway & Way Ports! Aug. 17
Portland 'Nome k St. Michael.. [Aug. 20
Dirigo Skagway & Way PortsiAug. iw
City Seattle. .. SSkagway A Way Ports|Aug.i 21
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports Aug 2°
Nome City Cooka Inlet A Way Pts-iAug. Ji-
Cottage City. . Skagway & Way Ports Aug. 27
CltyTopeka.. Skagway & Way Ports|Aug. 2»
SOUTHAMPTON. L. I.. Aug. 15.— The
tennis experts finished their play In the
tournament on the courts of the Meadow
Club to-day. The special feature of the
day was William Larned's defeat of Regi
nald Doherty in an exhibition match in
rthe singles, 6-3. 6-4, &-i.
BotlT the Dohertys and their partners
were defeated in tne mixed doubles in
the morning. Miss Pell and J. C. Clothier
defeated Miss Kobbe and H. L. Doherty,
6-4, 6-3, and Miss Holllns and O. S. Camp
bell defeated Miss R. Hiss and I. P. Doh
erty, 6-3. 6-0.
The only one of the Englishmen to re
tain his place was Harold S. Mahoney.
He was paired with Mrs. Hoadley and
they defeated Miss Russell and R. P.
Huntington, 6-4,' 7-5, in the finals.^
Englishmen and Their Partners Losa
Hatches in the Mixed
Doubles.
LARNED DEFEATS DOHERTY
/ IN" AN EXHIBITION GAME
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the euccesxive tide* of the
day In the order of occurrence as v"> time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
6l«n precedes the heights, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth Riven by
the charts. The plane of reference la the mean
of the lower • low waters.
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
mlnu(e« later than at Fort Point: the height ol
tide Is the same at both places.
SUNDAY, AUGUST 16.
Sun rises 5:25 a. m.
Sun sets 7:03 p. m.
Moon rises 11:52 p. m.
C ITlmel Tlmel Time Time
£ 1 1 Ft. Ft- Ft. Ft.
1» H W L W H_W ~ L W
10 1 6:01 3.8 10:47 2.6 6:09 6.4|
LW HW LW HW
17 0:24 0.6 7:28 3.9 11:55 2.8 6:10 5.5
18 1:23 0.2. 8:S7 4.2 1:05 2.8 7:14 5.«
19 2:20—0.319:32 4.5 2:10 2.7 8:17 5.8
20 3:12 — O.D|1O:1S 4.8 3:0t 2.5 0:17 6.0
21 3:591 — 0.7 11:00 5.1 4:00 2.1 10:14 6.0
22 4:42—0.7 11:40 5.4 4:30 1.8 11:09 6.9
SIXTH RACE^ — One and three-sixteenth
miles; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. Et. % Fin.
5 to 1 — Neversueh. 06 (Higglns)... 1 3 11
4 to 1 — Mor. Volmer. 100 (Howell) 3 I 2 n
3 to 1 — Satin Coat, 105 (Watson).. 2 o 3 4
Time, 2:03. Start good. Won handily.
Winner, J. K. Hughes' ch. c by Mirthful-
Clymena. Eugenia S 95, South Breeze 95,
Marcos 105. Little Lois 102. also ran.
FIFTH RACE: — Mile and seventy yards;
selling: \
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 5— Irish Jewel. 117 (Sheehan) 7 1 1 %
7 to 1— Our Lady. 107 (Higglns).. 3 2 2n
12 to 1-^Custus. 103 (Byxbee) 5 3 3 1%
Time, 1:48. Start good. Won easily. Winner,
P. M. Clvill's ch. g. by Springbok-Emerald.
Mallory 102, Exaro 91, Klngstelle 104, Ultra
Vires 101, Hydrophobia 110, also ran.
Time, 1:14. Start good. Won easily. Winner,
AV. W. Elliott's br. m. by Hermence-Ala Lala.
Lasso^OO, Frank Bell 110, Santa Ventura 97,
also ran.
FOURTH RACE: — Six furlongs; handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1 — Miss Mae Day, 107 (Smith) 5 4 12
4 to 1— Kindred, 106 (J. Sheehan). 2 3 22
6 to 1— Stand rat, 94 (D. Austin).. 3 5 8Hi
THIRD RACE — Five and b. half furlongs;
Belling:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
15 to 1— Wenrlck, 9J (Niblock) 2 3 11
4 to 1— Dr. Cartledge. 100 (Smith) 4 2 2 7
3 to 1 — Pretension. OS (Perkins).. 5 1 ?4
Time, 1 :08. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, W. Gerst's ch. c. by Pirate of Pcn
zance-Mlss Celestlna. . Tressallan 100. Falk
land ltHi, Burrows 109, Haven Run 100, Bride
100, also ran. *
Time, 1:44. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner,-T. E. Burnett's ch. m. by St. Charles-As
sistance. Golden Glitter 07, King Rose 97, also
SECOND RACE — Mile and twenty yards;
purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Kin.
7 to ly — I Know, 104 (Higgins)... 2 ' 1 1 1^
7 to 2— Plrateer, 100 (Shilling) 4 4 2 tt
4 to 1 — Evea. G. 08 (L..A.Jackson) 5.5 34
ST. LOUIS, 15.— The fourth race,
a slx-furlong handicap, was the feature
event of a very fair card at Kinloch Park
to-day and was won very easily by the
favorite. Miss Mae Day. Wenrlck, in the
third race, showed a remarkable and sud
den reversal of form, and, backed from
60 to l,to 15 CO 1. won his'race In a drive.
Weather clear; track fast. Summary:
FinST RACE — Five and a half furlongs:
selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 2— AUegrette. 95 (Higglns)... 6 11ft
7 to 2— Leecli, 100 (J. SheehanJ 7 4 2n
8 to 1— Tiomaine. 95 {Upton). ..... 4 3 38
Time, 1:10. Start good. Won handily. Win
ner. R. E. Watkins & Co.'s ch. f. by Silver
Fox-Aliqulpa, Enigma 95. Bessie Kirby U5,
Maxrose lw), Buzzy 1»5, also ran. . ":
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Odds Are Lowered From
Sixty to Fifteen and
He Wins Driving. ,
Killing -Made on a Two-
Year-Olcf Racer at
Kinloch. •
WENRICK SHOWS
FORM REVERSAL
-The native, asrency in' the missions of
the American' board has increased in num
ber during; the. last decade j from 2G00 to
&81. This Ms in accordance with Its set
tled policy"" of raising up native teachers
to spread the Gospel among their own
people
NEW YORK. Aug. 15.— The America's
cup challenger Shamrock III and the cup
defender Reliance occupied adjoining dry
docks, in the Erie Basin to-day and many
people gathered about them. The Re
liance will be in the dock until Wednes
day, when both boats will be measured
officially. Sir Thomas Llpton said that
Captain Bevis" of -the Shamrock I would
sail on the Shamrock III during the races
but that Captain Wrlnge would be In
command; of the challenger.'..- ¦
Captain "Wrlnge to Command.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United State* Coast and Geodetic . Survey —
Time and Heights of Hlgh\and Low
Waters at Fcrt Point, entrance to San
K»anciseo Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. '
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
Toe time ball on the Ferry bulldlnr was
dropped exactly at noon to-day, 1. «.. at noon
ot the 120th meridian, or" at 8 p. m. Greenwich
time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant, U. S. N., In Charge.
I
Branch Hydrocraphic Office, U. 8. N., Mer
chants' Kxchanse. San Francisco. C&L,
August 15. 1903.
Time Ball.
TATOOSH— Passed In Aus 15— Stmr Pert-
July 23. lat 5 N. Ion 29 W. Br «h!p Indore,
from 'Port Biakeley, for United Kingdom.
Auzr'lO. 50 miles from Unlmak. stmr Ohio,
from Seattle, ft* Nome.
TELHGJIAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. AuV 15. 10 p m — Weather
thick; wind fi. velocity 8 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SPOKEN
Saturday, August 15.
Sttnr Santa Barbara. Zaddart, San Pedro.
I Ptmr Alameda, Dowdell, Honolulu.
' Stmr MaripoEa, Pjennie^ Tahiti.
Stmr San Jose, Brown, Panama.
Stmr St Paul. Lindquist, St Michael and
Some.
Ktror G C Lindauer. Allen. Grars Harbor.
* Stror Alcaiar, Martin. Point Arena.
fitmr South Coart. Olsen, Caspar.
Stmr Navarro. Weber, Flshermans Bay.
Stmr Brooklyn, Kiggins. Fort Bragg, with
fcchr Abble in tow.
f-'tmr Newsboy. A6>r, Mendocino.
I'.Kir. 6 N Castle. Nilson. Honolulu.
r?rig W G Irwtn. Garthley, lioche Harbor.
Hrhr Atbie. Larsen. l-'ish Rock, in tow cf
eUr.r Hrocklyn.
Schr Oakland, Brcwn, Tlllamook.
SAILED
Saturday. Auruat 13.
Stmr Sao Job*. Brown, Panama; Pacific Mall
Steamship Co.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall, Astoria: O R
& N Co.
Ftn-.r St Paul. Lin^culst. St Michael and
Nome; JCortliern Comnjerclal Co.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Saturday. August 15.
Ettsr Ramon*. Eagles. 56 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, 64 XJ houre
from Victoria.
Stmr Corona, Jchsson. 18 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Phoenix. Odland, IS hours from Meo
io-lno. via Point Arena 32 hours.
Ftnir EdiUi. HrUI. S)7 hours from Seattle.
Ktmr Eureka, Jfssr»i, 24 hour* from Eureka.
1* etmr Clavertr.K. Barton, 53 days from
Hongkcre, V.a Tokohatra 40 days, via Hono
lulu » daya.
• CLEARET*.
To Central America — 2126 bbls Sour. 5C1 gals
w-.ne, 2S pkgs groceries and provisions. 40 pkgs
fresh fruit, 05 pkgs potatoes, 500 lbs raisins.
10.M.D railroad tics. 114 cs coal oil.* 54 pkga
pair.ts and oils. 112 eks coke. 27 cks coal, 3
tons p'.g iron. 4 boiler tubes, 12 pkgs leather,
503 fire bricks.
To Colombia — 730 bbls flour. 1621 gals wine.
100 cs canned palmon, 2G2 pkgs potatoes and
onions, 70 cs assorted canned goods, 25 cs
whisky. 41 coils rope.
To New York — 53,675 rale trine, r 1900 lbs
rice, 4250 lbs dried hides. 30 bales old rope.
In addition to the foregoing the steamer
carried 50 cs canned salmon, valued at S200,
«>n route to Port of Spain, Island of Trinidad;
6 cs boots and shoes, valued at $3*0. for Mcl
*»ni1<\ Peru, and 114,450 lbs dried fruit, valued
et S-iTOO, for Harfiburg, Germany.
,T"Vt*t^u». x0<> Casks galcksilver; 21ZJ lbs sooa,
B30 bu'.s thcoks. 131 pes 5 bdls iron, 8 bdls 11
bars etee!, Zi pkgs paints, 7 pkgs dry goods,
l-TJ crtt; lire brick, 47 pkgs machinery, 20 bales
Va;;s. 10 bdls oars, 1 cs arms and amunition,
o drums; ammonia, 50 boiler tubes.
The 'steamer San Jose, which sailed yester
cay for Panama and way ports, carried cargo
for Mexico, valued sit $12,897: Central Amer
ica. *lt.C"55; Colombia, $4M4; New York. $113.
«i2. ' The leading experts were as follows:
To .Mexico — 0S7 pals wine. S3 pkgs fresh
fruit, ti ; r.^s potatoes, 7 pkgs grjoerit-3 and
«
Exports by the Panama Steamer.
The British bark Kilmeny is chartered for
v.-heat and barley to Europe at 15s «>d. and the
Ilritifh £l-,Sp Peric!e!« for barley to London at
3'.* .'id. The French bark Emma Laurans.
vhich arrived on Friday, was chartered prior
i:> arrival for wheat to Europe at 21s 3d. The
British bark Cloch is chartered for lumber
and merchandiie to Melbourne (lump cum).
iid will pick up a large cumber at
¦our.d calling I'lace,
»
NITWS OF THE OCEAN.
The Alaska Cjumercial Company's rte&m
s-hlp St. Paul sailed yesterday for Cape Nome
by way cf Seattle. She took some passengers
St. Paul Sails for Nome.
The sifitmehip San Jose, Captain Brown.
f=ai>d .yesterday on h«»r one hundredth voyage
19 Panama. £he carried about thirty passen
gers. Among them wtre two sons of President
Kscalon pf Salvador. She carried 2300 tons of
freight. mh;ch included 10.000 railroad ties
for San Jose de Guatemala.
San Jose's Hundredth. Trip.
The Occidental a--id Oriental eteamship Cop
tic, -which sails Tuesday for the Orient, calling
at Manila, 'will take 4250 tons of cargo, of
which more than l(*x> tons go to the Philip
pine port. Hi*r freight includes 1S00 tons of
flour and h<r Manila freiffht will consist in
part of 11,500 railroad ties and 100,000 feet of
lumber.
Railroad Ties for Manila.
GLASGOW— Arrived Aug 14— Stair Siberian,
from Philadelphia, via St Johns.
CHERBOURG — Arrived Aug 15 — Stmr
Moltk*. from New York, via Plymouth, for
Hamburg, and proceeded.
Sailed Aug 15 — Stmr' Auguste Victoria, for
New York; etmr New York, from Southamp
ton, for New York.
ANTWERP— Sailed Aug 15— Stmr Xroon
land, for New York. -
HAVRE— Sailed Aug 15— Stmr La Bretagne.
for New York. *
LIVERPOOL — Sailed Aug 15 — Etmr Umbria,
for New York.
PLYMOUTH — Arrived Aug 15 — Stmr Bar
badocs, frdfri New York, for Cherbourg and
Bremen, and proceeded.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug 15— Stmr St
Paul, from S'jutbamoton and Cherbourg; stmr
Celtic, from Liverpool and Queenstown.
Sailed Aug 15 — Stmr Prinz Slgmund, for
Hamburg: stmr Etruria. for Liverpool; stmr
Finland for A*ttwen>; stmr Mesaba, for Lon
don; Etmr Lahn. for »ples. etc; stmr Mar
<juette, for London; etmr Astoria, for Glas-
K °BREMEN'— Sailed Aue 15— Stmr Frlederlch
der Grosse. for New York, via Cherbourg.
ROTTERDAM — Arrived Aug 15 — Stmr Pots
dam, from New York, via Boulogne.
Sailed Aug 15— Stmr Rotterdam, for New
York.
(JUEENSTOWN— Arrived Aug 15— Stmr Ara
bic, from Ntw York, for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded.
Sailed Aug 15— Stmr Cymric, for New York.
LONDON— Sailed Aug 15 — Stmr Minneapo
lis, for Xew York. '
ANTWERP — Sailed Aug 1 — Ger stmr Neko.
for San Francisco.
DOVER — Passed Aug 14 — Br bark Ventura,
from Shields, for Port Los Angeles.
YOKOHAMA — Sailed Aug 14 — Br Btinr Gae
lic, for San Francisco.
Arrived prior to Aug 15— Jap stmr Shlnano
Maru. from Seattle.
JAPANESE PORT — Arrived prior to Aug 15
Stmr Doric, fro»n San Fralclsco. via Hono
lulu '
GUATMAS— Sailed Aug 15— Schr Fearless,
for Falrhaven.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Sailed Aug 14— Br bark
Inverness, for Ban Francisco. Aug 13— Bktn
Eenicla, for Honolulu.
HONGKONG — Arriv^ prior to Aug 15 — Br
stmr Indrapura. from Oregon.
OCEAN STEAMERS. >
HONOLULU— Sailed Aug 15 — Stmr Siberia,
for Yokohama.
HTLO— Arrived Aug 14 — Bark Roderick Dhu,
from San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ISLAND PORTS.
y
land, from Nome, for Seattle; stmr James Dol
lar, hence Aug 12. for Seattle.
WHATCOM — Arrived Aug 15 — Stmr Ralnisr,
from Seattle; schr Mildred, from Honolulu.'
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived Aue 15— Stmr
South Bay, from Eureka.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed Augr 15— Etmr
Santa Monica, for Post Los Angeles. •
PORT TOWNSEXI>— Arrived Aug 15— Schr
G W Watson, from Apia; schr Camano, from
East London.
EVERKTT — Arrived Aug 15 — Stmr Rainier,
from Seattle. ,
Arrived Aug 15— Stmr Umattlla, from Se
attle.
ABERDEEN— Sailed Aug lS^Stmr Corona
do, for San Pedro. /
EAST 6AN PEDRO — Sailed Aug 15 — Stmr
WhtUler, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Aug 15 — Stmr Pomona,
hence Aug 14.
Sailed Aug 15— Tug H H Buhne. for San
Francisco.
Arrived Aug 15— Schr Metha Nelson, from
Topolobampo; etmr Redondo, hence Aug 14.
Sailed Aug 15 — Schr Ida McKay, for San
PORT GAMBLE — Arrived Aug 15 — Schr
Alice Cooke. from Port Townsend.
COOS BAY— Arrived Aug 15— Stmr Alliance,
from Astoria. .- _ ,
SEATTLE— Arrived Aug 15— Stay Spokane,
from Skagway.
Arrived Aug 15 — Stmr Oregon, from Jsom^
A&TORIA— Sailed Aug 15 — Schr Virginia,
for San Francisco.
WESTPORT-j-Sailed Aug 15— Stmr Ruth, for
Redondo. *• _.
HARDT CREEK— Arrived Aug 15— Stmr
Fulton, hence Aug 14.
NOME — Sailed Aug 7 — Stmr Tarnpico. for
SANDIEGQ— Sailed Aug 15 — Schr Irene, for
Columbia River. ' _ .
GRAVS HARBOK— Arrived Aug 14— Schr
Queen, hence- July 28.
Sailed Auc 14 — Stmr San Pedro, for San
Francisco; schr F M Slade. for East London.
Succeeds Captain Jesse M. Baker.
Captain V. K. Ilart of the Seventeenth
Tnlted States Infantry has been ordered to the
transport Thomas as quartermaster, to suc
ceed Captain Jesse M. .Baker. Captain Baker.
•whose administration on the Tftomashas been
highly MLtlstactory to the department and
skillful management has done much
toward making the Thomas a favorite ship for
eoldier passengers cf all degrees, 6lck or In
pood health, has been detailed for duty at
l'ortland. Or., as disbursing paymaster.
The China Commercial Company** steam
ship Claverlnr. which arrived yesterday from
the Oriant. hid been through Quite a spell of
trtbolaSSoa since she left Hongkong M days
aga. Ste Bpitted herself on a coral reef off
the harbor of Honolulu and the getting off
and Fubsequest repairing proved tedious and
expensive operations. The Clavering was nine
days corr.lr.g from Honolulu. She brought 1S37
tons of freight.
Clavering Arrives.
The Marlposa's passengers included
Charles Sarka. M. Vernandon, H. Ramble
and John K. Sumner.
Silas E. A Babb. Mrs. H. C. .Brown. A-
Ganie. Mm. Garvie, TV. G. Irwtn. H. Jaeger.
Mi*. L. B. Kerr. Miss JCerr. Bishop I>1 ben e,
VF. P. Miller. 1>. I\ Mitchell. Mrs. U ltchel ,
Miss M. Hoasmin. ills* Neumann. O- K.edel.
Mrs. Rledel. infant and maid: Judre Robin
son. R. T. Jlolph. C. Pu Kol. Raymond Sharpe.
Mje. Snarc»a ard child. Car! S. Smith. Mrs.
Smith and two children. Father S >»J«rter.
n*ar Admiral P. W. Terry and valet. Robert
WaJlaoe. Mrs. Wallare and two children. H.
P Watkltis, Mrs. J. B. Watson. H. P. Weller
and J. H. VUmb.
Rear Admiral S. W. Terry, the new
commandant of the Hawaiian naval sta
tion, sailed on the AJameda. He was un
accompanied, except for his valet. W. G.
Irwin of Honolulu was another passen
ger. Bishop Libert e, who came up a few
weeks ago for his ordination. Is returning
to his see. Judge Robinson of Honolulu
Is going back on the Alameda and among
the other passengers are people well
known here and at the Island port.
Th« Alameda's passengers were:
THE Oceanic Steamship Company's
famous twin liners, Mariposa and
Alaraeda, left Pacific-street •wharf
together at 11 o'clock yesterday
morning: and passed out to . the
ocean in company. The Mariposa, bound
for Tahiti, carried fewer passengers than
usoaj, but tfce Alameda la taking to Hono
lulu more than two score of well known
people.
OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COMPANY'S TWINS
SAIL TOGETHER FOR SOUTH SEA PORTS
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, SUNDAY; AUGUST 16, 1903.
35
¦ ', •-• AJJ VllttTISEMENTB.
I Men, I Want to Talk to
j You About This Belt
fH /^^ X&!ilf& ? want to talk to men who have
H l\ P a i ns an d aches, who feel run down
H TVJ5 physically, who realize that the old
m /»K — *^"^' "fire" and energy which was so ev-
H >«-^y '^h^jtsr^r^ '^ ent ' n youth is absent now; men
H £ j!\/&$\^*^ /^Iffl w^.° cant sta "d the amount of c^c-
H / /ev y^| UIIm s ertion they could years ago, I want
M f Agr I ucB^ ou —^ t^ lat mcans y° u — to see
m k \ V**l2r / what I have done for others who
H Wy^i were just as bad off. That's my
m I introduction. If a friend in'whom you had confi-
¦ — Vy\ ? a/\ cnce presented some one io you and sj*id, "Jack,
I |m l^ sKr n here's- Brown; he has made good withwe, and I
H I \\ fl trust him," wouldn't you trust him, too?
gfj I /jj ' J ) Now, if you don't feel right, I can cure you with
H ft""***/ J my - Electric Belt - y° u ' are u11 °* rheumatic
1 ra w JL' 4* pains, I can knock them out. I can pour oil into
m T'7.\, your joints and limber them up. I have often said
M / • 4 ? t ' iat P a ' n an(^ electricity' can't live in the same
P I'll \ house, and I prove it every day.
M \\ w « Mr - L - J> Ra^mett of Tlllamook. Or., writes: "Your treat-
IP l\ I m ment certainly does what no other can. for It has cured me. I
Wj 111 cannot praise the belt too highly, and gladly recommend It In
E| II |L V. any case ot vltaJ weakness."
j p . LJ &^jL ¦ I' It were not (or the prejudice dne to tbe great
' M TjH number of taken In the Innd I wonld not be able
! H CO to hnndle the bnalnexn that would come tf» me.
! IS W The "Free Belt" fraud and the. "Free Drujs"
j eh i ncheme. which nre not free at all. have made
EH every one skeptical, bat I know that I have a good thlnsr, and I'll
a hammer away until yon know It.. .
1 One thing every man ought to know is this: Your body is a ma-
tt chine. It is'run by the steam in your blood and nerves. When you
I begin to break down in any way you are out of steam. • That's just
1 what I want to give you back. . T • \
a Mr. A. Hubbs of Callstoga, Cal., says: "My rheumatism has 'entirely dlsap-
| peared, my digestion is perfect, I have gained eight pounds In weight and all the
a symptoms of weakness are gone, which is remarkable, considering my age."
| I have a cure In every town. Tell me where yon live and I
2 will grive you the name of a- man I've cured.
v - I Tell me your trouble and I will tell you honestly whether I can
a cure you or not. If I can't cure you I don't want your money. I have
H been in this business 22 years, and I am the biggest man in it to-day
83 " by long odds, and I am growing yet, because I g^ye every Vnan all he
la pays for. ,__
M Now, wouldn't you rather wear my life-giving appliance while
i| you sleep every night, and feel its glowing warmth pouring into
||" you, and feel yourself taking on a new lease of life with each applica-
KJ tion, than to clog your intestines up with a lot of' nauseous drugs?
H Surely! Try me.
|J Mr. Abraham Spady of Alcatraz, Cal., writes: "I am cured of all my former
Ira ailments, and you have my heartfelt g ratitude for what your treatment has done for
E9 me." •
H If you will come and see me I'll explain it to you. If you can't
W call let me send you my book, full of the things a man finds inspir-
n ing to strength and courage. Free if you send this ad.
|j . NEVER S0U> IN DRUG STORES OR BY AGENTS.
J Dr. M. C. McLaughHr., 9O l« ; V. 81
ra Office Hours — 8 a. m. to 8 n. m. ; Sundays, 10 to 1.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
® Steamers leave San Fran-
clrco as follows:
For Ketchikan, Juneau,
Halnes, Skagway, etc, Alas-
ka— 11 a. m.. August 4, 9.
14, 19. 24, 29. Sept. 3.
Change to company's steam-
ers at Seattle.
Fbr - Victoria, Vancouver,
Port Townsend. Seattla. Ta-
coma, Everett, Whatcom — 11 a. m., August 4,
9, 14. 10. 24. 29. Sept. 3. Change at Seattle
to this company's steamers for Alaska and G.
N. Ry.; at Seattle for Tacoma to N. P. Ry 1 .;
at Vancouver to C. P. Ry. •
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:30
p. m., August 2. 8. 141 20. 26. Sept. JL; Corona,
l:3O p. m., August. 5. 11. 17. 23. 26, Sept. 4.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara—
Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays, ft a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara. 8anta Cru». Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Ilarford
(San Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneros.
Coos Bay, B a. ' nw August . 6, 13, 21, 29,
Sept. 6. ,
Bonlta, 9 a. m., Aur. 17, 25, Sept. 2.
¦" For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Joxe del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a, m., 7th of each
month. -. " " ¦ • • • ¦ , '
For further Information obtain folder.
' Right Is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing dates. '
TICKET OFFICES— 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel), 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
Freight office, 10 Market street.
C. D. DUNANN, General Passenger Agent.
. ¦ iQ Market St.. San Francisco.
- 6;-j?. 8t : N. co.
"Columbia" sails Aug. 21, 31. "George W
Elder" calls Aug. 16. 20. Gnly steamship line-
to PORTLAND. OR., and short rail line from
Portland to all points: East. Through ttckefs
to all points, all rail or steamship and rail at
LOWEST RATES. Steamer tickets Include
berth and meals. Steamer sails fcot of Spear
Bt. at 11 a. m. S.'F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass
Dept.. 1 Montgomery St.: C. CLIFFORD. Gen.-
Agt. Frt. Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
- (ORIENTAL* STEAMSHIP CO.) :.' ;
Steamers will .leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan istreets. at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlogo),
Nagasaki \ and .Shanghai .and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
cargo received on board on day of salllnr •
S. 3 AMERICA MARUI . . .\ ........... ."i
I \: ....... .'.. . . .Wpdnesday. August 26 1903
S.S. HONGKONG MARU (calling at Ma-
nila).. Saturday, September 19. 1903
S. S. NIPPON MARU
-' .............:.. .Thursday. October 16, 1903
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates.. For freight anrl passage, apply at^Com-
pany's office.- 421 Market street, corner First
W. H. AVERT. General Agent! .
¦ 20are ! Island : and Vallejo Steamers.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—*
9:45 a. m., 3:15 and fi:30 p. m.,; except Sunday.
Sunday. 9:45 a. m.', 8:30. p. m.. Leave Vallejo
7 a. m/ t 12::»0 noon, ;G p. m.; ex. Sunday.: Sun-
day,' 7 a. m.;- 4:15 p. in. 'Fare, 50 cents. . .Tel.
Main ! 1308. '¦-, Pier 2, Mlsslon-et. ; dock. HATCH
BROS.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RT.CO.
LBSSEB
5AH FRANCISCO AND NORTH ?ACIFiB
2AI1WAY COMPAZTT.
Tiboroa Perry, root of Marksrt Si.
SA2J- FEAHCISCO TO SAW BAr»f,7>
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 9:00. '11:00 a. m.:
- 12:85. 2:30. 3:40, 5:10, 5:50, 6:30 and 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30, 8:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:20.
2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 6:30, 11:30 p. m. T m
SA2T EAPAEL TO SAIT rEAxTCXSCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 6:50. 7:35. 7:50. 9:20.
11:15 a. m.; 12:50, »2:00. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20,
6:25 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:50. 7:35. 9:20. 11:15 a. m.: 1:45,
3:10, 4:50, 6:00. 6:20. 6:10. 6:25 p. m.
•Except Saturdays.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco, f May 3. 1003. |San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- [ Week .
Days. I days. | tlon. | days. | Days.
I 7:30 % 7:45 a 7:45 a
7:30a 8:00 a 8:40a 8:40a
8:00 a 0:30 a Irnaclo. 1O:2O a 10:20 a.
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:10 p < 6:20 p 7:25 p
« 7 :25 p
7:30 al 7:30 a 7:45 a 7:45 a
8:00 a P:00a Novato, •. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 9:30 a Fetaluma, 6:20 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:25 p
6:10 p , Santa Rosa.
7:30 a 7:80 a ,' 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:25 p «:20p
2:30 p 2:a0p 7:25 p
I . Windsor.
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdeburs. 10:20 a 10:20 a
- \ « Lytton.
2: JO pf 2:30 p Geyserville. 7:25 p 7:25'p
I Clo^erdale.
7:30 al 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Ultlah. | 7:25 p| 7 25 p
7:30 a| 7:30 a| Willits. - | 7:25 p| 7:25 p
8:00 al 8:00 a I Camp Vacation. 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:80 pi 2:30 p| au*mevlll«. ¦ | 7:25 p[ 6:20 p
8:00 al 8:00 al Sonoma. I 8:40 at 8:40 a
5:10 p{ 5:10 p| . Glen Ellen. | 6:00 p] 0:20 p
7:30 al 7:30 al ~ ~~*~ "~ |iO:2»a|10:20a
2:30 p| 2:30 pi Sebastopol. I 7:25 pj 6-^0 p
STAGES connect at Graen Brae for San
Quentin: at Shnta Rosa for White Sulphur
Spring*: at Fi'ltcn lor Altruria end Mark
West SprUiirs;-at Lyttcn for Lytton Springs:
at Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at Clover-
dale for the Geysers. Booneville and Green-
wood: at Hopland for Duncan Springs. High-
land . Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs.
Soda Bay. Lakeport And Bartlett Springs: at
Ukiah for Vichy Spring*. Saratoga. Springs,
Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs,
Upper Lake, Porno. Potter Valley. John Day's.
Riverside, Lieriy' «, Bucknell's. Sanhedrin
Heights, Hullville. Orr's Hot Springs. Half-
way House, Comptche, Camp Stevens, Hop-
kins. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg. Westport.
Usal: at Willits for Fort Bragg-. Westport.
Sherwood. Cahto, Covello, Lay tonvlllt, Cum-
mings, Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer,
GarbervlUe, Pepper wood, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates. 1
On Sunday — Round-trip tlcxfetsf to all points
beyond San Rafael at> half-rates.
Ticket office. C50 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agt.
The Weekly Call.
" $1 pep Year* . ..
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave ami »re dne to nrri vo a:
HAH FICANCI.'iCo.
<>{»!n Line, toot of Market Street.) -
watk — From AiaoT 1. 1!K». — ak»it> .
7.00a BralcU, Klmtra *na Sacra-
mento 7.25?
74)0* VicaTllle, Wlnwrn. namsey .*. 7.25p
7.30* Martinez. Saa Raooa, Vallrjo,
N'apa. Calistox*. Saaid lloati .' B-25'
7.30* Kile*. LIversio-c, Latbrop. Stock-
/ ton... 7.23»
8-OOa D»Tl».Uooil]»nU. KaiKbM L«n<linr.
M!»rys\r.:e\ OroTllle. (coaaecu
•t Mnr.TKvillo for tlrWley, Btsga
• andCtlro) 75«»
8 00 \ Atlantic Bxpres»—OKuen«nd East. 1025*
800* Port Custa, Martinrx. Antioeh. Br-
ron.Trac7.Stoclct(ia.SacninieatOi.
I.o« Ilaooa. Menduta. Ilanfonl.
VIr.t.u. PortrrTllI* ¦,."*4.29»
8X0* Port Coctn. Martinez. Tracy. L*fh-
rop, ilo«lr»to. llerecd. Fretno,
Gosben Junction. Uiaforri, VI-
talla, Baksrtfleld 525*
-8^50* Sh*Jt» Ksprest — DnTls, WtVltami
<for Bartlett S»prlnj8). Wlllowa, *
tFruto. Bed BlnfT. Portland 7-53r
8.30a Nllea, Saa Jose. LlTennore. Stuck-
ton.Ionc.Sacramenu>,Plncenrllle,
M«ry»ri!lc. Chlco, Bed JIIbS 4-ZSr
8.30* "Oakdnle. Chinese. J»me«to«rn. So-
nora. Tuolirtnnr and Aaxela 4.25*
900* Martinci sad Way Stations.. 8.55P
10.00a Vallejo- IMS* .
'10-00 a El Pa«o P»Ksenf«r. Kaatbouad.—
Port CotM. Martinez. Brrou,
Tracy. iKtbrop. Stockton,
Merced. Raymond. Fresno, Baa-
ford. Vltalhi. Bakersfleld. Lo«
Angelet and Et Paso. (West-
bound arrives vU Coast Line)... •1.53T
1000a Tne Overland Limited — Ofden.
Dearer. Omaba. CblcsKO. 8.23?
I 12 OOw Harvard. Ntlea and Way 3uttont. 3-2Sr
11.00p Sacramento RlTer Steamers tii.OOr
3.30r Benlcla. Winters. Baeramento,
Woodland. Williams. Coln««,WU-
lo-orn, KnlEhU L»ndlnir. Maryt-
Ttlle. Ororllie and way stations.. 10.59*.
3 301" Hayirard.NtlesandWay SUtlont.. 7-55r
4.00f >lart!n<-».Si»nK»tnon.VAlleJo.Kapa,
• C*l!fto?^. Sfint* U<*t\ 9-25*
4 COp Mnrtlnez, Tr*cy.L»thrcp.3tockton. 1025a
4.00i« Nlles. LtTennore. Stockton. Lodl.. 4 25*
430r Hayward. NUes. Irvlngton, 8an I 18.55a
Jose. LtTermore f J1 1.65a
B COr Tbe Owl Ltmlted— Fresno. Tnlare.
Ba»ert&41d, Los Aojfelet; eon-
Beets a: 8an?ns for Santa Bar-
bara 8-55*
6C0p Port Costa, Tracy, Stockton, Lot
Itanoa 12.25?
tS-30r Hayward, Klles an«i Han Jose ..... 7.2Sa
S.OOp Hayward, Nlles and San Jcse. 10254
S.COp Oriental Mall— Opden. DenTer,
Omaha. St. Loals. Cblcago and
Eat t. (Carries Pullman C«j pa»-
tengers only out of Ban Fran-
Cisco. Toarlst car and coach
passengers take T.oo p. k. train
to Reno, continuing tbence la
tbeir cars cr.x. train esutward.. 4 £5*
Westbonnd, Sanset Limited.—
V . - From New Tork, Chicago, New
Orleans, El Paso. Lot AQfelet, ,
Fretno. Cerenda, Raymond (from
Yo»emlte). ?4artlnez. ArrlTes.. 8 25*
7.00r Ean Paulo. Port Costa. Martinez
and Way Stations 11. TS*
t7C0^ Vallejo 7.55»
7-OOf Port Costa. Benlcla. Snlsna, Davis,
Sacramento, Truckee. Reno.
Stops at all stations east of
Sacramento 7.55a
8C5p Oregon & California Kzpreii — Sac-
ramento, MarysTtile. Redding.
Portland. Puget Sound and East. 8-55-a
:S.10p Bay ward, Nlles and Saa Jose (3ai-
dayonly) i11.55*
11.25r Port Costa, Tracy. Latarop. Mo-
de no. Merced, Raymond (to Yo
cemltf), Kresno. Hanford, VI-
sall». Bakersfleld 12 25?
i COAST LINE (SarroT «a« S e>.
¦ (Foot of Mnrlce: Street.) '
I 17-45* Santa Crnz Excursion (Sunday
only) t&AQr
\ 8.16a Newer*. CenterTltle. San Jose.
i Felton. Bouliier Creek. Santav
j Cruz and Wny Stations 8 23*
j t2>1Sr Newark, CenterTlHe. San Jose.
j , NewA!mnden.LosG.itoi.?elton.
Boalder Creek. Saaca Crcs and
Principal Way Stations 10-51*
4.1Sp Newark. San Jose, Los Gatos and
way stations (nn Ssturdsy and
' Sunday runs through to Santa
Cruz; Monday only from Santa . .
Crnz). Connects at Felton to »
I and from Bouloer Cfeete f8.S8|
! HARBOR FERRY.
: From SAN FRANCISCO, iout of Market St. (Sllp»»
— fI:lS »:uo 11:00 a.m. 100 300 5.15 r.a
• From OAELAXD. Foot of Broadway — t«:0O :i:J»
- t8:03 10:Ol)A.W. 12 DO 2 CO 400 p.m.
COAST LINE (Uroad ««.«•>.
iy, (Third tn>l ToTnuenJ Streets.)
-^¦6.10a San Jose and~Way Stations. 7-30?
+7 CO* 8an Jone and Way station* t-ZOr
I /SCO* New Almaden (Tucs.. Ffld.) /4.10r
17-15* Monterey and Santa Cruz Eicur
slon (Sunday only) t8.33#
8 00* CoastLlne Limited— Stops only San
Jose,Gtlroy.IIoUlster,PaJi«ro.Caa-
/ trnvMe. Balinas. San Ardo. Pa«o
Rubles. Santa Mursrarlla, San Lult
Obltpo.(piinripa) utAtloostbence)
Santa Barba ra. SauK'is andLoBAn-
reles. Connection at Castrortlla
to and from Monterey and Pacl&a I
Grove and at Psjaro north bound
from Cwpltola and SantaCruz.... 10. 437
8*0* San Jose. Tres Plnos. Capltola,
BtDUCrnz, Pacific (>roTe.Ssltaaa.
San Luis Oblspo and Principal
Intermediate Stations 4-1Q»
Westbound £1 Paso Passenser.—
From Cblrego. El Psso. Los An-
rele*. Santa Barbara. Arrives.. \.3Br
10.50a gan Joee and Way Stations... .... 1.20*
11.00a Cemetery Passensrer— South Saa
.. __ Francisco. San Bruno 1.CS>
11.30a San Jose. Los Oatos and Way Sta-
tions 5.3Sr
•1-3? p Ssn Jose and Wsy Stations xf.OCr
2.00* ean Jose and Way Stations {940a
2. our Cemetery Passensrer — South San
,. Franctfco. San Bruno 4.35*
T i3-C0p Del Monte Kxprens— Santa Cl.ira.
San Jote, Del Monre. Monterey,
¦ Pacific Grofe (connects at Santa
Clara for Santa Cruz. Boulder
_ _. Creek and Narrow Gaure Points) n 215*
• ¦iur PnrllDynme. San Mnteo. Redwood.
MenloPnrK. Pa!o Alto Mayfleld.
Mounutn View. Lawrence. £anta
Clara, San Jose, Gltroy (connec-
tion for Holllsrer. Tres Plnos),
Pujaro (connection tct Wsuon-
vine. Capttola and S.into Cruz).
Psclflc Grove and wsy stations.
Connects at Castrovtlle for Sa-
. __ Una 1043a
4.30F San Jose snd Way Stations 3.33*
t600r ssn Jose, (via Santa Clara) Los
Gatos, Wrist &t ,• sm r rlnci pal Way
Station* tfl.OOa
|5-30p Ssn Jose, and Prtccf pal Way Stations t3.00i
TS.16P San Mateo.neresfard.Belmont.Saa
Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks. •
Mrnio Park. Fulo Alto 16.43*
6-30r San Jose and Way Stations. - 8.3ft*
7C0r Sunset Limited. Eastbound.— San
• *.. Luis Oblspo, SanU Barbara, Lot
Ance]«», Iteming. SI Pwo. New
$ Orleans, New Tork. (Westbonad
arrives TiaS»n JoaqulaVslley)... wg.75*
S.COp Palo Alto an4 Way SUttons 10.1S*
¦ 11.3LP Mlllbme. falo Alto and Way Sta-
tlons t9 4S»
a1130FMll>brae. San Jose and Way Sta-
, »om ta.4s>
A for Morning. p for Aftenom.
X Saturday and Suaday oaly.
I Stops at all stations on Sunday,
t Sunday excepted. J Sunday oaly.
a 8aturda7 only. i y
a Connects at Gothen Jc with trains for HaaforA
Vlsaiia, At Fretno, for Vlsaiia Tta Saajor.
• Via Coast Line. / Tuesday aa4 Friday.
m ArrlTe t1« Nlles. n Dally except Saturday.
t»Vla 6an Joaonln Valley.
1 Stops Santa Clara south bound only. Coauaeta,
expert Sunday, for all points Narrow Gauge.
rsr-Oniy trains stopping nt Valencia St. soutiiboaas)
are 6:10 a.m^ 11:00 a.m.. 2:30 r.M. and S:SO P.M.
TO SAN RAFAEL
SANI1UENTIN,
BS^^^^S MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERCETC.
{g^jigjffl^tS|!iyM^Ml vift S&ussJito Ferry
WEEK~DATS— (Holidays ««•#•<&— ? : f s -
t*7:45. 8:46. »:45. 11 a. m.. 12:20. n.45. -:1^..
4:15. t5:15. •6:18. 6:45. ». 11:45 p, m.
7:45 a. m. train week days doea not run t»
Mi SUNDAYS AND LEGAL HOIJDAT3-7.
M t m t'lO. 11. tll:20 a. m.. tl2^0 t*l:30.
2:35 »3:iO 5. 8. 7:30. 9. 11:45 p. m.
TraJns marked (•) run to San Quentin. Thoa*
marked (t) to Fairfax, except 6:15 p. in. Sa.t-
days. On Saturdays tb» 3:15 p. m. train rurw
tO F^rOM*aAN RAFAiX TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Week aay S -6:25. |tt:25. 7:40. 8:15, 1»:M.
11:00 a. m. 12:S0. 2:20. 4:50. 5:30. «:45.
1 °SIJNUA I YS— 6:15. 7:35. tS:10. 9:40. 110:55.
J11-4S a m.. 12:50. 2:30. J3:25. 4:40. ».5O.
6:.VS. 7:35. 10:20 p. m.
Trains marked (t) *tart from San Qnentln.
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Week days— 5:45. 6:40. 7:45. 8:29.
9:45 11:10 a. ro.. 12:40. 2:45. 4:15. 5:1ft 7:05.
10 St?NX>A^S-«:35. 7:55. 10. 11:10 «. m.. 12:05.
1-06 2-40 3:45. 4:B5 8:08. 7:10. 10:40 p. m.
' * THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m.. week day»— C,azadero and way
* 5:15 p. m.. week days (Saturdays excepted>—
Tomales and way stations.
3:15 p. m.. Saturdays — Cazadero and wjjjr
stations. _
Sunday* and I.»?ral Holidays — 8 a. m.. Caza-
dero and way stations.
Sundays and Lesal Holidays — 10 a. m.. Polat
Reyes and way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— <C« Market st.
FERRY — Foot of Market st.
MOUNT TAjlALPAIS RAILWAY^
Leave TU Smalts* twrj ~~ Arrive
S«aFr«n. l»at sf fcrkst 8l [ San Pran. ,
Week Sun- Tlii t w "^'
f:-t5A ti-.OOA IsSSmMi&m 1*:OO^»:»4a
1:45p 9:OOa \£K§B!lf» ", l*:SOr3:30p
5:15f 10:00a 3:3Op 5:30?
, 2:35r 8:OOf .
tUardayt ralr. ihits 1>T«ra V eiSQy.arrirslf. I t:3O»
ricttr I «Ot Masxxt St, (Norta Shore Railroadi
UnX 1 aad Sausalt ro FxxxT, P«ot Mar** St.
CEBUZBEBBBBBBBllEBBBBBSEBBBaBBHgBBBBBBBBaBHBBB
8 „!¦,,. -rcpcsr*. , ¦ •mmmm^m : °
¦ —^^-^ :-— »« ' ,- ¦ — ¦¦¦ ' Dl
n "" ' . B
d Our cures stay cured. Read this : g
J "At present I am handling. from 50,000 to 90,000 pounds g
is of baled hay daily. The cure is 0. K. - e
c " "SOLOMON HIRSCHY, 1
I "320 Monroe street, San Jose." g
g We cured Mr. Hirschy nearly two years ago without opera- ¦
E tion, pain or loss of time. He has worked hard everyday £
b since. We can cure YOU. Consutlation Free. ' - '§
1 FIDELITY RUPTURE CURE 1
*** BBffV MBtf > 'BMMHB)flB4HHBfllBRHMBBBtfH9HP^BB^'*'N|H ' ¦ • E^
| 1344 Market Street, San Francisco. g
essBBBflBBBBBHaBBBBBSBBBBBBBBBflBBflBBBBBBBBBBBBB
California
Limited. .,
7b CHICAGO
lim iiiiiill or Those Who
Hhkv rfJySi -X?g53
SA1TTA PE TBADTS.
Leava Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local I Lim'd Local lOVrl'd
Dally I Daily Dally I Dally
Lv. 8anFran...."7l30a 9:30a 4:00 p 8:00 p
Ar. Stockton 10:40 a 10:01 p 7:10 p 11:15 p
"Merced ...... 1:05 P 1:6»P 2 ; ?2 a
"Fresno 2:40p S:20p....... 3:16a
" Hanford 4:58 p 4:07p....... 7:60a
"Vlsalla 4:58p 4:43p 6:00a
"Bakersfleld .. 7:15p 6:00p 7:35a
"KansaaClty 2:35a ....... <p00 a
"Chicago 2:*0P f :4« 3
a for morning: p for afternoon. "
7-30 a m. Dally is Bakersfleld Local, step-
pfng at all points In San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:55 a. m. daily.
0:30 a. m. Monday and Thursday la the
CALIFORNIA LIMITED, carryLajr Pal-
aca Sleeping Cars and- Dining Cars
through to Chicago. Chair car runs to Bakers-
fleld for accommodation of local first-class pas-
sengers. No second-class' tickets are honored
on this train. Corresponding train arrives at
11 '10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday. . . •
8:30 ft. m. Daily, Valley Limited. Composite
Car and Reclining Chair Car. between Bakers-
field and San Francisco. Corresponding train
arrives at 11:10 p. m. dally.
4-00 p. m. Is Stockton Locali Corresponding
"train arrives at 11:10 a. m. daily.
8:00 p. m. ' Dally, is the Overland Express
with - through Palace and' Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining ' Chair Cars 'to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Freeno. Cor-
responding train arrives at 6:23 p. m. dally.
Personally conducted parties for Kansas City,
Chicago and : East leave San Francisco every
Monday. Thursday and Saturday- at 8 p. m.
Offices — 641 Market street and in Ferry De-
pot , x San Francisco; 1112 Broadway. Oakland.
£CEAN TBAVEL.
Oceanies.s.to. k&mk
S 1 S. SIEKRA,' for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney, Thursday, Aug. 27. 2 p. m.
S S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. Sept. 5, 11 a.m:
S. 8. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Sept. 20. 11 a. m.
/J.SP6fcHtlSftBSOS.Ca..AgtJ..MBtO(riC8,643>limta
fr#ttflict.S2l Barkit SL. Rvlt. 7, Ptciflc It
COKPAQNIE GERERALE TEAN8ATLANTI33J
DIKECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARia
Sailing every Thursday Instead of «KjtJfS)
Saturday, at 10 a. m.,- from Pier . 42. *««aflaa»
North Kiver, foot of Morton street. *
First-class to Havre, #70 and upward. Sec-
ond-class to Havre. . f45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson "Building),
New York. J. F. FUGAZI * CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents,'; 6 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
__ _¦ ' "~~~'\' BAILWAY TBAVEL.
LOW To Points ,
Rate as * afl(^ ac^
SlOnS Aug. 18^25, 26.
Wf|f|iiiiii^ Full particulars, Call
llGHiiM M lOIl or Add ress 623 Mar-
(ImtfiMatBl C, A. RUTHERFORD.
. l^r^^^ffil Dist. Pas'gT Agent.Continued on Page 37, Column 3.
P. F. Rockett, Mrs. H? C. Minton and child.
Miss Josephine de Laney, Miss Margaret de
Laney. W. J. Woosley. E. Courtney Ford. Bush
Flnnell. E. H. Parrish, W. J. Gorham. Cuylcr
Lee, O. D. MacNab, Milton Pray. C. A. Haw
kins. W. Grothe. Max Goldsmith. Mr. and Mrs.
E. P. Brinegar. Mr. and Mrs. Charles C.
Moore. R. Lloyd. Julius Mehlig. Mr. and Mrs.
Joseph Halle, Arthur Tukersley, Dr. D. A.
Stapler and family. Guy Lombard. F. L. Or
cutt, K. Watson, M. Arnold, F. Ireland, John
R. Sayers. J. L. Eastland. Thomas B. East
land. S. E. Epler, E. R, Smith. T. B. Berry.
T. S. Montgomery. Mrs. A. G. Towne. Master
Arthur Wolcott Towr.e, E. O. Regensbtrser.
F. S. Washburn. Edwin Duryea Jr., Alfred
Ehrman, P. K. Gordon. P. G. Goode. Henry
D. Russ and wife. R. T. Bentley, W. A. Mer
rills and wife, Meyer Goldsmith. <?. O. Scott,
W. C. Winter. J. A. ,Marsh and wife. H. F.
Pearl Mrs S. Katten. M. Gensberser and wife.
James Otis. Miss Frederlca M. Otis, Mrs. Hugh
Hughes. Benjamin Beruch, Dr. Viola Olcovich,
E. Brandensteln, H. M. Plate, F. K. Plate,
Mr. and Mra. C. N. Beal. Mri V. C. Baird,
Mrs M V*. Baldwin, Joseph ureenberg. Dr.
L. J. McMahon. Frank C. Eckenroth. M.
GreenberK. S. Kalten and son. R. Stevens. Ida
Cahn. Ethel Cahn. Mr. and Mrs. E. E. Lemke.
N p. Vallejo. A, L. Greene. J. S. Newman,
E. Newman, J. W. Hicks. P. de S. Olney, Mrs.
James Agler. Miss Maude 'Agler. Isaac Upham.
James K. Wilson, D. J. McKay. James M. Pat
rick. Joe Frank. Leopold Levy. Thurlow Mc-
Mullen NV. W. Jellott. Horace V. Scott. F. A.
Kenny. J. G. Wrixht. W. S. Reed. From
Xahoe — Mrs. F. H. Moore. From Seattle, Wash.
g. Drake, George H. StoddarU. From Stock
ton — H.' C. Southworth and wife, F. R. Adams
and wife. From Santa Cruz — Mr. and Mra.
H. S. Deminff. MiM Dorothy Deming. From
San Rafael— Mrs. T. W. Park. From Chicago,
HI — w. E. Newton. Mr. and Mrs. S. Ham
berger. MUs Claudlne Hamberger. Herrlg Ham
boreer Mrs. J. M. Sloss. From Oakland —
Mrs. J. A. Younir. P. J. McMullen. F. W.
Frost, Mrs. Lucy May Haye3. Mrs. S. Walter.
Frcm Berkeley— W. E. Knowles and wife, Mrs.
E. Hart. From Presidio — Colonel George B.
Rodney and wife, William A. Powell.
AT PAR AISO SPRINGS: From San Fran
cisco—James G. Burten. Mrs. A. Hennesy.
Mrs. L. Herlnghl. Mra. M. Dunn. Miss Eliza
beth Llsk. Miss F. Dillon. Miss Stella Fortman.
Mrs. J. Rattlgan, Miss Nell J. Rattigan, Miss
Margaret Rattlgan. Miss Sadie E. Rattigan.
A. Paulson, Mr. and Mrs. E. F. Baruth. From
Watsonvllle — J. S. Cronk. Eugene Kelley.' Mrs.
H. "Wiley. Miss Lizzie Wiley. Miss Grace Wiley.
AJ. E. Joy, John McKewen. From Salinas^ — H.
E. Davis, Sam Matthews. Miss M. Sobranes,
Miss E. Richardson, Miss Clara Gerlach,
From San Jose — G. W. Elder and wife. George
W. Elder Jr., R. H. Elder, Miss Bertha H.
McW 111 lams, O. G. Rogers. J. W. Blaner.
From Santa. Cruz— R. D. Horten. Mrs. M.
Beard. From Metz — Miss Clara M. Metz. Eva
Clark, i H. L. Cannahan. J. P. Aives, R. L.
Metz. From Los Angeles — Miss Bella Chase,
J. \V. Blngeman. N, J. Tobias, J. Enhelson,
T. L. Craig Jr. From Alameda — Captain J. C.
Eshen and wife. Captain W. Wulzen. From
Guatemala— Mrs. Ernesto Schoenstedt. Master
Walter Schoenstedt. From Soledad — B. F.
Gould, Carmel Martin. From Gonzales — Dr.
M. E. Gonzales and wife. From Grass Valley —
W. II. Tnttle. . i
AT ADAMS SPRINGS: From. San Francisco
Peter Johnson, Miss T. Hchombes, Mra. L.
Cousins. Mls» KUtie Mitchell. Mra. M. Mitchell,
J C Augsburg, J. I*. Rlttore. C. V. Campnlo,
N L. "Ward, T. Carrlck. Mlas Idalene O'Malley.
M'lss Lottie O'Malley. Professor John O'Malley,
Henry Howard. Edward Kuhls. P. T. Collcpy.
j J McKnlKht. Edward Flaharty. M. E. Me
rirmald F. F. Connelly and wife, Marie Buck
le? Julia Buckley. Mr.. C. M. Haley. Mrs.
McClelland. From Oakland — Fred Kelsejr.
Louis Lublbroetlch, Mrs. E. E. Walker. Miss
Mary Trophy, Dan L. Horgan. J. B. McLeod.
From Sacramento — J. Meyer. B. F. Howard.
From* Fresno— E. Mathewson. ¦ M. O. Miles. D.
S Fwlne, Daniel Truff. From Sulsun — E.
Connelly. From. Berkeley — D. S. Adama. R.
Hoessle. From Clayton— R. W. Develyn.
From Hanford— A. D. King. From Paso Robles
—A. B. Miller. ' From Will its— O. T. Wells,
From San Jose — Thomas O'Malley. From St.
Helena — George C. Beavle. From Depor—
Charles Bench and wife. From Spiers Springs
—Uncle Joe Clark. From Vallejo — W. W.
Campbell, wife and daughter. From Concord —
¦ ?-
READY FOR ENCAMPMENT
Cuttle and excitement reigns in San
Gorman is the most likely of Democratic
aspirants for the Presidential nomina
tion, and fails to find a reason for sus
pecting that Cleveland might get the
nomination. As to Bryan's chances of
ever leading the Democratic party as a
standard-bearer again he said they*are as
fcllm as the bacon steaks rationed out to
soldiers In time of war, and the recent at
tack made by Bryan upon Cleveland he
referred to as a piece of brutality of
which only the man from Nebraska could
be euilty.
"The man isn't even a gentleman." sa!d
he. "when' he calls Graver Cleveland a
bunko stecrer of his party. There are
limits to the epithets one politician can
throw at anothct. When a shyster throws
mud at a statesman, who has been Presi
dent of hi? country twice and nominated
three times, it is low down." . , ,
The corporal is accompanied by his son,
James A. Tanner, who is 'also a lawyer
and connected with the Attorney Gen
r'ral's office. Another son is a first lieu
tenant in the JPecond I'nited States In
fantry and .at pV >stn * ' n the cholera dis.
trfct. a fact that causes his father no
> tt.kII Hra<JUJit of uneasiness.
Corpora! Tanner's war rrcord was a
brilliant one. terminating at the second
battle of Bull Run. when he lost both
Ifjrs. He first Jont one leg, and whll* ly
ing on the ground, his life Mowly ebbing,
a second cannon ball tore off the lower
portion of the other liirb. He was with
the Seventy-eighth New York Regiment.
a part of the Army of the Potomac, and
nw a great deal of hard fiphting- up to
the time of his injuries.
Continued From Page 33, Column 5
The various departments of the South
ern Pacific and Santa Fe railroads are
working hard to get all the delegates to
The exact time of arrival of these spe
cial trains cannot be given, as all trains
are from two to twenty-four bnurs be
hind time, and all calculations of arrival
in San Krancisco are based on the time
o» departure of trains from Ogden and
Los Angeles.
STATE HEADQUARTERS OPEN.
The scheduled arrivals for to-morrow
consist of Michigan, Fairbanks Post, two
cars; Newark. N. J., Lincoln Post, four
cars; New York City, Gould party, one
car; Rhode Is!a*nd, two cars, and Sharon,
Pa., one car.
The general headquarters of Ohio will
arrive to-day In a special train of six
cars, and the New York headquarters will
come In on a section of Overland No. 3,
with (Vjur cars filled with delegates. On
the same section of the train the follow
ing delegations will arrive: Minnesota
headquarters, six cars; Florida, one car;
Decatur, 111., one car; Ohio, two cars;
Minneapolis, one car; Cincinnati, one car-
Michigan, three cars, and Mansfield, Ohio,
one car.
According to the reports of the trans
portation department of the railroad com
panies the following special trains are due
to reach- San Francisco to-day: Massa
chusetts, fifteen cars; Michigan, eight
rars: Iowa, six cars: Indiana, ffour cars;
Kentucky, four cars; Connecticut, seven
cars: Cleveland, Ohio, Fix cars; St. Louis,
eight cars, and a second Cleveland, Ohio,
train of live cars.
While no system of registration has» so
far Itorn done at the executive headquar
ters of the encampment, it is estimated
that 5000 veterans of the Civil War are
now in San Francisco, and torday will
witness the arrival of probably 6000 more
o!d soldiers.
THOUSANDS DUE TO-DAY.
Among the distinguished visitors who
arrived in San Francisco yesterday were
General John C. Black of Illinois, who is
the only candidate for the post of com
mander in chief of the Grand Army; ex-
Commissioner of Pensions Corporal Tan
ner, Generals Partridge and Scott. De
partment Commander Benson Woods %T
Illinois; Mrs. Lodusky Taylor, national
president of the Woman's Relief Corps;
Mrs. Ada E. May, national secretary of
the Woman's Relief ; Corps, and General
Morion T. McMahon of Minnesota.
A number of special trains came in yes
terday brtnglnR delegation? of veterans
from Aurora, III.; Kansas. Minnesota and
one train of cars with delegates from
fourteen different States.
In addition to the special trains the reg
ular overland trains arrived In three and
four sections, every car being crowded to
it? capacity.
Francisco as the dawn of the Thirty-sev
enth Annual Encampment of the Grand
Army of the Republic draws nearer.
Yesterday more than 2000 veterans ar
rived in the city, and to-day a number of
frecial trains are due to arrive, bringing
delegations from almost every state in the
Union.
AT HOTEL VENDOME. SAN JOSE: From
San . Francisco — A. j N. Sanborn, Mr. and Mrs.
AT CAPITOLA: From San Kranci«co—
Miss Ullian Haake, Miss McCubbin. Miss M.
McCubbin. Mrs. Percy V. Long. Miss Kate
Sfxton, Miss Nettie Sexton. C. W. CTifton, F.,
Whiteslde, L. O. Sresovich, R. Oppenhelmer
and wife. Joseph J. Deane and wife, C. W.
Cobb, James Robertson, W. Carrington Wil
son. Evlyn M. McCarthy, Mr3. S. SchoenhoU,
C E. Ray. P. W. Farrar, Oscar ZiegJer, • I\ M.'
Paulson, Mark Samuels, Harold Jacobs, Wiley
B. Allen. Miss Dayton. J. Schirmer, Abe S.
Levy. Bert Friedbers. Julius Springer. Henry
Stahmer. Miss M. Whltelaw, Mrs. Herrman
Schoenholz, Mlv Rose Lebenbaum, L. Leben
baum, J. Rwenstein, Cllflf Baldwin, Mr:. J.
H. Borland, Miss (Cleveland, James H. Bor
land. Erastus Younpr. R. 12. Miller and wifo,
F. O. Nelson. Mrs. R. B. Hale, Miss Ruby Hale,
O. H. Simons. From Palo Alto— Miss Alice Hol
man. From San Jose — A. J. Cramphorn, N. G.
Haydock, wife and child. Otto Zleglcr. Mrs. E.
Rea Harter. Mitchell Phillips, W. L. Edwards,
D. Rlnaldo. E. A. Whlteslde. Margaret White
side, ¦ Udward Carey. C. L. Southgate, Miss
Bell* Fltzhugli. A. C. Lewis. Clara A. Bassett.
M. Alice Cajole Walsh. Catherine Wanda
Corkery. Mary F. Corkery, William P. Walsh,
U. A. Herrington, 13. S. Flnlay. E. Prindl
ville. H. B. Kooser, N. W. Gray, Herbert
Smith. W. H. Wakeneld, Minnie Hoeft. H.
Bercovich, wife and child, Burt L. Ward,
John K. Reardon, Martin B. Kell, Mrs. S. N.
Johnston, Waldo Howe, i From Stockton — M.
Levy, wife, and two children. Mrs. Frank E.
Dunlap. From Los Angeles — Howard A.
Dodge. : From San LuIh Oblspo — Henry N.
Lynch. Front Fresno — C. M. Cobb and wife,
G. E. Smith. From Watronvllle— J. Alex
ander. F. S. Coats Jr. From Oakland — Henry
Rogers and wife, Mrs. R. Hayward. Miss L.
Hay ward. Miss Keene. From New York—Ed
ward R. Singleton. From Denver, Colo. — Dr
H. H. O'Hain. From Gilroy— F. M. Lan
drum. H, G. Taylor. H. W. Tracey. From
Redwosd City— P. P. Chamberlain. D. J. ilills,
J. F. Johnston, A. Cook, C. D. Hayw&rds.
From Pacific Grove — E. Strickland. Charles
Libhart. From Santa Cruz — P. Malvoos, I*.
Maloney. A. C. Ayars, M!ss Dienst. From
Kansas City.' Mo. — Mrs. Charles Mann. From
Louisville, Ky. — Bam Jones, wife and child.
From Tulare — R. T. McMillan. Omar McMil
lan. From Madera — Russ Mace and wife.
From Los Gatos — Noah G. Rogers, wife and
daughter. Frank Stock, wife and daughter
MIfs Myrtle Smith. From Santa Cruz Mrs
Brlggs. Mrs. C. L.. Rugxles. Miss L. Rubles,
R. M. Richardson, Kunice llihn. J. M. Engle
and wife, Mre. M. E. Putnam, Mrs. M. Man
ning. M. Glencora Abbott. Mrs. E. Chace, Mrs.
R. Worth lngton, Mrs. Buchanan. Mrs. S. H.
Bailey. Mrs. Emma Wilson. Mrs. Blackburn
Mrs. Brown. Mrs. Truesdalc. Mrs. H. Fay
Mrs. Por>e. Mrs. Karnar. Mrs. ' Buckley. Miss
McLaughlln, Miss Bradley. Miss Forbes, Mrs
F. O. Hlhn. From Aptos, Walnut Heights A
P. Stanton and wife. From Oakland— M
Springer. From Cement— Miss Vanderwerf
From Sulsvn— Mrs. C. J. Wheeler and son
From Boulder Creek — Mary E. Bloom. I. T.
Bloom. From Alameda — Mrs. C. J. Byxbee.
From Whatcom. Wo#h. — Rick Burrows. From
Lynch— Mrs. Henry W. Lynch. From Moun
tain View — Arthur L. Hency, Walter J. Mc-
Comb. From Newcastle^ — Mm. George W. Bls
bee and child. Mrs. J. Vlehmeler. From Pltts
burg. Pa.— George B. Boswell. Mrs. Boswell
Alfred Craig Boswell. Edith Blanche Bo&welf-
Walter Boawell. From Menlo Park — II F
Bassett. From St. Helena— F. D. Watkins
From Cupertino— Miss Shore, Miss C. Shore!
From New Orleans — Mme. T. Tully, Thomas
T. Tully. From Belmont — W. A. Emmcit Jr
From Hollister — W. V. > Hollingbery. From
Napa— Miss Emelle Nielsen, Mae McDermott.
From Newark — S. F. Cora'm. From Palo Alto
— E. B. ¦ Kitchen, wife and eon. C. P. Cooley
and wife, A: " L. McHendry and wife. . From
Detroit, Mich.— Mrs. B. H. Hoeft. Leila I.
Hoeft. . From Vallejo— Mr. and Mrs. R. B.
Cleghorn. From' San Carlos — H. M. Arndt.
From Paso Roblen — William A. Junker, Miss
Junker. From Healdsburg — M. Raabe and
wife. . From Novato— Mrs. • Paul Lcpolds and
child,' George P. Caldwell and wife. From Co
lusa—W. 11. Hubbard.
Miss Holllday. C. A. .Owens. Miss Owens. \V
H. Frisby. Miss Kerr.
Continued on Page 37, Column 1.
J. V. Perry. Maria T reitaa, Maria Sllva. From
Calistoga— C. M. Burgess.
Vanguard of Veterans Is Due To-Day
J. C. Hall and wife have returned to the
city from their summer home, Casa
Grande, Lake County, to attend the'Na
tional Encampment of the Grand Army
PERSONALS.
A' very pleasant party was given to
Miss Henrlette Loeb at her home, 1338«E1
lis street, Tuesday evening, August 11*.
Those present were: Misses Irma and
Blanche Jacobs, Lena Lippman, Leontine
Barlach, Viola Moser, Ray Lehmann,
Sedie-Levy, Sophie Loeb, Carrie Hlrsh
feld; George Llppmann, Bernhard Kalm,
Arthur Hlrshfeld, Ludwlg and Albert
Michels. Martin Faesy, Adolf Lehmann,
Louis Levy, Otto Loeb. Julius Loeb,
Louls (i and Solly Loeb, Mr. .and Mrs. S.
Roman, Mrs. R. Stern, M. Lehmann and
Mr. and Mrs. S. Loeb.
The following were present:
Mr. and Mrs. M. C. Gorham, J. Fitz
henry. Phil Ward. J. Malley\ J. E. Owens,
H. P. O'Brien. John -Pierce, Sidney Mel
bourne. J. J. O'Brien, Morse, James Me-
Cyllough Sr.. Mesdamet- Nellie White,
Eugene' Duffy,. M. Welch and Lutz,
Misses Myrtle Carberry. Nellie Malley,
Kittie Gorham. Alice Gorham. " Nellie
Moore, Emily Ward, May Ward. Lola
Barnes, Margie Foy, Rosle Pierce, Kittle
Welch. Josle Welch. Jessie Williams, Lil
lian Fitzhenrjv May Fitzhenry, Lillie
Leonard. Marie Vander, Dolly Pierce,
Anna Diestel and Anna Stulz, Messrs.
Charles Murphy, Thomas Maloney, Bert
McPartland. William Gorham, Charles
Gorham. Edgar Gorham, J. FiUhenry Jr.,
Mart Hanley. G. Vega, Geor.ge. Welsh,
John Welsh, Matteo Ramerlz, Harry Mc-
Swigan, James McCullough Jr., Daniel
O'Dea. Thomas O'Dea. Richard Healey,
George Ryan.- Harry McCrea, F. J. Hart.
Dr. G. H. Smith, Eugene Duffy, R.
O'Reilly, John O'Brien, John, Pierce, Dr.
Stone, Frank Corcoran, Hyde. W. F.
Gleeeon. J. Geary, W. Dahl, Professor A.
J. Riddell. %
A throng of friends took possession of
the McCulloughs' cozy new home at No.
25 B street, end a pleasant reception was
held on Saturday evening, August S.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Winter celebrated
their silver wedding anniversary' on
Wednesday. August 12. at their residence,
210 Clayton street, by gathering about
them a small party of relatives. A de
lightful evening was enjoyed and many
were the wishes tendered to the happy
couple for a continuance of their wedded
bliss another twenty-five years. Those
present were: Mr. and Mrs. Rudolph Win
ter. Miss Gertrude Hall. Albert Winter,
Mr. and Mrs. M. Winter. Mr. and Mrs.
M. Winter Jr.. Mis* Julia Winter. B. Win
ter. W. Winter. Arthur Winter. Miss Julia
Winter, Mr- and Irs - William Steln
hau?er. the Misses Ropa. Irene and Ethel
Stelnhaustr. Mrs. E. Lindena-J, Mr. and
Mrs. J. Klotz, J. Fl?rier. Mr. and Mrs.
P. Schwerdt and Miss Creyer.
• • »
A receDtion was tendered to Miss Rose
Band at her residence Sunday evening,
August 9. The guests spent a very en
joyable evening. Those present were:
Miss Lynda Brink. Miss Josephine Clark.
Rose Band. Eleanora Ruane, Hazel Jen
kins, Frances Grabau. Erma Kirth. Net
tie Jacobs, Miss Birdie Jacobs. Robert
Band. Frank Tondell. Jonathan Roach,
Roy Hayden. John Tjaldeen. W. Ollar.
Norman Morgan. Joseph Wilson. Walter
Londen. Mrs. Clark, Mrs. Groth, Mrs.
Jacobs and Mrs. Band, as* well as Mr.
Band, who acted as toastmaster of the
evening.
HOME PARTIES
The L' Allegro Club or 1903 will give Its
second assembly and dance at Devisa
dero Hall Saturday evening, August 20.
Joseph Buckley wiLl be the floor man
ager of the evenins.
The club ,will. resume play at its own
clubrooms In Red Men's building on Mon
day. August 31. Members who can con
veniently be present on that day will
kindly do so. as the directors would like
to arrange teams for duplicate play.
The straight whist prizes for July were
won by Mcsdames Trowbridge, Treat.
Deering and Standlsh.
A number of names have been offered
for membership and will be voted on at
the next meetinu of the directors.
• • • "•
" The .California Women's Whist League
will inaugurate the winter season by hold-
Ing an open meeting for its friends ort
Thursday. September 3, at 2 p. m.. In
Red Men's Hall, 320 Post street. Mem
bers who have not already applied for
cards for friends are requested to do so
before August 25. Acceptances and re
gret? are to b"e mailed or telephoned to
the secretary. Mrs. E. Deering. The dub
hopes to • eclipse all former successful
meetings, as it is expected there will be
150 players present.
There will be elegant prizes for visitors
and members, and straight progressive
whist will be the play. Light refresh
ments will be served. The members are
anxious to begin their team work again
and can do so on Thursday. September 10,
at 2 p. m.
CLUB PARTIES.
At a Quiet home wedding in Benson
on July 17 Mrs. Gertrude Barbara Beck
man became the bride of George Andrew
Christenson, Judge William Ohnesorgen
officiating. Only Immediate friends and
relatives were Invited to the nuptials,
which occurred at the home of the bride's
mother. Supper followed the ceremony,
when the couple departed for San Fran
cisco for their honeymoon. Mr. and Mrs.
Christenson will reside in Benson. The
bride is ore of Benson's most popular
and charming young ladies, and the groom
is a young man of sterling qualities who
has held a responsible position with the
Southern Pacific Company at Benson dur
ing the past
WEDDINGS.
Rev. and Mrs. H. N. Schoenfeld an
nounce the engagement of their daughter
Minnie to Samuel C. Bercovlch of Oak
land. •
Mr. and Mrs. A. Simon announce the
engagement of their daughter Beckie to
Julius Lincko.
Mrs; R, M. Cohen announces the en
gagement of her daughter. Miss Florence
Cohen, to Edward M. Wiegmann. The
marriage will lake place in the near fu
ture at the residence of the bride's
mother, 1612 Washington street.
The engagement Is announced of Selena
E. Cohan, the elocutionist and dramatic
reader, to Ellis Lewis of New York. The
bride-elect is the daughter of D. Cohan,
a prominent business man of this city.
The reception will be held on • Sunday
afternoon, August 23, at 2665 Pine street.
Mr. and Mrs. E. M. Chaquette announce
the engagement of their daughter. Miss
Edith Grace Chaquette. to James William
Redpath of San Francisco* The wedding
will take place In the near future.. /
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Brown of 2212
Devisadero street announce the engage
ment of their daughter Marguerite to
Leopold Hlrsch of this city. \
ENGAGEMENTS.
the country from. Saturday to
Monday. Lists at the resorts are thin
ning out materially. ,
The cool weather has had much to do
with hastening a return to work and will
doubtless result in early beginning
of the fall festivities'.
V'T^V NE by one the summer girls
f\ V^\\ are coming back to town and
[I \\ A) Jt'goes without saying that the
xV^yy young business . and profes»
>^_>< sional men make. less trips to
AT VICHY SPRINGS: From San Francisco —
W. !¦-. O'Brien. Mr. and Mrs. J. Rey, Miss Gan
ter. Miss Uromley. MIsh 1-. Ryan. Miss M.
Ryan. George J. Bush. O. R. Kelpper, O. R.
Curtaz, J. W. Warner, J. I^oebl, W. W. Moore,
W. W. Moore Jr., Charles Frlse. John Schmld,
R. C. Brandleln, Dr. Milton and wife. Mr. and
Mrs. J. Rapp, Mlb*s rtapp. Mrs. A. M. Buck.
E. M. lfohltts. J. Voorsanger, Joseph T. Grace,
J Mcsero:> 'Mr. ar«l Mrs. O'Neill, Mr. and
Mrs.- George Ives. Mrs. N. W. Burdiuk, Dor
thia Burdlik. Miss M. Sullivan. Miss J. Lur
kin, S. A. Harm. A. W. Manning. Mr. and Mrs.
William Schwartz, Miss Robinson, Miss Ellis.
Miss Broback. Mr. and Mm. Blanch. Mr. and
Mrs. Mitchell and son. ' Mr. and Mrs. J. L.
Brown, W. J. RlcharJson. Joseph J. Bliss, H
C. Finkler. A. H. Stoll. J. U. Miller. Mlse F.
Wilson. Miss B. I.«ns, Mr. and Mrs. C. H.
Benson. Mr. and Mrn. J. W. Pew. Miss E.
Buch. Mr. and Mrs. B. J. Petrle, C. B. De
Las, P. Hfrzog, Mrs. C. W. Welsh, Miss Welsh.
G. F. Conway, Mrs. C. Thorn, Mrs. T. B. Val
entine, Mrs. Stealey, Miss Stealey, Miss Treat.
B. Savanah. Miss Dart, J. J. Crowly. Thomas
Rolland. Mr. and Mrs. W. Howard. G. Rosen
berg. Mrs. C. Robinson. E. B. Koblnson. Wal
ter Robinson, J. C. Lane. George Goodman,
MIfs Menasses. Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Cummlng,
Miss V. Cummlng. Mrs. Marlon Cummlng. Miss
J. Cummlng. David Kenr.'P. Hallahan, J. Sol
omon, M. D. Green, Sol. Seeligsohn, S. H.
Mcses. Mrs. J. B. Anren, G. Coakley. Mrs. D.
Cutter. S. Sandman. J. R. Haake, Mr. and
Mrs. Joe Marks Mr. and«Mrs. J. E. Holllday.
— A. Frazer and wife. From San Leandro — O.
Z. Best. A. Rogers. From Chicago. III.— M. A.
Streeter. From Haywards — J. D. Oliver. From
Santa Barbara— Dr. Z. \V. Saunders. Zella
Saunders. From Marysvllle— Miss Mary Carr,
Willtarfr" Offflc. From -f- Petaluma — J. H.
Palmer. From Pleasant Grove — William Treve
tlian and family. Krom Santa Clara — Mrs. K.
A. Jordan, Miss Loma Jordan. Mrs. Albert
Harris, Miss Miriam Harris. From Davisvllle
—Mrs. J. Luff, son and' daughter. From'Au
burn — A. K. Robinson. From Woodland— C.
Knight, Ed E. Leake. From Cosumnes —
William Plernoii. From Arbuckle — C. E. West.
From Danville — Miss K. Vaughn. Oeorge For-
I. Keaton. From HanTord — George Bartlett.
From Los Angeles— H. L. Rerton. From Mis
sissippi—J. T. Ireys. From San Mateo— F.
Levy; Fram Korbeston— J. H. Hampton.
AT BARTI.ETT SPRINGS: From San Fran
cisco — N". E. Cassel and wife, M. J. Friedman
and wife, Mrs. F. Lehnlx. J. G. Short and
wife, Mrs. C. Gengnagel, Mrs. H. Miller, Mrs.
A. de Raimbauvllle, N, A. iskelly. E. G. Vln
zent, M. Kramer. Mrs. W. H. L*avy. Miss J.
Leavy, H. Meyerre-ld, Daniel Sullivan, Miss
Ella C MasterSjii, Miss Ethel C. Braincard,
Mrs Martonl, Charles 1. Loverlson, R. 1.
Whelan. W. 1 L.. Kennedy, F. P. Sherman. John
Bor.nfrtt. T. A. Nunan. Percy H. Greer, James
Ccmisky, Miss M. Stafford. Miss M. Dow, Miss
G. Johnson. C. S. Marshall, Mrs. A. McMeno
my, James M. McMenomy. M. R. Fleishman,
H. E. Copu. Mrs. I. J. Talbol, Miss M. E. Da
vie, Dr. A. E. Phelan. Dr. T. G. Brennan, N".
E. Tobin and wife. Miss Edna Parkes, Thomas
Sullivan, Mrs. J. T. Steel, Charles M. Yates,
Jessie Yates. Kuth Keys. Miss G. Callaghan.
MUs Florence Callaghan. Mrs. E. It. Mills.
Miss I. F. Callaghun. Hiss A. B. Wheeler. S.
11. Seymour, M. I>. lsham and wife, R. Ryan,
T. J. Frazer, Dave Bernftein and wife, Charles
Ballz. Dr. T. K. Parent. From Oakland — A.
B. Woods. A. M. Wolfs-nden. Mrs. K. Wolfen
den, (,'. Kroger, Robert Sanderson. \V. J. Whit
ney, Charles H. Rosenberg, John M. Schmitz,
Charles Helnke. From Sacramento — J. II. Ar
nold and wife, MiK9 Gertrude Arnold. H. Ar
nold. M. Arnold. Miss Clara Arnold. Miss
Fvankle Arnold, Mrs. J. M. Rtppen, J. M. Con
nor. J. C. Mansur, John Blair, Mrs. Williams
and son. C. K. Mack.' H. O. Kimbrcugli. From
Williams— King Becker. Berta Becker. Mildred
Becker, I\ A. Ritterath, Mrs. II. H. KItterath,
Mrs. Kannie B. Alendenhall and family. From
QrK8S Valley — L. L.ubeck und wife. Krom Han
Rafael — James K. Hawkins, E. W. McCarthy.
From Fresno — George Tedhunter, Miss M. A.
Jor.cs. From Sutter— S. \V. Hoffman, J. A.
Ward. From Modesto — Earl Adams. From
Martinez — M. Bonzagni and wife. From Pla
cerville — H. E. IMckett. RoJ^rt Blum. .From
Upper Lake — K. C. Woodruff, L. E. Garnert
M. Smith. From Anderson — J. P. Burbank
and wife. Herbert Burbank. From Red Bluff —
D. Wallen, John F. Ellison and wire, Mrs.
Louise Morgan and daughters, Mrs. A. . M.
Robinson, MIsj Gronemeyer. From Frenth
Gulch— Mrs. U. McDonald. From Willeta—
R. Fellows. From Colusa — Mrs. S. Rummels
berg and son, L. F. Moulton. From Han Jose
AT THE RESORTS.
Mrs. A. E. Mclntyre. president of the
Association of- Pioneer Women of Califor
nia, will ho!d a reception at her resi
dence, 10 Bartlett street, on Thursday.
August 20.. from 2 to 5 p. m. She extends
a cordial Invitation to the Pioneer Wom
en.
Mrs. Violet Kesner and son and her
sister. Miss Carolyn Armstrong, left Fri
day for Lake County, where they will
spend a month at the different springs.
Mrs. P. Levy and Miss Rosa Conn of
Northampton, Mass., are visiting their
relatives, Mr. and Mrs. H. Seller, at 1113
Leavenworth street. *
Mrs. M. Levy of Brenham, Tex., is visit
ing her aunt, Mrs. D. Seller. At h6me at
1113 Leaven worth street.
Mr. and Mrs. Oliver A. Harker have re
turned from their trip to Washington and
British Columbia and are now settled in
their new home, recently purchased, ~at
904 Chestnut street, Alameda.
Mr. and Mrs, Joseph W. Burnham have
leased their home in Alameda and are
now located 'at the Augustine. 915 Post
street, for the winter, and will be pleased
to see their friends. o
Archie Steiner of Richmond, Va., is here
on a visit to relatives, Mr. and Mrs. G.
Sena of GS2 McAllister street.
Miss Ray Harrison has left for a visit
to Sonoma County, to be gone about two
weeks. ¦
of the Republic. Mr. Hall and Colonel J.
J. Lyon were publishing the Pacific Vet
eran at: the, date of the National Encamp
ment held In ; thls city in 18S6- Comrade
Hall has the distinction of belonging to
the old Eagle Regiment.
THE SAK FKAKCI3CO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 16. l?03.
SOCIETY EVENTS
36
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
Don^t Buy
Diamonds
Vntll you tsavc Keen the only succeesful
product of sriffnct?, Sapph-Diamands.
T^.ese gems, while only imitations, are
such near fac eimilcs of the genuine ihat
tbfy are demonstrated side by Elde with
real diamonds. Xever sold by electric
lights. Cut by diamond workers with ex-
act number of facets, and show the pris-
matic fire as th« real. Having been
brought to such a IIARDNES3. by heat
a.nd pressure that they ar£ guaranteed to
tar and retain their brilliancy for twen-
ty-.flve year*. To be cleaned same as gen-
uine diamonds. No foil or paste back
BEWARE OF ANY ONE i offering for
»ale this gem. They can be procured at
but one place on the Pacific Coast.- I2i
Kearny street. S. F. Reconstructed ru-
bies,' emeralds, sapphires and pearls of
phenomenal workmanship.
J. C. DAVIDSON
World's greatest diamond imitator.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Wrinkles 1
I Shriveled Skin j?
s - ¦ . , o
j "After using <>
ijSS^L a few appli- X
ftp£»$£}* . cations oi Lo- ,-,
jffiJllPI . la . Monte* 8
E&2'** «Ww . Crcme I have .v j
— r^JjKi.- Jlr astonished my 'A
9 <£!& friends with a $
plexion. " A 55
lady 55 years W
lUfil. Tutta /0a<mj</x Old , h J*. EUC " §
oenMATOLOCtsi cteded in re- «
L '* moving wnn- p
§kles from her face by using LOLA S3
MONTEZ CREME. It will do the g
same for you. To the young face 5
y it gives fresh charms, to the old re- p
« newed youth. Pot 75c, lasts three
g months'. All druggists.
$ TRIAL JAR. Ladies sending p
<i this ad. and 10c will receive a jar of <$
8 LOLA MONTEZ CREME, a box §
R of Face Powder and a book of instruc- JJ
o tions. jj
Mrs. Nettie Harrison's I
§ 4-DAY I
% HAIR RESTORER |
rt Will bring back the natural color, p
o Gray or faded hair restored permah- *
S ently without inconvenience and with X
S no disagreeable after effects. Not a 5
ft dye; is clean; leaves no sediment and §
0 does not make the hair sticky. $1.00 S
g per bottle. All druggists. v
1 SUPERFLUOUS HAIR I
S Permanently removed by the ELEC- S
X TRIC NEEDLE as operated by me. g
I MRS. NETTIE HARRISON M
% ' • > Dermatologist
I M0 GEARY ST., S. F^ CAL. g
? NEWMAN & LEVnrSOIT. .
!|H Kearny and Sutter Sts.
Sale of Ladies' Shirt Waists j
At Greatly Reduced Prices
[Third Floor Kearoy Street]
The final clearance sale of Waists starts to-morrow. We have had a most successful Waist
season and are, therfore, willing and able to sacrifice the balance of our stock in order to make
room for the incoming Fall and Winter goods. Remember — they are all entirely new, of this
season's cleverest and most fetching styles in Lawn, Mull, Linen, Cheviot, Madras, Batiste, etc.—
Each one reduced-without regard to cost or value :
*i.35 and $1.50 WAISTS RE.DUCED TO ..Jl.00 fc.00 and I4.50 WAISTS REDUCED TO J2.50
$1.75 and *2.oo WAISTS REDUCED TO J1.35 54 75 and $500 WAISTS REDUCED TO J3.50
$2.25 and |2. 5 o WAISTS REDUCED TO -11.75 $5-5° and 56. 50 WAISTS REDUCED TO J4.50
I2.75 and $3.00 WAISTS REDUCED TO ........*2.25 J7.S0 and *8. 5 o WAISTS REDUCED TO 16.00
' -- -m «¦ • ¦* *-% • « t /First Floor\
Sale of Handsome Moire Silks UrnySt)
Formerly $2.25' to '^3.50 a Yard — now $1.75
Several hundred yards of the richest of high grade Black Silks are In this offering— comprising
all that is new and desirable in Moire' Francaise, Moire' Faccone', Moire' Antique, Moire' Pekm and
Moire' Imperial. The patterns are beautiful and include the most novel designs that are now so
much in demand for. Gowns, Long Coats, Capes, Jackets, etc. — Silks that have com- q.* »
manded until now $2.25. $3.00, $3.25 and $3.50 per yard — On special sale to-morrow at 3> 1 » / J
Extraordinary Purchase and Sale of (rSEj ItJEt)
Imported Battenberg /Lace Scarfs
We secured from one of the most prominent lace makers of Europe 400 samples of the finest
of Battenberg Scarfs at almost half price — the gain shall be yours — They are all beautifully hand
made in exquisite allover lace designs, 18 inches wide and 54 inches long, and are usually retailed
at $4.50, $4.75 ; and $5.00 — the entire purchase offered to-morrow for the first time, to be CQ
-sold, without reserve, at the remarkably low price of, each *p^*O
G, A, R. Visitors Are Cordially Invited To Inspect Out Art Department
~~' . ZI~ . A * > « **>. ¦ -rv» /Seecond Floor\
Beautiful Scarfs and Center Pieces 1 *-* stte <
At 25% Off the Regular Marked Prices
Every piece in this offering is an exquisite Art Novelty and easily worth considerably more than
our regular selling prices — but we must make room for other goods, therefore to effect a quick
clearance we will deduct ONE-QUARTER OFF the marked prices:
Beautiful cross stitch Squares, suitable for table covers. Handsome Scarfs for sideboard or bureau, also used for
stand covers, center pieces, etc, in a large variety of table runners — come in floral and conventional designs,
artistic designs, worked in richest oriental colors^ on elaborately worked in cross stitch on the finest ofaida
special sale to-morrow at canvas— reduced to
$1.35, $1.85, $2.25 and $2.75 $1.85, $2.10, $2.45 and $2.85
Unequalled Values in Bed Comforters
N [Second Floor Su«ter Street] i
Four Special offerings in Comforters to-morrow, to impress upon you the fact that this depart-
ment has been removed to the second floor of our New Sutter Street Annex, where ample space is
allowed for the display of one of the most complete stocks in San Francisco:
Fine white cotton filled Comforters, size 72 x 72, covered Bed comforters covered with fine quality French Cam-
with prettv figured silUoline, exceptionally fine C1 in brie, in red, delpn, pmk and blue, size 72x84. *2 25
i .fine value at....?. $1.10. excellent value aU ............... **'^
Good quality Sllkollne covered Comforters, well stitched Full size Bed Comforters, filled with finest grade of
and white cotton tilled— large size for double bed, ' - n white cotton; scroll stitched and covered with - Q
special at 3>1.5U very best quality sateen : gJ.ou
New Imported Stockings for Ladies(^ ay A5 i!O
: We are now showing a choice collection of Ladies 1 Fine Hosiery— not a pair that is not in one of
the season's newest styles— and there are dozens of varieties to choose from — all imported from the
best foreign makers — Here are four fine values :
Ladies' Black Lisle Thread Hose, in openwork ankles, Ladies' Plain Black Pure Thread Silk Hose, with
allover lace, embroidered and plain black gauze, -,. double soles and, high spliced heels; warranted <*. _ n
special at. per pair 50c fast dve; special at, per pair •P*-W
I adies' German Li*!e Thread Hose, black with em- Ladies' Pure Thread Silk Hose, with embroidered
broidered ankles, silk clocked, allover and ankle 7£ - ankles, in pretty patterns and colonnn; ex- $2 5Q
lace openwork, per pair - 75c ceptionally fine quality and durable, per pair. *^.ou
Mail Orders deceive Prompt Attention — Samples sent to any address
~~ ¦;*£-. ; *" ? ~~ v ~ v^ =r — ~~— —^
. Miss Alice M. Smith, of Minneapolis,
Minn., tells how woman's monthly suffering
may be quickly and permanently relieved by
Lydia E* Pinkham's Vegetable Compound*
** Deaji Pixkham : — I have never before given my endorse-
ment for any medicine, but Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound has added so much to my life and happiness that I feel like
making an exception in this case. For two years every month I would
have two davs of severe pain and could find no relief, but one day when
vjsiting a friend I run across Lydia E. Piukhani's Vegetable Com-
pound, — she had used it with the best results and advised me to try it.
I found that it worked wonders with me ; I now experience no pain and
only had to use a few bottles to bring about this wonderful change. I
use it occasionally now when I am exceptionally tired or worn out." —
Miss Alice M. Smith, 804 Third Ave., South Minneapolis, Minn., Chair-
man Executive Committee Minneapolis Study Club.
Beauty and strength in women vanish early in life because of
monthly pain or some menstrual irregularity. Many suffer silently
and see their best gifts fade away. Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound helps women preserve roundness of form and
freshness of *faoe because it makes their entire female organism
healthy. It carries women safely through* the various natural
crises and is the safeguard of woman's health.
The t nth about this great medicine is told in the letters from
women being published in this paper constantly.
Mrs. C. Kleinschrodt, Morrison, 111., says : —
"Dear Mrs. Pixkham: — I have suffered ever
i^tfffigSay^ since I was thirteen years of age with my menses.
jf&'^&Mji Tu ev were irregular and very painful. I
(SK&^^^^^JjJyX doctored a great deal but received no benefit.
we* "'* friend ad-vised me to try Lydia E.
'cfs^— > «¦— v l!^ Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, which I
(Sfx( <^'' H& an 4 atter ta^ n o a Jt^' bottles of it, I found
fjft&i&A .^T^ r "Menstruation is now regular and without
]/?>> ,m J pain. I am enjoying better health than I have
«|sraBi*7^^^^Tv f° r sometime."'
r d f /jttmTrntlti How is it possible for us to make it plainer
/ / I I 1 I that Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
* / jl)' j 1 pound will positively help all sick women ?
ill A-H women^re constituted alike, rich and poor,
f } f high and low, — all snffer from tlve same organic
troubles. Surelv, no one can wish "to remain weak
and sicklr, discouraged with life and no hope for the future, when proof is £O
unmistakable that Lydia E: Pinkhan»*f* Vegetable Comppunrl will euro
monthly suffering 1 — all womb and ovarian troubles, and all the ills peculiar
"o women.
SE»^»ftft FORFEIT lt*rm cannot forthwith produce the original letters and elgnatnre* of
• I [ 1 1 » I above testimocials. whlc'a will proT© their absolute g?nu;nencsii.
t*M"W Lydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co., Lynn. SUsa.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Wrinkles, sagging «of cheeks, flabblness of
throat, bagging of eyelids and smallpox pit*
removed and face rejuvenated by th<» electric
roller method of treatment used by Dr. Ca!s-
sarato of Paris
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
Moles, blackheads, telanglectasm. naevl anri
other facial blemishes permanently removerj
with the electric needle without pain or scar.
Sftln and scalp diseases and baldness cuved.
Brahman Toilet Cream and Brahman Tooth
Powder for sale by th« World Drug Co.. J. S.
Potta Drug Co., other druggists and at office n{
Dr. and Mrs. A. W. Traverse.
DERMATOLOGISTS.
Donoho« bulldln?. 1170 Market St.. rooms
2S-23. Honra. 1 to 4 p. m.
ssAjfXA t>£. jsz£crjrscsrjr <?jz
staat/OjY r/r/j w££/r - «i-i tz o/t
r*'jt/r£
DR -^ WILLIAMS
WRINKLES siiki"
And All Facial r^li^?'*^1
Blemishes Removed ftw' «§i
BT bctqi ncc NET Hk **&
THE nLlOUJlTMLTHCD 3>|*%fi
No Knife. Xo Pain. • £»? *§Nl
Witch Hazel and Astrin- (B^ -tH-Sl
irent. The peer of all
skin foods, $2 00.
DR.' E. H. RETSLOFF
2504 Clay Street.
Down Town n Office, 603 Starr-Xia*
Bldr.. lai Geary Street.Continued on Pag« 38, "Column 3.
The Board of Education issued a cir
cular to principals yesterday notifying
them that the public schools will be closed
on Tuesday and Wednesday, August 18
and^l9, to allow teachers and pupils to
participate in the G. A. R. celebration.
The last half hour on Monday will b»
devoted . to appropriate patriotic exercises
in schools. ;.¦':- /- ' '
Schools Close for Two Days.
n, lf Vt!L. ch U dl Hl L - Blackwood. Miss Laura
Blackwood, G. F. Graham and wife Howard
w X S et ,5* I V J £. n Babcock - G E. Rou^jlmes
5* F* ld ;Jr- Donower. Mims M. E. Ward M ill
M A. McQee Catharine McGee. F. M Chin
Ki? * k T M11 i on T an d *"e. Miss 11 Me
Kee, C. Lamb. L. R. Hynes. W. M. Peck. F
~' 6 "' R - H " Merritt. C. W. Flsk, J B
Noxh.ni. C J. Byxbee, Eugene J. Owen. R. J.
' * a
v^^ E1G^ n U OT SPRINGS: From San
vv^r-" C ?~ M 7- -. P> »r- NolM - MlM X. Nolan,
Mrs C. Comeford. Miss M. Comeford. Miss II
A *n-i'J- C - T Kch *L a "i 2 ' ?' J - B *™«ns. William
£ u Le ™ ry ,V Joseph Row >*nd. James C. Degan,
ii H - Pj^ham. .William A. Granfleld, Jack
Moore, Frank Vaierro. J. B. Hanks, H. L*
Moore. W. M. Burness. P. Peters, Joe Lowen-
Jtein and wife. Joseph King. John J. White
Howard Small. H. Hollman and wife. Frank
£'ii J, 8 * C- V - Dean and wlfe « J - J- Foiey,
F e ,V X Jfoblentz, MIks Marie Buckley. Mlsi
Julia Buckley. H. Overmohle. Mrs. L. Schener,
Miss A. Lowe. Frank A. Davis, Miss Eva
Pmoot. From Oakland— Harry Bolce H
Clark, T. Kelly. Ed Farrell. Charles Stoll. D.
Doody, Victor Chlradelll. J. F. Glover Mrs
Matthew*, Miss A. Coughl an. Frank Pereira",
wife and 6on, Miss Eva Pereira, A./F. Mc-
Cord. M!m C. F. Echall. From Napa— Mia.
Nelson Wulf and family.
AT AETNA SPRINGS : From Vallejo— James
C. Peterson and wife. From Berkeley— B. N.
de Leon. From St. Helena — O. A. Jursch and
wife. Gus O. Jursch. Miss Eda Jursch, Alfred
J. Jursch. Miss Margaret Sabin. From Sacra
mento — E. J. Ammons. From San Francisco —
A. J. Stangenberger. Andrew J. Clunle and
family, George P. Thomas and wife.
AT KLAMATH SPRINGS: From San Fran
cisco—J. D. Coughlln. H. A. Bri?ham. E. A.
Koter, William A. McCormick, William M.
pBrlen. F. B. Gonguer. H. W. Hlckman, W.
Ii. Reed, M. A- Rapken. From Oakland-
Mrs. Thomas Prather. From Los Angeles—
Oporre 8. Safford and wife, James Cuzner,
Guy L. Cuzner. wife and son. J. E. *Carr and
family, Dr. and Mrs. West Hughes, Mr. and
Mrs. Irving E. Inirraham. From Sacramento
E. M. Coty and wife. From Montague— Samuel
D. Praiher and wife. From Redding— Joseph
Gretz. From French Gulch— Frank Hamilton
From Portland. Or.— Mrs. E. &- Elliot and
wife, Mrs. W. O. Dix. From Roseburg, Or —
I. F. Rice. Mrs. H. D. Graves. Grants Pass
Or.— R. E. Smith. From Ashland, Or.— Myra
S. Abbett. From Picard, Cal.— Mrs. AHce
Carsley. Mre. William Morrow. From Elmlra.
N. T.— J. S. Fassett and wife.
AT DEER PARK INN: From San Francis
co—Mrs. J. H. Healy. Jack H. Healy Jr., Miss
M. J/ Tewes. Mrs. Sanderson. Misses Sander
son. Mr. and Mrs. C. Mason Klnne. : Mr. and
Mrs. I. B. McNear, Miss McNear. Miss Caro-
Lan. F. I. Moody. Perry E. Eyre, O ¦ h
Lent. R. W. Tuckee and wife, W. P Treat
Mr. and Mm. E. 8. Belden. A. C. Harskl'
2' « R . - . S 5 eyc r;. W V, H " Hammond Jr.. a!
F. Wieiand, Mies Wieland,. Miss Gertrude
Maydwelt. Albert Hart. From Oakland—
F. PhllbrJck. Mio* Mary F.. Williams. From
Redlands— Mrs. C. H. Meigs. Mrs. E. Hotch
klas. MlM A. X. Hotchkles, - U R. HotcbklM.
AT SUMMER RESORTS
AT LAUREL DELL HOTEL— J. H. Temple.
H. G. Warriner, R. E. Couelns. Jamee Scott.
Fusle O*Dea. H. L. Moore. R. E. Bchultz. Mrs.
H. Bchulti. Lizzie Cullen. James Laughlin. H.
It. Wiseman, Mr». Thomaa Wiseman. H. R.
Uodgera, C. E. Babcock. Georre C. Eliwood.
John A. Johnson. Miss Winnie Burger W A
Doole. Thomas Pollard Jr.. E. B. Glm'bal.
Continued From Page 36, Column 7.
from duty for ' one day during encamp
ment of the Grand Army of the Republic.
"B. F. BARNES, Acting Secretary."
General Stone saya that the veterans
had a choice of the days for their holi
day and preferred Wednesday the day
when the Grand Army will march.
Orders have been issued for the Sec
ond Brigade to parade Tuesday in honor
of the Grand Army of the Republic. The
commanding officers of the First and
Fifth Infantry regiments, the First Bat
talion of Artillery, Troop A, cavalry,
mounted, and the Signal Corps, mounted,
have been ordered to report with their
commands to Colonel Thomas F. O'Neil,
who will be in command of the brigade,
at S:43 a. m. Major William R. Robert
son, who for nearly two years has been
on waitinR orders, has been ordered to
report to . Colonel O'Neil for assignment
to duty at that time.
the encampment Into San Francisco by
noon to-morrow. :¦.-•:.;.-:
General Shatter, chairman of the recep^
tlon committee, requests that all members
of the committee report at the reception
headquarters at the Palace Hotel this
morning at 9 o'clock in order that they
may be detailed' to meet the Incoming
trains to-day with the thousands of vet
erans. ¦ • -
With the arrival to-day and to-morrow
morning of the balance of delegates to
the encampment the work of the reunion
will then commence. The various head,
quarters of the State departments , will
open to-morrow morning, and a register
will be kept of alUarrivals. The day will
be spent In assigning the delegates to their
hotels and lodging-houses, and receptions
will be held at the State headquarters
during the day and evening.
DECORATIONS ARE FINISHED.
The two triumphal arches at Third and
Market streets are now in position and
were painted white yesterday. The orna
mental plaster decorations are nearly all
in place on the arches and the entire work
of decorating the structures will be fin
ished to-day. v s
The electrical work on the gtreet dec
orations and arches will also be com
pleted to-day and the streets will be
bright with light to-morrow evening In
honor of the city's guests...
Flags will be placed' to-day on the or
namental poles on Market street and
many business bouses will put up their
decorations to-morrow morning.
The executive committee are hoping
that there' will be a lavish display of
bunting and nags on all buildings on the
line of route of the big military parades
on Tuesday and Wednesday. .
Details for the parades are almost com
pleted and the committee In charge will
work to-day to finish Its <iwork and have
everything In order for the monster pro
ce*sion. It Is estimated taat 35,000 men
will be In line of march on the two days.
The ranks will Include all the veterans of
the Civil and Mexican wars now In this
city, the veterans of the Spanish-Ameri
can war, the Federal troops In the garri
sons around San Francisco, the National
Guard of California and sailors and ma
rines from the warships and training sta
tions and the California Naval Reserve.
On 'Tuesday the military and civic socie
ties will march and the Grand Army will
parade on Wednesday.
WAR BANNERS TO WAVE.
The following. California flags will be
carried in the parade on Tuesday by their
rspective organizations:
First Infantry, California Volunteers,
United States flag; Fourth Infantry, Cal
ifornia Volunteers, regimental colors;
Sixth Infantry, California Volunteers,
United States flag; Sixth Infantry, Cali
fornia Volunteers, regimental colon;
Eighth Infantry. California Volunteers,
United States flag; Mountain Volunteers,
Company B, Fourth Regiment, California
Volunteers, United States flag; Tuolumne
Rangers, Company C, First Infantry;
United States flag; Company D, Second
Cavalry, California Volunteers, guidon;
Company I. Second Cavalry, i Cal
ifornia Volunteers, guidon; Califor
nia Hundred, Cavalry, United States
flag, presented by Miss Abbey A.
Lord of Charlestown, Mass.; Cal
ifornia Hundred. Cavalry, bear guidon;
Company M, First California Cavalry,
guidon, testimonial flag presented by Col
onel Crownlnshield, Second- Massachu
setts Cavalry, to the California One Hun
dred and Battalion at the close of the
war.
Through the courtesy of Major Devol of
the United States army transport eervice
the large and elegant transport tug Slo
cum has been loaned to the United States
veteran navy for the excursion to tho
United States navy yards, Mare Island
and Vallejo, on Thursday, August 20. The
tug will leave the transport dock prompt
ly at 8 o'clock in the morning. In com
mand of Captain Smith of the United
States army transport service.
Only a limited number can be accommo
dated on the Slocum and passes will be
issued to naval veterans only by the sec
retary of the naval committee of the
Thirty-seventh National Encampment, G.
A. P..
Other tugs and steamboats will take
passengers on the excursion, but the Slo
cum will carry the officers and members
of the United States Veterans and Naval
Veterans only.
Adjutant General George Stone has is
sued orders to Captain Thomas A. Ner
ney of the Naval Militia of California
to order the Fourth Division, N. M. C,
from Santa Cruz to come to San Fran
cisco to take part in the parade on Tues
day, August 18. Over forty men and offi
cers under command of Lieutenant Carl
E. Lindsay, accompanied by 1 Lieutenant
Commander and Fleet Paymaster A. A.
Morey, will in San Francisco on
Monday evening, August 17, and report
to Commander George W. Bowers on
board the United States steamer Marion,
where they will be quartered until the
time for. the parade on Tuesday morning.
A HOLIDAY FOB VETERANS.
All Civil War veterans employed in any
department of the Federal service*
will be given a. holiday on next Wed
nesday In order to enable them to par
ticipate in the parade and celebration of
the Grand Army National Encampment
in this city. General George Stone wired
President Roosevelt, asking for. this con
cession for the veterans, and received the
following reply yesterday:
"OYSTER BAY, N. Y., Aug. 14, 1903.
"General .George Stone, Chairman Com
mittee, San Francisco: Your telegram
received. It will give the President great
pleasure to direct that Clvjl War vet
erans now employed In civil positions In
San Francisco under the Treasury,. War
and PostofHce departments, be excused
From Belmont — J. F. Lanagan and wife. Prom
Anderson — Mr*. W. B. - Hunt. From Santa
Clara— Miss Stella Morse. F. A. Berge. From
Sacramento — Mr. and Mrs. E. J. Isham, T. J
Cox. wife, child and nurse. From Stockton—
F. A. Proctor and wife. From New York — E
Bohem. From Evanston, 111. — Professor George
A. Coe. From Honolulu — Mrs. T. W. Hobron
and two children, Emily Rice, Arthur B. Wood
wife and son. From Hawaii — A. Fries. From
TJ. S. A., Presidio — Dr. and Mrs. J. 8. Marshall.
From Frultvale — Dr. George R. Hutchlnson.
THE SAN TKANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, AUGUST 16.V3903.
G. A. R.
Continued From Pago 36, Column j 2.
37
. ¦ ADVERTISEMENTS. )
g3OOOOO(»OeOOCO@OO©OOG©OOO0©O9»Q©C»©©OOaOOO©©!
1 SCHUMACHER & CO. (¦"'•> j
.• ¦ ¦ .¦ - ; ¦ ¦ -. : . ¦ - J
I Jewelers |
® 8 New Montgomery St. Also Entrance From Palace Hotel Corridor <
| Precious >"« Semi-Precious Stones, |i
• Watches, Gold Jewelry. j
I CALIFORNIA |
S Gold Quartz Jewelry— Specimens'jof- All Kinds. *¦ I
9 - ! --- ••¦¦---.¦ ... ¦ ¦ v ; ¦¦ I
4} ' ¦ '¦.'-_¦- ¦¦¦¦¦'-•;¦- -J'Z
| Watches and Jewelry Repaired at Reasonable 1
APYEBTIS33MBBTTH.
R5snf bbk Bl bW bbCI MTBUtt 09 BR^B ¦ fiffi^ TB^j
¦BHBfl ¦
Monday, Tuesday,
Wednesday
BUTTER, best made, square 40c
EGGS, bwit ielected, dos .at>°
CREAM. Carnation. 3 cans... 25c
With some other purchase; limit 8 cans.
SAND SOAP, the best, 8 cake« 5S3o
TEA, Bplder l*g. new crop, lb..... ..4Oo
SAGO or TAPIOCA, 7 lbs .' .25c
PEAS, extra sifted, 2 cms ..25e
CO. D. GROCERY CO. inc.
JOHN ROBINSON, President.
313 OTarrcil St., Near Mason
• , Formerly of Post and Buchanan.
Telephone Folsom 316.
No Liquors Prompt DeHvery
ATTENTION!
G. A. R. Veterans.
Why eufterfroni rheumatism when a cure
is so easily obtained. Ruptures examined free
at Hunters' Sanitarium, "rooms 6-6 Gait Hduse,
1206 Market st. Five per cent of ruptures hav«
never been cured with' trusses on account of
using a wrong principle; $25 will be paid for
any case of rupture we fail to hold com-
fortably. If a rupture Is held positively In
place nature effects a cure without the use
of a knife or needle. A. HUNTERS.
New Novels of This
Money-Mad World
THE world is money mad. That statement looks absolutely start-
hngin cold type, but when you realize that it is a sentiment em-
anating: from the foremost political and financial economies' of the
world it is time to berin to sit up and take notice. If you doubt its
truth j list take a casual dance at the popular literature of the hour,
will invariably find that the theme is wealth, and more wealth, and
yet again more wealth — wealth in the spending even as much as wealth
in the making. Not the fairy tale lore of wealth of bysrone ajres. but
modern wealth that has to <io with empire building, the destiny of na-
tions, the struKjrle f or commercial dominance and aristocratic social su-
premacy of the men and women of the hour, vea, almost of the ven*
mm i U L Cl £ £ Vast and so raoid is the " 6e and faI1 of the bureauocracv of
wealth. "l\o more the tales of buried treasure of picturesque pirates or
lost rmnes and enchanted palaces stored with riches, but the cold that
glitters before our very eyes— rich, yellow gold that we watch in the
making— gold that is accumulated while you wait by men we all know,
and spent with greater ease and facility by women who are better
known. " " • _
Of such a dozen books that everybody is reading: rijrht now mitrht
be mentioned at random. To begin with there is "The Spenders."
which is concluded in jthe Sunday Call to-day, and which not only shows
-the excitement of modern money making, but the more subtle art of
spending it Then there is "The Octopus." Frank Norris' famous tale
of the building of vast wealth, and his later book. "The Pit." which tells
?.t£ * u1 st ™x elc to corner that same vast wealth. Then there are
The Autocrat. "The Thirteenth District," "Tainted Gold." "The Mis-
sissippi Bubble, etc.. etc. Indeed the list might be swelled indefinitely
But of all these novels none are quite like unto that very latest
creation, 'Brewster s Millions." In point of fact "Brewster's Millions"
is absolutely unlike anythine that has ever been written before for in it
a perfectly adorable youne fellow has to spend a million a vear. ret his
money s worth and yet have absolutely nothing to show for it at the
j _d of that time in order that he may inherit six million more. Sounds
fascinating, doesn t it? Well, it is more than that.
Now you may think it is the easiest thing in the world to spend a
million. .Never tried it. of course. But wait until you have read
"Brewster _s Millions, which begins in the next Sunday Call, and you
will see what a stupendous task It is to spend a million a vear— actually
fpend it— not dissipate it or Rive it away or lose it in false speculation
but get your money s worth as you would if you had only a hundred in-
stead of a cool million.
But the popular craze of literature of the bright, snappy, up-to-date
sort goes even further than this. Never before was there such a tre-
mendous demand for short stone s of the best sort. And what better
reading could you get? _ A srood short story is a complete novel in con-
densed form, and it is lust such excellent reading as this that is pro-
vided m the Sunday Call s new "Half Hour Storiettes." of which next
Sunday you will pet two full pa^s. Here are some of the titles-
"Mysterious Leofric" "In the Fi«h of Striped Death." "The Secret of
the Jamaica Sink Hole " "The Beautiful Miss Marriam." "Fables for
the Foolish. Shorty Mahan s Passire," "Love's Golden Tether "
"While the Train Waited." "What Tiny Peter Did," ett : etc Best of
all there is a new short story by A. Conan Doyle "The SharfmJ P*
fore"; "Millions in His Dreams." by Mark Twain: "Me-owsof f Kitt^'
by Kate Thyson Marr; 'The Oracle of Mulberry Center." by S E R'fZV
etc. etc. . • xvlscr «
And besides all this there is the regular Sunday Magazine section
g,ving you the very latest in everything that is going on in the world
to-day. .The Sunday Call can't be beat worm
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ihbbbbbkiebbbbbdbbbbbmbhbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb;
Dry Goods • 1^^^^ i Company.
FALL AND WINTER!
NEW COLORED DRESS FABRICS
Immense Variety of Entirely New Styles at Popular Prices
NOVELTY SANQLIER— An attractive medium weight
material shown in a splendid line of colorings, (£1? 00
a full dress pattern for %p\Jm\J\J
WOOL SACKING MELANGE— Shown in a large va-
riety of combination colorings, a full dress pat- (S^H K(\
tern for <P ' •OU •
SACKING BOUTON— Particularly adapted for tailored
and demi-tailored costumes, shown in all the QQ 00
new combination of colors, a full pattern for. . . <P*siUU
ZIBELINE POIS— This fabric Is shown in a splendid va-
riety of seasonable colorings with contrasting <P A Q f\ fl
dots, a full dress pattern for S> A AliUU
NEW IDEAS IN WAIST TEXTILES— a splendid
collection just opened .
75C, 85C A ND $1.00 * YARD
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
Cttrj and StckHoa Streets, Unioa Squaw.
riHBgMHBBBjmMBBBBBHBBEllBBBBBBBBBBBMBBBBBBl
BBBSBBBHHBBBBBBIIBBUHHBIiBiHBH
B The Largest Exclusive Cloak and Suit House' West of New York. ' a
I GRAND DISPLAY OF NEW STYLE GARMENTS |
| Tailor Suits, Jackets, Capes, Skirts and Furs f
I MASTERFUL SUPREMACY g
g \ Superior Workmanship, Perfection of Fit, Precision of Finish. : \ We receive our Models jj
B. direct from the Fashion Center of Europe. We buy our material direct from the mill, manufac- ta
¦ ture all our garments, sell direct to the consumer; hence our Prices ¦• . rv^ n
I ALWAYS LOWER THAN ANYWHERE 1
3 J^ •, \ ts=^ OUR PATRONS AND VISITORS MOST CORDIALLY INVITED 3
H ISOfl evv Style TAILOR SUITS, newest shades of q
a j**^. Fancy Tweeds, Cassimeres, Cheviots and Ve- g
S IJlfNf^ J^ ffV^Mi ne^ ans> Long Coat effect and new Norfolk styles at H
i 3S* %^ M$^\m^ $13.50, $15.00, $17.50 and $20.00 I
ra mrM\ Jdms^ W$$rnl 4^^ll S00 J^ h Class Novelty Tailor Dresses, elegant and §
B ' rS^ J^^'m ilHifei Mil! exclusive styles, tailoring beyond criticism, at B
S liiftifl HiJ^ $25-00, $27.50, $30.00, $37.50, $45.00 g
Amm^SL^S^S WMvmMk new^style silk coats at g
g iil^^W^ $15.00, $17.50, $20.00, $22.00, $25.00 g
5 " /fliM®Kraffi- Jllllw^ MISSES' AND CHILDREN'S COATS new- g
3 ./iv III I'lpV * SSk est styIes or Fal1 and Winter in cloth, silk and velvet a
B FlJR JACKETS, guaranteed quality, plain and §
m newest trimming, at \ «
h -^ms^m^ $25.00, $30.00, $35.00, $45.00, $52.50 "
g NEW STYLE SILK and CLOTH SKIRTS $2.50 up. g
g FUR BOAS in great variety $1.5O to $35.OO. c
m • OSTRICH FEATHER BOAS \% yards lon^, $5.OO up. a
m G. A. R. CAPES THE y LATEST k - B
| 123O, 1^23^, 1^23^4 MARKET ST., Near Jones S
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbB
IUU8Ly§WlBlA tEAOlKQTHEATRt
Powell street, near Market.
TO-NIGHT V^e
EZRA KENDALL
in the Great Comedy Hit.
"The Vinegar Buyer"
Beginning Monday,
Engagement of Forty Performances.
MATINEES WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY
HENRY MILLER
AND
MARGARET ANGLIN
First Play — George Bernard Shaw's
"THE DEVIL'S DISCIPLE"
Belasco & Mayer, Proprietors.
Market St.. near Klghth. Phone South 533.
MATINEE TO-DAT.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME OF
"Man'sJEnerny"
• MONDAT NIGHT— ALZ. NEIXT "WEEK.
—MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.—
Special Orand Army Attraction! •
The Great Civil War Drama,
"CUMBERLAND -'W
GORGEOUS MILITARY SPECTACLE'.
.' BRILLIANT CAST!
MAGNIFICENT SCENERY!
DDirCC Evenings : lOo to 60c
rnltLO Matinees ......10c. 10c, 23c
ipAijIFOFlNlT
9 n Welcome to the nation's BBHa
, «^r heroes to-night. In honor of IB \
the visiting veterans of the p
" __ Grand Army, the remarkable _
7. 1 ) Nelll-Moroaco Company will Y^
•" present the great "war play, ••"
»5/\ "Shenandoah." Most brll- J%f\
**** llant military spectacle ever ** vr
«e seen on the stage; 200 regru- OK
¦*•** lar soldiers in the marvelous •*<</
' battle scene'. Prices, 25c, 60c,
¦ / 75c.- Bargain matinee Thurs-
T 1 day, { 25c and 50c. Next — ff 0 "
i "Mrs. Dane's Defense." ij
HEATKUl
GRAND 8S E uIt
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
LAST TWO WEEKS
OF THE SEASON.
RAYMOND AND CAVERLY
j And Our Sui>erb Eastern Company, •
In the Delightful Musical Eccentricity,
In Harvard
PRICES— 26c." 60c, 75c. -
i T « ITT A T> Belasco & Mayer,
ALCAZAR E £ ro fflc...
Gen. Mgr. ',.
TO-NIGHT— FABEWELIj APPEARANCE OF
WHITE WHITTIiESEY
THE THREE MUSKETEERS.
Evg., 25 to 75c. Mat.Tburs. and Sat, 15c to 50c.
TO-MORROW NIGHT— First Time «f
Belasco ' & Mayer's Great Production,
THE DAIRY FARM.
AS IT , WILL TOUR THE WEST.
¦ Including • members of the original Eastern
Company. ' Beauty and realism of scenic effects.
Aug. 31— FLORENCE ROBERTS in "THE
UNWELCOME MRS. HATCH." - •
D n TT O UPC FOR . BARBERS, BA-
nKIJ Pi jVkers. bootblacks, bath-
•:***¦¦ "-V.** a . houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers,' flour mills,' foundries* : laundries, paper •
hangers, - printers, painters, shoe < factories,
stablemen, tar- roofers,' . tanners, tailors, etc
J ; BUCHAHAH BBO3, /
Brush Manuf actuxon, 609 Sacramento St.
Call/ $1 per Year
ADVERTISEMENTS.
134S MarKct SL TeL Sovth 1176
SPECIALS
HUNTEB'S BYB Whtiitj, bot 95c
i Reg. J1.25.
WILSOFS-Tlitt'sAU -WH2kej.bot.8Oc
' Reg. $1.23.
CTEUS KOBLB Whiskey, bot 65c
Keg. $1.00.
HAEPER'S Gold Medal WHskey, bot. 90c
Reg. $1.23.
KENTUCKY CLUB WHskey, g&l....$2.25
Reg. $3.00.
BLUE GBASS WHskey. gal. / ....»..$2.15
Reg $3.00.
CLABET, good table wine, giL 35o
I Reg. 60c.
POET, Sherry, Angelica, Tokay, Ma-
deira, Muscatel, eweet wines, bct...20c
; Reg. S5c.
BOCK AKD BYE, bot ;....45o
I R^g. 75c.
CIGARS
Eeendts, Geo. W. Childs, WHt« Knight,
I N&than Hals Cigars 8 for 25e
j Box Trade a Specialty.
Faiaily 'Trad* Bollcited. Telephone and
Counter Order. Delivered Promptly to Any
1'a.rt of the City. See Our Window Display.
AUT7SEM£2I TS.
UNION COURSING PARK
JOHN GRACE JR.. Judge.
J. F. GRACE. Slipper.
To-Day, Sunday, Aug. 16, 1903
(j^ CHAMPIOMS
To Compete for Honors
in AIL Age Event
...TOTAL PRIZE MONEY...
$1000~$100(l
TRAIN SERVICE— Coeolal trains will leave
Third and Townsend sts. at 10:15 a. m. and
1 p. m. ; Twenty-fifth ' and Valencia five min-
utes later, returning Immediately after last
course. San Mateo electric cars direct to the
park every four minutes.
CONEY ISLAND
On Ocean Boulevard, 2 Blocks
South of the Cliff House.
Grand Opening Sunday, Aug. 16
Grand Balloon Ascension and
Parachute Leap at 4 p. m.
by Prof. Vosmer, the Cele-
brated Aeronaut.
Instrumental Concert by Prof.
Blum's Uniformed Band of
Famous Soloists from J till
5 o'clock.
MANY OTHERJTTRACTIONS
ADMISSIOirFREE
Better that the best. Funniest, most melo-
dious, prettiest, most expensive productions of
years. Magnificent scenery and costumes.
QUO VASS ISS
And
THE BIG LITTLE PRINCESS.
Our "All-Star" Cast. Including
KOLB AND DILL.
BARNET BERNARD.
"WINFIELD BLAKE.
HARRY HERMSEN.
MAUDE AMBER.' . '
ELEANOR JENKINS.
ETC.. ETC.. ETC. x
RESERVED . BEATS— Nights. 23c. BOo and
75c; Saturday and Sunday Matinees. 25c and
6Oc; Children at Matinee*. 10c and 25c. >.
LYRIC HALL
Eddy. Above Mason.
- * . ¦ -
CHARLES FROHMAN PRESENTS
EVERYMAN
The Fifteenth Century Morality Play.
Commencing Wednesday, Sept. 2.
' Seats ready Sherman. Clay & Co.
August 26.
MISCELI*ANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
ATTENTION VISITORS
Grand Bay Excursion
Sunday, Aug. 16, 1903
To - Points of Interest, Stopping at BENICIA.
Tickets for Round - Trip. 80c. " Leaves - Wa»h-
ington-st.. wharf at 10 a. m. Musio and
dancing. Refreshments at city price*. _
, AMUSEJgEJTTS.
• 4 ( •
0" Week Commencing THIS AFTER- a
• *. NOON. August 18. •
| Ideal VaudevHJe! |
1 HEELEY and MEEU I
• "The Most Peculiar Couple Before toe O
O .'* '¦ Public." \_ .; Q
I |
S England's Foremost - Eccentric Trans- J
X •-.';".¦ ¦ -" lormatiQn . Dancer. • . JJ
O Artistic and Reflned Comedy Jusster. ©
| !^W 7 rrAWiCIMS^~ I
0 . The ' Chesterfield of Minstrelsy. a
i siiMiMiW i
• Presentinr ' Their Best ¦ Sketch. "A O
• ! ' . Stran«e. Baby." - >¦ i : .. 0
q Tha High Soprano, in a Chaago of Se- r%
S " - : lections. - ' ' q
• -' - Farewell Aopearances of the . ©
• KAUFMANH TROUPE |
Q The World's Greatest Bicyclists, i Q
|^JHEliinAPr~!
S Showing th« Latest Motion Pictupea. 5
0 Last Week and Sensation of tha City, S
8 ELFIE FAY 8
© "The Craziest Soubrette on the Amerl- 9
W can Stage.** ' O
9 Parquet, any seat. 25c; Balcony. 10c; .O
Children, any part except resenredi ©
% m 10c; a few front Orchestra rows, re- X
;? served. 60c; front rows of Balcony. 2
w reserved. 25c ; •
TIVOLlffiSk
TO-NIGHT AND ALT. NEXT WEEK.
SATCRDAT MATINEE.
By Unanimous Bequest of the PubUa, '
%X mm K* - a 9^9 D ft Cf 9 - EffB
The Oueen of Comic Ot>era, 'Will Contlnu* la
Smith and DeKoven's Maaterptec*.
The
Highwayman
GREAT SPECIAL CAST THROUGHOUT!
EDWIN STEVENS as FOXY QUILLER
ARTHUR CUNNINGHAM. FERRIS HART-
MAN, ANNIE MYERS. EDWARD WEBB^
BERTHA DAVIS. AIMEE, LEICESTER.
With the entire brilliant company of Tlvoll
artists and the superb orchestra.
WATCH FOR THE OPENING- OF THB
GRAND OPERA SEASON.
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 60c, 75c
Telephone Bush 9. I
High-Class Specialties Etary Afternoon and
Evening in the Theater.
HODGES AND LAUNCHMERE; BANDT
AND WILSON: HARRT BAKER; HEX*
IBAS AND MEXIEAS: JESSIE DALE;
CAMPBELL BROTHERS. AND NEW
MOVING PICTURES. .«*.»»
FIVE BABT LIONS IN THE ZOO*
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY
SEE THE
"Mystic Mirror Maze."
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN. Be
LECTURES AND CONCHRTSw
TO- NIGHT, at 8*: 13,
dii8p§jlpLiiifJ3wl'l " Tha Marc .°. nl ° r ti»«
IK With Expertnienta la
Pater* Dm *T FAIL TO
* am WW gee the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
ft II ft room, the EMPIRE
CillU PARLOR, the
r « PALM ROOM.the
lir/llin LOUIS XV PAR.
Uiailli LOR. and the LA-
O j I DIES' WRITING
Hotels 1 room--
EVERY WOMAN
i fa interested and should knovr
y^^^^v - about the wonderfal
J^VC^^W IIADVCI WHIRLINO
W^\#S\ MAllf tL SPP^AY .
®WM S*V\»fl| z be w V trlaal SyriBje.
i\«V<S\\\\v\fS;M \n Injection and Sue/ton,
venieat. It Clean set
Iaaiaattf..
AikyoordntRUtforlt. \»i^
If he cmnnot supply th« XB^^T ¦¦',*''} (5 .
M A]tVKXta »ccepl no \». '""jrrfZ>r~~
other, but »end stamp for C!l«». • g "M-/\/
tratrrtbook— •;»leil. It %\\n fill fe- / Zw
particulars tnd 4im tirn« Inmluabte I Im
JoUdie- W .1RVK1 CO..
Boom 203. Time* B^a.. New Tork.
BajtH 3k YS3^_tH Kf *»^ TrS
Hi W^S U S3 i^f^l
m it a Ka Tx&i sr« ts&l ri b wlJ-3
a DJ B B9 En fiSa m 1 kS|PROPOSITION. , * 10 °- 1 $5 °°- * 100 °- TOtaK •
Number. . Amount. Number. Amount. Number. Amount. Number. Amount.
Hoepltal . ; «50 000 400 $200,000 750 $750,000 , T«50~ $1,000,000
Sewer system 3 625 36"'50O 2,901 1,450.500 I .6,437 fi.437,000 11,003 7,250.000
Schools, cites and playgrounds 1 80O iso'coo 1438 719,000 2,696 2,086,000 5.934 3,695,000
Streets ' 820 «2'000 # 64S 324,000 1,215 1,215,000 2,68.1 1,621,000
County Jail and additions to Hall of Justice.. 360 36*000 278 ' 139,000 522 522,000 1.1C0 697,000
Public library and reading rooms S3O 83'(XX> 608. 329,000 1,235 I 1,235,000 2.723 1,647.000
Parks for children's playgrounds ' 380 8s'00O 2»6 14S.O0O 555 655,000 1,231 741,000 •
Park and Presidio extension 330 33'CWO 204 132,000. ' 105 .105.000 750 330.000
TeU graph Hill Park 310 81*000 238 llD.OOO 447 447.000 805. 697,000
Twin Peaks Park 105 16 500 127 63,500 70 7»,000 371 159,000
St. Mary' ¦ square ; 2 05 20'500 1«5 82.500 102 102,000 472 205,000
Mission Park 300 . SO.'OOO 234 117,000 , 146 U<i,0W 680 203,000
Totals j 9.(523 $062,600 7,647 $3,823,500 : 13,349 $13,349,000 80,621 $18,135,000
APPROXIMATE RATIO OP ISSUANCE.
VThen proposed Issue Is over $500,000. 73 per cent of $1000 bonds, 20 per cent of $500 bonds, and 8 per cent of $100 bonds.
When proposed Issue is under $500,000, 60 per cent of $1,000 bonds, 40 per cent of $50 bonds, and 10 per cent of $100 bonds.
Large numbers of Chinese in Manchuria
have already learned to speak "Pidgin"
Russian.
In the Supreme Court yesterday Jus
tice J. B. McFarland denied the appli
cation of Frank J. Murphy for a writ
of habeas corpus on behalf of Bert Camp
bell, one of the men arrested for par
ticipating in the bunko footrace held in
Golden Gate Park some months ago.
Supreme Court Denies Writ
The bodv of the man found drowned
in the bay near Mission-street wharf last
Friday mornlne was identified a£ the
Morgue yesterday as that of George Of
fermann, a laborer. The identification
was made by Fred Offermann, a brother
of the decedent and whose place of busi
ness is a saloon at the corner of Howard
and East streets.
Drowned Man Identified.
Detective Freel recovered a bicycle yes
terday that was stolen at Mountain View
by F. L. Schuck, a flagman there, on
August 1. It was found In the baggage
room at Third and Townsend streets.
Schuck was arrested in San Jose last
Wednesday, and when being searched at
the police station he pulled a revolver out
of his pocket and backing out of the sta
tion made his escape.
Becovers Stolen Bicycle.
Mrs. Jane Dray of 1226 Golden Gate ave
nue died suddenly yesterday morning on
the sidewalk of Golden Gate avenue, near
Flllmore, while walking with W. D. Tay
lor. Mrs. Dray's husband was confined
to his bed sick, and at his reauest she
went for his friend, Mr. Taylor, to keep
him company for a while. They were
not far from the house when she sank
to the sidewalk in a faint and died In
a few moments. She had been complain
ing of pains in the region of the heart
for two months.
Sudden Death of Mrs. Dray.
Pauline Fredericks was arrested by Pa
trolmen Pearl and Dave Murphy last
evening at 46 O'Farrell street on a war
rant charging hex with felony embezzle
ment. The complaint was sworn to before
Judge Cabaniss on March 6 by Benjamin
Barbash, a furniture dealer, residing at
1176 Ellis street. The complainant alleges
that Miss Fredericks sold him furniture
for $140 which he subsequently discovered
had already been mortgaged. According
to Barbash the transaction took place last
fall, and he gave the woman ample time
to repay the money. He has been look
ing for her since and upon learning of
her present abode reported the matter to
the police and the arrest followed. Miss
Fredericks was released on $200 cash bail.
Arrested on Felony Charge.
FRANK ADBIAN THROWS
HIMSELF TJUTDER CAB
Policeman Observes Act and Train Is
Stopped Before Man la
Bun Over.
OAKLAND, Aug. 15.— While under tho
Influence of liauor Frank Adrian, a
butcher, residing in San Francisco, threw
himself under a car of the Seventh street
local train at Seventh street and Broad
way at 6 o'clock to-night In an attempt
to commit suicide.
Policeman Frank Lynch saw the des
perate move In time to signal the train
crew and cause tho stopping of the cars
before Adrian was run over. The butcher
was pulled out from under tha car and
sent to the City Prison. Adrian Is a
German, 50 years old.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND. Aug. 15.— The following
marriage licenses were Issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Rick Scagnelll.
aged 23 years, Joliett, 111., and Angelina
Arena, 24, Oakland; Franklin J. Went
worth, over 21, and Maud M. Oliver, over
IS, both of Oakland: Charles A. Heilborn,
23, Astoria, and Anna C. Westdahl. 25,
Oakland; Milton F. Johnson, over 21, and
May E. Adams, over 18. both of Oakland:
Julius Wittlcb. over 21. Alameda. and
Bertha Roner, over IS, Melrose; John Mc-
Carter, 66, Aetna, Slsklyou County, and
Wllmouth E. Bradley. 50. Napa; Charles
Nelson, 40, and Julia M. Johnson. 23, both
of Oakland; John P. Lonstau. 33, Oak
land, and Annie Bonner, 19. Alameda.
University Events.
BERKELEY, Aus. 15.— Professor E. C.
S'ortcn, dean and professor of Greek at Po
mona College, was a visitor at the university
yesterday. He is the trustee for the Rhodes
scholarship In this State, being representa
tive of the smaller colleges. Presidents Wheel
er and Jordan representing the universities.
The Faculty Club has planned a dinner In
honor of the new and returning members of
the Academic Council at 7 o'clock Wednesday
evening, August 19. *
Professor Edmund E. Twtght announces that
he will give no courses In viticulture this year,
owing to the fact that the staff of Instructors
at the Agricultural College has been reduced
so that all the Investigation falls upon him.
lejivlng him no time for anything else.
Held to Answer.
POINT RICHMOND. Aug. 15.— Georgs
C. Henley. a6cused of shooting his son-in
law, Dr. William II. Lafferty, a veteri
nary surgeon here, had his preliminary
examination before Justice of the. Peace
Masterson to-day and was held to an
swer the charge before the Superior
Court. His bonds were placed at $2500.
Lafferty has been removed to a private
sanitarium in Berkeley and hopes are held
out for his recovery.
Debray Boxrnd Over.
POINT RICHMOND, Aug. 15.— Pierre
Debray, charged with attempted extor
tion, had his preliminary hearing befora
Justice of the Peace Masterson to-day
and was bound over to appear and answer
for the crime before the Supexior^Court
Debray was a butler In the employ of
William Mlntzner and Is charged with
having sent a threatening Tetter to Mlntx
ner7 stating that he would be shot unless
he left $5000 in a certain Indicated place.
Entertainment for Pair Booths.
OAKLAND, Aug. 15.— An entertainment
with dancing will be given Wednesday
evening, August 13, at Pythian Hall,
Twelfth and Franklin streets, for the ben
efit of the refreshment booth at St
Francis de> Sales parish fair to be held in
September. The entertainment is In
charge of Miss Agnes Kennedy, president
of the booth; Mrs. James Coakley and
Mrs. Berger.
Josiah P. Ames' FuneraL
OAKLAND, Aug. 15.— The funeral of
the late Josiah P. Ames, who. died sud
denly yesterday at his ranch near Mar
tinez, will be held to-morrow afternoon
at 2:30 o'clock from the family residence.
1132 Adeline street, under charge of Al
catraz Lodge No. 243, F. and A. M. The
body will be Incinerated at the Oakland
Crematory.
It Is usually the Idiot who rocks th«
boat that lives to regret it
All of the large steam plants in San
Francisco have been approached by rep
resentatives of the interested capitalists
and in some cases options have been given
on plants. Some of these have expired,
but within a few days there has been
a revival of effort In the matter. Nearly
every concern in San Francisco and those
in Oakland like the Eureka, Cascade, Con
tra Costa and Domestic, who do business
on both sides of the bay, have had ap
praisements made on the plants.
All of this is preliminary to the organ
ization of the trust, If sufficient strength
can be secured by a consolidation to con
trol the business. Some of the laundry
owners have taken a great deal of inter
est in the movement, while others are
showing no anxiety to get aboard the
combination train.
Oakland's laundries that carry on a
business exclusively in this city, such as
the smaller. French laundries, have not
been invited to take part in the plan of
organization. So far the negotiations
have been confined exclusively to the
larger businesses.
Both cash and stock exchange proposi
tions have been advanced in the matter
of payment for the laundries that shall
b# absorbed. Thus far a flat coin basis
his been established by a number of the
money-making laundries In the prelimin
ary discussions about the project It is
expected that the matter will very short
ly reach a decisive point. The under
standing among the proprietors is that
the trust plan will not be consummated
in an organization unless at least 75 per
cent of the business is enlisted. That
would mean a controlling hold on the
laundry industry on both sides of the
bay.
Credit for the move is given to the
Rosenfeld Sons, owners of the Contra
Costa Laundry Company of this city.
Among well informed laundry proprietors
the story is current that the Rosenfelda,
who are also known In San Francisco
as heavy dealers in coal, have associated
with them in the proposed laundry trust
the Slosses of the Alaska Commercial
Company.
It is the opinion of conservative laun
dry men that the consolidation of at
least 75 per cent of the enterprises in
business would be required to give suffi
cient control to swing the project. To
effect the combination would require the
investment, according to men in the
business, of at least $2,500,000. 8ome of
the large plants in San Francisco like
the United .States. San Francisco and
Cascade, Shasta, St. Nicholas. and White
Star run as high as $200,000 to $300,000 in
valuation.
Consolidation of all of the steam laun
dries of Oakland and San Francisco into
one corporation which shall control the
linen cleaning Industry about the bay la
the project which has been launched by
a number of prominent capitalists who
are Interested In the business now.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1113 firoadway, Aug. 15.
Employes of the Contra Costa Water
Company will act as casket bearers. In
terment will take place In the family
plat at Mountain View Cemetery.
President William J. Dlngee of the Con
tra Costa Water Company has taken per
sonal charge of the business affairs pend
lns a settlement of the matter of nuingr
the vacancy of general manager caused
by Mr. English's death.
Bylvain TVem. S. D. Barttow. Q. W Kiln*.
Ryland Wallace. Rudolph Heroid, WUllaan J.
Dlngee, Robert McKillican. Admiral L*wl»
Kempf, Garrett W. McEnerney. Frank J. Mof
ntt.
Simplicity marks the arrangements for
the funeral of the late William D. Eng
lish, vice president of the Contra Costa.
Water Company, which will take place to
morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock from th«
family residence, 12S Tenth street.
The Very Rev. Father Prender^ast.
vicar of the archdiocese at San Francisco,
has been Invited to officiate at the ser
vices, because he was the offldatlns cler
gyman at the wedding of Mr. and Mrs.
English.
Personal friends of th© deceased have,
been selected to act as honorary pallbear
ers. They are as follows:
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1113 Broadway, Aug. 15.
Capitalists Propose Consoli
dation on Both Sides
of the Bay.
Intimate Friends of the Dead
to Act as Honorary
Pallbearers.
Arrangements Are Made
for William D. Eng
lish's Funeral.
Clothes Cleaning Trust
Is Under Process
of iDeubation.
PLAN A MERGER
OF LAUNDRIES
SIMPLE RITES
MARK SERVICE
TARIS. Aug. 15.— The Ministry of Marine
:tf received -advices of the arrival at Fort
le France. Martinique, on August 13. of - the
•ruls«-r Juryen de la Gravlere. about which,
t was said in an American paper, uneasiness
ru felt.
LONDON. Aug. 15.— Robert Harding Mil
ward, formerly solicitor of the Duke of Marl
borough, who was sentenced on December 11
to aix years' penal servitude for-misappro
priating funds from a firm which became bank
rupt, was released from prison to-day on ac
count of the critical condition of his health.
ROME, Aug. 15.— The Popolo Romano in
tn editorial on President Roosevelt's let
ter to Governor Durbln on lynching ex
presses the hope that the words of Presi-
Sent Roosevelt will encourage the other
governors In the United States to imitate
Uovernor Durbln and have lynching dls
ippear from American civilization.
Fopolo Romano Approves.
The officials of the National Home for
Disabled Volunteer Soldiers and party,
including General Martin T. . McMahon,
president, of New York; First Vice Presi
dent John L. Mitchell of Milwaukee, Sec
ond Vice President Thomas J. Henderson
of Princeton, 111.; Colonel Sydney G. Cook
of • Herrington, Kans., - and wife : and
daughter; Captain Henry. E. Palmer of
Omaha, Colonel Walter P. Brownlow of
Jonesboro, Tenn.^Miss Steele, daughter
Managers of Soldiers' Home Hurry
Off to Los Angeles.
ABBIVE AND BEGISTEB.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 15.— J. Velasco and
Helen Doec were married to-day by a
Justice of the Peace. Velasco was brought
back here yesterday by Sheriff Traf ton
from Compton, Los Angeles County,
where he was arrested v on a charge of
abducting his bride from Boulder Creek.
The bride Is about 15 years of age.
SANTA ROSA, Aug. 15.— Alexandro Ca
pitanl, charged with the abduction of
his 15-year-old niece, was discharged from
custody to-day, there being little If any
direct evidence against him. According
to the testimony brought out, the girl
went to Capitani for protection from her
father who is Capitani's brother.
Abduction Charges Are Dismissed.
ROCHESTER. N. Y., Aug. 15.— The
tixth annual convention of the Interna
tional Brotherhood of Stationary Fire
men closed to-day with the election of of
ficers. Timothy Healy of New York was
elected president; C. L. Shamp of Fort
Wayne, Ind., secretary-treasurer, and
Peter Miller of St. Louis, third vice presi
dent. The next convention will be heJd In
Washington in August of next year. It
was voted to remove the national head
quarter* from New York to Omaha.
Timothy Healy Is President.
The Sacramento Valley Veterans' Brig
a,de has arrived in this: city and set to
work at once installing its exhibits in the
famous old ¦ dining-room of the Lick
House. This exhibit will include speci
mens of the soil gathered from Sacra
mento Valley and its watersheds. There
will be an abundance of the choicest
fruits grown in the valleys and foothills
of California, cereals, wood of all kinds,
minerals and mineral water. This ex
hibit is expected to be one of the features
of the Grand Army Encampment. Car
loads of fruits and flowers 'will be ship
ped daily from different points in the val
ley for free distribution among visitors
without stint. Gridley, Blgg3, Colusa,
Corning, Redding, Marysville, Orovllle
and all places along the valley and foot
hills will be fully represented with their
choicest products.
Quite a numerous delegation from Kol
seyville, Lake County, will be in this city
during the week. Most of them come
here to meet friends and relatives from
the East whom they have not seen for
many years.
Carloads of Fruits and Flowers to Be
Given to Visitors.
_H €a D GRAND ARMY..
SICEXMENWJ' VALLEY DISPLAY.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 15.— Postmasters
commissioned — Washington — Aaron A.
Wheatley, Ariel; Mabel White, Pine Flat.
Army orders: First Lieutenant Levcrt
Coleman, artillery, to San Francisco,
thence to the Philippines; Major Louis
Brechcmin, surgeon, from San Francisco
to Monterey, relieving Captain Paul F.
Etraub, assistant surgeon, ordered to
Fort Leavenworth. Kane.; leave of ab
wnce granted First Lieutenant George I.
Teeter. Seventh Infantry. Department of
California, extended one month; Contract
Surgeon Allen J. Black, on arrival at San
Francisco, will proceed to bis home for
annullment of contract
Orders Axe Issued Affecting Several
Army Officers Stationed at
Fjti Francisco.
OF INTEBEST TO PEOPIiE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
A number of special services will be
held in the churches of the city this even
ing in honor of the Grand Army of the
Republic.
A patriotic service will be given this
evening at the Third Congregational
Church. The pastor, Rev. William Rader
will select for his topic "General Grant.
On the following Sunday evening he will
give an address on "General Lee."
This evening at the Trinity M. E.
Church Rev. John -~. B. Wilson will
preach a patriotic sermon in honor of
the G. A. R. Patriotic music will also
be a feature of the service.
At the First M. E. Church this'even
ing a special service for the G. A. R.
will be Riven. T-e church will be fit
tingly decorated for the occasion and the
pastor. Rev. Frank K. Baker, will de
liver an address on "Our Country's Noble
Heroes." Appropriate music will be ren
dered and all the members of the G. A. R.
who visit the old church will be given a
souvenir history of the old church.
Rev. Jonn Stephens, pastor of the Me
morial M. E. Church, will preach a ser
mon this evening for the benefit of the
G. A. R. He will use for his topic "What
the Grand Army Did for the Republic."
Special music will be rendered by the
choir under the direction of Mr. Blake.
At the Howard-street Methodist Church
a special patriotic service will be j held
and a programme of war songs will be
rendered. Rev. Dr. Bane, the pastor, will
preach an appropriate sermon.
Sermons in Honor of the G. A. B.
Encampment.
PATBIOTIC SEBVICES.
MOBE MONEY IS NEEDED.
Executive Committee of Encampment
Still Bequires S9OOO.
,-The executive committee of the encamp
ment of the Grand Army now has a
little more than $50,000 to carry out its
plans of entertainment of the Civil War
veterans.
The State Legislature appropriated $25,
000 and public subscription has raised,
until last evening, $25,845 25. The total
amount required by the executive com
mittee is $60,000, and it is hoped that fur
ther donations .to the fund will be forth
coming.
The subscriptions received yesterday
were as follows:
Troy Laundry Company, $2 50; Moore Haas
Metal Company, $5; Pierre Bomps, $5: P. Caf
fery. $2: Sparrow & Goodenough, $2 50; J. G.
Sorgen, $2 f>0; George II. Wichman,-$2 50; C.
P. Smith, 92; Harry Stenge, $2 50; RoBenthal
& Co., $2 50; Phil Ryan, fi 50: Pacific Butch
ers' Supply Company, ?2 50; Pacific Saw
Works, f2; P. Peterson. $2 50; Pabst & See
brecht, ?2 50; Adolph Morse. $2 60; B. M.
Davidson & Co.. f5; Detmar Woolen Company,
?5; John Farnham, J10: Mandel, Punch &.
Welner, ?20: Meyer Field. Mitchell Company,
$10; Meyer Wilson Company, $10; Muesdorffer
& Co.. $10; Maeondray & Co., $10; Mendel
sohn Bros.. $10; John Milhern, $3; Marvin-
Showler-Hyde Company, $10; George R. Moos,
$5; Marsh & Co., $5; Lalmer Monottl, $5; C.
M. Mann & Co.. $5; Henry Max & Co.. $5;
MuIIer, Raaa & Co., $5; Merrill Chemical
Company, $5; C. W. Marwedel Company, $5;
Martin's Oyster-house, $5; Magnolia, $5; D. J.
Mahony, $5; Meyer & O'Brien, $5; L. Mayer
hopper. $5; S. S. Morton, $5; Magnum & Ot
ter, $5; Muller fc Byne Company, $5; W. H.
Martin. $5; Morgan & Allen Company, $5;
James Snook & Co., $20.
BUCKEYE STATE PABTTES.
Two Contingents From Ohio "Will Ar
rive This Morning.
Two delegations from Ohio, both hav
ing started out from Cincinnati, will
reach this city during the early part of
to-day unless a delay occurs between
here and Sacramento, which is not-'like
ly. The long distance to the coast and the
heavy expense attached to sending a full
delegation resulted In a decision by the
G. A. R. posts of Ohio to repose the au
thority of representation here in the mem
bers of the department officials of that
State, it having been learned that a num
ber of Ohioans now here will join the
party on its arrival and help swell its
numbers on the occasion of the parade
on Wednesday next. The first party from
Cincinnati is mane up as follows:
Major Gaul and wife. Major J. B. King
ana wife, General Ablell and wife, J. A. Zleg
ler and a party of eight persons, \V. Watson
and party of four, Mr. Miller and party, Mr.
and Mrs. Shopenhauser, Mr. and Mrs. C. Hale
man, Mr. and Mrs. Schweitzer and daughter,
Mr. and Mrs. Bacon and daughters, Mr. and
Mrs. Kidman. Mr. and Mrs. Selnshelmer, the
Missrs Selnshelmer, Miss Welner. Miss Row
ley, Mr. and Mrs. T. AVeller, Mr. and Mrs.
Johnson.
The personnel of the second party is as
follows:
Past Department Commander E. R. Monfort,
Major Jacob Gano, Mr. Ireland, Mr?. O. A.
Reynolds, Postmaster Reynolds of Covlngton,
Miss Wilson, J. O. Rose, Mr. Welsbrot, Cap
tain Fred Pfelster. Mr. and Mrs. Charles Soler
of Newport, Miss Soler, Captain M. A. Mc-
Guire of the Board of Public Service, Captain
Gilbert Holmes of Hlllsboro. P. H. Hopkins,
William Woodard> of Newport, A. Roberts,
Charles W. Wentzel, T. M. Towne, Max SU
berberg, J. Zelgler and party, Dr. Booth of the
Ohio G. A. R. :
WAR MUSICIANS BEPOBT.
President Leroy Van Horn Heads the
Veteran Buglemen. '
The insignia of the National Association
of Civil War Musicians is becoming con
spicuous among the badges of the veter
ans who are arriving in the city. The or
ganization numbers about 200, of which
thirty have already put in an appearance
at the local G. A. R. headquarters, among
the more notable of them being Leroy
Van Horn, who served In the Eighteenth
United States Volunteer Infantry from Il
linois, and who Is president of the associa
tion. Another of the veteran musicians is
J. H. Ware of the Collis Zuav-es of Penn
sylvania, who served in the war .with the
One Hundred and ; Fourteenth Regiment.
The association usually organizes a band
during the encampment and generally is
assigned to a prominent place in the pa
rades. >
MINNESOTANS DUE TO-DAY.
Party Includes Many Bepresentative
Men From the Northwest.
The, Minnesota contingent, .numbering
255, in charge of Department Commander
I. L. Mahan, will arrive in. the clty'atan
early hour this morning and immediately
open headquarters at the LJck House.
The party* which is traveling in a special
train of seven coaches, includes many vet
erans who : are widely known in . Minneso
ta and ,the Northwest. -Among tne past
department commanders are Perry Stark
weather of Minneapolis; Ell -Torrance,
Minneapolis; L. K .Wheeler, Owatonna;
John Day Smith. : Adjutant General O. : 8.
Clark is also of , the party , - and -Past De
partment Commander ,' A. ; H. ' de Groff of
the Department of Wisconsin is, the guest
of Commander Mahan.' Among the , com
mander's aids are Comrades Harrison
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
CHICAGO. Aug. 15.— Philadelphia won to
rtay's game by opportune hitting. The locals
had i"ereral chances to score, but failed. At
tendance 2000. Sccre:
R. H. E.
Chicago .....'. 1 C 2
Philadelphia 5 11 1
Batteries — Flaherty and Elattery; Plank and
Powers.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 15. — Washington won from
St. Louis this afternoon in easy fashion the
\-Isitors batting Wright freely and the latter
getting poor Eupport. Attendance. 1S00. Score:
R. H. E.
St. Louis 13 3
Washington 5 12 0
¦ Batteries — Wright and Kahoe; Dunkle and
Kitm-dge.
CLEVELAND. Aug. 15. — After making eight
*>rrors in six innings Cleveland settled down
and batted out a victory, the seventh for the
club end the third for Moore within six days.
Attendance. 9300. Score:
B. H. E.
Cleveland 6 11 8
New York 5 7 2
Batteries — Moore and Abbott; Griffith and
B*rllle.
DETROIT Aug 15. — Boston won by euperior
all around work. Ekopec pitched In hard luck,
as half the hits were short files to right.
Hughes was effective. Lush carried off the
fielding honors. Attendance. 2987. Score:
R. H. E.
Detroit 3 7 «
Boston 6 13 0
Batteries— Skopec and McGuire; Hughes and
J. StahL v
First came — » R. H. E.
Boston I 7 6
Pittsburg 5 10 0
Batteries — Williams and Moran; Leerer and
Phelps. Umpire — Johnrtone.
Second fa:r.c — R. H. E.
Boston *»» 6 5
PittEburr 5 12 1
Batteries — Pittinger and Dexter; Doheny
ar.d Smith. Umpire — Johnstone.
NEW TORK, Aug. 15.— Cincinnati played
much the faFter ball and New Tork never had
a chance. The batting of Donlin and the
fielding of Etelnfeld were features. Attendance
20.W*. The score:
R. H. E.
New York 4 8 4
Cincinnati 8 12 3
Batteries— MeGinnlty and Bowerman; Hahn
•e.nd Peitz. Umpire — Emslle.
Brooklyn Scores Two Victories Over
the Visitors by Timely
Hitting.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
NEW YORK. Aug. 15. — Two victcrie» were
scored by Brooklyn over Et. Louis to-day. In
the first same Jones thut the visitors out,
while Rhode* was batted for eeren runs. The
fielding was excellent, both teams playlr.g
without an error. Brown Ditched rood ball
fn the second game, but was unfortunate in
having hits bunched. Attendance. 5000. Scores:
First rame — R. H. E.
f-t. Louis 0 7 O
Brooklyn " 14 0
Batteries — Rhodes and O"NeiTl; Jcnes and
Ultter.
Second game — R. H. E.
St. Louis 3 6 2
Brooklyn ' 4 8 1
Batteries — Brown and Ryan; Schmidt arid
Jacklittch. Umpires — Moran and Hurst.
BOSTON, Aug. 15. — Pittsburg won the first
Fame t<vday, but the wlldners of Dcheny cost
Pittsburg the second. Attendance, 5S47. The
ST. LOUTS SHUT OUT
BY JONES' PITCHING
Wolf FlelBher (owner) with S. H. Robinson
(contractor), architect Charles J. Rousseau,
all work except plumbing, coal heater and til-
Ing for a 4-story and basement frame building
on the W line of Laguna street. 67:0 N of
Geary N 00 by W 137:6, Western Addition lot
231: total. $26,600.
Same owner with J. Looney (contractor), ar
chitect same, plumbing, coal heater and tiling
for same on same; total. $4900.
John Hunter (owner) with Terrill Bros, (con
tractors), architect Charles Paff. all work for
a two-story frame residence and barn on the
S line of Seventeenth street, 100 W of Do
lores W 25 by 8 88:8: total, $4275.
James A. Snook (owner) with George Peter
son (contractor), architect Fred B. Wood, all
work for alterations and additions to a three
story brick building on W line of Davis street,
27 S of Claj> S 20 by W 55; total, $1945.
Sadie Mycan (owner) with Theo. S. Holn
(contractor/, architect Maxwell G. Bugbee. all
work except shades and gas fixtures for alter
ations of a cottage Into flats on the E line of
Larkin street. 27:6 S of Chestnut, S 27 :6 by
E 110; total. $4163.
Mrs. Alice Dwyer (owner) with Thomas F.
Mitchell (contractor and architect), all work
for a two-story frame building (flats) on W
line of Utah street, 175 S of Twenty-fourth, S
25. W 6*. NE 26:3, E 96; total, $."$800.
Mrs. Theresa Kenny (owner) with the Build
ing Construction Company (contractors and ar
chitects), all work for a one-story frame (store
and cottage) on the W line of Can- street, 125
N of Ballna* avenue, N 50 by W 100; total,
$1200.
Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society to Hen
ry Planz, lot on W line of San Joi<e avenue.
110 S of Twenty-fourth street, S 57:9 by W
158; $C500.
Charles R. or Richard Otto to George T.
Knox, lot on W line of Sanchez street, 70 S
of Army. S 28 by W 80; gift.
Vittorio Cuneo to Pletro Queirolo, lot on SE
corner of Filbert etreet and Jasper dace, E
CO by S 37:6; $5000.
Pletro Queirolo to Luca Bacciocco. undivided
Vi of same; $3000
Margaret C. O'Connor to Charles P. Bush,
lot on S line of Post street. 119:3 E of Tay
lor. E 1S:3 by 8 72:5U; $10.
Otto F., Adolph and Herman or Hermann
Huber. Miss Anna Boxton. Arthur or Arthur
G. Unger and Flora Flynn (Unger) to James
F. Leahy lot on SW line of Main «treet. 203:4
SE of Mission SE 25:10. SW 137:6. NW 45:10.
NE 77:6. SE 20, NE 00; $10.
Oscar T. Luning to A. Aronson. lot on NT
oorner of Third and Jessie etreets, NW 69. NE
79 SE 31. NE 4 SE 38. SW 8.1, subject to
party wall agreement, 2« Cov. 202; $10.
Charles B. and Mary E. Humbert to Emlle
Ramlot. lot on E line of Third avenue. 73
E of California street. S 25 by E 82:6; $10.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Charles
and Adele Gillet lot on E line of Second ave
nue 100 S of B' street. S 25 by E 120; $10.
Albert Meyer to James K. Fraser, lot on
W line of Flfd avenue. 110 S of Hugo street,
S 50 by W 120; $10.
Sarah A. and John W Fllnn to J. W.
Wright & Sons Investment Company, lot on
E line of Forty-fifth avenue, 167 N of J street,
N 60 by E 120; $10. »
Rosa Rosenfeld to H. T. and Francesca E.
Blote, lot on E line of Nineteenth avenue. 1U5
N of M street. N 55 by E 120; $10.
P. A Dolan to Charles W. Pope, lot on S
line of M street.' 32:6 E of Twenty-third ave
nue E 25 by 8 100; $10.
David and Emma Hirschfeld to same, same;
$10
Mary G. Buckingham (wife of George H.) to
John H. Gordon. ; lot on W line of Ninth ave
nue 200 S of N street, S 75 by W 120; $1.
John H and Nellie B. Gordon to Solomon
Getz lot on W line of Ninth avenue, 200 S of
N street. S 50 by W 120; $10.
William Kronlng to George E. Etallman, lot
on SE line of Louisburg street, 162 SW of
Geneva SW 44:6 by SE 103:6, lot C2. San
Miguel Homestead: $10.
Jacob Heyman Company to Philip and Alice
V. McCall. lot 40. block 8, Holly Park Tract;
Mary Linehan to Joseph C. and Mae LInehan.
lot on NE line of Mateo street. 100 SE of
Arlington NE 113 by SE 24:5, portion lot 1.
block 10. Falnnount Tract; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Thomas Butler to J. J. Butler, lot on S line
of Fourteenth street. 152 E of Castro, E 26
by S 11 Z; $10. •
John I. and Laura L. .Sal. In to Irene Kabln,
lot on S line of Pine street. 137:0 E of De
vifadero, E 68:9 by S 137 :G; gift.
Maria J. Euler to Henry and Henry Euler
Jr.. lot on N line of Bush street, 175 E of
Lyon, E 25 by N 137:6; gift.
F. R. and Sophie Grannis to F. J. Mc-
Gllnchey. lot commencing 100 feet on N line
of Eacramento street and 74:11 E of Central
avenue N 27:8Vi by E 25; $10.
Charles H. and Laura A. E. Huffman to
Henry C. Owens, lot on N line of Frederick
tstreet, 04:4^ E of Shrader. E 25 by N 100; $10.
Amelia A. Cole (wife of Henr^T to Anna C.
Muessdorffer twlfe of Konrad). lot on S line
of Beulah etreet, 131:3 E of Stanyan, E 25
by B 137:6; $10.
Konrad Muessdorffer to Anna C. Meuss
dorffer, same; slit.
City and County of San Francisco to James
Hanley and Frederick Chester, lot on E lin^
of Folsom street, 210 N of Twenty-first. N 23
by E 117; S .
John 6. Smith to Elizabeth Smith, lot on E
line of Chattanooga street, 108 N of Twenty
fourth. N 22 by E 117; also lot on S line of
Jersey street, 25 E of Vlcksburg, i E 50 by S
114; also lot on W line of Rhode Island street,
175 N of Twenty-third, N 25 by W 100; $10.
Florence Marks to Llllie Homan (wife of Ed
ward), undivided one-third of lot on S line of
Golden Gate avenue, b2:0 W of Lacuna, W
68 by S 120; gift.
Georgle A. Randolph to Edith L. G. Clark,
lot on N line of Hayes street, 45 E of Steiner,
E 25 by N 100; $10.
William R. P. Clark to same, same; gift.
Carrie E. Bridge to Maggie E. Barr, lot on
N line of Bush street, 154:9 W of Polk, W
23:3. N 120. E 22:3, S C2, E 1, S CS, quitclaim
deed; $10.
Mary Hughes to Edward Hughes, lot on S
line of Green street. 98:3 E o( Laguna, E 20:9,
S 137:6, W 25, N 37:0. W 1:9. N 100; also lot
on S line or Broadway. 17:li E of Sansome
Mreet, S CS:9. E 20, S 1:3, E 20. N 70, W 40;
gift.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
The press committee of the Thirty
seventh National Encampment of the
Grand Army of the Republic opened its
headquarters in the Grand Hotel last
evening under auspicious circumstances.
There was a large attendance and the
beautifully decorated rooms presented an
animated appearance. Refreshments were
served and an excellent programme was
rendered by artists.
Newell E..Vinson, Wlllard Batchelder,
Miss Kathleen Parlowe, Miss Jean Dur
rell and Miss Alma Berglund entertained
the assemblage with songs and instru
mental music.
The visitors were received by Colonel
Hugh M. Burke, Colonel Charles Lv
Pierce and Elmort Lefflngwell. These
headquarters will be kept open the entire
week of the encampment. Newspaper
representatives and distinguished soldiers
will be entertained.
On Thursday afternoon a reception will
be tendered the newspaper writers at the
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art. Invita
tions have been sent out to 1500 people.
During the afternoon the Third Artillery
band will discourse music. Tea will be
served by ten Chinese maidens, dressed in
native costume. A Chinese orchestra
will play during the reception. The Press
Club quartet will sing and other talent
has been engaged for the occasion.
The following ladies will be on the re
ception committee: Mrs. C. Mason Kin
ne, Mrs. Samuel W. Backus, Mrs. Hugh
M. Burke, Mrs. Charles L. Pierce, Mrs.
E. C. Lefflngwell, Mrs. E. L. Simpson,
Miss Gertrude Partington, Mrs. John
Swift. Miss Mabel Porter Pitts, Miss
Laura Foster, Miss Donna Fulton, Miss
Marie Felling. Miss .Lawrence, Miss Viola
Rogers, Miss Grace Fern, Miss Ferguson,
Mrs. John J. Barrett, Miss Virginia Bras
low, Miss Rose Steele, Mrs. Clara E. Ed
wards, Mrs. Thomas Nunan. Mrs. E. C.
Stock, Mrs. Frederick W. Ross, Miss Ma
bel Moore, Miss Henry Brooke, Mrs. Flor
ence P. Matheson, Mrs. Marion B. Foster,
Mrs. Augusta M. Cahill.
The reception will begin at 2 p. m.
Press Committee Entertains Visitors
at the Grand Hotel.
OPENS' HEADQUARTERS.
of Colonel Steele. the secretary of the
commission, who was unable to come with
the others, and D. C. Spenee of New
York, arrived In the city early yester
day and registered at the California Ho
tel, where they will make Iheir head
quarters during the encampment. Await
ing the arrival of General Henderson was
a dispatch announcing the death in Los
Angeles of his brother. As a result of
this sad news his traveling companions
decided to accompany him south on the
afternoon train to attend the funeral cere
monies. They will return on Wednesday
next in time to participate in the Grand
Army parade. The party is traveling in
the private car Haselmere and has ar
ranged to make an extended tour of the
coast before returning to the East.
White, Luverne; Jacob Christianson,
Stark; Fred Dohm, Ben Brack, St. Paul;
Joude Loren Collins, St. Cloud.
The Minnesota delegates are E. B.
Force, Duluth; George W. Grant, De
troit; Joseph Smith, Morton; J. C. Cong
den, Bralnerd; C. W. Curtis, Minneapolis;
J. F. Wyman, Northfleld; Fred Bloom,"
Woodstock; George W. Rockwell, Rush
ford, i
MUSICIANS CONFER.
Committee From Union and ( Mayor
Meet Executive Committee.
Mayor Schmitz and Messrs. Keogh,
Kent and Schupert, members of the com
mittee selected by the Musicians' Mutual
Protective Union to confer with the ex
ecutive committee of the Grand Army of
the Republic, called at headquarters in
the Grand Hotel yesterday and held a
long consultation. Mayor Schmitz is pres
ident of the union, but appeared in his
private capacity. He expressed the hope
that the differences which exist between
the union and the committee
would be ameliorated and he said he
would do his best to bring about a settle
ment. General Stone said he was glad
that the Mayor had come in and he asked
on behalf of the committee that the affair
be settled. The committee will report
back to the union and it is likely that
some settlement will be reached within a
few days.
SABBATH OBSERVANCES
AT VARIOUS CHURCHES
Many Beautiful Numbers to Be
Given at the Musical Service in
Grace M. E. Church.
Services at the churches this day are
as follows:
California-Street M. E. — Morning, "Jesus
Christ, the Savior of the World"; evening,
"The Imperatives of Christ." Pastor, Rev.
Clarence Reed.
Emanuel Evangelical — Morning, "In Christ-
Like Christ": evening, "The Conversion of
Paul." Pastor, Rev. F. W. Fischer,
Plymouth Congregational — Morning, "Come";
evening, "The Law-Abiding Man." Pastor.
Rev. I. C. Meaerve.
First Congregational— Morning. "A Desert
Place Apart"; evening, "A Delayed Missionary
Interest." Pastor, Rev. George C. Adams.
Second Unitarian — Morning. "A Preachment
from Plato." Pastor. Rev. Jay William Hud
son.
Rev. Frank K. Baker will talk to young
men this afternoon at 3 o'clock in the
Young Men's Christian Association audi
torium, Mason and Ellis streets. His sub
ject is "Is the Younsr Man Safe in the
Social World?" There will be some.spe
cial musical selections by the blind evan
gelist singers, Mr. and Mrs. Baker of
Philadelphia. The service will be exclu
sively for men, all of whom are invited.
Mr. Eaton will resume the Sunday af
ternoon recitals this afternoon at the
close of the 4 o'clock service. Mrs. F. E.
Wells, contralto, of Fresno, a "pupil of
Mr. Eaton, will sing "The Ballad of the
Trees and Master," by Chadwick. The
organ numbers will be:
"AdaKto" (Johnston); spring song (Mendels
sohn): "Largo" (Handel); Vorsplel to third act
of "Melsterslftger" (Wagner); "Prayer and
Cradle," song (Guilmant).
Rev. Father Riordan will preach at the
10:30 o'clock mass this morning In St.
Ignatius Church. In the evening Rev.
Father Forhan will preach.
Rev. Father Hopper will preach at the
solemn mass this day at St. Mary's (Paul
ist) Church. Rev. Father Stark will de
liver the evening sermon.
The regular monthly programme of sa
cred music will be ,_ rendered at St. Dom
inic's Church thfg evening, when the fol
lowing numbers will be given: '
Organ ' solo, grand solemn march (Smart) ;
solo and chnrus, "The Night la Calm" (Golden
Legend) (Sullivan), Mrs. B. Apple: solo,
"Abide With Me" (Llddle), Miss Ella V. Mc-
Cloekey; organ solo, air with variations. In G
(Lemmens), quartet: "Sub Tuum" (Dubols);
solo and chorus, "Praise Ye the Lord" Ran
deKuer), Mrs. B. Apple. At benediction — "O
Salutarls" (Stevenson); "Tantum Ergo"
(Gluck); organ postlude, "Triumphal March"
(Grieg). Dr. H. J. Stewart, organist, and di
rector of the choir. . • . . .
First English Lutheran Church — Morning,
"The Glory of the Saints.". Afternoon, . "The
First Day of the Creation." Rev. E. Nelander.
Music at the Park.
The following programme will be ren
dered at Golden Gate Park this after
noon:
PART I.
"Star-Spangled Banner."
March, "Veteran's Greeting" (first time)..
• • • • • • Caro Roma
Dedicated to G. A. R. Encampment.
Overture, "Robespierre" Lltolff
"VValtzses, Carlotta Mlllocker
Solo for flute .."La Travlata"
Performed by, Bfgr. A. Lombardo.
Grand fantsla, "Prelschutx" Weber
PART II.
Overture, "La Gazza Ladra 1 ' Rossini
Suite. "The Nightingale and FroK"..EllenberB
Steuermann's Lied and Matrosen chorus
from "The Flying, Dutchman" Wagner
Descriptive, "On the Plantation" Puerner
Grand selection from "The Serenade"
• • » Victor Herbert
"America."
Will Not Support Family.
Frank J. Wilson, a wireworker, appear
ed before Police Judge Mogan yesterday
on a charge of failure to provide for his
wife and children. The complaining wit
ness was "William H. Geraghty, 310 Lang»
ton street, his brother-in-law. Oeraghty
testified that Wilson web before Pollca
Judge Cabaniss : several months ago and
promised at that time to properly sup
port his family, but since the month of
April he had only contributed $4. '-Wilson
agreed to pay his wife $5 per week, and
on that understanding sentence was bum
pended.". Wilson was shot ,. about two
months ago during a fight among the
striking wlreworkers and those taking
their places.
Anniversary Banquet.
The Native Sons'- Social and Literary
Committee will celebrate the first anni
versary of Its organization -on Saturday
August 29, by giving a banquet in one of
the first class rotlsserles.
Continued from Page 37, Column 4.
Vanguard of Grand Army Veterans Due To- Day
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
niS Center Street. Aug. 15.
Hereafter tie boarding-house keepers of
Berkeley inust Insist that their co-ed.
guesls of the University of California en
tertain their gentlemen callers In the
frost parlor, or some other consplcuos
place, or else be blacklisted by the Young
Women's Christian Association. No more
¦whispering behind the portieres in the
hall; no more tete-^a-teteing on the street
eteps. The calling must be carried on on
the puritanical order and in plain view of
the household,
This destruction of the ancient canons
of Berkeley, by which from time immemo
rial the eds. and co-eds, have done their
calling In pretty much any way they
pleased, was brought about by a visit
Mlas Mary Ingle Bentley, general secre
tary of the Young Women's Christian As
sociation, paid yesterday to the boarding
houses of Berkeley. She hired a horse and
buggy and called on 150 landladies, and
from 1<7 of them exacted a promise that
they would see that their co-ed, boarders
received In the parlor. The three that re
fused to comply will probably suffer, for
they will not be put on the Young Wom
en's Christian Association's approved list
of boarding-house* — a penalty that almost
amounts to blacklisting.
Miss Secretary Bentley says she is
pleased with the almost universal ac
quiescence of the boarding-house ladies
to her requests. She feels that the con
sciences of herself and the other officers
of the Young Women's Christian Associa
tion, who promised country mothers tc
lock after their girls, are now at rest. Htr
visit of yesterday was the result of a re
cent conference which she had with Miss
Ethel Musgrove and Mfss Mary Page,
president and Bible director, respectively,
of the association, who agreed that pro
miscuous visiting should be tabooed.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Aug. 15.
James "A. Serrine, supposed to be
wealthy, died at SIS Broadway yesterday,
and his body was hurriedly shipped to
San Francisco for cremation by friends.
According to Attorney Herbert Patterson,
they took a recently made will of the old
man's and a box containing stocks and
bonds. To be on time. Public Adminis
trator Gray filed a petition for special
letters on the estate to-day, and while the
petition has not been granted he has it
on file awaiting the first move made for
probating It.
Serrine was a product of the frontier.
He is reputed to own a rich mine In New
Mexico, over which half a hundred men
have been killed. It is said that a short
time ago he refused an offer of $150,000
for It. He Is known to have owned real
estate in Chicago. He died with two or
three men about him, and a man giving
the name of Fred Kleupfer was asked to
witness the will.
Patterson In conversation to-day said:
"This haste is odd, the making of. the
will and the taking of a box supposed to
contain valuables by men who were not
bound to him by other ties than those of
friendship, so we are prepared and wait
ing to see what they will do In the mat
ter."
Y. W. 0. A. Secretary Makes
Them Agree to Insist
on Publicity.
Knowledge of Freshly Made
Will Shrouds Death of
Wealthy Man.
Hurry Remains of James
Serrine to San
Francisco.
Boarding-House Women
Must Look After
"Co-Eds"
PARLOR CORRECT
PLACE FOR CALLS
REMOVE BODY
AND VALUABLES
THE SAN FRANOISCIO CALL, SUNDAY; AUGUST 16, 1903.
p j| Supervisors' Committee on
II • Public Utilities will recommend
II the passage by the Board of Su
~ pervisors of a bill giving notice
of a special election to be held
on Tuesday, September 23. 1903, for the pur
pose of submitting to the electors of the
city and county twelve propositions for
The said notice of election specifies the
purpose for which the Indebtedness is pro
posed to be incurred; that the bonds to be
issued shall be of the character known as
the- construction and acquisition of mu
nicipal buildings, Improvements and lands,
and to incur a bonded indebtedness there
for.
serials, bearing Interest at the rate of &A
per cent per annum, and shall be of de
nominations of $100, $500 and $1000 each, In
the number designated in the following
table, and also specifies the amount of the
total maximum tax levy and the maxi
mum tax levy for one year to be made
for the payment of each proposition:
Designate the Number and Denomination of the Serial Bonds Pro
posed to Be Issued for the Construction and Acquisition of
Municipal Buildings, Sewers, Schools, Parks and Playgrounds
SUPERVISORS WILL GIVE NOTICE
OF ELECTION FOR IMPROVEMENTS
38
• ADVEBTISE1CENTS.
nn. IjAwiience'S woxderpix sew improved n
Mb VACUUM DEVELOPER!
«KSftAK<\ . - AND WVIGORATOR. t)
With »yt Patenteil I'erfect Diaphragm, anil Other It
-^LVF^ Improvfraentu, Sold Only by Vm. \\
mmifi? .. Quickly Kratorei Lost Strength, Permanently Cores {¦
f$M& ' Vnrl«««M«elr. Stricture and Profttntltls, by a simple HO ML!
fi I Till J ATM EXT. v n
K '.'I Jj The VACUUM DEVELOPER stimulates and enerylies the n«rv« \\
JJ 'I.I j fore* and Induces a full and free circulation of blood Into the debill- f I
If I fi tninii parts, thus permanently strengthening and d*veloplnar them. L3
•IJu'lK V '""" or .write for our 84-page Illustrated book No. ti, snowing the ¥1
• ill 1*' * nlnI " *y at * m *nd explaining our special treatment. Every man should fi
•fll ,| k. re«i1 It. Pent plain sealed free. t j
Hi ' 'J J All Utftpuxr* of Men. Contracted Disorders, etc.. treated and jj
Id Hi 5 curort by our specialists, even when others fall. II
fct T i* ('otimiltntlon Free anil confidential, at office* or by mall. 13
jffS-yV Mi'Ul» — I) n. m. to 0 p. m. Sundays. 10 a. m. to 1 p. m. Open evenings. } I
\, HEALTH APPLIANCE CO., 1
0 O'Farrcll St>, near Market St., 6an Francisco* ft
; . ' "¦^¦l^'^"— «i^s^s^s^s^s^s^^s^^s^s^»^s^i^i^i^^i^i^i^i^B^B^B^B^^B^^s»BI^^^^^^^^^^^^^^LOCAL MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
Articles — Open. High. Low. Clos».
Wheat No. 2 —
September MU 84% 83?- KCji
Sept. (new) 85% 84% Ki% 83%
Dec. (new) M% 84 83^ 83%
May 85>4 &5H , 84% ' . HZy-
Corn No. 2 —
September l>2% 62% 52% 52%
December. , M 63>,i. 52% . S2¥
May KJ% 53?i 62?g 63
Oats No. 2 —
September 3!5% 35% 34% 34%
December M% 36% 30% 3«%
May 3SVi 38!,4 .38 3S«
Mess Pork, per bbl—
September ;13 07% 13 15 13 00 13 00
May ..13 20 13 25 13 15 13 25
Lard, per 100 lbs— .
September ..... 8 00 S 00 7 90 7 97%
October 7 6714 7,67i4 7 6214 7 65
Meat' Market.
The local packers ; have reduced their bids
Oil Stock— Bid. Asked.
Caribou Oil Co 75 SO
Four Oil .......".. .... 70
Hanford Oil ..:.... ..133 00
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Potatoes . and Onions were in ample supply
and steady, although the market '.was quiet,
as ts usually the case on Saturday. Most of
the supplies from the river came to hand late
and had to be held over for to-morrow's : mar
ket. Burbanks from Salinas and choice Sweets
from Stockton were offering in limited quan
tities and met with prompt sale.
Vegetables > were In ample supply and moved
freely under a" steady local demand. Receipts
of Lima. Beans were the heaviest thus far this
season, and although the demand was good
prices, declined and some poor' stock sold
below the quoted rates. •• Receipts of Tomatoes
were moderate and prices were maintained.
Good ' Green Corn was ¦ in demand at sti»ady
rates, but poor stock.' which was offering free
ly continued to 'drag at the minimum quota
tions. A few small consignments of Pickle
Cucumbers were received, and met- with ready
sale at good figures. The other vegetables had
no quotable change. _¦
POTATOES— New White. 80c6*l 35 per ctl
In sacks and $1 2531 75 in boxes, with soma
fancy, higher; .: Salinas : Burbanks. $1 7501 33
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetable's.
Hods are firm at the advance, with the trade
MDectlng still higher prices. The situation Is
veiv Ftrong. Hides are weak. In sympathy with
the East. Wool rules firm, with a good de
mand which keeps the market well cleaned up.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l»4c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers 10c: medium, ftc; light, 8c; Cow
Hides' 8c for heavy and he for light;
itsn 6c- Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal. »%c;
Batted Caif. 10c; dry Hides. 10c: dry Kip. 23c;
!?rv Calf 18c; Sheepskins, shearlings, : 23@30c
each- short .wool. - 40@50c each; medium. • 700
-joc" long wool. $1©1 60 each; Horse Hides, salt.
I-. 75 for large and $2 25®2 CO for medium. $2
for small and OOc for Colts; Horss Hides, dry.
SI 75x for large and $1 60 for medium. $131 25
lor «nail and 50o for Colts. Buck Skint— Dry
M«lcan 32 dry. salted Mexican. 26c; dry
Central American. 32V4c. Goat Skins-Prime
Angoras, 75c: large and smooth, 60c; medium.
1 rendered. 4V J ©4%c per lb;
No. 2. 4Q4WC; grease. 2Vj@3c. ' _
WOOL Fall clip — SanJonquln Lambs'. 99
12c- Foothill, 10©12c: Middle County, 11JJ13C.
Quo'tatlons for spring clip are as follows: Hum
bold t and Mendoclno, 18©20c: Nevada. 13«16c:
Valley Oregon. flne,18@19c; do. medium. 17©
18c: dn. coarse. 16I&17C per lb. ' .
HOPS— 20c per lb to growers.
Hides, Talloiv, Wool and Hops.
Previous prices rule, with a quiet market.
BEANS— Bayo*. $3®3 60; Pea, $3 25; But
ters, $3 25; small. White. $2 C5@3 10;' large
White. $2 6502 90; Pink, $2 S5®3 10; Red.
$2 90@3: Lima. $3 23@3 50; Red Kidneys, nom
inal; Blackeye. $2 65<&2 90 j>er ctl: Hon*
Beans, $1 40«l 50 ' ' ., ' -
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $1 70@l 60; Canary,
r>@5^c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal ; Rape,
1%@- Vic; Timothy, 6®6%c; Hemp, 3V«O3V.c
per lb; Millet, 3&3Vjc; Broom Corn Seed. $20^
23 per ton. ~ • •' -
DRIED PEAS — Green, $1 S0@2 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
CHICAGO. Aug. 15. — There was a big de
mand for wheat at the start to-day, due to
higher cables and the exceedingly strong senti
ment In the cash situation In the Northwest,
and the market opened strong, with September
s^QVic to %c higher, at 83%c to 8i-
Shorts covered freely early in the day and
with considerable buying by the bull leaders
on the higher outside markets, Minneapolis
being especially strong, cash wheat there sell-
Ing at $1 01 per bushel. • Prices advanced rap-
Idly, September selling up to 84Vic within a
few minutes from the opening. Commission
houses sold on the advance and much of the
gain was lost, although the market at no time
showed any disposition toward weakness. On
the down turn. September sold off to R3Vic, but
rallied again later. The latter part of the ses
sion showed more steadiness and September
closed at 83WjC a net gain of %@%c . • ...
Corn was quiet and the undertone was easy,'
although the strength In wheat served to steady
prices somewhat. September closed unchanged
at 52%c.
There were no Important features In the trad
ing In oats and prices held barely steady. The
close was easier, with EeptemDer down f4c at
34%c.
Provisions were again weak, with September
liquidation the feature. A nrm hog market
had a steadying Influence. September pork
closed 17He lower; lard was off 5«5>7MjC and
ribs were down 7%@10e.
Tbe leading futures ranged as follows:
Government Fruit Crop Report.
<From the Cro;. Bulletin. United States De
partment of Agriculture, Washington, D. C,
week ended Aucuet 3.)
New England — Som* apples blown off by
high winds, otherwise condition unchanged;
I>«-crs and p!um« uneven, latter aomewhat
damaged by blight.
New York — Apples improving, but less than
average yield rrorcised: grapes declining.
New Jeney-V;ranb«TTT bogs in Ocean Coun
ty full of blossoms, proepecu excellent for a
larpe crop; peaches net promising.
Pennsylvania — Berries plentiful; apples fair
quality, light crcp: peaches scarce.
Maryland and Delaware — Apple* promising.
Virginia — Apple » harvest beginning, crop
North Carolina— narly apple* ripening, late
«-;Tlt« in wftt more promising than heretofore.
trtorgU— Peach fhlpments practically closed;
:n< lnr> late ar.d inferior.
Florid*— Bxins needed In sections cf citrus
lilt.
Arkansas— No improvement In peaches and
I mj1«*.
!"«-m«>*«i«« — Apples and grapes fair prospects.
Kr^tucky— Apples g^ood In west section,
scarce elsewhere.
Missouri— Arrle crcp very light.
Illinois— Lisht crop or apples of Indifferent
quality premised. jSBSSl^fef*
Indiana— ApT-les promise ll«fct to fair crop
of £rnerai:y lr.fericr quality.
Virginia— Very little fruit except some
ri j'l»-s; irraj*» quite promising.
oi.fo — Apples ffrom-in« well; plums, grapes
*r.d blackberries plenUful; peaches anfl pears
Mlth!gan— Apple* continue falrlr promising;
pcrtfhwi ripening r-icely.
Wisconsin— Apple* light crop.
It;wa — Ajipie crop doing well.
¦ Nebraska— Small local damage to fruit by
tcvere ctorm*. .
Kansas— Api<Jes fair in south, very light In
Oklahoma Territory— Fruit giving fair to
good yields.
Colorado — Fruits doing well.
New Mexico — Peaches, plums, pears and ap
p\r% giving Irregular yields, but quality is fine.
• Utah— Fruit being marketed with good yields
cenerally.
Oregon — Prunes and pe*rs doing well; early
(ipp)es ripe.
St. Louis Wool Market.
FT LOUIS. Aug 15.— Wool, culet. Medium
Krades combing and clothing. 16g21Hc: light
fine. 16C18c; hea\-y fine, 12@I5c; tub washed,
20S23%c . _
Flrem's Fnd. — — /
BANK STOCKS.
Am Natl Bk. — — . Lon P & A. — —
Anglo-Cal . . — — Merch Trust. — —
Bank of Cal. — — Merch Ex... — —
CSD&T. — — SF Natlonl. — —
First Natlonl — —
SAVINGS BANKS. v
Ger S & L. . — — Sav & L Ho. — —
Hum S & L. — — Sec 8av Bk. — —
Mutual Sav.. — — Union T Co. — —
S F Sav U. — —
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — — I Presidio 33 43
Geary — —~ ' ¦
POWDER.
Giant-. 67 6S /Vigorit — 6K
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — 2% Kllauea S C. — — ,
Hawaiian C. 43 — Makawell C. — —
Honokaa S C 12U 13 Onomea S C. — — -'
Hutch S P C 13% 13% Paauhau S C 14% 15%
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.l3C% — lOceanlc S Co T —
Cal Fruit As. — — Pac A F A. — —
Cal Wine As. 05 96 IPac C Borx. — —
Morning Session.
- Board — *
10 Alaska Packers' Assn 137 00
10 Alaska Packers* 'Assn ...136 73'
SO Alaska Packers' Assn........... 136 5O
15 Hutchtnson S P Co.. 13 25
35 Pacific Gas Imp 61 5O
R Pacific Gas. Imp.... 51 0O
; 10 8 F Gas & Electric Co. : 63 00
40 S F Gas & Electric Co 64 0")
$2000 S P of Arizona (1010).". 108 75
$3000 S V 4s (third mortgage) ...... \.100 HO
50 Sf Q'tt E, trustees certificates. 63 50
50 S fF G A E, trustees' certificates. 63 00
Street —
$3000 Market-st R R Con 6s 117 5O
$5000 S F & 6 J V Bonds 120 00
Choice grades of Hay are firm, but the me
dium and lower grades are weak. Receipts
continue liberal, as will be eeen. There is no
change In Feedstuffs, the whole line being firm
BHAN— $24 tUH'A 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— *l'7ft30 per ton.
SHORTS— $24025 pei; ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $2.".@24 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $i:6®20 50- Job
bing, $27027 50 1 Cocoanut Cake. $21©l'i;
Corn Meal. $:« 5OS34 50: Cracked Corn. S34toao-
Mixed Feed, $23@24; Horse Beans, $2S@30 per
ton. ' '
HAY— Wheat, $12014. with sales at $14 60;
Wheat and Oat. $ll@13 50: Oat, $10013; Wild
Oat. $0 50@ll W); Barley." $0911: Clover. $8 50
Gil: Stock. $S@9: Alfalfa. $S@10 60 per ton.
STRAW — 50&OOC per bale.
Hay and Feeds tuffs.
LIVERPOOL. »
Wheat — Sept. Oct. r>c
Opening .' 6 7 6 6% 0 7
CTosing- 6 7 0 6% 6 7
PARIS.
Wheat — Aug. Nov.-Feb.
Opening. . .'. Holiday.
Closing Holiday.
Flour —
Opening Holiday.
Closing Holiday.
Chicago Grain Market.
Foreign Futures.
This market Is steady enourh. with a fair
trade reported, but Chicago continues to report
unsatisfactory conditions. The Chicago letter
of Bolton, De Ruyter & Co., says: "Market is
dull and unchanged. Ther» seems nothing in
the current conditions to relieve the situation.
Receipts of hosrs are nil the time liberal, the
ouality fine, demand disappointing and stocks
accumulating. We see nothing to make higher
Pr cURED MEATS— Bacon. 12%c per lb for
heavy 13c for light medium, 15c for light.
15 Vic for extra light. 17%c for sugar-cured and
1KV.C for extra sugar-cured; Eastern eugar
curea Hams; 15%c: California Hams. 15%c;
Mess Beef. $11 B0@12 per bbl; extra Mess. $12
As 50; Family. $W 50; prime Mess Pork. $10;
extra clear. $25; .Mess, $20: Dry Salted Pork.
l£%c; Pi* P° rk - * 28: plKS Feet - * 3 25 = Smoked
B^ARD^-Tlerce"s quoted at 7%c per lb for
rornDOund and 10®lOViC for pure; half barrels.
S£! ? Toy.@lO%c; 10-lb tins. 10%@llc; 6-lb
Fins' llttc; 3-lb tins. llMc
COTTOLENE-One half barrel. 8%c; three
half barrels 6V1C one tierce. 9»ic; two tlercea,
O^c: five tierces. 9%c per lb.
Provisions.
FLOUR— California Family Extras', $4 60®
4 «i usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 50<g-4 60;
Oregon- and Washington, $3 00® 1 20 per bbl
for family and $3 00@4 40 for Bakers.
MILLSTUFF5?— Prlcfirt in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 60 per 100 lbs; Rys
Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour, $7;
Corn Meal. $3 60: extra cream do. $4 25; Oat
Oroats. $4 60; Hominy. $4 253*4 50; Buckwheat
Flour, $4 50®4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Fa
rina. $4 60; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 75; Rolled
Oats, bble. $7®B 60; in sacks, $6 50@S 10"
Pearl Barley. $6; Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and M illstu ffs.
FLOW OP BIVERS.
The following tables give a comparative
statement for two years of the estimated flow
of certain California rivers in cubic feet per
second, or second feet, one second foot equal.
Ing 50 California miner's mchee. or about 4i>
Colorado miner's Inches. The figures for the
last year may be revised by later measure
ments. The figures are by J. B. LJfplncott.
hydrographen United States Geological Survey:
"""tuolumne river at la grange.
Second Feet.
DATE v , 190^\_}^_
August 2 300 T
August 3 *» 0
August 4 133 7
August 3... • 1« 2
August « «l O
August 7 8O O
August 8 S 5 *
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN, r
. Second Feet.
August 2 910 £3 _
August 3 S4o 84o
August 4 78O TSO
August 5 7»O
August « 7-3
Ausrust 7....' • »*0 7JS
August 3 } S<3 «™
TULE RIVER NEAR PORTERVILLb"
. Second Feet.
. ' DATK 1902.
August 2 2* M
August 3 Zjj --
August 4 23 21
August 5 ~ . -=J>
August « -- *>
August 7 2J ]•
Aurust 8 ** **
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask. BId.Ask.
4s qr coup... 109 110 4s qr c (new) 134 135
4s qr reg 109 110 3s qr coup... — 107%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — Oceanic S 5s. — —
Bay CPC 5s. — . — O T 6s — 122%
C C G&E 6s. — — Do 5s .... — —
Cal O & E g Do con 6s. — —
and ct 9i. — — Oa C R 6s. — —
Cal-st C 5s. — — Pac G Imp 4s — —
C C Wat 5s. — — P E Ry 5s..l08U107
Ed L & P 6s. — — P & C R 6s. — —
F Cl R «s.. — — P&OR6S. — —
Geary-st 6s.. — — ,PoweIl-st 6s. — —
H C & S 5%s — — S E G&R 5s. — — '.
H C & S 5s... — — SF & SJV 6s. — 120
Hon R T 6s. — — S R of C 6s. — ' —
L A Elec 5s. — — S P of A 6s
L A Ry 6a.. — — (1900) 107%10SVi
L A L C 6e. — — (1910) ....108% —
Do gtd 66. — — S P Ct C 68
*Do gtd 5s. — — (1905)Sr A. — —
LAP fem 5s. — — (19O5)Sr B. — —
Mkt-st C 6s. — — (1906) — —
Do lem 5s. 117 118 (1912) — —
N R of C 6e. — — B P C leg 5s. — —I
NRC(of C)5s. — — Do stmpd. — . —
NPC RR 5s. — — S P B R 6s. — —
N C Ry 5s.. — — S V Wat 6s. — —
N C P 6s... — — I Do 4s 2dm. — 100
N S R 59... — 93 j Do 4s 3dm 09% —
O G L II Bs. — — Stkn G&E 6s. — —
O W C g 5s. — — JU G & E 5s. — —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — . 60 ]Port Costa... — —
Marin Co -— — ISpring Val.. 84 —
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. — — Sac E G & R -^ —
Eqult Gas... — — SFG&E. — 64
Mutual E L. 12H 13% S F Gas.... — —
Pac G Imp. 60 61 Stkn O & E. — —
Pac L Co... — - JUGftE — —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
8 F G & E. 62% «l / '
INSURANCE.
SATURDAY. Aug. 15—12 m.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
reads \ery duty. Potatoes in general are do
ing v«ry »ell, though there are a few reports
of blight. In euch cases, it is »aid. the tops
&re larp* ar.d thrifty locking, but there are
1' w pctatces in the hllli>. On the who>, how
fvfr. the potato crop gives promise of being
a. large one.
The report cf G. N. Salisbury, section direc
tor, V r.ited Btate* Weather Pureau. for the
Washington Crcp Bulletin, week ended August
11. is a? follows :
Th» week was dry throughout, cool during
the first part end moderately warm during the
latter part. In fom« localities of the eastern
KlUati it was n»r>crted as hot, but It Is
thought r.ot so bet as to have been injurious
ti crops.
The*-hole week was me cf ideal weather for
the err.a'l ii.rr.ount cf haymaking that remained
and for tbe harvesting cf winter wheat. The
wlr.ter wheat cutting is now finished, or nearly
bo. in mwt localities. What threefcing has
I* en deme has thown variable yield* according
to locality and cultl\-ation. In Walla Walla
County the yield Is about average on hill lands
and b*-lcw avt-rage on the low lands. The qual-
Jty 1* excellent- In Adams and Lincoln coun
ties the yield fs lair. Oats are ripening and
nit ting is in progress. The yield is somewhat
abort in the eastern counties, but very gool
i.i the- western counties. Sprir.g wheat has
filled well and is maturing rapidly. Cutting
};as begun in a. few field*, but will be general
af»out the 17th. On account cf the July rains.
a.nd favorable weather eince. the general yield
¦»::i bt pemewhat better than was expected a
m<-r.th ago. The straw ii short, but the beads
BTf well filled and the wheat will be plump
£ni of high grade.
Rain at this time would be bad for the wheat
ar.'i oetB harvest, but It is much needed by
iste vegitaWes. fruit*, trseadows and pasture*.
Th«? latter are becoming ehort and dry and the
Washington Crop Bulletin.
A growing demand for new Peaches In the
country is reDorted, and a few cars have al
ready gone forward. New Apricots are quiet,
but firmly held. There Is a fair demand for
new Raiflns and a few orders have been
booked, subject to opening quotations.
Extracted Honey Is steady, while comb Is In
light supply and firm.
NEW FRUIT— Apricots, 6%©9c for Royals
and 9<GF10c for Moorparks: Evaporated Apples.
54@6V»c; Peaches. 4%«$7c for fair to good
stock: Pears, nominal at 7c.
OLD FRUIT— Evaporated Apples. 4@5^c;
sun-dried ZQ\c: Nectarines, 4@5c for white.
Plums. 406c for pitted and 1©1%c for unpit
ted- Figs. 3%«Mc for black and 4@5c for white.
PRUNES— 1902 crop. 2%@2%c for the four
elzes. with %«lc premium for the large sizes.
RAISINS— 1902 crop are quoted as follows:
2-crown loose Mu3catels. 60-lb boxes, 5%c per
lb- 3-crown. 5%c: 4-crown. 6c; Seedless, loose
Muscatels, 5o; Seedless Sultanas, 6c; Seedless
Thompsons. 6Vjc; 2-crown London Layers, 20
lb boxes $1 4«» per box\ 3-crown, $1 50; 4
crown fancy clusters, 20-Ib boxes, $2; 2-crown
Dehtsas, 20-lb boxes. $2 50; 6-crown Imperial.!
20-lS boxes, $>: Seeded, f. o. b. Fresno, fancy.
1-lb cartone. 7%e; Choice. 7%c.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, 12%@13c;
No. 2. lO^eilWc; No. 1 hardshell, Il%gl2c;
No. 2 10@lOfcc; new Almonds, lie for Nonpa
reils 'lOtfe for I X L. 10%e for Ne Plus Ul
tra and 8%c for Languedoc; Peanuts, ,5®7c
for Eastern; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $4 50
HONEY — Comb. new. 12%@13%c for white
and lie for amber; new water white extracted,
6V4@Cc; light amber extracted, 5®5 %c; dark.
4 ijEESWAX-27jf29c per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins, Honey.
Stock— Bales. High. Low. Cloee.
Atchison 34,000 03 «1»: 61 *-
Atchison pfd tt.KK) 83% 89' S9
Baltimore & Ohio.. 1,200 &»»,» S2'« 82 vi
Bait & Ohio pfd... 200 88 88 ' 87^
Canadian Pacific... 1.000 126»i 123^i 125V*
Cejit of New Jersey 15s
Chrs & Ohir. 2..-00 34U 32% 83 U
Chicago &- Alton... tt» 23 »i 23-V 23^
Chgo & Alton pfd.. 1,300 W C5 63
Chgo * G Wesfrrn. 2,500 17% l«»i mi
C & O W, B pM.. 1.200 31 £ 31 30*4
Chgo * Norwestn.. 1.000 167 103 lC6*i
Ohgo Term & Trn. ino 11 II It
Chgo T & T pfd... 400 21 20*1 20X
C, C. C & St Louis. l,r.00 7314 71 H 73»J
Colo Southern I.IOij 15»* 15 14**
Colo So lrt pt<i 400 64U 54 54
Colo So 2d pfd MX) 24>i 24V4 24',i
Del & Hudcon COO 103 164^ It5
Dt-1. Lack & West 243
Den & Itio Grande. 100 25 23 2iK
Den & 11 G pfd 100 77 77 76^
Krie 3fl.3oO 29% 2S"£ 21>V*
Erie 1st pfd 5,700 G7% «7 «7U
Erie 2d pfd 1.900 63 52 62 1 a
Great Nor pfd 165
Hocking Valley.... 100 t» CU 6S%
Hocking Val pfd 8H'-
UlinoU Central 1.10O 134% 133% 133%
Iowa Cet-trai 20
Iowa Central pfd. .. 400 39 38
Kans City Southern 400 23 22 22%
Kans CUy So vfd.. 100 374 37'^ 37%
Louisvl & Nash 1.400 108U 106^ 107
Maihaf.an El»v. .. 4,400 136% 135\i 13o'i
Metropoltn St Ry.. 0«0 115H 115 114%
Minn & St Louis... 100 M% 69% 69
Missouri Pacific 14.600 tHJ^, 95 S5H
Mo, Kans & Tex... 1.8<i0 21 13^ 26V-
Mo. K *c Tex pfd.. 2,3«>0 43*4 41 42
Nat I!R Mrx pM.. COO 41H 40 41
New York Central.. 5.300 125% 124% 124%
Norfolk & Western. 2,4(>0 64^4 iii-'t C3V4
Nor & West pfd Mi
Ontario & Western. 2,400 24H 23^ ~l$t
Pennsylvania 16.200 12« 125 12."»
P. C, C & St Louis. 100 61 IJ 61 14 61%
Reading r2,000 66' 64% 55(i
itcadlns lFt pfd 100 81U bHi HI
Heading 2d ifd 70 -
Jtock iHland Co 16.000 2Cii 25U 255i
Rock Island pfd... ,1.200 «5% 63 65
S L & S F lit pfd. 200 73 72 72
S L & S F 24 pfd. 300 62 MVi tl%
fct Louts So*v«>6iTi.. OH) 1*J14 15»£ 16
Pt Louis Sowsn pfd 1.300 31% 31 33%
St Paul 13.800 145V4 144% ltJV'
St Paui pfd 170
Southern Paciflc... 13.700 46Vj 45S 10%
Southern Railway.. 6.400 22^± 21% 22ft
Southern Ry pfd .. 700 54 83 85
Texas & Pacific 2.800 27% 2«>4 20%
Tol. Et L & West.. 100 23% 23% 22'*,
T. Pt L & W pfd.. 200 30% ."»0i£ aO«/»
Unlrn Pacific 30,000 97% 05% 06%
X ninn Pacific pfd S3
Waba^h «K> 21"* 22 22
Wabaeh pfd 1.700 30!4 ia% 2.^4
Wheel* L Erie... :v*) JHV t ' 18 17
Wisconsin Central. G00 1»>4 J*>>4 is
Wisconsin Cen pfd.. 4,400 S9% S9% 33
Express Companies —
Alams 221
American 180
1,'ntted States 107
Wells-Fargo 2C0
Miscellaneous —
Amalgamated Cop.. 44.400 60 48 - 48
Am Car & Found.. 700 34% 34 " 34
Am Car tc. F pfd 83
Am Linseed Oil 10
Am Linseed Oil pfd 33
Am Locomotive ... 400 19 18% 18%
Am Loco pfd 200 85 85 S5
Am Smelt & Ref.. 2.400 46% 40 45%
Am Smelt & R pfd. 700 90% 00 00
Am Sugar Ref 4.500 118% 11«% llftK
Anaconda Mln Co.. 1,100 70 . 78 79'
Brooklyn R T 4.600 47% 45^ 45%
Colo Fuel tc. Iron.. 600 52 49 40%
Colum A H. Coal.. 100 15 15 15
Consolidated Gas... 1.200 ISO 170 179
G«neral Electric... l.SOO 165 1C3 164
Inter Paper • ( .... J2U
Inter Ps per pfd 300 C8T4 C8% fi8%
Inter Pump 35
Inter Pump pfd 74
National , Biscuit 37%
National Lead 15%
North American ... 3C0 77 76>,4 77
Pacific Mall 300 22 21% 21
People's Gas 400 95% 94% MK
Prewd Steel Car. 200 44$ 44 44
Pressed S Car pfd. 100 81% 81% 81
Pullman Pal Car 212
Republic Steel 400 12^ 12U 12%
RepubMc Stee! pfd. 4OO OC% G0& 60
Rubber Goods .... 600 15% 35 15 -
Rubber Goods pfd.. " 68
Tenn Coal & Iron.. l.fiOO 43% 42% 43%
U S Leather 000 8 V-A 7%
i; S Leather pfd... 600 62 81 # 82 U
TJ 8 Rubber 11
U S Jlubber pfd .... 37
USSteel 14,900 24% 23% 22%
U S Steel pfd 6.900 72H 70 72%
Western Union 300 84% 84 ( 63%
Total sales 349,200.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg.Htitt i & N unlf 4s.. us 74
Do coup lM'i Minn & Et L.4s.07%
Do 3s reg ....106% M K & Texas 4s. 97
Do coop 106H Do 2ds .75
NEW YORK STOCK LIST,
I EASTERN MARKETS.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The ¦ market Is
quiet ana unchanged though It Is reported that
futures are being offered a ehade under recent
quotations. Common. 4@."> 1 »,c: prime, 5%<ffWc
choice, «Vi@6Hc; fancy. 6%@7c.
PRUNES — Are steady to firm and un
changed with a fair Jobbing demand noted
on the various sizes. Quotations range from
3 to 7c for all grades.
APRICOTS— Firm at 8®8»4c for choice and
lO0'12c for fancy.
PEACHES — Quiet and steady; choice, 7>4e:
fancy, 8®10%c.
NEW YORK, Aug. 15. — FLOUR— Receipts,
15,000 barrels; exports. 7220 barrels; strong,
held higher on acme grades. Winter patents,
$3 90S4 30; winter straights, $3 65g3 90; Min
nesota patents, $3 70@4 95; winter extras,
$2 90®3 25; Minnesota bakers, $3 05@"3 00;
winter low grades. $2 70@3 05.
WHEAT — Receipts. 61,300 bushels; spot firm.
No. 2 red. 87 %c elevator and S9Hc f. o. b.
afloat; No. — Northern Duluth, 9"#tc f. o. b.
anoat; No. 1 hard Manitoba, 9U};e f. o. b.
afloat. On good outside support, higher cables,
strong Northwest markets and covering, wheat
developed a further sharp rise this morning,
prices attaining new levels. Near the close,
however, the market inclined to realizing and
was finally but %c net higher. May, 89%c to
89%c. closed SSfic: September, KHi*©vv%c.
closed SSfcc; December. 8SV4@SS»4c, clogpd
SS^c. • »
HOPS — Firm. State common to choice, 1902
crop. 20H«r24c: 1901, 14«17c; olds. 6g*c.
HIDES^ — Steady: Galveston. 20@'J5 pounds.
18c; California. 21 to 25 pounds, 19c; Texas
dry. 24 to 30 pounds. 14e.
WOOL — Steady. Domestic fleece, 2.8@32c.
PETROLEUM— Steady. Refined New York,
8.55c; Pennsylvania and Baltimore. 8.50c; do.
In bulk. 5.80c.
SUGAR — Raw strong. Fair refining. S^c;
centrifugal, 96 test. 3»ic; molasses sugar. 3c;
refined firm; No. 5. 4.70c; No. 7. 4.55c; No. 8.
4.50c; No. 9. 4.45c; No. 10. 4.40c; No. 11,
4.35c; No. 12, 4.30c; No. 13. 4.25c; No. 14,
4.20c; confectioners' A, 4.83c; mould A,
5.25c; cut loaf, 5.60c; crushed, 5.60c; pow
dered. 5.10c; granulated. 5.00c; cubes, 5.25c.
COFFEE — Futures closed barely steady, net
5&10 points lower. Sales were 33.500 bags.
Including: August. 3.80c; September, 4.t>0@
3.85c; October, 3.95c: November. 4.0<>54.10c:
December, 4.33® 1 4.45c: January. 4.43@4.6oc;
March. 4.60^4. 65c; May. 4.80«g4.85c; July,
4.85g4.95c; spot Rio quiet. No. 7 Invoice,
6%c; mild, quiet; Cordova. 7@llc.
New York Grain and Produce.
CORN— The first Western seen here for 6ome
time came In yesterday. 000 ctls being re
ceived. 3 lt Is quoted below:
Western, sacked, $1 5081 52^ for Yellow
and $1 47>4ffil 50 for mixed. California large
Yellow. $1 57',4'gl f>2\i: email round do, $1 70
@1 75; White. $1 55 per ctl.
RYE— $1 17%«1 25 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— J2 25®2 50 per ctl.
OATS — Closed the week quietly at unchanged
quotations. The principal demand at the mo
ment is for fine clean lots of red and black
for seed. White. $1 20@l 30; Black. $1 .10®
1 45; Red. $1 15@1 20 for common and $1 25'rf
1 30 for choice; Gray, nominal.
December
Open. High. Low. Clow.
$1 0S14 $1 OS14 $1 07£ $1 07ii
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
•Feed. $1 O«U©1 OSft: Shipping and Brew
ing. $1 12%@1 17H; Chevalier. *1 20®l 40 for
fair to choice.
CASH BARLEY,
Open. High. Low. Clow.
December ...$1 48% $1 4S?4 $1 48 $1 4S%
BARLEY — Most of the large receipts now
coming up from the Southern Coast go to
Port Costa, hence do not figure on the spot
market. The week closed on a firm market,
both futures and the cash grain being higher.
It was reported on 'Change that a lot of 15.
000 6ks of brewing was offered freely among
the shippers at $1 17% without finding a buyer.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
FUTURES.
California Club,. $1 45«1 50; California
White Australian. $1 55@1 60; Northern Club.
$1 45@1 60; Northern Blue Stem. $1 65@1 57%;
Oregon Valley. $1 62',;.
CASH WHEAT,
WHEAT— Liverpool futures were higher
again. Otherwise there was nothing new from
abroad.
Chicago advanced from S2%c to 84Uc, fall
ing back to 831JC. The market was bulled
by the cash situation, the demand being urgent
and the supply meager. The export demand
was increasing.
In this market there was no change beyond
a slight rise in futures. Business In the In
terior is lighter, as already mentioned, buy
ers and sellers being apart in . their views.
Wheat and Other Grains.
For Saturday there was an unusual assort
ment of local securities dealt In, and there
were a number of fluctuations. Alaska Pack
ers fell back again at $1373136 60. Paclflo
Gai Improvement sold at $51 50®51. Gas and
Electric at $65®64, and the certificates at
$63 SOS63.
Home OH continued unsettled, selling lower
at $1 9O@l 75. The Irregularity In this stock
of late Is explained In another column.
Sales on the California Exchange last week
were 45,070 shares, valued at $47,679, the lead-
Ing sales being as follows: Home. 17.600
shares: Occidental. 3250: Oil City. 3000; Reed.
2000; Independence, 14,530; Sovereign. 1700;
Associated Oil. 1O0O.
Ex-dlvldend yesterday: Pacific Auxiliary
Fire Alarm. 6c; Four OU Company, regular
monthly, lc per share, amounting to $3000;
Contra Costa Water Company, regular month
ly, 32c per share, amounting to $18,243 32; Port
Costa Water Company, regular monthly, 30c
per share, amounting to $1300; United Gas and
Electric Company, resrular monthly, 15c per
Fhare, amounting to $3342 90; Presidio Street
Railroad Company, regular monthly, 20c per
share, amounting to $2000; The Daly West
Mining Company of Utah, a regular monthly
dividend of 60 cents; the Empire State-Idaho
Mining and Development Company, a monthly
dividend of Vs of 1 per cent on the capital
rtock; the Quincy Copper Mining Company, a
eeml-annual dividend of $3 per share from the
earnings of the first six months of 1903. Six
months ago the dividend was $2 50 per share,
and a year ago lt was $3.
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Hollister — Orchardists are drying peaches
and Bartlett pears. Pears a heavy crop.
Willows — Crcp conditions unchanged.
Palermo — All crsps doing well.
Kir.g City — Heavy morning fog.
j Cloverdale — Fruit conditions the same.
Santa Rosa — Peach drying in progress.
Santa Maria — Beans showing Flgns of early
maturing; Fugar beets making Eplendld yield;
grain as before.
Cclusa — Pears being packed and shipped.
Prunes dcing nicely, cf large size.
Hanford — Fruit drying progressing In good
shape : evidence of large ralAn crop.
Stockton — Potato crop en island averaging
20<t sacks per acre.
Napa — Crop conditions remain good.
A. G. McADIE. Section Director.
NEW YORK. Aug. 15.— The statement of
averages of the Clearing-house banks of this
city for the week shows: Loans. $908,345,600;
decrease. $4,351,500. Deposits, $903,335,300;
decrease $S,9.>7,200. Circulation. $43,930,900;
Increase, $13,400. Legal tenders. $76,760,500;
decrease. J1.W6.80O. Sj»ecle. $170,650,900? de
crease, $1,211,000. Reserve. $247,397,400; de
crease $2,257,800. Reserve required. $225,853.
825: decrease, $2,234,300. Surplus. $21,563,575;
decrease $2u.5OO. ex-United States deposits,
$30,872,450; decrease. $38,150.
Associated Banks' Statement.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — $1 83H
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86V*
Stirling Exchance. cables — 4 87 H
New York Exchange, sight — « ft
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Silver, per ounce — 65^4
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 42
Exchange arid Bullion.
SEATTLE. Aug. 15.— Clearings, $533,510;
balances. $124,273.
TACOMA. Aug. 13.— Clearings. $270,062; bal-
PORTLAND. Aug. 15.— Clearings. $368,444;
balances. $40,969. _
SPOKANE, Aug. 15.— Clearings, $284,376;
balances. $33,908.
Northern Business.
Local Back Clearings during the week Jurt
endf-d were $30.C40.W<1. n«ainst $26,066,714
durirg the correfpcriiJing week o{ last year,
ehowir.g a gain of $4,274,277.
Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Fnnflay;
warmer; light southerly winds in the morning,
changing to brick nouthwe^terly.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
District Forecaster.
Ban k Clearings.
!n the Sacramento Valley: light northerly
wir.ds in the San Joaquin Valley; light west
txir winds on the coatt.
Southern California — Fair Sunday; warmer;
light westerly winds.
Nevada — Fair; warmer Sunday.
Light southerly winds are reported at Mo
<!er.a and high easterly winds at El Paso.
Light winds rrevail along the northern coast
cf Califcroia.
Forecast made at Pan Franeisoo for tljlrty
hours, ending midnight. Aurust 16:
Northern California — -Clouiy along the north
ern coast, with light showers Sunday morning:
warmer in the interior: light southerly winds
= H S 3 2 5
3 S5 53 si g* ?
STATIONS. J « £ || =3 |" *
j ? P : I f
Hak»>r 29. 7S M M SW Cloudy .00
Carson 2*J><) 7S CO W Clear .CO
Eureka 2».M IA 52 N Cloudy .14
Fresna 29. *2 l«0 M NW Clear .00
FiagstafT 29. N) M 50 N Pt.Cldy T.
Independence 2V.74 1<2 ("2 W Clear .00
Lo« Angelea ..25».*2 'H 6s W Clear .00
Mt.Tamalpais >'.vj 04 t<Q NW Clear .00
North H«r*d M
I'hoenlx 23.64 1O4 *} NW Clear .00
Pocatello 2M.74 'M £* 6 Pt.Cldy T.
Portland 2».W 70 M N Cloudy T.
Point Reyes ..».!<7 «J 49 W Clear .<>0
Red Bluff ...JS9.9* hi M EE Pt.Cldy .00
Roeeburg 25>.V»0 74 t« NW Rain T.
t-a<~raia«T.to ...2it.«s6 W C2 S Clear .00
fait Lake .... 1-9.74 !*> €6 FE Pt.Cldy .00
Frtncisw) ».Srt 64 60 W Clear. .00
P. U ObSepo. .29.70 78 52 W Clear .05
rtn Diego 2».fr4 72 «2 NW Clear .00
Seattle 2«.O4 tt4 54 W Cloudy .00
Spokane 29. S2 Ki 56 NW Cloudy .02
Tatooth 29.94 €2 £3 6W Cloudy .00
IValla Walla.. 29. M> M LS NW Pt.Cldy .00
¦Winnemucca .2V.7S M 4« W Clear .00
Tumt 2».'>4 1C4 74 W Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The rresEure hsfs fallen Elowly 'along the
c< uex. and risen slowly in the Interior. Some
«fcat warmer we&thcr Is likely to prevail Sun
clay throughout California. Rain has fallen
rrom Eureka northward and showers are like
iy to occur Sunday.
K ' K » 2 O <
STATIONS. 2 3 3 3 |- I &8 E."
Ckrrerdal* .... SS 47 .00 Clear
; Colut-a S3 54 .00 Clear
: Eureka 60 62 .14 Cloudy N Lt.
I Fresno 90*68 .00 Clear NW S
; Hanford 93 54 .00 Clear
I Holllster . ... 87 4S .00 Clear
I Independence .. 02 «2 .00 Clear W 16
.King City 89 45 .00 Clear N Lt.
I Livermore . ... i>4 40 .00 Clear
Los Angeles -78 62 .00 Clear W 12
Napa 82 45 .00 Clear SW ..
Newcastle . ... 94 50 .00 Clear
Palermo SO 82 .0» Clear S ...
Porterville . .. 91 5« .00 Clear N
Red Bluff 84 58 .00 Pt Cldy SE 6
I Riverside 91 51 .00 Clear
I Sacramento . ..82 62 .00 Clear S 10
I San Diego ... 72 <?2 .00 Clear NW 12
San Francisco. . t>4 60 .00 Clear. W 14
Fan Jose 79 4S .00 Clear N
S. L. Obispo. . 78 62 .00 Clear W Lt.
Santa Maria ..77 57 .00 Clear W Lt.
Santa Kosa . . . "'.* 41 .00 Clear
Stockton 61 60 .00 Clear
Willows hi 54 .00 Cloudy SE
Flour -' qr sk .. 3S.180iBroomcorn. bdls 70
Wheat ctls .... 2.8l0jHay. tons 1.4&4
Barley ctls ... 9.1S0 Straw, tons ... 5
Oats ctls 4,340 Wool, bales ... 19fl
Corn' ctls 1,990 Screenings sks. 400
Rye' ctls 1.13a Tallow, ctls ... 237
Beans, sks .... llSIPelts. No .... 255
Potatoes, sks... 1.850 j Hides, No. 80S
Feed sks ...... 45 ' Quicksilver, fiks 91
Onions, sks 300, Wine, gals /12.35O
Bran sks 2,792 Leather, rolls .. 33
Middlings, sks.. 360 Lime, bbls .... 517
Shorts, sks .... 2C0'
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks... 13.920'Beans. sks .... 4
Wheat ctls ... S.133 Bran, sks 1.250
Oats, ctls 4.665IFe*d. sks 340
Wool, bales .... ' 36
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls ' 600
FOR SATURDAY. AUGUST 15.
Receipts of Produce.
New, York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 15 — The cotton market
closed qufe>t and practically featureless, with
prices fluctuating within a point or two from
opening figures.
As usual on Saturday, the local demand, for
fruits was active and fresh arrivals of choice
stock met with ready sale, with occasional lots
of fancy selling at a slight advance over the '
quotations. Supplies of common Apples, 1
Peaches, Plums and No. 2 Bartlett Pears were
plentiful, and although trade was active, prices j
for such stock had 'no quotable change. There
was some little inquiry for fine Pears .and
Peaches in wrappers for shipment on the Port
land steamer, and fancy Grapes, too, were
wanted for that purpose. Receipts of Bartlett
Pears from the river were Heht, and as the
market was well cleaned up, prices of canning
stock had a narrower range. Green Gage and
Egg Plums In bulk were in light supply and |
found prompt sale at steady rates. The can
nera were in the market for choice Peaches,
but paid no attention to common offerings.
Apricots continued scarce and firm, and choice
Nectarines, which were also scarce, brought a
high price. Watermelons and Cantaloupes
were In free supply, and although the demand
was fair, prices continued easy. Nutmeg Mel
ons were higher under a good demand and light
receipts. Receipts of Grapes were less liberal
than" on the preceding day. but prices of small
packages had a general decline, the demand
for shipping .being light and the quality of the
offerings poo?v
Trade In Citrus Fruits was light, and with
the exception of Mexican Limes, prices were
largely nominal. Ripe Bananas were still very
scarce. Occasional lots of partly ripened stock
were being withdrawn from the cellars, but
prices were too Irregular to quote.
STRAWBERRIES — Longworths. nominal;
other varieties. $3@5 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $7«9 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES — $2 50^4 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 6@Sc rer lb.
APPLES — sficfeSl per box tor tancy, 50®75c
for good to choice and 25fi40c for common;
Crabapplee, 30@50c for small boxes and 50@75c
for large. /
PEARS — Bartletts, $1©1 25 for wrapped;
large open boxes. S5c@$l for No. 1 and 40®65c
for No. 2; to canners, $20@35 per ton.
FIGS— $1 23©1 CO per box for fancy black
and 60c@$l for common. .
PLUMS — 50@75c Der crate and 35@50c per
box; large open boxes, 40@75c; to canners, $20
4f25 per ton.
NECTARINES— $1 23 per crate for red.
APRICOTS— *1©1 25 tor large open boxes.
PEACHES — 254j50p for smnir boxes and 4t>&
65c for laree; to canners, $15<920 per ton for
freestone and *20®25 for clings: baskets from
the river. 254i'40c.
» MELONS — Cantaloupes, 75c6$l CO per crate;
Nutmeg Melons. 40@60c per box; Watermelons,
J.Vrflfi per hundred.
GRAPES — Seedless. P0'S<?5c per box and 73c
6$1 per crate; Muscat, 50@75c per box or crate;
Fontalnebleau, .'JOffDOe per box or crate; Tokay,
60@60c per box; Black. 50@76c per box or crate;
Sweetwater In large open boxes. 75c@$l 25.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges. $1 60@
2 50 per box; Seedlings. $1@1 23; Valenclas.
SI 5063; St. Michael, $2{?3; Mediterranean
Swe«tc. $1 25®1 50; Lemons. 50c@$2 60; Grape
Fruit, $1®1 25: Mexican Limes. $404 30; Ba
nanas, nominal; Pineapples. $1 60@2 CO per
dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Weather Report.
1 120th Meridian- Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Aug. 1j — 5 p. m.
XEW YORK, Aur. 15. — The metal markets
were fairly active, an average Saturday's busi
ness being done at about yesterday's prices.
Copper continued firm. Lake Is quoted at
$13 12%<513 25; electrolytic, $13 12%, and cast-
steady. Spot. $28 40@28 60.
Lead, steady. Spot. $4 20.
Spelter, firm at Friday a advance; $6.
Iron, nominally unchanged and quiet. ; .
New York Metal Market.
Daily Crop Bulletin.
Home OU 175 180
Imperial Oil 19 0O
Independence Oil IT M
Junction Oil 22
Kern Oil 5 23 3 5o
Lion Oil 04 05
Monte Crlsto Oil 82% i«i
Monarch Oil 53 36
Oil City Petroleum SO
Peerless Oil 13 5O 14 UV
Reed Crude Oil S3 41
San Joaquin Oil 5 73 ....
Sterling Oil .t 8 05
Thirty-Three Oil 8 0O
Twenty- Eight Oil 3 50
Union Oil 88 OO
United Petroleum US 0O
West Shore Oil 3 50
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land and Impt 1 25 1 5O
Alameda Sugar 20 0O
American Biscuit 95 0O 10O 00
American District Tel ....
Bay Counties Power
Cal Central Gas and Electric .... ....
Cal Cotton Mills 85 00
Cal Jockey Club 105 00
Cal Powder
Cal Shipping Co 25 0O
Cal Title Ins and Trust 130 Ort 14O 0O
Central Bank of Oakland 60 OO
Chutes Company 83O
City and County Bank
Cypress Lawn Impt Co C 50
Eastern Dynamite ....
Ewa Sugar Plantation i
Gas Consumers* Association .... 22 W>
Honolulu Sugar 2000
London and S F Bank <Ltd.) .... ....
' Mercantile Trust
Northern Cal Power 0 5O
Nevada National Bank
North Shore Railroad 5 00 S 00
Orpheum Company 15 00
Pacific States Tel and Tel 122 SO
Parafflne Paint 330O ....
Postal Device and Ipm ....
San Francisco Drydock .... 47 0O .... '
Sausalito Land and Ferry.. 10 OO
Sperry Flour Co .4' 27 50 30 OO
Standard Electric IS 0O
Truckee Electric 13 23 10 OO
Union Sugar 22 5O .... ,
United Gas and Electric... 34 50 . ....
Western Fish Co ....
S ALE3.
Morning Session.
Board —
2000 Reed Crude Oil 40
500 Sovereign Oil 37
10O Home Oil 1 f><>
400 Home Oil (s 90> 1 83
500 Home Oil (s 9O> 1 8O
100 Home Oil 1 SO
100 Home Oil ..„ 175
100 Toltec Oil > 2O
10 North Shore R R 5 0O
Mining Stocks.
PAS' FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Alpha 09 50O Overman .... 32
600 Belcher 32 10O Overman .... 31
50 Caledonia ...133 20O Savage 15
200 Chollar 18 10O Sliver Hill .. 7«
200 Con C & Va.l 30 200 Yellow Jacket 60
300 Gould & Cur. 33t
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. Aug. 13—13 m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 08 Ooijulla, 02 04
Alta 04 Ptf Justice 12 14
Andes 18 lSKentuek 02 03
Belcher 32 34JMexlean I 10 1 13
P,est & Belch. 1 83 1 90; Occidental ... 44 44
Bullion 03 05!Ophlr 160 170
Caledonia ...1 25 1 35'Overman .... 82 S3
Challenge Con 31 34 Potosl IS 17
Chollar 15 17'Savage 15 17
Confidence ...1 05 1 20'Scorpion 02 (V*
Con Cal & V.I 25 1 30!seg Belcher.. 11 12
Con Imperial. 03 04' Sierra Nev... 63 6*
Con NY 12 14 ! Silver Hill... 75 7S
Crown Po'nt. 16 l«!St Louis .... — 1H
Eureka Con.. — 43| Syndicate ... — Ort
Exchequer ... OS 05 j Union Con .. T5 75
Gould & Car. 32 3.1, Utah 24 23
Hale & Ncr.. 44 47 Yellow Jack.. 60 »*
Lady Wash... — 06 l ;•;' .."¦;
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Paclflo
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
100O Chollar 15f 10O Ophip ......1 «2%
20O Con C & V.I 27% 100 Savage 16
20 Con C & Va.l 25 20O Sierra Ner .. «::
100O Exchequer ... Kit MO Yellow Jacket M
300 Mexican 1 10 600 Yellow Jacket 60
200 Mexican ...1 12% I
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Saa Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mlnlns Exchange yester
day:
Morning Session.
200 Esperanza ... 03. 200 Mont-Ton 1 10
700 Esperanza ... 04 100 Rescue 12
600 Esreranza ... «« 300 Ton & Cal... Zt
800 Gipsy Queen.. 27 100 Ton & Cal... S6
100 Mont Ton. s l o n% H
Bid. Ask.J Bid. Ask.
Colehan — 22,Paymaster ... — 25
Eeperanza ... 03 04 Pine Grove... 50 —
Gipsy Queen.. 26 27 Rescue 10 11
Gold Mtn .... 03 15 Ton Belmont.l 73 —
Hannapah ... 24 23Ton&Cal... — 33
MacNamara .. — 22 Ton A G W.. — 19
MIspah Ex... — Su I Midway 4.1 90
Mont Ton -.1 07% 1 10 Union ........ 5O —
Nevada Ton.. — S 00 United ...... IS IS
North Star... 43 60; Utopia ...... — 3U
N Y Ton ... 0* — ]
CHEESE— New, 12@12%c for ordinary and
13c for special marks: Young America, 14®15c;
Eastern, 15%@16c; Western, 14®16c per lb.
EGGS — Ranch. 27%@28c for large white se
lected and 23!@f27c for good to choice; store, 18
<&24c; cold storage, 25c; Eastern, 19&21c per
dozen.'
Butter is very steady at the recently Im
proved prices, and while some houses are car
rying more than they like and are consequently
weak, the majority ¦ are but moderately sup
plied and firm. The demand is growing more
active, presumably owing to the increasing
number of strangers in town. '
There is no further change In Eggs. They
are steady, with moderate supplies.
Cheese is being quoted at all sorts of prices.
Overloaded houses are pressing their goods on
the market at 12%c, and even under, . while
houses carrying light stocks are quoting above
them. The situation ia unsatisfactory.
Receipts were 31,700 lbs Butter, 672 cases
Eggs and 24,000 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery. 24j&26c; dairy, 23<J24c;
store Butter, 17@20e; Eastern. 22®24c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO. Aug. 15.— CATTLE— Receipts.
200; nominal. Good to prime steers. $5 200
5 40; poor to medium. $3 75@5: stockers and
feeders.- $2 50@4 20; cows. $1 50@4 50; heifers.
$2@4 78; canners. $1 50@2 40; bulls. $2@4 25;
calves, $3g6 75; Texas fed steers, $3@4'73;
Western steers, $3 25@4 65.
HOGS — Receipts to-day. 8000; Monday. 30.
000. Steady; 6c higher. Mixed and butchers,
$5 70- "good to choice heavy, $5 45@5 57%;
rough heavy, $5*f?3 35; light. $5 40©5 85; bulk
of sales. $5 30® 5 60.
SHEEP — Receipts, 2000. Sheep, steady;
lambs steady. Good to choice wethers, $3 25
@3 75'; fair to choice mixed. $2 50@3 25; West
ern sheep, $2 75@3 75; native lambs. $3 25@
6; Western lambs. $4 50®5 65.
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo.. Aug. 15. — CATTLS—Re
ceipts 100- market. 6@10c higher. Top steers,
$5 35;' good to choice Westerns. $3 65@4 35;
etockera and feeders. $3 50@4.
HOGS — Receipts. 3500; market. 5®10c higher.
Heavy, $5 30@5 42%; top. $5 S3; bulk, $5 35@
SHEEP— Receipts. 60; lambs, $5 40.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
Local bank clearings show a good gain over last year.
Wall street stocks close the ivcek easier and irregular.
Rather more fluctuation in local securities.
Xo change in Silver and Exchange.
Wheat buyers and sellers apart in their views. Market iirnu
Both cash and future Barley higher.
Seed Oats in active demand and firm. Rye steady.
Western Corn appearing in market again.
Choice Hay firm, but the medium grades weak.
All Feed stuffs firm at previous prices.
Xo further change in Beans and Seeds.
Butter steady zvith a gradually improving demand.
Chnse unsettled, with wide difference in quotations.
Eggs in moderate supply at unclianged prices.
Chicago still reporting unsatisfactory conditions in Provisions.
Hops very firm at the recent advance.
Hides ztrak. Wool in active demand and firm.
L'ccal packers reduce their bids for Hogs.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables in ample supply.
Poultry closes easy with liberal supplies. Game dull.
Good local and shipping demand for Fresh Fruits.
Grotritig demand for nezu Dried Peaches.
Poultry closed the week easy with the mar
ket liberally supplied. Another car of Western
was marketed, making the fourth for the week,
and a portion of the car that came In on
Thursday was still on hand. The receipts of
domestic were about 50 coops, eomething un
usual for Saturday, and although the demand
for good stock waa fair, there was a consid
erable eurplus unsold at the close.
Game arrived freely and Hare were quoted
lower. Doves .were generally In poor condition
and dragged at the previously quoted rate.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, nominal; ' Geese,
per pair, $1 23#1 50; Goslings, $1 3001 73;,
Ducks. $3@4 per dozen for old and $3 50@4 50
for young; Hens, $4S5; young Roosters, $3®
0 50; old Roosters. $4@3; Fryers, J3 5W;,
Broilers, $303 60 for large and $2 25@2 50
for Email; Pigeons. $1 50 per dozen for old
and $1 !>0<i?l 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Rabbits. $1 2501 75 per dozen: Hare,
$1 2501 50; Wild Doves. 73c per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
Do new 4s reg. 134 N Y Cen en 3>,4s. 95%
Do coup 134 NT J Cen yen 5s.l26V4
Do old 4 a reg. .100 Northern Pac 4s. 100**
Do coup 109 Do 8s 70%
Do 5 S reg 101% Norf &. W con 4a. 98
Do coup ..101% Reading gen 4s.. 05 Ji
Atchlson gen 4s. IW&iSt L&I M con 6s.lll\
Do adjust 4s.. 8S |Bt L & S F 4s... W%
Bait & Ohio 4s..l00% l 6t L. S W lsta.. 94m.
I>O 3%s 97 Do 2ds 70&
Do conv 4 a ... 97 San A St A P 4s.*85
Can South 2ds...l00 Southern Pac 4s. 86
Tentral of Ga 5s. 104*4 Southern Ry 6s.. 112%
Do 1st inc 74 Texas St Pac lsts.114%
Hies & Ohio 4%s.l02% Tol Et L & W 4s. 81%
:hi & Alton 3%s. 73% Union Pacific 4s. 99%
2 B & Q new 4s. S'JVi Do conv 4s ... 94
t M&StP »ea 4s.lO6% Wabash lsts 114'i
V * N W con 78.129 Do 2ds 104
? R I & P 4a 100 Do deb B 61
tCC&StL gen 4s. 96 West Shore 4s... 107%
thl Term 4s 72% W & L Erin 4s. 83%
Tolo & South 4s. 85 IWlscon Cen 4s... 88U
Denver & R G 4s. »» ICon Tobacco ... 47*
trie prior Hen 4s. 96%|C F & I 78
Do een 4s .... 82 Pennsylvania .... 05%
ft W & D C lsts.101 Rock Island 74Vi
locking Val 4%s.lO6 Manhattan 101U
Mexican Cen 4b.. 72% U B» Steel 79%
Do 1st ino 16%
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 10 Little Chief 06
Alice 17 Ontario 6 03
Breece ... 15 Ophir 145
Brunswick Con.. 06 Phoenix 08
Comstock Tun .. 07% Potosl 14
Con Cal & Va.l 40 Savage 22
Horn Silver 1 00 Sierra Nevada... 76
Iron Silver 1 75 Small Hopes .... 20
Leadviile Con . . . 02 Standard 175
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— j Mining-
Call loans ..4@6%! Adventure 6%
Time loans ... .5©5% jAUouer 6%
Bonds — Amalgamated 4G
Atchlson 4s 97 galy-West 39*4
.., „ Blngham 24
. R*lIroa(Js— Calumet & Hecla.440
At^L lson^ e^pwrtennua n%
Do prefd 88%I C opper Range ... 50%
Boston & Albany.. 245 lLtomlnlon Coal .. 85%
Boston & Maine.. 1C9 iFranklln . . 8&
N Y N H & II.. 195 ii s ™ RoyalV . .... 7%
Fitchburg pfd ..114 iMohawk .....I! 40
Union Pacific ... 7*5 % old Dominion ... 11
Mexican Central.. 14% Osceola 58%
Miscellaneous — {Parrot 21
Amer Sugar 110 iQuincy 05
Do prefd 118 ISanta Fe Copper, lli
Amer T & T ..134 (Tamarack 93
Dom Iron & S... 94 Trlmountain 81%
Gen Electric 104 Trinity ti
Mass Elec 24 United States ... 19 ¦&
Do prefd 81 Utah 20%
United Fruit 96 Victoria 3%
U S Steel 23»i Wlnona S%
Do prefd 72 V4 Wolverine 6S
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Consols money.... 90% N Y Central 12S%
Do acct 90%;Norfolk & W. ... ti5Vi
Anaconda 4 ( Do prefd 89
Atchieon Cl^iiOntario & W 24
Do prefd ...... 02 : Pennsylvania .... 65
Balto & Ohio 85 !Rand Mines 10
Canadian Pac . ..129% Reading 2SU
Ches & Ohio ... 33%: Do 1st prefd .. 42
Chicago G W ... 17% ! Do 2d prefd .. 30
Chi M & St P...14S Southern Ry 22%
DeBeers 19%; Do prefd 86
Denver & R G... 25 .Southern Pacific . 47%
Do prefd 80 ;Unton Pacific 77%
Erie 2U%: Do prefd 89
Do 1st rrefd.. «S% U S Steel 24%
Do 2d prefd .. 52 Do prefd 74%
Illinois Central ..137 Wabash 22%
Louis & Nash 109% Do prefd 36
Mo Kan & Tex... 20
Bar silver, steady. 25 *Jd per ounce. Money,
2S2V4 per cent. The rate of discount in the
open market for short bills Is 2% per cent, and
for three months' bills 234 Per cent.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Welling
ton; $8; Seattle. $8 60; Bryant. $6 50; Beaver
Hill. S3 30; Stanford. $7; Roslyn. $7; Coos Bar.
$5 50; Greta. $7; Wallsend. $7; Richmond. $7 50;
Cumberland. (13 In bulk and $14 25 in sacks;
Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
fll SO; Cannel. $8 50 per ton; Coke, $11 50<gl3
per ton in bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions,' $S 45 per 2000 lbs and $3 50
per ton, according to brand.
OIL — Linseed. 44c for boiled and 42c for raw
In barrels; cases, 8c more; Castor Oil. In case*
No. 1. 70c; Bakers' AA. $1 10-81 12: Lucol, 41o
for boUed and 39c for raw In barrels; Lard Oil,
extra winter strained, barrels, 90c; cases, 95c;
China Nut, 57%@62c per gallon; pure.Neats
foot. In barrels, 73c; cases. 80c; Sperm, pure,
70c; Wbale Oil. natural white. 50©33c per gal
lon: Fish OH.' In barrels, -45c; cases, 60c; Co
coanut Oil. in barrels. 68c for Ceyion and 63o
for Australian.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal OU In bulk.
14c; Pearl OI! In cases. 20%c; Astral. 20%c:
Star. 20%e: Extra Star. 24Vjc; Elaine, 2t5V»c:
Eocene. 23%c; deodorised Stove Gasoline. In
bulk. 17c: In cases, 23 %c; Benzine, in bulk.
13c; in cases, 19%c; 8o-degree Gasoline, la
bulk. 21c: in cases. 27%«.
TURPENTINE — 76c per gallon In cases and
70c in drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. «*>
6%c per lb; White Lead. ti©<$%c. according to
quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Reflnlng Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb In 100-lb bags:
Cubes A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.73c:
Powdered, O.COc; Candy Granulated, 5.60c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 6.50c: Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.50c; Fruit Granulated, 5.50c: Beet Granulat
ed (100-lb bags only). 5.40c: Confectioners' A.
5.50c; Magnolia A. 0.10c: Extra C. 5c: Golden
C, 4.90c: "D." 4.80c: barrels, 10c more; hal!
barrels, 20c more; boxes, 50c more: 50-lb bags.
10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half-barrels.
6c; boxes, 0.25c per lb. No orders taken for
less than 73 barrels or Its equivalent.
BAGS— Grain Bags.' &©5%c; San Quentln.
6.5fic; Wool Bags. 32$35c: Fleece Twine, 7*4©
8c: Cotton Fruit Bags, 6%c, oftc and 7Ko for
tha three (trades.
General Merchandise.
* The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, leu SO
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers. 8®9c; Cowa and Heifers,
7©8c; thin Cows. 4 Q 5c per lb.
CALVES— 4S>5%c per lb (gross weight).
8HEEP— Wethers, 4c; Ewes, 3%©3%c per lb
(gross weight).
LAMBS— Spring. $2 75@3 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs. 6®6iic:
under 140 lbs. 5%Q5%c; Sows. 20 per cent off;
Boars. 50 per cent off, and Slags. *O per cent
off from above quotations.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows
BEEF— <5tf7*ic for Steer* and 5<36^a per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large, 798c; small, 8«9%o per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 83«c; Ewes, 8©8%c per
pound.
LAMB— 8prlngr. 9«©10c per 1b.
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 8%ig9Vic per ft.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
for Hoes to 6c flat.. The weakness U duo to
the Increasing supply of Hogs and .lower quo
tations In the- West. Th« other Meats .remain
unchanged:
- ONIONS— "OOSOc per ctl.
f VEGETABLES— Green Corn. 75e©$l 60 per
sack; crates from Alameda, $1 25®1 75; from
Berkeley. $1S1 25; Green Peas. 3©3%c per lb;
String Beans. 2e?3c per lb; Wax, 2%©3%c;
Lima Beans. 2&3c per lb; Tomatoes. $1 2o©
1 SO ' for river and $1 75 for bay; Summer
8quajsh. 25(ff35c per box; Cabbage. 75c@$l per
ctl; Carrots, 75c&$l per sack; Cucumbers. 400
50c per box; Pickle Cucumbers, $1 50@l 75 fo-
No. 1 and 63c©$l for others; Garlic. 2©
3o per lb: Green Peppers, 25@40c per box or
sack for Chile and 33<&50c for Bell: Green Okra,
40®00c per box; Egg Plant. 40®50c per box;
Marrowfat Squash. $20 per ton.
per ctl ;. Early Rcse, 75@$1; Garnet Chiles. $10
1 15; Sweet PoUtoes, 3%@4c per lb.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 16, 1903.
. Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
September ....... 7 72% 7 75 7 70 7 70
October ........ 7 77% -7 80 7 75 ,7 80
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
firm; winter patents, $3 7503 DO; straight*.
$3 0003 70: spring patents, $4 20@4 60;
straiKhts, $3 80S* 10; bakers. $2 6O@3 40; No.
2 eprlng -wheat. S3®S4c: No. 3 > No. Z
red, 82%®S3%c; No. 2 corn. 52%c; No. 2 yel
low, 63%c; No. 2 oats, 35%®30c; No. 2 white,
8Cc; No.'3 white, 35©36%c; No. 2 rye, 52$4c;
fair to choice malting barley, 46@53c; No. 1
flaxseed, $1; No. 1 Northwestern. $l 03; prime
timothy seed, $3 40; mess pork, per bW,
$12 87H&13; lard. P er 10 ° >*»¦ *7 75®7 80:
short ribs etdes (loose), $7 37%@7 62% ; dry
salted shoulders (boxed), $7 5037 62%; short
clear sides (boxed). 58 12%@8 25; whisky, ba
sis of high wines, $1 29; clover, contract
grade. $12@12 SO. ¦•- .
Articles-^ Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 15,000 7.900
Wheat, bushela 91.900 76,700
Corn, bushel* ..179,000 278,500
Oats, bushels..... 333,500 131,400
Rye. bushels 4.800 ......
Barley, bushels 13.200 2.400
On the Prodnce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creams. 14@19c; dairies.
13@17c. Eggs, firm; at mark, cases Included,
14@15ljc. Cheese, steady, 10@ll%c.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
39
AUCTION/SALES
fe> fe . : fe
Auction Sale 120 Horses
August 17, at 11 a. m., at
J. B. KORAN'S STOCKYARD.
Cor. 10th and Bryant Sts.
By order of G. H. MEIS3 of Montague. Cal.
I will sell at public auction 120 broken and
unbroken horses: also a carload of fine year*
ling and two-year-old colts.
3. WATKIN3. Auctioneer.
fcft fe £*
/BIG AUCTION SALE OF
1000 HORSES
The first consignment of this lot will be sold oa
THURSDAY, Aug. 20. at 11 a. m..
At SUNSET SALES YARI>S. 180 VALENCIA
Hf.. near Thirteenth. *
If you want good sound young horses or
mares at your own prices don't fall to attend
this sale, as they must and "will be sold to the
highest bidder.
S. WATKINS. Auctioneer. 122 Grove »t
FOR SALE.
By Assignee for Benefit of Creditors. — Stock
and flxures as a whole of Ely Stern Co., at
137 Stock ten st. — Stock consists of; bisques,
decorated china, stationery", notions. Japanese
goods, etc., and can be inspected on premises.
Sealed bids will bo received by undersigned at
767 Market street.* until coon. Wednesday.
August 19, 1903. Certified check for 10 per
cent to accompany bids. Terms cash. To b«
I removed at Durchaser's expense. Right Re-
served to reject any and all bids, but only
highest bid will be accepted. REUBEN CO-
HEN. Assignee of Ely Stern Co.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY; AUGUST 16, 1903.
40
REAIi KSTATE— CITY— FOB 8 AIJ.
DAVIDSON & LEIGH 219 Montgomery st
- ' . ¦ FIATS.
$40,000 — 6 elegant flats, 9 rooms and bath
each; nothing finer In the city; lot 56
. xl27: pay* 8 per cent net; north side
Washington st. between Polk and Lar.
' kin.
$18.000 — 3 modern flats, 7 rooms, bath each:
lot 26:4x137:6; Sutter st. near F1H-
-~"~ more. $
$16,600— Fell st. near Central ave.; 3 elegant
flats'. 7-7-8 rooms, bath; rents $1560 per
annum; lot 25x137:6.
$9,600 — Webster st. near Halght; 3 modern
flats. 6-B-7 rooms, bath; rents $900 per
year. ;"\*-T
$9,600 — Rents $950 per year; 2 elegant new
flats, 8-9 rooms, bath, basement; key
lot; «»very room sunny and light; ma-
rine view, lot 25x137:6; Walnut st.
. i near Clay.
$3,600 — $2500 cash, balance at 8 per cent; 2
beautiful new flats. 5 rooms, bath:
rent $550 per ' year; First ave., near
Clement st.
$5,000— Rents $540 per year; 2 excellent flats,
6-6 rooms, bath; lot 25x114; Twenty-
second st, near Valencia.
$4,100— Rents $46 per month: 4 flats. S-S-4-4
rooms, bath: lot 25x80; Langton st.
near Howard.
$2,800— Rents $30; 2 flats, 4 rooms, bath
each; lot 27:6x137:6; Greenwich st.
near Larkin; a bargain; lot on grade;
;¦ - street -work done; marine view.
RESIDENCE.
f 9 250 Beautiful corner residence. 11 rooms.
bath finished basement: stable; lot 23
xllO; near Jackson and Devisadero sts. ;
a bargain,
$4.100— Modern 2-etory residence « rooms
and bath; Just completed; lot 25x120;
Tenth ave,. 200 feet south oX the Park;
easy terms. .
INVESTMENTS.
$18.000— Rents $1820 per years a fine> P*r»«
business corner; on Page *t.. near the
' Park; store and flats: $9000 mortgage
can remain at 6 per cent; will pay 15
per cent net on balance of purchase
price.
$42,500— Worth $50,000 : Turk »t^ close to
Market; lot 25x137:6; new 3-story build-
ing; finished- basement; 88 rooms; a
genuine snap.
$11,600— Mission-st. business lot. 60x122:6;
Ml salon St., near Twenty-first; all
graded for building; a genuine snapt
adjoining lot. vacant, same size, sold
for $15,000.
$110.000— Mason-st. corner; partly Improved;
137:6x137:6; can be improved to pay
10 per cent net; positively must be sold.
Investments, residence* and lot* In all parts
of the city, easy terms. Call for lists.
DAVIDSON & LEIGH. 219 Montgomery st.
" Opposite Mills Building.
MOVED FROM MILLS BUILDING TO MORE
COMMODIOUS QUARTERS IN
HAYWARD BUILDING.
"A PURCHASER OF PROPERTY OR
TRUST CO. has the advantage of an examina-
tion made by skilled experts backed _ by the
guarantee of the company and coupled with a
great saving of time and expense.
THERE IS BUT ONE WAY TO ATTAIN
PERFECT- security in purchasing or taking a
mortgage on real estate and that 1* to nave
the title Insured.
A TITLE INSURANCE POLICY Issued by
us enables the sale to be completed without
loss of time. There is only one premium to pay,
and that is at the Btart. and it la so reasonable
that no one will object to It
THE ONLY SAN FRANCISCO TITLE IN-
SURANCE COMPANY havlpg «"coinplete lo-
cality plant or copy of the "real estate records,
constructed especially for Insuring real estate
titles like modern plants of New York, Boston,
Chicago and Eastern cities: reasonable rates;
regular trust company business transacted un-
' der State charter: all matters controlled and
manaSe DiRECTORS AND TRUSTEES: .
WILLIAM ALVORD.
! President Bank of California.
CHARLES R. BISHOP.
Vice Pre*. Bank of California.
ROBERT BRUCE. ¦ ¦
¦ Of Balfour, Guthrle & Co.
HENRY L. DAVIS. •
President California Optical Co.
P. N. LILIENTHAL.
Manager Anglo-California Bank.
WARREN OLNEY.
OIney & Olney. Att'ys and Counselor*.
CHARLES PAGE,
Page, McCutchen & Knight. Atfy*.
A. T. BPOTTS.
Msrr. Cal. Title Ins. and Trust Co.
JOHN R. SPRING.
Capitalist. 630 California at
MADISON & BURKE.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
ESTABLISHED JANUARY, 1858.
B0 Montgomery st.... Opposite Lick House.
FlllmoreT St.. corner of Geary; 185 feet on
Geary and 137:6 feet on Fillmore; th«
largest and finest corner on the market
on any business street; $40,000; call for
particulars.
Jackson st. 60-vara lot. corner of Lyon: an ele-
gant sightly building location; com-
mands grand, unobstructed view and
best neighborhood In city; only $30,000.
eg 000 To close an estate; Dolores st, near
Sixteenth; 3 houses; rents $60; large
lot: must sell Immediately; call for par-
ticulars.
$G,000 — Folsom st. near First: 23x73; this
location is advancing rapidly.
«9 ooo — Hayes-st Investment, near Buchanan;
2 buildings; rents $68 60 per month; 27:6
xl20 to rear street.
LOTS-
$4,200— Stelner *t, near O'Farrell: 23x109:9.
$2,600— Lots on Larkin. near Broadway; $100
per foot
Choice residence lots on Butter, Post and
Bteiner sts. in sizes to suit. ' ;„ v '
Building lots, northeast corner Golden Gate
ave and Baker st. in size* to salt.
Prices from $2000 upward. .
MADISON A BURKE.
SO Montgomery St.. opp. Lick House.
2 NEW flats. 6 and 9 rooms; a good buy.
Beaver st.. between Noe and-Castro.
INVESTMENTS — $1400 up, paying 10 to 15 per
cent THORNE & CO.. 207 Montgomery st
HOU8ES from $2000 to $40,000: also other prop-
erty of all kinds. MOSSMAN. 85O Market.
SAN MATEO REAL ESTATE.
SUBURBAN HOMES
U AT SAN MATEO PARK.
SAN MATEO.
Beautiful home lots, averaging about 1 acre
each. In San Mateo Park, the finest suburban
residence property near San Francisco: this
property, the famous Clark Tract, held for over
42 years by the same owners, recently subdi-
vided into cottage, bungalow and villa home
sites, with wide and winding avenues; bor-
dered with thousands of costly shade tree*
and comprising the most desirable of all the
eligible home sites in beautiful San Mateo.
Suburban electric trains now running evenr
20 minutes from San Francisco for San Mateo.
These villa lots will be sold on terms of one-
third cash, balance In one and two years.
For maps, catalogues and full particulars
apply, to or address BALDWIN & IIOWELL.
Real Estate Agents. 25 Post st. S. F., or
FRANK S. GRUMMON. San Mateo.
San Mateo office open Sundays.
SAN MATEO. |
BURLING AME.
Best suburban home near San Francisco*
no ferry; electric railroad now running; lots
and residences for sale. We can sell good lots
as low as $500 each. We will be glad to show
them. We also have some acreage land near
by as low, as $100 to $200 per acre.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 Montgomery st. San Francisco. Resident
Agent. 8.O. GOODHUE. Western Union Tel-
egraph building. San Mateo.
ROSS yAJLLEVREAL ESTATE.
$5000— MODERN home; 8 rooms and bath*
. over half acre of grounds; shade trees- 30
fruit trees In bearing: large stable and out-
houses; located in that particular spot la
Ross Valley that Is free from asthma; 6 min-
utes', walk from, San Anselmo station. la-
qnlre R. R. agent at San Anselmo. -
? REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
AN elegant home* In St. Helena. 14 acre of?
ground, stone cellar, conservatory, barn fruit
trees and flowers; in exchange for Berkeley
Oakland or San - Francisco property P r>
box 103. Berkeley. : • *"-; \'\'
CALIFORNIA ranches to exchange for East-
R^ fl o e8^t t0 E. W B^:
REAL ESTATE WASTED.
WANTED— To lease (furnished) a good paying
stock and grain raneh fer a 1 term. of years
with the privilege of buying. Box 1038 Call!
REAIi ESTATE — Cenntry— For Sale.
CHATFTELD A VINZENT. £
Z2S MONTGOMERY STREET.
Good country lands to-day offer the best in-
vestment in California. We have for sale flne
stock ranche*. dairy farms, alfalfa, vegrtabla
and hop lands, fruit, grain and general farms
and smalt country ; home?. Advise us of the
class of property you desire and we will for- ,
ward complete list with all information.
$150,000— Over 20,000 acres choice stock, uraln
and alfalfa land; all fenced; fine buildings:
plenty water and only 7 miles from county
seat; both river and rail transportation.
$20,630—1570 acres of land frontlns l!i ml!e*
on Sacramento River ana adjoinins the
Stanford vineyards, where lands cannot be
purchased for $13O per acre; fine house,
barns, etc.; 5OO acres rich bottom alfalfa,
lands. ;)si ';¦' .. ¦"" ¦!'.- ¦ --'. . .¦
5000 acres No. 1 alfalfa, vegetable, hay. stock
or grain land: Yolo County, near Rio Vista
and Sacramento River transportation; price
$10 per acre; easy term*.
100 acres all level choice ' vegetable, alfalfa or
grain land; gpod 8-room house; 2 larg*
barns; plenty water; family orchard; 24
miles from Napa. Just tte place for hog
ranch. .< .-"¦.".
50 acres well Improved near Oakland for sale
or exchange. ,* t-,; P ••<¦•'¦ '-: ' :
Choice 10-acre fruit farm near Lawrence sta-
tion. Santa Clara County: 6-room house, good
barn, windmill and tank; everything com-
pleto; will exchange.
Few more choice lot* and acreage near No-
vata. Marin County, at $15 per acre; easy
terms. •'- £•
One of the most choice vineyard* Inthe State
containing 120 acres; flne winery, fully
equipped; over 300 ton* grape* now estimat-
ed; great bargain. Call for particulars.
$17,600—1069 acre*. San Mateo County. 8
mile* from Redwood city. 4 mile* from Pan
Mateo; land *loplng border* on larg» lake,
also ha* flne body water on land; will *ell in
100-acre tract* or a* a whole.
223 MONTGOMERY 8TKJ!Ji!?T.
FOR farm*, timber and grazing lands, orchard*
and vineyards and stock ranche*. call on or
address Rothermel it Co., 607 California
$20.000— Grand stock ranch of 4000 acre*,
fenced and Improved, with nice- 7-room nous*.
2 barns, orchard, etc.; about 200 acre* m
pieces grain and hay land, rest la fine hiu
pasture, with abundance of wood and run-
ning water; Includes 150 cattle and about 10O
hogs; terms to suit; on fork oX Eel River,
near WUllt*. •¦ . ,„ ,_
$1200— Ranch 160 acre* In the bills. *ix
miles from Uklah. with hou»e. barn an4
orchard, running water and enough wood to
pay for land. „, ,. w
$1500—172 acre* near Guerneyllle, wltA
common house, barn, orchard and vineyard;
cheap hill farm. „
$2000— Improved 20-acre farm near Napa.
4-room house, barn and orchard; Include*
horse, wagon, cow and poultry. ¦
$2200— Nice farm, 21 acres, nsar Mar-
tinez; new 6-room houss and barn, wita
stock and Implements.
$60 an acre^ — 740 acres vegetable land near
Antloch. San Joaquin. producing large crop*
potatoes, corn, beans, asparagus, etc.; rent*
lor $7 an acr« cash. _
$150,000— Grand ranch of 23.000 acre* to th»
Sacramento Valley, with house* and barns;
well adapted for division or colony purpose*:
low price; only $8 an acre.
Large stock ranch of 68.000 acres In Ariz-
ona, with abundance of running water and
feed, good house and barn: rare chance, only
$1 an acre; title perfect; will run 10.000 cat-
tle.
$3500— Sawmill with 200 acre* *ugar and
yellow pine, running and paying, tn El Do-
rado County.
Redwood timber lands In lots to suit. from.
$3 an acre- up; 160 acres to 10.000 or mor»
acres; 7000 acres sugar pine, with three saw-
mills; In Plumas County.
121000 acre* redwood timber lands on Gar-
cia River, with mill site at shipping point.
The best stock ranch in Mendoclno of 6800
acres, located near Ukiah, with creek and
many springs; fine winter and summer range;
buildings and fenced and has about $10,000
worth of tanbark and redwood: good winter*
and summer range; ranch will keep 300O
sheep or 600 cattle, besides hogs; only $5 an
acre; easy terms.
ROTHERMEL & CO.. 607 California street.
FARMS t FARMS I FARMS!
STOCK RANCHES! STOCK HANCHES!
60.000 acre*: Northern California: fenced; well
watered; fine timber and winter range.
• f3 23
19,600 acres; fenced; buildings, windmills,
tanks and tank houses; price $230,000.
8120 acres; 200 choice: price $45,000.
480 acres; Improved; near Red Bluff; build-
ings; some- bottom (see photos); $4800; terms.
76 acres, 6 miles east of Redding: 40 bottom;
oak timber; county road; price $1000.
10-acre tracts; same district; $150.
40-acre tracts; same district; $400.
240 acres; heavy oak timber and water; $1259.
90 acres; with water ditch; $400. . \
20 acres; with water ditch; $250.
640 acres: oaks and water; $2600.
The above lands are in the gold district and
will pay to work a dredger (good soil).
— — — ¦ • ' ".. ;.->
820 acres;- Santa Crua County; an old farm
taken on mortgage; easy terms; only $1230.
820 aeres; near Portervllle; Improved; $2100.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT CO.,
¦* Fruit va>.
Phono Ash 687. Alameda County. CaL
FOR SALE.
Orchard and poultry farm: 49 acres; Sonoma
County; 40 miles from San Francisco*
2000 full-beorlnx fruit trees: this year's crop
approximately 207500 lbs cherries. 4000 lbs
Crawford peaches, 6000 lbs Bartlett pears. 6000
lbs plums. 4000 boxes apples. 3 acres asparagus.
1300 hens; 7 pens fancy Jowls, horses. Jersey
cows and heifers.
Large barn, fruit houses, chicken housed,
brooders. Incubators, wagons, harness, farming
and orchard outfit complete .and modern.
Dwelling house 11 rooms; flne shade groves. .
lawns and garden; abundant water
This year's net Income $4000; distant rest*
dence of owner compels sale.
L. E. THOMPSON. 453 Parrott Bldg.. 8. F.
FOR SALE— TOKAY GRAPE LAND.
This flaming Tokay (nape land can be> pur-
chased In 10-acre tracts. In Whitaker A Ray
Colony, Gait. Sacramento Co.. Cal.. $400 a
tract. Vt down; the Tokay grape ripens In thl*
locality 4 weeks earlier than In any other part
of the State. Grapes from this locality can b«
seen In the windows at 64S Market St.. 11 Mont-
gomery st and at the Sacramento County ex-
hibit, ferry building.
QUIGGLB, 11 Montgomery st.. care Wood-
ward tt Co.. hours 9 to 10 a. m. and 12 to 1 and
4 to 5 p. tn.. or address box 13. Gait. Sacra-
mento County, Cal.
ALFALFA LANDS.
Only 15 mile* from Fresno.
$5 per acre. In lots to suit.
23 cents per acre monthly installments.
Level as the floor.
Can all be Irrigated.
Win quadruple before paid for.
. Greatest bargain I ever offered.
Beats Savings Banks 50 to 1.
WESTERN LAND CO.. 640 Market st.
$2000— « -ACRES fine valley land; elegant
chicken ranch and finest roadside house lo-
cation In Sonoma County; at forks of mail
county road; 5-room cottage; house flne or-
der; barn: 2 chicken-houses; well, windmill;
2 acres orchard; 8 miles north of Santa Rosa.
Particulars. PETERS & BAINES. 11* Mont-
gomery st.
$1600— NAPA ranch at a bargain; 15 acres;
close to the town; part «et out tn fruit;
balance In chicken and farming purposes;
good house; barn, outbuildings, windmilt;
everything needed: ranch cheap, as owner
must sell. . /¦-"
McEWEN BRO3-. 118 Montgomery Bt.
FOR sale — 20 acres. 3 miles from town and
railroad station; 12 acres bearing vineyard.
6 acres bench-grafted resistant vines; house,
barn and well; Income last year $1400: %
good crop; 1 horse and all tools go; prlca
$4860. Box 111. Bebaatopol. Cal.
»
A HOME — $2 per acre cash, 5© cents per acre
per month, buys 20-acre homes In Buena
Vista Colony at total cost of $20 per acre.
P. H. JORDAN & CO., 118 Montgomery 3t.
$6000— 13 }J ACRES of land, most in fruit, full
- bearing: house of 10 rooms, barn, windmill
" and tank: this Is a fine' country home. Ap-
2 ply to ELROD St HULL, Fruitvale station.
or P. WILBER. Haywards. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchard?,
vineyards ; inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logue sent free. C M. WOOSTER CO.. «45
Market st. -- .
ALFALFA our specialty; best alfalfa land at
$20 per acre: ditch and artesian water. P. H.
JORDAN CO.. 116 Montgomery st
FINE hotel property; large grounds: Piano.
Tulare County. PATTERSON. 11 City Hall
square.
THE best stock, dairy, fruit and grain ranches
in State. MOSSMAN. 850 Market st.
$10,000 — 4O ACRES good healthy vineyard near
Llvermore. SILAP C. WRIGHT. LIvenTwr-.
POINT RICHMOND ItEAL ESTATE. *
$5 MONTHLY. "*
_ , POINT RICHMOND LOTS.
The Best Are In the Santa Fe Tract
*5 MONTHLY. *
Streets_graded. Sidewalks laid
McEWEN BROS.. 113 Montgomery t.
WATER front lot* and bargains; all tractT
mape. Photos, etc BELL. «t Parrott t^l
'REAL KSTATK— CITY— FOR , BAXiB.
SHAINWALD/ BUCKBEE * CO..
218-220 MONTGOMERY i ST.'
$11.500 — Howard Bt, near: Sixth; store -and.
flat above; lot 28x100; one of the cheap-
est pieces ever offered on thl* street
$9,000— Post st, this side Polk; Improvements,
2 residences; rents $44; lot runs through
* to rear street
$40,000 — Turk at. near Leavenworth st; BOx
137:6; grand Bite for the erection of
apartment-house, etc. ¦">¦
$44,000 — Jones at., near Golden Gate ave. ; 56
'ft. front; frame improvements; "income
$160 per month; mortgage of $30,000 can
remain; this property Is one block from
Market st. each way and Is a great
bargain.
$5,000— Leavenworth st, near Vallejo et; 60
ft front; fine site for marine view resi-
dence. ¦ .-.'"." .
. $8,250— Grove st, near Fillmore st: two-story
residence, 10 rooms and bath; now rent-
,. y ing for $50 per month; in flrst-clas*
condition. .
$5,250— Moss at, near Folsom; 2 flats, B-fl
rooms; rent $40; lot 24x80 ft; good In-
vestment
$4,600— Silver at., near Third st. ; 2 flat*, B-«
rooms; modern plumbing: $1600 has Just
been spent in renovating; rents, $40.
$8,250 — Kills st, near Laguna; two-etory bay-
window ¦ residence of 9 rooms and bath;
lot 25x120 ft. to rear street
$2,600— Union St., near Hyde st; 2-etory
building, containing store and flat; rent*
$25 per month.
$16,500— California st, near Laguna; flne resi-
dence of 9 rooms and bath; large lot,
34:4^x132 feet; house will readily rent
for $100 per month.
$18,000— Franklin st, near Pacific ave.; three
elegant marine view flats of 8 room*
and bath each; total rents $162 60; lot
..«~ 27:6x92:10% feet
$30,000— Market-st corner, 8 frontage*; grand
Bite for apartment-house or flats; lot
. 181x100 and 163 feet; only a few block*
from the City Hall.
$11,000— Clay et, near Buchanan; beautiful 12-
- roomed residence; all modern improve-
ments; lot 25x100 ft.; a bargain.
$27,600 — Polk st, near Bush; 8-story and base-
ment brick building; rents $114 60; rent*
can be raised: lot 80 ft front.
$60,000— Turk Bt. inside of Hyde; 100 ft front-
age) 11,260 aquare feet; grand lot to
improve. kjvj
$50,000 — Turk *t, near Jones;- present -rent
$120: lot 60x87:6 ft; should have new
building.
$23,000— Large Tenth-et corner, close to Mar-
ket; lot 75x110 ft: rents $167;. will pay
- 6 per cent net.
$13,000 — Modern 2-story and basement - house,
north side Jackson st; marine view;
hardwood floor*, natural wood finish, five
bedrooms, electric lighting; lot 80x
127:8% feet
$1,000— Ninth ave.. near California at; fine
building lot, 26x120 feet
$300 each— Fine building lots. Army at,
near Castro, 25x115 feet each.
$16,500 — NW. cor. Clay and Spruce Bts.; grand
marine view residence. . colonial etyle,
large square hall, living-room, reception-
room, dining-room, kitchen, servants
room; all rooms finished in hard wood:
6 bedrooms on second floor: large room
In attic: basement contains laundry,
storeroom, wlneroom, furnace, etc.; lot
37:6x100 feet: permit to Inspect pro-
curable at office. •
$22,500— Corner of Seventh and Natoma sts.;
frame improvements, renting for $00
per month.
Lake at— Various lots . from Thirteenth to
Twenty-third aves. at very low figures.
Full information at office.
$1,750 each— Broderick st, near Post; flne
building lotB, 25x125 ft each; ready to
build on; only 3 lots left
$S,100— Sutter st, near Devtaadero: substan-
tial residence; stable; large lot; 59:3ftx
114 ft; or will sell 34:3x114 ft. for $6500.
$15,000— Bush st. Inside of Hyde; a large, sub-
stantial residence of 16 rooms and bath;
now renting for $95 monthly: lot 27:6x
137:6 ft; mortgage of $8500 at 6 per
cent can remain; property -must be sold
within 00 days.
$20,000 — Broadway, near Gough St.; handsome
residence, 6 bedroom*, bath; beautiful
marine view; house in perfect order; lot
232:6x137:6 ft
Get a copy of our printed . list j of properties
for sale, j ¦¦
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO..
Real Estate Agents,
, . 218-220 - Montgomery st.
BOVEE, TOY & CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
;> 117 Montgomery Bt,
Opposite Occidental Hotel.
$24,000 — Key lot, close to Sutter and Hyde ets. ;
Blze 50x87:6 feet: old improvements,
bringing in $120 per month.
$40.000— Water lot on Beale St., close to Mis-
sion; Elze 45:10xl37:C feet.
$3,330 — Thirteenth St., near Fillmore and close
to park: three brand new flats of 6
rooms and bath each: lot 25x100 feet;
Income $83 per month; mortgage of
$4000 at 6 per cent, which can remain.
$4,000— Rents $34 per mo.; Natoma st, near
Eleventh; two good houses of 6 rooms
and bath each. I
$12,600 — Broadway residence, containing 14
rocms and bath; in eplendid condition
throughout; lot 43x120 feet; lot alone in
' worth the price asked.
$12,500 — Sacramento at., close' to Polk; two
t •¦¦ • elegant flats, containing 8 and 9 rooms
and bath; rents $85 per month; lot 27:6
xl37:0 f«et
$2,100 — Walter at., close to Duboce Park; an
elegant building lot, size 25x125 feet
$22,000 — Rents $147 60 per month; Hayes Val-
ley business property: store and six
flafe, all In *plendld condition; lot 25x
120 feet; 2 frontages. -
$13,500 — Post st, near Franklin; north sido;
2 modern flats, lower of 7 and upper of
12 rooms and bath; rents $100 per
month; lot over 30 ft. frontage.
|7 000— Sacramento st. north elde, near Fill-
more; choice pair of fiats, containing tt
and 7 looms and bath each; all In first-
class condition; modern plumbing; renta
S5o per month; lot 25x128 feet.
$5,500— Masonic ave.; 2 flats Just completed:
rents $45 per mo. ; everything strictly
up-to-date; an elegant 'view of the city;
lot 25x100 feet
$5,000— An elegant location for stores and
. flats; lot on the SW. corner of Halght
and Belvedere fits.; size 25x100 feet.
$7,000 — Clay at., north side,, close to Presidio
Reservation; modern residence of d
rooms and » bath: lot 29x127:8% feet .
$7,750 — Washington st, near Fillmore, north
bide; modern residence of 9 rooms and
bath; rents $60 per month.
$1,600— Cottage of 4 rooms on>Eldrldge at.,
close to Eighth and Bryant sts.; rent
$11 per month.
SPECK & CO.. / .* " ¦
> 607' Market st, opp. Kearny.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS AND RENT
COLLECTORS. ,
FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF PROPERTY.
$150,000— Modern C-story brick building; leased
$1145 per month; assuming mortgager
- - $75,000; Investment pays 11 -per -cent
net; lot 50x137:6 feet.
$100,000 — Corner, vicinity Montgomery and
Bush; 57:6x77:6 feet; present Improve-
ments rent for $515; a choice buy.
$70,000— New building; 1 tenant; 10 years* cash
security lease; pays 7% per cenUnet;
lot 35x137:6 feet. - - > .
$53.000 — Best Larkin street corner: 87:6 feet
frontage: flne building; stores and lodg-
ing-house; very safe Investment. -
$50,000 — Corner; 87x85 feet; new building; an-
nual rents $5172; pays over 10 per cent.
$50.000— Corner. 137s6xl37:6 feet; good im-
provements; mortgage $30,000 at 5^ per
cent; can remain; pays 8 per cent net.
$25,000 — Bush street, near Grant avenue; 45x126
feet: 2 frontages. •
$19,000 — Corner business property; modern im-
provements; rents $164.
$18,CKX) — Fronting Golden Gate Park; renta
$180; splendid flats; lot 60x137:6 feet.
$17,000— Sansome street corner; rent* $132.50;
stores and 1 floor above.
J16.50O— Po«t street flats; yearly rents $1770;
lot 25:6x120 feet; 2 frontages.
$7000 — Three good flats in Mission; rent $63
a month.
$6500 — Three flne flats, vicinity Eighteenth and
Castro; rents $5S a month; lot 25x125
$5250 — Fifth and Clementina; flne front and
rear. Improvements; leased 2 years at $600
a year.
$5000 — Four good flats \ In Mission; always
rented at $48 a month.
$2650 — New cottage .in Mission; 6 room* and
: bath: flne lot- I
$1400 — Corner lot near Golden Gate Park: 23x
100 feet. . .
$1000 — Lot 110x111; corner cottage; S room*; In
Mission. - . J '\
SPECK & CO.,
667 Market street
R. A. TUTTLE, 11 Montgomery st
$350,000 — New . brick," corner. . 10-year lease;
$1,7,500 year ; one tenant
$165,000 — -New brick, downtown; 10-year lease:
rent $14,000 year.
$150,000 — New brick, comer; leased 10 years:
$8600; swell.
$60,000— Market st.. 65-ft front; 2 frontages;
Improvements old; rents $1800.
$56.000 — Downtown; new; leased $300 month.
$50,000^ — New. corner: rent $362 50 month; 10-
year lease; reduced to $44,000; fine fu-
ture. - -
$41,000 — Investment: stores, etc.; rent $2840
year; flne future: 60x80'
$35,000— Rent $2625; 56x120; inside Van Ness
• ave.; 2 frontages; great future.
$30,000— New Investment ; rent $3180; 60 ft.
Montage; Sutter st
$25,000 — Swell residence; marine view; Broad-
•- ¦ : way. ¦ .- ¦ ¦ ..'¦ ,-¦;•: • L .• • ¦
$17,000 — Elegant ,11-room residence; marine
• ¦ view; Broadway. "
" $16,500 — Downtown corner; rent $1650 year;
¦ business..
$7,650 — 3 new flats; V panhandle; 0 and 7
rooms; rent $S40; must sell.
$10,000— 3 new flats; rent $1200; panhandle;
extra well built"; ¦ • : a.;^--
$16,600 — 3 1 swell 7-room flats; McAllister st. ;
near in; rent S150O.
$16,000— Stores and . flats; • Fillmore ' at ; rent
J120O; almost new. . • --
I $13,600— F111more-8t business property; renta
; $925 year. ,
FOR sale"— Bargain: new cozy, home; open for
inspection; owner on premises. 840 Clayton
st. ; south of Halght - ;
$2500— 2 LOTS; 60x125; 2 trontages; 17th st;
exc. for income city property. -Box 3367. Call.
•AK FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:20 p. tn.
SO0 Hayec street; open until 8:30 p. m.
G3Si McAllister etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
€15 Larkin street; open until 0:30 p. m.
1P-I1 Mission street; open until 10 p.. m.
C2C1 Market street, comer Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
l(m Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1C9<5 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky etreets; cpen until 9 p. m.
2200 Flllmore gtrcft: oi>en until » p. m.
REAL ESTATE— -Crr^-^OO^SAJjE.
M^^ r^j%6NTGOMERY STREET.
MARKET ST. *
• 53 feet on Market Bt.. with 2 frontages: old
buUdlnss; rent $152; a flne prospective invest-
ment.
CALIFORNIA ST.. NEAR LAGUNA.
Lot 27 - <5xl37:6; residence of 7 bedrooms, par-
lor, reception and dining rooms; all large; a
\jry attractive home; price $12,000.
FIXE NEW FLATS.
Near the tvark; 4 and 5 rooms; sunny; rent
$3S; price $1500.
FOR FLATS.
Lots en MrAlllsUr Bt. near /Scott; 27:6x
137:6; cnly $0250.
6UTRO HEIGHTS.
Beautifully eltuated, overlooking Golden Gate
Tark and the ocean: car line passes; water and
pas in etreet; lots from $350 to $550; they are
very cheap; easy terms if desired.
LARKIN-ET. CORNER.
Fine brtldim corner. 35 feet frontage; sure
to increase in \-alue; rents now for $122 month-
ly; a flne investment; price $20,000.
SOUTH OF MARKET ST. INVESTMENT.
Fine corner; elxe 65x80; rent $126 per month;
price, $20,000.
WARM BELT OF THE MISSION.
Cottape of 5 room* and bath; lot 25x122:6;
rrice $2750.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS.
Fine Jet. 32:6 feet tn front. 45 feet la back;
street bituminired; cnly $2250.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS.
£2:7x112:6, on bitumlnlzed street; only $2250;
key lot
McAllister, near fillmore.
North eide: 105x137:6. or will subdivide; flne
ijrvoftment property; price. $24,000.
GUERRERO ET.
Near Sixteenth: 7 rocms and .bath; solid "6ak
dining rooms, new plumbing: everything in
*plendid condition: extra large lot 30x140, with
L; owner anxious to ft 11; only $5000.
CHEAP LOTS.
Looking into Golden Gate Park, close to
Star.yan : street work will be paid for by owner;
only SlflOQ for 25x137:6; fine chance to secure
l»rk lot.
5=end for list cf cheap lot* .In all parts of the
city. McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery st
NELSON. JOHNSON & CO..
205 Montgomery St.. opp. Mills bldg.
SNAP.
1"LEGANT WESTERN ADDITION INVEST-
MENT.
$H,CO0— Rentg S1620: 42x137:6 feet, north side;
very choice location; two residences. 12
rooms each: electric lights, wood man-
tels, heaters, etc.
FORCED SALE— CHOICE SUTTER ST,
FLATS.
$10,500 — 27:6x100. north side; three modern
flats, 7-S-S rooms.. Make oiler.
. GRAND BUSINESS CORNER.
$14,500 — Large northeast corner. 27:6x120.
fronting on three streets: store, flat
and bouse; pays over 10 per cent;
choice Western Addition location.
MUST BE SOLD THIS WEEK.
$2,000— Rents $300. Through financial diffi-
culties this property is reduced from
$3T.QO to force sale. Flats In perfect
condition and never Idle.
THREE BARGAINS IN RESIDENCES.
$5,250— Pine et; choicest residence block;
modern, perlect condition; 8 rooms.
$5,000 — Steiner St.; attractive, bay- windowed.
8 rooms and bath; $2500 cash, balance
<5 per cent.
$5,500 — Elegant Duboce Park residence. 8
rooms, bath, servants' room, laundry,
wlneroom. etc. A revelation in up-to-
date appointments; 57 Noe st, few feet
Duboce Park; ewell new Eurrcundings.
NELSON, JOHNSON & CO..
200 Montgomery et.. opp. Mills bldg.
BARGAINS IN CITY PROPERTY.
$1000 only for 2 cottages of 4 rooms each;
lot £2:0x63; near Montgomery and Green sts.;
en Telerraph Hill; make offer.
$13.<*i<» — Three flats on lot 25x120; en Fulton
rt.. r.ear City H-all: rents SS2; good investment.
$2ti.O0O — Brick business block on Dupont St..
near California: nays over 7 per cent Interest.
$3000 — Two modern, well-built fiats, 6 rooms
and bath each: lot 27:6x134; near Castro and
10th ets.: building alone cost more.
$4."i00— Lot 30xC0; on Stockton St.. near Cali-
fornia.
$CV)0 — Modern two-etory house, 10 rooms; lot
2jx3oC": fine corner; Vallejo and Leavenworth.
* JC250 — Corner on Etanyan St., 25x100, with
gr>od 15-story 8-room and bath and stable. .
$1(XH) — Neat 4-room cottage; lot 50x100; Sun-
nyfiJe tract; make offer.
$W0 — Choice lot, 25x100, north side Pine st,
near Fillmore. !
?225(t — Corner. 31x100; Buchanan and Green-
tvich ets.; a. bargain.
. S^JV>— Nice C-room cottage; lot 25x114; good
neighborhood in Mission.
«1<!O t-ach — Level low at Insleside; 23x100.
*4O,<x>(i — Fine northwest corner on Ellis st; 6
houses and fiats; rents $310 per month; pood
investment.
$770(.i — Two fiats, 6 rooms and bath each;
large let. 34x130; Union, near Polk; rents $60.
$'J000 — Two ctork-s. 7 rooms and bath, with
rear hous=e; Sacramento *>t.
H2O0 — See this lot. 55x114, on 25th Bt. near
<?attro; ea*y terms.
ROTHERMEL & CO.. 507 California st.
WHEN YOU RENT A HOUSE
< Tou never know how soon you have to move.
Your landlord may b<? cranky — he may force
;ou to all sorts of restrictions, and often-
times force you to vacate on short notice.
Whei we sell you a home you pay ua no
more than you pay in rent; it's a modern,
¦neli-bullt home; built wherever you want to
live, and you are under no restrictions. You
are your own landlord. We build strong
houses and will plainly show them to you.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st
$5O A MONTH will buy 2 new fiats.
*45 a month will be the Income.
S-> a month is all that you have to pay to
own them. Is there anything easier; within
one block of 4 car lines, and they are built to
la*t. OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st.
2 LEVEL building lots, on 23d st, near Doug-
lae*.
1 lot on Potrero ave.. near 23d.
?> lots en 21st and Cartro sts.
5-room cottage, almost new, near Cortland
avenue.
.'i-room cottage, on 23d st. near Castro.
Richmond buildnig lots, streets graded and
sewered.
All on easy terms. \
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post Bt.
S20.O0 MONTHLY buys a brand-new 4-room
cottage -BJid level lot. 25x114; 1 block from
car*: finished fcawment. porcelain bath, ce-
ment trays. OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Post st
B. GETZ. ROOM 22. CHRONICLE BLDG.
• OWNER AND DEALER.
Ocean Heights and Ocean Boulevard Lota!!!
Unobstructed View of .Ocean. Your Choice
$100 to $250. Eplendid Bargains. $5 monthly.
18TH AVENUE, BOULEVARD LOTS!!!
See Them at Once. Graded. Level to Build on.
High Ground. Magnificent View.
Perfect Bargains. On Easy Installments.
EXCELSIOR HOMESTEAD LOTS!!'
WARM BELT OF THE MISSION.
Nothing to Equal Them in Quality or Price.
One Block from Misslon-et cars. Perfectly
level.
Corner Lot* for Business. Opposite NewfSchool.
$IU> UP; $5 MONTH. PERFECT BARGAINS.
$500 to $1200.
*¦ Choices of Sunset and Richmond Lots!!!
$800 to fSOOO. New Cottages and Houses In
Sunset. Richmond and Excelslon Homestead.
All My Own Property. Scli on Easy Terms.
N. E. COR. Nineteenth and Dolores, 126x120.
715 Taylor— 3 fla.U; lot 30x137:6.
Pine, near Taylor — 3 rew flats.
374 Valencia— Stcre and 2 flats; lot 2SxllO.
!»24 Guerrero — 8 rooms, bath; lot 32x117:6. .
f2.7QD — New C- room cottages; easy terms.
*<«0 Clayton et— Lot 25x1X0.
J2.SO0— New cottage; « rooms, bath; lot 36x125.
$10 000 — Fine business corner; store and 2 flats.
PATTERSON. 11 City Hall Square.
$1250— CHOICE lot within 1 block of Golden
Gate Park; near in; stone sidewalk; street
work done; $850 bank mortgage can remain.
*44r*tt BARGAIN, bcx 4673, Call office.
REAL EKTATR— CITY— FOR SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,' "
25 Post Bt.
$15,000 — Bush-Bt. corner; lot 65x120; present
frame improvements of no great value;
rent about $720 per annum; splendid lot
for apartment house or flats; owner
anxious to sell; make offer.
$9,000 — Rents $960 per annum: lot 50:6x137:6;
' business property on Union st ;¦ consist-
ing of coal yard, flat above, and rear
- residence of VI rooms and bath.
$5,500— Rents $52 per month; lot 27:6x137:6;
Sutter st; 3-story frame building; *tor«
and 14 rooms above; cottage of 4 rooms
and bath In rear.
$4,000 — Larkin st. near Pacific; lot 27:6x87:6;
cottage of 5 rooms and bath; rents $25.
$3,250 — Laguna st., near Lombard st. boule-
vard; new cottage of 7 rooms and bath;
terma can be arranged to suit pur-
chaser.
$3,650 — Rents $42 per month; vicinity of Third
st and S. P. R. R. depot; 2 buildings in
splendid repair; consisting of 4 "separate
flats; a permanent investment.
$12,500— Lot S0x75, with 2 houses of 6 rooms
and bath each; within one-half block of
Market and Sixth Ets.: rents $720 per
annum; splendid purchase for future
investment.
$6,500 — First st. near Folsom; lot 45x68:9; 2
flats of 5 rooms and bath each and cot-
tage of .5 rooms and bath,
$5.600— Rents $49; Harrison st,- near Sixth;
four flats of 3 rooms each.
$6,500 — Rents $70 per month; lot 40x75; Rltch
Bt., near Bryant and Third; 2 houses of
7 rooms each and 4 flats of 3 room* each.
$15,000 — Rents $180;' 6 fiats of 4 room* and bath
each; new building; San Jos* ave., near
Twenty-fourth st.
$5,750 — Price reduced from $6600 to make im>
' mediate sale; rents $60; Church Bt cor-
ner; lot 60x80; store and" rooms; flat
above of 5 rooms and bath; 2 adjoining
etores with living rooms.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
J 25 Post Bt. '¦
CHEAPEST and Choicest Home' Building Lots
....On Official Grades in Sunset District....
Fronting 17th. 18th, 19th, 20th and 21st aves.
Between H and I Streets..
....In Blocks Fronting Golden Gale Park....
ELECTRIC CARS PASS THESE
PROPERTIES ... i...~.
..Sold on Your Own Terms and Monthly..
Installments
See These Building Sites and Judge . for
Yourself
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 25 Pest Bt
Branch Office, Corner H st. and Seventh ave.
Open Every Day, Including Sunday....
PACIFIC HEIGHTS
...MARINE VIEW RESIDENCE SITES...
In lots to suit purchasers
On reasonable prices and terms;
fronting Vallejo, Green, Broderlck and Baker
sts.; street work done; property ready for the
builder.- BALDWIN & HOWELL,
. 25 Post Bt -
C. M. WOOSTER CO.,
C. M. WOOSTER CO..
C. M. WOOSTER CO., 648 MARKET ST.
See our advertisement in to-day's Bulletin, i
Wo publish an entire page of specially se-
lected bargains. It's worth your while to look
them over. Call at our office and get a paper.
$1.700 — Cottage, 4 rooms and bath; good
plumbing; good condition; on Glover at,
near Jones and Pacific; rents $198.
$9,600^ — Must be sold before September 15; the
northwest corner of Eighteenth and E1--
Bom Bts.; 50x100; this property is sur-
rounded by some of the largest manufac-
turing plants in the city; proper improve.
merits would make this a wonderful In-
come producer.
$7,000 — Residence. 9 rooms and bath; on Va-
lencia st; lot 83x117:6.
$7,250 — 2 modern, up-to-date flats; cottage of
3 rooms and a finished basement; on
Scott st, near the Girls' High School;
rents $S10; lot 25x90; one of the best
buys on the market.
$22,000 — 30x120; north side of Ellis st, near
Larkin.
$4,000 — Handsome new modern residence, six
rooms and bath; Ashbury Heights; beau-
tiful view; overlooking Golden Gate
Park.
$4,200 — Elegant corner lot on Main st, two
blocks north of Market st. ; must be sold
at once; cost owner $6000; street bltu-
mlnlzed; eplendid location for store and
flats;, mortgage $3000 can remain; lot
4Sx00.
51, SCO— Make offer; will take much less; north-
east corner Arm v and Dolores sts. ; flne
lot, ready for building. ,
$3,000— Cottage. 7 rooms, bath, stable; Ala-
bama st., near Twenty-sixth; modern;
In cool condition; lot 30x100.
$12,000 — 3 new, modern flats, first-class condi-
tion; on Sutter st, near Fillmore; lot
25x137:6; rents low, $12C0.
$34,000 — Rents $3570; Guerrero st. business cor-
ner: 75x114; modern Improvements; rent-
ed low; always rented; these rents could
easily be Increased 15 per cent. >
$5,600 — Make offer; 3 flats, near California
and Fillmore; renta $636; lot 60 foot
front; can be further Improved; big turn
in this.
$6,250 — Modern 2-story residence, 8 rooms;
porcelain bath in first-class condition; on
Devisadero Bt, near Haight; lot 25x125.
See our advertisement In to-day's Bulletin.
We publish an entire page of specially selected
bargains; It's worth your while to look them
over; call at at our office and get a paper.
C. M. WOOSTER CO., 643 Market st
LYON & HOAG. . . .' . .116 MONTGOMERY ST.
Call for Our* Complete List' of Property for
Sale in All Sections of the City.
$12,500 — A speculation on Fourth st. : corner lot
near Folsom; 25x80; a turn can be made
here.
$4,750— Sanchez and Twenty-fifth sts.: 2 flats.
5 and 6 rooms and bath; rent $38; this
is a flne corner investment; nothing. in
the city at the price to equal it.
$21,500 — A flne corner lot contains 11,700
6quare feet; only 2 blocks from water
front; Sansome and Green sts., near
railroad ; a great lot to Improve. ¦
$26,000 — An excellent Investment on one of our
best vuptown business streets; new 3-
story building; 2 stores and 4 flats; to-
tal rent $105; lot 40x60; best buy on the
market.
$40,000 — One block from O'Farrell and Powell:
4-story building, built 7 r years ago; lot
contains 2400 square feet; pays 5 per
cent now;| no lease; will pay yearly 8
- per cent Under lease.
$8,750— Sixth st. ; lot 25x80. with 2-story build-
ing containing stores and flats; rent $60;
the property has lately been renovated;
plumbing is new and sanitary; a bar-
gain.
$2,500 — $500 cash, balance $27 monthly, in-
I eluding Interest: a new house on Eliza-
.beth st near Diamond; contains 6 rooms
and bath: 2 mantels; cost much more
than price asked
$3,500— Fifteenth st, near Howard; eplendid
bargain; gosd two-story house. 6 rooms
and bath; brick foundation; owner must
go East.
$15,000 — Valencia-st corner, close to Market
st; 40x137:6: ground rent. $40.
$7,750 — Rent $"4 50; big snap; tew 3-story
building, containing 3 flats of R rooms
and bath each; Fifteenth, near Dolores;
could not be duplicated for anything
like the price. :
$9 750 — Rent $92 50: In Park Panhandle dls-
' trlct facing Golden Gate Park; 3 new
flats' of 7 rooms and bath each and fin-
ished basement; lot 25x106:3; building
only about 2 years old.
LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
RAYMOND, ARMSTRONG & CO.. '
Room 2, Seventh Floor, Mills Building.
$37,500— Choice corner on Battery et; 71x137:0;
old Improvements; near water front.
$32.500 — Drumm St.. near Clay; lot 32:7x76;
substantial brick improvements; first-
class tenant.
$22,500 — Broderlck st, near Union; three build-
ings, two flats each; each flat detached
on lot 34:6 front; well rented; new and
up to date. ' -V
$16 000— Presidio Heights; choice corner en
Clay st; lot 30x100; 2-story residence,
finished attic and basement, 11 rooms,
2 baths, furnace, laundry, etc. .-;,¦¦
$15,000 — North Bide of Clay st., near Maple;
lot 30x120; modern colonial residence,
finished basement, 9 rooms and furnace
$15,000 — Octavia st. . near Geary; 27:6x110; 3-
story-. building of 14 rooms.
$6,000— Willard at, College Heights; modern
residence of 7 rooms, bath, etc.; lot 37:8
¦Xv ' front; stable, carriage-house, chicken-
yard; a very desirable home.-
College Heights. Parnassus ave. and Willard
st. — Beautiful residence lots; also 2 new
residences. . .
Ross Valley Park, San Anselmo — Beautiful
lots. $310 up; also 2 brand new cottages.
RAYMOND. ARMSTRONG & CO.,
Mills Building.
MARK LANE, 116 Montgomery .st
SPECIAL. , .
MUST BE SOLD THIS WEEK. ¦
$9.000 — 60x100; two modern flats. | 6 ¦ and 7
/ rooms and 7-room house; west of Guer-
] rero and north of 18th; rents $900; make
offer. -.,"¦¦ ¦••¦.""*¦
$12,500— Six modern flats near Golden, Gate
Park; 20 minutes from City Hall; will
pay o\-er 15 per cent on investment of
?750O cash. Do not fall to Investigate
this--
I MARK LANE, 116 Montgomery st
FOR sale— As a whole or In -subdivisions; 60-
vara lot; south line Union st, 137:6 feet east
of Pierce; lot northeast "corner ' Green and
Pierce sts.; lot 103:6x137:6 feet. Inquire of
CHARLES C. BEMIS, Real Estate Broker,
221 Sansome st. ." >'; ¦- .
$505 — Lot 25x114; snap; easy terms; no inter-
est; no fog; warm. belt. 305 " Liberty, . near
<;iiuri-li. . • .
FOR sale — $3000; modern 6-room house in best
portion of . Mission. 600 Hill et.7 near Castro.
BR\L ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
G. H. UMBSEN
20 MONTGOMERY ST.
$20,000 — Rents $122 per tnonth. which are low:
Fourth-st. corner: good improvements;
consist of 3 etores and 3 flats; must be
sold to cWa- an estate; lot K5xS0. v
$18,000— Rents $11S per mo.; corner near Third
and Folsom Bts.; choice business hold-
Inp. store and flats; steadily rented.
$15,500 — Rents $1C3 per month; flne corner on
Howard et. ; substantial Improvements
In M.ore and flats; orlrina.1 cost of Im-
provements $15,000; lot 35x122:6. »
$12.500— Rents $82 50 per month; Hayes-st.
business property, Btore, flat and double
house; 2 frontage*; a splendid buy.
$9,500— Rents $U8 00 per month; Bush st; 3
choice flats of 7-0 rooms and bath. each;
bay- windows, brick foundation, etc.;
27:6x137:6.
$8.000 — Kented low at $53 per month: Bluxomo
Bt. : good substantial building consist-
ing of store and 2 flats; must sell to
close an estate: lot 25x120.
$6,650— Rents $55; Oak st.; 2 modern flats of
&-*i rooms and bath each; reduced from
$7200 to close an t state. .
$4,500 — Close to 20th and Mission sts.; a
cholco bay-window residence of 8 rooms
and bath; In perfect order; owner de-
sirous of leaving city. \ • ' '
! $3,500— Rents $30 per month: Clara st; 2
flats of 5 roms each; lot 25x75. *
$3,500— Rents $20; close to Eighth and\Fol-
, som: 2 new flats of 4-5 rooms and bath
each.
i $3.250 — Rents $30; Lexington, ave.; 2 good
flats of 4-5 rooms and bath each; mui»t
be sold to dose an estate.
$3.000 — Rents $31 50 per* month; close to Ninth
and FoUom Bts.: 4 tenements of 3-4
rooms each; in good order and steadily
rented.
$2,250 — Rents $29 60 per month; Broadway;
3 flats of 4-3 rooms each; brick foun-
dation, etc * - ' '
$3,500 — Rents $38 per month; near Third ana
Bryant; 4 flatB of 4 rooms each;, In good
order and steadily rented. ¦ . •
$5,600— Vallejo Bt, north Jlne; choice marine
view lots. 27:6x110 each; a splendid op-
portunity for residence site.
$150 per front fout — Jackson Bt.. north line,
near Baker Bt; choice residence lots,
any size. ¦ ¦ % '
For full particulars of the above an& for the
Real Estate Record containing. a list of prop-
erties for sale In all parts of the city inquire
at our office.
O. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers,
20 Montgomery st
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE COMPANY,
613 CALIFORNIA ST.
LEAVENWORTH. NEAR PINE.
$37,500— Large lot, with new Improvements;
renting for $222 50 per month.
GRAND SUTTER-ST. LOT.
$30,000 — 35x120; Sutter Bt, near Larkin. run-
ning through to Fern ave>. : In the best retail
business locality of the Western Addition;
$100,000 apartment house In course of construc-
tion adjoining.
MISSION, NEAR SIXTEENTH.
$22.500 — 75 ft. lot; four 10-room houses; with
slight outlay will pay 1 per cent per month.
MODERN DOWNTOWN FLATS.
J21.000 — Mason Bt., near Pine, running
through to rear etreet; 4 new artistically fin-
ished flats of 10, 6, 6 and 4 rooms, renting, for
$1S3 60 per month.
CFARRELL-ST. NEW FLATS.
$17,000 — O'Farrell st.. near Laguna; 8 flats
of 9-9-10 rooms; renting for $135.
BUCHANAN-ST. FLATS.
$12,600—3 new flats of 6-6-7 rooms on Bu-
chanan St., near Fulton; renting for $105 per
month. \
NEW FILLMORE-ST. FLATS.
$9000 — Four new bay-window flats of 4 rooms
each, renting for $85.
MINNA-ST. FLATS.
(18500—25x75; Minna Bt. near Sixth; S flats
of 6-6-7 rooms; mortgage of $2000 in Hlbernia
Bank can remain.
WASHINGTON-ST. HOME.
$6000—25x137:6; Washington st, near Hyde;
dwelling of 7 rooms and bath.
MARINE VIEW LOT.
$5750 — 34:1x103; W. line Devlsadero st, near
Green: beautiful marine view and in a rapidly
growing locality. '
MODERN BAY-WINDOW FLATS.
$4500 — Laguna. St.. near Union; 2 modern
bay-window flats; rents $34.
OCTAVIA-ST. COTTAGE.
$2500 — 31x72: Octavia st., near Unioa; well
built cottage of 6 rooms; renting for $16.
O. D. BALDWIN & BON,
22 Montgomery at.
$27,500 — Pine et.. north side, between Mason
and Taylor: lot 55x155; rents $138;
grand location for apartment house; note
Blze of lot, S525 square feet
$20,000 — Choice business corner on Hyde st,
137:6x78; present rents $130; could be
largely increased by improving portion
of lot. \ x
$2,250— House of 7 rooms and bath on Tilden
st; lot 28x90 to rear street; a snap.
$10,000— Rents $80 per month; 3-story build-
ing on Folaom st.. near Cth; 2 stores
and lodging-house; lot 30xS0; a bargain.
$24,000 — Post Bt.. near Hyde; 50 feet frontage;
rents $125.
$00,000 — Corner on Sixth st; 75x125; rents
$3tX) :>er month.
$16,500 — Corner on Third tt.: 40x75; old Im-
provements; rents nominal.
$37,500 — Rents $235; 4-story and basement
brick building, containing stores and
lodging-house, near Sutter and Kearny;
lot 34 feet frontaire.
$10,600 — Rents $90 50; can safely be rained to
$105; 4 flats on Grove Bt, near Octavia;
lot 25x120 to rear street /
$8,000— Rents $74; 3 new bay- windowed flats
on 15th st, near Dolores.
$55,000 — Rents $375; under 5 years' lease to
one tenant: new apartment-house con-
taining IS apartments of -4 rooms and
bath each; no expenses but taxes and
Insurance.
$11,000 — Business property on First st. close
to Howard; rent $03; lot 23:6x137:6.
ASHTON & GARDINER.
REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE,
411 MONTGOMERY ST.
N. W. cor. Haight and Fllfmore; 137:6x150:6;
magnificent Bite for Etores ''and flats.
$12.500— S. E. cor. Halght and Cole sts.; a
fine business corner, 95x75; would pay hand-
somely if improved,,
$15,000— Sutter St., near Octavia: three flats;
rents $1170 per annum; lot 27:6x120 to Wal-
nut ave. ; offer wanted.
$12,500 — S. W. cor. Union and Dupont sts.;
improvements consist of three-story building,
renting for $1260 per annum.
$10,000 — Fifteenth Bt, near Church; 3 new flats,
renting for $1050 per annum; a flne Invest-
ment.
North corner of Ninth and Bryant sts., 60x85
feet; partly improved with store and flats;
offer wanted.
$3000— Webster »t, near Oak; flne building lot,
25x100.
$1200 — Lombard st., near Baker; excellent flat
eltes; lots 25x155.
HAWKS & SKELTOn!
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken of
Property. »
$8500 — Fine house of la rooms and large base-
ment; Grove at. near Fillmore; N. side;
good neighborhood.
$8000 only for 19 lots on Twelfth ave. and B
6t., bet. Point Lobos ave. and Park;
Twelfth ave. graded; must be sold as a
whole: a ercod investment.
$2000 — Very cheap lot; Greenwich st, near
Franklin; 33x137.
JGoOO — Lot en Jackson St., near Walnut, 50x
100; will divide; near Presidio; growing
neighborhood.
$5000 — Lot on SW. corner Larkin and Lombard
sts.; 25x105; magnificent marine view
from every window.
$5000 — Lot on SE. corner Larkin and Green-
wlch Ets; 50x62:6; elegant .view of city,
.Golden Gate and bay.
HftWKS & SKELTON, 323 Montgomery st.
BARGAINS. »
$2300 — CottAge, 4 rooms and bath, etc.; brick
foundation; in fine repair; lovely home; lot
25x114; sunny side.
$1300—- Cottage. 4 rooms; lot 25x80; Folsom
T\.;\< 2 block from cars; street work all done. '
$3400— 2-6tory. 7 rooms; modern: lot 20x125;
fine neighborhood^ between Twenty-fifth and
Twenty-sixth sts., Fair Oaks. •
$1100— Lot 25x123; Fair Oaks st, between
Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth; sunny side;
flne neighborhood. <-¦:--.; v
$1630> — Lot 25x7S:6; Ban Joee ave.. between
Twenty-fifth and Army sts.; bltumlnlzed and
sidewalk.
$500—2 lots. 25x114; Duncan Bt.
J. F. PLUMBS. 1402 Valencia st
W. F. AMBROSE. ~~ ~~
$30,000 — The cheapest downtown investment
on the market; only- for a few days;
C9-f t. frontage on Bush street, not far
from Powell st.; old Improvements;
' . renting at $16S0 per annum; an elegant
Eite for. an apartment house or hotel.
45:10x137:6 — Battery-street corner; would
pay big to Improve.
27:6x110— Western Addition corner; 2 flats,
opposite oquare.
25x137:6 — Three Western Addition flats,
renting for $'J- 60 per month: -offer wanted.
- W. F. AMBROSE Si CO.,
41 and 42 Chronicle building.
BETTER THAN ANY BANkT " V . ":
$1000 down and $50 per month for new flats
near Twenty-ninth and Mission streeti.
$300 down and $20 per month will , buy you
cottage. 5 rooms and bath: up to date.
D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission street.
$2500 — A modern cottage. S rooms and bath;
best condition. 4516 20th et. near Eureka.
NICE family " residence for sale. 238 Fair
Oaks si. ¦ . ,
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOB SALES.
EASTON,' ELDRIDGE & COMPANY.
. 638 MARKET ST.
AUCTION. :
AUCTION.
AUCTION
TUESDAY, AUGUST 25. ..!... ..;... .."•••1803
At Our Salesroom, 638 Market St.
At 12 O'clock Noon. »
, WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
E. line of Buchanan Bt., 137:6 /ft. N. of
Union: beautiful bay-window frame building,
consisting of. two flats, 6 and 7 rooms and
baths; modern in every respect; Noe. 3018 and
3020; lot 25x117:6 ft. • , '. ' 2^1,
SOUTH- OF MARKET-STREET INVEST-
¦ - < l ¦ f ¦ ' ¦ MENT. "- •
'NW. -line of Harrison st.. 185 ft. NE. of
Eighth; Nos. 1176, 1179A and 1176B: Improve-
ments consist of 3-story frame building, con-
taining 3 flats and small building in the rear
containing 2 rooms; rent $42 50 a month; lot
20x80 f t. . • '
SUNSET DISTRICT BLOCK.
Entire block of excellent land, bounded by
Seventeenth and Eighteenth aves. and W and
X Bts.. being block 1257. size -240x600 ft.; this
is a most desirable location for a roadhouse,
being adjacent to the famous Ingleslde racing
course and, covered with- eucalyptus trees. It
is on a car with Trocadero. ¦
MISSION BUILDING CORNER.
ND. corner of Seventeenth and Noe sts. ; ex-
tremely desirable corner; lot 30x91:6 ft.; this
is a particularly desirable location for stores
and flats.
MISSION BUILDING SITES.
NE. corner of Seventeenth and Prosper Bts. :
lot 25x91:6 ft.; an excellent location for the
erection of flats; this property lies in the heart
of the warm belt. .
ELIZABETH-ST. INVESTMENT. A
8. line of Elizabeth St.. 236:8 ft west of
Diamond \ St.; 2 very desirable building lots.
Blza 51:8x114 ft. ; improvements on property
consisting of a cottage of 5 rooms. ¦
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
N. line of 'Bush st.. E. of Broderlck: Nos.
2026 and 2C26A, 6 and 7 rooms; fine In
the rear; rent $48 60 per month; lot 27:6x
137 :<J "• — ,^.,m
(DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
N. line of Clay st., 76:6 ft. W. of Powrtl.
corner of Parker alley; Improvements consist
of a substantial 2-story brick building; ex-
tremely large lot, 86:6x07:6 ft. _
BRODERICK-ST. BUILDING LOT.
W. line of Broderlck St., 75 ft. N. of Oak;
very desirable neighborhood; 1 block ..from en-
trance of Golden Gate Park Panhandle; 25x
100 ft
For further particulars apply to u __-
EASTON, E^mPO^t eg'st.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & MARKET BT .
(Established 1875.)
$125,000 — 68:9x137:6 ft.: downtown hotel on
Jones Bt.: rent $7500 a year.
$125,000—137:6x137:6 ft;, strictly downtown
corner Qn Leavenworth st. ; present im-
provements pay $225 a month.
$70,000— Market st. building site; present im-
provements pay $112 50; lot 25x100 ft;
adjoining property recently sold for
$4000 per front ft. .
$35.000— Polk st. business property: grand 8-
Btory structure; containing 2 stores and
rooming-house above; lot 30x110 ft.
$28,000 One of the best business corners in
the Western Addition; new modern
building containing grocery'and 6aloon;
B flats of 0 and 7 rooms and baths;
annual Income $2520.
$20,0W) California Bt. business corner, near
Polk St.; Improvements, stores and
houses; renting for. $1410 a year; 85
ft. front; mortgage $11,000 can remain.
$18,000— Rents $1950 a year; Franklin St.. near
Pacific ave.: 3 elegant modern flats of
8 rooms and porcelain baths each; elec-
tric lights, etc.; key lot, 27:6 tt. front-
age.
$17,000— Make offer; absolutely forced sale;
grand business property on 6th St. ; 3
etores, house 15 rooms above and a
house of 12 rooms facing on another
street: large lot, 40x80 ft; bank mort-
gage $12,000; rents extremely low for
i $1500 a year.
1 $17,000— Grand apartment house site on Jones
Bt; present improvements pay $1840 a
year.
$15,000 — Rare oportunlty for a builder; full
D0*vara lot on G. G. ave. ;' cement side-
walk; street bituminlzed. .
$14,000 — Rents $1458 per annum; 3 modern
flats on Waller St., and 2 flats of 4
and 5 rooms and bath on rear Bt. ; lot
25x110 ft.
$6,500 — Key lot on Minna Bt. near 4th st. ;
large house 13 rooms; lot 25x70 ft.
$5,000 — Worth more money; forced sale; flne
2-etory building of 7 rooms and bath;
flne barn in rear; large lot 30x137:6 ft;
choicest residence, portion on Stelner Bt.
$5,000 — House 7 rooms; also house of 5 rooms
on rear street; lot 25x127:6 ft; Pine at,
near Webster.
$5,000— Minna st., near 5th; rent $504 a
year; 2 flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath.
$4,500— Modern cottage of 7 rooms and bath
and basement; $30 per month; Ashbury
st, near Page; lot 25x106:3 ft
$3,250 — 2 bay window flats of 4 and 8 rooms,
bath and basement; tank and wind-
mill; rents $30 per month; good renting
portion of the Mission; $1300 mortgage
can remain; lot 29:6x114 ft,-
$2,000 — Fine lot; level and ready for build-
ing on 15th; street work done; a big
'•' - bargain.
$3,000 — South of Market investment; 3 flats;
rents $28 per month.
$400 — Worth double price asked; flne lot
on 22d st; 25x114 ft
W. J. GUNN, J
- 630 CALIFORNIA ST.
(Savings Union Building.)
LOTS THAT. ARE VERY CHEAP.
$1675— Union, N. or sunny side; W. of Broad-
erick; 25x100; cars pass; fine marine view;
ready for building; graded, sewered.
$2500 — Union, on sunny side, near Scott, on
slope of hill; 25x110; choice location; flne
surroundings.
$2500^ — NE. corner on Union; 25x100.
$2000— Filbert: 34:9x137:6; cheap; • street bi-
tuminlzed; a splendid lot to improve with
fiats: well located; , houses all new on
block; a few steps from .cars; marine
view; easy terms.
$2000 — Webster-st. corner; 25x100; few steps
from Fillmore and Union st. cars.
$1500 — Western Addition lot; 25x137:6; street
bitumlnlzed and sewered; ready for build-
ing; fine marine view; very cheap; close
to cable cars.
$5000 — Broderick and Union; corner; 44x103;
crand view,
$8S5 each, only $1770 for both; north of park;
2 choice lots, this side of Eighth ave.; i
¦ lines cars: graded, sewered and macad-
amized: 25x120 each; a fine buy for build-
ers; tho lota are very desirable; pn ( the
/ same arenue lots have just sold for $1500
each.
$650 for both— 2 lots. 25x120; north of the
• park; a few steps from Fulton or D st;
the cars run' on D St.. and Fulton fronts
the park; well located; flne marine view;
"-^ very cheap; a splendid buy. -»--«¦
$1400 each — Sixth ave., N. of Lake ; 25x120 :
very desirable; elevated; looking Into the
Presidio; all street work done; where some
flne residences have been built and others
/ about to be erected; we can arrange for.
easy payments. ,
The attention of builders and those looking
for building sites is called to the above de-
scribed properties, us they are all well located
and offered at bargains. - . •
PACIFIC HEIGHTS MARINE VIEW LOTS.
$7700 — Green, N. side'; a magnificent lot having
a marine view that Is like a < panorama;
elevated and sltely; 34:4x137:6; :street
bltuminlzed and accepted; between two
beautiful colonial style, costly residences.
This lot is well located, being on the sun-
ny side, and looks down on the Presidio,
and Is a flne location for a home. I ' ¦
$16,500 — An NE. corner on Vallejo; 62x105;
the marine view is something grand, over-
looking the Presidio; street work done;
basalt blocks; stone pavements; a sunny
corner.
$50,000—275x137:6; 2 corners; grand view of
the bay; elevated and sltely; fronts on
1 8 streets: the only very, large lot on the
Heights: fine site for a residence.
W. J. GUNN.
* C30 California Street.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
$500 to $1200 — Only graded lots fronting
boulevard, ocean and park. Unobstructed
view from every lot Fronting electric cars.
Don't miss this opportunity. Easy terms.
$00 to $250 — Near ocean and park — $5 monthly.
Oceanslde branch office on 49th ave. and K at.
OPEN SUNDAYS.
SELLING FAST— SEE THEM TO-D AT.
$500 to $1000 — New lots In Sunset District
Graded and sewered, near cars, $10 monthly.
Sunset branch office on ' 9th ave., near H st
$150 to $200 — Level Excelsior Homestead lots
near Mlsslon-st. electric care— $5 monthly.
Choice Richmond District lots, $10 monthly!
¦ * ¦ ' ' - .-:.-}
$1000 to $3500 — 4, 5 and 6 room ¦ modern cot-
tages.' Sunset, Richmond and Excelsior
Homestead. All bargains!
Easy terms!
SOL GETZ tt SON, owners and dealer*,
, Room 64, Chronicle building.
JOSEPH STRAUB. • 630 Market- St. "...
.* $3000 — 2 flats, 9 rooms, basement; rear house
4 rooms; basement of 2 rooms; Mason and Fil-
bert sts. ; :'¦'"¦' ' ; .
' $8500 — Good : income . property; nice locality;
3 bay-window flats; basement; sun' all day;
pays over 11 Der cent ¦ ."'•¦'¦ . . -¦
. Nice level lots'on Eighteenth and Nineteenth
aves.; easy. Installment or cash; south of park;
marine view. . - —.-:-;;, '..:'¦- ..¦¦.'
• $200— Choice level lots, ready to build ;on;
Excelsior : Homestead; ' Mission; Installment.
GO. to Mission Realty Co., open Sunday, No. 2
. , Twenty-ninth st, corner, Mission,- for— -, .
-•' $1880— You can buy, new cottage, 4, rooms,
> bath, with $300: down. > ; ; .
' Call: for : list of property, $100 cash down
' ; and balance easy monthly lnHtallments.
FOR sale — House 8 rms. 1 ; high basement; sunny
, elde 19th, bet. Valencia and Mission; no reas.
offer refused. Stephens & Co.. Union-sq. MkCTHE SAN/ FRANCISCO CAJLL., SUNDAY; AUGUST 16, 1903.
41
' OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS:
OAKLAJTD RKAl/ ESTATE.
WOODWARD. WATSON St CO..
Real Estate Agents and Dealers,
1172 Broadway. Cor. J4th St.
BARGAINS.
BARGAINS.. I
\ * ' .
FOR YOU AND FOR EVERY ONE.
FOR YOU AND FOR EVERY ONE.
$1650— As pretty a lot as you oould want; Is a
corner, 83. 17x100, and sets 6 feet above
street grade; cars pass property; school a
blocks away.
I240O— Splendid lot, 40x100, In very best resi-
dence section; this is only $t>0 per foot
and property all around It has been sold
for $100 per foot.
$3500 — Excellent, new and modern home of 8
rooms; on sunny side of street: pretty
dining-room, all paneled and has. beam
celling; combination fixtures; very desir-
able; easy terms If desired.
$4750— Splendidly situated suburban home;
large grounds. 100x206, with 8-room,
house; plenty fruit, berries and flowers;
a^ Is a corner with car line on both streets;
well and city water.
$5900 — Good 11-room house. In' splendid neigh-
borhood; within 10 minutes' walk of
Broadway: large lot, 70x125; 30 feet could
be sold off of this at $60 per foot; $5000
bank mortgage can .remain. A snap.
$6500— Large cottage of 10 rooms on one of the
best avenues In East Oakland; beautiful
grounds; choice flowers; fine stable; large
lot. 100x160. .
We are offering Telegraph-ave. frontage at
$65 per front foot; is on the sunny side of tha
street and very close In; you should see this;
cheapest property on the avenue.
FINE LOCATION.
SWELL HOMES.
THE KIND TO BH PROUD OF.
They nre In East Oakland on the block
bounded by East Twelfth and East Fourteenth
sts. 1 and Fourth and Fifth avea.; these beau-
tiful homes contain 7 and 8 rooms each and
have every possible convenience; large recep-
tion halls, with hardwood floors; large closets
I and pantries, laundry, etc. ; prices range from
$4250 to $5250. Man on the ground dally from
1:30 to 5 p. m. agpflf
SUNDAYS BY APPOINTMENT.
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO.,
Real Estate Agents and Dealers,
1172 Broadway, cor. 14th at.
Oakland.
=
TAYLOR BROS. & CO..
Real Estate Agents,
Fire Insurance and Financial Agents
Telephone Cedar 351. 1230 Broadway, Oakland.
INVESTMENT-INCOME PROPERTT.
$5000.
SPECIAL FOR, FEW DATS ONLY.
A very handsome two-story attic and base-
ment. 12 rooms, elegantly finished, latest
plumbing, rooms connecting by folding doors,
fine mantels, solid oak staircase, with rotunda
and bay-window fronting street, also back
stairway and every modern convenience; solid
Btone basement, cement floor; the lot Is ele-
vated and has cement coping and sidewalks;
on one of the prettiest corners in Oakland and
noted for its warmth and healthful location.
Especially adapted to a retired wealthy family.
Must be seen to be appreciated; cannot be
duplicated tor $8000 and is In perfect con-
dition.
CALL ON U3.
$4000— Flats on West it; Income over $500
per annum.
$4000 — Grove et. property: Income $480 per
annum.
$5250— Flats; Alice st.; income $690 per an-
•» num.
$5000— Flats; 12th st; Income $600 per an-
num.
$8760— Flats; Telegraph ave.; Income $070 per
annum. -. : .\<"^
$8500 — Flats; Orove st.: income $1230 per an-
num.
TAYLOR BROS. St CO.,
1236 Broadway, Oakland.
t
HOLCOMB BREED A BANCROFT,
1060 BROADWAY, OAKLAND, CAL.
SPECIA1S FOR THE WEEK.
$500 cash, balance $30 per month.
New 6-room house; porcelain bath, tinted
walls, tiled sink, china closets, etc.: living-
room an elegant feature. 12x24; gas and elec-
tric* lighting; fine location; close to Telegraph
aveV 8 minutes to City Hall and local trains;
worth $3000; cut to $2750; quick sale.
$500 $350. $600. $675.
Lots in Santa. Fe tract. In the heart of the
coming Improvements; size 40x133, 45x113;
street work done; bounded by five car lines;
Santa Fe and Southern Paclflo R. R. ; 23 min-
utes to foot of Market St.. S. F. : 15 lots
sold this week. Watch It grow.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE-
EXTRAORDINARY.
\ i.
The elegant residence. 1668 Webster St.. bet.
23d and 24th. comprising 8 rooms, medern, fine
lawn, good size lot: offers wanted; must and
will be sold to highest bidder.
An elegant" building site— 75x123— overlook-
Ing Lake Merrltt and the Adams property and
the Berkeley hills; street work complete; only
$20 per foot.
We have under construction three fine bung-
alow cottages, ranging In prico from J2750 to
J3000; will be thoroughly up to date; see plans
at office; terms arranged to suit; easy pay-
ments. ' .i.V;.-
HOI-COMB. BREED A BANCROFT,
1060 Broadway, Oakland.
FRANK P. L EE , u _ R0ADWAYt OAKI^
$4250— Brand-new comer house; Falrmount
ave., adjoining Linda Vista; 7 rooms,
basement, beamed ceilings, paneled dln-
Ing-room. tinted walls, front door oak.
¦ with bevel glass panel; sun . all day.
$2800— New modern 7-room colonial; Grove at.,
near Santa Fe crosstown line: Immediate
possession; owner leaving town.
$3150— New modern 7-room house; lot 40x130;
3 blocks from Santa Fe depot.
$2650—90x125. with modern cottage. S rooms,
basement and stable; fruit and flowers;
Lorln station.
$2S0O^-New modern 2-story colonial, 6-room,
bath and laundry; near Grove and Slst.
$3650— Modern 6-room house, basement, barn,
driveway; between Grove and Telegraph;
close In; lot 35x135.
$2800 — Modern extra well-built 6-room cottage.
' in* fine condition; on Union, between 10th
and 12th, within call limits.
$4250— Brand-new up-to-date house of 7 rooms,
den, bath, cemented basement, floored at-
tic, gas and coal grate; lot 60x100, be-
tween Grove and Telegraph; convenient- to
everything:
$800 Business lot in Emeryville; 60x123;
• Park St.; well located.
$1300—38x130; sunny side of 18th; shade trees;
excellent neighborhood.
$9000— NW. corner of 11th and Webster, oppo-
site Produce Exchange; bound to Increase
, rapidly.
Also several bargains. San Pablo ave., Includ-
ing 2 Improved corners.
FRANK P. LEE. _>
. - ; , ;j 911 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
COZY HOMES ON SALE.
Elegant, modern homes, situated on sunny
'" side street In the best. localities in Oakland
and Berkeley; for sale on the most reasonable
terms. Call or address. ROBERT ; P. DEY,
1 KG Twenty-third «... Oakland. C-U.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS;
OAKLAXD HEAL ESTATE.
A. J. SNTDER.
REAL ESTATE BROKER AND DEALER.
;" ' 4(57 NINTH ST.. OAKLAND, CAL.
List Your Property for Sale Here.
$1050 — Three-room cottage on a lot' 60x105. In
the Piedmont Kills; delightful climate;
in tbe midst of new improvements. C9-S.
$1350 — Four-room cottage on Piedmont ar*., on
direct line to new ferry. . 70-39.
' $2000 — Almost new cottage, four rooms; mod-
ern; new bouses around It; only one block
from San Pablo and Inside of 20th st.
43-33.
$1800— A coxy little cottage on Locksley ave-.
only four blocks from cars; lot 40x100;
new, ca*h required $300. 7O-S7.
$245O^-Corner lot on Chestnut at. 84x100; good
six- room house; only part cash, balance
bank loan. 13-14.
?2S0O — Seven-room house, with a lot 40x153,
la the Piedmont foothills; surrounded by
llowirs and fruit trees; make an offer;
must sell. C9-18.
$2500 cash — Little cottage home on Franklin
St., near 2uth: fire rooms and bath; close.
In; a good cottage. 47-14.
$2500 — Best two-story house In West Oakland
for the money; nine rooms and bath;
cheap at $3000. 13-31.
J2S0O — New two-story house. 6 rooms and bath:
lot 32x140; on Slst st.; especially good
and very reasonable. ' - 4S-5.
$3500 — Spacious teven-rcom cottage, bath and
basement; lot 50x144; Caledonia st. I^eee
this at once: make an offer. 49-2-.
$20 per foot — Buy some of this property on
Adeline at. before the car line Is built
and the prices raised; near 2Sth at.; some
choice property; bound to Increase in
value.
HAVE YOU BEEN THOSE LOTS WE ARE
OFFERING IN THE SNYDER AND MONT-
GOMERY SUBDIVISION OF TEME3CAL
PARK TRACT? CHOICE LOTS FOR FROM
1 $450 TO *700; SEWER WORK AND STREET
i WORK DOME ON SOME OF THE LOTS.
1 NEW BUILDING GOING UP; CAN MAKE
EASY TERMS ON THESE LOTS. OR CAN
BUILD ON TERMS. ALSO HAVE NEW
SIX-ROOM HOUSE JUST COMPLETED OX
LOT 40x140 FOR $2500.
List your property for sale here.
A. J." SNTDER,
Real Estate Broker and Dealer.
4S7 Ninth st.. Oakland. Cal.
J. TTRR1EL, REAL ESTATE;
60« Ninth St.. Oakland, Cal.
Besides those herein set forth we have
new and old houses of 6, 7 and 8 rooms that
can be sold for prices that are low and on
terms ranging from $100 down to any amount
you wish to pay.
$4250 — An 8-room house: lot 50x150; east side
of Ninth ave., near East Tenth st., with
large barn; can be had for $500 down,
with balance at 8 per cent.
$1250 — For a S-room cottage; lot '23x73; east
side 13th ave., between East 13th and
East ICth sta. ; can be had for small pay-
ment down and balance on easy Install-
ments. :?.'.
$1500 — 6-room two-story house; 40x94; 26th st.,
near Market; a bargain.
|750 for corner lot; northwest Parker and
McGee sts.. Berkeley; 80x132.
\ . ¦'
\ ¦
$1000— COTTAGE- home; 4 rooms, bath, eto.;
walking distance to Fourteenth and Broad-
way; a snap; easy payments.
THE ALDEN CO.,
1113 Broadway.
HOUSE 6 rooms, etc.; modern: 857 37th St..
near Syndicate bank and station; a private
loan at your own terms of payment. Address
Bulger. 931 60th St., Oakland. Cal.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
18 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
OAKLAXD FUR5ITCRE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture. II. Schellhaas. 11th »t. cor. stortt.Oaklnd
Mill Valley Advertisements.
BULL, VALLEY REAL ESTATES.
LOT 60x125 FOR $400.
Charming Mill Valley is growing very fast;
new houses are springing up on all sides;
land values are increasing rapidly; Lyon St
Hoag have placed a new tract on the mar-
ket right at the station and are selling lots
at from $S to $12 per front foot on terms
of 10 per cent cash, balance $10 monthly;
over 80 lots have been sold recently; streets
are graded, water mains laid, electric lights,
etc; grand old trees; don't delay, .but get
In on the ground floor; branch office. Mill
Valley; open Sundays; send for booklet.
LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
\ XOrTS TO LET.
LOFT to lease^ — 656 Mission St.. NW. corner
of Annie: light loft of 4000 square feet; pas-
senger and freight elevator service; will leasa
for a term; rent reasonable. SHAINWALD
BUCKBEE St CO.. 21S-220 Montgomery st..
Mills building.
MEDICAL.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's syringe
and tablets; price. $2 50. By express only on
receipt of price. OSGOOD' BROTHERS,
wholesale druggists. Seventh and Broadway.
Oakland.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed: 30
years' experience,! 728 Post st, near Jones.
DR. G. W O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped; the most difficult cases treat-
ed; advlca free. Office. 1018 Market st. J.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe.
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008^ Market st.. opp. Sth.
MRS. D. ALLEH 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical cars; low fees.
Dra Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
in obstetrics, female comp. ;25 yrs. experience.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1128 Market st.
A maternity villa; private: secluded; conflden-
tlal. Dr. E. Funke. 1416 Eighth st. Alameda.
DR ROSEN moved to 2995 Folsom St.. cor.
26th; trellef $10; . ladles' exclusive office.
DR. NO TOY KEE. 31d Powell st.. oppoelte
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MONEY TO LOAN.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY ~ ~~~~~
C01-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements: no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store 840
Market St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants.' teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; largest business in
46 principal cities. Tolman, 353 Parrott bldg.
A— 1 per cent on furniture or piano :no removat ;
. no commission: no publicity; $25 up; quick.
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery at., r. T.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE 103 Grant are..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
; AT cut rates on real estate, furniture or piano;
no commission. E. W. LICK 1003 Mutual
Eav. Bk. bid.. 70S Market; phone Main 819.
& F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
The TOUSLET CO.... 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'3. 10 Sixth st.
MONEY loaned, to salaried 1 employes. O. W.
MILLER, room 74. flfth floor. Chronicle bldg.
ONE per cent on furniture: $3 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery, room 16.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy St.. floor 4.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. 8. F. Collateral Loan B0k. 838 Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of -Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311, Mutual Sav-.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes' without
- ¦ Indorser. MORRELL, 600 Examiner bid.
M05BY W ACTED.
WANTED — Capitalist, control industrial propo-
sltlon; $5000 — tq. to commence. Box 3a74»Cali.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 21-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH fc WOLPMAN. 105-107 Fremont st.
25 II. P. PORTABLE boiler and en*i-i9..$ 273
A whole laundry outfit 500
An oil or water well drilling outfit W)O
Prospector's complete plant 430
Woodsawlng (portable) rig. a snap 230
S-ton capacity automobile (gasoline).... lcoo
Mfner^s compressed air drilling plant... 5Ot>
City water works plant 15Ct»
Surface planer iZO ft.), I. If. small.... 130
Band saw for very large work ISO
75 H. P. Corliss type engine ".. 3«>
Battery 54-ln. boilers (2) hi»>
Double engine hoist and cable 2SU
20 H. P. threshing engine (good) 275
15 H. P. flre box boiler 10O
4SxlO boiler, all complete 20»
:u',xl2 boiler, all complete 125
10 H. P. vertical boilers, each »O
CxO double yacht engines 2t>o
7x7 bc!t driven compressor. Blake 123
SO gasoline engines of all makes; 10O boil-
ers, all sizes, all makes. See THEM all. see
ME last.
Spot cash does the business. Don't come
around unless* you've got the money.
Confederate or promissory notes not taken.
' II. 9. WHITE MCHY. CO-. 130-132 Bcile at.
A GOOD reascn to _t— y diamonds, watches and
jewelry from us i.s^lha: you need only pay •
s.mall weekly payment on all purchases; all
goods delivered on first payment. Call and
examine our goods, even If you don't far* to
buy. L1CI1TEXSTEIN BROS.. 25 Stockton.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterite: in rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles; ¦ best for new roofs.
ELATE KITE P.OOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
MINERS, attention — We have two mining
hoists for sale at prices which will Interes:
you. Call or address the Compremed Atr
Machinery Co.. 24-26 First st.. San Francisco.
A — Fine suits. $7 5O; dress pants. $2 50. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 22$ Kearny St..
near Bush; open to & p. in. Sunday to noon.
A— $.1 50 DERBY and fsdora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st., near Pine;
open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon. »
A*— BUYS, sella. or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, ahafting. pulleys.
etc. WIIITELAW. 25.T-2S5 Spear st.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 pair: foot-form
shoes at $2 50: we pay express charges. 11
Third St.. Examiner bid. ; catalogue sent free.
8EC0ND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps'
wood and Iron working machinery, bought.
sold and rented. H.S.WHITE.1U0-132 Beale.
FOR sale — 2 carloads No. 1 Jerseys. Holstelns
and Lmrham cows; fresh and springers: at a
bargain. Mission road, near Five-Mile House.
GOOD Durham cow with jich milk for sa!«
very cheap. Apply 8017 Twenty-sixth st..
near Church.
CHEAP; nearly new Jewel gas range and
small coal stove. 7 Ewer place, o!t Mason
St.. bet. Sacramento and Clay.
Al FRESH family cow. Just from the country.
Inquire SAM AFTERGUT. Mission road. nr.
Seven-Mile House and county line.
GAS and gasoline engines, new and second-
hand: all sizes. E. B. BECK St CO. 123
Market st.
LARGEST runt.*, homers, best hen pigeons,
white homers; reasonable. 2041 Linden St..
Oakland.
LADY'S ticket for slim brunette, medium
height, to St. Louis; $23. Box 3381. Call.
AT a great sacrifice, bracelet containing 43
larg» diamonds. Box 3363. Call office.
LARGE wooden rases for sale at low prices.
Call I. MAQNfX A CO.. 43-53 Elfis st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Brfck, 131 Post st.
MILES of pipe and fittings: all sizes. EU«
GENE P.ILEY Sz SONS. 100 Vallejo st.
FOR sale^ — Ticket to Denver, $20. Box 3,J»2,
Call office.
MOVING picture film and song slides. 109
Montgomery st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
A CO.. 122 Market st.
All bargains ;camp stools and chairs, hammocka.
metal bed*. mattresses.J.F.Hotter.712 Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Baclgalupl. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches.
all sites. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont »t.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER*
MANX SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters: all
makes. ALEXANDER St CO.. 110 Montg'y.
MISCELLANEOUS WAST 9.
TTLTOX wants good ¦•cond-hand clotbing and
theatrical c red*. 154 Oth «t. : tel. Jea».«» 2S31.
MUSICAL ISSTRLVME.NTS.
AMONG OUR BARGAINS ARE:
8 Chlckerlnrs $130. I1S5. $235
1 Fiisher; upright $«l
1 Jewett; mahogany; new ji»i>
1 BchaCer; mahogany; new $185
2 Emerson $193. $215
2 Btelnway »tS5. $215
8 Heine $235 to *»5
25 squares $15 to $170
7 organs ....$10 to $75
Rents $2 up allowed on purchase; Install-
ments $4 up; piano players from $00 up;
new pianos from $117 up. HEINE PIANO
CO.. 235-237 Geary it., agents for the Gat>-
ler; Krell. Eteger. etc.
A SMALL walnut Emerson upright, absolutely
like new, $135. 237 Geary st.
STEINWAY upright, left by private party,
$165; a great bargain. 237 Geary st.
A FEW good upright pianos from $70 up com-
prising Voae. Sterling, Jacobsen. Schnech-
ten. Sherwood. Weser. Marshall ft Wendell.
Haines. Everett, Knabe and others; easy
payments. BEN'J. CURTAZ A SON, 1»-K>
O'Farrell. No branches In San Francisco.
BAUMEISTER «tands for all that is good in
piano manufacture; also you can buy it for
a reasonable amount of money. THE ZENO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 7C9 Market st. All
pianos on easy payments.
G. A. R. VISITORS — Free Cocllian Piano
Player concert* daily at BYRON MAUiJT"3.
All are welcome. SC8 Poat st.
BAND Instruments; F. Besson. Paris, maker.
Gus Maiwald. Agt. Pac Coast. 278 O'Farrell;
skillful repairing; 2d-hand Instruments sold.
THE big piano sale at BYRON MAUZY'3 la a
grand chance to purchase a piano cheap.
30S Post st.
UN'FOHSEEN circumstances causa sacrifice of
first-class 3-pedal upright piano. S5S Gotdsa
Gate aye.
BARGAIN— Standard make upright; good con-
dltlon. SCHMITZ k CO.. 18 McAllister st.
Unredeemed storage pianos and furniture dirt
cheap. Whitehead's Storage. 1636^Market.
A GRAND rush at BYRON MAUZY'S sale of
pianos: uprights. $50 up; squares. $20 up.
303 Post st. "
GOOD square piano for sale, cheap. 122S
Filbert st.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Stelnway upright piano:
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe's.285 O'Farrell.
BUY direct from the factory and save 50 per
cent. HORN'UNQ. 216 McAllister St.
CALL at BYRON MAUZY'3 Piano House an*
get prices on pianos which will please you.
3C8 Post «t.
KOHLER St CIIASE. 30 O'Farrell St.; largest
and oldest piano house.
BEST renting piano In city for $-"» per mcatli.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 5eO Hayes st.
EOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecil Ian plane*
player. BYRON MAUZY. 30S-312 Post st.
SUPKRIOR violins, -tlthers. old and new. H.
MULLER. maker.. repairer. 2 Latham plac>
A WEF.K'S news for o cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 p*r year.
OFFICES ASD STORES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market St.—
Office to let: rent $15; light, heat, janitor and
telephone. ASHTON A GARDINER.
STORE to let —lth steam connections.- 31 J
•Front st.
PALMISTRY.
jlMB. DEVAS, scientific palmist and astroU>-
gist. Office. 20 Llebes bldg., 139 Post St.; $1
palm readings; 3 questions fr— .
H JEROME FOSCLLI, scientific palmist, 515
Taylor St.. near Geary. Phone Black 561.
MRS TRAVBR palmist and card reading; la-
dles. 25c: gents. ROc. 124 Oak st.
PHYSICIASS ASD Sl'RtiEOXS.
DR. C C O'DONNELL — Office and residence.
1021»4 Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073H Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor:
treats all diseases of the human body: for.
past four years at 115-117 Mascn; row to-
- cated at C67 Geary «t.. near Leavenworta.
DR TONG PO CHY. successor • to Dr. Li Po m
Tai. herb doctor: cures all d— «aaes of human
by use of h-rbs and teas. 727 Washington st. -
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All <i!»- '
eases cured by Chines* h»rb«. 74ff-« Clay st.
For Additional Classified Advertise-
Wcnts See Paga Fortj-Two.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRCITVALS KEAIi ESTATE.
J. V. MATTESON. Frultvale ave., near East
Fourteenth st.. Frultvale, Cal.
$2000— 6-room cottage; lot 42x166; near elec-
tric cars and school; fine garden; chicken
houses, pigeon cote. etc.
$3500 — B-room bungalow; lot 50x125: macad-
amised street; city water; superb finish;
1 block from electric cars; 6 minutes'
walk from station; fine neighborhood.
$2300— 5-room cottage and high basement: %
block from electric cars; near station;
lot J3xl25; modern throughout.
$3000— 5-room cottage, etory-and-a-half; lot 40
xl30; on Fruitvale ave.; fine location;
every modern convenience; beautiful yard.
$S50— 2-room cottage; lot 100x150: chicken
houses; garden: small amount down bal-
ance easy Installments.
$lOWV—3-room cottage; lot 75x270; well of
fine water; small payment down balance
?9 per month.
$1000 — 3-room cottage and high basement; large
lot: chicken house, pigeon fly. barn; near
Etation; easy terms If desired.
$1350 — 4-room. cottage. Just completed: near
station; good sized lot; modern; a little
. beauty; easy terms.
$1350— Store and dwelling; good business lo-
cation..
$1400— 4-room cottage; lot 41x145; % block
from car line; near station; well of good
water. \» :-¦
$6500— Stores and flats: fln» location; excellent
paying property: 2 large store rooms with
2 modern flats above.
$1400 — 3-room cottage, close to station and
school; large lot: high basement; electrlo-
ity; chicken yards, etc.
$3600 — Grocery: fine location; complete stock:
wagons, horses, etc.; books show large
receipts.
; flCOO — i-room cottage; lot 80x122; high base-
ment, chicken yards; modern.
$3000 to $20,000— Elegant homes on Frultvale
ave.; large lots, fruit, flowers, lawns, eta.
A Snap — Livery and feed stable.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY IN ANY PART
OF TOWN.
DF.PIRABLB ACREAGE AT REASONABLE
1 PRICES. '
THE- BEST AND CHEAPEST BATHER
TRACT PROPERTY TO BE HAD.
i HOUSES DESIGNED .AND BUILT AFTER
YOUR OWN IDEAS ON \ INSTALLMENTS
1 LIKE RENT. ! V
J. V MATTESON. Frultvale ave.. near East
Fourteenth St.. Frultvale. Cal.
S150O— 5-ROOM cottage: bath, hot and cold
water; 1 block from street cars and five
minutes' walk to train. .
lOCO— 3-room house; lot 50x200; near Frult-
vale station. -¦. ¦¦¦¦; '•'; :\^
J800 House, 4 rooms, and barn; fruit trees
and flowers: 1 blocks from street cars; lot
65x142.
$2250— New 5-room cottage; piped for gas and
wired for electric lights; just being com-
pleted; all modern: street work all done;
lot 35x140. with alley in rear; easy terms
if desired.
$2100 — A fine 6-room cottage, in a nice locality,
with bs.th; hot and cold water and a One
large basement: only S blocks to street
cars. If you want to buy cheap building
lots on easy terms apply to
ALAMEDA LAND CO..
1161 Twenty-third ave.. East Oakland, Cal.
' OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 3B0ADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$20 PER month on the property and only 6
per cent Interest buys a new modern home
of 8 rooms, porcelain bath and sink, laun-
1 " dry. sanitary plumbing, m and electric
lighting; sunny slda of the. street, front-,
ing electrlo line and within walking dis-
tance of local trains to San Francisco;
choice residence location; street work all
done; stone walk all laid: open lawn in
front; or will rent for $30 per month;
small first payment required if sold; Inves-
tigate at once; an exceptional chance to
get a home on payments like rent.
$3SO — Sunny corner; lot 80x100; 2 blocks from
Telegraph ave.
$400— EmeryvlUe; lot 40x100; close to San Pa-
blo ave.
$25 per month, small cash payment: 2-story
house; 6 rooms and bath; sunny side; east
of Ban Pablo ave.; only $2250.
$1000 — Cheap home; cottagr» 4 rooms; high base-
ment; lot 25x133: close to Berkeley local
station and terminal of Santa Fe rail-
road; sunny side of street; all work done.
$S50— Lot 30x100; street work all done; sunny
side of Market, near Twenty-flrst st.
jr.00 — Lot 25x100; street work all done; near
Thirty-fourth and Peralta; close to ter-
minal of Santa Fa railroad; suitable for
business. ,-•-
$1750— Renta $223 per annum; 2 old cottages;
eunny side; downtown; 0 rooms each.
$1000 — Cottage of 4 rooms; centrally located; 2
blocks from San Pablo ave.: street work
all done. " ' ."'»¦£."¦
: $2100 — Now cottage; B rooms; modern; high
basement; barn; sunny aide of Myrtle st.
$2000— Modern Eastlake, cozy B-room cottage,
with b.Hh. hlsh basement, etc.; 1 block
from fc'i-.ii Pablo ave. ; street work all done.
$2000 — Modern cottage: 6 rooms and bath; high
basement; lot 30x100; central location;
close to Telegraph ave,
$3000 — House, 8 rooms and bath; In good condi-
tion; choice central residence; 4 blocks
from Broadway.
$3000 forced eale under mortgage; positively
must be eold at once; 10 rooms; lot 36x
115: sunny frontage: close to schools,
churches and local train; Poplar St., cen-
tral: very desirable neighborhood; cost
present owner over 54100.
Send for new 8-page printed catalogue of Oak-
land property for,eale. v, ¦.
Have ycu any property In or near Oakland for
sale? List It with me for quick results.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN. i '. ,
• •<..-. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
$4.250 — Reduced from $C000; owner compelled
to leave Oakland on account of a bust-
*.-"- t ness change ar.d prefers to make sacrifice
and a quick sale; bouse of 8 rooms, al-
most new; the latest style of archi-
tecture; finished in first-class, workman-
like manner: built for a home and has
every possible advantage; lot 50x116, with
driveway, • trees, palms, shrubbery and '
a email summer-house; neighborhood is
nrst-class and near the business center;
$800 cash, balance mortgage.
J. S. MYERS or GEORGE K. AUSTIN.
> 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$5,000— Would cost to duplicate, $0500; new
colonial house In East Oakland; high and
sightly, with a fine marine view; finished
in curly redwood; dining-room 23 ft
long, with bookcases and china closets
built therein; nickel and open plumbing;
lot 00x145 (note sUe); 13 homes surround-
ing It within a block, ranging in prlca
from $7000 to $15,000; terms only S500
cash, balance monthly.
J. B. MYERS or GEORGE W. AUSTIN
lOOt Broadway, Oakland.
TWO SPECIAL BARGAINS.
A beautiful home In Frultvale. commanding
one of the best views In Alameda County. An
abundance of fruit trees, modern house, con-
taining 0 rooms, bath and 2 reception halls
New barn; windmill and tank of 5000 gallons
capacity. To make a quick sale this prop-
erty, is now offered for $4000.00.
Administrator's sale. 160 acres of the best
grain land In San Joaquln Valley. Good res-
idence, barn, windmill and tank. Worth
twice the asking price of $3500.00.
THE E. P. VANDERCOOK COMPANY.
Oakland Office — No. 1018 Broadway.
San Francisco Office — Room. 82 2d floor
Mills Building. B. F> '
_____ $
v 1
$9500 INVESTMENT— Income property, con-
sisting of stores, flats, etc.; all rented, $112
per month; steady, and In • good condition*
and a corner lot. -100x57. "Apply quickly to
¦ THE ALDEN CO.. 1118 Broadway.
ALEX. MURDOCK. Chronicle bldg.. San Fran-
cisco, for "Oakland. Berkeley or rural homea.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE].
«~
LATMANCB REAL ESTATE CO.
A MODEL HOME.
Latest architecture; elaborate Interior; no
prettier ground floor plan could be devised;
contains 10 rooms* perfect order; about one
year; constructed for owner," who Is forced to
sell. Wj have secured a price of $7500 that
would cost nearer $10,000 to duplicate; let us
show you.' " ';> J -
THREE ELEOANT PROPERTIES.
$5000— Beautiful lot. 00x100, situated near Laka
Merrttt; one of the few rare properties
at this price.
$55— Grand piece of real estate; 60x100; sit-
uated near 12th and Madison; surrounded
by beautiful homes; nothing equal to this
between Broadway and the lake.
$4250— Magnificent lot, 150x150; In a select
section of East Oakland: near 7th ave.
and East ISth st.; reduced for quick sale.
A MAGNIFICENT BARGAIN.
$3000— Fine house of <* rooms; 2 gears' old;
built by time and material contract; lot
40x120; good as new; near 35th and Tel-
egraph.
VERNON HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
$1000— Beautiful home '¦> rooms and bath; nice
grounds; all modern appointments; over-
looking Adams Point and Lake Merrltt.
SUBSTANTIAL HOME.
$3000— New modern home, 7 rooms and bath;
up-to-date appointments; extra well built;
easy terms; r.ear 35th and West.
Three new modern finely finished hemes; 6
and 7 rooms each; every convenience; in
the East Oakland warm belt; near locals,
car lines, schools and churches. Save
rent and own your own home; $250 down,
balance to suit. Owner must sell, v
$2650— Fine modern cottage, 6 rooms and bath:
mantel, china closet, gaa and double
parlors. Within four blocks of Center
et. local; near school, car lines, etc; bar-
gain.
OWNER GOING I
$2400— Nice cottage of 6 rooms and bath; 4-
room floored basement: lot 85x100; drlv»>
way and lawn; nice neighborhood; within
10 minutes' walk to City Hall; $500 down,
balance on terms.
$2000— Good house, 7 room* and bath; lot
33x115; driveway; Adeline station; north
of Sth st. •
$1S5O — Modern cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
neat little home: close to locals and cen-
v ter of town; worth $2100.
$1500 — New modern cottage, 8 rooms and bath;
near car lines, schools, etc.; near upper
Twenty-ithlrd ave.
$140. $140. $140.
Corner lot, 50x123; one block of car line; close
in; cost $600. Elmhurst.
IAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
Established 20 Years,
Offices, 460 and -462 Eighth St., Oakland.
-—SPECIAL—
>';/; CLOSE- IN— INSTALLMENT LOTS.
$23 CASH— $10 PER MONTH.
If ~ 125!
1 « , 125!
80 30 30
-:, TWENTY-FIRST STREET.
I Streets sewered, macadamized and '"side-
walked; near new car line and Adeline sta-
tion; no such opportunity ever offered on prop-
erty as close in.
' LAYMANCB REAL ESTATE CO.. '
460-462 Eighth st.
Oakland.
/ ¦.
GEO. B. M. ORAT,
454 NINTH ST., OAKLAND, CAL.
$1000 — Price, reduced; stop paying rent; 4-room
cottage on Twenty-sixth St., between
Grove st. and San Pablo ave.
$2200 — Bargain; non-resident owner; 7-roora
house; lot 40x120: Thirty-fifth st.. between
Grove itt. and Telegraph ave.; mortgage
of $16C0 can remain.
$2500— Colonial home, built but 6 months; 5
large - rooms; opportunity for good, me-
dium-priced homo. r»-
$2S00 — Reduced from $3250; new colonial 6-
room bouse, near cars; good buy; easy
terms.-,- **.-.
$3650 — New. 6-room home, all modern and un-
usually well built; will bear closest in-
spection; south front; near Telegraph ave.
$3S50 — New. well constructed 7-room home on
Vernon Heights; excellent neighborhood;
near cars; southeast front; plenty of sun-
shine.
{4000 — Bargain; easy terms; new home on large
lot; 8 large rooms, bath, laundry, etc
• DOCTORS. ATTENTION.
Bargain on Fourteenth St.. opposite Free Ll-
braryrJust the place for a physician, and
sure to advance In value, as It is bound
to be business property.
Agents for Adams Point property. No flaer
home property. _' 4 .,
8. M. DODGE & SON.
1160 Broadway. y-S.Z'- >-/-V Oakland.
Offer for sale this week a number of choice
places worthy of special Investigation.
LINDA VISTA VACANT LOTS.
$1650 — Size 50x128: high ground; elegant views;
very select neighborhood; near Oakland
ave. cars; price Ju9t reduced -fx-om 52000.
$1200 — 10x132; Just the place for new 'home;
fine view of Piedmont Hills, Golden Gate,"
Lake Merrltt, Oakland, etc. Seller. owns
valuable adjoining land and only nice
homes can be built.
COTTAGES.
$2250— Swell little cottage with deep lot, very
near town; nice neighborhood: convenient;
plenty of garden room; 6 rooms and bath;
lot 32x200.
$3000 — 5 rooms and bath: cottage; lot 60x125:
near crosstown line to Ban Francisco; only
$500 cash required down; balance $30 per
month ¦ more than ¦ rent of house. This
place Is real cheap. A large number of
bearing fruit trees.
Pictures of places at this office. If you like
the pictures will gladly show you the houses.
8. M. DODGE Sc SON.
Also agents for Realty Syndicate Properties
and 6 per cent Interest Bearing Certificates.
$1000— 2 NEW flats of 6 and 7 rooms; lot 23x
100; well, mill and tank: rents $42 per
' month; central location.
$3000 — A modern house of 0 rooms; corner lot,
40x90; worth $5500; owner absent.
HUGH M. CAMERON.
10S8 Broadway.
$450 CASH. 1 $10 monthly — New Queen Anne
1%-story cottage. 5 rooms and bath; 3 fine
lots. 76x100; all fenced; rich sandy loam soil;
, immense shade trees. ; oak. laurel and pine:
running spring water: a lovely home; . near
"cars and nne school; no fogs or winds: ad-
joining East Oakland;,, price; in" all $1200:
nothing like It for the money In California;
call or send for circular. 455 Seventh - st..
opp.' Broadway station. Oakland; carriage
. free. . H. Z. JONES. Owner."
BEFORE moving get my printed list of houses
to let. GEORGE W. AUSTIN, 1003 Broad-
way, isiffe'' *
A-AMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
AL.A9TEBA REAL. E5TATE.
ALAMEDA THE IDEAL, RHSIDENCE CITY
nNEST STREETS. IvOWKST DEATH RATE.
3Ci-T SEWER SYSTEM.
ELEGANT SCHOOLS :57 MILES OF MAC-
Ar>*MIZni> DRIVEWAYS ANI> THH
PRETTIEST AVENUES AND STRECTS
<'P ANY CTTY or ITS SIZE IN TUB
BEAUTIFUL HOMES FOR SALE.
BARO AINS— B VRG A I NS— BARGAINS.
fifiOO — Bur* 5-roora cottage, near trains asd
r:SiO— Buys 5-rocm cottage; large lot; fine 10-
f22iO— Bays new S-room colonial: comer lot:
$C5OO— rtuys beautiful 6-rocm cottage: lot 60
$2C50— Buy* colonial cottage. « rooms and
oath; largt lot.
$CS30 — Buys fine house. S rooms aad bath;
foreclosure; rourt be »old-
$2500 — Buy* el«par.t 7-room house: nice lot;
$4230__.uy. new R-room house: Grand St.;
very fieelrable.
52000 — Buys cottage b rocms; lot 50x150; 6aa
Antonio ave.
$4500— Buys a Iva-Jtiful n*w modern S-room
hcuse: larpe lot; charmingly situated;
with all modern and Improved conven-
lenccs; r* C r trajaana rchools.
EAST TERMS^-EAST TERMS— EAST
ZT'CrnRIEVCE DEMONSTRATES IT IS
'.-HCArER TO BUT THAN. TO RENT.
runCIIAPE A HOME NOW— THE BEST
VALUE EVER OFFERED-HOMES
BUILT. RENTED AND EX-
CHANGED. ¦
ALAMEDA LAND CO..
1500 PARK ST.. ALAMEDA.
Tel. Grana 146.
WELCOME COMRADES.
DON'T. FAIL TO VISIT ALAMEDA.
THE PRETTIEST AND HEALTHIEST
CITY IN THE COUNTRY.
"A" VERITABLE CITY OF HOMES.
$1209— Flee B-rootn cottage; caa sell this on
easy terms. , ?
$2000— Modern cottage cf 5 rooms; porcelain
bata; a enap.
$2500— This is a well-appointed bou*e of 7
rooms; 1 .orcelain bath; right between the
railroads; near rtatlon — nd schools: lot
40x150; Just eee this and you will know
that it is the ben buy you ever saw.
$^T50 — Beautiful cottage cf 8 rooms oa Santa
C.«..-a ave.; Just the home for you.
$0000 — Beautiful home; almost new; 8-room
house; everything up to date; sunny; good
view; can be bought for $500 down, bal-
ance on easy monthly payments.
$o250 — Swell modem cottage of 6 rooms; nice
lot; well located on Mczart street.
$. r .0C* — An artistic coir home, fcuilt for tht
. . oitser; contain* 6 rooens; «un all day;
near Cb«stnut-«t. etaticn; is cheap foe
the money; nearly new. .
HAMMOND & HAMMOND.
1422 Park st. Alameda.
» . '
W. K. CONGER & CO.
Alameda. Bargains of every character.
Pound ¦.'•f ::~i # .e business lsvcstn lent* ar«
< u.- special Uea,
Llet year property with ua.
P!an» fujT.lahed ar.3 houses built ca tfce
most : • j :...i - terms.
TT. K. CONGER & CO.,
1501 Park __, Alameda,
DELANOY & RANDLETT.
Have Tou Sees Our New Bungalow T
Something Cnjque ar.1 ESeffifit Netting
Like It on This PiJe of the Bay.
OrAy a few lets left ia our bay side tract,
bo which we will build you any styl* of •>
house jou may desire; easy terms.
DELANOT & RAN-DLETT.
1336 Park at., Alamoda.
C-T.OOM eottaB*: lot 54x150: $1800 cartu
«-rocra cotttge; Al; a snap; $3100.
Corner etore, 7 living roorus and bath, bam
acd outhouses; in good location; $4000; take
broad eauge.
CHARLES ADAMS & C<X.
Bay Station. Alameda, 1221 RallroaA ava.
f2T>00— COTTAGE cf 7 r.; lot 50x100; $1850—
Ccttage of 5 r. ; large lot; J2Tt»> — New house
of 6 r.: terms. J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park St.,
Al&raeda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY XIEAJL ESTATE.
CHENEY & EEPJIY.
$2000— HOUSE cf 6 rooms: lot 45x100; street
work complete; house nearly new; cost
$2500; will take lot in part payment.
$2000— « room* and bath; lot 60x120; street
work done; modern plumbing; 1 block
from proposed car line.
$400— Lou half t'.ock from Grove-st. car lla*.
$0500— 7-roora house; bam; large lot; on street
car line; exceptional eacy terms to r«-
ej>cii£ibJe partx-
(1550 eaeh— «-TOc-i house, near College aye.:
let 40x120.
if) lot»— 1 block from car line; 4 blocks from
high school; $400 to $000 each; fine villa
sites; from 1 to 3 acres each; fine view
of 6an Francisco Bay, and adjoining the
university grounds.
CHENEY & BERRY.
• P. O. Block. Berkeley.
$2400— NICE tmaw'ct 6 room*; very conven-
iently situated.
f2FC0 — House of B rooms; only S blocks from
the eiatlon; ttreet work £il done.
S3OTO — Houm of « rooms; north of LHr l*bt wa»
ar.d east of Telejrrach. .
$3400— Dairy Ecer.le Park Tract; hcuse of Z
rocmi" and bath; lot t0xl2t>; street work
all dene.
$2500— In Daley Scenic Park: house of 5 roonu
ar.d bath; very fine view; a bargain
'
SCMW— Blrgr« barrain in Berkeley houra ol
• large rooms; fine corner lot- 1S5x100
convenient to university end It. R. 8 ta-
JOS. J. MA6O-W
REAL KSTATE AND INSURANCE,
£E. Carner Center St. and fhauuck Ave.
$900 — FINE lot. 50x1.30. on Shattuck ave.,
oeir-Berryrcen station.
¦ $T<00— Splendid lot, 50x270. on Spruce st.
$l£50 — A big enap; Jet €0x135; on Arch et.,
near Vine.
fI2O9-^1ne lota in the Daley's Scenic Park;
street work done. ?
$3750—2 nobby new bouses, on Walnut »t.; 1
rooms «ach.
H r| OO — New home of 7 rooms, on Scenic ave.,
near Odar rt, _
tiW) — Another one, same elre. en Vine st.
>< '¦ ' — Tjp to date new home, on Walnut st.,
' n*-«r Virginia.
f'250-Boe this rrt'tty place en Walnut at.
W. J. MORTIMER & CO..
<Succ->-isi«orjj to May & Mortimer),
Temporary Office near First National Bar.k.
LAIVTOM * ALBEE.
Special Bargains In Berkeley Homes.
5 room*; new. cozy home; $2300
C rooms; new; tinted walls; eoutn front;
K rooms; new; polished floors: modern: $4000,
h room*; modern; new; North Berkeley;
9 rooms; elegart new home; everything com-
rl^t?: rine corr.fr; lawn .in; you bhould ee«
ihi*; *cooo.
WE ALSO HAVE HOUSES IN T DIFFER-
ENT PARTS OF TO'.VN KOR FROM $1000
UPWARD. CHOICE LOTS. «25O UPWARD.
LAAVTpX & ALBEE. 2139 Center st.. Berkeley.
r'INE/ new. fcirxHome cottages; up to date; all
t-unvenlesces ; close to cars: large lets; $1550
to $1000; ...... t.---i cakh. La Ian;* JIG 00 per
A-. C. MORAN. Lorin rtation. cr
C. C. L'liSUK. Ashby elation.
tS5frf)— fi ROOMS and bath; fine location: one
block jo university buildings and car line;
ttj. • t work all dcr.e.
2U0 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley.
BERKELEV ADVERTISEMENTS
BE It KELEY itEAL ESTATE.
! ALLEN & ELLIS' SPECIALS,
j $750— Lot 40x130; within one block of Berke- !
ley station. '
; $10C0— Lot 42x130; In choice location; east of
Telegraph. ,
: $1200 — 4 rooms; nearly new; modern plumbing: •
8 blocks from feny line. i
' $1500^ — R rooms; modern; nenrlv new; lot 4Cx .
1S5; 2 blocks of ferry line. •
( $2400—5 roomi; dandy little cottage; modern; j
; nearly new; choice location: east of Tel- j
egraph; convenient to U. C.
j $2750—0 rooms; new; modern; bungalow, ;
double floors; nlpe location: near U. C.
( S2S0O— S room?; In »,-ood condition; finished I
street; east cf Hbattuck. near Dwlght; |
away down price; large lot. t
$3250 — 10 rooms; two fiats; five, rooms each; |
one leaded to good tenant: nice condition; ;
large lot; near Telegraph and D wight; ;
bargain; Ee« It lit ence. j
$3750 — H rooms; modern; cedar Bnlsh; nice 1
halls; nearly new; fine location; near In;
price cut; see this at once,
i $4750 — 10 rooms; nearly new; well built and
nice; modern; close In; snap.
i $5000 — 1C rooms; well built; in fine condition:
convenient to U. C. ; leased for $600 per
I year.
i AN opportunity seldom met with — I have a
new H-stury 7-room bouse, 4 bedrocks,
equipped with all modem conveniences, gas,
rlertric lights, etc.; on an Improved street;
only 2 blocks from the station, which I will
tell to a reliable party on the following!
terms: $100 cash and the balance In monthly
Installments; whole price $3500.
JOSEPH 3. MASON. Resl Estate.
Ccr. Sbattuck ave. and Center. Berkeley.
No. 730 — $5500 — ELEOANT S-room house; let
C0xl60. j
j No. 732— $CSOO— New house cf 12 rooms; hall I
finished in oak: lot 50x135; fine view.
(No. 708— $2000 — Cottage of 6 rooms; street
work dun*.
! No. 705— $5000 — Fine Income property; well
located.
! S. 8. QUACKENBUFH.
REAL ESTATE INSURANCE*
I 2171 Ehattuck Ave.. Berkeley. Cal.
1507 PRINCE St.. near Santa Fe R. R.— Large
8-room house; high basement; stable cow
barn. 7 houses for chickens; lot 160x135;
street work complete; call and inspect.
LEVI J. MORAN.
1 2131 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley.
j $4000 — 3 ACRES on Dwlght way. East Berke-
ley; elegant location; fine.
LEVI J. MORAN.
2131 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley.
ELEGANT 5-room cottage; up to date; street 1
work complete; deep lot; southern exposure; !
cheap. <; '.;-•
4-room house, barns and chicken honses: I
mill and tank; beautiful view; near school :
; and cars; lot 72x135; very easy terms.
6-room house: electrlo Ilght9. bath, etc.; near
I station; $100 cash and $20 a month; many '
: other houros; also vacant lots from $9 a front
! foot and up. ./".
MURDOCK St CO.. Lortn Station. Berkeley.
! $500 — Fine lot;- 40x130; fenced; near Dwlght
way statlcn; very cheap.
JCOOO — Handsome 2 story: » rooms and bath:
on sightly corner; 00x135; convenient to
university and station.
$25CK> — New bungalow cottage; S rooms and
bath; corner lot on Grove st.
ROTHERMEL & CO.. 507 California st.
TWO new 7-room houses; modern: street work
all complete: three blocks from Berryman
Etation; south frontage; price $3000; one-
' I third cash; balance same as rent; no agents.
See owner. 1925 Vine st.. t Berkeley.
! 11 ACRES. Joining university; whole or divis-
ion. DR. MOUSER, owner. 707 Bush et.,.
San Francisco.
! NEW, modern house 10 rooms, near university, i
for sale or to rent; $30. Inquire 1911 Addtson
St.. Kost n«>rk»ley. 1
j ALAMEDA ROOMS.
j CENTRAL ave.. 1541, Morton station— Newly
furnlfhed sunny rooms with board.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FnnTVALE K E _A^ ESTATE.
H. BARKMETER.
1206 Frultvale ave., FrultYaJe, Cal.
¦ $650^ — Cottage cf 4 rocms; corner lot. 50x100:
chlcken-hoBsej good well and pump; 2
blocks from car line: close to echools and
ebureh; terms $5t» ca*h, balacc* J7 30 per
month. Fltchburg.
$C73 — Cottaire of 8 rooms, hard finish; lot 50
xlOO; 2-story barn and chicken-house;
good well and pump; fruit trees; near
school and car Ane; a good buy. Melrose.
v.y
I $S50 — Cottage of 2 rooms; lot 100x150: all
fenced; chicken-house, etc; 2 blocks from
car line.
$1300 — Cory cottage of. 8 rooms, hard finished
hall, clocets, etc.; one room finished In
basement; entire house completely fur-
nished; lot 76xlOS; 2-story barn, chicken-
house; good well, also city water; all for
$1300; a bargain.
'¦ $1600 — Bay-window cottage of 7 rooms and
bath: Wgh basement: lot 37:6x100; two
blocks Troxn FVultvale Station.
$1800— $100 cash, balance $20 40 per month;
bay-window cottage of 6 rooms and bath,
sliding door, mantel: all latest Improve-
ments; corner lot; 8 blocks from local
train. - ,'>.*i
: $2300^ — An ideal house of 5 rooms and bath, all
: tinted and -nicely frescoed, porcelain bath-
; tub, mantel, sliding doors; gaa and up-to-
date fixtures; high basement; fine garden
. ¦* and fruit trees in bearing; two blocks
: from Frultvale Station; nne location;
terms, $500 cash, balance to suit pur-
chaser.
$4000 — Reduced from $5000: beautiful home on
¦ .¦ Fruitvale ave.. consisting of 8 rooms and
bath, conservatory, gas, etc: all modern
Improvements: 2-story barn; excellent
well of soft water; large tank and wind-
mill; corner lot. 60x203; variety of fruit
and shade trees; this elegant home must
1* eold and must be seen to be apprecl-
' *. «te<J. For particulars apply to
H. BARKMETER,
1206 Frultvale ave.. Fruitt'ale, Cal.
Telephone Brook 638.
CHARLES F. LEE. Phone Vale 296.
1222 Frultvale ave.
! $C50— $100 cash, balance $10 month; 2 r. cot-
tage, large barn: 50x130.
I $150 cash, balance $12 50 month; 3 r. cottage,
chicken houses aaf. yards: 8. large lots. 6-
foot picket fence; bordered by <~eek; some
nice fruit trees and large fine shade trees;
2 living Fprlngs; only 3 blocks to street cars;
no fogs or cold winds; price for all $325.
$450— $100 cash, balance $10 month; 3 r. cot-
1 tage; fine well.
. $1250— $200 cash; new 4 r. cottage and bath;
balance $15 month.
! $1200 — $400 cash; fl r. cottage; Queen Anne
1 * style: balance $10 month; lot 100x100
! $1300— $10<> each, balance $10 moflth; 4 r. cot-
I tage. barn: lot 122x100.
' I $1700 — $500 cash, balance $20 month; 5 r. and
: ' bath cottage; good barn. .
' j $1800 — 5 r. and bath colonial cottage; barn;
$500 cash, $17 month balance.
$3200—8 r. and bath; fine view of bay and
country: commanding site: $700 cash, balance
8 per tent mortgage; lot 50x2C0: two streets.
$75 — Lots: $5 cash, balance monthly to suit.
The beautiful '"Rosa Lee", tract; fine sandy .
loam soil: no cold winds or fogs here: fine
building sites, beautiful view; 3 blocks to
street can, churches, school and poetoffice
close by. •
. CHARLES F. LEE. • Phone Vale 296.
1222 Frultvale ave.
' H. A. PLE1TNER. Frult%-ale Station.
1 $1500 — Good 4-room cottage; hall, bath, aewer-
1 I age and good plumbing, etc.; lot 60x122:0,
with 16-foot alley In rear; near Elation;
equity sold: flat loan can remain.
_____
$10DO-nu?iness corner on East Fourteenth st,
with 2-room cottage; lot 53:6x119; a bar-
** ln -
$1650 — Beautiful modern cottage of 4 rooms;
Just finished; bath. hall, high basement.
bay-window; cemer.t sidewalks and walks;
lot 31x102: convenient to local trains and
• t . street cere; easy terms.
; $1700— Nice 4-room cottage; colonial style;
; ; modem conveniences: lot 50x100: chicken
¦ bouses; 3 blocks from local station.
r i $J075 — Fine 3-room cottage: hall, bath, base-
. ment. etc.; close to East Oakland Sta-
tion. This Is a enaD.
1 j $2450— New modern 6-room cottage: bath, eta;
lot 60x160; half block from Frultvale ave.
H. A. PLEITNER, Frultvale Station.
' .____————————— — -IZZ ZI________________,
FURNISHED HOUSE AT A SACRIFICE.
$1750 — 66x112; two-story house of 7 rooms and
V bath. barn, good well of water; all new
furniture goes with ' the place; an offer
without furniture will be ' entertained;
house Insured for $1500: title ¦ perfect;
open to-day for Inspection' from 10 to 4.
Redwood road,- near Pearl St., Just below
Lvg? old county road, Frultvale.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 16, 1903.
42
. CLAIRVOYANTS— Continued.
MRS.' BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladles
25c; gents 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth st.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c;
gents. 50c. 951 Mission St.. nr. 6th; open Sun.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
20^ Kearny. room 20; ladles 25c. cents 80c.
MME. MARCEAU, clairvoyant card reader;
love, marrlageian'd business; 25c. B45 Minna.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant card, reader; slt-
tlngs dally. 44S?4 Jessie at., bet. Bth and 6th.
CAItPET-BEATINQ AXP CLEAJriyO.
AIR compressed, dry Ice cold. Is now unlrer-,
j sally used In sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or Injury: prices mod-
¦ erate. Apply 8. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call big.; phone Main B23<.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
Ing Works, 355-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor. 829 Guerrero Bt.. tel. Mission 40.
TRY HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating;
mattresses made over. 1432 Howard ;South 216
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM &' CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrfson st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN' 8* Superior Carpet-beating Works.
833 Golden Gate ave.; telephone Eaat 126.
y CHIROPODISTS.
DUNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE. B0 Geary — All
allmenta of the feet cured ; conn, bunlons.etc
COLLECTION OFFICES.
ADVICE free; bad tenants ejected speedily. CO-
LUMBIAN LAW AGCY., r. 85, 916 Market;
tel. Red 618; collections; gen'l law business.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooma 9-10: tel. 6530.
COTTAGES TO LET.
FURNISHED cottage to let 8008 California
street. ____________
FOR RENT — Cottage of 0 rooms.' $13 per
month. 2704 1 Polk at.
DENTISTS..
DR LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr.Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting. BOc; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yra. ; crown, $3 SO; fillings, 6Oc;
plates, $5:full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Set teeth. $1 60 up; crowns. $2 up; nlllngs.25c.
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver, 85c: crowns, $2; no
pain: open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewitt.204 Sutter.
10 PER CENT off this month; estimates free.
New York Dentists. P6!> Mission Bt.. cor. Cth.
PRESS MAKERS AS E A M STKK SS K S.
MCDOWELL DRESSMAKING
AND MILLINERY SCHOOL.
Largest and bebt bchool on the coast.
j Leading system of dresscutting.
Leading pattern rooms. '
1019 Market at., above Sixth.
' McDOWELL Dressmaking ari& Millinery -School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
PYEK8TQ AJTD GEEA-TIgO. :
SEA breeze* sweeten all garments, blankets,
lace curtains, etc.. done by the Presidio
Heights Dye Works. 3915 Sacramento: phone
for wagon. West 453. H. HICKMAN. pres.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE. 1
WANTED— Butler. $40; 4 cooks, $30. $35; cook,
lunch house, $S CO; housework. San Mateo.
$3fl; Ross Valley. $30:- 5 second girls.' $20.
$23; cook for ranch, $25; chambermaid. $1
day; 3 nursegirls. $25; 4 chambermaids, wait 1
one meal $20; 6 waitresses. $25, city and
country hotels; 2 laundresses. $30; nurse for
Institution. $20: 4 nurses, $25; housework.
Bleep home, $20; restaurant waitress, $8
week; laundress for boys' school. $30; nurse-
girl sleep -home $15, and 40 houseglrls at
$20." $25. $30 $35; call Monday. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
A COOK for Seattle, $35; a French governess,
$30; a second girl for city, $25; two cham-
bermaids for hotel in city, $20 each; no watt-
Ing on table; a parlormaid and waitress for
San Mateo, $25. MISS PLUNKETT, 425
. Butter, near Powell.
A NURSE for 2 children. 1 an Infant. $30. for
Oakland. MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter St.,
near Powell. %
CLASSES In English, French, German and
Spanish, mandolin, violin, guitar, banjo;
pinging, elocution, physical culture, piano,
halrdresslng, manicuring, dressmaking and
millinery; terms, $1 60 per month each. At
San^ Francisco Girls' and Woman's Educa-
tional and Industrial . Union, 749 Bush et.,
near Powell. j
WANTED — American or Swedish girl for cook-
ing and light general housework in a family
of two: no washing or outside work; wages
, $30. Apply at 2308 Buchanan at.. Sunday,
Monday and Tuesday, from 9 to 3.
HA1RDRESSING, manicuring, massage, hair
work; removal of superfluous hair taught
from A to Z in 2 weeks for $10; positions
guaranteed; $10 to $20 per week; school day
and eve. 233 Geary, r. 13; maids prepared. -
A— LADIES, learn all branches halrdresslng
trade; manicuring, massage, etc.; 1236 Mar-
ket at., cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
OUTTNG In the country and earning money at
aame time; women and girls wanted to cut
fruit; working pears and peaches, the most
profitable part of the season; comfortable
workroom; furnished room for two, with use
of kitchen. In private family. $1 50 per week;
free camping grounds. Further ' Information,
, 220 Market at., room 12; eomrat once to LOS
' GATOS CANNERIES. Los Gatos^Cal.
GIRLS ABOUT 18 YEARS. TO RTVET
OVERALLS.
STEADY WORK. PAID SA1*ARY.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32 Vt FREMONT ST.
MR. DAVIS. , - .
I — —
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit
and canning; steady work; highest wages.
| Apply California Canneries ' Co.. Brannan
St., between Third and Fourth.
-v \ •
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES. 32% FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; steady
employment; day and piece work; highest
wages. CODF.-PORTWOOD CANNING CO.,
.Bryant and Tenth.
PICK HOPS— Excursion to El Robles ranch, on
Russian River, fixed for August 18 only, In-
stead of August 25, as previously advertised:
call Immediately for El Robles tickets; fami-
lies and young people preferred; heavy crops;
excellent pay; beautiful camps; plenty amuse-
ments. E. CLEMENS HORST COMPANY.
122 Battery st.. S. F. :
WANTED-4F!rst-cIass. experienced hair'dress-
er and manicurist for Santa Cruz; refer-
ences required. Call at St. Nicholas Hotel,
.room 308. betweeij 11 and 2 Sunday, or Mon-
day evening from 7 to 8 o'clock.
WANTED— A woman to do general house-
work and help take care of baby; no wash-
Ing windows, etc. Apply 25 C St.. between
First and Second aves., Richmond; wages
$25 per month. ' **
WANTED— 2 or 3 young lady solicitors to
travel or In city; good proposition. Call this
nftcrnoon between 2 and 4 or Monday- bc-
tween 10 and 12 a. m.. room 10.. 246 Sixth.
NEaT girl for housework and cooking; fam-
. lly .1 adults; no window cleaning; small
. washing; wages $25. Call Monday morning.
2721 Clay st. ¦-'.-,
LADIES to do piecework home; we furnish ma-
terials and pay from $7 to $12 weekly; Send
stamped envelope to Royal Co., 31 Monroe Bt.,
Chlcaco. ' ' . .
COMPETENT girl for general housework;
.must b© good cook with references; wages
$35. Apply forenoon. 1257 Harrison st.
WANTED— Young lady stenographer, with $20
cash, - can secure permanent position; good
salary. Address Box 3385. Call office.
$20 A 1C0 writing letters; addressed envelopo for
• -particulars.- Elf ctrlc Remedy Co., dept., 101,
235 South Michigan, South Bend, Ind. . . .
WANTED— A few more private customers for
. halrdresslng, shampooing, ¦ massaging, etc
Address J.S.'G., 2307 Washington st. .'.
LADIES'.*, plain sewing - home; • materials ¦¦- fur-
nished; no deposit; addressed envelope. Wom-
an's Remedy Co., desk A38. Chicago. -
HELP WASTED — -FEMALE— Con.
WANTED— Young girls of good families as
apprentices.. Call between 8:30 and 9 a. m.
I. MAGNIN & CO.. 43-53 Ellis Bt.
OLD colored woman preferred, assist general
housework, small family; 6-room flat; good
home; wages good. 3548 Twenty-third st.
WANTED — Middle-aged woman for light
housework and plain cooking; wages $15. Tit*
Franklin st.
WANTED— Experienced salesladies In hosiery
and veiling at JOE ROSENBERG'S. 816 Mar-
ket st.
GOOD position for an ambitious woman as
representative for a wholesale house. Box
1015. Call- office.
W A NTED— Shirt makers for fine custom shirts;
steady work. Apply at BULLOCK JONE3
CO.. 108 Sutter st. - - ¦ .
WHOLESALE house desirea aenrioes of young
woman not under 25, accurate and trust-
worthy. Box 8375. Call office. _^
WANTED — Young ladles with some experience
for wrapping counters. Apply Superintend-
ent's Office. The Emporium.
WANTED— Girl for general housework. lilT
Caroline St.. Alameda.
GOOD trimmers wanted. DINAN, 24 Kearny
street. • ,
GIRL for general housework. I small family;
sleep at home. 2320 California st.
BODY lroner wanted. United States Laundry,
. Sixteenth and Valencia sts.
PANTS finishers: also girl with some experi-
ence In operating on pants. 24o Seventh at.
ALTERATION hands to work on ladles' Jack-
ets and skirts. Columbia, 1022 Market.
GIRL, 16 years, to put on fasteners. Carson
Glove Co., 123 Second.
APPRENTICES wanted at millinery. Suite
8. third floor. 131 Post at.
GIRL for country cooking and general house-
work. Apply Monday. > 1409 Webster at.,
GOOD cook, young woman, $7 week; no wash.
414 Cappjt ,
FIRST-CLASS buttonhole makers; also flnlsh-
ers on vests. 230# Ninth, opp. Clementina.
WANTED — 4 girls for candy store. Apply Sun-
flay. Parry'a. 1304 Market et. * -
WANTED — Woman who has had experience In
taking care of children to take charge of a
baby about a year old; thla Is a good-placo
for one who appreciates a good home; state
age, experience and salary expected. Apply
box 10U. Call. ¦ '•
A — Glrla to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught from start to finish in ona
month for $10: positions aa trimmers, sales-
ladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening dags. 143 Stockton st.. r. 13.
WANTED— Experienced ribbon saleswoman,
one who understands tying bows; alao ex-
. perlenced embroidery saleswoman to go to
Sacramento; state ege. experience and ealary
expected. Apply box* 1000. Call. •
WANTED — Ladles to know that the Royal
Cloak and Suit' Co. make tailor-made suits
to order at factory prices; give them a trial.
C23 Market at^^ _^
A LADY of Indomitable energy to make money
and a convincing talker. F.. PERSON, 477
and 478 Parrott buildlne
¦ — — — — —^— •
WANTED — A lady to run a lodging-house on
ealary; state age, experience and wagea de-
elred. Box 3359. Call.
A YOUNG girl ' for generaf housework. 2614
California at.
APPRENTICE for hair work at G. LEDER-
ER'S, 123 Stockton st. -
PANTS finishers wanted by S. N. WOOD &
CO. ApDly at 27 Geary st.
WANTED — A girl to assist In housework; fam-
ily 3. 4052 Twenty-fifth Bt. ; Castro cars.
OPERATORS and finishera on waists; good pay.
JUDA BROS.. 320 Market at.
ITALIAN lady who can speak English wanted
to travel. Apply Girls' Directory, Central
ave. and Waller st.
WANTED — Experienced girl for cutting off
- goods In wholesale millinery house. Apply
HOLM & NATHAN. 512 Market et.
WANTED — Experienced cloak and suit Bales-
lady; state age experience and salary ex-
nected. Box 3351. Call.
WANTED — Experienced saleslady, who under-
. stands Jackets and children's cults. Box
3302. Call office.
LADY of good address to represent high-grade
magazine; good pay. S9 Columbian building.
WANTED — Fitters, stitchers and table girls.
Apply Eastern Shoe Factory. 134 Main at.
ELDERLY German Catholic woman for house-
work; {7 per week. 1071 Market et.
HELP WANTED MALE.
AT 'the CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AG'CY,
69 Third st. ' " Phone Bush 405.
. B. P. R. R.
FREE FARE. FREE FARE.
8C1 section hands, all parts of California.
S. P.'S OWN WORK.
FREE FARE— FREE FARE.
50 section men, $1 CO and $1 70 a day.
BUTTE COUNTY— CHICO.
SO teamsters and rockmen, $2 SO day. - :
CO laborers and axmen. $2 25 day.
COAL MINERS.
FREE FARE— OREGON".
25 miners, $1 a ton.
FRUIT AND HOPS.
100 families to pick hops, prunes and grapes;
1 fare round trip; hops, $1 a hundred; prunes,
$2 SO to $3 a ton: grapes. $1 B0 a ton.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 69 Third at.
LOST!
* • YES, YOU ARE LOST
IF YOU DON'T GET YOUR J0B3
FROM THE
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
* B2O SACRAMENTO ST.
(The reliable agency.)
Cor. Leidesdorff st.
Phone Main 1191.
Look for our ads In to-morrow*B (Monday)
paper. Your Job Is there.
SPECIAL— ITALIANS.
Free fare. | Free fare..
HUMBOLDT CO.
20 Italian laborers, railroad work In woods,
large sawmill company, $35 found.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
i??^ , . 520 Sacramento at.
A— HOTEL Gazette, 26 Montgomery, room 12.
Second cook, $60; Watchman, $25. Office open
Sunday. 9 a. m. to 12 m.
*A — HOTEL Gazette, 26 Montgomery, room 12.
Porter, country, $30; pantryman, $22 CO.
Office open 9 to 12 a,m."
A BUTLER for a good place In Oakland: $i0;
references " as a butler necessary. XIISS
PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter st.. near Powell.
SALESMEN— For best accident and health In-
surance in world; stock company: cash capi-
tal nnd Insurance deposit of $250,000; $1000
policy costs $2 year. $100 emergency benefit,
accidents, any and all kinds; handsome black
' seal grain pocket case given free with each
policy; good salesmen making $100 week. If
you want to get on write to-day for exclusive
renewal contract, with liberal commission.
German Registry Co., 211 N. 7th St.. St. Louis.
RESTAURANTS — First-class short order cook
. for large house; - first-class waiters; also
buses; hlsh arm work; call Sunday, 9 a. m.
to 1 d. m.: no fee. RESTAURANT KEEP-
ERS' ASSOCIATION, 0 Eddy, at.,* room 40.
TRAVELING salesman for California; no tech-
nical knowledge, but active all-round hustler;
established, well rated house. Sales Dept.,
21 W. Atwater St., Detroit, Mich.
WANTED — A reliable boy, aged 15 to» 16. to
learn window dressing and go collecting; only
responsible parties need apply. Call between
9 and 10 a. m. Monday, I. MAGNIN & CO..
43-53 Ellis st. .
WANTED — Good all-round man In second-
hand furniture store as salesman and gen-
eral hand; no others reed - apply.' H.
SCHELLHAAS. 403 Eleventh st., Oakland.
WANTED— Bright young man to assist In of-
fice and shipping clerk; Oakland boy pre-
ferred. H. SCHELLHAAS. furniture dealer,
Eleventh St.. Oakland.
WANTED everywhere — Hustlers to tack signs,
distribute circulars, samples, etc.; no canvass-
ing; good pay. Sun Advert. Bureau. Chicago.
WANTED — Experienced fancy goods salesman
for ribbon and glove department; good salary.
Address R. M. & CO.. box 1031. Call office. ,
DETECTIVES — Every ' locality; good salary;
experience unnecessary. International Detec-
tive Agency, Milwaukee. Wls. -
OFFICE boy. 15 or 16 years of age. living with
parents: give references: answer In own
handwriting. Box f 33C3. Call office.
FOR $1500 will sell the beat paying barber shop
and baths in city: lease. S. GORDON, 916
• Market st.. room IS. '
WANTED — Experienced -your; g men for stock
room. Apply Superintendent's office. THE
. EMPORIUM. '¦ _^^
BOYS wanted Immediately to' pare fruit with
. . machine; good wages.. • California Canneries'
Co., 423 Brannan. st. • •.--..-
MAN bedmakcr wanted. NEW ADELAIDE
HOUSE. 614 Howard at. .
BOY wanted of . 14 or 15 -years to learn tha
- - barbering trade. 1328 , Mission Bt.
TWO cornice makers. • McGovem Sheet Metal
Works, 1306 Mission st.
HELP WAyrED-^aiALE—Con.
OPEN TO-DAY
SUNDAY.
• MURRAY & READY.
Phone Main &84S. 634-638 Clay st.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Office half block long; 14 clerks employed:
by our own printing plant we publish a free
bulletin of labor containing every position
segregated under departments ready for dis-
tribution 7 a. m.: also noon and evening
editions; get one free.
• THI3 IS WHAT
MADE US FAMOUS.
W© know no distinction between man and
man.
- ¦ YOU ARB ALL EQUAL.
YOU ARE ALL WELCOME.
1902 we gave " 1903 we'll giv*
1 45,000 men work. 60,000 men work.
We ship you Free to ons
Free to-day. Free to all.
Offden, Utah. ' All parts Nevada.
Los Angeles County, Santa Barbara.
Chatsworth Park. Hawaiian Islands.
Santa Susans, Crayon.
San Fernando, Washington.
Los Angeles County, Central America.
Arizona, WlUlta. Uklah.
And All Points North, East. South.
Including Ogden. Utah.
Carpenters and helpers, plla drivers, fenc*
builders, drillers, single, double and machln*
men, corner and bench hands, muckers,
chuck tenders, car dumpers, teamsters, la-
borers, track men*, cooks, waiters, black-
smiths, etc, $5, $V $3 60, $3. $2 60. $2 day.
Free fare. Frea fare. Fr« fan*.
Everybody talking. Thousands going.
Ar» you? • Are youT Are youT
MURRAY & READY.
634 and 638 Clay at.
COOKS— BIO PAY.
" COOKS— BIO PAY. COOKS— COOKa
26 cooks for harvest and fruit ranches, hay
presses, etc.. $70. $60. $50, $40. $30 fd.; very
few men to cook for, no women there.
« cooks for different mines, $70. $63, $50.
$40 and found.
46 cooks, hotels restaurants, cafe*, stations,
etc., $70. to $40 and found.
WAITERS. r */>•'
82 waiters, different places. Including cafes
and grilla. $45 to $30 and found.
6 bell and elevator boys, city and country
positions, $15 to $30 and found.
9 porters and bedmakers. city and country
positions. $45 to $20 and found.
66 dishwashers city and all parts of Cali-
fornia, S40 to $25 and found.
12 laundryxnen, some faro paid, $S0, $60, $40
' and found. i-
BAKERS. '
8 bakers and helpers, city and country. $65
and $30 and found.
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay at.
GOINO TO FRESNO?
26 laborers. Free Fare — Free.
MURRAY ft READY. 634-630 Clay st.
FREE ONLY 14 MILES AWAY FREE.
10 laborers; you'll suit. $42 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-C38 Clay at.
SPECIAL BY MIDNIGHT
MAIL. PHONE AND TELEGRAPH.
MAN AND WDJ*E.
Man and wife, kitchen and orchard, fare
$1 60, boss here, $60. .
3 hay balers, boss hem fare $1, $4 day fd.
Greenhouse gardener, $50; sheep herder, $25
and found.
2 miners, gold mine, Scandinavians. $90.
iCarpenter, ranch, boss here. $40 found.
Clerk country merchandise store, $400 year
and found.
Cook, fare paid, $40 and found.
SPECIAL.
12 men, warehouse work, faro $1. $3 day.
EXTRA SPECIAL, CITY.
12 laborers, Oakland. $45 found.
Sheet Iron worker, city. $3 day.
Stableman, lumber company, country, $25 fd.
2 cappers, country cannery, $2 day.
Bench capper, country cannery. $2 day.
2 boys, learn tilesetting, city, $32 60.
Milker and wife, JL'olusa County, J3O found.
Waiter, Santa Cruz County cafe, $40 found.
Logway man, also sawyer, south. $90 found
• • LOOK, R. R.— 10c FARE.
12 laborers, track men, $2 25 day.
Laundryman. country Job. $35 found.
Young man. figure up tallies, lumber com-
pany. ?35 a'nd found.
Boy carry U. 8. mail. -
4 young men, help tlfeaetters. $2 day.
Driver and care of horses, bakery wagon.
$30 and found.
Carpenter, factory. 10c fare. $3 day.
2 carpenters, city Job. $3 60 to $4 day.
OREGON— FREE R. R. FARE.
26 laborers, sawmill, boss here. 500.
Edgerman, same place, boss here, $75.
ALSO
Quarryman, Sonoma County. $46 found.
15 fruit pickers. Solano County, fars $1 50.
$30 and found / .'
6 extra waiters, city hotels. $1 80 day fd.
Milker and wife, boss here. $50 and found.
2 caspenters. boas here, free fare. largo lum-
ber company*$75 and found.
Cook Nevada, free fare. B. It.. $50 found.
Slaughter house butcher's ' helper, fare $1,
$30 and found.
Best Places At MURRAY & READY'S.
Best Wages At 634-636 Clay st.
FREE FARE.
85 bridge carpenters, one-year job. north,
$97 60. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay.
BIG NEW GOLD MINE.
25 laborers you'll suit Calaveras County,
$07 50. MURRAY & READY 634-638 Clay.
CARPENTERS — FREE FARE — SOUTH.
Free fare. 05 house carpenters, plain work.
$1C3. MURRAY & READY". 634-636 Clay.
' GOLD. SIVER.
COPPER, COAL.
26 machine miners, southeast mice, $90.
08 single and double hand miners, $90. $S2,
86 timber furnace men, also muckers, $90,
$75.' J6O and found. %t
16 car men for good mines. $45, $60 and fd.
COME AND SEE.
26S laborers, no experience wanted, located
everywhere, $75, $60 and found.
NEW TUNNELS, OLD QUARRIES.
237 single and double hand drillers, also la-
borers, located all over California, $S0, $75,
$60 and found. COME SEE.
FARMS AND DAIRD2S.
33 milkers and butter makers, $40, $35, $30
and found.
180 ranch hands. $45. $30. $26 and found.
THRESHING OUTFITS.
SS men about threshing machines, you'll do,
$45 and found.
20 hay balers, located all over, 20c, 23c ton.
RIG WAOES^-GOOD JOBS.
FOR STABLES. 20 men, $60, $70. $50. $35 fd
FOR CHORES-, 39 men. $35. $30. $20. $13 fd
Coachmen, gardeners, private family men,
sheepherders.
MARRIED HELP "WANTED.
Walter and wife, country, $55 and found, ex-
ceptionally good Job.
8 farmers and wives, cook and wife for mills,
woods, mines, etc., $40. ?30. $80 and found;
come see; WE'LL TELL YOU.
MUST HAVE 'EM.
263 laborers and teamsters, located all orer
California, excavating, milts, factories, grad-
ing, eta. some In San Francisco, $2. $2 60
day. >
BOY8. BOYS. BOYS.
16 boys to learn trades, work In factories,
$5, $6, $7, $9 week.
LOOK AGAIN.
16 brick burners, boss here, $45 and found.
, 12 brick wheelers, boss here. $35 and found.
16 brick Fetters, boss here. $2 SO to $3 day.
26 laborers, brickyard, boss here. $60.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay at.
RAILROAD'S OWN WORK.
154 laborers to lay track and ballast work.
967 50 month.
THEY "WANT YOU. , \
DIAMOND MATCH SYNDICATE 1 OF NEW
YORK— COST $1.
186 teamsters and axmen. $75.
186 laborers, $67 SO.
186 drillers rock, hammensmen $70.
LOOK— NOW— TO-DAY FREE.
2f. HEADERMEN. TUNNEL. FREE FARE,
$82 25.
FACTORY— EXTRA GOOD— $60. . • -
16 laborers: you'll suit: steady Job. near
city. $60.
BORDERS OF OREGON FREE.
25 two-horse teamsters, lumber company.
-*ree fare ?50 and fourtd.
SHASTA AND SISKIYOU COUNTIES.
26 laborers, you'll suit, lumber trust. $72 50.
2 screw setters. $1C5;*15 off bearers. $32 50.
25 laborers, pile lumber, you'll suit. $92 30.
16 crosscutters . forvwoods. $60 and found.
2tf boys for box tictory. anybody will do,
$32 60 and found. \
TUOLUMNE GOLD MINE REGIONS —
FREE.
C5 laborers, anybody will do. R. R. faro free.
$42 and found.
North— GET ABOARD THIS BOAT— Free.
27 laborers, lumber mills, yards, etc., fare
paid $.15 and found up.
AS WE TOLD YOU— TO BUTTE $1.
190 teamsters, laborers and axmen. $75.
FREE— OREGON— FREE.
26 woods and mill men. regular Oregon big
wages— WAGES. '¦
FRUIT PICKING— AS YOU LIKE IT.
55 men, you eat fruit, you can pick fruit,
fare $1 ?2C and found.
ARE YOU A COAL MINER?
¦ 155 coal miners— OREGON— FREE FARE.
WILLITS— UKIAH— FREE FARE. ,
26 teamsters and laborers, others going— Are
>ou? do'you know? free fare
On every ti-aln we ship to S. P. Co.'s own
work. (All. yes» all. divisions.) Laborers,
extra gangs and section hands. Free fare.
SANTA BARBARA BY THE SEA.
155 laborers, free fare. $45 and found.
MURRAY & READY.
:Xti 634-C3C Clay st.
~~7 MECHANICAL. ~~7~~
READ CAREFULLY.
0 bench hands. $3 50; 6 helpers, bench Job,
$60; country Jobs.
10 rough carpenters, fare $3, 6 months' Job,
$75 to $90.
BLACKSMITHS.
34 blacksmiths and helpers, located every-
where, $90 up. ';_•.-¦: •
16 coopers, lie barrel; 2 carriage makers, $1.
' 8 brick molders. $3 50. ¦*" / .
Sandstone quarryman. $3 day up; stone-
mason, country. $60 and found.
BUTCHERS.
- HELP WANTED-- MALE— Con.
6 all-round butchers. $40. $C0. $70 and found.
3 experienced factory butchey, across bay.
8 helpers, slaughter house work, fare $1, $30
aBd MURRAY & READY. C34-63S Clay st.
,, WHERE ARE THEY?
85 LUMBER TRUSTS AND SYNDICATES.
LOCATED IN FOUR STATES.
MANAGERS HERE, TWO TERRITORIES.
FREE— FARE— FREE.
995 laborers, no experience wanted. $35 to
$70 and found.
186 experienced mill and yard men. $40 to
3 ISO and found.
883 woodsmen. $4O to $150 and found.
3$« woodchoppers. tiemakers. shingle, post,
picket and box bolt makers; tools and pro-
vision, found. vx^ RAr & RBADT#
TRUSTS. 634-636 Clay st.
NEW RAILROAD WORK.
183 Italians. FREE FARE.
155 Greeks. ¦ fkee v Axes.
155 Austrians. • FREE FARE.
Board yourselves; manager* at our office;
,ee them. RR^ Y & ready, 634-635 Clay st.
FARE PAID— MANAGER HERe!
/CI-5^%?™ a MINEg OOOD MINE*.
16 machine miners. Umbermen. $30
25 mingle and double hand miners. W 2^
65 laborer*!* no experience wanted. JbO
Mine located north; manager here- fare paid.
MURRAY A READY. 634 and fag Clay at.
»OOK. LOOK. LOOK.
65 GREEKS— PORTUGUESE. $>3 and fd.
For a. large American lumber trust, located
north! Humboidt: any laborer can do It In
thoVoods. You'll suit. General manager at
our office; sea him ttt>tt» vAtttr
«nn< pipp LOOK. Fiuii** iTAJtiu.
M^^lY^RgAD^eM and 63* CUy st.
BE WISE— GO TO EL-D—
25 laborers about mills; you^r faro $1, wage*
-Sci5ftATyB-APT. 634 and 636 Clay at.
A TRIMMER to make himself *«£*"/„ ""ff^l
In merchant tailor store. J. GORDAN. 11-4
Market st. •
EXPERIENCED operators on I** 11 !? 9 '-^ 0 *]'",
and suits. D. M. DAVIDSON & CO.. 0-
Flrst st. ,
WANTED— Stock boy from 15 to 17 years of
age. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS'. '
GOOD strong; boy wanted. United States Laun-
dry, Sixteenth and Valencia sta.
MIDDLE-AGED or elderly man to car* for 2
horseo. 119 Tenth at.
UNDER Dressers wanted on Testa. 8. N.
WOOD A CO.. 27 Peary St. §
BUSHELMAN. pressers and cleaner. California
Clothing Renovatory. 237 O'Farrell.
BOY to learn grocery business; ref. Call bet. C-
8 p. m. to-day, cor. Ellis and Webster sts.
"WANTED— A good cook for a small restaurant.
Inquire 52 Eighth at.
EXPERIENCED layer-off: steady. CARSON*
GLOVE CO.. 123 Second St. >
EXPERIENCED salesman for a merchant
tailor store. J. GORDAN. 1124 Market st.
6TRONO boy wanted to assist pVarter; «tat«
wages ejected. Box 1014. Call office.
COATMAKER for country. REIS3 BROS. A
CO.. 2i Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS^ book salesmen; biff money to
right parties. Box 3364. Call office.
ASSISTANT waiter waited; $15 per month and
found. 2723 Suttcr st.
DISHWASHER wanted; small restaurant; $13
per month and found. 2723 Sutter st. ,
WANTED — Office boy: wholesale house. Apply
Monday 8 -a~ m.. 80O Fourth at.
WANTED — By a firm manufacturing linen
poods and carrying atock In , New York, a
commission agent residing In ' San* Franctsco
who would sell the Paclflo Coast and east to
Denver; must have knowledge of linens and
have good references: person having already
a white goods account preferred. Apply, glv-"
ing particulars, box 4633. Call office.
WANTED — Up-to-date, all-around reporter. who
can assist In editorial - ork. write shorthand
and run a typewriter. Write at once, giving;
fafernces and wages required to MARK II.
PLAISTED, Evening Democrat. Fresno, Cal.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 per
pair, foot-form shoes at $2 50. or orthopedic
shoes, $3 RO; best shoes on enrth. 11 Third
at.. Examiner building. B doors from Market.
GOVERNMENT positions — Examinations soon;
write for free circular 14. giving rartoua po-
aitions. salaries, etc Polytechnic Busln«sa
College. Oakland. Cal.
A MAN of Indomitable energy and push, a good
talker, eager to make money. F. PERSON.
477 and 4S3 Parrott building.
"WANTED — Experienced furniture- salesman.
Apply Superintendent's office, THE EMPO-
RIUM.
WANTED — Youns man who Is experienced in
cloaks and suits to go to a city not far
from San Francisco; state age. experience
and salary expected. Apply box 1010. Call.
GOVERNMENT Civil Service examinations win
soon be held In every State; full Information
and sample questions free on request. Co-
lumbian Corres. College. Washington. D. C
BOYS wanted te> work during tha Grand. Army
convention: good wages and easy work. Ap-
ply at 607 Market st. <
WANTED — Experienced silk salesman; good
wages; references required. Address M.. box
8360. Call office.
TRY our men's chocs, union made, at $1 pair;
f cot-form shoes at $2 SO; we • pay express or
mall charges. 11 Third st.. Examiner bids.
WANTED— Cash boys at STRAUS3 & FROH-
MAN'S. 107 Post st.
PANTSMAKER for Merced; steady work; good
wages. P. GREENBERG & CO., Flood bid*.
WANTED — Bright young man of good address,
between 17 and 19 years of ag*. to learn th»
dry goods business. Apply between 9 and
11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED— By a large tailoring establishment,
a first-class cutter of experience, ability and
pleasing personality; must have good char-
acter and habits: the position affords a good
salary: this Is a splendid opportunity for th«
right kind of a man. Address box 3349. Call.
WANTED — Young man who Is an experienced
dry goods wrapper. Apply batween 9 and IX
• a. m. at. HALE BROS".'
"WANTED — A solicitor for an old-established,
Job printing house; liberal sala— ' to a hostler.
Adrdees box 3343. Call office,
WANTED — First-class pressman on platea
presses. FORD. EMTTH ft LITTLE CO..
Los Angeles.
WANTED — Good man as salesman; preferably
acquainted with wholesale paper business;
good salary for right man. Box 811. Call,
BOT ' wantfd. 233 Kearny st.
WANTED — For the V. S. Marino Corps. . able-
bodied, unmarried men. between 21 and .15:
good character: must speak, read and writs I
English: marines serve at sea on men-of-war
In all parts of the world, on land in our isl-
and possessions, and at naval stations In th»
United States. Apply at recruiting office. 40
Ellis st., San Francisco. Cal.: 222 X% N. Main,
St.. Los Angeles. Cal.. and 401 K. st., Sacra-
mento. Cal. . >
PICK HOPS — Excursion to El Robles ranch, oa
Russian River, fixed for August 13 only. In-
¦ etead of August 25. aa previously advertised;
call Immediately for El Robles tickets; fami-
lies and young peopl* preferred: heavy crops;
excellent pay: beautiful camps: plenty amuse.
* ments. E. CLEMENS IIORST COMPANY,
122 Battery *t. S. F. .
WANTED— Educated young man to learn our
business and take responsible position when
qualified; $900 per year; first-class references
required. Stoddard Lectures, 210 Examiner
buildlne.
BARBER shop for sale; two chairs, one new
revolving; .". living rooms: biff yard: no rea-
sonable offer refused: owner leaves for coun-
try; snap. S92 Dolores st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, hits
added 10O new rooms to the Denver House
217 Third st.f 250 rooms; 25c per night.
WANTED — Rough carpenters and laborers
Apply room 14. 26 Montgomery st., San
Francisco Construction Company.
TRY eur men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair-
foot-form shoes at £2 SO; we pay express or
mall charges. 11 Third st.. Examiner bid**.
BOY about 15 years for men's furnisrhlns
store. 424 Kearny.
COATMAKER for country. REI3S BROS &
CO.. 24 Sutter st. "
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition in S F
Barber School. 741A Howard at.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen tor EnroDe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart at.
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoeV
50c op; soling cheap. 923 Howard at!? nr £h!
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. room 40 Phel^T*.
Vdg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas PoVC Q. v'r'
w t£ CI -£f 'K» Hot £ I - 4i , Thlni «•• "«"¦
feet — .00 rooms, 3oc night- readlnz rnnr^i.
free 'bus and baggage to^wd 7rom ferry?
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription^
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fuimn^
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement. .JZ
MEETINGS — SPJfPAY— Continued.
DR W R PRICE, of International fame as
orator author, scientist and philospher. lec-
tures* under the auspices of the Psychic Re-
March Society, this evening at 8 o clock.
Memorial Hall. Odd Fellows' building; sub-
ject. "Love," with demonstrations In practi-
cal psychology: admission 10c.
MME "SOUNG'S convincing and beneficial
demonstration of spirit return and lmmotal-
lty of soul to-night; 10c 619 McAllister,
readings dally^ ;
MRS. WERMOUTH and Dr. Cowan' a spiritual
meeting; K p. m. Odd Fellows' bldg., corner
Seventh and Market eta.
CARLE'S grand test seance to-night. 1052
Ellis Et.: 25c j
MRS STODDARD'S seances 10c; grand convin-
cing tests to all; Sun..Tufa.; sittings. 273 9th.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sit. dally: test to all every night; 10c.
KATIE HEUSSMANN. 909 Market. Oolanthe
Hall, to-night; spiritual messaged; ad. free.
MRS. T. EBERHARDT. spiritual test meeting,
8 p. m. 3250 22d. bet. Val. & Mission; 10c.
W G KEEGAN holds a test meeting to-night,
10c; Bitting*. 10 to 12 and 1 to 5.
MRS. VIGARS: eplritual test meeting to-
nlght. 10c. 143 tth st.. room 32.
NOTE Prof. Fred P. Evans' arrival and address
under head of Spiritualism.
/meeting notices.
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. 2. .tfjSaSSfr,
I O O F.— Members of the de-^aSggSui
gree team will assemble in hall -^?|*«g?
of California Lodge No. 1. MON-^J?**™*,.
DAY EVENING. Aug. 17, to drill in the
third degree. W. B. CURTIS. D. M.
GREAT Scotch gathering— Clan Fra- j^5»
eer> p!rnic at Schuetren Park AD- t^ffJ
MISSION DAY. Sept. 'J. This will ViSS^C'V.
be the outdoor event of the aeaaon; '^. s v\
new. novel and amusing events, in- Jf^ST
eluding football and walking "^ 3
matches, etc; dancing all day In the largest
pavilion on the Pacific Coast. Tickets, ln-
i eluding R. R. fare. 50c; children. 25c.
WILLIAM CORMACK, Chief.
A. KING. Secretary.
ST. ANDREWS Society — OpcBv r^v.
meeting MONDAY EVENING. qkiXl
Aug 17, anniversary of the birth
of Sir WALTER SCOTT. *=^^*
1 UNITED STATES Veteran Navy. Phelps
Squadron No 12. meets MONDAY EVEN-
INGS at 8 o'clock on board U. 8. 8.
Marian. Folsom No. 2; ellglbles Invited to
attend. ,
THE annual meeting of th» atockholders, jot
the Pacific Undertakers will be held at nl
Mission St., San Francisco, on MONDAY,
August 24, 1903, at S:30 p. m.. for the elec-
tion of directors for the ensuing year and
the transaction of such other business as
may come before the meeting. Transfer
books will close on Thursday. Aurust 20.
By order of the board of directors.
M. C. GORHAM. Secretary.
AGENTS WASTED,
WANTED — An established Chicago corporation
wants a manager and general agent for Its Pa-
cific Coast branch, located at San Francisco.
Must possess executive ability and unques-
tioned integrity; must have had selling ex-
perience and be able to Invest some capital.
Address, with references, experience and par-
j v tlculars. P. O. box 193^ Chicago. 111. .
BEGIN business for yourself; stop working for
others. We etart you In profitable mall or-
der business at your home. Pleasant work;
Immense proflta; unlimited possibilities. Full
Information for stamp. FRANKLIN-HOW-
i ARD CO.. Denver. Colo.
EXCELLENT opportunity la offered to a man
of character and ability who can sell first-
class Government bonds for monthly install-
ments without risk. Apply Rlalto bldg.,
rooms 405-407.
"HOW to earn one hundred dollars In thirty
roJnutes"; no canvassing, no selling; any-"
where In California. Send name and address
to Secretary, room 202, Spreckels Annex, San
Francisco. / .
AGENTS — Send 20c In stamps for the handsome
"Blue Leaf Ouota of Bible Quotations and
Selections." ' Agents are selling thousands of
them. W. P. SMITH & CO., box 1539, Provl-
dence. R. I.
AGENTS wanted everywhere to handle "Novel-
ty Sign Cards" ; every merchant buys from 10
to 100 on sight; 6C0 varieties; catalogue free.
Sullivan Co., 1139 Maplewood ave.. Chicago.
WANTED — Lady or gentleman solicitor for
Job printing; liberal commission. Box' 3378,
Call office. |
: AGENTS— A new money-maker. F. PERSON,
477 and 478 Parrott. building.
ATTORXEYS-AT-LAW.
ROBT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid.,
rm. 611; all cases, damages, estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc.; consultation
free; no advance charge*; call or write; even-
ings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost In meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probate and all other law
cases; no fees In advance; open every even-
Ing. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market St.. r. 31.
ADVICE free: divorces a speclalty;quicjt,quiet;
no charge without success; established 15 yra.
G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market st.. opp. Hale' a.
ADVICE free, all cases. R. C. ADAMS, room
31C. third floor. Examiner building.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket St.; consultation free; no fees In advance.
AITKEN. & AITKEN. attorneys, rs. 309-10-11
• Clunle bldg.. 603 California at.; tel. Main 727.
II1RDS DOGS, ETC.
YOUNG talking parrots,*5 each;German singing
canaries, $2; we will try to please you;every-
thing In our line at right prices. 1540 Market.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A — 1600; COUNTRY bakery, with chop house.
In Calaveras County: 11 vine: rooms; no op-
position; a splendid chance for baker or cook.
R. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny st.
A^JSOO; SALOON, with 10 furnished rooms;
place surrounded by breweries and malt-
houses; rent $40; a good business, but dis-
agreement of three partners is cause of sale;
lease. Call R. G. WILKE, 26V6 Kearny st.
A — ¥1226; CORNER saloon in wholesale dis-
trict; estab. many years and known as a
first-class, paying business. See R. G.
. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $325; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon, on
Third St.; rent $30; average daily receipts,
$18: a bargain-. R. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny.
ARD you trying to sell your business 7 Well,
See H. W. WILFORD.
Business Agent,
S Taylor st., cor. Golden Gate ave.
$600— RESTAURANT. —$600
A regular mint; Belling to-day; rent only $35.
•WILFORD. 3 Taylor st.
BUY December wheat; send for our free book-
let; enormous profits will be realized by the
buyers of December wheat; conditions of th«-
wbeat market offer unusual advantages for
successful dealing and those who take advan-
tage of opportunities thus offered will realize
highly satisfactory results. Our booklet tells
you all about our methods of dealing and
clearly explains the wonderful advantages
and possibilities of marginal Investments. No
matter what your position or occupation, this
booklet will prove highly Interesting and
profitable to you. Experience, on your part,
is unnecessary and large capital Is not re-
quired. Wt handle your deals and keep you
fully Informed as to the progress of your ac-
count for a very small charge. Do not fall
to Investigate our methods. It costs you
nothing and may be the means of your realiz-
ing a fortune. Delmar Grain Co., Suite 11,
Granite Block. St. Louis, Mo.
MANAGER wanted — A national concern with
headquarters tn New York would like to cor-
respond with men of ability who are capable
of establishing branch office and managing
a large business on salary f>asis. They must
be hustlers, strictly trustworthy, well edu-
cated and able to Invest from $3000 to $5000
In a thoroughly established, successful and
legitimate business; references exchanged.
Box 400. C17 Sixth ave.. New York.
$20 EARNS $1000 IN ONE MONTH.
This represents average profits for. past 7
months; no oil wells, gold mines, grain or
stocks; a straightforward, honorable buMress
proposition, coming from an established cor-
poration with $100,000 capital; national bank
references. Write for particulars. Star &
Crescent Co.. 226-228 La Salle St., Chicago.
$350 — SNAP; roadside house of 10 rooms; all
furnished; good bar and well stocked; fine
trade; 2 years' lease; must be seen to be ap-
preciated; located on San -Lcandro and Hay-
wards road. 2 blocks cast of High st.; "Hotel
Belve," E. Fourteenth and Harrison ave ,
Alameda Co.. Cal., Owner going to Alaska.
WANTED— In cattle or ptu-t o business, good
openings for experienced man; best refer-
ences; some capital; can take charge of
ranch or range and if property or company
has a Good future ran secure more capital
Box 3360, Call office.
WANTED — To rent, by young-man of good ed-
ucatlon, good character, with sufflcVnt
j means, good dairy ranch, farm or vineyard:
either cash or shares; give particulars- no
agent. Box 3319. Call office.
THE best business in the Mission; stationery
utore. near 7 schools, for what It will invoice
for; $3T>O for a business at 3fi0l Army at.
P. COFFIN . 3303 Mission at.
WANTED — To buy a-bushellng shop or small
tailor store; must be a bargain. Box 336*.)
Call office. .-
FOR sale— Saloon to manufacturing district;
bargain. 733 Castro st., between 10 and 12.
CHCRCH SERVICES.
CENTRAL Church (Methodist Episcopal), Mis-
sion *t., between Sixth and Seventh — Pastors,
Arthur H. Briggs and Herbert F. BrlcRS.
:>:30 a. m.. Sunday-school. Rolla V. Watt.
Fuperintendent; 11 a. m.. Ffrmon 'by Arthur
H. HriggF subject •'The Christian View of
War." Music— Anthem. "O Thou Art Af-
flicted" (I>uck), choir; off ertory.i soprano solo,
"The Choir Invisible" (Jones), Mrs. R. H.
Ilcbb. «:15 p. m.. Societies of Christian
Endeavor: 7:30 p. m.. concert. Programme
— Overture, "The Bridal Feast" (Gruenwald),
orchestra; cornet nolo. "Ave Maria" (Scmi-
b?rt) Dr. M. N. Caliender; vocal duet, se-
lected Miss Tooley and Mr. Hanna; selection.
"Slrllietta" (Von Blow), orchestra; violin
polo. ••Romance." from second concerto
(Wicnlawtkl). Oharks E. Robson; "Reces-
rlonal March" (Hardy), orchestra. 8 p. m..
fcrmon by Herbert F. BrtggB. The seats
are free and the people are welcome.
SIMPSON . Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner Hayes and Buchanan »ts.—
Rev. John Stephens, the pastor, will preach
at 11 a. m. on "The Acu of the Risen
Christ." and at 7:45 p. m. on "The Grand
Army and Its Service to the Republic
"'Chorus choir I. E. Blske. director. Sunday-
nchool at 12:30 p. m.. C. B. Perklne. super-
intendent. Epworth League at «J:45 p. m..
Dr. R. O. Moody, president. The public in-
vited to all the services of this church.
GRACE Church (MethodlFt0£Pl«copsJ), corner
Twenty-flrst and Capp Bts.. Rev. F. M. Lar-
kln. Ph D., pastor— Pervlc«, 11 a. m. and
7:45 p. 'm. Morning subject. '•The Duty of
Pleasure," In the evening a G. A. R. ser-
vice, epeclal mufic. address. "The Love of
the Flag." All Invited.
CALD7X>RNIA St. Methodist Church, corner
California and Broderick sts.— The subject
of Rev Clarence Reed at 11 a. m. will be
"Jetus ClvriEt, the Savior of the World." At
7:45 p. m.. "The Imperatives of Christ."
Strangers are cordially Invited.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Jack-
eon end nilmore Bts.. Rev. John Hemphlll.
D.D., pastor — Morning service at 11 o'clock.
ffrmon topic. "The Kvolution of the Messi-
anic Idea." Evening service at 7:45 o'clock,
6ermon topic. "Signs of Promise and Hope."
The pastor will preach at both services.
Sabbath-school at !»:30 a. m.. orchestral
music. Christian Endeavor meeting at 6:30
p. m. Prayer meeting Wednesday evening
at 8 o'clock. All are cordially invited.
FIRFT Presbyterian Church. Van Shi ave.
and Sacramento et.. Rev. William Kirk Guth-
rie, pastor — Morning service, 11 o'clock, sub-
ject, "The Question of the Scornful." Even-
lcg eervice, 7:45 o'clock, subject, "The Un-
pralsed Richness of Our Common Life." The
lia*tor will preach at both services. Sab-
»*th-»chool, 12:30 p. ro. ; Christian Endeavor.
*5:15 p m. Wednesday, 8 p. m.. midweek
fien-ice, leader Rev. W. K. Guthrie. All are
cordially Invited. _____
CT. JOHN'S Presbyterian Church, corner Cal-
ifornia and Octavla sts. — Rev. George G.
Eldredge. pastor. Morning service at 11
o'clock. Evening service at 7:45 o'clock.
Sunday -school at 9:45 a. m. Christian En-
deavor Society, vacation. Prayer meeting
Wednesday evening at S o'clock.
CXXTARXAH Church (First). EW. corner
Geary and Franklin sts. — Rev. Bradford
Leavitt, minister. Rev. Bradford Leavltt and
Charle* A. Murdock. superintendents of Sun-
day-school. The Sunday-school and Junior
church are at 1<> o'clock. The morning serv-
tce lc at 11 o'clock. THE FIFTIETH AN-
NIVERSARY OF PILGRIM SUNDAY-
SCHOOL will b* celebrated by a special serv-
ice at 11 o'clock. Rev. Bradford Leavltt
will deliver the nddress. All friends of the
Ffhool are FpeciaJly invited. There is no
evening service.
UNITARIAN Church (Second), corner Twen-
tieth end Carp Ft?, (take Mission or Valencia
Ft. car.)— Rev. Jay William Hudson, minister;
resident*. KK) Capp Et. The'tnornlng service
Is at 11 o'clock. Mr. Hudson will deliver the
i=econd cf the series of tcrmons on "Great
Thoughts of Greece:" his subject being. "A
Preachment From Plato." Music by orches-
tra and choir, directed by Jabish Clement.
The Sunday pchool is at 9:45; Mr. W. C.
Maxwell, superintendent. There is no even-
ing service.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post
and Mason st«. — Rev. George C. Adams. D.
D.. pastor, has returned from his vacation
and will preach at both services. At 11 a.
m.. topic. "A Desert Place Apart." At 7:43
p. m., topic, "A Delayed Missionary Inter-
ert." All are cordially Invited.
rLYMOUTH Congregational Church. Po6t Ft.,
rear Webster— Rev. I. C. Meserve, D. D.. pas-
tor. Morning worship at 11; sermon theme,
"Come." C. E. mating at 6:45 p. m. Even-
ing worship at 7:43. In the evening the pas-'
tor will deli\-er the second in a series of
jK>pulax nertnons in Illustration of the First
Psalm, the topic for the evening being, "The
Law-Abiding Man." Miss Dorothy Goodsell
will sir.g the beautiful soprano solo. "Come
Unto Me," from Handel's oratorio of "The
Messiah." *
THIRD Congregational Church. Fifteenth,
near Mission — Rev. William Rader. pastor,
will preach at both pervicts. At 11 a. m.,
"The Vision and the Struggle." At 7:45 p.
tn.. "General V. R. Grant, the Genius of the
Cause of the Ncrth."
TRINITY Church, corner Bush and Gough
Ktret-u, Sunday cervices: 7:30 a. m., holy
communion; 0:30 a. m., Sunday school; 11:00
a. m.. Morning prayer, hcly communion and
sermon; 4:00 p. m.. evening prayer and
ntueical recital. F. W. Claropett. rector;
Clifton Macon. curate.
FIKST Baptist Church. 320 liday st. — Preach-
ir.g by members of the Grand Army at 11
a. m. by Rev. J. 8. James of Pennsylvania
on "The Hero of History" and at 7:30 p. m. by
Rev. C. J. Thompson, chaplain Department
of California and Nevada, en "The Oid Story
E\-er New." Bible School at 12:30. Y. P. S.
C. E. at 6:30. Prayer meeting on Wednes-
day at 7:45 p. tn. Seats free and all lnvlt-
fd. egpeclally members of the Grand Army.
ADVENT Christian Church. 1709 Church~~sT7
near Twenty-ninth — Elder D. R. Mansfield of
Chicago will address both Eerviees, 11 a. m.
and 7:30 p. m. A cordial Invitation to all.
FIRST Church of Christ, Scientist, Central
block. 223 Sutter rt.. bet. Kearny and Grant
ave.— Christian Science service at 11 a. m.-
eubject of lesson -sermon. "Mind." Sunday
school for children at the name hour; Wednes-
day evening meeting at 8 o'clock; free read-
ing room. 206 Kearny st., rooms C09-510; all
are welcome.
A GRI^AT meeting for men only will be held
this (Sunday) afternoon at 5 o'clock In the
Young Men's Christian Association audito-
rium. Mason and Ellis eta. The address will
be given by Rev. Frank K. Baker. Sub-
ject. "Is the Toting .Man Safe In the Social
World?" Mr. er.d Mrs. Baker, the blind
evangelists, will $ing, and all men are In-
vited. •
THE Theosophlcal Society, Golden Gat» Lodge
— Free public lectures every Sunday, 8 p. m..
Flood bldg., 809 Market «t. Subject to-r.lght,
"Ia Life Worth Living?" by G. R. Thomp-
son. Cremation service orer remalna o* Mrs
J. C. Barber. 1 :30 p. m. to-day. Odd Fe'lowa'
Crematory, -sjg^'it
THE Theoforhlcal Society— Col. H. S. Olcott.
prwldent-founder. Headquarters. Odd Fel-
' lows' building. Public lecture at 8 p m by
Dr. Jeronfs A. Anderson; subject, "The End
of the World." Lotus Group, 11 a. m. Study
claws. Thursday. 2:30 p. m.
HERMETIC Brotherhood— Open meetings. 609
Van Ness ave.. Thursday evening, 8 o'clock.
The Rev. K. Hori, Fupertntendent of the
Buddhist Mission, will epeak on Buddhism
and ita law. ¦ ?; *.<z
SUXDAY LECTCRES.
AA— DR. J. DEPEW KERGAN'S free lecture
thl* evening. Crystal Hall. Pythian Castle
•J09 Market rt. Subject, "How to Die " fou
lowed by fine illustrations of War and Peace-
free tlcketa will b© distributed for X-Rar
exhibition at Sanitarium Tuesday evening'
remember the question box; special music
HENRY FRANK— This noted teacher, orator
and lecturer^ will arrive In San Francisco
about the 20th. For Information concerning
limited classes In psychology, address V IC
GIBBE. PS2 Page at. "
°o X - °^ LOW yrlU dellver * lectore »a GoWwx
Gato Hall (uustalrs). 629 Sutter st/ this
evening at 8 p. m. nharp; subject. "Thought
and Success." Good music and a vocal aolo.
% Admlsglon ia free.
6WAMI TRIGUNATITA will deliver bis third
lecture on •The Real and Beneficial Explan-
ation cf the Bible" to-night. 8 o'clock. 40
Etelner Bt. Admission 25c; Vedanta Society.
* E V.?V^J RATI0N " of Trutn7"~THADDEUS
F. r RITZ of Forward Movement, 11 a mA
7:30 p. m.. Occidental Hall. Supreme Court
I'Ulldlng, Larkln and McAllister sta.
J. J. MORSE of England— Inspirational lecture
to-nlrht at 8. Welcome Hall Odd Fellows'
building. Subject. "Man; His Purpose and
Destiny." Admission. 25c.
PEOPLE'S Spiritual Church. Sundays, 8pm
Elks' Hall. 223 Sutter and 220 Grant ave'
Paetor Mre. Anna L. Glllesple; all welcome.
DR. McIVOR-TYNDALL talks on "The Mas-
tcry of Fate" to-night. Ftelnway Hall. 223
Sutter rt. ; psychic demonstrations follow.
MR. and MRS. G. E. BURNELL wUl lecture
to-day, 3 p. m.. at Academy of Sciences
building. Subject. "All Is Good." Free.
F. G. DE STONE. M. D. Lecture Sunday 8
p. m.. Golden Gate Hall. Sutter st. Subject.
"Negattlvenet-s." All are welcome.
'"NOW" lecture. Henry Harrison^ Brown.
"Plums." Odd Fellows' bldg.. 8 p. m. sharp.
« MEBTIKS^— SUADAY. <- ' ~
TESTS. 909 Market, II a. m.. Miss Florence
Morse, of London. Inspirational lecture; clair-
voyant messages; on tour of world; series;
2 end "i'.ZO; Mrs. Tobias. Mr. Wilson; 10c.
RETURNED. *
Mrs. 3. J. Whitney, trance clairvoyant, busi-
ness medium and life reader. 416 Turk st.,
rocm 2, first floor (Hotel Ileglna).
BUSINESS CII ANCES—-Contlnned.
$400— CHICKEN ranch. 400 chickens, brood
house, chicken houses for sale; to rent, 1%
acres, 5-room house and barn; rent $10 per
month; lease for 5 years; a good paying gro-
cery store running and dcing a good bust-
ness. ELROD & HULL, near Fruitvale sta-
tlon. _^ r
FOR sale — Corner grocery and bar; running 9
years; with lot 25x100; and Improvements; a'
store and 2-story cottage of 6 rooms and
bath. NW. cor. Twenty-first and Douglass.
STEADY, reliable man as office assistant;
permanent place; $90 month guarantee)!; $200
cash required. 1007% Market, nr. Cth. r. ' 1.
OFFICE and business man to buy half Interest
in machine works; pays good salary and
dividends. Box 3372. Call office.
FOR $1 will send valuable formula for rheuma-
tism, used many years successfully by physi-
cians. P. O. box 6. Los Angeles, Cal.
FOR sale — Grocery store; splendid location;
business can be doubled In a year by right
party. Box 1035, Call office,
j $2000 — GOOD saloon on Kearny st. ; owner go-
Ing to Europe. Box 3301, Call office.
A bakery; delicacy? all. store trade; $25 a day;
price $lS00; no agents. 71S McAllister st.
1 FOK any kind of business, city or country, get
1 our list. MOSSMAN. S50 Market st.
$3200— ESTABLISHED bakery, with 2 storea,
4 living rooma, barn, bokeoven, tools, horse,
wagon; on corner; lot 60x100. Box 8339,
Call office.
FOR sale — Good harness shop in a prosperous
town; Northern California; Inquire at once.
L. D. STONE & CO., 417 Market at.
FOR sale — Upholstering and carpet cleaning
business; good trade; sickness cause of sell-
Ing. Box 3307. Call office. '
RESTAURANT; seating 62; snap; no Sunday
work; departure^ fe66 Fourth st. ¦
FOR sale — A few shares of Paclflo States Tele-
phone. stock. Box 8305.' Call office.
GOOD saloon for sale. Box 3308. Call office.
Halrdress'ns parlors ;cheap -.value ln~Bight; goM
location; retiring. 11K Market, bet. 7th-Sth.
FIRST-CLASS bakery for sale in country town.
Address box 605, Call office, Oakland.
FOR «&le — Saloon stock and fixtures. 117
. City Hali ave.
OUTSIDE route No. 4 this paper for sale.
Inquire hardware store. 19th and Folsom sts.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
ATTENTION, O.— A.— R. I
H. C. DECKER.
LINCOLN POST NO. 1— Dept. Calif. & Nevada
906 MARKET, COR. STOCKTON.
PHONE JOHN 631. . v-
neadquarters for Real Estate, Rooming Houses,
Hotels, New Apartment Houses, Flats
and Private Homes.
Having been in this business for more than
twenty-seven years, I am In a position to sell
ycrh a place at Us actual value. MONEY
LOANED ON ANY HOUSE. TITLES GUAR-
ANTEED. SEE FOLLOWING BARGAINS:
GAINS :
14 Rooms, exchange for larger house.... $ 500
17 Rooms. 9 rooms furnished; snap 600
8 Rooms, Leavenworth St., reduced to.. 500
36 Rooms, choice location, Oakland 3.200
12 Rooms, Geary st. ; choice transient.... 400
42 Rooms, sunny corner: rent $100 8.200
80 Rooms, Sunny bay-window corner.... 2.8C0
26 Rooms. Mission and Cth St.; snap.... 1,900
12 Rooma, Taylor st. ; transient only 700
CO Rooms, Market St.; offices, permanent. 5,500
52 Rooms, part houses, long lease 2,000
8 Rooms, cost $1000; a beauty; reduced. 750
18 Rooms, newly furnished, long lease:.. 1,200
H. C. DECKER. 900 Market St., Cor. Stockton.
100 ROOMS; house for men; rent $140. .. .$4000
6S rooms; south of Market; rent $100. 2000
24 rooma; corner; part cash; bal. easy. 830
II rooms; good Income; rent $20 350
21 rooms; water- front; rent $40; lease. 650
120 rooms; good lease; low rent.. 6500
67 rm:: apartments; Western Add; rent 250
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, rcadhouses. flats, 5 to 100 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny at. ,
25-ROOM house; north of Market: five min-
utes from Kearnv and Market; all newly
furnished: .open plumbing; gas and electric
light; baths: three years' lease; direct cars
to ferry. Cliff House and park; sudden death
fn family caus: of eale; no agents. Box
3371. Call.
A BARGAIN this week; forced sale; 34 rooms;
Market St.. central; all rented- first floor of-
fices, clearing $175; only $2400: easy terms.
PETERSEN & YARSEN. 1035 Market, rm. 1.
$650— ELEGANT colonial flat of 5 r. and b. ;
beautifully furn.; all new and up to date;
cost over $1000; piano cost $350 alone; must
sell. Petereen & Larson. 1035 Market, rm. 1.
$400 — HOUSE. 12 sunny rooms; good furniture,
piano, aewlng machine; big yard, stable:
rent $35, including water. 1533 Buchanan.
$365 WILL buy 12-room boarding-house; large <
yard; sunny all the day; bargain. 41S Lar-
kin Et.
$800 ONLY — 12 rooms; new furniture; rent
cheap; must leave city. 78S Biish Bt., rear.
20- ROOM lodging-house and paloon; steady
-roomers; low rent; lease. Box 3373, Call.
jl&OO— 35 ROOMS, half block from Market St.;
clears f 12O month. Box 1030. Call office.
$2100—20 ROOMS; rent $125; clears over $100;
snap. MOSSMAN. 850 Market st.
NEWLY furnished house of 15 roome; owner
leaving city. ftlO Taylor st. v
SPIRITUALIS5I.
/
ARRIVED — Professor Fred P^ Evana, world-
famed psychic; Indorsed by the president of
the National Association of Spiritualists, also
by the leading Spiritual occult and psycholog-
ical Journals and societies of the world. Prof.
Evans has 6pent the past Fix years In New
York City; Interviewed by Its most Intelligent
and critical Investigators and securing In ilkit.
city an enviable reputation. Prof. Evans Is
not a stranger In San Francisco, having prac-
ticed his gifts In this city (prior to his East-
ern visit) since March, 1S85, meeting with the
prcatost success ever attained 'by any psychic
In California. Those seeking: fortune tellers
need not consult Prof. Evans. Interviews
may be arranged for on and after August 19,
at his office. 1112 Eddy st.. near Octavla.
A — ETHEL CRINDLE. materializing seance
Sunday e\-e.. 60c. 1115 Post St.. 8 p. m. sharp.'
KATIE HEUSSMAN, circle Friday evening,
25c: sittings. 1000, Harrison St.. cor. Sixth.'
MRS. WINCHESTER, trance medium. 1WK)
Clay Ft.; circles Sunday. 8; Tuesday, 2 p. m.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance clairvoyant,
business medium and life reader. 416 Turk.
EDWARD EARLE, 1052 Ellis, readings dally,
9:30 to 4; teancea Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— CALL AT ONCE AND SAVE $2
My Regular $3 Reading This Week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $i
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make you no charge If I fall to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for; I promise
to tell you whether husband, wife or sweet-
heart Is true, or false; to tell whom and when
you will marry; In fact. I will tell you every
hope, fear or ambition better than you can tell
yourself. He restores lost affections, reunites
; the separated, causes speedy and happy mar-
riages, makes you successful and prosperous,
cures disease and Io6t vitality without medi-
cine, locates hidden treasures; hours 10 a. m. to
8 p. m.; Sundays 2 to 8. 326 O'Farrell St.. 326.
MME. M. BERNARD, • THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner
- bldg. ; ahe reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals tha
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; If you are In trouble, dls.
: contented or not satisfied In life, or have do-
mestic. lov e or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be told how to
overcome, them; valuable advice In all affairs
of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
ings by mail. Tel. Black 4569. V
CASHMIRE. ; '
THE WIZARD OF THE ORIENT.
Trance medium, clairvoyant and palmist; ad-
vises on love, law, busines?, speculation and In-
vestments; as a test in the readings she will
tell your full name, address and occupation;
she reunites the separated, causea'a speedy and
happy marriage with the one you love; in fact,
she advises on all troubles pertaining to hu-
man nature: locatesv hidden treasures -and
mines. 1007% Market >t.. bet. 6th and 7th.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
*t.. cor. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a.
uf. to B p. m. : readings by mat! as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered,' $1;
full life, $6; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth; don't send currency. Send postofflce,
W>lls-Fargo meney order cr registered letter.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
osd sight: tells the past, present and future:
ladies, 60c; gf-nta. $1; by cards, . palmistry
and clairvoyant sitting; $1 60. 126 Turk st
Mrs. A. H. Kronenberg, .palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading, 10c. for
a short time only; when others fail try me to
convince yourself. 402 Franklin, near Grove.
MISS D. WARD, high psychic, clairvoyant,
palmist; tells life cradle to grave; 50c, by
mail or person. 217 Eddy St., room. 9. . , .
FREE — Your fortune told; nothing.' but the
truth: send .1 2-cent " stamps and blrthdatc.
DR. BEST. 665. Chicago. :
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice:
names given; 25c up. S 4th st, near Martet.VICTIMS OP JOHN" BTJSCH,
THE FOOTPAD, ACCTtrMTJTJLTE
He Is Identified by the Fifth, John
Malatesta, a Dupont-Street
* f " Baker.
The victims of John Busch, former con
vict and present footpad, are accumulat
ing. Four of them— Michael Claraty,
Alonzo Trueworthy, A. J. Sbarboro and
Frank O'Donnell— identified him at the
City Prison on Friday, and yesterday
morning John Malatesta, a baker at 1427
Dupont street, positively identified him.
Malatesta was delivering bread to his
customers early "Wednesday morning: and
while he was serving a customer on Lom
bard street, near Dupont, a young man
with a revolver in his hand ordered him,
to throw up his hands. Malatesta prompt
ly obeyed and the footpad went through
his pocktts, securing 121. The footpad
was not masked and took no pains to
conceal his identity. When Malatesta saw
Busch in the prison yesterday he at one©
recognized him, and Busch smiled grimly.
The police say there are others yet to
be heard from.
Eppingers Are Arraigned.
Herman and Jacob Epplnger of tho
bankrupt firm of Eppinger & Co. .appeared
before Judge Lawlor yesterday and wera
arraigned on the charge of obtaining
money by false pretenses. They were rep
resented by Attorneys Henry Ach and
Peter F. Dunne. The cases were contin
ued till August 20 for the defendants to
plead and demnr to the indictment" of the
Grand Jury.
Woodcraft Ball.
California Circle of the "Women of
"Woodcraft will entertain its members,
friends and acquaintances on the ' even-
Ing of August 16 in the Assembly Hall of
the Red Men's building. The evening will
close with a grand balL
Good sport was the result of the run
down of the 112-dcg open stake yester
day at Ingleside Coursing Park. Among
the surprises was the defeat of George
Sharman's McHenry, a 1 to 5 choice, by
"W. J. Leonard's Uttle Plunger. Sllev
enamon. too, put the talent In bad hu
mor by beating Renegade Apache, which
was held a 1 to 3 favorite.
To-day's running Is expected to bring
out some Interesting coursing. Harleart
Gladys. Golden Rule. Black Coon, Rural
Artist and Mount Rose are likely candi
dates for stake honors. Following are
the day's results with Judge Thomas
Tlerney'a official scores:
Open stake, first round — May Hempstead beat
General Dewet 4-1; Advance Guard beat Gold
en Links. 4-3; Old Ironside beat King Death.
6-4: Snapper Garrison beat Merry Lou. 15-3:
Pretty Face beat Flower of Kerry, 9-6; Oulda
beat Orslna. 3-0; Mount Rose beat Idle* Fellow.
7-6; Idaho Boy beat Thelma. 6-0; Prompto
beat Meddlesome. 5-0; Tellowtall beat Tom
Hurllck. 3-0; Sylvan beat Little Lucy. 5-4; Ty
rone Prince beat Handsome Jim. 14-1; Modest
Beauty beat Rob R. ll-l; Pepper Jack beat
Beluga. 9-3; Royal Friend beat Lord Goff. 6-4;
Black Flush beat Melroae. 6-4; Wedge wood
beat Wattles. 5-4; Luxury beat Sad Sam, '5-0;
Tobasco Bob beat Balendine. 14-2; Viking beat
Mary Ann. 7-5; Yukon beat Vina. 7-2; Im
perious beat Motto. 6-3; Pasha Pleasant beat
Our Myra. S-O; Sofala beat Klttlemaa. 7-5:
Harlean Gladys beat Miss Brummel. 5-0; Little
Mercy beat FeslI, 3-0; Special beat Jenny
Lyon. 15-4; Black Coon beat Golden Garter.
5-0; Rural Artist beat Una. 5-2; Bonnie Hughto
beat Pure Pearl. 8-4; White Buck beat Lady
Flyer. 4-3; False Alarm beat Mlsa Wilson.- 8-4:
Aggie W beat Moonbeam, 6-0; Odd Eyes beat
Jerry Wright. 7-5; Piker beat Concord Boy.
3-0: .Little Plunger beat Little Henry. 3-0;
Articulate beat Boco Girl. 6-1; Medley beat
Fair Play. 5-0; White Hat beat Remlsso Anl
rao. 8-Q; Thetis beat Rienzl. 6-0; Siren beat
Precita Maid. 4-1; Doreen beat Clarice. 10-4;
Rockefeller beat Adonis. 10-7: Eastlake beat
Otto 9-6; Flora Belle beat Fernbrook. 8-6:
Slievenamon beat Renegade Apache. 7-4; Bright
Fortune beat Cascade. 3-0; Reta S beat Younff
Fearless. 3-2; Creswick beat Flower of Gold.
4-2: Rock and Rye beat May Connelly. 25-4;
Slsklyou beat All Baba. 5-2; Golden Rule beat
Roy Hughle. 10-2; Topsy Turvey beat Prairie
Maid. 3-2; Flora Bird beat Red Brick. 11-3;
King's Pride beat May Flush, 4-2; Lily Wright
beat Seba, 4-O.
Picked by the Talent to
Win the Stake at
Ingleside.
HARLEAN GLADYS
IS THE CHOICE
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY. AUGUST 16, 1903.
43
' ¦' PERSONALS. "J'.,---" :' V
, WHILE IN THE CITT '
WHILE IN THE CITY
¦¦•¦_-V WHILE IN THE CITY..
WHILE IN THE CITY
Inquire Into the merits of the Melbourne School
for the cure of stuttering and stammering by
its wonderful Australian method. Cor. Market
et. and Van Ness ave.. 3. F. -
G. A. R. — LADY visitors' calling at my der-
matologlcal parlors this week will receive
FREE three Hydro- Vacu and "electric mas-
sage treatments; positively removes wrinkles,
pimples' and blackheads; also sample bottle
Mrs. Graham's celebrated Cucumber Cream;
Investigate my new method for enlarging the
neck and bust; electrolysis my specialty.
MRS. I. BARRETT-WILSON, derm., Cal-
laghan building, opp. Hibernia^ Bank, Mar-
ket and Jones sts. - ¦¦>'
A GRAPHOPHONE free with two dozen rec-
ords. Make your friends a present. Talking
machines and records or\ all makes ex-
changed; We are manufacturing headquar-
ters and our guarantee means something.
COLUMBIA PHONOGRAPH CO.. 125 Geary
et., 8. F.. and 468 Thirteenth st., Oakland.,
A-FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED.
Wrinkles, yellow and flabby skin, birthmarks,
smallpox plttlngs and tears sclcntlflcsflly re-
moved without cutting, massage, electricity or
medicines ; special demonstrations this week.
Can or write DR. L. WILLIAMS. 871 Geary.
"HOW to earn one hundred dollars In thirty
minutee"; no canvasslag. no Belling; any-
where In California. Send name and address
to Secretary, room 202. Spreckels Annex, San
Francisco. ' '
i FACE massage a specialty. 40c; manicure, 25c;
cbampoo. etc., 40c; at your home; ladies and
gentlemen; I give best references; first-class
work. MR. MELCESCO. W9 Ellis at.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, Im-
proves its growth ;stop« falling icures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses ecalp;at druggists', hairdressers ;ac-
cept no substitute. Star RemedyCo..3S5Geary.
WANTED — 999 men with scalp diseases; loss
of hair and baldness prevented (can treat by
mall blank for stamp); consultation free;
8:30 "to 6 t Sundays 10 to 12. Prof. GEO. A.
OARLOTV. Specialist, room 218, 997 Market.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest.
rates? Oeo. Matthews. 709 Fifth St.. Oakland.
MARRIAGE directory, free to all; pay when
married; new plan; send no money. For par-
ticulars address H. A. HORTON, dept. 14J.
Tekonsha. Mich.
WANTED— Ladiea to know that the Royal
Cloak and Suit Co. make tailor-made suits to
order at factory prices; give them a trial.
523 Market «t. .
NOT how cheap but how good. Is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market at. ¦ r ¦
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
addrtw Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave..
corner Sutter st.; fee moderate.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday, Saturlay and
Sunday evenings at Teutonla Hall, Howard
St.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
AT less than coat, uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers, at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market et. %
THE highest price paid for ladies' or gents'
cast-off clothing and all articles of value at
WEINBERGS. 114A Ellis st.
ELEGANT suits on easy installments: 50 cents
and up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
ket st :^bel__e_nSev«_______dJE_____i_________
BANGHART Be. WEY-ER.
Collectors.
No. 1170 Market Street. Room 37.
COMRADE Dr. Kuester.- 1102 Franklin. Oak-
land; gray, falling hair, scalp, skin troubles
exclusively^
ANITA— Send your address to 004 Market st.
t . CHARLIE.
SUITS to order on installments. $1 per week.
Neubaus & Co.. merch.tallors.727-T29 Market.
ALL styles halrdresMng. 25c; hair goods; manl-
curlng 25c. O. LEDERER. 123 Stockton St.
TAILOR-MADE cult $7 60; dress panjs $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bueh and Dupont,
SUPERFLUOUS hair and roolea removed by
electric needle. Dr.&Mrs.Traverse.ll70Markeft.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs,
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to lta natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
Superfluous hair and moles removed <¦ with elec-
trlc needle. Mrs. St Mlsa Eaton. 1119 Sutter.
FAPEUHAXGIXG. PAIXTIXG, ETC. „
ROOMS papered, $3 50" up; tinting, painting.'
.Hartmann Paint Co.. 310 3d St.: tel. Main 413
PROPERTY WANTED.
I WANT from owner, nice house or 2 flats;
near Jackson. Hyde. Green sts.: price not
exceeding 15500. Address box 3377. Call.
MODERN home; not to exceed $25,000; corner
preferred: must be cheap. Box 1029. Call.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUCHANAN, 605, near Hayes— Furnished
housekeeping rooms. . .
CAPP. 634, near Twenty-first — Furnished house-
keeping rooms; very desirable .
CARL. 219, nr. Park— Floor. 3 sunny rooms. In
modern flat; prettily and completely fur-
nished for hkpg.; gas range, running water.
FIFTH. 353 — Three housekeeping, 2 Bed, $20
per month; 3 2-bed, S13.50 month; 2, 115; sln-
gle rooms. |tt to $7. ¦
FOLSOM. 754, near Third— Large sunny
front room; folding bed, gas. grate, water
handy; another room for housekeeping.
GUERRERO, Sd2, near 21st — Six rooms com-
• pletely furnished for housekeeping; 15 mln-
• utes to Kearny st. by electric car. ,
HERBERT (The) — Sunny apartments for
housekeeping: gas ranges; just newly fur-
pished. 1530 Polk st. *
HOWARD. 1053 — Nice, large front and other
rooms; housekeeping.
KEARNY, 104 — 3 unfurnished or partly fur-
nished rooms; newly papered; no children.
MCALLISTER, 538 — Nicely furnlnhed suite;
gas range; hot bath; laundry; adults; $7.
STOCKTON. 1206 — Model house; nicely fur-
nished ; $5-|12; front; phone, gas. bath, sunny.
TURK. 810 — Nicely furnished, sunny- hpuse-
keeping rooms, single or en suite; reasonable.
VALENCIA, 822 — Two sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms; electric light; gas stove.
: APABTMEarra to let.
"EL MONTEREY." the city's newest apart-
ment hotel, located on the north side of
Pine et., between Hyde and Leavenworth; a
superb brick building of Spanish' architec-
ture; all the comforts of housekeeping com-
bined with the conveniences of hotel life; for
'{30 per month you can secure here an unfur-
nished 8-room apartirmt, consisting of large
living-room with gas grate and mantel, bed-
room with bay-window and closet; kitchen
equipped with gas range, built-in china
closet and hot and cold water; bathroom
with toilet and porcelain tub (hot and cold
water); this price also Includes janitor ser-
vice night and day and night and day ele-
vator service; only ten minutes' walk from
Powell and Market; see these apartments
' to-day.'
BEAUTIFUL Haddon Hall. »51 Eddy st.. bet.
Franklin and Gough; a few high-grade fur-
nished and unfurnished apartments now to
be had; 4 rooms and bath; kitchens. unusual-
ly large and have gas ranges; telephone In
each apartment; gas and electric light; steam
and gas heat; -watchman on duty all night;
elevator service day and night; ref. required.
ROOMS TO LET — Kara, and tniarn.
A— THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL,
THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL,
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
MOST MODERN AND UP-TO-DATE HO-
TEL DOWN TOWN; 150 ROOMS: 35 SUITS
WITH PRIVATE BATH; ELECTRIC
, LIGHTS: STEAM HEATED- THROUGH-
OUT; TELEPHONE IN EVERY ROOM;
SUITS WITH BATH, $1 60 TO %2 60 PER
'DAY; SINGLE ROOMS. 75o TO- $1; HOT
WATER DAY AND NIGHT. TELEPHONE
SOUTH 1041. ¦ - ¦ ...
AA — City Room Renting' Agency,
1194 Market st,, cor. Turk and Market sts..
* Rooms 3 and 4. Pbope Jessie 4471.
FREE '. I FREE
We locate you free of charge
in Rooms with or without board,
. ¦ ' Housekeeping Rooms or HoteU."^ '
A ASHWORTH ............
320 MASON ST.. bet. Geary. and O'Farrell.
....ROOMS SINGLE -AND EN SUITE....
..PRIVATE BATH— BOARD OPTIONAL..
....SUN IN ROOMS ALL" DAY........
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms
25c to SI per night, $1 25 to Sa per week., and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Marke*. st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms, 25c, 60c, $1, SI 60 night;
$1 60 to <10 week; house open all night. . -
ANTLERS. 415 Turk st. — Strictly modern: 4-5
room apartments; fur. or. unfur. for , hskpg.
BUCHANAN, 1533. near Geary— Sunny fur"
nlshed rooms during the Grand Army days;
two double, three single beds. - ¦
BURNETT, 1426 Market— (old No. 1364)— Fur-
Pished rooms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
ROOMS TO ¦ LET--FiirB. and " Pnfiira.
CLARA. 37, between Third and Fourth— Light,
newly\ furnished room, suitable .for two
> m young "men; rent reasonable. . ,". . :
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor., Mason— Elegantly
. furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
DIAMOND. 810 — Two furnished rooms. $10.
DUNCAN,' 118H. n ea r Guerrero— Large fur-
nlBhed sunny room. ... ..... . '
FOLSOM. 754. near Third— Large sunny front
.room, suitable for two; two. single rooms.
FOR rent during G. A. R. Encampment— 2
fine sunny front rooms; accommodations for
' 2 persons each; 10 minutes' walk to elty;- :
"near Nob H1U; .' private family; reasonable.
Box 1033. Call office.
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission — Rooms BOo
to $1 50 night; $2 to »0 ¦geek; reading-room.
HOTEL GRA YSTONE
' ' 66 Geary st. ; phone Bush 880. :
Centrally located fireproof hotel; elegantly
j furnished suites, with baths and singles.
HYDE, 810 — 3 sunny, comfortably furnished
rooms; two connecting; reasonable.
JESSIE, 359— Nicely '¦ furnished front room ;
grate, .gas, -phone; $7; gentlemen. . I
LARKIN, >NO1— Single sunny room, suitable for
> gentleman.
LARKIN,- 819% — Large 1 sunny front room; 2
. or -4 gentlemen; 75c per night. ¦ ' .
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: elec. rights; day. week, mo.
PINE, 090— Elegantly furnished rooms; new
flat; private family. ' .
POST. 1064— New and elegantly furnished
rooms. In suites or single; gas, electrlo lights
and hot bath; something fine. ,
SHOTWELL. 18 — To. let. 1 small front room,
$5; 1 large rear room. 17; both sunny.
BUTTER."' 506— Three beautiful new furnished
rooms and bath. ¦ ¦ * •
BUTTER. 1206V4. near Polk— Sunny room, fur-
nished; rent reasonable. • ';
TAYLOR, 515B — Large room, running water,
bath; $12: also 8-10 rooms. ' '
TURK, 1218 — Nice sunny front room, conven-
lent . to town. ~
UNION. 1500, corner Van Ness ave.— A large
nicely furnished sunny front room; running
water. ¦ '
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy St., near Market
— 400 single and family rooms; 35c to |1
night;. SI 75 to $6 week; elevator; electrto
lights: readlngr-room; free bus and baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700- rooms;
35c to $1 B0 night; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec.' llghtp: reading-room: free bua;'b>ggage.
nOOMS AXD BOARD.
"THE PRINCETON."
(EUROPEAN PLAN.) -"
Superbly furnished and the only high-grade
residence hotel In the city which Is operated
on the European plan. Located at No. 710
JONES ST., bet. SUTTER and POST STS.,
and reached by three street car line*. One
hundred rooms, mostly arranged en suite,
with bath. Electric lights, steam heat, long
distance telephone in every suite; billiard
and smoking rooms and a magnificent grill
room. Rates are very reasonable.
AMOY. THE 001 DEVISADERO ST.
Strictly first-class family hotel; sunny rooms,
suite or single; billiards; steam heat. ; .
OLD Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church,
with annex, 807 California St.— Attractive in-
terior: exceptional table; free billiard-room.
GOOD room and board at 323 First st. - ¦ - •
ItOOMS AXD IIOAnp WAXTED.
ROOM and board wanted in plain Jewish fam-
ily; central location; reasonable. Box 3370,
Call office. :
ROOMS WAXTED.
BACHELOR desires large sunny room or suite;
central;, rens. ; state price. Box 3a7t>.. Call.
STOIIAGH AXD WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard St.. near Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S storace — Furniture and merchan-
. dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 840
¦Mission et.; tel. Howard 041. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Flllmore st.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS .Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
it.: tel. Main 1840. Shipping' at cut rates.
STCTTERIXG AXD STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE System School. Van Ness and
Market; positive cure for all. Don't delay.
TO LEASE.
LOT to let; 656 Mission St.; NW. • cor. Annie
. st.; light loft, 4000 sq. ft.; passenger and
freight elevators: will lease for term: rent
reasonable. SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE &
CO.. 218-220 Montgomery st.. Mills bldg.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT 'BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS^\V>
sell better machines for less money than >ny
house In the city; rentals $3. The Typewrite-
Exchange. 536 California telephone Main. 269.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars.-L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 209 Sansome.'
PROFOSA LS.
ADVERTISEMENT for bids for steam-heating
(and distributing apparatus for the University
of California— Notice to contractors, builders
and material men — Notice is hereby given
by the Regents of the University of California
to all concerned that sealed proposals or bids
are solicited on three water-tube boilers,
eacb to contain one-half the heating surface
required to furnish steam for one engine, as
outlined below; one vertical or horizontal
' cross-compound, non-condensing engine to
be arranged for direct connection to one 200
K. W. alternator, the necessary f«ed pumps,
feed water heaters, steam separator* traps
and fuel oil burning apparatus complete In-
cluding all necessary piping, valves and
fittings within the building, and all neces-
sary piping 'between tanks, etc. the plant
to be furnished . and installed complete at
Berkeley , upon foundations furnished by the
university. Also steam piping for distribu-
tion of steam for heating purposes to the
various buildings. Bald sealed bids or pro-
posals . will be received at room 16, South
, Hall, at the University grounds, Berkeley,
on or before 8 o'clock p. m. of the 17ta
day of August,. 1903. And notice is hereby
further given that plans and specifications
for said construction have been made and
adopted and are placed In the engineering
offices, room 7, 331 Pine street, San Fran-
cisco, where the came may be seen and ex-
' amlned during each day from 9 u' clock a. m.
until 4 o'clock p. m. from this date, until
the 15th day of August. 1003. No bids or
' proposals will be considered unless the same
are accompanied bv a certified check or a
bond of said proposer equal to ¦*-» (10) per
cent of his proposal, with sufficient ' sureties
conditioned that If said bid or proposal shall
be accepted the party proposing will duly
• enter into a proper contract with the said
Regents to faithfully perform the duty. and
/Obligations In accordance with said proposal
and plans and specifications, which shall be
and are hereby required to be a part of such
contract. The right- to reject : any and all
bids Is hereby reserved. This notice is gives
pursuant to an act entitled "An act ¦ to
amend an act • entitled 'An act to create
and organize the University of California.'
approved March 25, 1868, and an act
amendatory of section 25 thereof, approved
March 28. 1872. relating to the construction
of - buildngs,". approved March 8, 1897 'By
order of the Committee on Grounds and
Buildings of the Board of Regents W A.
McKOWEN, Secretary of the Board of
Rtgents of tho University of California.
LEGAL ADVEItTISEMEXTS.
NOTICE ! of Dissolution of Copartnership The
firm heretofore existing under the name and
style of Golden Gate..Dredging and Reclama-
tion Company, /doing business in the city
and county of San Francisco, 8tate of -Call-
. fornla. in this day dissolved by mutual con-
sent. MARSHALL C. HARRIS having pur-
chased the entire Interest of WILLIS G
WHITTER In the • concern.
Dated WILLIS G. WHITTER
July 17. 1003. MARSHALL C. HARRIS.
, MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday: , . , ; • • .
' Arthur! Lemme, 22, 110 Bernard street, and
Sadie Overacker, 18.' 13U7 : Folsom street. '
• George L. Barry, 22, Columbus. Ohio, and
Minnie M. , Haver, 26, Columbus. ; Ohio.
-'.Giuseppe Blgotta, " 32, 310 Broadway, and
Isabella , Olxerl. 32, , 319 Broadway. ,
• George S. ¦- Holbrook. 20. Tuolumne,'" and
Mabel E." Mallory,'2O, 503 O'Farrell street.
• Arthur E. Hackett, - 21, 748 • O' Farrell street,
and Ethel L. Andrew, 18. 1632 Union street. ¦.
Joseph Federlein.- 27, t>0 ¦, Elliot -Park, and
Eda Fredericks, 23.-1612 Stelner street. -
George D. Gueneley, 39, Pan Jose, and Lizzie
H. Snook. 35. Pan Jose. >
Willlam'J.\ Chambers, 27. 010% Posfstreet,
and Mary E. Lavelle. 22, 617 Octavia street. ;
¦ George » P. " Marcus, . 40, : city, and Lena 1<. C
Bhrakkart.',' 30. 'city. ¦-.:-'
Johan E.-Blomqulst. 32, S55 Howard street,
and Anna J. Carlson.- 28. 1018 .Vermont, street.
EDCCATIOSAL.
A-CAU)WELL College of Oratory, Acting,
Opera and Authorship; largest In the West;
14 teachers; positions guaranteed; f^u term
begins Sept. 7; day A evening class; beautiful
new c&lalogue free. 1295 Market, cor. Ninth.
KAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236 Mar-
k-: : modern, progressive, practical; estab- J
lifched 15 yean. Gregg shorthand, fastest, j
easiest. taost readable. Actual business
bookkeeping; typewriter at home free. j
HEALDS BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post. 8.
F.— Bookkeeping, ehorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches;
day and night sessions; Ulus. catalogue free.
AYRES, the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket st. ; special cummer course in all depart-
ments: handsome catalogue free: life scholar-
shlp. t50; day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkin sL
"A thorough school": positions secured for
rradua.tes; modern methods; individual In-
Function. Write for Illustrated catalogue.
HF.ALDS School of Mines & Eiectrlclty.24 Post
«... S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
THE Berlitz School of Languages has removed
to 10CK) Van Ness ave.; rates reduced during
summer. Send for catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil, «lec. min., mech.. rur-
vey. assay, cyanide; day, e\-e. ; eet. 1864. Van
<ier Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City HalL
eySTEM. discipline and results: the Golden
Gate Commercial College. Van Ness and
Golden Gate eves..S.F. : fills every requiremnt
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday end
Sunday evenings at Teutonla Hall, Hcward
Bt., near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
PIANO and German; pur" of Leipslc Con»er-
vatory; lewone 75c and $1. 340 Golden Gate.
AT Klngj'.and Art Phnp — Drawing, painting
and burnt work. 11S4 Halgbt St.. near Lyon.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S, 424 Plr.e et Night class
SPANISH Academy— Professor Arrlba*; classes
day and evening; private lessons. 634 Sutter.
LHPPONS? given in Water Color or Oil Palnt-
tr.B from Nature. CURRIER. 872 Sutter st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping:. irrammar.WTttlnif.
etc. : day or eve. ; S5 mo. 1024 Mlssion.nr.6tb,
Chicago Business College, 14S5 Market, nr. 10th.
Plttraan shorthand, typing, bookkpg.. $S mo.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received st Call branch efflce. 22<W Flllmore.
ESirLOYMEVT OFFICES.
CEORGZ AOKI. 421 Port et.: *el. Bush 1S5—
Japann>e-Ch!ne»e employment office: fur-
r.ithee best help; contracts for farm help. etc.
A — ORPHrTTM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese i;e'.p. 42S Powell. Tel. Main 6752.
A — GRAND Japanoe-Chtaese Ercp. Office 415
Stockton: tel. Grant 1«S; expert. reliable help. .
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Seung's. 411H OTarTe'.l; tel. East 428.
RELIABLE Japar.e5e-Chtm»se Employment Of-
fice; Ell kinds help. 31.% Stockton; Main 51SS.
CHINESE and Japanese help; eetab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1P9T. BRADLEY & CO.. «U0 Clay.
ESIPLOYME\T WASTED FEMALE.
A WAITRESS and parlor raald. 5 years* refer-
ences, war.ts a. place; Is young. Ftrong and
capable. For further particulars address
MISS FLUNKETT, 425 Eutter Bt.. near
Powell. '
EUITMAKER and dressmaker; first-class cut-
ter and fitter; fit 45 bust as well as a 32;
only gooi work done; engagements by the
<iay or week. M1FS BARi?S. 1024 Mission.
AN experienced nurse wishes engagements;
sundcal or confinements; careful, prudent,
economical: reference; reasonable. Call or
address MRS. MERRITT. 127 Seventh St.
HOUSEKEEPER by elderly woman; capable
cooking, washing, taking care children and
entire work of small family; references.
Box SS54. Call office.
A COMPETENT woman would like a position
to take care of children and at-slst at light
hout-ework. Call or write 74 ghotwell ft.
RELIABLE American woman would go as
cook for 15 or 20 men. city or country. Ad-
dress Call branch. 106 Eleventh et.
MIDDLE- AGED woman from the East; first-
claps cook and seexnd work; no postals. 221
Hickory ave.
YOUNG colored lady wants three days' work
in pri\-ate family; good cook and laundress.
Call 31&H OFarrell Et.
A LAD1* who Is an expert embroiderer of mon-
t.rui-.s ulshes employment. Bex 3*32. Call.
FITT'ATION war.ted to cook In a private fam-
ily:, .good references. CaU at 407^ Harrison.
IITDDLE-AGED woman wants washing, iron-
in« or housecleanlns; good work done; SI 50
day. Box 1003. Call office.
YOUNG lady with experience desires rood po-
sition as cashier in restaurant. Box 3386.
Call office
MIDDLE-AGED woman, good worker and re-
liable, would like to clean offices; also clean
windows. Box 3356. Call office.
YOUNG married woman desires position, not
more than 8 hours' work: wa^ee no object.
Address MRS. M. J. P.. 307 H Leavenworth.
YOUNG woman would Hk» position as work-
ing housekeeper. Box Iol3, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS laundress wishes one. two or
three days' work; perfect eatlsf action; $2 a
<Say. 1671 McAllister tt. ,
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094
Valencia 't.
EMl'LOVMEXT WAXTED— MALE. "
ENGINEER and electrician with 7 years' prac-
tical experience tn charge of power and light-
Ing plant*; character and capacity equal to
any requirements. Address with particulars,
box M2. Call ctflce. Oakland.
ACTIVE. well-known commercial man, Al
rtandlng. will entertain strictly legitimate
proposition requiring few hours' attention
dally; bends furnished any amount desired.
Box I02S. CaU office.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper desires permanent
situation; rapid nn<i accurate worker; good
rrfcresces, including present employers; not '
afraid of work. Box S08, Call office. Oakland.
GOOD steady boy, IS years of age, would like
position on private place doing chores and
working In parden; understands care of
horses and cow. Box 613, Call, Oakland.
tSXCKtil-TJC young man wants position in S.
V. or vicinity: successful in managing men;
rustler and not afraid of work himself. Box
33G3, OalL
¦ YOlTNG man with experience as Instructor
d'Eircs position in an evening school; ref.
Address with particulars E. Y. SANDERS,
420 Eddy ft.
A GKRMAHi middle-aged and single, wishes a
rltuatlon In a grocery rtore and barroom;
flret-cUss references. W. BOHLING, 417
Kearny al.
COOK, experienced meat, bread and pastry,
wants position; sober and reliable; city or
country. W. A. JONES, Aller.date Post-
office. Alarneda County. ¦ : --
'BOY about 15 years wants position In office or
other work where he can have Saturday off;
would work Sundays. Box 10.{7. Call.
YOUNO man of good appearance (American)
wishes eltustlon cf any kind for the present.
Address J. E. C. box 1032. Call office. £,
PAINTER, Eastern man. wants work by day
or small jobs and contracts taken. Address
painter. 1121 Webster st.
EXPERIENCED electric power station opera-
tor would like position as assistant electri-
cian' or general line repair man: country cr
email town preferred. Box 3357. Call office.
EXPERIENCED gardener and grower wants
steady position; married; no children; Ger-
man: 35 years old; best references; wife able
to cook or help in house. Box 3353. Call.
ENGINEER — First-class stationary steam en-
gineer, also is a first-class jlectriclan. de-
elres a situation In city or country: has all
tools; first-class references; married; speaks
English. German and Spanish. Box 4938.
Call office.
A REFINED, good natured old gentleman,
eminently respectable, good ' habits, unin-
cumbered, desires a poeltlon as companion.
Box 3338. Call olflce. -
A GOOD barber, elderly man. sober and steady.-
would like situation In the country or city.
Address WILLIAM WALTHERS. 1825 Polk
gt . San Francisco. _^
YOUNG man with experience in office of
wholesale grocery desires situation. Box
3S22. Call office. " '.-
A JAPANESE boy wants a position as school-
boy in small family; understands cocking and
housework. T. IMAI. Japanese Y. M. C. A.,
121 Haiefct st. •
JAPANESE cook wants a poeltlon In family
or small boarding-house. K. HARA, Japan-
¦ ese Go: p' 1 Society. 725 Geary St.; tel. Hyde
1080. •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia «t.
FLATS WAJCTED. •
FURNISHED fiat of 6 or 6 rooms at reasonable
terms; near 4th and Market. Box S358, CalL
WANTED — funny modern flat; 3 or 4 rooms;
2 adults, ttcx 1012. CaU...,
John Bergl. 40. city, and Katie Fischer, S3,
city. . . . v
Michael Connell, 44, 115B South Park, and
Hannah Lawlor, 45, city. -
Silvio J. dl Vecchlo, 22. 14S9 Ellis street.
; and Marie A. McCloskey. 21, 539 Scott "treet.
Zacharlah Luce. 26, Newvllle. and Edytn
Lockwood, 25,' Newvllle."
Ludwlg A- Rea, 21, 1648 Powell- street, and
Louise Devoto, 21, 705>a Green street.
Charles D. , Tanner; 33. West Berkeley, ana
Hattle H. Falls.' 18. W'wt Berkeley. <
Henry 1 C. Pearce. 24. 4W59 Twenty-sixth
•treet. and > Emma E. Bartholdy. 21, 1026A
Alabama street. '-.•.'--. . ~- ',
William T. Lilly. 30. Point Richmond, and
Edith. E. Bowler, 18, 325*4 .Clementina street.
-Hyrrian Falk. 42, 306 Van Ness avenue, and
Dorathy • Summerfleld. 45. London,' England.
' Harry. H. Nightingale. 37; Latrob*, and Eml-
llne, Woodard, 37. 3250 Twenty-second street.
¦ " Frank" E. Dillon. 29. Los> Angeles, and
Blanche E. '¦ Rltzell. 22. Freeport. 111.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
matl will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and b«
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
boen. ¦..•££;
ANDREWS— In thia city, July 81, 1903, to tho
wife, of Nelson Andrews, a sen.
HAMILTON— In this- city, August 6. 1903, to
the wife of F. A. Hamilton of Nome. Alaska,
a son. ¦ .¦ . ' . ."•¦¦/¦
HEISSNER— In this city. August ' 7, 1903. to
the wife of Frank O. Helssner, ¦ a daughter.
LANDSBERGER— In thl* city. August 14,
190.1, to the wife of Nathan Landsberger. a
son. . .
LOUGHLIN— In this city, August 12. 1903. to
the wife of Robert Loughlln, a daughteY.
MARISCH— In this city. August 13; 1903, to
the wlfo of Anthony Marlsch. a son.
ROBERTS — In this city, July 24. 1903. to the
,' wife- of William G. Roberts, a daughter.
SCHLOTTER— In this ctty, August 12, 1903.
to the wife of Carl H. Schlotter, a daugh-
ter. • , . . . ... •
TOWERS— In thia city, Auguat 0. 1903, to the
wife of R. A.i Towers, a son.
WILSON— In this tlty, August 3. 1903. to the
wife of Arthur Xj Wilson, a daughter.
MARRIED.
ALLEN— BORHO— In this city, August 12.
1903, by the R«v. J. Fuendellng, Tandy
' James Allen and Katherlne Louise Borho.
PEDERLEIN— FREDERICKS— In this city,
August 15, 19C3, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling,
. Joseph Federlein and Eda Fredericks.
FRIEDRICH— SCHNITZ— In this city. August
12, 1D0.1C by the Rev. William Rader. Henry
W; Friednch and Flora Schnitz,. both of
Ban Francisco.
GARDNER— PRITCHARD— In this city. Au-
gust 12. 1903, by the Rev. , J. Fuendellns,
George H. Gardner and Ruby C. Prttchard.
GILBERT— WALLACE— In this city. August
14, 1003, by the Rev. Frank K. Baker, pas-
tor of First M. \E. Church. Harry R. Gilbert
of Fol«om, Cal.. and Sadie Wallace of Pla-
cerviile.
GRUNNAGLE— WERNER— In this city. Au-
gust 8, 1903, by the Rev. William Rader,
George Louis Grunnagle and Mrs. Laura J.
Werner, both of San Francisco;
HOLBROOK— MALLORY— In this city. Au-
•Eust 16, 190CJ. at Trinity Church, by the Rev.
Clifton Macon, George S. Holbrook of Tu-
olumne. Cal., and Mabel E. Mallory of San
Francisco. N
JU CHICK— MOY CHOON LAW— In this city.
July 21, 1903. by the Rev. Frank K. Baker, pas-
tor of KInst M. E. Church. Ju Chick (Chi-
nese) and Moy Choon Law (American born
! Chinese), both of San Francisco.
KELLEY— ECKERT— In this city, August 13,
" 11)03, by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson.
pastor of Trinity Methodi*t Episcopal Church,
-Elmo Kelley and Lena Eck«rt. both of San
Francisco. • -
LEMME— OVERACKER— In this city, August
• 15, 1S03. by the Rev. J. Fuendellng, Joseph
Lemme and Sadie Overacker.
McNAMEE— COTTRELL— In Salt Lake City,
, . August 12. 1U03. by Bishop Scanlon, James
' J. ' McNamee of San Francisco and Mary
Angela Cottrell of Salt Lake City.
MARKUS— SHRAKK ART— In thia city, Au-
gust 13, 1903, by the Rev. J. Fuendeltng,
• George S. Markua and Lena L. C. Shrak-
¦ kart.
MERKEL— CASPER— In this city, August 14,
HHO. by the Rev. J. Fuendeling. Ernest L.
C. Merkel and Mary Katherlne Casper.
BURR— BOYER— In this city, August 15, 1903,
- at Trinity Church, by the Rev. Clifton
Macon, . Edward Vincent Hurr and Mary
¦Frothlngham Boyer," both of San Francisco.
TURNER— FRANKS— In thia city, August IS,
1K03. by the Rev. Dr. John A. B. Wilson.
pastor of Trinity Methodist Episcopal Church,
Charles Lewis Turner and Edith Dorothy
Franks, both of San Francisco.
\;: . jjiEp.://-.,-;. ,
Ames. Joslah P. : Jensen, ' Lawrence
Barber, Josephine | C-.^ Johnstons, 1 Chas. . H.
Block, Henry •, ¦.¦• ,; t Judge, Kate G. .
House. Thomas. J.. Kelly.. Charles
Collins. James Landwehr. Rcsle J.
ConslgUert. Utusep- Lennon. James H.
plna Lyons. James P.
•- Ore w. Molina ' Mee. John '• •¦ ¦
• Delaney. . Frank T. Moran. Michael
Dray, Nancy J. Morrelle. Frank T.
Euler. Maria J. Mulcahey. Catherine
• Fealy, Mrs. M. Puckhaber. Harry C.
Fitzgerald, Annie Qullty, Delia
Garraud. Alexander Ray. Rosaline A.
Gerdes. Sarah, M. . Ueichstetter. G.
Gorevan. Mary Schaumloffell. Wm.
¦ Harrington, Cart. M. Tully, Sarah
Herbert. John F.
AMES— In Martinez. August 14. 1003, Joslah
P., beloved husband of Martha Ames, .and
father of James H., John F., Everett Fletcher
and Elfa" Ames, a native of England, aged
75 years and 7 months.
ICT Funeral services to-day (Sunday), at
2:3U o'clock, at tho late residence of the de-
ceased, 1132 Adeline street. Oakland. Inter-
ment private. Please omit flowers.
BARBER— In this city. August 10. 1903, Jo-
sephine C. Barber of Newton, Mass., be-
loved mother of Earl II. Barber, a native of
¦ New York, aged 53 years.
BLOCK— In this city. July 22. 1003. Henry,
beluvcd husband of Maria Block, father of
Martha and Leo Block, and brother of Fred
Block, a native of Germany, aged 01 years.
ICT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully Invited to attend' the funeral services
to-day (Sunday), at 3 O'clock, at the chapel
In Mount Olivet Cemetery.
BOUSE— in this city, August 14, 1903, Thomas
J. Bouse, beloved son of -Margaret Hayneti
and the late Thomas Bouse, stepson of the
late Richard Hayni*. and brother of the
late Mrs. ¦ :*. McKee and Margaret Bou*e, a
native of San Francisco, aged 40 years.
C-i'KrlenriM and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1140 Alabama street, thence to St.
Peter's Church, where a solemn requiem high
' masn will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
. Cemetery. V\;vY-t r T
COLLINS — In this city, August 14, 1903. James
Collins, a native of Ireland, aged 61 years.
CONS1GLIERI— In this city. August 15. 1003.
Glufteppina ConslpUerl^ beloved daughter of
Gludlta and Gluxepper Consigner!, and sister
of Mamie, Annie and Ugo Consigner!, a -na-
tive of Redwood City, Cal., aged 7 years 1
month und 18 days.
CREW— In this city, August 15, 1903, Molina
Crew, beloved daughter of Laura and the
late ¦ Henry C. Crew, and sister of Thomas
N. and Alexander Crew,_ a native of Lon-
don, England, aged 42 years 8 months and
1 day. •
|C" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday, August 18, 1903, at 10 o'clock, at
the -.residence of her brother. 541 Lombard
street, between '. Stockton and Powell. -'In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
DELANEY— In Lompoc, August S, 1903, Frank
- T., beloved husband of Dora Delaney, father,
.-of Emma. Henry. Edward and Margaret
Delaney, son of Mrs. E. A. Delaney, and
"brother of Mrs. A. R. Westcott and Mrs.
Paul Simon; a native of San Francisco.
DRAY— In this city. August 15, 1903. Nancy
Jane, -beloved wife of Calvin H. Dray, and
'mother of "William F. Dray and Mrs. Sarah
, E.' Byers,' a native of Colorado, aged 55
• years . 1' month and 22 . days. |
EULER— In this city, August 14. 1903, Marta
J., beloved wife of Henry Euler, mother of
William' G. B. and Harry M. Euler, be-
loved daughter of Margaret Keeley, and
' sister ; of W. J.' Keeley, a native of New
York City.
: prpi lends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
. to-day (Sunday), at -1:30 o'clock, ; at -St.
Paul's Episcopal Church. . California street,
between' Flllmore and- Stelner. Interment
private. Please omit flowers. . . . : •
FEALY — Iri Rutherford, Napa County, Cal,,
August 15. 1903, Mrs. Margaret Feaiy, widow
— of .the late William Fealy, aged 65 years.
(Dublin. Ireland, papers please copy.) 1
CjrFuneral from 'the Catholic Church. St.
Helena, Monday, August 17, at 10 o'clock.
FITZGERALD— Entered Into rest, August 13,
1903, Annie, beloved daughter of the late
Oeorge and Ellen Fitzgerald, and slater of
HENRY J. CA^LACHER CO.
' (Successors ' to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL 'P. DONOVAN. Mgr. -
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND. EMBALMERS.
I . 20 Flf tb - St., opposite , Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO. ,
UNITED UNDERTA KERS.
———Funeral Directors and Embalmers
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple.
Now at 860 MISSION. Tel. South 167.
Between Fourth and Fifth, Near Fifth st.
• .- Finest Equipments at Moderate : Rates.
F. 'J. Monahan, President,
MONAHAN & CO,, \
V : -¦¦ (Inc.) . -
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
2339-2341- MisBlon st. - , Telephone Mission 31.
I.James McGlnn.t"?vr Henry Hanwn.
JAME3 McGINN & CO..
Formerly With McGinn Bros.,. .
.. -Funeral Directors and Era balmers
214 Eddy St.; Tel. South 678.
FLATS TO LET. ____^
3 MAGNIFICENT new sunny flats. 7 rooms
and bath; 1017-1025-1031 Flllmore Bt, near
McAllister; convenient to several car lines,
rent reasonable. SHAINWALD. BUCKDEH
& CO.. 21S-220 Montgomery St.. Mills bldg.
ALL new flats; latest improvements.
Lower. 6 rooms, f« 50
Middle. 6 rooms, bath • *25 W
Upper. 7 rooms, bath * 2 7 »0
Utah el. near Seventeenth. '. '
HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list; ser-
vice absolutely free; take advantage of this
department; It will save you «»• »?*
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
•t.. on the square. ; '
CORNER No« and Ellrabeth iU.i new, sunny
flat on corner. 1050, Noe st. . modern improve-
ments; convenient to Twenty-fourth and Cas-
tro-st. cars; rent reasonable. •
A SUNNY corner upper 6-room flat, basement;
half block from Market at., within 18 min-
utes' ride of Golden Gate Park; Castro and
Elghteenth-st. cars. 8943 Seventeenth st.
A FLAT of 6 rooms, all modern Improve-
ments and beautiful marine view; 10 min-
utes' ride from Kearny St.; rent $25; water
free. Apply 1S20 Filbert et.
FOR rent— A sunny upper flat of 3 rooms in
perfect order at 178 Clinton Park, between
Valencia and Guerrero sts.; adults only;
rent S12.
HYDE. Ml. near Butter — Elegant modern flat,
10 rooms. 2 baths. McAFEB BROS., 108
Montgomery st. .••¦_¦'; ~
LARGEST list of new flats and houses. Call
for printed list. LYON & HOAG, 116 Mont-
goroery st.
BAKER, 743-745-747— Lower, middle. • upper
flats, 0-0-7 rooms; new, modern, sunny.
BEAVER. 67 — 9-room flat; cheap to a good
tenant; between Noe and Castro ets.
ELEGANT sunny upper corner flat, 6 rooms,
bath. Hattle and Merrttt. west, oft Castro.
PAGE, 1743. near Golden Gate Park— 3 new^
Cats; Just completed; 6 rooms and bath each.
SUNNY upper modern flat,' 7 rooms, bath;
yard: basement; »3O. 1046 Brodertck.nr.Turk.
3 NEW flats. 6 rooms; rent $35. Church and
Seventeenth sts.
$25 — GRAND view city and bay; 5 rooms; sun
all day: modern and up to date. 1129 Church.
SEVENTH, 436 — Nice sunny flat "of 4 rooms
to let. _^__
TWENTY-THIRD. 4077. corner Castro— Lovely
lower 4-room flat; $16; water free. '
TO let — Flat of four roonu: 1897 O'FarrelL
HOOKER tc LENT. 14 Post St.
FLATS FOR SALE-— FURXISHEP.
5150— FURNITURE of 6-room desirable flat. in
the warm belt of the Mission; rent $16; no
dealers. 1266 Church ' St.. corner Twenty-
fifth: lake West Twenty-second st. cars.
ELEGANT new furniture, of 6-room flat; every-
thing complete. 1130 Golden Gate; no dealers.
FOR SALE— Furnished C-room flat. 134 Ninth
et.; rent $22 50.
FLKMTUltE FOR SALE.
NEAT 4-room flat; reasonable; top flat. 5 Treat
ave., bet. Thirteenth and Fourteenth sts.
A. KIXC bedroom set for Bale cheap at 113)4
Freelon sti
FURNITURE WAXTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4463.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HOTELS ADD BOARDING-HOUSES.
"THE PRINCETON."
(EUROPEAN PLAN.)
Superbly furnished and the only high-grade
residence hotel tn the city which is operated
on the European plan. Located at No. 710
JONES ST., bet. SUTTER and POST STS..
and reached by three street car lines. One
hundred rooms, mostly arranged en suite,
with beth. Electric lights, steam heat, long
diFtanoe telephone in every suite; billiard
and smoking rooms and -a magnificent grill
room. Rates are very reasonable.
llonsE _S AXD JXVA^GOy S. ~~
SECOND-HAND carriages cheap; 6-seated sur-
rey, ladles' Victoria phaeton, high ladies'
tandem cart and coupe rockaway. O'BRIEN
& SONS. cor. Golden Gate ave and Polk st.
ON account of going to build, entire stock of
wagons, butrpies and barness must be rold at
sacrifice.' Corner 15th and Valencia its.
RARE chance — 4 good horses for sale cheap.
327 Sixth st.
3 SHETLAND ponies. "hameM and carts ln-
¦cluded. for $125 each. 1504 Folsom st.
ONE fine buggy, fruit wagon, cart. 2d-band;
new laundry wagon, cheap. 82S Harrison at.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping- wagon
and gocart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let: send for clr-
CTilar. G. H. UMBSEN &. CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Poet st.
HOUSES, TO LET — FVRMSHED.
A WELL furnished house, piano. 8 rooms; very
sunny; fine location: 1375 Masonic ave. Apply
MADISON & BURKE. SO Montgomery tt.
HOUSES WA.VTE1).
WANTED — An elegantly furnished house In
Western Addition for family of three? no
children: references given; willing to pay
flrst-cla.f<8 rent. Address R. S D\ box 43,
San Rafael. .
LOST AXD FOUXD.
LO3T — Leather pocketbook containing two
Fteamer tickets, unlndorsed draft on U. S.
Treasury In favor of H. L. Ford, and 20-
dollar bill; think they were left at telegraph
office on Market st. Finder please return
them to 579 O'Farrell St.. addressed to H. L.
FORD.
LOST — Wednesday evening, black cocker span-
iel dog; upw collar; license No. 1947. Re-
ward of $5 and no questions asked by re-
turning to CLACK'S, Market and Gough.
LOST — Saturday afternoon, Aug. 15, bet Park,
Ingleside or Cliff, lady's silk coat. Finder
% return to 476 Jessie Bt.. near Sixth; reward.
LOST — Or Ftrayed. Saturday, brown water
rpaniel; ehort tall; $10 reward. 2607 Fill-
more st.
LOST — In Mission, white Spitz dog, named
Dewey. Return 3825 Army et. ; liberal re-
ward.
LOST— Collie dog; sable and white; liberal re-
ward. Return to 817V& Golden Gate ave.
REWARD for return of dress eult case marked
J. A. K.. left at corner Page and Buchanan
ets. Return to Dramatic Review office, 26
Geary st. • . '
STRAYED from premises, 2588 Folsom St., one
buckskin horse Indian pony. Return to above
address; reward.
LOST— Near Millbrae, fore end of shotgun. No.
103.249; reward. L. BALZ. 2052 21st st.
LOST— A pass book with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
name of LOUIS COTTON, No. 274-1415. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST — A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of JANE STANFORD JONES. No. 269-
1020. The finder will please return to bank.
J20 REWARD — Return long roll embroidery,
lout last week, to 215% Mason st.
LOST — Diamond shlrtstud, valued as keepsake.
Return to office Royal House; reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs old
gold and sliver to make new •watch cases.
MINES AXD MIJriMQ.
FOR sale — 100 acres No. 1 placer; Eastern Or-
egon. Bex 3370. Call office. • • •¦
SOLICITOUS AND SALESMEN.
WANTED — 3 or 4 outside men; house to house
proposition; good thing for hustlers. Apply
room 8, 1114 Washington St., Oakland, 10-
12 a. m. ¦ .
SPECIALISTS. x
CATARRH, DE^FNE^S^n^s'OISES^ln^EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottingham. 204 Sutter st.
. "special xotices.
DOCTORS and nurses— Candidates ' for chief
surgeon and for chief nurse at the French
Hospital are called. Address to the office of
the French Mutual Benevolent Society, 316A
Post «t, on or before 6 o'clock Wednesday,
' August 19. l'JCKJ. . V. GARDET, Secretary.
Ladles! Chichester*s English Pennyroyal Pills
are best; eafe, reliable; take no other. Send 4c
stamps for particulars. "Relief for p&dles."
In letter by return raalL Ask your druggtat.
Chlchester Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. Pa.
STOCKS AXD BOXDS FOR SALE.
$1200 A YEAR Income Insured if you buy 5
shares In our COOO-acre rubber plantation in
Mexico; small monthly payments; finest loca-
tion; best transportation facilities; cultivation
of rubber exclusively; no hazardous side lines.
Apply to-day for prospectus to the Conserva-
tive Rubber Production Co., 320 Parrot t
fcldr.. S&a Francisco, CaU . ' ¦ <
Mrs. Robert Henry. Mrs. . James Cruise and
George Fitzgerald and the late John T. and
Edward FlUgerald and Mrs. Mae Guest; a
native of San Francisco, aged 23 years and 7
months. -
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from the parlors of
McFadden. McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth, thence
to St. James Church for services at 1 o cloc*.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. „
GARRAUD— In this city) * August 13. 1903.
Alexander J. V..' beloved son of Justine Das-
tugue. brother of the late Gabriel Garraud
and Georgo Dastugue, grandson of Mrs. A.
Cau, and cousin of Charles, Adolph and Jus-
tin Herrgott and Mrs. Harktn*, a native of
' Ban Franclaco. aged 41 years 1 month and & ,
days. . .
C7Friends and acquaintances and mem-
bera of 8emlnole Tribe No. 54. Imp. O. K.
M., and Laundry Wagon Drivers' Union are
respectfully Invited to attend funeral to-day
(Sunday), *t 12:30 o'clock, from the funsral
parlors of Joseph Hagan, 1707 Sacramento
street, near Polk, tbenOe to Notre Dame des
Vietotres Church, Bush street, near Stockton,
where services will be held, commencing at
1:15 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery, by carriage.
GERDES— In this city. August 14. 1903. Sarah
Maude, beloved daughter of William R. and
the ' late Lena A. Gerdes, a native of San
Francisco, aged I year 1 month and 25 days.
G7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Sunday), at 10 o'clock, at her late
residence, 2233 Mission street, between
Eighteenth and Nineteenth. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery.
GOREVAN — In this city. August 13, 1003.
Mary, dearly beloved wife of the late Janvts
Gorevan, and loving mother of James. Ella,
'Anna and Agnes Gorevan, Mrs. Louts Vln-
* cent and the late Theresa, John, William
and Joseph Gorevan, a native of Kings
" .County. Ireland, aged 70 years 7 months and
8 days. ....
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
August 17, at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1825 Clay street, thence to St. Brigld •
Church, corner Van Ness avenue and Broad-
way, -where a solemn requiem high man will
be celebrated for the repese of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'ctock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
HARRINGTON— In this elty. August 15. 1903,
Captain M. H. Harrington, beloved husband
of Mary F. Harrington, loving father of
Florence Harrington, and son of Mrs. N. O.
Berry of Appleton, Me., a native of Maine.
(Appleton and Rockland. Me., papers please
copy.) • ,
' 'C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 233 Shot well street, thence to Bt.
Charles Borromw-'i Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HERBERT— In this city. August 14. 1903, at
his residence. 408 Pierce street. John F. Her-
bert, beloved husband of Mary B. Herbert,
a native of London, England, aged 6tf years.
IC Funeral private. No flowers.
JENSEN— In this city. August 13. 1903, Law-
rence, beloved husband of Mary Jensen, and
. father of Norms I.. Alma and Myrtle Jen-
sen, 'a native of San Francisco, aged o*
years and 3 days.
ETTriends arid acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, August It5, 1903. at 1:30 o'clock, at
the chapel of Charles H. J. Truman & Co.,
1900 Mission street, between Fifteenth and
Sixteenth. Interment Mount Ollvtt Ceme-
tery. . - '
MEMBERS of Cement Workers' Union No. 1
of California— You are respectfully requested
to attend the funeral o« our late brother. I*
Jensen, a charter member of our union. Sun-
day, August 16. 1903, at 1:30 o'clock, at the
chapel of Charles H; J. Truman k. Co.. l»0»
Mission street, between Fifteenth and Six-
teenth. By request of ,, . .
R. WUNDERUCH. President.
JOHNSTONE— In this city. August 15, 1S03,
Charles H. Johnstone. a native of Scotland,
aged 72 years.
JUDGE — In this city. August 15. 1903. -Atd
G., beloved daughter of Julia and tbr ate
Frank Judire, and dearly beloved sls« ¦. of
May Judge^a native of Virginia City, Nev.,
aged 22 yeare.
(ETThe funeral will take place Tuesday.
August 18, at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 309 Texas street, between Eight-
eenth and Nineteenth, Potrero, thence to St.
Teresa's Church, where a solemn requiem
1 mass will be celebrated for the repose o»
her soul, commencing at 0 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KELLY — In this city, August 15, 1903 Charles
Kelly, beloved son of the late Michael and
Catherine Kelly, and loving brother of Mrs.
' John Petrigan, Mrs. E. ReiUy,- Mrs. Thomas
Rellly and John. Henry. Cornelius, Daniel
and Jeremiah Kelly and the late Mrs. Thomas
"Duignan. * native of San Francisco. A
member of Aerie No. 6. F. O. E.
LANDWEHR — In this city. August 15. 1903.
Rosle J.. beloved daughter of Henry and
Elizabeth Landwehr, a native- of San Fran-
'clseo, aged li months and 20 days."
LENNON— In this city, August 14, 1903, James
H.. beloved husband of the late Annie- F.
Lennon. father of John H..' David J. and
Frank W. Lennon. Mrs. M. Shea and Mrs.
F. Lanonta. and brother of Barnard Lennon.
a natlt« cf Philadelphia. Pa., aged 63 years
1 month and 10 daya. -
t&r Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited tt> attend the funeral to-morrow
(Mouday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers. 86« Mission
street, between Fourth and Fifth, thence to
St. Brendan's Church for services at 11
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LYONS— In this city, August 13. 1903. James
P.. dearly beloved husband of Kitty Lyons,
loving father of Ethel Lyons, son of John
and the late Jnlla Lyons, and brother of
Joseph Lyons, a native of San Francisco,
aged 24 years 8. months and 23 days.
CTFrlenos and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(SunUay). afc 12 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 226 Clara street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MEMBERS cf Butchers' Union No. 115 are
hereby requested to attend the funeral of ou*
late brother. J. P. Lyons, on Sunday. August
16, at 12:80 o'clock, from his late residence,
226 Clara street. •
HERMAN MAY. Secretary.
MEE— In this city. August 15, 1903, John Mee,
beloved husband of Mary Mee. father of
Thomas Mee. and brother of the late John
and Mary Ellen Mee. a native of Rushc-
muck. County Galway. Ireland, aged 47
years. A member of the Longshoremen's
Union No. 222. , .
C^Remalns Jit the parlors of the United
Undertakers. 808 Mission street.
MORAN — In Oakland. August 13. 1903. Mich-
ael Moian, beloved husband of Catherine
Moran. and father of Mrs. S. R. Doyle. Mrs.
. J. E. Witney, Edward and Joseph H. Morin
and the late Mrs. G. Reslng. a native of
Westmrath, Ireland, aged 76 years.
ETTbe funeral will take place from his
late residence. 707 Twenty-seventh street,
Sunday. August 16. 1003. at 9:30 o'clock,
thence to St. Francis de Sales Church, where
services will be held at 10 o'clock. Inter-
, ment Holy Cross Cemetery, private.
MORRELL&—In this city. August 14, 1003.
Frank T. Morrelle. beloved husband of Mrs.
H. E. Morrelle, father of J. Ernest Morrelle,
and steofather of Charles M. Savage, a na-
tive of New York, aged 73 years 9 months
and 9 days. A member of California Castle
No: 1, Knights of the Golden Eagle.
(C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
at 2 o'clock, from the funeral parlors of
Porter & White, 423 Golden Gate avenue.
Funeral under the - auspices of California
Castle No. 1. Knights of the Golden Eagle.
Interment Odd Fellows'* Cemetery.
MULCAHEY— Iri this city. August 15, 1903,
Catherine M. Mulcahey, sister of R. P.
Qulnn of Watsonville and J. M. Qulnn. a na-
tlve of Virginia • City, Nev.. aged 33 years
and 1" days. ¦
¦ . (r^The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C O'Connor & Co.. 767. Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, .-where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul at 9 o'clock. Interment
. Holy Cross Cemetery- '/-,.->-¦
PUCKHABER— In this city. August 15. 1903,
Harry. C. beloved husband of Louisa Puck-
haber.' son of Louis H. and Anna S. Puck-
haber and brother of Mrs. Minnie . L. Bou-
ton, a native of San Francisco, aged 20 yeais
- '8 months and IS days. • -
ICTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
QUILTY— In this city. August 15, 1903. at Bt.
Mary's Hospital. Delia Qullty, beloved sister
of <Mrs. T. E. Collins and Mrs. M. J. Ryan
" of Fresno and the late Mrs. P. P.'McInerney
of San Francisco, and nleca of the Bar.
Father McNarr.ara of Merced, a native of
County Limerick. Ireland, aged 24 years.
RAT— In this city. August 13. 1903. Rosallno
A. - Ray, dearly , beloved mother of Mrs. J.
Dale, Harrison McCharles. P. L. McCharles
and Mrs. M. It. Cralgle. a native of Hast-
. Ing. Canada, aged 7s years 10 months and
2S days. (Humboldt, Cal.. papers pleaaa
copy.)
IT-7Friencls and acquaintances ar» respect-
fully ' Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter, Mrs. M. R. Craigle. 824
McAllister street. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
SCHAUMLOFFELL— In the City and County
Hospital. August 14. 1003. William Schaum-
loffell. a native of Germany, aged 53 years.
REICHSTETTER— In this city. August 1 13.
l'XEI. at his residence. 718 Railroad avenue
south, Gottlieb Reichstetter. dearly beloved
husband of Anna Reichstetter. and betovea
father of Harry. George, Annie, William.
Gottlieb Jr.. Frederick. Charles and Matthew
Relchetetter, a native of Fortheim. Wur-
temberg. Germany, axed Ctt years 4 months
and 5 days. A member of Hermann Lode*
No. 145. I. O. O. F. (Louisville. Ky.. and
Cincinnati papers please copy.)
C7Notlce of funeral hereafter.
TULL.T— In this city. August 14. MfO. Sarah,
beloved wife of the late P. F. Tully. ¦ and
dearly beloved mother of Manraret. James
and Charles Tully. Mrs. F. H. Klmball.
Mrs. E. F. Ring and the lato Mrs. L. J.
Luttlcken. a native of Scotland, aged 06
years. -
E7Friends and acquaintances ar« respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at i 8:30 o'clock, from her lat»
residence. KJ7 Caatro street, thence to Holy
Redeemer Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the reposs
of her soul, commencing at 0 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CARD OF THANKS. • . .V. \
The family and relatives of ths lata be-
loved John August . Mack extend their sin-
cere thank* to their many friends for their
kind sympathy and condolence during thetr
bereavement. „_
? CARD OF THANKS.
Mrs. Lizzie. Smith and family winh to
thank their many friends for their kindness
and symoathy in their late bereavement in
the loss of a loving husband and father.
'-"- _j MR3. LIZZIE SMITH.
A CARD TO THE PUBLIC.
We desire to thank the public for the liberal patronage of our carpet-
cleaning establishment. Our new plant has been in operation fourteen months
• —Just a little over a year. In this short Uino our business has grown to such
proportions that we have found it necessary to double the capacity of our
works. - - ... SS9B "*
We are now in a position to do your work more promptly than "ever.
Carpets taken up, cleaned and relaid the same day if desired.
\, We also beg leave to call your attention to the fact that we renovate
carpets without shrinking them a particle.
Again thanking you for your liberal patronage, we are. very gratefully
Pneumatic Carpet Gleaning Works
: CARNIE & BERNSTEIN, Props.
...ESTIMATES GIVEN...
34-36 CAPP STREET, NR. I6TH. Phone Mission 99None Perished in Fire.
No one perished .In Hie fire near the
1'ru-idio rarly yesterday mornlns. I*
H'jujscvin whose place of business the flre
started, was found to be uninjured,
thougrh when it broke out several persons
say be T.iiw asleep.
The officers in charge of the big guns
at Fort Miley will test the apparatus to
morrow morning between the hours of 9:30
and 11:20. AH residents in that section of
the city arc warned to keep the windows
of tholr houses closed, for the concussion
will be great and there is much danger of
g'.ass being shattered.
Will Test. Big Guns.
Mrs. Fannie "Williamson, who resides
with a married daughter at 1738 Hayes
street, made an unsuccessful attempt to
end her life yesterday afternoon by swal
lowing a portion of a bottle of chloral.
She was removed to the Park Emergency
Hospital, where the attending physicians
soon relieved her. Mr3. Williamson was
v.-orrted over family troubles, and for this
reason she said she wanted to die. She
refused to make any further statement.
Worries Over Family Troubles.
To-nl«ht. at Btelnway Hall, there will
be some particularly Interesting experi
ments of psychic manifestations by Dr.
Mclvor-Tyndall. Thought transference,
telepathy, psychometry and the various
phases of mental and psychic phenomena
will engage the greater part of the even-
Ing. The Bubject of the psychological lec
ture by the noted scientist will be "The
Mastery of Fate." ln which the question
of how to overcome Inherited conditions
will be fully dealt with. These Sunday
right lectures have become exceedingly
popular among those who look into the
underlying causes of life and its mani
festations. Dr. Mclvor-Tyndall enter
tains as well as instructs with the display
of his marvelous psychic powers. There
promises to be another large audience to
night, as there is already a large demand
for reserved seats.
Dr. Tyndall's Lectures.
injuries received by being run over by a
truck belonging to McNab _ Smith, and
driven by Adolph Johnson.
M. Buxley was riding in . the forward
part of the wagon and on rounding the
corner at, Fifth, and Bryant, he lost his
balance, fell from the wagon. The rear
wheels passed over his body. Adolph
Johnson, the driver, was arrested and
charged with manslaughter. He waa re
leased on $50 ball.
Adolph Johnson, the Driver, Is Ar
rested and Charged at Station
With Manslaughter.
M. Buxley. a laborer, about 47 years of
age, died yesterday while en route to the
Central Emergency Hospital of Internal
M. BUXLEY IS BUN OVER
AND DIES OF INJURIES
Shortly before 10 o'clock last night
Thomas Eacon, a cook, cut his throat
from ear to ear at his residence, 406>4
O'FarrclI street. He used a razor.
Bacon had been a sufferer from heart
disease and he was despondent because he
could not work. He had threatened sui
cide many times and had probably planned
last night's deed some hours in advance.
He sent his wife out to get a doctor,
claiming to be 111. and then sent his son
Into another room. As Eoon as he was
eione he took his razor and slashed his
throat from ear to ear, dying almost In
stantly. His son discovered him and tele
phoned to the Morgue, wnlther his body
was sent.
Thomas Bacon Slashes Throat From
Ear to Ear and Dies Al
most Instantly.
DESPONDENT AND ILL,
COOK ENDS HIS LIFE
C. Dur.lap and J. M. Baker beat J. B. Ada:ns
arid Prt-d Sherwood. 6-4, 7-5; Mies A. Beyfuss
• r.d W, Quinn beat Miss AUberrer and O. Rad
f< Ti. 6-2: Ouinn beat Meade Hamilton. 6-4, 6-8.
?»-l ; Paul Yost and Qu'.nn beat W. Hadford and
Georire S^milh. S-**: Miss V. Keyfuss wid B.
1!-Farland boat Miss A. Beyfuss and E. Knick
«rhocker. 7-5: Mis? G. Lindstrom and M'.sg A.
PeyfUSl beat Miss C. Reuck end Mlee C. Lind
«rom. C-l; Sites R«"uck and Miss A. Bey'us?
beat th* Llr.dftrora Elrterr. 7-8.
An invitation scratch doubles tourna
ment was given by Miss Spllvalo at Bel
mor.t Thursday. The two Eilver cups
v.cre won by Miss Ellen Page of San
Francisco and Miss Lina Johnson of Los
Angeles. The winners lost only one set
during the tournament. Five teams coxn
ieted. Partners were selected by lot. .
Grant Emith beat Carl Gardner. 6-3, 6-0. 7-9:
Vn:i Volkmtr.n beat Him' McAfee, f— t. <!-O.
r,-4, C-:.': Brai'ey Wallace tied Richard Buckley.
€-4 4-C. 7-5. 3-6; Alden Aciet tied Sidney
6nilth. 6-2. rfl<>; Robert Drotla beat Ames,
f,-i> c-o 6-0; Sidney Salisbury beat \V. Averell.
<-2. 7-5: L.. C. Bozarth lied W. S. Hull. e-4. 4-«.
ar.d beat Hen Wood, C-2, 6-3. 6-4; Dr. Noble
beet A. L.ltt>.. 6-4. 6-0. €-!•; H. Gabriel beat
Little. C-C. 6-4: Averell and Gardner beat Par
lor and eaJietmry, 6-0. 6-1. 1-6. 6-3. 7-5: G.
C«g»tll and Dr. Loxtctovc beat Noble and
Little. 6-:j. C-2. 7-5; Mitchell and Hill beat
Pchmidt and MacGavin. 6-2. C-3, 6-4; Mitchell
brat Schmidt. 6-3; SiscGavir. beat Collier. 6-3,
fc-C; H. Uuysell beat H. Lone, 6-2, C-3. 6-3.
On the park courts several good mixed
doubles matches were played. Miss A.
Beyfuss arid W. Quinn beat Oliver Rad
ford and Miss Anna Allbergcr in the best
iratch of the day. The following matches
were played:
U. Russell, who Is expected by many
to win the ttcond class at the park to
day, showed to gocd advantage ln his
rr.atch with Herbert Long. He beat the
latter in straight pets.
The following matches were played:
Another good match was that played
*y Carl Gardner and W. Averell and Sid
ney Salisbury and Homer Parker. The
former were too strong for their oppo
nents and wen four out of five sets.
The best match ln doubles was that in
which Mitchell and Dr. Hill beat Schmidt
and MacGavin.
Frar.k Mitchell won a one-set match
from Herbert Schmidt. Mitchell has been
practicing regnlarjy on the San Rafael
J. Drurrinend MacGavin made his re
eppcarar.ee on the courts after an ab
sence of nearly thre* months. The rest
has evidently dene him pood, as he played
In fine form. He beat William Collier
quite handily after he had warmed up ln
a doubles match. Collier has be«n putting
up a Etror.g game cf late, but was out
played by MacGavin.
Grant Smith played a three-set match
with Carl Gardner, ln which he won the
first two sets and lost the last. Smith Is
Improving his back court game and cel
dem goes to the net ln practice.
The mild weather attracted a large
number of tennis players yesterday to
both the California and park courts. On
th© c!ub courts all of the first class men
v.ere out and put in the afternoon prac
ticing hard for the coming championship
lcurr.an-.cnt, which Is only two weeks
Mitchell and Dr. Hill Victors
in the Best Contest of
the Day.
Beats Collier in a Past
Teonis Set on Cali
fornia Courts.
LONG REST DOES
MACGAVIN GOOD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, STTNDAYv AUGUST 16, 1903.
44
—' » ii ¦¦ i i " ' ¦¦ ¦ ¦ i ¦ i ¦¦ i -¦¦¦i. ¦¦¦¦¦¦- I.,. ¦¦¦—!¦ . _¦ - - . - ¦¦-¦¦I..- ' i ¦ . _ _2_______*SL
HALE'S. |- ( HALE'S. . | . .HALE'S. I HALE'S. | SALE'S. ...» ,
H fjk l_--*c o I o I iT/"VF*tfi Yd I ctni^tn^kV^uT __
~^^ A4lii§__Ii_^ m- %^oJ_L!^JbM!_=-_J^^ — • _-^-^ — ' s
_^ m *"*^—^^ "~_dBr_l£*? —Efflp—P^y _ _ . fi ft M__n_ok_^^ " ' cj _ ts ' - a # * s^ — —^^^ 9l t § frvitlV v_3K_b__h ¦ • • — —"
on and on and on. It's from such a store that real, true values develop. Women haven't been slow rinding it out. They know that
a bargain at Hale's is bought, not made. August is the one month of the year we take to prove our policy — to lay it in barer outline " ==> -
before the people. We are clinching it with offers that are convincing.
wekome to our New Milliliferv 2 - 95 and $3.95\ Silk Waists Jo-Morrow at $1.95
G. A. R. QueStS ' * But 44 of them. Peau de Sole.. Taffetaa »d a few Silk Moreens.
_, ¦ • ¦ For immediate wearing. . . / others with large pleats, duchess fronts,trimmed with silk frogs; some are tucked from the sno^f er * *° Jff lz^" st J^° e ,;
The Store 16 yours. -* j- t Vl**~ • *i u ; ;«« thit week making mubh fullnessf which is so much desired now. Blacks, whites, pinks old rose, yellow and blue. Not all sizes. Some
T ... J - Makes its first appearance tw the Hale salon tnis zveeK. ot them may Bhow th^ lr nandllnK a bUf but that a IIttle fault whe n you think of your saving.
Jts waiting-room. ., hurrJed here by express> so as to be a feature of the $5#00 and $675 Silk Walsts at $ 3>85 These Silk Waists at $5.65
ItS pOStOmce. orrnvmo- nrncrrammp anH an imnnrtant nne for there are nOt Only 1« of them yesterday. Pe&u d 9 Soles. Taffetas. Crep« do Chln««. | Marked down yesterday from $7.50 W-« »^ 'iI*-,_ M t na P^J!
TtQ t^l^nhnnP service growing programme ana an important. One, IOr.Ulcic at j trimmed with folds of the same material and fancy silk but! oe Sole*. Peaa «_C][KB«\ Pon $ e ? "h, 1^^^ h l£S
US teiq)none SeniCC ? r .; rntT ,^ J« cc U^L • " tons iome with henmltchlr.*: others h*v8 lace _id slot Beams. -illlnc fwhlon.. with tucks and hemst Uehteir. trtaacd J"--™*?
T7,.-r, m™ norinrc n »-Vii'rVi thf iN eW trimmed dreSS hatS, . . blacks, white* reds, blue and pink, broken slaes. »nd x»»y b« not buttons and silk or-menu. Blues, whites, blacks. Uxu and gT*y».
11\ en COZy nariUib 111 WIIH.11 V.iic t* ± i j j f^i ' e j'i i *.,. t0 ° broken If you are DroaiDt. ' • -
, ,. a ¦*. v But hundreds of styles of readv-to-wear hats. . v; -, - y -prompt. . -
ZHiZ mav^nt to get And a bargain in a^few-like salt-to give flavor to them all. 7 Q Q f Or ;.JhCSC WhitC WaiStS WOrth Up tO $1.00
some novelty or Wenir with || andja.oo Zibeline Mohair | fl |^^HbSHH w^S^f
which to remember California, Fdts at -l^c ouMo-rnc,^ g *£_3£_, St 1 SS^tStfS? SSTJSSAS
h ereare Some are pure white, some black, In chiffon and maline combined- beautiful medallion.. _. .->,^^ part and are tempting just now.
ciw U H^ A w Zn Go1Sn T GS; "i* i™^ ° f some black and white, some navy blue, those soft hats that are not too heavy __
orange"" w<«d Plaques. 35c: burnt design some Oxford gray— best colors ofthe for mid-season wearing ana yet can oe ¦ ., ...,,¦ -..,, '¦¦¦¦¦¦ L _ _. ". ''¦'' w-«l -t 11 __ A 1 1
of ciirt Hou|*. rerrj- Buiuing. Golden Gate season, best shapes and but one of a worn all fall. Trimmed m the-- latest Vjd. \/ __*-» S _?__ I a /"r___? • A/I ACf U'«^m €k f\ti\ X\\ P* OT All
Pa caVo r rnla with natural bark for kind. Samples of the full lines you will Paris modes with birds, ostrich plumes \f\. ¥61115© Lr£lC6S • iYlOSt KClllciriVClUlC Ul rill
pincushion. 20c. see later in the season at full prices, or wings. They re all blacK ana DiacK : C , V . . : .-~. -
aEscrtment of 6ea Shells. 25c. 76c But ?2 q{ thcm TheSfi are but a d roD an( i w hl te . $3.50, $4-00, $5-00. $5-25 and \ <Ona of the demonstraUona planned for Anguat.)
postal cards or Ean Francisco, in the bucket compared to all the au- $7.oo. 5000 yards of the present pretty styles,' in magnificent variety, go out to-morrow for the first
view Uooks of san Francisco. 25c. N, time at o half and a third and some even a quarter of their actual worth.
Souvenir Horned Toad on California orange __ .' . .:•-. . ¦':¦ . * .1 ... ...-.' , ' . t j j j' • *^ t-U* «M/<Vi*ef mt>An]linn
wood plaque. 45c. _-- j - j ' Ql r*A r C \ 1 1 v _* All widths and all styles — from the narrow bands and edgings up to tne ncnesi meaaiiiun
camomia Novelty &l3.TlQ3.¥(l DlflCK OllKS and festoon ideas ; 8 and 10 and 12 inch wide. Then, when you think how new they are— and
PillOW Cases, 1254C. All I InrlprnrirpH fresh (not a yard has ever been on sale before), and Jhat there.isn't a -more coveted trimming for
(An August Extra.) &£ vl1 uuuci P 1 lwcu the Autumn waist or skirt or costume or evening coat than these laces, you'll see what a daring, un^
S^^^^^^SS Even those soft French Peau de Cygnes, to be in such favor precedented sale it is.
dozen. Come to us so we can make f or p a u costumes (qualities we never sell less than $1.25 and __ — , ... -.-- \ /; •
this special price, I2j4c. <-. N .... j o a a *. cc V c, .,.-i:tip C ;..:n k« tu~ r> — ItS JUSt like Hale S.
— — - $1.50), will be-9oc and $1.10. And taffetas — $1 qualities will De The Reason J • „ . .
Bed Sheets - 45c. oc ' 75 C ones win be 6oc and our 5 OC ones win be 4 ° c * va s r^ g "ngE "J?aJ- f . And shows U P as never fore the &' 1? and power ° orgam-
Full size (81x90 inches). * Money saved on them all. '"foi^a?* Kd pieces left zation on the world's markets. This is the one great reason we do it. We want
Hale's bargains. It has a true rinsr. And Oil silks worth Saving, else it wouldn't pay US tO do it. over after orders were ,-* -? tti. eamA timd w# ari» Hnirnr that
Made from a^heavy brown muslin that -^ bi t t of t he . bargain i s in the silks. Quality counts with a And others were gi^n show-you how wc have grown. And yet, at the same time we aredoing that,
15 But when"' come'To'wear and ser- Hale's. We have faith in our si Iks. As other folks get acquainted^ we are planting other seeds of growth-preparing for future fruitage,
vice we can mention them, they have, too. So we thought to widen our new ac- that deveibp ln a season ' VpIum like that are sure to redound to our rood.
Hale s Economy Sheets quaintance by shortening the pri ces a bit. . ; ¦ - Vv.--r , , -^* _
which are made heavier in the centers. * . "'^ ° • ¦ * . _ ., fl o , - . co - n arl j CO fin Also ecru Venetian lacea. medalllonii. festoonlacs. i*» to a*j
It makes them wear longer than those An^.n-nAej .. r> j a f\ _ % 98C yd.— USUally Sold 31 $-.5U ana 5>»1.UU. mche.. h,™ »*a th»~.
that are not. Same as stockings that ure A IT Silk TaffetSLS tO GO flt 4UC VSLTU Exquisite designs In ecru Venetian laces, large floral mfla"^ Some of the Piece, ln « hta »»* «tow » plnhol. here "*««?•
doubly strengthened at points of the most • rWI - 71 ««^ ¦ ClllCt«_» IV/ VJU OIL TV/W J«»U ehapea or festoonlnss which can be made Into separate motifs; 6 to TheyTe so small that no one would thtnlc of considerlns them ilnce
contact. We have them ln four sizes. 'i' ,i v ... . „ '- v . - , /, ' 12 Inches wide. - •„. ., - sne Is buying: 00c and Jl lace, at *5c. v
4.->c-5<x9o. It's a quality that s excellent value at 50c and one we have a c^\" l ? m rtrix_5 iet^6H lll to s^ciS widT. p 4 "^" 1 * for nat 25c yd.— Usually Sold at 50c.
TlSc-SS ready sale for at that price. But we made special purchases, so we ° r 7sc™d.- Usually °Sold for $1.50 and $2 00. baad ??,< Ia £ TZg?$SV£* o^^blL, SSST ***** ¦'•??
7Oc - 90x90 make a special price.. It's all silk in the best dye. First time Mon- er >«^»_i« d in |:s «iji^«^ " ; 25c y6 fof A| ,. Ovcr Laccs Wo rth 50c.
Her Ladyship Corsets day morning ' 4OC yard • ' • "-^— — -^T^
Are winning many hearts. 90c Swiss Taffetas at 70c. J 75c Taffetas at 60c. \^ ™ u M ecru net top BOlat •"•• 7% lnchM wldc ' aU ot E&tZiSZZSX^ th " c
-in their stvle, *m_3_ cioth, extra heavy and 8wi S8 ca^ b^^om'nfeS. Tithes 0^ h&t 50c yd.-Usually Sold at75c and $1.00. . I5c yd.-Usually Sold at 25c and 35c.
?1, O V cf««Ul, fintsn - Jt ha B our indorsement, for we French Peail dC CvUneS Ecru shades and clusters of peard. a» well as white In cluster. Venetian lace trtnxmtags In separable meoalllon effect s ana re.-
— the r strength, would not Mk you t 8a m0^ y on On l^ e n J B^JX^^l\ ni «™« whlch can eastly warated lnto ornanaenta 4 lnches - t0OM "J h * aA !' liwr and 20c
their COmfort, something on which It isn't worth sav- according to present conditions will b'e Xlso stvles ecru. In p-apevlne patterns. 3 lnche. wide: Venlse 9C yd. — USUally OOlU 31 IDC and _UC.
... .. , Ing. • the most popular for fall. It has that lace trimming. IU InchM, as well as «ru net top lace In pretty rwe Point Venice galoons. white, ecru or Arabian shades, 1 to 3
Was SO manifest women were taken soft finish that when you take hold of it designs with a heavy Venetian edjte. 7 Inches wide. ; - - inches, with patterns that may be separated. Also white ana ecru
SI?iuh^"4^1h«- combines eas e 5 100 Swlss Taffetas Are 80c, i^?S n % > r r . t cro k r o b t re a a5"" T h h a e I k < ''Sr?!!£!; 25c yd.-Usually Sold at SOc and $1.00. «•« "' ' " '^ t ,„ d |2Kc
Other corset. That Is no reason at all for being less jiTs quality at 90c. paJoon bands to match. Some of the patterns 1% to 3% Inches. Inches. Also whit* embroidery net bands. 1^ laches.
Even $i.oo ones show that. - than it is worth. The reason is with us. $1.50 quality at $1.10. - .-/-.,(.:
They are just as true and carefully OC8QCQ CllfliriS. ('faHifnfc'
made in this respect as the $25 ones. All WreailCir_» -7alC
4HS:r;:Zr a The- New Lace Curtains ;|^ efirsttimeto . y Muslin Underclothes
mrn^vJwhhTou iSd6?,Sl k Jkh And prices Hale's are asking are worth noting. That >e low mp t row . Right> too, when [ $lJ0O skirts are 870.*" "*"' "'^Skirts are 95 c.
a corset as pernaps you've never -been prices' are not on lagging lines or broken patterns, but bright new this beaded idea is such a craze. $1.50 Skirts are $1.00. §*-75 Skirts are $1.15.
fitted be ore. curtains, in originaldesigns and greater variety of them than we why> here are Skir}s are $I>6 -
n^ Cn+*±c? ever had before. Beaded Girdle Chains Ne ™^<^^^
UO=UartS Housekeepers have been quick to grasp the opportunity. And " %F«££r& ft 1^ and as de,,^ „ r«__»t-.««n«. fl
And HOW Far aS the neWS S P readS ° therS WllK \ fn^u^Uen and wh.te beads; 72 Inches COrSet'COVCrS 15C.
Your Money ARABIAN CURTAINS. »2. 50- These At S5c are some plain and I figured Not-' '.^-«- B-d Chains. 35c. amber. Soft-finished 1 musHn^^gt-ntdnr. h« 8 h around we,. .^hemst«tch,n B above the ruffle. 1 to
.,..„ _ rr , , are in new patterns for the parlor, 11-. tinghams. medium wide borders. blue r ««i Lorenette Chains 35c with 21c for outers 6f flne cambric. V necks, with '
Will GO at Hale's. brary or even dining-room. Borders are At , 1>25 are extra wWe> *Z£A\£S*£*S*^l£k- -«-t cluster ofTemstltched tucks and embroidery. , The SkirtS. o
94.05 buys a full size reclining cart centers™ At $1.50 9 splendid new patterns. Very time we had them we sold them quick at others trimmed with lace %XM WHrfE SKIRTg AT s - fc _ CamW^
%eed nicely varnished; separate S& P^nlw pattern- in Ara.ian curtains at JS__f D S^S 8^SS^ S^»W WS _5
and foot attachment; Rrcen eear and smothers woven with heavy cabl« wide and 3^ yards long. • "sT Lorgnette cnaina. w in.. BO cambrlc *%,„,, of flne cluster ot nne tucks. dust ruffle. f-,..
scroll springs. Its just as large and thread, in square mesh effects, with SCOTCH NET CURTAINS. S1.5O. 1* "—Girdle Chains. 3 strands, with tassels, . Children's Drawers IOC $1-25 WHITE SKIRTS. O5e— « strtes. flne
' with lUSt as many improvements as plain centers, at $4.00. new styles, GO. 54, 56, 60 inches 1 wide; CO In.. BOc. „ . _.,.n- finished at the bottom with three cambric, aom» with 12-lnch lac« flounce,
a rnorr exnensive nni anH ft^ ni^t NOTTINGHAMS. «r»C. 75c; splendid widths suitable for single windows. -Lorgnette Chains, with turquoise blue Sof ' ™ ulI 1 J^ f ,tM x to 10 years. All at one with tucks and Torehon lac. ruffle,. Other
fn?w5hg?S! "favS "uttnw ¦ Curtains, ecru or white. , French windows and even bay windows. t^^ Aouhle BtnnAs , t .ncy S ' ' style, with deep Valenciennes lace flounce.
$7.50 buys, a hood-top carriage up- Fig_fed SilkoliljeS, 10c. onf EiW&bS „* . ."71Rpf IMFS " SflV<5 Ffl<5hinn
bolstered m India doth, withv plush & Some 860 yards. 36 Inches wide, floral and Oriental designs, some very dainty the best. . _^1 DEL. 1 1^1 CrOj v^d^& I^d_>llIUIl.
roll noon top, lined and padded to ideas for home draping. Others for comforts. 2i£'j?.K4 ¦'¦'¦¦ -Z~~ T orn-noHo CUnlrya mr • - tt A ? _? 2 _, )) C* f f A I I""M_"*
rh ch nutSsa?& r^V^ps w^ „ f • ', :\ "Aye, Aye, Sir, Says HALE'S.
teti™™c$"l£Mk™ W ' ' «.^dSStM^ff d U n -i a ow ta _;Pp :^ entlreIy ln - lonif - — This is the cloth and here is the place to see it in all its varia-
• • • • • Hale Dressing Parlors. ti
v * -t „ r - nstu ' u> ¦ Tf^I^i^ftoS.-So'oTa Plain or hairline stripes or checks or bouretted dots and lines
Your spectal attention ts called th tszveek to >, If yoU w ? nt your • nair snampooea . ™,,«j e
* • we are prepared to do »t and ? uar- thrown up on Zlbeline grounds.
y W 1 • s~f . -g rrs 1 t W • antee to please you. If your : hair is The $1.75 lina is the latest addition and prettiest; plain and rather
Si Z\ I Ch d f I (T\iTki9 I QnlA i f^ £_#!!?_?*'* 8f!8_i falling out we can treat it. Mr. A. h . with a smo 6th. soit. silkv finish like a moleskin; 54 inches.
I ICllU _3 VJlvJvrU 1 ClUlv l-4iilClJl_5 \ }ju F. Cosgrove, our hair and scalp spe- $1.50 ones are checked and bubbling over with a style. Right next to
¦Svl- cialist, will examine your scalp and thcm arc t j, ese illuminated Zibelines. This is one of the cleverest ideas for
And the OriCe With Which We'll O*ive them S\ hnnct hair free of charge. If it requires autumn . Two colors are worked in together on a pebbly surface. Neither
AllU LilC P r *-C Wllll WniUl WC ll give inem a DOOSt.. treatment the charges will be reason-- sce ms to overshadow^ the other. Each seems to be worthless without the
¦p. , ,. , . , j (An August Proposition.) , . . : a blc. Manicuring? Let us do , it ! otherj so j t is a cloth to see if you want something real smart— $r.5O.
UamaskS, napkins and bordered cloths Will be on sale, many of the prices less than we usually ask. for you. If the nails are deformed ¦ Bouretted Zibelines are a clever contrivance. The knotted places pop up
Think of an All-Linen Damask for 33; and the one at 50c (pure linen) and 66 inches wide, • now and then in lines, giving a striped effect, or again making squares. $1.35
tOO. men at 05c, 75c, J^LOO and $1.35. Values Significant Of Hale's. We might tell you what they may desire a switch or .pompadour •/ 31.25 Zibelines are plain. 54 inches wide.
are worth. That wouldn't be a true test. The best part of the bare-ain is in the oualitv or front , piec f- ht Kl c here an i ? 1 - 00 line is a da5nty hair * lin e stripe. It makes a most striking street cos-
" ° ¦-:;;"',"""•"' only the best always. We are proud tume.
TVT-^ *^| rZ+m r* ' Its this of whic h we are proudest. It's this .from which we'll get the' of what we have and what we do. The last one is perhaps the most stirring one.
nClDl\l Ih most good. We wouldn't make the efforts to spread our linens if we didn't Even these handsome parlors. T'U re*- ±. ¦_. J
JT w know they would stay spread-that air who buy will buy again when they ¦ We would like to have you. see them L\V£\\T\Q OUItinSJSat TOC 3. ySLTC.
7 »%_*S i Jf ni 2iJ2_f ° ne8# 2 ° ln * Bqu * r * : ln nC SnTnsiv. Jn fWi *~A f 11 \ *u • - -r ¦ j '. ' • t. T^u cleanIi " es . s . of the rooms and In f dressy effects: a style that is hard to find in any other coods for
¦1 iJK L 'iStIT_»__ _, _ th t Thr fa,l P r V u 'c '¦ • SC11 at t hese P r '«s even if it doesn't, pay right. bright aspect of everything. - the money, and better style by far than has ever been brought out before in
•wmwa^nlwe^ money he is Strangers especially are mvited. zib eline. At 50c. All wool. .^8 inches wide.
•^^^bnS^frsu?* 11 * pure A • • - Do rj st ? irs ,v u" -¦ Sale Wrist Ba_rs.
«_„ +*«; would ewthlS^«™u £f» in? »V i'° U ""en. closely woven. 70 In. . wide, heavy Are some' notable values this, week. A_-r***^^ TT « 1OU «_#C4-_«^«
1 ' 50 -^ 68 l °- \ T^ne-t^ cloth. XapK.ns to match ,t are *3 25 a doz. Among which arc: ¦ $ $
•2.15 ones are 6Sx44 ln bordered all around "».* «c unlo«sdama«k. 50o a yd.-All linen damaa*. unbleached. 64 The • Pa>rett Scouring and Bath . : P „ • " iT *
y w 8 o^aVdwith'^in i fl^h all . aroUD(1 ' ;:- : «®e^.^*f5 x &%&^y&$£v ,V •„• '^T' Brick. It's 354c. .. -V , : As well as music rolls, 2 S c .
«"*•»"• c^ kind ' 4 W s ¥ p Wf % ¦
!I'£2=SS • C5 P^a-yd?-SV p ,"^^^^^ -. sauce Pans, white enamel and lip-. All extra .values,, the. wrist 'bags;cspccially. .
Th^^t^nished* German cloth, whlh " -^p"SS f U?S-t_i It. 22 Inch. : square. S2 dz: : M^^K^tK^ ped >2 -quart size/ but 20C. / .' ¦ B Ut think of paying 2 5 C f Or a ; grain. icatllCf. .W.HSt. bag. With 2.
They re soft nnlEbed German cloths, which CSc yd. fora beautiful unbleached da.mn«k ones • ¦¦/ Ivnt»v Knnn Tc. ' • i ' i • e "" m • • h i • . . t <t .,i <e n-
grO w better with wa.h.ns. to JB £ ,u nMn^««fu, -bleached damaeu. -,^ . nickel frame ;^^ .with a small; hand mirror ; and ; bottle of smelling
7 * OWCIS Alt inClUUCQ 111 oalC. . : _^» iSS? */££/? * g 7Saf/ Another ."one^n walrus^slcih, ' with nickel .frame and. inside
• Every-day Towels, but not every-day prices. \ S^&Mbzmgf _^3P^ J%&/ ' €5i _' _-,,- _ v - ' pocket, leather lining.
Cotton Towels 5C. Othfr t0 %"' 8 . nh^^Turkish, as high as 60c. • ftfw /_^il__) ' The $i.oo ones are in seal with oxidized tnct.il frnme and chain and
Hurk woven, with red borders, fringed ends. fJ.UCK IOWClS-I2C. - . ' /MbF/ ffifirf 'i— '^ K§S— W JMb[(-& OJj^^^^ extra inside pocket. -¦-•.'.'
JT -ir U H n ;»w cotton buck ones red border, .."i« avy a^ *?*¦ We have^d them before >_^7 /sffl J2SWSP N—^ V£*^ J^b^' $1.25 ones are in walrus skin with platnl frame and chain, chamois linins:
anlT^rnVd. S in .' borde «. jow as 15c. but never a, cheap as this, 20x JIM/ /« -A^ | . ***pT^ ~ aS well as an inside pocket,
Turkish Towels OC iO- ; -nc— For a linen buck towel: quite heavy; /&*** __-^- -^/_W3_^f»J9_ _^_«_«#_€b __^^ 2 5 C Music Rolls— Leatherette, full length, with leather handle.
jrsss —" z t- — '- SF- •^-':-«s^__£2__22_S^^ ¦ iJz2%gS;^_^_& s &"_ h^rif ! IkM toitthtrSAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, AUGUST 16, 1903.
whose studios In Chelsea are only : fifty
yards apart , are more intimate. Abbey
and 'Frank Millet used to 'live down at
Broadway in the .vicinity of Mary Ander
son de Navarro, and Abbey is said to
bo one of "our Mary's" devotees. But
the best thing the average Englishman
has fo say of Abbey la that h« Is aa
ardent cricketer.
SOME WELL KNOWN CORNERS IN THE ARTIST SUBURB OP LONDON WHERE " CARLYLE ONCE LIVED.
• AND ONE OF THE .MEN WHO IS KEEPING ALIVE FOR THE GENERATION TO COME THE ARTISTIC
TRADITIONS OF THE PLACE/. .,.'.' . .
welcome. But the artist never seeks the
society of women. However, he doesn't
seek the society of any. His neighbor,
Abbey, is his great friend; Frank Millet
and Alfred Parsons are ' others. Helleu,
the French etcher. Is an intimate of Sar
gent and so is Manchlnl, the Italian
whose curious work with blocks of paint
Sargent much admires.
Sargent has three fads. He is passion
ately fond of music and plays the piano
well. He bicycles and keeps himself lit
by dally rides about the environs of Lon
don. He collects pictures and his studio
is filled with the work of his contempo
raries. His generosity to young artists
Is proverbial. He Is a visitor in one. of
the art schools and takes keen pleasure
In methods of teaching art.
No living artist makes such a fabulous
lrcoxne from his cxtu&l work-in-hand as
Sargent. His fee Is $5000 a figure, and last
year he exhibited seventeen pictures,
several of which included three figures.
The seventeen excluded a number of
paintings which for reasons best known
to himself Mr. Sargent sent direct to their
purchasers. Mr. Sargent invests . his
money Immediately and spends compara
tively little on himself. He lives at the
studios and has one man servant.
Edwin Austin Abbey, "who does painted
Illustrations," Is painting his vast official
picture of the coronation partly in Chel
sea and partly at his country place, Mor
gan Hall, where all sorts of armor and
other historic: settings help him* in the
staging of the ponderous picture. For
this, too, the King has already given Mr.
Abbey several sittings, and the Queen will
give at least one before the work is con
cluded six months hence. Nearly all the
great Dukes and Duchesses have sat. It
Is a fact not generally known that Mr.
Abbey's picture of the coronation is not
primarily for English consumption, if "one
may use the .expression, but for traveling
purposes. In the .United It is being
pafnted at the expense of Messrs. Agnew,
the picture dealers, and will be exhibited
by them in America immediately on com
pletion. In- addition to this picture, Mr.
Abbey is at present working on one of a
Series of paintings by various artists
illustrative of the history of the city of
London. These illustrations will hang in
the . Royal -, Exchange. Mr. Abbey has
also Just • finished ; an altar piece" for the
American, church, in 'Paris. .•: . . •'
Abbey is ; a strong ¦ contrast to ' Sargent.
He ,1s seen much more In society than is
Sargent and; is given •;; credit '.for .being
rather fond of titles. '.While of a reticent
turn, he none the less, seems' to enjoy
going. about and /willingly. jnakes use of
the social ! opportunities so ¦ freely ! given
the ' successful artist. "T.hll May was a
great friend 'of ' Abbey . and so is Dana
Gibson, although Abbey and Sareent,
With Edward Abbey, the Great Painter Is Keeping Alive
Traditions of Old Ghelsea.
The Thames is no longer particularly
beautiful there and many of the ancient
landmarks themselves, one after another,
have been destroyed. Most cf Chelsea
no longer looks centuries old. The Bo
hemian element of artists has largely dis
appeared and In Its place a less reputable
contingent, neither Bohemian nor con
ventional, has flooded the quarter.
But so long as Sargent and Abbey live
Chelsea will not cease to be the Mecca
of many modern pilgrimages. Sargent Is
fit present the greater drawing card of
the pair. How iong he will remain so Is
a Question much discussed In London Just
cow.
Sargent's position Is unique. Three In
teresting things are true of him. He Is
the lion of the hour; his Income from his
annual sale of paintings is $100,009; he has
his enemies— es every strong man should
have. Lionizing Is not one little bit to
Sargent's taste. He closed his rambling
studios the other day and ran away In
sheer terror of his admirers. The last
week before he went he couldn't even
be induced to open his letters. He ft
said to have remarked that he simply
couldn't bear it if any on* else asked him
to paint them. So he departed for Spain
Just In the height of the London season
and will remain there until the last of
September. He will not even paint an
other Wertheimer for a few months. The
wealthy banker has some member of his
family sit to Mr. Sargent every year and
is himself probably the maddest of the
Eargcntites. He pays his bills to the
painter in blank checks.
Sargent is so ehy that if you say palrft
ing to him he blushes. He is the most
modest of men and never refers either to
himself or his work. Sargent Is unmar
ried and his confirmed bachelorhood Is 'a
matter of regret to many high-born Eng
lish ladies. Tet Mr. Sargent does not
pose as - a woman hater. Indeed, when
ladies visit his studio on the rare occa
sions when he entertains, they are
tt*rmed by the simple cordiality of his
old-fashioned Quarter along: the
Thames, thtee miles south of West
minster Abbey, was at the zenith of Its
C'.ory twenty-five years ago, when Rosetti
climbed the tree beneath his studio win
dows to escape the wrath of his sacred
bulL The sacred bull and Kosetti are
both dead now ana on the spot where the
bull did the chasing !s erected a modern
apartment builcir.g known as Rosetti
Mansions. Turner, who died In a tum
ble-down building near Rosettl's studio.
knew Chelsea at its best. To-day the
prestige of the f*aous haunt of artists
Is maintained chiefly because two famous
ir.cn, delighting in the bequeathed asso
ciations, continue to live there.
LONDON. Aug. 15.— Chelsea, the
artist suburb cf London and
once the home of Carlyle, 1b In
process of passing away. The
Sargent Finds His
Popularity a
Burden.
Pages 45 to 48
Pages 45 to 48
AMERICAN ARTIST MAKES $100,000 A YEAR FROM SALE OF HIS
PORTRAITS AND IS SO IN DEMAND THAT HE HAS TO HIDE AWAY
/rn I c^'t wS^^^^^^m^St^T i^^gH • Jt Wi7 1^^ f^ jfcYi^j >] T , 'w*' *^*"t"L ' ini ¦ I kScK ftfl " I SmI T-JHERR FRITZ SCHEEL. ONE OF THE THREE GREAT ORCHESTRA CON
DUCTORS OF AMERICA. WHO. BY THE GRACE OF THE SAN FRAN
. CISCO SYMPHONY SOCIETY. IS HERE FOR TEN WEEKS.
Bad Eyes in. Boston Schools.
Examinations of over 200,000 pairs of
eyes and careful tabulation of the results
in the Boston public schools show that
nearly all children enter the primary
schools with normal eyes.- In the higher
grades one-fourth of the pupils are my
opic, and in universities this increases
until from 60 to 70 per cent of 'the stu
dents are myopic. In other words, near
sightedness increases steadily from the
lower to the higher grades, and In exact
proportion to the length of time devoted
to the eyestraln of school life.— Exchange.
Biggest Park' in the World.
Los Angeles has the biggest park in the
world. It was presented by a newspaper
man named Griffith and is called Grif
fith Park. The giver asked that no rail
road leading to the park should be per
mitted to charge more than 5 cents fare.
Central Park. New York, cost over $15.
000.000 and consists of 840 acres. Grif
fith Park. Los Angeles, Is a tract of 3000
acres. It includes two and one-half miles
of frostless foothills, bordering on Ca
huenga Valley, five miles of Los Angeles
River bottom and a beautiful little valley
which originally waa known as the Press
Colony site. The park has over 2000 acres
of tillable land and some of the most ro
mantic scenery on earth.— Exchange.
Russell Sage "Wears Well.
Russell Sage Is In his eighty-ninth year
and is generally referred to as a "veteran
financier," but Edward B. Wesley, a
trader in the New York stock market.
Is his senior, by four years In the matter
of age and has been nearly a quarter of
a century on 'change. Mr. Wesley be
gan speculating when only nine years of
age, his first venture being In pins, when
he made a profit of about a dollar. From
that day to this he has made his living
as a speculator. Five. days in the week
he is regular in attendance In Wall
street,- and until recently, when rheuma
tism began to bother him, he never was
111 a day in his life.— Exchange.
Plays and the Players.
The Alcazar is to the fore this week
with a new rural play that has met with
much success in the East, "The Dairy
Farm."
? * ' *
Charles Rlchman, under the manage
ment of Weber & Fields, will star in
Victor Mapes' new play, "Captain Bar
rington."
Onoto Watanna's novel, "A Japanese
Nightingale," which was dramatized by
William Young, will be presented at
Daly's Theater in November. The scenery
has been designed by artists in Japan and
the costumes will be Imported from there.
Paul Arthur, the American actor, who
Is now prominent in London theatricals,
will be Mrs. Langtry's leading man when
she tours this country next season In
"Mrs. Deering's Divorce." Mr. Arthur
has not acted in America .for a number
of years.
George Soule Spencer, who until last
week was leading man with the Nell-
Morosco company, has left thsm to Join
WllHffm H. Crane, with whom he will be
leading man next seaso/i, creating the
part of Percival Bines in "The Spenders,"
dramatized from the Watson novel , now
appearing In The Call.
The first performance of "Everyman,"
the famous morality play to be given here
by the original company of English play
ers under the direction of Ben Greet, will
take place under the auspices of the
Channing Auxiliary on the evening of
August 28. The production is arousing a
profound Interest.
Manager Will *L. Greenbaum has ar
ranged for the orchestra of seventy of
the Metropolitan Opera-house, New York,
to give three concerts In this city the
last week in October. Its musical director
will be J. H. Duss, the millionaire banker,
who forsook commerce to devote himself
to music and who has alreadv spent a
fortune in : furthering Its Interests. The
soloists will be Mme. Lillian Nordica,
Mrs. Katharine Fisk and Nathan Franko.
Mme. Jennie Norelli. the colorature so
prano engaged for Henry W. Savage's
English 'grand opera company , will short
ly sail " for this country to begin rehear
sals. Mme. Norelli was born, in Stock-
/ / ¦^F" HEY believe we are all In
6 " k diar.s here." said Herr Fritz
| Scheel, and the conductor
I laughed comfortablv as he
thus phrased the foreign be
lief in musical America. I had an
tour with him the other afternoon.
minus more intermezzos than Mas
cagr.i ever thought of in the shape of
bell boys, telephone calls and visitors,
and we had happened upon the subject
of the foreign musician's opinion of
America. Mascagni and our symphony
concerts of last season led the vray there,
with a word or two as to the curious
treatment accorded the gifted Italian by
the Easterners.
And, by the way, there seems to have
been another tide to the latter story—
not strangely. Maestro Pietro himself
seems to have been not unlnclJncd to the
"Indian" viewpoint as to our musical de
velopment. As he has lately and en
gagingly expressed it (in Paris) his visit
here served to confirm him in the opinion.
perhaps it should be said particularly as
to — down, vanity, down!— as to— but after
all those fervent columns I penned! —
urn to— well, to out wl't, particu
larly as to poor, big, worshipful Cali
fornia herself. And she loved thee bo,
Pietro! • • • But the caliber of the or
chestra that Mascagni Imported appears
to have borne humorous testimony to his
opinion of us. As Mr. Scheel, modestly
among the many, cays, it was "the worst
(sforz.) orchestra in the world." The
singers, too, though greatly better — but
there, let bygones be bygones.
However, the woolly Easterner seems to
have been not wholly to blame in the
matter of the Mascagni fiasco. As to
poor us, well, let It comfort us that the
maestro expressed entire willingness to
play the missionary here for $4000 a
month when he was approached on the
eubject during- his recent visit. Just what
that means one is unprepared to say.
Let us hope, however, that it Is a token
of the affection that the handsome maes
tro was wor.t so flatteringly to express
for us. But this Is neither here nor
there. Revenons aux nos moutons, to Fritz
Scheel. now recognized as one of the
three great orchestral conductors of
America, and ours for a splendid ten
weeks, by the grace of the San Francisco
Symphony Society.
Uncommonly well Mr. Scheel locked the
other day when I saw him. The cares
of the Philadelphia Symphony term to
sit Hg-htly on shoulders that have per
ceptibly broadened since his last visit
fcere. Fame and Philadelphia, too, have
filled out the thin, fine, nervous face, and
healthfully flushed the fine olive pallor.
But there is not a flash lost from the
eyes that used to look lightnings into
men's veins, nor a grain of the familiar
magnetism. Ten weeks from now these
will be fused with the texture »of an
orchestra that will hardly be recognizable
as that which made Its bow last Fri-
Cja-. the product probably something
"Of course, some," turning up depre
cating palms.
"What?" I hardily pursue.
"All kinds of things" — continuously
clam-like.
"Particularly?"
Then he owned, as one would confess to
a penchant for appropriating one's neigh
bor's dog: "I like much church music. I
have some motets that may not be so
bad. Orchestral things, too." Then his
eyes, with a new, roguish glisten, an
nounced the following: "I should like to
haf been a monk sometime!"
"Ah, you want. to be a 'Palaestrina," I
said. ' a "¦ ¦
"Ach, yes!" he flashed and sighed.
"Purest, greatest music that Is. And mod
ern, so modern. • • ?— But the 'modern
csf of all Is Johann Sebastian Bach—"
"The 'Chaconne'!" I cried.
"Everything Is there." Scheel agreed,
and we shook mental hands over a com
mon idol.
"But think," I reverted, "what a chance
you have to have your compositions fitly
interpreted— with an orchestra to your
hand." ' : r-Z-V: -V.Y
"Composers not often conduct their
own work bo well," the conductor dis
sented. "Very seldom, in fact. .Many
times I have i.seen it. I played violin
when Brahms conduct one of his sym
phonies, for example!. Never nave I
heard It played so badly. Ti'ie compoEer
Is very satisfied If it Is nearly so^some
thlng like his idea. He bears in his head
all the rest of it." Apropos. U; ; v
"You are to conduct at the same desk
with Strauss next season, I see?"
"Five concerts," Mr. Scheel happily af
firmed. "Two in Boston and one each in
Philadelphia. Baltimore and Washington.
We take each half the concert."
"I see* that that Brussels man— "
"Conducted Strauss much better than
Strauss himself, according to London's
critical folk," I said. "That would go
to support your .experience."
"It is not unlikely," , Scheel concurred.
"Are you, too, a Strauss worshiper?"
I asked superfluously.
"Everything he has written I like," was
the wholesale. acknowledgment.. "I grant
his music takes time to understand. It
Is philosophical, ethical, religious—every
thing. Strauss touches depths that have
never before been touched. He moves
among the old silences of the soul
plucks at the strings of very life, pain,
death. • • • He is a wonder," Scheel
unexpectedly, concluded.
"What should you say his heredity
was?" I asked.
• Beethoven, Brahms, Wagner, Strauss,
Surely!" Scheel answered.
"Germany really has done rather
well—" I laugh.
"Of course there Is little Master Bach,
Mozart— Papa Haydn was a 'very nlca
man also," Scheel continued. "! "Take
Meister Gluck, too, for opera. Then
there's Weber— Wagner did not forget
him. Don't forget Schubert either, for
his songs, in Master Strauss' ' making.
If or Brahms."
nearer symphony than anything we have
yet had.
Miss Margarete Scheel. who looks at
you with her father's eyes and .who is a
pianist and "great friends" with her dis
tinguished papa, comes with him this
time. She told me how she had looked
forward to seeing her father's "second
home," how he had looked forward to
this, fifth visit. Then, putting on a coat
with a bloomy sprig of Monterey cypress
pinned to it, she left him to our. tender
mercies.
"But the little ' saviors of America are
not all found in Italy," the distinguished
German was saying. "I am afraid every
little fiddler In Germany thinks just about
the same. He picks up his bow and says:
'Wait till I go to that America! I'll show
them how to do things!' "
It is as well to preface that I must give
up the attempt to reproduce Mr. Scheel's
piquant Teutonisms. But as the conductor
seems to be as delightfully anxious about
his accent as was Mozart about his
dancing, I can handsomely assure him
It Is not the artless and ardent affair of
the Midwinter Fair days, nor even of the
pre-Phlladelphlan era. True, the land of
symphony and lager still claims It, but
only to its flavorous advantage.
"Perhaps the foreign musicians' atti
tude la a little the fault or the Americans
themselves," Mr. Scheel pursued. "They
are too tolerant, too polite— I think the
most really polite people anywhere. They
will take from the foreigner work they
would not for a moment stand from their
countrymen."
"And treat the native genius with scant
courtesy to balance things," I add. "Mac-
Dowell, now. Who gives his orchestral
work? Our good Mr. Steindorff here."
"Ah, but I have given MacDowell's
works," the conductor 'interrupted, his
eyes kindling above that eagle beak of his
that so well bears out their command.
"MacDowell is the American Beethoven."
"Beethoven?" I question. Then venture:
"He is much like Grieg to me."
"No; more earnest." Scheel Insisted.
"And it is the Beethoven scale. • • •
Yes; I have given his Indian Suite— very
much. I like It, and he has played for me
his piano concerto. Ach! a fine fellow.
• • • Theodore Thomas Is very sympa
thetic with the American composer. He
brings out many of their works. But it
is true the conductors are not kind to
American genius."
"Who else is doing good orchestral
things here?" I asked, "besides Mac-
Do well?" . '
"We have played a very fine overture
of Chadwick's," the conductor replied.
"Arthur Foote is alsd an excellent com
poser — though mostly of songs."
"What kind of a composer Is Fritz
Scheel V I ask then.
"Ach! I don't like to bother the people
with my stuff while there's Beethoven to
conduct," Fritz Scheel said, his eyes
twinkling busily. He blushed as busily,
being still the same modest, greatly-sim
ple person In spits of all his laurels.
"But you have composed?" I chal
lenged. 1
"And now— what really matters— are
we to have any Strauss— with all this
highly respectable parentage — here?" I
anxiously demand.
"I cannot yet say," the conductor an
swered. "His scoring is so exacting—
eight ¦ horns In 'Ein Heldenleben,' for
example. There are only four obtainable
In San Francisco. We may be able to do
'Till Eulenspiegel." " } ¦
"You must!" I said. "We haven't had
a scrap of Strauss here. Only some of the
songs. But you have some other things"
we.; want to hear, I know— oh, Strauss!
May 1 hear of some of the other music
that is among the likelihoods?",
"I have a great deal," the conductor
laughed. "Look here," and he pulled out
a list from his pocket that showed a store
of symphony that would last through a
ten years' war. Here are some of the
things: Tschalkowsky Symphony No. 3,
Suite, op. 43, No. 1, and the tone poem.
"The Lake of Swans"; the tone poem,
"Lesende," by Sibelius; some new sym
phonic dances, " by Grieg; 'Symphony,
Gernateln, "Mlrjam"; d' Albert overture,
"Aua der Improvisator"; a "Lustspiel"
overture by Rezlncek; • the Vorsplel
from the second act of Max Schilling's
"Ingwelde"; two Konigsklnder. by Fritz
.Vollbach; the "King Lear" overture by
Berlioz; a ballet suite by Glazounow;
"Llebcsfruhllng" overture by Georg
Schumann, and most of the standard lit
erature. , .
"Truly there will be no famine," I ac
knowledge. • •. • "I wonder how you
will find the orchestra?"
"That remains to be seen," said Scheel.
"The men did splendidly for Mascagni,"
I witness, "especially considering the few
rehearsals.' "Got all the notes, and very
much more."
"Ah, but you are past that period
here," Scheel Insisted. "You are past the
stage of looking for the notes. That was
gone by five years ago, "when 'I was here
last: Now one looks for the music."
"But we have so little chance here.
That terrible money." • .
"It will come: It will come!" Scheel
consoles. "Last season there was a deficit
of $70,000 In the affairs of the Philadelphia
orchestra. This season they have pulled
together, and no musician In the orches
tra receives leas than 537 50 a week for
his services. Symphony orchestras are
not made In a*day."
"I know you think "the atmosphere here
musical " I recalled. SS&SlKiSSelLtSSSS
"Exceptionally." the conductor granted.
"Boston is perhaps the most musical of
American cities. But the atmosphere
prows everywhere very quickly. V Curious
ly enough, Americans who travelare the
last to see this. They go to Europe, hsar
things, and then come back to say the
Brahms symphony as given by Mr.
Thomas Is not the Brahms symphony as
glxen by Felix Welngartner. Neither it
is. ; But that Is not It. ,, It is impossible to
compare a performance that happened
months ' ago with one of to-day. ;¦ When
music Is gone, it is gone. You can't re
peat ; the memory, only dimly. A sym-
phony once played is flown away—van
ished. Even what I did myself yesterday
I am not sure of. • • • Then there's the
matter of moods. I am sure I never
played the 'Tannhauser' overture twice
alike, or the 'Eroica' symphony. Only a
machine could do that. I know that I
play Beethoven once the best In my life.
* ? * And so much depends on the or
chestra. The finer it is, the higher the in
spiration. When it gives to you lightest
touch, it seems that nothing there is that
you cannot do. Fritz Scheel with' the Mid
winter Fair Orchestra is not Fritz Scheel
with the Bulow Orchestra— is it not? But
Fritz Scheel with the Philadelphia Or
chestra is not Fritz Scheel with the Bu
low ¦ Orchestra, either. Nor can the
listener determine just the difference, only
vaguely. Sometimes, then, surely, the
traveling American should give the noinu
orchestra the benefit of the doubt. But—
not often"— and Scheel shook his thought
ful head. .
"You were long with Von Bulow?"
"We was three years together— biggest
friends. Never have a fight," the con«
ductor laughed. "He was, of course, the
best man before Wagner."
"How long 1 have you been conducting,
Mr. Scheel?"'
"Seventeen long years," the conductor
replied. "And I well remember my first
conducting. It was at the Schwerein
Court Theater. I was first violin there,
and I took the conductor's place. The
opera was 'Robert le DIable,' and after we
had started I found thero was a. whole
act missing and nowhere to be found! I
conducted it from the first violin score."
"You came to America first to the Mid
winter Fair?"
"No; to the Chicago World's Fair. Since
then, well,"— and the conductor looked out
affectionately at the city that lay sleep
ing in the sunlight— "you know I have not
neglected San Francisco. It seems a sec
ond home to me."
"Ting-a-ling!" the seventh telephone
by actual count throughout the hour, with
two bellboys, and two sumptuous Italians
that came on matters {symphonic brought
the Interview to a close.
"They are very good,'; "Papa" Scheel
said, "they all want to say 'how-dye-do. 1 "
holm, where she received her early
musical education at the State Conserv
atory. Last year she was engaged at
Covent Garden and prior to that sans: In
grand opera with marked success in Ber
lin and Milan.
• • •
The remarkable success which haa at
tended the return of Camile d"Arville to
the operatic stage and the numerous re
quests of Intending visitors during the
G. A. R. encampment have determined
the management to continue "The High
wayman" at the Tivoli for the forth
coming week. The bright and tuneful
De Koven opera was never better put on.
Miss d'Arvllle herself Is a dashing Lady
Constance, and with such support as Ed
win Stevens in the part of Foxy Quiller,
Arthur Cunningham as Dick Fitzgerald,
Edward Webb, Ferris Hartman. Bertha
Davis and all the other Tivoli favorites
the star Is Indeed favored.
To-morrow evening at the Columbia
Theater begins an engagement that all
good play-goers have long been looking
forward to, that of Henry Miller, Mar
garet Anglin and their company. The
company surrounding the stars is said to
be exceptionally able and . includes the
following names: Martha WaliSron, Kato
Pattlson Selten, Victoria Addison, Mary
Bertrand, G. S. Titheradge, Morton Sel
ten, Walter Allen, Walter Hitchcock,
Robert Mackay, Ralph Lewis. Bertram
Harrison, Douglas R. Paterson, Harmon
MacGregor, E. J. Mettler and John Tobie.
The play selected to open the engage
ment is "The Devil's Disciple." by George
Bernard Shaw, poet, playwright, pam
phleteer, wit and socialist. ,
The brilliant writer is probably best
represented In his dramatic efforts by this
play and his studies of the miserable and
narrow minded men and women of what
are known as the Puritanical New Eng
land days, as also the muddling misman
agement and selfishness of the English in
dealing with the American colonies, con
stitutes a most dramatic story, j
The mental illness of Lan Leno. "the
King's jester" and idol of the English
music hall, and his necessary departure
from the music' hall stage has robbed
London of one of its quaintest fljruras.
High and low, rich and poor, are lament
ing Mr. Leno. His career has been short,
but between 30 and 40 years of age he
amassed a fortune of more than half a
million dollars. His wife and bevy of
children will always be rich, whether or
not Mr. Leno returns to the stage. The
homely little man whose jokes have kept
all London laughing was once a factory
hand. Neither he nor his family have
made any effort to change their station
in life. They are content to remain cock
ney. But Mr. Leno delighted to load his
wife and young daughter with diamonds.
They possess some rare precious stones.
For himself Mr. Leno's keenest pleasure
away from the stage has always been
with flowers and chickens. He made a
specialty of rose growing. It is a sad
fact that Mr. Leno's loss of mind, due
to overwork, was immediately brought
about by too much charity matineeing.
He has never been known to refuse his
services for any kind of charitable per
formance. His reputation for befriend
ing poor actors is almost as great as Sir
Henry Irvlns's.
f f AN M183 Fay possibly be tha
¦ ¦ g » genius I thought her last
Ik * night?" I asked myself with
a small, cold chill, as I read
over on Monday moralngr my
Sunday night's Impressions of that re
markable youns woman. The "difference
tin the morning" Is nowhere more- pal
pable than in enthusiasms. The cool light
of day is nowhere crueller than when It
slants on a midnight fetich. Therefore
when I have burned Incense to a new
Idolatry o'ernlght the cold type of It ia
the last thing I seek th© next day.
But undoubtedly I had committed my
self hopelessly about Miss Elfle Fay.
And to an unknown Idol. In spite of a
proud diligence In following the merry
Thespian through these United States I
had never even seen her name. Yet
there she was Instantly to me the axch
exemplar of the song and dance god. And
I had said so. fully, unreservedly. What
if my mood, or the inspiring effect of the
best bill at the Orpheum since "befo* de
wa* " had deceived me? Then I remem
bered the shrieking house and was re
assured. But, consclencefully. anxiously,
I went to see the young woman again.
Incidentally achieving a record of two
visits to the Orpheum In one week.
My chills were lost. I found Miss Fay
not only what I had thought her. but
more, on second hearing, and seeing — In
deed, seeing.' She is quite the most orig
inal personality of the week, unique, and
glltterlngly gifted in her line. Her
chubby, baby face, copper-yellow hair,
and sonsie figure, she uses exactly as the
artist uses his paint, as the sculptor his
clay. She sketches now the tough girl,
again the leering hoodlum, the bad boy.
even a monkey, with a startling truth of
characterization that appeals as the late
Phil May's truths appealed: as the work
of the Parisian. Caran d'Ache, appeals
Her monkey imitation has the value of a
Japanese grotesque, her enfant terrible
the naive diablerie of a Gavroche. Pos
sibly it would take a Paris most fully
to sense the flnnese, grace and lightning
wit of Miss Fay's art. but meantime she
is here for another week.
That Miss Elfle Fay— her real name, by
the way— had the foresight to bo born of
a French mother and an Irish papa, I was
not surprised to find when I went behind
the scenes to chat with "tbfc Queen of
Avenue A." Neither was I surprised to
find that Miss Fay had been Invited to a
Parl3 theater, nor that she was already
previously engaged here by Weber &
Rush for the next three years. One thing
I was surprised to find, that the "gray
eyes" of my first impression were a pair
of brown diamonds off stage, an illusion
of the make-up, as the elflsh vaudevllllan
explained.
Hugh Fay, her father, was an Irish
comedian, with the utmost objection to
his daughter's choice of a profession.
But what's in will out. and at 17 Mis3
Elfie, after being variously expelled from
school, also running away freely, found
herself where she certainly belongs. Sad
parts were ' her childish ambition. "Ogive
me bback me chelld! — snow, please!" as
she unctuously gurgled It the other night.
She used to borrow the cook's apron and
put It en backward as a train, then prac
tice falling on the back of her head be
fore a mirror. Then she had no knowl
edge of how to "break" a fall, thinking
that it was "just a matter of getting used
to having your brains flattened." Her
father's timely arm. she says, probably
saved the small Fay skull from hopeless
fracture.
But at last she found herself on tha
stage.
For some time this spelled Hoyt's com
edies on the road. Then came the Inev
itable desire to "break Into" New York.
This seemed Impossible, but there la ap
parently no such word in the Fay vocab
ulary. No one knew her nor cared about
the ambitious young woman, but she at
last found her way Into the chorus of
"Mile. 'Awkins." But this was not- her
goal and she went in a very curious and
characteristic fashion about getting what
she did want. From the first rehearsal
she studied what she would do at every
moment of the comedy where the chorus
came In— briefly, everything that was not
In the rehearsal. She did It and the next
day the new chorus girl was town talk.
The price of her rebellion was a salary
-raised from *13 to $73 a week, with a po
sition on the road afterward as the star
of the company.
Since that time there has been a two
years' experience In London with "Th©
Belle of New York" and at the Empire
Music Hall. London «he likes and gave
me some private convulsions over her ex-»
perience.
•^"They're dear there," she said. "They
-used to say— drawling It beautlf ully— 'Isn' t
she a rlppah?' on the street. I'd say
•What. O!' and they'd say, 'Isn't sha
' qualntr Quaint!!!"
Then Miss Fay drew her face down Into
an Imitation of the late Queen Victoria,
that the Empire laughed at and objected
to with considerable vehemence. I don't
see why, for you couldn't tell the dif
ference.
THE SAN FEANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 16. 3903.
46
WITH THE PLAYERS AND THE MUSIC FOLKWOMEN : PROMINENT IN LO
CAL FRATERNAL CIRCLES,
AND CHARMING MASCOT.
PROSPERITY COUNCIL, Sentinels of
the Universe, gave a pleasing enter
tainment In Its meeting place on the
last Monday In July on the occasion of
an open meeting for the friend3 of
members This council, one of tae young
est of this order. Is, through its mem
bers, endeavoring to become the largest.
The meeting referred to was attended by
a large number of people, who were en
tertained with a programme, the prin
cipal numbers being: Songs. Miss Sta
ples; fancy dancing, the Misses Johnson;
recitation. Miss Hite; vocal solo and In
strumental solo as encore. . M1p,s Haas;
piano duet by the Masters TrelcheL The
programme was followed with, a collation
»n<l danciiuK.
The Sentinels.
F. C. Kenny, past president; A. G. Har
denburgh, president; F. A. Cavagnaro,
W. G. Antonovich and H. F. Hogdon, vice
presidents; J. D. Abrams, recording and
financial .secretary; L. J. Aubert, treas
urer; G. A. Morgan, marshal; J. T.
Harmes, J. H. Hansen and Con Roman,
trustees; Dr. A. A. Drossel, Burgeon;
Rollo Smith, inside, and A. W. Till out
side sentinel.
The work of the evening was followed
by an installation supper in a downtown*
restaurant, where several hours were
pleasantly passed.
The following named have been in
stalled by W. P. Johnson, D. D. . G. P.,
as the officers of Pacific Parlor for the
current term:
Daniel C Deasy. past president; Wil-
attended on the last Tuesday
in July. It was Installation night, but be
fore that ceremony two candidates were
initiated. The Installation of the new of
ficers was by W. A. Peake, D. D. G. P.,
v,ho inducted the following named into
their several stations in a very impressive
manner:
THE session of Yerba Buena Parlor,
N. S. G. W., was unusually well
Native Sons.
Grand Dictator Archibald returned a
few days since from a toixr of visitation
to the lodges in Monterey County. He
found unusual activity and discovered
that many of the members are working
with a will to Increase the membership ol
the respective lodges.
The officers of Leland Stanford Lodge
were installed last week by Grand Re
porter Johnstone, assisted by Supreme
Representative Crowe and Deputy Grand
Dictator Summers.
A MEETING of the grand officers of
the Knight3 of Honor was held last
week in the office of Grand Reporter
Johnstone for the purpose of arranging a
campaign of activity during the rest of
the year. The different Ideas that were
suggested will be transmitted to the sev
eral lodges in order that they may under
stand fully what Is expected of them. In
a few days there will be a meeting of the
deputies, who will be instructed along
these lines.
Knights of Honor.
The Boston party given by Loyal Re-
Ixkah Lodge on August 19 was a great
success as to numerical attendance ana
entertainment. It was Bostonese from
Grand Patriarch Foster and Grand
Scribe Barnes were in Sacrarrento last
week to attend the golden anniversary
of the Institution of Pacific Encampment
No. 2. There was a largi attendance cf
the members of the order, anJ at a ban
quet that followed the preliminary meet
ing they were ¦addressed by the officials
named, also by Past Grand Patriarch
Sam li. Smith. Judge S. J. PuUea, Sol
Z<kind, C. M. Harrison, editor of the Cal
ifornia Odd Fellow; Dr. Wallis and oth
crH. E. I. Woodman was toastmuster
and D. J. Mannix chairman of the com
rr>Htee of arrangements. 'which was noted
Cor its attention to the members and their
guests.
Crass Valley Lodgj is making arrange
ments to celebrate the fiftieth anni
versary of its institution.
The Veterans' Association of this city
v.i!I pay a fraternal visit to Unity Lodge
August 25.
A new canton of the Patriarchs Mili
tant will be mustered in at Santa Cruz
August 22 by Brigadier General Brower
and staff. The degree will be conferred
by the Watsonville canton.
The Sovereign Grand Lodge of Odd 1'el-
Icws will this year meet in the city of
Baltimore. The lodge will be opened on
the third Monday in September.
The returns in the Encampment branch
f-*. Odd Fellowship in this State ehow a
very large net gain and the returns for
the year 1302 show a gain of 235. the larg
est since 1S76. and exceeded only three
t:mes since the founding of the order in
announced the following official vis
itations:
August 3, Nlles; 4th, San Jose; 5th, Ala
m<?da: 6th. Elmhurst; 7th, Presidio Lodge,
Ban Francisco; 8th. Alameda; ltth. San
Pablo: 11th. San Leandro; 12th, Pleasan
ton; 13th, Livcrraore; 14th and 15th, East
Oakland; 17th, Suisun; l£th, Vacavill?;
13th. Elmira; 20th. Rio Vista; 21st, Bird's
Landing, and 224. Dlxon.
The time for hol&lng the grand encamp
ment this year *it Paso Robles has been
changed from the third *u the first Tues
day in October, and the indications at
tMs time are that it will be tho Iargost
encampment in the history of the order.
From reports received by Grand Scribe
Barnes it appears that there will be at
least 100 uniformed cantons of the Fatrl
erchs Militant in attendance. Th* patri
archs' mllltarv band and the San Fran
cisco Rebekah Drill Corps will also be
there.
GRAND MASTER BAKER of the In
dependent Order of Odd Fellows has
The Odd Fellows.
Ham H. Locke, president; Edward J.
Lynch, first vice president; William H.
Dahl, second vice president; Jess C. Al
lan, third vice president; George G. Fra
ser, financial secretary; John C. Miller,
recording secretary; Albert C. Latham,
treasurer; George W^ Llllle. marshal;
G. S. Gould, trustee; D. McArron, Inside
sentinel; M. J. Melvln, outside sentinel;
T. B. W. Leland. T. A. Rottanzl, W. H.
Hopper, T. B. Roche, W. H. Hunsacker
and F. I. Gonzales, surgeons. . .
The installation was followed by a high
jinks in the parlor's meeting place. Native
Sons' Hall, when an entertaining pro
gramme was presented.
California Parlor on the , last Thursday
in July celebrated the anniversary of the*
founding of the order by a social in Its
hall. There was a short programme of
entertainment and then dancing and tho
distribution of Ice cream and cakes. The
floor manager was Edward Meyers. There
was a large attendance of members and
lady relatives and friends.
Downey Parlor No. 224, N. S. G. W.,
was recently instituted at Downey, by
Grand Organizer Andrew Mocker, assisted
by a number of acting grand officers. B.
D. Neighbors Is the president and F.
Sproule recording and financial j secre
tary. A delegation. from the parlors in
Los Angeles was present.
On the occasion of the recent visit by
Grand Organizer Merton C. Allen to Santa
Rosa Parlor there was a large attend
ance. There was an open meeting under
the auspices of the parlor, and-soul-stir
ring speeches were delivered by Grand
Second Vice President James L. : Gal-
lagher. Grand Secretary Henry, Lunstedt,
Grand Inside Sentinel J. Emmet Hayd en
and Grand Organizer Merton C. Allen,
"the spellbinder from, the Mission."
James D. Phelan has presented to the
Native Sons'; Hall ' Association* two . oil
paintings of San Francisco in 1S49, one
American Foresters.
THE officers of Court Bay City were
installed . by S. Grosslicht, , D. . D. G.
: C. R.. in the presence of a large
number of ' ; members of the order... The
entertainment committee of the court has
There is to be a grand initiation in Los
Angeles on August 31. , Ramona Parlor Is
doing exceedingly well,- having seventy
five candidates for that occasion.
The trustees of Rincon Parlor have is
sued in printed form a neat and very
comprehensive report. The members of
this parlor on the evening of the 12th had
a meeting, at which they selected a uni
form for the parade in San Jose Septem
ber 9. On that occasion the parlor will
have as special guests the members of one
of the parlors of Native Daughters.
On the evening of the first Friday in
August Army and Navy Parlor exempli
fied the ritual with its special team In the
presence of a number of the grand offi
cers. Some added features were intro
duced and the effect was pleasing.
Grand Organizer Mocker reports the
parlors of Los Angeles, San Diego, Red
lands and Santa Ana as doing well. He
visited the parlor in Santa Paula in the
early part of August and then went to
Oxnard.
representing General Vallejo reviewing
his troops in the town of Sonoma in 1846
and one a view of the old Mission road in
the vicinity of Ninth street in 1856, also
one of the Midwinter Fair, 1S94. These
have been hung in the corridor of the
fourth floor of the Native Sons' building.
Inter Nos Circle on August 11 initiated
two strangers and received three appli
cations. The circle is arranging^ for its
tenth anniversary, which falls on San-
On the first Friday in August Court
James G. Blame had a house ' wanning
in Its new headquarters In Pioneer Hall
and after the entertainment that had been
provided there was a banquet, at which
Thomas L. Doran presided as toastmas
ter.
The following named have been installed
as officers of Lorely Circle: Mrs. T.
Keene. C. C.;. Mrs. S. Brooks. S. C. C;
Mrs. Pape, T.; Miss II. Randlaln, right,
and B. McCue, left guide; M. Stengel, in
side, and M. Edner, outs.'de guardian.
Miss Martha Pape, the junior past chief
cempanion, was presented on retiring
from office with a handsome souvenir.
New Century Circle will be officered for
the current term by Mrs. Lemme, C. C. ;
Miss Reckenbeil, S. C. C; Miss Burton,
R. S.; Miss Johnson, R. G.; Miss Rose,
L. G.: Mrs. Storer, I. G.; Mrs. Burton,
O. G. After the Installation of the of
ficers, the treasurer and financial secre
tary holding over, there were- presenta
tions to the following named members of
the circle: Mrs. Lemme, Mrs. Drendell,
Miss Storer, Miss Reckenbeil, Miss Bur
ton, Mrs. Zeissing, R. K. Van Ee and
Mrs. Sarah Beversen in token of appre
ciation of services rendered.
Grand Chief Companion Mrs. J. H. Krlm
mlnger paid an official visit on August
4 to Buena Vista Circle at Tiburon; Aug
ust 5 she visited Elmhurst Circle at Elm
hurst; August 7, Farragut Circle at Val
lejo, and August S, American Circle at
Petaluma. At each place she was ac
corded a cordial welcome and under good
of the order gave valuable instruction and
spoke of the condition of the organization
In the State at this time.
New Century Circle No. 513 and many of
its friends enjoyed a picnic at Buen.a
Vista Park, Sausalito, on August 2. The
affair was well conducted. A- number of
gate prizes were distributed, as were also
prizes won at games and races and thero
was a long programme of dances. Those
who had charge of the affair were Mrs.
E. H. Zeising, chairman; Mrs. H. L.
Lemme. Mrs. P. - Pander, Mrs. M. Bos
trom. Mrs. C. Johnson, George Ash and
D. Vroegindewey. ¦
The San Francisco Relief Committee of
the Foresters of America has re-elected
as officers for the current term: Thbmas
J. Emery, president: James Gallagher,
vice president: R. Stelnman, treasurer,
and Jacob Label, editor of the American
Forester Review, secretary.
Court Contra Costa will celebrate an
anniversary by a banquet August.19. This
will be served during the evening by the
ladles of the circle.
Court Colma had a class initiation Au
gust 11, after which there was a ban
quet at which "W. J. Savage was the
toastmaster.
Court Yerba Buena had a high jinks
for its members and friends on the even-
Ing of August 13.
The* social club of Court El Dorado had
a very enjoyable picnic at Camp Taylor
August 2 under the supervision of the
committee composed of "William O'Con
nor, J. E. Webster, G. H. Vincent, T. E.
Gibbons and Thomas F. Alford.
offered prizes to those of that organiza
tion who shall, before the last day of
the current term, bring in the greatest
number of candidates for initiation.
The new officers of Amity Lodge of the
Rebekahs propose to make the current
term a most pleasant one and to that end
Past Noble Grand Mrs. Sophia Matthews
and Noble Grand Miss Ada Z. Stites will
concentrate their efforts. The noble
grand, who is a bright fraternallst. In
tends to make a record for the- lodge.
Templar Lodge la arranging for an en
tertainment to be given in a short time.
Mission Rebckah Lodge No. 225 has se
cured Hlnman's Hall at Twenty-first and
Howard 6treet for Friday, August 2L for
the purpose of giving an entertainment to
its large number of friends, the lodge
room In Excelsior Hall being too Email
to accommodate them. An excellent pro
gramme has been arranged for and the
committee feels confident that It will be
an evening of pleasure for all. Dancing
will follow the entertainment.
The Odd Fellows' Hall Association has
declared another dividend, payable yes
terday.
beginning to end and proved a source of
great enjoyment. A supper was served
during intermission In the dance. Those
who contributed to the pleasure of the
evening were Professor Dahl, who favor
ed with an instrumental solo; Miss Ken
ny, who gave • a recitation In a manner
that proved her to be a first-class elocu
tionist, and Charles Nagels. The affair
was admirably conducted under the di
rection of a committee-, of which Vice
Grand Maude E. Barney was the chair
man.
Mrs. Alma Isabel Jensen, president of
the California Assembly of Rebekahs, an
nounces the following visitations: August
25, Absit Invldia Lodge; August 26. Gold
en Link; August 2S, Sunset; August 29,
Fair Oaks; September 1, Bloomfleld;
September 2, Petaluma; September 3, Se
bastopol; September 4, Colfax; Septem
ber 5, Ivy; September 8, Liberty; Septem
ber 9, Russian River; September 10, Wood
wardla; September 11, Oakleaf; Septem
ber 12, Madrona; September 14, Mizpah;
September 15,. Florence Knight; Septem
ber 16, Livermore; September 17, San Ra
fael, and September 19, Elmhurst.
High Chief Ranger Sanford has re
turned from his visit to the courts in
the Northwest and reports them all pro
gressive and in good condition.
Court Twin Peaks on August 12 had a
ladles' night in its hall at Seventeenth
and Noe streets. The special guest3 of
the evening were the members of Twin
Peaks Circle. The membership of the
court and Invited guests turned out In
full force and all were entertained with
a very pleasing programme of musical
and literary numbers, also instrumental
selections by the members of the For
esters' Juvenile Band. There was danc
ing and the serving of refreshments.
John "W. Pownlng. past chief ranger
of Court Pride of Plumas. is recovering
from a severe attack of illness, -which
kept him In a hospital In this city for
several weeks.
"Washington Circle of the Companions of
the Forest celebrated the twentieth an
niversary of the institution of the circle
by giving a ball recently in the A. O. F.
building. The hall was converted into a
bower of flowers, evergreens and flags
and there was a well arranged pro
gramme of dancea. with several vaude
ville numbers Interspersed. Permanent
Secretary Falconer gave a short review
Cf the progress of the circle; then thero
was a duet by the Misses Rose of Chi
cago: C. Silver, song and dance; cornet
solo, "William Falconer; tenor solo, "Wal
ter Shaylor, and instrumental selections
by the Foresters' Juvenile Band. Dancing
for adults was kept up until midnight
and refreshments were served.
Bournemouth Circle will give a social on
August 2G and Santa Amanda Circle on
the following night. ...
The •members of Loyal Circle- on the
first Saturday in August were the guests
of Mrs. A. Gfroerer, recently installed
chief companion, at her home on Nine
teenth street. There was a pleasant even-
Ing of entertainment and a luncheon wa3
served.
lic July 27, after which there was a
smoker. A number of applications were
received during the evening.
The members of Court Robin Hood en
tertained the members of Eureka Circle
of the Companions of the Forest at a
banquet last week.
Court Justice had a jolly good time at
a smoker given to its friends July 23.
Court Vlctoire gave a socialin A. O. F.
building August 8 and Artemis Circle en
tertained Its friends in the same place
August 14.
THE officers of Court -Treadwell, A.
O. F., of Tesla were installed In pub-
Ancient Forestry.
A new chapter will shortly be instituted
at Corning, another In Los Angeles and
one in San Bernardino.
Beulah Chapter will initiate several can
didates at Its meeting on September 14
in its hall. South San Francisco. In the
early part'of October this very enterpris
ing chapter will give an entertainment
to Its members and friends.
Starr King Chaper will give a special
entertainment in Golden Gate Hall on
the night of September 25. This will be
followed by a ball. The arrangement for
this event is in the hands of a commit
tee, of which H. Mayer is the chairman.
Olive Branch Chapter at its meeting
August 10 initiated seven strangers in the
presence of a large, number of the mem
bers of the order, after which there was
a social hour. The many friends of Mrs.
Lizzie Atwood. the worthy matron of this
chapter, will be pained to learn that dur
ing her visit East she was stricken with
illness that forced her to relinquish sev
eral visits she expected to make during
her vacation. At last account she was
improving.
Golden Gate Chapter is arranging for a
children's ' party to be given some time
in September.
Grand Patron L. C. Byce la arranging
a series of visitations in the northern part
of the State.
James A. Wilson, past patron, and Mrs.
James A. "Wilson, past matron of Mis
sion Chapter, who several weeks ago
were seriously iniured by the overturn
ing of a coach in Nevada, are recover
ing from the effects of the Injuries they
received at that time.
"Worthy Grand Matron Mrs. Seymour is
visiting the chapters in the middle south.
Star, on the last Tuesday in July
was well attended, not only by members
but by members of other chapters. The
meeting was called for the purpose of
initiating eight candidates. The work
was done in a commendable manner.
Among the visitors were Mrs. Colter,
grand secretary of the jurisdiction of
Idaho, Grand Associate Patron Millberry
and Grand Secretary Mrs. Willats. After
the work of the evening there was half
an hour of speeches and refreshments.
Olive»Branch Chapter will have a meet-
Ing August 10, on which occasion there
will be the initiation of several candi
dates, after which there will be a social
hour and refreshments.
The Eastern Star.
THE special meeting of Starr King
Chapter, Order of the Eastern
Laurel Circle at Its last held meeting
initiated a class of strangers Into the
mysteries of the order.
¦While In St. Helena Grand Secretary
Martlnonl paid a fraternal .visit to the
grove In that place and was well re
ceix-ed. Mrs. Martlnonl. his -wife, who is
a member cf El Dorado Circle of the
Druldeeses. paid a visit last week to Olive
Circle of St. Helena.
The social given by Boadecia Circle in
I^aurel Hall on the first Saturday in Aug
ust was well attended and proved to be
a very enjoyable affair. There was an ex
cellent programme of dances arranged by
W. M. Dingle, who acted as floor man.
ager and who was assisted by a commit
tee composed of Past Arch Druldcss Mrs.
F. J. Horn, Arch Druidess Nellie Mc-
Koown, Mary Martin. Carrie Howe, A. E.
Jlasscn and Frank J. Horn.
Junior Past Noble Grand Arch C. A.
Guglielmor.i recently visited the grove at
Concord, which he instituted during his
term, and noticed that it had made a
marked increase in membership since in
stitution. At the request of tho officers of
the gTove\ he Instructed them in the
proper manner of conferring the third de
gree. That degree was conferred on four
teen bards. Subsequently he visited Santa
Cruz, and while there learned that the
three groves there are already making ar
rangements to entertain the Grand Grove
when it holds its (session in 1904 in that
city. The members of those groves pro
pose to give an entertainment to the
grand officers and delegates such as has
never before been given to this order.
Old Friends* Circle cf the Druidesses
will give Its first outing and family picnic
at Buer.a Vista Park, Sausalito, Sunday,
S<*ptember 20.
In the present tour of official visitations
Noble Grand Arch Beck has up to date
vis'.ted Old Fricnfls' Grove, Angels and
Fortuna groves at Angels Camp, Slitter
Creek Grove, Novato Grove, Nicasio
Grove. Duxbury Grove and Olema Grove.
On the visit to the four last named
proves he was accompanied by Grand
Secretary Martlnonl. During the current
week the noble grand arch will visit the
following named proves: Tomales, Fred
crick Eeig. at Occidental: Dante, at Dun
cans Mills; GuernevUle and Ottavio
jrroves. at Guerneville. and Verdi Guis
eppe Grove, at HeaJdsburg.
companies, one under the cap
tain of Noble Arch B. Magnusson and the
other under Vice Arch Robert Ruderford.
The contest is to last for two months, and
at the close the company that has brought
in and had initiated the greatest number
of candidates will be the guests at a
champagne supper to be paid for by the
losing company. The member of either
company who" shall have secured tho
greatest number of candidates and had
them initiated will be presented an em
blematic badge to cost $25.
Grand Secretary Marrinoni went to
St. Helena with his wife, who Is a past
arch druidess of El Dorado Circle, for a
ton days' vacation.
On August 2 Noble Grand Arch Beck,
Grand Treasurer Horn and Grand Trustee
Wederneyer went to Glen Ellen, and there
were met by Past Noble Grand Arch
Lange and Grand Secretary Martlnonl.
The party went to a point some distance
from the* railroad to inspect the fifteen
acres of land donated to the Grand Grove
cf the order by Dr. C. C. O'Donnell as a
Flte upon which to build at some time In
the future a home for aged Druids. After
the Inspection and a dinner the noble
grand arch created the. donor of the land
a member of the Elvin degree.
The first official visit this term to a
local grove by Noble Grand Arch Beck
was to Old Friends* Grove, In the Sutter
rtreet Temple, on August 6. The visiting
official was accompanied by Grand Treas
urer Horn, Grand Trustee Wedemeyer,
Grand Marshal Antonovich and a
number of past arches. The hall
was crowded with the membership of
the grove and visiting members. After a
formal welcome to the grand officers the
grove exemplified its proficiency in the
work of the order by Initiating a class of
candidates in a very creditable manner.
The work of the evening was followed by
an address by the noble grand arch, who
expressed himself as well pleased with the
progress of the grove, and particularly
with the fact that on this, his first visit
officially in San Francisco, he had been
presented with such a large number of
candidates. After addresses by other of
ficcrs all retired to the banquet hall,
where a supper was Ferved, and under
the toastmastership of Grar.d Trustee
Wedemeyer a number of those present re
sponded to toasts.
ELMHURST GROVE of the United
Ancient Order of Druids has
started a membership contest. The
STove has been divided into two
Little Gladys Cordy, daughter of Grand
Secretary John J. Cordy. is the mascot
of the Foresters of America and the Com
panions of the- Forest of America. Sha
is a bright child, who at entertainments
given by the organizations named adds
to the pleasure of suctf by dancing fancy
dances and singing popular sons;g. She
has' developed a great deal of artistic
talent and is greatly beloved by all who
see and hear her.
tember 10. The members expect to maka
this a brilliant affair.
ECHOES FROM THE LODGE ROOM
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 16; 1903.
47Native Daughters.
FOLLOWING are the names of thos«
who have been Installed as the offi
cers of Aloha Parlor of Oakland fo»
the present term:
Mrs. H. M. Eanborn. past president}
Mrs. Tillle Frick. president: Miss R.
Wheeler, first vice president: Miss D.
Andrews, second vice president: Mlsi
Johnson, third vice president: Miss A.
Sanborn, recording secretary; Miss Rose,
financial secretary; Miss Gallagher, mar
shal; Mrs. Landrecan, treasurer: Mist
Archibald. Inside sentinel; Miss Warren,
piltside sentinel; Mrs. Rooney. Mrs. Roth
erman and Miss Wykoff, trustees; Mls«
D. Brunje. organist; Mrs. V. A. Derrick,
physician.
Berendos Parlor of Red Bluff In th«
Fourth of July parade carried off a prlz<
of $30 for tho fourth best float, and Mar
guerite Parlor of Placervlllo carried away
a prize of J25 for the best float In tha
parade In that city.
District Deputy Anna Kluver has in
stalled the officers cf San Luslta and San
Miguel parlors. This officer, who la a
first class deputy, speaks In the highest
terms of these two parlors. ¦?;
The officers of Conrad Parlor were in
stalled In the middle of July by Emma
F. Boardman. D. D. G. P.
Woodcraft.
CALIFORNIA CAMP on August 13
had a largely attended meeting for
the purpose of witnessing tho of
ficers Initiate and confer the California
Camp degree. The initiatory work was
well done and the special degreo con
ferred in a manner that has seldom been
excelled in a camp of Woodcraft At Its
meeting August 17 after the business, the
Oriental degree will be conferred !n flna
National Union.
DURING the early part of August
Mission. Council of the National
Union was vislted-by W. K. Wnee
lock. chairman of the joint committee of
the Cabinet, on reception of President Jef
fries of the Senate. He delivered an ad
dress on the subject of the reception and
urged the presentation of a large class of
strangers for initiation. His remarks were
supplemented by those of Merton C. Al-
Last week Uifversity Council of Berke
ley Initiated a, class of twenty-five appli
cants for membership.
The council in Alameda reports initia
tions at every meeting.
Supreme Secretary Terry reports hav
ing information from the State of Oregon
during the past week that shows that tho
councils in that State are very much
alive.
Golden Gat© Council had an Interesting
basket party in its hall In Odd Fellows'
building August 14.
Golden State Council of Oakland at its
last held meeting Initiated a number of
strangers.
Reports received by Supremo Secretary
G. E. Terry show a noticeable increase In
membership.
Supremo Councilor Tugwell visited Han
ford recently and attended a session of
King Council, which had sixteen candi
dates to Initiate. This council, lesa than
a month old, already has fifty names on
Its membership roll.
A new council will soon bo Instituted
In Alameda County.
During the past thirty days tho council
in Berkeley Initiated twenty candidates
and It has still thirty petitions to act
upon.
ceived two applications for member
ship. These candidates will bo Initiated
at the next meeting of the council.
Volunteer Council had several candi
dates for initiation at Its meeting August
6. There was a good attendance and the
membership is enthusiastic for tho ad
vancement of the order.
E ENTERPRISE COUNCIL, Order of
Pendo, at Its meeting August 3 re-
Order of Pendo.
dental last week after visiting Santa
Cruz and the Porters at their country
home near Watsonvllle, Mrs. Beano left
on Friday for another trip south and will
visit Gilroy and Monterey.
The latest opera of Emile Bruguiere
has just been accepted In New York and
will be elaborately staged for presenta
tion In tho near future. It Is to open In
Chicago and proceed to Philadelphia and
New York afterward.
Mr. and Mrs. Ansel M. Easton have
taken one of the Avery McCarthy apart
ments at 2181 Pacific avenue for tho win
ter. The Easterns will soon come up from
Burllngame.
• • •
• • •
• Miss Stella Fortmann has tucked, her
self away upon a ranch near Salinas to
reat her overwrought nerves, she will
return in time for tho social happenings
of early autumn.
Mr. E. Avery McCarthy has gone to
Southern California and will spend tho
balance of the month In Ocean Park,
Santa Monica and Santa Barbara with
his daughter, Aileen.
Mrs. Lucio M. Hayes, Mrs. Russell H.
Cool and Mrs. Solly Walters have re
turned from Del Monte.
meeting on tho subject of what wai
done by the supreme body of the order.
Ex-President Schuldt also addressed th«
meeting. This council will bo officially
visited August 25 by the San Francisco
Cabinet
Golden Gat© Council on August 11 obli
gated one stranger and received several
applications. Senators Field and Arter. re
cently returned from the Senate session ol
the order, were present and addressed th«
Nowlan: vocal ¦elections, tha California
Quartet: ballad. Friend Puniy; violin sola
and violin tricks. M. Kohler; Quartet se
lections, California's Four; vocal seleo
tlons. Friend Page; dialect stories, Mr,
Meyer, and parting sons. Friend McCur*
rle. During the evening an Intennlssioa
was declared and a collation served.
On August 6 there was a night with BJ
Capltan Council In Native Sons' buildln*.
It was El Capltan'* night under tho su
pervision of a committee of which Prtnci
Vincent and "Pop" Wilson were the ac
tive members. There was a continuous
performance by a number of Individual*
who are all artists In their way- and
there was not a dull number during tha
entire evening. There were vocal selec
tions, sketches by specialty artists, mon
ologues, wrestling bouts, sparring exhibi
tions and all kinds of music and a col
lation such as the- chef of El Capltan only
knows how to prepare. It was a glorious
night and all had a most enjoyable tlnw
until the Janitor announced that it wa«
time to "shut down." Those who mad«
the evening merry were Messrs. Purdy,
Montgomery. Harris. W. W. Braekett.
Otto Kyle and Bardue. Professor Clark
son and his mandolin club and volunteer!
from theaters also entertained. The meet-
Ing was addressed by Merton C. Allen and
H. L. Simon.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, AUGUST 16, 1903.
len along the line of fraternal energy. The
same evening El Dorado Council was vis
ited by members of the committee and
talks had for the success of the reception,
which is to be some time in October.
On the night of the first Wednesday in
August, California Council No. 530 had a
very large meeting which was addressed
by W. A. S. Nicholson, ex-president:
J. N. Bunting, general deputy, and W. K.
Wheelock of the reception committee.
After the business of the evening Speaker
Ker presented an excellent programme of
entertainment, which Included the follow
ing numbers:- Instrumental selections, T.
style by a special team from one of tho
other camps. On the night of August SI
the camp will receive a visit from the
visiting committee. After the routine of
business and the above announcements
the meeting was addressed by D. Oliver.
editor of the Pacific Woodman: Neighbor
Stock, Neighbor Morris, consul com
mander of Pathfinder Camp, Organizer
A. J. Welnart and others.
Pathfinder Camp on the evening of Au
gust 14 held open house In Its forest at
4445 Mission street, where there was a
good attendance of neighbors and their
friends, who were entertained with a
pleasing programme of music songs,
recitations and short talks on "Tba Red
Hot Campaign.'
ONE OF THE COMING SEASON'S DEBUTANTES WHOSE BEAUTY IN
SURES HER IMMEDIATE SUCCESS, AND A POPULAR YOUNG MA
TRON WHO WAS VERY RECENTLY A BRIDE.
Mrs. Vera Beane returned to the Ocd-
The wedding trip of Truxtun Beale and
bride (formerly Miss Marie Oge) has been
rather shorter than was planned. Mr. and
Mrs. Beale are back in Newport '.
• • •
Mrs. Harry Gray of St. Dunstan's (I
specify because there are two) is at Del
Monte with her sister, Mrs. Taber of Den
ver. Mrs. Gray Is looking extremely well
this summer and has some very stunning
gowns with her.
• • •
The engagement is announced of Miss
Elsa, Iloesch and Frederick Tripler
Hutchinson. The -bride-to-be is the
charming and accomplished daughter of
Mrs. Henry Hoesch, and the groom-elect
is a well-known commission merchant.
No date is set for the wedding.
• • •
Miss / Mabel Ay«r has returned ; from a
two weeks' visit to the Frederick Law
rence Fosters at San Jose. While- away
Miss Ayer was entertained by several
friends, among them the Misses Brown,
on the Alameda, who gave her a very
pretty luncheon.
• • •
Miss Gertrude Dutton, who has been
making a tour of the world with Mrs.
Dutton, is now on her way home and Is
expected to arrive within a short time. It
is believed that Miss Dutton will be
among the. most popular buds \ of the
coming season when she makes her for
mal debut.
nent Mr. Field will be abroad until the
fall, as is his custom, and will spend some
time at Ostehd and Bad-Nauhelm. ;
Marshall Field of Chicago Is In London,
stopping at the " Carlton, en , route to
Leamington to visit his daughter, Mrs.
Arthur. TVee, before going to the Conti-
MiasNorma Castle, who is now in Paris
with her father, is expected to' return in
tho autumn, when she will be numbered
among the debutantes. Miss Castle is of
the Titian type of beauty, having auburn
hair and a delicate skin. She will be cer
tain of a successful winter, as she already
has many strong friends in society.
• • •
| Miss Sarah Drum showed more Indiffer
ence to the automobile 'movement than
was expected, as she owns a beautiful lit
tle electric runabout and enjoys the dis
tinction of being the first woman chauf
feur on the coast. She did not enter her
machine, however, nor did she stay for
the races.
• * •
Meanwhile Miss . Shortridge • and her
mother are spending the summer days
pleasantly at Monterey. Miss Shortridge
Is an excellent, equestrienne arid has a
pony that goes like the wind. She would
probably have entered him for the races
at Del Monte recently, but in the absence
of . her. fiance was not sufficiently inter
ested. >-*'£?-':
• • •
Miss Gertrude and Miss Margaret Hyde-
Smith will be charming additions to next
winter's list of debutantes. "Both are
bright and interesting girls who have
been, educated in Paris. Miss Gertrude
made her debut in Washington last win
ter under the chaperonage of her aunt.
Mrs. Henley Smith". The Misses Hyde^
Smith will return from. abroad in Novem
ber.
• • •
Eastern States, most of the time having
been spent in Washington, D. C, and
New York. The month of July was passed
in the Catskills. She will presently Join
her sister, Mrs. J. V. Kimball, at Pacific
Grove, where she will remain until Sep
tember 10. .
• • •
Miss Lillian Feathersto'n has returned
from a year's visit to the Southern and
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Sullivan (nee Ivan
covlch) are spending the summer in town,
where they are being informally enter
tained by their friends of the young set,
in which they are extremely popular. Mrs.
Sullivan will not hold her post-nuptial re
ceptions' for a month or, two- yet, w but
when more of her friends return from
their summer outings cards will probably
be sent out. *
• • •
The very latest, of riding habits has
been Introduced by Miss Vesta Shortridge
and it is a facsimile of the newest ones
worn In New York and Newport. The
leng coat of brown cloth extends to the
knees and quite conceals the trim little
knickerbockers underneath. The riding
boots, of rich brown leather, reach to the
knees, and a piquant \ three-cornered hat
completes the costume. Vi'v
• • •
Mrs. Shiels Is always beautifully gowned
and even wears her shirt waist suits with
a style quite distinctive.
Mrs. Shiels Is a charming hostess and
should Bhe reside in San Francisco per
manently Is certain to become a society
leader.
Mrs. George F. Shiels has been giving a
series of delightful little dinners at Hotel
del Monte, where she iS'. stopping with
her husband. Dr. Shiels.
Mrs. Bruguiere and her two sons, Louis
and Emile. are still at Newport in their
"cottage"— a spacious structure of twen
ty-eight rooms— which, I believe, they
own. This little family Is in' the midst
of the social whirl, entertaining and'be
ing entertained in turn. Louis Bruguiere
was guest of honor at a dinner given by
Mrs. Stuyvesant Fish a few days ago.
• •,'?•-'*•
tic as she was popular at the hops.- She
would have been one of the gayest of
debutantes. ¦ ."1 ''>-- r;
Miss Edith Berry and her mother have
prolonged their stay abroad and have
about given up the idea, of returning to
San Francisco for the winter owing to the
continued ill health of Miss Berry. This
will be quite a disappointment to the
young set. as Miss Berry went out In
formally last year and was as enthusias-
• • •
The hit of the tournament was made by
Dr. /Stapler's two French babies— aged
one and two— who appeared at the races
in regulation leather suits and caps, auto
mobile goggles to keep out the dust and
veils to keep out neuralgia. Immediately
at the sight of these miniature automo
billsts a shriek of delight went up from
the crowd, whereupon the twain threw
back their masks and made acknowledg
ment of the ovation In a manner too
funny for words.
• • •
A large number of Americans In Lon
don have been thrown Into mourning by
the sudden death of Mrs. Wadsworth
Ritchie, Mrs. Ritchie's last Illness was
brought on by a cold caught at the much
described fancy dress ball given recently
by her mother-in-law, Mrs. Adalr. Craig
Wadsworth of the American embassy,
cousin to Mr. Ritchie, is one of those In
mourning, and so Is Lady Barrymore.
Mrs. Ritchie was well known In Boston,
New York and Washington, where she
and all the Wadsworth connection were
Intimates of the Roosevelts.
• • •
Miss Cluff has but recently returned
from an extended European trip with her
parents and sister. Miss Mabel Cluff.
The fortunate man, Mr. Downey, Is a
very popular business man and Junior
partner }n the firm of William Cluff &
Co. In this city.
the engagement with due formality, af
ter which much entertaining for the
charming bride-elect Is sure to follow.
The time of the wedding is not set. but
will probably take place in November at
the Palace Hotel.
• • •
The engagement of Miss Maude E.
duff, daughter of William Cluff, and
George Downey leaked out before the
family wished it to become known. But
It is ever thus with secrets that are kept
too long. Within two cr three weeks,
¦wisen society gets back to town. Miss
Ouff will give a luncheon and announce
A New Tork publication has this to say
cf General Young's betrothed daughter:
"Ean Francisco takes a particular Inter
est in the announcement of the engage
-*ment ol Miss Elizabeth Young, daughter
of Major General Samuel B. M. Young, to
Lieutenant John R. R. Hannay, Twenty
eecond Infantry, son of Lieutenant Col
onel John W. Hannay, retired. Both Miss
Young and her sister, who Is now the
wife of Dr. Gibbons of Philadelphia, were
gTeat favorites during^ the time their
father was stationed on the coast."
A married daughter of General Young,
Mrs. Reed, wile of Captain Reed, at Pa
cinc Grove, is extremely popular among
the army contingent in that vicinity. She
recently entertained In honor of Mrs.
Eleanor Martin upon the arrival of that
charming woman at Del Monte.
• • *r* • '\ ¦
Sinco the building of the new canton
:jent at Monterey Pacific Grove has be
come an interesting army center. Among
those most popular are Major P. and Mrs.
Bigelow of the Ninth Cavalry, Captain
and Mrs. Below of the Flftecrth Infan
try, Major E. H. Plummer, constructing
quartermaster. Captain and Mrs. Brooke,
Mrs. Ethel Qulnton Mascn and her par
ents. Brigadier General and Mrs. William
Qulnton. Mrs. Mason is one of the most
decided patrician women in the army.
fier white hair and beautiful young face
add much charm to her personality and
win her more admiration than she dreams
of. She lived at the Colonial prior to her
departure for Pacific Grove.
Mrs. Isidore Burns returned from her
recent visit to Australia, New Zealand
nnd Honolulu, whither ehe went for her
health, very much benefited, but has met
with considerable opposition In the San
Francisco climate since she came back
;.nd Is not gaining strength very rapidly.
Mr. Burns went down to Honolulu to
meet his wife and accompany her home.
Mrs. Burns Is an exceptionally clever
woman and was formerly a member of
more than a dozen clubs. In which she
took an active Interest, but she has long
since dropped most of them and there
fore does not hold club work responsible
for her recent illness.
• • •
Miss Vesta Ehortridge will become Mrs.
Err.iJe Brug-uiere the second week in Oc
tcber, and if cevotlon now existing be
tween these two is any criterion they
will live happily ever after. Miss Short
ridge seems to have grown up to marry
Mr. Bruguiere, for she has cared for no
other sweetheart since she was a school
girl in short dresses, and Mr. Bruguiere.
despite his wealth and successes in the
musical and eocial world, has allowed no
one to turn his attention from his dainty
little fiancee with her sweet face and
lovable personality.
Perhaps the latest evidence of Mr. Bru
guiere's devotion that has leaked out is
the fact he has given his bride-elect full
authority in the buildine of their new
home at Monterey, which Is to be built
during his absence In the East. The plans
have been drawn under Miss Shortridge's
personal supervision and construction will
begin within a fortnight. The site chosen
is one of the most desirable In Monterey,
arfd the happy couple will be neighbors
of Charles Rollo Peters, the artiet, who
is a warm personal friend.
THE automobile tournament In Del
Mcnte has come and gone. The
races have been run and the tro
phies awarded. The racers are
etill In the land of the living.
fears for their eafety having proved
groundless. Level-headed Americans are
certainly better chauffeun than the ultra
excitable Latin races, but that was long
ago proved by Paris cabbies and their
chapters cf accident*. One hundred
automobiles lent their presence to the ap
parent disapproval of the horses, who
were obliged to look on.
The most popular day was Monday,
when the races were the occasion of con-
Fidcrable betting. R. P. Bchwerln. J. D.
Epreckels and Samuel G. Buckbee were
the judges. The De Toungs and Mrs.
Echwerin attended In E. P. Brlnegar's
"VVlnton car and Mr. and Mrs. Brinegar
sat with Mr. and Mrs. Charles C. Moore
In their car.
Mr. and Mrs. Fred Jacobs had with
them Mrs. Gus Boyer.
Miss Pearl Lenders, who Is at Del
Monte with her mother, took a spin
around the race track In George Whit
tell's French Mcrs car— a high speed rac
ing machine.
Mrs. Russell H. Cool attended the races
In her husband'6 new automobile and had
in her party Mrs. Solly Walters and Mrs.
Lucie May Hayes.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Adams and Dr. and
Mrs. Southworth of Stockton were In one
rarty. .
Mrs. Buckbee had a Jolly party. Includ
ing Pearl Landers, In her automobile at
the Carnival Hill on Tuesday. All Epec
tatcrs ascended first and from that point
watched the contesting machines climb
the bilL
The army contingent at Monterey and
Pacific Grove were among the marked en
thusiasts, although they had no automo
biles to enter.
SOCIETY
48