AGENT FOR THE UNITED STATES
IN THE ALASKAN BOUNDARY
ARBITRATION.
Continued on Page 2, Column. 1,
Continued on Page 2, Column 7, , ,
NEW YORK. Oct. 19.-The scliedules of
the Stock Exchange firm of Edwin S
Hooley & Co., which failed on July 27!
will be filed to-morrow and will show that
$2,079,800 is due secured creditors for prin
cipal'and interest and $649,872 is due un
secured creditors. The assets aro placed
at $9,642,057 nominal value and $2,417,178
actual value at this market. These assets
are applicable to) both 'secured and unse
cured liabilities: .,' --_• '
Hooley's Assets and Liabilities.
MAY ENLARGE SCOPE
OF DUBLIN UNIVERSITY
Arrangements Are Being Made to
Form It Into a National Edu
cational Institution.
LONDON, Oct. 20,-The Daily News
claims authority for the statement that,
while the Government has not yet con
sented to the establishment of a Catholic
university in Ireland, an arrangement has
already been consummated with the ap
proval of the Catholic hierarchy to form
the Dublin University into a national uni
versity with three constituent colleges,
namely— Trinity College, Dublin; Queens
College, Belfast, and University College,
St. Stephens Green, Dublin, each to be
suitably endowed. It Is intimated that
this arrangement will insure the Govern
ment the support of the Irish party dur
ing the comics cession o£ Parliament.
The President has taken great interest
in the case and has insisted that the con
dition of the affairs at the Mint be-thor
oughly remedied, regarding them as' fla
grant violations of ; the law. . The Secre
tary of the Treasury takes the same posi
tion. - >
WASHINGTON, Oct. 19.— The Civil Ser
vice Commission .has requested the
Treasury Department to reinstate
Charles Miller, Adam | Ritchie, Thomas
Devine and Howard^Coie, watchmen, and
Francis P. Rodden, roller in the United
States Mint at Philadelphia, whose % re
movals the commission' has found to have
been for political , reasons, six unclassi
fied laborers, all Republicans, having
been detailed to perform the duties of
the four Democratic watchmen who were
removed.' . -" >..".. . : . ':
TREASURY DEPARTMENT
TO REINSTATE WATCHMEN
MISSOULA, Mont., Oct. 19.— Two sticks
of dynamite were found by section men
near the mouth of Hell Gate Canyon on
the Northern Pacific tracks east of this
city Sunday night Just before the time of
the eastbound ¦ passenger train. Armed
guards, are now patrolling the Northern
Pacific tracks through Hell Gate Canyon,
a distance of nearly ten miles.
Discovery Is Made Just Before an
East Bound Northern Pacific
Train Arrives.
STICKS OF DYNAMITE
FOUND ON THE TRACKS
John W. Foster Talks of the 'Alaskan
Settlement.
LONDON, Oct. 10.— "Profoundly impor
tant, not only from the standpoint of the
English-speaking race, but also from the
standpoint of the world's peace." .
This is the comment of John W. Foster,
agent for the United States, in an inter
view to-day on the success of the Alaska
Boundary Commission In adjusting the
principal dispute between Canada 1 and the
United States. -
"When the Canadians receive the , full
text of the decision," said Foster) "they
will find themselves in a better. position
than is indicated by the press forecast.
They already possessed an outlet ¦ to the
seat at Port Simpson, but that impor
tant point— the wesern terminus of their
projected transcontinental railway— Is in
adequately defended. The decision of the
commission giving, the Canadians the
whole body of water, in front of Port
Simpson, as well as the adjacent islands
and channels on both sides, means a de
cisive strategical advance for our neigh
bors. It means that Port Simpson will
become practically impregnable.
"However, the Americans - have . every.
MEANS LONG ERA OF PEACE.
Za.n Francisco supplied the largest por
tion of the articles of the nation and
many sales of stores. Chicago furnished
the bulk of the salt meats and meat
products.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 19.— Colonel W. L.
Alexander, acting commissary general, In
his annual report to the Secretary of
...ar.'says that many of the difficulties
which have heretofore been encountered
In supplying- the army in the Philippines
have been overcome and that the troops
there are now regularly supplied with
fresh meats and vegetables. Through an
arrangement with the Navy Department
fresh beef continues to come from Aus
tralia.
Many of the Difficulties Heretofore
Encountered in Supplying Food
stuffs Are Overcome.
ARMY IN PHILIPPINES
RECEIVES FRESH MEATS
It. is said , that, in . all probability, a
period of one year will be required to
complete the work of delimitation on the
boundary line provided In the treaty. The
commissioners could only lay down gen
eral principles for the fixation of the line,
but they could not, in the nature of the
case, undertake to" make a practical sur
vey. This work will be done by experts
named by both the United States and
Great Britain, and steps to this end will
be taken at once.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 19.— An apparent
conflict in the information from London
and the announcement made by a State
Department official on Saturday respect
ing the agreement reached by , the
Alaskan , Boundary Commissioners is ex
plained here to-day ; by the statement
that the London advices touching the
victory of the American case on all points
except as to the Portland canal are per
fectly correct," but that the commission's
decision was not technically final because
of the. omission, to. locate the "mountain
range.",which was referred to in the orig
inal Russian -treaty of cession as a con
ditional limit to the American claim. It
is said, however, at the State Department
that . this is • not, after all, material, in
view of the commission's decision that
every inch of the shore line north of the
Portland canal is American territory, for
whether, the strip be only a mile wide or
ten miles, or forty, the Canadians cannot
reach the sea without crossing American
territory.
Actual Location of Boundary "Will
Be Established.
JOINT SURVEY TO BE MADE.
"The United States Attorney, not having
been advised of this indictment and being
fully convinced that the testimony pro
duced before the Grand Jury, upon which
this Indictment was based, was false,
corruptly fabricated and instigated for
epite and revenge, considers that Justice
requires a prompt dismissal of the in
dictment, with a record and a statement
of the methods employed to mislead the
Grand Jury. The District Attorney, fully
believing in the Innocence of the defend
ant, a nolle prosse Is therefore entered."
SAN JUAN, Rico. Oct. 19.— The
Federal Grand Jury has found an indict
ment against Collector of Customs Cruzen
for having received unlawful emoluments
cf smuggled goods, and It has Indicted
Captain Andrew Dunlap. U. S. N., com
mandant of the naval station here, and
Robert Giles, a former contractor in
Porto Rico, for smuggling. Great efforts
were made before the Grand Jury to in
dict Cruzen on other charges, but they
faiI«*<J. District Attorney Pettlngill Im
mediately nolled the • indictment against
Cruzen with the following indorsement!
INDICTMENT IS FOUND
AGAINST A COLLECTOR
Federal Grand Jury at San Juan
Takes Action Against
Cruzen.
The decision grants all the American
contentions with the exception of the
one relating to the Portland CanaL The
signatories are Lord Chief Justice Alver-
Btone and Senator Lodge, Senator Turner
and Secretary Root, the American com
missioners. They constituted an assured
finality. Aylesworth and Jett carried
their outspoken disapproval of the deci
sion to the point of refusing to sign even
that section of the decision giving the
Portland Canal to Canada and they em
phasized their attitude by walking out
of the Cabinet room in the Foreign Of
fice before the signatures of the others
had been affixed to the historic docu
ment, which has already been printed
and is ready for the session to be held
to-morrow. The only thing remaining to
be done at this session is that the major
ity of the tribunal complete and sign the
map which accompanies the decision and
which minutely determines the course of
the boundary in ' accordance with the
American contentions in question No. 6.
An engrossed copy of the decision also
will be signed on Tuesday. -
The refusal of Messrs. Aylesworth and
Jett to coincide In Lord Alverstone's
view was known to only a few persons
here to-night, but at the Foreign Oflice
and in high Government circles it- has
created a painful impression. . There j is
no hope expressed that the Canadian
commissioners will reconsider their • atti
tude and sign the engrossed copy of the
decision, which will stand as the Interna
tional record of the tribunal's finding. :
The boundary commissioners drove to
Buckingham Palace this morning, where
they were received by King Edward.
Embassador Choate • accompanied the
United States commissioners i and intro
duced them to the King, who had pre
viously been Informed "of ' the terms of
the agreement reached by the tribunal.
The King's reception of the commission
was a very simple affair. He congratula
ted them on the completion of their la
bors, was especially cordial to the Cana
dians and to the Americans he said - nice
things. *->*"
_~. ONDON. Oct. 19.— A draft of the
JT decision reached by the bourt-
B - dary commissioners was signed
by a majority of the commission
ers this evening. Aylesworth and
Jett, the Canadian commissioners, re
fused to sign.
Admiral Alexieff declared, In a conver
sation, that Russia would not evacuate
Manchuria. The Chinese, he pointed out,
did not press them to leave. What right,
then, had Japan to do so?
The Russian fleet has returned from
Dalny. The garrison there and 20.000
Chinese laborers are at work building
barracks for more than 10.000 men.
CHEFU. Oct. 19.— The Russians are in
dignant *at the United States Govern
ment for concluding a treaty with China
for the opening of Moukden to the com
merce of the world. They say the St.
Petersburg Government will protest, and
they maintain that the opening of this
new treaty port will never take place./
The Port Arthur Russian newspaper,
Novoe Krai, published a violent article
on this subject yesterday. In another
'article published' to-day it declared that
the Moukden treaty was proof of the ag
gressive nature of the policy of the Uni
ted States. This policy infringed the
rights of Russia, founded on her restora
tion of order in Manchuria and the ces
sion b'y China to Russia of the sole com
mercial exploitation of Manchuria.
Speclar Cable to The Call and New York
SSEm" x>. C v,W ht V. 1903 ' by the * ew York
Herald Publishing Company.
Russians at Port Arthur Say Port of
Moukden "Will Never Be Opened.
BITTER TOWARD AMERICA.
"While at Port Arthur, although . that
is not a commercial port, I saw two
steamers unloading, one a cargo of Amer
ican beer, and the other a cargo of Amer
ican flour. My observations led me to the
conclusion that . the Imports of Russia
were largely composed of vodka, the na
tive drink. Russia is not a manufactur
ing country and the Russians therefore
receive their manufactured products very
largely from other nations. The Russians
with whom I talked expressed themselves
as very favorable to American commer
cial enterprises."
that, by the expenditure of $300,000,000 In
the construction of the Siberian Railway
and cities and the suppression of the
Manchurian bandits, who had. formerly
made It impossible for the people to mar
ket their produce, Russia had brought or
der into thia immense agricultural region
of Manchuria and has thereby made pos
sible an extensive, growing trade, 75 per
cent of which now comes from the United
States. This shows that Manchuria is a
splendid and growing field for American
commerce.
JAPANESE STATESMAN WHO
IS STRIVING TO PRESERVE
KOREA'S INTEGRITY.
French and Japanese, as well as Brit
ish officials are pleased at the prospect
of a disappearance of every danger to the
friendship of the two great Anglo-Saxon
nations. They believe that it reduces the
chances that the Czar will force war in
the Far East and thereby compel France
to - choose ¦ between offending Russia or
England and also compel Japan to lavish
life and wealth in a battle for expansion.
reason to accept with satisfaction the
commission's finding, which grants the
validity of the most Important of their
claims and removes a difiicult question
which eo long blocked the way to a set
tlement of the entire series of disputes
between the two countries.
"It is practically certain that nothing
remains to be decided which involves, the
slightest danger to the good relationship
between Canada and the United States or
Great Britain -end the United States.
Every lover of peace, law and free in
stitutions must view this outlook with
gratification. •
'"Naturally, the British war office is
happy thet the decision has been reached,
because it feels that nothing else could
so weaken British diplomacy or engender
the vital interests of the empire as a
quarrel with the United States. On the
other hand, Americans must rejoice that
an ugly cloud has gone from their hori
zon and that a long period of fair weather
is promised between them and their kins
men in the north."
Eastern Situation.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo.. Oct. 19.—
Hon. Horace -N. Allen. United States Min
ister to Korea, who has be > en in that coun
try for eighteen years and who is en
route to the Orient, spent the day In
Colorado Springs. He left Seoul last
spring, crossed Russia by the Trans-Si
berian Railway and spent the summer in
Europe and the United States. Regarding
the politiclal situation in the Far East,
Allen said:
"So far as the negotiations that are now
being carried on by Russia, China and
Japan are concerned, I, of course, do not
care to be quoted. Our position is that
of a neutral friend to each, and they all
feel very friendly toward the United
States. However the problem may, be 1 de
cided, it seems that It will not be to the
disadvantage of America/Many of the
telegrams we see in the newspapers here
show unmistakable signs of inaccuracy
and sensationalism in dealing with the
present Oriental situation and it is a good
plan to await confirmation before forming
conclusions upon them.
"Korea is regarded as the storm center
of Asia It has been under the afternate
domination of China, Russia and Japan.
Since Japan waged a successful war with
China to secure the, absolute independence
of Korea, China has been left out of the
count and the strife for supremacy has
been between Russia and Japan.
"During the. year past Russia has be
gun to operate a timber concession, , said
to embrace most of the -northern frontier
of Korea, In the operation of this conces
sion the Russian concessionaries are run
ning counter to the interests of certain
Japanese, who "held similar, agreements
with local magistrates. It Is thought that
this condition may lead to serious conse
quences.
"As to the port of Masampho, on the
south coast of Korea, near Japan, which
has been a bone of contention between
Russia and Japan for some time, it is
true that Russia has obtained from Korea*
\he allotment of ground for a special
Russian settlement . and coaling station,
but this was offset and pratically nullified
later by a similar allotment granted to
Japan. Any attempt of either power to
occupy these settlements in a military
way; would doubtless lead to serious dif
ficulty. ' .
•1*; have -been Impressed .with . the fact
AMERICA WILL NOT LOSE.
Has Nothing to Fear in the Far
pan's policy.
A majority of the Russian ships have
left Port Arthur since the maneuvers for
an unknown destination, and it is sup
posed that some of them are cruising on
the shores of Korea.
The Japanese ships whose presence at
Masampho caused the report that Japan
had occupied that port, have sailed, prob
ably In the direction of Saseho. Japan-
LONDON. Oct. 20.— The Daily Mail this
morning says that since October 17 eight
Bteamships have been chartered in the
United Kingdom to carry steam coal to
Japan, and that two. other consignments
are reported.
instructed Admiral Alexieff, Rus
sian Viceroy. in the Far East, that Rus
sian interests must be maintained by
force of arms, if necessary, the Viceroy
at once demanded 50,000 additional troops.
YOKOHAMA, Oct.' 19.— The negotiations
between Russia and Japan have come to
another standstill. It is thought doubt
ful that Marquis Ito!s view of the mili
tary occupation of Manchuria is indorsed
by the whole country, but it is 'believed
that it is strong enough to carry his
point, owing to the paramount stand
taken for the Integrity of Korea and
the open door In Manchuria for "all'na
tions.
PEKING, Oct. 19.-Like other cities in
the Far East, Peking is perplexed by the
reports ' from ' various . points - of events
portending*. ItusBo-Japanese war. Most
of these reports, on investigation, prove
to be unfounded. Tho opinion prevails
here that Russia purposes to hold all she
has gained in Manchuria and refrain from
further advances into Korea. It is also
believed that Russia' is convinced that no
nation except Japan thinks of contest
ing her position and, having assembled
a fleet and army which she considers
strong enough to repel any Japanese at
tack, she Is awaiting developments In Ja-
; £%T. PETERSBURG, Oct. 19.— A story
fi is current in military and diplo
«¦¦•"¦ ' matic circles here that, In answer
to a telegram in which the Czar
The cause of the accident was not
definitely made known to-night. The
master of the General Frisbie is Captain
George Wheeler.
The General Frisble proceeded to her
pier and the passengers of both vessels
went to their homes or the hotels.
The passengers of the disabled vessel
were hastily transferred to the Frisble.
Then the St. Helena, was put under full
steam and quickly brought up on the
yielding ooze about a quarter of a mile
from iown.
As quickly as possible after the collis
ion the Frisble backed away from the
St. Helena and then moved alongside. It
was apparent that the St. Helena would
pooti sink were she to remain at the
place of the accident and Captain E. F.
Le« decided to run for the mud flats.
VALLEJO. Oct. 13.— While speeding
toward her dock at this city at about
10:20 o'clock to-night the sharp-nosed
passenger steamer General Frisble,
which left Ban Francisco last •vening,
smashed Into the side of the steamer St.
Helena as the latter was proceeding on
her run from Napa to the metropolis.
The collision occurred in the channel
opposite Vallejo. A great hole was torn
in the St. Helena and water poured in
alarming volume Into her hold. The few
passengers aboard, most of whom had
retired, were panic-stricken, as were also
the greater number on the General Fris
ble. They crowded frantically on the
decks and appealed for assistance, but
were Foon calmed by the officers of the
vessels, who assured them that they
were in no immediate peril. No person
was injure.
Epedel Dlre&tch to Tfce CiU.
The bank building is a two-story struc
ture and it appears that in the second
story three students of the Pacific Col
lege have their sleeping apartments.
From the story of these students it is
evident that the burglars must have been
Professor R- W. Kirk, principal of the
public school, lives across the street from
the bank and took In the situation from
the time of the first of the explosions.
He could tell the location of the guards,
but did not know how many more there
were stationed about and did not risk in
terference. He says that after preparing
for each explosion the burglar who had It
In charge came out and carefully closed
the door behind 'him. After the last at
tempt he heard one speak, to another,
saying: "Come od, Bob." Then they dis
appeared around the rear of the build
ing.
PROFESSOR "WAS CAUTIOUS.
Cashier J. C. Colcord was soon on the
ground and entered "The bank building at
the side door, wnen the worklne plan of
the safe wreckers was disclosed. They
had laboriously cut an opening through
the brick wall by which they gained ac
cess to the safe. Evidences of a terrific
bombardment were at hand. Great pieces
¦of steel had been wrenched loose and
hurled against the vault door, bursting
it open. But the safe, a steel chest, re
sisted all the attempts of the burglars and
the funds of the bank were untouched.
Nine charges were exploded, all in the
course of a half hour.
While the bombardment of the chest
was In progress two men stood guard on
the outside, one on the northeast corner
and one on the south. The guards effect
ually intimidated those living in the Im
mediate vicinity of the bank, who feared
to eive the alarm.
Isaac Vinson, a young man who stays
at the Newberg Hotel, was somewhat be
lated in getting in and came along the
street at the tlsn* the work was going
on. One of the burglars on guard rough
ly hailed him, "Get out of this, you ,
or I'll blow your head off," and flreri in
his direction. Vinson got out and notified
the people at the hotel.
RESULT OF BOMBARDMENT.
Austin climbed up into the tower and
clanged the bell and shot by turns until
he had the town thoroughly aroused.
Nothing was heard at the bank after the
first bell tap. In fact, it is believed that
the burglars gave up in despair of forcing
the safe open and left some fifteen min
utes before the bell rang.
City Marshal J. J. Woods tracked th»
men out north of town, across the rail
road, and found where their horses had
been hitched a short distance beyond.
Arthur Austin was the first to give the
general alarm. Having heard the shoot
ing, he started out and soon learned th©
facts. With gun in hand, he made his
way to the City Hall to ring the fire bell,
but found th.it the robbers had taken a
precaution here, too, by cutting away the
bell rope.
At 3 o'clock the citizens of the town
generally were awakened by a series of
muffled explosions, a vigorous ringing of
the town fire bell and occasionally rifle
reports. Almost to a man they turned
out to see what was the cause of the
disturbance, fearing tnat their homes
were in danger of fire. It was soon
learned that robbers had taken posses
sion of the bank and the populace turned
its attention in that direction. By the
time the peopleTeached the scene, how
ever. the bandits had succeeded in get
ting away.
SERIES OF EXPLOSIONS.
Belated residents returning to their
homes were warned to remain silent on
the penalty of death and, cowed into sub
mission, they obeyed the orders of tho
bandits.
Persons in the immediate vicinity of the
bank had been watching the proceedings
since shortly after midnight, but. cov
ered by two men with rifles, they dared
not eive the alarm. Occupants of the
bank building were compelled to remain
In their quarters while the walls threat
ened to go down with every explosion
and they did not dare venture a call for
help, as such a move might have meant
instant death.
NEWBERG, Or.. Oct. 19.-For two
hours this morning, while everything was
shrouded in darkness, this town was prac
tically under the control of a gang of
bandits who were attempting to blow up
the bank of Newberg and loot the vault
of the $10,000 it contained. Charge after
charge of dynamite was exploded against
the safe by the robbers, while those citi
zens who attempted to investicate the
cause of the tumult were held at bay and
even forced to lie down In the streets
by other desperadoes armed with rifles.
Though the brick building of the bank
was badly wrecked, the steel safe with
stood the attack, and the bandits finally
gave up the attempt and escaped on
horseback.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
. "The difficulties of the Maryland Trust
Company ; have no' relationship, to ours.
Neither our, firm nor Mr. Williams owes
a dollar to the j Maryland Trust Company,
nor does that company owe us anything."
Among the alarming rumors afloat was
one to the effect that the' municipality
of Baltimore had ' milions of its treasure;
realized from, the Western Maryland
Railroad/involved in to-day's failures.
Investigation • proved, however, and : the
There have' been other financial
troubles, in Baltimore recently, involving
first the City Trust and Banking Com
pany and the Hamond Ice Company and
William J. Middendorf & Co., but it is be
lieved they .were not in any manner fore
runners of to-day's suspensions. J. "W".
Middendorf, speaking for. his firm and
J. L. Williams & Sons of Richmond, said
to-day:
The filing of the first applications for
receivers for the embarrassed companies
was followed by petitions for co-receivers
for both companies. The total liabilities
of the two companies exceed $10,000,000.
The cause of the Maryland Trust Com
pany's failure, as set forth in the state
ment of Receiver McLane, was the in
vestment of the assets in Mexican rail
way securities, \ which could, not be
marketed. The Union Trust Company
failed because of a run on its banking
department, about $150,000 having been
withdrawn by depositors to-day, but the
real trouble of the company had its origin
in the organization of the South and
Western Railway in Virginia, in which
a capitalization of about $11,000,000 was
contemplated. l The Union Trust Company
was the fiscal agent for the Virginia en
terprise. Just as the Maryland company
was the fiscal agent for the Mexican
company.
i Though these two failures followed so
closely, it can be said on unquestioned
authority that there was no connection
whatever between the two. The Mary
land. Trust Company and the Union Trust
Company were not Jointly interested in
any. enterprise. Neither company man
aged trust estates.
OTHER FINANCIAL TROUBLES.
CAUSE OF THE FAILURES.
The last statement of the Maryland
Trust Company, Issued on Juno 30, 1903,
showed capital stock of $2,125,000, surplus
of $2,437,500 and undivided profits of $377,-
S98. The conjpany has demand and time
deposits amounting to $5,773,817.
The Union Trust Company, at the close
of business on March 31, 1903, had capital
stock of $1,000,000, surplus of $250,000 and
undivided profits of $159,4S7. The Union
Trust Company had deposits amounting
to nearly $2,000,000.
"It all depends upon how the people of
Baltimore act. If they do not lose their
heads the trouble will blow over in time
and nobody will be hurt; but if they be
come panic-strickerf the consequences will
be serious. This is the time to use calm
Judgment."
Allan McLane, third vice president of
the Maryland Trust Company, was ap
pointed to take charge of the affairs of
that company. Miles White Jr., first vice
president of the Union Trust Company,
was appointed receiver of that institu
tion. McLano gave a bond in the sum of
J2.000.000 and White "gave a bond in the
sum of $1,000,000.
It was agTeed among the leaders, and
so given out for publication, that there
was nothing alarming in the general
financial situation In t^Ss-city. and that
the mere fact that temporary difficulties
overtook one or two concerns was no rea
son why other perfectly solvent institu
tions should be regarded with suspicion.
One of » the most prominent bankers in
Baltimore' said:
TRYING TO AVERT PANIC.
BALTIMORE, Oct. 19.— This has been a
day of marked excitement and subdued
anxiety In the financial and business
circles of Baltimore. Luckily a dozen
reports well calculated to provoke a
wholesale run on banks did not reach the
great army of depositors throughout the
city, thus giving: ample -time for conser
vative leaders of business; to allay popu
lar apprehension before It reached dan
gerous proportions.
The day began with the announcement
of the failure of the Maryland Trust Com
pany, and, except to a few, the news
came as a bolt out of a clear sky, spread
ing consternation in all directions. To
these few it was known that the trust
company had long been struggling with
"undigested securities"; that it had sus
tained heavy withdrawals of deposits,
and that, finally, on Saturday last, it had
failed in its efforts to negotiate a two
million dollar loan in London, fj
The suspension of the ' Union Trust
Company, which occurred at a late hour
in the day, gave impetus to many base
less rumors as to other financial institu
tions, which might well have created a
panic had they been current earlier In the
day. " ' " ' " * .
Steel Safe Containing Ten
Thousand Dollars Re
sists Explosives.
Excited Passengers Are
Transferred and No
Person Is Injured.
Disasters Due to Bad In
vestments in Railroad
. Securities.
Disabled Napa Vessel
Run on Mud Flats
Off Vallejo.
May Cause "Run" Upon
Other Financial
Concerns.
Citizens Meet Rifles of
Bandit Guards on
Streets,
Newberg Or., Bank
Is Wrecked by
Dynamite.
Frisbie in Collision
With the St.
Helena.
Unexpected Fail
ures Startle Bal-
SWIFT BOAT
TEARS HOLE
IN STEAMER
DESPEMDOES
RULE A TOWN
FOR ROBBERY
TWO TRUST
COMPANIES
COLLAPSE
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1903.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCIV— KO. 142.
RUSSIAN VICEROY
IN FAR EAST ASKS
FOR MORE TROOPS
CANADIANS REFUSE
TO SIGN ALASKAN
BOUNDARY DECISION
The San Francisco CallHudson Theater Is Dedicated.
NEW YORK, Oct. 19.— The Hudson
Theater ¦. was, dedicated • to-night by llisa
Ethel Barrymor© In "Cousin Kate," the
London comedy success . by ; Harry H.
Davies. Francis -Wilson' 'and a company
of stars gave an elaborate revival of
"Ermlnle". at the ; Casino to-night. The
company included Jessie Bartlett Davis
and Madge Lessing.
. Schmitz addressed his first meeting of
the evening at Maennerbund Hall, Twen
ty-fourth street and Potrero avenue. This
meeting was presided over by George H.
Albert. Previous to the arrival of the
Mayor several Union Labor party candi
dates addressed the assembled voters,
small boys and women. Their speeches
were all alike. Each one vied with the
other In telling his hearers why the Union
Labor party should be supported from top
to bottom. Between speeches the Pierce
Quintet, composed of two male and
three ' female voices, and good voices at
that, ' told in words set to music why
Schmitz was the man. The quintet waa
compelled to answer several encores, the
audience showing a decided preference
for the music. .
When Schmitz entered the hall he was
greeted with cheers." Without any loss
of time/he took his place on the platform,
and Chairman Albert introduced j him as
Mayor Eugene E. Schmitz, "tried and
true, the - champion of , the cause of the
laboring man and the exponent of the
doctrine of equal, rights to -all, special
privileges to none." When the cheering
Mayor Schmitz passed a busy night last
night. He traveled from the Mission to
North Beach, delivering four speeches.
The speech he delivered In the Mission
was delivered at North Beach and at in
termediate points. No one, however, was
any the wiser, except those who followed
him from hall to hall, and these were few.
For his pains the Mayor received consid
erable' applause and not a few cheers"
The heartiest reception was accorded him
at Washington Square Hall, which was
packed to tho doors by men, women and
children. The voters in the crowd wore
Schmitz buttons, and when the candidate
for re-election to the office of Mayor, on
the Union Labor ticket. entered and left
the hall he was greeted with cheers. He
was also interrupted several times during
his speech by the noise of his supporters.
Mayor Addresses Crowds in Mission
and at North Beach. V Vx .
SCHMITZ MEETINGS.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 19.— Patrick
O*Hara, aged 60 years, ' was shot and In
stantly killed at Guerneville about
midnight Sunday. Coroner Blackburn Im
paneled a jury to-day and that body re
turned a verdict that deceased came to
his death at the hands of deputies In the
performance of their duties.
The details of affairs leading up to the
shooting are enveloped in considerable
mystery. Shortly before midnight Ole
Hansen returned to Guerneville and re
ported that a man was molesting persons
driving along the county road. Justice
of the Peace Brown secured his gun and
started out to make an arrest and en
route called on Elijah Shortridge for as
sistance. O'Hara was occupying a de
serted cabin In Oregon Canyon, some lit
tle distance from Guerneville, and thither
the party went to secure him. There is
a great discrepancy between the stories
told by the witnesses to the tragedy as
to what happened after their arrival.
It is asserted that Shortridge called on
O'Hara to surrender and fired his gun in
the air, but not near him. Hansen and
Bhortridge say that the man was killed
by a shot from the magistrate's weapon,
and this is met with a vehement denial
from Justice: Brown. He declares that he
had no motive whatever that wouia
prompt him to shoot, and asserts that the
man was killed by a shot from tho rear,
where his (Brown's) companions were
standing.' The bullet entered the side be
tween the eleventh and twelfth ribs.
Brown is an aged man, having reached
the four score and ten limit. He has re
sided in Guerneville for, many years, be
ing a pioneer of that' section, and enjoys
the confidence of all who know him.
O'Hara ; was a' stranger in that vicinity,
as are his companions. The deceased is
said to be a San Franciscan. It Is possi
ble some prosecutions may ensue.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Disagree as to Facts
Leading Up to the
Tragedy.
The second meeting was held at Har
mony Hall, 1749 Mission street, where
Lane arrived shortly after 10 o'clock. He
was received by a big crowd and was
cheered as he entered the hall and when
he arose to begin his address/ He had a
good deal to say about the expenditure of
the $18,000,000 bond money during the com
ing two years and wanted his hearers to
understand that the only party who could
put this to the best use was the Demo
cratic party. He waa not In the deal for
himself in any way, but It was only for
the city's good that he took such a vital
interest In this campaign. The emolu
ments of the office were as nothing as
compared with his feelings of loyalty and
subservience to the ' welfare and pro
tection of the interests of the municipal
ity.- He referred to the monarchy of
England and speaking of King Edward
stated that the man who cast an honest
ballot was as great as any king.
Other speakers were John Barnett, John
Connor. Judge Cabanlss, A. H. Wehe, P.
J. Curtis, J. F. Loughery, Dr. Inland, M.
J. Hynes, G. B. McClellan, L. P. Bying
ton, B. Rock, Carl Westerfeld, Dr. Graa*r,
A. Comte and H. J. Brandenstein.
Speeches were also made by W. Brod
erick, Samuel Braunhart, Dr. D'Ancona,
Judge Mogan, E. Godchaux, W W. San
derson, J. A. L.ynch, Henry Payot, F. J.
Grace, O. Hocks, Dr. Dodge and J. C.
Friedlander.
District at Rolando's Hall. Twenty-eighth
and Church streets. He started his speech
by saying that the fight in this campaign
was not In any way. for personal
aggrandisement; he was simply in It to
try to help the best Interests of the "city
and the City's government.* He said: "I
fight now, as always, for what I think is
right." He added that the Republican
party was divided into two factions, the
De Young business men faction and the
Abe Ruef Labor. Union faction. He de
clared the Labor Union party was, under
the present management, simply a band
of masaueraders.
He then roasted the Civil Service Com
mission, his remarks upon this subject
meeting with great approval from his
auditors.
He said he wanted to see that his fel
low citizens would follow a course that
would commend itself to them and to the
citizens for years to come. The future
welfare of the city all rested on the pres
ent election he said. • ,
LAW OFFIGERS
KILL STRANGER
In speaking of Lane, he said that he
did not think that that gentleman could
take any better care of- the charter than
had been bestowed upon It during the last
nineteen months. He did not think, he
said, that because Mr. Lane was a law
yer he was any better fitted Inter
pret the charter than himself -and the
men who had served with him during his
administration. Schmitz also announced
himself as a stanch supporter of the
new San Francisco, made possible by the
recent bond election. His peroration was
an 'appeal to the voters to stand by the
administration of the last two years.
"Why should you change?" he asked.
"You now have something that you know
to be good. Do not change it for some
thing that you know nothing of."
Schmitz' next address was delivered at
Silk's Hall, corner of Preclta avenue and
Mission street. J. A. Devoto was chair
man of the meeting. It was well attend
ed and the listeners to the speeches of
the various candidates were liberal with
their applause. Schmitz received a very
warm welcome and . three hearty cheers
when he got through talking.
John McKeon presided over the meet-
Ing at Twin. Peaks Hall, where was gath
ered the next assemblage addressed by
Schmitz. The hall was pretty well filled
with small boys and voters. The boys
made most of the noise, and the services
of two policemen were required to subdue
them. At. this meeting the Pierce Quin
tet sang several songs, while the crowd
was waiting for Schmitz to appear. The
Mayor did not arrive until after 10
o'clock. He delivered his stereotyped
address and then excused himself from
talking any longer, saying that he had
another meeting to attend. He was
given three hearty cheers • and left the
hall. Nearly every one in the place left
at the same time, notwithstanding that
the chairman announced that there were
several more candidates to be heard from-
At Washington Square Hall the Mayor
waa greeted by an Immense crowd. It
was an enthusiastic gathering. It was
presided over by Joseph V. Ducolng. Once
more was the stereotyped speech repeated
by Schmitz. It earned him lots of ap
plause, and when he finally said good
night he was given three cheers and a
tiger as a farewell.
had subsided, Schmitz thanked the audi
ence for Its very, enthusiastic reception.
He decried what he was pleased to call
the mud-slinglng tactics adopted by. his
opponents, and said that he did not be
lieve in such a method. Following upon
the heels of this he said he did not see
how any laboring man could vote for a
man who thought so little of the working
man's Intelligence that he imagined he
could buy them for a few barrels of
steam beer. He said that Crocker thought
he" could win his way to the hearts of
the voters by supplying them liberally
with the foamy beverage, and he called
upon his hearers to show that they were
not to be so bought.
CANDIDATE AND STATE'S CHIEF
EXECUTIVE WHO WILL SPEAK
AT UNION LEAGUE RALLY.
Itchln*. BUnd. Bleedinjr or Protruding: Piles.
Tour druggist will refund money if Fazo
Olctmect tails to cure you la tt to 14 days. 60c*
A Guaranteed Cure for Files.
Colombian Senate Elects President.
BOGOTA. Colombia, Saturday, Oct. 17,
via Buena Ventura, Oct. 13.— Urlco Echea
was to-day elected President of the Sen
ate and Auguster Samper was elected
President of the House of Representa
tives. Shi.
A man by the name of R. Luce was em
ployed In the Department of Electricity. Local
No. 283 blackballed him on application on the
ground that a man to be employed as informer
to Chief Wittman was not the man to be a
member of the union Luce Waa the. man that
Informed Wittman regarding the police Officer
Alexander and Lulu Wilson case.
Cooney is now working with' Luce, and the
union now has men out of work who could
take the position which pays $75.
When Jeremiah F. Collins waa running: for
the Assembly Mr. Cooney objected to bis aaeia-
At one time about a year &za we were try
ins to unionise a certain company and we
wanted to have Schmitz talk to the men to ask
the employe* to Join the union. Our union ap
pointed a committee of three to visit Mayor
Schmitz, and Mr. Cooney volunteered to bring
the committee to Schmitz. He first ; brought
them to Parry, the Fire Commissioner, then to
Abe Ruef and finally got Ruef to take them to
the Mayor.
Mr. Cooney stated that it was settled by
Charles Spear, •' president of the State Board of
Harbor Commissioners. - "
When the strike was settled Harry Worth
ington, president of the Linemen's Union, In
formed the union that the strike, waa settled
by a prominent business man, but would not
own up to the man beinr Crocker, as he did
not want Crocker to get the credit for Jt.
The statement he made was borne out
by James McQueeney, a member of the
union. The latter said he did not know
until that evening that it was Mr.
Crocker who had helped his union and
he wanted to thank him in behalf of fel
low members for the part he took. De
spite his statement, the evening political
organ of Mr. Lane accuses McQueeney of
being a non-union man. In answer to
this charge lir. McQueeney says:
The Bulletin is trying to take credit
away from Henry J. Crocker for the part
he took In settling the linemen's strike.
It will be remembered that at the joint
mcetirtg of the Twenty-eighth and .Twen
ty^nlnth Assembly districts, held in Occi
dental Hall, 246 Third street, last week,
.Mr.. Crocker told of his connection with
the matter. . He did not Bp ; eak boastingly.
In fact he was loth to talk and would
not have- said a' word but for the fact
that certain of his friends assured him if
he -did not inform the workingmen pres
ent of -what he had done -in' 'bringing
about the settlement of the strike, they
would.
James McQuceney Gives Him Credit
for Standing by Linemen.
CROCKER SETTLES STRIKE.
"I have just arrived in your city and
the first news I received of the failure
of the Maryland Trust Company was
while on the train. I have no fear that
the collapse of that Institution will In any
way affect the enormous banking inter
ests of this country. AH the institutions
have plenty of resources and have long
been prepared for any change in condi
tions. They expected something like the
affair cf to-day and they decided to let
it occur. There is nothing in the condi
tion of the banks of the country to arouse
fear that failures like those of to-day
are going to do general harm."
The consensus of opinion regarding the
'effect of the failures, as expressed by at
least forty of the bankers, when inter
viewed, was clearly voiced In a state
ment made by President F. G. Bigelow
of the First National Bank of Milwaukee,
¦who is also vice president of the National
Bankers' Association. Said be:
The news of the failure of thp Mary
land Trust Company and the Union Trust
Company of Baltimore apparently aroused
little concern among the several hun
dred Eastern bankers who were assem
bled In the lobbies cf the Palace and
other local hotels last evening. The ma
jority of them read the dispatches relat
ing to th« closing of the two concerns as
if they had long expected the failures.
In fact, several bankers quietly remarked
that they really had been looking for
ward to the collapse of the first mention
ed Institution and believed that the fail
ure would prove more of a benefit to the
banking interests of the country than a
disaster. .
Eastern Financiers Now in San Fran
cisco Discuss Failures. «
BANKERS NOT ALAEMED.
The whole cause cf the embarrassment of
the company !g the fact that it has ioaned
to the Vera Cruz and Pacific Railroad Com
pany in Mexico a very large sum of money,
ts security for which it holds on deposit the
?Ttire issue cf first mortgage bonds ($5,000.-
OOO) preferred etock and $5,000,000 common
stock of that road, and on account of the un
favorable condition of the money market It
has been unable to effect a satisfactory loan
upon these securities.
The Maryland Trust Company has for some
time been able to gn along without ecrlou*
?-mbarrafsment in spite of having so much of
Its money tied up in the Vera Cruz and Pa
cific Railroad and would undoubtedly have
l^en able to wait a still longer time for a
li.»an on or sale of tho«e securities w»re It not
for the fact that I find it has a large line of
demand deposits subject to Klthdrawa] on call
and that during the past week two 1 rpe with
drawals were made upon it. This rendered it
absolutely necessary, for the conduct of th«
husint'fe upon an honorable ba^ls. to obtain a
temporary loan upon certain of the Investments
owned by the company. This latter loan was
in process of negotiation with prospects of a
favorable result when, on Saturday last, the
third vice president who, owing to illness 8nd
absence for the past «lx weeks of the presi
dent and first vice president, had been com
pelled to take up the entire management of th»
company, discovereft that the obtaining of such
t- loan was merely temporizing; that the ob
taining of such a temporary loan, when taken
In consideration with the proposed loan on the
Yera Cruz and Pacific securities, fell far short
of enabling the company to continue to conduct
business upon an honorable basis; in rhort,
that to obtain the temporary loan in question
¦was only putting off the evil day upon the
chance of effecting a. sale of the Vera Cruz
end Pacific road in order to make Itself abso
lutely eoH-ent.
In view of this condition of affairs. I went
to Xew York on Saturday night and withdrew
the application for the temporary loan and
called togeth»r the members of the executive
committee who could be reached to meet me
Funday night upon my return from New York,
at which meeting I laid before them the situ
ation of the company discovered by me tor
the nn>t time the day previous, and told them
that in my opinion we could not run the risk
of waiting until Tuesday for action by the
director* at their <juarterly meeting, as should
large withdrawals take place on Monday the
company would manifestly be unable to meet
them, and we would have to suspend.
The committee approved of this view, and
the same evening at the same place, in con
ference with representatives of some of the
largest and most responsible financial institu
tions in the oity who had been invited to meet
there, laid before them the entire state of
the case. After a protracted conference. laet-
Jng Into Monday morning, it was unanimously
decided by all present, with great regret, that
there was nothing to do but follow tho course
rroposed.
At thU time, without a more accurate ex
amination of the book* and exact knowledge
of the various figures, I shall not attempt to
give figures to the press, but will do ro at
the earliest practicable opportunity. In the
meantime, prompt and earnest efforts will be
made to advise with the leading creditors of
th» company with a view to preparing plans
for realizing to the best advantage the various
assets.
finance commissioners have also an
nounced that the city has only $300,000 in
volved with the Maryland Trust Company
end that this Is secured by three bonding
companies of this city.
BECEIVEB McLANE EXPLAINS.
Receiver McLane issued the following
eigned statement this afternoon explana
tory of the failure of the Maryland com
pany:
Continued From Page 1, Column 4.
It is known in every political camp
and talked about by every faction* that
Gavin McNab nominated Lane early last
summer. before the. primary elec
tion for delegates t was held, and
it Is -also common knowledge that
Gavin McNab selected the Demo
cratic candidates for Supervisor before
the Democratic com'ention assembled,
and that there is not a man on the Demo
cratic Supervisorial ticket that the cor
porations having business with the board
object to.
Henry J. Crocker's nomination was
made after mature deliberation and In
response to a very, general demand of the
several district delegations that a busi
ness man of energy, integrity and ca
pacity be placed at the head of the ticket.
LANE'S NOMINATION.
Ruef boasts that he carries the Forty
the Forty-fourth District. It is backed
by the Fire Department, the Police De
partment and the advocates of a wide
open town. Liquor dealers that are con
ducting a square, legitimate business are
not in favor of Ruef's scheme to open
wide the doors for everything that comes
along.
When the old Democratic politician of
the lobster species sees his finish in a
political campaign . he begins to shout
.."railroad." The cry is now raised in the
Democratic camp ' that Herrin of the
Southern Pacific brought about the nom
ination of Mr. Crocker. The fact Is fresh
in the minds of the people of San Fran
cisco that the Republican convention
tl.at gave Henry Crocker the nomination
for Mayor was created by 13,306 Republi
can citizens who went to the polls under
the provisions of the primary election
law and voted for the delegates of their
choice. Moreover, Mr. Herrin was abroad
when the election took place and when
the nomination was made.
At the primary election the Democratic
party cast 7443 votes and the Union Labor
party 0066. The Republican vote exceeded
that cast by the Democratic and Union
Labor parties combined. Working men,
property owners and business men went
to the polls at the primary election and
assisted In the creation of an Intelligent
puTJlic spirited convention of representa
tive men, and the ticket nominated by
that convention will be elected because
it is worthy of the support of every good
citizen. .-;•>; ¦>
MACHINE AT WOBK.
Reuf boasts that he carries the Forty
fifth District in his vest pocket, and that
he can deliver the vote of the district to
any party or candidate of his choice,
the same as one might deliver merchan
dipe on contract. The Schmitz forces
also claim the Twenty-ninth, Thirtieth,
Thirty-first, Thirty-second, Thirty-third
and Thirty-sixth districts.
Mr. Crocker will get very nearly the
solid vote of the party whose standard
he bears. The normal Republican vote
of San Francisco approximates 2S.00O. In
addition to his party vote he will derive
considerable strength from Democratic
business men who plainly perceive that
the Democratic nominee has no chance of
success.
It is regarded as extremely doubtful
whether Candidate Lane will be able to
carry a single Assembly district of the
city. It is an even betting proposition
tlmt he will not win one.
The election will take place two weeks
from to-day. Politicians in the several
camps are beginning to figure on prob
able district results. The Republicans
nre absolutely confident that Mr. Crocker
will carry the Thirty-fourth, Thirty-fifth,
Thirty-seventh. Thirty-eighth, Thirty
ninth* Fortieth, Forty-first, Forty-second
and Forty-third districts. The Indica
tions are that the Republican nominee
will win in the Forty-fourth and Twenty
eighth districts. A close contest in each
of these two last named districts is prob
able.
In his favor, and there are no
indications that the current of public
opinion will change during. the next two
weeks. The young men of San Francisco
are enthusiastic supporters of Mr.
Crocker's candidacy, as they regard him
as a fitting type of the progressive young
men of the time.
HENRY J. CROCKER, Republi
can nominee for Mayor, Is de
veloping unexpected strength.
Popular sentiment is largely
Will Poll Nearly the
Solid Vote of
Party.
II TRUST COMPANIES COLLAPSE
IOWA CITY, la., Oct. 13. — The Rock
Island limited, eastbour.d, crashed Into
en extra freight train, westbound, while
running at a high rate of ppecd, at Ox
ford, west of this city. A dozen persons
were Injured, but none seriously. The
conductor and engineer of the passenger
train leaped and sustained slight injuries.
About thirty persons were in the dining
car when the shock came. The Impact
was terrific, and tables were upset and
dishes smashed. Many persons were
struck on the face and head. The passen
per engine was turned over on Its side
and was demolished, while the freight
engine was badly wrecked.
JOLIET, HI., Oct. 19.— An Elgin, Joliet
and Eastern passenger train, running be
tween Joliet and Aurora, w-ent into the
ditch near Plalnneld to-day. The coaches
wore turned upside down. Several pas
ecngers were injured, but the only per
pon fatally hurt is Patrick Mallory, a
brakeman.
The collision was between an accommo
dation train which left Keysville this
morning and the passenger train from
Richmond.
RICHMOND, Va., Oct. 13.— A head-on
collision occurred on the Southern Rail
way between Keysvllle and Meeherrin to
day. Four trainmen were killed and five
Injured. Each train was crowded with
passengers, who suffered from the 6hock.
The dead:
M. E. WILLIAMS, postal clerk.
L. S. DILLON, flagman.
DANIEL P1NCKHAM, fireman.
E. II. ATWELL, engineer.
Rock Island Passengers in a
Smash-Up on the Iowa
Division.
Head-On Collision on
. Southern Railway
in Virginia.
Crocker Developing
Unexpected
Strength.
FOUR TRAINMEN
DIE IN WRECK
Depositors of Insolvent
Banking Concern Be
come Unruly.
Union League Club
Prepares for
Rally.
Threats and Accusations Are
Made and Trouble Is
Narrowly Averted.
Governor Pardee Is
Expected to
Speak,
NEW YORK, Oct. lS.-StocklxoIders of
the New York Building Loan Associa
tion, of which Charles M. Preston Is tem
porary receiver, stampeded the meeting
called at the offices of the company to
vote a stock assessment of 20 per cent.
Only 200 of the 500 present could get Into
the room where the meeting was held.
Those who got In made such an uproar
that one of the stockholders, a police
man, telephoned the West Thirtieth
street station for reserves.
When Lawyer James P. Eustace tried
to explain the purpose of the call, . tho
Protective League of Brooklyn, repre-*
senting 3000 stockohlders. took charge of.
the meeting and passed resolutions de
claring the call contempt of court, a vio
lation of the injunction of September 2,
charging gross mismanagement by the of
ficers and directors, demanding their
resignations and denouncing the State
banking authorities for "allowing an in
solvent banking concern' to continue to
do business for years."
Outside the building the street was al
most blocked with tho overflow, the fact
that some 4000 of the shareholders are
Italians being responsible for the
presense of hundreds of Italian
women, many with bank books In
one hand and babies on the other
arm. The large crowd, mostly poor peo
ple, clamored for admission to the build
ing, packed the stairways leading to the
third floor and condemned the conduct
of th« officers and directors. . .
BANDITS RULE TOWS FOR ROBBERY
When as many as possible had entered
the room J. P. Eustace, brother of Mark
Eustace, vice president of the company,
declared that the charge of insolvency
made against the company was false.
This remark was followed by threats
and accusations against the officials,
shouted from all parts of the room.
The ensuing disorder resulted in the call
for the police. \
Counsel for the Stockholders' Protective
League eald the company was in the
hands of a receiver and that the officers
had no legal right to call the meeting.
The announcement was greeted with cries
of "Turn the robbers out!" "Make the
officers pay the deficit !" "Send them to
Sing Sing!"
"Talk about Miller," shout**! one man.
"Why It was a 1-2-6 proposition compared
to this!"
Assistant District Attorney Minor an
nounced to-night that he had received a
letter from the referee, James J. Farren
of Albany, who reported that he found
the reports of the company to the bank-
Ing department not fully true.
. PARIS. Oct. 19.— The United States Em
bassy is conducting negotiations with the
French authorities for a readjustment of
the rules estimating the tonnage of ves
sels plying between France and America
for the purpose of securing uniformity on
both sides of the Atlantic.
Uniform Tonnage Rules Are Desired.
How often one wishes when reading
Grimm's - Tales tnat a household fairy
could be had; and one can be easily se
cured In the shape of a gas range from
S. F. Gas and Electric Co., 415 Post. •
The steel chest is so battered that it
cannot be opened and an expert was tele
phoned for from Portland. Business of
the bank was largely suspended to-day.
The loss In the way of damage to the
building and the wrecking of-the safe is
covered by Insurance. •••* -¦
All the shots had been placed about the
knob of the safe, but despite this the door
had not- been opened, although a steel
bar had been blown-, by the force of one
of the explosions through a door of the
same metal fully one and a half .Inches
thick. Fred Oliver, local telephone agent
and a director of the bank, states that the
piece. of steel went through the door »3
clean as if it had been a knife cutting
some softer substance, . . .
FORCE OF THE DYNAMITE.
The young men were frightened, as a
matter. of course, but two of them, ven
tured- to put their heads out of the win
dow, when they were promptly told by
the robber guard beneath to take their
heads in or they would, be shot off. No
time was lost in complying -with this re
quest, especially a3 a couple of revolver
shots accompanied the admonition. This
shooting aroused a Mr. Vincent, who llvf 3
near by. He made his way to the bank,
only to be met by the same senrt of warn
ing from the picket posted outside. He
had no arms and fcurried away. .
The safe Itself la of the most modern
pattern, equipped with a double time lock,
eo constructed that the use of explosives
was absolutely necessary to force an en
trance. Drillings were made near the
knob and dynamite was used. It appears
to have been at this point that the stu
dents were awakened.
at work for several hours before any one
was made aware of their presence. They
had entered the building from an outer
door, that opened Into the directors' room*.
From h«re they dug a hole through the
brick wall Into the vault, making an
aperture eighteen Inches In diameter.
When Inside the vault they had another
door of steel to remove before they could
get Into the compartment where the safe
proper was located. This was removed
by chiseling the hinges.
STUDENTS ABE SCARED.
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
THE Union League Club of San
Francisco is making extensive ar
rangements for a great Republi
can rally under the auspices of the
league at the Alhambra Theater
next Monday evening. Hon. Jacob H.
Neff, one of the most eminent Republi
cans of California, will preside and Intro
duce th« speakers. It is expected that
Hon. George C. Pardee, Governor of Cal
ifornia, will address the Republicans of
the city on this occasion. Henry J.
Crocker will talk to the audience in his
usual frank and manly style.
To-night there will be a grand rally of
Forty-second Assembly District Republi
cans at Saratoga Hall, 814 Geary street.
Henry J. Crocker will address the meet-
Ing, Jud C. Brusie, Harry Baehr, George
H. Bahrs, W. E. Lutz, General E. S. Salo
mon, Henry H. Lynch, I*. N. Jacobs,
Percy V. Long, George R. Well3 and oth
ers will speak. All the Republican clubs
of this prominent district have Joined
hands for Crocker, the entire Republican
ticket and a greater San Francisco.
WELLS' FRIENDS M KET.
A large number of the friends of George
R. Wells, candidate for Supervisor from
the Forty-second District, met at Repub
lican headquarters, 1049 Larkln street,
last evening and organized the Crocker-
Wells Club. W. J. Herrin was elected
president and Harry E. Pratt secretary.
The following committee was appointed
to arrange for an old-fashioned Repub
lican rally at Saratoga Hall Friday, Oc
tober 30: J. D. Hannah, D. R. Dunbar,
George R. McGawan, George R. Grier, P.
de la Montanya and J. P. Rice. Tho
members of the club will attend the rat
ification meeting ' at Saratoga Hall to
night. It is expected that the Forty-sec
ond District will roll up a rousing major
ity for Henry J. Crocker, George R. -Wells
and the whole Republican ticket.
At Republican headquarters the most
encouraging reports are received. Not the
slightest doubt of Crocker's election is
entertained. Old campaigners point out
the danger of overconfldence. Big meet
ings are not a sure indication of victory
at the polls.
A GOOD ILIiTJSTEATION.
The fact is recalled that one of the
largest and most enthusiastic political
demonstrations eveT held in California
took place the night before the guberna
torial election of 1898.- The meeting w*s
a Magulre rally. When the. Democrats
saw the multitude and listened to the
cheers for Maguire, they were sure that
the battle was won. -- They <¦: went down
town and bet money recklessly on Ma
guire's election. The next day San Fran
cisco gave nearly four thousand majority
for the Republican nominee. , .-...
Big meetings develop enthusiasm, but
organized efforts win victories. The Re
publicans are well organized in every dis
trict of the city. The Republican vote Is
fairly well registered. The harder the
fight between Lane and Schmitz, the
brighter are the prospects of a sweeping
triumph for the Republican cause. If
Schmitz and Lane break even on Novem
ber 3, Crocker's plurality will be about
ten thousand.
TATJNTS NEABLY CATJSE
A MTTBDEB, IN" FBESN0
Young Boxmaker Uses a Knife on a
Companion After a Card
\ Game.
FRESNO, Oct. 19.— Stung to madness at
the taunts of a companion who had best
ed him in a game of cards, Harry Treas
ure, a young boxmaker, yesterday after
noon whipped out a knife and slashed J.
Walters across the face, inflicting several
deep cuts. The men had played several
games, in which Treasure was each time
the loser, and when they arose from the
table "Walters remarked that his friend
did not know how to play the game.
"With an oath Treasure turned on him
with the open knife In hlj hand and
struck him_ across the fice with it. Be
fore Walters could defend himself Treas
ure struck him several times and was only
stopped from murdering the man by the
interference of bystanders. The cuts on
Walters' face were of such a serious na
ture that several stitches had to be taken
in them. Treasure was arrested for as
sault with a deadly weapon.
Linen Strikers Are Still Out.
ARMENTIERS, France, Oct. 19.— By an
overwhelming: majority the linen strikers
to-day voted by referendum to continue
the strike. In spite of the agreement of
the employers not to reduce wages for a
day of ten hours* work. Although no fur
ther serious outbreak has yet occurred,
the strike causes much apprehension, ow
ing to the menacing attitude of the
workers. . ~wV; >
"I went out there with a small work
ins capital and with a valuable experi
ence," he said, "which I had sained from
my first employer, who was the soul of
honesty and sharp as a steel trap. I
never gambled— that Is one of the secrets
of ruin.
REPUBLICAN STANDARD BEARER IS DEVELOPING STRENGTH
IN EVERY DISTRICT AND HIS ELECTION IS NOW ASSURED
POLICE RESERVES
ARE CALLED OUT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1903.
Franklin K. Lane addressed two large
meetings last night. The first was of the
voters of the Thirty-fourth Assembly
IJANE IS WELL BECEIVED.
Speaks to Voters at Harmony, and
Bolando Halls. .
To My Fellow-Unionists and Members of the
Union Labor Party — Fellow-Citizens: Matters
of the utmost Importance compel me to leave
tho -city at this time. I take this means of
impresing upon you the duty of every true
unionist, who has the welfare of the city and
his co-laborers at heart, the necessity of using
every means within your power to further the
success of the Union Labor party.
"With this object In view. I write these few
lines, hoping that In my absence the good
work bo ably begun will continue and will end
in the success of the entire Union Labor ticket.
Yours sincerely.,
"E. E. SCHMITZ, Mayor."
Immediately upon hearing of his intended
departure the committee called at his house
and found that Eugene E. Schmitz had, like
the Arab, "folded his tent and silently stolen
away." Not to be tricked In so outrageous a
manner, the committee hastened to the Oak
land boat. They had prepared and written the
following letter, determined that at least the
Mayor should sign It before he escaped. They
did not find the Mayor until after he was on
the way to Oakland. They then presented him
with the letter and demanded that he should
sign it. which he did, with a very bad grace.
It read as follows: • . . >
"SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 16, 1002.
Then upon the platform and In the presence
of the assembled delegates Eugene E. Bchmitz
pledged himself to stand by the party's prin
ciples and to aid it In the approaching cam
paign — Instead of which he later deserted the
party, going East, apparently to do Demo
cratic politics, but in reality because Abe
Ruef feared that the Union Labor party would
be successful, and desired to discredit it.
A very few hours prior to his departure to
the East the campaign committee of the Union
Labor party learned by chance that . Eugene
E. Schmitz intended to abandon the party to
its fate. It was given out by his friends that
his going was imperative, inasmuch as Presi
dent Roosevelt required his attendance as me
diator to aid in settling the coal strike in
Pennsylvania, which, it is needleM to say,
was without the shadow of truth.
A deputation from that club called upon
Eugene E. Schmitz and asked him whether or
not he wished to see the Union Labor party
continue in existence, to which he replied,
evasively, "I do, if there is mich a party."
In. May. 1002. it had become necessary for
the earnest leaders of the Union" Labor party
to take definite action in order to perpetuate
the party. They had organized the Union La
bor Party Central Club to that end. The club
Invited the different unions in the city to send
delegates In proportion to their numerical
strength, with a view to placing their names
on the tickets in their respective districts at
the primary election.
To every meeting of the club Eugene E.
Pchmltz had been Invited, but he had treated
such Invitations with disdain, and It was not
until the Union Labor Party Central Club
had elected its delegates at the primary elec
tion In the year 1902, regardless of the oppo
sition ticket placed in tho field by Schmitx,
Parry and Ruef, that Eugene E. Schmitz, re
alizing his mistake, begged to be Invited to
attend the convention, that he might appear
to be the Union Labor leader atlll. . i>.:
And we say to the Union Labor men of this
city that Eugene E. Schmitz is not entitled to
the support of the Union Labor party for the
reason that he has always considered it merely
an adjunct to the Republican party and cre
ated for his purposes only; and to substantiate
this we say that during the campaign of 1902
Eugene E. Schmitz and Abraham Ruef be
lieved that the Union Labor party should be
retired from politics, at least until such time
as they should require Its assistance, and a
determined effort was made by Eugene E.
Schmitz and Abraham Ruef to prevent the
Union Labor party from placing a ticket in
the field durlne the campaign of 1002. Hav
ing control of the old governing committee of
the Union Labor party, their efforts in that
behalf would have been successful but for the
organization of the' Union Labor Party Cen
tral Club.
We charge you, Eugene K. Schmitz, with
having oppoped the Union Labor party Cen
tral Club, since its very Inception, because
your master, Abe Ruef, feared itls stanch ad
herence to Union Labor party principles, and
was unable to control it..
The Union Labor Central Club is firing
hot shot into the camp of Schmitz and
Ruef. Here is a sample of the club's
bombardment:
Declaration That Schmitz Is Not
Entitled to Support.
UNION LABOB, CLTJB.
I defy Cooney or any one else to say any
thing detrimental to my honesty and truth
fulness.
bershlp in the union, stating that he was a
suspended member of No. 151. whereupon No.
283 appointed a committee ta visit No. 151 and
investigate the matter, and it guve No. 283 the
information that there was - nothing against
Mr. Collins on the books and that Collins had
a perfect right to membership In No. 283.
Mr. Cooney knowing: that, with others, had
a circular printed the day before election,
statin* that Collins was a suspended member
from No. 131 and Joined No. 283 because it
was cheaper, which is against the constitution
of the I. B. E. "W.
2
NOTROUBLEWITHPEOPLEWHOBUYTHE
HEINE
11 M m A JL .n ¦*
7000 satisfied customers the best advertisement; strictly high grade and sold
direct from factory to purchaser. This enables you to procure a first-class
piano at a reasonable price. We carry 14 different makes, the famous old
Gabler, Krell, Steger. Singer, etc. Any piano purchased from us taken in ex-
change any time within five years and full purchase price allowed on a Peerless
Heine or any of our cjther makes.
Some bargains, all uprights:
Collard, $45; Weber, $76^ Sherman & Hyde, $90; Kimball, $115; Smith &
Barnes, $150; Miller, $178; Emerson, $165; Mansfield & Notni, $125; two Stein-
way, $145, $265; two. Chickering, $85, $175; two Heine, slightly used, $325, $365,
and 25 others. "
INSTALLMENTS, $4 uo : BENTS, $12 up, allowed on purchase- HEIN E
PIANO CO., 235-237 Geary St. Oakland branch, Fifteenth and Broadway,
old P. O. Bldg. Largest exclusive wholesale and retail dealers of the West.
ADVERTISEMENTS.Mistake Mads in Identifying a Body.
PACIFIC JUNCTION, Iowa, Oct 19 —
B. F. Haroff has arrived here to disprove
his death. Several months ago a man
supposed to be Haroff arrived in Pacific
Junction in the last stages of consump
tion, died and was burled by the local
lodge of Odd Fellows. The dead man
bore a card in the Buffalo, Wyo.,* lodge
Now the real Haroff, who arrived from
Wyoming in Omaha recently, has ap
peared and says that the man who died
was some one else.
Belladleu was an actor who became in
sane four years ago and has since been
cared for by friends in Seattle. He has
never been in an asylum. He was in
charge of H. Welsh of Seattle, who ac
knowledges that he fell asleep for a few
minutes near Baird Spur, where Bella
dleu escaped. A. F. Mason, a second in
sane man of whom Welsh had charge,
made no effort to escape.
REDDING, Oct. 19.— J. J. Belladleu, an
insane man being taken from Seattle to
the home of his brother in San' Francisco,
escaped from the California express this
morning somewhere in the vicinity of
Baird Spur in this county and has not
yet been captured.
Former Actor, on Way to San Fran
cisco, Leaves Train in Shasta
:.; County. :^v
INSANE MAN ESCAPES
WHILE GUARDIAN SLEEPS
Confesses to Complicity in Lynching.
CODY. Wyo.. Oct. 19^-W. H. Smith In
custody at Basin, Wyo., has confessed to
complicity In mobbing the jail at Basin
last July, when Gorman and Walters, two
murderers, were shot by a mob' and
Deputy Sheriff Price was killed and
Deputy Mcade was wounded. Smith gives
the naimsof thirty-five other men In the
mob. The Grand Jury called by the Gov
ernor of Wyoming will meet at Basin It
is feared an attempt will be made to kill
Smith.
NEW YORK, Oct. 19.— Rev. John P.
Peters of St. Michael's Protestant Epis
copal Church has announced that the de
falcation of church funds by Henry T.
Edson, treasurer of the parish, wh/>
killed Mrs. Fannie Pullen and committed
suicide several months ago, amounted to
$50,000. Of this amount $10,000, the rector
said, had been returned to the church by
the wife of Edson in making over to the
cl'-ifh two lifo insurance policies. A
part of the remainder will fall upon a
tank through its liability in connection
with the forgeries.
Bank Must Pay Ed son's Shortage.
Among the Casa de Piedra students
who fought fire and were overcome were
Theodore Paimter of Redlanda and Brad
ford Avorill of San Rafael. Avorill faint
ed while lighting flre and It was necessary
to carry him to the school on a stretcher.
He is still In bed. Thatcher considers him
self lucky that the Casa de Piedra School
was not burned. The wind changed be-,
fore the flames reached the buildings. The
fire also reached within twenty feet of
the Fordyce residence.
A railroad traveling passenger agent
met with a peculiar experience at the
flre on Saturday afternoon. He attempt
ed to reach the Thatcher school and
drove along the mountain road without
fear of the flames. Unknown to him his
buggy caught lire. He turned into an
orange grove and put out the blaze, but
before he succeeded in doing so he lost
the seat of his pantaloons by flre.
The heat In the Ojai Valley and in the
Piru section has been intense for the past
three days owing to the mountain fires..
At Buckhorn to-day the thermometer reg
istered 110. The only insurance reported
Is that of W. J. Davies. whose loss ex
ceeds $5000, with insurance of less than
$1000.
VENTURA. Oct. 19.— The Government
forest rangers on Pine Mountain reserva
tion believe that they have the fire on
Topa Topa and Sespe ridges under con
trol. However, the flre on the Siml rlcige,
in the eastern part of the county, is hav
ing everything its own way and doing
great damage.
The bee men are the heaviest losers.
Over 2000 stands of bees have been de
stroyed. M. H. Mendelson of Piru was in
town to-night and reported that Orcutt
& Co. had lost 400 stands and Pressey
over 300 stands of bees. Then there are
many smaller apiaries destroyed. Tele
phone advices from Nordhoff say that A.
B. Zlnn lost everything he had, including
his house, apiary and outhouses. The
Kansas Company's olive orchard of forty
acres is ruined, the Robinson packing
house destroyed.
The Grldley house, barn, apiary end
orange grove were saved by the heroic
work of young Truman Gridley. Grldley
was the only person at home and he was
sick in bed. He arose and fought flames
from the house until assistance arrived
three hours later.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
The weather was ideal throughout and
the exercises were considered by the um
pires to be a great success.
The second exercise was exactly similar,
the" rear guard being commanded by Col
onel Jacob Kline of the Twenty-first In
fantry, and the pursuers by Lieutenant
Colonel Steever of the adjutant general's
staff.
FORT RILEY. Kans..,Oct..l9.— The war
maneuvers of to-day comprised two dis
tinct affairs. In the first Colonel Duncan
of the Sixth Infantry, with a battery of
artillery and two troops of cavalry, com
posing a "Blue" force, crossed the Re
publican River and Invaded territory be
longing to the "Browns." A force of the
Browns under the command of Lieuten
ant Colonel KJngsbury. Eighth Cavalry,
attacked the Blues as soon as Colonel
Duncan turned' back, his force becoming
the rear guard of an Imaginary army that
had gone before. Colonel Duncan, however,
kept steadily on his way and although
his "losses'" were considerable because of
the preponderating fire the Browns
brought against him. managed to reach
his camp without being cut off. He
fought vigorously and damaged the
Browns badly.
Two Dfstinct Affairs Are Successfully
«-: Carried Out at Fort Riley
Reservation.
WAB MANEUVERS PI/EASE
THE MILITARY irMPIBES
Valuable Apiaries De
stroyed in the Ojai
Valley.
Five lower river steamers are laboring
up stream toward this city. All the North
ern Commercial Company's steamers got
past Eagle and are now Involved in the
ice. The steamer Susie of that line was
the first to succumb, having been disabled
twelve mlle9 below this city to-day.
The steamer Kerr, -laden with 500* tons
of refrigerated meats from Tacoma for
the Pacific Cold Storage Company, has
not yet reached Eagle. Early in the
month it became apparent that she could
not get through without assistance on ac
count of the low water in the- lower river
and the steamer Lightning was dis
patched to her relief. The Lightning Is
now supposed to be with her, and to
gether they may pull through. More
than 2000 tons of freight remained In the
blockade at White Horse when the last
steamer started down the river.
Five White Pass and two Independent
steamers are scattered along the river be
tween White Horse and Dawson bound
this way. They are Carrying 200 tons of
cargo each. The number of passengers is
not known here.
DAWSON, Oct. 19.— Sixteen river steam
ers are battling against the floating ice
in the Yukon, In serious danger of being
caught in such positions that they will be
crushed next spring. Unless the river
clears itself of ice for a few days none
of. those boats will be able. to reach Its
destination. Running ice fills the river
from bank to bank all the way from La
Barge to Eagle on the American side.
The condition is unprecedented^© early
In the year. Three of the steamers, owned
by the White Pass and Yukon Line, are
on their way up the Yukon from Damon
with 150 passengers each. They may not
be able to proceed more than a third or
a half of the distance. They have al
ready been two days making fifty miles
against the running ice.
If these boats fail to get through their
passengers will have to walk hundreds of
miles. Many are not warmly clad and
extreme suffering would result from such
exposure. The mails and several hun
dred thousands of dollars In gold ship
ments are aboard these steamers.
Hundreds of Thousands of Dollars
and tne. 'Mails Delayed Because of
Obstructions in the Water
way to Dawsron
Declares He Was Injured With
Club and Razor While
Asleep.
Boy With Two Fractures of the Skull
DENVER. Oct. 19. — Colonel Roswell
Eaton Goodell died at his home in Den
ver this afternoon of Brlght's disease.
With the exception of one daughter. Mrs.
A. A. Blow, who is in Australia, all the
members of his family were at his bed
side.
Colonel Goodell was born f at Pomfret.
Conn., in 1827, and when a boy accom
panied his parents to Illinois. At the age
of 15 he was Postmaster at Ottawa, III.
While employed as secretary of the
Board of Commissioners to Investigate a
claim of the Illinois and Michigan Canal
Company against the State, he met Abra
ham Lincoln, who was also on the board.
Although Goodell was a Democrat, Lin
coln asked him to run for Secretary of
State on the Republican ticRet. He did
so. and was elected. While occupying
that office he was married. Later he
became cashier of the Merchants' and
Drovers' Bank of Jollet, and from there
went to Chicago as a director of the
Fourth National .Bank. He was also
treasurer of the Chicago and Alton Rail
road, and the Pullman cars were first
used through his efforts. He enlisted and
served through the entire Mexican War,
and at the time of the breaking out of the
Civil War organized the Twentieth Illi
nois Infantry. It was through that war
that he received his title as colonel, al
though he did not enter the service ow
ing to financial reverses, which made It
impossible. In 1878 Colonel Goodell came
to Leadvllle. where he hoped to retrieve
his fortune, which had been swept away
by fire. He lived in Leadvllle for twelve
years, and during that time was engaged
In mining and Investing capital for East
ern people.
Colonel Goodell has been one of the
most prominent men In business and
political circles in this State. He leaves
a wife, four daughters and a son. One
of his daughters Is the wife of Former
Governor James B. Grant; another. Mrs.
James D. Whltmore. is president of the
Denver Women's Club.
BredaJ Dispatch to Th« Call
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 19.— J. L. Bar
rett, a physical giant, aged 45 years, a
corustructcr In the employ of the city
vater department. Is In Jail, charged with
assault to murder his nftesn-year-old
eon, Ernest, an apprentice for the past
three months on the training ship Pen
tacola.
The boy is in a dying condition, with
two fractures on the top cf the skull and
a. three-inch slash across his throat that
Jtxst crazed the jugular vein. The boy is
attended by his mother, who was di
vorced from the accused man ten years
ago. She is housekeeper for a local hotel.
The boy came here two weeks ago and
¦went to stay with his mother. The father
had se-curfd Ernest's discharg-e from the
navy by proving that the mother had not
bien appointed his legal guardian, though
Civen custody of him at tne time of the
divorce. Th* mother immediately brought
suit for the guardianship and this action
tv as to have been heard In the Superior
Court to-morrow morning. Mother and
6on expected he would return to his ship
within a few days.
For the past week the boy has been
much in the company of the father, the
two taklr.g many outings together. Mon
day right Barr.elt for the first time took
the boy to eleep with him. At S o'clock
yesterday morning the two reappeared at
the mother's room i:i the hotel. The boy
had walked flve blocks from ill? father's
lodgings with the terrible wounds. He
was so weak the father had to half carry
him along and his sailor suit was
drenched with blood.
The father said that during the night
a burglar had entered th* roora\ first
wounded the boy and then dealt him a
blow that knocked him senseless. Bar
nett paid when he regained conscious
ness, which was at 6 a. m.. he was in
the act of washing the blood from his
f n's face.
On belr.e removed to the California
Hospital, away from the father, the bey
promptly declare that tils father had at
tempted to murder lv!m as he slept. The
boy eaid he v.as wakened by a bruising
blow on the head from his fath*r'a fist
and then the latter attacked him with
a razor and a club.
The phys'.ciar.s think the boy has email
chance to live. The mother and boy alike
ere wholly urable to account for the al
leced crime, as the relations were peace
ful and the father and son had been
happy together. Barnett gives no signs
of Insanity, being cool and composed.
BANK CASHIER CONFESSES
THAT HE IS AN EMBEZZLER
Steals Sixty-Nine Thousand Dollars
and Loses the Money in Grain
Speculation.
PRINCETON. Wls.. Oct. 19.-J. E.
Liemer, cashier of the Princeton State
Bank, was arrested to-day and taken to
Dartford by Sheriff Ogilvie, where he Is
now in Jail. State Bank Examiner Mar
cus G. Bergh last night stated that Lle
mer had confessed that his forgeries
amount to $69,000.
The Princeton State Bank is closed and
the Montello State Bank, of which
Liemer Is vice president, has been or
dered by the State officials not to open
its doors for business.
Speculation in grain. Liemer says, was
the cause cf his downfall. Liemer came
here as cashier of the Princeton bank
eight years ago and the examiners be
liev© that the forgeries have covered a
period of six years.
It is said by persons who are familiar
with the affairs of the Princeton Bank
that the depositors probably will be paid
off In full with money now on hand.
titate Senator E. D. Morse Is president
of the Princeton Bank.
Murderer Escapes the Scaffold.
HONOLULU*. Oct. S. — Governor Dole
has commuted the sentence of George E.
Ferrtca. who was peiuem-«»d to be hanged
for the murdtr of John Watson, to
tveoty years' hard labor. Ferris was
formerly a resident of Watsonville, Cal.
}'if stabbed his victim 10 death during
p orunken quarrel.
SHCBOYGAN. Kich.. Oct. 13.— The CItr
Ha'.l ri Bbeboysas. one of the finesit municipal
injildir.K* in I'pper Michi?an. i»aj destroyed
Vy lirr tr-d.-.y.
BODY OF MISSING WOMAN
FOUND IN A LONDON PARK
Remains of Miss Hickman, Who
Mysteriously Disappeared, Dis
covered in Secluded Spot.
LONDON, Oct. 19.— The disappearance
of a woman doctor. Miss Hickman, which
has been a sensation here for the last two
months has been partially cleared up by
the finding of her body in an unfre
quented cart of Richmond Park.
Miss Hickman, who was a fully quali
fied doctor of .medicine, performed her
duties at the Royal Free Hospital on the
afternoon of August 15. before she left
the hospital. Since that time the police
of the whole country have unavailing!}'
searched for her. She was 29 years of
age and took nothing with her except a
few pounds sterling cash. The reason of
Miss Hickman's disappearance Is a com
plete mystery. Owing to decomposition
the remains were only identified by means
of a medal which Miss Hickman won in
a swimming competition and by her •amffu
lance cross. »
CORONER'S JURY FINDS
DEATH WAS ACCIDENTAL
Does Not Believe That City Council
man Morton of St. Louis Inten
tionally Killed Himself.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 19.— The remains of
Isaac W. Morton, member of the City
Council, prominent clubman and director
of the World's Fair and numerous large
corporations, whose death occurred yes
terday In St. Charles County, were re
ceived at his home here to-day. Death
was caused by a pistol shot in the head.
The Coroner's Jury, which viewed the
body before shipping It to St. Louis, ren
dered a verdict of death by accident.
Manager Beachman of the Cuyvere
Club, who was first to see the body after
the fatal shot was fired, said it lay on
the bed. with a revolver having one
empty ehell. near the extended hand. He
did not know the circumstances of the
shooting.
Butcher Wins a Championship.
DENVER, Colo.. Oct. 19.-By dressing a
1200-pound steer in three minutes and
thirty-eight seconds. Jacob Basr. em
ployed in a local packing plant, has re
duced the world's record by twenty sec
onds, and won the Western championship.
The feat was accomplished at a contest
held at Broadway Park in this city
Battleship Maine Makes Quick Run.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 19.-The Navy De
partment to-d»y received a cablegram
from Captain Lawtree, commanding the
battleship Maine, dated San Juan, report-
Ing that the Maine made the run from
Cunituck. off the Virginia coast, to Cape
San Juan light In 79 hours, an average
Fpeed of IS knots. The- cablegram added
that the speed for sixty consecutive hours
was 16.7 knots.
Death of a Former Governor.
WINCHESTER. Tenn., Oct. 19.-For
mer Governor Peter Turney, who has been
111 for some time, died this afternoon.
ROME. Oct. 18. — The nomination of MgT.
Merry del Val as papal ' secretary of stale la
officially confirmed.
Naval Apprentice Accuses
Parent of Attempt at
Murder.
Passengers May Be Exposed
to Severities of Arctic
Winter.
STANDS OF BEES
FUEL FOR FLAME
Verkamp is cashier of Babbitt Bros.'
large mercantile house, and much anx
iety is felt lest some serious accident has
befallen the missing couple. .
Word reached here to-night that the
missing couple had turned up at a ranch
to-day eighteen miles northwest of Flag
staff on the opposite side of the San
Francisco peaks from their starting point
and about fifty miles out of their way.
Losing the road, they evidently became
confused and followed the mountains to
the right Instead of to the left
They spent the entire night traveling
and were nearly exhausted from expo
sure and thirst. It is feared the expe
rience will yet result seriously with Miss
Brown, who has recently recovered from
a sick Bpell. The main party of search
ers are still on the northeast side of the
mountain, unaware that the missing
couple have been found, and It will be a
late hour to-night before a messenger
can reach them.
Those In the rig went home, thinking
the couple on horseback were in advance.
A searching party was out all night, but
failed to locate the missing ones, and re
turned at 10 o'clock this morning for re
inforcements and several large posses
were at once Btarted to the vlclnltv.
A party was made up for a trip to
Sunset Crater In honor of Miss Brown,
who is visiting her brother, head book
keeper for the Arizona Lumber and Tim
ber Company of this place. They reached
their destination safely and after some
time spent in exploring the crater started
to return. Verkamp and Miss Brown were
on horseback in advance of the remain
der of the party, who were driving. This
was the last seen of the couple.
FLAGSTAFF, . Ariz., Oct. 19.— Two well
known young people, Leo Verkamp of
Flagstaff and Miss Mabel Brown of Chi
cago, became separated from their party
at Sunset Crater in the lava beds, twenty
miles northeast of Flagstaff, yesterday
afternoon and were not - found until
to-day.*
Amasses a Comfortable For
tune but It Is Swept Away
by Fire.
Los Angeles City Em
ploye Arrested on
Grave Charge.
Searching Parties Leave Flag
staff and Find the
. Couple.
Desperate Outlook for
the Vessels in the
' Yukon. ; v K:
DYING SON
FIXES CRIME
ON FATHER
Colonel R E. Goodell
Dies at His Home in
Denver.
Chicago Woman and
an Arizona Cashier
Alarm Friends.
RUNNING ICE
BEARS PERIL
TO STEAMERS
COLORADO LOSES
A NOTED CITIZEN
LOSE THEIR WAY
IN LAVA WILDS
CODY. Wyo., Oct. 13.— Two masked men
entered the saloon of Nick Noble and held
up. those present. A man whose name
could not be learned resisted when
searched and was killed by a bio A on
the head . from a rifle. The bandits
cleaned out the place, securing $125 in
money and fled.
Masked Bobbers Commit Murder.
FERROL. Spain. Oct. 19.— The British
battleship Prince George, which was tow
ed here after having been in collision with
the British battleship .Hannibal during
the naval maneuvers off Cape Flnis
terre. was found to have been so exten
sively damaged by the Hannibal that she
was landed for temporary repairs, prep
aratory to being towed back to England,
where, she will be placed tn drydock. The
Prince George took In Immense quantities
of water,' necessitating incessant pump
ing.
Battleship Is Badly Eamaged.
LONDON. Oct. 19. — The Recorder. • in
charging the Grand Jury at the Old Bail
ey to-day, advised finding a true bill
against Whitaker Wright, the company
promoter who' was extradited from New
York July 20 on charges growing out of
the failure of the London and Globe
Finance Corporation. Limited.
Commenting on the noble directorate,
including the late Marquis of Dufferin,
etc., associated with Wright, the Record
er said he hpped the facts which had been
disclosed would serve as a "solemn warn
ing . to persons of high position against
lending their names to commercial enter^
prises of which they had no practical
knowledge, and In which they became the
prey of wicked men. who. by means of
their names, victimized the public."
Recorder of London Delivers Strong
Charge to Grand Jury Against
Well-Known Promoter.
ADVISES INDICTMENT
OF WHITAKEH WRIGHT
REDDING. Oct. 19.— James Coddlngton
of Likely, Modoc County, had been In
dulging in llauor and when the supply
gave out last Friday evening he obtained
a bottle of bayrum and drank it. He lived
only a few hours.
Drinks Bayrum and Dies.
Later he came to California and en
listed under General Fremont. He par
ticipated in all the Mexican War battles.
In the early fifties ha was Sheriff of Santa
Clara County, and was owner of an ex
tensive ranch in that county. •
For twenty years be had resided In this
city. He leaves two sisters, Mrs. M. A.
Shelby of Santa Cruz and Mrs. D. L.
Adams of Los Angeles.
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. 19.— Tha funeral of
Winston Bennett, who at the time of his
death was tha oldest pioneer In Califor
nia, was held this afternoon under the
auspices of the Santa Cruz County Pio
neers. He was SO years "of age and a
native of Georgia. Ha left Arkansas with
the first Eastern emigrant party and after
eight months' travel across the plains ar
rived in October 1S42, in Oregon.
Special Dispatch to Tb* CaJl.
Bell was arrested while he was ill in
a hospital at Denver. He confessed to
having stolen a mall pouch containing
about 1300 checks from an express train
of the Pennsylvania Railroad at German
town Junction, this city.- on the night of
September 8. He was held tn $10,000 ball
for his appearance in the United States
District Court hera. In custody of Depu
ties Davis and Baker, the prisoner left
Denver for this city Friday afternoon.
As he was still suffering from the effects
of the illness which took him to the Den
ver hospital, the officers did not deem it
necessary to shackle him. He was ac
companied as far as Pacific Junction by
Mrs. Sharp, who was arrested with him.
but later discharged. The trip to Phila
delphia was uneventful until this city was
reached. Deluded by the tractabllity of
the prisoner, the deputies failed to guard
him carefuljy and his escape was ren
dered easy.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 19.— Albert B,
Bell, the mail pouch thief and forger, who
was brought to this city from Denver by
Eteputy United States Marshals D. H.
Baker and Alva Davis, to-day eluded his
guards and Is now at liberty. When the
train reached the Pennsylvania Railroad
station Davis and Bell went to the toilet
apartment of the Pullman car, and while
the deputy marshal was washing his face
the prisoner walked to the platform of
the car, mingled with the crowd of pas
sengers'and disappeared. For nearly three
hours' after the swindler had made his
escape Davis and Baker wandered about
in search of him. Finally- they notified
the local police authorities. Government
and city detectives are now endeavoring
to locate Bell, but he has the advantage
of a long start and the officers axe with
out a clew.
VANCOUVER, B. C. Oct. 13.-Quons
Yuen, an aged and decrepit Chinese, with
two fellow countrymen, tha latter fairly
wealthy men, were arrested two months
ago for the murder of a fourth Chinese.
Quong was really held as a material wit
ness aealnst tha other two. Now tha
police are sure he has entered into an
agreement to hang in. their stead, in or
der that his widow and family In China
may be well provided for when ho dies.
Quarts at first said that he knew noth
ing about the murder at all. He declared
that he was not even in the neighborhood.
The police believed this story, but con
sidered it necessary to hold him as a wit
ness, s
To-day Quong-, who Is fast nearinx the
end of his life, sent for the police offi
cials and said that he had killed the man
and was willing to hang for it The man
who was murdered was strong and large
and tha officials consider it an impossi
bility that Quong should have actually
killed him with a knife and dragged him
200 yards. Quong declared, however, he
did the deed and expressed great anxiety
to see the other two men cleared.
Similar cases are on record among the
Chinese.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
Aged Chinese in Jail
ADxious to Sacrifice
Himself.
Winston Bennett, Who
Served With Fremont,
Laid to Rest
Mail Thief Bell Gives
Deputy Marshals
the Slip.
AGREES TO DIE
TO SAVE OTHERS
PRISONER WALKS
FROM THE TRAIN
PIONEERS BURY
NOTED VETERAN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1903.
Alderman Is Arraigned for Bribery.
MINNEAPOLIS. Oct. 19.— Alderman
John Sibley was arraigned to-day in tfie
District Court on the charge of bribery.
He is the third member, of the Council
of 1501 to be thus arraigned. He gave
$3500 bonds and will demur to the In
dictment.
BERLIN. Oct. 19.— Eight convicts, who
were, in the Insane ward of 'the Central
Prison at HaJle. Prussia, overpowered two
guards on # Saturday night, smothered one
of them to death and badly wounded the
other, took their keys and weapons and
escaped to a neighboring forest. The
fugitives' were eventually overtaken by
pursuers and after, they had shot one
guard they were captured in a near by
hut, where they had sought refuge.
Insane Convicts Kill Their Guards.
Cardinal Gibbons to Attend Funeral
BALTIMORE. Oct. 19.— Cardinal Gib
bons, accompanied by Revs. "William A
Fletcher, Jam*>s F. Donohue and his sec
retary. Rev. P. C. Gavan. left Baltimore
this afternoon In the private car of Presi
dent Loree over the Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad for Str Louis to attend the
funeral of Archbishop Kaln. While in St.
Louis he will be the guest of Archbishop
Glennon.
3
Backed sp by over a third of a centcry
«>f remarkable cad nsifona cnre«, ¦ record
cuch ai no other remedy for the diseases
*nd weaknesses peculiar to women ever
attained, the proprietors of Dr. Piercs's
Favorite Prescription now feel fully war-
ranted in offering to pay $300 in legrl
money of the United States, for any cas*
cf Lencorrnea, Female Weakness, Prolap-
•as, or Fallinff of Womb which they can-
cot cure. All they ask is a fair and reason-
able trial of their means of cere.
«I Bsed fow bottles cf your ' Favorite Pre-
scription" and one of 'Golden Medical Discov-
ery *• writes Mrs. Elmer D. 6hearer, of Mcnnt-
hope, Lancaster Co.. Pa., "and can say that I am
cured of that dreaded «iisease, uterine trouble.
Atn la better health than ever beiore. Every-
cae who knows me is eurpriscd to see tne look
eo well. Xa Jcne I wes so poor ia health that
et times I could not walk. To-dsy I am currd.
J tell everybody that Dr. Pierce's medicines
cure3 mt"
Fkxe. Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Med-
ical Adviser is sent free on receipt of stamps
to pay expense cf mailing: only. Send 31
oae-cent etanps for the cloth-bonnd volume.
A<ldre*s World's Dispensary Medical Asso-
cirtior.. Proprietors. Buffalo, N. Y.
DR. pftECE'S REMEDIES.
eQeootccesedooooooeeoooooooooooooooeooeooeooo
I MEN, COME TO ME! :
S ' My i
2 s—^ • If you don't feel right. I can
• a~*~~ *^. t# x cure you with my Electric •
• ¦•7_l*--CVv c* \ Belt. If you are weak. I can 9
• />-C^4 *4| '*S^ \ make- you strong;. If you ara O
• ll&Krt'X T" -'AT full of rheumatic pains. I can %
A lM££P& \ \ \ knock them out. I can pour q
m EtfEfflft*' "^V IV \ oil Into your joints and limber A
Tj XSSK^j W \ them up. I have often said "r
• TrvTv X I * \ that pain and electricity can't J»
• ¦ n\>\ JT ll\ Hvo In the same house, and I •
£ a4££§ y\\ %=?*— — v* — S V \ p rove u * v "y day - ®
• BSmTm S^ X L \ I Mr. Geo. M. Curtis. Livingston. ©
• \ iSSHi&^mm *— s£f Cal.. writes: I suffered with Q
A BBBy* ¦^•v -^.f **¦ chronic lams back for years. I q
2 Bp3«r •' \ v *— — •^52==— -Z^ am P leasecJ l .° say that aftcr A
9 Iee? A v v "/ .^jfl(3gwe*§r we " ** * « vf r was. O
0 Wffl yk % / If >t w*rt not for tbe Q
A /W Am. ill -y 'I crf»t number of fake*
O 8 bailnrH that -rronld come O
© 1&. tHw8^BK8 *fei^.feHBl'-JB8iB!y fraud «nd the "Free g}
A "Jggjafc. " " t free at all. have made **
• tBBIS^^v "*- V^j\nrmkn!^^n^UW Iknow that I hare a*KOori ©
O * I thine, and I'll hammer g)
0 »^^^Hm««»* avray until yoa know It. jy
O One thing every man ought to know Is this: Tour body Is a machine. It q
A Is run by the steam In your blood and nerves. When you begin to break a
2 down In any way you are out of steam. That's Just what I want to give you JT
5 Uack. q
«£ Mr. John O'Drien. 1453 Fifth rt.. Oakland. Cal.. writes: I «ufTere<I Intensify m
2 from very severe lumbago. Piaster* and medicines afforded no relief. After using •»
w your Belt for nine day* my pains were (one and I have been free from suffering O
A ever since. A
A I have n care In every town. Tell me where yoa live «lh«I I Q
a tfIII srlve yoa the name, of m. van a I've eared. q
a Tell me your trouble and I will tell you honestly whether lean cure yoa ~
5? or not. If I can't cure you. I don't want your money. I have been In this JJT
5? business twenty-two years, and am the biggest man In It to-day by long odds. ~r
2 and I am growiflfc yet, because I give every man all he pays for. **
• Now wouldn't you rather wear my life-giving appliance while you sleep •
9 every night, and feel Its glowing warmth pouring into you, and feel yourself O
A taking on a new lease of life with each application, than to clog your Intes- A
A tines up with a lot of nauseous drugs? Surely! Try me. A
A Mr. James Cuyler. Reno. Nev.. wrlt«3: I have used your electric Belt and can e\
X truthfully say that It has cured me ofwh.it was suppesed to be a hopeless cas« of X
Jj lame back. 1 am now in perfect health and the credit is all due to your treatment.
2 If you W 'H come and see me I'll explain to you. If you can't call, let me ~J
O send my book, full of the things a man finds Inspiring to strength and cour- 5
0 age. Free If you send this ad. O
a r^v nil r* n/s I ¦ «• 906 Market St., £
I Dr. M. C. McLaughlin, to «sgv S
® Office Hours — S a. m.to S p. m. Sundays. 10 to 1. ®
Senator Chauncey I Deuei Writes of •'! atranonial Problems" for Mt Monday's Call
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
coffee f.-verir. g extract! »od»
but can't; he has no such
backing in -anything else.
Your grocer would like to
cfe.il in everything else as in
Schillings Best
te» btir.r.j powder tp»ca
~ - — «...-...<.^.»~».. < ~.». ~ ... ~~ . .~ — . — ~~~~~>-~..^~>-.~..~>~>~» «.,,....«. „ t . .. . -I, -„
iW^M?^ ****? To sweeten, Dispels colds and I
lilflfiiv. --Jill To cleanse the I bilious or con- 1
fr^^^^^\ system, J stipated; J
$ 1811111 \ Effectually I For men, women I
I j^^^Bl^ } <"*<* Gently ; % and children; I
H There is only \ Acts best on j
§M jfliiiiib one Genuine M the kidneys . g
g|^jf||F Syrup, of Figs; I and liver I
! :^^^M| to get its bene- J stomach and j
ficial effects bowels; I
f§@jjM££0£$® Always buy the genuine— Manufactured by the I
W^to^vine, Kyii „ Swv FHndsco,CaL flewrtferk^ I
f:|^ The genuine Syrop of Fig? is fof sale by. all first-das dtcgrg^sts. The /
jM? full name of the company. — California Fig Syrup Co. — Is always 8
y , printed on the front of every package* Price Fifty Cents per bottleTWO CHILDREN OF M. BOCK WHO
WERE INJURED BY BEING
THROWN FROM A BUGGY.
A fool and his automobile are soon ar
rested.
OAKLAND. Oct. 13.— After betas exam
ined for her sanity, Mrs. Martha Oatman
was set at liberty to-day, it being fiedd
ed that while she Is laboring under a de
lusion she is not a subject for the asy
lum. She believes that her husband, who
is now in the asylum, was railroaded
there by enemies. A. R. Emery of 531
Eighteenth street was arrested last night
and placed In the insane ward of the Re
ceiving Hospital on the complaint of his
eon Charley, who states that hla father
tried to kill him.
Mrs. Oatxnan Set Free.
OAKLAND, Oct. 19.— At a small in
formal reception given this evening at
the . residence of Mrs. M. Hamana on
Fourteenth street the recent marriage of
her daughter. Mrs. Bessie Ongerth. to
Vincent- J. Donovan was announced. The
happy pair have been keeping their mar
riage a. secret since October 1, on 'which
date they took a trip- to San Rafael and
were quietly married by Rev. father Phil
lips. The bride's mother and sister. Miss
May Hamann. were in the secret and
assisted at the ceremony, the groom being
attended by Mr. • McAullff » of San Fran
cisco. -
The bride, who is very blonde. wor« a
very pretty. costume of white silk, with a
large, white hat. •
' The groom is a business man of San
Francisco and is a son of the late M. J.
Donovan, a former State Senator.
! Mr. and - Mrs. Donovan will rtatdm la
San Francisco.
Two Young People Who Want to
Avoid Notoriety Are' Wedded
in San Rafael.
SECRET OF A MARRIAGE
¦- GIVEN TO" THE PUBLIC
row at that point, to allow th© automobile
to pass, but Benson refused to take the
outside of the road and stopped his ma
chine on the Inside of the roadway. He
shouted to Bock to go ahead and the
Oakland man attempted to drive his
horse past the automobile. When oppo
site the machine, the horse took fright al
the escaping steam and started to back.
Before Bock could do anything to prevent
the accident, the buggy had run off the
road and upset, all its occupants being
thrown out.
Ida, the eldest girl, fell clear • of. the
buggy and the struggling horse, and Bock
managed to Jump from the rig just as
it went over, but as Mina fell she was
caught between the wheels. As the horse
plunged down the bank the hoofs of the
animal just missed striking her In the
face. In falling she struck on her head
and her neck was severely wrenched.
She. will be confined to the house for some
time as a result of her Injuries/ 'Bock
was not hurt.
It was said by a man who witnessed the
accident that Benson hart been mixed up
In another accident on the other side" of
the tunnel just before meeting Bock. The
man who ¦ said he saw the first accident
would not give his name. •
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Uroadway. Oct. 19.
The fourth and last day of the confer
ence of the Methodist Episcopal Church.
South, has passed.
The report of the -committee investi
gating the case of Rev. M. F. Grove of
Vlsalia. who was expelled from the
church for marrying a second time while
his divorced wife was living, was pre
' sented and was In favor of recommend
ing the case for a new trial. The recom
mendation was adopted by the members
of the conference.
Grove appealed his case on account of
the errors and irregularities In the find
ings of the court which, he claimed, oc
curred at h!s trial.
The committee decided that the confer
ence can hear the appeal, but not the
case itself, and remanded the case to the
original church at Visalia for rehearing.
Superannuated relations were granted
Rev. W. J. Mahon. Rev. L. D. Hargls,
Rev. A. L» Hunsaker, Rev. J. C. Hyden
and Rev. A. F. Lee.
At their own request the following were
granted locations: Rev. J. M. Pratt. Rev.
T. G. Patterson. Rev. G. H. Wilkinson
and Rev. C. E. Clark.
The next meeting place of the confer
ence will be Fresno.
Bishop Morrison made the following ap
pointments:
Oakland district, J. E. Moore; San Jose. H.
C. Meredith: Alame^a. P. C. Fletcher; Berke
ley J. C. Wootun; Hollister. Joseph Eraery:
Santa Rosa. J. A. Wailes: Sallnaa. J. C. Dtl
lon; Gllroy. H. M. Mr Knight; San Benlto, C
W. Huff: Mountain View. C. T. Clark; Peta
luma, William Actnen; Healdsburg. J. C. Black;
Cloverdale. O. L. Russell; Uklah. W. O. Wag
gener; WHMts. to be supplied: Laytonvllle and
Round Valley to be supplied: Willow*. J. O.
Coppage; Chlco. C. K. W. Smith; Colu««, J. E.
Squires; Anderson. \V. H. Nunn; Maxwell. W.
A. Orr; Arbuckle. B. H. Green; Woodland, J.
L. Jones; Sulphur Creek, L. D. Jones; Sutter
City J C. Thomas; Ono circuit. W. A. Win
ner; Millvllle, O. C. Coppa#e; Henleyvllle. W.
R Keathley; Knights Landing. T. Thomas;
Orland J. F. Roberts: Boonvllle. B. Harrison;
Potter Valley. L. C. Renfro; Lakeport. W. F.
Coffin: Upper Lake. W. A. Llndsey. Yorkvtlle
and Hopland. Z. P. Milllngton: editor Paclfle
Methodist Advocate. W. E. Vaughan; Fresno
district. J. A. Bachelor, presiding elder; Gllroy.
N. McN'lght; Salinas. J. C. Simmons; San
Lucas, S. C. Bosham; San Benlto. C. \V. Huff;
Dry Creek. J. Hedspeth; Selma, W. J. Fen
ton: Sanger, J. M. Parker: Dinuba, A. L. Paul;
Vlsalia. P. F. Page; Woodville and Poplar.
A 8. Cecil; Exater. E. J. Page; Bakersfield,
J. W. Horn; Madera. J. B. Needham: Le
moore. J. M. Bounds; Marlposa. H. Neate; La
Grande, A. Odom; Hanford, R. L. Ilansen:
Colusa district, R. F. Allen, presiding elder;
Lincoln W. A. Whittmer: Wheatland. F. A.
Lark- Grldley. L. P. Searer: Tuba City, J. D.
F Houck; Princeton. W. A. Booker: Walnut
Grove. W. A. Rundle; Gait. G. H. Fraser;
Milton. P. N. Blankenshtp; Linden, S. J.
Pope: Modesto. J. C. Robertson; Watertord.
A. Atkinson; Merced. Z. J. Needham; Winters
and Davis. C. W. Potter; Rockrllle, J. M.
Brown; Los Banoa, M. Armstrong: Dos Palos.
L. C Smith: agent publishing house, Shanghat.
China, R- P. Wilson. Transfers — C. B. Rld
dick from North Alabama; E. H. McWhorter
from North Carolina; M. B. Cnapman to St.
Louis; L. C. Wilson to North Mississippi; A.
B. Harbin to West Texas: E. F. WiSson. Ar
kansas; A. F. Walters to White River; C. W.
Hone to Los Angeles: I. F. Betts to Texas.
Bishop Morrison Makes As
signment of Many
Clergymen.
Methodist Conference
Favors New Trial
for Grove.
CHURCH WORKERS
FINISH SESSION
New Orleans and Galveston now export
more wheat than New York.
The drunken husband Is most thankfully
absent from" the vaudeville sketch no far
this season.
OAKLAND, Oct 19.— The following mar
riage licenses were Issued by the County
Clerk to-day: William Godber, 43, Val
lejo, vand Mary Bourger, 42, Oakland;
George R. Babcock, 32, vand. Eleanor D.
Olney, 29, both of Oakland; Lang C. Wil
son, over 21, and Florence M. Lyster, over
18, both -of Pleasanton; Albert P. Ray
mond, over 2L San Francisco, and Mamie
Parsons, over 18, Haywarda.
Marriage Licenses.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
• Monday, October 19. * -
8chr Compeer. Lapping. 5 days from Eureka.
- SAILED.
. '* Monday. October.19.
Stmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart, Seattle^
DOMESTIC PORTS. -
ABERDEEN— Arrived Oct 16— Stmr O C
Ldndauer. hence Oct 12; schr J II Bruce
from — -. ;•.- ,' •. .
Sailed Oct 17 — Schru Robert R Hind, Volant
Roy. Somers. Sailor Boy, for San Francisco'
Oct 18— Schr Henry Wilson, for Ban Francisco,
OAKLAND, Oct. 19.-John 8ilva a
Southern Pacific - Company flagman, paid
a fine of $200 In the Police Court to-day
the punishment being Imposed by Judge
George Samuels after Sllva's conviction on
a charge of attacking Agnes Freitas
eight rears old. '
Flagman Pays Heavy Fine.
OAKLAND. Oct.- 19.— William Crowell.
cashier of the National Bank of Com
merce of Kansas City and a. visitor to the
Bankers' Convention at San Francisco,
lost a pocketbook to-day while coming to
Oakland; the wallet having contained $100
in bills and three drafts on the bank of
which ha is cashier. * The police have been
notified. .'">-,*-.• •
Banker Loses Money ai\d Drafts.
TERRE HAUTE, Ind., Oct 19.— William
Faversham, the actor, collapsed in his
dressing-room to-night and wns unable
to appear in "Impudence" at the Grand
The attending physician says the ailment
is only an attack of biliousness. J
Actor Faversham, Collapses.
OAKLAND. Oct. 19.— As the result of a
fierce fight at Pleasanton two weeks ago
Mary Silva. a young Indian woman
pleaded guilty to having cut Belle Smith
and wag sentenced to nine months In the
County Jail to-day by Judge Ellsworth
The women were Jealous over a young In
dian, engaged in a fight and were only
suparated with the greatest difficulty
Indian Woman Sentenced.
Thomas D. Barnstead, a sterling soldier
formerly of "The California One Hun
dred" and commander of Lincoln Post
No. 1, G. A. R., passed away on Sunday
morning at his residence, 148 West ave
nue. The late Mr. Barnstead . enlisted in
"The California One Hundred" in 1861,
which was the first company . to report
for active duty in the field. Mr. Barn
stead was at once assigned to the Sec
ond Massachusetts Cavalry. He saw a
great deal of hard service up to the close
of the Civil War. The funeral of the late
Mr. Barnstead will take place to-morrow
afternoon at 1 o'clock from Pioneer Hall.
Passing of Brave Soldier.
OAKLAND, Oct. 19.— The police have
In custody Michael Griffin. 23 years old;
Herbert Sumner, a year younger, : and
George Kelley, 19 years of age. The
trio, were . arrested by Patrolman Cor
nelius Keefe, under suspicion of possible
connection with, the Kley saloon rob
bery or the Cross robbery. The cus
tomary 'sweating" process was Invoked
to determine what are the , three men's
antecedents. All of the crowd declare
they are strangers in this city and have
had nothing; to. do 'with, the crimes under
investigation. Y"v'i'- ; "
Three "Suspects'* in Custody.
OAKLAND,* Oct. 19.— The Board of Su
pervisors to-day received a report from
a special committee of the Merchants'.
Exchange, which Installed an exhibit of
Alameda County products at the State
Fair in Sacramento. The committee re
turned a surplus of $212 45 from the $500
allowed by the Supervisors and the $350
won as third prize by the exhibit In the
counties' competition. Three gold medals
were won by individual exhibitors and a
number. of awards for excellence were
allotted. Theodore Gler, A; Jonas. Wllber
Walker and George W. Arper composed
the committee. These, with A. t>. Payne
and Cralgle Sharp, arranged the display
Sacramento Exhibit a Success.
OAKLAND, Oct. 19.— Dr. Charles L.
Lawrence, a physician, with offices at 521
Twelfth street, was arrested to-day on' a
charge of battery, preferred by John Fer
rin, a claims agent for the Oakland Tran
sit* Consolidated. Ferrin asserted that
there was bad feeling between himself and
the medical man over a bill for $20 for
treatment of a man who had been struck
by an electric car. Ferrin rejected the bill
and a subsequent suit for the money was
lost by the physician. .
Saturday evening the railroad man and
the doctor clashed on Washington street,
near Tenth. Ferrin says the doctor' hit
him, but got away before he could be ar
rested.
Claims Agent John Ferrin of Oak
land Transit Causes Arrest of C.
L. Lawrence, Physician.
RAILROAD MAN SAYS
DOCTOR STRUCK HIM
The quartet admit having beaten Silva.
who, they claim, was disturbing their
peace, but deny having robbed him. They
were released on bail.
' Manuel Silva of Haywards claims to
have been held up, badly beaten and
robbed of $11 by four men Saturday night.
He says that he was returning from a
visit to his mother-in-law, from whom
he had just collected some money. In
the darkness of - the night four men
'pounced upon him, beat him Into Insensi
bility and took all his cash. The Injured
man claimed to have recognized his as
sailants and this morning swore out four
warrants for the arrest of Manuel Men
do nca and his two sons. Manuel and Jo
seph, and Mendonca's son-in-law, whose
name he did not know.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Oct. 19.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 19.— Drafts of two sub
stitute ordinances granting to the South
ern Pacific Company the local railroad
franchises it , wants were introduced by
Trustee William M. Bowers at the meet
ing of the municipal legislators held to
night, the measures taking the place of
the proposed ordinances that have been On
file with the City Trustees for a month.
The original drafts were withdrawn with
the consent of all of the members of the
governing body of the municipality. The
new ordinance for the south side line
grants the franchise for thirty-four years,
the length of the time which the corpora
tion life of the road has yet to run. In
the franchise for the north side line the
rights are given for twenty-five years, In
stead of the forty-five years asked for by
the 'Southern Pacific Company. In both
outlined ordinances it is stipulated that
no more freight trains shah be operated
over the lines than are being run at pres
ent. "Additional clauses are also embod
ied in the Instruments Introduced to-night
requiring that all tracks and switches for
which the franchises are granted shall be
used within a year, else the privileges will
lapse. ¦ > .'"••:
City Attorney M. W. Simpson, with for
mer City Attorney E. K. Taylor, • will
submit the new ordinances to Manager,
Julius Kruttschnitt of the Southern Pa
cific and report back to the City Trus
tees next ' Monday night whether the
measures are satisfactory to the company
and on what terms the- franchises will
be accepted. : Simpson and Taylor met.
with the City Trustees this morning and
in < the afternoon went to San Francisco
to- confer with Mr.-. Kruttschnitt, but
found -that the latter had not returned
from his Eastern ¦ trip. At ."the morning
conference Trustee J. F. . Forderer said
he would not vote on the franchise ordi
nances unless the same were first sub
mitted to the voters to pass upon under
the referendum. Trustees Dr. Hi M. Pond,
W. - M. Bowers, B. E. Combs and C. J.
Hammond favored the ordinances as in
troduced to-night.
BERKELEY, Oct. 19.-H. H. • TolT
meyer, superintendent of construction for
the Santa Fe Railroad between Berkeley
and Point Richmond, had an experience
at the " hands of two men he believes
were the Nottingham brothers late Sat
urday night on • the San Pablo road.
When he reached' Jones street the men
jumped from cover and with drawn pis
tols stood in front of the horse. One of
them tried to seize the bridle, but belore
he could do it Toffmeyer hit the horse
a sharp blow with "his whip ana it
bounded past the highwaymen.
Toltmeycr crouched down into the bot
tom- of his buggy just in time to escape
a bullet that was sent after him. If the
robbers had succeeded in holding him
they would have been well paid for their
trouble, as he had several hundred dol
lars with him. As the attempted hold-up
occurred some time after the j Point
Richmond hold-ups by the Nottinghams
Toffmeyer believes he was the intended
victim of the same men. He did not re
port his experience to the police.
H. H. Toffmeyer Shot at by Men He
Believes Were the Nottingham^.
BULLETS IX Y AFTER HTM.
Silva Says Mendoncas
.Robbed Him of All
Greatly Modify Pro
posed Privileges for .
the Railroad.
CLAIMS FAMILY
DESPOILED HIM
PITTSBURG, Oct. 19.-J. W. Ellsworth,
president of the Ellsworth Coal Company,
which is accused of importing Welsh
miners to work at Ellsworth, Pa,, accord
ing to dispatches from Washington, wir
ing from Nem York to-night makes an
emphatic denial that either he or his com
pany had made any arrangement with
miners or their agents to that end.
¦WASHINGTON. Oct. 19.— Evidence has
been collected by the Bureau of-Immi
gration of a systematic and extensive vio
lation of the contract labor law. Com
missioner General F. P. Sargent has sub
mitted the evidence to the Department of
Justice and has requested the Attorney
General to institute proceedings against
the alleged violators of the law.
The case *n hand involves hundreds of
men, many of whom already are In this
country- Others are en route to the Uni
ted States and are expected to arrive in a
few days. The men are Welsh coal
miners and came to the United States
under alleged agreement to work for the
Ellsworth Coal Company of Ellsworth,
Pa.
PHILADELPHIA, Oc:. 19.-Twenty
elght persons, one of them a woman,
comprise a party of Welsh miners who
are detained in this city on suspicion of
being contract laborers. They arrived on
the steamer Haverford from Liverpool
and were landed to-day. Officers of the
United Mine Workers of America, repre
sentatives of which organization are now
here, are largely responsible for the de
tention of the party.
There la no truth whatever in these reports,
as the bank Is In excellent condition. We have
suffered no material losses and will continue
to do business despite the Stock Exchange.
I understand it 1» reported that we lost- heav
ily through the. failure of the Bolivar Bank
and the Hammon Fire Brick Company, but
we are not affected in the least.
The Bolivar National Bank closed its
doors on October 1.
PITTSBURG, Oct. 19.— Excitement was
caused on the Stock Exchange to-day by
Crucible Steel preferred breaking to 31.
which was four points below its previous
low mark, . and Federal National . Bank
declining to 99, after opening at 115. The
explanation given on the floor for the
fall of Crucible was that sellers disposed
of their holdings because of their belief
that the next dividend would be passed.
Later Crucible improved to 34. The de
cline In Federal National Bank was ac
companied by rumors that the Institution
have incurred some heavy losses. On this
point President Langfltts said:
Crucible Steel and Federal National
Bank Stock Decline.
PITTSBTJRCr 'CHANGE EXCITED.
Pennsylvania Coal Com
pany Accused of Im
porting Miners.
NEW FRANCHISE
BILLS SUBMITTED
wj* ¦¦¦ ¦ i i ¦ i. . . .i . i _ *¦ . i + +
OAKLAND, Oct. 19. — Little Mina
Bock, daughter of M. Bock, a
prominent merchant of this city,
was severely injured yesterday
evening in an accident on. the
new inter-county tunnel road. She was
thrown from a buggy to the foot of a
steep embankment, the Bock horse being
frightened by an automobile. Mr. Bock
had taken his daughters, Ida and Mina.
for a Tide in the hills, and was driving
toward the new tunnel. When about a
quarter of a mile of the Alameda County
end he was met by an automobile, driven
by John A. Benson- of 507 Montgomery
street, San Francisco.
Bock says that he drew his horse up
at the side of the road, which is very nar-
NEW YORK, Oct. 19. — The Interbor
ough Rapid Transit Company to-night re;
fused to grant any concessions to the for
mer engineers now • employed as motor
men and the former:,. firemen now em
ployed In various .capacities by the com
pany. The action of the company prob
ably will result In the men going on
strike.
Refuses to Grant Any Concessions.
CONTRACT LABOR
LAW VIOLATED
CALL FOR EXTRA
SESSION READY
SOME WELL-KNOWN MEM
BERS OF THE ORPHEUS
CLUB OF OAKLAND.
President Will Deal
With Cuban Reci
procity Only.
Speclal Dispatch to The' Call.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET N. W.,
WASHINGTON, Oct. 19.— President Roose
velt's call for Congress to assemble in ex-
traorfilnary session on November 9 will be
Issued to-morrow, immediately after the
regular Cabinet meeting. It will deal with
only one subject, Cuban reciprocity, to
consider which the extra session is called.
The President will point out, as he has
done repeatedly in the past, the necessity
of keeping the nation's obligations to the
island of Cuba by granting reciprocal re
lations In the matter of trade, which will
be of great benefit to Cuba and to busi
ness. The President hopes that favorable
action will be taken without prolonged
discussion and before the opening of the
regular session.
It is practically settled that only the
topic of Cuban reciprocity will come up
for consideration In the House, but It Is
altogether probable that the commercial
treaty with China will be submitted to the
Senate before the. end. of the extra ses
sion. -»»-»..
¦When Cuban reciprocity comes up tariff
arguments by the minority party are
probable and representatives of the Amer
ican Protective Tariff League are likely
to be again in evidence, opposing the reci
procity scheme.
MANY TEACHERS GRANTED
CEBTmCATES BY BOARD
Beccgnmendations Also Made to State
Authorities for Grammar Grade '
Life Diplomas. j ;
OAKLAND, Oct. 19.— The County Board
of Education met to-day and granted' the
following certificates:
High erhool certificates on university recom
rnrtidatlon* to Marlon A. Kendall James O.
Cteborne and Josephine Rosenberg.
Permanent grammar school certificates to
n. A. Bills. L. E. White. Mrs." H. G. Ayers.
M. J. Aytr«. L. E. Bentley. Julia Dole Belle
Flaherty. George W. Frlck. Helen M. Girens,
Paul Martin. H. M. Mullen Ellen H. Neylan
A. Norris. Joanna O'Mera, M. J. Shaw F R.
Smyth. Sutan H. 6nook, Stella. G. Trask
Ma<lK« Clayers. Ida M. Harms and i Verona
Teel.
A permanent certificate to teach French
¦was Issued to Emma M. Garretson. A
special certificate was issued to W. E.
Yocom to teach mechanical drawing.
The following recommendations were
made to the State Board of Education for
grammar grade life diplomas: Sara W.
Douglas. Camilla J. GiambonI, Isabella
F. Morrison, Elizabeth Elliot.* J. Hal
Cope. Edith Sprague and Grace S. Hur
wood.
OAKLAND, Oct. 19.— The last con
cert of the tenth season of the
Orpheus Club will take place
Wednesday evening at the Mac.
dpnough Theater, " and music
lovers on both sides of the bay are mani
festing the most eager interest In the
event. A cplendld programme has been
arranged, the choruses being especially
fine. Mrs. J. E. Birmingham, the favor
ite contralto, will assist the club* and
Miss Winifred June Morgan, the Oak
land violinist, who does such admirable
work, will also be heard In two selec
tions.
The Orpheus, more than any other
musical club, has accomplished much in
the way of cultivating the tastes of the
music-loving public of Oakland. It's con
certs always approach a very high stand
ard, not only in their selections, but in
the very efficient manner In which they
are handled. Much credit Is due Edwin
Dunbar Crandall, the club's popular di
rector, and to George H. Collins, whose
untiring Interest in the organization has
caused him to- be repeat^lly and unani
mously elected its president. Mr. Cran
dall is also leader of the well-known
Orpheus Quartet, which has "done" so
much to make the club popular, and
which consists of Mr. Crandall, E. II.
McCandlish. Lowell Redfield and Dr.
Harry P. Carlton.
Harry L. Holcomb is secretary and Mrs.
Arthur W. Moore is the club accompan
ist.
The very attractive programme, which
will be rendered "Wednesday evening. Is
es follows:
Pan I— "Winter Song" (Frederic Field Bul
lsrd): "My Love Sleeps" (Frank Lynes); solo,
selected, Mrs. J. E, Birmingham; "Stela
Song," from "Prince of-PU*en" (Gustav Ihi
ders). solo by E. H. McCandlish; cencerto, op.
70 <De Beriot) (andante tranquillo, allegro
maestoso). Miss Winifred June Mor«m; (a)
"Husheen" (Alicia Adelaide Nerdham), (b)
"The Slumber Boat" (Jessie L. Gaynor), Mrs.
Birmingham, with accompaniment by the club;
"Dawn in Forest" (Josef Rhelnberger).
Part II— "On the Sea" (Dudley Buck);
"Sunset" (Dudley Buck), m a. vloKn solo, Miss
Morgan; "Annie Laurie" (arranged by Dudley
Buck); solo, rejected, Mrs. Birmingham ;
"Calm at Sea and Happy Voyage" (Fischer-
Buck); "The Song of the Drum" (Dudley
Buck). '
The club • accompaniments : for
"Husheen" and "The. Slumber Boat,"
and the four-hand piano accompaniments
for "WJnter Song" and "The Song of the
Drum" are by Edwin Dunbar Crandall. !
Mrs. Birmingham and Miss Morgan will
be accompanied by Miss Ellen Graves.
The members of the Loring Club of San
Francisco, with their Iadie3, will be
guests of the Orpheus Club.
UNIVERSrjY EVENTS
LEAVES ONE PBISON -••• -,.
AND ENTERS ANOTHER
G. T. Gannon, the "Musical Burglar,"
Released From San Quentin and
Again Arrested.
ALAMEDA. Oct. 13.— After completing
a term In San Quentin, George T. Gan
non, known as the "musical burglar," 'be
cause of his penchant for stealing Instru
ments of harmony belonging to others,
was this morning brought to the City
Prison by City Marshal John Conrad to
etand trial for purloining a suit of clothes
owned by F. Kloth. Gannon was released
from the State prison this morning. The
crime for which he served time was com
mitted- In Oakland prior to the alleged
theft of the suit of clothes In this city.
New Lord Advocate for Scotland.
. LONDON. Oct. 19.— Charles Scott Dick
pon, who has been Solicitor General for
Scotland since l&t. has been appointed
Lord Advocate for Scotland in succession
to Andrew Graham Murray
BERKELEY. Oct. 19.— The d'Aneona. trophy
for the best showing on the football field by
a first year man was awarded last night to L.
H. Allen, the big freshman left guard, who
fcught the hardest while the eleven was being
battered to pieces la«t Saturday by the Stanford
freshmen. The trophy,* which Is given annual
ly. Is a gold shield with a University of Cali
fornia pennant crossed with an American flag
engraved with the name and achievement of
the recipient.
The "pajamarino" rally will be held In the
new Greek Theater on October 29, when 1500
etudents are expected to exhibit themselves in
their boudoir regimentals. A prize will be of
fered for the most Interesting pajama exhibit.
President Wheeler will go to Napa to-morrow
to speak before the teachers' Institute now
meeting in that Mty.
John Belknap. the varfclty quarterback, had
the ligament* of one of his arms so badly torn
In practice last week that it Is doubtful If he
will be able to play in the Intercollegiate
game. Geary is playln* In his place.
Professor S. B. Christy has been appointed
6ut*Tlnteudent and orfranlwr of .the mining ex
hibit from the colleges of the United States
which la to be shown at the St. Louis World's
Fair.
DALLAS, Tex., Oct. 19.— The strike of
the Pacific Express messengers is assum
ing a more serloos phase. The baggage
men to-day . refused to handle express
matter, arid it is reported that they and
other trainmen. may strike In sympathy.
At Taylor, Tex., the American Express
Company discharged four men for refus
ing to handle Pacific Express matter.
Refuse to Handle Pacific
Express Company
Shipments.
TRAINMEN MAY
JOIN STRIKERS
Judge Buck places his loss at $21,500;-
Buck, who Is 31 years old, denied specu
lation or fast living. -. He Informed his
wife that twelve years ago he was made
the victim of blackmail by a Chicago fam
ily, foolishly paid the money demanded,
though not legally or morally bound to do
so, and that this family had ever since
from time to time held him up. He had
paid every demandr'fearing the result of
exposure on the health of his parents if
he refused, and the total amount paid
was $30,000.
Reports from Mapleton to-day said that
the shortage has been found to .be .$20,000,
but that -the bank will reopen in two or
three days.
To his wife Buck confided the statement
that he was short in his accounts and
that he was about to flee. A letter from
the missing official said that the short
age was $18,700 with the bank and between
$7000 and $8000 with his father, who had
placed personal funds In his possession
to loan. The capital stock of the bank Is
but $10,700 and the deposits $52,000. The
bank directors took steps at onCA to pro
tect the interests of the depositors.
MANKATO. Minn., Oct. 19.— The Maple
ton State Bank was closed to-day pend
ing an Investigation of the books of the
assistant cashier, Alfred A. Buck, who
has disappeared. He is the only son o£
Judge Daniel Buck of this city, a former
Justice of the Supreme Court, who is
president and owner of half the stock of
the bank.
Robs His Own Father to Buy
the Silence of Certain
Enemies.
Thieving . Bank Cashier
Ofiers Peculiar
RAYS BLACKMAIL
IN STOLEN GOLD
THE SAN FRA3S CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1903.
M. Bock, Prominent Merchant, and His Little
.Daughters, Mina and Ida, Hurled From
Vehicle and One Child Badly Injured
HORSE SCARED BY AUTOMOBILE
BACKS BUGGY OFF EMBANKMENT
Mrs. J. E. Birmingham, the. Favorite Contralto, and Miss
Winifred June Morgan, the Oakland Violinist, Who
Does Admirable Work, Will Be Heard in Selections
CONCERT AT THE MACDONOUGH TO CLOSE
TENTH SEASON OF THE ORPHEUS CLUB
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I' CEIESRATIO . *W
b| f , ST0MACH f -^C
The Bitters will put the system
in such good condition that dis-
ease cannot obtain a foothold. It
will purify the blood, restore the
appetite and cure Insomnia,.
Heartburn, Sick Headache, In-
digestion, Dyspepsia or Kidney
Ailments. Be sure to try it.
DENTAL BR1DGEWORK
Made tor th« Cost of Material at th«
colleoe cxasrzo
All work under the persona! supervision of
the Professor of Crown and Bridge Work and
truarant««(t 22k ircld and the best materials.
EXTRACTION Free. PAINLESS Methods.
CLEANING Fr*«. GRADUATES Only.
WVek Days. 0 to 0; Sunday*. 0 to 1.
POST-OBADUATE SSSTAL COLLSQS
San Francisco— 3 Taylor Street.
, Oakland— 973 Washing-ton Street.
Saa Jose — 45 East SanU Clara Strtet.ALAMEDA. Oct. 19.— Frank Sanford and
Charles Seip of Bay Station went hunting
in Redwood Canyon yesterday with a
horse and buggy owned by J. H. Som
mcrs. In his rush to g*t a pot shot at
a bevy of quail Sanford's gun was dis
charged, the Joad striking the horse in
i he head and killing the animal. Sanford
and Seip escaped injury-
Quail Hunter Bags Horse.
To-Dav and To-Morrow.
Gents' 12 DO shoes for Jl 65 at Herman
I>»sser'p, £15 Market St.. opp. Mason. •
Governor Consents to Parole
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 13.— Governor Par
<!«*«? to-day wrote a letter to the State
l>uard of Prison Directors, giving his as
p.'nt to the paroling of Charles li. Wi'.cox,
pent from Santa Clara County in May,
1902. to life imprisonment for murder. At
the last meeting of the prison directors
at San Quentin it v.-as decided tu parole
Wileox, provided the Governor pave his
iif-sent.
McKay leaves a vast estate, estimated
nt J25.0OO.OO0, and he had two relatives-
Mrs. Dexter and Miss Catherine Dexter
of Boston. It is understood the bulk of
his estate will go to Harvard College.
McKay compelled every man, woman
and child who wore American shoes to
pay tribute to him. It was only a small
bit of tax. from H cent to 4 cents a pair,
but it enabled him to live in the most
luxurious style of modern millionaires,
give liberally to educational institutions
and make princely gifts to friends.
McKay had fine residences in Pittsfield,
Cambridge and Boston and a magnificent
mansion in Washington, to which he took
a young bride. Miss Treat, on whom he
lavished every luxury that money could
purchase. After she obtained a divorce
from him he continued to give her $23.(M0
a year for spending money and to send
her costly fruits and flowers. When she
finally married Baron Adolf von Bruen
lng he sent her a check of such munifi
cence that it became the gossip of the
world.
Inventions by McKay revolutionized the
boot and shoe industry of the world.
They shut the doors of the little cobbler
shop, with Its solitary bench, Its hand
ful of pegs and its waxed end, and open
ed the big factories run by machinery,
where great processions of skilled labor
ers wound in and out twice a day.
McKay peddled the stock of his first
corporation from door to door among his
friends and acquaintances In the Berk
shire town of Pittsfleld, where he was
born in 1S21, among the cotton works of
Lowell and Lawrence, where he had man
aged machine shops, and among the whal
ing population of New Bedford. When
the first dividend was declared the hold
ers of these shares found themselves
wealthy, with the assurance of still great
er accumulation.
NEWPORT, R. I., Oct. 19.— Gorman Mc-
Kay, one of the world's best known men,
died to-day at his villa In this city, after
an illness of a year.
Epecial Dispatch to The Call.
Have for Years Paid
Tribute.
Passing of a Man to Whom All
Wearers of American Shoes
Fame and Vast Weal h Are
Won by His Inventive
Genius.
n session and after midnight nominated
Dr. W. Godfrey Hunter, who received 246
rotes to 64 for Ramsey. Ramsey ad
irepsed the convention, acquiescing in the
'hoice.
MIDDLESBORO, Ky.. Oct. 13.— The Re
publican District Convention, called to
nominate a successor to the late Con
pressman Borelng. divided about midnight
on Saturday, when the Edwards faction
declared an adjournment to meet at Lon
don to-dav. The Hunter faction remained
Republicans Nominate Congressman.
NETV YORK, Oct. IS.— The meeting of
the Kings County Democratic Committee
to-night, called by Senator P. J. McCar
ren to fore* an indorsement of the entire
Tammany ticket, resulted In a victory for
Hugh McLaughlln, who carried ten of the
twenty-one election districts. The vote
was very dose, fourteen dekgates, whose
votes might have changed {he result, be
ir.g absent •when the meeting was coiled
to order. McCarren mace a speech In
fupport of a resolution offered by him to
Indorse the entire Tammany ticket. John
L. Shea, chairman of th* executive com
mittee, offered a eubstltute resolution that
the whole matter Involved In McCarren's
resolution be referred to a ccmmltua of
fifteen and that the committee be directed
to report Its recommendations to the
county committee as to the best means of
bringing about harmony of action on the
part of the organizations of the various
Assembly districts. This substitute was
carried by the adherents of McLaughUn
by a standing vote of US to 141.
But slight hopes are entertained that
the harmony committee -will succeed in
its mission and it is generally considered
that a bitter fight between the rival fac
tions of McLaughlin and McCarren wfll
be ivaged during the campaign.
The fusion and Tammany organizations
opened the campaign to-night. Mayor
Loxv- addressed three meetings on the
IZast Side and McClellan ppoke in Man
hattan and Brooklyn boroughs.
Senator McCarren's Forces
Are Defeated After a
Eard Fight.
$25,000,000.
Estate Left by Gorman
McKay Aggregates
Kings, County Demo
cratic Committee Is
Not Harmonious.
ONCE LOWLY
COBBLER DIES
A CROESUS
TAMMANY TICKET
IS NOT INDORSED
Detectives Taylor,; Ryan and Graham
are positive that Nottingham and his
brother committed the several robberies
in saloons In this* city. Their descriptions
tally with those given by the victims of
the robbers and the manner of work in
all cases on both sides of the bay is the
same. In his pockets were found news
paper clippings of all these crimes. The
Oakland authorities - also say that the
brothers are responsible for many crimes
In that city and crimes committed in
other places are attributed to them.
There will be no effort, made, however,
to .try" Walter Nottingham for crimes
committed in this city until after the
conclusion of the Pqint^Rlchmond case.^
It appears that all who knew Notting
ham feared him. His brother expressed
fear. for him, and Mrs. Nelson says she
never felt secure. It was found by the
detectives that the man had on many oc
casions threatened the woman's life. He
spoke of taking her with him when he
went, and also of taking a couple of po
licemen.
No signs of insanity, however, were
manifest to those who were employed with
him and his oast career was unknown
to all save his associates, as he traveled
under the name of Wells. He was 31
years of age and his home was in Wal
nut Creek, where his , father, C. B. Not
tingham; his mother, three sisters and
four brothers reside on a small farm. He
was considered a bad character and In
the region where he was raised few peo
ple had any use for him.
HAD BAD REPUTATION.
Please ' notify . W. C. French. 027 Mission
street, and Mrs. II. M. Nottingham, Walnut
Creek. Contra Costa County.
On the back of a raffle ticket that was
found in his pocket Nottingham wrote the
following note:
My brother was innocent. I was crazy
and forced him.' BILK
Coroner — Dear Sir: To the best of my recol
lection I was dosed Saturday evening, and
during that state must have committed some
awful deed, because I have a faint recollec
tion of shooting at some one who was trying
to stand me up. The thought of killing any
one is too great for me. At present I am un
der the influence of that horrible drug, what
ever it was. Yours respectfully,
WILLIAM WELLS.
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. IS. 190a
the morphine habit and was a confirmed
"fiend." This accounts for the- statements
made in a note ho left addressed to the
Coroner, which follows:
SEATTLE. Wash., Oct. 19.— The Seattle
branch of the International Bank and
Trust Company of America, which failed
Saturday, has closed its doors and is in
charge of a receiver. The assets of the
local bank are given at $57,000 and the lia
bilities at $95,000. Seattle customers. It is
stated, will receive over 90 per cent of
their deposits.
Cashier M. D. Barnes, as late as Satur
day, refused to honor a draft from the
Mexican branch for between $25,000 and
$3O,0CO, although peremptorily ordered to
do so. Barnes was ordered by wire yes-
Seattle Branch of an Eastern Bank
ing Concern Closes Doors.
RECEIVER TAKES CHARGE.
Deputy Sheriffs Maitoza and Lindley
were called and took up the chase in a
buggy. At the corner of San Pablo and
University avenues they met the brothers,
•and, knowing them, addressed them.
Neither of the deputies was then aware
that they were talking to the highway
men, but after . a short . . conversation
George Nottingham suddenly pulled two
revolvers from his pocket and commenced
firing. The two brothers ran down-Uni
versity avenue, shooting as they ran, bul
lets from the deputies' revolvers flying
after them. When the four revolvers en
gaged in the battle had been emptied the
men jumped into the bushes and disap-
BATTLE WITH DEPUTIES.
WITH detectives close upon
him, George Nottingham, alias
William Wells, ex-convlct and
highwayman, ended his life
with bullets early yesterday
morning. As the scene of his suicide the
man of crime chose the bedside of his
divorced wife, for the love of whom he
committed hi% first felony and for whom
that love has been enduring through years
of disgrace and penal servitude. When
the police arrived at his house they found
a letter to the Coroner beside his body
that exonerated his brother in the offense
for which they wanted him and told in
simple language of his dissipation and
crime and desire to relieve them of their
duty.
Nottingham's career as a criminal has
been one of desperation. He undertook
the most daring work and fought for life
when pursued. That he gave himself to
death without taking other lives Is a
mystery to those who knew him. Now,
as he lies in the Morgue, he has be«n de
serted by former friends and even the
members of his own family have turned
against him. In Martinez, where he was
wanted for a robbery, his mother visited
police headquarters and expressed her
bitterness for him. She forbade that the
body be sent home and expressed the
wish that he had killed himself ten years
ago. ; I
STORY OF THE CRIME. >i.'J
The crime for which the suicide was
hunted was the robbery of a saloon con
taining five men at Point Richmond last
Saturday night. His brother, Walter,
assisted him in the deed, and when they
were pursued and overtaken they bat
tled with deputy sheriffs until the re
volvers of the entire party had been
emptied. The fugitives again fled, but
Walter was captured Sunday morning
and made a confession. It was when
George learned that the sleuths were
aware of his presence in this city and
that he would soon be returned to prison
that he decided to end his existence.
While the Point Richmond affair was
the particular one for which the brothers
were wanted, several other bold crimes
have been credited to them to-day by the
police of three counties. It Is said that
the pair was responsible for the last three
daring saloon holdups in this city, and
they are also accused of repeating this
performance In Oakland a few nights ago
and of holding up a train near Berkeley.
Last Saturday night Nottingham and
his brother left this city on the 8' o'clock
boat and went to Point Richmond. They
rode as far as the second , station and
entered the Manhattan Hotel, their faces
concealed by masks. "With drawn re
volvers they ordered the proprietor and
four other men in the place to throw up
their hands, and when this request was
complied with, Walter went through the
victims' pockets and the cash register
and took about $200. The thieves then de
parted and started off in the direction
of West Berkeley.
On 8eptemb«r 4, 1895, Nottingham was sent
to San Quentln prison • for a period of eight
years. I was divorced from him in October
1809, and on May 18 of the following year marl
tied Frank ' Nelson, a woodworker. In Reno"
Nev. Nottingham waa released on January 4*
1001, and immediately started to win back my
affections. 'He soon succeeded and then ho
urged me to desert my husband and return to
him. * I refused to do so. On March 12 of this
year Nelson died of consumption and Notting
ham urged me to remarry him immediately I
told htm that I waa willing to be his wlfs
again, -but that h« must wait for one year and
until my period of mourning was up. De;pit*
hit entreaties I' remained firm, and that has
been the condition of affairs since my husband's
death. —
Nottingham, however, slept on a lounge in
the kitchen of this house. He came during the
evening and left at early morning. He never
disrobed, but came In and kissed me good-by
every morning. This morning he entered earlier
than usual. I asked him the occasion of it and
he made some evasive reply. We had spoken
but a word or two, , when he suddenly threw
himself on the bed beside me, and. kissing me
osked me to forgive him. I replied that I cer
tainly would If I knew of any transgression he
had committed. He then said that he was glad,
put out a candle -.that ; wan burning, • and • tha
next thing that I realized was that he had fired
two shots into his. breast. His head fell across
my arm ¦ and his hand. . still ¦ clutching the
weapon, lay over. the. bed.
. FATHER HEARS SHOTS. .
For a moment I waa stifled with fear. - Ttoea
MRS. NELSON'S STATEMENT.
Sheriff Veale of Contra Costa County
then took up the chase. He came to this
city Sunday night and secured the ser
vices . of Detectives Charles Taylor,
Thomas Ryan and Robert Graham. The
officers were in possession of the name of
Nottingham's divorced wife's father and
started to find him in the hope of locating
their man there.
The name was Thomas Scott and they
believed he resided in the Mission. The
sleuths visited many residences and, after
working all night, came upon a barber
shop at 757 Howard street, where the
woman, now Mrs. Frank Nelson, was em
ployed. They had learned that the for
mer wife was a barber and searched
barber-shops until they came upon this
one conducted by a Mrs. Dunnigan.
There they gleaned all the information
they desired of the criminal's relations
with his divorced spouse; also that he
was In the habit of spending much time
at her house. Just as the detectives
were ready to depart the telephone bell
rang and a message came to the proprie
tress that Nottingham had committed
suicide.
The quartet of man-hunters then . hur
ried to the Scott residence at,102A Noe
street They found their man dead and
the Coroner's deputies In charge of the
body. It was not known who the de
ceased was, as he had traveled under the
alias of George Wells and the case '.was
put down as one without any extraordin
ary features. As Veale entered, how
ever, Mrs. Nelson rushed to him and
cried that the game was up and that the
dead man was the person he wanted. Not
tingham was smooth shaven when he
took his life, he having removed his mus
tache to make escape easier. The story
of the tragedy as told by Mrs. Nelson
follows:
TRACED TO THIS CITY.
peared. The police in surroundmg towns
were notified and next morning Walter
was captured by Deputy Sheriff Palmer
at Martinez. He was on his way from his
home in Walnut Creek to Crockett to
visit his sister when he was taken from
the train. He. made a .complete con
fession. He claimed that his brother had
forced him into the act; had threatened
to kill him if he did not assist him. and
that he did not participate In the battle
with the officers. He said that when the
firing began George Jumped behind him
to protect himself from bullets, and this
statement is true.
HIGHWAYMAN WHO KILLED HIMSELF TO AVOID ARREST, THE
WOMAN WHO WAS HIS FORMER WIFE, AND FACSIMILE OF
NOTE LEFT BY HIM.
Bank Examiners Take Charge of
Branch in This City.
The San Francisco branch of the ftter
natlonal Bank and Trust Company was
taken possession of yesterday by the
State Bank Commissioners end the vaults
sealed up pending the results of an inves
tigation now being conducted In New
York.
About six months ago a branch of the
company was established In this city at
412 Montgomery street, under the manage
ment of W. H. Hunt, president; J. H.
Manghan. vice president; J. O. Rice,
treasurer, and W. R. Morris, secretary.
An examination by the Bank Commission
ers developed the fact that the total lia
bilities of the institution here are $53.
797 13. of which $40,367 17 Is due depositors
and $13,212 S3 Is due banks. Against this
a balance is shown of $20.0»U 43 in loans
and discounts. $7327 20 in cash and $13.
821 S5 due from other banks.
The business of the local institution was
small and no one in this city will sustain
any considerable loss.
LOCAL MEN ESCAPE LOSS.
manager of the bank. Otto Otterson, left
for New York last Wednesday.
There are 4702 lawyers in Chicago. The
increase In their number during the last
twelvemonth was 320.
The Austrian-Slavonian-American Re
publican Club held a meeting in Austrian
Hall last night and made preparations to
hold a mass-meeting in Apollo Ha'l
some time this month. President B. M.
Burin appointed P. # C. Medovich, M. Saba
din, V. LJecicb, L. *Odovich and Nick Bore
a committPO of arrangements. The club
is working to elect Henry J. Crocker.
Arranging Mass-Meeting.
Speaking of the announcement of his
name as one of the directors of the in
solvent International Bank and Trust
Company, William Astor Chanler said
this afternoon that in March last he
withdrew from the company, and pub
lic announcement was made that he had
ceased to be either a director or a stock
holder.
An application to Chancellor Nicholson
was hurriedly drawn up, praying him to
appoint a receiver who could go Into
Mexico and elsewhere and take charge of
the company's assets.
Later the party hurried aboard a Dela
vare Railroad train for Lewes, and there
continued their search for Chancellor
Nicholson by boat, the Chancellor having
gone out on a trip from the Delaware
breakwater on the pilot boat Philadel
phia.
The members of the party expect to
overtake the Chancellor and express the
belief that they will get a receivership
to-night. They claim that because thl3 is
a corporation of the State of Delaware
the action of the Chancellor will take
precedence. Herbert Compton, a stock
bolder, directly makes the application to
Chancellor Nicholson on the ground of
Insolvency.
NEW YORK, Oct. 19.— Assistant Dis
trict Attorney Miner to-day began an in
vestigation into the affairs of the Inter
national Bank and Trust Company, a
concern incorporated under the laws of
the State of Delaware, with a. capitaliza
tion of $12,000,000. Thus far $1,800,000 of
stock has been Issued. The company
does business principally in Mexico,
where it has seven branches. Its of
fices in this city were in Wall street.
The officers are \Vll\lam H. Hunt, presi
dent; Charles L. Phillips, first vice presi
dent, and John H. Maugham, second
vice president.
On Saturday last the concern failed.
Ir was then learned that $53,000 of the
firm's notes were protested here, and it
was then charged that the company had
been doing a banking business in this
State without having filed a certificate
with the State Banking Department.
' Miner announced that he would exam
ine the officials. . / "
. DOVER, Del., Oct. 19.— The insolvency
of the International Bank and Trust
Company of America at the City of Mex
ico, which is a corporation of the State
of Delaware, and which was recently
given authority to increase its capital
stock to $5,000,000, caused, to-night, one
of the most remarkable dashes for a re
ceivership ever known here. A number
of those interested in the big company
who are opposed to the receivership and
also opposed to the selection of Don
Jaclnto Patteres, a lawyer, as receiver,
gathered here to-night with the object
of obtaining the judgment of the highest
court In the State, which created the
company.
Those present were: Charles I* Phillips,
vice president of the company; Joseph G.
Dean of New York, a director; James
Walcott. a lawyer of Dover, another di
rector; former Governor William T. "Wat
son, also a director; Henry Rldgely. spe
cial counsel for Herbert Compton, a
stockholder, and William Goodlng, spe
cial counsel for the company.
Will Ask Him to Appoint Official to
Handle Affairs of the Interna
;" j tional Trust Company
in Mexico.
Nottingham's first offense was the rob
bery of the railroad ofiice at Walnut
Creek in 1895. In company with a man
named Jones he held up the agent with a
revolver and secured $43. He cam* i to
this city with this money for the purpose
of marrying Hat\ie Scott, then 18 1 years
old. Soon after the ceremony had been
performed he was arrested for. the crime,
tried and convicted. Since his release' he
worked. at various places in Contra Costa
and Alameda counties and for the last
three weeks was employed as a' riveter on
the new Falrmount Hotel. For the last
seven montha he paid Mrs. Nelson: about
$12 per week for her living expenses and
although he kept aroom in the Hancock
House with > his brother he slept at his
divorced wife's house. His brother states
that he came home every evening after
work, changed his clothes and left. . He
returned" early each morning, put on his
working clothes and went to work.'
"While In prison Nottlngnam "acquired
Among the dead man's effects were
found many of these epistles. At the
time this was written Mrs. Nelson was
away from this city with\her husband,
who, was in quest of health."'. • "
Excerpts from other letters follow: '
-MORE TENDER EPISTLES.
I do not want you to worry . about me, . be
cause I shall.be careful and I shall write to
you every chance I set and tell you Just how
everything is. • And, dear, whenever you come
to town, please come to see mamma and papa.
I want you to consider it always . your home
when_ In town: will you, dear? »"•,•' I ¦•>-.
I may have something to tell you .the next
time I see you. ' that is. If things' remain as
they are at present. • • •• Dear, enjoy
yourself as much as you can in that way. Your
time may bo shorter than you think. • .«. • ,
My Own Dear Boy: I hardly know what tft
say to you after reading your letter. I knov?
It is very, very wrong In me to expect. you to
sit down and quietly wait until God kindly re
moves, an object from our path, but as sure us
there Is a sun in the heavens, no man will ever
call me wife but the one that took me nrhen;I
was 18. Ton askM me. dear, so that is my
answer, although I promised something- of thf
same kind years ago and broke my. promise. I
can hardly expect you to put any trust | in this
one. but »tlll I am older . now and know what
I should have known years ago.' • •','•'
WAS A DRUG "FIEND."
If I had Insisted upon staying there anfl he
should have died I should always have i felt
as If 1 had almost killed him myself. I do
not want to go through life with that feel-
Ing hanging over me all the time, and,
Georgle, neither do I want any one else to ever
have the same feeling. I know and ! appre
ciate the motive that prompts you and . others
to send me the (almost offer) that you did,
but, Georrle, I cannot have other people suf
fer such things for me. Georgia, remember
there 1b one year yet remaining to the eight
that you were to serve. There may be many
things happen In that year. Do you remember
one day last summer I Rave you one reason
for my wishing to go to Woodland, * .Well, the
last of the next week; If nothing happens,' we
go the.e, and my eyes and my ears shall
always be open and don't forget I shall make
everything count, but I must have cause be
fore I can do what you all wish. me to do.
Now. Georgio, try to be patient. I shall dc
all I can, but everything must be done In my
own way or I shall never be contented the
rest of my life if any violence is used and
tone shall be used unless It Is an* absolute
necessity, and when that time comes no one
can help me but you. If you are then willing.
Remember, when I make a change everybody
will respect me and no one will be able to
look down on me for what I've dene. "We will
go to Woodland first, then In a little while we
shall be In San Francisco for supplies. Per
haps I shall be able to see you. If you can
manage to be In the city some weekday I may
be able to go to lunch with you. Would you
like It, Geonrie, or would you rather not? ' I
confess I should like to very much.
Now, Georgle, I am going to close. I hope
you will then begin to see things the way
I do. but I don't know whether I am right
or not. I am trying so hard to do what I
think I ought to, but It Is so hard to know
what to do sometimes. I think the best way
out of It, 3lnce I've got myself Into such a
box, la for mo to take something: and go to
sleep and forget to wake up. Then every
thing would come out straight. But that is
silly of me, I know, go I won't think of it
Mm P. will be in the city again the first
of next week. If you ret this In time write
back by her; If not. wait until you hear from
me again, as I mlsrht not be here when you
get a chance to answer.
Georgle. try still to have kind thoughts of
me, although I cannot bring myself to Jump
right u:> and do as you wish.
Think kindly, dear, of your little girl. , '
I rr.y father, who had heard the shots, rushed
In and lighted th6 gas. In the meantime I had
knocked the gun from his dead hand, fearing
that It might explode. My father picked it up
and placed It on the bureau. This was shortly
after 5 o" clock, and for a time we discussed
what we had best do. At length we sent for
the Coroner, and soon after his arrival the
police ramo. I knew what they wanted and
that they were after him. He 'did not discuss
the case with me. as I did not see him after 10
o'clock the previous evening. I left him on
the lounge at that time and do not know what
he did or where he went afterward.
Mrs. E. W. Elvins was also sleeping in
the room where the tragely occurred. She
occupied a small cot. At the time Not
tingham entered Mrs. Elvins says she was
asleep and did not hear anything that
passed between the couple . previous to
the shooting. She was awakened by the
shots-, but, like Mrs. Nelson, was I too
frightened to do anything until after
Scott had entered and lighted the gas.
Nottingham's relations with his former
wife and his efforts to wed her again Is
best told in the following letter written
by the woman to him when he was at
Point Richmond:
WOODBRIDGE, Nov. 14, 1002.
My Dear Georsie: I really don't know how
to start about answering your lette.-. but . I
shall try my best to make you understand
how I feel on that subject. Tou all want me
to leave my husband and say that he abuses
me, but I haven't yet found a sufficient cause
for doing so. Of course there were limes when
I have wanted to do (something that I knew
he would oppose very much,- and we would
have some very warm words over It.- But, in
the end, instead of holding out, he has turned
around and given consent to everything I have
wanted sojfar.j and,;, as for leaving home, I
knew and he knew that to remain in San Fran
cisco meant death In a very short time. He
could not stand that climate, and felt It he
couldonly go away for a little while .he would
be better. Now, Georgle, try to understand
how It would be to be placed in my position.
I married this man of my own free will, and
at that time thought I was doing the beat,
and when he found that he would have to leave
there or die was It not my place to go with
him? .
- /
LONDON, Oct. 20.— The Vienna corre
spondent of the Times explains the non
publication of the Austro-Russlan Joint
note and the detailed Instructions to the
Porte, imposing a fuller measure of re
form in the Balkans, by the fact that the
Sultan flatly declined to receive ¦¦ either
document. The correspondent adds that
both Austria and Russia are now at a
loss how to overcome the Sultan's recal
citrance. : "
Telegraphing from Sofia, a correspond
ent of the Times says there is not yet any
Intimation that the Turkish Government
intends to follow Bulgaria's lead In the
demobilization of troops. It Is reported
that Turkey Intends to keep to the letter
of her agreement to this end by, disband
ing troops in some distant part of Asia
Minor. ; \ ... :.
SALONICA. Oct. 19.— Hilml Pasha tele
graphs that the leader of the Insurrection
ary band killed in a recent engagement
near Fiorina was Stephen Petroft, j not
Boris Sarafoff. Petroff was the soul of
the insurrection.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Oct., 19.— In con
sequence of the understanding arrived at
between Turkey and Bulgaria, the latter.
It is stated here, has ordered the disband
ment of 10,000 troops now oh the frontier.
Turkey must now, in accordance with the
agreement, disband 20,000 of her troops.
The accident was caused by the giving
way of a two-Inch steel cable which was
used as one of the guys to support the
big crane. This cable was tested to bear
a strain of 100 tons, and It Is said that
It did not break, but' pulled loose from Its
fastenings.
There were thirty-four men at work on
the superstructure of the bridge and in
the barce below, from which the beams
were being hoisted by the crane. 173 fget
above the river level., when the booms
collapsed. Of the men who were in the
barge some escaped with their lives by
jumping into the river the moment they
heard the crash above. Some of the men
on the superstructure who were engaged
in riveting and handling the bars that
were lifted from the barge also cot off
uninjured^
Deputy Coroner L. C. Huchel believes
the blame rests on whoever was In charge
of the fastening of the I beam. He says
a failure to properly secure one derrick
load caused the breaking strain to fall
on the crane.
The Injured: Adolph Vosburs of Du
quesne;- Frank Hoover of Allegheny, re
covery' doubtful; William Jay of Beaver
Falls; A. M. Fowler of Paterson. N. J.;
Earl Crider. Allegheny. Injured In the
head.
J. CAMPBELL.
P1TTSBURG. Pa.. Oct. 19.— By the
breaking of the ropes carrying five beams
to their position, letting many tpna cf
iron fall upon the movable crane at the
Plttsburr end of the Wabash bridge
being built by the American Bridge
Company over the Monor.sahela River,
almost a dozen workmen were hurled to
death by a fall of more than 100 feet.
striking the wat«r and two barges be
nc-ath. Ten of the dead have been recov
ered. Five men were seriously injured.
Several bodies are , yet burled in the
wrecked barges. The part of- the bridge
extending out over the river from the
Water-street side Is a total wreck. The
dead:
EDWARD MORRIS.
JAMES SIMMONS.
W. J. McCLOUD.
GEORGE WELLS.
G. W. KEITLJNGER.
WILLIAM KEMPTON.
C. L. FLEMING.
FREDERICK SALLINGER.
FRANK DALBT.
Ten Workmen Are Killed and
Five Others Receive Se
rious Ir juries.
Follow Chancel/or Nicholson
to Sea to Get His Signa
ture to Papers.
Delaware Stockholders
of Defunct Bank Are
Not Napping.
Treachery of Forte in Its
Dealing With Bulgaria
Is Appirent. •'
Breaking Crane Throws
Them Into Monon
gahela River.
Declines to Receive the
Russo - Austrian
Joint Note.
LIVELY MOVE
IS MADE FOR
RECEIVERSHIP
SULTAN DEFIES
GREAT POWERS
BRIDGE BUILDERS
HURLED TO DEATH
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 20, 3903.
George W. Nottingham, Ex-Convict, Enacts
Tragedy at the Bedside of His Divorced
Wife, Hattie Nelson, When Hunted Down
FUGITIVE HIGHWAYMAN SHOOTS
HIMSELF TO ESCAPE JUSTICE
BERLIN, Oct. 19. — The managers of the
I Hamburg-American and Xorth German Lloyd
steamship companies, who have been conferring
at Hamburg: regarding cabin passenger rates,
decided to-day to adhere to the arrangement
exirtlng between the two companies and the
1 International Mercantile Marine Company and
other lines.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTxSEMEUTS.
" Dear Mrs. Pixkiiasc : — I was mar-
ried for several years and no children
blessed my home. The doctor said I
had a complication of iemale troubles
and I could not have any children un-
less I could be cured. He tried to cure
me, but after experimenting for ser-
eral months, my husband became dis-
gusted, and one nig ht when wo noticed
the testimonial of a woman who had
been cured of similar trouble throug*h
the use of Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound, he went out
and bought a bottle for me. I used
your medicine for three and one-half
months, improring steadily in health,
and in twenty-two months a child
came. I cannot fully express the joy
and thankfulness that is in my heart.
Our home is a different place now, as
we hare something: to live for, and
all the credit is due to Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound. Yours very sincerely, Mas.
L.C. Glover, 614 Grove St., Milwaukee,
Wis." Vice President, Milwaukee
Business Woman's Association.— tSOOO
forfeit If original of atxx* Itttr prootng jmWw
mm* ca.?/iot ba prtxuced.
ident Milwaukee, Wis., Business
Woman's Association, is another
one of the million women who
have been restored to health by
using Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound.
San Franciaco. Tuesday. 20 October, 1803.
Rich golden oak
$ft.oo
Count on the construction as though you had made
it yourself. On the wood as though you had followed
it from the woodman's ax to the finishing shop. A
gracefully designed table and finished in a manner
which would justify our asking more money. ' In rich
golden oak at £3.oo. The same design in beautiful
birdscye maple at £10.00. For parlor or bedroom.
Brisk buying in the curtain department yesterday.
A great many of the special curtains are gone, but there's
stil some left. Just as good patterns to choose from to-
day — and just as good value. Regular $1.25 Notting-
hams for 90 cents.
No telephone or mail orders filled and not more
than four pairs of curtains to any one buyer. ,Sale
ends tc-night at six sharp.
We are figuring on moving into our new Geary
street building about the middle of next month. There
will positively be no removal sale.
(Formerly the California Furniture Co.)
957 to 977 Market Street, San Francisco |
¦Mrs. L. C. Glover, Vice-Pres-"NANAIMO. B. C, Oct. 19.— The steam
ship Champion, Captain "*V>sterlund.
which arrived at Ladysmlth yesterday,
was totally destroyed by fire last night.
The vessel was loaded with 12.000 barrels
of lime consigned, to the Esquimau Navy
Yard. She had a rough trip across the
gulf and water reached her cargo, caus
ing It to develop heat. The heat set the
woodwork on fire and the blazing vessel
was r«n on the beach. The loss will reach
about $6000.
Esquimau Navy Yard and Is
Run Ashore.
LIME IN THE CARGO
SETS FIRE TO VESSEL
Steamship Champion Blazes Near
There is still hope for dueling German students
and encouragement for their well wishers. Two of
them % surprised Berlin recently by fighting a duel
with pistols, a procedure which indicated that they
seriously meant harm to one another. Still more as
tonishing was the fact that one of the contestants was
fatally wounded. As soon as dueling becomes dan
gerous in Germany it will cease to be a fad.
ONE of the most serious phases of: the mu
nicipal contest arises out of the power which
the charter invests in the Mayor and in the
various boards and commissions appointed by him to
carry out his will in the city government. The pow
ers given these bodies arc so varied and so far reach
ing that they directly affect the business interests of
thousands of people. In the hands of unscrupulous
men such powers can be readily turned to evil pur
poses, and accordingly it is not at all impossible that
if an unscrupulous man should hold the Mayor's of
fice for two successive terms, so that he would have
the appointment of all members of the different
boards and commissions, he would build up a political
machine more formidable than any now existing in
the United States.
The power of such an administrative machine would
be far greater than the conservative citizen supposes.
Through one board or another the Mayor, seeking
domination for selfish B ur P° s es, could control the
Police Department, the Fire Department, the School
Department, all persons employed in the department
of Public Works, the saloons of the city and all per
sons engaged in occupations requiring licenses. - la
WASHINGTON, Oct. 19. — Minister
Beaupre, at Bogota, has Informed the
State Department that the Colombian
Government is still considering the canal
question and that the ; committee having
the matter In 'charge has submitted a're
port upon the concession to the Panama
Canal Company from 1904 to 1910. These
dispatches are ambiguous and the de
partment cannot say whether the com
mittee has recommended the invalidation
of the concession and a return to the com
pany of $1,000,000. .which was paid for It,
or whether it favors confirming their con
cession. The report Is to be printed and
discussed In the Colombian Congress next
week. The Colombian Government hav
ing intimated that it desired to renew
negotiations for tho construction of a
canal.. this Government will not act un
til It .has been determined that a reason
able time has been given the Government
at Bogota to formulate and present a
proposition.
BOGOTA GOVERNMENT MAY
RENEW THE NEGOTIATIONS
A DANGER POINT.
JUNCTION. Colo.. Oct. 19.— James Tay-»
lor Sharp, a well-known pioneer of this
State and one of the riders of the fa
mous "pony express" In the '60s. died to
day, aged S2. He was born at Coates
ville. Pa.
Death of a Colorado Miner.
Turkey has announced that she will make at the
St. Louis Exposition a display worthy of her place
and dignity among the nations. It is to be presumed
that exhibits of the Macedonian unpleasantness will
be left at home.
Dowie has already had an "experience" in his as
sault upon the "breastworks of sin" in New York, but
it was not particularly of the penitential form sort. A
thief, evidently incorrigible if not sacrilegious, entered
the apartments of Mrs. Dowie and stole a $1500 dia
mond and pearl brooch. It is probable that Dowie
now has a sterner idea of the necessity of his assault
and will throw something of personal feeling into his
appeals to reform and restore.
TOPEKA. Kans., Oct. 19.— The Santa
Fe has decided to put It3 California Lim
ited train into service again on November
29. The officials of the road are here ta
arrange a new time card, which will per
mit the running of the train. The officials
are discussing the matter of putting on
another train to run from Kansas City to
the West.
Santa Fe to Increase Its Service.
sen, a Swede, aged 26 year?, fell off the
California Express as it was traveling
twenty-flve miles an hour between Delta
and Kennet Saturday night. He landed
on a pile of rocks beside the- track and
he lay there, practically unhurt but In
a drunken stupor until he was picked up
and brought to Redding last night.
The Swede does not know whether he
fell off the platform or out of a window.
When asked- about it he said:
"I don't know. Ay bane feeling putty
good, I gass." ;•. :„
FALLS FROM A TRAIN
BUT FEELS "PRETTY GOOD"
Swift Landing on a Rock Pile Fails
to Hurt a Moistened
Swede.
REDDING. Oct. 19.— Ludwlg Amanure-
TRENTON. N. J.. Oct 19.-The Govern
ment attorney took out a writ of replevin
In the case of the United States cruiser
Chattanooga, which is advertised to b«
sold by the Sheriff to-morrow under a,
judgment obtained by Babcock . & Wil
cox against the Crescent Shipyard Com
pany. The obtaining of this wtU will
operate to restrain the sale. The cruiser
is uncompleted and the Government has
already .paid $300,000 on account.
Sale of Cruiser 'Is Restrained.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 19.— Elijah E. Un
ger. Auditor for the city of Los Angelea,
died to-day at his home In this city.
Death followed a protracted illness and
was not unexpected.
E. E. Unger was born in Muscatine.
Iowa, and was 46 years of age at the time
of death. He came to Los Angeles in 1SS6
from San Francisco. In 1900 deceased was
elected City Auditor and was re-elected to
the same office upon the expiration of his
first term In 1902. He leaves a widow, one
son and two brothers, one of whom. Cress
Unger, Is employed in the San Francisco
Custom-house.
Popular Official of the Southern Cali
fornia Metropolis Dies After
Long Illness.
LOS ANGELES AUDITOR
ANSWERS DEATH'S CALL
The meeting will be In session to-mor
row, wb«n the future policy of the com
pany will b« outlined and arrangements
made for the financing. The capital stock
of the company is $5,000,000. The company
is Incorporated under the laws of Ari
zona.
L. F. Wilson of /Texas was elected vlc«
president, F. W. Flato Jr. of Missouri
treasurer, and C. F. Martin of Colorado
secretary.
The trust agreement by which 51 per
cent of the stock is to be held in escrow
by the directors was adopted and a trust
committee appointed. It was decided to
postpone the election of president until
the meeting of the National Live Stock
Association In Portland, Or., January 13,
1904.
DENVER, Colo.. Oct. 13.— The directors
of the independent Packing Company, the
antagonist of the meat trust, met her<» to
day for the purpose of electing officers
and outlining the future policy of tha
company.
Directors of the Independent Pack
ing Company Hold an Important
Meeting at Denver.
PREPARED TO CONTINUE
WAR AGAINST MEAT TRUST
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 19.— General Nel
son A. Miles has arrived in Los Angeles
after a leisurely trip through Texas, New
Mexico and Arizona, during which he in
vestigated oil lands In Texas in which he
is interested. He will remain in Los An
geles several days, inspecting some prop
erty that he holds in this vicinity, and
will then proceed north by way of San
Francisco, through to Oregon and Wash
ington.
During an interview General Miles
stated that he might eventually build a
home In Southern California and locate
here.
GENERAL MILES MAY LIVE
aN SOUTHERN CALIFORIA
Former Commander of the Army
Thinks of Building a Western
Home.
Early in the evening her 6-year-old
daughter, while handling a lighted candle,
set flr« to the lace curtains In a bedroom
of the residence. In response to the
child's cries Mrs. Chichlzola ran into the
room and In attempting to extinguish the
flames her clothing caught fire. She was
horribly burned and death ended her suf
ferings this morning.
The deceased was formerly Miss Cuneo
and her people are wealthy Italians of
San Francisco. The remains will be
shipped there for interment.
MERCED, Oct. 19.— Mr*. T. J. Chlchi
zola, the wife of a merchant at Indian
Gulch, Mariposa County, was burned to
death last night at her home.
"Wife of a Mariposa County Merchant
Meets With a Terrible
Death.
TBIES TO STOP FIBE
AND IS FATALLY BUBNED
This rounds *ell. but behind it is the fact that the
railroad was forced across Manchuria under cover of
the Boxer troubles, and the affair had in it none
of ibfi elements of free consent by which China could
have permitted another Government, as a public and
not private enterprise, to build a railway on her soil.
When Russia procured the departure from China of
the armies of the other Western powers by a specific
promise to withdraw her own, and when she from
time to time renewed that promise after its violation,
:-he knew as well as she knows now her purpose and
intentions in Manchuria. If the other nations did
not seriously expect her to withdraw from Manchuria
on October 8 it was because her faith had been so
often broken that no one expected her to keep it.
The immunity that she enjoyed, and the fruit of her
broken promise, were at once employed, with unusual
effrontery, in making demonstrations intended to de
stroy the independence of Korea, thereby threatening
the existence of Japan.
Her present attitude, exploited in the last delivery
of Count Cassini, is due solely to the vigorous stand
taken by the Government of the Mikado. If the pro
posals secured by the British Minister, Sir Charles
Macdonald. are accepted by Russia, and her sphere
of influence is thereby delimited, the world has no
guarantee that her faith, pledged to the new arrange
ment, will be any better kept than the promise to
evacuate solemnly given to the concerted nations at
Peking. Russia's word has ceased to be good for
anything, and if Japan be wise she will continue to
str«ngthen her navy and to gird herself for a struggle
•with Adam Zad.
I\ is one reassuring sign that the representative of
Great Britain has intervened to establish an under
standing. This he could not have done without the
consent of his Government, and maybe^he has acted
by its instruction, which would mean a British and not
a Japanese initiative. His presence in the matter is
a sort of assurance that the British-Japanese treaty of
umity and alliance is considered to be something
stronger than a bond of courtesy between the two
nations, and that Great Britain does not intend to
leave her ally to bear the shock alone when it comes.
It is a strange and rather romant : r feature of the
affair that Japan, limited in territory and population,
stands between Russia and all Continental Europe, re
sisting the design of the Czar to make future civiliza
tion conform to the Cossack model and to put his
foot on the neck of the world. There seems good
reason why Russia should at present accept the pro
posals framed by Sir Claude Macdonald, and there
also seems no reason why she should keep her prom
ise to observe them. In such a case the rest of the
world may well consider its duty to back Japan in
her determination to keep Russia out of Korea and to
secure the future progress of China as an independent
empire. This will arrest the growth of the northern
glacier, and perhaps confine it*within bounds which
-will leave room enough for the other races to live.
Japan has, in this affair, fully emerged from her isola
tion, and rter courage and diplomacy place her in the
proyp of world powers which have obligations to each
other that must be acknowledged.
IT now appears probable that peace may be secured
between Russia and Japan. The British Minister
to Tokio has obtained Japan's consent io a list of
pioposils to Russia by which Manchuria is to be re
:-toied to China and the principal towns of that prov
ince are to be opened to trade and all troops arc to
be withdrawn except the guard of the railways. Rus
sia is also to renounce her timber concessions on
both sides the Yalu River and her assumed rights in
Vongampho, and concede that the country south of
the Yalu is within Japan's sphere of influence.
Count Cassir.i, the Russian Minister to the United
States, who is in Paris, is quoted as saying that Rus
sia does not intend to annex Manchuria, but, hav
ing built the railroad and incurred enormous expense
there, she intends to safeguard her rights and realize
legitimate benefits. He adds that this was so "well
understood that none of the powers except Japan se
riously insisted that she evacuate Manchuria on Oc
tober 8.
PROSPECT OF PEACE
A SPECIAL edition of the Napa Register has
been issued which is devoted largely to a de
scription of Napa County. The area of the
county is 8oo square miles, or 512,000 acres. The as
sessed lands amount to 404,704 acres. The total as
sessed valuation, including the railroad, exceeds
$13,000,000. The population of the county is 18,000;
of the city of Napa 5000. The State and county tax
outside of incorporated towns is $1 72 on the $100.
Mentioning particulars the Register alludes to the
employment of factory employes in the city of Napa.
Five hundred persons are earning wages in manufac
turing establishments all the year. When the driers
and canneries are caring for the fruit crop at least
500 more employes are enrolled as wage-earners.
Napa maintains a Board of Trade, the duty of which
is to encourage men of business and also home-seek
ers to locate in Napa.
In the past few years the dairying industry in the
Napa Valley is reported by the Register to have
grown to large proportions. The culture of the olive
is found to be profitable. Nut-bearing trees are on the
increase, and almonds and English walnuts are sure
and profitable crops.* Citrus fruits are grown, but
more profit is to be found in stone fruits. "There are
many localities in California," says the Register, "that
are becoming known as the 'home of the peach' or the
'home of the prune,' but Napa Valley is the home of
all good things horticultural."
Viticulture is one of the leading industries of the
county. Some of the finest wine cellars in the world
are there. Many underground cellars are tunneled
into the hills for aging wines. - They are visited by
sightseers. Stock farms are on a large scale, and are
noted for thoroughbreds. The manufactures are men
tioned collectively by the Register: "Napa has begun
to reach out as a manufacturing center and stands
upon a par with many cities of much greater preten
sions. Within her limits are located representative
and prosperous establishments, and among them are
two tanneries (in which are made glove, shoe, har
ness and sole leather), a glove factory, shoe factory,
shirt factory, box factory, hat and cap factory, four
cigar factories, planing mill, fruit driers, cannery, dis
tilleries and wineries. Nearness to San Francisco,
the best shipping facilities by rail and water, make of
Napa a natural manufacturing center, where high
grade help is always in demand."
The causes of prosperity and accessories to growth
have been provided mainly by local capitalists. The
people of Napa, in other words, have confidence in
themselves and their facilities. The schools and
churches are numerous. A cement plant has begun'
operations in the county that turns out 2000 barrels in
product daily and pays $20,000 per month in wages.
The city of Napa is forty-six miles north from San
Francisco. The distance is made in a little more
than two hours by rail and in four hours by steam
vessel. The water lines carry freight and passengers
between Napa and San Francisco, and rates are kept
down by rail through water competition. The city, as
viewed by the Register, is found to have improved
more in the past two years than in anytorresponding
period in its history.
"The establishment of cement works near by," says
the Register; "the expansion of our factory interest;
the coming of an electric road and the natural growth
attendant upon healthy agricultural and commercial
conditions— all these things contribute to the making
of Napa what it is and what it must ever be — one of
the foremost of California's interior cities."
INDUSTRIES OP NAPA.
WOODLAND, Oct. 19.— On Wednesday
a wedding of more than ordinary Interest
on account of the family connections of
the contracting parties will be soleihn
ized in this city. Miss Ruby Odell Mc-
Kay will become the bride of George W.
Scott of Madison. The bride-to-be Is the
daughter of J. W. McKay of Mississippi,
but since her mother's death she has
made her home with her aunt. Mrs. J. M.
Bland, at whose residence the ceremony
will be performed. She is an accomplish
ed and popular young woman.
Mr. Scott Is a native of New York, but
for some time has been the manaeer of
the big farm of his uncle. George W.
Scott, a wealthy pioneer. The family is
one of the oldest and best known in the
Sacramento Valley. After a brief honey
moon in San Francisco the young couple
will return to the farm near Madison.
Miss Buby Odell McKay Will Be
come the Bride of George
W. Scott.
WEDDING BELLS TO RING
IN A YOLO BESIDENCE
In the northern part of the State recently a man
aged 75 years and a woman four years his junior were
married. The old people were hopeful, happy and
contented in the prospect of new and long life. This
is the way we do things in California, and perhaps it
is opportune for somebody to lay it all to our glo
rious climate. : ;'.^ ~U^
As for the Confederacy ball at the Pal
ace on Thursday night it would seem
that society en masse will be in attend
ance. Maids, matrons and dowagers alike
have their gowns home from madam's
and there will be a brave ehowing of gay
costumes and pretty women.
• vr; •' ;¦. •
To-day the Century Club will tender
a reception to the ladles accompanying
the visiting bankers. The function will
be given at the clubrooms on Sutter street
between 4 and 6 o'clock. . . •
Miss Fassett, who leaves for the East
on the 28th, was the guest of honor last
nlpht at a charming dinner at the Palace.
The following guests were present: Mrs.
Crocker. Mr. and Mm. D. A. Bender, . H.
J. Crocker. Judge and Mrs. Van Fleet,
Mr. and Mrs. A. Wright. C. H. Crocker,
Miss Hennessey and Mr. and Mrs. J. Sloat
Fassett.
The beautiful Aline Ford, daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Denslow Ford, Is
to become to-day the bride of Lewis
Pierce in Los Angeles. The young people
will start upon an extended Eastern tour
immediately after the ceremony, return
ing to the city some time In January.
Mr. Pierce, though extensively concerned
in the cattle Interests of the State, will
undoubtedly make this city his headquar
ters on his return.
After a delightful stay of six weeks in
Southern California, Mrs. Otto Berman
and her daughter. Miss Berman, have re
turned to their home on Fulton street.
«¦•;;• ,_-.-••'•
Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Splekjer and their
daughter Georgle returned yesterday from
a year's absence In Europe. They are
stopping temporarily at the Palace, ex
pecting to open their home at an early
date.
? • •
Mr. Wllcomb held the attention of the
guests for an hour, illustrating as he
talked. No more interesting topic could
have been chosen, as basketry is of ab
sorbing Interest at the present hour, since
it has come to be looked upon as a history
of primitive man— and Mr. Wileomb knew
his subject as do but faw.
Miss Niggle, a child with a fine voice,
sang two pretty ballads. Violin solos by
Miss Aristine Pixley, a dialogue, "The
Quarrel," by Miss Niggle and Gladys Ra
gan, and readings by Miss Beatrice Peck
completed a most interesting programme.
Miss Peck, who is a stranger to San Fran,
cisco audiences, scored great successes
two years ago In Chicago, and latterly in
Seattle, by her interpretations at social
affairs, and yesterday added fresh laurels
to. her reputation as a drawing-room
reader. Unaffected, charming and chic,
she scored a splendid success.
The programme over, the Daughters
served tea— such good tea— to their guests,
who were loth to separate themselves
from Mr. Wilcomb's baskets. Small won
der.
The Daughters of the California Pio
neers were hostesses at a delightful af
fair yesterday afternoon, when they en
tertained about 150 guests in the parlors
of the Pioneers. How the old pioneers do
love to linger about at these affairs and
enjoy the pleasant programmes that are
offered— likewise the good tea that is
brewed by Tom, the indispensable.
A talk upon Indian basketry was gtven
by Superintendent Wileomb of the Park
Museum, who brought with him a truck
load of basket treasures. Treasures?
Well, some of these, the feathered Po
mos, are worth $500. "Besides," said the
speaker, "they carry with them more
than a mere commercial value to the
lover of primitive art, for they tell the
tale of race origin. In Africa we find the
self-same designs as we find among the
Hopi and other Arizona tribes." Here Is
a prop to tho Atlantis tale.
The afternoon was further devoted to a
delightful paper by Mrs. C. T. Mills, pres
ident of Mills College. Mrs. W. S. Davis,
chairman of the committee on education,
directed the programme, while Mrs. Os
car Mansfeldt looked after the music,
covering herself with glory. The follow
ing selections were rendered:
(a) In Memoriam WilhelmJ
(b) Nocturne (Op. 27, No. 2). .Chopln-Wilhelmj
(c) Airs Hongrois Ernst
The club whose guest ho was yesterday
will attend solidly his two concerts to ba
given this \ week, the first Wednesday
evening and the second on Saturday
afternoon, at Lyric Hall. These promise
to be as "functionary" as the affair of
yesterday, when many stunning gowns,
mostly white, w were seen in the club
rooms. . '¦ y;
This club has rather distinguished itself
in past years by entertaining musical
celebrities. Last year it held a splendid
affair for the great Wflczeh, who, by the
way, has much In common, physically and
menially, with Mr. Spamer, their present
guest. This clever violinist began his
career at the age of 11, when he became
concert master^ of the Hoch Conserva
torium at Frankfort. At 16 he entered
the tutelage of the great Wilhemj— whom
those of us with good memories recall —
and now, at 20, he is the peer of his great
master. . ..X.'t
And he dresses most sanely, and, what
is rarer still in a great artist, he acts
sanely. And how he does play with that
bow! First you are thrilled with a quiv
ering exaltation as you catch a glimpse^
of the sunshine of a soul; then of a sud
den you go into stygian darkness, where
a soul writhes in despair. This is the
art of that bowstring that sends shivers
down your spine and lures a lump into
your throat. Otto Spamer was honored
by the Sorosls Club, but he repaid his
debt a thousandfold In the music he play
ed to it. And how the hearers drank it
in! The club members and their guests
missed never a note', and their apprecia
tion must have been sweet to the artist.
. The Sorosis Club tendered a reception
yesterday to the great : virtuoso. Otto
Spamer, who during the late Symphony
concerts gave the rarest pleasure to that
part of the discerning public that knows
an artist when it hears one. "Sees one?"
Well, hardly. Otto Spamer doesn't carry
any of the external attributes of the
musical artist, except his violin. He wears
hair at normal length, and all his dis
tinguishing features in the musical line
lie in his brain, rather than in his hair.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 13.-St. Joseph's fair,
in aid of St. Joseph's Catholic Church,
will open at Turn Verein Hall to-morrow
evening. The ladies of the church are
now busy decorating the hall and arrang
ing the booths for the fair. It will con
tinue until next Tuesday evening. The
Rev. Father Kenna president of Santa
Clara College, will preside as chairman.
The Rev. Peter C. Yorke of San Fran
cisco will open the fair with an address.
There will be a musical and literary
programme and dancing each evening,
with matinees on Friday and Saturday.
All kinds* of fancy articles and refresh
ments will be sold and there will be raffles
and other amusements. Meals will also
be served each noon and evening. The
programme for the week will be as foi
lows:
Wednesday afternoon at 3:30 o'clock Land
ers Stevena and his stock company will give
a benefit Derformance.
Wednesday evening — Solos by the sweet
voiced tenor, William O'Brien of San Fran
cisco; recitations, comical and serious, by
Thomas W. Hlckey of San Francisco: charac
ter sketches by Dr. Seiberst of San Francisco;
music by Brohaska's orchestra.
Thursday evening — Hibernla night. Irish
songs and Gaelic dances; cornet solo by
Mr. Lake; talent from San Francisco, Oa«
land and San Jose; music by Leo Sullivan, W.
Lake and Miss Miller.
Friday, 3:30 p. m. — Benefit matinee by Land
ers Stevens and his superb stock company.
Friday evening — Young Men's Institute night.
Music by T. Sullivan's orchestra.
Saturday. 2:30 v. m. — Matinee, under aus
pices of children of Notre Dame. Music, instru
mental and vocal; Punch and Judy show.
Saturday evening — Promenade concert. Ben
jamin's orchestra.
Monday evening — Duets by the Misses Spa
dlna of San Francisco: Gaelic songs and
dances: music by D'Ablalng's orchestra.
Tuesday evening — Disposal of articles.
Finally he came to the promised story
of revelation. He quoted scripture to
show that Elijah was to come a third
time.
He said the story that hl3 wife lost a
$1300 diamond pin was untrue, as she
never owned a pin like that, nor had she
lost anything. The tales printed about
his people being hungry were also lie. 3 ,
he said. He had "licked" the press of
Chicago, he shouted and he would "lick"
the press of New York. He would Uclc
these "vultures."
"There is nothing so joyful as spending
money for the Lord," he continued.
"They say I came to New York for
money. I don't deny the soft Impeach
ment."
Several times the audience hissed
Dowie. After one such demonstration
he shouted: "We come here and we get
your impudence, but I will get your
hearts and then I will get your pocket
books.
NEW YORK, Oct. 19. -After attending
an early sen-ice In Madison Square Gar
den John Alexander Dowle and "Restora
tion Host" numbering 4000 began to-day a
house-to-house canvass of the city. Be
fore giving them his final instruction?.
Dowle said: .V
"I am Koln* out to do a little restora
tion work myself and I won't be far from
Wall street. Pray for me."
The majority of the audience at the
early service was composed of Zionisms.
No robe? were worn. Dowle preached a
sermon on "The Sin of Idolatry," with ap
plications to present conditions.
A "divine healing meeting" was ne.U in
the garden from 10:30 a. m. to noon, at
which Dowle delivered an address on
"The Opening of the Beautiful Gate of
Divine Healing."
In his address Dowle alluded to some
clergymen as "mean dogs." and others,
whose criticisms of him had been pub
lished in the newspapers, he said wore
"working for the derll." " -'''-¦
Of the 3000 or more that were assembled
when the noon meeting: began less than
half remained when Dowle had finished
speaking.
Later Dowie, accompanied by Mrs. Dow
le, his son and Deacon W. P. Kindle,
called on Mayor Low at the City Hall
and told the Mayor that his people had
respect for New York and admired the
Mayor for what he had tione. He thanked
the Mayor for police protection and de
parted with the Zlon salute. "Peace be
unto thee. brother," to which the Mayor
responded, "Thank you. sir."
Twelve companies of the Zlon nest,
numbering several hundred persons each,
were engaged to-day In the house-to
house canvass of the city. Each com
pany was divided into bands of ten. every
band having a captain. To-day they vis
it.d Manhattan only. The arrangements
were under the direction of Elder Abra
ham Lee and Deacon George Mitchell and
the field marshals. Deaconess Jessie Og
den had charge of the house-to-house
canvass In the fashionable district of the
city.
When Dowle opened his night 'meeting
in Madison-square Garden he faced an
Immense throng; when he closed it his
audience had dwindled to only a few
hundred persons besides the "host" he
brought with him from the West. He
fretted, fumed, threatened, cajoled and
finally resorted to the use of epithets,
his hearers meanwhile leaving the meet
ing, several hundred together, drowninsj
the sound of his voice. He had an
nounced that to-night he would tell how
it was revealed to him that he was
"Elijah" and also that he would have
something to say to the newspapers ana
their reporters. His talk was inter
spersed with several hymns. At times
when the tramp of those leaving the hall
was more than his voice ciuid overcome
he devoted himself chiefly to denuncia
tion of tobacco smokers, liquor drinkers
and newspaper men, all of whom he
classed as "dirty dogs" and "dirty
birds."
TUESDAY OCTOBER 20. 1003
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. ;f
Addrejs Ail Communication! to JOHN McNAUGHT, *«^S^
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
rCBLICATIOX OFFICE... MnrUet and Third, «. V.
EDITORIAL. ROOMS 217 to 221 SteTen«on St.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week, 75 Ct*.
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Tmi br M«ll. Inclutfln* Postage (Cash With Order):
D/ULT CALL (lnclufittir Sunday), one T**r *]¦*!«!
PAILT CALL <lncludlnjc Sunday). 8 month* *•""
DAILT CALX Bj- Single Mcntb _V™
fUXDAT CALL. On« Tew *~"
TTTEKLT CALL. Ox>« Tear J-'ri
f Dally... «8.8O Per Tear Extra
FOREIGN POSTAGE \ Sunday.. -».l 5 Per Tear Extra
I Weekly.. LOO Per Tear Extra
AM po.troa-lrr- are anlhorked to recelre
«nbf<crlptlon*.
Sample ccplea will be forwarded when requerted..
Uatl .obecrlber. in crtTrTr.g change of addrew *******
particular to *** both NEW AND OLD ADDRTSS !^ »rt«
uj laaure a prompt and ccrrect compliance with tbelr request.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
III8 Drnndwnr Telephone Main 1OS3
BERKELEV OFFICE.
ri«8 Ceater Street Telephone Worth .7
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
tfOKTOA E. CBAKB 14OG G Street, M. W.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
TTa'.osrf-Aftcrla Hotel; A. Brentano. 31 Union Square:
Ucrray Hill Hotel; Firth-avenue Hotel end Hoffman Hcuie.
CHICAGO NEVA* STANDS:
• Sherman Hcuie; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Tremont House; Auditorium Hotel: Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROG^KSS Mnrqoette Building
iLorc Distance Telephone. "Central 2619.")
KEW TORK P.EPRESENTATTVE:
STEriIE>" D. SMITH SO Tribune BatltllnfC
DRAXCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner cf Clay, open
cetll 6 So o'clock. S00 Hayes. op»n until 9:30 o'clock. 833
McAUicter, open until 8:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln, open until
«:Su o'clock. 1&41 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2361
¦ ' Market, corner sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1OU6 Va-
lencia. cr<en BStU 0 o'clock. 104 Eleventh, open until 9
t c'.otk. NE. icrntr Church an<l Duncan streets, open
BStfl '•> e'eiotk. NW. ccrner Twenty-second and Kentucky,
cr«n ur.til a o'clock. V200 Flllmore. open until 9 o'clock.
CHURCH FAIR
WILL CHARM
IN SAN JOSE
NOTED PLAYER
ENTERTAINED BY
SOROSIS CLUB
ZIONISTS MAKE
A CANVASS OF
NEW YORK CITY
Three candidates for the office are in the field, but
it is well understood the fight is really between' but
two of them, Henry J. Crocker, the Republican can
didate, who represents the conservatism of the com
munity, and Eugene E. Schmitz, who represents
Abe Ruef and Abe Ruef's ambitions. Another term,
of Schmitz would see the organization of an adminis
trative machine more powerful than Tammany, and
the bosses who arc back of him would have a control
of the interests of so large a class of the people as
to give them an almost tyrannic power in the com
munity. That is a menace that has to be faced when
ever consideration is given to the serious phases of
the campaign. It should be borne in mind by every
voter. Conservative citizens and taxpayers cannot
afford to take chances of two years more of Schmitz
and Ruef.
addition the Department of Public Health has power
to harass every householder and to seriously inter
fere with his enjoyment of his property.
At the time the charter was under consideration
the danger of placing such large powers in the hands
of the Mayor was fully discussed, the advocates of the
plan arguing that the very fact of having such an au
tocratic Mayor would lead to the selection of good
men for the office, since the people would not dare to
elect an unscrupulous man, no: the creature of such
men, to the office. The argument found favor with
the people, the charter was adopted, and now we have
to confront the issue of electing the right man.
Of the enormous variety of production in this win
terless land the bankers will see examples in their
visit to-day to the State Board of Trade. They will
learn that the continuity of crops and harvests is
here unbroken. Every <iay in the year we are gath
ering the products of the soil for market. We are
extending our fields, gardens, vineyards and orchards,
and can respond to any present or future demand for
their products, either from our hinterland in our own
country or from far Asia.
Having observed the basis of what we have done
and of what we will do in the future, we expect the
Eastern bankers hereafter to believe their brethren
from San Francisco when they say with the apostle,
"We come from no mean city."
commerce.
Since California became American territory the
process of opening China to external trade was begun
in earnest. Our commerce with that country had its
beginning in the immigration of Chinese here. It
was, after all, a limited immigration, and during the
whole period that it was free and unrestrained less
than three hundred thousand Chinese came here. But
during the same period millions of Europeans flocked
to the Atlantic seaboard, stocking the Eastern States
with an assimilating population. But small as our
Chinese population was it was sufficient to establish
commercial relation's with that empire and to fix
among us Chinese merchants as factors of our
products who know the wants of their own people,
and Chinese bankers who are probably as expert in
the science of banking as any of the gentlemen in the
American Association of Bankers. The commercial
relations of this city and coast have survived the
strain of excluding Chinese immigration, and we are
still in relations of good understanding with that best
nation of workers in all Asia, in whose expanding
wants we must look for the expansion of our com
merce.
The next commercial opportunity that interests us
is offered by Japan. Yet how recent is the opening
of that empire to trade! The bankers will find here
Japanese commercial houses and banks and news
papers, but less than fifty years ago the Japanese were
unknown to us and we to them. The first Japanese*
ever seen on this coast were a few castaway sailors,
who survived the wreck of a junk and were found by
a hitherbound vessel floating on wreckage in the Pa
cific. We did not know what they were. Had they
been men from Mars they could not have been more
strange to us.
These things illustrate the extreme newness of our
relations to that part of the world, to which we must
look for trade as the East looks to Europe, and what
we have done here must be judged in the light of the
brief perspective of our commerce and finance.
When it is so considered, our visitors will certainly
appreciate the industry with which we have cultivated
our opportunity. At the moment when Thomas H.
Benton, standing on the steps of the Courthouse in
St. Louis, pointed westward and exclaimed, "It is the
East; it is India," much of the territory traversed by
our visitors to come to us was as unknown as to its
topography, geography and resources as the unex
plored parts of Africa are to-day. Yet there are men
still living who heard Benton declare that over that
territory was the road to India.
As these gentlemen explore our land they will be
impressed that they have come into another world,
into a region physically the antipodes and antithesis
of that they know. As they find our weather now,
so thejj would find it in December, January and all
the months between the winter and summer solstice,
unbroken, except by the early rains which give our
January landscape the verdure and flowers of the
Eastern June, and by the latter rains that baptize our
land with the final fertility that assures the harvest to
follow seedtime.
Our financial history is of special interest to them.
During all the suspension of specie payments, in the
Civil War period, when the legal tender quality passed
by law from coin to currency, we maintained gold as
our standard of value, our legal tender and our com
mon currency. It was the only case of the kind in the j
world's history. No use now to discuss its wisdom.
We did it, and it is one of the most stupendous facts
in all the romantic story of finance. Even now they
find gold in circulation everywhere. We mine it in
our ledges and placers, and we coin and handle it,
hoard and invest it, as the common money of the
people. The economic effect is everywhere notice
able. Paying wages in gold eagles induces labor to
be thrifty. It seems such concrete property that a
workingman no more squanders it than his house,
and his surplus earnings, in gold coin, go to the
savings bank or into some interest-bearing invest
ment.
THE meeting of the National Association of
Bankers in San Francisco is the first great
gathering of business men of the Union at a
Pacific Coast point. We have had many national
bodies of benevolent, patribtic and professional or
ganizations, but now come the bankers to transact
the annual business of their association and to look
out upon the Pacific, most of them for the first time
seeing that great ocean across whose waters is to
come a commerce that will equalize the material con
ditions of this coast with those of the Atlantic sea
board, which had centuries the start of us, because
it faces Europe as the source of immigration and
THE VISllING BANKERS.
THE SAN FBANCISCO. CALL, TUESDAY, -.OCTOBER 20, 1903.
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men ' by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1M2.' *
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candles, 60c; a pound. ; In artistic nre
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 716 Market st.. above Call bid*. •
Tillman, given his life by a jury's judgment, says
he regrets deeply the death of Gonzales. So do v many
thousands of Americans who wished to see punished
the man who took Gonzales' life. In some affairs of
life regrets arc among the things that had best be left
unsaid
Several negroes, prosperous, industrious, doing no
harm and puilty of no offense except good citizen
ship, thrift and honesty, were tortured to death a few
'!ayf ago by frenzied mobs in Texas. And yet with
this blister on our civilization we care to concern our
fclves with the horrors perpetrated upon the unfor
tunate victims of other peoples of the earth.
PRESCOTT. Ariz.. Oct. 19.— General
Russell A. Aiger. former Secretary of
War, and Cornelius N. Bliss, former Secre
tary of the Interior, left here to-day for
Los Angeles after a visit in the territory
extending from the Mexican line on the
south to the Santa J Fe Railroad on the
north. General Alger has extensive In
terests In Arizona,
Former Cabinet Officers Traveling.
>In order that he may learn the amount of work
done by each letter carrier of Stockton and justly
regulate inequalities the postmaster of that city has
turned carrier and is serving each route in turn him
self. The experiment is novel and interesting. It
proves that there is at least one officeholder in Cali
fornia who does not look upon the acquisition of a
snap as a triumph of conscience.
6
How the Evil One Came to Be Popu-
larly Known as "The Old Scratch."
One of the many familiar names of his
satanic majesty Is "The Old Scratch."
It is undoubtedly due to the fact that
scratching Is so disagreeable that people
thought it no worse than the evil one.
A scalp full of dandruff keeps one
scratching all the time; not only dis-
agreeable, but considered very inelegant
In polite society— as It should b*— because
one ought to keep the scalp so clean that
it would not itch. To cure the scalp of
dandruff effectively use Xewhro'a Herplctde. It
kills the germ that creates th« dandruff which
Is preliminary to falltns hair, and final l'y bald-
2*"^ ~° o:her . I J> »"' Preparation kills th«
dandruff rerm. Herptcide also l.<i a very de-
UKhtful and effective hair dressing. SoUl by
leading druggists. Send 10c In stampi for
sample to Tha Herplclde Co.. Detroit. Mich
"THE OLD SCRATCH."
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
Always .Remember the Fan JNamo
H Jjromo QT^mns
Cures aCoM in One Day, Grfpln 2 Days
w. S/rjCfirmsi** box ssoThe sale of seats for the four concerts
to be given next week at the Alhambra
Theater by Duss and the New York
Metropolitan Opera-house Orchestra, with
Nordica, Fisk and Franko as soloists, be
gins to-morrow morning at Sherman. Clay
& co.'« . -^•WBBBBBBSBBaBSat,
Nordica Will Sing.
Orpheum.
The Orpheum programme this . week
contains numerous exceptionally . clever
novelties.
California.
"In Old Kentucky" remains at the Cali
fornia Th«ater all this week.
Grand Opera-House.
"The Christian" is the bill at the Grand
Opera-house this week, j
The bill at Fischer's Theater this week
is the musical comedy, "The Paradera."
The programme for the eleventh annual
benefit in aid of the charity fund of San
Francisco Lodge No. 21, Theatrical Me
chanical Association, to take place at the
Alhaxnbra next Friday afternoon at 2
o'clock sharp, was completed yesterday.
The committee had a difficult though
pleasing task,' for there was any amount
of talent volunteering to help out the
"men behind the scenes" that, if taken
In Its entirety, would have provided a
continuous performance lasting from noon
till midnight. Sixteen of the best acts
were selected and no encores will be al
lowed. 'The sale of seats began at -the
box office of the theater yesterday with a
large demand.
Theatrical Benefit.
Clyde Fitch's famous comedy drama,
"The Cowboy and the Lady," was pre
sented with great success at the Alcazar
last night. Play and players were ap
plauded without stint by an audience
which crowded the little theater to Its
doors. The author has made a curious
but in this case happy combination of
tragedy and comedy. There Is life and
action in every line of the piece.
The scene Is laid in Colorado. The cow
boy of the title is a Harvard graduate,
who, while in search of a taste of fron
tier life, falls In love with the talented
and beautiful wife of «. villainous profli
gate. The latter is murdered by a Jeal
ous halfbreed and the hero Is tried and
convicted on the Btrength of circumstan
tial evidence.
Then there Is a court scene, In which
the Judge Is about to pronounce the death
sentence when the inamorata of the real
murderer attempts to tell the true story
of the crime and 1b shot by the half
breed. It is announced that the woman
is dead and the double murderer con
fesses. The hero and the heroine fall
Into each other's arms and attending cow
boys cheer wildly. Another love affair of
minor ¦ importance also terminates hap
pily. Thus two romances and two mur
ders can be had for the Bingle price of ad
mission.
James Durkin, as Teddy North, was the
favorite of the audience. He was so
funny most of the time that his bearers
found It difficult to take his occasional
agonizlngs seriously. Adele Block, In the
part of the heroine, was very charming.
She combines talent and beauty. Frances
Starr played the tomboy to perfection.
Marie Howe and Fred J. Butler did splen
didly with the leading humorous roles.
Howard Scott really awoke the resent
ment of the audience, eo well did he play
the double-deep-dyed villain. The others
Alcazar.
The Freeze brothers, capital clog danc
ers and who spin thirty-two tambourines
at the same ¦ time, made a great hit at
both performances at the Chutes yester
day. The Yerxas, two clever contortion
ists, were also new and tied themselves
into all kinds of seemingly inextricable
knots. Track and Rogers, the black face
singing and dancing comedians, presented
a new specialty, Mabel Lamson, the
pleasing contralto, was heard in new il
lustrated songs, and Allan Wight man
continued "his clay modeling and pastel
painting performance. John Tierney, the
"Modern Irishman," In a change of songs
and parodies, and the animatoscope.
showing many amusing moving pictures,
completed the programme. The amateurs
will appear on Thursday night.
Chutes.
Unfortunate Mlmf and her love for the
ardent Rudolph. Painter Marcel and his
little tiffs with Musette and the unselfish
friendship of Collini and Schaunard were
told In song with true Latin fervor last
nljsrht by the Tivoli favorites. Signorina
Tina de Spada, the Miml of the cast, was
in her 1 best voice, her duet in the third
act with Rudolph (Alfredo Tedeschi) be
injr well worthy of the encores and re
calls it received. This was one of the
most effective scenes in the opera and
the delighted audience would not be satis
fled until the favorites came before the
curtain three times and bowed their
thanks. The audience was not of the
demonstrative kind and was disposed £0
stand upon its dignitv. but as the music
warmrd up the ice melted and the house
in sentiment became as fervidly Latin as
the stase.
Tedeschi was in jrood voic© and was
rewarded with several rounds of applause
for his most venturesome flights in the
upper register. His acting had the ap
propriate glow of the Quartier Latin and
Tivoli.
Frank McCaffrey, a tinner residing at
131 Casselli avenue, fell yesterday from
a window of a house" on Eureka street
upon which he was working. In his de
scent he caught a protruding gutter pipe
which broke the force of his fall. He
escaped with a series of lacerated wounds
about the head and face, which were
treated at the Central Emergency Hos
pital.
Tinner Falls From Window.
The Finance Committee of the Board
of Supervisors held a conference yester
day with Judges Trout, Coffey and Mu
rasky.
* The object of the meetinar was to discuss
ways and means to collect the unpaid fees
from attorneys, estates and others that
should have accrued to the Drobate de
partment of the County Clerk's office. A
further discussion will be held during the
coming week.
Discuss Ways to Collect Fees.
There was a deal of whispering among
the ladles of the audience when the hero
ine appeared In court immediately after
the sudden death of her husband gor
geously arrayed In multi-colored silks, but
otherwise the costumes were appropriate
and elaborate as well. The stage settings
were also unusually fine.
Health Officer O'Brien ordered warrants
issued yesterday for the arrest of F.
Uebner. a baker at 800 Greenwich street;
John Doleger, a grocer at 1426 Taylor
street; W. T. Crowe, who keeps a restau
rant at 506 Twentieth street, and William
Smale. a restaurant owner at 502 Twen
tieth street, on charges of serving milk
below standard. They had all previously
been warned to Improve the character of
the milk they were serving, but, it. Is
alleged, they did not heed the advice and
now they must stand trial.
of the cast contributed much to the suc
cess of the production.
Their Arrest Is Ordered.
The Central Theater played one ct Its
strongest melodramatic cards last night
in "Ranch 10." As the name implies, the
piece depicts life on the frontier of the
nation. It furnishes an idea of strenuous
cowboy existence and of the unstrained
quality of Justice that was dealt out In
"wild West" days.
The house was crowded and "Ranch 10"
was enjoyed thoroughly and- enthusias
tically from beginning to end. There Is a
strong fascination about this melodrama,
the interest Is kept keenly alive and there
is not a dull moment In the four acts.
The mystery of the slaying of an Indian
girl, the false accusation and the appeal
to the lynchers; the blowing up of the
stockade, the burning of the ranch
house and the rescue of the heroine from
the flames is the kind of action that in
spires the gallery to "raise the roof." In
the third act there Is a snowstorm scene
that approaches realism about as near as
it is possible behind the footlights.
The closing act is a courtroom scene In
which L. R. Stockwell, in the humorous
character of Judge Prose, keeps the house
in paroxysms of laughter. "Ranch 10" is
cleverly cast. Herschel Mayall has a dual
role, that of the twin brothers, one of
whom, under circumstances of mistaken
identity, is tried for the other's alleged
crime. Mayall's work was superb. Eu
genia Thais Lawton, as the faithful and
self-sacrificing heroine, had the sympathy
of the audience throughout, and Georgie
Woodthorpe gave a clever character lm-
Dersonatlon as the independent old maid
owner of Ranch 10. Myrtle Vane was ex
cellent in the role of the Indian girl, and
Anita Fallon filled the bill ab the woman
from Tlpperary.
Henry Shumer, as the potent political
doctor, was in excellent trim and earned
the applause of the galleries for a change,
while George Webster, as Portuguese Joe.
the villain, was all the ungrateful role
called for and got the benefit of the
hlssfs. George Nicholls and Walter
Whipple made the most of minor parts.
"Ranch 10" is an immense hit, and cur
tain calls and flowers attested how the
strong old border drama captured tEe
house.
Central.
Deeds were filed yesterday In the He*
corder's office transferring all right, title
and interest of every character In the
Pacific Gas Improvement Company and
also in the Equitable Gas Light Company
to the San Francisco Gas and Electric
Company. The deed of the Pacific Gas
Company was a most voluminous docu
ment. Besides specifically enumerating
all the properties and plants of the com
pany It included the signature of every
stockholder in that concern, releasing his
or her interest. This represented 35,000
shares all told. The same detail was
followed In the case of the Equitable Gas
Company, the stockholders releasing
35,910 shares.
Gas Company Has Control.
The Columbia Minstrel Company gave
an entertainment last evening at Native
Sons' Hall for the benefit of Mission
Dolores Church. The entertainment was
given under the auspices of the Young
J-adles' Sodality and was well attended.
The stage was set to represent the deck
of the United States cruiser California,
and with the exception of the two end
men, the members of the company were
dressed as jack tars!
COLUMBIA MINSTRELS
GIVE ENTERTAINMENT
His Grace, Archbishop Montgomery,
and members of the League of the Cross
Cadets met last night at the headquarters
of the league, 10S Grove street, for the
purpose of honoring the retiring presi
dent. Dr. R. T. Bowdall, who resigned
his post because of his approaching de
parture from San Francisco to follow
the practice of his profession at Crescent
City. •
Addresses in praise of the doctor were
delivered by Archbishop Montgomery,
the Rev. Father O'Ryan and Colonel M.
Powers, and a handsome pair of diamond
studded cuff buttons, appropriately en
graved, were presented to the guest of
the evening by Father O'Ryan on behalf
of the members of the league. Resolu
tions of appreciation and respect were
framed by the league officers and pre
sented to Dr. Bowdall by Colonel Powers.
Before the gathering dispersed the
doctor was given three hearty cheers.
Tribute to Dr. R. T.
Bowdall.
League of the Cross Cadets Fay High
RETIRING PRESIDENT IS
HONORED BT COMRADES
he was a favorite from the start to the
finish. His voice was well under control
and he sang with a delicacy of shading
that more than gratified his admirers.
The Marcel of Domenico Borghese was as
thoroughly Bohemian as the most exact
ing could wish and the character was
personated with Just enough of swagger
and nonchalance to render It naturally
piquant. Borghese has a fine voice, that
is heard to equally good advantage In
solos and choruses, possessing a rare lyric
quality, mellowness and reserve. Augusto
Dado, the deservedly favorite basso, has
not so much to do In the character of
Colllni as the audience would wish, but
what there was was done well and with
that rounded sweetness In which Dado
excels^ — a quality very rare with the ma
jority of bassos. His acting of the part
was in the proper vein— happy and jaunty.
SIgnora Tromben exhibited admirable
qualities as an operatic soubrette In the
role of Mu6ette. She was as snappish
and as playfully wicked as it was possible
for a Musette to be and shared equally
in popularity with De Spada. Signor
Giulio Cortesl did double work, taking the
<>ual role of Benolt and the amorous Alcl
doro. The opera is well mounted and
scened. One of the most enjoyable feat
ures of the opera is the splendid work of
the orchestra under SteindorfTs brilliant
leadership.
Duke was 21 years of age and had been
working at the San Ricardo vineyard
three weeks, having come there from Tu
lare.
Afterward It was discovered he had
broken his back in the fall. His friends
called to him to get away from the burn
ing building, but got no answer, and the
flames were raging too flrecely about him
for them to come to his rescue.* When at
last the body was dragged out of the
heat It was found to be literally cooked to
pieces.
FRESNO, Oct. 19.— James A. Duke, an
engineer employed at the San Rlcardo
vineyard, five miles northeast of this city,
was burned to death this morning in
plain view of a score of fellow workmen,
who were powerless to lend him any aid.
Duke, with eight other employes of the
vineyard, slept in a two-story bunkhouee,
two of the men occupying the lower floor.
At 2:30 o'clock this morning one of the
men below awoke and discovered that
the building was on fire. He gave the
alarm at once, but so rapidly did the
flames spread that the men above barely
had time to get out.
Duke and George Kelly were the last
ones to awaken and when they groped
their way through the smoke to the head
of the stairs they found the stairway a
seething mass of flames and escape by
that means impossible. Kelly ran to the
window and jumped to the earth. He was
already seriously burned, but was unhurt
by the fall and soon crawled to safety.
Duke followed him, but in jumping caught
his foot and tumbled headlong to the
ground, lighting on his back.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Miss Ellen Burg of the supporting com
pany, who is the Hope Langham of the
cast, is a clever and charming young
woman. She gives the young American
girl with delightful piquancy and looks
charmingly girlish. Harry Harwood fur
nishes a splendid bit of character work
as MacWilliams, and shared honors with
the star right along the line. Taylor
Holmes was the filibuster Captain Burke,
another entirely satisfying assumption,
and Edwin Brandt realized 'the part of
the rebelling General Mendoza with bril
liant success. Then Miss Dorothy Ten
nant pleases and looks the Harding Davis.
Gibson very charmingly. The whole cast
is indeed throughout thoroughly Intelli
gent and competent. The settings again
are all that could be desired.
BLANTCHE PARTINGTOX.
Perhaps the best service the "Soldiers
of Fortune" has done so far is the in
troduction here of Robert Edeson and
his company, as capable actor and com
pany as have been seen here for many
days. American comedy need fear no lack
of a leading exponent while Mr. Edeson
is in evidence. Most, perhaps, of Nat
Goodwin Mr. Edeson reminds. There is
the same human, quiet, finished method;
the same delicacy of light and Phade, the
same capacity of pathos, the same lurk
ing drollery. Mr. Edeson presents a hero
in Robert Clay that realizes the best
ideal of Americanism on all sides. He
looks the part admirably; his facial ex
pression is vividly sympathetic, and he
has a most useTul vocal gift. Altogether
the actor is already of the best contem
porary comedians and will be of the
greatest.
Quite as plausible as Mr. Davis' book is
Mr. Thomas" play, and very much Thomas
to boot. The deft, splashing and pictur
esque—chromo. lithographic quality, if
you like— of the playwright's touch is
here In most familiar evidence. With
Robert Clay, American civil engineer, and
hero of a two-penny revolution In South
America, Mr. Thomas goes gunning as
happily as he does with the hero of
"Arizona." in so far as Mr. Davis per
mits. But there are times. Ona of them
is where the hero holds his murdered
friend to his, bosom and makes a long
speech to the foreign gentlemen who have
shot him. white they listen as respectfully
as If they were at an blandian primary.
Curtain. The rise of this curtain (Act III)
to rapturous applause discloses the hero
with his murdered friend tucked in his
arms, mother and child fashion. The
next curtain finds the M. P". thrown over
a table and the next probably dropped
into the icebox, for he has disappeared.
Small inconsistencies like these, how
ever, do not prevent "Soldiers of For
tune" from furnishing a lively evening's
amusement, and the first two acts are
wholly free from them. Author and play
wright both have succeeded in present
ing in the hero a notable type of Ameri
can, clean, gritty, human, capable and
eminently Interesting. Besides him there
are several cleanly drawn types, admir
ably contrasted, and brought Into a series
of situations that keep the attention If
they do not always convince. Indeed, but
for a sometimes too serious touch. Mr.
Thomas has succeeded in getting almost
the charming fantastic atmosphere of
Captain Marshall's delicious farce. "His
Excellency, the Governor." With the ex
ception that the playwright does not in
sist on the love of Clay for the elder Misa
I^angham In ' the first instance— whereat
the play loses strength— the story is pret
ty closely adhered to. And the lines are
delightful.
Something possibly, probably much, of
the warmth of the reception accorded
to "Soldiers of Fortune" depends on the
temper of the audience, for its sins are
doubtless many. Last night they were
freely forgiven it for the sake of its joy
ful virtues, and because, pardie, the au
dience was in the humor on't.
Thcr? are all sorts of moments but the
dull one in "Soldiers of Fortune," given
for the first time here last night at the
Columbia, the producing person and per
sons being Robert Edeson and an excel
lent company.
Richard Harding Davis, who made the
book, is happy in the collaboration of
Augustus Thomas, who made the play. It
is the kind of thing Mr. Thomas revels
In— here positively wallows in— and the
audience lart night reveled its hardest,
too.
Dr. and Mrs. Sturge were both deeply
touched by the gift, and responded by
thanking their friends for their fidelity
and telling them they always had friends
In himself and his wife.
After the speeches Mrs. E. de los Magee
sang a solo, and K. Uyeno, Consul to hla
Imperial Japanese Majesty, presented
Dr. and Mrs. Sturge with a check for
$1000 on behalf of the Japanese Vesldents
of the coast.
Each speaker warmly praised the good
work accomplished by Dr. and Mrs.
Sturge, both of whom are loved by the
Japanese.
Others who spoke were: The Rev. M. C.
Harris, D. D., general superintendent
Japanese M. E. Mission, who spoke both
in English and In Japanese; the Rev. I.
M. Condit, D. D., ex-general superintend
ent Presbyterian Chinese Mission; the
Rev. John Hemphlll. moderator of the
Presbytery of San Francisco; the Rev.
Thomas Marshall, field secretary of the
Board of Foreign Missions of New York;
the Rev. "William K. Guthrie of the First
Presbyterian Church; the Rev. W. H.
Landon, professor of the San Francisco
Theological Seminary, and the Rev. E. E.
Baker of the First Presbyterian Church
of Oakland.
The celebration, under the auspices of
the Presbyterian Japanese Missions, was
held in Golden Gate Hall, and the assem
bly, composed mostly of Japanese, num
bered 900 or 1000 people.
Streamers of red and white bunting,
the Japanese colors, hung from the center
of the ceiling and extended to either side
of the balcony, and the walls and chan
deliers were covered with ferns and
sprays of smllax. The stage, which was
artistically decorated, was strewn with
large clusters of chrysanthemums and
flags. v. •
The evening was opened by a hymn and
scripture reading, after which speeches
were made "by several prominent Japan
ese missionaries.
Dr. Sturge and his wife, who for the
last fifteen years have devoted their lives
to missionary work among the Japanese
people on the Pacific Coast, were the
guests of honor last evening at a large
gathering in celebration of the fifteenth
anniversary of their connection with the
work.
Al Neill. the middle-weight boxer. Is
not under the weather, as was reported
in an evening paper. He Is in perfect
shape and will box the "Dixie Xid" to
night in Oakland. The battle will come
off before the Seauoia Club. A large
crowd will go over from this side.
Frankte Nell is back from Los Angeles
and has lots of nice things. to say about
his late opponent, Johnnie Regan. ' He
thinks Regan is the best man he has
ever been against. He believes him su
perior to Harry Forbes in every depart
ment of the game. Neil would* like to
get a light with Benny Jordan, the En
glish champion, who is being Imported
by the Hayes Valley Athletic Club to
battle with Young Corbett in December
next. Neil is also willing to go against
Regan in this city. The San Francisco
Athletic Club may match Nell and Re
gan, Turner and Seiger for the latter
part of this month. If this quartet of
boxers were to meet the same night the
Mechanics' Pavilion would be crowded.
Local ring-goers are anxious to see Nell
and Regan battle.
Rufe Turner, the colored boxer, will
reach town to-day and will sign to fight
Seiger if Britt is unable to keep the en
gagement. Seiger is doing light work at
Sheehan's for a battle this month.
Mike Sheehan, the proprietor of the
training quarters on the beach, intends
to erect a big handball court In order
that Fitzsimmons may train for Gardner.
The court will be used for boxing and
exercising by the men who train for
"goes."
Physicians will examine Jimmy Brltt's
foot to-day and If they say Britt can go
Into training the San Francisco Club will
match him to light Sieger the latter part
of this month. If Britt cannot go on
Manager Greggalns intends to match
Rufe Turner against the "iron man."
While the club prefers Britt and Seiger
it feels that It cannot take chances of
losing the October date. Britt Is able to
get around and is anxious to take Seiger
on. Great interest attaches In the match
and ring-goers are anxious to see it come
off. Seiger mad? 132% pounds last Friday
night and was strong. Britt also made
the weight.
Bills of Tivoli, Alcazar and
Central Furnish
Pleasure
Al Neill to Meet "Dixie Kid"
in. Oakland To-Night.
Ring*Gos3ip.
Enthusiastic Supporters Pre
sent the Couple With
Jumps From Building, Break
ing His Back and Then
Perishes.
Japanese Praise Work
x of Dr. Sturge and «**
His Wife.
Terrible Fate of an En
gineer on a Fresno
Vineyard.
"Soldiers of Fortune"
Well Received at
Columbia.
Will Decide To-Day if
He Can Fight This
Month.
WARMLY GREET
MISSIONARIES
DULL MOMENTS
NOT IN THE PLAY
COMRADES SEE
HIM DIE IN FIRE
BRITT HAS CLUB
MEN GUESSING
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 20. 1903.
7
AD VEBTISEMENTS.
O77ZCE 1004 MAKTET STBEET,
Xie&r Powell
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Your laundry bundles don't truet to luck
that they'll reach us safely. Telephone
us, call South K\%, and our collection ser-
vice will make us atone for your forget-
fulness.
You'll find the excellence of our work a
powerful memory cultivator becauso of
Its excellence.
No saw edges.
IF YOU'VE FORGOTTEN
AMUSEMENTS.
iwousosiT
NOTE— Performances being at 8 sharp, Sat-
urday Matinee at 2 sharp.
TO-JTIQHT
THE GREAT VERDI NIGHT.
Selections from "Aida," "Nabucco,"
"La Traviata," "Forza del Destino,"
"Ernani," "II Trovatore," "Rigoletto."
Wednesday. Friday and Saturday Nights,
"LA BOHEME."
Thursday and Sunday Niphts, Saturday Matinee.
"ANDRE CHENIER."
PRICES ALWAYS THE SAME— 25e. 50c, 75c.
Telephone Bush 0.
IfAblFQRNiiV
51 I MORE POPULAR If^
1 THAN EVER. 15 V
IIN OLD
KENTUCKY.
QFF- * n * Funny Pickaninnies.
Ol-L_.....th'e Realistic Horse Race.
SPECIAL— Friday night, dancin* con-
test for coast championship and purse.
Pickaninny championi against a U comers.
0QBB Sunday. Mason and Mason in . v,--,
lg a! "Rudolph and Adclph." iw^m
IIhelatru
l#UI»UIwlS$ 1« IEAC1SS THEATS
PRONOUNCED SUCCESS OF STAR,
COMPANY AND PLAY.
Every Nicht, Including Sunday.
MATINEES SATURDAY ONLY.
Initial Appearance Here of
Robert Edeson
(Management Henry B. Harris.)
In Richard Harding Davis*
SOLDIERS OF FORTUNE.
Stage Version by Augustus Thoma*.
Third Year of Its Popularity.
Market Street. Near Eighth— Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Meredith's Famous Border Drama,
"FtMNCH 1O"
The Distinguished Actor,
TU. R. STOCK. WELL
In the Great Comedy Role of JUDGE PROSE.
All the Central Favorite* In the Cast.
SEE Battle for Life in the Snow. The Bliz-
zard in the Rocky Mountains. The Cowboys'
Lynching Party. The Frontier Judge and
His Court. The Thrilling Conflagration Scene.
Gorgeous Scenery and Stage Effects.
DDirEC Evenings 10c to 60c
rKIWCd Matinees... 10c, 15c, 25c
Week of October 26, Mammoth Production
Of "UNCLE TOM'S CABIN."
j THINK OF IT. WISE ONE&
Three Weeks of
I THE PAKADERS |
And Crowded Nightly.
Our "All Star" Cast. Including:
KOLB AND DILL,
BARNEY BERNARD.
WINFIELD BLAKE.
HARRY HERMSEN.
MAUDE AMBER.
. " , GEORGIA ORAMET.
RESERVED SEATS — Nights. 25c. 50c and
75c; Saturday and Sunday Matinee*. 25c and
50c: Children at Matinees, 10c and 25c.
NEXT— "RUBES AND ROSES."
A T r« A 7" A f»Bel*JCO A Mayer.
ALCAZAR ivmss.
General Manager.
"THE BEST STOCK COMPANY
EVER AT THE ALCAZAR"-— CALL.
TO-NIGHT— THIS WEEK ONLY.
ANOTHER SPLENDID PRODUCTION.
f**\ THE -^C5F-
n( * T A T^ V CIyl * TiUVi
The JLjXtLJ-/ X Cemrdy-Drana
Evk-. 25c to 75c: Mats. Sat. & Sun.. 15c to 50c
Next Monday — The Drama of Romance,
UNDER THE RED ROBE.
(* j
AMUSEMENTS.
Matinees Thursday and Saturday.
A GREAT SUCCESS.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THE WEEK. J
THE
CHRISTIAN
CATEHIKE C0UHTIS3 AS (K.0R7 QTTATZ.S
ASA LE2 WILLAHD AS J03N STOBM
And a Specially Selected New York Company.
PRICES— Evenings 15c 25c. 5Oc. 73«
Matinees .".15c. 23c. 500
Btginsing Kezt 3sait7 Katn:t ths Maiisil tun
Coasdy "iPOTuUJ TGW.I."
GRAND ggggj
Four Weeks — N0VEMBE3 2d to 2816.
Matirees Wed. and Each We*«k.
SALE OF SEATS OPENS
THURSDAY, October 29, at 9 a. m.
KLAW & ERLANGER'S
Stupendous Production of General \Vallae«'S
BEN HUR
Dramatized by William Tount
Music by Edgar Sttllman Kelley.
S30 — Persons in Production— 350
No seats laid aside before opening sale.
PRICES— 42. $1 50. »l and i3c.
Country and Suburban mail orders with r»«
mittances filled in order received after sal»
opens.
SALE OPENS
To=Morrow, Wednesday, for
DUSS and NORDIGA
FISK AND FRANKO.
WITH METROPOLITAN OPERA-HOUSE
SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA.
Full particulars at Box Office, Sher-
man, Clay & Co.
RESERVED SEATS — $."5. $2.- $1: Box Seat*.
$3 50 and $4. ••Pop" Matinee— 50c.
75c. $1. $1 50 and $2.
IX OAKLAND WEDNESDAY. Oct. 2S (Eve.)
WITH NORDICA.
NEXT— ELLERY'S ROYAL. ITALIAN BAND.
A VAUDEVILLE CARNIVAL
Waterbury Brothers and Tenney;
Whistling Tom Browne; Herbert
Lloyd, Assisted by Lillian LiN
yan; Colombino; Sisters Kappo;
Three Crane Brothers; Wallace
Brownlow; A. P. Kostow; Golden
Gate Quartet and Fanny Winfred
and New Motion Pictures.
Reserved Seats 25c'Balcony IOo
Box Seat* and Opera Chairs v ...5Oe
A GREAT SHOW EVERY AFTERNOOJ*
AND EVENING IN THE THEATER.
DON'T FAIL. TO SEE THE COLORED BABY
IN THE INFANT INCUBATOR.
Lion Slaying Baboon in the Zoo.
LOTS OF FUN IN THE PENNY ARCADE
AMATEUR NIGHT T3CT7BSDAY.
ADMISSION, 10c: CHILDREN. 8e.
When Phoning Ask for "The Chotf ¦" ¦
LYRIC HALL,
119 EDDY STREET.
Otto Spamer
VIOLINIST.
TWO CONCERTS.
WEXttrESDAY, Oc? 31, S p. m.
SATURDAY (Matinee), Oct. 24, 3 p. m.
Assisted by
UBS. M. XL BIASCHABD,
MSS. X.. S3TTDE3 JOHSTSOST and
IKS. PEEDEBIOK SIAUBEB.
Prices of Seats— 50c. $1. $1 50. At Kohler &
Chase'* new «tor», corner Kearny and Post gU.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy, uives heaith ami
strength to sexual organ*. Depot. 353 Mtrfcrt.
AD VEBTISEMENTS.
AI VEBTISEMENTS.
Arc Kept Off the
Operating Ttblc by
Electro-chemistry.
. *"¦¦' > ¦ ' '¦¦¦'. : '- \ %M&$gM
MRS. MARY KIVEST.
£22 Forty-fourth Street. Oakland.
"ilrs. Btvest says: "About one year ago I
•«k»s taken with a severe attack of rheumatism.
1 «as confined to my bed for five months My
left leg beearse raralyred and there was no
• circulation of Mood in It.
¦•¦My pfcysiciar.s were afraid of gangrene and
fdtised cultinK oS the leg. I don't believe I
•<_<wld have lived through the operation and be-
.iorrn mibmittinjir to it I decided to try the Elec-
" iro-C"h«>mie treatment. Electro-ChemiMry hat
• ured m»: it has kept me off the operating
ttble, and I am duly thankful and am glad to
make this public acknowledgment of my cure.*'
CONSULTATION ITfc i~ fi- '
and r &CF F
X-RAY EXAMINATION B IIt.fiL|_
'Specialties — Coasnmptien, Catarrh,
Bronchitis, AsUima, caacera, Tumors,
Deafness, Head and Ear Zfoises, Ehen- '
tnatlsm. Paralysis, ITeuralgla. Piles, Sis-
taiei oi tbe 6tomach, Liver, Kidneys and i
Bowels, Special Diseases of Men and !
Woaes. All Cbronic Diseases.
HOME TREATMENT— If you live at a dis-
tance, try to come for a personal examination, j
If vou can't come, write for instructions for i
heme examlr.ation and treatment.
ELECTRO'CHEMiC INSTITUTE,
118 GBATTT ATE, Cor. Post St,
SAN PBAXTCXSCO.
Office Hourr— 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. and 7 to S
r- rn. ilaily: Sundays, 10 a. m. to 1 p. m.
F*r«!"s!* anaituxats for ladies and gentlemen.
POLITICAL CAHDS.
For
Mayor
1
HENRY J. CROCKER |
Republican
Nominee
I
.!
!
I For Public Administrator |_j
William E. Lutz)
"~| Republican Nominee |
For Tax Collector
Edward J.
SMITH
(INCUMBENT.)
¦ Regular Republican Nominee
For Assessor :
1ASHIIT0IIDGE
Democratic Nominee.
For Sheriff
Peter J. Gurtis
¦-"halrman Street Committee of Present Board •
of Supervisor*.
Democratic Nominee
Lnlon Labor Party Nominee.
DIRECTORY
' OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mallei
on Application.
FRESH AND 8AXT MEATS.
JA3« DUILO g VU. CUy. Tel. Main 1294.
RUBRICATING OIL*; LKOXAUD tc ELLIS.
• 41» Front *t.. 6. F. Phone Main 171».
FKlirTXBO.
Lf HF'fiHFC PHINTER.
W. mUULO, Cll Sangcme »t.. S. F.
WEEeFcALL:
16 Pages. SI per Yean
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦company*
PfliflrP DON'T FAIL TO
I aiaWW 8ee the beautiful
£'V: '' "if COURT Lounging
flflfl room, the EMPIRE
aUU PARLOR, the
r 1 PALM ROOM, the
llf/lflU LOUIS XV PAR-
U 1 I DIES' WRITING
Hotels room.
Coal Reduction
American Cannel
Sold by All Reliable Dealers.
"Tllll ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ ¦!¦¦¦¦¦¦!¦ Hllll Illl t
)jj^j~j~~jjr!! ff For Infants and Children.
Kind You Have
i AIwbvs Bought
I wIliHiyHIMf^ IHv I\A.\I Clllvlx&v -^ Hit*""*"* ¦ J. 1 ¦¦mill £m
Ui^gthcStoiMtthsaridBawBlsor m jJG&rS'tllG m i
Promotes Digestion.Ch£erfur- M to \# •/ W#
ness and Rest.Conlains neither 5p n r ff- /f * jgf
Opium.Morphine nor>Iii\cral. T^j UI MX\WJ
~Nar c oti c . '$ oi \\ Cr*
JlKt&ofOUIlrSSKUELmQaR f J • \/\^*
PumplM Sad- » ~i ' 1 M •'
<4u»<fcwt* 1 :J * fist III
#£*gww.* J jfl l\ 111 & III
83§§Km: ) j| Jf» f " II*»J%
vSfV Hit li^P
Aperfecl Remedy forConstipa- *1 I \J \y WWU
Tion.SourStomach.Diarrhoca ffa I \kj
Worms .Convulsions .Feverish- la I jjr C#*i# Aibam
ru?ss and Loss of Sleep. jB \jf* fui UVBl
Tac Simile Signature oP j
<£#f?tz^ t\ Thirty Yparc
NEW YORK. H B II I I I y IDuld
THC ClflTAUW COMMNf, NCW VOHN Ci f r*After Williams reached Chicago both
starters corresponded with Brooks, agree
ing to come here, so Mulr takes it for
granted Williams offered no objection.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 19.— J. A. Muir,
who represents the Huntlngton Interests
at Ascot track, said this morning: that
Thomas H. Williams told him the Cali
fornia Jockey Club would offer no objec
tion to any racing dates the local associa
tion might claim, but that no understand
ing was had whereby the club here could
secure the services of Starters Holtman
and Dwyer.
Question of Services of Holtxnan and
Dwyer at Los Angeles
Elucidated.
MUIH MAKES STATEMENT
ABOUT THE STARTERS
Mason of San Francisco Re
ceives the Crown of
the King.
SAN MATEO, Oct. 19.— In the big la
crosse match game on Clark's polo
grounds in this city to-day, the Van
couver team from British Columbia over
came the Talagoos, champions of Cali
fornia, by a score of 9 to 7. This makes
the Vancouvers the undisputed cham
pions of the Pacific Coast and second
only to the Shamrocks of Montreal.
The victory was well earned, for the
home team was on its mettle and put up
an astonishingly good game. The su
perior training and constant practice of
Vancouver gave them an advantage over
the Talagoos, however, which could not
be overcome until near the close of the
game. The match was so even that it
was impossible to predict the score. Up
to the last quarter. It seemed that a- tie
would result, when Vancouver, on a sud
den spurt, scored two goals and the
game closed with .those two points to
their credit over the tally of their op
ponents. '
When the ball was faced by Suckling
of Vancouver It fell to Parts of the Tala
goos on a draw, who pa*sed it to "M.
Lyons, but it was relieve*, by the Van
couvers, who carried it swiftly to the
opposite goal, where It waft pooled by
Cao of Vanvouver In Just fifty-three sec
onds. It was a brilliant run and won
tremendous applause. Vancouver goaled
twice again In rapid succession, making
the score 3 to 0.- Then the Talagoos woke
up and took four straight goals, the first
by Paris being shot in forty-nine sec
onds and the grand stand went wild.
Succeeding goals were shot by Darrah,
Coutts, M. Lyons, M. J. Lyons and Degan
for the Talagoos; and Godfrey, Mclntler,
Cao, Matheson and Murray for Vancou
ver. It was a fairly good seesaw game
from the seventh to the fourteenth, but
was sufficiently entertaining nevertheless.
The sympathies of the audience were
plainly with the home team, which put
up a gallant defense. Little Coutts of the
home defense did splendid work and Barr
in the same post for Vancouver was not
less skillful, A. E. Suckling of Vancou
ver refereed the game, while Coats and
Wood served as umpires.
It is said that an exhibition game by
the best visiting and local players will
be given here next Sunday on account of
the superior grounds.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
the distinguished honor of king from the
greatest aggregation of sharpshooters
that ever faced a target and was crowned
king by Miss Minnie Ruhstaller. H13
fine score of 365 points is the best that
has been made for a long time. He was
closely followed by A. H. Pape, who was
only three points behind in the 2X) shots.
The contest on the honorary target waa
most remarkable for the great scores
that resulted from the efforts of the
marksmen. A. H. Pape of San Fran
cisco made 74 out of a possible 75. Otto
Bremer, Al Gehret and Jacob Gruhter
pressed him hard with 73 rings to their
credit.
The club gave a midday banquet, to
which all marksmen and the ladles pres
ent were Invited. Captain Frank Ruh
staller acted as toastmaster and intro
duced Philo Jacoby, Emil Schmidt, Will
iam Ehrenpfort, Frank E. Mason. D. B.
Faktor, Albert Elkus and Charles Thler
bach, all of whom made pleasant re
marks In reference to the value of
marksmanship as conducive to good citi
zenship.
The first bullseye in the morning was
made 'by Jacob Meyer of Sacramento:
first 25 by F. E. Mason of San Francisco;
last In ' the morning by A. H. Pape or.
San Francisco. The first bullseye in the
afternoon was won by Jacob Gruhter
and Emil Schmidt brought the festival
to a close by scoring a dead center just
before the targets went down at the end
of the day.
¦ The following are winners on the King
target: Frank E. Mason, 365 points; A.
H. Pape, 362; Jacob Gruhter, 341; A.
Strecker, 341; D. B. Faktor, 340; Al C.
Gehret, 335; F. C. Henderson. 316, with
N. Ahrens, H. Buergi and E. Schmidt
following in close' order.
Prizes on the honorary target were
won as follows:
Aug. Pape 74. Al Gehret 73. Otto Bremer 73.
Jacob Gruhter 73, F. E. Mason 72, D. B. Fak
tor 72. Max Kolander 72, C. M. Henderson 72
Aug. Jungblut 72, H. A. Vetter 72. A. Strecker
71. Captain F. Ruhstaller 71. M. F. Blasse 71.
Jacob Myer 70, Emil Schmidt 70, A. Hyncke
70, N. Ahrens 68, J. L. Utschls 68, Phllo Ja
coby C9. A. Heltman 69. A. Buergt 68. Charles
Thlerbach 6S, A. Ackennan 68, E. Myer KM.
Herman Strecker 67. Frank Zbere 67, H.
Scheunert 67, J. N. Phillips 6C. F. Newbert
66, G. Armstronr 66, Captain F. Kuhnle 6T».
F. Werten «5, Herman Huber 65, M. Imhorf
t5. J. W. Goetza 65. F. Dettllnc 63. H. F.
Miller 63. C. Oldag 63, A. Rahwyler 62. A.
Melster 62. D. H. Wykoff 62. Colonel Seymour
61, William Ebxenpfort 61, T. J. Carroll 61,
C. B. and Q. 61. Prizes for most points: A.
Strecker 509. F. E. Mason Ml. J. Gruhter 520.
A. Pape 469, B. Schmidt 387, A. Gehret 373.
D. B. Faktor 305, J. Myer 295, N. Ahrens 236,
Otto Bremer 205, H. Strecker 199. 1
Best sinKle ticket, A. H. Pape. Most red
flan. F. E. Mason.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 19i— The shooting
festival of the Sacramento Helvetia Rifle
Club wound up in a blaze of glory this
afternoon. The great competitions that
have been held in Zurich. Berne, Frauen
feld, Luzerne. Hamburg, Bremen, Berlin
and "Weimar In Europe and Union Hill.
N. T., have no scores to compare with
the remarkable work that has been done*"
by California riflemen. While it is true
five of the very best shots of the State
were in the keenest competition the
scores made have never been equaled at
any festival throughout the world. In
all more than 10,000 shots were fired.
Frank E. Maaon of San Francisco won
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Talagoos Team of California
Put3 Up a Rattling
Game.
Contests of Sacramento
Helvetia Rifle Club
Concluded.'
Coast Suprfmacy in La
crosse Decided at
San Mateo.
VANCOUVER WINS
A CHAMPIONSHIP
FESTIVAL ENDS
WITH BIG SCORES
MIGHTY CRESCEUS REDUCES WORLD'S TROTTING RECORD TO 1:59 3-4 IN RACE AGAINST TIME AT WICHITA
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 20,' 1903.
FALL RIVER, Mass.. Oct. 19— After
three months of idleness operations were
resumed atthe Stafford Cotton Mills to-'
day. The company operates three mills
and emDlovs nearly 1000' hands.
Cotton mills Resume Operations.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13.— The^ President
has accepted the resignation of Rear Ad
miral Bradford as chief of the Bureau of
Equipment, to take effect to-day. Cap
tain George A. Converse will take charge
Of the bureau to-morrow.
Accepts Bradford's Resignation.
Auditor Harry Baehr is in receipt of a
communication from D. V. Kuykendall,
Special * United States Census Agent, In
which the latter compliments Baehr on
his complete and comprehensive financial
report for the fiscal year 1902-1903, and
stating that the business system of t he
Auditor's office has greatly facilitated his
work as Census Asrent. . . .
Praises Financial Report.
Joseph Gulllan, 1254 Sixth avenue South,
complained .to -the police, late Sunday
night that he had been struck on the head
with a. chair by Jap Steward, 1307 Eighth
avenue South. Guillan was taken; to the
City and County Hospital for treatment.
A' search was made for Steward, but he
could not; be.; found. ]' Guillan -said he
would swear ' to ' a - warrant for Steward's
arreat. . V . - .....
Struck With a Chair.
, Overture, medley of popular airs; wrestling,
by members of the Olympic Club; selection,
Press, Club Quartet; comedy acrobatic act,
Messrs. Toohlg; song. Frank Rodolph; box-
Ins, members of tht Olympic Club; song. Ho
mer Henley; pyranids, members of the Olym
pic Club; swinglnr 'flre clubs, members of the
¦ ..< s
The Olympic Athletic Club will hold its
regular "ladles' night" this evening. It
will be given in honor of the visiting
bankers, who have been invited to attend
the entertainment and Inspect the splen
did institution. Leader John J. Gleason
has arranged the following excellent pro
gramme:
OLYMPIC CLUB TO ENTERTAIN.
James Brown, a painter, residing at 308
Sixth street, was kllled-by a fall from a
swinging scaffold on the exterior of a
building: on Fulton street, near Octavla,
yesterday afternoon. Brown's skull , was
fractured, four ribs . on the right side
broken and both collar bones fractured.
He died an hour after his arrival at the
Central Emergency Hospital.
Painter Killed by a Fall.
> .-From Los Angeles— H. M. Baker and
wife, at the Broadway Central; O. O.
Edwards, and wife, at the Holland; W.
L." Glfford, at the Astor; C..J. Heylei and
wife, at the Herald Square; Mrs. J.
Plgrie and Mrs. F. W. Wood, at the St.
Denis, and -T. F. Keefe, at the Navarre.
NEW YORK, Oct. 19.— The following
Calif ornians are in New York: From
San Francisco— H. J. Aders, R. K.
Browne. Miss Browne, K. F. Hoffman
and J. D. Hoffman, at the Hoffman; J. D.
COleman; at the Manhattan; W. P. Kirby,
at the Sinclair; J. C. Kirkpatrick, at the
Holland; Miss H. Saxe," A. Saxe, Dr. E.
H.. Smith , and wife, at the Jefferson,
Mrs.G. W.' Stewart, at the Navarre; A.
G. . Hawes, at the . Manhattan; D. . Mayer,
at ; the . Herald Square; M. Murphy and
wife., at the Gilsey, and E. Zun, at the
Vehdome.
Calif ornians in New York.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 19.— Details of the
naval estimates for 1905 as approved by
Secretary Moody were made public at the
Navy Department to-day. Among the es
timates for various navy yard and naval
stations are the following: Cavite, P. I.,
7725,000; Mare Island, Cal., $303,300; Puget
Sound, $299,500: Tutuila, Samoa. $5000.
Important items under - the bureaus of
construction and repairing include: Mare
Island, Cal., $20,000; Puget Sound, $30j000.
Other important items _) are magazine
shells and filling -house, Philippine Islands,
$50,000.
Secretary Moody Approves of the Al
lowance for the Several Yards
and Stations.
DETAILS OF THE NAVAIi
ESTIMATES MADE PUBLIC
All the gentlemen are delegates to the
convention. Their train left Milwaukee
•on October 10 and made only two stops
along the route, the first at the Grand
Canyon and the second at Los Angr-les,
where the party was entertained by the
local bankers.
The special containing about forty of
the representative financiers of the State
of Wisconsin arrived in the city yester
day afternoon by way of Los Angeles and
shortly afterward the new arrivals opened
headquarters in the Grand Hotel. Promi
nent among the party were John P. Mur
phy, Vice president of the Milwaukee Na
tional Bank and former Police and Fire
Commissioner of Milwaukee; G. W.
Strohmeyer, president of tne same bank;
Fred Kasten, second vice president of the
Wisconsin National Bank, and William
B. Banks, president of the First National
Bank of Superior and a member of the
executive bankers' committee of Wiscon
sin.
Prominent Bankers of Milwaukee
Come by Way of South. .
WISCONSIN DELEGATES.
Among the numbers rendered were the
following. Double Irish Jig, Bessie and
Hazel Allen; Cossack dance in costume.
Dr. J. Cornet; song and dfcnce. Master
Frank Jones; selection. "Ragtime,"
Hayes and Steve Douglass; Xylophone
solo, L. B. Skelton and M. 8. Regal;
songs, Miss Frances Gibson. Tivoli Opera
house; violin solo. Miss Lucille Wall;
double Irish hornpipe, Joseph Kelleher
and John O'Connell; songs and stories, W.
J. Hynes; recitation, Joseph Copeland.
On next Friday evening ihe organization
will give a ball in Mechanics' Pavilion.
The affair promises to be well attended.
The committee in charge .is exerting every
effort to make it a success.
Following their usual custom, the mem
bers of Golden Gate Aerie No. 61, Frater
nal Order of Eagles, entertained the fair
pcx in their clubrooms last evening. The
hall was crowded with ladies and mem
tens. An excellent programme was ren
dered. Refreshments w»re served and
dancing followed and was kept up until a
late hour.
Louis Chester was master of ceremonies.
He opened the entertainment with appro
priate remarks. District Deputy John L.
Herget was Introduced and In a fitting
speech welcomed the guests of the even-
Ing.
Eagles Hold Their Monthly "Ladies'
Night" and Many Attend
Function.
GOLDEN GATE AERIE
ENTERTAINS FAIR SEX
A feature of the entertainment at the
State board to-day will be a short address
of welcome by Colonel J. P. Irish, which
will be responded to on behalf of the
Bankers' Association by Hon. C. A. Pugs
ley, president Westchester County : Na
tional Bank, Peeksklll, N. Y. There will
also be a committee of ladles present on
the occasion to receive the ladles who ac
company the visitors.
The State Board of Trade, which as one
of the leading factors In 1 the. State's de
velopment has been Invited by the local
Bankers' Association to assist In the en
tertainment of the American Bankers'
Association during its session In this city
this week, will give a reception to the
visitors at the State Boanr*— of Trade
rooms, in the ferry building, this after
noon from 2:30 to 4:30. The board has in
vited the Mayor, the members of the
Board of Supervisors and the representa
tives of the San Francisco press to assist
in the reception, which will be generally
of an informal character and devoted
principally to placing the visitor in close
personal touch with the representatives of
leading State and local Interests/ as the
best means off impressing them with the
magnitude of the interests themselves.
The members of .the board will act as a
reception committee and the guests will
be received in the exhibition hall. The
rooms will be fbcorated with distinctive
California flowers and the refreshments
will consist principally of California wine
and fruit. The State exhibit will also
be used as an object lesson of the State's
resources.
State Board of Trade Will Entertain
Visitors To-Day. - _' ,
RECEPTION AT THE FERRY.
Captains John Stafford, Eighth In
fantry; Harold L. Jackson, First Infan
try; First Lieutenant Christian Briand,
Fifteenth Cavalry, are relieved from re
cruiting duty at San Francisco, Los An
geles and Sacramento, respectively, and
will join their regiments. The following
officers are detailed on recruiting service:
Captain William P. Burnham, Twentieth
Infantry, at San Francisco; Captain E.
F. Willcox, Sixth Cavalry, at Los Ange
les, and Captain Dwlght W. Ryther, Sixth
Infantry, at Sacramento.
Army orders — A board consisting of
Lieutenant Colonel Henry S. Kllbourne,
deputy surgeon general; Major William
Stephenson, surgeon; Ca.ptaln James M.
Kennedy, assistant surgeon, is appointed
to meet at the Presidio. San Francisco,
for/ the examination of medical officers
for promotion.
Naval orders— Lieutenant Commander
R. F. Lopez goes from the Pensacola at
the naval training station, San Francisco,
to the New York as navigator; Lieuten
ant C. D. Stearns is detached from the
New York and ordered home to wait or
ders.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 19.— Postofflces es
tablished: ,. Oregon— Casey, Clatsop Coun
ty, Catherine C. Qulnn, postmaster.
Washington— Independence, Lewis Coun
ty, Martin L. Yokum, postmaster.
Postoffice to be discontinued October
31: California— Bates, Madera County,
mail goes to Sesame.
Medical Officers at the Presidio
for Promotion.
Board Is Appointed to Examine
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Fifth race— Alfred C, Eda Biley,
Bard of Avon.
Sixth race^ — Jim Hale, Stemwinder,
Angelo.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race^ — Topsoil, Talpa, Sarah,
Maxim.
Second race^ — Bluemint, Compass,
Ivernia.
Third race^ — Glenrice, Christine A,
Sir Itauncelot.
Fourth race — Nitrate, Callant,
Olympian.
WORTH SELECTIONS.
Third race, one mile, selling — Tancred 109,
Sir Launcclot 1C6, Ocean Queen 103, Mezzo 102.
Beile Mahone 101. Lampoon 101, Duchesse
HannalOO. Calcutta 100. Lady Matchless 98.
Odran fJ8 Harvester 98, Courace US. Glenrice
37. Christine A 95.
Fourth race, seven furlongs. handicap-
Olympian 115. Jack Demund 107, Stuyve 105.
Ethylene 104, Schwalbe ICtt. Nitrate 103. Ancke
10O, Callant 100, Boaster 95, Muresca 91, Pre
mus J»0, Lucy E S 80. »
Fifth race, one and an eighth miles, selling —
E<la Rlley 10S, Nellie Bawn 105. Bard of Avon
105. Antolee 103. Flnffal 102, Alfred C 102,
Dndie S 102, Attilla 102.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling — Jim Hale
113. Marineuse 107. Ledus 107, Safeguard 100.
Angelo 100, Bummer II 105. Frank Rice 103,
Henry McDanicl 1C5. Barkelmore 104. I*>nca
104, Eva's Darling 102, Mary Lavana 102.
Spec 102, Tioga 101. Stemwinder 100, Marco- 97.
First race, one mile — C. B. Campbell 109,
Talpa 10», Hayward Hunter 105, I Know 105,
Postmaster Wright 103, Topsoil 96, Lacy Craw
ford 1>6. Sarah Maxim t)6. Coruscate 06, Dolly
Haymon 95.
Second race, one and an eighth mllea, sell
ing — Galathee 106. Lady Chorister 103. Ivernla
103. El Ghor 103. Compass 103. Give All 103,
Bluemint 98, Jena OS.
CHICAGO. Oct. 19.— Entries
WORTH ENTRIES.
By the New York Telegraph.
First race — Bad News, Duke of
Kendall, Stolen Moments.
Second race^ — Silver Dream, Yo
San. Rsdan. » •
Third race — Mabel Richardson,
Cincinnatus, Stroller.
Fourth race — Igniter, Major I>ain
gerfield, Hermis.
Fifth race — Bobadil, Aurumaster,
Outcome.
Sixth race — Lady Albercraft, Ath
lana, Many Thanks.
BRIGHTON SELECTIONS.
fr^eccind rare, five and a half furlongs, two
vpar-oldF — Wood* Shade 94. Florizel 99. Charlie
Fisher 94 Yo San 100. M Theo 99. Silver
Dream 10l'. Arietta 10$. MIns Shylock 99, Sweet
Tone 104 Redman 99. Ruth Parrlsh 94. Dusky
m Hydrangea <M, Shortcake 94, St. Roma
IO2. Jaf per 99.
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing — Ernest Parham 100 Our Nugget 100. Hy
land 105 Ethics 106, Cavler 111, Clncinnatus
i<5 Tripan ']fi5. Dr. Bissell 90, Stroller 100.
Locket 104. Namtor 111. Gavlota 100. St. Sever
1C3 April Shower 111. Bar le Due 101, Calth
ruVs 100, Mabel Richardson 100.
Fourth rar-e, Brighton Cup. two and a quar
ter miles — Major Daingerfield 124. Allan 1C8,
Igriter 121. Hermis 124.
Fifth race, six furlongs, two-year-o'.ds — Out
come 109. Algonquin 99. Gay Lothario 102,
Adrintha 99 Orthodox 102 Ogontz 102. Golden
Drop 103. Tom Cod 108. Nine Pin 119. Colleen
Bawn 105. MonMer 105. Bobadil 10S, Ostrich
31" Aurrr»a*ter 89.
Sixth race six furlongs, three-year-olds and
upward — Lady AlWrcraft 102. Queen Elizabeth
1^ Kirniktnie 102. Red Damsel 102. Athlana
07 Contend 1C5. Neither One 102. Tact J 02.
I-it'Ie Jack Homer 1<>2. Trespass J*7. Heir Ap
parent ir>2 Moderator 100. All Gold 105. Many
Thanks 102. Effie Sheppard 102, Channel 97.
First races on* and a sixteenth miles, handl
cajv—Colonel Bill 126, Duke of Kendal 114.
Molly Brant 111 Wyrth 108. Stamping Ground
lfiC "stolen Moments 112. Faulconbridge 100.
Bad News ion. Stroller 95, Lord Badge 93.
Brigand 90. Bar le Due S6.
NEW YORK. Oct. 19.— Entries
BRIGHTON ENTRIES.
Jimmy-Boland, who rode for Schrelber
at, Chicago the past summer, will have
his first mount here to-morrow on Ad
visor. Boland Is under contract to ride
for. Bianchi & McGovern, owners of Hor
ton , : the coming season at Oakland and
Ingleside.
Paul. Ridley, who has been a severe suf
ferer from rheumatism for many months,
is booking at Agricultural Park.
General Nelson A. Miles was the guest
of. Mayor Snyder at the track this after
noon.
Under the conditions of the Kenilworth-
Bllesful race to-morrow the respective
owners of the two horses may select their
own Judges. To-night Harry Stover, own
er of Kenilworth. says his horse will run
no better race than he. did Saturday.
LOS ANGELES NOTES.
Fifth race, one mile and fifty yard*, selling—
Miss Vera 111, Dr. Shorb 114, El Oriente 114,
George Dewey 114, Tlzona 111.
• Sixth race, six furlones — Inspirator 104, Dr.
"Worth 99. Father Wentker 107, Laureatea 104.
Escalante 107, Americano 107.
. Fourth race, five and a half furlongs, sell-
Ing—Sir Christopher 119, Achilles 177. Reina
del Celia 114, Step Around 114, Adnor 119,
Florlsta 114, Barbara 114, .Phyz 114, Chlleno
119, Ingo 109, Roltalre 119, Esternell 119, Nona
B 110.
First race, Los Angeles stakes, 2:15 pace,
$1000— Highball, Colonel Smith, Athalo, Tidal
Wave. Penrose.
Second race, five and a half furlongs, sell
ing, maidens — Bicycle lCfl, Camutos 109, Pen
ance 109, Norwalk II 112, Urbano 109, Hon
duran 109, The Devil II 117, Martin Brady
109, Oklahoma Belle 104. Annie F . 109.
Third race, five furlongs, two-year-olds, sell
ing—Charlie Schweitzer 107, Leonardo 102, Sol
Smith 107, Red Cross Nurse 112, Metlakatla
114, County Down 107, Annie Marl* 114, Tur
tle 102.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 19.— To-morrow' a en
tries: ¦"*
LOS ANGELES ENTRIES.
Seven furlongs, selling— Wachusett, 107 (L.
Jackson), 2 to 1. won; Erne. 107 (Knapp), 4
to 1, second: Red Tip, 110 (Letson), 25 to 1,
third. Time, 1 :29H- El Pilar. Max Bendix,
Indian II and Louwelsea also ran.
Six furlongs, selling — Ultruda, 100 (J. Lewis),
6 to 1, won; Nona B, 114 (L. Jacksonj, 5 to 1,
second; Troy, 112 (I. Powell), 11 to 5, third.
Time, l:14Vi. Dolly Weithoff. Achilles, King
Dellls and Limber Jim also ran.
Five furlongs, selling — Loyal S, 100 (I.
Powell). 2 to 1, won; Myrtle H, 109 (See), 2
to. 1, second; Lnuretn, 109 (Kunz), 7 to 1,
third. Time, 1:01. Sol Smith. Nellie May,
Metcoro, Isabelllta and Toltec also ran.
Six furlongs, selling— Skirmish, 114 (See),
7 to 5, won; Little Margaret. 109 (Chandler),
even, second; Mme. Bishop, 114 (J. Lewis),
15 to 1. third. Time, 1:14. Homage, Cherries,
Marine and Ruxford also ran.
¦ Four and a half furlongs — Felipe Lugo, 114
(See). 5 to 2, won; Lady Usk. 110 (Tullett),
10, to 1, second; Flea, 107 (I. Powell), 4 to 1,
third. Time, :54>i. San Franclsquita, Roseric
and' Lamorle also ran.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 19. — Weather one;
track fast. Summary:
One mile, selling— Dug Martin, l(>0 (Chand
ler). 3 to 1, won: Little Secret, 107 (Hender
son), 2 to 1, second; Blue Miracle, 100 (Knapp),
even, third. Time, 1:41%. Sherry, Head
strong, Prestolus, Cazador and The Toller,
also ran
THE SUMMARIES.
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
By the New York Telegraph.
First race — Amberita, Hoofbeat,
Zama W.
Second race^ — Miss Gould, Tommy
Knight, Bear Creek.
Third race — Glennevis, Hetzel,
Prosper la Gai.
Fourth, race^ — Bridge, Frank Bell,
Malster.
Fifth race^ — Captain Gaines, Athel
roy, Elastic.
- Sixth race — Ultra Vires, Larry
Wilt, Eugenia S. ' /
Fifth race, one mile and seventy yards, 3
year-olds and up, purse — Athelroy 100, Jack
Young 108, Elastic 100, Neversuch 100, Lady
Strathmore 103, Captain Uames 106.
Sixth race, one and a rlxteenth miles. 3-year
olds and up, selling — Pilaster 100, Model Mon
arch 94. Ultra Vires 8«. Patronymic 95, Nettle
Regent 100, Eugenia S 104. General Prig 89,
Virgle d'Or 109, Helen Tarwater 91, Ecome I>S.
Tabellarius SB, Decoration 103, Axares 107,
Pearl Diver 86. Larry Wilt 103. t
Fourth race, six furlongs, 3-year-olds and
up, handicap — Annie Max 94, Sylvia Talbot 102,
Malster 108. Bridge 116, Jigger 95, Brulare
104. Frank Bell 111.
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 19.— Entries:
First race, five furlongs, maiden fillips, sell
mg—Always Faithful 103, Bessie Kirby 100,
Soson 95. Kitty Harlan 100, Ambeiita 100,
Hoofbeat 104, Ora Z 95, B. Azzy 98, Bessie 95,
Debbie May 106, Zama 96.
Second race, six furlongs. 3-year-olds and up,
selling— Lltle Giant 102, Layburge 105, Bear
Creek 103. Zirl 106, Tommie Knight 105, Pierce
J 106. Kiss Quick 103, Golden Easter 105, Duela
103, Alborac 102, Joe Goss 112. Ethel Davis
105, Revenge Dare 108, Miss Gould 100.
Third race, seven furlongs, 3-year-olds and
up — Miss Theresa 105, Doeskin 110, Captain
Gaston 110, Brutal 105, Glennevts 108, Castake
105, Avoid 105, Aules 110, Hetzel 108, Prosper
La Gal 113.
The impression of horsemen concerning
the Lynch case was that the- officials of
the track had, as Condon intimated, made
something of a "break" in making the
announcement as they did. Owner Con
don would say nothing of the case that
would implicate any politician in having
exerted a "pull" in behalf of Lynch.
CHICAGO, Oct. 19.— The "certain in
fluences," which, by the admission of the
officials of the Harlem racetrack, were
strong enough to compel the reinstate
ment of "Danny" Lynch, the debarred
horseman, to-day, sealed the lips of race
men and politicians alike. The silence of
evasion characterized the statements of
all concerned. John Condon, owner of the
Harlem track, and Martin Nathanson,
secretary of the Harlem Jockey Club, re
fused to name the politician or politicians
who may have interceded for Lynch. /
It was rumored this afternoon that
Congressman McAndrews held a two
hours' secret interview with Sheriff Bar
rett on Friday prior to the ruling of the
Harlem officials reinstating Lynch, but
Sheriff Barrett expressed ignorance of the
incident. *
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Harlem Officials Are Si
lent as to "Certain
Influences."
SIXTH RACE— One mile; eelllng:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jock-.-y. St. *; Fin.
15 to 1— Ivertna. 109 (R. Williams) 4 6 1 2\i
16 to u — Frank M. 101 (Pollak) 5 3 2 U,
6 to 1 — Pronta. 104 < Da vlsson) 6 1 3 1
Time, 1:40 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, L. S. Sire's ch. f. by St. Leonards-
Queenston. Sweet Tooth 102, Tufts 104 Evelyn
Eyrd 104, Bluemint 104, Omdurman 107, Man
damus 104. Nellie Bawn 100, Paul Whaley 104,
Light Hunt 112, also ran.
Time, 1 :27 2-5. Start good. Won In a canter.
¦Winner. G. W. Pools' s ch. c. by The Com
moner-Provident. Arnold K 96, Pond 101, Rye
vale 101, Myron Dale 96. Irish Swede 10L also
ran.
FIFTH RACE — Seven furlongs; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 1— Foresight, 103 (Ferrell).. 3 «1 1 5
CO to 1— Virginia Boy. 98 (H.
Phillips) 1 2 2 2U,
7 to 10— Palm Reader. 103 (J.
Booker) 2 4 32
FOURTH RACE — One and a. sixteenth miles;
handicap:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 1— S. C. Love. 100 (Robbins).. 3 2 12
4 to 1— By Ways. 97, (S. Bonner).. 4 3 2 1
7 to 1— Dr. Stephens. 102 (Davlsson) 6 4 3 nk
Time, l:4i>2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, E. G. Stutte's ch. c. by Dr. Rice-Ccn
stance IV. Brief 95. His Eminence 103, Huz
zah U3, The Don 92, Our Bessie 103, also ran.
THIRD RACE — Six furlongs; purse:
Belling. Horse, Weight, Jockiy. St. % Fin.
11 to 6— Golden Rule. 113 <Adkins) 1 1 1 2^
(J to 5 — Toah, 108 iFerrell) 5 4 2 2
5 to 2 — Grand Opera, 101 (Bonner) 4 3 3 4
Time, 1:12. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, C. E. Durnell's ch. g. by Golden Garter-
Luclle Murphy. Whisky King 111. Introduc
tion 111, Lsdy Radnor 116, also ran.
Time, 1:45 3-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner, S. C. Hildreth's ch. g. by Athellng-
Stone Crop. Charlie Thompson 102, Fleuroa
10.". St. Simonlau 108, Tancred 101, Irascible
101. a!?o xan.
SECOND RACE — One" mile and 100 yards;
Belling.
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 1— Thane. 104 (S. Bonner)... 1111
•J to lit— Ethel Wheat. 109 (Hall). 5 2 2 2%
16 to 1 — C. B. Campbell, 100 (J.
Booker) 3 4 3 1
FIRST RACE — Five furlongs; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to &— Tokalon 112 (D. Hall) ... 7 3 1 nk
12 to 1— Testimony, 112 (Adkms).. 2 12 3
2 to 1— Witchcraft, 107 (Wilson). 14 3 2
Time. 1:00 1-5. Start straggling. Won driv
ing. Winner, U. W. Scott & Co.'e b. f. by
Tanunsny-Knld. Shawana 104, Badger Girl
104. Annora J 85. Belle Juan 95. St. Paula 104.
liar}- I>unn «5, Tribune S>5, Carmelita 95, Mary
Hill 95, ijf.tn Queen 95, also ran.
CHICAGO. Oct. 19.— Golden Rule, with
113 pounds up, set a new track record for
six furlongs at Worth to-day, when he
won the third race in 1:12 flat, which Is
the fastest race run at the local tracks
this * year with the exception of the
world's record of 1:11 4-5,« set by Dick
Welles at Washington Park.
Toah was made favorite at 6 to 5, back
ed from 3 to 2, with Golden Rule second
choice at 11 to 5. Golden Rule broke in
front and ran the first quarter In 23 3-5,
fairly making his field dizzy. The half
was run In 47 fiat, with Golden Rule still
leading by three lengths. Turning for
home he fairly flew, winning easily by
two and one-half lengths. The official
time of 1:12 when hung out brought forth
loud cheers for Golden Rule when he re
turned to the judges' stand.
Tokalon was the only favorite to win
to-day. The track was lightning fast and
the weather clear and warm, being per
fect for Ideal racing. The attendance was
far above ¦ the average Monday crowd, a
good card being the magnet. Summary:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs, selling: .
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 2 — Dave Sommers,106 (Foley) 5 2 11
13 to 5 — Helen Print.100 (Smith).. 2 4 2 V,
11 to 5 — Ingolthrift, 88 (Perkins).. 6 13 5
Time. 1:28^4. Start gocd. Won easily. Win
ner, W. W. Elliott's br. m. by Hlndo-Lady
Beth. Cau and Gown 96, Frank Collins 95,
Hindi 95, Elie 00, Reducer 101, Allegrette 98,
also ran.
FIFTH RACE — One and an eighth mile?,
selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
C to 1— Klngstelle. 95 (Perkins).. 4 1 1 1H
20 to 1 — Hegira. 95 (Raynor) 1 5 2 nk
15 to 1— M. Volmer.98 (Hennessey) 7 3 3 1
Time, 1 :55%. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. D. J. Sullivan's br. m. by Kingston-Es
telle. Cogswell 104, Pyrrho 104, Dr. Hart 88.
Baronet 10C, Pathos 94, also ran.
I FOURTH RACE — One and a sixteenth
miles, purse :
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 5— Dan McKenna.lOC (Austin) 1112
0 to 5— L»tle Scout, 112 (Sheehan) 3 2 2 4
6 to 1— Flintlock, 100 (Raynor)... 4 4 3 15
Time. 1:40%: Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, J. C. Milan & Co.'s b. c. by Pirate of
Penzance-Lady Modrld. Jack Young 102, Va
leat 92, also ran.
THIRD RACE — Mile and seventy yards,
purse :
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 2— Burke C'kran,104(Watson) 4 114
14 to 5 — Pourquol Pas.104 (Calvit) 2 2 2 2
5 to 2— Treacy, 107 (Matthews)... 5 5 3 nk
Time. 1:47 V*- Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, D L. Snow's ch. g. by Prince of Dark
ness-Magnolia. Roger Smith 107, Aeronia 100,
also ran. ,
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs, selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 2— Optimo, 105 (Foley) 8 2 17
9 to 6-My Surprise, 95 (Austin). ..10 3 2 4
10 to 1— Aylm'er Bruce,lC9 (Sheehn) 4 13 3
Tim*. 1:14?4. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. H> Robinson's b. c. by Order-Sandola.
Commena 110, Great Star 110, Military 105,
Venus Victrix 108, General Prigg !)8, Kitty G
110, George Vivian 110, Eleanor Howard 100,
Will Shelly 103, Harold Parker 106, Tenny
Belle 110, also ran.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 19.— Dan McKenna had
no trouble in winning th« feature event
at the Fair Grounds to-day. \ McKenna
set all the pace and won pulled up. Lit
tle Scout, the heavily-played favorite,
was second, after running a dull race.
The races were devoid of noteworthy
features. The weather was clear, the
track fast and the attendance big. Sum
mary:
FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs,
purse :
Betting. Home, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1 — Merrie George, 110 (Shehn) 4 114
20 to 1— T. Manklns.lll (Matth'w) 3 3 2 1\<,
3 to 1— Orient, 111 (Austin) 5 4 3 lh
Time, 1:09%. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, G. C. ' Bennett & Co.'s ch. c. by St.
George-Margaret II. Woods Perry 111. Ban
dlllo 105, Ida Davis 111, Klngsboro 114, Pil
grim Girl 111, Enishone 110, Edna Daniels lOi,
Caryota 111. also ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Felipe Lugo, an Amigo colt carrying the
colors of K. J. Baldwin, captured the
four and a half furlong sprint for two
year-olds. In the betting his price went
from even money to 3 to 2 and he won
all the way, beating Lady Usk in a gal
lop. Flea finished third.
In the third event Skirmish, the second
choice, was awarded a nose verdict over
the 4 to 3 favorite. Little Margaret. The
former mare made all the running and
See lurnished one of his vigorous finishes.
Lewis on Madam Bishop took the show.
Mary Nance, which was once started at
Oakland as a ringer under the name of
Los Rosas, was a starter in this race.
Fluce actually was no favorite for the
fourth event, anything having a chance
being listed at 2 to 1. Loyal S, ridden
by Powell, passed Meteora and Nellie
May. in the stretch, scoring hands down
from Myrtle H and Laureatea.
Dolly Weithoff at 6 to 5 was laid away
in the six-furlong run following. She
had speed for a time; then the curtain
fell. The last eighth Ultruda waded
through the bunch, galloping home ahead
of Nona B and Troy. The winner was a
rank outsider, 6 to 1 being obtainable
about him.
Eight started In the concluding four
furlong number. Wauchusett, which
receded from 6 to 5 to 2, registered
an easy first over Erne, the Curl entry
with Knapp up. Red Tip was third.
F. E. MULHOLLAND.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 19.— As a result ot
the unsatisfactory ending of the Pasadena
stake on Saturday when the judges placet.
Kenilworth' first and nine out of every
ten people present thought Blis3ful won
by almost a length the two horses men
tioned will meet at Agricultural Park to
morrow in a special for a $500 purse.
They -will meet under the same condi
tions. Even should the brown horse b«
returned -a winner all of the conditions
cannot be the same. Kenilworth is apt
to be a Detter horse to-morrow, and then
again Willie See may handle him differ
ently.
This was "ladies' day" at the track and
a . large crowd saw some very ragged
sport. The syndlcators cinched up the
prices until the slates creaked and
groaned and must have cleaned up $3000
or $4000, as they did on Saturday. Three
so-called favorites blossomed *forth as
winners.
Vic Gilbert purchased Dug Martin from
Lee Blaslngame on Sunday and to-day
won the gelding out In the opening mile
run. The ring laid three to one about
him, and, picking up the running, he led
all the way, finishing out the route in
l:4l&. Blue Miracle, the even money fa
vorite, performed poorly, losing the place
to Little Secret.
Bp-cial Dispatch to The Call.
SIXTH RACE — Maiden two-year-olds, five
and a half furlonirs. selling:
Bitting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. Bt «4 Fin.
» to 2 — Piquet. 1CC> CBurns) 2 4 1 h
B to 1— Pristina.101 «Wi!kerson)... 4 12 4
SO to 1 — Dutiful. 97 f\V. Fischer)... 8 6 3 '4
Time. 1 :0S 4-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner, Tleasance Stables* b. f. by Lord Es
terling-Chilkoot. Sneer »4, Panlquet IOC, The
Bower>- !>7. Hlghwlnd 102, Fernrock 112. Billy
Roche 102. Docile »9, Applause 97, Monsoon
106. Gold Tic 97. also ran.
3 to 7, — Hun=tbot:rne. 117 fOdom).. 1 3 1 h
13 to !i — River Pirate. 114 (Gannon) 2 2 2 8
12 to 1 — Ascension. 102 (Smithson).. 4 13 6
Time. 1 .46 2-5. Start fair. 'Won driving.
Winner. W. B. Leeds' b. c. by Indio-Flora
Hurst. Colonsey 88, Rightful 111, Demurrer
'.<8, also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Handicap for all ages, one
and a sixteenth mile*:
Bftting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. «i Fin.
FOTTRTH RACE — The Peconic stakes: five
end a half furlongs:
- Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
12 to 1— Ocean Tide, lift (O'Xeill) 2 2 1 h
H to 5— Wetan, 110 (Hicks) 1 3 2 n
8 to 1— Flammula. 107 (Iligslns)... 4 4 3 4
Time. 1 :OC 3-5. Start poor. Won driving.
Winner, J. A. Drake's b. f. by St. George-
Come and Go. Lady Amelia 124, Grazielle 107,
Mineola 1<M. Tim Payne 11<». St. Valentine 110.
r«Jar Rapids 1C4. Monastic 110, Graceful 107.
Lcr.sdale 122. also ran.
THIRD RACE — Six furlongs; for fillies 3
y.ars old: selling:
] letting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
J to 3 — Mami« Worth, 116 (Burns). 6 11%
>« to 1— Futurita. Ill (Higgins) 1 3 2n
J> to 1— Cor.tuf.sion. Ill (Fuller)... 2 2 36
Time, 1:14 2-f>. Start fair. Won cleverly.
Winner. J. Worth's ch. f. by St. George-Ethel
Thomas. Auriesville 111, Glorlosa 111, Lady
I^ake 111. a!f=o ran.
FECOND RACE — One ana an eighth mllea;
S-yrar-olds and ur; Belling:
iVtting. Hrrse Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
J2 to 1— Baikal, 100 <C. Smith) 1116
k to 1— Blue Victor. 10.1 (Wade).. 6 8 2 3
t to 1 — CottaKe Maid. 100 (Brunr) 7 6 3 C
Time, J :53 2-5. Start bad. Won easily. Win
ner. J. A. Tennant's b. g. by Patton-Secret.
Caithness t»9. Swamplands 105, Animosity »S,
SMr Rcxhe luO. H. L. Coleman 99. Mollie Pey
ton KG. Beverly 100, Rathbride 94, The Regent
1VS, also ran.
Ascension made the running, with River
Pirate and Hurstbourne well up. The
leader was done at seven furlongs. Then
Iliver Pirate moved to the front, but
came cut about ten feet from the rail
ar.d this lost him the race. Although
beaten. River Pirate ran a most credit
able race, the mile of which was covered
in l:*0. Summary:
FIRST RACE — One and three-fluarter mll««.
over seven hurdles; telling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
15 to 1 — Cryptogram, 133 (B*rnhrt) J 1 1 10
2 to 1— Ohnet, 1:>S fSonger) 4 3 2 15
7 to ::— The Rival, UM (Connelly). 8 2 3 S
Time. 2:17 2-T>. Start good. Won easily.
V Inner, C. P. Fixer's br. g. by Charade-Spal
dif-nare.. Gibson Light 134. Somerset 141. also
ran.
BRIGHTOX BEACH. Oct. 19.— I* V. Bell
attempted a mild coup to-day by pur
chaBing the colt River Pirate from R. W.
Walden and endeavoring to win the third
race, a handicap at a mile and a six
teenth. He failed by about ten Inches.
Hurstbourne coming from behind and
winning by that much after It appeared
that River Pirate had the race won.
Special Dlsxxatch to Tb« Call,
REFUSE TO NAME
LYNCH'S FRIENDS
George H. Ketcham, who owns Cres
ceus, and who drove him to-day, said to
night:
"This is the beet track cut of doors and
the conditions w*re perfect. "When I -was
here week before last the track was wet,
but I saw its advantages and determined
to con* back. The result justified my
expectations. I knew before the race that
the stallion would beat "his record, but I
did not expect a triumph so complete. I
shall go to Oklahoma City and Fort
Scott right away to keep engagements
and that will be the last time he will ap
pear In public."
Ketcham worked the horse out in 2:15
before the final test and then sent him
flying for the, record. He broke when he
first scored for the word, but on the next
attempt was sent off, going the first quar
ter in :30 flat. There was a cheer when he
reached the half iti :59»i, and when the
three-quarters was passed in 1:30 the
cheer becante an uproar. Just before he
reached the wire Cresceus broke, and it
is believed lost fully three-quarters of a
second. He came up handily and flashed
under the wire in 1:59%.
The day was simply perfect .and the
track in prime condition. Cresceus was
paced by a running mate, Mike the
Tramp, to a sulky. Cresceus had no wind
break whatever. The first quarter was
made in :30, the half in :59%, the three
quarters in 1:30 and the mile In 1:59%.
"WICHITA, Kans., Oct. 19.— Such an
ovation as waa given Cresceus when he
trotted a mile In 1:59% to-day and made a
new world's record has been rarely wit
nessed. The stallion was nearly smoth
ered to death, so eager were the specta
tors to pat or get near enough to touch
him. »
Track.
Good Attendanca but Ragged
. Sport at the Lo^ Angeles
Colt Purchased Just Eefore
Race Loses to Speedy
Hurstbourne.
California Horse Makes His
Field Dizzy and Wins
Easily.
Horse Is Unaided by Wind
Shield in Sensational
Performance.
Bennett's Little Scout, the
• Public Choice, Runs a
Dull Race.
Crowd, Gives Champion
Cresceus a Stirring
Uvat,ion.
L. V. Bell Attempts a
Coup at Brighton
and Fails.
Blissful and Kenilworth
Will Meet in a
Special.
Golden Rule Negotiates
'Six Furlongs in
1:12 Flat.
Wins Pulled Up in the
Feature Event at
St. Louis. .
RIVER PIRATE
BEATEN A NOSE
HORSES TO TRY
A SECOND RACE
DAN M'KENNA'S
EASY VICTORY
AGAIN CROWNED
TROTTING KING
LOWERS WORTH
TRACK RECORD
BERKELEY. Oct. 19.— There was no
meeting of the Town Trustees to-night to
discuss the proposed bond issue, as It was
reported there would be. President Rlck
ard had not time to attend the meeting
for the discussion on thi.s Important mat
ter.
Bond Meeting Not Set.
LEARNS OF GONSALES' ,
DEATH AFTER FIJ N KH.AT.
Woman Claiming to Be Wife of Late
Dairyman Seeks His
Estate.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 19.— Claiming to be the
wife of the late Antone Gonsales, a dairy
man, who died in East Oakland Friday
and was buried from a local undertaking
parlor yesterday, Mrs. Asuza Gonsales
to-day visited the undertaker who had
charge of the funeral and Informed him
that she had Just learned of her spouse's
demise.
She said that she had not lived with
her husband for eighteen months and was
solicitous to ascertain If the deceased had
left any estate. The woman was refeiTed
to Adrian Rosslter. owner of a dairy on
East Fourteenth street and Twenty-sev
enth avenue, Ea#t Oakland, in whose em
ploy Gonsales was at the time of his
death.
Insolvent Clerk.
Alexander "W. Craig, clerk, residence
Oakland, filed a petition In insolvency yes
terday In the United States District
Court. He owes $1465 and has no assets.
OAKLAND, Oct. 19.— Charged bv one H.
B. Erlckson. who gave his address as 213
Pine street, with being a defaulter to the
extent of $100,000, a man giving the name
of George Henry Rowe, but who Erick
son claims is "William George Curthew, is
now In the Haywards jail. Erlckson told
Marshal Ramage of Haywards that a re
ward of $5000 had been offered for the ar
rest of the accused and he was promptly
taken Into custody. ; r C
The prisoner vehemently denied the
story and asserted that he could prove
that he was In Jail at the time the al
leged theft occurred. "Word from New
York bears out the prisoner's statement.
If It does not go even farther and estab
lish that no embezzlement, such as Is al
leged to have taken place by Erlckson.
occurred. The New York Detective Bu
reau said that no man by the name of
Carthew was wanted In New York for
embezzlement, and that it knew of no
crime having been committed with which
the accused could have had connection.
Another feature of the case is that
Erlckson is not known at 213 Pine street,
which address ne gave, nor does his name
appear In the directory of this city. In
all probability the prisoner will be re
leased to-day and. If he can be located.
Erickson will be called ipon to make an
explanation.
MYSTERY SURROUNDS
ABREST OF G. H. ROWE
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 19.— Joe Gans,
the lightweight champion, and Joe Grim,
an Italian pugilist of this city, who stood
six rounds before Bob Fltzsimmons and
received severe punishment last week,
met to-night In a six round fight at the
"Washington Sporting Club. Gans had the
better of the fight from beginning to end,
sending Grim to the floor one or more
times In nearly every round. The Italian
received a severe pounding, but the col
ored champion was unable to knock him
out.
Oans Fails to Knock Out Grim.
8
ADVERTISEMENTS.
llL, {Ljj/jlIiL uWu/fSi shin on fire
No disease causes so much bodily discomfort, or itcies, and burns like
Eczema. Beginning often with a slight redness of the skin it gradually
spreads, followed by pustules or blisters from which a gummy, sticky fluid
oozes which dries and scales off or forms bad looking sores and scabs. It ap-
pears on different parts of the body but oftenest upon the back, arms, hands,
legs and face, and is a ¦
veritable torment at £ n 1 ® ee J experienced at times catches on the in-
yeniaoie lormeni at Blde ot my hands tnat itcne d and burned, causing
times, especially ** , much discomfort. As time went by it
night or when over- [^§^1 f 'y^ffl'c^wiSHlSSSSS 06 !* 55S
heated. IflSRva \ suited several physicians and a num.
The cause of Ecze- ««£»«) ber ot specialists, and u»ed several ox-
me cause oi ncze \wW$T4 ternal applications, recoivinir but
ma IS a too acid and |$Gg%£teJ| slight temporary relief. In February
ereneral unhealthy con- l&JoSsln J decided to try S. S. S., and in less than
5v c rr £. j KfimJi a month I experienced a change for the
dltion of the blood. SK§|g53|* better, and by May all symptoms had
The terrifvine itching t^SW^r- disappeared, and I found myself entira-
~7 :~ V ° . 6 kvCV^ -y « ly cured, and have had no return of
and burning IS pro- '<£— t the disease since. W.P.BRTJSH
duced by the overflow _ Manager Stc^Aman's Advertising Agency. .
through the glands and ****<>» A^ansas City, Mo.
pores of the skin of the fiery poisons with which the blood-current is over-
S /^ j*mm^ loaded. While external applications, such as
|^H^ tC^ washes » soaps, salves and powders aresoot hing and
>^^ V^V cooling they do not enter into the blood itself or
l^^/ l^^/ touc k the real cause of the disease, but S. S. S.
l -\, does, and purifies, enriches, and strengthens the
thin acid blood and cleanses and builds up the general system, when the
skin clears off and Eczema with all its terrifying symptoms disappears.
Send . for our free book on the Skin and its diseases. No charge for
medical advice. THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GAmCosten' s Suit Dismissed.
SALEM, Or.; Oct. 19.— The Supreme
Court rendered an opinion to-day in tha
case of the. State vs. Pleasant Armstrong
of Baker County, affirming the decision
of .the lower court and condemning Arm
strong to the gallows for the murder of
Miss Minnie Ensmlnges at North Powder
on Christmas night, laO2. . t
Murderer Armstrong Must Hang.
Widow and Children Get Estate.
The will of Chauncey B. Williams was
filed for probate yesterday, j It disposes
of an estat« estimated to be* worth more
than $100,000. By the terms of the will
one-third of the estate is to go absolutely
to the widow, Dide" Williams, • and the
other two thirds to her in trust for the
six children of the deceased— Mary C;
Fred W., Leo C, Clara I*, Catherine E.
and Josephine O. Williams.
Miles "T.~ Balrd,' a wealthy young man
about town.' who fired a shot through the
swinging door of the Russ House bar on
the night of October,8, pleaded guilty yes
terday before Police Judge Fritz to
charges of discharging firearms within
the city limits and malicious mischief. Hd
was ordered to appear for sentence this
morning. - '•" -,- ;
Baird Pleads Guilty.
Customs Collector Stratton made an of
ficial call yesterday upon Acting Collec
tor William B. Hamilton at the Custom
house to attend^ to some details of busi
ness on which his advice had been solicit
ed. He'left In the evening for Santa Bar
bara, where he will remain a few weeks
by order of his physician to build, up his
strength before settling down to th© ar
duous duties of his' office.
Collector Stratton Convalescing.
STOCKTON, Oct. 19.— W. R. Chestnut
Wood of this city. 19 years- of age. acci
dentally fell from the railing of the
steamer T. C Walker yesterday morning:
at .Treadway Landing, this aide of Wake
field, on the San Joaquln River, and was
drowned. His head struck the guard rail
as he fell, and he was undoubtedly ren
dered unconscious. The body has not been
recovered. ..
Youth Falls From a Steamer.
The members of the Outdoor League
have issued an address to the voters of
San Francisco for the ballots at the re
cent bond election, which rendered pos
sible, the preservation of Telegraph Hill.
The women of this congregation worked
indefatlgably for the 'preservation of the
interesting landmark overlooking the bay.
Outdoor League Thanks Voters.
Chief Wittman has received a letter
from James M. Taylor of Taylorvllle, 111.,
asking for information about Robert and
Edward McCarty, who left Terre Haute,
Ind., about ten years ago and, after
working for a' while in Kansas City,' came
to this city. The last heard of them was
that they were employed in a hotel or
restaurant here. Each would now be 40
years of ago or upward. They have fallen
heir to property left by their aunt, Jane
H. Berriman of Terre Haute.
McCarty Brothers Wanted.
Professor R. Morse Stephens will lec
ture on "The French Revolution" to-mor
row evening at the Art Gallery of the
Mechanics* -Pavilion, the. entrance. to
which is on Larkln street, near Hayes.
The lecture will ' be one of the scries
Bivcn by the Mechanics' Institute Uni
versity Extension course and admission
will be by ticket only. Members who
have not received tickets may do so by
applying at the library. The lecture
place has been changed from the library
owing- to- ihe increased attendance. •
Mechanics' Institute Lecture.
Unabashed, and yet not proud of his
long succession of defeats in tho cause of
Walter N. DImmick, George D. Collins
appeared in the United States Circuit
Court yesterday morning and applied for
a writ of habeas corpus on behalf of DIm
mick, who Is serving a term of imprison
ment in the "penitentiary at San Quentin.
Judge Morrow denied the motion, and
Collins asked for leave to take an appeal
to the Supreme Court of the United
States, which was granted.
Collins Appeals Again.
PASADENA. Oct. 19.— Constable Har
vey Newell has gone to the foothills of
the Sierra' Madre Mountains in search of
Manuel Estrada, a Mexican, who yester
day tried- to murder Andre Hernandez,
whose wife Estrada' recently induced to
elope with him.
Both men happened to meet yesterday
on "Lucky" Baldwin's Santa Anita ranch
and Estrada quickly drew a revolver and
tried to shoot him. Failing In this he
drew a knife and slashed Hernandez's
coat, but did not succeed in Inflicting any
injury. Before he could be captured he
took to his heels and is now hiding In the
mountains. Constable Newell proposes to
bring him to town to answer a charge of
assault with intent to commit murder.
Hernandez declines to receive his truant
wjfe. v ; '.'
Mexican Tries to Kill a Husband
Whose Wife He Stole and
Escapes.
OFFICER WILL SEARCH
MOUNTAINS FOR FUGITIVE
He came to California in the end of the
sixties and went to Samoa in the seven
ties to erect a large cotton house and
other building3 for the South Sea firm or
Goddefroi & Co. of Hamburg.
After the partition of the Samoan
Islands by the United States and Ger
many he moved to Tutulla, where he was
up to the time of his death employed at
the United States naval station there.
He leaves to mourn his loss a wife and
son in Samoa, a brother in Brooklyn, N.
y., and two married sisters' in Canada.
Alexander A. Willis died at Apia, Sa
moa, on September 16 last of tetanus,
caused by an accident. The deceased was
a native of St. John, New Brunswick, and
was &2 years of age at the time of his
death.
Well-Known Builder Succumbs to
Tetanus as Result of an
Accident.
FORMER SAN FRANCISCAN
PASSES AWAY IN SAMOA
Emanuel Garbori was employed In the
bakery of G. Ferro, 504 Union street, and
went to his "work Sunday night under the
Influence of liquor. Ferro discharged him
and he hung around the place till 5
o'clock yesterday morning. Ferro lives
above the bakery and as he was going up
stairs after finishing work It is alleged
that Garbori fired a shot at him, missing
him. Policeman Davids was notified and
he arrested Garbori on a charge of as
sault to murdar. A loaded revolver with
one shell exploded was found in the pris
oner's pocket. He was instructed as to
hia rights by Police Judge Fritz yesterday
and the case was continued till this morn
ing.
Fires a Shot at Boss Baker.
The State Board of Trade has received
from the orchards of G. H. Smith of the
Biggs Board of Trade branches bearing
large clusters of fully developed oranges
and lemons of the new crop, that have be
gun to color. This Is another demonstra
tion of the fact that citrus fruits mature
very early in this part of the State. The
Smith orchards are at Biggs, Butte Coun
ty. The last of the old crop of Southern
California oranges only recently went to
market. " The Northern California crop is
now coming in.
The First Citrus Fruits From Sutte
County Are Received by State
Board of Trade.
BIGGS ORCHARDS KEEP •
UP SEASONAL RECORD
Lizzi? Taylor, niece of James D. Tay
lor, fled a contest of her uncle's k wi'.l
:«-Fte':day. She alleces that at the time
thf dceument was executed Taylor was
imocr the influence of Ella H. Talbot.
The contestant claims that Taylor's will
cOA'a^M only puch names as Mrs. Tay
lor .was able to find among the corre
t-:.<nridcnce of the deceased, and that thrrre
t'<*o t-ir will which directed the distribu
tion r.f his $30 .000 estate to two of his
jflativ, f. is illeual and void. She fur-
Vi'r-favs that at the time the will was
'.. "jaylor was suffering from th? re-
Fnltfi cf an accident and was unfit to
f. 'W-pr> of his estate. Mrs. Talbot was
<•..-¦ if the devisees in the will, cons*»
< im i 1 1 1 v the contest is being waged on
i<lit)if-al grounds alone.
Contests Uncle's Will.
Interesting Entertainment and an
Elaborate Banquet Is Promised
by the Ladies.
The members of Sacred Heart Parish
anticipate a very enjoyable time to-night,
when the annual kettledrum will be
given by the ladies of the parish at Na
tive Sons' Hail.
The following named will assist in car
rying out the elaborate programme,
which will consist of a first-class enter
tainment and banquet:
T>. T. Supple. J. C. O'Connor. George La
combe, J. J. Hughes, J. Ward. W. Stafford.
H. Kugelberg. F. Lawler. J. J. Walsh, W.
Watson. F. Monasrhan. J. Fleming. W. Am
brose, J. W. McCarthy, H. I. Mulcreavy, J.
McPherson. E. Luby, Captain McConr.acl; and
the League of the Cross Cadets.
Floor manager. W. R. Dillon.
SACRED HEART PARISH
WILL GIVE KETTLEDRUM
C. H. Mitchell, district passenger n gent
of tho Southern Pacific Company at Los
Angeles, is visiting this city on business.
The announcement is made that John
W. Phalon, traveling passenger agent of
the Great Northern out of Portland, is .to
return to his old position with the same
company. in Los Angeles. He succeeds
Henry Hugglns, who took his place when
Phalon went north. Huggins has not yet
been advised as to his future movements.
General Manager Julius Kruttschnitt of
the Southern Pacific Company returned
yesterday from the East, where he has
been in confereence with President Harri r
man for several weeks. The general man
ager came west by way of the southern
route for the purpose of inspecting the
various properties of the company. Gen
eral Superintendent of Motive Power H.
J. Small and J. H. Wallace, engineer of
maintenance of way, met Mr. Krutt
schnitt in the south and accompanied
him over the lines as far as this city.
Arriving here yesterday about noon, the
general manager remained at his offices
In the railroad building about an hour
and then left for his home In San Mateo.
The return of General Manager Krutt
schnitt has been looked forward to with
considerable anxiety by the employes of
the company, for it is common rumor
among the men that further retrenchment
Is to be made along the company's sys
tem. In an Interview in Los Angeles on
Saturday Mr. Kruttschnitt strongly inti
mated that a further reduction of forces
is to be made, but he refused to state just
where, remarking that the plan is to cut
down expenses wherever there is hope of
making a saving.
The local freight representatives of the
Rock Island road will leave hero Saturday
evening for Kansas City, where a bjg
conference of all the freight men of the
company is to be held next week. Among
those who will leave here are F. W.
Thompson, general Western agent; Harry
W. Adams, commercial agent; B. F.
Coons, commercial agent at Los Angeles,
and L. B. Gorham, general agent at Port
land.
Bock Island Freight Representatives
Called to Kansas City for General
Conference.
Some malicious persons tried to wreck
the saloon of William Mitchell at 515 Mar
ket street early yesterday morning. The
place was closed abont 6 o'clock on Sun
day night and yesterday morning when it
¦was opened it looked as if it had been
struck by a cyclone. Pieces of cement
had been thrown through the plate glass
portions of the front door, smashing them
In pieces and breaking bottles of liquor
that were on a shelf fronting the door,
but -missing a valuable glass case.
One of the signs in front of the saloon
had been torn from its fastenings and
thrown on the sidewalk. The wires sup
porting another large sign had been cut.
but the effort to pull It down had failed.
No report of the affair had been made
by the policeman on the beat, but Chief
Wittman was notified and he detailed De
tective Wren on the case. The proprietor
is at a loss to understand the motive that
prompted the act of vandalism.
Throw Pieces, of Cement Through
Glass Door and Tear Down
a Sign.
KRUTTSCHNITT BACK
FROM, EASTERN VISIT
! VANDALS TRY TO WRECK '
MARKET STREET SALOON
Frederick Monsen delivered a lecture
last night at the Academy of Sciences
Hall before a large and appreciative au
dience. His subject was "The Monuments
of a Prehistoric Race," and he showed
a large number of beautifully colored
pictures of the great Southwest and the
Navajo' Indians. From the very begin
ning until the end of the learned and in
teresting lecture the vast audience
showed its heartiest approval by giving
tho lecturer its undivided attention. The
wonderful scenes of the country were ap
plauded again and again.
There were pictures of great mountains
and passes and desert land, old castles
and strongholds built by the Indian,
caves of historic importance and pictur
esque valleys of sand hemmed in by red,
rugged mountains of strangest formation.
Monsen is to give another of his illus
trated lectures at the First Presbyterian
Church Friday evening, October SO.
Shows Beautiful Scenes of the Great
Southwest and Tells of Navajo
Indians.
FREDERICK MONSEN GIVES
A PICTURESQUE LECTURE
Eleanor L. Moore wants a divorce from
Thomas K. Moore on the ground of cru
elty. She says he has long wished her
to -secure a Oivorce, but that she. enjy
brought the suit because she could no
Jnnger stand his conduct. In her com
plaint she alleges that she married Moore
in this city eleven years ago. She says
that r few years after their marriage he
boat her and exhibited a revolver in a
threatening manner and then said to Ler,
"If you want grounds for a divorce he-re
ere plenty cf them." Sht also avers that
several days later he absented himself
from home and when he returned she
isked him where he had been. "I've been
out giving you grounds for divorce." she
alleges he said. There is one child, a
pirl.- 10 years of age, and Mrs. Moore
vants her custody.
• Suits for divorce for desertion were filed
trjr Grace M. Haggerty against John F.
Maggrerty and Jennie M. Brown against
William *T. Brown. Cruelty is alleged in
thfe complaint filed by Alma A. Ireland
n gainst George L. Ireland.
Divojces were granted to Beryle Barnes
Allen from Harry D. Allen for desertion,
r.tul. Martha M. Wise from John Wise for
r^iect.
A." Love began suit for divorce yester
cay from his wife, B. Love. He says she
lias admitted that she loves a former
sweetheart better than her husband. He
also asks for the custody of their two
children. The Loves were married In Au
ipust, 1S93.
People Whose Marital Halations Are
. Not Pleasant File Suits to have
Bonds Severed.
MORE UNHAPPY PAIRS
ARE SEEKING DIVORCE
I Other Defendants Will Also Have to
Stand Trial in the Superior
Court.
The preliminary examination of Edmond
I de Labrousse, charged with the murder
I of Miss Marie Jordan In front of her
¦ residence. 1459 Sacramento street, on Sep-
I tember 25, was concluded before Police
i Judge Cabaniss yesterday and he was
! held to answer before the Superior Court
I without bonds. The witnesses examined
were W. Jackson, a gripman; Dr. George
K Herzog and Detective Reynolds.
Richard Henry Vernon was held to
answer by Judge Cabaniss on a charge of
grand larceny in $2000 bonds. He is ac
! cused of breaking open the trunk of Wal
! ter Bock, a porter at the Colonial Hotel,
| on September 2S and stealing a gold watch
j and chain, pipe, revolver and bank book.
t He was arrested in the Hibernia Bank by
j Detective Armstrong while attempting to
i withdraw a portion of Beck's money.
Annie Roberts waa held to answer by
' Police Judge Mogan on a charge of grand
i larceny in 51000 bonds. He is accused of
i stealing a diamond ring, valued at $150,
i from T. W. Morris, IS Turk street, on Sep
j tember _S. .. ,
'Thomas J. Kenny was held to answer by
Police Judge Conlan on a charge of as
! sault with a deadly weapon in $1000 bonds.
! He is accused of striking Harry Slemmer.
j _5'_ Steuart street, with a beer glass on
i August 3.
BE I_ABBOTTSSE HELD ON
A CHARGE OF MURDER
Providing that no cobblestone pavement
shall be laid on any street whose gradient
is less than 15 per cent, no brick pavement
on gradients exceeding 12 per cent and no
basalt block pavement on gradients ex
ceeding 20 per cent.
Repealing certain old orders * con
flicting with the existing ordinances re
lating to pool selling on contests between
horses and dogs in order to clear up the
record.
The dome of the City Hall was ordered
to be lighted on the nights of October
20. 21, 22 and 23.
The Department of Electricity referred
to the board the petition of the San
Francisco Electric Protective Company
and the American - District Telegraph
Company, requesting direct connection be
tween the central offices and the Central
Fire and Police Alarm Station.
Accepting the roadway of Division
street, between Seventeenth and Eight
eenth, and of • Alabama street, between
Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth.
Accepting a deed from the S. Ducas
company to certain land required for the
opening of Ryan avenue, from Precita to
Peralta.
Secretary McCarthy of the Fire Com
mission contended that the moneys could
be used Indiscriminately so long as the
total expenditures did not exceed one
twelfth of the combined appropriation.
"We differ with you there," said Chair
man Brandensteln, "and we ¦ hold that
each item should be distinct ', from the
other. You will have to get the opinion
o*. the City Attorney in support of your
claim before we will pass tho demands."
The allowance under the one-twelfth ac:
for the last three months for expenses
was 124,500 and the expenditures for the
same time were $25,069 16, an overdraft of
$569 16. For salaries the allowance was
$184,735 50 and the amount expended was
$180,843 81, leaving a surplus of $3S93 69.
The fact that there is a surplus in the
salary account did not change the com
mittee"d determination to hold the Fira
Commission to a strict account for the in
dividual appropriations.
The petition of the Board of Works that
an ordinance be passed providing for the
construction of ground-floor pipe-casing
holes in and through the floor of any
building now erected or hereafter erected
where the basement is used for storing
goods in oroer to enable the Fire Depart
ment to promptly extinguish any fire oc
curring in such basement was referred to
the Fire Committee.
The following bills were finally passed:
Changing the name of Sullivan street to
Parnassus avenue. ,
The Supervisors' Finance Committee
yesterday declined to audit certain de
mands of the Fire Commission for Octo
ber aggregating $8471 12 until the City At
torney has rendered an opinion as to
whether the commission has the right to
overdraw its accounts In excess cf the
one-twelfth provision of the charter.
The refusal of the committee to sign the
demands arises over the fact that in the
budget the sum of $98,000 was allowed the
Fire Department for expenses and $844,450
for salaries.
All I need to demonstrate that I can do
what I say is a powerful enough motor of light
weight to propel properly the makeshift ar
rangements I have on my present car. These
propellers now are attached to the sides of the
car and are two In number. Instead of being
four In number, and being placed at the four
corners of the frame, where they can exert
the proper amount of leverage. I am hopeful
thet my recent experience will be the cause
of supplying me with sufficient funds to se
cure th« proper motor and then I will demon
strate beyond a doubt the feasibility of my
theories of navigating the air.
Since Dr. Greth's successful experi
ment there has arisen a crop of aeronauts
who are willing. to chance the dangers of
making an ascension In the machine he
invented and navigated. .Personally he is
opposed to further attempts until he has
secured proper motive power. He does
not fear that he will meet with disaster,
but he wishes to demonstrate beyond
doubt that he can direct the airship, and
he does not care to risk a faijure because
of defective machinery. The aeronaut
employed by the company, B. R. Saxby,
has announced his" willingness to make
an ascent with the present motor, and
yesterday told the lessee of the machine
that he could have everything in readi
ness by to-morrow. Tne matter was
taken under advisement, and it is pos
sible that a second ascent may be made
next Sunday. , .
NEEDS ONXY A MOTOR.
The greatest Improvement I hava made is
In the propellers. The Santos-Dumont frames
are equipped with only one stationary propeller
placed at tho end. Accordingly when It Is de
sired to ascend and the motor is started, the
balloon tips at an acute angle, and to right
jt It is necessary to use a sliding compensating
weight. The eame thing occurs when It is
desired to descend and again the weight must
be used. Any change in zone calls for the use
of- the compensating weight to enable the bal
loon to regain its horizontal position.
In my perfected machine there are four pro
pellers one at each cardinal point of the
frame 'and all worked through universal shafts
by one motor. These propellers can be worked
separately or together and at any angle. Just
the name as four oars in a boat. By their
proper manipulation the balloon can always
be held In a horizontal position and can be
raised, lowered and driven In any direction
desired.
Another thing I have done is to swing my
frame only seven feet below the balloon, ren
dering the machine more easily dirigible. ¦ The
other models have the frame swung twenty
feet below the balloon and this makes the
framework a drag on the buoyancy of the ma
chine and renders the balloon hard to control.
By my experiment I proved that the proximity
of the gasoline motor to the balloon was not
a dangerous factor.
The third and most feasible airship from a
pecuniary point of view Is a machine modeled
after the same principles adopted in- the one
I used in my trip Sunday. It consists of a
supporting balloon, elliptical in shape, and con
nected with a frame swung underneath It.
which carries the motor power and steering
gear ami a place for the navigator. The shape
of the balloon is the same as that in use by
Santos-Dumont and Spencer, but I have im
proved over them by doing away with the
balloonette. which is a smaller balloon filled
with air and designed to equalize the expan
sion In the hydrogen balloon. .
The balloonette 1b unsatisfactory because It
vitiates the hydrogen by introducing air into
It. Instead of that I have a special netting
over my balloon, which keeps It taut on top
and at the ends, even with a small supply
of gas and prevents the possibility of "buck
ling." Santos-Dumont met with a catastrophe
because his balloon doubled up on him. My
balloon will always preserve Its shape.
OTHER IMPROVEMENTS.
Accordingly we are left with two. .possible
problems. One is an airship with a. gas bag
inside and containing machinery and steering
appliances with accommodations for freight
and passengers. This must necessarily be on
a large scale and its size, which Increases the
carrying capacity according to the amount of
hydrogen gas. would have to be enormous.
To be properly dirigible and have a commer
cial value it would have to be as large as our
greatest ocean liners. I have models for this
kind of an airship and I hope to live to see
one completed along the lines of my plans.
The cost of It is all that deters me from con
structing one at present. -
FEASIBLE AIRSHIPS.
It consists of a balloon and a suspended
frame, which carries the motor, the pro
pelling and steering gear and the navi
gator. The navigator stands on a frail
platform with only a railing to keep him
from being pitched out. The wheel for
the steering gear and the levers operating
the propellers are within easy reach. The
deflated balloon was stretched along the
floor of the shed yesterday, and a consid
erable volume of gas still remained in it.
When inflated It has a length of seventy
five feet and a maximum diameter of
twenty-five feet It costs $300 to inflate
it with hydrogen gas. The generator
and cooling and purifying tanks are lo
cated outside the shed and the gas is fed
to the balloon through a silk leader.
Dr. Greth explained fully the exclusive
properties of his machine, as compared
to the Santos-Dumont and Spencer ma
chines. He said:
There are three kinds of flying 1 machines, so
called. The first In theory consists of a ma
chine that needs no buoyant attachment and
can raise Itself by its own force, as a bird
does. As I have said, I regard this sort of a
machlno impossible in the present development
of force. The weight of the best power wa
have increases in geometrical proportion to it;
raisins power, so that if we have an engine
weighing two pounds, for instance, and capa
ble of raising two pounds from the earth by
itself, and should desire to double its raising
capacity, we would have to increase its weight
to eight pounds. Manifestly, when we desire
to utilize ruch power to raise a ton, for in
stance, the weight of the engine alone would
be fo great as to preclude It raising.-. Itself.
Birds do not grow to large size because an
increase In their weight would preclude their
flying freely.
DESCRIPTION" OF MACHINE.
Safely housed in a shed in the vacant
lot in the rear of the premises at
Eleventh and Market streets, the Greth
airship was viewed yesterday by. thou
sands of curious sightseers, who were
anxious to gain a more intimate acquaint
ance with the strange craft they had
seen sailing through the heavens Sun
day morning. As far as could be ascer
tained the mechanism escaped injury dur
ing the voyage and descent The Inventor
and navigator, well groomed and showing
no traces of his perilous voyage, was in
attendance most of the day, good
naturedly answering questions and ex
plaining to the inquisitive the theory of
his aerial machine. There is nothing in
his manner to suggest the great ad
venturer. He regards his trial trip as a
success, but he underestimates the danger
and laughingly dismisses ail references
to his courage.
"It is as safe as riding in a street car
and infinitely more pleasant," he said.
"All one has to do is to know one's busi
ness and keep one's head."
There is no secret regarding the mechan
ism of this airship. It is not kept under
lock and key and accessible only to the
inventor, as is the case with the Langley
machine. Whatever exclusive properties
it has are protected by patents and the
manipulation of it is apparent to a lay
man.
The hearing of the protest against the
assessment for a sewer in Richland
avenue was turned over to the street
committee for investigation.
The board passed to print an ordinance
repealing ordinance No. 972, fixing the tax
rate for municipal purposes at 84.4 cents
per $100, assessed valuation, based on the
raise in the assessment roll by the State
Board of Equalization. Action was taken
on a decision of the Supreme Court that
the legal rate is $1,076, based on the lower
valuation- as returned by Assessor Dodge.
The City Attorney advised the board
either to pay the Judgments obtained
against the city, and fixing the value of
lands belonging to Joseph Musto and
Martin Colmann, or else to decide not to
purchase the lands at the figures fixed
by the court and dismissing the proceed
ings.
A proposed ordinance regulating the
maintenance of maternity hospitals, Jy
ing-in asylums and homes for children
was referred to the health committal.
That all objectionable buildings be re
moved in the block bounded by Sixteenth
street, Division street, San Bruno avenue
and Rhode Island street, which it is said
the Western Pacific Company proposes to
acquire.
That the company will improve- all
streets in the vicinity of the property to
be acquired.
The board referred back to the Board
of Works for action the petition from the
Laborers' Protective Union requesting an
increase in the salaries of all the laborers
employed under the Jurisdiction of the
Board of Public Works from $2 50 to $3
per day.
Attention is called to the charter pro
visions and an ordinance under which the
power vests in the Board of Public "Works
to determine the compensation to be paid
to its employes. The attention of the
board is also called to the fact that It is
in a better position to determine the com
pensation of its own employes than is an
other department of the municipal gov
ernment, and it is the opinion of the
Board of Supervisors that the matter con
tained in the petition of the Laborers'
Protective Union deserves an immediate
and careful hearing and determination.
The resolution setting aside $5000 out of
the fund for urgent necessities to be ex
pended under the direction of the board,
with the advice of the Health Board, in
the continuance of the- sanitary proce
dures now in progress in Chinatown, was
finally passed.
The communication of the Lick and
Wllmerding District Improvement Club
that it is in favor, on certain conditions,
of the grant of franchise to the Western
Pacific Railway Company along Sixteenth
street from Kansas street to the bay was
referred to the street committee. The
conditions are:
That Kansas street ba left open at all
times to traffic.
That San Bruno avenue be opened to
Ninth street.
An ordinance was introduced at yester
day's meeting of the "Board of Super
visors by D'Ancona and referred to
the police committee providing for the
licensing of any shooting gallery at
large which may be maintained by
any regularly organized revolver, pis
tol or rifle club having an enrolled
membership of ten or more per
sons. The ordinance fixes the license at
$10 per year and gives the Chief of Po
lice power to Inspect any such gallery or
range.
After some heated discussions, Buck
left to get legal assistance, thinking his
wife would certainly remain at the farm
over night. No sooner, however, was his
back turned than Mrs. Buck hustled her
children into the buggy, once more and
hurried for the train, but. seeing her hus
band near the depot with two men, she
took another road and caught an electric
car bound for Erie. From that moment
her course was clear, and Mrs. Buck, and
her children arrived safely back in this
<jKy on Sunday afternoon.
Arriving soon after. Buck and his com
panions surrounded the house: but it was
evident that he knew from the first that
the children had been taken by his wife,
and not by a gipsy.
.Mrs. Buck saw her pursuers; her good
horpe answered her urging, and she ar
rived first across the State line and got
shelter at the farm of O. L. Lathrop, at
North East.
A DESPERATE RACE.
On Thursday. September 24. she took
train for New York State, and when there
familiarized herself with the vicinity of
her husband's farm and the outlying
country. She also made herself acquaint
ed with every railroad and street-car ser
vice, and, when ready, which happened to
be last Tuesday, October 13, she hired a
swift horse in the neighborhood of Mina,
and, heavily veiled, droved past the farm,
where she saw Buck at work, and await
ed the coming of her children from school.
When they came In sight Mrs. Buck
threw back her veil, and a pathetic scene
followed the reunion. John and his sister
climbed into the buggy and willingly con
sented to be concealed. The elated mother
then gave the horse his head and sped
toward the Pennsylvania State line, some
ten miles away. In the meantime Buck
had been apprised that a gipsy had kid
naped his children, and soon the news
spread, and constables, deputy sheriffs
and farmers, on horses and In buggies
and hay wagons, and armed with pitch
forks and pickhandles, were hot In pur
suit.
MOTHER MEETS CHILDREN.
In March last John S. Buck, a motor
man In the employ of the United Railroads
Company, by a subterfuge secured pos
session of his two children, John, 6 years
of age, and Margaret, aged 7. who were
visiting their grandmother at Dougherty.
Alameda County, and took them, un
known to their mother, to New York
State.
Mrs. Buck, whose ten years of married
life had not been harmonious, after she
found- that her children had been spirited
away, made Inquiries throughout San
Francisco and neighboring cities for her
children, but it was only recently,
through the aid of Secretary M. J. Whlto
of the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Children, that she was mado
aware that they were living with Buck on
a farm at Mina, New York State.
Instead of giving her time up to weep
ing and wringing her hands over the loss
of her. boy and girl, Mrs. Buck set to
work to accumulate enough money to
travel East and rescue the children. With
this purpose In view, she accepted the
position of- a nurse, and when she had
saved $300 prepared for her venturesome
Journey.
G. B. Hunter and the Wallsend Ship
way Company, the California and Ori
ental Steamship Company and the steam
ship Belgian King against the Damp
skibsselskabct Tellus, Northern District
of California. Affirmed.
D. A- Petterson and Annie D. Petter
son vs. Frank M. Berry, District of Alas
ka, Division No. 1. Affirmed.
London and San Francisco Bank. Limited,
vs. Dexter. Horton & Co.. bankers. and
othere— District of Washington, Northern Di
vision—That rart of the decree of the Circuit
Court adjudging that the appellant had an
equitable lien ui>on the land described In the
bill of complaint for the turn of $11,016 47.
the amount of the advance* for payment or
taxes thereon, with Interest to the date of
the decree, la affirmed. The remainder of
the decree Is reversed, -with Instructions to
enter » decree for the foreclosure and sale 01
the lands described In the bill of complaint
and providing that the appellee shall have the
right of redemption as the euccessor In inter
est of the mortgagor.
A dissenting opinion was filed by Judge
Gilbert, who says In part:
I am unable to concur In that portion of
the opinion which holds that the trial court
erred In not ordering under the prayer for
general relief that a new tale of the mort
gaged premises be had. The rule la well «et
tled that under the prayer for general relief
the court may decree only such relief as la
conformable to the case made by the bill.
• • • I eubm.lt that before such relief can
be afforded In the present suit at least the
epeclflc rrayer for relief must be amended
and the corporation appellee must be afforded
an opportunity to meet the case so made.
The following opinions were also handed
down:
United States Circuit Judges Gilbert,
Ross and Morrow, sitting as the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals, handed
down several opinions yesterday, as fol
lows:
Th« recent transfer cf the interests of
•he' Davlca Box and Lumber Company to
. .:-.-» California Pine Box and" Lumber
> "mpar.y. a recently formed corporation,
fan provoked strife among the members
of the family of the late Llewellyn
;"iv!es. Yesterday three daughters of
._*avie«. Eliza Thorrold. Sarah Sinclair
i.r.d Rose Richards, petitioned the Bti
t °iior Court to set aside a transfer of the
interact! of the Davles family In the first
vamed company to the California Pine
•I'ox and Lumber Company. They claim
..that the consent to the transfer was ob
tained from their mother, Jane Davles,
.)•>• Arthur Davles, their brother, by fraud
•:-.n«l misrepresentation.
According to the document filed yester
day by the daug-hters of Davies, when
I>avJes died last January h« left a will
t>e<iuea.thir:- his valuable estate, consist
ing principally of his interests in the
I^avles Box and Lumber Company, to his
xvidow, Jane Davles. To each of his four
caKghters, Eliza Thorrold, Sarah Sinclair.
Bosa Richards and Amelia Moran. and
his three sons, Richard, Llewellyn and
Arthur, he left $5 each. The two last
r.amed and the widow were appointed In
the avffl as executors thereof.
Arthur and Llewellyn refused to serve
ar.d the widow was given sole charge of
the "estate.
It is now claimed by the three sisters
tfcnt their brother, Arthur, through his
Influence over their mother, # has pre
vailed upon her to act In such a manner
that the interests of the rest of the fam-
J!y have been hazarded. They say that
he misrepresented facts to her and secured
f-.rr signature to a document giving- to the
California Pine Box ar.d Lumber Com
pany the entire Interests of the Davles
family in the Davles Box and Lumber
Company, the principal asset of the
I >u vies estate, ar.d they want the deed
: br afsipnment by which the transfer was
made set aside on the ground that it was
fraudulently obtained.
Ordinanc3 Introduced to Ren
der Basements Safe
From Flames.
His Machine Escapes Injury
in Its Recent Flight
and Descent.
Appellant Is Declared to
Have Equitable Lien
for SI 1.01 5 47.
Though in Strange City Wife
Naively Outwits i
Hnsband.
Improvement Club Favors
the Franchise for Western
Pacific Company.
Say Brother Misrepresented
Conditions to Their
Mother.
Says With Proper Power
He Can Navigate
the Air.
Supervisors to Consider
Proposed Restrictive
Ordinance.
After a Chase Mrs. Buck
Gains Possession
of Children.
Object to Transfer of
Interest in Lumber
Company.
Dispute Between Banks
Is Passed Upon by
Higher Court.
Supervisors Deliver Ul
timatum to Fire Com
missioners.
MUST COMPLY
WITH CHARTER
WOULD LICENSE
SHOOTING CLUBS
PLUCKY MOTHER
WINS THE DAY
AERONAUT GRETH
NEEDS A MOTOR
SISTERS ACCUSE
DAVIES OF FRAUD
APPEAL JUDGES
GIVE DECISIONS
THE SAN JCKAISCISCO. CAI.L, . TUESDAY, OUTOBER 20, 1903.
Commencing Oct. '21, train for Bakersfleld
leaving San Francisco 11:25 p.- m." will be dis
continued. New train wl'l leave. 3:30 p. m.
for Fresno, via Martinez and Merced, ma king:
all stops.' Owl limited, southbound, will stop at
Newman and Los Banos and carry Bakenfleld
•leepei. *
Changes in Fresno and Bakersfleld
Trains .Via Southern Pacific. -
The suit of Harry Costen. secretary of
the Cornice Workers'. Union, for a writ
of mandate compelling the Building
Trades Council to restore his union to
membership was dismissed without preju
dice-yesterday -by Judge Seawell. The
court found that Costen had made no
proper demand for reinstatement.
9
Pears'
the soap . for fair,
white hands, bright
clear complexion,
soft, healthful skin.
Sold all over the world.
.CUTI-ERJiT
ETffimAlORRBMB)
UNITED STATES BRANCH
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AJTATR3
OS 1 TUB
Transatlantic Fife
INSURANCE COMPANY
OP HAMBUBO, IN THE STATE OF GER-
many, on the 31st day of Decemb«r, A.
D. 1902. and for tba year ending on that day.
aa made to the- Insurance. Commissioner of tha
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code.
condensed as per blank furnished by tha Com-
missioner.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $429,800 00
Cash In Company's Of nee 4.747 21
Cash in Banlta 27.737 SO
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Lcana 3.883 00
Premiums la due Course of Collec-
tion 81,-37 01
Due from other Companies for re-
tnsuranco on' losses already paid.. S34 79
Certificates of Deposit la hands of
United States Trustees 49.000 00
Tctal Assets «.139«,491 jS
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid 9 820 00
Losses in procesa of Adjustment or
in Suspense 13.821 53
Losses resisted. Including: expenses. 4.133 00
Cross premiums on Fir* Riak- run-
ning one year or less. $275,704 78;
reinsurance 50 per cent 137,803 33
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $172,810;
reinsurance pro rata 99,877 63
Commissions and Brokerage du» and
to become due • 20,808 03
Total Liabilities .$277.811 Sj
INCOME. •
Net cash actually received for *Tr»
premiums $328,«33 41
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources 18.949 03
Total Income -$347.603 43
EXPENDITURES. — — —
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $38.71135. losses of Pre-
vious years) ••• $134.037 73
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 80.313 10
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc... 18.731 73
Paid for State. National and Local
An*other"*payinent3 and expenditures 18.073 91
Remittance to Home Office 438 21
Total Expenditures i. -V^Ma 73
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $163.433 29
Risks and Premlums.lFlre Risks. Premiums.
__________ — — — — — 1 — — — — — — — -
Net amount of Risks
written during the
Tear $33,042,876 $489.839 83
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
yea- 33.863.596 467.743 19
Net amount In force
December 31. 1902. . 30.411.638 443.514 78
LEO A. LOEB, Assistant U. S. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 23d
day of January. 1903.
ARTHUR A. LOEB. Notary Public.
PACIFIC DS?ABTMEHT ESTABLISHED Cf 1872.
213 Sansome Street
San Francisco, CaL
V. C. DRIFFIELD. Manager.
SUMMER AHD WINTER RESORTS.
TUSCAN £l&!£gk.
Open the year round. ALL C.\.Si:a OV
RHEUMATISM. GOUT AND BLOOD DIS-
KASES TAKEN UNDER A GUARANTEE TO
CURE IN FROM TWO TO THREE MONTHS'
TIME OR ALL EXPENSES. INCLUDINO
RAILROAD FARES BOTH WATS. RE-
FUNDED. Kidney troubles. Dropsy, Diabetes.
Stone In the Kidney or Bladder, Catarrh of th»
Bladder. Cystitlsv Diseases of the Genlto-Url-
nary Organs, Delicate Women, Skin Diseases.
Scrofula and General Debility are treated with
pre-eminent success. Any case of Malaria,
cured in from ten days to two weeks. Never
a failure known.
Among? the thousands of cases that hav* been
treated here In the last 13 years there has
never been a DEATH. Send 60c for a bottle of
Catarrh Salts and sample 'of Metal Polish.
Products of Tuscan Springs. Round-trip tickets
at reduced rates. Inquire of any Southern Pa-
cific Railroad agent. TUSCAN MINERAL
SPRINGS CORP.. Tuscan Springs. Cai.
FRANK J. HULEN. Manager.
ACUA CALIENTE SPRINGS
OPEN ALL YEAH ROUND. Natural hot
sulphur springs, temperature 115 degrees. No
staging Fare $1 10. Sure cure for rheuma-
tism, asthma, kidney and liver troubles. Tul>
and hot -plunge baths. The lar-esj mineral
water swimming tank la the State. Compe-
tent lady and gentlemen masseurs; •wlmmtn*
teacher. Special rates from now otuPecks.
II Montgomery st. THEODOR RICHARDS.
Asrua Caliente. Sonoma County.
REBUILDING
Woman Makes Students Over.
"Some of the professors Jn the univer-
sity have noticed the change, too, for the
Mudonfg brain when fed on Grape-Nuts
i^ clear and active, the memory is good
arid his ambitions appear to be height-
•fMed, because the body and brain are in
cood. cteady condition." Name given by
Postum Co., Battle Creek. Mich.
Look in each package for a copy of the
famous little book "The Road to Well-
vllle."
This worked llk«i a charm, and one after
another followed the example, until now
? is the principal article of diet
Cor bre-akfaet and luncheon in the club.
i !f-rtlon of food, and It was not long
< fore I persuaded some of them to -tako
r.Jy Graj>e-Nuts with cream for luncheon.
"I had btcn Kick for a long time and
was a nervous wrc-ck. suffering from head-
echc, falntness, distended stomach, palpi-
tation and great heart disturbances.
"Two physicians eaid that I had val-
vular trouble of the heart. I was then a
widow, living aJone, and was often too ill
to _TCt my mcaJs. Hearing of Grape-Nuts
as a ready cocked food, I purchased a
r ackage for convenience only, thinking It
would at least keep me from starving.
"It was delicious, and after a week's
diet with little besides Grape-Nuts and
cream I had improved so as to be a won-
der to myself. Then I took on Postum
'Coffee in place of tea and coffee and con-
t-'.r.ued the steady use of both Grape-Nuts
fend Postum. This was a year ago and
to-day 1 am a well woman, for my heart
disease is cone along with all my other
ta.d symptoms.
"Some time ago I took charge of a
boarding club of Ftudcnts of our univer-
f!ty and, following their Instructions, I
cave them luncheons made up of biscuits
or light bread, cold meat and coffee. . The
result on the students was that many of
"riom suffered from headaches, dullness
4 Inability to apply themselves to study
ftrr luncheon.
I knew that the trouble was the wrong
A lady who used a famous food for con-
venience made a discovery that she«tells
of as follows:
GRAPE-NUTS
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BACKED
by sixty years
of practical
experience*
Pabst
Beeir
is the pure,
healtlifulHencl 5
ing of choicest
hops and fin*
est barley un a
der scientific
cally perfect
conditions.TO SAIL.
United States I Coast and Geodetic • Survey —
Time and . Heights - of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance - to ' San
Sun, Moon and Tide.
The eteam schooner NewEboy arrived yes
terday from Port Denniscn with a, cargo of
fresh vegetables. This Is the first of a aeries
of regular runs the Keweboy will make between
Brings Cargo of Vegetables.
FROM SEATTLE.
• Steamer. For.- • I Sails.-'
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 20
City Seattle.. Skag way. &. Way. Ports. Oct. 20
Humboldt Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. ¦ 21
Nome City.:.. Cooks In'.ct & Way Pts; Oct. 25
Cottage City . . Skagway • & . Way -Ports . Oct. 26
City Topeka . . Skagway & ¦ Way Ports . [Oct. 23
The steamer AJameda. which sailbd on Sat
urday for Honolulu, carried an assorted mer
chandise cargo valued at $1S8,O51. and in
cluding the following: 6S8 t»bls flour. 2932
pkg« fresh fruits, 2CC57 lbs 33 pkgs dressed
poultry. 54C8 lbs fresh meat. 2fi2 |.kgs fresh
vegetables. 12S6 eks potatoes, ' 394 *kb onions,
12.375 lbs 10 pkgg butter. K252 lbs 5 pkgs
cheese. 133 cs eggs. 6105 gals 8 cs wine. lg.Olti
lbs 5 cs bread.' 24 cs liquors, 1044 lbs 'glucose,
f>S» ctls corn. 305 etls barley, ln.C.ir, ;b« 150 sks
middlings, 00 ctls wheat. 16.423 lbs 75 ' sks
bran. <J4 cs 51 gals whisky, 2.J cs mineral
water, 24.220 lbs. ham and bacon. .03,2(55 lbs
malt. 2231 lbs . hoos, 16.010 lbs lard, 708 cs
canned goods. 1118 pkes groceries and pro
visions, <i2 ca 52 pkgs salmon, H..T.0 lbs cod
fish, 3074 lbs beans, 2157 lbs raisins. -5870 lbs"
dried fruit, 38 pkgB paste, 2033 lbs candy.
The Alain eda's Cargo.
day morning for reinsurance four had arrived
before the business day ended. The, Crown
of Scotland rracht.-<l this port; the Catharlna,
which wa« reinsured on account of the finding
V.f wreckage marked with her name, reached
I>elagoa JSay; the Dochra arrived at Rock
liampton and the Antares Ib reported eafe at
Adelaide. Those still on the board are: St.
JIungo. out K'l days from Acapulco for Taltal.
quoted at 40 per cent: Alice Narle. out ISO
days from Newcastle, England, for this port.
10 per cent; Fife*hire. from ManiU for New
Caledonia, out 7-t days, 15 i>er cent, and the
. Krminia, out HO days, from Manila for Mel
bourne. 10 per cent.
Of the eight overdue vessels quoted yester-
Four Overdues Arrive.
In addition to the foregoing the steamer
carried 3125 lbs raisins and 30,000 lbs prunes,
valued at $507. en route to Winnipeg, and
250 cs canned fruit, valued at $48S, for Duluth,
Minn. :.-•_ -
The eteamer City of Puebla sailed for Vic
toria on Sunday with an assorted merchandise
cargo consigned to the port of destination and
the principal British Columbian ports . valued
at $13,414 and including the following: 46,318
lbs raisins. 0765 lbs dried fruit, 738 pkgs fresh
fruit, «7 pkgs fresh vegetables, 374 gals wine,
lfiSMJ lbs meals. 17.H25 lbs malt, 27 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions. 177« lbs shrimps, 136 lbs
cheese, 540 lbs chocolate, 17 cs cyrup, 10 es
drugs.' r>7<i'» lbs coffee. 315 es canned good?,.
S52 pkgs paste. 2 cs olives, 6 eg olive oil. 303
lbs dried fish. 25 cs liquors. 0041 . lbs beans.
M) pkgs onions. 1 cs hats. 1 cs dry goods. 10
I&gs sewing machines, - 10 rolls paper, 20,010
lbs fertilizer. 04 pkgs machinery, 0 cs arms
and ammunition, 4 pkgs electrical supplies,
4710 pigs lead, 5 pkgs paints and oils. • .
Exports for the North.
An oil barge lying at Pteuart street wharf,
alongside the ship Ftar of Italy, took fire yes
terday afternoon and for a few minutes mat
ters looked % - ery serious for the salmon ship.
A few buckets of water, however, promptly
*ni properly applied, extinguished the fire,
which, though insignificant and short lived,
was big enough to form the* foundation of a
rumor that gave the local marine underwriters
a few unpleasant thrills. By the time the
*tcry. of the blaze reached California street
the yarn had developed until It told of the
destruction of the Star of Italy and a large
part of her valuable cargo. Traveling with the
tale were details of how the salmon blazed
and a dozen explanations of the fire's origin.
The Star of Italy, however, was rot even
warmed by the short lived blaze and the great
**t excitement was caused by a discussion of
what might have happened.
Small Blaze Starts Big Yarn.
The British shlD Wasdale was cleared for
London yesterday with 33,914 cs canned fruit.
1S61 ce canned asparagus. 0 cs canned veg
etables. 35,773 ctls barley, 9285 gals wine,
25.7S5 lbs cascara and 114,901 lbs tallow, valued
at $166,439. The vessel also had 20,000 feet
lumber as dunnage, valued at $300.
An Assorted Cargo for London.
Destination. Sails. Pier.
October 20.
S. Barbara. Seattle & Olympla. 4 pm Pier 2
Californian. New York direct Pier 23
Uarda Hamburg Way Pts. 2 pm Pier IB
Rainier Seattle- & Whateom 4 pm Pier 10
' October 21.
Czarina.... Coos Bay direct... 5 pm Pier 8
Eureka Humboldt 4 pm Pier 13
Arcata Coos B. & Pl.Orford 4 pm Pier 13
October 22., • • , ,
Phoenix.... Mendocino City.... I pm Pier 13
San Pedro. . Los Ange'es Ports. 4. pm Pier 2
Corona Humboldt l:30pPler0
Arctic Humboldt 4 pm Pier 10
State of Cal San Dlcgo & Way. 0 am Pier It
N. Fork Humboldt ......... 5 pm Pier 2
8.' Portland. Astoria & Portland 6 pm Pier 2
October 23.
Islg..... ... Humboldt Way Pts 2 pm Pier 10
Siberia China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
_ , • ""October 24. .
F. Leggett.. Log Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
S.Monica.. Los Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 2
Pt. Arena., point Arena ...... 4 pm Pier 2
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Centralia.. drays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Barracouta. n. y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
October 2.*S.
S. Rosa.... San Diego & 'Way. 0 am Pier 11
Pomona Humboldt •.....:... 1:30 p Fler~ 0
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 amlPler 24
October 20. ' I
J. Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier • 2
Marlposa... Tahiti 11 am Pier 7
October 27. -
Nevada n... Honolulu 3 pm Pier 20
Rival Wlllapa Harbor .'. 4 pm|PIer '2
"October '28. |
Queen Puget Sound Ports. Ill amlPler .9
October 2». j . " | ... . .
Sierra Sydney & Way Pts.f 2 pm|Pier .7
The French bark Leon Bureau was cleared
yesterday for Adelaide, Australia, with 1,278,-
C70 ft lumber. 1200 pkgs metal polish and 88
pkgs sewing machines and parts, valued at
158,577.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The Time Ball on the tower of, the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
i. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich time." • .. .
' * J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant, U. ¦ S. N.. In charge.
Branch • Hydrographlc- Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchanre, • San • Francisco, Cal.,
October 19, 10tt{. . .':
Time Ball.
Steamer. From. | Due.
Phoenix Mendoclno City.: |Oct. 2il
Isi" .Seattle |Oct. 20
Redondo Han Pedro iOct. 20
Arcata Coos Bay & Port Orford Oct.* '£0
Corona Humboldt Oct. 20
American. New York Oct. 20
S. Portland.. Portland & Astoria Oct. 20
laqua Humboldt Oct. 21
Arctic Humboldt Oct 21
Coptic China & Japan IOct. 21
Eureka Humboldt '. |Oct. 21
Coos Bay. .-. . San Pedro & Way Ports Oct. 21
Acapulco New York via Panama. Oct. 21
Ramses Hamburg & Way Ports. Oct. 21
J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma Oct. 21
Mlneola Tacoma IOct. 22
San Pedro. . . Humboldt !Oct. 22
G. Llndauer.. Grays Harbor I Oct. 22
Santa. Rosa.. | San Diego & Way Ports Oct. 22
Point Arena..' Mendoclno & Pt. Arena. Oct. 22
G. W. Elder I Portland & Astoria Oct. 22
Pomona I Humboldt Oct. 23
F. H. Leggett . Humboldt Oct. 24
S. Monica San Pedro Oct. 24
Queen Puget Sound Ports Oct. 24
Rival Willapa Harbor Oct. 24
Ramses | Hamburg & Way Ports. Oct. 25
Bonlta ] Newport & Way Ports. Oct. 25
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports'Oct. 26
Chlco Coqullle River (Oct 27
Columbia Portland & Astoria |Oct. 27
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Oct. 27
Curacao Mexican Ports Oct. 27
Peru.... New York via Panama. Oct. 28
Nlcarla Hrmburg ic Way Ports. Oct. 2.S
North Fork . . Humboldt Oct. 2S
Centennlnl Seattle & Tacoma Oct. 28
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports Oct 20
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the
NOTE — The hlrh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
TUESDAY. 'OCTOBER .20.
Sun rises ••....-.- 6^3
Sun sets 5-215
Moon inew) sets ....::...:... Q-.QQ p. m.
C iTlme! JTimel JTlme Time]
£ i i Ft. 1— I Ft. \- 'Ft. Ft.
? il wi Ik wl • jL'w " h w|
20 I 4:341 1 4!1O:.*.7 5.0 5:11 0.0! | ~.
|H Wi L W H'W ' L Wl
21 i 0:05 .V2 6:13 1.8 11:35 . R.S 5:57 — O.'J
22 I 0:57! 5.1 5:54 2.1 12:12 5.7 0:421— 0.2
23 I 1:47 j 5.0 6:?0 2.5|12:50 5.f. 7:30—0.1
24 I 2:40! 4. 81 7:22 |2JBUl^2 5.3 S:20 0.1
25 I 3:36| 4.7| S:17| 3.0|.2:23 5.0| 0:12 0.3
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early mcrnlnc tides are Riven In the left
hand column end the .successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tides of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. ., The heights Riven axe in
addition to the soundings 'of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except- when. a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from: the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low -waters. v -¦ -
Sierra Arrives From Australia
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner
Sierra, Captain Houdlette. arrived j ester-day
irotn the Antipodes. Fine weather was en
counterrd throuphout the passage ar*d the mail
ttcamship reached r>ort well within the limits
r-f the tfhedule to which the Sierra and her
Fitters adhere with a punctuality that should
chfcrne an overland railroad train.
The SXrra brought 171 r<ast>engprs and about
1000 tons of cargo. In her treasure room the
carried EnrHsh fovereicns valued at $:»0,000.
Fhe was -1 days. IS hours from S;y£ney and
.'. days, 11 hour* from Honolulu.
Her j>astenpers included the following
named:
From Sydney — TV. J. Finlay, J. F. Guthrie.
Mrs. Guthrie, Miss H. E. Mathews, S. P. Jones.
T. -C. Booth. J. B. Byrne. Virgil L. Power,
Asher Smith H. C Norrls Jr.. Mtss Byrne,
Mrs. Byrne. Mrs. J. T. Falk. Miss J. A. Falk.
Miss P. BL Falk, Mrs. llraithwaite. Master
i;ra.ithwait«-. Miss Evelyn Melton. M. O. Cooper,
Miss J. A. D:<-kson. MiF? H. Howard. Miss C.
E. Dlckson, Miss M. I>oherty. C. Grant. Mrs.
C^rant and eight children. F. P. l^ray. Miss
Jennie Morrison Mr?. W. J. Thorburn and
child. Miss Jennie Nelson. Mr?. W. J. Bal
four. Master Bulfour. Miss Nicholson Power,
Clem Simpyrtn. Jajn^s Herrigan, James VI'. Gra
ham. A. Thornburn.
Auckland— Mr. Drake, Mrs. Drake. Miss A.
Erennan. Mir* Amy Drake, Alfred Drake, Mrs.
N. Brennan, Miss Hilda Drake, Miss Maggie
IHake Master II. Drake, r. Volley. J. Smith.
H. H. *=awy«T. S. I>. KruRRF. Mrs. S. U.
KrucKS. Mrs. J?. 1'hillir*. Mrs. Baine and two
children. Mrs. S. Elliott. Kenneth Harrier. S.
Phillips. J- Power. Frank Mlllner. Wiliiam E.
Mitchell. A. Mitchell. Mathew Bums, G.
Weizel.
From ¦ Paco Paco — Mr. Uawei. William H.
Dyke, N. B. Ronk C. O. Schindler, Otto Holl
hc-m. Mrs. C. C. Black.
Honolulu — Mr. Ferry. Mrs. Ferry, P. C.
Jones. Hon. «. N. WUcox. C. H. Wllcox.
lieutenant Commander M. Tadie (F. N.). Hon.
Thomai! Fitch. Mrf. Fitch. S. H. Rose, J.
Kensier, Mr. Mihara. Mrs. Mihara. Cclonel Mc-
Jyellan tV. S. A). D. Dowsett. Mrs. Dowsett,
\V. G Copper. Miss H. E. Pearson. Miss E.
G. Cartwrie-ht. H. E. Wally, P. B. Boulton. H.
Houlton. Mrs. H. Boulton, Miss E. Boulton.
Mr. Jenef«r. E. Ratiean. W. Allart, A. W.
Ivjwe. S. Navaro. Nacamatsu. Mrs. It. Wilson
Kawasaki. Miss M. Voss. O. F. TV. Vow. Mrs.
Kemme and son. W. Ensworth. Mrs. D. Nlcol
ron and Oauffhter, Harry Johnson, Alfred John
son, W. Haeiler. H. Hasiler. J. J. Zoch. W.
W. Rtrauh. Mrs. Ktrauh. M. Whitney, the
Misses Nioolai. MIfs E. M. Perry. Mr. Brent,
Mrs. Brent E. M. Blajiock, A. S. Ferrin
Shipping Intelligence.
."? ARRIVED.' -
¦ " ' ' Monday. October 10.
Stmr Sierra. Houdlette. 21 «lays 10 hours IB
mln from Sydney, j via- Honolulu 6 .days 11
hours. 30 mln. . . ¦ . ¦ . - .
Stmr Newsboy, Adler.! 4 hours from Port
Dennlson. • * .. - •
_ Stmr North Fork. ; Nelson, • 28 : hours from
) Stmr. Aberdeen, -Daniels, -76 hours from Port
land: ¦ 1 1 ¦ , .
Stmr Fulton. Lee. : 55 hours 'from 8an Dlero.
• Stmr Alcazar, Winkel. 42 hours from San
Pedro. ¦ .....•';• . r
Stmr Umatilla, Nopander, 60. hours from Vic
toria. . .. r
Stmr Samoa, ' Madsen,' 40 ', hours ' from San
Pedro.
Stmr Acme, Lundquist, — hours from Frank
port. . ....... .....
Stmr State of California. Thomas, 40 hours
from San Diego.
Ship Star of Russia, Lindbery, 15 days from
Xorluk. . * 1 --..
Br ship Crown of Scotland,. Jenkins, 206 days
from. Lelth, via Newcastle.- England, 102 days
Hark Amy Turner, Warland, 1 23 1 days f roni
Hllo.' ' -
Schr Halcyon, Schroeder, 10 days from Grays
Harbor. ,...'•
¦ CLEARED. . > ¦
Monday.' October 10.
Stmr Pomona,- Swansen, Eureka;. Pac Coast
S S ' Co. . . - ,
. Stmr'Bonlta, Alberts, San Pedro; Pae Coast
S»S.Co. ¦ '.'.:.'¦
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria; O R A N Co
Br stmr Algoa. Lockett, Portland; Pae Mali
S S Co. ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ '
Fr shlD Leon Bureau. Richard, Adelaide- J
J Moore & Co. ¦.,./¦
¦ Br ship "Wasdale, ' ' Hamond; ' London; O W
McNear.
-^: .; : sailed. •
(j Bundny, Octobtr 18.
• Stmr Coronado. . Peterson, Grays. Harbor.
¦ • . ; Monday, October 10.
Stmr Pomona. Swansen. Eureka.'
Stmr "Alcazar. Martin, Greenwood.
Stmr Newsboy,' Adler. 'Port Denlson.
. Stmr -Santa Cruz, Glelow.Moas- landing.
. Stmr South Bay. Jamieson, Eureka.
Schr-Repeat. Wilson.- WUlapa Harbor.
Schr "Wllbert L Smith. Ross Falrhaven.
¦TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Oct » 10.. 10.. p rn— Weather
thick; wind SW; velocity 8 miles per hour.
-•'SPOKEN.-
Sept lftTT-Lat 4 S long 26 W, ehlp.Fort George
from Honolulu forj Delaware Breakwater.
MISCELLANEOUS. .:
LONDON, Oct 18— Advices state that Br ship
Mlltonburn, -from, Whatcora, and Br ship Ly
derhom, from ' Ballard,' dragged ' anchors and
drifted a3hpre° at Delasoa Bay.; Both came off
at high tide. Former's- bottom is supposed to
bo Injured. ;•.:,<¦;! • • • ; .
MEMORANDUM. .,.
Per ship Crown of "Scotland— June 7, in-lat
30 34 S. long. 44 33'W.' B'.F' Elvesskirch, sea
man, » native of, Germany. - aged ,65 .years, fell
from the malnyard overboard and was drowned.
It was impossible. to to lower a boat, as It was
blowing a gale at the time. „ - ...
[ ¦ 1 - - . DOMESTIC PORTS.; „
COOS BAY— 8alled' Oct / 18^-Stmn Arcata
and Empire,' for San Francisco, v ' - •
; EUREKA— Sailed : Oct - 19-^-Stmr Corona and
CHERBOUnO — Arrived Oct 10— Stmr
Deutschland, from . New York, via Plymouth,
for Hnmbunr, and proceeded.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Oct 10— Stmr Hohen
zollern. from New York, for Naples and Genoa,
and . proceeded .
NANTUCKET LIGHTSHIP, Oct 10— Minne
apolis, from London for New York, In commu
nication at 1:1ft p -m. £<j$g&gQtax,**pai*ll
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to Oct 10— Stmr
Duke of Fife, • from Vancouver and Victorls-
B C.
OCKAN STEAMERS.
IQUIQUE — Sailed Oct 3 — Br ship Celtic ChUf,
for .
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Oct 17— Br ship Chan
Cotesworth. from Eureka.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Oct 10 — Dr ship lieu
gomont. for Vancouver.
CALLAO^ — Sailed Oct 10— Oer stmr rfarbla,
for San Francisco.
¦SAN BENITO— Sailed Oci 17~-O«r »tmr Nl
carla. for San Francisco.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— fUll*(1 Kent 7— IUI
ship Afcoatlno TerrUiano, for Honolulu, HeH
0— Bark Louisiana, for Honolulu : Mr hark Hun*
sex. for Mazatlun. BfVt 10— Hr bark Jnv*>f»
nelll. for San DlfKO. H«pt 12— Up uMp Que«m
Margaret, for Honolulu. H*-pt Ift-liF Iwrl* I'»m
of Leny, for Panama, Hf|>t IK— Mr l>»rl* I**i1rt>»,
for Han Francisco. Setit llWOer bttik Almer
schwan. for Sat/ Kr»rict<n'»: Mr tiark Kast AfrW
can for Portland, Or. H*l>l VIV^Kr bark.Ven*
dee. for San Krancisuo. Oft 17*=Mr »hl|< KhUa
of Dee. for San Franrlnct*.
In port loadln* H<-pt SN— Mr Ulttp Marlon
Fraser for Atapulco; ship Ilonry villard, for
Honolulu; schr Matth«w Turner, for Knhulut:
schr Kalulua, for Knhulul; Hr uhln I3*r! of
Dunraven. for Panama; Hr ship HwimhlMu, for
Panama; Br ' ship Kensington, for Han Fran
cisco- Br ship Port Caledonia, for San , Fran
cisco* Br ship Thistle, for San Francisco.
SYDNEY— Sailed Sept 24— Br bark Zlnlta.
for San Francisco.- -
QUBENSTOWN — Arrived Oct .j 19 — Br ship
Loch Oarve. hence June 19.
DE1»AOOA — Arrived Oct 10 — Nor bark Cath
arlna. from rusrrt Sound.
HONOLULU — Arrived Oct 18 — Stmr Nebraa
kan, from Tacoma ; bark Andrew Welch, hence
Sept 20 Oct 19 — Stmr Rosecrans, hence Oct 8.
Sailed Oct 18 — Ship James Nenmlth, for Port
Townsend. Oct 19 — Br stmr Isleworth, for Oil.
bert Islands.
FOREIGN POUTS.
ISLAND PORTS.
GRAYS HARBOR — Arrived Oct 18 — Stmr
Grace Dollar, hence Oct 14; schr Defiance, fm
Honolulu.
Sailed Oct 18 — Schr Henry Wilson, for San
Francisco.
TIL.L.AMOOK— Arrived Oct 18— Sch Jennie
Thelln. hence Sept 26.
Sailed Oct 18— Schrs Guide and C T Hill, for
San Francisco.
WHATCOM — Arrived Oct 17— Schr Mawee
na. frpm San Diego.
SEATTLE— Sailed Oct 18 — Strnr James Dol
lar for San Francisco.
SANTA BARBAHA -Sailed Oct 10— Stmr
Santa Rosa, for San IMego; stmr Coos Bay, for
San Pedro.
ASTORIA — Arrived Oct 18 — Schr Alvena, fm
San Pedro.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Oct 19 — Schr Orient,
from Wlllapa.
Sailed Oct 13-r-Fr bark • Ville de Mulhouse,
for San Francisco.
SAN DIEGO — Sailed Oct 10 — Stmr Manda
lay for San Francisco.
PORT HADIjOCK— Sailed Oct 10— Br ship
Crown of England, for Mollendo.
MENDOCINO — Arrived Oct 10 — Stmr Phoe
nix, henc« Oct 18.
Sailed Oct IS — Stmrs Redondo and Mandalay.
for San Francisco; bark Hesper, for Port
Tewnaend.
PORT HA RFORJ>— Sailed Oct 18. 10- p m—
Stmr Coob Bay. for San Pedro.
IK)RT TOWNSEND- Arrived Oct 10— Bktn
Newsboy, hence Oct 8.
. FOUT BRAGG— rrlved Oct 18— Stmr National
City, hence Oct 17.
WESTPORT— Arrived Oct 10 — Stmr West
port, hence Oct 18.
CASPAR— Arrived Oct 19 — Stmr South Coast,
hence Oct 17. • .
EVERETT— Sailed Oct IS— Bktn Chaa F
Crocker, for San Pedro.
FAIRHAVEN— Sailed Oct 17— Bktn Maka
well. for Shanghai. *
EUREKA— Arrived Oct lfr— Stmr Eureka,
hence Oct 18.
8AN PEDRO— Arrived Oct 18— Schr Maria F.
Smith, from Grays Harbor.-
stmr W M Kruger with stmr Porno in tow, for
San Francisco.
According to advices received yesterday from
London the British ship Mfttonhurn. from
"Whatcom. and the Lyderhorn. from Ballard.
have been in trouble at Delasoa Bay. In a
recent storm both vessels dragxed anchors and
drifted ashore. They were floated at high tide
The Mlltonburn's hull Is thought to have been
Injured.
Both Ashore at Delagoa Bay.
In one of the worst of these gales, on
June 7, B. F. Elvesskirch, an able sea
man, lost his life. He fell from the main
yard and was almost Instantly swallowed
in the angry waters. It was too rougn
to lower a boat. Elvesskirch was 55 years
of age and a native of Germany.
Fields of Ice were encountered on June
20. in latitude 59 south, longitude 62 west.
It was necessary to keep the^ahip off her
course for nearly six hours""in order to
avoid being crushed in the grip of the Ice.
The winds were kind to the Crown of
Scotland after she had rounded the cape
and the rest of the voyage was unevent
ful.
little anxiety to those Interested
in her, came into port yesterday with
a story of terrific weather encountered off
Cape Horn. The Crown of Scotland was
nearly six weeks fighting her way around
Cape Horn and not only battled westerly
gales and high seas but fought her way
along ths outskirts of an Icefield that
an unkind fate had floated directly across
her path.
The big windjammer left Newcastle,
England. April 11, with a cargo of gen
eral merchandise for this port. Light
winds made slow sailing as far as the
equator and between there and Staton
Island some heavy storms were weatn
ered. Cape Horn was reached eighty-two
days after leaving Newcastle. From the
west there came snorting across the bleak,
waters a whole procession of heavy gales,
into which the Crown of Scotland jammed
her graceful nose with all the abandon
of a weather beaten porpoise. She did
lots of sailing, but made modest head
way and maintained the battle for forty
two days before the Horn was finally
rounded.
THE British ship Crown of Scot
land, Captain Jenkins In com
mand, overdue, reinsured at, 15
per cent and the source of not a
TO ARRIVE.
C76-1 lbs S7 pkrs manufactured tobacco, 10 cs
table preparations. iOStO lbs sugar, 1137 lbs
nuts. &&0 gals vln?gar, S04 lbs 2 cs chocolate;
7224 lbs dried fish. 42 cs frozen oysters. 355
(rals saints. 15 cs olive oil, 1320 lbs 20 sks
salt, 3010 lbs coffee. 160 pkgrs drugs and sun
dries. 223 pkgff dry Roods. 15 cs hats and
caps. 131 re boots and shoes, 177 colls rope,
80 pkgs electrical supplies, 174 pkRs . paints,
440 kets lead. 24 bbls 21 cs oils, 17U pes pipe,
17 bdls pipe and fittings, ."£4 pea fi8 pkgs eteel.
447 pea 91 pkgs Iron, l.'t cs arms and am
munition.-20 pkgs machinery. 33 rikss leather.
29 pksrs saddlery and harness, 113 bales paper
bags. 100 pkgs> paper, 100 boiler tul>eF, 122, 47S
lbs fertilizer. 531 bxs> Foap, MX) bdls shingles.
14 bdls shocks, 12.150 lbs resin, 7h7 eal6 co
coanut oil, 1S20 lbs soda, SO bbls tar, 6 pl»rs
tin. 2230 lbs brass, 12 pes rails, 1000 flre
bricks, 8 cows and 1 horse.
«.
movements of Steamers.
BRITISH SHIP CROWN OF SCOTLAND WHICH WAS ON THE OVERDUE LIST. BUT WHICH ARRIVED HERE
YESTERDAY AFTER A TUMULTUOUS VOYAGE FROM ENGLAND AND A FORTY-TWO-DAY BATTLE
WITH THE ELEMENTS OFF CAPE HORN.
Two Privates Are Court Martialed.
HONOLULU, Oct. 13. — Privates T.
Sheeky and G. Connelly, en route to
Manila on the transport Sherman, were
tried by court martial on board the ves
sel while she was here. Sheeky was sen
tenced to three months* imprisonment
and a fine of $30 for assaulting and at
tempting to hold up a Chinese In Hono
lulu. Connelly was found guilty of being
drunk and disorderly. The men on the
Sherman in general made an unusually
good record for behavior while In port,
the police" haying very little trouble with
them. .
On Monday a report was made by the
Attorney General to the effect that no
contempt had been committed a«d the
case went on. Kamuela was found guilty
and sentenced to eighteen months* hard
labor.
The case served to bring out the fact
that under Judge Gear's recent decision,
according to many attorneys, contempt of
court Is an infamous crime in Hawaii,
and requires a Grand Jury indictment, so
that the court is powerless to act sum
marily.
HONOLULU, Oct. 13.— A criminal trial
in Judge Gear's court was Interrupted
last Friday by the refusal of the jury to
go on, on account of a publication in the
Advertiser to the effect that attorneys
had drawn the color line in challenging
Jurors and had left only one white man
on the jury. Prince David, who* was one
of the jurors, objected to such a publi
cation and others did likewise. The de
fendant was a native named- Kamuela,
charged with assault with a deadly
weapon, Judge Gear stated that he did
not blame the Jurors for their attitude
and adjourned the case till Monday, re
ferring the matter to Attorney General
Andrews for action.
Refuses to Proceed With Trial of
Case Until After an Investi
gation Is Made.
HONOLULU JURY OBJECTS
TO NEWSPAPER CRITICISM
The capital stock consists of 24,000 shares
of the par value of $5 each, of which all
but 20,000 shares have been issued. The
sales were made chiefly during the first
year of the company's existence and •while
James Hamilton Lewis, former Congress
man from Washington, was president of
the company. Lewis was one of the in
corporators and owned a block of stock.
After serving one year as president he
resigned and moved to Chicago.
Judge Snell finds that nearly $100,000
•worth of stock was sold, chiefly in East
ern cities. Under Judge Snell's decision
yesterday small stockholders can obtain
judgment for the amounts they paid for
the stock. The company has now taken
an appeal to the Supreme Court,
TACOMA, Oct. 19.— Judge Snell of the
Superior^ Court has sugsested that the
prosecuting attorneys of Tacoma and Se
attle investigate the transactions of the
Washington Match Company, and espe
cially its sale of stock in large blocks at
high prices, when the company actually
owned no patents or special machinery
as set forth in its prospectus.
Special Dispatch to The Call. »
Officers of all steamers that have ar- ;
rived from Hawaii during the past week !
report the volcanic activity on the sum- '
Bit of Mauna L»na. though some of them |
differ as to the rxact location from which :
the fire and smoke ascend skyward.
A wireless messape received to-day from i
Hilo states that there has been no I
crease m the volcano's activity since the ;
ostbreik Ol a week ago. also that Kilauei \
15 smnki'iir. Passengers on steamers pass- ]
ing along the coast of Hawaii report that '
thr re is a grand display visible.
- j
Six lava flows were reported coming i
Elowty down the mountain side, but these
seem to have merged into one that Is
moving in the direction of Kahuka ranch, ;
owned by Ccloncl Norris. This property j
was recently offered for sale in Chicago |
for $350,000. It contains 3Sfi,f>03 acres, some j
CO .000 of which are already deeply cov- 1
<>re-d with lava that spread over the land i
<1urir!p two previous eruptions. There are i
Vi^twern MOO and O00 head of cattle on
the ranch.
Wireless cable and mail advices from !
t»;e island of Hawaii nave since confirmed
the report brought by the ship Ormsary.
the volcanic activity beinp from the sum- j
mit crater of Mokuaweoweo, on Mauna j
I-oa. at a height of more than 13,000 feet!
above sea level.
The tmcke arose from a point in the side
of the hill below the summit. It ehot up |
» it!i treat rapidity, as If impelled by Mrae j
rrsfft tremendous force. It then spread out to ;
the sides, and as new smoke continually kept 1
fhootlng up a dense cloud kept Catherine. ,
Durirjt th» day we could not see the flre. but
irward dusV; a larse thert of flame, spreading I
¦ txrat a mile, could be nlaln!y oeen. The fire i
did not die down, but after we had been watch- J
Snjr It for about two hours and a half we lo?t i
Fight of it. as the atmosphere became very
ti.lck with smefce and clouds. We did net see
any ashes, but this (Joes not indicate that there
were none. The wind was euch that afhes and j
anything of that kind would have been car- ,
ned aft of uf.
The outbreak of the volcano we saw the next
day between 12 m. and 1 p. m. The first
thins: visible was a preat column of ymoke
which fhot uj> sudderily from a point which,
1 Judged, maet have been neat the crater of
Kii«i_-ca.
The waves at times broke over the vessel,
which was render* d absolutely unmanageable.
Hhe veu!d not answer her wheel and could
not rrake ary headway whatever in the tu
multucufc currtntF. She remained almost sta
tic-narj' arid acted exactly at if she were an
chored.
HOXOLl'LU, Oct. 13.— Details of an
outbreak of the volcano on Mauna Ix>a,
island of Hawaii, were received here on
October 7. The news v.as brought by the
BtiiSsh ehfp Ormsary. from Newcastle. !
On October 5 she was off Kailua, Koni, j
Hawaii, and was then whirled about on j
the bosom of the ocean as if she had j
been a. cork. There was no use for the j
wheel, since the vessel became absolutely j
unmanageable. The activity was but a j
forerunner of a grand display of volcan'i=
power on the next day. when dense vol- j
umes of smoke were seen to shoot heav
er.ward and Vpread out in clouds over the
island of Hawaii. This has since been j
continued without interruption. j
Captain Coath tells the following story j
of his extraordinary experience:
At fe o'clock en the evening of October 7,
it my C<mskI was oft the coaet of Hawkli, we
had k ir.ost ur.lque experience. The t-en. be- j
c«mf vfry truth disturbed and whirling cur- j
i< nis set ix They twirled around first to I
CM side and then 10 another and raced in all ]
<juart«*rf= of th«* cpnipaw like maelstroms. ;
i^ometimts tuch a »hirlt>ool would euddenly .
Itwnc "and start r«t-ine back in Just the op- J
posft* direction to that In which It had pre.- ]
vii.u^ly be<>!i runr.lnc.
£;<eria! Corresr«ondence of Th» Call
Eruption Disturbs Ocean and
One Vessel Is Whirled
Like a Cork.
Washington Concern Takes
an Appeal to Supreme
Court.
Crater of Mokuaweoweo
on Mauna Loa Again
Active.
Prosecuting Attorneys
to Probe Match Com
pany Sales.
VOLCANIC FIRES
ILLUMINE HAWAII
JUDGE SUGGESTS
DEEPER INQUIRY
THE SAN lEAKCISCO CALL, TUESDAY; OCTOBER 20, 1903.
Fifteen Per Center Comes to Port With Story :of Tumul
tuous Passage and of a Forty-Two Day Battle Off
the Headland That Separates Atlantic From Pacific
OVERDUE SHIP CROWN OF SCOTLAND
HAS HARD TIME ROUNDING THE HORN
10
. BAIL WAY TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC'
•ir.ln.l^v.H^.^^toHrr.vea*
-I V- <M»ta Un'«. ttwt_uf J >Urk»t Strwt >¦
\ mK ,K — "~KK..MjQgiug kli U '-JC3. - a»kit«
;.00a l»rDl.-ta."s.»l»un. Kluiira »ua S«cr». ~^~
7.C0a V™»?li!e.Wlr.wr».RumiiV.'..:.-j: 725*-
7J0a Msrtlnez. San Kauioo. Tsllejo.
X»pn,C»Hstoci..Ssrjt.*i:oss...... 62Se
7.30* NII*s. UTt-rmore. Lathrop. Stuck-
800* 'l>aTts?WwMVuni'KnVsDu'Li"n«iiaifc
Los D«nos. Mendota. IUnford.
VlnallJ*. PorterTllle ••••- *^5»
I COa Port Costa. Martlnex. Traiy. LstH-
ro P : Uodeslo, Merced. Fresno.
Oosficn Junction. Uaafurd. \l-
«»[!». TUkersfleld u-Vni"";
8.30a Sba«t« Expr**.- U«»l*. **•',
(for Dsrtlett SprlDKS). Willows.
?Fruto. Kr>U Blnff. PortUn-l f-oor
8-30a Sllrs. S»a .lose. Llrermore. 8t"f«"
ton.lone.Sacramento.FlncerTUie,
Marysvllie. Chlco. Ked Bluff 4.ZBF
830a Oskdnle. Chinese. Jsmestowa. So-
nor*. Tuulnmne snd Anisels tit*
«.00a Martinez and Wsy Stations *%%\Z
1000a Vsllejo ¦¦y 12 - 2S *
10.00a El Psso Pa«sensrer. Ea«tl>oand.—
Port Custa. Martinez, Biron.
Tr»ry. l^throp. Storiton.
Merce-1. K»ym«na. Fr««no. Usa-
ford. VUalK rtakersfleld, Loi
Anaeles »mt Kl Psso. <wwt
boaml srr1»e» vl»Co»»t Line)... «1 3<Xf
ICCOa The Orerland Limited — Oeden.
Deaf tr. Omaha. Chicago. ffs F
12 00m naywanl. K lies and Way Stations. 3.25»
11. 00? Sacrsmentn Klrer Steamers tii.OOr
iZQr Bsnlcla, Winters. Bacrsmento.
Woodland. Knights L*nd!nir,
Mar.T»Tllle. Orotllle and way
stations '9??*
S30p Haywsrd. Nile* and W»y Stations.. 755*
4 OOP M«rttnei.S»nlU»ion.ValleJo.Sapa,
CallstOKn. Santa K»*a. ... .••*!*
4-OOp Msrtln«.rr»cT.Lathrup.Stockton. 10 25a
4 COp NUps. LIt rrm ore. Stockton. Lodl.. 4-ZSF
4 30p Hsywanl. Klles. lrrlnzton. San J, t8.5|*
Jose. Ll*ennore I tn.SSA
6 COp Th« Owl Usnlted— Fresno. Talsro,
BakersOeld. Los Anxelea .... BOSA
BOOp Port Costa. Tracy. Stockton. Los _
Haanii 'Si5 F
15 30i» llayward. Nilrt and San Jo«e .til*
6C0»- Hsyward. Mies and San Jose 1325-4
6X0p Oriental Mall — Oirden. DUTtr.
Oiuaba. St. Louis. Cblcaco SDd
Ks*t. Port Costa. Denlcla. 8ui-
snn. Elmlrs, Dsvls. Sacramento,
Korku a. AttJurn. Col fax.
Tmclcee. Coca. Ueno. Wads-
worth. Wlnnemicci, Battle
Mountain. Elko - .... 4.Z3F
6.00* Vallrjo. dslly. extept Sunday » 7.55?
700P Valicjo. panoay onlr *
7 COp ban PsMo. Port Costs. JIartlnei .
and Way Stations 1125a
8.C5P Ores.m A Cslirornla Expre»»— 8sc-
rairieato. Marys»llle. Bedding.
Portland. 1'UKet Socnd and East. 8 53 A
9-ICp Uay ward. Kile* and San Jose (Sun-
day only) T1-53A
11.25P Port Co«ta. Tracy. Lathro?. Mo-
tir+t •>. Merceil. flaymond «to To-
setnlte). Fresno. Hanford. VI-
> al!-». nrtk-r«neld 1225^
COAST LINE (.\arr««» li»B S e).
(Ko«it .it Mwrltft Str<-r-t ) _ —
8 15* Kewi«r'x. JenTerTlll?. S»n Jose,
Felton. Uoulaer Creek, SiBU
Crsi »tiJ Way Stations 5 55P
t2.15P Kewhrk, Ootervtlle. Sttu Jose.
New Alma'lcn.Lo.'* Gatok.Fe'.lon.
Itonlder Cr»ek. Sinta Cru» and
PrlnelpaMVsy Sutlous 10-53A
4 16p Kewart. San Jose, Los Gatos and
wsy station* 13 5a 4
c3 30p Hunters Tmtn. Saturday only. San
Jo»« and Way Stations. Sunday
onlr r»tnrn* from Ln» Gaton i7 25»_
O A K L A N D~HA"RBOR f E P R c Y -
From SAN JrUANCISCO, iovt of Mnrket St. (Sllp*>
-t".:13 «:ft 11:M>A.M. 100 3 CO 5-15 P.M.
From OAKLAND. Foot "f Hru«dw«y — t6:u» y:09
1»:U5 lu:w a.m. 12 00 2 00 4.00 p.m.
COAST LINE <Kroaa baiixo). ~
t«7~ll'u:rd nn*! T'»fn»enJ Streef.)
6 10a S»nJi«t7(Tw«yS:»t!oB» *30»
7 00a San Jute snd Wsy Stations 5 58*
8-COa New Almaden (Tars.. Frld.. only), 4.IO*
8 COa Cosst Line Limited— StopsouIySsn
Jo*e. Gtlroy (connection for Ilol-
11*ter). Psjar«>. C«»trr>Tllle. Sa-
linas. San Anlo. Paso Koblea.
SantaMarjr.arlta.Sao Liil* <)l)l*pn.
Prlnrlpat «tnt!ons thence Surf
( connection for Lompoc) princl-
nsl stations f'i-:if- Santa Bar-
bara ar/d Los Angeles. Connec-
tion at Caxcrovliir to snd from
Monterey and l'sclfli: GroTr 1041#
9. COa San .luae. Tr<*s Piuos. CspUola,
Santai;ru2.i*»t-titc(iroTe.Salinaa.'
s»o l.nb Ohtspo and Prluclpai
W»y Station* 4-10*>
10. J0» t-an Jo»e snd Wsy Stations 1.23P
1130a Saiji.i Clara, »»n Jose. Los Gatos
aa.l Wst st»tliin» 7.30p
§140p SsiiJo»esr.(| ',Ta* Stations 8-3BA
i.tOP Parlac iln.Tp Kxprf«»— S«ntaClar»
San J.i«c. Dei M»ntr. Monterey.
I'ai*i21c (jri'Vr »'roT»nccts at SantA
Cart tor .-nara Cruz. Boulder
« t»t* hd<1 Jinrrow Oanse Polnta)
st (iliroy for HuCJoter. Tres
Pinns. »t Camr<>Tllle for Salinas. 12.1S*
* JCp Glirov Wsy Psssenper !1045a
t4 4fsP fcsn .J'm.-, '\1% Sauta Clara) Los
tiatos. amt rrlnrtpal Way Sta-
tion* (r.tc<-?t SunJav) *9284
¦bZOf fcatiJosranrtlTlneli.BlWay Stations r8 QOa
6.CCi> 3an«<-! Lin.Itr.l. K^«tl><»uad.— San
. l.ut« OMaatid r- -.Lrn Kariiara, Los
Ai.jr<*i»». ii»mlnt-. Kl Ps»«. New
Urlrasx, New Yors. I WfJthound
*n'.\r**\r iVsllry 1 .. «8.2Ss>
•6.15P Eau Mateo.I>rf »?orJ.I*elmont.8an
Carli'ft. I>tiwiMx!. Fair Oaks.
»nlo P«rit. Pat* Alto *9.45p
* .?Pr Kan .Io«r .1:1.1 Way St-tiions 6.38a
11 .33' Souih Srvn Fnadarat M:::;ir»?. Bur-
lic^xnir. Sun Vateo. B»-lmont,
Sin Carlo*. I>dwoud. F«!r Osks. *S «5 a
Umt.'O Pnrlc. and !*»it> Allu 945?
• 11 33p ila.rflirM. y.-m tain V!ew. Suuny-
: " ;rv- *s1h. T.s\rrco>:e, Sscta Clara snd
S»n .•»¦"» t9.45>
for Horn. e^. 1* for Atteraooa.
> tiopa st all ¦tattors on Sunday.
t fcnaday cxcrptnl a Saturda; on!y.
' \ la Coart l.inr. W V'a ban Josquia VslJey.
fyOnly tralo» (lorrtvr »t Vs!enc!a M. s< utbhvunl
irefi-.liiA.M. ¦ i ;<"'" 1 «- m : v,,,. »•••(( « »rrt*:30p.M.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
KAIL WAY COMPACTS'.
Tiburon Terry, root of SXarkat Street.
SAN PRAHC2SCO TO 8A2T KATATTTi.
WEEK DAYS— T:ao, 9:uO. Xl:oO a. m.; 12:33.
3:30. 5:K>. 6:50 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:CO. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
3:CO. «:20. 11 :.T0 p. m.
SAX EATAEi TO SA3X TTULBCSSCQ.
WEEK DAYS— «:05. 7:38. 7:30. 9:20. 11:13
a. m.; 12:5O. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 8:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:C0. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
4:55. 5:0S. 6:25 p. m.
Les>vo I In Eflect j Arrlvs>
San Francisco.] Sept. 27. 1303. [San Franctseoi.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week
1 Days. I days. | tlon. [ days. | Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a ~ 9:10a 9:40 a
0:30 a Icnaclo. 10:40 a 10:2O»
3:30 p 3:S0p «:08p 6:20 9
B:10p 5:00p 7:35 p
7:30a ¦ 0:10a 8:40a
8:00 a Novato. 10:40 a^l0:2O a
3:30 p 9:30 a Fetaluma | «:0S p 6:20 9
6:10 p 3:30 p and 7:33 p
5:00 p Santa Rosa.
T:20a 10:40 a|10:2O »
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p! 6:20 9
3:30 p 3:30 p « [ . ¦
Windsor.
7:30 a 8:C0a H-atdsbnrs. 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton,
3:30 p 3:30 pi Geystervllle. 7:33 p 6:20 »
I Cloverdale.
7:30 al 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 a|10:20 *
3:30 a[ 3:30 pi and Uklah. I 7:35 pi 6:20 9
7:30aT~8:00a| Wllllts. I 7:35 p| 6:20 p
- 7:S0a| 8:00 a! [10:40 a[10:20 »
3:30 p| 3:30 p| GuernevlHe. I T:35 p| 6:20 9
*T:30al 8:00 al Sonoma. j 2 :1 !? a l S: i2*
5:10p|5:0Op| Glen Ellen. I 6:05 p[ ft:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 «|10:20 a
3:30pr3:30p| Sebastopol. I »:35p| «:20p
STAGES connect at Green Bras for Saa
Quentln- at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs: at Fulton for Altruria and Mark West.
Sprir.Rs: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at Gey-
servllle for Skasrcs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geyserff Boonevllle and Greenwood: at
liopland for Duncan Springs. Hlehland Springs.-
Kelseyvtlle Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake,
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
SDrinss Saratoga Springs. Blue- Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Spring*. Upper Lake. Porno.
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Llerly's. •
Buckn«-U's. Sanhedrln Heights. HullviUe. Orr*s
Hot Springs. Halfway House. Comptche, Camp
Stevens Hopkins. Mendoclno City. Fort Brags.
Westport Usal: at WUllts for Fort Bragg..
Westport, Sherwood. Cahto. Covello. Layton-
vllle Cummlngs. Bell's Springs. Harris Oi»
sen's. Dyer Garbervllle. Pyperwood. Scotlav
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points .
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offlce. C50 Market street. Chronic!*
building
H. C. WHITINO. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Oen. Pass. Agt.
Sjg&g^&zB MEN AND WOMEN.
rrA£*fMnTi:KEa>gaf Cio Elft « for unnatural
/SSSST !¦ 1 to S dsrt^HJ discbarges. inflammations.
BfqjM OoAisat.Ml *y Irritations or nlcvvations
¦^¦Jb *m f WTtetar*.^ of mucous rormbranes.
B^**?! r>«t»ti toiMtai. Painieis, and not aitrta«
BTsTYrHEETlKSCHEMlCALCO. eeat or poisonous. j
%^^ CIIOIUTLC.EH3 ScliS by Draczitts,
\J9^3k C.S.A. jqfiL or (ent in P' Aln wruprsr.
n^lriffte #*MTTnl bT «i>r««s. rropaid. for
V^^!^|t^Sy H »>-<»• or3 bottles >3.T*.
ADVEBTISEMENTS. N
igGARTEKS 1
Positively cured by these
Uttlo Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
j Ssct remedy for Dizziness, Xausea, Drovrsl-
j r«ss, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
( Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVEH. They
! Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pin. Small Dose.
Small Prlca
3£L££R.S
Guaranteed Pure,
None So GoocU
Sold EVergtihdPtfi.
HILBERT MERCANTILE CO..
Pacific Coast Agents. . J
For Stomach Disorders
Cout and Dvsoepsia
drink:
Best NATURAL Alkaline Watef.
A. VIGNIEB CO., San Francisco.
;
d visit DR. JORDAN'S great $
dtfiusEUH of &immU
v £s& i;;ii'A2ssr:*:.te:.S:ii?j.5.7.:»i.
\ tj^ The Lurat Anatomical Mu *uri in tbe \
i) . ijj{_^ World. Weakr.e^e* er any contracted A
O JTKjgjMl SpeoaJlit on the Co 1st. tsr. 36 years. 9
6 fl)3Ef 6 DR. J0RDAH-C1SSA3ES CF MEN A
A ffSs^^M Comultinon free lad strirtly priritr. \
0 U BSjIj Truattneri p-rsocily nr by letter. A Q
\ I » llrj Pwitiv* Cm in erery caw undertaken. T
A P II \\h W',i !t for a>ol[. PUILeilll'HY «f A
V ' I J 1 * SAIialACi:. MAILED JKEE. Uf
X n It* valuable book for m^n ) x
V DU. JonDAS St CO.. 1051 Market St.. S. F. V
PERFECT
TJsed by people of refinement
Tor over a quarter of a century
PREPARED BY
aU f • jl a L*J\'l**gsjiL'iit'jT MVrSvvJ- J^f 1* v IT^§jJ\jl
EAU.WAY TBAVEL.
f^eALIFORNlA §
I LIMITED TO 0H1CAG0
a Leavss Mondays and Thursdays S
3 at 8:30 a. m., thrt jgh In 3 days* fe
h with diner and all trappings. fe
Other Santa Fe Trains:
olS ?' S* I * or Stockton.' Fresno, Bait ersfield,
Mewed, Hanford and Visalia.
4.00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
Ticket Officb: 641 Market St., and Ferry
Depot. S. r. Also HU Broadvaj, Oak-
land, Cal.
RplPiipljIiilTO SAN RAFAEL,
QUENTIN,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, ETC.
1 SfiKtrSi *55T^*<^iiI ' v^ a >3ausalito Perry.
BubuTbkn Service. Standard Gauge Electric-
I>P«ri from San Kranclsco Daily-T:00. ;8:00.
•u-M 'lO-OO ll:D0 a. m.. *12:20. 'l^S. *J:15,
4-ip i •R-IS A:15 7:W). 8:45. 10:20. 11:45 p. m.
kAomVaN IIAFAEL.TO SAN FRANCISCO
~nttlly—8^5. •t):'l5. »7:4O. -8:85. •»::«. -11:(*
«. m «12 ;U0. 1:45. »2:55. »a:45. 4:45. *5:43.
•flM5.' 8:45. 10:20 p. m. ,
Tin ins marked (•) run to and from San Quen-
% "ritOM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CtHCH>— Dally— 0:45. 6:55. 7:52. 8:55. 9:55.
tt:2() <i. m.. 12:35. 2:00. 3:15, 4:05. 5:05. 6:03.
T;Oa, 0:00. 10:35 p. m. '
THUOUGH TRAINS.
8:00 a. m.. week days — Cazadero and way
stations. ¦
6:13 p. rn.. week days (Saturdays exceptsd)—
'r»niitU-« and way stations.
3:15 p. m.. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
•talking.
Hiintt/iys only — 10 a. m.. rolnt Reyes and way
¦tutlons,
TIOKET (WTICE— €26 Market st.
ytSUUY— Union Detx)t. foot of Market st.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
- Leave Ti» Saas»I»io Ftrrj Arrive
San Francisco foot of Mirk»t Si, San Francisco
Week - Sun- ."BIL Sun * w ««k
JDays^ days /rfjSSSwk Days.
*IO:flfl I • r 8ioo7  1 ¦-•:«> ftp 107401
•1:45p »:OOa lrfflagS-ggM l:3Sr>:Siip
5:15rlO:oo A »:5i) r 5:ai»F
11:O(U 4:5Or> e.OOp
„.:._... l:45p HEBr S:BOp ....^.
7:SOp
•Connect yita tt»g« fer * Plpass sad *ffilJo-»- Csay
TIM IT j 626 MARKKTST.,(North Shore Railroad)
0HIC2S , and Sausauto Fkrrv Foot Market St.
The Weekly Caa
'j 61 pep Ycap.NEW YOTtK. Oct. 10.— Tin declined Rs' In
London to £115 7a <5d for spot and £115 for
BAGS— Oraln v Bag«. r 5<35i£e: San Quentln,
5.55c: Wool Bags. 32@35c; Fleece Twine. 7U
<*Sc; Cotton Fruit Bags. 6iJ<-\ ti^cund 7\ie
for the three grades; Brown Jute, UJ4@7yjc.
General Merchandise.
Two cars of -Western Poultry. Including one.
that came in last Thursday, were on sale and
moved off fairly well at steady prices. Call
fornian .'A-aii in light receipt and dragged at
uncharged rates.
Receipts of game were .moderate, and. ' de-'
spite- the fact that . the operation of the game
law hampered the trade In Wild Ducks, : good;
Poult rv and Game.
William Fowler was convicted by Polics
Judge Mogan yesterday of two charges
of petty larceny and was sentenced to
serve six months in' th*c County Jail on
each charge. He entered the rooms of two
women at 32S Third street and stole an
alarm clock from one and a pair ot shoes
from the other.
Petty Thief to Serve a Year.
M. C. Turner, as trustee of the estate of
E. W. Curry, bankrupt, filed suit In the
United States District Court yesterday
against G. W. Fisher, the Puget Sound
Lumber Company and others to recover
51300 on a promissory note, with Interest
and costs.
Suit on a Note.
CHICAGO, Ort. 19.— CATTLE— Receipts.
35.000, Including 500 Texans and flOOO Westerns;
slow, mcftly 10c lower; good to prime nte?rs,
$5 logs c,5; poor to medium, $1 s!054 «O:'«t<vk
en» and feWJem. |2 25@4; cows, $1 35«4 40;
heifers. $204 05; canners. $1 R5@2 45; bulls,
*2&-t CO; calves. $2 50©7 35; Texas fed Jtecr6,
$2 75153 E0: Wefstern steers, $304 50. ' '
HO'Jtf — Receipts to-flay, 37.000; to-morrow,
15,000: 15c to 20c lower; mixed and butchers'.
$5 40*3:5 75; good to choice heavy, $5 40«/j <V);
rough heavy, $4 00*55 35; light, ?5 25fjj 75;
bulk of #aiF*. *5 25Q5 40. .
SHEEP — Receipts. 5000; sheep anj lambd,
steady to 10c lower: good to choice wetheri".
$3 2f>#4 3 0; fair to choice mixed. $2<@3; West
ern' Sheep, $2 25@4 10; native lambs, *3 25H>
S 75; Western lambs, $3 7505.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
Ho*s are a fraction lower again, as there
are too many comlnsr in. other descriptions
remain about £g£
Wholesale rates from ela^hterers to. dealers
are &s follows • -
BEEF— 6@7c for Steers and 50tfc per Jb
f0 VEAL^-Large. C©7c; small. 8®e c per fb.
MUTTON— Wethers. ««40Sc; Ewes. 707 He
per pound. ¦•' /~ -
LAMB— 601OO per Pound^
FORK — Dressed Hogs, 8H@9»4e per pound.
- LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less so
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE: — Steers, 8i&0c: Coti-s and Heifers
7(&8c; thin Cows. 4@5c per pound.
CALVEB— 4JT4^c per pound (grosa weight).
* SHEEP — Wether*. 3>4©3%c; Ewes. 3®3Uc
per pound (rross weijrht).
LAMBS— 52 75®3 - per head.
'HOGS— Live --Hog*.- 150 to 250 lbs. T>% - c
under 150 Ibn.- BU ( B59ic;:Sows, 20 per cent on*'
lioars. 60 oer. cent Off, and States, to p er cent
off from above quotations. .
Meat Market.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Oct. Doc.
Opening Nominal ft r»Ti
Closing 6 5>4
PARIS.
Wheat — Oct. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 2130 20 or.
Closing 21 30 20 05
Flour —
Opening .30 45 28 20
Closing 31 20 28 20 '
Foreign Futures.
When the case of. Muldoon McDonald,
the conqueror of "Toothpick" Kelly, pu
gilist, was called in Judge Dunne's court
yesterday it was dismissed on motion of
the District Attorney for the lack of suf
ficient evidence to convict. Edward Miller
and McDonald were arrested on a charge
of robbing Joseph Bird, a colored man, at
Pacific and Montgomery streets, on tli»
morning of June 18. Miller was tried
about two weeks ago and the jury acquit
ted him. Bird left the city after the pre
liminary examination of the defendant*
and the polico have been unable to lo
cate him.
Colored Pugilist Discharged.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was xteady. Creamery, , 15V4iSr20Vic;
Dairy. 14®l«c. Eggs, firm, 18@19^c; Chocse.
easier, 10^011 >/ic. ¦
The Potato blight or rot in the northern tier
of States has materially cut down the crop and
the'eroo ot 190.'!, according to the American
Agriculturist, is estimated at 244.000.000 bush
els. or nearly 30.000.000 bushels less than last
>f The market Is overloaded with ordinary
stock.' particularly river Burbanks. which
move slowly. Salinas Burbanks are in fair re
queft for local use 8nU steady. Sweet Pota
toes were, easier under liberal receipts, two
cars being received from Mercrd. Onions wero
unchanged and easy with offerings large.
Fresh receipts of vegetables were light, but
the market was well supplied with carrled
over stock, which arrived late on Saturday.
Trade was fairly active Hnd prices had but
little variation. The canners were In tho mm
ket for Tomatoes and Hecured quite a quantity
at the minimum quotat'.cn. "^j '
- POTATOES — Burbanks from the river, 503
75c per ctl: Salinas Burbanks. $1 25@l 45 per
ctl ' Oregon Burbanks. 75®«0c per ctl ; River
Reds. 60@75c per ctl; t?weet Potatoes, 51 25
per ctl. • ...
ONIONS— W@ 1 Be per ctl. .
VEGETABLES — Green Corn. 75c@Jl 25 per
sack: Green Peas. 2«fc3c . per_lb: String
Beans 1V2HC per lb:^Wax. 3@3^c: Lima
Beans.' 2^««c per lb; Tomatoes. 2505Oo per
box: Summer Squash. 40©50c per box; Cab
bage, uoc D«r ctl: Carrots, ,-iBe 1 per «ack; Cu
cumbers. 40<»50c per box; Garlic d@4c per lb;
Green Peppers. 35©50c > ner box for Chile and
50®75c for Bell : Green Okra. 7fl®90c per box ;
Kffg Plant, -101350c per, box; Marrowfat and
Hubbard Squaeh. $10gl2 per ton.
Potatnes, Onions and Vegetables.
."* NOTV TORK, Oct. 19. — Clouds of apprehen- |
•>««ti gathered over the stock market again j
to-day and the prices of practically all of |
1 th* prominent active stock* were impaired
rvotn 2 to 4 points before the selling was
; > hacked. The appointment of receiver* for two
' *.':'. :r.or* trust companies was the impelling
> as*« of the selling. Weakness wm in evl
""ftce from the opening and. In fact, before
. •ha.t. London sending a decidedly lower ranjje
<>f' prtee« .as a result of the early trading
rnere. It U probable that the weakness of
c Aifif-rlcar.s In London also emanated from Bal
"•-ir^or*., n on* of the embarrassed companies
£Md4r«ff6rt9 to secure a. loan in London this
milrj thus offering that center advance knowl
,- • fl«r« of the trouble. Ix-.rnion also profeesed rc
. !'<:*ed apprehension over the war cloud In the
Jlrar Ea*t aj>d rumors came over cables that
*** troub'.e at la«t week's settlement, which
= "*»'i tidfd ovc-r. wm likely to crop out ajf*Jn.
. Londoa tales in New York as * consequence
„ *»-re heavy, being e»<t.5m«.t<?d as high as «0.<K>9
fi.ares. How far Jhe Ualtimor» troubles were
c 'hr*ct!y reeponMbie for the forcing of ptocks
• '*as not v*ty clear, but the special weakness
<>i. wnii cf th« Southern stocks Indicated »ell
¦- 'r.jj from tha.t Quarter. The sentimental effect
B* the faJlurts wu also strong and put a stop
••^itirely to the hopes of better prices aroused
by laet week'* f=harp raJly ]n the etock market.
That rally having driven a considerable special
interest to cover, left the market deprived of
rome potential support and make it more
vulnerable to selling. The line of division
. uhlcTi began t6 develop last week between
the railroad stocks and the industrials «u also
obliterated. The leading railroad stocks suf
fered fiT.ly as severely as the Industrials a*
>« ehown by the ceclineB of 2 to 3«4 made by
JkHalUmore **<* Ohio. Bouthern Railway prefer-
Te«J Illinois Central. Union Paclflc. Southern
Pacinc end Missouri Pacific. The only prom
inent Industrials which suffered to as large
*n extent are United 6ta.te« Steel preferred,
imair&mated Copper, the American Car etocks
ieneral Rlectric and «V.«tinKhouse EJeotric.
*hm laet r.jar.rd dropping 8 points. The Haiti-
Xcw York Stock Market.
Articles. Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 25».5OO 13.5C0
Wheat, bushels 116,700 7,300
Corn, bushels 6S3.S00 291!. GOO
Oats, bushels .'ilf).20O 200,000
Rye. bushels 101,200 2, +00
Barley, bushels .". 63,800 13.C0O
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about lV4c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers «%c: medium. 8%c; light. Sc; Cow
Hides. Sc for heavy and Sc for li«ht; Stags.
«o-/ Salted KIP, 8%c; Salted Veal. 8Hc;
Salted Calf. 10c; dry Hides. 15@15^,c; dry Kip.
13o- dry Calf, 17c; Sheepskins, shearlings 25©
•tftr "each- short Wool. 40®60c each; medium, 70
eOOcT lo'nff wool. *1@1 60^each: Horse Hides,
salt $2 75 for large and $2©2 50 for medium,
11 2*501 75 'or small and 50c for Colt*; Horse
Hides! dry. $1 70 for laree and f 1 50 for me
dium. $101 2* for * m , a11 anc i, 5Oc Ior Colts -
Buck Skins— Dry Mexican. 32c; , dry salted
Mexican 25c: dry Central American. 32c.
Goat Skins— Prime Anjoras. 75c: large and
smooth r.Oc: medium. 35c: small. 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4&c per lb; No.
•»' 4c- crease, • 2 VS©3c.
"' WOOL— Fall clip— San Joaquin Lambs', 9©
lie- Middle County. 11® 12c; Northern Free
Ua'l2c- Northern Defective. 10@llc; Hum
boldt and Mendocino, 12®14c; Nevada. 13<8>15c;
Oregon, fine. l$@l»c; Oregon, medium; 17c
PC HOPS— 20©23c per lb for California and 200
23c for Oregon. -
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady: No. 3 wheat, 79^<B83c; No. 2 red,
Sl%083!ic; No. 2 corn, 43Vic; No. 2 yellow,
44 %c; No. 2 oats. 34% 034 Tic: No. 3 white,
35©37Vic; No. 2 rye, 56<557c; good feeding bar
ley, 42®43c; fair to choice malting,. 44®54c:
No. 1 flax seed, fl5c; No. 1 . Northwestern,
fl 00%; prime timothy seed. $3 05; mess pork,
per barrel, $11@11 27 ',£; lard; per 100 pounds.
$C 20®0 25; short ribs sides (loose), $7 1'5{*
7 CO; dry calted shoulders (boxed). $8 12%@
8 25: short -clear sides (boxed), 57 75ig*; whis
ky, basis of high wines, $1 25; clover, contract
grade, $12.
White Beans continue firm and In demand
for shipment, while colored are weak and
iiuiet. The quotations below represent wharf
sales but higher prices are charged buyers
for overland shipment, to cover cost of re
cleaning. ...
Limas are still lower, as the crop Is turning
° U BE a \NS— Bayos, *2 30®2 40; Pea, $3 25;
Butters J3 50: small White. $383 25; . large
White *2 M@2 80: Pink. $2 35<?2 40; Red,
$2 00«?3;" Lima. $3; Red Kidney*. $4 15®4 35;
Blackeyc, $2 50@2 65 per ctl; Horse Beans,
JkkdS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. .$2 65: Flax. $1 7001 1 80; Canary.
5ffi5M,c for Eastern; Alfalfa 12@13c; Rape,
laiiS'l^c; Timothy. 6#6Vjc; Hemp, 3^4@3»4c
per lb; Millet. 3@3%c: Broom Corn Seed. $2u@
¦^IjRIEd" PEAS— Green, $1 8002 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
Calif 'orniaStock and OilExchange
Oil Stocks- Bid. Asked.
Alm £ 1 40
Apollo 40
Associated Trust Cert "20
Aztec go
California Standard 11 y*
Caribou 1 CO 110
Central Point Con 65 ....
Chicago Crude 19
Claremont 26 29
Ksperanza 140
Four 1 68 70 :
Fulton 3 60 ....
Giant .... «o
Hanford 130 CO * 140 00
Home 80 v 90
Imperial .... 18 00
Independence 19 ....
Junction . in
Kern . 5 00
Kern River 13 00
Lion 03
Monarch (of Arizona) ..... SO ....
Monte Cristo 73 ....
Occidental of W Va.: 17 19
Oil City Petroleum 27 ....
Peerless 13 SO
Plttsburg .... 30
Reed Crude ' 41 43
S F &. McKlttrlck" 2 75
Han Joaquin O & D... 5 25 ....
Senator ••• 75
Sovereign 38 ....
Sterling 2 75 3 00
Superior... 06 07
Thirty-three 7 75
Toltec 21 ....
•Twenty-eight * 00 ••••
West Shore 2 95 ....
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land &. Improvement. 1 40 1 80
Alameda Sugar 29 00
American Blecult SS 00 05 00
American District Tel
Cal Gas & Electric Corp.. ....
California Cotton Mills .... SS 00
California Jockey Club .105 00
California Shipping Co. 25 00
Cal Title In» ft Trust 130 00 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland.. 60 CO
Chutes Company .....' S 25
Cypress Lawn Imp Co « 50 725
Fischer's Theater .......... 2 00 2 75
Gas Consumers' Association 22 50
Honolulu Sugar ,15 00
Northern Cal Power 8 75 . J> 25
North Shore Railroad 7 00 8 00
Orpheum Company 15 25
Pacific States Tel & Tel..,. 115 O0
Parafflne Paint 33 00, ....
San Francisco Dry Dock. .. 47 00 ....
Sanitary Reduction Works.. 2 50 356
Sausalito Land & Ferry.... 18 00
Sperry Flour Company . . . . 27 50 ;;o CO
Standard .Electric IS 00
Tesla Coal Co 30 00
Truekee Electric IS 25
Union Sugar . . 22 50 ....
United Gas & Electric 34 50 ....
OFFICIAL SALES.
Momtng Session.
Board —
ICO Home Oil R7*ii
. SCO Home Oil 90
Leroy was accused of suspending Elmer
Brown, 7 years of age, by the ears out
of a second-story window of 204% Eddy
street. It was shown also that he had
frequently beaten and kicked the threa
other children of Mrs. Brown. He had
only earned $50 this year and was In a
constant state of inebriation.
The Judge warned Mrs. Brown that if
she did not associate with respectable
people in future her children would be
taken from her and Officer McMurray of
the California Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Children was instructed to
keep track of h«r.
Eric H. Leroy was convicted by Polic*
Judge aiogan yesterday of cruelty to a
minor child and of vagrancy. He was
sentenced to serve six months in the
County Jail on each charge, making one
year altogether.
The evidence showed that Leroy was a
worthless character and had been living
for months off the money and food he re
ceived from Mr3. Kittle Brown. 204% Eddy
street, and a woman who called hersalf
his wife and works In a restaurant on
Taylor street. Leroy said he was mar
ried to this woman in this city six years
ago, but she said they were married in
Los Angeles, although she did not know
who married them or where they were
married In that city.
Eric H. Leroy Convicted of Cruelty
to a Minor Child and of
Vagrancy.
e s: 2 o 2 3
-.«. " 5 £5 i?a <5 %: I
/; STATIONS. | If ill fa |"* |
. •. • * .??'¦ '¦ :
•F-sklT-. SO. 20 72 "6 NW Clear .00
.(.•arson" sn.io J»ft .".4 NW <^»-«r .<*>
r.urfka 30.10 52 W> N Foggy .IX)
Fsrallon r,0.O5 TA M NW Foggy .«"0
Frei.no 29.i)6 V2 .V? NE «np«r .00
. Kiapstaff .i0.12 66 2<5 NE <lpar .00
.:W.O6 W) r.2 PE <"lear .00
1st Angeles. ..Hf>. «>O 74 fx! W Clear .00
Mt Tamalxials.."!i>.CK5 72 N Clear .<<0
North Hea4...30.2rt .*>« 52 NW Fopgy .00
Tho«nlx 2;*.SK» PO B8 W Clear .<"0
Pf^ettllp :;0.12 76 34 BW Clear .«!
"Pof.land 30. 1« «rt 42 S Clear .00
Point Reyes... ».:<•.) r,a r.2 N Foggy .«0
Red Diuff 2r».t»* !<0 M NE Clear .««0
Tl?«ebur«: 3O.10 7O 4S NW Clear .00
Facramento ..29.S6 M SS NW Clear .00
KaltXake TiO.16 CS 4fl W Clear .<>0
i-an Francisco. 30. V2 tsO T« W Clear .00
San L. Oblspo.r.0.04 74 44 S Clear .00
>an Diego l».04 70 TH NW Clear .00
S*mti&B 30.20 64 44 W Clear .00
hpokaiM 30.10 70 .14 W Clear .00
T?.:oosh ...... SO. 20 R4 52 PW Foggy .00
'A ana Walla.. 30. 12 76 44 SW Clear .00
w innemucca .30.14 78 30 PW Clear .00
Yunia 29.68 96 « NE Clear .00
V.LATHL'R CONDITION'S AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Thr-re h*« been but little change in pressure
f.j-injt the past twenty-four hours over the
w*«em half of the country- A moderate de
• r'Sfltfi is forniing over the valley of the
'•lira do and may result in unsettled weather
:r the mountains in the southern part of the
¦ttte.
¦ The weather has continued warm In the ln
trrjor and condition* have been excellent for
''lit ra'.tin Industry. Along the coast there has
beta a fall of about 10 degrees from Los An
«;••!¦ to Kan Francisco.
F>ir is reported from the Farallones to Eu
' No r*in has fallen west of the Rocky Moun
rairf
•Forecas-t made at Ban Francisco for thirty
hours «-ne;ng midnight, October 20:
lyirthem California— Tuesday fair, except
¦fioudy aJong the ccaet; not bo warm in the ln
"'.^ior; light northerly winds inland, brink west
<«rily vinds *-lth fcg on the coast.
southern California— Cloudy, cooler Tuesday;
poaalbty unsettled weather In the mountains;
:.-<>.. southwest wind.
*f«»'la — Fair Tuesday.
. S«n Francisco and vicinity — Clcudy Tueedsy
1ii.1t eo warm; light northerly winds, changir.c
;n brisk westerly, with fog In the morning and
¦t r.irht. A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
EASTERN MARKETS.
The week opened with a reduction of 4c in
Hams Bacon and Lard. The market is quiet
and weak at the decline, with Hams and Lard
weaker than Bacon.
The Chicago market was lower and dragging.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for
heavy 124c for light medium, 14c for light,
1 5c for extra light. ISc for sugar-cured and
l'Je for extra sucar-cured: fcasieru sugar
cured Hams, 15^c: California Hams, 14%c;
m, g , Beef. $11 50 per bbl; extra Mesa,
il-'sil" 50; Family. $13® 13 00; prime Mesa
Pork $19: extra clear. $25; Mess. $20; Dry
Salted Pork. 124c; Pig Pork, $28; Pigs* Feet.
$5 25- Smoked Beef. 15c per b.
LARD Tierces quoted at ilic per lb for
compound and Otfi^Vic for pure; half barrels,
nurVo'ic- 10-lb tins, 9%@10c; 5-lb tins, lOVg®
lo'ic- 3-lb tins, 10V4®l0%c.
COTTOLF.NE^ — One halt barrel. 9%c; three
half barrels, 94c; one tierce, 9%c; two tierces.
»ijc; five tierces. U 4c Per >b-
Provisions.
The markets under this head remain as be
fore. Feedstuffs rule firm and Hay is fairly
steady, with receipts ample for all needs.
BKAN— *21 5u@£i Der ton.
MIDDLINGS— $27028 60 per ton.
SHORTS — *21 MHB23 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $24©25 per
tor.- Oilcake Meal at the mill. $20@2« 50; Job
bing $27&27 50; Cocoanut Cake, $21@22; Corn
Meal $32 50@33; Cracked Corn. $33@33 50;
Mixed Feed, $22 50®23 50; Horse Beans, $28^30
'"hay- Wheat. $13@16. with sales of extra
choice at $16 50; Wheat and Oat. $12 60@
15 50; Oat. $12 50®14 50; Wild Oat. $11 50«
12 50; Barley, $10012 60; Stock. $0@10; Alfai
fe, $10@ll 50 per ton.
STRAW — 40fl65c per bale.
Hay and Fcedstuffs.
W0BTHLESS FELLOW SENT
TO JAIL FOB A YEAB
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No, 2 —
Dec. new .. 804 81% «>%. 80^
May '79% 8O4 79% 79%
October^ °'...~~ 43%' 43% . 43% 43%
December ... 444 *-»4 434 43 Vi
May 43 43% 424 42%
Oata No. 2—
December"".' 36" 30* 354 35>J
May 3(5% 36% ,3« 30^
Mess pork, per barrel— _
October 1100
January 11824 11874 1175 11774
May ...... ..U 974 1200 1185 11874
Lard. Der 100 pounds —
October 6 60 6 50 6 124 6 15
December ... 6 50 6 60 .6 224 B 224
January ....6 65 6 674 6 374 6 40
May 6 574 8 624 6 474 6 474
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds—
October " 00
January .... 6 00 6 25 6 25 6 174
May 6 30 6 S24 6 274 6 27 4
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $4 60O
4 85 usual terms; Bakers" Extras, $4 00@4 60;
Oregon and Washington. $3 9O®4 20 per bbl
for Family and $3 90@4 40 for Bakers'.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye
Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour, $7:
Corn Meal, $3 25; extra ortam do, $4; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy. $4@4 25; Buckwheat
Flour $4 50<g4 75; Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Fa
rina $4 SO- Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats, bbls, $7 25®8 «50; In sacks. $6 7508 10;
Pearl Barlt-y. $6; Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas, $5 60 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
THE COAST RECORD.
The local trade report a fair demand for
Fruits, though it is hardly as brisk as It wan
a fortnight or so ago. Prices remain as before.
The Raisin Association has issued a new list
and marked down loose and layers and marked
up seeded, ao per quotations below. .:.r. ;-¦-.
FRUIT— Ai>ricots. 7®94c for Royals and
D'Sllc for Moorparks; Kvaporated Apples.
44®54c; sun-dried. 34®4c; Pe&chck. s>«7c;
Pears, 6<&10c; Nectarines, 4«?54c; Fit's, white,
4<a4%c in boxes, black, 4',ic; Pluma, pitted,
(j@9c per lb.
PRUNES — 1903 crop, 2%@3Uc lor the four
sizes.
RAISINS— F. o. b. prices. Fresno, for 1903
crop: 50-lb boxes — Loose Muscatel. 2-crown,
5V»c per lb; 3-crown, 5%c; 4-crown. 64c; Seed
less Muscatels, 4iic; do floated, 44c; unbleach
ed Sultanas, 44c; Thompson's Seedless, 54c.
London Layers — 2-crown. $1 1!5; 3-crown, $1 35;
4-crown clusters, $2; 5-crown Dehesas, $2 60;
6-crov.n Imperials, $3; Malaga Loose, 2-crown,
Re per lb; do 3-crown. 5%c; Valencia Cured,
4V4c; Pacific do, 3%c; Oriental do, 2%c. Seeded
Raisins, 10-oz. packages, fancy, -8c per lb;
choice, 7%c; 12-oz. packages, fancy, 6%c;
choice, ii%c; In bulk, fancy, ,7%c; choice, 7%c.
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 sottunell, 134c; xso.
2. 114c; No. 1 hardshell, 13c; No. 2, lie;
Almonds lie for Nonpareils, 104c for I X L,
10Uc for Ne Plus Ultras and 8%c for Langue
doc; Peanuts. «®7c for Eastern; I'ecans, 11©
13c; Cocoanuts, $4 60@5; California Chestnuts.
l(K315c per lb.
HONEY— Comb, new, 124@14c for white
and y&llc for amber; new water white ex
tracted 64©64c; light amber extracted. 6c;
dark. 3 404 4 c »
BEESWAX— 27029c. £,
Dried Fruits,Nuts, Raisins, Honey
CHICAGO. Oct. 19.— Wheat was "decidedly
unsettled and the volume of. business* falr!y
large. Opening prices were easier, due to lawor,
cables and the large world's shlpmcnti. with
Russia still showing up strongly In contribu
ting to the general supply. Weather through
out the West and Northwest was also :t~ jl
favorable character and Induced much selling.
Rumors of impending trouble In Wall street
had some Influence early In the day and surr
rounded by all these bearish advances Decem
ber opened at Vi<8%c lower at 80%c to SO'-ic
and prices held around the opening fisrur.js until
noon, when a sharp upturn occurred on heavy
buying of December by a proonnent local tull,
which induced shorts to cover. With litrhc
offerings the price started "upward ami Decem
ber sold up to 81 %c. but at that figure, offer
ings became liberal and the decline which fol
lowed was as sudden as the rally. On the
general selling December declined to ?<Hic land
the close was at 804@80%c, a loss of 5&f£%c
for the day. • A •
Corn ruled weak under heavy sellinsr by
commission houses and provision people. De
cember closed with a loss of l@l»4c at 4340
43 He.
Weakness In wheat and corn, together with
increased receipts and good weather for the
movement, caused lower prices in oats. De
cember closed down lgl^ic at 34%@34%c.
Liquidation in October lard was the. feature
In the trading In provisions and, with only a
small support from brokers, the market ruled
weak. Heavy receipts of hogs, with a decline
of from 10c to 20c in prices at the yards, were
early bear factors. January pork closed 124c
lower, lard wa* off 20c, while ribs were down
74 c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
• . Last This Last
bed Bluff £™ ** 'VJ
S*cramento 000 .14 .12
Francisco £.<*> •»! ir l
c- r #c no O.«K) ."0 Tr
Tr^pWencV O.«, Tr .30
H«n Luis Obispo.. .. o.J-n « ; T>
!.->? Angeles «•?« •« Tji
. * : - 1 120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
' PAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 19—5 p. m.
' The. following are the MUCUl ra!n . fa " ! \ *?
<*.?e as compared with thoee of same date tost
KMML and rainfall In last twenty-four hours:
Weather Report.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
BM.Ask.l Bld.Ask.
4s qr coup.. — — Us flr new .. — —
4s qr reg . . . • — — , |8s qr coup . . — —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W Ps. — — O T Co 5s.. — 111
Bay CPC Ss.lftt 1044 Do con 69.103 105
Cal C G Bs.102 1044 O W C G 5». — 974
Cal G & E g Oceanic S 6s 75 79
m & ct 5s. — 1024 Om R C 6«. — 1224
Cal-fit 08 ... — — Pac G Im 4s — —
C C Wat 6s. 101 P E Ry 5S.108 1004
E L & P 6s. 125 130 P A C H 6s. — —
FiCHft.- 11«4 P & O R 6s. — —
Geary-st 5s.. 45 DO Powell-st 6s. — 114
H C&S 54S.101 — S E G&R 5s. — 103%
H C & S 5s'. — 100 SF te. SJVSs — 117
Hon R T 6a. 106^10* S R of C tis.1124 —
L A Elec Os. — 105 S P of A 6s
L A Ry 5s.. Ill — (1909) 107 —
L A L Co Us. — — (1910) — 109
Do g-td 6r. — — S P of A 6b
Do gtd 6S.102V41054 U9O5)Sr A.102»i —
LAP lem 5«. — 1034 (19O5)Sr B.103 —
Mkt-st C tls.118 — (1906) ....104% —
l>o lcm 5s. — 115 (1912) — 115%
NRR of C 6s — 107% SPC 1 eg 6s. — 11S4
Do 5s 114 116Vi Do stmpd..lOS4 —
N P C R 5s.lO6 — S P B R 6s. — 1344
N C R 5s... — 112^ S V W 6s.. 105% —
N C P C 5s. — — Do 4s 2dm. 99 10O
N S R 5s.. .100 — Do 4s 3dm. 99 —
O G L H 5s. — — (Stkn G&E 6s 93 —
O T Co 6s.. — 1204IU G & E 6s. — £~*.i
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 39 45 I Port Costa. . — —
Marin Co ... 61 — | Sp V W Co 39% 404
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 34 — S F G & E. 65% C6,
Mutual E L. 104 11 ¦ S F Gas ... 3 314
Pac G Imp.. — 53 Stock G A B 5 —
Pac Lighting 55 — U Q & E... — ¦ —
Sac E G & K — —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. 65 — </
INSURANCE.
Firem'g Fnd.325 —
BANK STOCKS.
Am Nat Bk. — 125 L P &. A — 170
Anglo-Cal .. — 95 Mer Trust ..225
Bank of Cal — 485 Merch Ex .. — -'— " -"¦=
Cal Safe Dp. — 160 S F Nation!. — — i "
First Natlonl — — ' / %
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L. — Sav & L Soc 90 110
Hum S & L. — — Sec Say Bk.40O 600
Mutual Sav. — — Union T Co. — —
S F Sav U.600 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 205 iPresldlo .... 37 41
Geary — 80 1
POWDER.
Giant 66 674/VIgorit — 6
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — 75o Kllauea S C — 8
Hawaiian C. 44 464 Makawell C. 21 22
Honokaa S C 124 13 Onomea S C. 32 324
Hutch SPC 9% 104 Paauhau S C 15% 16
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack. — 158 1 0ceanic S C 6U
Cal Fruit As 934 — Pac A F A. 2*i —
Cal Wine As — 06 |Pac C Borx.167 —
Morning Session.
Board —
20 Hutchinson S P Co 10 00
65 S F Gas & Electric Co 86 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
70 Hutchinson S P Co 10 00
$5000 S P of Arizona (1909) 107 00
Street —
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 66 00
$1000 S V 4 per cent bonds (2d mort). 99 60
MONDAY. Oct. 19—2 p. m.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
Silver made' another sharp advance. . Ex
change rates remained as before. ¦ .
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. _~_ $4 82%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 M^
Sterling Exchange, cables — -4 8^*
New York Exchange, sight ..... — li<4
New York Exchange, telegraphic . — 10
Silver, per ounce • — 61%
Mexican Dollars •••••• 4T ' *«
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT The foreign markets, remained un
chRneed The world's shipments for the week
were as 'follows, in quarters: Russian, 545,000;
Danubian. 206. OCm); Argentine, 20C0; . Indian,
The American visible supply increased 1,
379.000 bushels. ¦ - ' ¦"
This market was steddy for cash grain and.
weak for futures. The former was In very
j fair demand, with $1 40 bid for Port Costa de
livery.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 4O@l 45;' California
White Australian. $1 50@l 55; Northern Club,
$1 40@l 424; Northern Blue Stem. $1 50Q1 55;
Oregon Valley. $1 40@l 45 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m. 7 •
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...?1 *>4 *1 «;* *\ *°tt ?} 4<^
May 1 40% 1 40% 1 404 1 40^8
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 40% *$1 40% $1 10% $1 40%
December ... 1 404 « *V>* 1 *<>* l * ol *>
BARLEY— Receipts were liberal and the cash
grain was weak, but there was no decline.
Futures were firm.
I CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 12401 15; Shipping and Brewing.
$1 174©1 224; Chevalier, $1 20@l 45 for fair
1 to choice.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
December — $1 HTfe
'2 p. m. Session.
No sales.,
OATa — There were large receipts yesterday
and the market was quoted -weak In conse
quence, with holders- willing to • make conces
sions to effect sales, though there was no
actual decline. The demand was very fair.
White. *1 20fcl 324; Black, si 4O4fl 60;
Red, $1 20@l 25 for feed and $1 25@1 35 for
eced; Gray, $1 2244fl 274 per ctl.
CORN — Previous prices rule, with a quiet
and weak market.
Western. sacKed. $1 324 for Yellow. $1 324
for White and $1 :»0 for mixed; California large
Yellow, $1 «5@1 40; small round do, nominal;
White. $1 35(^1 40 per ctl.
KYE— $1 25@1 30 per ctl.
IIL'cKNvHKaT— $2 25®-- 60 per ctl.
Business continued very dull on the local
exchanges and prices showed no changes wor
thy of note.
The Central Oil Company declared" a divi
dend of 2 per cent last week.
Exchange and Bullion.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market is
quiet. Futures are firmly held, makers asking
from 5%®6c for prime, but spot supplies are
In light demand, the market ruling rather
easier. Common are quoted at 4<ff.V; prime,
. r >H'?i54c; choice. 6@64 r : ¦ fancy. 6%S:7c.
PRUNES — Quiet at recent quotations, rang
ing from :>>-4C to 7c for all grades.
APRICOTS— Remain firm; choice are quoted
at fl§SUr; extra choice at lOiglOVjo, and fancy
at ll@124c
PEACHES — Quiet and steady; choice are
quoted at 7 1 4'8'7%c; extra choice at 7%^'SVic;
fancy at 9Vi l f'l04c.
DRIED FRUITS
SUGAR — Raw, steady; refined, steady.
COFFEE — Spot Rio, quiet; No. 7 Invoice,
6%c: mild, steady; Cordova. 7!»<g'12c. Futures
closed steady, 5010 points higher; tctal sales.
4*000 bags, including December, ».10<?T5.20c;
May, I>.50<35.6i>c; July, 5.<30©5.76e; Septem
ber, 5.80Q 5. S5c.
WHEAT— Receipts, 67,750 bushels; exports,
57,500 bushels; spot, easy; No. 2 red, 85%c
f. o. b. elevator and $64c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
Northern Duluth. 91%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Manitoba, nominal f. o. b. aficat. Op
tions displayed early depression because of
lower cables, big Russian shipments and mod
erate unloadlns. At noon, however, they
turned strong, led by a scare of December
shorts and thereafter ruled firm, helped by
light Interior receipts until near the cloe»,
when a bear attack broke prices. They were
finally l &@'Tjc lower. May, S3 5-16ffS4c, closed
at S3%c; December, 86 l-16@S74c, closed- at
S«%c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Steady.
PETROLEUM— Firm.
NEW YORK, Oct. 19.— FLOUR— Receipts,
16,257 barrels; exports, 25,493 barrels; quieter,
but still firmly held; Mipnesota bakers, $3 759
4 10. " f.' '
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
New Eon^-Ixnd — Melons »nd tomatoes poor.
N>W. York— Bears secured; grap«* light;
ktn-«n of apples well advanced: quality ex
<"»j2ent, but supply less than average.
.New Jersey — Cranberry picking progressing
tlewly from lack of pickers; no serious injury
froin frost of 13th.
< Pennsylvania — Apples plentiful locally.
Virirtnia— Apple r&th»>rir.g and shipping in
rrr«T*>s*.
Florida — Citrus fruit* coloring.
Arkansas — Late apple* short ; quality in
ferior.
7er.r.ess*e— Apples in torn* secttons good; in
' -nTs sti'.l tfropping.
Ke-ntucky— Arises have dropped baaly.
Missouri— Arrlc* cf poor quality.
Iltlnol* — Apples continue to drop; light crcp
of Inferior quality.
- Indiana— Apple crcp light: fruit defective;
tArr.atoes' fair to excellent; late now ripening.
•; West Virginia— Few poaches, pears or plums;
sf-pl** scarce except in few counties.
Ofcioi-Apples continue dropping; sugar beets
Michigan— Sugar beets being harvested; crop
Jeir; epple yield fair.
I-,«a— Winter arples show light yielis.
- Kansas— General apple, crop poor. .„..„
i Oklahoma and Indian Territories— App»««
"*• wvlrtfiJgtM- Apple crop not heavy; prune*
gathered and Cried; good crop In some locall-
U Or**©n— Prune dirtng rrogressing satisfac
torily; apples * air -
.From the Crop Bulletin. United States De
j-«rtment of AgTlcu!tur*. 'Washington. D. C,
»«»k ended October 5:
Tne comhlned r'"evaJ<>nce of potato blight
ard rot throughout th* Northern States has
rrtet*rlally reduced the yield of these vege
tsble*. -
Government Fruit Crop Report.
more failures seem to be due to th« eame
causes which have necessitated the greater
r»rt of the prolonged liquidation In the Mock
market, namely, over-commitments In the pro
motion and underwriting of new enterprises,
! the f*curitles of which have no market In the.
1 present state of the monej- market. The reve
lation disclosed by the Baltimore failures
causes the drawing of uncomfortable infer
ences. It Is a remarkable fact also that up
to to-day the enormous shrinkage in the value
of securities and the urgent requirement*
which have be«n met In liquidation ha» not
caused a single failure in the banking and
trust company world. Reassuring statements
«ere published as to the limited field of the
Baltimore troubles, but these did not much
avail to cheer the sentiment In the stock mar
ket. There was a midday pause In the decline
after the completion of the London selling.
But the a-nnouneement of the second Baltimore
failure caused a renewal of the decline with
increased violence and the closing was heavy
and only slightly above the lowest. Illinois
Ontral made a spasmodic recovery of 1%.
The bond market yielded in sympathy with
stocks after some early resistance. Total sales,
par value. $4.410. <V>rt.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
FteckF— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchlson 77.330 «?Vi 64^ 64H
Atchison tM 400 SS 87^ 87H
Bait & Ohio 42.75O 74Ti 72^ 72'*
Bait & Ohio pf<1 .. 2O«> S7*t S7".* 86%
Canadian Pacific .. P.1U0 119U 117** 117%
Central of N J 155
Ches & Ohio 1.2<V> 30 28% 2S%
Chicago & Alton .. 3.RO0 25ii 24% 25 tt
Chic & Alton pfd. 100 63 63 61
Chic & Gt Western. 1.100 14% 14% 14H4
<" & G West B pfd. 100 26 20 25>4
Chicago & N W.. 1.40<> 15Rt£ 15514 IMh*
rhic T & Trans '9
Chl<- T & T pfd - 17
C C C * ft Louis. 2fn> 70 70 &8
Colo Southern 700 12H ll'fc II 'i
folr. South 1st pfd 700 MVj PI 60%
Olo South 24 pfd. 500 20 19N 19 l i
Dcla &. Hudson .. 400 154 152% 150
Del. Lack & West 230
Denver & Rio Or 1M&
Den & Rio Gr pfd. l«0 «u, tf<Vj «6>,
Erie 49.8.V> 27% 2« 2«V t
Erie 1st pfd 1.W0 «0 65 l j «5',
Erie 2d rfd 1.600 48 47i 4 47'j
Gt Northern x>fd 160
Hocking Valley 65
Hocking Val pfd 200 77 77 75
Illinois Central .. 1,600 130 128 129%
Iowa Central 200 18H 18H IS
Icwa Central pfd 3-'i
K C Southern IS
K C Southern pfd 31
Louisv & Nashv... 11.100 !>9 97% 9S
Manhattan L 500 131 Vi 130^i 130
Mptropol .Street Ry J.300 104 103V* 103'i
Minn *• Pt Louis 40
Missouri Padn>...; 2.20O _*7% *87% £8
Mo. Kans & Texas 100 1« 15H 164
M. K & T pfd 1.100 36% 34 33%
Nat KR of Mex pfd 33
N Y Central B.100 117 1 * 1151, 115%
Nor & Western . . 2,700 67 55% 55%
Nor * West pfd 1S5
Ont & Western .. 2.450 20% 19% . 13%
Pennsylvania 52.000 118% 117 117'*
P. C. C & St L 61>
Reading 20,900 46% 44% 44%
Reading 1st pfd 75'i
Heading 2d pfd 62
Rock Inland 25.1XX) 25 23Vi 23*4
Rock Island pfd .. 1.200 59% 67^i 67 vi
St Jjonin it 8 F 53
Ft L & S F 1st pfd 60
St L & S F 2d pfd 700 46«4 45>i 45>,i
St Louis S W 100 14>* 14H 13>s
Pt Louis S W pfd 300 31 SOVj 30
St Paul 28,650 137% 135% 136
Pt Paul pfd 170
Southern Pacific . 14,100 41 Vi 39 S9>4
Southern Railway. .W> IS 17 17
South Railway pfd 1.650 734 714 72
Texas & Pacific .. 1.100 23% 21% 21?*
Tol. St L & West. 100 17 17 16%
T. St L & W pfd 24
Union Pacific 72,800 72^ 69% 6SH5
Union Pacific pfd 84
Wabaeh 100 17% 17«i 16T4
Wabash pfd 2.600 30% 29% 29>i
Wheel & Lake Erie 14
Wisconsin Ct-ntral 16 I3V4 15>i
Express Companies —
Adams 223
American 180
United State* 100 1024 1024 101
Wells Fargo 200
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper 78,400 38% 35% 36'i
Amer Car & Found 5.100 21 19 19V*
Amer C Sc F pfd.. 2,800 69 65 65
Amer Lin Oil 200 9% 9% 9
Amer Lin Oil pfd 25
Amer Loco 2,100 134 134 124
Amer Loco pfd ... 1 200 7.1 714 71H
Amer 8melt & Ref. 7,200 40'i SflU, :{gii
Amer S & Ref pfd. 700 854 8.1% 834
Amer Pugar Ref... 5.DO0 I12>-4 llOyi lioii
Anaconda Min Co.. 200 «5% 64 62'
Brooklyn Rap Tran 8,400 S3V4 31 U .'51 %
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 1,100 ?,n 29 ' 28 '
Col & Hocking Coal 200 104 10U 10
Consolidated Gaa. .. 400 1734 172 171
General Electric 1.200 147% 144 14.3
Inter Paper n
Inter Paper pfd .. 100 61 61 61
Inter Pump 31
Inter Pump pfd 70
National Biscuit .. 1.100 35% 334 33
National Lead j ] «
North American 734
Pacific Mail COO I»% 1014 jo%
People's Gas 900 91 VJ flo>£ 90'A
Pressed Steel Car.. 1..100 304 5-"9Vi 29U
Pressed Steel C pfd. 200 69% C9U c«i2
Pullman Pal Car "10
Republic Steel ... 500 8»i R 7%
Republic Steel pfd. COO 67' 55% 65%
Rubber Goods 100 14 14 ' 14
Rubber Goods pfd £$
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 3.000 2fl 27*i 27<S4
V R I>cather 700 7 7 firT
IT S leather pfd.. 700 754 744 74
TT K Rubber ' 3
U S Rubber pfd 34
D S Hteel 24.S00 M"4 l"7i j-;
IT S Steel pfd JXS.WO 62 ' S9>; 59%
Western Union ... 2.000 824 814 814
Total shares sold.718,500
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO
NEW YORK. Oct. 19— United Railroads of
Pan Francisco bond transaction?: 5000 at 78 4- T
20,000 at 76%: 6C00 at 76%: 15.000 at 76ft.
NEW YORK BONDS.
V S ref 2s reg 10«4{L & Nash uni 4s. 98
Do coup 106VjjMan con «r 4g. 101
Do 3s reg 1074 Mex Cent 4 S ... 70
Do coup 10S«i! Do 1st Inc 134
Do new 4s reg.134 jMinn & St L 4s.. 91V*
Do coup 135 :M K ft T 4s ... 97
Do old 4s reg.. 11041 Do 2ds 715
Do coup IU14 N R R cf M c 4s 74
Do 6s reg 101 Vi N V Cent k 3 Vis. 08%
Do coup 1024 N J Ont g 6s. .12914
Atch gen 4« .... P*% Nor Pac 4s 10114
Do adjt 4m .... 00 Do 3s tovi
Atlantic C L 4s.. 90>; Nor & We 4s... flr.i;
Ealto & Ohio 4s. 99T<|Or 8 L 4s & Par. 90' j
Do 34* f»35iiPenn con .':4s .. p«ii
Cent of Ga 5a ..1054 Reading Gen 4s.. tm
Do 1st Inc .... «44 St L & I M c r.s.lio |
Che* & O 44«... 1014, St LtSKfj 4*. «!%
Cbl & Alton 34s. 71% Ht Loul* S W lsts ft»t,4
C B lc Q n 4s.. 924 Seaboard Air L 4s «7
O M & S P % 4s.lO«% jHouthern Pac 4s.. 88
Cbl & N W c 7e.l32 (Southern Ry On.. 112%
C R I & P RR4s. 7HijTex & Pac lsts.. 115
Do col Sc 704 Tel St L &. W 4* «;s
C C C & S L r 4s 96 Union Pacific 4s.. 101%
Chi Term 4s .... 73^ Do conv 4s ... 0*% |
Con Tobacco 4s.. 53% US Steel 24 Ss. 70*4 1
Colo & So 4*.... «34j Wabash lsts {....1154
D & R G 4s 994 Do Deb B '.... C2ii
Erie prior lien 4s. 97 Wheel & L E 4s, Srt
Do e« 4i 92?J !\vu Cent 4s.;.... 894
Ft W & D C lBtM.lOHVi Colo F & I C5e.. C84
Hocking Val 44*. 104%
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 10:Uttle Chief ..... cwj
AHc« 14 Ontario 4 00
ISreec* I0,Ophlr 1 40
Brunswick Con .. 04 Phoenix '07
Comstock Tunnel. Of»4iPotOBf 19
Con Cal & Va....l 20 Savage • -"J
Horn Silver 1 00 Sierra Nev 4i
Iron Silver .1 45 Email Hopes IS
Leedvllle Con ... 02 Standard ......... 1 SO
PERSIMMONS— *1©1 25 per box.
GRAPES— Isabella, 50@6Bc per crate: other
varieties, 25'SIOc for small boxes, 50>g*5c for
crates and 7«"c'&$l 50 for large open boxes;
Wine Grapes, *i»iS21 per ton for '/intandel
and $USlo for Mission; White. .$152~10 per
ton.
MELONS — Cantaloupes. $1@1 60 per crat^:
Nutmeg Melons, 60®S5c per box; Watermelons.
6@20c each.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, $2 50@2 75 for
fancy Valencias, $222 25 for choice and $lj*
1 50 for standard; Lemons. $1®3 per box;
Grape Fruit. $1 60^2 50; Mexican Limes, $4(0
4 t>0; Bananas, $1«1 75 per bunch for Ha
waiian and $2@3 for Central American; Pine
apples, $2$j2 50 per dozen.
QUINCES— 4015G0C per box.
FIOS— Nominal.
POMKGKANATES— 5O@75c for small boxes
and $2@2 St> for large.
PEARS— Bartl'tts. nominal; winter varie
ties, 40&"75c per box for common ana $1<81 *•>
for. Winter Nellis. . ,
There were moderate receipts of Strawber
ries an<l Raspberries, which arrived early in
time for the regular trade and cleaned up well
at higher rates. Huckleberries were well
cleaned up and firm. Citrus and Tropical
fruits had no change- worthy of note.
STRAWBERRIES— Longworths, per
chosf; large berries. $203 for Malindas and
$4<?i6 for the other varieties.
RASPRERP.IES— f5(S6.
RASPBERRIES— $".!ffl per chest.
CRANUERR1KS— Cape Cod, J'J 50 per bbl;
Coos Bay. $2 5(*g3 per box. „„
APPLES— DOc@$l per box for fancy, 50®
S5c for good to choice and 25®40c for com
mon. '
Local trade In fruits wa* rather quiet, but
as receipts were Hgrht th«r» were no great
changes in. price. Apples, which were in trw
supply, continued to move freely. There was
a limited demand for the Spitsenberg and Bald
win varieties at ?1 25 p*r box, but for other
varfetits the top quotation was an extreme
figure. Fancy Winter Nellls Pears were in
brisk demand for storage purposes and cleaned
up well at eteady rates. Small shipments of.
Persimmons were received and met with prompt
pale at good figures. Pomegranates and Quinces
were steady and unchanged. - There were not
enough Figs offering for a quotation. Tabl<»
Grapes and Melons were In ample supply and
steady, as the warm weather stimulated the,
demand. Prices of large open boxes had a wide
ranpe a« to variety and quality. Fancy Muscat
told readily at the top rate, while Tokays,
which were the most plentiful, were slow at
75ci?*l. The demand for Wine Grapes con
tinued slack and the market was very much
depressed. Receipts were liberal and Included
much poor and leaking stock, which would be
hard to dispose of even under more favorable
conditions.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Flour, qr ska ..25,581 {Sugar, ctla S63
Wheat, ctls 6,475 Beans, eks 15,434
Barley, ctls 11.358 Potatoes, sks.... 6,620
Oats, ctls 675. Onions, sks 334
Tallow, ctls.. 220 Bran, sks 2,418
Pelts, bdls 1.701 Middlings, sks... 420
Hides, No 1 .Sftl fihorts. sks 12
Paper, rolls 1.359 Feed, sks 21.1
Lime, bblf 317 Wool, bales 40S
Raisins, bxs .... 800 Hops, bales .... 500 !
Quicksilver, fisks 90 Straw, tons 20
Leather, rolls .. 163 Hay. tons 66f» I
Wine, gals 58.000 Broom corn, bdls. 817
OREGON.
Flour, qr *ks 5,458|Bran. sks 3.20O
Wheat, ctls 1.4001 Middlings, sks.. 1.610
Barley, etls 550 Short?, sks 1.250
Oats, ctls 3.960jFeed. sks 2.006
FOR MONDAY. OCT. 19.
Receipts of Produce.
Butter opened the week in satisfactory con
dition for sellers, and the different houses re
ported tho goods moving outward easily 'at the
improved prices. Receipt?, however, were large
and Included, liberal lines from Oregon and
Humboldt.
Most dealers continue to report a weak and
liberally supplied Cheese market, and some are
shading the quotations'to sell.
Eggs continue to creep up under an extreme
scarcity of fine ranch, and some sales at 52c
were reported yesterday, with the market prac
tically cleaned up. This famine in ranch Eggs
ia a great thing for cold-storage and Eastern
goods, which are moving off briskly.
* Receipts were 47.60O lbs Butter, 535 cases
Eggs and 22,400 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery. 28@29c for extras and
26@27c for seconds; dairy, 21@24c; store Butter.
17^'SlOc; cold storage, 2¥&'io<s; Eastern, 22®
24c per lb.
CHEESE — 12%c for good fiats, 13@13%c for
choke mild new and ll@12c for lower grades.
Young America, l."H(S14c; Eastern, 15%<9
lC^ic: Western. 14J?15c per- lb.
EGGS — Ranch, 4i>£ig51c; store, nominal; cold
storage, SOc; Eastern, 22<32Sc per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
.V«i? Y'^'k stocks open the week several points lower.
Lc col Stocks a4id Bonds continue inactive.
Silver makes another sJiarp advance. Exchange unchanged.-
Cash Wheat steady, but futures weak. Barky the reverse.
Oats weak under large arrivals. Corn also weak.
Feedstuff s firm. Hay steady, with ample receipts.
White Beans firm and colored weak.
Eastern Potato crop cut down by rot and blight.
Butter firm, Cheese weak and ranch Eggs stil! higher.
Rather less demand for Dried Fruits.
Previsions quiet, with Hams, Bacon end Lard y 2 c lower.
Hogs again lower, with liberal arrivals.
Raisin Association announces nerv quotatiotis.
Standard Oil Company quotes nnv prices for Candles.
plenty of Potatoes, O7iions and Vegetables offering. *
Poultry and Game in moderate receipt.
Not much change in Fresh Fruits.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Do 1st nfd 67% V 8 Steel 13%
Do 2d r>fd 49 Do pfd 60l t
Illinois Central... 134 Wabasn 17'£
Louin A Nash ...102 Do prd 31
Mo Kan & Tex.. 17 U
Bar sliver, strong, 28 1 4d p*r ounce. 'Money,
1%©2 per cent. The rate of discount in the
open market for short bills Is S-SSM 1 !' P«r cent.
and for three months' bills Is 3 O-IGQSH per
cent.
LONDON CLOSING .STOCKS
Con for monfy.gS 7-16'N Y Central ....120H
Con for acccmnt.§8 7-lfi'Norf & Western. 67^
Anaconda S%\ Do pfd 89'4
Atchison 6714 Ontario & West:. 21
Do pfd 00% 'Pennsylvania 60=4
Bait & Ohio 75HiRand Mines OS
Canadian Pacific. 122 iReading 23S.4
Ches & Ohio .... 30%! Do 1st sfd 3S
Chicago G W 15% Do 2d pfd 32
Ctil Mil & St P.. 141 4 'Southern Ry 18»i
DeB-ers k 19V. Do pM 76^
Denver & H G... 20 " Southern Pac ... 41%
Do pfd 70 Union Pacific ... 73
Erie • .2.9 Do pfd 87
Money — MIninr — * ¦:':¦>•
Call loans 3(74 Adventure 3^
Time loans •. ..5@6 Allouez 4^4
Bonds — Amalgamated ... 36i4
Atchlson 4s 98^4 Daly West 88 V*
Railroads— Bingham 21
Atchlson 04 Calumet* Hecla.430
I>o pfd 87%^Centennial 15U
Boston & Albany. 248 Copper Ran<e ... 43
Boston & Maine. 166 Dominion Coal .. 66
Boston Elevated.. 137 Ftanklln IV*
NYNH&H...194 Isle Royale 5H
Fitchburg tsfd ..135 Mohawk 85»£
Union PacUlc ... 69% Old Dominion .. 8'i
Mexican Central.. 9%'Oeceola 52
Miscellaneous — Parrot 16
American feugmr. .110 Qulncy 80
Do pfd 116% Santa Fe Copper. 1«J
Amer Te! & Tel. 121 hi Tamarack M
Dom I & Steel... 8H Trinity «Hi
General Electric. 14Vj Unltwi Stateg ... 16%
Maes Elec pfd... 77 Victoria 2*%
United Fruit .... 95 Utah 25
U 8 Steel 13 Winona fii*
I>> pfd 58 Wolverine 63 1 -!,
Westlnfrhje com.. 67
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS
POULTRY — Live Turkeys. 20@22c per lb for
young: and 14(&17c for old: Geese, per pair.
$1 75@2: Goslings. $2#2 25: Ducks. $4 50<S5
p«r dozen for old and $5@6 for young-
Hens. $5 50#6 for large and $4 50@5 for
Email; young Roosters, $4 50(g6; old Roosters
?4 nO@5; .Fryers, $3 60@4; Broilers. *3@
3 60 for large and $2 50@3 for small; Pigeons
$1 i>er dozen for old and $2@2 25 for Squabs.'
.• GAME — Mallard Ducks, $6 per dozen; Can
vasback. $7<g7 60; Sprig. $4S?4 50; Teal. $2 SO-
Widgeon. $3: Spoonbills. $2^2 50; email Duck«i
$2ig2 50: Gray Geese, $3f3 .50; Brant, $2 50;
English Snipe. $3 50; common Snipe $1 ,">()•
Wild Doves, $1 25; Rabbits, $1 75 for Cotton
tails and $1 25 for Brush; Hare, $1 25.
sound stock met -with prompt- sale. A large
portion of the receipts came to hand tainted,
owing: to the hot weather In the lnteiAir. and
had to be sold below the quotations or dumped.
COAL— "Wellington, $8 -per ton; Hew Wel
lington. IS: Seattle. $6 60; Bryant, f6 60; Bea
ver Hill, $5 60: Stanford. $7; Roalyn; $7; Cooa
Bay $5 60; Greta. $7; Wallsend. $7; Rich
mond $7 50; Cumberland. $13 in bulk and
$14 25 in sacks: Welch; Anthracite Egg. $13;
Welsh Lump. $11 50; Cannel $8 50 per ton;
Coke $11 50®13 per ton In bulk and $15 In
sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. $S 45 per
2000 lbs and $9 50 p<r ton. according to brand.
OIL Linseed, 49c for boiled and 47c for raw
In barrel* ; cases, 6c more; Castor Oil, In cases.
No 1 70c; Bakers' AA, $1 1001 12; Lucol. 44c
for" boiled and 42o for raw In barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels, 90c: cases. 95c;
China Nut, 65@70e per gallon; pure Neatsfoot,
Jn barrels. 75c; caees, 80c; Sperm, pure, 75c;
Whale Oil. natural white, 50@55c per gallon;
Fish Oil. in barrels. 45c; cases. 60c; Cocoanut
Oil, in barrels, 58c for Ceylon and 65c for Au»-
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil In bulk.
14%c; Pearl Oil In cases. 21c; Astral. 21c;
Star 21c; Extra 8tar. 25c; Elaine. 27c; Eocene,
24c: deodorized Stove Gasoline. In bulk. 17c;
in cases, 23%c: Benzine, In bulk. 13c; In cases,
19^c; 86-degre* Gasoline, In bulk. 21c; In
cases, 27Vjc.
TURPENTINE— SOc per gallon In cases and
74c In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 6%0
7c per lb; White- Lead, 6%®7c. according to
quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 10O-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.85c;
Powdered, 5.70c; Candy Granulated, 5.70c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.60c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
6.60c: Fruit Granulated. 5.60o; Beet Granu
lated (100-lb bags only). 6.40c: Confectioners'
A. 5.60c: Magnolia A. 5.20c; Extra C. 5.10c;
Golden C, 5c; "D." 4.90c; barrels, 10c more;
half barrels. 25c more; boxes. 50c more; 50-Ih
bags. 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels. 6.10c: boxes. 6.36c per lb. No orders
taken fo? less than seventy-five barrels or Its
equivalent.
CANDLES— The Standard Oil Company
quotes new prices as follows: Electric Usht.
8fpllc per set; Granite Mining. SHS'UHc; Par
affin* Wax. lO^-SHUc: Radiant Parafflne
Wax, 7%®10c.
futures. Locally however, tin was higher and
Eteady. closing at ?25 75@26.
Copper declined Is 6d to £54 11s 3d for spot
and £54 6s 3d for futures in the English mar
ket '. Loyally copper "remained quiet and nom
inally unchanged. Lake is quoted at $13@>
13 12^- electrolytic. $13; -casting. $12 62%. ,
- Lead was unchanged at $4 50 in New York
and at £11 in London. j
Spelter was steady at $6 in New York, but
gained 6s 3d in London, where it closed at
£20 7s 6d. „,
Iron closed at 60s in Glasgow and at 43s
4V4d in Middlesboro. Locally iron was un
changed No. 1 foundry. Northern, is quoted
at $16<S16 50; No. 2 foundry. Northern, $1515.
16; No7 1 foundry. Southern, soft, SlSfflS PO.
Visible Grain Supply.
XEW YORK. Oct. 10- — The visible supply
of grain Saturday. October 17. as compiled by
the New York Produce Exchange, is as fol-
Bushels. Increase.
Wheat ... • 22.275.000 1.427.0O0
P 0 "n ;.. 8.412,000 14.000
Oat« • • • 7.1*89,000 1.418.000
Barley'"".'.. '4,489,000 830,000
57. Louis Wool Market.
ST LOTUS. Oct. 1!>. — Wool, dull and un
chanc'd- medium praxes, combine and cloth-
Ing. 17@21»ic; light, fine, WflJHpi heavy,
fln-?. 12^141^c; tub washed, 20@30c.
New York Cotton Market. .
NEW YORK, Oct. 19— The cotton market
closed at practically the lowest of the session,
or at a net loss of 10^22 rolntB.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, Oct. 19.— Clearings, $723,949:
''ta'cOMA, Oct. 19.— Clearings, $438,632;.
05^!. 19-Clearings. $961,564:
ba ppOKANE; 6( Sct. 19.-Clear.ngs. $434,495;
balances. $24.954.' . .
Northern Wheat Market.
OEGON.
PORTLAND Oct. 19.— Wheat— Walla Wal
la 74c; Bhiestem, 75c; .Valley, 77c.
WASHINGTON. •'...;
T\COMA Oct. 19.— Wheat— %-e94c higher;
Bluestem. 81c; Club. "Sc.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1903.
30 Monte Cristo Oil SO
Street — • ;
4000 Independence Oil (cash) 20
Afternoon Session.
10Q Home Oil (b 30) W
100ft Independence Oil <s -V>) 20
2O0O Independence Oil <b S<>) 21
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
The following w»re th* sale* on th« Ssn
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day.
Morning Session.
POO Andes 25 10O Crown P .... 19
10O Best & B ..145 10O Keyea G 1 70
200 Caledonia ... 85 200 Union Con... w
100 Chollar 22
Afternoon Session.
ltOO Alpha 09 ICO Savage 2-4
200 Gould & C... 17 ICO Sierra Nev... 4!»
lOOO Julia OS 100 Silver HU1 .. f2
30O Occidental .. 22 300 Union Con .. 09
100 Overman .... 22
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
The following were the sales on the Paclfla
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
20O Andes 24 10O Mexican ...1 02 *'•,
300 Belcher 12 .TOO Savage *J
600 Bullion H 210 Sierra Nev .. 4h
300 Crown P 17 20O Vnlon Con ". . 60
100 Hale & Nor.. K5 200 Yellow J ... 40
SCO Julia 0S|
Afternoon Session.
300 Andes 2*i 100 Mexican ...lC2 1 -i
300 Belcher 14 ROO Overman .... 22
SOO Chal Con .... 30 WO Overman .... 24
100 C C & Va.l 27Vi 200 Sierra Nev .. 4«
300 Crown P .... IT 50 Silver Hill .. 62
200 Exchequer ... IS 10O Tellow J .... 3l»
100 Hale & Nor. . 58 300 Tellow J 41
TONOPAII MINING EXCHANGE.
The following were the sales on the San
Francisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yes
terday:
Morning ¦ Session.
SOO North Star.... 31/ 100 North Star .. 30
Afternoon Session.
6000 Esperanza .... 01 400 Oriole 44
100O Esperanza ... 02 WO Pine Grove .. SO
SOO MacNamara . 16 200 Pine Grove .. si
500 Mont Ton to 100 Ton & Cal ... 2*
200 Mont Ton ... 00 200 Ton N Star... 32
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, Oct. 19 — 1 p. m.
. • . Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha OS CO Julia 07 t»
Alta 02 OS Justice 05 W
Andes 23 Zi Kentuck 01 02
Belcher 12 13 K Graessler..l 70 1 75
Best * Bel...l 40 1 43 Mexican 1 00 1 03
Bullion • 11 13 Occidental ... 22 2*
Caledonia ... 85 W Ophlr 1 45 1 5O
Chal Con 28 30!Ovennan .... 20 22
Chollar 22 2r« Potosl 21 JT»
Confidence ... 70 75 Savpge 24 25
Con C 4 Va.l 25 1 30 Scorpion OS Ot
Con Imperial. 03 O4 Seg Belcher . 04 t«
Con NY 10 — Sierra Nev... 4S 4!»
Crown Point. Hi Klsilver Hill .. «3 63
Eureka — 50iSt Louis .... 11 —
Exchequer... 15 18 Syndicate .... — M
Gould & Cur. 18 IS Union Con ...- 89 «>
Hale &. Nor.. 55 60 Utah 1» 20
Lady Wash... 03 W rellow Jacket 40 41
TONOPAH MINES.
Colehan — 17 Ton Belmont . 90 1 CO
EspTranza ... 01 02 C & Cal - 24
Lucky Tom... — 10 Tonopah — TW
MartfamaS. • 14 17 Ton N Star.. 31 S3
MUpah Exten 10 24 Ton Midway . 25 £»
Montana Ton. W 1 00 Ton 43Uk. 15 2O
Paymaster .. 08 15 Ton Union... — 1 W
Pine Grove.. — 81 United Ton... — 14
Rescue 08 101
LOCAL MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
Nnv York Metal Market.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
11
AUCTION SALES
fe GRAND £*
AUCTION SALE
Of Magnificent
ALL-PURPOSE HORSES.
40 head, weighing from 1200 to 1800 Vb9-.
ages ranging from 4 to 8 year*; also swvsral
standard-bred roadsters; Edith. 2:10: Monaco.
2:15, and mares by Director, Guy McKlnney.
etc. These fine horses are all sound, well bro-
ken and suitable for any kind ot work. Sal*
takes clace next
WEDNESDAY EVENING, OCT. ax,
Commencing at 7:45.
Occidental Horse Exchange,
248 Third St., near Fol»om..
WILLIAM G. LAYNG. Livestock Auctions.
Horses at salesyard Tuesday.
L. H, BURD, Auctioneer
V < WILL SELL
TUESDAY, OCTOBER so, xi A. M,
THE ELEGANT
New Furniture and Piano
of residence. 1523 MCALLISTER ST.
L. H. -BURP, Auctioneer.
£a £* £*
DON'T FORGET THE BIO AUCTION
SALE of horses, wagons, carts, bngglesv sur-
reys and milk waxons and all kinds of. singla
and double harness; also 1 fine driving don-
key, cart and harness. TUESDAY. Oct. 20, 11
a. m.. 1140 Folsom st. _^_^^___
fe £* * £»
/AUCTION SALE AT ARCADE HOB S3
MARKET. 327 PIXTH ST., WEDNESDAY.
October 21. at 11 a. m. By order of J. How-
ard Mitchell of Yolo County. I will sell 40 good
young horses. To be sold without limit or re-
eerve. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.THE SAN FFANCJSCO CALL. TUESDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1903.
12
i MlSCELLAXEOt'S FOR SALE Con$
I All bargains :camp stools and cbairs:hammoe'«».
I metal beds. ma ttreases. J. F. Hotter. 712 Mission.
Edl«cn phonographs, records, supplies, moria*
picture machines, fllma. Badgaiupt. VII MVt.
G v«;OLIVE engines automobile* and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 49 yr»mont »t.
ASK for prices on second-hand I typewriters: »:;
makes. ALEXANDER A CO.. 110 Montr j.
MISCELLA3iEOI?g WAXTS.
WASTED — A good home In a respectable fam-
ily of acrults by a respectably young Arrwri-
can woman. Addrefla box 4.05. Call offlce.
I PAY highest prices ,«0»^"j^^ iEE?
clothing; eend postal. MORRIS*. 3.0 Folsora.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. H0LME>.
114& Market et.: phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
! TILTON' wants good second-hand clothing an!
j theatrical goods. 154 9th st. ; tel. Jessl» 2331.
A — NICKEL slot punching and lifting machine;
must be cheap. Box 731. Call offlce.
A BIO price paid for sealskins: »end postal.
23 Stockton st. : phone Bush 4M.
MOXEV TO LOAJI.
' A A A— HERMAN MURPHY.
601-602-»X« Examiner building-.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.: legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
Sea HERMAN MURPHY.
INTEREST REDUCED TO 5 PER CENT.
DEAL DIRECT: SAVE EXPENSES.
I will loan on 1st. 2d and 3d mortgages. SAX
FRANCISCO. OAKLAND. TOWN. COUN-
TRY PROPERTY and REAL ESTATE la
probate; send full particulars of property; no
answer otherwise. Box 2493. Call offlce.
ADVANCES on furniture and pianos without
removal; to permanent salaried peopls on
their note without security or knowleds»_or"
employer; lowest rates; no commission. Na-
tional Credit Co. C3 and 69 Donohoa build-
lr.g. 1170 Market at. _
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 848
Market st. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; largest business la
4G principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldy.
THE Open Credit Assn. makea advances to re-
sponsible salaried people, confidentially; nevr
and simple plan; easy Installments. Room
CO. Academy of Sciences. 819 Market st.
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANS oa fur-
niture. planes or to salaried people on their
note; proper treatment guaranteed. ILLINOIS
TRUST CO.. r. 16. Phelan bid.. tel.MaJn 704.
A — 1 p«r cent on furniture or piano: no remov-
al, no commission, no publlclty;$23 up; quick,
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 7.
M. JACOBSEN A CO., room 621. Emma Spreck-
e'.s Building, loans money on real estate and
all other securities; confidential; low rates.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
TO salaried people without securit) ; on fur-
niture, indorsed notes and other security.
S. F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bids.
YOU can borrow mora money on your furniture
than any other place In city: no commission.
612 Parrott building; phone South 653.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery, room 16.^
ON furniture piano; no removal. E. W. LICK,
1003 Mutual Savings Bank bldg.. 708 Market.
MONEY loaned to salaried employes. O. T7.
MILLER, room 74, fifth floor. Chronicle bids.
S% ON furniture * pianos; $15 up: no removal.
V. TREMAIN. room SI. 6 Eddy at., floor 4.
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Lean Bank. 538 Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R.311. Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
indorser. MORELL. 600 Examiner bldg.
MUSICAL INSTIIUMEXTS.
NO trouble with people who buy the HeltM
piano; 700O satisfied customers the best nd-
vertisemeit : strictly high grade ar.d sold di-
rect from factory to purchaser;- this enables
you to procure a flrst-cla3s piano at a rea-
sonable price; we carry 14 different make*;
any piano purchased from ua taken In ex-
change any time within 5 years and full
purchase price allowed on a Peerleea Heina
or any of our other makes. Some bargain*,
all uprightst: Collard. $45: Weber, $7«;
Sherman & Hyde. 590; Kimball. $1J5; Smith A
Harnes, $150; Miller. $178; Emerson. $185;
Mansfield & Notnl $125; 2 Stelnways $145,
$265; 2 Chlckerlrg. $85. $175; 2 Heine, 'slight-
ly used. $325. $-'»t;5. and 23 others. Install-
ments. $4 up; rents, $2 up, allowed on pur-
chase. HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-2-17 Geary
St.; Oakland branch. Fifteenth and Broad-
way, old P. O. site. Largest exclusive
wholesale and retail dealers of the West.
THIS AD IS OUR GREATEST EXPENSE.
We pay no rent, aa we own the building.
The only reason we advertise Is to let you
know we rent tho best piano (n the city for $3
per month. Now we can eell you one Just ths
same. Our »xpenses are so very much less
than other firms, why not Investigate our prices
and compare notes? Invest 5c carfare and save. ,
from $73 to $150 on a piano. SCOTT-CURTA2
PIANO CO.. 660-62-64 Hayes st.
WE do not advise the purchase of cheap pianos,
as they are seldom satisfactory, but we h.iv»
pianos at a medium price that can be guar-
anteed to please the most critical. Our best
sellers are the Behr Bros.. Baumetster and
Schubert. THE ZEN.O MAUVAIS MU3IO
CO.. 769 Market at.
A FINE lot of second-hand uprights from (30
up, including such makes as Chickering.
Vose, Krosger. Curtaa. Klrkhara. Pease.
Hardman. Marshall A Wendell. Baus and
others. BENJ. CURTAZ A SON. 18 O'Far-
rell st. No branches In San Francisco.
BAND instruments: F. Besson. Parts, maker:
Gus Malwald. Agt. Pac. Coast. 27S O'Farrell;
skillful repairing; 2d-hand Instruments sold.
A STECK A GABLER upright, nearly new,
cheap; a ynap. HORNUNO. 216 McAllister.
RARE chance; cash or payments; elegant high
grade upright. 16 McAllister st.
Unredeemed storage pianos and furniture dirt
cheap. Whltehead's Storage, 1636 Market st.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Steinway upright piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe'a.255 O'Farrell.
EOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Ocllian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post it.
EUPERIOR violinsv zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
STORE and 3 rooms; grood stand for shoemaker
or other business. 711 Fulton St.; rent $13.
Apply MADISON A BURKE.
FRONT offlce. p'.ate glass window; ground
floor. F. L. JONES & CO.. e3O Market st.
STORE with large basement; below Kearny
»t.; rent $30. Apply 63ft Clay st- room 1.
PERSONALS.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, Im>4
proves Jts growth.stops falling. "cures dandru.T
and itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp;at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star RemedyCo..l338 Polk.
' "WRINKLES removed; fine complexion guar-
anteed; new method: shampooing, hair dried
by sun. 60c; dandruff cured 3 days; vibratory
1 treatments, for all diseases. C. HOFF. 710
I Sutter St.. near Taylor; tel. Larkin 4tt;6.
I THERE tr<* other cereal coffees, but If you
want the best ask your grocer for Cof*farln;
absolutely pure, palatable and nourishing.
THE COF-KARIN CO.. 134 Valencia st.
AN estimable gentleman desires lady partner
to travel: good business proposition. Address
! V. W. MOORE. 125 Temple St.. Los An-
l gelea. Cal. g
! CLAUD AUGUSTUS CT'RRIE. his wife or
i children, cr any one knowing their* where-
i abouts, please communicate wltft box 711,
Call, and learn something to their advantage.
BRAUN — Professor Martin, graduate masseur
, of the Imperial University Hospital Vienna.
Office 224 Starr Kinc bldg.. 121 Geary. Tel.
Exchange 216.
NOT how cheap but hoxr good is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
! Standard, the sewing-machine of to-day. J
I W- EVANS, agent. 1021 Market st.
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cum p«r-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy ' 251 Grant ave..
corner Sutter st.: fee moderate.
LIQUOR habit cured. We guarantee to cure
the liquor habit In 2 daya or no charges.
[ Acme Liquor Cure Co.. 097 Market.. r. 202.
¦ DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drus
caees positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
. 1S.T9 Polk St.: consultation free ;catl or write.
' DANCING Tuesday. Thursday Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonla Hall. Howard;
j »t.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster. J
ANDERSON— Elejrant theatrical and msuqu.r-
ade costumes renttd. 20 O'Farrell st.
SUITS to order on Installment* $1 per weak.
\ Neuhaus A Co.. merch. tailors, 727-729 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair A moles removed by •!«:-
. trie needl*. Dr. A Mrs.Traverse.X170 Market.
I CLAIRVOYANTS — Contlnned.
1 MY Rccular S3 Readings This Week for
j «1 *l 51 *1 *t *1 * X
PttOFESSOU PaUL L>ESTUCi2<
The Firal Kfgulcred Tranc* Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San FruucUco.
I «!i. lici^Ly «uteranly *.s:i>.-c ana guarantee
to nittke uw chars* if * '-'* lt) tel1 >' ou 3"°'-""
', uccupaUbn at.J what you called for;
1 nrutuis* iu tall you whether husband, wlfo
! or inert heart is ;rue ur false; 1 tell you
whom and when you will marry; In fact, 1
will lell you every hope, rear or ambition
Utter than yc\x oan tell yoursilf; 1 improve
your < liarncur ru that you v/HI reach tha
h'phett i" development in mental vlcor,
health. happUiesa and cnyaclty to eurn
wealth; *«> you will live hai>i>y .-Mid contented
the rent or >uur life. Hours 10 a. m. to S
p. m.; Sundays. 2 to 8. :;2<> O'Farrell St.. 320.
MME. M. UEKXAKI). THK FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, -perrn.a-
n<?ntiy located at 17 Third st.. r.ext Kxamlner
t»l»Jg.: she reads your life correctly, gives aa
accurate deecriotion of the past, rrveals tho
present h«pj>enlr.g;» and portrays events to
uccur In the iuture; if'you are la trouble, dls-
ccntented cr not satisfied In life, or have do-
mestic, love or busincfs troubles, consult this
great rae«!ium and you will be ?.>Ju how to
overcome Item; valuable advice in all affairs
cf life; 2&c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
!rss by mail. Tel. niack *5C3.
ISMAK. the Erjptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
1 ptlmist. permnrently located at 1104 Market
• t., '•or. Turk: private readinK* dally, 10 a.
ni. to 6 p. m. ; readings by mail n» satisfac-
tory as In person; li questions answered, $1:
mil life. y5: p«nd Jock ot hair, date and year
cf birth; don't send currency. Send postofOce.
Wells-Far go money order or registered letter.
MME. LEE. palmistry and clairvoyant; hours
0-5; evenings and Sundays by appointment;
readings 50c. 1200 Market, parlor 61; elev.
JUST arrived; Mme. Davis, greatest raaglo
: <ard reader on coast; born, crowned, veiled.
705 Market, parlors 16-17: 2J-50c; mall $1.
i A— Mme. Ravenna read* life, business advice;
:ian-.»* elver.: I'.'c up. T> 4th st.. near Market.
I MRS GARDNER, clairvoyant, card reader.
C55I3 Minna St., b»t. 7th and 8th; hours 9-9.
i OLI'I^T lady palmist and card reader in city.
i 2o',j Kearny. room 20: ladles 25c. gjnts
I MRS ItKOW.V. clain-oyant. card reader; ladiej
( Sio. scnts 30c; readings dally. 132 Sixth at.
i MME V.'ALTERS. wreat card reader; ladles 25;,
I gents . r >0c. 051 Mitsion st...nr. Cth: open Sun.
I MIPS WARD trlves names, dates and facts:
hours JO to 6. 413 Mason St.; no slgru
I MRS. EHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader: slt-
tir.gs dally. 44S»4 Jessie St.. bet. 5th and 6th.
CAKPET nEATIXG AXP CLE AJf IXO.
! AIR. compressed, dry. Ice cold. Is now unlver-
fally used in sanitarily cleaning carpets, oa
floor without removal or injury: prices mod-
fate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
I CLEANING CO.. Call bid.; phone Main 5237.
j ___^_ -
i WHEN you become disgusted with your work
; tend for SPAULD1NGS Pioneer Carpet-beat-
, isg Works. :ite-ZZ~ Tehama st.: tel. South 40.
¦ SMITHS Carpet Cleaning Co.: Al work guar-
cnteed. .Sc. IS43 l£th st. : phone Capp 1551.
; WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Wcrirs. i^W Har-
rison St.: Al cleaning. 3c: tel. Mission 225.
I CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor, 329 Ouerrero St.; tel. Mission 43.
TRY HOPKE nROS.: excellent carpet-beatln?;
mattresses made over. 1432 Howard :South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.:
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CC-. Praps.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel.Misslon 233.
CON KLIN'S Superior Carpet-beatlns Works.
, 333 Golden Gate ave.; te'ephon* Fn«t 1?«.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
rlty cr ccuntry. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10: tel. R5S0
PEXTISTS.
I ELECTRO^biENTALCLlNlcT"^j'MTrliet~»C
ccr. Fourth, room 7. Flood building; extrac-
tions done painlessly; teetn without plates
cur specialty: gold crowns. $3 M) up: plates
S4 to up, extraction free: of nee nours. 9
a. m. to 9 p. m.: Sundays. 9 to 2.
; DK. GKUSS. 504-5-6 Callaghan bldg.. Market
BT.& McAllister sts., uses the Basford Obtun-
der. the only device ever Invented for grind-
ins, drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
without pain. For demonstration and proof
till at office.
DK. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market. nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
rtade; o!d plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per «et: extracdns. 60c: gas gives.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs. ; crown. $3 50; filling.*. 50c;
plates $5: full set;all rrorie rainl>«s and war.
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth *L
! PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, ccr. Bush —
Set teeth $1 50 up; crowns J2 up: fillings 25c?
; GOLD fi:!inss. 7Sc: silver. 35c; crowns. $2; no
ra'n- cnen Sunday. Dr.O P.Hfw!'t.'.'iM Stttt-r.
1JKESS3IAKERS AXD SEAHSTHESSKS
1 McDOIVELL Drcesxaklng and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
i ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting, ateiv-
art's button A buttonhole factory. \\'< Taylor.
EDUCATIONAL.
!<THE San Francisco Young Men's Christian
Association conduct* a night sc.iool tor men.
an f r-gir.etrir.g schocl. an eveains law school.
u working boys' night school and a day busl-
i.ts.v and academic school. Students hav«
pyicnaslum and other privileges. Apply a:
Y. M C. A. building. Mason and Ellis «•*.
Lady hc-r own dtcoiator, in oil |>a!nt-
EVF.RY ing en Eilk, satin, velvet ana rib-
bons: letsons in circlets or single;
terms moderate. FRENCH ART INSTITUTE,
1135 Gearv it.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch tyring,
languages. telegraphy. English branches:
day and night sessions; illus. catalogue free,
UlNMAN'ii Academy; a thorough echooi of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Po'.k St.;
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are cow open for the season.
i AYRES. the leading business, college. 723 Mar-
; ket st.; special summer course in all depart-
: ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
\ ship. $20; day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA BusineM College, 305 Larktn st.
' "A~~ thorough school"; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods: individual lo-
J ftruction. Write for illustrated catalogue.
. j THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
- I for the university. law and medical colleges;
I ref.. President Jordan or a-ny Stanford pro-
fessor: day. evening sessions. Phelan bid?.
, DANCING Tuesday, Thursday. Saturday and
: Sunday evenings at Teutonta Hall, Howard
; tx., near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
1 A— EAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1230
i Market st. — Practical, progressive, reliable;
, dey A evening sessions: write for catalogue.
A GENTLEMAN teaches privately yfrnng men
'. and women whose education has peen neg-
lected; also foreigners. Call or add. 719 Post.
' HEALD'S School of Mines & Electricity, 21 Post
ct., B. F. ; a practical school cf engineering;
I complete equipment, fpeclal catalogue free.
' ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln./mech., sur-
\"ey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1&64. V«n
; der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
• SPANISlLFrtneh.etc.Prot.DeFIHppe'sAcadem/
" of Languages.320Post;estab'dl871; ablest profi.
- GOLDEN Gate Com'l College. 530 Golden Gats
i ave: full business course: day and evening.
-' SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
t PAP.TINCTO.VS. 424 Pine st. ..Night clasa.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar.wrltlnB,
etc.; day or eve.: $5 mo. 1024 Mlsslon.nr 6th.
PIANO leMone given to beginners at 50c. Box
2C10. Call offlce.
- ¦ — — — — .— — — —
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEOP.'JE AOKI. 421 Post St.: teL Bush 135—
" Japanese-Chinese employment offlce: fur-
'. niches best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
0 IF you want Japanese help, advertise In Th«
3 New World. Japanese daily paper. 353 Geary.
3 i
j A — ORPIIEUM Employment Offlce^ — Japanes*-
0 Chinese help. 426 Powoll. Tel. Main B752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Offlce. 413
Stockton: tel. Grant 1C8; expert, reliable help.
- CHINESE Employment Offlce— Best help at
• Leon Seung's. 411% O'Farrell: tel. East 428.
• RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Ot-
flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanesa help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1307. BRADLEY ft CO.. 'i40 Clay.
• E3IPLOYMEXT WANTED — FEMALE.
- 2 GIRLS recently from New York wish Eltua-
• li. nf. one a- chambermaid and waitress,
• ether exj>crlcnced as seamstress on waists
and skirts. Addrces BRANCH, 015 Larkin.
- A WOMAN wishes situation as cook in pri-
vate family; no objection to assisting ir
~ t housework. Box 44o2. Call.
• 2 REFINED American girls want petitions a;
tecond girl and nurse to child: same family
country preferred: references. Box 2ei7, Call
5 COMPETENT Scandinavian woman wishes s
situation, housework and cooking. 1244 How-
ard ?t.. near Ninth.
3 A RELIABLE woman would like washing oi
. hounecleanins by the day. Address Laun
' dress. 410 Cortland ave. -
- RELIABLE woman wants housework by tb<
day; good laundress. Box 4450, Call.
; A WOMAN to do light housework or work bj
the du-. Please call at 103 Van Ness ave
»A« FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner Market an<l Third streets; oi*n
sr.tl! 12 o'clock every night in the rear.
ORA2CCH OFFICES— :27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:.T0 p. m.
S00 H»y* etr«rt; or*-n until 9:20 p. m.
C3U McA'.lister street; oj,<en until 0:30 p. m.
'C13 Larkin street; open until S'.SO p. m.
l&ll Mts.--1o:i street; open unttl 10 p. m.
2201 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
BBtU I p. n. ,
106 Eleventh street; open until 8 p. m.
1036 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
o; < :, until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and
Kentucky streets: open until 9 p. m.
2200 Flllrsorc street; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING XOT1CKS.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. M.. 8J^
S C1 r.i«*t THIS (TUESDAY) E\EN-XX
.XG. October 20. at 7:30 o'clock. /^f\
fcUUr-J ineot:ng end R. A. degree. By
order of the H. P.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN Gi.te l.-joge No. 30. F. and A. «S^
M.— Called mt-cung THIS (TUES- VV
DAT) evening, at 7:^0 o'clock. /V\
First degree. By order of W. M. ;
EDWIN L MEYER. Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and A. B
(«.— Second degree THIS OVESDA*)
nVENIXG. at 7:30 o'clock. /YN
A. S. HCSBAKD, Becrctary.
UNITY Lodce No. 131. I. O. O. F. .^SSSVo
- Social wMst THIS EVENING. ivSCSSS
Vijlting br thcr* cordially in- --J^^RsfJ?
vlted. F. II. HOLCOMB. N. G.
E. H. ANDREWS. li. S. :
DAMON Lodge No. 2. K. of P. — OfS- -J^S
¦ er> and members are re<juf sted to '¦-¦LjSK^
atter.d cur next, rc-sular ir.etting,
Oft. 20, ¥ p. m.. to receive our .£^5*^
trand rhar.collor. Merr.fcrrr of sister lodgts
ar.d sc iourT;iiiK brothers are Invited Per
order F. J. LEWIS. C. C.
J. H. DAXCTOX, K. of R. and S.
NEIGHBORS of Psn J-"ran- — -- _-JS i
Cisco Can:p No. 4j7. 1 ' " t*S '
IVooAawa of the World — f^*Pyir '/"??«
You are requoEtt-d to as- t^»Tw£5J&jS^j
¦tetnble at the cam:>. 2tT.S Tuij jTji«irT** r iT) r
Mission St., TUESDAY.
Oct. 20. l»Ci. at 1 p. m. sharp, to attend
the funeral of our late neighbor. GEORGE
H. TEWKSBURY. i'lacc of Interment, Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery.
It. tt\ PARKES. Consul Commander.
K. J. McCLIXTOCK. Clerk.
LOCAL No. 23S. I. B. E. W. — OJflcers and
mrmbeni are nctif-ert to attend tli«- funeral
of our Int.? brother. TEWKSBURY. from the
Gulden Gato Undertaking Company TO-DAY
(TUESDAY) at 1:30 p. m. •
V. A. CLIFFORD. President.
J. A. SMITH, Reeordinc Secretary.
TJIE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mir.e by hydraulic
IW'PCW from E. C. Kavansush and William
H. Duffev in Phillips mine, near Fcrest
Hill. Flaeer County. Cal.. draining into Mis-
;:ourl Creek, which reaches American River,
end from North America Consolidated Gold
Mining Corr.t'any. In Its mine near Glbson-
v::ie. Sierra County. Cal.. draining Into west
(.ranch of Slate Creek, which reaches Yuba
Ri v er. gives notice that meeting will be held
at room 90 Flood building. San Francisco.
Cal.. November 2. I9C3. at 1 :30 p. m.
AGENTS WANTED.
¦ ' ¦-"-'? ¦ -
WANTED — 100 bright, energetic and thor-
oughly reliable agents, male or female, all
over the Pacific Cc<ast. to present a strictly
first -class business proposition. Box 4701, Call.
AcilCNTS — An agency for a proposition that le
a dc-ciu'i improvement on building and loan
:s vcrtb bavj&ff. Great Western Improve-
ment «.Vmpary. Parrott bldg.
ATTO It N E V S- AT- L AW.
ADVICE FREE.
OLD ESTABLISHED
COLUMBIAN LAW A: COLLECTION AGENCY
Able attorneys. Rm. SO. WIG Market, oppo-
eitt Emporium. Bad tenants ejected ipecdlly
end reasonably. Collections, no matter how
Fmall, attended to; attachments: bonds fur-
nished; lorporHtior.s organized; clvi! and crim-
inal practice. Tel. John tj"22<j. Open evgs. by ap-
I>cint:r.em. We solicit an Ietcrvtew \mh you.
ADVICE FKEE. ESTABLISHED S2.YEAB&.
Cv trees u. specialty. Private, vjuick.
NO PAY UNLESS HL'CC'i.-.-FL'L.
G. W. HOWE.
Attcmey and Counselor at Law.
Cpfn E>«nlnc* 7 tu 9. Phon«: Jewie 4TH.
Off ce» en FirM Floor — Rooms 1. 2. 3. 4 and 8.
IS2S Market St.. Between Mason aud Taylor.
Aimctt Oppcslte "Hale's" Dry Goods Store.
THE LEGAL ADVISORY. Inc.
Practice in Federal and all State Courts.
Attachments, divorce, ruining, bankruptcy,
rrc*ecutlons. adjustments, corporations, pat-
»r.tr. estates, probate. #
Experienced ard Reliable Attorneys Engaged.
Advice guaranteed Correspondence solicited.
t:i MIA. SUB Crcssley Bldg. Tel. John 2-J2O.
N. E. Ccr. New Montgomery and Mission Sts.
J'.OBT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid.,
room «ili; all cases, demajres. estates, wills.
«:tact.ments. collections, etc.; consultation
:ree; no advance charses; ca'.l or write;
.venires by appointment. Tel. Aed 3G01.
aJ'VICE fr«- — 1 will advance cost in merttorl-
cti ca*e«. <:vcrre5. anfi all other law
r*M~f; no fe*-* in advance; open every even-
•:c J. M. THURSTON. S13 Market St.. r. 3L
STARXER TEMPLE. H Chronicle bui'.dlng;
liankrui'try. accidents, protiate and matri-
monial cases; labor Hens.
A. M. EWING — Attorney-at-law. Rcom fcl2,
Parrott bldg.; r-hone South CTw.
DIVORCE— Costs. J12: quick, quiet; open even-
'.r.ft. QC7 Market *t.. room :>01.
1_. E. CLAKK. Emma ppreckel- bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket «t.; cori^fcltation *re«; no fees In advance.
AITKEN & AITKEN. attorneys, rs. 303-10-11.
¦~!ur:c Uig.. r>at California st.; tel. Main 727.
APVICE free; no chargs unless successful; all
ln» t'ifin«r» W. W. D»vid!"-H. f>27 Market.
lll'SIMISS CIIAXCES.
FOR rale — Furniture, carpets and good will of
a nor.' brick apartment-house of 175 rooms.
In the city's fwellest locality; partly fur-
rish'd, and ttlthnugh Jut.t opened 1? over half
ri!le«i trl'h rf-frular tenants already; long
lease; if you want an apartment-house don t
iail to ctt particulars of this at rooms 140*
and J4f.5. Call builrtlnr.
FOR eale — An old and well established grocery
and feed business, on one of the best corners
in Oakland, with stock, fixtures, large lot and
improvements, consisting of two stores,
dw-ellincs. stable, windmill, tank and abund-
ant supply of water. For further particulars
pj>ply to P. J. KENNEDY, 11 Montgomery
«t . Han Francisco.
RARE chance — D. bakery, delicacy and light
groceries; locattd on busiest street in the
MlM-ion; 2 furnished roome; neat and clean:
l>ure air and sunshine; average *aleg $15 per
«.ny: rent *15 n*r month: good fixtures and
*took: all for f.T50: investigate this; no
agents. Hox .775, Call.
WANTED — To buy a stationery, notion or
light dry goods store or bazaar; not over
tUOO; state average recHpts per day; city
.r Oakland. Hox 2011. Call.
PRINTING of noe for sale; established patron-
ase: cheap rent: ben ohance for the money
in city. H<jx 2C1G, Call.
FOB aal" — Kestaurant, $2OO: good location;
mum leave account of health. 1009 Powell.
$1000 CASH, balance same as rent for grocery
and bar: less than stock and fixtures; run-
ning » years: with 2-story cottage. 0 rooms
and bath; let 25x100; 21et and Douglass cti.
CttViNG to continued Ill-health xrtll sell beet
¦"».I»ayJnit Email coIT<h; house eouth of Market
»t.: no aer-Tits. 1K5 Fourth rt.
FKt'IT store; 2 horse*: 2 wagons; must be
i»old; feickness. Call 1545 Geary st.
f "°.£-- K " 1 ?7^ JrBnrn bak * r y: Fpod location; price
*!..¦¦ K.-t)', Hyde, opp. power-house.
LODGISC-UOl'SES FOR SALE.
209 ROOMS; house for men; rent $140... $4000
fs rooms; eouth of Market; rvnt $'.00. 2000
24 looms; corner: r-srt cash; bal. easy. 850
!1 looms; pood Income; rent $20 ;;r,o
21 rooms; water front; rent $40; lcnae. O.'iO
120 rooms; rood lca«c: low rent C500
C7 rrns.; apartmcnr«;Vl>stern Ad<J.;rent 250
Money loarr-d ct 1 rx-r cent.
Hotel*, rosdhr-urcs. fiats. 5 to 100 rooms
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny rt!
1" ROOMS; McAllister St.; complete as apart-
¦nefit-bouse; r*rpets and furniture good; rent
KS7 BO; bargain this week, $."i00. Grocery
7'X) McAI»ft«T rt.
SPIRITUALISM.
ri'.OF. Fred P. Evans, cotetl psychic fcr slate-
. writing arid clairvoyance; stamp for circular.
1112 fedy tt.. nr. Octavla; phone Scott SST
Mme, Vounc's ccnvin-.inc test circle to-night.
10c; private re.-»dints Tue«., Wed., Thure
10 to 4. CIO McAllirtcr. Come, skeptics.
MRS. H Alt LAND. 14S Sixth — Circles even-
!nns extern Monday. lCc; readings. 00c, $L
V.'. G. KEHGAN holds tort rcanccs every night
oscrpt Sat.. l(>c; fit.; 10 to &. 14S Sixth at.
EIVWARD EAP.LE, I0TC Kill*, rrndinc* dally.
f -.30 to 4: trances Sunday and ThuraJay.
CLAIUVOVAVTS.
A— MME. PORTER, rdenttflc clairvoyant and
card reader, Siorn with a double veil and sec-
ond tight; tel!* the past, present and future;
ladice. 53c; gents. $1; by card*, palmistry
¦ t!<J clairvoyant rlttlng; $1 00. 120 Turk st.
MIES Z5MDAR. young gifted olafr. and palm.:
ha3 fcoconJ FlulU; ¦ wonderful prophetess;
B&xnrc; I.. f>Oc; G. tl. 714 Franklln.nr.G.G.av.
HELP 'WANTED— MALE— Contlnned. i
A— MURRAY & READY, G34 and t3B Clay st.
PHONE MAIN 5S48>
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
1902 WE GAVE 1903 WE 1^ GIVE-
46.000 MEN WORK 60.000 MEN WORK.
ARIZONA. ,- . OREGON.
NEVADA.
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe systems; free
pass
ON EVERY TRAIN.
SECTION HANDS. MUCKERS. DRILLERS.
Extra Gangs. Teamsters. Hammersmen.
•MINES, TUNNELS. QUARRIES.
Miners, all over State, $90 and J82 50.
STABLES. FARMS, ORCHARDS, DAIRIES.
Farm and orchard hands, $30, $35, $40 fd.
Milkers. $30 to $30 and found.
Choremen, coachmen, $30 to $40 and found.
Stablemen, city, country Jobs. $30 to $60.
S A WM ILLS WOODS.
Laborers, no experience wanted, $45 to $70
and found.
365 WOODCHOPPERS.
2S7 TIEMAKER3.
All classes of experienced men for woods,
mills, etc.. from $50, $60. $70, $80. $90, $100,
$125 to $150 month. «
COOKS. WAITERS. PORTERS.
Cooks, hotels, restaurants, camps, mines and
ranches, city and country, $30 to $70 found.
Walters, city and country, $25 to $40 found.
Butchers, different Jobs. $40 to $90 found.
'¦ •> ¦¦¦¦-; MECHANICAL.
2 coopers, factory, 20o fare, $3 25 a day.
Located everywhere.
Laborers and teamsters; many In San Fran-
cisco; $2, $2 25.
PLACER COUNTY.
16 laborers, flume, work with carpenter,
$67 50.
16 carpenters, flume work fare $3. $79,
SANTA BARBARA TO-DAY.
26 laborers, you'll suit, $45 found.
ARIZONA
003 MILES. PRESCOTT— MIDDLETOWN.
ARIZONA. TO-DAY $1 60 FEE
6 slack coopers, 9c; 5 cabinet makers.
TO FRESNO TO-DAY.
15 laborers, lumber company, $40 to $55 fd,
2 shlnglers. straight work. 70c M.
OREGON.
COAL MINERS— OREGON— FREE FARE.
05 coal miners. Oregon. $3 to $5 a day.
2 shlnglers. Monterey County, 60c M.
Butcher, shop, south. $47 60 and found.
5 boys, learn trades, $5. $6 and $7 a week.
2 carpenters, fare 30c, $3 50 day.
2 carpenters' helpers, fare 30c. $2 50 day.
STEWARD. $75 AND COMMISSION.
For first-class grill and restaurant.
DIAMOND $75 4-horee teamsters.
MATCH $75 . You'll suit. !
COMPANY $75 Go to-day. I
COST YOU $1 THAT'S ALL. j
MURRAY & READY. C34-63U Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S EMP.- OFFICE.
429 Bush st 642 Clay st.
FOR SALT LAKE TRESTLE WORK.
10 carpenters with tools $3 50
Beard $4 50 Week — Freo Fare.
500 laborers,, Nevada .$2
Board $4 50 Week — Free Fare.
FOR CHICO. BUTTE COUNTY. CAL.
15 /teamsters. 2-horse teamsters $2 25
Rajte fare, $2 80 Ship Dally.
2 Burlelgh drill sharpeners, country, $3 and
board.
20 rough carpenters, El Dorado County, $2 50,
see boss here.
5 lumber piler:. country, $30 and board.
20 laborers ditch work, near city, $2 a day.
10 laborers, country work, near city, $2 day.
• Cooper, city, $50 to $55; 4 coopers, slack
work, 9c barrel; butter-maker, $00; 3 German
woodchoppers, $1 50-$l 75 a cord; man about
place, $25 to $.".0. see party here; stableman.
Institution, see boss here 11 o'clock, $25.
Electrician to run ice machine, 60 and board.
6 second cooks, city. $50 to $80; 2 cooks,
country hotels. $10; 3 pantry men, city, $35
and $25; 2 waiters for help's department for
spring hotel, open year round, $25 and found;
vegetable man, country hotel, $30 and free ;
fare; 2 extra dishwashers, country, $1 a day
and fare both ways; waiters, bellboys, dish
and pot washers, kitchen hands and others.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S EMP. OFFICE.
429 Bush st 642 Clay st.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
50 Third St., n*ar Call bldg. : phone Bush 405.
FREE FARE.
NEVADA NEVADA.
Reno, Oolconda and Ryndon.
100 laborers, $2 a day; S. P. R. R. Co.'s own
work.
FREE FARE.
SALT LAKE TRESTLE.
10 carpenters, $3 50 day.
Board. $4 CO a week; bring tools.
S. P. R. R. FREE FARE.
SHIP TO-DAY.
OREGON COAL MINES.
FARE ADVANCED.
8 coal miners, ti-foot vein; $1 a ton; ship
to-day.
4 laborers, city, 9 hours, $2 25.
4 men for rock quarry. $2 25 a day. -
CHICO. BUTTE CO.
Half rate fare, *2 80.
12 teamsters. $2 50 a day.
10 laborers. $225 a day.
Ship to-day: fee $1.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 59 Third st.
AT S. F. EMPLOYMENT BUREAU.
17 Fourth st.
Laborers, city, board home, $2 25 per day.
We ship free fare to Reno, Golconda and to I
all points In Nevada and Utah. ¦
Laborers and rockmen, city, $2 25 and $2 50 I
day; man and wife for boarding-house, city,
kitchen and dining- room work: carpenter,
city, 3 months' work, . $3 25 day; 2-horse
teamster, country, S30 and found.
S. F. EMPLOYMENT BUREAU.
Phone Grant 26.
ANDRE'S offlce. 317 Stockton st. — Gardener,
$50; gardener for nursery. $25; choreman
for nursery, $20; butler, $40; porter, family
hotel, $20; French bed maker, $30; young
man to learn waiting. $30; omnibus, $30 etc.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
Bartender, §75, board and room.
WANTED — Chief cock, third cook, steward and
coal trimmer, S. S. Uarda, sailing for Ham-
burg Oct. 20. Apply Immediately on board,
Union-street Wharf No. 2.
WANTED — Boy of good character; age about
16. Apply In own handwriting. A. SCHIL-
LING & CO., Second and Folsom sts.
FIRST-CLASS showcas; maker; also cabinet
maker: only those thoroushly understanding
the trade need apply. 1158 Mission st.
i NEAT, bright errand boys wanted. Apply su-
perintendent's offlce. Emporium.
WANTED — Young men as wrappers. Apply
superintendent's offlce. Emporium.
BARBERS— For sale, good-paying 2-chaIr
shop. For Information call at 1547 Mission
st., after C p. m.
BARBERS— Whole or half Interest for sale;
very reasonable. 8 City Hall square.
BARBER shop for sale; short hours. 127 Clay
st ree t. ; -
YOUNG man to wash silver and do light por-
ter work. 20G McAllister st.
FI RST-CLASS waiter. 29 Stockton ft.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, ' at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mall chnr*. 11 3d St., Exam. bid.
SHOEMAKER wanted immediately. T.
HINES. 1S07 Halght at.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 50. or
' orthopedic nhoes. $3 50; best shoes on earth. 11
Third st.. Exam, bldg., 5 doors from Market,
WANTED — Young man. 15 to IS. as clerk In
hardware store; must sseak Italian; refer-
ences. 1224 Dupont at.
STEADY German: refs.: tend bar, make him-
self .useful; wine house. 15 City Hall square.
MAN to learn the barber trade; first-class In-
structions guaranteed. 611 Commercial st.
ERRAND boy wanted. 502 Pcwt st.
WANTED — For U. " S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied unmarried men. between 21 and 35;
good character; must ppeak. read and write
English: marines servo at sea on men-of-
war In all parts of the world, on land In our
Island possessions, and at naval stations In
the United States. Apply at recruiting of-
fice. 40 Ellis st., San Francisco, Cal., and
401 K *t.. Sacramento, Cal.
FOR sale — Barber shop, 3 chairs; In lively
country town: price $100. WILL A FINCK.
barber supply department, 21 O'Farrell st.
WANTED — Rough carpenters and laborers.
Apply room 14. 20 Montgomery tV, San
Francisco Construction Company. /
PENSION ATTY. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis at.; 14
years* practice; refererces from thousands of
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
BARBERS — 5-chair shop In heart of city for
- sale: owner going to Europe. Call DECK-
ELMAN BROS.. 100 Ellis st.
BUSHELMAN and coutmakers for country.
Apply REISS BROS. & CO., 24 Sutter at.
BARBER CTlp and full set of tools. Apply
: 919 Caso »t.
BARBER trade taught in 5 weeks.' Address
-W. C. B.,-647 Comm?rcial st.
BARBERS — Partner wanted; chance for young
man; about $75. Apply Call office.,
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
soled when you can get it done for 25c. 50c
and 6Oc. while you wait at: 503 Mission St..
bet. let and Zd sts., or 11 ThlrcHst.?
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. . Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired;* special offer th<s month ; catalogue
and full Information mailed free. MOLER
SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay at.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed.
S. F. Barber School, 741 A Howard at.
| HELP "WANTED — MALE-— Con tinned.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
020 SACRAMENTO ST.— 520.
Phone Main 1101. Cor. Leldesdorft st.
BUTTE CO.— CHICO— CHEAP FARE.
FEE $1— SHIP TO-NIGHT— $1— FEE— $1.
1C0 teamsters laborers, rockmen, tunnelmcn,
$2 25 to $2 75 day.
WILLITS— UKIAH ROUTE— FREE FARE.
OREGON— COAL MINERS— FREE FARE.
10 handy men with tools, ?2 30 day— NEAV
CAMP; 20 laborers, near city, free fare, all
winter's Job. inside work. $C0.
NEW BOX FACTORY— TRUCKEE DIST.
ALL WINTER'S JOB — Full mill crew; S0O
men for woods, yards and mills.
PRIVATE R. R., NEAR CITY— 5 laborers,
SCO.
MINES. TUNNELS. ETC.
5 miners. 8 hours. t'M; 5 muckers. It's north.
$75; 10 laborers, large mine, south, part faro
paid, $2 day; 3 miners,, south. $75; 3 muck-
ers, $67 6O; 5 tucnelmen. $75: 300 men. chop
wood, cut ties, shnsle and stave bolts, all
over; also HUMBOLDT COUNTY.
6 farmers $30 found; stableman, city, $30
found; dishwasher, city. $« week found:
blacksmith, shop, near city, $50 found; cooks,
waiters and dishwashers. Call and set a
list of Jobs.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
520 Sacramento st.
OPERATORS wanted at once on cloaks at M.
SIMINOFF'S. 122S Market st.
BOY 10 >ears; good opportunity: steady posl-
tlon. Carson Glove Co.. 123 Second st.
McDONALD & PERRY have a large stock of
new and second-hand shoes: cheap. 239 3d st.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. room 40, Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post G.Alt.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 20 Steuart st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 7C0 rooms. 35c night; readlnc rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from terry.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 5G3 Mission st.. bet. 1st nnd 2.1 sts.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 25c
to 5(V. r.('..t Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sta.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
HARNESS and saddles, the best for the money,
M JEPSEN BROS. CO.. inc.. the big store,
1145-1147 Market st., San Francisco.
A FINE new rubber-tired Victoria for sale,
cheap; the latest style. 1501 Folsr.m r.t.
BIG auction every Tuesday, 11 a. m. ; horee«,
harness, wagons, buggies. 1140 Folsom st.
FOR sale — A young horse, to make room; $30.
3372 Mission at. _
HAY wagon with sideboard; big lumber wagon.
910 Capp st.
DOCTOR'S coupe for sale cheap. 1000 Geary
street.
MUST be sold at a sacrifice; 5 gced horses. 327
Sixth st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camplne wagon
and gorart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
Largest assortmt 2-hand wagons, buckb'd, sur-
rey. harness. work.drlvlng horses. 15th- Valencia
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; 9«nd for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department: it will cave you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-258 Geary
st., on the square.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN A HOWELL. 25 Post st.
SUNNY house; 8 rooms; $40. 816 McAllister
street.
HOUSE AND DARN TO LET.
8-ROOM house; 10-staIl barn and bay loft:
near Twenty-fourth and Castro sts. Apply
617 Clipper st.
ho~i7ses~t6~let— fi^nTsheel
BAKER. 1815 — Furnished house. 6 rooms, bath.
Inquire 3 to 6 p. m.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — Between Trocadero and Cliff House, one
lady's gold watch; monogram M. D. one
side Email diamond on the other; $30 re-
ward. Return A. E. SATHER, care Mur-
phy. Grant A Co.. Bush and Sansome sta.
LOST — Lady's gold watch; monogram "C. M.
P.": liberal reward. Superintendent's offlce.
Hale Bros. >
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter »t.. needs old
pold md Mlvcr to make new watch cases.
SIEDICAL.
fcAN FRANCISCO'S EMINENT PHYSICIAN.
DOCTOR WHITE
TREATS WOMEN ONLY.
702 MARKET ST.. room 7. Phone Red 3321.
Every facility for the BEST treatment of
all diseases and disorders of women. Elegant
sanatorium. Select patients. Strictly confi-
dential. Fees within the reach of alL
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pll'.a
sild. price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's
syringe and tablets; pr'ce *2 50. By express j
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggists. Seventh and
Broadway, Oakland. !
MRS DR. WTETH, specialist for all female
complaints: instant relief guaranteed; 30
. years' experience; removed to S26 Post st.
MRS DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008% Market st.< opp. 6th,
DR G W. O'DONNELL— AH who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped; the most difficult cases treat-
ed; advice free. Offlce. 1018 Market st,
Drs Goodwin, 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
In obstetrics, female complaints; Inst. relief;
treatment $10; hours, 10 to 5: 25 yrs. exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and f'urlng
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market ts.
DR. ROSEN, moved to 2905 Folsom st.. corner
26th; relief $10; ladies' exclusive office*
DR. NG TOY KEE. 31ft Powell et.. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MILLINERY.
LADIES — 200 stylish hats to select from; lease
sold, must vacate February 1, 1904; sava
money by calling on MME. DOSCH. 207 Post.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR 9ALK.
BOILERS engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH A WOLPMAN. 105-197 Fremont at.
FOR sale — 1 small steam beater, 1 compressor,
1 25-horsepower gas engine. 1 10-borsepower !
gas engine. 1 8-horsepower boiler. For prices !
and information regarding a*>ove and Inspec-
tion of tame call at WHITTIER-COBURN
CO., 20 Fremont st., San Francisco.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? "
Repair it with elaterite; in rolls easy to lay;
needs no patntlng or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingle*: best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps, |
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers. >
H. S. WHITE M'CH'Y CO.. 130-132 Beale at.
A— Fine su.ts. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 23S Kearny st.. '
near Bush; open to 9 p. m. Sunday to r.ooa.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop- j
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near ,
Pine: open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe shafting pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear it.
FOR SALE— Stockton Incubator and a brooder;
nearly new. 1001 Fifty-fifth st.. Oakland,
near Golden Gate.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50: we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.; catalog, free.
TWENTY Durham heifers In calf: must be
sold: make offer. SAM AFTERQUT. Mission
road, near 7-Mile House, county line.
FOR sale — Heavy horse and delivery wagon.
Corner School and Capp sts.. Fruitvale.
j LAltGEST runts and ether pigeons; trained
i Irish setter. 2141 Linden st., Oakland.
Al ENGINE. 1Cx36; slide valve; about 175 HP.;
good as new; bargain. P. O. box 20S0.
A VERY fine diamond over 3 karats, for $335
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
CHOICE carrier pijeons: record birds; left of
20 birds at a sacrifice. Box 4442. Call offlce.
3. « AND 10 hp. gasoline engines; 2d-hand; al!
sizes, new. E. B. BUCK & CO.. 122 Market.
NEW and second hand machinery of all kind*.
KROGH MNFG CO:. S13 Market st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN 8AFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard A Breck. 131 Post st.
MILES of pipe and fittings; all slzea. EU-
GENE RILEY A SONS. 108 Vallejo at.
MOVING picture film and sons slides. 100
Montgomery at.
8 AFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO., 122 Market it.
j EMPLOYMENT WANTED — -FEMALE.^
I YOUNG weman wishes position as companion
1 to old lady; good sewer. Address MISS M.,
I C15 Larkin at. ¦ •
! A GERMAN cirl wishes a situation to do
cocking, housework or upstairs work. Call
j at 227 '.a Hayes St.
WOMAN with a child 5 years old wculd like
pla-.e as housekeeper. MRS. C. 117 Milton st.
WANTED — Ey a Ia4y, mendinc or darning
home; will go out by day. Box 4453, Call.
A GOOD Norwegian girl, general housework;
wages $20 or $25. 402 t Hampshlre Et. .
FIRST-CLASS German cook wants position by
the day. Box 2C13. Call office. '
FINLAND girl, experienced cook, wishes
pli.ee; wages $33. 215 Clara st.
| AMERICAN woman wishes housekeeper's po-
Eltion or work on ranch; neat and reliable.
Address Housekeeper, 2S0 Turk St.
FIRST-CLASS fitter on tailor and evening
gowns wants engagement, $1 50 per day.
928 Post st.; phone Hyde 3452.
A POSITION as Kood Invalid's nurse or to
[ • take care of children. Apply 710 Harrison.
j English young lady desires engagement from
1 November 1 as nurse to young children; Is
I expert on children's clothing, fancy work and
the training of children. Box 34US, Call.
CAPABLE young woman; can sow well; wants
i to care for trr. Invalid; bent references. Box
47S7, Call office.
] CAPABLE young woman; can sew well; wants
to care for child; best references. Box 47i>2.
fall office.
• ENGAGEMENTS by the day at homes treat-
: Ing hair and scalp by reliable treatment; no
triflers. MRS. E HIGBEE. 135G Pacific st.
j ELDERLY lady wishes position to care fcr
el.ild, or do plain tewing In family. Apply
; O::.". Sacramento tt.
I BY a younz lady In business offlce: sten-
i ographer and has knowledge of bookkeeping.
Box 44C5. Call.
' GOOD stenographer of experience and ability
desires position; salary .«G0. Box 4783, Call.
I WANT ads and !UbscrlDt!on« taken for Tne
I Call at Katon'g Haznar. *¦".:: McAllister «t.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
j Ep.sttrn man. with "'> years' experience, like to
: have position as superintendent or foreman
; for contractor and builder, on In or outside
work: good draughtsman and Usurer on plans
i of any description. Box 2014. Cali.
RELIABLE eiderly man wants work; under-
stands care of horse, cow. garden and chick-
en?: re!trences. Address Reliable, box Slffiil;
I fall office.
! AS bartemler; easy place; town or country prc-
feireil: by respectable middle-aged single
man with references. 0h9 Howard St.
[ DRUGGIST and M. D. (registered) desires sit-
uation; San Jose preferred. Box 2015, Call.
I AMBITIOUS married man. sober, reliable, age
j .10. good address and appearance, wants work
I of any kind; fair salary; city or country.
• j Box 4799, Call office.
I FIRST-CLASS bartender and grocery clerk, Al
| mixer, speaks German and English, desires
position; Iirst-clas3 references. Box 470«>,
Call office.
I PAINTER with tools, day or Job work; reason-
able. Ad-Jress Painter? 1210 Mlbsicn Et.
! Y*>T'NG man would like to drive a wagon. Ad-
| ,«.rpss box 2612. Call.
' BRIGHT, ambitious young man, clean-cut,
r.e&t apptarance, good address, wishes con-
nection ••vlth responsible house In sales de-
1 artmrnt; no books or Insurance. Box 4792,
'Jail office.
j YOUNG man, neat appearing, seeks a posl-
| tlon as bookkeeper, or assistant, or - col-
lector; stenographer; speaks, reads and
writes the German language; best of refer-
ences. Box 720, Call offlce.
SITUATION private place, city or country, by
competent young man. 2(! (Dane): capable
1 taking care of horses and garden; also a
flrtt-class driver; references. Box 2C07. Call.
STEWARD for club or gents In chambers, priv-
ilege cooking, speaks and corresponds Ger-
man and French, sober, age 30; disengaged
Nov. C. F. C. R.. Box 713. Call.
AN experienced bookkeeper can spare 2 hours
daliy to take charge of books of small busi-
ness house. Address box 4703, Call.
YOUNG man wants position on ranch or hand-
ling stock; can nil position as foreman; $40
and board required. Box 4776, Call.
! SOBER and Industrious young man would like
, position. Box 477S. Call.
. A JAPANESE youns man wants to do some
kind of work before S a. m. In return for
email room; vicinity of 1911 Flllmore st.
i JAPANESE boy wants a position to wait at
table and second work; have good experience.
Box 2C19. Call.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. If. pages, sent to n-iy address (n tho j
United States or Canada onn year for $1.
: FINANCIAL.
• 4 PER CENT to 6 PER CENT HIGH GRADE
Municipal, School, Railroad and Corporation
Bonds,
Bank and Trust Company Stocks,
Selected for conservative Investors. .
Write for information to
HEAZELTON A CO..
' Stock and Bond Brokers, r
' Hayward Building,
¦ m . San Francisco, Cal.
FLATS TO LET.
i -~~ ¦ : .• ,"
r A— HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense Hit;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
1 this department- It will gave you time and
trouble. Cordcs Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
et.. on the square.
' I ft* : % r " mm
: I .
S NEW modern up-to-date 7-room upper flat; 733
Fulton st.; rent $35; near Buchanan at. Ap-
ply MADISON & BURKE. J.
" GOUGH, 2510, near Vallejo — Sunny lower flat of
• 6 rooms and bath: runt reduced to $20. VON
1 RHEIN R. E. CO.. C13 California st.
• HAYES, 1423, near Park Panhandle — 0 rooms,
bath, large closet, yard, basement: accom-
1 modate 4 to 6 adults; desirable. Call 2 to 5.
• 523 — NICE flat, 5 rooms; all conveniences;
» open plumbing, tiling, tinting, garden. SSS
'• Lombard Bt^ . -
- BUSH, 1C51. near Franklin — 7 sunny rooms;
•• upper flat; $37 50; yard, etc.: rear entrance.
ELLIS, 810, nr. Polk— For business purposes; 3
rms.; all conveniences; electric light, power.
I PIERCE and McAllister sts.. NK corner— 9
rooms; new: rent $57 50.
» WASHINGTON, cor. Lyon; new flats: 7 and
U rooms, separate entrances; rents $45 & $55.'
f 2 MODERN flats, 6 and 7 rooms and large
basements. 1010 Bush, near Van Ness; cheap.
FLATS FOR SALS FURNISHED.
A NEWLY fur. flat for sale; 18 large sunny
rooms, well arranged for renting. 82a and 825
Polk st. Apply to H. S. RANSON.057 Market.
NO reasonable offer refused: furniture of 8-
room flat; boarders. 1031 McAIllw'.er st.
FURNITURE WAKTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462,
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HIGHEST price for furniture and mdse. L. H.
BURP, auctloneer.181;? Mkt.;tel. Howard 275«.
HELP WASTED FEMALE.
WANTED— Cook for Menlo Park. '$30; San
Lcandro, $30; 2 cooks. $36, city and country;
4 German cooks, $30; housework, $30; par-
lor maid. $30; 5 second girls, $20, $25; nurse-
girl, $25; maid and seamstress, $25; cook
for 8 men. $25; housework. Modesto, $25:
nurse for sanitarium, $35; chambermaid and
• waiting, $20. $25; laundress for home, $25;
dormitory girl. $20; waitress, hospital, $20;
nursegirl, Benlcla, $25: kitchen helper, insti-
tution, $25; 50 houseglrls, city and country,
good wages, good places. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT A CO.. 334 Sutter st.
WANTED — Protestant cook, no wash, for nice
place in country. 4 in family. $35 and fare
paid; young woman as cook, plain wash, 3 In
, family. In city, $30. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
334 Sutter st.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught from start to finish in 1
month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladles, etc., guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn halrdresslng,
manicuring, etc.: trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill immediately: positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school In
West. 233 Geary St.. room 13.
A — LADIES to Isarn all branches halrdresslng
trade; manicuring, massage, etc.. 123G Mar-
ket st.. cor. Jones, room 04; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
FINISHERS and sewers on cloaks and suits;
high wages. RATNER, 144 Union square
ave.. odp. Union Square. Park.
WANTED — Experienced salesladies for cloak
and suit department; good wages. -Address
S. K. & CO.. box 4449, Call office.
A GOOD operator on vests; a steady position.
Apply n. THOMAS. Foreman S. N. Wood
Factory. 27 Geary tt._
A LADY of Indomitable energy to make money
ar.d a convincing lalker. F. PERSON, 477
and 47S Parrott building.
TAILORESS on coats; good pay; steady work:
highest wages paid. McBAGGART, 3'JSO
Eighteenth St., corner Noe.
GIRL to work In a candy factory, wrapping,
packing, etc. BLUM'S Confectioner}', cor.
Polk and Sutter sts. j
WANTED — A girl for cooking. and some house- j
work: wages $30. Apply to-morrow at 2112
Vallejo st.
EXPERIENCED dressmakers wanted for alter-
ation department. Apply I. MAGNIN & CO.,
43-53 Ellis st.
FINISHERS on custom coats. 500 Kearny st.,
room 4. , '.
GIRL to assist In light housework; 4 adults;
wages $15; sleep home. Apply 2160 Stelner.
WANTED — Girl to assist with care of baby In
country; wages $8. Box 4451, Call offlce.
OPERATORS and finishers on white shirts.
RQGERSO.VS. 535 Valencia st.
WANTED— Girl for second work and waiting.
1307 Hyde ft
MENDERS, hand sewers and crocheters. . Ap-
ply J. J. PFISTER KNITTING CO.. 412 Po.k.
PRESSFEEDER and compositor. ALEX
BOND, printer, 632 Market st.
YOUNG lady stenographer and bookkeeper:
references. Box 2C20. Call office.
WANTED — Girl to assist In light housework:
wages $15. 1014 Jackaon st.
TALENTED, amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes is p.m. Wednesday; salary no object.
WANTED— Girl for general housework In a
small flat. 756 Clayton St., near Waller.
YOUNG girl to assist In housework In family
of 2 and baby. 1750 Ellis st.
A GIRL to assist In general housework. 12S2
Page Et.
GIRL, general housework, $12 a month; easy
place; call afternoon. 235 Minna st.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY;
TAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS A CO.'S
FACTORIES 32% FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH. / '
WHOLESOME, intelligent ?ady over 25 of
good character and standing for high-grade
position. Box 2605. Call offlce.
WANTED — Respectable, reliable saleslady for
fine bakery: must have sufficient experience
.In same; good salary. Box 708, Call office.
GLOVEMAKERS— Experienced banders and
binders.; also apprentices; wages. CARSON
GLOVE CO.. 123 Second st. .
CIGARETTE makers wanted; steady worlc and
good wages. The JOHN BOLLMAN CO..
corner Front and Pacific st>.
GIRLS about 15 for factory work; good wages.
Apply at once. AMES A HARRIS. 100 Sac-
ramento st.
2 LADIES of good address to represent a high-
grade magazine. 69 Columbian bldg.. city.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished.' Miss
M. Q. Barrett. Instructor. 302 Montgomery.
HELP W ANTED — MALE.
CAN washer, $40 to $C0: 10 woodchoppers, for
mining company. $1 CO cord and fare paid;
first engineer for hoisting works. $3 a day;
electrician, $G0 and board: plain carpenters.
82 50 and $3 a day: Jobbing carpenter: young
man for factory. W n week: man about place.
525; 2 young men for hunting club. $25 and
found; ranch teamster. $35 and fare refunded:
2 blacksmiths, $2 75 a day and $1 50 to $2
t and board; married vlneyardl*t on shares;
married man to care for place; laborers. $2
I a day, and cooks, waiters, butlers and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED — A dishwasher: one that can cook
short orders. Call between 12 and 2. J. W.
AVILLIAMS, 9 Fourth 8t.
A MAN of Indomitable energy and push, a good
talker, eager to make money. F. PERSON.
477 and 48S Parrott building. )
SOLICITOR wanted: good pay. Apply 610 Sac-
ramento st., Snn Francisco. v
GOOD sheet-Iron workers and experienced help-
ers. TAYLOR & PRITCHARD. 14 Market.
j A GOOD dishwasher. 1507 Market St., near
Eleventh. ¦ ' .'
WAITER and - dishwashers at \ New Golden
Gate Hotel. 164 Fourth st.
WANTED— A bootblack In barber ehOD. 208
Larkln st.
Tho people who have lots of means
And hire of help the best.
To get that help come to The Call—
We speak the truth, not jest.
For they have found by years of trial
Good workers are thus had, .
And It Is always worth their while
To trust a Call Want Ad.
•^^-^"^Newspaper Han Kills Himself.
CHICAGO, Oct. 19.— H. S. Canfleld.
writer and newspaper man, committed
suicide last night by cutting: his throat
with a razor while temporarily Insane. '
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
lot on S line of I street. 57:6 E of Forty-eighth
avenue. E 25 by S 100; $10.
Geraud P. and Mary Mouille to Samuel M.
Samter lots 130. 206 and 208, Holiday map A;
$10. ' . .
San Francisco and Fresno Land Company to
H. M. A. Miller, lot on NW corner of Serpent
ine , avenue and York street, S to Serpentine,
W to Alabama N to Serpentine. E to York,
telng a portion of Serpentine avenue and being
that portion of Serpentine avenue between W
line of York street and E line of Alabama, Pre
cita Valley Lands; $10.
Antoine and Oracle Borel to Christine John
son, lot on W line of Lisbon street. 175 S of
Brazil. S 25 by W 100. block 29. Excelsior
Homestead; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Esther M. Wilson (owner) with Bryan Ele
vator Company (contractors), architects Cun
ningham & Politeo, elevator and dumb waiter
work for a four-story and basement frame
building on the SW corner of Pacific avenue
and Broderlck street, W 75 by S 100; total,
$5000.
Michael and Delia Kelly (owners). with G. J.
Doerlns (contractor), architect , all work
for a one-story and attic frame building on W
line of Noe street, 115 S of Nineteenth; total,
$2400.
Henry Schorn stheim er (owner) with Gilbert
Findlay (contractor and architect)— All work
for alterations and additions to a two-story
frame buildings (flats) at 3- Walker street;
$2402.
Amelia M. Hurnell (owner) with Building
Construction Company (contractor) and archi
tect) — Ail work except grading, sewer, gas and
water, .shades and mantels for a two-story and
basement frame building on N line of Vallejo
street. 177:6 W of Steiner. W SO by N 137:6;
$5000.
Alameda County.
Ella and H. C. Hleatf (husband) to L. G.
Burpee, lot on B line- of Adeline street. 100 S
of Thirty-fourth. S 220. E 127. S 180. W 18. S
100. E 145. etc., N 450. W 127. N 50. W 127,
block 676. Oakland: $10. \
i John B. and Archibald Johnson (both sin
gle) to George H. Crawford, undivided % In
terest In lot on SW corner of Second and Alice
streets. W* 75 by 8 200, lots 15 to 22. block
10. Kellersberger's map. Oakland; $10.
Jose C. Fraga to Mary Fraga. lot on E line
of Cedar street. 75:4% S of Short, S 25 by E
80:7'4. Oakland; $10.
Hlbernta Savings and Loan Society to Le
moine C Gowell, lot on N line of Knox avenue
or Twenty-seventh street. 213.81 E of Grove.
B 5.00, N 102. W 5, etc., S 101.38, portion lot
31 Knox Park. Oakland; $152.
Harlow P. Bancroft to George Oliver, lot
8. block S. map Alpine Tract, deed and agree
ment. Oakland; $10.
Same to David U. Stanage^ lots 24 and 25.
block S. sam • map. deed and agreement. Oak
land; $10.
Mary Mugge to E. W. Gordon, lot on B lino
of Taylor street. 150 — from W corner of
block 68, thence E 110 by S 30. block 68. Clin
ton. East Oakland; $10. __r_"t .
Charles A and Alice C. Bailey (wife) to
Romolo Gbloreo 1 lot on S line of Allston way,
148 W of Fourth street. W 23 by 8 100, por
tion lot 2 block 113, Tract B, Berkeley Land
and Town Improvement Association. Berkeley;
C B. and Effle Crane (wife) to B. B. Splt
ler ' lot on SW corfl— -«f Grove- and Addiaon
streets. W 87.25 by S 60. block 1. McGee
Tract. Berkeley; $10.
William and Ann Prichard (wife) to Henry
W. Deming and Ruth U Willis, lot on SW cor
ner Wilder and Mabel etreets. W 127.58, S 50,
E to W Mabel, N to beginning, lot 18 portion
19 block O. Carrison Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Robert C. Mary Jeannette. G. A., Emma
Helen. L. R, or Leonard R.. Enid A. Rosen
berg and Mary J.' Rosenberg to Rosenberg Es
tate Company (corporation), lot on W line of
Benton street (St. Johns) 140 8 of Santa Clara
avenue (Jefferson), since widened. S 110 by W
150, lots 15 to 18 and portion 10. block 21.
Mary A. Fitch; also lot beginning on E line
of Benton street (St. Johns), 60 S of Santa
Clara avenue, etc.. 8 140. E 150. N 140. W 150,
lots 53 to 66 and. portion lots 1 to 6, block 22,
same. map, and property out of county, Ala
meda; $10. ¦
Edward Mandonnet (single to Charles and
Louisa Garcia, lot on S line of Thirty-ninth
street, 60 W of Telegraph avenue, W 60, S
122:6, E to W line lot 3, — 125 to beginning,
lot 4, block 2. 71 Evoy Tract. Oakland; $220«>.
Hermann and Alma P. Kower to Max W .
Koenig (single), lot on SB corner of Ninth and
Fallon streets, E 100 by S 35, block 200. Kel
lersberger"s map. Oakland; $10.
Laura A. and H. B. Plnney (husband) to
A. D. Wilson lot on W line of Sixteenth ave
nue 105 S of Twenty-first street, S 35. W 01.38.
NE 35.66. W 84.52, being SW 35 feet, lots 13
to 16 of fractional block 67. San Antonio, East
Oakland; $10. ! - '
George L. Payne (by James B. Barber, Tax
Collector) to Irving S. Metxler. lot 4. block
78, tract B, Berkeley Land and Town Improve
ment Association. Berkeley; $48.
P» P. and G. Aiken (by same) to same, lot
20, block 6. Warner Tract. Brooklyn Town
ship; $25.
Miss L. E. White (by same), same, lot 6,
block 66. tract B, Berkeley Land and Town
Improvement Association, Berkeley: $11.
Calvin S. and Mary L. Wlnchell to Harry
M. White, lot on W line of Harper street, 440
N of Mason, N 40. W 122.73. block 0. amend
ed mao and reeubdlvlston of Central Park.
Berkeley: $10.
Harvey S. and Laura S. Haseltlne (wife) to
E. M. and I. W. Brldenbecker, lot on W line
of Kelsey street. 124 S of Stuart. S 45 by W
120, portion of lots 47 and 4S. block C, Univer
sity Villa Tract. Berkeley: $10.
E. M. and I. W. Brldenbecker to Lulu M.
Smith, same. Berkeley; $10.
Hope H. and B. Gibson (husband) to Oscar
Paulln Olofson. lot beginning at point com
mencing at corner of lots 20. 30. 37 and 38,
from which point a line extended NE perpen
dicularly to Ashby avenue, 140 feet long, would
form point on S line of said avenue distant
W thereon 1493.6 from ,W line of College ave
nue, said first point being NB corner of lot
37 and from beginning. S 141.35, E 50, N
141.45. W 60, lot 38, block E, Claremont Tract,
Berkeley; $1200.
William and John H. Manrow to Tlanle Man
row (widow), lot on W line of Franklin street,
70 N of Sixth. N 30 by W 75. block 65. Kellers
berger's Map. quitclaim deed. Oakland; $10.
Same to same, all interest In lot on >•" line
of Fourth street. 125 W of Castro, W 25 by
N 10. lot 25. block 48. same map, Oakland:
also lot on E line of Union street. 251 N of
Twenty-second, N 25 by E 133:3, lot 35. block
63, map of Adeline-street lots, Oakland: $10.
Tlanle Manrow (widow) to John H. and Wil
liam Manrow, all Interest In lot on N line of
Railroad avenue or Seventh street.' 65:7^4 B
of Cedar, E 50 by N lOO^H, lots 19 and 1«.
block 37. map of lands of Oakland Point (rail
road ferry landing), tract 406, Oakland; also
lot on W line of Maple street. 1R5:4 S of Tay
lor. 8 28 by W 75. Oakland: $10.
William J. and Selraa G. Keating to Ben
jamin Courant. lot on W line of San Pablo
avenue 45 S of Sixty-third street. 8 45 by W
100, lot 2. block B. Kllnknervllle Tract (deed
made to correct «rror In description in deed be
tween same parties October 14.) Oakland; $10.
Emily K. Latham to Calvin A. Shaw, lots
I and 2, block F. Latham Terrace (recorded
October 15. 1903), Brooklyn Township; $10.
O. E. Derby to E. M. Derby & Co. (corpora
tion), lot on S line of Nlcol avenue. 150 E of
Frultvale avenue, E POlby S 150, lot 7. block
D, map of De Wolf Tract, Frultvale. Brook
lyn Township; $10.
William M. Cube— ¦ (widower) to Abbie S.
Lewis, lot on W line of Mlnturn street. 100 S
of Railroad avenue (since widened to 80 feet).
5 37 by W 88. lot 7, map of subdivision of lot
32. Fassklng Park. Alameda: $10.
John A. and Ealo L. Beckwith to W. B.
Ptandeford, re-record 013 D. 307. lot on 8 line
of llobart street. 180 W of Telenrraph avenue
(prior to widening). W 45 by S 118, Oakland;
Henry and Emma Herman (wife) to Anna
Koch (widow), lot on E line of We«t street. 75
N of Eighteenth. N 25 by B 100. block R,
Barnes Tract. Oakland: $10. • ~ .
Charles EX and Grace R. Elliott to Hiram L.
Woodburn. beginning at stake, on W lin» of
Clare— .ont avenue 218.02 — of Intersection of
Claremont avenue and Norris street. W '102.
N 101 SW 74, B 36 to line running N .101 feet,
portion lot 10, block F. Revised Map of Clare
mont-avenue Tract. Oakland; $10. •*
E J. and Lydla F. Shepardson to Da-id
Beroovlch. lot on 8 line of Fifth street, 95 W
of Alice. W 30 by S 100. lot 13 and portion of
lot 14, block 80. Kellersberger's Map, Oakland;
* X Mary MeD. Roach (widow) to William A.
Onnn, lot on 8 line of Alden »venue (now
Twenty-nlnth street). 340 W of West «treet W
60 by S 140. lot 3, block A. Map oft Whltcher
and Brockhurst tracts. Oakland; $10.
San Francisco Savings _nlon to Fran*
Klier, lot on N line of Third street. 60:0}, B
of Center E 75 by N 125, lots 29 to 31, block
472 map of double block 472. Oakland; $6O.
Jc*enh J and Barbara Mason to Darlot
Densmore, lot on W line of Grove street 10O
N of Ashby avenue (Mason street). N 40 by
W 1_V27. block 10, Central Park Tract. B«rk«-
Ie^e'l?oy and Cora Bell Patery to Alice M.
Scott lot on N line of Merrlmae street. 267.04
W of Telegraph avenue. W 40 by N 70.96, lot
6 Austin Park, Oakland; $10.
' William (formerly W. J. Hoffschnelder) to
James pTrry villa lots 5 and 6. block 15 Cam
eron Tract, deed given to replace lost deed.
George L." and Helen Loop (wife), by Fred
erick F Loop, their attorney, to John M. Brev-
SEw lot 28, block P. map of blocks M. N. O
and P. Harmon Tract. Berkeley; $10.
James Gamble (single) to R. A Berry, lot
on N line of Parker street. 210.44 W of Grant.
N 260 31, etc.. B 1.018. S 250.40. -W 10.44.
block B Crystal Springs Tract, Berkeley; also
lot on N line of Parker street. 150 B of Grant.
E 60 by N 129.4. Berkeley: also lot on W line
of Grove street. 104 8 of Parker, S 104. W
106 87. N 104. E 114.51. Berkeley; also lots
II and 12. block G. lot 18 and W 10 feet of
lot 17. block F, and W 40 feet of lot 7. block
B and unnumbered fractional con. block B,
above noted, same map, Berkeley; $10.
Frank Sllva to Louisa Sllva (wife), lot on
W line of Mlnturn street. 25 S of Clement ave
nue, S 25 by W 108, block 56. map of property
near . Enelnal Station of Columbus Bartlett
Esq., Alameda: gift.
James W. and Fanny E. Wiley to Catherine
Brown, lot on B corner of Orchard street and
Michigan avenue. NE 145 by SB 120. lots 85
to SS. map Madison square, Elmhurst, Brook
lyn Township; $10.
MONDAY. OCTOBER 10.
Hugh and Theresa Keenan to Esther Caxton,
lot on NW corner of Scott and Lloyd streets,
N 32:6 by W 110:3; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Edwin
Goodall. lot on S line of Waller street, 412:6
W of Devlsadero, W 68:0, S 124:5, NE 70. N
131:0; $ .
Charles and Jessie- Patton to Maria A. Ander
son lot. on N line of Pa_e street, 131:3 E, of
Shrkder. B 25 by N 137:6; $10.
Wallace and Ames B. Bradford to John W.
WriKht lot on NW, corner of Clay and Maple
streets, W 45 by N 105:4%; $10.
John W. and Annie L. Wrl.ht to Tirey L.
°N_than m T! and* Mary P. Smith to Mattie E.
Smith (wife of Frank H.), lot on W line of
Folsom street, 2«iO N of Twenty-second, N 25
by W 122:6; $10. _^
David L-, Jeremiah E., Thomas F. and
Frank Roach to Fred W. Taylor, lot on NE
corner of Twenty-fourth and York streets. B
50 by N 104; $10.
Alphonse Rambaud to Clemence «r Clemese
Rambaud i lot on NW corner of Twenty-fifth
.ndYork streets. W 25 by N 100; gift.
Eugene F. O'Connor vs. James and Mary C.
Deerinp Josephine and Margaret O'Connor (by
R II Fitzgerald, referee) to Eugene F. O'Con
nor lot on S line of Alvarada street (M), 162:8
W of Sanchei. W 50:11 by S 114; $775.
Joseph Sartor to Paulina Steffanl and Hen
rietta and William Boeia, undivided % of lot
on W Una of Dupont street. 42 N of Pacific,
N 10 by W 72; $10.
Equitable Gas Light Company to San Fran
cisco Gas and Eloctric Company, lot on 8 line
of Beach street. 137:6 W of Hyde. W 137:6 by
S 137 *6; also lot on. S line of Beach street.
137-6 E'of Hyde. E 75 by S 137:6; also lease
hold of 50 vb lots 1, 2. 4 to 6.^ North Beach 2
or North Beach 250, bounded by Jefferson,
Leavenworth. Beach and Hyde streets; also
leasehold on 516 California street, 22:3 on N
line of California by 137:6; also entire plant
and property; $10.
Pacific Gas Improvement Company to same,
lot on NW corner of Stelner and Francisco
streets N 275 by W 137:6; also lot on NE
corner "of Francisco and Steiner streets. N 275
by E 270; also lot -on N line of Francisco
street 100 W of Fillmore, W 37:6, N 137:6, E
87-6 N 27:6, B 100, S 135, W 100. S SO; also
lot on BE line of Townsend street, 137:6 NE
of Third. NE 68:9, 8 137:6, 8W 68:9. NW
137 "e* also lot on SE line of Townsend street.
206:3 NE of Third. NE 08:0 by SE 147:8: also
lot on NE corner of Francisco and Pierce
streets N 375 by E 275; also lot on SW corner
of Francisco and Webster streets. S 275 by W
275: also lot on NW corner of Francisco and
Fillmore streets. N 30 by W 100; also lot on
SW corner of Bay and Fillmore streets, W 100
by S 85; also lot on 8 line of Sutter street.
161:3 E of Powell. E 50:3 by S 137:6; also all
other real property, machinery, plant and
mains, etc.; S10.
James and Margaret Qulnn to William Cur
lett. lot on SE line of South Park street, 67:0%
NR of Third. NE 43:7%. SB 137:6; $io.
Rudolph Stelnbach to Mary A. Laidley. lot
on NW line of 8ilver Btre.et.^100 SW of Third,
SW 25 by NW 70; $1.
Jeremiah McCarthy to Patrick P.... John J.
and James W. McCarthy, Nellie Conway
(wife of John) and Margaret Klngsley (wife
of D. G.), lot on N line, of Welsh street, ! 1D5
W of Fourth. B 20 by N 6; also lot on SB line
of Welsh street. 175 SW of Fourth. SW 23 by
BE 80; gift.
Abraham Aronson, Louis Metzger, Louis and
Paulino Schlenberg to Frederick. Albert and
Benjamin Baruch. lot on W corner of Sixth
and Jessie streets, N W75 by SW 80; $10.
Hannah Thompson to Mary A. Bo-en. lot
on NB line of Langton street. 80 NW of Bry
ant. N 25 by B 75; gift.
E. R. and Bella Lllienthal to D. Donald
Harkinson, lot on B line of Sixth avenue/ 214
N of Lake street. N 25. E 128:0%. SW 25:0%.
W 127:6%;. $10.
Same to Alfred B. Blake, lot on B Una of
Sixth avenue ¦ 200 N of Lake street. N 23, E
127:5%. SW 25:0%. W 126:1%; $10.
Stephen R. and Agnes T. Thome to Felix
Marcuse lot on W line of Sixth avenue, 233 :8
N of California street. N 25 by W 120. quit-
Frank W. and Emma Fuller to Mary A.
Cooper, lot on W line of Twenty-sixth avenue,
325 N of California street. N 50 by W 120; $10.
J. Frank and , Maria Walters to George -V.
and Anna Wood, lot on E line of Thirty-ninth
avenue 355 S of Clement street. S 25 by E
120; $io. mat
Solomon 'and Dora GeU to Mary J. Dep«w,
WASHINGTON, Oot- 10.— President Roose
velt, at the request of Senator Proctor, has
decided to Investigate - further tha case of
United States Marshal Field of Vermont, wh?
was . removed because of the escape of two
Chinese who were In the custody of one of
Field's deputies.'
The entire mornlnsr was taken up with
the consideration of the objections by
counsel for General' Chase to the com
petency of the court in general becausa
of its inferiority In rank to General Chase
and to Colonel "W. R. Gilbert of Colo
rado Springs and Major H. A. Naylor of
Victor, and on the additional grounds of
lack of military experience, friendship for
the complaining witness. Adjutant Gen
eral Sherman Bell, and personal animus
against General Chase.
In every case the objections were over
ruled. The court was then sworn In. Col
onel Kenneth I_ Fahnestock of Governor
Peabody's staff is its president.
DENVER, Oct 19.— The court-martial
called by Governor James H. Peabody
to Investigate charges against members
of the National Guard of Colorado met
in the Senate chamber at the Capitol at
10 o'clock to-day and when an adjourn
ment was taken this afternoon the ques
tion of postponing the consideration of
the. charges filed against Brigadier Gen
eral John Chase, until recently in com
mand of the troops at Cripple Creek, had
been decided adversely to the general.
The application for a postponement i_
based upon the statement of the attor
neys for General Chase that they are not
prepared to continue with the hearing, as
they had been denied access to certain
books and papers in the adjutant gen
eral's office necessary for the proper prep
aration of their case, and for the addi
tional reason that the leading counsel for
General Chase is unavoidably absent from.
the citv.
Militia Officer Objects to Ar
raignment Before Hia
. Subordinates.
Counsel for Chase of
Colorado Argues
for Delay.
COURT IS SWORN
TOTRY GENERAL
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1903.
13
MONAHAN & CO.,
(Inc.).
FUNERAL. DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER
2330-2341 Miesion Bt' Telephone Mission 31.
i PEnsO^TAI,* C«»- tinned.
r.ETllOVAL — Dr. W C. gTRATTON has re-
j tnovwl his office from 22.".5 Mission st. to
• room* 5T3 and !S74. Parrott h\Ag (Emporium).
A.T less thar. cost uncalled for .«ults. overcoat*
»nd-trmj«vrs at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Max^t wu
ELEGANT suits otTeasy l_s_Ua_e_t»: 50 cent?
end up por week. LEON LEMOS. 1127
Mp^ket si., b«t. Seventh and Eitthth.
THE ben plax* to buy good umbrellas or
"• hav«r them covered or repaired Is 120 Stockton
TAILOR-MADE fuH $7 50: Uress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupcnt.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs.
¦ country order*. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
AL^RFDI'M'? Egyptian Henna restores gray
V^ialr to Jt» natural co'.or; $1; at all druggists'.
Supcrf uous hair and moles removed with elec-
•^trie n<»<-<1!«' Mr; & Mi?.s Eaton. 1119 Sutter.
~~~I»A_,«IISTItY.
MMK. PKVAJ3 BclentlflB palmlFt and astrolo-
Ci*t/. Palm rv_<i:r.ps $1. Hours 10 to 12 and
J "to 5. snd Tuesday evenings. 139 Post st
H. JEROME POSEUJ. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor t='~. near O« ary. Phone Black 561.
"VAranuAxciXG, paixtixg. etc.
{{POMS raj.ered. $3 50 up; tinting, painting.
"Har.rr.nn l'air.t Co.. 319 3d ct.; tel. Main 413.
' '•:¦ FIAXOS AND ORGANS.
PAKT of our list of bargains in second-hand
.ria'nes for October. 1V03:
; . Original
Price. Now.
.;• majestic—
Walnut c_*e. medium size, 7 1-3
ortavep. three pedals, full swinging
music rack, latest design, good con-
dition $350 $225
3 UMERSONS—
- ''Two in walnut cases and one In
" oak..' email . size, carved panels,
three rit-dal*, 7 1-3 octa\-es, fine
rendition, each 375 223
V KifcCIlER—
•Mahograny case, large size, 7 1-3
octaves, fine condition, thoroughly
renovated, cannot be told from a
new piano 375 225
1 RICHMOND—
•MahoKar.y case, large eize, latest
ftyle. three pedal*. 7 1-3 octaves,
mandolin attachment, almost new. S00 240
1 C. A. STONE & CO.—
Walnut case, medium size, full
swinging music rack, thoroughly
-renovauil and equal to new 350 _50
J tSTEY—
Walnut cape, medium size. 7 1-3
oct_v«-s. in «.•.-._. condition 400 250
1 rmUENN—
Welr.ut case. raMret grand. 7 1-3
octaves, thoroughly renovated and
equal to new 450 260
Complete l'.Ft furnished on application at
our store. FHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
<" rrer Kearriy and Putter *ts.
ROOMS FOR IIOl'SEKEEIMXG.
ANTONIO. 16. off Jones, bet. Ellis and O'Far-
rell — 3 and 4 unfurnishtd rooms to let for
huusekeeping :
ANTLERS. 415 Turk *t. — Strictly modern, 4-5
room apartments; fur, or unfur. for hgkpg.
JH'SH. 1M0 — Or.e large funny unfurnished
room.
1'IRST ave.. *f>4. rear Fulton Ft. — A furnished
• tur.ny basement: 2 rooms and kitchen; reas.
J'oriiTJl, 220— Nice houe«-keering rooms; also
rooms.
GGUGH. 137 — Two sunny front rooms for light
.housekeeping; private family.
Gl'KRRERO, 1154. near Twenty-fourth — Two
Funr.y room* and kitchen furnished for
housekeeping.
HOWARD. tr.OA — 2 r.lee front rooms for light
.housekeeping; no children.
MARKET. 1509H. epp Van Ness ave.— 2 or 3
ur.iumls'.ied roorr.>; $15 or $1S.
ilODHL HOUSE. 120C Stockton — Nemiy fur-
nlehed rooms. $5-Jl»: tiath, ea*. -phone.
OAK. 117 — _ furnished rooms. $S; ore room, $5;
ga« ranee; hot bath; laundry: adults.
PIERCE. 015, near McAllister— Two neatly
furnished rooms suitable housekeeping; use
of parlor, bath; phone; private family.
SEVENTH. 191— Housekeeping rooms; nice
¦bay-window rooms.
6OUTH PARK. Si — One or two rooms nicely
' furniFhe.l fur housekeeping; gas.
THREE large unfurnished sunny rooms. In-
quire 45fe Hay«« st.
I \\ jm Tr-CBCOyP. S21 «. cor. Mission — House-
• keeping rooms and sjnele rooms.
I~.'ENTY-FOURTH. 3150. bet. Howard and
Polyo— _ 2 furnished room*; gas rtc«e; foW-
lrig beg; bath.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
KuhMTip'.ions fcee been established at 1098
Va.lrr.cia st. *
A WEEK'S newt for 5 cen_> — The Weekly Call,
lfi race*, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HutimI. i>_- Itooint— Apartra't Houses.
EL MONTEREY, the city's newest apartment
hotel, lo-.-ated on the north tide of Pine st..
tw-tween Hyde and Leavenworth: a superb
brick building of S;*nish architecture; all
the comforts of housekeeping combined with
the -conveniences of hotel life; prices very
.rt—pnable.
ROOMS TO LET — Kuril, and t nfnrn.
A-I!HlNi-\VICK House, 14S Sixth — Rooms
2.V to $1 j-er lUjfht. $1 2.1 to tS per week and
lipht hou^frkeeplng: rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market Et. (or No. 1
Fifth Ft.)— Rooms, 25c, 50c, $1, $1 60 nl^ht;
$1 50 to 110 »wk; house open all night.
BURN 1~T. 1420 Market Told No. 1364)— Fur-
r_Khr<5 rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 1412A— Nicely furnished front rooms
suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen; reasonable.
CEDAR ave., 103— Sunny room; unfurnished.
JEDAH ave., Iu3 — Nicely furnished front room;
suitable for refined «rentlem«n.
CXIF~OR~ -'04 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished fur.nj- rooms; prices reasonable.
FEXXa, 31* — Larc<» sunny furnished frcnt room;
l&r_> closet; deslraMe.
GRAND Pou-.hf rn. 7th and Mission — Rooms 50c
to $1 50 night; $1 to $3 week; reading-room.
r£SSU£i SCI. rart I". P. Mint — Furnished rooms t
f.'> and $<3 per month.
LAGUNA and McAllister, St. James Cat — Sun-
ny single room.
O'FARRELL, 208— Nicely furr.ithed sunny
•Trrr.t rooms, also single room »; $2 to $5 week.
ROTAL H — R*. 123 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
readinc-room. en lokirg-room and ladies' par-
lor: rooms tvrr night. 35c to $1 SO; week. $2
10 fS; month. fS to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rorrr.s with hot ani cold water; baths.
SEVENTEENTH. 2305, cor Castro — Alcove
bedroom, facing Market; r*rtleman; refs.
rHE FALMOUTH. 1040A Market et.: furnished
roc— s; hot and cold water ; elevator; central.
rHFJ L— Tour, 408 Post: elegantly furn. rms.:
eunny, every conven. : hot, cold water, phone.
PQ jrt — Handsomely furnished room, with pri-
vet* bath: swell ar>artment-hmme; vicinity
Bush and Powell: rentlem en. Box 2C18, Call.
'LRK. 1218 — Nicely furnished room, with us';
of kitch— If def>r*<l.
•N1TED RTATE3, 123 Eddy st., near Market—
400 Flngle and family rooms; 35c to $1 night;
$1 75 to $6 week; elevator: electric lights;
'Tracing-room; free bus and bagpage.
VALENCIA. 112C — New room, furnished or
partly furnished-
I'AN NESS. 519 — Handsome eunny furnished
suites and rlngle room s. all conveniences.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market—
Most convenient ar.d respectable; 700 rooms;
Sftc to fl 60 nUrht: f2 to $8 week: elevator;
el»c. lights; rrafling-roo~ : free bus; baggage.
• UNFURNISHED rooms en Sutter k_. near
Brorteri<-k: price SIP. Box 2C04.. Call.
TLAFSrFIED advertise— ents and rabseriptions
received at Ca.ll bmnrh office. 2200 Fill— ore.
K BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscription*, has bees established at 1030
Voler.ela ft.
dqahd.
THE Hotel Martlnette, cor. Van Ness and
Geary «.. has changed hands and will bs
conducted hereafter ai a Crst-claes family
hotel.
STEVENSON Mansion, 607 California «t— At-
tractive and eUrhtly rooms; best table and
sen-Ice: lowm rates.
VAX NESS ave.. 1714— Private boarding-house,
homelike; everything first claas; sunny
suites; single roon-.n; choice locality; ref.
PINT? 2040— Very desirable sunny room with
board; private family; phone Baker 3371.
Q'FARRELL, SOS— Furnished rooms and board
in T.Tlvaie family: price reasonable.
SCIEXTIFICT'OPTICIAXS.
DUMICO the O. A. H. »ncampm ent Dr. Cllee,
MBS Market «.. bet. Oth-7th, fitted glasses to
Or.. Miles,; you want the best as well as he.
MACmXES~ AXD SUPPLIES!
CEW HOME rewing machine; this week only-
•$io. $15. *20; slightly used: needles 20c dor.
• NEW I10ME S. _L CO, 1051 Market it
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE. .
FOR sale — $1800: easy terms; lodglng-nouse
of 27 rooms, choice location, paying avcras ¦
of {125 por month above rent; with little out-
lay will pay better. J. L. HANLBY. 1310
Park st.
DO you want to buy a lot? Do you want to
build a home? Do you want plans made?
Call or address J. Hi' YOUNG. 1243 Park
st. Alameda. Cal. _^^^^^
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY HEAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE AT A BARGAIN.
NORTH END BUSINESS BLOCK.
BEST BUSINESS CORNER AT NORTH
BERKELEY STATION: NORTHEAST COR-
NER OF VINE AND SHATTUCK AVENUES;
90 FEET FRONTAGE ON VINE STREET. 75
FEET FRONTAGE ON SHATTUCK AVE-
NUE. LARGE TWO-STORY FRAME BUILD-
ING WITH 5 STORES ON GROUND FLOOR;
16 LARGE ROOMS ON SECOND FLOOR;
ALL RENTED AT PRESENT: PAYING C
PER CENT ON THE ASKING PRICE; CAN
BE MADE WITH LITTLE OUTLAY TO
BRING A RENTAL OF 12 PER CENT.
CHENEY & BERRY,
Berkeley— Postofflce Block.
$2250— 6-ROOM house: lot 60x120; street work
done; 1 block from College ave.
$650— Lot 60x135; Addlson St., near Santa Fe
line.
CHENEY & BERRY'S SPECIALS.
$7500—600 feet on Claremont ave.; will sell
this as a whole or In lots of 100 feet frontage.
$3350— 6-room house, new; near car line;
street work done; easy terms.
10 lots near Grove st; $400 to $500; Install-
ments.
600 feet on water front and railroad. West
Berkeley, for sale; Just the place for a factory.
CHENEY & BERRY.
P. O. Block, Berkeley.
BARGAINS IN LOTS—
$400 — 40x138; Walnut, north of Berryroan st.
$600 — 60x135; Ehattuck ave., north of Berry-
man Et.
$500 — 100x148; corner Sacramento and Hop-
kins sts.
$450—40x130; Carlton St.. near Grove.
$900 — 15x120; Walnut st., Bouth of Rose.
$1000—50x100; corner. Virginia st.
$1100 — »7xitO; corner. Grove st.
$1250 — 50x120; Walnut et.. north of Vine.
E. B. NEWTON. 2131 Center at.
_______
Real Estate and Insurance Agent
Choice Property a Specialty.
EEL cor. Shattuck ave. and Center st
Berkeley. Cal. ¦
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL. ESTATE.
AT AUCTION.
. At Auction.
At Auction,
At Auction. .
. • At Auction.
At Auction.
At Auction,
At Auction,
Saturday October 24. 1903.
On premises, at 1:30 p. m.
The Reichllng Houses,
Northwest corner Linden and Sth ets.,
Oakland.
Eight Handsome Homes
9 10, 11 and 12 rooms each,
in
Eight large single subdivisions,
to be
Sacrificed at auction.
Write for Maps
Showing photographs of property.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
Auctioneers,
4 CO and 462 sth st., Oakland..
CHEAP LOTS. CHEAP LOTS.
$5 cash. $2 50 monthly: fine. level lots; soil
and location superb; price $75.
$10 cash, $5 monthly; level lots In new set-
tlement; soil and location the best; 50x145;
price ?150.
$25 cash. $7 50 monthly; extra fine lots. 100
xl22:6; 73 homes just gene up; has a great
future; see them; price $300; will build you a
home.
Near two electric lines, school, church, wide
boulevard and adjoining East Oakland; sec-
tion building up with good, substantial peo-
ple; call or eend for circular. 455 Seventh St.,
Oakland opposite Broadway station; carriage
free. H. Z. JONES. Owner.
WEST St.. 840; seven apartments; Income $79
per month; modern Improvements; windmill
and tank; $7000. Inquire 907 Grove st,
Oakland. '
Modern house. 9 rms.; stable; Mason & Hamlln
organ. Before 12 m.. 422 Orange St.. Oakland.
•OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture. H. Schellhaas. 11th st.cor.store.Oaklnd.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A — EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 720-
731 Howard St.. near Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
flce Post and Powell sts.; tel. Priv. Ex. 671.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storace; advances made; S40
Mission St.; tel. Howard 041. F. W. Zahfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore at; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
st. ; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERs3^
sell better machines for lees money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
<K Exchange. 686 California; telephone Mala 268.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par*
tlculars. L. & M. ALEXANDER,. 110 Mont-
gomery st. .-.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, .repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. t>06 Market.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE School. Van Ne»s-Market— Cure
in every cast; Individual teaching; no medi-
cine. Inquire into wonderful cures;home cure.
MABRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday :
Samuel D. Haynes, 23, 4 Torrens court, and
Maud E. Reynolds, 19. 1625 Leavenworth street
Howard M. • Shattuck. 25. Eureka, and Doris
L. Thielcke, 21, Danbury, Conn.
Frank C. Baker, 25. Washington, D. C, and
Nettle T. Doud, 21. Monterey.
George 11. Harapson, 21, Clovis, and Estello
Kelloeg, 18, 267 Devlsadero street
Salvatore Piazza. 22. 20& Lafayette place,
and Provodenzla Arena, 20, 20M Lafayette pi.
Ingward C. Ekow, 23, - Castroville, and Mag-
gio J. Martin, 21, C-strovUle.
Carl J. Peterson, 30. city, and Carolina Sund-
sten, 43, Kentfield.
William J. Rhodes, 22, Stockton, and Alta L.
Manley, 18, Stockton.
Frank S. Donant 21, 169 Julian avenue, and
Minnia E. Storm, 18, 3507 Twenty- third street.
Anthony J. Garbls, 28, Oakland, and Anna
Cuda, 2O. 118% Wildey avenue.
..Johann Wistuba. 24, 336% Teham a street,
and Agnes Cuda, 22. 118% Wildey avenue.
Charles J. McDonald, 42, Iowa Hill, and
Agnes B. Givena, 35, Berkeley.
John W. Slgyald, 26, 74 Geary street, and
Julia F. Barry, 30, 74 Geary street.
' Jesse Beebe, 26. 110 Shot well street and
Margaret A. Delee, 19, 2032 Folsom street.
Leopold Hlrsch, 37, city, and Marguerite
Brown. 20, 2212 Devlsadero street.
Antonino Campagnla, 29, 23 Bannam place,
and Caterlna Gurglola, 20, 412% Green street
• Nicola Batariano. 24, 518 Filbert street, and
Nlmfea Gurglola, 18, 412% Green street
James W. Kasebery, 21, Roseville, and Emma
J. Callaghan, 21. Sacramento.
BIRTHS— MARRIABES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
COLKN— In thla city. October 2, 1903, to the
wife of Frank J. Colen, a daughter.
JENTZSCH— In this city, October 8. 1903, to
the wlfo of C. W. Jentzsch, a son.
QUANE— In thl_ city. October 18, 1903. to the
wife of J. F. Quane. a daughter.
1YTARBIEIX —
BURGHART— STRABS— In this city, October
17, 1D03, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Fran*
Burghart and Johanna Stress.
CLIFTON — FULLGRAF — In this city. October
IS. 1903. by the Rev. J. Fuendeling. Percy
Clifton and Bertha Fullgraf.
FRISBIE— COONEY— In Los Angeles. October
I 15, 1903. t by the Rev. P. M. Griffin of Bt
James Church, San Fra .nclico. Earl C. Frls-
OCEAN TBAVEL.
e Steamers leave Saa Fran-
cisco as follows:
For Ketchikan, Wrangel.
Juneau. Halnes, Skagway.
etc.. Alaska— 11 a. m.. Oct.
18. 23. 28. Nor. 2. Changs
to company'* steamers at
Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
coma, Everett, Whatcom— It a. m., Oot 18.
23. 28. Nov. 2. Change at Seattle to this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at
Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver
to C. P. Rv.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:3*
p. m ., Oct. 19, 25. 31. Nov. «; Corona. 1:30 p.
m .. Oct. 18. 22. 23. Nov. 3.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redendo), San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays. 9 a. rn.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and Ea?t
San Pedro), Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Hitrford (Saa
Luis Oblspo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 9 a. ra.. Oct. in. 24. Nov. 1.
Bonita. 0 a. m ., Oct. 20. 28. Nov. 5.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. S_n Jose d4
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Hex.), 10 a. ra., 7th of eacrt
month*
For further Information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing dates.
TICKET OFTXCZS — 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C. D. DUSAJW. General Passenger Agent,
10 Market street. Kan Francisco.
O- /?. <£ N. CO.
"Columbia" sails Oct. 20. 30. Nov. 9, 19. a>
De«. 9. 1». 20. "George W. Elder" sails Oct!
25. Nor. 4, 14, 24. Dec. 4. 14. 24. Only steam-
ship line to PORTLAND. OR., and short rail
line from Portland to all points East. Through
tickets to all oolnts. all rail or steamship an.t
rail at LOWEST RATES. Steamer tickets In-
clude berth and meats. Steamer halls foot of
i Spear st. at 11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Oen.
1 Agt. Pass. Dept.. 1 Montgomery st. ; C. CLnr-
FORD. Gen. Agt. Freight Dept.. 3 Montgom err.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK-SOLTHAMPTON-LONDON.
N. York.Oct. 23. 10 am[S.Louis.Nov.l4.0_U> am
Phlla..Nov. 7. 0:30 amlN.York.Nov.21.9:3O am
ATLA5 T IC TBAKSPOBT XJ~_.
We— • York — Loncoa Direct.
Mlnh'ha,Oct. 31.1:30pm;Mntka..Nov.l4.ir30 pra
Mesaba. ..Nov. 7. 9 amlMineapls.Nov. 21.7 am
Only First-class Paasensreni Carried.
BOMIHIOXr LINE.
Boston — Queenstow _ — Liverpool.
Cambrom an O.t. 291 Columbus Nor. 12
Mayflower Nov. r.| Commonwealth. Nov. 19
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passage
Canada ...Oct. 31|Kenslnjrton ....Nor. 29
Southwark Nov. 7l Canada Pec. 6
Boston Midiferranean w»~
AZOUES-GIBRALTAR-NAPLES— GENOA.
Vancouver _.... Saturday. November 21
. B"D 43TAS LINE.
~e— York — Antwerp— Paris.
Zealand. Oct. 31.10 ami Vadld.Nov.14, 10:S0 am i
Fnlnd.Nor.7. l<»:30 amlKrnld.No<~._l,10r30 ana
WHITE STAB LINE.
Haw York — Qneensto— _. — Liverpool.
Sailing ¦ Wednesdays and Fridays. .
Arable.Oct.30.12:30 pmj Majestic. Nov. 11. noon
Victorian. Nov.3. 3 pmj Celtic... Nov. 13. noon
Cedrlc.Nov. 4. 3:30 pmJ Armenian. Nor. 17. 3 pm
CD. TAYLOR. Passenger Agt. Pacific Coast.
21 Post st., San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
<ORTENTA_ STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will . leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan street*, at 1 p. m .. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc No
cargo received on board on day of sailing.
a S. AMERICA MARU
Tuesday November 10. 1903
a S. HONGKONG MARIJ
Thursday. December 8. 1903
S. S. NIPPON MARU (Calling at Manila)
Wednesday, D<pcember 3O. 1903
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
1 rates. For freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's office, 4_1 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVKRY. General Agent.
TO S. S. SIBERIA PASSENGERS.
Mr. Leon L. Collver of "The Collver Tours,'*
Boston, has. through his Yokohama agent, con-
tracted for the services of the available Japa-
nese-EnKllsh-jpeaklns; guides of the first rlass
for the time, following the arrival of the "Sibe-
ria" at Yokohama, and" Is prepared to arrango
for trips through Japan on the "inclusive" ba-
sis, all details of the highest class. l.EOX I_
COLLVER. 301 Examiner building. San Fran-
ersco. '-.-.:.'
oeea.ics.sx(iis_^
B.8. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti Oct. 28. 11 a. m.
8.9. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney, Thursday, Oct. 2». 2 p. m.
8 8. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Nov. T, 11 a. m .
a!FiEmSiIJK.Ca_Jl5tJ.,T)ctitBfto,l43Iirtil_|
taktlt&a.lU lirtdlUitfli. J.haftlL
COMPAGNIK GX— CSALE TRA53ATLANXI!JU_.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. _hm_,
Sailing every Thursday lastead of <c5\_3|*l(
Saturday.' at. 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. wW
North River, foot of Morton strett .
.Ftrst-claflJ to Havre. $70 and naward. Sec-
ond-class to Havre. $43 ar.d upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI * CO.; Paeinc Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all .Railroad Ticket Agents.
Mare . Island sad, Vallajo Steam en. -
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
9:45 a. m.. 7:15 and 8:3O p. m .. except Sunday.
Sunday. 9:43 a. m.. S:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo.
1 a. m .. 12:30 noon. 6 p. m .. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day. 7 a. ra., 4:13 p. m. - Far*.' 30 eenta. Ttt.
Main 1503. Pier 2, Mlsslon-st. dock. HATCH
BROS.
ET'Servlces private.
DERMONT— In Oakland, October 18, 1003, at
Eleventh street and Broadway, John, be-
loved husband of Harriett J. Dermont, a na-
tive of Mass aehusetts, aged 71 years 0
months and 14 days. A member of Oakland
Lodge No. 118. I. O. O. F.
FOWLER. — In Frultvale, October 19, 1003,'
Frances, beloved wife- of Henry Fowler,
mother Of Henry and Raymond Fowler, and
daughter of William and Clara Llnderman,
a native of * Michigan, aged 26 years 4
months and 10 days.
HUSSEY — In this city, October 17, 1903.
Mayme, beloved daughter of Patrick and
Mary Husaey, a native of Oakland, aged 21
years 5 months and 18 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tha funeral Tuesday,
at 10 o'clock, from the funeral parlors of
Porter & White, 423 Golden Gate avenue,
thence to St. Mary's Cathedral for services.
y^, b. A requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul Wednesday
at 0:30 a, m.. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
LAWLER— In this city, October 18, 1003. Alice
Mabel, deloved wife of James F. Lawler,
daughter of Margaret Boland, and sister of
Mary McDermott, John Felldln and Maggie,
Nellie and Robert Boland, a native of San
Francisco, a«ed 24 years 3 months and 24
KTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday) at 0:15 o'clock, from her late
residence, 18 Heron street, off Eighth, be-
tween Folsom and Harrison, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
Will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. <
LOUGHRAN— In this city. October 10. 100T5.
Charles M. Loughran, beloved son of the late
Bernard and the late Johanna Loughran, and
brother of John Loughran, Mrs. Joseph Hack-
ett and Mrs. A. Farrell. a native of 8an
Francisco, aged 20 years 6 months and 15
IT_rFriends and ' acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his sister, Mrs. Joseph Hackett,
1022 York street, thence to St. Peter's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the reDose of his soul at 0
a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MCCARTHY — In this city, October 18, 1003,
William McCarthy, a native of Ireland, aged
85 years.
McMURRAY— In this city, at Lane Hospital.
October 18. 1003. James D. McMurray, be-
loved son of Hugh and Margaret McMurray,
and beloved brother of John, Frank, Thomas,
Mary Margaret and the late Hugh McMur-
ray, a native of Llvermore, Cal., aged 21
¦ and, acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral from the
home of his parents, thence to- St. Michael's
Church Llvermore, where a requiem high
• -man will be said at 9:30 o'clock Tuesday.
October 20.
MAGEE— In this city. 9 c i ob w 18> 1003 ' J""" 1 -
ces beloved wife of John Magee, mother of
William Flynn. and grandmother of Ade-
Wne Flynn. a native of England, aged 42
y '_3"Frlen<Ss and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Tuesday), at ; 1 o'clock, ' at her
lato residence, B30 Minna street, between
Fourth and Fifth. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by carriage.
MARKLE— In this city, October 18. 1803. Chris-
ten MarkleV beloved husband of Mrs. C.
Markle a native of Germany, aged 78 years
8 SS?__S a'? tt'parlor. of Valente, Ma-
rlnl & Co.. 1524 Stockton street
MINER— In this city. October 17. 1903, Stan-
ton B.. Miner, a. native of Connecticut, aged
88 rnr Friends and acquaintances are respect -
"tnUv invited to attend the funeral services
!o day (Tuesday). October 20.^ »:30 a. m..
at the chapel of N. Gray ft Co, 353 8utter
HtreVt? Interment Cypress Lawrf Cemetery
by electric car.
MORIARTY— in Oakland. October 19. 1003.
limla William, beloved son of Mary and
££» 2 Morlarty and grandson of Mr. and
Jfrs P Heverin. a native of Oakland, aged
¦1 year B months and 6 days.
PISTOLE8I-In this city. October 17, 1003,
Emma F.. dearly beloved wife of Frank V.
Pistoles!, and mother of Roaalle, Emma,
Frank and Norbert PIstolesi and the late
Harold. Pistolesi, a native of San Francisco.
irr Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified that the funeral takes place
Tuesday, October 20." at 8:30 o'clock, from
her late- residence.' 4147 Twenty-fourth street,
between Castro and Diamond, thence to St.
James . Church, Twenty-third and Guerrero
streets, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the . repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock sharp, thence to Holy
CroHs Cemetery.., ..... .
RADER— In this city, October 18. 1003, Mary
Rader,* beloved wife of Charles G. Rader,
and mother of' Elizabeth Martin and Olga
F. J. Monahan, President.
BADEN— In Ean Pablo Creek, October 18. 1003,
Mary, beloved wife of the late Jacob. Baden,
a native of County Kilkenny, Ireland, aged
90 years.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
at 8:45 o'clock, from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor A Co.. 767 Mission
street, thence to St. Charles Borromeo's
Church, Eighteenth and Shotwell ¦ streets,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul at 0:30 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BARNSTBAD— In this city. October 18. 1003,
Thomas Delap, beloved husband of Catherine
Bametead, retired sergeant of police and
commander of Lincoln Post No. 1, G. A. R.,
a native of Philadelphia, aged CO years 3
months and 2S days.
C~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Wednesday, October 21, 1003, at 1 o'clock,
at Assembly Hall, Pioneer building, on
Fourth street, between Mission and Market,
under the auspices of Lincoln Post No. 1,
G. A. R. Interment National Cemetery.
LINCOLN Relief Corps No. 8 Is requested to be
present at Assembly Hall. Pioneer building,
at 12:30 p. m., on Wednesday to attend the
funeral of the commander of Lincoln Post.
EMMA B. L0ED3. President.
BELL— In this city. October 17. 1003, Mrs.
Minnie J, Bell, a native of Georgia, aged 45
years 5 months and 18 days.
ICyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany. 20 Fifth street. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery. ¦¦
BRODT— In this city, October 17, 1003, Effle,
beloved wife of Ephraim Brodt, and mother
of Luther, Amandus, Lincoln and William
1 Brodt, Mrs. Maggie Springer and Mrs. Lillle
Williams, a native of Pennsylvania, aged 65
years 2 months and- 8 days.
: (CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral > services
Tuesday, October 20, 1903, at 3 o'clock, at
the parlors of Leltch & Henderson. 878 Broad-
way ¦ corner of Eighth street, Oakland. In-
terment Mountain. View Cemetery.
CHICHIZOLA— In Indian ' Gulch. Mariposa
County, Cal.. October 10. 1003, Louise E.,
dearly beloved wife of Thomas J. Chlchizofci,
mother of Irene Chlchizola, beloved daughter
of Mary and the late Joseph Cuneo, and
sister of Frank. David, Rose, Emlllo, Clar-
ence* Reglnia, May and Irene Cuneo and Mrs.
A. P. Giannlni, a native of Volcano, Amador
County Cal. (Amador papers please copy.)
(pr Notice of funeral hereafter.
COBURN — In this city, October 18. 1003,
Frances J. Coburn, beloved mother of Dr.
Lois Nelson, a native of New Hampshire,
aged 64 years. '
ICTFuneral and interment private.
DALEY— In this city, October 18. 1003,
at his residence, 60 Natoma street, James,
beloved husband of the late Rose Daley,
dearly beloved, father of Mrs. Thomas P.
Ktnch, -'rid brother-in-law of Mrs. Thomas
1-* Mull- ii. a native of Queenetown, Ireland.
'ci-riK- funeral will take place from St.
Patrick's Church Tuesday, where a solemn
rei;'-:!"— hi_h mass will be celebrated for
the ttpcrt r.f his soul, commencing at 0:30
oclrrk. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DAVIS- In this city, October 19, 1003, Mrs.
George T. Davis, mother of Blanche, Grace,
Lola and George T. Davis.
Baden. Mary .Markle, Christen
Barnstead, Thos. D. Miner. Stanton B.- l
Bell, Mrs. Minnie - Mbrlarty, Louis W-.
Brodt Effle ¦¦ PIstolesi, Emma F.
Chlchizola, Louise E. Rader. Mary .
Coburn, Frances J. Renner. Gottlieb I
Daley. James Riswold. Olene r . .
Davis. Mrs. George Rodger. David
Dermont, John Ruff. -William S.
Fowler, Frances Schulz, Fred
Hussey, Mayme Skehan, John J.
Lawler, Alice M. Soubirou. Josephine ¦
Loughran, Chas. W. Tewksbury, Geo.. H.'
McCarthy, William' Tonningsen, Lizzie .
McMurray, James D. Tormey. Peter J. .
Magce, Frances Whitney. William .
PIED.
j REAL. ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
| SPECK & CO.. .„*— ¦ '
CC7 MARKET ST;. OPP. KEARNY.
Rtal Kstate A tent* and Rent Collectors.
Full Charge Taken of Property.
' • SELECTED INVESTMENTS.
JONES-ST. CORNER. .
$140,000— Magnificent brick 6-story building;
10 years' secured lease; annual net
rents $JW0fl; lot <K>xS5 feet.
KOURTH-ST. CORNER.
$C5,000— 70x100 feet; main corner; stores and
apartments above; pays 0 per cent net;
a safe investment. _ „._,_
WESTERN ?ADDITION CORNER.
$50.000— Annual rents $5172; beautiful modern
building: lot S7xS3; pays over 10 per-
cent : rents $431; bank mortgage of
i"2ti.50O can remain.
EDDV-PT. CORNER.
f 50,000— East of Larkin; :(7:0_87:6 feet; stores
and lodging-house; pays 0 per cent net;
offer of S47.0<>0 refused.
NORTHWEST CORNER.
$50.000— 137 :C_137:ti; substantial improve-
ments: insured for $20,000; mortgage
$30,000 at 6hb per cent can remain;
pays 8 per cent net.
SECOND-ST. CORNER.
$48,000—1*3 blocks from Market St.; 4T feet
front: cheapest downtown corner to be
had riear Market st. ; a chance to make
a turn at good advance.
CHANCE FOR SPECULATORS.
$40 000 — Lot s^n27r>; 2 frontages; 106 rooms;
re.r.ts one tenant; can be easily
leased at $400.
GOLDEN GATE AVE.
$23 500— Golden Gate, near Van Ness ave.: 42
xl20; 2 frontages; rents $144 ;. can be
increased to $170; fine site for apart-
ment house.
POLK-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$„ 0<Hi— Storc-s and lodging-house; yearly
rerus $1980; lot 30 feet frontage; pays
over b per cent; bank mortgage of $10,-
O*Kt can remain.
SANSOME-ST. CORNER.
$!7,500 — HusLnesa corner; stores, basement and
floor above; rents $153; pays 11 per
cent.
OOTAVIA-ST. RESIDENCE.
,' $17,50a-Choice location; 14 rooms and baths;
8 bedrooms; lot 89x137 :«.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
$16,500 — O'Farrell Ft., east of Van Ness; pays
10 t>er cent net by assuming $8000
hank mortgage; rents $115; lot 27:6x
120; 2 frontages.
WAFHINGTON-ST. RESIDENCE.
¦ $15,000— Modern ]2-room residence; .marine
view; fculldlhg alone cost more than
price as=ked: lot 40x128 feet,
ELEVENTH ST.
$13,600— Lot 50x^00 feet; 2 frontages; nominal
improvements; fine site for warehouse,
drayas* or automobile garage purpose.
PINE-ST. CORNER.
$12 500 — SE. corner Pine and Webster sts.;
C2:0xl0l»; ei>lendld eite for flats.
$«,500— Three fine flats; vicinity Eighteenth
and Cartro; rents $5S a month; lot
25x125 "
$5,500 — Washington Et., near Spruce; lot BO
xl27:8i.;, worth $9000; want offer.
$2,C50 — New cottage in Mission; 6 rooms ant'
bath; fine let.
$1,400— Corner lot near Golden Gate Park;
22x100 feet.
SPECK & CO., CC7 Market st.
N. H. LANG 4 CO.. 40 Montgomery st..
Exclusive Dealers In Probate and Bank Realty.
$1000— Stylish, up to date residence In Mls-
I sion warm belt; Just completed; containing 7
: rooms and bath, elegant finished plumbing and
! hardware throughout; adjoining homes have (
; all found new owners within last two months;
sold to close partnership account; easy terms
j If desired.
| $11,500— $1500 CASH; not yet completed, but
rented for $1200 per year; 3 marine view !
f.ats. Nos. 2O6S-7O-72 Union St.. E. Webster;
every room Is and will be eunny; every pos-
eible latest Improvement For Inspection ap-
ply to Albert Wllford, owner, 3009 Jackson.
FOR sale — Three lots, MUsion district. Twen-
ty-seventh st. and San Joee ave.; $1100 and
$1200: this is a bargain; will sell one or all;
no agents. Address W. H. ROUSSEL. 19
California st. ,
! $700 EACH— 2 lots. Miesion st. $250— New cot-
tape. 5r.b. ; Preclta ave.; bal. terms. $500^ —
New fiats, 4-0 r. b.; bal. easy terras; 29th and
Mission. $100 — Cottage, 4 r. b.; 135 Nevada
ave; bal terms. P. Coffin & Co.. 3303 Mission.
| ONLY $1295 — A bargain; west side Sixth ave..
north of Lake; 25x120; street work done; elec-
tric cars close by. W. J. GUNN. 530 Cali-
fornia ft.
$10,250, REDUCED from $17,000: cottage and
C flats; fine location; lot 75x122:6; rent
$!«:_;; good investment. 1010 Shotwell st.
CHEAP lots sunny side Union, 'with fine ma-
rine view; $1750. W. J. GUNN. 530 Calif or-
rtla st.
MAGNIFICENT new flats for sale on Sixteenth
st.. near Church. Apply on premises. D.
CONDON, builder.
BUILD on your unimproved realty; we loan
full cost Improv. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
FOR 'sale — Fine 2-etory residence, S large
rooms, equal to 6. 3918 22d St.. nr. Castro.
FINE income flats on Fulton, near City Hall;
reasonable. Inquire 142 Fulton St.. owner.
REAL. ESTATE: — Country— For Sale.
$S000 — 10 acres rich soil, warm belt adjoining
San Jose, In prunes, apricots and peaches.
all bearing; near electric cars; windmill,
tank, drying plant, fruithouse, trays, hard
finished house, barn, poultry, etc.; exchange
for houfe and lot or eell half c!a*h.
PETERSEN REALTY CO..
Tel. Mint 75«. 1035 Market St.
I $10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre farm.
Write for booklet: It's free.
WRIGHT & K1MBR0UGH. 603 J it.
Eacramento, California.
FOR farms, stock ranches, fruit and poultry
farms, grazing and timber lands, call on or
send for catalogue. ROTHERMEL & CO..
507 California st.
IF yon want a etock ranch, dairy or coloniza-
tion tract, write CHAS. W. COE & CO., 40
West Santa et.. San Jose. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues Bent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 648
Market st.
52 ACRES fruit or grain land, near Esparto.
Yolo Co.: cheap. Address E. A. KNEIB, Di-
mond. Cal.
FOR poultry and dairy ranches yielding a good
profit. HAMILTON A KENDRICK.Petaluma.
pTrfyTniTciYMo'y^
WATER front lots and bargains: all tracts;
maps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bl<J&.
REAL. ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
WANTED — To exchange 8 per cent guaran-
teed 10-year bonds for Income property or
vacant lots In good locality. Address J. H.,
335S Twenty-second Bt., City,
1M1VS1CIAX5 AND SURGEOXS.
DR. C. C O'DONNELL — Office and residence.
1021 H Market st.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention Daid to diseases of women.
BLOOD. *kln and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. HALL. 1073H Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treat* all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
' cated at C67 Geary St., near Leavenworth.
I DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal, herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
¦ WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
i '^ ~^~~ ~ — — ¦ — — — ¦— — - — » — — — i — — — i^
8ra^IAl.ISTg.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter «t.
SPECIAL KOTICES.
Ladles! Chlchester's Knirllvh Penny— yal Pills
are best; eafe, reliable; take no other Bend 4c
namj.8 for particulars. -Relief for" Ladies"
in letter by return mail. Auk your dnifrrlst
Chlchetter Chemical Co.. Philadelphia, P_
MOTHERS— Drink Cof-farin regularly and
your nerves and digestion will be all riehf
give It to the children and the old man and
half your troubles will cease.
__ AB _ ES — Q _£-,- ~ "
BARN to let with 16 stalls and wagon room
74 Pore st.. bet 9th and 10th. og Folsom*.
DIVIDEND KOTICEg.
OFFICE of the Fireman's Fund Insurance
Company, San Francisco, Oct. 19, 1903— At a
regular meeting of the Board of Directors of
this company, held this day, a dividend was
declared, payable on and after Oct. 21. 1903
LOUIS WEINMANN, Secretary. '
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS. ~~
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
. of Bon Francisco, State of California — Pro-
bate. No. 2S*;m. (Indorsed) Filed Oct. 13
1903. Albert B. Mahony, Clerk, by E. a'
Hawley, Deputy Clerk. In the matter of
the estate of PATRICK DUGAN» deceased.
Notice for publication of time appointed for
probate of will, a C. P.. Sec. 1303. Notice
Is hereby given that TUESDAY, the 27th day
cf October. A. D. 1903. at 10 o'clock a. ra. of
that day. and the courtroom of Department
No. 9 of eaid court, at the City Hall, in the
city and county of San Francisco, State of
California, have been appointed as the time
and place for proving the will of said PAT-
KICK DUGAN. deceased, and for hearing
the application of NELLIE A. LASSELL
for the Issuance to her of letters of adminis-
tration with the will annexed thereon [Seal.J
ALBERT B. MAHONY. Clerk.- By E. 6.
HAWLEY. Deputy Clerk. Dated October 13.
A. D. 1903. A. D. KEYES. Attorney for
Petitioner.
J J. WALSH. Secretary.
WHITNEY— In this city. October 17, 1903.
William Whitney, a native of New York,
aged 60 years.
p. f. McCarthy, f. s.
ST. VINCENT DE PAUL SOCIETY— The offi-
cers and members Of Sacred Heart Confer-
ence and members of 8t. Vincent de Paul
Society are respectfully requested to attend
the funeral of our late brother, Peter J.
Tormey. from Sacred Heart Church. Fell and
Fillmore streets, Tuesday. October 20, at 10
o'clock. J. C. MURPHY, President.
IE~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
October 20. at ia;30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 142 Hawthorne street, between
Second and Third, off Folsom. thence to St.
Patrick's Church for services at 1 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SKEHAN— In this city, October 17. 1903. John
J.,. beloved husband of the lata Maria Ske-
han, a native of County Kilkenny, Ireland,
aged U2 years 3 months and 3 days.
[""Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of McFadden, McBrearty & Green. 1171
Mission street, between Beventh and Eighth,
thonce to St. Patrick's Church for services
at 1 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
BOUBIROU— In this city, October 17, 1903,
Josephine - Soubirou, beloved wife of J. B.
Soubirou, sister-in-law of Mrs. " J. B. »Bonle-
nave, Jean Louis and Alphonse Soubirou and
' J. B. Bordenave, a native of France, aged 3ti
years 6 months and 28 days.
E~Friend» and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
October 20, 1903, at 10 o'clock, from the
mortuary cfiapel of J. S. Godeau, 305 Mont-
gomery avenue, thence to French Church of
Notre Dame dea Victoires, where services
will be held. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. '
TBWKSBURY— In this city, October 17, 1003,
George Henry, beloved husband of Ida M.
Tewksbury, devoted father of VUta M.
Tewksbury, son of Ellen and the late Henry
L. Tewksbury, and brother of Sidney J. ii.
Tewksbury, a native of California, aged 32
years. A member of San Francisco Lodge,
Woodmen of the World.
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday, October 20. 1903, at 1:30 o'clock,
at the - mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate
Undertaking Company, 2475 Mission street,
near Twenty- first, under the auspices of San
- Francisco Lodge, ¦ Woodmen of the World.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by elec-
tric funeral car from corner of Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets at 2 o'clock.
TONNINGSEN— In this city, October 10. 1903.
Lizzie.' beloved wife of John Tonningsen, and
eister of F. W. G. and Charles Moebus and
Mrs. Henrietta Draper, a native of Stockton,
Cal., aged 47 years.
C_TFrlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral Wednesday, at 11 o'clock,
from her late residence, 1626 Howard stneet.
Interment private.
TORMEY — In Portland. Or.. October 1$. 1903.
Peter J.'. beloved husband of Mary C. Tor-
mey, and father of Clara M., Isabel L..
Edith M. and Julian C. Tormey, a native
of Plattsburgr. N. Y.
£7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday
mornlng, October 20, - 1903, at 0:30 o'clock,
from his late residence. 852 Grove street,
thence to Sacred- Heart. Church. Fell and
Fillmore streets, where a requiem . high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment strictly
' private. Holy Cross Cemetery.
KNIGHTS OF CQLUMBUS— San , Francisco
Council No. 616: Members are hereby noti-
fied to attend the funeral services of our de-
ceased brother, P. J. Tormey, in Sacred Heart
Church this (Tuesday) morning at 10 o'clock.
GEORGE A. CONNOLLY. G. K.
t£f, J. W. HAMILTON, R. S.
RUFF— In.Simi, Ventura County, Cal., October
10. 1903. William S.. beloved son of Mrs.
Susan and the late H. S. Ruff, and
brother of Mrs. W. H. Gardner. Mrs. C. H.
• Hill, Mrs. A. E. Gortze Jr. and Thomas,
James and Luella Ruff, a native of Chicago.
HI., aged 2-1 years 10 months and 10 days.
(Chicago papers please copy.)
SCHULZ— In this city, October 18. 1903, Fred,
beloved husband of Margaret Schulz, and
father of George, Margaret, William, Vic-
tor, Virginia. Frank and Vera Schulz. Mrs.
J. C. Burk and the late Josephine Curtaz,
a native of New Orleans*, aged 61 years and
5 days.* A member of Bernal Lodge No. 1U,
A. O. U. - W.
ItyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day at 1 p. m. from the parlors of the Cali-
fornia \Jndertaklng Company, 405 Powell
street, .near Post. *
RENNER— In this city, October 18, 1903, Gott-
lieb Renner, brother "of Louis and Theodore
¦ Renner, a native of Hospenthal. Canton Vrl,
Switzerland, . aged 41 years and 6 months.
{CyFriends are respectfully invited ,to at-
tend the funeral Wednesday, October 21, at
• ,7:3a^'clock, from the parlors of H. F. Suhr
• & Co.. 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth, thence to St. Anthony's Church
at 8 o'clock for services. Interment Holy
j Cross Cemetery.
RISWOLD— Jn this city, October 19, 1903.
. j Olene Rlswold, beloved sister of Mrs. Captain
.*O. Monsen, a native of Sovde, Norway, aged
! 25 years '6 months and 19 days.
RODGER — In this city, October 17, 1903,
David,- beloved husband of Clarissa Rodger,
father of Elizabeth, Henry, Thomas. David
' and Margaret Rodger, and son of Henry and
Margaret Rodger, a native of Scotland, aged
- 30 years and 22 days.
_~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
: (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resl-
I dence, 657 Wisconsin street. Interment Cy-
' press Lawn Cemetery, by electric car leaving
I Eighteenth and Guerrero streets at 3 o'clock.
COURT Southern Heights No. 1150. I. O. F.—
T}ip funeral of our deceased brother. David
Rodger, will take place ! from his late resi-
dence, 657 Wisconsin streetj on Tuesday,
October 20, at 2 o'clock,
' - ' GEORGE DOW. C. R.
Campbell, a native of Germany, aged 66
years. . •' . .
b!« and Annie M. Cooney. both of San Fran-
cisco.
KONNMAYER— GUENZEL— In this city. Oc-
tober 14, 1803, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling,
Anthony S. Konnmayer and Anna Guenzel.
OHBA— McLELLAN— In this city, October 18.
1P03, by George W. White, paetor of Central
Mi K. Church, Harry H. Ohea and Etta B.
McLellan, both of San Francisco.
PLATE— FE1L— In this city. October 18. 1903.
by the Rev. Herman Gehrcke. Henry Plate
and Wilhelmlne Fell, both Of this city. "
RHODES— MANLEY— In this city, October 10,
1003. by the Rev.- Dr. John~A; B. • Wilson.
William J. Rhodes of French Camp and Alta
Lenora Manley of. .Stockton.
SKOW— MARTIN— In this" city, October' 19,
1903. by the Rev. Dr. John <• A. ¦ B. -. Wilson.
Ingward C. Skow and Maggie 'J.' Martin, both
of Castroville. . : , o-j ¦
WILSON— BERRYMAN— In this city. October
17, 1903, by the .Rev. John* Ai B. -Wilson,
Thomas Wilson and Jennie Berry man, both
of San Francisco. . - : .:•.-..,GATHERED from, every . section of
the United States, San Francisco
has within her gates the represen
tative men of finance • who have
. crossed the continent in order' to
attend the deliberations of the
twenty-ninth annual convention of the
American Bankers' Association, which be
gins to-day.
The advance guard of delegates which
arrived, last Sunday was added' to yester
day by the presence of hundreds of men
whose names are famous in national,
State and municipal circles as guardians
and investors of the bulk of the nation's
wealth.. . '. '' , . . T • . ¦ .
The United States Government is rep
resented in the gathering. by such men
as Ellis If. Roberti. Treasurer of the
United States, and William 'B. ' Rldgley,
Comptroller of the Currency! Heads of
banks and trust companies whose annual
business counts up into hundreds of mil
lions of dollars arrived in San • Francisco
yesterday to take part in the deliberation
of the convention" on finance.
Three special . trains reached Oakland
mole yesterday and .two will end their
transcontinental Journey to-day.- '
With the New York delegation .there
came to San Francisco come of the. most
prominent financiers of the country. The
Journey across the continent -;was made
In the most palatial train ' ever sent' from
the East to th« West. . - ¦ , - .
NEW YORKEBS ARRIVE.
Tho train was known- as "The Bankers'
Special" of the New" York' State Bank
ers' Association. . It consisted of eleven
cars of the New York Central' Railroad
and was especially made up -for the bank
ers. It consisted. of a'; tourist car- for the
servants and train help,' buffet, smoking,
bath and library. cars, five. new drawing
room and section cars, two dining cara,
one drawing-room car and a ladies' ob
servation car. . ' • . ¦ • : . . - -
SteaographerB, maids, . valets,, messen
gers and every . requisite of a modern ho-,
tel wero to bo«fo»nd on . the -train. ¦ Two
pianos and a music ¦ and L readinc . library
wero part of ,tho special train's equip
ment and the | bankers J and' .their ' friends
were loud In- expressing commendation of
the service f urnlsned - by tho Vanderbilt
management.' ,- * •
The New Yorkers arrived ; at j Oakland
mole at 4:30 yesterday morning and the
train was sidetracked ' until • 7 • o'clock,
when the visitors came across the bay.
Milton Courtrlght ! Roach, general; Fast
em passenger agent ' of the - Vanderbilt
system of railroads, was In charge of "the
delegation, which consisted .-'of tho .^fol
lowing persons: T . - ' '}'-' •
BEPEESENT WEALTH../
Charles G. Allen and wife, cashier Portland
National Bank, Portland. Me.: .William C
Allen and wife, with C.-G. Allen. • Portland.
Me.; J. I* Antrim. . director State Bank of
Virginia. Richmond. Va,; Colonel James R.
Branch and wife, secretary American Bankers'
Association. New York; Joseph G. Brown,
president Citizens' National Bank. Raleigh N.
C; Miss Josephine Brown, with J. G. .Brown,
Ralelch, N. C; F\ 'tf. Benhara and wife,
cashier Bridgeport . National Bank. BrldReport.
Conn. ; Philip a - Babcock, trust officer Colonial
Trust Company New .York; A. W*. Burnett
assistant cashier • Second National Bank
Orange. N. J.; Miss Louise Bahnson, with P*
H. Fries, Wlnston-Saiem. N. C: David Crom
well and wife, president First National Bank
White Plains. N. Y.; J. Elwood Cox and yife
president . Commercial National Bank Hirh
Point. N.C.; 8amuel S. Conover, vice president
Irving National Bank, -. New ¦ York ; Alfred 11
Curtis and wife, cashier National Bank of
North America, New' York: ' Alexander • D.
CuasbtU. aw is tan t caehier Hanover NaUonai
BtroRg men at the head means good service for
you. Mys»ll-RoIlin!-,22 Clay.printer*&blnders. •
X-OS ANGELES WANTS THEM.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. p.— The Los An
ffeles delegation to the cflnwntlon of the
American Bankers' Association at San
Francisco left to-nig:ht In a special car
attached to the Owl train. The local
bankers will urge all delegates from
Eastern cities to visit Los Angeles and
accept the hospitality of Southern Cali
fornia. The Southern California bankers
carried Trlth them a plenteous 6upply of
the products of the soil, such as fresh
fruits and the extracts of fruits. ' Head
quarter* 'will be at the Grand Hotel,
where Eastern bankers will bo enter
tained.
And secure a pair of ladles' fine kid shoes. in
any size or style. All high grade' shoes, < worth
from $3 a pair up, and price to-morrow.
Wednesday. 35c a pair. Also 2000 pairs ladles'
and ' misses' house slippers for 1 25c : a pair.'
Be eure and come." Busy Be* Shoo Co '¦ 1029
Market «t..* above 61xtX - - •-'""¦••
Bring 35c, No More,
FAMOUS MEN" OF FINANCE.
Among the prominent men who arrived
James Lloyd. Parson, cashier Chemical Na
tional Bank, New York; N. H. Prouty ..and
wife, assistant to the president of. the Inter
national ¦ Correspondence, Schools, Scranton,
Pa.; . Ellis . H. Roberts,. Treasurer of- the
United States. Washington, D. C; .William B.
Rldgley, Cqnfptroller' of the Currency, Wash
ington, D. C; Herbert A. Rhoades, cashier
People's. National Bank, Boston, Mass. ; Fred-'
eric - W. • Ruec. . cashier National Rockland
Bank, Boston, Mas* ; Delmar flunkle, cashier
People's National Bank. Uooslck Falls, N. T.;
Milton .Courtrlght Roach, general Eastern pae
sengrer ag^nt of the N. T. C. and H. R. R.,
Mrs. Milton Courtrlght Roach and Miss Claire
W. Roach. New York; J. T.. Sawyer, president
of Citizens' . National Bank, and Miss E.- L.
Sawyer, Waverly, N. Y.; Edward vL. r Stone,
president Century Banking and . Safe Deposit
Company, Roanoke, Va.; E. Quincy Smith and
wife, and Miss Smith, vice-president .Union
Savings Bank, Washington. . D. C; J. G.
SchmMzel. cashier of Chemical .National
Bank. N«w York; F. S. Sexton, cashier
Fulton County National Bank. Olovers
vllle, N. Y.; C. F. Shlllaber, cashier Na
tional Mechanics' and Traders' Bank.
Portsmouth., N. H. ; Herbert ¦ H. .Swa*ey . and
wife, secretary Guardian Trust Company, New:
York;- William -W. Smith, director. Fallkill Na
tional Bank. Poughkeepsle N. .Y.; Richard H.
Swartwout. Courtlandt, Babcock & Co., New
York; Malcplm D.- Simpson, official stenograph
er. New York: Joseph H. Trlpp and wife pres
ident- First National Bank, Marathon, 'N.,Y.;.
C. • C. Thompson, cashier Seaboard -. National
Bank, New.. York;- James Thome, assistant
cashier Consolidated " National Bank, - New
York; Charles F. Van Inwegen and wife, pres
ident First National Bank, Port Jervis N.
Y. ; John R. Van Wagenen and wife p'rect
dent First , National Bank Oxfora •¦ N Y-
Miss 'Mabel Vann with Joseph G.- Brown Ra
leigh, N. C; Q...S. Whltson and wife vice
president National City Bank, New York; Clark
Williams, vice president United States Mort
gage and 'Trust Company, New York; Charles
Elliot Warren and "wife and Mlsa Warren
cashier Lincoln National Bank, New York;
Merrltt N. Willlts.Jr. and wife, cashier Corn
Exchango National Bank, Philadelphia; Gilbert
A. Wright and wife, superintendent North- and
East . River S." B. Company, New • York*
W.O.. F1U Wilson, assistant secretary of tho
Bankers' Association, New York- Mrs. Henri
etta Ficken.. with. Mlsa Ltberta II. Jahn, New
York; Stephen M. Grlswold and wife, president
of Union Bank. Brooklyn. N. Y. ; John F.
Glenn, cashier \ of Merchants' National 'Bank
Richmond. - Va. ; Charles B. Graham and wife'
director Merchants' National Bank, New Ha
ven,'Conn.; Miss Graham, with Mr. C. E. Gra
ham; C. W. Hammond and wife. Edward T
Hul*t and wife, A. V. Heely and 'wife E F*
Holden, Charles C. Haviland, Mrs. Joseph ¦ i/
Hall, William Fray James. 'Miss m'
L. Johnson, Mrs. H. B. Jagoe. Mrs ¦
J. F. Jagoe. G. W. Kendall and wife'
George F. Lewis, G. B. Latlmer and . wife'
Wlllla-n C. le Gendre. C. S. Mersick, Miss Mer
elck. J. R. ' McAllister, John C. Mills and wife
William E. McComb and wife, E. L. Mllmlne'
William J. Nevious, Hon. C. A. Pugsley and
wife. John A. Potter and. wife, D. IL-Pierson.
Bank. New York: S. W." Conklln and wife,
director Patchoeue Bank PatchOKue. , N. : Y. ;
Miss Daisy W. Conklln. with S. W. Conklln.
Patchogue. N. Y. ; J. H. de Ridder. president
New York State Cankers' Association. Sara
toca. N. Y. : William H. Devlin • and - wife,
cashier Jefferson National Bank, New York:
William B. Davenport, attorney at law, Brook
lyn, N. Y. ; Miss Annie Duncan, with Joseph
fl. Brown, t Raleigh, N. C. ;¦ : Thomas H.
Eaton, cashier Chapman 'National- Bank.. Port
land. Me.; F. H. Fries and wife,- president
Wachovia Loan and Trust Company,. Wlnston-
Salem, N. C. ; Miss Eleanor Fries., with F. H.
Fries. Wlnston-Salem, N. C; William Fel
singer. president New York Savings Bank,
New York; J. B. Fishburn, vice-president Na
tional Exchange Bank, Roanoke, Va. ; . Louis
BJ Farley- and wife, . cashier, Merchants' and
Planters' National Bank. Montgomery. Ala.;
II. B. Fonda, assistant cashier National" Bank
of Commerce. New York.
Dime : Savings -Institution . of ¦ New York'
will speak on "Some Thought 'on ¦ Bond
Accounts," Lucius Teter, cashier- of . the
Chicago Savings Bank, will- speak on
"Savings Bank Advertising,"' and ¦¦Willis
Payne, president of the Consolidated
Bank of New York, will deliver an ad
dress on "Savings Banks That Have
Failed." • - ......
¦ Great questions of finance and the han
dling and : investment: of wealth . will; be
the topics, to come before the delegate to
the convention of the bankers. .. ¦
Caldwell Hardy, president of the Ameri
can ¦ Bankers' Association, 'will call the
convention' to : order 'and .prayer will , be
offered -by Bishop Nichols of the Episco
pal j diocese of. California. '-' Governor Par
dee, Mayor Schmitz and James Da Fhe
lan will deliver addresses 'of welcome and
reports S of . officers ¦' will be • submitted for
approval. . . • '.. .. \ : 7 .'¦.'.. /u
WUjI» DISCUSS TTNANCH ¦ -
• L..*P.-HIIlyer of the American National
Bank of -Macon, Ga.," will ".deliver, an ad
dress on "Money 'Orders of'Bankers'-As
sociation" • to-morrow, and 'questions of
practical banklng..will:be discussed by. the
delegates. •• A* committee 'to nominate _offl-'
cers for the ensuing year will then- be" ap-'
pointed. ¦ . ,',..., k
¦ On'Thursday the principal . paper to.be
read to the convention will be .by. William
B. RIdgrely, Comptroller of the Currency,
his subject being "The Business Situation
and the Currency." "¦ '
J. E. McAshan of Houston, '*. Tex., will
follow with an address on "The I Money
Supply: of the United. States," and/aftera
discussion of practical banking business
methods, • the delegates | will. ; by . States,
present statements as to the general con
dition of business in their respective • lo
calities. ¦ '¦¦ ...,-••
On T Friday, the convention will hear, an
address by Ellas H. Roberts," Treasurer of
the United States, his subject being. "Ef
fects of the Inflow, of Gold." The address
will ¦• deal, with -.the trusts and the general
financial conditions of the country. =
¦¦-" J.B. Flnley of Pittsburg,' Pa... will speak
on ."Education of : Bank. Clerks," and the
convention will close with the election- and
installation of officers for the • ensuing
year.
Wilson and wife, cashier Bank of Relnbeck,
Relnbeck, la. : J. C. Curtis and wife, Clinton.
la. ;¦ Scott Field, cashier Merchants' Savings
Bank. Battle Creek. Mich.: W. S. Clough. with
F. rS. Mose'ley & Co.. Chicago; .W. "W. Tracy,
Tracy :& Co., -Chicago; Preston ' Hussey, presl
dent;N"atlonaI State Bank. Terre Haute, Ind.;
C.L.. Farrell, vice president Fort Dearborn Na
tional . Bank. Chicago: E. . M. Gtlkerson and
wife, cashier Second National Bank, Parkers
burg. - W. — Va. ; -Mr: - X«lly • and • wife,- cashier
Wood County Bank, Park*rsburg, XV. Va.; J.
Kempr Bartlett. vice president United States Fi
delity- and- Guarantee Company, Baltimore, Md.;
CD. Gano, Standard Oil Company. Chicago:
H.*M. "Boon,' Chicago? A. 8. Beymer and wife,
cashier Keystone Bank, Tittsburg. Pa.; Miss
Beymer.' PltUburg. Pa.; C. M. Preston and
party, cashier Hamilton Trust and Savings
Bank, Chattanooga.. Tenn. : It. Drake.' cashier
Merchants'" National Hank. Omaha. Neb.; J.
O. Baglin, Plttsburg. .Pa.; W. Y. Barnett. edi
tor'Banking and Mercantile World, Chicago;
Thomas . Hefteran, . president .People's Savings
Bank, >Grand Rapids, Mich.; Mr. Gallup and
wife,- Buffalo. N. Y.; G.:G. Hunter, manager
Northwestern -Banker, ¦ Des • Molnes. la.: W.
McB. Connell and wife.- cashier Oakland Bank.
Pittsburgh Pa.;- A. W.- Culbertson. the Econo
mist. Chicago: -F.;F..Pruyn, .cashier Merchants'
National Bank.- Glens Falls. .N. Y.; F. A. Sey
mour, » cashier Fourth National ! Bank, Battle
Creek.' Mich.; J. C. Ford. Grand Rapids. Mich.;
V. E. Nichols /and wife, cashier First National
Bank, Englewood.-»Chlc»go;^A. . .II. Patterson,
cashier ¦ Duquesne National - Bank. Pittsburgh.
Pa.; J. Ji^Jennings, cashier City Deposit Bank.
Columbus. Ohio; .A. P. Shoemaker, Plttsburit.
Pa.; A. H. Wagener. cashier First National
Bank, Jollet. 111.; H. M. Wilson. Pittsburg.
Pa. ;-F. P. Judson,' cashier Bankers" National.
Chicago; D. C. Morrison, Plttsburg, Pa.; V.
T.. Barker, cashier Home Savings Bank, Kala
mazoo. Mich. : Mrs. S. A. Hutchison, Chicago;
F." G. Blgelow and wife. . president First Na
tional Bank. Milwaukee. .Wls.; C. B. Mills and
wife, cashier People's Trust and Savings Bank.
Clinton. 'la.*; George F. Orde and wife, cashier
Northern -Trust Company, Chicago; Dr. Chatn
berlln. Chicago;' CJazzam Gano, wife and daugh
ter, cashier Central Trust and Safe Deposit
Company, Cincinnati. Ohio; Ira D. Buck and
wlfe.j second vice • president Illinois National
Bank. . Peorla,. III. ; W. Iv Moyer. president Na
tional Shoo and 'Leather Bank. New York; W.
I*.' -Wilder, New. York City: Arthur Heurtley,
secretary ¦ Northern Trust Company. Chicago:
H.R.. Dennis., president Sioux. Falls Savings
Bank. Sioux Falls, S. D.: J. I* Edwards, cash
ier Merchants' National Dank. Burlington. la. ;
A. " W. Odenheimer and wife, president Citi
zens* State Bank,' Eagle Grove. "la.; J. P. Fin
ley and wife. . president Fifth .National Bank
Pittsburg, Pa.; J. D. Safford. president City
National Bank. Springfield. Mass. ; F. B. Ice
land, president Detroit United Bank. Detroit
Mich.; H. R. Lyon and wife, president First
National Bank,- Mandan.'N. D.; J. H. Holmes
and wife. Cleveland. Ohio; Arthur Lee. assist
ant ' canhier First National Bank. Newport
News. Va.; C. 8. Castle and wife, cashier Fed
eral Trust and Savings Bank. Chicago; J. A.
Herron and wife. Alexander * Co.. Mononra
hela. Pa.; Edward Bromley. Philadelphia: W.
A. Weber. Philadelphia; Mr. and Mrs. J. S.
Sterling, Cincinnati; Mr. and Mrs. B. T. Reed
Pittsburg; Halstead Rhodes. Mason, Lewis &
Co.. Philadelphia;. A. F. White, manager of
Banking Law Journal. New York: Frank Knox.
president National Bank ' of Republic. Sale
Lake; G. S. . Holmes and Miss Holmes of Salt
Lake.
REPRESENTS BBOWN BEOS.
Young.. Member of. Firm Inspects
I*ocal Street Railway Service.
' Among the. younger element of the an
nual gathering of the bankers Is Thatcher
N. Brown' ' of Brown •; Bros.', Baltimore.
The same firm Is also one of the largest
financial' Institutions In -New York, and
was | prominently ' ,' identified " '¦ as a fiscal
agent in the original negotiations for the
purchase of the San Francisco street rail
way! lines." The Baltimore Syndicate, rep
resented by ¦ George Webb of that city,
first . undertook to , buy the San Francisco
and San . Mateo road ' and . after securing
their bond they placed the matter In the
hands of the Maryland Trust. Company of
Baltimore, which failed yesterday.
. Eventually the deal • with ; the San Ma
teo-road and' the reports concerning the
other, roads; in this city, were carried to
New-York, where the big i purchase was
CHICAGO DELEGATES AIIIUVE.
Vice President and Treasurer of As
sociation in the Party.
¦"« The Orde special of five Pullmans, con
taining the majority of, the Chicago dele
gates to the convention and a number of
other delegates : and . representatives of
commercial journals from various parts
of the East and Middle West, arrived in
this city early, last evening. The party
numbered nlnety-flve and included among
its more distinguished . members F. . Q.
Blgelow, president of the First National
Bank of Milwaukee, and George F.~ Orde,
cashier of the Northern ' Trust i Company
of Chicago. Mr. Bigelow Is the vice presi
dent of the National' Bankers', Associa
tion : and is ; the only,; candidate . so • far
mentioned ' for " the nomination : for : the
presidency. of the organization.. Mr. Orde
is , .treasurer , of the . national; association
and it was under his, personal direction
that , the Chicago ¦ special • was organized.
The majority - of . the party, . including, the
gentlemen; named, , are - staying : at » the
Palace.
* Those who composed ¦ the ¦ Orde '.' party
were the following:
: K ¦ J- :> Lowry arid . wife; president - Lowry Na
tional Bank, Atlanta, Ga.;- Chandler- Starr,
president Rockford' Clearing-house 'Association.
Rockford, '*I1L; * John McCarthy, assistant
cashier Continental National Bank. .Chicago; -W.
F. Barnes, president- Manufacturers' National
Bank, Rockford,: 111. ; C. M. Keck, -vice presi
dent Citizens' National Bank, Washington, la. ;
F. II. Smith and wife, assistant cashier Wash
ington ' National "Bank/ Waihington, "!*.'; : JobA
The most Important ' paper to be ¦ read
to-day before r the • trust company section
will; be one by Hon. Lyman J.-Gage, -ex-
Secretary i of • the .Treasury, - his > topic be
ing "The Problem of -Wealth and ¦ the
Trust Company as Trustee." -
P. T. Babcock, trust , officer . of the
Colonial Trust , Company of . New -York,
will deliver 'an address on "A Varied and
Profitable Feature 'of Trust Company
Business." : A' report will also be present
ed > by , a special committee -appointed' to
formulate a system for the audit of; trust
companies. ; ' •« ¦.'?«;•
' In- the -savings bank section ¦' "William
Hanhart of New York will deliver an ; ad
dress ,; on "Trust 'Accounts In Savings
Banks," Charles E. Sprague of the Union
LYMAN J. t GAGE TO SPEAX.
The delegates who reached San Francis
co yesterday spent-the day- in social en
joyment. Tho headquarters at the Palace
Hotel were thronged by the.vlsltors.-and
the work of registration and the issuance
of identification* cards 'was tho only work
performed.. 1 •• • ¦ - . .. ».
-The headquarters have been ; elaborately
decorated. • Pictures, . works of. art, col
lections of curios and . flowers ¦ have been
utilized In tho. decoration of tho rooms,
and a novel Idea Is presented in a'"grape
arbor," which occupies one corner of /the
Maple room. ' Huge grape vines, loaded
down .with, luscious fruit, have! been "fas
tened to a framework, .which reaches : to
the celling:. ....
The various clubs In the city have open
ed their doors : wlde ; to the "visiting; bank
ers, and many, pleasant, parties gathered
at; Informal receptions yesterday. Henry
J. Crocker, • Republican ; candidate.; for
Mayor, was given a, hearty greeting last
evening In the courtyard of "the Palace
Hotel when he was pointed out to the
visitors.
"While the main • work of the American
Bankers', convention commences to-mor
row morning, many of the dele-gates will
begin . their; duties this morning. '
The trust company section and the sav
ings bank sectlon^of the main association
will hold their> conventions , to-day.' The
trust company section will meet this
morning at the California Theater at 10
and the savings bank section convenes at
the Academy of Sciences- building at. 3
this afternoon. The California Bankers'
Association will also convene j to-day,
holding sessions at 10 a.m. and 3 p. m.
at . Steinway • Hall, 223 Sutter street.
BUSY AT ' HEADQUARTERS.
.The . general j trend; of; conversation
among, the prominent financiers j was • of
the enormous prosperity, of • the country-
They all ; agreed' that the '.prosperity was
proven by. the. fact that no. panic had fol
lowed the vast shrinkage of value of se
curities ln'the'last few months: - '
• Caldwell' Hardy,- president of'.the:Nor
folk National Bank of Norfolk, Va., • ar
rived yesterday, on ,' the regrular overland
train, and was escorted to the* Palace, Ho
tel by the local -reception c§mmlttee.s. . .
• Colonel James »n. Branch, secretary of 'the
American Bankers'. Association, who is a fa
mous. 'Wall street figure; G. S. Whltson. vice
president .of the National City ¦ Bank' of . New
Vork City, which is said to be. . the largest
bank In the world; C. A.' Pugsley, presidents of
the "Westchester County National" Bank- 'of.
Peeksklll, N. V.. and Congressman of the Six
teenth District of New York; J.- R. •McAllister,
vice president of the Franklin National -Bank
of j Philadelphia, a member ¦ of the executive
council of the Rankers' Association; Charlea.
niliott Warren, cashier of the Lincoln National
Bank of New York; Phil -S. Babcock. trust of
ficer of the Colonial Trust Company- of ¦ New
York; Albert Atlee Jackson, vice president, of
the Glrard Trust Company of Philadelphia,
and Clark Williams,- -vice , president '¦ of the
United States Mortgage and Trust Company of
New York. . ¦ . •. . : ; .. , . ¦ . ('
with the-New York delegation are:
Headquarters of City's Visitors Present Brilliant
Scene and Guests Are Warmly Welcomed ,
Guardians of Country's Wealth Are a Unit in Declaring That the Prosperity
Now Existing Is fiot Menaced by Decline in Stock Values.
The chamber appointed a committee of in-
CUlry. which was authorized, if found practi
cable, to prepare a scheme of labor concilia
tion adapted to the needs of the
I>ort of lyondon. I was chairman of that com
rr.lttre and presented its unanimous report,
which wae adopted by the chamber. After
full discussion the chamber authorized the
formation cf a conciliation board.
Omitting minor details the board was and
is cumi-osed of twelve members representing
employers, who ere annually elected by the
council of the chamber, and of twelve repre
««entaUve8 of labor, annually elected by the
i'lepa'.es of the trades unions of London, all
the London trades unions being annually in
vjt»d to elect these delegates. An equality of
voting pow«-r to the members of the board is
j-rov|de<i for. The methods of the board con
eirt firstly, on hearing of any labor dispute
within the metropolitan district, of an offer of
It* f'n-iccB to both disputants, and of an in
vitation to a friendly conference, on neutral
grround. that is, in the rooms of the Chamber
of Commerce. Where conciliation has not tsuc
ce»^j«i. recourse to arbitration under the
¦vUFplces of the board Is recommended. I have
tak^n part sj> chairman In almost all the ar
bitrations which have been conducted under
the aucpices of the board since its commence
tnent.
Cnrnmon n :.*> calls loudly to both parties
to co-oi^rate to a preater extent than ever be
fore in the endeavor to remove many obstacles
which are hindering the maintenance and
rrowth of the trade which nourishes both la
bor and rupital. and amo::g those impediments
none Is more mlFchirvous than the habit of
rrFortln*: to Ftrikes and lockouts as a method
c-.l making those bargains between capital and
labor which rr.un frum time to time be. made
and r»-made. However inevitable some of those
Cftr.test* may have appeared to have been in
tsmeu pa>t. the enlightened opinion of our
whole British community demands that less
disastrous and le*« barbarous methods of ad
justment should prevail In the futnre.
In lfc:»9 the L«ondon Chamber of Commerce
was railed upon hy a large number of Its
members to take pome action In consequence
of calamities arising in the port of London
cut of the serious dispute between the dock di
re«ters and their workmen.
CO-OPEBATION UECESSABY.
The tuceess of. all endeavors to promote in
dustrial peace must result from the joint efforts
ef *-mj.l«yer» and employed to arrange their
aviation* with each other by a pystem based
upon the mutual exercise of conscience and
common ser.iw. Writers on political economy
ar*> nut infallible, but I think that Professor
Marshall was not far wronc when he said
"Economic laws and reasonings, in fact, are
merely part of the material of which conscience
tnd common sense have to make use in solving
practical problems and in laying down rules
which may be a puide in life." Conscience
should t«-arh both employer and employed that
neither should depart from the justice and
equity epitomized in the axiom, "A fair day's
work for a fair day's wage."
Mr. Boulton has analyzed the relations
between capital and labor, or employer
tnd rmplcyed, and is a recognized au
thority on labor economics. He says the
prosperity of any Individual enterprise re
quires three essential factors— capital, la
bor, and last but not least, controlling
capacity— capacity to initiate, to direct, to
manage. Continuing the discussion he
old:
STUDENT OF ECONOMICS.
I <lo not believe In compulsory arbitration.
I don't think It is possible anywhere. The
question* laid before the board for adjustment
are brought to It voluntarily. No labor or
ganization Is compelled to have its labor dif
ficulties arbitrated by our board merely be
cause It ha* representatives on the board.
S. B. Boultonr chairman of the London
Labor Conciliation and Arbitration Board,
accompanied by his wife and son, arrived
from Honolulu yesterday on the eteam-
Ehlp Sierra and registered at the Palace.
The gentleman and his family are en
route to London afur a visit to Hawaii
by way of Canada.
The board of which Mr. Boulton has
teen chairman for the last twelve years
Is an important factor In the settlement
of differences between capital and labor
in England. It is composed of twelve
members selected from the London Cham
ber of Commerce and a similar number
from the various trades unions. The
board at all times stands ready to arbi
trate all disputes that are voluntarily laid
before it and during its twelve years'
existence it is claimed that it has accom
plished much in its way in the English
metropolis. Discussing the work of the
board Mr. Boulton said last evening:
London Conciliation and
Arbitration Board
Chairman Here.
LABOR PROBLEM
BOULTON' STUDY
HUNDREDS of prominent bankers of the United States who will attend the annual convention
of the American Bankers' Association in this city arrived yesterday. To-day the first work of
the visiting bankers will commence. The Trust .Company section of the Bankers' Association
meets this morning in the California Theater, when addresses will be delivered by Hon. Lyman J.
Gage, ex-Secretary of the Treasury ; P. T. Babcock of New York and other . prominent financiers.
The Savings Bank section will convene this afternoon at 3, in the Academy of Sciences building, Mar
ket street, near Fourth. Prominent bankers will -read papers at the gathering. The California
Bankers' Association will- meet to-day at 10 a. m. and 3 p. m. at Steinvvay Hall, 322 Sutter street. The
main association of the bankers will begin its duties to-morrow moring at the California Theater and
will meet daily, morning and afternoon, until Friday next. The Century . Club will tender a i reception
to the ladies of the delegates to the convention at the club rooms, 121 5 Sutter street, from 4
to 6 p. m. The State Board of Trade will give a reception to the visitors this afternoon.
MEN PROMINENT IN THE WORLD OF FINANCE ARE HERE TO ATTEND THE NATIONAL
CONVENTION OF THE AMERICAN BANKERS' ASSOCIATION THAT OPENS TO-MORROW
GUTS BUILDING,
RETAINS SPACE
Filcher Is Back and Tells
of His Work at
St. Louis.
J. A. Fllcher of the California commis
sion to the St. Louis Exposition Is back
from St. Louis. His mission In the Ease
was to preserve to California the original
amount of floor room for exhibition pur
poses assigned to this State some months
ago and to open bids and award the con
tract for the construction of the Cali
fornia State building. He found that a
decision had been reached by the hea^
of a department to take away space fro Jb
this State in the Agricultural building.
As the allotment had been secured in the
regular order of business and as the com
missioners had In writing an agreement
as to what California was to have. Com
missioner Fllcher at once combated the
idea of any reduction.
On the basis of the original assignment.
which meant about 40,000 square feet of
floor Jn the agricultural building alone,
the understanding being that this was
Irrevocable, the California commissioners
have for some months been encouraging
the people of the State to provide ample
exhibits.
FILCHES IS FIRM.
If the room was to be cut down the
State commissioners would be compelled
to curtail their plans that were calculated
to give California the prominence in the
agricultural building to which its prod
ucts entitle It. Consequently Commis
sioner Fllcher vigorously asserted that he
would demand the space. If the head of
the department would not give It to him
he would take the matter up to the presi
dent; if that would not do it would go to
the directors; if this was unavailing he
was prepared to test the agreement In
court.
Commissioner Fllcher says that the
upshot of the discussion as to the Cali
fornia space was that while there has
been a rearrangement, it leaves this State
with the original amount of floor area for
show purposes and in a compact body
near the main entrance of the agrl—*
cultural building, which Is the star po
sition.
The bids for the construction of the
California building were found to range
from $26.COO up to $49,000. As the plans of
the commissioners Included an expendi
ture of only $13,(xX» for the building. It was
found necessary to revise them. A skilled
architect was called in to make the re
vision. The original architectural de
vice of having the building in the shape
of the Santa Barbara mission was re
tained. The, proportions were cut down
about one-fourth. Then bids were Invited.
This time the cost came Inside of the
$15,000 limit fixed by the commission.
BUILDING WELL ADVANCED.
The lowest bidder was Henry W.
Schlueter of Chicago, and to him the con
tract was awarded at the price of $14,873.
The next lowest bidder's figures wero
$1150 higher than Schlueter's. The suc-%
cessful bidder is constructing the trans
portation building, the fraternity build-
Ing, the Wisconsin State building and
several large structures on the Midway
at St. Louis. He is the largest Individual
contractor for the erection of buildings
in the United States. The State building
will be ample on its present lines, so Mr.
Fllcher says. In the original arrange
ment were Included many details that
were more elaborate than were found to
be necessary upon revision.
Commissioner Filcher says that the
buildings of the exposition are much
farther advanced than they were at Chi
cago at a corresponding time after the
construction work was begun. Of elevn '
large exposition buildings, seven are
completed. Around the California build
ing, which will stand on a hill, will be
gathered the Illinois State building, the
fraternity building, the Ferris wheel and
Jerusalem. The Japanese building will
be near. This hill Is now considered tr>
be a choice building site. The space there
Is all occupied.
Meeting for Mothers.
Mothers are cordially Invited to attend
the meeting at the Hearst Grammar
School In room 6 to-morrow at 3:15 p. m.
There will be pleasant talks, good music
and discussions on home subjects.
finally effected through the medium of
Brown Bros.
Shortly after his arrival yesterday
Banker Brown, accompanied by Manager
Chapman of the Ljilted Railroads, made
a tour of Inspection of the company's lines
and expressed himself as favorably Im
pressed with their apparent splendid con
dition. During his stay In this city the
young banker will be. quartered at tha
University Club.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL; TUESDAY. OCTOBER 20. 1903.
PROMINENT OFFICERS AND MEMBERS OF THE AMERICAN BANKERS' ASSOCIATION WHO ARRIVED IN SAN
FRANCISCO YESTERDAY AND WHO WILL. ADDRESS THE NATIONAL CONVENTION ON IMPORTANT SUB
JECTS CONNECTED WITH FINANCE; ALSO A PHOTOGRAPH OF VISITORS TAKEN ON THE FERRY-BOAT.
14
MARKS BROS.
2 Green Tradings
Stamps I
Instead of |
DOUBLE GREEN
TRADING
STAMPS GIVEN
TO ALL
PURCHASERS
TODAY.
Tempting Specials In Our
Skirt and Waist Depts.
Money refunded on all
goods not satisfactory
MARKS BROS.
=HO\EST VALUES=
1220-22-24 Market St
Bet. Taylor and Jones.
— Those who cough at night may secure real hj
.taking- FIso'b Cur« for Consumption, ___. •
Wedding: cake boxes, weddlnjr stationery. Ed-
ward 8. - Knowle», 24 -Becoml it. ;• Mala" 598." •
ADVEB.TISEMENT3.
DR. CHARLES FLESH FOOD
For the Form and Complexion.
•a^QP^Shi Has been success-
J(SC5&V7jaW fully used by l»a<l-
PLfStP' *&%£ lnif actresses. s!nn-
/pEfi?^ rrs and women of
r*nft&i3l fLiZrl fashion for rnor«
t!oE.W* \y*J than 23 years. i
IYJ3 «V ? Wherever appll^-y*
<*mJ It la Instantly ah-
W-jr . aorbed througti th«
IS <y poma of tli* skin.
1 and Its wonderful
Xr \^ nutrition feeds th«
.f • X^ wasting tissues.
frwss. BEMOVXBTO
» K As lf b y nia*ic. ons
" V.ToOt~^ \n a^'P'icaUon ort-.T
t lJim^ ,<44 » how « n * * remark-
. v Y*STll able Improvexaent.
DR. CHARLES FLESH FOOD is positively
the only preparation known to medical sclenca
that will round out hollows in the neck and
produce firm, healthy flesh oa thin cheeks.
arms and hands.
FOB DEVELOPIKQ TBT BTJ3T
Or breasta shrunken from nursing It has th«
hlfhest indorsement of physicians. Two boxes
are often sntflcient to mak» the bust Oral,
laree and beautiful.
SOLD BY THE EMPORIUM AND OTHEU
DEPARTMENT STORES AND DRUGGISTS.
Regular Drtce. >1.0O a box. but to all who
take advantage of this SPECIAL OFFER and
send us one dollar w» will send two (2) boxes,
in plain wrapper.
FD K v: — A aamole box «nd our book.
"< D P'ART OF MASSAGE," fully must
trated. will be sent free to any lady sending
10 cents to pay for cost of mailing. Address
DB. CHARLIE CO.. 1» Park Fix*. Wtw T«k.
b»^*L^l rt ft «^^