SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, AUGUST 6, 1903.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCIV— NO. 07.
OUTLAW ROBERTS, ONE OF THE ESCAPES FROM FOLSOM PRISON,
IS CAPTURED WHILE ASLEEP IN A THICKET NEAR DA VISVILLE
JAMES P. ROBERTS, one of the escaped convicts, was captured yesterday, white sleeping in
\ a thicket, near Davisville. The deputies covered him with their guns and he quittly submitted
to arrest. He informed his captors that he had been in Sacramento with Convict Hozvard,
and that they had parted company. It is believed that Howard is hiding in Yolo County. Blood
hounds were put on the trail of the other escapes, but failed to take up the scent.
ESCAPED CONVICT CAPTURED
NEAR DAVISVILLE, AND OUT
LAW WHO WAS WITH HIM.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 5.— In an effort
to reach the sick bed of his young daugh
ter Henry P. Lowe, chief engineer of the
United States Steel Corporation, is rush
ing across the Western prairies on a spe
cial train that promises to beat all trans
continental speed records, but in the race
with death that grim destroyer haa al
ready won, and all that is mortal of the
bright faced, happy, golden haired idol
of r the father's heart awaits hla coming
at an undertaking establishment. The lit
tle daughter Mary, aged 11 years, dleU
this morning at half past 4 o'clock.
Lowe ypent just half an hour in Chi
cago to-day and this time was consumed
in.transfering his baggage to the Dear
born-street station, where the Santa Fe
special was waiting for him. He reached
Chicago at 3:15 a. m. on the Twentieth
Century Limited and at 10:15 the special
started on the race to the coast.
The officials hope to land Lowe in Loa
Angeles by Friday evening and thereby
break all records for the trip across the
continent. The Twentieth Century Limited
train, which brought the steel magnate to
Chicago, left New York at 2:45 o'clock
Tuesday afternoon and It is expected the
trip to Los Angeles will be completed in
three days and five hours. Schedule time
for the Santa Fe limited train for Los
Angeles Is sixty-eight hours and the spe
cial's purpose Is to cut eight hours off this
time.
CHICAGO. Aug. 5i— Hurrying across ths
continent to reach his dying child. Henry
P. Lowe of New York, an official of the
United States. Steel Corporation,, to-day
engaged a special train on the Santa »
Railroad to carry him to Los Angeles, •
Cal. His orders to the Chicago officials of
the road were to spare no expense. The
Santa Fe people are endeavoring to break
all previous records with the train which
is carrying Mr. Lowe a distance of 2263
miles. The journey from here will cost
tZ a mile, or $45S!> for the special.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Steel Magnate Hur
ries to Child's
Bedside.
While Roberts was in the Davisville jail he was interviewed bv a Call
representative. At first 'he declined to talk to a newspaper man. btrt later
was induced to tell something about his flight. He began bv declaring
that the report' that the convicts cut Warden ; Wilkinson*s clothes was false.
They were all rifcht when Wilkinson was released, he said, and if they were
slashed when he returned to prison the -Warden did it' himself.
Roberts was dressed in a striped shirt, brown pantaloons and a dark vest.
He carried a pair. of tan shoes. besides the heavy leather ones he wore. The Jailer
came in with . supper for Roberts while The Call representative was In the cell.
He ate heartily and -as a result- talked with; more ¦ freedom. • He 'expressed the
opinion" that the prison authorities wanted- to hang him ; for the murder of Guard
Cotter. He declared. he was innocent of any complicity in that crime. He sa.'d he
was in the laundry, when the fight in the office- occurred 'and joined the conspira
tors while they, were on the, way, to the armory. '
The officers \ are of the \ opinion that Roberts is, the. man who carried out the
dynamite to blow. up. the gate and abandonedit when the gate was opened by a
som who knows both Roberts and Howard, but . they , found no trace of
either of the meii wanted. . They were about to abandon the search in that
"direction when one of the. officers suggested a thicket on the south side of
the creek known as Hamel Island. About'three hundred yards from the rail
road bridgethe posse suddenly came upon 'Roberts lying under a tree. He
had been asleep," and awoke to find the officers : covering him with their
guns. He was armed. with a"45-caliber revolver, but as resistance was hope
less he held up his hands when commanded,' until, they were handcuffed. He
made no attempt to deny his identity, but insisted that he parted with How
ard in Sacramento and made the trip to Davisville alone. He was taken to
the Davisville jail, where he" was confined, until the officers made a further
but fruitless search for- Howard,. The, Sacramento posse took the prisoner in
a surrey and left for Sacramento about 6 o'clock to-night, going by way of
Elkhorn, hoping to induce him en route to give them information concern
ing the other convicts. e .
DENIES THAT CONVICTS CUT WARDEN'S CLOTHES.
«r w jp-OODLAND, Aujr. 5.— J. P. Roberts, the oldest of the Fol-
U Jfi ¦/ som outlaws who broke prison July 27, was captured near
b/H/ '•„• Davisville late this afternoon by posses representing the Sher-
Wr -:F . iff's offices of Sacramento. and Yolo counties. The Sheriff's
office' was notified to meet about noon to-day Sheriffs posse
from Sacramento at Davisville. Under Sheriff Brown and
Deputy Sheriff Griffin responded. They met Deputies, Reese, Hinter and
Wintcrbrock of Sacramento and Officers Ilainlino and Johnson of Davisville.
This sudden movement' was the result of a tip received at the Sheriffs office
in Sacramento that Roberts and Howard left Sacramento this morning, "going
in the direction of Davisville. .... ,- «
After consultation the officers divided into -two squads and began to
search the bushes that border Putah 1 Creek. . Brown and Johnson went to a
point half. a mile west. of town to intercept anybody that the other squad
might start out of the brush. , : The second 'squad scouted "on both sides ofthe
creek as far, west as the old county .road bridge,' where they came upon a
camp of. hobos.. . ¦^r^H**"'""^-*^.'^-'*^
WEARY FUGITIVE IS FOUND ASLEEP : UNDER A TREE.
In the tramp camp they found an ex-convict recently, released : from Fol-
Prisoner Tells of His Flight and Confirms
Report That Allison Killed Himself.
TRAIN SPEEDS
WEST IN RAGE
W1TH DEATH
„¦ Continued on Page: 2, : Columns 2 and P
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 5.— According
to advices from EHsibathgrad the Jewish
emigration to America from the province
of Kherson is rapidly increasing. Three
hundred Jews ' started for the United
States - in -June, while ; during July fully
ten to twenty, families left daily 'for: the
same destination. ,. .'
Jewish Emigration to America;
WASHINGTON. Aug. 5.— The President
ha« designated Lieutenant General Young
to command the army from August 8, the
date of the retirement of General Miles,
until August 15, when the general staff
law. goes into effect and the office of the
commanding general of the army is dis
pensed with. General Young thus be
comes the last commanding general; and
the first chief of staff, although. he will
bold the position only a short time
AMERICAN ARMY'S LAST
COMMANDING GENERAL
DUBLIN, Aug. 5.— At the instigation of
Dr. Robert Emmet of New York, an ex
amination was made' to-day of the grave
supposed to' be that of the patriot, Em
met. A skeleton was found, said to be
that of a man 6 feet high, whereas Em
met was only 5 feet 7 inches.
A curious circumstance in connection
with the examination was that the skull,
instead of being found lying prone at the
head of the trunk, was found lying in an
upright position, which as Emmet was
beheaded, may strengthen the theory that
the remains were his. But the matter is
still regarded as doubtful.
EXAMINATION IS MADE
OF EMMET'S GRAVE
Skeleton Found Is Too Long to Be
'(.'. l% That of the Irish
Patriot.
It seems probable that the rioting will
continue throughout the night. The mob
shows no signs of dlspeVsal. At midnight
they were marching to attack the prefec
ture.
PARIS, Aug. 6.— The morning papers re
port serious rioting, in progress at
L'Orlent, on the coast of Brittany, where
labor troubles have been brewing for
several days. Last night the rioters
attacked the military club over the Grand
Cafe. They also stoned and broke shop
windows. The military was called out,
but the rioters put out the street lights
and erected barricades. The cavalry
charged and j rode down the mob, the
troopers striking men with the fiat of
their swords.
Cavalry Charges the Mob, Which
Refuses to Disperse and
Marches to Attack.
BIOTING STBIKEKS EBECT
BARRICADES IN STREETS
Mclllhatton experienced immediate re
lief and tho operation was pronounced
flawless. The explosion of the electrical
current caused coagulation of the con
tents of the aneurism, which thereby
shrank, relieving the pressure upon lungs
and larynx.-
The wire was then connected with a
galvanic battery and the circuit was com
pleted by the placing of a negative plate
upon the patient'B back and a current of
five milliamperes was turned on. This
was increased at regular intervals until
it had attained the strength of eighty
milliamperes and one -hour's time had
been consumed. '•/¦ \
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 5.— The life of
Frank Mclllhatton has been saved by an
exceedingly rare surgical operation. The
man was suffering from an aneurism, or
dilation, of the great artery, which ex
tended three inches above the base of
the breastbone and was three and a half
inches wide. As a result of this enlarge
ment he had become unable to swallow
and had great difficulty in breathing and
suffered excruciating pains in the head.
To save his life it was necessary to reduce
the aneurism and to do that the hospital
physicians had recourse to what is known
as the "Corridls operation." Mclllhatton
was able to talk to his wife five minutes
after the task of the surgeons was com
pleted and is reported as doing well.
The operation was performed by Pro
fessor E. W. Holmes, surgeon in chief
of the Samaritan Hospital, assisted by
Dr. Dietrich, Dr. Snively and Dr. Finck.
Many prominent men in the profession
were spectators. Cocaine was applied
to the affected portion of the aorta, the
disease lying In the transverse section,
or arch of the artery. A hollow, porce
lain-covered needle was introduced into
the aneurism and a section of gold wire
fifteen feet long was passed through the
hollow of the instrument and permitted
to coll in the diseased region.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Electric Wire Is
Coiled Around
Artery.
UNUSUAL
OPERATION
SAVESS LIFE
ENFORCING
THE PURE
FOOD LAW
AMERICA'S CARDINAL AND
PRELATES WHOM POPE PIUS
MAY ELEVATE.
Francis Joseph's Action
Instigated by the
Kaiser.
/Cargoes of Twenty
Ships Will Be
. ; Held Up.
EpeelaJ Dispatch to The Call.
CALL. BUREAU. 1*06 G STREET. N.
TV.. "WASHINGTON*. Aug. 5.— Vigorous
enforcement of the law prohibiting the
Importation of Impure food from foreign
eountrle* wa« begun to-day, when Sec
retary Wilson of th© Department of Ag
riculture filed a request with Secretary
cf the Treasury Shaw to hold up twenty
cargoes of food products now known to
be on the way to this country from for
eign ports. What these cargoes are and
from what ports they come no one in
either department to-day would make
known, but the information was supplied
by American Consuls abroad.
The law authorizes the Secretary of the
Treasury to open suspected packages and
deliver specimens to the Secretary of Ag
riculture, giving notice to the owners or
consignees, so that they may introduce
testimony. Pending this Investigation
the article! are not to be delivered for
distribution, and, in case they are found
dangerous to heslth or falsely labeled,
admission will b« refused.
6p£:l«J Cable to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright. 1903. by the New York
HersJd PubllehJngr Company.
ROME. Aug. B.— The news .that- the
Austrian Emperor vetoed the elec
tion of Cardinal Rampolla has been
confirmed by.' all of - tho Cardinals.
In the ballot taken on Saturday after
noon Cardinal Rampolla obtained twenty
nine votes, an increase on the. morning
ballot. On Sunday morning Cardinal
Gruscha received a telegram from Em
peror Francis Joseph containing his veto
against Cardinal ' Rampolla. Cardinal
Gruscha showed this dispatch to Cardinal
On>glia . and the Camerlingo communi
cated the information to the Sacred Col
lege before the vote was taken.
The veto caused a profound sensation,
as it was absolutely unexpected. Car
dinal Rampolla at once, stood up. Ho
was very pale. He declared he felt quite
unworthy of being elected Pope and that
the veto did not disculet his conscience,
for he had always • acted exclusively in
the interests of the church.
Cardinal Oreglia delivered a similar
speech of pretest In the- ballot which
succeeded Cardinal Hampolla obtained one
vote more than on the previous day, but
his opponents thrreupon renrewed the
campaign against, him. urging that if he
were elected Pope 1 the Holy See would
immediately be thrown into conflict not
only with France and Italy, as during the
reign of Leo XIII, but also with Austria
and Germany, all of the Cardinals being
convinced that the Austrian Emperor's
veto was instigated by-the-Kaiser.
~*lt Is certain that the Austrian Emper
or's exercise of his right of veto will
cause much discussion, as through it
Cardinal Sarto's election represents the
success of a candidate favored by him,
or. it should perhaps be said, by the
Kaiser.
CLOST7BE APPLIED IN"
HOUSE OF COMMONS
Amendments to the Sugar Conven
tion Bill Are Disposed Of
Rapidly.
TENDON, Aug. 6.— After debating the
eugar convention bill In the House of
Commons all day, the opposition, fighting 1
the bill with the utmost pertinacity,' the
Government at pidnight began the whole
sale disposal of Vmendments by the appli
cation of closure and the bill was re
torted to the House unamended at 2:30
a. m. The Government's majority in the
numerous closure divisions ranged from
seventy to eighty. The scenes somewhat'
•¦called the day« cf Irish obstruction.
Continued on Page 2, Column 5.
WHEELJNG, W. Va., Aug. 5.— The
.Limited Panhandle passenger train from
the West, moving toward ' Pittsburg at
the rate of sixty miles an hour, was de
railed between Jewett and Scio, Ohio, to
night. Fireman John W. Smith of Den
nison. Ohio, was scalded to death under
the engine and Engineer John B. Hoffman
of Allegheny was probably fatally scald
ed. James B. Calderwood of Denver and
Walter Corbett of Butte, Mont., passen
gers in the smoker, were badly hurt,
while several other passengers received
lesser injuries. *
The engineer, while rounding a sharp
curve, saw a man walking on the track
ahead of him and immediately applied
the airbrakes. The effect was to make
the engine leave the rails, leap across
the westbound track and continue down
a high embankment, where it was partial
ly turned on its., side. None of the cars
plunged into the ditch.
Brakes Causes a Fatal
Disaster.
Engineer's Sudden Application of the
WBECKS THE TBAIN
TO SAVE MAN'S LIFE
CONSTANTINOPLE. Aug. 5.— The Porte
has abandoned all idea of withdrawing
troops from Macedonia and is now mak
ing vigorous preparations to draft troops
for the • disturbed districts. A circular
notifying the powers of the intention of
the .Turkish Government has been Issued.
The note states that tho situation is very
serious, arid, " .- although ., it does not-men
tion Bulgaria, the document is regarded
as a menace to the Bulgarian Govern-
Forces in the district of Monastir,
Rezen, Ochrida, Debro, Ketchero, Por
etchka. Kronchero, Perlene, Serin, Kay
ley and Demirbassar simultaneously com
menced hostilities. All telegraphic com
munication has been cut in the districts
mentioned.
The announcement has not been con
firmed., owing to lack of communication.
SOFIA, Bulgaria, Aug. 5.-The Mace
donian committee states, that a revolution
waB proclaimed at the vilayet of Mona
stlr last Sunday, in concurrence with the
decision of the central revolutionary com
mittee. ''y : .:'~'-
Sultan Notifies Powers That
His Soldiers Will Be
Sent Afield.
Proclaims Revolution
Against Turkish
Authority.
Macedonian Com
mittee Opens
Hostilities.
WAR BEGINS
ON BALKAN
PENINSULA
AUSTRIAN EMPEROR EXERCISES RIGHT
OF VETO TO PREVENT THE ELECTION
OF RAMPOLLA TO SUCCEED POPE LEO
The San Francisco Call.Ask for His Friendly Offices to End
Bace Hatred.
NEGBOES APPEAL TO POPE.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo.. Aug. 5.—
At to-day's session of the convention of
the Western Negro Editors' Association
a memorial to Piux X -was adopted. It
says:
Since there are so many Catholics among
the negroes of the United States who. In com
mon with others of their race, are subjected
to unparalleled outrages upon the ellBhtest
provocation, involving the 'innocent aa well as
the guilty, we urge his Holiness to use his
good offices among the Catholics of this coun
try to preserve friendly relations between the
races and to break down th« spirit of unfair
nesa so prevalent among labor unions, com
posed In a great measure of Catholic*, which
In many Instances deprive the- negro of an op
portunity to earn an honest living.
Senator Burton of Kansas will be re-
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 5.— The twO
weeks' engagement which Mabel McKin
ley has just completed at the Los Angeles
Orphcum was her last engagement on the
stage, unless the changes her decision,
which was announced to-day at Santa
Catalina, where she and her husband. Dr.
H. L. Bacr, are spending their vacation.
As the daughter of Abner McKinley and
the niece of the lamented President she
was able , to command almost any figure
she named. The price paid her on tho
Orpheum circuit is said to have been
$1009 per week. Her husband and the
members of her father's family have al
ways opposed her stage career and have
constantly urged her to abandon It.
Mabel McKinley, Urged by Bela
tives, Decides to Sing No
More in Vaudeville.
NIECE OF PBESIDENT .
WILL LEAVE THE STAGE
ST. PETERSBURG, Aug. 5.— Although
disappointed at Cardinal Rampolla's de
feat, the newspapers accept Sarto's elec
tion with good grace. They regard it as
a compromise between the followers of
Cardinals Seraflno Vannutelll and Ram
polla, and therefore deny that the Ger
man element has won a victory. The new
Pontiff is regarded here as the possessor
of statesmanlike, practical and adminis
trative qualities and one who will pur
sue a cautious political policy and likely
to effect changes in the religious field of
tho church rather than its political
sphere.
The Government la disposed to regard
the new Pope as a pure Vannutellist and
an opponent of Cardinal Rampolla. A re
turn to the belligerent policy of Pius IX,
however, is regarded as unlikely, and the
Government is confident of maintaining
Its Influence over the Catholic church In
Russia. .The Polish Catholics favored
Cardinal Oreglia, as being the last sur
viving Cardinal appointed by Pius IX,
but are somewhat consoled, however, by
Sarto's assumption of the title of Pius X.
Regards the Present Pontiff as a
Vannutellist.
ST. PETEBSBUBG'S VIEW.
The members of the company feel that
they have lost so much valuable time
during the past ten days in the pursuit
of the escaped convicts from Folsom
penitentiary that they can ill afford the
time to take up the duties of camp life.
Many of, the soldiers have lost so much
time that it is the wish of the company
that Captain Swissler use his best en
deavors to secure Colonel Stone's acqui
escence to a revocation of the order.
PLACERVILLE. Aug. 5.— Captain
Swlssler of Company H, Second Regiment,
is going to Sacramento to try to secure
from Colonel Stone a cancellation of the
order issued to the company commanding
it to proceed to Santa Cruz to participate
In the annual encampment of the National
Guard of California.
Militiamen Hope to Escape Attend
ing the Santa Cruz Encampment.
WANT TO BE ' EXCUSED.
Pope Pius wished to see personally most
of the innumerable telegrams of con
gratulation received, giving instructions
for the answers to those for which he cared
most, and looked at the copies, changing
here and there a word. Then he prepared
for this mornings' state reception of the
Cardinals in the Slstine Chapel, which
during the night had been cleared of its
temporary furniture, used for the' bal
lots, and was assuming its normal aspect.
The third and last obedience of the
Sacred College was consummated this
morning with the same ceremonialas be
fore in the Slstine Chapel, the Pone be
ing in his full pontifical robes, and pal
pably restored in mind and nerves by a
night's . rest. The Cardinals filed before
him and kissed his hand and foot, all
smiling and apparently in a perfectly con
tented frame of mind. They themselves
In turn received a hearty embrace from
Plus X. The music was directed by Abbe
Perossi, who was the Pontiff's protege, all
present remarking how the Slstine choir
had improved its method since being un
der the abbe's care. Every available cor
ner of the small chapel was filled this
morning and those present seemed to for
get Plus X in their pleasure In the mag
nificent harmony of the voices of the
choir and the feast of color as they rested
their eyes on the pictures before them.
The ceremony ended about noon.
Both going to and coming from the Sis
tine Chapel. When he passed through the
Raphael Loggia and the Ducal Hall, the
Pope refused to be carried in the sedia
gestatorla, which, however, followed him.
After taking a few steps he turned to
Monsignor Bislettl and said:
"I shall never voluntarily get into tnat
ATe Deum was sung this morning in
the Sistine Chapel in honor of the elec
tion of the new Pope. All of the Car
dinals were present except Herrero. who
is still In his cell, although somewhat bet
ter than yesterday.
The Associated Press representative was
received in audience to-day by Pope Pius
X- being the first journalist of any na
tionality to have this honor. The Pon
tiff graciously granted the prayer of the
correspondent to send a message to the
; American people, saying, word for word:
I I love the Americans, who are the blooming
' vouth of Catholicism. Convey to all of them
now sladly I Impart my Apostolic blessing to
the whole country..
Pope Pfus to-day received Prince Mac
cino, the head of , ; the papal section of
¦the Roman aristocracy, who was accom-
My nrst pleasure when I can spare a mo
ment will be to explore the gardens which now
contuie my little world. Heigh ho! How Bhall
I get on without my. Ions country tramps?
Hoh I shall miss them and my sea.
At 7-15 o'clock the Pope said mass, as
sisted by Monsignor Bressan, his conclav
ist. He. afterward took breakfast, which
consisted of only coffee, milk and a roll.
Then, as he stood against the window
from which he caught a glimpse of the
gardens of the Vatican, the Pontiff ex
claimed:
ROME, Aug. 5.— Pope Pius X arose at
5:30 o'clock this morning. He slept last
night in the apartment occupied by Car
dinal Oreglia during the conclave, which
is situated on the second floor of the Vati
can. No decision has yet been taken con
cerning the Pontiff's ultimate quarters,
but it is already said that he desires them
to be extremely modest.
Day's Events Illustrate the New
Pontiff's Character.
SIMPLE LIFE OF POPE.
A report was received here late to-night
that the five convicts in the Cat Creek
country are to-night less than live miles
from the spot where they camped last
night. The fugitives traveled all day to
day, but lost their way, traveling in a cir
cuitous route and bringing up to-night
with little to show for the day's work and
in much greater danger of meeting posses
than at any time since leaving the Grand
Victory mine region on Saturday night.
Reports to-night from Olita brought
there by a man in a team were that
Sheriff Norman on leaving Olita early this
morning said no trustworthy reports of
his movements could be received by the
outer world until he sent a mounted mes
senger back to Volcano, which has a pri
vate telephone to Olita, a distance of
twelve miles. Olita has a telephone to
Plymouth and that place with PlacerviUe.
Reports say the convicts are* in a trap
on account of the trailers being behind
them and Norman with his posse ahead
of them and that the-outlaws will be am
bushed by the Sheriff and killed. If
they try to double on their track the con
victs will meet the professional- trailers,
who are sure shots.
PLACERVILLE, Aug. 5.— Sheriff Bos
quit has received no news to-night from
the three professional trailers who are
following the five convicts who ambushed
the soldiers or from Sheriff Norman of
Amador County who, with posse, is now
in the southeast portion of El Dorado
near Cat Creek, many miles from com
munication.
? —
Start After the Outlaws
Who Ambushed the
Militiamen.
Pius likes not only to walk but to climb.
A few days before he left Venice for
Rome he ascended Mount Grappa, 5500
feet high. But his greatest enjoyment is
music. He ia a great friend and admirer
of Lorenzo Perossl. the eminent director
of the Pontifical Choir, who was former
ly maestro at St. Mark's, Venice. Perossi
is chiefly indebted to him for his musical
career.
In all of the excitement of his first
triumph he ke»t his word and went to
the telephone station and called up the
number only to find that Mgr. Stratlmi
rovich already knew the result of the
balloting and was then on his way to the
Vatican.
No no fear for me. Tell me the number cf
your telephone ami I will let you know who
receives that honor.
He was sincere in thinking that he
would not be made Pope. M. Stratimlro
vlch, th« Venetian prelate, accompanied
him to Rome and up to the door of the
conclave, and in taking leave, as usual,
hoped that Cardinal Sarto would be made
Pope. His Eminence replied, laughing:
I shall have white robes Instead of red. That
will be the only change. I shall remain the
same Sarto as ever.
When in the past people asked Cardinal
Sarto what he would do if made Pope,
referring to his modesty and affability,
he replied:
ROME, Aug. 5.— A few anecdotes show
what sort of a man is Pius X. His posi
tion as patriarch of Venice brought him
from $2000 to $2400 a year, which did not
go far when he had paid the bills for
all of his numerous charities. So when
he was called suddenly to leave Venice
he often found himself without money.
Once, when he had come to Rome, he
was without a cent and did not know
where to turn. He was finally obliged to
borrow $400 from a bank and was in a
perfect fever until the debt was paid.
He has a nephew, John Baptlste Sarto.
who, notwithstanding the relation, is only
the archpriest of the small village of Pes
sagno.
Often Without Funds Because of His
Manv Charities.
PIUS X A POOR MAN.
LONDON. August 6.— Michael Leopold
Mayer, the theatrical manager, who in
troduced Sara Bernhardt in London, is
dead.
Michael Mayer Is Dead.
OTTAWA. Ontario, Aug. 5.— Sir Edward
Carson* has been appointed chief counsel
by the Alaskan boundary tribunal, in
place of Edward Blake, who resigned on
account of ill health.
Carson Is Chief Counsel.
PARIS. Aug. 5. — Baron Henri Roths
child appeared before the Police Court to
day en the charge of automobile scorch
ing. His defense was that he had a per
mit from the Ministry of the Interior as
a doctor, allowing him to disregard the
police regulations. The case was post
poned until August "i.
Baron Bothschild In Court.
The credit of to-day's important catch, the first of the exciting man hunt of
the past week, belongs to the deputies of Sheriff Reese, composed of his son,
Edward Reese, and Deputies George wHtenbrock and Jack Hunter, aided by
Constable Hainllne.of Davisville. The deputies acted upon one of many rumors
which were afloat last night, and that they selected one based on fact is evi
denced by the outcome. Last night two nien were seen at a late hour emerging
from Chinatown bareheaded and with rifles upon their shoulders. They were
soon lost in the darkness that hangs over the river wharves and were not again
seen. - . . ..
Roberts since his capture, told the officers that he sent a man into China
town at Sacramento. .to. get some opium and bring It to himself and Howard, but
it Is believed that they were so desperately in need of the drug that they took
the risk of entering Chinatown In quest of it, relying upon the lateness of the^/
hour to prevent^ detection.
In a statement to-night Deputy Sher Iff Reese said the convict who had brought
information to his office concerning the fugitives this morning said he was afraid
the other convicts would kill him. He h as been In Sacramento only a short time
from Folsom and had started out to Va cavIIle to Pick fruit. In company with an
other ex-convict. They had gone but a short distance on the Yolo trestle, when
Roberts', whom the ex-convict named "Smiley," accosted them.
"Smiley," according to the ex-convic 1 ' 3 story, drew a revolver and said he
wanted the informant to go with him. Roberts took him over to Davisville, and
this morning Roberts sent him to the drug store for opium. He got him the
drug and went back and told Roberts that he (the ex-convict) had got a job in a
livery stable and that he would like to go to work. So he left Roberts there and
came over and told Reese.
The ex-convict informed Reese that Roberts was lying in a brushy creek just
beyond Davisville. It was at that point that the capture took place.
Roberts on the way from Davisville to Sacramento told Deputy Sheriff
Reese that the convicts were forced to make their break at Folsom; that they
were not treated impartially at the prison; that they were fed on rotten pota
toes and rotten stew.
Roberts claimed that he left Howard at Sacramento after a quarrel aris
ing over the desire of Howard to go Into town for opium in daylight. He claim
ed Howard was not with him in Yolo County. This story is not credited, as it .
is thought Roberts desires to protect Howard by concealing his whereabouts.
i One of the ex-convicts said Howard was on his way to Slssons. Roberts ad
mitted that It was his and Howard's tracks that Sheriff Reese had discovered
near Ben All, on the rancho Del Paso.
Roberts said Gordon left the band of escapes at the bridge at Mormon Isl
and. He said he did not know anything about the battle at the Grand Victory
mine except what he had read in the papers.
for some time, walking around anxious
as If waiting for some one. Following
the trail Bosquit discovered the marks of
rubber heeled shoes. It is known that
Case took a pair of rubber heeled shoes
from Stage Driver Brown of Folsom
Penitentiary, Brown being one of the men
the convicts took with them from -the
prison on the day of the outbreak. A well
defined trail led Bosquit to Smith's place,
a mile north of the hotel, on tho Tennes
see Creek road, where the remains of
food under a fig tree indicated that the
men had stopped there while the lunch
obtained at the hotel by Case was eaten.
It is generally believed that one of Case's
companions, if he has more than one,
Is Seavis, the negro, and that Seavis did
not accompany Case to the hotel because
his color and the very noticeable scars on
his face would betray him.
SHERIFF IS INDIGNANT.
Sheriff Bosquit is indignant at the in
difference shown by some of the citizens
of the county, who either fail to report
important developments or wait until 'it is
almost -too late to do anything. The Shin
gle Springs Incident is but one of many.
Another thing which greatly handicaps
and aggravates Sheriff Bosquit is the
lack of financial support extended him by
the State officials in hunting down the
murderous escapes from Kolsom peniten
tiary. The State has not permitted
Sheriff Bosquit to spend one cent on its
account- The same may be said of the
Supervisors of El Dorado County, who
have thus far turned deaf ears to the.
appeals of the Sheriff for financial assis
tance.
GIVES GABDEBT PARTY
FOB NAVAL OFPICEBS
Minister Bryan Entertains Admiral
Cotton and His Subordinates
Near Portuguese Capital.
CONTRA, Portugal, Aug. 6.— United
States Minister Bryan this afternoon
gave a garden party at his villa here in
honor of Admiral Cotton and the Ameri
can naval.officers. who came by rail from
Lisbon, which is four miles distant.
The summer palace of King Charles is
here, and the members of the court and
of the diplomatic corps, as well as the
elite of Lisbon, reside here during the
summer. The, function was elegant.. The
salons and gardens of the I villa were
thronged. The band of the Brooklyn fur
nished the music. A luncheon was
served, and the affair did not end until
9 o'clock to-night.
after the fugitive
SACRAMENTO,. Aug. 6.— It was 11 o'clock to-night when Deputy Sheriff s Reese
and Hinter returned here by .team with Convtet James P. Roberts securely ironed.
An immense crowd. Including many women. Waited at the Sacramento end of the
Yolo bridge for the arrival of the prisoner. While an equally large, number gath
ered at the jail. Roberts announced that he would not talk to the, newspaper men
here, and asked a deputy if he were compelled to do so. Being told that he was
at liberty to use his own judgment in the matter, he declined to make a statement
to the press representatives here, although he talked freely with The Call-repre
sentative at Davisville. . . .
District Attorney Seymour followed Roberts to his cell and examined him at
some length.
Deputy Sheriff Reese when told of a rumor that the officers had followed an
ex-convict named Newman to an opium den and through him got track of Roberts
and Howard said that he knew nothing of the opium feature, but it was true that
an ex-convict named Newman had given information to the" officers that aided in
the capture. . [ ¦
The Sheriff's officers, as well as the police detectives, are of the belief that
Howard is In hiding in the Yolo County jungles, and at a late hour to-night a
posse was still hunting for him there.
When Roberts was taken this afternoon his first thought was to impress upon
his captors the idea that he was not guilty of murder. It was an exhibition of the
thief's instinct to provide an alibi. "You can't hold me for murder," he said in ex
ultation. "Howard and I cleared away from the bunch before the fight at the
Grand Victory mine, where the militiamen were killed. It's all up now I know,
but I made a -pretty good getaway, did I not? I have been tramping day and night
all the time." • ' .'...¦
District .Attorney, Seymour said to : nlgW- that he would certainly place a charge
of murder against Robert?; and also against Howard if caught. All the conspira
tors are equally guilty of the death of Guard William Cotter at Folsom prison, if
not of the subsequent murders. Roberts will be kept in the tanks at the County
Jail here until returned at an early date to Folsom prison. It is believed his re
turn will have a good moral effect on the convicts and it will be made as conspic
uous as possible. Not a few of the officers here express the belief that the body
of Convict Allison should not have been burled at Pilot Hill, where he fell, but
should have been returned to the prison for the sake of the effect of the spectacle
upon the unruly .prisoners.
Sheriff Lowell and Haggerty returned at midnight from the search for Howard in
Yolo County. They said that while they had information that Howard spent most
of the day in the brush near the river bridge he had escaped into the brush and
it was impossible in the dark to locate him. : ...
A farmer came into the Sheriff's office to-night and reported he saw th^
afternoon Roberts and a man whom he described as Howard crossing his place
in Yolo County soon after Roberts fell into the hands of the posse. The
farmer declared Howard took off in the direction of Marysville. Acting upon this
information Deputy Sheriffs Howell and Haggerty armed themselves and started
Count Muccloli of the Noble Guard, who
was attached to the Pontiff during the
conclave and who has an American wife,
availing himself of the privilege to ask
the new Pope a favor. Has implored Pius
X to reinstate his comrade of the Noble
Guard. Count Pietro Marchi, who not long
ago was suspended for having given an
afternoon tea inside the Vatican to sev
eral ladles of the Quirinal Society, in
cluding Mrs. Meyer, the wife of the Amer
ican Embassador.
We are from the same town. Your father is
my friend and I have not forgotten hia » - mla
blllty In coming- to the station to see me orf
for the conclave, little imagining that I should
never return to my land again. I hope your
royal father will soon come to our court.
panied by his daughter-in-law. Princess
Beatrice, the daughter of Don Carlos
The Pontiff seemed specially glad to see
her, saying:
quested to represent the association in
presenting the memorial to the American
representatives of the Catholic church.
This morning the Pope confirmed in
their posts as secret chamberlains. Mgr.
Scapinelli, Misciatelll and Sanz de Sam
pere, and confirmed the Marquis of Ser
lupi as master of the horse and Mgr.
Sill! as dean of the grooms. He appointed
Mgr. Ga'.li secretary of Latin letters to
replace Mgr. Tarozzl, who is ill. and also
Mgr. Sardl as secretary for briefs to the
princes to replace Mgr. Volpini, who re
cently died.
The PoDe has confirmed Cardinal Oreg
lia as Camerlingo. Cardinal Agliardi
probably will be Secretary of State.
The Pope, yielding to the pressure ex
erted by the foreign Cardinals, who are
anxious to return to their respective
countries as soon as possible, has decided
that his coronation shall take place next
Sunday.
Premier Zanardelll has sent out a cir
cular ordering all Government officials to
abstain from participating In the festivi
ties over the election of the new Pope,
as Piux X has not notified the Govern
ment of his election.
The Pope has confirmed Monsignor Con
stantinl as secret almoner and has ap
pointed his gentleman-ln-walting, Cavaz
zi, private carver.
The Pope to-day again visited Cardinal
Herrero y Esplnosa, who is improving.
After the many receptions to-day Piu3
X announced that he must have absolute
rest. The attendants turned as if to
show him his apartments, but he stopped
them, crying:
"No. I am going for a walk in the
gardens."
Continued From Page I, Column 2.
Sacramento Officers Admit That an Ex-Convict
Aided Them to Effect Arrest of Roberts.
FORMER PRISONER GIVES
DEPUTIES INFORMATION
guard. Roberts said the convicts traveled in a body until after the firBt fight at
Pilot Hill. His account of that fight does not differ materially from published
newspaper reports. He confirms the report that Allison ended his own life with
a pistol shot after he had been shot through the body by the trailers. Soon after
that fight Roberts and Howard separated from the main body of convicts.
RETURNS TO FOLSOM TO GET A SUPPI/5T OF FOOD.
Wednesday they went to a cabin, where they found a bottle of whisky and
some flour. Roberts made seme biscuits and that .was all ,the food they had ex
cept fruit until they reached Folsom. They went back down the North Fork of
the American River, crossing the bridge at Mormon Island. They passed near tfie
main gate of the Folsom prison Saturday night and went into the town of Fol
som. They remained there long enough to get some food and. left as soon as tfie
moon went down, going in the direction of Roaevllle.
Two miles out of Folsom they stopped and were in hiding all day Sunday.
That night they went on to Sacramento. They' remained in that city all day
Monday and in the evening crossed over on the Yolo side, spending the night in
the bushes. *
Roberts told the officers that he left Howard Tuesday evening, but to The Call
representative he stated that they quarreled and separated Monday morning.
Howard wanted to go on th? main streets of Sacramento and Roberts refused.
Roberts says he obtained a good supply of food in Sacramento and Tuesday night
left his camp, traveling along the railroad.
EXPRESSES SORROW OVER DEATH OF GUARD COTTER.
Roberts said he left the road and went into the bushes at Davisville, where
he was captured. He stated that it was his intention to board a San Francisco
train to-night and ship on the first vessel to leave the harbor. He is confident
that if he could have evaded the officers one day longer he would have made his
escape. He professed to be sorry that Cotter and the two soldiers were killed
and insisted that he did not know who killed them. When asked if he was not
glad that his flight was over and that he was again In "custody he gave an em
phatic negative reply. He said he was sent to prison on the testimony of a de
serter; that he was Innocent of the crime of which he was convicted, and that he
had brooded over his wrongs until ha became desperate. A chance came for him
to escape, he took It and lost. If he must hang for 'Hi all right, a man has enly
one time to die. The officers think Roberts is lying about Howard and endeavor
ing to aid him in making his escape. All the officers are on the alert to-night
and if he is in this county he is almost certain of capture.
Continued From Page 1, Columns 5 and 6.
Sheriff Bosquit dispatched his eon
Dallas, who is his chief deputy, to Shin
jrie Springs early this morning to investi
gate the report-
The young man returned to Placerville
this afternoon. He 6tated that on his ar
rival at the Planters Hotel he obtained
the names of several people who had
peon the stranger on Monday night, and
taking each person aside, he showed the
photographs of all» the escaped convict*.
Witbout hesitation the hotel people all
identified the picture of Case as the man
who had eaten the meal at the hotel and
y.-ho had purchased supper for an alleged
tick companion.
Miss Maria Craig, who cooked and
served the meal to the stranger, was
jxraltlve in her identification, as was also
George Graham and one or two others.
Including a young lad, who, attracted by
the rough appearance of the stranger and
rxcited by the stories of the escaped con
victs, plucked up courage enough to fol
low the man some distance from the hotel
until, awed by the furtive glances of the
ftrangcr, he stopped and returned to the
hotel. The youngster heard the man,
since identified as Case, whistle and dis
tinctly heard a whistled reply come from
the vicinity of the cemetery, in which
direction the stranger headed.
Satisfying himself that he was on the
right track young Bosquit proceeded to
the cemetery and there discovered tracks
made by heavily nailed shoes. The large
number of print* indicated that one or
more persens had stopped at that point
IDENTIFY PHOTOGRAPH
I^tte last night Sheriff Bosquit received
a telephonic message from Mr. Scott of
the firm of Scott & Gilbert of San Fran
eisco, who stated that a rough appearing
man, attired in ill-fitting clothes and
minus a coat, appeared at the Planters'
Hotel at Shingle Springs, about twelve
mJles southwest of Placerville, at 7
o'clock last Monday evening and asked
to be served a substantial meal. Before
leaving the dining-room he asked to have
some food wrapped up for him, saying
that he had a friend waiting in the hills
who was too 111 to walk to the hotel. The
Ftranger stated that his companion and
himself were on the way to the moun
tains to secure work.
The visitors appetite being appeased he
walked to the counter and threw down
a $5 piece and received the change and
the package of food. During his stay at
the hotel, which lasted about half an
hour, he appeared somewhat nervous and
watched the movements of every person
who entered the room. On leaving the
<1ining-room he backed out of the door as
if afraid some one might attempt to shoot
him should he leave the room In the usual
inanner. face forward. Before leaving the
premises he drew a bucketful of water
from the well and carried It with him. No
effort was made by the hotel people, to
.question the stranger and nothing was
.done to ascertain the direction in which
he traveled after quitting the place.
Sheriff Bosquit was not informed of the
occurrence until last night, when Mr.
Scott called up his offlce after arriving in
Plaeerville to learn the outcome of the
stranger's visit to the hotel at Shingle
Springs
OUTLAW VISITS A HOTEL.
Of the many reports which have drifted
'Into Placerville to-day concerning the
whereabouts of the convicts, the most
promising is the discovery of the fact that
on Monday evening last Case and one or
mere of the fugitives were in the vicinity
of Shingle Springs. It is known that one
of them, since identified as Case, ate a
hearty supper at the Planters* Hotel and
secured a Quantity of food, which he car
ried away in a paper bag. Sheriff Bos
quit's son. Dallas, was sent to investi
gate the matter and on his report Sheriff
Bo?qu!t based the following statement to
night:
"It is a settled fact in my mind that
Case and one or two others were in the
vicinity of Shingle Springs on Monday
night. I am satisfied that it is the best
trail we have to work on outside of the
pursuit which is being prosecuted in the
Cat Creek country by Sheriff Norman and
his posses. They are following up the five
men who murdered our two militiamen,
Rutherford and Jones."
CONVICT CASE IS SEEN.
The manhunt is to be kept up and the
increase In the reward offered for the cap
ture nr killing of the convicts has stimu
lated the members of the posses now In
the field.
No word has been received here to-day
from Sheriff Norman's posse or the pro
fessional trailers who are searching for
the five outlaws who ambushed the mili
tia at Manzanita Hill last Saturday with
fuch fatal results. The convicts who are
being trailed and their pursuers are now
in the southeastern portion of El Dorado
County, which is cut off from communi
cation by telegraph or telephone. If the
losses succeed in killing any one of this
rand the news must be sent back by
courier to either Volcano or Olita, where
It can be scr.t to Plymouth, which has
t r >phonic connection with Placerville.
Sheriff Bosquit will take charge of an
other posse when a definite trail is
picked up cf the convicts in the Webber
Creek region. The members of the militia
company are anxious to avenge the mur
der of their comrades who fell at Man
zanita Hill and If the convicts are defi
nitely located the militia will be in the
hunt and also in at the death.
The two convicts who were known to
be above the town of Mosquito and head-
Ing for the northern portion of this coun
ty are being followed by Sheriff Mansfield
of San Mateo and ex-Sheriff Conroy of
Placer County. These convict? were
trailed this morning to the viefnity of
Bald Mountain, but their trail was about
three days old.
The region of Pilot Hill and other ad
jacent points where the convicts have
been seen in the past five days was gone
over to-day by the posse with the blood
liounds, but the dogs failed to take the
trail, as the scent was too old. Upon the
receipt of information of the negro Seavis
or Case being seen the bloodhounds will
be hurried to the spot.
SEARCHING FOE LOST TRAIL.
Placerville is still the center of the scene
cf operations, for It Is positive that two or
three of the convicts are still In the Web
ber Creek district and in the region abut
ting Pilot Hill and Shingle Springs. The
fact that Convict Case was seen at Shin
gle Springs on Monday night and that he
«as accompanied by another convict, if
Tiot by two of the outlaws, shows that a
portion of the band has not be«?n able to
get far away from tha place where the
j*«ss?s gave battle at Pilot Hill.
The people of Placerville are incensed
that the information that Case, and other
convicts were at Shingle Springs last
Monday night was not at once telephoned
In to Sheriff Bosquit. There was no doubt
of the identity of Case, and if word had
been sent to Sheriff Bosquit the blood
hounds that arrived here yesterday could
have been put on a fresh trail.
anxiously awaited here to-day, and
the information that Robert?, one of the
outlaws, had been caught near Davisville
was received with the greatest satisfac
tion. Many reports have come in here to
flay. but none of them proved to be au
thentic.
PLACERVILLK. Aug. o.-News of tic
whereabouts of the convicts who
broke from Folsom prison has been
TRAILERS CUT
OFF FROM ALL
COMMUNICATION
From ther<» the whole party was driven
in a roundabout manner about twenty
miles to Jurgens Postofflce, where Convict
Seayls had spent two hours last Satur
day.' The hounds were put over the en
tire country neighborhood, up rough
mountain sides, down deep ravines,
through, canyons and along the banks of
the placid Webber Creek, but all to no
effect. The scent could not be found, so
at 6 o'clock, after fifteen hours' hard and
serious labor, the dogs were called off.
The dogs will be taken to Shingle Springs
to-morrow, where Seavis and Case were
seen last Monday night.
take the scent The party left Lotus
at 3 a. m. and arrived at Ingram, thirteen
miles distant, just after daybreak. ' The
air was crisp and chill' and as soon as the
hounds were on the scene they com
menced to bark and bay *nd evinced
great "excitement in anticipation of the
hunt that was in store for them. The
place is a lonely spot in the woods, three
miles southwest from Pilot Hill, the
scene of the battle between the convicts
and their pursuers. The exact, spot is
known as the Julia mine, a corporation
owned and managed by colored people,
who have quite an extensive plant. On
Monday night before retiring the miners
placed three large kettles filled with
beans, corn b beef and vegetables on the
stove, which, on account of the summer
weather, is now out In the open near the
corner of their cabin. They stated that
there were, -enough provisions being
cooked to last them three days. The con
victs swooped down upon the- whole lot
some time early Tuesday . morning and
carried their booty about 200 feet up the
hill. _ Here they apparently devoured
everything, leaving merely a few rem
nants" and the three large pans to mark
the spot of their repast. From the foot
marks it would appear there were three
or four in the party.
C. P. Ferrell,, the owner of the hounds
Bessie and Jumbo, took his place in the
middle of the spot where the convicts had
feasted themselves, and then, taking out
a portion of the trousers that the negro.
Seavis, had discarded after his escape
from, prison, he placed it before tb§
hounds to smell. They sniffed them again
and again, and then,, with noses on the
ground, they commenced dashing hither
and thither through the long, dry grasses
and srubby chaparral that abound in
the vicinity. Again the dogs came back
to take a whiff from the trousers and
once more they were scouring every nook
and corner for a trace of the scent.. For
thirty minutes they worked with tre
mendous vigor and energy, covering an
enormous area of territory, but without
success. They could not get the scent,
and- so the hunt in that section was
ended.
LOTUS, Aug. 5.— The bloodhounds
were put on the track of the con
"vlcts this morning, but failed to
Bold Fugitive Visits the Hotel to Secure Supply of Food
and After Getting It Disappears.
Pius X Graciously Welcomes Delegation of United
States Citizens Chaperoned by Cardinal Gibbons;
of high dignitaries who had not yet been
admitted, including even the diplomatic
body. Nevertheless he used his influence,
with the happiest result, and obtained the
consent of the Pope to receive the Ameri
cans. Their luggage was hastily brought
back from the station in order that they
mlght apear in proper apparel, and at 5:33
o'clock this afternoon all were at thf
bronze doors of the Vatican. They were
met by Monsignor Kennedy, rector of the
American College, whose presence was
quite sufficient to make the Swiss Guard
step back, present arms and give entrance
to all. They trooped up the high stair
way, one hundred strong, and on through
the corridors, bending their heads to pas3
through the openings in the walls which
had been erected for the conclave. Bricks
were still lying about on the flagstones.
Through the beautiful loggia dT Raphael
they passed to the unique hall of Inscrip
tions, where a halt was called. ¦>
POPE PASSES AMONG THEM.
After a considerable wait there was a
murmured "Hush,#hush." and two Swis3
Guards . entered from a corridor. Before
the pilgrims could quite realize it the
Pope stood among them.
Pius X is a little taller than Cardinal
Gibbons, giving, however, the impression
of being a much bigger man. as he is
inclined to stoutness. He has abundant
gray hair, with no signs of baldness;
dark, clear eyes; handsome features and
a magnificent voice, low In tone, to which
is added a peculiar grace due to his mu
sical Venetian accent. From his whole
person emanated great benignity and cor
diality. He walked slowly but with the
firmness of a young man down the long
kneeling line, accompanied by Cardinal
Gibbons and Mgr. Kennedy, and gave to
each of the pilgrims as he passed his
hand to be kissed. He spoke a few word3
to almost every one.
Plus X was arrayed completely In
white, without a gleam of color except
that which sparkled from the huge emer
ald on his finger. Cardinal Gibbons was
on hia rljtht in red robes and Mgr. Ken
nedy on his left in purple. They were
ROME. Aug. 5.— The spirit, of "The
King is dead! Long live the King!"
which has been repeated through
all the long ages upon a change of
sovereigns, was the dominant note to-day
at the Vatican among those gathered
there, not to acknowledge an earthly sov
ereign, but to accept without reserve
Pope Pius X as their spiritual king. Not
only had America enjoyed the honor of
first announcing through the press the ac
cession. of the present Pontiff to the chair
of St. Peter, but to-day Americans en
joyed the far greater privilege and honor
of being the first to convey to his Holi
ness the homage of the nations.
The American pilgrimage, conducted by
John J. McGrane of New York and
Father-Lynch of Niagara University of
Buffalo, N. T., which j left the United
States for its pious journey to Rome to
receive the blessing of Leo XIII. arrived
while the conclave was sitting. Its mem
bers lingered until the never-to-be-forgot
ten moment yesterday when the election
of the new Pope was announced, and
then decided reluctantly to leave to-day.
But U was with tears of disappointment
at not having been able" to see the Holy
Father that the pilgrims packed and
strapped their luggage and sent it to the
station.
FROM GLOOM TO REJOICING.
While the. desolate band was eating a
hurried luncheon preparatory to leaving.
McGrane. with radiant face, burst in,
waving a paper and almost dancing in
excitement.
"You shall see him!, You shall see him!"
he cried. "Our Cardinal has arranged it."
Cardinal Gibbons had been asked yes
terday to try to arrange for the reception
of the Americans, and had promised to do
his best, at the same time explaining how
unprecedented It would b* for the Pope
the day after his election to receive a for
eign pilgrimage when there, were scores
Austrian Emperor Exercises His Right of Veto to Defeat Cardinal Rampolla
preceded by Swiss guards with balb«rd3
and followed by members of the Nobl«
Guard. The moving group was set oft
by the kneelinc women, who were all In
black, their womanliness made more
womanly by the black lace vetla which
huni? from their hair. The men wore
dress suits and the priests black gowns.
GIFT FOB THE PONTIFF.
Pope Pius X appeared to be very much
Interested when Father Lynch presented
to him a box containing a white zucchet
"\Ve would be extremely sratlflefl If
your Holiness would accept this Rift In
exchange for the. one you wear."
"I will cheerfully do so. the Pope re-
P Thereupon Mgr. Btsleti lifted the zue
chetto xvh!ch the Pope wore from his
head and replaced it with theone which
had been presented by father Lynch.
McGrane handed to Pius X the offer
ings which the pilgrims had hastily put
together after luncheon to-day. The Pope
spoke especially to the members of the
I^ante family of Philadelphia to Rev
John E. Burke, pastor .of the Church of
St. Benedict the Moor of New York: I*
Father Wall, who expressly represented
Archbishop Farley, and to Rev. James
Roger Matthews of Washington.
To Father Uurke he gave a special bene
diction for the colored people.
Occasionally, as the Pope passed along.
he laid his hand upon the head of one
of the pilgrims. When Pius X reached
the persons who waved two flags yes
terday at St. Peters, who were carryins
them to-day he exclaimed:
"Dear America! Forty-four stars, eh. ¦
When he reached the last person in tn*»
line h« turned, and/ while all the pil
grims knelt, he gave the apostolic bless
ing, endins with the words:
••I recommend myself to your pious
Pr n >e was a moment of intense emotion
and scarcely was an eye dry.
Cardinal Gibbons upon leaving the \ atJ
can said that he had been dellBhted to
present the American pilgrims to the new
Pope under such a happy circumstance.
Go Over Large Territory,
but Are Unable to
Get the Scent.
CASE AND OTHER CONVICTS
SEEN NEAR SHINGLE SPRINGS
PONTIFF'S FIRST AUDIENCE
IS TO AMERICAN PILGRIMS
BLOODHOUNDS
FAIL TO TAKE
UP THE TRAIL
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALI,, THURSDAY, AUGUST 6, 1903.
Tells of His Flight and of Suicide of Allison.
In boxos from 25 cents to 60 cents each,
in a hundred new shapes and tints. We
carry all the principal staple ream goods,
as well as writing tablets in all .sizes and
qualities. . Sanborn, . Vnil & Co., 741 Mar
ket street. . •
Fine Correspondence Papers.
CHICAGO. Aug. 6.— MISs Bessie An
thony of Glen view, the Western cham
pion, and Miss "Johnnie" carpenter will
contest to-morrow mornlngr In the finals
for the Glenview cup. Both won their
matches in handy fashion In the' semi
finals to-day.
Olenview Cup Finals.
2
NEXT SUNDAY'S
ABT SUPPLEMENT,
"THE RUSSIAN WEDDING,"
Effectively framed either in
Flemish brown, ebony or gilt
frame, about three or four
inches; framed closely.
APVURTiaranvNTs-
41 It is always sunrise
somewhere in the world."
Pears' Soap is sold all over
the world.
Established 17S9.
THADe ft0~f*U^-.< MARK *
Sweet sleep comes to the baby
who is properly fed with a
proper food. Mellin's Food
babies sleep well.
A postal request will bring a sample of Mel-
lin's Food right to your home.
MELLIN'S FOOD CO., BOSTON, MASS.
SOHEMIAN
"King of ell Bottled Beers.**
Brewed from Bohemian Hops.
solo evegywHEEE.
HILBERT MERCANTILE: CO..
Factflc Coast Agents.
Body 80 inches long. 7 Inches deep: lH-Inca
axles, long distance; wheels m-lnch; A-grad«
• nrir.KS, f' 1 tempered; nicely trimmed and fin-
pr . ic . e .. th . 13 . $49.50
Allison, IMeff & Co.,
222 MISSION STREET,
; :' . ¦ Saa FraacUco. Cat
ESERVlBLAiEMRRilniDIn the leather goods department. Automo^
bile^and'Du Barry bags. Netsuk! purses,
wrist bags in all leathers, trunks, valises,
sui* cases," in^arload" varieties. Sanborn,
.Vai'4 Co.; 741 Market street. "
Temptation" in Prices
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Aug. 5.-
The Chicago Great Western Railway has
just appointed a Stanford graduate to the
responsible . position of division engineer.
The recipient of this* honor is George H.
Herrold, who took his degree from the
civil engineering department in 18JW. He
will make his headquarters at Red Wing."
Minnesota:
Stanford. Graduate Is Honored.
FRAGMENTS OF VICTIMS
ARE FOUND A MILE AWAY
Two Thousand Quarts of Nitro
glycerin at Decatur, Ind., Ex
plode With Appalling Effects.
DECATUR, Ind., Aug. 5.— The Empire
Glycerin Works near Bluffton were blown
up to-day. The explosion was heard for
fifty miles and so great was Its force that
a hole 100 by 150 and 20 feet deep
marks the spot where the magazine
stood. • -'.-
The explosion was caused by Edward
Rodabaugh, who, while loading a wagon
with nitroglycerin, dropped a can, which
exploded, causing 2000 quarts of nitro
glycerin In the factory to explode. The
three men were blown into fragments,
parts of their bodies being found nearly
one mile from tho explosion. Fragments
of the carcasses of three pairs of mules
used In delivering the explosive were
found a half-mile distant, hanging in
trees.
DYNAMITE EXPLOSION
'£<:?'¦. DAMAGES AN ENGINE
ern Pacific Train Is Partly-
Successful.
Second Attempt to Wreck a North-
HELENA. Mont., Aug. 5.— An attempt
was made .last night one mile west of
Bozeman to wreck a Northern Pacific
train by dynamite. Engine No. 29. pull
ing westbound train No. 53, was partially
wrecked by an explosion of dynamite,
which broke the headlight, shattered the
windows of the cab and otherwise dam
aged "the locomotive. Engineer W. Doan
was. not Injured.
; The perpetrator of the outrage is sup
posed to be the same person who tried to
blow' "P a Northern Pacific bridge over
the Yellowstone River . at Livingstone
Sunday morning. A reward of $100 has
bren offered by the company for the dy
namiter's arrest.
CHICAGO. Aug. 5. — John Alexander Dowi*.
Funeral overseer of -the Christian Catholic
Church, vu mad* a citizen of the United
Vtatr* to-day, upon rfnouncina: in the Superior
<>>urt his all<"gian<** to the sovereign of Great
ISritain. «nd Ireland.
. KANSAS, CITY. Kans.. Augr. 5.— Newt
Farris, while drunk to-day, attacked his
v.ife with a chair and she shot him
through the heart. Farris was 50 years
old. Mrs. Farris, who is 45 years of age,
has not been arrested.
Shoots Her Drunken Husband
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 5.— Frank E.
Warren, a laborer employed at the Elys
ian Park pumping plant, was struck on
the head by an iron pulley while working
at the bottom of a 110-foot shaft to-day
and instantly killed. The pulley was
wrenched from its fastenings by the
hoisting bucket, which was raised too
high by the engineer.
Laborer Is Killed in a Shaft.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 3. — Authorization has
been received at Santa Fe headquarttra for th?
immediate beginning of work on the hotel to
be built by the railroad company in the Graml
Canyon o* the Colorado. It Is exppctc <4 tha:
the structure will be ready for occupancy by
March. 1904.
• IsA WHENCE, Kans., Aug. 5.— The most
terrific windstorm that has occurred here
in years took place about 8 o'clock to
.night. Trees were leveled in all parts o'
t<iv.-n. Roofs were blown from buildings.
Fijrns torn from their places, electric light
pnd telephone plants put out of business
and the sm-ets were impassable. The
Ftorm lasted about an hour and was ac
companied by thunder, lightning and very
heavy rsiin. which drenched stocks where
the roofs were torn off. There was no loss
of life and no person was seriously in
jured. .
•Lawrence, Kans., Swept by a Fierce
Windstorm.
STEEETS £JI?AS3ABLE.
SAN JOSE. Aug. 5.— Joseph R. Ryland
resigned as a member of the City Board
of Education this morning. He was ap
pointed a year ago by Mayor AVorswlck.
at the time the latter threw out the old
administration. A year's trials and trib
ulations as a school trustee has been too
much for Ryland. While he gives no rea ¦
son for his resignation. It is known that
it was brought about by dissensions in
the board.
Besigns Position as School Director.
UKIAH. Aug. 5.— J. L. Prather acci
dentally shot and killed Robin Van Zandt
yesterday morning in the hills near Philo.
Prather and a party were hunting and
did not know Van Zandt was there, aa ha
was with another party. Dogs were run
ning a deer and Pratlier tired at some
thing in the brush, the ball entering Van
Zandt's chest near the right nipple. Van
Zandt lingered • two hours after being
shot.
Mistakes Hunter for a Deer.
"Will you extend your ex-client the
courtesy of listening to him?" asked Su
tro.
'"He Is no client of mine and I don't
desire to hear anything he says," replied
Ach.
Ach took exception to the remark and
criticized Sutro. Attorney Freldearich
tried to have the remark stricken from
the record, but Ach objected and the ref
eree refused to grant the motion.
Ach became wroth at this time and, ris
ing, said: "1 publicly withdraw as the
witness' individual counsel. My associa
tion with his partners as their counsel
will not permit me to consistently act as
his counsel in this matter. I would there
fore suggest an adjournment until he can
secure personal counsel."
Referee Green turned to Ettlinger and
asked him If he understood what Ach
was saying. The old mqji was fHirried'by
the remarks and tried to collect • his
thought?. He was uncertain as to hU» po
sition and tried to hold a . consultation
with the attorneys for the creditors. He
wanted Ach to listen to his txplanation,
but Ach declined unless the shorthand re
porters made it a part of the record. Ach
said he had no objection to h!s ; ex-client
holding a consultation with I he creditor
attorney, but he would not Join that con
ference.
Attorney Ach again tried to Inform the
witness that he need not answer the ques
tions, as, his answers might incriminate
him. but hl3 advice was -overlooked. At
torney Sutro could not refrain from iutex
jcctlng the remark that the witness "evi
dently did not desire Ach's advice."
WITHDRAWS AS COUNSEL!
"Did you ever miss it from the office
up to the time of the failure?" asked
Freidenrich In an effort to locate the
missing volume.
"I never had any use for It, therefore I
never missed it."
Ach pointedly told the witness he need
not answer the question- unless he so de
sired.
"At both places," replied Ettlinger.
"What business was carried on at
Crockett*?"
"Shipping of grain."
"Where were the books kept?"
Ach gave the witness the same instruc
tions, but his advice was overlooked as
before. The witness replied, "At both
places."
"What books were kept there?"
Against the advice of Ach tlfc witness
replied, "I am not familiar with that end
of the business?"
"You know that a warehouse book was
kept In the office of Eppinger & Co'.'"
Attorney Ach advised Ettlinger not to
answer, but he replied that he did.
"Do you know what became of that
warehouse book with its stubs and
pages?"
"I don't know. I paid no attention to
it." '
"I have no means to presume to the
contrary," replied Ach. The* examination
then continued.
"Where was the business at Crockett
carried on?" asked Freidenrich.
self?" asked Ach.
Freidenrich and his associates declined
to permit the question and objected to
the same. Ach explained that he wanted
to understand his position. Freidenrich
sarcastically retorted that if Ach desired
to Interview his client he had no objec
tion, but he would not consent to the ex
amination being interrupted at this time.
Ach explained to the referee that ho de
sired to understand his position, as it af
fected his making motions and objections
in the matter.
"You are attorney for the bankrupts
and also for the witness?" Interrupted
Commissioner Green.
WASHINGTON, Auj. 5. — Postofflce discon
tinued. August 15: Oregon— Lenox, Washing
ton County, supported' by rural free delivery,
mall to Hillsboro.
Postmaster commissioned: Washington —
George W. Wilson, Hamilton.
Army orders-^Captala Charles C Clark.
Fifth Infantry, upon expiration of leave of
absence Granted him at San Francisco, to
Plattsbur* Barracks. New York.
Captain Charles C. Clark of the Fifth
Infantry Is Ordered to Platts
burg Barracks.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
. "Then the conversation you had with him
concerning the $600 was held in the office?"
"Yes, sir." - ¦ < .
"Now was that on Friday, June fV or Sat
urday, June 6?" ''¦
"I think It was on, the evening of Friday,
June 8. When I offered him the . money he
said 'No.' and walked away; from me. I said
'You had better take this money.' "
* Ach attempted to advise the wltnesa not
to answer and. Sutro objected on the
ground that the referee would protect! the
witness. " : Freidenrich tried to . Din the ,wit-
"Yes, sir."
"I. call ¦your, attention to pages 25S and 250.
I call your attention to erasures on that page.
Who made those erasures?"
"I think 1 did. I carried $8firt 2.-. on hand,
it bi»liiK in the cash drawer. After uslu.tr the
monpy I scratched It off and I charged* It
to my account. I left it in the iSrawer or
put It in my- pocket, I don't remember which.
The next morning when 1 was Informed' that
notices were going to be sent out my father
spoke to me at my desk. Hp na:d he did
not have a. c«-nt In the world and I said, 'You
better, take th!s.'. and-I Rave him the moni>y
and charged It to myself. I think I grave
him $hoo of it and put the balance in my
pocket."
"When you gave the money to your father
it was not at the oftlce of Eppinger & Co.?"
"No, I think I save It to him riding: up In
the car with him. .
"Didn't you Just *ay it was in, th* . office
of Eppinger &Co. ? Was that true fcr not?"
"Very seldom." I
"Why did you do so on this occasion?"
"B»cnuse thi-re was no money in the office."
"And you put the money In . the cash
drawer?"
"By looking at the calendar are you able
to -say when - that meeting of creditors was
held?"
"No. sir." -> "> •';¦ '•'• ' V
"You don't know whether it was on
June C?"
"I remember the* morning: I got the money,
the notices were sent out that nljcht."
"Was it usual for you to take a check to
the bank and cash* it?"
"Yes. sir."
"The money was gone. I did not balance
the book .until a couple of days after the 5th
of June. All the time I had the money In
the drawer. That was the last entry I made
in the cash book."
. "You received it on the 5th of Jur.e. Don't
you know that the meeting of crcd'tors was
called on the (Jth of June?"
"I don't recall It, but I know the check
was Indorsed before the meeting of creditors."
"You knew that the meeting of creditors
had been mailed -the night before?"
"I call your attention to this item — 'J. L.
Eppinger, self $80t! 25.' Is that in your writ
ing? What did you mean by that Mitry?"
"I put it there to balance the book."
TRIES TO BALANCE BOOKS.
"Who was present?"
"Everybody in the office. I don't know
whether anybody saw me put It in there,
though. "
"Will you look at page 259 if the cash
book?"
"Yes. sir." • .
"Who Indorsed It?"
"My father. He did so on the morning we
got the check."
"What did you do with that money?"
"I put It in the cash drawer."
"I don't remember the exact date. It was
earlier than that. I could only tell by look
ing at the letter which accompanied the
check."
"Could you tell by looking at the entry in
the cash book?"
"I micht."
"Is it not a fact that the check was re
ceived on the Oth day of June?"
"I don't think so."
"What did you do with the check?"
"I cot the money for it from the bank."
"Yes, sir. I am a son of Jacob Eppinger
and was employed as cashier up to the time
of the failure or the firm."
"Did you receive, on or about the 5th day
of June, a check from H. H. Etter for
$SCQ 25?"
"You are an employe of Eppinger & Co.?"
Mr. Ettlinger was allowed to leavs the
stand and Joseph L; Eppinger was sworn.
Questions and answers continued as fol
lows:
"How old are you and where do you reside.
Mr. Eppinger?"
"I am 35 and live in San Francisco."
"You are turning him down good and
hard," retorted Sutro.
"Oh, no, I'm not. I advise him not to
make any statement," said Ach.
JOE EPPINGER EXPLAINS.
NEVADA, Aug. 5.— John Hlppert, a well
known young man of GraniteviHe. was
bitten by a rattlesnake this morning.
Hippert was walking along a dusty road
when the snake struck him on the ca!f of
the leg. Hlppert bandaged his leg after
sucking the poison from the wound antl
reached the Baltic mine almost exhaust
ed. He shortly afterward became uncon
scious. Medical aid was summoned and
it is thought that* Hippert may recover.
Bitten by a Rattlesnake.
OWES A LARGE AMOUNT.
"How much did you take altogether for five
years?" •
"Presumably, I drew $250 a month, which
I charged to myself for salary. Outside of
thnt I charged to my father. I charged to my
father an average of $1COU a month."
"For how lone a period did that continue.?"
"About six years. Before that I charged
everything I drew to myself."
"How much did you then draw?"
"About < $1000. Sometimes more. Between
$11CO and ?12C0; never over that."
Attorney Ach then took the witness in
hand and cross-examined him.
"What did you do with this money you
drew from Kpplneer & Co.?"
•'Spent seme of it, lived en it, speculated with
"Have you any of It now?"
' "No, sir." v
"You are a man of family T
"Yt-p. air."
"Where are you living now?"
"On Geary and Laguna streets."
"Are you engaged in any business now?"
"No, sir." "
"How larg-e a family have you?
"M> self, my wife and fox-terrier."
"Have you been very prosperous since then?"
"No sir. I took a room Tor myself and
wife at $<;O a month. I owe two weeks' boani
and lodging."
"How do you make a living?
"1 am • trying ¦ to get into something. Do
you- know. of nny posit lon^open?"
•'Do you owe unythins?"
"About ten thousand." _ .
"To whom?".
"Henry Mann. $10fP; J<w Harvey. -$7850;
William A. Plnkerton. f OftO : - Shreve & Co.,
$100; my tailor, ?6D0. That's all 1 can rcmem
b<r. 'I'm !n fine shape."* - .
An, adjournment was taken until next
Wednesday morning.
ness- down to the fact that he took the
money when the firm's doors had close.d
and Ach- renewed his objections. Freid
enrich then took another lead.
"I also observe an Item marked "expens;s coin
tags,' dated back five years and amount ing to
?'J"2 50. What does that mean?"
"It , means . taca in the drawer lor tbe past
five years."
"What do those tasrs represent?"
¦ "Touches. , Different people would come in
and ask tor. a loan over night and would give
me their I. O. U's."
"What became of those I. O. U's?"
"I tore them up long ago." * —
"How long ago?"
"A couple of years ago."'
"Why did you carry them along?"
"Probably a few of them were my own. I
'touched' myself occasionally."
VHow much were your own?"
"I don't remcrrber."
"Was It as much as $800 T'
"I don't think so. You will find that that
Item $972 50 gees back through the books."
•"How much did the firm owe you on June
C?"
"I never paid much attention to salary. I
generally drew money as I needed It. When
ever I needed money I simply drew it."
"No matter if your salary was overdrawn?"
"Yes, Fir."
"At the time you received this check the
firm did not owe you one cent?" •
"They may have owed me. I drew the same
as I ever did anything else while I was
•'Dldr.'t you know that the firm was in failing:
circumstances when you cashed the check for
$SGO 25?"
"I had heard that notices , were being sent
out."
"When you drew this sum did you draw it
on your salary account or some other ac
count?" . .
"I simply charged It to my own account, as
I had been in the habit of doing."
"I call your attention to another item in the
journal for the month of May. It is scratched
out. What does it mean?"
The witness explained that Bookkeeper
Mitchell had charged him $250 per month
salary, and he knew it was wrong.
"What was your salary?"
"As much as you could get?"
"Yep, sir."
Plumbers Decide to Resume Work.
SAN DIEGO, Aug. 5.— As a result of
two meetings held to-day the union
plumbers of this city, who yesterday de
termined not to work if work must be
done under the City Plumbing Inspector,
Walker, decided that they would resume
operations. They have secured an attor
ney and assert that they will present
definite charges against the present in
spector in order to secure his removal.
The incumbent is not a union man.
INTERESTING INCIDENT DURING
PROGRESS - OF BANKRUPTCY
PROCEEDINGS OF EPPINGERS.
The visitors enjoyed an outing at Oak
Park to-day and to-morrow will make a
trip down the river on the Pollywog.
STOCKTON, Aug. 5.— The District
Grand Lodge of colored Odd Fellows,
which adjourned last evening, elected
the following grand officers for the ensu
ing year: District grand master, W. T.
Shorey of San Francisco; deputy district
grand master, S. P. Johnson of Los An
geles; district grand secretary. A. Dumas
Jones of San Francisco; district grand
treasurer, A. B. Johnson of Sacramento;
district grand director, I. Bcal of Red
lands.
Redlands was chosen as the meeting
place of the next district Grand Lodge
session. • .*;( . ;;sV -
Redlands Is Chosen as the Meeting
Placo of the Next District
Grand Lodge Session.
COLORED ODD FELLOWS
ELECT THEIR OFFICERS
SPOKANE. Wash., Aug. 5.— Delcary
Smith, grand president of the Fraternal
Order of Eagles, to-day suspended the
entire aerie at Portland, Ore. It appears
the members had engaged in a factional
row over an alleged shortage in the booSs
of the financial secretary. Some members
have been expelled and others, including
Governor Chamberlain, have been sus
pended for non-payment of dues. Presi
dent Smith now settles the row by revok
ing the charter.
Suspends Portland Arie of Eagles.
EUREKA, Aug. 5.— Frederick Carney
Jr. of Marinette, Wls., arrived here yes
terday. Carney is a member of the II.
Witbeck Lumber Company, which owns
67C0 acres on Grizzly Creek, this county.
Negotiations are now under way for an
extension of a branch of the Northwest
ern to reach the timber. When the ar
rangements are completed It 13 said mills
will be built at once. The tract Is one of
the finest in the redwood belt and ex
perts'say it will cut 100,000 feet to the
acre straight through.
Will Tap Big Redwood Bslt.
REFUSES ACH'S ADVICE.
Arh Informed Kttlinger he need not an
pwer thp question if he so desired, as it
might incriminate him, and further be
caure his partners had been indicted for
transactions connected with the ware
house business.
. Ettlinger again ignored Ach and re
plied in the affirmative. The witness fur
ther volunteered the Information that the
firm's warehouses were situated at Crock
ett, Goshen, Dir.uba and near Fresno.
Ach was nettled at the stand taken by
Ettlinger and be conferred with the coun
sel for the creditors and tried -to have
them suspend their examination of the
•witness In order to give him an oppor
tunity of learning whether he was act
ing as his attorney.
"Uim vfiii «jth«.r counsel besides mi*-
"About $10u0. She doubled this, as the
rates of interest were very high at that
time. My wife died on March 30, 1900,
leaving all her property to me by will. In
the event of my death the same, however,
Is to revert to my daughter."
"Did the money with which Mrs. Hat
tie Strauss bought this land come from
you or your wife?"
"The biggest part came from her
mother. Her husband may have given
her money."
The witness' attention was directed to
entries In the ledger which showed that
ho had* drawn sums aggregating $10,000
for improving lands in the Ryer Reclama
tion District. He said that whenever tho
land was Hooded he advanced sums of
money to save it. He said the money had
not been repaid him and that he held no
promissory notes against the same. Et
tlinger said the land was now held by
Ettlinger & Co., a corporation, and that
he was interested in the same.
"Then these moneys have not been paid
to you and are still owing to you?"
"Yes. sir."
"Was the firm engaged in the warehouse
business?" ER&fi
LAND WAS LEASED.
"No. sir; some of the land was leased
to third parties. The leases were made
by the firm."
The attorney for the creditors then tried
to learn something about Ettlinger's
financial condition, whether he was not
a heavy landowner himself, but the aged
speculator replied that his daughter, Mrs.
Hattie Strauss, held property interests.
He said she was able to invest by reason
of money she had received from his de
ceased v/ife and himself.
"How much money did your wife have
when you married her in ISO?" the wit
ness was asked.
"Jacob Eppinger," said the witness,
"had charge of the whole business. All
orders came through him. I looked after
the land interests of the firm. I was busy
looking after the Ryer Island Reclamation
District, in which we were deeply inter
ested. I ordered supplies for the ranches.
Much of my time was spent in the coun
try looking after the ranches."
'•Was this land transferred to the Lon
don, Paris and American Bank," asked
Freidenrich.
"Yes, sir; Jacob Eppinger," replied the
witness, before Ach could advise him that
he need not answer the question, as it
might incriminate him. Much to Ach's
surprise, Ettlinger Ignored him and
seemed to be anxious to clear himself of
all blame in the matter.
Bernhard Ettlinger was then sworn and
he testified that he was 63 years of age
""ia resident of this city; that the firm
*»' Eppinger & Co. began business in
Dixon in 1SCS and that it opened an. office
in this city in 1SS0.
"Was It the duty of anyone member
of the firm to look after the finances?"
asked Mr. Freidenrich.
When the proceedings were opened be
fore the referee in bankruptcy yesterday
mcrnlng- Attorney Ach and Attorney
Freidenrich had a short argument as to
the refusal of the bankrupts to furnisli
the creditors with a schedule. Freidenrich
desired that Ach's clients , comply with
the often repeated request to file a sched
ule of liabilities. He said that the Ep
pingera were in contempt of court. Ach
thought otherwise and the referee di
rected counsel to prepare a bill of ex
ceptions for presentation to the Federal
court.
WANTS SCHEDULE FILED.
Joseph L. Eppinger, son of Jaeob Ep
pinger, the Indicted grain broker, was
then put on the witness stand and gave
testimony of a highly sensational charac
ter. The witness stated that he occupied
the position of cashier in the disrupted
firm and he admitted taking sums aggre
gating $1000 a month from the cash
drawer, which he spent In living and in
speculation. He was interrogated partic
ularly about a check for $S66 25, which he
recived from Mr. Ettcr on June 5, the
day before the doors of the firm were
closed, and he testified that he had
cashed the check, charged the amount to
himself and had given his father $G00 of
the amount and had kept $2-30 or more for
himself. Eppinger's admissions startled
the attorneys for the creditors.
When asked if he was a man of fam
ily Eppinger replied he was. He did
not know what salary he received. He
said he crossed out an entry made by
Bookkeeper Mitchell, charging him with
$2C0 a month salary, because he thought
he deserved more.
the advice of Attorney Henry
Ach yesterday morning, while giving tes
timony before Milton J. Green, referee In
bankruptcy, and the lawyer immediately
gave notice of his withdrawal as counsel
for the witness. At the suggestion of Ach
and at the request of his ex-client the
further hearing of Ettlinger's testimony
was continued until next Wednesday
morning, In order that Ettlinger may be
represented by counsel.
BERXHARD ETTLINGER, a mem
ber of the bankrupt grain firm of
Eppinger & Co., declined to accept
SAN, JOSE, Aug. 5.— Noel H. Garrison,
professor of Latin in the Stockton High
School, and Miss Mabel E. Butterfleld. a
popular young lady of this city, were
married here to-day. The ceremony took
place at the home of the father of the
bride. P. F. Butterfield, 601 North Third
street. Rev. H. M. Tenney of the Congre
gational church of this city, assisted by
Rev. Roy Eastman of Danville, officiated.
The bride is organist of the Congregation
al church and prominent in church af
fairs. After a short honeymoon Mr. and
Mrs. Garrison will reside in Stockton.
Weds a Belle of San Jose.
.. Along; the ri"v"er front the wind swept
a. number of lumber piles into the water
and blew light freight from the wharf
boats.
Near Skinner road, which passes
through the world's fair grounds, twenty
telegraph poles heavily strung with wires
were snapped like pipestems and fell
across the street car track, for the tim3
blocking traffic.
The wind lasted about five minutes and
was followed by a torrential rain, accom
panied by hail. Within twenty minutes
th~ rninstorm bad spent itself and set
f'<-d down to a fine summer rain, which
continued until evening. The tempera
ture dropped within ten minutes from 91
to CS decrees* ,
Th* Missouri State building, the only
cr.e of the six State buildings now in
course of construction not protected by
trees, was damaged to a small extent.
On the towers on the machinery build
ing are two flag?. As the wind reached
this building it lifted and passed between
the towers. One flag blew to the east
and the other to the west, yet neither
was displaced or injured.
The world's fair fire department turned
cut and hastily dug the injured men from
the debris and hurried them to the hos
pital. Mr. C!ark was so badly injured
that it is believed he will die before morn-
£T. LOUIS, Aug. 5.— One of the heav
*ieBt storms of the year, but of brief du
ration, swept over St. Louis at 3 o'clock
to-day, being preceded by a wind that in
the western portion of the city developed
fnto a miniature cyclone, that tore
through- the world's fair crounds, kill
'Ing one man, probably fatally injuring
cr.e and severely injuring' seven others,
besides causing damage to world's fair
buildings and other property generally
throughout the city to the extent of $10.
000. The preatest fury of the storm, was
felt at the world's fair erounds, where
"the casualties occurred. The dead:
; THEODORE KICHTER. florist.
The Injured: A. R. Clark, carpenter,
taken to hospital in dying condition; "Wil
liam Koch, carpenter; Henry Fahrenkopf.
carpenter; Ray Manley. laborer; John
"Wheelhouse, staff worker; Adrian Smith,
painter; P. L. Going, carpenter; Charles
V. Covir.gton, laborer.
The day had been extremely warm, the
temperature registering- 54 degrees. Sud
denly the sky began growing dark and
within a comparatively short time it be
(•ane necessarv to resort to artificial
lights in the stores. Soon after the storm
brcke with the force of a gale. Pedes
trians hurried for shelter and the wind
pwept through the streets, causing a little
damage here and there by broken win
dows, falling fifrns and shade trees.
At the world's fair grounds the wind
Fwept from the southeast to the north
frest in a miniature tornado. The agri
cultural building: stood £ji its path and
fix laborers working on "scaffolding were
hurled to the ground. Nine sets of trusses
and timbers were razed.
Theodore Richter. a florist from. Kirk
wor>d, a suburb, was on the ground run
ning to shelter, when a flying plank
Ftruck him, killing him Instantly. The
wind next struck the machinery building
end one of the two towers. 3G0 feet in
height, was stripped of scaffolding in a
twinkling and two workmen hurled to
the ercund In the debris. Both escaped
with severe bruises. Debris was blown
cgainst the staff covered sides of the
completed electricity building and sections
of the staff were torn away.
Workmen Are Buried Under Debris
of Falling Scaffolds. Seven Being
Severely and One Tslt
tally Injured.
Florist Is Struck by Hurtling
Plank and Instantly
Killed.
UKIAH, Aug. 5.— An Inquest was held
to-day in the case of Miss Lizzie Snow,
who committed suicide Tuesday evening
by shooting herself in the head, and a
verdict was rendered in accordance with
the facts. A third bullet hole was dis
covered in her head to-day and as the
pistol found by the body only contained
one empty shell, the case began to look
mysterious. A close examination was
then made of the room in which tha un
fortunate young woman died and another
pistol containing three empty shells waa
brought to light.
The evidence taken at the inquest was
to the effect that Miss Snow had been
mentally affected for several weeks. ' It
is believed by her friends that she was
demented when she took her own life, as
po other cause for the suicide is known.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Mrs. Keith, who is about 50 years of
age, has conducted a successful millin
ery business in San Francisco for many
years and has acquired considerable
property. Last week she tiled a suit for
divorce against her husband, Joseph H.
Keith, who resides at 2624 California
street, in San Francisco. In her com
plaint she alleged that her husband had
represented that she was insane and on
two occasions had caused her detention on
an insanity charge. Mrs. Keith alleged
that her business was worth 115,000, and
asked for a settlement of the community
property. /
SAN JOSE, Aug. 6.— Mrs. . Alma E.
Keith, a fashionable milliner of San
Francisco, with a large establishment on
Market street, has become insane and
was taken in charge by the police this
morning. She has been spending the sum
mer in San Jose and had apartments at
the Grand, on the corner of Second and
San Fernando streets. At an early hour
this morning Mrs. Keith was discovered
running from room to room in scanty at
tire and loudly calling for imaginary per
sons.* For her own safety it was deemed
best to turn her over to the police. Mrs.
Keith, was taken to the Red Cross Sani
tarium, which is conducted by Police
Matron Frost.
In Mrs. Keith's possession was found a
small hand satchel containing diamonds
and jewelry valued at more than $2000.
These have been taken charge of by
Chief of Police Carroll.
Mrs. Keith's condition is said to have
resulted from fright from the earthquake.
The Grand lodging-house is in the Louise
building, where considerable damage was
done by the earthquake. Part of the
tower of the building and several chim
neys were wrecked and created much
noise and excitement. Mrs.' Lusson, wife
of Dr. P. .M. L.usson, who' died of heart
disease from the earthquake shock, lived
at the Grand. Since that time Mrs.
Keith has been suffering from hysteria
and her condition has gradually become
¦worse.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Fright Following Earthquake
the Cause of Her Mental
Derangement.
Evidence Show3 That She
Had Been for Some Time
Mentally Afflicted.
Tornado Plays Pranks
With Buildings at
(St. Louis.
Jurors Find That Miss
Lizzie Snow Killed
Herself.
Say Mil
liner of San Fran
cisco Is Insane.
governed by the legal ad
vice of Henry Ach, and the
latter withdrew as his attor
ney. Joseph L. Eppinger,
son of the ruined grain
broker, testified to taking
$iooo a month from the
firm, and also admitted
cashing a check for $866 25
on the day before business
was suspended. He also ad
mitted giving three-fourths
of the money to his father,
Jacob Eppinger. The son
also made admissions that
surprised the attorneys for
the creditors.
THERE were sensa
tional developments
yesterday in the Ep
pinger case, which is now
being heard before Referee
in Bankruptcy Milton J.
Green. Bernhard Ettlinger
absolutely refused to be
STORM TEARS
WAY THROUGH
FAIR GROUNDS
POLICE ARREST
MBS. ALMA KEITH
INQUEST CLEARS
UP THE MYSTERY
Bernhard Ettlinger
Rejects Lawyer's
Advice.
Attorney Declines to
Act Further in
Case.
HENRY ACH WITHDRAWS AS COUNSEL
FOR MEMBER OF RUINED GRAIN FIRM
Joseph L. Eppinger
Gives Startling
Testimony.
*
Tells How Funds
of Firm Were
Disbursed.
THE . SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 6. 1903.
3
.. NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
WAS BALD SIX YEARS.
Three Months of the New Scientific
Treatment Restored His Hair.
Baldness is caused by dandruff, which is
caused by a germ. Kill the germ and it
1* almost certain that hair uill grow
again if the follicle has not been totally
destroyed. Nela Peterson of Urae Spur.
Mont., pays: '"J had been bald six years
and had triH all kinds of 'cures.' but
.without any benefit whatever until I tried
H'rpiclde. November 16, VZM. I began
upfng Herplcide. and in three months a
Mne growth of hair covered ray head com-
plrtely." AFk your drupgist for Horpi-
• idp. Everybody can have luxuriant,
glossy hair if H^rplcide Is us^d thorough-
ly. Tak* no substitute. Sold by Icadinpr
riniRSist*. Send |ftc In Ftamps for sample
to Th? Hcrjilride <"o.. Detroit. Mi^h.
• Does the Schilling's Best
moneyback offer ever get
taken? Yes.
On what complaint? The
flavoring extracts, for instance,
are 2 to 30 times as strong as
usual. Said to be inconvenient.
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
" I wrote to Doctor
Pierce, who sent me
a very kind letter
and advised me."
Thousands of weak and sick women
can trace the beginning of a new life of
perfect health to that letter written to
Dr. Pierce.
Sick and ailing women are invited to
consult Dr. Pierce, by letter, free. All
correspondence held as strictly private
and sacredly confidential. Address Dr.
R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription cures
weak and aching backs, headaches, nerv-
ousness and other womanly ailments' by
curing the womanly diseases which cause
them. .
"In the spring of 1000 I became very m."
write* Mrs. Alviena Scholtr, of Laics Washing-
ton. Lesneur Co.. Minn., "my back was very
weak and ached so that I co^Jd do no work at
ali. so I was obliged to take to ray bed. I felt a
constant* desire to urinate aad "the pains la
abdomen were almost unbearable. I wrote to
Dr. Pierce, who sent me a very kind letter, and
advised me to take his * Favorite Prescription '
and 'Golden Medical Discovery.' I took six
bottles of each and am a well woman now. I
cannot say enough in favor of Dr. Pierce's
medicines. *
" Favorite Prescription " makes weak
women strong, sick women well. Accept
no substitute for the medicine which
works wonders for weak women.
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets are the
most desirable laxative for delicate
women.Iron Brigade headquarters will be at
Pioneer Hall, and friends are Invited to
make themselves at home there. This
brigade Is composed of the Second. Sixth
and Seventh Wisconsin, the Nineteenth
Indiana and the Twenty-fourth Michigan.
Judge A. J. Buckles will be a prominent
member In the reception work.
Iron Brigade Headquarters.
There will be an Important rehearsal
this evening at the Olympic Club rooms.
Poet etr^et, for the participants In the
great chorus which will sing on the night
of the monster entertainment to be given
by the Olympic Club for the benefit of
the Grand Army entertainment fund, at
the Mechanics' Pavilion, Tuesday even
ing. August 11. All those whose patriot
ism prompts them to assist in enhancing
The committee on registration and in
formation calls for 100 volunteers from
the ranks of the Grand Army and the
Sons of Veterans to assist in the work
cf receiving visiting veterans and their
friends upon arrival, registering them at
the bureau and directing them to their
quarters. These volunteers are to act
In conjunction with and under the super
vision of the registration and information
bureau, and those who are willing to
give a little of their time to the service
are requested to call at once at the Grand
Army headquarters, room 1, Grand Ho
tel, and give their names and addresses.
The principal bureau of registration and
information wUl be open in a few days at
19 New Montgomery street, and branches
•will be established at the principal hotels,
railroad depots and meeting halls " and
points mostly frequented by visitors. The
gpaish-Axnerlcan War Veterans have vol
unteered their services, which have been
accepted.
OLYMPIC BEHZAESAL.
Supervisor Charles Boxton and Major
Hugh T. Sime represented to the G. A. R.
committee that a large number of Span
ish-American war veterans will attend
the national reunion.
can Veterans. The reunion of the
veterans cf that war and of the Philip
pine insurrection will take place in this
city during the week beginning August
IT,
THE executive committee of the
Grand Army appropriated last
night $500 for the National En
campment of the Spanish-Ameri-
A dozen past department commanders
are booked for this train, and many others
prominent in public affairs and In com
mercial circles will be among the merry
travelers to the Pacific Coast.
The. "Illinois G. A. R. Special" is sched
uled to leave Chicago Saturday evening,
August 8, at 7 o'clock, running over the
Chicago, Milwaukee and St. Paul Railway
to Omaha; thence over the Union Pacific
to Denver, over the Denver and R:o
Grande to Salt Lake City and Ogclen and
over the Southern Pacific to San Fran
cIeco. A stop of a few hours will be made
at Omaha. Monday will be spent in and
about Denver, with a run in the early
morning to Colorado Springs, where
those' who tire of the sleeper can gro to the
hotels for the night. Tuesday will be
given over to side trips to Pikes Peak,
Manltou, Cripple Creek and the Garden of
the Gods. Leaving Colorado Springs
early Wednesday morning, breakfast will
be taken at Pueblo, dinner at Salida and
supper at Glenwood Springs, thus giving
a daylight run through the mountain
scenery of Colorado. Thursday is to be
spent at Salt Lake City, with a run to
Ogden in the early evening; thence the ex
cursionists will proceed westward to the
coast, reaching San Francisco early Sat
urday morning, August 15.
It is expected that seven Pullman
coaches will be filled for the "Illinois G.
A. R. Special."' At the head of the Illi
nois delegation will be Hon. Benson
Wood, the department commander. Com
mander Wood has a creditable military
record. He has served a term as member
of Congress and was once Commissioner
of Pensions. He will be one of the con
spicuous figures in the party. He has the
unanimous indorsement, not alone of Illi
nois, but of nearly a dozen other depart
ments, as a candidate for commander In
chief. General Black is a charming man
personally and has a national reputation
as an orator. General Thomas W. Scott,
a member of the national executive com
mittee of the G. A. R., and the present
adjutant general of the Illinois National
Guard, will be another conspicuous figure
in the party.
ILLINOIS SPECIAL.
the success of the entertataro«nt by Join
ing the chorus are earnestly requested to
call at the Olympic Club house to-night.
The following additional donations to
the encampment fund have been received
at Grand Army headquarters:
Hotel Netherland $10; La Grande Laundry,
$10 : Builders' Exchange. $25: William Knapp
& Co.. $5; D. R. McNeal. $5; C. Mlchalitschke.
$5; Meyers & Evlfton. $5; Palace Hardware
Company. $5; Port Blakeley Lumber Company,
$5; Wilson. Lyon & Co.. $10; Haas Bros., sec
ond contribution. $10; Thuringia Insurance
Company $100; North German Fire Insurance
Company, $25; Scottish Union and National
lr.surar.ee Company. $25; Gutte & Frank, $25;
Atlas InKurance Company. $25: German In
surance Company of Freeport. $25: SJebe Bros
& Plagremann. $25: Sol Lewis. $10; California
Saw Works. $25; California Fire Works Com
pany. f25; City and County Hank. $25; Colum
bia Banking Company. $25; Cunningham, Cur
tis« & Welch. $25; California Fruit Canners'
Association $20; California Canneries. $20;
Cahn. Nickelsberg &. Co.. $20; Caley & Roeder
$20; Code-Portwood Company $10; California
Optical Company. $10. Already subscribed,
$19,048 25. Total to date. $20,223 25.
MEMBER OF THE ENTERTAINMENT COMMITTEE AND MEMBER OP
THE EONS OF VETERANS WHO WILL, BE PROMINENT IN COM
ING ENCAMPMENT OF THE GRAND ARMY.
LOUISVILLE. Ky.. Aug. 5. — Fire caused by
lightning to-night destroyed the Bourbon stock
yards and tft-o buildings adjoining them. Four
hundred and fifty eheep were byrned. • Loss,
$250,000.
Call on Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market
street, and see the machine that develops
films anywhere and any time,' and much
better than the old way. . •
The Dark Room Abolished.
the heirs
Draga's Debts to Be .Paid.
VIENNA, Aug. 5.— The Servian Govern
ment is arranging to pay the debts of the
late King Alexander and Queen Draga out
of "their estates. The debts amount to
$80,000 and the aggregate value of the
estates is $140,000. The surplus will go to
Governor Rowland was born in Philadel
phia, Pa., seventy-three years ago. .He
came to this home from Santa Monica,
Cal.. six years ago to take the place of A. 1
J. Smith, who was transferred. His ad
ministration was harmonious and marked
by his order which wiped from the map
the notorious "Klondike Saloon City,"
which bordered the home grounds and
had been the scene of the murder of
many old veterans.
Governor Rowland volunteered his ser
vices to the Government- at Qulncy, III.,
August 1, 1S61. He was made a first lieu-,
tenant and was commissioned adjutant.
Later he was appointed a major in the
Tenth Illinois Infantry. lie resigned his
commission in 1862. After the war he was
elected Mayor of Qulncy, 111.
LEAVENWORTH. Kans., Aug. 5.— J.O.
Rowland, governor of the Soldiers' Home
at this place, died this v evening at 9:20
o'clock of Brlght's disease. He had been
failing for some time, and several months
ago was compelled to take a vacation. Ha
returned and seemed much improved un
til two weeks ago, when he was again
taken down. . -„
Sheriff Ed Cal!ahan followed Judge
Hargls on the witness stand. Several
times he became confused and contra
dicted his testimony. He corroborated
Judge Hargis as to what Hargis told
Ewen when he rent for him and asked
as to who did the killing and if he saw
any one do it. Ewen,' he stated, said to
them th«t he did not know who did it.
and that he (Ewen) was afraid of his
life. Hargis urged him to assist the au
thorities in rapturing the murderer and
said that if necessary he would wire Gov
ernor Beckham to send fifty soldiers to
Jackson, and they would protect him.
On cross-examination Callahan contra
dicted himself several times. Several of
his statements did not correspond- with
his testimony before the Grand Jury
which indicted Jett and White.
Judge Hargis was cross-examined by
Byrd. In reply to a question as to why
he stood by Jett, his nephew, when they
did not speak to each other. Hargis said
Jett was not treated right when he was
brought lo court by fifty soldiers with a
Gatling gun. On being pressed for an
other reason, Harsis said that Jetfs
mother who was his elder sister, had
cared for him during* the war when his
father had been carried away by Federal
soldiers, and that as an honest man he
now wanted to repay that debt with v in
terest.
Judge James Hargls was called to the
stand. He said he saw Ewen running
and Marcum fall, and saw Curtis Jett
on a street corner near a tree after the
shooting. He said Sheriff Ca!Iahan'was
in his store and he prevented Callahan
going out. Afterward the witness sent
for. Ewen to talk about the murder.
CYNTHIANA. Ky.. Aug. 5.— In the Jett
and White ,$rial to-day the defense placed
Mrs. Lulu South, a sister of. Judge Har
ris, on the stand. She contradicted Miss
Emma Clark, who testified for the com
monwealth, and corroborated other wit
nesses for the defense.
Statements have been made in certain
newspapers declaring that the State of
ficials should be investigated and It is pre
sumed the Grand Jury called these to give
them an opportunity to testify regarding
bcodling and to deny any allegations that
may have been made against them. Wil
liam H. Phelps of Carthage is expected to
come before the Grand Jury to-morrow,
when, it is thought, he will be questioned
regarding the distribution of passes to
members of the State Legislature. •
Former Lieutenant Governor John A.
I/ee was before the Grand Jury for two
hours this afternoon. He arrlve'd from
St. Louis at noon and went directly to the
Grand Jury room. The nature of his tes
timony is not known.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 5.— Harry. A. Faulk
ner, former member .of the House of Del
egates, was to-day, as the result of fiis
third trial on the charge of perjury, con
victed and his punishment fixed at three
years' Imprisonment in the penitentiary.
At the first trial Faulkner was convicted,
but the Supreme Court reversed and re
manded the case. The jury that tried the
case the second time disagreed.
The Jury was out -forty-nine minutes.
Faulkner's counsel, immediately . filed a
motion for a new trial and bond in the
sum of $15,C00 was given.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo.. Aug. 5.—Gov
ernor Dockery, Secretary of State Cook,
Treasurer Willlama and Auditor Al
len, who comprise . the executive
department of -the- State, were to
day summoned before the Cole
County Grand Jury that is Investi
gating charges of legislative boodle. AH
the officials acknowledged service and
proceeded together to the courthouse in
company with the Attorney General.
The Governor was the first to enter the
Jury-room. He remained about five min
utes and was followed by Cook, "Williams
and Allen, who remained only a short
while. : '
Missouri's Chief Executive
Is Asked Concerning
Boodling Case.
Former Santa Monica Official
and Veteran of the
Civil War.
Sheriff Callahan Makes Con
tradictory Statements on
the Stand.
Dockery Appears Be
fore the Cole County
Grand Jury:
Famous Governor of
Soldiers' Home Is
No More.
Head of Kentucky Feud
Clan Testifies for
His Nephew.
CALLS GOVERNOR
AS A WITNESS
JUDGE HARGIS
IS A WITNESS
ROWLAND DIES
AT LEAVENWORTH
Grand Army Executive Committee Allows Money for a
National Encampment of Spanish-American War Sol
diers and Sailors— Plans for Olympic Glub Concert
VETERANS OF CIVIL WAR
PREPARE FOR REUNION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST U, l»O3.
4
Dr. Tyndall'a Lectures.
Those interested In the marvels of wire-
less communication are having exception-
al opportunities to study Its phenomena,
under the able direction of Dr. Alexander
J. Mclvor-Tyndall, the "Marconi ' of the
mind," as he is justly, called. Dr. Mc-
Ivor-Tyndall demonstrates the wonderful
perfection to which he has brought this
psychic power at Stelnway Hall every
Sunday evening.
The subject of Dr. Melvor-Tyndairs
lecture ¦ the coming Sunday evening will
bo "The Power'jOf Persuasion."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
APPETITE'S POOR!
, .;A sure sign that the stomach is
out of order, the bowels are con-
stipated and the liver inactive.
You cannot enjoy your food as
long as this condition prevails,
and unless it is remedied at once
you're going to be serious-y ill.
A few doses of Hostetter's Stom-
ach Bitters will make a great im-
provement in your condition. It
will make the stomach healthy, re-
store the appetite and cure Heart-
burn, Indigestion, Dyspepsia and
Constipation.
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS.
2 visit DR. JORDAN'S great 4
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
o Q) •snmizirr.tet.eTitTi.G.r.cii, i
\ fcj Th* Ltrreft Aettsoical Mineral In tbe \
A .JLl World. V. uktruti or aay contracted m
W I SEQ 4UW p»»<M»»lycmr«^hyUeold«tt T
O i j| I fcpccullu on tbe Ccul lUt. 36 year*. Q
A V&$ 1 OR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF KEN 4
I^m)O Ontultwton free and ftrictly prirtte. \
A \ V2 H Trmimtxt prrtoulljr or by Irttrr. A A)
f I "T ¦ /***•» ffcrtlaeTeryeaM undertaken." \
At ft Wrtt«forBo*k.PHILOSOraV«r 1
V • ? ¦*nnlACK. MAILED »EB. CAT
A A I «IujW. twok for nn) \
¥ mh. J lit* A^ A CO.. 1051 Xsrket St.. 8. F. f
DoveShooting
: Is Good NOW
Paso Rob Bes
Hot Springs I
r ' For Particulars Write
[[', W. A. JUNKER.
• i , . Lessee and Manager.
- Paso Robles, C*L
Or Call On
THOMAS COOK & SON.
( 625 Market Street, .
i San Francisco.
i Information Bureau. Southern Pacific. [
< 613 Market Street.
napa Napa County,
SODA SPRINGS,! Cal. |
FOR HEALTH AND PLEASURE GO TO
Napa Soda Springs. Situated 1COO feet above
the beautiful Napa Valley. Hot and cold soda
baths. Shetland ponies and burros for children.
Two trains dally. 7:30 a. m. and 4 p. m. Add.
DOLLMANN & JACOBS, Napa Soda Springs.
BARTLETT SPRINGS
Now is the time to re-
gain your health and
have a good time.
Write J. E. McMAHAN, Bart-
Iett Springs, Cal., or apply at No.
2 Sutter St., S. F., for full informa-
tion.
Pamphlets Mailed on Application.
£TNA SPRINGS
The finest months of the year are August
and September. Autumn tints on the moun-
tains. Invigorating air and health-giving
waters. Pleasure and comfort combined.
Swimming;, bowling, driving, etc. . Send for
pamphlet. Round trip from San Francisco $7.
AETWA SPKIKQS COMPANY, .
Aetna Spring's, Napa Co., Cal.
NEW ANNEX
GOLF LINKS.
ORCHESTRA.
HOTEL VENDOME,
SAN JOSE. CAL.
SWIMMING.
BOWLINO.
AUTOMOBILES.
Spiers Springs
LAKE COUNTY.
Wondtrful curative properties for aU disor-
ders of the stomach. Also a positive cure for
liver and kidney troubles. New hotel asd cot-
tage- $10 to $14 Per week. Best trout fishing
In Lake County. Round-trip ticket. S. P. of-
fice $8. For particulars call at Peck's Bureau.
11 ' Montgomery St., or address JOSHUA
SPIERS, Proc; mall via. Mlddletowa.
YOSBMITE VALLEY
ONLY 13 HOURS FROM SAN FRANCISCO.
OVER OILED ROADS via WAWONA AND
INSPIRATION POINT.
THE ONLY ROUTE TO MARIPOSA BIO'
I / TREES!
THE ONLY ROUTE VIA INSPIRATION
POINT!
For particulars address A. 8. MANN, 613
MARKET ST.. SAN FP.ANCISCO.
HOTEL WILLITS.
First season. New building; up to date
equipment; over a* hundred rooms, handsomely
furnished: large dining-room; rooms en suite
with prlvat* baths: hot and cold water: elec-
tric lights: flrst-class plumbing and perfect
sewerage. Redwoods and mountainous country
around with all their pleasures; center of the
de«r hunting and nihln* of Mendoclno County.
$2 to »S 80 per day: S10 to $13 per week. Ad-
dress WILLIAM WEIQAND. Manager, WU-
llts, Mendoclno County, Cal.
Seigler Hot Springs.
Natural hot baths, wonderful stomach waters.
¦wlmming pond, games, livery: $9 to $14 p«r
week. Booklets at Peck'i. 11 Montgomery St..
or H. H. McGOWAN. Seigler. Lake Co.. Cal.
OWN A HOME MEEKER
Free from fog and wind. Lots $10 up. Cot-
tages built by Meeker. $50 up. Boating. bath-
Ing, tenting ground; sawmill, depot, store. P.
O. Sausallto ferry. M. C. MEEKER, Camp
Meeker. Sonoma County.
HOTEL BON AIR.
New modern 80-room hotel; Rosa Valley;
first-class every par.; fishing, boating, swim-
ming, beautiful drives; bus meets 10. 11. 2
trains Kent sta. MR. & MRS. J. E. MAN-
LOVE, props. P. O. ad. Ross Valley. Marin Co.
KLAMATH SPRINGS,
BES WICK. EISKIYOU CO.. CAL.
Finest fishing, hunting and health resort on
the coast. Send for booklet.
EDSON BROS.. Proprietors.
Campbell Hot Springs.
! 16 hours' rail to Boca: stage for springs con-
nects e p. m. train from city; round trip. In-
cluding stage. $14 SO. good for season. Rates.
$10 per week.
BONNIE NOOK
Alt. 4000 ft; bait ml. ita.; cottages, tents,
boating, bowling, elect, lights. H. D. WIARD
Towle. Placer County, Cal.
WHITE SULPHUR SFKITTQS — Most
accessible springs to San Francisco. Round
trip II. no stage fare. Only 2*4 hours' ride;
five miles from Vallejo. Hot. cold tnd plunge
(ulphur baths: wonderful cures of rheumatism
neuralgia, eczema, kidney, liver and stomach
diseases. Beautiful grounds and lake for boat-
Ing and bathing. Dancing pavilion, bowling
alley, croquet grounds. Rates. $10 a week and
up. Address MANUEL MADRID. Vallejo. Cal.
FESCADEBO.
Swanton House, under new management,
popular hotel of San Mateo Co. Commodious
cottages, beautiful grounds, famous pebbi*
beach, fishing hunting, sea bathing. Phon*.
Rates, $S and $10 per week. W. L. STEVENS
Proprietor. . '
' rEEEMAN HOTEL,
Auburn. Placer. Co.. Cal. Most popular sum-
mer and winter resort In the foothills. Eleva-
tion 110O feet. Electric bells. Electric lights.
Prices moderate. Address
FREEMAN & WALSH. Proprietors..
THQpAM MINERAL
lUObHIl SPRINGS
Located n!n« miles northeast of Red Bluff oa
• the l!a» of th« Southern Pacific B*llro»i
The undersisned bsgs to Inform th» public
that it haa giieoceiled to the ownership ar.t
management of.thesa famous springs, ana n
is their puipose to conduct them In a manner
that will Insure such care and comfort to Its
patron* as will be thoroughly satisfactory. Par-
ticular attention wtll be given to the cuisine
and diclng-room service. Furthermore, it la
the Intention of the new owners to extenslrely
Improve and beautify the property— which
a<ided to the marvelous curative properties o*
the various springs In cases of Gout. Rheuma-
tism Catarrh of the Bladder. Gravel. trtaDetei.
Kidney Troubles of every variety. Urinary trou-
Mea Skin Diseases Dyspepsia. Cystitis an 1
Blood Diseases of every description will place
the "TUSCAN SPRINGS" Ja the front rants
of the famous mineral eprings of the world.
Cases of RHEUMATISM. GOUT AND At.T,
EI.OOD DISEASES WIT,I. BE ACCEPTED
TENDER A GUARANTEE THAT THEY WILL
BE CURED V.-1THIN A SPECIFIED TIMR
OR ALL. EXPENSES INCLUDING RAIL-
WAY FARE. WILL BE REFUNDED.
These woi«1»rful springs can b« reached ry
the Southern Pacilo Company's system of rail-
ways and Its connections throughout th*
United States.
Tuscan Mineral Springs Corporation.
An experlecced physician resides at the springs.
Stagro tratsfer service between Red Bluff an|
Tuscan Springs.
For rs«:es cf Jaio and routes of travel apply
to any Southern laciflo Railrcad Agent.
fsHOTEL CAPIT0UW
CAPX*OXiA, CAS.
The Seaside Resort of Central H
California. - H
Only three and a half hours from r
San Pranclsco. Sound trip rate, E|
Boating' on River, Fishing', Sort |
Bathing 1 , Naphtha Launches. Or- H
chestra. Band Concerts. Bowling, f]
Board Walks. Special Amuse- N
merits for Children. U
I August aad September Ideal
Months.
Salmon Pishin? ' now at Its
height. Electric Railway to Saata
Cruz, four miles.
More lr.formatlou and descriptive bock
by calling on Peck's Bureau, 11 Mont-
¦I gomery St.. San Franclaco. or by a<l- 1
ft. rtro«sing Hotel Capltola, Capltola. Cal. I
Santa Catajina Island
3fi Hours From Los Angeles.
Season 1903.
Oar Marine Band of 30 Artists.
OUTDOOR PASTIMES, BOATING. BATH-
ING. FISHING. GOUT. ETC
The Famous Canvas City Is Now Open!
With an Entirely Hew Equipment. In Ehady
. Grove. .
HOTEL METROPOXJS,
With Modern Appointment*. Always Open.
Reservations Made. Address
BANN1NO CO.. 222 SOUTH SPRING ST..
LO3 ANGELES, OR
PECK'S BUREAU, 11 MONTGOMERT" ST..
SAN FRANCISCO.
e\ir m r\r\e\ hot springs, sonoma
Sk ilNNS 'COUNTY; only 4 H hours
UA/lvUU from San Francisco and
but 9 miles staging; wa-
ters noted for medicinal virtues; best natural
hot mineral water bath In State; boating and
swimming In Warm Springs Creek; good trout
streams : telephone, telegraph, daily mall, ex-
press, and San Francisco morning and evenln*;
papers; FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE
SERVICE; both morning and afternoon stages;
round trip from San Francisco only S5.50. Take
Tiburon ferry at 7:30 a. m. and 2:30 p. m.
Rates $2 a day or $12 a week. References, any
guest of the past eight years. Patronage of
1902 unprecedented. Information at Peck's In-
formation Bureau, 11 Montgomery St.: also at
Traveler office. €30 Market St., or of J. I*.
MULGREW. Skaggs. Cal.
PARAISO SPRINGS
SXOCTTEBEY COTJWTY, CAL.
The leading Summer Resort of the
Pacific Coast. Hot Soda and Sulphur
Baths, large Swimming Tank, first-
class table. Send for beautiful illus-
trated booklet and rates to F. W,
Schroeder, Manager, or San Francis-
co Agent, ii Montgomery street.
Tahoe Tavern at Lake Tahoe
Is new open for the reception of tuests.
Our patroaa of last season say: "Ta-
lioe Tavern la tae equal of any namu
retort hotel In the world."
and that Lake Tahoe has no equal. Visit na
and prove statement for yourselves. Rates
from $3.50 per day upward. For particulars
or reservation of rcoms address Tahoe Tavern,
Tahoe City, Cal.
Adams Springs
LAKE COUNTY. CAL.
STILL HAS THE CEOWB.
BEST WATER.
SUPERIOR SERV1CE-
Durlng the month of August the celebrated
Merced Concert Band In full uniform win b«
at th. »°rlng». R w R PRAT HER. Prop.
CAMP VACATION.
A hotel under canvas. Situated near Guerne-
vllle. with a mile and • hair frontage on th<»
Russian River. Tents In a txautUul grove of
redwood, oak. madrono, laurel and other trees.
A lovely valley of 130 acres. Boating, bathln*
and fishing. Terms $10 per week Railroad
fare round trip from San Francisco. $2 5o.
Take boat at Tiburon ferry. Address MR3.
L. C. CNOPIUS. Camp Vacation, near Guerne-
vllle. Sonoma County. Cal.
VICHY SPRINGS.
3 miles from Uklah. Mendoclno Co. Natural
electric waters, champagne baths Only place
In the world of this class. Fishing, hunting.
6ARDEN CITY SANITARIUM 8AN ca12 sb *
Hydrotherapy. electricity. X-ray, massage, eta.
Modern. Ideally located. Send for literature.
nrrn DiDf IVV and cottsjes: 6 ml. from
DfctK JrAKK imVLake Tahoe: open Jua*
I ¦ e [ e v 6507 ft. ; mineral spgs. Traveler. *¦'¦¦•
jikt St.: booklet. J. B. Scott. Deer Park. Cal.
ClfilC CTIRIF^ Uklah. Tourists, caaip-
fcAULfc MADLC3 erj , hunters. Write M U.
A. EWred for rates for any kind of turnout.
C^jjFEKS — Kurnlshed tents "complete": *1'-
eknt prtvate grounds. Inquire Mlllwoo<1 s*»-
tlon or Kastland V. P.; Whfoler .Martin.
BEBOESHETil — In the Santa Cruz rev;-
m-oofls: $? and fS weekly. For circulars wrttV
Mrs E. Wilken. R. F. IX. box 121. Santa Crua.
lEEETCALi
16 Pages. 61 per Year
A POI mH CUSTOM ¦
THE WEDDING PARTY
. - • . • . ' ¦ . . .. ,. ...-., ... ¦.......,_ B
By KOWALSKI §
Call Art Supplement, August 9, 1903 I
i , - — — _____ , p — :
"The Wedding Party," by Kowalski, illustrates the Polish form of a |j
custom which exists in almost every civilized and many semi-civilized ©
In the agricultural districts of Poland, where horses are most neces- 9
sary to .cover long distances over the broad steppes, it is most natural ¦
that the wedding procession should take the form of a "promenade en - S
voituile." It is such a scene, full of life and gayety, that is depicted in ©
the picture reproduced in the art supplement. Laughing faces, bright o
color and lively movement combine to give the scene a character of joy- "
ousness and a "go" seldom found in pictorial representations. gj
"The Wedding Party," which is at present exhibited at the Chicago ®
Art Institute, is the property of Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Bosenbaum of Chi- •
cago, and is held in high favor. g
| Cut this description out of the paper and paste it on the back of the picture after it is framed, | •
This beautiful picture will be offered FREE, as usual, of course, §
with the next Sunday issue of THE CALL. S
All Newsdealers Sell The Sunday Calif
And it would be well to place your order early, as the supply is limited. 8
THEY ARE FRAMING THE CALL ART SUPPLEMEMTS 1 1
• The Following Art Dealers Are Making a Specialty of Framing Call Art Supplements: ___^ ¦
SACRAMENTO-Hevener, Mier & ton Racket Store. 711 East Main street; SAN DIEGO-W. P. Fuller & Co 71 ¦
Co. 616 J street; C. N. DavlB. book Gage's art store. 509 East Main street; F street. ' S
ttore 817 K street. J. -'¦ • Weber's art store, 423 East Main street. •c-r-ccm/-! e «_ t^i . m
ten & Son.^ , „ , ALAMEDA-C. P. Magasnos, 1358 REDWOOD CITY-W. L. Kline. B
STOCKTON-Morris Bros/ Book- Park street. . SANTA CRUZ-H. E. Irish, Cooke '«
•tore, 20 North Eldorado street; Stock- CHICO— Fetters &• Williams. Bros.. F. R. Hew. George Hoban. gjjSCENES AT/THE FIRE IN THE EXCELSIOR LUMBER COMPANY'S
YARDS. WHEN $100,000 "WORTH OF PROPERTY WAS DESTROYED
AND "TO'O WAREHOUSES WERE THREATENED. / *.
TELLURIDE, Colo., Aug. 8.— John . Conn,
one of the miners charged with murder and
other crimes in connection with the Smugglers-
Union riot ¦ of July. 1001, was arrested by
Sheriff Rutan to-day. Conn, had been .a fugi
tive, along with many other union men, against
whom informations were filed by the District
Attorney, but he returned to the city last night.
Most striking effects are produced by
premium pictures mounted on harmonious
tinted raw silk mat boards— greens,
grays, black and red— most stunning and
artistic, for a very moderate outlay. San
bom. Vail & Co.. 741 Market'street. ' • '
Poster Pictures.
PORTLAND. Or., Augr. 6.— Earl Mclntosh,
David McMooney. ha Landers and Arthur
Hicks, who were arrested a week ago on a
charge of holding up an electric car on the.
Oregon City line, were released from custody
to-day ' by Municipal Judge Hogua at the re
quest of the - District Attorney. The four men
state that their attorney will at once begin
action against Sheriff W. A. Story for 110.000
each for false Imprisonment. . .
SAN JOSE, Aug. 5.— Sister Pharailde of
the convent of Notre Dame of this city
died to-day. Deceased was a native of
Belgium and 62 years of age. She had
bees in the San Jose convent for thirty
two years. Sister Pharailde was , noted
for her good works and piety and had a
host of friends among th» students of the
school, funeral services will be held in
the convent chapel at 8 o'clock to-morrow
morning. - -.
Death of Sister Pharailde.
Ulctma Breaks a Record.
SEATTLE. Aug. 5.— JJlctma broke the
world's official record at the Meadows to
day by running three and a half furlong3
in Mi. seconds, shaving the Washington
Park record a quarter of a second. She
defeated Judge Thomas, the world's rec
ord quarter-horse. Ulctma ls by Salvado-
Llghtnlng and made her initial appear
ance on a recognized track at The Mead
ows In .June last. She is owned by W. F.
Robb of this city. Summary;
One mile dash for 2:20 trotters — Brlney K
won, Kedskin ¦ eecond, Belladi third. Time,
2:13%. (
Five and a half furlongs — F. E. Shaw won,
H. L. Frank second, Allesandro third. Time,,
1:09., ¦ ~ s
Three and a .half furlongs — Ulctma won.
Glpndenntng second, Judge Thomas third.
Time. :41V*.
One mile — Milwaukee won, Cambaceres sec
ond. Burdock third. . Time, 1:41%.
Five and a half furlonss — Almoner won,
Vlnce second. Dr. Sherman third. Time. 1:08V*.
One mile and seventy yards — Fossil won,
Solon second. Rosarie third. Time. 1:44^&.
Alice Scott Beats Hay Carter in the
Final of the Ladies' Handi
cap Singles.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 5.— The mixed
doubles furnished the best display of
tennis at the Casino courts, Santa Monica,
to-day. There was a noticeable increase
in attendance and some closely contested
matches were, played. Results:
Men's singles, second round — Way beat Brit
ton. rt-2, 5-0 (Brltton quit). Third round —
Overton beat Way. 6-2, 6-2. Bell beat Lane.
6-1. e-O.
Ladies* open singles, preliminary — Miss
Dobbins beat Mm. Hendrlck, 8-3. 2-8, 9-7.
Ladies' handicap, singles, final — Alice Scott
beat May Carter. 6-4, 6-4.
Men'a doubles^ — Varlel and Hendrick beat
Bcrnheim and Hutton. 6-3, 5-7. 6-2. Second
round — Way and Bell beat Alnaworth and Gor
hftm. - - - *
Junior singles, -final — Gorham beat J. Don
nell. 6-3. 6-4. 6-2.
Mixed doubles—Way and May Sutton beat
Gorham and Miss Peralta. 0-1. 0-0: Alnaworth
and Miss Schumacher beat Lane and Miss Sey
mour. C-4. 14-12: Bell and Miss Dobbins beat
Bundy and Miss Ryan, 0-1. K-2; H. Donnoll
and ¦ Florence Sutton beat May Carter and
Frank Carter. 6-4. 3-6. 6-4.
CLOSE TENNIS GAMES ON.
;;^; SANTA MONICA COT7BTS
CLEVELAND, Ohio. Ausust 5. — Dr. Adolph
Cuddcll and Dr. Ernest H. Luete, prominent
young Cleveland physicians, were drowned in
Like Erie, off the German- American Club
house, to-night.
SANTA PAULA. Aug. 5.— B. H. Orne. an
aged tunnel man. was killed by a blast In the
Wheeler canyon tunnel. The accident was
caused by failure of the workmen to discon
nect the electrical firing device used to set off
the blasts.
LONDON, Aug. 6.— Michael Davitt, In a
letter published in the Dally , News this
morning, reproached King Edward for his
failure during his visit to Ireland to exer
cise royal clemency and liberate Colonel
Lynch, the only remaining Irish, political
prisoner. ' ¦
Davitt Beproaches the King.
Changes Among Navy Paymasters.
VALLEJO. Aug. 6.-Paymaster Perry
G. Kennard. who relieved Paymaster
George Browne Jr. on the Independence
August I. has received orders to report
to the Boston as paymaster of the ship.
His place on the Independence will be
taken by George W. Pigman Jr., who
ls to arrive September 1 from the Asiatic
etation. where he has been on duty for
three years as paymaster of the United^
States steamer Helena.
about $5,000,000, mostly secured. The as
sets are said to Include several million
dollars of Stock Exchange securities, the
value of which Is almost altogether con
tingent on market conditions.
The firm of Jfurjbut, Hatch & Co. (John
Henry Hurlbut. E. Sanford Hatch., the
board member and J. Frailey Smith) was
organized In September, 1890. Their finan
cial embarrassment has been a matter of
general comment in the "street" for some
weeks. No statement regarding their af
fairs was obtainable to-day.
For a time it looked as it the two ware
houses belonging to the Mission Bay
Warehouse Company were doomed. They
contained 25,000 sacks of grain and other
perishable merchandise. The warehouse
south of the lumber yard was In flames
several times, but the combined efforts of
the employes and the firemen kept it from
destruction. The warehouse east of the
lumber yard was in peril, fior over two
hours and It was deemed a measure of
necessity to begin the removal of the
grain. Some of it was lotfed Into a
schooner In the creek and another portion
was carried out on the flat out of reach
of the flames by direction of the under
writers. After a fierce battle on the east
ern side lasting over two hours, the flre
was confined to the blazing piles of lum
ber.
When Chief Sullivan of the Fire De
partment arrived on the scene the con
flagration had assumed such proportions
that he sent- In a third alarm and appar
atus came from all parts of the city." Hy
drants were scarce south of Fourth
street bridge and only two engines were
able to couple close to the fire. The others
strung hose from across the bridge and
the long lines proved too heavy to be
wieldy.
FANNED by a stiff western wind
flames that began at 9:55 o'clock
yesterday morning destroyed about
$100,000 worth of lumber and ma
chinery In the planing mill and
lumber yards of the Excelsior Lumber
Company, situated In the block bounded
by Kentucky, Fourth and Channel streets
and running to the water front on Mis
sion flat.
The flre broke out In the molding-room,
according to the accounts of the em
ployes, and spread with inconceivable
rapidity to the store shed In the rear and
to the office building fronting on Ken
tucky street. From there It attacked the
planing mill and almost before any of the
flre apparatus had arrived on the scene
there was a solid brock of flames, extend
ing from Mission Creek to Channel street,
between Fourth street and the bay.
The fire crept through the piled lumber
in the store shed and suddenly the whole
mass sprang into blaze, communicating
with the lumber piles outside. The flames
ate their way through a section of stack
ed timbers, destroying everything in their
path for a width of 300 feet. Dense vol
umes of smoke poured from the burning
mass, seriously impeding the efforts of
the firemen and effectually concealing the
ravages that were being made by the
flames in the yards.
"WAREHOUSES THREATENED.
IMPERIAL, Aug. 5.— W. F. Holt of
Redlands has arrived here with ! a con
firmation of the report that a railroad will
be built this fall connecting the Imperial
branch of the Southern Pacific road with
Holton, eleven miles east of here. He
also says his company will begin work at
once to develop power for the east side
canal, which has a capacity of 1700 horse
power. Imperial and other towns of the
valley will thus be supplied with elec
tricity. The company is composed of
capitalists of Redlands and Los Angeles.
Imperlal-Holton Branch Railroad.
One of the employes in the molding
room, where the fire started, had his
hand burned slightly by the Ignition of a
can of paint he was holding, and Captain
Sullivan of engine 12 was overcome by
smoke, but quickly resuscitated. The fire
is said to have had its origin in the igni
tion of Inflammable paint used In coloring
hoops. . v.;v
When the flames spread to the engine
room of the planing mill the engineers
were driven out before they could drain
the boilers and for a time it was feared
that explosions might add fatalities to the
disaster. One of the boilers did explode,
but It caused ne serious damage. Captain
Spillane of the Southern station person
ally took charge of the police detail at
the flre and kept curious sightseers out of
harm's way until all danger was passed.
C A. Hooper, president of the Excel
sior Lumber Company, said yesterday
afternoon that as far as could be ascer
tained the loss to the company would be
about $100,000 and that $67,000 of this was
covered by j insurance. Among the ma
terial lost was a large quantity of lumber
finished on a contract with Williams &
Co. of New York to be used for the new
cable stations at Guam and in the Philip
pines. The mill and yards employed about
175 men and many of these will be thrown
out of work.
The center of the wharf on which the
burning lumber was piled caught flre un
derneath and for hours presented a solid
wall of flame over the water of the bay.
After the fire on the Burface had been
controlled holes were cut In the wharf
and streams deflected below, with the re
sult that all those portions of the struc
ture that had not already caved in were
saved frcm further ravages. At 1 o'clock
Chief Sullivan announced that the flre was
under control.
The arrival of the flre tugs Governor
Markham and Governor Irwin did much
to relieve the pressure and limit the dam
age by supplying the much felt want of
water supply. Four lines of hose * were
laid from the Markham and three from
the Irwin and with thesg reinforcements
the firemen fought their way through the
blazing: avenues and finally outlined limits
within which they were able to hold the
flames.
For hours a vast volume of water was
poured from, more than thirty lines of
hose at the seething- furnace and still the
flames continued to burn. The peculiar
manner of piling lumber renders it ex
tremely open to the attack of flames
and protects the fire from the action of
water. Added to this a hard wind was
blowing from the west and It took the
utmost efforts of the Fire Department to
hold the conflagration inside its original
limits.
WHARF IS IN FI^AMES.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 5.— George H.
Fisher, the youngynaan arrested Saturday
night on the; charge of passing forged
checks, was arraigned in court to-day
and his examination set for Friday. Bail
was fixed at 51000. He was first charged
¦with burglary for having- entered the
house of Mrs. Bailie and taken a lot of
jewelry. Then followed three complaints
fpr passing fictitious checks. The police
claim Fisher passed forty bogus checks
In Los Anjjeles in one month.
Alleged Forger Arraigned.
Several vessels of this fleet were sighted
during the day at various points along
the coast.
It is expected that the attacking fleet
will head for one of the many harbors to
the eastward of this port, as those to the
westward are comparatively few.
With Admiral Barker to act on the de
fensive are Admiral Coughlin on his flag
ship, the Olympia. and Admiral Wise on
his flagship, the Yankee. The vessels of
the fleet are the battleship Alabama and
Illinois, the cruisers Baltimore, Prairie
and Panther, the dispatch boat Vixen,
the torpedo boat destroyers Decatur,
Balnbridge, Barry, Dale and Chauncey,
two Government tugs and the schoolshlp
Hartford. As the hostile fleet, which
sailed Monday under Rear Admiral Sands,
is permitted to make an attack or attempt
an anchorage at any time after this noon,
It was expected that every vessel on the
defense would reach Its position before
nightfall. They must protect the coast
from Cape Ann to Eastport.
Admiral Sands' squadron includes the
battleships Indiana, Massachusetts and
Texas, and three torpedo boat destroyers.
PORTLAND. Me.. Aug. 5.— At midnight
last night that portion of the New Eng
land coast from the boundary to Cape
Ann had been theoretically threatened by
a hostile fleet for a period of twelve hours,
but so far as known the "enemy" had not
taken advantage of the northeast storm
and thick weather to slip past the defend
ing fleet and establish himself in any
harbor. The attacking fleet has been at
sea for about three days and will have
till Saturday to win the game planned by
the naval experts in "Washington by oc
cupying any of the harbors on this por
tion of the coast for a period of five hours
without being destroyed. The defending
fleet under the command of Rear Admiral
Barker sailed from Bar Harbor at 6
o'clock yesterday' morning and by night
the various ships of the squadron ¦were
well distributed along the coast and the
work of patrol had begun. Many of the
ships are equipped with a wireless system
of telegraph, so that a majority of them
can be concentrated at any point within
a short time.
Barker's Vessels Must
. Defend New Eng
land Coast.
FLEETS PLACED
FOR WAR GAME
x To-morrow the polo experts of Burling;
ame and Santa Barbara will contest for
honors in a match for the Del Monte cup.
Some brilliant play is looked for. The
northern team will be made up of F. J.
Carolan, Thomas A. Driscoll, J. S. Tobin
and Joe Tobin Jr. The latter two came
down from San Francisco this evening to
join their team. J. C. Colby, Cajneron
Rogers, Wlckenden and Dr. E. J. Boeseke
will play on the southern team.
Second race, three-sixteenths of a mile, for
ponies. 14 hands or under — Entries: C. \V.
Clark's Oro. E. J. Boesekes' Commotion. P.
Whitney's Chlqulta. R. Spreckeis' Don. F. J.
Carolan's Bonnie and Florodora, Florodora
won. Time, :10 1-5. Bonnie second. Don third.
Third race, three-quarters of a mile, handi
cap., for horses, v;&s won by C. W. Clark's
Decori. E. J. Boesekes' Respirator was left
at the post'. ,
Fourth race, quarter mile, for ponies — En
tries: R Spreckels' Don. F. J. Cardan's Bon
nie and Florodora. E. J. Boesekes' Commotion.
C. W. Clark's Oro. Bonnie won. Time, :24 3-5.
Oro second, Florodora third.
MONTEREY, Aug. 5.— The first day's
racing of the Pacific Coast Polo and Pony
Racing Association's annual meet took
place at Del Monte track this afternoon
and was largely attended. The track was
fair and the weather clear and warm.
First race, one mile, for teams, trotting or
pacinjr. best two in three heats — Won by Cap
tain Itariifson's? Morgan and Alfred H. Time,
2:53. A. II. McKay's Monroe Jr. and Lucero
second.
CAROLAN- PONTES WIN
ON DEL MONTE TRACK
First Bay of the Polo and Pony Rac
ing 1 Association Meet Affords
Good Sport.
The failure of Sharp & Bryan CW. "W.
Fharp and C. S. Bryan) exctled generai
sympathy, as both men are members of
the board and popular in Stock Exchange
< Ircles. Bryan is a governor of the ex
change. The firm was organized In 169L
They -were specialists Sn several stocks,
ttiore particularly in Virginia-Carolina
fhcmical. and their failure ls regarded
as directly attributable to the decline In
those shares. During last year's boom
''hemlcal preferred eold'^s high as 134%
end the common at SO. They closed to-
Cay, at R3 end 2394. respectively.
According to the statement of the as
tlffT.ee, Sharp & Bryan's liabilities are
In the entire list Just seven stocks
ma'de nef- cains. these including an ad
vance of 214 points In Virginia-Carolina
• 'hrmkal preferred. Slightly over l.OQO.OOO
shares chan&pd hands during the day.
The heaviest trading was in Atchison,
I'.altlmora and Ohio, St. Paul. Erie com
n*on. Missouri Pacific. Union Pacific.
Pennsylvania, Reading common and
I"n!ted Strtes Steel common, the. latter
loading the- list with a total of more than
ESjDOO shares.
Trust. 4; Wabub preferred, 4^4. and
R«;ao"!nsr and Lake Erie first preferred, 5.
SEVEN MAKE 1IET GAINS.
lyn Rapid Transit and such specialties as
American Express. United States Express
and Corn Products •common and prefer
red. Fully a dozen or more other issues
fold on a parity with previous low prices
of the year.
These stocks made the greatest net
losses for the dav: American Snuff, 15
points; General Electric. 5^4; Pullman
Palace C2r, 7%; sugar, 2; St. Paul, 2*4;
<v>lorado Southern* first and second pre
ferred. 5 5 ,i and 4%, respectively; Consoli
dated Gas, €; Brooklyn Union Gas. W.
Delaware and Hudson. 5; Denver and Rio
Grande preferred. 4; Evansville and Terre
Haul", 7'-$: Metropolitan Subscriptions. 5;
Missouri Pacific. j%; St. Louis and San
Francisco. Chicacro end Eastern Illinois
• •^Etifieates, 10; St. Louis Southwestern
preferred, 4%: Texas snd Pacific Land
To these lists should b« added Brook-
Tn the industrial class new low records
vre the order li. American Cotton Oil.
AffilrietB locomotive common and pre
!>rreij, American Smelting preferred. Re
public Iron and Steel common and pre
ferred. United States Leather, United
States Realty common and preferred,
I'nited States Steel preferred. Virginia
< "arolina Chemical common and preferred,
American Hide and Leather preferred,
American Snuff, American Sugar. Hock
ing Coal and Iron. Consolidated Gas, Con
tinental Tobacco preferred. General Elec
tric. National Biscuit. New Yorf Air
rsrake. Pacific Mall. People's Gas. Vlr
srfnia Iron, Ccal and Coke and Pressed
Steel. Car.
NFW L0\7 EECOEDS.
The day began ominously. Opening
prices on the Exchange were decidedly
lower almost all through the list, but the
break was checked by supporting orders.
In fact, veteran observers were heard to
declare that but for this support a panic
¦*-ouid oertmlnljr h«vf occurred.
The Sharp & Bryan failure made but
little Impression on values, but toward
r»ocn the list receded, the decline embrac
ing virtually all the standard stocks. The
market then became dull and hesitating,
}> - Jt In the last hour and a half stocks
¦were again thrown over ruthlessly and
The cloEing\was weak and extremely fe-
Vrisb. '
To-day's shrinkage alone aggregates
many millions of dollars. Countless stop
loa orders were caught In the selling ava
ls nche. and It ls probable that hundreds
of weak accounts were closed in utter
•iisregard of the losses sustained by their
ff-ners.
The list of_ stocks that touched their
:^west l*»vel includes, Atchison, Baltimore
?.nd Ohio, Chesapeake and Ohio,
CMcago and Alton common and j
preferred. Chicago great "Western j
siruJ the debenture? and second preferred; •
'•hlcaj^o. Milwaukee and St. Paul; Chi- |
<. ? co and Northwestern common and pre- '
f'fred, Delaware and Hudson. Colorado
.'.nd Southern firsts and second preferred.
Denver and Rio Grande common and pre- I
furred. Great Northern preferred. Evans- ;
¦ !IIe and Terre Haute preferred. Long :
Niand. Louisville and Nashville, Kansas!
¦ -A Texas. Mi?souri Pacific. Ontario and I
Wrifctern. Rock Island common and pre
''-red, .St. I,ouis Southwestern common
A preferred. Southern Railway common
:,T.d preferrftrt, Texas and Pacific, Union
P.icific and "Wahash preferred.
leading- local banks and trust companies
declined to <Jiscuss the situation except to
express confidence as to the sound condi
tion of financial institutions.
Srts to borrow money abroad. Officers of
!nsr the day vras coupled with the sugges
tion that at least one international bank
i.rg-house had been making desperate ef-
SEEXS HONEY ABROAD.
.A sharp break In sterling exchange dur-
Other failures were confidently predict
«x\ and the names of several important
lircns were mentioned as among those in
financial straits.
r:ed. but for all that "Wall street as a
whole could see no diver lining in the
clouds, much less a goMen one.
"'.be actiT© list, touched the lowest record
reached during the present movement,
Vfcich haul Its inception last September.
At the close of the day tome of the
Folia interests— and it Is suggested that
•these Interests have been "out of the
zcarket" for weeks past, save here and
> , wben Ftspport was most necessary —
ppoke reassuringly. They declared that
:he financial atmosphere vras being dari-
Tfc« fisy's business can best be" sum
marized by the statement that almost
/rurscore of stocks, fully two-thirds of
alized openisg. That of Hurtbut, Hatch &
Co. was announced in the afternoon, just
as prices thrrraghout the list were tum
bling lo-y?r than at any time before.
The failure of Sharp & Bryan came dur
:r_s- the xnornics session, shortly after the
racrket had recovered from its demor-
yjjw YORK. A'Ufr 5.— Two more Stock
l'Tr»mrpt failures, naaldiig a total of six
In the last eleven business days, were re
•rorded to-day. Trhrn Sharp & Bryan and
Hurlbut, Hatch & Co. announced their in
.abCity to ra<?et their obligations. Neither
failure occasioned the slightest surprise;
in fact, both had been discounted for a
¦vvr^k or mere.
Day's Shrinkage E<prescnts I#oss to
Brokers Aggregating Many Jflil
liccis and I«lttle Net
Gain, ls Made.
We have endeavored to free the subject of
all utopianlsm and make an absolutely prac
tical proposition. We expect that the begin
nings now made will be extended until there
appears a similar basis of agreement through
out the countries of Europe and America. Hav
ing brought about an exchange of views be
tween the members of the French and Brit
ish Parliaments. I next wish to eee a similar
exchange between ¦ American and French par
liamentarians. I expect to go to St. Louis
next year to : deliver. an address on diplomacy
at the International .Congress in connection
with the exposition and hope to make the
definite plan for bringing to Europe a dele
gation of representative American officials and
parliamentarians, who are certain to be ac
corded-a splendid reception on this 'aide of the
Atlantic.
Speaking to the correspondent of the
Associated Press, Bapon d'Estournelles
said: "
Baron . d'Estournelles urges Minister
Delcasse not to let to-day's favorable mo
ment slip by, and declares that with
equal good will on both sides these three
general agreements with Great Britain
can be signed within a few months. He
finally announced his Intention of put
ting a cuestion to the Minister on the
subject in the Chamber of Deputies when
Parliament reassembled.
The new policy has three essential ob
jects: First, tne conclusion of a reason
able arbitration treatv similar to that
negotiated between Great Britain and the
United States, and in accordance with
clause 19 of The Hague international ar
bitration convention; second, a reduction
in the overwhelming naval expenses. In
agreement with France and Russia, con
cerning which the Baron claims to have
received categorical verbal and written
assurances; third, a friendly settlement
of the outstanding differences which for
twenty years have vainly exhausted' the
resources of diplomacy.
PARIS, Aug. 6.— Baron <TEstournelles
de Constant, who headed the French par
liamentary arbitration group on its re
cent, visit to London, has written an im
portant letter to Foreign Minister Del
casse setting forth the results of the re
cent exchanges of views in London and
Paris between members of the British
and French Parliaments and the leading
Ministers of the two governments. The
conferences included those with Foreign
Minister Lansdowne and Colonial Secre
tary Chamberlain, and there is good rea
son to believe that Baron d'Estournelles
in the references he makes in his letters
to the conclusion of an arbitration treaty
for the settlement of the outstanding
Anglo-French difficulties has the distinct
approval of those controlling Great Brit
ain's foreign policy, while his suggestion
for a reduction of 'naval force is due en
tirely to the initiative of the leading mem
bers of the British Ministry.
The letter pays that during twenty years
the fear of Parliamentary opposition has
alone prevented the sentiment of the An
glo-French difficulties, and now that that
fear is dispelled nothing prevents the
adoption of a conciliatory policy. All the
British statesmen whom he saw, without
distinction of party, says the'Baron. were
unanimously desiring their suggested new
policy which must be as clearly defined
as the former one was obscure.
PANAMA, Aug. 5.— By order of the
Government, El Istmeno, a t newspaper,
has been suspended for six months for"
publishing an article advocating the Inde
pendence of the Isthmus of Panama from
Colombia. The objectionable article is as
follow:
Has Colombia resDonded to the sincere ad
hesion, loyalty and important services of. the
Isthmus of Panama, of the same origin and
having the same tendencies, religious senti
ments and language? Can anybody answer
affirmatively? Is the Isthmus of Panama
happy and prosperous, belonging to Colombia?
Would It not be happier seceding as an inde
pendent, sovereign republic? Has not the above
idea been germinating for years in the hearts
of patriotic Isthmians, owing to the Justified
resentment of the noble people of this unfor
tunate strip of land which annexed Itself to
Colombia of lta own free will? Panama can
and should be absolutely Independent. We are
not happy, not satisfied in any way under Co
lombian control. Isthmians without exception
are separatists and dream of independence. We
do not seek annexation to foreign powers. We
advocate and proclaim a sovereign republic
governed and controlled by isthmians alone.
Costa Rica is a small nation, yet a happy and
prosperous one. Why not the isthmus, being
larger and with more elements, why should It
not become Independent and prosperous?
Special Cabl« to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright. 1003, by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
Fourscore of Stocks Touch
Lowest Record of
Movement.
Two More Failures Are
Announced on
Exchange.
Editor Declares Separation
From Colombia Is Gen
erally Desired.
Baron d'Estournelles Voices
Results of Recent
, Conference.
Government Suspends
Its Publication for
Six Months.
Great Britain and Prance
Approach Friendly
Attitude.
WALL-STREET
FIRMS ARE
IN STRAITS
FAVORS GUTTING
NAVAL BUDGETS
ISTHMAN PAPER
URGES REVOLT
FLAMES FEED FIERCELY
ON BUILDING MATERIAL
Mill and Yards of the Excelsior Lumber Company Are At
tacked by Ravenous Blaze Which Spreads Rapidly and
Inflicts $100,000 Damage Before It Can- Be Controlled
THE SAF FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, -AUGUST 6. 1903.
5
OCEA2T TRAVEL.
y£\r c5jv Steamers leave San Fraa-
/QS2 —^Q^. cl«co aj follows:
Arzl. _ Xd\ For Ketchikan. Juneau.
lKfx&!^A V*l Ekagway. «'<=-. Alaska — 11 a.
I I V&9£a I I m -' Au^ s t *• ». 1*. 19. 2»-
I V \UHfl/ J 29. Sept. 3. Chanzo to coo-
w\ \\ Y.O/ pany*» steamers at Seattle.
Vj^H^^Sy For Victoria, Vancouver,
NfliAfsHVJ^ Port Totrnsend. Seattle. Tai
' coma, Everett, What com — 11
a. in.. August 4. 9. 14. 19, 44, 29. Sept. 3.
Change at Seattle to this company'* steamer*
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Seattle for Ta-
coma to tU P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p. m.. August 2. 8. 14. 20. 26. Sept. 1; Corona.
1:30 p. m., August B. 11, 17. 23. 29. Sept. 4.
For Los Anceles (via. Port Los Aneelea and
Redondo). San Dleco and Santa Barbara —
Eanta Rosa. Sunday?. 9 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays, 9 a. ra.
For Los Aneelea (via San Pedro and East
Fan Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa. Crux. Mon-
terey, San Simeon, Cayucos. Part Harford
(San Luis Obtspo). Ventura and Huenema.
Coos Bay. » a. m.. Ansust 0. 13. 21. 23.
Sept. «.
Ramans, 9 a. m.. August 1. 9. 17. 23, Sept. 2.
For Ensenaria, Magdalena Bay, San Jos* del
Cabo. Maiatlan. Altata. La Pax. Santa Ro-
salia, Cuaymas (Mes.). 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sail-
las dates.
TXCXST OrPICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
Freight office. 10 Market utreet.
C. P. DU.VA.VX General Passenger Agent.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O. /?. A N. CO.
"Columbia" sails Aug. 1. 11, 21. 31. "G«or**
TV. Elder" sails July 37. Aug. 8. »v. 26. Only
steamship line to PORTLAND. OR., and chart
rail line from Portland to all points East.
Through tickets to all pointsman rail or steam-
ship and rail, at LOWEST RATES. Steamer
tickets Include berth and meals. Steamer satis
foot of Spear st. at lx a. m. S F. BOOTH.
Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept.. 1 Montgomery st.: C
CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt. Trt. L'spt.. 3 Montgom-
ery*^ •
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW TOUK -SOUTHAMPTON— LONTJOX.
Phlla.... Aug. 12. 10 ami New York. Aug.26.lO am
St. Louis. Aug. 13.10 am ; 1'htU Sept. 2. 10 am
ATLANTIC TRANSPORT UH£.
NEW YORK-LONDON DIRECT.
Menominee. Aug.S, a am|MInnet'ka.Augr.22. 5 am
Mesaba...Aug. 15. 0 an:lMlnnep's.Aus.20. 10 am
Only First Class Passengers Carried.
DOMINION LINE.
BOSTON— QU EENSTOWN— LI V ERPOOL.
New England. ...Aug. efXew England.. .Sept. 3
Mayflower Aug. 13 Mayflower Sept. 10
Commonwealth. Auff 27jColumbus Sept. 17
Montreal — Liverpool — Shor. sea passage
Southwark Aw. SjKerstngton ....Autr. 29
Canada Aug. 22! Dominion Sept. &
Bo** 00 Mediterranean Wrect
AZORES-GIBRALTAR-XAPLES— GENOA.
Cambroman Sat. Aug. 8. Sept. 10. Oct 31
Vancouver Sat.. Au«. 29. Oct. 10. Nov. 21
HOLLAND-AMERICA LINE. '
NEW YORK— ROTTERDAM. VIA BOULOGJTB.
Sailing Wednesday at 10 a. o.
Etatendam . . . .Aug. 1C| ftoordam Ausr. 28
Ryndam Aug. 191 Rotterdam ....Sept. 2
RED STAR LINE.
\1TTV YHRT— ANi"WKRP— PARIS.
Zeeland.-.Aug. 8. 10 amiVaderl'd.Aug. 22.1O ant
Flnl&nd.Aug. 15. 10 am!Krocn'l<2.Au;.23. 10 am
WHITE STAR LINE.
NEW YORK-QUEENSTOWN-LIVERPOOI*
Sailing Wednesdays and Fridays.
Arabic... Aug. 7. 0 pnu Majestic. Aug. 19. noon
Germanlc-Aug. 12, noon] Celtic Aug. 21. 4 pm
Cedric Aug. 14. 9 ami Victorian Aug. rt
C D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent, Pacific Coast.
21 Post at.. San Francisco.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First *n<J
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting a;
Hongkong wlta steamers for India, etc.—- So
cargo received on board on day of tailing.
S. S. AMERICA MARU
Wednesday. Auxajs: 26, 1903
S S HONGKONG MARU (calling at Ma-
nila) Saturday. September 19. 1903
S. S. NIPPON MARU
Thursday. October 15, 1903
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage, apply at Cora-
cany's office, 421 Market street, corner First
v W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
ftamburg-Jkmerican.
FOR PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURG. HAMBURG.
Twia-Seriw Expnis tad Pusaa^tr 8«rrigt.
Moltke Aug. 6 Pennsylvania.. Aug. 22
Waldersee Aug. 8 A. Victoria Aug. 27
•p Sl*ismund...Aug. 13 Patricia Aug. 2»
Bluecher Aug. 20 Moltke Sept. 3
BAMBUXO-ASIBIOIN LIBS, 91 B'war. 2f. T.
HERZOO & CO.. 401 California rt. Oen. Ajts.
S S. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Anck-
'land and 3ydn«y. Thursday. Aug. 6, 3 p. m,
: g 8 MARXPO8A. for Tahiti Aug. 15. 11 a. n.
s's. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Aug. 13, 11 a.m
il.iPKCI£l84WI.e0,ljti..TWii83to,843irirwa
rf#tlffln.S29 3arW JL.PbpI3. 7. Puift M. •
C0XPA65IZ GE2TSKALS -T3A531TLANTIQW
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE- PARIS. 'jt^i—
Sailing every Thursday, Instead of ¦w^KJvSfc
Saturday.' at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. » rf JliiU
North. River, fool ol Morton strmt.
First- class to Havre, $70 and upward. S-o-
ond-class to Havre. $15 and upward. - GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 82* Broadway (Hudson Building),
New York. J. T. FTTGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. S Montgomery avenue. San Francisco*
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Mare I»l*nd *a& YaUeJo Staamen. ,
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or 1IONTICELLO—
0:45 *. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave* Valtejo*
T a. xa.. 12:30 noon. « p. m.. ex. Sunday, tun..
day. T a. m.. 4:13 p. m. Fare. SO cents. Tal.
Mala 1508. Plar X Mtuloa-it. dock. HATCH
aaoi . .. . -
AD VS3TISE2CEUTS.
US. SEMATOR FROM SOUTH CAROLINA
Recommends Pe-ru-na
For Dyspepsia and Stomach Trouble.
I £#^i§iP^^ I atarr^ °f fl Stomach Is Generally
p, -^^^^^^^^ I GaUfi(1 dyspepsia — SometMng to
§ 1 enC9f Vtydn, Pancreatin and a Host
I I Tbese Remedies Do Not Keaca the Seat
S ===:^^^^V'.^¥^^^'4' § C*X U. S. Senator M. C. Butler from
S L— — --^f^^SW-" O *~* Carolina was Senator from
$ WjJm^^^^^mvl S S ent to e Th°e r Per°u naTledl cine* Co..
S =====^J^fjll^^^^^^^^SJ[m X Washington. D. C. he says: •*
X Mj- r> "' can Peruna for dys-
§ g P Q P sia a P d stomach trouble. I have
3 t^E==fe^l===i^^|p^TOLlp « e6n us ' n 9 y° ur medicine for a short
\P^^=|iSi|5Sll^ % Period and I feel very much relieved.
§ SHH § IS ' ndeed a wonderful medigine,
X JflPi % besides a good tonic."— M.C. Butler.
irt \SE==^^< Jftzy/y/fr o T* 16 only rational way to cure dyspep-
X ?£&9pri~^^ttS-^(XWfIl^/W%Ws ri sla ls to remove the catarrh. Peruna
X '^Bg^^HWP^^m ft cures catarrh. Peruna does not produce
&K^^^^^^^^^^^m^Z^ tf artincial digestion. It cures catarrh an.l
ft S< < S 'eaves the stomach to perform digestion
•A X ln a natur al way. Tnls ls vastly better
X :2§3v !^^S^ ; <^5f^>r v ! V- and safer thaj * resorting to artincial
al-^S^jaSiaSMMJhtMMWiiMiMMJM methods.
« Ex-Senator M C Butler « Peruna has cure?I more cases of dy3-
g ex senator m. o. ouuer. g pe psi a than all other remedies com-
iL^vv^^v^yvv^v^vv-«^A-^^w^.-r-^^A%^vN^*^»i:- blned . simply because it cures catarrh
vCWCWOOflCw^CS^rbCoSOftSSCWsXcKK^tt wherever located. If catarrh ls located
in the head. Peruna cures It. If catarrh
If you do not derive prompt and satis- has fastened itself In the throat or
factory results from the use of Peruna. bronchial tubes, Peruna cures It. When
write at once to Dr. Hartman, giving a catarrh becomes settled In the stomach,
full statement of your case and he will Peruna cures it, as well In this location
be pleased to give you his valuable ad- as in any other,
vise gratis. Peruna ls not simply a remedy for
Address Dr. Hartman, President of dyspepsia. Peruna is a catarrh remedy.
The Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus, Peruna cures dyspepsia because It is
Ohio. _ . • : generally dependent upon catarrh.
ADVEBTISEMENTS^^
Sv. San Francisco, Thursday, 8 August, 1903.
High grade, sideboard
Rich simplicity is expressed in this massive dining-
room piece. All parts are made of heavy, selected oak
pieces, which are carefully put together and finished
superbly. The color is a golden brown. Height, 72
inches; width, 56 inches; depth, 25 inches. -The mir-
ror in back is a genuine-French bevel-plate, 13 by 25
inches. The closets at sides of mirror are large enough
to display several pieces of choice chinaware or cut
glass. The drawers and cabinets are generously large
and are nicely finished inside. Price, $125.60.
Folding bookcases— built of oak, golden finish,
with open fronts. The shelves^raise up and the sides-
turn in. Easily handled in-case of- moving. Two sizes
— $6.50 and $11.50. . "¦¦.".
Remnant^, carpet rugs, with fringed ends, ' at 75
cents, $i.co and $1.25. A good many are sold for use
in bedrooms' and living rooms.
i (Successors to California Furniture Co.)
¦ ¦:-.; 957 to 977 Market Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue.When Sir Thomas Lipton reached our generou3
and friendly shores he was greeted by loud-mouthed
cannon with the salute due an admiral. And it is to
be hoped that when he takes his departure cupless
from America he will remember that many an ad
miral suffered defeat without losing dignity.
DELEGATE tickets proposed by the district
clubs of the two great parties have been filed
in the office of the Registrar of Voters, and
"accordingly the preliminary work of the primaries
• is virtually over. Of course the tickets named by
the clubs are not binding upon any one, and on the
day of election each voter may vote for whom he
pleases, but nevertheless it is a safe conclusion that
•in each district one of the tickets proposed will be
It therefore behooves the members of the
rank and file of each party to study thc tickets closely
and to vote for that which gives most assurance of
an honest party convention and thc nomination of
candidates f.tted to fulfill the duties of the offices for
'which they are named.
As affairs stand to-day there is a promise of a
lively contest in the primaries of the Democratic as
well as of the Republican party, and consequently
we shall not see such crowds of Democratic round
ers voting at Republican primaries as in some recent
elections. Still it is certain the would-be bosses in
the Republican camp will gather all the floating
voters they can and make a strong effort to capture
a district here and there, even if they cannot elect
enough of their men to control the convention. The
situation, therefore, is not one which good Repub
licans can regard with indifference. The promise of
"a victory for clean politics is good, provided the
better elements of the 'party attend to their political
duties and vote at the primaries for the right men;
but otherwise the result is certain to be disappointing
to the hopes of those who desire to see the Repub
lican convention nominate a ticket that will have the
confidence of thc people, earn' the elections and give
the city and county a thoroughly honest and efficient
"administration.
'The election of city and county officers is always
"an important event, but this year it is especially so.
There is to be submitted to the voters a proposi
tion to bond the city to an amount of $18,135,000 for
various public improvements. A considerable per
centage of the bond propositions, if not ( the whole of
them, may be carried, and in that case the next ad
ministration will ha\-c control of the expenditure of
large sums in excess of the usual cost of govern
ment. Such being the case, the election of good men
to office at the coming election is one of well nigh
imperative necessity. No taxpayer, nor indeed any
citizen having a due regard for public welfare, can
afford to be indifferent to the issue. Attention,
therefore, should be given at once to the approach
ing primaries and earnest efforts be made to bring
about the election of the right men to the nominat
ing conventions.
In the Republican party the issue has been made
dear-far the rank and file of the party by the action
of the United Republican League, which has nomi
nated in every district a ticket well deserving the
support of every loyal member of the party. The
full list of the delegates proposed in every district
was published in The Call of yesterday and should
be carefully studied. In each and every instance the
ticket is made up of men who are thoroughly repre
sentative of the best interests of the city. They are
gentlemen of established reputation and known char
acter. They hive been pledged to no set of candi
dates, to no party faction. They will go to the con
vention untrammeled. They will be governed in their
action as delegates solely by their sense of duty to
the party and to the city, having no other object than
that of nominating men who will obtain the votes
of a majority of their fellow citizens by deserving
The prospects of the time point to a Republican
victory on election day if a proper ticket be nomi
nated, and a proper ticket will be nominated if the
rank and file of the party go to the primaries and
elect unpledged, independent, public-spirited men to
the convention. That is the issue now before the
party. It is to be hoped there will be no indifference
in the ranks. The United Republican League has
done its work well. Now let loyal Republicans give
their support in the primaries and all will be well.
THE PRIMARY ELECTIONS.
THURSDAY AUGUST 6, 1903
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
FtHntr AM Communication* to W. S. L^* I S E *
;~,V: TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CAUL. The Operator Will Connect
You With tho Department You Wish.
FV'Bl.lCATlO'S OFFICE... Market and Third. S. F.
EDrTOniAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week, 75 Cta.
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
T«ja» tor Mall. Indufiln* Post»*e (Cmah Wltb Order):
.DAILY rtr.r. ct&dudinr Sunday). on« ye*r fS.OO
DAILT CALL Oncltdln* Enaflay). « laonthi 4.OO
f)AILT CALL— By Slnrle Month 7^»
•EUNDAT CALL. On« Tew *JSO
WEEKLY CALL, Oa« Tear l.OO
r Dally... *8J*O Per T«ar Extra
FOREIGN POSTAGE.... 1.. 4 Sunday.. 4.15 Per Tear Extra
I Weekly.. l.OO Per Tear Extra
All Postmaster* are authorized to receive
•nbaertptlona.
Cample eoplea wttl be forwarded wfaeo requested.
MaU •ubeeriberi la cnSertn* chang* of addrew •bould be
particular to tfve both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS to order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAAU OFFICE.
1118 Broadway Telephone Main 1O83
BERKELEY OFFICE.
Z148 Center Street.'. Telephone Korth 77
C. GEORGE KKOfi.VESS. Uanaarer Foreign AdTer
tlalns. Karqnette Building-, Chicago.
CLoSff Pittance Telephone "Central 2818.")
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTOS E. CKAJfE 14OG O Street, If. W.
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEJr B. SMITH... 3O Tribune Bnlldlns
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CABXTOX Herald Sa^are
XEW TORK N-ETVS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentanow 31 Union Sonare;
Uurrar EIU Hotel; nfth-arwco* Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ehen&an House; P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel.
Tremont Houee; Auditorium Hotel; Palmer House.
IIUA \CI1 OFFICES— 82T Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
Mtll »:80 o'clock. 800 Hayes, open until 8:80 of dock. «35
McAllister, open until 8:30 o'clock. 615 Larlds. open until
e S3 o'clock. 1841 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2281
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 8 o'clock. 109« Va
tenda. open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
c # «-lock. NW. comer Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
BBtfl » c'rlrrk 2200 Fillmore. open until 8 p. m.
Seyeral.of the municipal departments of Oakland
have expressed a modest desire to spend more than
their income this fiscal year: This may be accepted
as an indication, clear, emphatic and resolute, that
Oakland wants to take her place among the big cities
of the Union.
The National Populists who met recently at Denver
announced that their session was ordered to discuss
a reorganization of the party. While the affair is
nobody's business but their own a timely suggestion
might not be amiss. Perhaps the gentlemen of the
National Populist party mean reform when they say
reorganization.
REPORTS of the Bureau of Statistics of the
Department of Commerce and Labor con
cerning our export trade are highly satisfac
tory in every respect except one. They show that we
are doing an enormous business in foreign markets
and that we have outstripped our only rivals, Ger
many and Great Britain. Such showings are gratify
ing, but there remains the comparison of our trade
of last year with our own trade of former years, and
when studied from that point of view the result is by
no means, pleasing.
We have surpassed our rivals, we are doing an
enormous export business, but the trade is increas
ing very slowly as compared with the increase in do
mestic industries. That much is shown by the fig
ures of exports for the past five years, which are
tabulated thus:
1899 $1,203,931,222
1900 1,370.763.571
1901 .' 1,460,462.806
1902 1,355,481,861
1903 1,392,087,672
It will be seen that our export trade during the
past five years has been virtually stationary. In
fact, it was less last year than in 1901. There must be
some reason for the seeming fixity of the figures. In
well nigh every other department of industry and
commerce we have made steady progress during those
years. Why, then, should we not have augmented
our export business in something like the same pro
portion?
There are doubtless many factors involved in the
problem, but it is safe to say that one of the most
potent is the lack of a merchant marine capable of
carrying American exports to new markets. The fig
ures seem to show that we are exporting to market's
of a fixed capacity for consumption, that we reached
the level of that consumption some time ago, and
now can sell no more than in former years. Had we a
merchant service on the ocean equal to the needs of
our commerce it is almost a foregone conclusion that
new markets would b.e opened for our domestic
produce. In South America, for example, we could
sell large quantities of produce if we had proper fa-
OUR EXPORT TRADE
>T^HE case of Miller, the foreman bookbinder in
I Washington,, which has disclosed the antagon
•*• ism of the law of a labor union to the law of
the United States, has been the means of revealing a
large number of similar cases in which eligibles
under the civil service and employed according to
law in the Government printing office have been re
fused membership in the union and ordered by it to
resign without reference to the law or its officers!
One young woman from Boston presents a typical
case. She was eligible as a compositor in the print
ing office and was legally appointed. Next day after
she went to work the walking delegate called for her
union card. She had none, but' expressed a willing
ness to join the typographical union' in Washington
City. The walking delegate communicated with the
Boston union, which refused to consent to her join
ing in Washington or Boston. She was then told by
the walking delegate that she must make her peace
with the Boston union or quit Government employ.
As she was necessitous she applied to Boston for
union membership and was refused. She was then
ordered to quit by the walking delegate and did so,
supposing that she had no recourse.
In this way the administration of the public print
ing office has been abdicated by the Government in
favor of the unions, and the constitutional rights of
American citizens have been subverted as completely
as if they had none. "='?{•. \ *
The unions overstepped themselves in the Miller
case and have thereby probably overthrown their
own dominance of the office.
THE UNIONS AND CIVIL SERVICE
The superstitious may lay some stress on the fact
that thirteen convicts made their savage and desperate
escape from Folsom prison. It has not yet been de
termined, however, in view of the subsequent bloody
events, whether the number was unlucky for the con
victs or their pursuers.
The recent determination of the authorities to cap
ture and prosecute a defaulter who committed his
crime in the office of the County Clerk and then es
caped is startling enough to be considered, revolu
tionary. If .this sort of thing continues' we may be
forced to suspect that the administration of municipal
affairs may be drifting into honesty.
Julian Sonntag has resigned as man
ager of the Giant Powder Company Con
solidated, the resignation to take effect
on SeDtembtr 1, in order to go into the
real estate business ¦ with "his brother,
Henry P. Sonntag, under the firm name
of Sonntag Bros., at 232 Montgomery
street.
Julian Sonntag has been engaged in the
powder business for twenty years, during
seventeen of which he was president
of the Safety Nitro Powder Company,
which was consolidated with the Giant
Powder Company. For many years he
was manager of the Giant Powder Com
pany. He is well known to all men who
use or deal In powder and also to all
mining men of the Pacific Coast. For sev
eral years he was president of the Manu
facturers' and Producers', Association and
an officer of the California Miners' Asso
ciation. He was secretary of the Trans-
Mississippi Congress several terms. He
has been active in public affairs and has
the esteem of business acquaintances, i
Julian Sonntag Decides to Retire as
Manager of Giant Powder Com
pany Consolidated.
BESIGNS TO BE PABTNEE
IN REALTY BUSINESS
Ilerf, for example. Is what the Times had to
say about the concert.
Mr. Mayer passed over the following
flattering notice from the Thunderer:
Mme. Patti made her only appearance at
thc Albert Hall for the present season on
Wednesday evening, and some nine or ten
thousand persons duly availed themselves of
the opportunity to listen once more to her
matchless tones and her no less incomparable
singing. Notonly was she In splendid voice,
'but she sang with even a shade more than her
PRAISED BY THE TIMES.
nARCUS R. MAYER, who "set
type" here with George E.
Barnes, Henry George, Robert
Fulford, Charles de Young and
many' other one-time lights of
the local newspaper world, and who was
at one time sporting and dramatic editor
of The Call, arrived in San Francisco
yesterday and is now at the Palace Ho
tel. Mr. Mayer comes as the herald of
Mme. Adellna Patti, who will reach here
on her coming- concert tour next January.
Mr. Mayer's last visit was as acting man
ager of Bernhardt, three years ago. Even
more enthusiastic concerning the coming
of Patti than he pardonably was over the
visit of the brilliant Frenchwoman is Mr.
Mayer. He said: '
There is only one Niagara and only one
Pattl. Just as pure, flexible and fresh as ever
is Mme. Pattl's voice. She tms recently been
singing in London and her concert In Albert
Hall on May 28 last was a scene of wild en
thUBlasm. There were between IKXX) and 10.000
people present, and the general verdict whs
that the diva was still Incomparable— still the
greatest of living singers.
Attorneys Nathan Coghlan and Thomas
Eddy filed notice in the Superior Court
yesterday that they would take an appeal
to the Supreme Court from the decision
of Judge Murasky refusing the faction of
the Republican party headed by Martin
Kelly a place on the ticket at the coming
primary.
Kelly Will Take an Appeal.
J. H. Kelly has been appointed inspec
tor of cigar factories by President Casey
of the Board of Health, acting by virtue
of a resolution of the board creating'the
position. Kelly's duties will be to visit
the cigar factories and see that they are
kept in proper sanitary condition.
Will Inspect Cigar Factories.
Betsy M. Doollttle's will was filed for
probate yesterday. She leaves her estate
to her children and grandchildren. The
estate consists of 498 shares of stock in
the Ira R. and J. H. Doolittle Hotel Com
pany, worth $40,000, and personal property
and realty worth $2000.
Leaves Estate to Relatives.
Fountain Pen News.
' To fit your hand.it Is necessary U> buy
where all grades of the best makes are in
stock. -> The "Waterman." "Swan" and
"Marshall'.' fountain pens nil every want.
Prices $1 to $5 each. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741 Market street.'
"I hear that George fs to be married
next week to that black eyed girl he be
came engaged to at the seaside." said
Cumso.
"I thought that was one of those tem
porary summer engagements." said Caw
ker.
"George thought so, too."— Detroit Free
Press.
"It must be admitted." said the cour
tier, "that our Emperor has simplified ed
ucation wonderfully."
"In what way?"
"In order to answer the questions. Who
Is the greatest general, diplomat, critic,
poet and playwright. It Is necessary only
to mention his name." — Washington Star.
The New Yorker: "I see the longest
continuous stairway in the world is that
which leads to the tower cf the Philadel
phia City Hall. It comprises 533 steps."
The Phlladelphlan: "That Is what gave
rise to the impression that it takes a
Philadelphia man so long to get to the
top."— Tonkers Statesman.
"No TIcklowell," hla mother *aaJd. "I
cannot permit it. You may go and see
the other boys bathe in the surf. If yo-u
•wish, but "
"But!" Interrupted the little Boston
boy. with bitterness. "Government by
conjunction!" — Chicago Tribune.
Larry— Yls. Pat Rooney is th* champion
av th' movemlnt to do away wld rowdy-
Ism ut th' ball games.
Denny— Te don't say bo?
Larry— Tis, bedad! Phoy, he troid to
murther six players thot started a folght.
—Philadelphia Record.
Badlelgh Mlldude (in a plaintive voice)—
"Mister, can ye spare a few cents to help
a pore man that's been ruined by the high
water "
Unsympathetic Citizen— "High water?
You look more like a man that's been
ruined by cheap whisky."— Chicago Trib
une.
Foote Llghte— "Do you think h» will do
Shakespeare?" *
Sue Brette— "Well. I think ha would do
Shakespeare all rigrht If the poet was
living, and he got half a chanc©.' — Ton
kers Statesman.
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candles. 50c a pound. In artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends, 715 Market st.. above Call bldj. •
Sixty concerts will be given during this
tour, and we have been fortunate in obtaining
three of them for San Francisco. The signi
ficance of this will ba a»i<arent when it la
mentioned that some of the largest cities in the
country and even some of the States will not
be visited at all, and cities like St. Louis.
Cincinnati and Pittsburg are only to have one
concert apiece. There will be no return visits
only to New York.
Mr. Mayer was welcomed to his former
home by a number of well known news
paper men.
For this coming concert series Mme. Pattl
brings with her a «plendld company of artists.
It will. 1 believe, be the best organization that
will be heard during the coming season. Signer
Romualdo Sapio. who has accompanied Mme.
Patti on previous tours, will direct, and there
will b« besides Mile. Roza Zannels. violinist.
a distinguished pupli of Ysaye'*; Mile. Vera
Margolis, a favorite London pianist; Anton
Hegner, the well-known 'cellist; Claude Cun
ningham, barytone of the Carl Rosa Opera
Company: WlUard Virgo, a new tenor who
recently made a big hit at the London Phil
harmonic concerts, " and Mme. Aounda. prima
donna contralto from the Grand Opera-house,
Florence.
Forty-four years ago. November 24. 1859, at
th« Academy of Music In New York, Mme.
Patti made her actual debut on the operatic
stage. On that occasion her sister. Amelia
Strakusch, and Drlgnoli were of the company.
Since then — well, there Is no need to enlarge
upon the diva's world triumphs. Her last
appearance in San Francisco was in 1S9O. In
opera. Ever/ one rememfers her extraordinary
success on that occasion.
And where are the other artists of her day —
Mario. Bricnoll, Vieuxtemrs. Clara Louise
Kellosg, Anna Louise Cary. Mme. Parepa. Kosa,
Campaninl and a hundred besides? They have
all sung their last song, while the best of them
all, the "Queen of Song," returns to us again,
still in the perennial youth of her art.
THREE CONCERTS HERE.
"You will see by that in what esteem
Mme. Pattl is still held," Mr. Mayer pur
sued, and he added:
accustomed spirit and entrain. Touthfutneaj
and extraordinary preservation of vital energy
are treat noticeable Qualities in this truly
phenomenal artist.
Each year that Mme. Patti returns to u«
in lull possession of her wondrous gifts she
necessarily arouses a greater feeling of amaze
ment and admiration. That the public will
gather to hear her. so Ions as she may choose
to Bins, and In numbers in which no other
single artist can attract, can be predicted with
out the slightest rashness.
Special information supplied dally to
business nouses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. ¦-. •
SINGER WHOSE WONDERFUL. VOCAL. POWERS HAVE CHARMED
THE WORLD FOR DECADES, AND PROMINENT THEATRICAL
MAN WHO IS ARRANGING THE GREAT DIVA'S FAREWELL TOUR.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
BAR&ARY COAST-Mrs. W.. City.
That portion of San Francisco called * the
Barbarv Coast" was so named by tho
late Albert S. Evans in the early sixties
while a reporter on the Alta California.
In those days that quarteiy was the rough
section and there were many low dens
in which men were frequently drugged
and robbed. In an article describing that
section Evans wrote that it was th*
rough and dangerous Barbary Coast along
which sailors and others were frequently
wrecked. When the name appeared in
print It was commonly used by all classes
of people.
THE MISSOURI— Subscriber. City. The
answer Klven a few days since In this
department In reference to the United
States steamer Missouri was as to the
steamer of that name that was purchased
during the Spanish-American war. James
M. Jackson furnishes this department the
following bit of history of the long ago:
"The Missouri, a sister ship of th« Mis
sissippi took fire and was blown up in
1843, while at anchor off Gibraltar. Eu
rope. I was one of the crew of the United
States frigate Columbia that attempted
to raise her in lS-it, but failed."
GLUE— An Old Subscriber. City. A
strong llauid glue that will hold wood
or iron is made of: Clear gelatine. 100
parts: cabinet makers' glue. 100 parts:
alcohol. 23 parts, alum. 2 parts: the whole
well mixed with 200 parts of acetic acid
and heated in a water bath for six hours.
CUSTOM-HOUSE-A Stranger. City.
The Custom-house .In San Francisco la
open for business dally, except Sundays
and holidays during business hours. The
Collector of 'Customs can advise you in
the matter of sales of goods by authority
of the Government.
VOTES IN THREE STATES— A. E. L..
N'ana Cal The vote cast for Governor in
Massachusetts at the last held election
for such officer was 398.633; In Iowa, 305,
412. and In Ohio, 811.466.
JUDGE ALTON B.' PARKER of New York is
kept busy dodging politicians and reporters who
•desire to find out his attitude toward politics
and especially toward the Democratic nomination
for the Presidency. By a correspondent of the Bal
timore American he is quoted as saying recently:
"I am without any present views on national topics,
having determined not to talk for publication on
any subject whatever." So, too, a reporter of the
Newark News reports him as saying: "I take it that
this is an interview we are now having. I want to
say frankly,, so there will be no misunderstanding,
that I cannot be interviewed on the subject of
whether or not I am a consideration in the political
condition of my party, nor upon any political ques
tion whatever."
There is a familiar story of a man who stood so
straight that he leaned backward. Judge Parker's
political attitude is similar. In his eagerness to say
nothing about politics he says enough to show the
country that he is so eager for the Democratic nomi
nation that he is afraid to have any political views
whatever — or at least is afraid to express them.
By way of defending this negative attitude the
Judge has made several explanations. In one of
them he said: "I have had nothing to do with poli
tics except to vote since 1884. The party has not
needed me." On another occasion he said to a re
porter: "I will explain my position to you, so you
can understand why I cannot talk upon the subject
you have mentioned. . I went on the bench to make
it my life-work. It is congenial to me, and I am
very happy and contented. I am with, my family
here in my home. I usually take them to Albany
for three or four months during the winter, and when
it i3 necessary for me to be away during the other
months of the year I can run down from Albany
every week. If I behave myself I can remain on the
bench for life. The salary is ample. The New
York State Court of Appeals pays its Judges larger
salaries than the United States Supreme Court. I I
shall remain on the bench. It is my ideal."
If we could take that statement at its face value
the position of the Judge would be clearly intelli
gible, and he would be at once eliminated from the
list of Presidential candidates. Unfortunately there
is good reason for believing that the Judge may be
a candidate after all. It will be noted that he says he
has taken no part in politics since 1884; that the
party has not needed him; and it appears we may
infer that if the party should need him he would set
aside his ideal life on the bench and take a chance
of four years in the White House.
One authority says that Parker might have had
the Democratic nomination for Governor of New
York last year, but declined it because he prefers the
judicial career. He then goes on tcsay: "That was
his position; it is his position to-day, so far as his
own attitude toward the Presidency is , concerned.
It may sound somewhat flippant, and as treating the
office 'lightly, to say that Judge Parker is not de
sirous of the Democratic nomination; but that is
the exact state of his mind. If it comes to him he
will accept it, taking the fact of his nomination as
a call from his party, and when his party calls he is
not one to delay making response or in rendering
it the best service of which he is capable."
From all those statements we may draw the con
clusion that Parker has no politics calculated to of
fend either the Cleveland or the Bryan wing of the
party. He likes his place on the bench, but is lis
tening for a call. Clearly the Judge is out of politics
for the present, but is willing to get in if invited.
JUDGE PARKER'S POSITION
WEDDING ANNIVERSARY—Subscri
ber City. The fourth anniversary Is not
one* that is celebrated, but the fifth, or
wooden, anniversary is.
GERMAN WORDS— D. W.. City. "Vol
ker wanderung" are German words which
mean literally "people wandering." They
also mean migration (of the nations).
The two tails of Borelli's comet have grown to
four and observing astronomers say there is every
indication that soon there will be more. We don't
care particularly if the heavenly tramps have as many
tails as a cat has lives, as long as the erratic visitor
keeps off our course through space.
THE MINT— A Stranger, City. The Saa
Francisco Branch Mint Is open to visitors
every forenoon, except on Sundays and
legal holidays.
POPE PIUS X ascends his throne amid the ac
clamations of the ( entire Christian world. He
inherits the universal good will brought about
by the gracious influence of his. illustrious predeces
sor, and enters upon his high office, not as the rep
resentative of a faction, but as the common choice of
all. While no longer young, he is reported to be still
vigorous and hale, and has every reason to expect
a long reign. The world, therefore, as well as the
church, greets him with high expectations and looks
to him for a continuance of that broad policy by
which Leo did so much to confirm and extend the
spiritual prestige of the pontificate.
Despite the universal favor with which his election
has been received, the reign of the new Pope will
not be an easy one. Difficulties and danger lurk in
the very universality of the hopes entertained con
cerning him. Where all parties and factions expect
much, some are sure to be disappointed. The elec
tion of Pius is confessedly that of a compromise be
tween two powerful rival parties in the church, and
sooner or later he, will have to confront the issues
upon which they have been divided. It remains to be
seen whether he will be able to harmonize them or be
compelled to choose the one and discard the other.
An incident connected with the announcement of
his election discloses the situation in the councils of
the Vatican and the division of opinion that exists
there. We are told that when the announcement of
the election was made from the windows of St.
Peter's there was a great rush of the people outside
to get into the basilica to receive the papal benedic
tion. Then, it is said, the attendants who had .an
nounced the election signaled the crowd to go back
to the steps of St. Peter's and wait there for the
benediction. That meant that the new Pope was
going to give a blessing. to the world from outside
the basilica, a thing that has not been done since
the days when the Vatican ruled Rome. It was rec
ognized that a revolution in the attitude of the pa
pacy toward Italy was about to be manifested, and
the crowd hastened to get out of the basilica as fast
as it went in. In a moment, however, the programme
was changed, and the crowd was called into St.
Peter's to receive the benediction there.
Just what mistake or sudden change of mind may
have caused that momentary vacillation as to the
place of giving the benediction may never be known,
but the fact that it occurred is significant of a divi
sion of sentiment within the Vatican itself. Later de
velopments will show how far the new Pope will go
in the direction of conciliation with the Italian Gov
ernment. It is not probable he will take any early
steps in that direction, though it seems conceded he
will be inclined to put an end to the present strained
relations. That much is forecast by the announce
ment on one side that he will continue the policy of
Leo toward the Italian Government, but, as the dis
patches say, will not "emphasize it." On the other
side it is evident that the governmental party expects
much, for it is already announced that the new Pope
has long been a favorite with the King and is a
friend of the Queen.
Marion Crawford in reviewing the situation fol
lowing the death of Leo stated that there were three
shades of sentiment respecting the character of the
man to be chosen as his successor. One party de
sired a political Pope, who would uphold the tem
poral power of the papacy and make its influence felt
in diplomatic circles. A second party desired above
all to choose a strong theologian, who would main
tain the dogmas of the church. The third desired
the election of an apostolic Pope, who would be,
more than anything else, the father of Christendom.
It appears from all reports that it is the apostolic
Pope that has been chosen. While Cardinal Sarto
has been noted for piety and for culture, he has
been most notable and most loved by reason of his
fidelity as a pastor. All reports speak highly of his
administration of the office of Patriarch of Venice
and of his love for the common people. Having,
then, an apostolic ambition above all else, he may
safely guide the church through the coming difficul
ties without becoming in any respect a partisan. The
Venetians, who know him better than the rest of
the world, love him, and have predicted that he will
be as much loved as Pontiff as he has been loved as
a priest and Patriarch. That prediction is worth
more as a promise to the church and to the world
than any forecasts that have been made concerning
his political policy or his theological dogmas, and it
is with high hope of its complete realization that his
accession to the headship of the church' is hailed with
gratification both in Europe and in America.
THE NEW POPE.
QUITS CASE AND BECOMES
ADVANCE OF GREAT DIVA
SOME ANSWERS
TO QUERIES BY
CALL READERS
cilities for transportation. The statistics of the bu
reau therefore are another argument for the enact
ment of legislation designed to upbuild our merchant
marine. Industry is going forward and commerce
must find .markets for its produce, or else we shall
have another period of overproduction, with a con
sequent halt in the industrial march.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 6, 1903.
6
\ SUNDAY CALL'S
\ \ Watch for the full page of clever half-hour
\ storiettes.
S^AllnilerWopperMoon
By «Col.«ite\ .^\ By Charles Sloan Bid.
r „ TTr , \ • A ~ H0W thC RaCC WaS W0IWf
Fabl8S V2* FOOllSh \ kC j{^ \ By Crlttenden Marriott.
By Nicholas Nemo. \ S^N \ \
\ 4.A.X Don ' s Ha P py Ncss N>t
The Oracle of Mul-\ <V^ V By _ otho *
berry Center \ \ A village Pincushion
By S. E. Kiser. \ \ By garah Lindsay Coleman,
The Etiquette of the\ \ ~ZT
visitor \\A The
By Madge Mooxe. . \ \ _ B
And the most exciting Installment yet pub\ A^> \ | |DS TBl
llshed of that merry lampoon of * America*s\ \ •
Nouveaux Riche?,^ * \ * \
\ & \ Edwln
...The Spenders... V
By Harry Leon Wilson. \ > \
Wherein Uncle Peter Bines sacrifices $12,000,000 to teach \ \
his nephew not to be a fashionable sosh. \ \
EXCITING HCTIONXt
PASTOR OF PALO ALTO
CHRISTIAN CHURCH WHO
HAS RESIGNED.
PASTOR GIVES
UP HIS CHURCH
AT PALO ALTO
Deputy Fish Commissioner and Game
Warden Frank Soule has arrested Henry
Thomas of Sonoma County for shooting a
doe. He was taken before Judge Provines
at Healdsburg, where he /was fined $50.
Arrested for Shooting a Doe.
Mayor Schmitz yesterday recommended
to the Board of Supervisors the oppoint
ment of a morguekeeper in the Coroner's
office, provision having been made in the
budget for the compensation of such ad
ditional employe.
Morguek'eeper for Coroner.
A petition signed by numerous property
owners in the vicinity of the new Postof
fice building at Seventh . and Mission
streets, requesting that the board cause
the removal of the fence around the
building was referred to the Bureau of
Streets. The petitioners represent that
the fence has been maintained, for six
years to the detriment of business on
Seventh and Mission streets. Street Su
perintendent Donovan is investigating
and he says he will recommend the re
moval of the obstruction.
The City Street Improvement Commit
tee was granted a permit to bltumlnize
Fourteenth street between Noe and San
chez.
The board approved a map of the boun
daries of the district to be benefited by
and assessed for changes of grade on
Jones street, near Francisco.
Before the meeting adjourned Schmitz
offered a written resolution reciting that
"he contended that the minutes of the
board were not correctly recorded regard
ing his protest to the passage of a reso
lution apportioning the appropriation for
the fiscal year 1903-1904 and increasing the
salaries of certain employes, as he con
sidered it an act of unnecessary and un
called for extravagance.
Manson objected to the latter part of
the resolution, claiming that a Commis
sioner had no right to criticize the action
of the board. He moved that the objec
tionable phrase be eliminated, but Casey's
motion that the resolution and the
amendment be laid on the table prevailed,
Schmitz voting- no.
The Civil Service Commission notified
the board that it will disapprove the tem
porary appointment of W. E. Commary,
assistant Inspector of school buildings,
for August for the reason that there'ls an
eligible list for the position. As ' the
board has appointed James *S. McSheehy
to be inspector of school buildings, Man
son said Commary would lose his posi
tion. Action, however, was postponed un
til the Board of Education is heard from.
The board denied the petition of H. R.
Glenn to erect a tent In which to Bell re
freshments on the corner of Grant ave
nue and Market street during the Grand
Army Encampment. A similar petition
from Mrs. E. M. Hegger was also denied.
Schmitz was obdurate in his contention
and accused the secretary and the assist
ant secretary of having willfully failed
to record a resolution offered by him at a
subsequent meeting protesting against
the increase, which, however, had also
been lost. Secretary Jortall explained
that Schmitz had not offered a resolu
tion, but had made a motion which failed
to carry, but Schmitz was not satisfied
with this explanation until after the
meeting, when it was made clear to him.
The meeting of the Board of Works yes
terday was again enlivened by Commis
sioner Schmitz, who persisted in hl3 ef
fort to have his formal protest against
the increase of salaries of various em
ployes - recorded on the minutes. Com
missioners Casey and Manson held that
the fact that Scbmitz's negative vote had
been recorded was the strongest kind of
protest.
Property - Owners Ask Re
moval of Fence Around
New Postofflce.
Commissioners Refuse
to Record Colleague's
Criticism.
SCHMIT2 STILL
MAKES TROUBLE
HAXr»A. Wyo.. Aug.. 5. —The Coroner'a Jury
that Investigated the mine accident of June
30 found that the explosion was caused by the
ifcnlUon of eas la sumo manner unknown.
Be It ever so humble, there Is no place
like home; and it is within easy reach of
all to furnish the home cheerfully with
pretty and artistically framed pictures.
Premium . pictures, which are being bo
plentifully distributed gratis Just now, can
be framed most attractively at little ex
pense. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market
street. . •
Home, Sweet Home.
The Long Arm System of Cleveland,
Ohio, filed a suit yesterday in the United
States Circuit Court against the Uni»n
Iron Works.'the United States Shipbuild
ing Company and James Smith Jr., as re
ceiver, to recover $100,000 and for an ac
counting of profits for Infringement of
letters patent on an invention known as
"closing bulkhead doors."
Union Iron Works Sued Again.
Joseph William Wagner pleaded guilty
to a charge of burglary in the first degree
before Judge Cook, yesterday and will be
sentenced on Saturday. He was arrested
for breaking into the grocery and saloon
at 201 Main street on the morning of May
15 and stealing several bottles of liquor
and cigars. There Is also a charge of rob
bery against him, but the case has been
held in abeyance.
Pleads Guilty to Burglary.
Ferguson was fifteen years in the Mail
Company's service and the engines of the
Siberia and Korea were Installed at New
port News under his supervision. He was
65 years old at the time of his death and
stood at the head of his profession. He
had many friends here and in the Orient
and It was the result of an investigation
by his friends into the circumstances of
his death that revealed the criminal care
lessness of a shipmate as responsible for
his taking off. ,jv**
The chief engineer's widow and two
grown-up daughters reside In New York
and have been advised, it Is said, to bring
suit for damages against the Pacific Mail
Company.
The accident occurred last June, when
tho liner was approaching Kobe from,
Yokohama.* Ferguson was on his way
from his room, which was on the prome
nade deck, to the main deck. At the after
break of the promenade deck is a com
panion ladder leading to the main deck,
somo eight feet below.
While Ferguson was in his room some
body removed this ladder. The ladder
when in place Is out of sight of the
promenade deck. No notice was posted
calling attention to the ladder's absence,
no barrier In the shape of rail or line
was placed across the opening, and when
Ferguson stepped from the promenade
deck It was into space. He struck the
Iron deck below with terrific force, and
in addition to the serious internal injuries,
from which he subsequently died, sus
tained a compound fracture of one
wrist He was taken to tho hospital at
Kobe, where he died.
The accident occurred In broad day
light and the fact that an experienced,
careful man like Ferguson fell into tho
trap shows how serious was the, neglect
of the person In charge of the Job of re
moving that ladder. The only reason that
the trap did not catch a few passengers
Is that Ferguson was the first man on
board whose business took him in that di
rection.
When the news was received in San
Francisco. of the death at Kobe of George
H. Ferguson, chief engineer of the Pa
cific Mall steamship Siberia, it was stated
by the company officials that death had
resulted from, pneumonia. Alexander Cen
ter, the general agent, admitted that
Ferguson had sustained some hurt in a
fall on board the liner, but pooh-poohed
the idea that his injuries were serious,
magnified the pneumonia and suggested
that the whole affair was of too slight im
portance for any serious consideration.
W hen the liner reached port not a soul on
board would discuss the accident. The
reason has been revealed in the discovery
that Ferguson came to his death as the
result of criminal carelessness.
Siberia's Late Chief En
gineer Victim of
Carelessness.
SEATTLE, Wash., Aug. 5.— News from
.the Orient is to the effect that the Ameri
can ship Atlas, which ran ashore off Put
su, not far from Yokohama. July 19 will
be floated. When the vessel was strand
ed she was completing one of the fastest
voyages ever -made to Yokohama from
New York.
Stranded Ship Atlas Will Be Saved.
VACAVILLE, Aug. 5.— Charlie Kelly,
an Indian, was stabbed and fatally
wounded last night during a drunken
quarrel with Joseph Blatt. Kelly was cut
in the abdomen and the physicians who
attended him say that there Is little hope
for his recovery. Blatt is under anest
and will be held pending the result of
Kelly's wound.
Fatally Stabbed During a Figlit.
• drive of gypsy children. It came
oil- yesterday afternoon In a gypsy camp
«»n a* wind swej>t lot about two blocks
from the Channel-street bridge, near
Sixth street.
Police Officer Charles F. Skelly reported
that # at a gypsy camp on Irwln, Sixth and
Seventh ' streets about twenty-five chil
dren ranging in age from 1 to 14 years,
were running about in a filthy condition,
most cf them with hardly any clothes on.
Sf cretary White and Officer McMurray of
the°Soclety for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Children started out to investigate.
Those t-f the grypsy children who were
¦jA>\* to talk at all begged for a nickel,
¦while the older girls with sAcy smile*
asked to tell the visitors' fortunes by
lcGkiitg at their palms.
¦.Vi'hat £tep the Society for the Preven
tion of Cruelty to Children will take is
ntft yet decided. Secretary White feels
that the children are hopelessly neglected
add -would like to see them taken from
their Indifferent parents and placed In
#orae public Institution. None of the chil
dren go to school. They are uncleanly
and most cf them wear only a Email piece
of ch,cap cotton material wound round
tfceia» The society may epply In the
courts to-<!ay for letters of guardianship
lor the children, and police officers may
m % ABBIT drives have been a com-
I .jm xnon occurrence in California for
l*Tsjv~ years, but this city now furnishes
*-*s^ the latest thing In that line — a
WIDOW MAY SUE
FOR DAMAGES
"Within a block of the camp many of
the children could be observed and as the
officers climbed over the fence to get in
formation about the children's condition,
the- tots literally swarmed around them.
The children were nearly all half naked,
with hair hanging: unkempt around their
shoulders. The gypsy camp is composed
of five families. Two of the men, who
were In a tent, said In broken English
that they were natives of Russia and had
come to America about a year ago. They
had worked their way from New York to
Los Angeles and expected after a couple
of months spent in this city to work their
way back slowly to Chicago. .
The men make their living by doing
copper work and they showed yesterday
afternoon how skillfully, with only the
most primitive tools, they could make
cooking and other vessels.
swoop down and take the little ones to a
plac« where they can learn something of
civilization.
UNHAPPY CHILDREN WHO DWELL IN THE GYPSY CAMP • NEAR
THE CHANNEL-STREET BRIDGE AND FOR GUARDIANSHIP OF
'* ' WHOSE PERSONS APPLICATION MAT BE MADE TO-DAY.
The Rev. J. J. Evans, pastor of the
Christian Church at Red Bluff, has been
called to Palo Alto and will take up the
work in September. He is a graduate of
the Kentucky Theological Seminary of
this denomination.
Rev. Mr. Crabtree graduated from the
University of Kentucky at Lexington In
1899 and later from the Kentucky Chris
tian- Theological Seminary in the same
city. Before coming here he held a pas
torate in Kentucky. He has been doing
considerable graduate work in the Latin
department at Stanford University during
the past two years, 'looking forward to
taking the degree of Ph. D.
PALO ALTO, Aug. 5.— The Rev. Da
vid Montgomery Crabtree, pastor
of the Palo Alto Christian Church,
has tendered his resignation, to
take effect September 1. He leaves
to take a rest, intending later to accept
one of several calls which he has re
ceived. He came here two years ago and
has been eminently successful in gaining
a large congregation and putting the
church work on a firm financial basls.fjle
erected a new church building and
preached the dedicatory sermon in It last
Sunday. The members qjf$ the church
were unanimous in urging him to remain
here. r
Rev. David M. Crabtree
Resigns to Take a
Needed Rest.
It is expected that the court will hand
down an opinion in the course of a few
days decisively settling the points at is
sue.
Auditor Harry Baehr was represented
by William H. Cobb and J. H. Me*. In
the course of his argument Mee 'contended
that the law (was constitutional, in that
the current of authority supported the
proposition that municipal corporations
were in a class by themselves, requiring
different legislation than in, the case of
the general public. He further contended
that it was the policy of this State to
render all property liable to be taken in
satisfaction of the claims of a creditor,
and there was no special exception to
this rule favoring a public official. He
said the true Interpretation of the- act
was that a public official's salary was
included within, the phrase "money due
and owing by a public corporation." and
that this 'express enactment of the Legis
lature should not be set aside by any sup
posed rule of public policy to the con
trary.
LAW CONSTITUTIONAL.
Thomas V. Cator argued for the peti
tioner that the law was unconstitutional,
in that it was special legislation affecting
the fees and salaries of public officials.
He took the further ground that It was
against the public policy of this State, in
the absence of an express enactment of
the Legislature, to permit the salary of a
public employe to be taken from him by
his creditors, and that consequently as
the law did not expressly mention pub
lic officials, their salaries were exempt
from its operation. He adverted to the
fact that in his interpretation of the law
he was supported by the Attorney Gen
eral In an opinion rendered by him a few
weeks ago to the Controller of the State
In a case Involving substantially similar
issues to that before the court.
In the course of the arguments it de
veloped that the Grocers' Association of
Washington. D. C, had inaugurated a
movement in that city, the result of which
was an expression of opinion by the heads
of practically all the departments of the
Government situated there, that so far
as those departments were concerned it
would compel employes of the Govern
ment to pay their debts contracted for
necessaries of life, although the Govern
ment would not consent to constitute it
self a collection agency for individuals,
nor would it recognize professional col
lectors.
It appears that for years past certain
money brokers in this State have been
doing a lucrative business in discounting
the warrants of city officials and were
consequently interested in this attempt to
overthrow the law in question. The
grocers of this city, upon the other hand,
were equally interested in having it sus
tained and therefore undertook the de
fense of the case in conjunction with the
Auditor.
OPPOSED INTERESTS.
of Ruperich upon the ground that a local
collection agency had attached his salary
under the provision of the act referred
to, and that thg Auditor was thereby
placed under a duty to pass this money
into court for the benefit of the creditor,
and not to Ruperich. George B. Ruperich
filed a petition In the Supreme Court
praying that the Auditor be compelled to
audit these salary demands. The Audi
tor, as respondent, relied upon the sec
tion above quoted as a defense.
George E. Ruperich, an employe of the
Department of Electricity of this city,
had a difficulty with the Auditor as to
two months' salary. It is claimed that
the Auditor declined to audit the demand
In the event that any one of those cor
porations owed money to the Judgment
debtor a judgment creditor was entitled
by following this procedure to have the
auditor of that corporation draw his war
rant in favor of the court which pro
nounced the judgment, and the court
upon receipt of tne money was. directed
to pay out so much thereof as was not
exempt from execution to the Judgment
creditor and to pay the balance to the
judgment debtor.
CREDITOR'S RIGHTS.
A case involving the validity and inter
pretation of a statute passed by the last
j Legislature providing for the attachment
i of moneys due by any public corpora
tion in this State was argued yesterday
morning before the Supreme Court, sit
ting in bank.
The history of the legislation in ques
tion is of interest, as it indicates the
general trend of a national movement in
augurated by the different associations of
retail grocers throughout the country. It
was attempted eight years ago to pass
a law in this State providing for the at
tachment of public officials' salaries while
in the hands of the disbursing officer.
The Judiciary Committee of the Legisla
ture considered such a law to be inaa
visable and refused to approve it.
At the three subsequent sessions of the
Legislature the Retail Grocers' Associa
tion of California attempted to'obtain leg
islation upon the subject, but without re
sult. At the last session, however, its
efforts were rewarded in that a new sec
tion was added to the Code of Civil Pro
cedure which provided in substance that
when a. creditor had reduced his claim
to judgment he might file a certified copy
of the Judgment with the Controller of
the State' of California or the Auditor of :
any county or city within the -State, ac- j
companied by his affidavit stating the
exact sum due upon the judgment and
that he desired to avail himself of the
provisions of the section In question.
The State of California and each of the
different counties and cities in the State
are in the eyes of the law separate public
corporations, having independent exist
ence and being subject to independent du
ties.
Justices' Opinion Expected
to Finally Settle the
Controversy.
Validity of Attachment
of Officials' Pay Be
fore High Court.
CASE INTERESTS
CITY EMPLOYES
RAGGED GYPSY CHILDREN
DRAW POLICE ATTENTION
More- Than Score of Unkempt Little Wanderers of Alien
Race Are Gathered on Vacant Lot, and Humane Society
Officers Will Make Effort to Place Them in Homes
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL; THURSDAY, AUGUST 6, 1903.
7
• ADVEBTIBTnti K.NTS.
Pronounced D e a d —
Heart Trouble.
Doctor Finally Told
Me to TaKe
Dr. Miles* Heart Cure— It
Cured Me.
Dr. MifctMsVart Cere ceres heart disease
br removing the cause. It strengthens the
weakened neart nerves; it regulates the
heart's action; it enriches the blood, improves
the circulation and replaces cickness with
health, weakness with strength, misery with
happiness. Do not delay treatment. If your
heart flutters, palpitates, skips beats, pains,
if slight exertion causes shortness of breath,
your heart is weak and you should at once
be^in the use of Dr. Miles' Heart Cure.
"Dr. .Miics' Heart Cure has been of inesti-
mable value to me and I doubt if I should
have tried it at til but for others statements
of its beneficial results. I suffered from val-
vular heart trouble for a number of years,
was given up to die on several occasions.
anfi twice pronounced *£one.' In Septem-
ber, 1890, the date of my last, severe attack,
my. physician advised me that there was no
hope. . The valves did not close at all, there
was constant re^ury itation, and the circula-
tion was so slu££ish that the slightest effort
caused fainting, followed by muscular con-
tractions, each one seeming the very throbs
of <iea:h. I began taking Dr. Miles' Heart
Cure urrder my doctor's care and when the
nrst fcottle rrzs gone I wa« ordered to buy a
half-dozen more. The effect of the seven
bottles was son.ething remarkable. I am
now restored to u. condition of good health
and bid fair to enjoy many years of life." —
Mrs. A. A- Stowe, Los Angeles, CaL
All "druggists sell and guarantee first bot-
tle TJr. Miles' Remedies. Send for-iree book
en Nervous and Heart Diseases. Address
Dr. Miles Medical Co, Elkhart, Ind.
Pnfan* D0VT ™IL TO
1 UiawW see the beautiful
- COURT Lounging
%X\ii room, the EMPIRE
CIllU PARLOR, the
r * PALM ROOM, the
lif/Hid LOUIS XV PAR-
UiaiiU lor, and th e LA .
if . * DIES' WRITING
hotels room
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Cash trpfltment
without
Furniture, carpets, curtains
)
This is the proposition : You want to |ur-
nish a home. You haven't enough ready cash
to pay in full when the goods are delivered,
jence you're compelled to buy "on time." Yet
you dislike trading Jn an out-and-out install-
ment store. How are you going to get the ,
easy - payment accommodation and still buy
your goods in one of the big first-class stores?
We offer you the way.
We loan you the money, charging simply
the regular banking rate of interest — six per
cent. You go then to one of the big, first-
class furniture stores where the stock is big
and fresh, and where _ satisfaction is certain;
and when you have made your selections pay
your bill in good, hard cash.
The installment stores charge you ten per
cent above their cash prices for time. All you
pay us is six per cent. The actual saving to
you is FOUR PER CENT.
For instance: If your purchases amount to
$100.00 we will charge you $106.00— which is a
six per cent advance; 'then you pay us $20.00
cash and the balance in monthly payments
amounting to $8.60 each month. If your pur-
chases amount to $75.00 we will" charge you
$79.50; you make us a cash payment on this
of $15.00 and pay the balance at the easy rate
of $0.45 per month. .
Investigate this— it will pay you.
Gould, Sullivan Co.
Suite 1403-05 "Call'' Building, %£Z£L.
AMUSEMENT
A X • £~S A J~W A T> Belasco ft Mayer.
ALCAZAR *sts~
Gen. Msr.
MAT. TO-DAY— TO-NIGHT— THIS WEEK.
"Charming: performance." — Chronicle.
"A delightful comedy." — Call.
"Went with a enai>." — Examiner.
WHITE WHITTLESEY.
THE BUTTERFLIES
Evg.. 25c to 75c: Mat. Thur. & Eat.. IBe to 5Oc. !
Next Monday — Farewell Week of the WHIT-
TLESEY Engagement.
THE THREE MUSKETEERS.
Monday. Aug. 17 — The Greatest of Rural Playa,
THE DAIRY FARM.
VIGOROUS VAUDEVILLE!
The Great Kaufmann Troupe; Dooley
and Tenbrooke; Roberts, Hayes
and Roberts; George Austin and
the Biograph. Last times of Mine.
Konorah; James J. Morton; Ma-
cart's Dogs and Monkeys and
Claudius and Corbin.
Reserved Scats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Box Seats
and Opera Chairs, SOc.
ifAlilFORNTA
I- \ ' ~" ' — r~~ iff 1
I ¦ BARGAIN' MATINEE TO- &**
V DAY. | |
btilLlr MO2OSCO CO.
75 Presenting Paul Leicester 7J\
*" Ford's Matchless Romance of
K/\ the KevoluUon. CS\
~Z JAKICE MEBEDITH. ' U
Z5 Klrst time at less than $2 Jc5
prices. Next Sunday Night.
"A ROYAL FAMILY." Most
Ti jharmlnft comedy romance TTTWM
«ver written. St
HE AT Rill
1 I V V/L.I HOUSE.
ALL THIS WEEK. SATURDAY M ATINEE.
The Third Week of the Special Engagement of
CAMILLE D'ARVILLE
In DeKoven's Great Comic Opera,
THE t-IIG^ 1A//W/V\AIN
' Special Cast Throughout.
EDWIH STEVENS as POXY QtTILI.EE.
Arthur Cunningham. Annie Myers, Ferris
Hartman. Edward Webb. Bertha Davis, Aimee
Leicester and the big Ti'voli Company.
The Next Attraction Will Be
¦ "THE POETUin; TEI1EB."
With Anna LIchter in the leading soprano
- part.
POPULAR PRICES 25c. SOc. 75c
Telephone Bush 9.
•^¦^^ Proprietor*.
Market Street, Near Eighth. Phone South 833.
TO-NIGHT— ONE WEEK ONLY.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Stupendous Production of Edwin Arden's
Powerful Russian Drama.
ZORAH
— WITH—
HERSCHEL MAYALL as RABBI ISRAEL
FRANCOS.
EUGENIA THAIS LAWTON as ZORAH.
Gorgeous Scenic Effects! Splendid Costumes!
Brilliant Cast!
PDIfFC EVENINGS 10c to 50c
rAltC3 MATINEES 10c. 15c, 25c
Mondayl August 10— "MAN'S ENEMY."
GRAND 8EEB£
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
LjAST THRJBJEJ NiaHTSI
RAYMOND AND CAV6RLY
And Our Superb Eastern Company In
|IN WALL STREET!
INe»xt Sunday ISfght
The Rogers Brothere" Success of Last Season,
"IIS HAR\//\RD»»
A Gorgeous, Novel and Beautiful Production.
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
¦ PRICE3— 25c. COc. 75c.
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.
RECREATION PABK.
—EIGHTH AND HARRISON
CHAMPIONSHIP GAMES.
THURSDAY AND FRIDAY, 3:30 P. M.; SAT-
URDAY. 8:00 P. M.
SUNDAY: t 2:30 P. M.
LOS ANGELES vs. OAKLAND.
LADIES' DAYS THURSDAY AND FRIDAY.
Advance Sale. S Stockton St.
Wil7 Gall $1,00 w Tea?
ADVERTISEMENTS. M
i-*L5a^iLl 1 iPilJ'EP JlA H IP
WILL LAST BUT
3— Days More—3
REMAINING STOCK OF i
Suits, Jackets, Skirts and
Trimmings
Damaged by Fire and Water Reduced to
10 Cents on the Dollar
1142-1146 MARKET STREET.
AMUSEMENTS.
Tlma Is Growing Near. The Last Week of
"UNDER THE RED GLOBE"
Combined With
"THc THREE MUSKEETERS."
Our "All-Star" Ca«t. Including:
KOLB AND DILI,
BARXET BETINARD.
WINFIEIJ> BLAKE
HARRY HERMSEM.
MAUDE AMBER.
Reserved Seats: Nlghta 25c. SOc and T5c*
Saturday and Sunday Matinees 25c and 50c:
Children at Matinees 10c and 25c.
Next Monday Nleht — "THE BIO LTTTLB
PRINCESS- and "QUO VASS IS3." SeiS
now on sale.
f*fll I1K9I3IA MNMcscw
W«£sUUlfl|5_lfft UADIlta HATEH
THIS WEEK AND NEXT WEEK.
EVERY NIGHT, INCLUDING SVNDAT.
MATINEE SATURDAT ONLY.
F^^OA "The Comedian
JL*4LaJTW J 1 You All Know."
KENDALL
In His Great Starring Comedy Success,
"THE VINEGAR BUYER"
A LICENSE FOR LAUGHTER.
Llebler &, Co j Managers
Aug. 17— Henry Miller and Margaret Anghn.
High-Class Specialties Every Afternoon
and Evening In the Theater.
TO-NIGHT.
GALA AiMATEUR PERFORMANCE
Concluding With
NEW LIVING PICTURES.
TAKE A TRIP -DOWN THE FLUME."
Th« Wonderful Scenic Waterway.
ELECTRIC FOUNTAIN SATURDAY NIGHT.
ADMISSION 10c | CHILDREN 5c
BABY TIGERS In the ZOO.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
/g5j£Ej£!&n A STEINWAY HALL.
it&XjF?j&VtS%%*&\ With exp^rtrnents In
Tickets 25c. BOc and 75o
DAWSON PIOiMEER BAY EXCURSION
On steamer SUNOL. SUNDAY. AUGUST 9.
for Martinez, visltlnz Vallejo. Mare Island
Nery Yard. Union Iron Works. Will stop at
Martinez one hour (or dinner. Round trip SOc.
Leaves Washlngton-st. wharf. Pier 3. 10 a. m.
An Ounce of Satisfaction
Is worth a pound of talk, ana you get
It every time that you have a shirt, cuff
or collar laundered at this establishment.
From the finest linen to tho most delicate
color in summer shirts our work is the
acme of the art of fine laundry work.
Carefulness and skill are shown In every
article returned to you from the
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
OFFICE 1004 MABZIT STBEST,
Near PowelL ."'.*!
/Sf\ Patented fi^S
1A Spheroid /il
I y j* Eye Glasses tM
I Will improve the sight. | 4
I ) Prices moderate.
Weak Men arid Women
SHOULD USE DA MIAN A BITTERS. THK
Great Mexican Remedy: gives health ant»
strength to sexual organs. Depot, C3 MarkeuSTANFORD UNIVERSITY. Au». 8.—Ath
letic Manager David V.-Camden has engaged
Frank L. Slaker as assistant football coach for
this year. ./Slaker held the same position last
year. He will be under J. F. Langan, who was
Lake proved costly to-day and enabled four
Miners to reach the horns plate. .WIggs pitched
excellent ball, but his support was ragged.
Bandolln held the visitors down to six scat
tered hits. Score: .
¦ T» |I "p
Butte ...;.... ...0 1 10 0 0 llx— 4* 1 3
Salt Lake ..0 0 10 10 0 0 0-^2 6 • 5
: Batteries-^Bandolln and Swindells; WIggs
* Fourth race, 2:14 class, trot, purse $1000 —
Jim Ferry won two straight heata in 2:16'.i,
2:12*4. George Muscovite, Norrle, Dillon Boy,
The Questor and Hie Boy also started.
¦ Third race, 2 :0S class, pace, - Iroquois Hotel
stakes, purse $2000 — John Pointer won the sec
ond and third heats in 2:08V4. 2:«Hi. Win
field Stratton won the first heat in 2:00.
Nervola, . Suf reet, Cubanola and Viceregal • also
urn ii ii f'iininiiiBi'*»wji"iiWiii*iiWMminfir »
Second race, 2:18 class, trot, purse ?2000,
Queen City stake— Millard Sanders won the
second and third heats in 2:15^, .2:15%.
Allebrieve won the first heat in 2:14 Vi.' Lady
Patch. :¦ Guy Fortune. John Mac, Monroe and
Hattle Mac also star ted. JMBaBg-^Wfeg »e3 m
First race, 2:30 class, trot, purse $1000 —
Judge Green won the second and tfcird heats
in 2:17U. 2:20%. Margaret Bathgate won the
first . heat in 2:17?4- Yankee Bey Crown
Princess, King Simmons and Gray Gem also
started. . v .
BUFFALO, \ Aug. 5.— Yesterday's post
poned card of the Grand Circuit was run
off at, the Kenilworth track to-day. Sum
mary:
JOHN POINTER .WINS
AT KENTLWORTH PARK
. R. H. E.
Seattle ..........0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0^1 8 2
Helena .0 10 0 0 0 0 4 0—6 11 1
. Batteries— Klinkhammer and Hurley; Carter
and Carrisch. Umpire— Colgan.
. .RUXXEV MflnJU'Aiuc. fi,— FU"i. f.rnr» f& >*U.
R H ' F
Los Angeles..... 0 0 0 0 4 0 10 1—0 13* 3
Tacoma....... :..o 1 2 0 0 0 10 0 — 4 10 4
Batteries — Thatcher and H. Hlldebrand;
Blewett and Byers. ' UmDire— Rusa Hall.
SPOKANE. Aug. B. — In the ninth inning of
tho game to-day Shortstop McCarthy of the
San Francisco team made an assault on Umpire
Warner. McCarthy had been lined yesterday
and to-day for talking from the bench. Mc-
Carthy and the rest of the San f ranclsco team
were followed downtown by a crowd of in
dignant fans. San Francisco was clearly out
classed in to-day's game, a But tor an error the
game would have been a shut-out. Attendance,
800. Score: - . , .
R. H. B.
Spokane 2 0 1 0 1 0 1 1 x— 6 13: 1
San Francisco... 0 0 0 0 0 2 0 0 0—2 0,8
Batteries — Lelbhardt and Hanson; Borchers
and - Zearfoss. ,.:,-'¦:: :;" -
SEATTLE, Aug. 6.— Helena, outbatted ." .' and
outflelded the locals to-day and won with ea*o.
Score: . . ¦¦ v ¦.¦¦¦•
W.L.P'ct.1 W.I,.P'et.
Los Angeles .01 86 .630 San Fran ...40 40 .SCO
Butte 50 37 .615'Taeoma 40 56 .417
I'pokano 67 3» .591 Helena 35 67 .380
Seattle 60 45 .526 Salt Lake.... 11 21 .344
TACOMA. > Aug. 6.— Five clean singles,
coupled with an error and Clark*' two-bagger,
gave Los Angeles four runs in the fifth inning
and put them in the lead. They scored again
in the seventh and ninth on errors, the. last
time without the > semblance of - a hit in the
inning. Score:
(Pacific National League.)
Is Assaulted by Shortstop McCarthy,
Whom He Had Disciplined.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
TJMPIBE WARNER ATTACKED.
Open stake, sixty entries— Clarice vs. Tralee
Boy; Fair Oaks vs. Adonis: Minnie Horgan vs.
Algy McDonald; Mickey Free vs. Sacramento
Boy; Flying Pasha vs. Honest John; America
vs. Flying Fox; Gambit vs Game Boy; Tlllle
R vs. Ragged Actor; Silver Heels vs. Bonnie
Pasha; Reckless Acrobat vs. Serapronlus;
Queen's Motto vs. Liberator;. False Alarm vs.
Rubber Ankles; Presidio Boy vs. Old Ironsides;
Concord Boy vs Lord Brazen: Pretty Face
vs. Brilliancy; Real Article vs. Vandal; Minnie
Sankey vs. Full Moon; Pepper Hill vb. Fenlt;
Golden Light vs Rural Artist; lone Hill vs.
Fair Tralee; Cluster vs. Red Rock; Free From
Flaw vs. Fontenoy; Money Musk vs. Our Mot
to; Cremo vs. Rector; Sylvan vs. Pomona; Mi
Amigo vs. Roman Athlete; Eagle vs. Free
Born: Wattles vs. Modest Beauty; Cloverdale
vs. Haphazard ; Manhattan King vs. Barge.
Two stakes with a total entry of eighty
two ereyhounds will make up the card
on Sunday at Union Coursing Park. The
draw last night resulted as follows:
Puppy stake, twenty-two entries — Itish Lad
vs. Duhallow; Dartaway vs. Ragtime: Rose
Tre« *vs. Ravy Aurora; Richard Antone vs.
Gunpowder; Racing Auto vs. Rocker Arm; En
core vs. Irvlngton Tralee; McVey vs. Ethel P:
Ploughman vs. Gunfire; Happy vs. Fancy Free;
Spring Valley vs. Matopan; Rocklin Boy vs.
Balendlne.
Twenty -Two Puppies
Entered for Union
Park Stake.
YOUNG HOUNDS
ON THE FIELD
Leicester Is Beaten.
LEICESTER, England. Aug. 5.— Thd
Philadelphia cricket team won here to
day in a match against Leicester by 101
runs.
COWES, Isle of Wight. Aug. B.-*-The Boa*
won the German Emperor's cup ia to-day's re
gatta of the Royal Yacht squadron. -- ,
WASHINGTON. Aug. 5.— The Postofflce De
partment established during the month of July
2455 rural free delivery routes.
Professor Austin Is Seriously m.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Aug. 6.—
E. A. Austin, "05, assistant curator of the
Stanford University museum, recently
raught typhoid malaria In the mines of
the Sutter Crock region and Is- now seri
ously ill at his home in Stockton. He -was
engaged in making a collection of Cal
ifornia minerals for the museum.
¦p-A-PT.-Rivr ENTRIES.
CHICAGO, Aug. 5. — Weather cloudy; track
muddy. Harlem entries:
First race, five furlongs, ielllng— Era Clear
CORBKTT AND SAM BERGER
IN r A FRIENDLY SET-TO AT
ALAMEDA.
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
By the New York Telegraph.
First race — Allegrette, Ganossa,
Our Lillie.
Second race — No selections.
Third race — Major Carpenter, Ben
Adkins, Milkirk.
Fourth race^ — W. B. Gates, Mon
tana Peeress, Lindenella.
Fifth race — Dr.- Hart, Whiten,
Mission.
Sixth race— Custus, Lynch, Or
leans.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling — Helen Hay
110. Orleans 117, Kohnwreath 117. Weird 119.
Custus 107, Lynch 114. Legation 112. Dottle
Shute 110, Joe Goss 110. Northern Spy 122.
Miss Gould 110. Theory 117.
Third race, five furlongs, purse — Tom Kiley
ICC. Milklrk 103. Foliea Bergeres 100. Woods
Perry 100. Ben Adkins 100. Major Carpenter 1<X>.
Fourth race, one mile, selling — Montana Peer
ess 98, The Messenger 107. ST. B. Gates 107,'
George W. Dasch 101. Llndeneila 105.
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth ml!es, sell
ing—Leon De 93. King's Sister 83, Galanthus
100. Miss Eon 90. Immortelle 90. Henry of
Franstamar 1C5. Varner 98, Class Leader 92.
Varna Fonso S3. Whiten S3. Sir Paul lOti, Dr.
Hart 103.
Second race, six * furlongs, selling-jSwart
Piet 114. Dr. Jones 119. Judge Rankin 114. Car
pet Knight 107. Crossmoltna 117. Hydrophobia
110, Orion 119, Lennie Powell 117. My Pet 117.
D of R 117, Prince Herman 112. Offset 105.
Cressida 110.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 5. — Weather threatening;
track muddy. Delmar entries:
First race, four and a half furlongs, selling —
Soson 90. Grief 101, Our Lillie 101. Allegrette
!»s, Bride 101, Juvenalla 103. Canossa 95, Allle
C 100. Ann Dear 100, Bessie Kirby 93. Sex
tette 104. .
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
Portland 0 0 0 4 2 10 0 0 2—9 13 1
Sacramento ..0 00101230 1 — S 9 a
Batteries — Morris and Vlgeanx; Brown. Fttt
gerald and Graham. Umpire — Lery.
It. H. E.
Seattle : 0 0000000 0 — O 4 » : 4
San Francisco. .0 0 6 0 0 0 0 1 0^ — 7 8 1
Batteries — Drohan and Boettlger; Whalen and
Kelly. >
PORTLAND. Or.. Aug. B. — Sam Morris. &
Chemawa Indian, won to-day's game for Port
land from Sacramento in a game made sensa
tional by hi* pitching, fielding and batting.
What should have been another shut-out for
Sacramento was prolonged into ten innings by
the miserable work of Portland's infield. Morris
made a double play unassisted, a two-base hit
and a home run on the longest fly erer knock
• fi on the Portland grounds. Attendance. 3300.
Score:
Wins a Ten-Inning Game lor Port
land, Beating Sacramento.
SEATTLE Wash.. Aug. 5. — San Francl3CO
won the secihd game of the series by seven to
nothing. Whalen's star pitching being respon
sible for the shut-out. San Francisco mad*
six in the third. Two passes and an error
filled the bases, -which were cleared by Delmas'
three-bagger. The latter scored on Kelly's
single. Another pass, an error and Shay's hit
brought in two more runs. Whalen only al
lowed four hits, two of which were scratches.
Aside from the third Inning, Drohaa also
pitched good ball. Score:
INDIAN PLAYS GREAT BALL-
By the Chicago Inter Ocean. .
First race— J. W. O'Neill, Falk
land, Banwell.
Second race — Mocorito, Optional,
Joe Martin.
Third race— Father Tallent, El
wood, Henry Lyons.
Fourth race— Brulare, Jack Eat
lin, John Peters.
Fifth race— Fonsoluca, C. B. Camp
bell, Larry Wilt.
Sixth race — Moabina, Kunja, Little
Elkin.
TTA-RT.T.M SELECTIONS.
Second race, six furlongs — joo Martin 102,
Brookf ul Jr. 99, Miracle II 99. Mayor Johnson
09. Optional 97, Emma A M 97, Fab 97, Moco
rlto 07, Marlon Lynch 07,
Third race, five furlongs. Youngster stakes—
Father Tallant 110, Blumenthal ¦ 110, El wood
110. Lanark 100, Henry Lyons 07.
Fourth race, six furlongs— Jack Ratlin 112,
John Peters 102, Censor 102, Sardine 102. Bru
lare 10S, Otla 102. Gallant 99. . (Peters . and
Censor, Hlldreth entry.)
Fifth race, one mile and twenty yards, sell-
Ing — Haydon 105, Fonsoluca 105, O'Hagen 102,
Lou Woods 101. Jaubert 101. Alee 100, C. B.
Campbell 98, Larry Wilt 98.
Sixth race, one mile and twenty yards, sell
ing — Pat Morrlssey 105, Goldaga 104. Marcos
101. fid Adack 100. Give All 10O. Moabina Oft.
Kunja 96. Prince Blazes 95. Little KUjln 95.
Gracious 93.
105. Freckman 105. J. W. O'Neill 10*. Falk
land 104, Pond 102, Charlie Slade 102, Pocasset
101, Ralph Young 99, Henry Luehrman Jr. 99,
Banwell 97. Seven Oaks 94. Phelan 04.
The other missive was an advertising
circular which/is being distributed by the
Yosemite Club. It fell into the hands of
some joker, who took Corbett's picture,
which appears on the circular, and touch
ed it up artistically. Jim's closest friend
would never know him In the photograph.
His j left eye Is blackened and there are
cuts and bruises, done in red and black
ink, all pver his body. One caption in
forms Jim this is what Jeffries will do
to him, while another advises some one
to ring for an ambulance.
Betting on the fight Is expected to com
mence to-day. It Is predicted Jeffries will
open a 1 to 2 choice. Harry Corbett i» so
sanguine of his brother's winning the
fight that he has expressed his Intention
of betting Jim will knock Jeffries out. He
expects good odds on this proposition.
Jim weighed 185% pounds in ring cos
tume before he commenced work yester
day. He continues to drink two quarts
of mineral water each morning after his
work and finds it agrees with him.
Jim's extensive mail brought him two
missives which amused him. One was a
linen cuff sent him by a New York com
edian. The writer wished Jim good luck
and told him his friends in the profession
expect him to carry off the long end of
the purse.
Berger was the first victim and for
nineteen minutes, wltnout a breathing
spell, he and Corbett fought all over the
ring. The blows exchanged were no love
taps. Corbett had done but little gymna
sium work and was fresh for the. boxing.
He tried all manner of blows on Berger,
and also wrestled him about roughly as
though he expects some of this work
when he meets Jeffries. Berger was fly
ing signals of distress soon after hos
tilities commenced, but stuck gamely to
his task. This work was done in the
open air and the party then adjourned
to the gymnasium, where Yank Kenny's
troubles commenced. Kenny performs a
double duty in the Corbett camp, acting
as sparring partner and also raising the
standard of beauty among Jim's handlers.
He had hardly put up his hands before
Jim caught him a hard blow on the head
and took much of the speed out of him.
He was finally compelled to stop, as re
peated blows on^ the head affected the
nerves of his neck and rendered him de
fenseless.
line of actual combat bo closely
that the casual spectator would find It
difficult to imagine it was only Intended
as practice for Corbett.
J'M CORBETT'S boxing partners
put in an exceedingly busy forty
minutes yesterday at Alameda.
Their work approached the border
Bob Fitzsimmons and his charming wife
jumped into a runabout shortly after
breakfast and were not visible again until
dinner time. Bob took along with him
fishing rod and gun, and returned with a
three-pound trout and some doves.
Dr. Tlllman, official physician of the
Yosemite Club, under whose auspices the
big contest will be held, is here, and to
morrow the champion will undergo a phy
sical examination. .
Amusement Director Judge Quinn of
Emeryville Is endeavoring to bring togeth
er Proprietor Jim Hayes and Henry
Jacobs, the San Francisco drayman. In a
dancing contest In the days gone by the
former had no equal In this county, from
the buck and wing to the naughty two
step. Henry has more medals .at home
than evfcr decorated the breast of Donald
Dlnnle, the Scotch athlete, and if he can
secure a pair of light "dog-houses" the
pair will meet Saturday-night.
; • ; F. E. MULHOLLAND.
The champion and his partner claim
they had to acknowledge defeat because
of the splendid signal code used by Lyons
and Robert3. If a heart lead was desired
Roberts would tell of how sweet one of
the pretty waitress girls was on the cook.
Then, If sitting back with a first full of
spades, Lyons would spin a yarn of a
clambake and the best places to dig them.
Out would come Roberts with a spade
lead. Probably next deal the latter would
tell of a friend of his, a great clubman,
that ho expected up here to-morrow, and,
of course, a club lead followed on the part
of Lyons. If overloaded with a diamond
cult Lyons would next relate how an in
timate friend of his picked up a three
karat stone for $90. In this way it Is not
difficult to see how Jeff and Kelly went
down to defeat.
¦would pull on the gloves and go at It
hammer, and tongs every day this week
with Bob Fitzslmmons, Joe Kennedy and
Jack Jeffries. But after a run down to
Middletown and back Jeffries decided that
would do for one session.
This, of course, suited "Brother Jack"
and Kennedy, and Manager and Trainer
Billy Delaney from long experience has
learned to do nothing but saw and chop
firewood, for once he has made up his
ming sixteen government mules hooked up
tandem fashion could not budge Jeff one
inch. Jim would give all the noted last
turn players in the country an awful run
for their money, and after they had called
him wrong a few times he would be plas
tered all over with "the copper." After
tho dinner hour Jeff participated In the
ball game, occupying the pitcher's box.
Later in the evening, with Luke Kelly as
a partner, the pair played whist with
Billy Lyons and Chalk Roberts. ¦
t|- TJ AUBIN SPRINGS, Augr. 5.— Big
1 1— 4 1 Jim Jeffries broke the slate again
I Ion Tuesday, and there was not
•** a dissenting voice. It was gener
ally supposed the boilennaker
SARATOGA SELECTIONS.
By the New York Telegraph.
First race — Gay Boy, Coburg, Blg
odon.
Second race — Embarrassment, Ros
tand. Birchbroom.
Third race — Dovecote, Baglan, Lit
tle Em.
Fourth, race — Runnels, Hennis,
Flying Ship.
Fifth race— Grenada, Play Ball,
Sweet Tone.
Sixth race — Heir Apparent, Tobog
gan, Sockmart.
Sixth race, one mile, for mares and geld
ings, three-jcar-olds — Heir Apparent 111. Paa
Lougin 114. Rockmart 109. Cottage Maid 109
Ruwll Garth 114. Passbook 111. Toboggan 111
Dorset 111. Lenarka 111. Gineano 111.
Second ract. rm« and a sixt^nth miles on
turf, wiling, three-year-olds — Florham Queen
M, Embarrassment S6. Lowly S4. Mosketo S3.
Jtostand K>1, Carroll D «<5, Birch Broom 10::
IVninFuIa US, Hjiand 101, Flara 9G.
Third race, five and a half furlongs, Spin
away, for fillies — French Matron 110. Grpat
Crossing 119. Testimony lli«. Fine Art lift,
Little Em 116. Euphrata 119, Rowena 11U.
W^morW lift. Raglan 119, Dovecote 11».
Fourth race, on* mile, three-year-old* anil
upward — Hermln 119. Yardarm 104. Masterman
119. Chuctanur.da 120. Hurst bourne 11<>, Afri
cander lie, Runnels 109, Flying Ship 104.
Filth raoe, five and a half rurtongs. selling —
Sweet Tone S9, Grenada "J.%, Goldsplnk 100.
Tamarix !<T. Bath n^ach 100. Judge 100, Mas
da la 95, Play Ball 82.
First race, six furlongs, for all ages. High
weight handicap — Coburg irs, Rlgadon 130. Gay
Boy 12S. Yardarm 123, Tam O'Shanter 111>,
Korward US Monte Carlo 110, Sparkle Esher
H*. Orloff 105.
SARATOGA, Aug. 5. — Weather cloudy; track
heavy. Saratoga entries:
SARATOGA E1TTBIES.
Time. 1 :46 2-5. Start poor. Won ridden out.
Wlnr^r. J. Fleischmann's bay gelding by Orna
ment-lTomenade. John Barleycorn 103, Locket
3<>4. Eva Russell 103. Gloriosa 102. Earl of
Warwick 102. Easy Street 10G. also ran.
SIXTH RACE — Ore mile; Felling; three-year
olds and upward.
Brttlng. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1— Stroller,* S3 (McC&fferty).. 4 2 12
:2 to 1— Star and Garur.sa (Con'.l) 5 3 2 .1
3 to J— Bon Mot. 110 (Hicks) 2 C 3 4
Tinv. 1:11. Start cood. Won etslly. Win
ner. J. P. Kramer's bay filly by Goldfinrh-
Lacachuca. Palette 104, Stormy 111, Low Cut
111. Hestennnert 104. M. Theo 113. Ponapa 104,
Fickle 111. Scotch Plume 112. also ran.
FIFTH RACE — Five and a half furlong*
two-year-olds; puree.
Hettlnir. llorpe. Weight. Jockey. St. *; Fin.
10 to 5 — Graceful. 107 <Cochran>... 3 118
JO to 1— Fol San. 104 atedfern) 6 2 2 3
fc to 5 — Pirouette, 111 (CTNelll)... 4 « 3 4
Time. 2:00 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. C. F. Dwy^r's brown colt by Lord
Iiartingtcn-Mary Greenwood.
THIRD RACE— PIx rurlor.rs; Seneca selling
»tske!«; throe-year-o!<Jp.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. Et. «i Fin.
:<• to 1 — Castalian. 10t> (Burns) 2 112
4 to 1— Toscan, 113 (Redfern) 1 2 2 %
J5 to 1— Virgin Soil. 107 «Hicks).. 8 4 3 5
Time. 1:17 1-5. Start rood. Won easily.
Winner. F. R. Hitchcock'* chestnut gelding by
I'.athamitton-Oai'talia. Counterpoise 10S. Foxy
Kane 1O.V Nevermore 107, The Guardsman 103,
tj\ve«t Alice 101. also ran.
FOl"RTH RACE — One and an eighth mlle«;
handicap; thive- year-olds and upward.
lWtlr*. Horse. Weiitfjt. Jockey. St. s i Fin.
* to 5— Pnauket. 110 (Fuller) 2 1 13
J 1 to 5 — Carbuncle. 115 ( Burns) 3 3 'Z 10
. V to 6 — Hir Voorhees. 112 (O'NVil!) 12 3
SECOND RACE— Steeplechase; handicap
n*<>ut two miles.
Batting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
1 to 3 — Foxhunter, 150 (G. Green) 3 1 1 a
JO jo I — I'aHer. 135 <C. Wilson)... 4 2 2 5
4 to 1— Ohnet, 14« (Sonjcer) 2 3 3 10
Time, 4:12. Start pood. Won easily. Win
ner. T. Hitchcock Jr.'* chestnut colt by Golden
Dawn-Wineina. Amur 145. JIanllian 130.
Bounder no. also ran.
Tlrce. 1:11 3-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner. F. Fan-ell'* chestnut filly by Ben
Sircme-Over the Wat^r. Lone Siiar J00. Yo
{-an US. Interlude li«. The <Jlobe 'JX. Orison &4,
Hxtralaw :»7, Tommy Rot 02, Iloceo 83. Black
amoor 107, also ran.
FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs
falling; two-year-olds.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
b to 1 — Mimon. S9 (Robinson).... 4 1 1 3
TA to 1— Kedman, !»4 (D. O'Connor) 7 5 2 1
60 to J— Auf Wie<irschn,32 (McCffy) 6 7 3%
SAIIATOQA, Aug. 5.— The feature this
jifiernoon tvae the Seneca, stakes, sell
ing, a Eprint at six furlongs, and, like
the Alabama stakes yesterday, it fur
nished a surprise. Castalian. running in
the all green of F. R. Hitchcock, ma-do
all the runninc and won, at odds of 10
to 1- Toscan. the second choice, dropped
into the place, while Counterpoise, the
favorite was badly beaten.
Mlxncri, an 8 to 1 chance, easily gath
ered in the opening event and Foxhunter,
favorite in the steeplechase, won for the
talent.
In- ih<» fourth race Setauket and Sir
VoorhJos were ecual choices in the bet
ting. Sir Yoorhies rsn a very bad race,
while S^tauket ran an extra jrood one.
outfootir-g Carbuncle easily. Summary:
Special Dispatch to The Call
Oakland — i Lo» Angeles —
AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R. H. P. A.
O'Har.cf. 3 1 1 .', o'Hoy. cf.. 3 3 10 0
Frncka.s 3 0 13 2 \Vhelr.2b 4 10 0 4
Murdk.rt 3 110 1 £mlth.3b. 4 12 11
Hchwz,3b 4 O 2 1 1! Dillon, lb 5 O » 14 •>
Baxter.2b 4 0 0 2 2 Cravth.rf .1 O t» £ 2
Mos.kni.lf 3 0 0 4 0 Ross. 1J.. 5 O O 2 <•
Gorton, c 4 0 0 4 CiTomaa. a 2 0 1 3 3
Mesrly.lb 3 0 0 9 «\ Spies, c. 5 0 I 4 0
Grahm.p. 3 0 0 0 6 Hall. p.. 3 0 0 0 4
Totals.. 30 2 5 27 11 Totals.. 34 5 8 27 14
ItUXS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles 1 »> 0 O ft 0 3 10 — 5
Base hits 2 1 1 0 0 0 2 1 1 — 8
Oakland 2 0 0 »> 0 0 O f» 0 — 2
Bas<s hits 2 00111000—5
SUMMARY.
Stolen basest — Hoy, Smith. Dillon. Cravath.
Errora — Hey. Baxter. Wheeler. Three
base hit — Smith. Two-base hits — Hoy,
Schwartz, Toman. Sacrifice hits — Wheelpr,
Francks. First base on errors — Oak
land 1. First base on called balls — Off Cra
ham 9. off Hall 3. Left on bases— Oakland «.
Los Angeles 13. Struck out — By Graham 2.
by Hall 2. Hit by pitcher — Mcsklman. Dou
ble play — Cravath to Toman. Time of game—
1 hour and 55 minutes. Umptre — O'Connell.
The Cripples were lucky — no one will
doubt that, but still when they could
have won without the aid of luck they
failed. The Angels played the game all
the time and it was due to their steadi
ness and their gameness that victory
rested with them. When they once got a
good start they made enough runs to
win and took no chances after that.
Graham was wild, walking nine men.
He was hit some, too. but for a time
the luck the Cripples had on their staff
leapt the southerners at a distance from
the rubber. Hall had them, buffaloed after
the opening round of the- game and hfa
support did the rest.
In the seventh round, with the score 2 tol
against them, the Angels began to get
busy. With one gone Hoy accepted a
pass to the first bag. Wheeler drove the
ball at Francks, who fielded it in a hurry
and threw to Baxter in order to cut off
Hoy. Moose dropped the ball and both
runners were safe, when a double play
would have retired the side.
Smith then tallied Hoy with a drive to
center. Dillon scored Smith and Wheeler
by forcing the ball through the infield.
This broke up the game, for after that
the Cripples could do nothing with HalL
The score: TV
For a time at Recreation Park yester
day afternoon the Cripples had the
Angels on the gallop in order to avoid
the defeat that seemed due again. When
the time came for the showdown of the
real eameness Moose Baxter was not
there. It was he who fell down as Oak
land's chances seemed brightest. Then it
was curtains. Score. 5 to 2.
(Pacific Ccast Leatue.)
W.UP'ct.l w.UFrt.
Los Angeles .70 41 .K31 Seattle 4S 6O .444
San Fran ...«7 5O .574 Portland ....4b 50 .4.SS
Sacramento .59 54 .OnlOakland 43 «^ .4iC
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
SIXTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles.
Batting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 2— Fonsoluca, 100 fH.Phllps) 2 112
6 to 5— Floyd K. 89 (Wilson) 6 4 2 7
5 to 1— Prince Blazes, 99 (Adkns) 13 3 1%
Time, 1:54 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, J. W. Pugh'« ch. g. by Fonso-Lucas
ta. Pirate 94, Zepho 95, Marcos 106, Greenock
107. Foxflyer 102. also ran.
Time, 1 :18 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, F. Cook's br. c by Bermuda-Grati
tude. Trompeuse 103, Dorlce 105, St. Parla 103,
also ran.
FIFTH RACE — Six furlongs, purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 2— Fther Tlent, 103 (H.Phlps) 1 2 12
4 to 1 — Mjor Pelhm, 106 (Wndrly) 5 12 3
5 to 2— Buccaneer, 103 (S.Bonner) 6 4 3 5
FOURTH RACE — Steeplechase, short course,
handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 1— Paulaker. 140 (O'Brien).. 3 113
3 to 2 — Moranda, 188 (Slater) 7 2 2 h
20 to 1 — Anchor. 150 (Carter) 8 0 3 3
Time, 3:43 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, Mrs. R. Bradley*s b. g. by Aloha-
Pink H. Tartar 150, John E. Owens 130, Itaca
ilara 128, also ran. Spurs 130 fell. Coronatus
144 refused.
THIRD RACE — Mile and one hundred yards,
purpe:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
4 to 1— Warte Nicht. 97 (Adkins). 3 2 1 l>i
K to 5— Gregor K, 9C fS.Bonner)..2 12 4
5 to 2— Sdny C. Love. 99 (Robins) 13 3 3
Time, 1 :M. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. P. Wtlkerson's ch. c. by Fonso-Lucasta.
Sardine 1C5 also ran.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs. Belling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
100 to 1— Wolfram, !»5 (FerrelK. ..13 8 13
JO to 1— Haydon, 109 (Wonderly). 3 1 2 n
12 to 1— Lovable. 104 (Davl.«) 1 4 3 h
Time. 1:1» 4-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner, T. Kiley & Co.'s br. g. by Wagner-
Fancy. Evelyn Byrd 97. Fake 113. Lord Mel
bourne 107. Mary McCafferty !»5, Florestan 98.
Pride of Galore 103. Mayor Johnson 10«i, Alice
Dougherty 103. Ocean Dream 102, Edith Mack
88, £<?a Lion 1C5. also ran.
FIRST RACE— Five furlongs, puree:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey.- St. % Fin.
11 to 6— Harfang. 10S iS.Bonner).. 3 113
U0 to 1— Mayr D.S.Rose, 108 (Dvis) 1 3 2 1«4
8 to 5— <"hapel. 113 (Waldo) ti 5 3 2
Time. 1:04 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. Chinn & Forsythe's b. c. by Mars-
Owlet. Kleinwood 108, George It .Harrison 100,
Bill Nolan 10S, Lord French Htf, Koyal Arms
J< S. also ran.
T. Kiley & Co.'s Wolfram, at 150 to 1
and neglected almost entirely in the bet
ting, won the second race easily by three
lengths, with Haydon second. This is the
longest price winner of the year. Sum
mary:
Gregor K. in the star event of the Har
lem card to-day, was defeated by Warte
Nicht, a 4 to 1 shot, with Sidney C. Love
third. The victory of Warte Nicht was
not unexpected, despite the heavy play
on both Gregor K and Sardine, as the
track was Just to his liking.
It Is known that ever Eince Lynch and
his stable came to the local tracks with
the opening of the season he has been
closely watched. Several suspicious deals
have been investigated, but not until the
Bondage affair did the stewards get
what they regarded as ample proof of
guilt. Lynch came from California with
a malodorous reputation, and the peculiar
running of his at once began to
arouse comment. It is said that because
of his previous notoriety the local jockey
clubs would have preferred that he go
elsewhere, but as he was in good stand
ing on the turf there was no excuse lor
warning him away.
The action taken by the Harlem officials
was due to the poor showing made by Or
pina last Monday, when, it was alleged,
she was deliberately pulled by Jockey
treanor and the race allowed to go to
Postmaster Wright.
In the July selling stakes at Hawthorne
last week. Bondage, heavily backed by
his owner, James Arthur, ran a bad last
and complaint was made that the horse
had been tampered with. An investiga
tion was started by the track officers and
it is claimed that evidence was secured
showing 1 that James Crabb, an employe
of the Arthur stable, had given Bondage
two powders and that they came from
the Lind stable, which had Orslna in the
same race.
For connection with the drugging of the
horse Bondage on July 27 the stable of C.
Llnd & Co., composed of C. Lind and D. J.
Lynch, is suspended indefinitely and James
Lynch and James Harris, the latter bein£
known as James Crabb. are ruled eft the turf.
The suspension of John Uobb, implicated in
the same case, is removed.
The decision in the Bondage case by
the Chicago Jockey Club officials was
handed down simultaneously with that of
the Harlem Jockey Club, and is as fol
lows: '
CHICAGO, Aug:. 5.— Tho racing: firm of
I>!nd & Co. of San Francisco, Jockey
Treajior, James Lynch and James Har
ris, the latter two employes of the Arthur
stable, were ruled off the turf to-day by
the stewards of Harlem Jockey Club 3nd
the Chicago Jockey Club. The official
ruling of the Harlem officials follows:
The temporary suspension of C. Lind, D. J.
Lynch and Jockey Treanor is made permanent
and they are warned off the Harlem racetrack.
The further entries of C. Lind and D. J.
Lynch and of the horses Orosius, Orfeo, Or
gandie. Muresca, Pupil. Emathion. Max Ben
dix, Orslna and nard Knot will be refused by
the Harlem Jockey Club.
7-7 (
Special Dispatch to The CtlL
SIXTH RACE— One and an elKhth miles:
sellinz:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
5 to 2— Memphlan. 102 (Austin).. » 4 1 H
12 to 1— Dr. Hart. 105 (Sheehan). 8 12 2
6 to 1— Baronet. 104 (F. Smith). 15 3 2
Time, 2:05. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. J. C. Ghlo's ch. c. by Requittal-Deephlne.
Emma Meyer S5. Pamplona 103. Irving Mayor
105, Carley's Dream 91), Exapo 87. Brown Vail
103. Terra Incognita 109, Noweta 94, Whale
back 105. also ran.
FIFTH RACE — Six furlongs; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
5 to 2 — Brancas. 105 (Sheehan)... 4 2 14
6 to 6— Imboden. 108 (Hall) 1 1 2 *i
7 to 1— Mllkirk,>iai (Bridewell).. 3 3 3 12
Time, l:20Vi. Start-good. Won easily. Win
ner. W. Gerst's ch. c. by Knight of Ellerslle-
Bracket. Scalper 100 also ran.
FOURTH RACE — Six furlongs; purs*:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. »i Fin.
3 to 5 — Fitzkanet. 100 (Sheehan). 2 2 13
3 to 1— Malster, 10C (Hlggins-). .. 4 128
40 to 1 — Acttne, 07 (Livingston).. 5 5 3 C
Tlm<\ 1:10. Start eood. Won eoailv. Win
ner. W. M. Rogers' b. h. by Fltzjam«»s-Seka
net. Nearest Ml. Crolx d'Or 103, Helen Print
104, Lady Vashtl 97, also ran.
THIRD RACE— One mile; s-lllnis:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *4 Fin.
4 to 1— Neversuch. 100 (F. Smith) 5 2 1 >i
10 to 1— Ranchman. 106 (Sheehan) 112 8
15 to 1— Blando, 07 (HIggins) 3 4 3 10
Time, 1:51. Start good. Won driving. Win
ne<\ J. K. Hughes' ch. c. by Mirthi'ul-Clymena.
Hindi 101. Olonetx 103, Cautious 105. Feronla
05, also ran. -»
SECOND RACE — Seven furlongs: selling:
Betting:. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 1 — Tenay Belle, 93 (Shea) . . . ti 2 In
12 to 1 — Fugiirthn, 105 (Gullett).. 1 1 2 13
8 to 1 — Pay the Fiddler. 107 (Bkr) a 3 3 ltf
Time, 1:36. Start good. Won drlvioc. Win
ner, J. K. Hughes' b. m. by Tenny-SIabelle.
Charles C 102, Ben Hullum 1OT, Tom Crabb
112. The Four Hundred 102. La Rouge 105.
Pope Leo 100. Cotton Plant 104, Ueorse H.
Ketcham 112. Halmls 100, Landseer 102. also
ran.
Olonetz and Scalper, two vrarm public
choices, failed to get "Inside the money."
Summary:
FIRST RACE — F1t» and a half furlongs;
purse :
Bettlngr. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
8 to 1— Potter. 110 (A.W. Booker) 5 112
10 to 1— B. Walters. 102 (F. Smith) 2 ! 2!
10 to 1— Mlllbrook. 105 (Austin).. 3 5 32
Time. 1:16. Start sood. Won easily. Win
ner, E. S. Gardner's b. c. by Masetto-Por
celaln. Port Warden 105. Woodlyn 103. Pinky
B 107. Marie Stone 102. W. P. Palmer 107,
Turrando 105. Toupee 107,. also ran.
An attempt to run the 4-year-old-old
horse Untrue in a 2-ye.ar-old rrce was dis
covered by the officials after the horse
had been, backed from 20 down to 5 to 1.
Bets were declared off and the horse
scratched.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 5.— The racing to-day
at Delmar Park was rather ordinary. The
¦weather was dismal and the track slcppy
with mud. Fitzkanet and M^mphian were
the only favorites to win, picking -win
ners being the hardest kind of a problem.
The best finish of the day occurred in the'
second race, when Tenny Belle won by a
neck from Fugurtha. ;\ ,* ' f .;.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
' Talent's Plunge on Counter
poise Proves to Be
111- Advised.
Drugging of Bondage the
Principal Charge Against
Them.
Hall Has Cripples Mystified
After th9 Opening
Round.
Judge3 Spoil Coup After
Horse Is Heavily
Backed.
Ten-io-One Shot Takes
the Day's Feature
at Saratoga..
Turf Will Know the
Two Californians
No More.
Remarkable Attempt at
Fraud Fails at
Delmar.
Gives Angels a Chance
to Bat In Three
Tallies.
SENECA STAKES
FOR CASTALIAN
FOUR-YEAR-OLD
IN A BABY RACE
LYNCH AND LINO
ARE RULED OFF
BAXTERS ERROR
TURNS THE TIDE
CORBETT'S BOXING PARTNERS
SUFFER IN PRACTICE BOUT
Challenger for the Championship /Puts in a Strenuous Forty
Minutes With Berger and Kenny— Jim Jeffries Changes His
Programme and Unexpectedly Puts Away Gloves and Takes Run
SPORTS OF THE RACETRACK, THE RING AND THE DIAMOND
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 6, 1903.
8
n _^^^ m , ADVERTISEMENTS.
/£» IL/jdC /cL llvAl/J^ SKIN ON FIRE
No disease causes so much bodily discomfort, or itches, and burns like
Eczema. Beginning often with a slight redness of the skin it gradually
spreads, followed by pustules or blisters from which a gummy, sticky fluid
oozes which dries and scales off or forms bad looking sores and scabs. It ap-
pears on different parts of the body but oftenest upon the back, arms, hands,
legs and face, and is a
veritable tormen t at £ n 1{ s 98 J experienced at time* patches on the in-
wiiauie torment at mi&9 of my hands that itched an £ b umed, earning
times, especially at . much discomfort. As time went by it
night o r whca OV er- f^ggs] r^. w ;afc't5fVitI a S!§2SS? 0^ ISS!
Heated. Ks*2t l suited several physicians and a num-
T^,T e i-*"^ WMfi &S i 5asSSi£? l ,'SSir?is I ffi
ma IS a too acid and j^^fSit slight temporary relief. In February
general unhealthy con- gJPJBgSS * decided to try S. S. S., and in less than
a;*;~~ ?*,«. ui~~a 2i\?«*»-fc&iL a month' I experienced a chansra for tho
dition Of the blood. gSkSC^r better, and by May all symptoms had
The tcrrifyinir itchins: rz&y*<%?Jl ! disappeared, and I found myself entire-
-a v :« ~~? t\\ ' y 4 ty cured, and have had no return of
and burning is pro- *" ¦* the disease since. W. P. BEUSH,
duced by the overflow _. 4 . Mai i ft S£ r Stockman's Advertising Agency,
through the glands aud Btatioa *• KaasM City ' Mo '
pores of the skin of the fiery poisons with which the blood-current is over-
S^t^ loaded. While external applications, . such as
/^^ lC^ washes, soaps, salves and powders aresoot hing and
V^^^ V^^w cooling they do not enter into the blood itself or
K*-)/ touch the real cause of the disease, but S. S. S.
does, and purifies, enriches, and strengthens the
thin acid blood and cleanses and builds up the general system, when the
skin clears off and Eczema with all itsHerrifying symptoms disappears.
Send for our free book on the Skin and its diseases. , No charge for
medical advice THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO.', A TLAHTA, GA. [
ADVERTISEMENTS.
»eoc©ff6©o3oeao©ooo©ooosoodoooooooooooocoo©o
! ARE YOU AS STRONG
I AS YOU LOOK?
> JggSS^V Or Have You Weak Nerves, Failing or
> |ip£~\/7^. Lost Vital Power, Waste of Strength,
! BBA- n N4SX a Varicocele, Poor Memory,
' TtL «**^^KnI DuI1 and stu P Id Feelln & s »
I / vS>HMs. Lost Ambition » Weak Back
* BL^L^^Z j^^& and a G eneral Breaking
* Egpspfi | \ IJ AVE you doctortd without
! fffiS!§iIkw»jsL JwL iM£3&8$S8tH *"*• benefit? Is your stomach
i lls^P^'EgiC - d l \W'!&8%!s$§tt ruined from drugs and your
1 te«!*?#* I ii' i&i^"X\\\\ \ KSfi)&& ! 3&& money wasted? Are you tired
' His fe V.*^£li§^^NVY\U MMsSSSr - oi 1 * useless remedies?
1 Dr* McLanf hlin's Ecctric Belt.
> V r~~^ • b e<1 anf * s ' ce P Peacefully under
> the influence of its warming, vitalizing pewer. You awake full of am-
> bitioh, with a healthy desire to tackle your day's work. Each day you
> gain new life from it and soon begin to feel yourself a man among
| men. Each symptom of your trouble gradually disappears, strength
takes the place of weakness, and your life is made happy by the restora-
I tion of your old health and vigor.
J Dr. McLaushlln: TOM ALES. Marin County. Ca!.
« t .,J^h r ,t^? Re c ° u!d u not imaidn* the siese of uufTerlniEr I passed throuEh from
stomach trouble and rheumatism before taking your treatment. I ha.l been aub-
> Jected to severe drug treatment, stomach pump treatment and diet treatment wlth-
( out the. least relief.. I itrew disjrusted with them all and as a last resort tried
I y° u r. BeIt . three years aco. In three days I could fling away my cane and In three
months was a new man. entirely cured and felt better than I had for years. Sev-
/^t^iSfti™.? t i^ n ?i h V e < " nc " DurcnawKl your Btlts.- I would not part with mine
I for $1000, If I could not get another. Yours truly, JOHN B. GUAY.
i Dp. M. C. McLaughlin/^A^V 1 '
| Office Hours— S a. m. to 8 p. m.; Sundays. 10 to 1.DENVER, Aug. 5.— An injunction was
Issued by Judge Dlxon to-day against the
local bricklayers' union, restraining it
from enforcing a rule that not more than
one contractor in a firm shall work upon
a job at one time. The union is restrained
from attempting to fine any or all con
tractors violating the union rule in this
respect. Paul Brown is the plaintiff,
backed by the counsel for the Citizens'
Alliance. .
Bricklayers Enjoined.
Promoter Provides One-Half of That
Sum and the Rest Will Be
Forthcoming.
LONDON. Aug. 5.— Whitaker Wright,
the promoter and director of the London
and Globe Corporation. Ltd.. was ar
raigned at the Guildhall Police Court to
day and remanded after formal evidence
of his arrest had been taken. The pris
oner was released on bail of $250,000, of
which he provided $125,000 and three sure
ties guaranteed the remaining $123,000.
QUARTER OF A MILLION
DOLLARS WRIGHT'S BAIL
Death of Well-Known Mason.
Henry Fortrlede, a well known citizen
and a prominent Mason, died yesterday in
this city. Mr. Fortriede was €6 years of
age at the time of his demise and was a
native of Hamburg. Germany. A widow
anS four children, Mrs. L- Cochius, Her
man A., Augusta and Tillie Fortriede.
eurvive. him. The funeral services will be
held this afternoon at 1:30 o'clock at the
Masonic Temple. Post and Montgomery
istrcete, under the auspices of Crockett
Ix>dge No. 133, Free and Accepted Ma
non?. The Interment will take place at
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
Stuart M. Griggs Arrested.
Stuart M. Griggs. formerly a conduc
tor for the Market Street Railway Com
pany, was arrested yesterday afternoon
by Detectives Reynolds and Freel, and
his name entered on the detinue book. It
is alleged that Griggs. who claims to have
studied dentistry at one time, has victim
ized several of the leading dental supply
houses of the city out of much property
and the detectives claim to have sufficient
evidence against him to send him across
the bay for a term of years.
General MacArthur at Alcatraz.
c Gencral MacArthur paid a visit of in
spection to Alcatraz Island yesterday, ac
companied by Captain Parker West, aid
de camp: Captain Holland, aid de camp;
Major John R. Williams, adjutant gen
oral; Major Raffcrty. attending surgeon;
Captain D. S. Stanley, quartermaster's
department, and Major Bquier. chief sig
nal oOccr. Department of California, The
commanding officer of Alcatraz. Major A.
It. Paxton. and his staff received General
MacArthur. who inspected every portion
of the island.
Mistake Poison for Candy.
Irene Murphy and Tevis Hollis, two
children aged 18 months and 3 years, re
spectively, were taken to the Emergency
Hospital by their parents yesterday af
ternoon Buffering from tho effects of sal
fine tablets. The children found the
poison and. mistaking them for candy, ate
several, of them. The surgeons at the
hospital relieved them after an hour's
work and they were taken to their homes.
They are out of danger. . / .
Creates Disturbance in Saloon.
Harry Pratt, a machinist, was arrested
last evening by Patrolman Brodt and
booked at the City Prison on charges of
battery on an officer and exhibiting a
deadly weapon. Pratt and a woman
named May Sanchez went into the gro
cery and bar conducted by B, Stelling, at
the corner of Stockton and Vallejo streets,
about 5 o'clock, and ordered a round of
drinks. Pratt refused to pay for %he re
freshments and drawing a large clasp
knife started for the proprietor. Several
bystanders interfered and took the wea
pon from him. Officer Brodt was called
and when he started to arrest the bel
ligerent Pratt refused to submit quietly,
but compelled the use of force. In the
mixup Pratt received a scalp wound,
which was treated at the Emergency
Hospital. ..^.
KING MUST STAND THIAU.— Joseph King.
-• former pugilist, han bwn held to answer by
Police Juds* O»nlan on a charge of assault to
munier in $*0O0 bond*. H« «-«*. discharged
e* a watchman tor th» Mx Companies In
• "hlnato*ra mn<i blamed Chun Oh«iny, proprie
tor of a r»etaur»nt at <V»4 Jarkson Mrwt for It.
On th# nirht of July 12 he went to the rci
t&urjiat and attacked cbua with a dab.
The Lincoln Athletic Club officials have
announced an attractive card for their
boxing exhibition to-morrow night in Me
chanics' Pavilion annex. The. main event
will be between Jimmie Little and Dan
Sullivan at 128 pounds. The other bouts
are William Stewart vs. Harry Gates, 148
pounds;. Bob Lundle vs/Jim Llnegar, 118
pounds; Joe Podesto vs. Jack Moriarlty,
130 pounds; Dick Hyland vs. H. Sheridan,
120 pounds, and Jack Hughes vs. George
Ellis. 130 pounds.
Lincoln Athletic Club Bouts.
NEW YORK. Aug. 5.— Rev. George C.
Houghton, pastor of the Church of the
Transfiguration. "The Little ' Church
Around the Corner." on East Twenty
ninth street, had an exciting experience
In a runaway cab this evening. After a
wild ride down Fifth avenue from Thirty
first street to Twenty-eighth he was res
cued uninjured by Lieutenant Fortesque
of the Fourth United States Cavalry, sta
tioned at Fort Leavenworth.'Kans., who
darted out from the sidewalk and held
to the horse until it came to a stop.
Pastor's Narrow Escape.
VANCOUVER, a. C. Aug. 5.— A spe
cial from Dawson to-day says: The new
gold strike on the upper Pelly. the news
of which is causing great excitement all
through the Yukon. i3 twenty-six miles
above Hoole Canyon. For weeks the ex
act location has been kept secret. Bob
Henderson, the man who first located
gold in the Klondike, says the dlso»*«*V
is wonderfully rich.
Exact Location, Kept Secret for
Weeks, Finally Becomes Known
on the Yukon.
STRIKE ON UPPER PELLY
CAUSES EXCITEMENT
OAKLAND, Aug. a.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Abraham A. Ze
ltnsky, aged 27 years, and Esther Schary,
19, both of San Francisco: John Collins,
43, Benicia. and Nellie Reardon, 38, Oak
land; Charles W. Cramer, 21. Nebraska,
and Ruth Ingerson. IS, Oakland; Henry
Mohr. over 21, and Lena Reler. over 18,
Oakland; Harry R. Jackson, over 21. and
Bessie K. Steinmann, over 18, both o*
Oakland; Edwin Read, over 21, and Lou
cinda Marcus, over 18, both of Bothwell.
Canada; Emli Corotto. 23, Hollister, and
Kate Masehio. 20. Oakland: Ralph Kra
mer, over, 21, Fruitvale. and Flora E.
Bauer, over 18, Oakland; Bernard A.
Etcheverry. 22, and Helen M. Hanson,
23. both of Berkeley; Howard J. Perrean,
over 21. Berkeley, and Elfle C. Kearns.
over 18. Fruitvale: Harry N. Lewis, 29,
and Catherine F. Kelly, 27. both of San
Francisco; Paul Sglav 38, and Stella
Sglav. 23, both of Oakland.
Marriage Licenses.
OYSTER BAY, Aug. 5.— In a driving
rainstorm this afternoon a brass band
composed of colored boys from the Jen
kins Orphanage at Charleston, S. C,
marched ffom the village to Sagamore
Hill, about three miles, to serenade the
President and his family. The band did
not reach the President's residence, be
ing turned back to Oyster Bay by the
secret service officer on duty.
Colored Boys of Orphanage Show De
votion Only to Be Turned
\ Back by Guard.
MARCH THROUGH RAIN
TO SERENADE PRESIDENT
CINCINNATI. Ohio, Aug:. 5.— A sensa
tional kidnaping by a mother armed with
a revolver took place in Newport, Ky.,
to-day. Mrs. Arvllle Turner, who is liv
ing separately from her husband, accom
panied by a woman, went to the home of
Mrs. Taylor in Newport, and. at the point
of a revolver, demanded admittance to
get her child. 6 years old. Mrs. Taylor,
frightened, ran upstairs. Mrs. Turner
broke open the screen door, followed up
stairs, and still brandishing: the revolver,
secured the child and rushed to the street,
escaping in a wagon.
Kentucky Mother Forces Her Way
Into House and Escapes With
Little One.
BRANDISHES REVOLVER
IN KIDNAPING CHTLD.
The doctors at the City and County
Hospital, where Sabins has been con
fined since Monday last, make a favora
ble report on his condition and it is most
likely that the uxoricide will live to stand
trial for his crime. "To guard aganist
any possibility of escape from the hos
pital, a police officer is constantly at Sa
bins' bedside.
As expected by the attending surgeons,
blood poisoning set In and caused the wo
man's death. v
Mrs. Nellie J. Sablns, the woman who
was shot on Sunday last by her husband,
William J. Sabins, a bookbinder, who
afterward attempted suicide by cutting
his own throat, died at the Central
Emergency Hospital at 1:30 last evening.
That the woman lived so long with two
bullets in her brain is deemed remark-*
able by the surgeons who attended her at
the hospital.
One of the bullets entered from the
lower part of the face and lodged in the
brain and the second one, probably fired
after the unfortunate woman had fallen,
entered at the skull. The missile in en
tering drove a hairpin through the skull
and into the brain and it was only by a
great effort that the wire pin was re
moved when Mrs. Sabins was operated
upon soon after the tragedy.
Victim of Husband's Jealous Rage
Dies After Showing Remark
able Vitality.
MRS. SABINS EXPIRES AT
THE EMERGENCY HOSPITAL
Two weeks ago Shores resigned as
treasurer and also surrendered his posi
tion as night steward at Wagner & Des
loh's bakery, on Washington street. His
books were examined and the shortage
brought to lleht. but search for Shores
was fruitless. Last Friday Conwell re
ceived a letter from the runaway, say
ing he was en route to Alaska and would
reimburse the union.
Shores came into police observation dur
ing April last year, when Mrs. Jane Mor
gan, a lodging-house keeper, caused his
arrest on a charge of battery. But Shores
retaliated by having the woman arrested.
It developed that Mrs. Morgan, many
years Shores' senior, was infatuated with
the steward and pursued him with so
much vlcor that his days were rendered
unbearable. : >
Charles W. Shores, former treasurer of
the Cooks' and Waiters' Alliance, is a
fugitive embezzler of the funds of that
organization, according to the complaint
sworn to this morning in the. Police Court
by Perry Conwell, business agent for the
mulcted union.
TJie shortage charged against the miss
ing ex-treasurer's account is $116.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
• 1118 Broadway, Aug. 5.
Divorces were granted to Thomas H
Jlaustein from Lew V. Haustein for infi
delity. Lulu Pauley from C. A. Pauley for
neglect, Irma I. Aurrecoechea from Louis
O.- Aurrecoechea for desertion. Charles
EX. Smith from Carrie B. Smith for deser
tion, Mamie L. Davidson from Alonzo Da
vidson for neglect. Martin Nelson from
Anna Nelson for desertion and Flora C.
Davis from Edwin C. Davis for neglect.
Minnie McMillan, who is being sued lor
divorce on the ground &f infidelity by
Donald McMillan, in an answer filed yes
terday denies that she Is an unfaithful
wife and in a cross-complaint charges her
husband with treating her with extreme
cruelty.
Suits for divorce were Hied by Rebecca
Eidderman against Jose Bidderman for
neglect. Mary Agnes Cubitt against Al
bert Ernest Cubitt for desertion David
F. Pearson against Olie K. Pearson for
deseriion and Grace E. Longan against
Edward Longan for desertion.
Josephine Hule. pretty and well dressed,
appeared in Judge Troutt's court yester
day, told the court how she had been de
serted by her husband. Alfred Hule, Hs
*'-ned to the testimony of two lady
friends that- corroborated her story, and
then fainted. She revived as the Judge
announced that her prayer for divorce
was granted.
PLENTY OF GRIST
FOR DIVORCE MILL
WASHINGTON, Aug. 5.— Advices from
Bogota are to the effect that the oppo
nents of the canal treaty, fearing to al
low the treaty to come to a definite vote
and not wishing to assume direct respon
sibility for its rejection, have decided to
filibuster until it is too late for ratifica
tions to be exchanged, which must be
made \ in September. The officials here
confidently expect a request from Presi
dent Marroquin to have the time limit for
the exchange extended.
Advices From Bogota Reveal Latest
Plan of Colombian Enemies
of the Treaty.
OPPONENTS OF CANAL
INTEND TO FILIBUSTER
GILROY, Aug. 5.— Mrs. Elizabeth Staple
Brock, aged 91 years, died, last evening
at her home in this city. She was the
oldest white woman in the township and
up to a few months ago was in good
health. She leaves a large family of chil
dren, grandchildren and great-grandchil
dren. Mrs. Brock was one of the early
pioneer women of the State, having
crossed the plains with her husband, the
late E. E. Brock, in 1848.
Death of Oldest Woman in Gilroy,
An Associated Press dispatch from
Shanghai, dated July 27. reported this in
undation and enormous loss of life and
property in the native city, with some
damage in the foreign quarter.
I will not naturalize any one who comes be
fore me and la unable to speak the English
language sufficiently to make himself under
stood. 1 will compel applicants to answer
questions regarding their age, place of nativ
ity, when they arrived in the United States
and any other questions which I deem essen
tial to good citizenship, and if they fall t->
make satisfactory answers I will refuse to
grant them the necessary ' papers. When a
man bas been In this country flva years and
is unable to talk our language. In my opin
ion ire is not fit to be admitted to citizenship,
and I will act accordingly.
ALBANY. N. Y.. Aug. 5.— Judge Clifford
G. Gregory, in the County Court to-day,
in rejecting an application for naturaliza
tion, established a precedent by making
the following declaration:
Judge Establishes Precedent in Re
jecting an Application for
Citizenship.
MUST SPEAK ENGLISH
TO BE NATURALIZED
Nothing eeemed to aid the child in her
remarkable effort and a few days ago an
X-ray was applied with a view to ope
rating in order to remove the obstruction.
The elephant was plainly visible and an
exposure made of a plate showed clearly
the position of the toy in the throat.
Yesterday the child was taken to the
surgeon's office for the purpose of beinjr
operated on, but she had begun to eat
ravenously and upon investigation it was
discovered that the elephant had con
tinued its Journey. The necessity for an
operation at that time was obviated and
it is hoped that further inconvenience is
at an end.
The etrange tale is vouched for by Dr.
L. F. Herrick, while an X-ray photo
graph taken of the throat, with the ele
hant inside, bears mute testimony that
what the doctor eays is true. Three
weeks ago little Hazel was playing with
a child's Noah's ark and While she
emptied the numerous stalls of their oc
cupants a Email lead elephant was placed
by her in her mouth. An awkward move
ment and it had slipped past her control
and lodged far down out of reach. The
parents hoped against hope that as it had
started it would continue. But Hazel was
unable to swallow and after a week of
discomfort Dr. Herrick was called.
Yesterday, however, the elephant con
tinued on its way. Unlike the boa. the
child is not waiting for her extravagant
meal to digest, but is eating ravenously
and the doctor hopes it is all for the best.
The Scriptures intimate that it is dif
ficult for a camel to pass through the
eye of a needle, yet little 7-year-old Hazel
Clark, daughter of H. J. Clark, Sixty
third street and San Pablo avenue. Golden
Gate, has swallowed an elephant. She
had considerable difficulty in performing
the feat and for three weeks the passage
of the aesophagus was blocked to solid
food.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Aug. 5.
The Southern Pacific officials were not
ready after the conference to say what
they would do in the premises. Manager
Kruttschnitt said he desired further time
to ascertain what revenue the Southern
Pacific obtained from the travel between
stations within the city before he could
say what the company would do in the
matter of a 2-cent fare.
It is Bald that the demands of the ex
ecutive committee were considered some
what stiff by the railroad people and took
them by surprise, as they did not expect
that Alameda would ask so much.
It was arranged that the representatives
of Alameda and the Southern Pacific
would meet "again next Friday afternoon
at the same place, when it is expected
that Manager Kruttschnitt will be ready
to announce definitely what his corpora
tion will do.
It was also decided that the executive
committee would give Herman Eppinger
Jr. and Robert B. Mott, who filed an ap
plication Monday night for the south side
track, »¦ hearing to-morrow night in the
City Hall. Eppinger, Mott and ex-Con
gressman James G. Maguire. who repre
sents them, will be afforded an opportu
nity to inform the committee who are
back of their project and how it is to be
financed. Although the majority of the
committe of fifty take littte or no stock
in the Eppinger-Mott proposal, it believes
it only fair that the promoters of the new
local train and ferry service be given a
chance to show their hand and what they
ar« prepared to do. -
All of the important stipulations which
Alamedans believe should be entered in
the terms of the franchises, such as the
length of the life of the franchises, the
payment into the city treasury by the
Southern Pacific of a certain sum for the
privilege of using the avenues and streets
of Alameda, the betterment of the local
service, the establishment of a 2-cent fare
within the limits of the city and other de
mands of lesser Importance, were taken
up and discussed thoroughly by the repre
sentatives of the city and the railroad
company.
ALAMEDA. Aug. 5.— All of the members
of the executive committee of the com
mittee of fifty, with President Joseph
Forderer of the City Trustees, went to
San Francisco to-day and in the after
noon held a conference with representa
tives of the Southern Pacific relative to
the two local franchises sought by that
corporation, what the people of Alameda
v.-ant in exchange for the privileges and
the concessions that the company is pre
pared to grant. The meeting was held in
the Crocker building, in the office of Ma
jor Charles L. Tilden, chairman of tha
committee of fifty and ex-officio member
of the executive committee. Besides Til
den there were present on behalf of Ala
meda, Frank Otis, chairman of the execu
tive committee; Charles S. Neal, T. O.
Daniells. Joseph Knowland, S. M. Haslett
and C. R. Smith. Representing the South
ern Pacific were Manager Julius Kfutt
schnitt. Passenger Agent E. O. McCor
mlck and Attorney Frank Shea.
GRASS VALLEY, Aug. 5.— Despite every
effort to prevent it, blackleg continues to
spread in this county in the vicinity of
Chicago Park. Within the week it is said
over sixty head of cattle died from the
disease. Vaccination goes on with all ra
pidity, and cattlemen are busy collect
ing and burning carcasses. The disease
is no longer confined to calves, but is at
tacking full-grown animals. To-day three
valuable cows belonging to William
George died from blackleg. Cattlemen
are much alarmed, ' fearing the disease
may wipe out a large portion of the
herds.
Blackleg Is Spreading.
BERLIN, Aug. 5.— A dispatch received
here says that 700 persons were drowned
in the disastrous floods which occurred
at Chefu, China. July 27. The bridges with
in the city and many houses with their
occupants were swept away in the tor
rent. Two thousand of the inhabitants
are left without means of subsistence.
Chefu Catastrophe Leaves 2000 of
the Inhabitants Without Means
of Subsistence.
DISASTROUS FLOODS
CLAIM 700 VICTIMS
Trouble Is Caused by
Leaden Denizen of
Noah's Ark.
Officials Not Ready to
Answer Alameda's
Demands.
RUNS AWAY WITH
UNION'S MONEY
Isabella is believed to be a waif run
wild. Her mother stated she had neve
punished the child because it did no good.
Afraid neither of the dark nor the police,
she roamed at will. It is said she swears
because she has heard others do it; that
she was expelled from school because she
had never been taught obedience at home.
Isabella Maguire, the girl who has de
veloped abnormal tendencies toward
wrong doing, was committed to-day by
Judge Ellsworth to the California Train
ing Home for Girls. Her little fingers
dipped Into her mother's purse without
the latter's knowledge and she was wont
to run away from her home until the
mother, worn out with anxiety caused by
her incorrigible offspring, applied to the
courts for u id. She, was given^the choice
between the State reformatory at Whlt
tler or the home in Alameda, and choss
the latter, as it would be nearer to her
mother in Emeryville.
¦ Miss Anita Whitney, the probation of
ficer under whose care the child now is,
believes ehe can * be reformed. It U
thought the restraining influences of a
home, where opportunities to do wrong
are removed as far as possible from those
within and the special attention she will
be given, will correct her degenerate ten
dencies.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1115 Broadway, Aug. 5.
TUCSON, Ariz.. Aug. 5.— Dr. Kendrick
C. Babcock, professor of American his
toVy In the University of California, was
unanimously chosen president of the Uni
versity of Arizona by the board of re
gents in session here to-night.
Dr. Otis W. Caldwell, profecsor of tot
any in the University of Chicago, was a
prominent candidate and the choice lay
between him and Dr. Babcock, but the
latter was finally elected after a session
which lasted all day and until 10 o'clock
to-night. Governor Brodle was present
and took a prominent part in the meeting.
The selection of Dr. Babcock meets with
general satisfaction here and the unani
mous public sentiment favored him.
Long Session of University
of Arizona Regents.
California Educator Is Elected Aftef
PROFESSOR BABCOCX
CHOSEN AS PRESIDENT
The first resolution condemned feud
riots and mob law as unworthy* of civ
ilized people. Lynching is regarded as
murder and the burning and torturing of
persons, even when clearly guilty, as bar
barous and a menace to the peace and
security of all good citizens. All Catho
lics were enjoined to exert an influence
and spread in the community sound opin
ions against such savagery.
The federation also protested against
the action of the French Government in
attempting to legalize religious prosecu
tions and ask Catholics to endeavor
to wrest the Government from those who
have misused the powers entrusted to
them. The Catholic Truth societies were
commended and members of the federa
tion were urged to. join such societies.
Among the officers selected are: Presi
dent. Thomas B. Mlnahan, Columbus.
Ohio; first vice president, J. B. Jenkers,
Newark, N. J.; second vice president, F.
J. Kierce, San Francisco.
ATLANTIC CITY. N. J.. Aug. 5.—Sev
eral important resolutions were adopted
by the American Federation of Catholic
Societies at the closing session to-day,
after which officers were elected. The
next meeting will be held in St. Louis.
Declares Mob Law to Be .Barbarous
and a Menace to Country's
Peace.
CATHOLIC FEDERATION
CONDEMNS LYNCHTNGS
LONDON. Aug. 5.— Andrew Carnegie
has made known his intention to donate
12,500.000 In United States Steel Corpora
tion bonds to Dunfermline, Scotland, his
birthplace. He Btipulates that the gift
shall be employed In maintaining and
keeping up the estate at Pittenkrief. which
contains the tower in which Malcolm
Cameron married Princess Margaret and
which Carnegie recently purchased, as a
pleasure ground.
The gift is also to be used for the main
tenance of a theater, the encouragement
of horticulture among the working classes
and the. advancement of technical edu
cation in the. district, which is the center
of the linen industry.
The administrators of the gift are
charged with the ; advancement of the
moral and material interests of the town.
Stipulates That Castle in Which
Cameron Married Princess Mar
garet Be Preserved.
CARNEGIE GIVES MILLIONS
TO TOWN OF HIS . BIRTH
RAILROAD ASKS
FOR MORE TIME
Phil May was a famous pen and ink de
lineator of London's rag and tatterdom.
He was bom In Leeds in 1«64. When 12
years old he was obliged to leave school
and shift for himself. He was hired by
the father of one of his friends, who was
a local scene painter. By sketching cos
tumes and designing comic masks he
gradually gained a small reputation as an
artist around the theaters. A manager
finally engaged him to play small parts,
but with the provision that he do six
large sketches a week of the chorus In
plays, the sketches to be used as show
bills in shop windows of the towns the
company played in. When he was 18 he
was employed to design the dresses for
the Leeds pantomime.
The turn in his fortune came when he
made the acquaintance of the photog
grapher who took his drawings of Irving,
Bancroft and Tolle and published them.
After this he managed to have a few
drawings accepted by periodicals. One
of these, a drawing of Mr. Bancroft, pub
lished in Society, secured him a perma
nent place on Stephens' Review.
Shortly afterward he went to Australia
and for three years was employed in Syd
ney on the Bulletin. While there he suc
ceeded in catching and setting into the
style of pen and ink work that made him
famous. When he returned to England
he was the recognized master of that
style of illustration and he was almost
immediately admitted to the Olympus of
English illustrators, the round table of
Punch, taking the place of Du Maurier.
It was about this time that Whistler said
of him: •
"Black and white art is summed up in
two words— Phil May."
Captain Wringe was for a few moments
in serious danger, being grappled by sev
eral men who could not swim and who
held fast to him until all were rescued
by a boat. Captain Bevis reached shore
after rescuing a man who was unable to
keep afloat. Both captains returned to
their yachts after being provided with dry
clothing by guests of a nearby hotel.
A great crowd had been attracted to a
nearby • wharf, where Captains Wringe
and Bevis landed after procuring tackle
for the purpose of hauling the steam
launch out of water. One end of the
tackle was fastened to the stern of the
Buttercup and the other was secured to
one of the piles of the wharf. While they
were thus engaged the wharf collapsed
and all on it were thrown into the water.
For a time it was feared that many had
been crushed under the timbers, but with
the exception of a few who were slightly
cut and bruised all succeeded in getting to
shore unhurt.
Captain Wringe and Captain Bevis,
with three sailors, left the Shamrock In
Sandy Hook bay in the afternoon In the
steam launch Buttercup and started up
the Shrewsbury River for the Highlands
of Navesink. On the way the Buttercup
struck a sandbar and it became apparent
that unless she was immediately beached
she would founder. Captain Wringe took
the wheel and headed her for the beach.
The water had risen almost to the furnace
door when the bow of the Buttercup took
b"bttom.
NEW YORK. Aug. 5.— Captain Robert
Wringe of the Shamrock HI and Captain
Bevis of Shamrock I had a narrow es
cape to-night through the collapse of a
pier tin the Shrewsbury River at the
Highlands. With twenty other persons,
including several members of the crew
of the challenger, the two sailing mas
ters were precipitated into the water, but
were not hurt.
This land had already been withdrawn
from all save homestead entry under the
irrigation act, but is now entirely with
held. It is the first tract in Southern
California to be thus reserved exclusively
to the Government, which fact carries the
Impression that it has been recommended
by the experts' who have recently been
over the ground as a site suitable for res
ervoir purposes.
The brief telegram conveying the im
portant news reads as follows:
On account of rroj?eted irrigation -work, sus
pend from aH forms of disposal land in town
fhlps l't south, ranges 22, 23 and 24 east: It
Fouth. ranges 2."l and 21 east; 15 eouth, range
24 east, S. B. M.
The selection of a reservoir site in con
nection with the recent irrigation experi
ments along the river has been pending
for some time. J. B. Lippincott, Gov
ernment hydrographer here, returned not
long ago from an inspection of that dis
trict, the recommendation of reservoir
sites being one of the missions of his
trip, it is understood.
Lippincott said to-night that he is not
at liberty to make any statement con
cerning the national irrigation work that
has been undertaken in this district, but
volunteered the information that the Gov
ernment has prepared plans for work in
this region on a much larger scale than
the local offices of the geographical sur
vey had expected.
Special Dispatch to The / Call
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 5.-lnformat(on
which appears to signify that the Gov
ernment has selected a large tract of land
in the southeastern part of San Diego
County for a reservoir site in connection
with the work proposed along the Colo
rado River under the provisions of tne
national irrigation bill, lias reached lh*
United States Land Office here. The local
authorities have received a telegram from
the General Land Office In Washington
ordering the withdrawal from all forms
of disposal upward of 12,000 acres of Gov
ernment land lying in the bend of the*
Colorado River, on the California side,
just north of the Yuma Indian reserva
tion.
WILL BE KEPT
FROM MISCHIEF
It is reported that Kev. Mr. Pianette came
very nearly dying this week from the effects
of brutal treatment at the hands of an at
tendant, being- kicked, it Is reported, in such a
vicious , manner that It was really feared his
Injuries would pro% - e fatal, and he is now very
low from the effects of this abuse.
Other patients who are wholly insane, if as
sured Immunity from the abuse sure to follow
their testimony, can tell stories of man's in
humanity to man that will raise such a storm of
Indignation it will astound the State.
For the past three weeks a local paper
has been making perlous charges con
cerning the management of the hospital.
The articles containing these allegations
have contained much "inside" inturmation
and Dr. Campbell has Instituted an in
vestigation among his subordinates in
order to discover where certain informa
tion originated. Yesterday morning the
local paper contained a special from Pat
ton telling of the ."violent and cruel"
treatment administered to Rev. Mr. Pian
ette,'recently committed from Los Ange
les. 'This brought matters to a climax
at the asylum and the, ' superintendent,
having already suspected Steward Whit
aker of being the author of the printed
statements, called him to account.
; At' the meeting of the board of man
agers Whitaker's case will be investi
gated, as will the charges which have
been made against the management. The
story published here this morning which
brought about the disruption at the hos
pital read in part:
SAN BERNARDINO, Aug. 5.-There
was a war of words on at the Southern
California State Hospital at Highland
this afternoon between C. N. Whitaker,
steward at the asylum, and the medical
superintendent, Dr. M. B. Campbell. As
a result Whitaker has been suspended.
His case will come up before the board
of managers at a special meeting called
for next Friday.
Special Dispatch to The Call
This Government has had no informa
tion from Peking or Shanghai regarding
the men held at Shanghai and wanted by
the Chinese (Jdvernment. ft is expected
that these men will be -disposed of by
the Foreign Association of Shanghai. The
United States Government will not take
any steps in the matter unless some com
munication is made on the pubiect by
flie Chinese Government* or a reauest for
advice is received from the Consul Gen
eral at Shanghai, who Is one of the mem
bers of the Foreign Association of that
city.
•PEKING. Aug. 5.— Six scholars, whose
essays at recent examinations proposing
reforms in the administration of v China
were denounced by the censors, have fled
from Peking through fear of arrest and
execution. It is supposed that they have
gone to Japan.
Marshal Su, who was summoned to the
capital to explain his failure to crush the
revolution in Southern China, has had an
audience with the Dowager Empress,
which is reported to have been unsatis
factory to him. It is reported in official
circles that Su 'will be included in the
autumn list of those condemned to be
executed.
LONDON, Aug. 5.-In the House of
Commons to-day, Premier Balfour, in re
ply to Henry Norman, announced that
instructions had been sent to the British
Minister at Peklns not to agree to the
Chinese Government's demand for the
surrender at Shanghai of the editor and
staff of the Chinese reform organ Supao.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 5.— The State De
partment to-day received a cable dispatch
from the Bow Wong Society 5 ' of Hono
lulu, asking that the. United States Gov
ernment, interest itself in the "reform"
editors who am under arrest in Shanghai.
Nothing is known of the Bow Wong So
ciety, but it is believed to he a revolu
tionary organization of Chinese origin.
May died of phthisis after a year of poor
health. The end probably was hastened
by his bohemian life, hard work and fond
ness for late hours. The papers this after
noon expressed the greatest sympathy
and regret at the short career of a man
who was regarded as among the greatest
black-and-white artists since the days of
John Leech.
LONDON. Aug. 6.— Phil May. the artist
and illustrator of Punch, the Graphic and
other periodicals, died at his residence on
Camden Hill this afternoon after a pro
tracted illness. At the regular weekly
dinner of the staff of Punch to-night the
artist's death was announced.
Jttnes E. Brio, Alexander J. Erte'.ita, Wil
iiara. A. Breslin. Henry Healey, John J. Kll
leen. J. Coerrove, Joseph Kcwan, George Ma
t-uire, Thomas J. Clancy. George McElroy,
Daniel O f I>ary. Edward Welch. John J.
O'Brien. William Koblnson. John Mortarity.
"ieorge *Brid«ewood. Andrew Cunningham,
Thonr.as J. S^ars and Jamen Hagerty.
The Unite'd Republican League Club of
t?T<? Twenty-ninth Assembly District will
hold a rally this evening at club head
quarters, S70 Folsom street.
To-morrow evening the Thirty-eighth
District United Republican League Club
will hold a ratification meeting at Mascot
'Hall, corner Golden Gate avenue and
Buchanan street.
The Forty-eecond District United Re
publican L«agne Club will give a sm'.-lcer
next Friday evening at Saratoga Hall, on
Goary «tr*et near Larkin.
The Thirty-fourth District United Re
publican League Club will hold a ratifica
tion meeting at Duveneck's Hall next
Saturday evening.
DEMOCRATS NAME DELEGATES.
The Thirty-first Assembly District
Democratic League Club proposes the fol
lowing list of delegates:
• John Daley. John Depi>e. James Devlne,
Michael Donohue, John Carr. John Fay, Ed
>#xd Larkln. William Henry. Michael Bres
loa, Jan.es • I-ucy. Peter Shechen. Robert Mar
tin, Joserft Gilgun, John F. McCarthy. Ed
ward L'.tsms, Berr.ard Juchter, H. F. Schlichl
ir.i?. Jairies Kare. John B. Carmody, John
Mcrfet", Vittorlo Bottini. William Schafer and
Patrick liradthaw.
The Hickory Club Democrat* of the
Twenty-eighth Assembly District propose
the following delegates:
m In the Thirty-second Assembly District
tke 'excellent ticket of United Republican
league delegates, headeu by John B.
Kider, 2533 Folsom street, is confronted
¦¦'1th -opposition.
":FeRi J. Ducan heads the !rreg"ular or
epposftion ticket and it is common politi
cal gossip in - the district that a majority
•of the proposed delegates thereon report
to Crlrnmir.* for orders. The United Re
publican League ticket represents the
pood citizenship cf the district and ought
jto be ejected ficm top to bottom. The
'cxmp'aigrn literature sets forth the resi
dence and occupation of every candidate
en tjie ticket of the United Republican
league.
John J. Cassidy. Bdmond T. Mcilurray
end half a dozen other intrepid cpirljs
i?;afie a gallant effort last night at Rich
mond Hall to prevent the Roosevelt and
Independent Republican club* of the
Thirty-ninth District from being absorbed
by the United Republican League Club.
Their efforts were unavailing, however.
frA the meeting, composed of the two
f'Tmer clubs, voted overwhelmingly for
..malgamation. R. H. Countryman acted
B«r chairman of the joint meeting and
T*rank W. Aitken as secretary, but the
latter positively declined to continue in
his position under the new organization.
There was considerable asperity displayed
rfurirjg the discussion, and the minority
made no concealment of their Intention
•. f fighting the ticket of the United Re
publican league-Club in the district at
3 he election, next Tuesday.
STREET REPAIR DEMANDED.
. : The committee of the United Repub
•iifjan League Club of the Twenty-eighth
Assembly District, appointed at the last
meeting to draft resolutions relativ* to
the shameful condition of Third street,
'has the following:
neeolved. That th« Board cf Supervisor* and
•he Hoard of Public Works are hereby re
t;-:»fr.p<l to gram no further extension of time
far the repairing of Third street; that the dls
prftcefi:l condition of this principal thorough
rare should be done away with Immediately
e.rvY the street restored to a i-i^aK* condition.
ResDlved. That only official Incompetence or
worse can account fcr the deplorable state of
tbis street, and that the commissioners of the
}V;ard cf Public Works should be called to ac
moat at once for their neglijrence and misman
agement In the matter of this street. Further
"Resolved. That a copy of these resolutions
'1*. forwarded to the Board of Public Work*
tnd to "the press.
F. X. HOPPER. President.
, J. F. Rt'XGE, Secretary.
CHILD SWALLOWS
A TOY ELEPHANT
Some of the mob thought hanging too
good for Hamilton and wanted to tor
ture him. but the original programme
prevailed and it was decided to hang him.
Some one produced a black mask like
that used in a legal hanging and it was
put over the head of Hamilton. It reach
ed down to ,his shoulders. The rope was
then produced, placed about his neck and
then thrown over the guy wire, being long
enough to reach within grasping distance
of the lynchers. It was seized by power
ful men, the body was lifted off the
ground and suspended at a heieht of
about four feet. The doomed wretch be
gan to ga6p for breath. After Hamilton
had been held by the lynchers for a time,
long enough to make certain he was dead,
the rope was tied to the telegraph pole
and the body left suspended. The crowds
when they were satisfied the wretch had
breathed his last quietly melted away
and sought their beds, and the streets
were Eoon deserted.
Meanwhile another company of masked
men. about eighty in number, had
ifarched up the street and taken positions
about the entrance to the jail. All were
masked and all were orderly. With these
men none attempted to interfere.
About twenty masked men. their faces
concealed with handkerchiefs, marched in
an orderly manner up the street toward
the Jail. When they got within sight
the guards thrown about the structure
called upon them to halt. The answer of
the masked men was to throw the guards
to the ground. The keys were taken
from the guards, the jail yard entered
and finally entrance was efjected into the
Jail proper.
When the cell containing the guilty man
was reached no key could he found to fit
It. It was necessary to saw and hack at
the bars until the door could be opened.
What transpired during the operation,
what Hamilton. said, probably will not be
known until some of the lynchers make
public the details, hut Hamilton after
about fifteen minutes' delay was dragged
out of the cell and down Into the yard.
ASOTIN, Wash.. Aug. 5.— The excite
ment consequent upon the lynching of
William Hamilton. Player of little Mabel
Richards, has abated. The feeling that
Hamilton should be hanged was practi
cally unanimous and there were those
who thought he should be tortured. It
was finally agreed that vengeance would
be satisfied by hanging him.
Washington Government Not
Concerning Itself With
Situation.
Charges Against Management
Will Be Investigated
by Board.
Colorado River Bend Near
Indian Reservation
Is Chosen.
Shamrock Ill's Captain Has
Narrow Escape From * * •
Drowning.
Hard Work and Fondness
'for Late Hours Hasten
Decline.
United Republican League
• Gains Prestige by
the Fusion.
Mob Quietly. Disperses After
Pulling Murderer to
Death.
Wringe and Bevis Are
Thrown Into the
Water.
Will Not Surrender
Reformers to the
Executioner.
Noted Artist Succumbs
After a Long
Illness.
Government Orders the
Withdrawal of Tract
of Land.
Little Excitement At
tends the Hanging
of Hamilton,
Consolidation of Clubs
in Thirty-Ninth
District.
Steward at Highland Is
Suspended by Super
intendent. .
BRITAIN CHECKS
CHINESE CRUELTY
ARTIST PHIL MAY
DIES IN LONDON
EXPERT SELECTS
RESERVOIR SITE
WAR OF WORDS
AT A HOSPITAL
LTMCHERS ACT
IN COOL MANNER
VOTERS DISCUSS
LOCAL ISSUES
PIER COLLAPSES
WITH SKIPPERS
. 9 :
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 6, 1903.
MARCO HELD TO AXSWER.— Charlen
Marco was hrld.to nnswer before* the Superior
Court by Police Judge OabaoUs yesterday on
a charge of grand larceny In $5000 bonds. He
Is accused of having stolen ' from Mrs. Julia,
Klein on May 13. lftOS." $6815 In coin, a gold
watch anil chain and a ruby and pearl ring
vt the value of $200.
SEATTLE. Wash.. Aug. 5.— The body of
an unknown man. with the head nearly
severed from the trunk, was found in
the Duwamish River to-night. Th*
pockets of the trousers were turned wrong
side out and a deep gash on the bead indi
cates murder and robbery. The body had
been in the water about two weeks. Xoth*
Ing was found to lead to identification. .
Murdered Man Is Found in River.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 6.— Colonel Henry
Lippencott of the medical department,
who was among those designated to be,
appointed a brigadier general and placed
on the retired list, will riot be promoted.
Under the direction of the President those
officers to be promoted must have a Civil
War service of one year," and.lt was de
cided that Colonel , : , Lippencott did" not
come within that provision. "
No Promotion for Colonel Lippencott.
Fugitive Treasurer Is Arrested.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 6.— Sheriff Langford re
ceived word from Truckee this evening
of the arrest here of J. J. Collins, for
whom he holds a warrant charging felony
embezzlement. Collins is accused of ap
propriating $175 belonging to the Team
sters' Union, of which he was treasurer.
He disappeared from here in May.
VALLEJO, Aug. 5.— During a fight, in
the tenderloin to-night A. Borgwardt. a
bluejacket, shot Joseph Chaldron, a fire
man on the U. S. S. Boston, in the right
breast. The police arrested Borgwardt,
and the wounded man was attended by
the City Physician, who extracted the bul
let, A which had passed through the right
breast to the right shoulder blade. The
injured man refuses to prosecute Borg
wardt.
Bluejacket Shoots Fireman.
9
NEXT SUNDAY'S
ART SUPPLEMENT,
"THE RUSSIAN WEDDING,"
Effectively framed either in
Flemish brown, ebony or gilt
: f i amt, about • three r or four
* inches; framed closely.ILL FATED BARK MAUNA
ALA. WRECKED ON TOPOEiD
BAMPO BAR.
THURSDAY. AUGUST 6, 1003
If You Need a Trunk,
Dress" suit case, grip or telescope basket
*ve can please you In both quality and
price. Leather goods department, Ean
bcrn. Vail & Co., 741 Market street •
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and- Geodetic Survey—
WINCHESTER, Tenn.. Aug. 5.— Simon
Booker and wife, who lived 'in a small
cabin on the mountains in Franklin Coun
ty^ were murdered last night arid, their
home, burned. The tragedy. Is attributed
to the raiding of a "wildcat" distillery
near their home. Booker, and hfs wife
were accused by the "wildcatters" of hav
ing betrayed them to the revenue " of
ficers. . .. ¦ HSS
Mountaineer and Wife Murdered.
r^ewin met them at Third and Townsend
streets with Eevera.1 assistants when the
freight train arrived, and when the car
«oor was opened the right tramps were
placed under arrest and booked at the
Oity Prison on charges of vagrancy and
disturbing the peace. A thorough search
of th- car was made, but no weaponF
could be -found. The prisoners appeared
before Police Judge Conlan, but the cases
*rere continued till to-<iay to enable the
witnesses to come from San Jose.
At San Jore * yesterday morning «?ight
(ramps took possession of a freight car
of an extra train bound for San Francis- j
eq. ' When the train hands tried to eject
them they presented revolvers and threat
oned to ehoot. They were locked in the
"rar and a dispatch was w*nt to Detective
Peter L#Tiin of the company's bureau to
look out for them. j
TRAMPS PULL HEVOLVEES
ON FREIGHT TRAIN CREW
They Are Locked in a Car and Ar
rested on Beaching This
City.
TO sail.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
Alien** «(.
Samoa Lcs Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier "
Chico Coqullle Ulvcr 6 pm Pier 2
C. Nelson... Grays Harbor C pm Pier 2
Reoomlo I^os Angeles Ports. 1 pm Pier 2
Chrhalis Grays Harbor... .1 pm Pier '2
Uenderah... Hamburg & Way?: -2 pm Pier 2'{
Arctic Humboldt 12 m Pier 10
Alaskan K. Y. via Pugtt S'd| pier lo
Arcata..... Coos B.& Pt.OrforUI 4 pm Pier 13
State of Cal. San Diego & Way. I « am Pier la
Ventura ... Sydney & Way.... 2 pm Pier 7
G. W . Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
-*«sriist 7.
laqua. Humboldt 1 pm pj er o
G. Dollar... Portland Direct 4 pm Pier '2
Coronado... Grays Harbor .. 4 pm Pier 10
Eureka | Humboldt 0 am Pier 13
AnctiNt 8.
Pomona Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier 9
ArRO Kel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
Curacao Mexican Ports. ..:. 10 am Pier 18
Argo Eel River Ports j 4 pm Pier 2
S1 , berla ----- China & Japan. ...| 1 pm Pier 40
City of Para n, Y. via Panama. |12 m Pier 40
AiiK'iiKt 9.
Phoenix.... Meneino City. direct 1 pm Pier 13
Centralla... Grays Harbor 4 pm Plfr 10
S. Rosa San Diego & Way. . 0 am Pier 13
Ramon*. • . . Ban Pedro tk Way. 0 am Pier 19
Rainier..... Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
Umatilla.... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 0
A UK lint 1O. I
S. Monica... ix>s Angees Ports.. 12 m Pier "
Pt. 1 Arena.. Point Arena.. 4 pm Pier 2
North Fork. Humboldt ..... 5 pm Pier a
Antiiint 11.
Corona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
. _ Anarust 12.
S. Barbara. Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
Rival Willapa Harbor 4 pm Pier '2
J. Dollar.... Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier a
• , Anisnst IS.
Coos Bay. .. Newport & Way.. 9 pmlPler 19
Olympic... Whatcom & Fairhn 4 pm|Pier 2
Anftnst 14.
Queen Pupet Sound Ports 11 am Pier u
AnKiint IS.
San Jose... N Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Marlposa... TahUi direct ...... 11 am Pier 7
Alameda... Honolulu ......... 11 am Pier 7
St. Paul Nome & St Michael .... .. .;..-.i
Marlposa... Tahiti direct :.;... .Ill am Pier 7:
Alameda.... Honolulu ... '. ..Ill am Pier 7
St. Paul.... Nome & St. Mlchaelt......| I
The steamer City of Puebla. which wiled on
Tuesday for Victoria, carried an assorted mer
chandise cargo consigned -to various British
Columbian ports valued at $20,5*8 and Includ
ing the following: ».'.;.*
2*33 pkys fresh fruits. 02 pkgs fresh vege
table*. 6250 lbs dried. fruit, 200 pkgs potatoes,
140 pkgs onion*. 400 lh*. nuts. 6S20 lbs salt,
1CS lb« ham. 200 lb« hops. 425 cb canned
good*. 6180 lbs mUJstufTs. 352 lbs dried fish.
4 pkgs provisions. 73 pkgs ' pickled Bsh, £70
bxs pa*te. </*> lbs chocolate, 37 cs 1 bale spice*,
10 kegs olives. 45 cs Falad oil. 1070 pigs lead,
ir.»*> lbs Fheet l*ad. 11. VJ lb» lead pipe, 100 tins
matches. 13 pkgs sewing •machines, 5 cs tusc.
I bale leather. 1U01 lbs copper, 3 cs dry goods,
(a cs arm* and ammunition, 93 pk*s machin
ery. W* boiler tubes. 23 cyls gas, 100 rolls pa
per, 10 drums glycerine. 4 sheets steel. 2*0 lbs
potash, i
Merchandise for the North.
The Britlfh bark Saxon Is chartered for lum
ber from Portland to West Coast. 32s Cd. if to
a direct port 2s 6d lee*. The British bark In
vereek loads general cargo here for Liverpool
or Lioadon.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
' Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The United State, monitor Wyoming: arrivtd
yesterday from Eanta Earbara and proceeded
to Mare Island.
»
Wyoming Hcturns.
The schooner Honolpu. which a short time
asro w«nt ashore at Honolpu and proceeded to
Honolulu for repairs and new anchors, salltd
yesterday from Honolulu for Honolpu to load
for this port.'-. . • .
Honoipu Again in Commission.
Captain Nopander of the steamship Umatllla,
which arrived yesterday from PuKet • Sound,
reports that he saw nothing of the bis log raft
which In on He way here from Astoria in tow
of the tuffs T«.tco«h and Sfa. Lion.
Saw No Sign of Big Raft.
«. H. K.
Chicago » 0 4
Plttsburg ...... .. ••• 2 0 7
Batteries— -Taylor and Kllng; . Leever. Wil
helm and 'Smith. Umpire— Moran. .
NATIONAL LEAGUE. •
CHICAGO. 5.— The ; locals won easily
to-day,by bunching eight of their hits In two
Innings, . the fame two that . the Champions
made .six of their errofs in. , The. field was
vrry wet and slippery, making clean folding
impossible. Attendance. 1S00. Score:-
Detroit ......... 2 8 .1
Batteries — Moore and Abbott: Kissinger and
McGuIre/ \ :;..\ ¦¦¦ .'iv^
Washington 1 4 1
New York 2 8 .1
Batteries — Patten and Kittredge; Chesbro and
O'Connor. ! |
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 5.— Chicago and St. Louis
game postponed; rain.
CLEVELAND. Alfe. 5.— Cleveland had no
trouble In taking to-day's game from Detroit.
Kissinger was hit hard, while- Moore would
have, scored a shut-out but for Bradley'* error
In the eighth. Attendance. 3200. Score:
> /- - n. H. E.
Cleveland -..'...' 8 1 14 2
Philadelphia .'. 0 4 1
Batteries— Dlneen and Crlger; Waddell and
Schreck.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 5. — Orth's error in fhe
last Inning proved fatal and New York scored
the deciding run In a pltohers' contest be
tween Patten and Ciioabro. Washington's only
run was scored by Ryan on a home run hit. At
tendance, 2200. Score :
n. h. e.
, AMERICAN LEAGUE.
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. 5.— The home team
was shut out to-day by Boston In a pitchers'
battle between Waddell and Dlneen. Attend
ance. 10,200. Score:
R. H. E.
Boston 3 4 0
PHILADELPHIA DEFEATED
IN A PITCHERS' BATTLE
Waddell and Dlneen Each Hold Op
posing Team Down to
Four Hits.
The rate of reinsurance on the Helen Brewer
was advanced yesterday to &<) per cent and
the rate on the Milton Park reduced to 40 per
cent.
«
Reinsurance Changes.
Small hor>e Is entertained of Bavins any of
the cargo of the Ill-fated British bark Glen
cona. which recently went ashore at San Bias.
According. to the latest report the salvors have
aban-Jonwf operations, the vessel's hull being
almnst entirely submersed. • The Glencona was
a Bterl four-masted bark of 2214 tons register.
She was built in 1«« at Glasgow.
No Chance to Save Cargo.
The Kosmos liner Theben, which recently
went ashore in Grays channel and was later
beached on Cunningham Island to prevent sink
ing. has arrived at Punta. Arenas, where she
will be drydocked and repaired. The vessel
has been pumped out and lsydischarglng 4000
bags of nitrate which was not damaged. All
the cargo that was stowed in the fore and
main holds has become a total loss.
Fart of Theben's Cargo Is Saved.
Steamer. From. | Due.
Texan New York I Aug. 6
Chchalis San Pedro Aug. 6
8an Jose New York via Panama Aug. 6
Ccronad.-. San Pedro rt ng. 0
Mackinaw Tacoma |Aug. 0
Del Norte Crescent City I Aug. \i
Argo Lei River Ports |Au«. 0
Pomona Rumboldt JAug. to
Santa Rosa.. . Han Dleeo & Way HortelAug. 6
Ramoiia San Pedro & V.'y Ports Aug. • C
Coptic China & Japan Aug. 6
G. Dollar Kan Pedro Aug. 7
North Fork... Humboldt Aug. 7
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. Arena|Aug. V
New burg Grays Harbor lAug. 7
Marlposa Tahiti |auk. 7
«'va! Willapa Harbor |Aug. 8
J. Do'lar Seattle & Tacoma |Autr. )>
Columbia [Portland & Victoria... I Auk. 8j
Centralia i San Pedro Aug. 9
Wyefltld Nanalmo Aug. 9
Corona Humboldt Aug. U
Eureka Humboldt Aug. 10
Olympic Whatcom & Fa'.rhaven Aug. 10
Nebraskan Honolulu & Kahulul... Aug. Ik
Slate of Cal.. | San Diego & Way Pts. Aug. 10
i:°°.1 1Jay Newport & Way Ports. Aug. JO
S. Monica 'Grays Harbor Aug. 1>»
Queen Puget Sound Ports !Aug. Ill
A f ca t 3 Coos Bay & Pt. Orford|Aug. 11
Alameda Honolulu .-.' ....Auk 11
S. Barbara... Seattle & Olympla Aug. 12
City Pausjna. New York via Panama. Aus. 12
Claverln* China and Japan Aug i::
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Aug. 1.1
At "°H China & Japan Aug. ly
itnmona San Pedro & Way Pts. Aug 14
< lty Pueblav I'ujrct Sound Port* Aug.' 15
Alliance Portland & Way Ports Aug 15
Sierra I Sydney & Way Ports.. Aug. 17
According to Mrs. Jacobsen's complaint,
she met Hubbell while he was on a visit
to this citv. He was a married man,
but divorce proceedings were pending be
tween him and his wife. I He proposed
to her, ahe says, February 2, 1900, and
in January of the following year prom
ised to make her his wife before two
years had elapsed. Mrs. Jacobsen/ says
she held herself in readiness to become
Mrs. Hubbell' at a moment's notice, but
that the notice never came. Recently she
learned that the saloon man had married
another. Now she does not warit to be
come Mrs. Hubbell, but she does want
part of his bank account as a balm for
her injured feelings.
Elizabeth Jacobsen, a comely widow of
this city, yesterday -sued John Hubbell.
a prominent saloon-keeper of Oakdale,
Stanislaus County; for $5000 damages for
breach of promise, alleging that he will
fully, after securing her promise to be
come his wife and promising that he
would make her such before January, 1904,
married another woman.
Elizabeth Jacobsen • Says She Was
Jilted by John Hubbell and
Asks for S5000 Damages.
COMELY WIDOW COMMENCES
BREACH OF PROMISE SUIT
Sun rises 5:17
Sun sets 7:14
Moon sets 3:43 a. m.
C Timel iTimel |Time |Time|
» \ j-t. Ft. 1 Ft. Ft.
.• L W H W LW jH W
6 4:20—0.2 11:30 4.8|4:10 2*9 10:20 8.5
7 4:55 — 0.2 12:05 4.9 4:49 2.8 1O:5« 5.3
8 5:24—0.112:37 4.9 5:27 2.7 11:32 5.2
» 5:55 0.1 1:04 4.9 6:05 2.5 .."
H W L W H W L W
10 0:10 5.0 U:23 0.4 1:30 5.0 6:15 2.3
11 0:51 4.7 7:00 0.7 1:55 5.0! 7:29 2.1
12 | 1:35! 4.5 7:.'to[ 1.1 2:22| 5.0j S:1U l.U
NOTE: — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occur*. The heights given are in
additlcn to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus < — )
sign precedes the heights, and then the number
given Is eubtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane o( reference is the mean
of the lower luw waters.
TO ARRIVE
Movements of Steamers.
P.EDONDO— SaiUd Aug 5— Schr H D Ben
dlxon, for Grays Harbor.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Aug 5— Stmr Robert
Dollar, from Portland; schr Louise, from Ump
qua.
Sailed Auk 0 — Schr Stimson. for Ball»rd;
stmr Coronado, for San Francisco.
. CASPAR — Arrived Auc 5— Stmr South Coast,
hence Aug 4.
.Sailed Au? 5— Stmr Samoa, for San Pedro.
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed Aug 5—Stmr
Santa Rom. for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNS END— Arrival Aug 5— Br
bark (slemount, from Tacoma.f for Callao.
MEXDOCINO- Arrived Aus; C— Stmr Phoe
nix, hence Aug 4. *•
PORT H A RFORD— Arrived Aug 4— Stmr
Aurella. from Grays Harbor.
SEATTLE— Sailed Aug 4— Stmr James Dol
lar, for Sian Francisco; stmr Montara, for San
Francisco. Aug 5— Stmr Koanol^, for Nome.
Arrived Aug 5— Brig Tanner, from San Pe
dro; Br stmr Tottenham, from Astoria.
PORT OAMBI,&-Arr!ved Aug 6— Schr Ida
Schnauer. hence July °2
TATOOSH— Passed In Auar 8— Stmr James
Dollar, from San Francisco, for Seattle: . schr
Aloha, hence July 25, for Port Townsend.
Passed out Aub Tv— Stmr Montara. from Se
attle, for San F>anciseo. ' • •
TACOMA— Sailed Aug 5— Stmr Mineola. for
San Francisco; Br ship Islemount, for Callao.
GRAYS HARBOR — Arrived Aujr 4— Stmr
Santa Monica, hence July 31. via Eureka.
BALLARD — Arrived Aug 6 — Schr Maweema,
from Monterey.
EUREKA— Arrived Aug 5— Br bark Collln
grove, from Shanghai. .. , : .
Sailed Aug 5— Stmr Navarro. for, San Fran
cisco; «tmr Pomona, for San • Francisco. -
, ISLAND PORTS.
MAKAWEL1— Sailed Auar 2— BkUl Puako.
for San Francisco. - ¦ .
HONOLULU— Palled Aug I &— Schr Honolpu.
for. Honolnu; strnr Alameda, for- San Fran
cisco. Aus 4— Bark Gerard C Tobey, for Sail
Francisco. . ; >i
Sailed Aug R— Schr O M Kellogg, for Eu
reka.
Arrive.! Au* 5— Ship Geo Curtis, hnce July 22.
MANILA— Sailed Aug 4— Spanish etmr Ail
cante, for -Liverpool.- -*-' « • •
• •* EASTERN PORT. ,
¦ NEW YORK— Sailed Au» 4-^Stnir Alllanca.
for Colon; ,¦¦. r. .' . .-. ; •:¦ u
FOREIGN PORTS. ;
DURBAN— Sailed Aug 5— Schr Kailua. for
Newcastle, Aus. "
ADELAIDE— Arrived 'prior to" Aug 4— Br
ship Toxteth, from Port : Gamble. ¦..<
MORORAN -h'ailed July CO— Br etmr Ma
chaon. for Victoria.' . . •" '
HONGKONG— Arrived Aug - : 3— Br stmr
Chlng Wo. -hence 'July: 3..' ¦•• a. • .'-.-.'
.Arrived, prior to Auk .5-- -J«Pi ; •ttnr Hong
kong Maru. hence July 7.
ADELAIDlf^-AiTlvedi prior, to. Aug 4— Br
ship Toxteth. . from Port ' Gamble. ;
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Auk .1— Br atmr Tar
tar,. for .Vancouver. , ..
SYDNEY— Arrived Aub &— Schr' Alpena,
from ' Whatcbm. • - - , ',¦ . ¦ ,
'.. NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed Aug 4— Bktn
Echo, for Honolulu. ,
\ - ; — ¦ ? ¦ -•
The cantons of Valais, Uri and Grisons.,
Switzerland, have'prohibited automoblling
within their territories..- •"
DOMESTIC PORTS
July 2!). Idt 30 N. Ion 13 W, Br ship Machri
hanish, from Ixmdon. for Santa Rcsalla,
July C, lat 16 N, Ion 26 W. Fr bark' Gene
vleve Mollnos, frcm Hull, for San Francisco.
July 10, lat 14 N. Ion 27 W. Fr bark Bon
chanips, from Dunkirk, for San Francisco.
July 20. lat 30 N. Ion 13 W, Br ship Duch
alburn, from Antwerp, for San : Francisco.
Sl'OKEN
POINT LOBOS. Augj 5, 10 p rn— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 16 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Wednesday, July 5.
Strer Asuncion, Bridgett. 48' hours from Re
do ndo.
Stmr Scotia, Erlckson, 11 hours from Bowens
Landing.
Stmr San Pedro, Jacobs, 57 hours from San
Buenaventura, t : .;- , v ' ••
Stmr Umatilla. Cousins. 61 hours from Vic
toria and Port Townsend. ,¦
Stmr Redcndo, Krog, 22 hours from Fields
Landing; bound south; put In to land passen
gers. ! . . .
U S stmr Wyoming, Cottman. 30 hours from
Santa Uarbara; Mare Island direct.
Barge Santa Paula, 2^ days from Ventura;
up river direct. . . - •.;—-•
Schr Oakland, Brown, 4 days from Tilla
mook.
Schr Newark, Rtlnertsen, 20 hours from
Mendocino. . , ¦
• , • CLEARED. ' r '
Wednesday, July 5.
.Stmr Geo W Elder. Randall. "Astoria; Oregon
Railroad and Nav Co.- -
Stmr State of California, Thomas, San Diego;
Pacific Cr>ast Steamship Co
Br bark Port Carlisle, Oldfleld, Melbourne;
J J Moore & Co.
SAILED.
Wednesday, July 5.
Stmr Signal. Bendegaard, Coos Bay.
Stmr Alliance, Hardwlck. Portland, etc.
Stmr Coos Bay, Nlcolson. San Pedro.
Stmr Corona. Johnson. Eureka.
Stmr Alcazar. Martin, Greenwood.
Stmr Sen Pedro, Jacobs, Eureka.
Stmr Greenwood. Johannistn.' Caspar.
Stmr Centennial, Klitraard. Seattle.
Schr A F Coates, Dahloff. Grays Harbor,
fcchr Dauntless, Smith. Grays Harbor.
Schr Hclene, Christiansen. Port Hedlock.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
A cablegram received yesterday from Auck
land ctates that the bark Mary L. Cushlng,
which was bound from Newcastle. v Australia,
for Honolulu, and recently put into Auckland
leaking, must discharge all her cargo before
a complete survey can be made. The firet
eurvey was unsatisfactory and part of her car
go was ordered discharged. In the meantim».
however, the carso was disposed of in Auck
land. The vessel will be docked, discharged,
and whatever repairs are found necessary will
be made before she again goes to sea.
•
Will Discharge Her Cargo.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner
Ventura, which sells for Honolulu and the
Antipodes at 2 o'clock this afternoon, will car
ry many passengers, among them a number of
distinguished people. Mrs. Jane L. Stanford,
founder of the university at Palo Alto, has
chosen the Ventura on which to make the
first stretch of her tour of the world. She
will travel on the liner to Sydney, where she
will srend some time visiting her brother-in
law. Henry Copeland, agent general in Lon
don for the Government of New South Wales,
will be another passenger. Captain Hayward,
the Ventura's commander, is taking his two
daughters for the round trip. Mrs. George F.
Nicholson and Mlsn Nicholson, the wife and
daughter of the passenger traffic manager of
the Santa Fe at Chicago; Mrs. Gorman, the
wife of the general freight agent of the Santa
Fe at Chicago and her daughter and Mrs.
W. J. Black and Miss Black, wife and daugh
ter of the Santa Fe's Chicago general passen
ger agfnt. will also be passengers. The Brlt
leh-Australian mail arrived last night and
the Ventura will leave at 2 o'clock this after
noon, according to schedule.
Ventura Sails. To-Day.
The time ball on the Ferry building was
dropped exactly at noon to-day, I. e.. at noon
of the 120th meridian, or at 8 p. m. Greenwich
time. j. c.' BURNETT.
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. in Charge.
Time Ball.
Branch Hvdrographic Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants'. Kxchange, San Francisco, Cal., Au
rust 5. 10C3.
Times and Heights of High and Lot
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to sSa:
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of th» Superintendent.
XOTE— The high and low waters occur a
the city front <Mlssion-slreet wharf) about 2
minutes later than at Fcrt Point; the height o
tide Is the rome at both places.
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. - I Sails. <
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. I Aug. 7
Dolphin Skagway & Way PorU.IAug. 7
City Seattle... Skagway &• Way PorU.|Aug. 0
Ka rallon Skayway & Way Ports Aug. 11
Humbodlt.'. .'. Skagway & Way Ports Aug. 12
CUy Topeka.." Skagway & Way Ports. Au«. 14
Cottage City.. Skscway & Way Ports. Aug. 15
Spokane Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. 16
OretWl I Nome Aug. IB
Santa -\na.... Co ks I-let & Way Pts. Aug. 10
Tamplco ".. Nome & St. Michael.. Aug. IT
Al-KI I Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. 20
The allegation is further j made that
Kate McLaughlin. Lizzie Reed, Mary Ma
son, Ida Bouchero, Lizzie Loebs. Mitchell
Suttner and others have maintained a
picket at the northwest corner of Sacra
mento and Drumm streets, where the fac
tory of the petitioners is situated, and
assaulted and beaten Agnes' Snepper,
Francis Quiros and other employes of the
company.
The firm of Ames & Harris, bag man
ufacturers, filed a petition in the United
States Circuit Court yesterday asking
that the San Francisco Labor Council and
strikers, pickets and boycotters. to the
number 'of more than 100 be restrained
from Interfering with the business of the
petitioners and from intimidating and
beating their employes.
The complaint alleges that Mitchell
Suttner and other defendants conspired to
prevent the firm from filling its orders
for bags received from other States and
from Territories of the United States and
that by means of threats and violence
they have deterred working men and wo
r..en from engaging in the service of the
firm.
STBIXING BAG HANDS
ANNOY AMES & HARRIS
¦ v
Application Made to Federal Judges
for an Injunction Against'
Lawbreakers.
The bark is reported in very bad shape,
but the cargo may be saved if a vessel
to receive it Is sent down there imme
diately.
PVRTICULARS were received yes
terday of the wreck at Topolo
bampo of the bark Mauna. Ala.
She was entering the harbor in
charge of a pilot and struck with
terrific force on. the bar. The blow shiver
ed her timbers with a vengeance and con
verted the tight little bark In an Instant
into a veritable sieve. The fact that she
was loaded with lumber alone prevented
her going to the bottom as soon as she
cleared the shoal on which she struck.
The star witness of the day. Sam Yat
Sam. waf thfn called to the witness
stand and testified through Chinese In
epector John E. Gardner that he was a
native of China, a laborer, and that he
came to the United States in 189S in tran
sit to Mexico. Then he slipped over the
border through Kl Paso to Deming. While
in Demins he paid a white man whose
name he did not romc-mber 5100 for a cer
tificate of residence, which wa* sent to
him from San Francisco by Toy Man
Sing, who wrote him a letter stating that
n black man— but before the witness could
continue Mr. Shortridge's objection was
sustained, and the case wa6 continued un
til 10 o'clock this morning.
George A. McGowar. an attorney; Rob
rrt H. Frick, formerly chief deputy in
I.ynch's office, and several others testified
that Dlllard had exclusive control of the
Chinese certificates.
Lyman I. Mowry. an attorney, residing
temporarily in the City of Mexico, testi
lied that he applied to the Collector for
a duplicate certificate for a client named
Ixmis Din, and that DIHard executed the
certificate.
PBOOF OF FBAUD.
sons.
Mr. Shcrtridge introduced the letter
Mess book of Lynch's office, wherein
Lynch stated to Chinese Inspector Charles
Mrehan at El Paso that the Lynch signa
tures on two Chinese residence certifi
cates; photographs of which were sent to
him. were genuine. Lynch paid he could
rot remember having seen such a letter,
end that he had not been made aware of
the existence of the letter until a few
months ago.
The witness stated that 400 duplicate
Certificates that had been made out dur
ing thp- administration of Osca M. Wei
fjurn, Mr. Lynch's predecessor, had never
been called for. In reply to a question as
to whether Dillard had not offered to re
sign during the progress of the trial of
Wclburn for embezzling the funds of the
Government, Lynch replied that Dillard
bad offered to resign because a dispute
had arisen between Dillard and Special
Revenue Agent Thomas as to the genuine
ness of one of the Welburn signatures.
On another occasion Dillard wanted to re
sign because his wife came to Collector
Lynch several times and complained of
Dillard's conduct. Dillard left the offlce
on May 10. 1902. •
Mr. Lynch admitted that he had gone
before the Federal Grand Jury and sworn
in the first instance tSfat he was in doubt
as to a part of those signatures. He had
sworn positively as to five, but as to four.
¦te-en he had stated lie was in doubt. At
that time he had not made any compari-
"I expressed doubts as to a portion of
them. After a careful examination I
satisfied .myself that they were my sig
natures. I examined enlarged photo
graphs" of these signatures." replied Mr.
Lynch, "and I satisfied myself that they
were not ray signatures."
"Have you not expressed doubts to
Special Revenue Agent Thomas as to
whether the fourteen sigmatures on the
if-rtificates produced in evidence were
forged or genuine?" asked Mr. Shortridge.
NOT HIS SIGNATURES.
Mr. Woodwurths objection to the ques
tion was sustained. Then Mr. Shortridge
t'ried to prove !©• Collector Lynch that
Dillard's, roll top desk in the offlce had
been broken into on several occasions, b»\:
Lynch did not remember this.
"Did not Dillard insist that the photo
graph ¦ in the Ahem case was not the
photograph of the applicant and didn't
you overrule him?" asked Mr. Shortridge.
x CAMPAIGN HEADQUABTEKS.
Mr. Shortridge then sought to show that
the supply-room, opening off the corridor,
had been u*ed in the campaign of 1903
as. a "place for secret political consulta
tions, and the witness admitted that on
<5ne occasion Deputies Breidenstein. Gil
christ and Wright used the room in which
to address envelopes containing political
matter. He denied, however, that the
room had been used for political purposes
during the whole of the campaign.
In repiy to another question Lynch ad
mitted that he had forwarded a duplicate
certificate of registration of a Chinese tt>
J..W. Ahem. District Attorney of Kern
County, and In that case he was con
vinced that the application was genuine
and that the original certificate had been
lo'st.
United States Internal Revenue Col
lector Lynch was recalled for cross-ex
amination in the United States District
Court yesterday morning: in the case of
the United States vs. William H. Dillard,
indicted for forgery. Samuel M. Short
ridge of defendant's counsel proceeded to
show by the witness that all the other
deputies In Lynch's offlce, also other per
sons, fcad access to the rooms in that of
fice and to the Chinese records; that Jani
tors, indexers and others had access to
the rooms.
Mr. Lynch said that Dillard had copies
ct all the letters and took letters to the
PoetoSce. He was generally the last to
leave the efflce, added Mr. Lynch. He
did a little of everything and "was the
handy man around the office."
Mr. Shortridge called the attention of
the witness to the fact that on the list
of- deputies made out by him the name
cf Senator John G. Tyrrell was absent.
Mr. Lynch explained that the Senator
was in the office only a short time. He
explained that when he took charge of
the office on September 1.1S37. some of the
duplicate Chir.ese certificates in the vault
were loose and gome were tied with tape.
He e.t once obtained an order from the
department and had them bound in
volumes of 100 each and indexed. Some of
the certificates had been lost and could
not be found.
"We have mi:ch to thank the Ameri
cans for. They have set us a good ex
ample and our people have profited by
it. We are beginning to keenly appre
ciate the necessity of commercial enter
prise, and I am satisfied that the people
of Salvador, remote as they are from
the world's great trade centers, are stead
ily improving their conditions jfad will
some day figure as an important factor
in the commercial interests of the west
ern hemisphere."
The Escallons and Consul General Ma
theu expect to leave for Salvador on the
next steamer.
The father of the two young men • is
one of the richest coffee planters In Sal
vador, his flncas .lying within the state
of Santa Ana, of which he was Governor
until elected to the Presidency last -March.
He Is a graduate of Harvard, and has
taken a deep interest in the education
©f his sons, who. at his suggestion, un
dertook a tour, of the world for Instruc
tion. They have almost concluded the
tour. Pedro, Uhe elder of the sons, for
a time attended school in this State and
speaks English fluently. Both boys, the
elder of whom is 22 and the other 19 years
of age, are typically Central Americans
In their manners, although they have
readily accustomed themselves to foreign
habits. and thoroughly enjoy the methods
of amusement of this country. They
modestly discuss the administration of
their father in Salvador, and, referring
to the future of. their country yesterday,
they united in the prediction that the
republic would coon be out of debt and
well on a prosperous career and Pedro
added:
Pedro and Fredericq Escalion, sons of
Jose Pedros Escalion. the newly elected
President of the republic of Salvador, ac
companied by P. J. Matheu. Consul Gen
eral of the republic In Paris, are regis
tered at the Palace Hotel. They 1 arrived
here several dars ago and have since
been enjoying sightseeing tours about the
city.
Chinese Laborer Swears He
Bought One for One
Hundred Dollars.
Accompanied on Their Trip
by the Consul-General
to Paris.
Sons of the President
of Salvador Visit
the City.
Only Person -Handling
the Certificates of
Residence.
DILLARD'S DUTY
IN THE OFFICE
MAKING TOUR
OF THE WORLD
THE SAN FB ANCISCO CALU THUBSDAY, AUGUST 6, 1903.
Mauna Ala, Entering Mexican Port in Charge of Pilot, Runs on
a Shoal at Harbor Entrance and Will Probably Prove a Total
Loss — Cargo May Be SavecLrif Vessel Is Sent to Receive It
STRIKES TOPOLOBAMPO BAR
AND SHIVERS HER TIMBERS
10
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Train, l~^ n^tA~CMCo. l^ l .V * S
<M»ln Vlaa. Foot of Murlcec 3tre<t ) .
•7.'i.4T« — T*ov ArwrsT l. law. - jmj^7,
— 7 00 a Benlcta. Bulsan. KlmlraanU Sacru-
mento..^. 7.23f
7JJ0*. VscaTUle. Winter". Rnmsey. 7.35^
7l30A Msrtlnei. 8*n IUmon. Tallejo.
*"* Napa. CalistogA. Santa Rom B-2Sr
7 XOa Vile*, Livermore, LatUrop, Stock-
'"^ ton 7.2SF
8 OQx D»Ti».W°O4 l! an d * Kntaht» LaaUjnt
xUrysTiMe. OrwTllle. (connects
st Msry»TlU« tor Grldley, Btjgs
and Chico) 7S*»
8D0a AUantlcKxpre»s-©ifdja»ndEa«. 10.25*
ft 00a Port Costa. Martinez. Antlo.!!. By-
ron Tr»cy.Stoi:lEtoo.Sacraineato.
Los Baaos. Mendota, Ilanfonl.
Vl«alla. PortrrTlllo ......miJOr
8X0a Port Co»to, Martlne*. Tracy Lath-
** u rwI », Modesto. Mercetl. Fresno.
Goaben Junction. Uaaford. vi-
nalla. Pufeersneld ............. 5.2S»
a Tn. c a ««ta KiJT9*» — Da»1«. Williams
8.S0A »*«»jJJK w sprlmri). WllKnrs,
tPToto. Red Blnff. Portland 7-55F
S 30 a Xlles. Saa Jo«e. LlTenncre. Stoc*-
tonIon«.S«craniento,Purer»me.
MaryiTllle. Chleo. Red dhiff 4.25?
• T!1a O«kd»le Chlne»e. Jamontown. 3o-
8.30* O.VU. Iurone , na Anj:e! , 4 25,.
900a Martlne.andW.ySwtlon. 6 5|J
Tracy. Uthrop. Stockton,
Merced. IUjrm°nd. Frwno. Han-
boOTd.rrtT« TiaCo«-t «T33»
10-OCa The OTerl.nd Limited - Ufden.
DcnTer. Oraaha. Chicago..... 2-i2 F
12.Ce* nfyward: Mies and Way Station. 3.25£
11-OOf 6«cr«mento River ••••"•""•""r^
ZSOr Benicla. Winters. Sacraiaento,
Woodl»nd. "Williams. CoIuumWll-
low.. Knlchts Landing. Mary* __
Ttlle. Oroville and way »tations.. low*
SJOr n«yw»r.i.N!Ies and W«y Stations.. 7-55*
AGOr Martlnez.Sun R«mon.ValleJo,»apa. g 2gA
4.60* Mar^tao^TVacy^Lathropistockron. lOffi
400p Nlles. Llrennore. Stockton. Lodl.. .J?5f
4.30t H»jw»rU. Klles. irTJngton. San » j'||*
Jose. LI Term ore f J11.65A
6C0r The Owl Limited— Fre»nn. Tnlare.
Ba^ersaeld. Los Angeles: ooa-
necu at Saugas for Santa Bar-
V r bara. •••• «-S3a
B.C0p Port Costa, Tracy, Stockton. Los
Banotf .. ...............•••••••• 1Z-Z3F
1B30F Hsywsrd'.KVle's and San Jos« ,Z 25*
6C0r Hayward, N»#s and San Jose 10234
6.G0r Oriental Mull — Ofcdcn. DenTor.
Omaha, bt. Louis. Chicago and
Ka?t. (Csnies Pullman Cw ps»-
tengers only out of gan Kran-
elsco. Tourist car and eoaeii
pasiengers take 7.00 p. v. trsln
to Renn, contlnnlng thence la
their cars 6 r.u. t rain eastward . . 4Z5»
VTrslbound. Sunset Limited.—
From New York. Chicago. Ke*
Orleans. El P»»©. Lo« Angeles,
frenno. Berenda, Ray monili from
Yonernlle). ?«artinez. Arrtvts.. 8 25 a
7 00r Ban Pablo. Port Coita. Martlaea
and Way Stations 112S*.
t7C0r Vallejo .-..¦¦¦ ' 65*
7-COr Port costa. Benlcia, SuUun, Davis,
6acr»menu>. Trnckce. Ileno.
Stops at all stations east of
Sacramento 7.6o*
SXSp Oiegon * Callforula Kxpre»t— Sac-
ramento, Mary»Ttlle. Redding.
Partland, Puget Sound aad Eaat. 855a
:8.10p Ilay ward. Nile* and San Jose (Sua-
day only) 111.55*
11.2Sr Tort Costa, Tracy, Lathrop, Mo-
detto. MerceU. Raymond (to Yo-
setnlte). Kresno, Uanford. VI-
salla. Bakertfleld 1225t
COAST LINE (.tarr-w liaage).
(Koot of Market Strewt.)
' 1746a Santa Cras Excursion (Sunday "™
only) ta.iCP
8.15a Newark. Centerrllle. San Josa,
Felton. Boulaer Creek, Santa
Crui and Way Buttons 8 23'
t2.15i > Kewark. Centerrille. San Jose,
New Almaden. Los Gstos.Feltoa.
Boulder Creek. Santa Crnz and
Principal Way Stations 10-55a
4.15r Newark. Ban Jose. Los Gatos and
way stations (on Saturday and
Sandsy runs through to Santa
Crnz; Honday only from Santa
Crnz). Connects at Feltoa to
and from Boulder Creek t8.&3i
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From fcAN i KAN Cisco, root «f Market St. (31ip«
— 17:13 S:CO 11:00 a.m. 100 3 CO 5.15r.v
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — t«:0O ;i:04
V*:<q 10:00 a.m. 12 00 200 400 p.m.
COAST LINE (Broad »aa K »>.
Ik' (Third and 'fownaend StreaU.) :
6.10a Saa Joaeaad Way Stations 7-307
17.00a San Jose and Way Sutinns 8 30f
/8.00a New Almaden (Tnes^ Frid.) /410r
:7.15a Monterey and Saata Cms Excur
alon (Sunday only) t33Q*
8.00a Coast Line Limited— 3 topi only San
Jote.Gllroy.Holllnter.PaJaro.Cas-
troTllle. Salinas. Saa Ardo, Paao
Kobles. Santa Margarita, San Lei*
Oblspo. (principal stations thence)
C«ntaBArbara,Sangu» and Los An-
geles. Connection at CaatroYino
to and from Munterey andPacifla *
Grove aad at Pajaro north bound
from Capitola and SantaCrnz.:.. 10-457
8X0* Ban Jose. Trea Finos. Capitola,
j BantaCruz.FaelScOroTe.SaHnaa,
' San Lint Obl«po and Principal 1
Intermediate Stationa 4.107
Weat'oocnd £1 Paso Passenger.—
From Chicago. El Paso. Los An-
geles, Santa Barbara. ArrlTe*.. 1.30?
1 0 70 a gan Jose and Way Stations . . 1 .207
11 CO a Cemetery PansenRer— South Saa
Francisco, San Bruno 1.05*
11 30a -San Jose. Los Gatos and Way Ssa-
."' tlons 5.387
•1.307 San Jose and Way Stations X7-0O7
200r San Jose and Way Stations 53 40a
. 2.307 Cemetery Pssscaxer — South Saa
TrnveUeo. San Bruno 4.357
TH-COr Dei Monte F.xprens— Santa Clara.
San Jo*«. Del Monte. Monterey,
Paclflc Grove (connects at Santa
Clara for Santa Crnz. Boulder
_ __ CTeek and Narrow Gsu?e Points) 112-157
i-»or BnrllBgsTse. Son Mateo. Redwood.
>lenloPark. Palo Alto Mayfield.
Mountain View. Lawrence, Santa
Clara, San Jose. GCroy (connec-
tion for Holllster. Tres Pinos),
Pajaro (connection for Wataoa-
Ttlle. Capitola and Santa Cruz),
Pactnc Grove and way stations.
Connects at CastroTllle for Sa-
M ___ Unas 10.45a
*•?£* Sail Jo»e and Way Station* 836a
TO COp ban Jose. (Tla Santa Clara) Los
Gatoa, Wright and Prlaclpal Way
,,,„ Stations t9.C0.ft
!53Cp SanJovrandPrinctpalWayStaUons t8 00*
t6.167 fcanMateo.Bereaford,Belmont.San
Carlos, Uedwood. Fair Oaka,
Mento Park. Palo Alto tB.48A
F.30T B»nJ ewe anrt Way Stationa. 6 36*
7 COr Sucset Limited. Eastbound.— San
Lnta Obtspo. Snnta Barbara. Los
ABjelfs. Demlnjr. El Paso. New
Orleans, New York. (Westbound
¦•Cp Palo Alto andWay Stations 10-15a
•113C7 Mlllbrae, Palo Alto and AVay Sta-
tlons t9 457
a112Cr J!!ll!,rar, ban Jose" aud* W*ay*Sta>
"»n» tflj">
v «: A i( ? Morni »B- ¥ tor Aiicraouu.
x Saturday ami Sunday only.
8 Stops at all stations on Sunday.
t Sunday ejecpted. t Sunday oaly.
a Saturday only. - -
d Connecta at Got hen Jc with trains for Haafarl
* v, vlMlIa - A * >re«no. for.VUalla Tla Sanger.
« >!«Co«»t Line, f Tuesday and Friday-
?J&, ni J* T i a Xllc> - M v * 11 ' except Saturday.
tr% la San Joaquln Valley.
I Stops Santa Clara south boand only. Conaecta,
?"ept Sunday, for all points Narrow Uaugo.
nronly tralnn atopping at Valencia St-suutaboon*
are fc; 10 a.m.. 11:CU aj».. 2:3? p.m. and»:30 7.M-
HTO SAi. RAFAEL
SAN QUENTIW,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, ETC.
via Sausallto Ferry
WEEK DAYS-. Holidays *xcepted>-6:i3.
S^tS^tSSTy" the 3:13 P- «. tr«to runa
to J' a -\ r f.* X \*l RAFAEL TO SAJf KRANCISCO
X0 I??JrVa I v»^«:tS. 7:33. $3:10. 0:40. {10:53.
« '^ # W:
5:43. «:40. 7:43. 8.23.
"« ?^UV> » ™ •• 12:40 ' 2:45> 4:13 - 5:1 °- 1M> -
«:35- T:M - 10 - U:t0 •¦ m - 12:05 -
1:05. 2.40. "»^g ROU GH TRAINS.
'•45 a- nJ.. w«ek days — Cazadero and way
St s t -i°i n^' m week days (Saturday! except»d>—
Toniales and way stations.
3:15 ">- »•• Saturdays— Cazadero and way
'"^undays and Legal Holidays — 8 a. m.. Caza-
der-.'and way rtatlons.
Sundays and Le^al Holidays — 10 a. m.. Point
Reyes and way stationa.
TICKET OFFICB— KI8 Market at.
FERRY— ***o°t of Market st. ¦
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave fi» Sauahu f»rry Arrive
Saa Fran. f»n at Marktt 8t. Saa Fran.
Week Sun- Sun- Week
nnv^.i days t <fav> D^TS.
C:45a «:OO A R£<^5ia l«:UONH:15'i
l:45p »:OO A V^^5fsM 13:SOpj3:30p
S:15rlO:OOx 3:3Op 3:30p
fcterfcys saly. mn T»TtraT 9«30i>.arriT«SJ». ll:3Qy
iiLfE i < Ba . *<*="T St^ (North Shore Kailroadj
UTXD I and SAOSALrro Peuy. Foot Martet Sl
ADVERTISEMENTS. :\
Positively cured by these
little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Kausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small PHI. Small Dose.
SmaSl Price-
California
Limited...
7b CHICAGO
I^^H^^^| For Those Who
SANTA FE TRAINS
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
" • T Local I Llm'd I Local I Ov*rrd
I Daily 1 Dally | Daily 1 Dally
Lv. San Fran..| 7:3O a.| 9:3O a 4:00 p| »:iX> p
Ar. Stockton... ll>:4t> a 10:01 p 7:10 p 11:15 p ;
"Merced..... 1:05 p 1:53 p 1:23 a
"Fresno 2:40 p 3:20 p 3:13 a
• " Hanford ... 4:5d p 4:07 p 7:50 a
" Vlsalla 4:53 p 4:43 p S:0O a
" Dakers9eld . T;15 p 6:00 p 7:35 a
, " Kansas City 2:33 a 7:0O a ]
"Chicago 2:15 p 8:47 p 1
a for mcrnlns; p for afternoon.
' 7:30 a. m. Daily Is Baker*fleld Local, stop-
ping at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:55 a. m. daily.
9:30 a. m. Monday and Thursday la tiu>
CAXXTOBKIA LIMITED, carrying' Pal-
ace Sleeping Cars and Dining Cars
through to. Chicago. Chair car runs to Bakers-
field for accommodation of lccal flrst-claj«s pas-
bengers. No second-class tickets are honored
on this train. Corresponding train arrives at
11:10 'p. m. Tuesday and Friday.
9:30 a. m. Dally. Valley Limited. Composlt*
Car and Reclining Chair Car between B&Jiers-
tteld and San Francisco. CorresposdUsc train
arrives at 11:10 p. m. daily.
4:00 p. ru. Is Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrives at 11:10 a. m. daily.
8:00 p. m. Daily Is the Overland Express
with through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Cor-
responding train arrives at 6:25 p. m. dally.
Personally conducted parties for Kansas City.
Chicago and East leave San Francisco every
Monday. Thursday and Saturday at 8 p. tn.
Offices— 641 Market street and In Ferry D#-
! pot. £an Francisco: 1112 BroadT-ay. Oakland.
'" liPjUfnffciiil
I ¦Ss^'^siss?rff r 'fi^y^Hi^i 1 - -
See Salt lake City
on Your Way East.
In many ways it is the most interesting
city on the American Continent. You
may enjoy a visit there if yon join a
Burlington Route Personally Conducted
Tourist Party. The; for the
East three times a week.
Another attraction is the Roeky
Mountains, whose grand panorama
j unrolls before your eyes for 700 miles.
Let mo tell you about the trip. Drop
me a postal, or call.
W. D. SANBORN, Gen'l Agent Burlington Route,
631 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.
639_ Phone. Main 1188.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN HI. CO.
LESSSE
SAN FRANCISCO AMU NORTH PACIFIC
BAILWAT COMPANY.
Titraron Ferry, root of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN KAPAEI..
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:00 9:00. 11:00 a. m.;
12:35. 2:30. 3:10. 5:10. 5:50. «:30 and 11:30
P. m. .
Saturdays^ — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 7:30 8:00 8:30 11:00 a. m.;l:30.
2:3O. 3:40. 5:10 6:30. 11:30 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAZT PBAUCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05 8:50. 7:33. 7:50. 0:20,
11:15 a m.; 12:50. f2:00. 3:40. 5:00. 5:-J0.
6:25 p. in.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45 p. m
SUNDAYS— 6:50. 7:33 9:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:43.
3:40. 4:50. B:0O. B:2O. 6:10. 6:25 p. m.
+rcxcept" Saturdays.
i.rave I ' In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. I May 3. l»03._ |San Francisco.
Week I Sun- | Destlna- I Bun- I Week
Days. I df.ys. | tlon. | dayg. | Dari.
7:30 a 7:45 a 7:43 a
7:30 a 8:00 a K:iOa 8:40 a
8:00 a l«.::0a Ignacio. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:S0p 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:10 p 8:20 p 7:25 o
I . 7:23 p
7 :30 a 7 :30 a ; 7:45a 7:43 a
8:00 a 8:00a Xovato. 10:20a 10:20a
2:.:ttp 0:30 a Fetaluma ' fl:20p 6:20 p
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:23 p 7:2»p
5:10 p Sanla Rosa.
7:30 a 7:30 a 110:20 allO 20 a
8:0Oa 8:00a Fulton. |7:25p|6:20p
2:30 p 2:30 p I , | l\%l
Windsor " !
7:30 a 7:30a Healdsbur*;. 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyservllle 7:25 p 7-25 o
Cloverdale. ' v
7:30 at 7:30 al Hopland ifo^O a|10-20 a
2^30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:25 p| 7:23 p
~773o"af7":30a| WllllVs. | YI25~pTtT2S~p
8:00 al 8:00 at Camp Vacation. 110:20 all0-2O »
2:30 y\ 2:30 p| Guernevllle. | 7 :25 pl^'lo p
8:00 al 8:00 al Sonoma. | 8:40 al S-4oT
5:10 p| 5:10 p| Glen Elian.' I 6:00 p] 8J20 n
7:30 al 7:30 al (10:20 al!0-2o"I
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Sebartopol. | 7 :25 %Y^k p
STAG12S connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln. at Santa Rwa for White Sulohur
Springs: at Fulton for Altroria and Mark
West Springs; at Lytton for Lytton SDrlnn-
at Geyservllle for Skasss Springs; at Clov«*
dale for the Geysers. BoonevlUe a n d Cr^#n"
wood; at Hopland for Duncan Springs Hi»h
land Springs. Kelseyville, Carlsbad Sprinrl"
Soda Bay. Lamport and Bartlett Sprlnw- *«
Ukiah - for Vichy Springs. Saratoga SDrin«
Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter sSrlSf.'
Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley. John Da^l
Riverside, Llerly's. Bucknell's SanhXfiH.;
Heights. Hullvllle. Orr's Hot SprlnA filVf
way House. Comptche. Camp Steven?' HonI
kins. Mendoclno City. Fort Braetr Westnorr
Usal: ft Willita for Fort Brajfg WeitMrt:
Shervood. Cahto. Covelo. Laytonville &££.
tnlngs. Bell's Springs. HarrisT Olsen's Dy™
Garbervllle Pepperwood. Scotia and Eureka '
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. .
On. Sunday— Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half-rates. <¦
Ticket-office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
buildlnr- ¦ •
H. C. WHITING.-. ' R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Fa». Afit.NEW YORK, Aug. 5. — The hour for closing
I of to-day's stock market was hailed with re
lief by the highly strung members of the ex
¦¦:¦.• r<- The day was one of excitement and
alarm : and the facing awajr of the prices of
*4-cur!Ues was »o rapid and comprehensive as
to •rouae.grave fears of the consequences. The
antiMjncements of two failures were the only
two distressing developments, and neither of
them mat a surprise. Same of the day'* liqui
dation wa* supposed ts be of collateral on the
I loans at the failed firrr.B. although It was
[officially announced I:i one case that the crAl-
I ¦ • bad decided to withhold the collateral
!.'• ¦ ~j th« market in its present condition. It
pas very evident that a very general closing
but cf collateral in loans was in progress and
feiuch cf it was allowed to go for what lt
irould bring. 'As the demand for stocks is still
ixceedinrly light, the natural result was a de
ti. .riiizatsun of the market and the pressur*
*t*-w more acute from the reactionary selling
ir. forcing a shrinkage cf the collateral in
fitter loans. 60 t»x as the news of the day
wtt. concerned there wan very elender bads for
*»• tacrlflc* cf securities beyond the uneasy 1
¦•lire that collateral could not be readily real
*»d on and the consequent desire to convert
JBlr.to ready money. This is the essence
m <5ensr«-allzat'.on in any market and It had
itTJiatu'ral result to-day. Expectation was mt
t£« r.nrhcet pitch at the opening and demoral-
J«*tl<,n wm prevented only by the rao*t vl«r
«rou» and determined nupport on the part of
tht tanking Interest ana msj-ket-manarers for
2£«» , Prominent etocks. The io»Srt w£
««l*c:juiy notable In the United States Steel
•torks and succeeded in raising the price of
!i£ C rW\ a P, 01151 * nd the P«*««« 1% over
*¦* sishVM level. Tb» euj>;>cTt et tbeaeltocki
New York Stock Market.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, io%c; medium, 9%c; light. 8%c; Cow
Hides 8Vic for heavy and 8V4c for light; Stags,
7c- Salted Kip. 0c; Salted Veal, 0%c; Salted
Calf, 10c; dry Hides, 16%c; dry Kip, 13c; dry
Calf 18c; Sheepskins? shearlings. 25@30c each:
short wool. 40@50c each; medium. 70@U0c; long
woo), flffl 60 each; Horse Hides, salt. $2 75
for large and $2 25@2 60 for. medium. $2 for
small and 50c for Colts: Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 60 for medium. $1©1 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins— Dry
Mexican, 32%c: dry salted Mexican, 20c; dry
Central American. 33c. Goat Skins— Prime An
goras. 75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium, 35c;
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 4%©5c per' lb;
No.. 2. 4@4%c: grease. »%@3%c. •
¦¦ WOOL — Fall clip — San- Joaquln Lambs', 9®
12e # Foothill. :10<gl2c: Middle County. 11013c.
Quotations for spring clip are as follows: Hum
boldt and Mendoclno. 1S@20cj Nevada. 13015c;
Valley Oregon, fine. lS©l9c; do, medium, 17®
18c: do. coarse. 16@17c per lb. ,,,,^,^
¦ HOPS — 16@17%c to growers and 17%©20e
from dealers to brewers. ,
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAT. Aur. 8—4 p. nu
Bid.Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha OS 10 Julia 0.1 04
Alta C5 CS Justice 13 15
Andes" 08 CO Kentuck 03 04
Belcher 43 44 Mexican 135 140
Best A Belch.l 85 1 »0 Occidental ... S3 3A
Bullion 04 05 1 Ophlr 1 80 1 83
Caledonia 1 30 1 33; Overman .... 27 28
Challenge Con 45 40iPotosi 23 24
Chollar 22 24 Savage 21 22
Confidence ...1 20 1 301 Scorpion 04 C5
Con C A Va.l 60 1 65: Seg Belchsr. .. 15 IT
Con Imperial. O* Oft Sierra Nevada 6« 6»
Con NT 21 23 Silver Hill .. 7S 80
Crown Point.. -24 28 8 1 Louis 18 20
Eureka Con.. — 4Si Syndicate ... — 09
Exchequer ... 01 C2i Union Con .. 97 9»
Gould A Cur. 47 4SIUtah 33 S8
Hale & Norcs. 56 57iTellow Jacket 73 7*
Lady Wash .. — 08'
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid.Ask. Bld.Ask.
Colehan 17 — Rescue — 13
Esperanza ...» 05 C6 Ton Belmont.1 93% —
Eula Con .... 25 — ' Ton & CaJ. . . SS 39
Gipsy Queen.. 27 23 Ton Fraction.. — 73
Gold M Con. 00 — Ton A O W.. — C8
Lucky Tom .. — 15 Ton of Nev... 7 00 8 CO
MacNamara .. 20 22, Ton N Star... SI 63
Mlzpab Ex .. — 40'Ton Midway.. — 60
Mont Ton.. I 05 1 07%[Ton A S Laks 41 49
N T Ton .... 08 00 Ton Union .. 15 —
Paymaster ... — 23 Utopia — 88
Pine Grove .. 60 — !
EASTERN MARKETS.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creameries, H@18%c;
dairies 12%@17c. Eggs, steadier; at mark,
cases included, HSl.'lc. Cheese, steady; 10%
©lie to 12c. '
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 33,300 26,800
Wheat, bu 283.200 3,000
Com, bu 24S.00O 214,000
Oats, bu 42.1,400 100,400
Ry«». bu 15,200
Barley, bu 13,200 2,700
Provisions.
¦ Chicago •till reports « draKRirtg market.
This market shows bo further change, and is
quiet.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12%c per lb for
heavy, 13o for light medium. 15c for light,
15%c for extra light, 17%c for sugar-cured and
18%c for extra sUKar-eured; Eastern sugar
cured Hnms. 15*ic: California Hams. 15%c:
Mess Beef, $11 50® 12 per bbl: extra Mew, $12©
12 60: Family. $i:J CO; prime Mess Pork, $19;
extra clear. $25: Mem. $20: Dry Salted Pork.
12%c: Pig Pork, $28; Pigs' Feet, $5 25; Smoked
Be«f. 15c per 1b.
LARD — Tierces quoted at l%c per lb for
compound and 10@10ViC for pure; half barrels,
pure, lOV^QlC^c; 10-lb tins, 10%Sllc; 5-lb
tins. ll%c; ,'t-lb Una, lHic.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel, 0%c; three
half barrels. «%c; one tierce. 0%c; two tierces,
OVic; five tierces. 0%c per lb.
Har.ford — Peaches excellent quality; large
crop; drying full blast.
Hollister — Eartlett Pears ripe; large crop;
fine quality.
Willows — Warehouses filling with grain. .
Livermore — Hay field below expectations.
Colusa — Grapes in market good quality; crop
trtU ta large. Pears ripening rapidly.
Napa — Prunes large tize; fair crop.
¦Clov«-rd>le — Fruit condition* unchanged.
Stocktos — Local canneries running full blast,
roaches and peara.
.-arts floss — Crop conditions favorable.
Palermo — Orange trees putting on a new
growth and <*roj> ]ook» well.
Santa Maria — Growing bean crop will prob
ably yield like last year, but acreage somewhat
less. A. G. MeADIE. Section Director.
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS
! Corn products have moved up 50c per ton. In
1 Fympathy with the raw gialn. The other
! Feeds tuffs are unchanged. Ifay Is easy under
continued heavy receipts and prices show some
shading. The circular of Sorners & Co. says:
¦ '"Hay shipments have been very heavy dur
! ing the pant week, the total with to-day's ar
rivals beine 6300 tons, more than double the
quantity that would be ordinarily consumed In
one wef-k's • time. On comparing- the records
with last year's account we flnrt, that the corre
f-ponuinK week of 1001! ahowPd arrivals of 4500
tons. The week previous, however. showed
5800 tons, which . was noted ns about the
heaviest week's arrivals >in thf history of the
trade. The cry for cars la still heard In many
diatrlcte. for certain sections seem especially
favored, while others are compelled to hold
back their hay with but an occasional chance
to semi In a few carloads.
"Under pressure of these heavy receipts
the market has been a bit softer. Wo can
hardly quote any material chango In prices,
but the feeling has naturally been quite weak.
From -all reports this influence haa extended
EomewhHt into the country and buyers do not
seem nearly as eager. a*. they have been during
the pant levy weeks. Quite a portion of the
n-op has heen bought up, however, so there is
little trading yet to bo done. What still re
mains unsold will .probably chance hands at
somewhat lower figures than have been noted
during July. . %
' "There in no change in the outlook, for the
fairly' jrood demand ' continues frfcm outside
points, mpny* consumers now stocking up for
their winter's supply. One dis<-ouraglug report
haa come In of late to tho effect that many
district* that tire now buying hay through
the San Francisco market have quite a bit of
hay of their own. Thia is being held at such
prices, however, that buyers have gone else
where. Later tho farmers must surely dispose
of their holdings with the consequence that our
market will have to suffer later on.
¦ "We still note a scarcity of strictly gilt
edge wheat hay, most everything now arriving
being good wheat hay."
BRAN— $24 50ig25 BO Der ton. *
MIDDLINGS— f 27ig30 oer ton.
SHORTS— $24<g 25 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $23@24 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26@26 50:
Jobbing. $27@27 50: Cocoanut Cake, none here:
Corn Meal, $.13 50tf?34 60; Cracked Corn. $34®
,35; Mixed Feed, $23024; Horse Beans, $30 per
ton. ¦ ' *
HAT — Wheat, $11«13 5Q: Wheat and Oat.
$1(J@12; Oat, $0Q!l2 50; Barley, $9@11: Clover.
$8 60611; Stock, $8®9; Alfalfa, $8 50® 10 50
per -ton.
. STRAW— 60@60c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s
K 5 n '£ D <
= 5 §| is ?• 1% 1%
. STATIONS. 32S 3 =5- i» f- a 
*'. c = ZZ • • :
¦• •* 5 2 • •
!* * £» " " •
* '¦'¦£• 2 • '¦ -
Cloverdal* ?% Cl 771 Clear 7771 71
Colusa M 64 ... Clear
Eureka «O f.2 .04 Cloudy W 8
Fresno 100 58 ... Clear NW b
Har.rord 100 57 ... Clear
Hcllister S4 50 ... Lt. Fog W
Independence ... »2 t>4 ... Clear S 12
King Cltr fe3 61 ... Clear N Brek.
l.ivertnore .75 T>2 ... Clear ....
Ix» Ar.reles 7S M ... Clear
-•-*:.- M 48 ... Oear SW
Newman fc7 4l» ... Clear
Palermo »0 M ... Clear ... **
rortervlll* 97 67 ... <~lear NW
Red Bluff WS M ... near KE Lt"
Riverside 0(J 63 ... Hear ....
Sacramento .... R2 C2 ... Clear S ii
Ban Diego 70 «2 ... Clear NW 12
J-an Francisco... «.4 52 ... Clear S H
San Jo«e 74 L2 ... Clear ....
8. L. Obli-po 74 U> ... Clear W Lt"
Panta Maria Clear W Lt'
hii.ta Rosa R2 40 ... Clear
fctovkton h5 59 ... Clear
Willows fcS 63 ... Clear BE
WEDNESDAT. Aug. 5r-2 p. m.
UNITED STATES B.ONDS. »
Bid.Ask, - - ... BId.Ask.
4r qr coup..lC0%Ul% 4s q c (new)134%135%
4s qr reg...lO9%lll% 3s qr coup.. — 108
\ .MISCELLANEOUS.
Ala A W 5s. — — \ Do 5s — 114
Bay CPC 5s. — 105%! Do con 5s. — 105
n:O4E5s- — O W C g 5s. — lOO
Cal G & E g Oceanio SC5s — —
m and ct5a '— 10O Om C R Cs.. — 12S
Cal-st C 5«. — — Pac G Imp4s 05 100
C C Wat Os.100 — P E Ry 5s..l0ti —
Kd L & P 6». — — }P * C R Cs. — 105
K Cl R 6s.. 116% — IP & O R 6s. — —
Geary-st R5s 40 60 1 Powell-»t Cs.116% —
H CAS 5%*.102% — S E O4R 5s. — 103%
H C & S 5s. 05 — SF & SJV5s.ll»%120i 4
Hon R T 6s. — 103 S R of C Us.110%112%
L A Elec 5j. — — S P of A 6s
L A Ry 5s..U2%114% (1909) — 108%
L A L Co 6s. — — (1010) 108 —
Do gtd fis — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 58.106 — (1906)Sr A.103% —
LAP lem 6».103%104% (10O5)Sr B. — 105%
Mkt-st O «a. — 122*; (19C6) ...107 —
Do lem 5a.U7 — (1012) ....117% —
N R of C 6s.lC5%107 S P C lcgSs.120% —
N R C(ofC)53 — 120U Do stmp-1.107% —
N P C RR5s. — 109% S P B R fa. — 140
N O Ry r.a.. — 114% S V Wat 69.107 —
N C P 5s... — 100% Do 4s 2dm. — 100
N 8 R ft«... 100 Do 4 S Tdm. — 100
O G L H 6s.tlO — Ftkn OAK (to. 95 —
Oak T 6s — 122% I U G &E 5s. 105 107
WATER STOCKS.
Contra CosU P7 61 Port Costa.. «M 66%
Marln Co •• C0% — Spring Val.. 82*4 —
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP — 5VA Sac E GAR. 39 —
Eqult Gas... 4% 5 S F G A E.. 67% 68%
Mutual E L. 12% 12% S F Gas 3 3%
Pac G Imp.. 52^ — Stkn G & E. B —
Pac L Co... 55% 58%! U G A E 34% —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. 65% —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.325 ' —
BANK STOCKS.
Am Natl Bk.125 — lLon P A A.. 165 —
Anglo-Cal ... 93% — iMerch Trust. — 260
pank of Cal.521 — Merch Ex .. 65 T. 5
C S D A T.142%160 S F Natlonl — —
First Nationl — — ' ;
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & I*. — 2275 Sav A L So. 02% —
Hum SAL. — — Sec Sav Bk..40O 500
Mutual Sav.. 95 Union T Co. 2150 —
S F Sav U..60O 750 \
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..200 — (Presidio .... 35 45
Geary — 60 |
POWDER.
Giant 69 70 /Vlgorit :.... 8 6%
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. 2c 10c IKIlauea S C. — . 8
Hawaiian C 44 46 jMakawel! C. 20 23
Honokaa S C t- 13 Onomea S C. 22% —
Hutch S P C 13 — IPaauhau S C 14 15
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack. 143 144% i Oceanic S Co 7 —
Cal Fruit As 80 00%! Pac A F A.. 2% —
Cal Wine Aa — OS iPac C Borx.166 —
Morning Session.
Beard—
6 Alaska Packers' Assn 142 50
B Alaska Packers' Assn (cash).... 142 60
5 Hutchinson S P Co '. 12 37%
6 Paauhau S P Co 14 50
20 Pacific Lighting 68 CO
$1000 8 P of Arizona (1000).. 107 50
10 Spring Valley Water 82 25
35 Spring Valley Water ». 62 00
$6000 S V 4 per cent bonds (2d rntg).. 00 50
200 SavlngV"* Loan. Society 05 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
5 Alaska Packers' Assn ..143 60
5 Alaska Packers' Assn 144 00
10 California Fruit Canners 00 CO
05 Hutchinson S P Co 13 CO
40 Mutual Electee Light ' 12 75
25 Pacific. Gas Imp ....52 50
Stock and Bond Exchange.
The ship Denderah took out for Hamburg
418.84.1 lbs of Prunes, valued at $U2GS.
NEW FRUIT— Apricots, <i%(g'Jc for Royals
and U@10c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples,
o'/yf?0%fc: Peachvs. 4%<!i7c for fair to good
stock; Pears, nominal at 7c.
OLD FRUIT— Evaporated Apples. 4@5%c:
pun-dried, :f&4c: Peaches, 41J5%c; I'ears. 40
4%c for quarters and 5<f'J%c ror halves; Nec
tarines. 4&Sc for white; Plums, 4©tic for pitted
and lfrl%<.- for unpitted; Figs, 3%®4c for black
and 4*/5c for white.
PRUNES — 1001! crop, 2%{t2%c for the four
eIzcs, with \j<if \c premium tor the large sizes.
RAISINS — 1902 crop are quoted as follows:
2-crown loose Muscatels, 60-lb boxes. 5Vio per
lb; 3-crown F>%c; 4-crown, 6c; Seedless, loose
Muscatels, 5c; Seedless Sultanas. 5c; Seedle»s
Thompsons, 5%c; 2-crown London Layers, 20
lb boxes. SI 40 per box: 3-crown, $1 50: 4
crown fancy clusters. 20-lb boxes. $2; 2-crown
lVhesas. 20-lb boxes, $a f>0; G-crown Imperials,
20-lb boxes. $3; Seeded, f. o. b. Fresno, fancy.
1-lb carton*, 7% c; choice, 7%c.
' NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 sottshell, 12%©l.'5c;
No. 1', 10i/.<i?ll%c; No. 1 hardshell, 11%®12c;
No. .2, 10#10%e; Almonds, lie for Nonpareils,
]0%frllc for 1 X L, 10@10%c for Ne Plus Ul
tra and 8?rS%c for Languedoc; Peanuts, 5@7c
for Eastern ; Pecans, 1 Iff 13c; Cocoanuts, $1 50
@5.
HONEY — Comb. new. nominal: new water
white extracted. 5%@«c: light amber extract
ed. 5@5%c; dark, nominal.
BEESWAX— 27@20c per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins, Honey.
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin.
For the twenty-four hours en<5ir.g 5 p. m..
120th meridian time, San Francisco, Aug. 5:
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are as
1 follows: Graham Flour, $3 50 per 10O lbs; Rye
Flour. $3 25; Ry« Meal. $3; nice Flour. $7:
• Corn Meal, $3 50; extra cream do, $4 25: Oat
• Groats. $4 50; Hominy, $4 25@4 £•»; Buckwheat
i Flour. |4 50@4 75; Cracked. Wheat. ¦ $3 75; Fa
1 rina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 75; Rolled
1 Oats, bbls, $7©8 <>0; in sacks, $0 50$ & 10;
! Pearl Barley, $0; Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
i Peas, $5 50 per 1C0 lbs. .
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 60*9
4 85, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 00?* I 60;
Oregon and Washington, $.» UIH&4 20 per bbl
j for family and $.'{ 'MHH 40 for Bakers'.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Ex-dlvldend vesterday: Chutes Company. 6c;
Pacific Lighting Company, regular monthly. 33c
per share, amounting to $12,850; Onomea Sugar
Company, regular monthly. 20c.
At the annual meeting of the stockholders of
the Merchants' Exchange Bank of San Fran
cisco (In liquidation) the old board of directors
was re-elected, composed of Edward Coleman,
J C. Coleman. J. H. Neff. Nicholas Ohlandt.
Alvinza Hayward. ' A: F. -Morrison Edward
KruFe Jr.. Charles A. Laton and Walter T.
Kellogg. Edward Coleman was re-elected pres
ident; Charles A. Laton. vice president, and
W. A. M. Van Bokkelen. secretary.
In the afternoon Alaska Packers rosa to
$144 and Hutchinson Sugar to $13. The gas
stocks were firm, with an upward tendency.
Pacific Auxiliary Fire Alarm has declared a
dividend of 5c for the quarter, payable on the
11th.
Local securities continued dull on the morn
ing session, with a further recovery in Alaska
Packers to $142 50 and a sale of Savings and
Loan Bank at fO5. The oil stocks continued
inactive.
CaFh quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 2 spring wheat, BlQSSc; No. 3.
78680c; No. 2 red, 7R%<SJ7»%c; No. 2 corn.
ril%(332 1 ,ic; No. 2 yellow, 62%c; Nc. 2 oat?,
:n<ff35Vic: No. 2 white. * 34 Vie: No. ,1 whltf,
3iMG3S&e: No. 2 rye. 50%@51c; No. 1 flax
peed. 93c; No. 1 Northwestern, 07c; prims
timothy s»ed, $3iJ?3 25; ttipss pork, per bbl,
$13 45013 60; lard, per 1M) lbe, *7 72%@7 75:
ehort ribs »ldes (loose). $7 70<B7 95; dry salted
phouldero (boxed>. »7 5O<g7 B7%; short clear
sldmi (boxed). $% 37%®8 60; clover, contract
grade, $12@12 50.
Oats, No. 2 —
September 34% 34% 34% .1414
December W>% 35% 35 3514
May S~% 37% 30% 37
Mes« pork, per bbl —
September 13 C5 13 65 13 CO 13 65
Lard, per 100 lbs—
September 7 i». r > 7 f>5 7 02% 7-52'4
October 7 75 7 75 7 72% 7 72%
Bhort ribs, per 100 lbs—
September 8 !'-'% R 12% R 07% 8 10
October 7 05 7 05 7 02% 7 92%
Low. Close,
Wheat, No. 2 —
September, old. R0% KO% 7!!^ 79%
September, new. SI 81 78», 70%
December, new. XI *i M«4 SUV 8O'{,
May l 8-l^i 83% 82%. S2%
Corn. No. 2—
September B24 62% f.1% 52%
December 52% 52Ji M% 51%
May 62% VZ% 52 62
Articles
CHICAGO. Aug. 5. — There was a firm open-
Ing In wheat due to the higher cables and to
the continued rains throughout the Northwest.
September being V4®V«c higher at SO%®Blc.
All the outside markets were strong early In
the day. and this was a bull factor here during
the first few minutes of trading and helped to
hold prices temporarily, but so much long
wheat came out on the advance that prices be
gan to decline steadily. The Northwest mar
kets, which had been strong early, had quite
a severe decline later In the day, on predictions
of more favorable weather for that section of
th« country and this fact aided in the down
turn. Extreme weakness prevailed the latter
part of the day and September declined to
79%c. closing at 70 ! J 8 @79%c. a net loss of
Trading In corn was rather quiet and gov
erned largely by the action of wheat. Favor
able weather for the crop restrained the bulls,
and small receipts held the bears in check.
The Illinois corn report, making the condition
of the crop 73 on August 1 against 78 last
month, had a strengthening influence, but the
weakness in wheat overbalanced all other fac
tors. The close was weak with September %
C'ic lower at 62 Vic
Oats ruled quiet throughout' the entire day
and prices were Influenced mainly by the
course of other grains. •
Trading was mostly oJ a local character.
September closed %c lowtr at 34V&C.
Provisions were exceedingly dull and prices
were inclined to droop. September pork closed
2^4 lower at $13 05. September lard was un-
changed at $7 02ft. while ribs were off 2ViQ5c
at $S 07^??8.10.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
* TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
11,000 Esperanza . 00! 400 Paymaster .. 15
600 Gipsy Queen.. 28) 600 Ton Belmont.l 05
600 MacNamara, . 20i 300 Ton & Cal... 3J»
100 Mont Ton I 10' 100 Ton N Star.. 81
Afternoon Session.
2000 Esperansa ... 06| 600 Ton A Cal... 38
800 Mont Ton..l 07% I 70O Ton N Star.. 51
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on tne Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Belcher 43 300 Seg Belcher.. 15
500 Con NT.... 23 300 Sierra Nev... %5O
200 Con NT.... 22: 300 Sierra Nev... 63
300 Gould & Cur. 43! 100 Union Con... 9O
ICO Mexican ...1 27^1 150 Unior* Con... »1
100 Mexican 125 70O Utah 34
200 Overman 2rti 200 Utah Srt
300 Savage lui 20O Tel Jacket.... TZ
Afternoon Session.
600 Andes 00' 500 Mexieaa 1 SO
300 Andes OS 100 Potosl .23
200 Belcher 45 : SCO Savage 21
800 Challenge ... 45: 100 Sierra Nev... M
ICO Con C & V.I 57 m 200 Union Con... 04
200 Con C & V...1 eOi 2tO Tel Jacket.... 74
200 Gould & Cur. 44 300 Tel Jacket.... 73
800 Gould & Cur. 46!
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock Exchanee yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Alpha 1O : 400 Con N T.... 23
200 Andes 07* 600 Crown Point.. -23
200 Belcher 42; 200 Gould & Cur. 44
200 Best & Belch. 1 001 100 Sierra Nev... 5i>
100 Challenge ... 45| 100 Union Con... 8T
100 Con Cal & V.I 60 200 Utah M
3000 Con Imperial. 04j
Afternoon Session.
800 Bullion 05 200 Mexican 1 3O
100 Chollar .;.... 22 100 Potosl '. 23
300 Con Cal & V.I 60 10O Savage- 21
©70O Con Imperial. 04 BOO Scorpion 04
100 Confidence ...I 25 000 Scorpion 05
400 Con NY 20 100 Utah 3rt
100 Crown Point.. 23 200 Tel Jacket.... 73
100 Hale & Norc. 53
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Mining Stocks.
60 Kern Oil 9 25
175 Home- Oil , » 8s>
Street —
500 Sovereign Oil 40
20W> Independence Oil 17
Afternoon Session.
1000 Occidental Oil JS
1000 Reed Crude Oil ~ 40
Mornlns Session.
Board—
1000 Reed Crude Oil 40
ICO Home Oil (b 5) 2 9O
200 Home Oil ~ 2 90
Street — .
100 S F Gas & Electric Co 6S 60
Street —
25 Pacific Gas Imp 82 6O
40 Pacific Lighting 66 00
California Stock and Oil Exchange
coast of CaiiicraJa. rt Is «nuch cooler In the
Hi'-rarnento arid Fan Joaquln valley*, but
»arm»r*E!ong the coast.
Hiph winds are reported in Southern Utah
and at Point Reyt-s.
Klin Ji&* ;al!en in Northern Ariror.a
Forecast made a.t San Fra.nci«oo for thirty
hoiaT • Tti- . : i. midnight. August 6:
Northern California — Cloudy Thursday with
lirkt showers in extreme northern portion;
wc.rrr.fr; fresh southerly winds.
Southern California — Cloudy Thursday;
warmer; fresh southwest winds.
Nevfcrta — Cloudy: warmer Thursday.
Kan Francieco and vicinity— Fair Thursday;
fre*h westerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. MeADIE.
District Forecaster.
A moderate di*turb«Tioe has developed over
Idsho and will probably move slowly #outh
?¦af'cward. Thundert>tcrm» are reported" in Ore
»ron and Hirht rain has fallen nn the northern
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
OREGON
Wheat, etls 53.300 Wool, bales ..... 28
Bran, sks 2,74sl
Flour, qr sks. . .14,722 Feed, sks 75
Wheat, ctls 5,257 Pelts. No 4,734
Barley, ctls 6.230 Hides, No 1,313
Oats, ctls 4,180'Tallow. ctls .... 271
Corn, ctls 625i Leather, rolls .. 63
Beans, sks S5JWine. grals 40.9S0
Potatoes, sks ... 1,200, Raisins, bxs 1,500
Onions, sks .... 410 Sugar, ctls 400
Bran, sks 235 Paper, reams . . . 633
Middling*, sks .. BOSiChicory. bbls .. 25
Hay, tons 655; Lime, bbls 317
Wool, Dales 275'
FOR WEDNESDAY. AUGUST &
Receipts of Produce.
B. Cohn, 653 Washington street, report
ed to the police ota Tuesday that a boy 17
years of age, who was sent to his store
from an employment agency at 635 Wash
ington street, had stolen a ring set with
three diamonds. It was in a green plush
box. The boy had given the name of H.
Stap and his address the Howard Hpuse.
on Howard street. The boy was la^r ar
rested by Policeman Clay. •
Accused of Stealing a Bing.
3 £5 !?¦ S3 & %
S fill £§ U I
r 1 £." u ¦ "* e
• ° • • c c : • s
: ? ? : : :
B&Jcer SS. 7* 8S 46 PE Pt Cldy -O0
Carson 23^KS 79 44 W Clear .00
Eureka 30. »« «30 R2 W Cioudy .08
Fresno .'. 2S.K2 1<iO 65 NW Clear -00
nagstaff 29.78 S5 C4 NW Cloudy .04
Independency*. 29. 74 «2 64 S Clear .00
Los AngHe*. ,29.82 78 f>6 SW Clear .00
St. Tamalpais23.I/8 70 H NW Clear .00
North H»ad £2
rfe<wnix 29. d 106 80 W Clear .00
Pocatello .-...29.78 PO 60 8 Clear .O0
Por%!«.n<l '.S>.»4 T«3 4S SW Pt Cldy T.
Point RVyes.. :».«:! !S6 60 NW Clear .00
Red Bluff 29.88 8*5 f.0 FE Clear • .00
Roaebarr 3H.02 72 46 NW Clear .02
Sacramento ..29.SS F2 52 fi Clear .00
fait Lake ...:». 7'> V2 7ft SE Clear .00
San Franciseo.2v.»S r>4 4S W Clear .00
P. L. Ob!*po..2J>. < .«2 74 fiO W Clear .00
fean Diepo ...20.M 70 «2 NW Clear .00
Seattle ...... .20. »4 7rt S2 W rMoudy .00
Fr^kane T.i.HS M TC NE Clear .00
Tat'K>6h 2».96 «9 Trf> NW Clear .00
¦Wsdia. Wa:!a.£9.74 f>2 63 N Cloudy .0u
Wintwmucca .29.«0 M .V) \V Clear .00
Yuma 29.CS 102 SO SW Clear .CO
APRICOTS — Are firm on spot with some de
mand reported for future shipment. ' Choice are
quoted at 8(g8%c and fancy at IO®12c. •
PEACHES — Rule steady and quiet with
choice quoted. at 7®!%c and^ancr. at. 8&10%c.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The "market con
tinues quiet and steady. Common are quoted
at 4f5V4c: prime. 0% 06c; choice, 6%Q0--!e;
fancy, 6%5?7%c.
PRUNES— Attract fair Jobbing demand and
rule steady to firm with the larger sizes show
ing a somewhat hardening tendency- though
prices still range from 'J. to 7c for all grades.
COFFEE— Spot, quiet. Futures closed easy,
net unchanged to 10 points lower; Sales 19,000
bags. Including: September 3.K5c; December,
4.1("g4.15c; March. 4.25<g4.35c; May, 4.4O@4.45c
SUGAR — Firm.
DRIED FRUITS.
WOOI Firm
WHEAT — Receipts, 33,775 bushels; spot,
steady. No 2 red." 83%c elevator; No. 2 red,
84%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth,
96fc,c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba,
WftjC f. o. b. afloat. Options opened firm and
higher on strength in outside markets, after
which It gave way under liquidation, becoming
weak in the afternoon and closed %0%c net
lower. May. S6TkS88^c. cloeed 87c: Septem
ber, S4V4S : S5 13-16c. closed 84%c; December,
85Vi@S5^c closed h5%c.
HOPS — Steady.
PETROLEUM— Steady.
HIDES— Quiet.
NEW YORK, Aug. 5.— FLOUR— Receipts,
29,421 barrels; exports. 14,259 barrels. Quiet
but firmly held.
New York Grain and Produce.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
6AN FRANCISCO. Aug. 5—5 p. o.
Weather Report.
PLUMS — 50@75c per crate and 30@50c per
box; large open boxes, CC@75c; to canners, $15
©20 per ton.
NECTARINES— R0<375c per box or crate. >
. APRICOTS — 40@5Cc tor small boxes and C0@
85c for large; to canners, $15(ff25 per ton.
PEACHES — 25(8 50c for small boxes and 40®
75c for large; baskets from the river, 20@40c.
MELONS— Cantaloupes.- $1®1 25 for small
crates and $1 3<><g2 for large crates from Wtn
ters. and the river; Nutmeg Melons, 50(g75c per
box or crate: Watermelons, $5@_'O per hundred.
GRAPES— Fontalnebleau, 50<g€5c per box or
crate; Seedless. 7.'.c?i$l 25 per box or crate;
other varieties, 7. r »fl'f>0c psr box or crate.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. *1 50®
2 CO per box; Seedlings, fligl 25; Valencias,
$1 S063; St. Michaels, $2@3; Mediterranean
Sweete, $1 25*il 60; Lemons. G0c@$2-50: Grape
Fruit. $1@1 25: Mexican Limes, $484 50; Ba
nanas, $1 50®-' 50 per bunch for Central Amer
ican and 75c© ?1 50 for Hawaiian; Pineapples,
$1 50@2 50 per dozen.
FIGS — 73c(g$l 25 per box.
APPLES — <5Oc<5$l per box for choice and lan
cy and 35i?C0c for common; Crabapples, 25@40c
for small boxes and SO@65c.for large.
PEARS— Bartletts, 75c<3*l for wrapped: large
cpen boxes. 75c®?l for No. 1 and 25^>40c for
No. 2; to eanners, $20@H5 per ton for No. 1;
Dearborn Seedlings, 50060c for large open
boxes. '
Conditions In the fruit market stood about
the same as previously reported and prices of
fruit in small packages had but little change.
One canner was In the -market for Aprlcota,
and a» there was no competition he was able
to secure a considerable quantity at his own
price. The leading canners were still heav
ily supplied with Bartlett . Pears and were not
handling Peaches. Apricots or Plums. Fancy
Pears were In somewhat limited supply, and
No. 2 stock, which was plentiful, moved more
freely in consequence. There was a fair
inquiry for choice fruit for shipment
north, but orders • were not sufficiently
numerous to permit any advance in prices.
Plums, FIgrs and choice Nectarines were rather
scarce and steady, but other descriptions con
tinued to arrive .freely and were generally
easy. Seedless Grapes arrived freely from
several sections, but moved telowly, most of
the offerings being poor and eour. Other
Grape* were in free supply and dull. Water
melons and Cantaloupes were unchanged with
supplies plentiful. Nutmeg Melons were abun
dant and easier. Attractive lots of Raspber
ries. Blackberries and large Strawberries con
tinued to sell readily at good prices. Receipts
of Longworth Strawberries were light, but as
they came to hand soft and badly shaken up
prices ranged lower.
. Aside from a firmer feeling In Mexican
Limes, which were moving off well, there was
nothing new to report In Citrus or Tropical
fruits.
STRAWBERRIES— $4@7 per chest for Long-,
worths and ?3 B0@5 for the larger varieties.
RASPBERRIES— $4«7 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $2 6O(ft4 per ohest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— SSOc per lb.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Total .- $425,321
The collections In July. 1902, were $440,057.
, ¦¦• Open. . High. Low.-: Close,
...$l 08 $1 08 $1 08 $1 CS -.
OATS — Show no change. Receipts are mod
erate, the demand is fair and holders continue
White. $1 20®l 30; Black. »1 12%®1 20:
Red", f 1 12>4®1 17H for common and 91 20®
1 30 : for choice; Gray, nominal.
CORN— Quotations show some change In the
direction of still higher prices for yellow.' The
market Is utlll practically bare. California
large Yellow, $1 57«4£1 «2%: small round d6.
$1 70@l 75: White, |1 E5Q-1 t ! U: Egyptian, $1 43
@1 CO for White and $1 4PS1 V 45 for lirown.
RYE— $1 17V4@1 22% per ctl. '
UUCKVVHEAT— $2 26&2'50 per ctl.
3d. m. ¦ session.
Open. High. Low. Close,
December ...?1 08% $1 m% |1 07% fl 08,
.. FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
Internal' Revenue Collections.
The collections cf internal revenue in Ban
Francisco during the month of July were as
follows:
Lists $ 8.102
Bwr 82,733
Fpirits *. 71.832
C.gsrs and Cigarettes 1S.041
PnuIT 37
Tobacco l.*50
Facials 243,307
3'layins Caxfis 19
was helped by the fact that some of the de
velopments which were feared from yester
day's meeting, of directors did not occur. As
the weakness of these stocks was a patent fac
tor in the weakness of yesterday's market,
the strong support accorded them had a sooth
ing effect on sentiment. The result was a
pretty general recovery from the opening de
clines. Then came the announcement . of the
first failure, that of an Important house with
commitments in a variety of stocks. From
that time until the close the liquidation was
intermittently pursued with occasional rallies
on thort covering. There was an eager rush
to cover among the bears in the final dealings,
but even then there were renewed breaks at
other points, and the closing was extremely
nervous and excited, with very Irregular fluc
tuations. The United States Steel stocks suf
fered comparatively small losses, but both the
common and the preferred and the sinking
fund five per cent bonds touched low records
during the day. Liquidation In Missouri Pa
cific was very latent and it suffered an ex
treme Io58 of 6%. Much of the liquidation in
this stock was attributed to the account of one
of the suspended firms. It carried down Wa
bash preferred five points with it. Erie was
very heavily sold as the day progressed. The
Pacifies and Grangers were under steady pres
sure during most of the day. The violent de
clines In the Colorado and Southern stocks, the
Southern Railway stocks and Virginia-Caro
lina Chemical were associated with the fail
ures. Some of the high priced comparatively
Inactive stocks were severe sufferers. Ameri
can Snuff breaking 15 and New York Air
brake, Pullman, Consolidated Gas. General
Electric and Chicago and Eastern Illinois cer
tificates from 5 to 10 points.
Call loans we.i slightly firmer, but there was
nothing in the time money market to explain
th« pressure to retire loans. A further eharp
break in sterling exchange caused an approach
in the rate toward the *old-lmport point.
Profit-taking in the grain market was a satis
factory development, which was offset, how
ever, by the continued speculative manipula
tion In cotton. A cut in price of Eteam coal
by the Reading an<l talk of a Rock Island
Ftrike, which was denied, were made some
thing of by the beam. Satisfactory reports of
railroad earnings, including a 13 per cent in
ereas« in gross earnings for July over last
year by the New York Central, were -with
out any Influence upon sentiment.
Bonds were weak In Ej-mpathy with stocks.
Total sales (par value), tt. 640,000.
United Htates bonds were aJl unchanged on
laet call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 71.110 50% 87 *7i;
Atehison rfd 3.200 87% S« 86
Bait & Ohio 60,499 80*4 7s% 78T4
Ua!t & Ohio pfd... 2,208 S5<* £5 85U
¦ Canadian Paclnc. .. 7.S15. 121% lZO 121
Central of X J ....• . 155
Chesap & Ohio .... 4.400 30 ZSi 26T4
Chi & Alton .... l.*0O.<-.2O% ll>v 19*£
Chi > Alton pfd. ..^_. 500 ¦ 63 i.£2% fi*»2 I
Chi & G Western.. 7,900 14% fr l3% 13
Chi & G W B pfd. 4«tO- 2tt% 28% "9
Chi & r-orthwestn. 2.000 1«52 15S 158^4
Chi Term & Trns. . 3oO 94 8*4 8^
Chi Term & T pfd. 500 1S?4 18 lgtZ
C C C & St Loulfl.. <M2 TO 68 tjjL?
Colo Southern 2,625 12*1 11 u, ii£
Col3 South 1st pfd. 3,425 50 46 46
Colo South 24 pfd.. 5,120 18% 17 - n
tvi * H u <i,snn .-... l.coo 160 t034 ir.ri«
! Del Lack & West 230
litaiir q: lilo U... 450 22 1W'4 *»0
Denver <fc R G pfd. 1.2'5O 77 73 72
Erie C5.B10 27% 23',i 4 £{K
Erie 1st r>fd 9..190 C5>4 C3'4 63$i
Erie 2d pfd 1,750 48% 45i| 45Z?
Great Northern pfd 100 170 170 170
Hucking Valley cqx>
Hocking Val pfd... 700 83. R2% 81 &
Illinois Central ... 3,100 127% 12«U 126V4
Iowa Central 200 17 17 16
Iowa Central pfd 32
K C Southern 400 19?4 10 19
K C Southern pfd. 200 30% 36 ' 35U
Louis & Nash ...• 6, COO 10H4 s«« 'M\>.
Manhattan L 4.700 132%; 130 130U
Metropolitan St Ry 4.O00 115% 113U 114
Missouri Pacific .. 67,»00 95% 89 90
Mo Kan & Texas.. 2,300 ' 1S% 10*4 17
Mo Kan & T pfd.. 300 38% 30 ' 36
Nt R R of Mex pfd W0 38 37 35%
N Y Central 14,500 118% 11 G% lHj^
Norfolk & Western 3.875 tilfc 50% 5314
Norf 6l West pfd S3
Ontario & Western 11.000 22% 1!2 20% I
Peennpylvania 37,300 121*4 120 120
Pitts C C & St L. . 400 I 5» f>7>,4 57V4 '
Reading 41,700 47^ 45V4 45%
Reading 1st pfd... 4C0 SO 80 80
Reading 2d pfd... 700 C5% C3% C5
Rock Island Co SO.loO 21% 20 20%
Rock Island Co pfd 2,200 61 &9 r.n
Bt Louis ASF 60
St L & 8 F 1st pfd ' 70
Pt L & S F 2d pfd 45
ft Louis HW 700 13% 13 12 :
St Louis S W pfd.. 1.20<> 29»4 25 23 ',
St Paul 45,200 137% 1 133 135^4
St Paul pfd 200 17014 170% 169
Southern Pacific .. 29,10") 41% Xi% 39%
Southern Railway. 12,000 19 17% 17%
Southern Ry pfd... 2,700 82% 79% 80%
Texas A Pacific... 6,000 24% 22 21%
Tol St L & West 18
To! St L & W pfd. 360 27 25 25
Union Pacific ...,. 64,700 71% CA% «»%
Union Pacific pfd.. 100 85 S3 84H
Wabash 2.900 20*6 18 18
Wabaih pfd fl,800 34% 29% 30
W & Lake Erie ... 1,300 I5U 14 14
Wisconsin Central. 800 17% 10 10%
Wisconsin Cent pfd tJOO 37% 3<$ 35
Express Companies^ —
Adams 100 221 221 221
American ."UX» ImO 17CV4 178
fnlted States 100 !>S»i 9S>4 »5
Wflls-Fareo 105
MUrtlUneous —
Amal Copjwr 2S.700 ?A% 37 37*i
Am<T Cir t F 400 X\% 30 30
Amrr Car & F pfd. 400 82 82 81%
Amer L Oil S%
Amer L Oil pfd ,11
Anif-r Loco 2,300 16% 15% 16%
Amer Loco pfd 2.0<X> 81 79$i 80
Amer S & Ref :i,700 41% 40>* 41*4
Amer S & Kef pfd. 1,000 R» S7% HH
Amtr Sugar Ref... 29>00 JJ2»i 110 110%
Anaconda Mln Co.. 400 70 «9% (!7%
Brooklyn It Trans. 10,O<)0 42% 40% 42
Colo Fuel &. Iron... 400 42^4 40 40%
Col & Hock Coal... 1.400 14 12% . 12
Cons Gas 1.1.400 17«% 171% 173
Gen Electric 4,400 155 151 1C3
Inter Paper 2,500 II 10 10
Inter Paper pfd , <Vl
Inter Pump 35
Int*-r Pump pfd 70
Nat Biscuit 700 35V4 34 34 %
Nat Lead 600 14 13 12%
Nor American .... 1,»00 73% 71 71%
Pacific Mull 1,400 20 17 17%
People's Gas 6,500 M 91 92
Pressed S Car 1,500 40% 33 3fl%
Pressed S Car pfd. 600 80% SO 80
Pullman Pal Car.. 300 210V* 210 208
Republic Steel 2.800 11 10 0%
Republic Steel pfd. 1.4O0 «3 fll% et
Rubber Goods SOO 1316 13 I29i
Rubber Goods pfd. 300 64 fi2 63
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 1.600 87% 35% 35%
U S Leather J.500 7% 7 7
V, 5 If ath * r pfd "' 1 « 100 78% 77 '76%
U S Rubber 000 0% » 9
U S Rubber pfd... 300 34% 34 34
U B Steel 82.400 22% 20U 21
U 6 Steel pfd. 36.700 70% 68% «59 -
Western Union .... 700 83% 82 82>4
Total sales 1,024,800 -¦
NEW YORK BONDS.
US ref 2s. reg...lO6% Rock Island -73%
Do coupon 100% Pennsylvania .... t»4U
»o 3s. reg j.«« LAN unified 4s. H7S4
Do coupon lf«« Mex Central 4s... 7i
Do new 4s. rey.134% Do 1st lnc 10'A
Do coupon 134 H Minn & St L 4e.. 98 -
Do old 4s, rej..io»>4 Mo, Kans & T 4s. 96%
Do coupon 109% Do2ds..i 76%
Do 6s, reg ....101% N Y C *en 3%s.. 85
Do coupon lOljijN.J C gen 6s!. ..126%
Atch gen 4s .... 99% Nor Pao 4s ......100
Do adj 4s 88 | Do 3s 70U,-
Bal & Ohio 4s...lOO% Nor A W con 4s.. 97%
Do 3%s ....... 02 Read *en 4s ..... 94%
Do conv 4s 100 K L & I At con 5s. 110%
Can 8o> 2ds 105 St L A B F 4s... 96%
Central of Ga 6s.lOI St Louis SW lsta. 91%
Do 1st ine 6» Do 2ds 64
Ches & Ohio 4%s.l01% 8 A & A Paas 4s. 75
Chi A Alton 3%s. 70 So Pao 4s 84 -
C. B & Q new 4s H8% go Ry 6s 111%
CM&St P sen te.104% Tex & Pac isti 113?]
There is no further decline In • Butter, and
though the market is still dull the decline of
the past few days has resulted In rather more
steadiness. There is still plenty here for all
current nee"Ss.
Cheese is lower and quiet, with large stocks.
Dealers say that It is hard to move the
goods' and practically Impossible to sell any
large lines. Occasionally 13c Is realized, but
It is only in a small way. Some dealers have
begun to store. their surplus stock.
Eggs rule steady, and receipts continue to
decrease. The demand, however, la not. ac-
Receipts were 34.300 lbs Butter, 783 cases
Eggs and 5900 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery. 24c; dairy. 22^@23c;
store Butter, 17@20c: Eastern, 22@22%c,
CHEESE-rNew, 12@13c: Young. America,
14%<a>13c; Eastern, 15%@16c; Western, 14@15c
per lb.
EGGS — Ranch. 27%@2Sc for large white se
lected and 25S27c for good to choice; store, 18
@24c; Eastern. lS®21c per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
On December 19 a store at Eighteenth
and Dolores streets, which was also a
postal sub-station, was visited, and while
the young lady in charge went out to sell
the man In the buggy some stamps the
confederate seized a sack containing
money and stamps to the value of $65
and the pair drove away with the sack.
Maguire was arrested on January 23 and
was identified as the man In the buggy.
He was held to answer, but gave bonds.
Last Monday morning, shortly after 10
o'clock, a man entered the grocery and
fruit store of E. Boschetti & Co., 1388
Bush street, and said that a man in" a
buggy wanted a $5 gold piece for $5 in
silver. Boschetti went outside and the
man In the buggy kept him talking for
a minute or two about fruit and then
asked for 5 cents' worth of peaches. When
Boschetti re-entered the store he saw a
$20 gold piece lying on the floor beside the
safe, the door of which was open, and
he discovered that $200 had been stolen
from tho safe. He rushed outside, but
the man with the buggy and the other
man had disappeared. BoschetU notified
the police and Detective Reynolds was de
tailed on the case. He told Policeman
Mitchell where the criminal could be
found and Mitchell arrested Maguire on
Monday night and he was locked up In
"the tanks." He has been Identified aa
the man In the buggy, and the police are
searching for his confederate.
Frank Maguire, who was arrested la»t
January on a charge of grand lar
ceny aijd who is awaiting trial in the Su
perior Court, has been, the police allege,
carrying on the same daring game that
landed him in prison at that time. Ha
ha3 a confederate. Recently several com
plaints have been made to the police by
grocers and other business men of th«
actions of two men. One would drive up
to the store in a buggy and his confeder
ate would enter and say that the man in
the buggy wanted a drink or some arti
cle that would necessitate the storekeep
er's going outside. During his absence
the confederate would rob the till or th«
cash drawer. .
The market was liberally supplied with Poul
try, and while there was' continued firmness In
large young fowls the feeling in second-class
stock, particularly poor Hens, was easy. A
car of Wetsern, the second for the week, was
on sale and cleaned up well. Game was In
light receipt and Hare and Doves were quoted
higher. , _
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, nominal: Geese,
per pair. $1 25@1 50; Goslings. $1 25@1 50;
Ducks, $3@4 per dozen for old and $3 5004 50
for young; Hens. $4@5; young Roosters, $6@8;
old Roosters. $4 5O@5; Fryers. $4@4 60; Broil
ers, $3 80®4 for large and $2 50@3 for small;
Pigeons, $1 60 per dozen for old and $1 5O@l 75
for Squabs. c
OAME— Rabbits. $1 25@1 75 per dozen; Hare,
$1 50; Wild Doves, $1@1 25 per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
Frank . Maguire, Who Was
Out on Bonds, Is Arrested
for the Crime.
Local securities still quiet but firmer. / '
ll r aJl-strcct stocks scz-cral points lower and weak, i
Silvtr higher. Sterling Exchange lozver.
Wheat continues away above all other markets.
Shippers paying high prices for Barley in the country.
Oats and Rye firmly held. Corn still higher.
Corn products advance again. Other Fecdstuffs unchanged.
Hay easier under continued large arrivals.
Some kinds of Beans show a pronounced decline.
Butter quiet and unchanged. Cheese still weaker and dull.
Eggs, steady, with receipts still decreasing.
Cattle/ Sheep and Hogs unclianged.
Potatoes firm under light receipts. Onions ditto.
Summer Vegetables continue in liberal supply.
Not much variation in Poultry and Game.
Fresh Fruit market in fair condition.
Local stocks of Coal recently increased.
CHICAGO, Aug. 6.— CATTLE— Receipts,
2H.00O. including .800 Texans and 1000 West
erns. Good to crime steers, $5 20@S 60; poor
to medium $3 65(34 90; stockers and feeders,
$2 50(34 30; cows. ?l «)#4 50; heifers, $2@4 75
canners, $1 C0@2 65; bulls, $2@4 25; calves,
$2 50@« 25; Texas fed steers, $3 60® 4 75;
Western steers, $3 80®4 50. . .
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 27,000; to-morrow,
25,000; left over. 3000; strong to 15c higher;
mixed and butchers', $4 P5@5 70; good to choice
heavy. $5 25(35 55: > rough heavy, $4 6o@5 30;
light $5 35(g3 75; bulk of sales. $5 15@5 45.
SHEEP— Receipts, IS.000; sheep. 10c to 15c
lower: lambs, 15o to 25c lower; good to choice
wethers. $3 60@4; fair to choice mixed, $2 50®
3 50: Western sheep, $3 25@8 95: native lambs,
$3 25<g6 05; AVestern lambs,. $5@S 76.
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 5. — WOOL — Steady to firm.
Medium grades, combing and clothing, '18@"22c;
light fine. l«@18c; heavy fine, 12@15c; tub
washed. 20@29%c.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Aug. 8.— Clearings, $748,913; bal
ances. $253,116.
TACOMA. Aug. 8.— Clearings. $236,132; bal
ances. $40,386. ¦*•
PORTLAND, Aug. 6. — Clearings, $597,089;
balances. $94,447.
SPOKANE. Aug. 8.— Clearings, $442,304;
balances, $65,600. ;
Northern Wheat Market.
¦- ' : OREGON. «
PORTLAND. Aug. 8.— WHEAT— Walla.
Walla, 76%@78c: bluestem, 78®Slc; valley,
79@S0c.
: WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Aug. 8.— WHEAT— Unchanged;
bluestem, 82c: club. 78c. .
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Silver is higher and Sterling Exchange lower.
Domestic rates remain unchanged.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — $4 84
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 8«%
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 87%
New York Exchange, sight.... — 71^
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10
Silver, per ounce — 65%
Mexican Dollars, nominal .... — 42
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— There was nothing new from
abroad. Chicago declined lc. The Northwest
bought freely. The Kansas City' Star printed
a summary of 200 threshing returns, making
the Kansas crop 03,000,000 bushels, which is
more than had been figured on.
In this market futures were weak, hut the
cash grain was firm, with buyers paying away
over the level of the foreign markets to get
the grain. Arrivals from Oregon were large
and included 50,C€0 ctls on the steamer Lee
la naw.
CASH WHEAT, . .
California Club, $1 +531 60; California
White Australian. $1 50<£l 62%: Northern
Club, $1 45; Northern Blue Stem, $1 55; Ore
g-on Valley, $1 52 H. ' >
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
¦ ' Qpon. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 49% ?1 4!J% $1 48'/* $1 4b%
May ....... $1 49% 1 49% 1 49% 1 49%
2 d. m. session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$l 48% $1 •«» $1 48% $1 49
BARLEY — Futures were higher and sellers
tried to Bet more for the cash grain, but did
not succeed.' Receipts were liberal. It was
reported that the shippers are buying heavily
In the Salinas Valley, paying $1 21%#1 25 de
livered here. • . . • .
CASH BARLEY.
,' Feed, $1O5<?71 0S%; new Shipping and Brew
ing. $1 12»4<ai 17'a; Chevalier. $1 20@l 40 for
fair tu choice.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
Man in Buggy Calmly
Ohats While Another
Loots Safa
Adams Con 10 Little Chief .... 06
Alice 18 Ontario 6 60
Breece 15 Ophlr 165
Bruns Con * 03 Phoenix 08
Com Tunnel .... 06 Potosl 20
Con Cal & V 1 60 Savage 18
Horn Silver ....; 1 00; Sierra Nev 63
Iron Sliver 1 50, Small Hopes .... 20
Leadvllle Con ... 02t Standard ......... 2 60
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Mining —
Call loans 3JT4 Adventure 5%
Time- loans 5@6 AUouez 4%
Bonds — Amalgamated ... 38
Atchleon is 97 gingham ... ... 21%
Mexican C«n 4s.. 71 Calumet & Hecla.430
. Railroads— Centennial 14%
Atchison 67% Copper Range.... 40%
Do pfd 85X2 Dominion fcoal .. 82
Boston & Albany. 245 Franklin . ." 8
Boston Elevated.. 135 Isle Royale 6
N Y N H £ H...195 Mcthawk 34%
Fltchburg pfd. ...133 Old Dominion 10%
Union Pacific ... 69% Osceola 80
Mexican Central.. 13% Parrot ...... 17%'
Miscellaneous — Qutncy 85
American Sugar. .110%! Santa Fe Copper. 1
Do pfd 117$ Tamarack 75
Amer Tel & Tel. 129 ITrlmountaJn J80
Dom I & Steel... 0%!Trinlty 4%
General Electric. .151 United States .. 16%
Mass Electric ... 20 Utah 23%
Do pfd 78% Victoria 3%
United Fruit .... 05 Wtnona 6%
U S Steel 20% Wolverine 63
Do Pfd 68%
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Con for money.00 3-16 N Y Central ....122
Con for account.91 Norf & Wee tern. 62%
Anaconda 3% Do pfd ;.. S3
Atchison 61%; Ontario & West. 22%
Do pfd 90 (Pennsylvania .... 62%
Bait & Ohio S2%iRand Mines 0%
Canadian Pacific. 124% Reading .24
Cheisap & Ohio... 31% Do 1st pfd .... 41H
Chicago G W 16% Do 2d pfd 34
Chi Mil & St P.. 142 .Southern Ry lft%
De Beers 19% ! Do pfd .... 87
Denver & XI G.. 22% Southern PaclHc. 42%
E>o pfd 79 i Union Pacific ... 73Vi
Erie 27%' Do pfd 88
Do 1st pfd .... 67% U S Steel 22%
Do 2d pfd .... 48% Do pfd 71%
Illinois Central... 131 Vi Wabash 20%
Louis & Nash. ..104 j Do pM 38%,
Mo Kan & Tex.. 19 I -
Bar silver, steady, 25Wd per ounce. Money.
1Vj22 per cent. The rate of discount in the
open market for short bills Is 2% per cent and
for three months' bills is 2% per cent.
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS,
C & NW con 7s.. 127% T. St L & W 4s.. 71%
C, R I & Pao 4s.. 100 Union Pac 4s ... W%
C.C.C & SLgn 4s. 95 Do conv 4s.... 92%
Chi Term 4s 78 Wabash lsts 114%
Colo & So 4s 88 Do 2ds .104
Den & Rio O 4s.. 07% Do deb B 72
Erie prior lien 4s. 06 West Shore 4s ...107%
Do gen 4s 82% W & L Erie 4s... 88
F W & D C lsts.106 iWls Central 4s... 88
Hocking Val 4%s. 104% Con Tobacco 63
Manhattan 100 Colo Fuel & Iron. 78V4
U S Steel 77%
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Kefining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.73c;
Powdered. 5.60c; Candy Granulated. 6.8Oc; Dry
Granulated, fine. 6.50c; Dry Granulated, coarse,
5.. Vic; Fruit Granulated. 8.60c; Beet Granulat
ed (100-lb bags only), 6.40c; Confectioners' A,
8.50c; Magnolia A, 5.10c; Extra C. 6c; Golden
C, 4.90c; "D," 4.80c: barrels. 10c more; half
barrels, 20c more; boxes, 50c more; 60-lb bags,
10c more for all kfnds. Tablets — Half-barrels,
6c; boxes. 6.25c per lb. No orders taken for
less than 75 barrels or its equivalent.'
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 6®
6%c per lb; White Lead. 6@6%c. according to
quantity.
RICE— China No. 2, $4 32%©4 37%: No. 1.
$5 75®5 00; extra No. 1. $6 40@6 45; Hawaiian.
$4 00@5; Japan. $5 35(96; Louisiana. $4 50@7.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal -Oil in bulk.
14c; Pearl Oil in cases. 20%c: Astral. 20%c;
Star. 20%c; Extra Star, 24%c; Elaine. 26%c;
Eocene 23 He; deoderlzed Stove Gasoline, in
bulk. 17c; in cases. 23%c; Benzine. In bulk,
13c; in cases. 19%c; 86-degree Gasoline, In
bulk 21c; in cases. 27Vic.
TURPENTINE — 73c per gallon in cases and
67c In drums and Iron barrels.
OIL — Linseed. -44c for boiled and 42c for raw
In barrels; cases 5c more; Caator Oil. in cases.
No. 1 70c; Bakers" A A. $1 10*31 12; Lucol. 41c
for boiled and 39c for raw in barrels; Lard OH.
extra winter strained, barrels. 00c r cases. 95c;
China Nut. 67%®62c per gallon; pure Neats
foot In barrels. 75c; cases 80c; Sperm, pure.
70c; Whale Oil. natural white. 80055c per gal
lon; Fish OH, in barrels. 45c; cases. 60c: Co
coanut Oil in barrels. 68c for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian. «
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton: New Wel
lington. $8: Seattle. $6 50; Bryant, $0 50:
Beaver Hill, $5 50; Stanford. $7; Roslyn.
$7; Coos Bay. $3 50; Greta. $7: Wallsend.
$7 50; Richmond. ,$7 50; Cumberland. $13
in bulk and $14 25 in sacks: Welsh An
thracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump, $11 50; Cannel,
$8 80 per ton; Coke. $11 60<£13 per ton in bulk
and $15 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$8 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 80 per ton. according
to brand. . i
Harrison's circular says: "Since the depar
ture of the steamer Sonoma, there have been
the following deliveries of coal from Aus
tralia, viz. ; The Inverclyde. 2707 tons; Crown
of' England. 2734 tons; Biizeux. 1115 tons:
Marion Llghtbody. 3280 tons: Edouard Detaille.
2960 tons; Imberhorne. 2990 tons; Leon Bureau.
2750 tons: Pericles, 2145 tons; California. 3765
tons, Anjou, 2727 tons; Chelmsfod. 3750 tons;
Slam. 2541 tons; Matterhorn. 2900 tons; Inver
esk, 2241 tons; Cloch. 2320 tons; total. 40.925
tons. Of the above named fifteen cargoes,
eleven have arrived within the pa3t week,
which will amply supply all pressing demands
for this month. There are still on the en
gaged list now afloat, and to be loaded for this
market, slxty-clx vessels, with a carrying
capacity of 195,000 tons. The coal fleet from
Newcastle has already diminished and will con
tinue to diminish for this port for some time,
as grain freights outward from here are now. in
a demoralized condition with no likelihood for
any early improvement. Furthermore, the labor
troubles in British Columbia have become am
icably settled, hence there will be generous de
liveries from there from this time forward.
The simultaneous arrivals for the past several
days will cause a congestion of wharf room
to discharge. Prices remain steady, and should
remain so if wholesale dealers do not force
their receipts en the market, fortunately there
will be ample yard room to receive these recent
arrivals. • as there Is very little coal In store.
The principal grades of coal now being deliv
ered- from Newcastle will be utilized for domes
tie purposes, hence should bring fair prices."
BAGS— Grain Bags. 4.85@5c; San Quentln.
5.55c; Wool Bags, 32335c; Fleece twine. 7%©
8c; Cotton Fruit Bags. 6Hc. «%c »» d 7V4c tot
the three grades.
General Merchandise.
NEW YORK, Aug. 5.— The cotton market
clossd weak and at the lowest level of the day
on the new crop months, with the general list
showing net losses .of 15 to 31 points.
New York Cotton Market.
GROCER TALKS,
BURGLAR ROBS
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less 80
per cent shrinkage for Cattle: „ m
CATTLE— Steers. 8@9c; Cows and Heifers.
7@8c; thin Cows. 4©5c per lb.
CALVES— 4®5 He per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 4c; Ewes. 3%©3%e per lb
(gross weight). '
LAMBS— Spring, $2 7503 per Jiead. _
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 200 Jbs. 6%®«%e:
under 140 lbs, 6%®6c; Sows, 20 per cent off:
Boars. 50 per cent off. and Stags. 40 per cent
off from above quotations.
10%d in Middlesboro. Locally, Iron was quiet
and nominally unchanged. • - No.— 1 foundry.
Northern, is quoted at $17 50@18; No. 2 foun
dry. Northern, at $16 60017: No. 1 foundry.
Southern and No. 1 foundry, Southern; soft, at
$16 50017. . i ' .
of most descriptions were unchanged. Receipts
of Tomatoes were less liberal than on the pre
ceding, day, the recent low prices having
checked the movement, and as old stock was
well cleaned up better prices ruled for fresh
arrivals and occasional lots of choice sold at
60c per box. Green Corn was in free supply
and easy, a large portion of the receipts being
of poor quality. Summer Squash, Cucumbers.
Egg Plant and Peppers continued to arrive
freely and stocks were steadily accumulating.
POTATOES— New White. 80c(g$l 25 per ctl
in sacks and $1 60@l 75 in boxes, with some
fancy higher: Early Rose, 75c@$l; Garnet
Chiles, $1@1 15; Sweet Potatoes from the river,
2%®3c Der lb.
ONIONS— 65@75c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. $101 50 per
sack; crates from Alameda. $1 25@1 75: from
Berkeley, $1 25®1 35; Green Peas, — per lb;
String Beans, 2@3c per lb; Wax. 2@4c; Lima
Beans, ,4c per 1b; Tomatoes. 25@50c for large
boxes from the river; Summer Squash. 20@3oc
per box: Cabbage, 75c@$l per ctl: Carrots, 1 5c
©$1 per sack; Cucumbers. 25@40c per box;
Garlic,. 2@3e per lbt Green Peppers. 25@40e per
box for Chile and 40@65c for Bell; Green Okra,
60@75c per box; Egg Plant. 50@<35c per box.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAUL, THURSDAY; AUGUST 6, 1903.
STOCK-MARKET.
Receipts of Potatoes were light and the mar
ket was firm and active at a • higher range . of
prices. There was 'a steady demand for ship
ment to Honolulu and to the Southwest and
choice offerings were, eagerly sought after by
the local trade. Onion* were steady at firmer
prices and Sweet Potatoes moved off well at
good figures. . '
Vegetables were In ample supply and prices
Potatoes, Onions and < Vegetables.
There is no further change in Cattle, Sheep
or ogs. _ D RESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
ar« as follows: • •¦ . ¦ _¦
BEEF — 6®7c for Steers and 5© 6c per lb for
°VEAL— Large. 7&3c; small. |>©0%c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 8®0c; Ewes. 838%e per
pound. ¦
LAMB— Spring, 0%@10%c per lb.,
PORK— Dressed Hogs) 8%©0Vic per lb.
¦ .'.¦ LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The. following Quotations are for good, sound
Meat Market.
NEW YOnK. Aug. 5.— Spot tin was 2a 6d
lower In London at £127 and futures were Is
«d lower at £123. Locally, tin was also lower
an<l closed easy at (28 25@28 55.
. Copper was 10a lower In London at £57 lOs
for spot and £55 10s (or futures. Locally, cop
per was quiet and nominally unchanged at $13
@13 25 for lake and electrolytic, while casting
Is quoted at $12 75013.
According to the semi-annual statement of
the New York Metal Exchange imports of cop
per for the past six months amounted to 30,003
tons, against 29,735 tons the year before, and
the exports wer« 06,214 tons, against 1)8,500
tons.
Lead declined la 44 in London to £10 18a 9d
and was unchanged in New York at $4 20. ' I
Spelter wan unchanged in London at £20 and
here at $5 )S7%.
Iron closed at 02s 4d in Glasgow and at 46s
New York Metal Market.
Some kinds of Beans are quoted much lower
and the market Is resorted dull. There Is no
chance In Seeds. _'_,
; BEANS— Bayos. $3 10®3 25: Pea. $3 25;
Butters. $3 25: email White, $2 75®3: large
White. $2 7S«f3; Pink, $2 00®3; Red, $2 00fc3;
Lima, $3 25@3 SO; Red : Kidneys, nominal;
Blackeye. $2 65@2 00 per ctl; Horse Beans,
$1 25@1 35. i ¦¦'¦¦:
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $1 70©l 80; Canary,
C«ti%c for Eastern: Alfalfa, nominal; Rap*.
l%#2%c: Timothy. 6®6%c;, Hemp, 3%©3%c
per lb; Millet, 3®3%c; Broom Corn Seed, $200
23 ier ton. * . -
DRIED PEAS— Green, $2®2 25 per, ctl. :
Beans and Seeds.
LIVERPOOL. . .
Wheat— Sept. Oct. Dec.
Opening 6 4% 6 4% 6 4%
Closing 6 4% 6 4% 6 4%
PARIS.
Wheat— Aug. Nov. -Feb.
Opening 23 40 22 45
Closing 23 40' 22 40
. Flour—
Opening 31 85 30 15
Closing ....3170 30 05'
Foreign Futures.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
11
NEXT SUNDAY'S |
AET SUPPLEMENT,
"THE BUSSIAN WEDDING^
Effectively framed* either In
Flemish brown, ebony or gilt
frame, about three or four
inches; framed closely.THE SAN .FBAlsCISCO CALL, TB*trilSD AY, AUGUST 6, 1903.
12
HELP WAyTED — 1HI.K — Cm.
FREE TO FRESNO CO.— FREE.
Big lumber trust In the mountains.
25 sawmills, woods men, also laborers, $40
to $90 and found; boss here;, call early: free.
MURRAY & READY. tS4-638 Clay St.
LOOK! ITALIAN LABORERS— FREE. "
1« of them, free fare, Santa Barbara Co.;
board yourselves.
MURRAY &~READY. 6S4-636 Clay st.
BUTCHERS. ~~~ ~~
Slaughterer, ranch, also assistant, fare $1.
$60. $30 and found.
2 hog butchers, $2 to $2 50 day; shop butcher,
$45 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
OREGON— TO-DAY— FREE FARlE
2tt woods and mill men; regular; Oregon; big
wages.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
BY 0 P. M. TELEPHONE^ -
Man and wife, both waiters, country, $55 fd.
Wood turner, city mill. $:; to $3 5<» a day.
Cook, also dishwasher. Nevada. $S0 found.
Sheep herder. $30; milker. Siaklyou Co.. $35
. and found, free fare; cook, 12 men, ranch.
$30 and found; 15 fruit pickers. $30 found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S
Employment Agents.
429 Bush st «2 Clay st.
Hello Grant 1S5.
Tunnel foreman, Cal S4-$3 day
Stonecutter $3 50-$4 day
Electrical engineer and machinist, run power
plant In big tunnel $75 found
See bosses here Free fare
Chatsworth Park, machine men. drillers. $2-53
(Bonus 25c day remain until work Is done.)
S. P. CO.'S -DIFFERENT DIVISIONS. CAL. ;
Section hands, extra gangs $1 70
ABSOLUTELY FREE FARE FOR ALL
ABOVE.
SAWMILL, NORTH— BOSS HERE.
4 screw setters, $72 found; 3 off-bearers, .
$52 found.
10 crosscutters. $60 found; laborers around
mill, $42 found.
25 Scandinavians to pile lumber $52 found
Edgerman, $52 found; ratchet setter. .$55 fd.
8 tunnelmen, R. R. work, near city, $2.
$2 50. free fare; 2 hay balers. 22c ton: mid-
dle-aged man. clerk country store. $30 found;
milker, city, $30; ranch teamster. $3o 'found;
2 screw setters. $65; shampooer. city. $40;
butcher, country shop, $35 foilnd; bakers
helper. $30; third porter, country hotel. $30.
free fare; 2 porters, city. $25: nlghl poi
washer, restaurant. $30: dishwashers, city
and country. $22-$35: meat and pastry cook,
country hotel. $80; second cook, country ho- ,
tel, $60; second cook, country hotel. $50; fry
cock, restaurant, city. $70; vegetable cook,
restaurant country, $50; chef. $60; second
cook, $40. same resort: cook and wife, coun-
try, $100: night cook. $45; broiler, fry cook.
$60; broiler, city. $30: kitchen hands, bell
boys and others; 2 waiters, country hotel.
$35; waiter, country resort, $40; waiter,
country hotel, $30; bus boy, country hotel.
$25; helps' hall and nurses' hall waiters,
spring*. $35; 6 waiters, north. $35.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S Employment Agency.
429 Bush st 642 Clay st
AN elderly man: light office work; small
wages small. Apply
C R. HANSEN & CO 420 Bush »t.
6 WOODCHOPPERS for mine. $1 5O cord:
miners, $2 a day and board and $2 50 to $3
a day; 2 blacksmiths, $3 a day: 3 blacksmith
helpers, $1 50 a day and board and $- day;
carpenters. $3 a day; German to assist gar-
dener. $50; 3 farmers and wives. ?40 and
$50 and found; smelterman and wife, ~ T M\ and
found; 3 men about place. $25 and $30 and
found, and many others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. C2S Sacramento sU ¦¦¦
WANTED — To go Saturday, see boss at our
office to-da-- a man who understands quick-
silver furnace, and, if married, his wife to
cook for about 10 miners: good wages for
both. See J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sac-
ramento st. *
WANTED for gentleman's country place, lad
to milk 3 cows and groom 2 horses. J. F.
CROSETT _ CO., 623 Sacramento St.
WANTED — First-class pastry cook and baker
for nice restaurant, best wages; waiter for
country hotel. $30; relief cook, $70; dish-
washer, country hotel, $3O; and others. See
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
ANDRES office. 317 Stockton st. Cook for in-
stitution, near city. $35; bread baker. Hono-
lulu, $50 to $60: waiter, to take charge of
small place at night, $12 a week; choreman.
private place. $20; laborers, teamsters, $1 A
day. and found, etc.
PICK HOPS — Reduced rate tickets now on
sale; parties leave daily, beginning August
10; crop heavy; picking easy. Call or write
E CLEMENS HORST CO.. 122 Battery St..
S. F.
WANTED — First-class body makers en car-
riage work. Parrott Carriage Mfg. Co.. Los
Angeles. Cal.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair:
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
mall charges. 11 Third St.. Examiner bldg.
NURSE or man with some medical experience;
good opportunity. Address box 40S0, Call.
BLACKSMITH helper wanted. 1638 Mission
street. 1
HOTEL cook. 444 Brannan st.
NICE 2-chair barber shop; good location; price
$73. Box 4656. Call.
YOUNG man tn tinshop learn trade; age 16
years. 533 Mission st.
BARBERS — Good 2-chaIr shop with living
rooms; snap. 2308 Howard st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
mall charges. 11 Third st. Examiner bldg.
WANTED — For the U. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied, unmarried men. between -1 and 35;
good character; must spea*. read ar.d write
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-war
In all parts of the world, on land In our Isl-
and possessions, and at naval stations In the
United States. Apply at recruit In* office. 40
Ellis et.. San Francisco. Cal.: 222 v. N. Main
St.', Los Angeles, Cal., and 401 K st, Sacra-
mento, Cal.
MEN to learn barber trade; only requires two
months to complete and secure positions;
catalogue and full particulars mailed free.
Moler System Barber College. 633 Clay st
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 130 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 50 to $3 per week.
WANTED — Experienced drapery salesman.
Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HAL—
BROS.'
WANTED — Young man who is thoroughly ex-
perienced in men's furnishings. Apply be-
tween t» and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
$150 — BARBER shop; must be sold: owner
there 10 years; average $100 month; rent $8.
WINSBORO. MURRAY & CO., 75 Third st.
YOUNG man to work outside of school hours
for his tuition. California Business College,
SC5 Larkin st.
WANTED — Tfoung man who Is an experienced
card writer and familiar with dry goods ad-
vertisements. Box 4644, Call.
FIRST-CLASS barber shop for sale; 3 chairs,
2 bathrooms and laundry office. E. M.,
Vacavllle. Solano County. Cal.
MEN to learn barber trade; an Improvement
on all other systems. For particulars ad-
dress Western Barber Col., 647 Commercial.
THREE laborers, pick and shoveJ; Itth ave.
and N st.. south; take Kentucky-st cars.
COATMAKER for country- REISS BROsTlfc
CO., 24 Sutter st.
EXPERIENCED stock clerks for wholesale
millinery. HOLM & NATHAN, 512 Market
GOOD, industrious boy to help in grocery; no
Sunday work. Box 4C46. Call office.
BOY for wholesale house; state age and expert-
ence. Box 4630. Call. -
•WANTED— Men for light work on fruit 1731
Folsom st.
CASH boys wanted. Apply S. if. WOOD &
CO., 740 Market st
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition In S. F.
Barber School. 741 A Howard st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steu.rt st
600 MEN to buy new and Sd-hand army shoes.
50c up; soling cheap. 923 Howard st.. nr. 5th.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls, room 40. Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Po»t.G. AIR.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third 8t.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. 83e night; reading rooms;
free, 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10U<i
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch offlcei 2200 Flllmore.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. 5<33 Mission st. bet. l*t and 2d sts.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let: send for
circular. G.H.UMBSEN _ CO.,14 Montgomery
FURNISHED house of 6 rooms and bath to
let, cheap. 3033 Twenty-fifth st.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HO WELL. 25 Post s?
A WEEK'S news for S cent* — The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 p»r vear
HOUSES TO LET— FURNISHED.
A WELL furnished bouse, oiano. 10 rooms:
very sunny: fine- location; 1375 Masonic ave.
_noly MADISON -BURKE, 30 Montg. st
HORSES AND WAGONS.
TEAM roan mares, city brckenT weigh 2750:
one doctors' horse; 2 business horses. Santa
Clara Stable. 1C4 Golden Gate ave.
ON account of going- to build, entire stock ot
wagons, buggies and harness mu3t t>* sold at
sacrifice. Corner. 15th and Valencia sta. •
SOUND, young horse, true and gentle- weight
about 1500; bargain. 2.S4C8 Mission st.
RARE chance — k good horses tor «a!e cheat).
327 Sixth st. :-.>'.¦
ONE fine buggy, fruit wagon, cart. 2d-h*nd-
new lanndry wagon, cheap. S23 Harrison ¦„
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and -ocart for sale cheap. 5.T, Mission st.
]LO _ T ANU FOIND.
LOST— Part link sleeve button, snake head.
Reward. SAM LOVER1CH, Nuvelty Thea*
tor. Powell and Ellis.
LOST — Two young larlies who took satchef
from Owens & Starr's restaurant. S Sixth st.,
return same at once, as they are known.
LOST— Money in Occidental Hotel envelope.
Return to Occidental Hotel office; reward.
LOST — On Howarri-st. car, watch fob and
buckle; initials T. P. S. Reward at Mint.
LOST — August 2d. ladies' gold brooch, set with
pearls and ruby, from i^ell and Octavla to
Jones and Market, or Jones or Union cars or
Presidio: reward. 31S Fell st. *
LOST— Saturday evening, small gold locket
and chain: valued as a keepsake. Reward if
returned to 36€5 Eighteenth st.
LOST— Monday, gold locket with initials H. R.
R. Finder return to 113 Seventh ave.; reward.
FOUND— Geld Masonic locket. Call Glen
Park. C. STADER.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the CalUorcu
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter it. needs oUi
gold and sliver to make new watch cases.
MEDICAL.
A — Mrs. Dr. Sweet takes ladles before and dur-
ing confirement: Infants adopted; $15; 15
rooms _ board: 25 years' experience. 282 7th.
MRS. DR. WYETH, specialist for all femal*
complaints; instant relief guaranteed: 30
years' e-pertence. 728 Post st.. near Jone*.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating piUa
sold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's syr-
inge and tablets; price $2 5O. By express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggists. Seventh and
Broadway. Oakland.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL—All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped; the most difficult cases treat-
ed; advice free. Office, 101 S Market st
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all f«-
male troubles and irregularities: Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008 li Market St.. opp. 5t_.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best .medical care; low fees.
A maternity villa: private; secluded; confiden-
tial. Dr. E. Funke. 1416 Eighth St.. Ala— .ed*.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO H_RB3;
original method of treatment. 1128 Market st.
Drs. Goodwin, 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
In obstetrics, female comp:;25 yrs. experience
DR. ROSEN, mored to 2995 Folsom st. cor.
26th; relief 910; ladies' exclusive office.
DR. NG TOY KEE, 319 Powell st. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCEI^ LANEOCS— FOR. SAXIJ.
BOILERS, engines, 2- hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
A GOOD reason to buy diamonds, watches and
Jewelry from us i3 that you need only pay a
small weekly payment on all purchases; all
goods delivered on first payment. Call and
examine our goods, even If you don't care to
buy. LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25 Stockton.
DOES TOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterite; in rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; gotel over oil
iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO., 713 Market st.
WILL contract 25CO barrels per month for ona
year. 14V4 gravity oil at 25c f. o. b. Bakers-
fleld. C E. PRICE. 605 "Grant Building, Los
AngeTes.
A — Fine suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50. Ortgi-
lnal Jllsflt Clothing Parlors, 238 Kearny St..
near Bush: open to 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
i A— $3 50 DERBY and fedora hata. $1 75. Pop-
! ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St., near Pine;
open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS. sell3 or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 25.5-235 Spear St.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 pair: foot-form
shoes at 92 0Or w« par express charg-**- U
Third St.. Examiner bid. ; catalogue sent free.
¦ 1 ¦
SECOND mach'y, boilers, engines, pump*.
wood and iron working machinery, bought,
sold ar.d rented. H. S. WHITE. 12O-132 Beal*.
FOR sale — Scotch collie pups. 2 months old.
from prize stock. Call room 5Otf. Parrott big.
MOVING pictures magic lanterns, sale, rental:
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Port st.
MILES of pipe and fittings; all sixes. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 1C9 Vallejo st
MOVING picture film and song slides. 109
Montgomery st.
SAFES — New and second-band. E. B. BECK
_ CO.. 122 Market St.
AU bargains ;camp stoo'a and chairs, hammocks.
metal beds, mattrtBses.J.F. Hotter. 712 Mission.
Edison phonographs, recorda, supplies, movln«
picture machines, films. Baclgalupl. 933 Mkt
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches,
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont at
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters: all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
MISCELLA.NEOIS WA.NTS.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 »th st. ; tel. Jessie 2831.
MO.VEV TO LO.VA.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
601-C03-603 Examiner boUd_c
Quick settlements] no disappointment
Bave expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property la trust.
etc; legacies. Ufa estates and undivided «n-
terests in property purchased.
Ccurteous treatment Strictly eo—Odratlal.
| ,: When You Need Money-
See HERMAN MURPHT.
HIGHLY lespectab— * private place to obtafc I
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. BaJdwln Jewelry Store. 844
Market st. tel. Main 1644. Branch. 18 Third.
MONEY loaned V> salaried people, retail mar-
chants, teamsters, boardlng-housca. -without
security; easy payments: largest business la
46 principal cities. To! man, 533 Parrott bldg.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or pUno:.-io removal:
no commission; no publicity; $23 up: quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery «t. r. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant are..
LOANS FROM $1 to $10.000.
AT cut rates on real estate, furniture or plaao:
no commission. _. W. LICK. }<>03 Mutual
Ea-. Bk. bid.. 70S Market: phone Main 810.
S. f. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
The TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY to lean on low Interest; sold, silver.
diamond*, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st
MONEY loaned to salaried employes. G. W.
MILLEIt, room 74. fifth floor. Chronicle bldg.
ONE per cent on furciturs: $3 a month on each
I1C00: any security. SOC Montgomery, room 19.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $13 up; eo removal-
V. TREMAIN. room 81. « Eddy st.. floor *T
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. C. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 333 Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indomer. MORRELL. 6fg) Examiner bid.
.MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ASSORTMENT of some upright bargains.
3 Chlckenng 5150. $1*5 8«v«i
1 Kimball. walnut upright, celluloid keys ?«
2 Emerson .$1S3, $215
2 Stelnway I", 1 ;
< Heine $2S5 tV l'*Z
* squares $ 15 t £.--
10 organs $10 to s—
Rents $2 up allowed on purchase; Install-
ments $4 up; piano players from $!K> up; new
pianos from $117 ui>. HEINE PIAVO rvv
235-237 Geary st.; phone _tfgn iff**
?6 G7arf *sT °" "^ FUsh ' r Uprlsht plano - «7
sssstfssa '^H «* « «&
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
WINEMAKBB perfect In all branches. 20
years' experience, best references, wants
situation. Box 4378. Call.
ACTIVE young man, recently from Switzer-
land wishes work of any kind. Box N.,
4655.' Call office.
BRIGHT energetic young man deuires repre-
sent reliable firm in outside capacity; rer-
erences. Box 4654. Call. ;
YOUNG man with excellent references and ex-
perience wants position as clerk in hotel or
rooming-house. Box 4tt40. Call.
STUDENT wants work, night and morning, for
board and room; Christian famiry; time to
study. Box 4979. Call.
YOUNG man wants situation in a barber shop
in the country. Jo's. UVfr Eighth st.. city.
• GOOD cook wants situation in hotel or res-
taurant or lunch house. Call 65S Folsom st.
AN up-to-date landscape gardener ar.d artistic
florist rustic wood and cement and rock
worker wants permanent position; married;
no children; German. 33 years old; best of
references. Box 464p. Call. ;.
MFXTHANICAL engineer, university graduate,
age 25, 6 years' experience in drawing room,
eeeks Immediate engagement in or near San
Francisco. Box 4641. Call.
STEWARD— Position v.anted by a good all-
round man in hotel or club; the best of
Eastern and California references. Address
H. BEM1S. 3215 Laguna St.
CLERICAL situation desired by young man
with experience in ifflce of wholesale grocery
house. Address Box 4285. Call.
A GERMAN, middle-aged and single, wishes a
situation In grocery store and barroom; flrst-
class references. W. BOHLINO. 417 Kearny..
-JAPANESE man and wife would like situa-
tion to do general housework. M. FRANK,
1909 Fillmore st. ______
YOUNG Japanese boy wishes situation as
— hoolboy. T. UEHARA. care Buddhist Mis-
sion. S07 Polk et. Telephone Polk 3S02.
JAPANESE wishes work as a school boy near
Crocker Grammar School. 810 Stockton st.
S. OKUTA.RO.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
»ub»-crlptlcns fcas been established at 1095
V»l>nc<a st
FINANCIAL.
Option for sale. Fifty shares or more.
J. S. EWEN,
Stockbroker,
< Telephone Main 1552.) 318 Pine et.
COMPANIES incorporated and financed; stock
and bond issues guaranteed, underwritten and
sold: stock acceoted for services. Sei.d for
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATE3
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post.
FLATS TO LET.
HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list; ser-
vice absolutely free: take advantage of this :
department: It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-253 Geary
St., on the square. * . ¦
A SUNNY corner upper 6-room flat, basement:
half block from Market st.. within 13 min-
utes' ride of Golden Gate Park; Castro and
Eighteenth- st. cars. ."r>i3 Seventeenth gt
NICE 7-rocm flat; newly tinted: sunny; reason-
able. 447 Broderick St.. bet. Hayes and Fell.
LIBERTY, 221, near Dolores — Flat of 5 rooms;
bath, ?as; cheap rent.
NEW upper flat and large attic. 2707 Twenty-
first su ¦
XO iet— Flat of four rooms; 1897 O'Farrell.
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post st.
2 NEW flats of 5 and 0 rooms: strictly modern;
lots of light and sun. 1569 Grove st.
$11— SUNNY upper flat; 4 rooms. Apply 413
Hyde st.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
COME out to-day and see El Monterey, a hand-
some new brick apartment house. juBt com-
pleted; of old Spanish mission architecture;
located on the north side of Pine St., bet.
Hyde and Leaven worth; equipped with every
modern convenience for refined housekeeping;
electric elevators and elPctrlc lights; hot and
cold water; janitor service; gas ranges, etc.;
the apartments consist of three and four
rooms, furnished and unfurnished, and range
In price from $30 per month and upward;
apartments may be engaged now on the
premises.
FCUMTURE FOK SALE.
$75 — GARLAND upright piano, carpets, stove,
dishes, furniture, milch goat and brooder for
sale. 2020 Point Lobos ave.
FURNITURE WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462,
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HALL WANTED.
WANTED — Hall for meeting purposes, once a
week. F. J. PERKINS. 133 Ninth st.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE. ,
WANTED — t cooks, S35. $30; lunch cooks,
•^ $7 50; lunch waitress. $1 day; waitress for
Vallejo, $30; cook, mining camp, 12 men, $30;
cook, $30: chambermaid and laundress, same
house, $25; 2 waitresses for Carters, $25;
maid and seamstress. $30; 3 second girls, $20,
$2T>; laundress, $30; 4 nurse girls, $15, $20,
$25; working housekeeper, $25, city; house-
work, Belvedere, $30; chambermaid and wait-
ress. Alvarado, $25; waitress, home $25;
kitchen helper, same home, $25, and 40 gen-
eral housework - girls, city, and all nearby
towns. $20. $25. $30. Apply to J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. 331 Sutter st.
HAIRDRESS1NG, manicuring, massage, hair
work; remr.val of superfluous hair taught
from A to Z In 2 weeks for $4 50; positions
guaranteed; $10 to $20 per week; school day
and evt. 233 Geary r. 13; maids prepared.
A — LADIES, learn all branches halrdresstng
trade; manicuring, massage, etc.; 1236 Mar-
ket St.. cor. Jones, room U4: positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
WANTED— -,
WOMEN AND GIRLS BY THE CALIFOR-
NIA FRUIT CANNERS" ASSOCIATION
FACTORIES AT
FRANCISCO AND TAYLOR STS.,
SEVENTH AND BERRY STS.,
SANSOME AND VALLEJO STS.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY-
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES. 32 % FREMONT ST. AND 1S73
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
PICK HOPS — Reduced rate tickets now ~n
sale; parties leave dally, beginning August
10; crop heavy; picking easy. Call or write
E. CLEMENS HORST CO.. 122 Battery st
S. F.
WANTED — Experienced operators on wrappers
and ladles' muslin underwear In factory-
home work given. MARKS BROS., 1220
Market st. ,
GIRL to assist light housekeeping and learn
good trade between 0 and 5; nice home; Ger-
man preferred. Address .box 4981, Call.
WHOLESALE house desires a wide awake
woman to travel; position permanent. Box
4982. Call office. ;
WANTED — Girl to wash dishes and assist the
cook in an institution; easy place. Box 49S3
1 Call offlca..
HELP WASTED — -MALE— Con.
MURRAY & READY, >
634-636 Clay st. Phone Main 581S.
BUSINESS 7 A. M. UNTIL 10 P. M.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Our office half block long; 14 clerks employed
By our own printing plant we publish a
free bulletin of labor nightly; ready for dis-
tribution 7 a. m. ; also noon and evening
editions. Get one,
THl3 IS WHAT
-MADE US FAMOUS.
We Know No Distinction Between Man and
Man.
YOU ARE ALL EQUAL.
YOU ARE ALL WELCOME.
1902 We Gave 1903 We'll Give
45.000 Men Work. 60, COO Men Work.
We ship you Free to one.
Free to-day. Free to all.
Ogden. Utah. . All parts Nevada.
Los Angeles County. Santa Barbara,
Chatsworth Park. Hawaiian Islands,
Santa Susana. Oregon,
San Fernando. , Washington,
Los Angeles County Central America,
Arizona, Willits, Uklah,
And AH Points North. East, South.
Including Ogden. Utah.
Carpenters and helpers, pile drivers, fence
builders, drillers, single, double and machine
men. corner and bench hands, muckers, chuck
tenders, car dumpers, teamsters, laborers,
track men. cooks, waiters, blacksmiths, etc..
$5. $4. $3 60. $3. $2 50. $2 day.
Free fare.' Free fare. Free fare.
Everybody talking. Thousands going.
Are you? Are you? Are you?
MURRAY & READY,.
' 634 and 636 Clay at.
MECHANICAL HELP.
68 blacksmiths, $3.
0 helpers, $2; 12 bench bands, $3 50.
9 caroenters. $3 to $4.
Carriage makers. $4.
12 coopers, lie barrel.
9 brick molders, $3 60; Iron worker, country-
155 other mechanics, $3 to $6 day. '
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
155 Coal Miners. Oregon. Fte« Fare.
155 Coal Miners. Oregon. Going Free.
Free Fare— 55 Men Wllllts-Ukiah To-day.
MURRAY & READY, C34-636 Clay st.
BOYS. BOYS. BOYS.
12 boys for a box factory: fare $5: $32 80 and
found. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay.
BIG SHASTA LUMBER
LUMBER TRUST SHASTA TRUST
15 laborers, general work, you'll suit, $72 60.
2 screw setters. $105.
2 off bearers. $82 60.
10 cross-cutters for woods work, $60 and fd.
25 laborers to pile lumber, $S2 50.
SPECIAL FARE, $5; STEARY. Good Jobs.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St..
FEE $1— THAT'S ALL— $1 FEE.
FREE FARE. 666 MEN. FREE FARE.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC R. R. DIVISIONS.
Santa Barbara District. Santa Cruz Dist.
Kan Luis Obispo Dlst. Santa Clara Dlst.
Bakersfield Dist. Sacramento Dist.
King City Dist. * Alameda Dlst.
Soledad Dlst. '\ Paso Roblea Dist.
Salinas Dlst. Los Angeles Coast Dlst.
Los Angeles Dlst. Fresno Dlst.
Guinda Dist. , ; ¦ Cordelia Dlst.
Madison Dist. Farmington Dist.
Also hundreds of different places on their
Divisions on every train.
NORTH. . EAST. SOUTH.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
CARPENTERS, BOSSES AT
CARPENTERS. OUR OFFICE.
9 of them to build barns, sheds, etc.. mil-
• lionalre's own private work, tfOq fare, $90.
6 carpenters, factory fare $1, $90.
MURRAY & READY. 634-63G Clay st.
$5.OC0.00O ; BANKING SYNDICATE^
25 men among fruits, etc., fare $1. $20 fd.
MURRAY & READY, 634-630 Clay st.
TUOLUMNE COUNTY. R. R.-FARE PAID.
25 laborers, big lumber trust, $60.
____ _^ U^RAY & READY. 634-630 Clay st.
$1 TO BUTTE— *l7 CHICO
20 teamsters, laborers and axmen. $75.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st
WHERE ARE THEY? '
SO LUMBER TRUSTS AND SYNDICATES.
LOCATED IN FOUR STATES.
MANAGERS HERE. TWO TERRITORIES.
FREE— FARE— FREE.
095 laborers, no experience wanted, $35 to $70
and found.
1SH experienced mill and yard men, $40 to
Sl.'O and found.
o-SS woodsmen, $10 to $150 and found.
Ktlckermen. • Tallymen.
S[,oo! tenders. Machinists.
Muckers, trackmen. fyp.e pullers.
Blacksmiths, wood turners, barkers, car
loaders.
Tree fellers. Jackscrewers.
Leg loaders. Shingle sawyers.
Dolbeer loggers. Carrlagfc setters.
Swampers and trimmers. Gang tdgermen.
Saw fliers.
Pond men. band sawyers, carriage doggers,
sorters, graders and , peelers, chain tenders,
shingle packers, also jointers, chute build-
ers, $40, $50. $G0, $70, $S0, $90, $100 to $150
month and found.
SfHi woodchoppers, tiemakers. shlnrle, post,
picket and box bolt makers; tools and pro-
visions found.
BIG L ¦ MURRAY & READY.
TRUSTS. 634-C3C Clay st.
NEW RAILROAD WORK. ~~~~
155 Italians. FREE FARE.
156 Greeks. FREE FARE.
lf.5 Austrlans. FREE FARE.
Board yourselves: managers at our office;
see them. i
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay* st.
COPPER— COAL.
SPECIAL.
10 machine miners, large gold mining com-
pany, $!)0.
1S6 miners, stngle and double hand; machine
men, muckers, tlmbertnen. furnace men, etc.,
$»6. $85 and $75 and found.
3S0 laborers, no experience required, $60. $75.
Fares from $1 50 to $5; many managers at
our office.
TUNNELS— QUARRIRS.
180 drillers, hammersmen, laborers, $90, $75
and $C0.
THEY WANT YOU.
12 laborers for mine no experience wanted,
$12 and found; fare $2.
For stables— 12 men, $00 to $75.
For farms — 125 men, $30. $35. $40 and found.
I For orchards — 250 men, $25, $30 and found.
For dairies — 65 men, $30. $35. $40 and found.
For chores — 36 men and boys, $30, $25, $20,
$15 aod found.
For hay, harvest — 63 men, $1 50, $2. $2 50
day and found.
oO fruit pickers. $26 and found.
LOOK!
SO teamsters, city. $22 week. $2 to $2 50 day.
555 laborers, country. $2. $2 60 a day.
Coachmen, gardeners, private choremen.
MARRIED HELP WANTED.
IS men and wives for mines, ranches, dairies,
hotels, sawmills, etc.. $40, $50. $C0. $70. $S0
and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. ETc! ~"~
37 cooks, all over California, $90, $80, $75,
$t>0, $50, $40. $35 and found, for hotels,
mines. «awmil!s, camps, ranches, cafes, res-
taurants, saloons, harvest outfits, etc.; crisp
maker. $10; porter, city store. $10; second
cook, mine, S10; also waiter, $30; steward,
$50 'and found
18 waiters, $.15, $40, $30 and found.
30 pot and dish washers. $35. $30. $20 and fd.
18 bell and elevator boys, porters} bedmak-
era. $30 to $15 and found.
0 butchers, $40, $r.O, $G0, $,"0 and found.
12 laundrymen, all classes, $18 week up.
6 bakera' helpers, $55, $40, $30 and found.
12 boys, learn trades.
We publish a free, bulletin of labor dally,
containing 10,000 positions: get one.
MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st
SPECIAL ON MIDNIGHT "'
MAIL. PHONE AND TELEGRAPH. -
Baker, city Institution. $40 and found.
• 6 laborers, board yourselves. . 10c fare, $2 25
day ¦/
2 laborers to run car, mine. $1 40 day fd.
- 4 men -about threshing outfit, fare $1 50,
$40 and found*
Bedmaker. porter, bellboy, city hotel, $20
and found up.
Butcher, Sonoma County, $35 and found.
Butcher, all-round man. fare $3, $40 found.
A SPECIAL.
Bartender, German, country hotel, boss
here, $10 f d. ; also yard man, same place. $25
found; 2 carnage setters, boss here, $2 V5
day and board.
Blacksmith, Alturas, fare paid, $3 50 day.
3 furnace men for mine, $3 fare. $75.
Assayer, old mine, dobs here. BIG SALARY.
Young man about meat market, 5Oo fare,
$22 50 and found.
Buttet maker, also milker, north. $40 and $30
and found.
4 laborers, manufacturing company, fare
30c. $60.
Man run boring machine or crosscut saw-
yer. $2.
Two waiters, same hotel, fare $2. $30 found.
2 teamsters. 2 horses, haul straw, fare $1.
$30 and found.
Potwashrr. also silver man, city cafe. $30
and found.
Third baker on bread, shop, fare $1. $35 fd.
Man and wife, ranch, boss here. $40 found.
SPECIALLY GOOD.
10 teamsters. 10c far*. $40 and found.
6 laborers, factory, board yourselves $2 day.
Cook, hotel, mine town. $50 and found
Biggest wages at MURRAY A READY'S.
Best places at- 634-636 Clay st.
NEW TUNNEL. ~
6 drillers, free . fare. $75.
4 muckers, free fare. $67 50.
2 tunnel drillers. $120.
6 muckers, tunnel. $90. . J-
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Pay gt.
EUREKA— FARE $2 50— HUMBOLDT CO.
25 laborers; you'll suit: BIG, GOOD, LUM-
BER COMPANY. $60: BOARD. ETC. $18.
- MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
FREE FARE — 6 bridge carpenters. $3 25.
12 men to assist carpenters, same Job, $2 25
day. •qgB8Pa*__giag»*s*-&A*t«J
., Free fare. • Call early. Free fare
, MURRAY & READY. . 621-620 Clay »*.
HELP WASTED — FEMALE— Con.
GIRLS FOR FACTORY WORK; GOOD
WAGES; PAID WHILE LEARNING;
STEADY EMPLOYMENT; EXPERIENCE
NOT NECESSARY; APPLY AT ONCE.
AMES & HARRIS.
100 SACRAMENTO ST.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit
and canning; steady work; highest wages.
Apply California Canneries Co., Brannan
et.. between Third and Fourth.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit: *t#*dy
employment, highest wages. CODE-PORT-
WOOD CANNING CO.. Bryant and Tenth.
GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall season;
trade taught from start to finish In one month
for |5: positions guaranteed at $10 week up.
Eve. School only. 143 Stockton St.. rm. 13.
GOOD finisher on custom coats; steady work;
good wages. 110 Olive ave., off Polk, bet.
Ellis and O'Farrell ste.
A LADY of indomitable energy to make money
and a convincing talker. F. PERSON. 477
and 478. Parrott building.
A — Practical Millinery School, eatab. 14 years;
terms easy. S16 O'Farrell. for. 1000 Van Neks.
WANTED — Girl for general housework; wages
15 to 18; 3 in family. 537 Scott st.
NICE young girl to care for child. 2570 Mis-
sion St.
FIRST-CLASS cook for small boarding-house.
573 Ellis st.
FIRST-CLASS sewers ladles' waists, ' tennis
goods, etc. H. FRIEDLANDER. 338 Fell St.
GIRL assist light hovsework; -apartment; $12;
sleep home. Apply after noon, 415 Turk.
RELIABLE girl for light second work and
sewing. 1180 O'Farrell St.; references.
OPERATORS ON SHIRTS AND OVERALLS.
STANDARD FACTORY. CORNER GOUGH
AND GROVE ST8.
EXPERIENCED salesladies; steady position
for right parties; apply between 8 and 0.
THE GAMOSSI. 101 Post et.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for cooking and house-
work; wages ?20; good home. Villa Mlra-
mar, Ocean boulevard.
GIRL for general housework and cooking;
German or Protestant preferred. 2225 Pa-
cific ave., upper fiat.
ITALIAN lady who can speak English wanted
to travel. Apply Girls' Directory, Contral
are. and Waller st.
GIRLS wanted at G. M. KUTZ SHOE CO..
103 Mission st.
MACHINE girl and finisher on vests; appren-
tice. 041 >£ Stevenson st.
WANTED — Lady as business agent: stout pre-
ferred; good salary. Box 40-10, Call.
GIRLS to learn millinery. $10; easy payments;
evening school only. Box 4930, Call. ___'''!
WANTED— Laundress for Institution; all plain
work; $CB month. Address M.. box 4C36. Call.
WANTED — Girl for cooking and general house-
work; wages |25. Call to-day. 1727 Vallejo.
TAILORESS as pants finisher and apprentice.
5^4 Kearny st., room 17, too flcor.
ELDERLY German Catholic weman; cooking
and housework; $7 per week. 1071 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements aj-id
subscriptions has been established at 1096 ,
Val>-niia st, |
H E LP V^Aj<TED-— MALE. ; .
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
520 SACRAMENTO ST.,
Phone Main 1191. Cor. Leldesdorff st.
STEAMER SAILS TO-DAY. CALL EARLY.
CALL EARLY. STEAMER SAILS TO-DAY.
STEAMER SAILS, TO-DAY. CALL EARLY.
ASTORIA— OREGON— NEAR PORTLAND,
ON COLUMBIA RIVER.
ASTORIA on O. R. & N. Co.'s S. S. Geo. W.
Elder. FARE $3, including berth and meals.
FEE $1. FEE $1. TO ASTORIA.
NO STRIKE. CO. WORK. NO DISCOUNT.
50 laborers. $51 50 and found.
60 rockmen, ?59 and found.
BIG CROWD GOING. ARE YOU?
TO ASTORIAi YOU HAD BETTER GO.
TUNNELS. FREE FARE.
fi tunnelmen. $75 to $S2 50, 8 hours.
«J muckers, $60; 6 tunnelmen, $75; near city.
2 tunnelmen. $120; 3 muckers, $90, 30c fare.
8 miners, $75 to $90; 2 laborers, muckers; I
miners, $60 to $75; laborers, $2 day.
BUTTE CO.. CHICO— FEE $1— Ship To-night
50 laborers, rockmen, teamsters, $2 25 to
$2 50 a day.
* SAWMILLS, ETC.
20 laborers. $2 40; 25 lumber pliers, $2 75; 10
boys, box factory, $1 75 day; 2 screw setters,
$3 50 a day.
North: Half Fare; Sash and Door Factory.
10 young men, $1 50 to $2 25 a day and in-
EUREKA— HALF FARE— LUMBER CO.
20 laborers, mills, yards And R. R., $40 fd.
_ MISCELLANEOUS.
B Italian stonemasons, $4 day.
10 Swede Uimber pliers, Shasta Co., $52 and
found; 3 farmers and teamsters. $30 to $35
and found: man to take contract pick 350
tons prunes, NORTH; 50 laborers, different
jobs. $2 to ?2 25 day. _¦„¦_ ¦ „_
Cook, dredger, easy job. $30 to $35 fd, boss
here; roustabout, same dredger. $30 fd.
Dishwasher, camp, SOc fare, $30 fd.
Man and wife, care for -millionaire s country
home; good wages.
FREE FARE TO WILLITS— FEE $1.
20 laborers and teamsters, $2 25 day.
5 laborers. $1 60 fare, TUOLUMNE CO mill.
Mart, call and read our bulletin boards.
Hundreds of other jobs. Get a list of jobs.
PACIFIC EMP. AGENCY. 020 Sacramento.
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
69 Third st.. nr. Call bldg.: phone Bush 405.
FREE FARE— FREE FARE.
NEVADA AND UTAH.
We ship dally: S. P. Co.'s Own Work.
500 laborers. $2 a day.
490 section hands, all parts of California.
Bakersfleld, Fresno, Sacramento and many
other points.
8. P. R. R. Co.'s Own Work.
FREE FARE— FREE FARE.
EVERY DAY.
CHATSWORTH PARK— FREE FARE.
10 tunnelmen, $3 a day.
10 drillers and muckers. $2 25 a day.
15 laborers, near city, $2.
10 drillers. $2 25.
BUTTE COUNTY — CHICO.
50 teamsters and rockmen. $2 50 day.
60 laborers and axmen, $2 25 day.
COAL MINERS.
FREE FARE— OREGOXM.
j- 25 miners, $1 a ton. „„.'..
3 woodchoppers, oak, 2 tiers. 16-inch, $1 75 a
cord.
12 laborers. $1 50 a day and board.
2 carriage seuers, sawmill. $65 and found.
Edgerman, $S0 and board.
. CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 59 Third gt.
A — HOTEL Gazette 26 Montgomery, room 12.
Porter. *$25; houseman, $25; night waiter,
$40: laborer. $l'a day and found;- second
cook, $50.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 per
pair, foot-form shoes at $2 60, or orthopedic
thocs, $3 50; best shoes on earth. 11 Third
St.. Examiner building. 5 doors from Market.
'A' MAN.* of indomitable energy and push, a
good talker, eager to make money. F. PER-
KOV. 477 _n_ 47_ Parrott bMc
S P I HtTTAHSM.
• PHYSICAL eeance to-nlcht. 25c, S o'clock;
I readings dally. 50c. 61S Ellis st.. lower floor.
DR. Collln.-. enly trance writing medium on the
coast, circle to-night. S. 104'JA Market St.
MME YOUNGTS convincing test circle to-
niEht. JOc. 619 McAllister; comi*. 8 keptlcs.
ETh'flVrINDLE. special materiallzlns seance
Thursday. 2 p. m.. 5itc. 1115 Post et.
, EBERHARDS test meeting. 8 p. m.
sharp: luc. 32r.o 22d st.: readings dally.
JOHN SLATER'S circle to-night at S:15 sharp;
readings 10 to 4. 33C O'Farrell si.
MME. SWAN SON. spiritual medium and card
reader. 17 Fourth st. .
EDWARD EARLE. 1C52 Ellis, readings daily.
j 9:30 to 4; teanees Sunday and Thursday.
j KATIE HEUSSMAN. circle Friday evening.
I ;r.<- : sittings. 1000 Harrison st.. cor. Sixth.
! CLAIRVOYANTS.
I iZ CA-I/AT ONCE AND SAVE $2.
f My Regular $3 Reading This Week for
¦ SI $1 $1 $1 $1 ? 1 *1 * x
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
I The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
PalmlM Ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree ar.d guarantee to
make you no charge If I fail to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for; I promise
to tell you whether husband, wife or sweet-
heart is" true or lalse; to tell whom and when
you will marry: £ fact. I will tell you every
hope, fear or ambition better than you can tell
vourself. He restores lost affections, reunites,
the separated. caus;s epeedy and happy mar-
riages, makes you successful and prosperous,
cures disease and lost vitality without medi-
cine, locates hidden treasures; hours 10 a m. to
8 p.m.; Sundays 2 to 8. 32C O'Farrell el., 3-6.
MJIE M BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
rontly located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner
bldg : she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; if you are In trouble-, dls-
eontentea or not satisfied In life, or have do-
mestic love or business troubles, consult this
cr> rat medium and you will be told how to
overcome them: valuable advice in all affairs
cf life- 25c up; satisfaction guaranteel; read-
lngg by mall. Tel. Black 4569.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
st., cor. Turk: private readings daily. 10 a.
re. to 5 p. — i. : readings by mal! an satisfac-
tory ae in person; 3 questions answered. $1;
fu!l life, ?5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth; don't send currency. Sind postofflce,
Wt-lls-Fargo money order or registered letter.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, horn with a double veil and sec-
ond eljrht: tells the past, present and future;
ladies. SOc; gents, $1; *>>" cards, palmistry
ar.d cUlrvoya-t sitting; $1 50. 126 Tutk st.
Mrs. A. H. Kronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading, 10;. for
a short time only; when others fall try me to :
convince yourself. 402 Franklin near Grove.
A— Mm* Ravenna reids life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 4th st . near M*r*et.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
26 V, Kearr.y. room 20; ladles 25c. gents SOc.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant card rsader: sit-
tir-s daily. 44?^ Jessie st.. bet. 5th and Oth.
DENTISTS.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from SS per set; extracting. 50c; gas given.
A KEW plat«> — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranter; 20 yrs.; crown. $3 50; fillings, SOc;
plates. $5; full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 2TZ Kearny. cor. Bush-
Set teeth. $ 1 W up; crowns, ?2 up; (I lllngs,25c.
GOLD finings 75c. eiiver :55c. crowns $2; no
pain: open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
C. S. DUCKETT. Dentist. 83S Market St.— All
work guaranteed first class.
! 10 PER CENT off this month; estimates free.
! New York Dentists. 0C3 Missicn Ft., cor. 6th.
i DRESSMAKERS dfc SEAMSTRESSES.
j McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
! ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
arfs button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
DYEING __«> CiEA JZNQ.
SEA breezes sweeten all garments, blankets,
lace curtains, etc., done by the Presidio
Heights Fye Works. U915 Sacramento: phone
for wagon. West 453. H. H1CKMAN. pres.
EDUCATIONAL.
A — CALDWELL College of Oratory, Acting.
Opera and Authorship; largest In the West;
14 teachers; positions guaranteed; fall term
Leglng Sept. 7; day & evening class; beautiful
new catalogue free. 1293 Market, cor. Ninth,
j -—__—_—_—_—_____—-————_____________ __
i BAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236 Mar-
S ket; modern. . progressive, practical; estab-
lished 15 years. Gregg shorthand, fastest.
I easiest, most readable. Actual business
I bookkeeping; typewriter at home free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches;
day and night sessions; illus. catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE,
conducted by experts; best combined short-
haxd and commercial course to be had; in-
dorsed by official court reporters. 1SS2 Mkt.
j DANCING — An evening class, is forming now
for private instruction; ladles and gentlemen
only; terms. 55 per month; must give name
and residence. Address A. D., box 4(Jiy,
Call office.
] AYRES, the If -ding business college. 723 Mar-
ket f>t.; special summer course In all depart-
ment*: handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ship, f5O; day and evening sessions.
1 HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; est. 20 years; 1412 Polk st.. bet.
Pine and California; adult cla:;s now open;
children's class will open Sat. aft., Aug. 15.
CALIFORNIA Business College, Larkin *t.
"A thorough school": positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; individual in-
¦tructloa. Write for illustrated catalogue.
THE Berlitz School of Languages has removed
to 1000 Van Ness ave. : rates reduced during
summer. Send for catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil, clec, mln.. mech.,sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 18C4. Van
der Nalllen School, m Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SYSTEM, discipline and results; the Golden
Gate Commercial College, Van Nesa and
Golden Gate aves..S.F. ;tills every requirement
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonia Hall, Howard
Et.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electriclty.24 Post
¦[ et.. S. F.; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day anl
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine Ht Night clats
EZANISH Academy — Professor Arribas: classes
day and evening; private lessons. 834 Sutter.
LESSONS given In Water Color or Oil Palnt-
lng from Nature. CURRIER. 372 Sutter st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar.wrlting.
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mlsslon.nr.6th.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Pittman shorthand, typing, bookkpg.. $8 mo.
_ EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOICI. 421~Post ~st?rteT~1^ush~135^
I Japar.ese-Chlnere employment office; fur-
r.lshes best help; contracts for farm help. etc.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp Office 415
Stockton: tel. Grant 1CS; expert.rellablo help..
CHINESE Employment Office— Best help at
Lccn Senng'g. 411% O'Farrell; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
Hct; all kinds hejp 315 Stockton: Main 6188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab 20 years
Tel. Main 1H97. BRADLEY A CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED FEMALE,
EASTERN weman. elderly, neat and reliable
eofd cook, experienced, economical house-
keeper, liken children, wishes situation; ref-
erences; wages $12; no postals. J., 237
Natoma Et.
WANTED— A »oman with a child would like
position hs housekeeper or light housework.
Uox 4051, Call.
GERMAN girl wants to do housework and as-
sist with cooking; wages $20. Box 4U77, Call.
MOTHER and daughter would like to work
together in the country as. cook and helper
Box°4" Mlltt ' WUh chtldren: wa K e « 130 to &5.
AS chambermaid in lodging house or hotel
north of Market and *a«t of Larkin st by
-.oman SO years old; sleeps at home. Answer
box 4CJ4. Call office. *
BY middle-aged American woman, position as
housekeeper in Email family; country nre-
lerred. Address Housekeeper. 1 Polk st.
A CAPABLE woman wants cook's position on
ranch, camp or email boarding-house 046
Harrison rt. room 15. second floor.
A RELIABLE woman would like washing and
house-cleaning by the day. Inquire 125 Oak
- st., basement.
JAPANESE girl wants position: willing to do
work In the city. Box 4(37. Call.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. C33 McAllister st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been' established at lOUtf
Valencia et.
6AX FRANCISCO CALL.
1 BUSINESS OFFICE cf The San Frandse
••Call. * corner Market and Third rtreets; cpei
or.'l! 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— £27 Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 8:30 p. m.
SuO lUyts etreet: open until 9:-'>0 p. m.
. CSi McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m
fil5 Larkin street; open until S:30 p. m.
1M1 MiMion street; open until 10 p. m.
:_C1 Market etreet corner Sixteenth; opei
cctll 9 p. tn.
1C0 Eleventh rtreet; open until 9 p. m.
10P6 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m. I
Northwest coiner of Twenty-seccnd and Ken
lucky ttreets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillrnore Ft^eet: open until S p. rn.
MEETI\fi__SOTICKS.
YERBA Buena rhai'ter of Rose r-t ¦
«'roix No. 1. A. end A. S. B— II i
THURSDAY EVENING. August jS: I
*j. lMM. Commandery Hall, Ala- |5l
wnic Tcrcplf-. at 7:30 o'clock fTj
.'liaip. Stated meeting, t ran sac- Ml
boa of bufinots. At S o'clock. i
• allfd communication. «n <-lab- — ¦*
arste dramatic iircscntation of
itM l.*>th £egf«a ttt the rite in full form, bj
Oothwmane Chapter No. 2 of Oakland.
HARRY J. I-ASK. M. \V. and P. M.
HENRY Ul'RNER. Secretary. »
» MISSION Char.UT No. 7:t. R. A. M.— ®
Stated nirftinr THIS (THURSDAY) W
EVENING. 7:M0 o'clock. Royal Arch /VA
degree. By order erf the H. P.
JNO. B. HILLMAN. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodpe No. 1. F. and A. «
M.. w«l meet THIS (THURSDAY) Vy
KVJ-N1NG, Aus- 6. -• 7:30 o'clock. /V\
Stated meeting. T?y order of the
Master. FRANKLIN II. DAY. Secretary.
lirELITT Lodse No. 120. F. and A. CJ
M— Stated moetlr.t THIS (THURS->_\f
DAY) EVKKIN'O, at 7:30 o'clock. By/V\
order of the TV. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
<R<«CKKTT LODGE No. 133. F. & A. «
M. — Offlcers and members are not '- > *C_f
n>d to attend the funeral of our de- /VN
erased brother HENRY FORTRIEDE,
from Mascr.ic Temple. FRIDAY. August 7,
st 1 p. m. J. B. RORERT6. __ _L
I«>niC Lodffe No. 2HS. F. and A. M. — 9
Stated meeting THIS rTHCRSUADVY
¦rVKXING at 7:3<» o'clock. Bv order of />r\
the Master. J. R. GOLDSMITH. Sec.
STARR KIN'G Lodge No. 314. F. and A. ®
M.. ."U7 Devissdero Ft. — Stated meeting '•/Vf
.THIS EVENING at 7:. 10 o'clock. /V\
A. A. ANDERSON. Sec.
TERBA BUENA Lode* No. lr.TT
¦' 0 F.. meet? THIS <THrRS- ••"•<^SfeTi
UAYI EVENING. Initiatory de-^^^fflgS
Rre<\ VisitlnR brother* welcome. ~J».-i*r^*
l-y order. FRANK KRl'Lf.. Noble Grand.
¦ 'HAS. A. WISL'WELL. KftC. Sec.
ACEMS WAXTED.
AN ectne and inUlliccm canvaFser can earn
not lets than f20»J i^r month; must have
food relerenecf. Secretary, room 201, Spreck-
? is Annex.
'¦VANTED — 2 or 3 house to house canvassers;
p>*->£ -^ofUion for first-class men. Apply «(
/ 1114 T"'eshinpton Et.. Oakland, bet. .a ani 12
w a. tn.. ?ooxn 3.
??<¦• for 100 copying letters; steady employment.
Particular* EVERETT NOVELTY CO.. P.
O. hex 2453. San Francisco.
AGENTS — A new money-maker. F. PERSON.
477 ana 478 Parrott tide.
LADfES and men canvassers <-n prf-mlum books;
>alary and commission. 1521 Mission st.
ASTROLOGY.
Aftrolcgy taugbt. torefcopes catt. Prof. Ray-
tccr.d. bookstore. U3 Etta. By mail if de?lre_
ATTOKXEVS AT LAW.
ADvIceT^RKE— ALL i LEGAL MA1TERS.
DIVORCE AND PliOBATE CASES.
No pay in advance — No charge without
Baciy; estates, attachments, damages.
R. C. ADAMS.
Room 2:6. third floor. Exa nir':r building.
ROST. W. KING, atty-at-law. _\air.lner Md..
rm.. €11; a'l cases. <!acia<es, estates, wills,
atta.chraer.ts. collections, etc.; consultatiro
!rre; co advanoe charsea; call »ri:e;
tven.ngs by appointment. T«l Red 3OI1.
PROMPT attention to all cases; divorce.estate*.
collections; no fees unless successful; call or
•Tlte: eves. Tues. and Fri.; est. 15 yrs. ED-
WARD ACKLEY. 927 Market; tel Jessie 1530.
AUV1CE tree — I wl'l advance cost in merltorl-
cus cssee, divorces, probate and all other law
ra*et: no fees in advance: open every even-
trr J. M. THfRETOX, 619 Market St.. r. 31.
ADVICE iree: divorces a specialty ;<;ulck. quiet:
no charge without success; established 15 yrs
G W. HOWE. 1122 Market St.. opp. Itale's.
L. S. CLARK. Emma gp.-eckels bldg.. S27 ilir-
k*t tt.: cor.sult£.tion free; no fees in advance.
AITKEN _ AITKEN. attorneys, rs. SG&-10-11
C:-nie bloc.. 603 California St.; tel. Main 727.
KICK MATTHEWS, attorney at law, 6.J2 Mar-
k«-t St.. room 23: legal advice: bank ref«.
BIRDS, DOGS. ETC.
fcOUMQ taiking parrots, J5 each ;Germ_n singing
<ar.aric£, *2; we will try to please ~ou;every-
thir.g In cur llr.<- at right prices. 1546 Market.
BPS_atg»5 CHANCES.
A — >:*-•.•'. COI1NEK salocn in who!esale~district;
estab. many years, and knov.-n as a first-class
paying: business. See R. G. WILKE, 2t5',i
Kearny rt.
A— $::„}: RESTAURANT and coffee saloon, on
P'-st st.; rent $'-H>; average dally receipts
$1S; a bargain. R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny.
' EI00O— CtQAB store near Market and Third.
$"<«) — Cigar ttore in wholesale district
$K*W— Old established wocjd & coal business.
$11.000 — Ladies-' furn. and art store; bargain.
OCCIDENTAL INVESTMENT AND R_AL-
' TY CO.. :n<< Kearny Et.
LARGE general store, Eanta Clara County,
Ftock and buildings, together or separate, to
'x-hanpe for ranch. MOr-'SMAN. S50 Market.
FOR salr- — Prfss cigar store, 117 Elite; owner
must lea\-e city; call after I.
UEtTAl-'RANT: rushing business: seating 52:
snap; no Sunday work; departure. t>W»
Fourth st.
SAVINGS bank depositors— A gilt-edge 5 per
cent *-Acurity In «mall lots. Address by mail
ll_NRY BROCK. 731 Baker st.
E8008 WILL buy interf-st in long-established
K-feuU— Ue and commission business; invest-
i»fnt will ray 157c Uox 4274, Call.
FIRST-CLASS bowling alleys In lively bay
town for rfnt. Address box 4GM, Call.
FOR saie— Grocery : win sell to auctioneer.
U. SMITH, 12.%0 Sanchez ft.
DCTGHER shop for Bale; on corner; good lo-
__tt~; doing nice business. Box 4048, Call.
$275 JJL'VS paying cigar store to-lay; new
stock; bargain; register; rent 515. 211* Third.
I'lKrfT-CLAHS bakary for sa> in country
tow.i. Addroyy Box jug;. Call office, Oakland.
SALOON for sale. H\V. cor. Eddy and Kteiner
streets.
Ua'.rSreEEing psrljrs.cheapivalue in sight: good
__loc_non; retiring, lira Market, bet. 7th-feth.
<: i£an^&^ 1 £ and thofcing thop: *°^
OUTSIDE route No. 4 this paper for • sale.
Ii.qm-r- hardware store. Ktth and Folsnm sts.
LODGI^G-HOLSES FOR SALK.
ICO ROCMS; house- fcr men; rent "tlioTTTTfiooO
f.S ro;:ns; south cf Market; rent JlOO*. 2000
24 rooms; corner: part cash; fcal. easy! 850
11 rooms; pood Income; rent £20 350
21 rooms; water front; rent $40; iease fi'O
J 20 rooms; good lease; low rent C5O0
67 r— it. : apartments ;Wc-stern Ada; rent. 250
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, roadhouses, flats. 5 to 100 rooms
EITF.L & CARROLL. 212 Kearny sL
MAni"N GRIFFIN, rm. 400. Examiner bldg —
Hotels. >|.artiwnt Housm, Flats and
ROOMING HOUSES. A BIG Fltl'.E LI ST.
f~'<O — S ROOMS, furnished; rr.f>n roomern- tnedl-
ral agency: 2 yrs. lrase. Mossmgn.y.0 Markt.
CARPET-I!i:ATI.\G A.\D CLX5AMXG.
Alii, compressed, dry, ice cold, is now univer-
sally us>ed in (sanitarily cleaning carpets on
flcor. without removal or injury; prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIH
CLEANING CO.. Call big.; phone Main %%O.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
t-^nd for RPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
¦:;- Works. C.-,.- l -S^7 Tchama St.; tel. South 40.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-teaUng~Co\. J. McQueen 7
proprietor. 323 Guerrero at., tel. Mission 43.'
TRY HOPKE EKOS.; excellent carpet -beat I nTT
rrtittrfrrnt made over. 14.12 Howard ;South 216
Ai/» ANck cartel Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter ¦_•
tf!. ?.!aln VM <;EO vvai/~om * CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating worlts; prices
reasonable. 17as Harrison st.: tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
:v:~. Grid^n Hat" nve.: trVtihnnp East 126.
CIIIROPODISTS. '
DUN LAP FOOT~INl?riTTJRnr~50~7j«ary— AU
«i;m»rt> r.f the feet curpd: com*, buniom.etc.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
ADVICE free; bad tenants ejected speedily CO-
LUMBIAN LAW AGCY.. r. K5. i)l6 Market'
tcl. Red CIS; collections: gen'l law business!
CAD tenants r-Jected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 418 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 5W>0.
Wj\ - _ ~ T|_g| .
'¦%=—* \ ¦ ' zt. ~~5»._
$=* \ -' _J^-__=_#
With a satisfied smile both these gentlemen say
That their Ads in The Call they bave ever found pay.
They have tried it for years and have long lost their fears
As to whether 'twas wise. We don't claim to be seers,
But we herewith predict if we publish your Ad
That your business will grow and you'll always be glad.MADRID.. Aug. 5. — Because of the rumor
that an attempt had been made on. the life of
King Alfonso the Government has Issued a
statement - officially contraUIctlnjr tho report,
and. further, denying that the King Is indis
posed. . .
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, August 5. .
Stmr Eureka, Jessen. 26 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Ruth, Reed, 48 hours from San Pedro."
SAILED.
Wednesday, August 6.
Stmr P.edondo. Krog. San Pedro.
Stmr Santa Crux, Gielow, southern coast.
Stmr Westport. Smith. Westport.
Stmr Chlco, Jensen, Bandon.
DOMESTIC PORT.
ABERDEEN — Arrived Aug . 6— Stmr Santa
Monica, hence July 31.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
HONGKONG— Sailed Aug 6— Stmr Empress
of China, for Vancouver, via Yokohama, etc.
. QUEENSTOWN— Balled Aug 3— Stmr Ulto
nla, from Llveroool. for New York. ;
Arrived Augj 6 — Stmr Saxonia, from Boston,
for Liverpool, and proceeded. • t
LIVERPOOL^ — Arrived Aug 6— Stmr Fries
land, from Philadelphia, via Queenstown; ttmr
Oceanic, from New York, via Queenstown.
Sailed Aug 6— Stmr Canada, for Montreal;
stmr Majestic, for New York; stmr Noordland,
for Philadelphia, via Queenstown.
, ANTWERP— Sailed Aug 5— Stmr Switzer
land; for PhiladelDhla. •
iAte Shipping Intelligence.
Rudolf and Emma Horber (owners) with B.
¦Kiel and M. B. Dye (contractors) — All work
for a lV4-story frama building on W line of
Tenth avenue. 175 S of Clement street. S 25
b> W e" G. *Fett (owner) with George P. Con
non ' (contractor) architects Salfleld & Kohl
herir _All work for a two-story and basement
frame residence on E line of South Broderlck
street, 146:3% S of Thirteenth, 8 27 by E 100;
f5167. ¦ '
Builders' Contracts.
Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society to Louise
Lauterbach. lot on N line of Nineteenth street.
162:11 W of Guerrero. W 3. NW 100.16. E
Ernest W. Klevesahl to E. E. and Minnie,
H. C and Sophie and F. W. and Julius Klev
esahl lot on N\V corner of Twenty-eighth and
Guerrero streets, W 60 by N 114; also lot on
5 line of Twenty-eighth street. 151:8. W of
Guerrero, "W 51:4 by S 114; gift.
Harry Wheeler to Carrie G. McElroy, lot on
E line of Chattanooga street. 205 N of Twenty
fourth. N 30 by E 117:6; $10. ~
Helena Murphy (wife of Thomas). Catherine
Murray (wife of William F.). and Martha Rob
erts (wife of Frederick T.) to Angelo Delmonte.
lot on S line of Vallejo street. 173:6 E of
Montgomery. E 21:6, by S 67:6; $10.
Robert H and Eana J. McGowan to Doro
thea Koppltz. lot on W line of Stockton street.
CON of North Point. N 77:0 by W 137:0; $10.
Charles and Ermlnia Magglnl to Wallace C.
Wise lot on W line of Powell street, 7716 S
of Washington. S 20 by W 00; $10
Amelia Cross to Christian Schmld. lot on N
line of Glover street, 206:6 W of Jones. W 23
by N 60; flO. .
Andrew Anderson to James E. Brennan, lot
on W corner of Fourth and Brannan streets,
NW 30 by SW 80: $10.
Meta Schmidt and William H. Henshaw (and
as trustees) to same, name; $10.
Palomares Land Company to J. W. Wright
6 Sons Investment Company, lot on EJlne of
Fortieth avenue. 150 S of Point Lobos avenue,
S 100 by E 120; $10.
Mary R Allen to Martin O'Donnell. lot on
E line of Twenty-second avenue, 225 S of
Point Lobos avenue. 8 25 by E 120; $10.
Patrick Noble to Edward E. Glllon. lot on
E line of Fourth avenue, 100 S of Point Lobos
avenue. S 50 by E 120; $10.
Solomon and Dora Gets to Lizzie M. Blaneh
ard (wife Of J R). lot on E line of Forty
ninth avenue. 237:6 S of J street. S 25 by E
120" $10
Estate' of Robert W. Tanslll (by E. L. Bald
win administrator) to E. O Burns, lot on N
line' of M street. 32:6 E of Thirteenth avenue,
E 23 by N 100; $ •
Margaret Rlordan (widow) to "William F.
and Joseph M. Rlordan. lot on N corner of
Twentieth avenue and H street NW 75 by
NE 100 lot 16 block 390.. South San Francisco
Homestead and Railroad Association; gift.
Alfred Thur to McCarthy Company, lot 8,
block 48. Sunnyslde; $10.
Margaret Rlordan (widow of Michael) to Jo
seph M and William F. Rlordan. lot on SW
corner of Thirty-second avenue and B street,
SW 200 by NW 800. lots 1 to 8 and 21 to 24.
hinrk 857 Tide Lands; also' lot on NE corner
of Twenty-third avenue and C street. NE 200
bv SE 300 lots 9 to 20. block 764. same; also
lot on N line of Third ayenue 100 NW of D
street. NW 160 by N 100, lots 5. 6 and 7. block
38. same; gift.
City and County of Ban Francisco to Benja
min Mayers lot on W line of Scott street. 82:0
S of Pine. 8 32 by W 137:6; $ .
Jano Floyd to John Walton, lot on E line of
Mission street.- 305 S of Twenty-first. 3 30 by
E 122:6; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Marga
ret Menihan. lot on S lino of Seventeenth
street 85 E of Guerrero, E 25 by S 90; 9
Andrew P. Magrane to Joseph C. and Valen
tlna Vlschi. lot on S line of Union street, 195:6
W of Gough. W 25. S 137:6. E 23:11. NE 137:6;
$10. . ¦ ' L
Rosalie or Rosalia Stich to Henry and Bertha
Fox, lot^n N line of Fulton street. 85 E».of
Buchanan. E 25 by N 80; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Samuel
Irving, lot on N line of Lombard street. 273 W
•of Larkln. W 34:4% by N 137:6; $ .
Mary Levin to Louis Levin, lot on N line of
Geary street. 110 W of Polk, W 27:6 by N 120;
gift.
WEDNESDAY. AUGUST 5.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Under this regime of an interregnum of
eighteen months the question of the division of
The objects for action of divorce are to de
termine the Individual status of the parties
to the action and to determine the division of
communal property. An appeal can be taken
from any decree within six months, conse
quently by this amendment to the Civil Code
the time of appeal ia extended to eighteen
months.
OBJECTS OF DIVORCE.
The case of Deyoe, which is to be made
the test of the constitutionality of the
amendment to the Civil Code, is based
upon an appeal .for a writ of mandate
compelling the Superior Court of Mendo
clno County to grant a final decree of
separation to Deyoe and his wife, Annie
I. Deyoe.
The arguments, upon the decision of
which hangs the fate of the popular trips
to Reno, partook of a nature so legally
technical that any prospective divorcee
would have blanched with terror at the
intricate ramifications of the counselors'
oratory- J. M. Mannon Jr. of the firm of
Mannon & Mannon in outlining the case
for the plaintiff said In part:
The amendment to the Civil Code la uncon
stitutional on the following grounds:
It is a special act regulating the practice of
the courts of justice.
The object of the law Is not expressed In its
title.
It Is a special act where a general act can
be made applicable.
It interfiles with the uniform operation of
general, law.
By the act passed by the Legislature
the former law permitting the marriage
of divorced persons after a year from the
date of the decree of separation was made
more stringent by an addition to the
Civil Code. This required that Judges of
Superior Courts should make Interlocutory
orders upon hearing the • testimony In di
vorce cases and file with the County
Clerk their findings of the facts therein.
These findings are open to amendment or
may be appealed from six months after
their Issuance, but a final decree of di
vorce cannot be granted until a year from
the date of the recording of the court's
finding.
TECHNICAL ARGUMENTS.
The constitutionality of the amendment
to the Civil Code relative to judicial
procedure in divorce cases which was
passed by the last Legislature Is now be
fore the Supremo Court for confirmation
or adverse decision. The arguments in
the case of Frank C. Deyoe against the
Superior Court of Mendoclno County,
which was appealed to the Supreme
Court, was submitted yesterday, and the
test of the law Is now in the hands of the
Justices. '
Amendment of Legislature
Must Stand Test in Su
preme Court.
Constitutionality of the
Code Revision Is at
Stake. •.
LAWYERS ARGUE
ON DIVORCE LAW
THE SAN FEAK CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 6, 1903.
The law of divorce is a distinct branch of
the law and the objects of such proceedings
Justify Us classification -a* a special act. The
evils cannot be avoided and the objects.accom
plished by any other method of Judicial pro
cedure and consequently special laws are nec
essary.
The laws regulating procedure in actions for
divorce are not special laws merely because
they are made applicable only to such actions.
The ultimate object of divorce proceedings la
not to postpone remarriage but to prevent such
action pending the time when an appeal may
be made.
H. S. G. McCartney of Los Angeles ar
gued for the constitutionality of the
amendment in part as follows:
( NAPA, Aug. 6.— George E. Goodman
Jr.. until recently teller of the James H.
Goodman & Co. Bank in this city, died
at his residence in Xapa {his morning
from consumption. He was a son of
George E. Goodman, president of the local
bank and a director in the Bank of Cali
fornia and other San Francisco financial
Institutions. He was a native of Cali
fornia, 35 years of. age. He leaves a
widow and one daughter. His wife H
the daughter of the late song writer, Har
rison Mlllard. Goodman was a member
of the Native Sons, of Napa Comman
dery t Knights Templar; of Islam Temple,
Mystic Shrine, and was one of the most
popular young men in this section.
communal property is needlessly complicated
and laid open to fraud.
The entry of the interlocutory order aa pro
vided for by the amendment is directly Con
trary to the legal procedure of this State. It
Is no part of the object of action for divorce
to prevent remarriage after the separation Is
decreed.
Identified With Several Financial
Institutions, Passes Away.
George E. Goodman Jr., Who Was
DEATH OP PROMINENT
BANKER OP NAPA COUNTY
LONDON, Augr. 5.-A long list of hon
ors conferred fc the King in connection
with the royal visit to Ireland was pub
lished to-niRht. The recipients Include
Sir John Charles Ready Colomb. M. P..
chairman of the Irish Appeals Commis
sion and a Justice of the Peac© in County-
Kerry, where he has a seat, and Thomas
Andrews, chairman of the County Down
Council and a prominent Ulster man. who
have been made Privy Councilors, and
Sir Daniel Dixon Lord Mayor of Belfast,
and Edward Fitzgerald, Lord Mayor of
Cork, who have been created Baronets.
Other honors are distributed to the offl
cials of the principal towns visited dur
ing the royal tour.
High Stations for Others of
the Emerald Isle's Lead.
ing Men.
Mayors of Cork and
Belfast Are Made
Baroneta
KING'S HONORS
FOR IRISHMEN
13
STATEMENT
——OF tILeS i
CONDITION AND AFPAIB3
— — OF THIS
11 IMA
INSURANCE COMPANY,
OF PHILADELPHIA. IS THE STATE OT
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber. A D. 1902. and for the year ending oa
that day. as made, to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the Stata of California pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and 811 of th«
Political Code, condensed aa per blank furnish.
ed by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid
up in Cash I3CO.00O 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. $206,700 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages... 337,922 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 864,638 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledgs
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-. .
ketable securities as collateral. 137.000 00
Cash in Company's Office 4,934 31
Cash in Banks 00,583 63
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 683 79
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages ,...<.... 7,423 88
Premiums in dua Course, of Col-
lection !.... 73,132 W
Bills receivable, not matured.
taken for Fire and Marln*
Risks ...y 215 19
Rents dua And accrued 4S4 47
Deposit wfth Philadelphia Fir* • •
Underwriters' Association 100 00
Perpetual deposits in course of
collection ...» 8,833 70
Total Assets M .tl. 743. 003 61
LIABILITIES. ~~
Losses adjusted and unpaid $10.174 71
Losses in process of Adjustment
or in Suspense. 17.463 04
Losses resisted. Including expenses 9,222 S3
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running on© year or less, $300.-
703 43; reinsurance 60 per cent., lit, S3 1 22
Gross premiums on fir* Risks
running more than on« year,
$300,167 CS; reinsurance pro
rata 131.673 11
Amount reclalmable ' by the In-
sured on perpetual fira insurance
policies 866,353 00
Due and accrued for salaries,
rents, etc 8,430 43
Commissions and Brokerage du«
and to become due 17,727 14
AH other liabilities j 12,133 87
Total Liabilities $1,278,051 42
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fir*
premiums $532,163 63
Received for Interest on Bonds
and Mortgages 21,540 13
Received for interest and divi- .•*:.:.--
dends on Bonds. Stocks. Loans,
and from all other sources. 40.654 31
Received for Rents • 9.397 75
Received from all other sources. . • 77.C92 33
Total Income $701.457 23
EXPENDITURES. "
Net amount paid for Fir* Losses
(Including $31,080 08. losses of ,.¦•-.*.
previous years) $239,024 4!)
Dividends to Stockholders 30.000 CO
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerago 120.961.00
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 29.52S 13
' Paid for State. National and Lo-
cal taxes 11.038 S3
All other payments and expendi-
tures • 68.363 54
Total Expenditures $493,019 9S
'. , Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year ....$235.389 88
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
- written during the
year $43,598,060 $503,628 83
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 40,143.250 445.103 17
Net amount in force
December 31. 1902. 50.579.940 639.869 53
ROBT. B. BEATH. President."
DENNIS J. SWEENY. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 13th
day of March 1903.
MARY L. CAMPBELL. Notary Publto.
gutteITfr ank,
General Agents,
303 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
MrvTCA ! ¦ i.\STt;nr.tF:\Ts row.
r*:.'.UTIKi:L 3-peC.il BtCfSWBjr u; right pisno;
t'rr:ert orcor; yacrifltv. KezKV*.2S:i O'Farreil
F«rr;!l>- failiwi fcr Australia olt««rs at sariiSc*
he'fidsome f:e!cway upright piar.o. 01« Eddy.
r Bl"Y direct- !rrm tiie factniv and rave Lu per
«fltt. -VnOnKCaTQ. gt6 M'cAlltt-Ur gt.
KOUEKR k CliASE, ;:o oVarrelfst. ; lareesc
sr.<j d>>ft riano house.
BEST renting rl:mo In citv for $3 per month.
Si'CTT-CtKTAZ PlANp'CO^f.TO Hayes ft.
EAIifiAIN. eocd ujirifchf must I"" sold at
' oye. P«"HiIITZ &¦ CO.. ie McAllister Et.
£C?iMER. Byron Msaiv I'lano*. Cedltaa piano
• Player.- DTftQH MaL'ZY. so»-si2 Post Ft.
' v i°"»!ris. "rithers. c!d~ anl new. H.
_ ail. LLER, maker, repttrtr. 2 Latham place.
A REEK'S news ror 8 cents—The Weekly Call.
3" racf». in «Ttpp»r. for milMr.C- fl pe' r €ar -
'. OFFICES AXD STOKES TO LET.
nifiliA SPP.ECKELS building. J27 Mark.'t at. —
Offlc« to let; re:;t $15- !i£lit. l;->3\ janitor anl
, teiephone. ASHTON* & XYHDINER.
'712 'SANSOME ~ft., near~~Ja7lisor. -Handsome
larre store; rent f25. .
6TCRK suitable for bakery ;~1 Java tt. Apply
_ tij" Ba<*Bt Vista avo. — — — — — — ,
I pgngoafAiA. ¦¦'-'
a— facial bltoushes removed.'
TVnnkirs, y»-Uo»- end tlabtv skin, birthmark!*.
*raallp<?x jim!r:cs a:vi scars scientifically re-
moved without cuttinF.EiaEfage.electriclty or
Ri*<Hcine- si,rc;a! d»monFtratlons this week.
fall ct Tvrite UK. L. WILLIAMS. 371 Geary.
WANTED— TrFfadiesTwith scalp diseases; los-s
cf hair ar.d rirerr.ctjre praynees prevented.
HCan treat by mall. l<!ank for stamp.) Con-
C'Jltation fref 8:30 « ri l ' ; Sundays, JO to 1.!.
Prof. "GEO A. CARLO W. Specialist, room
218. 997 Ms-k°t ft." .
UORrHINE opium ana laudanum habits cured
«t heme by a pain'.ess home treatment; in-
dorsed and used by leading phyFlclans; corre-
fpfcndcnc* strictly confidential; In plaln.seaied
envelope; call or write to-<!ay. India Drug
Cure 201 Turk st.; Iiruce D. Klromls. Mgr.
(THE Star Hair Remedy restores rray h«tr. Im-
proves its growth ;f=tops fal!:ng;cures dandruff
ar.d itching scalp; r.o stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp :at druggists', hairdressers' ;ao
ecpt no substitute. Star RemedyCo..3S5Geary.
ilY v.lfe, KATHERINB PARENTI. having
left — :y bed and board. I will not be respon-
sible for any debts contracted by her after
this date. JOMEN'ICO PARENTI.
X. HENRY VESSEY. will not be responsible
fcr any Ce*bts Incurred by my •wife. Mrs.
Elizabeth Vessey, fehe having left my bed and
board: August 3, 1P03. ¦
ti(XT how cheep but hew good, is the motto of
tfce manufacturers cf the Rapid Rotary
Standard the sewinc-machine cf to-day. J.
• W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market st.
VhTSICIAN, 15 years* erperience. cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
•ddress Central Pharmacy. 231 Grant ave..
• corner Sutter St.: fee moderate. -
SlAI carpets T^ove to order and fcr sale; elsa
chenli!e-wove rugs, silk pcrtieres; dealer In
.cari>et twine, In hank or chain, at lowest
• rates. Geo. Matthews. 703 Fifth st.. Oakland.
HaNCING Tutsday, Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonia Hall. Howard
et.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
!aT lets than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
end trousers at CHARLES LTONS'. London
Tailor.' 721 Market st.
ELEGANT suits en easy lr.stal!--.enti; BO cent!
ir.d up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
ket St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
WANTED— Physician to take private office
ar.d fhare reception-room with established
<3enti»t; downtown phys. Hflg. Box 4'.<S4, Call.
MIX— M"«t me Thursday mom'.nir. 10:30, Sixth
end Market sts.; Important. G. J. R.
EUITS to crder en installments. $1 per week.
. Ncuhau* & Co.. merch.talIors.727-729 Market.
ALL f tyle* hairdressing, 25c: hair goods; manl-
' curing 25c. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
YaTLC'R-MAPE fu!t 57 50: dress pants $2 50.
"Micfit. Clotting Parlcr. cor. Bush and Dupont.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and molts removed by
electric needle. Dr.&Mrs.Traverse.ll70Msrket
, MASQUERADE cofturr.es, play books, wigs,
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO . 733 Mkt.
ALFBitDL'M'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
• • hair to iu r.atural color; $1. at all druggists.'
•£uj>erfluoi:6 hair & moles removed with elec-
trlc needle. Mrs, ft Miss F.aton, 1119 Sutter.
VARICOSE velrai and catarrh cured at hrme.
Call or write for testimonials. Dr. WILL-
IAMS CO.. 140 Geary ft.. S. F.
PALMISTRY.
2IADAU PEVAG.ertentlllc r>a!rnl«t «*".a a**ro!o-
piFt. Office. 2B Liebei bldg\. 139 Post St.: $1
<al~! readir.g a ppecia'ty; open Tuesday eve.
PAPERHAXGING. PAIXTIXG. ETC.
r.OOMS papered, $3 50 up; tinting, painting.
Hartrr.ar.n Pa'.r.t Co.. 313 Zi et.: tel. Main 413
I*UVSICIA>S A.MJ MU(.UU\S.
B'R. C. C. O'DONXELL^olfice and~residence.
1021% Market et., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
KLOOD. skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. EALL. 1073^i Market st.
1-iEMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctcr:
treats all diseases of the human body: for
5 a« four years at 115-117 Mason: now lo-
cated at 6C7 Geary st., near Leavenwcrth.
IjR. TONG PO CHY, successor to Dr. Li Po
Ta!, horb dorter; cures all diseases of human
by u«»> tit herbs and teas. 727 Washington et.
TVOXG WOO. the famous herb dector— All <Jls-
«-cse> r-j^pd by Chinese herbr. ~j*)-* Clay at.
rnoposALs.
PROPOSALS — Eld? ¦Ranted— Notice is hereby
riven xhi.t ¦¦ .-..¦ I proposals will be received
by the Board of Directors c* the Veterans'
licrr.e cf California at rocm 1". 320 Sansome
tt.. Fan Fracclsco. Ca!.. up to 3:30 n. m.
en MONDAY. August 10, 1903. for furnishing
UEifcrm coats, ptnts and blouses for the Vet-
era r.s" Home. Napa County. Cal. (It. R. gta-
• tlon. Youatville). for six mcr.ths, ending De-
cember 31. 1W)3. Preference will be given u
i (roods manufactured In this State price,
fitness ar.d quality fc*ir.g equal, under the
provisions cf tec. 32*7 ct the Political Code.
Keen bidder mast accompany his bid with a
. tertiSt-d check upon eome well-known and re-
sponsible bar.kitiK house for at least 10 per ]
tent of the amount cf his bid. payable to
C- Ma?ca Kir.ne. treasurer, conditioned that '
the bidder .will enier into a good aa4 vajid
contract vj.cn cotice cr acceDtance, at re-
t-lrtd by law. The board reserves the right
re reject any or all tide and to order any
Quantity over cr under the amount specified
Address John F. Sheehaa. ix?cretary of the I
Board cf Directors of the Veterans' Heine or
California, roota la. u'-'J Sanscme st Smji
F:-ar,cifx-o. Cai. By crier of the Hotrj ct
Directors. 3OHX F. SHEEHAX. Se=.
PROPOSALS for public buildings. Office roi."
etructlng quartermaster, U. fi. a 34 Keat
ir.g block, San Diego, CaJ.. Aug. o I9o3
' Scaled proposals, in trlrlictte, wi'i be re-
lejvtd here until 10 a. m.. September 4 1S03
and thea be opened for the oor.stnicticn'
j>!umbing. heatlr.g and electric wiring of two
double officers' quarters, cne double N'-r-O
cjuarters ar.d cae coast artillery barrack at
7Vrt Rosecrar.s. Cal. A guarantee required
to amount to 10 per cent of bid. Preference
v.-!II be given to articles of domestic produc-
tion, cost and quality considered e~d to
ertlclea of American production prcdurVd or
manufactured on the Pacific Coat,t. Ciddera
jnuBt state in their bids the time in which
tr.ey will complete wcrk. Instruction to bid
, -<Wg furnished at this office or at office of
chief quartermaster, San Francisco Cal
¦where plans and specifications can be seen'
United State* reserves the right tc accept or
reject any or all bids, or any j>art thereof
Envelopes containing proposal* should be inl
doretd "Proposals for Public Building? Fort
STTiatcrana. CaT." CAPT. R. H. KOlfe.'q. m.
PROPOSALS will be received at the nureau~of
S'jppiiff r.nd Accounts, Navy Department
U'_*bl8CtOB. D. C, until 12 o"clrx:k noon,
September U l'JO?.. and publicly cjxn-vi im-
tT wdiately ¦thereafter, to furnish at the navy
yard. Mare Island. Cal., and Puget Srmnd.
Wash., a quantity of electric lamps, electrical
supplies, rivets, brushes, felt, haJr. <iry goods,
rues. hardTVii.r<\ locks, screws, tools, thcr-
nmmeterE, leather, lumber, rlab r:nc, bar
iron and ste.*!. etMf plates and shape*. pa"k-
Iny. paint*, ta'iow. vaseline, bnus pipe and
I'ipe fittinis. stationery, wastr, machine
tool*, etc. W.sjr.k proposal* will be furnished
upon art'!lcat)'-n to the navy pay office-, San
I'ran'i^f-o. <:al.. and Seattle. Wash. II. T.
B. HARItl.S. Paymaster General. U. S. K.
OFFICE cf- C. qT~M.. Vancouver Barracks,
•VVaah.. July Mt, l»03— Sealed proposals In
triplicate w;!3 ba re<y;iv#>d here until 11
' o'clock ». m.. August 10. I»u3. for furnishing
fcraire and bedding at pczta in iliti depart-
ment for year enrtinc June 20 10O«. Inform-
ation furnished heie cr by quartercnabtcrs
at posts. D. S. reserves the right t'» reject
ir accept fcny or all rrcposals or i^y I-art
thereof. Er.velcjiP? containing prepesa!*
fhould be marked: "PrcpcEiils for Fcrage and
lloddins at — " end uddref^ed to undersigned.
F. H. HATHAWAY. -C. Q. M.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
i'jTvTdEND Xotic^Thp^T^ri^^wdeT^Com^
pans'. f*on.-— A CMCenti, No. 5*5, tt fifty cents
«.V)e» per thare en the iesued capital stock of
th<> company has Iwc-n declared, payable at
f fflcp of the company, rooms 202. 201 and^CKt,
Wayward buildinp. San Francisco Auctiht 10
;»&:j. Transfer book* cIof* Aueruft 3. 1003.
nt noon. <". C Qt'IVJC, Secretary.
A THVIDCXD of 2T. crrts per f'^re of the
••alifornla Schuetzen Park and Buildinff As-
fvt*tion has Tx??n 'W-lared. payable on cr
s'tc-r Aururt 20, Jlnj.'i, at the ofiu-e of the
treasurer of the usoefatton. I»iii<s rteuboij,
312 B:iFh Ft. P. JACODY, President.
O. CIIEMER. Secretary.
STATEMENT
——OF THE
CONDITION* AND AFFAIBS
¦i Off THE — — ¦
ASSURANCE COMPANY,
OF BERLIN. GERMANY. ON THE '31ST
day of December, A. D. 1902. and for the
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia pursuant to the provisions of Sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In cash $250,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. $428,834 34
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 145.000 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
• and Bonds owned by Company. 386,517 28
Cash in Company's Office 23,964 OS
Cash In Banks :.... 259.552 84
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 1,699 02
Due from other Companies, Agents,
etc 634,641 06
Total Assets .$1.770.108 69
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid —..
Losses in process of Adjustment]*
or in Suspense \ $343,773 72
Losses resisted, Includlngexpenses J
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
" running one year or less, $....; .„„„,„„
reinsurance 50 per cent 170.322 50
Gross premiums on Marine and],
Inland Navigation Risks. $...;
reinsurance 100 per cent 200.548 28
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, $...: reinsurance BO
Liability under other departments. 814,510 02
Cash dividends remaining unpaid. 262 60
All other liabilities, S, 594 77
Total Liabilities *• $1.033.016 79
INCOME.
Ntt cash actually received for Fir*
premiums $427,783 41
Net cash actually received for
Marine premiums 886,628 16
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 6,850 00
Received for Interest and divi-
dends on Bonds. Stocks, Loans
and from all other sources 28,828 64
Received for Rents 13.642 85
Received from all other sources. 467.958 68
Total Income $1.330.691 IS
EXPENDITURES. ""
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $ losses of pre-
vious years) $281,812 91
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(including $ losses of pre-
vious years) 249,187 29
Dividends to Stockholders 60,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
. Brokerage 305,678 47
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc..
losses of other branches 161,597 81
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 2,900 75
All other payments and expen-
ditures 47,807 06
Total Expenditures $1,188,985 19
Risks and Premiums.! Fire Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year '$222,226,500 $420,00710
Net amount of Risks . .
expired during the
year ." 223.818.893 427.783 41
Net amount in force
December 31. 1902.. 88.256,500 170.323 50
Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of' Risks '
written during the
year •• $1S6,1O2.211 $2,307,666 17
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 39.404,424 886,628 16
Net amount In force
December 31. 1902.. 10.462.357 125.54S 23
. •¦¦¦;• '."¦- PAUL SZELINSKI. Prest.
MARC MAUEL. Secy.
Subscribed and sworn to befora me, this
30th day of April. 1903.
JAMES H. NOUNAN.
U. S. Consul General.
gutteITfrank,
General Agents*
303 CALIFORNIA STREET,
{ SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. .
, REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SAI.K.
' EASTON. nLDRIL)GE~t~Ca;
MS MARKET ST. 1
AUCTION.
AL'rTION. ¦ ;
AUCTION.
TUESDAY Ausust II, 1003 ]
AT OUK SALESROOM, tfJS MARKET ST.
At 12 o'clock noon.
FIFTH ST. INVESTMENT.
Northeast line. No. :S.Yl t6 r.iil Fifth st.. bet.
i Folfcm and Harrison «*.. through to Hulbert
• place; 3 stores and rooming bouse of 13 rooms
j cbove on Bth «t. and 2-story building of 12
. rooms on Hulbert place; rents $125 si month;
ihls property niUFt be sold owing to a large
mortgage: lot 4"xS0 feet.
BCCHANAN-ST. RESIDENCE.
Wrst line. No. 1<;25 Buchanan st., 5)0 It. soutn
let Post st.; lianiisome 2-story bay-window
' house, 7 rooms and bath: also large basement.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
South line, Nos. 3023-3029 Clny St.. 110 ft.
east of Baker st.: 2 modern up-to-date flats, 5
j and 0 rooms and bath; rent $0t50 a year; inurt-
traee $21<mi run remain.
MISSION IU'ILDING LOTS.
¦FOm-KD PALE.
North line of 24th M.. 160 ft. east of Dia-
j mor.d; •'* fine lots, level and ready for buiUlltiK:
I street Mtumlnized; ears pass the door; lots -0:8
i xll4 feel rsch
SOUTH OF MARKET FLATS.
Pouth line ot Welch St.. Nos. 141, 141A, 143.
143A, 17. r . iret wept of Fourth Ft.; 4 flats, ia
i fine condition, containing 4 rooms each; rent
i for 5.W a month; l"t 25xS0 feet.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE LOT.
North line of Clay St.. !»«> ft. east of central
! ave.; fine lot fur residence or flats; sold subject
i to probate court; lot 25:5Mix70 feet.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
North side. Nos. 138S-l."00-1392 O'Farrell St.,
! 25 ft. east of Lsruna st.; 3 elegant modern
j flats. S-S-<J rooms and bath: rents *135 a month;
¦ lot ft.; mortgage of $S»X> can remain.
OAK-ST. LOT.
i North line of Oak St.. 1^7:6 feet west of
| Fillmore; lot 2.">xi;$7:6 feet: splendid building
• lot; oars pass the door and street work done;
| lot 25x137:4 feet.
NORTH END INVESTMENT.
South side of Bay Et.. 113 feet east of Ptock-
I ten: frame building; renting for f29 a month;
1 lot 22:1 1x68 :» feet.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
East lipe, Nos. fi and 7. Alice St., oft Folsom,
| between 3d and 4th: 3 houses; rent 549 a
! month; lot 40x57:6 feet.
MISSION WARM BELT.
Hart line of Walter St., 218 feet north of
1 14th St.; choice building lot In the heart of
! Mission warm belt; 25x125 feet.
MISSION CORNER RESIDENCE.
Northeast corner of Jersey and Vlcksbura;
; sis.; substantial cottage of 7 rooms and bath;
; als=« fine stable In rear; lot 50x114 feet.
For further particulars apply at our office,
i EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
j G38 MARKET ST.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
REAL estate exchange a specialty; free printed
list. Pacific Coast Exchange Bureau, 850
Market ft.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA RE A{^ESTATE.
A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
Surrounded by flowers and fruit trees; rear
| train and schools; only (2SS0; lot 7.1x125.
JCice 5-room cottage and bath.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
Tel. Grand 1461. 15C0 Park St.. Alameda.
A SNAP— An eight-room modern house; best
cf plumbing, on the sunny side of San Jose
eve., near Chestnut St.; lot 50x150. Can be
bought 'for $S500 for a few days only.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND,
1422 Park st.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$4200 — 7 ROOMS and bath; Grove St.; lot 42x
135; $500 down, balance easy terms. i
I $2000 — 6 rooms and bath: lot 60x120; street
work done; modem plumbing; 1 block from
proposed car line.
| $400— Lots half block from Grove-«t. car line.
j $3500 — 7-room house; barn; large lot: on street
car line; exceptional easy terms to re-
sponsible party.
$1050 — 6-room house, near College ave.; lot 40x
120.
J1600 — 4-room cottage; lot COxlSS.
CHENEY A BERRY,
P. O. Block. Berkeley.
< 56.000 — LARGE block by the Santa Fe; $500
down; balance on easy payments. "- 9
; $1500 — Lot for Tactory site. 221x125. 172
$2«oo — Fine business corner on main thor- .
I ouBhfare, 100x100; come and see it. 120
51000— Corner, 100x100, by the Santa Fe. K
$750 — Old colonial house; lot 50x100; $75
iown; $15 month; save your rent. A24
$600 — Lot. 41x135, on prominent avenue. 161
$4j0 — Corner on railroad, 4Sx"9: macadam. 131
$320 — Lot. 46x120; $10 down; $5 month. 174
$575 — Business lot. 20x75: J2O down. 87
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 1056 University ave.,
rear San Pablo ave.. West Berkeley.
j $4000—1507 PRINCE Bt.. near Santa Fe R. R.;
large 8-room bouse; high basement; sta-
ble; cow barn; 7 houses for chickens; lot
160xlH5; street work complete; call and
inspect.
W. C. MORAN & CO..
2131 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley.
j FINE. new. handsome cottages: up to date; all
conveniences; close to cars; large lots; $1550
to $1000; only $200 cash, balance $16 60 per
month.
W. C MORAN, Lorln station, or
C. C. EMSLIE. Ashby station.
FOR fair dealing, fair prices and good bargains
In housee. lots and renting, see MURDOCK
& CO.. Lorin station. Berkeley.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRCITVALE REAL ESTATE.
$750 — 4-ROOJ« house! sTweredTToT 37x200;
bearing trees; Upper Fruitvale: $150 cash.
S. DOLSON. 202W Point Lobos ave.. S. F.
I I '
1 Mill Valley Advertisements.
i MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
I CHARMING Mill Valley is growing very fast;
new houses are springing up on all sides,
lund values are increasing rapidly; Lyon 6:
Hoas have placed a new tract on the mar-
ket, right at the station, and are selling lots
at from $S to $12 per front foot on terms of
10 per cent cash, balance $10 monthly; over
80 lots have been sold recently; streets arn
graded, water mains laid, electric lights,
etc.; grand old trees; don't delay, but get in
on the ground floor. Branch ofnee. Mill Val-
ley, open Sunday. Send for booklet. LYON
& HOAG. llfi Montgomery st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFPICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAJVD REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— 3000 Realty Syndicate 6 per cent
certificates for one week at 92%.
W. E. BARNARD.
476 Tenth st.,
Oakland.
$450 CASH. $10 monthly — New Queen Anne
lvj-story cottage, 5 rooms and bath; 3 fine
lots. 75x100; all fenced; rich sandy loam soli;
immense shade trees, oak, laurel and pine;
running spring water; a lovely borne; near
: cars and fir.e school: no fogs or winds; ad-
Joining East Oakland; price In all $1250;
nothing like It for the money In California.
Call or «end for circular. 455 Seventh St.,
fpp. Broadway station, Oakland: carriage
free. H. Z. JONES, Owner.
SPECIAL BARGAINS—
$3,000 only for a fne 7-room house; large lot;
all street work done; easy terms.
$1,100 only for a fi-room cottage in healthiest
location cf East Oakland; easy terms;
must b" Bold this week.
P. C. LASSEN & CO.,
4C6 10th st.. Oakland.
LOOK AT THIS. ~~*
IF you want to buy a cheap home on easy
teims. it win pay you to see P. C. LASSEN
& CO.. 4C6 Tenth st.. Oakland.
HOUSE 0 rooms, etc.; modern; 857 37th st.^
n<*ar Syndicate bank and station: a private
loan at your own terms of payment. Address
BulKer. 9:il COth st.. Oakland, Cal.
ALEX. MURDOCK. Chronicle bldg.. San FTan-
clsco. for Oakland. Berkeley or rurnl homes.
OAKLAND ROOMS AXD BOARD.
TO RENT— Rooms and private board. 602
Fourteenth «., Oakland.
OAKLAXD^URXITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORP.OW the daT^CT~ta^tnrTnr?iirnn
turc H. Schellhaas. 11th it. cor. store,0akln4
SPECIAL NOTICES. '
Ladles! Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are best; safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4c
stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladles,"
in letter by return mall. Ask your druggist-
| Chlchester Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. Pa.
I ' T
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
rr.ent free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter st.
STORAGE ANDJIVAREHOUSES. j {
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furnltureT
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725- 1
731 Howard St., near Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
flce Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prlv. Ex. 671.
CONKLIN'8 storage— Furniture and merchan-
dlse. 333 Golden Gate ave.;. phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 840
Mission st.: tel.- Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
I pany. 2320 Flllmore st. ; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
"STUTTERING AXD STAMMEK1NO."~
MELBOURNE System School, Van Ness and
Market: positive cure for all. Don'.t delay.
DISSOLUTION OK PARTNERSHIP.
TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:
H. McDONALD Is no longer a member of
, the firm of O. T. JONES & CO.. he having
this day sold all his right, title and interest
therein to the remaining members of the firm.
G. T. JONES & CO.
Aug. 1. 1003.
MARBIAGE LICENSES.
Th« following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
J George Ebnrllne, 24, 711, Central avenue,
and Wllhelinlna Krueger. 27. city.
Albert Myers. 20, 205 Sanchez street, anJ
Lillian E. Lincoln. 18. 207 Valencia street.
James R. Weatherley. H2, B78 Natoma street,
and Mary E. Ransom. 4N, 578 Natoma etreet.
Frank Radell, Hi, 463 hi Jessie etreet. and
Freda von Staden, 31. 4C3 Jessie street.
Natlian Reich, SL 20S Hickory avenue, and
Minnie Pearlman, 19, 50 Eldridge street.
William J. Vint. 27, Stockton, and Etta
Bpencer, 2fi, Stockton.
I.*o Blum, 32, ISfiS Ellis etreet. and Flora
Cohn, 22, 1S21 Eddy street.
George P. Wetmore, 21, 1228 Stanyan street,
and Rebecca E. Mathews, 18, 2146 Golden Gate
avenue.
Charles H. Scull. 22, 004 McAllister, street,
and Maud E. Gibbs. 16, 1977 Geary street.
John A. Fatjo, 22, city, and Virginia A.
Moore, 22, city. „
Edmond L. Allison, 21. 1633 Bush street, and
Grace A. Lewitt, 18, S(K> Van Ness avenue.
Charles F. Wortliley, 21. city, and Alice
Hlggins, 21, city.
-Fred C. Vogt.. 27. 1130 Mason street, and
Ol§ra C. Nleuwejaar, 24. city.
Frank Piluso, 21. 210' Shotwell street, and
Matilda Aubertln. IK. 240 Shotwell street.
Herman KrandlT, -.'3. 14 Moss street, and
Molly Bercowltz, 21. 42 Moss street.
Herbert C Lunt, 34, lOfl Liberty street, and
Charlotte M. Lill. l'», $03 Treat avenue.
Fred Ulbrandt, 2>\ 1*26 Mission street, and
Annie Craig. 215. 02« Mission street.
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either ot the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BERING — In this city. August 2, 1003, to the
wife of E. A. Bering, a eon. .
MARRIED.
ADAMS— LUCAS— In this city. July 26. 1903,
by the Rev. J. Fuemlellng. Charles Adams
and Gertrude Anna Lucaa.
LINBLADE— ARMSTRONG— In this city. Au-
gust 2, 1903, by the Rev. J. Fuendellng,
Frank Llnblade and Ida Armstrong.
SCHMIDT— GOLLY— In this city. August 1,
3003. by the Rev. J. Fuendeling. Albert
Schmidt and Routee Golly. ¦ 1
~ DIED.
Brown, Paulina Lockwood. Frances
Cesarl. Julius P. Macomber. Mrs. N.
Chlsholm. Joseph Moylan, Patrick •
Clarke. Louis A. O'Donnell. Annie
Conway, Roberta R. Reid, Alma S.
Cowell, Henry Ring. James R.
Daly. Annie Rothschild. Rose
Dolan. Rosa ¦ Sablns. Mrs. Nellie
Flnlay. William H. Hiratton. James
Fortriede, Henry Tannian, Martin
Garrett. Annie ¦ Thompson, Robert A.
BROWN — In this city, August 4. 1903, at the
German Hospital, Paulina Brown, beloved
wife of Richard H. Brown, and beloved
mother of Roseo Brown and Mrs. Harry E.
Hunter of Los Angeles, a native of Ger-
many, aged 62 years. A member of the San
Francisco Frauen Verein.
(PTnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 0 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company,
1200 Mission street,, between Eighth and
Ninth, thence to St. Boniface's Church.
Golden Gate avenue, near Jonea street, whero
a ivquiem high .mass will be celebrated for
' the repose of her soul, commencing at 9.30
o'clock. • Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CESARI— In this city. August 4, 1903, Julius
P., dearly beloved son of Fulton and' Susie
Cesarl, and grandson of. Mr. and Mrs. F.
Cesarl and Mrs. Clara- Rettagliata, a native
of San Francisco, aged 3 years 6 months
arid IS 'days. ¦
CHISHOLM— In this city, August 4. 1903. Jo-
seph, boloved son of Daniel and Delia Chls-
holm, and brother of LHUe, Laura, Vera and
May Chlsholm, a native of Eureka, Hum-
boldt County, Cal.. aged 24 years 8 months
and 3 day.".
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of McAvoy & Co.,' 1239 Market street,
between Elzhth and Ninth, thence to St.
James Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
CLARKE— In this city. August 6, 1903. Louis
At, beloved son of William I. and Olive K.
Clarke, and brother of Marlon M. Clarke, a
native of San Francisco, aged 6 years and 9
months. . • ' •
ICNottce of funeral hereafter.
CONWAY— In Alameda, August fi, 1903, Rob-
erta Rose, beloved daughter of Mrs. Delia
and the late Robert Conway, beloved 'grand-
daughter of Mrs. Catherine Conway and Mr.
and Mrs. Adolph Tanrer, and niece of Mary
Conway, a native of California, aged 4 years
7 months and 12 days.
(C7*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Friday, August 7, 19<M, at 1:30 o'clock, at
her late heme, »1200 Chestnut street. Inter-
ment St. -Mary's Cemetery.
COWELL — In this city, August 4, 1903, Henry
Cowell, a native of Massachusetts, aged 84
years.
ETFuneral private. Please omit flowers.
DALY— In this city, August 3, 1903, Annie,
beloved wife of the late Frank Daly, and
mother of Henry J. Daly, Mrs. Jennie Gaff-
ney and Mrs. J. V. Prior, a native of County
Clare. Ireland..
C7The funeral will take place to-day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her daugh-
ter's residence. 82 Rausch street, thence lo
St. Joseoh's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be citlebrated for the repose of her
soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy -Cross
Cemetery, by electric car from Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets.
DOLAN— In this city. August 4, 1903, Rose
Dolan, a native of Ireland, a member of
the Third Order of St. Dominic. ,
E7"The funeral will take place August 6,
at St. Dominic's Church, Bush and Stelner
streets, where a requiem high mass will be
eung at 9:30 o'clock for the repose of her
soul. Interment at Benlcla.
FINLAY— In this city. August 3, 1903, Wil-
liam Henry Flnlay, a native of Belfast, Ire-
land, aged 40 years.
FORTRIEDE— In this city, August 6, 1903,
Henry, beloved husband of Pauline Fortriede,
and father of Mrs. L. Cochlus and Herman
A.. Augusta and Tlllle Fortriede, a native of
Hamburg. Germany, aged 66 years 1 month
and 20 days.
C7"Fricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited' to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of the H. F. Maass Company, 917
Mission street, thence to Masonic Tempie,
corner Post and Montgomery- streets, where
services will ba held under tho auspices of
Crockett Lodge No. 139. F. and A. M.. com-
. mcnclnR at 1:30 ¦ o'clock. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery. ,
GARRETT— In this city, August 4, 1903, An-
nie, beloved wife of James Garrett, -and
mother of James and Percy W. Garrett, a
native of London, England, aged 57 years
(Hamilton, Ont., and Houston, Tex., papers
please copy.)
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday, August 6, 1003, at 2 o'clock, at
the mortuary chapel of Julius S. Godeau. 205
L NEAREST THE CITY "1
I OFFICE'. 916 MARKET ST. J
F. J. Monahan, President.
MONAHAN & CO.,
!. . (Inc.) . .
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
2339-2341 Mission st. Telephone Mission 31.
I James McGinn, ¦ ' Henry ' Hansen. I
: JAMES McGINN & CO.. ; , I
Formerly With McGinn Bros.. I
Funeral Directors ¦ and Embalmcrs I
214. Eddy, st.: Tel. South 570. I
REAL ESTATE — CITY-_FOIl^ SALB^
SPECK & CO.. C67 Market st.. opp. Kearny.
1 REAL ESTATE AGENTS AND RENT COL-
LECTORS.
¦ FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF PROPERTY.
' DOWNTOWN BUSINESS PROPERTY.
1 $140,000 — >,i block from Market and Mason
sts. ; modern 0- story brick and iron
building: store, ¦ 100 rooms and baths:
rent JfSiiO; leased with cash security;
let 35x130.
CHOICE CORNER.
$100.000— Vicinity Kearny and Bush sts. ; busi-
ness property; corner. 57:6x77:6; rents
$315 month; old Improvements; last
strictly downtown retail piece for sale.
SUTTER ST.
$73,000 — CS:0xl.S7:6; opposite Hotel Pleas-
ant on; magnificent site for hotel, apart-
ment house or office building; Sutter-
st. property close by has recently sold
at $l.'500 per front foot: make offer.
LARKIN-ST. BUSINESS CORNER.
$53,000 — Very best corner; 87:6 frontage; One
building; stores and lodging-house; al-
ways rented.
WESTERN ADDITION CORNER.
$50,000 — Annual rents $5172; beautiful modern
< building; lot S"x85; pays over 10 per
cent. ' -^
NORTHWEST CORNER.
$30,000— 137:6x137:0; substantial improve-
ments; insured for $20,000; mortgage
$30. CCO at !>Vj per cent can remain; pays
8 per cent net.
$18,500— Vicinity Haight and Scott sts.: 68:0x
137:6; ftne Improvements; rents. $140
per month.
GOLDEN GATE PARK FLATS.
$18.000 — Lot 50xi:t7:G: fine substantial flats;
facing Golden Gate Park; rents $180;
can be increased.
$7,000— Three good flats In Mission; rent
$C5 month.
$6,500 — Three fine flats; vicinity 18th and
Castro sts.: rents $58 month; lot 25xl'J5.
$5,250 — Fifth and Clementina sts.; fine front
and rear Improvements; leased 2 years
at $600 a year.
$3,000 — Four tood flats In Mission: always
rented at $48 month.
$2,650 — New cottage' in Mission; 6 rooms and
bath; fine lot.
$1,000— Lot HDxtll; corner cottage; 3 rooms;
In Mission.
SPECK & CO..
667 MARKET ST.
NINTH STREET LOT.
25x100.
Street stone paved: cable cars passing.
PRICE $3000.
AN OFFER WANTED.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
$2000 — HOUSE of 6 rms. and b. on Clipper St.,
nr. Church; good barn; $500 down; bal. easy
terms; must be sold. D. COFFIN & CO..
3303 Mission st.. opp. Twenty-ninth.
FOR sale— House 8 rms. ; high basement; sunny
side lltth, bet. Valencia &' Mission; no reas.
offer refused. Stephens & Co.. Unlon-sq. Mkt.
J2S0O — RENTS $30; 3 flats, 4 r. each on Vallejo
et., nr. Leavenworth. Address 1128 Vallejo.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing; $1 per year.
REAL ESTATE — Country — For Sale.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logue sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO., 648
Market gt.
110,000 — 4O ACRES good healthy vineyard near
Lfvennore. SILAS C. WRIGHT. Llvermor-j.
hllUHHA.V REAL ESTATE.
MAPS and Information of San Rafael, Ross
and Mill valleys and Marln County of
CROKER & CO.. real estate agents. 137
Montgomery st.
ROOMS FOR UOUSEKEEPISG.
HERBERT (The) — Sunny apartments for
housekeeping; gas ranges; Just newly fur-
nished. 1530 Polk st.
JESSIE. 333— Sunny room, furnished house-
keeping; gas range; desirable; $10.
LEAVENWORTH, 512'4— Large sunny room.
Inc. gas; $12. Also, 3 sunny rooms, $20.
O'FARRELL. 1516 — Very nicely furnished sun-
ny front housekeeping rooms; parlor floor.
SEVENTH. 191 — To let, furnished rooms for
housekeeping.
STOCKTON'. 1206 — Model house, newly fur-
nished; front housekeeping rooms; phone.
VALENCIA. 209 — Two sunny housekeeping
rooms; gas range, running water, bath, phone.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received st Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and I'nfarn.
AA — City Room Renting Agency,
1104 Market st., cor. Turk and Market sts..
Rooms 3 and 4. Phone Jessie 4471.
FREE FREE
We locate you free of charge
in Rooms with or without board.
Housekeeping Rooms or Hotels.
A— HOTEL NETHERLAND — EUROPEAN
PLAN, 18 TURK ST., 4 DOORS FROM
MARKET: 250 OUTSIDE. ROOMS; STEAM
HEAT AND TELEPHONE IN EVERY
ROOM: RATES 75c A DAY UP; SPECIAL
RATES BY THE MONTH.
A GENTLEMAN of regular habits can secure
a single room or alcove suite, sunny and
comfortably furnished, with private family,
one block from cable and electric car lines
and 5 minutes' walk from park entrance;
references. Box 4953. Call.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per 'light, $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth Kt.)— Rooms. 25c, 60c. $1, $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
ANTLERS, 415 Turk — 3, 4 and 6 room, apart-
ments for hkpg.; strictly mod.; elec. elevator.
A LARGE furnished room for 1 or 2 gents;
bath; running water; references. SS9 Post st.
BURNETT. 1426 Market — (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rooms, eultes, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
FIFTH, 33 — Sunny bay-window rooms; also
single rooms; $1 60, $2 50 to $4 per week.
GEARY, 878 — Cozy single room, $7 per mo.;
also one rear, separate entrance, $5 per mo.
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission— Room* 50c
to $1 60 night; $2 to $0 week; reading-room.
HARRISON. 784 Vi. near 4th— Finely furnished
gunny rooms; bath; homelike; $1 week up.
HOTEL GRAYSTONE
C6 Geary st.: phone Bush 8S').
Centrally located fireproof hotel; elegantly
furnished suites, with baths tnd singles.
JRSSIE, 359 — Nicely furnished front room and
kitchen; gas, bath, phone; $15; references.
KEARNY. 420— Six beautiful rooms to let.
LYON. 1617, bet. Bush and Pine — Sunny room;
furnished or partly so.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
ROYAL House, 120 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
readirg-room. smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night, 35c- to $1 BO; week. $2
to $S; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SECOND, 84— Sunny furnished front rooms
cheap.
TURK. 810 — Nicely furnlahed rooms; suites or
single.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy St.. near Market
— 400 single and family rooms; 35c to $1
night; $1 75 to $0 week; elevator; electric
lights: reading-room; free bus and baggage.
VAN NESS ave., 619 — Renovated; handsome
sunny furnished suites front rms. ; mod. conv.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d St., near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
85c to $1 50 night; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1000
Valencia st.
ROOM* AXD BOARD.
AMOY. THE 901 DEVISADERO ST.
Strictly first-class family hotel; sunny rooms,
suite or single; billiards; steam heat.
OLD Stevenson Mansion, opd. Grace Church,
with annex, 807 California st. — Attractive In-
terior; exceptional table; free billiard-room.
OCTAVIA. C06 — Rooms $5 up; breakfast and
dinner, $2 50 a week.
ROOMS AXD HOARD WANTED.
WANTED — By young lady, room and board in
private family; location somewhere around
Jefferson square. Box 4G35, Call. .
~ ROOMS WANTED.
WOMAN wants housekeeping room, unfur-
nished, top floor, in Mission; closet and use
of gas; rent $3 a month. Box 4052, Call.
TYPEWRITERS AA'D SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS^W>
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 630 California; telephone Main 280.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gomery st. m
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
¦„ Web»ter Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 203 Sansome.
Montgomery avenue. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
LOCKWOOD— In Oakland, August 5. l»03. *J
572 Ninth street. France* Lockwood. beloved
mother of W. W. Lockwood. Mrs. M. M.
Bull, J. L. and Rudolph Lockwood. Mrs. M.
. Prescott and Percy Lockwood. a native ot
New York, ased 61 years.
MACOMBEK— In this city. August 4. 1303.
Mrs. Nancy Macomber. mother ot Mrs. J.
H. Lock, a native of Maine, aged 89 years
1 month and 25 days.
CTFrler.ds and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 819 Grove street. Interment prlvats.
MOYLAN — In this city. August 5, 1903. Pat-
rick Moylan; beloved brother of Mary Moy-
lan. a native of County Galway. Ireland,
aged «i2 years and 9 months. (Boston ana bt.
Paul. Minn., papers please copy.)
O"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<Frlday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. S20 Minna street, thence to St. Pat-
' rick's Church, where a high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Croas
Cemetery.
O'DONNELL— There will be an anniversary
requiem mass In St. Teresa's Church, Mne-
teenth and ..Tennessee streets, Potrero, this
Thursday moraine, at 0:30 o'clock, for the
repose of the soul' of the late Annie 0 Don-
nell. Friends are Invited.
REID — In Haywards. August 4. 1903. Alma
Stedman Reid, beloved wife of R. Reid, aged
22 years 1 month and 19 days.
E?"Funeral Thursday, August 6. Inter-
ment at Oakland, private. •
RING— In Vallejo. August 4, 1903. James R..
beloved husband of Mary Ring, a native of
Copenhagen, Denmark, aged 68 years and 0
months.
(CTFiiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral from his
late residence, 74<! Butter street, Vallejo, at
2:30 o'clock Thursday afternoon. Interment
Carqulnez Cemetery.
ROTHSCHILD — In this city, August 5. 1903,
Rose, beloved wife of Lew Rothschild, be-
loved daughter of Mrs. Miriam Goldberg, and
sister of Mrs. Ralph Cohen, Mrs. Philip
I^ewls and Mrs. Milton A. Nathan, a native
of Ban Francisco, aged 30 years 1 month and
8 days.
ICFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Friday), at 10 o'clock, at her late
residence, l»«6 Oak street. Interment Hills of
Kternlty Cemetery, by carriage.
SABINS— In this city. August 5. 1903. Mrs.
Nellie Sablns, beloved mother of . Walter
Johnson, daughter of the late Matthew and
Ellen White, and beloved eister of Margaret
and Matthew White. Mrs. D. Klmball and
Mrs. II. C. Moyce, a native of San Fran-
cisco.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Friday), at 10 o'clock, at 2234
Taylor street.
STRATTON— Entered Into rest, in Berkeley,
August 5, 1903, at the residence of O. V.
Lange, 1400 Milvia street, James Stratton.
father of Mrs. Ida A. Coady. a native of
Bofcton, Mass., aged 83 years 7 months and
20 days.
GTFilends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Friday af Urnoon, August 7, 1903, at 2 o clock,
at tha residence of O. V. Lange, 1400 Milvia
street, Berkeley. Cremation private.
TANNIAN— In this-ctty. August 5. 1903. Mar-
tin, beloved husband of Conelia Tannian,
beloved eon of Mrs. A. and the late John
Tannian, and brother of Mamie, Kate and
Annie Tannian, a native of San Francisco,
aged 88 years and 21 days.
K^The funeral will take place Friday,
August 7. 1903, at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 616 Union street, thence to bt.
Francis Church, where a high requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment private.
Please omit flowers.
THOMPSON— August 4, 1003, Robert A.
Thompson, son of the late Judge R. Aug.
Thompson, a native of Virginia, aged 73
years.
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral from the
residence of his sister, Mrs. O. W. . Huie,
Forbes avenue, San Rafael, at 2 o'clock.
Thursday, August 0. Interment at Santa
Rosa. '
ST. DOMINIC'S Church Building Association—
The monthly requiem high mass for the de-
ceased members of St. Dominic's Church
Building Association, and for parents and
* relatives of living members, will be sung In
St. Dominic's Church Thursday, at 9 o'clock.cate for the high school grade — Walter E.
Trefts. - ¦ , ¦
For your office stationery Bank, Stock paper
is great. Mysell-Rollins.,22 Clay.* •
D. C. Warren,' a private stationed at the
Presidio, was thrown from a wagon yes
terday afternoon and suffered a fracture
of the hip bone and several lacerations.
Warren's mule team took flight as it was
descending a hill and fell. The Injured
man was treated at the post hospital.
Soldier's Team Takes Flight.
Is almost constantly Irritated by wind
and mineral laden dust. Inflammation,
redness,- itching and burning, followed
by granulated eyelids, are the results.
MURINE EYE REMEDY gives quick
relief. Doesn't smart; soothes eye pain.
Makes weak eyes strong. Your druggist
or optician sell Murlne at 50c. •
The San Francisco Eye
Framing the Picture
Is sometimes almost as difficult as nam
ing the baby. You find the tack an easy
one If you bring your pictures to us and
try the mouldings and mats here. We
Wave »o many varieties of mouldings and
t-uch exquisite ones, that a satisfactory
selection i* quickly made. Sanborn, Vail
4 Co.. 741 Market street. •
JCETV TOKK. Aug. B— Alice France. S5 years
eld. at one Utne a wril known actress, and a
nember of a famous Er.gllfh family of actors
And actress**, died suddenly here to-day in a
CfcULf) iBdfl&K-hOU&ft
Pending the settlement of the legal bat
tle over a right of way Into Eureka a
parly of surveyors has been working on
a branch line which Harriman contem
plates building eastward from the coast
at Fort Bragg to a point on the extension
of the California Northwestern, a few
miles above Ukiah or Willits. This line
will tap another rich timber belt on the
coast and will practically leave nothing
for the Santa Fe to feed upon north of
there, where the timber has already been
cut nearly up to the town line of Eureka.
Tha only serious handicap that con
fronts Harriman and his business agent.
A. B. Hammond, in carrying out the elab
orate plans for connecting San Francisco
.with Astoria by means of a coast line Is
the approaching litigation in the Eureka
courts between the Southern . Pacific rep
resentative and the Santa Fe.' Shoujd a
decision . be rendered against Harriman
and Hammond the railroad magnate will
still have control of. the peninsula oppo
site Eureka, and by some means yet to
be determined upon he will endeavor to
enter the lumber port, despite the ob
stacles thrown in his way by the San
ta Fa. .
SURVEYORS AT ,W0RK.
this project as one that would not assure
sufficient returns for the money invested,
in that the territory through which the
route is defined Is not rich in timber or
other natural products.
Johnny— Pa, what is the law of supply
and demand the papers tell about? Wise
Pa— It Is a universal law, my son, that
when a man Is well supplied with thl3
world's goods hei demands more.— Boston
Transcript. ) r'.v. :
NEW TORK, Aug. 6.— Callfornians In
New York: San Francisco— J. E. Damon,
P. Blackledge, C. E. Foye. at the Astor;
A. Buer, Mrs. G. T. Folsom, D. H. Blake,
at the Herald Square; .the Cole
man, G. R. Ferguson, M. A. Gunst, at the
Netherlands; T. F. Kelly and wife, at the
Union Square; C. H. Kornbeck, N. M.
Peterson, at the Morton; Miss E. Decker,
Mrs. C. H. Miles, at the Victoria; J. W.
Flynn, Mrs. M. C. Mastlck, Mrs. G. B.
McAneney, at the Holland; A. H. Smith,
at the Navarre; 8. Weil, at the Imperial.
Los Angeles— M. Flynn and wife, at the
Grand Union; G. I. Kyte, W. B. Wafferd,
at the Herald Square; Miss Petrey, at the
Westminster.
San Diego— D. C. Collier Jr., at the
Union Square.
Californlans in Hew York.
Lester end Curtin, "the man-o'-wars
inen," presenting a clevrr comedy acro
batic act, and other high class specialty
twwple are pleasing the Chutes' patrons
every afternoon and evening this week.
Business continues in the same old way
at Fischer's Theater, where crowds pack
the house at «>very performance of "Un
der the Red Globe" and "The Three Mus
keteers." Next. Monday there will be a
new double bill. Including "The Big Little
Pr!nce%s" and the travesty on "Quo Va
dis" called "Quo Vans Iss."
A "bargain matinee" of "Janice Mere
dith" will be given this afternoon at the
California. On Sunday night we are to
tee the Nelll-Morosco company In the
great Annie Russell success. "A Royal
Family." -— ::
"In Wall Street" is in Its last three
nights at the Grand Op^ra-house. Sun
day night the Jtog^rs Bros.' latest and
greatest success, "In Harvard," will be
produced, on a scale of splendor.
The vivacious and sprightly comedy,
"Tbc Butterflies." played with spirit, is
finding much favor at the Alcazar. There
will be a matinee to-day.
Camille d'Arville, In the leading so
prano role of "The Highwayman." con
tinues to draw big houses at the Tivoli
tills week.
• • •
T*he strong Russian drama, "Zorab.,"
ha* proved a capital attraction this week
«.t the Central Theater. Next week's bill
will be the scenic sensational melodrama,
"Man's Enemy."
Theatergoers seem to have found a
mirthful attraction in Ezra Kendall and
his production of the comedy, "The Vine
irar Buyer." "The Vinegar Buyer" will
remain the attraction at the Columbia
Theater all of this and next week, includ
ing Sunday night.
The Orpheum is packed to the doors at
every performance, this week's bill being
exceptionally strong. Next Sunday come
EfSe Fay. styled "the craziest soubrette
on the American stage"; Lew Hawkins,
"the Chesterfield of minstrelsy": Mrs.
Wynne-Winslow, a renowned high so
prano, and other eminent vaudeville
lights.
ACCEPTS BESIGNATIONS.
The resignations of Mrs. J. M. Graham
as teacher in the Jefferson School and
Anna A. Love as teacher in the Starr
King School were accepted.
The petition of Annie T. Crowley of the
Lincoln Evening School and Henry C.
Hall, a day eubstltute, to exchange posi
tions was granted.
The financial report of the board was
presented and shows a . surplus of
$3397 S3 for the year ending June 30. 1903.
The total expenditures were $1,382,956 53.
The board formed a new class in ste
nography in the Lincoln Evening School
and Walter E. Trcf ts was j appointed as
special teacher of stenography at $50 per
month.
The fall mid-term vacation was fixed
from September 28 to October 2, 1903.
Walter Otto Smith was elected head of
the science department of the Mission
High School.
Miss F. Sanborn was transferred from
Columbia School to the Jean Parker
School.
Director Walsh was empowered to pur
chase one portable schoolhouse.
E. P. Lesley appointed special
teacher of naval architecture In the
Humboldt Evening High School.
PURCHASES BOOKS.
Superintendent" Langdon's resolution
that the board purchase 300 copies of
"Historic Tales of the Old Missions" by
Mrs. Laura Bride Powers, and 300 copies
"Stories of California" by Mrs. Ella M.
Sexton, and'that a copy of each book be
on the desk of every teacher in the third
and fourth grades In this department was
adopted.
The following teachers' certificates were
granted: j
Grammar school certificate— Miss Lucy Fritz.
Special music certificate for the high school
grade— Mrs. Mary D. McGlade.
Epocial stenography -and typewriting certlfl-
The Board of Education yesterday au
thorized Superintendent of Schools Lang
don to establish an ungraded class in the
Washington Grammar School and also
sanctioned the adding of others in the
schools of the city as soon as facilities
and needs warrant it. Langdon filed a
report on the subject, concluding with
the following resolutions, which were
adopted:
Whereas, there is great need of much more
individual instruction for certain clasees of
children than can be clven under our present
system of class instruction with a large num
lire of children In a single room; and
Whereas, the establishment of small un
graded classes for Individual Instruction of
backward children would greatly assist In
eradicating the evils of class instruction now
existing; be it
Resolved. That it shall be the policy of this
Board of Education to establish %uch an un
graded class In each large school under the
direction of a strong teacher, the salary of
euch teacher to be equal to the maximum
amcunt paid to grade teachers; and be It further
Hesolved, That one "ungraded class" be es
tablished at once, the name to be located at
the Washington Grammar School, and tnat
others be added In other schools of the city as
eoon as facilities and needs warrant the same.
School Board Gives Nec
essary Authority, to
Superintendent.
Ezra Kendall Unloosens
Founts of Mirth at
Columbia.
Fred Swanton. a capitalist and manager
of the electric railways and other enter
prises of Santa Cruz, is at the Palace.
C. H. Reynolds, manager of the Brit
ish-Pacific Cable Company, which con
nects Vancouver with the Australian col
onies by way of Fanning Island, arrived
from London yesterday and is registered
at the Palace. He Is making a tour of
Inspection over the company's territory
and leaves for the colonies on the steam
ship Ventura to-day.
E. H. Cox, a /banker of Madera, is at
the Palace.
Will F. Sargent, an attorney of Modesto,
is at the Lick.
R. C. Terry, a lawyer of Clayton, is
stopping at the Lick.
Dr. T. E. Bailly has returned from a
two weeks' trip to Catallna.
George Weissemann. a merchant of
Sacramento, is at the Grand.
J. A. Partridge, a mining man of Bully
Hill, Shasta County, is at the Palace.
Robert Nixon, a merchant of Yreka. is
among the latest arrivals at the LJck.
Wllkins J. PerkinFt a wealthy grocer
of Philadelphia, is a guest at the Grand.
Ex-Governor Henry T. Gage and family
arrived from the south yesterday and are
stopping at the Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION.
PLEASING BILL
AT THE ORPHEUM
WILL ESTABLISH
UNGRADED CLASS
Miss Mary Welch and Richard W. Cos
tello were united in marriage at 9 o'clock
yesterday morning, by the Rev. Father
Mackay, at Holy Cross church. The sa
cred edifice was beautifully decorated
with an abundance of white roses and
presented a prAty sight. Miss Etta
Welch, a cousin of the bride, sang. After
a short honeymoon trip, the happy couple
will make their home in this city.
General and Mrs. and Miss Rawles, Colonel
and Mrs. Coolidge. Chaolaln and Mrs. and
Miss Perry, Colonel and Mrs. A. C. Markley.
Captain Koehler. Dr. T. O. Cornish of Boston.
Captain and Mrs. \V. S. Hancock, Lieutenant
and Mrs. Landers. Major Ludlow, Captain
Hunter, Lieutenant Trotter. Captain L. W.
Cornish. Captain Mclntyre, Major Squler, Cap
tain and Mrs. C. A. Bennett. Colonel and
Mrs. T. H. Handbury. Miss Lewis, Miss Ethel
wynne. Lewis, Lieutenant and Mrs. Victor C.
Lewis. Major and Mrs. A. C. Ducat. Lieutenant,
and Mrs. John L. Hushes. Captain and Mrs.'
Overton, Miss Adah Howell. Miss Erickson,
Mrs. Foster, Mli«s Lillian de Russey Berry.
Miss Elizabeth O'Hara. Colonel and Mrs. and
Miss Maus, Major and Mrs. Kendall, Lieu
tenant and Mrs. Rockhlll. Mrs. R. D. Potts,
Colonel and Mrs. Crowder, Dr. Greenleaf. Lieu
tenant Wallace Craljle. Lieutenant E. M.
Shlnkle, Lieutenant Stephen M. Barlow, Lieu
tenant John O'Nell, Lieutenant Abbott, Captain
C. H. Hunter. Lieutenant Brlce and Lieutenant
and Mrs. Clarence .1. Deeme.
It was in every respect a love feast.
Officers of the Presidio, of Fort Mlley
and Fort Baker came to pay their re
spects to the general and proffer their
hearty congratulations. The "Hop Room"
was exquisitely decorated for the occas
ion, the reception part of the room being
separated from the portion set aside for
dancing by a huge bank of geraniums
and rich foliage. The fine band of the
Third Artillery Corps, under the direction
of Bandmaster Putz, discoursed music
from behind an immense screen of plants
and hedges of cypress. The guests, num
bering about 300, were received by Major
and Mrs. C W. Hobbs, Major Stephen
son, Major and Mrs. Albert Todd. Cap
tain and Mrs. E. A.* Millard and Captain
Hinckley. Each of the guests gave Gen
eral Rodney a hearty handshake, accom
panied with hearty expressions of con
gratulation, and then the dancing began.
Among those present, besides Brigadier
General and Mrs. Rodney, were:
The Presidio was all astir last evening
when carriages rolled up In large num
bers with scores of military folk and
civilians to Join in the splendid reception
planned in honor of General and Mrs.
George B. Rodney. For some days the
promotion of General Rodney had been
anticipated, and yesterday he received a
telegram from Washington announcing
that he has been promoted brigadier
general and retired, after serving his
country faithfully and well for' forty-two
years.
LONG SERVICE
REWARDED WITH
HIGH HONORS
Part of the plans of the Harriman-Ham
mond combine Is to • run the line north
ward by way of; Marshfleld or Empire
City In Oregon.. from one of which places
an' easterly, branch- will be constructed so
as to tap the • lower part of the Willam
ette Valley - and J connect with the . main
line of the Southern Pacific at Roseburg.
A survey of .this branch Is., already In
progress,/ a party of surveyors • having
been sent north about six' weeks ago 'for
this purpose.' "
A recent announcement that a party of
surveyors were at work on a proposed
line from Granta Pass southwesterly, to
Crescent City has given -rise to a suspi
cion - that the Harriraan syndicate was
really behind tho undertaking, but it Is
now learned from a.most reliable source
that , the engineer department of the
Southern Pacific Company has condemned
In extending the Hammond road north
ward from Crescent City Harriman will
penetrate the richest- redwood district in
the Western world. It lies along the
coast between Humboldt Bay and the
northern boundary of the State and. is
absolutely controlled by Hammond and
those who are associated with him In the
Hammond Lumber Company. On the
Oregon* side of the coast route the pro
posed line will extend through rich tracts
of fir and; pine,. and farther north, In the
territory through which the Hammond
line running southward out of Astoria is
laid, another valuable timber belt will be
encountered. . - <-
RICH REDWOOD DISTRICT.
Of the reported alliance with Harri
man, Hammond looked troubled, and then
said that he and the railroad president
were good friends, emphasizing the con
fession with a significant smile.
"Well, we have been thinking for a long
time of extending our northern lines and
possibly may carry- out the plan."
Although A. B. Hammond, when seen
yesterday regarding these facts, declined
to confirm them, he could not be in
duced to deny them, apparently realizing
that his Interviewer had possessed him
self of Information that could not very
well be refuted.- As a matter of fact,
at the very moment the reporter called
upon Hammond he was engaged In con
ference with engineers of the Harriman
lines and a number of contractors who
are figuring on the contemplated work.
When asked point blank if it was not a
fact that he was working In harmony
with Harriman and that plans for the
work mentioned was receiving his daily
consideration the lumber king paused for
a time, then tried to evade the questions
by endeavoring to interest his interviewer
in a map of the rich timber tracts of
Humboldt County, but finally reluctantly
said:
CONFERS WITH ENGINEERS.
Should Harriman win he will Imme
diately proceed to make connections with
Eureka from Arcata. The. necessary
grading has already been done and all
that will be necessary will be to lay the
rails, which were landed at Eureka two
weeks ago from the steamer Francis H.
Leggett. Pending the settlement of this
legal question, however, Harriman Is not
wasting time, and through Hammond he
Is preparing to extend the newly acquired
road north of Eureka on to Crescent City.
Within the last few weeks parties of
surveyors ' have been hurrying their work
over the proposed extension, a distance of
about thirty-five miles, and grading is ex
pected to begin shortly.
Meanwhile : Harriman has entered Into
an agreement with Hammond to secure
control of the lumberman's road running
south from Astoria and is said to have
assured the o"wner that he will- not
want for the necessary funds to con
tinue the road farther south. In fact,
plans for this work are already prepared
and are now In the office of Hammond in
the Hayward building, where, for sev
eral days, contractors have been looking
them over with the idea of giving esti
mates on the cost of the work. Harri
man's engineers have also been visiting
Hammond's office and holding long con
ferences with the lumberman and his as
sociates concerning the proposed exten
sion of the Washington road and the line
running northward " from Arcata toward
Eureka,
people carried the matter Into the courts,
where it has remained ever since. When
tho Santa Fe Company absorbed the Eu
reka and Eel River road it naturally in
herited this litigation and Harriman also
became a party to It when he Interested
himself with Hammond in the opposition
road. The case is to come up -shortly in
the courts of Eureka and will be bitterly
fought, although the Harriman people
are sanguine of victory, claiming that
their side of the case is well supported
by the existing agreement.
£f : NOT WASTING TIME.
Before this latter connection can be
made a bitter fight In the courts between
the Santa Fe and the Harriman-Ham
niond interests will have to be settled.
It is a case that involves the right of
way .into the town of Eureka and the lit
igation which has developed was inherited
by the Harriman syndicate and the Santa
Fe Company In their efforts to beat each
other into that important lumber shipping
point. The Eureka and Eel River road
extends around the inner side of - the
shore of Humboldt Bay to Eureka, while
the Hammond road runs southwest from
Arcata down the peninsula that forms
the outer side of the bay. Some years
ago the Hammond interests, desiring to
reach Eureka by rail instead of having
to cross the bay with the product of their
lumber mill, which is situated on the
peninsula, entered into an agreement with
the Eureka and Eel River road by which
the former could use a certain portion of
the tracks and a tunnel just outside the
town of Eureka. Later the Eureka and
Eel River road, bo it was alleged, repudi
ated this agreement and the Hammond
BITTER LEGAL BATTLE.
It was learned yesterday that the pre
liminary plans for the new route to tho
north are already in this city and copies
of them, are in the hands of A. B. Ham
mond, the lumber king, who is working
in harmony with the Southern Pacific
magnate in assuring the success of the
project. The first step was taken some
weeks ago, when the Southern Pacific
Company secured an option on the Ham
mond road running north from Arcata
thirty odd miles toward Crescent
City. It is purposed to extern! this
road as fast as possible to Crescent City
and eventually connect it with the town
of Eureka.
E. H. Harriman, head of th© syndicate
which controls the California Northwest
ern Railway, is planning to make that
road part of - a coast system that will
eventually have its northern terminus at
Astoria, where direct connections will be
made with the Oregon Railway and Navi
gation Company's line. The extension of
the local road to the State of "Washing
ton is not a project contemplated for the
far future, but is actually under con
sideration. Engineers of the Harriman
syndicate are already engaged in defin
ing the route and estimating the cost of
and the time that will be necessary to
carry out the enterprise.
While Perfecting Plans the Two Mil
lionaires Prepare for Fierce Le
gal Battle With Rip
. ley in Eureka.
Railroad Magnate and Lum
ber King Unite on Big
Project.
The right of the original locators to change
their original location so long as such change
does not Interfere with the existing rights of
others acquired previous to such change is
unquestioned. The amended certificate of loca
tion -when made, becomes the completed loca
tion of the discoverer and is Just as valid
as If It had been made In the first Instanftf.
W. E. F. Deal. Kenneth M. Jackson
and Campbell. Metson & Campbell were
the attorneys for the successful parties
to the suit.
"When a valid location' of a mining: claim
In once made it ve«'.s in the locator and his
successors tn interest the right of possession
thereto which right cannot be divested by
the obiiR»tlon or removal, without the fault
of the locator or his successor in Interest, of
the stakes and monuments marking Its bound
aries or of the obliteration or removal from
the 'claim of the location notices posted
thereon.
The main plea of the complainant was
that in many Instances Butler's boundary
stakes were not to be found, and also
that his amended notice varied from that
first placed by him In the rusty tomato
can on the ridge. To this , argument
Judge Hawley gave the following answer:
STAKES WERE MISSING.
It wan on August 30, 1900, that Butler
put up his location notices in a rusty
tomato can on the top of the gold ribbed
ridge. On March 20. 1901. the company
which Butler had formed tiled in the Land
Office at Carson an amended notice of lo
cation, embracing eight consolidated
claims. But the news of the strike had
brought a rush to the new fields and the
Tonopah and Salt Lake Company staked
its claims so that in part they were co
incident with the ground staked out in
the amended notice of Butler's Tonopah
Mining Company. -
In reviewing the three suits Judge Haw
ley announced that testimony taken in
either of them which was applicable to
any one or both of the other suits would
be allowed to stand for all three. De
spite this short cut. his Honor had to
weigh an almost limitless amount of con-*
flicting evidence concerning boundary
stakes and location notices before he
could render his decision.
Upon finally "prospecting" the rough
rocks there came to the penniless miner
the vision of his sudden -wealth, and rac
ing back to the desert he staked the
claims which were destined to yield him
a fortune.
ROCK PROVES RICH. ,
A mining suit Involving Tonopah min
eral lands valued at a figure well Into
the million* was settled on Monday In
Carson, Kev., by the decision of United
States Circuit Judge Hawley. The Ton
opah Mining Company, of which J. L.
Butler, the original discoverer of the new
El Dorado, is the heaviest stockholder,
gained the decision over the Tonopah and
Salt Lake Mining Company In the legal
struggle for the possession of the richest
portions of the Butler group of mines.
The suit was brought upon an adverse
claim and a protest entered in the United
States Land Office at Carson against the
application of Butler's company for a
parent to a cens lid .ted claln embracing
eight locations. The complainants in the
suit alleged that two of Butler's claims,
the Valley View and the Silver Top,
overlapped their several locations known
as the Pyramid, the Wandering Boy and
the Stone Cabin. Upon these grounds
they brought the suit which has been de
cided acalnst them.
Into the suit' there was introduced the
story of the romantic discovery of the
rich Tonooah ledges by Butler. While
riding throush the desert In the summer
of 1900 the lucky prospector carelessly
picked up a sack full of specimens from
the bleak ridge In the sand and left them
unheeded in his house for weeks.
J. L. Butler, Original Discov
erer of Rich Lode, Is
Given Title.
Harriman and Ham
mond Are Scheming
Against Santa Fe.
Judge Hawley Decides
Mining Contest in
His Favor.
WILL EXTEND
FOSTER LINE
TO ASTORIA
TONOPAH'S KING
WINS B1G SUIT
THE J5AK FKAKCISCO CALL, THUKSDAY, AUGUST 6, 1903.
Permanent school certificates for the high
school ' grade— Bookkeeping, John It. Daniels ¦
stenoeraDhy Miss Mary Lila Richards. ¦ *
Grammar school certificates — Mrs. Grace V.
Crltcher, Miss Lenore Redding, Miss Olfja von
der Lelth, Mrs. Susie Harte.
Permanent grammar school certificates — Miss
Mary Q. Sullivan, Miss Eliza Ann Rixon.
14
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ON SALE TO-DAY
A CHANCE PURCHASE OF
n about 5000 yards of Em-
broidery, from 3 to 5 inches
wide, enables us to place the
entire lot on sale at about half
their regular price. When you
see these Embroideries you'll
marvel at the small price we've
marked them to sell for— choice
of entire lot. yard i fir*
UNDERSKIRTS
We bought a drummer's sam-
ple line of Petticoats — Black,
Colored and White; many of
them worth $1.75; to-day we
are going to self "choice QQs>
of all VOO.
WAISTS
QE\f\ Is the price we're sell-
c '* /o ing all that's left of
our $1.25, $1.50 and $1.75
Women's White and Colored
Shirt Waists. Among these
you'll find pretty White Lawns
and 'India Linons, pretty* Cham-
brays, pretty Ginghams, pretty .
White Oxfords and Cheviots. All
sizes.
All our 85c CALICO WRAP-
PERS on sale to-day. . . QQq
All our $1.00 styles CHIL-
DREN'S WHITE LAWN DRESSES
on sale to-day. ... R^n
Trimmed with embroidery,
Valenciennes laces and inser-
tions.
All our 40c CORSET COVERS
on sale to-day at.... • • ORr*
Pretty effects, exquisitely trimmed.
CLOSING-OUT SALE OF
CHATELAINE BAGS
At{y\ To-Day buys >. choice of ".
ao all our :65c, 75c and
85 c bags— come in Black -and
Alligator. .
We Give Trading Stamps on Everything.
MARKS "BROS.
1220-22-24 MARKET ST.,
Bet Taylor and Jones.
NEWMAN & LEVINSON. ? -^^
Kearny and Setter Sts. O^ag^gjJ
Our Muslin Underwear Sale
The sale still continues. We offer to-day the same Irind of
values that has brought crowds to this department since
Monday. We did a big business and are only too glad to
repeat the values. Here are genuine bargains — if there ever
were bargains in Undermuslins — The choicest and most desir-
able kind of undergarments are being offered at prices never
heard of before :f
CORSET COVERS 15c, 25c, 45c. 75c up to $2.75
NIGHT GOWNS 45c. 55c, 75c, 85c up to $4.25
CHEMISES - 45c, 65c, 85c, $1.00 up to *3. 75
DRAWERS 35c," 80c, 45c, 65c up to $2.25
SKIRTS — 90c, $1.00, $1.25, $1.50 up to $5.50
The Very Newest Veilings
(First Floor Kearay Street)
Yes, fashionable and correct Veils. We have them — there
is no denying it. No house in San Francisco has such a
variety — none shows such styles as ours — we get them from
exclusive sources in Europe. The finest and newest effects
are all here, and popularly priced :
Dotted Tuxedo Veilings, In black Stylish'potted Veilings ; fine im-
andcombinationsof blackand white, ported quality, all colors including:
yard - 25c black, yard- 50c
Plain and Fancy mesh Veilings, Handsome Chiffon Veilings, all
in new black and white effects, colors,a large variety to choose from
also bbek, yard - 35c at, per yard 50c to $1.00
Novell Drape Veils— all colon, plain and hgured $1.00, $1.25, $1.50 and $2.(0 Each
Stamped Art Linens
(Second Floor Seamy St.)
An exceptionally fine line of Linens offered to-day in our
Art Needlework department — Principally Doylies, Squares
and Center Pieces — all stamped in the very latest designs —
Prices are exceedingly reasonable as the following items will
show :
LINEN DOYLES ] LINEN SQUARES CENTER PIECES
Size 4x4 ..... 3c eachjSlze 18x18 25c each In Sldn D«m«k, for
Size 7x7 --6c eachjSize 22x22 40c each ™» antmdlick embroidery j
Size oxo ...-10C capsize 25 x 25 60c each §£ » J «;;;,<;* -ch
bize 12 x I2..._12ic each Size 27x27 -Oc C ach!si ze 3 6x 3 6...$1.50 each
Bathing Suits Reduced
[Third Floor Keircy Stre«t]
We need the space that the Bathing Suits occupy for fall
and winter goods — and to get it we are willing to sacrifice the
balance of our unsold stock. They are all perfectly new, of
this season's correct styles and reduced this way:
$2.25 and $2.50 Ladies' Bathing Suits, reduced to $1.90
53.50 and $3.75 Ladies' Bathing Suits, reduced to $3.00
$5.00 and $5-25 Ladies* Bathing Suits, reduced to $4.00
52.25 an^ $2 50 Children'? Bathing Suits, reduced to $1.60
Sale of Belt Buckles
At less than half Regular prices
IFirst Floor Sntter Street]
Hundreds of finest of imported Belt Buckles are on sale
to-day — Exquisite high art novelties, in oxidized, gilt and steel
studded, also some in handsome enamel and cameo settings.
To close them out quickly we have made these great
reductions :
50c and 75c Belt Buckles; on sale at - '.'. 25c
$1.00 and $1.25 Belt Buck'es, on sale at ... M ... 50c
$1.50 and $1-75 Belt Buckles, on sale at 75c
HALE'S I HALE'S. | HALE'S.
¦M^L^^^^ktS^r This is the month each year we show you how michty and
aPyJEWBro? E j» Th e exertion to show our strength makes us still stronser — so »^^^^3
<B«re Hiltflpy We arc w^^ n * t0 cet a ' on S w 'th ' es s profits to make this ffain.
50c Fancy Stockings 35c. Mercerized Zephyrs 1 5c.
&y%i lisle thread^nes; 6 alstf "he^new Styles 1 C in That's what we have been paying: vNxj
' I'', Scotch gray and linen shades Others in pink. fl . fa f h , h . d from Nwr O\
% M$£^$^mWM* Sr.^ Y °* Si &j» to Sjj. «* August stir N^
#£ to toe. Othera in black grounds with red , D <> y? u know we haven t seen prettier ef- V^
-'/'y vertical stripes, every size. But there are f «ts this season— and we ve sold thousands >NX j
y.', other Rood things in stockings to-day. of y ar . ds ot the p- The stnpes are blue, n^
/A Women's 50c stockings. 25c — Fast black lisle sometimes pink or black or some other color vNX
/,' thread ones, In lace open work patterns. 8 different combined with white^ — bold and Striking. NNN I
VS styles. All sizes from S 1^ to 10 . „ * j-ff._ VO I .
'yS- coc one* at 39c— imported lisle stockings in zigzag When you think they are so new, so ciner- Ooj
-:C< patterns, lace c pen work idea* from top to toe; ent from the common run of patterns and so n\> I
• */ very fine quality, with double soles, heels and toes. , . ,,r \>X
//S All sizes. cheap, we are certain you 11 want some — XV
iSy — : * maybe for next season, if not for this. 15c
m Ribbons Half Price. ' arA §^ .
'x<.-' Our No. 2 satin and gros-grained and satin J \
X/ >; taffeta 5c is 2 J4c. . "Wnch Rnwi and Pitrflf»r $1 111
% Our No. 5. in satin and gros-grains, the VVaSll tJOWl ana KltCIier 3)1. 1U
' ', • best taffetas, that have been selling at T</ii, pi am white with fancy embossed designs. NN \
\ yy are 4c No. 9 taffeta, that sells all over at 10c s different patterns; basin is a large i6-inch N^
1;/ and lie. in every good color, even black and ro ll-edged one. Pitcher is a large fancy v> f -
YsX white, is 6c now. 20c quality is I2^c. Those shaped one v^N \
\'y£ S-inch satin taffetas no one. sells under 45c- 33c-Carisbad. China: whit, and vN
I'V-V some places 5OC — are going at 24c, and in decorated with pretty floral eprays, scalloped edges; 'Os ?
I *¦¦ ¦ a fine line of shades. sprays are In various tints. - -\ j
I V And so on. Satin taffetas, double-faced liberty 6 Teacups and Saucers. 40c — Plain white English sum- X>» <
1 .' satin, plain taffetas, satins, gros-rralns. In all iner porcelain. Usually $1.30 doa. but we'll glv« >y> ;
1 ;•' widths up to 5 Inches are about half-price. They're you ft doz to-day at 40c. So, good we put them ca I .
| odd lengths this mill had left over. the bargain table, main floor. X |
\ 3 l Ac and 5c Handkerchiefs To-day.
V \ They're worth 7}4c and 15c if they were fully finished, and yet what they lack does not n It
\ amount to much, for there is just as much service in them as there is in any handkerchief. * IPM
\ Maybe the thread is too tight or a corner uncut. M aybe some of them have a hole in the I §
\ l ace « 1 1) I
\ Cambrics and lawns with embroidered borders and embroidered cor- /n't
\ rers, or with lace insertion In the corners or In the borders, 3fto . y // f
\ and 5c. They're Just the handkerchief* for school chUdret* — good and - \£ 7//
V cheap. // y y
\ Floppy Tuscan Hats 15c. '/y/x
A dressy, inexpensive hat for the child — Just the thing for v^^* 's .^^^r
«- \^ school wear. Brims are broad.
39 STOCKTO1T STEEET.
Telephone Hain 5522.
"Good goods at low "prices'* must b« th#
cause of our Increased business. Send In
your orders early for our
Thursday, Friday and Saturday
SPECIALS.
CREAMERY BUTTER, 2 sqs lor. .75c
Fresh and sweet, reg. 43c square. .
FANCY EASTEDN EGGS, per doz 22k
Reg. 25c. New arrival from Kansas.
LEMOINE SABDINES, 2 cans tor . . 25c
Reg. 15c can. •
Ghirsrdzlli's BrcaKIast Cocoa, can 20c
Reg. 25c
Pvrcc dc Fois Gras TruHlc^ —
Truffled Gooseliver, J. B. Rtlhac's. Per
can. 2Oc, 3 for 5Oc. Reg. 25c can.
PEARLIHE, 3 Mb pk&s tor 25c
Reg. 10c package.
Toilet Soap, 3 c&Kes in box, per box ¦ 15c
Regr. 25c box. Snell's Utopia. Cream.
Mason Fruit Jars — pts qts itfals
Special 45c 55c 8Oe
Regular 50c We 85c
WINDOW SCREENS, each 20c.
Oak frames, 12\:»'>. 0x42. Regular 2Se
and 20c.
BABBEE BOUCSON, bot 75c, gal S3.00
Reg. $1 and $4. Whisky with a reputa-
tion.
WILSON RYA per bot 85c
Regular |1. Distillery bottling.
RIESLING, per gal 40c
Regular 50c. A pleasant, light win*.
FRUIT SYRUPS, per bot 35c
Regular 50c. Strawberry. Raspberry.
Grenadine. Lemon. Vanila.
Call or mall or phone your orders — all
carefully filled.
| GREAT SACRIFICE 8
© —OF— 5
O HARE ANTIQUE q
! PERSIAN i
I Auction!
0 DAILY. AT 2:30 P. M. j
© Over SO choice fine Persian Carp«t». £
*a *tzes ranging from 8x10 to 21x14. o
• Kerman. Tabriz. Gorvan. Mlsgabatf. JZ
Ktc. wtll b<? sacrificed at tMs auction. •
V regardless of value and cost, on ac- ©
© count of departure. 0
§205 Post St.:
German Eye Water, a harmless
J^^Jai TION— Tha genuine bears sl*na-
ture of -Geo. Mayerle. also trmd*.
,. _ mark— eye with a crown, qeo
MAYERLE. German Expert Optician. 1071
ttaxkai. Ban #2sacisco. Cal Pnont Sent* iu~