PRICE FIVE CENTS.
BONILLA THREATENS
WAR IF HONDUREAM
CLAIM IS IGNORED
CANAL TREATY DIES;
PRESIDENT'S COURSE
IS PROBLEMATICAL
COLOMBIA'S CHIEF EXECU
TIVE AND HER REPRESENT
ATIVE IN WASHINGTON.
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OF HON
DURAS WHO THREATENS
NICARAGUA WITH WAR.
. HELENA, Mont., Sept. 22.— When the
stub train which runs from here to Lo
gan to connect with the eastbound ex
press reached a point half a mile from
Helena early this morning the wheels of
the exploded a dynamite cartridge
attached to the rails. The lights in the
engine were extinguished and many win
dows in the forward cars were broken
and the passengers shaken up. The rail
was shattered, but the engine passed
over the point in safety. . .
There was no great amount of treasure
on the train and no reason is known for
the attempt to wreck it. It is believed
to be the work of some one having a real
or fancied grievance against the com
pany. , ..
DYNAMITE CARTRIDGE
EXPLODES UNDER ENGINE
PORT OF SPAIN, Trinidad, Sept. 22.-
Advlces received here from Caracas, Ven
ezuela, state that the official gazette has
published a Government decree suspend
ing the operation of the" mining code for
en indefinite period. This decree will
render new acquisitions of mines in Ven
ezuela Impossible. The reason given Is
that a clique of politicians surrounding
President Castro wishes to monopolize
all the mines in the district of Ciudad
Bolivar without meeting any competition.
They will afterward sell the mines to
foreign companies.
The action of the Government, taken
without previous notice, will cause detri
ment to the American mining parties who
are now engaged in surveying several
mining claims In the district of the Ori
noco.
Ring of Politicians in Venezuela
Plans to Monopolize Valuable
-^Properties.
CASTRO'S DECREE STOPS
ACQUISITION OF MINES
The, Porte recently manifested a dispo
sition to consider proposals for a direct
understanding, and Bulgaria advanced the
following conditions: _
First.^the Porte to granra general am
nesty and stop the persecution of " the
Bulgarians in Macedonia; second, a mixed
commission to ; be formed, the Bulgarian
members ¦ of . which should be " nominated
by the Bulgarian Exarch and never be
in a minority, on the commission, to elab
orate administrative reforms, arrange for
an extension of local . administrative au
tonomy, insure the safety of the ;high
"ways and the "equality of Christians and
The following . is the position of the
Turco-Bulgarlan negotiations:
BULGARIA'S DEMANDS.
SOFIA. Sept 22.— Within forty-eight
hours the question of peace of war will
probably be settled according to authori
tative representations here. Premier Pet
roff had an interview this morning with
Ali'Feureh Bey at which the whole sit
uation in Macedonia was discussed. ¦ As a
result of this conference a much better
feeling prevailed and confident hopes have
been expressed that a satisfactory ad
justment will be reached. This view Is
strengthened b'yva report from Constanti
nople to the effect that the Gouncll of
Ministers, after some days of discussion,
la within measurable distance of an agree
ment on the chief points at issue.
The Premier complained to the Turkish
diplomatic agent of the situation created
by the arrival at Burgas of thousands of
destitute and starving refugees from the
district of Lozengrad. After a discussion
an understanding was practically reached
that Turkey shpuld guarantee the safe
protection- of the refugees and take steps
to reinstate them In their homes..
The general effect of these conferences
in Constantinople and. Sofia has Induced
a much more hopeful feeling here, al
though in Balkan affairs it is always pos
sible that the next day's happenings may
change the entire situation.
Sultan Shows Disposition to
Mollify Her Vassal
estate.
Conference That May
Restore Peace in
Balkans.
SIMPLE IS
BURIAL OF
INSTRUCTOR
Pine Box Incases
Body of Prof.
Wright
Epecla.1 Dispatch to The Call.
STEVENSON, Wash.. Sept. 22.—Blood
shed may result from the man hunt now
yn progress on the Washington side of the
Columbia River, between The Dalles and
Vancouver. Burke, the forger and es
caped prisoner frcm the Hillsboro Jail.
overpowered the Deputy Sheriff who had
captured him to-day and secured two
revolvers, a rifle ar.d a large supply of
ammunition. His actions and escapades
cf the past few days brand him as a des
perado, ar.d should the posse which Is
row hot on his trail overtake him there
Is little doubt but that a pitched battle
trill er.FUe.
Surke's feats of the past week have
ehcewn that he does not intend to spend
his t'.tne in Jail. Sunday he escaped from
Sheriff Totton of Ska:r.ar.ia County, who
had recaptured him at the hotel at Car-
FO-, Wash. The Sheriff sent a shower of
bullets after the fusitive. but the shots
cpparently tDnly inade the fugitive run
the faster, none cf them taking effect. .
CAPTURE AND ESCAPE.
Sheriff Totton located the escaped man
In the hotel at Carson early Sunday
rnorr.!"F, after he had scoured the coun
try in the vicinity of The Dalles, where
Burke vras reported to have been seen.
The Sheriff captured his man, getting the
<5rop on him. and at once started •with
him for the lock-up, the Sheriff riding,
with his g-un trained on the captive, who
walked ahead.
It xczs at a sharp turn In the road that
Burke made his escape. Being ehut for a
second from view he bolted Into the brush
v.ithout the least -warning. The officer
emptied his revolver Into the brush, clip-
I Sng trees right and left and ordering
Burke to halt. But there -was no sound
irom the fugitive.
Sheriff Totton at once rode to the differ
ent eettlernents of the vicinity and left
Instructions that a sharp lookout be kept
for the man. Every available officer was
put en his trail, with the result that a
Deputy Sheriff from Lower Cascades
came upon him to-day and arrested him
in the brush near that settlement. Burke
v.-as unarmed and did not resist, especial
ly when the officer thrust a gun In his
face.
STHTJGOLE TOB WEAPON.
Burke's eyes were bloodshot and he
showed the hardships of running through •
the forests all night and day without
food. Apparently he was quite docile,
and the officer etarted with him for Cas
cade Locks to place him in confinement
tot safe-keeplrg.
But Burke was merely biding his
chance. When officer and captive had ¦
talked sornV distance and got on fairly j
friendly terms Burke suddenly seized the
deputy end a terrific struggle ensued.
Both men fought for every inch there
v.as in them, but Burkes strength was
pupplemented by desperation ar.d h^
struggled like a demon until he had the
deputy overpowered. He then helped j
himself to the officer's rifie, revolvers i
and ammunition, bade "him a sarcastic
adieu and disappeared in the brash down
the river.
Burke is the man who swindled a
Polk County citizen out of about $250 at
Dalles, and tried the came swindle at
Forest Grove. He is also wanted for
forgery In Martinez, Cal.
YOUNG NEBRASXAN MAY
HAVE BEEN MURDERED
2J"e-w York Coroner Abandons Suicide
Th.ecry in the Case of John
Kilpatzick.
NEW YORK. Sept. 22.— Coroner Brown,
who Is investigating the death of John
KiJpatrick, the wealthy young Nebraska
man fcund dead, shot through the heart.
In his apartments yesterday, has aban
doned the theory of suicide and to-day
called epon the police to investigate the
ehooting on the possibility that It might
have been murder. The position of the
revolver, the fact that Kilpatrlck' s cJoth-
Ir.g was not burred and the absence of
any escertalnable cause for suicide, led
the Coroner to say that he believed the
ehooting to have been either accidental or
murder.
Coroner Brown added that the theory
that Kilpatrlck had committed suicide be
cause he was suffering from kidney
trouble or because he had lost his fortune
In speculation was disproved, the autopsy
chowlng that he had no kidney trouble
and Investigation proving that his specu
lations had been profitable.
Fund Grows for Lipton Testimonial.
NEW YORK, Sept. 22.— The Lipton tes
timonial committee met at the Waldorf
to-day and examined designs for the tes
timonial that the American people will
present to Sir Thomas Lipton. Money Is
coming in rapidly and the indications are
that the fund will reach $SOO0 to J10.000.
If so. a more elaborate design may be or
dered, or the testimonial may be of gold
instead of silver. v
GOES TO YALE IN STYLE .
BEFITTING A PBINCE
NEW HAVEN*. Sept. 22.— A freshman
arrived at Yale to-day In all the glory,
of a Prince. The private car "Guada
*oupe." owned by Fourth Vice President
and General Manager Julius . Kruttocnltt
of the Southern Pacific Railroad, was
sidetracked in front of the office build-
Ing of the New York. New Haven- and
Hartford Railroad this morning: and ru
mors were soon afloat that J. S. Mellen,
the new president of the New Haven
road, had arrived. Investigation dis
closed, however, that Julius Kruttschnitt
Jr. had arrived and is about to enter
Yale. His father and he left San Fran
cisco on September 13 and came East
via Montreal and New York.
Kruttschnitt will pay his respects to
the local railroad men and go home via
Texas, Mexico and Southern California
after his son has been safely launched
into college life.
GRAXD RAPIDS, Mich., Sept. 22.—In
cased in a plain, unpainted pine box that
did not cost more than $2 50, the body bf
Professor Max Wright. Instructor In mod
ern languages In Stanford University and
the son of wealthy parents, was buried
to-day. The simple burial was ordered by
Professor Wright. He believed that the
custom of present lavish burials is bar
barous and economically wrong and di
rected before his death that the $200 of
his money that ordinarily would be spent
for a funeral be used for a public foun
tain hf a monument to his memory.
Professor Wright's father did the work
of the undertaker. There was no minis
ter and r.o religious service and the body
was taken to the grave in a plain wagon.
At the grave Dr. P. B. Wright, father of
the deceased, addressed the relatives and
friends, explaining the reason for the sim
ple funeral.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Sept. 22.-
Gcards last r.5ght captured Juan Lopez,
the leader or the recent insurrection.
Insurgent Leader Captured.
Early Mayor of Chicago Dies.
CHICAGO. Sept. 22.— Anson Smith Sher
man, who was chosen Mayor of Chicago
in the eighth year of its corporation, died
at his home to-day at the age of 92.
Sherman came to Chicago from Barre,
Vf.. his birthplace. In 1S35. and at once
took an active part in public affairs.
Odd Fellows Honor Raney.
BALTIMORE, Md.. Sept. 22.— The Sov T
ereisn Grand Lodge of the Independent
Order of Odd Fellows to-day unanimous
ly elected General M. A. Raney of Maren
go, Iowa, commanding general of the Pa
triarchs Militant for a terra, of four years.
treaty was - dead, although
eight hours yet remained within whlcn
the Colombian Congress might take ac
tion upon it. Nothing, however, had been
received during the day either from Min
ister Beaupre at Bogota, or from Herran,
the Colombian Charge d' Affaires here,
which gave the slightest hope of a fav
orable Issue.
A report is current here that the Colom
bian Congress, In secret session, had
clothed President Marroquln with full
power to negotiate a treaty. If this re
port should turn out to^be true President
Marroquln. "who Is counted as a friend Of
the treaty, could proceed untrammeled
try the fear of future reckoning with liis
Congress.
In any event President Roosevelt must
now take the next step. He can elect to
proceed under, the Bpooner act and take
up the Nicaragua route or he can allow
the matter to drift for the present, In
the hope that a way may yet be found
to straighten out the present difficulty
in the path of the Panama route.
Contrary to his custom during the sum
mer. Acting Secretary Adee of the State
Department remained in the city to-day
in order to be on hand to act promptly
on any information which might come
from Beaupre regarding canal affairs In
Bogota. Up to a late hour to-night, how
ever, nothing had been received. Dr.
Herran, the Colombian Charge, also
waited anxiously for news from his Gov
ernment, but likewise was disappointed.
Colombia, it is known, is anxious to
keep alive the canal negotiations. What
form her new proposition with that end
in view will take is not known in Wash
ington.
One interesting feature in connection
with the legislative situation in Colom
bia Is the fact that the terms \. one
third of the members in the Senate, num
bering nine, will expire on the 20th of
next July, when the life of the present
Congress will end. These nine Senators,
it is said, are averse to the canal treaty.
The hope of the advocates of the treaty
will be to elect Senators in their places
who are favorable to the convention, it
Is expected that the campaign for the
Legislature will be made with this end
in view.
-_ w qASHINGTON, Sept. 22.— When
ff ff J the State Department closed
8 J3 Jf to-day at 4 o'clock It was
agreed that the Panama canal
Rumor That Colom*
bia Has Taken
Tardy Jiction.
Man Hunt on Washington
Shore May Result in
a Battle.
BULGARIA'S
TERMS ARE
SUBMITTED
BERLIN, Sept. 22.— Full details have
just reached the German-Jewish relief
committee of the anti-Jewish outbreak in
Homel, near Mohiley, the chief town of
the Russian province of that name.
"Workingmen's homes to the number of
345 have been plundered and destroyed,
twenty-five Jews were either killed out
right by the soldiery or died of their
wounds, 100 more are In the hospitals,
sc-riously injured, while 200 others are suf
fering, from Blighter wounds • received
through the Brutality ! of the j police or
while defending themselves against Chris*
tian assailants.
The authorities watched the progress
of the rioting and pillaging- with com
plalsancy.
The trouble began on September li,
•when Christian market dealers sought to
buy herring from Jewish peddlers at a
tenth of the market price. The Jews re
fusing 1 to submit to the robbery, the
Christians proceeded forcibly to despoil
them.
On the second day of the riot, when the
Jews disregarded Instructions to keep off
the streets, because they coifld no longer
restrain themselves from going to the
rescue of outraged women and tortured
men, the soldiers flred a volley Into a
crowd of Jews, killing six of them.
- The' disturbances continued until Sep
tember During the rioting one Chris
tian . was killed and many Injured. This
served to stiil further incease the popu
lace. The rioting continued for six days.
Quiet has now been restored, • but the
town is under martial law, factories are
idle and a bread famine has begun.
Every effort has been made by the Rus
sian authorities to prevent news of this
new horror becoming known outside of
Russia.
Special Dispa»cn to The Call.
Dead Number Twenty-Five
and Hundreds Are
Disabled.
Full Details Reveal
Horrors of Late
Outbreak,
Fierce Fight Between
the Men Near the
Columbia.
Wanton Slaughter
by Soldiers of
Homel.
Forger Burke Dis
arms a Deputy
and Flees.
DESPERADO
OVERPOWERS
HIS CAPTOR
WOUNDED
JEWS CROWD
HOSPITALS
MASKED MEN
ROB A TRAIN
IN MISSOURI
Detach the Express
Car and Wreck
the Safe.
Bold Hold-Up Creates
Panic Among Pas
sengers.
Railroad Officials Claim the
Robbers Obtained No
Booty.
Nicaragua Is Heady
to Hepel Force
of Invaders.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Sept. f 22. —Four
masked men at 10 o'clock to-night held up
westbound Burlington and Missouri River
train No. 41, five miles north of this city.
The safe in the express car was dyna
mited and the car wrecked. Officials of
the road say that the safe contained but
little money. ''Other reports say that It
contained J3O0O to $10,000 in money. Every
thing in the safe was taken and the men
escaped in the darkness with horses. A
posse was organized and Is in pursuit of
the bandits.
Not a single shot was fired. The train
v.*as stopped by ir.eans of a red light. The
engine and express car were uncoupled
from the balance of the train and backed
half a mile further on, where it was dyna
mited. The train was in charge of Con
ductor Harvey, who hurried to the city
and gave the alarm. The officials lost no
time in organizing and making a start.
It was necessary for the entire train to
be brought back to the city and a new
train made up, which left at 1 o'clock-
According to meager reports received
from the scene of the hold-up at midnight,
the instant the train was stopped two of
the robbers climbed upon the engine and
with drawn weapons compelled the en
gineer and fireman to obey orders. One
of the uncoupled the engine and ex
press car from the balance of the train.
The party then climbed into the cab and
the engine and car were run up the track.
The explosion followed.
The train was crowded with passengers
for th» West and the hold-up created &
panic. It was in charge of Conductor
Harvey of St. Joseph. As soon as he saw
the robbers he ran back down the track
and secured a handcar, on which he came
to St. Joseph and notified the officers. Po
licemen and deputy sheriffs to the num
ber of fifty were taken at once to the
scene, armed with riot guns, but the rob
bers had finished their work and de
parted.
One of the robbers is reported to havs
been hurt, the extent of his Injuries b»
ing unknown.
SUPERVISORS
THROW OUT
COLMA CASE
Scheme for Incor
poration Meets
Disaster.
t.art BUFFALO HUNT
ON DAKOTA PRAIRIES
Colonel Cody Will Enjoy On© Mora
Quest of the Lordly
Bison.
PIERRE, S. D.. Sept. 22.— "When "Scot
ty" Philips brought his buffalo herd from
the range to his pasture, several of the
largest of the herd could not be brought
in, for they would break through any
cordon of riders which would surround
them. Some of them are vicious, and it
is desired to get them out of the way.
For that purpose, a hunt, to take place
some time next month, has been arranged
and without doubt it will be the last
buffalo hunt in the history of the coun
try.
••Buffalo Bill" and other prominent men
have been invited to take part and the
hunt will be a great attraction. Taxider
mists will accompany the party and nsg
pare the skins for mounting, and some
fine specimens will b« obtained.
VICTIM OF FABMEB'S
JEALOUS BAGE DIES
Dunton Succumbs to Effects of Blows
Believed to. Have Been Dealt
by Barns.
KEENE, N. H.. Sept. 21— The assault
on Ashbel Dunton and Mrs. MalacM
Barns at East Sullivan Saturday develop
ed into a murder to-night through the
death of Dunton. The aged farmer died
without giving any clew to the perpe
trator of the deed.
The neighbors agree that the quarrels
between Barns, his wife and Dunton had
been frequent. In these Dunton has been
figured as taking sides with the woman.
who, it is alleged, was often the victim
of Barns* ill-temper. Dunton has a son.
Herbert, a- soldier in the regular army,
stationed in the Philippines, and a daugh
ter who is the wife of Dr. A. Perkins or
-Ogden. .Utah. -
« -EW ORLEANS, Sept. 22.-Ad
yft Y vices of the expected invasion
/ of the Nicaraguan district by
JL w soldiers from Spanish Honduras
to enforce that country's con
tention that Nicaragua in giving a con
cession to a Pittsburg, Pa., syndicate
granted rights on territory which belongs
to Honduras, reached this city via tfie
American steamship Breakwater from
Puerto Cortez, Spanish Honduras.
La.st month a commission, headed by
General Ordonez, was sent by President
Bonilla of Spanish Honduras to Cape Gra
cias to notify the Collector of the Port
there that if the Nlcaraguan republic did
not recognize -certain rights claimed by
Honduras along the Wanks River, sepa
rating Honduras and Nicaragua, war
would be proclaimed by President Bonilla.
The customs officials and military au
thorities at Cape Gracias lacked the au
thority to act in accordance with the
Honduras request, bo General Ordonez
and his colleagues returned to Teguci
galpa, warning the Nicaraguans to be on
the lookout for an invasion provided the
Honduran" rights were not respected.
President Zelaya on being notified imme
diately garrisoned Cape Gracias.
Unless an amicable settlement of the
boundary dispute is effected there is a
strong probability that war will be de
clared.
Mussulmans before the courts, reform the
taxation and gendarmerie and provide for
personal security.
After the accomplishment of these tasks
the i commission, which 'probably would
sit at Salonica. would become the council
of the inspector general and would de
pute one of its Bulgarian members to
report to the' Sultan on the progress of
affairs.
Bulgaria" also asked that the burned vil
lages be rebuilt with Government assist
ance, the refugees repatriated and an es
pecial ordinance issued providing for the
organization of the Bulgarian schools and
churches.
These proposals seem to have been ac
cepted in principle, although nothing defi
nite has yet been decided. Even In the
event of an agreement being arrived at,
proofs of good faith would be required as
a guarantee of the execution of the re
forms, and, If not forthcoming, the Mace
donians would continue their agitation. ;
MASSACRES CONTINUE.
A list compiled from official sources is
published, showing the names of and de
tails regarding twenty-three villages in
the district of Malkoternovo. eighteen In
the district of Kirk-Kiliss'e, four in-Vast-,
liko and three in Vezehe. which have been
scenes of pillage, murder and 'outrage by.
Turkish troops.
The War Ministry has taken steps to
strengthen the Bulgarian frontier forces
and it is rumared that troops will occupy
all of the commanding positions, thus
making it almost impossible for bands to
cross the frontier. Some regiments of the
Second and Third divisions have been or-|
dered to the Adrianople frontier, where,
the Turks have massed strong bodies of
troops.
Revolutionary bands-are reported to be
active in the district of Razlog. province
of Seres, where they hold all the moun
tain passes. The Turkish population ' is
fleeing toward Salonlca. : •¦ -
liquor Dealers Oppose Odell. *
SCHENECTADT, N. Y., Sept. 22. -The
State convention of the New-York Wine.
Liquor and Beer Dealers' Association now
Ih'sessl6n here became a partisan organi
tlon. President Dolan advised all mem
bers to array themselves against the ad
ministration of Governor Odell, and the
convention adopted resolutions protesting
against the license agitation enacted by
the last Legislature and calling for an
organization in every county and city in
the State which will use every endeavor
to elect Democratic candidates for the
Legislature.
LONDON, Sept. 22.— The Sofia cor
respondent ' of the Times affirms that a
singular communication has been made
to the Bulgarian' Government by Count
Lamsdorf. the Russian Foreign Minister,,
who observed that, ; In the opinion . of
Count von Bulow, the German Chancel*
lor, Turkey had the right to send troops
to Bulgaria to* preserve order. This In
teresting disclosure, continues the cor-
Admits Turkey's Bight to Send
Troops Into Principality.
RUSSIA WARNS BULGARIA:
Changes in Japan's Cabinet.
TOKIO, Sept. 22.— The following changes
In th» Cabinet have been made: Hakano
has been appointed Minister of Justice;
Baron Ktoura, Minister of Agriculture;
Kubota, Minister of Education and Our*.
Minister of Communication.
Continued on Page* 5, Column 4.
Pppcial Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY, Sept. 22.—Proceed
ings for the incorporation of the town of
Colma came to an abrupt termination be
fore the Board of Supervisors to-day.
The instigators of the scheme admitted
their, own defeat, which was brought
about by the very persons who signed the
.petition to incorporate but a few weeks
ago. Twenty persons who had favored
the proposition withdrew" their names
from the petition, leaving less than fifty
names . thereon. These twenty persons,
fipon mature consideration, became satis
fied that incorporation was not what they
wanted, many of them stating that they
had signed the petition under a misap
prehension of facts.
"When It was made to appear to the
Board of Supervisors that but forty-four
names remained on the petition, the fol
lowing order was made:
"Tha evidence being closed, and the
matter submitted to the board, and It ap.
pearing from the evidence herein that
there are less than fifty qualified signers
remaining upon said petition presented
and considered herein, on motion of Su
pervisor McEvoy, seconded by Supervisor
McCrackin, it is found, ordered and de
clared that said petition Is not sufficient
In 'law to authorize this board to proceed
further thereon, wherefore it is therefore
ordered that said petition be and the
same is hereby denied."
It Is extremely doubtful whether fifty
persons can be found at Colnia to-day
who now favor Incorporation, certainly
the proposition can never be carried
should It ever be submitted to a vote.
' But ' little time was consumed by the
board to-day, before the members were
called upon to act. H. W. Br\wn, who
has taken an active part in the defeat of
the measure, presented communications
from twenty persons asking that their
names be stricken from the petition. Sev
eral witnesses were called by Mr. Brown
to prove the signatures of these persons.
Nothing then remained but for the other
side to admit that they werejbeaten, it
being conceded that the parties had the
right to withdraw their names. It Is pos
sible that another effort will be made to
secure what has been twice lost, but the
chances are that the incorporation hi
Colma baa received Its death blow.
SAN 1'BANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1903.
VOLUME XCIV— >~O. 115.
The San Francisco Call.THE wedding of Miss Leoline Hop
kins of Angel Island and J. R.
Bailey of San Jose was solemn
ized at 3 o'clock yesterday after
noon at St. Mark's Episcopal
BOSTON. Sept. 22.— John Brace McPherson
of Gettysburg, Pa., waa to-day elected secre
tary of the National Association of 'Wool Man
ufacturers.
VENTURA, Sept. 22.— Thomas Dunni
gan, fireman of the wrecking crew at the
Southern Pacific Chatsworth tunnel was
killed by electricity to-day. He waa In
charge of the night workers who were
engaged In removing the debris from the
floor of the tunnel. The tunnel is lighted
with electricity. Dunnlgan was standing
in water and was In the act of moving
the lights. In doing so he carelessly
caught hold of the copper wire. He re
ceived 1C00 volts.
Electricity Kills a Fireman.
SAN BERNARDINO, Sept. 22.— D. H.
Coe, manager of the Riverside Water
Company's plant at South Colton, was
terribly injured after midnight by the ex
plosion of a 400-gallon tank of distillate.
That he was not instantly killed is re
garded as a miracle, and even yet there
is a chance of his injuries terminating
fatally.
Last evening the directors visited the
property and were figuring out the prob
able expense of running the plant for the
next quarter. Coe was directed to meas
ure the distillate, and taking a lantern
he set it at the edge of the tank and
raised the manhole. He was leaning for
ward extending a measuring rod into the
tank, and his face was directly over the
manhole when the explosion occurred. He
was . picked up bodily and tossed fully
thirty feet. ¦ For over half an hour he
lay unconscious.
Water Company Official Is Hurled
I Thirty Feet and Perhaps
Fatally Hurt.
MANAGER IS INJURED
BY TERRIFIC EXPLOSION
LONDOX, Sept. 22. — Four tourists who were
climbing Scafell Mountain, in Cumberland, to
day, fell from a precipice and were killed.
The company goes on in its complaint
and recites several mining deals in which
Chambers is accused of having fraudu
lently obtained large sums of money.
Notable among these was the deal con
cerning the Afterthought copper proper
ty in this county.
The company claims it had Chambers
go from here to Salt Lake City to secure
an option on the Afterthought in a sum.
not to exceed $150,000; that he "entered
into a conspiracy with W. F. Snyder and
one Mitchell," by the conditions of which
Snyder took the title to the Afterthought
in the sum of $90,000, gave an option to
the Great "VVestern at $150,000 and when
the company made the first payment of
$20,000, Snyder paid $10,000 to the owners
of the Afterthought and $10,000 was divid
ed among Snyder, Mitchell and Chambers.
Several other alleged Irregular trans
actions are charged against Chambers.
The suit attracts much attention here
and probably will have the same result in
Salt Lake City, where Snyder is at the
head of the Western Exploration Com
pany, a prominent mining concern.
Chambers says there is no ground for the
suit, which he declares to be brought for
blackmail.
REDDING, Sept. 22.— A sensational suit
was filed in the Superior Court to-day
by tha Great Western Gold Company
againft James J. Chambers, a local min
ing operator, who was formerly general
manager, vice president and a director
of the Great Western Company, In whicn
Chambers is accused of having "received
and converted to his own use in the ca
pacities aforesaid the sum of at least $40,-
C00."
Roberts,' Suit Against
Fresno Democrat
on at Madera.
MADERA, Sept. 22.— The case of Rob
erts vs. the Fresno Democrat Publishing
Company was called in the Superior
Court here to-day. This action is brought
against the newspaper by Dick Roberta,
on account of an alleged libel published
in the Democrat about the beginning
of this year. Plaintiff considers that his
reputation was injured to the extent or
575,000.
At that time it was said that burglars
had broken Into the homes of Roberts
and Sheriff Thurman. Young Roberts'
gun and hat were found in the home of
the Sheriff after an unknown had made
his escape. The theory advanced in all
the stories that were sent out from Ma
dera at the time was that the outlaw had
nrst entered the Roberts' home and stolen
the articles which he left in the Thur
man residence.
Some days after the democrat sent
a man to Madera and a story .followed
which inferred very strongly that Rob
erts had himself carried that gun and hat
into the Thurmari residence. On this
story Roberts bases his suit for dam
ages. To-day was spent In securing a
jury. . •
EXECUTORS PREPARING
TO HAVE WILL CONSTBITED
Trust Created by Late James Camp
bell Will Be Tested in the \ i
) Courts.
HONOLULU, Sept. 16.— Attorney Joseph
Jw Dunne has declined to act as guardian
of the minor children of the late James
Campbell, who left an estate of several
million dollars, including the St. James
Hotel. San Jose, and other . California
property. The will created a trust which
it is claimed' is illegal in California and
as far as the California property is con
cerned, but is legal in Hawaii.
One of the beneficiaries under the will
is the Princess Kawananakoa, a daugh
ter of Campbell. Dunne has appeared for
her as counsel and the executors under
the will are preparing to bring suit to
have the will construed by the courts.
The widow. of the testator is now Mrs.
Samuel Parker.
SAN DIEGO, Sept. 22.— John F. Hobart,
postmaster at Bonita, was adjudged In
sane to-day and will be taken to the
Highlands asylum to-morrow morning.
He has been exhibiting signs of dementia
for several days, the disease taking the
form of a stupor, alternating with noisy
outbreaks, in one of- which he threatened
to kill his sister, declaring that he was
called by God to end her life.
Postmaster Adjudged Insane.
Sensational Lawsuit Be
gun in Shasta
C6unty.
COMPANY ACCUSES
FORMER MANAGER
self-defense.
SUISUN, Sept. 22.— Sheriff James A.
Keys arrived .here this morning from
Seattle with George Pensacola, ¦whom he
captured in New "Westminster, B. C,
about two weeks ago. The prisoner is
accused of the murder of Fred Potter at
Duttons Landing, this county.on August
18. He has confessed to the killing of
Potter, whom he stabbed and threw into
Sulsun Bay, but claims that he acted in
Sheriff Arrives With Pensacola.
Death Follows Teeth Extraction.
VENTURA, Sept. 22.-Mrs. J. SI. 0wen3
died this morning from blood poisoning
after intense suffering- for two days. Dur
ing the past few weeks she suffered with
neuralgia and decided to have her teeth
extracted. The teeth were removed and
her condition grew worse until death
flnaly came to her relief. Sh© waa a
daughter of the late B, "Wilkin, who waa
a prominent bee man.
NEW HAVEN. Conn.. Sept 22.— OUvtr T
Sherwood, the defaulting cashier of the
Southport National Bank, was to-day sen
tenced to ten years in prison. Sherwood was
charged with the misappropriation of funds
to the amount of {100,000.
JURY WILL HEAR
OF A BURGLARY
The croom is one of the most promi
nent young business men of San Jose.
For many years he has been manager of
the; "Western Union Telegrraph Company
of that city and has a host of friends
there and In this city.
Mrs. Bailey has been a prominent teach
er in the public schools of this State for
a lone time and is widely known In edu
cational circles. She Is the daughter of
Mrs. Josephine B. Hopkins and comes
from a distinguished family. Besides be
ing a prominent schoolteacher Mrs. Bailey
is a finished musician.
Church by the Rev. J. G. Swan. The
church -was well filled with the numerous
friends and relatives of the happy couple.
Theodore W; Halsey of San Jose, an In
timate friend of the groom, acted as best
man and Miss Josephine Hopkins, a sister
of the bride, acted as bridesmaid. The
church was beautifully decorated for the
occasion with flowers and evergreens. Im
mediately after the marriage services Mr.
and Mrs. Bailey left for New Orleans
on their wedding trip. Before returning
home they will make a tour of the East
ern States and spend a few days at the
boyhood home of the groom. Lake Ge
neva, Wis.
FORMER SCHOOL. TEACHER AND PROMINENT YOUNG BUSINESS
MAN OF SAN JOSE WHO "WERE MARRIED YESTERDAY AFTER
NOON AT ST. MARK'S EPISCOPAL CHURCH, BERKELEY.
Postofnce discontinued, September 30: Ore
gon — Grand Rapids, Clatsop County, f mail to
Jewell.. .
Postmaster commissioned: California — James
P. Beard, Buckeye. ,. "
Army order- — Leave of absence granted First
Lieutenant Richard P. Rifenberrlck Jr., Twen
ty-ninth Infantry. Department of California,
extended three months.
Patents issued to-day: California — James V.
Aln8worth, Los Angeles, trolley .'catcher and
replacer; Harvey M. Barntrower. • San Jose,
fruit dipper; Francis M. Coler, Ix>s Angeles,
acetylene gas generator; Tarlctoa IJ. Kast
man South San Francisco, assignor eleven
twentieths to G. H. Mott and F. M. Wrij?ht,
San Francisco, automatic ateroscope; . Mary B.
Francisco and J. Martin, San Diego," exhibit-
Ing box; "William F. Ho*an, assignor one-half
to William Watson, San Francisco, oil burner;
Asa A. Hoyt, assignor to Hoyfs Tree Support
Company, Watsonvllle, tree support; James W.
Hyde, San Francisco, assignor to V. -\V. Uraun
& Co., Los Angeles, scorlfler tongs; Joseph H.
Martin and D. Ormond, Riverside, water gate;
Paul Nye, Berkeley, treating ani producing
metal surfaces, from which points may be
taken; James B. Abisson, assignor to H. D.
Morten. San Francisco, melting furnace; Wil
liam M. Ilussell, Walsh Station, sraln sep
arator; William W. Btockton and W. Helfen
etcln. Bakerstield, casing spear; Glenn W.
Thurston. Dunsmuir, automatic oilln-? device;
William A. Timmerman, L03 Angeles, assignor
to National Cash Resrlster Company, Jersey
City, cash register.
Oregon — William H. Corbett, Portland, road
spool; Clarence J. Blmeral and F. A. Wiggins,
Salem, rear wheel controller for disc plows.
Washington— James E. ChllcK Spokane,
harp; William Vondoake, Vancouver, railway
cattle guard; John Harrlsburg, Seattle, electric
switch; Dorsey E. McLaughlln, Seattle, seal
lock. ¦ .
WASHINGTON, Sept. 22.-*Postofflce estab- I
lished: Oregon — Eureka. Walla Walla County, 1
Thomas E. Alyra, postmaster. j
Changes Are Made in the Postal j
Service and Numerous Patents j
; . Are Granted. - j
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
\ Corless, the chauffeur, declares the ac- j
cldent was due to a "buckling" of the '
steering gear under the machine. He ad- ¦
mits he was making between twenty and t
thirty, miles an. hour. j
Mrs» Col, who at first, was not believed
to have received more than a severe
shock and fright, had her J collarbone
broken. She^bore up bravely until after
her husband" and son were attended to,
when an examination showed she was
badly hurt.
Louis Col, the 14-year-old boy, is pain
fully hurt about, the- head and neck. Mrs.
Col and her son were both about their
home to-day, but showed plainly the
marks of the accident. P. A. Col is con
fined to his bed.. His left arm is broken
in two places arid he is hurt about the
head. The bone protruded through the
flesh of the arm.
Peter de Saisset is the only one besides
the chauffeur who is able to be on the
street. His shoulder is wrenched and he
is bruised some. .'•
All of the Injured ones are Improved to
day with the exception of Mrs. de Sais
set, who is dangerously hurt, perhaps
fatally. She is at the -Bed Cross Sani
tarium and was operated on to-day.
' SAN JOSE, Sept. 22.— That no one was
killed outright in last night's automobile
accident seems to be a- miracle. The big
machine turned three complete somer
saults down the twenty-foot embank
ment and had thrown its occupants out
before It struck the ground a tangled
mass of wreckage. This probably spared
the lives of the party. ¦•*-'.'
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Chauffaur Says Accident Was
Due to "Buckling" in
Mechanism.
Mrs. De Saisset of , San
Jose in a Dangerous
Condition.
AUTO VICTIMS
SUFFER SEVERELY
Former School Teacher and Prominent Business Man of
San Jose Are United in Marriage ait St. Mark's Episco
pal Church Before a Large Gathering of Their Friends
MISS HOPKINS BECOMES
BRIDE OF J. R. BAILEY
PENSION FRAUD
THE ACCUSATION
Grafid Commander
"Wood of Portland
Arrested.
Federal Officials Accuse Him
of Making False Cer
tificates.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, Or.. Sept. 22. — Captain
Thomas A. Wood, grand commander of
the Society of Indian War Veterans of
the Northwest and the man who was In
strumental In securing the passage of the
Indian War Veteran pension bill by Con
tress, was arrested by Deputy United
States Marshal Proebestel this morning
on charges of pension fraud.
The arrest was made upon an affidlvlt
eworn to by W. A- Pless, special exam
iner of pensions, who came out from
Washington to Investigate charges
against Captain Wood some time ago Of
procuring false affidavits and certiflcates
in three pension claims. According to
the statements of Federal officers, the ac
cusation in at least one of the cases is a
grave one.
It' is understood that the official eye of
the pension department has been focused
upon Wood for some time, or at least
eince there was considerable talk a few
veeks ago relative to supposed scandals
in connection with the local end of the
pension getting process.
The list of charges, among other things,
alleges that 'Wood assisted In procuring
a pension for Rose B. Richards, secur
ing the signature of Brazil Grounds as a
vitnesa to the eignature of the claimant,
inducing him to make affidavit that he
•was present when the woman signed
her name, when in fact he was not.-
Another charge is that in the latter
part of July Wood induced Rush Menden
hall to sign a blank affidavit which was
subsequently used in a pension claim.
The affidavit further charges fraud in the
procuring of a certificate in the claim of
one Mary Prather and that he collected
fees In all cases. Wood was arraigned
before Commissioner Sladen this morn
ing and released on $1000 bonds. His
hearing will be had next Tuesday.
BOTJETBARY COMMISSION
MAY TEAVEL IN AT.ARTTA
VANCOUVER, B. " C, Sept. 22.—Ses
sions of the Alaskan. Boundary Commis
sion now being held In London may be
adjourned to take place in Vancouver and
Skagway. Members of the tribunal have
expressed the desire to see some portions
of the territory In dispute and besides
taking a view of the lay of the land, they
¦wish to take testimony right on the
ground.
This Is the information contained in a
letter received in Vancouver to-day from
Lyman P. Duff of Victoria, one of the
Canadian counsel now appearing before
the commission in London. The sugges
tion. It is stated, was made to the Com
missioners and vas at once Indorsed by
Fir Robert Finlay. the British Attorney
General, whose argument has been the
principal feature of the commission up to
date. It is not proposed, the letter says,
to make any change in the arrangements
for at least a month, and if the trip to
America ia taken by the Commissioners,
it will be early in the new year.
THE BAST FEANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 23. 1903.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A D VEBTISEMENTS.
Dyspepsia
and other stomach troubles
quickly relieved and in most cases
surely cured.by the use of
: yr V •?
This scientific germicide is abso-
lutely harmless: it subdues the
inflammation of the mucous mem- ¦
brane of the stomach, and by re-
moving the cause, effects a cure.
Used and recommended by leading phy-
sicians. Take no substitute aud see that
each bottle bears my signature. Trial size,
81. oo, at druggists or by mail, from
61.0 Prince St. - Kew York
' ikndjor Booklet.
I shirts!
I ARE THE BEST 1
I AT JHE^ PRICE. 1
|j CLUETT, PEABODY & CO. jg
1A>. T. HESS,
Hotary Pnbllo and Attorn ey-at-Law.
Tenth Floor, Hcom 1015. Claua Spreckels blda.
Telephone Mala 883. ..
Residence, 821 California »t., below Powell.
, Reeidrnce Telephone James 1501. ;
CT. "Roos-made" means that the garments so designated '. were
made to our order by the best tailors in New York and Chicago,
from fabrics specially selected for our hoW. * °
<£ Out-of-town orders promptly filled. Send . at once for new
Style Book, "About Clothes." Address Department B.
"Roos-made" $7.00 to $11.00
Men's White and Fancy Waistcoats for day and
evening wear $400 to $12.50
Men's fine Dress Trousers to wear with Prince
Albert Frocks, made of neat patterned Tweeds
and Fancy Worsteds.
Men's Tuxedo Suits, made of Fine Unfinished
Worsteds, Silk lined and faced.
"Roos-made" $35.00 to $52.00
Men's Full Dress Evening Suits, made of Fine Un-
finished Worsteds, Silk lined throughout, new-
est models, perfect fit.
"Roos-made" $37.50 to $60.00
Men's Prince Albert Frocks with Waistcoats to
match, made of fine Black Vicuna, Silk lined
throughout, accurately fitted and draped.
"Roos-made" $30.00 to^$40.00
C> The social season is approaching and the man
who is particular about his appearance now looks to
the replenishing of his wardrobe.
<L If you are the man, you may need for day wed-
dings, afternoon calls, receptions, teas and for church
wear, a Prince Albert, which, worn with a. white waist-
coat and striped trousers of neat and quiet pattern,
is the proper dress for all such affairs.
C For evening weddings, balls, receptions, dinners
and the theater, the evening dress suit is indispens-
able» For informal dinners, club and stag affairs/where
ladies are not present, the Tuxedo may be worn. .
(L Waistcoats of white and fancy wash materials
and fancy silks are worn with both day and even-
ing clothes by good dressers.
Men's Dress Clothes
APPAREL NOTES
KEARNY AT POST
Double Green Trading Stamps Given To-Day
2 instead of I
GREEN TRADING STAMPS GIVEN WITH ALL PURCHASES AT THIS STORE.'
SHOE SPECIAL. JLJ&*- NOTION SPECIALS.
- $3.00 — Women's Vici lidj^C )\ CD""™ 3 "™' Quotations.)
French heels. The best g|| * j "l.U r AV^i^"Dl^T T A. TiT T grain silk feather bone,
shoe on the market for II Al )i^?f jr "^!df^r E COc dozen yards-
th e price.' PI 1238*1250 MARKET SX«**«a Collar bone, by the box.
Great Blanket and Com- 1 Bargains in Cloak and Suit
forter Sale Continues. Section.
Immense crowds took advantage last Mon- A bi & saving is guaranteed on every garment ad-
day of the extraordinarily liberal bargains of ™£ s 1 f d I^ 1^ 11 Une *?, °{ the , scas0 . n ' s ™??*1
iu£fc*£. ij j • it. j. n design. At the phenomenally low low prices we are
the stock damaged in the recent fire at the offering them they are chances that seldom are had.
southern Pacific freight yards. SKIRTS.
The buying was particularly sharp. Com- $2.O5 — Walking skirts, made of fancy mixtures;
ments were made on the splendid condition seven-gore flare. Beautifully finished and perfect
in which the great majority of these blankets fit «f> g o^A 0^n?;-w a w « ?%
and comforted were founi The few that J™££ c^ot^eve^re^are f sSm/S
nave the odor of smoke or are soiled by strapped and tailor stitched; inverted pleat back.
water are not irreparably damaged. Extra large through the waist measure— 37 to 36,
$2.00 Comforters, 05c $1.00 Blankets., 69c and lcn S th 39 to 45. If we cannot fit you with one
$2.50 Comforters, 91.48 $4.50 Blankets/ 92.93 "O™ stock we vn^ ma « v °u one to order free of
$3.00 Comforters, 91-i>5 $5.00 Blankets. $3.85 charge. NEW COATS.
$7.50 Blankets, $4.95 $10.00 Blankets. ?6.5O $5.95— New box coats, made of medium weight
$12.50 Blankets, 98.0O . all-wool Kersey, in beautiful shades of tan, castor,
NEW WAISTINGS. , blue and black. Double-breasted, five pearl but-
10c a yard — The latest styles in fleeced black flan- tons, coat collar and new sleeves. Special for
nels; exact copies of the real French flannels: pretty Wednesday only.
Persian colorings in dot, stripe and figure effects; spe- • NEW AUTUMN WAISTS.
cial value. ¦ - _ 91.2S-To-day we place on sale a "beautiful as-
15c a yard -Satin striped shrunk vvaistings in the sortment of Oxford waists strictly tailor-made and
season s newest patterns; the prettiest goods ever exact cop i es o f wa i sts sold at $7.50 to $10. .Many
ruu.' a' xt t u o • t. •„ , fleeced lined throughout. Mostly all black and white.
,,^, a yard-New crepe doth, 28 inches wide and «1.95_ Swell English Vesting waists. They have
all wool. It is a sot : crepe-like wool material to take the new Fren ch sleeves, French and pleated back,
the place of French flannel; comes in all shades- Front is prettily made and trimmed with pearl but-
pink, light blue, Nile, cardinal, black and navy. | | torfs. Plain white and colors. Worth fully $3.73.
News Interesting to 1 1 Values 1U DreSS Goods. 1 1 MllsIil1 Underwear.
Worsen ** • ~ - There is no department
, , $ 1 .25 a y ar d black Swiss taffeta at. ... QC p like this in the city where
Arranged here are a (This is our new big special.) *>+>*> the buying facilities are
few fancy goods that . BLACK DRESS COOD«L better. It is because of
women absolutely need. nm , / BUAUi DR£5i> goods. '""r, "*
At these low prices they 3^c a yard-Figured mohairs in neat effects; offer thesc^raJe bargains
are tempting bargains. "RJjJar 75c quality. for to-dav bar * ains
TOP COLLARS. 3^ 41 " 52 '^ 11 WaCk ChCVi ° t: "'" 0 COWNS.
25c each— Silk top $1.00 a yard— 50-inch zibeline; long hairy finish. w* *i?^T^i! ° f ° am "
collars with long tabs This was bought to sell for $1.25. Special for to- fe lc f ,?, ? s K f l< ?i\?Z , mUS "
and embroidered in silk. morrow. • J" 1 f . u!1 & m l ht l Ior 'S-
They come in black, 50c a yard-44-inch storm serge; suitable for Empire, trench slip and
black and white and rough wear. y? ke effects, elaborately
white. Also wash stock : — : 1 trimmed with dainty
collars made of Oxford. _^ ,, cs and cmb , r oideries.
plain and tancy. Special. I o . Z IT IT Ia ?>'. P rctt y s^ 1 " to se-
haik bows. Sale Superb Street Hats. lect Drawers.
15c each— Fancy hair These few items have been selected for their ?? c ~ °* ,! nusIi "
bows made of striped particularly good selling powers. They are pro- Wlde umbrella ™me of
gauze ribbbn, iM inches nounced this season's most popular lines' and L awn trimmed , wlth 4
wide, with hair pin. will undoubtedly be welcomed by those who are fine tucks and 2-inch
RIBBONS looking for moderate priced serviceable street Hamburg edge. An ex-
-.«. t-i • ' hats * cellent value.
19c a yard— Fancy \go nft * T '? ? u ¦ vi 1 v, CORSET COVERS.
striped Louisine ribbons 9—OO—Neat turban m black or navy blue 50c— Cambric founda-
in pink, blue, cream and ? elt draped across the crown and finished with t ; on elaborately trimmed
white, 5 inches wide. Jet ornaments with wide Valenciennes
Suitable for neck, belt Jj»-..OO— White felt pompadour shape trim- insertion and tucks; neck
and trimmings. Will med with felt and stitched in black or white. and arm holes trimmed
wash well. Special. Very swell. w j t h edging to match.
PEAGEES
PEAOEES
FHAGEB3.
|ji Dresser-solid oak, quarter j||
H sawed top. Two top draw- M
fa! ers, serpentine. fievelFrench |jj
H Plate Mirror, oval or square. |j§
pj The material and worKman- JDUBLIN. Sept. 22. — Ten fishermen were
drowned to-day by the capsirinc of a boat in
XUllim Bar, near Watcrvllle.
A reward of $250 is hereby offered to
any one who will furnish the evidence to
secure the conviction of the person or
persons who tampered with the wires on
the line of the company, above San Ra
fael, on or about September 20. 1903.
• California Northwestern Railway Co. .
Reward.
LONDON, Sept. 22.— Arthur Bourchier
produced Haddon Chambers' play, "Tho
Golden Silence." In the Garrick Theater
this evening. It proved to be a very dis
appointing comedy. Bourchier has sel
dom received a cooler reception, his part,
that of an American painter, 'being the
feeblest in the play. At the close of the
performance Haddon Chambers came
forward uninvited and bowed from the
stage. He was received with a chorus
of croans.
Chambers' New Play a Frost.
TOPEKA, Kans., Sept. 22.— The Rock
Island •will pay special attention to the
California tourist traffic this fall. From
now until November 30 tickets will be sold
at greatly reduced rates and it is an
nounced that special advantages will be
offered In the way of equipment. v
Cheap Rates to California.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 22.— Information was
received here that Mrs. Frank W. Plant,
daughter of James K. Jones' of Arkansas,
chairman of the National Democratic Com
mittee, died sddenly of heart failure in Minne
sota.
PORTLAND, Or., Sept. 22. — Twenty
pounds of giant powder exploded, last
evening three miles south of .Mount Ta
bor, killing John Simon and Edward Wey
gandt instantly.
The men were carrying the powder to a
field, where they intended to blast stumps,
when it is supposed one of them stumbled
and fell, causing the powder to explode.
Both men were blown to pieces and their
remains were scattered over an acre* of
ground. The fragments of the bodies
were picked- up and brought to the Cor
oner's office to-day. Both men leave
families. - - :
EXPLOSION OF POWDER
ENDS LIVES OF TWO MEN
BERLIN, Sept. 22.— An extensive sys
tem of targets that fire with blank cart
ridges upon a firing line using real cart
ridges was tested to-day on the drill
grounds of the Queen Elizabeth regiment,
grenadier guards. The targets, which are
rhaped like the bodies and heads of men,
armed with rifles, machine guns and artil
lery, appear and disappear at the will of
the commanding officer on touching a
button in electrical connection with the
targets.
The problem of the firing line is to make
as many hits as possible on these targets,
which are irregularly visible, and at the
same time simulate the condition of ac
tual war by keeping up a hot blank cart
ridge lire upon the practicers. The appar
atus, which was invented by First Lieu
tenant Tschirschky, Is expensive, as It
Uses up much ammunition, but in the
opinion of the numerous high officers
present the trials are admirable adapted
to instill composure in the firing line.
Ingenious Device Is Meant to Simu
late the Conditions of Actual
War.
GERMANS TEST TARGETS
THAT RETURN THE FIRE
SAN RAFAEL, Sept. 22.— The Super
visors of Marin County are seriously con
templating the closing of the county high,
way known as the "hill load" leading
from San Rafael to San Quentin prison.
Some time ago the State Board of Prison
Directors, through Directors J. H. WU
kins and C N. Felton, appeared before
the Supervisors and asked that the road
be closed and made private, claiming It
was for best Interests of the State in
general to grant this wish.
The hill road has been a public highway
since 1854 and is the main driveway to
tlie penitentiary, passing directly in front
of the prison. For this reason it is easy,
so it is claimed, for ammunition, guns or
opium to be cached by evil doers along
this road and ultimately passed inside
the prison walls, thereby precipitating an
outbreak or at least Insubordination
among the inmates. Several times before
the Prison Directors have attempted to
have this highway abolished and as far
back as 1E93 took the matter into court.
The county, however, won out. After the
Folsom outbreak the matter was thought
of more favorably and to-day, the Super
visors, investigated a proposition whereby
the state offers to build another road for
the county.
Marin Supervisors Consider the Shut
ting Off of Highway to
San Quentin.
PRISON DIRECTORS TJRGE
CLOSING OF "BOLL ROAD"
Miss Rayl came to this city from. Wells
vllle, Ohio, some time ago to take up the
work of nursing with her brother, who is
a physician, and entered a training
school for nurses almost immediately up
on her arrival. The only known cause
for self-destruction, if the death of the
young woman proves to have been such,
was a disappointment in a love affair at
Wellsville and this also i3 said to have
been the cause of Miss Rayl leaving her
home city.
The belief of the police that she was
not murdered and her body placed on the
track agrees with that of the Coroner
and a second physician, who performed
the autopsy upon the body, neither of
whom Inclines to the theory of murder.
Notwithstanding their belief that the case
is one of suicide, the police are still work
ing on it and will continue to do so until
further effort in that direction seems use
less.
CLEVELAND, Ohio., Sept. 22.—Despond
end and disheartened over conditions,
some of which may never be known. Miss
Olive Rayl, sister of Dr. Rayl of Glen
ville, whose body was found badly crush
ed on the Lake Shore tracks in Gordon
Park early to-day, threw herself in front
of a passing train or lay down on the
track to await death. This was the opin
ion of the police to-night after a day
spent by the entire detective force in at
tempting to unravel the uncertainty
which surrounds the terrible death of the
young Woman.
Olive Rayl Adopts Hor
rible Method of
Suicide.
LONDON. Sept. 22.— The question re
garding the accuracy of the shooting of
the British cruiser Powerful's 4.7-inch
guns, which, it is claimed, saved Lady
smith from capture by the Boers, has
been brought to the front in a sensational
manner by Rear Admiral Lambton, who
gained much condemnation for conveying
the naval guns to Ladysmith Just before
the garrison was shut up by the Boers.
In his evidence before the South Afri
can War Commission, General Sir Arch
ibald Hunter, now commander of the
forces in Scotland, who passed through
the siege, declared that the practice with
the naval guns was so bad that he "of
fered to take the boys out of school, who
would serve the guns and make as good
practice."
Admiral Lambton has now published a
statement to the effect that immediately
after he saw General Hunter's evidence
he wrote only to the Admiralty demand
ing an unreserved apology from General
Hunter. Admiral Lambton asks the news
papers to abstain from comment pend
ing developments.
General's Aspersions on the Naval
Gun Practice at Ladysmith
Arouses His Ire.
ADMIRAL LAMBTON ASKS
THAT HTJNTEB, APOLOGIZE
SPEEDING TRAIN
ENDS HER WOES
TWO SOCIETY BRIDES-TO-BE
AND ONE OF THE LUCKY
MEN.
BOGOTA. Monday, Sept. 21.«-G«neral Juan
Tovar has been appointed commander of the
Atlantic and Pacific fleets of Colombia.
The Papyrus Club will entertain on
Thursday at 2:30 p. m. at Utopia Hall.
The clever women of this club at all
times have much to offer in the way of
wit and goodfellowship, but this first of
their fall "affairs promises to scintillate
with •> gleams of humor. Madame Semi
nario is going to render one of her de
lightful solos and Mr. McNaught Is going
to talk, on "Woman's Clubs." As they
are all wondering what he knows about
them and how he found out what -he
knows, the clubwomen are eager to hear
him. '£ii&3£gli£i!JS£g5^
The wedding of Miss Alice Donovan to
Dr. William Hopper will occur at St.
Mary's Cathedral on October 1. A recep
tion will follow at the Sorosis Club rooms,
to which about fifty guests will be bidden.
Miss Donovan is a girl of fine mentality
and a close student of music. The groom
Is prominently 'connected with many
clubs in this city and is looked upon by
his fellow professionals as unusually pro.
gressive in the Held of medicine.
¦ The afternoon will surely prove a pleas
ant memory to the president during her
task laden days of the future, as the club
calendar is heavy with self created tasks.
Yesterday was president's day at the
California Club. A throng of handsome,
well gowned women gathered In the club
rooms to do honor to the president, Mrs.
George Law Smith, who received the
greetings of about 400 guests and mem
bers. Mrs. Smith, by her tact and per
sonality, has succeeded in welding her
large organization ltno a pleasant family
—rather Mormonistic in proportions, per
haps, but bound together by ties of
mutual regard and common interests. It
w as this affectionate regard that drew
together the largest audience of the pres
ent session and that promoted the senti
ment of goodfellowship among the mem
bers.
The president took occasion to an
nountie that on Saturday evening next
the California Club will hold a mass
meeting at Lyric Hall, Eddy street, for
the purpose of exploiting the bond issue
question. Senator J. R. Knowland will
preside over the gathering and Samuel
Shortridge, William Alvord, G. B. Ben
banr and P. H. McCarthy will deliver
short addresses. The president urged her
fair hearers to attend and not only to
perform that duty, but to bring their
friends— men friends, of course, whose
opinions have a tangible value.
• • •
The engagement appears to be one of
the pleasant results of automoblling — and
there seem to be some that are pleasant.
Miss Landers during the. summer aston
ished Monterey sojourners by her daring
Tarn o' Shanter rides in the "red devils"
and by her excursions in the auto of Mr.
Whittell, who holds a Lou Dillon record
for speed in his car. Mr. Whittell has
been an ardent devotee of the new style
of locomotion and has developed a pro
ficiency almost Parisian in propelling his
machine. He Is considered a capital fel
low and his friends are showering him
with congratulations at having won so
dainty a maid as Miss Landers.
Miss Landers, as is well known, is a
cousin o£ Mrs.' Jack Johnson of Los An
geles, she who was the charming Berlnice
Landers.
Another bit of news for the smart set
it that Miss Pearl Landers, daughter of
John Landers — the dainty, daring and
chic Miss Pearl— Is to be married within a
year. To whom? To George F. Whittell,
son of George Whittell, the capitalist, of
1155 California street.
The young people have been the recip
ients of a flood of congratulations. While
the exact date is not set for the wedding
it will probably occur before the holi
days.
The' engagement is announced of Miss
Adelaide Deming, daughter of E. O. Dem
ing, to Robert Mein of Oakland. The
friends of both these popular young peo
ple have been long anticipating this pleas
ant denouement and are correspondingly
happy.
Miss Deming is a dashing type ot-West
ern womanhood— svelt, stunning and
clever. With a wealth of Rubens hair,
she possesses the individuality that Is an
accompaniment of that type.
Mr. Mem is the son of the late wealthy
mining engineer of South Africa, whose
enterprises distinguished him during the
first rush to the gold fields. The mother
of the prospective groom is a resident of
Oakland, where she still maintains the
line old family home.
Ayres and Mr. Searles is without doub
one of the cleverest summer coups oi
Cupid.
The wedding will occur in January.
• • •
Swenyon asked a passing driver for a
ride and rode Into the village with him.
He had scarcely arrived in Oyster Bay
when he was taken from the wagon by
two secret service officers and examined.
Swenyon had nothing in his pockets ex
cept about $4 in money and a Swedish re
ligious newspaper. On a piece of paper
he wrote his name and address in a per
fectly legible hand. He says he lived at
the Sayszerry Hotel, New York City. His
only object in coming to Oyster Bay, he
said, was to see Sagamore Hill and the
President, about whom he had heard and
read a great deal. He arrived here on the
3:19 train this afternoon, but did not have
a return ticket to New York. After exam
ining thoroughly the officers were con
vinced that he was entirely .harmless and
that he neither was an anarchist nor a
Socialist. He readily acceded to the sug
gestion of the officers that he leave the
village. They accompanied him ! to the
station and he bought his own ticket to
Isew York. He left on the 6:07 train,
6haking hands with the officers before he
entered the car.
OYSTER BAY, Sept. 22.— A suspicious
character, giving his name as Samuel
Swenyon, w-as held up by the secret ser
vice officers at Sagamore Hill late 1 this
afternoon while making an effort to see
the President. He was turned back to the
village, shadowed, stopped in Oyster
Bay, searched and later placed on a
train for New York. He was unarmed
and appeared to be a harmless crank,
possibly a religious fanatic. .
Swenyon. who Is a slightly built man
of about 35 years, with a reddish brown
beard and mustache, blue eyes and a
strong foreign cast of countenance,
walked up the raodway leading to Saga
more Hill about 4:30 this afternoon. His
clothes were badly torn in several places.
He was stopped by. a secret service offi
cer. He told the officer that he was a
Swede and had come from New YorkUo
see the President and Sagamore Hill,
having read about the President's sum
mer home in the newspapers. A short
time befoje the President, accompanied
by Mrs. Roosevelt, had gone from the
house to the woods near by to chop
wood, that being a favorite exercise of
his. The man was turned back by the
officer, who told him the President was
not at home. He said he was a gardener
and looked curiously about the grounds
and then started on his return to the
village. He was followed by another of
ficer in one of the President's road
wagons. "
GUAYAQUIL. Sept. £2.-Miguel Val
verde. Secretary for Foreign Affairs, has
resigned owir.:? to a disagreement with
Congress. The other secretaries are ex
pected to follow his example.
Cabinet Crisis in Ecuador.
Visits Sagamore Hill and
Is Closely Watched
by Officers.
NEW LONDON. Conn.. Sept. 22.— The
(Idled States training ship Alliance is
aground at Race Rock. The ship went
«:pon tht rock late this afternoon and,
elthouph she is apparently hard and fast,
*he is in no danger. A United States mon
itor is standing by the etranded vessel.
Training Ship Alliance Aground.
CHICAGO, Sept. 22.— A Russian decree
of divorce has been held to be valid by
Judge Gibbons of the Circuit Court of
this city. Max Graber, a Russian He
brew, was married nineteen years ago to
Sarah Gratir. He came to the United
States, his wife refusing to follow him.
After remaining in this country five years
he returned to Russia and his wife de
manded a divorce and 800 rubles, the ante
nuptial settlement.
Graber came back to America, and when
he had saved the money sent It to her.
He then married again. The first wife
came to Chicago and demanded more
money. Graber refused to give any. She
thereupon had him arrested for bigamy.
He was tried and found guilty.
Sentence, however, was suspended. His
attorney, however, then made up a case
to test the validity of the Jewish decree
called "Get" granted in Russia, the di
vorce obtained having been banded over
to her by a council of rabbis in solemn
session in 'Russia, according to the Rus
sian laws. Judge Gibbons held that in
the absence of any proof of fraud the
decree was valid and must be recognized
by the courts of Illinois.
CHICAGO JUDGE HOLDS
RUSSIAN DIVORCE VALID
HARMLESS CRANK
SEEKS PRESIDENT
KANSAS CITY. Mo., Sept. 22.— A meet
ing of the promoters of the Independent
Packing Company, which was incorpor
ated recently to fight the alleged pack
ers' combine, was held in this city to-day.
The general plan for the organization ami
financing of the company were dl3cus3e»l
and a board of directors was elected
which will control the affairs of the com
pany. The company is capitalized at
$3,000,000. One hundred thousand shares
of stock at $30 a share will be issued.
The board of directors which was elect
ed to-day comprises cattlemen from al
most every Western State. The board is
as follows: E. S. Gosney. Arizona; H. A.
Jastro, California; C. E. Adams and A.
Watklns, Nebraska: Xcah Newbanks andi
C. J. Buell, South Dakota; M. C. Camp
bell. Paul Russell, T. M. Walker and
George Plume. Kansas; E. B. Frayser
and S. L. Williams, Indian Territory; J.
T. Brown and William Lindsay. Montana:
L. F. Wilson. Burk B. Bennett. W. E.
Halsell and S. B. Lucas, Texas; F. W.
Flato and H. H. Gentry. Missouri; John
W. Springer, Frank Benton and C. F.
Martin. Colorado; J. H. Gwynn. Oregon.
At the close of the meeting Charles F.
Martin, secretary of the National Live
stock Asociation. said that the first meet
ing of the board of directors probably
would be held in Denver on the first of
next month. At this meeting the officers
of the company would be elected and
the plans for financing the company will
be prepared.
Board of Directors Comprises Promi
nent Cattlemen, Among them H.
A. Jastro of California.
INDEPENDENT PACKING
COMPANY IS ORGANIZED
Of the new Pontiff the Cardinal spoke
in terms cf the greatest enthusiasm. He
said that the choice of the conclave had
been most happy from an American view
point, as Pius X.was deeply interested in
the development of the church in this
country and was s;naUlarly # fa?niMar with
American institutions. The' Cardinal had
several lengthy interviews with the Pope
recarding church affairs in this country.
The Cardinal was not inclined to dis
cuss the probable policy of the- n?w papal
regime, but said that no radical changes
in American church administration would
ensue. He said that one of the first steps
by Pius was to instruct his acting Secre
tary of State, Mgr. Merry del Val. to pro
vide for an extensive exhibit of the Vati
can treasures at the St. Louis Exposi
tion. He said the exhibit wouM probably
comprise some of the magnificent jubilee
gifts of the late Pontiff and a number of
rare historical manuscripts and maps
from the Vatican library relating to the
early settlement and mission work in the
Louisiana purchase territory, most of
which was penetrated by Catholic mis
sionaries within a quarter of a century
oT the discovery of the continent./
Asked about the possibility of another
American Cardinal teing .appointed, Car
dinal Gibbons answered: "There will be
another Cardinal. It wouid not surprise
me to see the number of American Car
dinals augmented in the near future. But
there is absolutely no truth in the cabled
statement that the Pcpe purposes to
create a patriarchate for the Occident.
The statement is ridiculous."
To the Passionist Fathers the Cardinal
brought a special bJesslng from Pope
Pius X in response to the message of love
and congratulation sent to the Pope by
them at the time of his election.
Concerning the probable relations be
tween the new Pope and the Italian Gov
ernment, Cardinal Gibbons said:
The Pope as Patriarch of Venice was on
very friendly terms with the King, but what &
man does when he is a mere private In the
ranks, so to ?p<?ak. and when lie is elevated
to power and respomlbility are wholly different
thir.s^. What Pius X Will do in this matter
is. of course, unknown. You may rely on it.
however, there will te r.o suiiden change.
Those thines are not dene In a way to attract
tttentlon. If a chanre does take place It will
be e. gradual change. The friendliness between
the Vatican and the Qulrlnal wil] grow.
Pius X is not the Patriarch of Venice and
while he may retain his friendly feelings for
the King, these feelings will cause no sudden
change of papal policy, but will probably In
the course of time brine about Improved re
lationship and a better state of things. The
King, I believe, is Influenced by very friendly
fet lings toward the Pcpe.
The Cardinal will remain in this city, a
guest at the home of Mrs. Kelly of
Brooklyn, until Friday, when he will ac
company the delegation to Baltimore.
When the welcoming party boarded the
Kaiser Wilhelm off quarantine Mr. Tib
bett made an address of welcome, to
which the Cardinal briefiy responded.
Another reception awaited the Cardinal
when ho went ashore at Hoboken. The
Tier was crowded with ecclesiastical
friends from this city. This afternoon the
Cardinal went to Brooklyn. He had a
pleasant voyage and he said the ocean
trip had recuperated his strength, which
had been greatly taxed by the 3evere spell
of fever he suffered, due to the Intense
heat in Rome during the progress of the
conclave.
Heading the delegation were Rev. Dr.
J. D. Stafford of Washington and Rev. B.
Singleton of Baltimore and R. B. Tib
bett of Baltimore, supreme president of
the Catholic Benevolent Lodse.
NEW YORK. Sept. 22.— Cardinal Gib
bons arrived here to-day on the Kaiser
Wilhelm der Grosie. A delegation of
priests and laymen from Baltimore went
down the bay on a revenue cutter to greet
him and welcome him home.
-OTTAWA, Ont.. Sept. 22.— F. H. Clerge,
the promoter of .the Soo industries, is
here. When asked if the statement that
he was going' to straighten matters out
was true, he replied:
The Soo slant will be running soon. We
will ray our debts and will have the plant
running as good as ever. This closing down
was done without the knowledge of the direc
tors of the company. When the works shut
down th?y were earning $170,000 per month
net. and only a part of the plant was run
ning.
I think the Influence of the company should
be sufficient to offset any unfriendly attitude
taken by any large rival st»el interest. As to
the receivership, I do not see what could be
grained by our filing an application at this tlm».
E. C. Miller said
NEW \v/RK, Sept. 22.— Notice of the
intention of the syndicate which under
wrote the loan of J5,0o0,000 to the Con
solidated Lake Superior Company to sell
at auction the assets of the company, held
by them as collateral for the loan was
to-day sent by Speyer & Co. to the offi
cers of the company. The details of the
sale have not yet been made public.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 22.— The stock
holders and the executive committee of
the consolidated Lake Superior Company
held a conference here to-day to decide
upon a plan of procedure. A member of
the committee said:
If Scey*r & Co. have decided to foreclose on
the property It Is by agreement of the man
agement. A sale is a necessary part of the
reorganization plan, and only a sale will put
the reorganization in. a position in which they
can say to the stockholders: "You must
either pay an assessment or loss your Inter
est. V
The jurors aprecd among themselves rot
to divulce the proceedings in the jury
room. One jurcr, however, said that for
f^ur ballots eleven jurors voted for the
death penalty and one for a life penalty.
All agreed on the fifth ballot.
This was the second trial of Curtis Jett
on the charge of murder. In his first
trial fnr the murder of J. E. Marcum in
Jackson. Ky.. Jeit and Thomas White
Brer* sentenced to life imprisonment.
The Jury retired at 2:<4 o'clock. When
it re-entered the courtroom at 5:10 o'clock,
after having agreed en a verdict, quiet
reigned for a few minutes. Jett's mother
had gone away earlier, under the im
pression that no verdict wculd be reached,
;ir.d the verdict of death, comine about
two hours after the jury retired, was a
*urrri?e to every one in the courtroom.
The re»dln* of the verdict did not affect
jctt. but his brother was very much dis
tressed.
Elijah McKir.ne-y served as foreman of
the jury. After the delivering of the ver
dict to the court the jury vras polled.
Ti-.e death sentence was then read to
Jett by Clerk T. J. Robinson, after which
be was civen over to the custody of the
Deputy Sheriffs. Cclonel Blanton. Jetfs
lawyer, will file a motion for a new trial
to-morrow.
CYN'THIANA, Ky.. Sept. After a
trial lasting eight days the jury in the
case of Curtis Jott. charged with the
murder of Town Marshal Cockriil in Jack
eon. Ky.. on July Cl. 1??2. this evening
rendered a verdict of guilty and fixed the
punishment at death.
Promoter Declares the Soo
Plant Will Soon Be in
Operation Again.
Victims of Curtis Jett's
Ready Rifla Will Be
AveDged.
Cardinal Receives a Warm
Welcome Home by Dele
gation From Baltimore.
THE bethothal of Miss Caroline
Stetson Ayres, daughter of Grove
P. Ayres of Holbrook, Merrell &
Stetson, to Dennis Searles has Just
been announced.
The young. lady has spent the summer
at the out of town house of her parents
at Menlo— Campo Bello — and the wooing
beneath the oaks ended In a betrothal.
The summer, with its balmy days and
velvet nights, has wrought many a ten
der attachment — this Is a part of summer
__— its romances. The engagement of Miss
Kentucky Assassin Is
Sentenced to Die
by the Hope.
Consolidated Lake Su
perior Company Offi
cials Meet. I
Pius X Deeply Inter
ested in American
Institutions.
LAW TRIUMPHS
OVER FEUDISTS
RIVAL OF TRUST
SEEKS ESCAPE
GIBBONS TALKS
OF PAPAL POLICY
, - ¦ * - - - ' -¦ * -~ - - - „* j: ¦ •
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER . 23, 3 903.
Miss Caroline Stetson Ayres, Daughter of Grove P. Ay res, Is to
Wed Dennis Searles, Miss Adelaide Deming Will Become Mrs.
Robert Mein and Miss Pearl Landers Will Marry George Whittell
BETROTHALS OF THREE YOUNG
PROMINENT SOCIETY COUPLES
3
ADVZBTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
: '^f >; tft*VirfTfffrr-irrTriiiii rtr^rTirri rf>T B*" tfTif ii »"M
Philadelphia Shoe Co.
I07HIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.
id;cir^f Can Br.'J fling.
THE ACME OF FASHION
PATENT LEATHER LACE
What a chance can be noticed in
the shoe business durirg the past
few years. "Why ¦wre all remember
cr.!y a «=hort time back when pat-
ent leather shoos could not be
bought fcr less than £.00. and to-
day tvhat a difference. We have
cut the r>rice in two. For exam-
ple, we make a special offer of
Ladies' Patent Leather Lace Shoes
¦with mat kid toes, coin toes and
tips, flexible eoles and French heels.
AN'D OUR PRICE ONLY i5'«2.."»O.
Sizes 2\jt to ~\i; widths A to E.
PHYSICAL GULTURESHQE
A low shoe for ladies. Specially
designed by Professor Hoover and
riuilt for eas*> and comfort. It can
be worn either for exereteins or
as a street shoe. Ladies'. Vici Kid
Oxford Ties, plain bread toes, hand
turned elk tannfd soles and low
rubber heels. THE PRICE RE-
DUCED TOi«1 .45- Sizes 3 to 9&;
widths B to EEE.
TEAMSTERS' SHOES
W« have Just placed on the mar-
ket a union stamped shoe specially
made for teamsters. Made of the
be*t tannery calf and hand welted
hcavv double soles with double
itv,ank« Evcrv pair guaranteed for
wear THE PRICE ONLY *2.JSO.
Sires' 5Vfc to 12; widths B to EEE.
B. KATSCHINSKI
Philadelphia Shoe Co.
1C TZIZBD ST., San Francisco.
. THE CALL'S
GREAT ATLAS OFFER
Will close on September 24,
1903, and all holders of Atlas
Coupons are requested to ' pre-
cent tliem immediately, as this
great opportunity to secure one
of these splendid Atlases at The
Call's premium rates will be
brought to. a close on Septem-
ber 24. '
What does most to promote
honest business?
Moneyback.
Where did moneyback come
from?
Schilling's Best — at your
grocer's.
Some of the early symptoms of wealc
kidneys are pain or dulj. ache In the back,
rheumatism, dizziness, headache, nerv-
ousness, catarrh of the bladder, gravel or
calculi, bloating:, sallow complexion, puf-
fy or dark circles under tn» eyes, suppres-
sion of urine, or compelled to pass water
often day and night.
The mild and extraordinary effect of th«
world-famous kidney remedy. Dr. Kil-
mer's Swajap-Root. Is soon realized- It
stands the highest for its wonderful cures
of the most distressing cases. If you need
a medicine you should have the best.
Swamp-Root is not recommended for
everything, but \Z you have kidney, liver,
bladder or urtc acid trouble you will find
It Just the remedy you need.
Sold by druggists in flfty-cent and on»-
dollar sizes.. Tou may have a sample bot-
tle of Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root and a
pamphlet that tells all about It. Includes
many of the thousands of letters received
from sufferers cured, both sent free by
malL Write Dr. Kilmer * Co.. Bingham-
ton. N. T.. and please be sure to mention
that you read this generous offer In The
San Francisco Daily Call. Don't mak«
any mistake, but remember the name.
Swamp-Root. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root,
and the address, Blnghamton. X. Y.. en
every bottle.
Ewamp-Root, discovered by tha eminent
kidney and bladder specialist, promptly
cures kidney, liver, bladder and uric acid
troubles.
SAMPLE BOTTLE SENT FREE B7 MAIL.
The Wonderful Kidney, liver and
Bladder Remedy.
LIFE SAVED BY SWAMP-BOOT,
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT.
/*...¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ i. * i. T^k
1/ to your measure \
Big * £ rt»t| r \\\
g g If you have $15.00 to invest in a suit by all |
g i means see the clothes we are making to order |
h hk 3C tnis price* if
¦ 0 We have lately received direct 'from the B
B 1 mills thousands of yards of fall patterns. With y
1 a this added to our already immense assortment " |
fl H we are showing more patterns at $15.00 than - J
H 1 were ever shown in one line by any store on II
H 1 this coast heretofore. 1 1
Hi No matter what your fancy is you will find 1 1
S U it among these $15.00 suitings. I I
« « Furthermore, we know that many a tailor a I
1 ¦ about town is charging $20.00 for suits no bet- M I
1 ¦ ter than these. We could prove it to you in a f I
3 U minute were you to examine the quality of our f |
W ° Our repairing guarantee goes with each suit. m p*
l\ B We will repair, sponge and press all garments > :• #, M
|\ 1 free of charge. This alone will save you many M It
¦ I \ See our window display and remember we Mill
/Fill \\ have a hundred more patterns inside. m I If
«nl 11 You need " ot buy bccausc you Io ° t ' c or kecp H n \ex
RvJ I B because you buy. B II IlKl
1 1 Suits for out-of-town customers satisfactorily made I Jl mf
a \\\ to order through our self-measuring system— write for || II 1
N If I blank and samples. I 11 1
If S7J\^OD^C0 -'\\
I // 740 Market Street and \^\
I & Corner Powell and Eddy IjMPlatform Is Adopted
After Very Warm
Battle.
Heated Debates En
liven the Con
vention.
An important real estate transaction
took place yesterday. Banker S. O. Mur
phy scld his beautiful residence, corner
of Pacific avenue and Broderlck street, to
Thomas H. Williams and the latter deed
ed it to his wife. It la said that the price
paid for the splendid house and ample
grounds approximated $100,000.
Banker Sells Residence.
Notwithstanding that the committee on
platform was so retlctnt the fact became
generally known that the <iuest!cns of the
bond issue and the city ownership of the
Geary-street Railroad were not decided
upon. It was thought besf- by the com
mittee to leave theso disputed topics to
be fought out In the convention.
"What the general committee of the
United Republican League did in the mat
ter of slate-making can be only prob
lematical also. Of all the rumors which
were circulated among the delegates the
most persistent was that Van der Nalllen
was to be the candidate Tor Public Ad
ministrator and that Aigeltinsrer was to
have a place on the Board of Supervisors
from the Thirty-eighth District. It was
also said that Griff was to supplant
O'Nell in the race for the County Clerk
ship.
One of the most Important acts of tha
committee on organization and one cal
culated to effect the position of on© or
more candidates for Superviso* 13 tho
resolution passed last nlgnt to the effect
that no one who haa been nominated by
another party can be a candidate for any
office on the Republican ticket.
GBIIT FOB COUNTY CLERK.
The committee on platform was very
secretive over the results of Its labors.
What the main planks In Its propaganda
are to be was left very problematical
by the close-mouthed members. Chair
man Charles Sonntag 1 of thi3 committee
vouchsafed the following statement con
cerning the general character of tha
platform:
Of course, wa are all pledged to secrecy aa
to the contents of the platform, but I will
say that it is one which is bound to go through
without any strong 1 opposition, since It em
braces the principles of every faction in tha
Republican party. Also you may say that It
absolutely was not cut and dried before our
meeting. TVe had petitions from improvement
clubs, suggestions of politicians and even the
little grrafts of ward politicians handed to us
for our consideration and we made up our col
lection of planks from these materials, chocs
tng what the majority thought was right.
This la the first committee on platform that
I ever had anything to do with which sat
down to Its labors absolutely untrammelnl.
I think that our efforts will satisfy the party.
WILL SATISFY PARTY.
Three committees of the league met Ui
private conference at 16 Geary street and
as a result of their labors, the order cf
business for the convention was drawn
up and the party platform constituted.
As the committee on permanent organi
zation for the convention has it. the nom
ination for JIayor will be the first busi
ness of the assemblage to-morrow night.
For the nomination of Supervisors, the
chairman of the convention will appoint a
committee of nine, one from each Sena
torial district, who will make a slate from
the sixty-five names presented to the con
vention by the districts and present It to
the convention after the other municipal
offices have been disposed of.
The expected failed to materialize last
night. In that Abo Ruef did not make his
formal withdrawal from the support of
the nominee of the Republican party for
Mayor in favor of Schmitz. It ia now ex
pected that ho will make this withdrawal
publicly at the time when the conven
tion makes the nomination of the man to
head the ticket.
Btax chamber session of the Re
publican powers that be in the headquar
ters of the United Republican League las*
night. The last finishing touches to ths
campaign before the convention to-nigrh*
had to be put upon the complexion of
things political. The machinery for tha
proper governance of the great political
assemblage to-morrow had to be set la
motion last night.
A STUPENDOUS amount of hurry
and bustle, secret conferences and
private buttonholing marked tha
Convention Is to
First Nominate
a Mayor.
Republican Com
mittee Offers
Planks.
PLATFORM
OF PARTY
MADE UP
FRANKLIN K. LANE RECEIVES NOMINATION FOR MAYOR
AT HANDS OF DEMOCRATIC MUNICIPAL CONVENTION
Choynski came back with a motion for
a recess of fifteen minutes, but it was
ruled out of order. A motion to adjourn
was overlooked and Cummlng's motion
for the previous question was lost, as
two-thirds of the vote of the convention
was necessary. A motion to adjourn was
lost by a vote of 231% to 113% votes.
More motions to adjourn followed
after come business Intervened, bat
the chairman ruled them out of order on
the ground that they were not made In
good faith.
Chairman Cannon of the committee on
platform was ordered to present his re
port and he mounted the platform for the
purpose.. He had to wait for some time
until O'Donnell and Choynski raised all
kinds of points of order and asked for
all kinds of Information. - Chairman
Hlckey lost his temper for the nonce and
If the chairman of this convention, haa au
thority to appoint forty members of the next
county committee to whom will they owe al
legiance, to the voters of this city, to any
district in San Francisco, or to the power that
appoints them? If they are elected by the
different delegations represented in this con
vention they will owe allegiance to tha dis
tricts from which they are chosen. Do you
believe for one instant that a committee that
has a large portion appointed by the chairman
of the organization will adhere as strictly to
Democratic principles as one elected by the
representation here to-night on the floor of
thl3 convention? I do not think they will. If
you want to give us an honest and fair county
committee, if you want to go out into this
coming municipal fight with a prospect of
winning it, you have got to start right at the
beginning. Pe;-sonally it is immaterial to me
what you do. but as a representative of the
Democrats of the Thirty-sixth Assembly Dis
trict I propose to go upon record here this
evening as raising my voice in opposition to
the chairman of this organization appointing
anybody on the county committee. My delega
tion I believe, is with me. almost to a man
in favoring committees being elected
by the different delegations here represented.
George E. Gallagher took the platform
to argue in favor of the adoption of the
amendment. He created a great deal of
merriment by his droll remarks. Gal
lagher took the delegates Into bis con
fidence and advised them to vote for the
amendment. He was interrupted time
and again, but held his place on the plat
form. Throughout the uproar Chairman
Hickey pounded the anvil until the con
vention hall sounded like a boiler factory
in full operation.
The amendment was lost by a vote of
21&% to 120*i.
The "Horses and Carts" then adopted
filibustering tactics. Colonel Choynski
grew hoarse yelling for recognition. He
moved that the original motion. ; which
was to adopt the report, be deferred un
til the next meeting. Upon motion of
Robert Boyd an attempt was made to lay
it on the table. Chairman Hickey tried
to have the motion to lay on the table
adopted by a viva voce vote, but his plan
met with opposition. A rollcall was de
manded and the chairman of the Twenty
eighth District caused an uproar by vot
ing his delegation against laying Choyn
ski's motion on the table. He saw his
mistake too late and the "Horses and
Carts" howled over his discomfiture.
Points of order, questions of Informa
tion and demands for rollcalls came with
such frequency that Hlckey became dizzy.
He pounded on the anvil for order, but
never got it. He yelled himself hoarse,
but his voice could not be heard above
the uproar. JVhenever he ruled, the
minority, led by Joseph E. O'Donnell or
Choynski, would threaten to take an ap
peal from the chair. At last a rollcall
was secured and • Choynski's motion was
laid on the table by a vote of 216% to
122H- Joseph - Cummlngs then moved the
previous question.
MOTION FOR A BECESS.
Robert Boyd was recognized by the
chairman and he/ took occasion to speak
in favor of the report. He denounced the
efforts of Messrs. Cook and Choynski to
belittle the majority. He favored the
adoption of the ' amendment. John H.
Mullln of the Thirty-sixth Assembly Dis
trict was heard from at this Juncture.
He started to say unkind things I about
Mr. Boyd, but was stopped by a point of
order made by Eustace Culllnan. He
then talked to the amendment before the
house.
In part he spoke as follows:
labors to ripen into some good fruit, into some
Democratic victory, you must give us a Demo
cratic platform, you must steer by Democratic
principles. You cannot expect the Democrats
of those districts that I have named to stand by
your ticket unless you show them that you are
a ' Democratic convention, that this is not a
Scotch highball, but a meeting of Democrats for
the purpose of showing that there are Demo
crats in San Francisco interested In Democratic
success. The Democrats with whom I am ac
quainted in the city and county of San Fran
cisco, and I am proud to say that I was rocked
in the Democratic cradle, nursed in the Demo
cratic lap, educated In a Democratic school
and have been in every Democratic convention
— will not permit one man, even though he be
divided Into 204 parts, to control the- destiny
of the Democratic party. Gentlemen, you
must support that amendment or you will find
that tha Democratic party Is further away
from the grand results we hope to achieve that
it ever yet has been.
Sir Joseph S. Clydesdale of Toronto
Canada, who has been visitinsr San Fran
cisco for a week past, left for Portland
last niffht after seeing started for hia
home a carload of "Mission" furniture
designed and made for Sir Joseph by the
Pattocien Co. The car consists of com
plete dining-room and library suits, with
many odd mission pieces.
Sir Joseph paid a local Industry a high
Compliment when he said the larg-e furni
ture factories of the East could not sup
ply his particular wants.
Mission Furniture for Canada.
Camera Club to Entertain.
The California Camera Club will crfv«
an entertainment next Friday evening at
the clubrooma in the Academy of Sciences
building, when a varied . pro^S"
music and recitations will be presented
The committee of the club also announces
that during next month an exhibition of
prints from negatives taken by J. n t*
Conte cf the State University will be
held. The prints will principally illus
trate the high Sierra Mountains
NEED FOB THE TICKET.
A« long .as the present conditions exist It win
be necessary for the wa« earners to have r^n
resentativrs ia office. It depends on you ?£
on November 4 next, whether our Jcl 9
Mrain heralded, not of the election o ™*l „!
two mt n on our ticket but of the entire tl^lceT
I have no doubt but that our entire tlTif^
T', U he Sl* ct * 1 and Fan Francisco will hav. i
fair and honest government. *
Keep up your enthusiasm and roll ud tun* .
majority that the Labor partv {n«*ad
ing a third party, will be looked™?*! £ {£
Brand Darty of all. v 9 ** tne
Powell Fredrick, nominee for the of
fice of County Clerk, was called tw«rl
the convention and he thanked the dele!
Shekel S ECleCtCd hlm t0 W^»
The convention then adjourned to meet
t *..? iL. e i as vl sorous a campaign as
I <2id before and feel certain that I will have
the "Wfort of the people. They now under
™r"k«Mr r UC £ et i8 , nom 'nated by earnest
¦workers and not by politicians and that the
*W earner* are determined to rive San Fran
cisco a model administration and to make it &
xnocel city.
I have no fear of the result of the election,
for I have every faith In the wage liirne™
%% hen the army of wace earners marges 7o
the polls the result cannot be doubted for an
instant. This la the time when the wace
earners mun have representation.. ¦ On one
ride the Democratic party is controlled by the
worst enemy of the wage earner* aid on the
Republican eide it Is controlled by a clique of
boest-s who put up men to suit themselves and
no £«£°J iult **°» le of San Francisco
Efforts are belntr made to down the wajra
earners and to stir up discontent between em
ployers and employe. 1 hope we may
«* the wape earners arrayed against eanital
h^d d ?n n £nT nt lh * : ™ »«^£S t C o aP waVk
PEOPLE UNDERSTAND.
I have jKersonaily known for some years your
nomine* iur tte ofhee of Tax Collector, ami
your choice is a g<xA one. He is devoted to
the cause of the wage earner and his counsel
is always of the very best. He will keep pace
with the ticket and 1 feel sure that he will
run ahead of it. The people of San Francieco
¦w-tre somewhat skeptical two years ago as to
the result that ralsrht lollow If labor men were
plactd In oMce. It was paid on all sides that
if a labor Mayor was elected for San Francisco
that the city would be ridiculed and that two
years of trouble would follow. It was predicted
that there would be a clach between the em
ployer and the employe.
I>oolc at tee record of the past two years
e can with pride ask the people of San Fran
cisco to eupt.ort our ticket solely on our record
and show that we can do still better We
practically know now who my opponents will
be on the Democratic and Republican tickets
It will be a three-cornered fight, and I am
proud to be able to a*rain ro before the people
of San Francisco as the representative of the
wage earners of this city.
This Is the xtcond time that I have had the
honor of 1 ¦ :•.>-• selected by you <ls your leader.
I desire to congratulate you on your work to
night and also en the nominations you have so
far made. Your choice of men is a wise one
and will afid strength to our cause. I feel eure
that when the ticket is completed that the peo
ple of San Krancisco will gi\e it their hearty
tupport at the Dolls.
Mayor Schmitz ¦was then called upon
for a speech and he received a warm wel
come at the hands of his supporters.
In part he said:
JIAYOB ECHMITZ SPEAKS.
Nominations for Supervisors were then
called for and the following names were
presented:
Washington Kugler, president of the
Bar Tenders' Union.
John Rutherford, steel forger.
Tim Nihan, Riggers' and Stevedores'
Union.
John R. Nichols, Laundry Wagon
Drivers' Union.
C. F. BuckleJ-; Carpenters' Union.
A motion "tvas carried providing that
when the balance of the nominations for
Supervisors are made, all the nominees
will be passed upon by the entire delega
tion under the Australian ballot system.
Highu-en of the names proposed for Su
pervisors will tfius be selected and placed
upon the party's ticket to go before the
voters for election. * '
For the office of Tax Collector Miles L.
.Farland was the only name proposed and
his nomination was made unanimous.
Farland, who is an ex-president of the
Typographical Union, was nominated by
O. G. Vickerson of the Waiters' Union
and seconded by J. X. Copus.
In addressing the convention, Farland
said that it was the first time that he had
ever appeared before a political body
and he appreciated the honor accorded
him by the convention. He felt that it
was an honor to go on a ticket headed by
Mayor Schmitz and if elected to office he
would devote all his energies to the wel
fare of the people aud for the public
good.
The only name presented for the office
was that of Frank Conklin, who Is en
gaged In the carpet cleaning business. He
was placed in nomination by E. J. Kervin
of the Carmtn's Union and seconded by
Harry A Knox of the same organization.
The nomination of Conklin was made
unanimous. The nominee was called to
the piatferm and he made a brief speech
In which he thanked the convention for
the honor and pledgel himself to support
the platform of the Union Labor party.
PLACED IN NOMINATION.
The dclepates were late in arriving at
the hail and many of the delegations were
Fhort of their quota. Chairman J. C.
Williams. In opening the convention, an
nounced that nominations for the office of
Auditor would be the first matter taken
up.
Hall and placed in nomination for
the party's ticket their choico for
the offices of Tax Collector and Auditor
and for Supervisors.
THE delegates of the convention of
the Union Labor party resumed
tholr duties last evening at Pioneer
Final Nominations
Will Be Made
Saturday.
Seven Candidates
Named by Union
Delegates.
SELECTED
AS CHOICE
OF LABOR
Continued on Page 5, Column 1.
I say that for the governing body of the
Democratic party each delegation should select
its own members of the county cjmmittee.
(Applause.) Without any disrespect to Mr.
Hlckey as chairman — it would be immaterial
who might be chairman — what doss he know
about the particular needs of any one district
in the selection of county commltteemen at
large?. Does he know what we want in the
Thirty-fifth? Does he know what we want
in the Twenty-ninth? He knows what the
advisory committee of the organization wants,
what th* advisory committee, which ia com
posed of defeated candidates, wants. (Ap
plause.) He Is acting at the suggestion and
behest of a county committee which comes
here and Is ruled by men who went before the
voters In their respective districts wishing to
be delegates to this convention and were
CRITICIZES HICKEY.
On behalf of 40 per cent of the delegates
of this convention and 60 per cent of the
Democratic voters of this city and county I
now offer an amendment. This report places
in the bands of the chalrtnan of this-conven
tion the appointment of forty for the county
committee at large and only four to each dis
trict, giving him the same power that the
present county committee has; that is. In
any one district he can fill up by appointment
to overcome the selections of that district;
he can fill up In that district, if be wishes
to control, by appointing at large a sufficient
number and apportioning them to that particu
lar district.
Cook took the platform and his speech
against the adoption of the report was in
terrupted with applause and hoots. He
was fearless In his remarks, and although
he knew the votes were against his side,
he appealed to the delegates to strike out
the troublesome section. He spoke in
part as follows:
That the chairman appoint a committee of
five to act as the committee required by the
purity of elections law.
That no changes of votes be permitted dur
ing roll call.
That each candidate on being placed in nomi
nation pay to the secretary the sum of $10.
Respectfully submitted,
EUGENE F. LACT (Chairman),
L.. J. DOLAN.
THOMAS J. KENNEDY.
SYDNEY M. VAN WYCK JR.,
DANIEL SHEA,
THOMAS F. GAVAN, , '.; .
F. G. DRURY.
Fifteenth — Election of County Committee.
Resolved. That the Democratic City and
County Committee consist of one hundred and
twelve members, four to be chosen by the dele
gation from each Assembly district and forty
appointed at large by the chairman of this
convention, said committee to hold office for
the term of two years.
That all resolutions Introduced b« referred
without debate to the committee on platform
and resolutions.
That the chairman appoint a committee of
five on vacancies.
Fourteenth — Two Police Judges.
Tou know that the foundation stone of De
mocracy, the stone upon which that grand old
structure has been reared and upon which it
has .been maintained for the past century is
equal representation. I ask you if there is
any equality in the proposition presented by
the committee on order of business. I ask you
if the Democrats of the Thirty-sixth, Thirty
seventh, Thirty-eighth, Thirty-ninth. Fortieth
Forty-first, Forty-second' and Forty-third As
sembly Districts of this city will have any
representatives In that governing body if this
original motion shall prevail or the amend
ment shall not be carried. They will not be
heard in the councils of the party. I tell you
gentlemen, that you cannot dress the Demo
cratic party in kilts and have | It expose Its
bare legs to the ridicule of the people of San
Francisco. (Laughter and applause.) I tell
you that the people of my district will not
stand for any counterfeit Democracy. In the
chart of Democracy there is but one point of
the compass, and that point Is principle and
you must steer close to that principle- you
must give us representation; you must give us
equality. If this amendment shall not prevail
the Democratic party will be taken up and im
pounded as an estray. I cannot go back to
the Democrats In my district and say to them
that theyare denied representation in the coun
cils of the party. I say to you. gentlemen, who
are engaged in this work of putting up a Dem
ocratic ticket for the consideration of the voters
of this city that if you want the result c£ -vur
DEMOCRACY'S FOUNDATION.
I suppose it will be useless for me prelimi
narily to tell you on which side of this question
I stand. I stand for the Democratic principle
that is represented by the amendment. For
the first time in my experience in Democratic
politics a minority of this convention Is repre
rented by compact district representatives
those who are here to speak for the Democrats
of the districts they represent.
Colonel Herbert Choynski seconded the
amendment and then . took the platform
and delivered a warm speech in favor of
the amendment and against the adoption
of the original report. In part he spoke
as follows:
cause of the manner in which It has been
conducted. I want to see a unification of this
party; I want to see a foundation laid for the
future. The people I am talking for are not
seeking for the positions or the Jobs. We are
fighting for a principle, so that we' may elect
a Democratic President of the United States.
That is a matter of national Importance. We
want to have from California a solid Demo
cratic delegation to the next National Demo
cratic Convention.
I move as an amendment to the report that
in the place and stead of the resolution drawn
and reported by- your committee the following
be Incorporated as an amendment: That the
new county committee, or sroverning body of
the Democratic party, be selected to consist
of 108 members, six from each Assembly dis
trict, to be chosen by the delegations to this
convention from each respective district, such
county commltteemen so selected to serve for
the ensuing two years until the next Demo
cratic Convention.
I believe that we are here to-night, \ not to
follow the dictates of Republican conventions,
or any Republican principles, but to have pure
and simple the doctrine of the Democratic
principle of representation from each particular
district, selected by each district, carried out.
I have also, with others, been styled In Jest
as belonging to the horse and cart brigade.
There Is one difference between -a horse and
one man who is trying to control the destlniea
of this convention, and that is a horse has no
gall bladder. (Laughter and applause.) .
I tell * you, this thing should be taken se
riously by you, and you should not allow
yourselves to be deceived on a proposition of
this kind. You should, assert your rights,
each and every one. of you; no matter from
what district you come, and demand that the
county committee be selected in a manner to
conform with the principles which ' the Demo
crats have always followed. I know of men
who are now affiliating with' the Republicans
who were -formerly stanch •¦ Democrats, but
have been driven away from our party be-
beaten. I say that after they have been
beaten are you going to lodge in their hands
the power to overcome the vote as cast by
the Democrats in the respective districts?
Are you going to allow, where there are eight
districts known to have been carried in op
position to the organization of the present
county committee, where more than 50 per
cent of the Democratic voters, of this city and
county have had tickets in the field and have
succeeded in electing in eight districts dale
gates to this convention, are you going to
allow the chairman, -for example, In the dis
trict I come from to select somebody to over
come the four that might be selected by us,
so that he can control that district? I say
that as we are Democrats, let us " stand by
Democratic principles. Let us have a rep
resentation from each one of the delegations.
I say a fair and Democratic way for the selec
tion of a county committee Is to have a com
mittee of 108 men, six from each Assembly
District, and let the delegates select them.
(Applause.) By doing so you have representa
tion, you have selected froni among? yourselves
men •whom you know, whom you can trust and
who can represent the Interests that you have
in your particular district, not men who know
nothing about your needs, who come in as
carpet-baggers. We don't want any carpet
baggers on the county committee. We want
every man on that committee to be able to
ppeak on behalf of the district that, he repre
sents, and we do not want Mr. Hlckey or any
other map as chairman to select t*em.
I have been charged with showing disre
spect to a gentleman who attempted to call
this convention to order. I have respect for
gray hairs, much more respect than those that
are nourished with Irish whisky and Scotch
whisky with a little dash of orange bitters in
it. (Applause, laughter and general uproar.)
I say, further, that It has been the policy of
some of the advisers of this so-called organi
zation of these defeated candidates to style me
ae an insurrecto. Well, I am an lnsurrecto
if to believe in Democratic principles is to
foist an insurrection upon this convention. :
BELIEVES IN INDEPENDENCE.
Second — Board of Supervisors.
Third — Assessor.
Fourth— District Attorney.
Fifth — Coroner.
Sixth — Recorder.
Seventh — Public Administrator.
Eighth — City and County Attorney.
Ninth — Sheriff.
Tenth — County Clerk.
Eleventh — Treasurer.
Twelfth— Auditor.
Thirteenth— Tax Collector.
JOSEPH E. O'DONNELL, Chairman.
EL'GENED. SULLIVAN.
THOMAS E. CURRAN.
• ALBERT P. WHEELAN.
Eugene F. Lacy, chairman of the com
mittee on order of business, submitted his
report and the evening's entertainment
commenced. William Hoff Cook, one of
the leaders of the "Horse and Carts,"
was the first speaker to attack the sec
tion of the report that stated how the
new County Committee ehould be ap
pointed.
-The report as submitted by Mr. Lacy
was as follows:
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
To the Chairman and Member* of the Demo
cratic Local Convention: Tour committee on
order of business respectfully reports the fol
lowing order of business:
Nominations of candidates for:
First — Mayor.
Prominent Speakers Give Utterances
to Their Opinions.
It "was 9 o'clock when Chairman Thomas
W. Hlckey called the convention to order.
He -was greeted -with cries from all parts
of the theater. "How about the switch.
Tommy," he was asked, but his only an
swer was to pound heavily on the sheet
of Iron with a heavy hammer. At the
outset of the evening Hlckey announced
the appointment of the following ser
geants at arms: John Kane, J. H. Ken
nedy, John Considlne, John B. Ford, Wil
liam Rledy, Joseph Tracey, Thomas Stan
ton and James L. Crooks.
The first order of business was the re
ception of the report of the committee on
contests. Joseph E. O'Donnelll, chair
man of the committee, took the platform
and read the following report, which was
adopted:
aJ5? £? ,? em ,??r&Uc Municipal Convention in
and for th« City and County of San Fran-
Cisco state of Calif omla-G^ntlemenT Yo^r
committee on contest* makes the following
2PE iW^V? 0 , 11 the two conte3ts submi *
tea to it for decision:
In the matter of the contest of Eugene B
SZS^SS! 1 °' C ° nnOr -
Alter a careful canvass of the votes of the
ninety-fifth consolidated primary election pre
cinct, your committee flnda that Eugene D
Regan is entitled to be seated as a delegate
to the Democratic Municipal Convention from
the Forty-third Assembly District In the place
and stead of Joseph T. O'Connor.
In the matter of the contest in the Forty
fifth Assembly District:
• After a careful canvass of the entire re
turns of the Forty-fifth Assembly District your
committee finds that the following seventeen
delegate* are entitled to be seated as delegates
to th« Democratic Municipal Convention from
the Forty-fifth Assembly District to wit •
Joseph L. Valente, Walter J. de Martini.Thomaa
Foley, David Capurro, Gustave A. Trost P
Paul Vlautln, Giovanni Baclgalupi Mario
Forno. Daniel Sullivan. Michael T Rcilly
Henry Leo Glmmel. Frederick O. Robinson.
William G. Antonovlch, Fred C. Boden,
Thomas W. Davits. John H. Ttacy and Harry
C. Simi.
Your committee unanimously recommends
that their findings be adopted as above set
forth. Respectfully submitted.
COJOnTTEES BEAD REPORTS.
seek or desire it. I have not asked a member of your convention nor any one outside' thereof to aid
or further my nomination in the slightest. I have persistently arid consistently for months past refused to
say whether I would accept such nomination if it were tendered me. I would be personally grateful if you
were to unite upon some one other than myself, and I would support him with the same energy that I would
put into a personal canvass. If, however, it is your wish that I should lead you in this fight the only condi
tions that would tempt me to compliance are these:
(1) That the nomination shall come as the demand of a united party. I have never been a man of
faction and I am not willing to accept the leadership of any less than my whole party. I would go into this
fight, if at all, for no personal reasons, but out of a high sense of duty to my party and a still higher sense
of the obligation 1 am under to the people of this city who have so signally honored me at other times and
who have the right to call upon me for any service I can render. If we are to make this fight for better gov
ernment it must be made as a unit. I do not believe myself to be the one and only member of our party who
can make such a battle, but if others cannot be secured to lead you I will. If, however, you are not united I
beg that you find some one other than myself upon whom you can unite. This fight means more to the city
than the success of any man or of any faction or of any party.
(2) That eighteen men shall be named for Supervisors whose personal integrity and loyalty to the
city cannot be questioned.
(3) That if nominated for Mayor it is to be expressly understood that I shall make no promises of
patronage during the campaign. The prime test of a Mayor is the character of his appointees, and I must be
free in the event of election to make such appointments, within my party and the law, as commend them
selves by their superior fitness. Respectfully, . FRANKLIN K. LANE.
TO the Members of the Democratic Municipal Convention — Gentlemen: As I presume you will this
evening proceed to the nomination of a ticket I desire to say a few frank and direct words concerning
my position as to the nomination for Mayor. I have not sought that nomination and I do not now
LANE REFUSES TO LEAD DIVIDED PARTY.
NOMINEE OP THE DEMOCRATIC MUNICIPAL. CONVENTION TOR MAYOR AND SOME OF THE DELEGATES
WHO WERE MORE OR LESS IN EVIDENCE, SKETCHED BY A CALL ARTIST WHILE DOING THEIR
STUNTS AT LAST NIGHT'S SESSION OF THE BOURBONS. ¦ , ' ' \
Lane was nominated for Mayor,
but the nomination vat not hailed with
any special demonstration of enthusiasm.
In fact, no motion was made to declare
the choice unanimous. There were two
candidates for the favor of the delegates.
Franklin K. Lane received 223% and
David I. Mabony 114% votes.
The adoption of the report giving the
chairman power to name forty members
at large of the new County Committee
was a signal triumph, for Gavin McNab.
The adroit leader of the Democratic
forces has eecured control of the works
for the great campaign of 1904. Another
triumph of the McNab forces was . the
adoption of the plank in the platform
which forbids any nominee of the conven
tion from accepting the nomination or go
ing on the ticket of any other political
party.
The so-called "Horse and Cart" dele
gates acted last night in a style that did
not reflect credit on their intelligence or
sense of propriety.
Chairman Hlckey seemed to be ani
mated by a desire to give the minority
fair play, but his efforts toward concil
iation were not appreciated. There are
indications that several district delega
tions are ready to bolt.
There was considerable talk last night,
after the adjournment of the convention
to the effect that Mr. Lane could not, un
der the present circumstances, accept the'
party leadership in this campaign.
ANOTHER disorderly session of the
Democratic municipal convention
was held last evening. Franklin K.
Dilatory Tactics Are
Employed by the
Minority.
"Horses and Carts"
Have a Merry
Seance.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1903.
4
JNO. J. ITJLTOH CO.
Bright's Disease and
Diabetes News.
W. Cottam. Whateom. Wash.: "Am
using your Bright's Disease Comp with
marked benefit. Please give address of
your agent In England. I want to send
It to friends there."
The news that Bright* 3 Disease and Dia-
betes are now curable by the Fulton Com-
pound is now known from Main© to Cali-
fornia. The Renal Compound for Briirht's
Disease. $1.00; for Diabetes, $1.50. Jno J
Fulton Co., 400 Washington street. Sari
Francisco, Bole compounded. Send for
literature and addresses of 500 aaents.
M. R. McCommon, West Grove, Pa.:
"I learn your Compound Is being success-
fully used here. Please send literature.
I want to know all about It."
Rhode Island Drug Co., Providence, R.
I.: "Send us more pamphlets. We have
not aa yet known of any one taking It
who has reported a failure."
Mrs. A. Kinslow, Joplln, Mo.: "My son
has bpen on your Compound 4 weeks to-
day. Has gained 5 pounds. I believe ha
is going to pull through."
The Rev. M. M. Brown. Steubenville,
O. : "I dropped . from 192 to 160 pounds.
Commenced on the Compound July 12.
Have taken eight bottles and have gained
20 pounds."
Fred N. Lathrop, "Worcester, Til.: "When
I wrote you before I had just finished
my third bottle and was disappointed.
But I am now on my sixth. My appe-
tite has returned and I can see great im-
provement. I had lost 90 pounds and
every one gave me up. I have* gained 3
pounds In the last two weeks. Trusting
others are getting a3 good results, etc."
"W. C. Miller, Chelan, Washi: "No agent
nearer than 230 miles. Can't you make
one here? I know if I don"t have it that
my life will be cut off suddenly, for with-
out It I am barely able to be about the
house. Can't work at all. But after I
have taken It a while I can do some work
and ride about."
San Francfsco, September 21, 1903.
FULLY a dozen States last week re-
ported progress in • cases. Here are
some, of them:Continued From Pag-e 4, Column 6.
I"ORT AU PRINCE, Hayti. Sept. 22.— Pierre
Sereque. who tv*s candidate for the Presidency
of Hayti in opposition to President Nord, and
who ha« been banished, has left here for New
York on the German eteamer Prlnz Maurlts.
James Erwin, the indicted postal in
spector, will be arraigned next Friday
before United States Commissioner Hea-
D. S. Richardson, superintendent of the
San Francisco Postofflce, whose evidence,
given in Washington, D. C, In connection
with the Postal Device and Improve
ment Company, led to the Indictment of
Postal Inspector James Erwln, is not
likely to return to San Francisco for
some time.
It can be stated on positive information
that Richardson has been directed by the
postofllce department to remain in the
Kastointil after the cases of Beavers and
Machen, indicted with Erwin, have been
set for trial.
The cases of Beavers and Machen are
on the Federal court calendar in New
York City for October 11th and Richard
son's return to San Francisco Is contin
gent upon the disposition made next
month of the Beavers and Machen cases,
in which Richardson is to be called as
a witness for the Government.
Naph. C. Grcensfelder, chairman of the
coun<U of fifty of the Civic Federation,
presided. Nearly everybody present took
a. hand in the proceedings, and all had
more or Icfs to say on the (subject.
Mrs. George Law Smith of the Cali
fornia Club was very earnest in her re
marks. She was greatly fn favor of the
passage of the proiwsed bond Issue. She
stated that Khe had made a canvass
axnong her friends and was much sur
prised at the result of her interviews.
Two of the centlemen «he called on.
who both had large and valuable lnter-
A meeting of the Civic Federation
executive council was held last night In
room 11 in the Flood building.
The main object of the session was to
try and outline definite plans of campaign
for the purpose of carrying to a success
ful termination the entire proposed bond
Usue. which is to be voted on at the
t k-ction on September 29.
D. S. Richardson Will
Give Evidence in
Postal Frauds.
Civic Federation Council
Holds Enthusiastic
Meeting.
GIVEN ORDERS
TO REMAIN EAST
Meetings will be held under the auspices
of the Civic' Federation Association as
follows: To-night at Mission Turn
Vereln Hall on Eighteenth and Valencia
streets. To-morrow night there will be
two meetings, one at Washington Square
Hall and one at the Turk-street Temple.
Friday the meeting will convene at the
headquarters of the Civic Federation at
313 Hearst building and Saturday night
at Lyric Hall, 131 Eddy street
Mre. von <5er llehden, Mrs. 'Woerner and
Mrs. Worth of the California Pioneer Women's
Club. Mrs. George Law Smith of the California
Club. Miss Hlttell of the Telegraph Hill Club,
A. L. Mann and J. C. O f Connor of Public Li
brary Truat Club. H. U. Brandensteln of West
ern Addition Club. P. H. McCarthy ol the
Building Trades Council. Charles Alpers of
Hayes Valley Club. C. II. Richardson of the
Onward Club. C. J. Haars of the Good Gov
ernment Club, N\ SchlessinRer of the Munici
pal Prepress Club. L. A. Rea of the North
IJe&ch Progress Club. George Renner of the
IJraymr-n'B Association. J. C Campbell of the
Ocean Side Club. L.. II. King of the Merchants'
Association. C. F. Jones, secretary of the Civic
Federation, and A. F. Haraszthy and J. F.
Krcgh of the Municipal League.
ests in the city, informed her that they
would not vote upon the bond Issue ques
tion for the reason that they were not
registered. She then turned her attention
to the different tradespeople with whom
she dealt, and the butcher, the grocery
man and garbage man all assured her
that they were not only registered, but
that they would vote for the proposed
bond Issue intact. She said all the women
connected with the club she represented
were working hard for the success of the
issue in question. Among those present
were:
A sas ransa brings comfort and rood
cheer to every home. Try one from 8. F.
Gas and Electric Co. •
DENVER, Sept. 22.— The charter for the
city and county of Denver, which was
framed by the recent convention under
the constitutional amendment creating
the new municipality, was submitted to
a vote of the electors to-day. It was de
feated by 5000 votes.
Tenver Votes Against Charter.
two years, pointed oat that sugar is ths
only product of the soil which Is largely
used that makes the United States debtor
to foreign lands for supply. The aim of
this country should be to become a sugar
exporting instead of importing country.
He believes this will become possible by
fostering both cane and beet sugar grow
ing. At the present time the United
States uses 2,273,748 long tons of sugar
yearly, of which but 500,000 tons are pro
duced at home, 300,000 tons of cane, 195.000
tons of beet and 5000 tons of maple sugar.
By careful legislation the United States
can within a few years make up the bis
sugar deficiency and become self-support
ing he said.
In the general discussion which followed
the reading of the paper all the delegates
agreed that the United Statea will ulti
mately produce all the sugar it uses.
respondent, was coupled with a gentle
recommendation to observe caution. At
the same time Count Goluchowski, the
Austro-Hungarian Foreign Minister, ex
pressed the opinion that the slaughter of
2000 Macedonian peasants docs not war
rant complaints of the extermination of
the Bulgarian race in Macedonia.
The condition of the 10,000 refugees at
Burgas, mostly old men, women and chil
dren, Is deplorable. All, are absolutely
destitute and famishing.
SHOWS SIGNS OF YIEUDING.
Turkey Seems Disposed to Avert War
"With Bulgaria.
LONDON, Sept. 23.-The Balkan situa
tion to-day presents a somewhat puzzling
aspect. Turkey is showing signs of yield
ing to the Bulgarian demands, and it is
evident from the dally meeting of the
Council of Ministers In the Yildlz Kiosk
that some sort of negotiations are In
progress, with the object of avoiding war.
According to a dispatch to the Daily
Mail from Constantinople, these counsels
concern two possibilities— either to make
an arrangement satisfactory to the Mace
donians or to obtain from the great pow
ers promises of neutrality if it be found
impossible to avoid a war.
Apparently both Turkey and B'ulgaria
are anxious to repudiate having taken
the initiative In the negotiations.
The Sofia correspondent of the Dally
Telegraph asserts that overtures came
from Turkey and were welcomed by the
Bulgarian Minister, on the condition that
deeds were substituted for words and that
the cessation of wholesale massacres be
come an accomplished fact. The cor
respondent adds that a pacific solution,
if it comes, will emanate from Constant!,
nople, where the Bulgarian representative
is invested with full powers, and the ne
gotiations are said to be proceeding satis
factorily.
The same correspondent says that In
the meantime devastations by fire and
sword continue and the Bulgarian Gov
ernment has received from trustworthy
sources a grewsome tale of massacre,
tortures, Indignities and burnings, In
many Instances the victims being slowly
roasted alive. .
The assertion Is made In another Sofia
telegram that the Sultan will Issue an
lrade on Thursday granting the demand
for a mixed commission, but this state
ment Is not- confirmed and would seem
to be negatived by the dispatches from
Constantinople.
A Monastlr correspondent of the Dally
Chronicle, writing on September 15, says
the Bulgarian list of villages pillaged and
burned reaches a total of 104.
According to "a dispatch from Odessa,
the whole Russian Black Sea fleet is kept
on a war footing in readiness for any
eventuality.
cock and the accused man and his at
torney, Samuel Knight, have hoped to be
able to secure the presence in court of
Richardson,, but in this they will be dis
appointed.
After the indictment of Erwln, Beavers
and Machen in Washington, D. C, was
announced, the statement was also made
that Richardson was on his way to the
Pacific Coast, and his arrival was eagerly
awaited, for many reasons. Richardson's
friends have claimed that he was In the
State of Washington and would arrive
In San Francisco at any time, but as the
days passed and Richardson did not ap
pear, his continued absence caused con
siderable comment.
Richardson was the leading: spirit of the
company that' sold its patented mail col
lection boxes to the Government and the
fact that his name appears as a witness
in the proceedings that led to the Indict
ment of Erwln and others, coupled with
the latest information that he will appear
at the trial of Beavers and Machen, is
looked upon as proof that in order to save
himself he has consented to tell air he
knows In connection with the frauds on
the Government.
Calvary Reserve Corps.
The Calvary Reserve Corps of th» Cal
vary Presbyterian Church, Jackson and
FAVOR PASSAGE
OF BOND ISSUE
¦Whereas. Such participation in primary poli
tico has been witnessed In Ean FVancUco in
the lset two years; now therefore be It
Whereas, Active participation in primary
politics by city officials under the Jurisdiction
cf the Civil Pen-ice Commissioners will inevita
bly lead to the <;einorallz«ti9n of the service;
and
DISRUPTION THREATENED.
Frank G. Drury of the Thirty-seventh
Assembly District offered as an amend
ment that the section of the platform,
which prevented candidates from receiv
ing indorsement at the hands of other
conventions be Ftrlcken out. This amend
ment was lost by a vote of 154 to 184^2.
Many of the delegates refused to vote.
G'Dormell then offered the following ad
ditions to the platform as an amendment,
but they wore referred to the committee
OB platform, despite his earnest objec
tion:
Tfc« administration, of the civil sen-ice re
form law of the charter has been a farca. The
rrarkines of favorite* have been raised. Many
deputies who ehuuld hold their places under
the civil •ervlce law have never be*n exam
ined, but tbelr positions are distributed ua
patrona-jre by the various city officials. The
civil eervle* law must b« administered hon
e«tly and fairly, or else it will be a monu
mental failure. It 1ie> not been administered
fairly or honestly, ajid we demand that It be
¦.dminlstered In the cnlrit and letter of the
law-, or tha.t the civil service law b* repealed.
Th<? criticisms on Schmitz were receiv
ed with hoots and hlssee by friends of
the Mayor in the house. Cannon moved
to have the report adopted, but met with
renewed opposition. William Hoff Cook
a5ked to be enlightened on one part of
the platform, which, he said, was un
gramrcatlcal. Chairman Hickey hotly
said he would not allow the members of
the committee to be Insulted and over
looked Co"k. Joseph Cummings lost his
temper and eald he was tired of all thU
drlay. He immediately moved the pre
vious question to phut off debate. He was
met with a howl of derision.
said fome Fharp things about the em
ployment cf dilatory tactics. He was
promptly taken to task by Joseph E.
p'Domitll. who wanted to know by what
right the chairman had to make a. speech
)¦ -unifying the sentiments of any mem-
Ltr of the convention. Car.non then se
c:rtd an opening and the secretary read
;he platform in a loud voice.
L-ader» such as h« are few. I know that
he does not court a. nomination in this con
vention. I know that his wish Is to retire
from the turmoil cf politics and the cares of
office to the quietude of private, life. I know
that If you nominate him you will compel him
to sacrifice his own desires and change the
Nominations for Mayor were then de
clared In order. Chairman Hlckey read
a letter from Franklin K. Lane, Jn which
he told upon what grounds he would ac
cept the nomination. Eustlce Culllnan was
recognized and he made a splendid speech
In behalf of Franklin K. Lane. In part
he spoke as follows:
BEADS LANE'S LETTER.
Resolved. That we pledge our candidates for
Mayor and Supervisors to provide such rules
and reeulatljna a* will compel the employes
cf the city under civil service regulation to
abstain from offensive partisanship and attend
Ptrictly to their political duties as defined In
the charter of the city and county.
Whereas. The eo-called charter administra
tion wa« Inaugurated under the pledge to run
the city government within the $1 limit upon
the aysffsed valuation of $350,000,000; and
Whereas. Under the present assessed valua
tion of $42T).C0O.O0O. gtvinc an additional an
nual revenue of $725,000 a year there has
been little money set aside for the purpose
of Improvements, but on the contrary addi
tional places for tax-esters have been made,
and salaries raised at the expense of moneys
which Fhouid have been levied for public
improvements, therefore be it
Resolved. That we denounce the course of
those public officials who have made It Im
j>ossible to set aside a substantial sura of
cauEe of their extravagant administrations and
the raising of salaries of their officials; and
we pledge the candidates nominated by the
Democratic convention to inaugurate a reform
by which high price salaries shall be lowered
and a substantial ?v»n o f net l»ss than $100,000
annually be set aside for public Improvements
In the city and county of San Francisco.
We denounce the actions of the Board of
Public Works and the Board of Health by
which the salaries cf favorite officials hav«
been Increased at the expense of taxes levied
by the Supervisors for public improvements.
The course of administration under the new
charter has resulted In a costly and extrava
gant government, largely caused by multiplica
tion of officials and the raising of salaries
Therefore the candidates for Mayor and Pu-
P*rvison» nominated by the Democratic party
«re hereby pledged to submit to the people of
San Francifco. an amendment to the
charter whereby It shall be pro
vided that out of every dollar of tax
ation levied for the expense of the municipal
administration 10 cents »hall be set aside for a
permanent annual fund- for public Improve.,
merits, which *hall not be devoted to the
salaries, nor to repairs of any kind, but shall
Xse devoted strictly to new construction or the
acquisition of new public Improvements for
the citv and county of San Francisco.
It gives ma great pleasure to second the
nomination of David 1. Mahoney. He is the
most available candidate in the Democratic
party. Two years ago, by a political accident,
the present Mayor. Eugene E. Schmitz,
was elected. Since his election he
has made a wonderful exhibition of
himself as a political gymnast. At
the I'nton League Club banquet tendered to
President Roosevelt he announced that he was
a Republican. Some months later he Journeyed
to New York and Rtnmped the State for a
Democratic candidate for Congress. This In
Itself was a marvelous performance. He now
stands under the shadow of a Republican
•Ttuef" and yet asks the support of the labor
people of this city and county. It seems that
our musical Mayor has been inharmonious.
The vote resulted as follows: Lane 223*£
Mahoney 114%.
No one moved to make Lane's nomina
tion unanimous. The delegates hurriedly
adjourned until next Thursday night
They will then meet in Union Square Hall
Frank G. Drury followed and nominated
David I. Mahoney. He praised his candi
date and told what a good citizen he had
been. He told of the splendid services
he had rendered to his party and what a
fit candidate he was for Mayor. Louis
Hirsch of the Forty-second District fol
lowed with a clever seconding speech. He
took occasion to criticize Mayor Schmitz
and gained a few laughs by his sallies.
He also praised Mahoney.
In part Hirsch spoke as follows:
I believe that every man In San Francisco
that voted for him a year ago will vote for
him again; and feeling; that the Integrity of
the charter and the future of the city hanu
on the election of the candidate nominated by
this convention. I give you the name of
Franklin K. I^ane. (Applause.)
plans that he haa made for his career. But
I know also that the Democratic party needs
him for a leader at this crisis In the fight for
the city. I know that he is too loyal to the
Democratic party, too loyal to the city to
hold back now when we demand his help
and guidance in the fight. I know that a
year ago. wh«-n the prospects wre dark Indeed
for the Democratic party In this State and
¦when the people said on the street corners
that a man would be a fool to accept a nom
ination for the Governorship on the Demo
cratic ticket, that this" man plunged into the
fight, holding hlffh the banner of the party,
striving for all that Is clean and wholesome
In public life, facing and meetlnR fearful odds;
I know? that he made a campalxn which shook
the State and stirred men up as they had
not been stirred In years; I know that he re
ceived 3:5.OCO votes in the city of San Fran
cisco and probably a majority of the votes
oast, though not of the votes counted. In the
State of California; I know that when" the
Issue went against him and he came home
Ijfsitcn. he was a bigger man than he had
been before.
A serious clash between the Parks and
anti-Parks faction was narrowly averted
in the biiliard room of the Coates House,
Parks' headquarters, to-night. Delegate
Brophy, an anti-Parks man, was set upon
by a number of Parks' followers armed
with billiard cues and he was compelled
to hold his assailants at bay with a drawn
revolver until the police arrived. The
police department detailed a dozen of
ficers to preserve order at the hotel.
Kelly, who is one of the active oppo
nents of Sam Parks, the walking dele
gate, and John Henderson of St. Louis
were arrested last night. Both men are
delegates to the convention. They were
quarreling. Henderson, who is a- power
fully built man, struck Kelly and knocked
him down.
"I carried the revolver because I had
$187 In my pockets," explained Kelly. "I
had $187, for one reason, and for another
reason I was afraid of being slugged by
the Parks gang. I hacl.good reason to
fear that I would be assaulted."
"Are you In the habit of going armed
in N«w York?" the City Attorney in
quired.
;'No, not in New York."
"Don't you know that Kansas City i3
a law-abiding town?" asked Judge Brady.
"Yes, but I was afraid of being slug
ged."
"Henderson, you are discharged; Kelly,
$15 for you," announced the Judge, who
also directed the court sergeant to retain
Kelly's revolver until he was about to
return to New York.
A. \i. Simpson, another one of the dele
sates to the convention, was arrested last
night. The officer who made the arrest
said Sampson had trouble in a saloon
and was preparing to throw stones
through the saloon windows when the
officers appeared. Sampson was fined $3
in the police court. Kelly, the New York
delegate who was fined $16, paid Samp
son's fine.
1 KANSAS CITY, iio., Sept. 22.— The con
tentions between the rival factions in the
International Association of Bridge and
Iron Workers were given an airing In
the Police Court to-day when James Kelly
of New York was fined $15 for carrying a
revolver.
One Delegate Is Arrested and
Pined for Carrying a
Revolver.
Parks Controversy Gat
ting More Bitter at
Kansas City.
IRON WORKERS
COME TO BLOWS
Major Purse, who has been president of
the Savannah Boaxd of Trade for twenty-
NIAGARA FALLS, N. Y.. Sept. 22.—
The Farmers* National Congress assem
bled here to-day In twenty-third annual
session, being called to order by President
Flanders of Albany. Governor Odell de
livered the address of welcome.
Major D. G. Purse of Savannah, Ga.,
gave an address on "Sugar Supply of the
United States." The congress should op
pose a reciprocity treaty with Cuba, he
said, unless reciprocity treaties were made
with France and other, countries.
The German- American League held a
meeting last night at 421 Post street and
made final arrangements for a German
day,\ to be celebrated at Glen Park Sun
day, October 4. There will be a picnic
preceding the ceremonies. At 1 p. m. the
outdoor programme will be rendered, in
¦which several choruses, orchestras and
orators will participate. At 2 p. m. In
the pavilion the ceremonies will /com
mence with an overture, after which
Chairman Dr. Franz Kuckein will deliver
the opening address and Professsor
Ewald Fluegel of Leland Stanford Jr.
University will deliver, the oration of the
day. After. that there will be music of a
classic character and the programme will
close with a harmonic male chorus, under
the direction of J. R. Rleg&er.
German- American League.
Speaker at the Farmers'
Congress Opposes
Cuban Treaty.
Fillmore streets, held its monthly re
view on Van Ness avenue last evening,
Captain H. W. Hobson commanding. The
company from the First Congregational
Church of Oakland, under command of
Captain C. W, Stlllwell and Lieutenant
Alvin Powell, was present. A number
of the members of the Fruitvale com
pany joined In the drllK It is a rule of
the battalion that all members must be
over five feet five Inches in height and
all are required to appear for monthly
battalion drill and weekly company drill.'
SUGAR INDUSTRY
REQUIRES AID
.. ' . ... ,' . ¦ ' ¦ ¦¦'¦ ¦ - - . ' •¦": *
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 23. 1903.
We are unalterably opposed to the acceptance by any
nominee of this convention of any nomination or indorse
ment from any other convention; and we pledge all nom
inees of this convention not to accept any nomination or
indorsement from any other convention, or to permit their
names to be placed upon the official ballot as the nominee
cf any party other thun the Democratic party.
Wo favor an amendment to the charter limiting and
circumscribing the power of all boards to appoint officers,
agents; clerks, superintendents, inspectors, engineers, sur
veyors, deputies and architects and fix their compensation.
I'nder the present charter provisions such power is un
limited, and therefore liable to abuse. We favor such an
amendment as will make the creation of any such of
fices and positions subject to the approval of the Mayor
and Hoard of Supervisors.
We regard franchises as property and are therefore
opposed to the granting of any franchise by this city to
any individual or corporation, except upon such terms and
conditions as will secure to the city a proper remunera
tion therefor.
We favor the strict enforcement of the civil service
provisions of the charter.
Rates for water and artificial lights should not be
fixed at any higher figure than will give to the companies
furnishing water and lights a fair return on a reasonable
valuation cf their property actually in use.
We condemn the action of the State Board of Equal
ization in imposing an enormous additional burden of
taxation upon our citizens as an arbitrary, unjust and in
defensible discrimination against this citv.
schools, modern sewer system, public playgrounds. Mis
sion Park, Twin Peaks Park, Telegraph Hill Park, St.
Mary's Square, County Jail, repavingr accepted streets,
public library and extending Golden Gate Park to the
Presidio. And in the event that said propositions, or any
of them, shall receive the sanction of the electors at the
comirg bond elections, we pledge each and all of the
nominees of thi3 convention, and particularly those hav
ing such matters directly in charge, to promptly and
faithfully carry out the will of the people as expressed
at said elections; and we further pledge our said nominees
to cause to be issued no more bonds for such purposes than
are actually necessary to comply with the people's will,
without either parsimony or extravagance; and we fur
ther pledge our nominees to use due care, vigilance, cir
cumspection and economy in the expenditure of the
moneys derived from such bond issues.
We believe that with the present large and increasing
valuation of property in the city subject to taxation it
will be possible to set apart from the revenues of the
city, and within the dollar limit of taxation, a substantial
amount of money "for permanent Improvements; and we
pledge our Board of Supervisors and the members there
of to set apart for that purpose as large an amount of
such revenue as is consistent with the proper adminis
tration of municipal affairs.
We believe that the acquisition of an abundant sup
ply of pure water for the city, under municipal owner
ship, control and operation, is a matter of extreme neces
sity. ' The large and continued Increase in the population
in our city and the increased consumption of water
causal thereby and the constant and alarming decrease In
quantity and deterioration in quality of the present supply
make It Imperative that an abundance of pure and whole
some water shell be obtained from some other source.
Such supplies are available and our Supervisors have al
ready taken steps to secure them for this city. Regard
for the public health requires that this work shall pro
ce*»d without delay. We therefore pledge our Board o*
Supervisors; and the members thereof, to submit to the
people a proposition to issue bonds for such purpose at
the earliest practicable moment and to take all other
steps necesFary to meet this great public emergency.
We favor the abolition' of cobblestone pavements upon
the business streets of this city and on other streets
where such pavements are objectionable; and we pledge
our nominees to remove such pavements as soon as prac
ticable ar.d replace the same with smoother, cleaner and
more sanitary pavements.
We pledge our nominees to icfuse to grant any fran
chise for surface steam roads through the Mission dis
trict ar.d to use their utmost efforts to have the present
tracUs in the Mission removed.
The Democratic party has ever been in the forefront
in advocating the acquisition of public utilities by the
city and in proposing measures for Its permanent im
provement and beautiflcation. Therefore we unequivocally
indorse the pending proposition for the issuance of bonds
to acquire, reconstruct and operate the Geary-streei Rail
road, and we also favor all other pending propositions
to Issue bonds, including the new county hospital new
We condemn the present administration of the County
Clerks office as scandalous in the extreme, and hold the
Republican party responsible therefor. In this office
scandals have become of such frequent occurrence ae to
excite little public comment. AVe pledge our nominee for
County Clerk to so conduct the affairs of his office and
to exercise such care in the selection of his office force
that the work, which is now so far behind as to consti
tute a great menace to the rights of litigants, will be
promptly and efficiently performed.
"We condemn the Mayor for his continued efforts to
nullify and render inoperative the civil service provis
ion of the charter by seeking for political purposes to
malce temporary appointments to positions instead of
eelectir.?: appointees from the civil service eligible list.
es required by law.
further charge the Mayor with open and notori
ous subserviency to corporate Influences, and more par
ticularly with servility to the Spring Valley Water Wcrks
In the matter of fixing water rates.
WE. the duly elected delegates representing; the
Democratic r art >' of the city and county ol
San Francisco, do hereby. In municipal conven
tion assembled, adopt the following as its
Platform nnd declaration of principles:
Vi'e take great satisfaction in directing the attention and
scrutiny of the people to the records of the Democratic
officials of this city end county". Their records are con
clusive evidence of pledges faithfully kept and a guaran
ty of faithful and honest service in the future. The Dem
ocratic tr.otnbcrs of the Board of Supervisors have f ul ¦'
filled every rie<5ge required of them and have given the
city an administration which reflects signal credit upon
them and their pnrty. The administration cf the office
°f City Attorney has been safe, honest and conservative,
and the important interests of the city entrusted to that
official have be^n guarded with an ability and zeal which
cannot be tco strongly commended. The operation of the
charter has been made successful largely through his in
telligent, able nnd painstaking interpretation of its pro
visions. Our Assessor has equalized the burden of tax
ation in a most Jvrt and impartial manner. Over $22 003 000
reducticn in assessments has been made by him on the
property of small taxpayers, which had previously been
cverasseswd: while on the other hand the revenue of tne
city has been increased by the sum of half a million dol-
Jars usually, derived largely from property which had
previously escaped all taxation. Our public service cor
porations have, for the nrst time In the history of the
2& er ! a " C6S * d on th * "me basis of valuation as the
Individual taxpayer. The Incumbents of the offices of
Reorder. Coroner. District Attorney jLnd Police Judges
rave performed the duties of their respective positions
with commendable ability and with fidelity to their party
arid the people. Therefore we besp*ak the confidence of
the people in the nominees of this convention and claim
thet the record of our party in the past should be an
earriei-t of e^ual fidelity In the future.
. The record of the present administration of the May
ore office, on the contrary, has been such as to forfe'lt
ail claim to pubHc confidence; for appointees of the present
Mayor have been cpenly charged with corruption in of
fice, ar.d evidence has been brought forward to sustain
the charges, which hav* never been refuted. We charge
tne Mayor with willful violation of the charter in ap
pointing three or more Republicans as members of the
Board of Police Commissioners, in defiance of the char
ter provision which provides that the said board shall
never bo so constituted as to contain more than two mem
oer» of the came political party. Through this willful
gelation of the charter the positive requirements of the
law that all commissions fhall be non-partisan have been
repufileted end nullified.
PLATFORM ADOPTED BY THE DEMOCRATS.
LANE IS NOMINATED FOR MAYOR
BY DEMOCRATIC CONVENTION
Continued from Page 1, Column 5.
BULGARIA'S TEEMS.
5
Emporium Econ~ ~~~~%!£S* ,» r^ " The Little
omist — Our pro- jwJ- s &S^ -r A Shepherd cf
etc., Snailed free " C A LI FOB Nia-e-r* *>,««-«»_. £ -„ "i ¦ Kentucky story u
addreSS - -^^^^^^^^^^^^dTKMl^ST STORE $t*G8
The Remarkabte Sates
Suits, Waists, Dress Goods, Siiks, Linings,
Braids, Laces, Petticoats, Veiiings, Continue
Until closing time next Saturday night, if quantities on hand prove sufficient,
we will sell :
Ladies' Suits-Mixed effects that formerly sold up 7Sc Frcnch Fhnnels Uc-Rich Persian effects, new
to £14.95 each, for $B.4O bordered and striped design, a well-known 75c
per yard make, for this sale. 42c
Ladies' Suits of cheviots and mixtures that for- .„ lt , „ vii.
merlv sold at J2T SO for 4MO. O*5 ** c An " WoQl Tliamil 28c— Fine twills, in natural
merly sold at for . . . . grays, blue-grays, etc.; this week only, yard
... i?/?r»
Ladies' Suits — Of Sicilians, wool crash, etamines * ..-•..•- • - <&«?«,
and broadcloths, worth up to £23.50, for Printed Wrapper Flannels-— 100 10c styles; this
$17.45 week, yard . . 7c
i j- » « « \r~;v~~~ :~:i: u • * a Fancy Silk Braids — The kinds used for trimming
Ladies Suits-Veil.ngs, Sicilians, cheviots and up-to-date skirts and waists; black, white and
fancy mixtures; formerly sold up to*30, for a ll colors; instead of 25c per yard, during
• • - -• ' • S19.90 this sale He
SilK Waists that formerly sold from tS to P°&it ?e Venice Bands and Medallions— In a great
$15 each, now $3.95, $6.50 39.95 vari 5 ty , of nevv P atterns ' worth U P to 25 i£ er
**** "*** yard; for this sale ##c
Dress Goods Remarkable — Tweed Suit- Black Mercerized Sateen Ltain*s— 36 inches wide,
in?s, granites, plaid mistrals, Panama suitable for underskirts as well as linings; in-
1 , . . ,, , , . . stead of 25c, per vard 16c
and canvas stating, black and white »v
wool plaid, etc., that formerly ub BIa . cl ? Scwin * Silk-Large spools that have a few
' ¦ , ... /v joinings; on sale at 25c
to 0/.5O per yard — during this sale
gm 9 Dress Shields— Nainsook covered, size 3, worth
O&G \2c pair, for 7c
BlacK Silk Extraordinary — The big store's A Veiling Sale— Thousands of yards of 25c, 35c
biggest offering of peau de soie, black a ? d ** N ? v ?! ty P£f*i?] pl f n b J a + Ck TuX ;
** , , . j. edos, dotted Tuxedos, black and white mixed
taffeta and choice grenadines — effects, new and popular design; during this
£i.5O-Z7- f nch black Ptau ds Saie, now . . . ,$f m f6 Sale » Vafd * * " * ' * * * 16C
$1.25-14-^11 black P«u de Soi e , now .... Q8o Mercerized Black Petticoats— Handsomely and even
(1.50-36-inch guaranteed black Taffeta, now. .$1.16 , elaborately made; worth $1.50; during this
f i. * 5 --ai-inch black Peau de Soie, now . . . . 87O special Sale, each SSC
85c — 2G-inch black Peau de Soie (Swisj), now . ..Q7O
$1.00 and j 1. 25— 27-inch black Taffeta, now. . 87o Mercerized Italian Cloth Petticoats— Cut full and
85c— 2i-:nch black Taffcu, now 68o lon 2» ma^e just as they should be, extra wide
Si.oo— 44-inch Grenadines, several .tyies, now. . .68o flounce and dust ruffle underneath, worth *3;
Ji.aj — Striped and figured black Grenadines . . . 87O this week's Sale price -, - ..... $1m98
Charming Millinery—Moderately Priced
Our first showing of the autumn modes in millinery is a fashion triumph.
prrrt Models of the foremost Parisian milliners, copies and adaptation of
s~3d0$$$$if l^^ r m0(^ c ' 5 » an d our own exquisite creations, ths whole array of" S-JjcM 1 )'- ~
rniilincry beauty, the best from home and abroad awaits you here. .»--"" ' l ' ' '* £ *-^7'/v? i * \
<'.' Jfc^&3$C c ca^ P ar£ i cu ' ar attention to-day to moderately priced lines X .•~-^£=^ti£|tai^^'>
rt 'Jz$0J0liB from our own work-room. Great values these.
x Dainty stylish hats in all of the new violet shadcj, also in browns, blues, and Vf^^' C^*
•£fij|lp2/ % black, made of taffeta siik, velvet, cr Chenille braid, trimmed with fancy '$*r »
\ feathers, new velvet flowers, rosettes and ribbons, »nd steel */% mm g^ r—
and jet ornaments, a large and very choice collection, each. . *p^&m %2%P *^<j$Z>.
'*|||-g^"j. Fancy Chenille Braid and Velvet Hats, trimmed with pompons, aigrettes and new '$%$"
ifiWnifs^ itn «ff ccts » m bl«ck and white, navy and brown, and the gt**% B4% '^^^
WtHIUlln new violet, each
Saie Cushion Tops Saie Jointed Dolls
Sample line lOo Each To Dress for Christmas
A simple line of tinted pillow tops, in dozens cf different j^ Regular $150 Doll for $1.08 And a Very
floral, conventional and smokers designs, the kind that d jj {{ ¦ 2Q . h . .
«r!l reeu'ar v from 2 ?c to 7 cc each, have been secured r u . j e H • • , 7 ° r^y^'
by ™ Z a figure which enabL us to offer you choice mache body, full jointed in every limb,
of the lot Wednesday and Thursday only, -gg*^ W1 th ball and SOCket joints, 2. beauti"
«ch B10C fully modeled bisque head, with sleep-
Our assortment of 'ivoolen yarns is now complete, ing eyes and Showing teeth, first
comprising knitting yarns, Shetland flos, Shetland quality mohair sewed wig, shoci and Jtockingj, and a
wool, fancy zephyr, German town wool, castor fine chemise. On Wednesday only g**/ **g%
wool* etc- ' this beautiful $1.50 doll special . . . <§>* aHJf€S
Sale Wrist Bags Trunks ana Cases
o«~ 699 « *9 «?s C Two Extra Values
O«7Cf <Q9«9«C9*9 Duck covered, waterproof painted, trunk, with brass
Worth Up to $8.OO Each mounting and strong corner bumpers, best lock and bo!ts.
More than 20 styles of genuine seal, £«"«£*««.*.».¦»,.:
walrus, buffalo, Morocco and seal-lion
wrier hacr«; in <;tvlish shanes some f" ct • • SWmBO $11,00 $11.50 312.00
wrist Dags, in siynsn s napes, some . SoM Dresj SuU Case$ _ Ho!lind hnen lincd
with card case ana purse, some with witll shirt fold in$idc> brajJ lock catchc3j strong
German silver chains and irames, all of them beauti- handle, steel frame:
fully exclusive patterns, worth from $1.50 to J8.CO Size.. . 12 in. 24 in. a 6 in.
each. Wednesday and Thursday if £%g%~*
quantity lasts £3.65, $2.38 and ... &&C Pr-« . 97iOO S7.5O S8.OO
] * J ' r J ¦ j\g W Trunk Dep"l— 2nd floor.
Can You Beat Grocery and Liquors
These Carpet Prices Snaps for Two Days
We do not belong to any furniture cr carpet combine; Italian Olive Oil— Best imported, gallon da $1.98} % gallon rin . .
that is one reason why you can buy carpets of us at :,;..: $1,00
prices like these: Macaroni — Vermicelli »nd Spaghetti for two dars 25c bozn.. . 20O
Sanford and Smith's lO-wlrc tapestries, Pcarline— Lb. packages, for two diyi 3 packages 2So
$1.00 yard Tomato Catsup — Snider' » cr Heinz'f, pint bottle ....... 1So
Stlnson'8 lO-wlrc tapestries, $1.10 yard Oysters - Choice Core, 3 tins 25o
Best makes, 9-wlrc tapestries, 85c, 90c yard Claret- Extra Asti Table Wine, gd 38o
Smith Axminsters, $1.25 yard Kentucky Belle Bourbon— To-day and Thuraiar, full qn . . SSo
Bigelow Axmlnstcrs, $I.9O yard Cedar Run Whiskey— A »• night Bourbon, gal $t,Q5
Bigelow Body Brussels, $1.55; Whittal $1.45 Marquette or Gannymtdc, "76" Rye— High grade popular whiskies
yard for the two days, bottle QSo
Smith's Wool Velvet, $1.25 yard Pure E*Jiern A'cohol— 188 per cent pracf, fan qts . . . . . 77o
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.An American who occupied the distinguished if
obscure position of Consul in a town in the United
States of Colombia has resigned his position and re
turned to his home in Oregon. : The remaining mem
bers of our consular, service in the southern republic
are still resigned in spirit if not in action.
While the Postofnce Department is engaged in the
ungrateful task of cleaning its own .nest of the foul
growths that have crept to an existence with it, de
partment officials should not forget that they have the
reputation, well won, of being inplacable, pursuers of
evildoers and that punishment has inevitably fol
lowed the commission of crimes against the postal
service.
College students the world over have been per
mitted a freedom, a liberation from restraint, a frank
for frolics and follies granted to no other com
munity of rational beings. They are allowed to
frame their own laws within broad limitations and in
a belief that their sense of right will protect them
and those with whom they come in contact. But
the Berkeley boy who carried vitriol into a crowd
and wreaked a dastardly crime upon one of his fellows
ought to preserve the memory of his action as a
blight upon his own life.
MANY are the arguments. with which the op
timist of our time has met the pretensions of
those who sigh for "the good old days" and
assert that our social and economic conditions are
worse than they were forty years ago, but rarely has
the refutation of the lament been more effectively
made than by Chauncey Depew in a recent address
on the changes that have occurred in the relations of
labor and capital during his lifetime. The facts cited
strikingly attest the steady advance of labor and the
diminution in the percentage of profits obtained by
the owners of invested capital.
Speaking of matters within his own experience and
knowledge Senator Depew said: "In 1866, when I
began as an attorney with the railroad, the average
pay per capita, including all classes on the pay roll,
was less than $400 a year; in 1880 it was $520. In
1903 it was $633 per annum, an advance of over 20
per cent since 1880 and 58 per cent since 1866. In
1880 capital received 8 per cent upon its investment
in New York Central stock and 7 per cent upon its
investments in the bonds. In 1903 the stockholder
gets 5 and the bondholder 3}4 per cent. Of the earn
ings in the year ending June 3, 1902, capital received
$6,000,000 from the stock and $20,600,000 from the
bonds, or $26,600,000 in the aggregate, while labor
received $29,093,400."
Forty years is not much in the life of a nation, but
THEN AND NOW.
The Moors have emphatically announced their in
tention to expel all foreigners from Morocco. One
is forced to wonder what character of conditions
may exist in this land, physically and otherwise unfit,
that any rational being would wait to be forced to
leave it.
BY the cutting of the telephone wires at the
City Hall on Monday afternoon the evil re
sults of that form of crime have been brought
close home to the people of San Francisco. An im
mediate consequence of the act was a long delay in
obtaining assistance from the Central Emergency
Hospital for a woman suddenly stricken with a se
vere hemorrhage. Fortunately relief was obtained
after a long time by telephoning through the private
line of the police office. Had that line also been cut
the criminal would have been directly responsible for
the death of a woman who had done him no harm
and against whom he could not have had even in the
malice of such a mind as his any grudge whatever.
Crimes of this kind arc now becoming alarmingly
frequent. To a very large extent our social organ
ism is dependent for its orderly working upon the
service of the telephone. The wires are made use
of for calls of all kinds, and people rely upon them
in every emergency that requires the prompt sum
moning of the poiice, of hospitals or of medical aid.
A cessation of the operation of the wires therefore
entails danger to life in many instances, while inflict
ing in every instance a gross degree of inconvenience
upon both the business and the social life of the com
munity. The maintenance of the telephone service
in an unimpaired efficiency is therefore a matter of
prime necessity to the community, and accordingly
severe and summary punishment should be provided
for all criminals who may be convicted of the offense
of cutting the wi«-es or in any other way interfering
with their operation.
Along with the advance of civilization there has
been provided for the criminal a number of new
methods of attacking society, and he has been
prompt to take advantage of them. The invention
of dynamite and other powerful explosives had no
fooner been made known to the general public than
the criminal made use of them with a reckless ma
lignity that v.-as startling. Plans were laid for blow
ing up steamers at sea, for wrecking tunnels while
trains laden with passengers were passing through
them, and for destroying buildings crowded with
people. So, too, the discoveries of the terrible ef
fects of vitriol opened a way for the perpetration of
some of the most malignant atrocities known to the
records of crirrif. Thus the criminal has watched the
progress of civilization only to see in what way he
could increase his ability to kill or to torture with
impunity, being utterly careless who his victims
ought be. /
Thr dependence of a community upon telephones
has put in the way of these malicious criminals a
new means of injuring society. By the comparatively
easy feat of cutting an important wire it is possible
for a malicious man to expose many thousands to
inconvenience and some to death itself, as happened
in the case of the woman stricken with hemorrhage
on Monday afternoon. The criminal has also the
delight of meditating upon the fact that if a fire were
* to break out while the wires are cut there might be
a further damage done to the city and possibly a
good many lives might be lost as well as a great deal
of property destro3*ed. j
The criminals who commit offenses of this kind are
strictly of a malignant temper. They desire to work
evil for its own sake. It is quite possible that the
first thought of the criminal may be that of injuring
the telephone company, but if he possess a particle
of intelligence he soon perceives that the cutting of
the wires of the company injures the company less
than the public. To the really malignant mind, how
ever, it does not matter much who is injured so long
as some one is injured. Hence when once the idea
of interrupting the telephone service by cutting the
wires is thought of as a feasible project, the crimi
nal carries it out reckless of the consequences.
Confronted by a species of crime that makes use
of the appliances of civilization to inflict harm with
a malicious recklessness, society must set itself reso
lutely to the task of crushing out the evil by pur
suing the perpetrators with the utmost energy of the
law. In this case the telephone company has offered
a reward of $5000 for the arrest of the guilty party.
The action is commendable, though no such in
ducement should be necessary to rouse both the
police and the public to the task of detecting the
perpetrator and bringing him to justice. It is to be
borne in mind that no person is safe against such
a criminal as this, for his malice runs at large against
the community as a whole. He who has cut tele
phone wires will not need much in the way of an
impulse to set him to cutting the fire alarm wires,
or even to starting incendiary fires. Society, in fact,
has a dangerous type of malignant to deal with,
and should see to it that his career is short
MISSION TO ABYSSINIA
PROVOKES MUCH COMMENT
German Newspapers Declare It Is
Fresh Indication of American
Ambition Abroad. "
BERLIN, Sept. 22.— The mission of Mr.
Skinner, the United States Consul Gen
eral at Marseilles, to King Menellk of
Abyssinia, is the subject of lively com
ment here. Not one of the newspapers
professes to understand what it means,
but most of them aver that it is a "fresh
indication of the United States' ambition
abroad."
Several papers while animadverting to
the "imperialistic mood" of the United
States regard it as natural that she
should reach out for new spheres of
influence.
Fanners to Settle in Cuba.
HAVANA, Sept. 22— Thomas J. Ander
son, general passenger agent of the
Southern Pacific Railroad, announces that
he has come to Cuba with the idea of ar
ranging for the immigration of American
farmers to settle on Cuban soil.
WIRE-CUTTING FIENDS.
GUATEMALA has suffered so much from the
lack of a sound currency and a stable mone
tary system that her Government has under
taken the rash experiment of trying to raise the rate
of wages of plantation laborers by statute, with the
avowed object of saving them in that way from the
wrong done by paying them in depreciated and still
further depreciating paper money.
Of old it was not unusual for governments to un
dertake to fix the rate of wages and the prices of
food by statute, but of recent years the governments
of civilized men have understood the folly of such
attempts, consequently the announcement that the
President of Guatemala has undertaken to revive
the old experiment and to fix wages by govern
mental dictation comes as something of a surprise
even to those who are most accustomed to the va
garies of politics in Latin America.
A defense of the action of the President has been
recently published by way of reply to the many com
plaints made by the planters of interference with the
labor market. So- far as the defense consists of a
statement of facts it seems to be valid, for there,
can be no question that the instability of the
currency and the steady decline in the purchasing
power of money has been a serious injury to the
workingmen of the country. That sort of thing al
ways happens wherever an unsound and vicious
monetary system prevails. It would have happened
in the United States had either the greenback move
ment or the free silver crusade been successful. It is
therefore worth while for the American people to
give some little heed to what is happening now to
the plantation workers of Guatemala.
In the course of his defense the advocate of the
action of the Government says: "The difference in
the value of paper money and of gold and silver has
so altered the relation of prices to things that not
only foreign goods, which are paid for in gold, but
domestic articles of food and other necessities of life
have risen in value in proportion to the depreciation
of paper money of the country. And it is not strange
that the price of native products should be affected
by this condition of the monetary system when it
is seen that the producers must receive for them in
gold what they have to pay for goods which they
need and do not produce."
For the purpose of protecting the workers of the
plantations against the evils resulting from a system
in which the worker is paid in paper but has to buy
in gold the President decrees that the wages of plan
tation hands shall be $i 50 a day, an amount which
at the present value of Guatemala paper money is
equivalent to about ten cents in gold. It is cer
tainly nothing extraordinary in the way of high
wages, and if the decree were based on anything like
a rational foundation it would not be objection
able. Ample experience, however, has proven that
a government cannot fix the rate, of wages, nor can
it keep an irredeemable paper currency at any kind
of a fixed value. The decreed $i 50, which is worth
ten cents in gold to-day and serves the plantation
worker as a means of obtaining the low subsistence
fhat prevails among the Indians of that country, may
be worth only five cents within a year. The only way
in which the Government of Guatemala can effec
tively serve the interests of its people in this respect
is that which has been adopted by Mexico. Let the
currency be put upon a sound basis and labor will
have no need for governmental regulation of wages.
An interesting side light on the situation is thrown
by a report from Guatemala that "the property
owners say they do not object to a payment of the
wages fixed by the Government, for that within itself
is a small matter, but that the law will so operate as
to increase the already large amounts they have to
pay to certain Government officials for their favors."
Perhaps the President and his Ministers may have
had an idea of that effect of the law when they pro
mulgated it. .
GUATEMALA'S EXPERIMENT.
The traffic maintained by white men in Chinese
coolies in this city has already resulted in scandal to
the Federal Government and dishonor and death to
some of those who were pals in the dishonest trade.
Time after time such scandals as these have affronted
the public like the recurrent symptoms of intermit
tent fever, and as long as the palms of Federal un
derlings itch for dishonest money scandal and ex
posure will inevitably follow.
WED N ESDAY SEPTEMBER 23, 1903
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With, the Department You "Wish.
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third, 8. F.
CDITOIUAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week, 75 Cts.
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Twins by Mail. Including Postage (Cash With Order):
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), one year 98.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday). 8 month* 4-OO
DAILY CALL — By Single Month 73c
SUNDAY CALL. On* Tear 2JSO
WEEKLY CALL. One Year l-OO
f Daily. . . ?S.8O Per Year Extra
FOIIEIGN* POSTAGE i Sunday.. 4.15 Per Year Extra
I Weekly.. l.OO Per Year Extra
All postmasters are authorized to receive
•abcerlptlons.
Sample copies •will be forwarded when requested.
Mail subscriber* in ordering chanpn of address should be
particular to elve both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS la order
to Jneure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
1118 Ilroftdwny. . Telephone Main 1O83
BERKELEY OFFICE.
214S Center Street Telephone Tforth 77
C. GEORGE KIIO(;M>S. Manager Forelfrn Adver
tlBfnsr, Marquette Untldlnflr, Chfcasro.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2018.")
WAFHINGTOX CORRESPONDENT:
MORTOX E. CHA\E 14OC G Street, I». W.
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN I). SMITH SO Tribune Bnlldtnff
DRA\CH OFFICES — X27 Montgomery, corner cf Clay, open
until 8:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:80 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until Q:?.O o'clock. 615 Laxkin. open until
»:3O o'clock. 1&41 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2281
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 8 o'clock. 1096 Va
lencia, cpen until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. JCE. corner Church and Duncan streets, open
until 9 o'clock. N*W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky,
open until i» o'clock. 2200 Flllmore. open until 9 o'clock.
Irene Goulding and Ivy Pollard occupied
important roles, which they filled in the
most creditable manner. Both are splen
did singers and both sing solos in this
opera. Four other little damsels of the
pinafore age who go nameless as
etceteras on the programme made a hit
with a witch song. They were attired in
appropriate costumes and, as many young
ladles remarked audibly, "looked too cute
for anything." The rest of the stellar" ag
gregation contributed generously one and
all to the luster of the finished produc
tion.
"Dorothy" will be presented for the sec
ond and last time to-night.
That popular "Infant phenomenon"
Daphne did a great deal of the heavy
work. In addition to rendering a long
speaking part she did a song and dance
turn which brought down the house. Fred
Pollard sang "My Pauline" until he was
nearly exhausted and then his hearers
wanted some more of it. Alice Pollard
had rather less than usual to do, but tho
audience was afforded an opportunity to
enjoy the music of her voice a few times
nevertheless.
The opera is rich in pleasing music and
contains something of humor. The part
of it all which pleases the audience most
of course is tho cleverness with which the
little tots play the parts intended for
artists of maturer years. A couple of
topical songs are introduced to give th«
performance a trifle more life than It
would have otherwise.
Daphne and Fred Pollard carried off
most of the honors at the Grand Opera
house last night. It was the first time
that the diminutive theatrical stars have
presented the musical comedy "Dorothy"
in this city and the large audience which
came to hear and witness went away
more than pleased. The applause came
frequently and generally with the em
phasis that indicates genuine apprecia
tion.
With all this the large audience de
manded more. The string quintett had
to repeat a waltz; Mrs. Birmingham was
urged for additional songs and complied.
The most effective, if not the most am
bitious number for the chorus, was the
"Break, Break," when the chorus had the
combined assistance of the strings, wood,
wind, brass, piano and organ.
Of the chorus it may be said that it is
as well balanced as ever in the history
of the club. It is sure in attack, under
excellent control, certain in tone, sym
pathetic. Only once during the evening
did the singers stray from the fold of
tempo; never did they commit the cardin
al sin of singing out of tune. The only
real trouble with the concert was that
there was not more of it. The opening
of the season was an unqualified success.
A musical audience completely filled the
hall on invitation.
To sum up. the following compositions
were given in addition to the "Bridal
Voyage"— March and .waltz for the
strings, by Volkman; "The Long Day
Closes," by Arthur fc. Sullivan: "Break.
Break," by John Hyatt Brewer; ballads
by Delibes, Reynalde Hahn and Clarence
Lucas— these three being sung by Mrs.
Birmingham;, a folk song by J. B. Zer
lett; a roundelay, by Rheinberger; two
songs, respectively by Nevin and Victor
Harris, which were sung by Mrs. Birm
ingham, and the final waltz song by
Vogel.
The twenty-seventh season of the Lor-
Ing Club was opened auspiciously last
evening with a concert in Native Sons'
Hall. In no respect has the club ever
given a concert more replete with solid
enjoyment or artistic merit. Assistance
was given by Mrs. Birmingham; by B.
Jaulus, F. Forde and "William von der
Mehden, violinists; by J. Lewis, vio
la; F. Bracamonte, cello; S. Brown, bass;
P. C. Zeh, flute; G. Schneider and William
Klein, clarinets, and A. L.. Tillman and O.
Schlott, horns. Miss Ruth Lorln was at
the piano, and right clever she was; and
J. C. Fyfe was at the organ. With this
aggregation of talent, under the able di
rection of David W. Loring, much was
naturally expected. The outcome fully
Justified optimism.
The programme ranged from a virile
composition by H. liofman, "Hareld's
Bridal Voyage," in which Herbert K
Medley was the well selected soloist, to
a final waltz song, with much interven
ing.
Agostino, as Alfredo, threw his very
eouI into the number In which Verdi's
genius appears to have been concentrated.
His top notes were given with a power
that fairly thrilled his hearers and many
were the bravos that resounded through
out the house at the conclusion of his
singing.
Gregorettl's magnificent barytone was
more than equal to the exacting vocal re
quirements of the part of Germont and
his scene with Violetta, in which he begs
her to renounce her son, was given In
forceful manner, both from a vocal and
dramatic point of view. The concerted
singing of the principals, assisted by
Slgnora Napoleoni, Gullio, Cortesl. Quinto
Zani and Grove Jacques, was delightful
and the chorus was in all Instances re
liable. Marie Walsh, as Flora, and Net
tle . Deglow, as Anina, did well in small
parts. Too much cannot be said of the
orchestra, which, under the master hand
of Paul Steindorff, is never found want
ing. Steindorff wields his baton in a com
manding way that compels obedience both
from vocalists and instrumentalists. The
violin and harp interludes by Mr. and
Mrs. John Marquardt were hugely en
joyed.
To-night we are to have the much-her
alded Marchesini as Carmen.
three distinguished artists In the
cast— Tina de Spada, Giuseppe Agostlno
and Adamo Gregoretti— all of whom are
possessed of superior vocal attainments.
They were all in fine voice and at several
stages in the performance excited a large
audience of admirers to a high pitch of
enthusiasm. Not only was the vocal part
of the production of superlative merit, but
the dramatic portion also received an
artistic rendering. De Spada, as Vloletta,
sang the music allotted to her with splen
did effect. Seldom is it one's good fortune
to hear Joy and pathos displayed in a
vocal organ such as De Spada owns. She
rose to superior heights at all times and
her final effort, when she expires in the
arms of her lover, was positively a mas
terpiece of vocal art. She was rewarded
with salvos of applause and bushels of
flowers.
LOVERS of grand opera were given
a delightful treat In last night's
presentation of "La Traviata" by
the Tivoli company. There were
JUDGED by the reports, the recent irrigation
convention was the largest that has been held
since the national organization was made twelve
years ago. That it was the most useful may also be
true, though its usefulness may have to be measured
more by what it refused to do than what it did.
There appears to have been a desire to bring the
meeting out of the air and into the waters of irri
gation, which, however, only partially succeeded.
The practical irrigators, and those who expect to be,
desired to use the occasion for educational purposes.
Under the Federal irrigation law the Government
will spend many millions of dollars in water works.
The users of this water must return the money to the
Government, either in the price they will pay for
their land or in the rent they will pay for water. In
either case it will be no gift, and those who pay it
cannot afford the time required to learn the capacity
of their land and the proper application of water by
experiment.
The duty of water in irrigation varies with the ab
sorbent quality of the soil, the rate of evaporation
and the kind of crop to which it is applied. It is
known that too much water, or water applied at the
wrong time, destroys the fertility of some soils,
which under proper and timely irrigation are fertile
and profitable. The Agricultural Department has a
corps of experienced scientific men working on these
physical problems and identifying the different kinds
of soil with the water service each requires for profit
able tillage, and in like manner establishing the
measure of irrigation required by the staple crops.
These useful investigators and the Government en
gineers engaged in the engineering problems were
present in Ogdcn and on the programme with papers
filled with information which practical men desired
to hear. But there were also on the programme a
few professional orators, who deal in words of the
imagination and irrigate with wind, and when these
got into action they so occupied the time of the con
vention that the modest men of science were crowded
out entirely, as appears by the reports, and had to
be content with leave to print their papers.
The atmospheric irrigators seem likely to do the
cause much injury by their habit of raising expecta
tions impossible of realization. For illustration, we
note that they persistently refer to irrigation as ap
plicable "to an empire of land in the arid States des
tined to be the home of eighty millions of people."
Indeed, one left enumeration entirely behind him,
and, giving notice that his imagination was "stag
gered" by the prospect, proceeded to immediately
settle "'countless millions" in the same area.
All of these perfervid social builders put the' total
acreage that can be touched by water and made hab
itable, when the Federal irrigation law has finished
its work and put the last available drop of water
upon the last available inch of land, at 100,000,000
acres. The law under which this land is to be irri
gated permits a maximum to each settler of 160
acres and no more. Each one will have his maxi
mum, for most of the land lies on the high plateaus,
where the variety of crops is limited by the short
season, and a quarter section is little enough to keep
a family. So when the whole hundred million acres
is watered, sold and occupied, its 625,000 quarter sec
tions, with a family on each with the'average of five
to a family, will support just 3,125,000 people, or less
than the population of Illinois.
Of course that addition to the rural population of
the West is highly important and much to be desired,
but it is a long way this side of the countless millions
which teem in the mouths of the imaginative para
sites who infest irrigation congresses. This imagina
tive quality seems to have slopped over into the
resolutions adopted by ' the congress, which in the
most lush and sumptuous manner suggest that the ir
rigation of a hundred million acres on our cold
plateaus will plant there the results achieved in the
Valley of the Po, the Indus and the Nile. Yes, this
will happen when irrigation raises bananas in the
open air at Cape Nome.
The address of the Secretary of Agriculture was of
the highest value, amounting to a text book on prac
tical irrigation, and those who appreciated it re
gretted that they were not permitted to hear the
papers prepared by his fine corps of scientists who
were present. The usual scrippers' raid was made
on the convention to get all land laws repealed by
which the public domain may pass into private
ownership, except by the location of land scrip, of
which about 6,000.000 acres is held by corporations
and syndicates. The repeal of the desert land,
homestead and timber and stone acts leaves scrip
location the only possible means of acquiring public
lands, snd every settler that wants land must pay
whatever price the scrippcr asks and then take all the
risks of location. It was a pretty scheme, but was
too raw, and the convention attacked it with a war
whoop and smote it into a dry and dusty death.
Other parts of the platform are open to criticism,
for they seek to identify irrigation with an attack
upon the fundamental principles of government, but
perhaps they will stand as good examples to the next
convention of what to avoid.
THE IRRIGATION CONVENTION.
James Neill to Appear at the
Big Mission-Street
Theater.
to-rrSHE Haydn simplicities taxed
\ \ somewhat heavily the Scheel Sym
i phony Orchestra in the symphony
H of yesterday afternoon (No. 5. O
major). The symphony was given
with the usual small orchestra, that hard
ly seemed quite to lift to the occasion.
Haydn and Mozart, here after all. Is
where the quality of ai» orchestra most
surely tells. Not as In Brahms or Wagner,
where a note or two from the profuse
ness of their wealth may be lost without
great hurt, every note i3 here inalienably
precious. In the lines of the work, few.
pure and simple, the least uncertainty 13
apparent as In the light and subtle shad
ing the smallest blur offends. Yesterday,
though the symphony was gracefully
enough given, its rendering lacked the es
sential purity of line and tone. It lacked
also the spontaneous quality and some
thing of warmth and color. The finale
perhaps went most successfully, the men
by then beginning to waken to their task.
But the symphony was among the least
successful efforts of the season, as It is
among the most essentially difficult
things attempted.
Yesterday afternoon saw the introduc
tion of an innovation in the shape of a
soloist. Mr. Otto Spamer, who made quite
a furor by his playing of the Allegro
Pathetlque from the Ernst violin con
certo In F sharp minor. Though Mr.
Spamer is a skillful fldler. with a good,
the extreme warmth of his reception
the extreme warmth of his hreception
Is not quite explainable and his encore to
the Ernst, a charming slow movement
In which he made a telling gift of tone
apparent, evidenced that the Ernst ban
alities had not drawn the best from him.
and it Is possible that in later numbers
the violinist would have lived up to his
enthusiastic greeting. But Mr. Spamer.
while his school is evidently a good one.
has not yet shown any particular distinc
tion or unusual magnetism.
The afternoon was prolific of novelties,
chief of them the Strauss Serenade for
thirteen Instruments. The number was
productive of much interest, it being the
first orchestral work of Richard Strauss
to bo Riven here. Those to whom the
later Strauss gives large cause of offense
in this early product of his pen— It is
Op. 7— professed to find much hope for
the composer's future. Certainly it has
none of th« complexities of build - and
harshness of discords so freely ascribed
to the later work. The Influence of th©
older schools, as also that of Wagner,
are Quite apparent in the "Serenade," as
well as a peculiar piquancy that prom
ises what the later Strauss has become.
To me the work is on first hearing rather
curious than beautiful; Its scoring—
Strauss has taken the small orchestra
and simply eliminated all the strings but
one double bass — productive of problem
atic charm, its ' melody without Imme
diate spell, its harmonies generally con
ventionally effective. But there is, too,
the aforementioned characteristic flavor,
and It Is quite possible the "Serenade" of
longer acaualntanco would find the ar
dent championship it has aroused where
it is among the well known works. Mas
senet's "La VierRe." announced as a nov
elty, was very well given here at the
Campanarl symphony concert In the
spring, and yesterday was also charm
ingly rendered under Mr. Scheel's baton.
Thoroughly enjoyable was the Lustspiel
overture by E. N. Reznlcek. that closeU
the programme. It is a delightful com
position, picturesaue in theme and treat
ment, full of humor and mirth. It was
handsomely played. This, with the Bee
thoven Coriolanus overture that opened
the afternoon, completed the programme.
The attendance was again encouragingly
large, the applause generous, in Mr. Spa
mer's solo boisterous.
Next Tuesday's programme- Includes the
"Rustic Wedding" symphony of Gold
mark, and the music of "Montezuma"
(music drama), by H. J. Stewart, for the
first time. BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
Partlcuar attention Is called to the fact
that there will be matinees Thursday
Saturdays and Sundays.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
1':/ S3 Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Bloomquest. TV. H. Haxkness, Morris
Cytron. Roy Davis. Robert Banks, Ed
ward "NVhltcomb, Lillian Andrews. Edith.
Campbell, Ruth Hlckstein, Gertrude
Keller and Dorothy Sidney.
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candles, 60c a pound. In artistic fire
etched boxes. A nle© present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st.. above Call bids. *
Separates Church, and State.
PARIS. Sept. 22.— The Socialist Deputy
Brland, whom the Parliamentary com
mittee before the summer vacation en
trusted with the proposition of a bill for
the separation of church and atate. has
completed his task. The principal points
In the proposed measure, which will bo
communicated to the committee Im
mediately, are absolute respect for re
ligious liberty, the application of com
mon law to religious associations and the
maintenance of the complete laldzation
of the state.
JAMES NEILJj, one of the most
popular actors that has ever ap
peared in this city, will begin a
brief engagement at the Grand
Opera-house next Sunday matinee
in the romantic melodrama, "A Gentle
man of France," a dramatization of
Stanley Weyman's novel by Harriet Ford,
which proved an immense success in the
East and which is described as a play of
action arid . adventure.
Mr. Neill's role is that of Gaston de
Marsac, whose adventures suggest the ex
citing scenes in which Dumas' hero
D'Artagnan participated. The great fea
ture of it is his single-handed combat with
seven lusty adversaries on a great stair
case. This scene proved a veritable sen
sation not only in New York, but in
Philadelphia and Boston as well. It car
ries the action to a sensational pitch and
is said to have scored from fifteen to
twenty curtain calls nightly, even on
blase Broadway.
The play opens with Gaston de Marsac
suing at the court of Henry of Navarre.
Hero the hero Is flattered and ridiculed,
but he wins the regard of Mile, de la Vlre,
the haughty court beauty, who gives him
a rose. In the next scene Navarre and
Baron Rosny V come to llarsac's poor
apartments to offer him the dangerous
mission of rescuing Mile, de la Vire from
the castle of Chlze, whither Turenne,
Navarre's rival in the favor of the
Huguenots, has contrived to banish her.
De Marsac accepts the mission and
makes the rescue. In the fourth scene
Fresnoy asserts that De Marsac boasted
of Mile, de la Vlre's favor and convinces
her that he, and not De Marsac, was
deputed by Navarre to rescue her. In
the end De Marsac accomplishes the pur
pose of Navarre, who by the death of
Henry III Is now King of France. The
new leader loads him with riches and
honors, and Mile, de la "Vlre, whose im
perious love has been won against heavy
odds, gives him her heart and hand.
Mr. Nelll will be splendidly supported.
Edythe Chapman will appear as the
haughty court beauty. Mile, de la Vlre.
and the other characters will be dis
tributed among Donald Bowles. Clifford
Dempsey, George BloomQuest, Jean de
Lacey, Reginald Travers, Robert Morris,
John W. Burton, Robert Slddle. Elmer
GRAND OPERA AND SCHEEL CONCERT
APPLAUDED BY LOVERS OF MUSIC
For a continuance of this steady progress in the
right direction there needs nothing more than a
maintenance of harmony between the two great ele
ments of the ' industrial world. As Senator Depew
puts it: "The forces of capital and of labor have in
the last year progressed in organization and in power
beyond any previous twenty. As warring factions
they are destructive of the comforts, of the peace and
almost of the life of communities and of the country.
They ought to dwell together in harmony and live
under a perfect understanding or with methods by
which disputes can be speedily settled before all out
side interests are involved."
it is a long time in the lif<of an individual, and con
sequently the changes Recorded by Mr. Depew ap
pear to have taken place slowly, and yet they have
been almost rapid enough to amount to something
like a revolution. The investor who formerly ob
tained 8 per cent on his capital now obtains only z l /%.
During the same period the rate of average wages in
creased upward of 20 per cent. The figures of course
relate only to a single railroad, but they may be taken
as fairly representative, of the proportions of wages
and profits now obtained by labor and by capital in
all the great American industries.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CAIiL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1903.
T H E A TRICAL FAVORITES
WHO WILL. OPEN AT THE
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
6
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Any Color or Shape for $1.30 j
Don't think that our $1.30 hat is any one particular style-
far from it— why you can get the hat in almost any style. It comes
in the following shapes: Derbys, Fedoras, Dunlap Crushers', Go-
lumbias, Tourists, Three-in-Ones and Graecos. The soft hats are
made with different colored bands a'nd bands to match. |
We picture the pearl color Fedora. You can get it with bound
or raw edges. The other hats also come variously made up. j
TV; Exclusive hat deklers charge fully $2.00 for hats no better than
these at $1.30.- .
Out-of-town orders fif/ed—wr/ta us.
740 Market Street • tA Chinaman named Ah Lee made a
desperate attempt at self destruction in
his home on Waverly place yesterday
by drawing: a razor across his throat.
He was found by Officer M. C. Mahoney
of the Chinatown squad and rushed to
tho Emergency Hospital, whero the gap
ins wound was closed. It is thought th«
Chinese will recover.
The Board of Bank Commissioners is
sued a license yesterday for the «-atab-
Ushment of the Pacific Savings Bank in
Issues License for New Bank.
Tho Ely Stem Company filed its sched
ule in involuntary bankruptcy yesterday
In the United States District Court. Its
liabilities are $23,856 and it has no assets.
Its principal creditors are City and Coun
ty Bank of San Francisco, $9050; Schoss
Crockery Company, $4285, and M. A.
Frank, $2000. The remainder of Its credi
tors represent less than $500 each.
Ely Stern Co. Bankrupt.
ingr it down. She charges that the board
Is acting without right and not within the
authority of any law.
Fannie Angela May, who owns a build
ing on Dupont street, near Washington,
that has been condemned by the Board of
Health, filed a suit yesterday for an in
junction restraining the board from tear-
Says Health Board Is Wrong.
The board of directors of the Merchants*
Association has Issued a circular request
ing that all of its members and all other
employers allow their employes who vote
plenty of time to cast ballots on the days
of the approaching bond elections.
Desire Heavy Vote.
The tourUt sleeping-car service from San
Francisco to Chicago, via the Chicago. Union
Pacific and Northwestern lines, offers many
advantages to those who desire to make the
journey In a comfortable manner and at small
expense. The car* are neatly upholstered and
similar in general construction to first-class
eleeping-cars, and the cost of a completely
equipped berth from Pacinc Coast to Chicago
is only $<J. They leave San Francisco at 8
a m -Wednesdays and Fridays by Union Pa
cific and Chioago and Northwestern railways,
at 7 P m. Thursdays and Saturdays by Rio
Grande route. For further particulars apply
to your nearest ticket agent, or R. R. Ritchie.
General Agent Pacific Coast. Chicago and
Northwestern Railway. 617 Market street. San
Francisco. Cal. _^_ *
The Northwestern Personally Con
ducted Excursions.
Harrison's petition was filed several
weeks ago, and with it was filed a con
sent' to his appointment signed by the
boy's mother, Mrs. Mattie McKinnon.
Yesterday the grandmother filed a peti
tion claiming that she Is best fitted to
care for the little fellow. She also ad
vances as another reason for her appoint
ment the ¦ fact that the youth's mother
was adjudged Insane some months ago
and at the time she signed the docu
ment filed by Harrison she had not been
restored to competency.
Just who shall be the guardian of the
person and estate of Francis Eugene Mc-
Kinnon, a Seattle youth, aged 12 years,
is the question that will shortly be de
termined in the local courts. There are
two people who desire the care of the
boy and his property. They are Sarah
McKinnon, his paternal grandmother, and
E. C. Harrison, a local attorney. They
have both filed petitions to be appointed
his guardian.
Sarah McKinnon Claims She Should
Be Appointed Guardian of Her
Grandson.
HARBISON'S PETITION
MEETS WITH OPPOSITION
George Mcnaugh Castner is the latest
victim of gas in a lodging-house. He
came to this city from Seattle three
months ago and secured employment to
work as an electrician for the Western
Union Telegraph Company, taking rooms
at 743 Eddy street with his wife and child.
For the last week Castner had been
complaining of pains in the region of the
heart. He retired in excellent spirits at
9:30 p. m. last Monday, and at 6 o'clock
In the mornine his wife Minnie awoke
and saw that her husband was not in
bed. She smelled illuminating gas escap
ing and on going to the kitchen found
her husband lying on the floor in his
night clothinsr. dead. The key of the
burner of a gas stove was partly open
and gas was escaping.
George Castner Killed by Gas.
The taking of evidence In the suit of
Thomas Duffy, Involving $900,000, brought
by him several months ago against Jafet
Lindeberg, an owner of mining properties
in Alaska, will begin in Judge Graham's
court to-day before a jury. The twelve
men who are to pass upon the merits of
the case and who were impaneled yes
terday are Robert Broad, W. H« Nason,
W. J. Gilbert, J. H. McCloskey, Paul
Keyser, J. F. Stelmke, B. II. Weiners,
T. Jenkln, N. Denvlr, W. A. Peake, C.
Fleming and D. Swannack.
Attorney J. C. Campbell represents
Lindeberg and George D. Collins is the
attorney for Duffy. In the opening state
ment made by Collins yesterday he said
that his client was entitled to recover
by right of interest in the claims claimed
by the defendant.
Campbell in opening his case said that
he would prove that Duffy was not en
titled to any of the yield of the claims
because his client possessed a deed made
by Duffy giving to him all his interest
In the properties. The deed, according
to Campbell, is a release of all the plain
tiff's claims for the sum of $20,000.
the Rival Claims of Two Alaska
Miners.
Twelve Men Selected to Adjudicate
JURY WILL DETERMINE
MERITS OF DUFFY'S SUIT
Ethel Ross, the little heiress, Is just 15
years old and unusually pretty. The fam
ily was preparing to move to 312 Elizabeth
street when they heard the joyful tid
ings. They did not expect to hear from
the case for several months yet and were
pleasantly surprised at the information
that the fortune had at last come to the
child. She has Just finished a course at
the James Lick Grammar School. She Is
very fond of music and states that she
will now cultivate her taste in that di
rection. •
The opinion is written by Justice Lori
gan, with whom Justices Henshaw and
McFarland concur. The property belong
ing to the estate of Robs Is on Third
street, between Market and Mission, and
on the lower part of Eddy street.
The two daughters of Joseph Ross Sr.
argued that the granddaughter had ap
peared in the matter at too late a date.
The Supreme Court agrees with the lower
tribunal that it is not justice to apply
too strlngest rules In cases like the one
at bar and that a mere technicality
should not deprive the little girl of her
fortune. John, the second son, is not af
fected by the decision, but otherwise Jo
seph Ross might just an well have died
Intestate according to the decision of the
court.
The court holds that the will of the
elder Ross has no bearing on the case of
the minor litigant. The capitalist sup
posed that his son was still living and did
not know that he had been married. He
knew nothing of the existence of his
granddaughter and erred In not recogniz
ing the possibility that his son might
have an heir. The court holds that the
little girl had a claim on the estate and
the fact that her deceased father had
been bequeathed $10 was of no Import
from a legal standpoint.
Mrs. Jansen and her daughter never
had any idea that they were entitled to
any part of the rich estate until some one
told the mother that the little girl had
a claim to a fortune. Two months after
the Issuance of the decree of distribution
a petition in behalf of Ethel Ross was
filed at the County Clerk's office request
ing that the previous order be annulled.
The court granted the petition In spite
of the protests of the executors of the
estate and the beneficiaries of the will and
when the case had been heard declared
that the child was the rightful owner of
one-third of the property left by Joseph
Ross, the father. An appeal was taken
to the Supreme Court by the- litigants.
Meanwhile the Jansens and the little
girl continued to live in straitened cir
cumstances, but hopeful of some, 1 time
coming into possession of the property in
litigation. The case has been before the
Supreme Court for about two years.
CHILD'S CLAIM IS LEGAL.
Finally the mother had herself declared
a widow by the courts and subsequently
was quietly wedded to Carl Jansen. She
kept the little girl with her always. Jo
seph Ross passed out of this life October
22, 1808. On March 12 of the same year
he had made a will In which he devised
his fortune to his daughters. He pro
vided that his sons, Joseph and John,
ehould each received $10 and expressly
elated that they should get nothing more.
The will was offered for probate by the
executors and the court issued a decree of
distribution on October 20, 1899.
MOTHER MARRIES AGAIN.
Little Ethel Ross of 1123 Sanchez street
did not have a penny she could call her
own yesterday morning. Yesterday after
noon the Supreme Court declared she was
the rightful owner of San Francisco real
estate worth more than $50,000. Her
mother is married to Carl Jansen, who
has been struggling hard for several
years to make a living in the city's
tailoring shops. The family will soon be
placed in a position of affluence. Tester
day they were wild with joy when they
learned of the decision of the Justices of
the State's highest tribunal.
It all happentd through a mistake on
the part of Joseph Ross, who died in this
city five years ago. Deceased was pos
sessed of a fortune worth a trifle more
than 5150,000. He had tw.o sons and two
daughters. He became tptranged from
the boys and cut them off with a pittance.
Ross, however, did not know that one of
them had been married and had a daugh
ter. On that account the little, dark-eyed
girl is an heiress.
Joseph came to San Francisco a poor
man many decades ago. By dint of hard
work and an occasional bit of good for
tune he became the possessor of much
valuable real estate in the heart of the
city. His sons, Joseph and John, disap
pointed him and he set them adrift. •
Joseph married the present Mrs. Jan-
Ben in 1887. A year later he went to the
State of Washington for his health. For
eight months he wrote frequent endearing
letters to his wife and then he was lost
eight of. Diligent inquiry on the part of
the wife failed to reveal anything in re
gard to his fate'and after several years
he was given up for dead. The little girl,
Ethel, was born shortly after his depar
ture for the north.
Judge Kerrigan annulled the marriage
of Ada Johnson to John R. Melburn. She
complained that after she became his wife
she learned that he had a wife in Swe
den from whom he had never been di
vorced. Divorces were granted to Augus
ta Miller from John D. Miller for deser
tion, Lucy A. TUli from Carlo Tilll for
desertion and Richard F. Dawson from
Elizabeth Dawson for infidelity.
Mrs. McNeil charges in her complaint
that McNeil, on the very day of their
marriage, March 17 of this year, gave her
a cruel beating. He used his fists and
his feet, she says, and cursed her between
blows and kicks. This performance, she
says, was repeated on May 24 and again
on June 7. On June 13, she says, he again
beat her in a most brutal manner, wind-
Ing up the affray by firing two 6hots at
her.
Though Annie McNeil has been a wife
for less than half a year, she is already
of the opinion that she prefers a life of
single blessedness to that of a matron.
In accordance with this belief she filed a
suit for divorce against George McNeil.
She charges him with cruelty and says
that from a few hours after the wedding
up to a few days ago he treated her in
humanly. She says that he has been so
brutal to her that a few days ago she
came to the conclusion that if she contin
ued to live with him her life would be
endangered, and left him.
PBEFEBS SINGLE LIFE.
In a cross complaint filed by Peter
Mitchell in the divorce proceedings
brought by Therese j Mitchell he accuses
her of being a cruel wife. He says also
that she is an unfaithful one and 'addicted
to the excessive use of intoxicants. He
charges that because of her love * for
liquor she has neglected her 15-months-old
child and has so managed or neglected to
manage her household that he has had to
very frequently prepare his own meals
and do the family washing.
A suit for divorce on the ground of fail
ure to provide was filed by Anne A.
Northrop against Melton Northrop.
An amended complaint for divorce was
filed by Amber Wllkerson, leading lady at
Fischer's Theater, against Ira Puerl Wil
kerson. The amendment consists of tech
nical changes in the original complaint
and was filed with the consent of the de
fendant.
Frieda Magee, who on October 12, 1901,
was married to Roger D. Magee Jr., the
son of Rodger D. Magee, is seeking a di
vorce on the ground of extreme cruelty.
In her complaint she alleges that two
months after she became Mrs. Magee her
husband cruelly beat her and that in the
months of January, March and October of
last year he did likewise. He also chas
tised her in a most strenuous manner, she
says, at least once during every month
from October, 1902, to August of this
year, when she left him. She says that
three times during their married life she
grew tired of her husband's alleged brutal
ity and left him, returning to him on two
occasions on the strength of his promise
to treat her decently. When she became
Mrs. Magee she was a Miss Schnibbe.
She was only 18 years of age and her hus
band was 22.
Josephine MacDonald, who is being
sued for divorce on the ground of cruelty,
answered her husband's complaint yester
day with a general denial of all his
charges, except that In which he accuses
her of filing an affidavit with the of
ficers of Hesperian Parlor, Native Sons
of the Golden West, in which she charged
her husband with being a drunkard and
a loafer and an associate of the lowest of
the low. She admits the truth of this
charge. With her answer Mrs. MacDon
ald filed a petition for alimony pending
the suit. She says she is penniless, lack
ing even funds to defend herself against
her husband's charges. An order was is
sued directing young MacDonald to ap
pear before Judge Sloss Friday next and
show cause why he should not be com
pelled to furnish his wife with funds to
defray the cost of defending his suit and
to enable her to subsist without appealing
to the charity of relatives and friends.
DOES HIS OWN WASHING.
It may also have been brought about by
a knowiedge, mutually possessed, that
when a wife leaves a husband, or vice
versa, a year roust elapse before an ac
tion for divorce can be brought. At any
rate shortly after IX o'clock yesterd*ay
morning an action for divorce was filed
with Mrs. Beatrice Otway as plaintiff
and Michael Otway defendant. The
charge was desertion. Two hours later
the name of Otway was again placed on
the slip in the County Clerk's office con-l
tainlng the names of mlsmated couples
who desired freedom from matrimonial
bonds. In the second action, however,
the husband was the plaintiff, though the
charge was the same. It now remains for
the court to determine which of the Ot
ways Is guilty of desertion.
SAYS MAGEE IS BRUTAL.
It sometimes happens, and it is a pop
ular idea, that marriage is ths bringing
together bf two souls with but a single
thought. The marriage of Beatrice and
Michael Qtway is an instance. They
were married in May of last year, but It
was not until yesterday that they dis
covered that their minds were running
in the same strain. Perhaps the fact that
they separated just a year ago yesterday
had something to do with their oneness
of mind.
File Complaints Against
Each O her on the
Sains Day.
Supreme Court Fractically
Nullifies the Will cf
Joseph Ross.
Michael and Beatrice
Otway Agree ori
One Point.
Charming Little Girl Is
Suddenly Made
Wealthy.
JUDGMENT GIVES
HER A FORTUNE
DIVORCE THEIR
SINGLE THOUGHT
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1903.
Los Angeles. The Institution, which is
capitalized at $23,000. will open its door*
for business October 1. The officers ar«
Ralph Rogers, president: W. P. Wilson,
vice president, and H. L.. Lunt. treasurer.
Buy your watches at Lundy'a, 4 Third
street and 733 Market street. • -
Chinaman Attempts Suicide.
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"The b<»*t musical thow in town." — N. T.
Herald.
And
AH San Fr&Bcisco Vote? It th<5 Finest Attrac-
tion of the Season.
MATINEE
TODAY.
Thia Week an4 Next W>ek Nightly. Including
Funday.
H»»nry "^ P«vape Announces the
MEEEIEST MUSICAL COMEDY,
PRINCE
OF
PILSBN
• P.y-rix>y and Iyud"»rs. Authors of King Dodo.
.- "YOU HAFSBNTFOBME-YES?"
MATIHXE EATUEDAY AND SXTCTSAT.
Evrry lady and rhild pre^pntpd with a sou-
venir pictur* of a popular Lilliputian at Satur-
day matlne*. Last Four Nights.
POLLARD LILLIPUTIAN OPERA CO.
LAST MOHTI
DOROTHY
TO-MORROW NIGHT
FRIDAY NIGHT & SATURDAY MATINEE,
Gilbert and Ruliivan> Comic C»i*ra.
. H.M.S.PINAFORE
Saturday Nirht. THE BFIXE OF NEW YORK
NEXT SUNDAY MATINEE, JAMES NEILL. tn
A GE.NTLI-MAN OF FRANCE
PRICES — Evening?". 10c. 2.V. r.0c. 75c.
Matlne**. lT>c. 2r^.
1 T n A 7 AD Brtaseo & Mayer,
ALCAZAK E pr r;r
_ General Manager.
UXPnECEDENTED SUCCESS OF
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Appe«rln« To-nirht. Saturday and Sunday
Evcntn«« and Saturday Matinee In
The Adventure of
Lady Ursula.
• THtTRS. MAT. and THURS. and FRI. EVGS..
D'ANNUNZIO'S GIOCONDA.
Evenings, 2te to 75c; Sat. Mat.. 15c to 60c.
Night Price* at Gloconda Matinee.
Next Monday — Last Week but On*.
MISS ROBERTS IN ZAZA.
TIVOLI'SSSS.
TO-ETGKT
Friday and Saturday Nignta.
BIZET'S GREATEST OPERA.
"CARMEN"
Clo* Marchesinl. Adellna Tromben. Emairoele
Xschierdo, Giuseppe Zanlni.
Thursday and Funflay Nirhts. Eat. Matinee.
Verdi's Lyric Drama,
"LA TRAVIATA"
(CAMILLE)
*Tlr.a de 8pa£», Giuseppe Ajostlni. Adamo
Greroretti.
Prices ax I'nual — 25c. COc, 75c.
Telephone Bush 9. '
W1—.B ¦ H ¦ ° m * Props.
Market «t., near Elrhth. Phono South 533.
TO-NIGHT— ALL. THIS WEEK.
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY MATINEES.
liouclcault's Famous Melodrama,
AFTER DARK!.
S ______ The River of Real Water!
H^ ll "rfc* f*lun«re for a Life!
U_4 fi_4 The Underground Railway!
H^ H The Lightning Express Train'.
{LJjLJ Dicey Morris' Dar.cehall!
Great Specialties!
iij,irCC EVENINGS 10c 10 .Vk3
1 J_r»X-« MATINEES 10c. 15c. 25c
• M&n-ay. September 28. Opening of L. R.
STOOKVTELL Engagement in Hoyt's "A Tem-
Weekly Cali J $i.66^er -Tear
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
SCIENCE SETTLES IT.
Dandruff Is Caused by a Germ That
Saps the Hair's Vitality.
It Js now a settled fact that dandruff
Is caused by a germ. Falling hair and
baldness are the result of dandruff. Dr
E. J. Beardsley of Champaign. 111., eot
hold of the new hair preparation. New-
bro's Herpiclde — the only one that kills
the dandruff germ. He Bays: "I used
Herpiclde for my dandruff and falling
hair, and I am well satisfied with the
result." Dr. J. T. Fugate of Urbana, 111.,
says: "I haye used Herplcide for dan-
druff with excellent results. I shall pre-
scribe It In my practice." Herplcide kills
the dandruff germ. Physicians as well as
the general public say so. Sold by lead-
ing druggists. Send 10c In stamps for
sample to The Herpiclde Co., Detroit
Mich. '
CASTORIA
Por Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the /Jff \ SZfjZ^T
Signature of (~*iaJ^ZK /&&
Palace don' t fail to
laiClW 8ce the beautiful
a COURT Lounging
flflfl room, the EMPIRE
uuu PARLOR, the
n * PALM ROOM, the
IfnUlu LOUIS XV PAR-
ui ttiiu LORf and the LA-
If^i/vU DIE S' WRITING
Hotels room.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
j^^^^^^^try special, unequaled va l-^%p§|&§£?$l
ww**^*^ Lies in home necessities.
• ||| You have never before seen prices so I
>|^1 low in Madras Curtains, Couch Covers,
,$yi Comforters and Arabian Lace Curtains. M
\\ Th's is the first general introduction of jjg
<*\ our Drapery Department to you and we 19
«£& want the impression to be a good one. fy£
. J # /[[ MADRAS CURTAINS \ f
fill I A new line of latest effects in striped Madras jB
\\h Curtains -t"5 a full line of colors; shipment just fjifii
t^fa $i 50 per pair, c triped Madras, special M* l 'j vm\
ij»f 52.00 per pair, striped Madras, special $1.25 a jHJ
'it! COMFORTERS M\
£jY\ S1.50 Extra quality Si!k<->!ine Comforter, filled if fil?
' vile ""^ ster 'l' zc< i cotton; pretty designs and color- \b£{
llty "'~-' ; ' Special for the week, 85c. «Jf5l
M LACE CURTAINS M
Putn A large line of Ecru and White Lace Curtains, rwf*
?••*?•, of good washable quality; 3 yards long by 50 jiiiu
Wllll inches wide. # __ slUn
(jllll $ 1 . j 5 Lace Curtains, special per pair. . . . . ««>c luW
4 I S300 Lace Curtains, special per pair. . .$1.7C> V Jr
\ % ,% $3-25 Lace Curtains, special per pair. . .2?2.O<) 7\<5?
•*<• $4-50 Lace Curtains, special per pair...?3.OO
ft ARABIAN LACE CURTAINS B
I ! Heavily corded Arabian Lace Curtains, in a El
j^ strong, heavy cable net. V
/ n oo Arabian Lace Curtains, special. .. .93.75 /\
/ H $8.00 Arabian Lace Curtains, special 95.00 lift
fl II $9.00 Arabian Lace Curtains, special $f>«25 VJi
w^r $10.00 Arabian Lace Curtains, special. .. .$6.00 ¥w
>^ COUCH COVERS f\
\ 3 Fine values; extra material, good wearing I y
\£ quality and soft, harmonious colors. \C
fji\ S300 Couch Covers for the week, special. 91«75 Ma
\u0r $^.00 Couch Covers, for the week, special. $2.7f»
ft ORIENTAL PORTIERES £$.
5^ ~*T Brilliant colors in Far Eastern designs — Sar- 5^\
\H*r acen, Afghan and Bagdad weaves. \ii&r
Yjr $12. co Special for the week $9.OO
A JUTE VELOUR X
/?j\ A heavy, luxurious portiere, the imported jute /ft!
f™\ velour. Made to last a lifetime. Price per pair.. K!',
fetal 945.OO Eft
£vj» FRENCH PANELS t|j
J 2iS3, Gobelin French panels, patterned after the <K^
1 r^ffi a , r ld famous Gobelin Mills of Marseilles. Price
7~£> "jr per pair $50.00 XvFrL}<
KJjgdC "THE CREDIT HOUSE," JMT^
Hmmi 233-235-237 Post Street. cfelksJ
Two-thirds of the inmates of our hospitals are women. They are in most cases either for treatment
or for an operation, made necessary by advanced stages of female troubles which have resulted in ovaritis^
a tumor, or displacement of the womb.
"AN OPERATION NECESSARY."
Hott these words after the examination strike terror to a woman's soul, and with what regrets sna
hears them, when she considers that the operation has become necessary through her own neglect. Femala
derangements cannot cure themselves, and neglecting the warnings of nature only means putting it off until
there is no cure. The woman who lets her trouble make headway pays the penalty of a dangerous opera-
tion and a lifetime of impaired usefulness at the best, and the operation often proves fatal when her life
might have been saved by Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
When women are troubled with irregular, suppressed or painful menstru-
ation, weakness, leucorrhoea, displacement or ulceration of the womb, that
bearing down feeling, inflammation of the ovaries, backache, bloating (or flatu-
lence), general debility, indigestion and nervous prostration ; or are beset with
such symptoms as dizziness, faintness, lassitude, excitability, irritability, ner-
vousness, sleeplessness, melancholy, and " want-to-be-left-alone " feelings, and
the blues, they should remember that there is one tried and never-failing
remedy; Lydia E. Pinkham's Compound at once removes such troubles.
READ THE FOLLOWING LETTERS.
•Dear Mrs. Pinkham: — I cannot tell you how much good you have done me and how thankful I
am to you for it. For five years I have not been free from pain for a day. I have had backaches, headaches,
and those awful dragging sensations with leucorrhcea, and when menstruation appeared I was in such a
condition I could hardly sit up. I doctored all the tune, but nothing helped me, and I was told that an
operation was necessary.
" Two months ago a friend suggested that I try Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. No
one knows what it has done for me and how thankful I am for it. It brought me the first well days I have
had for five years. It did for me what doctors could not do, and I want every suffering woman to know
about it."— Louise Katjeb, 761 E. 166th St., New York City. . «
"Dear Mrs. Pink ham: — I wish to thank you for whafc Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound
has done for me. I had terrible hemorrhages/being lacerated from the birth of my child. The doctor told
me that if I would have an operation I would be well and strong. I submitted to it, but was worse than
before : no one knows what I suffered. Finally a friend advised me to try your Vegetable Compound ; I did
so, and commenced to feel better ; I continued its use, and it has done for me what doctors could not do. I
am strong and well If women with any kind of female troubles would- only consult you before submitting
to an operation they would be spared many hours of pain and suffering. I cannot thank you enough for
what you have done for me. w — Anna Kirchhoff, 156 E. 100th St., New York City.
ft* rr g*i<f\g\ f\f\ FO R F E IT ** we cannot forth vita produce the original letter* and signatures of store testimonials, wile* trill proT»
\jMUUwiUU their absolute genuineness. LydU E. Plnkham Medicine Co., Jjjnm, Hal*.
WISE IS THE WOMAN WHO HAS FAITH IN
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
Fancy Vests $1.85
-•-. Fancy vests will be> worn more than ever this season. They are
certainly neat and dressy, and furthermore tone up a suit consider-
ably. ,
. We have fancy vesta of aJl kinds. In particular we mention our
I $1.85 Une. They are made of Dure worsted wool or silk matelasse. ,
either goods with woven silk figures In some color that harmonizes ;
with the ground; the colors are gray, tan. brown, black and navy. •
Gray Is very popular this year— we have It in a number of shades.
i vests are latest sinple-breasted cut with button pocket flaps. Our <•
I make — hence the low price. I3.0O Is the customary price for such vests.
Our price Is $1.83. 9
!! orders Wed fil/od-write us
i 740 Market Street
AMD3EMEST3.
CTVAT BACK! ifirS
If You Don't Buy Tour J S
Seats Early. •* »
PACKED TO THE DOORS.
Enormous Unprecedented Succe?s.
Greatest Comedy Opera In Years.
The IWitmark'sj
Chaperons
"We're All Good Fellows"
~* The Talk of the Town.
ORIGINAL AH^-STAK NEW YORK
CAST.
Unsurpassed Male Chorus.
Dazillnc Beauty Chorus.
Thla Week Only— Matlnoe Saturday.
>fli,«,l Sunday Night — Hojfs ,„-*&,
jH |J *-A TEXAS STEER." fi^ I
HOB A tiUjfUi g—Si B a I
E. AT r\U 1
MATINEE TO-DAY. WEDNESDAY. Sept. 23d
Paraquet. any seat. 25c: balcony, 10c; child-
ren, any cart except reserved. 10c.
Falke and Semon; Charles Ernest;
Mario and Aldo; Wood and Bay;
Frederic Bond and Company;
Arnesen; James Richmond Glen-
roy; Princess Losoros and E.
Boubsy's
Latest Eprtacular Novelty.
An Electrical Review In Four Tableaux.
The JaFt big Double Bill of Burlesques,
| "The Glad Hand" and "The Con-curers" I
Jjetm than two weeks
Our "All Star" Ca«t, Including,
KOLB AND DILL
BARNEY BERNARD
WINFIELD BLAKE
HARRY HERMSEN
MAUDE AMBER
ELEANOR JENKINS
Reserved Seat* — Xlghts, 25c, 8Oo and 75c.
Saturday and Sunday Matinees. 25c- and 50c.
Children at Matinees. 10c and 25c.
| SPECIAL I |
"THE PARADERS." our next great Musi-
cal Comedy, Monday, Oct. 6th.
JOHN LE CLAIR
The Artistic Comedy Juggler, and a
GREAT SHOW EVERY AFTERNOON AND
EVENING IN THE THEATER.
Inepect "CABARET DE LA MORT."
VISIT THE "MYSTIC MD3R0R MAZE."
LION SLAYING BABOON
IN THE ZOO!
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN. 6c.
When Phoning Ask for ".The Chutes."
MI3CEI.X.JtI!TEOPS AMUSEMENTS.
NEXT MONDAY AND TUESDAY.
September 28 and 29.
Special Matinee Next Tuesday. Sept. 23, '
TSE 32VEE.-X-MAIT COMPANY
, In sn Elizabethan Production of
SHAKESPEARE'S
TWELFTH NICHT
RESERVED SEATS— $1 60 and $1 now
on Mile at t-hrrman. Clay & Co.'s.220 yards, first heat— Mlddleton, O. H. 8.;
Isgreggr, B. H. S.; Wiley. L. H. S. 8econd
heat— Eldredge. B. H. S.; Vilaa, U. H. S.;
Beck, C. S. M. A.; Sheehan, O. H. 8.
440 yards— Corcoran, L. H. 8.; Jones, L. H.
S.; Dodson. C. 8. M. A.; Johns, C. S. M. A.;
Dykes, B. H. S.
100-yard dash, first heat— Middleton. O. H.
8.: Sullivan. L. h. S.: Warner. O. P. H. S.
Second heat — Veeper, O. H. S.; Schwartx, L.
H. 8.; Cheney. O. H. S.
THE semi-annual field day of tne
Bay Counties Atheletic Leagu*
will be held Saturday on. Berke
ley oval. Seven high schools will
b« represented in the lists by
strong: teams and exciting competition is
assured. Oakland High School, with Its
wealth of athletic material, is expected to
make a bold bid for the championship.
The entry list follows:
60- yard dash, first heat— Schwartz, I* H. S.;
Edwards, B. H. S. ; Cope. C. 8. M. A. ; Warner.
O. P. H. S. Second heat— Segal, B. H. S.j
Whitman, O. H. S.; Sullivan. L. H. 8.; Mason,
M. H. 8.
HIGH SCHOOL ATHLETES OF WHOM MUCH IS EXPECTED IX THE
SEMI-ANNUAL FIELD DAY OF THE BAY COUNTIES LEAGUE
TO BE HELD. SATURDAY AT BERKELEY.
Lundy carries largest stock 18-k. plain
rings In the city. 4 Third street •
Throughout the world about 3 per cent
of people gain th*ir living directly from
the sea. . . -
NEW YORK, Sept. 22.— "Bob" Fitz
simmons, when seen to-day in reference
to Corbett' s defl of yesterday, said: "I'm
ready to sign articleswith that fellow to
day, to-morrow or any other time. I
won't kick a* bit about anything in the
articles of agreement. All I will demand
Is that the fight be held before a year,
at any place." m*S$
Fitzsimmons "Calls" Corbett.
One of the best stories told of the late
Sir Andrew Clarke is the following:
At a dinner party one night he noticed
that the lady sitting next to him at table
passed a dish to which v he helped him
self plentifully.
He asked If she did not like it, as it
was excellent. She replied:
"Oh. yes, I like it: but my physician
forbids me to eat it."
"Stuff and nonsense," said Sir Andrew;
"it could not hurt any one. Who Is your
physician."
To whom the lady, whom the medical
magnate had forgotten, answered, with a
demure twinkle in her eye:
"Sir Andrew Clarke."— London Spare
Moments. .;'-'.,
Joke Was on the Doctor.
The hair of the head grows faster in
summer than In winter.
To Honor Sir Thomas Lipton.
Sportsmen throughout America are pre
paring to present a testimonial to Sir
Thomas LIpton as a mark of the high
esteem in which he 1b held in America. A
public meeting will be held to-night in
the red room of the Olympic Club to
form a committee of . yachtsmen and
others who favor the plan. The main
committee in New York has appointed
John D. Spreckels, William Greer Harri
son and F. E. Beck a sub-committee for
the city. / / V-;
The showing made by* Rector and Poca
telli last Sunday in the California Cours
ing Committee stake has stirred up so
much discussion that a match haa been
arranged. This will be the best three In
five courses at Union Park on Sunday.
The first of these trials will determine
the winner of the Coursing Committee
stake. The running will then be con
tinued until the match is decided.
A special meeting of the Interstate
Coursing Club will be held to-night in
Pythian Castle to arrange for the Califor
nia Futurity stake. This will be run on
Saturday -and Sunday at Union Coursing
Park. It is expected thirty-two grey
hounds will start.
of Courses-— Futurity Stake to
Be Drawn To-Night.
Pocatelli and Rector to Meet in Series
The regular boxing exhibition of the
Bay City Athletic Club will be held to
night In Mechanics' Pavilion Annex. The
principal bout will be between ¦ Joe
Thomas and George Braun.
Leader Gleason of the Olympic Club
has arranged some interesting - special
boxing matches for to-morrow night in
the club gymnasium for the members.
On Friday night the San Francisco Ath
letic Club will hold its regular exhibition
in the Sixth-street gymnasium.
Three Nights of Amateur Boxing.
CRACK GREYHOUNDS
IN A SPECIAL HATCH
Score of Eleven Points in
Short Time.
BERKELEY, Sept. 22.-The Freshmen
eleven had an easy time with the team
from the Polytechnic High School of San
Francisco this afternoon on the campus
of the University of California. The score
was 11 to 0. In the first half the fresh
men Bcored two touchdowns and a goal,
but could do nothing in the second half.
The first touchdown was made by Kerns,
who made a brilliant 75-yard run twelve
minutes after the ball had been put Into
play and got within a few yards of the
goal line. Boothe made the second touch
down ten minutes later. Saundera, the
Polytechnic High'School quarterback, dis
tinguished himself in the playing, as did
also Ah Lowe, a Chinese youth, who play
ed left guard. The line-up was as fol
lows:
Polytechnic. Position. Freshmen.
Laulhere Center HafTee
Anderson R G L Allen
LoTl * 1 L G R Jackson
Bkanlan R T L Clarke
Riordan L T R Seabury
McKlnsey R E L Camlnetti
Ashley L E R Davis
Martin (captain) R H L Crow
Goerl L H R Kern
Bonifield.^. Fullback Boothe
Saundprs Quarterback Sells
Coach AVhlpple changed the players
about a good deal in the second half, sub
stituting the following named for those
who had played in the first half: Bar
ton, center; Bowles, right end; Haley and
Eggens left tackle; Hanna, quarter back,
Gabriel, full back; Dyer, right half
University of California Men Pile Up
FRESHMEN ELEVEN DEFEATS
POLYTECHNIC HIGH SCHOOL
Race Results at Portland.
PORTLAND. Or., Seat. 22.— The fall meet-
Ing of the Multnom«.h Fair Association opened
to-day at Irvine-ton Park. Resulta:
2:23 trot — B*-lla<3i won, HUH second, Mark
Hannabus third. Time, 2:19. —
2:18 race — Beuearba. won, Portia Knight
eecond. Polka Dot third. Time. 2:16.
• Portland Hunt Cub special, four furlongs —
Adnocr won. Bis Dutch eeeond. Red Spinner
third. Tim*. :3O.
Five furloncs — Almoner won. dlvoso second
Hirtle third. Time, 1:02%.
Three and a half furlongs — Queen T tron.
Judge Thomas second, Classics tb'»-d. Time
:42.
One mile — Chub won. Ohio Girl tecend. Bur.
<3o<-k third. Time. 1:43.
Plx furlones — Remark won, Sol Uchtenstein
second. ThiFbe third. Time. 1:15.
LICK SCHOOL PROTEST
ALLOWED BY JUDGES
Field Day of the San Francisco
Athletic I/eague Is Awarded to
Its Representatives.
The protest lodged by the athletes of
the California School of Mechanical Arts
«L,ick School) against the Lowell High
School tcan^for fouling has been allowed
by the, judges of the San Francisco,Ath
letic League.
This decision gives the Lick School the
field day by eight points. The official
score is: L4ck, 63 points; Lo-welL 6L and
Polytechnic. 10. The Lick team made a
wonderful showing, breaking five of the
league records. The$e were the quarter
mile, half-mile, broad Jump, pole^ault and
hammer throw.
Starter — Anthony Cadagon. Timers — Tomp
klns. Brown. Norton. Rhodes. Horace Smith.
Judges of finish — James. Pond, Koch, Fisher.
Referee — Everett Brown. Clerk of course —
*Grlndley.' Inspectors — Smllee. Hockley, Mont
gomery. Field judges; — McKilllcan. Meany.
Woolsey. Meaaurere — Baccus. Inskeep, Weed,
Drew. Scorer — Krenz. Announcer — Gage.
Two-mile run— Cauldwell. O. II. S.;llassard.
O. H. S. ; Butler. O. H. S. ; Barnes. B. H. S. :
Gibson, C. S. M. A.: Maundrell. L. H. S.:
Meyer, L. II. S.; De Mamiel, L. H. S
120-yard hurdles, first heat— Melvin, O. H.
S. ; Kohlberg. L. H. S. Second heat— Sperry,
B. H. S.; Dozler; O. H. S.; Hamilton, L. H.
S*
220-yard hurdles, first heat — Sperry B II
S.; Kohlberg. L. II. K. Second heat—Hamil
ton. L. H. S.; Dozler. O. H. S. Third heat
Melvin. O. H. S. ; Hlrschmar.n. L. H. S.; Ma
son, M. II. S.
Broad jump— Williams L. H. S.- Corcoran
L. H. S. ; Vilas. L. H. S. ; Vesper O. H S ;
Melvin. O. H. S. ; Hutchlnson O H S •
Magrerstadt. C. S. M. A.: Evers. B. H S "'
High Jump — Mall, B. II. s. ; Baker 'o H.
S. ; Hutchlneon. O. H. S. ; Magerstadt C S
M. A. ; Williams. L. H. S. ; Blakeman, B. H S
Pole vault— Baker. O. P. H S.; Hutchlnson
O. H. S. ; Dozler. O. H. S.; Moullen. C. S.
M. A.; Hotchkiss. C- S. M. A.; Sperry. B. H
S. ; Eldredge. B. H. S.
Shot put — W»lam», L. H. S. ; Blakemore,
C. S. M. A.
Hammer throw — Blakeman B. II. S • Moul
len. C. S. M. A.
Relay— O. II. S.. C. S. M. A., U H. B.. B.
H. B.
The meet will be in charge of the fol
lowing officials:
By the New York Telegraph.
First race — Alcom It, Henry
Luehrmann Jr., Mendon.
Second race — Irene Mac, Miss
Manners, Miss Gould. t
Third race — Tony lapping, Rol
lick II, Morris Volmer.
Fourth race — Frank Bell, Father
Wentker, Theory.
Fifth race — Uranium, Avoid,
Light Opera.
Sixth race — Viccerne, El Caney,
Hegira.
DELMAR SELECTIONS.
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles, selling
— Whltmore 93. False 105. Silver Fizz 100.
Decoration OS. Hegira 90, Galanthus 95, Baird
lO.'J Viccerne 95, Varna Fonno U0, El Caney
103, Ladas 100, Our Lady 100, Bobul 103,
Goo Goo !>5.
ners 1O.">, Feronla 101. Blsuka 93. Marchioness
104, Miss Gould ION, Irene Mac 99. T'-ohoove 110.
Third race, one mile, selling — Dor.aml 92,
TrofesFor Neville 1TO, Duela 10O. Mcrrla Vol
mer 10:j, Ada N lor, Last Knight 110, Lasso
100, Rollick II 104, Tom Crabb 109, . Tony
Lepping 100, Kl Rey 105.
Fourth rare. kIx furlongs, handicap — Red
Ola 83. Albula 113. Father Wentker 10U, Theory
88. Optional 102. Frank Bell 119.
Fifth race, seven furlongs, pur<!* — Sardlan
103, Light Opera 100. Mlmo 100, Avoid 100,
Star Nova 100, Dan McKenna 10J, Barkelmore
10.J, Uranium 103.
¦ First race, five furlongs, selling — Elie 02.
Klowa Chief 102, Ponohartrain 05. Henry
Luehrraann Jr 105, Bandillo 1)5,' Alcom R 102
Mayor Miller- 105, Peach Juice 110, St. Caro
102^ Yenom 97, Launay 103, Mendon 107.
Second .race, six furlongs, selling — Maghoni
104, Aylmer Bruoe 99, Chit-kasha 104 Lady
Chariot 108, Detest 09, Eufalla 107, Miss Man-
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 22. — Delmar entries
DELMAB ENTRIES.
SIXTH RACE — One and an eighth miles;
soiling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 1— Branch II, 108 (Sheehan)... 2 4 In
7 to 2 — The Bobby, 102 (Sayers)... B- G. 48
8 to 1— Eliza Dillon. 02 fShoa) 6 .1 3 2
Time 1 :50. Ftart good. Won driving. Winner.
O. A. Crandall's br. g. hy King Galop — Brook
let. Little Lois 02, Cautious 07, Charles D 97,
Welch Girl 108, Jena 02, also ran.
Time, l:00*i. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, P. C. Schawacker's b. f. by Huron-
Armiel. Frank Collins 103. Black 0.'., Sou
friere inc. Allcarette 100, Flrbane 103. Matt
Wadlelgh 100, Lemon Girl 100, Thunderation
frS. also ran. *Disqualified for fouling.
FIFTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
Felling:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
•H to 1 — Our Llllie. 95 (Howell)... 2 1 1 h
3 to 1 — Atlas. 10O (George) 3 2 21
5 to 1 — Ocyrohe. 104 (Sheehan) 4 3 3 3
10 to 1 — L. F. Krilght. 10O (Shepi). 7 G 4 nk
Time, 1:29',4. Start poor. Won easily.
Winner, Mrs. H. Dernham's b. f. by . Free
Knight-Sarah Davis. Nearest 10ft, Helen Print
114, Straggler 109. Temptress 109. Gun Lanka
108, Irby Bennett 10C, Bessie B 85, Sallie Linn
85. also ran.
FOURTH RACE — Spven furlongs; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
7 to 1 — Spencerian, 85 (Shea) 4 4 11.
5 to 1 — Dynasty. 100 (Livingston). 10 3 2 2
13 to 1 — Leech, 93 (Hennessey).... 7 5 3n
THIRD RACE — Six and a half furlongs;
purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
b to 1— Pepper Dick. 107 (Louden). 2 4 11
2 to 1— Sting, 107 (Sheehan) 4 3 2n
7 to 1— Cotton Plant. 107 (Calvitt). 8 5 8 1
Time, 1:2.°»V4. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. P. H. Jones' b. g. by Ingolsby-Emma
Mac. The Four Hundred 107. Maple 102, Cer
tain 102. Celled Back 102, Alalla 107. Glilesple
110, John Morton 107, Winnebejour 110, Larue
107, also ran.
Time, 1:17. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, Tholl Bros', b. c. by Lamplighter-Mag
Ratture. Caybon 103.' Capitol 10G, Ponchar
train 103. Ryedale 103, Turranda 106, Ario 106,
Tom Olney 1(M5, Little Tlrate 108, also ran.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. "•; Fin.
0 to 1— Lampadrcme, lOtt (Calvitt). 2 4 1 n
S to 2 — Judge Dentcn, 106 (Shehan) « 1 2 1>4
8 to 1 — Port Warden, 10« (Niblack) 4 6 .T 8
Time, 1:22%. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, R. H. Olark & Co.'s b. m. by Free
nian-Ethel Gray. Quicksilver Sup 10^-. Belle
Simpson 107. Boyce Arnold lo". First 102. Ben
Bralnard 107, Salmus Io7, Amentum 10-, Rob
ert G 102, Nllcar 1O7, Pilaster 107, also ran.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 22,-To-day's Delmar
Park card was made up of quantity rath
er than quality. Although there was no
particular feature, some close ; finishes
were witnessed and Rood sport was en
joyed by the big crowd present.
In the fifth race Our Lillie swerved In
front of Atlas, shutting him off. For this
interference Our Liliie was disqualified
and the race given to Atlas.
The track was fast and the weather
clear. Summary:
FIRST RACK — tflx and a half furlongs; sell
ing:
Bating. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin
5 to 1— Emily Oliver. 107 (Mill-r). li .» 1 1V4
6 to 1 — Aransas. 1<>2 (Gullett) 1 1 2h
5 to 1— Donna lieila. lt)2 (Perkins) 0 4 82
Special Dtspatc-h to The Call
Stake Division Unrepre
sented in Delmar's
Races.
SELLING PLATERS
HIVE FIELD DAY
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 22.-The South
ern California Methodist Episcopal Con
ference completed Its labors to-day and
finally adjourned. Two events of Interest
to Methodists of Southern California oc
cupied the conference during its closing
hours. One was the division of th© Los
Angeles district, the new section to be
known as the Pasadena district, and the
announcement of the list of appointments
for the ensuing year. Presiding Elders
of the four districts in the Southern Cali
fornia conference were named as fol
lows: Los Angeles district, A. "W. Ad
klnson; San Diego district, "W. M. Sterl
ing; . Pasadena district, John Stafford,
and Fresno district, John R. Green. Fol
lowing are the appointments for the San
Diego and Fresno districts:
Fresno district— John R. Green, presiding
elder. Arroyo Grande, S. S. Sampson; Bakers
field. G. E. Foster: Delano, to be supplied;
Easton. Joseph. Blackledge; Estrella and Shan
don, A. H. Orr; Fowler, to be supplied-
Fresno. O. A. Miller; Glove and Piano, to be
supplied; Goleta, F. A. Zlegler; Grangevllle.
E. O. Harris: Hanford, W. C. Geyer; Kings
River and Lay ton, to be supplied; Lompoc and
Stewart. J. M. Rich; Nlpomo, to be supplied •
Paso Robles. George B. Cliff; Portervllle M*
S. McOee; Reedley, T. Hanna: Sanger to be
supplied; San Luis Obispo, A. E. Johnson- San
Miguel, W. H. Fulford; Santa Barbara. A In
wood; Santa Barbara circuit, M. A. Meazher
and C. W. Stowell: Santa Maria, William
Clague; Selma, J. M. Taylor: Sultana, J. M.
Richmond: Traver. to be supplied: Tulare H*
J. Crist: Vlsalia, C. A. Bunker: Waukuna to
be supplied: W. G. ¦ Lopeman and J ' M
Spaughleu, missionaries to South Africa.'
San Di«o district— W. M. Sterling, presiding
elder. Anaheim. Beda A. Johnson; Arlington
F. D. Ashlcleh; Artesia. I. E. Wright- Bin!
ning. E. Vaughn: Buena Park, to be supplied hv
John Rondell; Colton. I*. G. Spring: Corona R
Barton: Coronado, . to be supplied- Del Pooa"
C. W. Dane; Elslnore F. M. Moody': Escondldo
C. H. Lawrence; Falrview and Newport to be
supplied; Fallbrook. A. B. Embree; Fullerton
to be supplied by H. Roissey: Garden Grov"'
E. Hoskyn: Hemet and Florida. Georze »?-.?'
fen: High Grove. L. D. Lloyd; Highlands, w
G. Cowan; Imperial. . H. C. Mullen f ll Habra'
¦upplied by J. Lelmkuhter; Marietta, suppUed
by J. G. Jeffers; National City. W F vtVnv-
Oceanslde. J. R. Winchester, to be supplied:
Randsburg, J. D. Monroe; Redlaada R t
Bruce: Rialto J. C. Livingston; Riverside B
S. Haywood; Santa Ana. B. C. Cory: San Berl
nardlno. D. H. Glllan: San Diego. Central £
M. Crist: San Diego. First Church. E.J I?:
Methodist Episcopal Conference Held
in Los Angeles Completes
Its Work.
LOS ANGELES. Sept 22. — There was not
much choice between Hall and Graham to-day
except in the matter of steadiness. Hall was
wild and his numerous passes to first Allowed
Oakland to win the game by opportune hitting.
There was plenty of snap to the game from
the start and the closeness of the score kept
the crowd Interested. The feature was the re
markable f.elding and batting cf Toman. Ha
accepted eleven chances at short, the majority
of them being difficult, and handled everything
without a blunder. In addition he got two
doubles and two singles in four times at bat.
Score :
Los Angeles — I Oakland — "
AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R. H. P.A.
Hoy. cf.. 5 0 2 2 0 OHra.cf 3* 1 2 1 1
Whelr,2b 4 0 0 1 1 Deven.s 6 0 12 3
Smith. 3b 4 2 1 0 1 Shwtz.Jb 5 12 2 6
Spies, lb. 5 0 1 8 2jMurdk.rf 5 12 2 0
Cravth.rf 5 0 0 10 Kruger.lf 5 1 2 1 O
Hobs. If. 4 » 2 3 O Mesrly.lb 5 2 1 11 0
Toman, s 4 2 4 5 6|Mkmn.3b 3 2 0 0 1
Hurlbrt.c 4 0 14 0 Gorton, c 4 1 2 8 0
Hall, p.. 4 0 2 2 2 Graham, p .". 0 3 0 1
Totals. 39 7 13 27 12| Totals. 43 0 15 27 12
HUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles O220021O 0 — 7
Base hits 13 200430 0—13
Oakland 1 0 4 0 2 0 1 1 0—0
Base hits 2 2 3 0 2 13 1 1—15
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Devereaux. Hoy. Errors —
Murdock, Hurburt. Spies. Hall. Three-base hit
— Graham. Two-base hits — Toman (2), Gorton
and Hoy. First base en errors — Los Angeles
1. Oakland 1. First base on called balls — Oft
Hall. 5; oft Graham. I. Struck out — By Hall,
3; by Graham, 5. Left on bases — Los Angeles
S, Oakland 11. Double play — Schwartz to M«s
serly. Hit by pftcher — Moskiman, Ross.
Passed ball — Hurlburt. Wild pitches — Graham
2. Time — Two hours and five minutes. Um
pire — O'Connell.
SEATTLE. Wash., Sept. 22.— No game; Port
land team failed to arrive.
SOTJTHEBN MINISTERS
GIVEN APPOINTMENTS
a Victory
Avails of Hall's Wildness to Bat Out
OAKLAND TAKES A GAME.
San Francisco — ] Sacramento — '
AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R. H. P. A.
Lynch.lf 4 0 0 0 0 Oasey.2b. 4 12 5 4
Meany.rf 3 0 12 OrHilbrd.lf .110 3 0
Irwln.Sb 4 0 10 2'MLgln.rf 2 0 0 0 0
Zearfoa.c 3 0 1 10 3 K^nn.s.. 3 1 1 1 ,1
Krug.cf. 3 0 0 0 l|Shehn.3b 4 2 3 3 3
Pabst.lb 3 0 0 8 3 Doyle.cr . 3 112 1
Delms.2b 2 0 0 5 3 Grahm.c. 3 0 10 2
Raymd.s 3 0 113 Hogan.lb 2 0 O 12 1
O'Brlen.p 3 0 0 11 Fitzgld.p 3 0 0 13
Kfefe.rf 2 0 0 0 0
Totals 23 0427 16
Totals 29 C S 27 10
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 0 1 4 0 1 0 0 0 0 — 5
Base hits 0 0 3 1 2 0 2 0 0—8
San Francisco 0 0 0 O 0 0 O 0 0 — 0
Base hits 101 10010 0 — (
SUMMARY.
Stolen base* — Doyle (2). Casey. Sheehan.
McLaughlln. Errors — Delma?, Egan. Kru«.
Throe-base hit — Casey. Two-base hit — Shee
han. Sacrifice hits — Hlldebrand. Hogan <2).
First base on errors — San Francisco 1. Sacra
mento 1. First basre on called balls — Off
O'Brien 6. on* Fitzgerald 2. Left on bases —
San Francisco 4. Sacramento «. Struck out —
By O'Brien 5. Hit by pitcher — Doyle. D«?!mas.
Double play — Egan to Ca=ey to Hogan. Time
of game — 1:60. Umpire — McDonald.
Twas dead all the time, with no sensa
tions to vary the monotony, save the
steady pitching of Fitzgerald and the
even steadier support accorded him by
his teammates.
O'Brien was very wild and his curves
were never so effective as to fool the
Senators whenever they wished to hit
him. In the awful third he started bad
ly by hitlng Doyle. Delmas erred and
then followed hits and errors and bases
on balls, all of which aided the Senators
to make four runs. This gave them a
start that was as good as the game.
Fitzgerald was good at all times and
the home team never really had a chance
to score on him. He had the speed and
the curves and most of all— the luck. This
stayed with him till the end and helped
him out of many tight places. The score:
The game was something like the ones
that "are generally played on the Oakland
lot and that is not saying much In its
favor.
It took the Senators just one inning,
the third, to r«t familiar with the kind
which Mr. O'Brien had with him. yes
terday at Oakland baseball grounds.
When this had passed the score was 5 to
0. The Senators made one more ere the
game finally came to a peaceful close,
but not one of the native talent ever
rounded the last tnrn.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
W. U.Pot.1 TV. UPet.
Los An*eles.97 57 .631 Portland 66 SI .44S
San Fran 88 75 .031 Seattle 64 P4 .431
Sacramento. 82 74 -52S Oakland 72 85 .430
HAWTHORNE SELECTIONS.
By the Chicag-o Inter Ocean.
First race— Sky Pilot, Otto Stifel,
Alice Commoner.
Second race — Moranda, Snowdrift,
Oliver Mac.
Third race — Auditor, Eockaway,
Redan.
Fourth race — Bay Wonder, Fair
Lady Anna, Glenrice.
Fifth race — Major Tenny, Our Bes
sie, Airliglit.
Sixth race — Paul Whaley,
Planudes, St. Tammany.
CHICAGO Sept. 22. — Hawthorne entries:
First rare, four and a half furlonxs — The
Hebrew US, Klne Nutter 113. San Remo 113.
Otto S-'tefel 11.". I>anark 113, Sky Pilot 113. C.
d Hutfhinson 113. Enverite 113. Bad B:rd 110.
Alice Commoner 110, Delemont 110. Annora J
11« Leila 1H>. RUn 110. Virginia Uoy 110.
Second race steeplechafe. chort oour>«>, hand
icap— Oliwr Mac J44. Mnrar.da 13P. V.acatlara
134. Heber 132, Snowdrift 127. Creolin 125.
Tlvrd race, six furlonzs. handicap — K=dan
11« Sir 1-o.unoelot 115, Moabina 115. Rockaway
li:;' Auditor 110.
l : ourth race, seven furlong?, spiling — First
<h;p 105 ?afe°iianl 102. John Lemons 102.
t*dy UatehleSB 1"-. Duchrrs Hanna If to, TioKa
I'jti Fair Lady Anna '.f.t. Siloain DO, Bay Won
der 88 Jllrlam W 99, Glenrlce t<7. Bellr- Ma
1-one *.i7. LamSoin Flyer 94, Naulahka 94.
Fifth race one and a quarter ml'.es, t-ellin^—
Barrark 99 I-itUe Elkln 90, Marion Lynch 96,
Majur Ter.ny '.»«, Haviland 96, Our Bessie 91,
Sixth race, one mile — O'Hagren 107. Planudes
10S Federal 102. Pat Morrissey 102. Galathe^
HK>' Jam*? J. CorUtt 100. Kthel Wlirut !I7.
Paul Whaley 'J7, Tammany 97, Fingal Vi,
Kjbunta '•>'. Marshalsea !»7.
HAWTHORNE ENTRIES,
SIXTH RACK — One mile: purse:
netting. Horse Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
1 to 1— Brush By. 99 (Wilson) 3 1 In
« to .V-Wainamoinen H*> (Brdwl) 2 2 2 5
5 to )— Birch Broom. K» <Bonner) 5 5 3 4
Time 1 HI 8-5- Start koo<1. Won drlvlnff.
Winner B. C Hildreth's b. f. by Ben Brush-
Atala Banana Cream »9. Lfmro 101, also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Six furlonp?: purse:
n^ttins. Horse. Wcipht. JfK-key. Si. % Fin.
15 to 1— Cognomen. 102 (WHson*. 12 11]
7 to 10— Don Dorr.o 117 (Fcrr«l!). 4 12 3
4 to 1 — Cascine. KM'. (Otis) 6 3 3 1
Time 1:14 :5-r>. Start Rood. Won easily.
Winner S C Hildreth's ch. f. by Knight of
the Thistle-Onoma. Edward Hale 103. Sweetie
102. Katie Powers 102. Apollinaris 102, Irish
Swede IOj, also ran.
FOI'RTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles;
Felling:
Betting. How Weight Jockey. St. *i Fin.
« to 1 — Frivol ' f»G < J. Williams) . . S 3 In
12 to 1— putch' Carter. 00 (Philips) .112 1
'8 to 0 — Carat. 102 (Wilson* i> ' 5 3
Time 1 :4S 2-. r i. Start grood. Won driving.
Winner, Ca«s i Morgan's ch. f. by St. Charles-
Jilt. l>'enja 101. Omdurman 99. Antolee 101.
Ivernia 101, Bard of Avon Dti, also ran.
THIRD RACE — One mile; handicap:
UrttinR. Horse Weight Jockey. St. Fin.
C to 5— Hanris. '105 iReifT) 1 3 1 1>A
5 to 1 — l)r StT'^ens, H^i (Irvin).. 5 1 '2 h
6 to 1— Louisville, 06 (H. Phillips) 3 2 3 1
Time 1:42 2-."i. Start good. Won handily.
Winner. . E. Corrlsan's ch. c. by Hanover-Ex
tra. Warte Nlcht 1C3. Proceeds l»4, Bard Burns
94, also ran.
Time. 1:14 :t-5. Start good. Won pulled up.
Winner. L R. Slre'e b. f. by I^acohatohee-
Harlem. Nerrator 112. Red Raven 109, also
ran.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. Pt. % Fin.
S to 5 — Ancke. 109 (Buchanan)... 1115
» to 5 — Orfeo. 109 (Itelff) 4 4 2 4
12 to 1 — Ahola. 109 «T. Dean)...t. 2 3 3 nk
The heavy bettors got a terrific jolt
when Hildreth's Cognomen easily beat
Don Domo In a six-furlong event.
The track was fast, the weather clear
and hot and the attendance good. Sum
mary:
FIRST RACB— Fire 'furlongs; eelling:
Betting. Horse. V\'eig-ht. Jockey. St. %. Fin.
f> to 1 — Hoceo. 9S (Coleman). .^. 4 1 1 %
K to 3 — Tokalon 103 (Knapp).^.ll 8 2 It
30 to 1— Miss Mollle. 9S (Nichols). 10 5 :{ h
Time. 1 :02 2-5. Start good. Won handily.
"Winner. Burns & Y\'aterhouse's b. t.- by Take
Xotlce-Happy Maiden. Oudon 111. Apple 101.
Ktieenie B KB. Touchstone JOt;. Shaitan 103.
Foresight K-9. Instrument. 10G. Lawndale 103,
nequlmis 1U0. Sol Smith 10»t, also ran.
Hargis, backed from 13 to 10 down to
6 to 5. broke In front and hold that ad
vantage to the middle of the back stretch,
where • Beiff took him back. He looked
beaten at the far turn, but as the field
swung: wide turning for home Relff
brought Corrlgan's horse through on the
rail and forct?d to tfie front, winning
easily by a length and a half.
CHICAGO. Sept. 22.— Harris won tho
feature event of the Hawthorne card to
day, which was a mile handicap for all
ages. Dr. Btephens was second and Louis
ville third.
Special Difpatch to Th« Call.
Fifth race — Charlie Fisher, Mor
della, Short Cake. f .
Sixth race — Young Henry, Mc
2ileek:n, Hoodwink.
First race — Ice Water, Outcome,
MeiBtersiager.
Second race — Fulminate, Amur,
Haailian.
Ttdrd race — Eace King, Divina
tion, Lady Amelia.
Fourth, race — Major Daingerfield,
"Warranted, Surmise.
CKAVESEOT) SELECTIONS.
By the New York Telegraph.
Sixth race, cne and a sixteenth miles, eell
in«—Our Nugget 01. Hoodwink 105, Khltai lo:>,
McMcekin lWi, Swamplands W>, Tribes Hill
111. Ella Snyder 37, Ethics 100, Rcrai Pirate
82. Kinsralne 10G, Stroller 104, Kn:>,'ht of the
Garter 101. Young Henry 111. Eslierin 104.
GRAVESEIH) EirTEIES.
NEW YORK, fiept. 22. — Grave?«-nd entries:
First race, about fIx furlont-s. hlRh-wclRht
handicap — Colonel Bill 140. Wealth 1.J4. For
ward 12t>, Damon lit, April Shower llo. Mono.
prajjh 115, The Captain 115, i'entaur 112, Ice
W&ttr 110, Outcoine 110. Little Ja- k llorner
110, SaJvatella 111, l'.iKerta 1W<, Captirator los,
MeiEtersir.ger 10<i, Elidell lot;. Tbibtle Heather
ltKJ. Memorlara 102. Her.ry Clay Rye KM.
Second raw, about two mlki., -st^epleihase.
fellint; — Perion 10-'!. Fulminate ir>4. Amur 15o.
liounder 150, Oayear 15(.», Maniliau 15-5, Gart
narali&n id
Tt-.:rd ract*. about e;x furiones thp Holly
handicap. two-y«-ar-olds — The Minute Man 12"»,
I"ulsu» 126. I>a.ly Amelia 1^2. Tur<juoise Blue
JI4, Urenade U2, Itao- Kine 13-. St. Valentine
110. Divination 10>. Wotan 1"". Jacguin 107.
Requlter 1<>*, liatt* 102, Crown J'rince Io7,
gweet Grctctea 11U.
Fourth race, one and a ha'.f miles, handicap
— Major Dairserlield ISO. Hunter Raine llil.
Furmise 1OX, Sheriff 1^-11 I".*, Star Chamber
l'C Warrameu IOO. Janvwar ifj, Ltcrd Turco
S8. Gold Bell *>7. Ci:arawind S7.
Fifth race. al>out six furlonjE*, two-year-o!ds,
selling — The Bowerj' K. Monet 1O."», Hydrangea
M, Short Cjike 91, Avenper 105, H-Uo 104. Hob
Murphy 109. TendercreFt 94, Sneer 04. Eagle
JCK5 Banderllla 1*1. Charlie Fisher -ji. Mor
della iH.
FIXTH RACE — Handicap for three-year-oJds;
one and a sixteenth miles:
B»ttlnK. Horee. Weight Jockey. St. ? 4 Fin.
i* to 2— Duke Kendall. 113 (Fuller) 2 4 1 h
5 to 1— Sir Voorhies, lf«5 (Boieser.) 3 2 2 1
25 to 1 — Colonsay. !>t> (O'Cor.nor).. a 5 3 3
Time, 1 :47. gO'")d. Won driving. Win
ner E. R. Thoma«' br. <¦. by Pir Modr«-.l
r>uchesa of Kendall. Lrader 1O>, Short'.iuse
12W. Sir Troubadour BO, also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Selling; for maiden f»o
ytar-oids; about six furlongs:
Belting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. a; Fin.
3 to 1 — Emergency, ltVj (Gannon) 1112
£.". to 1 — Telephone. 112 liiuIlmaiD 4 2 2 2
SO to 1 — Mist; Melton. 109 (Coohrri) 3 5 3 \£
Time. 1:11 1-5. »t?tart fair. Won driving.
Winner. L. V. Bell's l». g. by LSalhainptoii-
CrlEis. Donnelly 1O7, HeUman l<>4. Dutiful
J07. Fla? OfMcer 112 Fort Tlain 112, Game-
Stress 109. Virginia K Ktt. Revelation 104,
fcinylock 109. aifo ran.
FOTTRTH RACE— The Occidental handicap;
one and an «ighth miles:
Betting. Horse. Weipht. Jockey. St. s i Fin. '
13 to 5— Oaughnawaga. 114 <Odom) 3 2 1 h
11 to 5 — Hurstbounif. 100 (Redfrn) 1 .1 2 5.
So to 1 — Himsrlf. 05 (O'Brien) 2 1 3 5
Time, l;r.2 0-5. Start very bad. Won driv
ir.K. V.'inr.er. J. Sanrord'e ch. c. by Clifford-
La Toica. Klrer Pirate H*>. Charles Elwood
lC*i. Warranted Do, also ran.
THIRD RACE— The Sea Breeze Felllns
-:..•- for three-year-olds; one and a sixteenth
mllee:
BottlnR. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *; Fin.
5* to 5 — Wild Thyme, loo (ONVU1) 1 ,2 1 h
'-* ti> 2 — Itc*>tand 101 <K«-ed) 3 i 2 IS
•2. to 1— Payne. 107 <R<df.rn) '2, 4 S 4
Time. L:M 4-.">. Start good. Woa driving.
Winner. A Miller's b. f. by Ben Krcsh-Roee.
FherifC BeU 113 aifo ran
SECOND RACE— Handicap for two-ycar
oldg; about six furlongs;
Ji-Uing. Horse. Wrjght. Jockey. St. aj Fin.
y to fi — Armenia. 115 <Redr«?rn).. 2 'J 1 h
£0 to I DifU Jlav.-r. 107 (Gray).. 7 7 2 1
K to 1— Euphrata, 1(X« (Gannon).. 4 4 3 1*
Time. 1:10 3-5. Start bad. AVoa driving.
Winner. W. C. Whitney's ch. f. by MedUler-
I'rarja. Blythenots 'M. Maseda 1C3, To;>ic 108
Tim Payn* 110. Ed Tiernty 115, Panique lli.'
liobadil 110, alfo ran.
The last race was tainted with foul.
Shortly after passing the Judges' stand on
the way to the f.m turn there was a col
lison between Shorthose, Colonsay and
leader. The race was won by Duke of
Kendall, upon which Fuller made a aliort
turn into the stretch and thereby landed
the purse. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Selling; about eIx furlonss:
Betting. Hc> r s«>. Weight. Jockey. St. * 4 F.n
. to .">— Kin* iv rper> jio (Fuller) 1 i 1 h
11 to 6— \ an >T.y=s. 1M <OW<;il). 0 3 2 tt
_<> to 1— rr-.n. Tulane. P9 .Wilk>n) 3 6 3 h
„ *??• ~ :1< '\ . Marl P°° r - Won driving. Win
r.w. F. Farrcll s ch. p. hy Kumaka-Onevieve
Demurrer 111. Countorpolst W Xrither One
K*. Locfcet 101. Trinity 13*1! Ju3 Julia Jun
kins us. Caterpillar US. Tim L> Jr. 10e Lord
of the Manor na also ran.
Without doubt the worst start seen this
year, judging from Its effect on the pub
lic, was la the Occidental handicap, for
which there were only six starters. Of
these Charles Elwood, the favorite, and
"Warranted, an outsider, were left at the
post and only four of the eix took part In
the race.
GRAVESEXD, N. T., Sept. 22-Hardly
a race decided at Graves/- nd to-day couia
be said to have been truly run, because
of the exceedingly bad starting and re
peated exhibitions of foul and question
able riding. After one race Higgins, the
lightweight rider, wa* conveyed to the
jockey-room with the toes of his left foot
broken, bruised flesh protruding through
the torn boot.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
In the preliminaries Jerry Fairchild was
given the decision over "Tanglefoot" Me-
Govern. Tho latter's seconds tossed a
towel in the ring in the fourth round.
George Brown of the West Oakland Ath
lptic Club was given the decision over
Young McConnell of the Reliance Club
In a ten-round bout that went the limit.
Feinting and clinching with a few light
lefts and right hooks by Cordell and ex
pert ducking by Angelli marked the open,
lnj? round. Ir. the second Jack sent home
a right stomach wallop and missed sev
eral rijrht uppercuta aimed at the jaw.
Joe had the tall fellow's head under his
arm at the gong. Angell hammered Cor
dell to the ropes with a volley of blows
at the opening of the third, but Jac^was
doine: the better milling at the close.
In the fourth round Cordell landed a
straight left on Angeli and floored him.
Joe was up with a bound and at hla man
viciously when corners were sounded.
Cordell brought the gore from Argeli" i
nose in the fifth and thereafter kept con
stantly Jabbing the sore organ. Joe came
out fest in tho sixth and sent several
rights to the face, bewildering Cordell.
This was the Italian lad's round. Both
were wild at tha commencement of the
seventh round, which ended In a slug
ging bee. Angell raised Cordell with body
punches in the eighth, but appeared to
tire toward the close. The ninth and
tenth were even, both boys fighting scien
tifically and Inflicting little noticeable
damage.
Cordell did some body punching In the
eleventh. In the twelfth Ansell wobbled
from an onslaught of right uppercuts and
slackened his pace for a breathing spell.
Tne thirteenth saw the swarthy boxer
hammer Cordell fiercely. Both resorted
to clinches in the fourteenth. Angell
rushed at the outset of the fifteenth and
for three minutes there was no surcease
of walloping.
Behind Cordell were Spider Kelly. Tim
McGrath and Ted "Wolfe. In Angeli's cor
ner were Eddie Hanlon. Harry Foley and
Fred Sanders.
Cordell had the advantage In height and
reach and displayed more devernesa than
did his opponent, but the little Italian
pugrilist was always on the firing Jlne
ready to meet the best shots hia oppo
nent sent and to turn loose his own bat
teries that were far from weak. Angeli
played continually for Jack's Jaw with
uppercuts. but Cordell's stature raado It
difficult for the shorter fighter to do much
execution In that direction. There were
many slam-bans mix-ups during the fif
teen periods, usually commencing a short
time before the bell.
Jack Cordell and Joe Angell failed to
prove which Is the superior at tha game
of fisticuffs In a flfteen-round bout last
night before the Reliance Club, Oakland.
It was a fast, fierce fight from start to
finish, and Referee Eddl© Smith'* declar
ation that honors were even was received
with general satisfaction.
Senators Cinch Result by
Landing Four Times in
the Third.
Many Exciting Mix-Ups Mark
the Work of Clever
Lightweights-
Cognomen Runs Over Don
Domo in a Six-Furlong
Sprint.
Favorite in Occidental Han
dicap Is Left at the
Post.
Easily Leads at End
After Once Appear
ing Beaten.
Fitzgerald Fools Home
Sluggers in Every
Round.
Angeli and Cordell in a
Great Fifteen-Round
Bout.
Unsatisfactory Racing
at the Gravesend
Track.
POOR STARTING
AND FOUL RIDING
WHITE COATING
FOR UNCLE HANK
MILE HANDICAP
WON BY HARGIS
DRAW DECISION
FOR FIGHTERS
YOUNG ATHLETES TO MEET
ON BERKELEY CINDERPATH
Semi-Annual Field Day of the High Schools Forming the Bay
Counties Athletic League Is Expected to Result in Exciting
Competitions, Seven Teams Being in the Field for Track Honors
SPORTS OF THE TURF, THE FIELD AND THE CINDERPATH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1903.
880-yard run— Baker, O. H. S. ; Dodson, C.
S. M. A.; Miller. B. H. S.; Patterson, B. H.
B.; Tost, L. H. S. : Lewis, L. H. S.
One mile run — De Mamiel, L. H. S. ; Meyer,
L. H. S. : Maundrell, L. H. S.; Gibson, C. S.
M. A.: Kruse. B. H. S.; Hassard, O. H. S.;
Baker, O. H. S.; Cauldwell, O. H. S.
8
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"Fairly Sparkling in Beer Goodness"
tsJCsOO D cJ U D G E S^
OF BEER, DECLARE
Superior from all points ef
?lew; Possessing absoluts par-
ity, proper age and Honest
riaror. Adapted, to all taates
according- to Brew and, Brand.
EXPORT mm PRIVATE STOCK MUE5CETCR
Ask for "BJiATZ" at Club or Bar.
YAL BLATZ BREWING CO., MILWAUKEE
Braunschweiger & Co., me.
5 and 7 OR VMM ST., San Franchco,
Tel. Main 1848. Wholesale Dealer*.
®Vim, Vigor, Vitality for Men.
MORMON BISHOP" 3 PllJ.a
nave beta In use over fiXVjr
years by tha l«ader» of th*
Mormon Church and their
follower*. Positively cur. th-»
worst cases In old and yours
arlslirf from effects of •*•'-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette «raclcln8;. Curs Lost
Manhood. Impot-ney. Lost
Power. Xlsht Losses Insom-
nia, i-alua Jti Back. Evil Desires. Lama ttac*.
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unnta«»» to Mar-
ty. Lobs of Semen. s VarJcocels or Con-
stipation Stop Ner **) fJ vous Twitching of
EyelKls. Ettscts *r«/T-^si JmmedIat «: 1"^*"
vigor ard rotencyCE/* T 3 to every function.
Don't i-tt despondent, a cure is at hand. Re-
store small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers: 50c a box: 6 for
(2 BO by mall. A written stiarantee to cure, cr
money refunded with 6 boies. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDT CO.. 40Eiiis it.,
San Francisco. Cal. GRANT DRLO CO.. ii
and 40 Third st.
QTfc tk tit TX UttTi'ft 'Ms J *^ J *^-*B> J
d visit DR. JORDAN'S crcat4
{museum of mmm\
\ *TJjf The Laree^t Anatomical Mmeum in the \
A £^L* Worn!. v7e»kB««e» o» *ny contracted ft
' S^^35 <l ; *«" e p*«l««»»'T«'»rtMi tir oldest *T
Q JjS bptcii.ist on ihs C(M«. E«r. jirnii O
A &~j$9l D3. JORDAH-DISEASES OF HVA A
\ »€*H^9 fr:e »nd itnrtiy prirjtp. T
T a C? TBt 1} Fwiom Curtm ererycas* undertakes. T
SrJ IS Wntef-.r B -•*. I*«IIl.O«»O»»BIlf •» A
I fl |j valuable book for mra) \
9 DB. JOKDA.Ti * CO, 10S1 Market St. S. F. V
Jp^ Those snfferinsr from weak-
Bs*r nesses which sap the pleasures
¦ 1 ¦ of life should take ,Tu-(ren Pills.
i5i One bottle will tell a story of
marvelous results. This medicine has more
rejuvenatin*. vitalizing force than has ever
been offered. Sent by mail in plain package
only on receipt of this adv. and SI.
Made by its originators C. L Hood Co.. pro-
prietors Hood's Saraaparilla. Lo-weiL Mas*,
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THK
Great Mexican Remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual or cans. Depot, 32J narks'.TOPEKA. Kans.. Sept. 22.— The Smith
County officers have not yet eucee'eded In ap
prehending Thomas Madison, the supposed
murderer of three women In that county last
Tuesday night.
The tackling o'f criminals calls for many
qualities, but it is after the arrest of a
suspected criminal, says T. P.'s Weekly,
that the most subtle part of the French
detective's art is called into play. The
French authorities do not consider a case
against an accused man complete, unless
he has actually confessed his guilt, and it
is to the agents of the Surete that the
magistrates look to obtain this conclusive
proof. A detective makes' friends with the
prisoner, pretends to sympathize with him
In his* trouble and tells him that it .will
certainly ease his mind if he makes a
clean breast of the whole affair. Or he
works on his feelings by kindness. It is
usual at the Surete to give the prisoner a
good lunch and to take advantage of his
resultant expanslveness to get him to
talk. It may be remarked that though
prisoners are led to believe that their
confession will be taken into account by
the Judges and Jury in apportioning sen
tence, In practice the contrary is the case.
The man who confesses is lost. This fact
prompted' a notorious murderer named
Avinain to address to the public at his
execution this supreme recommendation,
"Gentlemen, never confess!" — Baltimore
Herald.
Criminals' Confessions in France.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
BERKELEY, Sept. 22.— The senior election
will be held to-morrow, when the following
candidates will be voted upen: For president.
Miss Virginia Whttehead and Miss Tallulah
Le Conte; for first vice president, Miss Frances
French; second vice president. Miss M. W.
Leale: secretary. Q. 8. Young; sergeant at
arms, H. GreensfelderA R. Thelen, P. Thelen
and Philip M. Carey. I
Fred L. Johnston. '04, has teen elected
editor of the California Journal of Technolory,
to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation
of Robert Slbley, '03.
The Most Rev. George Montgomery," co
adjutor to tho > Archbishop of San Francisco,
and Ben Greet, . manager of the English com
pany of players that,, presented "Everyman,"
will be the speakers at the university meeting
Friday morning. The meeting will be held
In the amphitheater.
The directors of « the Boating Association
have called a meeting for 4 o'clock to-mor
row afternoon In room 15,. North Hall, when
matters of importance in connection with boat,
ing will be discussed. :;',
I/ate Shipping Intelligence.
SAILED.
Tuesday, September 22.
Stmr Cella, Norberg, Mendoclno.
DOMESTIC PORT.
PORT BLAKELY— Arrived Sept 22— Fr ship
Mcidel.ilne. from Seattle; schr Inca, from Nome.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Sept 22— Stmr Pre
toria, from New York, for Cherbourg and Ham
burg, and proceeded.
BTJUiDER RECEIVES FATAL
INJURIES FROM A FAZX
Thomas Barret Meets With Accident
Which Will Result in His
Death.
At the building at Ninth and Market
streets now in process of construction
Thomas Barret, the contractor, fell from
the second story to the cellar yesterday
afternoon. In falling he struck against
the supports of the lower floor and * re
ceived injuries that will prove fatal.
Barret was taken to the Central Emer
gency Hospital, where he was treated by
Drs. Stone and Hartley. They gave no
hope for his recovery. The injured man
was about to quit work for the day when
the accident occurred.
Deaf Mutes to Marry.
William H. Tripp, a deaf mute, secured,
a marriage license yesterday to marry
Isabella Hennessey, who Is also a deaf
mute.. The marriage will take, place at
St. Peter's Catholic Church. Tripp was
accompanied by his brother, who gave
the prospective , groom's residence as
Stockton, and that of Miss Hennessey aa
3024 Twenty-fifth street, this city. i'.^f
STEUBENVILLE. Ohio, Sept. 22.— In the
Sixteenth District Republican Congressional
Convention to-day Caleb L. Weems of Belmont
County was nominated to succeed Congress
man J. J. GUI.
NEW YORK, Sept. 22.-For the first
time in twenty-one years a general strike
has been decided on by the Piano and Or
gan Makers' International Union of
America in the piano factories of Stein
way Sons, in Steinway, L. I.; Astoria,"
L. I., and New York, to compel the firm
to employ only union men.
Piano Makers May Strike.
PITTSBURG, Pa., aept. &.— it waa
learned to-night from an authentic
source that charges have been preferred
by Iron City Lodge of Pittsburg against
President T. J. Shaffer of the Amalgamat
ed Association of Iron, Steel and . Tin
Workers. He will be tried in the near
future. Shaffer declines to dlscusa the
matter.
Charges Against Shaffer.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND. ; Sept. 22.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Julius R. Bailey,
aged 52 years, San Jose, and Leoline Hop
kins, 36, San Francisco; Charles Neuman,
over 21, and Ella Powers, over 18. both
of Oakland: Herman Friedberg, 43, and
Johanna Peterson. 39, both of Oakland;
Frank S. Gordo. 33, and Sarah Du Pont,
28, both of Oakland; Edmund Herczel, 36,
and Annie Wolf, 34, both of San Fran
cisco: William A. Blare, 26, and Florence
M. Hambleton, 21, both of Oakland; David
Greenberg, 25. and Matilda Rothstein. 22.
both of Oakland; Daniel W. Cooper, 27,
and Alpha L. Jenkins, 23, both of Chico.
New Physical Director Arrives.
OAKLAND, Sept. 22.— E. E. Bliss of
Cleveland. Ohio, arrived last evening to
assume the direction of the physical cul
ture class of the Toung Men's Christian
Association. He succeeds W. Q. Lennert,
who recently resigned.
A pedestrian at the corner ran after
the automobile and told the young lady
of her danger. The chauffeur stopped the
vehicle, took off his coat and. throwing
It around Miss Lawton. smothered the
flames. After some clever manipulating
in rearranging her burnt garment the
actress proceeded on her way to dinner.
Eugenie Thais Lawton. leading lady at
the Central Theater, while riding in an
automobile yesterday afternoon, narrowly
escaped being seriously burned.
Miss Lawton was on her way to a
downtown restaurant with her escort.
When near the corner of Mason and Mar
ket streets a spark from the engine fell
on her dress and in a moment the gar
ment was afire.
Eugenie Thais Lawton, Leading Lady
at Central Theater, Meets With
Peculiar Accident.
SPARK FROM AUTO SETS
FIRE TO RIDER'S DRESS
Takes Opium Into Jail.
OAKLAND. Sept. 22.— Lee Bang, a Chi
nese, was caught in the act of smuggling
opium done up in cigar wrappers to some
of his countrymen in the County Jail
here to-day by Sheriff Bishop and Jailer
Harry Clark and will be prosecuted for
Infraction of the statute which forbids
the smuggling of drugs into a prison.
Mrs. Denobra Dismisses Suit.
OAKLAND, Sept. 22.— Mrs. Mabel Deno
bra to-day dismissed a complaint in a
divorce suit she had begun against Jo
seph Denobra. The County Clerk found
her waiting on the steps of the court
house when he opened the doors for busi
ness this morning, so anxious was she to
have the action discontinued.
Purse and Coin Stolen.
OAKLAND, Sept. 22.— L. Warnecke,
one of the proprietors of the Overland
House. C01 Broadway, has complained to
the police that $C0 in a purse was stolen
from his restaurant counter to-day.
ST. PAUL, Sept. 22.— Edward J. Hodgson,
president of the Security Trust Company, who
had been a prominent resident of St; Paul for
thirty yearn, died last night after an illness
of several months.
BINGHAMTON, N. Y.. Sept. 22.-At the
Republican ward caucuses held here to
night resolutions were adopted expressing
confidence in the integrity of State Sena
tor George E. Greene, recently indicted
at Washington for alleged complicity in
postal department irauas. Senator
Greene was elected County Committee
man from the Eleventh Ward.
Confidence in Senator Greene.
The card party given this evening by the
Misses Oliver, complimentary to Miss Maude
Cheek, a bride-to-be, was one of the very
pretty affairs of the season. Tho decorations
were extremely artistic, tiger lilies adorning
tho drawing room, while the library and din
lngr room were in yellow. In the hall wero
great red dahlias and huckleberry foliage and
wherever on artistic taste could suggest were
hung graceful hanging baskets.
Five-handed eucher was played. About one
hundred and twenty-flve guests were present.
The home of the bride's parents, Mr and Mrs.
O. J. Backus, on Monte Vista avenue, was the
scene of the other wedding. About eighty
guests witnessed the ceremony, at which the
Rev, E. R. Dill?, pastor of the First Metho
dist Church, officiated. The bride waa attend
ed by Miss Emma Finch and her brother, Oa
car Backus, was best man. After a tour of
the State Mr. and Mrs. Hell will reside In
Los Angeles, where the Broom Is engaged In
business. ¦
Dr. Gtlson Is a graduate of the University of
California and ia successful in his profession
of dentistry.
Dr. and Mrs. OlUon will reside in Oakland
after a brief honeymoon.
OAKLAND, Sept. 22.— Two weddings of
much interest to Oaklanders were solemnized
this eVenin*, one being that of MI33 Harrie
Borland and Dr. Ray E. Gllson; the other brr
ing- the nuptials of Bliss Helen Backus and
Charles F. Hell, of Los Angeles. " acttua ana
The marriage of Mies Borland and Dr Gllson
was a very simple home affair, only families
and most intimate friends being present. The
Rev. E. E. Baker of the First Presbyterian
Church, of which both young people are promi
nent members, was the officiating clergyman
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs"
D. C Borland of this city- and is well known In
club and church circles.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
It Is Practically Settled That General
Guineces Will Be the Next
Premier.
BELGRADE, Servia, Sept. 22.— The elec
tions yesterday to the Skupshtina result
ed in victories for the extreme Radicals,
of whom sixty-five were elected. The
House otherwise is composed of seventy
eight Radicals, fifteen Liberals and two
Socialists. All the party leaders were
elected.
The Skupshtina will meet in extraor
dinary session September 27, when the
Ministry will resign. It is practically
settled that General Guineces will be the
next Premier.
SERVIAN RADICALS WIN
SKTJPSHTINA ELECTIONS
cused of Starting.
Antonio Gularte was neld to answer be
fore the Superior Court by Police Judge
Fritz yesterday on a charge of arson in
$3000 bonds. He is accused of having: set
fire to his barber shop at 415% Powell
street on the morning of September 12.
Flames were discovered in two separate
rooms and there was evidence that coal
oil had been plentifully utilized.
The Judge in holding the defendant said:
"It was mv intention at first to make
the bonds $10,000, but I think $5000 is
enough. The crime is a flagrant one, as
the defendant must have known that the
chances were that sixteen lives might
have been sacrificed by his act, that num
ber of people having been asleep at the
time in the lodging-house above his shop.
Besides, as the buildings In that block
are all built close together there is no
saying what the damage might have been
if the fire had not been discovered in
time."
Sacrificed in Blaze He Is Ac-
Sixteen Lives Might Have Been
BARBER, GULARTE HELD
ON CHARGE OF ARSON
Byrd Demands Freedom.
OAKLAXD. Sept. 22.— A writ of habeas
corpus has been petitioned for by W. B.
Rinehart on behalf of Whitely B. Byrd,
who is detained by Chief of Police Hodg
glns on a telecram from San Antonio,
Tex. It is claimed that Byrd is wanted
tbere on a. charge of aggravated assault.
The petition states that he has been taken
before no magistrate and that he is be
ing illegally held. The petition for the
¦writ will be heard in the morning. Byrd
states that the charge was trumped up
by his wife, from whom he has separated.
Jury Says It Was Accident.
BERKELEY. Sept. 22.— The jury acting
at the Inquest into the death of Clarence
Tweedy, who was killed by his own gun
last Sunday, rendered a verdict of acci
dental c--ith to-day at the Curran ranch
in Contra Costa County, where it con
vened. The witnesses were the dead boy's
father. J. J- Tweedy; Joseph Longuville,
w ho was his companion, and Mrs. Har
riet W. Hoffman, who assisted him.
Endeavorers Elect Officers.
BERKELEY. Sept. 22.— The Christian
Endeavor Society of the First Congrega
tional Church elected the following new
officers at the s^mi-annual meeting last
night in the church parlors: President.
Loring Barker; vice president. Miss E. E.
Eggleston; recording secretary. Miss
Robinson: treasurer. J. C. Black; assist
ant treasurer. Miss Louise Xutting; cor
responding secretary. Miss M. A. Fisher.
Boy Convicted of Criminal Assault.
OAKLAND. Sept. 22.— George Mello was
to-day convicted by a Jury of criminal
assault on Mary Silva. The trial of the
case has been going on for several days.
Mello is 16 years of age, while the girl
is but 13. They are both residents of San
Lcandro.
Tbe track which is being laid extends
from Twenty-f;fth avenue to Twenty-sec
ond, along East Twelfth street.
OAKLAND. Sept. S.— The Western Pa
cific Railroad, commonly known as the
Third-street line. In order to hold its fran
chise, has again begun the work of lay
ing its track along East Twelfth street,
near Twenty-third avenue. This has been
installed and the completion of the track
awaits the arrival of the rails from the
East.
Third-Street Railroad Recommences
"Work, en East Twelfth Street
to Hold Franchise.
WESTERN PACIFIC LINE
AGAIN BUILDING TRACK
DENVER, Cold., Sept. 22.— A special to
the Republican from Telluride says tho
miners at the Butterfly mine, near Ophlr
Loop, are determined not to strike, and
that a guard is maintained about the
property to prevent union officials calling
them out. It Is said a committee of min
ers in Telluride had a conference with the
Citizens' Alliance looking to an arrange
ment whereby the miners of the district
shall organize a new union Independent of
the Western Federation of Miners and re
sume work in the mines.
Telluride Miners to Secede.
ALAMEDA. Sept. 22.— With all the dls
'¦ cussions of the railroad franchises at cau
: cuses, conferences, meetings and mass
meetings, there are still those who be
lieve that certain phases of the agitation
have not yet been brought out and among
the residents holding that view are a
number of the Park street business men
not affiliated with the Board of Trade.
Twelve of these to-day issued the fol
lowing call for a meeting of the mer
chants and tradesmen of Alameda:
We, the undersigned merchants and trades
men in the city of Alameda, believing that an
erroneous impression prevails among our fel
low-citizens respecting our attitude on tha
questions before our City Trustees at this
time, and desiring to correct said false Im
pression as soon as possible, hereby request
the merchants and tradesmen of our city to
meet in Eureka Hall, in the Masonic Temple,
corner of Park street and Alameda avenue, on
Thursday, the 24th inat.. at 8 o'clock p. "m.
J. J. Konlgshofer, F. Binder. H. SI liram
ttian. L Durein. A. O. Gott, Olson & Co.. A.
.Victors. E. D. Judd. J. E. Baker, J. W. Hew,
G. Schaeffer. J. B. Vosburgh Company.
In the notice the "questions before our
City Trustees" means the two applica
tions for franchises for local steam roads
filed by the Southen Pacific Company with
the municipal legislators. The signers of
the call feel that much has been said
and done in their name during the agi
tation that they were not responsible for
and in no way approved. Their purpose
is to dispel the general Impression that
a majority of the merchants of Alameda
are in accord with the tactics adopted by
the Board of Trade in its fight against
the granting of the franchises to the
Southern Pacific Company and with the
treatment of the City Trustees by that
organization. ,
It was Professor Frank Soule's turn to
stand the grill of an attorney's cross
examination into his private affairs to
day. In the hearine of his petition to
be relieved of paying $75 a month ali
mony it has been his former wife, so far,
who has been on the stand in an en
deavor to resist his plea that she is in no
need of the money.
In answer to questions Professor Soule
stated that his salary is $275 a month,
and that since ISM $75 a month of this
has pone toward the support of his chil
dren. He bought a house for $4500 ajid
still owes $1500 on it. He said he has
had to economize to live on $200; that he
has to limit himself in the purchase of
books he needs in connection with his
profession. He denied that part of the
answer to his petition where the attor
ney for Mrs. Soule stated that he had
agreed to pay his wife $75 a month ali
mony for tho remainder of her life in
consideration cf her relinquishing her
right to certain property claimed by both
of them. He said that the first he had
heard of such an agreement was when
he read it in the answer to his petition.
He said that the $75 a month had come
voluntarily from him at the suggestion
of his attorney, who told him he ought
to do somethinc for his children, but
that there never had been any agree
ment to this effect and that he had never
talked to any one on the subject except
his attorny.
Professor Soule was subjected to a rigid
cross-examination on this point, but this
part of the testimony the attorney for
Mrs. Soule was unable to change.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway. Sept. 22.
Professor Frank Soule
Tells How Alimony
Was Paid.
Business Men Disagree
With Its Franchise
Policy.
The morninp session opened at 10:30
o'clock and was mainly devoted to the
business portion of the convention. After
luncheon papers, under the head of "The
Anatomy of Home Missions," were read
by Mrs. Preutzman on "Brain Power."
by Mrs. Barry on "Nerve Force" and by
Mrs. Rice on "Sinew and Muscle." , Miss
Nellie McGraw gave an interesting talk
on "Some Indian Children 1 have Seen."
The attendance was large— Delegates
were, present from the twelve different
churches here. The women's work of this
church is divided into three different
branches, the synodlcal, presbyterial and
auxiliary, all working under the Women's
Board of New York.
The semi-annual meeting of the Home
Presbyterial Society was held yesterday
in the parlors of the First Presbyterian
Church.
PRESBYTERIAN SOCIETY
HOLDS LARGE MEETING
Interesting Talks Are Given Upon
the Subjects of the Anatomy
of Home Missions.
The Orthodox Congregation of Beth
Jacob held fitting services for the new
year yesterday and to-day.
The Jewish New Year, or Rosh Ho
shana, the observance of which was be
gun last night, was continued this morn
ing by special devotional services at the
First Hebrew Congregation. . '
Rabbi M. Kriedlander delivered a ser
mon on "Tho Kingdom of God."
The rabbi described the ancient cus
tcms cf the Hebrew .race and dwelt at
length upon the history of the people and
the persecutions which have been heaped
upon them by the races of the earth.
In brief he said:
• The highest and grfatest significance of Ju
daism ia the acknowledgment of the kingdom
of God. The new year to the Jew is a declara
tion and expression of his faith. In celebrat
ing this day the .Jew declares that God is su
preme sovereign of the universe, tho heaven
above and the earth below. He acknowledges
C!cd as the father, ruler end guiding power of
mail's destiny.
In that which is symbolized by the new
year rests the entire doctrine of Judaism. Th>s
Jew's btllet is in God. He denies the philos
ophy of the eternity of matter. He believes In
the design and purpose of the Supreme Being,
In fatherhood and brotherhood. He declares
his belief in the harmony of purpose of nature
and history.
In connection with the exercises an im
pressive musical service was given under
the direction of Miss Virgrinie de
Fremery.
The choir which furnished the music to
day was composed of: Sopranos, Miss
Mary C. Williams, Mrs. Carrie Brown
Dexter; altos. Mrs. Grace Carroll Elliott,
Miss Feldheim; tenors: E. D. Crandall,
Mr. Evans; bassos, Clement Rowlands,
John Williams.
This choir will be retained during the
holidays. Three days hence comes the
feast of guedaliah. when the orthodox
Jew abstains from food and water. Other
days of importance during the festival
season are the feast of the tabernacles
on the fifteenth day and the rejoicing of
the law on the twenty-first day.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Sept. J2.
Hebrew New Year Fit
tingly Observed by
Services.
Whereas The present strike on the Great
Lakea F<»ehia to be without cause or Justifi
cation; and
Whereas. It is important for the future car
rying: trade on the Great Lakea that the own
eru of the vessels should unite In all proper
manner and insure the successful continuation
of their busines without vexatious interrup
tions; now be It
Resolved That the owners here assembled
pledge one' another to united action, even to
the extent of laying up their boats if nec
essary: and be it further
Resolved That a committee of five to devis*
ways and means be appointed by the qhair.
All of the leading vessel owners attend
ed the meeting.
CLEVELAND. Ohio. Sept 22.— At ¦ a
largely attended meeting of the Cleve
land vessel owners to-day to discuss the
war between the Masters' and Pilots' As
sociation and the Pittsburg Steamship
Company, the following resolutions were
adopted:
Will Besist Striking , Unions on the
Great Lakes.
VESSEL OWN EltS COMBINE.
The office tenants complained to the
water company two days ago of the un
pleasant taste of the fluid that came from
the faucets. An examination then made
failed to reveal the cause of the trouble.
Lost evening C. F. Fieher, a plumber,
found the cause cf the unpleasant water
and stoppage in the pipe to be the re
mains of a. sirpent.
ALAMEDA, Sept. 22.-Visions of ser
pents end fears of fevers are haunting
three of the office tenants in the Bank
of Alamefla building:— Herbert D. Clark,
Dr. E. W. Christer.sen and Judge R. B.
Tappan — ar.d all because these gentlemen
drank water from faucets connected with
a pine that had become clogged by the
body cf a. snake nearly four feet lone:.
How the reptile got into the main is
a mystery, but Clark, Tappan and Chris
tenten are not trying to solve that now.
They are keepir-c in close touch with
their family physicians and awaiting de
velopments while drinking double dis
tilled water.
Creepy Sensations.
Dead Serpent Chokes Slain and
Causes Three Men. to Save
DBXETK SNAKY WATER
"WITHOUT KNOWING IT
SAYS HE GAVE
CHILDREN MONEY
The strikers on the California North
western Railway Company made a mild
demonstration at Tiburon yesterday. A
email river steamer came alongside the
wharf with a load of 700 sacks of wheat
intended for shipment to interior points
over the railroad. As soon as the strik
ers learned of the situation they waited
on the stevedores on the steamer and
after some argument got them to refuse
to unload the cargo. The affair was con
ducted in a very quiet manner.
Prevent Steamer From Unloading.
ST. PAUL, Sept. 22.— Negotiations be
tween the officials of tho Great Northern
and the firemen and engineers are prac
tically at a standstill, as the officials of
tho road have denied the requests of the
men and rescinded grants made at pre
vious meetings. Grand Master Hanrahan
of the Locomotive Firemen and J. J.
Stone, grand chief of the Brotherhood of
Engineers, held a conference this after
noon with the railroad officials. The
meeting between the labor leaders and
the general manager and general super
intendent of the Great Northern did not
develop any marked change in the situa
tion. None of those taking part in the
negotiations would make any formal
statement as to the status of affairs fur
ther than to say that there would be a
resumption of negotiations to-morrow
morning. 1$ is understood, however, from
authoritative sources that the prospects
for a peaceful settlement are much bright
er to-night than they were considered be
fore this afternoon's conference. The ac
tion of the company officials in with
drawing their assent to the amendments
to the rules previously granted at the
request of the grievance committee an
gered tha men and some of them were
in favor of taking an immediate poll of
the locals on the auestion of a strike.
The presence of the grand officers, how
ever, served to relieve the tension and
negotiations were resumed, and it is said
a disposition is shown to reach a peaceful
compromise.
No detailed statement of what the men
ask could be obtained either from the
company officials or from the men them
selves. Their demands comprise, how
ever, both a new wage schedule and sev
eral changes in the working rules.
In conclusion, he writes that he hopes
to retain the confidence of his constituents
at the general election which "cannot be
far distant"
Regarding retaliation and fiscal free
dom, Elliot agrees with Premier Balfour's
pamphlet that the Government should be
free to consider cases as they arise on
their merits and take such action as it
considers right, subject to the approval of
Parliament.
LONDON, Sept. 22.— Premier Balfour Is
apparently meeting considerable difficulty
in the task of reconstructing his Cabinet.
It is said that Wyndham has been offered
the choice of several portfolios, but has
decided to remain Chief Secretary for
Ireland. ,
- Owing' to the decision that the Fifth
and Sixth Army Corps of War Secretary
Brodrick's scheme shall not be constitut
ed, because of the lack of necessary re
cruits, it is reported that General Hunter,
who was nominated for the command of
the Sixth Corps, Is to be transferred to
India, to command either the Bombay or
Madras district. This has led to renewed
rumors that General Hunter will succeed
Lord Kitchener as 'commander in chief
in India and that the latter will be called
home to succeed Brodrick as. Secretary of
War.
All this, however. Is merly speculation.
Much public feeling has been displayed
against appointing Brodrick to the India
office and it is believed the difficulty cen
ters in providing a Secretary for War
and a Secretary for India.
Arthur D. Elliot, who has just resigned
the Financial Secretaryship of the Treas
ury because of his disagreement with
Premier Balfour's finance views, writing
to one of his constituents in Durham
City, says he is in complete agreement
with the free trade views of ex-Chancel
lor of the Exchequer Ritchie, who found
it impossible to. hold office any longer in
a Government which is tending steadily
toward a policy of protection. He could
not remain in office, he says, without an
entire loss of self-respect. The time has
arrived, he continues, when the electors
must decide for or against the policy of
taxing imports of food which, though de
ferred for the moment, will be the ulti
mate issue.
ROSH H0SHANA
KEPT BY JEWS
Colonel Morley wa3 about fifty years of
age and had a wife and six children, one
of whom, a son, is attending college at
Chester, Pa. Morley came to Buena Vista
in 1849. slnee which time he has been
prominently identified with the smelter
and mining industries In the district.
From the position of the bodies when
found it appeared that Abrahamson had
been carrying Morley after he lost con
sciousness and had made a desperate
struggle to reach fresh air with his hu
man load. In all probability .Abrahamson
could have saved himself had ho not made
this heroic effort to rescue his companion.
BUENA VISTA, Colo., Sept. 22.— Colonel
B. F. Morley, manager of the Buena Vista
smelter and of the Mary Murphy mine
at Romley, and Adolph Abrahamson,
superintendent of the mine.- were killed
by foul air when making an inspection of
the mine workings last night. Their
bodies were recovered to-day.
It is supposed that the air In the mine
had been vitiated by powder gas. The
property is not operated at night and
there were no other men in the mine when
Morley and Abrahamson were making
their tour of inspection which resulted
fatally.
WILL DENOUNCE
BOARD OF TRADE
"The Jews are a poor people in spite of
the popular idea to the contrary, but from
far and near are coming contributions
to the fund for redeeming the land of
their fathers.
"If Christ should come again." said Dr.
Levine, "the Jews would certainly not ac
cept him. Dr. Hirsch of Chicago is mis
taken, because the Jewish world would
look upon Jesus in the flesh to-day Just
as they did In old Judea nineteen hundred
years ago. Wo are a conservative peo
ple and always have been. Moses was
stoned and only received by the people
of Palestine after many protestations. If
we found it hard to accept Moses, how ut
terly Impossible would Jesus be, for he
did not represent Judaism. 1 -
"The amalgamation of the races and
the acceptance of a common creed 13
a fine theory, but it is chimerical, even
fantastic. The Jewish church is not grow
ing—except in America by immigration.
We do not proselyte and we do not wel
come converts. The Semitic and Aryan
races are apart and can never fuse. Cen
turies of persecution have only strength
ened the people of Israel in their faith
and they will never accept a union with
their oppressors. i
"The Zionist movement Is a popular
demonstration of the feeling which per
vades the Jews ' everywhere. We want
some spot upon the earth which we can
own and govern— some refuge for our
persecuted and oppressed. Palestine Is
our home, the best of all lands to us, and
we are going in the end to possess it as
we did in the days of old.
PORTLAND, Ore., Sept. 22.-In an Inter
view the Rev. Dr. David Levine. a rabbi
of New York, took emphatic exception
to the recently published statement of
Dr. Hirsch of Chicago, who said that the
Jews to-day would accept Christ were he
to return to earth.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
On notion of Mr. Elliott the protest
waa referred to the License Committee
tor report
Some time ago C. II. Kucks, who was
for years the proprietor or the place, lost
hla license, but the saloon was reopened
toon efter in the name of Felix Wirbser.
Regarding the place. Dr. Dille said:
•"Our first grounds for objection are that
women ar.d girls— young girls— are al
lowed to freauent this resort Former
Chief of Police Crowley of San Francisco
one* told me that the young girls who
frequent these resorts are the recruits of
the gTeat army of wayward women. They
are taken into these places.- plied with
liquor and sometimes drugged and in time
fall Into paths cf vice.
"The resort is on a thoroughfare trav
eled by pupils of the High School and
the congregations of some of our leading
churches, and this pretest is 6lgned by a
majority of the property owners in that
block. For these reasons we ask that the
resort be closed."
The protest presented last night by Dr.
Dille bears the names of most cf the
property owners ar.d tenants in the block
In which the resort Is located.
The Rev. E. R. DIHe, pastor of the
First Methodist Church, has filed a pro
test with the City Council against the re
eort on Twelfth street, rear Broadway,
known ts tha Cafe Bohemia, charging
that" it Is frequented by women and young
girls.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, Sept 22.
Professor Magee was awakened at the
very darkest hour this morning by a
nole« in the yard just beneath his win
dow. Securing hla pistol, he hurried to
the window and looked down upon two
men sitting on the fence. The fence was
near a kitchen window and it was evident
the fellows were about to force their way
into the house. But they didn't get that
far. for Just then Professor Magee leveled
his pistol at them and called upon them
to explain their presence. The men re
plied that they had got into the wrong
place by mistake and without any unnec
essary waste of time slunk off into the
gloom.
The would-be burglars are supposed to
be the same who have been robbing resi
dences and business houses around town
lately.
Professor Walter B. Magee, director of
physical culture at the yniverslty of Cali
fornia, had a bloodless encounter with
burglars this morning at his residence,
1730 Haste street He did not get near
enough to grapple with them or take any
chances with ma own life, but he stood
by with a big pistol and aent the burglars
into flight with etcntorian words of com
mand. #
Berkeley Offic* Ban Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street. Sept. 22.
Prospect Brighter for Final
Agreement Upon Dis
puted Rules.
Two Men Are Overcome by
Foul Air While on Tour
of Inspection.
Says Jews Would Not Ac
cept Christ Should He
Come Again. /
Rumor That Kitchener Will
Succeed Brodrick Is
Revived.
Charges That Women and
Young Girls Frequent
the Resort.
Levels Pistol at Intruders,
Who Slink Away Into
the Gloom.
Balfour Finds the Task
of Reconstruction
Difficult.
Mine Superintendent
Dies in Trying to
Save Manager.
Rev. E. R. Dille Files
Protest With City
Council.
Dr. David Levine of New
York Makes a
Statement.
Hold a Conference With
Officials of the Great
. Northern.
Professor Walter Magee
Surprises Burglars
at Work.
WOULD CLOSE
CAFE BOHEMIA
LABOR LEADERS
DELAY A STRIKE
CABINET PLACES
NOT IN DEMAND
DECLARES RABBI
IN CHICAGO ERRS
GIVES HIS LIFE
FOR COMPANION
FRIGHTENS OFF
NIGHT PROWLERS
... , . x . . . ¦ •
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1903.
Attaches Manufacturing Company
A writ of attachment for 12760 was
served on the Nonpareil Manufacturing
Company by the Sheriff's deputies yester
day at the Instance of the Commercial
Bank and Trust Company. The attach
ment is to cover money advanced by the
last named company on the stock of tha
manufacturing concern.
William Hale Thompson, president of
tho Chicago Athletic Club and a mem
ber of other clubs of that city, who rtgj
ures quite prominently In yachting af
fairs on the lakes and was recently men
tioned as a possible opponent to Carter
B. Harrison in the Mayoralty race In the
Windy City, has come to the city with
his wife on a visit and is staying at the
Palace.
Captain H. R. Robertson of Portland,
who brought the big log raft safely Into
port yesterday, is staying at the Occi
dental with hia wife.
Alfred Gaskell and Edward Block of the
Agricultural Department In Washington
arrived from the East yesterday and are
registered at the Occidental.
"William G. Gardiner, assistant to the
passenger traffic manager of the Southern
Pacific Company, and his wlfo leave for
the Yosemite Valley to-night.
Frederick W. Stevenson, Assistant
Chancellor of the State of New Jersey
and recognized as one of the ablest law
yers in the East, arrived here two days
ago with tola wife and is registered at the
Palace.
C. B. Gillson, a mining: man of Xapa. is
at the Grand.
E. W. Trietos. a mining man of San
Jose, is at the Russ.
D. S. Fisher, a business man of Han
ford. 13 at the Grand.
H. G. Dilllngham, a merchant of Hono
lulu, is at the Occidental.
Edgar Halstead. a business man of Hon
olulu, is at the Occidental.
S. N. Grlmn, a capitalist of Fresno, and
wife axe registered at the Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Mrs. Crawley as Viola was fully as
fascinating as in the title role in "Every
man." Her resonant voice soeirhded to
good advantage In the difficult double
part of Viola and Catsario. Her counter
part, Sebastian, brother of Viola, was
cleverly acted by Mrs. C. Arthur Collins.
Ben Greet, however, was the favorite with
the audience. His portrayal of the pomp
ous conceit of Malvollo drew forth rounds
of merited applause. Scarcely second to
the hit made by Ben Greet was the suc
cess scored by Robert Smiley as Sir Toby
Belch.
Two scenes In the play stood out most
prominently for their eleven: execution.
The first was that in Olivia's home, when
Sir Tobv and Sir Andrew, deep in their
cups, disturbed the household and brought
forth Malvollo clad in night attire. The
second was at the gathering of the mirth
ful conspirators after the ruse with the
forged letter had been successfully work
ed on Malvollo. The Joy and laughter
of the players in the latter scene proved
so contagious that the laughter and ap
plause of the audience quite drowned the
mock mirth of the actors. The cast of
characters was as follows:
Duke Orslne, John Sayer Crawley: Sebastian.
Beatrice "Whitney; Antonio, Cllve- Currlo; Val
entine. Mildred Jones; Curao. Cecilia Griffith:
Blr Toby Belch. Robert Smiley; Sir Andrew
Agruecheek, Robert Halrord Forster: Malvollo.
Ben Greet; Fabian, C. Arthur Collins; Feste,
a clown. Dallas Anderson; a priest, 8. H.
Goodwyn; Olivia. Alys Rees; Viola. Constance
Crawley; Maria. Margaret Bucklln.
At the completion of the play the audi
ence rose and applauded continuously un
til the players reappeared. Ben Greet in
thanking the assemblage said:
"I want to thank you heartily on be
half of myself, my company and Mr.
Frohman for the royal welcome extended
us, and I commend Stanford University
in its endeavor to foster the drama."
This was the first production on tne
coast of "Twelfth Night" by ths Proh
man company. "Twelfth Night" was
given In Its entirety as written by Shake
speare, and the Idea of the Elizabethan
stage was carried out to the letter. The
action was continuous; at no time did
the curtain intervene to show the change
of scene. The orchestra, dressed In
Elizabethan costumes, and stationed In
tho balcony, filled In the breaks ta the
action with music in keeping with tho
staging of the play.
The stage Itself appeared the same in
the foreground as In "Everyman," but In
the back tapestries of ancient pattern
supplanted the monastery walls used in
the morality play. Two "Beef-eaters." as
they are called, dressed in red and carry
ing battle-axes, stood guard at the end
of tho stage.
STAFFORD UNIVERSITY. Sept. 72.—
In striking contrast to the solemnity of
laA night's production of "Everyman" by
Ben Greet's company was the lightness of
"Twelfth Night," presented by the tame
players in Assembly Hall to-night.
Though the attendance was perhaps
smaller than at tho presentation of
"Everyman," yet the reception accorded
"Twelfth Night" was fully as enthusias
tic as that given to the morality play and
was evidenced by the full measure of
laughter and applause that the comedy
drew forth.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
Ideas of Elizabethan Times
parried Out to the
Letter.
Comedy Wins Abundant
Applause on Stan
ford Stage.
"TWELFTH NIGHT"
COMPELS PRAISE
9
All Records Surpassed!
j& 83,790,300 Bottles
J^^^, "£*£ of Bottled Beers "
cnM in 1QA?
:T' OUlvL All JL.?\JLf
This proves the world-wide popu-
larity of this famous brew.
The product of
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n
Orders promptly filled by v
TILLMANN & BENDEL, Pacific Slope Distributer*
?\TI I ZtK WETfo Is to * ove c^ ildren » an^ no
ordeal through which the ex-
ivM<^^} > r ; 'MIP^^T\ "pecte* 1 *- mother must pass usually is
I «^iiilli H S ° ful1 ° f sufferin £> dan ger and fear
1 BJj! j S^ that she look's forward to the critical
hour with apprehension and dread.
Mother's Friend, by its penetrating and soothing properties,
allays nausea, nervousness, and all unpleasant feelings, and
so prepares the system for the
have testified and said, "it is .^ ¦
worth its weight in gold." $1.00 per j^p||^/f|kI3!| i/fl
bottle of druggists. Book containing |j 0 ™ g w* 0 i 1 1 B
valuable information mailed free. w. fig fsXfc/Jaia^ila
THE BRADHELD REGULATOR CO.. Atlanta. 6a.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEETISEMENTS.FROM SEATTLE,
United Siates Coa*t nnd Geodetic Survey —
'."•..- and Heights of High am] Low
¦Water* at Fort Point, entrance to San
Krancisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of th»? S'JDerintendent.
NOTE — Tht hish and low waters occur at
the city front <Mi&? Ion -street wharf) about 15
mlnut«-«- lafr than at I'ort Point; the height of
tide is tbe Fxrre at both places.
WEDNESDAY. SEPTEMBER 23. ~~^
Fun rlMa 5 ;»§ a . m,
F"::i sets 6:<Kj p. m.
M<x-n pets 7:43 p. m.
C Tim«; ;Tlme JTimTj j Time I
t I 1 Ft. i Ft. I ! Ft. Ft.
<¦¦ 'H Wj iL W jH W'j jL tV|
2:; O:r.3i S.rjJ 0:20' 1.2il2:52j 5.7| 7:041 0.4
24 1::-I 5.0 7:07 1.7 1:32' 3.C 7:55 0.4
25 2:t»! 4.717.5a' 2.2^2.17 5.4 8:53 0.5
l'« I 3:50| 4.f.i S.4r. 2.<J a:<^ 5.2 9:55 O.tf
V7 ' <l:."t 4.4! *:5OI 2.O .1:^7! 4.910:^7 O.7
2S j 6:C€| 4.4111:071 K.T| 4:.-.!>! 4.7J11-.5SJ 0.7
20 i 7:11 i 4.5.12:22j 8.1J tf:u«[.4.6| •
NOTE— In the above txp-ijition of the tide*
the «r.riy morning tides are given In the leit
hard coiutjja and the eucceEtlve tides of the
<5sy in th<? order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column civex the last tide of the
ci>, • i -.< i 1 uben there are but three tides, as
The membership of Pathfinder Camp
No. 750 of the Woodmen of the World
has arranged for an old-time log rolling
and chip burning in its forest at 4439 Mis
sion street on Friday next. A- fine pro
gramme of music, songs, recitations and
backwoods' yarns has been prepared for
the occasion.
Woodmen's Smoker.
i When the case of Minnie Stolker, a girl
18 years of age, charged with petty lar
ceny, was called before Police Judge Fritz
yesterday Edward Hansen,* a y«rang car
penter, stepped forward and toSd^. the
Judge that he had been keeping company
with the girl for two months and was
willing to marry Her. He said they both
belonged to Petaluma, where the girl's
father was a dealer in cattle. The Judge
said he did not like to have the girl dis
graced by convicting her of petty larceny
and allowed her to go on her own recog
nizance so that she could go to her home
in Petaluma and prepare for. her wed
ding. The case was continued for a week.
The girl was accused of stealing a raglan
coat from Mrs. Tracy of Ocean View last
March. ;--':^.'
• Saves Girl From Disgrace.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Must Furnish Proper Books.
The Supervisors' Printing Committee
yesterday directed the firm of Phillips &
Smythe to furnish certain books for the
City Engineer's office for which they were
awarded the contract in accordance with
the specifications. The books they de
sired to furnish were deemed unsuitable
for the use of the office named.
The Eteamer Miiriifota, which sailed on Sun
day ler Tahiti, cair.'ed an assorted merchan
d:£e cargo valued at $37.OSS and i:. eluding the
foUovltig: 150U l)b!E flour, 44!»J gals wine.
22.U15 lbs rice. 3&4M lbs fcretid. J'J.123 lbs
BOgST. l.i.:'A<) lbs bean«, :<2.-» Uu ptas, 341 ctls
Larley. 50 ctlg wheat. 5140 lbs bran, 9575 lbs
rait, "b"}Q lbs *re*h meat, 5 casks beer. 15
Kites last*. 10*. pkgs potatoes. ~H ;skrs onions,
l« pkge fresh fruit, io pkes fresh vegetables.
13(20 lbs lard. il''> <s canned goods. l~'.i pkgs
Erocerios and provisions. 7 cs whisky. 746 lbs
1 cs cheese. 71't lbs codfish, WJi lbc candy,
:::;i lbs ham ar.d baton, 12 cs baking powder!
451 cs canned 02 pkgs pickled salmon, 53,444
feet lumber. 11 pkes saddlery and harness. 05
j>kgs dry goods, cs coal oil. 13 pkg* bulld-
Sn»r msterlal, 40 rkgs paints and oils. 62 pkgs
nails, '¦'-'< pkts drugs and sundries, 91 coils
roj'e. 50 bd|s 6 pes pipe. 4ti pkgs »U!p chand
lery. 12 I'kgs stoves, 15 pkgs millwork, 154
<-k eoap, 14 tales twine. 38 cs boots and shoes,
13 pk£s bicycles and sundries." 34 pkgs paper,
M rkgs furniture, 44 bales bags, Xi pkgs Bew
ing machines. 33 coils wire, 4 cs arms and
ammunition. 28 pkss machinery, 7 cs hose,
Sd bdls Ehooks.
The Mariposa's Cargo.
The British ship Mark-n Lightbody was
cleared on Monday for Liverpool with 62.G73
cs canned fruit, 18,420 ctls barltv, 200 gals
v.ln^ (38.736 lbs sine and .00 cs honey, valued
at $2T5,."UW. The vessel alt<o had 15,000 feet
lumber ae dunnase valued at $-100. -
Large Shipment of Canned Fruit.
Local Inspectors O. F. Bolles and J. K.
Bulger made the following report yester
day to Supervising Inspector Berming
ham:
In the matter of the investigation of the
cause of the burning of the donkey boiler of
tho Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
steamer Umatilla, upon examination of the
marine engineers of said steamer for allowing
the water to becoraeT low in the donkey boiler
on the morning of tho occurrence (September
4. 1903). we find that First Assistant Engineer
John W. Haughton Second Assistant Thomas
Concannon and Third Assistant Robert B.
Gor8 were on watch at different times on the
morning of the 4th while the fires were lit
under the donkey boiler, and that during that
time the water became so low that the in
ner sheet of the combustion chamber and the
back head of the boiler were badly damaged.
It was impossible for us from the testimony
taken to place the blame directly or solely on
any of the licensed officers, to justify a revo
catlcn of license, but we do find that all three
of the assistant engineers were Inattentive to
their duties in so far as they failed to dis
cover that there was not sufficient water In
the boiler on the occasion in question.
For such inattention to duty we have this
day suspended the license of each the above
named engineers for a period of fifteen days
from date.
Chief Engineer Wolters is exonerated from
blame in the matter.
Licenses of Three Officers of the
Umatilla Are Suspended for
Fifteen Days.
The British bark Rowena was cleared on
Monday for London with (3.076 ctls barley
valued at $S1,"S5 ar.d l'J.COO feet lumber a*
dunnage valued at $:J14.
Earley for England.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
September 23.
Lakme Humboldt 12 m|P>r 2
Chico Coquille River ] 6 pmiPier 2
Chlng Wo.. China & Japan [ 1 pm|Pler 27
8. Barbara. Seattle & Olympla. 4 pmlPler 2
S. Monica. . Los Angeles Porw. 12 m Pier 2
Redondo Ix>s A n pel es Ports. 3 pmlPier 2
laqua. Humboldt 9 am | Pier 2
Arctic Humboldt 11 am|Pier 10
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier a
September 24.
Phoenix.... Mendocino City 1 pra Pier 13
St. Paul Nome & St Michael 2 pm Pier 20
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 19
Luxor I Hamburg: & Way.. 2 pm Pier 11
S. Portland.! Astoria & Portland 4 pm Pltr 2
I September iin.
San Pedro.. Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
Pomona.... Humboldt l:30pPler 9
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pm I Pier 2
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pm I Pier 10
Minnetonka New York direct I Pier 23
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor iPler ..
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 amjPler 24
September 20.
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Bonita Newport Way Pt«. 9 am Pier 19
Eureka Humboldt ft am Pier 13
City Sydney N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Alameda... Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
J. Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
September 27.
B.Rosa San Diego & Way 9 am Pier 19
September 28.
Chchalia.... Grays Harbor 3 pm Pier 2
Corona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier' 0
North Fork. Humboldt 5 pm Pier 2
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier S
September 29.
Arcata Coos B.& Pt.Orford 10 am Pier 13
China China A Japan.... 1 pm Pier 49
Coronado... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
September 30.
Columbia... Astoria &. Portland 11 am Pier 24
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 9 am|Pler 19
Rival Willapa Harbor .. 4 pm|Pier 2
October 1.
Nebraekan.. Honolulu v. P*t S Pier 23
October 3.
Newport N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
City Puebla. Puget Sound Ports. 1 11' am | Pier 9
ENGINEERS PUNISHED
FOR THEIR NEGLIGENCE
A petition signed by property owners
on Sullivan street was filed with the
Board of Supervisors yesterday asking
that the name of the street be changed
to Parnassus avenue. The petitioners
aver that confusion arises because there
are other streets in the city known by the
name of Sullivan street.
Wants Name of Street Changed.
The schooner Kona (at Honolulu) proceeds
to Iquiqul to load nitrate for Honolulu at
|4 £0. The British ehip Nivelle ig chartered
for lumber from Eritish Columbia to Cape
Towfi at 4js, with option of Delasoa Bay at
4Te lid. and not as before reported.
The Eritish bark Orion ie chartered for
barley to Europe at lCs <Cd Ices direct); Eritish
ship Cortez. lumber from Puget Sou^ to Port
I'irie. -Ws id.
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Elariners and
The tig British chip Glenlui, which arrived
bere a short while ago, has been chartered
and to-day will be docked at Beale-street
Wharf, where she will load a general cargo
for Europe.
To Load for Europe.
At the monthly meeting of the Cham
ber of Commerce held yesterday the fol
lowing named business men and firms
were elected to membership: Alameda
Sugar Company, California Sugar and
White Pine Agency, "W. W. Clark & Bros..
J. H. N. Clausen, Meyer & O'Brien,
Louis Rosenthal and Henry P. Sonntag.
It was suggested for the Interest of ship
ping men thnt the following clause be
inserted in bills of lading: "Any disputed
claim aKainst the vessel not exceeding
$100 to be settled by arbitration commit
tee of tho Chamber of Commerce of the
port in which dispute arises or by arbi
trators selected by parties in Interest and
to be binding on said parties, arbitration
fees to be paid by loser or losers."
Chamber of Commerce Meets.
The Overdue List.
The French bark La Tour d'Auvergne, bound
to this port from Newcastle. Australia, and
out ninety-five days, was placed on the over
due list yesterday at 10 i)er cenl. The rate
en the Aristides was advanced to IK) per cent,
the Andera to 4l» rr cent and The Laurel
Branch to 60 per cent.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. Due.
S. Portland... Portland & Astoria Sept. 23
G. Llndauer.. Grays Harbor (Sept. 23
Isi« Hamburg & Way PortsiSept. 23
Del Xorte Crescent City Sept. 23
Montara Port Harford Sept. 23
Argo Eel River Ports Sept. 23 [
Redoudo Humbolit Sept. 23
S. Monica.... Grays Harbor Sept. '£i
Pomona Humboldt ISept. 23
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. ISept. 23
Newport New York via PanamaiSept. 2:J
Chehalis | Grays Harbor ISept: 24
Eureka I Humboldt ISept. 24
Santa Roea...| San Diego & Way Pts. Sept. 24..
Point Arena.. | Mendocino & Pt. Arena Sept. 24
Queen , Puget Sound Ports idept. 21'
Mineola | Tacoma Sert. 25
Enterprise. . . j Hilo Sept. 25
Ban Pedro ( San Pedro Sept. 23
Coronado | Grays Harbor Sept. 25
North Fork Humboldt Sept. 20
Corona Humboldt ISept. 26
Arcata C003 Bay & Pt. Orford. Sept. 26
Ccos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. Sept. 27
Columbia Portland & Astoria Sept. 27
Ventura Sydney & Way Ports.. Sept. 28
Doric China & Japan Sept. 28
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom Sept. 2S
Centennial Seattle & Tacoma jSept. 28
Centralia Grays Harbor—, ISept. 2S
Rival Willapa Harbor ISept. 2S
State cf Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts.. Sept. 28
Curacao..".... Mexican Ports Sept. 29
City Puebla... Puget Sound Ports Sept. 2»
City Para . New York via Panama. Sept. 30
Alliance Portland & Way Pts. . Oct. I
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Oct. 2
Umatilla . Puget Sound Ports Oct. 4
Movements of Steamers.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. S. X., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
September 22. 1003.
The Time Ball on the tower of -the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
i. *.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
p. m . Greenwich time.
J. C. feURNETT,
Lieutenant, V. S. N., in charge.'
Time Ball.
The steamship Francia H. L/eff^ett arrived
yesterday, six days from Astoria, with a raft
cf telegraph i>cles in tow. The shipping
world learned of the safe arrival of the raft
¦with, relief and the fact that the structure
made the journry intact adced to the satis
faction. The raft was towed up Oakland
Creek, where it will be dismantled.
JjOg Raft Arrives.
The t-teamship China is being made ready
to ffo into commission again with all dispatch
er.4 lone before September 2H, when the sails
lor the Orient, phe u|H be her old handsome
fc<lf again. The «-re»' of the Pekinir v.-as yes
terday' transferred tr» the China. The Peking
¦sviil 1*> !a:d uu indefinitely. There la some
talk of converting the ancient liner into a
bulk for the detention of C'hinrse, as it is
tbi jpht ghe would offer more hysienlc quar
ters than tho r>res.?nt detention * shed, which
is located where it jfetp the full ?n>ct of the
ncsious airs arisinc from the Brannan street
Kiver fcn.i which, in any event, will have to
be torn down vi hen the work of building the
new wharves begins. Captain Fnele will
command the China and will have with him
th* ioHowir.B officers: Chief officer. E. P.
Kitt, DRMSOtlOn from the Peking; second o'fi
cr. Kitchen; third officer. Pillsbury. also from
the Pekinp. an* chief engineer, Fred Helland.
It. Grimm will l>e the liner's surreon and
O. K. Freemen the purser. J. O. Darling,
who in the past made the China's cuisine fa
n»us, returns to the liner as chief tie ward.
Officers of Steamship China.
CAPITALIST BTJYS GTTN"
AND COMMITS SUICIDE
Wealthy San Diego Resident Shoots
Himself Immediately After
the Purchase.
SAN DIEGO. Sept. 22.-CaptaIn H. J.
Teel, who resided in this city for the
past four years, shot and instantly killed
himself to-day. He had long suffered
various afflictions of the body and was
partially crippled. He entered a gunstone
on H street this morning, asked to look
at some revolvers and selected a second
hand one, for which he paid $4 50. He
asked if it was loaded and on being in
formed that it was he started for the
door, but before reaching It placed the
weapon to his head and pulled the trigger.
Captain Teel was possessed of consider
able means, pwning 1 valuable property'
near Ashland, Or., and Sacramento. He
was 70 years of age and leaves a wife of
about the same age.
The inspectors will therefore be re
lieved from duty until Monday, October
5. 1903, and the Health Board will pro
ceed to appoint temporary inspectors from
the civil service eligible list during the
interim. Yesterday a requisition was
sent by the Health Board to the Civil
Service Commission asking the last named
body to certify the names of four eli
gibles from the list of assistant sanitary
inspectors.
The Civil Service Commission at once
certiiied the names of Fred C. Muller,
Joseph Kukendall, Fred Howe and Reu
ben Hill. The certification of these names
exhausted the eligible list and Dr. Fred
C. Muller was at once appointed by
O'Brien to look after the district former
ly supervised by Dr. Fitzgibbons. In all
likelihood Drs. Kukendall, Howe and Hill
will receive appointments to the tempo
rary vacancies to-day, that Is, if they
express a willingness to serve the city for
such a short period as two weeks. Should
they not accept appointment the Health
Board will find itself in a dilemma, as
three districts will remain without sani
tary inspection for the time stated.
APPOINTS TO VACANCIES.
The four inspectors were unwilling to
submit tamely to suspension and there
fore Dr. Fitzgibbons, one of the suspend
ed men, sent a communication to Health
Officer O'Brien asking him to rescind his
action. Dr. O'Brien immediately sent
communications in reply, one of which
says: . % -
September 21. 1903.
Dr. F. T. Fitzgibbons: After deliberation
and consultation with members of the Health
Board who are familiar with the dereliction in
your case, It h£is been concluded that the sus
pension must stand aa originally o/dered.
A. P. O'BRIEN. Healtft Officer.
Health Officer O'Brien, acting under au
thority from the Health Board, was of
the opinion that a suspension of two
weeks was severe enough to meet the
exigencies of the case. In this way the
suspended inspectors avoided the humil
iation of a trial before the Civil Service
Commission.
Action was taken under the provisions
of section 12,- article 13, which states that
"nothing shall limit the power of any of
ficer or board to suspend a subordinate
for a reasonable period, not exceeding
thirty days." For any suspension in ex
cess of thirty days action can only be
taken on charges properly filed with the
Civil Service Commission, as the sanitary
inspectors are appointed from the eligi
ble list. The charter provides that no
civil service appointee can be removed ex
cept for cause and then only after a hear
ing in which the accused may be given
an opportunity to defend himself.
Tho Board of Health has suspended As
sistant Sanitary Inspectors Frank T.
Fitzgibbons, Jonathan Green, "William S.
Hereford and Roland E. Hartley. The
suspensions are temporary, dating from
September 21 to October 5 and the cause
alleged in a communicatnon sent on Mon
day to the four suspended officials is "the
continuous unsatisfactory performance of
their duties in the districts to which they
are assigned from the beginningof the
present fiscal year."
The suspensions were made by Health
Officer A. P. O'Brien, only, however, af
ter consultation with the individual mem
bers of the Board of Health. Complaints
had been made to O'Brien that the four
Inspectors, all of whom are physicians,
had been negligent in their inspections of
the districts under their immediate super
vision and Dr. O'Brien declared that the
complaints warranted the disciplining of
the inspectors by temporarily suspending
them. The greatest secrecy has been
maintained by the Health Board regard
ing the suspensions, as it was not desired
to injure the physicians under fire in their
professional capacity.
ACTS UNDER CHARTER.
Makes Requisition for Civil Service
Eligibles on Sanitary List to
Fill the Temporary-
Vacancies. /
Refuses to Rescind Its Ac
tion at Request of Sus
pended Officials'.
sometime* occurs. The heights elven are in
fiUdltion to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minCi ( — )
feign precedes the h'lght, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts.. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low . waters.
The Chief advised Snow that if Gold
man attempted to do him any injury to
notify him and he' would promptly at
tend to the matter, but he heard nothing
further from Snow.
"For services in Oakland and San Fran
cisco as epecial attendant during attacks
of temporary insanity from March, 1902,
to date, $1000; less cash received, $650—
$350."
"The djarge of $1000 for attendance upon
me," saiS Goldman, "is simply an at
tempt on the part of Snow to escape re
paying to me the $700 he borrowed from
me. I have never been temporarily in
sane and Snow has never rendered me
any services as special attendant. I shall
prosecute him civilly and criminally to
the end."
Goldman and Snow had an encounter
in Oakland one day last week and one
of the papers there reported that Snow
was badly beaten up. but it was reported
in another paper that Snow held his own
against his younger antagonist.
Tnat Snow has been afraid of Goldman
doing him personal injury for some time
was referred to by Chief Wittman after
he learned of the issuance of the war
rant. The Chief said that Snow had
called upon him last January and asked
for police protection from Goldman. He
told the Chief that Goldman had been
annoying him to such an extent that he
had been forced to leave Oakland and
take up his residence in this city. Gold
man had found out his residence here and
one night met him and told him, as he
displayed a keen^edged butcher knife,
that nothing would please him better
than to drink a cupful of Snow's blood.
"A. Goldman to R. W. Snow
A. Goldman, a merchant at 007 Wash
ington street, Oakland, secured a war
rant from Police Judge Fritz yesterday
for the arrest of R. \V. Snow, ex-Mayor
of Oakland, on a charge of libel. Gold
man was accompanied by his attorney.
Frank J. Murphy, who said that a civil
suit would be instituted by Goldman
against Snow for $5000 damages and for
the recovery of $700 which Goldman al
leges he loaned to Snow.
The alleged libel was contained in the
following account sent, it is claimed,
through the mails by Snow to Goldman
on March 13 last from Snow's office, 917
Market street, this city:
II. A. Bijrelew and wife. Count Bonzi and
«-ife. F. C. Baldwin. Miss Baldwin. Mrs. H.
V. Baldwin. E. M. I3o;d, R. H. Chamberlain.
vile ar.d two children. R. A. Cooke. A. L.
< astle. Charles Daly. Mrs. S. E. Damon, H.
O. DiUintham. A. Iirier and -K-if?. E. Drier,
Judge Edinss. E. Halstead, Mrs. G. M. Lowry.
<Jeurge II. Mead and wife, Master Mead. W.
K. Robert?. Mi-s. J. H. Richards Mrs. T. P.
Fedswick, H. G. fipeneer. Dr. E. H. Schultze,
Colonel Z. S. Spaldins. Mrs. P. Scales, H. H.
Williams. W. We'.ner. H. W. Wills.
Dr. E. H. Schultze, a German specialist,
•who ha$ been in the islands making a
scientific study of the soils, was also a
passenger.
The Alameda brought 860 tons of cargo.
Her passengers included the following
named:
Among the passenpers were Count and
Countess Bonzl. The Countess is the
daughter of Colonel Z. S. Spalding of
Honolulu. The wedding took place short
ly before the Alameda sailed and was one
cf the most brilliant affairs seen in Hono
lulu for many days. The Count is taking
his bride to his Italian home, where great
preparations are eaid to have been made
fur their reception.
Mrs. S. E. Damon, wife of the Honolulu
franker, was another passenger, and F. C.
Ba'dwin, Miss Baldwin and Mrs. H. P.
Baldwin cf this city returned on the Ala
meda from a visit to the islands. E. M.
Hoyd, representing the Honolulu Tourist
Advertising Bureau, came up on the liner
and is on his way East to boom the Ha
waiian Islands as ideal prospecting
grounds for tourists. Judge Edlr.gs of'the
Third District Court and H. \V. Wills.
mara^er of the Royal Hawaiian Hotel,
came up on the liner.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner
Alamedc, Captain T. R. Lawless, arrived
><:swrUay, six days from Honolulu. She
left the island port with ISO passengers,
but when the quarantine officials boarded
the steamship they found lil. The odd
liatsenger put in an apper.rar.ee last
Thursday ar.d is to-day Just 6 days old.
The little stranger is the daughter of a
Japanese csbin passenger. The baby was
christened by Captain Lawless and at the
request of the mother given the name
A&ac.
Monday, September 22.
Stmr Baa Mateo. Locke, 00 days from Ta
coma.
Stmr George W. Elder, Randall, 60 l 4 hours
from Portland, via Astoria 4S% hours.
Stmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart, 36 hours from
Esn Pedro.
Stmr Phoenix, Odland, IS hours from Mendo
clno.
Stnir Newburg, Hansen, 72 hour* from Grays
Harbor.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Steamer. For. Sails.
Farallon Skagway g~ Way Ports. Sept 23
Dolphin Ekagway & Way Ports. Sept. 26
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 'M
CityTopeka.. Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 28
Roanoke Nome & St. Michael... Sept. 2s
DirigOy. Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 28
Al-Ki: Ska*way & Way Ports. Oct. 1
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Oct I
Cottage City. Swagway & Way Pts. Oct. 2
Senator Nome Oct 3
Ohic Nome & St. Michael... Oct. 3
HONOLULU — Arrived Sept 21— Br stmr Do
ric-, from Hongkong. - ¦
Arrived Sept 22 — Stmr Ventura, from Sydney.
Sailed Sept 22— Br ship Carmanlan. for New
Caledonia: Br stmr Doric, for San Francisco;
etmr Ventura, for San Francisco.
MAKAWELI— Sailed Sept 21— Bark W. B.
Flint, for San Franciseo.
LAHAINA— Sailed Sept 22— Schr Louis, for
tVillapa Harbor.
FOREIGN PORTS.
I LEITH— In port Sept 10— Br ihlp Iqulque,
for Honolulu.
DELAGOA BAY — Arrived Sept 21 — Br ship
Afghanistan, from Ballard. .,
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Sept 21— Br stmr
Empress of China, from Vancouver.
Arrived Sept 22— Stmr Victoria, from Ta
coma, for Hlogo. Shanghai and Hongkong.
COLOMBO — Sailed Sept 22 — Stmr Keemun.
from Tacoma. Hlogo, Yokohama, Hongkong and
Manila, for Liverpool. '
ANTWERP— Sailed Sept 1»— Ger ship Em
ille, for Portland; Br ship Barcore, for Puget
Sound; Br bark Invermay. for San Diego. •
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Sailed Sept 21— ©r bark
Lad as. for San Francisco.
VICTORIA— Arrived Sept 22— Jap stmr AM
Mam. from Yokohama; Br ship Craigmore,
hence 5th; Fr war stmr Protet, hence 10th, for
Esquimau, B. C.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived Eept 22— Stmr Con
cordia, from Montreal.
Sailed Sept 22 — Stmr Ivernla, for Boston, via
Queenstown.
GLASGOW — Arrived Sept 22— Stmr Furnes-
Bia, f rom New York.
LONDON— Sailed Sept 22— Stmr Columbian,
from Boston. ¦¦ .a- n. :
GENOA— Sailed Sept 22 — Stmr Vancouver,
for Boston.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 22— Stmr Geor
gia, from Patraa, etc.
Sailed Sept 22— Stmr Wilhelm II, for Bre
men, etc.; etmr Bovlc, for Liverpool.
ISLAND PORTS.
ASTORIA— Arrived Sept 22 — Stmr Columbia,
hence 20th; btkn Omega, from Newcastle, Aus
tralia. [*
Outside Sept 22— Br bark Dunalaw, from Port
Los Angeles.
Sailed Sept 22— Schr J. H. Lunsmann, for
Shanghai: schr Alumna, for Adelaide.
ABERDEEN — Arrived Sept 22 — Stmr Cen
tralia. hence IStb.
Sailed Sept 22 — Stmr Coronado, for San
Francisco.
CASPAR— Arrived Sept 22 — Stmr South
Coast, from San Pedro.
Sailed Sept 22 — Stmr South Coast, for San
Francisco.
EUREKA— Sailed Sept 22— Stmr Alliance,
for Coos Bay; stmr Pomona, for San Francisco;
ctmr Sequoia, for Redondo.
Arrived Sept 22— Stmr Eureka, hence 21st.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Sept 22— Stmr Noyo,
for San FrancUco. *
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Sept 21— Stmr
Centralia. hence 18th.
Sailed Sept 22 — Stmr Coronado and »chr
Minnie A. Calne, for San Francisco.
NOME — Sailed Sept 17— SJms Ohio and Sena*
tor, for Seattle.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed Sept 22— Ger
etmr Elba, for Pucet Sound.
SAN DIEGO — Arrived Sept 22 — Nor stmr Ti
tania. from Nanalmo.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Sept 22— Bark Hes
per, from Redondo; stmr Aberdeen, hence 20th;
stmr Marshfleld. from Hardy Creek; stmr
Charles Nelson, from Redondo. ,
Sailed Sept 21— Stmrs Fulton and Ruth, for
San Francisco.
Sailed Sept 22 — Stmr San Pedro,, for San
Francisco.
SEATTLE: — Arrived Sept 22— Stmr Jeanle,
from Alaska; stmr Centennial, hence 18th.
Arrived Sept 21 — Bark Guy C. Goss, from
Alaska: stmr City of Puebla, hence 18th.
Sailed Sept 21— Stmr Queen, for San Fran
cisco: stmr Humboldt, for Skagway.
Sailed Sept 22 — Stmr California, for Tacoma,
SOUTH BEND — Arrived Sept 22— Schr Ori
ent, hence 5th; schr Repeat, from San Pedro.
TACOMA— Sailed Sept 21 — Br stmr Texan,
for New York; stmr Mlneola, for San Fran
cisco. , ¦ 4
Arrived Sept 22— Stmr California, from Se
attle.
TATOO8H— Passed in Sept 22^ — Br ship
Cralgmore, hence 5th. for Vancouver.
TOWNSEND— Arrived Sept 22— Br ship
Gantock Rock, hence Aug 26, for Whatcom.
WESTPORT— Arrived Sept 21— Stmr Pren
tiss, hence 20th.
Sailed Sept 22 — Stmr Prentlss, for San Fran
cisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
OUTSIDE BOUND IN, 12 M.
— ¦ Stmr Francis H. Leggett, with log raft in
tow.
Stmr Alameda.
OUTSIDE BOUND IN. 3 P. M.
Stmr Czarina.
Per stmr San Mateo, Sept 22, 2 a. m., 4 miles
south of Point Reyes — Stmr "Francis H. Leg
gett, from Astoria, for San Francisco, with
log raft in tow.
Per stmr Alameda, Sept 18, 28.21 N, 147.40
W — Saw Fr bark steering KW; last two sig
nal letters were K C.
SPOKEN.
CLEARED.
Monday, September 22.
Etmr Corona, Johnson, Eureka, Pacific Coast
Steamship Co.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Sept. 22, 10 p. m. — Weather,
thick; wind, velocity 14 miles per hour.
SAILED.
Monday, September 22.
Stmr Arcata. Nelson. Coos Bay.
Stmr Coos Bay, Nicolson, San Pedro.
Stmr Greenwood, Johnson. Point Arena.
Stmr Corona, Johnson. Eureka.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cruz. *
Stmr Santa Cruz, Gielow, Moss Landing.
Stmr Chico, Jenren, Coquille River.
Stmr Xatlonal City. Himmar, Fort Bragg.
Brig J. D. Spreckels, McNeill. South Bend.
Schr Ruby, North, Coquille River.
Schr G. W. Watson, Weitkunat, Willapa
Harbor.
Schr Challenger, Anderson, Puget Sound.
Fr bark Anne de Bretagne, Bregeon, Queens
town.
Stmr Portland, Mclntyre, 72 hours from As
toria.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, 48 hours from Coos
Bay.
Stmr L. Roscoe, Crangle, 44 hours from Coos
Bay.
Stmr Alameda, Lawless, 6 days from Hono
lulu.
Br ship Whitlleburn, Bartlett, 75 days from
Newcastle. X. S. W.
Schr Lily, Bottger, 6 days from Umpqua,
Nine years of litigation was ended yes
terday In the United States Circuit Court
by the handing down of a decision in two
of the celebrated Santa Cruz water bonds
cases. The two suits were entitled Waite
vs. city of Santa Cruz and were brought
to recover $27,000 and $14,000 respectively,
the alleged value of bonds and
issued by the city for the purpose of ob
taining a water supply. At the time of
the commencement of the action Albert
H. Waite held the legal title to all of
the bonds and coupons. Shortly after
ward Waite died In Massachusetts and on
March 2, 1903, on' an order of the Probate
Court of Massachusetts, the administra
trix, Helen E. Waite, transferred all
Waite's interest in the bonds and coupons
to John' M. -Graham. On April 1 of the
same year F. A. Hlhn, for a valuable
consideration, became the owner, and on
April 15 Hihn delivered to the city of
Santa Cruz the bonds and coupons men
tioned in the complaint and agreed that
they should bear interest at 4 per cent
per annum from said date.
Upon a stipulation, wherein all the
above mentioned facts were agreed upon.
Judge de Haven, sitting as a Circuit
Judge, rendered judgment for both
amounts sued for, interest upon the judg
ments to run at 4 Der cent.
When the city of Santa Cruz issued the
water bonds the authorities entered into a
contract with certain "promoters" to dis
pose of the entire issue. The "promoters"
disposed of the bonds, pocketed the pro
ceeds and then went *into bankruptcy.
When suit was brought against their
sureties for the amount collected it was
found that the promoters had organized a
company consisting mainly of themselves
and had put up the sureties for them
selves. This company also went into
bankruptcy, and the bonds having been
Bold to Innocent purchasers, and having
been legally issued, the city was respon
sible for their payment and was obliged
to Issue a duplicate set of bonds to ob 1
tain Its water supply. Suits for the re
mainder of the first Issue of the bonds
are pending in the Federal courts on ap
peal.
COL.TOX, Sept. 22.— W. I* Baugus. con
ductor of a Southern Pacific work train
running in and out of Declez Quarry*
east of here, was found dead beside the
track early this morning with his head
crushed to an almost urecognizable mass.
The body was discovered by a section
crew two miles east of this city. Baugus
had evidently been murdered by powerful
blows on the head.
It is presumed by the railroad officials
that he came- to Colton yesterday to cash
his pay check and that on his return,
either In the Colton yards or further out,
he was set upon by thugs, beaten to
death and robbed of the $130 -which he !•
supposed to have had with him.
One theory Is that the man's body was
carried out of Colton on a handcar and
thrown into the ditch during the night,
as there were few signs of a struggle
where h« was found.
The prisoner at the bar was rightfully tried
and convicted for the larceny of a dog and
cannot be discharged upon habeas corpus.
? • * However, I am satisfied that In our
condition In this territory a dog is property of
a high pecuniary value, and Is the subject of
larceny under the very principle upon which
the common law determined that question.
Last winter a whole population of ¦ civil
ized men and women invaded the dense wilder
ness of the Tanana Valley, crossing the snowy
mcruntalns amid the blizzards of Arctic blasts,
and established permanent towna and min
ing camps there, depending upon this valuable
animal aa their sole beast of burden and only
means of transportation. Hundreds of ani
mals of the best breeds have been Imported
Into the territory from the States as well as
from the British territories, and the dog has
a fixed and definite value as a beast of burden
in Alaska, second to no other animal. He Is
to the far northland what the horse was to
the development of- the great plains west cf
the Mississippi. It cannot be presumed that
Congress was ignorant of his history and value
to the people of Alaska when it passed the
Penal Code. ,Thls court will not. by a limited
construction, exclude the dog from the pro
tection of the Penal Code of Alaska nor ought
it to do violence to the well established rule
of decisions declaring the animal not the sub
ject of larceny under the common law.
SOLE BEAST OF BURDEN.
• • • "U'hen the news of the distovery of
the Klondike and Nome gold Heidi attracted
thousands of American miners into this re-
Klon, he was found to be the most ready, use
ful and active animal in aiding them to reach
the mines. From that day to this he has
been the constant companion of the prospector,
the miner and the freighter, and without his
aid -and sagacity the efTorts of even American
miners to develop the gold fields must have
languished. He has served the cause of jus
tice and aided In the establishment of the
courts, and the Judge of this court has traveled
hundreds of miles along Alaska trails each
winter upon vehicles drawn tiy the docs. In
the performance of his official duties.
Gold dust is net mentioned In either sec
tion, yet It has never been doubted that its
theft might be punished as larceny. A dis
tinction, however, is urged between the theft
of these classes of property and that of dogs,
and this distinction is based upon the alle
gation that swine, sheep and gold dust are
property, the theft of which is punishable at
common law. while the taking of a dog never
was and Is not now larceny at common law.
Nevertheless, a dog is a chattel. • , • •
Whoever has made even the slightest study
of the ethnology of Alaska or has given to
Its present development a minute's thought
knows that the dog has betn. next to man, the
most important factor in its past and present
history.
THE DOG IN ALASKA.
This vital question comes up on an ap
peal filed yesterday in the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals In the case of
P.' C. Burkal, now in jail at Rampart,
Alaska, for taking possession of a dog
without consent of his master. The Judge
of the United States District Court for
the Southern District of Alaska convicted
Burkal and rendered an elaborate opin
ion In effect that no matter what a dog
might be in England and In America, the
dog was property in Alaska and a man
could be convicted for stealing one. The
animal which Mr. Burkal took under the
common law was valued at $34, a petty
larceny value, and Burkal was sentenced
to nine months' imprisonment. Judge
Wickersham emitted the following jewels
in deliverinR his opinion:
The dog If not specifically mentioned In
the statute of Alaska among the animals or
other property subject to larceny. If it is prop
erty whose taking is larceny, it must be be
cause it is Included in the meaning of "goods
and chattels" whess taking Is made larceny by
Section 41 of the Penal Code. • • • Sec
tion 4:5 does not specifically mention swine or
fiheep as the subject of larceny, yet it will not
be claimed that they may be taken without
punishment.
Under common law of England a dog
Iv not property, and the stealing of one
is not a crime, 'not even a misdemeanor,
no matter how valuable the animal may
be.
- "Is a dog property?" is a question, that
has been submitted to the United States
Circuit Court of Appeals for a legal an
swer.
Ex-Mayor of Oakland to Be
Prosecuted Civilly and
\ CriminaTy.
Railroad Officials Think 'He
Was 'Slain and Then
Kobbed.
Advances Many Reasons Why
Common Law Should
Board Orders Their Sus
pension for Alleged
Dereliction.
Nine Years cf Litigation
Ended in the* U. S.
Circuit Court.
Baby Eorn in Mid-Ocean Is
Christened by Captain
Lawless.
Her Passengers Include
Many People of
Prominence.
A. Goldman Denies That
He Was Tempor
arily Insane.
Alaska Judge Decides
That a Canine Is
Property. ;
Judge DeHaven Decides
Two Santa Cruz
Cases.
Work Train Conductor
Found Dead Beside
the Track.
DISCIPLINES
FOUR HEALTH
INSPECTORS
CHARGES LIBEL
AGAINST SNOW
LINER ALAMEDA
COMES TO PORT
WATER BONDS
MUST BE PAID
STATUS OF DOGS
IN THE COURTS
CORPSE SHOWS
MARK OF MURDER
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1903.
TO SAIL.
10
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THB
WEST. 24 Post «t.. San FrancUco. CaL
Established 40 years. . Open entire year
Write for illustrated catalogue (frte)*
EvFJ t£ KJ^ks ¦ V£Z£m B pun if?9
A POLYTECHNIC
>sf/\ Business College and
• *S fFsV-S-<<L Cehool of Engineer-
p^Q^^JIIgtaVj . inn. Oakland, Cal.
hr^Te' Ul-L R*ljfe$»ij Largest and bsit
K*K«Vi^r *SivfiYS*&i! equipped school of
KlSC3feiSS*!i?#3l business shorthaa-1
Si* «V* <9^»" V» J^^rf-' Jv * n<1 en 8TineerinK veit
.*0*M2B^y$^^&K °u Chlca «°- Perfect
«r\XTfl^H#y!£<»^^ climate, expenses low.
Tvjv- *SX Ju* *• Write for free 100-
l Page catalogue.
St. Mary's College,
OAKLAND, CAL
Studies will be re&umed MONDAY Aurust X
1803. BRO. ZENONIAN. President.*
PERALTA PARK. BERKELET.
Bearding and day school for boys under 13 yean
cf age. Studies commence MONDAY. Ausust 3.
1903. Send for prospectus to Ero. Qenebraa.
ST. JOSEPH'S ACADEMY,
MSf0^ mt^'
ADVERTISEMENTS.
One /^fej"|j? >l l
K t/f BLADDER |
GlirBSlSL J^ CURE |
For pains in the back, Briffnt'a dls- B
ease, incontinence at urine, brick
dnst deposit, bed-wetting-, jfxavel,
dropsy, diabetes, rheumatism.
Only by removing poisonous acid can
rheumatic and neuralgic troubles be
cured. Uric acid finds its way : into the
blood because the Kidneys are weakened
and do not throw It off from the system.
Restore the TCIdneys and you restore the
power that will force th« uric acid from
the body. That Is just what McBurney's pi
Kidney and Bladder Cure does. It drlvos Eg
the deadly uric acid from the blood. It B
sustains the organs that sustain life and B
the forces that make blood. McBurney's B
Kidney and Bladder cure. $1 50. All ¦
druggists. Booklet with sworn state- B
merits oi cures free. W. F. McBurney, B
Sole Mfr.. 226 S. Spring st, Los Angeles, gf
T> •DITCH CO FOR BARBERS . b a-
LJ LI U O I"! Ei l!) k « rs > bootblacks, bath-
A#aiwmaaus# h0U8es§ b niiard tables.
brewers, bookbinder*, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BEOS.,
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIBS
OP THB
INDEMNITY FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
. York, on the 31st day. of December. A. IX.
1002. and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of tha
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner:
CAPITAU
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up la
Cash 00
ASSETS.
Curb Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company I3S2.M0 00
Cash in Company's Office 400 40
Cash In Banks 16,027 03
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 2,650 00
Premiums in due Course of Collection 27,155 72
Due from other Companies for Rein-
surance on losses already paid.... 283 63
Total Assets $ 129.006 80
INABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid % 8,737 36
Losses in process of Adjustment or —
in Suspense 11,473 85
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 2.S45 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, 1182,737 16;
reinsurance SO per cent 91,393 53
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $70,-
310 04; reinsurance pro rata t 45,471 92
Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
etc B91 46
All other Liabilities .,... 8.082 6C
Total Liabilities. $168.S93 S3
INCOME. ===
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums 1217,632 49
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and from
all other sources 9.352 24
Total Income .j|226,984 73
EXPENDITURES. — ====
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
cluding $15,767 83, losses of previ-
ous years) f 94 284 7ft
Paid or allowed for Commission or '^^
Brokerage 41 iu 2 7
Paid for Salaries, Fee* and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 20 105 fift
Paid for State, National and Local * iuo w
, taxes S.721 m
All other payments and ezpendl-
tures 16,943 00
Total Expenditures jlra^lTic
Losses incurred during the year. . . .$100,803 '33
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums."
Net amount of Risks " "
written during the
Ne^mounroV Risks ™ 3i ™ •»«» »
expired during the
„ year 21.367,188 253 Sin on
Net amount in force ««w.Sl» 93
December 31. 1902.. 21,041.148 262.098 10
j'H-B^^in^" resident"
... J - «¦ BURGER. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this ->Cth
day of January. 1903. EDWIN F CORF v
Commissioner for C*.!fornlainNewYork.
Pacific Department
314 California St.', San Francisco
W. H. LOWDEN, Manager.
JOHN D. RICHARDS,
Superintendent City Department.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE uAUdt
OF „ v i
U1CLMOL
I Nine-tenths of all oar diseases
bave their beginning with j
CONSTIPATION
It i3 a duty xre owe to our j
body to secure a free move- \
ment of the bowels once every '¦
day. The one reliable remedy ;
for constipation is
KDNYADI JANOS
THE HATURAL UXATIYE WATEB. j
Half a glass on arising gives m 3
prompt and pleasant relief. |
mH JHSM A VCTWflt B m. Pa P"i I*i
BB KKHf Mn8 H SgJ BgLJ***j*?j
M B H RB RBI "* H Blftjfl
H * M 85 ti&& 83 "HI ¦» A «*«gi
S3 ¦* M §33 Isfa r3 "*3 a ¥** J&I
¦jgi WP B_Fnpt -L.i j
everolmatoIted ••
At Manufacturer's Price.
J. MABTY, 22 Ttirl Street.
Factory — 826 Howard Street. Repairing.
SPECIALTIES
Advertised by Responsible Finns of S. F.
l^gfeWLY CALL
p tirely ind QaisUj
, Curd. HO PALI 16 PAGES,
1 so sumitisi
fc!T^ $1 pgr year.
STATEMENT
— OP 1 THB —
CONDITION AND AFFAIBS
—OP THB—
Norwich Dnion Fire
INSURANCE SOCIETY
OF Norwich. England, on the 31st day of
December, A. D. 1900. and for the year
ending: on that day, aa made to the Insurance
Commissioner of the State of California, pur-
suant to the Provisions of Sections 610 and
fill of the Political Code, condensed as per
black furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash f C6O.000. 0O
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company..! 2S9.S0O.0O
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 40.000.00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. . 4.515.0TS.50
Cash In Company's Office SOO.OO
Cash in Banks 1,148,377. 34
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loars 43,531.94
Interest due and acrrued on
Bonds and Mortgages 2SS.0O
Premiums in due Course ofSCol- ,
. lection .7..... 07S.S8e.4a
Bills receivable, not Matured.
taken for Flra and Marino
Bisks 67.011.43
Total Assets ..^..»7.08o.930.6a
LIABILITIES. ~ *
Losses adjusted aad unpaid.....' 1
Losses in process of Adjustment
or In Suspense $267,337.09
Losses resisted, Including ex-
penses , I
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or less.
9 ; reinsurance SO per
cent 2.S61.S13.M
Gross premiums on Flr« Risks
running; more than one year,
$ : reinsurance pro rata.
Cash dividends remaining unpaid. 2.2S0.6O
Due and accrued for salaries.
rent, otc 1 1S.00O.0O
Bills Payable 13,90.03
' Total Liabilities)
INCOME. "
Net cash actually received for
Fir* premiums 13,113.343«T
Received for interest on Bonds
and Mortgages 1,663.00
Received for interest and divi-
dends on Bonds. Stocks, Loans,
and from all other sources 132.SS8.71
Received for Rents 12 -*-"- 8 5
Received from all other sources.. 5. 079. ..4
Total Income $3^307^
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including I . losses of
previous years) '-;-,'»'i^r
Dividends to Stockholders 218.790.00
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage 1.C22.677.17
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 4^6.828.53
Paid for State, National and
Local taxes • • 101.. 29. 03
All other payments and expendl-
tures. *'— 8W -° I
Total Expenditures *L^?1~^
Fire. M
Losses incurred durinjc the year. ..$|.3D3.2U».94
RISK3 AND PREMIUMS.
| Fire Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount of
a^ng theMa". p,»mo«a«.e.
Net amount of
during ntfSS?. !.«•«.«» B.202.740.M
Net amount in
TC^ VeCe . m . ber ._l 1 611.5T9tl0 8.663.333.S2
' irPAVK A CtTBITT. President.
C A B BIGNOLD. Secretary.
Subscribed and »*orn to before me. this
23d day of^arciv lg^
Pacific Department
314 California SI., San Francisco
W. H. LOVVDEM, Manager.
JOHN D. RICHARDS,
Superintendent City Department.
Weekly Cal!. $1 per YearCorn prices reached the lowest point touched
Blnce " the recent fnxrt scare, with December
down to 46%c, but the decline was checked
on buying Induced by indications of a break
in the present fine weather, decreasing receipt*
and the excellent cash demand. Late re-
CHICAGO, Sept. 22. — There was good buy-
Ing In wheat early after a moderately strong
opening based on fairly firm cables and good
export trade prospects, with December up Vi®
*4c at f8%®78V4c. and soon going to 78%c.
The firmness could not stand against the fine
weather and an easy tone in the Northwest
markets due to the prospective millers' strike,
and prices went down before liberal offerings
from Northwest and Southwest, December
touching 7S%c before the decline was checked
A demand arose out of reports of small re
ceipts of Northwest and heavy clearances of
flour and the "natural reaction" theory ap
pears to Influence some buyers. December
went back to 78%@78%c late in the session
and cloeed steady at 7S i A&~»%e, with a gain
of He over yesterday. Trade wu of good
volume.
Chicago Grain Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. 22.— COTTON— Future*
opened steady at an advance of 2 to 7 points
and closed steady, net 23 points higher on Sep
tember to 8 points lower otherwise.
Npiv York Cotton Market;
NEW YORK, Sept. 22.— Tin was lower In
London, spot declining £1 to £118 7s 6d and
futures Cl 5s to £119. Locally tin was quiet
and spot closed at $20 75@27, but tin for Oc
tober delivery, reflecting the foreign weak
ness, was about 15 points lower.
Copper remained dull and more or less nomi
nal In New York, with lake quoted at $13 500
13 02#. electrolytic, $13 60@13 62>i; casting
at $13 25@13 37H-
In London copper was a little lower, spot
closing It's lower at £56, futures 8s lower at
£55 17a (id.
Lead was unchanged here and at £11 2s 7d
in London.
Spelter was 2s 3d lower In London at £21,
but reif ained unchanged here at $6. ¦'
Iron closed at r>Os 6d in Glasgow and at
45s 1'id in Middlesboro. Locally iron was
nominally unchanged, although advices from
Philadelphia were rather bearishly construed
as to the probable future.' No. 1 foundry
Northern, $17; No. 2 foundry Northern, $16 50;
No. 1 foundry Southern anci No. 1 foundry
Southern soft at $15 60616.
New York Metal Market.
BAGS— Grain Bags. h®?>Kc: San Ouentin.
5 55c; Wool Bags. S2£35c: rieece Twine 7^
8c; CottonJFruit Bass. «Hc. 6»Jc and .**c for
the three grades; Brown Jute, SU?J»Vic.
»- InNED FRUITS-Ths California Fruit
Canners' Association. quotes the following price
list for 1303 stock:
' " * -¦ 8?
r I? I I
FRUITS. K JT 3. •*
4 : :
Apples "U 55(*1 30!$l 20JH 10
Apricots 1 TO 1 40j 1 25|
Blackberries 160 1 40 1 30| 1 20
Cherries. R. A 2 25 2 00| 1 80| 1 50
Cherries, white I 1 >*5I 1 701 1 45
Cherries, black 2 10 1 M 1 70 1 45
Grapes. 1 35 1 20 1 10 1 00
Yellow Free Peaches... 1 60 1 30 1 15 1 05
Lemon Cling Peaches... 1 $0 1 55 1 80 1 20
r>o sliced .. 1 75 1 « 1 20 1 10
White Heath Peaches... 1 76 1 1 20i 1 ;o
p par9 1 W 1 «0 1.40 I ?5
Pi um , 1 35 1 15 1 05 95
Ra-pb-rries 2 60 2 25 U 10 1 TO
gtVawbeTrles 2 OOJ 1 75 1 60: I 40
CANNED VEGETABLES— Tomatoes. 2%-lb
standard, S5c; Gre«n Peas— Baby potlt pots.
$1 50- petit pois, $1 35; -extra alftad. $1 15;
standard slftfd. $1: standards. S6c; marrow
fats 82%c; gallon, sifted, $4 25; gallan, stand
ard.'?3 *.5.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wel
llngton. SS: Seattle, $6 50; Bryant. $6 50; Bea
ver Hill, ?5 50; Stanford. $7; Roslyn. $7; Coos
Bay to 50: Greta, $7: Wallsend. $7; Rich
mond $7 50; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and
$14 25 In sacks; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13.
Welsh Lump, $11 60; Cannel. $S 00 per ton;
Coke, $11 5C(jl3 per ton In bulk and $15 In
sacks- Rocky Mountain descriptions, $8 45 p«r
20CO lbs and $S 50 per ton, according to brand.
CORDAGE — The local company quotes as
follows, 60 days or M per cent discount for
cash no sale* under 10,000 lbs: Manila, ll^c:
Blaal, lie; Duplex. 10c; Bale Rope.* injure
Pe pACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb, 4Uc:
cases, regular, 6c; cases, extra large. 5Hc;
Eastern style. 6c; boneless, Be: ••Norway."
6c; "Narrow Gauge," 6^c; "Silver Kjng,"
7Uc; blocks, "Oriental." 6c; blocks, Seabrlght.
6V.c; tablets, 7c; middles. 7i?fSHc: boneless, £ffl
0c! pickled Cod, bbls, $7 50; pickled Cod.
half bb!s. $4 75.
COFFEE — Costa. Rica — 12U01Se for strict
ly prime to fancy washed, 1HST12C for prim*
washed, 10ii910%c for gacd washed. 9»j©ll'.jc
for good to prime washed peaberry. 8Va*JH«e
for good to prime peaberry, 8*iei0e for good
to prime. 7©8c for fair, 436«ic for common
to ordinary. Salvador — ll#12c nominal for
strictly prime washed. SH310'/ic for good to
prime washed, 7H1TSc for fair washed, Otf
10^c for fair to prime washed peaberry.
7T*^S l /*cfor good to prime semi-washed. 7^©
8c for superior unwashed. 7O7^j for good
green unwashed, 7&<38c for good to superior
unwashed peaberry. 4ffCc for Inferior to or
dinary- Nicaragua — 11 \^9 13c , nominal for
prime to fancy washsd. 8(510c nnminal for
fair to strictly good washed. 6?4©7Uc for
good to superior unwashed,' 7}j0Sc tor good to
prime unwashed reaberry. Guatemala and
Mexican— 13>4<815c nominal for faney washed,
ll©13c for prime to strictly prime washeJ.
0%®10H<T for strictly good washed, 93T3^jc f«r
good washed, 7Vs<J9^ie for fair washed, 6<37};c
for medium. 4jjt5c for Inferior to ordinary,
Sii'fflOVic for fair to prime unwashed peaberry,
7»i(98c for good to prime unwashed peaberry.
7W8c nominal for good to superior unwashed,
u©7Vic for ash-daraaged.
LEATHER — Sole. heavy. 20<332e: extra
heavy. 30<S40c per lb: medium. 27©20c; light.
24®26c: Rough Leather. 2*ff2Se; Harness
Leather, heavy. 35©30c for No. 1 and S0<#35c
for No. 2; medium. /30«T37e: light. 29<335e;
Skirting. No. 1. 40<tH2c: No. 2, 3«55Sci Collar
Leather. 15«l«c per foot: Trace Leather. 40<#
44c: Kip. unflni3h»«l. 40tf*50e per lb; Veal, fin
ished, 60©«0e per lb; Calf, ttnished. 65c-3ll per
lb; Wax sides, 16©17c per foot: Belt.Knifa
Splits. 14(B16e; Rough Splits. SfflOc per lb.
TANBARK— Ground, $20^28 per ton; stick.
$15(S18 per cord.
OIL— Linseed. 49c for boiled and 47c for raw
in barrels; cases, 6c more: Castor Oil. In casea.
WHEAT FREIGHTS — The lsst charter was
that of a handy-sized British bark for Barley
to United Kingdom, Havre or Antwerp, at IBs,
which Is about the quotable rate for this busi
ness now. The chartered Wheat fleet in port
has a registered tonnage of 43,340, against 55,
830 tons on the same date lost year; disen
gaged. 88.770 tons, against 57.200; on the way
to this port. 2S0.OOO tons.. against 219,600.
WHEAT — Liverpool futures were weaker and
PariB futures higher.
Chicago ' was fractionally firmer on steady
eables, a good export business and a belief
that the selling fever was exhausted. A good
deal of long Wheat came out during the day,
however. '
This market was easier for cash grain and
firmer for futures. Holders were reported more
willing to sell, but buyers were not willing to
take hold.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 45©1 50; California White
Australian. $1 55<3l CO: Northern Club. $1 45®
1 471,6: Northern Blue Stem, $1 55(51 57%; Ore
gon Valley. $1 50 per ctl.
. FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...?1 42 $1 42Vt ?l 42 ?1 42*i
2 p. m. Session.
• Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...*1 42V1 $1 42^4 $1 42V6 $1 42«^
BARLEY — The market thus far this week
has been very quiet and without feature, and
quotations have shown no change worthy of
note. Offerings are not heavy, but they are
large enough for the demand.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. SI 12>4i!M -15; Shipping and Brewing.
»1 20®l 25; Chevalier, ?1 2001 50 for fair to
C °' Ce ' FUTURES. .
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$ri3tt $1 13V6 $113 $113
I 2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close
I December ...$1 12% Jl 13U $1 \2% %\ is
! OATS— The market continues well held but
! quiet, with a fair seasonal demand, both for
seed and feed. With 'the exception of the ad
vance In Black ten days or so ago operations
have not chanjred for some time.
White, *l 20tf?l 32^4; Black, $1 ««1 65:
Red $1 20#l 22*4 for common and $1 25@1 35
for choice; Gray. $1 27V4 P«r ctl.
CORN — Pricei have shown no changa of con
sequence for some time. The market is quiet
and featureless, with few j samples showing on
Western, sacked,". $1 42%((J1 45 for Yellow,
$1 42% for White and $1 40 for mixed; Cali
fornia large Yellow, $1 50®l 65; small round
do, $1 70@l 75: White, $1 55 per ctl.
RYE— Steadily held and in fair demand at
$1 25^1 80 per ctl. ¦„„,.,,
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25£2 50 per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days — $4 S3
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 SS
New York Exchange, sight — 0T>4
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Silver, per ounce — BSTs
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 4Gvi
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
' SEATTLE. Sept. 22. — Clearings, $743,172;
balances. ?112,314.
TACOMA. Sept. 22.— Clearings. $330,001;
balances. J2O.877.
PORTLAND. Sept. 22. — Clearings, $6.0.352;
balances, $78,6U5.
SPOKANE. Sept. 22.— Clearings, $413,284;
balances, J44.3C2.
Northern Business.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market is
quiet and unchanged. Future3 are attracting
a little better attention and show aome firm
nera. Common are quoted at 4@3c: prime, 5Vi
g.'^c; choice. C@6^c, and fancy, G»;<g7%c-
PRUNES — Are in fair demand and steady to
firm at from 3'iS7c for all grades.
APRICOTS— Met with a good Jobblnc de
mand and rule steady at OVi@O%c for choice,
9«4<s?10'.4c for extra choice and 10V4@12c for
PEACHES— Are steady; choice 7%@7*ic; ex
tra choice at 7%Q8Uc.
COFFEE — Spot Rio. steady: No. 7 Invoice,
C5-Kic: mild, quiet; Cordova, 76'llc. The cof
fee futures market closed firm, 15 to 20 points
higher. Sales were 33,500 bags, including:
October, 4.20@4.35c; November, 4.35S4.40C;
December, 4.«M?4.7Oc; January, 4.70®4.S0r;
March. 4.85@4.95c; May, 5.00c, and August,
5.10£i5.15c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. Sept. 22.— FLOUR— Receipts.
25.2CS tiarrels; exports, (iO22 barrels; dull and
barely steady.
WHEAT — Receipts. 78,500 bushels. Spot,
steady; No. 2 red. 82>-ic elevator and 84c f. o.
b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, SOVic f. c.
b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba, 02c f. o. b.
afloat. Options opened firm on more bullish
cables than expected and foreign buying;. After
a reaction caused by bear pressure prices rose
again, closing He net higher. May, 84%<y
S5 3-U'c. closing 85c; September closed S4ftc,
December closed b*%c.
HOI'S— Steady.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL — Steady.
SUGAR — Raw, firm; refined, firm.
New York Grain and Produce.
General Merchandise.
PORTLAND Sept. 22. — Wheat — Wnlla Wal
la 77c- Bluestem 7Sc; Valley, 78c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Sept. 22.— Wheat— 2c lower. Blue-
Btem, 70c; Club. 75c.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
The Fruit market was amply supplied and
trading was rather quiet, as yesterday was a
Hebrew holiday and many retailer* and ped
dlers Tema lned -. ut.town. The cool, cloudy
weather too. had a. depressing effect upon th»
market. 'particularly on Melons, which dragged
St unsteady rates. Choice Cantaloupes and
Melons brought good prices during the early
trade but wuld be bought at liberal conces
sions later in the day. Watermelons were In
limited supply and inactive, but prices were
unchanged. Peaches were weak. There were
no fancy Freestones received from the moun
tain districts and the market was overloaded
with low-grade offerings of the Salway va
riety Salways in bulk were In fair request
amon* canners and occasional lots of Cltns
"tones sold for the same account at *3W?52 50
ner ton Eartlett Pears were scarce and high
er Apples. Quinces, Pomegranates and
Prunes stood about as previously quoted. Figa
were nlentiful and in fair request at steady
Drice«* Table Grapes in small and large boxes
were in good demand for local us*, but offer
inrs in crates were dull. Zlnfandel Wine
Grapes moved freely and occasional lots of
No 1 stock continued to command a small
premium over the quotations. Some off stock
was cleaned up at low fteures, selling down to
tis' cer ton. Changes in Berries were slight.
Receipts were plentiful and the Inquiry for
choice offerings steady. /
Citrus Fruits were In ample supply and
moved slowly. Lemons were rather easy,
while Oranges and Grape Fruit were firmly
held A carload of Valencia Oranges was
marketed. The market was practically bare
of Bananas, but the Honolulu steamer, which
arrived late in the day, brought up 2458
bU STRA'WBERRIES— ?2$S per chest for Mt-
Ilndas and *5tfTt for other Uree varieties;
Longworths, ?4tfT« per chest.
RASPBERRIES— ?4ffT« rer chest.
BLACKBERRIES— *2(3.T 50 per chest for or
dinary and S3ST6 for fancy from ?anta.Cruz.
HUCKLEBRRRIES— «k»Se per lb.
APPLES — 90e<<J*l 2.Vper box for fancy, 60®
S5c for good to choice and 23<340e for com
'"pEARS— Bartletts, ?1 25<JT1 76; winter varie
ties. !WJ75c per box. . 3
QUINCES — iOJtfiOc cer box.
PIGS Black. eocffSl for doubl" layers. 33<i»
50c for drawers and *lffl 25 for lanre boxes
from the river: White. 50<jT75c per box.
PRUNES 5O«77iic per box or crate. .
PEACHES— Small boxes, 4041.05c; carriers,
B0«ft5c; lance open boxes. CC<375c: per ton, |20
"POMEGRANATES — DO^'V for small boxes
and «CT2 SO for lar^e.
GR\PES — Seedless, «Wl75o per box or crate:
Isabella COW 75c per crate; other varieties. 3SQ
50c for rmall boxes; W?J75c for crates and 75o
(31 2." for large open boxes; Wine Grapes, f*0<!5
23 per ton for Zlnfandel.
MELONS — Cantaloupes, *1i92 rer crate;
Nutmeg Melons. BOc?T?l per box; Watermelons,
1O crrRl' T S C FRtnTR— Oranges. ?2 50<53 for fan
cy Valencia*.' ?2£2 50 for choice and $1<51 50
for standard: Seedling*. fIfl-12S: Lemons. -fl®
S per box: Gwne Fruit. ?2©2 R0: Mexlean
Limes. SRffS Bananas, nominal; Pineap
ples, ?253 per doren.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Apathy continues to prevail in there mar
kets and the situation has not chanyed for
some day.«. There is enough of everything
to go around and dealers are drawing on
stocks of Eastern and cold storage Butter and
Emm to supply any deficiency that may turn
up in the fresh goods. In fact. Eastern Eggs
are being shirred up tnto the Exs districts
to «upply the demand for 'a moderate price ar
ticle This -ha* been done in previous years,
but there la ratW more of it going on this
vear than heretofore. ...
" Cheese continues In liberal supply and quiet.
Receipts were 20,100 lbs Butter. 7S0 cases
F""cs and S200 lbs Chee»e.
1JUTTER— Creamery. Bonnie for extras and
"««2Rc for seconds; dairy. 21S24c; store But
te7 17'i*flOc; cold storage. 24<ff::5c; Eastern.
?WPMB-Kew 12«iS13e; Young America,
la^HcPlTstern; lS^lCc; Western. 14015c
Pe FGGS— Ranch. 3U@:mic for lance whlto s-
, .^TVT.5 -nerve for fair to choice; store.
2 f4327cfcoTd^tor ae e 0 . r 243r26c; Eastern. 22%®
21 \k c P er dosen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
] Feat her Report.
The Weather and Crops.
T!:* weekly report of A G. McAdle. section
director of the Climate and Crop Service of the
"VVesther Bureau, if a? fellows:
GENERAL SUMMARY
The temperature war- r.'arly normnl and the
vsthfr CTerelly clear in the interior durins
the week. F-.-ss prevailed in the coaft dis
tricts. Lipht frofTs occurred in i^me section*.
J'ires cauw-d cpr.riderable damage to timber
icrds in Santa <.'ru)! and Sonoma counties.
<" r.d'.tinns favortd fruit drying and raiy'.n
r.akinp, new in pfOCTCM in all parts of the
,-:atP. Th^ first crop of raisin prapes 13 nearly
. ;i Gathered ar.d on the trays and the second
crop "will soon be barVfSted: both opjj->s are re
\<an*i bemvy iti meet fceci.ter.s and of exceller.t
cuallty. Wine graphs are going to wineries
;r. l^rc^ yuentitlfs ar.d heavy shipments of
Tokays an i oth^r table grip— continue. Prune
i^KkinE and drying ere In pn'gros and nearly
¦ mpletod in pom<- districts; the fruit is of e»
f<-llfnt <iuallty. but the yield to sllKhtly belov.
average. Other varieties of uecidur.us fruit*
have yielded heavily and fire nearly all *e
<jrfd; larpe rhij rncnts of dried fruits ere being
r> at!e. Citrus fruits sire in pood condition in
»''.! MCtSooS, »n<* prar4.<-s in the Oroville district
liavr. commenced rii*»nir;g. Apptal are rlf^e an<!
lie,- j'ickir.g i.« completed and haling is In
s»; the to? in alv.^ut averaps and the
¦ ¦¦ .',!:*. p^ii. UeaSA. corn and tagu berts sm>
:j. fcarverted er.d irtddlac v«r>' satisfac
u.r? craps. The heavy frrain crr>j. in Sv>uthern
CmlllamlM is rapl£ly poinK to w-art-houses or
'!r;ns eh'i.»*d. Th>- hay crcp is" all e«rcure<i.
t=.\c:uMF..\TO VALI.KY
<*liar. v.arm weethtr i>rt'vai!«sl during the
««&. vitti licht northerly Wlada. Fruit dry
in* and raifin making are pr"crcfsing «.£t:Rfac
rlljr. Thf wrwuirt croo of grains :s rii'pJim^
ad tie yield i# reported h<»avy. Large quan
••r* ct wine sraj'es are g.i!n? to the wineries
. •! heavy ehipments of t3b!t> Kra.i*s continue.
ncs ere tail to be a lipfct crop in some tec-
•if. Nearly all ether deciduous fruits have
;*¦ *a esthered. and dried p«iches, prun<-«. an.l
1 ra a.re ircir.R Eart in carload lots; all frui'.t
- of excellent quality. Citrus fruits look
• !1. and It is reported that oranc^s 1 in the
¦ r< \ille district ate bf«ir.ni:iR to rtjK-n. Hop
: ;:',!;-* oontlnues. Corn is in good condition.
' : v 'p*d is scarce.
COAFT AND BAY SECTIONS.
•;"h«? w«-*th<r durini? the week was nearly nor
:.-::i. F"orf jircvall^d In the coast districts and
Jipht frost! occurred in Lak«. Monterey anil
Kan Luie Obisr»> counties. Forest fire? caupfd
• onsiderable damage to limber In Santa Crui
and Sonoma counties. Conditions were gener
alljr favorable for fruit doing and ripening
prapes and late fruits. Drape harvest is pro
prrFMns rapidly end tbp <-rcp is reported very
Rood; heavy shipments of Tokays are b<Mng
made from Vecaviil". Prune drying is nearly
completed In San Ber.ito County. wh«re the
crop is about average. Apple picking i* in pnj
presg. Some cf the walnut Rtnra near Peach
land are badly damapod by blight. Bean har
vest is xrx)irr***lTig rapidly; th<? crop is turning
out better than exr>ected in some sections.
Corn and potatoes in Sonoma County are re
ported lirht.
SAN JOAQXIN VALLEY.
Clear weather, with modpratcly warm day
end cool nights, prevailed during the past
week. These condition* were favorable for
harvesting and curing the rai.»ln and prune
crops Prune drying is pro«rre»-slngr rapidly:
the crrp is light but of good r.uality. The grape
hsrv^ft Is in full prcprer* : the flirt crop of rai
fin grape* has nearly all been plckoi in some
localities and i-ome cf thc-m are ready for the
pweat boxes. Table erapep fere being marketfd
in lanre «juantltif-p end wineries are buyy
<-ru*h!r.s Zinfandels. Almond harvest Is well
advanced and pome are being shipped to mar
k«t. Dry fffd Is jr»ttins- sh"rt, but stock are
hpaUhy ar.d in to<-id condition.
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA
* This weather during the week was generally
¦warm and clear In the interior and foegy alon*
the. coa5t. Grap* riokinir is progrressinK in
nearly all sections: the yield Is reported gr>cd.
Raisin curing and wine making continue.
Prure harvest Is !n progrefs at Ontario. Ap
ples are nearly all gathered and the yield is
very satisfactory. Ouunei are doing well and
tiroppects are good for a l«tr*;t* crop. R*an har
v**i continues; the crop is reported trood.
Purar beet harvest in Vcnrura County will b?
f>nip!eted tbout October 1. Corn is of rood
<iuality and yielding better than expected. Late
rotatoes are doing well. The heavy jrrain crop
is tveins snipped and stored. IrrlRation water
is low In some place*.
LOS ANGELES SUMMARY.
rvjr.slderaMe grain remains unthraahed: work
if being nif-hed for fear or *arly rains. Prune
urvtrse 1* i.roprew=tnp; the rrop ts li^ht to fair.
Sal way peach** are riptnlng; crop light. Lale
t.Iarfled potato" look well-
EUREKA SUMMARY
Weather conditions were favorable for crops
and farm work. Vegetable* and fruit of all
k'lds are abundant and of excellent quality.
A*ppl*s are ripening slowly. Some plowing is
O2Cth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO. Sept. 22—5 p. m.
COAST. RECORD.
' a K K r 2 2 ?
E gS p? a- sTi 3
3 =3 £2 <c £0 S.
STATION. i »S «| =5 =¦"* c
5 t £• ? 5
c S : *
.-. yVX.,. \*£iyy. : :
ijlker sr..(* 7S 40 SE Cloudy loo
rt^Tn ' . . 2«.»0 « ** N Olear .00
r.^'lcn It) 05 £2 f.2 NW Cloudy .00
RS5v:l\v5S 88 T,4 KW Clear .00
inline* MM 84 CU E Clear .Oji
»i* Antflrt 29 06 7S M SU Pt.Cldy .00
'n Tlm K aip'i.:50.O4 76 C5 NW Clear .00
I'^CrTlo::: 30.10 80 «« RW. Clear .00
I 'w "ana 30 04 7S r,0 W Cloudf .00
i'^i Reyes" 29 ««> fi 49 NV/ Foggy .00
nSjnST iaiiM P2 M F.K Clear .00
T-ofebur* 30.00 M T.Z NW C\eoT .00
j4cr«u£er.to l.Sa.V* « PO K Clear .00
J^ilt I-ake T.0.C2 80 TA "W Clear -JjO
Francisco.30.04 <!2 C2 V Clear .00
Inn L ObiEpo.SO.04 72 <» TV -^J
K*n lSiego.r:.29.!»S 72 «> SW Pt-Cldy .00
Pe«Ul« 30.08 <* 60 NW Cloudy .<»
Fn^ane 30.12 72 4« NE Cloudy .00
tSJSt M 4% P Rain 1.00
\ValU WalU.. 30.04 SO C2 E Clear .00
LONDON. Sept. 22. — The ofTorings at th»
wool auction rales to-day numbered 13,132
bales. Merinos' were in brisk demand chiefly
for the Continent. Greasy combing sold well
to France and Germany. Moderate supplies of
greasy crossbred* and fine ooinblnirs were
taken by American buyers at firm rates. Lirge
lines of scoureds were bought for Germany.
Londjn Wool Sales.
The Poultry market was less aotlve and
lacked the vim and snap which characterized
trailing last week, as the demand for the He
brew holidays was over and retailers wera
well supplied. Rrcripts of domestic stock
wpr; moderate and althoUKh the market had
an easier tone. rverythtnR cleaned up well at
the previously tjuotrd rates. No Western
cam; in but a car was reported clos<» at hand
and ivil' probably be available to-day.
Game arrived freely and cleaned up well at
previous prices.
I'OULTRT — Young Turkeys, nominal; Geese,
per pair. *1 50'ffl 75; Goslings, *2«?2 25:
Ducks ?4'g5 per dozen for old and {S'J-fl
for young; Hens $4 3<!0R 50; young Roosters.
?r>ift»i; o'.fl Roosters $4 3C<93; Fryers, $3 RO'/r
4 0>>; Broilers $."ift3 50 for large and *2 50(ff3
for small; Pigeons. ?l B0 per dozen for old nn-i
$1 GG4?2 for Squab!".
GAME — Rabbits, Jl 75 per do^er. for Cotton
tails; Hare. $1 25 per dozen; Wild Doves, $1
per doren.'
Poultry and Game.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, Isss 60
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE: Steer?. ?S0c; Cows and Heifers.
7«se: thin Cows. 435c per pound.
CALVES 43SUc per pound (rross weight).
SHEEP— "Wethers. 3'4£3*ic; Ewes. S3J ; 3 e
per pound (gross weight).
L\MBS— $2 73U3 c#r head.
HOGS— Llv Hojts. 150 to 250 lbs. 5Tic: under
150 lbs RiiffS^c: So-as. 20 per cent off; Boars.
50 per c«r.t off. and Stags. 40 per cent off from
above quotations.
DRESSED MEATS
Who>sal% rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: -
BEEF— 6<3"c for Steers and 6£Sc per lb
f °VEAL^-Larg«. 6UtfR%c; small O^lOc I*r
P °M ! !:tTON— Wethers. 7%C8%c; Ewes. 7£Sc
per pcund.
LAMB— OGlOc per pound.
PORK— Dre?!-ed Hots. SVi©»V«c per pound.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The l«ca\ packers have reduced their purchas
ing prices and name 5%c »s the best flares for
Hogs .-aylntr that If thfy took all the Hos^
thct .ir« beinr offered th#m at «5e they would
b« ?wamp*d. Receipts of all grades are now
""Mutton Is somewhat weaker, and both liv*
and dressed Sheet) are a shade lower. There
Is no change in Lamb and Veal. Supplies of
ev?rythlns are nbundant
Meat Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. 22. — There was no
change to-day in the narrow and professional
character of the sto<-k market. The dullness
and lassitude were Knrwwhat arefntuated by
the- occurrence of the Jewish New Year, v.hich
cauF<-<i an ab.srnce of a part of the membership
of the Kxchange. The price movement was
an inversion of that of yesterday, the advance
c.>min«: early and the reaction later with price I
changes unimportant. Kor the first time in a ,
number of days Unit»<l States Steel did net ;
touch a new low record anJ this was taten by
the leaders to indicate that liquidation in
that security was over. They marked uy the ¦
Trice aocordmffiy and the advance in the gen- ¦
eral mr.rket was litt!e more than a syinpa- ]
t h*-tic response to thit" movement. Late in the J
day urgent yelling j.rep?ure developed in the I
1'nlted States Jfttel secend- mortKage - bonds. |
They were forced down to 73. which is "j low- ,
tr than their j-ievicus low record. This ;
rromj.ud the traders to thr-.w over the stocks ;
they had taken *ar!icr in the day and wiped :
cut t!i^ day j edv&nce, with th3 result that j
Email looses nre interspersed with- small net ;
gains. Tbe buylns movement of the morning ¦
was largely concentrated, a single house being
Credited with the purchase of no less than j
Ao.itfiO rhares arcund the room. There was ¦
little in the news of the day to account for the j
movement of r>ricep. The r-cllapse of the -ef- 1
fort:; to save the Consolidated Lake Supfrior !
Company from bankruptcy seemed to have i
Deen discounted and may even have been a j
factor in the recover}' of United States Steel, j
The removal of the prcspe«,-t of the immediate ;
demands ujjon capital to ketp this compaJiy j
artoat seemed to afford a srim rort of relief
in the »pirit of dread of corporation credit re
quirements which Wall street has come to
The same spirit was responsible for the «harp
dr^p in New York Central on revival of rejwrts
that the company vas negotiating a large loan i
to provide for Its Immediate requirement in I
connection with the terminal improvements in j
this city. The news from the crops continued j
favorable, the Weather Bureau's weekly re- j
l<ort receiving a bearish interpretation both as
to corn and cotton. The grangers were well
supported in cor.nequer.ee throughout. A round •
H.O<Kt.<X>o wrs deposited at the sub-Treasury I
for telegraphic transfer to New Orleans, show- |
ing the approach to the maximum flow of the j
season of the cotton crop funds. The market
clcsed easy, the late break in United States
Steel second mortgage bends causing a weak- :
nerr in the formerly irrosrular bond market.
Total Fales, par value, J1.9S5.OOO.
United States bonds were all unchanged or
the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Shares. High. Low. Close.
Atehii^n 25.400 «i5% K,% «5
Atchison pfd 1.100 80*4 K»'i MH*
Bait & Ohio 5.400 73V4 79*4
Bait & Ohio pfd 86
Canadian Pac 2.400 123 H 121% 122
Cent of N J l.*>7
Chesap & Ohio ... C00 31% 30% 30%
Chic & Alton l<"0 21 V« 21 V 4 21
cfiic a Ait rfd 100 cz% c:i r * (a
Chic & G West.. 5»K> 10 15V» 15',i
Chic & G W B pfd. 100 28% 28% 28
Chic & Nwtst .. 400 158 156>/a 155
Chic Ter & Trs 0^
Chic T&T pfd.. 100 lS'i lStf 18^
C C. C. & St. L. 70
Colo Southern .100 12'i 12Vj 12»4
Colo South If-t pfd .?00 W-m «9l^ m',2
Colo South 24 pfd <XK> 20% 20^j 20' /2
Dela & Hudt-on .. 400 157 15(i 15«
l)e!a Lark & West 230
Denver & Rio G 23»i
Den & P-io G pfd.. 400 75ti 75 75>' t
Erie ... 7,400 27-% 27 27%
I^ie 1st rfd 1.100 C"»?4 65 or>i, 4
Erie 2d pfd 1.000 4S 47 47%
Great North pfd 1«U
Hocking Valley (u
Hocking Val pfd... 100 79'i 70^ 79
Illinois Central .. «00 131 '/* 13014- ISO
Iowa Central 18%
Iowa Cent pfd >J3
Kaa City South.. 100 2C 20 20V4
Kas City South pfd 37
I.ville & NasMllle 1.200 102^ 101% 10m
Manhattan L 700 irtt'4 l.T! 132%
Met St. By W>f> 1'2'i 112'4 112
Minn & St Louis.. 100 5G 5C 54
Missouri Par- 8.7OD HI w*hi 8«Ts
Mo. Kas & Tex.. 300 19 19 19
Mo. K9s & Tex pfd 30%
N R R of Mex pfd 39%
N Y Central 5.100 120 118 118%
Norfolk & Western 000 01% Cl COJi
Norfk & West pfd «S
Ont & West 200 21% 2Ui 21%
Penn 8.000 123*4 122'4 1221»
Pitt. C. C. & St L 100 01% 01% 62
Reading 7,7<i0 F>0% 48^ 48%
Heading 1st pfd.. 200 77 77 75
Reading 2d pfd.. < 500 OS CS C7%
Rock Island Co S.'jOO 2«% 26 2«? 8
Hock Is Co pfd.. 000 03 82% «2
Ft L & San Fran 50
Et L & S F 1st pfd 65
St L & S F 2d pfd 400 48 43 48
St L Swest.. oOO 14T4 UH 1*%
St L Swest T>fd 200 34% 34% 3.5%
St Paul 20.S00 14O9i 130% 139%
St Paul pfd 173
South Pac ..> 500 43% 42% 42%
Southern Ry 1.000 21% 21 21
Southern Ry pXd 84%
Tex & Pac 1.400 2i5% 25% 25%
Tol St L & West... 300 17 17 ' 16%
Tol. St L & W pfd 25
Union Pac 19.100 73% 72% 72%
Union Pac pfd.... 100 85% 83% 83%
Wabash 20
Wabash pfd 1.200 32% 32 31%
W & Lake Erie 200 16 1« 15%
Wisconsin Cent 1.5O0. 17V* 17% • 17
Wiscon Cent pfd.. 100 39% 39% 37
Express Companies —
Adams 223
American lbO
United States W0
Wells-Fargo 200
M iBcellaneous—
AmaJcam Conper . 16.30O 44% 43% 433s
Am Car &. Fdy... 4.400 2fl% 25% 25%
Am C & Fdy pfd.. 500 79 79 77%
Am Unseed Oil... 100 10% 10ft 10%
Am Lin Ol! pfd... 25
Am Locomotive ... BOO 17% 16% 16%
Am Locomo pfd .. 400 S4% 84 84
Ain Sntlt &. Rfg. 2.0W 42% 42% 42%
New York Stock Market.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
TUESDAY, Sept. 23 — a p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I • Bid. Ask.
Is ir coup.. — — [4s qr c (new) — —
4s qr re§r . — — \Z* qr coup.. 107 —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A TV 5s. — — I Do 5* — 114
Bay CTC 59.10a%I0C»4| Do con 5s. — —
Cal C G 5s. .103 — \O W C g 5s — 97^
OtI G & E e lOceanlc S 5a — —
m & ct 5s. — — |Om C R <J». — —
Cal-st 5s — — j Pac G lm 4s — —
r C Wat 0s. — — V E Ry 5s.. — 110
Ed L & P Cs. — — Pt CR8s. — —
F i C II 6s. — — P & O R fis. — —
Geary-st 5s. . — — Powell-M 6s. — —
HC * S 5U 9 — — !s E GAR 5s — 103
H C & S 5a. ICO — ISF & SJV 5s — 121
Hrm R T 6s.lCC^l(V» IS R of C 6s. — —
L A Elec 6s. — 105 IS P at A «s
L A Ry fs». — — («¥*>> 107%1081'j
L A L Co Cs — — (1910) — —
Do gtd Cs. — — S I* of C 6a
Do gti Ps. — — (19O5)Sr A.104% —
LAP lem 5s. 101 — (19fl,'»)Sr B.105% —
Mkt-st C fia.117% — U0O6) 107ft —
Do lem 5s — 110% <1012) 117 —
NRR of C «slO7J.»lC8 SFC 1 car 5s. — 118%
NRC of C 5a — — Do stmpd.. 107*4108 K,
N P C R 5s. — 108% S P B R 6s — —
N C R 5s... — — S V Wat 6s. — 105%
N C P C 5s. — 101% Do 5s 2dm. 100 —
N S R 5s... — 100% Do 4s 3dm. — 99%
O G L H 5s. — 110 Stkn O&E 6« — 102%
O T Co 6». . — — IT G & E 5s. — 10O
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 50 I Port Ccst3..' — —
Marin Co ... CO — (Spring Val.. 83 MH
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L&P. — 5 SacEG&R— —
EquJt Gas... — — S F G & E.. 87TJ t»M
Mutual EL. — — » F Gas ... — —
Pac G Imp.. — 58 Stock G & E. — —
Fac Lighting — — I" G * E — —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
BFG4E.. 67% «U I
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd. — 35O /
BANK STOCKS.
Am Nat Bk. — — |LPtA ... — *~Z-
Anglo-Cal .. — — Iller Trust ..230 —
Bank of Cal. — • — iMerch Ex .. — —
Cal Safe Dp. — — |S F Nation! — — ¦ f
SAV1NGS BANKS.
Ger S & L. . — — Sav 6 L Sac - 102%
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk. . — —
Mutual Sav. .600 70O Union T Co. — —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..199% — /Presidio .... — 41
Geary — — I
POWDER. ¦
Giant €5 66 fVIgorit 4x4 5
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. . lie 30c Kilauea S C. !S 6
Hawaiian C. 4.TU — Makaweli C. 21 —
Honokaa S C 13*4 14 Oncmea S C. 32»; 34
Hutch S P C 13% 13% Paauhau 3 C 16?i 17
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.154 155 lOceanlc S C. «% 7
Cal Fruit As 96% 97 Pac A F A.. 2% —
Cal Wine As 98% 97% I Pac C Borax. — —
Morning Session.
Board —
45 Hawaiian Com. & Sugar 45 25
120 Hawaiian Com. & Susar. b 10... 45 25
75 Honokaa Co :.... 13 75
10 Oceanic SS Co (cash) 7 0O
200O P&clflc Electric Ry 5 110 CO
12S Trustees' Cert. S F G & E 67 87%
70 Trustees' Cert. S F G &. E 67 87%
Street —
10.000 Oakland Transit Co.. 6s 121 00
7,000 Market-st Cable. Cs 113 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
20 Alaska Packers Assn 134 23
5 Cal Fruit Canners 97 0O
10 Hutchlnson S P Co i:{ CO
5 Kilauea Sugar P Co 5 CO
10 Paauhau S P Co 16 75
Street —
5 S V Water- S3 50
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Stock — Bid, Ask.
Caribou Oil Co X 05 1 15
Four Oil *7 *•!>
Hanford Oil 110 0O
Horn* Oil .-. 95 1 00
Imperial Oil 13 CO
Independence Oil 17 lft
Junction Oil 20 21
Kern Oil 4 50 4 S7Vi
Lion Oil 03 04
Monte Cri!«to Oil 74 ....
Monarch Oil 03 M
Oil City Petroleum 2!> 39
Peerless Oil 1* W>
Reed Crude Oil 44
San Jcaquln Oil 5 a) ....
Sterling Oil 2 75 3 10
Thirty-three Oil 7 25 SCO
Twenty-eight OH * 00
Union Oil .!££2
United Petroleum 100 CO
West Shore Oil 2 00 3 25
Miscellaneous—' Z-ZZW*
Abby Land and Imp 1 33 1 50
Alameda Sugar .¦••1 > ' °j?
American Biscuit 88 CO C3 00
American District Tel &&*-*'*?»£
Bay Counties Power ....
C*l. Central Gas and E
Cal. Cotton Mills SS 00
Cal. Jockey Club 103 00
CaL Powd«r _i - ii
Cal. Shipping Co ._i"li ,t2 S2
Cal. Title Ins and Trust 130 00 140 (^
City and County Bank . . ..
Central Bank of Oakland... 6O0O ....
Chutes Company 2 25,- •***
Cypress Lawn Imp Co 6 37% ....
Eastern Dynamite
Ewa Susar Plantation -i'li
I Gas Consumers' Assn 235O
Honolulu Susar .... 18 00
London & 8 F Bank (Ltd)..\ .... ....
Mercantile Trust ••••
Nevada National Bank ...-
Northern Cal Power 8 50 ©SO
North Shore Railroad » 0O
- Orpheum Company 15 25 ....
. Paelflc States Tel and Tel 122 50
EASTERN MARKETS.
There xrere no changes ¦worthy of note.
Local securities were quiet and the oil stocks
dull.
Th» Pacific Coast Borax Comoany has de
clared a regular monthly dividend of $1 per
share, payable September 29.
The Homestake Mining Company of South
Dakota has declarad a reeular monthly divi
dend of 2S cents Per share, payable Septem
ber 25.
The Mercantile Trust Company has declared
a (i»mi-annual dividend of $3 per share,
amounting to $30,000, payable October 1.
ST. LOt'IS, Sept. 22. — Wool, steady: me
dium grades .combing and clothing, 16??21c;
lighi fine, 15©17%c; heavy fine, 12314%o: tub
washed, 20^30c,
St. Louis Wool Market.
BOSTON. Sept. 22. — The wool market has
not changed materially during the past w**-k.
While on the wfiole the market has been quit",
there has been a fair amount of business.
Prices are strong nn<l manufacturers are hold
ing off In the hop? of a lireak. but there does
not eeem to be u. woak spot in the whole list.
Quotations:
Territory — Idaho, fine, 14«il5c: fine medium.
16 1 ,i©17 I '.c; medium, ISrilOc; Wyoming, flne,
14»»i5c: fine medium, lfiUi-aiT'^c; medium, 18»,j
WISH-; Utah and Nevada. line, llV?I17c; fine me
dium, 17@17%c; medium, 19Q20&
Boston Wool Market.
ST. JOSEPH. Sept. 22. — CATTLE — Receipts,
4f>00; active, steady; native?, $3 65ff5 40; cows
and heifers, $1 75Q4 70; stocken and feeders,
$2 75®4 25.
HOGS — Receipts. M50: steady to 5c lower;
llsht. $5<£TG 25; medium and heavy. $5 So^'i 10.
SHEEP — Receipts. 3S5; steady.
ST. JOSEPH
CHICAGO, Sept. 22.— CATTLE— Receipts.
500O; steady; good to prime steers, $5 40<36:
poor to medium. $3 P0S5: stockers and feeders.
$2 40^4 15; cow?, $1 40J?4 50; heifers, 1235;
canners, $1 40@'2 60; bulls, $2@4 75; calves,
$3 60Q"; Texas fed steers, $3ft4; Western
steers. $2 75€f4 50.
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 11.000; to-morrow.
25 000: steady to 10c lower; mixed and butch
ers J5 70(30 35; good to choice heavy, $5 !>r.@
6 25; rough heavy, $r> W3& 90; light, $5 80®
0 30; bulk of sales. $5 S038.
SHEEP— Receipts, 18,000; eheep, steady;
lambs, steady; good to choice wethers, $3 60@
4 25; fair to choice mixed, $2 25@3 25; Western
Sheep, $2 75(*?4; native lambs, $3 75#6; West
ern lambs, W55 50.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
STOCK MARKET.
Winnemueca .SO. 00 82 38 SW Clear .00
Yuma 29-S8 90 70 E Pt.Cldy Tr.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pr'fsure has fallen rapidly along the ex
ireme northern coast and good rains are report
td in N'-«rtuwf-st.ern Washington. The rain area
from the northern disturbance will probably ex
tend southward to Northern California.
Another disturbance overlie* th» States of So
nora and Chihuahua and has caused heavy
rains in NorthweEtern Mexico. Showers will
probably occur Wednesday from Vuma to 1m
Papo and possibly in California eouth of the
Tehachapi. - , _
Fog prevails at the Farallones, Points Reyes
and Eureka.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. September 23:
Northern California — Cloudy Wednesday, with
fog along the coast: probably light rain in
1 northern portion; fresh southerly winds.
Southern California — Cloudy, unsettled weath
er Wednesday; probably showers in the moun
tains; frfsh FouthweFt wind.
Nevada— Fair Wctln«>sday.
Fan Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy T\ ednes
day. with fcg In the morning and at night;
fre«h southeast win.ie. changing to brisk west
erly. A. G. McADIE, District Forecaster.
Receipts of Potatoes were light and the
market was steady under a fair demand for
local use. The demand from outside points
continued very Hsht and shipping stock
dragged at unsteady prices. There were 746
tacks of Oregon .Burbanka received by th«
Portland steamer, but they arrived too late
to be sold and were held over for to-day's
market. Sweet Potatoes moved off well and
prices were firmer. One car came in from
Merced. Previous prices ruled for Onions,
which were in free supply.
Stocks of vegetables, while light, were am
ple, and changes in prices were slljjht. To
matoes continued to arrive freely and were
rather weak than otherwise, with low grade
offerings of bay going to the canners at the
minimum quotation. Prices of String Beans
ranged hipher. while Wax and Lima Beans
wera steady at the previously quoted rates.
Green Corn continued firm under light receipts
and Cucumbers and Summer Squash cleaned
up well at steady rates. Green Peppers, Okrn
and Egg Plant were plentiful and unchanged.
POTATOES— Burbanks from th« river, 60c®
$1 per ctl; Salinas Burbanks, SI 25fl 40 per
ctl; River Reds, S0@90c per ctl; Sweet Pota
toes, .lobbing at $1 AMtl 50 per ctl
ONIONS— 509 G5c P<>r ctl.
VEGETABLES — Gre*n Com, $1^1 R0 per
sack; crates from Alameda, $1 50<gi "5 ; from
Berkeley $l<gi 2K; Green Peas, 2113c p*>r lb;
Rring Bears. 2'i«T4c per lb; Wax. 3%!tMc;
Lima Beans. SftJ'^c per lb; Tomato-!". 35^
65c pfr box; Summer S-iuajh. 4Otff60c p#r box.
Cabbage. 60o per ctl; Carrots. 73c per sack;
Cuoumb»rs. 4C?S0c per box; Pirkle Cucumbers,
utj-*%o for No. 1 and l'52%c per lb for others;
Garlic. 2fS:ic per lb: Green Peppers. 3095ft:
p?r box or yark; Green OWra. ."5?T50c per box;
E(?g Plant, 35<550c per box; Marrowfat Squash,
$1(11712 per ton.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
These prices do not cover the cheaper graces,
a« it is Impossible to quote regular prices en
them.
EEEF— Prime P.cift. 15Cl«c; Porterhouse
Fteek. lRg-22»,iC: Tendericin Steek. ir-316c;
PirliMn Steak. 12%<!Tir.c; Tcp Round Steak.
12Se; Erpf Stew. Hk: CcrnM Beef. &§10c;
Four Bones. 4<~: Poup Meat. S^lOc.
VEAL— Loin Roast. l.'.^Oc; Shoulder Roast,
12%?15e; Cfccps er.d Cutlets, 15#20c; Stew.
MUTTON— Leg. 124G15c; ForeQuarter. 8@
V"*: Stew. 8510c: Prime Chepe. 12%^lSe.
LAMB — Leg. 2^«c; Fcrequ«irt«rr, 12%@15c;
JIindquart«T, 1PiS20c: Shoulder Roast. lOg
it'H^: Chop*. 15^1«c.
PORK — Roart. li'i'SISc: Chop*. lS-glSc.
The f<5lIt>*-lT!g retail price* for meats are
quoted by «he Retail Butchers' Protective Ae
foc'atlon:
Retail Meat Prices.
Wheat— Se P l - Jan.-Apl.
Opening 21 10 21 20
Closing 21 20 21 o0
Opening" 31 10 2S 40
Closing 31 B5 2S 40
¦rvi.,,.,* Sept. Oct. Dec.
O^ntnV <j^ 6|% 6 4H
Closing 6 3% 6 3% 649*
PARIS.
LIVERPOOL.
Foreign Futures.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creameries, 16@21e: dairies,
14@18%c. Eggs Hrm; at mark, cases returned,
lSif/19c. Cheese, firm; 10®ll%c.
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks... 4. 230, Wheat, ctls.....
Flour, qr sks... 9.694 Shorts, sks 2.500
Oats, ctls 1.400 Middlings. «k».. 5.V5
Potatoes, sks... 741 Wool, bales 10o
Bran, eks 4.0001
OREGON.
FOR TUESDAY. PEPTE\fBER 22.
Flour, qr sks. . . 3.«»fi«!Fee<i. ok* 2*
Wheat, ctla 2.SS0 Tallow, ctls 255
Barley, ctls 2.100 Pelts. No 3.2HI
Oats, ctla l.iX*>! Hides, No 5.14
Corn ctls" l.OOOlSngaT. etli 2.4<*>
Beans, sks <l.99o: Quicksilver, flkj. (X*
Potatoes, sks... 1.040; Leather, rolls... 377
Onions, sks Siifji Brandy, gals l.«0rt
Hay. tons 511; Wine, gals 6O.JWSO
Hops bales r,n«:Lim«>. bbls 413
Wool! bales 113t
Receipts of Produce.
Hides and Tallow are unchanged.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls' and brands sell
about l ] .4c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 9%e; medium. S%e; light. 8c; Cow
Hides. ?c for heavy and 8e for light; Stags.
«c: Salted Kip. 8%e; Salted Veal. 0%e:
Ealted Calf 10c: dry Hides. 15tI15%c: dry Kip.
13c; dry Calf 17c; She^psktns^ shearlings. 2.VJ
30c each; short wool. 40iff50c each; medium. 7C
©90c; long wool. $1^1 50 each; Hors* Hid<«.
salt. $2 75 for large and $21J2 50 for medium.
$1 25C1 75 for small and 50c for Colts: Horse
Hides dry. $1 75 for large and $1 50 for me
dium ' $151 25 for small and 50e for Colts.
Buck SVlns — Dry Mexican. 32%c: dry salted
Mexican. 26c; dry Central American. 32%c.
Goat Skins — Prime Angoras. 76c; large and
smooth 50c; medium. 35e; small. 20c.
TALLOW— No 1 rendered. 4%f4%e per lb;
No. 2, 4^4 We; grease. 2^t3c.
¦WOOL Fall clip — San Joaquln Lamba . P^
12c- Foothill 10®12c: Middle County, 11TT1.1<-.
Quotations for spring clip are as follows:
Humboldt and Mendoclno. l*<rr20-; Nevada. 13
glSc; Valley Oregon, fine. 18£10c; do, medium.
17i?lPc: drt coarse. lMJlTe per lb.
HOPS— 22U26c per lb for California and^ 19
©23c for Oregon.
The Wool market is still hampered by the
strike, which is only partially settled. Busi
ness Is practically at a standstill, but there i*
no serious accumulation of stock, as there Is
not much coming in. The local trade say
that the starting prices this season were too
high and that a reaction was bound to cc
cur sooner or later. The Eastern markets are
reported in fair condition and this market
would be likewise were it not for the strike.
Hops ar» fairly active and firm. Oregons
are selling below Callfornias. as they are show,
ing damage from mold and vermin. Local
dealers report that during the past two years
the picking of California Hops has not been
up to »he usual standard, owing to the high
prices, and that the bales from some districts
oftea contain stems and leaves, which are
hurting th» reputation at our Hops as a su
perior article. They say that If this practice
Is continued permanent Injury to the business
will result.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
A r .i r ip« Receipts. Shipments.
Flour bbls 18.983 12.960
Wheat bu . 168.550 43.200
Corn bu . 722.000 357.345
Sat"; bu . . : : : 165.700 172,22a
Rye bu 4, i&O
Sarl'ey. bu TZ.3S9 8.6T0
Beans continue to advance under the active
purchases of the »horts who have got to fill
their sales of. some time ago. Then, too, as al
ready mentioned, the crop la not turning out as
large as expected, hence the market is in very
firm condition all around.
BEANS— Baycs, $2 76«2 90; Pea. $3 25; But
ters. $3 25; small White, $3#3 35; large White,
$.1&3 15; Pink. $3(33 25; Red, $2 90® 3; Lima
$3 C0#3 ft5; Red Kidneys. $4; Blackeye, $2 6.V5
2 85 per ctl: Horse Beans, $1 4001 50.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $1 7O0J1 SO; Canary,
oGBWl for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal: Rape,
I%i3>2%e; Timothy, 656V-e; Hemp, 3Vi©3%c
per lb; Millet, 3©3%c; Broom Corn Seed, $203
23 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Green, ?1 S0HJ2 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady: No 2 red spring wheat, 77<&79c; No. 2
corn, 47'Ac; No. 2 yellow, 48%c : No. 2 white
oats 40c; No. 3 white, 37®39c; No. • 2 rye,
54%Q58c- good feeding barley, 48Q49c; fair
to choice malting, 52359c; No. 1 flaxseed.
96 %c- No 1 Northwestern. $1 01; prime tim
othy seed $3 20; mess pork, per bbl. $13®
13 12'A- lard, per 100 lbs, $9 55®« 60; short
ribs sides (loose). $9@O =5: dry ealted shoulders
(boxed) C%c; short clear sides (boxed). 8%@
9Hc- clover, contract grade. $9 75@i) 90.
In the local market there wer» a numlw
of slight variations. Including a wider rang*
in Hams. Business Is reported fair, both on
shipping and local account.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12%r p«r 1b for
heavy. 13c for light medium. l.V: for light,
15%c for extra light. 17%c for sugar-cured and
lS%c for extra, sugrar-cured: Eastern sugar
cured Hams. 15%<ffl6%c; California Hams. 13
(515'hc; Mess Beef $11 50 per bbi; extra Mess.
$12ffl2 50; Family $13tfl3 60; prime M»»sa
Pork $19; extra clear, $C5; JI»ss, $20; Dry
Halted Pork. 12%c; Pig Pork. $28; Pigs' Feet.
$5 25; Smoked Beef, 16e per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7%e per lb for
compound and 10i4©10%c for pure; half bar
rels, pure. mrilHe; 10-lb tins. ll> 4 -gll%c:
6-lb tins ll%c; 3-lb tins. ll%c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 9%c; three
half barrels. 9%e; one tierce, 9ftc; two tierces.
9>4e; five tierces. 9%e per lb.
The Chicago market was rath»r higher
again, with the packers giving some support
to the market.
Provisions.
There is no change In Feedstuffs. Bran is
coming fn freely from the North, but the mar
ket Is taking: it without difficulty. Hay re
mains as before, the market being well sup
plied, but held up by those local merchant!
who own the bulk of the crop tributary to
San Francisco.
URAN— ?22iS23 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— *2« CfltfSS per ton.
SHORTS— $;2«r23 per ton. •
FEEDSTUFFS— Relied Barley. $24£25 per
ton; Oilcake Moal at the mill. $28(ff26 60; Job
bine, $27027 50; Coeoanut Cake. 52KJ22;
Corn Meal. $33^33 50; Cracked Corn. $33 50^
84 50; Mixed Feed, ?22 S01T23.&0; Horse Beans,
$2-Sff30 per ten.
"AY— Wheat. $11(3'14 r»0. u-lth sales of extra
choice at ?15; Wheat and Oat, $11913 60; Oat,
$10<ffl3; Wild Oat. $9 50^11 50; Barley, Jflfill;
Clover, $S 5<VRll; stock, $8fft>; Alfalfa. $9 50j?
10 50 pfr ton.
STRAW— 35ff65o per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Local stocks and bonds continue quiet.
Silver a fraction lower. Exchange unchanged.
AVrc 1 York stock market quiet and featureless.
Cash Wheat easy, criV/i growers more disposed to meet buyers.
Cash and future Barley quiet and unchanged.
Oats, Corn and Rye as previously quoted.
Fair demand for Flour and Millstuffs.
Hay and Feedstuff s in ample supply and steady.
ficaus continue to advance under an active short demand.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs about as before quoted.
Good seasonal demand for Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Honey still quiet, in spite of reduced output.
Provisions selling fairly, with some slight variations'.
JVonl market still hampered b\ the local strike.
Hops moderately active and firmly held.
Local packers reduce their prices for Hogs.
Mutton rather Imver. Beef and Veal unchanged.
Previous quotations rule fpr Hides and TalUnv.
Potatoes in light receipt 'and steady.
Poultry less active, but no lower.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits in good supply and quiet.
Articles. Open. High. Low. Close;
Wheat. No. 2—
September, new. 7. <7U <6% 7T
MT; m !". r :.. n . e . w : &%--£& «oit SS
SeSbe^.f-T 47% « • «» 47%
December «».; 47% 40% 47 %
May 4"Vs 4i' /S 4C% 4.Va
SeSbe N r°:. 2 r MK |«% M« »*
Ml c y embe . r ..::::: SS S8 Sfe
Mess Pork, per bbl—
Ma? •"•••• 12 95 13 00 12 90 12 92^
SeptemWr.-^oV 9 02% 0 50 9 62%
Octob?r ¦¦ .¦.. 0 02% » f>0 « 90 9 90
January 6 93 7 02% 6 U5 V 02%
Short rlb^ Per 100 lbs —
September ... 9 25 9 32% 9 25 0 32%
October ...... 9 37% 9 45 9 35 9 45
January « «7 % 6 72% 6 67% 6 70
Bar silver, quiet, 27 3-K»d per ounce. Money,
3U<S-'»% P<?r cent. The rate of discount in the
open market for short bills Is 4 per cent, and
for three months" bills i» 4@'4% per cent.
Am Sm & Rfg'pfd. 200 90 89^ 89*4
Am Sugar Refining 2.100 113tf 112% 112%
Anacon Mining: Co. 200 72 72 70fc, ;
Brooklyn Rap Tran 7,400 88 H 87 37 Vi J
Colo Fuel & Iron 42Vi '
Col & Hock Coal '. 13%
Consolidated Ga* . 100 170% 170% 170
General Electric .. 200 153% 152 153
Internatl Paper .. 100 12% 12% 11%
Int Paper pfd 500 64 63% 02
Internatl Pump 33%
Int Pump pfd..... 70
National Biscuit 38%
National Lead .... 100 14 14 14
North American 75
People's Gaa 600 93% 03 93
Pressed Steel Car. 1.000 34% 33 «4 84
Presd St Car pfd 76^4
Pullman Pal Car.. 1OO 218% 213% 211
Republic Steel 900 10% 0% 10
Rep Steel pfd 1,200 85 02% 63,%
Rubber Goods 600 lfl 10 15%
Rubber Goods pfd. 100 70 70 * 70
Tenn Coal & Iron. . 2.500 35 34% 34
U S Leather 200 7 7 T
U 8 Leather pfd 77
U 6 Rubber 100 10% 10% 10%
U S Rubber pfd 37%
U S Steel 64,800 1H% 17ft 17%
U S Steel pfd 1,000 69 68 6S
Western Union ... 100 82>4 821,; 82 |
Total sales ...2S3.400 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK, Sept. 22.— United Railroads of
San Francisco bond transactions: 13,000 at
$79 62%. I
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s rey. .109%Hocking Val 4%s.lO4U
Do coup 110 !L & N unif 4s.. 08%
Do 3a rer lfl»i Manhat con s 4s. 101%i
Do coup 108% Mexican Cen 4s. 72% |
Do new 4s reg.135%! Do 1st inc .... 14H
Do coup 135%jMlnn & St L 4s. 96
Do old 4s reg..lO9% M K & T 4s 97%
Do couo 110%i Do 2d3 78
Do Ss re* 102% N R of Mex en 4s. 76
Do coup 1O2H N Y Cen pn 3%s. 0*
Atchlson ren 4s. 99'£ N J Cen pen 6s. 127%
Do adjust 4s .. 90 Northern Pac 4s.l01 I
Atlantic C L 4s. 90 Do 3s 70% |
Bait & Ohio 4s.. 102 Norf & W cen 4s. 97 i
Do 3%s 93 Ore S I» 4s&part. 89»i [
Central of Gi 5s.lO5V4 I'enn conv H%fc.. P6
Do 1st Inc 72 Reading gen 4s.. 04%
I Ches & Ohio 4%s.l02 St L&i m con 5s. 110% !
[ Chi & Alton 3%s. 73% St L & S F iK 4s. SOVi '•
C B & Q new 4s. 91% St L, S W lsts. 83%
C M&StP 4S.104 Seaboard A L 4e. 76% :
! C & N W con 78.130% Southern Pac 4s. 8fl! 8 ;
1 C R I & P 4s... 72 Southern Ry Cs..ll2% i
, Do col 5s 74% Tex & Pac lsts. 114% !
j CCOSSt L een 4s. »5% Tol Et L & W 4s. 71
I Chi Term 4s 71 Union Pac 4s ... P9%
| Con Tobacco 4s.. 55%l Do conv »• ... 04
: Colo & South 4s. 83%!U S Steel 2d 6s. 73%
; Denver & R G 4s. 90H|Wabash lsts 114% |
j ErU prior lien 4s. 96% j Do deb B 57
i Do gen 4s 83 jW & L Erie 4s:. 84%
! Ft W & D C Uts.102% Wlscon Cen 4s.. 80%
NEW TORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 10 Little Chief ..... 06 \
! Alice 18 Ontario 5 00
; lJreece 15 Ophlr 1 65 i
Brunswick Con . . 06 Phoenix 03 !
Comstook Tunnel.. 07 Potosi 20
Con Cal & Va 1 36 pavage 20
! Horn Silver 1 00 Sierra Nev 60
! Iron Silver 1 7u. Small Hopes 20
; Leadvllle Con 03 Standard 2 5o
. BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
I Money — iWestinghse com.. 70
Call loans 4 @5 Minlns—
Time loans 5%<g6' Adventure 5
Bonds— iAIlouei 4%
i Atchison 4a 97%- Amalgamated ... 43Ts
' Mexican Cen 4s.. 72 Daly West 39
Railroad? — Bineham 22i»
| Atohi?on 65 Calumet & Hecla.450
Do iifd 89 Centennial l«?i
I Boston & Albany. 250 Copper Ranse .. 54 V 4
Huston & Maine. 1(57 Dominion Coal .. 71 >'t
Borton E!evnt»d. .13*5 Franklin 8
N Y N H & H...193 Isle Royale H«,i
Union Parific 72% Mohawk 4f»'i
Mexican Cen ll%,OId Dominion .. 7%
Miscellaneous — Osceola 5<H4
American Su^ar. .112>4'Parrot 1R%
Do pfd 118 IQulncy 8S
Anier Tol .t Tel. 12S% 'Santa Fe Copper. 1%
Dom I & Ftfel.. 12% Trinity 0
Genera] Electrlc.152% I'nited States .. lS T /s
I Mhfs Klectrtc ... Ill iUtah 25^
Do pfd 7S Victoria ..; 3%
; I'nltP'l Fruit !»'.» (Wlnona 7^i
' U S Steel 17% Wolverine 65
Do pfd .... 68 ;
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
I Con for money.88 8-10 N Y Central 122%
i Con for account. SS-% Norfolk & West. C'-t
t Anaconda 8% Do pfd 1)0
.' Atchison Ctl% Ontario & West. 22
Do pfd U2>,i! Pennsylvania ... 63%
I Bait & Ohio 61 %j Rand Mines l>%
I Canadian. Pacific. 12T>Vii Reading 25%
, Ches & Ohio 82% I Do 1st pfd .... 3»%
' Chi G Western.. 10%l Do 2d pfd 34%
< Chi Mil & St P. 143% Southern Ry .... 21Si
1 DeBeers 19% Do prd 87%
i Denver & R O.. 23»i Southern Pac ... AV.s
Do i>fd 78 Union Pacific ... 74%
! Krie 27% I Do pfd 8»
Do 1st Dfd «7 I U S Steel 18
Do 2d l>fd 4» Do pfd 70
Illinois Central.. .i:U'i Wabasn 20%
' IxiUis & Null ..105 Do pfd 33
M K & Texas... 1»%1
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COAL. OIL— Water White Coal Oil la bulk.
14c; Pearl Oil in cases, 20^c; Astral. 20^c;
Star. 2liV ? c: Extra Star. 21V.sc: Elaine. 2S»ac:
Eocene, isijc; deodoriz-d Stove Oasollne. in
bulk. 17c; In cases. 23«. s e; Bemlne. In bulk.
13c; in cage*. 10U)C; »6-detjree Uasoline, in buiK.
21r; in cases. ZT&d
TURPENTINE— sOc per gallon in casea and
74e in drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 6£
©7c p«r lb; White Lead. 6»?®7c. according to
quantity.
QUICKSILVER— $44« 45 fnr local xts« an*
?<2 PO-5-13 BO per flask for export.
SALT— The Amalgamated Salt Company
quotes as follow*: Genuine Liverpool. $14'$ W;
Ha!»s. eemmon. $1 90; Dairy, per ton, $13 23;
Hi'f Grcund. $12 25fll2 75; Rock Salt. $10 St^tr
12 25; imitation Liverpool. $13 IS^U; Granu
lated. $13 2."1I14 j>«t ton.
SUGAR — Tna Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as fellows, per lb. In 10O-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.83c;
Powdered. b'Or; Candy Granulated. 5.70c; Dry
Granulated, fine. O.tfOc; Dry Granulated, coarse.
P.KOc; Fruit Granulated: 5.60c; Beet Granulat?!
(10<>-lb bags only). — : Confectioners 1 A. 5.60c;
Magnolia A. 5.2<V: Extra C. S.lOr; Gelden C.
tSc: "t>." 4.90c; barrels. 10c more; half bar
rels. 23c more: boxes. 5Oc more: 50-lb bags,
l^c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half barrels.
fi.lOc; boxes. 6.35c per lb. No ord?rs taken for
less than seventy-flve barrels or Its equivalent.
LUMBER— Pine, ordinary sizes. $1S#19; ex
tra sizes higher: Redwoed. SIO'223; Lath. 4
f*et. $.3 75; Pickets. $22^CS: Shingles. $2 33 for
No. 1 and $1 75 for No. 2: Shakes. $14 for split
and $15 for sawn: Rustic. $4i>®42.
No. 1, 70c; Bakers' AA. (1 10©l 12; Lucol. 44c
for boiled and 42c for raw in barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels. 90c; cases. 85c;
China Nut. B5£r7Uc par gallon; pure NeaUfoot.
In barrels. 75c; cases. bOc; Sperm, pure, 73c;
Whal« Oil. natural white. 5t>j£55c per gallon;
Fish Oil, in barrels. 45c; cases. 50c; Cocoanut
Oil, in barrels, 5»c for Ceylon and 63c for Aus
tralian.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 60®
4 $5, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $1 50©4 60;
Oregon ahd Washington. $3 90&4 20 per bbl
for family and $3 fiOifl* 40 for Bakers'.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are - as
follows: Graham Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye
Flour, $3 25; Rye Meal, $3; Rice Flour. $7;
Corn Meal, $3 25; extra cream do. $4; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy. $4ff4 25; Buekwheat
Flour, *4 50G4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Fa
rina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oats. bbls. $7 25©8 60;ln sacks, $8 T5©8 10;
Pearl Barley, S6: Split Peas, boxes, $T; Green
Peas, |S 60 per 100 lbs.
The local millers report a" fair movement In
Flour and MIllstufTs at unchanged quotations,
with no more than the usual cutting to the reg
ular trade. . . .
Flour and Millstuffs.
usual fall business and th« goods are moving
off very well. Prices are generally firm all
along the line, and neither growers nor packers
are disposed to makt concessions to effect
sales. Honey alone swim to be quiet, and
the admitted reduced crop has thus far fartled
to cause any especial activity.
NEW FRUIT— Apricots. 709^e for Royals
and Bflllc for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples,
6$6c; Peaches. 6% 97c; Pears," 5$9e; Nec
tarines. 4TT4i,ic for white; Tigs, white. 4Vs©
4%e in boxes: Plums pitted, 6C7e per lb.
PRUNES — 1003 crop, 2Vi<JT3c for th« four
sires: 1002 crop, 29»<52%c for the four siiee.
RAISINS — 1003 prices are as follows: Two
crown. 6ff8Uc; three-crown. 6hi<S^c; four
crown. 6&©Te.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshelL 12*ie: No.
2. l<Hie; No. 1 hardshell. 12e; No. 2. 10c: new
Almonds, lie for Notipariels. 10<4c for I X I*.
lOVic for Ne Plus Ultras and 8?4c for Lanxae
doc; Peanuts. 6ff7c for Eastern; Pecans, 111P
13c; Cocoanuts $4 50-55.
HONEY— Comb, new. 12l4ffl.".%c for whit*
and £>$llc for amber; new water white ex
tracted, S^iftBVac; light amber extracted. 6c;
dark. 3H04VJC
BEESWAX— 27©29c per lb.
ports of damage by the recent froeta came in
and helped the strength. December closing %c
higher at 47Vic.
Oats received good support by commission
houses and local traders on small receipts and
adverse crop news. December, closed \ic
higher at 37#c.
Provisions except lard, participated in the
general steady hog demand. There was con
siderable selling of October lard for account
of the smaller packers and that product show
ed a decline of 5c; October pork was up 22 hie
and riba 10c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1903.
Continued on Pago Thirteen.
Dried Fruits,Nuts, Raisins, Honey
The local trade report conditions about the
same as for some days back. There Is the
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
11
AUCTION SUES
fe fe> tet
AUCTION SALE of horses, harness, wagons,
WEDNESDAY, Sept. 23, at 11 a. n. Armle
Horse Market. 327 S.'xth st. JOHN J. DOYLE*
auctioneer.IHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1903.
12
v HELP WASTED— MALE— Con.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 6S6 Clay at.
Phone Main 5S4S.
„ Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
1902 WE GAVE 1003 WE'LL GIVE
45,000 MEN WORK. 60,000 MEN WORK.
5697 men wanted to-day for
ARIZONA. OREGON.
NEVADA. WILLITS. UKIAH.
And all points north, east, south en Southern
Tacific and Santa Fe system; free pass.
ON EVERY TRAIN.
Section hands. Muckers. Driller*.
Extra gangs. Teamsters. Hammermen.
MINES — TUNNELS — QUARRIES.
96 miners, all over State, $90 and $32 50.
lt>5 drillers, all over State. $82 50, $75.
364 laborers and muckers everywhere, $G0,
$75, *!>2 50. "
£4 timber men, carmen, furnace men, $60
to $90.
DIAMOND MATCH CO.— $1 FEE.
1S6 laborers, teamsters, drillers etc., $73.
$82 50. -
FRUIT PICKERS— $1 FEE.
137 fruit pickers, men or boys, $30 to $37 50
found.
TO EUREKA— $2 50. V
35 more laborers big lumber company. $2
to $2 50 day.
STABLES, FARMS. ORCHARDS. DAIRIES.
2*6 farm and orchard hands, $30, $35 $40
found.
66 milkers, butter and cheese makers. $30
to $50 found.
26 choremen. coachmen, gardeners, etc.. $30
to $10 found.
19 stablemen city and country Jobs, $30 to
$60 found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Pay Bt.
COOKS. WAITERS. PORTERS.
24 cooks, hotels, restaurants, camps, mines
and ranches, city and country. $30 to $70 fd.
12 waiters, city and country. $25 to $40 fd.
Bedmaker, city lodging-house, $35.
Baker, shop, fare $4. $50 found.
Office boy, run errands, city, $5 week.
16 elevator boys and porters.
Steward, country hotel.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay *t.
MECHANICAL AND OTHERS.
3 slack coopers 0c; 2 lathers, $2 30 per M.
Eoxrnaker $2 25 day; 8 cabinetmakers.
Cutoff sawyer; 12 boys, learn trades, city.
2 men, build fences, ranch, 50c fare, $40 _fd.
15 boys for factory, city, SI to $1 25 day.
Cooper factory. lOo^fare. $3 25 day.
88 BLACKSMITHS.
Also many helpers, all over California, $50,
' 6 °- ,
636 laborers and teamsters, city and country,
some factories, mil'.e, warehouses, excavat-
ing, building, etc.. many* In 8 an o F . r f n^ c Pi
lots to board home, $2, $2 25, $2 *>•>.*- «j»
day; 9G carmen and furnace men, ?67 ana
*75; 3563 DO&itions not advertised.
COME— SEE. 'J-'
Best places at MURRAY & READY S,
Biggest wages at C34-C3G Pay St.
CARPENTERS.
4 carpenters, large lumber company, free
fare, $50 and found.
16 carpenters, large company, fare $1. 5SH>.
36 carpenters, electric power trust, $80.
20 carpenter?, flume work, $00.
16 ranch carpenters. $3 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay *t.
SAWMILLS— WOODS
IN 4 STATES.
C33 laborers, no experience wanted, $40 to
$70 and found.
l06 mill yard men, $50 to $150.
3G5 woodchoppers.
£S7 tiemakers.
All classes of experienced men for woods,
mills, etc.. from $50, $60, $70, $80, $00. $100,
$125 to $150 month.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
SPECIAL— SPECIAL.
TO-DAY.
ARIZONA TO-NIGHT.
Marysville, Chlco, Placervllle.
186 carpenters" helpers, laborers, teamsters,
drillers and other help; you go, $82 50, $75,
$07 50
WAREHOUSE WORK.
25 laborers, you'll suit. $3 day.
SANTA CRUZ COUNTY.
26 laborers to pile lumber, $60.
WILLITS— UKIAH.
164 teamsters, laborers, etc., free fare,
$67 CO.
SPECIAL— SHORT HOURS.
16 laborers. 55c fare, 0 hours' work, $07 50.
NEW JOB— COITNTY ROAD WORK.
65 laborers, anybody can do It. fare $1, $G0.
ELECTRIC LIGHT SYNDICATE.
155 laborers, teamsters, carpenters' helpers,
$90, $67.
RESERVOIR WORIC
66 teamsters, laborers, fare ?1 20, $60. $67 50.
FREE FARE.
26 laborers, only 14 miles nway, $42 found.
165 Iron men, eplkers and track laborers, $75.
16 laborers, gold mine, southeast, $82 50. .
OREGON.
COAL MINERS— OREGON— FREE FARE.
65 coal miners. Oregon. $3 to $5 day.
BIG NEW TUNNEL— HALF FARE.
63 tunnelmen. $62 60.
12 butchers, different Jobs, $30. $35, $40. $60,
$70, $80 and found.
Pigs' feet shaver, $2 25 day; handy man with
knife, $2 23.
8 meat cutters, $15 week.
Best Wares at MURRAY & READY'S,
Best places at 634 and 636 Clay st.
BOARD YOURSELVES.
$2 25 DAY— STEADY WORK.
155 Greeks or Portuguese; new work.
155 ItMlans or Slavonians: new work.
1R5 Austrian* or Spaniards; new work.
166 Mexicans or Russians; new work.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED — Fancy goods and notion man to ga
to Los Angeles; must be thoroughly expe-
rienced and competent to manage and buy
for department; state age. experience and
salary expected. Apply box 1C27, Call.
WANTED— A boy 16 years old. Apply at
tailoring department, S. N. WOOD & CO.,
740 Market st.
GOVERNMENT positions — Examinations' soon;
write for free circular 14, giving various po-
Fltlonc. salaries, etc. Polytechnic Business
College, Oakland. Cal.
AN offer wanted for a barber shop established
10 years; 2 chairs: receipts over $100 a month.
WEUSHORO & HURRY, 75 Third st.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
Boled when you carr get it done for 25c, 50c
and 60c, while you wait at 563 Mission St.,
bet. 1st and 2d sts. or 11 Third st.
WANTED — For the U. & Marine Corps, able-
bodied, unmarried men. between 21 and 35:
good character; must epeak, read and -write
English: marines serve at »ea on men-of-war
In all parts of the world, on land In our Isl-
and possessions, and at naval stations in the
United States. Apply at recruiting office. 40
Ellis St., San Francisco, Cal.; 222% N. Mala
et.. Los Angt-les. Cal., and 401 K St.. Sacra-
mento, Cal.
MANAGER for a cloak and suit department:
one who Is thoroughly familiar with the line,
both managing and buying; good salary to
right party: state ase, experience and refer-
ences; all communications strictly confiden-
tial. Box 4323, Call office. --
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third Ft.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired: special offer this month; catalogue
and full information mailed free. MOLER
SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
BARBER shop for sale; Commercial Hotel shop
in Stockton. Particulars, apply J. M. HART,
433 East Main st>. Stockton^ ' .- ¦•;-
GOOD 3-chalr barber shop for sale, cheap. Ad-
dress D. WHITE, 12 East San Fernando St..
San Jcsc. Cal.
WANTED — Rcuph carpenters and laborers. Ap-
ply room 14. 26 Montgomery St., San Fran-
cisco Construction Company. - '-:¦:-¦
STEADY, reliable German, tending bar; gener-
ally useful. Wlnehouoe, 15 City Hall square.
BOY wanted that has some experience In bak-
ery. Apply Rt S53 Bryant 6t.
WANTED— A young man to drive butcher
wagon. 1019 Flllmore st.
BOY about 15 years old for men'* furnishing
store. 42 1 Kearny st. '
GOOD waiter. IS5 Fourth st.
UcDONALD & PERRY have a larpe stock of
new and second-hand shoes; cheap. '230 3d st.
2-CHAIR barber shoo for sale; must be sold;
cheap. C6O Folsom st.
BARBERS— Good ehop fcr eale. Apply D. B.
RICHARDS. 11 Sansome st., room 50.
WANTED— 'J laborers: pick and shovel. 14th
ave. and N st. South: Kentucky-st. car*.
BARBERS — For sale, good paying: 2-chalr shop
with or without outfit, cheap. 501 Castro st.
WANTED — Energetic salesman for outside
work. THOP.NE & CO.. 207 Montgomery st.
YOUNG man to learn barber trade; paid whlia
learning. 611 Commercial st.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullis, room 40. Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post.. G.A.R.
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition Sa S. F.
Barber School. 741A Howard at.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart et.
¦WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third at, near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. 35c night: reading rooms:
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscrintions has been established at 1006 Va-
¦lencia st. -
CHEAPEST and best In America— The, Weekly
Call. 16 page*. . sent to any address In the
United States nr Canada one year for $1.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st.. .bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoe* half soled while waiting: 25c
to 50c 563 Mission St., bet. let and 2d sts.
KELP TVAJTTED — MALI 5 : Cow. _
t — * —
PACIFIC EJTPLOTMEST AGENCT.
620 SACRAMENTO ST. 320.
Phone Main 1101 Cor. Leidesdorff «•
STEAMER *ail« this morning to A
EUREKA-H CM BOLDT CO.— EUREKA.
HALF FARE FEE $1 00 HALF FARE
25 laborers R. R. In woods. S3 75 fd for a
large lumber company's new R. R.
ASTORIA, OREGON— NEAR PORTLAND.
FARE $.1 with berth and meals. FEK Jl
29 laborers. $2 25; 25 rockinen. * 2 "> da .*'
board $16 month, company work. FKh. »*•
Walter, camp. $30 fd; dlshwa/her. camp, W«
found; free fare. ,
Bedrcaker lumber company R. H.. **"• *«•
half fare. _
WILLITS, UKIAH ROUTE; FREE FARB
23 teamsters arfd laborers, 82 25; fee $1.
Big tunnel near city, free fare, fee »i: - w
muckers. $60; 20 drillers, £73.
Manufacturing Co.. steady ob; fee SI: M la-
borers— you'll suit— S2 10 to $2 40 day.
?0 laborers, handle and truck grain. 5^ day.
Big mine; cheap fare; 20 muckers. SC7 u o
Private R. R. near city, 20 laborers $2 _s.
10 crosscut sawyers, north, by rail: I--. !"•
.10 miners, all over State. *C0 to $90.
S F R R. Co'* own work; free fare, fee si.
200 section hands all over the State.
Butte Co. Chico. Boss here to-day
Diamond Match Co'* work. Fee SI.
Half fa~e Half rare.
125 teamsters, laborers, concrete m*n. rock-
men, drillers. $2 25 to $2 CO day.
10 tunnelmen. new tunnel. $S2 *0.
50 laborers, trackmen, ballast and lwrnmen.
also splkers, S2 to 82 GO day. * •£ _*i.
Coal Miner* Oregon. found
8 btrkers; north: bc« here. * *»0 found
3 raftjmen. lumber Co.. S3 to $3^50 day .
600 men different Jobs; wmllto. 8 £$
woods, all over the state; 20 '»rmers J£™
teamsters— BOO frultptcker* •»«» ««« *w a?e*
In dry yards, etc.. In 7 countie*— big wage*.
" 3 cToks, waiter* and dUhwasher.. eW. We
have 800 other iobs not * dv « rtl » c . d^ 1 £c em-
get a free list of Jobs at tha PACIFIC EM-
PLOYMENT AGENCY. 820 Sacramento st.
HORSES AXP WAGONS.
FOR SALB-Reasonable 2 **? ut "?} n £*I?J
one with colt; well bred. Fourteenth ava.
and N st. south. .
HARNESsTndMddles, tht best for the money,
at JEPSEN BROS. CO.. Inc.. the big store.
1145-1147 Market »t.. San Francisco.
TWO fine ponies for sale; ride or drive. Black-
smith »hop. Folsom and Eleventh «ta. >
FOR rale— At Eclipse Stable. 1375 Eddy St..
cheap saddle and large brcod mare.
FOR sale— Handsome trap; cheap. Box 1050.
Call office.
Largest assortmt 2-hand wagons. buckb|d *ur-
rey,harpess.work.drtvlng horses. 16th-\ alencta
8 GOOD horses for sale cheap. 327 Sixth at.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon and
goenrt for sa> cheap. 532 Ml«*lon *t.
HORSES WASTED.
HORSES wanted. Call at 639 Bryant «t.
UOL'SKS TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for dr-
cular. G. H. UMB3EN Sc CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A— HOUSES and flat* to let: aa Immense list:
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this department: It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-239 Geary
¦t., on the square.
VAN NESS are.. 2106, near Pacific ave.— Mod-
ern house: 10 rooms: rent (70.
BKFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN fe HOWELL. 23 Port »t.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
MAGNIFICENT marine view; comfortably fur.
mod. house; piano; furnace;ref*. 3511 Jackson.
OAK. 419 — Elegantly furnished jiouie; 10 room*
and 2 baths: large garden: grand view.
INFORMATION WANTED.
INFORMATION wanted of J. M. NEW by hi*
wife In Oakland. Cal.
LOST JJiD FOUND.
LOST — On S. P. train, between Vallejo Junc-
tion and Santa Rosa, a brown leather chate-
laine, containing 3 diamond rings, marquis,
solitaire and cluster; also $50 and tills. Very
large reward If returned to MRS. WM.
ROGERS. Kenwood. Scnoma County. Cal.
LOST — Sept. 1. bulldog: color brlndlt: white
chest and feet; ears and tail cut: collar and
license; answers to nams "Major" or "Kid";
$10 reward. 1310 Baker St., near Geary.
LOST — A passbook with the Hiberr.ia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, tn the
name of MARY BUTTIMER. No. 158-413.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Sept. 20. Zinkand'* caf?. ledy's hand-
bag, containing gold watch, diamond setting
and. fob; name Inside; rewd. 230 Munt., r. 61.
LOST— Sept. 21, lady's gold watch: Initials
C. S. on cas<j: 4 small chip diamonds. 3J>7J
Twenty-fifth St.; reward.
COCKER spaniel (male): white spot on chest:
license No. 3212. Appl- 511 Taylor; reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California j
Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter St.. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
S1KDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH, specialist for all female
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience; removed to S26 Poet st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male trouble* and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. lCCS^i Market St., opp. Sth.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected: the unfor-
tunate helped; the most difficult case* treat-
ed; advice fry. Office. 1018 Market st.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness^ — Expert
in obstetrics, female complaints: Inst. relief;
treatment {10; hour*. 10 to S; 23 yrs, exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN~ 1118 Market— Reliable ladies'
cpeclallst; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care: low fees.
A maternity villa; private: secluded: conflden-
. tial. Dr. E. Funke. 1416 Eighth st.. Alameda.
DR. ROSEN moved to 2993 Folsom st.. corner
26th: relief $10: ladles' exclusive office.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1120 Market St.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 310 Powell «t.. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
31 1 lli.nl: nr.
LADIES, you are invited to visit my millinery
opening to-day and to-morrow; Imported an-1
New York hats. MME. DOSCH. 207 Post *t
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR. SALE.
DOES TOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elatertte; in roll* easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin cr chlngles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market bt.
2D-HD. machinery, boilers, engines, purapa,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc.. bought, sold.
rented and exchanged; see Sunday paper*.
H. S. WHITE M'CH'Y CO.. 13O-132 Beale *t.
A— Fine suits. $7 60; dress pants. S2 50. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors, '/-IS Kearny st..
near Bush: open to 9 p. m. Sunday to noes.
A— $3 60 DERBY and fedora hats. $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatter*. 330 Kearny st.. near
Pine: open till 9 p. tn. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pip;, shafting, pulley*.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
FOR eale — New National cash register: price
S160. Apply JOHN H. TIETJEN CO.. 226-
228 Powell st.
NEWSPAPER route for sale; fine chance for
the right man. Address N. A. LARSEN.
1715 Pacific ave.. Alameda.
TRY our men's shoe* at $1 and $1 50 pair:
foot-form shoes et $2 50: we pay express
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam. bid. : catalog, free.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 105-197 Fremont st.
Al ENGINE. 16x36, slide valve, as good aa
new; bargain. Postoffice box 2086. S. F.
A FINE 4?»rearat perfect white diamond at a
bargain. 10 Sixth at. *
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento st.
A JULES JURGENSEN 6-minute repeating
watch; very reasonable. 10 Sixth *t.
PAIR H- karat diamond earrings at a bargain.
10 Sixth at. ¦
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard. & Breck. 1S1 Pott st.
MILES of pipe and fitting*; all size*. EU-
GENE RILEY A SONS. 109 Vallejo »t.
MOVING picture film and song slides. 10W
Montgomery st. >
SAFES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
tt CO.. 122 Market st.
All bargains :camp stools and chairs :hammoclu.
metal bed*.mattresees.J.F.Hotter.712 Mission.
Edison phonographs, record*, supplies, moving
picture machines, film*. Bacigalup!, 833 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches,
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont et.
ASK for price* on second-hand typewriter*; all
make*. ALEXANDER tt CO.. 110 Monfgy.
If you know how to teach and nice pupils would reach
Put an ad In The Call, then you're sure to have speech
With the parents of such, -who'll appreciate much
If you Darlez-vous French or you sprechen-se Dutch.
" For there isn't a need which is known to mankind
Satisfaction of which we can't speedily find.
*,AX FRANCISCO CALI*.
BCEJXEE8 OFFICE of the Ean Francisco
Call, corner Market and TMrd streets; cpen
u:it.l 12 o'clock every r.igrt in the year.
BRANCH orFlCES-527 Montgomery street,
ccrner Clay; open until 9:U0 p. m.
3tO Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
?:»'¦» McA!l!£ler street; «pen until B:30 p. m.
«'ij Xjtrfcla elreet; ou«-n until 9:2'J p. m.
1»«1 Mission tlrcet; i'P*-n until 10 0. ra.
2261 Market street, coiner Sixteynth; open
3v6 Eleventh etreet; cpen until 0 9. tn.
lCwf. Valencia *tr"«; oy-n until 3 p. m.
Ncrthesft corner Church and Duncan street*;
fpes until 9 t>. m.
Ni.rthwtft ecraxr of Twenty-second ar.d Ken-
tucky ftrre-.f; cpea until 0 p. tn.
—"0 Flll:nore stre?t: <r>?n until 3 p. m.
MUi:Tt\«; notices.
CALIFORNIA <::-.nw»r ll>'t-c Croix •—.
No. 7. A. & A. £. R. CSS Sutter | )
n. » *lleil nutt'.ns THIS (WED- *">J — I
XE£1>AT1 EVEXCkG. at 8 *Tf? — '
o'clock. 17th <5eg;ro~. All Knights RJ
Rc» Cn.is: coratally levfted. By 1(1
oid'-r of the ".Vis* Walter. I j
CHJLS. JSX.LXXEK; Secretary. I-J
CROCKETT LKlse No. l.r>, T. and A. m
M.— Second Degree THIS iWEDXES- VY
DAT) EVKMNG ct 7:"J o'clock. /V\
R. H. McPHEItSON. Sec
EXCELSIOR Lo-lse No. 1«<\ F. &. A. to
M. Called tne*-t<ng THIS (WEDXES-Vy
PAY) EVF.N1NG, at 7 o'clock sharp. /VN
The offlctrs of Mission Lod;e No. lt'J
conferring the third degree.
II. J. OWEN. Secretary. ,
HUSSION Lodce No. 163. F. * A. M.— fi i
O:f.."frs era members are rf qucetcd j
to .-.sseir.ble at the Masonic Temple
TH1:5 (WEDNESDAY) EVENING, at
7:20 o'clock for the purpose of paying a fra-
ternal visit to Kxotlsicr Lodse No. lC'J, F.
• A. M. By order of the \V. M.
R. B. ALLAN. Secretary.
DORIC Lc£ff?. No. HC. F. & A. M.— m
;=!"=-<-l?.l rr.*«etin»r TKlSiWEDNESDAY) *%fif
Kk"lCNlNG: King fJclonu.n Hall. Third
<j*-rr<e; 7:*0 o'clock. Master Masons
cordially Inviiei. Vy cr.icr cf the Master.
.1. K. GOLDSMITH. Secretary. I
K. R. B. — THIS (WEDNESDAY) f \
KVFNINiJ. a.t s o'clock, in our ha'.l. •\^» ¦
An irr.i»L-rtar.t meeting. t^S3 ]
PRESIDENT. r I
NOTICE TO THE STOCKHOLDERS OP
7KK KAN FRANCISCO GAS . AND
ELECTRIC COMPANY Is hereby given !
tfcat purtuar.t to an order and resolu- j
t;on tf the board of directors of th» San ¦
Francisco Cia? and Electric Company adopted (
at «. meeting of said boerd <?u!y held at the <
office of ir.e comrar.y in the City and County
cf Ean t rancis.o. State of California, on
the 12th day of Aupu«t. 1303. a meeting of
th» t-toclcfcolders of .^an Francisco Gas and
£>otr:c Ccn;racy wi!l be held at the offlce
tf the coorany, r.umber 415 Post Street. San
Kranrtjro California (the same being the
principal place of business of said corpora-
tion find t. 1 ";" building where the beard of di-
re .-tors u«'ia'!y meet), on Thursday, the 22nd
«!a> d October. 1CO."J. at the hour of 2 o'clock
y. M.. fcr the puri>c=e of acting and voting
tipen the proposition to create a bonded ln-
titbtedncss of s.ald corporation to the amount
in ine agi-rrgiiie cf ten rr.lllion (lu.<>UW,<)uO>
Ccsiais. United States Cold Coin, for the pur-
poce of acquiring property to be used tn car-
ry're on the business of the corporation and
ir. order to provide funds for other legiti-
mcte and necf-ssary purposes of the corpor-
ation ruch bcrded indebtedness to be secured
by a monjrage or deed of trust upon all the
mmmly new cwned by tald corporation, or
*h;ch It rr.ay hereafter acquire. By order of
the board cf directors.
CHARLES L. BARRETT.
Secretary San Francisco Gas and Eiectrlo
Company.
A'lVOIlN EVS-AT-LAW.
ADVICE FREE. ESTABLISHED 22 TEARS.
D:\frccs a specialty. Private. Quick.
NO PAY' UNLESS SUCCESSFUL.
O. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY AT LAW.
~.i\l" Vsrket St.. offices 1, 2. 3. 4 and 5.
BEWARE OF FRAUDS.
Ar<> tr.c can advertise, but ur.les* the adver-
t.sirr.ent tays "Attorr.ey at Law" the party
sdv-Ttjfing if not a lawyer; tlon't be focied.
ADVICE FREE
COLUMBIAN LAW AGENCY
r,:n. to. S*lt> Market; tel. Red 018; bad ten-
tnts rjected speedily and reasonably; co'.lec-
t'.rr.s attended to; attachments; corporations
• TjrF.nized: civil ar.d criminal practice.
HuBT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid..
ir.1. ($11; all cases, damaged, estates, wills.
tttachmeats. collections, etc: consultation
Iree; no a-ivanc* charges; call or write;
c. T.inps by erpoinlmem. Tel. Red 3C01.
ADVICE Jrce— I vrJIl advance cost In meiitorl-
<c* cas-s, divorces, prorate and all other law
:r.S. J*. M. Vril.-R>TON*. $10 Market St.. r. 31.
L 6. CLARK, nrr.rr.a FrrccUels bldg.. 927 Mar-
kfi tf.; consultation fire; no f»es in advance.
AITKEN K- AITKEN. attorneys, rr. 309-10-11.
_nut>ie h'.iz.. 903 California Et. : t<=l. Main 727.
APVICE fre«; no charge unless successful; all
imv busing. W. W. David«cn, 927 Market.
DIVORCE— Cost*, H2; quick, quiet; open even-
ir< F . ;t;7 Market St.. rrvra 3d.
¦trans, dogs. etc.
VOUXO talking jarrrts.$5 each;German singing
cancripp, $2: we wili try to please you: every-
•" re in err 1t» <-.» right pr!-ets. IMS Market.
IHM.MJs^ CHAXCES.
PETERfc*EN REALTY' CoT. '
I"-;.'. Market jt P!-one Felsom C3IS.
Bella, buys ana exchanges city and country
»al tstate. hote!s. rooming -house*, flats, I
t»;fiura^t!=. lAkori»s. grocries, eta; in-
fursnep pls<*ed; loans made. :
yul<-K fealrs and fair profire our motto.
EQUATOR r.oa<!ho'js»: pood paying house;
stock, fistuir*. furniture 4 rooms; stable
f'.^rtg. ccod cor. lot. 85 ft. front: good place
U. make Rood money: this business will be
*cli '• oash. bal. on <>a?y payments on ac-
count de&th. Take San Mateo cars." get off
g county lino; only one fare; call to-day.
F'jK «al*— Cheap: gjoceiy and bar; no agents
1122 Hsrr'.snn st.. between 7th and fith.
J5K your own b?s«; few hunired Collars buys
!:it<--rert pood IMWf. buMnc-as. Bex 1625. Call.
FOR fale— The Golden Gate restaurant and I
tTfttr house, st Z\ Ninth st.^ JtSO. ;
BAKERY— Fine lc-ation in rtlo Vinta; good
Iiakrr v.-lll do well. Address DAN Mc-
GHAIGH. R:o Vista. Cal.
Y.'ILL veil (heap; good restaurant; fine location:
«-r !fef»: io»- rent: no reasonable offer re-
fu6fd:must %o East;no agents. Box 1757.Call.
• 175— EMraordir.sry bargain: see for yourself;
r*s»avrant. 29 chairs; cWrs $100 to $150 mo. !
Wet tern Realty Co.. 10071J Market, room 1.
DEUGAX25S8X3C or restaurant for Bale. 1109
Jlifrion st.
WAFFLE wagon fcr tale; cheap. Apply at
3 ''-51 FcJsora st.
OTSTER-HOCEE. 12G Seventh~st.; good busi-
'-. He—; must b* mtAi on account of sickness.
riRST-CLAfc'S FaJocn with 4 rooms and 6
years' ieaf*>; <-iKn? rent. Box 1621. Call.
FOR KALE — Ar. Ir«lde route on this paper.
F.-r r-i'-tl^ulary *r,ply »t office.
l,oo>;i\(;-:ti)iMis vou sale.
100 ROOMS; houte for men; rent $140 $4000
f* rooms; south of Market; rent $1CO. . 2000
T4 toutrif; corr.»r: part cash: bai. easy. 850
II reom«; good income; rent $20 030
2J rooms; water frrnt; rent $40; leaj-e.. 650
!2f» rooms; sord le&se; low rent 6500
tl nr*.: apartments; Western Add.; rent 250
Money iuaned at 1 wr c«r.t.
Hotels. rcadhou*»(<. fiats. 5 to 100 rooms.
V.lTTAs *z CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED— rKOK. FRED P. EVANB. the fa?
zrcus psych:c; rtaop for circular. 1112 Eddy
*'.. r»ar Octavia.
BATIE HEUESMAN. circl- Friday evening
£>; sittings. 1000 Harrison st.. cor. Sixth.
rmvAKD EARLE. 3012 Ei:is. reading* daily,
»¦ .» i~ 4- f> 3 r'»5 Sunday and Thnrs-day.
CLAIKVOYAJVTS. ~~
My Regular $3 headings ThliT"week~For~*
•1 *1 II $1 $1 $1 «
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
Th*> Firn Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist ev»>r in San Francisco.
I tlo hereby solemnly a«rre and guarantee
lo make no charge if I fall to tell you your
ntrac. occupation and what you called for;
I rromifce to tell you whether husband, wife
or swecthesrt is true or false; I tell you
• horn r.nd when you will marry; In fact, I
will tell ycu every hope, fear or ambition
r't'i-r than ycu can tell yourself; I improve
rout- rhara<-ter no that you will reach the
hifrhe't possible development in mental vigor,
h'r.lih. happlnefs and capacity to earn
wraith; *o you will live happy and contented
the ml of your life. Hours 10 A. M. to
9 P. M : Sundays.2 to 8. 026 O'Farrell «t., 328.
IKMAR. the Egvptian irypey. clairvoyant and
j-elmist. permanently located at 1104 Market
ft., ccr. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a.
m. to S p. m. ; rending* by mail as satisfac-
tory *» I" perK/n; 3 questions answered. SI:
full life, *-5; eend lock of hair, date and year
rif birth; don't s'nd currency. Send pestofflce,
Wrllti-Fargo money order or registered letter.
Mr*. A. H. Kronenl>er5-. ralmlst. clairvoyant,
rtrd reader, will give a good reading, 10?, for
• then tirr.e only; when others fail try me t:>
ctfivlrc-e yourself. 402 Franklin, near Grcve.
A — Mm*. Ravenna reails life, business advice;
ziunes given; 25c up. 5. itb rt., near MarkeC
CLAIRVOYANTS Contlnne?<l. '
MME- M. BERNARD./ THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, parina- |
nently located a< 17 Third St.. n'.xt Examiner •,
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an I
accurate description of the part, revrali the I
present happenings and portrays event! to
occur in the future; If you are in trouble. dl<- |
contented or not satisrted in life, or have do- j
mestic. love or business troubles, consult this !
great medium and jou will be told how to •
overcome them; valuable advice In all affairs
of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read- '
ings by mail. Tel. Black 4560. I
A— MME. PORTKR. scientific clairvoyant ar.d
can! reader, torn with a double veil and sec-
ond sight; tells the past, present and future;
ladles. 5Oc: gents. SI: by cards, palmistry
and clairvoyant sitting; SI EO. 126 Turk «t.
MISS WARD, high p:<ychle medium, palmist;
ladies 25c, gent* 50c; no fcign. 413 Mason st.
OLDEST lady palmist ar.d card reader In city.
26 >4 Keamy. room 20; ladies 25c. genta r.Oc.
MRS. SHAFER clairvoyant, card reader; »it-
tir.gs daily. 44SV6 Jessie st.. bet. Sth and Wh.
CAltPET n IS AT IX G AND CLKAMXG.
AlK. compressed, dry. ice cold, is now univer-
sally u««d 1« sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
floor witneut removal or injury; prices mod- 1
erate. Apply S. F. COMPEES.SED AIR j
CLEANING l'O., Call bid.; phone Main t,ZH.
WHEN yoa become .lisgusted with your work
eend for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-b-at-
l=!TiWorks. :^>5-o57 Tebama «t. : tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Work?. 1SIW Har-
rlfon St.. Al cleaning. 3c: tel. Mission 225.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beatins Co.. J. McQueen.
proprietor. 329 Guerrero tt.; tel. Mission 49.
TRY HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating:
mattresyes made over. 1*3- Howard;South 216
ADVANCE Tarp't Cleaning Co.. 402 Putter et.;
tel. Main '34. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop».
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; price*
rfssonable. 170;> Harrison St.; tel.Mlsslon 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Work*,
XV. Golden Gate ave.: telephone E»»t 12«.
cninoi'onisTS. ¦-.
DUNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE. 50 Geary— All
ailment* of the feet cured; corns, bunlons.etc.
COLLKCT1OX OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 0-10; tel. 55 30.
DEVT1ST5.
D«. LUDLUM HILL. 1413 Market. nr.Eleventh
— No charge fcr extracting when plates are
trade; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting. fcCc; gas given.
A NEW plate — Tha Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 60; fillings. 50c;
platee. $5; full set ;all work pa!n!ees ar.d war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlor*. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set t _*lh $1 CO up: crowns $2 up: fillings 25c.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 35c: crowns. $2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
DKESSMAKEUS ACT SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market,
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art'» button & hutionhole factory. 110 Taylor.
DVEIXG AND CLEA.M.NG.
SEA breezes sweeten all garments, blankets,
lace curtains, etc., dons by the Presidio
Heights Dye Works. 3915 Sacramento; phone
for wagon. West 453. H. HICKMAN. pre*.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALDS BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post, S.
F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches;
day and night sessions; illus. catalogue free.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236 Mar-
ket; rooO«rn, progressive, practical; estab-
lished 15 years; Gregg shorthand, fastest,
easiest, most readable. Actual buslne&s
bookkeeping; typewriter at home free.
AYRES. the leading business college. 72-< Mar-
ket Et.; special summer course in all depart-
ments: handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ship. J50; day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkln tt.
"A thorough school"; positions 6ecured for
graduates; modern methods; individual ln-
etructlon. Write for Illustrated catalogue.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school oi
cJamffng: established 20 years. 1412 Polk st.,
between Pine and California; bdth adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
fcr the university, law and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford pro-
fessor; day. evening sessions. Phelaii bldg.
HEALD'S School cf Mines & Eleetrlcity.24 Post
St.. S. F.; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, min.. mech.. sur-
vey. as«ay. cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1S04. Vaji
der Naillen Schocl, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutcn'.a Hall, Howard
Et.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
PRIVATE lessons glvpn to pupils behind la
grammar grad» work. Further particulars,
ed.iress box 1779, Call office.
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College. 530 Golden Gate
ave.; full business course; day ana evening.
SCHOOL CF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTONS. -124 Pine et... Night class.
ARITHMETIC bookkeeping, grammar.writlng,
etc.: day or eve. ; $5 roo. 1024 Mission. nr.eth.
Chicago Busings College, 14^5 Market, nr. 10th.
I'lttman shorthand, typing, bookpg., $8 tr.-t.
CHEAPEST and best In America- The Weekly
Call. 1C pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canadu one year for il.
r.retare raid.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI, 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135—
Japanese-Chines* employment office; fur-
nishes b?st help; contracts for farm help, etc
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanesc-
OUlieaa help. 426 Poweil. Tel> Main 575'2.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 413
Stockton : lei. Grant IBS; expert, reliable help.
CHINESE Employment Office— Best help at
Leon S^ung'fi. 411',, O'Farrell; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
f.ee: all kinds help. 315 Stockton ; Main 51b!».
CHINKSE and Japant** help; eetab. 20 years.
Tel. Main i:tf>7. BRADLEY &. CO.. <H0 Clay.
1. 'II'LOVMKNT \VA.\TEI) KK.MALB.
LADY of refinement and culture wishes po«l-
tion as visiting governess to young children
or would devote few hours dally to invalid;
good reader and musical. Box 4348 Call.
. 1
WANTED by competent Danish girl, position
to do second work or general housework;
Oakland or Berkeley preierred; wages $25.
Address 408 Thirteenth at.. Oakland.
A GOOD, willing girl for general housework
would like a situation. Call 1718 Baker St.,
near California.
COMPETENT dressmaker wishes work by the
day; stylish suits made in 2 days. 1624, Call.
WOMAN wants work by the day washing or
house-cleaning. Call 157 Tehama st.
A MIDDLEtAGED woman wants a position to
do general housework and cooking; city ¦ or
country; no postals. Call 1411 Baker St., bet.
Sutter and Post.
AN Eastern widow with one child wishes posi-
tion as housekeeper; country preferred. Box
100>». Call.
A REFINED American rlrl wants position as
*pcond girl in email family; references. Box
1610. Call.
A YOUNG Swedish girl would like a. place for
general housework. Inquire loxo Clay «t.
WANT ads and subscriptions talcen for The
Call at Katon's Bataar. 633 McAllister tt
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
YOUNG man, experienced stenographer. Indus-
trious and capable, wishes to secure a better
position In that capacity than his present
one; references. Box 1C26, Call.
VALET, courier or butler position wanted by
man who speaks the general languages and
has traveled a great deal on land and sea.
Box 4350. Call.
GERMAN couple want positions; wife flrst-
class cook; man housework. Ahlbom House.
321 Giant ave., room 20.
STENOGRAPHER, expert. U Apen for engage-
ment; can guarantee first-ciass work. Box
1622. Call office.
WANTED— Position as city salesman: thor-
oughly experienced and up-to-date; Al ref-
erences. Box 1623, Call.
A 5OBER young man would llko a position
few hours during day or evening. Box 4349
Call office.
FLORIST wants position In florist store or
greenhouses: city or vicinity. Address box
4SM. Call office.
YOUNG man. 23, wants position at machinist
tra.de; 6 years of practical experience. Box
4352. Call office.
A YOUNG trustworthy man. Just over from
Switzerland, with some knowledge of the
English language, wishes work of any kind;
private place preferred. Box 4342, Call.
HELP WASTED — FEMALE — Con.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit
and canning; steady work; highest wages.
Apply California Canneries Co., Brannan at.,
between Third and Fourth.
• . \
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; steady
employment: day and, piece work; highest
wages. CODE-FORTWOOD CANNING CO.,
Bryant and Tenth. "
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY;
PAID SALARY. LEVI" STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES. 32V4 FREMONT ST. AND 1S73
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
WANTED^-Experlenced waist trimmers and
skirt hands. Apply COX & DAUGHTERS.
1514 Pine st. -
WANTED — By a single lady as companion in
small town, a girl between 7 and 10 years;
pocd home, school, etc. Address box 1729,
Call office.
CHOCOLATE dipper wanted; must be experi-
enced: steady work, good wages. Call Wed-
nesday morning. B. J. BAUM. 1144 Howard.
SECOND girl; French oT Italian preferred:
referencei required; wages *23. Apply 1200
Geary st.. bet. 9 and 12 o'clock.
GIRL wanted to do housework and plain
cooking; German preferred. Apply bet. 2 and
6 o'clock at 1130 Folsom st.
GIRLS about 15 for factory work; good wage*.
Apply at once. AMES & HARRIS. 100 Sacra-
mento st.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes o p. m. Wednesday: salary 00 object.
LUNCH waitress wanted. 515 Valencia st.
A FINISHER on pants; steady work. 86
_Ge»ry. room 33.
WANTED— Errand girl at 1111 Van Neea ave..
and can learn drersmaking.
YOUNG girl for light housework. Apply 1344
Eddy *t.
FIRST-CLASS waist, skirt, cloak, sleeve
hands and assistants. Apply 1200 Geary st.
LADY agents on salary- Call 9 to C. office 39
Columbian building. 916 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
fut*crlpt'.on* baa been established at ltt>0
Valencia st.
HELP WANTKO — MALB.
AT CALITOR>n[A^EOTLOTMi£N^AG^NCY r
50 Third st., nr. Call bldg.: phone Bush 405.
NEVADA AND UTAH.
FREE FARE.
RYNDON, GOLCONDA AND RENO.
S. P. R. R. CO.'S OWN WORK.
1D3 laborers, ?2 a day
We Ship Dally On All Train*.
Crowds Are Going. Are You?
01 section hands, all parts of California,
Coast line and Western division.
Merced and Fresno To-day.
WOODSMEN.
2 timber fellers. $C0 a month and board.
2 buckers. $50 a month and board.
2 lookouts, $40 a month and board
2 waterbucks, $10 a month and board.
OREGON— FARE ADVANCED.
B coal miners. »iO-foot vein, $1 a ton; we ship
Monday and Tuesday. -,.• •
THRESHING MACHINE CREW.
4 hoedowns, $2 50 a day and board
4 teamsters. $1 W a day and board.
6 pitchers, $1 50 a day and board.
FREE FARE.
BIG MILL— SOUTH.
4 lumber piler*. $1 50 a day and board.
8 car loaders, ?1 50 a day and board. *
Hostler, city, $2 50 a day.
Buggy washer, city. $2 CO a day.
CAL EMP. AGENCY. 59 TMrd st.
IB CARPENTERS, plain work. $3 day; mar-
ried man to run vineyard on "hares r 2 far-
mers and wives. |50 and $53 and found:
laundryman. private family, $30 and found:
farm teamsters. $1 23 a day and board; 2
sheep herders. JSO and found; stableman and
driver for institution. $25 and found: fruit
pickers, $1 15 day and board: blacksmith
helper. $2 50 day; 2 muckers. $2 W> day; 10
laborers, company work. $2 25 day; wood-
choppers and many ethers. J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 623 Sacramento st. •
PORTER for saloon. $12 50 week; cook and
wife. $Cfl and found; hotel second cook, $50
and found; waiter for resort. $25 and found,
fare paid; restaurant porters, dishwashers,
potwa^hers and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
ANDRE'S Office. 317 Stockton St.— Plain car-
penters, country. $3 a day; 2 waiters, first-
class restaurant. $40; waiter, country min
Ine town. $35; kitchen hand. $35; short order
cook. $35; second cook. $45; cook for fam-
ily. $50; dishwashers and vegetablemen $25
and $.30; waiter, helps' hall, $30; porter and
BEsist waiting. $7 a week; indoor servant,
family, country, $30: plain carpenters, $3 a
day: porter for Institution, $25. etc.
A — HOTEL GAZETTE. 28 Montgomery, r. 12.
Janitor and wife for apartment-house; chore-
man for mining camp; elevator boy, ?20.
BOYS!
A good proposition for good boys.
AM. DISTRICT TEL. CO.. 607 Market st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 per pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50, or
orthopedic shoes, $3 BO; best shoes on earth. 11
Third St., Exam, bldg.. B doors from Market.
WANTED — Two voung men. 16 to 20 years
old. to learn the gilding trade. SANBORN,
VAIL & CO.. 741 Market st.
A>J energetic young man as assistant book-
keeper in savings bank; state salary re-
quired and give references. Box 1829. Call.
WANTED — Blacksmith to repair wagons, etc..
and horseshoeing. Fourteenth ave. and N.st.
6outh. Kentucky-st. cars. ¦
BARBERS, attention— 3-chalr barber shop for
sale; 3 living rooms; must be sold this week;
have to leave the city. 904 Bryant st.
SOBER, industrious man around 'gun club pre-
serve; wages nominal. • Apply 1734 Sutter
st., between 12 and 1.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mail chrgs. 11 Third St.. Exam.bld.
OPERATORS on cassimere pants; stock work.
Corner Gough and Grove sts.
WANTED — Steady shoemaker for first-class re-
pair work. Box 1611, Call office,
WAITER for small restaurant half day Sun-
day. 2385 Market St.. near Sixteenth.
BOTS wanted. COLOMBATS Factory. Hi
I O'Farrell st.
FIRST-CLASS barber wanted: eober man;
chance given buy half. 250 Sixth st.
WANTED — Good bootblack for country; good
wages. Apply 111 Elll* St. •
BOY wanted. 2513 Mission *t. -"
PICTURE framer, also a girl to make herself
useful. JONES, 1514 Park st.. Alameda.
1 WANTED— An elevator boy. 29 Stockton st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— Second-hand wcod worklntr nu.
chlaery. Addreg* box 4T.45. Call ofi^g-
BOOKS and librar.es bought. M. c. H'jL.MfV
1149 Market St.; phone Jessie U7U. .. f postaV
TILTON wants good seccnJ-hanJ dcttliai *r'i
theatrical goods. 154 l)th at. ; i»l. J.»»i e =S31
' A BIG price paid for sealskins: s?r.d post*IT
25 Stockton «t. : phone Bush tS4.
" jdOA&Y T»» LO.U,
AAA- HERMAN MURPHY. ~~
601-BU^-eu! Kx.-xmlner building.
Qjjck settlements; no disappointment.
Save exr>enae» by dealing diraotly.
Estates second mortgages, undivijj-d Inter-
ests, assignments oi rents, prop-rty In trust.
etc.; lewacl's, life estates and undivided ia-
teretta In property 3urchas»d.
Ccurteou* treatment. Strictly confidential.
V.h»n You Xf»d Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
ADVANCES on furniture and pianos without
removal- to salaried people on their not*
without 'security or knowledge of employer;
lowest rates; b»st terms; quickest service an.J
• bsolute privacy; special rates la munlcipii
employes and teachers. The Natioral Credit
Co., r. BJ»-t>» Donoho* bid.. 117O Market ft.
HIGHLY rirsoectable private pUce to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Ba!dwin Jewelry Store. S43
Market st.; tel. Main 16-14.. Branch. i;> Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boardln*- houses, -without
security eaay payments; largest business <a
4«J principal cities. Tolraan. 653 Parrott bldg.
MUNICIPAL. LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant a»e.,
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
S F. DISCOUNT AGENCY — Loan* to sa:ar«.~t
people on their not*.
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bMr;.
MONEY to loan en low Interest; go!d. sllvtr.
diamonds pearls and precious §ton?« bought
at W. J. HE9THAL'9. 10 Sixth it.
ON furniture, piano; no removal. E. W. LICK.
1003 Mutual Savings Bank bld<.. 7C3 MarXo-..
MONEY loaned to salaried employes. O. W.
MILLER, room 74. fifth floor. Chronicle bldj.
3% ON'fui^ilture & pianos; 315 up: no reraoval:
V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy St.. floor 4.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 5SS Kaarny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. . R.311. Mutual Sar.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indnrwr. MORRETJ,. KPft KxaminM hMg.
MISICAt ISSTRCMEaTS.
ARE NOT THESE BARGAINS?
Sherman & Hyde upright $117
Fllsher 83
Singer 1M
2 Stelnway* $1S3 :, -i
2 Chlckerlnga 83 139
2 Helnes 237 3S3
Rents, $2 up, apply on purchase; Install-
ments. $4 US-
HEINE PIANO CO.. 2M-237 Geary it., larg.
> eat exclusive piano house of the West.
AN upright piano shipped by high claaa East-
ern manufacturers will be told at actual coat
to save return cf freight. 237 Geary «:.
STEINWAY upright, left by private party^
$163; a great bargain. 237 Geary st.
WE rent the best piano In the city for $3 pef
month; a few fine one* for $3 SO-; 9 months
rental allowed on purchase price. Something
new— the Scctt Curtaz "Bijou," a lltt'.a
beauty with a big tone. Will go through th«
¦mallest doorway. For rent or for sale. Tha
"McPhail" piano; a magnificent Instrument.
The "Schiller" piano; best quality for th«
money on the coast. Some big bargain* la
second-hand pianos. SCOTT CURTAZ Piano
Co.. 5CO-62-64 Hayes st. ; tel.. Fell 5761.
YOU dc not take any chance* when buytn?
from as. Our methods are well known to bn
open and above board. "B'z bargains, net
big ads." Is our rule. All goods guaranteed
»? represented or no sale. Call and see larsc«
assortment of new and used instruments.
THE ZENO MAUVAI3 MUSIC CO., 7t» Mar-
ket *t.
A FEW good bargains, from $60 up, including
such maku as Mason & Hamlln. Vos-*,
Sterling. Marshall & Wendell. Fischer. Klrk-
mann. Carlitt. Weser. Pease. Kohler A Chase
and many others: easy payment", benj. Cur-
taz & Son. 16 O'Farrell: no bran?h»s in S. K.
THE greatest opportunity ever offered in Sna
FsanMsco to ret a good reliable piano cheap.
Before cur removal we will sacrifice any In-
strument for cash or installment*. Call or
write for prices an<l terms at once. KOHLZK
6 CHASE. Establl?hed 1S50. 30 O'Farrell.
BAND Instruments; F. Besscn. Paris, maker.
Gus Malwa!d..\gt. Pac. Coast. 278 O*Farr<?U;
skillful repairing; "d-hacd Instruments sold.
J73 — Urrlght piaro: » Gabler; good snap. HOR.
prPMO. 215 McAllister st.
RARE chance: cash or payments: elegant hi^h
grade upright. 10 McAllister st.
Unredeemed storage planes and furniture dirt
cheap. Whltthcad's Storage. 1C3G Market st.
BEAUTIKl'L 5-pedal Steinway upright plane:
perfect rrder: sacrifice. Keeffe"s,2S3 O'Farrell.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy piano*. Ceclllan plar.o
player. BYRON MAUZY, 3C9-312 Po3t st.
St'PERlOR violins, rlthfrs, eld and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham pla^.
A WEEK'S new^for 5 cents — The Weekly Cal'.
I6nnrf.t. In wrapper, for mailing. M per year.
- sunsEs.
EXPERIENCED nurse would like a few morei
ca«es: $10 per week. Box *27. Call office.
I'lAXOS A.y* ORCA5S.
PART of our list of bargain* in eecond-haad
pUnoi for September, li>G3:
Original
Price. Now.
2 BARNES & SON—
Walnut case*, large s:z«. colonial
¦tyle, three pedals. 7 1-3 octaves,
equal to new $350 $271
1 EMERSON—
Walnut case. cabinet grand,
carvetl panels. 7 1-3 octave*, three,
pedals, in fine condition, slightly
used 459 273
1 EMERSON—
Flemish oak case, cabinet grand.
, very latest desgln aad finish, nearly
I new 430 300
1 SOHMER, —
Mahogany cas*. medium size, toll
swinging desk. 7 1-3 octaves, thor-
oughly renovated and equal to
new '. 304 33$
1 WEBER—
Rosewood— case, fancy carved.
largest size. 7 1-3 octaves. In ex-
cellent condition 6SO 333
1 BRADBURY —
Rosewood case, large sise. 7 1-3
octaves, thoroughly renovated aad
equal to new 500 S34
1 BRADBURY—
Red oak case, cabinet grand,
7 1-3 octaves, thoroughly renova-
ted and equal to new BOO y>»
Complete list furnished en application at
cur «tore. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Corr.gr Keamy and Sutler sta,
PEItSONALS.
A— FAClAi. BLKiUSHES REMOVED.
Wrinkle*, yellow and Cabby skin, birthmarks.
¦mallpoa plttlngs and scars scientifically re-
moved without rutting, massage, electricity cr
medli-lne* ; special demonstration* this we«k.
Call or write Dr. L. WILLIAMS. 371 Geary.
I SPECIAL — ReduceAfor the month only. hom»
treatment that you can use a: your o»a
home. *"ein«jviijc wrinkles, tan. freckle*. lead-
ing skin ci*ar and smooth; to be. bad only as
my office. Call or write M. ELLA HARRIS.
7S1 O'Farrell at.
THE Star Hair Remedy re»tcre« gray hair, im-
prove* Its gr.-wth.stors falllng.cure* dandmx
and ttch!ne scalp: no *tain or sucklne»»:
cleans** scalp: at drucsl.«t»-. halrdrejajr* ac-
cept no -ubetitute. Star ReroedyCo..3S..Qeary.
NOT how cheap, but how good Is * h « "^"Jjf
the manufacturers of the Rapid "otary
Etandnrd. the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, arent. 1C21 Market st.
PHYSICIAN. 11 >«ir3- urTlencf. cum .P""
xnanently morcblne, cocaine haou. c.au or
address Central Pharmacy. 231 ura-t a^e..
corner Suttar «t.; ffe moderate. _^
DRUNKENNESS mort>htne ar.d all drug dis-
ease* positively cured by ¦Willow Rark Co..
1839 Polk St.: consultation free; -all or wr.te.
REMOVAL— DR. W. C. " R . A T f T°?L bl i! 'H
moved his office from ~ 5^ ,, M!s * lon l "*• V*
rooms 573 and 574. Parry tt bldg (Emporium).
HAIRDRESSING in all fcTMtdMa taught: $5 for
2 week* Up-to-Date Halrdressing Parlors.
1028 Market »t.. room 1. upstairs.
DANCING Tue-day. Thursday. Saturday afll
D Eund'ay e«n!ngt 7 .t Teutonia Hall. H«.rt
near Ninth: management Prof. Foster
.. 1,,, .-,„ cc .t uncalled for suits. overroa\»
A .ndfrju^rs *t CHARLES LYONS'. Londo*
Tailor. 721 Market st. m
ELEGANT suit* on e«y installm«m,: W cent*
¦ nd 113 uer wee*. LEON I_fc.MOJ-. lui
Market St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & mo!es removed by elec-
trl? needle Ur. & Mrs. Traver«e.ll70 Market.
"WITHOUT Medicines": only positive cure for
tota i deafness A deaf mutes. Ttox IT-'U. Call.
THE beat plac« to buy- acood umbrella* or
have them covered or repaired U 120 Stccktca.
ALL styles bairdr-fMins 2.">c: hair goods; raant-
ctrlng. '.13c- O. LEDERER. 123 Stockton »U
TAILOR- MADE cult (7 SO: dread pants *2 3O.
Mlaflt Clothing Parlor, ror. »u»n and Dupont.
MASQUERADE coitnmw. play books, trig*,
country order* GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Kenca restores gray
hair to Its natural color: II; at all dniCTjats*.
Stjperduoua hair and moles removed with eloe-
trio needle. Mm. * Miaat Eaton. 1113 Suttsc.
KMPI.OVMKNT "VAKTKD — .MAtB. _
POSITION wanted by unincumbered. healthy,
active, reliable, honest, refined, elderly wid-
ower as companion to invalid or others on
land or eea: jruardian, custodian or some
other suitable emuloyment. Address R. F.,
P. O. box 21C3. San Francisco, Cal.
UNION barber, a :nan of 50, speaking German
ar.d English, sober and eteady, wishes sit-
uation in city or country. Address Barber,
1925 PoM^ 1 _
WANTED — A position as travelinK salesman;
can furnish best of references. Addrees A.
H. BECK, care Brooklyn Hotel
WANTED — Situation as man about private
place; English; care of horses and garden.
J. M., box 4344. Call office^
ENGINEER (stationary) wiEhes sltuatlon^clty
or country: can do his own repairs; reference
given. Box 4144. Call office.
CUTTER and practical tailor; 15 years' ex-
perience; pood reference. Box 4347, Call.
A REFINED old gentleman desires a position
as companion. Box 1278. Call office.
JAPANESE wants position to do cooking or
general housework; wages $5 50 up a week.
Address N. S-. 52S Stevenson ft.
JAPANESE first-class cook wants place la
good family. 832 Clay st.. rear. Oakland.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
rubscrlptlons has been established at 1001
Valencia st.
glXAXCIAL.
4 PER CENT TO 0 PER CENT HIGH GRADE
Municipal. School, Railroad and Corporation
Bonds.
Bank and Trust Company Stocks.
Selected for conservative investor*.
Write for Information to
HEAZELTON * CO..
Stock and Bond Broker*.
Hayward building.
San Francisco. Cal.
A SAN FRANCISCO firm wants a representa-
tive in every town; applicant must be able to
Kive bank security if required. Address box
3 2S3. Call office.
FLATS TO LET.
A HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense list:
eervice absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 243-250 Geary
•t., en the square.
NOE. 1056, cor. Elizabeth — A new 0-room flat;
all'modern Improvements; convenient to Ca».
tro and Twenty-fourth st. cars; rent reason-
able. __
LOWER flat of 6 rooms, bath, stationary tubs
and gas; reasonable. 524 Fell st. v
GROVE. 731 — Upper flat 5 rooms, bath; light,
sunny; adults^ _________^__
TURK, l^lS — Bay window, sunny lower flat;
windows all around; 3 rooms. $12.
FINEST new flat in Panhandle district: 7 sun-
ny rooms. ViH BcIIevue St., near Haight.
2 ELEGANT new flats, 6 and 7 rooms; rent
$30 ar.d $35. Church and Seventeenth sts.
VAN NESS and Union— 7 and S new light
sunny rooms; modern; up-to-date; rent reas.
4 NEW rooms and bath; water free; $13. 333
Tehama st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
FLATS FOR SALE.
A BARGAIN— «4250; CORNER LOT, 2 FLATS;
LOT 25x114: 1S4 CLIPPER ST. SEE
OWNER ON PREMISES.
FUUMTVKJB WASTED.
A FAMILY fitting up a home desire to par-
chase some good furniture, etc. Box 4353,
Call office.- .__
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462,
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
Cal.Auction House pays highest prices for fur-
nit ure ! flatf^etc^llO5Mlsslon2teJ : J^
A L. STORRS pays highest cash prices furni-
ture. carpets, etc. : tel. Larkin 3631. B34 Ellis.
HEL1* WAATKO— FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. Phone Grant 185.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Man and wife. Janitor and wife to cook for
4 persons, new apartment-house, city, $50.
Cook, mining town, party hern 10 a. m.. 840.
Head waitress, city hotel, $30.
2 waitresses, came place, J25.
Chambermaid and waitress, same country
hotel, party here at 2 to-day.
2 waitresses, restaurant, $1 25 day.
2 more waitresses. Institution, country. $23.
Cook, small restaurant, mining town, $30
found.
20 chambermaids, chambermaids to wait,
waitresses, city and country, $20-$30.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Cook, small family. State of Nevada, party
here, fare paid, $30; cpok, Alameda, party
here, $30; 2 cooks, city, $30-?35; houseglrls,
Becond girls, nuraeglrls, others.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 42if Bush st.
WANTED— Cook, $35, American family: 4
cooks, little wash, $30-$35; maid and seam-
stress, $25; cook, small hotel, country. $40; 5
second girls, $20-$25; French maid, $25; 4
nurseglrls, $20-$15-$25; chambermaid, $20;
chambermaid, sleep home, $25; 4 cluunber-
malds, wait one meal, $20-$25; saleslady,,
bakery, S15 and found; housework, country,
$30; laundress, $25; nurse, Invalid lady, 825;
housework. Calistoga, ?25; housework In Al-
ameda, Oakland, Sausallto and all nearby
towns at $20-$25-$30. Apply to J. F. CRO-
6ETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
WANTED — A cook, small private boarding-
house, ?35; also chambermaid and waitress,
same house, ?25. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 334 Sutter st.
3 MEN and wives on small ranches. $40 and $50.
Appir J- F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter at.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn halrdrcsstng
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to I
ljV.2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school la
' •yVt«t. 233 Geary St.. room 13. -
A — LADIES, learn all branches halrdresslng
trade; manicuring, massage, etc.; 1236 Mar-
ket ct.. cor. Jones, room 04; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; fall.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught from start to finish In 1
month for $10; positions as trimmer*, sales-
ladies, etc., guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st.. r. 13.
WANTED — Olrl for upstairs work and to assist
with children; wages $20. Apply 1818 Sac-
ramento st.
GIRL for cooking and assist housework: good
was*». Apply 2307 Broadway, near Flllmore.
GIRL for housekeeping and children; wages
$20. 1166 Bryant St., near Tenth.
WANTED— Girl for second work and waiting.
1307 Hyde »t.
A STRONG woman to do sweeping and light
chamberwork: good wages. 1122 Market st.
1 >
WOMAN for housework. 513 Stevenson st.
WANTED — Skirt and waist hands, also Im-
prover. Room C3, St. Ann's Bldg.LOST CHICKEN RANCHER
KETTTRNS TO HIS HOME
Altheer of Petaluma Says He Cannot
Recall What Happened to
Him.
PETALUMA, Sept. 22.— Bernard Al
theer, the chicken rancher whose strange
recent disappearance caused such alarm,
has returned to his home near this city.
He came to his senses after nearly a
week during which time he cannot ac
count for his whereabouts or actions. He
awoke from a stupor In a vacant lot in
San Rafael near the railway depot.
From the time of hfs disappearance on
Thursday he could only remember having
ridden with a stranger from a roadhouse
on the Santa ,Rosa road to Petaluma. He
drank a glass of beer at the resort and
another In town and thinks that he must
have been drugged. The money he had
on' his person was carried in a belt strap
ped about him and this the parties who
may have tried to rob him overlooked.
Postoffices Advanced.
"WASHINGTON. Sept. 22.— There will be
eighty-five fourth class postofflces in the
United States advanced to Presidential
class October L They Include Alturas,
Boulder Creek and Fowler. Cal.
Gets Six Hits Out of Seven Times
Up, Four of Them Being
Triples.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
CINCINNATI, Sept. 22.— Cincinnati again
broke even In the double-header with Phila
delphia to-day. The feature of the first game
was Donlln's terriflo batting, getting six hits
out of seven times at bat, four of them
triples. The second game was called in the
seventh on account of darkness. Attendance
2000. Score:
First came— R. H. E.
Cincinnati 7 14 5
Philadelphia 12 18 2
Batteries — Phillips and Fohl; Dug-gleby and
Dorn.
Second game — ' R. H. E.
Cincinnati 8 10 0
Philadelphia 1 6 0
Batteries — Ewlng and Feitz; Mitchell and
Dorn. Umpires — Johnstone and Hurst.
PITTSBURG, Sept. 22. — Clarke's homo run
which tied the score was the only feature.
The balance of the game was ordinary and
Pittsburgh new players could not win. At
tendance 1600. Score:
R. H. E.
Pittsburgr 4 12 3
Brooklyn 6 10 0
Batteries — Thompson, Kennedy and Car
rlsch; Schmidt and Rltter. Umpire — Emslie.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 22. — Boston won from St.
Louis to-day in a one-sided game. Attendance
1200. Score :
R. H. E.
St. Louis 16 2
Boston 10 11 2
Batteries — Betts and Covenay; Plttlnger
and Moran. Umpire — Moran.
CHICAGO, Sept. 22. — Weimer pitched another
great same against New York to-day, allow
ing but six scattered hits. Attendance 3100.
Score :"
R. H. E.
Chicago 0 11 1
New York 1 6 1
Batteries — Weimer and Raub; McGinnity and
Warner. Umpire — CDay.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
NEW YORK, Sept. 22.— Cleveland again
beat New York to-day and put an end to all
hbpes and aspirations of the locals. Attend
ance 8700. Score:
R. H. E.
New Tork 4 8 1
Cleveland 5 10 3
Batteries — Tannehill and Bevllle; Stovall and
Abbott.
PHILADELFHIA.,Sept. 22.— Henry's bad in
ning and several costly errors by the locals,
'gave Detroit to-day's game. Manager Bar
rows and Pitcher Donovan were ordered off
the grounds for disputing a decision. Attend
ance 3500. Score :
R. H. E.
Detroit " H 1
Philadelphia 4 15 0
Batteries — Kitson and Buelow; Henry. Fair
banks and Scnpeck.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 22.— St. Louis won the
final game of the series to-day. Attendance
2000. Score:
R. H. E.
Washington ... : 2 5 2
Et. Louis 8 12 2
Batteries — Patten and Kittredge; SudhofC
and Kahoe.
BOSTON, Sept. 22. — The home team's long
string of successive wins was broken by Chi
cago to-day. Score:-
R. H. E.
Boston •••• 0 4 1
Chicago 7 10 3;
Batteries — Hughes and Farrell; Altrock and
Sullivan.
SONI/IN'S REMARKABLE
BATTING IS FEATURE
The race was bitterly fought. Major C,
the favorite, was laid up in the first heat,
Joe Pointer winning in, a drive from Fan
ny Dillard. Major C shot to the front in
the second and was carried to the half by
Captain Sphinx in 1:01%. Here both
horses gave it up and Fanny Dillard set
sail for what proved to be the record. The
time^by quarters was: :30, 1:01%, 1:32%,
2:03%. The mare had no trouble in beat
ing Joe Pointer home in the last heat
Summary:
2:23 class, trot, three in five, purse $2000—
John Taylor won three straight heats in
2:13%, 2:12, 2:14. Guy Fortune, Bessie Birch
wood, Cole Direct. Belle Sligo. Beam Potts
and Kinemont also started.
2:06 class, pacing, two in three, purse $800 —
Fannie Dillard won the second and third heats
in 2:03% 2:05. Joe Pofnter won the first heat
In 2:05>4. Terra Queen. Captain Sphinx,
Harry O, Rlley B, Larrie Glnter, Allerson and
Major C also started.
2:17 class, trotting, two In. three, purse $2000
— Billy Buck won two straignt heats in 2:09,
2:10. John Mac and Dillon Boy also started.
2:15 class, pacing, three In five, purse $1000
— John M won three straight heats in 2:00%.
2-.OOV4. 2:09%. R On Time, Columbia Hat.
Queen of Spades. Daisy, Elder, Ethel Mack,
American Boy. Roxle T, Robert M, Star On
ward, Credettc and Colonel Taylor also started.
COLUMBUS. O.. Sept. 22.— Fanny. Dil
lard of the W. L. Snow stable to-day be
came champion of pacing mares. In the
2:06 pace at the Columbus track she went
the mile in 2:03%, one half a second bet
ter than the best efforts of Lady of The
Manor, Mazette and Dariel.
Beats Major . O and. Joe
Pointer, and Reels Off a
Mile in 2:03 3-4.
Establishes, New Record
in Close Race at
Columbus.
FANNY DILLARD
QUEEN OF PACERS
BOARD GIVES NOTICE OF .
MID-TERM VACATION
Notifies Principals to Admit No New
Pupil Who Lives Near Another
School.
The Board of Education yesterday sent
a circular of instructions to principals of
the public schools informing them that
the mid-term vacation will begin Mon
day, September 28, and end Friday, Oc
tober 2.
Principals are also notified to admit no
new pupil who lives nearer another school
with the same grade for two weeks after
the opening of each school 'term and to
admit no such pupil at any time when
he would cause the class to exceed the
enrollment of fifty in the first grade and
fifty-five In the other grades.
On September 23 and October 7 at 3:45
p. m. Walter E. Magee, supervisor of
physical culture, will give instructions at
the Girls' High School to those new
teachers- who have not yet received them.
Any others who desire to attend will be
welcomed.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Eleven.
Paraffir.e Paint 33 00
Postal Device . -and Imp . ....
San Francisco Dry Dock 47 CO ....
Sausallto Land and Ferry. . . 1A 00
Sporry Flour Company...... 27 50 30 00
Standard Electric 18 00
Truckee Electric 13 25 16 00
Union Sugar 22 50 ....
United Gas and Electric 34 50 ....
Western Fish Co *>•...
Morning Session.
Board —
100 Esperanza . 130
300 Sovereign 40
10 Fultoi 3 00
50 Kor. Cal. Power o 25
50 I fan.- 1 Susar 20
Street—.
S0O Sovereign 39
1000 Independence \ 18
Afternoon Session.
Board —
100 Home 95
100 Home 97Vi
100 Sovereign 40
Street —
100 Home, s 90 , 90
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
The following were the sales on the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Morning Session.
1000 Alpha 07:1000 Exchequer ... 10
200 Bullion ...... 10; 200 Gould & Cur.. 26
300 Caledonia .... 8« ! 400 Potosl 21
300 Chollar 21j 200 Savage 24
100 Chollar 22; 200 Sierra Nevada 02
100 C Ci& Va....l 45j 10O Union Con 72
600 Imperial 05. 200 Yellow Jacket 43
100 Crown Point.. 13|
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 271 200 Ophlr 1 70
100 Caledonia 85 1 100 Union .. 71
150 Con Cal & Va.l 45J 100 Utah 14
200 Gould & Cur. 24 500 Utah IB
300 Keys Gaesslcr 55 100 Sierra Nevada 60
100 Mexican 1 10
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
The following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 C C & Va...l 47% 200 Ravage 24
300 Exchequer .. 11 500 Seg Belcher. 10
500 Exchequer ..13 200 Sierra Nev.. 62
200 Gould & Cur. 26 200 Yellow Jack. 48
100 Mexican ....1 12%
Afternoon Session.
COO Alpha Con... 07 300 Savage 24
f 00 Andes 15 300 Savage ... 25
100 Best & Bel..l 35 200 Sierra Nev Cl
100 C C & Va...l 45 400 Sierra Nev!! 62
COO Gould & Cur. 24 200 Sierra Nev.. 63
200 Hale & Norc 47 500 Utah ..... 15
100 Ophlr 1 70
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
The following were the sales on the San
Francisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yes
terday: ¦
Morning Session.
1000 Cen Eureka... 84 1000 South Eureka 1 r
200 Gipsy Queen.. 26 100 Ton N Star vi
100 Montana Ton. 89 600 Ton N Star" ?4
100 Pine Grove... 61 300 Ton N Star!". 33
. Afternoon Session.
600 Cen Eureka. .. v 8a 300 Ton N Star 22
100 Pine Grove... (54 500 Ton N. Star" \1
200 Pine Grove... 6G 200 Ton N Star" SO
8000 Ton N Star.. 33 Blar " d -
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. Sept. 22—3:30 p m.
Bid. Ask. ( . B | d Aak .
Alta :........ 05 07 Imperial ... ©4 ™
Alpha 07 OSIJulla 12 XT
Andes 14. 15!Justlco 07 no
Best & Belch.l 50 1 60 Ken tuck 03 iu
Bullion 05 10 Keyes 5JJ _
Challenge . . . . • 30 35'Lady Wash . . 0° 04
Chollar 21 22< Occidental . . 33 - oil
Con Cal & V.I 45 1 50 Potosi «1 «2
Confidence... 80 90lSavage 23 o,
Crown Point.. 14 16 Sierra Nev .. C2 «5
Exchequer ... 13 14 Syndicate ... -_ o«
Ophlr .. .1 70 175 Union .' 75 '. 7ft
Overman .... 22 24 Utah 14 le
Gould & Cur. 25 2G Yellow Jacket 48 Kn
Hala & Norcs 61 65 ou
TONOPAH MINES.
Bld.Ask. BId.Ask.
Colehan — • 23 Rescue 08 10
Esperanza ... 02 03 Ton Belmont.l 40 1 75
Gipsy Queen.. — 27 T & Cal 20
Gold Mt Con. — 10] Ton & G W.. 05
Lucky Tom... — lOjTon of Nev.. __ 7 00
MacNamara . 12 16 Ton N ¦ Star. 30 3">
Mont Ton ... 87 8S Ton Midway.. 43 44
Paymaster ... 15 Ton & Salt L — 45
Pine Grove... 64 70 United Ton... — iq
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1903.
13
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Mare Island and Vallejo Steamers.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or. MONTICELLO—
0:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sunday.
Sunday. 9 :45 a. m.. 8 :30 p, m. Leave Vallejo,
7 a m.. 12:30 noon. 6 p. m., ex. Sunday. Sun-
day 7 a ra., 4:15 p. m. Fare, 50 cents. Tel.
Main 1508. Pier 2. Mlsslon-st dock. HATCH
BROS. - . - ,
TOYO KISEN KAISHA-
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.) ¦
8teamera will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m., for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc No
cargo received on board on day of sailing.'
S I. NIPPON MARU
.- Thursday, October 15, 1903
8. S, AMERICA MARU...
Tuesday. November 10, 1903
S. S. HONGKONG MARU 1
Thursday, ¦ December 3, 1903
Via Honolulu. Round trip tickets at reduced
rater. For freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's offlce, 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
RAILWAY TBAVE3*
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave and are due to »rrl»« »•
SAN FRANCISCO.
(Main Line. Foot ef Mtrfcet Street )
*l»ati -TTkom 3»ftimb«s 2. 1903. — *«»?»'
7.00*. Bealcia, Suisun, Klmlrft and Sacra-
mento Z4&*
7.C0*. V»caTllle, Wlausrt. Kamaey.. 7.25*
7.30a Martlnea, Saa R&mon, VaUeJow m
Napa. Caltatoga, Santa Rosa 6.25r
7 ZQ*. NUe«. LlTermore, Latnrop. Btocfc-
ton 7.23*
8.00a DaTit, Woodland. Knight* Landinc
Mary»Yllle, OroTllla, (connect*
at Mnrysvllle for Grldley, Dlgj»
andChlco) . .J-JJr
8.00a Atlantic Expre»»— Ogdeo and Baat. 10.23*
8.00a Port Coata. Martinez. Aatlocn, By-
ron,Tr»cj,8tocfcton,Sacrameatt»,
Los Banos, Mendota, Hanford,
Vlsalia. Porterrllle 4JB»
B.00a Port Coita, Martinez, Tracy. Latn-
rop. Modesto. Merced. Fresno,
Goshen Junction, Haaford, Vl-
salia, Bakersneld 5-23*
8.30a Shasta Kspress— Darts. Williams
(for Bartlett Springs). Willows.
trrnto, Ked Bluff. Portland 7-65»
8.S0a Nllej. San Jose, LlTermore. fltock-
ton,Ione.Sacramento,Placer»tlle,
MarysTllle. Cblco, Bed BlaS 4.257
8.30a Oakdale. Chinese. Jamestown. So-
nora. Tnolncnne and Angela ..... 4.25*
9.00a Martlnezand WaySUtloas 8 55*
1000a Vallejo.. 1£2S*
1000a El Pmo Paiseuiter. Eaatbound.—
. Port Costa, Martinez. Byron,
Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton.
Merced. Raymond. Fresno. Ht»
fcri. Vlsalla, Bakersneld, Los
Auceles and El Paso. (West-
bound arrlTes via Coast Line)... «1.3oP
1000a Tne Orerland Limited — Ogden,
Dearer, Omaha. Chtcaco- f$5 F
12.00V Hayward. Niles and Way Stations. 3.J5*
11.00* Bacrsmeato Hirer Steamers.. tli-OOr
340* Benicla. -Wlntera, Sacramento.
Woodland. Williams, Colata.W*
Iowa, Knights Landing. Mary*-
Tine. Ororlile and way stations., m .65*
8-30* Hayward, If ties and Way Stations.. 755?
4.00* Martlnez.San Ramon. ValleJo,Napa,
Calistoga. Santa Rosa. .r?§ A
4.00* Martlnex.Tracy.Latlifop.Stoeltton. 10 25a
400* Nllea, Llrermore. Stockton. Lodl.. 4.2S*
4.30* Hayward. Nlles. Irrlngton. San t tf-65*
Jose, Lirennore I 111.55a
6 CO* The Owl Limited— Fresno. Tnlare,
Bakertueld, Los Angeles USA
6X0* Port Costa, Tracy, Stockton, Lo» z^r~
Banos t2.2S»
t6.30> Hayward. Nlles and San Jos« ..... 7.25a
8-00* Hayward. Nlles and San Jose. 13 25*
8X0* Oriental Mall— Ojtden. Denver,
Omaha, St. Louis. Chicago and
Kant. Port Costa, Benicla. Sui-
sun, Elmira, David, Sacramento,
Rocklln. Antm-n, Colfax.
Trnckee. Boca, hano. Wads-
worth. Wlnnemseca, Battia
Mountain. Elko 4-2S*
».. Reno, Truekee, Sacramento, Darls,
Suisun. Benicla, Port Coma...... 7.89a
i.00* Vallejo, dally, except Sunday.... \ 7 »«
7.00* Vallejo, 8undar only J '"""
IJQQr 8an Pablo. Port Costa, Marlines ....
and Way Stations 11.28a
8-06* Oregon * California Kzpreis— Sao-
rauiento, Marysrllle, Reddtng.
Portland. Paget Soocd and East. 8-53*
8.10* Hsywwrd, Nlles and San Jose (Sna-
dayonly) 11.58*
11.25* Port Costa, Tracy. Lathrop. Mo>
desto. Merced. Raymond (to To>
Semite), Fresno, Hanford. Vi- _„,._
salla. Bakeraneid 12-28>
COAST LINE (Narrow Uaaj.).
(foot of Market Street.)
745a Santa Crux Excursion (Sunday
only) i-18*
8.15a Newark. CenterrUIe. San Jose,
Felton. Boalaer Creek, SanU
Cruz and W»y Stations 8 25*
t2.15* Newark, CenterrUIe. San Jose,
New Almaden.Loa Oatos.Felton.
Bonlder Crnek, Santa Crna and
Principal Way Stations 10.55a
4.15* Newark. 8an Jose. Los Gatoa and
way stations (on Saturday and
Sunday rnns tnroegn to Bant*
Craz: Monday only from SanU
Cruz). Connects at Feiton to
aad from Bonlder Creek t8.o5*.
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAM KUAN CISCO, foot of Market St. (Slip**
—17:15 *:00 11:00 a.m. 1.00 300 5.15 r.u.
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — 1«:0» J3:0»
t3:03 10: (X) a.m. 12 00 200 4.00*.*.
COAST LINE (Broad «a«te).
-£3r- (laird and Townsend StreaU.) m
8-10a San Jose and Way Stations • 30*
t700A San Jose and Way Stations * 5 35e
7.15* Monterey and Santa Crus Excur-
elon (Sonday only) t-30*
8 00a Xew Almaden (Tues.. Frld.. only), 4.10*
• 00a Coast Line Limited— Stops only Saa
Jose. Gllroy (connection for Hol-
. lister), Pajaro. Ca«trorllle. Sa-
Unaa. San Ardo, Paso Roble*
8antaMargarlta,San Lais Obispo,
Guadalupe, Surf (connection for
Lompoc). Santa Barbara, Saugn*
and Los Angeles. Connection at
CaatroTlIIe to and from Monterey
andPaciac Grore 10.45*
8). 00a Ban Jose. Tres Plnos. Capltola,
BantaCraz.PaclflcOrore.Sallnaa.
San Luis Obispo and Principal
Intermediate Stations 4. Iff*
t0.30a Ban Jose aad Way Stations 1.20*
11.00a Cemetery Passenger— South San
Francisco, San Bruno 1.08*
1130a Santa Clara. San Jose. Los Gatos
and Way Stations 7-30*
a1 .30> San Jose and Way. Statlona ... .... X7-00*
2X0r San Jose and Way Stations 18-40*
2.30? Cemetery Passenger — 8outh Saa
Francisco, San Brnno 4-35*
t34)0* Del Monte Express— Santa Clara.
Sau Jose, Del Monte. Monterey,
Pacific Grore (connects at Santa
Clara for Santa Cruz, Bonlder
Creek and Narrow Gaage Polnu) 112-15*
8.30* Pacific Grove and Way Stations—
liarllng-ame.San Mateo.Redwood,
MenloPark, Palo Alto, Maytteld,
Mountain View. Lawrence, SanU
Clara, San Joae, {Gtiroy. Holll*-
ter, Tres Plnos). Pajaro. Wataon-
rllln. Capttola. Santa Cruz, Cas-
troTllle, Salinas 10 45a
4-30r San Jose and Way Stations 8-33a
oCOp San Jose, (rla Santa Clara) Loa
Gatos, Wright and Principal Way
Stations (except Bnnday) 9 COa
15-30* Ean Jose and Principal Way Stations 1900 a
tS.16r 6an Mateo, Beresford.BelmonwSaa
Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaka,
MenloPark. Palo Alto t9-4S*
6.30* San Jose and Waj Stations. 6.31a
7-CO* Suoset Limited, Eastbonnd.— Saa
Luis Obispo, Sitnu Barbara, Los
Angeles, Demlng. El Psso, Kew
Orleans, New Tork. (Westbound
arrlres ria Sun JoaqalaValley)... v8.25a
8.00* Palo Alto and Way Stations........ 10-15*
11.30r South ban Francisco. MUlbraa.
Burllnjrame, San Mateo, B«t-
mont, San Carlos, Redwood, Mi ..
Fair Oaks, Menlo Park, Palo Drift
Alto, Mayneld. Mountain View, *••?«*
Sunnyvale, Lawrence. SanU
Clara and 8an Jose J
A for Morning. P for Afunoos.
X Saturday and Sunday only. t Studay oaty.
i 6teps at all sUtlons on Snnday.
t Sunday ezcerted. a Saturday aaljr.
« Via Coast Line. v Via 8an Joaqoln VtHsy.
oReno train eaUbound discontinued.
EB"*Oaly trains stopping at Valencia St. southbound
areti:lUA.M..t7:«UJi..n:U)A.i<..J:3UJ'.M. and*:38r.M,
H TO SAfl RAFAEL
SAN QUENTIN,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO.ETC.
via Sausalito Perry
lM1 4l-NDA?3 AND LEGAL. HOUDATS-T.
tt S Mfl llf tU:80 ». m.. U2:30. 11:30.
* 35 »3-30 6 V 7:30. 9. 11:45 p. ra.
Satu%S-B On Saturdays the 3:l5 p. m. traia
11-05 L eu, 12:30. 2:20, »:43. 4:30. 5:30, 8:43.
10^T?XDAY*S-6:13. 7:83. J3:10. »:4». |1»:53.
tlJU5^ ntTliVJ^O. »^5. *:*». »=«.
e: Adns marked «) start from San Qnetitta.
FTtOM MILX. VALLEY TO SAN FKAN-
ClSCO^-Week daya— 5:43. 6:40. 7:43. 8:23.
8745? lUlO *. m.7 12:40. 2:43. 4 US. 0:10. 7:55;
10 SXJNDAYS— «:33, 7:53, 10. 11:10 a. ra.. 12:05.
1 65 2:40 3:43, 4:63, 6:0G. 7:10. tO:40 p. m.
1 ' * THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a, m.. week days — Cazad^ro aad way
stations.
6:15 p. m.. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way stations.
3:15 p. m., Saturdays— Caxadero and way
stations.
Sundays and Legal Holiday*— 8 a. m., Caaa*
dero and way stations.
. Sundays and Legal Holidays — 10 a. m.. Foot
Reyes and way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— «2« Maxlwt st.
FERRT— Foot of Market st.
MOUNT TAMALPAB RAILWAY
Leave Wa fasmlit* hrryi Arrtv*
S— Pran. WrfHsrkssR Sm» rYaa.
Week Son- _ "M Son- 1 wSC*
»)45a h-.OOa. K^igafeai l*iOOt*9:k&i
1:45* 9:OOa VStsSiESr 13:50*3:30*
fcl4rio:ooA v??5ir>rW »«8o* Siflo*
_ .. «_ l:3Op ru*.*-
| a:l3r| sioor _
haarUjt oaij. snn Titcb 1 t'.SOr.trrmU. 11jSO»
IICUT \ 835 KLuuonr St^ (WotHi SHora tadnmdj
OfnGB I aad Sausauto Fiut Poot afaifcat 3c
16 Pages. 61 per Year
KEA1^JCSTATE--CITV FOR SALE.
EASTOX, ELDRIDGE & CO
eas ' siarket st.
CEstabliFhed 1S75.)
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
TUESDAY. EEPTEilIiEH N i» 1003
At our saJtsrwjm. CSS Market Ft.
___ -At 12 o'clock noon.
WnSTERX ADDITION FLATS.
r\E. cor. YVtbEter and Fulton sts.; S cle^rant
Hats of 5-6 rooms jHjrevla_in baths, wooden
mantels, brick foundation- rent* $H>0 month.
WEBSTER-ST. INVESTMENT.
W. line of Webster st . 37:6 ft. S. of Hayes;
Ncs. M3-15-17-1W Webster;'* elegant 2-story
and basement residene.-s ; modem plumbing,
patent flush toilets; renting for $113 per month;
lot 75xyo feet.
KLLTON-ST. INVESTMENT.
N. line of Pulton eU, 78 tt. W. cf Webster;
I^os. 7eS-74-70-78 Fulton gt. ; 4 rebrtantially
erected cottaces; rents extremely low for $10
per month; mortgage of JJixX* can remain;
large lot. 79:Uxi- ( . jett.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
Northwesterly 'ine of Har»:son Bt.. 109 ft-
south of iouj Nos. 141^-1414-14ij Harrison
Ft.; steadily rented, bringing in ta Income of
$'.*0 per month; flats in nrst-c'.ass condition;
this is the finest investment in this district.
MINNA-ST. FLATS.
S. line of Minna et.. C3 ft. KB. of Sth: Nm.
C63-CC31J Minna et. ; 2 very beautiful bay-
window fiats of 4 rooms and bath; rents $34
montli.
MISSION FLATS.
TV. line of Potrero are.. 107:0 ft. N. of 21st
ft.; Nos. 8<J2-4-(> Potrt-ro ave.: 3 beautiful new
flats, containing K-Craoma ani porcelain baths,
tiled sinks, carved wcKxien. mantel*, eas prate;
modern in even' imilfl' stable on the prem-
ises; lot 23:3x100 ft.; mortgage 'of $3000 caa
remain.
TURK-ST BCHJMNO LOT.
SW. cor of Turk and Central a\e. ; particu-
larly desirable bui!-i:r-c stte for the erection
of flats: lot level and ready for bulldmj;; lot
27:tixllO feet.
MISSION COTTAGB.
E. line of Noe et., 103:4 Jt. N. ol Laldiey
and S. of 80th; No- IT3»; weil-bullt cottage of
4 rooms arid bath ar.d hlKh basement, inclosed
glass Dor<-h fir.e stable; lot 3Oxll5 feet.
MISSION INVESTMENT.
NW. cor. lMh ar.d Oollin^wood nts. ; improve-
meMs consist of a two-story frame building
cor.:a:r.lnp a Ftore and flat above, « rooms ar.d
tath: etabie in rear; rents $C5 per month; lot
£•»::> feet.
MISSION BUILDING SITE.
NW. ror. Church and Valley stf. ; magTi.ifl-
cer.t buildlns elte in a particularly desirable
ceighborh'Od; this pi'opeHy is so Bituated that
It commands a beautiful view; lot 2(1:6x100 ft.
>IAX>1EON & BURKE. 30 Montgomery Bt.
AUCTION !
AUCTION!
AUCTION'.
auction;
wednesday sept. so, 190$
At our salesroom. 30 Montgomery et.
At 12 o'clock noon.
REFEREE" S 6 ALEX
No. I4C0 California et., bet. Hyde and Lar-
kin; old dwelling; elegant Eite for flats; lot
S0xlS7 :6.
ADMINISTRATRIX SALE.
Nj*. 47-48 Langton st.. bet. Howard and
Folsom: 2 flats; renting- for $23 per month;
lot £5xS0. ALSO
Nos. 22-22^ Langton, bet. Howard and
Folsom; Etore and flats above; renting for
$42 60 per month; lot 23x75.
BUSH ST. INSIDE LOCATION.
No. 705 Bush, adjoining cor. Powell; house
12 rooms; rent JM» per month; Al location
for apartment-huuFe.
CALIFORNIA ST.. NEAR rOLK.
Noe. 16-.iO-ltkiSi California et., adjoining N.
V>'. cor. Polk; 2 houses, renting low for $S0
per month; this property has grand business
future; lot £>>xK7:G and 137:6.
TAYLOR-ST. CORNER.
Northeast cor. Taylor Ft. and Broadway; 2
dwellings; renting for $G3 per month; one of
the meet sightly and protected corners In
this section ; grand corner for fiats or apart-
ments: lot 62:6x30.
TAYLOR ST.. ADJOINING COR. JACKSON
Nos. 1309-1311 and 1313 Taylor ft.; CS:9
feet south of Jackson; large house of 23
rooms, baths, «tc. ; also 2 dwellings adjoining
of 9 rooms each, which, with email outlay,
could be converted into flats; grand marine
view; Jot 107:6x137:6.
HOWAItn-ST. INVESTMENT.
Ncs. 1203 to 1211B Howard ard 708 to 712
Tehama; 6 substantial modern flats on
Howard st. and fl flats on Tehama 6t., la
rear: present low rental I25S0 per annum;
Jut 45x100.
GOLDEN GATE PARK BLOCK.
Half block fadnt Golden Gate Park;
fronting on Fulton Ft. < formerly D Et.),
Thirtieth ave. er.d C St.; size 120x600.
E5TATE /OF M. HARTLEY. DECEASED.
Lots NVs. 8 and ft In block 202 of the S. S.
F. Hd. and R. R. Association; Eize 75x200.
Lot No. 3 In block 34 of Excelsior Hcme-
etead AsF-->oiation; Flze 10<>xl5«.
For cataJojrue and particulars apply to
MADISON' & Et'RKE.
30 Montgomery tt.
nEADQCARTERS FOH PAIIK LOTS!
$500 to $1200 — Only pradod lots fronting
boulevard, ocean and park. Unobstructed
view frcm every lot. Fronting electric cars.
Don't miss this opportunity. Eary terms.
f CO to $250— Near ocean and park — $5 monthly.
Ocearside branch office on 49th ave. and K e *
OPEN SUNDAYS.
FELLINO FAST— SEE THEM TO-D\Y
$5oO to $1000— New lots in Sunset District
Griuled and 6ewered. near curs, $10 monthly.
Sunset branch office en 9th avs., near H st.
$ir>0 to $200 — Level Excelsior Homrstead lota
near Mission-ft. electric cars — $5 monthly.
Choice Richmond District lots, $10 monthly.
$ 1OOO to J2T.OO — «, 5 and 6 room modem cot-
tages, Funsct. Richmond and Excelsior
Homestead. All bargains!
Easy terms!
EOL GETZ &¦ PON. owners and dealers
Room &4. Chronicle building.
JOPErH STKAUB. C30 Market Et. "
$14.iK/j — 0 fiatr on Central ave.; renu annu-
allv (1392; bargain.
J3000— a fiats on McAllister et: rents f'j-JO
annually: coed Investment.
$'Sl>*> — Pauw 'I - flats and attic: basement;
rear *iou».-: vicinity Mason and Filbert ets.
MHO — Cott:.pe of 5 rooms, bath, basement;
ctablc; let 30x117:0 to rear street.
A BARGAIN— $42^0: CORNER LOT. 2
FLATS. LOT 25x114; l*i CUPPER ST.
SEE CWKER ON PREMISES.
BARGAIN — Two handsome new residences of
<i rooms end bath: sunr.y. modern and up to
date in every particular: Nos. '.W> and 068
C-Urtcn et., near Golden Gate Park; rrleo
f'jr'io and $5*00. Apply R. V. CRANSTON
& EONS. 114 Montgomery st.
$1500 — 2 NEW fiats of 4 and 5 r. and b; Army,
near Mission: will pay 20 per cent on Invest-
ment. D. COFFIN & CO., 3303 Mission.
BUILD on your unlmcroved realty: we loan
fulj coet improv. and part lot at 0 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
FOR sale — House 8 rms. : high basement; sunny
fide K»th, bet. Valencia and Mission; no reas.
effer rcfus-ed. Stephens & Co.. L*n!on-s<j. Mkt.
MARKET and Dolores — 75x80 feet, unim-
proved. Fee owner'* e!gn on premises.
TO LEASE — GPr.rr,al farm. 1OO acres. In Con-
tra Cotta. Co. Rox 37. Lafayette. Cal.
IlISAIi ESTATC— Country— For Sale.
£ ACRES land, adjoining Union Park. Colraa:
fenced hedres around land: good house:
chlcken-bousrp. water: reasonable; chickens',
duclc.-. R. S. THORNTON. 410 Examiner bid.
FRUIT ranrh 22 acres; full bearing ; lm-
rrovement*: Vi prunes, '4 apricots, >i
peaches; tre^s 10 years old.. For particu-
lars. A. J. McCOY. Campbell. Cal.
ALFALFA lan<5f, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards- inspected bargains: monthly cata-
irgvU B-nt free. C. M. WOOSTER CO., MS
Market 5t.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent*— The Weekly Call.
1C pnc««. In wrarT"'". for mailing. $1 per year.
POINT KICHMOVn KEAL ESTATE.
WATER front lots and bargains: all tracts;
mapF. photoe. etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
DIVIDEND XOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE — Ir;d. Ked Men's Hall
An*. At the last regular meeting of the
Board cf Directors Dividend No. 42, of SGc
per tbare. was declared payable on Sept. 25.
1003 at 8 p. m.. Rc-d Men> Hall. 510 Bush
rt. Stockholders must present their shares or
dividend* will not bo uaM.
CHAS. SCHLESKCGER, Pres.
C. G. BOLSIXjRFF. Secy.
DIVIDEND Notice.— Mercantile Trust Company
of San Francisco— Dividend No. 2 of three
dollar* per share will be payable at the of-
fice of the corporation, 2.J6 Bush St., Ean
FranclBCO, Octcber J. 1903; transfer books
will close September 23, 19O3.
JOHN 1>. MoKEE. Secretary.
PIIO1O«ALS.
EAN FRANCISCO. Cal., Sept. 22, 1903.—
Sealed proi>osals, In triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. ra., October 2.
1I»O3 and then ooened for construction of
store building and cable tank building at
Presidio of San FrancUco. Cal. Government
r»»«erveB right to reject or accept any Or all
bids In whole or In p«.rt. Information fur-
nlEh«d on application to WM. S. PATTEN.
Asst Quartermaster General, Chief Q. M.
PALMISTRY.
MME. DEVAS — Scientific palmist and astrolo-
glct. Palm readings $1. Hours 10 to 12 and
1 to 6. aad Tuesday evenings. 139 Post at
H. JEROME FOSELLI scientific palmist. Sll
Taylor et.. near Geary. Phone Black 661.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING}.
MELBOURNE Scho^^'Van^NeBS-Market^Cwe
In every csjse; Individual teaching; no medl'
cine. Inquire Into wonderful cures ; home cure.
MABRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Bertram N. Edwards, 23, S12B Larkin street,
and Caroline A. Hanson 27, city.
William H. Tripp, 31. Stockton, and Isabella
Hennessey, 28, 3024 Twenty-fifth street.
Chauncey W. Blake, 33, Redding, and Eva F.
Wilson. 30. Vallejo.
Edward Meyer, 34, city, and Matilda Stahl,
32, city.
George W. Sweeney, 23, 513 Folsom street,
and Carmellta Walsh, IS, 1028 Bush street.
Harry A. Bickford, 25, Omaha, Neb., and
Blarche S. Glllilahd, 19, St Joseph, Mo.
George W. Cummins, 23, 1323 California
street, and Nettle Savage, 23, Marshfield, Or.
William R. OsBOod, 21, Oakland, and Almee
I. Droast. 21. city. : *
BIRTHS— MARBIABES— DEATHS
Birth, marriace and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication ofilcea and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
YOUNG — At Manila. P. I., August 2, 1903, to
the wife- of Rennie D. Young, a son.
MARRIED.
BROWN— TRIMMER— In this city. September
10. 1903, by the Rev. T. R. Earl, Charles
Henry Brown to Marie Trimmer, both of this
city.
RODGERS— HEIM— In this city, September 10,
1003, by Rev. W. H. Althouse. G. A. Rodgers
of Sanger, Cal., to Edith Helm, formerly of
Terra Haute, Ind.
POND — KLINK — At Livingston Manor, New
York, Richard Grlswold Sill Pond of New
York to Mary Emily Kllnk of San Francisco.
~~ DIED. ~~"
Alsing, Hanah C. Love, Laura
Brewer. Theodore Martin, Anna E.
Ionian, John »icAuliffe, F. P.
Carey, Donald Nelson, Elmer
Clayton, W. K. Ransom, Elisha
Castner. George M. Sere, Mary Ann
Dover. James Lee Thompkins, Joseph
Donovan, Daniel Willis, John D.
Davis, Lucy Jane Walsh, Patrick
Ehret, Albert Wrede, Charles J.
ALSING — In this city, September 22, 1003.
Hanah C. beloved daughter of A. N. and H.
C. Alsing, sister of Hazel and Amos Alsing,
a native of San Francisco, aged. 21 days. .
BREWER — In the City and County Hospital.
September 21, 1903, Theodore Brewer, aged
59 years, a native of Holland.
CONLAN— In this city. September 21, 1903,
John Conlan, a native of Ireland, aged 58
years.
CAREY— In this city, September 20, 1903, Don-
ald Carey, a native of Ireland, aged 83 years.
CLAYTON— In Huntington. Ind., September 19,
19C3. W. K. Clayton, father of Mrs. E. C.
Humphreys, aged 73 years and 1 months.
(Marysville papers please copy.)
CASTNER— In this city. September 22. 1003,
George M., beloved husband of Minne D.
Castner and father of Berton M. Castner, a
native of New Jersey, aged 41 years.
DOVER— In San Pablo, September 22, 1903,
James Lee, youngest son of H. P. and Hat-
tie Dover, a native of Bakersfield. Cal., aged
1 year and 2 months.
DONOVAN — In Stockton, Cal., September 22,
1003, Daniel, dearly beloved husband of
Bridget Donovan and loving father of Timo-
thy Donovan, Mrs. J. McCarty, Mrs. T. King
and the late Michael and John Donovan, a
native of County Cork, Ireland, aged 60 years.
DAVIS — In this city, September 22, 1903, Lucy
Jane, beloved wife of George Davis and
mother of Ida M. and Aaron W. Davis, Mrs.
Emma L. Lease and Georglna Davis and
Mrs. F. C. Evans, a native of Warren,
Maine, aged Cl years 4 months and 6 days.
EHRET— In this city. September 21, 1003, Al-
bert Ehret, dearly beloved husband of Eliza-
beth Ehret and father of Mrs. M. Restler,
Mrs. V. Sltora, Mrs. August Rose and
Charles, Albert Jr. and Joseph Ehret, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 66 years 11 months
and 9 days.
[C7"Frlen<ls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, at St. Vin-
cent's Church, Vallejo, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul. Remains at the parlor of the Gantner
& Guntz Undertaking Company, 1209 Mission
street, between Eighth and Ninth, until 2
p. m., September '1M, thence by Steamer Gen-
eral Frisble at 3:15 p: m. Interment Vallejo
Cemetery.
LOVE— In this city, September 22. 1903, Laura,
beloved and youngest daughter of Robert C.
and Hortens Love und Bister of Clarence, Rob-
ert and Lucille Love, a native of San Fran-
cltco, aged 23 days.
MARTIN — In this city, September 22, 1903,
Mrs. Anna E. Martin, beloved daughter of
Mrs. Martha A. Ockey, sister of Henry
L. Ockey and niece of Bessie L. Malsom, a
native of Ohio.
McAULIFFE— In this city, September 20, 1903,
Florence P.. beloved son of the late Patrick
B. and Johanna McAuliffe, and loving broth-
er of John, Daniel, Annie and Joseph Mc-
Auliffe, Mrs. J. Collopy, Mrs. E. Franklin
and Mrs. A. Stolper, a native of Virginia
City, Nev.
IC^FrlendH and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 0:15 a. m.. from the residence
cf his sister, Mrs. J. Collopy. 4107 Seven-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mtr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone Eouth SO. • . ¦
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers.——.
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple,
Now at SU«i MISSION. Tel. South 167.
Between Fourth and Fifth. Near Fifth at.
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
I James McGinn. . Henry Hansen
JAMES McGINN & CO.,
Formerly With McGinn Bros.,
Funeral Directors and Embalmers
214 Eddy St.; Tel. South 576.
S ' "AN OLD SALT." |
8 Tree Art Picture With Next g
8 SUNDAY'S CALL. |
£ U
O "An Old Salt," by the Belgian S
8 artist, A. Boudry, Is not only an >•£
8 example of vigorous and skillful S
w brush work, but a fine bit of char- Q
« acter study. The type portrayed Is «
X one of those old men of the sea, bluff o
S and sturdy, hardened by rude la- S
g bor, danger, and exposure to the jQ
Q elements: They are apt to be curt M
~ of speech and often so taciturn 8
8 that the appellation "a sad sea «
« dog" is fittingly bestowed upon >*
g them. In most of them, however, ft
<^ there Is generally concealed be- o
£$ neath their rough exterior a large Jj;
S heart and often a vein of humor, 8
p* which only requires an occasion to 8
8 be brought out. *
« The effect of wear and exposure
S to variable weather upon the gar- SS
S ments of those who toil on the sea, o
JO or in the fields, is to destroy their Q
S color and bring various colors Into 8
8 a harmony of neutral tones .which &
8 is nearly always picturesque and 8
g agreeable to the eye. The broken Q
'A and subdued colors of this picture Q
j§ are well suited to its subject, and S
o the artist has cleverly compensated §'
8 for their lack of brilliancy by a Q
S vigorous effect of light and dark 8
S and the rich imparts of his paint- 8
S Ing. The last named quality is re- Q
» ¦ produced by the process employed
£; in making The Call art supple-
g ments with a . truthfulness unap- #
D proached by any other. One might 0.
Q readily imagine at a first glance O
8 that the rough surface of the can- §
is vas had been reproduced by em- 3
g bossing. 8
« A. Boudry Is a native of Belgium «
q and has his studio In Antwerp. He #
Q has made a specialty of picture «
# which have for their subjects Q
S scenes and types of people "of the S
8 sea, . His -work Is highly appreciat- S
S ed In his own country, J where he S
£f has received many honors, and his w
$ reputation and the sale of his work «
« in America are steadily Increasing. 8
o Train news agents and all news- S
« dealers sell THE . CALL. Price 6~S
8 cents. »
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATES.
JUST WHAT TOU ARE LOOKING FOR.
A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
Surrounded by flowers and fruit trees; near
train and schools; only $2850; lot 76x125.
Nice C-room cottage and bath.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANT,
Tel. Grand 1416. 1500 Park et., Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
nEnKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$2300— XEW 8-room house; Adeline station.
$>r>r>0 — New 6-room cottace near Grove st.
*.:»i00 — New 7-room house; North Berkeley-
$3000 — New 8-room house; Shattuck ave.
S3350 — New 6-room house; near Telegraph.
*3T.<)0 — New 8-room house; North Berkeley.
$8000— House of 2 flats and cottage; Invest-
ment property.
E. E. NEWTON. 2131 Center st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 aEOADWAY.
OAKLAA'D FCIlMTURffi FOB SA^5;
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furnl-
ture. H. Schellhaas. 11th Et..cor.store.Oaklnd.
IIOO3IS FOR "°U SEK |j|E^£^5;
ANTLERS. 415 Turk B t. — Strictly modern: 4-5
room apartments; fur. *or unfur. for hskpg.
! Elegantly furnished suite or single; gas and :
tath; near Park Panhandle. Box 1770. Call.
! GEARY, 878 — Very large sunny front room,
with kitchen. $25; sunny back suite. $15.
HERBERT (The) apartments for
housekeeping; gas ranges; Just cewly fur-
nished. 1530 Polk st.
MISSION, 1221. near Eighth— Two sanny con-
necting housekeeping: rooms; $H); no children.
PINE, 1901* — Furnished and unfurnished, sunny
housekeeping suites of 2 or 3 rooms.
I POST, 102S— In modern flat, 203 rooms, house-
keeplcg privileges, from 310 up.
6T. JAMES. McAllister and Laguna — Fur-
nished tunny eulte. with separate sunny
kitchen; gas range; all complete for house-
keeping; $15 up^
STB\"EXSOX, 425 — Well furnished room, grate
and -closet; for 2; use of kitchen; rent $10.
THE Gilleeple. 119 Ninth Bt. — Nicely furnished
rooms. $1 50 to $3 per week; phone; quiet.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
j A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia et.
I'. hums TO LET— Forn. and Infora.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. ?1 Ii5 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping .rooms; open all night.
| AT '-The Almonte," S73 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth eL)— Rooms. 25c, 60c. $1. $1 SO night;
$1 60 to $10 week; house open all night.
BURNETT, 1420 Market— (old No. 1364) — Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
| GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 60o
: to $1 60 night; $2 to $3 week; reading-room.
i HOTEL GRATSTONE
60 Geary St.: phone Bush S80.
Centrally located fireproof hotel; elegantly
furnished suites, with baths and singles.
j JESSIE, .">«3. E. of U. S. Mint— Furnished
front rooms; $5 per month.
MONTGOMERY, 131 — Newly fur. Funny double
rooms; gentlemen; mo. 8, week $2, day 50c.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rT«ms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day. week, mo.
ROYAL House, 120 Ellis — Incandescent lights.
readinB-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lcr; rooms uer nleht, 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $S; month, $3 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hct and cold water; baths.
ST. JAMES, McAllister and Laerana— Front
funr.y rooms; all new; very cheap; telephone
Page 5751.
THC FALMOUTII. IO49a Market Et. ; furnished
rooms; hot and cold water; elevator; central.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy St.. near Market—
400 single and family rooms; 35c to $1 night;
$1 75 to $C week; elevator; electric lights;
reading-room; free bus and baggage. ,
WEB5TEH, 50 — Klegantly furnished front par- ''
lor STiite of rooms; all conveniences; private
family; for 2 gentlemen cr man and wife.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d st.. n?a~Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 60 night: $2 to $8 week: elevator:
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch of flee, 2200 Fillmore et.
A BRANCH office, for Call advertisements and
subscriptions, has been established at 1096
Valencia ft.
ROOMS AXD BPARD. •
S^V^N^CoT^ialnTionT^oT^alif^rnnrTt^Xr-
tractive and sightly rooms; best table and
service; lowest rates.
VAN NESS ave., 1714 — Private boarding-house,
home like, everything first class; sunny
suites; single rooms; choice locality; ref.
S WASHINGTON, 1402— Nicely furnished room,
with or without board.
SUNNY front Fultes with board. 615 Taylor st.
A V.'EEK'S nev.-s for 5 centr — The Weekly Call.
1C> pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year
United States or Canada one year for $L
PHY6ICIAKB AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Offlce and residence.
1021 hi Market St., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. HALL, 1073^ Market et
REMOVED— DR. WpNG HIM. herb doctor;
treats all diseases cf the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at CO" Geary St.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CUT, successor to Dr. LI Po
Tai. herb doctor: cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and tea*. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor— All dis-
eares cured by Chinese herbs. 740-8 Clay st.
SPECIAL. XOTICES. ~
THE annual meeting of the lot owners of the
Odd Fellows" Cemetery will be held on Mon-
day, September 2S, 1903, at 2 p. m., at the
offlce of the association. Point Lobos ave.,
for the election of four trustees, etc. By '
ordrr of the board of trustees.
WILLIAM E. LUTZ, President.
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secretary.
NOTICE Is hereby given that th« Transfer
Books for the transfer of stock of The Bank
of California will be closed September 15,
1003, at 3 o'clock p. m.. and will reopen on
Friday. October 2. 1903. By order of the
Board ot Directors.
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
September 3. 1003.
DR. A. E. NEUMEISTER, Surgeon— Special
attention given to medical and surgical dis-
eases cf women, diseases of the liver, stom-
a'-h and bowels. 513-14 Starr King bldg ,
181 Geary Bt.; tel. Private Exchange 216.
PENKIO.V attorney; M. HARRIS, 40 Ellis Bt.,
San Francisco: 14 years' experience.
CHEAPFST and beet In America— The Weekly
Call, 10 pages, gent ta any address in the
T'nUr^ nr r-apr.^a on* year for SI.
SPECIALISTS^ ~
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 w-ek's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter st
SEWING 3IACHINES AXD SUPPLIES
MEW HOME sewing machine, this week only,
$10. |1S. f20; slightly used: needles 20c doz.
NEW HOME S M. CO., 1051 Market st.
STORAGE A\D WAHEHOCSE9.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard St.. near Third; phone Grant 16L
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co of.
flee Post and Powell sts.; tei. Priv. Ex. '671.
CONKLIN'S storage— Furniture and merchan-
dlfre. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 128.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 840
Mission st. ; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st; phone Jackson 28L
EEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
et.; tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AMD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BAEGALNTlN IWEWRITERS^wi
cell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. &3G California; telephone Main 2C6.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars. L. &. M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gomery st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inepec. Co.', 003 Market.
tenth street, thence . to the Church of the
Most Holy Redeemer, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
fouI, commencing at 9:30 a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. , .
NELSON— In this city. September 21. 1003. El-
mer, beloved Bon of the late Jacob and An-
nie Nelson and brother of Oliver and Anker
M. Nelson and Mra Martha M. Woods, a na-
tive of Chicago, 111., aged 28 years 2 months
and 20 days. • ¦ " i ¦
E^Friends and acquaintances -are respect- ,
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Wednesday), September 23, 1903, at
1:30 o'clock, from the chapel of Charles H.
J. Trumari & Co.. 1909 Mission • street, be- i
tween Fifteenth and Sixteenth. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery by carriage.
RANSOM— In this city. September 21, 1003,
Elisha Ransom, husband of Mary W. "Ran-
¦ som, and father of Marlon, Tom W., Robert
C, Guy W. and Muriel Ransom, a native of
New York, aged 70 years.
ETFuneral private.
SERE— In this city, September 21, 1903.. Mary
Ann, beloved daughter of Kate and' the late
John Sere and sister of Joseph H. and Jennie
M. Sere, a native Of ¦ San ¦ Francisco, Cal.,
aged 6 years 8 months and 13 days. • •¦
(C3"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the mother's
residence, 440 Paris street, between Persia
and Russia.
THOMPKINS — In this city, September'22, 1903.
Joseph Thompklns, dearly beloved husband of
Katherin Thompklns, beloved father of
George H. Milton J., Everett C, Clarence
W., Mamie T. and Evelyn M. Thompklns, a
native of New Caynon, Conn., aged 70 years
2 months and 22 days.
(C7"Notice of funeral hereafter.
WILLIS — In San Leandro. September 22, 1903,
John D.. beloved husband of Loulle Willis
and brother of Mrs. Charles Ogburn, Mrs.
Robert Peterson and Robert Willis, a native
of San Francisco, aged 3S years and 6 months.
E3"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Wednesday), September 23, 1903, at 2
o'clock, from Robert Morgan's undertaking
parlors, San Leandro. Interment Evergreen
Cemetery.
WREDE— In this city, September 21. 1903,
Charles J. Wrede, beloved son of the late
Dledrich and Anna Wrede, and brother of
Mrs. A. Kiernan. Mrs. K. Scott and Henry
Wrede. a native of San Francisco, aged 40
years.
ICTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers, 866 Mission street,
between Fourth and Fifth. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery. •
WALSH— In this city, September 22, Patrick,
dearly beloved father of Mary T., Margaret
M. and Richard J. Walsh, a native of County-
Cork, Ireland, aged 65 years.
IL^Krleiids are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Thursday), at 9
a. m., from his late residence, 1920 Stelner
street, between Bush and Pine, thence to St.
Dominic's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9:30 a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
CARD OF THANKS.
To our many friends and California Harbor
No. 15, who extended their kindness and 8ym-
pathy in our .late bereavement, we herewith
beg to extend our heartfelt thanks and ap-
preciation.
MRS. ANNIE DA VIES AND FAMILY.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
..-.¦¦-¦ ¦ V— ,, ¦¦¦-
\s€\Q AjSv Steamers leave San Fran-
/Q5-- 5c -<HrfV Cisco as follows:
fKrX— . XtffV For Ketchikan, "Wrangel.
Ad/ vS^Sa \-*\ Juneau, Halnes. Skagway.
1 I \»Jc*^V I I etc - Alaska — 11 a. m.. Sept.
I \ VWa^V ./ 18. 23. 2S. Oct 3. . Change
Wiv \\ /PI t0 company's steamers at
>«^ILi^y Eeattle.
>> gAlSrVj>^ For Victoria, Vancouver,
Port Towneend. Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett. Whatcom— 11 a. m.. Sept. IS.
23. 23. Oct. 3. Change at Seattle to. this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at
Seattle for Tacoma to N P. Ry. : at Vancou-
ver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:30
p. m.. Sept. 19. 25. Oct. 1; Corona, 1:30 p. m..
Sept. 22. 2S. Oct. 4. —..*'.
For Los Angeles (via Port Loa Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa, Sundays. Oam.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Crux Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos Port Harford (San
Luis Obispo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 9 a in., Sept. 22. 30, Oct. 8.
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. Sept. 18, 26 Oct. 4.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Joee del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pa*. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Hex.), 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing dates.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
Freight office. 10 Market street
C. D. DUNAXN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market street. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
"Columbia" calls Sept. 20 30 Oct 10 20
30. "George W. Elder" sails Sept. '25 'OctI
6. 15. 25. Only steamship line to PORTLAND
OR., and short rail line from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to all points,
all rail or steamship and rail at LOWEST
: RATES. Steamer tickets include berth and
meats. Steamer sails foot of Spear st. at 11
a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen Agt. Pan. Dept 1
Montgomery st. • C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt. Frt.
Dept.. 3 Montgomery st. •
I IMPORTANT! I
I Change of Sailing Date, g
I S.S. ST^PAUL, I
I For Nome and St Michael 8
5 WILL SAIL ON S
I THURSDAY, September 248
3 * 2 P. M. g
q Instead of 29th inst.. as previously S
Q advertised. **
© NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO.. O
0 645 Market st.,- San FrancUco. ©
eoec®oeooeoc®ooooooe*»o
oeeanies.s.co.?SM
DIRECT UM to TAHITI
S. S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. Sept. 26,11 a.m
S. S. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday, Oct. 8. 2 p. m
S. S. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti. Oct. 26. 11 a m
Al. SPHEMELS & BSOS.es.. ilflts.. TIc»s:'office.843 EartatB
rrtsit8ffic8.328 BarlulSt.Pjsrla. 7.PadSc«.
KOSMOS LINE.
SPLENDID S. S. LUXOR 6500 TON3
Carrying First and Second Class Passengers.
Balls Sept. --1. 1'ju::. toe London and Hambuig
via Mexican. Central and South American ports.
Lowest Fares. Unequaled Service.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agent*
643 Market St., San Francisco.
COMPAGNIE SENERALE TKAN8ATLAHTIQUB.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -,<»»_,
PaiHnc every Thursday, instea.i of */£. (T^^
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. wraHW'
North River, foot of Morton st.
First-class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond-class to Havre, $45 and upward. GEN-
| ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
1 CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
! New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
1 Agents. 6 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAXLWAT TTwAVEL.
j CALIFORNIA
I LIMITED TO CHICAGO
K leases Mondays and Thursday* at 9 30 a.m.
E Tbrou ghlnSdayswith Diner* and all trapplcg*.
Our other trains ;o at
1 7:30iM 1 for Stockton, Fresno,
! I I:30am y Bakersfield. Merced,
I 8:00pm) Hanford, Vlsalia.
I 4:00PM for Stockton.
j I 8:CC?M for Kansas City aad Chicaro.
M Office. 641 Market St., and In Ferry
y * Depot; 1112 Broadway, Oakland.
j.J Trains leave Market Strut Firry.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE -
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
EAILWAY COMPAITT.
TibTiron Perry, root or Market St.
SAN rRANCISCO TO SAN BAFAEI..
\yEEK DAYS— 7:30, 8:00, 9:00. .11:00 a. A.;
12:35, 2:30, 3:40. 5:10. 5:50. 6:30 and 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 7:30. 8:UO. 9:30, ll:0O a. m.; 1:30.
2:30, 3:40. 5:10, 6:30. 11:30 p. m.
SAN BAPAEL 7O SAN FBA2TCZSCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 6:50, 7:35. 7:50. 9:20.
11:15 a. m.; 12:50, '2:00, 3:40, 5:00, 6:20.
6:25 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 6:50. 7:35, 9:20. 11:15 a. m. ; 1:43,
3:40. 4:50. 8:0O. 5:20, 6:10, 6:25 p. -m.
•Except Saturdays.
Leave I In Effect J Arrive
Ean Francisco.! May 3. 1903. [San Francisco.
Week I Sun- J Destina- I Sun- I Week
Days. |>days. [ tion. ] daya. | Days.
7:30 a 7:45 a 7:43 a
7:30a 8:0Oa 8:40a 8:40a
8:00a 0:30a Ignaclo. 10:20a 10:20a
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 p
6:10p 5:10p 6:20p 7:25p
7:25 p
7:30a 7:30a 7:45 al 7:43a
8:0Oa 8:00 a Novato, ' 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30p 9 3Oa Petaluma, 6:20 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:23 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa.
7:30 a 7:30a 10:20a 10:20a
8:00a 8:00a Fulton. 7:25p 6:20p
2:30 p 2:30 p 7:25 p
I Windsor.
7:30 a 7:30 a] Healdsburgr. 10:20 a 10:20 a
I Lytton,
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyserville, 7:25 p 7:23 p
Cloverdale.
7:30al 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 all0:20 a
2:30p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:25 p| 7:25 p
7:3Oa| 7:30a| WUUta. | 7:25 p| 7:25~p
8:00 al 8:00 al Camp Vacation. 110:20 a|10-20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Guemeville. J 7:25 p| 0:20 p
8:00a|-8K)0 a| • Sonoma, I 8:40a! 8:40a
5:10 p| 5:10 p| Glen Ellen. | 6:00 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 7:30 al 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 pj 2:30 p| Sebastopol. | 7:25 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae .for San
Quentin; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers, Buoneville and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs.
Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Pomo
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside. Lierly's,
Bucknell's.'Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville, Orr's
Hot Springs. Halfway House. Comptche. Camp
btevens. Hopkins, Mendoctno City, Fort Bragg
"Westport, Usal: at Willits for Fort Bragg'
Westport, Sherwood. Cahto. Covello. Layton-
vllle. Cummings. Bell's Springs. Harris. Ol-
sen's. Dyer, Garbervllle, Pepperwood, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafa?l at half-rates.
Ticket office. C5O Market street, Chronlcls
building.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
' . j . Gen. Manager. . Gen. Pass. Agt. >THREE WELL KNOWN] .RABBIS • WHO DELIVERED SERMONS
AT THEIR RESPECTIVE, TEMPLES DURING THE CELEBRATION
OF THE ROSH HOSHANA YESTERDAY MORNING.
Mrs. J. F. Wade, wife of the general
commanding the Division of the Philip
pines; Mrs. F. Moore, wife of the briga
dier general of that name, and Mrs. G. L.
Dyer, daughter of Admiral Taylor, will
rail for Manila on the transport Sherman
October 1. The vessel will also carry 800
enlisted men of various organizations and
nineteen officers of the Engineer Corps.
"Will Sail for Manila.
Is almost constantly irritated by wind
ar.d mineral-laden dust; inflammation,
redness, itching and burning, followed by
granulated eyelids, are the results
M URINE EYE REMEDY Rives quick re
lief. Doesn't smart; soothes eve pain;
makes weak eyes strong. Your druggist
cr optician sells Marine at 50 cents. •
The San Francisco Eye
Assessor Dodge said yesterday what if
the Supreme Court should reaffirm its de
cision on an appeal that the State Board
of Equalization has the power to assess
Btreet railroads operating In two counties
it will result in lowering the assessment
loll of this city and county by $1,500,000.
VV'hen the decision was first announced
the Board of Equalization immediately
distributed the assessment of the United
Railroads so that the assessment of San
Maico County was raised by 51,500,000 and
a corresponding decrease was made in
this clty'B assessment.
If the decision !s reaffirmed it will mean
a loss of approximately $15,000 in taxes
*hlch were to have been collected by
this city on that portion of the assess
ment of the United Railroads which was
transferred to San Mateo County. The
municipal budget will therefore show a
deficit of about 1 13.000 in the appropria
tions which will have to be made up in
other ways.
Auditor Harry J. Baehr yesterday put
a force of clerks to work carrying out
the taxes on the assessment rolls at the
rate of £4.4 cents fixed by the Board of
Supervisors on the increased valuation
made by the State Board of Equalization.
The combined rate for city and State pur
poses is $1,405 on every $100 assessed val
uation. Under the City Attorney's opinion
mandamus proceedings will be brought
to compel Baehr to'ngure the assessment
for city purposes at the rate of $1,076,
edopted by the Supervisors in June last.
In this way the legality of the revised
rate 'will be decided by the Supreme
Court and the disputed point settled.
Assessed Valuation Is
Decreased by Sum
of $1,500,000.
CITY'S REVENUE
MAY BE REDUCED
Reduced rates on household goods to A from
tb« East tt South. Eekin's. 11 Montgomery. •
' NEW YORK, Sept. 22.— The following
Calif ornians are In New York: San Fran
cisco—Mrs. Baldwin, at the Grand Union;
Miss M. Bennett, at the Kensington; W.
A. Day, at the Herald Square; W. A.
Fry. Mrs. Loughborough, at the Grand
Union: H. J. Maginnlty, J. W. McDer
mott, E. W. Waterhouse, at the Herald
Square; L. F. Blackburn, at the Gllsey
House; C. J. Forest, at the Hotel Na
varre; J. Hutaff, C. Las t€ Pis, M. Rosen
helm, at the Hoffman House; Miss Cohen,
at the Winsonla; B. F. Taylor, at the
Rossmore.
Sacramento— Mrs. Elsenhardt, at the
Kensington.
Los Angeles— T. W. Botherton, at the
St. Denis; N. F. Wilshlre,' at the New
Amsterdam; J. Humphreys, at' the St.
Denis.
Calif ornians in New York.
• In the meantime Richards was not idle.
His 'counsel, Bert Schleslnger, prosecuted
an appeal from the Alaska court to the
United States Circuit i Court of Appeals
in_this city. The case was argued In July,
and'yesterday the "court "sustained the ap
peal and reversed judgment . upon ths
ground of . the Insufficiency, of evidence.
Only last week' Richards received a fa
vorable decision from j the Department of
'Justice at Washington, the Attorney Gen
eral'declining-to remove him. Richards
having been . successful now threatens to
sue two leading mining companies for
damages for conspiracy.
The decision of the United States Cir
cuit Court of Appeals in the case of the
United States vs. Frank H. Richards,
United States Marshal, closes one of "the
most stubborn and bitter cases for the
removal of a public officer that ever has
been waged, in .the United States courts.
.'.Richards as: Marshal of, the Nome Dis
trict, Alaska. Incurred the enmity of some
of the large mining corporations and, .it
is alleged .by him, 'they conspired together
to effect his "removal. He was arrested
upon' a .charge of -packing a Jury In an
important criminal case in Alaska, tried
and found guilty. . His opponents sent a
certified • copy of the record containing
over a thousand pages j of- typewritten
matter to the -Department of Justice and
'demanded his removal. -
Obtains Decision in the
Federal Court of
Appeals.
RICHARDS BERTS
HIS OPPONENTS
Lundy pays the highest price for loose
diamonds. 4 3d st and '(62 Market st. •
John J. Clancy, the three year old son
of John J. Clancy, a driver for a transfer
company, who resides at 11 Shipley street,
had the right side of his skull badly frac
tured yesterday by the rear wheel of a
four-horse truck running over him at the
crossing of Fourth and Folsom streets.
The team belongs to the Rode Draying
Company and was driven by David
Meyers, who was arrested and charged
with battery. The little boy was about
to steal a ride on the truck when he
slipped and fell. '.., The injury may not
prove fatal. B. Marks, a lad who re
sides at 116 Fulton street, was knocked
down by. a baker's wagon at-; Van- Ness
and Ash avenues, receiving several slight
wounds on the head and body.
Boys Injured by r Vehicles.
this country and taken to China when a
child. . ;;
Either an "uncle" or a "cousin would
testify that he had known the applicant
as a child in this country and had seen
him in recent years' in China. Unless the
Federal courts could catch the witnesses
in false testimony the evidence had to be
accepted.
Many cases are on record where the
Chinese claiming to be native born
Americans have requested the courts to
be remanded. It is believed that these
acts were only part of a plot to secure
th<\» admission of young Chinese and al
low the substitution of aged Mongolians
who desired to go back to China and do
so at the expense of others.
In the search for evidence against the
ring Secret Service Agent. Burns and his
associates are confronted with
difficulties.
HIGHER GAME SOUGHT.
The cunning of the Chinese is well
known; but tho investigating officials do
not think that the plot of substitution
was hatched simply by Chinese aided by
the three deputy shenffs and the deputy
marshal who killed himself.
Higher game is being sought and no
steps will be left unturned to implicate
all the parties to the crime of fraud and
bring, them to the bar of Justice.
A certain coterie of attorneys has
waxed rich by handling the cases of the
Chinese who, denied 'landing, seek the
relief of the Federal courts.
Chinese interpreters can be seen con
stantly visiting the offices of these attor
neys, and It would not? be surprising 1 if
the Federal «lragmet caaght some of the
attorneys who constantly figure as repre
sentatives of Chinese clients.
Two Federal officials jre known to have
maintained very friendly relations with
Tom Yung, the Chinese arrested in con
nection with the substitution frauds. One
of the substituted Chirese confessed that
Tom Yung gave him $35 to serve as one
of the substitutes.
SUSPECT OTHER DEPUTIES.
Secret Service Agent Burns Is looking
closely Into the record and habits of
some of the deputy .sheriffs who served on
the night watch at the County Jail.
The accused deputy sheriffs, Burnett,
Dasha and Dempsey, acted as the night
\7atch for two weeks at a time and then
would do duty In the daytime.
Dempsey. one of the accused deputy
sheriffs, has declared that others were the
'Teal grafters" and that when the time
comes he will talk. Demnsey is not doing
much talking since his release on bail ami
his session before the United States
Grand Jury Is thought to have resulted
in something more than a mere confes
sion of his impllca*ion In the substitution
frauds.
Burnett ancl DafhaVare keeping very
quiet ir.«*« will not talk about their cam*.
It. Is thought In certain circles that the
accused deputy sheriff? will assist the au
thorise-* In rourding w every party to
the frauds nn«i itciely necure lmmanlty
froni runlsliment.
For that reason the Federal officials are
loth to discuss the case, fearing that some
of those suspected of the frauds may
make their escape.
Japanese Woman Eemanded.
United States District Judge de Haven
yesterday denied the application of Tone
Takagi for a writ of habeas corpus. Mrs.
Takagl, a Japanese, arrived on the Ching
Wo on September 12 with' a little daugh
ter. The girl was afflicted with a conta
gious disease of the eyes and was denied
a landing for that reason. The mother
also was denied a landing for the reason
that as guardian of ner daughter it was
her duty to accompany her back to
Japan.
Workmen's Anniversary.
Excelsior Lodge of the Ancient Order of
United Workmen will celebrate the twen
ty-seventh anniversary of its Institution
In Excelsior Hall this evening with, a
number of social features. During the
evening the audience will be addressed by
Past Supreme Master Workman William
At the services at the Bush street tem
ple this morning Rabbi Myers will preach
on "The Shofar." There will also be some
fine music by the synagogue's choir.
The services at the Geary street temple
were also of a very Impressive character.
At the morning services the sermon was
preached by Rabbi Levy. The large syn
agogue was crowded. As In the other
places of worship the music was one of
the most noteworthy features.
¦ Rabbi Nieto occupied the pulpit at the
Taylor street synagogue during the morn-
Ing services yesterday. His sermon was
an interesting one and was listened to
by ' a large assemblage. ' '
Rabbi Israel preached at the new syn
agogue before a large congregation. A
pretty feature of the services was the
singing of the boys' choir under the di
rection of Mr. Samuelson. It rendered
many sweet sacred hymns.
boys; choir sings.
Rabbi" Myers* text was "The Grand
Army."' His sermon was -a most instruc
tive one" and he spoke at length on the
feast that 'was at present being celebrated
and. paid high tribute to the character
of .the- Jewish- race. The cnoir rendered
special music. . .
Rabbi Myers, tMe pastor of the Bush
street synagogue, • occupied the pulpit at
the services yesterday "morning. The
large edifice was 1 crowded to the doors
by. a 1 vast army of worshfpers who had
come from all, parts of the. city to at
tend, the services. '.
A feature of the services at the Temple
Emanu-El was the beautiful music reni
dered by the choir. Ferdinand Stark, the
well known conductor, had charge of the
music. Many- new-voices were added to
the regular choir and the music rendered
was as fine as has been neard in any
church throughout the city for a long
time.
AT TEMPLE EMANU-EL.
for ages has. been held sacred by the
tfews. /
At the morning services of the Temple
Emanu-El the pastor. Rabbi Voorsanger,
occupied the pulpit. The theme of tht
Rabbi was "The Story of a Psalm." He
spoke feelingly and eloquently. He held
.his listeners for over an hour with his
eloquent discourse and made many allu
sions to the work of the Jewish race for
centuries past.
Railroad Loses Damage Suit.
The Supreme Court . decided yesterday
that Maggie and Loretta Dyas were en
titled to $6000 damages from the Southern
Pacific Company for the death of the hus
band and father at the Third and Town
send streets depot five years ago. It was
declared that the defendant corporation
was negligent. The same department of
the court decided a damage suit against
the same company Monday and the de
fendant's attorneys were the same in both
cases.
Five million enveloses printed for on<« cus
tomer. Thi» tells of our capacity. Mysell-Rol
11ns. 22 Clay, are well known. •
Warne Wilson and by Grand Master
'Workman F. W. Browning, who T»ill ex
plain the latest ideas In regard to the new
plan the Grand Lodge of the State will
act upon at its special session to-morrow.
Within the past few days three promi
nent members of the California Promotion
Committee have tendered their resigna
tions to the associations that appointed
them to ' serve on the committee. These
are W. H. .Mills and Arthur R, Briggs,
who were appointed by the State Board
of Trade, and Charles Bundschu, who
represented the Merchants' Association
in the promotion committee. Mr. Mills
said that the reason for his with
drawal was personal. Mr. Bundschu
admitted that friction had something to
do with his resignation, but that pressing
business of his , own was more of a
factor. /
The finance committee of the promotion
committee consisted of three members.
Two of the members were Bundschu,
who was the chairman, and Briggs. For
some time it has been noised about that
there has been a great deal of friction
in the promotion committee. Recently
the situation, within , the offices became
somewhat acute. Rtffus P. Jennings, the
executive officer, and Mr. Hess, the secre
tary, had words.
The friction to which Mr. Bundschu al
luded to in his case probably had to do
with a recent interview with Mr. Jen
nings. Mr. Bundschu had communicated
with Mr. Hess, who is the secretary of
the committee. Mr. Jennings considered
that Mr. Bundschu should have brought
the matter to him first as the executive
officer. Mr. Bundschu resented any dic
tation. His resignation is in the hands of
President Symmes of the Merchants', As
sociation. , He. has ..served seventeen
months gratuitously.
Quite recently the finance committee
sought the services of an expert to have
a report macte concerning the. expendi
tures of the moneys that had been re
ceived. Mr. Bundschu declares that no
irregularities were discovered. The epi
sode occasioned ! interest on the part of
the members of the executive committee,
who have the general supervision of af
fairs.
Some criticism has been made bymem
bers of the committee concerning the
use to which the money contributed
by merchants has been devoted. The
fixed monthly expense of maintaining the
headquarters on New Montgomery street
is stated to be about $1300. The rent takes
up $150 of this and postage and current
expenses $450 more. The remainder of the
$1300 is reported to be expended for
salaries, which amounts to about 5700 per
month in round figures.
The committee printed the speeches of
President Roosevelt In California at a
cost of about $5000. It hasv^also issued
publications costing various sums. Some
of the books have been sold and some re
main on hand. The sum of something
like $7000 was expended for advertising
California in Eastern publications. Such
publication has been discontinued for
some months. Several thousand dollars
have been contributed by the committee
to organizations representing the interior
counties of the State to help them in
making their resources known to the
world.
No appointments have yet been made
by the State Board of Trade or the Mer
chants' Association to fill the vacancies
occasioned by the resignations of. Messrs.
Bundschu, Briggs and Mills.
Joins Theatrical Company.
Eva.Cournler, the young girl who was
arrested on 'complaint of her father be
cause she was working in a dance hall
at -406 Dupont street, told Police Judge
Fritz yesterday that she had procured
an enffagement In a theatrical company
and would no longer be seen at the dance
hall. On that understanding the , T udge
allowed her to go.
In- all cases where the writs of habeas
corpus have been sought the applica
tions were for Chinese denied landing
by the Chinese Bureau. The invariable
custom of the few white attorneys who
appeared in the cases was to ¦ secure the
writ on the ground that the applicant
was a native born American and illegally
deprived of his liberty by the^tgents of
the steamship companies.
The- same evidence would be presented
in every case, so-called "fathers" and
"uncles" being produced to testify that
the applicant for admission was born in
From January 1, 1900, up to the present
time the number of applications of
Chinese for writs of habeas corpus
amounted to 815, of which number 314
failed to gain admission to this country.
ABE PAI.PABLE FEATOS.
In 1898 the number of Chinese denied
landing by the Chinese Bureau and who
sought writs of habeas corpus reached
the total of 271 and the courts ordered
ninety-five of this number deported.
In 1899 the applications for writs ; of
habeas corpus were 136 and of this num
ber sixty-three were remanded for de
portation to China.
In 1S97 thirty-eight native born Ameri
cans sought the relief of the writ of
habeas corpus and sixteen failed to gain
admission to America and were ordered
deported.
In 1896 there were thirty-five applica
tions of alleged ..native bprn Americans
and three were denied admission to tbls
country. j
The records of , the United States Dis
trict Court show that there has been a
large increase in recent years in the num
ber of applications for writs of habeas
corpus for Chinese denied landing by the
Chinese Bureau. Since January 1, 1890, up
to date, the number of applications for
writs of habeas corpus amount to 1395.
All of these applications were made on
the ground that the Chinese denied land
ing were native born Americans. Of the
number of cases mentioned and passed
upon by the Federal courts 491 were
ordered deported and 904 were given per
mission to land.
An air of mystery pervaded the Federal
building yesterday and neither United
States District Attorney Woodworth nor
United States Marshal Shine was willing
to vouchsafe any information. The two
officials contended that all the white men
implicated in the fraud had been discov
ered and that it might be possible that
some Chinese might be arrested for being
implicated in the substitution of old
Chinese for young ones.
Secret Service Agent Burns is not con
sulting Woodworth or Shine as. to his
next" move. • The Government sleuth is
quietly going about his work and for that
reason an air of uncertainty exists in the
Federal building.
APPLICATIONS INCREASE.
That a ring exists for the Illegal land
ing of Chinese is the theory on which
Secret Service Agent William J. Burns
Is working and the possibility of arrests
of Federal officials and others '-in connec
tion with the recent expose of substitu
tion of Chinese ordered deported is ex
pected to take place at any time.
Those who are conversant with the
methods employed by the Chinese to se
cure the Illegal landing of their country
men ridicule the statements that only four
white men were implicated in the sub
stitution of Chinese ordered deported, the
expose of which led to the arrest of
Deputy Sheriffs Burnett, Dasha and
Dempsey and the suicide of Deputy
United States Marshal William P. Gam
ble.
Secret Service Agent Works
Quietly and Causes Feel
ing of Uncertainty.
Notify Organizations They
Represent of Their De
termination.
special services were held and
beautiful music, prepared especially for
the occasion, was rendered. Jewish peo
ple in all walks of life observed the day
with prayer and the synagogues were
crowded with ardent worshipers.
The feast of the Rosh Hoshana Is one
of the most Important In the Jewish cal
endar and its advent is observed by the
Hebrews throughout the world. It marks
the beginning of the year 5664 B. C, and
THROUGHOUT the city the sacred
Jewish feast of Rosh Hoshana was
celebrated with solemn services
yesterday. At all the synagogues
Bundschu, Bnggs and
Mills Decide to
V Withdraw.
Expose of Fraud May-
Lead to Important
Arrests.
MEMBERS RESIGN
FROM COMMITTEE
OFFICIALS FEAR
BURNS' CAMPAIGN
THE SAN FB ANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 23, 1903.
Interesting Sermons Are Delivered by Rabbis at the Various Tem
ples Throughout San Francisco and Selected Choirs Render
Music Prepared Especially for the Annual Hebrew Festivities
CITY'S SYNAGOGUES CROWDED
WITH ARDENT WORSHIPERS
14
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
During the past wesk we have received
,_ large shipments for this department, and are
now showing a most complete assortment of
cloths for fall wear in the hest makes and
newest colorings. .
7Rn Yfl f 52-Inch LADIES 1 CLOTH, In
I JU I Ui ¦ Mixsd Graus, Navu, Cardinal
• and Seal.
<ti (111 Yd f 48-Inch BROADCLOTH, in
OliUU I Ui- about 18 different' shades j
I also Black.
en Vrl r 50-Inch AMAZON CLOTH,
OIiJU Illi- in all the new shades for
- fall ; also Black.
a | yr Yrl f 50-Inch BROADCLOTH, in
Oh I J I Ui Creams, Champagne and
.Pearl Grau-
OOnnVrl f 50-Inch AMAZON CLOTH,
OZiUU Illi- in 25 different shades i also
r Black, 1 a veru suDeriotfinish.
oo nnvri r56-incfi extra heavy
OZiUU I Ui 4 BROADCLOTH, in Blues,
I Tans, Browns and Reds^
0 0 nn Yd f 56-Inch ENGLISH VENE-
OOiUU IUh tians, latest shades of Bluss,
I Tans, Greens and Purple.
We will also show an elegant line of Golf Skirting,
HeaYU Tweeds, camels' Hair, Covert Clotnsand Beayersj
also CorcLurou and SM-flnishei Velvet Cords.
NOTE- In ordering samples of aboye goods pleasa
state aualltu and color required.
v n 1992. f "wi tfj ~*
I ill, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREEf.
SSNXSS^ 8 ulc -. kly u and . effe ctlvely In alt cases of Nervous Headache, 8lck
o ea , d 5f he u lumbago, Sea-Sickness, Car-Sickness, Irritability,
-$C$$$$^ Periodic, Bearing-down and Ovarian Pains.
r - h 1 1 Z ery Pi^ ful that X h , ave found such a Perfect remedy
J^sSSSS: f?r headache.^ I had a sunstroke while in the army, and ever
since have suffered greaty from headache and biliousness. The
C$$$C$v\ only thing that ever gave ma any relief is Dr. Miles' Anti-Pain
Pills, which I have used with satisfactory results for a number
; :SS$SSNS$ of years."— M. S. BALLARD. 98 Catlina Ave.. Pasadena. Calif!
I $$$$^$ , J' 1 h»y,e lxenuently used Dr. Miles' Anti-Pain Pills for Neu-
I^sSSSSKS; ralgia. and they invariably give speedy relief. Also in travelinr
sSSNNN>>N . am never without them to prevent drowsiness and headache "¦—
E. L. SANFORD, Mgr. Etna Springs Hotel. Etna Springs, Calif.
§N§$$SS "Two years ago I had a severe attack of La Grippe, and was
vsSSSSSSS; under the doctor's care for five days without any relief. Then I
SSSSSSNSj bought a box of Dr. Miles' Anti-Pain Pills, and five Pain Pills
JKSSSSSSSS cured me. A short time ago I had another attack, but thanks
to the Pain PJlls I was soon cured, taking only three of thm
PVyiymri lYVl Pills."— JOHN N. PUBTTEMAN, Glendale. Ore. *
x$$0O$O\: Neuralgia, Rheumatism, Sciatica, Backache, La Grippe, Pain In
Stomach, Ague Pains, Indigestion, Dizziness, Nervousness and
SSSSSSSS Sleeplessness. V i; --¦*¦-
"Once, and often twice a week, for years I have had spells
SNSSSVsV 1 of dull, heavy pains 'across the forehead accompanied with
SSoosSNSS pains in heart, arm and shoulders. I find Dr. Miles' Antl-Paln
v^svnnvc Pills verv- beneficial, one tablet usually being sufficient to stop
the pain."— MRf LEONA ELDER. Wbeatland. Calif.
oo$ooo$iv "I- 'could not get along without Dr. Miles' Antl-Paln PlUs.
" They give me almost instant relief from almost any pain.
' SSxvNXsx I give. them to all of the children, even the baby, and we feel
xvvx^v^v no bad effects afterwards, as one does from most medicines."—
>: H §$$C$$$^ MBS. IBA ALLEN. 208 Indiana Ave.. Riverside. Calif.
snnSnSV^ : , •.."'.
u !nSS>>SSXV Dr. Miles' Antl-Paln Pills are sold by all druggists, 25 cents a
TCvX^KSNSNSx^. box under a positive guarantee that the first oox well benefit
irrn^\>yrvvi or money refunded. , * ¦
The Genuine Dr. Miles' Remedies are never sold at Cut Prices.
ADVEETISEjUENTS.
I A FRESH SKIN 0
For half a century Heiskell's Olntaent If
has been used by careful mothers every- I,
where for purifying and preserving tho m
skin In beauty. Hetskell'a Ointment BE
cures red, rough skin. Pimples. Blotches, il
Burns, Scalds, Tetter. Erysipelas. Salt H
Rheum. Scald Head. Itch. Ringworm. Ej
Ulcers, Sore Nose, Sore Eyelids. jTj
HEISKELL'S H
Ointment 0
I cools all Irritation: makes the sk!n beau- B
tlfully fair and smooth. | Heiskell's Soap M
and Heiskell's Ointment make a complete id
treatment and sur« cure for any skin B
trouble. At druggists', soap. 23c; oin'.- H
ment. 60c Send for book of testi- H
msnlals. H
JOHNSTON. HOLLOWAY A CO. i
p^ ll °5 Cl| P hl °- mmt (T
I "King of c3 Bottled Beers." ,
I Brewed from Bohemian Hops. i
§ SOLO eVECVWHERE. '
B HIL.BEKT MERCANTILE CO.. '
«8 Pacific Coast Ag«nts. , I
DR.PIERCES
MEDICAL
FOR THE
GB 1RB^% Ammunition. Hunting aril
9 i»\S %. SportinB Goodj. LarsjB*:
S H flw stock. Lowest crlct*. a*oi
BtJ U ¦ a ' or catalogue.
%0 I « %» SHREVE £ BARBZR CO..
'¦'¦'¦> Market st. and ili
W>arny st.
1 1 SEALSKIN
1 JACKETS
S $125/3150. $175.5200
§ =$225, $250=
I $275,$300,$325,$350.
« fit/ ft Sealskin Jackets are mod-
Ej " e'ed with the artist's eye for
H beauty end made with the prac-
jj thai furrier's skill for durability.
S" Every garment is adapted to the
requirements . of the Individual
figure with a. irrace and correctness'
of outline and detail that Is un-
rtvakd.
K~j^^Bsoni^— -PEB ¦¦¦. i. ,„«