VOLUME XCIV— NO. 83.
DELEGATES OF GRAND ARMY TERMINATE ANNUAL CONVENTION
AND THOUSANDS OF VETERANS GATHER AT EVENING CAMPFIRE
FRANCISCO, Aug. 21, 1903. — To Gen era! John B. Gordon, Com-
mander in Chief, United Confederate Veterans, Tullahoma, Tenn.:
The encampment having adjourned I submitted your message to the
council of administration and am directed to acknowledge it, and say,
as I do, that they fully accept its fraternal and American spirit God
bless our land. JOHN C. BLACK.
CHIEF OF UWOW SOLDIERS OF CIVIL W AR. REPLIES.
Scene in Mechanics' Pavilion Last Night During the Campfire Held by Veterans of the War of Rebellion.
"If I were to tell what thought is upper
most In my mind It would be an expres-
COMMANDER IS INSTALLED.
General John C. Black was Installed as
commander In chief, and on taking the
oath of office, spoke as follows:
were full of patriotic fire, and
whenever some distinguished speaker
struck the keynote the cheering was en
thusiastic. No time was wasted by the
delegates in getting down to business.
As .on the previous day the session was
executive. Soldiers from Lincoln Post
acted as a guard of honor and no one
iwas allowed to enter the Grand Opera
house unless he possessed the counter
sign.
THE thirty-seventh national
encampment of the Grand
Army of the Republic came to
a close yesterday amid great
enthusiasm. The delegates
sion of my profound thanks and a state
ment of the feeling of the great obligation
resting upon me. - What I have vowed in
your presence I hope I may have tho
strength and knowledge to perform, and
I join in the petition of old, "Not for
riches, not for power, but /for me your
representative and for you/ my comrades,
that knowledge which passeth under
standing.' j I am not here to preach you
any [ homily. • I am not here In the pres
ence of divines and lawyers and Judges
and soldiers, whose names have been.in
written with history to urge unseemingly
devotion to the interest. of, our order, but
with every one of us let it be remembered
that as we walk In and out through the
paths; of life- the eyea of other citizens
are upon us, the eyes of our children are
turned toward us, and they will judge In
NEWLY ELECTED OFFICIALS TAKE
OATHS OF OFFICE.
The Commissioners in regard to Inter
national organizations say that If Parlia
ment would declare that, notwithstanding
everything in the rules of the interna
tional bodies, an agreement between an
employer and his employes would be bind
ing, the most formidable objection to
these bodies would be removed. The re
port recommended that organizations in
Canada which are controlled by the "de
cm cf a street council" at Denver should
be declared illegal.
The report shows that the Western Fed
eration, in connection with the strike at
Union, was ready to organize the Japan
ese and Chinese laborers, and that the
chief did not respect his oath as It should
have been respected in giving evidence
before the commission.
The commission's report shows that at
tempts were made to tie up the Canadian
Pacific Railway steamship service and to
ttop the supply of coal and bring about
a gigantic boycott In connection with all
products which In any way might affect
the Canadian Paclnc Railway.
DID NOT BESPECT EIS OATH.
The report says that the coal miners'
strike at Ladysmith was caused by an
intrigue whereby the Western Federation
of Mirers, in an effort to assist the
Brotherhood of Railway Employes on the
Canadian Pacific Railway, sought to tie
up the Dunsmuir mining properties on
Vancouver Island, which were at the time
supplying the Canadian Pacific Railway
with coal.
FINDINGS OF C0M2SISSI0N.
The commission which brought in these
findings to-day was composed of Chief
Justice Hunter of the Supreme Court of
British Columbia and Rev. Elliott S.
Howe, a prominent labor orator of West
ern Canada. A vast amount of evidence
has been taken during the last two
months, the object of the commission be-
Ir.g to determine the causes of labor
troubles on the coast.
Last March the United Brotherhood of
Railway Employes declared a strike
against the railway company and a thou
sand men quit work. President Estes
came up from San Francisco to conduct
the fight. The strike lasted with varying
success for a couple of months, since
•which time most of the men have gone
Lack to work. Before the men returned
to work evidence of the commission was
taken and to the surprise of every one the
Canadian Paclnc Railway Company pro
duced private letters of the brotherhood,
instructions from President Estes written
to Canadian officials of- the order and
other document* of the organization.
Where this Information was obtained was
a. mystery until to-day, when the Govern
ment report was issued.
VANCOUVER, B. C*. Aug. a.— That
Harold W. Poore of Winnipeg, organizer
tor the United Brotherhood of Railway
Employes for the Dominion of Canada,
traitorously sold union secrets to the Can
adian Pacific Railway the strike
against the company, is 'the principal rind
ing of a. royal commission on labor which
has been sitting recently in Vancouver.
The report cf the Governor General, made
public to-day, declares that not only did
the Canadian organizer sell information
to the railway company during the Etrike,
but while head of the fifteen hundred
members of the union organization in the
Dominion he was at the came time act
ing as one of the company's secret service
officials.
Another sensational feature of the re
port is a wholesale condemnation of the
eystem of international unionism. The
Commissioners call upon the Government
to declare illegal such unions as shall
receive controlling orders from citfes in
the United States, and specially mention
the American Labor Union, the "Western
Federation of Miners and the United
Brotherhood of Railway Employes as be
longing to the class of secret political or
ganizations objectionable to the Govern
ment of Canada,
Special Dtepatch to The Call.
Suggests That Individuals
Be Made Responsible
to Employers.
Calls Upon Canadian
Government for Re
medial Laws.
Denounces System
of International
Bodies.
ROYAL BOARD
DEALS BLOW
TO UNIONISM
UNCLE SAM'S
IRE TURNS
CHINAWARD
Government Orders
. Inquiry Into
Indemnity.
Financial Experts to
Probe Suspected
Frauds.
Shortage in Payments to
United States Reaches
Thousands.
rrj- -— y -r^ ITH the setting of the
|I Jja -/¦ sun this evening the
H /| / thirty-seventh encamp-
Kr Wr ment of the Grand Army
Y w ;O? the Republic willter
' minate. . *
Yesterday was full of delight for the
veterans and th,elr friends, for thousands
enjoyed Jh^s hospitality; of Oakland and
other cities across the bay, while as many
visited the nearby famous resorts of Cali
fornia. V ,y - - "¦/," ...
Tho delegates of the Grand" Army;en
campment finished 'their! business and' the
event passed,- into history.
The Woman's Relief Corps having
ended Its business ¦ on Thursday, spent
yesterday.' visiting the . various; .State
- Much enthusiasm was displayed. Owing
to I '. the . constant chatter fully \ three
fourths of those present failed to hear
the speakers. " The Golden Gate' Park
band, under the direction of Paul Stem
dorff, rendered patriotic melodies. .
' ' itors occupied seats in the
gallery and watched the novel scene that
was enacted on the main floor of the im
mense structure. More than 100 tables
stretched across the main floor, and on
each side of these sat the old soldiers,
enjoying hardtack and drinking out of
tincups, as In war days. Tin .plates
heaped high with beans," pickles and cof
fee were the. camp luxuries that the vet
erans enjoyed. Clay . pipes , and tobacco
were beside - every soldier's plate.
¦ rt IVE : thousand veterans at
£/-^^ tended the campflre in Me
ffl chanics' Pavilion \ last even
& '¦: * | n g. Twice as many more
ML residents of this city and vis-
ENCAMPMENT
DRAWS TO
CLOSE.
General William R. Shafter
Given an Ovation.
Erecial Dispatch to Tho Call.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 21.— A rigid inves
tigation of the whole system of the pay
ment of Chinese Indemnity to the powers
will be undertaken at once by the United
States Government.
Fearing that this country Is not getting
Its just dues, the Stats Department haa
requested the loan of two financial ex
perts from the Treasury Department Sec
retary Shaw, who himself is engaged In
a serious controversy with the Interna
tional Banking Corporation of New York,
which is the American fiscal agent la
China, has decided to place William P;
Armstrong of the office of Auditor for tha
State Department, and Joseph S. McCoy.
Treasury Department actuary, at the dis
posal of the Secretary of State.
These men will go to China within the
next few weeks and Inquire into every de
tail of the methods by which the annual
and semi-annual amortization and Inter
est installments of the Boxer indemnity
fund are paid and handled by the Inter
national Banking Commission at Shang
hai.
BITTER TIGHT . ON.
The Treasury Department and the In
ternational Banking Corporation are ar
rayed against each other on the question
of a rate of exchange of the indemnity
payment made on July 1, 1902, for a period
from July 1 to December 31. 19CL The In
ternational Banking Commission at
Shanghai, whose duty it is to receive the
indemnity Installments from the Chinese
Government, and the American member
of which is James S. Fearon, decided that
the rate of exchange should be 58*4 cents
per haikwan tael. The standard of pay
ment of the indemnity is the haikwan
tael.
The Treasury Department holds that
this was an arbitrary and unauthoritatlve
action on the part of the International
Banking Commission, especially In view
of the fact that the rate of exchange
quoted in London and in New York and
In the statement of the Treasurer of the
United States of July 1, 1902, was $0.5658155
per haikwan tael. The Treasury Depart
ment computed the indemnity payments
on the basis of the latter rate of ex
change.
SHORTAGE IN PAYMENT.
The United States bond with the Inter
national Banking Corporation provides
that this corporation shall collect the In
demnity payments and deposit them in
the sub-treasury at New York, receiving
for this service one-half of 1 per cent of
all moneys handled. The International
Banking Corporation accepted payment
on the rate of exchange fixed by the In
ternational Banking Commission and
therefore It proffered to the United States
the sum of $11,526 07 less than that which
the Treasury Department computed was
due the United States.
Secretary Shaw Is convinced that the
action of Ihe International Banking Com
mission at Shanghai Is illegal. The de
partment proposes that the International
Banking Corporation shall make good this
shortage.
Great Britain and Japan. It Is under
stood on the highest authority, are dis
satisfied with the action of the Interna
tional Banking Commission in fixing tho
rate of exchange lower than that prevail
ing in those two countries and the United
States. That they have decided on inves
tigations similar to that proposed by th«
United States is practically certain.
Continued on Page 4, Column 1.
GUTHRIE, O. T., Aug. 21.— Miss Lena
Dick, a popular young lady of WHbuxton,
'I T., was! shot through the heart by an
unknown assassin this evening, who made
his escape. She was sitting in the door
way when tho assassin thrust the gun
nearly 'against her back and discharged It.
Unknown Murderer Places a. Gun
at Her Back and Dis
charges It.
POPTJXAR YOUNG WOMAN"
SLAIN BY AN ASSASSIN
Seatsd at the first table were General
¦William R. Shafter, commander - of the
Department of California and Nevada;
General John C. Black, the new com
mander In chief cf the Grand Army of
the Republic; General Thomas J. Stew
art, Pennsylvania, ex-cqmmander of tho
organization; General A. , J. Buckles;
Corporal Tanner, ex-Pension Commission
er; General George Stone, chairman of
the executive committee of the Grand
Army Encampment; Colonel A. Andrews;
General C. A. "Woodruff, U. S. A.; Colonel
John H. Ware of "George H. Thomas Post
No. 2, Colonel N. P. Chipman, Colonel A.
J.-VInlng, Colonel W. A. Jacobs, Vice
Commander Sturges. General Salomon,
Hon. A, Sbarboro and others.
When General Black entered the hall
he was recognized by his comrades, and
SHATTER IS CHEERED.
nrULLAHOMA, Tenn., Aug. 21, 1903.— To General John C: Black,
* Commander in Chief, Grand Army of the Republic, Sun Francisco,
Cal: My hearty congratulations to you and the country. Your elec
tion as commander means increased good will and closest American
v / /? fifl&DON
HEAD OF COWFEDE11ATE DETER JIMS SENDS GREETINGS.
Continued on Page 3, Column 2.
Continued on Page : 2, Column 4.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, AUGUST 22, 1903.
The San Francisco Callheadquarters or enjoying the side trips
outside of San Francisco.
The Ladies of the G.A. R. held a busi
ness session and elected as their national
president Mrs. Belinda S. Bailey, "who is
a well known Calif ornlan. " r
Receptions were given at the national
and State headauarters of the* Grand
-: - - ' . I :-¦/ .
CARTERSVILLE, Ga., Aug. 21.— A sur
gical operation ¦ performed on Major
Charles H. Smith ('/Bill Arp") to-day re^
vealed the presence .in . '.the gall bladder
of a double handful of gallstones^ "more
than 2000 in > number.' .; Smith was alive
but increasingly restless at a late hour.
"Bill Arp". Seriously 111.
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 21.— Fire broke out
in the Mount Tamalpals Military Acad
emy late this afternoon and It was with
great effort that .the local Fire Depart
ment, assisted by trje cadets, extinguished
the blaze. The fire started in a classroom
In the rear of the main dormitory. The
damage will not exceed X1000: fully cov
ered by insurance.
Fire in a Military Academy.
Continued From- Page- 1, Column 4.
Colonel George. W. Cook of the Denver
Military band Is delighted over the fact
that a valuable badge which he lost last
Monday at the Oakland mole was re
turned to him. yesterday. The badge was
picked up by W. H. McNab, a young, man
en route to Manila, who turned over the
article to his uncle, William E. Coombe.
of 105 Noe- Street. Coombe found Colonel
Cook* at- the -'.¦ California Hotel and'
returned* the badge "to him. «
Picked Up at Oakland Mole by W. H.
McNah and Returned to Owner.
COOK RECOVERS BADGE.
f^| AN JOSE, Aug. 21.— The visiting
ft Grand Army men will be given a
- jk royal reception to-morrow at the
hands of the citizens of Santa
Clara County. This evening every
thing is !n readiness to receive and enter
tain them. About 4000 are expected here
from San Francisco. The local Grand
Army posts. Woman's Relief Corps and
the Ladies of the Grand Army of the Re
public, aided by the citizens of the city
and county, will look after tho old sol
diers and see that they are entertained.
The excursion trains' from San Fran
cisco will be met at the depot by a recep
tion committee. Carriages are to be pro
vided and all those who wish will be
taken for a drive about the city and
suburbs. Transportation on the street
cars will also be furnished those who do
not go for a carriage ride.
A lunch will be given the visitors In St.
James Tark under the trees. . The place
has been handsomely decorated with flags
and bunting. Tables and chairs have
been provided to Mat 4000. The luncheon
will be elaborate and is being furnished
by the ladies. All kinds of delicacies will
be provided In plentiful supply. Five tons
of delicious fruit will be distributed
among the visitors. A band concert will
be rendered while the luncheon is being
served. Two hundred and fifty ladies are
to wait on the tables. Addresses will be
delivered.
Many of the business houses are deco
rated In honor of the event. The after
noon trains brought many visitors for
to-morrow.
was In continental costume, of "The
Sword of Bunker Hill." Dr. Dille £poke
to his comrades In arms. During his ad
dress the soldier-clergyman said: :'?¦
As I raw that proct-SFion on Wednesday and
to-day my eyes grew misty, for I saw not only
the brave veterans whu marched in broken
and decimated mnks, but between these lines
of halting, stooped, tray-haircd men I saw
other files of stalwart young fellows, caps
tipped back over clusterlnj? ourls. eyes shining
like the eagle's;- at their head they carried a
phantom fl&g and spectral colois.
These are the boys who never had a chance
to grow old — who fell in battle and Kained the
prize of immortal youth. These are the bo>s who
never came home — the btst of the world's best.
For them there Is no shadow of poverty, no
eray halt? nor falling strength; no care for the
present or fear for the future. The unfading
light of the morning is In their eyes and their
names are hallowed by a nation's tears.
On fame's eternal camping ground their
Silent tents are rpread, but they leave thnir
bivouac on the meadows of paradise on these
great days and keep step once more with their
old comrades to the music of fife and drum,
ilttA \\\.vm tfc* m«mArv Af naif* oomriulM vhn
TACOMA, Aug. 21.— Congressman Sulzer
of New York has returned from a trip to
Southeastern Alaska, where he inspected
an important mining property on Prince
of "Wales Island In which he became In
terested two years ago. He visited Ju
neau. Skagway and other towns, where
he was given a warm reception, as he Is
one of the foremost advocates in Con
gress of Alaska's need of and right to a
Territorial government. In an interview
Congressman Sulzer cays he is more than
ever impressed with the Importance of
Alaska's resources and the Justice of the
claim of her people for local self-govern
ment. He is determined therefore to ad
vance in every possible way legislation
in Alaska's behalf during the coming ses
sion of Congress. He points out that dur
ing the last fiscal year the revenues of
the Alaskan government exceeded the ex
penditures by nearly $300,000, proving that
Alaska's present " population can afford
the expenses of a Territorial government
if they desire. In his opinion the rapid
development of Alaska's Industries can
be best accomplished by placing the ad
ministration of her public affairs in the
hands of her own people, who thoroughly
understand the country's needs.
FAVORS A TEBBITOBIAI,
GOVEENMENT FOB ALASKA
Congressman Sulzer Says He Will
Endeavor to Advance Legisla
' tion in That Direction.
ENCAMPMENT DRAWS TO ~A CLOSE
The Ladles of the Grand Army took spe
cial charge of the luncheon, under. the di
rection of the members of Appomattox
Relief Corps No. 5. Among them were:
Mrs. Ada Brown, Mrs. A. Goodwin. Mrs. A.
McElroy, Mrs. Nellie Drake. Mrs. Abby Weeks,
Mrs. Kate Walker, Mrs. Bertha Prcacott,
Others were: Mrs. G. Bibber, Mrs. J. Brown,
Mj-s. Walter 'Fa wcett Mrs. J. Jordan, Mrs.
Eliza Shepherd, Mrs. Rose E.. I>orety, Mrs.
Annie A. Cannln, Mrs. Flora A. Morrlll. Mrs.
L. Shepherd. Mr». Sarah Farwell, Mrs. Dora
Waltz and Mrs. Mabel Sheahan.
Colonel Georee S. Babcock.
Haywards — Mayor Charles W. Heyer, A. S.
Jones. A. L.. Graham, P. Wllbert, John W.
McCoy.
Llvi-rrnore— O. Kennedy, Dr, S, L, Savage,
W. H. Wrlsrht.
San L#andro — Joseph Barberrla, II. F. Eber,
Socrates Huff.
Pleasanton— Frank Lewis.
FINANCE COMMITTEE.
Oakland — Mayor Warren Olney, Theodore
Gler, M. C. McMullen, John Brltton, J. D.
Hrnneberry. Charles L. Smith.
Han Leandro — L C Morebouse, J. N. Frank.
Berkeley— J. \v. Richards, H. B. Griffith, F.
W. Richardson.
- Washington Township*— C. F. Horner, Dr.
James Walshe, Rev. J. II. McCullough.
Haywardn — John McCoy, Charles W. Heyer.
San Lorenzo— Oove Roberts.
Alameda— Joseph Knowland, Major C. L.
TlldPn. Dr. T. Carpenter. *
Murray Township — Dr. S. L. Savage, W. A.
Wright. T. W, Harris.
Committee*' secretary, Edwin Steams".
LADIES SEBVE LUNCHEON.
The event of to-day will be the \;i4t of
the veterans to San Jose and the #inta
Clara Valley. Tho citizens of San Jose
iritend to make the occasion a memorable
one. Special trains will run from San
Francisco to the Garden City over the
broad and narrow gauge roads, carrying
the veterans and their rriends,
A luncheon to all comers will be served
in St. James Park in San Jose, and a
feature will be the distribution of five
tons of fruit to the g-uests. Free rides to
Alum Rock Park ai.d other adjacent
points v/ill be part of the San Jose hos
pitality.
Army. The Woman's Relief Corps and
the Ladies of the G. A. R. campflre at
the Mechanics' Pavilion attracted a large
attendance of veterans, and the /local
posts of the Grand Army provided boun
teous entertainment for the city's guests.
The night illuminations of the streets
and public buildings attracted many
sightseers, and the- corridors of all the
hotels were crowded *.s ever.
Berkeley— J. W. Richards, Captain J. T. Mor
rison, Friend \V. Richardson, H. B.. Griffith.
Alameda — Dr. T. Carpenter, Colonel' ft.--A.
rumu u.<». n t. Tildan. Joaauh JforiW-r
Oakland— Mayor Warren Olney, J.. W. Ev
ans W. S. Palmer. D. Edward Collins, Theo
dore Gier, J. C. Griffith, John A. Brltton, I.
A. Beretta. Charles L. Smith, James D. Henne
berry. H. D. Howe, J. Tyrrel. J. W. McCly
monds. ¦ "
OPEN HOUSE .IS KEPT.,
During the afternoon open house was
held among: the Grand Army organiza
tions of the city, and many guests ( were
thus entertained. v
The committees in. charge of the recep
tion to-day were as folio ws i . "•
.. EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE. " .
Oh. soldiers, who lit the clouds above Look
out Mountain, with the stars upon. your ban
ners: who were on that march from Atlanta
to where the Fea mingled with the roar 1 of the
jrreat Sherman's Buns; who were with Grant —
"greatest yet, with least preten.«e; great in
council, preat in war; foremost captain of his
time; rich In Favlnjr common sense, and, as
the greatest only are, in his simplicity sub
lime" — who saw l>0Kun. the Black Eagle of
Illinois, when his hair was black as the
raven's wing and his eye was full of lire; who
stood by Thomas, the Rock of Chlckamauga : —
yours are glorious memories and a glorious
record. Comrade*. 2.S00.C0O of u* enlisted;
there are 800,000 of us left; In 1910 there will
be 300; in 1!»45 probably not one.
And when the last roll of the Grand Army
shall be called, when taps sound for the last
time. If any man shall ask to see the monu
ment of the Grand Army of the Republic that
has been mustered out, he shall be told to look
around him upon the grandest, freest, most
glorious country the sun ever shone upon— >
and that Is the monument of the Grand Army!
Rut we are to honor to-day the veteran
who came home and who remains to thlH liaur
the greattet man that makes a shadow in the
sun.
never cams home. They are sleeping to-day In
the rice ¦warnps and the cotton fields. In the
palmetto ehade and where, the lone bayou laps
the cypress nwamp. May God grant that our
country shall never want for such nons — and
she never will while the momory of your deeds
shall feed the fires of patriotism. Your sons,
comrades, who stormed the hill of San Juan,
wl-.o Ixire the flag with Fuch honor amonjf the
jungles of I..uzon and to the gates of the For
blddfn City of Peking show that you. breed
true: that the men of to-day are as Rood
stuff as the men of yesterday, and tho men
of to-morrow, thank God, will be the same.
Heroes of Civil War Are Entertained With Free l(ides to
Berkeley, Alameda and Other Points.
PHOTOGRAPHS SHOWING SCENES IN CONNECTION WITH THE VISIT OF THE GRAND ARMY VETERANS
TO OAKLAND AND BERKELEY YESTERDAY WHEN THE OLD SOLDIERS WERE ROYALLY ENTER
TAINED BY THEIR COMRADES OF ALAMEDA COUNTY.
Five Tons of Fruit
Are Jieady for
Visitors.
Santa Clara day — Excursions
by special trains, broad and
narrow gauge, to San Jose and
return. Citizens entertain at
San Jose.
Closing receptions at the
various headquarters of the
State departments of the Grand
Army of the Republic, the
Woman's Belief Corps and the
Ladles of the G. A. R.; also by
the local posts of the Grand
Army.
Evening — Illuminations of
streets, public buildings and
triumphal arches.
Proceedings
To=Day Close
Encampment
SAN JOSE IS
DRESSED IN
GALA ATTIRE
ADDRESSES VETERANS.
William R. Davis said:
If It hadn't been for you, veterans of 'Cl,
Fo'-t Furr.trr would not row be a p»rt of our
::•¦.;• r.jl territory. If it hadn't besn for you
Aiipomatsox and the sacred sshe* of Gettys
burg would now be under another Government,
r.« part of tht« republic. If It hadn't been for
>oo a bottomless oleavajre would have rent the
Union along Mascn and Dixon's line, one frag
ment lying; north and th» other south. If it
laiJn't been for you r.lne millions of freemen
yonder would be bond instead of fre^— misery
unto themselves nnd a mlllctone to our brethren. •
It it hadn't been for you no American' nation
o: Mr.00O.00O Jiberty-lovlnc hearts would have
its h'lfne upon thl* continent with It* Incal
< liable wealth. re»lttle«» energy, indomitable
« nt r rprii=e and, best of all. lt« conFtellation of
rational lighthouse* — the free American public
Bcbools. If it hadn't been for you there would
ric> no Alaska oun*. no Porto Rico ours, no Ha
waii our*, no Philippines our» — no groin*. forth
of Columbia's face inionr the duller faces of
mankind. If It hadn't been for you the United
Ftate* of America, would not now be the name
of a creat power amont the powers of the
earth, nor the one name beet beloved In this
world by men wherever man 1* still oppressed.
SOLDIEB AND CLEEGYMAN.
After tee tinging by Alfred Wilkle, wh*
All i* chanred now ana the differences have
been wiped out and we vtand united. \V« now
weJcosM the GrarJ Army of the Hepubllc and
the latfie* to our State. Proud, Indeed, «r#
»e to welcome thos^e who remain as remnant*
of thct* who went to th" front in '€!. In the
rame of the people of California I weleorne yoj
i- ¦.-.-' ::i to California and bid you hull and fare
well.
Much arplause greeted Governor Pardee
as he appeared !n response to a call from
Mayor Olney. The Governor Bald:
lAtitv sjid Oentlonun of the Grand Army:
I rememljer well the time whin the gun was
f.rvt fired at Kort Runner and how it rever
l-ersted across our continent, arousing the
hoj>es, fears and t»mlmntl« of the people of
our Htate. I rcmnr>r how the boys in blue
marched with fife and drum, hastening to the
call of their country. I remember how tho
pCOQl* of our t-'tate responded to the call of
that rrM and great man. Abraham Lincoln.
I rw-rtntwr bow the fc'tate rose to the assist
ant i of the country In its hour of need.
I remember how f'allf.irnia wnt It* hundreds
and ! ) ¦¦ ¦ .->. p ;<¦ to help keep the rountry united
and how Alameda Oounty and our city of
"aUnii"! ro*e ur> as one man, one woman and
• Tie rblld In rendering every assistance in their
powtT. I rf'irjembtr the renr* following- the
fall fit Afpomattox and I romrmber how the
f-'tKt* rrjclecd. 1 remember how. a rhort time
later, the Ptate was draped in fcla/ k and
l;rvrnr<l when the news was received Of the
.-.--..-> . r .,• ¦¦ j. of PrffMfnt I-lnooln.
GOVEBNOR PARDEE SPEAKS.
Here the old soldier* feasted and were
entertained. Hundreds of young women
end members of the various auxiliary
women's organizations of the Grand
Army assisted at the tables. After lunch
eon the formal exercises in welcome were
h<ld at a etand rrected under the branches
of an enormous eucalyptus, about which
gathered the thousands of listener*.
OPENS THE EXERCISES.
Chairman J. W. Evans of the Alameda
County reception committee opened the
exercises with a brief introduction of
Mayor Olney, who Eaid:
Ccmradt* and Citizen*: Welcome to cur city
and county. We are glad to nave you visit
our State. TVe are glad to have you \-isit our
city. And to you who have journeyed across
cur broad country we extend to you an invita
tion to vlFit the other towns In our county.
To the m>rth we have the town of Berkeley,
where Is *itjaud the Prate University, train-
Ing our yr.ur.g; men and women. South of us
we have Alameda, a city with many beautiful
homo, and still farther «cuth Is Haywarus.
with it*- suburban residences anj fruit orchard*.
Afterward the throngs dispersed to
avail themselves of the many sightseeing
trips provided by the committee. Many
•went to the orchard districts about Hay
wards and San Leandro. Others were
taken to the Piedmont hills. Many hun
dreds visited Berkeley and the State Uni
versity, where special entertainment was
provided and friends took charge of hun
dreds more to see that their visitors thor
oughly enjoyed the day.
FIEST DETACHMENT ARRIVES.
The first detachment of veterans from
San Francisco left there at 9:30 o'clock
en the steamer Piedmont, 4000 of them be-
Ir.g landed an hour later at the foot of
Broadway. An overflow of 2000 or more
were taken en the regular trip of the
Iitrkeiey and detrained at Seventh street
and Broadway. Committees escorted the
throng by car to the corner of Nineteenth
street and Broadway, where a semblance
of procession was formed, headed by Gov
ernor Pardee. Mayor Olney. J. W. Evans,
chairman of the reception committee; Dr.
E. R. Dille and William R. Davis. As es
cort the members of Lyon Post, D. D.
Porter Post. Joe Hooker Post and Ap
pomattox Post marched with the visiting
veterans. Stirring music of war time
days frcm bands and fife and drum corps
enlivened the tramp to the Willows. '
Beneath the shady foliage of the trees
along the lake shore long rows of tables
• nd benches were set. Here were piled
in profusion all sorts of edibles, with lus
cious fruits in great variety and abun
dance.
and their families.
WELCOMED UNDER THE TREES.
Coder the willows along the banks of
placid Lake Merritt was made a ren
dezvous where gathered these thousands
in lunch and enjoy a fraternal concourse
for a brief hour or so. There Governor
George C. Pardee, himself an Oaklander;
Mayor Warren Olney. the city's chief
<x<:cutive and a member of the Grand
Army of the Republic; the Rev. E. R.
Dille. pastor of the First Methodist
Church, a veteran of the Civil War and a
¦wearer of the bronze button; Hon. Wil
liam EL Davis and other prominent men
of Alameda County gave welcome to the
county's guests.
OAKLAND, Aug. 21.— Ten thousand
veterans of the Grand Army of
the Republic, with their wives,
children and friends, were the
Kuests to-day of Alameda Coun
ty. The throngs of visitors rendezvoused
in Oakland, but after luncheon ppr-.'ad
out over the bay cities and suburban
towns as far as Haywards. They feasted
the inner man on luscious fruits and the
other senses were regaled with the mag
nificent weather, the beautiful scenery,
the parks and the drives, the splendid
vlFtas of ocean, bay and lake from the
hills, and, to the thousands of Eastern
strangers wiihin the county's gates, the
miles of orchards and rich farms were
loadstones of powerful attraction.
Ideal w?s the day from morning dew to
evtning dusk, when the last weary vet
eran, laden with fruits and flowers,
worded his way back to San Francisco,
a picture of contentment, even if a bit
tired for his day among the east side
cities.
The programme for the reception was
carried through perfectly, except that
some of the belated ones suffered a lit
tle inattention because the throng of visit
ors simply overwhelmed the reception
committee. From San Francisco came
not les-s than C000 people, most of them
veterans, while all of the county cities
and towns sent hundreds of old soldiers
Bountiful Lunch Is
Spread Under
the Trees.
Thousands Accept
the Trip Across
the Bay.
GOVERNOR
DELIVERS
ADDRESS
CITY OF OAKLAND GIVES VETERANS ROYAL WELCOME
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 22, 1903.
Itching. Blind. Bleeding or Protrudir.g pn*»
Tour druggist will refund your money if pi^ri
OIXTIIKST fails to cur« you. M I cental t»°
A Guaranteed Cure for Files.
ANGELS CAMP. Aug. 21.-The famous
old Utica mine has shut down the south
shaft from which so many millions have
been taken in the last sixteen years. Two
hundred men are thrown out. of work.
Famous Mine Closes Down.
Committee from University of California —
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler. Professor
Frank Sonle. Professor George C. Edwards and
Colonel Henry de H. Walte.
Citizens* committee — Thomas Rlckard. J. W.
Richard. F. W, Richardson. H. B. Griffith,
O A. Wanger. G. H. Chick. W. H. Waste.
M. R. W. Abbie, Francis Ferrter, F. L. Way
lor. W. C. Knowles. Clyde Abbott. R. C.
Staats,* Thomas* Dowd. Christian Hoff, Fred
W. Connor and N. L. Ryd?r.
The following committee of citizens was
In charge of the celebration, being as
sisted by members of Lookout Mountain
Post, G. A. R-:
The Rev. E. R. Dille and W. F. Henry,
past department commander of Missouri,
made short addresses. At the bidding of
Comrade Henry the audience sang the
chorus of "Glory. Glory. Hallelujah," the
solo being given by Mr. Henry. Tho
ireetlng closed with an invocation by Dr.
Dille.
An English poet has immortalized th> charge
at liaSak'avL. That was a great charge, but
it was a mistake. It was a blunder. They, wmt
to death and many rode to Immortality. But
can we match it? Come with me to Chancel
lorsvllle and I'll show you wh*»nr to save the
day Major Kiernan. a gallant officer, rode to
death In the face of 50<x> men commanded by
Stonewall Jackson. Contrast the charge on the
bridge at Antictam to the charge at th? bridge
of Lndi under NaDoleon and where will the
greatest slnry lie? Hut Napoleon held the
bridge at LodJ for personal aggrandizement;
the Union force to preserve the Union. '
GALLANT MAJOR KIERNAN.
And I want to say to the people- of Califor
nia, though It might hurt your feelings, that
you haven't surprised us a bit this time. We
know you now, you see. I want to say to tha
young men who have read and heard about us
this week that you must not think we are
spreading the eagle's wings too wide or making
him screech too loud. The men who fought ana
preserved this Union should be permitted to
¦peak of their achievements and make much
of them. Their country owes a vast debt of
gratitude to them. It Is not the cost of th»
war and the pensions that people should grum
ble over. The real cost of the war was in the
homes that were destroyed before they wera
built. In the sacrifice of life and limb. In the
broken families. How often did the.se thlnns
happen? How often after the war was the
bridal dre*» laid away because the bridegroom
lay In a soldier's grave?
Your president referred most beautifully and
tenderly to the women of the war and spoko
of what they had to endure. I don't aupposo
there la any of us that doesn't know what th©
women suffered, but their sufferings dM n>>t
all com* when the war went on — it was after
ward, when the husband and sons anil brothers
were killed and maimed, that they were dealt
the hardest blows. I have my own opinions
about women, and I want to »ay that I don't
believe and never will that God created womaa
to make her the subsUMAry attachment to man.
I didn't understand that this Institution was
co-educatlonal ; so I want to say to you younff
mea that you will never be abla to fully ma
triculate unless your education Is Increased by
association with young women — till you meet
one that will put her hand in yours and help
you to get a thorough education. Some of us
veterans were la California at the encampment
of 1886. I remember that wa» my twenty
ninth encampment, and I never will forget tha
hospitality ' the people showed us at that time.
I guess a good many more must have remem
bered it. for at the last encampment when tha
next meeting- place was decided the vote w»3
almost unanimous.
ACHIEVEMENTS OF THE WAE.
WELCOMED BY PBESTDEfTT.
President "Wheeler, on behalf of the uni
versity, said:
Welcome, welcome to all the veterans. And
Mr. Rlckard. we are clad to welcome you here,
too. Town and' eown, one and both, extend
hands to welcome t*ie vet?rana of the Civil
War. The university stands for the unity of
the State and the nation, for truth and order
and straightforwardness. We expect our stu
dents to be intelligent and at the same tim*
loyal, and these 'university exercises are de
signed for us . to consecrate ourselves to the
State and nation in the name of these men
who fought and feared not.
These boys and youne men slttin? here to
day can know nothing of these Civil War
times. But it was part of my education to sea
srmethinsr of them. I remember being lifted
on the shoulders of fon» kmdly person when
I vai a child In my Massachusetts home look
ing far down a long line of men, armed ami
accoutered, as they started toward the train
that was to take them to the front. I saw
them take up thelf guns, I heard their tramp,
tramp. I saw them disappear. I saw their
return. And month after month I >aw those
grim boxes come bark and heard the mournful
music as tney were being carried 'to the grave.
Those were days when war was a part of
religion. We were right and we knew we were
light. And the men who went to the front
did a great dee*. . And I want you boya hero
to D«J wanned by the oatrinttaxn ami self •«<:
riflce of those men, to show your patriotism
and to go to the sacrifice as these men did.
TANTTEB/S CHEEBIUG WORDS.
President "Wheeler introduced Corporal
Tanner as the speaker of the day. Cor
poral Tanner, as he walked to his place
at the speaker's desk, presented a living
example of patriotism and self-sacrifice.
He walked with the aid of cratches—
crutches that he has used for forty yeara
—for his legs were shot off by a cannon
ball at the battle of Bull Run. He said
in part;
This is one of the sweetest sights I have
gazed on for a long. Ions time. When your
reception committee searched me out and re
quested me to come here it was a hurried In
terview and I didn't grasp the significance nt
the occasion. But I understood that it wou!d
be a great pleasure to talk to the students of
the University of California and tell them
something about the great struggle, though, I
thought they must know as much about it as
we.
The patriotic exercises were held in
Harmon Gymnasium at 4 o'clock. la
this big hall an Immense crowd filled
every chair and a good part of the stand
ing space. The university "rooters" wer£
there with their boiler-factory lungs, ut
tering their college yells and singing their
familiar songs.
President "Wheeler, Corporal Tanner,
Thomas Rlckard, Dr. E. R. Dille, flanked
by others of the reception committees and
the veteran body, sat upon the platform.
The hall was simply decorated .with bas
kets of flowers and stringers of greens.
Just back of the chairman's seat waved
an American flag borne by a cadet cap
tain. Thomas Rlckard, chairman of tha
reception committee, introduced President
"Wheeler as chairman for the afternoon
and welcomed the veterans.
afternoon. As the visitors poured
into the college town from car and
train they were received by representa
tives of town and gown. They were
shown every point of Interest— the ofd
oaks, the college buildings, the new open
air Greek theater. Commissioned and
non-commissioned officers of the cadet
regiment under Colonel Henry de H.
Waite escorted and a committee of citi
zens looked after the other arrangements.
BERKELEY, Aug. 21.-The keys to
the gates of Berkeley and tha
University of California were
turned over to the veterans this
President Wheeler
Receives Old
Soldiers.
University Grounds
Present Gay
Scenes.
BERKELEY
ENJOYS A
HOLIDAY
2BERKELEY, • Aug. 21.-The annual
meeting of the Philosophical Union was
held this evening: at Hearst Hall. Profes
sor George H. Palmer of Harvard TJnlver
tity delH-erod the adress, his subject be
ing "The Heart of Ethics."
Professor Palmer Lectures.
BERKELEY. Aug. 2L-Frederick W.
Putnam, the eminent rxpert In anthro
pology, has accepted a call to become
head of the. department of anthropology
at the University of California. He has
been for a time directing the work in that
department.
Professor Putnam has lens: bpon at the
h^ad if the department of American
archaeology and ethnology and curator
of the Pea. body Museum at Harvard l"r!
vorslty and curator of thp anthropolojr
ical department In the American Museum
of Natural History in Now York. Ho uUi
take full charge at the University of Cali
fornia, his present assistants Ivinjj Alfred
L. Kro«bcr and Pliny E. Goddar;!.
The work will comprehend not only in
struction, but the collection of relics.
PROFESSOR PUTNAM
COMES TO BERKELEY
Mr. Commander an'l Comrades. I would be
glad to express precisely the emotions which
arise in me in consequence of Buch a cordial
greeting Such warmth, from such a body I
appreciate more than nny other compliment
which I could possibly receive, and such
warmth overwhelms, for the moment, my ca
pacity for concentration and co-ordination of
thought. You will therefore have to accept in
a spirit of generosity whatever I may be able
to say in return for thl« great privilege in this
inspiring presence. However, in the midst of
such surroundings one can never . be entirely
at a loss for something to eay, as no other
relation of friendship is so strong, so lasting.
as that which exists among American soldiers
and sailors. This great confidence, this mu
tual appreciation, does not arise entirely from
the fact that we have shared together tho
perils of fields and waves; it arises from the
etill stronger reach that it is from the Justice
of the cause rathfcr than from the successes
of our battles than American soldiers and sail
ors expect the honor of a triumph from their
fellow men. In thla connection I want to re
peat a remark that I have made on many oc
casions before less sympathetic audiences; the
remark is pregnant for the future as It has
been true In the past— that American guns
have never been fired In war without contrib
uting materially and substantially to the wel
fare and hopes of mankind.
This great republic has had a classical past
and is enjoying an unexampled present and is
undoubtedly to have a heroic future. There
fore, my comrades, in leaving thi« grand en
cunjpment let us all renew our devotions to
MACARTHUR IS CHEERED.
Major General Arthur MacArthur was
introduced by Mr. Buckley of Alabama
nn<l the famous soldier was received with
three hearty cheers. When the enthusi
asm had subsided General MacArthur
spoke ?.s follows: : 'f;.'"-
"Resolved. That we congratulate that
splendid soldier, exemplary commander
and patriotic citizen. General Nelson A.
Miles, upon his attainment of a distin
guished and honorable retlremf-nt after a
matchless record as a soldier of over
forty-two years' service, without Just
criticism of his official conduct, which be
gan as a lieutenant In the Twenty-second
Massachusetts Infantry, progressing by
the brightest grade' of heroic patriotism
from Manassas to Appomattox, during the
greatest of all civil wars from 1S61 to 1S65,
and illuminating this record by his great
military achievements as a successful
Indian fighter, and again as a gallant and
judicious military disciplinarian and or
ganizer."
GENERAL MILES LAUDED.
The members of the encampment rose
to their feet and remained standing for
several moments.
Under the head of resolutions a num
ber of important ones were adopted. The
following resolution i elating to Lieuten
ant General Xelson A. Miles was Intro
duced bj- Captain P. H. Coney of Kansas
and was adopted with cheers:
a measure the greatness of our cause by
our daily lives.
Comrades, this encampment has gone
to Its end. Let us In its closing hour de
vote one moment to the memory of our
mighty dead. I call on the encampment
to rise in honor of LJucoln, Grant, Sher
man, Meade. Hancock, McKinley and the
whole illustrious role of soldiers and offi
cers who in the great struggle represented
the idea that the Union must and should
live forever."
IThe delegates •¦ filed out and expressed
the hope of meeting each other in Bos
ton next year.
The following resolution was unani
mously adopted:
Resolved, That to the local posts' of the
G. A. R., to the Woman's Relief Corps, to the
Ladles of the G. A. R., to the various commit
tees on entertainment, to the city, government
and the' people of San Francisco, especially for
their elaborate . and unsurpassed decorations,
an well as to the posts, the Woman's Auxiliary
societies and the people of Oakland for their
magnificent • welcome and for their generous
and gracious hospitality; to the press of the
city for Its. full, stirring and vividly Illus
trated accounts of our proceedings, parade and
reunion; to the railways for their generous
courtesies and their great executive abilities
in securing our comfort and safety In journey
ing to and from the encampment, and td the
many thousands, who- by. Individual acts of
kindness have made our stay so delightful, and
to the Legislature of California for Its liberal
appropriation, we return our enthusiastic
thanks and assure them of our abiding grati
tude. All these united have made the thirty
seventh national encampment of the G.. A. R.
a. golden milestone m the history of the order
¦worthy of the Golden Gate, America's western
front door,' and of the ' traditional hospitality
of the great and, beautiful State of California,
THANKS CALIFORNIANS.
The commander in chief was Instructed
to 'appoint a committee of five to revise
the Blue Book.
A proposition to increase the member
ship of the encampment by admitting the
past adjutant general was defeated.
A resolution was adopted that a com
mittee be appointed to formulate plans
for the perpetuation of Memorial day in
the National ; Cemetery of the South, and
report to the next encampment. '
The recommendation of the Inspector
general to return to the old system of in
spection was ruled out of order as in
volving a change in the rules and reg
ulations'.
A vote of sympathy was passed for
Judge Henry C. Dibble, who was report
ed sick. '
A resolution was adopted recommending
the establishment of a soldiers' home at
Fort Sheridan, Idaho, in the State of
Florida and in the Territory of Oklahoma.
A resolution was adopted asking Con
gress to provide for a statue to General
Meade, to be erected in Washington.
D. C.
A resolution was adopted for the ap
pointment of a special committee to Inves
tigate the alleged discrimination against
Union veterans for appointment to the
civil service.
A resolution was adopted recommending
legislation encouraging instruction and
education to prevent the desecration of
the Has.
General James Coey was .'restored to his
honors as past department commander of
the Department of California.
The committee on resolutions reported
indorsing the proposition for a service
pension law. W
past commander In chief, installed the
officers. The new commander in* chief
was authorized to install Junior Vice Com
mander in Chief Henry C. Kessler* and
Judge Advocate General James Tanner,
both of whom were unavoidably absent.
A committee representing the Sons of
Veterans was introduced and addressed
the encampment. Dr. D. Brandley Ply
rcire, senior vice commander, Divlsjon of
California, Sons of- Veterans, conveyed
the greeting of his division and of the
city of San Francisco to the encampment
of the G. A. R. and also spoke upon
Memorial day.
NEW OFFICERS APPOINTED.
The following officers were appointed:
Adjutant general. Charles ' A. Partridge of
Illinois: quartermaster general. Charles Bur
rows of New. Jersey (re-elected): judge advo
cate general.. James Tanner of New York; In
spector general, E. S. Mesaer of Iowa.
Louis Wagner of Pennsylvania, senior
the flag, the flag which in our hand? expanded
h> such ample scope that under its beneficent
folds Injustice and oppression are Impossible;
the flag which la the visible symbol of daily
Inspirations of the American people; the flag
which is the one focus in which we ail unite
In reverential devotion.
We differ In politic?, we differ In religion,
we enter into violent disputes in respect to
the true meaning of the constitution; we even
challenge some of the provisions of that sacred
instrument; we inject largely our selfish de
sires and cupidity into all the transactions of
our daily lives, but from the sanctified folus
of the flag, the collective intelligence of tha
nation rises superior to any of Its parts and
thereby Insures the perpetuity of the republic.
Again I thank you for this magnificent re
ception.
VICE COMMANDER INSTALLED.
C. Mason Klnne was Installed as senior
vice commander and spoke in part as
follows:
Comrades of the Thirty-seventh National En
campment: It Is useless for me to say that I
appreciate the honor you have conferred upon
me; but I do wish to eay that I appreciate the
fact that In selecting me you have evidenced
your desire to honor the Department of Cali
fornia. When those who know me bept unani
mously Indorse me for this position, those that
have been with me in the work for thlrty-slx
years in California, I felt sure almost that
the acquaintanceship that I have in nearly all
of the departments that there could be but one
result. 1 was not quite sure, for you cannot
tell what may happen. I fully appreciate that
you have elected me to a very high office, but
one with very little responsibility attached to
It, and for that reason I propose to take a<i
lantage of this position and say but a very
few words, and end by.promjsing that I will
do all In the future as I have done in the
past that lies In my power to maintain the
principles of the Grand Army of the Repub
lic — fraternity, charity and loyalty.
The following were appointed the na
tional council of administration:
Alabama, M. D. Wlckersham, Mobile; Ariz
ona, George Atkinson, Globe; Arkansas, A. A.
Whifs.n, Little Rock; California and Nevada,
A. W. Barrett, Los Angeles; Colorado and
Wyoming, U. S. Hollister. Denver; Connecticut,
A. C. Mendricks. New Haven; Delaware,
Samuel Worrell, Newark; Florida, Charles
Donovan, Tampa; Georgia, J. A. Commerford,
Marietta: Idaho, George SI. Parsons, Boise;
Illinois, Thomas W. Scott, Falrfleld; Indiana,
Henry A. Root. Michigan City; Indian Terri
tory. David Uedfleld, Ardmore; Kansas. P. H.
Coney. .Topeka; Kentucky. Jacob Sclbert,
Louisville; , Louisiana and Mississippi, Charles
H. Shute. Cambridge, Mass.; Maine, Louis
Selvmg. Augusta; Maryland, Robert C. ¦ Sun
nnim, Baltimore; Massachusetts. John W.' Her
sey. Springfield; Michigan, K. B. Fenton, De
troit; Minnesota, L. W. Collins, St. Cloud; Mis
souri, Jere T. Dew, Kansas City; Montana. H.
S. Hansell, Columbia Falls; Nebraska, Andrew
Traynor. Mllford; New Jersey, Clayland Tll
den. Jersey City; New Mexico, John R. McFie.
Santa Fe; New York, James Owens, 227 East
One Hundred and Twenty-fourth street. New
York City: North Dakota, S. K. McGinnls;
Ohio. A. A. Taylor, Cambridge; Oklahoma,
Wesley Taylor, Perry; Oregon, L. W. Ingram,
Oregon City; Pennsylvania, Thomas Q.
Sample, Allegheny (Box 87); Potomac, B. F<
Entrekln, Washington. D. C; Rhode Island,
John T. Kenyon, Providence; South Dakota,
A. B. Nelson. Pierre; Tennessee. Newton
Hacker. Jonesboro; Texas, R. M. Moore, San
Antonio: Utah. W. W. Bostaph, Ogden: Ve«
mont. A. C. Brown, Montpeller: Virginia and
North .Carolina, James E. Fuller, Norfolk;
Washington and Alaska, S. W. Clark, Seattle:
West Virginia. O. B. Woodcock. New Martins
vllle; Wisconsin, Phil Creek. Baraboo. ~
Continued From Page 1, Column 3.
; . . +
Resolution Praising Lieutenant General Nelson Jl. Miles for
His Soldierly Qualities Adopted. -
THE rooms of the California Com
mandery of the Loyal Legion at
the Occidental Hotel were
thronged yesterday with the vis
iting companions of the Loyal Legion and
their comrades of the Grand Army of the
Republic. The arrangements were perfect
in every detail.
The spacious rooms were profusely
decked with the nation's colors, and a
wealth of floral decorations added to the
general beauty of the apartments.
Rich viands were dispensed with lavish
hand and the hospitality for which the
legion Is noted was emphasized on this
occasion In the most superlative degree.
Among the hosts who were looking after
the welfare of their guests were Colonel
Smedberg. the recorder of the California
Comm.indery; Admfral O. W. Farenholt,
IT. S. N.; Captain Whiting, U. S. N.; Ma
jor Currier and Colonel Middleton, U.
S. A.
THROWN FROM A BUGGY
AND SERIOUSLY INJURED
David Wolfe, Stenographer at City
and County Hospital, Meets
With Painful Accident.
David Wolfe, stenographer and book
keeper at the City and County Hospital,
was thrown from a buggy at Eighth and
Howard streets yesterday afternoon and
seriously Injured.
Wolfe was In a buggy that was being
driven by John O'Brien, commissary of
the hospital.- Just below Mission street
the team struck a rut and the horse, a
spirited one, started suddenly on a run.
O'Brien was thrown out of the busgy,
but landed on his feet and was not hurt.
The lines had dropped over the dashboard
and Wolfe could not get control of the
frightened horse. Near the corner of
Howard street the buggy collided with a
track and Wolfe was thrown with great
violence to the street. •
The City Hall patrol wagon was passing
and Wolfe was taken in it to the Central
Emergency Hospital.
An examination by Drs. Bunnell and
Weyer showed that Wolfe had sustained
a severe laceration of the scalp, a serious
fracture of the right elbow and that his
left arm was broken near the wrist.
As the result of a daring robbery la
Chinatown last evening Jue Lem, Tee
Gin and four other highbinders are in the
City Prison. The vigilance and ability
displayed by Corporal Sylvester and
posse and Detective McMahon resulted in
the recovery of the plunder and the ar
rest of six Chinamen, alleged to be the
most desperate crooks in the Chinese
quarter.
Shortly after 7 o'clock Jue Lem, accom
panied by Yee Gin. entered the jewelry
store of Gin HI & Co. at 811 Dupont
street and asked to be shpwn a gold
bracelet. Several bracelets were passed
out for their Inspection, when suddenly
Lem selected one of the most valuable
and handed It to his pal. • Gin escaped and
ran into a doorway' on Dupont street. Tha
clerks seized Jue Lem and the China
town squad was summoned. Upon the ar
rival of the officers a search was made of
the neighborhood, but no trace of tho
fugitive could be found. Lem was taken
to the Hall of Justice and locked up in the
tanks.
About one hour afterward Yee Gin -was
arrested in Cum Cook aliey and when
searched the bracelet was found in hia
pocket. He denied all knowledge of the
theft and professed Ignorance as to hovr
the property came Into his possession.
Acting upon information Detective Mc-
Mahon. in company with several mem
bers of the Chinatown squad, raided a
room in a Jackson-street rooming-house
and took Into custody four Chinese found
there. A search of the apartment brought
to light a 44-callber Colt's revolver, two
Jimmies and several pawn tickets. All of
those arrested are members of the Hop
Sine Tong and it Is believed that they
were concerned in the attempted robbery
of another jewelry store on Dupont
street, near Washington, about one
month ago, when several shots were fired
at the fleeing criminals.
The members of Gin HI & Co. positively
identified Jue Lem and Yee Gin as the
culprits and the bracelet as their prop
erty. The police are elated over the cap
ture and believe that a well organized
gang of crooks has been broken up. The
pawn tickets found In the room on Jack
son street call for several pieces of valu
able jewelry and may lead to the fasten
ing of other crimes on the men in cus
stody.
THE visiting newspaper men were
entertained last night at the
Press Club by the local organl-
zatlon of newspaper writers and
the press committee of the G. A. R. gen
eral committee.
The entertainment was in the nature of
a ladles' smoker. Captain W..L. Barnes
was sire of the jinks and presided in a
most felicitous manner. The officers of
the club were represented by James A.
Carey, Alpheus DIxon, K. C. Lefnngwell.
W. C. Hollaway and L. E. Stcver, assist
ed by Hugh M. Burke, Colonel Charles L.
Pierce and Louis Levy of the G. A. R.
press committee, who extended a hospita
ble welcome to the 400 visitors.
The decorations .were superb.. Flags and
bunting decked the .walls, while Superin
tendent McLaren sent a whole wagon
load of beautiful roses from Golden Gate
Park.
The programme was novel, as well as
interesting, and passed off without a
hitch. Applause was frequent and gen
erous.
Among the numbers were the Press
Club Glee; Newel Vincen, the tenor of
Grace Church; Kathleen Parlow, 12 years
of age, a phenomenal violinist: Carl Rei
ter, resident manager of the Orpheum at
Omaha, gave Hebrew impersonations;
Miss Rose Broderlck. soprano soloist;
Willard Young, barytone; Miss Francis
Waiss, soprano from Chicago; \V. J.
Hynes, monogollst; Mrs. Tully of San
Jose sang a "Toast to the Veterans,"
composed by Mrs. Rucker of San Jose;
Mrs. Clara Holzmark Wolf played a Cu
ban War lyric entitled "The Invasion
March"; Frank MacVickars gave a reci
tation; the Press Club Quartet, composed
of George King, R. C. Keane, R. Hunt
and Mr. McMullen. rendered a number of
delightful selections; Dr. W. H. Siebers.t
gave a number of German dialect stories;
the Novelty Theater sent Its entire com
pany. Including the orchestra; Miss Chcr-
Idah Simpson from the Grand Opera
bouse sang charmingly; Fischer's Tht-ater
was represented by Blake. Kolb, Dill and
Hermsen. All the other theaters sent
representatives.
CHILD CROSSES STREET
AND CAR STRIKES HER
Little Rita Steele Lies at Point of
Death in the Railroad
Hospital.
Little Rita Steel, aged 9 years and an
inmate of the San Francisco Foundling
Nursery at 1534 Mission street, lies in a
precarious condition at the Railroad Hos
pital aa the result of being hit by a west
bound Mission-street car yesterday after
noon. Her skull Is fractured and the at
tending physicians say that she will prob
ably die.
She was about to cross Mission street,
at .Twelfth, and she was overtaken when
not heeding her way by car. No. 1133, in
charge of Motorman Before the
car could be stopped the front step hit
her on the head and knocked her sense
less She was removed to the Railroad
Hospital, but there Is little chance of her
recovery. Motorman Howard was ar
rested, but later released on ball.
DETECTIVES ARREST BAND *
OF SUPPOSED CRIMINALS
Wretches Discovered Smoking Opium
Are Thought to Be Men
With Records.
Detectives Harry Brais and Tom Gib
son raided a rooming-house at 829 Howard
street last night and In one of the rooms
four men, Gus Williams. Dennle O'Brien.
Frank Howard and John Kaskell, were
found smoking opium. The men were ar
rested and their names entered on the
detinue book, pending an Investigation.
In the room where the trio was cap
tured the officers discovered a full lay
out of burglars' tools and a gun, which
Williams attempted to hide under the
bed. The men are supposed to be wanted.
They will be held till something Is learned
concerning their records. ;
Policeman Stops Runaway.
Police Officer M. L. Tierney ' made a
great run after a runaway horse at the
corner of Fillmore and McAllister, streets
yesterday afternoon and finally overtook
the frightened steed and brought him to
a standstill. The horse was attached to
a light wagon and ran several blocks be
fore the officer spied him. No damage was
done. ¦/ ;'-¦..-
Camera Club Lecture.
A large audience assembled at the Al
hambra Theater last evening. The occa
sion was the one hundred and flfty-n.'nth
illustrated lecture of the California Cam
era Club. "Picturesque and Historical
France" was the subject chosen and W.
S. Stevenson of Los Angeles explained the
slides as they passed through the lan
tern. During an Intermission several vo
cal selections were rendered by MI33 Liv
ingston. The synopsis of the lecture is as
follows:
••Romance and War." ••Brittany/' •"Tin
Mysterious Bridge of St. Mato. ' "The First
Salute to the American Flag. ' William tha
Conqueror.'" "Caen and Charlotte Corday."
"The Chateaux of the Loire." "St. Martin and
the Beggar." "Poitiers and the Anxious Wid
ower" -Bordeaux." "Bayonne." "Biarritz
and Fashion." "The Pyrenees.; "Roland."
"The Battle of Roncesvalles. "Chateau of
Pan " "A Strange Team." "Lourdea and Its
Miracle*." "The Cirque of Gavarni*." "Her
cules and Pyrene." "Luchon." "The latest
Edition." "The Marseillaise Hymn." "Alpiaa
France" "The Grand Chartreuse." "Double
ud Susan." "Chalons and the Huna."
"Gllropees of Paris." "St. Denis." "The Story
., Jeanne d'Arc." "The Bells of Comevilte."
"Moun?St. Michael." "The Harbor of the Dive
and the Norman Conquest. "
Want Ach. for Chairman.
The delegation from the Fortieth As
sembly District, which Is composed of
twenty-two members of the United Re
publican League, decided last night to
make a strenuous fight to have Henry
Ach made chairman of the coming Re
publican municipal convention. Morris L.
Asher was elected chairman of the dele
gation and John Henderson secretary.
Takes an Overdose of Poison.
. V. de Treville. 873 Mission street, was
treated at the Central ,. Emergency Hos
pital last night for chloroform poisoning.
De Treville claims that he took the poison
by mistake. About six months ago he
was treated at the hospital for the same
ailment and he told the same story. H«
is out of dancer. jPfifl
NOTICE
Holders of Q. A R. Tickets.
Before returning home you will be Interested
In seeing Sauaallto. Mill Valley or San Ra£ael.
the beautiful suburban home district; 14 tram*
daily via North Shore R. R. (Sausallto terry).
Fare, round trip. 23c to 60c Mount Tamalpas
(scenic railway trip). *l 90. Ticket olncft. W*
jj-jrv.t atx—t. 6. F. (Phono Prtv»t« Exc !«.)•
Ukiah Excursion.
On Sunday. August 23, the California North
western Railway will run an excursion, to
Uklah through that most picturesque section of
the State — Marln. Santa Rosa and Russian
River vaHeys— charging only $2 for the round
trip Kach ticket sold insures a seat, for the
company will not sell a single ticket above
the number of eeats provided* They will be
on sale commencing Monday. 'August 17. at
ticket of flees. 650 Market street (Chronicle
building) and at Tiburon ferry. Time of de
parture from Tiburon ferry will be 8:30 a. m.;
from Uklah on Uie return, 5 p. m.' •
ARMORY OF THE FIRST BATTALION OF ARTILLERY, N. G. C, IS TURNED INTO A BALLROOM BY THE
SPANISH-AMERICAN WAR VETERANS IN HONOR OF THE VISITING DELEGATES AND MEMBERS
OF THE GRAND ARMY OF THE REPUBLIC.
Enter Jewelry Store and
Flee With Gold
Bracelet.
The accused man is in jail at Martinez.
His story, corroborated by his wife on
the nipfct of the shooting, was. that I^af
ferty tried to kill him and that, after a
fierce Ftrun^o. the son-in-law was com
pelled to shoot in self-defense.
BERKELEY, Aug. Tl.— An inquest was
held to-night by Coroner Mehrmann in
the case of William H. Lafferty, who was
shot on August 11 at Point Richmond by
George Henley, bis son-in-law, and who
?lied Wednesday at the Berkeley Sanita
rium. William Llndsley, a notary public
of Point Richmond, read a dying state
ment made by Lafferty, who said Henley
crew a pistol during a. quarrel, and Laf
ferty. to protect himself, grabbed what
he thought was a steel bar, but which
proved to be a rifle. In the struggle that
followed Lafferty said his son-in-law 6hot
him. Constable Joseph Moitoza explained
about Henley's arrest and his surrender
of the pistol. Other witnesses were
Charles L. Winchell of Vallejo, another
pori-in-law of Lafferty: I>r. C. R. Blake
of Point Richmond and Dr. George W.
Davis of Berkeley. Mrs. Henley was
present at the inquest, but she was not
cal>d as a witness. The verdict was that
death was caused by hemorrhage due to
a shotgun wound inflicted by George C.
Henley.
Mirth and Melody
Reign in the
Rooms.
Officers Keep Open
Quarters for
Visitors.
Coroner's Jury Holds
Henley Responsible
for Death.
PRESS CLUB
ENTERTAINS
LOYAL LEGION
AT RECEPTION
HOLD INQUEST
OVER LAFFERTY
auspices of the Ladies' Auxil
iarv Corps of Camp Richter. Mrs. G.
Hoiliater and Mrs. G. R. Hamilton, as-
Flsted by the ladies of the corps, received
The guests. After the formal portion of
the reception was concluded dancing be
came the feature cf the evening's enjoy
ment.
A fine supper was served, accompanied
by claret cup and champagne punch. The
festivities lasted until a late hour.
The annual meeting of the Department
of California, Spanish-American War Vet
oraR5. was held Tuesday evening and the
following officers were elected for the rn-
FUing year: Department commander. Col
onel T* F. O'Neil; senior vice commander.
F. H. Heiter; junior vice commander, T.
J. Hay; assistant adjutant general. A. J.
Nicholson; quartermaster general. Captain
O. F. Huber; council of administration— J.
Mcrris. J. Crawford. E. Jcnes and J.
Alexander; surgeon general. Dr. Prentice;
chaplain. Rev. Joseph P. McQuade; in
spector general. Captain K C. Beers, and
judge advocate, F. Schrieber.
At the reunion cf tha Spanish-American
War Veterans, held at the armory of the
First Battalion of Artillery on Wednesday
evening. Colonel Owen Summers, com
mander In chief of the order, presented to
Captain T. W. Costello. commander of
Camp Richter of this city, a handsome
standard of colors.
REUNION of all the veterans
fj cf the Spanish war now In the
3*& city was held last night at the
%0r & El'is-street armor}' under the
Evening Is Spent
in Pleasant
Manner.
CHINESE COMMIT
A DARING THEFT
George G. Meade Post No. 43,' Depart
ment of California and Nevada, received
comrades and friends at 102 OTarrell
street throughout yesterday. The mem
bers of the post dispensed hospitality
without limit. There were vocal and In
strumental selections, and refreshments
from early morning until night. The
aim of the gallant members of Meade
Post, as with the members of other of
the local posts of the Grand Army of the
Republic, has been to see to it that vis
itors had ail the comfort that could be
enjoyed at a private club. Their efforts
have been rewarded by the hearty re
sponse of the comrades who flocked to
the quarters every day since the opening
of the encampment.
The Knickerbocker Quartet rendered
vocal numbers selected from the patriotic
musical folio, and also the latest quaint
and humorous songs.
A recitation splendidly delivered by
Miss II. J. Hassenmuller, telling a story
of war, was heartily received, and songs
were rendered by Miss Helen Colburn
Heath and F. "W7 Jacobs. Miss Lillian
Qulnn recited, and Miss Nellie B. Waters
gave a delightful selection of good old
American melodies on the bells. MIs3
Julia Rapier Tharp's piano solo was a
successful feature of the afternoon pro
gramme, which finished with stereoptlcon
views of the Pacific Coast.
The George H. Thomas Post entertain
ment of the evening not only included an
excellent musical programme, but danc
ing as well. The programme was as fol
lows:
Ladles' reception at 8 o'clock. Mrs. Jam?*
K. Wilson and Mlsa Marie Wilson and fam
ilies of comrades; orchestra and dance music.
Seventh United States Infantry Band; Alta
quartet: "Bells," Miss Nellie B. Waters:
Knickerbocker Quartet: contralto solo. Miss
Gertrude Wheeler; recitation. Miss Jean Durell;
Knickerbocker Quartet: trio. Miss Millie Flynn.
Newell B. Vlnson, S. Homer Henley; dancing;
refreshments in lodgeroom. committee — Com
rades J. O. Glestlng. W. E. Lutx. H. M. Burke.
J. H. Roberts and James K. Wilson.
hearted hospitality of the post was appre
ciated and enjoyed. The programmes in
cluded vocal and instrumental selections.
At 2:30 In the afternoon Mrs. F. R.
Sherman and Mrs. J. H. Gilmore and
families of comrades held a reception,
after which the orchestra, composed en
tirely of members of the Seventh United
States Infantry band from the Presidio,
discoursed operatic and chamber music
and won tha hearty applause of the vast
assemblage.
During the recess for refreshments,
which were served In the Elks' Hall, the
orchestra played selections of a . lighter
style.'
GEORGE H. THOMAS POST No.
2, Department of California and
Nevada, Grand Army of the Re
public, gave two encampment en
tertainments yesterday afternoon
and evening at Steinway Hall. The open-
Spanish - American
War Heroes
Gather.
Veterans of California Entertain in a
Lavish Manner and Give a
' Pleasant Dance.
YOUTHFUL
SOLDIERS'
REUNION
LOCAL POSTS MEET
COMRADES OF YORE
LAST DAYS OF ENCAMPMENT PRESENT BUSY SCENES
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 22 V 1903.
3
1TEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
MEN ARE POWERLESS
To Fi^ht Agrainst Disease Unless
They Strike at the Under-
lying Cause.
To treat Dandruff and Falling Hair with
irritants or oils on which a parasitic germ
will prosper ia like scooping water from the
mean to prevent the tide from riving.
You cannot accomplish a satisfactory cure
without naving a right understand ing of the
fundamental causes of the trouble.
You mu.n kill the Dandruff Germ.
.Wwbro's Hfrrpicide does thi« because It is
t-j*><-lElly made to do that very thing.
When the srerm Is removed the hair has no
choice but to resume healthy growth and
beauty.
•'Destroy the cause, you remove the effect."
Sold by leading druggists. Send 10c In
ftampt €or sample to The Herplcide Co., De-
troit, Mich.
Why Schilling's Best ? Are
they really best? »
The tea and coffee, 5 and 4
kinds, are good-enougK coffee
and tea ; there is no such thing
as best tea or coffee; the bakjng-
powder flavoring extracts and
spices are best in the strictest
sense ; the soda is common.
Your rrocer'i ; aoocy-ack. j ¦SAN FRANCISCO WOMAN WHO
•WILL DIRECT AFFAIRS OF
THE W. R. C.
" .The' cornet player. may be excused from
blowing: about his accomplishment
BOSTON, Aug. 21.— Andrew J. Leonard,
formerly a famous baseball player, died
at his home here to-day, aged 56.
Noted Baseball Player Dead.
LONDON. Au*. 22.— The Shanghai corre
spondent of the Times says the United Btates
Treaty Coramlf Blon met to-day after, a fort
night's Interval. Neither the American ¦ nor
Chinese Commissioners • have, received instruc
tions regarding China's promise to ooen new
oorta In Manchuria
BERLIN. Aug-. 21. — The impendinr resigna
tion of Baron von Tblelman, the Secretary of
the '• Treasury, is announced - to-day. ¦ His
reslfrnation U attributed to the difficulty con
nected with carrying out the reform of the
Imperial army.' HU successor w'U be a South
German.
Sacramento Wash Gold Excitement.
SAN BERNARDINO. Aug. 21.— The gold
excitement at Sacramento Wash, west of
Needles, which caused such a furor a
few months ago. was revived to-day when
it was reliably reported that six ounces
of gold and nuggets were taken from the
contents "of a half barrel of dirt taken
from bedrock twenty-nine feet below tha
surface.
CHICAGO. Aug. 21.— After saturating
her clothing with kerosene and setting
it on fire In an effort to commit suicide
Mrs. Mabel Lathey, aged 24 years, fell
upon the floor of the hallway in her home
and awaited death to-day. The boarders
In tha house discovered the unfortunate
woman and with the aid of a polic«man
succeeded In extinguishing the flames, but
not until the woman had been so severely
burned that It Is feared she will die.
Attempts Suicide by. Fire.
Shortly after 1 o'clock this morning fire
broke out in one of the tanneries owned
by Lawrence & Parkhuret at Army and
De Haro streets and before the blaze
could be extinguished. the adjoining tan
nery, owned by the same firm, caught
fire. . Both were practically destroyed, as
the Fire- Department could do little
toward saving them on account of the in
flammable material of which they were
constructed.^ ' ' : '-• '¦'¦ '- - :: ¦'•-< •
; The ! origin- of the fire is unknown. It
gained immediate headway and a moment
after being discovered was all. but be
yond control. The loss of the firm Is
thought to be quite heavy. ;
Flames Gain Great Headway and Ef
forts of Firemen to Save Build
ings Prove Futile.
TWO TANNERIES RUINED
BY EARLY MORNING FIRE
The racing season of the New Califor>
nia Jockey Club will open at Oakland on
November 14. The $10,000 Burns handi
cap. Is the richest of the club's stakes.
It will be run February 6 at a mile and
a cuarter. The most attractive \ of the
other stakes are:
Opening handicap, (2000 added, to be run
November .14; Thanksgivlnr handicap, $2000
added, November 20; Crocker selling stakes,
$2000 added. December 12; Cbrtatmas handi
cap,. |3000 added. December 25; New Tear han
dicap, $2000 added, January 1, 1004; Follans
bee.handicap. $2000 added. January 0; Llssak
handicap, $2000 added. January 23: Adam An
drew soiling stakes, $2000 added. January lfe;
California Oaks. $2000 added, January 30; Pal
ace Hotel handicap, $2000 added, February 13;
California Derby, $2MX> added, February 22;
Thornton stakes, $2500 added, March 19; Bell
•take*. S20OO * added. March 12; Waterhouse
$20^ l a^°el dd lS r ,l M r h B: aebhMd h^ d ! CaP '
JOCKEY CLUB OFFICIALS
ANNOUNCE SEASON'S STAKES
Racing Will Commence at Oakland
Track on November 14— Burns
Handicap Richest Event.
Reserved Seat Excursions
Every Sunday (until further notice) at 8
a. m. for Caradero Giant Redwoods and
the Russian River district. $1 60 round
trip, including reserved seat. Magnificent
and varied scenery. Ticket office 626 Mar
ket street, San Francisco. Phone private
exchange 1C4.
itors from the East to the en
campment, are now busily engaged In ar
ranging for the return of tho veterans
to their homes. The task, from a rail
road standpoint, is an easy one, for the
great bulk of the travelers are not going
away as they came, all together, but
will go by various routes and at different
times. The few exceptions to this rule
will be In cases where the delegates travel
In special trains, as will tha Pennsylvania,
the Illinois, Iowa. New York. Massachu
setts and representations from some of
the larger States. The majority of the
visitors will not start for the East until
to-morrow, although the greater part of
them will have either left San Francisco
for good or started off on sightseeing
tours through the State, returning to' this
city only long enough to transfer them
selves to the regular overland trains.
Statistician Jackson of the Southern
Pacific Company ia hard at work figuring
out Just how many strangers were at
tracted to San Francisco by the Orand
Army Encampment. From reports re
ceived through different channels he has
accounted for 19,397 persons who passed
over the State lines up. to 4 o'clock Thurs
day afternoon on the special O. A. R.
tickets, and of this number 16.234 came by
way of Ogden. The traffic by way of
Portland and a number of trains by way
of El Paso, together with several not yet
reported from Ogden, has forced Jackson
to-do a little estimating. By -special
trains unaccounted for from Ogden he
figures there will be an addition of 2000
to the authenticated totals, and to this
he adds 600 for persons who came through
Ogden on the regular trains an3 2500 who
came over the Santa Fe route, which
brings the grand total up to a little over
THE officials of the Southern Pa
cific Company's passenger de
partment, having safely landed
in this city the bulk of the vis-
Encampment Proves a Big Attraction
to Eastern People.
ATTENDANCE GBATIFYINCk
The Cklah excursion will taka plae* next
Sunday August 23. The round trip tickets
have been placed at the very moderate rat»
of *200 (regular round trip $3.00) and a com
fortable eeat is assured each passenger. Th*
California Northwestern Railway is always very
successful on any excursion It slves. becausa
It takes special pains for the comfort and con-
t« a deli.htft.1 on.;
the climate Is perfect and the scenery Is beau
tiful At Uklah there is a stop of about four
hours to visit all the places of Interest In th!.
section. Starting from San Franco the bay
Ulp is a rr«»t pleasure en tha well appointed
ferrv steamers of the company. At Tiburon
Section™* at once maie wltb the train, anrt
Hi" a train of great comfort a n^ every con
v»ni(^ee The trtp through Marin. Sonoma.
Sanu^Rosa. Russia^ River and Ukiah Valley*
gives an ever chanRlne panoratna of scenery.
This i« a trip that can be taken over and
over again and always with the highest pleas
ured satisfaction. There Is always some
thing new. There are beautiful landscape,
towns and villages all along, and for a num
be? or miles the Russian River parallels tha
"wl do not know that we- could recommend
a more delightful trip. «nd when a person *»ts
home he is not tired an. worn cut and dusty.
It is the luxury of tra\el and there Is ease
and relaxation all th« tine. It is an escape
from the toil and worry of every day life; but
this excursion is not merely leaving the city:
u is iolr.g on a delightful little Jaunt through
tha fairest portion of the State. It is a vj slt
to the garden section of California, tftcludlnfr
the redwoods and pine country, where the air
and water are calculated to put n»w life jnt»
a man and make his blood co«r Se wlth tha
pulse beats of vigorous youth. Tickets now en
sale at «.'>O Market street (Chronicle Building),
and at Tiburon ferry.
Time of dcparu:re from Tiburon ferry next
Sunday will b« 8: .0 a. in., and on the return,
train will leave Lkiah at 3 p. m. •
Excursion to TJkiah.
It is generally conceded that Harrison
would make an ideal man for the place.
As Sheriff of Marin County he made an
exceptionally, able official ana gained a
large knowledge of what is necessary tin
the handling of desperate . criminals. He
is conceded to be courageous, • cool and of
excellent judgment, and has a splendid
record for probity.' At present he Is hold
ing* a responsible position at San Queritln
prison.
- The logic of political reasoning points
Btrongly to a confirmation of these predic
tions. In the first place, he is a Demo
crat and as such will be acceptable to a
majority of the Board of Pris6n Directors.
It Is an unwritten law that one of the
Wardens of the State penitentiaries shall
be a Republican and tne other a Demo
crat- The appointment of Warden Tomp
kins to San Quentin precludes the selec
tion of one of similar political faith for
the Folsom position. Three of the pres
ent board of directors— James H. Wllklns,
R. M. Fitzgerald and Don Ray— are Dem
ocrats, and all are saW to be friendly to
Harrison's appointment.
Director Wilkins is a strong friend and
supporter of the Marin County ex-sherlft.
He has been behind him in every political
fight Harrison has made, and to him is
attributed the election of Harrison to the
office of Sheriff. Fitzgerald was sponsor
for Wilkinson, the present Warden, and
Wllklns voted with his- fellow director.
As a matter of reciprocity, Fitzgerald is
now supporting Harrison, and Don Ray
is also said t£ be favorably inclined
toward the massive man from Marin
County.
Interest In State politics at present
centers In the question as to who will be
the next Warden of Folsom penitentiary.
It is conceded that Warden Wilkinson has
practically reached the limit of his tenure
in office. The Prison Directors will meet
to-day to begin an investigation into the
escape of thirteen prisoners a few weeks
ago, and It Is a foregone conclusion that
their inquiry will result ift the resigna
tion of the present Warden.
The name most prominently mentioned
in connection with the expected appoint
ment Is that of Henry Harrison. ex-
Bheriff of Marin County. Those in touch
with the sentiments of the Prison Di
rectors claim that his success Is assured
and confidently predict that before De
cember 1 he will be occupying the posi
tion.
Ex-Sheriff Henry Harri
son After Folsom
v Wardenship.
They declare that .there .will be nothing
left undone In an endeavor to make the
encampment of 1904 as important a suc
cess in the great New England city as it
has been In San Francisco.
The Massachusetts delegation promise
"to get even" with Califortolans when
they shall all meet at- the next encamp
ment, which is to be held in Boston.
_ _' ADIES of the Grand Army of the
Republic met last evening at
B Union Square Hall, first for the
"¦ ma* purpose of installing their newly
elected officers,- and second,- to
hold a social at the termination of a busi
ness meeting. .' :
The installation was dignified and im
pressive. It was about 9 o'clock when
Mrs. II. Anna Hall read the ritual, and
the officers-elect were conducted to the
center of the hall, from which position
they, In turn, answered the questions pro
pounded by the installing officer.
"When each officer-elect had made dec
laration to obey the regulations of the
organization and had made known that
she was willing to accept the responsibil
ity of the position, the elect was con
ducted to the platform, where she took
her place In line with the national pres
ident.
The officers installed were:
National president of the Ladies of the Grand
Army of the Republic, Mn. Belinda S. Bailey
of California; senior vice president, Mrs. Ruth
Foote, Colorado: Junior vice president. Mrs.
Emma Pierce, Madsachusetts; treasurer. Mrs.
Julia M. Gordon, Kansas: chaplain, Mrs. Jen
nie Varney, Minnesota; secretary, Mrs. Abble
L. Krebbe. California; council of administra
tion—Mrs. Hannah M. Chamberlain. New York;
Miss Ruth Hall, Wheeling, W. Va., and Mrs.
Mary T. Hager. Illinois.
Each of the new officers received hearty
congratulations from friends and then the
social programme of the evening began.
Music was a feature of the entertain
ment and several vocalists rendered songs
so admirably that they were recalled.
Much was said by members of the dis
tinguished order touching the reception
accorded them here. All were profuse in
paying the committees of San Francisco
praise for their untiring efforts \o insure
to the visitors every possible comfort,
and more that the arrangements had
been followed without accident, It was
admitted, proved the executive ability
and care . with which the whole pro
gramme had been devised and carried
out.
The Catholic Club, an organization
formed for th© purpose of "encouraging
the growth of the Catholic movement In,
the Protestant Episcopal church of tha
United States of America," was Incor
porated yesterday. The directors are J.
H. Robertson, Edward Mills Adams, S.
"W. Pease and George "W. Reed of thla
city and Newton Barry of Oakland. Th©
directors are all of the Protestant Epis
copal faith, but they desire a reorganiza
tion of the church. They are members or
what is known as the "Cathollo party"
In the church and believe in many of tha
doctrines of the primitive Catholic
church. Many of the practices and teach
ings of the Roman Catholic church are
involved, but the claim is made- that tha
latter church adopted some • innovations,
which the reformers will not accept.
As yet the membership in this city is
small, though the movement has been
prevalent throughout the country for tha
last few years. None of the ministry is
Included, but several will probably coma
In later. No positive plan of action, has
been decided upon, but this matter will
be brought "up later and discussed. Epis
copalians will be invited to meet with
the members for the purpose of studying
and discussing the subject.
Catholic Movement Now
Started Amorg High
Churchmen.
Officers Installed
and Meeting
Closes.
SIT BEHIND
CLOSED DOORS
Ex-Commander in Chief Stewart and
the former members of his staff will leave
in their special car for the East on Sun
day,- traveling as part of the special train
of the Pennsylvania contingent.
The new council of administration held
its first meeting immediately after the ad
journment of the convention and fixed the
bonds and salaries of the new adjutant
general and the quartermaster general.
The salary of the former was fixed at
$1200 per annum and that of the quarter
master general at $500. The council au
thorized the printing and distribution of
6000 copies of the proceedings. It also
authorized the selection of an executive
committee, to be composed of the com
mander in chief, adjutant general, quar
termaster general and seven members of
the council of administration, the latter
to be named by the commander in chief.
General Black stated that he would
name these members. In general orders 1
and 2, to be Issued later. It Is his inten
tion to remain in California until about
September 6,, during which time he will
be the guest of his sister, who resides
across the bay. Adjutant General Part
ridge expects to go to Los Angeles to
night for a visit, and will return here In
time to confer with General Black regard
ing the issuance of the first orders of the
new administration.
were closed yesterday afternoon
with a bit of pleasant ceremony, which
few connected with that department had
anticipated. A few minutes before 5
o'clock General Black, the new com
mander in chief of the organization, who
had been engaged in consultation with
the newly appointed members of his staff,
suddenly rose from his seat at a table
and. turning to his associates, remarked:
"Gentlemen, the labors of the Thirty
seventh Annual Encampment having prac
tically closed with the adjournment of to
day's meeting of delegates, It would prob
ably bo the proper thing to regard these
quarters as also closed. Before taking
our departure, however, I would like the
privilege of saying a few words to our
comrades who have acted as a guard at
headquarters during the week, which is
rapidly drawing to a close," and, acting on
his own suggestion, General Black pro
ceeded to the outer room, where the
guard, in response to the order of its offi
cer of the day, "fell in" and stood at at
tention. As General Black approached,
arms were brought to a "present," as is
the military custom, but by a- signal of
his hand the commander in chief waived
formalities and, turning to' the proud old
soldiers, addressed a few remarks to
them, thanking them for their courtesy,
recalling their past loyalty to the country
and wishing them long life and good
cheer. Nor did he stop there. Stepping
up to the line, he passed along it, shak-'
Ing each veteran by the hand and receiv
ing with an air of comradeship their sin
cerely expressed friendship.
After the adjournment of the convention
yesterday General Black made public the
appointment of the principal officers of
his staff, who will be as follows:
Adjutant General— C. A. Partridge of
Illinois.
Quartermaster General— Charles Bur
rows of New Jersey, reappolnted.
Judge Advocate General— James Tanner
of New York.
Inspector General — Colonel B. B. Messer
of Iowa. I
THE temporary headquarters of
national officers of the Grand
Army of the Republic in the
maple roomlof the Palace Hotel
Commander in Chief
Thanks Guard
Of fffinnt*
J AM l/fkvl •
HEADQUARTERS
ARE CLOSED
the Big Trees, a special excur
sion having been arranged for their con
venience by the Southern Pacific Com
pany. A large number of veterans trav
eled over the lines of the California
Northwestern to points aa far as Santa
Rosa, where they were warmly welcomed,
and not a few patronized the North Shore
route, especially the new electric branch
running to Mill Valley. Some also Jour
neyed up to the top of Mount Tamalpais,
but the biggest travel was to Oakland.
In fact, It was bo large that the Southern
Pacific Company's officials had their
hands full handling the crowds that
crossed the bay on the ferries during the
forenoon and early in the afternoon. It
was a bigger crowd than the company
had expected, and certainly more than
the people of Oakland had looked for.
To-day the veterans and their friends
are invited to San Jose, where elaborate
arrangements have been made for their
reception. The people of the pretty little
city have done a great deal of booming
for the event, and the railroad company
has made extra preparations for traffic,
for it Is expected that an unusually large
crowd will make the trip.
Notwithstanding that thousands of the
veterans absented themselves from the
city yesterday, a goodly number remained
behind and continued to give the city a
convention appearance by their presence
on the streets and about the hotels. The
different California headquarters contin
ued to keep open house, and the Eastern
visitors repeated the pleasant experiences
of the previous days of the week in mak
ing a call and enjoying the California
hospitality extended to them. At the
headquarters of the Sacramento .Valley
Veterans' Brigade, in the Lick House,
there was a constant throng of visitors
throughout the day. They called empty
handed and left with a box of choice fruit
and a small bottle of native wine, a gift
that all visitors have received and appre
ciated. The fact that the encampment
is practically over did not in any way di
minish the hospitality of the Sacramento
Valley representatives yesterday. If any
thing they were even more generous, go
ing even so far as to send large boxes of
selected fruit and wine around to the va
rious headquarters of the numerous East
ern delegations, accompanied with the
suggestion that the juicy product of the
Btate would be forthcoming as long as
the visitors signified their willingness to
consume It. As an inducement for out
siders to enter the headquarters and par
take of the fruit and wine the Sacramen
to Valley people had a band stationed at
the entrance of the Lick House during
the afternoon playing almost continu
ously. •
The Fresno delegation entertained in a
similar manner at its headquarters In
Pioneer Hall.
LARGE number of veterans
ffjf and their friends took advan-
M*fr tage of the opportunity afford
\J & ed them yesterday and visited
SEEK TO RECALL
MANY OLD FORMS
The local traffic, that is. from point*
between this city and Portland, from
Nevada and from Southern California
towns, the passenger officiate of the
Southern Pacific Company's figure wa3
about 15.000. of which Sacramento con
tributed 1000, Stockton 500. Los Angeles
1000 and points along the coast line, from
Santa Barbara north, from 4009 to 5000.
making the number of outside people in
San Francisco during the encampment
week, exclusive of the many thousand
people that Oakland and other bay cities
and towns sent here and which can in
no way be accounted for, a few hundred
more than 40,000.
twenty-five thousand passengers from
east of Oeden and north at Portland.
MARIN COUNTY
HAS CANDIDATE
The articles are owned by Mrs. Dr.
Simonds. who recently married a doctor
in the navy. The collection consists of a
number of " letters, some In Lincoln's
handwriting. Other articles were used
personally by the emancipator. x
In the center of the collection is a
bronze bust of Lincoln; the work of W.
S. Wood, Commissioner of Public Build
ings in Washington. D. C. ; A letter. In
troducing Mr. Wood to Hon. M. Blair and
signed "A. Lincoln," dated March 7,. 1861;
is at the base of the bronze profile
statuette of the martyred President.
Perhaps the choicest relic In the dis
play Is a letter written by John Hay, the
present Secretary of Btate, when he was
an assistant secretary' to President Lin
coln. The letter reads as follows:
EXECUTIVE MANSION. WASHINGTON,'
March 2 1SC2.— My Dear Mr. Wood: When you
were last here you dropped a remark to the
effect that a man who buys railroad tickets
when he can get them for nothing is. to use
the emphatic language of Count Gurowakl. "a
aw." I was much struck with the remark at
the time. I thought It evidenced great prac
tical wisdom and an elevating • range of
thought. I have remembered and pondered it
in my inmost meditations, and have^ come to
the conclusion that it would be a /ery good
arrangement to put your theory into practice. ¦
I want to go to Illinois in a few days If
you know of any railroad man of large liber
ality and feeble Intellect, you may promise him
the fervent prayers and distinguished consid
eration of yours tremendously. J. HAY.
P g. please- answer as soon as you can
whether or not. particularly whether.
great patriot, Abraham Lincoln,
which has been displayed In the windows
of Shreve & Co., the jewelers.
CONSIDERABLE Interest has been
shown by thousands of veterans
during the encampment week in a
priceless collection of relics of the
Comrade Shifter and all the people of this
mtghty coast : We rurrendcrtd to you seveu
»«•« n yean ago ana w* have surrendered to you
again In 1&03. What the legions of the South
were unable to 6o with their mighty leaders
California has done. It has casrtured all the
L'cloa army nerm living-. We have come to th*
rlos« of this rl'irtous week to thank you and
to r«y to you, the L»->rd love you on* and all
¦efl. not call rou too soon. (ApnlauM.) Young
When the applause had subsided Gen
eral Ehafter called upon Corporal Jarae*
Tanner to epcak to the sentiment. "Our
Honored Dead." There were criea for the
famous Commissioner of Pensions to
mount a chair.
He «'a« unable to do so, but he epoke
from where he stood, and said in part:
What do we think of California, we your
visitor*? We think rhe 1* the golden shield that
hangs upon our nation's breast. We think
t-he has & future such as man never dreamed
of. We believe that now and from this time
on all the majesty, all the strength, all the
pplrndor, all the purposes of this great re
public will pour acroM her borders In the
mighty processes of the civilizing and up*
building of the western land and seas. <Ap
lilause.)
And what, do we think of you? We think
you are our brothers, bound together In one
Indissoluble link that time and the hand of
death alone can hr*ak. We love you, we
honor you; we cherish you; we hold you as
the youngest and foremost of the mighty chain
of States. We thank you for your hospitality.
(Applause.)
CALIFORNIA'S FUTUBE.
We. your vUltore, were boys in 1861, Gen
eral Bhafter. when we first learned to love
California. The pioneer, the argonaut, the man
with the pick on his shoulder had come and
rnentd up some of the wonderful wealth of your
Ptate, but as yet California was to the men
of th* far East only a Utopia and a dream.
Then came our mtghty war. Where would
California be? Was It to be what we had
hoped — a source of income and prosperity?
Would fhe prove false to the destinies
of the republic, or would fhe cast her lot with
us? And to these questions in the course of
eighteen months came a wonderful answer.
My comrades, let me ask you to turn back
to those times, when all the vast resources
of the Government seemed locked and para
lyzed. Our boys were dying In the hospitals,
with no attention or car* to be given to them
for the reason that our Government was strur
pilng fc-r Its life and could not stop and do
the kindly and tender things that universal
charity desired. In the hour of Its extrem
ity, in this month of August. Just forty-two
years ego, a lightning dispatch was carried
to the President of the United States and we
wrre told that California rrom the depths of
her mines and the richness of her placers gave
$100,000 tn gold that her soldiers might be
helped. (Great applause.) And from that time
on, until the close of th« war. we knew that
California was true to the mighty banner of
U»e free.
Comrades and Fellow Citiiene: It is my high
privilege and honor on behalf of the Grand
Amy of the Republic to re?j*md to the words
of welcome that have just be«n pp<jken by our
gallant ccmrade and friend and rpokesman of
cur host General William R. Hnaftcr (ap
j.lause). and on behalf cf my comrades. moi»t
of whose mouths are full of better things than
H-eech Ht thia time, I desire to say that we.
jour visitor*, thank you In every liber of our
Lclng for all the *] slenders of these magic peo
bl« ia thjs magic city. (Applause.)
While I am not an old man yet < laughter
• nd applause and crier of "No! No'."). I was
a youth when Ban Francisco was hunting a
came < applause), ai»l before the Golden Gate
of this grott ocean had been opened to the
view of the pioneer a prowling American ship
came around Cape Horn bearing the flag of
the Union at Us main. crul*ing up and down
this coast, and at last turned its prow Into
the*e waters and dropped its anchor in for
#ljrn s*ZM. for at that time the Pacific Ocean
was not an American ocean. At that time
California was an American commonwealth, but
was held by ih/ Hpmniard, who dreamed of
rold and glory. And they came— the gold and
glory — half a century ar>. not to the Spaniard,
but to th»- inquisitive. Industrious and all-con-
Guerlrig Yankee nation. (Applause.)
We. your visitors, are full of the sunshine
and the glory of this fplendld land. We are
rlad to set our flap* on the outward peak* of
the American republic. We are glad that the
eye* of our children are beginning to look out
upon that West of ours where an American
flag shaJl EtC wave in triumph to the farthest
S'as. <AJ>flause.)
During the enthusiasm Commander in
Chief Black mounted a chair and waited
fully five minutes before the cheering
ceased. His voice then rang out over the
gathering and his speech was loudly ap
phiUilfed. He epoke in part as follows:
GEITERAL BLACK SPEAKS.
It U my pleasure and honor to present to
y.rj that upright citizen ami ratlant soldier
whom you have selected by your votes to load
the bdsbtjr host* of the Grand Army during
the ensuing year— Gc-neral Jchn C. Black of
Illinois. (Great cheering.)
the cheer* that fined trie Pavilion
drowned the music.
Five thousand chairs were provided for
the veterans, and none were vacant. The
comrades enjoyed the repast and the
evening was enjoyable throughout. AH
praised California'* hospitality.
Major General Shafter was the chair
man of the big gathering. His heart was
gladdened by the outburst of enthusiasm
that greeted him when he arose to make
the opening address. It was some time
before he ccuid begin, and after the out
burst he spoke in part as follows:
It is with great pleasure that I rise to voice
the welcome of the comrades of the Paclfle
to the visiting comrades of the Grand Army
or the Republic. You can hardly appreciate
how !c:ig:r.giy we cf this c«aM have looked
forward to this present minion. Seventeen
years have paft*d since we had you In our
midst. It has been possible for you comrades
to attend reunions in the Uast every four or
five years. We h«pe you will never regret
taking tt!s long Journey. Whil« we ere prac
tically exiled in our native land, living so far
from the 8c«r.es< of your annual encampments;
jet we hold >ou In loving r«m«ir.brance and
can hardly exinvrt the pleasure thl* meeting
has civen us. We hope some of us may live
long <>noufc-h to e*e another cycle of years roll
around so that we may give you another wel
come here.
Others Remain to Jlccept Hospitality of
Generous Catifornians.
Charles II. Blinn (chairman). W. W. Wood
ward. William D. Ruddlck, George M. Mott,
W. Dohrman Jr.. P. A. Perkins. A. E. Leav
ttt, C. E. Wilson, W. It. Thomas. U B. Ed
wards, J. S. 15ixby, George Babcock, Thomas
Kelly. F. F. Meyers, Truman Reeves and
W. Mclntosh.
The band then struck up "America"
and all In the hall arose and mingled
their voices with the sweet strains. At its
conclusion the band played one "of Sousa's
stirring marches and the veterans filed
out. Every man carried with him his tin
cup and plate as a souvenir of the occa
sion. The success of the affair was due
to the following committee:
It Is a labor of love for me to respond to the
sentiment of the American soldier as he was
and as he Is. I have summered and wintered
with him, in victory and defeat in sunshine
and in *t»rm. in war and in peace. In brief,
we have drunk from the same canteen. I have
seen him natty and neat on the. parade, fit
for comparison with Europe's best troop*. (Ap
plause ) I have seen him In battle, when he
had ail the oarage passions of man aroused;
I have seen him tender and ready to share his
last drop with his enemy. I have seen him In
the deserts of Arizona. I have seen him In the
storms of Montana. I have seen him In the
Philippine*: on the road to Peking. I have
•e«n him tn camp and on the march. Joyous
and cheerfully submitting kindly to disci
pline, but at all times and under all circum
stances he has been a credit to himself and to
noble American manhood. (Applause.)
RECALLS GREAT EVENTS.
General Stewart then glanced in the gal
lery where the pictures of Sheridan,
Mea'de. Thomas, Garfleld, McPherson,
Hooker and other famous generals of the
war were hung, and with the skill of the
orator he pictured them in the battles
they were engaged in. He spoke at great
length and was frequently interrupted
with applause.
General Woodruff followed and delivered
a splendid eulogy on the American sol
dier. The general is a small man, but
possesses a big voice and his fame as an
orator was evidently well known, as he
wan accorded the closest attention. He
said: *v
General MaeArth-ur and ex-Governor
Bulkeley of Connecticut were called for,
but they were absent. General Thomas
J. Stewart, the ex-commander of the
Grand Army of the Republic, was ac
corded an ovation when he mounted a
chair to address his comrades. In part
he spoke as follows:
I am a little ahead of time owing to the
absence of two of the sneakers v/bo were to
precede me. I have been asked to ?ay a word
to the sentiment, "The Passing: of th» Granl
Army of the Republic." As applied to myself,
that seems to be particularly appropriate. I
am going up and out. But the sentiment as
signed take» me. aa it must take you, back
over the lapse of the mighty years of this great
republic, back to the stirring years of 01. when
there hovered over this nation and this people
dark and heavy cloud*, and upon our memory
to-nt^ht is written the memorable picture of
that time. We can bear again the call made
by the great Lincoln and all the highways and
byways of this great and wonderful country
of ours were filled with patriots coming with
hurrying feet and seeking the campflre of lib
erty. And to-night we. can follow the boys and
the men of that time ever the 2000 battlefields.
To-day this Grand Army of the Republic is
like a mighty forest in which all the great
oak« have been cut down, and as I look at
these people to-night my mind wanders back
to the Rebellion.
WILL COME HEBE AGAIN.
I shall take home to that youn? stalwart
State of Minnesota rrost happy recollections
of this, my first visit to this State, and you
can re»t assured that by and by. an we begin
to feel the growth of years, some of u» will
ccme out to make out homes among you. but
you need not look for me for some twenty-nye
or thirty yean. (Laughter.) I now solemnly
pledge myself to answer the rollcall at the next
national encampment to be held In this city
In 1320. fApplause.)
The land of our birth. •
Our own United Rates. (Great applause.)
General Ell Torrance was the next
speaker. He created a deal of merriment
at the outset of his address by saying
that if there were as many present on the
day of judgment as he saw before him,
it would be eminently successful. He re
pressed the cries of those who yelled
"Louder" by telling the following story:
Not Ions azo a friend of mine was called
upon to open a meeting like this with prayer.
He proce<tlrd to do so and in a low voice. He
had not rot far when some one yelled Loud
er'" and he stopped, onened his eyes and re
plied: "I am not addressing you, sir." (Ap
plauie.)
m*n and young v.omen, proud as *e trust you
are of the mighty heritage of the United States
of America, you can consistently bow low to
my comrade*, as th-y saved it tor you. Glory
to God lor It, and let me give you as a senti
ment:
Here's to the queen of the earth.
Priceless Display
Causes Much
Comment.
SEE RELICS
OF LINCOLN
Stirring Speeches at Camp/ire.
the seventeenth annual en
// campment of the Ladies of the
#y' Grand Army of the Republic
%J A teld yesterday Mrs. Belinda S.
Bailey of San Francisco was
elected national president to serve for the
ensuing year.
The contest was a spirited one. There
were many candidates in the field. Among
the most popular and most prominent
were Mrs. Mary T. Hager of Chicago
and Mrs. Foote of Colorado.
When it became evident that Mrs. j
Italley w£s the favorite Mrs. Foote, in :
a graceful speech, withdrew from the
candidacy.
Tr.' ;i the representatives of the thirty- i
five State* cf the Union with one accord
conferred the distinguished honor on Cali
fornia's candidate.
As Mrs. Bailey stppp^ forward to the
front of the platform she was accorded
a tremendous ovation, j She seemed visi
bly affected by the friendly display of
feeling accorded her and It was some
time before she could control herself suf
ficiently to speak. She said in part:
S'rtrrs of the Seventeenth Convention of the
ladies of the Grand Army: I thank you for
xhc h'ch hc>nor you have conferred on m.-.
TM , ls the proudest and wW affecting: eveift
of rnT life T" be the national president cf
this (rrand crr&~r of women wbo are wive* and
<lauirht<T* of that great imerican order • of no-
Hlirv the Midler* who ftupM the Civil War.
1 cornier the p-eatert Unoor that can come _ to
a~v woman of this country. «n<J I had ratnrr
have it than to be the wife of the i»n-siient of
the fnited State*. You shall hire the. b?st
powers of my mind, the richest emotions of
my heart, devoted ta the conserving and up
building of our association; and may Goo
grrant that ' at the conclusion of my term of
service I may have the respect and love of all
my sisters of the Grand Army of the Republic.
As soon as she finished speaking she
was surrounded by all the delegates, who
extended personal congratulations.
The election did not take place until
late in the afternoon, as there were many
points of interest to come up fqr dis
cussion during the early part of the day's
session.
During the recess a fine luncheon was
served in the spacious dining-room ad
joining the main hall. The walls of the
dining-room were hung v.ith long stream
ers of red. white and blue bunting, j The
menu was delicious and conviviality and
good fellowship reigned supreme.
The table decorations consisted of
bunches of long California ferns and here
and there clusters of tiny American flags.
The luncheon was provided by the la
dies of the Seven Pines Circle. Grand
Army ofithe Republic. About 200 ladles
enjoyed tne repast.
Mrs. Martha J. Finch, president of
Seven Plr.es Circle No. 3 of San Fran
cisco, acted as assistant guard. The -Seven
Pines Circle is thx> largest circle In the
Department of California.
During the day beautiful white cellu
loid badges tied with the national 'colors
were presented to the visiting ladies.
They were unique In their way and grace
ful "and appropriate souvenirs of this
grand and happy reunion.
Continued From Page 1, Column 6.
THOUGH hardworking days and
nights have been passed Blnce
the Grand Army of the Republic
Encampment was Inaugurated
in this city last Monday there
was not one sign of fatigue shown last
night by the noble women who compose
the Woman's Relief Corps. At the recep
tloiugiven In their honor by Lincoln Post
No. . 1 and Lincoln Relief Corps No. 3
they were full of strength and life.
The entertainment, which was held In
Pioneer Hall, was largely attended and
was bright and animated.
Mrs. C* Mason Kinne was busy looking
to the happiness of her comrades and was
assisted by Mrs.- Sarah D. Winans, na
tional president-elect; Mrs. Lodusky J.
Taylor, Mrs. Geraldine Frisble, Mrs. Har
ry J. Bodge, Mrs. Emma Stark Hampton,
Mrs. Charlotte Wright, Mrs. Sarah E.
Phillips, Miss J. Bross and Mrs. Emma B.
Leeds,
The evening was devoted to music and
recitations and greetings to visitors. Sol
diers distinguished for gallant service be
came for ' the nonce social heroes, and
everything was delightful and every one
was bubbling over with patriotic senti
ment.
The orchestra, from the United States
Thirteenth Infantry Band, a splendid or
chestra, too, came on from Fort .McDow
ell and dashed off spirited marches and
played exquisite waltzes and stirred the
THROMGS OF VETERANS EXJOY
A DAY IN NEARBY CITIES
blood with fine arrangpmenta of rational
rausir. which the assemblage ?an S .
Then Miss Ella McCloskey rendered soy- ,
eral vocal numbers in her own admirable
manner. Mrs. F. "Lansstroff save recita
tions and the Hawaiian Quintet of in
strumcntalists and vocalists added to the
already scored success of the evening by
renderins their own beautiful native com
positions. . , ' ,
Major Edwin W. Woodward, chairman
of the Woman's Relief Corps committee.
and Colonel Klnne were untiring in their
attention to the guests of the evemnR.
and no one was more popular in me Dig
and representative gathering than Gen
eral Shafter, who was besieged by nia
friends and by visitors that requested to
be Introduced to him.
During the reception many cama over
from Steinway Hall, where George H.
Thomas Post was also holding a love
feast, to take part In the great entertain
ment to the Woman's Belief Corps.
For long after the close of the muslcala
people dropped In and sat in groups en
joying a social chat and dainty refresh
ments.
To-night will be farewell night at Pio
neer Hall, when it is expected there will
be a great gathering. Adjutant C. J.
Handley is to preside and Comrade C.
Mason Kinne will deliver the farewell
address. Solos, duets, recitations and
speeches will follow and the orchestra
from the Thirteenth United States In
fantry band, under the direction of Band
master H. Trutner, will again be In at
tendance.
Business and Pleasure Are Combined
and delegates Spend Day
Strenuously.
Lincoln Relief Corps No. 3 Entertains
at Pioneer Hall, Receiving
Large Crowds.
MRS. B. S. BAILEY
MADE PRESIDENT
LISTEN TO SPEECH
BY COLONEL KINNE
LADIES OF THE G. A. R. HOLD SESSION AND ELECTION
THE SAN FBAIsCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 22, 1UU3.
4MEN CONSPICUOUS IN RE
CENT COMPLICATIONS j IN
THE BALKAN AFFAIR.
WASHINGTON', . Aug. 21.— Assistant Secre
tary Ryan has appointed Governor Brady of
Sitka and Louis L. Williams of Juneau. Alaska,
executive : commissioners for the ' Alaska ex
biblt at the ¦ St. Louis Exposition.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 21.— Instructions
have been given for the beginning of the
movement of troops to and. from the
Philippines, which will continue during
the autumn and winter. The Fourteenth
Cavalry and the Second Battalion of the
Seventh Infantry will sail on the Logon,
September 5-
Troops for the Philippines."
GRASS VALLEY. Aug. 21.— Fierce for
est fires are raging not far from town
and all afternoon and this evening a pall
of smoke has been hanging over the city.
One big stretch of country is blazing be
tween. h«>re and Rough and Ready and
the flames are being driven by a strong
southwesterly wind. - It is feared that
vast damage will result to pasture, fences
and outlying farm buildings. -
Forest Fires Do Great Damage.
On Sunday, Auguit 23. the California North
western Railway .- will run an excursion to
Uklnh. Bach ticket sold insures a seat, for
the company will not sell a single ticket above
the number of seats provided. Time of de
parture from Tlburon ferry will bo 8:30 a. m.
and from Uklah on the return 5 p. m. Train
will not stop In transit. \ Fare for the round
trip only $2. Tickets will be on sale commenc
ing Monday, August 17. at ticket offices, t&o
Market street (Chronicle building) and Tlburon
Reserved Seat Excursion.
NEW YORK, Aug. 21.— Samuel J. Parks,
the labor leader, charged with extortion
In demanding and receiving money from
various employers under threat ¦ that he
would. call strikes, was found guilty to
day. Recorder Goff remanded him until
Monday.
Labor Leader Convicted.
LONDON, Aug. 21.— The Turkish Em
bassador called -at the Foreign Office. to
day to make inquiries- regarding the r»
port that It was the Intention of the pow
ers to make a Joint naval demonstration
In Turkish waters and to enter a protest
if anything of, the kind was contemplated.
The Foreign Office officials made it clear
to him that Great Britain has taken "no
action of this character . and . it appears
as if Italy will also refrain from carrying
out her. decision 5 to dispatch L : warships to
Turkey, as the. Italian -embassy says .no
report of their, departure has yet been
received. -This is taken by the embassy
to Indicate* that there have been develop-
Ships of War Will Not Be Sent to
Turkey.
BRITAIN MAKES DENIAL.
GRASS VALLEY. Aug. 2l£-The bigges^
mining deal consummated here in recent
years has Just been made, whereby the
Empire West is deeded the: entire prop
erties of the Menlo and Omaha compa
nies". Both these mines include a num
ber of claims and a large tract of min
eral land. .They will be worked now on
extensive Dlans. The deal means much
for the future of the mining industry
here.
Big Mining Deal Is Consummated.
DUNDEE. Scotland. Aug. 21.— The
auxiliary relief ship Terra Nova, former
ly a Newfoundland steam whaler, sailed
to-day for the Antarctic regions to relieve
the British exploring vessel Discovery.
The Terra Nova has been fitted out by
the British Government, acting Indepen
dently, of the scientific societfes which
fathered the Discovery expedition.
Sails for the Antarctic.
LONG BEACH, Aag. 21.— Warren Cool-
Idge, said to be a wealthy farmer from
Redfern, S. D., fell off the wharf hero
late last night and was drowned. The
body has not been recovered. >
According to witnesses of the accident
Coolidge's hat blew off and In his at
tempt to recover It he lost his balance
and fell Into the sea. Those who saw
him fall endeavored to notify the authori
ties, but owing to the lateness of the
hour were unable to find any one. When
the story of the accident was related this
morning It was discredited, but subse
quently was confirmed by several eye
witnesses.
While Attempting to Catch His Hat
a South Dakotan Is
Drowned.
RICH FARMER FALLS
FROM WHARF TO DEATH
At Ocean Beach, two blocks below the
Cliff House. Sunday. August 23. Mile.
Anetl, the daring young lady aeronaut,
willmake a grand balloon ascension and
thrilling parachute leap. A fine vaude
ville programme will be given on the big
open air stage! and Blum's celebrated
band will render an afternoon concert of
popular music, commencing at 1 o'clock
sharp. Many new attractions. Grounds
perfectly sheltered in the new twenty
foot fence. • "• *
Coney . Island,
LONDON, Aug. 21. —According to a Bel
grade dispatch to the Daily Mail, the
Turkish troops, under the pretext of pur
suingrevolutlonary bands, have destroyed
the villages of Arinenska, Strobenia. Let
tsonani, Peckopanje, Nelkazl, Zelinich,
Patole and Banltza, massacreing the
women and children. The male inhabi
tants fled to the mountains and Joined
the insurgents.
Besides demanding the execution of . re
forms In Macedonia, Russia also demands
the concession of the, Black Sea cable,
now held by the Eastern Telegraph Com
pany, a British concern. .
Turks Destroy Many Towns and
Slaughter . the Inhabitants.
WOMEN ARE MASSACRED.
BERLIN, Aug. 21.— Konrad von Filltz,
an actor, was to-day sentenced to nine
months' Imprisonment on a charge of
lese majeste in libeling the German Em
peror In his, Jokes at the theater. The
alleged offense was committed at the
German Theater at The Hague at the
time when the Emperor was j honoring
Field Marshal Lord Roberts in Berlin.
Actor Incurs Kaiser's Wrath.
PARIS, Aug. 21.— Official advices say the
Russian squadron off Iniada is likely to
leave Turkish waters within the next few
days, as the Turkish Government has
given adequate assurances that it will
meet all the Russian demands. The with
drawal of the warships will . be chiefly
due. to Turkey's assurances, but also to
Russia's desire to avoid a step which
might appear antagonistic to Bulgaria.
RUSSIANS TO DEPART.
Warships Are Likely to Sail in a
Few Days. /
LONDON, Aug. 22.— From a Russian
official source at Belgrade It Is asserted
that King Peter twice within ten days
has threatened to abdicate, not only per
sonally but on behalf of the Karageorge
vltch dynasty, if ; the present distracting
situation In the Servian capital continues.
Servia's Ruler Is Not Content With
the Conditions in the
Capital.
KING PETER THREATENS
TO LEAVE THE. THRONE
can only have the result of giving a great
impetus to the revolutionary movement.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 21.— Champion
James J. Jeffries arrived in Los Angeles
to-day from San Francisco. When asked
If he would fight Monroe in this city.
JeffrieE replied: "I will fight him. cer
tainly. I would like to fight in Los An
gelej», too, and will make Monroe any
sort cf terms he likes. 1 will meet any
body but a negro."
Jeffries Willing to Meet Monroe.
CRIMMITZCHAU. Saxony, Aug. 2L—
About 7500 textile workers of this district
have struck for shorter hours of labor.
The police broke up four meetings be
cause non-resident officials of the Textile
Workers' Union addressed them. A fifth
mass meeting was allowed to continue.
Labor Discontent in Saxony.
KALAMAZOO. Mich., Aug. 21.— E. B.
McArthur, a stockman from Saco, Mont.,
was stabbed in the stomach with a hat
pin by an unknown woman on the street
here to-day. He was passing along on
the sidewalk in a large crowd when a
small boy brushed a little feather duster
In a woman's face. The woman, thinking
It was McArthur, grabbed her hat pm
and jabbed it Into his stomach. McAr
thur cannot live. The Identity of tha
woman is unknown.
Angry Woman Thinks Small Boy's
Prank Was His Deed and
Strikes Back.
STOCKMAN IS FATALLY
STABBED WITH HATPIN
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 21.— Walter Cas
tle, better known as "Arizona Bill," came
down from Nevada to-day for the pur
pose of running down the escaped Fol-
Bom convicts. Bill had become impatient
over the failure of the man hunters to
make a catch and he deemed it time
that something was doing. He felt him
self fully equal'to the task of rounding
up at least three of the convicts and he
visited Sacramento for the purpose of
equipping himself with the proper arma
ment Bill purchased a $50 rifle, £ belt'
filled with cartridges and two revolvers,
and started forth.
It happened, however, that "Arizona
Bill" had a wide acquaintance in local
sporting circles and It was not long be
fore he was in the condition described as
"four-thirds" full. Bill looked and felt
warlike when he finally headed for the
American River bridge district. He
paused at intervals-, to sight his rifle at
an imaginary convict behind a tree and
struck terror to the housewives along his
route. Doors were double barred, chil
dren ran fcr shelter and word was sent
to the police that an escape convict, fully
armed, had just entered a corner saVoon.
The. patrol wagon with four officers hur
ried to the Bcene. "Arizona Bill" was
taken aboard and he is now in the hobo
cell, fighting convicts in his sleep. ' Bill
protested that If he had been let alone
he would have caught his men before mid
night.
Gets Drunk Before Starting Out on
the Trail and Terrorizes Sac
ramento Residents.
AMATEUR MAN HUNTER
WINDS UP IN PRISON
Powell Clayton Is Forced to Take
to His Bed After Va
cation.
MEXICO. Aug. 21.— Powell Clayton.
United States Embassador. who has Just
returned from his vacation. Is in very
poor health and is now confined to his
bed.
AMERICAN EMBASSADOR
VERY ILL IN MEXICO
SAN JOSE. Aug. 21.— A trust deed of
the road, running: stock and terminals of
the San Jose-Los Gatos fhterurban Elec
tric Railway made in favor of the Ger
mania Trust ¦ Company of St. Louis was
filed in the Recorder's office to-day. The
instrument Is to secure an issue of $500,000
bonds taken by the trust company. The
bonds bear 5 cent interest.
The San Jose-Los Gatos Interurban
Railway Company is capitalized at $2,000 -
©00. Besides the issue of the $500,000 bonds,
which the trust deed made to-day covers,
the directors have also been authorized
to Issue $1,500,000 additional bonds if they
choose for an extension of the road. The
line to Los Gatos and Saratoga will be
completed in two months.
fian Jose-Los Gatos Road Secures
a Bond Issue of Five Hundred
Thousand Dollars.
INTERTJRBAN RAILWAY
FILES A TRUST DEED
. "When the Bulgarian bands entered
Krushevo they occupied the Greek quar
ter, hoisting their flag over a Greek house.
The Turkish troops arrived August 12.
All the KomitaJIs had already gone, ex
cepting about 400 local men. Although no
shot was fired from the town, the Turks
commenced a bombardment, which was
continued ' throughout August 13. The
shells destroyed 360 houses, 215 shops and
all the fine, large Greek and Vlach (Wal
lachian) houses. The Greek church was
destroyed. The Bulgarian quarter escaped.
The Turks entered the town August 14,
pillaged all the houses, assaulted many
of the .women, stripped many persons
naked and killed about 300 local Bulgar
ians and also some sixty Innocent Greeks
and Vlachs: About 8000 people are home
less and starving. The material damage
done amounts to several million francs.
The Turks on August 19 massacred 200
Bulgarians, who surrendered at a village
near Monastir.
SALONICA, European Turkey, Aug. 21.
A correspondent at Monastir send the fol
lowing dispatch under date:
Correspondent Tells of Recent Ap
palling Scenes at Krushevo.
SHOTS AND SLAUGHTER.
ments making the step inadvisable or un
necessary at the present moment, per
haps due to the Turkish acceptance of the
Russian demands, which was confirmed
at the Turkish embassy.
The . negotiations respecting Macedonia
are conducted on the Continent, Foreign
Secretary Lansdowne and most of the
Embassadors being away , from , London.
The Turkish Embassador leaves London
to-morrow for the country, where he will
remain for some days.
The .diplomats point out that the scheme
for a, settlement of the Macedonian ques
tion outlined by, the Independence Beige
yesterday could not be approved' by the
powers, as It is evident Turkey would
never submit to a peaceful occupation of
the .Bosphorus and the Dardanelles. A
Turkish official eald thi3 could only en
gender fighting.
MONTREAL, Aug. 21.— At to-day's ses
sion of the Chamber of Commerce of the
empire resolutions were passed urging- the
British Government to order a full In
quiry Into the unsatisfactory working of
the trademark law; that all chambers
should make recommendations for the
assimilation of the various patent laws,
and the reduction of expenses in connec
tion therewith: that the British Govern
ment be urged to hurry the codification
of commercial laws and that the Imperial
Government be urged to remove the em
bargo on Canadian cattle.
Chambers of Commerce of the Em
pire Pass Resolutions at
Montreal.
MERCHANTS OF BRITAIN
WANT BETTER LAWfl
Russia's move in sending warships to
Turkish waters has caused surprise in
diplomatic circles and disapproval, and
regret in Government quarters. The feel-
Ing expressed here is that It can only
do harm in inclining the insurgents, who
are ignorant of the complications of . Eu
ropean politics, to the belief that Russia
is supporting their cause against the
Turks. It is also conjectured that,.Rus
sia having apparently acted without first
consulting Austria, some rifts have oc
curred in the concert of the powers.
Whatever may be the explanation the
feeling here is that Russia's movement
At Kratovo half of the Turkish garrison
has deserted, the men saying that they
had enough to do at home. The Turkish
authorities have mobilized their whole
forces in Macedonia, numbering 18,000
men. A large body of Asiatic troops is
ready to move. Twenty-four regiments
are only awaiting their marching orders.
The Macedonian revolutionary organi
zations are levying heavy assessments on
the rich Macedonians resident in Bul
garia. They J *have drawn" up a complete
list of names, with the amounts to be
demanded against each.
The Sofia Dnevjik declares that all the
Turkish vilayets in Macedonia will be in
full lcvolt August 28 and that the revo
lution isfeprcadlng from Salonlca into the
districts toward Seres. Several new
bands have appeared in the district of
Voden, southeast from Monastir. ,A gen
eral panic prevails in the vilayet of Us
kub, where the Inhabitants ) are hiding
their property. The Turkish and Chris
tian inhabitants at Kumanovo have
agreed to mutually support each other in
the event of an attack either by Insurgent
bands or Turkish soldiers.
REVOLT IS SPREADING.
The insurgents completely burned Vasil
iko and also twelve villages In the neigh
borhood. The Bulgarian officials arrest
ed the insurgents who brought the Turk
ish officials at Vasiliko to the Bulgarian
frontier. Severe fighting Is reported to
be proceeding near Gehgele, with heavy
losses on both sides.
The peculiar danger of the latest out
break lies In Its proximity to the Bulga
rian frontier, thus .creating a Bituation
long foreseen and dreaded by the Sofia
Government. The Turks are now certain
to send a considerable force to thl3 terri
tory to suppress the outbreak, which will
necessitate the strengthening of the Bul
garian troops along the frontier. With
the two armies close to each other under
the present strained relations the situa
tion becomes extremely desperate. The
Bulgarian Government Is taking every
possible step to puevent a calamity, but
officials express the greatest concern.
In addition to the danger of a collision
between the military forces there is the
smaller one of populaT excitement get
ting beyond control and forcing the Gov
ernment to adopt a belligerent attitude.
Meanwhile the community remains quiet,
even the Macedonian' part of the popula
tion showing no popular anxiety and en
thusiasm.
The Insurgents ' burned the villages
around Vasiliko and attacked a Turkish
military post at the monastery of Elijah,
south of Tirnovo. The eastern part of
the Adrianople vflayet is a mountainous
region and the villages are few and scat
tered. The strength of the insurgents is
unknown. It is thought that the out
break Is not an organized movement, but
is intended as a divei^lon to draw the
Turkish troops from the other districts.
PERIL OF BULGARIA.
The most alarming news relates to an
outbreak covering a considerable area In
the eastern part of the Adrianople vil
ayet, where the Insurgents have captured
the town of Vasiliko. They took the
chief Turkish officials prisoners j and
brought them to the Bulgarian frontier,
where they liberated them. The Turkish
officials, fearing to return to Vasiliko,
sought refuge with the Bulgarian author
ities, who sent them to a hotel in Burgas,
where they are at liberty to remain or de
part.
SOFIA, Aug. 21.— All the dis
patches received here to-night in
dicate that the revolution In Mac
edonia in spreading. The situa
tion is 'causing intense anxiety in
official circles. - ......
Miss Whitehead and Saunders were
taken out In an unconscious condition and
Jones was hurt Internally. Miss Sharpe
sustained severe bruises. Their vehicle
was completely demolished and both
horses were badly injured. .Neighbors
rendered valuable assistance or ail four
people would have undoubtedly been
killed by the fractious horses. None of
the Mulhern party were injured. Miss
Sharpe lost some valuable Jewelry, In
cluding a diamond ring and a gold watch.
M. F. Cochrane and brother, Drs. Hen
neker and Stoll and J. Mulcahy and party
are seme of those who have gone over the
Escalle grade.
SAN RAFAEL. Aug. 21.— For the
eleventh time within the paBt year a seri
ous accident has occurred on the Escalle
grade. A surrey party, consisting of Misses
Eva Whitehead and Mary Sharpe and
Attorney John A. Saunders of San Fran
cisco and A. W. Jones of San Rafael, col
lided last night with a tally-ho party,
consisting of ten people from Larkspur,
with Frank Mulhern as whip. The two
vehicles met on a narrow portion of the
road directly opposite the Escalle station.
Saunders and his party were en route to
San Rafael, while Mulhern and his
friends were returning home. T.&e two
rigs came together with violent force and
the lighter one with all four occupants
was precipitated down an embankment,
landing thirty feet below against a wire
fence guarding the North Shore Railroad
tracks.
Collision Throws Their Surrey Down
an Embankment and Four
Persons Are Hurt.
PLEASURE SEEKERS MEET
WITH SERIOUS ACCIDENT
Fears That Acceptance of a Vice
Presidency Will limit Their
Freedom.
BERLIN, Aug. 21.— The' Socialists are
entitled to have appointed from their
party one of the three vice presidents of
the Reichstag, on account of their in
creased representation, and the other par
ties appear willing to concede this.
The Socialist leaders, however, dltf-»r
as to whether they ought to accept t>e
offer, because it would limit their co»
plete freedom of obstruction and oppost
tion- Herr Bebel takes this view, bet
Herr Bernstein favor3 accepting. Th«
Socialists of Munich rejected the idea &7
a majority of eighteen yesterday, whll^
Stuttgart voted for It.
SOCIALISTS ARE DIVIDED
OVER. REICHSTAG OFFICE
BERLIN. Aug. 21.— The members of the
United States Monetary Exchange Com
mission, after leaving St. Petersburg-,
went to Stockholm, where the Commis
sioners finished their report, which has
been mailed to Washington. H. H. Hanna
of Indianapolis went to England and Pro
fessor Jeremiah W. Jenks of New York
and Charles A. Conant of New York are
here for a day or two, having unofficial
conferences with bankers regarding the
Chinese currency question.
France has not yet given a definite re
ply to the proposal that she should maka
periodical purchases of silver and may
agree to do so in creating the colonial
currency, which is now under considera
tios by the French Government.
Results of the Conference Held in
Europa Are Sent to Wash
ington.
cojranssioiraiis hail
THEIR MONETARY EEPOET
The conclusion is drawn that the in
creased growth of the East and tne de
creased • growth of the West may be con
nected with a probable decline in the cur
rent of westward migration. The rate3 of
increase In the North and South during
the last twenty years were practically the
same. But In the character of this growth
the two regions differ widely, there be
ing a relatively uniform growth over the
whole South, equalized by a balance In
the North between a lower rate«pf rural
growth and a higher rate of urban
growth.
Extensive but sparsely settled areas in
the western parts of Kansas, Nebraska
and South Dakota show a decline of pop
ulation in the last ten years, a fact which
It is said may be connected with the in
"crease of population in many agricultural
countes of Iowa, Illinois and adjoining
States, 1890 to 1900.
The most noteworthy result of the en
tire discussion, it Is said. Is the cumula
tive evidence of the rapid approach to
equality In the rates of increase of vari
ous parts of the United States. This- ap
pears whether North be compared with
South. East with West, or city with coun
try. " '
The rates of increase on the two sides
of the Northern Atlantic differ much less
than they did a generation ago. Among
the five main divisions of continental
Unfjed States the highest rate of increase
is found in the Western division and the
lowest In the North Central. Among the
eleven minor divisions the highest rate of
growth is found in the Rocky Mountain
group of States, closely followed by the
Western South Central; the lowest in
the Northern South Atlantic, closely fol
lowed by the Western North Central.
In the decade 1S90 to 1900, for the first
time in our national history, the Southern
States Increased faster than the North
ern. East Of the Mississippi River, how
ever, the Northern States as a group
have grown in the past ten years some
what more rapidly than the Southern, but
west of that river the Southern States
have Increased almost two aud one-half
times as rapidly as the Northern, and it
is this fact which makes the growth of
the South as a whole exceed that of the
North. In the North Atlantic division
the rate cf Increase has risen steadily
since the Civil War, a notable contrast
to the trend in the country as a whole.
The region west of the Mississippi River
is still Increasing faster than east o* It.
but the difference between the rates of
growth in the two regions. ISiX) to 1900,
was little more than one-fifth cf what it
was from 1SS0 to 1S90. The region west
of the Mississippi increased more rapidly
from 1S00 to 1900 than from 1SS0 to 1S30.
while that west of the Mississippi River
increased in the later decade not much
more than half as rapidly as In the
earlier.
The Increase in the population of con
tinental United States, that is. the United
States exclusive of Alaska and the recent
insular accessions, was 13.046.SS1, or 20.7
per cent. Only one country. Argentina,
has shown by the most recent figures a
more rapid rate of growth- The present
rate of growth In continental United
States Is estimated as double the average
rate of Europe. It nearly doubles that of
Canada and exceeds by one-sixth that of
Mexico and by one-tenth that of Austra
lia.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 21.— The Census
Bureau has published as a bulletin a dis
cussion on the Increase of population In
the United States, as shown by the cen
sus of 1500. * - .
The principal results of a study of these
figures are summarized as follows:
WIDEWATER, Va., Aug. 21— Langley's
big aerodrome was placed in position on
the superstructure of the houseboat late
thl3 afternoon. The whole airship force
worked on the body, arranging machinery
and adjusting the wings, until sundown.
The flying machine was then returned to
the Interior. It was the first time that
it has been exposed to the press repre
sentatives. Her machinery and dimen
sions were plainly visible. Amidships is a
great mass of wheels, rods, boilers, pis
tons and various other mechanical de
vices. It is exceedingly complicated. The
body consists of several long steel bars
centrally located. With bowsprit and
rudder it will measure sixty feet.
Close to the motor is the navigator's
car. This is built for a weight of 150
rounds. It probably will carry Professor
Langley, who was In it repeatedly this
afternoon. The gasoline motor, which
weighs 200 pounds, generates something
In excess of twenty-seven horsepower. It
is connected by bars to propellers about
six feet in diameter and capable of re
volving 1200 times per minute. The mo
tive power is sufficient to produce a ve
locity of forty miles per hour. Placed
equally about the ship are five empty con
ical bodies designed as floats to keep the
airship up should she strike the water.
Fore and aft are two strong platforms
on each side to support the wings. These
are of delicate but rigid construction,
twenty by thirty feet, affording a sus
taining area of 800 square feet. During
the work repeated photographs of the ma
chine were made. The wings were placed
in compartments on the superstructure
and repeatedly adjusted. With good
weather conditions a test is expected
Saturday.
Flying Machine Is Placed
on Houseboat Roof for
Adjustment.
Parts of Country Are Fast
Approaching Equality
in Increase.
The Associated Press correspondent Is
f.ble to confirm, from the best source at
KctHeld. the Lancet's sta.tement that
Jyord Salisbury Is suffering from Bright's
diff&se. The ex-Premier has been suf
fering from this malady for years and
has been practically dying: since Whitsun
tide. His condition was aggravated by
the recent fall from his chair. He has
been practically unconscious for the past
twenty-four hours.
LONDON*. Aug. 21.— Since the bulletin
issued Thursday night announcing that
the condition of Lord Salisbury was crit
ical, the members of the family. Includ
ing Viscount Cranborne, Lord Arthur
Cecil, Lord Robert Cecil, the Rev. Lord
William Cecil, Lady Gwendolin Cecil, the
Esrl and Countess of Selborne and Pre
mier A. J. Balfour, who came from Scot
ler.d, have gathered in the vicinity of the
sick room awaiting the final call. It is
realized that de^th is inevitable, though
the pauent is making a wonderful strug
gle. For the past twenty-four hours he
has been fighting for every breath, helped
by a continual supply of oxygen. The
heart •weakness, which has keen the most
dangerous feature Fince the patient's last
seizure, is houriy becoming accentuated,
and the Marquis is gradually sinking
away, llje does not sufTer much pain and
has only 'brief periods of consciousness.
Telegrams poured in all day from nota
ble men throughout the world. Late in
the afternoon Kir.g Edward telegraphed
for additional information, though his
Majesty had been Informed by telegraph
There was a continual stream to-day of
callers in carriages and on foot.
Hatfield House, the family seat, where
the former Premier lies dying, is a
gloomy structure, although one of the
riiOEt magnificent remaining specimens of
Elizabethan architecture. It is situated
In a magnificent park which skirts the
quaint town of which the Marquis of
Salisbury is practically the owner. He
•was always regarded there as the type of
England's greatest nobles, and he re
tained the love and respect of all his
tenants and neighbors, which he recipro
cated in many ways, especially by open
ing Hatfield Park completely for the use
of the townspeople und residents of the
vicinity, reserving only a small portion
for his own use. This afternoon while
the statesman lay flying boys were play
ing cricket la the brilliant 6'jnshine on
the smooth lawns within earshot of the
i»rpretentious room occupied by the pa
tient. This, his favorite room, overlooks
the old-fashioned and historic gardens
where Queen Elizabeth walked and
where. It is said, ehe received the first
announcement that she ¦was Queen. While
on one elde the cricketers laughed and
chaffed each other, on the other side, and
almost equidistant from th© house, was
•in cminous contrast, for there the work
men were finishing the grave of the
Countess of Halloway, Lord Salisbury's
half-sister, in the family burying ground.
The Countess died a few days ago, but it
i= said that Lord Salisbury was not in
formed of her death. Her funeral Trill
take place at her request at Hatfield at
noon to-morrow.
Newspaper correspondents representing
the whole press of the United Kingdom
are gathered at Hatfield anxiously await
ing further news.
The relapse commenced at 1 a. m. The
former Premier is now weaker and un
conscious.
LONDON', Aug. 22— S:30 a. m.— Lord
Salisbury is still alive, but has become
ellghtly worse since the early hours of the
morning.
PARIS, Aug. 21.— The Federal Council
of Switzerland has advised Dr. Lardy, the
Swiss Minister here and one of three ar
bitrators appointed by the Czar to de
cide the claim for preferential treatment
made by the three allied powers (Ger
many. Great Britain and Italy) in the
settlement with Venezuela, that it does
not^-deslre him to act as arbitrator, aa
Switzerland "nas Interests similar to those
of the other powers, which have been
committed to the German representative
at The Hague court. Consequently Dr.
Lardy has declined to serve as arbitrator.
Wayne MacVeagh, senior counsel 'of the
United States in the Venezuelan arbi
tration, was not surprised at Switzer
land's action in the case of Dr. Lardy,
but he expressed regret lest it might put
off the organization of the court so Ions
that its assembling September 1 would
be impossible. However, all hope of a
meeting of that date is not yet given up.
Rate Is Estimated to Be
Double That of
Europe.
Press Representatives
Have First Sight
of Devices.
Telegrams From All Over
the World Received at
Hatfield House.
Settlement of the Preferential
Treatment Claim
Delayed.
RAPID GROWTH
IN POPULATION
LANGLEY EXPOSES
AIRSHIP TO VIEW
Death Prom His Illness
Is Considered In
evitable.
Minister Lardy Cannot
Arbitrate in Vene
zuela Case.
BRAVE STRUGGLE
OF SALISBURY
SWISS OPPOSE
CZAR'S SELECTION
Bulgaria Fears an Early Clash With Turkish Spl|iefs|^us|
sia Is Expected to Withdraw Her Warships.
REVOLUTIONISTS MARGH WITH SWORD AND TORCH,
STRIKING TERROR INTO THE MACEDONIAN HOMES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 22, 1903.
5
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
The above will cheerfully be paid in
lawful money of the United States, by
the undersigned, proprietors of Doctor
Pierce'9 Golden Medical Discovery, if
they cannot show the original signature
of the individual volunteering the testi-
monial below, and also of every testimo-
nial among the thousands which they
are constantly publishing attesting the
superior curative properties of their sev-
eral medicines, and thus proving the
genuineness and reliability of all the
multitude of testimonials volunteered by
grateful people, in their behalf.
World's Dispensary Mkdical As-
sociation, Proprietors, Buffalo, N. Y.
THE REASON.— There is no medi-
cine equal to* Doctor Pierce's Golden
Medicar Discovery, for purifying the
blood. It carries off the poisons which
contaminate the life fluid. It increases
the activity of the blood-making glands
and gives the body an increased supply
of pure, body-building blood. It build"!
up the body with sound, healthy flesh
instead of flabby fat, promotes the ap-
petite, feeds the nerves, and so gives
to weak nervous people vitality and
vigor.
"This Is to certify that I have used Dr. Pierce'*
Golden Medical Discovery and think It's the
rrandest medicine in the world." writes Mrs.
V. M. Younsf, of 'Weir, West Va. "I took
down sick six months ago and called in our
physician and he jrave me medicine but I grew
worse. He said I had dyspepsia In its wont
form. I dedded to try your medicine and began
to improve. I nsea "five bottles, two of the
'Golden Medical Discovery" and three of 'Fa-
vorite Prescription,' and now I am doinqr mv
own housework. A number of tny lady fnend*
also are usin? Dr. Pierce's medicine and they
recommend ft highly. May God bless and
prosper you in your grand work."
To gain knowledge of your own body
—in sickness and health — send for the
People's Common Sense Medical Ad-
viser. A book of 1008 pages. Send
31 cents in stamps for paper-covered,
or. 31 stamps for cloth - bound copy.
Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, 663 Main
Street, Buffalo, N. Y.'
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE WAY WE DO IT
In :he line of washing, starching,
ironing 2nd generally laundering
men's linen seems to have caught the
fancy cf our male patrons. No reason
•:i the world why we cannot please
husband, father, son and bachelo.*
with our manner of "dcing up" their
washable belongings. Your patronage
is solicited.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
orncE 1004 market stbezt,
<"\ Near PowelL
/^&gj, BATTLE CfUKCiS>
$-;f KIDNEY^ SK" 1
/\»^^ For Blight's disease, brick dnf 1
ccj^)£;t, bed-wetting, gravel, dropsy, dlabetef
and rhf craatism. fiend 25 cent* in 2c stamps U
Jr. F. Mrnurney. 418 8.Fpringet., Los Angelci
Ci»., for 5 d&ys tre&txa't. Prepaid f L50. Druggist.The charitable associations of San Francisco have
united in an endeavor to secure for the waifs and
the stranded little ones of the city desirable homes in
the country. No worthier purpose could guide the
activities of public institutions, for both the metropo
lis and the country will be served. The city will pro
tect its charges from temptation and the country will
have the honor of breeding good men and women
alive to the responsibilities of decent citizenship.
SINCE well-nigh everybody in the United States
and Great Britain is at this time keenly inter
ested in the contest for the America's cup «by
the fleetest two racing yachts ever put upon the seas,
it will doubtless be interesting to many to learn that
the America, the gallant old yacht that brought the
cup as a trophy to New York, is. still in existence
and, in most respects, is a good craft yet.
She lies at present in a snug berth near Chelsea
Bridge, at Boston, and the Globe of that city. has
recently published an elaborate'account. of her career.
Her story is romantic enough to make a historical
novel. After winning, in 1851, the yachting cup that
now bears her name, she was sold by her American
owners to an English yachtsman, Lord John ,de
Blacquiere, who, after using her for two years, ; sold
her to Lord. Templeton. In 1859 she was bought
by a speculator who, after refitting her, sent her to
the West Indies for a cruise; and in 1860^ at the out
break of the Civil War, she was bpught by the Con
federates and used as a blockade runner, in the gov
ernment service. In 1862 she was- sunk by the Con
federates in a creek near P*aiatka,Fla., to prevent her
capture by a United States squadron operating along
the coast. In due time, however, she was taken, and
having been successfully raised from the bottom of
the shallow creek, was 'towed to Port Royal, where
she was repaired and fitted out- as a vessel of the
Union navy. •-
In that capacity she served until the close of the
Civil War, when she was sent to Annapolis. ', where
THE AMERICA'S CAREER
It seems certain now that the powers of Europe,
with the possible exception of Germany, have deter
mined upon a concerted demonstration against Tur
key just as the sick man of Europe has rebellious
Macedonia on his hands. How strange it is that the
nations of the Old World find more to concern them
in the murder of a consular representative than in
the bloody massacre of hundreds of persecuted, help
less Jews. It speaks well for the power of Russia.
AUSTRALIA seems destined to present the
world with a continuous show of social prob
lems. Her latest in that line is a census report
revealing a birth rate so low that it barely exceeds
that of France. Sociologists are having a hard time
in their efforts to find out the cause of the low rate.
The doctrine of Malthus does not apply, for Australia
is a new land, with a rich soil and a scant population,
and there is no pressure upon the' food supply. The
doctrine of Francis Walker that the low birth rate
in New England is due to the pressure of foreign
immigration, which has lowered the standard of liv
ing, does not fit the Australian situation, for there
has been no heavy immigration to any of the prov
inces. Neither does the theory of the French econo
mists that the low birth rate in France is due to law
requiring a division of the real estate of the parents
equally among the. children fit the case in Australia,
for no such law exists there arid no land scarcity is
feared.
In short, none of the prevalent theories of the
cause of a decline in birth rate, fits the requirements
of the Australian situation. The Australians are not
a weak, a decadent nor a degenerate people. On
the contrary, they are the first descendants of a race
of pkmeers and all the world knows that pioneers are
among the strongest of men and women. Neverthe
less, the facts are indisputable. For one reason or
another, the Australians are averse to marriage and
to children and are breeding hardly fast enough to
keep up the population.
A" summary of the report of Dr. Coghlan, the
Government statistician of New South Wales, says:
"He gives the birth rate per iooo inhabitants of the
various states as follows: West Australia, 30.49; Tas
mania, 28.39: Queensland, 28.36; New South Wales,
27.60; New Zealand, 26.30; Victoria, 25.77, and South
Australia, 25.09. More trustworthy information, he
thinks, can be obtained by comparing the number of
married women under the age of 45, years' with the
number of births. In 1901 in New South Wales there
only 235 birthsper 1000 of married women of child
bearingage, while in 1886 there were 339. He gives
the following as .the legitimate birth rates T ori -this
basis: .Victoria, 228.6; New South .Wales, 235.3;
South Australia, 235.9; West Australia, 243.9; New
Zealand, 246.1; Queensland, 254; Tasmania, 260.C In
1 89 1 t" the average for Australasia 7 was about '276 per
iooo, while the average of the foregoing rates is 239.
The illegitimate birth is slightly lo\ver> than for some
years, being 16.23 in 1891, so this in no way accounts
for the falling off of other births." ' V/ ; '
That is *a hard showing for a. new country whose
people have so' much ambition as the Australians.
It seems to be. a land where race .suicide is practiced
as a part of. the general scheme of state socialism,
and perhaps the two things may be more; closely re
lated than aooears on the surface.
Reverend father, no words of mine can ade
quately express the feelings of sympathy felt
for you. not only by the people of St. Domi
nic's parish, but all who have had the good
fortune of knowing you. on account of the guf
fexin? you have experienced since the painful
injuries you received end which has separated
you from us bo long.
We know but too well how your life of self
denial and duty as a priest has deprived you
of the ordinary means other men have at hand
to aid them in their recovery In times of trou
ble and distress. Thla committee, reverend
sir. representing a few of your friends, has
called here to-day to offer you our congratu
lations and our thanks to God that a life so
eloquent of Christian effort and zeal in the
past and so full of like hope and promise in
the future has been Bpared to them and our
holy church.
We hope, therefore, that you will accept this
small offering as a token of the love and es
teem In which we hold you. and the wlah that
ere long you may be "restored In health and
vigor to your flock.
Father O'Neil was , overcome by the
emotions incident to the unexpected gift
and the heartfelt expression of warm feel
ing of regard which accompanied it and
was unable to make a reply other than
to thank his many friends from his Inner
most heart for the marked kindness
meted to him.
The following gentlemen comprised the
committee: George M. Kelly, P. J. Me-'
Kebn, M. Farrell, E. Kenny, G. S. Olsen,
Dr. T. E. Shumate, J. McManus, F. A.
Snead, M. O. Connell, E. J. Gallagher,
John Murray, William Burke, Thomas
Crawford, Luke Carroll, M. C. Hassett,
R. O'Connor, John Doherty. P. Daly, Dr.
J. F. Gibbon, Daniel Sheerin, C. McLean,
J. F. Miller, M. J. .Carroll, R. P. Merril-
Hon, Thomas F. Loughran, A. McKay, X.
Barry, Dr. S. Stillman.
The' committee assembled in the parlor
of St. Joseph's Hospital and George M.
Kelly, acting as chairman, made the in
troductory remarks, following which he
introduced M. C. Hassett, who in a mas
terly and eloquent address made the pres
entation. He said in p'art:
The esteem in which Rev. J. L. O'Neil,
O. P., editor of Domlnicana, is held by
the people of this city regardless of creed
was manifested the other day at St. .Jo
seph's Hospital, where the priest had
been confined for twelve weeks, suffering
from the effects of a painful and almost
fatal accident, in which he sustained a
broken arm and other Injuries. Here ho
was presented with a generous purse,
which had been contributed by admiring
friends.
Popular Priest Is Eemembered Dur
ing His Illness by Friends
of All Creeds.- •
AUSTRALIAN BIRTH: RATE.
FATHER O'NEHj GIVEN
GENEBOUS TESTIMONIAL
NO insurrection that has afflicted the European
continent has shown such stubborn persist
ence as that instigated by the Macedonian
comxrmtee and raging in the Balkans. The Turkish
frontier is nearly equally divided in population be
tween Christians and Mahometans, and, as is always
the case in such contacts, each party is more fanatical
than when the distance between them is wider.
The Government of the empire of Turkey is a
spectacle of sodden administration, excelled only by
the ignorance, theft and brutality of the Latin-Amer
ican states. Taxes are farmed out and the contract
ors extort far beyond the natural burden of govern
ment, exacting as they are. In the districts of mixed
religions the laws, of course, are administered by
Turks, who do not exert themselves to be easy on
their Christian neighbors. When added to these
sins of misgovernment and oppression by public
authority is constant friction over religious differ
ences, there is presented the saddest situation that
afflicts the modern world.
The Balkan Christians seem determined to persist
until they compel a European war. They succeed
in exasperating the Turks to murder foreign Consuls
in the border towns, and possibly do not scruple to
take a pot shot at a Consul under circumstances that
make the crime chargeable to the Mahometans. Rus
sia has lost two or three of her Consular representa
tives in this way, and the Sultan has nearly exhausted
his list of apologies to the Russian Minister in Con
stantinople. The Austrian, French and Italian Con
suls feel very insecure and would accept a bomb
proof or cancellation of their exequatur with equal
pleasure.
The causes of the contention are as old as the
appearance of the Turk in Europe. For a long time
the Turks dominated Southeastern Europe and
threatened Austria and Russia. They ruled far up
the Danube, and had it not been for John Sobieski,
the Pole, would have entered and held Vienna. In
diplomacy they have been as successful as formerly
in war. Seated in a country that every Continental
nation would gladly own, they are protected by the
unwillingness of them all to let any one get' it
The Christians of Southeastern Europe have never
Ceased in their fanatical hatred of the Turk, and the
Turk has paid it back to the Christian, with interest
The present war is characterized on both sides by
abandoned savagery. The Christians burn mosques
full of worshiping Mahometans like rats in a straw
stack, and massacre with an indiscrimination that is
equaled only by the Turks themselves.
There seems to be no scarcity of guns and ammu
nitions among the insurgents, while Ttirkey—bank
rupt, corrupt, wicked and degenerate — has only the
unfailing magazine of .Moslem" fanaticism to draw
upon. It is the belief of the Macedonian committee
that if the contest can be kept up long enough, Chris
tian Europe, and especially the nations that border
on the bloody scene, will be compelled to interfere.
It is a pitiful commentary on European and Christian
statesmanship that mutual jealousy between the
Christian powers is the actual cause of the Balkan
situation. Motives of state and dynastic ambitions,
pride of position and fear of a change in the balance
of power keep the Turk in Europe and Europe in a
turmoil.
WAR IN THE EAST.
W. W. Chapin, a well known resident of
Sacramento, is at the Palace.
F. G. Flanagan, a mining man of Au
burn, is registered at the Lick.
S. Mitchell, cashier of the Producers'
Bank of VIsalia, is at the California.
Colonel Campbell, an officer in the Brit
ish army, Is among the arrivals at the
Palace.
L. R. Vance, an official connected with
the Mare Island navy yard, Is at the Oc
cidental.
V. E. Dennis, a wealthy Englishman of
London, is at the Palace. He is touring
the world.
Right Rev. W. H. Moreland, Episcopal
Bishop of Sacramento, is at the Palace,
accompanied by his wife.
Webster L. Clark, a chaplain in the
United States army, is at the California.
He is stationed at Benlcla Barracks.
Manager James Agler of the Southern
Pacific is out in his private car Inspect
ing the Southern Pacific roads west of
Ofiden.
J. Sloat Fassett of New York Is at the
Palace. He is prominently Identified with
Republican politics in the Empire State
and has large cattle and mining Interests
in the West.
Navy League Progressing.
Many new members have been added to
the United States Navy League, which
was organized in this city one week ago.
The purpose of the league 13 to inform tho
people by lectures and literature of the
necessity of continuous naval construc
tion and improvement of our fleet. The
idea was Inspired by the success of the
German Navy League, which is now com
posed of 750.000 members. All citizens,
except Congressmen, United States Sena
tors and men connected with the navy,
are eligible for membership. The dues are
$1 per year. Applications can be sent to
Attorney George C. Sergeant, the secre
tary.
Califoraians in New York.
NEW YORK, Aug. 21.— The following
Calif ornians have arrived at the hotels:
From San Francisco — W. Lefferts. E. M.
Going, at the Grand Union; H. Barkan,
at the Vendome; T. H. Mead and wife,
at the St. Denis; I. Marcuse, at the Man
hattan; E. Ramel, at the Union Square;
A. M. Samuels, at the Wellington; Mrs.
J. Brown, at the Murray Hill.
From Oakland— D. Moriarty, at tha
Grand Union.
From Santa Clara— Mrs. Ravenles, at
the Westminster.
Lane Medical lectures.
The eighth course of the- Lane medical
lectures will be given by Dr. Oscar H.
Allis of Philadelphia In Cooper Medical
College, corner 'of Sacramento and Web
eter streets, beginning August 24. There
will be two lectures given j daily, at 11
a. m. and 8 p. m. The subject of tha
course of lectures will be ''Dislocation
and Fractures Involving or Near Major
Joints." Members of the medical profes
sion are Invited to attend.
To-wnsend's California glace fruits and
candles, 50c a pound. In artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St.. above Call bids. *
Stenographers Wanted.
Examinations under the United States
Civil Service will be held in this city Oc
tober 15 for stenographers and typewrit
ers in the* United States and Philippines
service. Apply to the United States Civil
Service Commission at "Washington, D.
C, or to the secretary of the Consolidated
Board of Examiners, 301 Jackson street,
for forms 2 and 304. . - - ¦"
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tb»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. *
PERSONAL MENTION.
REPORTS that President Roosevelt might call
the proposed extra session of Congress as
early as October have resulted in bringing to
him a host of protests from Congressmen in all
States where there are to be elections this fall. The
statesmen. do not wish to be in Washington when
the local campaigns are going on. It is fence-mend
ing time with them, and they are unwilling to give
up any portion of it to the task of discussing either
the Cuban treaty or the question of currency reform.
A Washington dispatch reviewing the numerous
protests says: "As viewed here, the advantages of
assembling Congress in October are more than offset
by its disadvantages. If such a course is persisted
in it is not thought possible to bring to Washington
the Senators and' members who have local elections
in their States. They would demand, as one of them
said in a telegram to-day,' even if the session were'
called, that nothing be done until the. full member
ship could leave their States and participate in the
discussion." • : ¦
As the sole object .of calling Congress together as
early as October is that of benefiting members of
Congress, it is quite likely the numerous protests will
incline the President to make the call for November
instead of the earlier date. It 'was believed that the
advantages of an early session would overweigh any
opposing considerations. By meeting in October,
Congress could get itself organized, finish the Cuban
and the currency business, and thus be so well ad
vanced that the work of the regular session could be
completed in time for an early adjournment next
summer. That, of course, would be a great gain, for
it would release the Congressmen of their duties in
Washington in time for them to take an active part
in the preliminaries of the Presidential campaign.
It appears, however, that the old principle, "A bird
in the hand is worth two in the bush," applies in this
case, for the statesmen evidently deem a local elec
tion this year to be more important than a Presiden-
tial election that is to take place next year. Of
course, when next year comes many of those who
are now protesting against a meeting in October will
wish they had held their peace and met in time to
finish, early next- summer. That, however, is their
lookout, and not that of the President The. issue is
one of no great concern to the country at large. The
people desire to see the reciprocity treaty beaten and
an effective currency bill passed before the holidays,,
so that the regular session will not be too much pro
longed. If that can be. achieved by as late
as November, there will be no objection to the post
ponement. Fortunately, the outlook is promising. |
It seems that the reciprocity debate will not take up
much time, while the announcement that Senator
Gorman has decided not to lead or take part in a
fight against a Republican currency bill gives prom
ise that even that measure can be settled after a
comparatively short discussion.
THE EXTRA SESSION
SATURDAY AUGUST 22, 1903
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
fftrtts All CerrsmunJcctlons to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
TELEPHONE.
Aek for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
rCBLICATIOX OFFICE.. .Market and Tlilrd. S. F.
COETORIAL ROO3IS 217 to 221 S(even»on St.
Delivered by Carriers, 2O Cts. Per Week, 75 Ct*
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Term* fcr Mall. IrduaiR? •PcsUse <Cash With Ordert!
DAILY CALL, (!&clu£!nc Eucflar). one yetr fS.OO
CA1X.T CAUL (including Sunday). 6 month* 4.OO
&AILT CAUL — By Sincle Month... •».¦".. 7 n *>
CUNDAT CALL. On« Te«r 2-S°
VTEEKLT CALL. One T*«r 1«°O
f Dally... $S.SO Per Tear Extra
rCKEXGK rOBTAGE { EBrdij.. 4.15 Per Tear Extra
I Weekly.. JAM) P«r Tear Extra
All Paatnia«ter» are authorised to rec«l?»
»ab«crlpt)on».
f 1TT Tl- ecp!es will be forwarded when reaueated.
Kail •utwerfber* tn ordering change of c/drena should t*
urUcular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS la order
to tsscre a prompt and 'correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE. ,
HIS Brtadfrar Telephone Blaln 1OS3
BERKELEY OFFICE.
C148 Ceoter Street Telephone Iforth TT
. l. CEOHGE KIIOGXESS, Manner Foretcrn Adrer
rUlntr. Marqaette Ralldinsr, Chlcnsro.
4Locr Dlstasoe Telephone "Central 2819.")
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
KOBTO5E. CHAAE 14OO G Street, IT. W.
NEW TORK REPRESENT ATTVE:
kTCPDES B. SMITH 30 Tribune Bntldlnv
* . ' NKW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CARLTOA Herald Square
UItA.\Cn OFFICES— <27 Montgomery, corner of Clay. op«n
crtsi t:80 O'clock. 800 Hare*, open until 0:30 o'clock. OSS
McAllister, open until 9 :SO o'clock. CIS Larkin. open until
• :K0 o'clock. 1M1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2241
- Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1099 Va-
Vnela. cr*n until U o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
c'ricck. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
cr.u; v o'clock. 23X) FWxnore. open until 0 p. m.
The State Board of Equalization, inspired by a
purpose not easily understood, wants to increase the
valuations of San Francisco property against the
protest of Assessor Dodge, who declares that he has
adequately taxed the property owners of this city.
While the metropolis is willing, even eager, to show
its good will to the rest of the State, and even to ac
cept burdens not rightly its own, it objects to bear
ing all the responsibilities which are involved in the
march of prosperity. ;.*;"
Failures this week number 238 in the
United States, against 207 last year, and 8
in Canada, compared with 30 a year ago.
Business is well maintained aside from
the quieting Influence of the vacation
season,' ¦which somewhat restricts trade
and retards collections. Making due al
lowance for the period," there is no cause
for complaint. The adverse factors that
have been operating against prosperity in
recent preceding weeks are no longer as
potent, normal influences gradually pre
vailing. Labor controversies still exist,
curtailing the output of a few products
and the consumption of all the necessa
ries of life. Crops are not going to mar
ket as freely as usual, although the agri
cultural outlook Is distinctly favorable.
In spite of several obvious reasons for
expecting a check to freight traffic earn
ings of railways thus far reported In Aug
ust, show an average gain* of 9.6 per cent
over last year, and 18.2 per cent over 1901.
Complaint Is beginning to be heard re
garding the inadequate facilities of the
railways, and it now appears that incon
venience and loss must be again expe
rienced, notwithstanding the extensive
improvements.
A fairly liberal tonnage of Iron has been
placed during the past week, providing
abundant demand for all the pig that is
being made.
Somewhat easier prices for the great
food staples -testify to greater crop pros
pects.
Weakness In Southern foundry iron is
noted at Eastern markets, and Bessemer
pig iron is reported offered $1 per ton
lower at Pittsburg than a week ago, with
supplies for immediate delivery more in
evidence. Large buying of pig iron is less
noticeable than it was one or two weeks
ago, but quite a. number of small orders
have been booked. Steel billets are less
active, but fairly firm. Merchant bars,
sheets and plates in finished products are
reported in much better call, but the de
mand for structural material Is light,
particularly reflecting recent labor trou
bles. Copper was marked up this week,
partially It is thought to affect the stock
market quotations, but some large sales
below the official price are reported.
Wheat (Including flour) exports for the
week ending August 20 aggregate 3,372,769
bushels, against 3,413.191 bushels last
week, 5,954,759 bushels in the same week
last year, 6,606,950 bushels In 1901 and 2,695,
163 bushels in 1900.
Business failures in the United States
for the .week ending August 20 number
166, against 160 last week, 1S1 in the like
week of 1902, 1S1 in 1901, 135 in 1900 and 154
in 1899. • .
In Canada failures for the week number
14, as against 17 last week and 23 In this
week a year ago.
NORMAL CONDITIONS PREVAIL.
R. G. Dun & Cp.'s weekly review of
trade to-morrow will say:
Among the great Industries few im
portant changes are noted. One of the
notable 'developments is the general soft
ening of pig iron prices following the
heavy buying of two weeks past. Fewer
industrial operatives are on strike now
than for months past, but the idleness of
cotton mill operatives tends rather to In
crease. The lumber trade is active West
and North, but in the East it has not as
ye,t recovered from the depression in
duced by labor troubles, now about draw
ing to a close. Shoe manufacturing is
notably active the country over, and
Eastern, shipments are breaking all rec
ords. Railway earnings for the first half
of August continue to show good gains.
The Eastern jewelry trade Is quiet for
the season, and the labor situation is not
a very clear one. Leather is reported firm
but quiet.
BESSlfMER PIG IRON LOWER.
NEW YORK, Aug. 21.— Bradstreet's to
morrow will say: Weather and crop con
ditions are still the keynote to fall trade.
In the Northwest, Southwest and South
buyers are taking hold energetically, and
reports as a whole are as good or better
than a year ago. In the East fall job
bing has started in well, though perhaps
not so actively as hoped for. Some soft
spots are, however, noted in tho Central
West sections, in which crops yielded
lighter than hoped for. The retail trade
is seasonably quiet and collections are
reported backward In a number of in
stances.
Mrs. Isabel Castro de Francolin!. once
wealthy and beautiful, lay on a slab In
the Morgue yesterday, unsought by
friends and unnoticed. Her landlady at
109 Montgomery street knocked at the
door of her humble room yesterday to
awaken her, and, receiving no response to
her summons, opened the door •with a
pass key and found the once proud Span
ish beauty lying dead in bed, with a small
cologne bottle half full of perfume clasped
in her right hand. The poor woman had
been ailing with pains in the region of
the heart for some months. She was a
daughter of Gabriel Castro of . the old
Spanish family that owned leagues of
land around- San Francisco Bay and was
a niece of General Vallejo, In whose honor
the city of Vallejo was named.
The decedent had been twice married,
her first husband being A. H. Gildemeis
ter. After his death she married Count
Antoine Raymond de Francolini and he
died in France March 4, 1902. His estate
was so much lncumbered that all that
was left for the widow was an income of
$12 per annum. In 1886 John K. Moore
deeded Mrs. Francolini certain lots In the
block bounded by Franklin, Gough. Geary
and O'Farrell streets in this city for the
named consideration of $25,000. A few
years ago she brought suit against the
city and county of San Francisco to quiet
title to valuable realty bounded by Val
lejo, Franklin and Lyon streets and high
water mark 'on the bay, but the suit was
decided against her. Recently a subscrip
tion was started among her friends for
the purpose of assisting her to return to
France, but It was, never completed.
Mrs. Francolini was 55 years old and
spent the last of her days In poverty. She
leaves . two married dapghters In New
Vork City.
Miss Jean Durell, who has recently re
turned from the East, was prominent
among the entertainers for the Thomas
Post last evening at Stelnway Hall. Miss
Durell has been very zealous during tha
entire encampment and when she has ap
peared on programmes received nothing
short of an ovation. Many of the clever
sketches presented by Miss Durell are
said to be written by herself.
Mrs. John R. Jarboe la again at her
summer home. Pegasus Farm, In tlia
Santa Cruz Mountains.
• • • •
Miss Reina Maillard, who Is seriously
111, has arrived from the East with her
father, aunt and physician and will be
made as comfortable as possible at the
country home of the Maillarda for tha
present.
Miss Louise Ho-wland Is entertaining
Miss Pearl and Miss Irene 3abin for a
few days. The Sabtns have been spend
ing the summer at their country home
near Mountain View.
Mrs. Frances Macondray Is the gruest of
Mr. and Mrs. Albert Russell at their
home In Belvedere.
Mr. and Mrs. Eurton Harrison, nea
Crocker, have gone to the Burllr.gamo
Country Club for a short stay. The Har
risons have 'been staying at the Palace
Hotel for a few days since they cams
up from Del Monte.
A farewell luncheon will be slven to
day by Mr?. John P. Jackson in honor
of Mrs. Philip Worcester. On Thursday
next Mrs. Worcester will leavo for New
York to reside, because of her husband s
business Interests In that cltv. A num
ber of farewell affairs are being gtvea
for the departing guest.
Mr. and Mrs. John Shatter leTt last
evening for the East to pay a visit to
relatives and friend3. During their stay
in San Francisco they were pleasantly
entertained by General Shafter. who ia
a brother of John Shafter.
In spite of the Influx during: the present
G. A. R. Eneamoment very few of San
Francisco's four hundred returned to
town to do the honors, but preferred t->
linger at the resorts until quiet miffht be
restored in town. Mrs. Eleanor Martin
waa a welcome exception, however, and
extended her coveted hospitality to Gen
eral Miles. Several officers and their
wives at the Pre3ldio also gave an en
thusiastic welcome to visitors.
PROFESSOR OSTWALD of Leipzig, in deliv
ering the address at the dedication of the Phys
„•*. . iological Laboratory at the. University of Cal- |
ifornia, spoke to the great public even more than
to the academic audience that listened to him. -In a
certain sense his words were an appeal to the body
of the people for a recognition of the worth of the
services of science. From first to last the address
was a high argument in maintenance of the thesis
that it is to science we owe the best of law and art
and industry as they exist to-day, and it is to science
we must look for nobler laws, higher arts and more
profitable industries in the future. In short, science
is the lord of human life and its servants are the
best ministers to human welfare.
Contrasting the honors paid to lawmakers, states
men, warriors, artists and the great captains of in
dustry, with -the indifference shown by the masses of
the people toward men of science, he said: "The, fact,
that we do not as yet recognize this irresistible power
of science as a subject of daily thought and experi
ence is the reason why the feeling of reverence does
not arise in us with such strength when we think
of science as it does when we think of these things
whose greatness and strength we have been accus
tomed to honor from our youth up. But when we |
have once learned to look upon science as that which i
controls our whole life, then we know of nothing
more powerful nor more worthy of reverence."
It is unquestionably true that we do not as yet in
our daily thoughts realize the immense benefits that
have been conferred upon our generation by the
achievements of men of science within the last cen
tury. When we have occasion to contrast the rich
ness of life to-day with the harshness and poverty of
that of a century ago, it is almost inevitable that we
either take the credit to ourselves as a people and
say we are better than our fathers, or' else we attrib
ute it *to some warrior -or statesman, or railroad
builder, and ignore utterly the men whose patient
and keen research in narrow confines of laboratories,
or the wide fields of land and ocean, have discovered !
the truths and mastered the forces which alone have
made possible the progress of which we are so
proud.
Professor Ostwald did not attempt to sum up or
even to outline in the most general terms the extent
of the benefits that the increase of that body of
knowledge known as "science" has conferred upon
civilized men of every grade and class; nor, indeed,
could he have adequately dealt with, that phase of
the subject in so brief an address. Some estimate of
it may, however, be inferred from the computation
made in France at the time of the foundation of the
Pasteur Institute, that by his addition to the sum of
knowledge applied to the silk, wine, dairy and stock
raising industries, Pasteur had- augmented the wealth
of France alone by a sum in excess of the enormous*
indemnity demanded by the Germans at the close
of the disastrous war which overthrew the throne of
Napoleon.
Ii the researches of a single man produced so much
wealth for a single country in a single generation, it
is clearly impossible to calculate the total aggregate
of the wealth added to the whole civilized world
by the entire body of scientists. Great as. is the value
of this material gain, however, it is not the whole nor
even the greatest part of the total benefit to human
ity of scientific research. The comfort, the health,
the happiness of men have been aided and advanced
as much as their material wealth. Professor Ostwald
made an interesting statement of the manner in which
art itself had been lifted to higher levels of excellence
and enabled to express itself through finer forms of
beauty by science. rt When one recalls," he said, "the
history of any of the completed periods of art — for
example, that of Greek sculpture — one sees how, step
by Step, the development of this art has been de
pendent upon increasing knowledge. * * * One
also sees hew in such cases the degree of artistic
development always corresponds to the degree of
technical development." Interesting, too, is his
other statement: "It is likewise possible for us to
think of times when the ninth symphony will not
longer be able to produce any greater effect than is
now produced by a symphony of Haydn's."
Science, in short, is not only knowledge, but it is
human life raised to its highest power. It is the
progressive element of humanity. It has achieved
much, even in the face of popular indifference, and
when its worth is fully recognized it will achieve far
more, because mankind will then be more prompt to
take advantage of its teaching. Such being the case,.
Dr. Jacques Loeb, who is to have charge of the work
of the laboratory, was quite right in saying: "The
opening.of the new laboratory, which is pre-eminently
intended for scientific. Tesearch, is an event in which
everybody may rejoice and which no one rfeed re
gret, for it is the function of all scientific research
to increase the possibility and the value of life."
SCIENCE AND LIFE.
FALL BUSINESS
PROSPECTS ARE
PROMISING
SAD ENDING
TO LIFE OF A
FORMER BELLE
SOCIETY STILL
LINGERS IN
THE COUNTRY
she was used in the service of the Naval Academy.
In ,1873 she was sold to Ben Butler, and has re
mained'in his family, ever since, being now the 1 prop
erty of Butler Ames-of Lowell. She is.no longer of
any ..value as a racing craft,' nor could she be, of much
use in the naval warfare of our time, but as a yacht
she is still a good deal better than either of the racing
machines now competing for her glorious trophy.
No other yacht has anything like such a history, and
could she tell all she knows of pleasure, of racing and
of war her autobiography would be better than that
of half the famous men of her time.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAT^I!, SATURDA^, -AUGUST 22,; 1903.
A mortgage for $150,000 made by Gold
berg, Bowen & Co. and the German Bank
was filed yesterday In the Recorder's of
fice. The document covers the loan of
the amount named on property on Sutter
street, near Kear'ny.
Files Big Mortgage.
While driving in the Golden Gate Park
panhandle yesterday afternoon George
Nolan of 1016 Golden Gate avenue and a
companion were thrown out of the buggy
and badly shaken. up. ,In addition to the
shock Nolan sustained a" severe contusion
of the right thigh and several lacerated
and abrased wounds about the head and
face. ..He was treated at the Park Emer
gency Hospital by Dr. Jamed Murphy.
Eunaway in the Park Panhandle.
A confidence operator, suave in the conduct of his
trade, attempted a few days ago to swindle some of
the worthy people of Oakland and Berkeley. To the
credit of those concerned he failed utterly. The poor,
misguided fellow, stupid even in his craft, probably
did not know that many, if not most, of the people
who reside in Oakland and Berkeley do business in
San Francisco.
A thug who had preyed upon the city in the various
ways made possible by his cunning pleaded guilty a
few days ago to the commission of a crime. Fie was
sentenced to serve twenty years' imprisonment in the
penitentiary- He should share in our congratulations
over his act. He has enrolled himself among those
who reflect that at some time they must confess what
they are and what they deserve.
6
Can you imagine anything more graphic? The suspense is so keen
that it hurts. And yet that is only the closing incident of the first chan-
ter of "Brewster's Millions," which beqins in the next Sunday Call. In
point of fact "Brewster's Millions" is absolutely unlike anvthintr that
has ever been written before, for In it a perfectly adorable vouner fellow
,ias to spend a million a year, get his money's worth and yet have abso-
lutely nothing. to show for it at the end of that time in order that he mav
inherit six million more. Sounds fascinating, doesn't it? Well, it is
more than that.
But the popular craze for literature of the bright, snappy, up-to-date
sort goes even further than this. Never before was there such a tre-
mendous demand for short stories of thr best sort. And what better
reading could you Ret? A pood short story is a complete novel in con-
densed form, and it is iust such evcellent reading as this, that is pro-
vided in the Sunday Call's new "Half Hour Storiettes." of which, next
•Sunday, you will jjet two full pa^e?. Here are some of the titles:
"Mysterious Leofric." "In the Fi3<h of Striped Death," "The Secret of
the Jamaica Sink Hole." "The Beautiful Miss Marrwm." "Fahlea for
the Foolish," "Shortv Mahan's Passirc." "Love'« Golden Tether."
"While the Train Waited." "What Tiny Peter Did," etc.. etc. Best of
all there is a new short storv by A. Oman , Doyle. "The Shadow Be-
fore": "Millions in His Dreams." by Marie Twain: "Me-ows of a Kitty.**
by Kate Thyson Marr; "The Oracle of Mulberry Center," by S. E. Kiser.
etc., rtc. .
And besides all this there is the rcjruH* Sunday Magazine section,
giving you the very latest in everything that is Rolns: on in the world
to-day/ The Sunday Call can't be beat.
; " 'This time I bring a message from Rawles. the butler, askincr you to
come to Mr. Brewster's house at once^ — if you can. sir — I mean if you
will, sir,' Ellis interjected, apologetically. Then with his pare directed
steadily over the heads of the subdued 'Little Sons of the Rich* he added,
impressively:
3 " 'Mr. Brewster is dead, sir.' "
•¦y AN you make word pictures? Ever tried? Without a doubt, for
/ f this is an age when everybody thinks he can write. Some very'
\l} quickly discover their error. Others never do. Result — over-
i£ crowded book shelves with "literature" which nobody ever read3.
Why? Because not one writer in a hundred knows a good story when
he sees it. It takes something more than a grammar, a speller and a dic-
tionary to make "word pictures." It is the ability to compress a human
comedy into a "thumbnail sketch" or put a tragedy into a nutshell that
makes "literary genius." Better than all else, it's the only quality that
sells books. Just take a peep at this little extract from a book that the
whole country is talking about and you'll realize, perhaps for the first
time, what a tremendous lot can be said in 250 words:
"At 3 o'clock the elevator made another trip to the top floor and
Jlllis rushed over to the unfriendly doorbell. This time there was stub-
born determination in his face. The singing ceased and a roar of laughter
followed the hush of a moment or two.
"'Come in!' called a hearty voice, and Ellis strode firmly into the
Studio. " 'i j jt. _ j; i :*'¦- • . " iVi--
" 'You are just in time for a 'nightcap,' Ellis,' cried Harrison, rush-
ing to the footman's side. Ellis, stolidly facing the young man, lifted
his hand.
" 'No, thank you, sir,' he said respectfully. 'Mr. Montgomery, if
you'll excuse me for breaking 'in, I'd like to give you three messages
I've brought here to-night.'
"You're a faithful old chap," said Subway Smith, thickly. 'Hanged
if I'd do A. D. T. work till 3 a. m. for anybody.'
"'I came at 10, .Mr. Montgomery, with a message from Mr. Brew-
ster, wishing you many happy returns of the day and with a check from
him for $1000. Here's the check, sir. I'll giye my messages iq the or-
der I received them, sir, if you please. At 12:30 o'clock I came with a
message from Dr. Gower. sir, who had been called in——'
" 'Called in?' gasped Montgomery, trming white.
" 'Yes, sir, Mr. Brewster had a sudden heart attack at half-past
eleven^ sir. The doctor sent word by me, sir, that he was at the point
of death. My last message '
" 'Good Lord!"
Can You MaKe
"Thumb Nail Sketches?"FORMER PREMIER OF FRANCE AND PRESENT MINISTER OF JUS
TICE, WHOM M. LABORI DENOUNCED YESTERDAY IN COURT
FOR THEIR PART IN THE PROSECUTION OF THE HUMBERTS.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 21.— By order of the
national officers of the ' Union Veteran
Legion, the charter of St. Louis Encamp
ment No. 15 has -been annulled and notice
promulgated of the severance of all-rela
tions with. the national organization. The
annulment is based on charges of having
admitted to membership a candidate who
was not eligible. ...
Encampment Charter Annulled.
BLOOMINGTON, 111./ Aug. 21.-Pro
hlbitionists of the United States to-day
unveiled at Newton, Jasper County, a
magnificent monument of Barre granite
to the memory of Hale Johnson, who was
assassinated on election day last year.
He was chairman of the Prohibition State
Committee and national committeeman at
the time" and was the Vice Presidential
candidate on the Prohibition ticket in
1S96. Many States were represented. Hon.
Robert H. Patton of Springfield spoke in
the morning on "Hale Johnson as a Law
yer and Patriot." In the afternoon ad
dresses were delivered by John G. Wool
ley of Chicago, National Chairman Oliver
W. Stewart and former Congressman
George W. Fithlan. The State executive
committee met at Newton to-day. ' .
Pay Tribute to Leader Who Was As
sasinated a Year Ago on
Election Day.
PROHIBITIONISTS UNVEIL
MONUMENT TO JOHNSON
In one way and out another, over the
"Double Loop."
The scenic way into the Yosemite takes
you directly through two groves of big
trees.
Special coupon tickets covering total exi
penscs from San Francisco to the Valley,
five days' trip, $34.90; seven days, J38.S0;
ten days. $42.90.
Holders of G. A. R. tigkets reading via
Los Angeles or Santa Fe may make five
day trip from Merced to Valley, with all
expenses, for $29.
Full information at Santa Fe office, 641
Market street. '- •
G. A. B. Excursion via Santa Fe.
$25 90 for the Round Trip.
YOSEMITE VALLEY.
LONDON, Aug. 21.— All the press com
ment here on the Shamrock Ill's per
formance evinces the growing conviction
that she is incapable of capturing the
America's cup under any weather condi
tions. The afternoon newspapers claim
that yesterday's race showed nothing of
the respective merits of the two boats,
but they admit that the performance of
the challenger did not fulfill the expecta
tions of her behavior In a slight wind and
say that Captain Barr seems to have
shown smarter seamanship.
The suggestion is made that in view of
the repeated wind disappointments off
Think Captain Barr Displayed the
Better Seamanship.
LONDON PRESS DISCOURAGED.
NEW YORK. Aug. 21.-Unlted States
Commissioner Hitchcock to-day listened
to arguments from the preliminary ex
amination of Morris Runkle, the New
York merchant recently Indicted by the
Federal Grand Jury in Washington for
alleged complicity in the postal irregu
larities. The defendant was not . per
sonally present, being represented by
Counsel. Assistant United States District
Attorney Wise to-day offered in evidence
the indictment against Runkle and con
tended that as he had established at a
former hearing Runkle's Identity as the
person named in the indictment he had
made out a urima fade. case.
Commissioner Hitchcock took the mat
ter under consideration and adjourned the
case until September 21.
Counsel Contends That He Has Made
Out a Prima Facie
ARGUMENTS ARE HEARD
IN THE RUNKLE MATTER
COMPTROLLER TRANSFERS
RECEIVERS OF BANKS
Changes Made in the East to Save
Money for the Govern
ment.
WASHINGTON, Aug." 21.— John W.
Schofieldhas been appointed receiver of
the Navesink National Bank of Redbank,
N., J.. to relieve Bank Examiner W. A.
Mason, who was appointed receiver tem
porarily when the bank was closed. Scho
fleld will take charge as soon as the as
sets can be listed and transferred to him.
The purpose of this change, the Comptrol
ler states, is to enable Examiner Mason
to resume his regular work of bank ex
aminations.
Schofleld is also receiver of the FirHt
National Bank of Asbury Park, N. J. The
proximity of these trusts will enable one
receiver to liquidate their affairs at a
less expense to both than an independent
receiver for each. ; ¦
BKRLIN. Aug. 21. — Prince Henry of- Prus
sia is to be relieved next fall of the post of
chief in command of the naval division.
Dally Aufc^ist 17th tc 2'2d inclusive an extra
boat will leave San Francisco at 10:30 p. m. for
Saupalito, ban Rafael. Mill Valley and Inter
mediate points. Last boat leaves at 11:43
P. m. ¦ •
Extra Sausalito Boat.
Details of the Organization of the
United Lead Company An
nounced.
TWENTY-SEVEN MILLIONS
A NEW TRUST'S CAPITAL
NEW YORK, Aug. 21.— Details concern
ing the organization of the United Lead
Company, which has been under way lor
several months, were announced to-day.
The company will have a capitalization
of $27,000,000.
The following include the subsidiary
companies takon over by the United Lead
Company: Chadwlck Boston Company,
Boston; Merrill Lead Company, St. Louis.
America Shot and Lead Company, Chi
cago; Raymond Lead Company, Chicago;
Gibson & Price Company. Cleveland: Mc-
Dougall Company, Buffalo; Union Lead
and Oil Company, Brooklyn; Raymond &
Blatchford Company, Chicago, and Hoyt
Metal Company, St. Louis.
We are selling gas ranges at J12. San
Francisco Gas and Electric Co.. 415 Post. •
NASHVILLE. Tenn., Aug. 21.— At to
day's session of the National Negroes'
Business League F. D. Patterson of Ohio
in an address declared the race question
to be a personal issue, and said the stand
ing of the individual fixed the status of
the race. Officers were elected this after
noon, the president being Booker T.
Washington of Tuskegee, Ala. Indianap
olis i was selected as the next place of
meeting.
Negroes Talk of the Races.
GEORGETOWN. Ky., Aug. 21.— In the
Powers case to-day the deposition of
former Governor Taylor, the reading of
which was begun yesterday afr.ernoon,
was concluded.
The court excluded fifteen questions
asked as to conversations with W. H.
Culton:as to his (Taylor's) reasons for
pardoning Caleb Powers; the political
complexion of the General Assembly at
the 1900 session: the filing of his certifi
cate of election, and his reasons for leav
ing the State of Kentucky after being
Indicted. These were held by the court
incompetent. , .
Considerable Portion of the State
ment by Kentucky's Former
Governor Excluded.
COURT HAS OBJECTION
TO TAYLOR'S DEPOSITION
NEW YROK. Aug. 21.— Sir Thomas Lip
ton said to-day:
I have not lost hop* In the slightest. The
conditions • yesterday were the worst I have
ever seen off Sandy Hook. 1 have been here
now since June and we never had anything
so bad. It was purely a matter of luck. The
Ehararock got no chow from the wind. The
Reliance was getting all the wind she wanted
to foot away from us with, while the Sham
rock was lying: without a b*-eath. Whenever
we did get a breeze we lost no time In making
up the Reliance's caln. but the luck never
lasted with us. In fact, the Shamrock came
about to come home, seeing It was hopelew
to continue when ehe was petting no wind.
The Reliance's sails were full when our satis
were lylnz limp. The Shamrock while the
wind lasted did better work yesterday than
the Reliance. Others may *ay what they like
on this matter, but this is my positive belief.
LIPTON IS HOPEFUL.
Declares All the Luck Was With
Reliance.
Erin's launch and started for a trip up
the beautiful Shrewsbury River.
After the Shamrock III and the Roli
p.i-ce had had their little spin about Ihe
lay Captain Wringe and Captain Bevis
of the Shamrock I spent the day amusing
thf-mselves. The two captains were in
v:ied on board a yawl which was sailn:<?
aboct the bay and Captain Wringe was
placed in command of it, while Captain
Bcv«S, v. - hose face is tanned as brown i's
father, sought shelter from the sun un^
d-3r an umbrella and a big Panama ian.
Tht vlnd at Sandy Hook at midn'.^nt
f r< m the southwost, twelve mites an
hour. The weather was clear and the
pky cloudless. Indications are that tni?
wind will hold through Saturday.
PARIS, Aug. 21.— Public interest is
growing more intense as the
Humbert trial is nearing its
close, and the crowds at the Pal
ace of Justice were much aug
mented to-day, although the court of
ficials believed that tbe Advocate General
would reply to Maitre Labori, leading
counsel for the defense, thus postponing
the verdict until to-morrow. Among those |
who had reserved places hear the Judges j
to-day was Senora Castro, wife of the j
President of Venezuela, who was accom- i
panied by the Venezuelan Minister.
Maitre Labori continued his address for I
the defense, urging that the larger cred- [
ltors had acted through attorneys who
should be held responsible, while the :
small creditors would have been paid if •
the Rente Viagere had not been wrecked |
through the premature prosecution of the ;
Humberts. ;
Maitre Labori caused a considerable j
NEW YORK, Aug. 21.— Forecaster Em
ery at the Weather Bureau sends out the
following special forecast for the vicinity
of the yacht race course for to-morrow:
"The weather to-morrow over the inter
national yacht race course will be fair to
partly/cloudy, with fresh southerly winds,
probably shifting to southwesterly."
Special Weather Forecast for Race la
Encouraging.
FRESH SOUTHERLY WINDS.
sensation by a bitter denunciation of M.
Cattaui, the money lender, for prose
cuting the Humberts, and incidentally
mentioned M. Waldeck-Rousseau's and
M. Valle's part in the prosecution. He
¦ declared the political parties' leaders had
become degenerate. M. Valle, counsel
pointed out, first acted as attorney
against the Humberts and afterward be
came Minister of Justice, supervising
! their prosecution. M. Cattaui, he assert-
I ed, belonged to that class which Is bring
i ing dishonor to France and' seeking to
i gain all through the use of money, thus
! corrupting the public administration.
The chargts of Maitre Labori, although
' avoiding specific accusations, reflected se
verely on the chief personages in the
: system of the administration of justice.
i He reasserted the existence of the Craw-
I fords, and maintained, that the prosecu
; tion had failed to establish that they and
| the millions did not exist. The trial was
I adjourned until to-morrow.
Sandy Hook the New York Yacht Club
might try to find a more satisfactory
course.
NEW YORK, Aug. 21.— Secretary of
War Root sailed, for Liverpool to-day on
the Celtic of the White Star line. He
goes to England to act with Senator
Lodge and former Senator Turner of
Washington as the United States repre
sentatives on the Alaskan boundary dis
pute. Before sailing the Secretary de
clared that he would, according to his
present plans, get out of the Cabinet
about the middle of the winter. He would
not enter Into any discussion of his fu
ture plans except to deny that he was
going to enter actively into politics in
this State.
With the Secretary were Mrs. Ellhu
Root and Miss Edith Root, while on the
same steamer sailed Judge John M. Dick
inson of Chicago, John W. Foster of In
diana, former Secretary of State, and
Hannls S. Taylor of Alabama, former
Minister to Spain, who as counselors for
the United States will present her side
of the dispute before the commission.
Before Leaving He Declares He Will
Leave the Cabinet in
Winter.
WAR SECRETARY ROOT
DEPARTS FOR ENGLAND
The Chinese Minister, after his last con
versation with Secretary Hay. Informed
his Government that the United States
would insist upon open ports in Manchu
ria and he advised them to yield grace
fully to the American demands.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 21.— Sir Liang
Chentung, the Chinese Minister, to-day
informed Acting Secretary of State Adee
that hf had received a dispatch from his
Government confirming .the information
previously received that Prince Ching had
informed Minister Conger that in the
treaty to be signed October 8 provision
would be made for opening two ports in
Manchuria.
Chinese Minister Formally Confirms
News of Prince Ching's
Promise.
DATE NEARS FOR SIGNING
MANCHURIAN PORT TREATY
NEW YORK. Aug. 21.— Sir Thomas Lip
ton late to-night, standing on the deck
ci the Erin, felt the fresh wind on his
face and looked greatly pleased.
"1 hope it will continue," he said. "I
want a wholesale wind to-morrow, and
if it comes I am confident Shamrock will
win. I am more confident than ever be
fore. The race on Thursday was a fluke.
If the wind had been good the result
would have been different. Reliance be
ing the loftier boat, caught the upper
light air that was moving, and that helped
her. In a breeze such as is betokened
now for to-morrow there'll be a different
Btyrjr to tell."
Sir Thomas dined to-night with a party
cf friends on the Erin and retired shortly
after midnight.
Everything was quiet on the fleet to
r.ight. Nearly every one turned in be.'ore
it was fairly dark, in order to be up early
in the morning.
Iselin came down on the committee lug
boat Navigator from New Rocheile.
reaching the Sunbeam a little after 6
o'clock. When the wind sprang up this
evening he also saw In it a promise of vtc
tory.
"This is satisfying." he said, as he
stood on the deck of the Sunbeam and
looked toward the southwest, whence
came the breeze. "This means good
times for Reliance to-morrow. I am just
as certain that she will win as I have
been at any time, and why should 1 not
be? So far everytliing has proved quite
gratifying, it seems to me, but I do hope
we will not have any more walking
matches. 1 want to see a good stiff
breeze for a trying out to-morrow a::d I
hope we will get it."
Reliance this morning cast loose from
her moorings, Fet her jib and staysail
and stood out into the bay for a sail.
Shortly afterward Shamrock III hoiste'd
her mainsail with the apparent intention
<>f going out for a sail-stretching. Re
liance, after several short hitches and
maneuvers in Sandy Hook Bay, returned
to her moorings. The challenger left her
anchorage, set jib and staysail and on
the starboard tack headed out to the
Point.
Sir Thomas Lipton, his captains and the |
crews of his fleet at Sandy Hook were by ;
no means disheartened to-day. Sir Thorn- |
sb was as optimistic as u^ual and cheer- j
fully explained that yesterday'? race was i
nwt conclusive, while Captain Wringe of I
the Shamrock III was as good natured j
and hopeful as ever. All appeared to be- !
l<eve that there would be a different story
to tell if the n^xt race were sailed in a
fair racing wir:d. It was pointed out by
t:i. officer of the Erin to-day that the
Shamrock ?II had never been exceedingly
fast in drifting. The only race in which
the Shamrock I ever beat her was sailed
in little better than a calm and in many
cases under similar conditions the Sham
rock III had been unable to drop her
'pacemaker until the wind increased to
five knots or better, after which she
showed a remarkable Increase in r^peed.
To-night the friends of the Shamrock III
* nere hoping for a wird that will enable
• t£e boats to sail the race an hour within
o the time limit.
Sir Thomas passed the day in entertain
ing the Earl and Countess of Sha?tesbury,
" Colonel and Mrs. Sherman Crawford and
Adjutant -General ar.d Mrs. Corbln. By
the Invitation of General Corbin the whole
party visited the Sandy Hook proving
.* prounds and witnessed the test or the b!g
guns.
. Late in the day the party boarded the
Special Di«r>*ich to The Call,
The delegates to the Trans-Mississippi
Congress began leaving the city to-night.
Some of them are going to Alaska, others
to California and some will visit friends
in Montana, Idaho and Utah before re
turning home. The Congressional com
mittee, which will go before the next ses
sion of Congress and urge the enactment
into law of the resolutions passed to-day,
consists of C. J. Gavin of New Mexico
(chairman). E. F. Harris of Texas. T. G.
Palmer of California. F. W. Fleming of
Missouri and F. Conoway of Iowa.
Many of the delegates will visit the
towns and cities of the sound before
starting east and will go to British Co
lumbia for a side trip.
The only fights made in tho congress
were on the question of statehood for
Oklahoma and the resolution dealing with
the Philippines. The latter resolution,
as originally introduced, was against the
raising of sugar and tobacco in the isl
ands and dealt with the tariff uuestion.
The congress tabled the whole matter
after a heated debate. Then the Resolu
tion was amended to deal with the land
question and the introduction of coolie
labor only and was passed..
After adjournment the delegates were
taken to inspect the battleship" Nebraska,
now under construction at Moran's ship
yards.
SEATTLE, Aug. 21.— The Trans-Missis
sippi Congress adjourned , to-day after
passing the following resolutions: State
hood for Oklahoma and Indian Territory
combined; territorial . government . for
Alaska; a memorial favoring an American
merchant marine: international fish
hatchery, to be established on the Frazer
River; close trade relations with Canada;
placing the consular service under civil
service; also resolutions relating to for
estry. Irrigation, public lands and the
Improvement of rivers and harbors: fa
voring an appropriation of $l,C00,000 for
the Lewis and Clark Exposition at Port
land; roads and bridges' in Alaska; rec
ommending a trans-Mlsslssfppi man for
the bureau of manufactures; recommend
ing a man from the same district for a
place on the Interstate Commerce Com
mission; providing a plan for a canal con
necting Puget Sound and Lake Wash
ington at Seattle: more stringent pure
food laws; favoring the St. Louis Expo
sition; a differential of 4 per cent in favor
of Pacific Coast bidders on battleships;
protesting against , further e«ten6lon of
forest reserves in Washington, recom
mending the construction of an isthmian
canal; making The Hague tribunal the
court of last resort.- and discountenancing
the sale of large tracts of Philippine lands
and the introduction of coolie labor into,
those islands.
The explosion tore his head into frag
ments and left only a small Dortion of
his chin dangling. The man's cuffs and
clothing bore the mark^of "S. N\ Wood &
Co.," a San ; Francisco firm. There is as
yet no • clew to the identity . of the de
ceased.
EL PASO. Tex., Aug. 21.— The headless
trunk of an unknown man, ciad in a
dress suit and wearing dancing slippers,
was found among the barren foothills of
the suburbs this morning 1 . There were
unmistakable evidences of suiciefcs and
that the deed had been committed but a
few hours before.
Two sticks of dynamite were found
near the remains of the man and it was
plain that he had placed a third stick
in his month and Ignited it by means
df a fuse.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
bate by Delegates.
Combined Statehood for Oklahoma
and Indian Territory Is Recom
mended After Interesting De-
Articles of Clothing on the Corpse
Show the Name of a Firm
in the California He-
Shamrock and Bcliance Spend Morn
ing Drying 1 Sails and Tuning
Up for the First Brush
for the Cup.
Discountenances the Sale of
Large Tracts of Land
in Philippines.
Jubilant Over the Prospect of
Decisive Test of Mettle
To- Day.
With a Stick of Dynamite
the Man Blows His
Head Off
Trans-Mississippi Cop
gress Completes
Its Labors.
Awful Suicide in Texas
of Supposed San
Franciscan.
Iselin and Lipton Both
Expect Racing
Weather. •
SEEKS DEATH
WHEN ATTIRED
FOR A DANCE
FAVORS RIVER
AND HARBOR
IMPROVEMENT
YACHTSMEN
HOPING FOR
GOOD BREEZE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 22, v 1903.
Maitre Labori Causes Sensation in a Paris
Court by an Attack Upon M. Waldeck-
Rousseau and M. Valle, Minister of Justice
BITTERLY DENOUNCES
ENEMIES OF HUMBERTS
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE HOT . ONE-I don't see how you keep' sb cool ; and comfortable this
blistering weather., . , ¦ . , *
• THE COOL ONE— Simplest thing In the world. I keep cool and clean Inside,
and that ¦ inaices me feel cool' and clean outside. I take a CASCARET Candy
Cathartic every nignt before crbing: to bed. : It cleans and purifies; th« system,
stops! hot fermentation In the stomach and. bowels, and makes excessive per-
spiration impossible. You know ; they work while you sleep, make you feel
fiao all day, > • . . ' 634
AMUSEMENTS. -*rS. ¦'¦'-.
' 4 .
Last night our line of r>eople reached clean
around O'FarreH street so great was th*
I crowd to see
QUO VASS ISS
And
THE BIG LITTLE PRINCESS
But we always find room for our patrons.
Our "All Star" Cast, Including
KOLB AND DILL,
BARNEY BERNARD,
WINFIELD BLAKE,
HARRY HERMSEN,
MAUDE AMBER, ,
ELEANOR JENKINS.
ETC.. ETC., ETC.
RESERVED SEATS — Nights. 25c, 50c and
73c. Saturday and Sunday Matinee*. 25c and
i COc. Children at Matinees, 10c and 25c.
flVOLI SSSSS.
I TO-NIGHT and all this week.
j SATURDAY MATINEE.
; In Response to the General Demand.
CrtMILLK O ARVILLB
Will Continue In DeKcven's Great Comic
Opera.
THE HIGHWAWinN.
' The cast is a special one throughout!
| EDWIN STEVENS as FOXY QUILLER.
Arthur Cunnineham. Ferris Har>man. Ed-
ward Webb. Annie Myers. Marie Walsh. Almee
Leicester and the entire Tivoll cempany.
The Grand Opera Reason Will .pen oi
MONDAY August 31. feats for tale
From Monday, August 12 \.
POPULAR TRICES 25c, 50c. 75c
Telephone — Bush 9^
Powell Street, Near Market.
MATIN2E TO-DAT.—
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME.
HENRY MILLER
—AND—
MARGARET ANGLIN
In Geor«te Bernard Shaw's
"THE DEVIL'S DISCIPLE."
' BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY.
SEATS NOW READY.
HENRY MILLER and MARGARET ANGLIN
[ In Richard Harding Davis' Comedy,
THE TAMING OF HELEN.
Mat:nees Wednesday and Saturday.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY), Au?. 22-
Parquet. Any Seat. 25c: Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren. Any Part Except Reserved, 10c.
Heeley and Meely; Bosie Rendel;
John Le Clair; Lew Hawkins and
the Biograph. Last week of Seeley
and West; Sidney Wilmer and
Company; Miss Wynne Winslow;
The Great Kaufmann Troupe and
BLFIB FAY,
"The Craziest Soubrette on the American
Stage."
IAMjIFORNIA
If ALL NEXT WEEK l"4
NEILL-MOROSCO CO.
In the Great War Play,
'so "SHENANDOAH." so
o tz Most brilliant military n k
JLj*J spectacle ever seen on the jC(j
utage; 200 regular soldiers in
the marvelous battle scene. ____
TThurs. and Sat. Mats.. fl"*
I "Mrs. Dane's Defense." Lg
HEAT.RU
ALCAZARTiBC"
Gen. Mgr.
TO-NIGHT-THIS WEEK.
USUAL MATINEE TO-DAY.
Extra Matinee Sunday
To supply the Enormous Demand for Seats (or
the Quaint Rural Comedy,
THB DAIRY FARM.
1200 TIMES IN THE EAST.
"It's a winner." — Call.
"Filled with humor." — Examiner.
"Too few such plays." — Chronicle.
COAST TOUR TO FOLLOW.
Evg.. 25c to 75c; All Three Mats, 15c to 50c.
MONDAY, Aug. 31— Special Season of
FLORENCE ROBERTS.
In THE UNWELCOME MRS. HATCH.
SEAT SALE NEXT MONDAY.
Symphony Concerts.
FRITZ SCHEEL, KM
GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
CHANGES OF DATES OF CONCERTS.
The SYMPHONY SOCIETY anouncfi that
the concerts 'Under the direction of MR.
SCHEEL will take place on TUESDAYS In-
stead of Fridays, at 3:13 p. m. The next con-
cert will be on TUESDAY. Aug. 25. at 3:15 p.
in. The remaining six concerts on: Tuesday.
Sept. 1: Tuesday. Sept. 8; Tuesday. Sept. 13;
Tuesday. Sept 22; Tuesday. Sept. 29; Tuesday,
Oct. 6. Seats on sale at Sherman & Clay's
Music Store, cor. Sutter and Kearny sts..
Thursday morninf? and after. Prle«a: 50c. $1.
$1 25. $1 SO. Tickets good for Tuesdays of the
week of their dates.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND EXCISION
TO NAPA
On the steamer St. Helena: will leave Wash-
ington-street wharf on SUNDAY, August 23,
10 a. m.: taking In all points of Interest; danc-
lnu and music. Round trip, ' 50c. "
AMUSEMENTS.
Ingleside
Coursing
Park.
112
Open Stake
SATURDAY and SUNDAY
Aug. 22 and 23.
First Rundowns on Saturday, beginning: at
11 a. m. sharp. Sunday Coursing will begin at
10:30 sharp and continue till last winning flag
goes up.
TOTAL PRIZES— $960.00
All Mission-Btreet cars transfer to Guerrero
cars, which go direct to Park. G. A. R. vet-
erans admitted free.
THOMAS TIERNET. Judge.
EDWARD SHOR3TAG. Slipper.
> _^
"^ ****** ¦ B O ••¦ **™ — ** proprietors.
Market st., near Eighth. Phons South K5.
TO-NIGHT— TWO LAST NIGHTS.
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
MagnlAcent Production of the Great Civil War
Drama,
"CUMBERLAND '61"
GORGEOUS SCENERY!
SPLENDID STAGE EFTECTS!
BRILLIANT CAST!
SPECIAL WELCOME TO THE GRAND
ARMY!
nnirEC Evenings 10c to 50»»
r KILC3 Matinees 10c. 13c 23o
Aug. 24, Alexander Dumas* Masterpiece.
CAMILLE.
MATIIIEE TO-DAT.—
LAST 8 NIGHTS OF THE SEASON.
...TO-NIGHT...
UNIVERSITY Of CALIFORNIA NIGHT.
HA! HA! HA! CAL-I-FOR-NI-A!
U. C. BERKELEY! ZIP! BOOM! AH!
RAYMOND AND CAVERLY
And Our Sut>erb Eastern Company In the D«-
llghtful College Musical Eccentricity,
"IN HARVARD"
See the scene on the Campus. All the collect
songs, yells, etc.
PRICES— 25c. 30c. 73c.
Five Baby Lions in tbe Zoo.
A GREAT SHOW EVERT AFTERNOON
AND EVENING IN THE THEATER.
Inspect "CABARET DE LA MORT."
VISIT THE POUND AND ONE-HALF BABT
IN THE INFANT INCUBATOR.
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN. •So——
VISIT THE
"MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE"
PfliarP DON'T FAIL TO
laiaWV sce the beautiful
i COURT Lounging
/inn room, the EMPIRE
ailU PARLOR, the
r 1 PALM ROOM, the
Iff/Hid LOUIS XV PAR-
ui aim LOR znd the LA _
O j |^ DIES* WRITING
Hotels 1 So™
EVERY WOMAN
, _ - is interested and should know
-jeSSs!?''v about the wonderful
IIAQIfEl WHIRLING
nlAHVtL spray
lAS^e&M It Injection and Suction.
'SSWMI Best-Safest-Most Con.
Instantly.
AsV year ira jj!s« far K. \ft, fAg£» 7.;t?T&^' — '*^**
If he tannot tupply tho NlS^^T '*&'¦£* iO . .
MARVKL, accept no \^ '"rZJwZtSr*
ether, but *cnA «amp fcr il!i:«- V; f tyZ&S
tmtedhoolc— ¦2»l«'d. It ir»e» Bill V*_ M */*Jr
particulars and dirwrfcom in»alu«bl« [M
toiidte- 9l.«nT«. CO..
Boom 2C3. Xlmt« B«^.. N«w Tork. **!*Wr _j
ADVEBTISEMEHTS.
ABSOLUfFSECURITY
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS most bear
Fac-simile Signature of /&L*c^£^g
a7/S/fivH«r/j9S3«l Sr^wa BJ »» I t*lH3H *™ Bam
m /JtjJ&t&wmJW. /Jiff #i mm w aaS mm m^mmmm mm
Jl|||||§p?Abso!ut;ly CUrel|||| « ¦ « las IS»
SICK HEADACHE. ||||| | \# £T j©
/ /§§riyCir1 TORP!D LIVER - ||§i * ** ™ "^
/Mm \\ FURRED TONGUE.|||! ' . .
W$M ?rsi INDIGESTION. jpgj O| j| | HD
SALLOW SKIN "*™"^™^™^*'™^™"^
Th. v touch d. L I VE R ¦ £3s?
Genuine Wrapper Printed on \y^ _ _ y 1" ~
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The more purely negative soap is,
the nearer does it approach perfection.
Unless you have used Pears' soap
tou probably do not know what we
mean by a soap with no free fat or al-
kali in it— nothing but soap.
Established over xoo years.
CC5CHRECEA iJ3 CBIKABT DISCHABGEJ.
0*vk ill w' ¦ ml Bff»
A CURE 'W * 8 HOURS.
Jvisit DR. JORDAN'S great*
OF ANATOMY^
\ Qr The L»r c ~.t Ajutsoical Museum la tbe \
A _jl ," . World. Weakl>e»e» or any cauncMd I
" fifcf CCT r -'« l » l <' r»»»tl««-l7«-»r«*hy tbr oldest
Q #K ? I if*Ci».ikt on the Cout. tLiLyiyexn. ( I
£ flgWA OR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN
\ I (CGiS Cof^u'.utirn free »nd strictly priTite.
3 I ZJtf/S Trearo-.rr.t prrson»!lr or by Inter. A ,
Y k <f V\M rotrutt O»r« in ererjrc»*« undertake*.
ill j ft Vkrnt for Book. rmi*.OmormlCmt |
f 1 If Ml BlRBUbK, MAILED FKES. ( A '
I |j I valuable book for Ben) ,
9 nit JOBDiV A- to.. lOSl Murk-Pt St.. S. F. I
JA Thos« eufferine from weak-
m^ nesses which gap the pleasures
¦ ¦ ¦ of life should take Juren Pills.
iTJ One bottle trill tell a story of
tnarrelous results. This medicine has more-
r^juvenatine, vitalizing force than has ever
«>**n offered. Sent by mail in plain packace
only on receipt of this adv. and $1.
Made by its oririnators C. L Hood Co.. pro-
prietors Hood'f tSawaparilla. Lowell MubSir T. C. O'Brien, who vm one of the
strongest Middlesex batsmen some years
ago, will brine a team to the 4-nlted
Slates next month at the invitation of
the Philadelphia cricketers In England.
It is proposed to play against the Phtla
delphians now visitint England on Sep
tember 13, 39 and 21 at Philadelphia;
against a Baltimore team at Baltimore
on September 22 and 23; against all-Phila
delphia at Philadelphia on September 25,
IS and 2S; acalnst all-New York at llo~
bokrn or Staten Island on September
=9 and 30: acalnst the Philadelphia Colts
at Philadelphia on October 1, 2 and 4;
against all-Canada at Toronto on Octo
ber 8. 9 and 11. The team "will probably
consist of Irish players only and will be
known as the Gentlemen of Ireland.
There is an unusual number of fine crick
eter* in Ireland this year. The Irish teams
have come oft well In several matches
•*a!nst En£lisn county elevens.
The. team made up by the Marylebone
Cricket Club of England to send to Aus
tralia is not yet settled. P. F. Warner
of the Middlesex County eleven, captain
of Ivord Hawke's team of cricketers who
visited San Francisco last November, was
chosen captain. A. C. Maclaren, one of
the strongest English batsmen, refused
to Dlay under him. A good deal of ill
feeling seems to have been excited.
British Cricketers Coming.
Perhaps the Coast League will find room
for the best of them, but they cannot all
bo used, so many will be turned adrift.
Then the hard struggle will commence, as
it Is too late in the season to go East.
Opposition is a great thing for the ball
player while Its lasts, but "when It comes
to an end the talent suffers extremely,
as will soon be illustrated in the Pacific
National League situation.
The management Of the Pacific Coast
League states that none of the jumpers,
such as Martin Glendon, Jesse Stovall,
Jack Lawler and Johnny Burns, will
ever be allowed to play In the Pacific
Coast League again. The coast people
seem emphatic in their decision and say
these men are doomed as far as coast
baeeball goes.
There are many star players who have
not jumped any contracts and they may
be seen In harness In one or more of the
Coast League teams. Already several of
the Tacoma players have been snapped
up and It is likely many more of the -best
performers In the disbanded teams will
also be hired to play In the Coast League.
1 For instance, Charley Rellly has a team
of stars, any one of whom could easily
make good in the Coast League. All of
them are eligible to come over, excepting
JLstck Walters, who Jumped his contract
with. Parke Wilson's Seattle team at the
begirinini; '• of s the season. Rellly himself
would-be a good man for. some team, but
lie may not bo wanted at all as far as
that goes. -i
THE market will be flooded with ball
players good, bad and indifferent,
now that the Pacific National
League Is at the end of Its rope and ready
to call off the fight. Just what is to be
come^of these ambitious gentlemen, the
balltossers, Is a question that will inter
est both themselves and the baseball pub
lic.
ON the schedule of the California
Cricket Association the event set
down for to-morrow is the return
match between the Alameda and Santa
Cruz clubs at Santa Cruz. It will, how
ever, not be played, Harold WaYd, cap
tain of the Alameda Club, having received
a communication from Secretary Stagg
of the Santa Cruz Cricket Club express
ing regret that it was found- impossible
to get an eleven together to meet ' the
visitors.
The Alameda men are disappointed, as
they had been looking forward to tho
visit to the seaside town. They also feel
somewhat aggrieved, as this is the sec
ond or third occasion on which the Santa
Cruz eleven has failed to play Its return
match against the Alameda team, when
Santa Cruz was to be the scene of > the
game. The Santa Cruz eleven, of course,
forfeits the pennant match, which will
add two points to the score of tho Ala
medans, raising their percentage. The
Alameda captain had made up a strong
eleven to take down to Santa Cruz and
was confidently expecting an Interesting
game.
£ As the match set down between '.the
Alameda and Santa - Cruz clubs for to
morrow at the seaside town has ' fallen
through, the game arranged for the 30th
Inat. between the San Francisco County
and Pacific clubs will be played to-mor
row on the grounds at Webster street,
Alameda. The Pacific eleven will be
picked from H. C. Casidy, A. W. Wild-
Ing, E. T. Langdale, H. D. Bowly, F.
Bennlon, E. H. Lannowe, W. Petherick,-
Dr. O. N. Taylor, C. C. Y. Williamson,
W. Jamleson.-C. W. Johnson, J. J. Theo
bald, W. G. Fortmann and H. N. Stores.
The San Francisco County representa
tives will be chosen from the following:
Harold B. Richardson, -captain; E. G.
Sloman, B. Kortlang, J.'Greer, R. Hook
er, E.* Peterson, H. Roberts, P. R. Johns,
T. Smith, L. R. GUchrest, E. H. Wilkes.
L. J. Holton. W. McCullough. \VY G.
Rowley, J. Stewart and C. Montague.
S. M. Foster. H. Tonkin and J. Cowie
have joined the Alameda Cricket Club.
MANY PLAYERS
ARE LOOKING
FOR POSITIONS
CRICKET GAME
AT SEA BEACH
DECLARED OFF
TWO OF THE RACING MOTOR* CARS WHICH WON AT THE RECENT
AUTOMOBILE TOURNAMENT AT DEL MONTE. MR. HOTALING'S
CAR IS BEING DRIVEN BY S. D. HEWSON.
There will be first and second prizes In
each event besides the challenge trophies.
The A. G. Spauldlng challenge cup for
men's singles was won by George F.
Whitney in 1901 and by L. R, Freeman In
1902. It must be won three times, not
necessarily consecutively.
All matches in which women compete
will be two sets out of three. Heretofore
the finals have been three out of five, but
the governing body in the East decided
that all women's matches should be two
out of three. All matches In men'a
events will be three sets out of five. Play
will begin each day at 10 a. m., continu
ing as the committee may direct. Play
ers not appearing when called upon to
play will be promptly defaulted. Tho fol
lowing committee will be In charge: W.
B. ColllerT S. C. Gay ness. Homer Hotch
klss. Alexander Beyfusa and Grant M.
Smith. R. N. Whitney will act as referee.
There will be no tournaments on the
park courts until the new asphalt courts
now being built are completed. There
will be a big tournament In the early part
of October.
The singles challenge matches, both
men's and women's, will" be played on
September 9. The doubles challenge
matches will both bo played Saturday.
September 5. The mixed doubles chal
lenge match will be played Monday, Sep
tember 7.
The winners of the different events will
be called upon to play the present cham
pions. They are as follows: Lewis R.
Freeman.' men's single: L. R- Freeman
and Alfonso Bell, men's doubles; Miss
May Sutton. women's singles; Misses
May and Violet Sutton, women's doubles;
Miss Gabriel Dobbins and A. E. Bell,
mixed doubles..
Should the Easterners come the chances
are tho drawing in the men's singles ami
doubles will be "seeded." In doubles
Wright and Ward would be put in one
half and MacGavin ami Smith in the
other. This would insure a good match
in the final as well as In the challenge
round. In singles it would be advisable
to "seed" Bell, MacGavin, Smith, Collier.
Ward and Wright.
The tournament will begin on the 21st
inst. at 10 a. m. and will be finished Sep
tember 9. The order of events will be as
follows: lien's singles, Wednesday. Sep
tember 2; men's doubles, Monday, August
31; women's singles, Tuesday. September
1 ;women's doubles, Friday, September 4.
Mixed doubles will be announced on th«
courts. A fee of $1 will be charged each
player in the first event entered, and 50
cents for each additional event. Entries
In all events except mixed doubles will
close Saturday, the 20th Inst.. at 4 p. rn.
The drawings will be held at the Califor
nia Tennis Club, Scott and Bush streets.
at 5 p. m. df the same day. Entries
should be sent to W. B. Collier Jr.. 2503
Pacific avenue.
WITH tho annual coast champion
ship tennis tournament «but a
week away little time remains for
the cracks to round. Into form. A!l of
the experts are doing their utmost to be
at their best in case they should be called
upon to play the Eastern champions.
It 13 almost a certainty that Beals
Wright and Holcombe Ward will journey
to the coast and participate In the com
ing tournaments. With these men irr the
ranks the events will be the most inter
esting ever held on the coa3t. Wright
and Ward both rank among the first five
players In the United States, and al
though they are not a regular doubles
team they will make a strong combina
tion.
The Corinthian fleet returned last Sun
day from the annual cruise up the Sac
ramento River. Commodore E. F. Sager
carried his flag on the sloop Emma, which
was accompanied by the sloops Speedwell,
Merope, Elsie, Belle, Aeolus, Meteor and
Neptune. The fleet started from Tlburon
on Saturday, the 8th Inst.
pionshlp of 1900. P. W. Leathart was the
best player at the University of Cam
bridge for three years. H. Beverldge has
been one of the strongest Oxford players
for the past four years. He beat Hilton.
In the last contest for the amateur cham
pionship of Great Britain. H. G. B. Ellis
has been described by Horace Hutchlnson
as "the stralghtest player, In the world."
He has an easy, beautiful swing and fin
ishes high over his head. D. Ransome
has played for the University of Cam
bridge. A. C. M. Croome. and C. N. -Day
are good all-round athletes and excellent
golfers. Except Croome and Low, all the
players belong; to tho younger school of
golf.
The anchor race will be a handicap
event, the time limit being four hours.
The race will be under- the management
of the regatta committee, 2on3ist'.ng of
August R. F. Brandes, chairman; R. L.
Eamcs and William McBain. Marshall
and Thompson's sloop Thelma, which has
won every event of the California Yacht
Club this season, Is scratch boat, the rest
receiving handicaps in minutes as fol
lows: Yawl lola, 4; sloop Rover, 5; sljcp
Jessie B, <?; yawl Gyppie, S; elojp Unpy,
9; sloop Pactolus, 11; yawl Arcturus, 13;
sloop Secret, 15; sloop Mollie Wogpln,
15; yawl Idler, 20; sloop Spray, 21; sloop
Masccttc. 22; schooner Challenge, sloop
Occident and yawl Pilgrim, 23; sloop Klt
tie, 24; sloop Catherine, 25; sloop U and I,
30; yawl Nereid. 31; schooner Frances, 35;
Bloop Dixie, S8; yawl El - ,Ueyo, 37;
yawl Bachelor, 38; sloop Amy, SO; sloop
Surf, 40; sloop Mist, 42; vawl Mabel A,
50; sloop' Vixen. 55; sloop Shamrock III, 60.
The yachts of the California Club will
raco to-morrow for the anchor presented
by ono of its members and for other
prizes. A course has been laid out over
smooth water and In such a manner that
a good view can bo obtained of the start.
The preparatory gun will be fired at 11:50
a. m.
THIS evening the fleet of the . San
Francisco Yacht Club will cruise on
the flood tide, which continues tun
ning until cons'derabiy after midnight in
the upper bay, to Vallejo, where it will
anchor for the night. The fleet will race
down to-morrow from the float of the
Vallejo Yachting Club to Sausalito, with
time allowances. This is the second Val
lejo race of the present year, the first
having taken place on Sunday. May 31.
As only three boats finished on that day,
the wind being light and fluky, and four
cups were offered, the fourth was raced
for on Sunday, July 5, between the sloop3
Thetis, Surprise and Halcyon, the first
named winning. The schooner Chispa and
the yawl Tramontana are the standard
boats and th« other yachts receive time
allowances as follows: Challenger, 5 min
utes; Rover and' Queen, 20 minutes;
Aeolus, 25 minutes; Amigo, 40 minutes;
Thetis, 45 minutes; Curlew, 'formerly Cyg
nus, the yav.is Phyllis, Royal and Wave,
the sloops Haicyon, Surprise and Juauita,
1 hour and 10 minutes; tho sloop Detvey,
1 hour'and 25 minutes; the Eloops Violet,
Anita, Cy and Alice, 1 hour and 40 min
utes.
This is the car that was ppecially de
signed by Alexander Wlnton for the re
cent race in Ireland for the Gordon Ben
nett trophy and •ut6mobilists .would
be delimited to have an opportunity of
eyeing it here.
cThe automobiliets of this city, whether
private owners or dealers, are strongly in
favor of the meet and the principal dif
ficulty will be to find a competent man
ager who will take all the details of the
affair In hand. It Is proposed to hold a
meet in Los Angeles Immediately after
the Ean Francisco tournament, so that
t'.ie men from the Eastern Elates can take
part in both events.
ation by California Club
n^HE recent tournament of th"? Auto
| mobile Club of California at Del
A Mon'e was fo successful an.1 excited
to much interest amor; the automobilists
snd the public that other meets are rcn
tprtplated. It is thought likely the man
agers of the F.tate Fair at Sacramento
will make arrangements for an afternoon
of automobile racing and that a meet may
be held 8t Frepno in October. J. Parker
Lyon. the president of the automobile
Club of Fresno, attended the Del Monte
meet and believe? that Fr>me interesting
races could be arranged in his city.
A meeting r>f the directors of the Auto
mobile Club of California and well known
San Franrtsco automobilists was held yes
terday, at which F. A. Hyde, president;
E Courtney Ford, vice president, and E.
P. Brinepar, secretary of the club; C. A.
Hawkins, G. A. Boyer and others were
present. The project was discussed of
holding a large meeting; on the Ingleside
race track in October or November and
of bringing out Henri Fournier. who is
about to r<--turn to the United States; Bar
rey OlflfleM and other famous automobile
racing men. Barney Oldfield Is one of
the most brilliant and daring of automo
bile racing men, allowing the rear wheels
of his machine to Ekid at the curves in a
truly alarminjj manner. He has been en
paged for the rest of the season at least
to rare for Alexander TVinton on the car
named BuIIft II.
Henri Fournier and Barney
Oldfield Under Consider-
Will Race Down To-Morrow
From Ship Independence
to Sausalito Clubhouse
C. E. Orr of Pasadena was at Del Monte
I during the automobile tournament. He
was the amateur champion of Southern
California in 1900 and is a player of much
experience, both in this country and Great
Britain. E. R. Folger has been one of
the strongest players of the Oakland Golf
Club since Its foundation and won the
first amateur championship of the Pacific
Coast Golf Association. J. A. Folger, his
brother, took up golf at tho same time,
and. as he plays a great deal on the Bur
lingame links, is familiar with a hard, dry
course. He won the Del Monte cup for
men last year. A. J. Harvey is the
strongest player of the San Rafael Golf
Club, of which R. Gilman Brown is a
scratch player.
The amateur championship of the
United States Golf Association will be
played on the links of the Nassau County
Club, September 1 to 5 inclusive."
I The team now in this country represent
ing the Oxford-Cambridge Golfing Society
. is a strong one. J. J. Low won the bronze
I medal in the amateur championship of
Great Britain in 1S37 and 18S8, being beaten
in each case after a tie, and won the sil
ver medal In 1901, being beaten 1 up by H.
H. Hilton. He has \ron more than thirty
scratch prizes and is said to be invin
cible on the green. Norman Hunter
j played for Scotland this year and Is con
sidered one of the longest drivers living.
I Since coming to the United States he has
established a new record for an Eastern
course, upon which Harry Varden, Alex
and Willie Smith. Willie Anderson and
most of the best known professionals in.
the country have played. J. A. T. Brans
ton played for England last year and won
tho bronze medal In the amateur cham-
The Northern clubs will he represented
by J. W. Byrne of the San Francisco Golf
Club: E. R. Folger, J. A. Folder, W. P.
Johnson and R. M. Fitzgerald of the Oak
land Golf Club; A. J. Harvey and R. G.
Brown of, the San Rafael Golf Club.
Robert Johnston?, tho professional of the
San Francisco Golf Club and winner of
the open championship of the Pacific
Coast Golf Association in IDOIr F. J.
Rellly, professional of the Burlinsame
Country Club, holder of the open cham
pionship, and the foregoing amateurs will
play in the open event.
C. E. Maud is the amateur champion of
the Pacific Coast Golf Association, hav
ing won the title on the Presidio links in
March of the present year against Walter
Fairbanks. C. E. Orr, H. C. Golcher. E.
R. Folger. W. P. Johnson and other crack
golfers. Having been at Del Monte for
the past few weeks, he Is In good form
and familiar with the course. The events
will not be played over the old course.
This was a Bhort one of nine holes, three
of which were less than 200 yard3 Ions.
The whole length was only 22C8 yards,
with a bogey of thirty-nine. The new
course will bo a much better and larger
one.
of the Pasadena Country Club. J. B.
Menzies of Merced and J. W. Wilson of
Rcdlands.
Among th,e Southern Callfornians wilt
C. E. Maud, J. Edwards, W. Frederickson,
T. J. Broad. E. B. Tufts, J. A. Brown. E.
Jones and W. Butler of the Los Angeles
Country Club; C. E. Orr and J. S. Cravens
DEL. MONTE is the attraction that Is
drawing golfers from Northern and
Southern California. Many of the
strongest players in the StatP will be
there to-day ready for th» annual tour
nament of the Pacific Coast Golf Asso
ciation.
Many of Strongest Players
in State Will Try New
Del Monte Course To- Day
Puppy utajie — Ploughman. Our Motto
Queen's Motto. Pacing Billy. Cubanola, Part
away. Fre« From FUw. Fancy Free. Raby
Aurora. King Death. Concord Tralee. Irish
Lad, Cremo McVey.
Open stake — Lord Brazen, Reno." Clover Jale
Reckless Acrobat. 2Si Amlgo. Fontenoy, Ruby
Sankey. Real Article. Haphazard. . Mickey
Frte. Fenli. Roman Athlete. Tralee Boy
Rector. False- Alarm. Pocatelli. Honest John*
Viking. Liberator, Vandal. *Red Rork. Snap^
Der Garrison. Peruer Hill. Airy McDonald.
The principal candidates for the- Futurity
will be seen in action to-morrow at Union
Coursing Park. Twenty-eight of them
are In the puppy stake, while Ml Amlgo,
Fair Tralee and others are In the open
event. The speed of Fair Tralee will be
tested severely, as he meets the great
Pocatelll in his first course. The likely
winners look to be:
Tobasco Bob, Bob K. Otto, Pofala. Cascade,
Shadow, Wedgewood. White Hat. Grace W,
Dorothy M, Medley, Bonnie Huthie,- / Roy
Hughle. Tom Hurllck. Wattles, Glaucus. Oo On,
Presidio Boy. Mary Ann. Modest Beauty, Young
Fearless. Belfast, Ml«» Wilson. Rock and Rye,
White Buck. Special. Odd Eyes, King's Pride.
Melrose. Siren. Sempronlus, Little Merey. Yu
kon. Firm Fellow. Golden Licks, Flora Delle
Reta S. Terah. Pasha Pleasant. Pasha Queen,
Aggie W, Vina. Flower ol Kerry. Pure Gold,
Pretty Face, Haddlngton, General de Wet,
Royal Friend, Renegade Apache, Una. Oulda
Golden Rul«, Creswlck, Sir Pasha. Mount Rose
Master Clair.
The coursing at Ingleside Park to-day
will commence at 11 o'clock. One hun
dred and twelve dogs are entereu for the
stake. The coursing will commence to
morrow at 10:30. The likely winners look
to be:
Ten greyhounds from the kennel of
Dr. Q. Van Hummel of Indianapolis ar-
Tived here some days since in charge of
Mllo Caine. Several are in the running
this week at Ingleside. The string In
cludes Van Nora, a good performer, which
showed well In the Waterloo cup; J. E.
H., runner-up In the Eastern Futurity;
Redwood Lad, which beat Lord Brazen
in the Waterloo cup; Van Noye, which
showed to advantage In Eastern stakes;
Roulette, Van Dolla and Van Alba, which
never started, and three puppies. Foxy
Quillcr. Margaret and Lady Pinto.
The Bntte Coursing Club bid $1100 for
the Waterloo cup and the Derby, but tho
bid was not mailed at the proper time
and the meeting went to Oklahoma City.
The latter carried oK the prize with a
bid of $1023.
Thomas Hall, the Merced coursing man.
tried out four of his Futurity candidates
last Monday at Union Park. Two were
by Wild Tralee-Rose of Tralee. one by
Wild Tralee-Palmyra and one by Johnnie
Rex-Hall's Black Bess.
ANDREW DEAN has been chosen
judge of the coursing at Union
Park In San Mateo County in the
absence of Judge John Grace. The latter
was seriously injured through his horse
falling on him two weeks ago. He was
succeeded last Sunday by bis son. The
violent character of the work proved too
great a strain on the latter and he found
it advisable to retire.
Mr. Dean has been at Fort Bragg on a
vacation trip and will return to-day. Hia
first judging was done at the old San
Mateo Park when the gates of Ingleslde
were closed. He then judged for a season
at Melrose Park. This will be his first
appearance In the saddle at Union Park.
The postponed meeting of the Inter
state Coursing Club will be held in Pyth
ian Castle next Wednesday evening. The
principal business will be the selection of
a date for this year's coursing Futurity.
It is run annually early in September.
Will Be in the Saddle on
the San Mateo Field 'To-
Morrow for First Time
GOLF EXPERTS
YEARNING FOR
CHAMPIONSHIP
SAN FRANCISCO
TARS TO MAKE
MARE ISLAND
ANDREW DEAN
TO JUDGE AT
UNION PARK
NOTED MOTOR
DRIVERS MAY
APPEAR HERE
Tennis Champions Wright
and Ward Are Expected
at San Rafael Tournament
COAST EXPERTS
MAY MEET THE
EASTERN MEN
AUTOMOBILISTS PLANNING TOURN AMENT
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 22, 1903.
We know something, but refuse to print
It. We have told It to a few, but If the
man it's about hears that we talked
about It we'll deny It.
8No, Maude, dear; .airbrakes are. not
necessarily confined to flying machine's.
The greatest pumping plant in the
world is one which draws 3,000,000 gallons
of water a day 387. miles to the gold fields
at Bulla Bulling. Australia. .'"¦
, CHEHALIS, Wash., Aug. 21,— Three
men are dead as the result of an accident
on a logging road at Peel.. The, logging
engine was backing down a grade, pulling
two cars loaded with logs, when the en
gine Jumped the track. Five men were
on the engine when It turned over. En
gineer Hedrick was Instantly killed and
John Hammaker and a man named Ko
burg were so badlyilcalded that they died.
Engine Is Overturned on a Grade
and Railroad Employes
. Suffer. \v~
ACCIDENT TO TRAIN
CAUSES THREE DEATHS
NEW YORK, Aug. 21.— There is every
indication that two international fights
will be • decided at San Francisco next
winter. Tho first will probably be between
Ben Jordan and Young Corbett, and tho
other between Jimmy Britt and Jabez
White, the English lightweight champion.
About a week ago Morris Levy, match
maker of the Hayes Valley Athletic Club
of San Francisco, cabled to White ask
ing him If he would pome to America and
meet Britt before his club. Levy . haa
since heard from White, who says he will
undertake the trip, as soon as he is con
vinced of Britt's sincerity. Britt has al
ready affixed his signature to the club's
articles.' ' ,'-'- .
International Matches on the Card.
The singing society of the San Fran
cisco Turn Verein will give a grand con
'cert and ball on Sunday evening", August
23, at Turn Verein Hall, 353 Turk street.
The programme will consist of a,so
prano solo by Mrs. F. Hausmann; cello
solo by L. Von der Mehden Jr.; the mu
sical comedians, Hans VaronI tend Max
Dunow; soprano solo by Miss Zltha Beck;
selections by the San Francisco Zither
Club; grand chorus with orchestra ac
companiment, participated In by the Oak
land Singing S6dety, Alpenrosll Singing
Society, Schwaben Verein Slnginr Society
and San Francisco Turn Verein Singing
Society;
• All visiting Grand Army people are cor
dially invited to attend, especially those
who are members of tho Turn Verein so
cieties throughout the United States.
Splendid Musical Programme Is Pre
pared for Entertainment of
Members and Visitors.
TUBN VEREIN WILL GIVE
• GRAND CONCERT AND BALL
Denver, Northwestern and Pacific
Holds Its Annual Meeting.
DENVER, Aug. 21.— Harmony charac
terised the annual meeting of the Den
vor. Northwestern and Pacific Railroad
his^aftemoon and all directors and of
: ' <-rs were re-elected, as follows: Dl-
Mctnrs, D. H. Moffatt, W. O. Evans, C.
I Hughes Jr., Frank B. Gibson, S. M.
i'rrry W. S. Checseman and Thomas
Keeley: president. D. H. Moffatt; vice
: resident.,' F. H. Erans; secretary. F. B.
•Jibson; treasurer, Thomas Keeley; gen
• ral counsel, C. J. Hughes Jr.
It was reported by the Colorado-Utah
'instruction Company, having the con
tract for building and equipping the Mof
f&tt road, that work was proceeding rap
l^ly and that the work of building a tem
porary line over the range would soon
lrf (?in. Reports showed that surveying
rartirs west of the range were seeking
the most advantageous route and that
thr>rt>. was every reason to believe that the
route would be very easy.
RAILWAY OFFICEBS ELECTED.
VIOLATORS OF GAME LAWS
ARE MADE TO PAY FINES
The deputies of the Board of Fish Com
miFsSoners are making a great effort to
Fuppress^the wholesale violation of the
game laws. A large number of arrests
have bren made in many of the counties
throughout the State. »¦,;>,-
Deputy Fi5h Commissioner nnd Game
Warden Webb Toms of San Diego County
recently arrested Stevo Ghio for shooting
quail. Frank Suiser for shooting quail
and Joe He. a Chinaman, for having un
derslz» crawfish in his possession. They
were taken before Judge Tlforp of San
Diego and fined 125 each.
Deputy A. F. Lee, who has been work
ing in Lake County, came to this city
and arrested G. W. Thomas, a drayman,
and returned with him to ICelseyville,
where he charged him before Judge Hunt
with having killed deer before the sea
son opened, and also with having killed a
doe. Thomas pleaded guilty and paid a
fine of $75.
Deputy Basset, also of Lake County,
arrested E. Griffith, a boy 14 years old,
and Victor Holmstead. The two offend
ers were charged before Judge Hunt with
having killed a doe. Holmstead paid a
tine of $25.
Deputy L. N. Kcrcheval arrested W. F.
Roberts, a fish dealer at 271S California
street, and charged him with having
small bass In his possession. Later Dep
uty J. T. Ingles arrested II. Horseman,
who Is salesman for Roberts, and charged
him with Belling underslze bass. They
paid a fine of $25 each.
Constable Agnew of San Rafael arrest
ed James A- Gardner and R. Logan and
charged, them before. Judge Magee with
having shot a doe. Logan, who is a min
ister. Rtatcd that iho saw. the animal In
the brush and fired without ascertaining
what. the /mimal was. Gardner, who was
present, assisted in disposing of the flesh
of the doe, and was therefore fined $23.
Logan was fined $30.
Mike Synf y and Harry Trolsen fought
three vicious rounds, the latter fading
away from sheer weakness in tho third.
Harry Lannahan put Davo Campbell to
the carpet for the count in the third
round, after the latter had his man
beaten. Billy Duffy earned the decision
over Pierpont Ordway after a fight full
of hard hitting and much gameness on
the part of both boys. William Borsl
easily knocked .out William 'Perkins in
the first round of their engagement.
Billy Platt, another navy lad, met
Healy Conna, an Australian lightweight,
and finished the latter with one fierce
uppcrcut during a mlxup in the initial
round. Kid Parker had an easy game
with Harry Brown. The latter deliberate
ly quit In the second round after getting
a gentle tap in the region of the shoul
der.
William Stewart, the welterweight
champion, of . the navy, fought a great
four-round uphill battle with Bonar Wilt
and won the decision. It was a gieat
fight from the call^of time. Stewart was
all but gone in the second round, when he
received a stiff right on the point of. the
jaw. He rallied and fought back, gain
ing steadily on his opponent until he
finally wore him out and earned the de
cision.
THE monthly exhibition of the San
Francisco Athletic Club last night
was one of the best amateur pro
grammes seen here In many months.
Aside from the regulation four-round
scraps, the evening's entertainment was
varied by an exhibition of boxing by two
French exponents of the flstic game from
the cruiser Protet now in the harbor.
They went through their work to the de
lisht of the spectators and were ap
plauded time and time again, although
the followers of boxing did not know what
it all meant.
Battle - but Shows Both
Gameness and Science.
Sailor Boy Fights an Uphill
2:03 pacing class, purso $1000, two In three
— Dariel won the second and third heats in
2:12, 2:00: Harold H. won the first heat la
2:04%. Dan R. also started.
2:24 pace class, purse $1000 — Al Bock won
two straight heats in 2:11%, 2:11. Fred H.,
Ethel Mac. Burnadet, Virginia and Bion Girl
also started. * ,
2:12 pacing, purse $1000 — Strathline won two
straight heats in 2:08H. 2:07%. Jessie S.,
Paare Hal, Mary Anna, Dan L., John W. Pat
terson, John F., Rlcocolo, Don Cozinc and
Hero Alcyon also started.
2:0i) trotting class, purse $1000 — Maxlnc won
the tint and third heats In 2:08%, 2:00%;
Wentworth won the second hrat In 2:00^4.
Walnut Hall. Baron De Shay, Wllque, Dulce
Cor. Idolita, I, J. D.. Palm Leaf and the Ko
man also started.
2: IS class pace, purse $1000 — J>illon Boy won
the second and third heats in 2:10^4 2:12)4;
Prince Grecnlander won* the flrnt heat in
2:wst%. Millard Sanders. Kred McClung. Ber
muda Maid, Ben Hal, Direct View and Free
Silver also started.
, 2:o8 pace, purse fltXM>, mile and a quarter
dash — Hervola won in 2:33. Albert, I>ccenda,
Mis3 Willamont, Brawn Heels, BOrdena, Trilby
Direct, Council Chimes, Nonamee and Suffreet
also started.
NEW YORK. Aug. 21.-After a day's
delay on account of a heavy track
the Grand Circuit meeting was re
sumed to-day at Brighton Beach before
5000 people. -
The big event of the card was the $20,000
Bonner stakes for the 2:12 trotters, which
was won by Hawthorne. The bttting was
heavy, Billy Buck selling for $1000 to $700
for the field. The favorite won the first
heat by half a length from Jim Ferry,
with Swift a close third. In the second
heat he was beaten in a close and ex
citir.g finish by a rank outsider, Haw
thorne, with Teverton second. In the
third heat at the first turn Swift stumbled
and swerved into Hawthorne and both
went down. The horses were soon caught.
In the meantime Klnney Lou had as
sumed the lead and won th<> heat by • a
narrow margin amidst a volley of cheers
for his driver, the veteran Budd Doble.
In the fourth heat Kinney i/ou led to
the head of the home stretch, with Billy
Buck and Hawthorne close up. Here
Hawthorne came up with a splendid burst
of spped and won easily by a length.
The next heat was close from start to
finish, Hawthorne winning by tw©
lengths, with the other two tired out.
He sold for $190 In a $2000 pool. Sum
mary: ! .'
The Bonn*r mpmorlal. $20,000 purse, for 2:12
<"lasi«, trottine — Hawthorne win the second,
fourth and fifth heats in 2:08%,. 2:00 and
2:00*4; Billy Mack won the nrst heat in
2:ftS-"Si; Klnney l»u won tlfe third heat in
2:(iO t ,4. Tiverton, Jim Ferry. PromlBe,' Oeorge
Muscovite, Judge Culkn, Frances B., El Mlla
gro, John C, Authoress and Swift lilfto started.
The John II. Schultx, $5000 purse, for 4-year
clds, 2:25 olaes — Fudge Greene won three
straight heats in 2:11?4. 2:1OV4 and 2:1OV4.
"Walnsrott, Margaret Bathgate, Boreaselle,
Ilene ami Miss Itosedale also started.
Rank Outsider in the Bet
ting Wins the Rich Bonner
Memorial' From Big Field.
STEWART WINS
FROM WILT IN
FOUR ROUNDS
"While we were In the North and the
Northwest we made money, but since we
reached Los 'Angeles there is nothing for
us to play for. In fact, there is nothing
in the way ( , of opposition to bo looked
after, as Morley and Harris 'have every
thing their own way. Regarding next
year I cannot say, but I think it is Mr.
Hart's idea to form a six or eight team
league,' to incVude San Francisco. Sacra
mento. Oakland, Los Angeles. Fresno,
BakerBdeld. Santa Barbara or San Diego
and San Jose, where the teams would
give good ball and with first class play
ers and both leagues work in harmony
with each other. Hart has not said any
thing about this league, but -he knows
that Morley and Harris are after such
a combination and probably it will be
made." , - .
T. J. Meyers. Hart's representative,
who is in Los Angeles, was given au
thority to pay all players and other credi
tors up to last night. Orders were also
given to take tho San Francisco team
home. The team left on to-night's Owl
train. In an interview to-night Meyers
eaid:
It is not known if the order affects the
San Francisco Club, but similar action
regarding that team is expected, as both
clubs are controlled by the same interr
ests., Durlnsr the present week the at
tendance at the two srames, the first
played by the Pacific National l^eague in
Fix weeks, has been light. The local team
has been a losing venture in its homo se
ries ever since it was established here,
having failed to draw from tho start.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 21. -Orders to
disband the Los Angeles Club of
the Pacific National Baseball League
were received to-day from San Francisco
by Manager Greeley Bentley and Cap
tain Rellly. The manager was instructed
to pay all bills up to last night and to
dismiss the players immediately. The
game scheduled to be played this after
noon with the San Francisco Club was
called off and the present series termin
ated.
League Abandons the City
in Southern Orange Belt
Pacific National Baseball
LOS ANGELES
CLUB DISBANDS
UNEXPECTEDLY
PROMINENT ATHLETIC OFFICIAL OF THIS COAST WHO FELI^ A
VICTIM LAST NIGHT TO ACADEMIC LEAGUE POLITICS IN THE
ANNUAL ELECTION OF OFFICERS.
$20,000 STAKE
FOR HAWTHORNE
AT BRIGHTON
T> HE annual meeting and election of
I officers of the Academic Athletic
A League was held last night In the
rooms of the Pacific Athletic Association
in the Emma Spreckels building.
As but one candidate was nominated
for each office, the secretary cast the bal
lot for the board. The new officers are:
E.. B. Gould of Stockton High School,
president; W. J. Palethorpe, vice presi
dent; Will Potts, secretary; L. D. Ins
keep, treasurer; P. K. Rausch, delegate to
the Pacific Athletic Association; auditor,
Fred Koch.
The sensation of the meeting was the
fact that the name of Herbert Hauser,
supposed to be the only candidate, was
not presented when nominations were
called for the office of president; From
his long association with athletics it was
thought he would make an excellent head
for the league, which is in a prosperous
condition. He had the avowed support of
the delegates of the country schools, but
they were not present at the meeting to
vote. Another faction of the league
brought ilr. Gould from under cover at
the last moment when It was supposed
there would be no .opposition and he ap
peared as the only candidate before the
meeting. .
The date of the semi-annual field day
was fixed for October 11 on Berkeley oval.
The final football game for the champion
ship of the league will be played on No
vember 7.
By the New York Telegraph.
First race — Girdle, Hurstbourne,
Duke of Kendal. *
Second race— Land of Clover, Lav
ator, Valdez.
Third race — Abdell, Reliance,
Highball.
Fourth race — Irish I*ad, Water
Boy, Hermis.
Fifth race— Mercury, Hamburg
Belle, Mineola.
Sixth race — Sweet Alice, j Past,
Hoodwink.
SARATOGA SELECTIONS.
Second race, shillelah steeplechase, about
two and a hVlf miles — Rowdy 151, Land of
Clover 161 Valdeit 154. Fulminate 1€2. Caller
137 Lavator ieS./Arlan 130. Whlneray 148.
<Whlneray formerly Pawnbroker.)
Third face — Six furlongs. two-year-old*.
Grand Union Hotel stakes — Green Crest lift.
Highball 117 Crown Prince 110. Stalwart 117,
Reliance 110 Not Cracker 110 Palmbearer 122.
Odd Saint J22 Abdell 110, Rap!il Water 117.
Moharlb 11", Dimple 109, Don John 110. Gal
lant 122.
Fourth ra<-e. mile and eix furlongs, three
year-old* and up $10,000 Saratoga cup — Mc
<~hesney 126 Water Boy 128. Heno 120. Irish
Lad 11«J Africander 116. Hermls 126, Circus
326.
Fifth race five 2nd a half furlongs, two
year-olds— Afirlutha 100. Bronx 117, Long Shot
117 Graceful 114 Mercury 112. Mlneola f©3.
Strlphon 112, Beldanie 11*. f-ais 112. Race
King 117 Komombo UMt Grenade 114. Ham
burg Belle 114. Raider 112. H«zlowoo.l 117.
Sixth race mile and a sixteenth, on turf,
pelling three- j«?ar-olds— GoM Bell 100. Black
HusBaf 1<W. Florham Queen Ofi. Past 88. Sweet
Alice 01 Flara 10?.. Easy Street 1OH. Satire
100 Slld'ell lOfi Lord Advocate 103. Hoodwink
9<? F.arl of Warwick 01. Oa\-1ota 95.
Weather clesr. Track heavy.
SARATOGA ENTRIES.
NEW YORK. Aur. 21.— Saratoga entries:
First race, feven fur'.oners. handicap, for all
«j?es — Young Henry 12« Hurstbourne 120, Re
liable 117 Mono^raDh 112 Duke of Kendall
111 Rostand 110. Girdle i<H. Carbuncle 104.
Futurlta 105 The Carmelite 103, Lord Badge
102 Illvria 05.
Time. 1 :r»!». Start gnod. Wen driving. Win
ner. .1. M. P. Martin's h. c. hy Rossington- Annie
Brad. Peninsula OS. Florham Queen OC, Lu
cent J01. Bob Hilliard 03, also ran. . '
- SIXTH RACK— One anri an eighth miles on
turf: soiling; three-year-olds and upward.
Brtting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. •% Fin.
t, to 1— Stonewall, 1OJ (Gannon)... 4 4 1 %
S to 1 — n.irk Plar.ct, 103 (J.Martin) » 1 2 5
7 to I — Flura. Ill <Creamer) 12 3 2
FIFTH RACE — Six furlongs; purse; maiden
two-year-olds.
Bettlnff. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
j« t r . 5— Naughty Ladj.UO (Cchrn) 2 4 13
2U to 1— Silver Meade.110 (Gannon) 4 3 2 2
5 to 1— Salada. 110 iJ. Martin)... 6 1 3 2
Time. 1:1«. Start good. Won handily.
Winner. G. M. Brown's ch. f. hy Enher-Kitty
Grearne. Esperanoe 11". Matrdala 110. Redman
11<>. Clyt!? 1 lli>, Applause 110, also ran.
FOJ'RTH RACE — One and three-sisteenths
miles; The Huron handicap: thrce-j-ear-olin.
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. *4 Fin.
1 to 1— Phcit Hose, ll!» (Haack).. .'! .'J 1 1
5 to 1 — Rigoion. 114 (Gannon) 112 1
C to 1 — Reservation, 100 (Munroe). 5 5 3 '4
Time, 2:C2 .'5-5. Start good . Won easily.
Winner. Goughacre stable' e br. c. by Atheling-
Mif« Glennon. Sheriff Bell 1C5. Troper 113,
also ran.
THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
handicap; two-year-olds.
Dpuing. Hor*e. Weisht. Jockey. St. % Fin.
O to 1 — Grazialla, 10S (Fuller) 5 112
IS to 5 — Kohlnoor. 114 (Gannon)... 2 » 2 h
7 to 1— Rain or Shine, 111 (Rdfrn) 14 3 1
Time, 1 :08 4-0. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner, Columbia ."table's b. c. by Rapallo-
Graztosa. Monster US, Collector Jessup 115,
San Remo 103. I3aih Beach llti. Rowena 108,
also ran.
SECOND RACE— One mile; puree; maiden
three-year-old*.
Betting. Horne. Weight, Jockey. St. «i Fin.
4 to 1 — Canajoharie, 112 (Hicks).. 2 116
3 to 1 — Pan L<ougin. 112 (Odom).- S 3 2 1
15 to 1 — Rockmart. 107 (Jenkins).. 3 2 3 1%
Time, 1:44. Start fair. Won easily. Win
ner. T. Hitchcock Jr.'s b. c. by Potomac-Cale
donia. Semper Vivax 109, Calcutta 10:». Pass
book 100, Innsbruck 112, Albany Girl 107, alao
ran.
QNARATOGA, N. Y.. Aug. 21.-Short
Hose easily beat his four opponents
in the Huron handicap. He was
heavily played. Short Hose stumbled at
the start, but quickly recovered and went
after the leaders. The pace was slow oy
comparison with other races run here
when th«* track was In first-class condi
tion, which it was not to-day. When
Haack got ready he lot Short Hose have
hia head and the rest was easy.
Close observers of the third race, a
handicap for 2-year-olds, say that Mon
ster was the best horse in the race, Judg
hift from the fact that he was the list
to get in motion and was closing fast in
the last eighty yards, after having made
an extraordinary wide turn. He finished
fourth. Summaries:
FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs; Belling;
three-year-olds and upward.
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. •; Fin.
7 to 1 — Conundrum. 100 (O"Neill).. 4 2 1 h
3 to 1— The Musketeer. 103 (Fuller) 1 1 2 %
8 to 1— Stroller. W> (J. Martin) 5 3 3 .'<
Time. 1:2$ 2-5. Start bad. Won driving.
Winner, J. A. Drake*s b. g. Dy Charade-Lydia
Belle. Tam O'Shanter 103. Locket 103, Ro
sanco 01, Esherin ifj, Highlander 108, also ran.
Special Dispatch to' The Call.
BUTTE. Mont.. Aug. 21.— Butte was fhut
out to-<3ay for the first time on the honv;
crtmnfl*. Damtnann** curve* could not be de
riph^rw! by the looels. They w«»r*» abl»! to gel
hut six scattered hita off htm. Score:
it. a. e.
,...000000000 — 0 « 1
BpokUM 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1—1 8j i^J
Hattfries— Dowlins ani Swinirlls; Dammann
uad Il<inson. Umpirt- — Caruthcr^.
HALT UKE. Utah. Auk. 21.— With the
aw well In hand tho Eldors became llBtlrss
t,d allowed the rtsltora to tie the score. With
• he *«ore rtiH tied In the ninth Hortqr pound
• d o-t a two-baeg'r; Freeman followed with a
,;ncle. ecoring Hurley and winning the game".
S ke .:::::JoSSSS2SS^ M 1
Hfifterlcs— Tozier and Anderson; Hlckey and
Manley, fmrlre — Hurton.
Find It Impossible to Solve the
Carves of Dammarm.
BUTTE IS SHUT OUT.
Wind Prevents Use of Curves and
Many Hits Are Madp.
PACRAMEXTO, A\ig. 21. — Prohablr the
r^ateet batting rally <?'.«• known in the his
tory of frofrsrional ball occurred h^re this aft
*raoon The members r,t th» P^attlp t^am
corn«^-t»'1 with th» dflivprj' of P!ti~hr-r Thomas
1t tm rtra'pht hit*. mak5n*r ficht runs b»
fors a man «"»ia refir<vJ. Hiarhcs vra« also bat.
f«1 hard. Thorr.as an<J McLauglil'.n makini?
triples ani Graham a h"m<» rtm. Tfce trouble
wnm <~ous*'1 by a Ftrong croes wind and the
pitchers couM not use th«>ir curves. Score:
R. H. E.
P*rrair-ento ....0 03IO01O 2- 7 13 O
Be*ttt« 0 1 OOO OS Ox— 9 14 3
F.att»!r1»'S — Thoicas, Cutter and Oraham;
Ilugtt** and \%*i!i>oti. TJmptr^ — O'CofMKlI.
LOS ANGHLES. Aug. 21. — Graham »u in
fpVndid form to-day anil «iutpStrh<'1 Drink
m-at*r two to on*. Oak!an<1 ¦won for th» first
time during the present Ec-ri^s. eooie 4 to 2.
Jud Froith wa* not filing wefl ani Jiv> f'or
b»tt took the third rtation and played it up to
th« mark nrlr.kwater was hit rather freely,
while Graham was invinrfblc up to th» sixth
inr.lnr. Attcndanc*. 1JVX). Score:
R. It E.
Oakland 0 2 110 0 0 0 0—4 11 3
Vrm Ar.r«l*» ...0 0000100 1—2 4 2
Batteries — Graham and Gorton: Drlnkwater
anfl Hurtburt. Umpire — McDonald.
GREAT BATTING RALLY.
£"> OMETIMES errors do not count for
anything- in a ball same. Then again
as cure as a player fumbles the ball
fcr a moment runs are bound to score
anu the game is lost. So H was yesterday
at Recreation Park. Men on both Fides
made mistakes and these mistakes coijnt
od and let in runs. The visitors erred
more often and they therefore ran sec
ond. Score, San Francisco 2, Portland 1.
There should have been no runs peered.
As soon a* the fielders settled down and
began to play ball the making of tallies
oame abruptly to an end. It was a brill
iant exhibition from the tap of the gong
and might have been won by either team
had a batting rally been pulled off at tfio
right moment.
McFarlan, the new Portland pitcher, ex
hibited himself on the local field for the
first time. After he threw the first ball
it was the unanimous opinion of the fans
that he was the goods and could pitch in
any league. He Is a tall, slender chap
with Dclsarte movements and a bunch of
speed and wld$ breaks on his curves. He
doei? not use a mitt, something unusual
for a ball player in this present age of ad
vanced civilization and more advanced
baseball. He has a nice, easy delivery
and uses excellent judgment. He let the
home team down with seven hits and
they were all scattered. In the first round
they made their only runs. They wer» db
tained on errors and should never have
t>e-n scored.
* Snay was passed to first, receiving the
only walk of the game. Then McFarlan
executed a balk and Shay went to socond,
where he was caught napping soon after.
Meany was given a life on Van Buron's
error and Irwin landed with a two-bag-
K(>r. Leahy hit to tliirO and Frar.cis
threw to the plate to catch Meany. Shea
dropped the ball, allowing the first run to
register. Pabst flew to right and Irwin
trotted in from third with what proved to
be th>=- winning tally of the game.
Jimmy Whaler, held the Portlands well
under ibe spell of his majrlo shoots during
e\«ay round of the trouble. An error by
lrv.in let the only visitor reach the p;in.
It happened in the fourth when Naueau
drtibl^d to richt Hold and advanced or
Anderson'* out. He was caught napning
at third and Tommy I^ahy whipped the
bail down in order to he?d him off. Ir
win :»]!;iv. - ed the (inhere to roil away from
!iirr> arri go far cut to th? field, so N-J.Vau
had lit?!e difficulty in reaching the rub
ber. The
.'-sn Frarj^iFrn — | Portland —
AR R FJ. P. A | AR. R H. P. A.
Fh*y, e.. 3 0 O .1 . :-'jrurlht.rf 4 O I 3 <>
U-mny.rt 4 1 1 • < fvBmn.ll. 4 O l irt 0
!rv- ;!.. ? 1 2 O *i'.Vai"iu. If 4 I I 2 0
i< .'.v..-.. 4 o O 4 l»An«ifn.2h .. <> * ", 4
i ;.: ¦:.;!•. 4 »• O It V lT*rcf.3b 4 O O O .1
T'-i -P.'-f .. 4 o I s «>HlneFW,i? 3 ft <• 4 3
I.v,.h.!f. .1 « 2 2 <!-Btak<».cf. 3 ft 0 1 n
J"!.TiP.-b 3 0 0 1 4 Fhea. c.. 3 0 111
IVhaletui :« 0 I 0 Z McKrln.p 3 0 10 1
Totals K 2 7 27 U, Total*. 3t 1 5 24 12
Ct.VS AND HITS BT VKKVSSGB.
I -.."i ...O O <» 1 O « O <* O — I
Bart hit* O O 2 1 I 1 O O O— 5
.-¦¦•¦ Vrn'iciK-^ 2 O 0 O O 0 0 O x — 2
>¦'-. bits 1 0 1112 10 x— 7
EDMXABX.
KrrrTB— V«a Haren, Hurlburt. Francis. It
••> in >hf-a. T«obat« hits— Irwln. Nadeau.
''•'¦¦.r.y. Flrrt bat-*- on errors — San F«-atw»»co i.
v 'trsT bas* < r n failed hall>« — <jfT M<"Farl»-n 1.
Uftl on bat»s — San Franc:s?c 7. Portland 4.
Pirurv tmt— By Vhalen 4, by MrFarlan 1.
h • by nifher— Andmnon. Double plai' — D^l
?r«=s- to Tabft. B?.lk— M'FarUn. Time or gam*
1 boor and 3y rninut**. l.'mpir*- — L*ry.
(Parlflc Coaet League.)
"SV. 1*. Pct.1 W. I* Pet.
no? Ang..S0 48 .«86 Portland -.54 64 .457
Kan Fran.. 73 87 .564 Seattle ...54 <SS .440
taeramnto C5 C2 .514 Oakland ..55 82 .403
ETAXDIXG OF THE CLUBS.
Portland .Sluggers Unable
to Solve the Mysteriqus
Curves of Jimmy Whalen
Monster in a Handicap for
Youngsters Fails to Win,
but Shows Superiority
Four Opponents Are Beaten,
Although the Winner Has
a Stumble at the Start
McFarlan Handles Himself
Like a Finished Artist
Throughout the Contest
. B.. Gould of the Stockton High School Is Chosen President,
Entering Contest at Last Moment—Dates Are Selected for the
Semi-Annual Field Day and for Championship Football Game
ACADEMIC ATHLETIC LEAGUE ELECTS
OFFICERS FOR THE ENSUING YEAR
SHORTHOSE'S
TRIUMPH EASY
IN THE HURON
TWO M1SPLAYS
ALLOW UNCLE'S
TEAM TO WIN
SPORTS OF THE TRACK AND THE FIELD
CLOSE EVENTS
WORRY BETTORS
AT ST. LOUIS
ORSINA LOSES
DISGRACE FULLY
IN A BIG RACE
Fast California Filly Al
lows a Common \ Selling
Plater to Snatch Honors
Speedy 'Mag Nolan Captures
the Six Furlong Dash
for the Two- Year-Olds
Heavily Played Favorite,
Rainland, Makes a Poor
Showing at Kinloch Park
Surprising Result at Haw
thorne After Tremendous
Sums Had Been Wagered
"Social Dispatch to The CalU
y-^HICAGO, Aug. 21.— Orsina, the fast
I California filly now running in Pat
>«— - ' Dunne's colors, was disgracefully
beaten in the third and feature event at
Hawthorne to-day. .
Tons of money was sent into the ring
on her, forcing the odds from 3 to 2 to
7 to 5. She led for a mile and then quit,
the race going to The Giver, a cheap sell
ing plater. . ' f~
The other races were not interesting and
devoid of features. The weather was
clear and warm. The track was fast and
the attendance was 'small. Summaries:
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
5 to 2— Little Mission. 105 (Robins) 1 1 1 1VS
6 to 1— Cath. Chinn. 102 (Adkins). 7 6 2h
6 to 1— Snowdrift, 105 (Wonderlyj . 5 4 S n
Time, J:15 4-5. Star fair. Won handily.
Winner, L. N. Hodges' b. f. by Requital-Fly
ing Witch. Rosle Dillon 100. Duchess Hanna
107, Grayvllle 107, Edith Mack 105, Courage
100, Siloam 100, Penance 105, Feby Blua 106,
Miss Clancy 105, Grace Banta 100, also ran.
SECOND RACE — Six furlongs; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 6 — B. Ormonde, 105 (Watrby) 8 5 1 V»
17 to 1 — Oronte, 103 (Wilson) 1 1 2h
5 to 2— L'Btrienne, 100 (Helgeaen) 4 2 3 1
Time. 1 :13 4 t 5. ; Start good. Won driving.
Winner, Mrs. E. L. Krlpp's ch. h. by Ormonde-
Miss Brummel. St. Minor 98, Talpa 105, Paul
Whaley 102, Prodigality 99, Hetzel 88, also
ran.
THIRD RACE^ — One and a sixteenth milee;
handicap:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 2— The Giver, 103 (Blrknruth) 4 4 1 2*4
30 to 1— Louisville. 04 (Knapp) .... 1 2 2 nk
6 to 1— Warte Nicht. 101 (Helgen) 5 3 3 n
Time, 1:47. Start good. Won easily. Winner,
C. T. Boots* br. c. by Tiger-Miss Gift. Mee
hanus 98, Orsina 105, The Conqueror II 107,
also ran.
FOURTH RACE — Four and a half furlongs;
Belling:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 5— Determination. 104 (Phlps) 4 6 12
6 to 1 — Cognomen, 105 (Helgesen) 8 3 2 n
10 to 1— Alllsta. 102 (Davis) 7 4 33
Time, -:55 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. Fred Cook's b. f. by Roush and
Ready-Fatality. Tempe J 105, Gus Heidorn
103,- Henry Luehrmann Jr. 106, Cardona 103,
Sol Smith 103, Red Bird 103. St. Paula 107.
Bell the Cat 103, English Plan 103. Annera
J 110. also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Mile: purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey." St. % Fin.
3 to 6 — MoGee, 96 (Helgesen) 3 1 1 nk
5 to 1 — An^te. S9 <Rohbins) 8 3 25
50 to 1 — By Ways. R9 <Knapr> *> 10 3n
Time, 1:40. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, E. Oorrigan's b. c. by White Knight-Re
morse. Callant 104, Crestfallen 102. Rossmond
04. Vestry 03, Zyra 103. CHagen 10(5, Urchin
104, also ran. .
SIXTH RACE— Five and a half furlonsa;
purse :
B»ttinjr. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
R to 1 — Commodore, 105 (Wopdrly) 1112
5 to 2— Floral King. 100 (Phillips) 4 3 2
20 to 1— Maggie Leebpr. 103(Bnrth) 2 2 3 h
Time, 1:07 1-5. Start good. Won farily.
Winner. Welch & Co.'s" ch. c. by The Com
moner-Roosa Masso. CopperfleH 105, Pat
Hammon 105. Falernlitn 105, Salivate 10T>,
Esherson 105, Comrade 105, Handwlck 102,-
Bunny Crook 103, also ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 21.— Although wlii
ners were hard to pick at Kinloch
Park to-day, the races were all Inter
esting, five of the six events restxltln? In
close finishes. -
Mag Nolin won the feature event, a six
furlong dash for two-year-olds. Rain
land, a heavily played favorite, did not,
finish in the money. The track was fast
and the weather clear and warm. .Sum
maries: . •
FIRST RACE— Six and a half furlongs;
selling.
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin,
3 to 1— Miss Gould. 107 (Hlgglns). 2 i 1 h
3 to 1 — Detest, 98 (Austin) 6 2 2 nk
12 to 1 — Tangent, 108 (Sheehan)... S 5 3 1*4
Time. 1:22%. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, B. E. Watklns & Co.'s ch. f. by P«r
blaise-Lucy Laer. Lacacha 100, Goo Ooo m.
Irene Mao I0T. Burlap 97. Th» Advocate 103.
D'Arcy 100. Marchioness 103. Vlccerno 97. alao
ran.
8ECOND RACE— F1t» and & half furlonpr.
selling.
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
lt» to 1— Allegretto. 93 (Hlgglns). 3 3 1 h
t to 10— Mafaida, 105 (Austin)... 2 12 5
9 to 1 — Lord Hrmnce.105 (Smith) 5 7 3 n
Time, 1 :0SH- Start good. Won In hard
drive. Winner. B. E. Watklna & Co/s ch. f.
by Silver Fox-Aliqulpa. Wenrtck 103. Falk
land 100, Atlas 100, Ocyroha 103, also ran.
THIRD RACE — One and a sixteenth miles:
selling.
B«ttingr. Horse. W«ight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 5^Dr. Hart. 103 (Smith) 8 4 1 IS
9 to 1 — Brown Vail. 88(LUvngston) 6 2 2%
20 to 1— Whitmore. 100 (Sinclair).. 3 8' 3 2
Time. 1:48V*. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. Mrs. M. Goldblatt's b. g. by Hart Wal
lace-Florence Shanks. Exapo 91, Varner lOfl.
Kinc.'telle ».«, Eliza Dillon 101, Beana OS.
Daddy Bender 93. Charles D 10C, Leon Do 02.
a! so ran.
FOURTH RACK — Six furlon«rs; handicap.
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. 8t. *i Fin.
T to 2— Mag Nolln. 102 (Watson). 3 I 1 n
12 to 1— Old Stone. 103 (Louden).. 4 3 2 3
8 to 1— Fenian, 06 (Austin) 1 5 3 nk
Time, '1:13%. Start »ood. Won driving:.
Winner, Haley Bros.* ch. f. by Tammany-Tam
pette. Rainland 117. -Dr. Cartledgo 99. Ben
Adkins J.0O. also ran.
FIFTH RACE — One mile and seventy yards;
purse.
Betting. Horse, "Weight, Jocksy. St. % Fin.
6 to 1— Doeskin. 100 (Smith) 1111
ft to 2 — F.vea G. 65 <V. Jackson).. 5 S 2 nk
0 to B— Hindi. 83 (Bridewell) 1 2 3 nk
Time. l:4«i£. Start good. "Won. driving.
Winner. Martin * Paton's b. f. by FTeeman-
Theckley. The Four Hundred 100, Blanco 95,
Lasso 100. also ran.
SIXTH RACE— One mile; selling.
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
12 to 1— Lynch. 109 (Perkins) « 3 1 h
.1 to 1— Allies, 114 (Hisrglns) 3 2 2 nk
1C to 1— Macbeth. 114 (Earl) 2 4 3 3
Time, 1:42%. Start gno6. VToa drlvlnp.
Winner, J. C Cahn'a b. g. by Inspector B-L*
Danseuso. Lad&s 116, Charles Ramsey lift.
Goldone 114. Kittle Clyde 114, Certain i;i. alao
ran.
Sixth race— Tony leppingr, Pam
plona, Satin Coat
KINLOCH PARK ENTRIES.
ST. tons An? 21.— Kinloeh Park entries:
First race, one mil*, allowances, purse — Burt
weiser 105 r>scoratlon 10*. Neversuch 103.
First Mason 10S Scotch Snuff 98. Trr. Holscher
85, Custua 103
Second race, five and a half furlongs — Don
Aivaro 103. Harbor 103. Sotsfrtera 100, Potter
108, Huckleberry Finn 108. Alajor Carpenter
10.1 Firbane 108 Toupee 108. Jehane 100.
Third race, mile and an eighth selling —
Light Opera 1<V? Montana Peeress 64. Edgaxdo
103. Josle. F f 105. "W. B. Gates 104.
Fourth race. «1x furlongs, handicap. pur»«» —
Miss Ma* Day 110. Uranium 94. Crolx d'Or 107.
Maud Qonn* 105 Theory 85. Frank Bell 10*.
Helen Print 100.
Fifth race, aeven furlongs purs« — Miss west
03 Hottentot 93. Baa d'Or 105, Macy 108.
Flintlock 85. Hlle« 100
Blxth rac» mile and a half. >e!Uag — Gin
Spray 105. Irving Mayor 108. Dr. Hart 103.
South Breeze 98 Satin Coat 103. Goo Goo 83.
Pamplona 100. Whaleback 108. Tony I>pptog
100.
Weather clear. Track fcurt.
KINLOCH PARK SELECTI01TS.
By the New York Telegraph.
rixst raca — Custus, Neversuch,
Scotch Snuff.
Second race — Tenane, Toupee, T£ar>
jor Carpenter.
Third race— Light Opera, Montana
Peeress, Josle F.
Fourth race— Miss Mae Day, Frank
Bell, Uranium.
Fifth race— Hilee, Miss West, Bas
iyor.
At an adjourned meeting of th« dele
gates of the Pacific Interclub Yacht As
sociation held last night at the Mer
chants' Exchange there were present T.
J Kavanaush, S. Mlddlemass and F. E.
Schober of the Corinthian Yacht Club; O.
E Smith of the 'San Francisco Yacht
Club; George M. Shaw and R. R. I'Hom
medieu of the California Yacht Club, and
I Tucker of the Vallejo Yachting and
Boating Club. C. J. Lancaster, formerly
commodore of the California Yacht Club,
was chosen referee of the annual regatta.
It was decided that racing numbers axe
to be furnished the yachts taking part
in the Admission day regatta, the club to
which the yachts belong to be responsible
for the return of the numbers. The trophy
committee will meet on Tuesday to select
the Macdonough cup. The steamer Sunol
or Resolute will bo the committee boat
on regatta day.
At a meeting of the regatta committee
S. Middlemass was chosen chairman. The
judges will be George E. Smith of the
San Francisco Yacht Club and Loula
Sonniknen of the South Bay Yacht Club.
P. J. Weniger of the Vallejo Yachting
Club and R. R. l'Hommedieu of the Cali
fornia Yacht club will be the timers.
YACHTSMEN DISCUSS
THK ANNUili REGATTA
HAWTHORNE ENTRIES.
CHICAGO. Aufr. 21.— Hawthorne entries:
First race, one mile — Lenrtln 112. Zcpho 1<W,
Pallor Dream 10©. Durandel 109." Lady Match
less 107, Lemco 107. Mamselle 107,, Brush By
107. Kaulahka 107.
Second race, steeplechase, (short course, han
dicap — Paul Aker 145. Falella 143. Senator
Matts 143 Arius 142, Dagmar 140. Oliver Mo
136 Joe McGee 130
Third race mile and a quarter. August han
dicap— Nitrate 115. Hargls 108. Judge Himes
107 Bessie McCarthy 106. Th» Giver 100, Flo
carilne 07 Glassfull 06. Barca 00.
Fourth race, six turlonys. handicap — The
Kentucklan 112, Beau Ormonde 110, "Walna
molnen 110 Toah 110, Telamon 108. Schwalbo
104 Linguist 101. Bankln 99.
Fifth race, mil© and an eighth, .selling —
Larry Wilt 105. C. B. Campbell 105. Lodestar
104 Slap Dash 104. Fensoluea 100, John Mo-
Gulrk ViO2 Ida V 102. Frivol PS. Serge 96,
Trodlgal &>n 04. Barn»y Burk 04. Floyd K 91,
Our Bessie 99,
Sixth race five and a half furlongs — Peter
Paul 115, Clifton Force 111. J. P- Mayberry
111 Father Tallant 111. "Witchcraft 108. Tootsy
Mack 100 EHe 10O.
Weather clear. Track fast.
HAWTHORNE SELECTIONS.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race — Lendin, Brush. By,
Mamselle. r.fc
Second race« — Joe McGee, Senator
Matts, Paulaker.
Third race— Bessie McCarthy, Har
gis, Flocarline.
Fourth race — Beau Ormonde, Lin
guist, Wainamoinen.
Fifth race — Our Bessie, John Mc-
Gurk, Floyd K.
Sixth 'race— Clifton Forge, Witch
craft, Peter Paul.
DOUBTS WOMAN'S SANITY,
BUT SENDS HER TO PRISON
Chicago Judge Makes Example of
Hazel Avery, Who Stole
a Baby.
CHICAGO. Aug. 21.— Haael Avery. con
fessed kidnaper of 2-year-old Olive Fur
long, was to-day sentenced to three years
in the penitentiary. The baby was stolen
June 23 and was not recovered until June
30. Miss Avery said she took the child
through compassion for it because of Its
unkempt and dirty appearance. In sen
tencing Mlsa Avery Judge McEwen de
clared he did not believe the woman men
tally responsible, but considered it nec
essary to make an example of her.
It is stated that on January 1. 1903, there
were 1124 bituminous coal mines In oper
ation in Pennsylvania, as compared with
948 on December 31, 1000.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATUBDAY, AUGUST 22, 1903.
9
ADVERTISEMENTS. - *
I HAVANA CIGARSCOMMANDERS OF FORCES
TO BE ENGAGED IN MIMIC
WARFARE.
GRASS VALLEY, Aug. 21^-Great ex
citement prevailed last night In the neigh
borhood of Shebley's sawmill, on Green
horn Creek, over the appearance of a
band of men supposed to be the Folsom
escapes. Just at dusk a stranger walked
out of the brush to the camp cookhouse
and asked for food. The Chinese gave
him a quantity and the stranger left. He
was quiet In demeanor and apparently.
One of Them Gets Sup
ply of Food and Joins
the Others.
An employe of the mill followed the
man down the tramway a quarter of a
mile, where he joined four others, all of
whom were heavily armed. The mill hand
therefore became alarmed and retraced
his steps in a hurry. The men disap
peared down the tramway toward Kitts
old station, and evidently went out of the
county by way of Colfax. The same gang
Is reported to have been seen near You
Bet before appearing at the mill. This
leads to the belief that they are the same
men who appeared at Glen Alpine last
week and that. they are now doubling on
their trail, as the route they, came leads
from . . that ' direction , through ¦ a sparsely
settled and heavily, wooded country.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 21.— After lying
unconscious since last Tuesday, Bertha
Harman, aged 14 years," died last night
in a hospital here from the effects of a
blow on the head with a golf ball. The
child was watching the play on the Sha
ron Hill links, near here, when the ball
struck her, fracturing the skull. .' She fell
unconscious and lingered In that condi
tion until death ensued last night.
very tired. Two men at the mill who saw
the stranger state that he wore a false
beard. He carried no arms.
GIRL DIES FROM BLOW
ON HEAD WITH GOLF BALL
Bertha Hannan, Aged Fourteen
Years, Succumbs to Injury Re
ceived. While Watching Play.
LABORER FINDS
A CAN OF COLD
Former Vallejo Man's
Treasure Is Pound
in a Lot.
ore. Two other properties owned by the same
company are being prospected and developed.
John Thomas, formerly of Oakland, has the
old Rosa mine bonded and will begin active
operations soon. About twenty Chinamen, nre
working on the south branch near the old
Pooly place, and from all accounts are doing
well. Prospectors abound in that part of the
country this season, and there may be several
more good mines located before the
snow falls. •s^'L
A gravel proposition of some size is re
ported by ' the Nevada County Miner,
which gives the following particulars:
Dr. J. A. Jeffery of San Francisco, president
of the South Tuba Mining and Development
Company, and C. W. Porterfleld, the manager,
will return to-day to the company's claim. Just
east of Omega. The company is inaugurating
one of the moat extensive gravel mining enter
prises yet undertaken i in Nevada County, it
has secured some 15CO acres of valuable land
along and contiguous to the Omega Channel
and has purchased the Blue Tent water rights
and canal fystem. A complete sawmill plant
has been installed and the machinery was
started this week. This fall and next lummer
it will construct over five miles of flume be
tween the source of supply at Bear Valley
on the South Tuba River, and the town of
Omega and will jtoit the ditch portions of th«
system in first-class repair. The flume la to
be 4x6 feet in dimensions.
: MILWAUKEE. Wis.. Aug. 21.-Alder
man Henry Lexius of La Crosse was In
stantly killed in a runaway accident last
night.- •
Alderman Killed in Runaway.
Happy Reunion of Three Brothers.
NAPA. Aug. 21.— J. N. Remolds of
Napa had the pleasure of meeting with
his two brothers, I B. N. and James A.
Reynolds, in San Francisco a few days
ago. B. N. Reynolds is from Atlantic,
Iowa, . and James A. Reynolds lives In
Santa Cruz. The brothers met for the
first time in forty years at the Grand
Army of the Republic Encampment.
Special Dispatch . to The Call.
VALLEJO. Aug. 21.— The finding of an
old tin can that contained gold coin worth
over $500 was the agreeable experience
of a laborer here yesterday.
The lucky man, with others, was en
gaged excavating for the foundation of
the proposed Sailors" Clubhouse, upon the
lot purchased by Captain B. H. McCalla
out of his Spanish- American -war prize
money. The man wjio found the money
Is named Leichter.
The find of this can of gold revives the
story that the late Charles Murphy, who
was a prominent contractor here in early
days and formerly owned the lot referred
to and lived thereon for many years, one
night hid a large sum of money about
the premises, but was not afterward able
to locate it.
Yesterday 1 * find and the circulation of
the Murphy story have made popular tho
work of excavating for the Sailors' Club
house and ' there, are many - roqueats for
employment.
It isn't pride that causes a cigar to be
puffrd up.
The torrent swept everything before It.
With a ter;iflc roar it rushed across grain
fields, destroying all crops in its path.
Fences disappeared, trees were broken
down and roads washed out. The flood
struck Flagstaff shortly after dark, swirl
ing through the streets in the lower part
of town and destroying sidewalks, bridges
and small buildings. All the residences
on the "flats" were flooded to the depth
of several feet and the occupants of the
houses forced to leave their homes for ths
night. The flood soon passed away down
the valley and this morning people re
turned to their homes. Considerable dam
age was done" to property of all kinds,
including the railroad.
FLAGSTAFF, Ariz., Aug. 21.— For the
second time this season a cloudburst ha3
sent down a wall of water that has swept
fields, roads and bridges and driven those
living on the lowlands In this city from
their homes. Yesterday afternoon a storm
gathered on the San Francisco peaks,
which He directly north of Flagstaff, and
rise to a helghth of nearly 13,000 feet. A
cloudburst followed and late in the after
noon a wall of water started Cown the
mountains and across the valley. The
wall of rushing water was eight feet high
and more than 300 feet wide.
LATHROP. Aug.. 21.— The annual camp
meeting of the Brethren church of Cen
tral California will be held in Buttrick's
*:rove. one mile north of French Camp
and four miles soutu of Stockton, be-
Kinning Friday evening, August 28, and
continuing until the evening of Septem
ber 7. There will be a dining hall on the
ground and arrans^ments will be made
for the convenience and comfort of all
who attend.
Camp Meeting of Brethren Church.
Torrent Rushes Down
Mountain Upon Flag
staff.
WALL OF WATER
SWEEPS VALLEY
NEWPORT. Or.. Aug. 21.-William
Kleemann of Portland was drowned this
morning: while surf bathing on the ocean
beach at Nye Creek In full view of 1000
ppectators. The surf was light, and the
enjoyment of riding over the swells
tempted the young man to venture out
too far from, shore. He soon became ex
hausted and cried for help. Two other
Lathers succeeded !n reaching Kleemann
and made a desperate effort to reach the
phore with him, but the current seemed
to set off shore and they could make lit
tle progress. They finally became ex
hausted from their exertions and were
compelled to give" up their task to save
their own lives. In the meantime others
rushed to the bathhouse for Hfe-prev
pervers and line?, several pieces of rope
being found and fastened together. It
was not long enough, however, and to
lengthen the line the bathers joined
hands and formed a human life line ex
tending into the eurf, but even this
proved about thirty feet too short to
reach KWmann. The drowning- was wit
nessed by the mother and sister of the
unfortunate young man.
FIDE SUSPECTS
ALARM A CAMP
PORTLAND, Me., Aug. 21.— A the
oretically hostile fleet sailed from
the tropics to-day to attack Port
land, and eecret service agents
notified the United States Gov
ernment of the fact. In this way began
the mimic war in which detachments of
the United States army and the com
bined fleet of the North Atlantic squadron
are to take part during the next ten days.
The fleet which is supposed to be Balling
toward Portland really is at anchor off
Rockland, where it will remain for the
two days which would be consumed if
It was actually approaching from the
tropics. Then tho vessels will appear in
this harbor and commence operations.
In the meantime, prompted by the im
aginary receipt this forenoon of news
of the advance of the enemy's ships, the
army of defense will assemble and pre
pare lt.«>elf for the protection of the har
bor and the city. The local batteries,
being the first naturally to hear the news
of the. threatening danger, responded
promptly and by noon all the companies
had gone Into camp and taken up^actlve
duties. The First and Second regiments,
which constitute the entire State militia,
started as soon as notified for Portland
and they were in camp In good season.
Before Sunday night additional forces
from Massachusetts, Rhode Island and
Delaware were ready to assist in pre
venting the operations of the enemy from
being successful.
Major General Chaffee Is to command
the land forces. The enemy will be un^
der Rear Admiral Barker.
Rear Admiral Barker has received
eealed instructions relating to the attack.
The contents are unknown to General
Chaffee. in command of the army. Ac
cording to the rules for the maneuvers
the blues, two sauadrons of battleships
located at Guantanamo and Culecbra, are
covered by a superior allied fleet, or red
and black, when the political situation in
the United States Is suddenly strained to
rupture.
A strong red fleet. Including torpedo
boats, sails at 6 p. m., "August 23, from
the port of "K," holding south with the
following sealed orders:
"The red fleet at 'X' will proceed at
once to Portland and seize and hold the
came as a base of operations."
Information of the sailing of the fleet
from "X" is received at Portland four
hours after its departure. The time re
quired for the red fleet to reach Portland
is fifty-four hours. It will be assumed
that prior to the sailing of the red fleet
from "X" no channels are mined or ob
structed. Thereafter all enterprises sanc
tioned by international law are permitted.
It is desirable that the operations of the
fleet Include all channels of approach to
Portland and embrace a reconnoissance
In force and attempt to destroy the mine
fields. There will be day attacks, night
attacks and If practicable the forcing of
the passage.
Preparations will be made to resist at
tacks by forts and by landing parties.
The period of hostility shall 'be from
midnight of August 25 to noon of August
29. The period from midnight. August 23,
to midnight, August 25, shall be known
as the period of preparation.
Ventures Out Too Par
From Shore and Is
Drowned.
SURF BOTHER
LOSES HIS LIFE
Ry the time the work of repairing the
water line was completed Farwell had
been served with an injunction restrain
ing him from interfering with the pipes.
Mrs. Cool in a suit filed has asked for a
permanent injunction against George W.
Hume and Farwell, and also damages.
Mrs. Cool's property carried with It a
water right from a reservoir on the Glen
Una ranch and the water was piped to
her house. This condition existed for a
r.umbfr cf years.
On August 10 James D. Farwell, fore
man cS the Glen Una ranch, tore up the
pipe to Mrs. Cool's residence and stopped
her water supply.
A few days ago Dr. Cool learned of
the matter and Wednesday he came to
Fan Jose and secured a force of plum
bers to repair the pipes. Work was com
menced on the job at midnight and Dr.
Cool and three other men. all armed with
photguns, Ptood guard to 6ee that the
plumbers were not molested. It was not
until ?:33 the next morning that Fore
man Farwell discovered that he had been
outwitted while he slept. Seeing the force
at work on the pipes. Farwell summoned
all the ranch hands and prepared to drive
the •workmen from the field. As the Far
well force reached the scene of action
Pr. Cool and hi? armed guards came for
ward. The Elcht of the guns and the
demand cf the doctor that they keep
awav caused Farwell's force to .retire.
PAN JOSE, Aug. 21.— Dispute over a
water right on the Glen Una ranch near
Los Gatoe on Wednesday led to an armed
force being installed by Dr. R. H. Cool,
a 6an Francisco dentist, to prevent dam
age to his property. Mrs. Una H. Cool,
wife of the doctor, owns a piece of about
four acres which is almost surrounded
by the Glen Una ranch. She was for
merly the wife of Frank Hume, now de
teasod. who secured title to the land from
George W. Hume, the owner of the Glen
t'r.a ranch.
EpeciaJ IMrpatefc to The CbJL
the Milwaukee Mining Company, which
bought the McKinley, New Discovery and
Mount Lily quartz mines, on Humbug
Creek, near Yreka, has also bonded the
Golden Jubilee and other mining claims
in the same vicinity.
The Rawhide mine, at Jamestown, Tuo
lumne County, Isj doubling the capacity
of its cyanide plant. It will be able to
handle 100, tons per day.
A sale of mining property in Yuba
County is reported. ' East St. Louis men
have purchased the New Blue Point mine,
southeast from Smartsville. The mine
will be hydraulicked under permission of
the Debris Commission.
COUNTY GIVES BONUS.
According to: the Mining and Scientific
Press the encouragement to be given to
mining companies to build a road in Stan
islaus County from the mines to Westley
and to erect firebrick and tiling factories
at Westley Is a bonus of $12,000. The
combination of mining companies to work
in this direction includes the Martel Com
pany, which ow_ns the Red Mountain dis
trict magriesite "mines; the James Manga
nese Mining Company and the Phosnix
Quicksilver Mining Company, owned by
E. P. Newhall and Alvinza Hayward.
Ten \ new stamps have been put in op
eration at the Union blue gravel mines,
in Nevada County, above North Bloom
field. The company now has twenty
stamps In its mill.
•The Sunshine, Coarse Gold, Hillside,
Arthur and University mining claims, at
Bodie.are reported to have been sold to
W. and E. C Provost, who pay $73,000 for
the properties.
The Oroville Register says:
; Frank Loomls writes from Franklin Hill that
the San ' Jose company > has laid the ¦ material
on the ground ;for -.a: fiv^stamp .mill, . and ,.'t
will not be .very Ions before they are crushing
The capacity of the De Lamar smelter,
in Shasta County, will be doubled. The
present capacity Is one furnace that turns
out 150 tons of ore per day, or is able to
do that. Preparation has been made by
the Bully Hill Company to treat greater
quantities of ore than formerly were
handled. It is roasting in the open air.
Work on the Blue ' Ledge : copper mine,
in ': Siskiyou County, r near the Oregon
State line, is reported to have been dis
continued.-The reason assigned is that
the development is not good enough con
sidering the price that was asked for the
property. The mine has been under bond
to P. Clark of Spokane for $250.000. ,
According to Siskiyou County . : papers
Development work is proceeding regUT
larly at the Bradford quicksilver mine, in
San Benito County. The depth of 175 feet
has been reached and values in cinnabar
are shown.
The Independence gravel mine, near
Angels, Calaveras County, has been start
ed up and the workmen are sinking tie
shaft. The purpose of the management,
as announced, is to go down to a depth
equal to that of the bedrock of the chan
nel and then drift into the channel. Work
will be resumed on the Fanny Marie and
Bluejay. mines, in Calaveras County.
PROGRESS OF MINING.
A bulletin which will be of great advan
tage to those engaged in seeking informa
tion concerning the many books, pap.ers,
etc., published regarding California mines
and minerals is now in the hands of the
State Printer and will be issued after the
quicksilver bulletin. It will be issued un
der the title of "A Bibliography Relating
to the Geology, Paleontology and Mineral
Resources of California." The statistical
sheet, which is yearly issued by the
bureau, showing the production of the
various minerals mined in the State by
counties, has nearly been completed for
the year 1902. Much care has been exer
cised in the collection of reliable data,
which will give full credit for the min
eral production of California for the past
year. It will be placed in the hands of
the State Printer before September 1. •
A collection of oil and oil bearing for
mations for the Mining Bureau and St.
Louis Exposition ia now being made and
commercial analyses of these oils are also
being made. When this work has been
completed the results will be published in
bulletin form and much needed informa
tion regarding California oil will be avail
able. The State Mineralogist is also oc
cupied in making a collection of represen
tative minerals for the St.' Louis Exposi
tion and under his direction assistants are
now scouring the State for exhibit ma
terial.
The field work on the map and register
of Sierra County has been completed and
Is now in the hands of the printer and
will be issued by September 1. As in pre
vious maps and registers Issued, the loca
tion 1 of the various mineral deposits in
the county are shown by number and in
the accompanying register a general de
scription is given. Inserted in the regis
ter is an economic geological map of the
mineralized portions of the county. There
are also tables of elevations of prominent
points, together with descriptions of the
different mining districts. The field work
of the map and register of Tuolumne
County has been completed and they will
be issued during September. The work is
also progressing on the map and register
of Amador County and will be completed
during the present month. The Amador
map and register will probably be issued
by October. The two latter maps and
registers will be compiled similar to that
of Sierra Countv.
Several announcements of interest to
the several mining counties of California
are made by State Mineralogist Aubury.
He says that the field work of the State
Mining Bureau on the bulletin relating
to the quicksilver resources of California
is completed and the manuscript Is now
in the. hands of the State Printer. The
bulletin will probably be readv for dis
tribution about the first of September.
The field covered by this work em
braces a description of all known quick
silver mines and quicksilver prospects in
the State, together with the names of the
owners. Geological maps have been made
of the various districts and underground
maps of many of the prominent mines
are shown, together with cross sections,
where possible to obtain them. The work
is profusely illustrated and contains more
information concerning the quicksilver In
dustry than has ever heretofore been at
tempted. The bulletin is the third of a
series on special subjects which have
been issued under Mr. Aubury's direction.
It has been his aim to fully cover the
field of California minerals in as complete
a manner as possible and to present the
same so that Information of a practical
benefit to the miner and investor will
be obtainable.
TO ADVERTISE RESOURCES.
The Mining and Scientific Press, always
a consistent advocate of the establishment
of the proposed department of mines,
says In a leading- editorial:
Iri this movement the Black Hills Mining
Men's Association Is taking an active part,
and a great deal is expected from this meet
ing 1 of the congress, the primary object of which
was to Influence, as far as possible, the creation
of a national Department of Mines and the ap
pointment of a cabinet officer to represent the
department. The Mining and Scientific Press
has repeatedly pointed out the desirability of
having a Department of Mines created, but
thus far no positive steps have been 'taken by
Congress in this direction. It is to be hoped
that the American Mining Congress may even
tually wield sufficient influence ftt Washing
ton to bring- about the desired end.
The events of the last, year on the
Pacific Coast have been sufficient to dem
onstrate the necessity for fostering the
mines. A controversy of grave import
ance has arisen because of the acts of
timber locators, working either for them
selves or getting in line. to sell out to
millionaires that are on the watch to
get the lands secured through dummy
locators. Yet when th« situation became
sufficiently grave to make it necessary to
memorialize the national administration
at Washington the best thing that could
be done for the miners was to institute
an investigation Into the facts as set up
by the California memorialists, and this
Investigation is supposed to be still in
progress, under the direction of the land
department, which has many interests to
care for. The miners are simply plead
ers In a matter where, by right, they
should have a department devoted to
their interests or at least caring for their
interests and ready to take up their case.
Once more . a national body of repre
sentative mining men is about to \ urge
the establishing of a national department
of mines. This matter is of such great
consequence to all .miners that the forth
coming proceedings will attract much at
tention. The American Mining Congress
will open its deliberations at Dead wood,
S. D., on September 7, and will be In
session until September 12, inclusive.
There will be a large number of tech
nical papers to be read and discussed
more or less and resolutions will be adopt
ed on various subjects, but the topic of
leading concern to the mining fraternity
at large undoubtedly refers to the ap
pointment of a cabinet officer who shall
safeguard the mining interests of the
country. J»*
Ore Resources of California
Are Themes for New Pub
lications.
Protects Plumbers Who Re
pair Pipe of Disputed
Water Supply.
National Department Is
Once More to Be
Advocated.
Dr. R. H. Cool Carries
His Point by Force
of Arms.
DENTIST LEADS
SHOTGUN GUARD
MINE CONGRESS
ABOUT TO MEET
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, AUGUST 22, 1903.
Barker's Fleet Will Attack the Defenses at
Portland Harbor, Which It Is the Duty
of General Chaffee's Troops to Protect
ARMY FACES SQUADRON
IN A MIMIC WARFARE
10
ADVEKTISEMEMTS.
And Overworfc
Caused Nervous
Prostration — Com-
pletely Worn Out.
Dr. Miles' Nervine Cured
Me.
Dr. Miles' Nervine will cure nervous proi-
•Sration. It trill bring: sweet sleep and rest;
tt will relieve the mmd of the tendency to
worry; it wil] make the nerves stron? and
the patient welL It has cured thousands. It
will core you. Try it to-day.
"Some years a^o I was -stricken with nerv-
ous prostration caused by overwork and
worry. I was in such a weakened, exhausted,
run down condition that I was unable to do
my housework. I felt too weak and tired to
even make calls on my neighbors. Fre-
quently when out driving I would become so
exhausted that it seemed that I would die
before I reached home. I was also troubled
with einkisr spells at night which left me so
weak that I thought I could not live until
morning. I was in this deplorable condition
when one day Dr. Miles' Nervine was
brought to my notice. I had little faith in
proprietary remedies but determined to give
the Nervine a trial. Alter the second dose
of the Restorative Nervine I was able to sit
at the table and eat a meal, something I had
been unable to do for many days. I have
since taken a number of bottles of Nervine.
I consider myself cured. I am doing my
oirosrork and give Dr. Miles' Nervine credit
for my general good health. My object in
writing this is to recommend your medicine
but I cannot write as strongly as I feeL" —
Miss AddieB. Varble, 405 E. Marlon St,
Guthrie, Oklahoma.
All druggists sell and guarantee first bot-
tle Dr. Miles' Remedies. Bend for free book
on Nervous and Heart Diseases. Address
Dr. Miles Medical Co, Elkhaxt, lad.
1 A GREAT "BRYSON."
I Or Queen of the Party.
ft • • LADY lfN dLAvi\<
I It would be advisable to place orders for THE SUNDAY CALL
8 viv at oncc w **k y° ur oca^ a & en * or newsdealer, as they are selling fiK|
I like hot cakes and the supply is limited. & jt &
I TRAIN NEWS AGENTS AND ALL NEWSDEALERS SELL THE CALL
\ Price 5 Cents.' Price 5 Cents. Price 5 Cents.
I THEY ARE F RAM I IMC THE CALL ART SUPPLEMENTS I
§ i The Following Art Dealers Are Making a Specialty of Framing Call Art Supplements: I
S SACRAMENTO— Hevener, Mler & street; Gage's art store, 509 East Main SAN DIEGO— W. P. Fuller ft Co., Tl :
S Co.. 615 J street: C. N. Davis, book street; Weber's art store, 425 East F street.
tt store. 817 K street. Main street. FRESNO— Sronce & Dick- \
S PETALUMA— H. S. Gutermute, J. MARYSVILLE-^G. W. Hall. REDDING— "W. H. Bergh. "Ber*h :
« M. Wyckoff. OAKLAND— E. J. . Saake. 13 Tele- Furniture Company": T. J. Houston, \
8 SAN JOSE— George Denne, M. Len- graph avenue; A. A. Barlow, 369 Houston Furniture Company. !
g . ten & Son. Twelfth street. REDWOOD CITY— W. L. Kllna. <
§ STOCKTON— Morris Bros.' book ALAMEDA— C. P. Magagnos, 1353 SANTA CRUZ— H. E. Irish. Cooks •
ri «tore, 20 l^orth El Dorado street; Park street. Bros.. F. R. Hew. George Hoban. • j
8 Stockton Racket store. 711 East Main CHICO— Fetters & Williams. JACKSON— E. Q. Freeman Co. jBERLIN, Aug. 21.— The Germanla credits
the Grand. Duke of Baden with tho following
declaration: "As long as I live monasteries
will not be allowed la my state*"
r WICHITA, .Karis,; Aug. 21.-An un
known young man from Indiana was shot
and killed by one of four tramps early
this morning near Augusta, twenty miles
east of Wichita. He- and two companions
lay^ down -tb Bleep with tramps last night
one mile from Augusta. The. tramps rob
bed them of .watches and money while
asleep. On awakening they ; showed fight
and rue was shot. The trampa fled.
Tramps Murder a Youth.
* Marriage Licenses.
•OAKLAND. Aug. 2L— The following
niarriagf licenses were Issued by the
<ounty Clerk to-day: Loui* O. Jacques.
Mt, and Cora M. E. Raleigh, 24, both of
Oakland: William M. Lawrence, 27. and
Maria C. Santos, 20. both of Mission. San
~'os«; Jose Amaral. 2T>. *nd Mary Dutra. 18.
! -<»tb of Warm Springs; William B. Gra
l.i.m. 25. Fort Sheridan, 111., and Pearl
:i. Cart wright. 24, Berkeley; Otto H.
Hchwelchler. 22, and Margaret If. Hose.
I*, both of Oakland: Charles N. Par
mentcr. over 21. Now York City, and Lulu
F. Frame, over IS, Berkeley.
WASHINGTON, Au*. 21.— Major Samuel
Reber Hitmal Corp» general Btaff officer, has
been detailed as secretary of the army war
college He Is the son-in-law of Lieutenant
General Miles, retired, and formerly was bis
aUlltary secretary.
ASTORIA, Or., Aug. 21.— This season's
regatta, regarded as tho most successful
event ever held here, closed to-day with
hardly any diminution in the attendance
of the past three days. The senior single
shell championship race to-day was de
cided In favor of Gloss of Portland over
pe Brisay of Victoria, B.: C, and Pattoh
qt Portland. At the turning stake De
Brisay ran into some driftwood and
smashed his shell, leaving Glos3 to finish
with Patton.
In the second single. race Patton rowed
over the .course alone, the race being
won by default.
Gloss -was; the only man to enter for
the skiff race, accidents to other boata
preventing their being ' entered. .
The crew from the Marblehead won the
els race from' tha crew oJ the Concord,
Close of the Astoria Regatta.
Tyrrell was awakened and saw two
men in his room, one of whom was rifling
his clothing that was on a chair near his
bed, while the other was j searching
through his bureau drawers. The aroused
sleeper Jumped out of bed, grabbed one of
the burglars, but he broke away and fol
lowed his companion out of the place on
the run.
Patrolman Cockerton heard Tyrrell's
cries and saw the men leave the hotel.
The officer started after them, but the
pair separated. He followed Dunbar, who
ran west on Ninth 'street. With his pis
tol in action all the time. Cockerton kept
going, overhauling the fugitive at Grove
and. Ninth streets. There was a fight,
and the patrolman was compelled to club
the captured burglar before he was sub
dued. . .- :• ,. •
The prisoner was identified. at the! City
Prison as George Dunbar, an ex-convict. ;
His companion escaped. The police recov-'
ered after daylight a %old watch, which
had been stolen from .Tyrrell and dropped
on Ninth street during the flight.
After emptying a pistol at a fleeing
burglar this morning, Policeman John
Cockerton captured George Dunbar, one
of two men who entered B. A. Tyrrell's
room in the Hotel Windsor, Ninth and
Washington streets, shortly after 3
o'clock.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Aug. 21.
There is to be a fight in the courts over
the extradition of Julius Jorgensen. the
alleged absconding Danish bank^ clerk,
who has been held a prisoner in the coun
ty Jail here for the last four months.
Judge Henry A. Melvin to-day issued a
v.rit of habeas corpus returnable to-mor
row at 10 o'clock on a showing made by
the prisoner's attorney that he Is being
illegally restrained of his liberty.
It is alleged that irregularities that have
crept into the entire proceedings have
vitiated any action that may now be tak
cn and that Jorgensen is entitled to his
liberty. The main point is that a United
States Commissioner ordered Jorgensen
surrendered into the custody of the Dan
ish Government more than sixty days
jigo, but that no requisition has been
made for him within the time specified.
It is claimed that the Danish Government
has lost its right to make the demand
urd that the prisoner is now out of the
jurisdiction of the United States courts.
It was given out yesterday that United
States Marehal Shine and Captain of De
tective? Martin of San Francisco were to
etart for New York City with the prlif;
cr.cr Sunday morning, while if the alle
«atloi;E made in the petition can be sup
ported Jorgensen may gain hi* Hberty
through this technicality.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Aug. 21.
Fugitiv.e Is Captured
by Policeman John
Cockerton.
Danish Government May-
Have Lost Right
to Prisoner.
VETERAN THEATRICAL
MANAGER PASSES AWAY
John Ellsler, Father of Effle Ellsler,
Dies in New York,
Aged 82.
NEW YORK. Aug. 21.— John Ellsler.
father of Effle Ellsler, the actress, and
himself a veteran actor and theatrical
manager, died of heart disease at his
home here to-day, aged 82. Ellsler began
his theatrical career in 1S46 in Philadel
phia. In the early 503 he left the stage
to become a theatrical manager. Hta
first venture was in partnership with
Joseph Jefferson, taking a company
through the Southern circuit for two or
three years and meeting with great suc
cess. Maggie Mitchell and other celeb
rities were members of that company.
In 1SS5 at the Academy of Music in
Cleveland, Ohio, of which he was then
the manager, he brought out his daugh
ter. Effie Ellsler. the original Hazel Klrka
in the play of that name, about the same
time also bringing into prominence Joseph
Howarth and Clara Morris. In the com
pany with his daughter at that time were
Mrs. George Gilbert and James Lewis.
FIRE MAKES A RUIN
OF COSTLY INSTRUMENTS
One Hundred and Fifty Thousand
Dollars Lost in St. Louis
Blaze. '
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 21.— The building occu
pied by A. S. A'.oe & Co.. dealers in .op
tical supplies and surgical instruments at
414 North Broadway, was gutted by fire
early to-day. The total loss is-«stimated
at $150,000, partially insured. The Sim
mons Hardware Company, adjoining, suf
fered from damage by water.
During the fire a water tower fell
across the street and crashed into the T.
J. Reid shoe store, doing $2500 damage.
It. Is stated that the fire started from an
electric light wire.
Navy Secretary at New York.
NEW YORK, Aug. 21.-Secretary of the
Navy Moody to-day made his first official
visit to the New York Navy Yard. After
a tour of inspection he was the guest of
the commandant. Rear Admiral Rodgera,
at luncheon.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
-'." ~ Friday. August 21.
Stmr Rainier. Hansen, 70 hours from What
' com. |
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ABERDEEN— Sailed Aug 21— Stmr G C Lln
dauer, for San Francisco.
Arrived Aug 21— Schr A F Coats, hence 5th.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Aug 21— Stmr Alca
zar, from Greenwood..
SEATTLE— Sailed Aug 21— Stmr City of S»
attle. for Skagway.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL^- Sailed Auff 21— Stmr Arabic,
vfor New York, via Queenstown; stmr Ar
menian, for New York.
•-¦ • .. » » ¦
SAYS SISTER IS INCOMPETENT.— Anna
Ball, sister of Hose Bouwman, aBked the Su
perior Court yesterday to declare her Mister
' Incompetent and to appoint her guardian of
h?r person sad estate. . - _ ___^
UNKNOWN MAN DIES
ON THE ROADSIDE
Wagon Upsets on a Steep Hill and
Driver Receives Fatal
Injuries.
PORTLAND. Or.. Aug. 21.— An Ontario,
Or.', special says: About three weeks ago
a stranger, thought to be a canvasser,
hired a team of a farmer named James
Morrison of Watson, this county, and left
for Jordan Valley. Intending to be absent
two days. Nothing was heard of the man
or team until yesterday, when one of the
horses 'came home with the harness on.
Investigation proved that the strangtr
had been killed. While on his return trip
and when within five miles of Morrison's
place his wagon , was upset on a steep
hill. The driver was fatally injured and
he crawled to the side of the road, where
he died from his injuries. His body was
found in a clump of bushes. No papers
were found on his body whereby to estab
lish his Identity.
Atchlson points with pride to a woman
who goes so often that she calls It •"drop
ping into Europe for a few weeks."
TACOMA, Wash., Aug. 21.— One of the
greatest land rushes ever known in the
Northwest occurred to-day at Coeur
d'Alene, Idaho, where filings were ac
cepted for the first^time on the Coeur
d'Alene Indian reservation and the newly
surveyed land just thrown open for settle
ment. Nearly 500 men and womeh
were lined up in front of the United
Stales Land Office when it opened for
business at 9 o'clock this morning. • Most
of them had been waiting In line for
forty-eight hours. Susan Pierce, aged 23,
headed the crowd and was the first one
to file. She had remained at the door of
the land office for three days and nights,
thereby securing one of the most val
uable claims In Idaho.
The lands thrown open comprise good
farming property/together with a large
strip of country which is highly mineral
ized. Rapid developments will follow
to-day's filings of claims, as many of tho
locators have money with which to make
extensive improvements. Several fights
occurred with land jumpers during the
period of waiting. Last night there were
prospects that a lynching might take
place because one alleged claim jumper
insisted on getting into line and filing.
Several men were run out of the lobby
of the. land office under threats by home
steaders that they would never be al
lowed to file. Everything proceeded qui
etly to-day, the determination of the
original locators preventing the filing of
adverse claims by jumpers.
VALUABLE LANDS THROWN
OPEN FOR SETTLEMENT
Detectives employed by the family to
locate the missing man traced him from
his home to Cairo, 111., and by way of
Denver and Salt Lake to California. He
arrived in Oakland July 6 and it is sup
posed that he is still here, as the detec
tives have not been able to discover- that
he left the city.
The Chier of Police has received a let
ter from Hewlett's family asking him to
locate the missing man and stating that
his wife is losing her mind over his dis
appearance. The family has offered a re
¦warO for any reliable information as to
his whereabouts.
Leaving his young wife, to whom he
had been married but a short time, with
out a word of farewell, J. P. Hewlett,
heir to a large plantation in the South,
dropped out of sight at his home in Shel
byvtlle, Tenn., June 30. Hewlett has been
traced to Oakland and the police have
been requested to look for him.
His wife Is on the verge of a mental
collapse from continued worry over his
unexplained absence, and his parents are
nearly distracted. His brother. Black
well Hewlett, has died during his ab
senca '::;>.;;'
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Aug. 21.
During all this informality no member
of the faculty was on the ground, Pro
fessor Cory, chairman of the students'
affairs committee, has no statement to
make on the conduct of the men to-day,
but an investigation will be inaugurated.
The organization of the freshman class
at the University of California this morn
ing was the occasion of one of the old
time clashes that were popularly supposed
to have passed into tradition when three
men were compelled to sever their con
nections with the university last term
for taking part in rushes. The older
classmen, who are regarded as experts on
the game, 3ay that this morning's little
Btruggle in the old gymnasium was quite
the finest thing they had seen in this par
ticular line since the present seniors en
tered the university in 1900.
The occasion of the little informality
between the students this morning was
the same as the cause that has inspired
sophomores from the earliest traditions
of the university to prevent the freshmen
from organizing their class. To-day they
were eminently successful, as they
stormed fntfdoor to the Harmon Gymna
sium and turned lines of fire hose on the
men "of the baby class who were listening
to their chosen orators on the inside. The
sophomores, fifty strong, formed a wedge
and threw themselves against the door of
the gymnasium time after time in perfect
unison. The door had been considerably
strengthened since the historic assault of
1900 and it was able to withstand the ter
rible onslaught with half a hundred fresh
men on the inside lending it their physical
support.
It remained for one bright mind in the
sophomore class to think out another and
a more 'successful scheme of attack. A
door of lighter construction on the south
Bide was forced and with the an- of a line
of fire hose the second-year, men were
able to produce a startling effect upon the
freshmen. In fact, the advent of the wa
ter made things so interesting and caused
such an uproar that no one has since
been able to find out who was elected to
office. \~>T't '¦¦'
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center street. Aug. 21.
FIND LOOPHOLE
FOR JOBGENSEN
The secretary ot the fair, E. W. Hogan,
has been working hard for the success of
the event, and the ladles in charge of the
various booths are striving to surpass any
of the previous fairs of this parish. Two
whist tournaments have been held during
the past month for the benefit of the St.
Francis dc Sales booth and the Chil
dren of Mary table, and an entertainment
was recently given at Pythian Hall for
the benefit of the refreshment booth.
Miss Eugenia McLaren, who was elected
president of the Hiawatha booth, has
been forced to resign on account of poor
health and business duties, and her place
will probably be filled by Mrs. Nora
OAKLAND, Aug. 2L— The parish
| lair fcr the benefit of St. Francis
I de Sales Church will be held dur
- ing the last week of September,
in St. Francis de Sales Hall, ai
the corner of Jones and Grove streets.
OFFICER'S SHOTS
STOP BURGLAR
Booth 4 — Children of Mary Sodality. Miss
MaRgie McDonald, president; Miss Mary R.
Gallagher, vice president; Miss Lota Kelly,
secretary; Miss O'Connor, treasurer; spiritual
director, the Rev. Father J. Cull.
Booth 3 — Refreshments, Miss Agnes Kearney
and assistants. In connection with this booth
will be a fancy table.
Ryal, who* will be assisted by the follow
ing ladies: Miss Lena Burke, Mrs. J. C.
Milton, Miss Marietta Milton, Miss M.
McFelley, Miss Sadie Henneberry, Mrs.
McXamara and Mrs. Wise.
The flower booth will be In charge of
Mrs. Lilienthal, assisted by Mrs. Nettie
Kissich and a number of other ladies.
Following are the ladies in charge of the
remaining booths and their assistants:
Booth 1. St. Francis de Sales — Mrs. Henry A.
Butters, assisted by Mrs. R. A. Bray, Mrs. G.
1$. Cooke, Mrs. J. P. Dunn, Mrs. Reml Chabot.
Mrs. Henry Dieckman, Miss Claire Chabot,
Mrs. Oscar Limning. Miss Louise Mahoney,
Mrs. A. B. Derby, Miss Uerby, Miss Margaret
Dunn.
Booth 2 — League of the Cross Cadets, under
care of lt» officers.
Missing Tennesseean Is
Traced Here From
the East.
Lower Classes Meet in
Old Time Struggle
for Supremacy.
TWO LADIES WHO ARE AMONG T HE MOST ACTIVE IN THE PREPA
RATIONS FOR THE PARISH FA IR TO BE HELD FOR THE BENE
FIT OF ST. FRANCIS DE SALE S CHURCH.
HUSBAND LEAVES
HOME AND WIFE
The .suit was .contested by the other
heirs, they being satisfied with tne dis
position of the property. Mrs. Barron
was represented by Bishop, Wh'celer &
Hoeffler, and her brothers and sister by
Lloyd & Wood.
Stanton left a fortune valued at many
hundred thousand dollars. He devised it
to his five children, John T., Frank J.
and William "W. Stanton, . Catherine T.
Buckley and Mary F. Barron, share and
share alike, providing, however, that the
Kearny and Mission street realty should
be held in trust by his executors (his
three sons) for their children and the
children of the other heirs. During the
existence of the trust the heirs, that is,
the five children of the deceased, were to
enjoy the income therefrom. Mrs. Barron
was the only one of the children dissatis
fied with the terms of her father's will,
and within a year after his death she
commenced the action which resulted yes
terday in the decision declaring her to be
the absolute owner of a one-fifth interest
in the realty. .
I
Judge Troutt rendered a decision yes*
terday In the suit brought by Mary F.
Barron, daughter of the late James Stan
ton, the pioneer capitalist, who died in
October, 1901, against John A., Frank J.
and William. W. Stanton, her brothers, as
executors of Stanton's will.
He held invalid the trust clause that
bequeathed to the executors as trustees
for the children property on Post and
Kearny streets and Mission and Fif
teenth, and ordered judgment entered as
prayed for by the plaintiff. The trust
clause was fought on the ground that it
gave the children of deceased a life in
terest in the estate, and that it was null
and void because it overlooked . their
rights in the premises by directing that
it should go to their children upon the
death of the last surviving child of the
testator.
Judge Troutt Knocks.
Out Part of Will of
James Stanton.
SAN DIEGO. Aug. 21.— San Dieco has
had her first cyclone, but It came at the
extreme eastern edge of the county, on
the banks of the Colorado River, and
mere- than two hundied miles from tha
city which boasts so much of its climate.
The little mining town of Plcacho, sorna
thirty miles above Yuma, and without
any communication by telegraph or tele
phone with the outside world, was caught
on Thursday afternoon and lost her
schoolhouse, the Picacho Mining Com
pany's store, the superintendent's resi
dence, several pretentious residences and
a large number of miners' cabins.
The news that came out was directed to
County Superintendent Baldwin, whose
aid was requested by J. C. Mendenhall.
the clerk of the Board of Trustees, who
did not know what to do since their
schoolhouse had gone down In the wind
and there was no proper place for hold
ing school, which was scheduled to begin
on Monday.
The mining camp Is located in a little
valley and the winds sweep down from
the sides of the mountains at a lively
rate at all times. This week has been
fearfully hot on the desert, and that un
doubtedly had much to do with the un
expected visitation. The larger build
ings destroyed were adobe and some of
the walls were very heavy. The superin
tendent's house is only a mile from the
schoolhouse and the store Is oft a little
to the right. That no casualties are men
tioned is taken to indicate that the peo
ple had plenty of warning and wero able
to get out of the way. The wind was
accompanied by rain, and that added to
the destruction.
MINING TOWN OF PICACH0
IS VISITED BY A CYCLONE
Several Pretentious Residences and
a Large Number of Cabins
Are Destroyed.
STUDENTS CLASH
DESPITE FACULTY
BERKELEY, Aug. 21.— The an
nouncement is made of the en
gagement of Miss Myrtle Striker
to -William C. Lyon of Honolulu,
both young people" well known in
the college town. The exact day for the
wedding has not yet been set, but that
Interesting event will take place some
time in the fall.
Miss Striker is the youngest daughter
of John W. Striker, a leading pioneer cit
izen of Berkeley. Mr. Lyon is the yoiing
est son of Mr. and Mrs. A. J. Lyon of
Bancroft way, who are at present resid
ing in the Hawaiian Islands.' He is a suc
cessful business man and president of the
William C. Lyon Company, Limited, of
Honolulu.
Pig Pitcher Is So Elated That He
Nearly Gets Away With
Second Game.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
DETROIT, Mich.. Aug. 21.— Philadelphia"
and Detroit tsroke even in their last games of
the reason here. Bolh were remarkable con
tests. Waddell achieved a «hut-out for the
first time against Dono\-an and was so elated
that he asked to ret into the second and came
near getting away with It. Attendance, 39.il.
tccrts;
First game — R. II. E.
Detroit 0 3 0
J'hiladelrhia 1 « 1
U&tterips — Donovan ana Buelow; Waddell
snd Sclrreck- - • " • -*¦ - • ¦ ¦ ¦
Second game — R. H. E.
Detroit 2 So
Pf.'Ufl-lr-M. 1 8 3
Catteries — Skopec, Mullln. McGuire and
But low; WaddeU and Schreck.
CLEVELAND. O.. Aug. 21. — Cleveland went j
into 6econd ;:»¦«» to-day, shutting out Wash
ington. Wilson was knocked out of the box ;
jr. the second inning and Townsend, who sue- j
(eeitri him," was wild. Attendance, 11400. !
Score :
R. H. E.
rieveland ~ 10 12 2
Washington * 6 2 ;
lotteries — Donohue and Bemis; Wilson,
"cwnsend and Klttredge.
CHICAGO. Aug. 21. — The locals did moet of
the poor fielding and were unable to Lit Young.
while the visitors played almost perfectly in
the field and found Patterson an ea*y mark la
the last three innings. Attendance. 3000. ,
Score:
•R. H. E
r*-:c&K9 3 8 ' 4
Dostos 11 15 l
Bailer!** — Patterson end Blattery; Young
ar.d Farreli.
ST. LOUIS, Mo.. Aug. 21.— EL Louis took
the final game of the series from New York
this afternoon. Wright proved effective for
ht. L«ou!E. while Chesbro pitched an erratic
KJ'-ir.« for the visitors. Attendance, 3100.
fccore:
R. H. E.
Ft. Louts 8 9 2
New York 0 10 2
Batteries — Wright and Sugden; Chesbro and
Eevllle.
NATIONAL. LEAGUE.
NEW YORK, Aug. 21. — PIttsburg National
Ltapup ch«"x.j)i'5i ls made their last appearance
of the season at the Polo Grounds to-day in a
double-header, la which they divided honors
with the locale. The visitors scored a shut
cut over McGraw's men in the earlier game.
lu the eecond came th»>y played loosely and
the hr>me team with Matthewson in the box
lad the game well In hand from the close of
the second inning. The visitors called upon
three pitchers (iunng the game. Attendance,
10,112. Scores:
Firrt game — R. H. E.
Pittsburg 3 5 0
New York O 5 3
Batteries — Leever and Phelps; McGlnnlty
and Warner.
Second game — R- H. jC.
Kew York 9 15 5
Pittsburg 5 10 1
Batteries— Matthewson and Warner; Vail,
Windham. Falkenberg and Smith. Umpires —
O Day, and Hum.
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. 21.— Heavy hitting
by Philadelphia resulted >n two defeats for
Ft Louis to-day. The fielding of the locals
%vas rajrzed at times, but brilliant plays were
made by both teams. Attendance. 2700.
Score*: ¦-.?¦»> „ ™
First game — «- H. E.
Et. Louis » « 1
Philadelphia < " d
Batteries— Murphy and Ryan; Duggleby and
Docln.
Second gixae — **• . H. E.
Ft. Louis 3 I %
Philadelphia 8 14 3
Batteries— Khodcs and O*NeU; Eraser and
Both! Umpire— EmBlie.
BROOKLYN*. Aug. 21— Chicago outplayed
th» home team here to-^ay. w , ick ? r ' for th *
v fitcrs pitched excellent ball. Jones was
batted 'hard at times and received wretched
wrUrt Attendance. 2000. Score:
Chicapo 4 £ 1
Brooklyn * * *
Uatt Ties— Wicker and Kiln*; Jnnes ani
JtckUtich. Umpire— Moran.
BOSTON Aug. 21. — Boston and Cincinnati
divided another double-header to-day. Cincin
raU taking the first game -nd Boston the sec
• nX' H«trijff steadied In the first game after
*'-itchir. - l">cTly, while Williams weakened.
1>-kiV »ae no puzzle to Boston in the second
£«m# and Carney vat effective throu K bout.. At
\ Kim game— R- "• E-
U'*tr>n T 12 1
Cincinnati 7 *~ *
lotteries — Williams and Moran; 6uthoff and
BSs&.^r:. » »• E o
Cmcinettl 2 5 . 2
i.'atteri**— Carney and Moran; Poole, Peitz
eno Haberer. Umpire — Johnstcne.
WADDEIX SHUTS OUT
DETROIT WITH DONOVAN
Dr. Frank Simpson, former football coach
of the university, has been appointed physician
of the new Hospital Association of the San
Francisco carmen.
Commodore Adigard, commandant of the
French cruiser Protet: his flag lieutenant and
Henri Dallemagne. French Consul at San
Francisco, were the guests cf President
Wheeler at luncheon to-day. In the afternoon
they were shown about the camDU*.
Dr. George K. Relnhardt has been appointed
medical examiner for the university tor l?\9
coming year. I He will keep regular office hours
in the gymnasium.
Fred G. Dorety. a graduate of the univer
sity, haa just returned to his alma mater after
two years' study at Harvard. He la giving
regular lectures In the law department at
Berkeley.
BERKELEY. Aug. 21.— A number of th»
men who were sent out to the F:r East by
the University of California to teach English
in Japan held a reunion dinner at Aiima dur
ing the last week of July. Those who were
present were the following: Galen Fisher.
Harold JJock. Clayton, Champlln. Sage. Grant.
Harvey. Ludden. Elmore and Root. Root has
been called tq Tokio to take a position in the
Okura Commercial School.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
It goes on to Etate "that if the defend
ant has passed the prime of life and now
finds it necessary to make provision for
his old age that he has come to such
conclusion rather late in life, and that if
V-e had not lived an idle life in. the past
he would not now be illustrating that
*men must reap the things they sow.' "
There is a taunt for his age In which it
if said ""that he fs now in the 'sere and
yellow .leaf and wants the honorable
court to relieve him of the burden of pro
viding for the necessities of his own flesh
and blood."
In the statement of her finances Mrs.
ieo'j'.e says that while entitled to a sixth
of her father's estate, owing to a fire
most of the property is unproductive and
that she needs the $75 a month to clothe
and feed their son I>ouglaR, now 13 years
cf age. ¦
The petition of Professor Frank Soule
U> be relieved of the burden of paying $75
a month alimony to his, former wife, Mrs.
Ella Bacon Soule, who is alleged to be
worth S223.OOJ in her own right., has
brought forth an answer full of bitter
ness for the popular college professor.
When Mrs. So'jle was given a decree of
-.'.ivorce from the professor, by stipula
tion it was agreed that he should pay
her S75 a month alimony. Since then she
has. fallen heir to a six\h of the estate of
her father, which was appraised at 5SS0,
uOO, acd is alleged to be worth $1,250,000.'
Soule remarried, and the payment of the
.-75 a month was a heavy drain on "his
t-ulury, arid some time ago he petitioned
the court to so modify the decree as to
relieve him of the necessity of paying
ti.is money.
In an answer filed to-day by Lloyd &
Wood cf San Francisco in behalf of their
client they denote a paragraph of un
pleasantness to reading him a lecture on
his position. It is stated that "it is
through no fault of hers that his new
r.iresElties are such as to cause him per
trinal inconvenience," and that these con
ditions were existing at the time he mar
ried a second time.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway. Aug. 21.
The Mayor was Induced to make public
the letters because of the constant ridi
cule to which his enemies have been sub
jecting him on account of the banquet
incident.
To Mrs. Mullins the President wrote:
My Dear Mrs. Mullins: I have had no Inter
view with my one about any portion of my
trip and have given nothing to the paper*
about any of It, and least cf all would I give
it about your husband. Mayor Mulling, or
about any one else who has treated me with
the hospitality which Mayor Mullins showed.
What I have said with reference to Butte wa»
that I deeply appreciated the courtesy with
which all of the citizens, and especially th»
Mayor, treated me, and there was no part of
my trip which I enjoyed more than I did the
hours It was my good fortune to spend in your
city. I am very sorry that you should hav»
been annoyed In *o unpardonable fashion. Sin
cerely yours. THEODORE ROOSEVELT.
BUTTE. Mont., Aug. Zl.-President
Roosevelt has written personal letters to
both Mavor^ Patrick Mullins and Mrs.
Mullins, denying responsibility for the al
leged interviews with him concerning the
famous banquet in Butte. at which the
Mayor Is credited with saying. "Take
down the curtains and let the people see
the President." and "Walter, brine on
the feed." The letter written at Oyster
Bay reads:
My Dear Mar or Mull Ins: Amon; the pleas
antest recollections which I have at my West
ern trip Is my stay In Butto and the more than
cordial and thoughtful hospitality with which
all the citizens, especially you. greeted me.
la there any chance of Mrs. Mulling and you
being East this winter? It would gtv* ma
great pleasure to have you both break bread
In the White IIous? with me. Sincerely yourk,
THEODORE ROOSEVELT.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DECLARES TRUST
CLAUSE INVALID
The neighbors In the immediate vicinity
of where the burglary occurred are of the
belief that the burglar is a peddler, who
has been hanging around for several days.
He first entered the sleeping apartments
of Mr. and Mrs. Gertz and chloroformed
them. He then went to the rooms occu
pied by their sons, .William, Emmet and
Otto, and administered enough of the
sleep producer to protect himself from in
terference at their hands. Having chlo
roformed" the entire household, the bur
glar began to search the apartments.
He was heard by William, the elder of
the boys, and also by Mr. and Mrs. Gertz
when he entered their room the last time.
The darkness was too dense for them to
see his features or to note his general
appearance. They were cognizant of his
presence, but were unable to move. None
of the family knew just when the burglar
left the house, but Gertz believes that he
saw him pass out, going through the
front door and down the steps to Fremont
street. The stupor under which Gertz
was laboring was so great that he was
unable to collect himself and defend' his
home from the pilfering of the daring
burglar. The same was true of Mrs.
Gertz. It was fully an hour after the
burglar left the house before Gertz had
recovered sufficiently to notify the po
lice. Mrs. Gertz had a severe headache
to-day; but aside from that none of the
family suffered from the effects of the
drug. S^i
PORTLAND, Or., Aug. 21— A daring bur
glar chloroformed a family of five at 4
o'clock this morning, robbed the house at
his leisure and escaped with considerable
Jewelry and $2 80 in cash. The members
of the family of Mr. and Mrs. H. C.
Gertz of 410 Fremont street were the vic
tims. They heard the burglar and knew
that he was operating in their midst, but
were so stupefied by the drug which had
been administered to them that they were
unable to rise or to cry out for help. Be
fore entering the Gertz home the burglar
tried to rob the, residence of Mr. and Mrs.
Pierce of 724 Union avenue, but was put
to flight before he had an opportunity to
administer the chloroform. It is thought
that he went direct from there to the
Gertz house.
Special Dispatch to' The Call.
Accuses Professor of "Sowing
Wild Oats" an<l Reaping the
Proverbial Whirlwind.
Writes Letters Denying Al
leged Interviews Concern
ing Banquet.
Ransacks Apartments at His
Leisure and Then Makes
His Escape.
Devotes a Paragraph of
Court Document to
Unpleasantness.
President Appreciates
the Hospitality of
Butte's Mayor.
Administers Chloroform
to Sleeping Inmates
of House.
t>ig benefit ,.to Aid the Finances of
Oakland Church Promises to Surpass
Previous Affairs of Similar Nature.-
INVITES MULLINS
TO WHITE HOUSE
BURGLAR DRUGS
ENTIRE FAMILY
MRS. SOULE FULL
OF BITTERNESS
PARISH FAIR WILL HELP
ST. FRANCIS DE SALES
TEE. fAN FEAKCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST* 22, 1903.
The Engagement Is Announced of Miss
Myrtle Striker of the College Town
to William C. Lyon of Hawaiian City
BERKELEY GIRL TO WED
HONOLULU BUSINESS MAN
.POPULAR AND CHARMING BERKELEY GIRL WHOSE ENGAGEMENT
: TO WILLIAM C. LYON. A TOUN G BUSINESS MAN OP HONOLULU.
'r" : HAS JUST BEEN ANNOUNCE D.
11Born diplomats handle the truth with
care.
This evening Secretary Cortelyou of the
Department of Commerce and Labor and
Representative Babcock of Wisconsin
were dlnner-vcuests of the President Sec
retary Cortelyou will spend the night at
Sagamore Hill.
William D. Murphy of New York, a
long-time friend of the President, also
discussed finance with President Roose
velt. Governor Odell of New York ar
rived in Oyster Bay on the yacht Aileen
shortly after noon. He remained with
the President for several hours.
OYSTER BAY, N. Y., Aug. 21.—Finan
cial legislation and New York State poli
tics were the principal topics of discussion
to-day between the President and his
guests.
Early In the day Representative Hill of
Connecticut talked with the President of
the prospect of enacting remedial legis
lation at the approaching session of Con
gress.
Home.
Prominent Folitical Men Make
Calls at the Roosevelt
Guests at Oyster Bay-
Talk of Remedial
Legislation.
PRESIDENT HEARS
FINANCE TOPICS
SHIP BEN LEE WHICH HAD A
STORMY PASSAGE FROM
HAMBURG.
WINSLOW, Ariz., Aug. 2L— I. H. Hib
bard, division superintendent of the Santa
Fe lines in Arizona, with headquarters at
Winslow, has been ordered to report at
Los Angeles to. fill the vacancy caused
by the resignation yesterday of W. B.
Beamer, superintendent of the Southern
California division. Beamer's resignation
takes effect October 1.
Railroad Man Receives Promotion.
transport Thomas.
VALLEJO, Aug. 21.— Lieutenant Cald
well Turner, U. S. M. C, has received
telegraphic orders to proceed to Manila
for duty, and will sail from San Fran
cisco on the transport Thomas about the
first of next month. A battalion of ma
rines to go to the Philippines will leave
Washington for San Francisco Monday
next and will sail for Manila on the
Assigned to Duty in Philippines.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 21.— J. W. Moore,
a negro employed In the dining car ser
vice of the Southern Pacific, was slashed
five times to-day with aTcnife in the
hands of Perkins, another negro, who
was boarding at the home of Moore. Ac
cording to the injured man's story he and
his wife quarreled over the attentions
paid her by Perkins. As a result Mrs.
Moore secured an ax and attacked her
husband. He took refuge in a bedroom
and a few minutes later when he at
tempted to escape was beset by Perkins,
who was armed with a knife. Moore's
wounds are superficial. Perkins disap
peared soon after the affray.
Assaults Jealous Husband With a
Knife and Inflicts Five Su
perficial Wounds.
ROOMER TAKES A HAND
IN A FAMILY QUARREL
SAN JOSE. Aug. 21.— The United Gas
and Electric Company of this city has
begun work on' improvements to their
plant that will cost $100,000. A two-story
brick and steel structure Is being erected
at their site on San Augustln street,
which will contain a new gas generator
with a capacity of 1,000,000 feet of gas a
day. The cost of this complete will bo
$40,000. An additional boiler room, with
boilers of ,2500 horsepower, is also under
way, at a cost of $25,000. New.englnes and
dynamos have also been ordered for the
electric light plant. All these Improve
ments are to be completed within ninety
days.
Structure to Cost S40,000 Being
Constructed by Company in
-• f" ; Fast Time.
SAN JOSE WILL HAVE
IMPROVED GAS SERVICE
Lieutenant J. M. Mllliken, with Com
panies G and I, was ordered to move east
at 7:30 this morning to take up a defen
sive position and to protect his men from
capture. Lieutenant Colonel Forbes, in
command of the remaining men of the
regiment, left an hour later. The men
who were defending wore blue shirts and
the attacking men Khaki uniforms.
Colonel Forbes and men fell in. line at
8:30 and marched across the cut bias
bridge around the road that leads to
Seabrlght. Lieutenant Martin with a
squad of skirmishers and Lieutenant
Cannon of Company E with another
squad were sent ah%ad to locate the
enemy. Every shed and barn around Sea
bright was searched by the scouts. After
finding the road clear, a elgnal was given
and Colonel Forbes and men proceeded
on the march. The enemy had entrenched
themselves on the east side of the woods.
One-third of them were at the east end
of the railroad trestle and the others
were I behind the Capitola railway em
bankment. the enemy was located
sharp shooters were placed among the
trees which fringe the bank and then the
main body of troops arrived.
Lieutenant Martin was on the extreme
left and attempted to cross the trestle,
but his attempt to capture the men who
wore guarding it was unsuccessful, and
he and his nineteen men were shot lo
pieces, "according to decision of j the
umpires."
Colonel Forbes crawled to the. edge of
the bluff on the grass and brought up
the reserves, the Nevada City company.
The men crawled*to the edge of the bluff
under. a lively fire. Under cover of this
fire Major Greer took his command down
a cut In the bluff. Major Greer ordered
the men forward at double time and
gained the embankment. Jn the mean
time the reserves kept up a steady flre.
After engaging in close firing another
platoon crossed the bridge and attacked
on the flank. Both sides claim a victory.
Hereafter in National Guard hl3tory the
engagement will be known as the battle
ct Twin Lakes. Companies participating
were from Sacramento, Nevada City,
Grass Valley, Marysville, Chico and
Woodland. The scene of the battle was
nearly three miles from Camp Stone. The
officers say . it was the most successful
battle'the regiment ever engaged in.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug:. 21.— So near real
ism did the sham battle of the^Second
Regiment become to-day that Colonel Sey
mour and Major Perky, the umpires, had
to give the order, "Cease firing." The
men became aa excited as though In real
warfare. An Immense crowd of specta
tors saw the battle, in which the popping
of g-uns and the rattle of musketry
played a prominent part. The lay of the
land, the strong defensive position of the
enemy and the rapid maneuvers of the
attacking party made It Interesting. Who
the victors were was not. decided.
Umpires Unable to Give De
cision and Both Sides
Claim Victory.
Members of the Second
Regiment Fight a
Sham Battle.
MIMIC WARFARE
AT SANTA CRUZ
United States Coast : and Geodetic Survey —
¦ Time and Helghts-'of High; and Low
Waters at Fort Point, .entrance to San
' Francisco • Bay. ,- Published by official ¦ au
thority of : the Superintendent. •¦:
NOTE — The high and low waters occur • at
the city front (Mission-street -rtarf) ¦ about ' 25
Sun, Moon and. Tide.
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height of
tide is the same at both places.
SATURDAY, AUGUST 22.
Sun rises 5:31 a. m.
Sun sets....... 6:54 p. m.
Moon (new) sets....... .....0.00 p. m.
5) Timel iTimel Time Time
£ Ft. 1 Ft. Ft. Ft.
.» L W IH W L W II W
22 4:42—0.7111:40 5.4 4:50 1.8 11:09 5.9
23 5:27 —0.5|12:17 5.6 5:42 1.6
H W L W H W L W
24 0:01 5.8 6:12—0.112:55 5.7 «:35 1.3
25 0:55 5.5 6:56 0.4 1:34 5.7 7:30 1.1
20 1:52| 5.1 7:40| 1.0| 2:15[ 5.6| 8.26 1.1
27 2:551 4.71 8:2CJ 1.61 3:011 5.518:23 1,0
28 [ 4:02| 4.4[ 0:17[ 2.1f 3:48| • B.4|10:35 0.0
NOTE— :In the above exposition of the tides
the 'early -morning, tides are given In the. left
hand > column and the successive : tides of -the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; th«
fourth time column gives the last tide of tho
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. r The heights: given are In
addition to the soundings of tlu United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the heights, and then the number
Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plar.e of reference is the mean
of the lower low. waters.
rrar. » Hydrographlc Office, U. S. Nv. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
August 21, 1903.
The time; ball on the Ferry building was
dropped exactly at noon to-day, 1. e., at noon
of the 120th meridian, or at 8 p. m. Greenwich
time. . - ¦ J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. in Charge.
Time Ball.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Friday, August 21.
Etmr Acapulco. Russell. 22^4 days from
Panama, via Manzaniilo 7Vi days..
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 20 hours from Monte
rey.
Stmr Point Arena, Miller, 12 hours from
Point Arena.
Stmr Pasadena, Rasmussen, 60 hours from
San Pedro.
Stmr Corona, Johnson, 19 hours from Eu
reka. ". -
Stmr Redondo. Krog. 21 hours from Fields
Landing; bound south; put In to land pas
sengers. •
Stmr Whittler, Maedonald, 2 days from San
Pedro; up river direct.
Stmr Lakme, Gunderson. 49 hours from Re
dondo.
Stmr Mackinaw, Storre, 00 hours from TaJ
coma. -'mnfMHinHBMM
The British ship Dalgoner was cleared for
Liverpool, England, yesterday with 2G.020 en
canned fruit, 999 cs fruit pulp, 11,209 , ctls
whpat, 57.49a ctls barley. 236.733 lbs orchilla.
10 cs olives, 15 pkgs household goods and 5
pkgs personal effects, valued at 5180,41(5. The
ship also carried 17,000 ft lumber dunnage,
valued at $250. .
A Cargo for Liverpool.
The German bark Christine was cleared yes
terday for Queenstown for orders with 50,817
ctls barley, valued at $<JS,200, and 9005. ctls
wheat, valued at $13,500. The bark also car
ried "'''¦'-; *t lumber as dunnage, valued at
$300. /^
Grain for Europe.
The British Fhlp Vincent, now on Puget
Sound, was chartered prior to arrival for sal
mon from Fraser River to Livepool or London
at 2£s 9d, with option of wheat from Tacoma
to Europe at 2Ss.
The French ship Madelaine (at Burrard In
let) was chartered prior to arrival for lumber,
thence to Cork, U. K.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The French bark Madeleine, quoted at 10
per cent on the overdue list, arrived Thursday
night at Tacoma. The Aristides is now quoted
at 30 per cent, the Milton Park at SJ per cent
and the Helen Brewer at 00 per cent.
Overdue Madeleine Arrives.
The Pacific Mall Company's steamship Ac
apulco arrived early yesterday morning from
Panama and way ports. Ov^ng to the doubt
ful nature of the sickness of a steerage pas
senger the vessel was ordered into quarantine,
where she was detained, however, only for a
few hours. She brought 1123 tons of cargo.
Including 3000 bags of coffee. She had 31 pas
sengers. Including the following named: Al
exander M. Smith. John G. Brumer. Alejandro
Noboa. Maria Noboa, Luis Bodwell, George
A. Ainley, Edward Hardy, Albert J. Scherzer,
Percy Dalglelsh, Robert Strauss. J. Franz
Gurney, Albert Young, Philip J. Knudsen,
Jose Prochazka. Eulalla Woods. Carlos Woods,
Evallna Woods, Alfred Woods, Winifred
Woods. Paulina Mejia, Herbert Morehouse,
John M. French.
Acapulco Arrives.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. I Due.
Newburg Grays Harbor .'..[Aug. 22
Arctic Redondo ......... .(Aug. 22
Rival Willapa Harbor.. iAu«. 'SZ
Kainler: Peattle & Whatcom.. .lAug. 22
Iaqua • Humboldt |Aug. 23
.Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Aug. 23
J. Dollar Seattle £ Taeoma lAiig. •£.>
G. W. ElOcr.. JMnlaml & Astoria:. ..lAug. 23
G. Lindauer..' Grays Harbor Aug. .24
TItania ; Xmialmo .* ..Aug. 24
S. Barbara... Sar. Pedro ............ Aug. 24
Korea.. t China & Japan. ;.:... Aug. 24
Del Norte Crescent City Aug. 24
Czarirfa . ... Coos Bay '. Aug. 24
Argo Eel River Ports. ...... Aug. 24
Pomona Humboldt-.. lAug. 24
Arcata. ...... Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Aug. 24
I State of Cal.. Pan Diego & Way Pts. Aug. 24.
Silesia Etattle .Aug. ZA
Eureka Humboldt .......Aug. 25
Cal'lfornian . . . N>w York 1 Aug. 25
Queen Puget Sound Ports jAug. Mft '
San Pedro... Humboldt Aug. 2C>
Coronado..... Pan Pedro Aug. 2(5
Chehalls San Pedro ..Aug. 20
Coos Bay S*n Pedro & Way Ports;Aug. 2«
North Fork... Humboldt '. Aug. 27
Peru New York via Panama Aug. 27
Corona Humboldt Aug. 27
Santa Urea... Ban Diego & Way Pts. Aug. 27
Centralla Pan Pedro Aug. 28
Point Arena.. JI»-rdoclno & Pt. Arena Aug. 2s
Columbia Portland & Astoria. ... Aug. 28
Luxor........ Hamburg & Way Pts. Aug. 28
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma. ... Aug. 20
City Puebla.. Pusret Sound Ports Aug. 30
Curacao Mexican Ports Aug. 31
TO SAIL.
Destination. ISails.l Pier.
L, ' Ansruwt 22., f |
F. Leggett. Portland Way Pts.| 0 am | Pier 10
S. Monica.. Grays Harbor .....! 4 pmlPler 2
Lakme Grays Harbor 2 pm|Pler 2
Phoenix Mendorlno direct... 1 pm|Pier f.i
Eureka Humboldt .| 9 am|PIer 13
Brirracouta. n. Y. via Panama 1 12 ml Pier 4o
./¦ , I AnKimt 2". 1
Arct »c Humboldt ......... P12 m Pier 10
S. Hosa san Diego & Way. 0 am Pier iO
Corona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 8
AiiK»"t 24.
S. • Barbara. Seattle & Olympla 4 pm Pier 2
Nebrabkan. Honolulu & Kahului 3 pm Pier 20
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 8
AnKiiKt 2.'.
S. Portland Astoria & Portland ,o pm Pier ..
Bonita..... Newport Way. Pts. 9 am. Pier 19
Arcata Coos B.&Pt. Orford 12 m Pier la
AiiKtidt 2O.
, Iaqua. ...... Humboldt .... ...... Pior 2
Coronado... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Chehalls... Grays Harbor .... » pm Pier 2
R. Dollar.. Pcrtlar.d direct ." 5 pm Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt l:30pPler 0
Art'C Eel River Ports 4 pm Pier 2
G. W.Eldei Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 2i
A. Maru... China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Rival Willapa Harbor.... 4 pm Pier 2
.. . — : — Auciidl 27.
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 0 am Pier 19
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Sierra Sydney & Way Pts 2 pm Pier 7
J. Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
Rairier. ... Fcatilp * Wh'tcom 4 pmiPier 2
Anfrnnt 28. |
Centralia... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm|Pier 10
Silesia Hamburg Way Pts 2 pm|Pler 27
AiiKiiNt 20. I I
San Pedro. Humboldt .... IJ0 am|Pier 2
Coos Bay... Newport & Way. .) £1 amlPIer IB
Acapulco... N. y. via Panama. |1 2 mlPler 40
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am|Pler »
AnKust 3O. I
North Fork. Humboidt '.......•• 5 pmiPier 2
Anprimf 31. I ¦
Columbia.. J Astoria & Portlandill amlPIer 24
. FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. I Sails.
Humboldt Skagway & Way Ports Aug. 22
Nome City... Cocks Inlet & Way Pts Aug.- 25
Farallot Skagway & Way Pts.. Augi 26
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports Aug. ' 27
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Ports Aug. 27
City Topeka. . Skagway ft Way Ports Aug. M
Senator Nome direct Sept. 1
Eureka.. Nome direct ....Sept. -1
Excelsicr . Cook's Inlet & Way Pts Sept. 1
Roanoke....:. Nome & St. Michael... Sept. 1
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way. Ports Sept. 2
Ohio......... Nome & St. Michael.. Sept. 2
cisco. *" /
MENDOCINO— Sailed Aug 21— Stmr News
boy, for San Francisco.
EUREKA — Arrived Aug 21 — Stmr Pomona,
hence Aug 20.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in Aug 21— Fr
ship Madeleine, for Tacoma.
Failed Aue 21— Bark Carrollton, for Mel
bourne.
Arrived Aug 21 — Schr C A Thayer, hence
Aug 10.
VENTURA— Arrived Aug 21— Barge Santa
Paula, hence Aug 19, and sailed for San Fran
cisco, In tow tug Rescue. •
PORT HARFORD— Sailed Aug 21, at 5 p m
— Stmr Santa Cruz, for San Francisco. ---•-_
COOS BAY — Arrived Aug 21 — Stmr Arcata,
hence Aug 18.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Aug 21 — Stmr Mel
ville Dollar, from Tacoma.
ASTORIA— Arrived Aug 21— Br stmr Indra
velli, from Victoria..
Sailed Aue 21 — Stmr Geo W Elder, for San
Francisco. ~-
BO\VEN«S LANDING — Arrived Aug 21 — Stmr
Scotia. . hence. Aug 20. , „
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Aug 21— Schr a W
Watson, from '¦ Port Townsend.
ABERDEEN— Arrived Aug 21— Stmr A F
Coatee, hence Aug. 5. '
ISLAND PORTS. .^
HONOLULU— Arrived Aug 21 — Stmr Alame
da. hence Aug 15. Aug 20— Ship Dirlgo. .from
Newcastle, Aus. .
• KAANXPALI— Sailed Aug 12— Bark Dia
mond Head, for Port Townsend.
<••¦ • \ EASTERN. PORTS. - ¦ .
. BALTIMORE— Cleared Aug 20— Ship Banga
lore, for Port . Los Angeles.
NEW YORK— To call Aug 22— Stmr Ameri
can, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
MOJI — Sailed "Aug 15— Fr stmr Amlral Jaurl-
Ger ship Christine, Kruse, Queenstown; Glr
vln & Eyre.
SAILED.
J Friday, August 21.
Stmr San Pedro, Jacobs, Eureka.
Stmr Coos Bay, Nlcolson, San Pedro.
Stmr Columbia. Dcran, Astoria.
Stmr South Bay, Jamlcscii. Eureka.
Stmr Redonflo, Krog, Ean Pedro.
Stmr Brooklyn, Hlggins, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Ginsy, Leland. Santa Cruz.
. Stmr Whitesboro, Olsen, Cacpar.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Bodega.
Schr Mayflower, Gudmansen, Coquille River.
.¦¦' -- '• ".'¦¦ SPOKEN.
Per sehr Uranus— July 4, brig Blakeley, with
25.0C0 codfish; all well.
July — . lat 13 N, Ion 7 W, Br ship Way
farer, from Antwerp, for San Francisco."
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Aug 21, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind S\V, velocity 12 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed Aug 21— Stmr
Coronado, for San Francisco; stmr State of
California, for San Diego.
REDONDO— Arrived Aug 21— Stmr Charles
Nelson, hence Aug 19.
Arrived Aug 21— Schr Azalea, from Eureka.
Bailed Aug 21 — Stmr Chas Nelson, for San
Pedro.
FOP.T BRAGG— Sailed Aug 21— Stmr Na
tional City, for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Aug 21— Schr
Alert, for Guaymas.
FAIRHAVEN— Sailed Aug 21— SJmr Olym
pic, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Aue 21— Stmr Hum
boldt, from Skasrway; stmr Ramona, hence
Aug 17-
Sailed Aug 20^ — Br stmr Robert Adamson, for
Buenos Ayres.
Sailed Aug 21 — Stmr Portland, for Nome and
Unalaska.
TATOOSH — Passed out Aug 21 — Br stmr
Robert Adamson, for Buenos Ayres.
Passed out Aue 21— Schr W F Wltzemann,
for San Pedro.
Passed in Aus 21— Stmr City of Puebla,
hence Aug 10, for Victoria.
HARDY CREEK— Arrived Aug 21— Stmr
Marshf.eld. hence Aug 20.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Aug 21— Schr Ca
mano, from .
Sailed Aug 21— Br bark Algburth, for Val
paraiso.
{ EUREKA— Arrived. Aug 21— Stmr Alliance,
Hence Aus: 20.
Sailed Aug 21 — Schr Allen A, for Honolulu.
PAN PEDRO— Arrived Aue 21— Stmr Chas
Nelson, from ' Redondo; schr Fred J Wood,
from Fairhaven: stmr. Bonita, hence Aug IS;
stmr Prentlss, from Bowens Landing.
Sailed Aug 21 — Stmr Bonita, for San Fran-
Stmr Santa Monica, Olsen, 43 .hours from
Santa Barbara. '- .. -, _>r
U S stmr Adams, Klmball, 3 days from San
Diego.
Br ship Acamaa, Nelson, 74 days from New
castle, Aus. • - V
Br shlo Ben Lee, Anderson, 193 days from
Hamburg.
Bktn S G Wilder, Jackson, 24 daya from
Honolulu.
Schr Abble. Larsen, 16 hours from Flsher
mans Bay.
Pchr Lranus, Erlckson, 20 aays from Bering
Sea. • ¦ - ¦
CLEARED.
. \ Friday, August 21.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego; Pa
clflc Coast Steamship Co.
Stmr North Fork, Nelson. Eureka; Charles
Nclscn Co.
Br ehiD Dalgorar, Isbester. Liverpool; Bal
four, Guthrle & Co. •
During the struggle to cut loose the
sails and in the dangerous employment
of jettisoning cargo in a heavy sea sev
eral members of the crew were pretty
severely knocked about, but all the
bruises had healed by yesterday when
the ship passed In through the Golden
Gate.
In a southeasterly hurricane encoun
tered Marc- 22 tne Ben Lee was thrown
on her beam ends again and once more
shifted her careo.
The Ben I>ee sti'-l wears the scars of
those battles of five months ago. Her
head rails, are twisted and- patches and
makeshifts are In e%"idence from forecas
tle head to poop. She is tight as a drum,
however, and, although in need of nu
merous miscellaneous repairs, is just as
good a ship as when she left Hamburg. -
TixE British ship Ben Lee, which
arrived yesterday 193 days from
Hamburg, encountered two ter
rific hurricanes In the early part
of the voyage. The ship was
thrown on her beam ends, the cargo
shifted and only the stanchness of the
vessel and stoutness of her sticks saved
the Ben Lee from 'enuing her voyage be
fore she had fairly started from the old
world. The first and worst of the hurri
canes was encountered February 22 off
the north coast of Scotland. The wind,
from the southwest, increased in violence
until it blew a hurricane -force. One
blast, fiercer than those that : had been
whistling by for hours, laid the heavily
laden ship on her beam ends. While ly
ing at a sharp angle to starboard the
cargo shifted. Some sails blew away.
Such canvas aa remained - added to the
peril of the almost capsized ship, and
Captain Anderson called for volunteers to
go aloft and cut away the sails still stand
ing!" :'.£-;¦;¦
Every man offered his services. Those
selected succeeded in cutting loose the
sails and relieving the pressure that
threatened to send the vessel to the bot
tom. Freed from the weight of the wind's
force on the canvas, the Ben Lee partly
rightea herself, but not until 500 barrels
of cement had been thrown overboard
did she resume anything like an eyen
keel.
quesberry, for Santa Rosalia.
PUNTA ARENAS— Arrived Aug 3— Ger 8tmr
Amasis, from Hamburg.
SINGAPORE — Arrived prior to Aug 8 — Br
stmr Nlng Chow, from Barry, for Seattle.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Aus 19 — Ger ship
Tarpenbek. from Port Gamble. .
FKEMANTLE- Sailed Aug 21— Bark Gen
Falrchlld, for Newcastle, Aus. and Honolulu.
GUAYMAS— Sailed Aug 20— Schr Lottie Car
son, . for. Eureka.
OCKAN STEAMERS.
GLASGOW — Arrived Augr 21 — Stmr Pomer
anian, from Montreal, for Liverpool; stmr
Sicilian, from Montreal.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Aug 21— Stmr May
flower, from Boston, for Liverpool. I
Sailed Aug 21 — Stmr New England, from
Liverpool, for Boston.
MOVILLE— Sailed Aug 21— Stmr Anchorla,
from Glasgow, for New York; stmr Tunisian,
from Liverpool, for Montreal.
SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed Aug -21 — Stmr
Moltke, from Hamburg, for New York, via
Cherbourg.
Movements of Steamers.
Merchant Mvsteriously Murdered.
ARDMORE. I. T., Aug. 21.— R. T. Lynch,
aged SO years, a merchant of Caddo, was
irurdered in his store there last night
by unknown persons, who escaped.
SALT LAKE, Aug. 21.— There are now
two parties of surveyors for the Western
Pacitic working on the main line of the
road that is to connect Salt Lake and San
Francisco. Word has been received that
the party that started out from Salt
I-ake some weeks ago Is now in Nevada
heading to meet the other party coming
East. It is stated that the prellmir.p>
survey will be completed within the r^ct
plxty days. The main line, it is said.^.ill
po arrtur.d the south end of the lakjvia
Garfteld. In addition a branch rc#i to
tap the Deep Creek district, if njf. the
main line itself, is being figured om.
From a reliable source it is learned that
orders have gone forth from headquarters
to rush things all along the line. Several
local draughtsmen have been approached
with the object in view of securing their
cervices for the line through to the coast.
"The policy being followed by Mr.
Gould is to develop and perfect the prop
erties 'already owned, and the extension
*-ork that is now being done Is mainly
taking place In the East. We expect to
be operating into Pittsburg by the end
or the year."
••At present we have no plans for ex
tending the Gould roads to the Pacific
Coast," said Mr. Bird. "What future de
velopments may bring forth I cannot tell.
I 4o not know anything about the West
ern Pacific or who are behind it, and am
not familiar with their plans.
DENVER. Aug. 21.— A. C. Bird, vice
president of all the Gould roads. In charge
cf ttte traffic, arrived in Denver to-day.
In an interview he stated that plans for
consolidating the Missouri Pacific and the
Denver and Rio Grande had not been con
sidered. *
Operations en New Line From
Salt Lake Progress
Rapidly.
All Railroad Work of
Magnate Confined
to the East.
Arrives Here From Hamburg Bearing Scars of Conflict With
the Angry Elements— -Vessel Is Twice Thrown on Her Beam
Ends and Is Obliged to Jettison 5 00 Barrels of Cement
GOULD WILL NOT
BUILD WESTWARD
SHIP BEN LEE NARROWLY ESCAPES
DESTRUCTION IN TWO HURRICANES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SATUKDAT. AUGUST 22, I«U3.
12
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
California
Limited..,
to CHICAGO
For Those Who
SANTA FE TRAINS.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local J Lim'd | Local lOv'rt'd
- : * : 'VI : ; Daily j Dally I Dally j Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:30a 9:30a 4:00p| 8:COp
Ar. Stockton 10:40 a 10:01 p 7:10 p 11:15 p
"Merced l:05p l:53p 1:28a
"Fresno 2:40 p 3:20p 3:15a
"Hanford 4:5Sp 4:07p 7:50a
"Vlsalla 4:55p 4:4Sp 5:00a
" Bakersfield .. 7:15p 6:00p. 7:35a
"Kansas City 2:35a 7:00a
"Chicago 2:15p| 8:47 p
a for morning ; p for afternoon.
7:30 a. m. Daily Is Bakersfleld Local, stop-
ping at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:55 a. m. dally.
0:30 a. m. Monday and Thursday la the
CAUPORirZA I.TMITEP, carrying 1 Pal-
ace Sleeping- Car« and Dining Cars
through to Chicago. Chair car runs to Bakers-
fleld for accommodation of local first-class pas-
sengers. No second-class tickets are honored
on this train. Corresponding train arrives at
11:10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday.
9:30 a. m. Dally. Valley Limited. Composite
Car and Reclining Chair Car between Bakers-
field and San Francisco. Corresponding train
arrives at 11:10 p. m. daily.
4 :00 p. m. is Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrives at 11:10 a. m. daily.
8:00 d. m. Dally Is the Overland Express
with through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclinlnc Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Cor-
responding train arrives at 6:25 p. m. dally.
Personally conducted parties for Kansas City.
Chicago and East leave San- Francisco every
Monday, Thursday and Saturday at 8 p. m.
Offices — Ml Market street and in Ferry De-
pot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oakland!
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN MY. CO.
LESSEE
UH FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Terry, Toot of Market St.
SAW FBAZTCISCO TO SAX EAPAEL.
"WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 9:00. 11:00 a. m ¦
12:35. 2:30, 3:40, 5:10, 5:50. 6:30 and 11-30
p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. in • 1-30
2:30, 3:40. 5:10. 6:30. 11:30 p. m.
SAN EAPAE1 TO SAW FBAWCZSCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05, 6:50 7:35 750 9"0
11:15 a. m.; 12:50, »2:00, 3:40, 5:0o[ 5 : 2o'
6:25 p. m. '
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:50, 7:35, 9:20. 11:15 a. m.- 1-43
3:40. 4:50, 5:00. 5:20. 6:10. 6:25 p. m
'Except Saturdays. .
Leave I In Effect 1 Arrive
San Francisco. [ May 3. 1903. |san Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. 1 days. \ ticn. | daya. j Days.
7:30a sisi: |i«: •:«;
l^n 2 :^ a IffKacl0 - W^alO^a
2 : ?« p P :i ?2 p 6: °0p C:20p
6:10 p 0:10 p fl :2O p 7i«5 S
• • 7:25 p| r"
7:30 a 7:30 a 7-45"a~7^4?I
S :^ a 2 :< S a Novato. loisOalO^I
2:30 p 0:30 a Petaluma. 6:20 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:25?
5i 10 _P Santa Itosa. v
7:30 a 7:30 a "« 10-20 a 10-°Oa
ilaoS §=Sog ' rulton - T;a? 1llg
Windsor^
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsburg, 10:20 a 10 "0 a.
Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyservtlle, 7:25 p 7«>5 n
/ Cloverdale. v
7:30a|7:30a| Hoplahd- |l*»:20a!lO"0 a
2:30p|2:30p| and Uklah. |7:25pr7;25S
7:30a|7:30a| Willlts. I 7:25p| 7:25~p
8:00 al 8:00 al Camp Vacation. 110:20 allO->oi
2:3 °PI 2:no p [ Guernevllle. |7:25prfi;?ft *
S:O0a 8:C0a| Sonoma. I 8 40 al 8-40a
S:*OP 5:10 p| Glen Ellen. UjoOpl e^p
7:30 al 7:30 al • |10-20"a 10->ft »
2:30 pf 2:30 pf Sebaatopol. | 7:'25 * ei^O g
STAGES connect at Gre«n Brae for San
Quentln; at Santa Roea. for White Vni^hf,
Springs; at Fulton for AUrurto! «!"&
West Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Sprimrs ¦
at Gcyserville for Skaggs Springs at Clover'
dal V fO r TI the , °«-»e™. Boonevllle'and Cr^enl
wood; at Hopland for Duncan Springs lltlh
land Springs. Kelseyville, Carlsbad Snrinl.
Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlitt lprin« "t
Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Sp "n K V
Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Spr Sis'
Upper *ake. Porno. Totter Valley. John n« v-i
•nivewlde. Lieriys. BucknelTs Sanh^drin
Height!.. Hullvllle. Orr", Hot Springs H a V"
way House. Comptche. Camp Stevens h™L
kins. Mendocino City. Fort Bram Westo^T
Usal: at Willlts. for Fort Bragk* W«t^n'
Sherwood. Cahto. Covello. LaytSnVlll* rw*
mings. Bell's Springs. Harrit y Olse" ! s' £v£"
Garbervllle. Peppcrwood. Scotia and Eun*T
Saturday to Monday round-trip ticket? m
reduced rates. »««.»eis at
On Sunday— nound-trlp tickets to all nnint
beyond San Rafael at half rates !nt3
buying. ° fflCe> 6S ° M " ket 8t "' t - Chronicle
H. C. WHITING. ' Tt X nviv
Gen. Manager. GJ^r^j^t
MOUNT TAAULPAIS RAILWav
Dwy». daya >Sfl^SSfev f ""* Week
»2l5flO:OOA 1 | : »°»3:30p
11:3Oa Xgg5§5/ j:SOp 5:fiop
BATLWAY TBAVEK
ioUTHliiN PACIFIC
•wwlna le)»ve> anrt are due to arriv« *z
Trains le h »^* FKA xCISCO.
* rMaln Line, foot of Market Street > w
8aT ~ — " _ gto» AcecaT 1. 1903. — *i»iti
"7 00a Benlcla, Sulsun. Klmlr* anU Sacra- "
mento •• v?5 p
7H0a v«c»Tllle. Winter*. BnmMr...... 725r
7 Jfli Msrtinex. San Ramon Vallejo,
740a M»ri Caltotog , f SanU Rosa.. . . 6.25?
7.30a Nile* LlTermore. ****£?%?* 7 j-,
8.00 a *»;'*•• ororille. (connects
aiMnryirHl- for Grldle T . Bigg.
8 00a At"l»n«c Expres^-O^en sad Um. tO^sI
SdOa Port Co«t«, Martlnei. Antioch. By-
8.BUA v _ gtockton-Sacrnmpnto.
SJ luaofc Mendod. Hanford.
V1»*ll». Porterrlllo ....j.m4^5»
•JMa Port Costa. Martinez. Tracy. Lath-
8X0 r^>. Modesto. Merced. Fresno
OoVnen Janctlon. Hanford. Vi-
UIU OSS: lx^f-I»iV,V.-wmiim; ***
Mary»Tf He. Chico, Red Bluff. .... 4 25*
TracT. Lathrop. Stockton,
.1.30,
,o.ooa t^^^-J^?-^: e.|s,
1200m Hayward. Nlles and Way Station*. 9 Z5r
11.001" Sacramento Hirer Steamers........ MLOU*
3i0r Benlds. WlnteTi. S»cr«niento. .-.
"Woodiand, WiUlams. Coln»a.Wll-
lows. Knftthti Landing. Maryt- .-
Tllle.OroTlllesndwayiitatlon*.. lO-of*
3.30F Hayward. X lies and Way Station*.. /.66F
4.00F Harttne2,8»nB»nion.Vallejo.&apa, __
Callntog*. SanU Rosa ... ,2-SS*
4.00i> Martlne*. Tracy.Lnthrop.Stoekton. lOZg*
400r Nlles. UTermore. Stoctton. Lodi.. *?ff
4-ZQt Dayward. Nncs. Irrlngton, San {, 4»-°|*
Jose. LfTermore I II J.oo*
B&Qt Th« Owl Limited— Fresno. Tulnre.
Ba&eriQeld, Los Angeles; con-
nects at Saugns for Santa Bar-
bara 8 SB*
6£0f Port Costa, Tracy. Stockton, Lo*
B*nos •?•£§*
tSSOr Hayward. N!!es and San Jose .tsl A
6.00F Hayward, Ni:«» and San Jose. 102»*
6.C0r Oriental Mall— Osrden. Panver.
Omaba. St. Loots. Cnlcago and,
£a«C (Carries Pullman Car pa««
•engeri only out of San Fran-
cl«co. Tourist car and coach
passengers take 7.00 r. u. train
to Keuo, contlnnlnK thence la
their cars 6 p.m. train eastward.. 4-ZSV
Westbonnd. Sunset Limited. —
From New York, Chicago, Hew
Orleans, El Paso. Lo* Angeles.
Fresno. Bcrenda. Raymond ( from
To«emlte). Martinez. Arrlyes.. 8 23*
UOQr Ban Pablo. Port Cotta, JUrtJne*
and Way Stations. 11 25*
tl-OOr Vallejo 7.65»
7X0p Fort Costa. B-»lcla. Sulsua, Davis,
Sacramento. Truokee, Keuo.
_ Stops at all stations east of
Sacramento 7-55*
8C5p Oregon A California Express— Sac-
ramento, Marystllle, Bedding,
Portland. Puget Sound and East. 8-55*.
tB.IOr Hayward. Nlles and Saa Jose (Sun-
day only) 11155*
11.25P Port Costa, Tracy. Lathrop, Mo-
desto. Merced. Itaymond (to To-
semlte). Fresno, Uanford, Vi-
stula. Bakersfleld 12251
COAST LINE Oarro* «•««;•).
(Foot of Market Street.)
' }745a SanU Crux Excursion (Sanday
only) J8-1Q*
8.15a Newark. CenterTllle. San Jose.
Felton. Boulder Creek, Santa
Crnz and Way Stations.... 6 25*
t246> Newark, CenterTllle. San Jose,
New Almaden.Los Gatos.Felton,
Boulder Creek. Santa Crux and
Principal Way Station* 10-554
4-16r Newark. San Jose. Lo* Oatos and
way stations (on Saturday and
Sunday rnns through to Santa
Crnz; Monday only from Santa
Crnz). Connects at Feltoa to
and from Boulder Creek t8-5S|
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN FRANCISCO. Foot of Market St. (Slip*)
— f7:13 »:0O 11:00 a.m. 1.00 3-00 5.15 p.m.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — t«:0O ii:(H
t8:05 10:00 a.m. 12 00 2 00 400 P.M.
COAST LINE (Wroad Ua«*e>.
(W~ Cf hlrd and Townsend Street*.)
6.10a San Jose and Way SUUons. 7.3!>
+7 00*. San Jose and Way Stations..... ... 6-30P
/8.00a New Almaden (Tues., Frld.) /4.10P
17.1 5a Monterey and Santa Crux Excur-
sion (Sunday only) t3.3O*
1.00a CoastLlne Limited— Stops only San
Jose,Gllroy.Honister,Psjaro.Cas-
trorllle. Salinas. San Ardo. Paso
Bobles, Santa Margarita, San Luis
ObispMprlnclpal stations thence)
Santa Barbara. Saugut and Los An-
geles. Connection at Castrorin«
to snd from Monterey and Pacific
Grove and at Pajaro north bound
from Capltota and Santa Cruz 10.45P
¦¦COa Ban Jose. Tres Plnos. Cspttola,
Santa Cruz.Paetnc Orore.Saltnaa,
¦ - San Lnls Oblspo and Principal
Intermediate Station* 4-10?
TVe«tbound El Paso Passenger.—
From Chicago. El Paso, Los An-
.' '__ geles, Santa Barbara. ArrlTes.. 130p
1030 a San Jose and Way Stations 1.20P
11.00a Cemetery Passenger— South Saa
Francisco, San Brnno 1.05*
11 30a San Jose, Lo* Gatoa and Way Sta-
«°n» 5.38*
•1-30* San Jose and Way Stations x7.00p
2.00p San Jose acd Way Stations {9.40a
Z.30P Cemetery Passenger— South Saa
.__„_ Franciico, San Brnno 4.35»
T ZS-CQT Del Monte Kxpres»— Santa Clara,
San Jo«e. Del Monte. Monterey,
Pacific GroTe (connects at Santa
Clara for Santa Cruz, Boulder
- ,,. Creek and Narrow Gauge Points) t1 2-1 5*
m*BT Burllngame. San Mateo, Redwood.
MenloPark. Palo Alta Maylleld,
Mountain View. Lawrence. Santa
Ciara. San Jose, Gllroy (connec-
tion for Holllster. Tres Ptnos).
Pajaro (connection fcr Watson-
vine, Capltola and Santa Cruz), «
Pacific Grove and way stations.
Connects at CastroTllle for Sa-
.,„. llnas 10 45*
»r«« San Jose and Way Stations 8-36*
To-OOP San Jose. (t1» Santa Clara) Lo*
Gatoa, Wright and Principal Way
.:,. Stations r900*
!2,2 F s »nJose and PrlnclpalWay Stations t8 CO*
T6.15P SanMateo,Beresford,Belinont.San
Carlos, Redwood. Fair Oaks,
. _. MenloPark. Palo Alto t6.48*
S.3CP S«n Jose and Way Stations 8.30*
7-COp Sunset Limited. Eastfcoand.— San
Luis Ooispo, Snnta Barbara, Lo*
Angeles, Demlng. £1 Paso. New
Orleans. New York. (Westbound
¦ ____* rTl ™ Tl «S >| nJo»qulaVayey)... v82S*
8-COp Palo Alto and Way SUUons.....:.. 10.15*
•II^CP Mlllbrae. Palo Alto and Way St»
tion* tQ js»
« 11.30* Mlllbrae, San Jose" and Way *s£
tl0 ° s j94Sp
* r. A *V Mornln S- M y for Afternoon.
X Saturday and Sunday only.
I Stops at all stations on Sunday.
T Sunday execpted. t Sanday only.
0 Saturday only. *
* Connects at Goahen Jc with trim* for Hanfonl
„ _, Vlsalla. A t Frewo. for Vlsal! » t<» Saagar.
. • via coast Line. / Tuesday and Friday.
"'A," 1 " *1» XU". n Dally except Saturday,
v \ la San Joaquln Valley. .
1 Slops Santa Clara south bound only. Coaaeoti
"cept Snnday. for all points Narrow Gauge.
*-" Only trains stopping at Valencia St. i.u:hboo34
are 8:10 A.H.. 11:00 aj,.. 2:30 p^. and t:3O r.M.
¦ TO SAN RAFAEL,
SAN QUENTIN,
MILL VALLEY,
i^ia^i^ 13 !! CA ZADERO,ETC.
!S^i6w^a5^^«i via Sausalito Ferry
WEEK ' DAYS— (Holiday* except' d>— 6:43.
t*T:45. 8:43. 0:45. 11 a. m.. 12:20. '1:45. 3:13,
4:15. |5:13. •C:15. 6:45. ». 11:45 p. m.
7:45 a. m. train week days does not run to
Mill Valley.
SUNDAYS AND LEGAL HOLIDAYS— 7.
tS. t*». t*10. 11. m:30 a. m.. fl2:aO fl.UO.
2:SS. »3:50. 5. 6. 7:30, 0. 11:45 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San QuSftt'n. Those
marked (t) to Fairfax, except 5:13 p. m. Sat-
urdays. On Saturdays the «:13 p. m. trair» #
runs to Fairfax.
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAX FRANCISCO
— Week days — 5:25. J6:25. 7:40. 8:15. $9:35.
11:05 a. m., 12:30, 2:20. J3:45. 4:50, 5:30. 6:43.
10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15. 7:33. tS.10. 9:40. J10:J5.
Jll:43 a m.. 12:50. 2:30. J3:23, 4:40. i5:5O.
6:53. 7:35. 10:20 p. m.
Train* marked (t) "tart from San Quejuln.
FROM MILX. VALLEY TO SAX FRA.V-
CISCX) — Week days — 5:43. 6:40. 7:43. 8:23.
»:45. 11:10 a. m.. 12:40, 2:45. 4:15. 5:10, 7:05,
10:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:33, 7:35. 10. 11:10 a. m.. 12:03.
1:05 2:40 3:45. 4:."3. 6:05. "j:10. 10:40 p. m.
' THROUOn TRAINS.
7:43 a. m., week daya — Ca2adero and way
stations.
5:15 p m.. week days (Saturdays exeepted)—
Tomales and way stations.
3:13 p. m., Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations-
Sundays and Legal Holidays — S a. m., Caza-
dero and way stations.
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 10 a. m.. Point
Reven and way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— K!« Market *t.
FERRY — Foot of 'Market st.
The Weekly Call.
61 per Ycap.
WATCH -FOB BREWSTER'S MILLIONS-NEXT SOfAyS CALL— A GREAT SERIAL STORY
OCEAN TRAVEL.
eSte&roerE leave Saa Fran-
cisco as follows:
For Ketc&kan, Janeau.
Haines, Skagway. etc.. Alas-
ka— 11 a. in.. August 4, 9.
14. 19. 24, 29, Sept. 3.
Change to company's steam-
ers at Seattle,
For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Towusend. Seattle, Ta-
ccica, Everett. "Wbatcom — 11 a. m., August 4.
8, 14, 19. 24. 23. Sept. 3. Change at Seatt!«
to this company's eteamers fcr Alaska aa4 G.
I». By.; et Seattle lor Tacoma. to N. P. Ry. ;
at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
Tor Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:83
p. in.. August 2. S, 14, 20, 26. Sept. 1; Corona,
1 :30 p. m.. AnSOSt 5. 11. 1". 23, 2i. Sept. 4.
Fcr Lies Acgeles <vla Port Lou Angeles and
Redosdo). San Dieco and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa.. Kundaye, 8 a. in
State of California. Thursdays, n a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
Ban Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey, San Simeon, Cayacos. Port Harford
tfcti. L.ul« Obi*po). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 8 a. m.. August 5. 13. 21. 29.
£ept. 6.
Bcrita, 8 a. m.. Aug. 17, 25. Sept. 2.
Kcr Enwnada. MagdaJena Bay, Ean Jo*« del
Cabo. Maratlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Ho-
ealla. Guaymas (Hex.). 10 «. ra.. 7th or each
month.
Fcr further information obtain folder.
Rlpht Is reserved to change rteamers cr sail-
Inp dates.
TICKET OmCES — 4 New Montgoia-
try street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Rrcadway vharf.
Freight efftce. 10 Starket street.
C. D. DUXANN. General Passenger Agent,
10 Market St., San Frantlsco.
O. /?. & N, CO.
"Columbia" rails Aug. 21, 31. "George W.
Elder" trails Aug. 16. 2ti. Only steamship line
to PORTLAND. OR., and ehort rail line from
Portland to all points F.ast. Through tickets
to all points. a!l rail or steamship and rail at
LOV.'EST RATES. Steamer tickets Include
berth and meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear
ft. at 11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. Apt. Pass.
Dept.. 1 Montgomery *t.: C. CLIFFORD. O«a.
Art. Frt P"pV. 3 M^nteomery st.
AMERICAN LIME.
NEW XOBK—SOV1 HAMPTON— LONDON.
NewYcrk.Aug.SO.lo p.m. St. Louls.Sept. 9, 10am
Phila . ..S»»rit. 2. 10 j>~i NowYrrk Sen.VVIO am
ATLANTIC T3.&.ESPOBT IiIITE.
Kew Ycrk — London Direct.
Mir.neps.Aug.29, 10 amlMesaua. .Sept. 12, 9 am
liinnefcaha.Eept. .V4 pm'Mir/t'r.ka.Sept. 19.4 pm
Only Fir*t c;.if« riliriiiiii Carried.
DOSCIXXOSr &ZHS.
Boston — QuecEstovm — Uverpool.
Commonwealth. Aue. 24
JCew England. ..Sept. S New England.. .Oct. 1
Mayflower ....JVpt. lOJMByfiower Oct. S
2sSoatre&l — Liverpool — Short sea passage
Kensington Aug. 25'! South wark Sept. 12
Dominion S*rt. & Canada Sept. 26
Boston {^ediisrrsnean D!rcci
aZOfiES— GIPKAI.TAn-.WIT.r.S— C.KNOA.
Vsncouvpf Eat. Aug. CJ>. Oct. 10, Nov. 21
CambroTTisn Sat. Sept. 10 Oct. 31. D<»c. 12
MOTiZtAXTD AMEHICA X.X2TC.
XTevr York — Rotterdam via Boulogne.
SaU:r.g Wtdnr-sday at 10 a. m.
JCoordam Aue 20 : Potsdam Sept. 0
Rotterdam ....Sept. 2Pt^tc-nrtnTn Sept. 16
BED STAB Z.Z27S.
Kew Ycrk — Antwerp — Paris. *
Krocn'ld.Aufr."0. K> an-. < Finland. Rtpt. 12. 10 am
Zealand.. P*pt. .V 10 em Va^erM.Pont. lu. 10 ara
WHITJU STAB XtlJtd:.
ZTew York — JQueenstown — Liverpool.
E^'Ungr Wednesdays ar.d Fridays. ,
Victorian. Aug. '2'>. 1 aniiTeutrnicSept. 2, 12 m
Oceanic. Aug. 2ft, fi amjArabic Sept. 4, 4 pm
Cyrrrlc.Aug;.- < '.S:1<! am'Arm»-n:an.Pfpt. 8. 7 am
C- T>. TAYI-OU. PaEser.KT Agor.t. Pacific Coast
21 Post Et.. San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
fOP.IEKTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First aal
Brannan streets, et 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
«cd HONGKONG, ca'hny at Kobe (Hlcgo).
•¦CacasBfci and Shanghai, ar.d connecting at
licr,?rkong with steamers for India, «-s.c. .N u
rjirpo received on board on day cf sailing
{.;. S AMERICA MARU
Wednesday. August 2«. 1003
B. S. HONGKONG MARU falling at Ma-
nil*) Saturday. September 13. \yn
E. «. NIPPON MARU
Thursday. October IS. 1903
Via Honolulu. Round-trip ticket* at reduced
ra.tes. For freight and passage, apply at Com-
pany's cff.ee. 421 Market Etreet. corner First.
W. II. AVERT. General Agent.
oceaBies.s.co.i«^c
i CiRECl UU n lAKHl
£. E. S1EHRA. for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Aug. 27. 2 p. m.
K K. ALAMEDA. fcr Hon&lulu. Sept. 5. 11 a-m.
6. S. MAP.IPOSA. for Tahiti. Sept. 20, 11 *~|m.
4i.SrE£KElSlBF.CJ.C3. f *jti..ria!li;ffla,ti3fiftBa
fnf-tKa=e.32E fertst.L.Pxrls. 7. PaaSe It
CCKPAGKIE GESERiLE TRAK8ATLANTIQUE.
CIP^CT LINE TO HAVREJJJLRia ..^
Suil'.r.s every Thursday ii.ttead of *jff fS?'i>
SaturOiy. at 10 a. m., from Pier 42.
Jiorth Iiiver. foot of Morton street.
Firct-claes to Havre. J70 and upward. Seo-
cnd-class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
KRAL ACENCY TOR UNITED STATES AJJD
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York. J. F. FCGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, b Montgomery avenue. Ban FrancUco.
TlckrtF nold by all Railroad T.rket Agents.
ll*re ZKlana aafl VaJleJo Steamera.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MOXTICELLO—
0:43 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday. 8:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo.
7 a. in., 12:30 noon. 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day 7 a. m , 4:15 p. ra. Fare, 60 cents. TeL
Wain 1608. Pier 2. Mi*slon-«t- dock. HATCH
EROS.BAGS— Grain Bags, C@5%c; San Quentln,
5.55c; Wool Bags, 32@33c; Fleece Twine, 7%©
sc; Cotton Fruit Bags. 6J4c «% and 7>4c for
the three grades.
COAL — Wellington. $S per ton;XNew Wel
lington. $V. Seattle. $ti 50; Bryant, $0 50; Bea
ver Bill. *3 GO; Stanford. $7; Roslyn, $7; Coos
Bay. $5 50: Greta. 87: Wallsend, $7; Rich
mond, $< 50; Cumberland, $13 In bulk and
91125 In sacks: Welsh Anthracite Egg. $1J;
Welsh Lump. $11 60; Cannel. $8 50 per tor;
Coke, (11 50© 1:: per ton In bulk and $15 In
tacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. $8 45 per
2000 lbs and *S 50 per ton. according to brand.
OIL — Linseed. 44c for boiled and 42c for raw
in barrels: cases. 6c more: Castor Oil. In cases.
No. 1. 70c: Bakers' AA. $1 10«U 12; Lucol. 41c
for boiled and 39c for raw In barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels. 90c; cases. 85c;
China Nut. 57%®C2c per gallon; pure Neats
foot. In barrels. J5c; cases, 80e; Sperm, pure.
70c; Whale Oil, natural white. 5O#55c per gal
lon; Fish Oil. In barrels. 45c; Cases. 60c: Co
coanut Oil. In barrels. &Sc for Ceylon and S5o
for Australian.
- COAL OIL— Water WhiU Coal Oil In bulk,
14c; Pearl Oil In cases. 20%c: Astral. 20%s;
Star. £ou.c: Extra Star, 21%c; Elaine. 2(>'. 3 c:
Eocene. 23%e; deodorized Stove Gasoline. In
bulk, 17c; in caves. 23%c; Benzine. In bulk.
18c; in cases. 19%e: RH-degree Gasoline, In
bulk. 21c: In cases. 27 Vic.
TURPENTINE— 76c per gallon In cases and
70a in drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 60
General Merchandise.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty 'days.. — $4 83^4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86^4
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 87V*
New York Exchange, sight — ¦ " 7%
New Tork Exchange.* telegrapMc — 10
SlUer, per ounce 1. — 55%
Mexican Dollars, nominal — " 42
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — Liverpool futures were lower and
Paris futures higher.
Chicago showed little change. Northwestern
crop news was bearish. The Southwest was
buying, the Southern millers were after sup
plies and St. Louis reported the best cash de
mand for a month, with a strong market. The
exports from the country for the week were
3.373,000 bushels.
, The California market remained about as be
fore, "with growers holding above the views
of buyers.
CASH WHEAT.
California CJub, $1 45@1 50; California
White Australian, $1 55^1 CO; Northern Club,
$1 43&1 50: Northern Blue Stem. $1 55®1 57»/i;
Oregon Valley, $1 52^4.
FUTURES. ;
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 47% $1 47V4 $1 4«% $1 4o-, t ,
: ' 2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$l iH% $1 47 $1 40% $1 4fiTs
BARLEY — Quotations showed no further
change of importance. For Feed $1 10 was
: the general top, with a sale at $1 1 1 V* . and
I another of low grade at $1 07Vi. The market
was steady, but not overactlve.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. HI 08*161 11VJ ; Shipping and Brew
ing. $1 12%(gl 17i*; Chevalier, $1 20®l 60 for
fair to choice.
... FUTURES. ¦ ,
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 09 $100% $109 Jl l
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 09'4 $1 OOVi $1 08% $1 oUMi
OATS — Yesterday wa9 the day for the open-
Ing of the bids for the Government order for
1200 tons. Aside from a slight decline In the
top quotation for Reds there was nothing new.
White. M i(ml Hi); Black. $1 3<«B1 45; Red.
$1 15<ffl 22«£ for common and $1 25®1 32% for
choie«: liray. nominal.
CORN — The market continues In the old
familiar groove, with meager supplies and
holders asking full figures.
Western, sacked, *1 6<»01 52% for Yellow
and $1 47%@1 «> for mixed; California !a»ee
Yellow. $1 67%(gl B2%; small round do. Si "fo
@1 75; White. $1 55 per ctl.
RYE— $1 17Vi«tl 23 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 23@2 50 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $( 6Ca
4 85, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $1 50@4 <;o- i
Oregon and Washington. $3 l»C(S4 20 per bbi '
for family and $3 00&4 40 for Bakers.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 50 per 100 lbs- Rya
Flour, $3 £5: Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour.- $7- j
Corn Meal, $3 50; extra cream do. $4 25; Oat '
Groats. $4 .'.0: Hominy, $4 2.'.<fi4 50; Buckwheat
Flour, $4 r,0?}4 7".; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Fa
rina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 75; Rolled
Oats, bbls, $7J3S 60: In sacks, $6 50@S 10-
Pearl Barley. $0; Split Peas,' boxes. $7; Green
Ftas. $5 50 per 100 lbs. ,
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Dei4£rs aro reporting choice grades of Hay
firm, with some sale* as high as $15. The
medium and lower grades continue weak. There
is nothlns new In Feedetuffs beyond an advance
In Rolled Barley. ;
liHAiN — *24 otil/25 50 per ten. ;
MIDDLINGS— ?27Cf3rt per ton. i
SHORTS— *2-lfi25 per ton.
FEEDPTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $23 50#24 50 1
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26628 50;
Jobbing, ?'J7Tt27 50; Cocoanut Cake, $21@22; i
Cfirn Meat, *-Ki PO'5:!4 !•»; «;rackeil Corn, !r:'.i<if \
35: Mixed Feed. $2Jtj24; Horse Beans, fSSiffSa I
rcr ton. ;
HAY— Wheat, $12.^14 60, with sales of extra i
choice at $13; Wheat and Oat. $llffl.'l 00: Oat.
$1CQ13: Wild Oat. $S 5W11 50; Barley. ?nsil-.
Clover, $» 50&11; Stock. $8<&D; Alfalfa. ?»®
10 50 per ten.
STRAW — lOftliOc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Conditions In Beans remain as heretofore t
stated, t!is market being oulet and inclined •
to gome wcaknrrs on account of the approach I
of the new croo.
BKANs?— UayoJ. .?.I: Pea. $3 23; Butters.
$3 25; small White. ?2 T5©3 lo: large White.
$2 75.13.2 ,S'.; 1'ink. ?2 S5fe3; Red. $2 act®:!.
Lima. *:« 2."«v:t r.o; Red Kidneys, nominal;
Blackeye, ?2 50Q2 75 per ctl; Horse Beans,
t» -Jikj/I DO.
SEKUS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yeilow
Mustard, nominal: Flsx, $1 7031 80; Canary,
tirade for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape.
l$i&2'/4c: Timothy. «tf«%c; Hemp. 3^©3Vje
per lb: Millet, 3i$3'/ie: Broom Corn Seed fMit
¦Si per trn.
DRIED PEAS— Green. *1 80<g2 per ctL
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Prices of river Potatoes were unchanged and
the markt-t was moderately active under a lim
ited demand for shipping and a good local in
quiry. Five CP.rs of Salinas Burbanks were
marketed and fancy offerings met with quick
sale at steady rates. Merced Sweet Potatoes
were offering again and sold at the minimum
quotation. The top rate was obtained for
choice offerings from Stockton. Onions were
weak, with stocks steadily accumulating. Only
strictly fancy offerings sold over ur>c per ctl.
Most description* of vegetables were In ex
cessive supply, and, as trade was quiet, prices
generally had a downward tendency. Receipts
cf Green Corn were heavy and included much
poor stock, some of which had to be dumped.
There was practically no Inquiry for String
.or Wax Beans*, which were In free supply. The I
canners were offering one cent per lb for choice
String and secured a considerable quantity.
Tomatoes were in light but ample supply and
continued to command good figures. Green Pep
pers and Okra were abundant and very weak.
The other vegetables were unchanged.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river. 75c@
$1 10 ner ctl in sacks nnd $1&1 50 in boxes,
with some fancy higher: Salinas Burbanks,
fl 50® 1 75 per ctl: Early Rc*e. HOc©?l: Garnet
Chiles, Jl^l 15; Sweet Potatoes. 3@3%c per
pound. .
ONIONS — 554770c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. 75eig$l 50 per
sack: crates ffom Alameda. $1@1 78: from
Berkeley. 0Oc3J$l 23; Green Peas, 3@4c per lb:
String Beans. 1«2VjC per Ib; Wax. l%©2%?:
Lima Beans. l%02V4c per lb; Tomatoes, $1 230
1 75 per box; Summer Squash, 30® 40c per box;
Cabbage, 76c3$l per ctl; Carrots. 75c®$l per
sack: Cucumbers. 35<5&0c Der box: Pickle Cu
cumbers. $1 25(gl f>5 per box for No. 1 and 75c
&fl tor others; Garlic. 2tf»3e per lb: Green Pep
pers 25(S4OC por box or sack; Green Okra, 25SJ
50c per box; Kgts Plant. 401iti3c per box; Mar
rowfat Squash. ?20 per ton. \
Poultry and Game.
% Poultry ruled easy under continued heavy
receipts, but prices had.no quotable change.
A car of Western was on sale and sold In pref
erence to domestic stock. The receipts of do
mestic constated chiefly of small young stock,
which was not wanted. Large old Roosters
and heavy Hens were steady, but Fryers. Broil
ers and youni Roosters dragged. Game was
weak at previous prices. A considerable por
tion of the receipts chewed the effects of the
hot weather in the Interior, being tainted and
otherwise In poor condition. The quotations
are Tor sound Game only.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, nominal: Geese.
per pair. • $1 23©1 50: Goslings. $1 50®l 73:
Ducks. $334 per dozen for old and $3@4 50
for young; Hens, $4®5: young Roosters. $4?T
5: old Roosters, $4 50®5; Fryers, $342,150:
Broilers, $3<R3 50 for large and $2if 2 50
fcr small : . Pigeons, $1 00 , per dozen for old
and $1 60@l 75 for Squabs.' . ¦;. J ',¦•".
GAME— Rabbits. $1 25^1 7R per dozen;
Hare, $1@1 25; Wild Doves,' 73c per dozren.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
-The Butter market is being quoted at a wide
range at present. The bulk of the offerings
are selling around 27 %<32Sc, with some houses
quoting up to 20c and others willing to shade
these figures to work 'off their stocks. The
¦ Ensineys continued slack on the exchanges.
with a sale of California Wine Association at
$08 and light tran.<«actlons In Home Oil at
?1 3C#1 33.
Imperial Oil Company has declared a divi
dend of "20c per share, amounting to $20\00til
and Thirty-threo OU Company a dividend 0#
1 10c per share, amounting to $10,000, both pay
] able Septomber 7.
Rights on Bank of California stock sold on
Wednesday at $155.
Advices received by local powder compa
nies from Mr. Du Pont say that the apprais
ers who will value the property of the differ
ent corporations td be merged In the powder
combine will arrive here early In September.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
FRIDAY. Aug. 21—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS. ¦~ /
Bib. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.. — 110 f Is qr c (new) 134 135
4s qr reg... — 110. (."is qr coup. . .10otil07>4,
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — , Do eon Us. — '—
Bay CPC 3s.lOS'i — O W C g 3s. —
qal O & E g Oceanic S 5* — . -S2
and ct 5s4. — — Om C R Cs. — —
Cal-st C 5s.. — — Par Q Im 4s — 100-
C C Wat 3s. — — P E Ry 5s. — —
E«l L & P fi*. — — P & C II 6s. — — •
F & C II 6s. — — P A O R flu. — . —
Oeary-st 5s.. — — Powell-st «s. — . —
It C & 9 oVt» — — S E O&R 5». — 104
. H C 4 S 5s. 97&10O SF & SJV5s — 120
; Hon R T »«s. — 107 S R of C 6s. — —
L A Elec 3s. — — S P of A 8s
L A Ry 5a.ll* llC^i <100»> 107%10sH
L A L C 6s. — — n»!0> 10S% — '
Do gtd 6a. — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 5a. — — I UfWWtSr A. — —
LAP lem 5s. — — n900)Sr B. — —
Mkt-«t c fis. — — once.) .... — — "•,
Do lem 5s. 1179» — M012) .... — —
WRCfof C)5s. — 120 S P C leg 5s — —
NRC»of C)5s. — — Do stmpd. — —
NPC R R 5s. — — 3 P B H Cs. — ltO .
N C P C S». — — S V Wat «s..lO7»i —
N C R 5».. — — Do 4s 2dm. 09V» 33^
N S R~5».. — 100 Do 4s 3dm. 90% —
O G L n 5s. — — Rtkn GAE 6s — —
O T Co 6s.. — — U G & E 5a. — —
Do 5s — — '
WATER STOCKS.
Contra. Costa — CO lPort Costa.. — —
Marln Co . . — — ISprinsr Val.. 85* 85«i
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. — 5 Sac E O & R — . — i 7
Equit Gas... — 5Vi S F O A E. 63 —
Mutual E L. 12% — 8 P Gas — — .
Pac G Imp.. 51 — Stkn G A E. — — \
Pac L' Co. . . 63^ — UO4E....- —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. 64%i —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — —
BANK STOCKS.
Am Natl Bk. — — Lon P A A. — —
Anglo-Cal .. — — Mer Trust ..215 250
Bank of Cal. — — Merch Ex .. — —
CSD&T. — — SF Natlonl. — —
First Natlonl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L. . — — Sav A L So. 95 105
Hum S & L. — — S«c Sav Bk.400 —
Mutual Sav. — . — Union T Co-. — —
S F SAV U. — —
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — — [Presidio .... — —
Giant 67% e8^/A't*orlt — 54
Hana P Co.. — — Kllaaea. S C. — T
Hawaiian C. 43 Vi — Makawell C. 22 23
Honokua S C 12*« 13% 'momea 8 C. 23% —
Uutcb SPC ISM — Paauhau 8 C li% 15^4
NEW YORK. Aug. 21. — The lessening range
of fluctuations in to-day's stock market. Its
irregular tone and the diminishing volume of
businfFs all indicated pretty clearly the ap
i prcjach of another period of speculative rest,
which i» likely to mean email trading and
sluggish fluctuations until some marked change
in condition* develop?. The rally which de
veloped yenterday afternoon was carried for
ward this morning to the extent of between
one and two points for the active stocks. The
rtlly was apparently directed against the
cherts and was effective In Inducing them to
cover largely. Thia served as an admonition
to tbe bears that forces existed to oppose their
effort* to force prices lower, juxt aa the reac
tion on Tuesday had a warning effect on the
over- Industrious bulls. A comparison of prices
of twenty active railroad stocks Indicates that
the decline on the average in prices from the
hlRh level of 1902 to the low level in the early
part of the present month reached something
over 45 points. The only substantial Inter
vening rally was In the latter part of last
year nnd the firt-t part of this under the in
fluence of what Wall street has come to name
• he "faith cure." consisting in intimations
from an influential party of bank officials last
fall, when bank reserves were falling, that they
rtood prepared to supply $50,000,000 of credits
to the stork market If necessary to avert
trouble. That measure postiwned the process
of liquidation, but did not avert It. and It Is
evident that tbe course the market has run
nince had its Inception previous to that. The
rally in the average price of the same twenty
stocks up to the culmination of Tuesday ie
?^itlmated p.t II !x>Int*. The reaction of yes
terday's low point wag In the neighborhood
of T» poiiits. and to-day's upward movement
did not avail to overcome that. Th»» approach
toward a condition of more stable equilibrium
Is easily perceptible. The early demand to-day
did not go far beyond the uncovered short
Interest. The actual weakness developed by :
the fnitrd State* Realty stocks was a factor
In checking the advance, but it was not ef
fectively renewed after the Realty stocks ral
lied. The day's weather map was reported per
fect for the growing crops, and wheat and
corn eased cfl In consequence.
Coprer was rtrong In London and sentiment
abroad was more cheerful regarding the no- i
litical outlook for Southeastern Europe. The
weekV ircHpts of Australian gold and the fact
that the currency movement at the Interior is
•till in favor of New York on balance
premise" well for to-morrow's bank statement,
although the usual doubts cloud the loan Item.
Thepe new developments did not avail to hold
the market. Weakness became decided in the
1'nltrd States 8teel Ftooks and in Pennsylvania,
and quite a number of the leading active stocks
wer<* forced a point or more under last night's
level. A final rally aocentuatfd th<» irregular
character of the ¦ market and the closing
was firm. , . .- ". ¦ : -' ¦ -
llonds wore Irregular. Total sales (par
value), ll.isa.000. ... ,,
United States bonds were unchanged on call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
BaU'K. HiKh. Low. Close.
Atchlnon ...-•• "0. 000 "2% WI S <!1 }i
At chiton rfd !.«*» *®% ***• **%
liaHimoV* Ohio.. 13.000 f*% SI* 82H
S^S&S£ %& mii »3 «$
s»*£B? S if* i I
fhlrfiiro A G W . . . 200 17 1<>% 1«V4
cm a awn Pfd- 1™ 3( > •">• 2°;
Chicago AN W .. 1.000 IC&V, I«3 163
Chicago T & T-... I0O 11% 11% 11
ST*Tl«- 4O» ¦ 2014 1»% 1»H
r >c r & Ft I^ouls. 2OO 71*4 74 73 H
Colorado sSithfrn.. 000 14* 13% 13%
DclawaVft Hudson 300 165% 104»4 164^
Sftr.'r* A R G^.": ;'200 2^ ii" 1*
xZnvcr & R G Pfd.- '400 76% 7<U4" 70
Denver * « ...:... M. 40O S0V4 28 % 23 «
*Z\t irt pfd 2,400 fi7% -««<4 «WVj
Great Northern Pfd ;- : *•«„
Hockinif Valley :••• ™?4
Hocking pfd.. ...-. •••• -•¦ .^
Illinois Central ... 800 133 / 132H 1^2
HZl c«t£i Pfd:: "4oo M-* si- ha
New York Stock Market.
STOCK MARKET.
I EASTERN MARKETS.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 14O to 200 lbs, &56ftc;
under 140 lbs. CM,te5%c; Sows. 20 per cent off;
Boars, 60 per cent oft. and Stags 40 per cent
oft from above quotations.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steer*. 8&0c; Cows and Heifers.
7@Sc; thin Ccwu. 4@5c per lb.
CALVES — *85%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 4c; Ewes. 3ti©3&c per lb
(gross weight).' ; s-
LAMBS— Spring. $2 75@3 per head.
DRESSED MEATS.
Whjlesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — «§7c for Steers and 5@6c per lb
for Cows.
VKAL-Large. 7©Sc; small. OQlOc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. SSJVc; Ewes. 8®8U 0 per
pound.
LAMB— Spring. 0H@10c per lb.
PORK— Dre.-sed Hcks. SVifiOVio per lb. .uv
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Everything under this head remains as be
fore quoted. The packers are still getting
Hogs at 6c.
Meat Market.
WOOL — Fall clip— San Joaquin Lcmbs', 9<3
12c: Foothill. 10@12c; Middle County. ll@I3c.
Quotat'ons for spring clip are as follows: Hum
boldt and Mendortno. l.S«20c; Nevada, 13@1,V:
Valley Oregon, fine, 18510c; do. medium. 17©
16c; do. coarse. 16® 17c per lb.
HOPS— 1903, l!)@20e; 1002. 17%c per Ibv,
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands nell
about lV»c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 10c; medium, »c; light. He; Cow
Hides, 8c fcr heavy and 8c Tor light;
Stags. Cc; Salted Kip. 9c: Salted Veal, OVic;
Salted Cair. lCc; dry Hides, 16c; dry Kip. lsej
dry Calf. 18c: Sheepskins, shearlings, 25(g:5Oe
each; short wool. 4C«S50c each; medium, 70©
l>0c: long wool, *l@l 50 each; Horse Hlilea, salt,
$2 75 for large and $2 25C2 50 for medium, *J
for Email and 50c for Colts; Horse Hide?, dry.
$1 75 lor large and ?1 50 for medium. $1@1 25
j'or small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican, 32V4c: dry salted Mexican, 2t>c: dry
Central American. 32%c. Goat Skins — Prime
Angoras, 75c; larre and smooth. 50c; medium.
83c; Fmall. 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4Vj®4%lc per Ib-
No. 2. 4®4Vic: grease. 2V.©3c.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7*Jc ' per lb for
compound and lC^lo^c for pure: half barrels,
pure. ll»J4©10-\ic; 10-lb tins, lO^fnic; 0-ib
tins HVdc: Mb tins. HHc.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 0%e; thrne
half barrels. OHc: one tierce, U%c: two tierces.
OVic; five tierces. OHc per lb.
CUKED MEATS — Bacon. 12}ic per lb for
hoavy 13c for light medium. 15c for light.
15^c for extra light, 17»£c for sugar-cared and
ISiic for extra sugar-cured; Eastern sugar
cured Hams. y5$ic; California Hams. 15',ic;
Mess Beef, ill r-0^12 per bbl: extra Mesa, $12
©12 50; Family. $13 50; prime Mess Pork. $13;
extra clear. $25: Mess. »20; Dry Salted Pork,
12»4c: PlR Pork. $28; Pigs' Feet. $5 25; Smoked
Beef. 13c per lb.
Chicago reported a somewhat higher market
with the receipts of Hogs a little lighter and
the cash demand showing a moderate lnjprove
ment. The market was not active, however.
There are plenty of Hogs In the country, to
come out when conditions justify.
This market rules quiet at unchanged quo
tations.
Provisions.
RAISINS — 1902 crop are quoted as follows:
2-crown loose Muscatel?, 50-lb boxes, 5V«c per
lb; 3-crown, 5*ic; 4-crown. 6c; Seedless, loosa
Muscatel?. 5c; Seedless Sultanas, 5c; Seedless
Thompsons, 5Vic, 2-crcwn London Layers, 2V
1b boxes. ?1 40 per box: 3-crown. $1 5u; 4
:ro»n fancy clusters, 2o-lb boxes. ?2: 2-crown
Dehesas. 20-lb boxes. $2 50; 6-crown Imperials,
20-lb boxes. $3; Seeded, f. o. b. Fresno, fancy
1-lb cartons, 7%c: choice. 7^4c. . •
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 12^@13c-
No. 2. 10%@U%c; No. 1 hardshell, Ili4fri2c;
No. 2. 10®10Vjc; new Almonds, lie for Nonpa
reils. lCHc for I X L. lOVic for Ne Plus Ul
tra and 8%c for Languedoc: Peanuts, 5<87c
fcr Eastern; Pecans, ll@13c; -Cocoanutn. $4 30
©5.
HONEY — Comb. new. 12i4@13*ic for whit9
and lie for amber: new water white extracted.
r>>i'U>>c: light amber extracted, 5^3^c; dark.
4V4t«4^c.
BEESWAX— 27520c per lb.
NEW FRUIT — Apricots. 7^(?9c for Royals
and 9@llc for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples.
5&6c; Peaches 5&<J?6Vic; Pears. 5>,i@7c.
OLD FKU1T— Evaporated Apples, 4jgf5%c;
Bun-dpled, 3®4c; Nectarines, 4©3c for white;
Plums. 4©6c for pitted and I@li4c for unplt
ted; Figs, 3%@4c for. black and 4®5c for white.
RRUNES— 19C2 crop, 29ie29io for the four
pizes. with"%®lc premium for Wie large slze3.
Slight changes will be seen In new Fruits.
The market is quiet, though some business is
being done. The feeling in all descriptions is
steady.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins ,Honey
Springfield, Mass. 1.243,286 12.5
Norfolk- 1,817,309 6.3
.Daytoa 1.483.050 5.1
Tacoma 1,705,055 13.9 ....
Worcester 1,482,437 10.1
Augusta. Ga " 532,877 .... 20 3
Portland, Me. L417.583 9.5 ....
Scranton ............. 1,027,400 .... 14. D
Topeka 1.115,535 ........
Syracuse 1,153,387 .... 5.9
Kv«nsvlII» S54.4B0 23.0
Wilmington, Del l,25i>.7:u 2.7
Birmingham S53.772 2.0 ....
1 Davenport 684,040 .... 7.3
Fall River ..u 803,381 25.7
, Little Rock '. 708,557 12.5
KtoxvMe 1,000,701
\ Macon 504.0<K) 1.6 ....
1 M'ilkesbarre S28.845 48.4 ....
Akron • «2».7OO 5.1 ....
Springfield, 111 C35.G24 28.4
1 Wheeling, W. Va.... 661,856 16.2
k Wichita 4»4. 637 .... 11.4
1 i Toungstown 521,117 .... 15.6
.Helena 403,235 .... 12.6
i Lexington 66O.C81 6.6 ....
Chattanooga 751,740 31.2 ....
Lowell 433.224 .... 11.0
i New Bedford 509,104 6.2
1 Kalamazoo 60(5,932 20.7
Fargo, N. D. 512,575 64.1 ....
Canton, O. 534,000 22.4 ....
i Jacksonville, Fla 503,919 77.6 ....
1 Greeniiburs. /Pa. 408,033 .... ....
» Rcckford, 111 339,979 4.9
; Springfield, 0 3»4.47o 4.0
» Ilinghamton 370.600 30. 7 ....
Chester, Pa S54.C34 6.6
» Klcomlngton. Ill 30t»,8S0 21.1
1 Quincy, 111 310,223 7.9
• Sioux Falls. S. D 247.S0O 14.8 ....
» Mansfield. 0 185,003
, Jacksonville, 111. .... 2U2.712 11.0 ....
• Fremont, Neb 12T!,520 .... 23.6
i Utlca 2,564,428 14.0 ...;
, Decatur, 111 ;... 248,130 1.6 ....
' ?'•Houston .¦ 11,150,881 20.6
•••Qalvestow ,...:..;. 4.1M7.O0O .... 13.7
Charleston. S. C 750,066
t - • • - _____ • ¦
' Totals U. S $1,013,821,163 9.1
Outside New York. 766,701,028 4.0
•CANADA.
Montreal $20,474,348 12.0
Toronto 14, 275.04ft 20.0
Winnipeg 3,14B.LtH 13.1
Ifallfax 1,«85,112 7.3"
Ottawa 2.391,512 13.3 ....
Vancouver, B. C 1.360.124 2tS.l ....
. Quebec 1.874,754 47.5 ....
i Hamilton 1,273.842 50.4 ....
, Pt. John, N. B 1,050,505 26.2 ....
, Victoria. B. C O5i),7R0
•-London 818.130
1 Totals, Canada $48,200,338 3.7
t 'Balances paid in cash:'
•?Nc^ Included In totals because of no com
parison Ntor last year.
: 1 ""Not Incluuod In totals because containing
, other items than clearings.
Nezu York Grain and Produce.
1 NEW YORK. Aug. 21.— FLOUR— Receipts,
16,775, exports, 25,454 barrels; more active
and flrrr.er.
i WHEAT— Rccei[-ts. G900; expofls. 3334 bush
els; E_>ot, firm; No. 2 red, 34yjc elevator and
8S$ic f. o. b. aflcat: No. 1 Northern Duluth,
i'l'ic f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba.
j IMV.c f. o. b. afloat. At first wheat was
1 weaker on ftne weather In the Northwest, but
• t>m'all winter wheat receipts and a big seaboard
I clearance evidently started 1 short scarp. Re
: j covering its loss, the afternoon market held
, ' firm and cloned Vic net higher. May, 87ViW
, f>8 7-lGc. closed frh^c; September closed 8Cc;
Deoflmber, 8674 e.
j HOPS— Firm.
1 HIDES— Steady.
! WOOL— Firm.
SUGAR— Raw. strong; refined, firm.
1 COFFEE— Spot. <iuiet. Futures closed firm
\ with an advance of ."> to 10 points on later
j months. Sales. 43,750 bags. September. 3.75c:
November. 3.05c; March, 4. 60c; May. 4.80c:
July. 4.00c.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market con
: j tinues ea»y with outside quotations extreme
j and demand light : common, 43jj5^c; prime,
' ti^SitSc; choice, 6!4&»iu>c; fancy, 6%Q7\Ue.
j PRUNES — Spot prunes are steady with a
j fair Jobbing demand for the various grades.
1 j Quotations range from 3c to 7c.
APRICOTS — Are firm and some holders ore
j reported to be asking slightly advanced quota
; tlons. Choice new crop, 0K<30^ic; old crop,
¦ choice, BHOSKo; fancy. 12c.
1 I PEACHES — Continue in rather good demand
j and generally firm with choice held at 7<J7V4c
! and fancy at 8trit>w.c.
I — — —
; Chicago Grain Market.
I CHICAGO. Auc. 21.— There was a big trade
j in wheat, and the market was quite nervous
the greater part of the <lay. Opening prices
wero weak ;-n lower cabVs. excellent weather
In the North v»eat and lenvr markets at Du
i luth and Minneapolis. September was oft
I K4J% to VtH'ik at 7!>Hc to bO%c. and after
j rnmf veiling early in the flay the market de
: cllned. September selling oft to 79'4c. Toward
J noon a better demand drv< li>i«-tl on large clear
: ance.s and increased export demand, together
' with unfavorable crop advices from Nebraska,
! and tho market turned strong, September ad
: yanclng to 81c. There was much liquidation
! late In the day. and while all of the advances
1 did not hold, the market retained much of
J its strength and closed firm, with September a
;hade higher at S0«4e. December was up V.«i
%c, closing at 81 Xc ""
Corn started weak, nftectfd by the " fin>
growing weather and the weakness In the
wheat market, but a strong reaction occurred
I later in UK day and good advances wer»
m L The clo?e was 8tr 0 n S. vlth September
%o higher at 51 %c.
Oats also developed good strength, after sell
ing off fractionally at tho start. The clone
was strong, with September %c higher at o.'h-
Provisions ruled strong, wlift a fair amount
or tradinK. A fair advance in prices for hc~«
a: the yards was an early bull factor.' ami
huylns by prominent lnn S s and outsiders
helped to maintain the early *trensth Packer?
were again the principal sellers. September
pork closed 10c higher; tard was up 20c, and
1 ribs were un 17V«>c.
i The leading futures ranged as follows:
j Articles— " Op»n. Hig!ir~L^ close
i Whrat No. 2 —
; flept, (old) 7f>%. si 1; 701: poy,
Sept. (new) 80ti si 7ni<. ftOS
; Dec. (new) .... 81H 82 NOT? m :'
• M ?>' • • :, ¦ 831i 31 82% S3?i
I Corn No. 2 — ¦
; September 50T4 52'^ SO'H CIRC
i December 61% 52 H .111-, ",,
J^ts-No.-^-- 5l * \ 52% '^
1 September .14 Vi i>35% 34 \U r& !
{December .'!<»% . 3(i'^ iwy. M\n,
I May MX 38% 38% :W-'J
*Ies3 Pork, per bbl—
! September 12 $10 12 00 12 77Vi 1° 87 V.
; October 12 B7>4 12 fl7'-', 13 87V, i"> 07>i
i Mny 13 12"^ 13 12'{. 13 05 13 10
• I-erd. per 100 lhs—
: September « nr» S 25 R 05 8 20
I October 7 til! >4 7 . «7 V£ 7 tj-ji/. 7 i,,!-,
I Short. Ribs, per 10") lbs^ —
] September T'fRJ 7 72',^ 7 )J5 7 72W
' October 7 70 7 SO 7 70 7 80
January <! (K5 0 <>7'i 0 02'^ 0 0.'
Cash quotntions were «s follows: Flour,
steady; No. 2 «nrlne wheat. KiQSSc; No. :t,
i 7SJ?S2c: No. 2 red. 7'JylS0'/jc: No. 2 corn. 51»ic
j No. 2 yellow. 53% c; No. 2 oata. 35cj No 3
I white. 55H«?37c; No. 2 ryp, Bl"K<JB2ci fair t^
I choice malting barley, 4»;fl5:!r; No. 1 fiaxsred.
I 07c: No. 1 Northwestern, $1 01; prime timothy
I need, $3 15: mess pork, ner hbl. $12 N5@12 87'V
j lard, per 100 lbs. $8 C5@S 27^: short ribs sides
(loose*. $7 :\~V<ei~ <i2U.: dry salted shouiders
(boxff!). $7*i7 2."; nhort clear sides (boxod>,
i *7 75ff7 87 Vi: whisky, basis of., high wines,
1 f 1 "4; clover, contract grade. $11.
i "vTTlcies^ . Receipt*. Shipments.
I Flour, barrels 15.:ifK) 7 700
Wh*at. bushels 1I2.SP0 . 40.SOO*
Com, bushels 170,1.00 74,000
Oats, bushels 2C1.000 (551.20O
Rye. bushels <i.r>i» >
Barley, bushels 17,«5OO 000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the QutfeT
market was steady; creameries, 14SlPc; dairien,
1.'!<i5l7c: i-gfrs. steady at murk, ra.ies included,
14@16%c; cheese, steady, lOQll^c.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat-^- K»Pt. Oct. Dec.
Oppnlncr '.« «V4 I »! «V4 6 6ii
Closing "..". « 6% 6 6% Oil
PARIS.
Wheat— Aug. Nov.-Feb.
Opening 22 20 21 45
Closing 22 20 21 50
Flour —
Opening 30 70 28 50
Closing 30 75 28 70
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Aug. 21.— Spot tin was £1 2*
higher In London to-day at £128 7s 6d, and
futures were 17a (Sd higher nt £125 ids Local
ly tin v.as firm* at $28 37#@2S 42VS.'
Copper advanced 10s In London, with spot
closing at £50 15a and futures at £58 lfis. .
Locally copper was firm and higher said to
be 'the result of a better demand. Lake and
electrolytic are quoted at 513 C2i,4@13 75 ant j
casting at $13 37^^13 50.
Lead was unchanged In London at £11 3s' Od
and locally at $4 25. / ¦" v
Spelter advanced 2s 6d In London to £21, but
remained quirt here at $•'.
Iron cIos«k! at 51s »d in Glasgow and at 4(5s
44 In MIddlesboro. Locally iron was un
changed. No -1.. foundry* Northern. Ms quoted
at $17 WXjTlS; No. 2 foundry. $10 50^17; No. 1
foundry, Southern, and No, 1 fpundry. South
ern soft, at $16 B0(gl6 75.
J ,Ncw York Cotton Market.
¦ : NEW YORK. Aug.' 21:— The xsotton "market
•'closed firm. B to 16 points higher on the new
'erop ; months and- net 16 points lower on Au
gust. ¦ . • • ¦ •¦ --¦¦¦•"-••;-.¦
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. '¦¦'
.. CHICAGO, Aug. 21.— CATTLE— Receipts.
Xhv New York circular of Henry Ctews says.
Itpdcr date of August 15: "A decided change
tor tbe better has taken place In the stock
rr.arket. ar.d tiie eharp ri*e r/hich started on
Vinrrsday quickly- dlepeHed the wave cf , de
fpor.dcncy that threatened the whole buslr.ek*
rOTitnuntty only a few days ago. No one pre-
EPfljj tfcat there has been any change In ln
'rir.rie ccnfi!:>ons during the last six mooth*
:¦¦> ccrresjKjnd wjth a drop of SO to 00 points
D rco<l pecurltles. Granting that the top of
>!-e bocm was touched Ust year, that the tide
of mnttUj has begun to recede, that there
if st:n a larre araouct of unmarketable seeurl
':<=•«. and thtt we have been overdoing gener
«•• y. t.i^re was no warrant for a decline in
¦¦• rkf *o utierly cut of proportion to other
'.ar.^tts. A part cf the decline was certainly
::.ier.« i ;fied for speculative purj>O6*>s. and If it
! r -v*-* true t;*i th«»se have been attained, a
¦¦?• nr*t n.nd active tr.arket Is In prospect.
"VVa.!!- street ha» undergone a. pretty thor
ough ten. Many wtak erot« have tx-en ellm
•ra-.cT by forced liquidation; stocks have
l.<j^t<»d lroin weak tato Etrong bands, and thus
'!.!• whole speculative situation has b<?*n much
lariaed by aa unwelcome but necessary house
1 i'»:nr.g process. The market Is by no means
tvf-'- from uncertainties, for weak epots still
PSsnUa; but there is no reason now for the
deatructlvc dittrust which was undermining
.the whole financial fabric before the turn came.
"Outside of the etix-k market the outlook is
satisfactory. As previously etated. our farm
• r* are reasonably i»ure of another reason of
l'n«j-=«rity. Though large crops are not to b*
<xi»>jte.l. fair yU-lds are probable, and. what
u «-qual!y Important, good prices are assured
.r-r all agricultural crops. The Government
«-*-;>ort itiflirate* a corn crop of 2.245.Ot»>.uuO
l.usht-15, which has l*-en eiooeded only twice;
« winter wheat crop of 410.0n0.000, which has
¦ •n!y t«-fn oceccted twtc*. and a eprlcs wheat
»-rop wbirh has ttcea eurpass^d four times. Of
Kfttan a :air flzod crop se«n:s certain In epite
at backwardness, and good price* are assured
iknorhtr year. For all our agricultural prod
icU a fo.kI demand is practically certain, and
•-u* absence of heavy supplies, growers will
••¦-i»e proatablo prlo™. th i a being particularly
ie of FouthTn cotton planters. Seme reac
•'•r .* noticeable in the iron trade, which io
; ur basic Incuj-try. but lowc-r prices are likely
i«j . «nv:tc a rr<t=h run of orders which coulii
S I* profltji»>ly placed at the old l«*vel. Lab. r
¦cituu. n j» diminishing, and contraoiors know
,r r v -* hat e^>n^itioni> to Crure upon. Tfat
• I , ai ' in rtor k^ kwniF to hav» te-mpcrartly i
d new rnterpr:**-*, but thin will caupc ;
hanr.. us cor..«rrvat!sm now will prevent ,
pwole iater en. Th» tfxti!* Fituation 1? con- ',
sed (>> scarcity and s;>cct:lation In cotton— I
. that will b» changed by the arrival I
>'<> new. rr..;» in another racaith or six weeks, j
TU* hm i-.r-iary situation haa been much re- ;
:¦ \r«l by local liquidation and payment of !
Tf-ixn loans. More coacern at the high ie-vel '
li^»r? is Fhown than clrcunmtenceii rar- !
urt. connid«>rinff that the surplus reserve Is !
- .» < <;fO above tho 23 j*t cent requirement. !
I. ar.f ere but MgUQj above i?ppo»itj«, r/hilr :
14 t<c r< member^d that the banks could
•i iddition l«ian upon thfir capital and *ur
':•-*. ¦liioanllnc to considerably over $2i«».
<- .'»0i> and still be within the limits of pru
¦ • r,-- A« « matt«T r< fart the N>» York
t-ar.^s art- In Mrong: cor.<JItion and have their
Fends well In hp.nd. Liquidation may have
tacericd maajr woak loans, but the funds thus
:-''.<rT l.ave l^>en trsnfferred to those with
-> n;.«>r credit, th-ur imriroving the situation
K-ithottt R;ok;ng any appsrrnt change in the
un.*-;»>f lo»r..«. Very shortly croji demands
:\<r :u.t y«t In pro*pe..-t. Th«- chances -of Bert-
OS i-rriReer.cy, however. ar<> ri-mote. for con
.::ti:nT are crowing m«'-e favorable to gold
ImpBrta, l*?ui^i.- we have little difficulty
rrowtex abroad for Ifgitlmate require- j
rt«, A Cavorabla feature i« the larger pur- j
-.'. whr-at for «-rj>ojt ar.-l the declining
vdencr of /ure.'gn exchange. Some reaiizinjr
I ,. , x!-»ofu a't^r the- Iste sharp recov
l*;t in* eltuatloTi ha* t**rn greatly Im
y tn* diminution cf the supr>Iy of
d rtr»ck5. A bsttcr investment <!<»- |
iiarfl exirts t*ian for several months. Ti-hlrh 1
KtmOy raken a larjre papply of bonds
sr.j v*r . fc.- ,, ut of th» 'rtreet. 1 "
• On-gon Crop Bulletin.
The nr.crt cf Edward A. Fteals. Section Di
rector. J'r.ittd Stateji Weather Bureau, for the
Uretoa <"ros UulUtin lor the week ended Au
ru« in it ai to'.\o-xv:
A tern Kni»!l shower* ocrurrrd Sunday In the
HTiUainettc V«l!»-y. liut oih(»rwli<» the past week
. s tit^n ''ry, with t.'tnrTit'Jrts at-TP-ginj
abo^>; normal. T^e rains were inituf
flcfent to l-*» of much b»reflt to late crops
»-:i! tortures, which ar» n«»w beginning to
r.'-d rain <;ultp badly. Feed 1« getting short
«n tt:e rat.gf* a?il the fuppiy of njilk Is de
creasing in th«» dairy districts. Stock, how
rver, t.oijtJnur* dnli : g fairly MD, and r+'l\e.
m it rule, are !n good fle»-h. An averagt scc
or.rt *-rop of alfalfa ha* b»«?n h«r\ - «"«ted in
•auth»rrn •Poti-.-ns. Ther»? f* fidic hay yet
t>» be cut In the coast crnintl«>. but haying
la s-«-:vraI is nnw crjrnpl«'tp'l. with satlrfactory
>|p!1s in a!l i>an* cf the State.
Th'- crain harvest Is being pushed ever>
mbet* and in the Willamette Valley the yields
bi» frxi>eri&Uy g<>ot\. and tn Eastern Oregon
th«y are rr.urh better than »-st^ct»-d. although
not »vera*;!Rs «» h'-avy if lafct y«n»r. Siirinjf
Kr«iu ri:K-n»d utid'T favorable weather condi
tions en-1 the beadi< are w».-ll filltd with plump
!«fTri. s.
The week ha» bffn favorable for hr>o«. and
bltN>i'gh lir* are more numerous than u<uai.
«!.«- else* hav* not b--<»n injtire-d to any extent,
and the frnsr^cts arc good for >ields but
flightly below those obUIaed laK year. Corn
haa m*>\e good progress, and It is now tan
t-'ling and earing. Late potato*>s and gardens
ri'-*4 raJn. .'
i'runee are not dropping eo badly an th«-y did
during Ilw rrrcvltnje week, and this crop will
!•»• ; r. extra gojd one. Uartlett p*-ar* are alho
' tTf promising. Aor>l^s are quite uneven anti
i* expected the j-leld will be ler« than the
Weather Report.
«J2Cth Meridian — Pacific Time.)
KAN I'RANCISCO. Aug. 21. a p. m.
* -:S *ia «2 i» 5 '
STATfDNS. ~ ll\li% *7 «
•1 a - p c t S
¦ c c ' 3 '
: ? ? : : :
Baker 23. T8 78 .%0 NW Clear .00
1 firf -n T.t.74 80 CO W Clear .00
KuvUii 2».!»« C4 M KW I't.ady .00
KrfKnn T.4.7H J(» m SW Clear .00 .
r'apnaff 2a. 7g R4 SO NW Pt.Cldy .W .
:.-4<1«"j>*>nden'-e 79. CA 94 <«> fi dear .CO j
Lo« Anselo»..2a.7<; 00 «W W Clear .«O 1
-H Tamfilpaiu.SK.&ft cfl M V.' Clear .OO <
North Head... 29 .92 «4 IMJ SVF Cloudy -f<0 <
I'noetdK '£*. *io kh so \v Cloar .00 <
F'ucateilo, lda.23.W> M CS NT: IUIn .64 <
t ''3rtiand 29.81 74 28 NW Cloudy .01 <
:it Reyes. .29.90 fid .. NW Clear .<*) <
H'-i Bluff ™J.ko tot 6« fin Clca.r .00 <
' y'uiirK 28. M M0 54 NW Pt.Cldy .<»0 <
¦'ramoilo . .Vit.Kt «2 r.2 S Clear .30 <
»ll I>ck«- T.K*X »0 70 f Pt.Cldy .CH <
¦-¦¦!. F:ancI»oo.2«.P<? CA r.2 \T " Clear .<"> <
L. Obispo..2».KS 7fl C2 W Clear .00 «
F^n Diego ZA. 7C SO <;S N'W Clear Ml \
¦• -Mle 2Tt.*s 74 54 8 Pt.ddy .00 \
'S'kane 2T*.S2 7S 4S S Pt.Cldy -.00 •
: • <-«h 2:1. i»k «:2 r.* sw Pt.Cldy .00 ¦;
<>lla Walla.. 2». 70 M r.8 W Clear .00 J
• ir.nemucca .23. €8 M CC RW Clear .00 J
t?™ 23. Ou 110 80 feW Clear Tr. j
conditions and general I
FORECAST. 1
* *torra of some int^nFlty continues over the 1
'¦"v nT the Colorado and Northern Utah. I
'¦ ¦*': r.-in<3« are reported In N«*\-a<la, Utah and I
«--li-era iCui.o. Kor« than half an Inch of 1 1
Stocks and Business.
rain has fallen at Pocatello and thunderstorms
are reported at that point and at Salt Lake
City.
Throughout California the weather continues
pleasant. San Francisco and vicinity are th«
coolest sections w!th!n the limits of observa
tion. In th* great valley the weather is cool
fcr the season, afternoon temperatures ranging
from S2 to 94 degrees.
The following high winds are reported: Win-
Deniucca, 2t> southwest; Independence. 26 south,
fast: Modena, 32 southwest; Pocatello. 11%,
southeast.
Forecast made at Kan Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. August 22:
Northern California — Fair Saturday; fresh
southerly winds.
Southern California — Cloudy Saturday; show
ers In the mountains; fresh westerly wind.
Nevada — Cloudy Saturday, possibly showers;
cooler; fr«h southwest winds.
Ssn Frarn-i»co and vicinity — Fair Saturday;
brisk westerly winds. A. G. McADIE.
District Forecaster.
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin.
For the twenty-four hours ending 5 p. m.,
120th meridian time. San Francisco, Aug. 21:
2 S a i o ~<
§|§||| p j| ??
STATIONS. lip I! I? V. l Q
. S S II : ::': |.
L_LlL_L_l_L
Cloverdale SI 45 Clear
Cnlusa K'i 67 Clear
1 Eureka 64 54 Pt .Cldy SW 10
i Fresno 100 <V> Clear NW 10
I Hanford 94 5» Clear
j Hqlllster 84 46 Clear
Independence . 94 6'*. Clear S 10
King City K5 41» Clear
S IJvermore 77 49 Clear
t Los Angeles... JK> W> Clear W 10
¦ Napa so 46 Clrar SW
; Newman 95 .11 .... Clear
I Palermo 87 51 .... Clear
I PorterviHe 1W 04 .... Clear W
i Red Bluff SS AS .... Clear BE 0!
, Sacramento . . . S2 52 . Clear S • 14 •
San Dlrgo t«O «« " Oear NW <rt
'. Kan Francisco. 64 52 Clear W S>
¦ Kan Jo«f 75 4iS .... <~!<>ar
! 6. L; Obiapo... 76 ">2 Clrar W 08
• Panta Miria... 75 57 . Clrar i
Panta Ro?a *2 4O Clear
Stockton 8." fi» Clpa"
• Willows »4 Vi Clear 8
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Willow? — Crop conditions favorable.
Livrmore — \\ eather favorable for all crops.
Cloverdale — Olives falling fast; crop almost a !
complete failure.
Holllster — Orchardm* are busy drying
prur.fj:; crop above the estimate; excellent
quality.
Palermo — Sellers cJir.gs being picked and sent
to canneries.
Colu*a — Peaches very po-'r quality; plum
crop large: drying has commenced.
Sa:.!.* Maria — Foggy mornings; cooler weath
er much needed for unirrigated growing crop.
Hanford — Crops In first-class condition.
Santa Rosa — Crop conditions favorable.
Napa — Pears and plum? good crop.
Stockton — Dry yards and canneries running
full blast.
A. G. McADIE. Section Director.
The Fruit market was very dull yesterday,
the local demand being light and there being
very little inquiry for. shipping. There was
very little, business reported In bulk Fruit, as
the. canners were liberally supplied with con
tract goods and were purchasing Just enough
to meet Immediate requirements. Fancy Pears
«nd Peachea were steady, j but common and In
ferior offerings were abundant and weak. The
demand for Apples was confined chiefly to
fancy Gravenstelns In four-tier boxes and
there was practically no . Inquiry for lower
grade offerings Plums and Grapes were In
free supply and eaBy. the demand for shipping
being light. Figs arrived freely and sold at
Irregular prices as to variety and size of pack
age. Nectarines. were In fair request and as
receipts were light prices were steady. There
were additional receipts of Pomegranates, all
small and green and sales. were reported at 73
©83c per box. The market was overstocked
with Cantaloupes and Nutmeg Melons and
trade was quiet, owing to the cool, cloudy
weather. Watermelons were moderately active
at the previously quoted rates. The consign
ment of Wine Grapes that arrived on the pre
ceding day was sold at 526 per ton. Another
let of about 200 boxes came In yesterday, but
arrived too late to be sold. Choice Rerries met
with a good demand and prices of Raspberries
had a sharp advance. A large portion of the
receipts of Strawberries and Raspberries were
poor and soft, hence the wide range In prices.
There was a fair Inquiry for fancy Lemons
for shipment north and some well-known brands
of strictly fancy sold quickly at |3 80@4 per
box. Otherwise there was nothing new to re
port In Citrus or Tropical Fruits.
¦*>rKAWfcSfc:RlUh:s — lxmgworths. nominal:
other varieties $3 50@6 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $10^12 per chest.
RLACKBERRIES— $2 50®4. per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 6@7c perJb.
APPLES— S6cft| I 15 per box for fancy. 60@
75c for good to choice and 25^40c for common;
Crabapples, 25®40c for small boxes and 50^S5o
lo' Iar;e.
PEARS — Bartletts. S3c©$l 25 for fancy and
40@73c for No. 2; per ton. $20"335.
- FIGS— 50c(?$l per box.
PLUMS— 50@65c per crate and 30@40c pet
box; large open boxes, 40@75c; per ton $20
@25.
NECTARINES^ — 75@83c per crate and ROo
per box.
PEACHES— 40<g60c for small boxe» and 63^
75y for carriers; large open boxes. 30c@$l; per
ton. $lC<ff20.
GRAPES — Small boxes. 40<3C0c; .crates, 60®
75c; large open boxes. 75c@$l.
MELONS — Cantaloupes. &»tca$l 23 per crate;
Nutmeg Melons. 25^ 50c per box; Watermelons,
$5@20 per hundred.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Orange, $1 50©
2 50 per box; Seedlings. $131 23: Valencia*.
?2@3; St. Michael, $2@3; Mediterranean
Sweets $1 2."<rtl 50; Lemons. ?5ci@$3; Grape
Fruit "?1@1 30; Mexican Limes. $4@4 30; Ba
nanas, $1#2 50 per bunch; Pineapples. |2?fU
per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Local Securities still inactive and featureless.
A cw York Stocks lower, zcith a narrow market.
Silver and Exchange as previously quoted.
Wheat buyers and sellers apart, with a quiet market.
Parley steady and not materially changed.
Government receives bids for Oats.
Corn in slender supply and firmly held. Rye steady. '
Hay, Bran-and Middlings as before. Rolled Barley firmer.
Beans quiet and easy, with the new crop not far off.
Butter quoted at a wide range? Eggs and Cheese steady.
Some little business going on in nnu Dried Fruits.
Chicago reports a firmer Proi'isioii market.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs as before.
Quicksilver lower, with more business at the decline.
Potatoes steady, Onions weak and Vegetables in excessive supply.
Poultry arriving heavily and Game coming in tainted.
fresh Fruit quiet, both for local end shipping account.
SUMMARY. OF THE MARKETS.
NEW YORK, Aug. 21.— The following
table, compiled by Bradetreet, shows the,
bank clearings at the principal cities lor tho
week ended August 20, with the percentage of
increase and decrease as comjjared with the
corresponding week 'last year.
Per Ct.
Inc. D<»c.
•New York $l,149.8in.23T» 10. 5
•Chicago 15S.S40.74O 8.3
•BoBton -12U, 120,033 4.7 ..
•Philadelphia 101,814,027 3.7
•St. LouiB 4tt,O14,OJI> 12.9 .. .
Pittsburg 40.450.835 8.9
•San Francisco SO.tjffit.044 23.0
•Baltimore 20,545,431 2y.o
Cincinnati Zl, 309,650 . O.tt ....
•Kansas City 22, 6ft 1,700 9.3 ...
Cleveland '. 14.223,4*1 .... 13.1
•Minneapolis 11, (3.13,200 7.4
•New Orleat:s 12,1M,OO4 18. « ....
Detroit 9,841,1 13 9.5 ....
•Louisville 8.719.914
Oireha 7.210,192 13.2 ....
•Milwaukee 7,fi»17,023 16.3 ....
•Providence 0,293,700-11.4 ....
•Buffalo H.tt.Jfl.673 1K.4 ....
•St. Paul B,79t5.188 11.0 ....
Indianapolis 5.929,608 23.3 .....
Los Anjreles B,773,2fi« 39.5
•St. Joseph , 4,584,582 7.1
Denver 4.212,747 0.4
Richmond " 3,445,883 14.5
Columbus 3.405,600 3.4
Seattle 3,fc65.133 3.4
Washington .' 8.552.832 24.0
•Savannah 2.IS21.781 22.7
Memphis " 2.2»H,444 37.0
Albany-.. 3.2i)7,103 24.9
Bait Lake City 2,042.017 ....' 13.1
•Portland, Or 2,010,979 10.6" -. ; .;".'
•Toledo •• . 3.330.379 '8.1 •.;..-
Fort Worth...". i :2,S19,Wl.i ..-'J.; : . .1
Peorla ". / .2,327.041 .; ....' S.rt
Hartford'...... .3.028,090 .. ...f'8i2'
Rochester-. 1. 073,481) 1.2 : .. . .
Atlanta J.WJO.008 1.0 ....
Des Molnes 1,803. <02 2.4
New Haven 1.730.279 14.1
Nashville 2,000.082 36.0 ....
Six>kane. Wash 1.933.638.31.3 .;..
Grand Rapids 1,921.025 28.5 ....
Bloux City 01)4.620 37.7
Kans City So 20T4
Kans city So pfd. 200 39% 30% 39
Louisville & Nash. 1,800 103% 104 104U
Manhattan L 1,400 134H 133% 133%
Metropolitan St Ry 900 114 113 113
Mincap & St Louis. 200 61% 61% 59
JJ°. K & Tex 1,500 19% 19vJ 19Vi
So^'Tlvi,;::: IS l W<> 'i .'g*
Norfolk & W pfd. .. ..... 86
Ontario & Western. 2.400 23% 22»i 22*i
roSKo* £Vat"i "•° <K> ms "** '$%
W&mSi i ii I
Rock Island Co 47.000 2>jii . 26% 27>2
Rock Island Co pfd. 1,000 «Ry W£ 8**!
it p^i pVd •::••• 3fl -«°° im ™3 j«g
Southern Paclflc .. 13,600 45^i iiU 4414
Southern Railway .. 5 100 22T4 21 T4 22
s^nrast:: iz il I! h
® aa M
V Isconoin Central.. 100 19V4 »H 18
Wisconsin Cent pfd 39
Express Companies— "
Adams «22
American """ """ f Rft
United States Jos
Wells Fargo ...... ..,'. I™
Miscellaneous—
Amal Copper 69.P0O 49^ 46»4 47%
Am Car & Foundry 1.C00 3J% 32 Vi S2%
Am Car & F pfd g.^
Am Linseed Oil '/.[[ "" j»ii
Am Linseed Oil pfd ** 32
Am Smelt & Ref . . 1.D00 45VJ 44% 44%
Am Smelt & R pfd. 2OO 80% OOU 00
- Am Sugar Ref.... 2.40O llfi% 115 115
Anaconda Min Co.. 200 70 7fi 7414
Brooklyn Rap Trn. 5.200 4C>% 4t 45
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 1.500 33U 48 45
Col * Hock Coal 14%
, Con Gas 1.100 170 ! 17S* 177%
Gen Electric 700 1C3 162 1C2
Int Paper 700 13 12»4 12
Int Paper pfd * 68
Int Pump 100 34% s 34% 35
Int Pump pfd ;P 72%
National Biscuit .. 400 87 T i 37% 37
National Lead js
North American .. Mk) 78 75% 75M
Pacific Mail .• 2f« i'2\ 21 20
People's Gas K00 94% nt% fl.i
Preesed Steel Car. . 2<>0 43 42% 42
Pressed St Car pfd so
Pullman Palace Car loo 21S 218 218
Republic Steel .... COO 11*4 11% lHi
Republic Steel pfd. 500 C&\ 60 V4 flo
Rubber Goods ..... 300 11% 14% 14U
Rubber Goods pfd CSV.
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 2.C*) 44H 41% 4i&f
\' S Leather 1,600 "8% 8 774
U S Leather pfd... 300 £1% 80% SO
XT S Rubber 12 -
II S Rubber pfd 40
U S Steel 37.600 23% 21% 21T4
XT S Steel pfd 17,400 71*4 C0% 70
Western Union 8-3 %
Total rales 506,000
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW "YORK, Aug. 21.— United Railroads of
Pan Francisco bond transactions: 13,000 at
77*i, 37,000 at 77',{.. 14,000 at 77>4.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s. reg. ..10(5% Hock Val 4%s . 1O4
Do ref 2s. coup.lW.Vi L & X unified 4s. 1)8%
! EK> 3s ree Hh3% Manhattan 1014;
Do 3s, coup 10«% Mexican. Cent 4s. 73
Do new 4s. rtg.134 I Do 1st inc 1«%
Do new 4s, coupl34 Minn & St L 4s. 87V
Do old 4g, rejr.loa M, K & T 4s Jt«W
Do old 4s, coup. 10*.» Do 2ds 76%
f Do 5s. reg 101% N Y Cent k 3%s. »3U
j Do So. coup.... ltd % N J Cent gen 5s.. 127
1 Ateh. pen 4s V0% North Paclflc 4s. 100*;
Do adjust 4s... K>i Do Xb 70'4
' B & O 4s mx Nor & W con 4s. »•!%
I*> 34s 01% Pennsylvania .... its'
Do conv 4s 1»7 Hf.-idirr- gen 4s.. 05
I Can South 2nda..liH)% Rock Island . 74
I Cent of Ga 5s...KM% St L&I M con Ss.lll
I>o 1st Inc 75% St L & S F 4s... D2
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lir2% St L S W lsts... »4
Chic & Alton ::%s 72%l Do 2d3 72
C F & I con 5s.. SI S A & A P 4s... 75
C. B & Q new 4s. M^. South Pacific 4s.. t>5%
C. M & St P k 49.102 South Railway 3s.ll:J
C & NW con 7s. 12!) Tex & Pac Lsts.. 114% I
, C. R I ft Pac 4s. 9»% T. St L & W 4s 71 «i
C. C, C&StL g 4x. »6 Union Paclflc 4s. fi»-i I
Chic Term 4s V 74 Do conv 4s 04U
Colo & South 4s. 83% Waba.«h lsts 114 !
Con Tob 4s 57% Do 2Us 104
D & R O 4s f»0 Do deb B 5ft ,
Krie prior lien 4s. C«;T» West Shore 4s 10t>% !
Do gen 4s 82% Wheel & L E 4s; 90
F W & D C lsts. 103 !Wis Cxnt 4s 90
NEW YORK MINING. STOCKS.
Adams Con 10 (Little Chief ...," 06
Alice 17 'Ontario ....60i> \
Breece 13 Ophir .....l«t>
Brunswick Con.. 05 'Phoenis 08
Comstock Tunnel 0<>%!potosi Id
Con Cal & Va...l 40 ISavage 'S2
Horn Silver 1 00 i Sierra Nevada. .. 00
Iron Silver 1 03 [Small Hopes ... 20
Leadviile Con... 02 (Standard 1 75
. 1IOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Westlnghse com.. S3
Call loans 431% Mining—
Time Loans 500 Adventure rt I
¦ Bond* — Allouez 5% j
Atchison 98 Amalgamated ... 47'/* '
Mexican Cen 4s.. 70 Daly West 40 ',
Railroads — Btngham 225% I
Atchiwon CI Calumet & Hecla.44j •
Do pfd J«t>% Centennial l!l'/,
Boston & Albany. 219 Copper Rantjc ... tia^ ¦
Boston Elevated .'.130 Dominion Coal... 80% !
N Y N H & H..19U Franklin j> ' j
j Fitchburg pfd 134 Isle Royale 7U j
j Union Pacific... 73 Mohawk 40%
Mexican Oential.. 14% Old Dominion .. '.)% '•
Miscellaneous — Osceola 57 t
American Sugar.. 115 Parrot 19% ;
Do pfd 118 Quincy 92 '
: Amer Tel & Tel..l34Vi Santa Fe Copper, l'i |
i Dom I & Steel... it Tamarack 03 I
General Electric. .K.I Trlmountain .... .SO j
Mass Electric: 22Vi Trinity 8
Do pfd 70 United States 1!1% i
United Fruit ... Sir. I'tah 27Vi i
V S Steel 21% Victoria iS% ?
Do pfd 70V« Wlnona 6% j
IXJNDON CLOSING STOCKS. \
Con for money.90% N Y Central ...127 !
Con for acc». .90 l.'Mii Norfolk & Wept.. «55 !
Anaconda .'!% Do pfd N.S14 I
Atchison m% Ontario & West. 21%
Do pfd »2% Pennsylvania .... W.
Bait & Ohio 83<i Rand Mines 10
i.'anadlan I'acinc.128% Reading 2N% !
Chesap & Ol:io... 34% Do 1st pfd 41 V. i
Chicago G W 17% Do 2d pM 55 I
Chi Mil & St P.. 117 Houthern Ry 2:iVi •
DeBeerg 1«% Do pfd 87 I
Denver & It G... 2314 fiouthern Paclflc. 4H% \
Do pfd 7!)% Union Paclric ... 77%
Erie 30% Do pfd 83
Do 1st pfd .... «8ti U H Steel 2.'t%
Do 2d pfd 53% Do pfd 73V4 ¦
Illinois Central*,. 137% Wabaeh 23%)
LouiK &. Na6h...lO8 Do pfd 30%
Mo Kan & Tex.. 20 V4 "
Bar silver, firm, 23%d per ounce. Money.
14£1% i«ir cent. The rate of discount in the
open market for Bhort bills is 2%<ij2 13-1 fl per
cent and for three months' bills Is 2-}{®2%
per cent.
Bank Clearings.
Flour, qr sks... 13,311 Hops, bales .... 5J
Wheat, ctls .... 21.6C0 Wool, bales .... 07
Parley, ctls 121,067 Pelts. No 4.TS
Oats, ctls 1.120 Hides. No 1.211
li(eans. sks 372 Sugar, ctls 5flo
Rye. ctls . .... 7151 Raisins, cs 50O
Potatoes, sks... 5.«>::jLeather. rolls .. 15S
Onions, sks .... 83ft, Wine, gals .... 4O.-57i
Bran, Bks 1. 12Oj Brandy, gals ... 5'-rt
Middlings, sks... f.TC Chicory, kegs .. r»0
Feed, sks 1.04." Tallow, ctls .... Irt
Hay. tons Ut}T> Lime, bbls «80
Straw, tons ... 5 1
FOR WEDNESDAY. AUGUST 21.
Receipts of Produce.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100- lb batrs:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.73c;
Powdered. 6.60c; Candy Cranulated. 5.60c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 3.50c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.50c: Fruit Granulated. 5.50c: Beet Granulat
ed (100-lb bags only). 5.40r; Confectioners' A.
5.50c; Magnolia A. 5.10c; Extra C 5c: Golden
C. 4!)Cc: ''D." 4.80c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels. 20o more: boxes. 5Oc more: SO-lb bagn.
10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half-barrels.
6c: boxes. B.23c per lb. No ordem taken for
lees than "."• Tw>Tel» or Its equivalent
QUICKSILVER— Ts lower at *Hf?tr. for local
use and $42 3OQ43 50 per fiask for export, wlfti
more activity at the decline.
C».ic p«r lb; White Lead. C86^c. according to
quantity.
Butter, Eggs and Cheese remain about ai
quoted last week. ," " T
Meats. Poultry and Fish show no variation*
worthy of note.
Several, of the early summer traits havs
disappeared and are dropped from the list. Th»
seasonal varieties are In good supply at nor
mal prices. Vegetables are plentiful, a* usual
at thi3 time of the year.
COAL.' PER TON—
Wellington ..$ — ©10 001 New'
Feattle S— <ff 8 50 Wellington S — O10 00
Roslyn $— & 0 00 Coos Bay ...1— © 7 BO
Richmond ...?— ® » 50iGreta *— @ 0 00
DAIRY PRODUCE. ETC.—
Butter, choice, sq55®C5 Common Eg?3 . .—^23
Do good 43a 50 Ranch Eggs ...30033
Do packed lb27i4@30; Eastern Eggs ...— ©23
Cheese, Cal . 13@20! Honey, comb, per
Cheese. Eastern.. 20©23 pound lSfFM
Cheese. Swiss . .25-"tt35i Do extracted .. 8910
MEATS. PER POUND —
Bacon 15©22|Pork Sausage..l2%913
Hams 1«@19 Smoked Beef ...— @20
Lard 15^— |
The San Francisco Butchers/ Protective As
sociation gives the following retail prices for
meats:
rtoast Beef loeisiHindqrtr Larob..l9«2»
Tenderloin Steak. IIVBIS Foreqrtr Mutton. 8<&10
I'orterhse. do.l7%<822'> Leg Mutton ...12H©15
Sirloin Steak.. 12Vj®15 Hutton Chops. .12^ I*
Round Steak .-.lO@l2HiMutton Stew 8®10
Beef Stew — ©10 Roast Veal 12@20
Corned Beef *® 10 Veal Cutlets 13<320
Soup Bones .... 4#— Veal Stew 12^:7*15
Soup Meat 6#10lRoast Pork ...12*i<2JS
Lamb Chops ...— <g20 Pork Chops 15&13
ForeqrtrLamb . 12UQ 1.".,
POULTRY AND GAME—
Hens, each 50<230|Gee?»> each $123
Young Roosters. Goslings $1 50
eac "h 40@73 Pigeons pair ... 40030
Old Roosters. ea.50©33, Squabs per pair.— #30
Fryers, each 40-330 Rabblta each .. — ©2rt
Broilers, each 254240 Har» each — Q2O
Turkeys, per lb..23«24 Wild Doves. ds..$l 23
Ducks, each 50i@75,
FRUITS AND NUTS—
Alllgtr Pears. ea.20«25lHuckleb'rles lb— <B12i4
Almonds 15020 Urnes dos ' — «15
Apples ?.Q 5 lemons doa 13325
Blackberries. dr..25®30 Nectarines lb ... — 0 1
Cantaloupes 10@20JNutmeg Mel ea. B«* «
Cranberries, qt...— h823 Oranges. do» 20^3<i
Crabapples. Ib .. 30 4] Plums, lb 44* 6
£ ec ? ns _ ©2 o Peaches per lb. . 3® 6
Braill Nuts 209— |P*-ars. per lb .. .1® 3
Bananas, doz . .30<2?50l Pineapples. ea...25@W
Chestnuts — @12M, Raisins, per lb.. &ai.i
Cocoanuts. each. — ©10 Raspberries, drw30@i{0
Dried Figs, pr lb — ©10! Strawberries p«r
Fresh Figs, pr lb.lOSlS drawer 35050
Grapes, pr lb ... 5f? e, Walnuts, per Ib..l5'82o
Grape Fruit. dz.50#$l| Watermelons ea.lO@25
VEGETABLES
Artichokes. doz...4O03O|Onions. per lb... 1© 3
Asparagus. lb....KVgl3,Okra» green, lb. 8@10
Beets, dozen 10*»— |Okra dried lb..— ©23
Beans, white, lb. && — Potatoes lb'... 20 24 •
Colored, per lb 5@— Parsnips, per da.l3t82n
Dried Lima. lb... 6.^ 8 Rhubarb lb ... © 5
Cabbage, each .. 3*610 Radishes'. da bchsl.1<S2t)
Celery, head 5«10 Sage, da bunches2."W»—
Cress, dz bunch. 15@— String Bean*, lb. 3O 6
Cucumbers. dz....lO®15 Summer Squash
£» r l»c — » «. per lb :. a® 3
Oreen Corn, doa.25^40 Sprouts, per lb O H
Oreen Peppers. lb 4® C: Spinach, per lb..'— © 3
Dried Peppers ..10«23:Bweet Potatoes,
Egg Plant — o 5 per lb ..— a «
Green Peas, lb .. 6@ 8'Thyme.da bnchs. 254230
Lettuce per doa.l3<820 Turnips, per da. — *»15
Leeks.dz bunchs.liSSO Tomatoes, lb ...— h 3
Lima Beans, lb..— <Q) ti -
FISH—
rjarracouta —©15 Sea Bass —©13
tarp 10(31214 Smelts — «15 •
• atflsh — @12H8oIes 12H®I3
•'odflsh — 612V>i£kates eaca ...10013
Flounders lOifj — Squid '. —010
Halibut I5<g — ITomcod 12H&—
Herring r. — Q— Turbot 20C—
Mackerel — ®15'Trout. Salmon . .— tJ:»
Do horse 15® — iTrout ¦q 10
Rocltflsh — -©lSlBrook Trout ... — 075
palmon. fresh — ©l.-i|Whitefish 10Q —
Do smoked . . . — ©25 Clams. gaJlon . .Bop —
Sardines 10® — Do hardshell, lb 84)10
Shrimps — @ — CrawQsh —&—
Shad 10© — Crabs, each ..12H*MS
Striped Bass ... — Wl.*> Mussels quart.— (312^i
Perch 1CS5 — Oysters." Cal. 100.40050
Pomplno COSfig Do Eastern.ds.30O 40
Rockcod 50S6O1
There Is some change in the quotations for
outside ' Cheese, but the California' product
shows no change. The market continues well
supplied and steady.
i Eggs show no further change, beyond a
slight decl!n« in Eastern. Stocks are not
large, but sufficient for the demand.
Receipts were 22.400 lbs Butter. 669 cases
Kggs and 60,000 lbs Che?fN> •*
BUTTER— Creamery. 27<328e; dairy. 22%@
Zbc; store Butter 17®20c; Eastern, 22@24c
CHEESE— New, IS013C; Young America. It
@15c: Eastern. 15@16c; Western. 14©l5c
rer lb.
EGGS— Ranch. 28©29c for large white selwt
?° and 26©27%c for good to choice; store
22^626c; cold storage. 25c; Eastern 18Q23c
per dozen.
quotations below are conservative and as near
the general market as can be given at the mo
ment
3000. Western, steady; good to prime steers,
$5 1Q<@5 65; poor to medium $3 75@5; stockers
and feeders, $2 50@4 25; cows. $1 50@4 50;
heifers, $2^4 75; canners, $1 50@2 70; bulls,
$2 25®4 25; calves, $2 B0® 6 75: Texas fed
steers. $3@4 40; •Western steers $3 25® #45.
HOGS— Receipts: To-day 11,000; to-morrow,
10,000. Steady to 10c higher. Mixed and
butchers. $5® 5 75; good t0 choice heavy. $3 20®
5 60; rough heavy $4 75@5 75; light. $5 30@«;
bulk of sales, $5 16@5 55.
SHEEP — Receipts. 9000. Sheep and lambs,
steady. Good to choice wethers. $3@3 CO; fair
to choice mixed $2 25113; Western sheep. (2 85
@3 60; native "lambs, $3 25@5 60; Western
lambs, $4£i5 40.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, Aug. 21. — Clearings, $633,211;
balances, $147,553.
TACOMA, Aug. 21.— Clearings, $327,101;
balances. $70,87!).
PORTLAND, Aug. 21.— Clearings, $395,684;
balance?, $69,480.
SPOKANE, Aug. 21.— Clearings, $315,408;
balances, $58,1)36.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREQON. s
PORTLAND, Aug. • 21.— Wheat— Walla
Walla, 77@7l>c; bluestem, 80@82c; valley, 80c.
THE SA> TBANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 22, liJUS.
\FAMILY RETAIL MARKEi\
LOCAL MARKETS.
Continued on Page Fifteen.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
13THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 22, 1903.
14
HELP WANTED — MALE-»Con.
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
59 Third st., nr. Call bid?.; phone Bush 405.
S. P.'S OWN WORK. • .
FREE) FARE — FREE FARE.
50 section hands, $1 60 and $1 To a day.
¦ • COAL MINERS.
FREE FARE — OREGON.
25 miners, $1 a ton.
5 miners, slnglehand. $3 a day.
5 muckers, $2 60 a day.
FREE FARE— CASPAR.
10 tunnelmen, (2 75 a day.
10 teamsters and muckers. $2 25 a day.
10 laborers and teamsters. $2 a day.
8 men for the sawmills, $3u to $6O a month
and board.
86 families, boys and men, to pick prunes,
hops and grapes.
Blacksmith, country, $3 a day.
FREE FARE— NEAR CITY.
15 laborers, $2 25 a day.
Man to drive milk wagon, country.
2 first-class house carpenters, country, $4 a
day, 8 hours.
10 rough carpenters, flume work. $2 50 a
day.
5 men to drive nails, country. $2 30 a day.
Camp waiter, near city, $25 and found.
15 laborers for lumber company; you will
suit.
iCAU EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. 50 3d st.
•WANTED — For the U. S. Marine -Corps, able-
bodied, unmarried men. between 21 and 33:
good character; must speak, read and write
English: marines serve at sea on men-of-war
In all parts of the world, on land In our Isl-
and possessions, and at naval stations In the
United States. Apply at recruiting office. 40
Ellis St., San Francisco. Cal.: 222*4 N. Main
St.. Los Angeles, Cal., and 401 K st.. Sacra-
mento, Cal.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Kolkln. Reno House proprietor, has
add-?d 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third st. ; 230 rooms: 25c per night.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms, 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st nnd 2d sts.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES AXD WACOXS.
ON account of going to build, entire stock of
wagons, buggies and harness must be rold at
sacrifice. Corner 15th and Valencia sts.
FOR sale — Handsome trap; cheap. Box 1050.
Call office.
GENTLE horse; will follow you; good home
more than orlce. 473 Valencia St.
¦ ¦ —
8 GOOD horses for sale cheap. 327 Sixth st.
GOOD horse for sale. $15. 2091 San. Bruno
ave.
3 . SHETLAND ponies, harness and carts In-
cluded. fcr $125 each. 1504 Folsom st.
ONE fine buggy, fruit wagon, cart. 2d-hand:
new laundry wagon, cheap. 828 Harrison st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and gocart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
2£, HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN _ CO.. 11 Montgomery.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN _ HOWELL. 25 Post St.
HOUSES TO LET — FUR.MSHED.
A WELL furnished house, piano, 8 rooms; very
sunny; fine location; 1375 Masonic ave. Apply
MADISON _ BURKE. 30 Montgomery st.
A COMPLETELY furnished 2-story house: gar-
den; back and front rooms all sunny; reason -
able. Apply HOOKER _ LENT.. 19 Post st.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED — To lease fashionable residence of
moderate size. Box 1065. Call. *
LOST AXD FOUND.
LOST— Alligator pocketbook containing checks
and receipts: payment stopped on checks: re-
turn to owner, 610 Commercial St., 3d floor,
reward.
LOST — Ladles' gold watch, with S. S. on
outside; finder liberally rewarded on return-
ing same to 1100 Sacramento st.
LOST — Thursday evening, small gold heart
containing diamond Initials R. L. S. Return
to 126 Eleventh St.; a liberal reward.
LOST — Insurance papeis. also money order
payable to Mrs. Lizzie Gollnik; payment
stopped. Return to THOS. MASON. South
S. F., San Mateo Co.. # Cal.; receive reward.
LOST — A pass book, with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
name of THOMAS H. FITZGERALD. No.
116-430: the finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Tuesday evening on Market St., be-
tween loth and 3d sts., a ladies' gold watch
and rope chain, with two monograms; liberal
reward at 1724 Market st.
REWARD for return of dress suit case marked
J. A. K.. left at corner Pare and Buchanan
sta. Return to Dramatic Review office. 28
Geary st.
LOST — Young white bull terrier bitch. answer-
Ing • to name of Muggins; liberal reward.
418 Leavenworth st.
LOST — Ked collection book; value only to
owner: very liberal reward. 7.19 Market st.
FOUND — Return ticket East: name Edward D.
Case. Apply 316 Sanchez st.
FOUND — Return trip ticket East; name A.
Cogswell. Call 300 Hayes st.
FOUND — ?10O check on Bank of Wauseon.
Apply 30O Hayes st.
FOUND — Money order V 13.-68. Call at S9Vi
Perry St.. 4 to 5 p. m.
IT will pay to •Remember" that the Californ'a
Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter st., needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
Z.OFT3 TO IET.
LOFT to lease — 656 Mission St.. NW. corner
of Annie; light loft of 4000 square feet; pas-
senger and freight elevator service: will lease
for a term; rent reasonable. SHAINWALD,
BUCKBEE & CO.. 218-220 Montgomery st..
Mills building.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
comptaints; instant relief guaranteed; CO
years' experience, 728 Post St.. near Jones.
MR8 DR. KOHL, reliable- specialist for all fs-
male troubles and irregularities: instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008S4 Market St.. opp. Sta.
DR. G. W cFdONNELL — All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped; the most difficult cases treat-
ed : advlc? free. Office. 101S Market st.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market — Reliable ladies'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care: low fees.
A maternity villa; private: secluded; conflden-
tial. Dr. E. Funke. 1416 Eighth St., Alameda.
DR. ROSEN moved to 2005 Folsom St.. cor.
26th; relief $10: ladles' /exclusive office.
Drs Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
In obstetrics, female comp. ;25 yrs. experience.
DR and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market st.
DR NG TOY KEE. 319 Powell st.. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MILLINERY.
Ladies' imported & tailored hats Just In; call:
prices low to start them going; frames made
to nt the face. MME. DOSCH. 207 Po3t st.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH tc WOLPMAN. 135-197 Fremont St.
A GOOD reason to buy diamonds, watches and
jewelry from us is that you need enly pay a
small weekly payment on all purchases; all
. roods delivered on first payment. Call and
examine our goods, even If you don't car* to
buy. I-ICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25 Stockton.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterlte; In rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coasting; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATER1TE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
A— Fine suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 60. Origl-
' nal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 238 Kearny St.,
near Bush; open to 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A.— $3 60 DERBY and fedora hats. $1 75. Pop
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st., near Pine
open till 0 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A— BUYS. sell*, or rents gear machinery, en
rlnes, boiler*, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
A— Al ENGINE, 16x36-lnch sliding valve
In first-class condition, as good as ' new
P. O. box 2066. San Francisco.
8ECOXD machinery, boilers, engines pumps
wood and iron working machinery.' bought
sold and rented. H.3.WHITE.130-1S2 Beale
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay expres.
charges 11 3d St.. Exam, bld'g.; catalog free
GAS and gasoline engines, new and second
hand: all sizes. E. B. BECK _ CO. 12:
Market st.
FOR sale — Ticket to Denver; $20. Box 10W
Call office.
FOR sale — Soldiers' blue overcoats. $2 50
Coleman's Loan Office. 500 Kearny st.
SEALSKIN. $225 quality, same as new, bus
34 to 36, $30. 10 Sixth Et.
TWO ft)-gallon copper caldrons. 1760 Unloi
street. - . .
MISCELLA.\EOt'S_ FOR_ S i\^Z^?It:
*1^?h%& S^iof LaS '
Vailed £U -
MOVING picture film and sons slides. 103
Montgomery st. ,
SAFES— »w and second-hand. E. B. BECK
6 CO.. 122 Market st.
A me^^dt :^?r,^^^^^Tr7sa
Edison phonographs, records. *Vg*&_£fi2__\
picture machines, films. Baclgalup!. 03o M*t.
(Tv^OLINE engines automobiles and launches.
eM sizes. J. E. DOAK. 4fi Fremont st.
"AFKS— rNew an i second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
A ff,,£ > A^S^^
J1O>EY TO AX r
AAA— HERMAN^ go2w)3 DUlW!n *. ¦
Quick settlements: no disappointment.
- Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided lnter-
*«ta Asalcnxnents of rents, property in trust.
I'll Tegacles Ufa estates and undivided In-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When Tou Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
HIGHLY respectable private place- to obtala
liberal advances on diamonds. J«Tf^T. •«
lowest rates. Faldwin J e ™* ir * B* 0 !* ** 9
Market st. ; tel. Main 1644 Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; largest business la
46 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
A— 1 per cent on furniture or plano:no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 uv: qulcit.
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery St.. r. ».
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant art,,
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000. ;
AT cut rates on real eata'e. furniturei pr Plan°3
no commission. E. W. LICK. 1003 Mutual
Eav. Bk. bid.. 708 Market; phono Main al*.
S. F DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to f* 1 *^*
people on their not*.
The- TOUSLET CO 143 Pfcelan bldg. *
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold. » llve T;
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bousn*
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
MONEY loaned to salaried employes. O W-
MILLER. room 74. fifth floor. Chronicle blag.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on esxst*
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery, room IB.
i% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up: no removal;
V. TREMAUV. room 81. 6 Eddy St.. floor *.
ALL loans en diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cene
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 833 Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money ta
salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav.Blc.bld.
CASH leaned salaried people on notes without
lndor»er. MORRELL. COt> ExamlnT bid.
MUSICAL 1XSTRUMEATS.
AMONG OUR BAKGAINd ARE:
3 Cblckerings $150. |iS3. $~~»
1 Filsher; upright t»«J
1 Jewett: mahogany, new i; 2
1 Schaffer; roahegany: new ir_;**i£?2
2 Emer«on « »• *r.}?
2 Ste.nway vAV • I'kk
3 Heine 17?*°.!^,
25 squares $15 toMJTO
7 organs $10 to $75
Eent3 $2 up allowed on purchase; Install-
ments $* up: piano players frcm $9O up;
new pianos from J117 up. HEINE PIANO
CO , 235-237 Geary St.. agents lor las <i<«t»-
ler. Krell. gteger. etc.
A SMALL walnut Emerson upright, absolutely
like new. $135. 2::7 Oeary st. _
BTKINWAT upright. left by prlvata party.
$l«l; a great bargain. 237 Geary it.
A FEW upright barc3lns from $70 up. compris-
ing such makes aa Chickerir.^. Jacub*on.
Vose. Sterling. Knan?. Fischer. Sehwechten.
Weser. Schuman ar.d others; easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON'. 16 O'Farrell St.: no
branches In San Francisco.
BAUM_l5>TEH ttancls fcr a.'l that :a good in
piano manufacture; al.«o you can buy it for
a reasonable amount cf money. THE ZENO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st. All
pianos on easy payments^
G. A. r! VISITORS— Free Cecllian Plan*
Player concerts daily at B1RON MAUZY'3.
All are welcome. 3CS Pest st.
BAND Instruments; F. Season. Par!». makw.
Gui Malwald. Agt. Pac. Coast. 27S O'Farre!!:
ikllltul repair!^; 2d-hand Instruments soU.
THE big piano sale at BYRON MAUZY'S is a
grand tha.ic9 to purchase a piano cheap.
•'JOS Post st.
UNFORSEEN circumstances cause sacrifice of
first-class 3-pedal upright piano. S58 Golden
Gate ave. Z
BARGAIN — Standard 1 make upright: good con-
dltlon. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister «it.
Unredeemed storage pianos and lurnitura -1!rt
cheap. Wbitehead's Storage. 1636 MarV*t.
A GRAND rush at BYRON MAUZY'S sale of
pianos: uprights $50 up; squares. $20 ua.
308 Post st.
CALL at BYKON MAUZY'S Piano House ar.i
get rrices on pianos which will please you.
308 Post st.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Stelnway uprtght pianos
perfect crder: sacrifice. KeeSe's,2S3 O'Farrell.
BUY direct from the factory and save 50 per
cent. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister st.
KOIILLR & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell St.; lars«st
and oldest piano house. I
KEST renting piano in city for $3 per montn.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO., 660 Hayr* ¦_
SOHMEK. Byron Mauzy pianos, Cecillaa piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 3C8-S12 Post st.
SUPERIOR violin?. zUhers. old and new. H-
MTJLLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
EMMA f-Pr.ECKELS building. 927 Market St.—
Office to let; rent $15; light, heat, janitor and.
telephone. ASHTON & GARDINER. /
For rent, half of store. 2Sx9S ft.; all the base-
ment;115 Davis. Los Ang. Soap Co.. 124 MVct.
SANSOME. 712. near Jackson — Handsome larga
PEItSOSALS.
A— FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED.
Wrinkles, yellow and flabby skin, birthmarks,
¦mailpcx pitting., and scars scientifically re-
moved without cutting, m&ssags, electricity or
medicines* special demonstrations this week.
CaU or write PR. L. WILLIAMS. 371 Geary.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves Its growth ;stops fa!!ing;cures dandrufC
and itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
cleanses sca!p;at druggists', hairdressers' ;ac«
cept no substitute. Star RemedyCo. .SASGeary.
WANTED— 84(9 men with »cajp diseases; losa
of oair and baldness prevented (can treat by
mail blank for stamp); consultation free a
8:30 'to 6. Sundays 10 to 12. Prof. GEO. A,
GARLOW. Specialist, room 218. 097 Market.
NOT how cheap, tut how good. Is the motto ol
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market St.
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience. cure» per-
manently, morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address 'Central Pharmacy. 231 Grant ave..
corner Sutter gt.; fee rr.oderate.
DANCING TUf9<i.-\y. Thursday. Saturday and]
Sunday evenings at Trutonla Hall. Howarl
«t.. near Ninth: management Prof. Foster.
AT less than ccst uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers, at CHARLES LYONS'. Londoa
Tailor. 721 Market st.
TBE highest price paid for ladles' or gents'
cast-off clothing and all articles of value at
WE1NBERG'?. 114A Ellis st.
ELEGANT »ult« on e«#y installments; SO cents
and up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
ket St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
BRING your j^nis: will make tailored nhirt
waist R The Fashion, tl^ MarWe:. bet. 7&^.
HAIR dyeing by expert: facial maxsace spe-
cialty. MR. MELCESCO.- 003 Ellis st.
MRS. KUMPLE will be pleased to meet old aadi
new friends her millinery parlor?. Til Geary.
SI TITS to order on Installments. $1 per wee*.
Neunans A Co.. merch.tai;ors.727-720 Market.
ALL styles hail-dressing. 23c; ha'.r poods: mini.
ruring 25c. O. LF.DERER. 123 Stockton st.
TAILOR-MADE »ult *7 50; dress pants $2 5<X
Misfit Clothlne Parlor, cor. Buch and Dupont.
tUl*KKFLCOU3 hatr nnd moles removed by
electric needle. Pr.feM—.Traversg.lKOMarker..
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wl?*,
eountry orders GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color: II; at all druggists'.
Eup»rflueu» hair and motes removed wit!* el^c-
trie needle Vm. X- Miss K.Mn«v TP1 Sutti»r.
'PALMISTRY.
MMK. DEVAS. scientific palmist .»nd astrolo-
gl»t. Office. 2O I.ifbes hitlg.. i:^> Post St.: 91
palm readings; H question* free; Tues. eve.
MME. ZILLAH. scientific palmist and cant
reader; 25 years' experience; late of N«w
Zealand and Australia." 525A Post *t.
.H. JEROME FOSELL1. scientific palmist £»
1 Taylor »t., near Geary. Phone Bla** 5t»l.
HELP WANTED-— MALE Con.
MURRAY & READY
PHONE MAIN 5348. 634 and 636 Clay st.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Office half block long; 14 clerks employed; by
our own printing plant we publish a
"FREE" Bulletin of Labor, containing every
position segregated under departments ready
for distribution 7 a. m. ; also noon aTid even-
ing editions. GET ONE FREE.
THIS IS WHAT
MADE US FAMOUS.
We know no distinction between Man and
Man.
YOU -ARE ALL EQUAL.
YOU ARE ALL WELCOME
1902 WE GAVE 1903 -WE'LL GIVE
45.000 MEN WORK. 60.000 MEN WORK.
WE SHIP YOU FREE TO ONE,
FREE TO-DAY. FREE TO ALL.
Ogden.. Utah. All Parts Nevada.
I^os Angeles County Chatsworth Park.
Willits, Ukiah. Oregon.
And All Points North. East. South,
Including Ogden. Utah.
Carpenters and helpers, pile drivers, fence
bulidera. drillers, single, double and machine
men. corner and [ bench hands, muckers,
chuck tenders, car dumpers, teamsters, la-
. borers, track men, cooks, waiters black-
smiths, etc.. $5. $1 $3 50, $3, $2 50. $2 day.
Free Fare. Free Fare. Free Fare.
Everybody talking. Thousands going.
Are you? Are you? Are you?
MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay st.
I60 MEN OR BOYS.
FRUIT PICKERS— $30 fd— FRUIT PICKERS
Fare $1. Fee $1. Three months' Jobs;
picking, packing and drying.
3fi5 laborers, teamsters, city and country
jobs, $2, $2 50 and $3 day. All classes of
work; come see.
155 Italians, $2 25 a day.
You board yourselves. Steady Jobs.
26 laborers, free fare, 14 miles away, $42
and found.
2B laborers, you'll suit, factory, fare paid,
$67 60.
155 coal miners, free fare. $3 to $5 day.
165 laborer*, teamsters, Wllllts, Uklah, free
fare. ?87 50.
Do You Know — Free Fare —
On every train we ship to S. P. Co.'s own
work, on all divisions, laborers^ extra gangs;
also section hands.
DIAMOND MATCH COMPANY.
156 teamsters and axmen, $75.
197 laborers and drillers, $75.
155 track layers, ballast track. $67 50.
Cost you only $1; no discount; steady Job.
MINES, QUARRIES. TUNNELS.
155 laborers, you'll suit, $60. $75 and found.
$><J miners and timbermen. $90 and found.
186 quarrymen, also drillers. $S2 to $9O.
96 carmen, furnace men. $75.
STABLES, FARMS, DAIRIES. HARVEST,
10i> farm, orchard, vineyard hands, $30 to
$15 and found.
:ts milkers, butler makers, $30. $35. $40 fd.
156 harvest hands, hay balers, $2 50, $3 day.
08 choramen. coachmen, gardeners. $30 to
$50 and found. /
10 stablemen, city and country, $30 to $45 fd.
£6 men for brick yards, $35 to $80 found.
MARRIED HELP WANTED.
12 men and wives, farms, orchards, mines,
mills. $40 to $70 find found.
MURRAY' & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
WHERE ARE THEY?
88 Lumber Trusts and Syndicates.
Located in Four States,
Managers here. . Two Territories.
FREE— FARE— FREE.
995 laborers, no experience wanted, $35 to
$70 and found.
1S8 experienced mill and yard men, $40 to
$150 and. found. t
S83 woodsmen. $10 to $150 and found.
."Sti ¦woodchoppcrs. tlemakers, shingle, post,
picket and box bolt makers; tools and pro-
visions found.
" BIG L MURRAY & READY.
TRUSTS. 634 and 63« Clay st.
A— COOKS— BIG PAY.
COOKS. BIG PAY. COOKS, COOKS.
2(> cooks for harvest and fruit ranches, hay
presses, etc.. $70. $C0, $50. $40, $30 found:
very few men to cook for; no women there;
4 cooks for different mines, $70. $05, $50. $40.
and found.
40 cooks, hotels, . restaurants, cafes, saloons,
etc $70 to $10 and found.
WAITERS.
32 waiters, different places, including cafes,
grill?. $45 to $30 and found.
6 bell and elevator boys, city and country
positions, $1.1 to ?30 and found.
0 porters and bedmakers. city and country
positions, $45 to $20 and found.
86 dishwashers, etc.. city and all parts of
California, $10 to $25 and found.
12 butchers, different Jobs. 535 to $60 found.
6 bakers. 5 helpers. $35 to $50 and found.
15 boys to learn trades and work In factories,
* 8 'atUKRAYA READY. 634-636 Clay et.
MISCELLANEOUS.
35 carpenters, new job. fare $1, $90.
16 blacksmiths and helpers, located every-
S where. $00 to'M5 nnd found.
' Al«o 96 other different mechanics; come see.
Pattern-maker, large sawmill, free fare, $120.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Pay st.
' EXTRA SPECIAL.
Young man. sharpen drills, free fare, boss
here, $40 and found.
« FREE FARE.
2 stonecutters, Nevada, free fare both ways,
Planerman. country mill, bos* ; here. $60 fd.
2 waiters, $30, also cook's helper, $35 found,
gold mine.
Butcher shop, Solano Co., $40 found.
BaTk peeler, fare $1, $40 found.
65 rough carpenters, very plain work, man-
ager at office, $75; 4 laborers, city foundry.
R2 day. •
Boy. City Amusement Photo Stand, city, $7
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay at.
BOYS wanted immediately to pare fruit with
machine; good wages. California Canneries'
WANTED — A first-class redwood lumber sales-
man thoroughly familiar with local and do-
mestic markets; highest references required;
state experience and salary expected; no
brokers need apply. Box 1045. Call.
WANTED — Bookkeeper, experienced, for coun-
try; 3 months' work now; onportunity for
steady employment; R. R. fare and $3 per
day; state age, experience and references.
Box 33»t. Call. .
WANTED— Educated young man to learn our
business and take responsible position when
Qualified; $900 per year; flrst-ciass references
required. Stoddard Lectures, 210 Kxamlner
building. ¦_ -
NEAT, 'bright, industrious boy, 15 to 20, with
sufficient :. knowledge of shorthand for law
office. Inquire room 41, 7th floor. Mills bldg..
4. to 5 l l>. m., Saturday.^
BARBERS, Take Notice — Special meeting Mon-
day, August ; 24. Business of utmost Im-
portance. Fine enforced for non-attendance.
j.R.BLEILY,' secretary local 14S.
TEAMSTER for light 2-horse delivery wagon;
must be experienced with shipping goods;
steady position; give reference. Box 3398.
Call office.- '. ¦ ¦ . •
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $land
$1 50 pair; foot-form' shoes at $2 50; we pay
'r'- express or mall chgs. 11 Third St., Exam. .bid.
COATMAKER for country. REISS BROS. A
; CO.. 24 Sutter st. ' -. " ' * ¦".,-
MAN to do Janitor, work for tuition in S. F.
Barber School. 741 A Howard st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. : HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
600 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
: BOc up; soling cheap. 923 Howard St.. nr. 6th.
, PENSION -atty.'.E. A. Bullls. r room 40. PheUn
** bldf.Past Com. Geo.' H. Thomas Post, G.A.R.
¦ AS FR.A2CCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of tbe San Francisco
Call, corner Market end Third streets; open
tctil 12 o'clock even' night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p in.
SCO Hay** rtreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
€39 McAllister street; open until 9:S0 p. m.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. nv
1841 Mission street; orea until 10 p. rfl.
22C1 Market street* corner Sixteenthf or*«
cr.til 9 p. o.
106 Eleventh «twt: cp«j until » p. ra.
1C*3 Valencia street: open until 9 p. ns.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky elreety; open until 8 p. ro.
2200 Flllmore street: open until 9 p. m.
SIXDAY ECTi;RE ?^_____
HKyR : fV^SlC^i^t^^ t '" Carnegie
Lvceum N>» York, on the Religion of fecl-
oiic* & founder "lndri*ndent Liberal *><>clrtv
<i» trie New Thought. ' delivers address uold- 1
*-n Gate Hall. Sunday. 11 a. m. (only); 5Ub : J
jrct. ••Prncre?* »nJ ;«Mphr^£Trn»w
• Magnetic Orator." "Profound Thinkers .
Mi»» Xent Roberts glnss. Seats free. |
MEETING .NOTICES. j
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No 30 F - «" d ,R- i
A M --Called nwtimr THIS <SAT -VjC I
CROAT) AFTERNOON, at 2 o'clock; /V\ j
jecond a^^ff^t^e^ J
JV
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock: /V>
•hird degree; Master Masons cordially
lrvHed By crder of th# W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary. '
DORIC Lodge No 216 F. and A. M. — «
S-SrtalrieitJns THIS (SATURDAY) W j
EVENING st 7:30 o'clock; third d«- /V\ i
c:e«- Master Masons are cordially In-
vited. By order cf tint Master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH, Sec
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. ¦'flBjyf-,
¦ ' O O F. — Regular m»erlr.g £^3BBEftLa
THIS rPATT'RDAY) EVENING. t ?*5^Sv-" !
Third decree _ cunTIS- p. _. |
THE annual meeting of the stockholders _ot
the Pacific Undertakers will b* »•}<»»* .^ •
Mission St.. San Francisco, on MONDAY, j
aupum 2*. 1&*W. st b.SO p. m.. for the elec-
tion of directors for the ensuing year ar.d J
the transaction of such other bus.ntss as
ms" come befcre the me-tlcg. Transfer
bocks will close on Thursday. A-urust JO.
Bv crfier cf ti>e beard of directors.
M - C. GORHAM. Secretary. j
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly |
rail 16 pares, sent to cny address in tfcs j
T'r.itVd States or Canada one year Tor *1. I
ATTOHNEYS-AT-LA\Y% _^ ',
EOBT~W. KING. atty-at-!aw. Examiner bM., !
• rm 611; sli cases, damages, estates, wills. ;
attachments, collections, etc.: consu'.tstlon
free; no advance charges: caJI or write; even-
tng»' by appointment. Tel. Red 3C01. j
ADVICE fre«— I will advance cost In meritori-
ous cases divorces probate and all other law
caw no fees In sdvsnce; open every even-
srgT J M. THUR5TON. S19 Market st.. r. 31. j
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty :<julck quiet; j
no 'harge without success; established 13 yrs.
G. W. HCWE 1122 Market st.. opp. Hals s. j
ADVICE free, all cases. R. C. ADAMS, room j
Sit. third floor. Examiner building. J
L 6 CLARK Emma Spreckels bldg.. 827 Mar- j
ket st.: consultation free; no fees In advance. ;
' AITKEN & AITKEN. attorneys, rs. *»- 10^l l
C:unl* bidg.. 50-i California St.: tel. Main 727.
BICYCLES — For Sa !^55_J^ ch *"?*'_
LADTTaTwhe*!: good as new; $10. CaU ''A •
Laguna *t.. careenter ehop^ j
— — — »^— — ____—— _— — ¦— — — a 1
BIRDS, DOGS. ETC.
YOUNG talkli* p&rrou,$5 each;German singing
canaries $2; we will try to plesse you;every- ;
thing in our line at right prices. 1546 Market.
BUSINESS CUANCES.
A^^50^T~RESTAURANT and chop house; j
close to Phelan building; daily receipts about '
*S5; splendid business. See R. G. WILKE, j
2»i*s Kearny St. ' j
A— $S00- COUNTRY bakery. »'lth chop house, !
in Caiaveras County; living rooms; no op- '
potiton" a splendid chance fcr baker or cook, j
R. G. WILKE. 26^, Kearny gt. \
X $S00; SALOON, with 10 furnished rooms; |
place surrounded by breweries and malt- '
houses; rent $40; a good business, but dis- :
ngrecner.t cf three partners is cause cf sale; j
>SFe. Call R. G. WILKE. 264 Kearny st. 1
A— <->25; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon, on
Third rt.: rent *3w; average daily receipta, i
$!•«: a bargain. R. G. WILKE. :.'6 > 4 Kearr.y. •
I WANT a partner to a rich sold mine and j
have one for sale; quartz end placer; large ;
jr-h samples from both can be seen at room .
97 Colaen West Hotel: most favorable terms
of payment. RICHARD PHELAN. j
THE test business la the Mission; stationery
Store, near 7 schools, for what It will Invoice
for; $350 for a business at 3roi Army st. i
D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission st.
F n R sale — Lerpe?t, best located stable In city.
Arplv FCOTT A: MAGNER, hay merchants,
e\r> Sixth st. '
GP.OCERY and bar; great bargain: One loca- !
:ion and trade; cheap rent; living rooms; :
"*• good bar b'jrines*. 230 Minna st.
CROCKERY, household vtenslls. toys; account
of other business; established years; stands
investigslidi. Box ICBi. <fa!l.
FnO^PEKOUS meat market for sale; cheap.
Address Ki-010 Market rt.
F<"»Fi sale— Mocha rwaurant. 1759ty Mission
ftreet.
FOR esle — Grocery business in email town;
r>aj!. new rtcch: w::i invoice about $3000;
doirp good business: beet of reasons for
galling. Address P. O. ty'X 123. Sulsun/ Cal.
$3W— CHICK UN ren-.-h. chickens and fixtures
for»tale; 5-rocm hou«. 1 acre of land, for
rent; $10 p»r month: 5 years' lease. Address
P. O. bcx 142. Kruitvale. Cal.
f50O — PARTNER: t*r.d to shipping goods: do
some collecting: $K»« month guaranteed. Par-
ticular* ?;20 Bryant st.
MERCHANDISE business in small town near
Pan Joee. A.6<1t*-es box r>24. San Jose, Cal.
FOR sale — Oyster and chop house. 1197 Mar-
k.?t ft., or. Kichth.
FOR sal* — Printing offi<-«>: frooi condition: es-
iah!!fhrt patronage; cheap rent. 1042. Call.
Hair'iretsJr.g parlors; cheap: value in eight;
Kocd location; retirir-^. 1153 Market et.
A baker v: delicacy; all More trade- $25 a day;
price $1*00; no agents. 715 McAllister «.
OUTSIDE route No! 4 thl» paper for sale.
Impair* B*r4wsr» ftore. lftth and Folsom «t«.
LODGING-HOISES FOR SALE.
H. C. DECKER
906 MARKET. COP.. STOCKTON. ' ¦
PHONE JOHN 631.
H"':r.*:-'r- tor Heal Kstate. Roomir.g--
Houw. Hot«-ls._Nrw Apartmrnt Houses
Kiats and Private Homes.
27 YEARF IN THIS BUSINESS IN
SAN FRANCISCO.
Ft-* the foll'/a-ing bargains:
1<* room*; Foliom Ft.; full of roomers $225
7 room*; modern fiat; fine furniture 200
S room*; newly furnish«-d; clears $23 175
14 room*; rxchinee for larger house 500
17 rooms: 9 rooms furnished; snap 500
R rooms: Leavenworth «. ; reduced to..!.! r«00
HS room*; choice location; Oakland 32(>0
32 rooms; Geary ft.; choice transient !. 40)
42 rooms; runny corner; rent *H*» 32<>0
:v» rooms; Bunny bay-window corner 2S00
ITS room*: ft!i*>Fion snd Sixth ste. ; snap .1!XM
12 room*; Taylor Ft.; transient only 700
«?O rooms; Market et. ; offices; permanent. .5T.O0
f.2 rooms: part hoiuw; long I«-a»e 2000
s room*; ion $l.V)0; a beauty; reduced.!. 750
18 roArj>; newly fumUhod; long lease.. 1200
H. C. DECKER. Mi Market, cor. Stockton.
100 ROOMS; house for men: rent $140 $4009
6S rooms; eouth of Market: rent $10O.. 2'fW
24 rooms; corner; part cash; bal. easy. 85!)
31 rooms; good inoome; rent $20 S.V)
21 room*; water front; rent $40; lease. 050
32^ room*; pood lease; low rent C500
f.7 rmi.; apartments ;We«tcrn Add.; rent 250
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels rosdhou**^ flats 5 to 100 rooms
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
$4^0 — HOUSE. 12 fum. rooms: piano: sewing
machine: rent $."i. ir,33 Buchanan «t.
$£/r> ONLY— 12 rooms; new furniture; rent
cheap: must leave city. 7E8 Dush st.. rear.
CAKPET-UEAT1XG AM) CLEAXIXC.
AIR. compressed, dry. Ice cold, lc now univer-
sally used in sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or injury: prices mod-
erate. Apply 8. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call big.; phone Main 6237.
WHEN you becom* disgusted with your work
e«nd for EPA ULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Work». 35S-S57 Tt-htma St.; tel. South 40.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen
proprietor. 329 Guerrero st.. tel. Mission 49.
TRY HCPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating;
mattresses made over. 1432 Howard .South 216
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 334. GEO. WALCOM _ CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet -beating Works!
KB Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
SPIRITUALISM.
THOM OUELLETTE; special life readings
"5c * absolutely free unless correct; full
names given. 34 Plsth gt., rooms 10 and 12.
JOHN* SLATER: France Sunday night, 117
_arkin : readings to-day, 336 O'Farrell st,
KAT i E HEUSSMAN, circle Friday evening,
25c: fitting*. 1000 Harrl.«on st.. cor. Sixth.
MRS. J. J- WHITNEY, trance clairvoyant,
bjeines? medium and lite r^aden 416 TurK>
EDWARD EARLE, 1052 Ellis, reod'.nz* daily,
9:30 to 4: rearces Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYANTS.^
A^ CAlL~AT ONCE AND SAVE $2>
My HfRular f3 Re*<Itntf Thi» Week for
$1 $1- « $1 $1 *1 SI *l
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE,
The Flm Resii>«ered Trance Claltvoyant and
Palmiit Ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee. to
make you no charge if I fall to tell your name,
occupation and what you called forj I proml««
to tell you whether husband, wife or Bweet-
heart Is true or false; to tell whom and ivhen
vou will marry: in fact, I will tell you every
hope foar or ambition better than you c*n tell
yourself. He restores lost affections, reunites
the separated. caus«s speedy and happy mar-
nsjres. makes you succ<-!<»ful and pr-ojperous,
oiires d'.wnse and lo-t vitality without medi-
cine locates h'doen treasures: hours 10 a. m. to
B iv m.; Sundays 2 to S. .YJ« O'Farrell st.. 326.
MVnS. M BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium. p«rma-
nently located «U 17 Third st.. n*xt Examiner
b'.dr. : sh« reads your life correctly, gives an
securaU description of th» pa»t, reveals th*
present happenings and portrays events to
occnr in the future: If you are in trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied In life, or have do-
mestic lov« or business trouble*, consult this
great medium and you will b« told how to
overcome them; valuable advice In all a.rf»srs
of life; 25c uj>; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
ings by mall. Tel. Black 4569.
IsMAR."The Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
»t cor Turk: private reading!" dally. 10 a.
m" to 5 p. m. ; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory »s In person: 3 Questions answered. 51:
full life. $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth: don't send currency. Send postofnee,
Wells-F»rgo money order or registered letter.
X— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight: tells the past, present and future;
ladies .We; gents. $1: by cards, palmistry
and c'lairvoyunt sitting; $1 50. 126 Turk st.
Mrs A H. Kronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant,
tard reader, will give e good reading, 10c, for
s short time .m!y; when others fail try me to
convince yourflf. 402 Franklin, near Grove.
A— Mme. Ravenna read's life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 4th St.. near Market. ;
MISS SETMOUR. wonderful card reader; sat- j
irfaction ruaranteed. 3C3 Jessie, cor. 4th.
MRP PHAFER clairvoyant card reader: sit-
tings daily. 4-1SH Jessie St.. bet. 5th and flth. i
OLDEST lady palmist and csrd reader in city. !
26V4 Kearny. rcom 20: ladles 25c. gents 50c. ;
MME. LE FERN professional card reading.
109 Fifth st.
CHIROPODISTS^
DUNLAP~F0OT INSTITUTE. 50 Geary— All
ailment; of the feet cured: corns, bunlons.etc
COLLECTION^ OFFICES.
BANG^IART^X WEYER.
Collectors.
No. 1170 Market Street Room 37.
ADVICE iree; bad tenants ejected speedily. CO-
LUMBIAN LAW AGCY.. r. 85. U16 Market;
tel. Red 618: collections; gen'l law business.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city cr ceuntry. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10: tel. 55S(i.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE, 5 rooms and bath; rent $10; no
children. 1S6 Nevada ave., cor. Cortland.
FURNISHED 6-room cottage; rent $30. Call
after 11 a. m.. 2S34 Pine st.. cor. Baker.
PEXTISTS..
DrTXuDLUM HILL. 1443 Market. nr.Eleventh
So charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plate* made over like new; teeth
frcm $8 per set: extracting. 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 50; fillings. 50c;
plates. $5;full set: all work painless and war.
ranted. ? Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth »U
GOLD fillings 75c; silver. 35c; crowns, $2: no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.OB.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns. $2 up: fllllngs.25e.
10 PER CENT off this month: estimates free.
N>w York Dentist*. 369 Mission »t.. cor. 6th.
UKKS»_Us— CCKii «V SEAMSTlttiSSKS.
McDOVVELL Dressmaking ar.d Millinery School
— Any pattern cat to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art'g button <fc buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
DXEI3CG ASP Cli—A-fllTO.
BEA breezes sweeten all garments, blankets,
lace curtains, etc.. dene by the Presidio
Heights Dye Works. 3915 Sacramento: phone
for wagon. V.Vst 4S3. H. HICKMAN. pres.
EDUCATIONAL.
A^CALliwEll College of Oratory. Acting,
Opera and Authorship; largest in the West:
14 teachers; positions guaranteed; tall term
begins £ept. 7; day & evening class; beautiful
new catalogs* free. 1205 Market, cor. Ninth.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post, S.
j-. Bookkeeping, shorthand, '.ouch typing,
languages. telegraphy. iCnglish branches;
day and night sessions; illus. catalogue free.
i SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1236 Mar-
ket; modern, progressive, practical; estab-
lished 15 years. Gregg shorthand, fastest.
easie;t. most .readable. Actual business
bookkeeping; typewriter at home free.
AYRES, the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket St.: special summer course in all depart-
ments ; handsome catalogue free ; life scholar-
ship, $50; day and evening sessions.
! CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkln st.
"A thorough pchool" ; positions secured for
i graduates; modern methods; individual in-
etructlon. Write for Illustrated catalogue.
; HEALD'S School of Mines & Electrlclty,24 Post
St., 8. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
THE Borlltz School of Language's has removed
to 1000 Van Ness ave. ; rates reduced during
: rummer. Send for catalogue.
| ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. min.. mech., pur-
vey, astay. cyanide: day. eve.; est. 1S64 Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SYSTEM, discipline and results, the Golden
Gate Commercial College, Van Ness and
Golden Gate aves..S.F. ; fills eve'y requiremnt
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonia, Hall. Howard
St., near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
LESSONS — Frrnch. German, expert method for
children. Box 3381, Call. _^
PIANO and German; pupil of Leipsic Conser-
vatory; lessons 75c and $1. 348 Golden Gate.
AT Kingsland Art Shop — Drawing, painting
and burnt work. 11S4 Halght st.. near Lyon.
ECHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st Night class
LESSONS given In Water Color or Oil Paint-
ing from Nature. CURRIER. 372 Eutter st.
j ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Miseion,nr.6th.
I Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Ptttman shorthand, typing, bookkpg., $3 mo.
EJ«PLOYMEXT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post st?: teL~Bustfl35^
Japanese-Chinere employment office; fur-
nishes best help: contracts for farm help. etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 5762.
A— GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office 41J
Stockton: tel. Grant 1C8; ex pert, reliable help,
CHINESE Employment Orflce — Best help at
Leon Seung's. 411', O'Farrell: tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S9
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE-
RELIABLE woman wishes position as work'
lngr housekeeper for an eWerly couple. Cal
at 21 Sherwood place, oft Third et., down
stain.
A^ RESPECTABLE woman, good cook am
laundters. and is kind to children, wish*
situation in private American family; wagei
moderate. 7b4 Folsom st.-
YOUNG woman will care for convalescent 01
invalid during day or by week; v.-age:
moderate. Box 1057." Call office.
WOMAN would like situation as workini
housekeeper or to take care of Invalid;, gotx
reference. Call 2216 14 Filjmore 6t.
A TRUSTWORTHY woman desires light
housework for one or two adults: wages $1
r*T week, room and board. S34 Folsom st
MIDDLE-AGED lady would like a sltuatiot
as chambermaid and plain sewing; or taking
care of old lady; references. Address Bo>
814. Call office. Oakland.
STRONG young woman would like place house-
keeping or take care of children; countrj
preferred. Call 123 Tenth tt.
WANT ads- and subscriptions taken for Th<
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister sL
HELP WANTED — FEMALE— Con.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit
and canning; steady work: highest wages.
Apply California Canneries Co.. Brannan
St.. between Third and Fourth.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY.. ' LEVI STRAUSS & Cp.'S
FACTORIES. 32H FREMONT ST. -AND 1873
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
ELDERLY German Catholic woman for house-
work; $7 per week. 1071 Market st.
A BRANCH of flee for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
•Valencia st.
HELP WANTED MALE.
A^^r^lTANS_?rXcO. 1 S...Emp. Agency. 1
429 Bush stT W? Cla y •*. ¦
Hello, Grant 185.
SHIPPING DAY TO-DAY— FREE FARE.
NEW WORK— SOUTHERN CAL.
Iron handlers J 2 40
Splkers |2 -3
Strappers ?; - D
Laborers •**
Board $4 50 week— Ship every morning.
NEW WORK— RENO, NEV.
40 laborers •¦; ?*•
GOLCONDA, NEV.
Fence builders • • • ••••;* — 5
CHATSWORTH PARK, L. A. CO., CAL,
Machine men, drillers ¦¦• $¦»-$-
Bonus 25c day. remain until work Is done.
WILLITS, VIA UKIAH. MENDOCINO CO.
Laborers • • • • ••••?-
S. P. Co.'s Work — Western Division.
fxtra hands * x 70
New big tunnel, near city.
Tunnelmen, muckers. 8 hours' work..$2-$2 .5
Absolutely free fare for all above.
EL DORADO AND BUTTE COS
Laborers, rockmen. rough carpenters.. $- 25-$3
Special rate fare.
Bookkeeper. $50 up; blacksmith. *:5 found:
man to take care of -6 horses, $-:5; German
man and wife, dairy, man handy man, wo-
man cook, $75 found; coachman,' $35; ma-
chinist; countrj'. W 50 day; men pick al-
monds, $1 day; 20 laborers, city, $2; 6 i men
about places, choremen. others. fc2j-$J3.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Thorough hotel man. clerk, hotel $50
Colored bellboy. $20; handy man. hotel, city.
$40* meat and pastry cooks, head cooks,
pastry cooks bakers, city and country
hotels, $35-fS0; bakers' helpers, second
hands on bread; waiters, dishwashers, pan-
trymen, sllvermen, $20-$45; 3 waiters, hotel,
north $30, free fare, see party here to-
day: 'barkeeper, $50: houseman, country
hotel, see boss here. $30 , .'.
C R HANSEN & CO. .Employment Agency.
429 Bush 8t • <H2 day 8t -
AN outside salesman, who understands gro-
ceries and provisions: $100 month to right
man. C. R. HANSEX & CO.. 420 Bush St.
DELIVERY wagon driver for country store,
$50; engineer for pile driving; pHe setter;
dairyman and wife, $50; 2 farmers and wives,
$50 and $55; gardener, $25 and found; fruit
pickers, $1 25 and board; 3 section men, $2
day: young man for milk depot, $60; black-
smith helper, $2 day; all-round laundryman
for institution. $40 and found: farmern; lum-
ber pliers; laborers for mill and woods, $«>5;
laborfrs for mines and quarries. $2 to $2 50
day; miners. $3 day; woodchoppers, $1 50
cord, and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
ti2S Sacramento st^
BUTLER. $35 and found; meat cook for Institu-
tion. $55 and found; boarding-house cooks,
$40 to $C0 and found; cook and wife, $60 and
found; cooks, small hotel. $35 and $45 and
found; hotel second cook. $.50 and found: sil-
verman, pantryman, waiters, dishwashers
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 028 oac-
ramento st.
ANDRE'S office. 317 Stockton St. — Cook for in-
stitution, $05; third cook, restaurant, $60;
second cook, plain hotel, $45; cook, road-
houf<e, $75; dishwasher, $8 a week and room;
pantryman, $25; waiter, country hotel, $30
to $"5: 2 waiters, same place, country, $.10
and $35; night dishwasher, $8 a week; French
boy for restaurant. $25; man for chicken
ranch, near city, $25; gardener, handy with
tools, etc. ¦
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 20 Montgomery, r. 12.
2 colored waiters. $52; waiters, $30.
YOUNG man, 17 to 20 years old, as assistant
floor manager. S. N. WOOD & CO., 718 Mar-
ket_st. l __
TAILORS — Buehelman wanted. Apply ready
for work. S. N. WOOD & CO.
WANTED — A young man, 10 or 17 years of
age; must be bright, possess good habits and
live with parents; work will be to assist In
an office. Apply to S. N. WOOD _ CO., 740
Market Ft., Friday or Saturday mornings
only, between 9 and 12. o'clock.
WANTED— Pants finishers. Apply to S. N.
WOOD & CO.'S factory. 27 Geary et.
WANTED — Young man who is an experienced
dry-goods salesman, to go to a city a short
distance from San Francisco: state age, ex-
perience and salary expected. Apply box
1060. Call office. • ¦
SINGLE man; bookkeeper in wholesale and
retail liquor store; best of references re-
quired. M. ROTHENBERO ft CO., 423
Kearny st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 60 per pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50, or
orthopedic »ho s, $3 60; test shces on earth. 11
.Third St.. Exam. bldg.. 6 doors from Market.
WANTED — Handy man who has had experi-
ence in setting up toys; state age, experience
and salary expected. Apply box 105$, Call.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper, country. $50;
chance for increase. Call Royal House, be-
tween 11 and 12. .'
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mall chgs. 11 Third St., Exam, bid.
WANTED^-DregR goods and silk salesman at
STRAUSS & FROHMAN'S. 107-109 Post st.
.WANTED — Cash boys at STRAUSS & FROH-
MAN'S. 107 and 109 Post et.
BARBER wanted for Saturday evenings. Sun-
days; steady. 1006 Mission St., cor.' Sixth.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday at
132 Pacific st.; wages $0. ¦
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
105 Second st.
SATURDAY barber wanted at 229 Fourth st.
UNION barber wanted for Saturday and Sun-
day. 394 Fourth st.
WANTED — A boy to drive butcher wagon. 1911
Flllmore at. , -
BARBER shop furnished to let. Apply 1631
Turk Et. .r '
A KOBJTR man wanted to assist in wine cellar
20 Lafayette st. ¦
BUSHELMAN wanted. Golden Eagle Clothlnj
Store. 104 Kearny st.
WANTED — Three good painters. Apply 201:
st.
FEEDER on cutting preas or Jobbers; steadj
Job. Ill Fremont st., top floor.
Barbers — For sale, Improved electric vibrator
$50 cash. 217 Montgomery, Russ House baths
WANTED— Omnibus boy. 29 Stockton st.
WANTED— Cash boy and wagon boy. Appl:
between 9 and 11 &; m. at HALE BPOS.'
WANTED — Man, educated and enerrfctic: sal
• ary or guarantee; call 9 to 12. -- DODD
MEAD & CO.. room 561. Parrott bldg. *
WANTED— Good lecturers and canvassers/ Cal
or write r. 8. 855 Washington at.. Oakland
WA NTED— Rough carpenters and ¦ laborers
. Apply room > 14, 26 ; Montgomery « St.,' Sai
Francisco Construction Conypamr.
EMPLOY3IENT WANTED — MALE. 1 .
MAN and wife would like eltuaUon in city or
country: woman to do cooking and 1 house-
work and man euteide work. J. FLEISCHER, J
1417 Powell ft. - ' j
ENGINEER, Bteady and' sober,' willing to do ;
his own firing, wishes situation: able to make
both steam and electrical repairs; first-class
references Box 1060. Call office.
WANTED— By a young man. the care of an
elderly gentleman: very best of references,
also able to care for corrm>ondencev liox
1W/1, Call office*
POSITION wanted by honest and sober Ger-
man about gentleman's residence. Hox UHK,
Call office,
AN honest and strictly temyerate man of 40.
with over 20 years' experience with men and
machinery, wishes position as superintendent
or foreman. L. A. COLLIER, lock box 250v
Truekee, Nevada County, Cal.
A FRENCHMAN, married, having long ex-
perience in own vineyard In France, desires
position where he can make improvements;
knows all about making of wine, etc. Box
3383, Call office.
SOBER, steady married man (no children), po- .
f itlon as care-taker on country P'* c *« or j_*
watchman: good references. P. O. box 48.
Pan Rafael. CaU .
PRACTICAL engineer wants charge of ata-
tlcnary engine or machinery; city or coun-
try; married. Box 33S7, Call.
WANTED — Position as salesman or office as-
vLrtant by a young man of good habits and
willing to work. Box 38*J5. CaU.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper would Uks to keep
books Tor several small firms; best of refer-
ences. Box 3384. Call.
PAINTER, Eastern man, wants work by day
or small Jobs and contracts taken. Address
painter. 1121 Websttr at.
JAPANESE student wants position as school-
boy in small family; without room; speaks
English. S. K.. 1329 Pine st.
JAPANESE student wants position as school-
boy: speaks English. KONDO. 132V Pine st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
FLATS TO LET. _^
F1LLMORE. 1017-1025, near MeAlllstex- — Two
magnificent new sunny flats, 7 rooms and
bath; convenient to eevernl car lines: rent
reasonable. SHAINWALO, BUCKBEE _
CO., 218-220 Montgomery >t.. Mills bldg.
HULbJCa and flats to let; an immense list; »er-
vica absolutely free; take advantage of this
department; tt will save you time and
trouble. Conies Furniture Co.. 245-253 Geary
tt . en the square. .
$32— MIDDLE flat of 7 many rooms; new
houae: latest improvements; concrete base-
ment: 2 toilets; fine bath: fine finish: birds-
eye maple parlors. 130 2d ave.. nr. Cal. at.
CORNER Noe and Elizabeth sts.: new, sunny
flat on corner, 1050 Noe St.; modern improve-
ments; convenient to Twenty-fourth and Ca»-
tro st. cars: rent reasonable.
PIERCE, 2!5O — Very sunny 6-room flat: rea-
sonable rent.
HAYES, 1753, near Park entrance — Sunny up-
per flat, 4 rooms and bath; rent $16.
TO iet— Flat of four rooms: 1S97 O'Farrell.
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post at.
FLATS FOR SALE — FURNISHED.
NEWLY and elegantly furnished lower flat,
within five minutes of Powell and Market
sts.; must sell; parties going East. Address
box 3399, Call office^ - '
FIVE-room furnished flat for sale; 4 Antonio,
bet. Ellis and O'Farrell. Call bet. 10 and 3.
FURNITURE WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 .Mission, phone Red 4462.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HELP WASTED FEMALE.
WANTED — Working hotel housekeeper, $30; 5
2d girls for city, $25; Scandinavian cook for
3 in family, no wash, $40; nurse for 17-
months-old child, $25; nurse for Institution,
$20: German young woman as maid to elderly
lady, $25: lady's maid, $30; nurse for in-
valid. $25; 40 housrgirls at 520. $25. $30.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter.
WANTED— 2 chambermaids and wait one
meals, $20; 4 waitresses, city and country,
$25; chambermaid for boarding school, $23;
seamstress for hospital, $20. Apply to J. F.
! CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter St.
WANTED — Laundress for countrj' hotel, $25;
laundress for institution. $30; laundress for
club work, country, $25; 2 Scandinavian
laundresses. $30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 334 Sutter 6t.
WANTED — Cook for 10 boarders, $30; cook,
small country hotel, $35; we want a large
number of cooks, wfth and without plain
washing, for both German and American
families at $25, $30 and $35 per month. Ap-
ply J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter St.
WANTED — Second girls. Ross Valley, $25;
Menlo Park, $30; Mill Valley. $25; nurse girl
fcr near San Rafael, $25: waitress and parlor
maid. San Rafael, $25; 5 second girls, city,
$20. $25. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
.">."4 Sutter st.
WANTED — Girl for housework, 3 In family,
Palo Alto. $25; see party in office Monday;
for Vaccavllle, no wash, C in family, $25;
San Rafael 3 In family. $30; 3 housework
girls for Alameda. $25; Berkeley. $25; San
Lorenzo. $25. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 334 Sutter Et.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12—
Chambermaid, country hotel, $25 and fare.
HA1RDRESSING, manicuring, massage, hair
work; removal of superfluous hair tiught
from A to Z in 2 weelrs for $10; positions
guaranteed; $10 to $20 per week; school day
and eve. 233 Geary, r. 13; maids prepared.
A— LADIES, learn all branches balrdresslng
trade; manicuring, massage, etc.; 1236 Mar-
ket St., cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; steady
employment; day and piece work; highest
wages. CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO.,
Bryant and Tenth.
A — Girls to leanj millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught from start to finish In one
month for $10; positions aa trimmers, bales-
ladies, etc., guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton gt., r. 13.
WANTED — Experienced salesladies for cult
and cloak department at STRAUSS _
FROHMAN'S, 107-109 Post eU
WANTED — Parcel wrappers at STRAUSS &
FROHMAN. 107 and 109 Poet ft.
WANTED — Salesladies for all departments at
STRA USS & TROHMAN. 107 _id 109 Post.
WANTED — Young girls to sew on buttons. Ap-
ply between O and 10 a. m. I. MAGNIN &
CO.. 43-53 Ellla st. ¦
WANTED — Young girls between 15 and 17
years to learn to be stock keepers. Apply
between 9 and 10 a. m. I. MAGNIN & CO.,
43-53 Fills st.
GERMAN girl to take care of child In family
boarding at San Rafael and assist in light
housework, in flat when family returns to city
In September; wages $20. Apply to G. W.
CLARK _ CO.. 304 Post St.
WANTED— A thorough. competent sales-
woman for waist department. Apply ROB-
ERT WALLACE, 219 Grant ave. .
WANTED — Women for lining garments. Ay-
ply ROBERT WALLACE, 219 Grant ave.
FIRST-CLASS trimmers for city and country:
good salaries; sttady positions. Apply HOLM
& NATHAN. B12 Market:
A YOUNG girl for light housework and assist
with children: wages $20: call between 12
and 4. 1030 Waller St.
WANTED — Firpt-class cloak and Bult sales-
woman. Apply at HALE BROS'.
WANTED — Experienced millinery maker. Ap-
ply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS'.
LINERS and finishers on furs. Apply bflore
; 10 a. m.. H. LIEBKS & CO., 137 Post tt.
¦WANTED— Woman to assist In housework, j
• 2(117 Sacramento St.; sleep home.
• NEAT girl for general housework; no wash-
ing; four <4) adultB. 1914 Vallejo st. ,
1 GIRL to assist general housework: sleep at
home. Apply to 234 Fair Oaks, near 24th st.
• NEAT girl, general housework; good plain
I cocking; 4 In family, j 1617 Golden Gate ave.
XURSE for sanitarium. 2344 Sutter st.
I WANTED — Thoroughly experienced unlneum-
> bered woman to take care of a child about
1 . 1 year of age. Address box 1052, Call.
• WANTED — Experienced spice labeler; give ex-
perience, where worked and wages expected.
» Box 3.W2. Call.
• WANTED — Lady office assistant; give reft.r-
C enc«j. exoerlence and "wages expected. Box
1 3303. Call. ;
• WANTED — Girl to do plain cooking. . help with
housework and care of baby; $20 a month.
304 Matile st., bet. Clay and Sacramento.
ITALIAN lady who can speak English wanted
1 to travel. Apply Girls' . Directory. Central
> ave. and Waller St.-
A WOMAN with experience In the nursing line
for , commercial position. . Box 3390, < Call.
PANTS finisherb wanted by S. N. WOOD &
CO. Apply at 27 Geary st.; union wages.
1 LADY of good address to represent high-grade
magazine: good pay. 59 Columbian building.
If you are one of those poor souls not having any home.
And bo to find a boarding place the city o'er must roam.
You'll spare yourself a lot of \rork and save your coin withal
By looking o'erlhat class of ads we cublish in The Call,
For In the list you're sure to find a place your tastes to suit.
And henceforth in our patrons' ranks you'll march as a recruit.Captain Armstrong of the Ottawa In
dian Agency was in a reminiscent mood
the other day and told the following story
on a well-known minister in that country.
Back in the early days in the agency he
had married a couple, and after a short
time the woman died. The man hustled
around and prevailed upon another wom
an to take the place made vacant by the
death, of wife No. 1, and they immediately
proceeded to hunt up a minister. Heavy
rains had fallen and the streams were
past fording. As the minister lived on the
opposite side of the creek from them, they
drove to its banks and hollered tiU he
came to the door. They told him what
they wanted and that they could not get
across. The difficulty was soon overcome
by the reverend gentleman saying: "Thee
will join hands where thou art." They did
so and were pronounced husband and
wife. The groom asked what the fee was
and was informed that $1 would pay the
bill. This he took from his pocket and
threw across the turbulent waters and
landed it near the feet of the minister,
who picked It up and asked as he did bo:
"What has become of the former wife to
whom 1 married thee?" "She Is dead."
was the response, "Dost thou know that
thou did. not pay me for thy former mar
riage?" queried the preacher. "That's
true," said the groom, "but I will pay you
now," and suiting his action to the prom
ise, he tossed the minister another dol
lar.—Kansas City Journal. . . ,
Married at High Water If ark.
THURSDAY, AUGUST 20.
Lucy B. Dolman to Abraham and Jennie H
Lewis., lot on W line ot Franklin street, 100 N
of Vallejo, N 27 :« by W 110:4; $10.
Same to Abe and Frances Marshall, lot on
W line of Franklin street. 127:8 N of Vallejo,
N 27:t> by W- 110:4; $10
Albert and Alice Leaf to Joseph Cline, lot
on S line of Filbert street. «7-6 E of Buchanan,
E 29 by S 111; *10. i
Anna M. and W. B. Thomas to Rose Free
man, wife of Isaac, lot on N line of Clay 6treet,
130 E of Steiner. E 31:3 by N 127:8Vi; $10.
N. G. W. and Clara B. Greenberg to Wil
liam Greehn, lot on N line of Ellis street. 137:0
W of Steiner. W 34 by N 137:0; $10.
Anna and George D. O'N'eil to David S.
Parker, lot on W line of Scott street, 32 :« S of
Waller, S 25 by W 116:3; ?10.
Charles C. and Kate W. Klnsey to Mary E..
Camilla M. and Claire A. MeDermott, lot on
W line of Cole street. 195 N of Haight. N 23
by W 10U:3; *10.
Albert Pissia.to Frank H. Mesow, lot on E
line of Folcom street. 100 S of Nineteenth, S 25
by E 125; $10.
David A. Baum to M. Slminoff, lot on SE
corner of Market etreet, 31::{^, NE of Church,
NE o0, SE 125:4%. SW 4:0'/i, S 3:7%, W 31
nw ios: fio.
Ulick Burke to Delia A. Kelly, lot on W line
of Noe street, 113fS of Nineteenth, S 29 by W
123; $10. f '
Francis E. Redfleld to Edward B. Hlndes,
lot on S line, of Filbert street, 183:4 w of
Leavenworth, W 22:11 by S 58:9; $10.
Richard Chute to Lizzie T. Chute, lot on E
line of Hyde street, 87 S of Clay, S CO: 6 by
E 112:0; gift.
Estate of Elizabeth T. or Lizzie T Chute
by William E. Chute (administrator) to Lucia
M. Lane and Virginia W. Smiley, same:
$15,500.
• George D. Shadburne Jr. to Louise de Young
lot on SE corner of Howard street, 430 SW of
First. SW 25 by SE 85: $10.
Solomon Pelser to Fannie Rosenberg, Flora
Kallsky. Bertha, Lizzie and Solomon Peleer,
lot on NE corner of Sixth street, 09 SE of
Market. SE 20 by NE 78:$1.
George W. Spring to Harriet Spring, lot on
SW corner of Langton street, or Dora 205
NW of Harrison. NW 25 by SW 80; gift.
Harriet Spring, wife of George W., to Paul
ine Coblentz. wife of Nathan, same; $10
Fred B. and Belle N. Southworth to John
and Millie A. Ralnsbury, lot on W line of
Fifth avenue, 200 N of Lake street, N 25 W
112:11%. S 25:0%. E 114:3%: $10.
Felix and Delflna Marcuse to Frank Mayo,
lot on W line of Third avenue. 75 S of Lake
street. S 25 by W 90; ?10.
G. B. and Kate de Martini to A. Ginocchlo.
lot on SW corner of Point Lobos and Third
avenues, W 30 by 8 100; $10.
Carrie F. Stedman (Sweeney) to Edward T.
Foley, lot on W line of Seventeenth avenue
300 S of A street, S 25 by W 120; $10.
Helen S. Goodall (wife of Edwin) to George
S. Hugbson, lot on E line of Twenty-eighth
avenue, 125 S of A street. S 35 by E 120; $10.
Same to- Helen Hughson. lot on E line of
Twenty-eighth avenue, 100 S of A street. S
35 by E 120; $10. . •* •
Bernhard and Rose Getz to Solomon Getz,"
undivided half of the following: Lot on E
line of Thirty-sixth avenue, 200 N of D street,
N 25 by E 120; also lot on W line of Thirty
seventh avenue, 100 S of C street, S 25 by W
120; also lot .on W tine of Thirty-seventh ave
nue, 150 S of G street, S 25 by W 120; $10...
Solomon and Dora Getz to Richard Barker
Jr., lot on S line of H street. 32:6 W of Forty
seventh avenue. W 25 by S 100; $10.
Willard H. Hanchett to Carrie Hanchett. lot
on W line of Twentieth avenue. 150 S of H
street, S 25 by W 120; gift.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Tina Hlnkel (wife
of Charles L.), lot on W line of Twenty-«»cond
avenue, 225 N of L street, N 25 by W 120; $l».
Angelo and Lugla Corvi to Salvatore Basso,
lot on SW line of Harrington street. 275 NW
of Mipalon. NW 25 by SW 100, lot 43. Academy
Tract; $10.
S. Ducas. Company (corporation) to Mariana
Simmen <wife of Alexander), lot on SW line of
Eighteenth avenue, 150 NW of K street south.
N W 75 by SW 100. lot 8, block 366. South
San Francisco Homestead and Railroad Asso
ciation; $10.
• Alexander Simmen to same, same; gift. .'¦-
Alma and Niels Jessen to Benjamin F. and
Bella F. Shelley, lot on NW line of Bernal
(California) avenue, 240 NE of Coso street, NE
50 by NW 120, Precita Valley lands; $10.
Otto or Otto H. Gertsen to same, same, quit
claim deed; $1.
Clara H. . and Henry F. Blanchet Jr. .to
George Ryan, lot on S. line of Precita avenue,
75 W- of York etreet. W 25 byS 100.. lot 8,
Ray & Plumbe's subdivision of* lots 228, 229,
230 and 231. Precita Valley lands: $10.
.'S.' Ducas Company (corporation) to same,
lot on fc>K line of Precita avenue, 20» NE of
Columbia place; NE 2S0. SE 300. . SW 213:6,
S alons California avenue to : intersection of
lot- 215, -PW 65, NW 314, Precita Valley lots
219 to 222 and SW half of lot 223, quitclaim
deed; $5. ' ....
Same to same, lot ¦ on NE line of Ryan ave
nue, ' 25 , NW of • Peralta street, NW 25 by NE
100. lot £5 and portion of lot 27; also lot, on
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
E corner of Preclta and Ryan avenues. NE
25 by SE 75, lot 14; also lot on SE line of
Precita avenue, 75 NE of Ryan. NE 25 by SE
75, lot 17: also lot on SE line of Precita ave
nue. 25 SW of Ryan. SW 100, SE 278:10%, E
74:2%. N 10:5%, NE 63:0%, NW 20. SW 85,
NW 200. NE 60, NW 80. lots 1. 2. 3 and 13,
Ryan's subdivision of lots 219 to 223. Precita
Valley lands, also lot 8, came map; $10.
FRIDAY. AUGUST 21.
Estate, of Rosalie Wagner (by M. J. Platshek
and Julia Buck, executors) to Elvira Calegaris,
lot on S line of Sutter street, 87:6 W of La
guna, W 50 by S 125; $17,000.
P.. J. G. Kenna (trustee of Cottage Savings
and Homestead Association) to Louise M. Sul
livan (Magrath), wife of Thomas J., and Min
nie Magrath. lot on N line of Fell street 165
E of Webster, E 27:6 by N 120; $1. * '
David Spiegel to Sarah Spiegel, lot on "W
line of Buchanan street. 50 S of O'Farrell, S
25 by W 100: srift.
Elias and Etta Cohn to Elen Kearns, lot on
N line of Halght street, 226:10*4 E of Scott.
E 25 by N 110; $10.
Moses and Bertha Fisher to Mary B: Cun- ;
nlngham, lot on N line of Waller street, 177:6
E of Scott. E 25 by N 137:6; $10.
Walter A. and Carmen M. Starr to Carrie ;
O. Young (wife- of Edward B.), lot on S line
of Vallejo street. 110 W of Devlsadero, W 30:6
by S 137:6; $10. .
Richard and May Finking to Annls B. Bart
lett. lot on W line of Devlsadero street. 52:3
S of Sacramento, S 4 Inches by W 110; $150.
Samuel A. Boyd to Isabelle S. Boyd. lot on
NW corner of Jackson and Spruce streets. N
ei:10*A by W 60: gift.
Edwin and Helen S. Goodall to Edward V.
Pasquale. lot at intersection of NE line of
Buena Vista street and S line of Waller, E
155. S 35. W 128:2^. NW 44:1; $10.
Mary A. Mertes to Emma M. Bernard (wifa
of George F.), lot on 8 line of Fourteenth street
05 E of Howard, -E 25 by S 100; $10.
Johanna Weiss to Frank C. and Annie Healy,
lot on E line of Alemany street. 148:3 N of
Seventeenth. N 35:1^. E 93:6, S 35:3%. W 05;
$10.
T. H. Sellers to John Siebert. lot on W line
of Pond street. 253:6 S of Sixteenth. S 25 by
W 80; $10.
•James MacKinnon to Elizabeth MacKinnon,
lot on W line of Dolores street. 78:6 N of
Twenty-elKhth. N 25 by W 100; $10.
Louise MollternO (wife of P. J.) to John B.
Campodonlco, lot on N line of Allen street,
140 W of Hyde, W 20 by N 60; $10.
Hlbernia Savings and Loan Socie.ty to Monica
Lord lot on SE line of City Hall avenue, 150
NE of City Hall square, NE 25 by SE 100. City
Hall lot 50; $4300.
Daniel and Bridget Hlckey to Alexander
Warner and Guy T. Wayman, lot on NW line
of Brannan street. 225 SW of Third, SW 25 by
NW 75; $10.
Frank McGillln to George D. Shadburne Jr.,
lot on NE line of Lang-ton street, 105 NW of
Bryant, NW 25 by NE 75; $10.
Hans and Catharina Wulft to- Smith Ander
son lot on SE corner of Lake street and Tenth
avenue. S 100 by E 45; $10.
Smith. Anderson to Emma V. Anderson,
same; gift. ¦
Margaret Gahan to William Turner, lot on
N W corner of Clement street and Fifteenth
avenue. N 104:3 by W 30; $10.
Mary Gallagher to Amelia Cross, lot on N
line of Clement street. 81 W of Eighth avenue,
W 2« by N 108; $10. .
Annie Adams to Joseph, S. Spear Jr.. lot on
W line of Thirty-seventh avenue, 200 S of c
street. S 100 by W 120; $10.
Estate of Mary D. Le Feber or Mrs. Donald
La Feber or Mary D. La Feber (by Mary E.
Burke, executrix) to E. B. GUson. lots 12 and
13. block 7, lots S, 0 and 40. block 8. Tract A.
People's Homestead Association; $540.
Ernest W. and, Concencione Home to Leopold
Van Heckle, lots 341 and 343. Gift Map 1; $10.
James Assallno to Nicolaus B. and Annette
Cunfermann, lot on SE line of San Jose avenue.
35 NE of Geneva street. SE 162. NE 34 18. SW
35, lot 4, block 30, West End Map 1; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
' La Societe Francalse de Bienfaisance Mu
tuelle (owners) with Carl Schutt (contractor). •
architect i M. Cuthbertson — All alterations and I
additions to bulldinu 708 and 710 north side
Jackson street: $1400. ... ._•-,
. Nils Lindber* (owner) .with William A.
Powell (contractor and architect) — All work
for a two-story frame building on E line of
California avenue., 75 N of Heyman street, lot
i 75. Cobb t Tract in Jacob Heyman subdivision;
$3500.
Frances and Martha - Fitzgerald (owners)
with Robert Troot (contractor), architects New.
som & Newsom — AH work . for a two-story
frame building on W line of Spruce street.
127:8H S or Washington. 27:8$* by 137:6; f
M515. . _... I
We would like to be numbered with the
News and Courier, the Mobile Register
and other of our contemporaries In the
advocacy of having whit© girls for wait
ers In the hotels. The poor service given
at most of our Southern hotels Is a con
stant reproach to us. arid the only rem
edy we can see is to replace the stupid,
clumsy, untidy negro men with intelligent,
sprightly, refined Southern girls.
Those who visited the cafe in the Wom
an's Building at the Charleston Exposi
tion remembered what a pleasure and a
satisfaction it was to be waited on by
neat, attractive, bright, refined young
women.
These girls were from some of 'the
proudest and best families of Charleston,
and when we say that, of course, it
means the proudest and best /families in
the world, for there are none better.
There are certainly none • prouder, and if
Charleston girls will serve it seems that
the girls of other places might also be
induced to serve in this honorable and
highly respectable capacity. — Spartanburgr
(S. C.) Herald.
Want White Girl Waitresses.
MISCELLANEOtS.
Alaska Packl47 — (Oceanic S Co 7 —
Cal Fruit As — — Pac A F A. — —
Cal Wine As 08 99 (Pac C Borx. — —
Morning Session.
Board —
SO California Wina Association 8S 00
25 Mutual Electme Light 13 Cft
15 Spring Valley Water, cash 85 25
Street—
$3000 Nor Ry of Cal 5s bonds..'... 110 25
Afternoon Session.
25 Alaska Packers' Association 147 50
10 Giant Powder Con 63 00
25 Hutchlnson S P Co 13 75
50 Mutual Electric Lleht 13 00
10 S F Gas &. Electric Co WOO
100 Spring Valley Water 85 00
10 S F Gas & Elec. trustees' cert, 65 00
$1000 Spring Val 4s bonds (2d mtge).. 09 25
$2U0O Spring Val 4a bends (3d mtge)..10O 00
Street—
$6000 N p C R R 5s bonds 108 00
531,000 Spring Val 4s bonds (3d mtge).10O 0O
California Stock and Oil Exchange
! Oil Stocks— Bid. Asked.
Caribou Oil Co 75 SO
Four Oil 7«>
Hanford Oil 13O 00 150 00
Home Oil 1 37^
Imperial.Oil 17 00 13 00
I Independence Oi4 , 17 13
I Junction Oil 21
: Kern Oil 0 00 5 50
¦ Lion Oil OS
I Monto Crlsto Oil ............ 75 SO
I Monarch Oil 54 58
I Oil City Petroleum 3O
! Peerless Oil 13 50 14 60
I Reed Crude Oil 41
j San Joaquln- Oil 5 50
i Sterling Oil 2 00 2 85
! Thirty-three Oil 8 00
j Twenty-eight Oil 3 50
i Union Oil 6S 00
(United Petroleum 118 00
I West Shore Oil 300 325
1 Miscellaneus —
j Abby Land & Improvement.. 1 25 1 50
! Alameda Sugar 29 CO
; American Biscuit 'JO 00 95 CO
I American District Tel •
• Bay Counties Power .....
' Cal Central Gas & Electric
I California Cotton Mills 85 00
| California Jockey Club 105 00
• California Powder
; California Shipping Co 25 CO
I Cal Title Ins & Trust 130 00 140 Ot)
! Central Bank of Oakland 60 00
: Chutes Company 85O
j City and County Bank
! Cypress Lawn Imp Co 8 50
; Eastern Dynamite
: Kiva Sugar Plantation
' Gas Consumers' Association 22 50
i Honolulu Sugar 20 00
! London & S F Bank (Ltd.)
i Mercantile Trust —
j Northern California Power 9 50
! Nevada National Bank ••'•••
; North Shore Railroad 5 00
j Orpheum Company 15 Oft
1 Pacific Statea Tel & Tel 122 50
: Paraf fine Paint 33 00
I Postal Device 4 Imp
i San Francisco Drydock 4 < 00
I Sausallto Land & Ferry..... 18 00 •
l Sperry Flour Company 27 50 30 00
I Standard Electric 18 00
Truckee Electric 1*23 16 OO.
Union Sugar 22 50
I United Gas & Electric 34 50
| Western Fish Co
OFFICIAL SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
725 Occidental Oil IS
t 10 Sterling Oil 2 75
100 Caribou Oil 73
; 100 Oil City Petroleum 29
! 41C0 Oil City Petroleum 30
; 100 Reed Crude Oil 41
1200 Home Oil 1 35
25 Home Oil •• 1 *«
1100 Home Oil. a 90 1 35
Street—
1 San Joaquln Oil 6 50
.' Afternoon Session.
J Board—
• 200 Claremont Oil ; 24
80O Claremont Oil 23
1000 Oil City Petroleum 3n
ICO Sterling Oil. b 90 3 00
1S4B Junction Oil • • , 20
1000 Independence Oil, b 15 IS
700 Home OH •• 135
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Bond yesterday:
Morning- Session.
10O Best & Belch. 1 75 50O Exchequer 06
100 Caledonia . ...1 W3 100 Hale * Nor... 46
100 Challenge Con. 31 100 Kentuck . ... 01
100 Chollar . .... 13 100 Mexican 115
200 Con Cal & Val.l 30 100 Ophlr 1 75
500 Con Imperial.. 04 100 Sierra Nevad. 69
I 300 Crown Point.. 17 10O Union Con ... 74
j Afternoon Session.
I 100 Belcher ai:20(> Saraga 24
I 300 Belcher 32 200 Sierra Nevad.. 6U
i 200 Con Cal & Val.l 30 300 Union Con ... 70 I
200 Crown Eolnt... 16 100 Union Con .... 6t»
400 Gould & Curry 33 200 Utah 24
100 Mexican 1 101
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Tb« following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
| 508 Chollar 13 100 Ophlr 172^4
i 10O C C & Val...l 30 300 Potosl IS
1 300 Crown Point. 17 20O Savage 25
100 Hale & Nor 46 200 Sierra Nevad 67
200 Justice . .. 12 70O Union Con .. 74
100 Mexican . ..1 124 "00 Utah 2*
Afternoon Session.
200 Chollar .... 17 IJOO Potosi IS
TOO C C & Val..l 25 |l.CO Savage . 25
10O C C & Val..l 27% 500 Savare 24
200 Crown Point. 16 ;s00 Sierra Nevad 69
300 G & Curry. . 33 f 00 Union Con . . 70
400 Justice .... 13 200 Utah 24
100 Mexican . ..1 12% 200 Yellow Jack. 53
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
The following were th# sales on the San
Francisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yes
terday:
• Morning Session.
175 Montana Ton.l 101400 Rescue 11
100 Paymaster ... 14l 100 Tono & Cal.. 33
Afternoon Session.
3000 Eeperanza ... 04S0O Paymaster ... 17
2000 Esperanza ... 051 400 Rescue 11
600 Hanna Mg... 25 300 Tono & Cal... 35
500 Montana Ton..l 10) 400 Tono & N Star 47
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. August 21 — I p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bld.A»k.
Alpha 06 Of* Julia 02 04
Alta 04 07 Justice 11 14
Andes 16 17 Kentuck .... 02 03
Belcher 32 3:1 Mexican . ...1 05 1 10
Beat & Belch. 1 75 1 SO Occidental ... 42 44
Bullion 02 04 Ophir 165 170
Caledonia ... 99 1 05 Overman ... 27 29
Challenge Con 28 29 Potosl 16 IS
Chollar 16 19 Savage . 24 25
Confidence .. — 1 05 Scorpion .... 02 04
C C & Val...l 25 1 SO Seg Belcher.. 10 11
Con Imperial. 03 04 Sierra Nevad 65 fifl
Con New York 13 14 Silver Hill.... 70 71
Crown Point.. 15 17|St Louis .... 16 18
Eureka Con.. 45 — > Syndicate ... — 06
Exchequer ... 05 06 Union Con.... 63 60
Gould & Cur.. 33- 3 1 Utah 23 25
Hale & Nor.. 4« 47 Yellow Jack.. 58 59
Lady Wash.. — 06
TONOPAH MINES.
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
Esperanza ... 03 05 Rescue 69 10
Gipsy Queen.. 26 2S Ton Belmont.,1 75 —
Uannapah ... 24 25 I*ono & Cal . . 35 3d
Lucky Tom C. — 15 Tono & G W. — 10
MacNamara .17 21 Tono of Nev..6 0t> 7 50
Wontana Tonl 07%l 10 Tono N Star. 46 48
Sew York Ton — 10 Tono Midway. 40 50
Paymaster ... 14 1C Utopia — 56.
At Yale the retiring age is 65, after
twenty-five years of service, on half pay,
but there is no compulsory retirement as
yet. At Columbia the retiring age. after
fifteen years of service, is 65, either at the
request of the professor, or on motion of
the trustees. Retired professors receive
half pay. At Cornell the retiring age is
70, but the pension fund will not bt? avail
able till 1914, when the retiring pension
will be $1500.
Johns Hopkins University and the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania have as yet no
fixed retiring age. The Massachusetts
General Hospital retires surgeons at 63
and physicians at 65. At the Boston City
Hospital the surgeons retire at 65, but
the physicians may continue indefinitely.
Some universities and colleges have insti
tuted a system that gives a professor one
year of rest out of seven. During this
sabbatical year he receives .half pay and
is freed from all college duties. The
United States Naval Academy gives
him full pay during his vacation, but re
quires from him a detailed" report upon
professional subjects connected • with
Questions of military education.
The foregoing is a summary of the prac
tice in a few American colleges. The rea
sons for and against the practice are too
many and too complex to be considered
here. A system that might have rele
gated Professor Sylvester to retirement
would have been a fearful blow to the
progress of mathematics in America. On
the other hand, we all know much
younger teachers who should be sent on
indefinite leaves as soon as possible. At
tempts to establish hard and fast rules
will probably prove to be failures— New
York Sun.
It Is well known that the Government
retires Its officers of the n:vy at the age
of 62 years, and Its army officers at the
age of 64. This is not intended as a favor
to the Individual, but is designed for the
gocd of the service. The practice has
been followed by various American col
leges. Harvard University permits a pro
fessor to ask for retirement on a reduced
pay varying: from one-third to two-thirds
of his salary, at the age of 60, provided
that he has already served the institution
for twenty years. At 66 he may be re
tired by the president and fellows' either
partly or wholly. The University of Chi
cago is now arranging for a similar sys
tem. Vj> '-:¦
Attempts to Establish a Hard
and Fast Rule May
Be Futile.
Universities Following
Plan of Government
in the Army.
RETIREMENT
OF PROFESSORS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SATURDAY, AUGUST 22, 1903.
Continued From Page Thirteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
15
THOMAS MAGKF.& rONs!
KF.AL ESTATE AGENTS.
No. 5 Mont.ec.men.' *t.
FINE BUILDING LOTS.
RiOUO— Comfr, -J7:Ci.llO. wits street work aufl
«.texvalk or. lK>tli streets ail Jorie; rine
rerldeace «istrict.
RJttkS— Oreea st.. 4<ix!07:0. with Si« view of
*VV and Marin «'ounty hill*: frtreet work
a:I done; very s?Uct residence district.
>lu*i0 — K^y let, 27:0x110. with ffi-it. perma-
nent e*ix>ur<' on tfce south; street and
sidewalk all done.
JL'il*— i7:flxllO, in fine refkience district; lot
level a-'.d ready to build en.
Hrcadjray, r.crth tide. 45x137 :C; magnificent
•Uid unobstrucifd view of bay. Golden
Cate and Marin County hVAs.
APARTMENT HOUSE AND HOTEL SITES.
¦.;7:Cxl2O. en north tide of strict, running
back to rear ftreet, close to \ «n Ness
ave..- cars passing and well travel. d and
convenient district.
Two corners on Van Nes* ave.: one has nea .r, I> i
10. »»0 square tfet and the othrr has W.KW
. square lett; both have ilne sunny ironl-
apes on two strwtf .
McAllister rt.. close to Market; very large !
«ite for family hot. 1 or apartment-house, j
TATLOa ET.
Nearly 0000 square fet-t. including a corner;
DM of the finest location* in the city for
lte purpose.
A FEW CHOICE INVESTMENTS.
$10,000 — MifJicn rt.. near Mh; 23 feet front: !
there are rery f« w small investments
left on MiMtnn tt.
$43,000— Turk Ft .. duwntcirn, 2r,xI12; good
frame building. C
fM.000 — *th St., c!o.m> to Market; a fine buy.
$45,000 — Pay« over .V-j per cent net; fine lar?e
building occupied by a market; nearly
' 70 feet front by 1CS feet deeji.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS,
REAL KSTATE AGENTS.
No. 0 MONTGOMERY fcT.
W. J. GCNN.
530 CALIFORNIA ST.
(Savir.gs Union Building.)
CHEAP LOTS NORTH OF THK PARK.
52C05— 3 lots. A «.. near Cth ave.; graded;
etreet work done; brick Fewer; 3 lines
cars.
I1S00 — 2 lots. B St.. this sMe Pth ave.; gTadeJ,
ready for building; sewered.
53fi0— 1 lot, gih ave.. near B.
flfcOO — 2 lots. 7th ave.. near H.
J1M0— Tenth a.ve.: Jot 34:4x120.
$650 for both; 2 lots near D Et.
$14<X1 — 6th ave.. north of Lake st.; Irts 25x120.
WESTERN ADDITION' LOTS THAT ARE
CHEAP.
$1675 — Ur.'.cn. N. fide, west of Broderick; 2»x
100; grand ir.artr.e view.
$2500 — Unicn. near Scott; I'.'xllO; w<T. located;
elevated.
S2000 — Webster-rt. corner. 25x100.
$5000 — Broderick-st. ooriier; 44x103: «rrand ma-
rine view; fine let. *
52000 — Fllb-rt et.; lot 34:4x137:6; f-tr»-»t bStum-
islzed; marine view; choice location.
W. J. GUNN. Tan California st.
FINE LAI'.GE HOTEL SITE
ON VAN KESS AVE.
• _____
We have responsible and experienced tenant :
for slx-£tory buildiut.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
Real Eftate Aeents,
5 Mcnteosiery Et.
BETTER THAN ANT BANK.
tlOGO down and IM per month for new flats
near Twenty-ninth and M'sslcn streets.
f300 down and $20 per month will buy you
cottage. 5 room* asd bath: up to date.
D. COFFIN A: CO.. 3303 Mission street.
$Trf»«) — NEW hou«>: s funny rooms: fine fin-
ish: lat< tt improvements: concrete foundation;
built by owner. I'M Second ave., near Sac-
ramento st.
FOR sale cheap — A lot 110x114: on Ellen st..
r.»-xt to iv,ujr!a(=s rt. For information call at
C4j Ptevf-nson et.
FOR l ea]« — House 8 rms. : high basement; sunny
tide l!rth. bet. Valencia .and Mission; no reas.
effer refused Stephens &. Co.. Union-sq. Mkt
FOR eale — V.WXj; modern 6-rocm houiM? in best
portion cr Miftion. SW UK) gt.. near Castro.
INVESTMENTS — $1400 up. "-paring 10 to 15 per
cp?:t. THnp.XE & CO.. 207 Montgomery st.
TOI\T IlKIIMiiM) IlEAL ESTATE.
WATEP. front lets and bargains: all tracts;
trnif. phrmr. etc. HELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
hEAL ESTATC WASTED,
WANTED— To lease Curoisrbed) a srood paying
ftock and grain ranch for a term of years
with the rrivil«^e cf buying. Box 1036. Call.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL. ESTATE.
JUST V.-HAT folj~ARE^LOo2lNG^?OR!
A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
Eurroutified by flowers and fruit trees; near
train and schools; only $2s50; lot 75x125.
Nlee 6-room cottage and bath.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
Tel. Grand 14C1. 1500 Park st.. AJameda.
$22^0 — COTTAGE of 7 r. let 50x100: $1S5O —
Cottage of 5 r.. lar^e lot: $2000 — New house
of 6 r.. term*. J. II. YOUNG. 12AJ Park St..
A!am*da-
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL. ESTATE.
AN opportunity eclfioa met with; I have 4
n»w 2-story 7-rocrn house, 4 bedrooms,
eQulpped with all modern conveniences gaa,
electric llchta. etc. en an Improved t'treet
only 2 blocks from the station which I wi:i
eell to a reliable party on the following
tercns: $100 cash ana the balance in month-
ly lEst_.!lmcnt£; whole price $li500.
JOSEPH J. MASON. P.eal Estate.
Cor. Ehattuck ave. and Center. Berkeley.
FINE. new. haedscme cottages; up to <late: all
conveniences; close to cars; large let*; Jlioj
to JI'A". ¦; crjT i2O0 ctih. balance $10 CO p«r
rar-cth,
W. C. KORAN. Lorln station or
C. C. EMSLIE. Ashby ftatlon.
FOR RENT — Hocse of S roomi and bath; near
U\ C. and Head Seminary.
JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate,
Corner Ehattuck ave. and Center st.
TWO 7-roora hou.«ee; modern; Etreet work all
done; 2 blocks from North Berkeley «tation;
couth frontage; price' $3000; one-third cash,
balance same as rent; no agents. Eee owner.
1925 Vine et.. Berkeley.
Mill Valley Advertisements.
WILL VALLEV REAL ESTATE.
LOT 50x103 FOR $400.
Ckirainp Mill Valley I* growing very fast;
new Louses are springing up on ail Kidea;
land values are Increasing rapidly; Lyon & 1
Hoar have placed a new tract en the mar-
ket ric!.t at the t-tation and are selling lots
at fron Js t 0 $12 per front foot on terms
of 30 i*- T cent cafh. balance $10 monthly;
over *<> !o-.<= have b«^en sold recently; streets
are graded. MBU . T mains j_jd «.i#. c tric lights,
etc.; grand old trees; don't delay, but get
in on the ground floor; branch office. Mill
Valley; op<n Ernd for booklet.
. LYON & HOAO. 1 ltt Mont«dmery st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
B[OAtO_AKP REAL, ESTATE.
IXJOK AT TIHiiZj_^TnryTor~8rflnTh'omrof
4 rooms and bath; better than new; lot OOx
IS : all t trttt work done and cement walk
i round th« house, «-te. Apply to I* C. LAa-
SKN & CO.. «w lCth gt- Oakland. Cal.
BARGAIN— OuTy jiw[)o~for "a~na«~6-roon7 cot-
tiiK<»jn J-ait Oakland. K c. LASSEN &. CO .
tOi Tenth tt.. Oakland.
l:EFOKE rncvini? *n my printed list of house*
to let. CtOIiCE \V. AUSTIN. 1002 Broad-
_wajr.
AL P- Chronicle bid*.. Fan Fran-
j-j^rn. frr Oakland, IVrlOy „,¦ rura' homes.
OAKLAND Fl RMsuciJ- PLATS.
«rtly furnished, tor ndulu. 541- yjiu st.. I ;
J"»JLKjLAMJ fcLK.Mrmu . .. /.. _iT
tjtre. U. Schellhaa*, llth et. cor. nore.Oailnd
PAPEItHAXGIXG. PAIXTIXG, ETC.
ROOMS papered, $3 50 up; tinting, painting.
¦ Hartmann Paint Co.. 31!) 3d st. ; tel. Main 413
| PHVSICIA.YS AXD SUB.UEOX3.
; DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
. 1021^ Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
BLOOD, skin- and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market st. ;
I REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor;
treats ail diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now-lo-
cated at 6C7 Geary «t.. near Leavenworth.
• DR. TONG- PU CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
i Tal. herb doctor; cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
; WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All Jls-
e«ye* rurert hv Chinese h<»rK«. 74R-S Clay st
PROPERTY* WASTED.
j WANTED — Farms and town property for cash
• customers. W. H. BURKE, Clifton* Springs,
I N. Y. -
i -~~—^ — —^ — <
SPECIAL NOTICES.
! PILES— PETER FREILINGS pile salve $1
per box; warranted to cure all cases of bleed-
Ing 1 , itching, external. Internal or protruding
piles without fall, no matter of how long
standing. 1C29 Devlsadero St.. near Sutter.
SPECIALISTS.
C^ATARRlTri^A7 : N^sTand~NblSES In EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
i ment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter. gt.
1 | _ STCTTERI.NG A] >'P_ _ STAJ>1MEKIXQ '
MELBOURNE System School. Van Ness and
: Market; positive cure for all. Don't delay.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
, I The following marriage licenses were Issued,
t yesterday:
Austin Q. Moulton, 23, 9iK> Page street, and
Annette A. Moulton. li>. 2SA Rausch street.
Jeremiah McCarthy, 25. 412 Foerster street,
and Elizabeth Casey, 22, 825 Harrison etreet.
Edward M. Wlegmann. 21. 1711 Page street,
and Florence Cohen, IS. 1U12 Washington st.
Peter J. McGrath. 29, city, and Emily Liebe,
. 22. Portland. Or.
I Thomas Roberts, 25, Burllngame. and Fran?
I ces Dakin. 2»!, San Mateo.
• | Wilhelm C. C. Rehquate, 30, 648 Iowa street,
. i and Lizzie Upmann, 30, city.
. Thomas Feyling, 27. 2070 Twenty-sixth
1 street, and Ida C. Swanson. 20, city.
Thomas H. Dowd, 23, 2713 Howard street,
[ and Ellen T. Marrin, 22, 40 Boyd street,
j Joseph Richert. XI. 3712H Army etreet, and
Helene Klauenberg. 21, U2S2 Mission street.
, Axel Hellstrom, 25. 194 Linden avenue, and
' Anna Nilsan. 24, 142 Linden avenue.
William S. Palmer, 21, 515 Hill street, and
• Luclle V. Trebotich, IS, 242 Lexington avenue.
James C. Poetry. 2$. Piru. Cal., and AdeMa
R. Osmont. 2«, city.
BIBTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
CASTAGNA— In this city, to the wife of Frauk
Castagna, a son.
, HELLER— In this city, August 20. 1903. to
the wife of E. C. Heller, a daughter.
KLINKEU— In this city, August 14, 1903, to
the wife of C. J. Klinker. a son.
STONE — In this city, August 21. 1903, to the
wife of John B. Stone, a daughter..
SWAN — In Alameda. August 6. 1903. to the '
wife of T. W. B. Swan, a eon.
SWEZY— In this city. August 8, 1903, to the
wife of R. D. Swezy, a son.
MARRIED.
FALK— SUMMER FIELD — In. this city. August
1«, 1003, by the Rev. Dr. J. Nleto, Hyman
Falk and Dorothy Summerfleld.
GIRARD— CONKLIN— In this city, August 19,
1903. by th» Uev. F. II. Larkln. Clementh
L. Gidard and Camille M. Conklln. both of
¦ San Francisco.
! HARTMANN— McINTYRE — In this city. Au-
gust 20, l!iO3, by the Rev. Frank K. Baker,
pastor of First M. E. Church, Louis E. F.
Hartmann and Elizabeth Mary Hclntyre,
both of San Francisco.
KOSTER — LARDNER— In this city, August
20, 1903, at Simpson Memorial M. E. Church.
by the Rev. John Stephens, Henry A. Kos-
ter and Maud E. Lardner, both of San Fran-
cisco.
NIXON— GARRETT— In this city. August 19.
1U03, at the First United Presbyterian
Church, by the R«v. H. H. Bell. Dr. Irving
T. Nixon and Ethel M. Garrett. both of
San Francisco.
______ _
Ah Kee Jones, Annie
Uarnhart. Charles Kohner. Peter
Beel. Ottilie McQualde. Daniel B.
Caulfleld. Jennie M. Miller. Myra
Demartinl, James MasgTif. Clara A.
Donovan, Jeremiah O'Connor, Owen
Doyle. Catherine A. Quinn, Peter J.
Emerson, Ida Rowan, John
Gregori, Rudolph Schonfeld. Louis
Hamerton. John W. Tietjen, Florence I.
Hoeft. Gustav Woods. Mrs. Bridget
HoIIIng,
Air KEE— In the City and County Hospital,
August 19, 1903, Ah Kee, a native ef China,
aged 52 years.
BARNHART— In this city. August 20. 1003,
Charles Barnhart. a native of New York,
aged 76 years.
BEEL — Relatives and friends are ln%ited to at-
tend the unveiling of monument in memory
of Ottilie. beloved wife of Philip S. Beel,
Sunday. August' 23. at 2:30 o'clock, at Home
of Peace Cemetery.
CAULFIELD — In this city, August 20, 1003,
Jennie M., beloved daughter of Charles H.
and Jennie R. Caulfleld. and eister of Har-
old Caulfleld, a native of New York City,
aged 13 years.
C7The funeral will take place to-day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents. 2330 Post street, thence
to Holy Cross Church, where a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at/ 10 o'clock. Interment pri-
vate In Holy Crews Cemetery.
DEMARTINI — In this city, August 20. 1903.
James, dearly /beloved son of Rosie and the
late Paul Demartini, and loving brother ot
Victor, Emello, Charley- and Lena Demar-
tinl and Mary Grondona. a native of San
Francisco, aged 33 years. A member of
Court Defiance No. 23. F. O. A.
CTfnen'Js and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
at 10 o'clock, from his late residence, 515
Union street, between Stockton and Dupont
streets, thence to Sts. Peter and Paul's Ital-
ian Church, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul.
DONOVAN — In this city. August 21, 1903
Jeremiah, beloved husband of Bridget Dono-
van, and rather of Joseph J. Donovan a
native of Kinsale. County Cork, Ireland,
aged CS years. A member of the Gentlemen's
Sodality of St. Ignatius Church, and also
the Ship Calkers' Union. (St. John, N. B.,
papers please copy.)
ICTTnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 220 Noe street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. A requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul on
Monday, August 24, at 9 o'clock, at Mission
Dolores Church. Friends are Invited to at-
tend.
DOYLE— In this city, August 21, 1003, Cath-
erine A., beloved wife of Stephen R. Doyle,
. beloved mother of Alex, Harry, Genevleve,
Dora, Kathleen and Juanlta Doyle, daughter
of Mrs. C. and the late Michael Moran, and
sister of Mrs. J. E. Whitney. Edward and
Joseph Moran and the late Mrs. G. Reslng,
a native of New York.
CCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday,
August 24, at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1216 Treat avenue, thence to St.
Peter's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
EMERSON — In this city. August 20. 1903. Ida,
beloved wife of Fred Emerson, and daughter
of E. A. O'Malley of Ottawa, Ontario, Cana-
da, a native of Canada, aged 23 years H
months and 10 days. A member of the
, Walters' Alliance No. 30.
CjS-'Frleiids and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
at 3 o'clock, from the funeral parlors of Por-
ter & White, 423 Golden Gate avenue. In-
terment Laurel H1H Cemetery.
GREGORI— In this city, August 20, 1903, Ru-
dolph, dearly beloved son of Augustina and
Narclso Gregori. brother of Albert, Rlnaldo
and Edith Gregori. and nephew of Augus-
tina and John Gandolfo, a native of San
Francisco, aged 8 years 6 months and 26
days. t ,
ETTrlenda anfl acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday
August 23. 1&03, at 1 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parenta. 2101 Larkln street, cor-
ner Vallejo. Interment Italian Cemetery.
HAMERTON— In this city. August 20 i903
John William, beloved husband . of Martha
Hamerton, father of Mrs. Lillian M. Thurs-
ton and Bert E. Hamerton. and brother of
Mrs. J. Morrison. Mrs. R_ J. Wilson. Wil-
liam C. Hamerton. Mrs. J. L. Steventoh and
Charles William Hamerton, a native of Eng-
land, aged 03 years • 1 ( month ( and. 1 day
(liatavia, N. T., papers please copy.) -- - '
CFrlends and acquaintances are 'respect-
¦ fully lnvltpd to attend the funeral' services
to-day, August 22, 1903, at , 1 :30 o'clock- at
his late residence, 64 Valley street, between
I James Henry Hansen. I
. JAMES McGINN & CO.. I
Formerly . With McGinn , Bros., ' I
-Funeral Directors and Embalmera 1
214 Eddy St.: Tel. South 676. I
! REAL ESTATE Country — For Sale.
. | ,
< FOR SALE— TOKAY GRAPE LAND.
This flaming Tckay grape land can be pur-
chased in 10-acrc tracts, in Whitaker & Hay
} Colcr.y. Oalt.. Sacramento Co., Cal., $400 a
j tract. Vt down; the Tokay grape ripens In this
¦ j locality 4 weeks earlier than In any other part
' j of the State. Grapes from thl» locality can Do
, teen in the windows at 648 Market St., 11 Mont-
pomery et. slid at the Sacramento County ex-
hitit, ferry bulidlnc.
QCICGLU. 11 Montgomery St.. care Wood-
ward & Co.. hours 9 to 10 a. m. and 12 to 1 and
4 ; i .'. p. m.. or address box 15. Gait, Sacra-
mento County. Cal.
ALFALFA lands. Etock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues stnt free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 649
Market st.
12300 BL'YS 120-acre ranch, near Yountville;
hcuse. barn, eood water; 80 acres vines.
Apply or address Owner, 916 Second St.,
Napa.
$13.0<mi — A LOVELY country home: r>0 acr»s
fruit: CO niilos. MOSSMAN. *.-»O Market rt.
' n I! \ , L ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
IiUAL estate to exchange: free nrlnted list.
Pacific Coart Ex. Bureau. 850 Market st.
UOO3IS FOIl^ IIOISEICIEEPING.
FOLSOM. 1143—2 or 5 furnished rooms (or
housekeeping ; bath and yard; cheap.
HKKBEKT (The) — Sunny apartments for
housekeeping: cas ranges; Just newly fur-
nished. 1530 Polk st.
HYDE, 412 — Nice sunny, furnished rooms;
housekeeping ; laundry and yard. *
JESSIE. 333 — Punny front room, furnished
housekpg.. $12; ofher room |10; gas ranges.
KEARXT, 104— Sunny unfurnished suite, $20;
newly papered; no children.
MCALLISTER. K?S-«-Nlcely furnished, sunny
suite; gas range, hot Lath, laundry; adults;
$15. .
POLK. 1C43. cor. Clay— 2 large, newly fur-
nished, sunny front rooms; gas range; $18. •
STOCKTON, 12CH5— Model house: nicely furn.;
K.-J1-: front; phone, gas, bath, -sunny.
TWENTY-THIRD. 372G. near Dolores— 3 sunny
bay-window rooms; nice, neat, complete.
UNION, 1S44— 2 or 3 sunny front rooms for
light housekeeping; gas range, water.
VALUSJO. 101U (Hussian HUD— t rooms, part-
ly furn; two people; rent J32 50; .marine view.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription's
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at lt'Uti
I Valencia st.
APAETMESTS TO I.ET.
'EL MONTEKEY." the clty> newest apart-
ment hotel, located on the north side of
Pine ct., between Hyde and Leavtnworth ; a
eupcrb brick building ' of Spanish architec-
ture; all the comforts of housekeeping com-
bined with the conveniences of hotel life; for
&>0 per month you can- secure here an unfur-
nished 3-rocm apartnrent. consisting of large
llvicg-rocm with gas grate and mantel, bed-
re n: with bay-window and closet: kitchen
equipped with gas range, built-in china
clCFet and hot and cold water; bathroom
with tcilet and pcrcelaln tub (hot end cold
water); this price also Includes Janitor ser-
vice eight and day and night and day elo-
Yator eervice: only ten minutes' walk from
Powell and Market; see these apartments
to-day.
ROOMS TO LET — Porn, and I'nlorn.
AA — City Room Renting Ag*ncy,
1104 Market St., cor. Turk and Market sts..
Rooms 3 a:: J i. Phone Jessie 4471.
FREE. FREE.
We locate you free of charge
in Kooms with or without board,
Housekeeping Rooms or Hotels.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms
23c to (1 per night, $1 -5 to $J per week.* and
- light houseke«ping rooms; open all nlnht.
AT 'The Almoate." 873 Marke*. et. (or No. 1
Firth sU— Rooms. 25c. 60c, $1, |1 60 night;
Jl 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
ANTLERS, 415 Turk st. — Strictly modern; 4-3
room apartments; fur. or unfur. for hskpg.
BUCHANAN, 1533, near Geary — Lovely eun-
ny rooms; $5 to $S a month; adults.
BURNETT. 14S5 Market— (eld No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rooms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 2O4 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished ronry rooms; prices reasonable.
FOLSOM, 770^ — Large room, suitable for 2
gentlemen.
FOLSOM, 634— Sunny room; closet, bath;
fl :£¦ ' . .
FOLSOM. lOOTi-i. near Sixth — Room In private
family; *4 per month.
GILLESPIE House. 119 Ninth St.— Nicely fur-
nUhrd rooms. 50c to $1 per day; phone; quiet.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Roomi 5Oc ;
to $1 SO night; $2 to $6 week; reading-room. .
GUERRERO. 1203. near Twenty-fourth — Four
unfurnished rooms; |15.
HAIGHT. 11SS— Sunny, furnished room to let.
HOTEL GRAYSTONE
66 G«ary «t- ; ptcae Bus-. 88O.
Centrally located fireproof hotel; elegantly
furnished suites, with baths and singles.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec ights: day week. mo.
S'tV. cor. Cth & Howard — 200 rms., 15e.25c.50c
night; from $1, $2. $4 week; open all night.
UNION, 2O01— Sunny furnished room in cot-
tage, with bath; $6.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy «t.. near Market
—4OO eingle and family rooms; 35c to $1
night: SI 75 to 56 week; elevator; electrio
lights: reading-room: free bus and baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
Kc to (1 50 eight; $2 to $S week; elevator;
eJec. lights: reading-room; free bus: baggage.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubscrlptlons has been established at li/.xi
Valenria Et.
ROOMS A.\D BOARD. I
AMOyTtHE t • 901~DEVl2AijEKO StI
Strictly flrst-class family hotel; sunny rooms,
suite or eingle; billiards; steam heat.
HAIGHT, 21 4 — 2 large sunny rooms; hot and
cold water; private family; with or without
board; phone Fell 23&s.
STEVENSON Mansion. 807 California st. — At-
tractlve and sightly rooms; best table and
Eervice: loweFt rates.
STORAGE IAXD WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage 4 Van Co..: furniture,
household goods stored, moved, chipped. 725-
731 Howard at., near Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell Bts.; tel. Prtv. Ex. 071.
CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
<5Ue. 333 Golden Gate ave. ; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 840
Migslcn «t.; tel. Howard 041. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving- Cora-
pany. 2320 Flllmore it-: phone Jackson 2SL
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
Et.: tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
_TYI»E WRITERS^ AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS — We
sell better machines for leas money than :ny
hc-UEe in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 530 Callfornia;telephone Main 264.
A FEW C ood typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars, L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery «t.
SD-HAND typewriters Bold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inypec. Co.. 209 Sansome.
PROFOSALS.
PROPOSALS— Bids wanted. Notice Is hereby
given that cealed proposals will be received
by the board of directors of the Veterans'
Home of California, at lu office, room 13, 320
Sansome et.. San Francisco, up to 12 o'clock
m. on Saturday. August 20, 1903, for furnish,
ing and delivering the materials and furnish-
ings for the new hospital at the Veterans'
Hcme. Napa County. Cal. (railroad station
lountviiie.) Specifications for above may be
seen and examined at the office of the board
ef directors between the hours of 9 a. m. . and
6 p. m. «ach week day. Money for payment
en contracts will be available immediately
after January I. 1904. Preference will be
given to goods manufactured In this State,
price, fitness and quality being equal, under
the provisions of Section 3247 of the Political
Code. The hoard reserves the right to reject
any or all bids and to order any quantity
ever or under the amount specified. Address
JOHN F. KHEEHAN. Secretary of the Board
cf Directors of tn» Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, room 1.1. 320 Sansome «t.. San Fran.
Cisco, Cal. By order of the hoard of directors.
JOHN F. SHEEHAN. Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. August 22 1903.—
Sealed proposals. In triplicate will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m.. September
22. 11X53, and then opened for furnishing; and
crectlns a 50,000 gallon tank on 50-foot tres-
tle, and for removing and re-errctlng a
30,000 gallon tank, at Benlcla Barracks.
Cal. Government reserves right ' to reject
cr accent any or all bids in whole or in
part. Information furnished on application
to C- A. DEVOL. Quartermaster. Chief. Q. M.
UNITED STATES Engineer Office, Burke
RldK.. Seattle. Wash.; July 25, 1903— Sealed
propo*ais for dredging Grays Harbor and
Ch«haH« niver. Wafh.. will be received here
' until 12 m.. August 25. 1903. and then pub-
licly op?ned. Information furnished on appli-
cation. JOHN MILLIS. Mai. Engineers. >
ADVERTISEMENTS.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATE/WENT
OF THE—— -
CONDITION .AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Commercial Union
ASSURANCE COMPANY, .Limited,
OF LONDON. ENGLAND. ON THE 3131
<Jay of December. A. D. 1902, and for
the year ending on that day. aa mad*; to tha
Insurance Commissioner of tbe State oi Cal-
ifornia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections
C10 and till of tbe Political Cod*, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS,
i Real Estate owned by Company... V«H.143 C9
Loans on Donds and Mortgages 21£,000 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 3;l-f>.9«t 2.1
Cash in Company's OTfico 3.232 63
Cash In Bank*. 175.730 30
¦ Interest due and accrued on all
¦ Stocks and Loan* 1.915 23
i Interest due and accrued on Bond*
i and Mcrt-c?e- 3.134. IS
i Prsmiums in due Course of Cc»l-
| lection ....'. 630.732 78
• BHIs receivable, nor Matired.
taken for Fire and Marin* Risks. ft.lt* 41
! Rents due and accrued 5,702 IT
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on looses already paid. 22 AS
Total Assets $4,073,924 7T
LIABILITIES. "
Losses adjusted and nnpalii $70,930 CO
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 213.2*5 0f»
Losses resisted. Including expenses. o.,20O 09
Orw» premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $2.29:2.-
971 30: i*lns>iranc« &4> per cent- 1.146.4S5 70
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. J--M2O.-
902 04: reinsurance pro rata... 1.11S.49* OS
Ore?* premiums on Marine andl
Inland Navigation Rl;ks, >...;!
reinsurance 10O per cent Y 51.1CS CO
Gross premiums on Marine Time i
Risk?. B ; reinsurance SO I
per cent J
Amount reclatmable by the in-
sured on perpetual Fire Insur-
ance Policies 103.41B 13
All other liabilities 134.032 42
Total Liabilities $:!.s.<U.S6l 33
INCOME.
Net ezsfc actually received for Fire
; premiums J2.S10.OS4 M
i Net cash actually received for Ma-
j rtr.» premiums X31.4SO 83
! Received for interest on Bonds and.
: Mortgages 10.408 13
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and
from ail other sources 71,37!> 41
Received, for Rents 1S-.512 83
Total Income yt.0»i.8t» 73
EXPENDITURES. ~
Nft amount raid tor Fire Losses
(including I loesea of pre-
vious years) SI. 634. 010 M
Net amount paid for Marine >
Losses (Including $ losses
of previous • years 116,813 68
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage 54S.S50 4t
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charge* for officers, clerks, etc. 142.913 43
Paid for State National and Local
taxes 72.243 19
All other payments and expendi-
tures 148.539 74
Total Expenditures '. .IZfieaVSOO 20
Fir*.
Losses incurred during tha year. .tl.e70. 433 73
Risks and Premiums. [ Fire P.lsks. j Premiums.
Net amount of Risks!
written during the)
year i$337,002.5S3 *», 034. 478 39
N«t amennt of Risks
expired daring the
year 33S.009.10l 3,702.333 99
Net amount In force
December 31. 1902. . 405.174.717 4 413.873 43
~ " ~ I liar. RIslss.! Premiums.
Net amount of Risks)
• written durlcg the
yoar $5S. 040,561 $261,239 OS
Net amount of Rl^ks!
expired Oaring tbef
year * ' *7.6«2.134 ' 272,820 5S
Net amount In forc«»|
December 31. 1002-1 4.1S3.304 84.S43 29
™~ ' C. F. MULLIN8.
Pacific Coast Branch Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. th!»
10th day of March. 1303.
M. M. RIIORER.
Deputy Insurance Commissioner.
1 416 Calif ornia Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND APFAIBS
ALLIANCE
ASSURANCE COMPANY, Limited,
OF LONDON, ENGLAND, on the Slst dar
of December. A. D. 1902. and for th«
year ending on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Cod*, condensed,
as per blank furnished by the Commissioners
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company... $173,170 at
Cash Market Value of all Stocka
and Bonds owned by Company. 637,000 00
Cash in Banks 73.863 M
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 2.230 00
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion «3.43© 81
Rents due and accrued 563 00
Due from other Companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid 2,031 93
Total^ Assets O04.317 40
LIABILITIES. ~~~ ~~
Lcsaes adjusted and unpaid $18 33
Losses to process of Adjustment JTl'l+L-
or In Suspens* ............ 10. 1 43 33
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or less.
$233.434 17; reinsurance 50 per *''¦'- .-.i
cent «••-•*»: Y- 118 > n * •*
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running mow than one year.
$118 921 22: reinsurance pro rata 63,213 43
Due and accrued for salaries, rent.
etc.. ....•¦•« 4.SW 53
Commissions and Brokerage du»
and to become due 11. 1M SS
All other Liabilities 11.397 87
Total Liabilities $217.253 W
INCOME. ' ~*
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums ,'r.VV" ?^"¦ B <« 64
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, ana
from all other sources 19.681 M
Received for Rents 13.921 5O
Total Income ,.....'... $300,111 12
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses)
Hlncludln* $5,927. lo.se, of pre-
vious years) $53,931 43
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage •• ............ 63.730 63
Paid for SaUrles. Fees and other
chances for officers, clerks, etc. . 14,1M 03
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes ••* 3.50173
All other payments and expendl- „...„.
tures ia.00* 63
Total Expenditures $134.723 87
Fire7
Losses Incurred during the year... $ S3. 743 11
Risks and Premtuma-lFlre Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount e,f Rliks)
written during tbe
W ear .- $28,230,211 $ 378.01111
Net amount of Risks
expired during tbe
year 25.163.0S3 347.3S3 34
Net amount in force
December 31. 1902. ( 25.01S.127 352.333 39
SAMUEL R. WEED, of Weed A Kennedy.
V. B. Managers.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 1 Ita
day of February. 1!M».
F. FISHBECK. Notary Pualtc
416 California Street,
San rraneiieo.
THE WEEKLY CALL
*Bi per Yeai%
C7The funeral will take place Monday,
August 24, at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her daughter. Mrs. R. W. McCann,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Croes Cemetery. '
C_T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
August 23, from San Francisco Turn Vereln
Hall, 323 Turk street, near Hyde, where
funeral services will be held, commencing at
2 o'clock. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
TIETJEN— In this city. August 19, 1903, Flor-
ence Irene Tletjen. beloved daughter of
George II. and Lizzie N*. Tletjen, and sister
of Addle, Grace, Otto, George, Elmer, Le-
land and Harry Tletjen, a native of San
Francisco, aged lu years 5 months and 8
' days. - • '
(L^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Saturday), at MO o'clock, at the
parlors of Valente. Marini & Co.. 1524 Stock-
ton street, between Union and Green, thence
direct to Cypress Lawn Cemetery by car-
riage. ,
WOODS— In this city, August 21, 1903. Mrs.
Bridget Woods, mother of Mrs. " D. Jordon
and Mrs. R. W." McCann, a native of Ire-
land.
San Jose avenue and Dolores street. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by car-
riage.
HOEFT— In this city. August 16, 1903. Gus-
tave Hoeft. a native of Germany.
E^" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday.
August 22. 1003. at 10 o'clock, from Charles
J. B. Metzler'a i. undertaking parlors, 636
' Washington street. Interment Laurel Hill
¦ Cemetery.
HOLLING — In • Ocampo, Chihuahua, Mexico,
August 20, 1003, HoIIIng, beloved
son of Mrs. Mathilda, and the late Charles
H. Holling, and uncle of Willie- and Alfred
Holling of San Francisco and Carl and Gus-
t?v Schmidt of Alameda.
JONES— In this city." August 21, 190."!. Annie,
beloved wife of Thomas Wilson Jones, and
eister. of John Keefe, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 42 years.
$y Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., TOT
Mission street, between. Third and fourth.
KOHNER — In Rio Vista. August 12. 1903.
¦ Peter Kohner, beloved brother of Mrs. Kath-
arlna Schumacher, and uncle of Freida and
.'.the late Otto P.. Edward . H. and Emma
Schumacher, a native of Germany, aged 38
years.
MeQUAIDE: — In this city, August 20, 1903_
Daniel. B., beloved son of th.e late . .Patrick
and Margaret McQualde, and brother- of J.
P., A. T. and F. D. McQuaide. a native of
San Francisco, aged 34 years. .... #
C7"Frlends Hud acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturdav), at 8:.'tO o'clock, from the parlors
of the IJenry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany, 20 Fifth street, thence to St. Roses
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celtbrated for the repesj of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MILLER— In this city. August 21. 1903. Myra
Miller, mother of Lillian, Maud, EIner, Pearl
and Ward Miller, a native of Mississippi,
aged 49 years 0 months and T days.
ICThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 76" Mission street.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
MUSGRIF — In this city, August 19, 1903, Clara
A. Musgrif, beloved wife of Eugene L. Mua-
grif, a native of Norway, aged 53 years 8
months and 9 days.
C7*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
August 23, 1903, at 2 o'clock, from Charles
J. B. Metzler's undertaking parlors, 63t>
Washington street. Interment laurel Hill
Cemetery.
O'CONNOR— In this city, August 20. 1903.
Owen, beloved husband of the late Catherine
O'Connor, father of J. M. O'Connor, Mrs.
M. TwlKg and Mrs. Klrdle Joseph, and grand-
father of Gertrude and Inez Joseph, a native
of County Kerry. Ireland, aged 84 years.
(E7The funeral will take place to-day
(Saturday), at S.'M o'clock, from his late
residence, 214 Twelfth street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul at 9 o'clock.
Interment irlvate.
QUJNN— In this city. August 21, 1903, at his
residence, 105 Tehama street. Peter J.. be-
loved husband of Annie Quinn. father of
Peter J. Jr., John J. and Thomas A. Qutnn,
Mrs. Thomas Gosiand and the late Mri».
Rosanna Shultz and Arthur Quinn, and
brother of Mrs. Annie Quirk and the late
James Quinn, a native of County Tlpperary.
Ireland, aged 04 years.
ROWAN— In this city, August 20. 190.1. John,
beloved husband of Mary Rowan, father of
James, Katie. Thomas, Martin and Mary
Rowan, and brother of 'Thomas Rowan of
Oakland, Cal., a native of the parish of
Jlenlough, County Galway, Ireland, aged 48
years,
SCHON'FELD--ln this city, August 19, 1903,
at hla residence. 546 ; Gough street, corner
Fulton. Louis, dearly beloved husband of
Catherine Schonfeld, father of Louis Jr.,
George and Hedwlg Schonfeld. brother of
Mrs. Aug. Trost of Germany and David and
the late August Schonfeli aon-ln-Iaw of
Mrs. Margarethe Hess, and brother-in-law
of Mrs. John Jebe and Mrs. EHse Meldner of
Seattle, a native of Frankenbere, Hessen,
Germany, aged 44 years 5 months and 26
days. A member of San Francisco Turn
Vereln and San Francisco Turner Schuetzen.
. (Frankenberg and New York papers please
copy.)B.F.Stoll. dentist; Halght & Masonic av.»
Mateo S. Game, a clerk, San Francisco;
filed a petition in insolvency yesterday
in the United States District Court. He
owes $598 90 and has no assets.
Insolvent Clerk.
The San Francisco Eye
Is almost constantly irritated by wind
and mineral-laden dust; Inflammation,
redness, itching and burning, followed by
granulated eyelids, are the results.
MURINE EYE REMEDY gives quick re
lief. Doesn't smart; soothes eye pain;
makes weak eyes strong. Your druggist
or optician sells Murine at 50 cents. •
WASHINGTON, Aug. 21.— Postofflce es
tablished: California— Stirling City, Butte
County, John F. Nash, postmaster.
Postmasters commissioned: California-
Joshua R. Klnser, Montpeller. Oregon—
Abrose F. Gardner, Harbor.
Fourth-class postmasters appointed:
Oregon— W. T. Carl, Alene, Douglas Coun
ty, vice Ella Carl, deceased; Thomas Tay
lor, Box. Benton County, vice Luman
Ray, resigned.
Navy orders: Past Assistant Surgeon
D. H. Morgan will report to Mare Island
Yark September 4 for examination for re
tirement, then home and wait orders.
Army orders: First Lieutenant Robert
L. Caswell, assistant surgeon from Fort
Mlley, Cal., to San Francisco, thence to
the Philippines; Major John V. White, ar
tillery, assistant adjutant general, to San
Francisco, thence to the Philippines.
Several New Postmasters Are Ap
pointed and Army and Navy
• Otders Are Issued.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
The administrator of the estate" of Lew,
Lin, a Chinese who was killed in the
railroad wreck at Byron last December,
petitioned the Superior Court yesterday
for permission to compromise his claim
for damages against the Southern Pacific
for $2500, the amount offered him by the
company. .
Would Compromise Claim.
i Palo Alto to Have an Electric Line.
PALO ALTO, Aug. 21.— The Board of
I Trustees of Palo Alto has granted to J.
F. Parkinson, a hardware and lumber
merchant here, a franchise for an elec
tric street railway to be built along Uni
versity avenue, the principal. street In the
town. In granting the franchise the
board stipulated that the holder of the
(franchise must be liable for any injury
to water pipes resulting from the ground
ing of electric, currents along the line.
The Town Board also passed an ordl
| nance prohibiting property holders from
! allowing poison oak shrubs to grow on
i their premises.
Clerk Fay of the Board of Supervisors
yesterday deposited with the City Treas
urer the check for $240 which was depos
ited by Walter Cole to bind a sewer con
tract which was awarded to him by the
Board of Works. Cole failed to enter
Into the contract, and under the charter
the check had to be declared forfeited.
Deposits Forfeited Check.
The will of Michael Mullaney, the at
torney who died suddenly a few days ago,
was filed for probate yesterday. He
leaves his entire estate to his widow.
Ellen Mullany, directing "her in the will
to pay his sister, Mary, $500 and $250 each
to his brothers, James/and Thomas Mul
lany. The will is holographic and was
made October 28, 1902.
Mullany's Will Filed.
The trial of the suit of Ignacio Alarcon
to recover $225 from the D. J. Graumann
Theater Company was begun yesterday
in Justice of the Peace Lawson's court.
Alarcon testified that he, together with
D. Castro, Rose Alarcon and Anita Alar
con, were engaged by the defendant for
four weeks at $75 per week to present a
bull fight, but only received one week's
pay and were discharged. When C. L.
Ackerman, attorney for the defendant,
characterized the act as a poor one A. B.
Treadwell. attorney for the plaintiff, vol
unteered to produce it in court, with the
bull thrown in, but Judge Lawson was
not willing^and took the case under ad
visement. i'T'liM
* Bullfighters Want Pay.
In political matters the News Letter has
the inside of everything. Its comments
on passing events are sharp, crisp and
caustic. "--
Its Financial. Insurance. Automobile,
Literary and Dramatic departments aro
all conducted by specialists. <.:•
There is a. good satire in "Our Busy
President," and a full account of how
Chinese are smuggled over the border into
the United States.
The Society department is complete, and
in the looker On department there is
some hair-raising gossip from Del Monte.
Ben C. Truman' contributes a most in
teresting and amusing letter from Wa
wona.
A leading feature of to-day's S. F.
News Letter is a lashing of the College
of Physicians and Surgeons of San Fran
cisco. Its practices are thoroughly ven
tilated.
To-Day's San Francisco News Letter.
Martin Ryan, grandfather of Anne and
Irene Johnson, was appointed guardian of
the children yesterday by Judge Graham.
One of the girls. Irene, is Just 16 years of
age John McGowan, an uncle by mar
riage, took her from the convent at Rio
Vista, where she had been placed by
Ryan, and took her to live at his home.
Ryan objected because of lack of accom
modations for a young girl, but was com
pelled to appeal to the courts before Mc-
Gowan would give her up. An hour after
the order was made yesterday Irene was
on her way to the convent at Rio Vista.
Is Returned to Convent.
Jacob Levi Sr. filed a petition in the
United States District Court yesterday
asking that Henry Wadsworth as receiver
of the Pacific Warehouse Company be
made a party defendant with the Pacific
Warehouse Company in-^.suit which he
intends to file In the Superior Court of
Contra Costa County for a partition of
the property of the company in that coun
ty. He claims an undivided half Inter
est in the property. Judge de Haven de
nied the prayer of the petition on the
ground that his court did not have juris
diction.
Levi's Petition Denied.
for the purpose. ?," *
The committee recommended that the
bill authorizing the payment of $517 for
two horses for. the Almshouse be allowed,
notwithstanding the veto of the same by
the Mayor. Superintendent Kelly of the
Almshouse said the horses were excep
tionally heavy animals, and the $17 was
the charge for transporting them from
Los Angeles.
The Supervisors* #Health Committee re
ported yesterday In favor of signing the
requisition of the Health Board for the
printing of the monthly health bulletin.
The committee takes issue with the
Mayor, who holds that the bill for the
bulletin should not be paid out of the
general fund appropriated to the Health
Board, as there is a special fund set aside
Committee Recommends Publication
of Health Bulletin and Payment
of Bill for Horses.
Get a. five years' contract to pript the Mari
time World. Mysell-Rolllns, 22 Cla£. printers. •
SUPERVISORS OVERRTJLE
* MAYOR'S OBJECTIONS
Lewis Joseph Gyarmathy petitioned the
Superior Court yesterday for leave to
change his name to Lewis Joseph Decker.
He does not like the sound of Gyarmathy
and eays that he Is too unwleMly.
Dislikes Name of Gyarmathy.
A petition to compromise for $1500 a
claim for the supposed fabulously large
fortune of Eli Hyman, the Toronto miser,
was filed yesterday by Bertha Samuels,
executrix of the estate of Sarah Hyman,
who claimed to be the miser's widow.
Hyman, who was known for years In
Toronto as an eccentric character and
who was supposed to be immensely
wealthy, died there last December. A
short time after his death Sarah Hyman,
who lived in this city, claimed the for
tune as his wife. Representatives of the
Canadian courts were sent out here to
Investigate her claims. Shortly after the
investigation she died, leaving a will in
which she devised her estate, consisting
of the claim, to her children, of whom
there arc four. They are willing to waive
all interest for $1500.
Supposed Fortune Dwindles.
There is keen rivalry between' Mrs. - M.
Ella Harris, a beauty doctor on O'Far
jell street, and L. Williams, In the same
line of business, on Geary street. • Yester
day afternoon Mrs. Harris swore to a
complaint charging Williams with crim
inal libel. The alieged libel was contained
in a circular issued by Williams and in
which, according to the Harris complaint,
reflections are cast on the lady doctor's
skill. Williams was arrested last night
and released on cash bail.
Mrs. M. Ella Harris Alleges That L.
Williams Has Grossly Li
beled Her.
BEAUTY DOCTOR WANTS
MALE RIVAL ARRESTED
The death of Florence Tietjen, 15 years
and five months old, is being investigat
ed by Coroner Leland. The girl re-
Eided with her parents at 530 Sanchez
etreet, and early la_st Wednesday morn
ing died. The parents informed the Cor
oner that a married man living In the
neighborhood was responsible for ¦what
had happened. The police were notified
and Detective Ross Whitaker was de
tailed on the case.
Married Man Accused.
ST. PAUL, Minn., Aug. 21.— The con
dition of Major Charles E. Kilbourne,
paymaster of the Department of the Da
kotas, who is" seriously ill in Cobb's Hos
pital, Is unchanged.
Major Kilbourne Seriously HI.
The financial statement of the Board of
Education for July, 1903, Issued yesterday,
shows that the expenditures of the School
Department for "all purposes were m $104.
203 20. As the total appropriation for the
year is $1,243,000, and, one-twelfth of this
School Fund Overdrawn.
Miss Theresa Her.dry. a nurse, was con
victed by Police Judge Mogan yesterday
on a charge of disturbing the peace, but
sentence was postponed till August 2S to
see how she behaves herself meantime.
She went' to Whittier. Coburn & Co.'s
warehouse, 18 Fremont street, on August
IT and raised a disturbance. She told the
Judge she had a grievance against W. F.
Whittier of ten years' standing and
wanted reparation and damages. The
Judge told her that she was cither a
blackmailer or insane and warned her to
ketp away from the warehouse at IS Fre
mont street in future.
Either Insane or a Blackmailer.
The Board of Public Works yesterday
sent out Officer Beach with a two-horse
truck and two helpers to remove boot
black stands maintained on sidewalks.
When the stand on Fifth street, near
Market, was attacked Beach proceeded to
cut the electric wires leading to the stand.
He used a pair of nippers with rubber
protectors, but he received a severe shock.
He finally placed the stand on the truck
and removed It to the corporation yard.
When Beach started to remove the boot
black stand at Market and Eighth streets
the proprietor objected and said he would
cut up his stand for firewood, which he
did. Beach moved four stands In all to
the corporation yard and will continue the
worW to-day.
The Board of Works complains of tne
tactics of Thomas Keogh, attorney for
the bootblacks. When a suit was brought
to test the matter Keogh asked the board
< h> stop procedure until Its right to re
move the stands was settled. The board
agreed and then Keogh filed suits on the
part of eighteen more bootblacks to re
strain the board from removing them
from sidewalks. The board will now
move all stands not represented in re
straining orders.
Board of Works Delegates Officer
Beach to Remove Those Main
tained on Side-walks.
Clifford A. Cova\t. a dentist, who claims
the right to practice in this State on the
strength of his diploma from the Kansas
City College of Dentistry, brought a suit
yesterday for a writ of mandate compell
ing the State Board of -Dental Examiners
to issue him a license. -He claims that a
license to practice Is refused him, not
withstanding that he is a competent den
tist and has paid the fee demanded.
Dentist Sues for License.
Miss Tlllie Johnson, 1211 Howard street,
secured a warrant from Police Judge Mo
gan yesterday for the arrest of W. S.
Baddely on a charge of threats against
life. She said she had been keeping com
pany with Baddely, who was a bartender
out of a Job, but when she learned that
he had acquired the opium habit and was
a married man she refused to see him
again. Two weeks ago he called at her
house ¦ and showed her sister a revolver
and a bottle of vitriol, telling her. It is
alleged, that he Intended to kill Tillle.
She is now engaged to be married to an
employe at the Unique Theater and on
Thursday night Baddely" went there in
search of her and told her fiance that he
was going to take Tillie's life.
Mrs. Lizzie Waterman, Twenty-first
avenue and J street South, secured a war
rant from Judge Mogan for the arrest of
E. E. Waterman, her husband, who is a
housemover, on a charge of threats
against life. She said that her husband
on Monday night put a butcher knife
against her throat and told her he would
cut off her head. She left the house that
night, taking her two babies with her.
Waterman was arrested a few months
ago for the same offense, but promised
Judge Conlan to behave himself.
Warrants Obtained for the Arrest of
W. S. Baddely and E. E.
Waterman.
WOMEN DECLARE THEIR
LIVES ARE THREATENED
RESUMES CRUSADE AGAINST
BOOTBLACK STA2TDS
amount is $103,750, the fund was over
drawn by $453 20. There still remains an
unexpended balance of $47,778 51 in the
fund of the last fiscal year.
The Joint Committee on Judiciary and
Health of the Board of Supervisors agreed
yesterday to recommend the passage of
an ordinance extending the limits within
which it is unlawful to keep more than
two cows. Action was taken on the pe
tition of the University Mound and Bay
View Improvement Club, which desires to
eliminate nine dairies from, the districts
named on the ground that the driving of
cattle through the streets is a nuisance.
The ordinance will be considered by the
full board on Monday, August 31, when
all interested parties will be heard.
Relief for Residents in Univer
sity Mound Districts.
Supervisors' Joint Committee Favors
RECOMMENDS. EXTENSION
OF THE COW LIMITS
Max Katzauer, proprietor of a cigar
store at Third and Townsend streets, was
held to answer yesterday in $3000 bonds
before the Superior Court on a charge of
receiving stolen goods. He was' charged
with buying, two cases of cigars that had
been stolen April 8 from a Southern Pa
cific car on the way to Yuma, Ariz. The
arrest was made by Special Officer Lewin
of the Southern Pacific and Detective Ser
geant T. L. Ryan. '
A motion to dismiss was argued by At
torney T. P. Rlordan for the defendant
and Attorney Frank Kelly for the prose
cution. Riordan in his argument laid
stress upon the fact that C. C. Crowley,
chief, special officer of the Southern Pa
cific, had seen the stolen cigars in Kat
zauer's store a week before his arrest
and had told him to go on selling them,
but to keep an empty box. The company
claims that a large number of cases of
cigars have been stolen from cars this
year and every effort is being made to
trace the thieves.
Max Katzauer Is Accused of Re
ceiving Cigars Stolen From
Railroad Cars.
PROPRIETOR OF CIGAR
STORE HELD TO ANSWER
The flanks were extinguished before
much damge was done, and shortly after
Ruetten returned to his f-at he reported
to the officers that during his absence
some one had entered his bedroom and
stolen a gold watch and $5. Detectives
Regan and O'Connell have been detailed
on the case.
John Ruetten, who occupies a. flat at 525
Sixth street, notified Policemen Bruce
o.nd Herlihy about 3 o'clock yesterday
morning that the building was on flre.
Herlihy turnc-d in an aiarm and Bruce
awoke" the sleeping Inmates by ringing
the doorbells and pounding on the doors,
and most of them ran into the street
without taking time to fully dress them-
THIEVES OPEBATE DUTELING
FTBE ON SIXTH STREET
Geld Watch and Coin Are Stolen
From Clothing Left in a
Bedroom- .
Since tbe con%-lctlon of Quon Quock
Wah for the Burder of Tom Tick of the
Chinese Educational Society there have
been rumors cf projected murders in
Chinatown, and one of the prospective
victims is said to be Ching Yuen Law.
Ching Yuen Law Is a native son and a
member of the Suey Sing tong. He was
employed by the nine presidents of tongs
arrested for the murder of Tom Tide to
act as interpreter during the trial of
Quon Quock Wah. Loo Dee, president of
the Suey Don tong, is one of those under
arrest. He owned a beautiful slave girl,
6:ng Gun, who lived at 920 Sacramento
street, and durir.g his incarceration Ching
Yuen Law fell in love with Sing Gun, and
his affection was reciprocated.
On Thursday Ching Yuen Law procured
a marriage license and that night he took
Sing Gun to the Chinese Presbyterian
Mission, on Sacramento street, where
they were married.
As soon ap . the members of the Suey
Don tong learned of the marriage they
held a meeting, and it is said they de
cided upon killing Ching Yuen Law for
the insult offered by him to their presi
dent in stealing and marrying his clave
pirl, who was valued at $2500. The Suey
Sing tong held a meeting yesterday and
decided that if any harm was done to
Ching Yuen Law they would have a life
for a life War Is predicted.
The Bing Kong tong may also be drawn
Ir.to the fight, as a reward of $300 was
offered yesterday for the head of Wong
Fong. one oi its members. He was also
employed as an interpreter by the nine
presidents, and it is claimed that he got
$3000 for a certain purpose which he failed,
to carry Into effect.
The Greeks already mentioned fell into
the hands of the secret service men AP ril
17 of this year. They were indicted' for
conspiring to make counterfeit five and
ten dollar ooins. Agent Hazen learned
that Johnson was known in Seattle as
Harry C. Patrick, where he worked as
a waiter and attempted to get three other
Greeks in that place to engage with him
in counterfeiting. Secret Service Agent
Bell went on the trail and the wily Greek
escaped to San Francisco. He was shad
owed in this city by Agents Moffitt and
Foster under instructions of Agent Ha
zen and his meetings with Triantopolis
and Tsoucas were noted. Patrikioupoulou
was the ringleader and entered Into ne
gotiations with steel engravers to have
the dies cut. When things were ripe each
Greek was /taken into custody, and all
made confession, each blaming the others
for getting him into trouble. Had they
not been prevented by the secret service
men from getting the dies made they
would have flooded the market with very
dangerous counterfeits.
A batch of counterfeiters were brought
before United States District Judge de
Haven yesterday morning to plead to the
indictments against them. George Brown,
alias R. R. Lambert, pleaded guilty of
having counterfeiting tools in his pos
session and was ordered to appear on
Monday for sentence. George Trlanto
polis. alias George Rose, pleaded guilty
of conspiring to manufacture counterfeit
coins. James Tsoucas pleaded not guilty
of the same offense, and Christos Patrlk
ioupoulou, alias Chris Johnson, alias
Harry C. Patrick, was given until Mon
day to plead.
Brown is 60 years of age and very fee
ble. It Is not probable that he will live
to complete the term of imprisonment to
which he will be sentenced on Monday.
He has been a criminal and a jail bird
for fifty years, counterfeiting being his
hobby. In California his record dates
backto 1SS0. when he was sent to the pen
itentiary on a four years' sentence. In
1S91 he began a ten years' sentence of im
prisonment, and in 1S98, soon after hav
ing be-en released, he was sentenced to
five years' imprisonment. He was re
leased in May, 1902. and March 24, 1903.
was arrested In his room at 43S Broadway,
whither he had been shadowed by United
States Secret Service Agents Hazen and
Moffitt. The officers found concealed in
his room a large quantity of molds and
other tools for the manufacture of base
coin. During the past month Brown has
been in the City and County Hospital un
der guard.
United States District Attorney Wood
worth appeared before United States Cir
cuit Judge Morrow and United States
District Judge de Haven yesterday and
induced them to sign the following rule
of court, which will remedy the evil:
Rule in relation to applications for writs
of habeas corpus:
Every petition for the issuance of a writ or
habeas corpus by or on behalf of any person
claiming the right to enter or land in the
United States as a native born citizen thereof
must set forth that the right of such person
to so enter or land has been denied by the
Commissioner of Immigration for the Port of
San Francisco, and there must also be filed
with such petition a duly certified copy of the
eald order or ruling of the Commissioner of
Immigration.
No writ of habeas corpus for the purpose of
determining the right of any person to enter
or land in the United States as a native born
citizens thereof will be Issued unless the fore
going requirements of this rule are complied
with, except when the petition alleges andt It
Is shown to the satisfaction of the court that
ivi examination of the right of such person to
enter the United States has been delayed by
the proper officer for an unreasonable length
of time, in which case the petition shall set
forth the facts showing such delay. • .
- W. "VV. MOItROW.
United States Circuit Judge Northern Circuit
of California.
. . JOHN J. DE HAVEN.
United States District Judge Northern District
of California. *
San Francisco. Aug. 21, 1903.
A check was provided yesterday
through the efforts of United States Dis
trict Attorney "Woodworth against the
schemes of brokers engaged in landing
Chinese that fraudulently claim to be na
tives of the United States. It has been
customary among this class of schemers
to apply for writs of habeas corpus for
their clients, alleging that they are citi
zens of the United States and are being
held in custody illegally by the steamship
officials. When the applications for the
writs are granted the Chinese immigrant
is taken by the United States Marshal
to the County Jail, there to await his ex
amination. While there his friends coach
him on the story they wish him to tell in
order to secure his admission to this
country. This is done before the officials
of the Chinese Bureau have had an op
portunity of taking the immigrant's state
ment on board the ship and the state
ment often contradicts those of the wit
nesses on shore.
Becker describes the men as follows:
One five feet ten inches tall, weight about
150 pounds, 24 years of age, clean shaven
and wearing a light overcoat; the other
five feet seven inches tall, weight 145
pounds, 28 years of age, with a mustache
and wearing a sack suit. Detectives Gra
ham and Fitzgerald have been detailed
on the case.
Becker walked up to them and asked
them what they were doing there a"nd the
taller of theV two replied that they were
v.aiting for the Mission owl car. The
burglar had his right hand in his over
coat pocket and Becker heard something
jingle in his pocket. He stretched out
his hand to feel what was in the pocket
when the burglar quickly drew a revolver
and fired a shot at Becker, who promptly
drew Jiis revolver and returned the fire.
The burglar started to run away and his
companion opened fire upon Becker and
also started to run. Becker gave chase
down Eighteenth street to Guerrero,
along Guerrero to Dorland and along Dor
land to Dolores, where he lost sight of
them. Becker fired three shots, but does
not know how many were fired at him.
At Seventeenth street Becker met Ser
geant Blank and Policeman F. Smith, but
they had not seen any men running in
that direction. They searched the local
ity thoroughly, but could find no trace
of the desperadoes. They went to the
scene of the shooting and found in front
of Hoegeman's saloon a large sized "jim
my." Sergeant Blank extracted a 44
caiiber bullet from a telegraph pole near
the saloon.
Two burglars and Policeman Louis J.
Becker had a running gun fight out in
the Mission early yesterday morning and
although several shots were fired none of
the bullets took effect. The burglars,
after being chased for several blocks,
succeeded in making their escape.
Becker was patrolling his beat on Guer
rero street shortly before 4 o'clock yes
terday morning and observed two men
coming from the direction of Nineteenth
street. * They turned up Eighteenth street
and he fololwed them. He saw them
standing in the doorway of Julius Hoege
man's, saloon and when they noticed him
they stepped out of the doorway.
Suits for divorce were also filed by
Margaret McKinnon against Thomas Mc-
Kinnon for cruelty, James F. Gibbons
against Sarah I. Gibbons for cruelty, and
Olga Kroeger against J. C. Kroeger for
desertion.
Suits for divorce were filed by Nettle B.
Craig against Cyrus O. Craig and Chria«,
tian Gerniuiller against Julius John Ger
muiller. Mrs. Craig, who was married at
Warren, Minn., three years ago and who
has one child, charges neglect and ask's
for $30 a month alimony. Mrs. Germulller
charges desertion, alleging that her hus
band abandoned her more than a year
ago. C
Chief Emergency Surgeon Edwin Bun
nell was granted a divorce for desertion
from Mary R. Bunnell by Judge Kerrigan.
It was provided by stipulation that the
two children of the couple should remain
in the custody of Mrs. Bunnell and that
the doctor should pay her $50 a month for
their support and education. It was also
provided that a further sum of $50 a
month should be paid Mrs. Bunnell by her
former husband for her own support, this
to remain in effect for the rest of her
natural life, provided she doea not marry
again.
Judge Graham made an order giving
Ferdinand . L. Ramon permission to visit
his child, who is In the custody of his di
vorced wife, on every other Sunday and
as often as he likes on week days. The
order was made, on complaint of Ramon,
who claimed that Mrs. Ramon insulted
him when he made the visits. The whole
Ramon family, as well as the relatives
of Mrs. Ramon, were in court during the
proceedings and made it a lively session
by air striving to talk at once.
Judge Graham granted W. F. Becker a
divorce from Mae Becker on the ground
of habitual intemperance.
Captain Going's testimony was that he
was married at Yokohama , in October,
1895. He lived there with his wife until
September, '1901, when he came to this
city and took up his residence. His wife
refused to accompany him and in re
sponse to one of his letters requesting
her to Join him here wrote and curtly in
formed him that she would not live In
California. His evidence was corrobo
rated by that of Bemiss and Kelsey and
they both testified that they were posi
tive the Goings had not lived together
since September, 1901.
} Philip Going, captain of the steamship
America /Maru, was granted a divorce
*rom Mary Going for desertion by Judge
Murasky yesterday. The testimony was
taken by a commissioner and was fur
nished by Captain Going and L. E.
Bemiss and N. E. Kelsey, respectively
purser and freight clerk of the America
Maru.
Ching Yuen Law May Be
Slain for Joining Ranks
of Benedicts.
Has Spent Fifty Years of
His Life in Various
Penitentiaries.
Lively Battle in the Early
Morning in Which No One
Morrow and * De Haven Will
Not Issue Writs In
Certain Cases.
Refuses to Join Him Here
and He Gets Divorce
for Desertion.
Her Owner Is in Prison
Waiting Trial for
1 Murder.
Two Burglars Escape
After a Fight With
Pistols.
Octogenarian Criminal
Will End His Days
in JaiL
United States District
Attorney Closes .
the Gates.
Mrs. Philip Going Stays
at Yokohama With
out Her Husband.
MARRIES SLAVE
GIRL FOR LOVE
COUNTERFEITERS
PLEAD GUILTY
EXCHANGE SHOTS
WITH POLICEMAN
GUARD AGAINST
CHINESE TRICKS
MARINER'S WIFE
PREFERS JAPAN
THE SAN FKANCISGO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 22, 1903.
16
ADVERTISEMENTS. 1_
EEBHgfflHEBHHBEBBHHBBHHn-HHBBa-flBBHBBBEHHBBBHIjB
aG . — — °g
1 HARKS "BROS/ Au^ ust Sa8e I
I And Its Decisive Price features. |
I OUR RIBBON DEPARTMENT IS A MATCHLESS DISPLAY ii
a of Beautiful Ribbons- Latest Ribbon Noveitles T!e_ Free of Charge. g|
1 jl5cperYd.| 1 5c per Yd. J |!8cperYd.| ¦
S3 Satin Taffeta Rib- Fancy Wash Rib- Taffeta Ribbon. 5 g
Of bon 4 inches wide. bon, 3V4 Inches wide; inches wide; excellent H
g RpK. value :5c. - all colors. quality and finish. gj
§ PEERLCSS^ARCAINS IN CHILDREN'S WHITE DRESSES. S
1 I 5Oc I I £>8c| 1 $1.45 J §
¦¦ | - l____________B_«_____________J - - _________ 1 ___________ 1 ___J __
| Child's Cambric Child's India Linon Child's drew mad* g
1 Dress; yoke trim- Dress; s q uare yoke. *££*£ *£? ££ g
D med with hem- trimmed with tucks stitched tucks; bottom JJ
H stitched tucks and and embroidery in- »' skirt trimmed with H
g -Valenciennes lace. sertion. Reg. price. Vce x£ S
g Reg. price, 75c v n.50. price. ?2.oo. jjj
| WOMEN'S KNIT UNDERWEAR CHEAP. §
n -ffv - jr\ _-k Imported Wool Swiss II JSE» Heavy-weight Vests; 52
a &Lr H BinU Kibbed Vfsts; Ions £*"fefl» lonp sleeves; pants to 0
£1 _rs B SOSfl sleeves; all colors. II «B«»«» match; colors white or i
EU H • VK VT Reg . value. $1.50. || ~k^ V~ ecru, Reg. value. COc. 2
— 3 §>*-^F i — : 1 »
gj Our Knit Underwear on Special Sale To-Day are «
i! samples of both Imported and Domestic kinds which «]
¦ we have gathered from makers and Importers. a
* i i 1 1 i i ¦ I mm
| EXCELLENT VALUES IN HOSIERY. B
1 25C [1 I2ic I8C |
g Ladle,' Lace Lisle Ladies' White Foot R^d^se; B d S ¦
¦* All Over or Lace Front Hose;, excellent qual-, heel# toe and knee, gg
q Hose. Reg. price, 35c. lty. Reg, value 20c. Reg. price 25c. fg
S ADVANCE FALL STYLE IN BELTS. g
g 25c BLACK SILK BEL ___________f_______ OTH F * 0NT A^ D 25c S
| TASTEFUL DESIGNS IN VEILING. i
m Chiffon Drape Veils, II 7«p Mourning VEILS. H
¦ iflff^.nemstltchedandrancy 75 | Q * Z g
B /I n^|*^- borders; all colors; 1V4 Drapes. Best quality. S
Q3 HrVg|> yards long. ¦ || $1-25 1% yards long. »
B 2 UNPARALLELED SPECIALS IN CORSETS. g
H C^'o.'rrVif Frnnt __ _. "^ _v' _t ERECT form COR- m
H MK btraignt rrotlt f \ /Y A'A SET - Hose supporters 5
I I/Un Corset, medium Ufa] I II I VnTlfv^? 5
Hi / rVI* HI'P; hose SUp- V^ J' § B Best Quality Italian B
ffl I _ II I norters attached:". A l f I I 1 1 I s ateen. Asfc i or any ii-
ia I 0 Ii /-£ ? " «r S t )Ui _ \J \J make or 8tyIe - Double M
n v V/ V Gray or, uiacic. \/rVI %• \s side steels. Price h
gj Sizes^l8 to 30- $2.00. g
S 4 Striking Designs In Lace Collars— Cape or Stole Effect, g
m *1 75 *2_!5 ! S2.75 and S3 .50 are the POPULAR prices for the very, NEW- j
S EST EFFECTsT In VENETIANTcOLLARS. Colors. ARABIAN, CREAM and 5
™ • BLACK. An abundance of styles to select FROM. . g
g HANDKERCHIEF DEP'T.— Here's a Rich Find for Ladies. ¦
n O~ tc Drice placed upon all our 8 l-3c HANDKERCHIEFS. Qf» {31
«j PC LINEK HANDKERCHIEF made with a deep hemstitched border. OW gj
S TRADING"-- STAMPS GIVEN < WITH EVERY PURCHASE. _j
K SEND FOR OUR ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE. " ¦ jjg
! ...MARKS BROS... \
I 1 220-22-24 Market St., Bet. Taylor and Jones^B
¦
ADVZBTISEMZNTS.
Bxe overcome by Lydia E. Pink- X
ham's Vegetable Compound.
Miss Mcnard cured after doc-
tors failed to help her.
** Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound cured me after
doctors had failed, and I vrant
otter girls to know about it Dur-
ing menstruation I suffered most
intense pain low in the abdomen
and in my limbs. At other times I
had a heavy, depressed feeling
which made my work seem twice
as hard, and»I grew pale and thin.
The medicine the doctor gave me
did not do me one bit of good, and
I was thoroughly discouraged. The
doctor wanted me to stop work, but,
of course, I could not do that. I
finally began to take Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound
and felt better after taking the first
bottle, and after taking six bottles
I was entirely cured, and am now
in perfect health, and I am so grate-
ful for it."— Miss Geobgib Menabd.
G37 E. 152nd St. New York City.---
(tOOO forfeit if original of abooe letter provln?
genjineness cannot be produced.
Lydia E. Pinkbam's Vegetable
Coinr ound cures female ills when
all other means bare failed.
~~ $&jBlLz4ff ~ffl m New Shade* in
Corset. J=*.^^^^Gooi> OOOB£^^ _____
ISOSample Neck Ruffs
'A quick Saturday chance to get a pretty neckpiece for half
money.
$i. 5 o lot-Values up to. ... . ¦- • -$ 2 '5° an^ f3-«>
$2.00 lot— Values up to. ...... ... & | - • -$3oO and $4.50 s
$3.50 lot— Values up to.. $5.50 and $6.50
You would not think they were samples. They're in such fine con-
dition. They're all representative pieces of this season s styles^ made ; of
liberty silk, chiffon and silk netting, trimmed with narrow •ribbons, ruch-
ings and laces. They all have long fancy, ends; come in solid black or
black and white combined.
No two alike. They'll make choosing interesting, and more
• profitable for first comers than the late ones.
Brushes— All Kinds Black Taffeta Ribbons
_For a Saturday sale. fere's- a new move in black
If any one wants brushes to- taffeta ribbons — the bright
day, or will want them in the looki nS kind, with that good
near future, this is the time to When you tie them up
5c 'buys a soird back hand brush. * Note the prices — yes, but note
20c sets a solid back bristle clothes f i ni1 oi;t,Ve *nn
brush (large S!ze). / _ " in C qualities, tOO.
25c buys a gents' hat brush, curved han- Na 2 3c yard. 30c piece
die. oak or rosewood finish. No. 3 4 C yaTt j, 40c piece
25c b-Jvs a bristle hair brush, 9 r o w ? , No. 5 5c yard. 43c piece
pure white bristles, with pollsnea . >r o . 7 e>-4c yard. 60c piece
back. , . ' N'o. 0 8 l-3c yard. SOo piece
25c buys a genuine bristle hand brush. N'o. 12 ioc yard. *1 piece
polished rosewood back, solid. go, 18 1214c yard. $1 20 piece
25c buys a long handled bath brush No. 22 15c yard $1 40 piece
with mlTort hri«itlps No - *° 17c yard. $1 65 piece
oO^bSys^ifalr'bruIn: real bristles (11 Ig* yard! |l 05 piece
rows), solid rosewood back. ". »?<*... _,c yard. $- 20 piece
But maybe it's a comb you want * nis is a splendid quality at the price
to-day. Listen: j 7Z7~. : >
n . . in- 1 his morning: 1200 pairs new
8-in. Rubber Dressing Comb We. Lace Stockings at 19c
Coarse and fine teeth-good back. ._
; They're on the counter first time
$10.00 Feather DOaS this morning. Not only one
( -n in Inntr \ st y le ' but ei S ht entirely new open-
b° vu l0 "S-) . W ork ideas. It's a lacy stocking
The ordinary $10 boas are only 36 women are so crazy after just now.
inches long. These are made of se- Quite remarkable to find a bar-
lected ostrich fibers, full and fluffy, ga j n n them at this time. They
black and gray. also have full fashioned feet,
which is not to be had in stockings
Molasses Taffy IOC . g?der 25c Sizes for. every one,
It comes in bars. Each one wren's Cotton Hose 12J^c.
IS Wrapped. . Black. 3 styles, soma with white feet.
¦¦ r . . , ,. ,, , others with ribbed elastic tops, all extra
That IS Only , half the Candy heavy, with double heels. »oles and toes.
news Hale's have to-day. The' Infants' Stockings 12j4c.
nthpr hnlf k' - bIack and s^ m^ s s; also pin* and light
UU1CI nan is . b j ue . 4 i£ to 6.
Crisp Wafers, 25c. Boys' and Girls' Stockings 12^c.
They're ground with nuts and flavored „*«&•
with strawberry peppermint molasses loRg and eU w , th double k
and chocolate. It s a new dainty— dell- and toes
cious and appetizing. '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Lundstrom
nats
Are "correct hats for all'
heads." Thinking about buy-
Ing a new hat? Come to us
and do your thinking. We
can meet your figure and
match your face so as to give
you style, comfort and satis-
faction.
We've a hundred different
styles. Two prices,
$2.50 and $3.50
Pacific Coast
Hat Works,
"The Big Busy^Hat Shop."
1458 Market Street,
Opposite Central Theater,
And 605 Kearny Street.
SOHMIAN
Pun, Pale «nd Sparkling. Botfle4
Only at the Brewery in Su Louis.
.sold everywhere:
HILBKitT MERCANTILE CO..
k P?» rifle Coast Agents.
CONEY ISLANP
OCEAN BOULEVARD. 2 Blocks Below «»•
Cliff House.
SUNDAY,Xugust 23.
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
GRAND CONCERT.
DARING BALLOONASGENSION
parachutF leap
B) MLLE. ANETI, the Celebrated Ladj
¦ Aeronaut.
|||1|| PARKER'S ;
Im I BA1SAM
1 \ Promotes the growth of thd hair and ! ¦
!' gives It the lustra and sHlrlnesa of yocta. ; !
i wten tne talr la gray or faded it ;
J ! BRINGS BACK THE YOUTHFUL COLOR. !
J I It prevents Dandruff and hair **r»*g ! '
! ( and keeps Gie scalp clean and healthy. : !
ka uc&H« K it* i 'sji fir t9
HI tH tUt In
ES th M El'J K?^!a EFa ROC 3k HoBk HI
EVERYJuSSlTH)