6Atf x FRANCISCO, FKID AY, AUGUST 21, 1903.
Loud Cheers
for General
Miles.
VETERAN'S LEAVING - THE "GRAND OPERA-HOUSE, • WHERE THEIR THIRTY- SEVENTH NATIONAL CON
VENTION IS. BEING ..HELD,: AND TWO DISTINGUISHED SOLDIERS WHO WERE'ELECTED TO HIGH
OFFICES IN- THE GRAND .ARMY -OF ; THE 'REPUBLIC. • U . < ;.>"'• • .
LONDON, Aug. 21.— A Brussels dispatch
to the Daily Telegraph says it is stated
there that x a «ecret agreement was re
cently concluded by which France will
not permit any aggression against the
Congo Free State or any violation of Its
territory.
Protects Congo Free State.
Vf» ENERAL JOHN C. BLACK.
J&^ V the; newly elected
|sf JST' : ' er in chief of the Grand Army
M B ¦¦ of, the Republic, has adistin-
guished record.
I When the great war came
John C. Black a student at Wabash
College, Crawfordsville, Irid. . His first en
listment, for • three j months* service, was
on Sunday, April 14, 1881 (the ¦ day after
the surrender of' Fort Sumter), as a; pri
vate In Company I, Eleventh Indiana
Volunteer . Infantry, . commanded : . by
Colonel Lew Wallace. .Soon after. he > was
promoted sergeant major of the, regiment.
His first fight was at Romney, ..W. w Va.,
June "11, 1861. - Atv the close of. his j first
term of service he returned- tojhls-home
in Danville,' 111.^assisted In raising a'com
pany ; * for the -Thirty-seventh Illinois -.Vol
unteer Infantry' and . was ! elected, its cap
tain. Upon thaj organization "of , the, regi
ment he was " made its ' major, and ; was
subsequently - promoted '.. to lieutenant
colonel and to • colonel, : and V. later, "ivas
given the rank 'of i brevet^ brigadier/ gen
eral, * each promotion* gained for .gallant
and meritorious service In battle. At Pea
PROMINENT IN CIVIL LIFE.
.. Appointed ~ Commissioner '•¦ of .. ' Pensions
March 7, 1S85, ; the fact that General BJack
administered fthe affairs of.'- that'' great
trust,'! so ' vitally *' important - to old -vet-,
efans,' to the entire satisfaction"; of his
comrades of war .•"approving and granting
about -300 ,000 'pensions during; his four
years' term. Including 71,000 original pen
sions' : to the soldiers 'of v tne great • war.
others ; heing . for .Mexican war service',
widows, minors, .increase," etc.V-*peak vol
umes 'i for his administrative capacity;
ability; and ; fidelity.
- GerieraliBlack was elected Congressman
at 'Large'; from* the State ; of Illinois in
Ridge he was severely wounded: In the
right arm. land at. Prairie Grove his left
arm 'was disabled and. remains 'so to this
day.' In the campaign and siege of Vlcks
burg and -. on other historic fields he . gal
lantly bore his part. : His last battle was
at the storming of the Blakeley batteries
in the Mobile j campaign,- April- 9, 1865. , the
day of Lee's surrender r at Appomattox.
He' resigned j In August, 1865." af ter/a con
tinuous i service of • four ' ye'ars ~ and four
months. -.-,.•".
MEN SELECTED TO HIGH OFFICE BY COMRADES
HAVE MOST DISTINGUISHED RECORDS.
ROME, Aug. '20. —In official circle* It Is de
clared that the fact that Italian war vessels
are preparing to start for Turkish waters
No Break Has Occurred In the Rus
sia-Austria Agreement.
ITALY IN THE LEAGUE.
GREEKS MAKE APPEAL.
Hundreds of Macedonian Houses Are
Destroyed by Dynamite.
NEW YORK. Aug. 2L— A special to the
Tribune from Athens says:
M. Ball!. Premier and Foreign Minister,
has presented to the representatives of
the powers here the gist of reports made
by the Greek Consuls In Macedonia, In
which it 's stated that the Greek church
schools and 322 houses belonging to Greeks
at Ketchero have been blown up by dy
namite and burned, and that a number of
Greek subjects have been killed. M.
Ralll appeals to the powers to end tha
excesses In Macedonia, from which, ha
says, the Greeks are greater sufferers
than the Bulgarians and '-urks.
1S92. He served as United States District
Attorney for the Northern District of Illi
nois from 1S95 "to 1893. He was a member
of the Board of Managers for the Na
tional Homes for disabled volunteer sol
diers for twelve years. He is president
of .the board of trustees of the Illinois
Soldiers' and Sailors' Home and president
of the Illinois Vlcksburg Park Commis
sion. Altogether General Black has given
about twenty years* services for ex-sol
diers without fee or reward. :
.' For many years General Black has prac
ticed law, in Chicago.
COLONEL KINNE KNOWN HERE.
Past Department Commander C. Mason
Kinne, elected senior vice commander in
chief, is well known in San Francisco and
has been connected, with the Grand Army
since the first post was formed on this
coast, .being a charter member of post
No.'l. He, is a Benlor past post com
mander in the department and has served
two, terms as department commander. He
is also a member of the Loyal Legion and
A negro employed by Captain Griffln,
when searched, was found to have the
keys of the stable, a bloody knife and
blood on his hands and clothing, and he
was at once arrested by citizens.
HALIFAX. N. C. August 20— A negro
¦who confessed to having assaulted and
murdered Mary Jenkins, a 13-year-old
white girl, was to-night hanged by a mob
to a tree and his body riddled with bul
lets. The negro confessed after the noose
had been placed around his neck. After
disposing of the negro the mob, which
made no attempt at concealment, dis
persed. The body of the child was found
in the stable of Captain Griffin, her
grandfather, to-night, with her throat cut
from car to ear.
Infuriated Citizens Riddle the Body
• of the Fiend With
0 Bullets.
NEGRO CONFESSES CRIME
AND IS HANGED BY MOB
The observance of Memorial day was of a
character to assure us that the heart of the'
people of the land Is still In sympathy with
the beautiful and impTessivo service. There
have been, as there always will be, some who
will disregard the obligations that rests upon
all the people to pay tribute to those whose
valor secured them the blessings and the se
curity which tWs and future generations will
enjoy and share. We cannot but hail with
delight the participation in the ceremonies of
the school children of the land. I believe that
in this direction la one of the ways. If not
the surest way. to perpetuate the day. We
roust ' invoke aid in the work. Our lumbers
grow less and the sacred mounds increase' in
number with each passing year. In many \&.
callties- appropriate services are "held In the
public schools, and the children told the "story
of the days of .the war. and the meaning of
the service of Memorial day. What more im
pressive sight than to see the children of the
land gathering from fields and - garden, hill
and ¦ valley, the sweet flowers of springtime,
to lay them lovingly upon soldier and. sailor
graves 1 , or with. song cast them upon the wa-
The gains in membership the past year were
by inuster, 8183: transfer, 3608; reinstatement,
11,672. The losses — By death, S3C6; honorable
discharge. 730; transfer, 2090; suspension.
13,513; dishonorable discharge, 70; delinquent
reports, CC22; net -loss. 7245.
OBSERVE MEMORIAL DAY.
united country, and carried It forward In the
march of civilization and of progress. To-day,
as surviving soldiers of the war for the. sup
pression of the rebellion and the preservation
and continuance of the Union, we rejoice in
the added glory of the flag and tha greatness
and the power of- the nation, all of which em
phasizes the grand results of the war in which
we bore a part, and the crowning glory of
which was the Inestimable blessings conferred
on the human race.
Although a week ago the Macedonian
revolutionary committee notified the Con
suls at Monastir that they were no longer
able to prevent reprisals in vengeance for
the Turkish atrocities, Boris Saraffoff. the
Macedonian leader, has now addressed a
circular to the Turkish notables on behalf
of the committee, announcing that the
insurgents will not attack the peaceful
Turkish population except in self-defense.
- SALONICA. Aug. 20.— Skirmishing is re
ported to be proceeding at Vodena and
Ostroro. A large band has crossed the
frontier and is advancing on Drama.
Servian bands are said to be forming with
a view to operating In old Servla. Turk
ish families are leaving the Servian towns
of Nlsha and Vrenja and a number have
arrived at Salonlca.
Turkish Families Are Forced to
Leave Servian Towns.
Reports of battles.
For the second time In Us history, the Grand
Army of the Republic has Journeyed to the
Pacific slope, to hold Its annual encampment.
When we niet In • the city of San Francisco,
seventeen years ago, the eastern shores of the
Pacific Ocean- marked the western boundary of
the republic. Since that time the .' foes of
other days, the men who wore the blue and
gray In the creates t war .known In all time,
have marched together under the flagr of a
report, which was referred to the prjper
committee,' is in part as follows:
MOBILE, Ala.. Aug. 21.— A cablegram
¦was received here to-day from the captain
of the steamship Bratton, dated Puerto
Cortex, saying the American bark John
R, Stanhope* had been lost in the great
etorm which swept the Island of Jamaica,
but that the crew had been saved. The
vessel and cargo were Insured.
Fears have arisen for the safety of the
British three-masted schooner G. E. Bent
ley, which cleared from Mobile July 22 for
Cienfuegos./ On board were the remains
of Captain John Wood, lieutenant com
mander of the schooner, and his brother
in-law, Mr. Eden, which were being taken
to Grand Camen for Interment. The fam
ily of Captain Wood and the wife of Cap
tain Rennesien, in command of the ship,
were also on board. The vessel should
have been reported from her destination
more than a week ago. v
The John R. Stanhope Reported Lost,
but Crew Is Said to Be
'Safe.
AMERICAN BARK WRECKED
IN JAMAICAN STORM
General Thomas J. Stewart . made s a
short address and then delivered his an
jiual report as commander in chief. The
The committee on credentials, which
consisted of Adjutant General - John »\V.
Echall, John A. Thacher, assistant ad
jutant general of the Department • of
Connecticut; F. A. Walsh, Inspector gen
eral; Thomas B. Rodgers, assistant ad
jutant general. Department of Missouri,
and Peter B. Ayres, assistant adjutant
general, Department of Delaware, sub
mitted its report, showing that the en
campment was composed of fifty-four na
tional officers, fifty-two past national of
ficers and 12S4 representatives and past
department officers, . entitled to seats,
making a total of 1400 delegates in the
convention.
MANY DELEGATES PRESENT.
The delegates went into session at 9:30
o'clock yesterday morning and took a re
cess for an hour. On reconvening at 2
o'clock they remained in session until
nearly 6 o'clock. It is expected that the
business of the encampment will be com
pleted to-day and the convention adjourn
to meet In Boston next year.
Commander In Chief Thomas J. Stew
art called the delegates to order, and
aft*r a prayer by the chaplain the busi
ness of the convention was taken up. A
roll call of the officers showed two ab
sent. One of these was Senior Vice Com
mander In, Chief William H. Olin. He is
Secretary of the State of Massachusetts
a lid was compelled to remain away from
the encampment owing to a law recently
passed concerning the absence of officials
from the State.
Never before in the history of the or
ganization has so much business been
transacted in one' day. The veterans
wasted no time and worked with great
rapidity. Reports were read, resolutions
were adopted, officers elected and much
other business was disposed of.
honor was by acclamation.
Every delegate in the Thirty-seventh An
nual Convention, which opened . in the
Grand Opera-house yesterday, voted for
the war hero and cheered him to the
echo when he ascended the platform to
express his great pleasure at being cho
sen to the high office.
* S was predicted, General John
JBl C. Black of Illinois was elect
/^ ed commander in chief of the
A am^L Grand Army of the Republic.
JL JbL. His selection to the place of
Boston Gets
Next Con*
vention.
LONDON, Aug. 20.— The Associated
Press learns that Important negotiations
are in progress between the powers which
promise to result In the early adoption
of a new plan for the settlement of the
Macedonian trouble.
A Foreign Office official said this after
noon:
"It is somewhat premature to say that
a definite agreement on the subject has
already been reached, as stated by the
Independence Beige of Brussels, but notes
are being exchanged In this direction."
' In other Quarters It was Intimated that
the scheme was partially on the Hne3
referred to by the Belgian newspaper.
There Is no doubt that an agreement
of some kind has been reached, as at the
beginning of the negotiations the powers
started with the general purpose of co
operation and this harmony has con-
Negotiations in Progress looking to
New Plan.
POWEBS IN ACCOBD.
Veterans in
Executive
Session.
WINXEilUCCA, Nev.. Aug. 20.— Sheriff
Lemb of Humbolfit County rounded up
four criminals early this morning at Love
lock. They are members of an organized
band that has been operating through
this section very successfully for some
time past. The desperadoes boarded two
freight trains near Oreana. fifteen miles
east of Lovelock, and after robbing the
train men beat them and threw them off
the swiftly moving cars. Patrick "Welch
of Palisade, Nev., was shot three times
after being robbed; once In the back, the
bullet entering the left lung, once In the
left forearm and once in the left leg.
all the bullets ranging downward. He
died here this evening at the County Hos
pital as the result of his wounds.
Sheriff Lamb arrested four men at Love
lock, all of whom he had be*n -watching
for some time. They were broujrht to
"Winaeniucca this afternoon and Identified
by Welch. Welch pointed out the man
•who shot him. He picked the four high
tvaymen out of a crowd of men brought
before. him. „ . „. r * n *• .
The robbers have also been identified
by another of their victims. They gave
their r.-xzr.cs as Fred Roberts, John P.
Eevner, T. P. German and Frank' "Wil
liams. Roberts is a mere bov and was
pointed out by Welch as one of those
•who shot him. Wii;iams is a Nevada ex
convict, having been sent to prison from
this place two years ago for robbery.
The four persons •were also Identified as
having been Implicated in the stealing of
the grip of Mr. and Mrs. Harvey Murton
of Montreal. Canada, which contained
{2000 worth of Jewels and $400 in currency.
The grip was stolen on the morning of
August »13 from a passenger train.
Another member of the gang Is re
ported to have b«en captured at Sacra
mento this evening. A diamond brooch
¦was pawned at Reno a few days ago by
one of the men. The Reno Jeweler will
arrive here to-morrow to identify the man
•who pawned the Jewelery.
The capture of the criminals breaks up
one of the worst gangs that has operated
In this section for seme years. For their
crime last night two are liable to hang
and the other two will undoubtedly re
ceive long-term sentences.
It is officially reported that a strong
band of insurgents has been captured
near Fiorina and that the peasants are
surrendering their arms.
According to the Turkish official re
ports, the strongest positions of the In
surgents are at Krushevo, Merlhero and
Fiorina. Contrary to previous reports. It
is now stated officially that Krushevo is
still occupied by the insurgents. Tha
headquarters of the revolutionists are in
th* mountains In the vicinity of Monastir.
Women and children are not molested
by the Insurgents, who have destroyed
only fortlfled^dwelllngs occupied by rich
Turks. It Is not denied that they kill
all Bulgarians and Greeks found acting
as Turkish spies, but the strictest orders
have been issued not to interfere with
women or children.
The news of the impending arrival of
the Russian squadron is spreading, not
withstanding the continued suppression
of all telegrams and announcements on
the subject. The general opinion of all
Europeans here la that the time has ar
rived for a vigorous Intervention and the
abandonment of all semi-measures which
are regarded as the cause oi the present
rising. :, V
CONSTANTINOPLE, Wednesday. Aug.
19.— Tewfik Pasha, the Turkish Foreign
Minister, yesterday visited the Russian
Embassador and notified him that the
Turkish Government accepted all the
Russian demands and begged that the
Russian squadron bo withdrawn from
Turkish waters. ¦'¦':•', "
Revolutionists Continue to
Murder and Destroy Many
Towns.
One of Them Is Recognized
as Former Inmate of
Penitentiary.
Warships of the Czar
Cause Increasing
Anxiety.
Bold Criminals Fall
Into Hands of the
Authorities.
Minister Hurries
to Grant Many
Demands.
Shoot and Kill One
of the Freight
Handlers.
RUSSIANS
AROUSE FEAR
IN THE TURK
FOUR THUGS
ROB TRAINS
NEAR OREANA
GENERAL BLACK OF ILLINOIS IS ELECTED BY ACCLAMATION
TO BE COMMANDER IN CHIEF OF GRAND ARMY OF REPUBLIC
Continued on Page 2, Column 3.
Continued on' Page 2, Column 6.
Continued on Page 4, Column . 2.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCIV->~O. 82.
The San Francisco Call. • ¦• u ¦ .*% v- ;.•¦•¦¦.¦ , .
TURKISH FOREIGN-' MINISTER WHO VISITED THE '.AMBASSADOR OF
THE CZAR ANT) ANNOUNCED THAT. THE SULTAN HAD DECIDED
vTO AGREE TO ALL, THE DEMANDS MADE.
,'•¦;' More truths about labor unions and agitators
In the "Wasp. . • •
There is. still being kept In custody at
Penape the young American missionary
who was arrested in the Caroline Islands
last Christmas by some German naval of
ficers on a charge of preaching against
Germny. '.WSBBUmk
Most striking effects are produced by
premium pictures mounted on harmonious
tinted raw silk mat board, greens, grays,
black and red; most stunning and artistic
for- a ; very moderate" .' outlay.* Sanborn,
Vail & Co.; 741 Market street. •
Poster Pictures.
PORTLAND./ Or.. Aug. 20.— The Columbia
Lumber Coiripahy. the largest sawmill in 'Van
couver," Wash:, has been placed in the hands
of a receiver. The principal cause of .the com
pany's embarrassment is thf Inability to get
out 8.000,000 feet of logs In Lewis River. ¦ The
Indebtedness of the company Is ¦¦ $60,000 and
the. assets $125,000. The company's attorney
etates that the embarrassment is only tempo
rary and that the mill will not shut down.
Receiver Takes Charge of Mill.
VICTORIA. B. C, Aug. 20.— Letters from
Hakodate to Sealers say the Japanese* sealer*
made a fair season, twenty-one . schooners tak
ing 5528 skins. , The sealing schooner Seltoku
Maru waa lost with all on board during the
•eason. William -Farley and William Know,
former Victorians, were members of her crew.
The whaling catch was smaller off Japan than
In previous jears.
Sealing Schooner Is Lost.
PORTLAND, Or., Aug. 20. — Mayor George
N.* Williams to-day sent a request to Secre
tary of the Navy Moody to have the cruiser
Marblehead and gunboat Concord, now at As
toria, ordered to Portland durlns the carnival
to be held by the Mul tnomah Amateur Ath
letic Club In Portland from September 14 to
September 20.
' SANTA ¦ BARBARA, Aug. 20.— The City
Council to-nUht issued a call for a special
election to tuke place September 28 to de
termine whether or not the city limits shall
be extended. The new boundaries would In
clude a large district on the east, west and
north sides of the Present limits and would
greatly Increase the population and taxable
property of the municipality.
VICTORIA, B. C, Aug. 20.— Professor
Meany of the University of Washington and
who U prominent In Pacific Coast historical re.
search left for Noottka to-hlght with a granite
monument, suitably Inscribed, which was pre
sented to Lieutenant Governor Joll de Lotbie
nere of British Columbia, to be placed on the
spot where Quadra and Vancourer met at
Noottka.
PHOENIX ArU., Auff. 20.— An unknown
man, about 65 years old. was found dead to
day two miles from Peorla. He had suc
cumbed either to the heat or to heart disease.
COLON, Colombia, Auk. 20. — Oeniral Jose
Insignares was Installed 1 dovernor of tnfr De
partment of Bolivar on August 13. to which
post he /eras nominated In succession to Dr.
Joachim Valen.
ROME, Aug. 20.— Pletro Carr.etl a well
known land owner, has given $20O.e00 to found
a sanitarium for consumptives *at Rome. In
memory of his two only sons, who succumbed
to tuberculosis.
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
Squadron Arrives Off Coast.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Aug. 20.— The
Russian Bauadron arrived off Intada, on
the eastern coast of European Turkey,
yesterday afternoon. t
Vali of Monastir in Exile.
TRIPOLI, Aug. 20.— All Rlsa Pasha, the
former Vail of Monastlr, who was removed
In consequence of the assaMl nation there., of
M. Rostkovoski, accompanied by his family,
baa arrived here In exile. • .
HUGE IMPORTS
OF PRECIOUS STONES
Diamonds Form Five-Sixths of the
$30,000,000 in Value Com
ing In Last Tear.
More than $30,000,000 worth of diamonds
and other precious stones were brought
Into the United States In the fiscal year
just ended. The Department of Com
merce and Labor, through its Bureau of
Statistic statement, shows that the total
importations of diamonds and other pre
cious stones in the eleven months ending
with May amounted to over $23,000,000 in
value, and as the figures for the month
of May alone were about $3,000,000, it is
evident that the June figures will "taring
the grand total of diamonds and other
precious stones up to a full $30,000,000 for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1903.
This is the largest importation of dia
monds and other precious ftor.es ever
shown in a single year of our commerce.
Prior to 1S87 the total had seldom if ever
reached $10,000,000 per annum; from 18&7 to
1S«3 the total gradually moved upward un
til It reached fl6.0u0.000; .then it rapidly
fell to $5,500,000 in 1S94; $7,500,000 in 1895;
$6,750,000 in 18S6. and $2,500,000 in the fiscal
year 1897. In 18*8 the total Increased to
r.c-arly $9,000,000, in 1899 to over $14.0')0,000.
In 1901 to $22,000,000, in 1902 to $23,000,000, and
in 1903 will be fully $30,000,000, making the
tolal for the year Just ended not only
more than in any preceding year, but 50
per cent In excess of 1301. double the fig
ures in 1899, and more than six times the
average during the period of 1891-97.
This rapid growth in the importation of
diamonds, while it suggests general pros
perity, seems to indicate the development
of a comparatively new industry in the
United States, the cutting of diamonds.
The total importations of diamonds alone
in the eleven months ending with May
amounted to $24,000,000 and of other
precious stones M.500.000. Of the $24,000,000
worth of diamonds imported, $10,000,000
were uncut diamonds; this total of $10,
000,000 of uncut diamonds is a large In
crease compared with the importations of
uncut diamonds in preceding years, the
figures for eleven months of the year 1902
being $5,500,000, while for the correspond
ing period of 1901 they were $6,600,000; for
the corresponding months of 1900. $3,500,001),
and for the corresponding months of 1898
but a little over $2,000,000.
The diamonds imported are divided by
the Bureau of Statistics statements into
two groups, y\r.'. Diamonds uncut, includ
ing miners', glaziers' and engravers', not
set, and diamonds cut but not set. The
value of diamonds uncut, 1 including mln
erB\ glaziers', etc., imported in eleven
months ending with May, has grown frOm
$2,500,000 in 1898 to $10,000,000 In 1903, while
that of diamonds cut but not set has
grown from $4,000,000 In '1898 to $14,000,000 In
1903, these figures being In each case for
the period of eleven months. This'Infer
ence, that the cutting of diamonds ts be
coming an Important industry in the
United States, which is suggested by the
rapid Increase in the importation of un>
cut diamonds, is strengthened by the fact
that the census statisticians "lapidary
work" show that the total value of pro
duction of lapidary work in 1900 was over
$3,500,000, against less than -$500,000 In 1890
and that the value of the materials-used in
this .work In,. 1900 was over $4,§00.000,
against less than $25,000 in 1890.— Pittsburc
Chronicle-Telesxaph.
Reserved Seat' Excursion.
Oil Sunday. August 23. the California North
western Railway .will run an excursion to
Ukiah. Each ticket sold Insures a seat,' for
the company will not sell a single ticket above
the number of seats provided. Time of de
parture from Tlburon ferry will 'be 8:30 a, m.,
and from Ukiah on the return 6 p. m. Train
will not stop In transit. Fare for the round
trip only $2. Tickets will be on sale commenc
ing Monday, August 17, at ticket offices, W0
Market street (Chronicle building) and Tlburon
fern.-. * MJIUJlBiMlffilUtBilLil * Jt
ROME. Aug. 2<t— Plus X having several
tltne« received Cnrflinal Hampolla In long au
iSlence*. tbe rumor obtained currency that th«
Cardinal might be reappointed secretary tof
rt«te to the Vatican. A dental, however, ¦ of
this rumor has been cbt&lned from a reliable
source.
Moneignor Kennedy, rector of the American
College, pave a dinner to-night In the villa of
the American College in honor of Most Rev
J. J. Harty, Archbishop of Manila. . .
Monsignor Kennedy Gives a Dinner
in Honor of Archbishop
Harty.
RAMPOLLA WILL NOT
BE SECRETARY OF STATE
Professor Bryce In hi3 biographical
study of Bishop Fraser of Manchester
tells of a clergyman of Fraser'a dloceso
who had knocked a man down who had
Insulted him. The Bishop wrote him a
letter of reproof, pointing out that ex
posed as the Church of England was to
much criticism on all hands, her minis
ters ought to be very careful of their de
meanor. The offender replied by saying:
"I must regretfully admit that, being
grossly insulted, and forgetting in the
heat of the moment the critical position
of the Church of England. I did knock
the man down." etc. Fraser was delight
ed with the turning of the tables on him
self and afterward Invited the clergyman
to visit him.
I OAKLAND, Aug:. 20.— The following niar
j riapo license? tvere Issued by the County Clerk
j to-day: Cherlrs Harrl?. 33, and Minerva J.
¦Hartzmar.. £v, both of Ssn Francisco; Richard
| GiMon*. 41. and J"lor* Campbell. .'«. both of
' I-os AngPleK; l^fluls" Nathan, 21. and Blanche
I V. J. Miller. IN t-oth of Oakland: Charles K.
: Maglll. over 21, and Florence A. BchlelTer. over
{ IK both of San Franclero; Wolf Flmmotis, over
! St. and Yetta I^-wlP, over IK. both at Oakland:
j Albert IV tM-hantr. C2. Pan Francisco, artd
i Louise Stintr, ',~\ Oakland.
Marriage Licenses.
"It almost seems." Mr. Bow. n is re
ported to have continued, "that the
friendship that America fe^ls for Baron
von SternbcTg Is regarded In Germany
as a sin."
- , ..
ways Germans Apparently Resent
American Friendship for Baron
von Steinberg.
BEULlK. Aujr. 20— The Ix>kal Atxtfegcr
to-day published an interview with Her
bert W. Bowvn, I'nlted States Minister
to Venezuela, in which Bcwen is quoted
to have said that he did not roeard it
os peculiar that he should represent two
countries before The Hague tribunal.
"Neither does my Government." he
eaid. "I go where I am sent, tvtn to
the north pole. I take the part only of
the weak against the strong. 1 cannot
understand the attacks of the German
press on Baron von Bternbcrg. I learned
to know him as a clover diplomatist and
an excellent upholder of German in
terests.
BOWEN REGARDS DUAL x
CAPACITY AS LOGICAL
"The eyebrows also afford another
means of personal Identity, because they
are invariably distinctive and character
istic to the trained detective. About
three years ago I captured one of out
cleverest crooks, a man who has served
many terms lri Sink Sing, by the peculiar
slant of his eyebrows. At the time I ar
rested him he was wearing a wig and a
flowing black false beard. The disguise
might easily have deceived the casual ob
server, but .to me there, was - one thinjr
lacking to make it complete. Ke had for
gotten to alter his eyebrows, and they
alone gave me the cue to his identity.
"Clever criminals after making perhaps
a rich haul somewhere will pay liberally
for effective disguises. A few facial artists
in New York City could tell. you of the
handsome prices they are frequently paid
for makeups.''— New York Times.
"I can easily spot a pickpocket In a
crowd," said one of New York's detec
tlvesj who has been attached to the de
tective bureau at police headquarters for
the last fifteen years, in conversation with
a reporter the other day. "It Is not neces
sary that 1 know my man by sight first
before I can spot him. A thief, as a rule 1 ,
you know, has' a habit of glancing fre
quently over his shoulder In a furtive man
ner to see that he is hot being watched,
and it is by that habit that a thief has
often betrayed his occupation to me.
"Frequently I have had to track and
Identify men whom I have never seen, my
only means of Identification being a pho
tograph taken years ago. This is usually
very difficult to accomplish, however, as
It Is easy for the criminal radically . to
charge his appearance. It Is p'ossible for
a man to pose as a sailor, a farmer, a
Bowery tough or a pastor within, say,
twenty-four hours. Many criminals make
a specialty of disguises, and I assure you
they can alter their appearance to a re
markable degree.
"Disguises, however, ho matter how
cleverly got up, do not always conceal a
man's identity. There are, for instance,
the color artd expression of the eyes.
These cannot possibly be altered, and
they have been oho of the most frequent
aids in identifying fugitive criminals. An
other Identification mark, although not an
infallible one, but one nevertheless J by
which I have on several occasions detect
ed a criminal when other means failed
me, are the cheekbones. Like the color
of the eyes, they cannot be changed.
"Descriptions as to the weight and cir
cumference of a 'wanted', man frequently
prove faulty and therefore unreliable as
aids to detection. 'This Is especially so"
when a man has evaded the detectives for
any great length of time, for It Is possible
that during his evasion the criminal may
have lost a great deal of his weight and
corpulency, while, on the other hand, a
spare man may have gained in avoirdu
pois and bulk. In such cases, however, I
have in one or two instances established
the identity of the man I was after by
his ears. As a rule, the worst criminals
have oddly shaped ears, and no matter
how cleverly they may disguise them
selves they can seldom succeed In con
cealing their telltale earmarks from the
detective who has already made their ac
quaintance.
NATURAL AND CASUAL '
AIDS FOB DETECTIVES
Marks Which Even the Ingenuity
of Criminals Cannot Con
ceal.
Millions "of umbrellas are manufactured
in the United States every year. The
largest ...factories are in Pennsylvania.
The great jobbing" houses are bunched
along Broadway, near Canal street. One
of the big factories has a capacity of 7000
umbrellas dally. That is over 2,000,000 a
year.' Where do they go? "All over," as
a salesman put It. And'lf you glance up
and down New York's streets, especially
In the neighborhood Of' the Brooklyn
bridge, after a severe rainstorm you will
know. that It.is "all over" with many of
the umbrellas. .It does not take long to
get Hd of an umbrella these days. One
good puff of wind and the covering has
gone inside out and the bars are hope
lessly bent— these are . the cheaper ones,
of course. There are good. umbrellas, that
cost considerable Ibaoney. They have gold
handles and look as if they were made to
keep dry. But that Is not what they were
made for exactly. They were made to
present to the superintendent on his birth
day anniversary, to give to our rich aunt
at Christmas and 'as a memento, of our
regard for. our noble grand v lodge presi
dent when he has retired from. office after
putting us on all the best committees.
• That is the sentiment commonly enter
tained toward the transfer of this most
useful article of personal property. Few
consider it kleptomania and none" stealing.
Some ingeniously admit- that it is a bad
habit.
The. origin of the umbrella is very an*
cicnt. It was known in the Far lift st be
fore the time of Marco Polo, whence it
came to the West. Early in Ihe eighteenth
century it was first used In Western Eu
rope as a protection against rain. Jonas
Hanway in 1750 made a practice of car
rying an uirihrella hi the 'streets of Lori
don and created a constant sensation.
";The growth of" the umbrella Industry
has b>*n rapid in the United States during
the past thirty years. Authorities in the
trade agree that the manufacture was
commenced . here ab6ut 1S00 at Philadel
phia by E. J. Pierce, W.-A. Drown and
Edmund Wright. It did not progress very
rapidly until about 1S03. Prior to that date
the materials used in the manufacture
were, mostly Cotton and alpaca. But five
years ¦ earlier, or "about I860, American
manufacturers began to use silk. Pre
vious to that time all or nearly all silk
umbrellas used in this country were im
ported from Europe. At the present time
the estimated total amount of capital In
vested Is placed at $3,000,600, as compared
with $1,000,000 twerity'-flv£ years agp and
$250,000 fifty years apo. The approximate
total number of umbrellas manufactured
In the United States aggregates 9,000.000
per annum. In many respects umbrellas
manufactured In this country excel those
of any other, but particularly as regards
finish, neatness and close r611.
"A wag arrested for pUrtoiningf an um
brella from ah offlce .building on a rainy
day was asked by the Judge:
"Do you wish to plead guilty to petty
larceny of kleptomania?"
.^Neither, your Honor,'\rep!lcd the pris
oner at" the bar. "It.is force oc habit."
ORIGIN OF UMBRELLAS
* ; IS VERY ANCIENT
Manufacture Begun ' in Philadelphia
in 1800— kow One Firm Pro-'
\, duces 70OO Daily.
rBLS.NO, Aur. 20.— The master plumbers
attempted to do some of thHr own work to
day and immediately there was a cessation of
Hvork In thn ri!af«*s wh'-rt' tb*-y were at work.'
Tfc? UuIldtnK TraiW Council +ias Indorsed . the'
union jilumbors anil th<> union plumtwrs ar<» at
j->ropont locked oat: consequently no member
of the bui!4nlff tra<1<-s can conscientiously work
! with men doinp the union plumbers' work. The
| master plumtvrs «1o not carry union cards, so
that Ik another reason why th<» carpenters and
•others in the building trades can not work With
them.
Won't Work With Master Plumbers.
Mrs. Sarah B. Wlnans of Piqua, O.. who
has been chosen national president of the
Woman's Relief Corps, had from the very
beginning a number of stanch friends
whose confidence as to her ability to lead
the corps never wavered a moment.
Mrs. AVinans has been a tireless worker
and steadfast upholder of the cause of
the organization.
She Is a woman of sterling worth, char
itable, gentle and unselfish to a degree
-and her friends are legion.
Mrs. Addle L. Ballou, elected to the of
fice of national president of Civil War
Nurses, possesses many friends in Cali
fornia. AVhen the war broke out Mrs.
Ballou volunteered In the service of the
Government, receiving a commission in
the Thirty-second Wisconsin Infantry.
- Rev. Wlnfield Scott, D. D. who was
elected chaplain in chief of the G. A. R.,
is a graduate of the University and Theo
logical Seminary of Rochester, N. Y. He
was pastor of the Second Baptist Church
(now Central) in Syracuse, N. Y. Under
Lincoln's first call for 300,000 men, he went
to Seneca County, N. Y., and raised a
company for the One Hundred and Twen
ty-sixth New York Volunteers and was
appointed its captain. He was wounded
at Harpers Ferry while leading his com
pany in a Charge on Maryland" Heights.
September 13, 1862. He was wounded twice
at Gettysburg, losing over 55 per cent of
his company in killed and wounded.
After the wounding of Lieutenant Colonel
Myers, the One Hundred and Twenty- hfth
New York and the One Hundred and
Twenty-sixth New York Regiments con
solidated for fighting purposes. Captain
Scott succeeded to the command and led
these regiments through the battles of
the Wilderness, Todd's Tavern and Spot
sylvania Court-House, where he was
wounded twice. He was mustered out on
account of these wound9, "September 23,
1864. He was in Hancock's Second Army
Corps, Army of the Potomac.
ARE PROMINENT WOMEN.
He also took an active Interest in the
National Guard of California, holding
several commissions as major, lieutenant
colonel and colonel, and is now on the
retired list with the latter rank.
SOLDIER AND DIVINE.
. He was made second lieutenant of his
company, then adjutant of the regiment,
and was subsequently promoted to assist
ant adjutant general of the regular brig
ade of cavalry, serving in the Army of
Shenandoah.
Colonel Kinne came to California nearly
forty-five years ago, and since his return
from the war has been Vrigaged In \he
insurance business and is well known in
that capacity, being the assistant man
ager of the Pacific department of the
Liverpool and London and Globe Insur
ance Company.
Colonel Klnne saw much service, hav
ing participated in twenty-five engage
ments, and was wounded in the battle of
Waynesboro, Va.
past commander of California Com
mandery.
He enlisted as a private in the Cali
fornia "100," In what was known as Com
pany A. Second Massachusetts Cavalry,
and which, with the California Battalion
that went on later, composed of four
companies, made up a large portion of
\hat regiment.
LONDON, Aug. 21— A dispatch from
Nikolalev to the Daily Mail, dated August
12, confirms the previous report of a mili
tary onslaught on a crowd of strikers at
Kleff August 11. The dispatch says the
conflict arose out of a decision of the
strikers to hold a mass-meeting on the
Chernigov side of tbe Dnieper. Five
thousand men were permitted to assemble
in KiefT and had bei?un to embark in
boats to cross the river, when the mili
tary appeared and the strikers were
called upon to disperse. The mob stoned
the CosKacks, who thereupon fired three
volleys and then madly charged, scatter
ing the Crowd in all directions. Between
twenty and thirty strikers were killed on
the spot; forty othfcrs w<?re. dangerously
wounded and 2.W to 390 received slight In
juries. - •
REPORTS ARE CONFIRMED
OF MASSACRE AT KIEFF
Cossacks Make a Wild Charge on
Strikers Assembled for
Mass Meeting.
A dispatch from Burgas says the town
of Vaslliko and the villages of Urunkol
and Poturnakevo are in flames,, and. the
sound of cannon can plainly be ' heard
from the Bulgarian frontier. -i ••'
SOFIA, Aug. 20.— The Greek patriarch
asked the Bulgarian exarch to address, an
other note to the Bulgarian ministers and
school teachers Tri Macedonia ufgifi£ them
to remain quiet and not to fight. against
the Sultan. The exarch replied that he
was sorry that he was. not in a position
to serve the Sultan. As all the Bulgarian
ministers and teachers had been cast into
prison and the churches and schools were
closed his voice could not be i heard there
—only the sound of guns was audible.
Fugitive families from Krushevo' who
have arrived at Monastlr give terrible de
tails of the situation which prevailed in
the town of Krushevo after its capture
by the Turks. The latter, they say, acted
like fiends, running from house to house
and street to street, slaughtering every
body they met. The town is now a heap
of ruins.
Bulgarian Exarch "Says " Sound of
Guns Only" I«. Audible; • ¦'.:
CANNOT- SERVE SULTAN.
ships to Turkish waters.
The United Btates European squadron
will leave Vlllefranche to-morrow for the
purpose of engaging in evolutionary drills,
preparatory to taking part in the maneu
vers in the Caribbean Sea, and it is not
believed in American official circles here
that if It is decided to have . fheUnf ted
States represented in Turkish waters
more than a gunboat will Be sfcnt, and It
is " pointed out that the Machias - would
be available for this purpose.-.
All the embassies here united In the
statement that the news from Macedonia
is exaggerated. It is officially reported,
however, that Turkey has about 100,000
troops In the disturbed district, and this
number is accepted as being an indication
that a large majority of the population is
engaged in the insurrection.
While there is a general belief that the
United States will, not intervene in Tur
key, interest is displayed In diplomatic
circles as to whether the authorities at
Washington will order American war-
The Austrian Embassy vouches for. *he
continuance up to the present of the I;ar
monious agreement between the powers
relative to Macedonia.
Neither the Austrian, Russian nor the
Italian embassies have any knowledge of
the reported exchanges of communica
tions between the Continental power* In
regard to a joint naval demonstration, off
Salonica.
done regarding the dispatch of a British
force to Turkish waters, and It Was not
expected that such action would be taken,
in view of Great Britain's announced sup
port of the policy of Russia and Austria,
unless a radical chah*e in the situation
should occur. - ¦¦>- ' • .
The British Foreien Office has been no
tified of the orders Issued to the Italian
squadron, which appear tct have been
communicated to. all the capitals, and
which the Italian diplomats say does hot
mean that Ifcily intends to withdraw In
the slightest degree from co-operatlrig
with the powers. •>
LONDON, Aug. 2O.-The Admiralty to
day denied the Dally Chronicle's state
ment that Admiral Domville, command
ing the British Mediterranean squadron,
now off the coast of Portugal, had re
ceived urgent orders Immediately to dis
palch some of his ships to the vicinity
of Salonica. The officials informed the
Associated Press that nothing had been
Mediterranean Squadron Will Not
Be Sent to Turkish Waters.
NO BRITISH WARSHIPS.
Continued From Page 1, Column 6.
must not be interpreted as a counter demon
stration to the movement of the Russians.
Italy, it Is affirmed. Is In agreement with Hus
fia and Austria with regard to the enrorcei
ment of reforms in the European provinces cf
Turkey. ¦
i Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
The skilled carver in this city usually
makes his own tools, forges* them In the
worksnop, tempers, grinds and polishes
them ready for u*e. The Japanese carv
ers use much the same methods as the
Germans who work beside them. The pay
nf the skilled carver Is excellent— from
$3 to $10 a uay— according to the charac
ter of the work and the ability of the
carver to Impress his work lipon his em
ployer. There are unions 'of the artistic
carvers, but the ablest of tnem have no
need of. union aid In maintaining their
rights.
Few Native-Bom Americans En
gaged in the Tedious
Work.
The trade of the carvers In bone, ivory,
meerschaum and like materials has never
fully recovered from the blow it received
In the hard times beginning In 1S98. There
were at that time probably more than 300
such carvers working in New York. Many
of them were driven out of the trada
into other and cruder lines of carving,
and only a few of those who thus changed
their medium have been able to find work
of th« old kind. Only a very small part
of those who do such carvlrig belong to
the class of true artists in Ivory, bone
and meerschaum. Of such highly skilled
carvers the whole number could probably
be counted on the fingers of two hands.
The business grows very slowly. There
are few native Americans who have mas
tered the craft. Possibly a single em
ploying carver, a native American of Ger
man parentage, is the only one now en
gaged in the art. Only two skilled Jap
anese carvers are employed In. this city,
and no Chinese carvers have come to
j town. Most of those engaged In the art
are Germans, though a rew Frenchmen
r.ave worlceil here. Th« Oe-rman-Amert
can referred to thinks that most Ameri
cans lack patience to become skilled
carvers. The .nmerlean haste Is antag
onistic to the attitude of mind that the
successful carver must maintain.
German carvers of taste and skill could
earn much higher pay here than at home,
and if more could come over they would
l.nd permanent employment, but they are
not attracted by condition* here. On the
whole, they can live cheaper In Germany
than here and amid more congenial sur
roundings. Another consideration that de
ters the skilled carvers from comlnz to
New York is the rumors their hear of
disagreements between employers and em
ployed, strikes and trammeling union
rules. Thev have a notion that trade
union conditions here are such 4 as to dis
turb the serenity of the artist. As a mat
ter of fact, the artistic carver would prob
ably be little disturbed by the wars of
employed and employer, but the news that
reaches Germany on this subject Is alarm-
Ing.
Chinese carvers of real artistic skill
would be very welcome here, but the dif
ficulties presented by the Chinese exclu
sion law help to keep them at home, for
there might be some trouble in having
such immigrants admitted ns «kllled art
ists. Then. too. the Chinese skilled carv
ers are a contented body of men. earn
ing good pay for China, and enjoying
some social consideration. Few of them
now have the skill of the earlier Chinese
carvers, and -many do only the crudest
work.
CABVINO IVORY
ANT> MEERSCHAUM
The investigation into the affairs of the
asylum has been set for September' *.
when the board of managers metts. Dr.
Hatch 6f the State Lunacy Eoard and \\\
4v Mc-lick of the State Board of Exam
iners have declared that the inquiry will
\>f searching in Its nature and that every
« ffort will be made to secure the attend
ance of all who can testify in support of
the charge of Inhuman treatment.
A majority of thcpo who have thus far
given evidence have expressed their will
ingness to tell all they know.
The criminal proceedings will have to
*>e instituted in San Bernardino and the
*eene of the asylum row will be shifted
from this city to that county to-morrow.
It is said that certain documents and rec
ord books have been abstracted from the
hovpita! and that they have been in the
jx^sesflon of the accused men. but wheth
er they will be recovered as a result of
the search now being made cwnnot be
rredicted. Dr. Campbell knows where
'some of the records are ar.d can put his '
fcand on thi-m.
to prove the charges they have made}
against me. I court the fu'iSest investiga
tion of affairs at the asylum, but first I
hope to pur.lFh the men who, it is said,
have taken the records belonging to the i
Stare. I will file a criminal complaint at !
once against C. N. Whittaker, former
steward, and F. W. Howard, former drug
gist, both of whom claim to have carried
away original documents."
They are to be given a full opportunity
"You should bear In mind these men
who are making charges are all dis
charged employes, and they have sore
spots," eald Dr. Campbell to-night, "but
they have pone too far and have done
things that will land them in jail. The
law imposes a heavy penalty . for ab
stracting documents from State institu
tions. If Whit taker and Howard have
carried away books and papers belonging
to the records of the asylum they will be
vigorously prosecuted.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 20— Dr. M. B.
Campbell, medical superintendent of the
Southern California State Hospital at Pat
ton, acting under Instructions of Assistant
Attorney General John \V. Stetson, tswore
out search warrants to-day against the
former steward, C. N. Whittaker. and the
former drug-gist, F. \V. Howard, of that
institution to recover certain State rec
ords which are alleged to have been ab
stracted from the hospital. The issuance
of the search warrants is the first step
toward the criminal prosecution of the
two former attaches of the asylum. The
prosecution will be directed entirely by
the Attorney Generals department. The
warrant of search was served upon Whit
taker this evening at Monrovia, but what
was found as? a result of the search has
not been disclosed. The service on How
ard will be made to-morrow, arid then
such other proceedings will be Instituted
as the result may justify.
When Whittaker was deposed as stew
ard he threatened to file charges against
Dr. Campbell, but has reconsidered and
now protests that nothing could induce
him to again appear before the present
board of managers, whom lie Kays he dis
trusts. However, when he left the asy
lum it is alleged he took with him cer
tain requisition*- and estimates that are
a part of the State records. The absence
of these documents and a druggist's reg
ister, that F. TV. Howard confesses to
having in his possession, have handi
capped the hospital officers In their ef
forts to get at the bottom of the trouble,
hence Dr. Campbell's determination to
recover them.
Ex»eclal Dispatch to The Call.
Men Selected
by G. A. R. Have
Fine Records
Lord Minto made a remarkable speech,
in which he declared for closer union be
tween the different parts of the empire
on a basis of preferential trade on well
considered lines. He asked if Mr. Cham
berlain, with his splendid record and pres.
ent position, would care to Jeopardize his
life's work 'for the sake of a mere Im
perial dream, and concluded by saying
that now was no time for those who had
the welfare of the empire at heart to sit
with folded arms. It was time to be up
and doing.
MONTREAL, Aug. 20.— The congress of
Chambers of Commerce of the British
' empire to-day adopted a resolution pro
viding that a recommendation be made
to his Majesty's Government to appoint
a commission consisting of representatives
of the empire and the colonies to con
sider the adoption of a commercial policy
within the British empire which shall
materially strengthen it and which shall
be based upon the principle of mutual
benefit. '
The delegates were the guests to-night
of the Montreal Board of Trade at a ban- j
4uet. Among those present were Lieu- j
tenant General Governor Minto, Lord
Strathcona, Sir "Wilfrid Laurier. Prime
Minister; Lord Borden, leader of the Con
servative party in Canada; Lord Dundon
ald, commander of the forces, and Lord
BrassW. president of the board.
I The gamblers hav« cornered the cotton mar
ket ana put up prices *a Mgti that manufac
:ur>rs cannot use raw cotton. Manufacturers
have found It more profitable to sell their cot
ton to the Ramblers. Mills hare been closeJ
down because of there being no 1 raw material
left, and In some Instances cotton which waa
I sold to European manufacturers has been
i brc>rght back to thfs country and used la gam
: Lll-iK operations.
i Infinite mischief is being done to the ifl&riu
fr>. turn.*- and cotton growin* Industry In th«
! L'ntted States by thia gambling movement.
| Most European nations which manufacture cot
ton, and also own UnJs in out-lying: provinces
. where cotton might be grown, are anxious to
' become Independent of our gamblers, and so
are organizing and holding out Inducements
for development of a cotton raising Industry.
Hrlt'sh. French, Oermana. Kelgtana and others
own lands In Africa and they have been for
some time organizing to produce cotton.
The Secretary of Agriculture of Egypt paid
me a visit not long a;o and said that with the
Irrigation of enlarged areas along the Nile Val
ley, growing out of the completion of th»
great dam. the production of Egypt would b«»
greatly Increased. They pay fifteen cent* a
day for labor ther*. There Is a breed of eattla
which does all work Ami stands heat better
than mules. Those European nations owning
territory in Africa have been coming to our
Southern States and/ engaging expert negro
labor to go over there and organize the natives.
I see no prewpect of relief for workingmen
!n the mills which h.iv» cloned until the corner
In cotton bursts and the price of cotton goes
down. The corner can continue, of court*, ,lf
the gamblers have enough money to buy the
new crop.
¦WASHINGTON. Aug. 20.— Secretary of
Agriculture Wilson to-day expressed some
plain thoughts about the situation in the
cotton market, In which high prices are
playing havoc with New England manu
facturing interests. He said:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS AN'GELES. Aug. 2O.-The' Herald
to-morrow wjll say: j The announcement
that the Harrlman Interests has decided
to turn over to the Huntington syndicate
the right of ,Vay of the Southern Pacific
to Santa Monica for an electric road has
caused railroad officials of the steam road
to make .admissions that describe an ex
! tensile scheme of Harrlman to abandon
: the steam lines to Santa Monica^ Port
Los Angeles :.and vicinity in favor of the
Pacific Electric Railway Company. ,
Such a plan would save a large amount
of money for the ;Harriman holdings, as
steam trains now connect with the steam
ers from San Francisco when only a few
passengers a're carried • to Los Angeles
from the port, and then only when a
steamer makes a landing.
It Is stated that the Pacific Electric has
in course of preparation a petition for an
other freight franchise, fo that the car
goes of ships mooring at the port can be
brought directly into . the city. If that
plan fails an endeavor will be made to se
cure a franchise along Alameda street
for an electric road, so that the freight
can be hauled into a depot on that thor
oughfare, thus providing for fast hand
ling of freight. *'""; v
The agreement between Harrlman and
Huntington to join Interests and the ced
ing of the Santa Monica and Port Los
Angeles rights of .way to the Huntington,
Mnes opens up a plan that Huntliigtnn -.
has long fostered and which will permit
him to eventually get Into the oil regions
of Bakersfleld and the Ventura country. '
From Port Los Angeles to the port of j
Hueneme is only a short distance along i
the coast, and Huntington recently ac
quired an electric road franchise from '
Bakersfield to Hueneme. This Is accept- I
ed as meaning that Huntington and Har- '
riman at the San Francisco conference j
decided to Vtand together on a network |
of steam and electric roads throughout
the southern portion of the State, the
northern limit of the Pacific Electric be
ing fixed at Bakersfield. 1
Lord Minto Declares for
Closer Union in Prefer
• ential Trade.
Files Complaints Against Two
Former Employes of the
Asylum.
tric-Road.
Steam Line to Santa Monica
Is to Become an Elec-
Will Give Impetus to For
eign Production of Raw
Material.
Dr. Campbell Takes the
Matter Into the
Courts.
Congress at Montreal
Wants Commercial
Commission.
Corner on Cotton Is
Disastrous to the
Industry.
Huntington and Harri
man Will Join Inter
ests in the South.
HOSPITAL FIGHT
BECOMES SERIOUS
RAILROAD DEAL
COMES TO LIGHT
WILSON SCORES
THE GAMBLERS
MUTUAL BENEFIT
FOR THE EMPIRE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 21, 1903.
Insurgents Continue to Destroy the Fortified 'Dwellings, of -Opulent
Turks, Slay Bulgarians and Greeks as Spies, but Refrain
.From the Slaughter of Helpless Women and Children
RUSSIA'S OMINOUS ACTIVITY STIRS
COWED SULTAN TO GRANT DEMANDS
2
DOAN'S KIDNEY^ PILX3. ,
TUf EXCHANGE.
A New Back for an Old One— How It
I« Done. In San Franelnco.
The back aches at times with a dull,
indescribable feeling, making you weary
and restless; piercing pains shoot across
: the region of the kidneys and again tho
loins are so lame to stoop is. agony. No
use to rub or apply a plaster to the back
In this condition. You cannot reach the
cause. Exchange the- bad back for a new
and strong one— follow the example of
this San Francisco citizen.
John P. Bryson. cook, of 537A Xatoma
street, says: "I had pain in the kidneys
for eight months before I used Doan's
Kidney Pills. Sometimes It was worse
than others and sometimes of longer dur-
ation, but as the area affected was right
across the small of the back over the kid-
neys I knew those organs were the causa
of the entire trouble. A short time after
I used Doan's Kidney Pills the achine
disappeared and what to tae is of consid-
erable more Importance is this fact— I
have had complete Immunity from Daln
during the last six months."
For sale by all dealers. Price 50 cent<».
Foster-Milburn Co.. Buffalo, N. Y «ofa
agents for the United States.
Remember the name, Doan's, and tAka
no substitute. «~*o
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Chas. Keilus & Co.
E x c I us i v e
HSgh-Grade Clothiers
Ko Branch Stores. No Agents.
Men's Clothiers Only
That's Our Profession
We Think of Nothing Else
Certainly Ought to Know
What Smart Dressers
Would Like to Wear
Models Tell the Story
Kearny Street
Thurlow Bl ockMEMBER OF THE FRENCH
CABINET, WHO MARRIED
FORMER, TEACHER.
LONDON, Aug. 20.— Field Marshal Lord
Roberts and his staff havo booked passage on
the steamer .Mayflower, which wHl sail from
Liverpool September 23 for Boston.
P* MS. Aug. 20.— Marine Minister
Pelletan was married to-day to
i Mile. . Nfese, until recently a
teacher in ' a public school here.
Premier Combes was best man.
The wedding was very much of a social
event In the capital and was attended by
a large gathering of distinguished friends
of the prominent Cabinet member.
It is of course mere elementary decency to
require that all Government departments shall
be handled in accordance" with the principle
thus clearly and fearlessly enunciated.
It is adjudged and awarded that no person
shall be refused employment or in any way dis
criminated agalnBt on account of membership
or non-membership in any labor organization
and that there shall be no discrimination or in
terference with any employe who is not a mem
ber of any labor organization by members of
such organization.
Concerning this principle, the President
wrote: /
commission regarding the employment of
labor as follows:
Viscount Cranborne, eldest son of Lord
Salisbury, says his father was improving
in health until last week, when a tsugtic
accident" led. to a recurrence of the com
plications he had been suffering from, in
cluding marked weakness of the- heart
and circulation. Lord Salisbury -was
asleep in a chair, when the arm on which
he was leaning gave way. and he fell
heavily to the ground, receiving a severe
shock. • . . . .
LONDON, Aug. 20.— A bulletin issued at
10 o'clock to-night said Lord Salisbury'*
condition. was critical and there was lit
tle hope of . his recovery. The end may
be expected at any moment.
Once in the course of the' evjnins It
was thought that his Lordship had al
ready breathed his last, but he made a
surprising rally and at midnight It was
announced that his condition had not
changed since the 10 o'clock bulletin.
Telegrams have been dispatched to tho
King, the Queen and the Prince of Wales
acquainting them -with the critical condi
tion of the ex-Premier. It is not pro
posed to issue any further bulletins until
the morning. \
Former British Premier's
Condition Now Pre
carious.
END IS NEAR
FOR SALISBURY
New Instructor Arrives at Stanford.
STANFORD UNTVERSITT. Aug. 20. — Robert
E. Snodgrass, recently appointed Instructor in
entomology arrived at the university to-day
ready to take up his duties as a member of the
faculty He is a Stanford graduate. 190J. and
for the' past two years has been assistant en
tomologist for tb« "Washington State Agricul
tural College.
BEAUMONT. Tex., Aug. 20. — Flr« this after
noon destroyed twenty-five derricks In \ what
Is known as. the Shoestring district In th« Sour
Lake oiL fields. The flames were started by a
man throwing a gallon of crude oil In the fire
box to start a fire in a boiler.
The loss amounts to probably $50,000. Tn»
fire has practically burned itself out and only
waste oil was burning to-night
Loss of $50,000 Inflicted Before
Fuel Is Exhausted and the,
Flames Die Out
OIL DERRICKS BURNED
IH SHOESTRING DISTRICT
The Advertiser quotes a lengthy inter
view with. W. H. Krumm, an American
mining expert from Manchuria, who In
brief said that his observations In Man
churia showed him clearly .that Russia
intended to keep Manchuria and was pre
pared to fight for the territory. He told
of enormous expenditures on railway Im
provements, rapid building of towns, erec
tion of substantial barracks and prepara
tions to swarm troops into Eastern Asia.
Krumm further said that a Russian of
ficial informed him that he had it from,
the Minister of "War during his visit that
a declaration of war might be expected
as soon, as the Japanese rice crop was
harvested.
VICTORIA, B. C. Augr. 20.— Japanese
papers received by the steamer IndravelU
to-day from- Yokohama discuss tho al
leged imminence of war and tell of con
tinued military preparations. The Japan
Advertiser says the Japanese Government
Is actively preparing fory^war. whether
war' comes or not. The men of the differ
ent regiments are taking leave of their
families and friends, and Formosa Is be
ing filled with troops.
Declaration of War Is Ex
pected When Rice Crop
Is Harvested.
Soldiers on Leave Are
Returning to Their
Regiments.
JAPAN PREPARES
FOR HOSTILITIES
Everything you need 'in cameras and
photo goods. Tourists and visitors ' rea
sonably supplied. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
.741 Market street- ¦ . ¦ ¦ .-..,-. ¦•¦¦•.-
Cameras and Photo Supplies.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Aug. -20.— The ore
steamer Queen of the West, bound from Cleve.
land/ to Erie, sprung a lead and sank a few
miles off FairDort, Ohio, to-day, . The crew
of fifteen men and two daughters of the en
gineer were rescued. They had a narrow
escape from drowning. One seaman was seri
ously injured. „.- '<¦;¦-.
Ore Steamer Sinks.
QUEBEC. Aug. 20.— Captain Gagnon, Sea
man Barrao and Engineer Lamothe, only sur-'
vlvors of the crew of the tug Mersey, which
foundered on Outarde shoal August 13, arrived
here to-day. Barras and Lamothe did their
best to help the other five • members ¦ of the
crew to enter tho tug's lifeboat when the tug
foundered, but the men, thinking the lifeboat
could not live in the sea that was running,
would not leave the tug, and : were then lelt
to their fate.
Mersey Survivors at Quebec.
" Was Responsible.
MANILA, P. I., Aug. 20, 10:30 a. m.— The
Sultan of Deseen has appeared before Major
Robert H. Bullard with a large retinue and
has made a full and complete* apology for
the insult recently tendered the United States
flajr and for which reparation was promptly
demanded by Major Bullard, then In com
mand. The Sultan declared that his crazy
son, since disinherited, was alone responsible
for the outrazo.
The Sultan of Bacolod is reported u re
fortifying his various camps and as demand
ing a substantial indemnity from The United
States on account of war losses before he
will tender his submission. •
Declares to Major Bullard That His
Crazy Son, Since Disinherited,
SULTAN MAKES APOLOGY
TOR INSULT TO FLAG
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 20.— Tte labor unions of
Sant* Cruz County are making arrangeme-nts
for a big celebration in this city on Labor day.
Th*» unions of Watsonvllle and Boulder Creek
have BignifW their Intention of taking part In
the celebration. «^
Preparing for a Big Celebration.
MacVeauh says Balfour must have been
either misrepresented or misinformed, ' nlnre
the language difficulty had already been decid
ed. It having been determined that the English
language should be used at The Hague.
LONDON. Aug. 21.— Wayne MacVeagh.
senior counsel for the United States In the
Venezuelan arbitration, has written a long let
ter to the Times calling attention to the state
ment made by Premier Balfour in the House
of Commons August 14 to the effect that there
was an unexpected delay In the settlement of
the Venezuelan question owing to the fact
that France and £pain objected to the use of
the English language before the tribunal, and
that the question had been left to the tri
bunal Itself to decide.
Wayne MacVeagh Corrects Premier
Balfour in Regard to Hitch in
Venezuelan Arbitration.
QUESTION OF LANGUAGE
IS ALREADY DECIDED
James V. Harris of Grand Junction,
Colo., Is Elected President x of
National Association.
LOS ANGKLES, Aug. 20.— The National As
sociation cf Beekeepers devoted the final day
cf it« convention to bus-iness and pleasure
combined. At the morning session a number
cf the delegates assembled to transact Viurlncis
nnd listen to an address by N. E. France of
Wisconsin, while th» others Jcmrneyed on an
recursion to Long Beach. The afternoon ses
sion wa» riven over to an address by Home*-
H. Hyde of Texas.
The election of national officers resulted as
follows: President. James V. Harris. Grar.d
Junctlc«. Colo.; vice president. Charles Da
<Jant. H&n.ilton. 111.: ef-cretary. George W.
Brodbeck, Lcs Angeles. The ccnventlrn closed
to-night.
BEEKEEPEHS' CONVENTION
ADJOURNS AT LOS ANGELES
SANDY HOOK. N. J.. Aug. 20.— Sir Thomas
Lipton was the first of the owners/ to return
from the Hook, returning on the Erin with
his guests. He was busy bidding them adieu,
but he stopped to say:
"No, I am not In the least disappointed with
my boat or Its efforts to-day. The wind was
so variable that neither boat had a good
chance, and particularly mine, with her smaller
sail area. Wait till we got a good breeze."
The yachts did not arrive at the Hook until
after 6 p. m. The captains refused to talk
for publication, and all that Mr. Iselln would
say was: "We were perfectly satisfied."
Lipton Is Not Disappointed With the
Shamrock's Efforts.
WANTS A GOOD BREEZE.
GLASGOW, Aug. 20. — Not since the contest
between the Thi6tle and Volunteer has there
been such excitement over the America's cup
races .as prevailed here to-day. The* streets
were filled with crowds which blocked all
traffic whenever the sight of a race bulletin
was obtainable. At Dumbarton the citizens
showed even more Interest. They have sub
scribed for a colored searchlight service by
which the results of the contests can be noti
fied to the surrounding country. The announce
ment that to-day's race had been called off
was received with bitter disappointment, but
there is a general feeling of confidence that
the Shamrock will make a better j showing on
Saturday.
Excited Crowds in the Streets Block
Traffic.
BULLETINS IN GLASGOW.
The excitement in Belfast and elsewhere was
Intense during the progress of the race, and
the streets were filled with eager crowds. The
universal sentiment Is that the Shamrock III
Is sure to reverse the positions when a fair
and steady breeze is secured.
BELFAST. Aug. 20. — While the showing of
the Shamrock III In her first race against the
Reliance Is a great disappointment to the chal
lenger's supporters, none is willing to admit
that she has not still a good chance of lifting
the cup.
The clubhouse of the Royal Ulster 'Yacht
Club was crowded this afternoon and evening
with members who eagerly scanned every bul
letin and who agreed that the fluky breeze
was alone responsible for the superior showing
of the Reliance.
Yachting Experts There Blame the
Fluky Breeze.
EXCITEMENT IN BELFAST.
SEATTLE. Aug. 2O.-St. Louis will be
the next place of meeting of the Trans-
MlssisElppi Congress if the executive com
mittee can make proper arrangements for
dates asd entertainment. The delegates
were unanimous In the choice for St
Louis for the convention city, but the
matter was left In the hands of the ex- j
ecutive committee for settlement, with .
the understanding that St. Louis is to be .
given the preference.
The committee on resolutions will be j
ready to report to-morrow afternoon. All •
the fights of the congTess have been in ,
the meetings of committees. The report j
will recommend a separate statehood for ;
Indian Territory and Oklahoma, and a!
tight will likely be made on the floor of
the congress by the delegates from Okla
homa, who want joint statehood.
The committee will favor the establish- j
ment of a fish hatchery on the banks of
the Fraser River. This was asked for by
the Washington delegates. They approve
the resolution recommending to Congress
that the consular service be placed under
civil sen-Ice. They also approve the res
olution from California that geological
surveys be continued.
The resolution favoring a ship subsidy
•was just about to be strangled when a
compromise was effected by the delegates
flora Washington urging the congress to
enact laws that will build an American
, merchant marine.
The sub-committee has reported In fa
vor of a Territorial form of government |
for Alaska, bvt the committee on resolu- j
tior.s has not threshed out that question.
Governor Brady is the only member of
the Alaska delegation who opposes this.
A chance was given the Alaska delega- j
tion to present their views to the con- ;
gToss to-day, but after Governor Brady ;
had told wfcy he was opposed to this
form of government ex-Governor Sinkerd
declined to talk because he could not
have time enouph.
The feature of the morning session to
day was the address of Hon. Walter
Giesham of Galveston on "The Necessity
of First-class Harbors to the Commer
cial and Industrial Development of Our
Country." He spoke in part as follows:
The American people, until within the last
i>-w years, have been too busy extending rail
ruads. building' factories and developing their
country to ra>' much attention to foreign com- i
mg-cf; but now we are operating three-fifths ;
of the railroad mileage on our globe, our man- j
ufacturf-d products are greater than those of j
t)::g;an3. France and Germany combined, we
bir ra'.r:r.g in*? largest surplus of breadstuff. |
hog proiucts and cotton of any country In the
worH. and these products are transported
¦within our beniers at a less average cost per
ton than thop? of any other country. These
facts d^mor.Ftratc conclusively the necessity for
the early Improvement oz our harbors upon
plans commenfurate with the needs of the
mo.iern instrumentalities of commerce, so that
our surplus products may reach the markets of
the world with the lea.*t delay and the smail
tFt transportation charges possible.
We have entered the contest for the com
mercial supremacy of tho world, and every fa
cility that th* Government can extend must
ar.d will be provided by Congress. One other
thing is essential to insure our complete and
permanent success as a great commercial na
tion and that a merchant marine, manned by
American 5»arfc*n and carrying the American
flag. L*t Congress provide for deep and com
modious harbors and «-na<?t liberal ship reg
istry—and th*- genius of the American merchant
backed by American capital will eoon supply
thf* veFS*»ls.
An iiour was devoted to the irrigation
question. A speech was made by George
H. Maxwell of Chicago, and a paper was
read by C. B. Boothe of Los Angeles on
this subject.
The delegates were taken to the Puget
Sound Navy Yard to-night to see the
cruiser New York and view the navy
yard.
There is no objection lo the employes of the
Government Printing: Office constituting them
selves into a union if they so desire, but no
rules or resolutions of that union can be per
mitted to override the laws of the United
States. wMch it is my sworn duty to enforce.
In the letter of the 14th the PresidenT
quoted the finding of the anthracite strike
The letters to Secretary Cortelyou were
written on July 13 and 14. The salient
Sentence of the first letter was:
My Dear Sir: The President directs me to
send to you -herewith for your information
copies of two letters sent to Secretary Cortel
you^wlth reference to the Government Printing
Office which define the attitude of the ad
ministration In connection with the subject dis
cussed. They are sent for your Information
and guidance, as they indicate the policy of.
the President in this matter.
To-night the President authorized the
publication of a statement which was sent
to each member of his Cabinet on July 22.
The letter was signed by Mr. Barnes, act
ing secretary of the President, and is as
follows: ;
" OYSTER BAY, L. I., Aug. 20.— President
Roosevelt has made applicable to all de
partments of the Government service the
principle he enunciated at the time he re
instated William A. Miller to' the position
in the Government printing office ' from
which Miller. had been dismissed because
of a disagreement with the Bookbinders'
Union. The President has plainly stated
to the members of his Cabinet that that
principle is "to indicate the policy of the
President". In similar cases.
St. Louis to Be Given the Preference
in the Matter of Selecting a
Convention City for
Next Year.
Cabinet for Information "~"~
and Guidance.
Publication Is, Authorized of State
ment Sent to Each. Member, of
The New York Yacht Club regatta
committee's tug established a line be
tween the Sandy Hook Lightship and her
self at 10:30 a. m. and signaled that the
race would be fifteen miles to windward
and return, tho 1 first leg south-southwest.
The wind was then blowing about five
knots.
There was a moderate sea running in
long ground swells,' and the boats were
pitching rather heavily. The conditions
were unfavorable to the Reliance, judg
ing from her early trials. The Shamrock
III was expected to have the advantage
in the light wind and rough water condi
tions prevailing. The preparatory signal
was fired at 10:45, and ten seconds later
came the warning signal. When the
start was made, a few seconds after the
warning signal, the Shamrock III led the
American boat across the line by about
fifty yards, but the Reliance held the
windward position.
Official starting time:
Shamrock III 11:01:14
Reliance 11:01:47
Both boats sailed seaward for an hour
and twenty minutes. The wind dropped
to about four knots soon after the start.
Within twenty-five minutes after the
starting the Reliance had overhauled the
Shamrock and was abeam of her and 200
yards to windward. The Reliance had
not only footed faster, but pointed higher
than the challenger and was showing that
.under conditions supposedly unfavorable
*to her she was the better boat. Half an
hour after the start, when the-boats were
about four miles from the starting line,
rain swept across the course and obscured
the yachts from all " observers except
those very close. The shower brought a
shift of wind to the westward, which
enabled the racers to lay a course direct
to the mark. This robbed the Reliance
of most of the advantage of her windward
position and put the boats on'ttlmost even
terms. They held that relative position
until they had sailed eight miles, when
the wind backed to south by west, again
making it a dead beat to the mark and
restoring to the Reliance her former ad
vantage in being to windward.
CHALLENGER IS OUTPOINTED.
When they made their first tack at
12:20 the Shamrock III was to leeward
and asttrn a few hundred yards. The
shower had passed. Then, for the first
time, the British challenger gave the ad
mirers of the defender a bad scare. With
out apparent reason she began to foot
faster than the Reliance, passed to lee
ward of her and drew a^way ahead, but
still to leeward. It looked for a moment
as though she was going to show her
heels to the Reliance, but when she came
about and the two boats met the admir
ers of the Reliance discovered that, while
the challenger had been outfootlng her,
the Reliance had been outpointing the
challenger and had even increased her
lead. The bows were nine miles from
the starting line and the Reliance had
a lead of a quarter of a mile.. In aMrop-
CONDITIONS FAVOR SHAMROCK.
The course was set fifteen miles south
west, straight down the Jersey coast and
return. At the start Captain Barr. clev
erly outgeneraled Captain Wringe, send
ing the Reliance over the line sixty-three
seconds behind the challenger but in the
windward berth. In the first twenty min
ute.s of sailing the defender showed her
windward qualities, drawing up on even
terms witn the challenger, besides being
about 200 yards to windward. Then the
storm broke and for thirty minutes the
rain came down in torrents, the wind
meanwhile increasing to twelve knots.
When the storm had passed the defend
er was seen to be firmly established on
the weather bow of the Shamrock III and
she was never afterward "headed.
During the last two hours of the race
the Reliance steadily increased her lead,
rounding the turn a mile ahead of the
Shamrock. Heading back for home, close
hauled, she had Just reached the Sham
rock, still outward bound, when. It being
apparent that the race could not be fin
ished in the time allowance, the regatta
committee beat at 3:45 fired the signal
which declared the race off.
The work of the patrol fleet was perfect.
Moving at right angles, line ahead and
line abreast, the revenue cutters kept the
yachts in the hollow of a moving angle,
as free from interference as if they had
been sailing in mldocean.
Under the rules, the first race, fifteen
miles to leeward or windward and return,
is now postponed until Saturday.
The Reliance reached the starting line at
10 a. m. and dropped her tow line. The
Shamrock III arrived ten minutes later.
No sooner had the Shamrock filled away
than the Reliance bore down upon her
from a windward position and hauled on
the wind alongside of her In a position to
blanket the challenger. Captain Wringe
promptly wore ship and bore away from
the Reliance, refusing to take part in the
brush.
WEINGE IS OUTGENERALED.
N< EW YORK, Aug. 20.— One, of
the biggest crowds of sight
seers and yachtsmen that ever
sailed down Sandy Hook to
\ witness an attempt of a for
"* eign cup-hunter to wrest from
America the yachting supremacy of the
world returned to New York to-night,
disappointed because the sea had refused
.1 field of combat to the racers. Never-'
thelots, the cr«,wd was Jubilant in the
conviction that Sir Thomas Lipton's Jat
tr.t challengjr. like the two Shamrocks
which had preceded her, was doomed to
return to England empty handed.
Of course the race to-day was not ab
solutely conclusive owing to the light
and shifting character of the air, but in
a fifteen-mile teat to windward, a por
t.on of which was sailed in a driving rain,
tt e cup defenrUr Reliance showed her
beds to. the {"hiin.rock III in commanding
st; le, and that, too. in weather conditions
which were suppoted to be to the partic
ular liking of the challenger. Fife's lat
ost creation has been heralded as a won-
Cei In light breezes in windward wont,
and especially wl'.h a Jumpy sea on, while
the Reliance on l:er trials had done n^r
best reaching and funning in a wholesa"«j
Kind. Yet to-day with a breeze varying
f.om one to twelve knots and against a
k-ng ground swsll the Reliance outfootel
and outpointed the SJiamrock. The Sham
rock did not turn the outer mark an>l
there is no way of knowing absolutely
how badly she was beaten, but it was es
timated ttiat she was more than a mile
astern, or sixteen minutes In the exist
ing strength of the wind, when the Re
liance rounded.
As a result of the trial, the experts bt
l'eve. blow high or blow low, that the
Reliance will win this, the thirteenth se
ries for the America's cup.
The day was a miserable one. A mist
lay over the city and ocean and when th<5
gr^at fleet of excursion steamers, steam
yachts, tugs and sailing vessels reached
; the starting line, where the racers were
] already jockeying for a position, threat
ening clouds were hovering over the Jer
sey heights. The breeze was not over six
i knots.
Just at that point the regatta commit
tee's tug displayed the signal, "The race
is off," and the Shamrock III came' about
and followed the Reliance a short dis
tance. The Shamrock III never turned
the mark. They were taken in tow of
tugs and the fleet, hurrying homeward,
quickly dropped them.
Admirers of the Reliance are jubilant
because the American yacht demonstrated
that in extremely light airs and unusual
ly rough water she could show her heels
to the British challenger, and those were
the conditions believed to be the severest
test of. the Herreshoff boat.
The defender hauled on the wind for a
close reach back to the finish line, sa
luted by the whistles of the big fleet. The
Shamrock III was coming on at a fast
pace to meet the returning defender, but
she was so far astern that it was eight
minutes after the Reliance turned the
mark before the racers passed going in
opposite directions, indicating that the
Reliance's actual lead was sixteen min
utes. . ¦.'¦"¦
When four miles from the turning mark
at 1:25 p. m. they started on a long leg
out to 6ea. . As they came about It was
apparent that the Reliance . was a mile
ahead. The wind had dropped to little
better than a flat calm, and the racers
were moving very slowly. The boats sev
eral times changed their head sails, but
the race degenerated into a : - drifting
match, and three'and a half hours after
the start it was evident that the race
could not be finished within the time
limit. The Reliance had steadily gained
and was two miles ahead of- her rival,
when the Shamrock Hi caught a little
wind from the west and began cutting
down the lead. The Reliance went about
when a mile away from the turn and,
catching the westerly wind, scurried
away for the mark with almost racing
speed. The wind continued to freshen
until she swept around the mark at 3:37:29,
heeling to a smart northwest breeze and
giving the first exhibition of her speed.-
ping wind the British boat twice slipped
past the Reliance to leeward, but she
was losing ground in the windward thresh
because the Reliance sailed closer to the
Wind. .;'• % :¦'¦'?"-: '.;'¦*¦¦'¦?•'•¦!. 'V. •'
Favors Separate Statehood
for Indian Territory and
Oklahoma.
Declares Laws^prthe United
States Must/ Not Be
. , Overridden.
Trans - Mississippi Con
gress Nears End of
Its Labors.
President States Policy
Toward Labor in
Departments.
THE first brush of the Reliance and Shamrock III resulted
in "no race," but the cup defender's partisans are jubi
lant, because in a light breeze Lipton's boat was fairly out
footed and outpointed in a fifteen-mile beat to windward.
The first race, fifteen miles to leeward or windward and return,
is postponed till Saturday.
DELEGATES
RUSH WORK
OF SESSION
UNION RULES
ARE NOT ABOVE
THE STATUTES
THE SAK FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 21. ,1903.
Pelletan of the French Cabinet Takes a Bride
Who Was a Schoolma'am and Pre
mier Combes Has Part in the Ceremony
MINISTER OF MARINE
WEDS FORMER TEACHER
Gallant Gup Defender Shows Unexpected
Superiority and Challenger Is a Mile
Astern When "No Race" Is Signaled
SHAMROCK OUTFOOTED
IN WIND TO HER LIKING
3
HEW ADVEETISEKEJTTS.
NO ACCIDENTS IN NATURE.
Every Calamity, No Matter How
Great, Has a Definite Beginning.
There are no accidents in nature. 4
The avalanche that without a moment's
warning rushes headlong down the
mountain side is not an accident.
For years previous tiny atoms have tx*en
cryftaMlzing and adding their minute weight
to the mass which left Its base when the ac-
cumulation reached a certain point.
Neither is baldness an accident. The Innni-
t**imal1y email eerra which is the cause of
Dandruff and Baldness feeds silently and long
before the result is sren.
Th* email cerms which thrive on the *ca!p
nnd which are the cause of Baldness and Dan-
druff cannot exist, however, when ICewbro's
Hfrpidde i a applied.
Bold by leading drureurta. Bend 10c In
Fta.mr.t for cample to The Heroictde Co., De-
troit. Mich.
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears tho /^P ZZSrf^Z^*
Signature of L/u&&%T<&Z&6tA:
What they are labeled, and
| nothing else — Schilling's Best
I— at your grocer's; moneyback.
t^m^m IVIen'^ Clot'hino 0 Rent.
' When you buy a suit from us the clothes go on your shoulders, but the
A*K^^ responsibility remains upon ours.
¦V - ur i nterest d° es not end with the sale. We are at all times responsible
j^^^^^^^M" t . here is a au^ * n the ma^ in § we re f unc * money or give the customer a
If a customer keeps the clothes we will make all necessary repairs free of
% a charge. We will also sponge and press the garments.
ii^l^'^^^mJraS In addition to your money's worth you get protection in buying here.
mm^MM^j^W^^^/L^ For as low a P rjce as # 9 we sel1 a st y lisn sack suit ot * all-wool material in
1^^^^^&^^\^^^^% solid blue serges, black thibets and mixed tweeds and cheviots. If you are
lookin D for econom y» coupled with good taste, these suits wijl win you
r^^^^^^^^^^^^^l^^ minute you set your eyes on them.
1^^^^^^^^^^M^^^& Remember, we offer a good stylish sack suit for
Fal! stvles m t0 P coats now ' m > comprising oxford cheviots, fancy cassi-
meres and coverts in various shades; price $9l00.
Special ?ale °* men ' s f ancv worsted striped pants in a number of pat-
I Boys' and Youths' Clothing Dept.
We have just received from our workshops several lines of youths'
M^B ; %%^^gSM^ * troupers. They are the latest in- cut and pattern, comprising fancy stripes at
$ 2 '00> $3.00, $3.50 and $4.00; and solid blue cheviots at $2.50.
The y are i ust tne thin s to tons u p a coat and vest » and § ive tnem the
breasted styles, latest cut gaiments, ages 12 to 19 years; price reduced to
Boys' blue serge three-piece suits in single and double breasted styles; neat, stylish garments llpfilf
This year we are showing the best and largest line of boys' sweaters we have ever displayed. K$S >?%&?,
The assortment contains all the popular colors. You will see what the prices mean when you see ; $&$$ W%%
We mention in particular our $1.00 line of fancy woven sweaters in the following colors: ' Wl$k
Horizontal stripes— maroon and white; black and purple; gray and red; royal and green. Perpen- Sili
dicular stripes— red and green;, green and pink; navy and white; gray and red. •. 1118? lIBl
Boys' Golf Caps in many different patterns, 25c. .;.,>¦ wg&S tPlis
'Boys' Yacht Caps in blue/brown arid red, for 45c.; ...- ; Boys' Sailor Caps.in blue; 45c. " ''8» 111S
Free to school children for the asking— School Buttons for any public school. 3||| Kg!
We fill Mail Orders/or anything inMen's or O*AL* wVI ll 1 1 I Al I fi B* M%2k S^V
Boys' Clothing, Furnishings or Hats. Write for \ *^/ .T \ V \J^ "\li^
64-page Illustrated Catalogue. ;i 7 Aft Mflnket Street /^&' o^^f-o -^^I congratulate you upon the glorious work
achieved. I congratulate you upon what you
have to hand down to your children's children.
It l» the greatest legacy that mortals were
ever given to leave to posterity and the Influ
ence upon mankind will be great long after
you ar« gone.
I regret that I cannot remain with you
longer. It is a reunion never to be forgotten
possibly never to be repeated in thia place'
Within an hour I take the train to cross the
continent. I made an engagement last winter
to meet the veterans of x ew Hampshire on
the 26tn and 27th of this month. If no un
usual delay occurs I will be there on time 1
shall carry with me the pleasant memories of
this gathering and good cheer to your com
rades in the State of New Hampshire m "
I thank you for your cordial greeting ....j
J&eWT •" happin *»- and^oSpVft]?
An adjournment was taken tratU ••*.
o'clock this morning.
Last of Famed Pirates.
As late as the year 1525 the waters ad
jacent to Porto Rico were infested by a
bloodthirsty band of pirates led by a
Spaniard named Confrecinas. It was the
proud boast of the buccaneer chief that
he neither gave nor asked quarter. In
March of the year mentioned Captain
John Drake Sloat, who twenty-one years
later raised the American fjag over Cali
fornia, was placed in command of the
eioop of war Grampus, with orders to pro
c«*ed to the West Indies and wipe- the pi
rates off the ocean. The Grampus cruised
for some weeks without catching Bight of
any pirate vessel. One morning while the
eloop was lying at anchor In the harbor
of San Juan a man who had swum ashore
from a merchant vessel captured by Con
frecinas reported that the pirate brig was
anchored In the Boca <5e Inferno (Mouth
of Hell), an obscure harbor some miles
up the coast, waiting to attack a heavily
laden schooner which was to sail from San
Juan that very day.
Confrecina« knew the Grampus well, eo
to make sure of his prey Captain Sloat
placed a heavily armed crew and cannon
leaded with jrrape on board the schooner
and eallled forth. The pirates, unsus
pecting any resistance, bore down on' the
<3!&guised vessel with the black flag and
ftkull and cross-bones at the brig's mast
head. Not a. move Was made by Sloat
and his crew until the vessels were almost
alongside, when the marines arose from
the deck and poured a deadly fire into
{he brig. Confrecinas rallied his men and
for some time kept up a running fight,
showing great skill in manipulating his
crippled vessel. He was finally forced to
run his brig ashore. Forty of the crew
with the buccaneer chief were captured
by waiting soldiers. They were taken to
San Juan, court-martialed the next day
ond shot. Confrecinas was the last .to
die. When they attempted to bind hi»
eyes he threw the men aside, ridiculed the
priest and exclaimed with a loud voice:
"I have plain hundreds with my own
hands and I know how to die. Fire." He
fell pierced by many bullets, the last and
most bloodthirsty of the buccaneers of
that region.— Harper's Weekly. .
Somehow it is a bewildering thought
that any one In Topeka, that proud town,
•- w M rlng old clothes from Atchlson.
People who never heard of appendicitis
until the Klng'8 Illness will be astonished
to learn how prevalent tho disease is. A
Birmingham lecturer on "Appendicitis
and Its Relation to Life Insurance."
states that In 1000 about 13.000 persons la
the United Kingdom were operated on
for appendicitis, with a mortality of ten
per cent. It was estimated that 1500 per
sons lost' their lives annually through
this complaint.— London Tld-BIts.
Committee to visit Woman's Relief Corps —
A. C. Yengling, Ohio; Orten S. Clark, Minne
sota: C. Mason Klnne, California. .
Committee on resolution — N. P. Chlpman,
California (chairman) ; C. W. Buckley, ¦; Ala
bama; Edward 8chwartz, Arizona: George W.
Clark, Arkansas; William P. Harbottle, Colo
rado and Wisconsin; George I. Buxton, Con
necticut; Daniel Ross, Delaware; Henry Mar
cotte, Florida ; William Walpert, Georgia;
John M. Bernard. Idaho; Horace S. Clark.
Illinois; George W. Grubbs, Indiana; H. T.
Bdlln, Indian Territory; Charles A. Clark,
Iowa; P. H. Coney Kansas; Michael Mlnton,
Kentucky: Paul Bruce, Louisiana and Mlesfs
sli.pl; Wainwright Cushlng, Maine; George R.
Wheeler, Maryland; Charles H. Frye. Massa
chusetts; Louis Kaultc, Michigan; Perry
Starkweather, Minnesota; Charles G. Burton,
Missouri; \V. H. Black.' Montana;' S. K.
Bpaldlng, Nebraska; Edward Carr, New Hamp
fhtre; James R. MUllken, New Jersey; Richard
Hudson, New Mexico; Allan G. Bakwcll,,New
York; R. M. Davis, North Dakota; ;'J.~ I*
Smith. : Ohio ; J. P. Cummlngs. Oklahoma ; L.
E. Caukrn. Oregon; Edwin • Walton, Pennsyl
vania; ¦ -. John McElroy, ' Potomac; . Theodore F,*
Dexter. Rhode Island ; ' Philip Laurence, South
Dakota; W. J. Smith, Tennessee: Edward
Ketchen, Texas ; Frank H. Clark; Utah; J. H.
Gouldlng, Vermont j George • W. McAllister.
Rules and regulations— Robert B. Beath
(chairman); Guy T. Gould, Illinois: James 8.
Dodge, Indiana; A: W. Smith, Kansas; H. EJ
Palmer, Nebraska. " ¦ - _ •
Committee on report of the constitution of
records^ — Daniel Ross, Delaware;- David
Isaacs, New York; John H. Bolton. Texas.
Committee on the report of senior and Junior
vice commander In chief— C. W. Huckley, Ala
meda; William Stahl; John W. Itutter, Vir
ginia; Joseph -II. Browning, Kentucky; P. F.
Chase, Potomac
Committee on report of adjutant general— C.
A. Partridge. Illinois; Charles A. Suydam.
Pennsylvania: Philip S. Chase, Rhode Island;
George A. Newton, Iowa; Frank Battles, New
Hampshire.
Committee on report of Inspector general-
Wade H. Richardson, Wisconsin; .James L.
Merrick, Maine; Henry W. Knight. New
York; Fayctte Wykoff, Michigan; N. Burton
Rodgers, Connecticut.
Committee to visit ladles of the Grand Army
of the Republic— K. II. Holgate, Pennsylvania:
Richard Robertson, West Virginia; II. J.
Rowe, North Dakota.
% Committeo on quarterm£tster general — E. R.
Montfort, Ohio; M. J.- Cummlngs, New York;
F. M. Sterrett, Missouri; Frank Kenfleld, Ver
mont; A. W. Barrett, California. ,
Committee on report of Junior advocate gen
eral — H. E. Talhter, Connecticut; Lee S. Es
telle, Nebraska; Charles Curie, New Jersey;
Lucius Field, Massachusetts; John R. McFie,
New Mexico.
Committee on report of chaplain in chief —
Ser.eca Taylor. Kansas; Henry Perry. Okla
homa; Charles Rlchter, Ohio; C." S. Lucas, Ne
braska; S. G. Cosgrove, Washington and
'Alaska. . •
pommlttee'on address of commander, In chief
— A. G. WeiMert, Wisconsin; Dwight O.
Judd, Massachusetts; George W. Pattotj. Ten
nessee; Benjamin Starr, Indiana; Charles H.
Freeman; New York.
Veterans be admitted to the post of the
Grand Army of the Republic >as visitors
only, ond with certain limitations and re
strictions. The delegates battled over this
report for nearly an hour and In the end
voted against it. ' v .
General Ell.- Torrance of Minnesota,
commander in chief of 1902, was presented
with a magnificent gold badge studded
with diamonds. This *was voted to. him
by the encampment and' the token was
presented to him by Thomas G. Sample
of Plttsburg. General Shafter presented
a badge, to tho encampment on behalf of
H.'M. Richardson of Vallejo.
Commander in Chief Stewart then ap
pointed the following committees and an
adjournment was taken for lunch:
NEW COMMITTEES.
There \ was a stormy debate over the
adoption of the report submitted by the
committee on the relations of the Sons of
Veterans, recommending that the Sons of
The report on the committee on monu
ment to be erected in Washington, 9. C.
in memory of Dr. Benjamin F. Stephen
son, founder of the Grand Army of the
Republic, was read. It showed that $4000
had been - received. The committee was
empowered to continue collections, receive
designs and proceed with .the erection* of
the monument when sufficient funds shall
have been collected.^
HAVE A STORMY DEBATE.
Judge Burton, chairman of the commit
tee on pensions, read an Interesting re
port and It was adopted. The resolution
which he submitted, asking Congress
to pass a service pension bill to pay all
veterans over 62 years of age, was read
and adopted.
The report of Inspector General P. A-
Walsh contained the following figures:
Number of posts 67i4 — a loss of 5; members
In good standing. 255,200— a loss of 0162; ag
gregate of post relief funds, $900,800— an in
crease of $23,lS5; aggregate expenditure by
posts for relief. $158.060— a decrease of $60,513.
The post quartermasters and trustees have on
hand ?10<,878. The value of the property
owned by ihe posts is $1,815,103.
Chaplain in Chief D. B. Shuey said in
his report:
There Is a . growing danger that Memorial
day will be used by Borne as a holiday In the
sense of pleasure and thus lose sight of ltd
sacred significance. Baseball games and all
kinds of amusements ought to be prohibited on
that day and every effort should be made 1j>*
municipal authorities and others to prevent its
desecration. The school children, upon whose
receptive minds the greatest and deepest 1m
presslonB of the eacredness of the day will be
made, should be invited, yea, urged to take
part in these annual services. While all fra
ternal organizations should be Invited to par
ticipate, the decoration of graves of their de
ceased members who did not serve In the de
fense of the nation should be discouraged as
being In violation of the meaning of Memorial
day and Us services.
eral dead who rest in the national ceme
teries in the South. It was in part as
follows:
The eraves of Union soldiers in the North
will continue to be remembered by kindred or
ganizations when we have all answered the
last rollcall. The graves of the Confederate
dead will also be the natural sMrine of devo
tion, • of loving kindred spirits for generations
to come. But to whom can we bequeath the
sacred duty of dropping a blossom and a sym
pathetic tear on Memorial day upon the graves
of the 260,000 Federal dead who sleep on
Southern soil, and teach the lesson of patrio
tism, associated with them, to future genera
tions in the South? There Is scarcely a home
In the North but is represented by one or moro
of these fallen heroes, and to their kindred
and friends this is certainly a question of most
absorbing interest. It is evident that the main
dependence In perpetuating our Memorial 1 day
in the Southern departments must be our Sons
of Veterans, the .Woman's Relief Corps and
other kindred patriotic associations, which may
combine. Inviting all sympathizing people to
Join them in the formation of strong and per
manent memorial associations as auxiliary so
cieties. These organizations are . naturally
weak in the South and the present tendency is
not toward increasing strength; •« They are in
great need of the aid and stimulus which the
Grand Army alone can give them, and the In
spiration of a full realization of the groat re
sponsibilities which are bequeathed to them.
The South Is the best field they have for active
service and it is the most neglected. ,
CONDITION OF POSTS.
. Mr. Kinne was elected by acclamation.
Being called to the stand he made a few
appropriate remarks, accepting the nom
ination.
Harry C. Kessler of Montana, who dur
ing the War of the Rebellion was a mem.
ber of the famous Bucktall Regiment of
Pennsylvania and who during the Span
ish-American war was colonel of the
C. Mason Kinne of San Francisco was
nominated for ; the offlce of senior vice
commander in chief by General Shafter,
who eald: i • *\
I am going to let his works speak for them
selves. * He has twice commanded this depart
ment, has 'been twice commander of- his post,
and ¦ is now senior vice commander of . this de
partment.
NEW OFFICERS CHOSEN.
The hour of 3:45 p. m. was the time set
for tho election of officers, and when the
commarfder had announced such to be the
order of business Past Commander Law
ler of Illinois arose and homtnated Gen
eral James C. Black of Illinois. Ills
speech was short but full of eulosry. Min
ton of Kentucky and Torrance of Minne
sota seconded the nomination. Under
suspension of the rules General Black
was elected by acclamation. \ There wer^
loud cries for the new commander In
chief, and when General Black appeared
on the platform he was given an ovation.
When the enthusiasm subsided he said:
. I shall do in all ways whatever I can as
your representative to advance the cause of
comrade and country. I know how ¦ weak any
man Is in the presence of the majesty of the
American people, but when I speak with your
voice I believe that all the people will hear
and will accord that which you request.'
A committee was appointed to Invite
General Mllea and General MacArthur to
visit the encampment.
B£.ACK IS ELECTED. .
Colonel Smedberg of California present
ed a report of the standing committee of
the Memorial University at Mason City,
Iowa, instituted by the Sons of Veterans.
The institution Is in a flourishing condi
tion, owning property valued at several
hundred thousand dollars and having 300
to 400 pupils in attendance.
Delegations were received from the
Woman's Relief Corps, the Association of
Army Nurses and the Ladies of the
Grand Army of the Republic. Several
speeches were made by the visitors and
appropriate responses by members of the
encampment.
The first- report of the afternoon was
that of the flag committee. This is a.
standing committee appointed for the
purpose of fostering public sentiment in
favor of honoring the national flag. It
recommended the passage of bills through
Congress and the different States for this
purpose. The report of the committee
was adopted.
Kimball of tho city of Washington pre
sented a report 'on the subject of claims
of veterans tor preference In public ser
vice, and a resolution was adopted ask
ing the President to issue an executive
order granting this preference to veter
ans, and for the making of an order by
him giving preference to veterans on the
labor roll of the executive departments.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Virginia and North Carolina; J. B< Brown,
Washington and Alaska; George B. Woodcock.
West Virginia; J. W. G&enes, Wisconsin.
The Government has refused to be
moved by the touching spectacle of a
man's neck in the embrace of the colls of
a gun, and has rejected the claim on the
ground that the injury complained of. In
view of the explanation of Ha occurrence.
Is not a ratable disability. This ruling
suggests that if the Injury to the eyes
accrued from the shock of the impact of
the shell with the sun the veteran's
nerves also would have been affected,
and there is no showing that tho nerves
were Impaired in any degree.—Washing
ton Star.
One of the most remarkable stortes ever
told by a veteran as a basis for pension
emolument is set forth in a claim from a
man in Ohio. The claimant waa very anx
ious to get his money and was particular
to go into detail as to the way in which
he became entitled to a pldee on the na
tion's pay roll. He alleges that during a
battle the fragment of a shell struck his
gun while It was at right shoulder and
bent the barrel of the gun about hl3 neck
In an , uncomfortable and embarrassing
fashion. He himself escaped the shell,
but the barrel refused to be disentangled.
The claimant contended under oath that
the barrel was so hopelessly bent around
his neck that it took three men to un
wind it. He alleges that by reason of this
peculiar, freakish and unprecedented ac
tion of the gun barrel his eyes were bad
ly Injured, and he therefore claims pen
sion. "
A Bemarkable Pen3ion Claim.
iThe reading or reports then occupied the
attention of the delegates. • The repon of
the junior vice commander in chief
James T. Averlll, was devoted to the Fed-
On behalf of the staff, General Black
presented a magnificent gold and diamond
badge to the commander in chief.- His
speech was one of eulogy and when called
upon to respond General Stewart was
deeply touched. He expressed his heart
felt thanks for ihe kindness of his staff
and caid they had aided him ¦ materially
and had worked faithfully in the interests
of the organization they all loved. .
BADGE FOE STEWAET.
The administration by the Board of Pensions
of the pension laws, that for so many years
had proven to vexatious and unsatisfactory,
seems to have been adjusted to a degree of
satisfaction. I believe the present Commis
sioner is earnestly endeavoring to discharge
the duties of his high and Important offlce
honestly, liberally and Justly, and yet he Is
not able to satisfy the many who feel and
assert that the Government has not dealt
and is not . dealing Justly with them- The
complaints are not so numerous or so vigorous
as in the recent past, and yet they are suffi
cient to warrant our earnest and careful atten
tion and consideration. Complaint will never
entirely cease, nor will cases of Injustice be
entirely eliminated from the administration
of each a great trust, but by an honest, fair
and liberal administration of the laws, we
may reach the minimum of complaint and of
injustice. Is not the time at hand when wis
dom and justice both warrant such an adjust
ment of the pension laws as will meet the con
dition that exists by providing for • a fixed
amount of pension per month? I believe It
would be wise to appoint a committee whose
duty would be to frame a proper bill and pre
sent the same to Congress, providing for a
pension of not less than $12 per month for all
honorably dUcharged soldiers. sailors or
marines who may choose to apply.
ABOUT PENSION LAWS.
Contribution* to a limited extent for the
home et Mountain Springs, Ala., have been
received from every part of the country.
Major Palkner, the chairman of the com.
mlttee on way* and means, said to the com
mander in chief, the fraternal feeling and the
kind sentiments expressed by the different G.
A. R. pobti and the individual members there
of throughout the North haa touched and soft
ened the hearts of every Confederate soldier
in the South.
The responses to the general order request
ing contributions to aid the comrades in the
southern departments in the work of cele
brating Memorial day have been liberal.
The noble and laudable effort of the Grand
Army of the Republic to place love of country
and flag prominently tcfore the youth of the
land has been eminently successful, and has
reached all parts of the republic and Its de
pendencies. The tendency toward the enact
ment of laws directing patriotic education and
reverence for the flag is encouraging and com
mendable.
tern In tribute to our brave or.:* who sleep
in the gardens of the sea. Let them in child
hood strew the flowers and sing the songs,
and they in turn will teach their children to
do the same, and thus truly will our dead be
remembered by our children and our children's
children through the generations yet to be.
The Woman's Relief Corps continues with
unabated zeal the splendid work to which it
is devoted and for which it is organized. The
Ladies of the Grand Army is none "the less
earnest and active in the work in which they
are eo lovingly and loyally engaged. The
name Sons of Veterans is full of meaning.
They feel that theirs is a heritage of glory —
that they etand apart in a measure from the
young men of their time. Bring the boys up
nearer the post room, nearer the Grand Army,
Rnd they will form the new line of Union
lovlng. patriotic men, whose flag and purpose
and altar will be that of their fathers'.
We remember the time when you,- as young
men. gathered up all the bright prospects of
life, and were prepared to lay them. If need
be. on the altar of your country; we remem
ber how grandly you marched; we remem
ber how you left the happy homes; we remem
ber the tears at parting from those home*,
many of them soon to be draped in mourning,
and we recall the day of terrible battles and
campaigns of - Americans against Americans,
in a theater of war extending from the Potomac
to the Rto Grande, with the whole world for
an audience. And what are the gratifying
and glorious results? Never was a war so
desperately fought, never wa» a war fought
with such sacrifice and never a war ended
so gloriously. When peace came, when the.
two contending armies had fought It
Out for » the Qrinciplea that they believed
to be right, the hands of brave men
were clasped, and they were brothers again,
and henceforth and forever will be one nation
from ocean to ocean and from the lakes to
the sea. Those brave men turned their faces
toward the great West, and ¦> shoulder to
shoulder they have touched elbows in devel
oping this great and mighty western portion
of our continent, and they nave changed the
mountains and plains Into settled communi
ties, happy homes, and have vied with each
other in efforts to maintain the honor and In
tegrity and grandeur of one great republic.
Certainly I it must be most gratifying for you
to witness such results. It has been my for
tune to be associated and Identified wltb the
West, and nothing has been more gratifying
to me than to see the men of the South and
the men of the North building up here grand
States in the great West and doing an equal
Commander and Comrades of the Grand
Army of the Republic: This is one of the
most enjoyable events of my life. There is no
company more dear to me than that of the
brave men who saved this nation. I rejoice
to be with you on this occasion. I thank you
for the compliment of this Invitation to be
with you. 1 congratulate you on your success
and I congratulate you on the fact that you
have chosen my old friend, a distinguished
hero . and a distinguished general, as your
commander for the ensuing year.
I have one request to make, and that is. b»
tciTit you leave here you have your baggage
checked for Boston for the next encampment.
I can assure you, as a Boston boy, that you
will receive a most cordial welcome in the
grand old Bay State, the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts; and what is more, that you will
have an opportunity of meeting in the cradle
of liberty. It has been said that the hand
that rocks the cradle rules the world. My
comrades, you have moved the world, and no
more fitting place could be found for your next
gathering than in the cradle of liberty. It is
also certain that no more fitting place could
have been found for this celebration than here
on the shores of the Pacific, in this metropolis,
by the Golden Gate of California. It has given
an opportunity tr> you, as you come from the
East and the West, from the palms of the
South, and the forests of the North, to realize
what you fought for, "and what your comrades
died for. ! It is an inspiration to the people
o( this* country, to see their heroes moving fronT
every quarter of this country to this grand
reunion, and it has been an inspiration, a rev
elation and a consolation to you to realize
that this Is our country, saved by your valor,
fortitude and sacrifices. You have seen the
grand old flag under which you marched and
campaigned and fought float In great States
and over millions of happy homes. The cause
was certainly one of the grandest In which
any warriors could be engaged.
GENERAL MILES SPEAKS.
Following the election of officers came
the selection of a place for the next en
campment. The city of Boston was
named by Department Commander Judd
of Massachusetts, and Department Com
mander Vaughn of Colorado spoke for
Denver. Before the conclusion of the bal
lot, it being apparent that Boston would
be selected, Denver was withdrawn and
Boston was selected by acclamation.
Following the selection of the city of
Boston as the place for holding the next
encampment General Mllos was called to
the stand and spoke as follows:
First Montana Volunteers, was elected
junior vice commander. Mr. Kessler re
turned from the Philippine Islands' with
the rank of brigadier general.
The only real contest was for the office
of chaplain in chief. Two ballots were
necessary. On the first ballot Bross of
Nebraska received 288 votes, Scott of Ari
zona received 306 votes and Bradford of
the city of Washington 35 votes. Scott
was elected on the second ballot.
9:30 a. m. — Third session of the Thirty-seventh National, Encampment, Grand Opera-house.
10 a. m. — Grand reception in the city of Oakland to visiting veterans and their friends.
10 a. m. — Special train excursions to Big Trees and Santa Cruz. (Narrow-gauge route.)
2 p. m. — Closing session of the Thirty-seventh National Encampment, Grand Opera-house. .
8 p. m. — Campfire at Mechanics' Pavilion. Speeches by distinguished visitors.
8 p. m. — Spanish- American War Veterans' Reunion, B. B. Hall, 121 Eddy street.
8 p. m. — Ladies of the G. A. R., general reception. Union-square Hall, 421 Post street. ,
8 p. m.— Illumination Triumphal Arch.
Grand Jirmy Programme To^Day.
Before returning iiome you will b« Interested
In #eelng Saiwallto, Mill Valley or San Rafael,
the beautiful suburban home district; 14 traini
daily via North Shore R. R. CSausallto ferry).
Fare round trip. 23c to 50c ltount Tamalpala
(scenic railway trip). *l 00. Ticket office. «:«»
Market street. S. F. (Phone Private Exc. 166.J*
Holders of G. A R. Tickets.
NOTICE
The Oriental features of the reception
were designed . and successfully carried
out by the ladles' auxiliary to the press
committee, consisting of Mrs. C. Mason
Kinne, Mrs. Samuel W. Backus, Mrs.
Hugh M. Burke. Mrs. Charles L. Pierce.
Mrs. E. C. Lefflngwell and Mrs. Frederick
W. Ross.
There was so much entertainment that
even the strangers to the city who want
ed to get a good view of the paintings
confessed that no time was allowed them
In which to ruminate and criticize San
Francisco art.
Among those who received the guests at
the institute were:
Mr* Hu«h M. Burke. Mrs. B. W. Backus.
Mrs. rr*d W. Hot*. Mrs. C. Mason Klnne, Mrs.
Ernest Simpson. Mrs. Marion B. Foster Mr«.
K. L. Byrne. Mr*. W. S. Leake. Mrs. E. C.
Stock. MIm Marie Ferllng. Mre. Brdbks. Mies
Jene Macdon&ld. Miss Mabel . Moore and Min«
Grace Ffrn. Hugh M. Burke, president of th«
press comir.Ktee. assisted In receiving.
Among tiie ruest* were: Judge and Mrs.
Wellington C. Burnett. Mrs. F. P. Cady Mrs.
It. M. Huntiey. Mr*. A. E. Parry and Mrs. M.
L. Bobb of Mitchell, S. D., Mrs. Frank T
Green, Mrs. C. W. Card, George Bromley.
Mayer William Fowler and Mr*. Fowler of
Itedlands. L. W. Clark, Mrs. Charles Lacey
Pluxsb. Mr*. L. P. Williams. Mrs. J. H. Blew
«>tt. Mre. Eleanor lnnes, Mrs. Robert Burgh.
Mrs. T. J. Panzlni. Mrs. M. E. Ferguson. Mrs.
Frederick Wulff. Mrs. M. Haarmann of Texas;
Lieutenant Rubottom. Ninth United States
Cavalry; Mies Rubottom, Miss Grace L. Moller
Mrs. Winfleld Scott, Mrs. W. O. Gould. Mm.
W. T. Kolrrove, Mrs. Francis Smith. Mr. and
Mrs. W. N. Brunt. Mrs. M. W. Royce Mrs.
T. P. H. Wfcitelaw. Mrs. S. P. Tujfgle. Mrs.
C. C. Royce. John MeNaught. Mrs. Jack Craw
ford. William Crofts Bulltn. Mr. and Mrs.
Klllott Wheeler of New York. Mrs. R. E. Peck.
Mrs. A. Wilson. Mrs. R. Carmany. Miss Alice
May. Mr*. E. Crocker, Mrs. Fr*d M. Johnson.
Mies Marie Conlan. Mr. and Mr*, and Miaj
W. E. Tucker. Mrs. L. K. Taylor of New York.
Mrs. I. I. Keablfs. Mrs. AuFtln Bpecry, Mr!
and Mrs. Franklin H. Day, Dr. Q. F. Nevlns,
Colonel and Mrs. Hubbard. Mr. and Mrs. Tom
Lockwond. Miss Stone. MIfs Katherlne Ball,
Miss Jeane Long. Mrs. John F. Swift, Dr. Ross
Mrs. W. F. Morfew. Mre. E. D. Howe, Mrs!
N. B. Moore, Mrs. V. S. Bradley, Mrs. E. J.
Lenotr. Miss Laura Prather. Mr. and Mrs. J.
P. Reid. Dr. and Mrs. C. A. Bonestell. Mrs.
J. Bowman. Mrs. Hayes C. French. C. A. II
Warfitld. Mrs. C. H. Bl!nn and Mr. and Mrs.
Frank Pierce.
There were compositions of Quong Pa
Sung, the Sir Arthur Sullivan of Canton,
and Lo Lung and Quong Tart, the Mo
zarts of the imperial court, and other
composers of renown in the flowery land.
A quartet of pretty, willow-patterned
Chinese children from the Methodist Mis
sion sang selections In English which
amazed the visitor* from the East. A
number of Chinese maidens from the
Methodist Mission and a few from the
Presbyterian Mission kindly and grace
fully handed round to the 2000 guests
pretty little trays with tiny cups of re
freshing tea. Every one agreed that the
reception was as much of a success as It
v.-as novel.
It was a great throng of fashionables
that attended the reception. There were
army men and newspaper men, women of
national distinction, and artists, travelers
and authors.
Away up in the gallery the United
States Third Artillery Band fron»the Pre
sidio, under the direction of its bandmas
ter. Armand Putz. discoursed the most
patriotic of the nation's music.
Between numbers beautiful and heart
ful melodies, sung in the long past by sol
diers on the battle field, were exquisitely
rendered by the Press Club Quartet, and
downstairs, in the handsome dining-room
of the mansion, were seated Chinese mu
sicians, who played their quaint and sur
prisingly melody-touched compositions
with a precision and acknowledgment of
tempo that quite surprised the vast and
interested assemblage.
Members of the pr^ss. weldom connect
ed with matters executive, showed their
ability not alone as masters of entertain
ment, but as devisers of programmes of
music which will surely be emulated in
the future.
Bearers of the sword and musket and
ihose women who hava become renowned
throughout America as the guardian an
gels of the sol-iier. took part In the dis
tinguished gathering of notables at the
newspaper men's entertainment.
The press committee, Thir
ty-seventh National Encampment, Grand
Array of the Republic, gave a reception
to newspaper writers at the, famous gal
lery of international art which will be re
corded as one of the most unique and
bohemlan entertainments ever held with
in the Golden Gate.
_ —ARK HOPKINS INSTITUTE
JS OF ART was besieged yester-
Jfyjf day by warriors of the pea
%/ v JL and warriors of the sword.
John 'F. Kheehan. Robert Graham. John
Scott. William F. Howe Joseph Washington.
Albion E. Leavitt. D. M. Caahln, William S.
Small Samuel C. Smith. Samuel W. Knowles.
Horat'io S. Rembaugh. Robert Graham Wil
liam F. Toothaker, John Murphy and Walter
Bernard.
The post does not intend to closa*its
hospitable doors until the last thins on
Saturday night. The following are the
entertainers:
The California Quartet rendered selec
tions which were heartily received, Mis3
Hllmar Buttlar recited "Pride of Battery
B," Miss Helen Travis rendered "A Vis
ion When the Band Played ! and many
others contributed to the evening's en
joyment.
General George G. Meade Post No. 43,
Department of California and Nevada,
has been k3eping open house during the
week, and yesterday gave an entertain
ment at 103 OTarrell street which will bo
cherished' as one of the most enjoyable of
Its kind during the great encampment of
1903.
Turning to the reception of the G. A.
R., General Stewart declared he had not
words at his command adequate to ex
press his appreciation for California's re
ception and loyalty to those who were
taking part in the encampment.
To the Ladles of the Grand Army of the
Republic he brought words of commenda
tion, coupled with the heartfelt gratitude
of the organisation of which he is com
mander In chief.
General Shafter received an ovation
when he arose to address the assemblage,
as did also E. J. Butler, past department
commander.
The Ladles of the G. A. U. arranged a
programme of music and patriotic recita
tions and supplied a great table with Cal
ifornia delicacies, and did so many kindly
things that General Stewart said he Could
never forget San Franci3co's generosity.
The general was introduced by Mrs. M.
Anna Hall, national president of the La
dies of the Grand Army, in a speech full
of sentiment and patriotism.
General Stewart, earnest, powerful of
voice and every inch the soldier, recount
ed the valor, the doughty deeds and the
determination of the men who went to the
front under the folds of Old Glory.
-While admitting the horrors of the bat
tle field, the pafn consequent on war, the
intense suffering of those left behind to
mourn the loss of father, brother or son,
he told his hearers of the progress that
has sprung from battle, the advancement
of peoples and the stability of nations fol
lowing conflict.
semblage of veteran* and their
friends anxious to pay homage with
the Ladles of the Grand Army of
the Republic to Commander in Cblef
Stewart, who the previous evening had
received a similar greeting from the
Woman's Relief Corps.
«y yNION SQt'ARE HALL, last n!gr?rt
W / J was packed to the doors, as was
B J also every inch of the stairway
leading to the hall, with an as-
Thousands Enjoy
Hospitality of
Press.
Crowds Gather to
Honor Brave
Officer.
Chinese Orchestra
Provides the
Music.
Ladies of Grand
Jirmy Give Pleas*
ing Function.
HOPKINS
INSTITUTE
THRONGED
RETIRING
COMMANDER
IS FETED
NEWSPAPER MEM AND WOMEN ARE HOSTS AT RECEPTION
THE SAN FBAN CISCO CALL> FBIDAY, AUGUST 21; 1903.
Eloquent Speeches
Delivered by
Orators.
Scene at Mark Hopkins Art Institute Yesterday During the Reception to Visiting' Newspaper Writers
Continued From Page 1, Column 3.
Delegates Finish
Large Amount
• of Work.
Four great coal areas are about to ho
exploited in South Africa. Th« most
southerly field lies between Ladysmith
and the northern boundary of N*a.tal.
These reg'ona will In th# n«?ar future sup
ply a large part of the world's demand
for coal. Natal exported 2O4.0QO tans in
189L J
.,
part In building up the greatest and mightiest
of republics. Certainly wo can rejoicrs at
the Influence of the republic that you saved.
TheT^ have sprung . up In the Western f Ipral
sphert south of the Rio Grande republics em.
bracing 50.000.000 of people, living under In
stitutions copied from ours.
"" CONGRATULATES VETERANS.
4Visitor Struck by Streetcar.
?$rr. G. II. Kf-llr.0, one of the \-lsitors from
fh«»'East attending the G. A. R. encampment,
net with a. painful accidrnt yesterday after
n<v,a by being ftruck L-y a northbound Kearny
»tre*t ca.r at Kearny and Sutler streets. She
tva* picked up by Patrolman Tcutenberg. but
t- ¦». ,; medical attendance and repaired to ber
*rartn>enta at 140:» Franklin Etreet.
Souvenirs of California.
We ere headquarters for souvenir pos
!*' cards', view books, maps, orange and
I'dwood panels and kelp novelties, etc.
Cs *l>orn. Vail & Co., 741 Market etreet. •
Extra Sausalito Boat.
JJaily August 17th to ;£2d lncJuelve an extra
(•cat !>:.' leave £2x1 Francisco at 10:30 p. m. for
f-'auKKito, £*a Rafael. Mill Valley and inter
tnc'.li.it point*. Last boat leave* at 11:45
All old soldiers from Iowa are requested
to assemble" on . the boat while crossing
,the bay and remain together until reach-
Ing the place where the luncheon will -be
served./
Thejgrounds at Piedmont Springs will
be 'thrown open to the visitors, and the
management <rf Idora Park has' Issued a
general invitation ' to veterans and '- their
families , to, attend the af ternoon . and
evening performances at the park thea
ter.;- ¦-¦••¦ •¦.*.-• ::'?¦ -:: ¦• • '¦ : ¦'¦- — '.' —' ""'-—-
addresses the "iimcheon will be served by
the ladles of the Oakland Relief Corps.
During the serving of the refreshments
the tickets provided by the committee for
trips to the suburban towns -will be dis
tributed to all the visitors, entitling them
to free ' round-trip' rides on any of the
Oakland Transit Company's lines. ;u? '
Company A, Veteran" 1 Reserves, will
keep open house at its armory, corner of
Twelfth and Harrison streets, Oakland,
during the afternoon, and pork and beans,
hardtack, coffee Sand tobacco ' will ' \e
served to all veterans. . -- , ,. :
WOMEN WHO ARE PROMI
NENTLY IDENTIFIED WITH
G. X R. AFFAIRS.
Twenty-four members of the Oakland
Grand Army posts will Ieaie Oakland on
the 8 o'clock boat for this city. They will
direct the visiting veterans to the special
boat which will convey them to Oakland.
The special boat will leave tills city at
9:30 a. m. and will make the trip to Oak
land byway of the Oakland harbor route,
arriving at the foot of Broadway at 10
o'clock.
A number of special cars will be held in
reserve for tho^vlsltors at First street and
Broadway, and they will run direct to
Nineteenth and Broadway, where the
members of the Oakland Grand Army posts
will meet the visitors and ' escort them
to the Willows, on the shore of Lake Mer
ritt.
Governor George C. Pardee will extend
the greetings of the State of California,
and short addresses will be made by Rev.
E. R. Dille, General Charles Woodruff
and William R. Davis.
Immediately after the conclusion of the
The Oakland executive committee hav
ing In charge the preparations for Its.en
tertainment of^the Grand Army of the Re
public to-day held Its last meeting yes
terday morning and the programme was
finally arranged. Preparations for • the
event are now complete and everything is
In readiness for the arrival of the veter
ans in the city across tne bay. • , , .
GRAND ARMY veterans and their
friends will visit many points
across the J>ay to-day, and escur
._ sions to famous resorts will also
be enjoyed.
Citizens cf Capital City "Want Visit
From Veteran*.
SACKAMEIfTO. Aug. 20. — At a meeting of
the State Agricultural Society, Secretary Lcw
flen, R. D. Stephen* (chairman of th« State
Fklr promotion commltte.") and M. R. Beard,
i-wetsry of tbe Chamber of Commerce, the
JuIlcwinR invitation was ordered sent to Gen
eral Stewart, cotnminder-ln-chief of the Grand
Army of the Republic:
••Oeneral Stewart. Cornmaader-ln-Chief G.
A K.. Kan Frencisco: The undersigned ex
tend to you and through you to General Miles,
General Hlark and General fihaftcr and to all
officer* of the G. A. R. attending the encamp
caeot. also to all officers of auxiliary organ
izati'vSP, a cordial Invitation to visit Saera
mf-nto and im-identally the State Fair, which
will oik-t on the Slrt Jnrt. nnd close on the
l^th pr^xlsno. bj» the gvi^st* of S*cr»m«-nto.
We *h«II be pleased to have you . indicate to
jj« on what day would beet suit your conven
;*r.c« to honor us with your presence. In order
That proper arrar.gemf nts m2y be made for
: o» ifTf-ptlon." ..... :,-
INVITED TO SACRAMENTO.
CONTEST HELD
BY MUSICIANS
Prizes Awarded to
Fife j and Drum
Players.
. The. chief defect of the box kite, of
which Dr. Langley's aerodrome Is an elab
oration, is that the -weight Increases with
the cube'as rapidly as the lifting power
does with the square, so that the larger
the kite the less It will lift in proportion.
Professor Graham Bell's kites are •* equal
sided triangles, so that they need no brac
ing, and it is found that the lifting power
increased at a greater rate than the In
crease in weight. A flock of these kites
recently lifted a 200-pound weight.
George Vanderbllt's estate, Blltmore, Is
already the largest body of contiguous
lAnd. under one ownership in North Caro
lina. Nevertheless he Is still adding to it.
He ha»"just secured a large tract on the
upper Davidson River, -which will become
a part of Blltmore. On his new purchase
are several water powers. In order to car
ry, out his scheme of Improvements Mr.
Vanderbilt finds it necessary to excavate
apart of the bed of the Swannanoa River
to prevent overflows.
It is said that another Atchlson man is
making > the mistake of urging his . wife
and the Other Woman to be good friend*.
iim. iTTT fife and- drum prize contest
* ff~^ drew a big crowd at Armory
># Hall, 815 Ellis street, last night.
•- A ' ¦ Colonel Le Roy Van Horn, pres-
ldent..of the National Associa
tion Civil War Musicians, had charge of
the entertainment, which was a great
novelty to the majority of those present.
-In the Grand Army of the Republic con
tesWohn.M.. Raymond of U. S. Grant
Post of Chicago won in the drum compe
tition. '
¦ Jack Venum of Los Angeles was the
only participant in the fife contest,, and
naturally carried off the prize.
The result of ; the trumpet competition
among the ; Spanish-American war vet
erans gave the laurels to Sylvan New
man, First California Volunteers.
J The judges of the competition were H.
H. Ward, R. McMillan and Mark Frank
lyn.. - ? " v
¦ The others yrhq> entered into this com
petition were* H. : T. Stephens, First Col
orado Volunteers, and Julian Akin, chief
trumpeter of the First California Volun
teers. \ . .
Side Trips Planned
for Veterans
TosDay.
WILL VISIT
OAKLAND AND
VICINITY
A isransi reception baa been arranged
for the G. A- R. veterans and their
friends at Ean Jose, Saturday, August 22.
Tables and seata for 4030. Luncheon free
for all. Five toes of fruit. Free rides
about the valley. San Jose Is the garden
city. Hound trip tickets. $1 50. Get leaf-
Jet asd time card at Southenr Pacific of
fice. C1Z .Market street. Passengers for
I»cs Angeles can Ptop off at San Jose
without charge. Don't miss this delight
ful day.
GBA2STD EXCTJBSION" TO SA2T JOSE
Santa Clara Valley Welcomes the
Veterans.
Captain Suttoa Dies.
KANSAS CITY, Au*. 20.— Captain J. P.
Pcttan. a raessber of the Governor's staff, at
the I>e»renwortii Soldiers' Home, died to-day,
ajred €2 yean.
K. D. Case, a member of the O. A. R.
freni Wisconsin, lost fcl» return, ticket to the
K&st resterday afternoon and Is unable to
pet back to hi» heat ucle«i he receives aid.
iZaJ» dined his tirket after he allchted from
a street car. He does not know whether he
vra* robbed or whether the ticket fell out of
tis XKickst.
Veteraa looses His Ticket.
Captain Charles Edelman of Lincoln
Post No. 1 and Dr. A. H. Heppner. late
assistant surgeon of the U. S. S. Amphi
trite, were especially zealous in looking
after the welfare of the city's guests.
I While the dog watch was going on the
younger members of the contingent were
reveling in the enjoyment of a social
dance in the main hall.
W. G. Morrison, commander of Phelps
Squadron No. 12, U. S. V. N., was master
of ceremonies. The music was fine and
all entered into the spirit of the occasion.
At midnight the do^ watch of the vet
erans commenced. Captain J. J. Tinnelli
acted as toastmaster. It was a royal re
union. Everybody told a story and all en
tered with gusto into the general atmos
phere of good • fellowship that prevailed.
The members of the committee were In
defatigable In their efforts to see that all
had a good time. -
Speeches, songs and recitations were the
order of the evening.
At its conclusion the guests repaired to
the banquet hall on the first floor, where
rations were served. Over 500 sat down to
long tables, loaded down with pots of
beans, hardtack and bonces of tobacco.
Souvenirs, consisting of tin mugs and
clay pipes, were there for every one and
furnished mementoes of the occasion that
will long be cherished by those who were
fortunate enough to participate in the fes
tivities.
Overture, orchestra: Introductory remarks.
Chairman J. A. Whlteside: address of wel
come. Captain Charles Edelman of Phelps
Squadron No. 12, U. S. V. N. : response. Com
mander Simmons of Jfaval Post No. 4C0, of
Philadelphia, Pa.: specialties. Arnold and
Ethel Grazier (by kind permission of Orpheum
management); pedestal clog dance. Master Sam
Emoot (on pedestal four and a half feet high
and nine inches square): song?. Farrell and
Webb; Irish dance, Francis and Eddie Dough
erty; song and dance, J. H. Brenner; clorf
waltz. Master Sam Smoot.
iii ill HE Naval Veterans were hand
* B somely entertained last night at
M ¦ B'nal *B'rith Hall. 123 Eddy
JL . street, by the Naval Veterans of
California.
The first part of the programme took
place in Lyric Hall and was as follows:
National president, Mrs. M. Anna Hall: na
tional Eenior vice president, Mrs. Lida J.
Smith of Pennsylvania: national Junior vice
president. Mrs. Lydia Hlnckley of San Fran
ciBco: national secretary, Mies Ruth Hall of
1\es,t Mrzlnia; rational treasurer, Mrs. Annie
Michener of Pennsylvania >.natlonal councilor,
Mrs. Emma Wall of Kansas; national coun
cil of adminlstratJon. airs. Nellie Roller of
Colorado. Mrs. Ada 1-. Shannon oX Pennsyl
vania and Mrs. Annie E. Riir?s of Ohio; na
tional pres* correspondents, Mrs. M. M. Hall
of California. Mrs. Bell Hur of California and
Mr*. Mary Haggard of Illinois: national chap
lain. Mrs. Mary M. Stark; national Inspector,
Mr«. M. J. Guy.
At the meeting to, be held Friday the
Ladies of the Grand Army of the Repub
lic will elect new officers for the ensuing
year. The present list of officers follows:
On apaln reconvening: the national pres
ident. Mrs. M. Anna Hall, was presented
on behalf of the members of the organiza
tion with a beautiful diamond ring and a
souvenir badge. The national treasurer,
Mrs. A. Michener of Philadelphia, was
presented by the president on behalf of
th,e organization with a beautiful silver
card receiver.
Reports of the various committees were
alto road and accepted, after which a re
cessj was taken. I
After the reading of the reports of the
senior and junior vice presidents the re
port of the national secretary, Miss Ruth
Hall of West Virginia, was read. It
Bhowed that during the last year the
membership of the organization had In
creased 47G3 in number, that all the va
rious circles Throughout the United States
were in a most prosperous condition and
numerous new circles were being or
ganized In many of the States. *
The treasurer's report showed that all
the circles were In good financial stand
ing. Over $1300 was donated to the Na
tional Soldiers' Home, over 51200 to the
Widows' Home and J2« to the Orphans'
Home. The entire sum expended during
the year for relief amounted to $13,255.
After the reading of the president's re
port the morning session of the meeting
adjourned, and the ladies retired to the
dining-rooms, where a very enjoyable
luncheon was served.
At 2:S0 o'clock In the afternoon the
meeting was again called to order and
the reading of reports continued.
The next order of business was the
reading of a report by the national pres
ident, Mrs. M. Anna Hall. It showed that
in ten months the president traveled over
25.000 miles, examining into the condition
of the various circles, organizing new
ones in many States and enlisting many
new members.
Comrade Colgate spoke of the ladies
present as being heroes of the past days
of strife and sorrow. The national presi
dent, Mrs. M. Anna Hall, on behalf of the
ladies, responded with fitting words of
thank?.
the national officers were pres
ent. With the exception of Connecticut
every State of the Union was represented.
The convention opened with greetings
by Past Commander Colgate of Pennsyl
vania, Commander Rowe of North Da
kota and Past Commander Richard Rob
ertson of West Virginia, the three repre
senting a committee selected by Ihe of
ficers of the G. A. R. Encampment for the
purpose.
THE National Convention of the
I-adles of the Grand Army of the
Republic opened yesterday morn
ing at Union Square Hall. All of
Is Head cf National Association, of
Army Nurses.
The National Association .of Array Nurses
r.rt vesteriay in Golden Gate Hall and elected
Mrs. A£a:e L. JizlZoa president amid the great
est enihusiassi.
Mrs. IiilJcm wa« deeply sensible of the honor
<1"?sb her and received the congratulations of
h<-r ruraeroua friends -upon her elevation to
jr.e distinguished port.
Arao^r the war nurses present was Mrs.
F>asor Ransom, of Los Angeles, who !¦ now
BS yc2ra of iise, the oldest anrty butm living.
M2S. -watt/itt PRESIDENT.
Ladies of G. A. R.
to Ballot for
Chiefs.
Naval Heroes Meet
for a Happy
Evening,
PAY VISIT TO MA££ ISLAND.
Their Honor.
Veterans Cheered and Flags Fly in
VALLEJO. An?. CO. — Several thousand
Grand Army people Tisited the JTare Island
Navy-yard and Vallejo to-day, coming on the
steamers Piedmont. Friable. Captain Webb.
Zinfandel and naval tugs Slocum and l'n«
dilla. At the navy-yard Commandant McCalla
and his officers Informally welcomed the vis
itors and made tirem feel completely at home.
The launching of the new tug Sotoyome at
coon proved a noTel and Interesting sight to
many. ,
The llg rracltp dock, enntarafng- at prewnt
the coast defense ship Wyoming 1 , the great work
shops, the cruiser* lying along the quay walL
the bis transport Grant, which is being con
verted Into a dredger, and the flotilla of tor
pedo and submarine boats received mscix at
tention.
From the Inspection of tie great navy-yard
at Mare Island the visitors tnrned to Vallejo.
where Cars flew from every staff ra town and
many buildings were decorated. The center of
attraction was the pavilion, where the mem
bers of Farrayat Corps No. 3O. W. R. C. had
spread a choice and bountiful lunch. Judsr*
A. J. Buckles delivered an address of wel»
come. Camus' attention to the importance and
magnitude of Mare Island Navy-yard and to
the variety and abundance of California prod
ucts. A short musical asd literary programme
followed. The band of the naval training ship
at Goat Island was In attendance and played
during 1 the afternoon. Many hundred tin cap*
were distributed by the local Grand Army la
dles as souvenirs, and were carried away filled
with fruit by the veterans and their families.
WELCOME AT SAN JOSE.
Members of the O. A- B. to Be En
tertained.
The. citizens of San Joae bare b*en maJrtrur
extensive preparations to receive all tie Ytsit
lor members of the G. A. R.. and BSTt set
aside to-morrow as Use fete day In that city.
The town will be tmufl ever to the visitor*
and they will be entertained to elaborate style.
Lunch wtl be served In St. James Park, after
which the -rietitru: veterans -will be ilwwn orer
the beautiful Santa Clara Valley. Special trains
will be run la order to accommodate th«
crowds. >.>s.
JACK TARS
GATHER AT
DOG WATCH
POSTPONE
BUSINESS
MEETING
evening. The reception hours
were S to 10:30. during- which time fully
SCO guests were delightfully entertained.
Golden Gate Hall was thronged with G.
A_ R. veterans and their wtvea, all chat
tins gayly to the strains of martial music
The California and Ne'vada Auxiliary
of the Woman's Relief Corps alfso'gave a
reception at Golden Gate HalL Fully
1C00 guests were received between the
hours of 8 and 10:30. Thla reception was
the largest that has yet been given at the
hall and was characterized by an abund
ance of sympathy and good fellowship.
THE Massachusetts Auxiliary at
the "Woman's Relief Carps gave
a pleasant reception in the east
parlor at Golden Gate Hall last
University Meeting Is Planned With
General Black as Speaker.
rERKELET, Aug. 20. — Arrangements have
b*--^3 finally completed for the reception of the
•\«:«rar.s of the Grand Army in Berkeley to-
TT.orroTr '-r the members of the local post, the
(WT5 eftum's and the university.
The vtsitirs will be met at the Telegraph
nvraue entrance to the university grounds at
2 o'clock by a detachment of commissioned
«nd : ori-co?i:mi!'£ioned officers cf the cadet
battalion. They will be Ehown around the
can-.ircs. sni a. band concert will be held un
.1<r the hincric oaks at the lower end of the
< an-^ius.
At 4 o'clock & meeting •will be held In old
i!»rmo!i gyrcnaslaia. Addresses will be made
by General John C. Black and other officers ol
ik? Grand Army.
State Departments
Entertain Big
Crowds.
LADIES HOLD
RECEPTION
¦ENTTRAT, NELSON A. MILES
f for the East last evening on
m <¦» the overland train, accompanied
by four comrades who came to
San Francisco with him to at
tend the encampment of the Grand Army
and who were members of his staff dur
ing the Civil War.
General Miles was surrounded by hun
dreds of his friends In the Palace Hotel
yesterday when It became known that he
was about to return to the East.
The veteran soldier was evidently well
pleased with the many expressions of
good will tendered him and he was visibly
affected when some of the old soldier*
brought him some flowers as -a token of
tbelr regard.
Previous to leaving the city General
Miles was seen by a Call reporter and In
reply to questions he said:
"I am going to Wier, N. H.. to attenS
the convention of the Grand Army State
department. I promised the old soldiers
there that I would attend the meeting
and that Is why I am forced to leave San
Francisco at this time. I cannot express
myself as to the cordiality extended me
in San Francisco in the past few days and
I shall never forget this visit. As to th-j
reports that I am likely to be selected
as a candidate for the honor of Governor
of Massachusetts. I must positively de
cline to discuss politics.
"Many statements have been credited
to me in the past two weeks, but I desire
to say at this time that I have not dis
cussed polltlca, on my trip to California
and, as you know, I have declined to be
drawn into any political discussion during
my visit to this city."
The departure of General Miles wai
very quiet, only a few intimate friends
being at the ferry to wish the- distinguish
ed soldier a safe journey to the Atlantic
Ccast.
voted to pocial converse and the recep
tion cf friends and representatives of
olfcer orders who sent delegates to pay
their respects. It was 4 o'clock before
the meeting finally got down to the ec
rious work cf the day.
"When Mrs. WInans' name was men
tioned as a candidate for the presidency
a great shout of approval went up. and
it only took a second to place her at the
head of one of the greatest women's or
panizations In the world. In accepting
the. trust fhe cnoke as follows:
It has been well said that *'A ir.an of words
ard r.ot of deeds is like a garden full of
weeds." In ir.y case it may be said though
rry words are few that from the beginning of
the war for the preservation of the Union
until the present time I have lost no oppor
tunity to work for the Union soldier and his
dependent ones, or to honor and exalt the
fia* for which they fought and died.
We will all rre»s forward to the jroal which
in before us. with the Golden Rule for our
motto, cherished in our hearts and practiced
In our Jives.
It is a high privllece to be banded together
In the tanks of fraternity, charity and loyalty;
to care for the unfortunate and the suffering;
to erjrage in the glorious work of instilling
into the hearts of the children the cherished
rr«i-epts cf patriotic teaching; to garland the
traves of the dead and build 1h* monuments
nnd memorials cf heroic de*ds. With the
true fraternal spirit aboundir^ everywhere,
and the r>ririclr>le of r^-ace and good will in
our heart* and lives, let us all co* hand in
hand together, remembering the injunction of
the gfntle Naxarene: "A new commandment
1 give unto you. that you love one another."
"ijfX him who would be master of all. be ser
vant of a!l." With the help of the Master I
h^p* to make my administration a year
o! loving service in a high and holy cause.
'Jreat applause followed the remarks of
the new president, and she was the re
• •'pient of a magnificent bouquet of Amer
ican Beauty rcscs and crown lilies, and
also a Ravel of rare Michigan woods, the
jrift of Asa P. Stewart of that State.
This corps is the largest women's chari
tahle organization in the world. It ha?
U9,QM members. It was organized In 1SS3,
since which time it has spent $2,000,000 in
r-lieving the distress of the poor and
VETERANS TO VISIT BEEKELET.
THE National Woman's Relief
Corp?, auxiliary of th© Grand
Artr.y cf the Republic, began
its regular annual convention
yesterday morning- at Golden
Gate Hall, €25 Sutler street.
Amid the acclamation of the represen
tatives cf thirty-nine States of the Union
and by unanimous vote Mrs. Sarah B.
Miners was elected president of the or
der.
The. early part of the session was de-
«
Positively Declines
to Converse on
Politics.
Mrs. Sarah B. Wi
nans Given High
Position.
Noble Women Meet
and Choose
Leaders.
Departs From This
City With His
Ex»Staff.
SESSIONS
HELD IN
SECRECY
GENERAL
MILES ON
WAY EAST
WOMAN'S RELIEF CORPS MEETS AND ELECTS OFFICERS
THE- 1 -SAN"; FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 21, 1903.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Diamonds
May Soon
Drop in Price*
The reason for 'this you will observe
when you have visited the Palace of J.
C. DAVIDSON, the world's greatest dia-
mond Imitator, and have inspected the
Sapph-Dlamond. Thla gem has engages
the thought of our famous diamond im-
porters because of Its excessive HARD-
NESS, phenomenal luster and brilliancy.
Having the same diamond cut. they pos-
sess the prismatic fire so characteristic
of the genuine. Constructed as nearly on
the lines of nature as It was possible for
science to venture, pressure and the most
Intense heat obtainable are the important
factors of construction.
No foilbacks and never sold under elec-
tric lights and demonstrated side by
side with genuine diamonds.
Beware of any one offering to represent
me— there is but ore place en the Coast
where the Sapph-Diamond can be pro-
cured. 124 Kearny street. San Francisco.
Reconstructed rubles, emeralds. pearl3
and sapphires.
Importer of Australian and Mexican
fire opals. _..
Catalogues on application. -There is sufficient reason to believe that duelling
in Germany is distinctly improving in method "and
results.. In a recent affair of honor one. of the antag
onists was fatally wounded. A few more instances
like this and. the. sport of fighting one another will
come out of the character of opera bouffe in the
Fatherland. ' j , ¦ ' ', ,
Men sell their liberty cheaply in these days of ex
alted (rcedom. A fool possessed himself the other
day of one dollar and fifty cents that was not his
own and he wil! now serve a term in the penitentiary
for his offense. It seems almost a pity in such in
stances as this that the offender could not be incar
cerated in some institution for the care of the feeble
minded. . .
Every Sunday (until further notice) at S
a. m. for Cazadero Giant Redwoods and
the Russian River district. $150 round
trip, Including reserved seat. Magnificent
and varied scenery. Ticket office 626 Mar
ket street, San Francisco. Phone private
exchanse 166.
Reserved Seat Excursions
1 The* war lords of France tried a peculiar experiment
the other day when they ordered that live shells be
fired at the turret of a French man-of-war. The bat
tleship, it is reported, stood the test, but there is
nothing in the reports to indicate that the Govern
ment is willing to permit any but French shells to
fire at such a target. -,'•
Missouri seems determined to keep in the world's
eye at least until the opening of the great St. Louis
Exposition. She is rounding up her boodlers in
every part of the State and meting out to them the
punishment they deserve. The administration of
implacable, uncompromising justice for big and little
alike is perhaps the most worthy advertisement the
State can receive.
While a Wyoming convict was attempting to escape
the other day he was killed by a turnkey. The fact is
interesting simply to illustrate that under practically
all conditions California stands against the world
as a preferred place of habitation for persons of all
classes. We have no such bloodthirsty turnkeys in
California, as our Folsom episode proves.
Oregon has settled for itself a problem that inter
ests men and women the world over. A Federal
Judge has decided that $22,500 is at least more than
enough to pay for a woman's broken heart and femi
nine feelings lacerated by cruel man's broken prom
ises. While it is, of course, consoling to know what
the maximum of damages can be in these affairs, the
courts of the Webfoot State must set their wheels in
motion and tell us what is the minimum.-
¦ There has just been placed on exhibition
in the, Umlauff Museum at Hamburg the
biggest known specimen of gorilla. It was
shot in the Cameroon territory In West
Africa. After much difficulty it was re
moved to Hamburg, stuffed, mounted and
placed on exhibition. It measured 6 feet
10% inches from the crown of the head
to tho middle toe, and across from middle
finger to middle finger 9 feet 3% inches. It
was largely a matter of chance that the
commercial traveler, Herr Paschen of
Schwerin, shot this gigantic gorilla.
When the natives came to the agency
at Cameroon with stories of the "big
monkey" Herr Paschen did not take much
stock in their yarns, but when the native
troops started out on a hunt for the
gorilla the German traveler took his car
bine and went along. After some hours'
travel they came to the patch of bush
where the gorilla was supposed to be hid
ing. The "natives surrounded the bush,
and suddenly the beast's head appeared.
Herr Paschen made a path through the
bush with his bush knife and when with
in range took aim and fired.
It was plucky shot, for the beast at
once fell with a bullet through hla head.
He fell with a crash and was almost In
stantly dead. It was not an easy matter
to remove the gorilla to the coast, thence
to Hamburg, bu| there it is now, almost
lifelike in appearance, so carefully was
the mounting and stuffing done. Along
side is the gigantic skeleton. Since the
gorilla 1 was -placed . on exhibition the
crowds at the museum have been enor
mous, and the comments upon its marked
resemblance to the human species have
been general.— Chicago Record-Herald.
Shot in the Cameroon Country — Was
Almost Seven Feet in
Height.
BIGGEST GORILLA
EVER KILLED
Whether or not it would be advisable to introduce a
course of postal service instruction into the public
schools is for public school teachers to decide. The
schools are pretty heavily overloaded with studies as
it is. We can hardly hope to teach a child everything
at once and make him a master of all the intricacies
of government, science, industry and art while he is
struggling with, the rules of reading, writing and
arithmetic. Still, it might be possible to give the
youth T)f the lanu a sufficient amount of knowledge
to enable them to understand the importance of ad
dressing a letter legibly and correctfy. If that were
AT the recent convention of the National Associ
ation of Postmasters at Boston there were dis
' cussed quite a number of propositions for the
improvement of the service and it is probable that
most of them will be submitted to Congress for adop
tion. Of course, the members of the association know
the needs of the service better than any outsider, and
as a consequence the recommendations of the con
vention ought to have great weight in determining
the course of postal legislation in the immediate fu
ture.
Amortg the more important improvements sug
gested by the convention are the adoption of a simple
form for sending small remittances through the mails,
so as to avoid the indosure of postage stamps; more
rapid transit in large cities between the main office
and the sub-stations and the railway depots, and in
creased facilities for the special delivery service.
One of the salient features of the convention was a
discussion of the need of educating the public with
respect to postal matters. There is no branch of the
Government that is closer to the people or is so much
in use by the great masses ai is the postal service, and
as a consequence it is important that well-nigh every
one should know how to make right use of it: Post
master Tucker of Toledo recommended that the in
struction begin in the public schools and that all chil
dren be taught how to address a letter properly, how
to get a postal order and how to get a letter for
warded by special delivery. By way of making a
beginning in the work of general education on the
subject the secretary of the convention was ordered to
prepare suitable explanations of the various services of
the office so that the public can learn how to avail
themselves of them without permitting errors that
puzzle the officials and sometimes render it impossi
ble for a letter to be carried to the person for whom
it was intended.
In speaking of the recent work* of the
Anglia in laying the Commercial Pacific
Cable the Honolulu correspondent .of the
New York Herald says: "In the actual
work of laying the final section of cable
the Anglia had a very remarkable trip.
She started soon after noon on June 2S to
pay out the section from Midway to Hon
olulu, and came right along without the
slightest hitch, or delay, taking the
courses eurveyed by the Hero several
years ago. The deep sea cable ended
about ten miles south of the island of
Oahu, about eighteen miles from the place
where the; shore end was landed. The
Anglia laid exactly 1315 knots of cable
from Midway to this point, and with the
additional eighteen miles of shdre end the
actual amount of cable laid Is 1333 knots.
There was about 8 per* cent of slackage.
The cable force was very proud of the
making of a new record for- continuous
use of the wire log, which registers the
distance traveled. This log Is on reels of
140 knots each, which have to be renewed
as fast as they are run off. Heretofore the
transfer of the reels has necessitated ves
sels slacking. The greatest run ever made
before without a stop was 840 knots. The
Anglia ran the entire distance of 1221 miles
without a single break : :or stoppage or
Flacking of speed. The greatest depth
encountered on the trip from Midway was
about 2700 fathoms."
With regard to trolley extension In
Paris it is stated that the controversy
over the matter has brought out many
harsh criticisms about the way the au
thorities are gradually but surely "uglify
ing" la vtlle lumlere. One interview In
the Figaro which has attracted consider
able attention is with Victor Blnet, the
well-known decorator. He asks what is
the use of bothering with overhead wires
—for . trolleys must be endured whether
they are ugly or not— when so many other
misdeeds, against art are being commit
ted. The so-called new art has so stulti
fied the public that no trace of taste re
mains in France. These new art people
have been working for years to make
Paris ugly. They were allowed to devas
tate the Esplanade des Invalides and the
Champs Elyseea. The new monuments
and ornaments In the squares and parks
are ridiculous— gingerbread and cardboard
monstrosities altogether devoid of decora
tive effect. The new houses are hideous
with their absurdly unornamental fa
cades, 'which will harmonize well with the
trolley wires, the gibbets stuck all over
the city and the yellow asparagus stalks
fixed up over the entrances to the stations
of the underground railway, called for
brevity the "Metro." "Let us pray," says
M. Blnet, "for power to stand all this
mercantilism. Americanism and utter
ugliness." But why "Americanism"? New
art Is decidedly a European production,
French or German, perhaps both.
. POSTAL EDUCATION.
Paris and the Trolley.
The members of the Senate of the United States of
Colombia have justified every opinion which we have
entertained of their intelligence and of their fidelity to
their country. With an idiocy which possesses only
the single merit of calmness and with a reckless dis
regard of their country's welfare, which can have no
excuse, they have refused to ratify the Panama canal
treaty. This is nothing more nor less than the Amer
ican people expected.
IN MASSACHUSETTS-N. N\, City.
The laws of Massachusetts do not pre
scribe that distribution of an estate,
whether real property or cash In bank,
shall be made within a stated period after
the will has been filed or proceedings in
case of no will have been instituted. The
time when distribution can properly ba
made must depend upon the circumstances
of each case. If all the persons entitled
to shares are known the distribution may
be made at any time after the debts are
paid.
COMMENTING upon action taken by the
Legislature of Georgia to mitigate to some
extent of the evils of the lease system of
working convicts, The Call stated yesterday that un
der the new law all convicts sentenced to confine
ment and work for five years or more are to be em
ployed on public roads instead of being leased to
private parties. It appears that the dispatch on
which that statement was based was erroneous. ,A
copy of the Atlanta Constitution now at hand states
that it is the short term and not the long term con
victs who are to be employed in public work. The
long termers are still to be subject to the leasing sys
tem, while the lesser sentence men will have the ben
efit of serving time in their own localities and under
public supervision, where they will be less liable to
brutal treatment.
Short as is this step in the direction of a correct
prison system, it is still a movement toward reform
and will induce the taking of further steps later on.
The Constitution announces that already several
counties in the State have made application for all
the short term convicts from their courts and will at
once put them to work on the public roads. It
goes on to say: "Of the 2200 convicts, in round
numbers, one-third, or fully 750 of them, are under
sentences of less than five years. This is enough to
enable half the counties in the State to have profit
able road-working gangs, and the results would be
speedily manifest in every county where they
be employed."
That, it seems, is the best Georgia can do at pres
ent. In the end, however, chain gangs working on
public roads will become as offensive to public sen
timent as the outrages that have just stirred popular
indignation against the lease system. The road of
prison reform is a long one, and with the exception
of Mississippi the progress of the Southern States
is' slow. However, the movement has begun. The
flogging of a woman on a convict farm has set the
better elements of the people of Georgia to thinking
on the subject, and that in itself is a gain of great
importance, for when people begin to think it will
riot be long before they begin to reform.
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping 1 Bureau (Allen"s>. 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
0ONVI0TS IN GEORGIA.
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candles, 60c a pound. In artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St., above Call bldg. •
COWARDICE— Subscriber, City. "To
tell one's name to the enemy." to tell
it 'to one who is about to be challenged
to combat, was deemed by the ancient
Scotch heroes a mark of cowardice: be
cause If the predecessors of the combat
ants had shown hospitality no combat
could ensue. Hence to tell one's name
to an enemy was an ignomlnous synonym
of craven or coward.
THE KING— B., Veterans' Home. Cal.
The King of England is not paid a salary,
as Is the President of the United States.
He is allowed annually a civil list
amounting to £470.000, of which £110.000
Is for the privy purse of the King and
Queen. The remainder is for the salaries
of the royal household, household ex
penses, etc.
Our aristocratic families and our distinguished rep
resentatives of refined leisure should take h<^d and
prepare accordingly against an epidemic of appendi
citis, that dread affliction of those who can afford to
pay more than is necessary to cure an attack of
cramps. A Princess of Bavaria has hadvappendicitis
and is reported to be doing well. We are always in
danger from such a daring example of royalty.
AN OLD-TIME FIRE— E. F.. City. The
Harpendlng block on tne south side of
Market street, between First and Sec
ond, was destroyed by fire September 23,
1S71. David Scannell -was chief engineer
at that time, but was absent on a vaca
tion, and the department was In charge
of Aseistant Engineer Con Mooney.
COMMUNITY PROPERTY-E.. Orland.
Cal. The husband In the State of Califor
nia cannot dispose of the community
property by grift or for a valuable consid
eration without the consent of the wife,
given in writing.
NAVAL APPRENTICE— Mother. City.
For information about taking on appren
tices In the United States navy address
a communication to the Naval Training
Station Goat Island, San Francisco.
Shakespeare's Indebtedness to the Bible
has been made the subject of an exhaus
tive Inquiry by William Burgess. The
»uthor informs us that when he began
his studies he had no Idea of publication,
but was led solely by personal interest^
as the result of certain utterances con 2
cernlng the "so-called absencft of religion
in Shakespeare." The evidence against
this assumption, the author found, is so
abundant and conclusive that it "amounts
to a revelation." Consequently we have
"The Bible In Shakespeare," a bulky vol
ume, which has just been published.
At the outset Mr. Burgess admits that
Shakespeare is still "the poet of secular
humanity." His contention Is that the
poet drew largely from the Bible for his
loftiest thoughts and noblest Inspirations;
that he employed "Scripture teachings,
facts, poetry, philosophy and language in
his writings," and that he was a sincere
believer and accepted the orthodox views
current In his day.
That some of these contentions are open
to question is fairly obvious, but that
Shakespeare was familiar with the Scrip
tures and, consciously or unconsciously,
made abundant* use of his knowledge Is
Indisputable. For, as Mr. Burgess points
out, in Shakespeare's time, the. Bible was
common property. The time had gone by
when to read it was heresy. It was not
only no longer a forbidden book, but al
most the only book within reach of the
common people. Mr. Burgess would go
further and hold that "if Shakespeare
had the advantage of any book in his
early home, that book was probably the
Bible. Indeed," he maintains, "it is prob
able that no other books were available
to him during his early dayB, except, per
haps, Plutarch and such glimpses of his
tory and the classics as he could obtain
in his lessons In school."
Again, we are reminded that the King
James version of tho Bible took shape
between 1604 and 1611. and that these
years, together with the five following,
were the greatest of Shakespeare's life.
That he should not, under such circum
stances, have become saturated with the
thought and language of the Bible our
author considers inconceivable. Still, lit
tle was quoted verbatim. But the "use
of biblical characters, facts, figures, doc
trines and laws in the author's (Shake
speare's) own language Is so common as
to constitute one of tho most remarkable
of the many marvels of Shakespeare."
So much for the author's general con
tentions. For the rest — and this doubtless
constitutes the valuable part of the book
—he has gdhe laboriously through the
plays and given us a chapter of refer
ences to lines in which the word God ap
pears, another in which biblical charac
ters are, mentioned and several devoted
to Scriptural and Shakespearian parallels.
On the whole, it is a curious and, inter
esting- book.
Instead of permitting the construction of more and
longer and more dangerous tunnels the overland
roads should be compelled to reconstruct the tun
nels in which people have already been killed by lack
of ventilation. They should be made higher and
pierced by frequent ventilating shafts, better lighted
by electricity and the air changed by a forced draft,
actuated by duplicate machinery, so as to make sure
file constancy of such means for purifying the air.
The dangers and risks of travel are already suffi
ciently numerous without adding to them the horror
of long and far underground tunnels.
Short tunnels are endured because they are self
ventiiating and are quickly passed. But tunnels more
than a. mile long are proved to be highly dangerous,
by the death of two engine crews in the long tunnel
in the Cascades on the Northern Pacific and of the
linemen in the San Fernando tunnel on the Southern
Pacific. In each case the men died because the air
in the tunnel was vitiated by the sulphurous smoke of
the passing engines. These accidents made it plain
that if a derailment occur in those tunnels, or a pas
senger train is slopped by any accident, the passen
gers would be killed by asphyxiation. While it is la
mentable that such notice should be needed, it is
still true that the subway deaths and horrors in Ore
gon, California and Paris have called attention to the
impolicy of railroads in this country attempting to
get easier grades by making long tunnels.
The people would rather pay the slight additional
cost of a haul on a stiff grade than be subjected to
the risk of an awful death, in the dark, far under
ground. Californians are interested in it vitally. No
railroad can get out of this State or enter it without
overcoming the mountain range. That this can be
done with a surface track and by the use of short
tunnels is shown by experience. True, the grades
are heavy, but full trains climb them.
The present owners of the Southern Pacific are
said to be planning a tunnel under the Sierra Ne
vada Range that is to be eight miles long. Such
a tunnel should not be built. Its construction may
appeal to the professional pride of engineers and even
to the constructive ambition of capitalists, but the
public should be everywhere notified of the dangers
of its use, and every means should be taken, by the
press and by societies for the public safety, to induce
travelers not to patronize the line that uses it. To
the other risks of its use earthquakes are added,
which by shattering its arch may at any moment
hopelessly imprison or crush trains. Even if it were
not dangerous to a degree warranting Jegal injunc
tion of its construction, the same as any work that
is dangerous to human life may be enjoined, its use
cancels the traveler's view of our rare and inspiring
mountain scenery-
THE horror on the subway railroad in Paris
has added to the aversion of the people to
tunnels and subway roads. Subterranean
routes are never provided with means to be used
promptly and efficiently in case of fire or other ac
cident. Ventilation is either entirely lacking, or, as
in the case of the Alps tunnels between France and
Italy, it depends on machinery, so that travelers are
taking the same risk as a diver who depends on the
air pump to keep him alive and dies instantly if it fail
one stroke.
Shakespeare and the Bible.
TUI\NEL ACCIDENTS
SEEDS— M. A. G., Fresno. Cal. Appli
cation for seeds that are distributed by
the United States Government should be
forwarded to the Department of Agricul
ture, Washington. D. C.
ADVERTISING ON FLAG— It Is unlaw
ful in the States of Pennsylvania, Min
nesota and Dakota to use the American
flag for advertising: purposes.
HOME— Marguerite, City. Your request
for Information about a. "home industry
Institute" In California was published In
this department August 7.
MILK BILL— Constant Reader, City. In
making out a bill for milk delivered It
would be proper to write, 'For milk de
livered during July, 1903."
Mr. Sllmpurse — But why do you Insist
that our daughter should marry a man
whom she does not like? You married
for love, didn't you?
Mrs. Sllmpurse Yes; but that is no
reason why I should let our .daughter
make the same blunder.— New York
Weekly.
The Teacher— Tommy, where was th«
Declaration of Independence signed?
The Tad— At the bottom.— Kansas Inde
pendent.
"Sir, you look like an optimist. You
have a happy countenance. Lend me a
dollar." •
"My friend,, do you know why I look
happy? It's because I haven't any wealth
to bother me." — Cleveland Plain Dealer.
Mrs. Fudge-I got It out of the house
keeping column of "The Married Wom
an's Vade Mecum."
Mr. Fudge— Oh, that accounts for It.—
Boston Transcript.
Mr. Fudge (sampling a new dlsh>— Yes.
my dear, it looks all right: but, do you
know, I don't think it tastes very nice.
Mrs. Work— Has your husband improved
any since you married him?
Mrs. Shirk— Oh, yes: before we were
married he used to fasten his suspenders
with a nail. .Since our marriage I have
taught him to sew on a button.— Yonkers
Statesman.
Blobbs— My friend the poet subscribes
to a clipping bureau.
Slobbs— Then why doesn't he take ad
vantage of It to have his hair cut?—Phil
adelphia Record.
"Yes, he laid the foundation for hia
great fortune in a circus side show. Ha
was a professor of palmistry, you know."
"Was he? Then I should think he'd bo
a little sensitive about the location ha
has chosen for a summer home."
"Where Is that?"
"Palm Beach."— Cleveland Plain Dealer.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
FOR the first time in the history of San Quen
tin prison convicts as a body have in due
form given an expression of regret at the depar
ture from office of a Warden of the institution. The
incident is noteworthjvfor there is in it something
of appropriateness and something of incongruity that
renders it both instructive and amusing.
The incongruity is apparent on the face of it. It
is an old' saying that "No rogue e'er felt the halter
draw with good opinion of the law," and it is a plain
inference that had the convicts been restrained in
theic vicious tendencies by the Warden they would
not have entertained, a good opinion of him. It
appears they have not looked upon him as an officer
of the law, but as a friend, and more or less one of
their own kind. This incongruity raises a smile, and
were there nothing back of it the incident would
pass as one of the amusing things of life having no
special significance. . . . .
It happens, however, that there is a certain appro
priateness in the expression of friendship on the part
of the convicts for the Warden. His relations to
some of them at least have been very close and of
a familiar nature. It is well known that during his
administration the rules of the prison hav^becn vio
lated, its records distorted and falsified, illegal work
has been done and rank forgeries committed. AH
those things have been proven in court. Warden
Aguirre and some of his outside friends, have been
the beneficiaries of the offenses, and it is but rea
sonable to suppose that 1 he has permitted some of
the convicts also to profit by them. Such being the
case, the resolution of regret at his departure is ap
propriate, and most certainly ought not to raise a
laugh.
Having received the expressions of regret, it is now
in order for the retiring Warden to assure the con-'
victs that, he values their esteem above that of any
one else in the State, and to set forth his obligations
to those^of them to whom he is specially indebted for
assistance in falsifying the records. A tribute to the
friendship of the men who aided him in violating the
rules of the prison and breaking the laws of the
State would be a proper response to the friendly
manifestations of the entire body of convicts. Such
declarations on his part would fitly round out the
incident and make it a perfect thing of the kind, and
he could then close the affair by the customary for
mula of assurance that the commendation of the in
mates of San Quentin will ever remain a precious
memjory and the incident be regarded as the proud
est moment of his life.
AGU1RRE AND HIS FRIENDS.
The system of home-finding for orphans
and abandoned children has been In prac
tice in the East for several years and has
proved very successful. Nothing of the
kind has ever been attempted on broad
lines in this Dart of the country before.
The institutions which have Joined the
organization are the Ladles' Protection
and Relief Society, Boys and Girls' Aid
Society. San Francisco Nursery fpr
Homeless Children, Associated Charities
of San Francisco, Associated Charities of
Oakland, Florence Crittenton Home of
San Francisco, California Girls' Train
ing Home of Alameda, California Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Chil
dren, West Oakland Home, San Francisco
Foundling Asylum, Youths' Directory,
Juvenile Court of San Francisco and
Church Home for Boys. \
All of these institutions are in receipt
continually of applications for children,
but it has been difficult heretofore to get
satisfactory Information regarding the
character of the applicants.
It is frequently the case that persons
residing in remote sections of the State
send requests that they be given an or
phan for adoption, and sometimes inves
tigation has shown that the applicants
are unable to provide properly for the
little ones. NoW\an agency has been es
tablished at 606 Montgomery street and
the work formerly handled by the thir
teen institutions separately will be con
ducted through one office.
Mrs. Isabel H. Raymond, at present
probation officer of the San Francisco Ju
venile Court, has been selected as the
agent. She will travel through the State
Investigating applications and finding
homes for orphans. In this manner the
children will be well provided for and the
congestion in the local institutions will be
relieved. She will leave for the southern
part of the State September 1 to begin
her labors in the new field.
H. "W. Lewis has been chosen president
of the new organization, which has been
named the Children's Agency of San
Francisco and Vicinity, and Miss Cathe
rine C. Felton has been chosen secretary,
i . ,
Thirteen of the State's leading charita
ble associations and orphan asylums bave
effected an organization for the purpose
of finding homes for children who have
become public charges. All of the iocal
charitable institutions are crowded to the
limit with homeless boys and girls, and
with the rapid increase of population In
San Francisco the problem has" become
steadily more difficult of solution. .
Fox contemplates establishing roadside
coffee clubs. Attractive places with gar
dens will be fitted up near the ordinary
roadhouses and saloons. Light meals and
all temperance drinks will be served. He
believes that people will patronize the
coffee clubs instead of saloons and that
In time the roadside saloon will disappear.
The experiment of establishing coffee
clubs along the road will be tried first in
Santa Clara County.
Ernest Fox of this city has formed the
clubs. in this State and elsewhere. They
are a success and have proved profitable.
Fox now proposes to form a State asso
ciation, and the articles of incorporation
have been prepared. San Jose Is to be
the headquarters of the association.
Fox, whose movement has the sanction
of the churches, will raise "160,000 to erect
a headquarters building In this city. An
attempt will also be made to have the
clubs in Santa. Clara. Petaluma and San
Diego and those about to be organized
erect their own buildings. The profits of
these clubs will go Into the State asso
ciation.
SAN JOSE, Augr. 20.— The coffee clubs
In San Jose, Petaluma, Santa Clara and
San Diego are to be incorporated into a
State association. Other clubs are being
formed and they will be included in the
organization. The aim of the coffee clubs
is to furnish places of entertainment for
young men and boya.^o keep them from
visiting saloons. Coffle. light meals, ice
cream and soft drinks are sold. Reading
rooms are conducted In connection with
the places. San Jose . has three of the
clubs— one for men, one for boys and an
other for women.
FRIDAY AUGUST 21, 1*903
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. ;/
eJg'eJfCM All Communicators* to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
TELEPHONE.
Aek for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
rrBLI CATION OFFICE... Market and Third. S. F.
EDITORIAL KOOMS 217 to 221 StCTeoion St.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week. 75 Cti
Per Month. Single Copies K Cents.
Terms fcy Vail. Including Portage <Ca*h With Order) f
TAILT CALL ('.nclui'.r.t Sunday), on* yew $«.O*>
DAILT CALX, (including- Sucfiay). C months. ......... 4.<W>
DAU.T CAUr-Ey i-'.cc'.e Mcath.... TBe
H.NDAY CA.IX. One. Tear 2-3O
VLEEKXT CAUL. One Tear l-«°
f Daily... $SJ*O Per Tear Extra
rOBZZGK FO6TAGE i Sunday.. <*.1B Per Tear Extra
I Weekly.. X.OO P«r Tear Extra
All Pettmaiten are antborlted to recelr*
• nb«criptlon«.
Saepte ecr!e» will ba forcarded when reaueaUd.
y«p •tibeerlber* in ordering char.ee cf s£dreca should t*
particular to c>ve both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS la order
to later* a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
I11S Broadway Telephone Maia 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE.
d«8 C+nt+r Street Telephone north 77
C. GEORGE KltOGNTESS. Manaarer Forelm AiTrer
ttBlBc Mnrqnette llutldlnur. Chleaco.
<Lcrc Pist&r.w Te!er*-<"«« ""Central 2819.")
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
UORTOR E. CUA\E 140O G Street, K. W.
NEW TOP.K REPRESENTATIVE:
4TEPHEN I». SMITH 30 Tribune Bnlldtnir
KEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CAHLTON Herald Square
ORJIXCH OFFICES— STS Mootcotner/. corner of Clay, open
estll i.So o'clock. 300 Hayrt. open until 0:30 tf dock. 633
ttcAK'.tttr. open until 9:20 o'clock. CIS Lark In. open until
• :S0 cc'.rct. 1*41 MSf«".rn. cpen until 10 o'clock. 2201
Itarkrt. ccrrer Sixteenth, open natil 9 o'clock. 1096 Va
>rci». cr«^ urtii 9 o'clock. 106 Elerenth. open until 9
«>j(%rit >."W. ccTO«r Twenty-aecond and Kentucky, open
cntil r o'elc-rV. 22U0 Fillmore. cpen nntll 6 p. m.
The bill further asks that Addlcks be
ordered to deliver to the receiver the can
cellation certificates for the 1,500.000 shares
of stock, and that an accounting be made
of the damages and loss sustained by the
Bay State Gas Company of Delaware in
consequence of the alleged fraudulent and
unlawful is3ue of stock, and that the de
fendants be ordered to pay an amount
equivalent to the alleged damage aad
loss. The defendants are required to ap
pear and make answer on the first Mon
day, of November.
The stock is alleged to have been trans
ferred on July 3. 1902. The bill alleged
that the stock was not Issued direct to
Addlcks, but to another man. presumably
on the order of Addicks. The allegation
is made that the stock was issued to Ed
win M. Poul. a New York broker, who
is alleged to have been in the employ of
Addicks to sell the stock. It is further
set forth that of the $75,000,000 of stock
Addlcks is believed to still control a larg«
portion.
The bill charges the defendants as di
rectors, except Addlcks. with entering
into an unlawful combination to- issue to
Addicks l.uOO.000 shares of stock of the
Bay StxAe Gas Company without consid
eration.
WILMINGTON. Del.. Aug. 2O.-In the
United States Circuit Court to-day George
Wharton Pepper of Philadelphia, recelvf-r
of the Bay State Gas Company of Dela
ware, filed a bill of complaint against J.
Edward Addlcks, United States Senator
J Frank Allee and others, alleging fraud
in connection with a transaction Involv
ing the stock of the company, said to be
valued at '$75,000,000.
There is something deeply significant in the energy
with which Russia is displaying her avenging wrath
toward Turkey. The spirit with which nations are
quick or slow to enter a quarrel depends altogether
upon the character 1 of the other fellow. Japan has
been saucy to the bear for many months, but the un
ruffled dignity of diplomatic deceit has not been and
probably will not be disturbed between them.
AS men are constituted it is to be expected that
all organizations will be used for selfish and
sometimes for corrupt purposes'. \It' is not
surprising that the labor unions have proved no ex
ception to the rule. Indeed, they offer a peculiarly
inviting field for the play of selfish motives. They are
voluntary organizations, not incorporated .and with
no legal responsibility. They can neither sue nor be
sued, and so have been the prey of men who were
sufficiently ingenious and* unscrupulous to see and
use their opportunity.
The revelations in New York have brought the
courts into action. Already one walking delegate is
in stripes in Sing Sing for "^fining" an employer
$io f ooo and pocketing the money, which was really
his price, as a bribe, for ordering off a strike which
he had ordered on to give him the chance to extort
the money. This case, when on trial, brought out
very startling revelations. It was disclosed that the
money extorted in that way from employers
amounted to millions, and not a dollar of it was
traceable to the union treasuries. Building and
other contractors habitually added to the prices of
their work a sum sufficient to pay these bribes,
which were the price of the walking delegate's per
mission to go oi. with their contracts. The union
workmen must quit when ordered, under penalty of
a fine, which they must pay for permission to work
at all. So the system meant a higher price paid for
work by the public, and was maintained by threaten
ing the laborer with starvation unless he made him
self the patient instrument of extortion for the bene
fit of the walking delegate, who ruled him with a rod
of iron.
Another walking delegate is now on trial in New
York. He was the delegate of the Housesmiths* and
Bridgemen's Union. The testimony shows that he
extorted enormous sums and pocketed them as the
price of his permission for employers tto go on with
their work. The respectable firm of Tiffany's tells
a typical story of this walking delegate's methods.
The firm started about a year ago in the heavy
metal trade in house fittings. Their plant was
unionized and an agreement signed to that effect,
Last December a strike was ordered. Upon in
quiry of their workmen none of them knew why the
strike was ordered. There was no issue of hours
or wages. No non-union men had been employed,
and the workmen admitted that the firm had kept
rts union agreement in every particular.
The firm sent a clerk to the walking delegate to
find out what was the matter.. That higl\ official
said to the clerk: "You tell Tiffany he can go to
hell. I'm not doing business with any peanuts. If
they send some responsible person here I'll do busi
ness." The firm obeyed the great man and sent the
superintendent, who was told that the firm was fined
$500. Asked what the fine was for he said, "It's just
your initiation fee." Asked if the money went to the
union, he answered: "The union be . It goes to
me/' He then said that he tied up the Hecla Iron
Works for eighteen months, and would do the same
with Tiffany. He refused to take a check, and de
manded cash. When asked why the workmen them
selves knew of no reason for striking, he said: "I
muzzle 'cm. Any man that talked would be fined
$50, lose his job and never get another as long as
I'm in New York." The money was paid and the
strike was ordered off, though the delegate said he
was sorry he did not make the fine $1000. It is in
evidence that the H«cla Iron Works, after losing
eighteen months' work, paid the same man $10,000
and were permitted to resume business.
The startling part of this remarkable case is that
after all this exposure the union re-elected this same
man walking delegate.
Perhaps these experiences will do something to
remove the objections of the unions. to incorpora
tion, which will make their walking delegates legally
responsible and remove the muzzle from the members
themselves. .
THE WALKING DELEGATE.
COFFEE CLUBS
WIN APPROVAL
AT SAN JOSE
RURAL TRAINING
FOR HOMELESS
BOYS AND GIRLS
FRAUD IN GAS
STOCK DEAL SAYS
THE RECEIVER
done a good deal would be gained, for it seems that
letters that go astray are almost invariably found to
be either illegibly or faultily directed.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 21, 1903.
Fine views of . the Grand Army parade In
tne Wasji to-day. •
After "Venice Berlin has more bridges
than any other town in Europe, .*¦
THE.LOVE CHASE— T. G., City. The
drama called "The Love Chase," by Sher
idan Knowles. was written by him in 1837.
6
ISn El ¦ ' ¦flSflvw Wm UBS B 1 1 a -^BH
tS *¦ I in SI £1 14 t£& i
mi I _j£*I i n I i il fnL
Iffai H V KfitV H ¥*• *i il IBPW.
Befi n I s?S ¦ £359 11 RfJP^ iL:l
PPyj 81 1 Hl3M pa ¦ pjil V mr ™ ]
LEADING BUSINESS COLLRGE OW THI
WEST, 24 Post mU. Saa Francisco. CW.
EaUbllitaed 40 year*. Open entire y«*r.
Wrtta for Uluitratad catalogue (free).
a POLYTECHNIC
«L * . Boalaeas College sad
£ra} Ecbool cf Enxia«ar-
> to «. Oakland. Cal.
mj. jEw£rjiKl3*jl L&rgeat and b«st
£&W&£&vE££5£!a equipped school o£
3j2Vfvyfu| n K*2til business ahorthaM
JfTT EkirttS >ZT?*V and ' n *lneertas we»t
S2r«l Bell 3 1 "^±n"4 of Cbicas°- Perfect
•JwflertSffCeWfl 1 **^ climate. expen»e« low.
" TW "'fgTO\ "*^ Write for fr«« 100-
¦ -.-.' P>K« catalogue.
THE LYCEUM
An accredited preparatory school for tho unf-
vtrelty. law and medical colleges, la wall
known for Ita careful and tborougra work. Com*
and be with us; wa prepare you well; ref«r*
tncca. President Jordan or any Stanford pro-
feaaor. Phelan build Ins.
I> H. ORAU. Ph. P.. Principal.
HOITT'S SCHOOL
FOP BOYS Menlo Park. California. Preparas
for any university or for business. Send for
Illustrated catalogue. IRA O. HOITT. Ph. D..
Principal. Fall term opens AufJit U.
BELMONT SCHOOL,
FOR BOTS. BELMOXT. CXI*.. \
Opens for new pupils August 10: for former
pupils Aus^jst 12. Catalogue and book of views
en application. _ , ..
W. T. REID. A. M. (Harvard). Head Master.
HAiWLlN SCHOOL
ASS TAS BXSS SSltXWAJtT,
1849 Jackson St.. S. F. Boarding and day
achool for girls. Accredited by the leading
colleges and universities. Special attention
given to music. Reopens August Ifc UXXJ,
EARAH P. HAMLJN. Principal.
SACRED HEART EVENING COM-
MERCIAL SCHOOL,
f ACSED BEAST C0LLE3E. Xddy aad L&rxiaSU.
CLASSES OPES MOMDAT, AC903T 3. 1903,
at 7:15 |. n.
Miss West's School for Girls,
2014 VAN NESS . AVENUE.
Opens August 19. Home and day school. Ac-
credited by leading colleges. For catalogue »d-
dresa MARY B. WEST. Principal.
Hitchcock Military Academy,
• 8AZT EA7A£L, CAI,.
Separate building for little boys. T™«« term
will begin on August 17.
St. Mary's College,
OAKLAND, CAL
Studies will be resumed MONDAY August X
1803. BP.O. ZEXONIA.N. Prcldent.
ST. JOSEPHS ACADEMY.
= _. 1>ERAt>TA PAR K. BERKELEY.
Boarding and day school fop boy a under 15 years
?o4*% St . Ul i les commence MONDAY. Auguat J,
1303. Bend for prospectus to Bro. Genebtaa.. R. Schafer, 023% Mission street, reported to
the police yesterday that his room had been
entered on Wednesday afternoon and a silver
shaving cup, brush and mug stolen. He valued
the articles at $10.
Steal His Shaving Utensils.
Harry Clinton, supposed to he a cW»T
crook, was captured In the Golden West Hotel
last night while attempting to gain entranca
to one of the rooms, lie was caught by Pollc*
Officer Hayden and his name entered upon th«
detinue book pending an Investigation.
Supposed Crook Caught
Souvenir writing tablets and papeteries,
containing Mission and other scenio
views. Illuminated with California poppy
and polnsettia pictures. Good to writa
home and take home. ' Sfacks of other
souvenirs. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 7U Mar
ket street. •
Souvenir Writing Papers.
On Sunday. August 23. the California North
western Railway will run an excursion
Uklah through that most picturesque section of
the State — Marln. Santa Rosa and Russian
River valleys— charging only $2 for the round
trip. Each ticket sold Insures a seat, for the
company will not sell a single ticket above
the number of seats provided. They will be
on sale commencing Monday, August 17, at
ticket offices. 630 Market street (Chronicle
building) and at Tiburon ferry. Time of de
parture from Tiburon ferry will be 8:80 a. m. ;
from Ukiah on the return, 5 p. m. •
Ukiah Excursion.
Prank W. Hyland, the policeman who was
dismissed from the force on Monday night on
a charge of having taken $113 85 from Mrs.
Nellie Wadhams. appeared before Police Judg*
Mogan yesterday on a charge of batt«ry. Th»
complaining witness is George W. McClellan.
patrol wagon driver at the Seventeenth-strset
police station, who was a witness against Hy
land at his trial before the Police Commission
ers. Hyland attacked McClellan in front of a
saloon near the police station on Wednesday
afternoon. The case was continued till August
23 at McClellan's request, to enable him to
subpoena witnesses.
Former Policeman in Trouble.
PrTTSBTJRO. Aug. 20.— When asked to-n!«ht
what he- thought of President Roosevelt" a
chances for nomination Senator M. S. Quay
made this reply:
"I have heard of no opposition to him.
Pennsylvania In my opinion will support Presi
dent Roos«velt at the national convention n«xt
year."
Further than this he- would say nothing.
Th© Senator was en route to Philadelphia,
where his daughter. Miss Coral, will christen
the battleship Pennsylvania.
Declares Pennsylvania Will Support
the President at the Na
tional Convention.
QUAY SAYS BOOSEVELT
WILL BE NOMINATED
0
Quan Tow wai taken into custody laat even
inS by Detectives Ryan and Taylor and his
name entered on the detlnu« book at the City
Prison. The arrest took place in a rooming
house at 105 Clay street and was accomplished
with some difficulty, owing to the fact that
Quan Yow made a determined effort to escape,
and his plan was only frustrated by the prompt
action of another Chinaman, who grabbed and
held him until the officers arrived.
It Is alleged by the police that he was with
Xgun Lun when that highbinder fired the shot
which ended the life of Tom Yick in Ross al
ley and that he decoyed and shot Dr. Yung
Hop in a Jack9on-street house In June o{ this
year.
According to the information furnished the
pollc© by members of the Educational Society,
the prisoner has killed two men in San Jose
and has participated in three murders in this
city. .Quan Yow. who Is a native son. Is re
garded as one of the moat desperate of the
local highbinders. Two charges of murder will
be placed against his name to-day.
Quan Yow Is Arrested and Will Be
Charged With Killing of
Tom Yick.
IS ACCUSED OF MURDER
OF FELLOW COUNTRYMAN
Special Dispatch to The Call
PORT TOWN8END, .Wash., Aug. 20.—
That Private John Crosso, Seventy-first
Company, Coast Artillery, was not hanged
by lynchers Is entirely due to the timely
appearance of fellow-soldiers when the
men engaged In searching for the assail
ant of Mrs. Jackson found him disguised
and hiding on Whidby Island, several
miles from Fort Casey. Knowing; the
sentiment prevailing among the farmers,
Sheriff Comstock lost no time in soliciting
the aid of the soldiers, and was enabled to
land Crosso safely In Fort Casey guard
house, where he will b6 kept until the
case is disposed of, the calaboose at
Coupeville, the county seat, being an. old
structure, from which it would be easy to
escape or for a mob to, take a prisoner. ,
Croeso has been all but positively iden
fled as the man who committed the brutal
assault upon Mrs. Jackson, the wife of a
farmer living near the Government re
serve, on Wednesday morning. His fran
tic efforts to secrete himself after having
effected a disguise, and the fact that he
was the only one absent -from roll call
point to Crosso as the guilty party. Ex
citement ran hieh on the island . for a
time, but the promptness with which the
arrest was effected has partly allayed the
anger of the farmers, who are now con
tent to allow the law to take its course.
DOMESTIC IS BURNED
TO DEATH AT RIVERSIDE
Explosion of Distillate in Cooking
Stove Sets Fire to Her
Clothing.
RIVERSIDE, Aug. 20.— Mollle Waters, a
domestic In the family of I. S. Brown, was
burned to death this morning as a result of
an explosion of distillate In the cooking stove.
The explosion occurred while the girl was pre
paring the morning meal and covered her
with the burning oil. She rushed out of the
house screaming in agony. Neighbors extn
rulfhed the names, but not before fatal in
juries had been inflicted. Death came an hour
later. The kitchen stove was piped for using
distillate as fuel. No cause for the sudden
explosion was discovered.
Randsburg Strike May Be Settled.
RANDSBURG. Aug. 20.— President W. H.
Nelson and Secretary F. S. Jones of the
Miners' Union were summoned to-day to Los
Angeles for a conference with the Desert Mlne
ownVrs 1 Association, with a view to end ng
the strike in the Randsburg mines. The union
Is said to be willing to waive the question of
recognition, but insists on the wage scale de
manded at the beginning of the strike. All
the miners and people of Randsburg alike
hope for an early adjustment.
Will Edit Humorous Periodical.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Aug. 20.— Th«
Chaparral. Btanford's humorous periodical, will
be edited during the approaching semester by
Isaac Russell '04. who conducted the maga
zine last year until the latter part of the spring
semeeter. when he turned it over to R. E. Re
naud R. W Borrough ex-'01 will return to
college and will again make his clever drawings
a feature of the book.
Railroad Superintendent Resigns.
LOS- ANGELES. Aug. JO.— W. B. Beamer.
superintendent of the Santl Fe lines in South
ern California, to-day tendered his rela
tion, to take effect October 1. Beamer had
been superintendent of this division of the
Santa Fe for fifteen years, having first come to
Los Angeles with the late General Manager
H. K. Wade, with whom he had previously
eerved on the Wabash syst«m.
Police Search for Runaway Boy.
NAPA. Aug. 20.— James L. Pickering, aged
15 years ran away from his home at Yount
vlllo Wednesday and the official* have been
unable to find him. Sheriff Dunlap has noti
fied the Chief of Police of San Francisco of
the youngster's escape. At the time of his
diEappcarance Pickering wore blue overalls, a
duck shirt and a gingham hat.
Gunshot Wounds Prove Fatal.
GILROT Aug. 20. — Herman R. Eschenburg
died this morning as the result of injuries re
ceived two weeks ago by being accidentally
shot while out on a hunting trip. Deceased
was a native of Gllroy. aged 31 years, and was
master of the local Masonic lodge.
PERSONAL MENTION.
The Rev. D. 1>. Macqualrrle of Riverside Is
at the Occidental.
John Finnell Jr.. a fruit grower of Red Bluff,
is a guest at the Lick.
D D Allison, a banker of Fresno, Is among
the arrivals at the Lick.
T. B. Rickey, a lumberman of Carson City,
is a' guest at the Palace.
V. S. McClatchy, editor of the Sacramento
Bee! Is at the California.
A. B. Seaver. a lumber man of Fresno, is
registered at the Palace.
E B. Shotwell. a wholesale grocer of Phila
delphia, is at the Palace.
Dr. O. Gear AUls of Philadelphia Is amqng
the arrivals at the Palace.
J. O. Hestowood, a mining man, who resides
at San Jo«e, is at the Grand.
A. W. Simpson, the well known lumber man
of Stockton, is at the Occidental.
State Superintendent of Public Instruction
Thomas J. Kirk Is at the* Palace.
B. Buckman of Holllster is visiting his
brother. M. Buckman. of this city. ,
Dr J W. Robertson, proprietor of the health
resort at Livermore. is at the California.
P. A. Cooney, a Fire Commissioner of New
Orleans, is spending a few days in the city.
A A. Grant, a well known mining man, who
has valuable claims at Sonora, Is at the Lick.
It. B. Rhoades, a mining man, with head
quarters at San Jose, is spending a few days
at the Grand.
United States Senator H. E. Foster of Wash-
Ington is down from Tacoma and is registered
at the Palace. >
G. M. Ross, superintendent of the Comstock
mines. Is down from Virginia City and is a
guest at the Occidental.
Joseph Bevan arrived in this city from Shef
field England, yesterday and will associate
himself with his brother in business here.
s J D. Davenport, a member of the Board of
Public Works of Los Angeles, Is in the city.
He paid a few complimentary calls at the City
Hall yesterday.
Ross C. Kline, Pacific Coast passenger agent
of the Wabash Railroad, who has been tour-
Ing the Puget Sound country, arrived in the
city yesterday. He is en route to hla home in
L<os Angeles.
Prince Cross, secretary of 'the Internal Trav
elers' Association of the United States, is visit
ing the city. He is stopping with his brother.
Dr. J. V. Cross, at the residence of the last
named, California and Flllmore streets.
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK. Aug. 20.— Callfornlans in New
York: r-^' '.'.: :„¦/• .v.-, r
San Francisco — E. E. Johnson, at St. Denis;
n. O. Burns. O. H. Wilson, at Herald Square;
Mrs. S. B. Qrmsby, at Criterion; S. Castle, at
Manhattan; C. H. Buckingham, at Grand
Union; W. Haldeman, at Grand; P. H.
Sweeney, at Raleigh.
Iy>s Angeles — W. J. Trask and wife, at
Grenoble; Mrs. M. C. Tupper, at Grand Union.
Patrick J. Murphy, a teamster, fell under
the wheels of his truck at the corner of Third
and Howard streets yesterday afternoon and
Ms right leg was broken, lie was treated
at the Emergency Hospital.
Falls Under Wagon.
ONE KEVOLVEB SHOT
"WOUNDS THBEE MEN
Quarrel Between Thresher Crews in
Oklahoma Results in Fatal In
jury of a Participant.
GUTHKIE. O. T.. Aug. 20. — In a quarrel
between thresher crews three men were shot
at a single discharge from a revolver in Pearl
Johnson's saloon at KieL U. O. CaUison was
mortally wounded: Dill Calllson, his brother,
was sllrhtly wounded in the right hand, and
B. N P. Jordan was grazed on the leg- by
the same ball fired by Irwln McDowell. The
Callisocs attacked McDowell, who warned them
off and then shct with the above result.
Will Sail on Scheduled Bate.
VANCOUVER. B. C. Aug. 20.— Canadian
Pacific officials have received cables from
Hongkong stating that the steamship Em
press of India, which collided with the Chi
nese cruiser Huang Tal off Hongkong, will
rail from that port for Vancouver on August
24. As that is her scheduled date of calling It
Is Inferred that the Injuries received In the
collision by the Empress were slight. * "
TMes of Heat Prostration.
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Aug. 20.— A girl named
"Crichtle," who came here recently from the
eoaat, died this evening of heat prostration.
6he had a brother living in Portland. Or. This
la the first authentic case of death from heat
In these parts, except in the case of desert
travelers. It baa been excessively and con
tinuously warm here for several days.
Laborer Is Killed by a Train.
KESWICK. Aug. 20. — Joaquin Perria, a
Cartr.Un «O years old and employed by the
Mountain Copper Company a» a smelter la
borer, was run over and killed this afternoon
by a train of the Iron Mountain Railway near
the company's offices. Perrla's sister resides
with a Spanish family at 1316 Powell street,
Ban Francisco.
Boy Killed by Burglars.
WASHBURS, Wis.. Aug. 20. — Two masked
men robbed the boarding-house cf Joseph
Hall at Sioux River last nlsrht and shot Will
C. Ernest, wred 12 years, killing hlnj. The
men escaped, but a poese is in pursuit.
Paymaster Seriously 111.
BT. PAUL.. Minn.. Aug. 20.— The condition
of Major Charles B. Kllbourne, paymaster of
the United States army, who Is suffering from
an ulceratlon of the stomach, is serious and
the outcome of his Illness is doubtful.
Trips to points of interest near Ban
Francisco. Sea the large sign at 613 Mar
ket Etreet, giving a list of the places of
interest on the Southern Pacific which
can b« seen In a few hours at trifling
cost. It will save you money and time.
G. A. B. Excursions.
LONDON. Augr. 20.— Dispatches received
at the Colonial Offlce to-day from Zun
ervie, Northern Nigeria, dated Augrust 18,
give details of the. destruction of the town
of Burml by a British force of thirty
whites and 500 native rank and file.
The enemy's loss was 700 killed, includ
ing the former Sultan of Sokoto and a
majority of the chiefs. The British loss
was eleven killed, including one officer,
and sixty-two men wounded. The enemy
made a desjjerate resistance.
Town Is Destroyed and Seven
Hundred Natives Are
Slain.
Alleged Assailant of Wife of
a Farmer Is Now in
Guardhouse.
Eleven Men Lost in a
Combat in Northern
Nigeria.
Arrive in Time to Balk
Plans of Wo'uld-Be ;
Lyncners.
BRITISH FALL
IN A BATTLE
SOLDIERS SAVE
THEIR COMRADE
James McDermott, a wholesale butcher, re
parted to the police yesterday that bis slaugh
ter house on First avenue South, ' between N
and P streets South, had been entered by burg
lars during Wednesday night. T^iey had
stolen six dressed lambs and one dressed
sheep, which he valued, at $25. . f\ —
Burglar's Steal Heat.
The second day's session of the Pacific Coast
Co-operative Union's convention was held yes
terday at the Academy of 8clences Hall. The
greater Dart of the session was given over to
a speech by Professor D. T. Fowler, who was
cent to England to attend the convention of
the International Co-operation Alliance , last
July. The delegates will again convene this
morning.
Co-operative Union Convention.
Vincent Arnell. a fifteen-year-old boy, ar
rived In this city yesterday from St. Joseph,
Mo from which place he had traveled as
best he could in order to find his three younger
brothers Harry. Lee and Earl. He applied
to Secretary White of the Society for Pre
vention of Cruelty to Children, who In turn
gave him in charge of Father Morgan of the
Youths' Directory. There he found his three
brothers and a happy family reunion took
place. -The three boys had been taken away
from their mother by White some tlma ago
and given In charge of Father Morgan at the
directory.
Brothers Are Reunited.
Just what the union will, do is not
known, but it is believed it will try and
enforce its scale. A strike at this time
would cause a big loss to the growers.
Prunes will soon be ready to pick and a
strike would result in the fruit being left
to rot on the ground.
/The strength of the Fruit Workers*
Union Is not known. Employers of help
have declared they will pay no attentfon
to the union, and the Sorosis Company at
West Side has declared it will discharge
any union men In its employ.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 20.— Canncrs, driers
and other large employers of help in the
fruit Industry are anxiously awaiting a
move by the Fruit Workers' Union, which
was recently organized here. A few days
ago the union presented its schedule of
wages to the fruit concerns, through II.
Ryan and A. George, its representatives.
The scale Is a graduated one, and runs
from 10 cents an hour for girls of 14 years
of age to 20 cents an hour for men in the
more skilled departments. Overtime is
also to be charged at an advanced rate.
The whole scale is somewhat higher than
last year.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Will Not Give Any Heed
to Scale of Wages
Presented
CANNERS AWAIT
MOVE OF UNION
More fine Dlctures of society women In the
Wasp to-day. a* *
Three Japanese . stowaways were discovered
last Wedntsday morning in the coal bunkers
of the America Maru, suffering from beri-berl
and starvation. One of the number. Toyojlro
Mutsusl, died yesterday morning. The others
were turned over to the Federal quarantine
authorities. !~ __ 1 ___ , •>'•: •,"".
Stowaway Dies of Starvation.
Mrs. John Pcttie will give a musicale and
house party in aid of the Universal Service
Society next Saturday evening at her home,
2505 Leavenworth street. Miss Etta Welch.
Harry Wood - Brown and many other well
known singers and. entertainers will appear.
Musicale in Aid of Society.
Thomas McQuald,-a teamster employed by
McNab & Smith, fell under the wheels of a
truck driven by "Buck" Taylor at Fifth and
Brannan streets yesterday afternoon. Before
the horses could be stopped the wheels of
the wagon had passed over McQuaid's head,
fracturing his skull. He died on tne operat
ing table at the Emergency Hospital.
Teamster Crushed to Death.
James Glenroy, a young man who was ar
rested on Friday afternoon by Deputy Tax
Collector H. C. Warren for selling tickets for
the Jeftrles-Corbett flght without a license and
at exorbitant figures, appeared before Police
Judge Cabaniss yesterday. Attorney Mack for
the defendant pleaded not guilty and demanded
a trial by Jury. The Judge set the case lor
trial on September 2, the first available day.
Demands a Jury Trial.
John Donnelly was badly cut about the head
and hands last night while paying a social call
at the home of James Smith, 109 Jessie street
and Smith and his wife were arrested and
booked at the Southern station on charges of
battery and assault to commit murder. . Ac
cording to Smith, Donnelly became too famil
iar with Mrs. Smith and she chased him with
a knife, cutting him about the head and hands.
Row at Family Gathering.
The will, of the late Mary R. Gorevan,
widow of James Gorevan, a pioneer tailor, was
filed for probate "yesterday. With the excep
tion of a bequest of ?500 to her grandchild,
Mary C. Gorevan, and bequests of $100 each
to-Itev. Joseph A. McAullffe and Rev. James
A. Grant, she leaves her estate to her five
ohlldrj-n, James J., Ellen F., Anna E., Agnes
C. and Mary C. Gorevan, share and share
alike. | In the will she states that she Inten
tionally falls to provide for her two grand
children, Mattle C. and John Gorevan. The
estate is said to be worth more than $50,000.
Leaves Estate to Children.
SUTTER CREEK, Aug. 20.— George Wrtg
glesworth, J. Trethewey and Nick Grey, en
gineers and members of the American Federa
tion of Labor, were discharged from the Key
stone mine at Amador City this morning and
their places tilled by Western Federation men.
It is stated that the discharged men were
notined by the Keystone Company to Join the
Western Federation and that their refusal to
do so resulted in tjielr discharge. The local
union of the American Federation la com
posed of the engineers of all the mines in this
county, millmen. blacksmiths. carpenterB and
othern, who refuse to Join the Western Fed
erutlon, claiming their union covers the same
points.
Mine Engineers Are Discharged for
Refusing to Join the West
ern Federation.
FIOHT BETWEEN" LABOR
UNIONS IS THBEATENED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 21, 1903.
7
THE EMPORIUM. | . THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMTfORIUM.
Sale Hat Pins ±> *m /?t* — Mysic Specials J
To- Day and Saturday '¦'&%¦*> JsK**^ £L**JL *»***^ 2 5c Compositions To-Day We \
Some of this, .elan's prettiest soe to $1.25 &-/jfij £JtVtilt/DuLlM<fif The Janice Meredith Waltzes by Louise V. *
styles, balance of a New York jobber's stock; Gastin, composer of «*Whcn KnighAood J
long, heavy pins, gold and silver gray finishes, CALIFORNIA'S '¦AreEg^g^^gg*****'^ Wa , in Flowcr " wa ! t2 - s> Famc f ortvnz h
filagree balls, heart-shaped, Roman designs, etc. . -•¦•JijggSB** 661 '*^ America's grandest store March and two-step by Charles J. Rockwell. £
The 50c styles 27c. Special Sale Goods ordered by mail Two splendid musical compositions; to-day J
75c, $1.00 and $1.25 styles 43c. or telephone will not be sent C. O. D. «ch ' JOo -J
; — — — ; — L : ! ¦ : ; ; — 5
$f*OO Tweed Suitings To~Bay Oniy 69c \
fZJP^Si iW]%& -jj. You'll be delighted with these strictly up-to-date all-wool fabrics for walking suits. They arc 0F^ 0t*j$& *rmm X
islrSSil El^ brand new fall goods in a very neat fine check effect, and the color assortment includes navy, brown, Mr^fa sT^ *
f£ks§r green, reds, black and white and gray; cannot be bought regularly under yd; to-day we say t^2£pr \^^f - x
Veilings and Laces Sale Fallow Tops |
' , Half Price or Less stwtirS E ZhMwnrSm*** '¥&z**m*± *
25c, 35c and 50c Tuxedo Veilings 16c-Thousands of yards **n*a i**unury Bags x
of this mOSt popular Weave Of face Veiling, SOme plain, Finished Sofa Pillow Coverings— AU ready to pat Ac floss pillows in; x lirge i
SOme dotted, SOme Chenille Spotted, plenty #£*» lo: of very attractive 50c and 75c designs; offered for Friday 2GC 5
of blacks and magpies. To-day o?ily, per yard B ***" and Saturday only, each **%*%* >,
Dreflv Point Vcnise Gallons— In white rrp^m flhH prm Embroidered Sofa PiUow Coverings— AU ready for tie pfflows; the latest j
WCliy H0IIU YCIU5C taailOOnS— in Wnite, Cream ana ecrU braid cffccts on a good washable material; a style and cualhiei thatiel! 5
colors. Beautitully made lace in new floral designs, regularly $uoo to 51.50 each; Friday and Saturday only tsjF— •;
etc. Medallions, straight and fancy bands. To-day ***** g
atld Saturday Only: . Ftac Lauufljy 53^5— Best quality of denim in pretty floral and interesting 5
Values up to 10c yard/ 5c Values up to 25c yard, 10c Chinese designs;.all of them fuU size and worth 50c; Friday OOa J
Values up to 15c yard, 7c Values up to 40c yard, 15c . and Saturday only, each &%9%* x
: 1 ; _ , i
Silk Drop Skirts $3,98 Excellent Suits $10.00 |
. And Other Big Special Also Three Great Big J
_^ Offerings for Women Clothing Values for Boys 8%k i
$£§0^ $6.00 Drop SKlTtS $3.98 — About One hundred Emporium Clothing prices are as low ai equally X>%^ *
of them — all that We COUld Secure tO Sell good qualities are sold for in any first-class store j&'^*\ *
¦ Jfe{ at thiS astonishing Special- price. The extra in America. We guarantee satisfaction on every \F 'i*\ $
g<?Od taffeta Of Which they are made P^chase or your money back. If ¦ A ft S
WlWSwk ; would co " y° u « much « 8 we Mk for the garment A satislactory, wcll-wcarmjj, shapc-rctaintog Soil V JfrJjA £
I f » W W§ complete. They are perfect drop skirt, ready for «£ Ten Dollars » what we wish to tell the men I fl A J
• / k ' hff adjustment to the dress, cut good and full, beauti- to-day Materials are strictly all-wool A%^ ffi I
• s'^mMkrl fully 'flounced, extra *6.oo Values. ¦ O AO blue or black serges and cheviots— fancy chev- A i| S
\\ N^^fe to-day. . . 3P&M&& lots, cassimeres and worsteds-cither single or /-^^S^^ "?
II <\ y-X'' W 7 *' double breasted sack coat; every garment perfect Ajge^ *^I^S^ n
Mi White Oxlord Wash Waists 98c -Or fine white lawn, fi t: j ng an d thoroughly ' S>S^ W$zy#*&. '5
l5#k\ if if you prefer; prettily tucked, pleated or embroid- tailored; the best yet &% f% fillffil 5»
l/l\\\J ered; all have full French- sleeves, worth &**—> for *PB*JB^f%jr **
/ II % \ $1 ' 2S aDd $I#5 °' m P orium P rice • • *"**C Boy$ ,* R * VS 5 ian Bioujg Suits— For «ges 2^ to 6 \l§k j>
I l\ \v \ Black Sateen Waists $125 — Excellent sateen, neatly years; aU-wool serges in red, brown, navy and
U I'm || /)v tucked, lull French sleeve, adjustable fancy mixtures with handsomely braided sailor MM \
I^5^*^^^ sdr*^, stock collar .... ...... §1*25 collars, knickcrbocker trousers, £5.00 value; <%0$%?z%z&£& •*
f^f/\\ -^^ / nanncl Waists— Well made warm ones for Fall ovr price $3*48 '\
( ' WC h 7" ' , ; ' n \ % ""I % «l? a ? w f n" 5 ° 5 ' 3 -P !ecc Vesl SvltS-For ages 8 to 1 5 years, ' J
W^/ "andsome Linen Pongee, Fouhird Silk and Wash Dresses £ hea J u j b!ue wcU made and |
A. '$. — y — Made in shirt waist and blouse coat effects, in a variety * t *"
of charming stylw, reduced like thU to close: trimmed, a $J. 50 value; 0 Ur price $5mOO *
Were. . . S2.9S 53-98 $13.50 $t6.50 $17-50 $18.50 $20 Boys* Overcoats— For ages j to 16 years, in dressy Oxford gray cheviots, £
Now. .$1.98 $2.98 $W.12 $12.38 $13.13 $14.38 $15 ] ong loose style with slash pockets and velvet collars, 55.00 values; X
Silk Coat Sale— Were $10.75 to $22.50, now, $5,45 to $11.25 ovr price. '. .$3,45 $
Butter Sate— Liquors Shirts and Neckwear \
Friday and Saturday Specials ti Two Big Sales in Progress *
43C ML Sl^O andj.2.00 Shirts-The overplus production of one of Americas most |
5 3M / * noted shirt makers; choicest Scotch Madras and real French Percales, small X
McBraycr Whiskey -A great bargain to-day and Saturday; the ffifflgLffi) figures and striped effects in great variety, stiff or soft bosoms, _,* ?
genuine old iMcBraycr, bottled by W. W. Johnson & Co.; Wg all jizes; to-day and Saturday M%3C *
full quarts, regularly $1.50, for Q3C * '5
Extra quality table Claret; gil'.on 45c WtsjsJBRB 75c and $1.00 Neckwear — The balance of another maker's stock; >c
Old Globe Whiskey, 6 yean old; gallon $2mOO w|S5i|Pfl beautiful materials in nice Fall colorings, both dark «nd medium effects, \
Reisling or Sauterne, 5 year, old; gallon . . . 65O four-in-hands and tecks; to-day and balance of week, •*
Geneva Gin, imported; large bottle . 85O *8$$£lF «ch jj
i ' . [ tm ' ' —7— ¦——¦——^^ Ig
WATCH FOR BREWSTER'S MILLIONS— NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL— A GREAT SERIAL STORY
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ll^IjA J **> WUffiVh 4Hti Fftv if^ love cliilarcn } and no
mM/ Isllll II I!^h ifi home can be completely
WW ill %M m. y k a PPy without them, yet the
ordeal through which the ex-
P ectant mother must pass usually is
I toITBIIP i S^ so °* sn^ er^ n STi danger and fear
I HEilil fc^ at s^ le loots forward to the critical
hour with apprehension and dread.
Mother's Friend, by its penetrating and soothing properties,
allays nausea, nervousness, and all unpleasant feelings, and
so prepares the system for the *
ordeal that she passes through MjP^kB'S'fe/Jfe|^9<r^
the event safely and with but |lj$3g fnjl SSfi 1}
# little suffering, as numbers IvBhJ'SIIIs^^S O^
have testified and said, "it is .
worth its weight in goli" $1.00 per jjCp^ff jf&Enk/flf
bottle of druggists. Book containing || § B a^ 1 i a li
valuable information mailed free. H H M^^MB xffl
THE BRADFIELD REGULATOR CO.. Atlanta. Ga.
AMUSEMENTS.
CENTRAL^
Market st, sear Eighth. Pbone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— THREE LAST NIGHTS.
MATINEXS TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
Ma«nifleent Production of the Great Civil War
Drama.
"CUMBERLAND '61"
GORGEOUS SCENERY!
SPLENDID STAGE EFFECTS!
BRILLIANT CAST1
EPECIAI* WELCOME TO THE GRAND
ARMY!
DDTfTC Evenings 100 to 6Oo
rKltCj Mfttlaees 10c. 15c, 23<j
Aof. 24. Alexander Dumas' Masterpiece,
CAMILLE.
Symphony Concerts.
FRITZ SCHEEL, Hi
GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
—
CHANGES OF DATES OF CONCERTS.
The SYMPHONY SOCIETY anouncea that
the concerts under the direction of MR.
8CHEEL will take place on TUESDAYS in-
stead of Fridays, at 3:15 p. m. The next con-
cert will be on TUESDAY. Aug. 25. at 3:15 p.
m. The remaining six concerts on: Tuesday,
Sept. 1; Tuesday. Sept. 8: Tuesday. Sept. 15;
Tuesday Sept 22; Tuesday. Sept. 23; Tuesday,
Oct. 6. Seats on sale at Sherman & Clay's
Music Store, cor. Butter and Kearny sts.,
Thursday morning and after. Prfcca: 60c. $1,
SI 25. $1 50. Tickets good for Tuesdays of the
week' of th»lr dates.
LECTURES AND CONCURTS.
y&Z&SbQi STEINYVAY HALL,
MC^^^^^^ 6T7NDAY NIGHT »t'8:15_
VKwZ^B' IS THOUGHT ?
T«38§£%C*£*^J With Krrcrln.cnta in
¦
BJLERS
Guaranteed Pure*
None So Good*
Sold EbergUhtrz*
HILBERT MERCANTILE CO.,
Pacific Coast Agents.
Palace d °n' t fail t0
laitlW see the beau tif u l
j COURT Lounging
/IDfl room, the EMPIRE
aUU PARLOR, the
n % PALM ROOM, the
linifiQ LOUIS XV PAR-
uluim LOR, and the LA-
n ij,, DIES' WRITING
Hotels r °om.
AMUSEMENTS.
Heeley raid Meely; Bosie Bcndel;
John Le Clair; Lew Hawkins and
the Biograph. l*st week of Seeley
and West; Sidney Wilmer and
Company; Miss Wynne Winslow;
The Great Haufmann Troupa and
ELFIE FAY,
¦ The Craalea Socbrett* oa th« American
Stag*."
He*erv*a 8exta. 2ic; EaJcoay. 10c; Box Seat*
nr.a Opera CT.aira. 50c
TJVOLIK&"
TO-NIGHT and all this week.
SITLTIDJIT MATOEE.
In Response to the General Demand.
CAA1ILLE DARVILLE
VCiU Ctatlsue la PeKoveas Great Comic
Opera.
THE HIGH WAY •'**'* rV.
The cart 1* a ep*c!»J one throughout!
EDWIN' STEVENS a» FOXT QUIT.I.KR.
Arttur CenrSnghani. Ferris Hartman. Ed-
ward Webb, Ansie Mj-er*. Marie Walsh. Almee
Leicester aad the entire T.vo'.l company.
Th« Grand Opera f*e«»on Will Cpen 01
MONDAY Auenst 31. Semtm f or * ale
From Monday, Aotoit «*.
POPrLAIl PRICES 25c. 50c. 73o
TeJfphaae — Bc«a 9.
COLUEVIBIH LMM Uff.2
Powell Sirwt Setr itiurket-
I.AST 3 NIGHTS— MATUCEE SATURDAY.
HENRY MILLER
— AKI>—
MARGARET ANGLIN
la George Bernard Shaw's
THE DEVILjS DISCIPLE
BEGINNTNQ NEXT MONT>AT\
SEAT3 NOW REACT.
HE5BT Mrr.T.ra and MAE6ABET ASSUS
In Richard HanSin* Darts' Comedy,
THE TAMING OF HBLBN.
Uatisees Wednesday and Saturday.
fALSFORNIA
UTbe I>c-.arkab!« E^\
NEILL-MOROSCO CO. **
_ — Pmexitlnx Great War Play, rr •—
•£> "SHEHANDOAH." H
jj\) Most brilliant military ****
- — spectacle ever seen on th« « w
j[Jj stage; COO regular soldiers la JLO
the rrarvelous battle scena.
Zztr» Perfora cm ficsdaj >; gfct.
W N« Moclay — "Hn. COI
I Q § l-u--it's Defense." p
IHE.ATRU
f* w*** A gkB r> OPERA
HOUSE
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
LAST NINE NIGHTS
OF THE SEASON.
RAYMOND AND CAVERLY
And Our Superb Etastarn Company.
Tn the Delightful Musical Eccentricity.
"IN HARVARD"
TO-MORROW — L'nJrerelty of California
n:*rht. Ha! Ha! H»! C«.l-l-for-nl-a — tT. C. —
Uorkeley. Zip — Boom — Ah!
PHICES— »c. 60c. 75c.
1 T D A F7 1 "O Btlaseo & May".
ALCAZAR E ,s™K.~.
Gen. Mrr.
TO-NIQBT-TfllS WEEK.
USUAL. MATINEE TO-MORBOVT.
EXTRA MATINEE NEXT SUNDAY.
To supply the Enormoas Demand for Seats for
the Quaint Rural Comedy.
THE DAIRY FARM.
1200 TIMES IN THE EAST.
"It > a wiener." — Call.
•Filled with humor." — Examiner.
*Tco few *uch plays." — Chronicle.
COAST TOVR TO FOLiOW.
E,-, , 25c to 75c; All Three Mats. lJSc to BOe.
MONDAT. Auk. 31— 8p«^lal eeaeon of
FLORENCE ROBERTS
In THE UNWELCOME MRS. HATCH.
Seat Sale Next Monday.
"Hoormy. Hoorfty. tor the Blue and th« Gray,
Trey own th« c-lty. let them haTe full sway.
And Tbey AU Will Come to Bee
QUO VASS 1SS
THE BIG UntiTPRINCESS
Tre Very Funniest of All the Burlesques.
Our '"All-Star" Ca*t. Including
KOLB AND IjILL.
BARNEY BERNARD.
WINFIELD BLAKE.
HARRY HERMSEN.
MAUDE AMBER.
KLEANOR JENKINS.
Etc.. Etc.. Etc.
RESERVED FEATS— NlRhts. 25c. EOc and
75c. Saturday and Sunday Matinees. 25c and
COe. Ccllflren at Matineee. 10c and 25c.
Five Baby Lions in the Zoo.
A GREAT KHOTV EVERY AFTERNOON
AND EVENING IN THE THEATER.
Inspect "CABARET DE LA MORT."
VISIT THE POUND AND ONE-HALF BABT
IN THE INFANT INCUBATOR.
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN. Be
VISIT THE
"MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE"
MISCEI.LAirEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
LYKIC HALL.
Eddy, Above Mason.
Ckarles Frohman Prest it«
EVERYMAN
Tfci» Fifteenth Century Morality Play.
Commencing Wednesday, Sept. 2.
Se<it« Ready, Sherman. Clay A Co.
August 26.
CECELIA CHORAL SOCIETY.
Tt& above Rofiety. fortunately securing the
Krvices of the eminent Conductor and Com-
l-oKer. Walter Handel Thorley. late • Prof essor
BoysJ Acad^rny oi London, will continue re-
under his baton at Curtax Hall. 16
r »T*rre*I etr*et. ccmmencln» TUESDAY
KVEN1NG Aujr. 2T., fc:J5 o'clock. Active mem-
»"TFhlp will be increased. Parties desiring to
J=rp!y for same rlease address, with references.
MRS T. P.iDDICK. 232 Van Ness ave.
wSf Gall a.ooWY»ST. PAUL, Aug. 20.— The annual reunion
of the army of the Philippines will bo held In
St. Paul for four day« .beginning - Auxuat 31.
Dress suit easy, fiber or canvas telescope
crip we can please you in both quality
and price. Leather goods ¦ department,
E&nborn, Vail & Co., 711 Market street*
If You Heed a Trunk,
CHICAGO. Aug. 20.— Miss Btsste Anthony
and Miss Frances Everitt played "the principal
match In the second round of match play for
the Ontwonsla golf cup to-day. Miss Anthony
winning three up. two to play. .- Mrs. A. T H.
Bower will meet Miss Anthony In tho eeml
finals to-morrow.
Miss Anthony Wins at Golf.
OAKLAND, Aug. 20. — Articles of Incorpora-'
tion of : the Jackson Granger Dairy Company
of Alvarado were filed; with, the -County Clerk
to-day. ' The directors are Daniel Jackson/ Far
ley- B. '< Granger. S." H. Granger, • E. F. Jackson
and Fred G. X Harvey. - The capital stock of
the "corporation Is $50,000, of the par value of
XT. a share. . tngamSiM
Milk Company Organizes.
CHOTEAU, Mont., Aug. 20. — Upon com
jilaSnt of a deputy game warden Justice -De
J!aas has issued a warrant for the arrest of
Joeeph W. Pulitzer, ton of the New York pub
lisher, for violation of the game laws In this
county.
Warrant Out for Pulitzer's Son.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
. , Thursday. August 20.
Stmr Signal. Bendegard. 7C hours from South
Bend.
SAILED.
Thursday, August 20.
Stmr Scotia. Erlckson. Bowens Landing
PASSED IN, 12 O'CLOCK MIDNIGHT*
Stmr Acapulco, from Panama and wav nort«
\ Y RETURNED. -
Scbt Bessie K. Merriam. hence Aug 20 tnr
San Vicente Landing, returned, on account of
disabled machinery. . . l or
DOMESTIC PORTS.
OAKLAND. Aug. 20.— The divorce suit In
stituted by Ida May Smith in San Joaquln
County against Alexander M. Smith has been
transferred to this county. They were mar
ried in 1800 and have two children. She alleges
desertion. Mary Jan« Brady has begun suit
for divorce against Louis Brady on the grounds
of desertion and failure to provide. u e is
supposed to ba in Wyoming.
Want Bonds Severed.
Elberfeldt permitted ¦ three men to • come in.
Attendance, 6800 ¦ Score : ¦ ¦ ' '
First game — ? ¦ R. H. E.
St. Louis : 1- r5 6
New York -,6.\13 0
Batteries — Powell and Sugden; Griffith and
Bevllle.
Second/game — - - R. H. E.
St. Louis '. T. ....... '. 4 12 1
New York .....«2 '9 1
Batteries— Sudhoff,' Pelty and Sugden; Wolfe
and Bevllle.
. CLEVELAND, O. Aug 20.— Cleveland bat
ted out a victory in - the' first inning,' Orth's
triple saving Washington a shutout. / To-day
was children's day and ¦ 10.000 boys • and girls
were admitted free. Attendance. 12,300. Score:
« fc R. H. E.
Cleveland .T 6 12 0
Washington ........ ........~. 19 * 0
Batteries— Joss and Bemls; Orth and Kit
tredge. .
LOUISVILLE, Aug. 20. — Hiram J. Scrog
gan, the well-known turfman, died to-day of
stomach . trouble.
Hiram J. Scroggan Dies.
QUEBEC. August 20.— Word was re
ceived here to-night that the steamer
Carolina, which left here yesterday for
Eaeucnay, went ashore at midnight in the
latter river elx miles from Tadousac. It
is expected eho will float with calm
weather. There were 317 passengers on
hoard, principally Americans, and 'al
though some were landed on the rocks by
the steamer's boats, the majority. walked
;¦ shore in their night garb and suffered
greatly from cold and wind.
This morning a tug took the passengers
to Tadoueac, many of whom being. unable
tocjecure clothing, wrapped in rugs and
blankets.
Steamer Carolina Aground in the
Saguenay River With 317
Persons Aboard.
PASSENGERS WADE ASHORE
IN THEIR NIGHT GARB
CHICAGO. Aug. 20.— J. A. \ T.- Bramston.
premier rutta percha golfer of the Oxford-
Cambridge golf team, celebrated the day of
the Englishmen's Western trip at the Home
wood Country Club> links by winning two sil
ver cups and breaking all competition and
practice records of the course. He captured
two trophies In the first medal score event the
Britons have played in since ttyelr arrival, with
a total of 75 strokes, two strokes lower than
the second cup-winnir.g score of his Oxonian
team mate. H. W. Beveridge. who made a 77.
Bramston's card, seven under "bogey," fol
lows : \
Out , * 6 4 4 3 5 3 8 3—37
In i 4 S 4 4 3 4 6 4 4— 3S
Total '. 75
Bramston's home club at Winchester. Eng
land, will have the custody of the $300 cup for
one year, when it will be returned for annual
competition at Homewood. The Tther cup la
the Briton'B personal property. Captain Low
and bis team left to-night for the East.
Captures Two Cups on a Chicago
Club's Links, Making Seven
- > Under "Bogey."
ENGLISH GOLFER MAKES
A REMARKABLE SCORE
.The men students of the University of Cali
fornia* held their flrst rally of the . present col
lege year, this evening In Harmon ¦ gymnasium.
The affair . was | especially I planned to awaken
the enthusiasm of the freshmen, who are Just
being introduced to the Joys of academic life.
The principal speakers were , Professor Henry
Morse' Stephens and - Colonel George • C. Ed
wards. , • . <
President Wheeler began a series of lectures
on the principles- of language this morning.
He will continue this course throughout the
present college terra. - .
- It has been decided to give two presenta
tions' of "Everyman," the English morality
play, at the university. The piece w.Ml receive
its flrst presentation on the coast on the after
noon of September 1- in .Harmon . gymnasium.
The play will be again presented on the e\-en
ing of the same day. .¦ • - " <
President Thelen of the Associated Students
has announced the appointment of the follow
ing committees for the ensuing year: r Rally
J. E. Rcadhouse. ' A. ' H. Mowbray* A. W.
Meaney.-L. D. Bishop and J. F. Shuman: de
bating—H. Greensfelder. I. S. Metzler, W. F.
Dehm; chess — W.' B. Scotchler, E. H. Sawyer
anil J. U Dobbins. : . .
BERKELEY. Aug. 20.— Harry Beal Torrey.
an instructor In the physiological department
of the university, is dangerously ill of typhoid
fever. He was compelled to relinquish his
duties several days ago and Is now in an Oak
land sanitarium. ' '
The Fire Department has established a
new engine house on Bush street, r.ear
Taylor. The Board of Public Works .will
formally accept the house to-morrow; at
1:3Q o'clock. ' Truck No. 10 will move into
the new Quarters.
New Engine House.
OAKLAND. Aug. 20.— The City Council,
in committee of the whole, to-night recom
mended that the liquor license of Washington
Bland, 801 Willow street, be revoked. Testi
mony of E. R. Claymore, C. A. Chlchester. Dr.
J. B. Wood. Mrs. C: A. KUnkner. J. C. Wills
and J. Legenfester was heard in protest against
J. E. Donohue's application for a license at the
Golden Gate Hotel. Mrs. M. Chrlstensen
daughter of the applicant, was heard for the
petitioner. Many residents of Goldn Gate ap
peared in opposition to the application. No
decision was reached.
License Is Revoked.
UNIVERSITY EVE NTS
CORNING, N. Y. p auc. 20.— A terrible storm
visited this section' last/night . and j did great
damage. All railroads passing through here
are badly affected. Around Lake Kewka the
damage to grapes and other crops was wide
spread, as hall •• accompanied the 'storm therer
Storm Dainages Grape Crop.
MEADE, Kans., Aug. 20.— "W. J. Ed
wards of Plains, Kans., near, here, was
shot and killed durlrtg the night. His
sons. T)(sfi and Roy, have surrendered, ad
mitting thdft they did the shooting. Xo
cause is known.
SONS MAKE CONFESSION
/ OF FATHER'S MURDER
SEATTLE, Aug. 20. — Result* at The, Mead
2-17 pace — Won hy Sweet Marie, Brlney K
Fecond, Master Delmar third. Beet time,
2:10%.
Four and a. half furlonjts — Red Cross Nurse
won. Resigned second, Crighll third. Time,
:55H-
Five furlongs— Skirmish won. Rosebud sec
ond. Educate third. Time, 1:01%.
Six and a half furlontcs — Casdale won. As
sessment second. Mr. Robson third. Time,
1:22. • ¦
Six furlODKS — Sallle Goodwin won, Mac-
Flecnoe eecond, Nanon third. Time, 1:14>4.
Mile and fifty yards — CarcnaL won. Royalty
second. Diamante third. Tim<i:40U-
Racing at The Meadows.
May Match Neil and Feltz.
Frank Nell, the boxer, received an offer yes
terday from W. H. Consldlnc of Detroit for a
match with Tommy Feltz. Nell accepted and
is awaiting further information. The boys
are to meet at lie pounds at 3 p. m. They
will receive 50 per cent of the receipts.
Ecore Reverts to Eighth Inning and
Seattle Team Wins.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(PaciSo National League.)
W. L. Pct.l . . W. L. Pet.
LosAngelea 67 42 .G16 Beattle 5T 40 .040
nutte 66 42 -C12 Ban Fran.. 50 " 64 .509
Fpckane... 60 60 .SiSlSalt Lake. 14 2tf .320
SALT LAKE. Aug. 20.— A rainstorm In
the ninth Inning gave the game to BeatUe to
day. With a ecore of 7 to & againit them at
the commencement of the ninth, the Elders
batted out three runs. As the last local man
was Dut out a heavy rainstorm came up and
the .iraine was called, the score then, under the
ruiebh reverting to the end of the eighth In
r.'.r.g, trhich was ia Seattle'* favor. The game
wu played under difficulties, the grounds be
tsg sloppy frota the chowers. Attendance,
1200. Score:
R. H. E.
Bait Lake 8 0 0 0 0 2 0 0 8—8 18 2
Seattle 00120801 x— 7 13 2
Batteries — Wiggs, Tozler and Anderson; En
g:le an! Stanley. Umpire — Huston.
LOS AXGELES, Aug. 20.— A email crowd
itw Los Angeles defeat Ban Francisco ag&ln
to-day. The locale were lucky to win, as the
visitors outbatted them, but they did some
poor fielding: Score: 1
R. H. E.
Lo« Acgelea 0 0 2 0 8 10 16—7 9 2
San Fra&cUco 1 12000011—6 12 fi
Batteries — Stridden and Hlldebrand; Pfles
ter and Zearfoes. ».•>¦-
Alexander Gregsalns has a novelty on his
boxing programme for to-night In the San
Francisco Club gymnasium in two athlftes
from the French cruiser Protet. They will
give an exhibition of the French method of
boxing, In which the feet play the most promi
nent part. The remainder of the programme
Is made up of seven boxing bouts between
well-matched glove wlelders.
Novel Boxing Exhibition.
SALT LAKE, Aug. 20.— Andrew Adams,
the»walter who on last Saturday murder
ously-assaulted and frightfully slashed
Mrs. Jennie Gerald with a razor and then
cut several gashes In his own throat In
an effort at self-destruction, committed
suicide in a remarkable manner at the
Holy Cross Hospital to-night. Since he
was brought to the hospital he has made
several attempts to/tear open the self
inflicted wounds In his throat, and a close
watch has been kept on him. To-night,
however, he evaded his nurse and went
Into a bathroom. . He got Into the tub,
and placing . his mouth over the faucet
turned the water on full force. One of
the sisters who was searching for the
man attempted to drag him from the
tub, but Adams clenched the faucet be
tween his teeth and held on until uncon
scious. He died within a few minutes.
It is now believed that Mrs. Gerald will
recover.
Places Mouth Over Open Faucet of
Bathtub and Dies Within
a Few Minutes.
WAITER KILLS HIMSELF
BY "WATER CURE" METHOD
SAIN ENDS SALT LAKE GAME.
Philadelphia ...............'4 16, 3
Batteries— Kltson and' Buelow; Flank and
Schreck. . . ,
ST.- LOUIS. Aur. 20.— St.: Loula split even
In a double-header this afternoon with •' New
York the visitors winning the first game. 6 to
1. and losing the second. 4 to 2, , An error br
Philadelphia ......0* 6 3
Batterie* — Klselnger, McGulre and Buelow;
Bender. Powers and Schreck.
Second game — R. H. E.
Detroit • .--B 12 4
Chicago • • • » 13 2
Boston •' 5 9 0
Batteries— Altrpck and Slattery; Hughes,
Winter and J. Stahl,
/DETROIT. Mich.. Aug. 20.— The locals took
two games from Philadelphia this afternoon.
The first was a shut-out for Kissinger, who
pitched splendid ball. * A wonderful stop by"
Long followed by a double play : was the fea
ture. With three on bases in the ninth. Craw,
ford batted in the winning run. Both pitchers
were hit hard. Attendance 3360. The scores:
First game— R. H. E.
Detroit 3 .'7 1
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
CHICAGO, Aus. 20.— Hughes waa an easy
mark for Chicago to-day In the four innings he
pitched. AHrock kept hits well scattered ex
cept In one Inning." Freeman broke the ground
record by landing the. flrst hit ever made over
the score board far out In right field. Attend
ance, 2475. Score:
. R. H. E.
Phlladehihla S 11 6
Batteries — McFarland and O'Ncll; Mitchell
and Roth. Umpire — Emslle.
Brooklyn •. 2 10 0
Batteries— Menefee and Kline; Reldy and
Jacklltsch. Umpire — Moran. j
BOSTON. Aug. 20.— Boston-Cincinnati game
postponed) rain.
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. 20.— To-day's game
was tho first played by the home club since the
fatal accident at the National League Ball
Park on August 6. The game was played on
the American League grounds. Attendance,
2000. Score :
R. H. E.
St. Louis ; 8 8 1
Pittsburg 4 12 2
Batteries— Taylor. Cronln and Bowerman:
Phllllppi and Smith Umpires— Hurst an*
O'Day. •-
BROOKLYN. Aug. 20.— In a pitchers' battle
between Reldy_ and Menefee, Brooklyn to-day
defeated Chicago. 2 to 1. The fielding on both
slde« was errorless. Attendance, 2200. Score:
R. H. ' E.
Chicago .1 9 Mt
NEW YORK. Aug. 20.— New York and Pitts
burg split even on a double-header to-day. The
first game was presented to New York by poor
fielding on. the part of the Champions. The
second game was won by Phllllppl's good pitch
ing. Attendance. 13,784. Score:
First game — r. h. E.
New York 13 if 5
Pittsburg 7 13 g
Batteries — Mntthewson. Miller and Bower
man; Doheny. Vail and Phelps.
Second game — / R. h. E.
New York 1 6 1
Phillippi's Pitching Wins One Con
test of a Double-Header
for Pittsburg.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
POOR FIELDING GIVES
A GAME TO NEW YORK
Mr. Mackay's retirement was believed at the
time to tw only temporary and. the announce
ment of his return to active participation in
the sport will be pleasing news to turf men
generally. Mr. Mackay was an ardent patron
of the sport and had collected a stable worthy
tr> represent any owner of race horses. It was
disposed of during tho meeting here last year.
He kf^t Kamara and Trigger, both of which
raced successfully in his color?, and sent them
to Silver Brook stud to be mated with Banas
tar, the first winner of an important stake In
his colors". Charlie Hill, who trained for Mr.
Mackay. has had charge of Silver Brook and
will undoubtedly for him^agaln.
SARATOGA, Aug. 20.— Clarence II. Mackay,
whore retirement from the turf at the middle
of last season placed one of the most exten
sive thoroughbred stables In the country on
the market, has (made several entries for the
Saratoga stakes for next season. This is taken
hennas conclusive evidence that his colors will
bft-fseen in the turf contests of next year.
Popular Millionaire Sportsman En
ters Several Horses in Saratoga
Stakes for Next Year.
CLARENCE MACKAY'S COLORS
TO BE SEEN ON THE TURF
Minneapolis Is the second largest Scan
dinavian city. ,
By the New York Telegraph.
First race — Highlander, The Mus
keteer, Ingold.
Second race — Calcutta, Albany
Girl, Paget.
Third race — Beldame, Abdell,
Kohinoor.
Fourth race — Short Hose, Reserva
tion, Payne.
Fifth race — Mineola, For Luck,
Redman.
Sixth race-^Tribes Hill, Florham
Queen, Peninsula.
SARATOGA SELECTIONS.
NEW YORK, Aug. 20.— Saratoga entries:
First race, seven furlongs, three-year-olds
and inward, selling— Gold Bell 1(«. Conun
drum i«D -Bob HlllJard W, The -Musketeer 103,
Highlander 10S, Rosanco 101. Stroller DC, Paul
Clifford 105 Tam O'Shanter 10.3. Locket 103,
Ir.go!d 106, kfliprln 99, S^eet Alice S3.
Second race, one mile, maiden three-year
0 14«! — Papet 109. Innsbrouck 112. Roekmart 107.
Canajoharie 112 Pap Lougin 112. Avignon 100,
Albany Girl 107* Calcutta 10t>, Semper Vlvax
ll«t. Pass Book 109. MIes Gould H>7.
Third race five and a half furlores, two
vetr-nldF. handicap— Jim Kelly 122. Abdell
120 Path Beach 11C, Monster 115, Collector
.TeFsup 115, Kohlnoor 115. Rain or Shine 111.
Beldame 111. Rowena 10S, Graziallo 1OS. Mag
da la 107, San R«mo 105.
Fourth race, one and three-elxteenths miles,
the Huron handicap for three-year-olds — Short
hose 11» Sheriff Bell 105. Reservation 10«,
Proper IKS, Klgodon 114, Payne 104.
Fifth race, six furlongs, two-year-old maiden
fillies and geldinrs— Clytie 110, Naughty Lady
110, Esrwrance 110. Salada 110. Silver Meade
110 Redman 110. Applause 110. Mmeola 110,
For Luck 110. Masdala 110.
Sixth race, one and an eighth miles on turf,
three-year-olds and upward, selling — Florham
Queen 5HJ Dark Planet 102, Fiara^lll, Bob
Milliard 03. Peninsula 98. Stonewall 100, Lu
cent 101. Tribes Hill 106.
Weather clear. Track fast.
SARATOGA ENTRIES.
King, Commodore.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race — Little Mission, Cather
ine Chinn, Snowdrift.
Second race — Beau Ormonde, St.
Miner, Talpa.
- Third race — Orsina, The Giver,
The Conqueror.
Fourth race — Determination", J. W.
O'Neill, Cognomen.
Fifth race — McGee, Ancke, Cal
lant.
Sixth race — Copperfleld, Floral
CHICAGO. Aug. 20. — Hawthorne entries:
First race, six furlongs, maidens. Helling —
Duchess Hanna 107. Feby Blue 105. Little
Mission 105. Grace Banta 105. Grayville 105.
Penance 105 Courage 1C0. Minnie I> 105, Snow
drift 105 Miss Clancy 105, Edith Mack 105,
Catherine Chlnn 102. Rosie Dillon 10O, Siloam
100.
Pecond race, six furlongs — Talpa 105. Galan
thee 105, Beau Ormonde 105, Bardolph 103,
Headwater 102, Paul Wha'.ey 102. L'Etrenne
100 Oronte 98 St. Minor 9S, Prodlsality "98.
Hetzel 98. Martinmas 95. Jackfull «5.
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles, handi
cap — The Conqueror II 107, Orslna 105. The
Giver 103, Warte Nlcht 101, Meebanus 9S,
Louisville 94.
Fourth race, four and a half furlongs, sell-
Ing_St. Paula 1&7, Annora J 107. Henry
Leuhrmann Jr. 10«, J. W. OXelll 100, Cog
nomen 105 Determination 104. Red Bird lttl.
Mi?s McMeekln 103, Tempe J 103. Gus Heldorn
10.1 English Plan 103, Belle The Cat 103,
Cardona 103. Allista 102. Sol Smith 101.
Fifth race one mile — C. B. Campbell 108.
Urchin 104 Callant 1<H. Bard of Avon 104.
St Tainmany 102, O'Hagen 1G2. Crestfallen
102 Somersault 100, Zyra 100, Rossmond 94,
McGee 94, Vestry 8a, By Ways 89, Ancke 84.
Sixth race, five and a half furlongs — Floral
King 100, Dorlce lOti. Comrade 105. Salivate
105 Copp'erfleld 103, Falemlon 105. Esherson
105! Pat Hammon 105, Maggie L»cber 102.
Sunny Brook 102. Grangeman 102, Handwltcb
102, Commodore 105.
Weather clear. Track eood. ' -?. '
HAWTHORNE SELECTIONS.
HAWTHORNE ENTRIES.
First race — Miss Gould, Irene Mac,
Detest.
Second race — Mafalda, "\frenrick,
Allegrette. N
Third race— Kingstelle, T>r. Hart,
Brown Vail.
Fourth race — Dr. Cartledge, Rain
land, Ben Adkins.
Fifth race — Lasso, Hindi, Evea G.
Sixth race^ — I.ynch, ladas. Cer
tain.
By the New York Telegraph.
Second Mate 114. Requisition 113. left at post.
FOURTH RACE— One and a ilxteenth miles,
handicap: _
Betting. Horse. "Weight. Jockey. St. *« Fin.
4 to 5 — Little Scout, 107 (Sheehan) « B 1 >i
3 to 1 — Taby Tosa, 105 TLouden).. 5 2 2 n'.i
8 to 1— Orris. 9S (Hisgins) 4 1 .Ink
Time 1 :47yi. Start good. Won handily.
Winner G. C. Bennett & Co.'s ch. g. by Lamp
lignter-Little Indian. Light Opera 98, Joslo
F 93, Leenja S3, also ran.
FIFTH RACE — Seven furlongs, purse.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
3 to 5 — Brancas 103 (Sheehan) — . 5 3 1 n
6 to 1 — Hugh McGowan. 100 (Brld
well) 2 12 13
15 to I— Leech, CS (C. Bonner) 3 5 3 nk
Time, 1:2S*;. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, W. Gerst's ch. c. by Knight of Eller
slie-Brackett. Harbor BS. Tur?and O S3. also
ran.
SIXTH RACE — One mils and seventy yards,
selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
X to 1— Una Price. 107 (F. Smith). 1111
10 to 1 — Varna Fonso. 88 (Shea)... 2 3 2 'i
15 to 1 — Ben Hempstead, 104, <Me-
Comas) 5 7 ."5 ™
Time. 1:47. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner J. Lafferty- & Sons' ch. m. by Once Agaln-
Miss Price. Rolllc II 104. Chandoo 107. Ou.-
Lady 110. Tlckful 101, Exapo 9«, Count Tenor
109, also ran.
KOTLOCH PABK ENTRIES.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 20. — Kinloch Perk entries:
First race six and a half furlonsts. selling^ —
Viccerne 97. D'Arcy 10O. Marchioness, lft'5. Th»
Advocate 103. Detest OS. Miss GouM 107. Got
Goo S3. Lacache 10O. Burlap 97, Lazarre Ox.
Tansrent 109, Irene Mac 107.
Second race, five ar.d a half furlor.23. sell
ing — Allegrette 05, Lord ITermence 103. Atlas
1W). Mafai'la 105, Wenrick 103, Falkland 100,
Ocyrohe 103.
Third race, one- and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing — Kingston? 98, Leon De 02. Lou Clleverfen
10:5, Daddy Bender 95. Dawson. 9S, Eugenia S
98. Brown Vail 98, Dr. Hart 105, Varner liXi.
Whltmore 100. Exapo 91. Beana OS. Charles I>
105. Galanthus 103. Eliza Dillon 101.
Fourth race, six furlongs, handicap, purse —
Bustler S5 Dr. Cartledse 90. Mas: Nolln 102.
Rainland 117, Old Stone 90, Fenlaa 86, Ben
Adklns 106.
Fifth race, one mile and seventy "yards,
purse — Hindi S5, Evea G 95, Lasso 100, Menaca
10O The Four Hundred 100, Blanco 05, Doe
skin 100.
Sixth race, one mile, nelllne — Lynch 10!>.
Goldone 114 Ladas 116. Marcos 117, Aules
114, Certain 111. Macbeth 114, Charles Ram
sey 116. Kitty Clyde 114.
Weather clear. Track fast.
KINLOCH PARK SELECTIONS.
Van Noye vs. Tobasco Bob: Bob R vs. Lulu
Girl; Kastluke vs. Otto; Clobefell vs. Sofala:
Slievenamon vs. Cascade; Shadow vs. Lord
Goff; ¦\Vetlgt»\vood vs. Harvey M: White Hat.
vs. Pepper Jack; Grace AV vs. Whiskey Hill;
Dorothy M vs. Rose Tree; Magic Stuff vs.
Medley; Old Ironsides vs. Bonnie Husrhle; Roy
HuKhle vs. Topsy Turvey; Donneybrook vs.
Tom Hurllck; Wattles vs. Van Delia; Money
Musk vs. Glaucus; Go On ve. Lady Pinta; Pre
sidio Boy vs. Duhallow; Lady Menlo vs. Mary
Ann: Rlcnzl vs. Modest Beauty; May Flush
vs. Young Fearless: LSelfast vs. Clarice; Lily
Wright vs. Miss Wilson; Rock and Rye vs.
Irvlngton Tral*>e: White Buck vs. Concord Boy;
Special- vs. May Hemustead; Idle Fellow vs.
Odd Kyes: King's Pride ve. Gramercy; Mel
rose vs. Little Lucy; Sirens vs. Chilimara;
Sempronlus" vs. Rural Artist: Imperious vs.
Rural Artist: Imperious vs. Little Mercy; Yu
kon vs. Lottie W; Articulate vs. Firm Fellow;
Rockefeller vs. Golden* Links; Flora Belle va.
Bella Lloyd: Piker vs. Reta S: Our Myra vs.
Terah; Pasha Pleasant vs. Doreen; Pasha
Queen vs. Ragtime; Tyrone Prince v». Aggie
W; Vma vs. Fine Gold: Flower of Kerry va.
Fanny Hughlc; Pure Gold vs. Med
dlesome; Redwood Lad vs. Pretty Face;
Adonis vs. Haddington; General De Wet vs.
Yellowtall; Royal Friend vs. Luxury; Rene
gade Apache vs. Harlean Gladys; Una vs. Or
sina: Little Plunger vs. Oulda; Golden Rule
vs. Thetis: Creswick vs. Half moon; Sir Pasha
vs." Marguerite; Beluga vs. Mountain Rose;
Sylvan vs.- Master Clair.
One hundred . and twelve greyhounds
will go to the slips at Ingleslde Coursing
Park to-morrow In an open stake. Several
representatives from the kennel of Dr. Q.
Van Hummel of Indianapolis will make
their first appearance here. The_draw
last night resulted as follows:
resented at* Ingle
side Park.
Dr. Van Hummel Is Rep-
• There was a foul in the sculling race
and It will be pulled ovfcr in the morn
ing. In this race De Brisay of Victoria
and Glass of Portland contested for the
Northwest championship and special re
gatta prize. '
.ASTORIA, Or.. Aug. 20.— The features
of the second day of the regatta were
land and water racing contests and a
Chinese parade. The Celestials created
a surprise when they turned out some
400 strong with a dragon 450 feet in
length. The dragon is a gaudy creation
of silk and. beads, and 120 gaudily dressed
Chinese carried It. It was preceded by a
band and all descriptions of Oriental flags
and designs. The races resulted as fol
lows:
Gasoline launch — Fox first,- Alexander -Jr.
second. T. Schmidt third.v^ ¦: j-
Senior four-oar harge — Aiameda won, South
End second. " - .,
Senior four-oar shell — Victoria first, Van
couver second, Portland third.
¦ Double ]>addle canoe — Vancouver first.
« "utters — CGncord Juniors ' flrst, Marblehead
' second. * ' .
Second race — Marblehead first. Concord
Seniors" second.
The Reliance team, under the manage
ment of "Pete" Smith, is expected to
prove a strong aggregation. Games will
be played with the college teams on alter,
nate Saturdays. All games except the
intercollegiate championship will be
played on the college fields.
Berkeley retains among others the
mighty Overall. She loses only Starr and
Sherman.
Berkeley will start the season^under
much more favorable . conditions than
will her rival, Stanford. The latter will
lose Fullback McGllvray and Halfback
Magee, on whom she depended, for most
of her kicking last year. Lee, the cap
tain and guard, and Clark, the end, will
also be missed when the team lines up
for action.
j The annual game between Stanford and"
Berkeley will be played on November 14
on the Richmond grounds. The tirst game
of the season will be played by Stanford
and-elther the University of the Pacific
or Santa Clara on, September 19. Stan
ford will play Nevada .October. 2-J. _Tb,e
University of Oregon will play Berkeley
on either October 31 or'NWerhb'er" 3," and
will play Stanford November 7: Nevada
will play Berkeley On the -same dale* • •
The football players and managers have
suddenly awakened to the fact that the
gridiron season ' Js approaching with
marked rapidity. A conference was held
in this city yesterday at which dates
were arranged for some of the Important
game?. E>. V. Cowden represented Stan
ford University, Ezra Decoto the Univer
sity of California and Dr. A. C. Steckle
the University of Nevada:-' ¦
First Game of Season
to Be Played Next •
% Montn. . .
EASTERN HOUNDS
IN OPEN STAKE
Huge Dragon a Feature
of the Gala Day
Celebration.
THE NEWLY CROWDED KING
OF THE PACING DIVI
SION.
CHINESE PARADE
ASTORIA STREETS
dicates the speed required to win big
races.
STAXdXO OS" THE CLCBS.
<P*dSc Coast Z^eaxne.) *¦
TT. L. Tct., W. L. Pet.
L*Acre:ea 90 *5 .642,r«iland.-. M 63 .4GJ
Paa Fran... 72 57 .559 FeatUe.r.. 53 CS .436
E*cr»=ie=t3 64 €Z .510IOaliland... M S2 .337
The ball tossers from Portland were
troubled xciih some -unknown ailment y»s
tertiaj" at Becreatlon Park. They seemed
unable- to do anything toward winning
out. It did not look like the same ball
jcaa that lined up to glv* battle to the
ratiTes on Wednesday. The home team
took a sudden braoe and won as they
]ik<?<J; score, San .Francisco 7, Portland L
lindson is the man who did most of the
pood work for the home team. He had
Portland UTider his wing from, the flrst
inr.Ing on. They were blanked till the
eighth, when Hoddio rave his flret pass
•sn«i slackened «p long enough to allow
Thielman to tear off a double, which
moored Shea with the oniy tally for the
northern sluggers.*
Thlelman was comparatively ea.°y for
Vncle's men. They began to get familiar
with the kind he had In the opening
round and managed to keep up a steady
bombardment rljrht along till .the pa me
V25 at an end. Every man on the home
lvam had his eyes on the ball and most
of the hits came when they were needed
to Fcore runs.
Henry Kxug made the only circus catch
of the game in the seventh inning, and it
shut off a run. Francis had singled and
there were two out. Hollingsworth hit
the ball on a direct line to center field
and far above Krug's head. He managed
'.o pet near the sphere after a hard run
rnd Ptabbed it with one hand Just as It
was about to disappear in the distance
and become a three-base hit.
The home team fielded perfectly, not
the slightest sign of an error being com
mitted. Portland piled up two errors.
Both were instrumental in letting In runs.
The score:
Pan F^rancisco— ! Portland —
AB. R, H. P.A.! AB. E. H. P.A.
Ffcay, e. . 4 O' 2 1 2,Hrlbt.rf. 4 o O O O
Meany.rf 2 110 O.V'Ern.lb 4 O 0 14 <?
lrw!n,Sb 4 110 llNfieau.lf 4 0 13 0
]/eahy,c. 4 0 13 O|Andsn,2b 3 0 0 14
J'abst.lb. 4 0 0 IS llFrncisi.Sb 4 0 2 14
Krug.cf. 4 2 2 3 uiHlgwih.B 4 O O 1 O
Lynch. If. 4 1 2 4 « Ulake.cf. 3 O O 2 1
J^lms.'Jb 1 1 1 O 4 Tbea. c. 2 1 O 1 2
Hodsn.p. 2 1 © 1 i;Vhlmn,p. 3 O 1 1 2
Totals. 29 7 10 27 8; Totals.31 1 4 24 14
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Portland 0 O 0 O 0 0 0 1 0— 1
nose hits O 1 0«O O © 1 1 1— 4
Pan FVanclsco ..2 1 ©¦© 1 <?» O x — 7
Kdec hits .... 2 3 © o 1 « 4 © x— 10
SUMMARY. •
PVlen base — Delmas. Errors — Hurlburt,
Anderson. Two-base hits— Krug, Moar.y.
ThSrln-.aj>. Sacrifice hits— Meany. Delmc-s.
Viret base on error — San Franclpe© 1. First
bate on called baTls — Oft* Hodson, 1 : on* Thlel
tran. 3. Left on bases — Pan Francisco 3. Port
land ;>. Struck out — By Hodson, 1; by Thlel
rr.an, 1. Hit by pitcher — Anderson. Doubi?
] :ays— Anderson to Van Buren; Thlelman to
Francis; Elake to Fhea. Time of game — One
hour and fifteen minutes. Umpire— Levy.
M0SKIMA2J PROVES EASY.
Los Angeles Men Solve His Curves
Without Apparent Difficulty.
LOS A>*GELE5. Aug. 20 —Dr. Mosklman
•was easy tor the Seraphs this afternoon, while
Dr. ICeTrton was a mystery to Lohman'e bat
ters. The result was a victory for the locals.
Attenflanc«, 151K). Score:
R. H. E.
Oakland 0 000000 10 — 1 7 2
LcB Angeles 1 3 0 0 1 0 0 0 x— 5 11 0
Batteries — Moskiman and Lohman; Newton
end Hurlburt. Umpire — McDonal^
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 20. — The ten-lnnlng
parne played to-dav between the Sacramento
end Seattle teams contained almost every ele
ment of excitement that combine* to make the
national came attractive. There was hard
hitting, fast fielding, grosa errors, and Ftart-
Jing doubles. Fisher'* good luck won the
prame. Fitzgerald retired in the fourth and
J?rown twirled the rame out. Sample replaced
Drohan In the middle of the sixth. Score:
R. H. E.
Sacramento ....0 1 001 4000 3— 8 H 0
Seattle 2 0 2 0 0 1 0 0 1 1— 7 12 S
Batteries — Fitzgerald. Brown and Hogan;
Drohaa, 6a.iaple and Wilson. Umpire — O'Con-
SIXTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
two-year-old maidens; purse:
Betting. Hor«e Weight. Jockey. St. ?4 Fin.
12 to 1— Anlrad. 107 <H. Callahan)Vi 3 1 h
11 to 5 — reclamation. 110 (OJom). 3 12 3
7 to 1— Longspur, 110 «Shea) 0 7 3 h
Time, 1:10. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner fi Paget's b. L M- St. Gatlen-Darlena.
Dutiful lid. Bluish Tro, Clovls 110, Strike a
Light 110. also ran.
FIFTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles on
turf; three-year-clds and upward; selling:
netting. Horse Weight. Jockey. St. =i fl - n
16 to B — Past. 1:6 ( Dcsouza.) . .- 7 5 12
1O to 1 — Caithness, 10:{ Ulaark) 1 4 1! 1!
C to 1— Water Tower. 102 (Fuller) 4 2 3 3
Time. 1:34 1-0. Start good. Won handily.
Winner. G. Forbes" b. f. by Bathcirpton-By
eone. Klngraine 107. Foxy Kane 61, Carruli
D It*!, St. Sevrr 105, also ran.
FOI'RTH RACE — .Six furlongs; two-year
old?; the Albany handicap:
Betting. Horse Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to 1— Gold Paint, JOO (Michaels) 1112
12 to 1— Rob Roy, 100 (J. Martin). 5 2 2 h
7 to 1— Moharib. 116 (Bullman)... 8 8 3 h
Time 1:15 3-5. Start fair. Won handily.
Winner. J. P. Kraner's ch. c. py Golden
Garter-Santa Hlta. The Buck 100, For Luck
10U. Bobadll l!0. Yellow Hammer 108, Knub
hampton 111, Tn> p e 100, also ran.
THIRD RACE— One mile; three-year-olds
and upward: selling:
Betting. Horse Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
5 to J— Swt. Alice. 101 (McCafty) 5 112
C to 1— Glorlosa, 1OT. (Burn?) 1 2 2 ',4
3 to 1 — Birrhbroom, HK5 (Gannon)lO 4 3 5
Time 1 :44 1-5. Start poor. Aon rasily.
Winner, Pleas-anee Stable's ch. f. by Flying
Dutchman-Hermitage. Cinclnnatug 301, Dink
sie Itl. Gaviota 10C. Star and Garter 93, Hyland
101. Orloff 105. Caledo.nlte 01, also ran.
SECOND RACE— One and an eighth miles;
all ages; handicap:
Betting. Horse Weight, Jockey. St. *i Fin.
1 to 1— Clauile. 112 .J. Daly) 12 12
6 to 1 — Fauloonbridpe, 99 (Martn) 4 1 2 12
7 to 1 — Harding. 9» (Redfern). . . 3 5 3 h
Time 1 :53 4-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, J. Daly's b. c. by Llssak-Lldo H.
ColoTJjay 91, Ada Nay 114, Irascible 90, also
ran.
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; all ages; purse:
Betting. Horse Weight Jockey. St. % Fin.
:U) to 1— Futurita, 105 (Gannon)... 2 >2 13
10 to 1— Puke KendaL 110 (Odom). 4 4 2 n
2 to i — Cohurg. IIS (Bu'.pnan)... . 3 13 6
Time 1 :!«. Start good. Won ridden out.
Winner. J. K. Keenes b. f. by His Highness-
Butterflies. Leonora Lorlns 113, also ran.
The enly stake of the day was the Al
bany handicap for two-year-olds and was
really a sood betting race. Gold Saint,
who was heavily, backed when he started
here the other uay and who was tangled
up at the start on that occasion, was
again supported to-day and won all the
way.
. "WithEaulconhrldge setting a strong pace
in the second race, Claude's victory was
practically as=sure<L Ada Nay was asked
to concede seven pounds, which she was
unable to do. Canadian Harding was
third.
SARATOGA. X. T., Aug. 20.—Bookmak
ers were again jubilant at the close of
to-day's racing, only one favorite having
won. The longest shot of the day was
James It. Keene's Futurita, in the open
ins event. Thirty to one was quoted
against Keene's fllly. Sloppy going suited
Futurita to perfection.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
THIRD RACE — Six furlongs, purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1— Moyle. 105 (F. Smith) 11 o I 7
12 to 1— Wlinelmina, 1C5 (Scully),.. 5 2 23
5 to 1— Rejoice. 10:: (Watson) 8 4 ." h
Time. 1:15. Start poor. Won easily. Win
ner Oate Bros.' ch. c. by Ogden-Moya. An.
zelger 102. Ruralist 102. Sue's Sister HX>.
Wfclten 105. Sister Lillian 104. Scotch Snuff
100 Discord 1U2. Prlrtce Eugene 105, also ran.
SECOND RACE — Seven furlongs, selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 1 — Charles C. 1«> (HigKins)... 5 I 1 nk
15 to 1 — Eliza Cook. 107 (Scully)... 6 4 2 'j
6 to 1 — Reformer. 104 (Perkins)... 3 « o nk
Time l?2O^j. Start poor. Won drivir.ff.
¦Winner. W. S. Tobey & Co.'s ch. g. by Bolero-
Bettie Badger. Countess Cara 112. Sting 102.
Pay the Fiddler 104. Larouge 107, Lelia Barr
107. Fon Spray 10O. Henry of Fran.»tama«v lit).
Wortblngtcn 109. Landseer Xv&, Felton iW).
Anr.and 10U. also ran.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 2J.— Big fields in near
ly every race at Klnlcch Park to-day
delayed the starts and close finishes in
four of the events were the only things
"that relieved the monotony of the long
drawn out afternoon.
Little Scout, a heavily backed favorite,
won the feature event and the fourth on
the programme at a mile and a sixteenth
in handy fashion. Summaries;
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs, purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Joclcey. St. *» Fin.
20- to 1— Prince Roman. 102 tSayers) 5 5 1 h
5 to 1— Hlsuka. 10U (George) i 6 2 l a
20 to 1— HowarJ P. 104 (Sheehan>.. 4 1 U *a
Time. 1:1«> Start good. Won driving. V In
ner, J. J. Osles ch. K. by The Sailor Prince-
Portea. Winland 105. Leon De 102. Zulma H>...
Harplithe 105. Sl^nora Plerson 1»>5. Ultra
Vires 102. LMlie Long 100. Ruth L 1C5, Ara\cs
102. Lady Esher lUJ, also ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SIXTH RACE— One mile: purse.
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
1 to 4 — McGee. Ill (Helgesen) 3 111
7 to 1 — Lendln, 105 (H. Phillips). 13 2 4
12 to 1 — Ontonagon. 112 (Lanary).. 6 2 3 6
Time, 1:12. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. E. Corrigan's b. c. by White Knight-Re
morse. Fair Lady Anna 100. Prodigal 'Son
105 Jove 109, Avoid 107. Mauser 1C0. also ran.
FIFTH RACE — One and a half miles; sell
ing.
Bettlnp. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1— Lit. Elkln. 9J; (H.Phllllps). 4 0 1 s»A
3 to 1— Curate. 99 (Helgesen) S 8 2 3
9 tj> 1 — Compass. 101 (Knapp) 7 1 3 nk
Time, 2:33. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. J. Arthur's ch. g. by Lamplighter-Emma
Pickwick. Lou Woods 95. Larry Wilt 100. Port
Jarvls 100. Antolee 9C. The Ladaean 94, Fox
flyer 90, also ran. |
Time. 1:32 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, R. Respess" b. c. by King Eric-Tea"*
Over. Bondage 99, Glassful 93. also ran.
FOURTH RACE — One and an eighth miles;
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *; Fin.
1 to S— Dick Welles. 104 (S.Bnnr) 1 112
15 to 1— Post. Wright.94 (Phillips) 2 4 2 h
20 to 1— Flocarllne, 00 (Helgesen). 4 & 3 nk
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; Midsummer
stakes. »
Betting. Horse. WeighfT Jockey. St. % Fin.
0 to 2 — Aggie Lewis, 10O (Helgesen) 3 5 1 nk
G to 1 — Buccaneer. 107 (Williams) 7 8 2 nk
6 to 1— Sweetie. 98 (Adklns) 8 8 3 nk
Time, 1:14 2-5. Start good. Won in furious
drive. Winner. S. S. Brown's b. f. by Pirate
of Penzance-Clcely. Elwood 106, Toon 103.
Outwal 100, Patsy Brown 95, Glisten U5. Susie
Christian 100, Chockayotte 100, also ran.
SECOND RACE— Seven furlongs: purse.
Betting. Horse, Weight. Joclcey. St. % Fin.
5 to 1— Vestry, 104 (Wilson) 8 4 1 nk
8 to 1— Fath. Wentkr, 104 (H.Phlp) 8 1 2 >j
2 to l-£olonnade. 113 (Knight)... 4 2 3 nk
Time, 1 :27 2-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, E. S. Gardner' »~ ch. f. by Mosetto-
Venice. Dr. Stephens 118, St. Tammany 106.
Federal 11C, First Chip 105. Semper Vivum
110, The Forum 104. also ran.
Time. 1:13 3-5. Start fair. Won easily.
Winner, S. W. Street & Co.' a b. f. by Kingston-
Rhodesia. Pompino 104, Charlie Granger lc>7.
Dodie S 97, llarineuse 102. Dutch Carter ttO,
Pcmpey Oil, Aline Abbott loS. Schwarzwald VJ,
FJeuron 11L First Past 107, also ran.
To Helgesen, on Aggie Lewis. i3 due
much credit for the filly's victory, as
he fairly lifted his mount under the wire
first. Every horse in the race was well
played, but the most money, went In on
Aggie Lewis. Dick Welles easily won the
fourth race, a purse affair at a mile and
an eighth. As usual he jumped into the
lead at the start and was never headed.
Weather clear, track fast. Attendance
good. Summaries:
FIRST RACE— Six furlonss; selllne.
Betting- Hprse. Weight. Jockey. St. ?i Fin.
4 to 6— Deldgoa, »T (Wilson)...... 6 113
7 to 1 — Automaton, 107 (Otis)..... S 3 2 3S
7 to 2— Hindus. 10* (Helgesen) 4 2 3 3
CHICAGO. Aug. 20.— In the most sen
sational finish seen on .the local tracks
this year Aggie Lewis, 6 to 2 in the bet
ting, won the Midsummer stakes at Haw
thorne to-day by a nose from Buccaneer,
who was a nose In front of Sweetie and
the latter the 'same distance ahead of
El wood. ,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Native Players Hit Sphere
Hard and Field With
out an Error.
In Fourth Race Dick Welles
Jumps Into Lead and Is
Never Headed.
Close Finishes in Fous of
the Events Excite
Interest.
FOOTBALL MEN
ARE IN PRACTICE
It Is evident he has not reached the
limit of his speed and a lower mark will
undoubtedly be placed to his credit. He
is easily the star of the pacing division.
Eight of these harness horses have done
2:02 or better. ; A dozen trotters on the
grand circuit have beaten 2:07, which in-
down the srand circuit. This is
attributed partly to the efforts of the
wealthy amateur relnsmen, such as C.
K. G. Billings. H. K.. Devereaux, E. E.
Smatljers and others, and partly to the
Interest created by the remarkable per
formances of Lou Dillon, the California
trotting mare, and of Dan Patch.
The latter fcfvthe central figure in the
horse world, with his pacing record of
1:59. This clips one quarter of a second
from the world's record, which was held
by Star Pointer for six years. The new
harness king changed owners last year
for a consideration of $00,000.
Dan Patch's great performance on
Wednesday rights an injustice done him
by the racing authorities. Some time
since he tied Star Pointer's record of
1:59*4. but under a technicality his name
was not bracketed vrith that of the other
"side wheeler." It seems his trial was
announced as an attempt to beat the rec
ord. As he only tied It the figure's were
'not allowed. At the time the action of
the officials was roundly criticized.
HARNESS racing Is booming in
the East, the sport attracting
thousands of spectators at
Brighton Beach and other tracks
Gold Saint Takes the Albany
Handicap in Gooi.
Style.
Allows Portland One
Run and Five Lone
ly Base Hits.
Bookmakers Have a Day
of Rejoicing at Sara-
Aggie Lewis First Under
Wire in Sensational
Finish.
Heavily Backed Favorite
Lands at Kinloch
Park.
HDDSON PUZZLES
NORTHERN TEAM
FAVORITES FAIL
IN THE RACES
WINS BY A NOSE
FROM BUCCANEER
LITTLE SCOUT
A GOOD WINNER
THE SAN FRA3S CISCO- CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 21, 3903.
SPORTS OF THE TRACK, THE DIAMOND AND THE FOOTBALL FIELD
Missionary Work of the Amateur- Reinsmen and the Record Break
ing Performances of Dan Patch and Lou Dillon Revive the
Glories of the Pacers/and Trotters Which Languished for Years
LIGHT HARNESS RACING IS BOOMING
THROUGHOUT THE GRAND CIRCUIT
8
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I MILWAUKEE. |
In the hot "old summer time" H
the utmost care should be ex- g
ercised in the selection of bev- §j
erages^ — that's for health! »j
Honest barley-malt and hops, jg
cleanliness, agvig and methods m
peculiarly original and scientifi- 1
cally perfected, are the composite |
factors in the brewing of Blatz — |
the logical summer beverage. *'-
Always the same good, old Blatz.
IYALBl4TZBHE¥I!iGC0. ) BlWAroEE i
Braunschweiger & Go., me
5 and 7 DXUMAf ST., Sen Francisco. I
T«l. Mala 1646. JVVholesale Dealer*. S
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mallei
en Application.
yXESH A.STO SATiT 2SEATS.
JAS RfiYFS H C(i Shipplns Butcher*. 104
JAJ. DUIC3 0 tV. gay. TeL Main 1204.
ores.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD * KT.T.I3.
... 41S Front «t. 8. F. Phono Main 1713.
aCBUOBES, •: ;.W,ffifSaiwSANTA ROSA. Aug. 20. — A warrant was
Issued here to-day for the arrest of R. A.
Bird, walking delegate for the Santa Rosa
Labor Council, upon a charge of embezzlement.
He is alleged to have collected various In
itiation tees, etc.. and failed to turn the money
In. Bird's whereabouts are unknown.
Dr. Ostwald was entertained at a din
ner In his honor last evening at the home
of Dr. M. Herzsteln In San Francisco.
He was the guest of President and Mrs.
Wheeler at luncheon to-day, when Mr.
and Mrs. Rudolph Spreckels, Professor
and Mrs. Loeb, Dr. Herzsteln, John Galen*
Howard, Regent and Mrs. A. W. Foster.
Regent and Mrs. Charles S. Wheeler.
President David Starr Jordan and Mrs.
Hearst were the Invited* guests. Mr. and
Mrs. Spreckels were unable to be present
at either luncheon or dedication on ac
count of illness in their family.
The Leeb laboratory is the gift of Ru
dolph Spreckels. who subscribed $23,000 for
the purpose, besides a large part of the
equlpment. Dr. Herzsteln also assisted in
equipping the laboratory and Mrs. W. H.
Crocker gave the library. • An anonymous
friend of the university provided the
means for paying Dr. Loeb'a salary.
The many friends of Murray Laidlaw,
ex-LJbrary Trustee and candidate for the
office of Cltjr Treasurer at the last elec
tion, will be much surprised to learn
that he was very Quietly married last
night to Mrs. Carrie Cleveland-Akerley,
daughter of L. C. ClevelAid of 11SS East
Nineteenth street. East Oakland. The
ceremony was performed at 8 o'clock at
the home of Rev. Thomas Baldwin, for
merly pastor of the First Baptist Church
of Alameda, who now resides In East
Oakland.
• No one except the members of the two
families was Informed when or where the
wedding was to take place, and after the
ceremony the newly married pair moved
Into their new home at 1173 East Twenty
first street, which had been furnished In
.-anticipation of the event.
Murray Laidlaw is a member of an old
and well known Oakland family. His
brother, Frank Laidlaw. resides at 730
Sixth street, which was also the resi
dence of the groom up to the time of his
marriage. The third Drother. the late
Alexander Laidlaw, was formerly a Judge
of the Police Court In this city an dwaa
afterward a candidate for Superior Judge
of San Francisco.
than spores. If, on the other hand, living
germs are as old as cosmic matter the trans
portation of germs from star to star is only
Imaginable If the germs were extremely small
and consequently simple in structure. In either
case It Is necessary to assume that the present
fauna and flora of the earth must have devel
oped from structures of no higher degree of dif
ferentiattlon than, for example, spores.
Before closing, allow me to make one addi
tional remark. It is quite common to find that
even scientists are Inclined to assume that tha
restrictions or limitations to research In bi
ology are greater than, or of a different order
from, those in the field, df physics or chemistry.
This Is not true as long as we treat biological
problems* In the same unbiased and unpreju
diced way In which we deal with the problems
of physics and chemistry. The alchemists tried
to solve the problem of perpetual motion and
of making gold. No one would say. however,
that the physicist or chemist Is limited In hta
search for truth because perpetual motion ta
Impossible and the chemical elements are con
stant. On the contrary. It Is fully recognized
that the discovery of such constants as th»
quantity of energy of a system or the chemical
elements were the most fertile discoveries ever,
made, and. In fact, are among the pillars oa
which not only modern phystcs. chemistry and
biology, but. Indirectly, our whole modern civ
ilization, rests. Why should we> change our
attltudo when we leave the field of biology,
and why should we consider It a restriction or
limitation of knowledge If It should turn out—
which Is far from certain, however — that it Is
no more Impossible to transform dead matter
Into living matter than to transform copper
Into gold?
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1113 Broadway, Aug. 20.
Murray Laidlaw Finally
Enters the List of
Benedicts.
It is very essential for our 'problem how
erer, that we clearly understand that biology
Involves all of the preceding sciences, from
the theory of manifolds to chemistry; that Is,
all biological phenomena are subject to th»
laws of these sciences. In exactly the «am«
way all chemical phenomena are subject to
the laws of mathematics and of pi ysics, ana
Indeed sn such a way that no chemical law
will, if It Is correct/contradict ar.y law of
physics or of mathematics. But the laws of
mathematics and of physics do not by any
means exhaust all that can be tald about
chemical phenomena, and the qualitative dif
ferences of substances, which form the sub
ject matter of chemistry, cannot be sufficiently
nor completely worked out by the Implement*
of those sciences. The cause lies In the fact
that In chemistry we have to do with a richer
manlfoldness than In the preceding sciences.
Whether we charge a sphere of gold or an
equally large sphere of carbon to one hundred
volts makes no difference so lon« as we are
considering only the physical. 1. e., here- the
electrical phenomenon. But whethar we burn
a sphere of sulphur or an equally large spneTe
of carbon, makes, chemically considered an
Irreconcilable difference. Thus also tne chem
ical composition of a living man Is not dif
ferent from that of a dead one, while, bio
logically considered, the difference is a great
one, since the first can nourish Itself and
propagate Its kind, while the second cannot.
Here you may perhaps find some objections,
but I scarcely believe that you will be able
to change matters much. At the moat It might
be necessary to our definition of life to be
somewhat more exact.
From what has been said there fellows di
rectly the answer to the much discussed ques
tion as to whether the laws of chemistry and
physics are sufficient to explain all biological
phenomena. In one sense the answer must
be yes. In another sense no. ~X°% In so far
as all biological phenomena lie within the
realm at possibilities given by those sciences.
No in so far as within this realm undoubtedly
a greater manifoldnesg will be given than can
be completely represented by physics and
chemistry.
Perhaps it will make matters clearer If we
look Into the analogous relationship that ex
ists between mathematics and physics. Most
certainly all physical phenomena are to be
classified under the concept of quantity, and
to this extent physics may be considered as
a part of mathematics. But Just a» certainly
classification Is to that extent arbitrary, that
one can introduce numerous intermediate steps
between those already given, and by this means
take account of smaller differences. Thus
sociology and Anthropology majt be Introduced
between biology and psychology, while physical
chemistry would He between physics and chem
istry. But I do not need to go further Into
this matter. Of greater Importance, perhaps,
would be the Introduction between mathematics
and geometry, tl the science of chronology,
or the laws of time (not to be confounded
with historical, geological • or astionomical
time), still, these considerations would carry
us too far.
TAKES A BRIDE
UNEXPECTEDLY
BIOLOGICAL INSTITUTE DED
ICATED YESTERDAY AND
SOME WHO PARTICIPATED.
sion of the ttruggle of which these days are
full. Everywhere the individual sciences are
seeking to find their rolnts of contact with one
nnother; everywhere the Investigator examines
his own special results, to see what bearing
they muy have on the most general questions:
In short, all sciences are beginning to phil
osophize. Nowhere Is the ftruggle toward
fundamental explanation so great as In biology.
A glance Into biological literature shows us at
once with what a vast deal of earnestness and
energy tho biologists are struggling to throw
light upon thefundamentatl principles of their
science. • I
When one flUempts a eeneral classification
of the sciences one cornea soon to the I result
that they do' not exist alonuslde cf one an
'otlwr. but rather that they include one an
other, and in a remarkably reciprocal manner,
which allows of a somewhat Imperfect geo
metrical representation^ Human experience Is
the direct object of all sciences. Every experi
ence Is composed of an unlimited number of
components; of these components only a few
arc taken Into consideration, according to the
specific purpose; all others are left out of con
sideration. Thus a given science includes -the
more experiences the smaller the number of
components considered: and It includes con
versely the more components the narrower the
choice of experiences. Thus that science which,
from the one point of view Is the broadest,
is from the other point of view the narrowest,
and conversely. In order to give you at least
an approximate conception of these relations
I wish to call your attention to this sketch. In
which the number of experiences Is represented
horizontally and the number ' ot components
vertically. Thus you can see that the theory
of .manifolds Is the most inclusive and nar
rowest'of sciences, because It Includes all ex
periences but considers these experiences from
only one side, namely, that each Is a dlstin-
Kulshpble object: on the other hand, psychology
is the narrowest and most Inclusive Science,
because It deals only with phenomena which
have to uo with the human brain (or U one
prefers, the human soul), but takes into con
slderat on all possible components.
Thus If we start with the theory of man
ifolds, arranging • the sciences In a regular
series we see that each science in the series
Involves the preceding. . but reaches - beyond
this In - that it deals with new components
with which the preceding science had nothing
to do Ils scope Is thereby male narrower
a B it has to do only with experiences which
possess the new components. Thus mathe
matics has to do with the theory of manifolds,
but only with such manifolds as possess quan
tity Geometry has to do with manifolds, but
only with such as . possess f the properties of
space. Physics treats of special objects, ; but
only in so far as the different forms of energy
are active upon them, while chemistry has to
do with physical objects, ¦ which ire distin
guished from one another by qualitative dif
ferences, apart from those due to , the pres
ence of any other forms of energy. In this
system biology Is that ? science whl:h has to
do ' with such chemical .objects as show a
stationary - condition of .- energy,' that Is, * such
as show, the phenomena of ' nourishment -and
of propagation.' Psychology, finally, has' to
do with life processes, only In so far as they
exhibit spiritual functions, from which it is
easy to see that the . Intellectual ' processes * of
manktnd -are almost: the only things concern-
Ing ¦: which • we possess ¦¦• moderately *, certain
knowledge. \. : '
' It ' is ' probably- needless to say that . this
One of the most influential components of
these movements is at the present time espe
cially easy of recognition. We have Just passed
through , a" period of specialization, ¦ in which
all science has been most strictly divided into
Its separate fields, and are now entering an
epoch where the; synthetic factors are acquir
ing ! a greater and greater • significance. : Con
sider for a moment. ladies and gentlemen, what
you ¦ see to-day. In '•• the lecture room of a
biological Institute there speaks to you on this
Important occasion a man, who Is not only no
biologist, but who. on the other hand, was ex
pressly Invited because he Is known as the rep
resentative'of a sister science. And this man
li again the product of the | synthesis of > two
other related ' sciences, ¦ physicB and chemistry.,
And furthermore, when this man seeks to
gather for you the best that his garden offers,'
he brings you no word of physics nor of chem
istry, but rather thoughts whose subject is the
triad — physics, > chemistry ; and biology— and
whose object Is a group of proolems «,hich in
clude these and: many 'other sciences.'- This is
no accidental matter, but the genuine, expres-
DIVISION INTO FIELDS.
Science is an organism that steadily strug
gles for self-preservation and development.
Therefore it is provided with organs for self
.regulatlon, by means of which the useful is
furthered and the harmful suppressed. Now
such organs can only come Into action after
thet<e processes which are to be regulated
are themselves In action. Thus each retrulator
cannot, under any condition, act without a
certain lag. From this It follows that science,
like any other self-regulating apparatus, must
oscillate about an average condition. This av
erage condition Is not necessarily unchangeable
with the time; on the other hand. It is in our
case In a state of uninterrupted progress, be
cause science may only Increase — it can never
diminish. Further we have several sources of
energy, each with Its own regulating appar
atus: therefore we have to do with a num
ber of superimposed periods which ' will give
js a rather complex picture, and occasionally
for example, by. the addition of several max
ima or minima, which are in themselves small
a very large elevation or depression may bo
produced.
Here, also, we arp, to a certain extent, Im
pressed with the superiority of science, for,
while we do not doubt that such scientific
results as were cited above will last so long
us ciiUuro itself lasts, we hestitate to utter
the game Judgment upon tho artistic produc
tions. We cannot denjf that there are traces
of age in Aeschylus, 11 e., passages which
most certainly do not produce the Fame effect
upon ur as they most certainly did upon the
people of Aeschylus' own times. And it is
likewise j>oselble for us to think of times when
the 'ninth symphony will no longer be able
to produce nny greater effect than Is now pro
duced by a symphony of Haydn's.
This points to the possibility that art Itself
ls> destined to become gradually absorbed by
Fclence. I am willing to believe that this
point of view will find very active, and even
angry denial. I ivl*h to nay, therefore, that
personally 1 have to thank art for many ele
vated and beautiful hours; poetry, muKto and
painting have refreshed me and given me
now courage when, ' exhausted by scientific
work, I have been forced to lay my tools aside.
Hut I cannot but feel that this In a sign of
imperfection, and not so much of the lnipor
fectlon of science na of my own self. For
pclence, in the i?enpe In which I speak of it
to-day, exists only - in Its beginning*, and the
human organism has not progressed far in its
adaptation to it. Thus all of us suffer more
or lesB from atavistic tendencies, which find
their clearest expression in our perpetual com
plaining about the uninterrupted growth of
science In scope and in complexity. Thus we;
and likewise our children and grandchildren,
will MM enjoy many beautiful and grand
hours under the Influence of art, for there
will always be fields of human experience
into which science has hot yet penetrated,
nnd In which art will rule without any lim
itations. But it Is likely that to a future race,
¦which has sained control of the science of
psychology, many a treasured psychological
drama of the day will appear as naive and In
sufficient as the first attempts of a four-year
old child at picture making.
ART IS CHANGEABLE.
But when we have once learned to look upon
science as that which controls our whole life,
then we know of nothing more powerful nor
more worthy of reverence.
Another problem of transformation faces tho
modern biologist, namely, that of transforming
one species Into another. If living organisms
have arisen ' from : dsad matter the first forms
of living matter must : have been simple In
structure, and perhaps not more complicated
CHANGING. OF SPECIES.
One of the fundamental problems of biology
Is to find a definite answer to the question
whether or not It Is possible to make living
matter out of dead matter. No one
has thus far succeeded In trans
forming dead matter Into living matter,
and no one has thus far observed the spon
taneous generation of .an organism In nature.
In consequence of this fact Arrhenius assumes
that living matter has eternally existed, and
has been carried through the universe from
star to star in the shape of extremely minute
particles, such as spores at or below the limit
of microscopic visibility.. lie has calculated
that electrical charges of these particles ami
radiation pressure suffice to bring about a
transmission of living particles from one star
to another in & comparatively short time. On
the other hand, however, we are warned by a
number of -reasons not to be too hasty in as
suming the impossibility of ablogenesls. As
far as we know, the substances found In liv
ing organisms are chemically well character
ized ' and can be obtained outside of living
organisms. Moreover, the growth of an animal
or plant from a microscopic germ to Its adult
state depends upon a constant transformation
of 'dead matter into livlnz matter. Did this
transformation not occur contantly. In all liv
ing beings no living organism would be left
to-day. As far as the dynamics of this trans
formation of dead matter Into living matter In
side of an organism Is concerned we know that
no other specific agencies are evolved than
enzymes. The action of enzymes, however,
does not seem to differ in any way from the
action of Inorganic catalytic agencies. I do
not think It too bold to prophesy that the gen'
eral physio-chemical character of these en
zymes will sooner or later be cleared up. A»
regards the oxidizing enzymes the goal seems
• be already in sight.
Dr. Loeb, who was then introduced, said
that the dedication of a new laboratory
intended for scientific research Is an event
In which everybody, may rejoice and
which no one need regret. The presence
of Dr. Ostwald, he said, was the great
est distinction which could be bestowed
upon the university by the scientific
world. It is being recognized that the
economic, hygienic and Intellectual pro
gress of a nation depends directly upon
the results of scientific research. Ameri
can universities are just taking their tirst
steps toward giving research that place
which it has occupied for several gen
erations in European and especially Ger
man universities. If one of the leaders
of scientific thought Is willing to leave
his work to participate in the Inaugura
tion of a laboratory on the Pacific Coast
we may be sure that the new departure
of American universities has won for this
country the sympathy of European na
tions. Continuing, he said in part:
DR. LOEB SPEAKS.
is It Impossible completely to represent a phy
sical phenomenon with the aid of rnathematic3
alone. We can, for- example, mathematically
represent tho phenomena that are connected
with the conduction of an electric current
with that degree of accuracy which is at
tainable by the present methods of analysis.
But we cannot mathematically represent the
difference between this process scaA the con
duction of heat through the same body, for
here there are found new. sorts of manifold
ness which are not treated In mathematics,
but first receive attention Irl physics.
Since now the mechanists and the Yitallsts
look at the matter from opposite sides, we
have the remarkable phenomenon that In both
camps prominent and thoughtful inveytisitors
maintain apparently contradictory points of
view, 'while it Is Impossible that there be more
than one truth. And we know the members
of both camps to be earnest and upright
seekers after truth.
Asslstant Manager Brown said the
steamers had been insured against flre,
and that It was not customary;- so far as
he knew, for the Insurance. companies to
send agents to watch insured property
TVhere the owners had taken all. proper
precautions for . protection.
Hers we have to do truly with a science of
sciences Special questions of mathematics
and of chemistry have no place here Rather
shall we have to do with the question as to
how each individual science develops irre
spective of its contents. Such a science as this
•scarcely exists at the present time. There
have, it is true, appeared several valuable
tireuaratory studies alone this line. On the
other hand the special histories of the various
individual sciences" have been very thoroughly
and comprehensively Investigated, and the
definition of concepts in the philosophy of to
dav comes very near to his problem, fatill one
mis*e« the discussion of the historical develop
ment for the most part in this part of phi-
present I em not prepared to theorize upon
the possibilities of the matter. Our people fall
to understand what prompted the visit. VVe
are however, not taking any chances and will
fully protect the boats from any possibility of
harm I will not say that the men went there
to do damage, or Injure the boats in any way.
but in view of the lack of satisfactory expla
nation we ehall maintain a heavily armed pa
trol on the property, -
NECESSITY FOB SCIENCE.
Harmon Gymnasium was crowded with
students and guests, all eager to partici
pate in an epoch-making event and to
pay homage to two famous men—Profes
sors Ostwald and Loeb. The distinguished
guests were cheered and cheered again
and fairly bewildered with the college va
riety of yells. With a wave of his hand
President Wheeler at last silenced the
cries and introduced Professor Ostwald
in a brief syeoch.
Professor Optwald is the typical Ger
man university man. He is not tall, but
broad, and he givts the imprepsion that
he is a great worker, as, indeed, he is.
His marvelous di?coveries in the field of
physical chemistry have mada him world
famous and he is accounted the greatest
chemist. He is a graduate of the Univer
sity of Dorpat, Russia, where he acted as
instructor until 1£>37, when he was called
to Leipzig. His address to-day was spo
ken In German, in which he Bald in part:
The event which we celebrate to-day Is like
'the launching of a beautiful ship. The keel
hasi l^en laid with great care, slender and
powerful the hull in made, and engines and
propeller are of the newest and best cdnatruc
tlcn. Above all we know that the captain is
a man wh-> undfretanda how surely and fear
lessly to fte<-r the ship over the high seas of
science, for we all know of the wonderful Jour
neys that he has already made and of the
fairy-like treasures which he has thereby won.
So we may not only wish our proud ship a
favorable and successful journey, but we may
predict it with all the certainty that la pos
sible in human affairs. Only one question Is
unanswered: What will the weather be?
A scientific Journey of to-day Is much like
a Journey of geographical discovery of five
hundred years ago; unknown land lies all
around us and we will make new discoveries In
whatever direction we may overstep the boun
daries of the unknown.
Professor Ostwald, Mrs. Phebe Hearst,
Presidents "Wheeler and Jordan and Pro
fessor Loeb brought up the rear of the
procession. At Harmon Gymnasium,
•where the exercises were held, the pro
cession separated into two files and, open
ing ranks and facing Inward, the several
groups marched upon, the stage, the or
der of the procession being reversed.
WAEMLY RECEIVED.
The exercises began with a procession,
which formed in front of the library
building just before 3 o'clock. The mem
bers of the faculties In full academic re
galia, and the University Cadet officers
In full uniform made an imposing specta
cle. These moved in double file, with the
graduate assistants leading, followed by
instructors, professors, alumni officers,
regents and guests, all marshaled by Pro
fessor Frank Soule. *
of the University of California.
The dedicatory address was delivered
by Professor Wllhelm Ostwald of
Leipzig, the greatest of all living cnem
lsts, who came half-way around the world
for this very purpose. Professor Jacques
Loeb, his former pupil and intimate
friend, and at whose solicitation he came
to California, spoke, too, his words deal
ing with the significance of the laboratory
that bears his name.
BERKELEY. Auff. 20.— With ap
propriate ceremonies the new
Loeb Physiological Laboratory
was to-day dedicated to the
cause of science and the uses
The fact that we do not as yet recognlxe
thia irresistible power of science as a subject
of doily- thought and experience is the reason
why the. feeling of reverence does not arise in
us . with such strength . when ; we . think at
pclence as it " does when we think of thXie
things whose ' greatness and strength we have
been accustomed to honor from our youth uj>.
Many cf my friend?, and particularly those
whom I especially esteem, have made a most
strenuous objection to this point Of view, when
we have discussed these matters, from which
I hold that it Is probable that this objection
has occurred to you. We are accustomed to
eonnect sensations with those, things which we
have dlscufcsed, to which we ascribe a great
value and which we permit to exert a great
influence upon up. We Took at the moral an'i
political lawa with a different feeling from
that with which we look at the laws of physics
cr of chemistry, with a feeling which we call
reverence. And then there Is another great
flclci that seems to be entirely withdrawn from
the influence of science, and which neverthe
less exerts a «?reat and valuable Influence on
our lives, namely, the field of art. | Here also
there are more or less stirring sensations which
move us, antl lead us to believe that art is
something which carries us beyond our com
mon nature and our ordinary condition. This
sensation of the beautiful, the great, the strong,
the eternal, we do not wirh to destroy or to
diminish, and therefore those who see tho
value and charm of life In these things pro
test violently * against their absorption by
science, ascribing to science sobriety and cold
ness, the exact opposltes of those sensations*.
.Von 1 , In such an audience as this, where
each of us in some way or other has dedicated
the better part of his life to science, I' do not
need to speak of so elementary a thing as the
fact that science certainly demands soberness
and coldness from its children. In so far as
matters of criticism are concerned, 1. e., | In so
far as the proving of their work is concerned,
to determine whether it ls/eound and trust
worthy or not. But none trie less, science de*
rnands of us reverence; reverence before that
which Is the most enduring things that we
know; reverence before, truth. This results
from the fact that there Is no running- away
from the truth. No matter how hidden an
error may be; no matter how well it may be
disguised in the clothing of truth; we all know
that It will nevertheless be discovered . and
driven forth, that the Inner life of science
knowa how to put to rout all such foreign
enemies with Irresistible power. .And indeed
this process takes place the more rapidly and
energetically, the more free the communica
tion between the true and the false members
of the organism, because in this way the un
bearable character of the false is sooner real
ised. Only such errors • can maintain them
selt'es in the scientific organism for consid
erable periods as exist in Isolated portions of
the organism, like an enclosed foreign body
and have only a mechanical relationship to the
other portions of science. Therefore there Is
no better way to test the truth of a scientific
concept ' than, to bring It Into connection' with
as many parts of science as possible. We shall
have occasion to discuss this matter more thor
oughly later. . • • ,
VALUE OF ART.
Possibly the objection will be made here
that we are accustomed to look upon the law
makers and political organizers, and not upon
discoverers and lnventcra, as the leaders of
mankind, and it will be well to bring this ap
parent contradiction into order at this point.
We indicate both the regularities of natural
processes and arDltrarlly influenced action of
mankind with one and the same word, name
ly, "law." The truly great thing which the
moral and political law-makers have done lies
in the fact that they have brought ce.rta.ln
fields of human action to the possibility of
prediction. Since they did not know the In
ternal causes of these action?, It was neces
sary to give the external rules, or law*, in
the juristic fcense. These may agree more cr
less with the psychological and biological laws
which are applicable to the phenomena In
question. The closer this agreement, the more
permanent have been these laws, and the
greater and more influential have these law
makers been. Thus every political and moral
organization 1b iubject to biological condi
tions, and at the same time those fields are
tnewn to be euch as are destined to fall un
der the irresistible conquest of science.
If we ack ourselves what Is the most general
process which has been operative in historical
times well known to us and is still operative
we recognize the fact that this procees is the
conquest of all intellectual fields by science.
When we picture to ourselves the most primi
tive conditions in the development of man
kind we eee that without doubt that that in
dividual and that people that best foresaw the
conditions of the future in the end has always
been victorious in the struggle for existence,
for it kn»w beet how to influence conditions.
There are indeed conditions in which* the fist
fight, I. e., physical strength, seems to decide
the pojnt. But even here we see skill, that is
the intellectual or scientific factor, cdunterbal
ance a very considerable portion of mere brute
strength, and this portion Increases as devel
opment progrecses. The greatest leaders of
humankind have always been those who most
clearly foresaw the future.
losophy ¦ as well as of the common factors in
the individual sciences. But from both sides
one can see the undoubted tendency toward the
development of Just this field of knowledge,
and we may expect to see in the near future
the development of a "biology of science." ¦
In reality. we have here to do with a true
biolijglcal problem. A rock or a comet has no
need of science, because, in so far as we are
capable of judging, their existence has no
meaning to them. But we, who not only wish
to maintuirj our position, but also to better it,
need science in order to do this, for in order
tu attain to anything we must know our con
dltiunB of existence, and in order to improve
anything we must know the possibilities of in
fluencing these conditions. The broadest and
surest knowledge that we have of these things
is that which we call science.
Masterly Addresses Are Delivered by
Professor Ostwald and the
Eminent Biologist.
Oal^and Office San Francisco Call,
1HS Broadway, Aag. 20.
The Sin Francisco, Oakland and San
Jose Railroad Company's new ferry-boats,
Yerba Bucna and San Jose, lying at the
United Engineering: Company's "Works on
the eouth side cf Oakland harbor, east of
Alice-6tr«:t drawbridge, have been put
under the protection of an armed posse of
men, carrying buckshot-loaded shotguna,
and under strictest orders to permit no
unauthorized person to approach tho big
yellow painted vessels. Too OTvners of the
steamers, combined with the management
of the works, have drawn a deadline
fcbout the property and the craft, and the
demonstration of force will be continued
until the vessels are ready to go Into ser
vice.
Ail of these preparations for defense
_ar.d protection result from the mysterious
and unexplained attempts of two m&i to
board the vessels in. the guise of insur
ance company representatives.
The first effort was made last Saturday
•night, when the pair of visitors went to
:he ferry-boats and demandd that they
'be allowed to go aboard the boats and re
main there as employes of a marine in
surance company. The two watchmen
employed by the terry company refused
to allow the strangers admission to either
the Yerba Buena or the San Jose. The
uninvited callers were told that If they
had proper credentials they could board
the boats, but not otherwise. The callers
persisted until word was sent to W. F.
Kelly, general manager of the Oakland
Transit Consolidated, and also to Man
ager Christy of the United Engineering
Works.
STBANGEBS ARE EJECTED.
Manager Kelly went to the pier and
demanded to know who the visitors were
and whom they represented. The replies
were bo unsatisfactory that Manager
Christy of the shipbuilding company was
called upen, with the idea that he might
be able to solve the mystery. But Christy
could not throw any light on the situ
ation. He isuod orders that the visitors
must leave the premises. The works'
watchmen carried out instructions by
ejecting the unwelcome intruders and
warning them that they would be filled
full of lead if they attempted to come on
the property again.
As soon as he returned from the steam
rrs to his office. Manager Kelly ordered
shotjruns and ammunition sent to the
boats, and the guards were Instructed to
ktep constant watch day and night. On
the lar.d side the watchmen at the works
at Dickie's shipyards, adjoining, and
those on the steam schooner Brunswick,
lying next to the new ferry steamers,
wt re also instructed to keep a sharp look
out.
Matters remained in that condition un
til Tuesday, when the two men returned ,
to the steamer and a sain dpmanded to be
allowed to board.' Under instructions from
Kelly and Christy, they were driven off
at the point of shotguns, the persuasive I
exhibition af the loaded weapons proving
sufficiently strong to accomplish the pur
pose.
AJEtMED MEN ON GUARD.
Since then the armed patrol at the fer
ry-boats nnd in the- vicinity of their place
of docking has bf-cn maintained. The of
ticials of the Oakland Transit Consoli
dated declare they are absolutely in the
dark for an explanation of the strange
action of the mysterious visitors. Inves
tigation has bf-cn started by the company
to solve the^mattc-r and to determine if
possible what was the real motive of the
visit. The company'? officers profess ig
norance of any move by Insurance com
j anfes to plaop puards on the boats. They
;irv- not satisfied yet that the purported
credentials shown by the men are regu
lar, because thiy do not understand why
the insurance ppoplo should not l.ave
st-nt directly to the company's offices if
they desired to put watchmen on the
boat* or wanted to board them for any
purpose.
Concerning the episode John Q. Brown,
assistant general manager of tho Oakland
Transit Consolidated, paid to-day:
Mr Kelly was notified Saturday about
these men he 'immediately went to rvc them,
l.iey claimed "to fcavc been' sent to the steam
era by insurance companies. l»ut v/e <an not
and do net foc-Iieve that any Insurance company
> .. : take such an Irregular way of doing
business. The m^n did not explain why they
%-r-ro there or what tfK-y Intends) to do en the
boat*, llanaircr K«-l!y communicated v.tth
Mr. ChrlMy of the United Engineering Works,
hopins to pet explanations, but Mr. Chrtety
was iu tli« dark. He g*v* orders et once that
I) . men vre to be put oft* his iropertjr.^SSS?*
Shotguns and t-uckihnt cartridges w. m sent
?o our men at once, and they recclxed orders to
fciwp the pair of stranger* off nt all hazards
and to protect the etftamfjj. Mr. KHly de
cline $b*olutr!y to rwognize the*o men txs
Insurance company aff<*nts. Jor th» reason that
*e had net been regularly advised.
SEEKING EXPLANATION.
Furthermore, there was no reason for these
P«v>p1e'e prf-eence there a» watchmen. There
are five raen on truard at the boats and the
•srsr-by approach^* through Dickie'* shipyards
;Mid the United Enirineerirwt Company'* prop
er»v and this puard Ik ample. Besides, we
cio^not understand why any insurance corh
\.nr.y should have any reanon for sending men
*r. tfc»t unbusinesslike way to the steamers.
With the lack of information we have at
Mystery Marks Attempts to
Board Yerba Bnena and
San Jose.
Guards With Shotguns
Keep Close Vigil
on Steamera
ARMED MEN
PATROL NEW
FERRY-BOATS
LOEB PHYSIOLOGICAL INSTITUTE AT THE STATE UNIVERSITY IS DEDICATED
TO SCIENCE BEFORE A BRILLIANT GATHERING OF NOTED EDUCATIONAL MEN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 21, 1903.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA BERKELEY OAKLAND ALAMEDA
9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AXVEBTISEMENTS.
GOZ.D CEOWKS AT COST.
22 K. ennrnt, wim. at.ie and artistic; mar.
• nteed not to tarnish or come off. Pivot teeth
«hich cannot be delected from the natural.
Crowded and twisted teeth rerultted free. Ex-
traction free. Cleaning: free. Palnleu methods.
Graduates only. Twenty yearn' puarante*.
Wrfk davp 3 to 9: Bifiriayi". 9 to 1.
POST-QEADUATE DIHTAL COLLEGE
San Francisco— 3 Taylor Street.
Oaklana— 973 Washington BUCor. 10th.
£aa Jose — 45 East Saata Clara Street.
Thc v experience and testimony
of some of the most noted women
of America jro to prove, beyond
a question, that Lydia JE. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound will
correct all such trouble at once
by removing: tho cause, and re-
storing' the organs to a healthy
and normal condition.
"I have seen cases where women
doctored for years without permanent
benefit who were cored in less than
three months after taking your Vege-
table Compound, while others who
were chronic and incurable came out
cured, happy, and in perfect health
after a thorough treatment with this
medicine. I have never used it myself
without gaining great benefit. A
few doses restores my strength and
appetite, and tones np the entire
system. Your medicine has been tried
and found true, hence I fully endorse
it."— Mrs. R. A. AXDXHSOS, 225 Wash-
ington St., Jacksonville, Fla." — ssoGi
forfeit If original of above testimonial proving genu-
ineness cannot be produced.
" There are but few wives and
mothers who have not at times en-
dured agonies and such pain as only
women know of. I wish such women
knew the value of L>ydia E. Pink-
hnm's Vegetable Compound. It
is a remarkable medicine, different in
action from any other I ever knew and
thoroughly reliable. MSB
society woman of Jacksonville,
Fla., daughter of Recorder of
Deeds, West, says :*
Mrs. Anderson, a prominentWASHINGTON. Aug. 2ff.-Minister
Beaupre at Bogota has been asked by the
State Department to send more, definite
information concerning proceedings about
the Isthmian canal treaty, but there is no
"way of telling how long the message will
be delayed, owing to the interruption of
telegraphic communication between Bue
na Ventura and Bogota. The fact that
two messages of the same date reached
the department with an Interval of four
days between them shows how irregular
this mode of communication has become.
The trouble seems to be with the land
lines and it Is understood that heavv
tropical growths have interfered with the
wires. The only dispatch received to-day
from Minister Beaupre was dated the 12th
and was very indefinite, although lt con
veys the Impression that further efforts
are being made to secure favorable action
upon the treaty. The Costa Rican Min
ister called upon Acting Secretary Adee
to-day, but lt was stated that his visit
was one of courtesy and had no reference
to the isthmian canal.
The clubman and the pretty dressmaker. In
the Wasp's gogslp. •£¦ •
cation Delays Accurate
• Information.
Poor Telegraphic Communi-
State Department De
sires Details of Canal
Treaty's Defeat.
BEAUPRE ASKED
FOR PARTICULARS
BRITISH "BARK ARISTIDES.
WHICH HAS BEEN PLACED
ON REINSURED LIST.
Movements of Steamers.
Era- '.i- Hydrographic Office, U. 8. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal..
Aucust 20 1903.
The time ball on the Ferry building was
dropped exactly at noon to-day, 1. e.. at noon
of the 120th meridian, or at 8 p. m. Greenwich
time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant, U. S. N., in Charge.
Time Ball.
Ashore at Adelaide.
The British bark Inverlyon, from Port Lud
low,. went ashore at Adelaide August; 17. Part
of her cargo has been Jettisoned, and It is
thought she can be floated without assistance.
day,' except -when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of th«j United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (-7-)
«ign precedes the heights, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Fountain Pen News.
To fit your hand it Is necessary to buy
where all grades of the best makes are
in stock. The "Waterman," "Swan" and
"Marshall" fountain pens fill everjr want.
Prices $100 to $5 00 each. Sanborn, Vail
& Co., 741 Market street. *'
WASHINGTON. Aug. 20. — Postmasters ap
pointed: California— Samuel C. Lenhart.
Claus. Washington— Alexander HIgdon. Manor.
Army orders: Captain Jess M. Baker, quar
termaster, from San Francisco to Portland, re
lieving v Colonel Forest H. Hathaway as dis
bursing quartermaster.
Of Interest to Pacific Coast.
Kelly Is known to have carried a big sum of
money. He was clerk of the Police Court and
handled 525.000 of the city's money in the
course of a year. An investigation of his
books shows his accounts to be straight.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Aug. 20.— Schuyler C.
Kelly, lieutenant colonel in the I Third Regi
ment. Missouri National Guard, has been mys
teriously missing from his home in this city
since Wednesday morning. His wife Joined a
party to-day In a search along the river bot
toms for the missing man. but found no trace
of him.
OFFICER OF MILITIA
MYSTERIOUSLY DISAPPEARS
Missouri ' Lieutenant Colonel Sud
denly Leaves Home With Large'
" Sum of Money.
This morning he sent out hundreds of
telegrams to Pacific Coast points asking
the amount of hay in sight and for prices.
Later in the day other hundreds of tele
grams were sent to the Middle West and
to points throughout the East. Later an
swers commenced to pour in, flooding the
Vocal telegraph offices. The newspapers
began to receive queries in regard to the
deal. ,.
| Nothing of the man can be ascertained
to-night, as .he is a comparative stran
ger and is not in a condition now to give
an account of himself. His telegrams
caused : considerable excitement among
dealers in feed in this part of the country.
DAVENPORT, Iowa, Aug. 20.— W. F.
Mattes, who came to Davenport recently,
to-day attempted to get a corner on the
hay of the country, and' as a result of
overexertion is to-night confined in a pad
ded cell of the police station, a raving
maniac.
% Special Dispatch to The Call
Receipt of Hundreds of Dis
patches £maze Tele
" graph Companies.
Stranger in Iowa Ex
. cites Dealers and
Proves Insane.
SEEKS TO BUY
COUNTRY'S HAY
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. I Due.
Arctic*. ...... Kedondo .' Aug. 21
S. Monica San Pedro Aug. 21
Acapulco New York via Panama Aug. 21
Mackinaw.... Tacoma Aug. 21
Kedondo Humboldt Aug. 21
Corona Humboldt ............ Augr. 21
Point Arena. . MtnUtcino & Pt. Arena Aug. 21
Lakme San Pedro |Aug. 22
a Barbara... San Pedro lAug. 22
Rival, Willapa Harbor Aug. 22
Kainler Peattle & Whatcom...lAug. 22
Iaqua Humboldt | Aug. 23
Uonita Newport & Way Ports. Aug. 23
Newburg Grays Harbor ' Aug. 23
J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma Aug. 23
O. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria...: Aug. 23
Korea China & Japan Aug. 24
Del Norte Crescent City ........ Aug. 24
Chehalls San Pedro Aug. 24
Czarina . ... Coos Bay Aug. 24
Argo Eel River Ports Aug. 24
Pomona Humboldt Aug. 24
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Aug. 24
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Aug. 24
Silesia.. Seattle Aug. 1*
Tltanla Nanaimo Aug. 25
Eureka Humboldt ....; 25
Coronado San Pedro Aug. 25
Callfornlan... New York Aug. 25
Queen Puget Sound Ports.... Aug. 25
Peru New York via Paiiama Aug. 2C
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports Aug. 28
North Fork. . . Humboldt ., Aug. 26
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pts. Aug. 27
Columbia..... Portland & Astoria.... Aug -28
Luxor Hamburg & Way Pts. Aug! 23
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma.... Aug 20
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports Aug. 30
Curacao Mexican Ports '. . Aujt 31
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. I Pier.
Anun»t 21. ' ~~
F. Leggett. Portland Way Pts. 12 m Pier 10
San Pedro.. Humbodlt 2 pm Pier 2
S. Monica.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Redondo... Los Angeles Ports. 3 pm Pier 2
North Fork. Humboldt 5 pm Pier 2
Coos Bay... Newport & Way.. 0 am Pier 10
Columbia... Astoria A Portland 11 am Pier 24
AiiK«»t 22.
Lakme Grays Harbor .... 2 pm Pier 2
Arctic Humboldt 12' m Pier 10
Phoenix.... Mendocino direct... 1 pm Pier 13
S. Portland Astoria & Portland 5 pm Pier . .
8. Barbara. Seattle & Olympia 4 pm Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt 12 m Pier 13
Uairacouta. N. Y. via Panama 12 m Pier 40
. AagnM 23. .
S. Rosa.... San Diego & Way. 0 am Pier 19
Corona..... Humboldt* l:30pPier 8
Aniruit 24.,
Nebraskan. Honolulu & Kahului .3 pm Pier 20
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena' 4 pm Pier 2
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Chehalis... Grays Harbor .... 3 pro Pier 2
Anfcant 25.
Coronado. . . Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
Bonita Newport Way Pts. 9 am Pier 19
Arcata Coos B.&Pt. Orford 12 m Pier 13
AngnMt 20. ' * :.'- > •---.¦
R. Dollar.. Portland direct ... 5 pm Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt l:30pPler 9
Aiko...' Eel River Ports.... 4 pm Pier 2
G-. ,W. Eldei Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
A. Maru... China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Rival.... •• Willapa Harbor.... 4 pm Pier 2
August 27. '
SUte of Cal San ¦ Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 19
Newburg... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
Sierra Sydney & Way Pts 2 pm Pier 7
J. Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
Rainier.... Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 2
, Anjrust 28. ;
Slksla..'..'. Hamburg Way Pts 2 pm Pier 27
AnKiut 20. |
Acapulco... N. Y. via Panama. 12 mlPIer 40
Queen...... Puget Sound. Ports. |11 am|Pier 9
~~~ FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. [ For. I Sails.
City Seattle.'. Skagway &\Way Ports Aug. 21
Humboldt.... Skagway AiWay. Porte Aug. 22
Nome City."..* Cooks Inlet , & Way Pts Aug. 25
Farallor. Skagway & Way Pts.. Aug. 2tt
Dolphin...... Skagway & Way Porw Aug. 27
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Ports Aug. 27
City Topeka. . Skagway . & Way Ports Aug. 29
Senator....... Nome direct .......... Sept. 1
Eureka....... Nome direct Sept. 1
Excelsior..... Cook"» Inlet & Way Pts Sept. : 1
Roanoke Nome & St. Michael..*. Sept. 1
FRIDAY. AUGUST 21.
Sun. rises ..'......... 5:30 a. m.
Sun sets ......................... 6:55 p. m.
Moon rl»eg^... y.; 4:00 a. m.
O.lTime -iTlmel , Time • ' Time
5. I- Ft.! Ft. ——Ft. Ft.
.» IL.W Ih,W Ja yV ;:.; H W ;
21 3:50—0.7 11:00 5.1 4:00 .2.110:14 ' fl.0
22 4:42— 0.7 11:40 "5.4 4:50 1.8 11:00 8.9
23 6:27 —0.5 12:17 5.0 5:42 1.5
H W - L. W H W ¦¦ -: L. W
24 0:01 5.S 6:12—0.112:65 8.7 6:35 .1.3
25 0:55 5.5 6:56 ¦ 0.4 1:34 5.7 7:30 "1.1
20 I l:r>2|'5.1 7:401 1.01 2:15| ,5.6| 8.26 1.1
27 | 2:55| . 4.7 8:2G| il.6| 3:01,. : 6.51.0:25 1.0
NOTE— In the above exposition ; of trie tides
the"early morning tides ; are given in the left
hand column and the - successive tides . of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
.fourth time column eives the laat tide of the
•'U)74 pkts fresh frjilts, 89 pkgs fresh vege
tables, C5 pkxs onions. 33.M0 lbs malt, 22 cs
02 cal» wine, 3C7 lbs hops. 1140 lbs choro
late, 123 cs canned goods, 180 lbs coffee, 25 Ts
The eteamer City of Puebla. which sailed
on Wednesday for Victoria, 'carried an as
eorted carco consiened to the port of destina
tion and the principal British Columbian ports,
valued at I1G.7W. The cargo included the fol
lowing: merchandise and produce: -
Exports for the North.
The French bark Anjou is chartered for bar-
J/7 .*° Eur £I?« at 1Cs M » lt to » direct port
M less. The schooner Prosper Is chartered
for lumber from Columbia River to Manila.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Rosecrans Arrives.
The oil carrying ateamshlp Rosecrans, Cap
tain Johnson, arrived yesterday, ten days from
Honolulu. *
Jame* McGeary, a sailor, fell 'yesterday from
one of the yards of tne British ship Stronsa.
He broke hl» leg; and sustained a lacerated
wound cf the head. His injuries were treated
at the Harbor Hospital.
Falls From. Aloft.
Captain Gettenby of the ship Two Brothers,
which recently struck the Columbia RJver bar,
has ccme to this city for medical treat
ment. He was seriously 111 when he arrived
here, but \r said to be recovering. He has
been relieved of his command.
Captain Is Sick.
The ship Star of Russia, which arrived
Wednesday nicht from Karluk, brought the
first of the new season's salmon pack. Her
carg-o consisted of 26,000 cases. According to
estimate received, the Alaska catch for this
year, like that of Pug-et Sound, will be con
siderably smaller than last 6eason.
First of Salmon Pack.
Captain ¦ Thomas D. E. Wilson, marine su
perintendent for the Occidental "and Oriental
Steamship Company, received painful Injuries
yesterday through the collision of the street
car upon which he was riding with a passing
wagon. The collision occurred en Fourth
street, between Brannan and Townsend. Wil
son, who was sitting- outside, was struck on
the head by the shaft, which also rammed the
captain's throat,' Inflicting extensive lacera
tions. One of the car stanchions was carried
away and in falling struck Captain Wilson
across the thighs, bruising them considerably.
Several windows of the car were broken and
other damage done.
Hurt in Collision.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Thursday, August 20.
Stmr Noyo, Ellefsen, 16 hours from Fort
Bragg. 'v
Stmr Rosecrans, Johnson, 10 days from
Honolulu.
Stmr Phoenix, Odland, 13 hours from Men
doclno.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, 15 hours from Cas
par.
Stmr Umatilla, Nopander, 68 hours from
Victoria.
Stmr Mlneola, Klrkwood, 00 hours from Ta
coma. ,
Ktmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 40 hours from
San Diego.
Stmr South Bay, Jamleson, 50 hours from
San Pedro.
Stmr Centralia. Brickson, C7 hours from
Grays Harbor; bound south;' put In to land
passengers.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, 24 hours from Eureka.
Ship Wm P Frye, Murphy, 120 days from
Baltimore.
Bark Mohican, Kelly, 27 days from Hono
lulu.
Fr bark Marguerite Molinos, Bicheux, 133
days from Swansea.
Schr Glen, Johnson, 14 hours from Iver
s*-ns Landing.
CLEARED.
Thursday, August. 20.
Stmr Pomona, Swanson, Kureka; Pacific
Coast Steamship Co.
Stmr Coos Bay, Nicolson, Ban Pedro; Pacific
Coast Steamship Co.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria; Oregon Rail
road and Nav Co.
SAILED.
Thursday, August 20.
Stmr Marshfleld, Dettmer», ¦ Hardy Creek.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, San Diego.
Stmr Alliance, Hardwick, Astoria.
Stmr Pomona, Swanson, Eureka.
. Schr Bessie K, Merriam. San Vicente Land
ia*.
iBtmr Cella, Norbenr. Albion.
Stmr Argo, Dunham, Bel River.
Stmr Gualala. Johnson, Fishermans Bay.
Stmr Edith, Hall. Seattle. '
Stmr Centfalla, Erlckson, San Pedro.
Br ship Stronsa, Jones, Runcorn. \
Bark W B Flint, Johnson, Honolulu, Ka
hului and Makaweli.
Bktn Gleaner, Schmehl, Columbia River. '
Schr Newark, Reinertsen, Bowens Landing.
Schr Robert R Hind, Erlckson, Port .Town-
Bend. ¦
Schr North Bend, Jack«on. Willapa Harbor.
•Br «chr Azalene, Cassar. La Union.
SPOKEN.
Per ship Win P Frye — Aujr 14. lat 37 25 N
Ion 135 60 W, schr Jennie Wand, from Mexico
for San Francisco.
Per Fr bark Manruerlte Molinos— May 27,
lat 57 20 8, Ion 72 45 W, and In company to
June 10, Ger ship Adelaide, from Hamburg,
for Santa Rosalia.-' Aue 3. - lat 21 10 N. Ion
124 13 E. Ger bark Kllbek. from Port Gam
ble, for United Kingdom.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Aug 20, 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind NW, velocity 24 miles per hour.
- DOMESTIC PORTS.-
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Aug 20 — Bktn
Amaranth, from Port Blakeley.
Passed In Aug 20 — Fr ship Pierre Antolne,
from Shanghai.
Sailed Aug 20— Schr Geo W -Watson, for - — .
REDOXDO — Arrived Aug 20— Stmr Manda
lay. rrom Crescf nt City.
Sailed; Aue 20 — Stmr Arctic, for San Fran
cisco, -i - . -. '. -. . . .
Teddy, the setter dog that for years has
been regarded as the mascot of the Pacific
Mail Dock, is dead. Teddy had all the virtues
a highly bred and well behaved mascot should
possess. He had cne weakness, curiosity, and
It was his fondness* for investigation that led
to his undblng. Teddy was too well trained
to commit a crime so dreadful as broaching
cargo, but could not resist the temptation, a
few days ago. to test with his tongue the qual
ity of a consignment of green hides. In the
curing of the skiriH arsenic had been used and
as Teddy licked he gathered up enough of the
poison to kill a dozen dogs. Superintendent
Hauxhurst. who owned Teddy, Is -heartbroken
over the death of his pet. who was as affec
tionate a friend as ever walked on four feet.
Teddy, the Mascot, Is Dead.
PANTA CRUZ. Aug. 20.— The Second RfRi
rnent will break camp Saturday night The
militiamen are kept busy drilling «-very day
end the encampment undoubtedly will prove of
irrtaier help to them.
Militiamen Are Kept Busy Drilling.
N'APA. Aug. 20.— The will of the late Mar-
Caret Fcaly was filed for probate to-day In the
Courty Clerk's office The entire estate is to
be distributed equally among the children of
the three brothers of the decedent. The bene
ficiaries are residents of Dublin, Ireland
Leaves Estate to Heirs in Ireland.
' The bark "VV. B. Flint sailed yesterday for
Kahului, via Honolulu and Makawell. with an
assorted merchandise cargo, valued at ?19,
020, and Including the following:
03 bbls flour. 4570 ctls barley, 82 ctls wheat,
254 ctls corn. 17C5 bales hay. 207,716 lbs bran.
20.707 lbs middlings, 122S lbs beans, 2703 gals
wine, 25 casks bottled beer, 5 bales salt, 2220
lbs lard, 150 lbs hops, 32 pkgs groceries and
provisions, 139 cs canned goods, 1037 lbs sugar,
10 cs meals, 50 cs 10 bbls salmon, 540 lbs cod
fish, 250 lbs chocolate, 130 pkgs potatoes, 10
pkgs onions, 250 lbs chocolate, 083 lbs ham
and bacon, 185 gals vlnegrar. 4500 railroad
ties, 3092 posts. 4 pkgs machinery, 8 pkgs
drugs. 12 colU rope, 45 ska coal. 23 pkgs paper,
200 cs coal oil. 2550 gals gasoline, 11 bdls
snooks, 227 lbs tobacco. 13 cs boots and shoes,
5 cs soap, 790 lbs soda, 6 pkgs dry goods.
Merchandise for Hawaii.
The rate of reinsurance on the British ship
Aristides was advanced yesterday to 25 per
cent. She is out S6 days from Caleta Buena
for this port. The Aristides Is noted for her
speed, and on that account anxiety for her
safety Is manifesting . itself earlier. than it
would in the case of the average windjammer.
While the underwriter* -are uneasy, sailor folk
profess to have no fear for the vessel. The
professional opinion peems to be that she has
struck one of the long-lived calms so prevalent
in the waters she must traverse. The French
bark Colbert, quoted at 20 per cent on the over
due list, arrived yesterday at Dunedln. The
Helen Brewer remains at S3 per cent and the
Milton Park at 75 per cent. The French ship
Madeleine, out ITS days from Antwerp for
Tacoma, is quoted at 10 per cent.
Is Noted for Her Speed.
NAPA. Aug. 20.— Two-thirds of the pears in
thf Nara Valley are afflicted with scab this
year, a serious defect, as pears having the
t=cab will not be accepted at the canneries.
The scab leaves a discoloration on the fruit
when cajinwi. no matter how deep the scab is
cut <iut. This disease cf the pear is bein;?
studied by prominent Nara County orchardisu
with a vk-w to finding some preventive.,
Pear Crop Is Damaged.
In addition to the foregoing the steamer car
ried 15.S1I5 lbs dried fruit and 303 bxs raisins,
valued at $1334. en route to Winnipeg, Cana
da; « pkgs household goods, valued at *10O.
for Toronto, and 50 cs canned asparagus, val
ued at ?1S5, for Australia,
palad oil, 145 pkgs groceries and provisions,
SO pkgs paste. 40 cs syrup, 40C0 lbs beans, 250
tins matches. 15 pkgs dry goods, 15 cyls gas,
U cb hats. 3 bales twine, SI pkgs machinery.
2S0O lbs 10 drums soda, 5 pkgs sewingr ma
chines, CO pkgs arms and ammunition, 350 bxs
candles, 20 drums glycerine, 4 cs oil, 751 lbs
starch. 15 <f>kgs drups. 4 pes steel.
PASADENA. Aug. 20.— The State Afro-
Arr.erican Council cloyed to-day after electing
¦\v;i;iam Prince of Pasadena, president; George
Warner cf Los Ar.gelef. first vice president; A.
a "llf"1 cf Riverside, second vice president;
Mrs. Lucy of Los Angeles, third vice presi
dent: James Alexander of Los Anpe-les. secre
tary; Henry Simpson of Bakersfield. assistant
secretary; William Ptrothers of Pasadena,
treasurer. The council will meet next year in
Los Angeles. The resolutions indorsed Presi
dent Rcoeevelt and Governor Pardee.
Afro-American Council Adjourns.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 20— The Los Angeles
Tralfie Hureau calls attention to an important
civil f=uit for damages brought in Sioux City,
la.; last Saturday apainst the Southern Pacific
Kailroad by Metsrp. Wright and Call. This
action, it is hoj*d, will determine a local ques
tion cf considerable. importance to all fruit
dealers east of the Kooky Mountains who
l.antile <-£lIfornia fruits. The question involved
is whether the initial carrier which transports
the fruit fr<>m California eastward can be
held responsible for the safe deliver}- of the
uuit to its destination, the fruit being diverted
t'. many railroads alter it crosses the moun
tains. -
Question Involved Is Whether First
Carrier Is Responsible for Safe
Delivery of Freight.
IMPORTANT CIVIL SUIT
FILED AGAINST BAILBOAD
The William P. Frye left Baltimore
April 21. She rounded the Horn June 17,
when fifty-six days out. She passed quite
close to the barren headland and all
hands got an - unusually good view of the
cape. In spite of light winds, calms and
fogs the Frye made the trip. from Balti
more in 13) days.
Captain Murphy is probably the best
known American skipper that now sails
the seas. He has commanded some of
the finest ships that fly the Kmerlcan flag
and is well known in neaKy every port
of the world. The Shenandoah and Roa
noke have both in their time sailed with
Captain Murphy In command, and when
the William P. Frye docks the greater
part of the local Maine colony will find
its way aboard to renew their acquaint
anceship with a man who represents
everything that has made famous the
down east sailormen. ,
with nearly 5000 tons of coal. This
is the Frye's second visit to this port.
She is commanded by Captain J. F. Mur
phy, whose name has been associated for
many years with the clipper ships for
which the American merchant marine
was once so famous.
THE William P. Frye, one of the
largest and handsomest of mod
ern American sailing ships, ax
rived yesterday from Baltimore
PORT HARFORD— Sailed. Aug 20— Stmr Bo
nlta. for San Pedro. . - *
Arrived Aug 20— H a m. stmr Santa Bar
bara, from San Pedro; 4 pm, stmr Santa
Cruz, hence Aug 19.
.SANTA BARBARA — Arrived Aug 20— Stmr
Coronado, hence Aur IS: stmr Bonita, hence
Ang 17. and sailed for San Pednr.
SEATTLE— Arrived Aug 10— Stmr Dlrigo.
from Skagway.
Sailed Aus 19 — Stmr Oregon, for Nome; stmr
James Dollar, for San Francisco.
Arrived Aug 20— Stmr Montara, hence 16th.
BALLARD — Sailed Aug 10— Schr Maweema,
for San Diego.
TATOOSH— Passed in Auz 20— Schr Ruth E
Godfrey, from Redondo, for Ballard; Br ship
Vincent, from Rotterdam.
Passed out Auk 20— Stmr Oregon, from Se
attle, for Nome: Ger bark Gustav and Oscar,
from Vancouver, for England; stmr Alaskan,
/rom Tacoma. for Honolulu.
Passed in Aur-20— Fr ship Madalalne, from
Antwerp, for Seattle; stmr Raraona, hence
Aub 17. for Seattle.
EUREKA— Arrived Aug 20— Stmr Iaqua,
i hence Aug 10.
Sailed AUg 20— Stmr Redondo. * for San
Francisco; stmr Corona, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Aug 20— Schr Colum
bia, from- Eureka.
Sailed Aug 20 — Stmrs Ruth and Fulton, for
San Francisco. " '
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Aub 20— Schr Bertha
.Dolbeer. for Eureka.
WESTPORT— Arrived Aug 20— Stmr West
port, hence Aus 19. - -
POKT GAMBLE— Arrived Aug 20— Fr bark
Pierre Antolne, from Port Townsend.
MENDOCIXO— Arrived Aug 20— Stmr News
boy, hence Aug? 19.
PORT LUDLOW — Arrived Aug 20— Bktn
James Tuft, from Port Blakeley.
TACOMA— Sailed Aug 10— Stmr Alaskan,
for Honolulu.
Sailed Aug 20— Schr W F Wltzemann, for
San Pedro: tug Sea Rover, with dredger and
scow In tow, for San Pedro.
ALBION— Arrived Aug 19 — Stmr Greenwood,
hence Aug IS, andsailed Aug 20 for San Fran
cisco.? ' • ¦ .
GRAYS HARBOR — Arrived Aug 19 — Schr
Dauntless, hence Aug 4; schr Volant, hence
Aug 8.
Sailed Aue 19 — Stmr Newburg. for San
Francisco.
ASTORIA— Sailed Auc 20— Stmr. Grace Dol
lar, for Uedondo.
Arrived Aug 20— Bktn Arago, hence Aug 12.
PORT BLAKELEY— Sailed Aug 20— Bktn
Jas Tuft, for Australia; bktn Amaranth, for
Australia.
Arrived Aug 20 — Br bark Melanope, from
Port Ludlow; Br ship King 'David, from Port
Ludlow.
KARLUK— Arrived July 30— Ship Balclutha.
from Nanalmo.
ISLAND PORT.
HONOLULU— Arrived ¦ Aug 20— Br bark
Brunei, from Newcastle, Aub.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Cleared Aug .19— Br ' stmr
Lowther Castle, for Singapore.
FOREIGN PORTS.
COLON— Sailed Aug 18— Stmr Alllanca, for
New York. . •¦¦ ' ¦ • ¦ .
HAMBURG— Sailed Aug 17 — Ger bark Bir
ma, for San Diego.
NEWCASTLE. Aus^-Arrived— Br ship Alice
A Leigh, from Melbourne.
Sailed Aug 20— Br ehlp Ormsary, for Hono
lulu.
SHANGHAI— Arrived ! prior to Aug 13— Fr
stmr Brelz Huel, from New "York.
TAKU— Sailed Aug 18 — Stmr Hyades, for
Tacoma. • ¦
TENERIFFE — Arrived Aug B — Ger stmr Ser
bia, from Hamburg, for San Francisco.
HONGKONG— Arrived Aug 10— Br stmr
Doric, hence July 23. ¦ •
DUNED1N — Arrived Aug 20 — Fr bark Ccl
btfrt, from Clyde. ; ¦ - • : .
ACjAPULCO— Sailed Aug 16— Stmr City -of
Para, from Newcastle, Aus. ..'¦
GENOA— Sailed Aug 13— Qer atmr Abydos,
for San Francisco. - ¦ •.
VICTORIA— Arrived Augr 20— Br stmr Indra
velll, from Hongkong. £\,-:\
OCEAN STEAMERS. -
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug 20— Stmr Norge,
from Copenhagen, and Christiania.
Sailed Aug 20— Stmr Blucher, for Hamburg,
via Plymouth and Cherbourg; stmr La Savoie,
for Havre; stmr Bremen, for Bremen.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Auk 20— Stmr Teu
tonic, for New York; stmr - Westernland, for
Philadelphia.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Aug 20— Stmr Cale
donian, from Boston, for Manchester; stmr
Ivernia. from Boston; stmr Pomeranian, from
Montreal.
Sailed Aur 20 — Stmr New England, for Bos
ton, via Queenstown; stmr .Tunisian, fpr Que
bec and Montreal, via Moville. * Aug 19 — Stmr
Custodian, for New Orleans.
.LONDON— Sailed Aug 20— Stmr Arcadian,
for Montreal.
GLASGOW— Sailed Aur 20— Stmr Siberian,
lor St Johns, N F. ¦" ...
GENOA— Sailed Aug < 15— Stmr ' Liguria, for
New York.
NAPLES— Sailed "Aug 19— Stmr Calabria, for
New York.
MARSEILLES— Sailed Aug 20— Stmr Achil
les, from Tacoma, via Hlogo, Hongkong, Ma
nila and Cebu, for Liverpool. •-.>••.-.'
Sun. Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic 8urvey—
Time and Heights ¦¦ at . High and Low
Waters at Port Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay.- Published by, official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and . low \ waters . occur at
the city front (Mission-street •«~:iarf) about 23
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height of
tide 1b the game at both places.
MARTS VILLE. Aug. 20.— The passenger* on
the north-bound 1 ¦v.xl arriving here at 5
o'clock thl» afternoon witnessed an exciting
clisw after a nerro criminal wanted at Sac
ramento. The Sheriff's office had be*n noti
fied to be on the lookout for him. and Under
Sheriff Lydon. with Deputy Howser and Police
Officer Sinple. was at the train to intercept the
itiBitive. The negro jumped from the train
just b?fore it stopped, and when ordered to
hi.lt made a wild effort to escape. He vai
pursued by the officers. Deputy Howser firing
over his head. The shots only seemed to lend
* ; •¦¦"•d to the fugitive's legs, but he was finally
ccptured a*:d handcuffed. The negro's name is
friven as Bill Jones, alias Maxwell. He is said
to be wanted for larceny.
Pistol Shots Fired After Him Only
Secru to Lend Speed to
His Legs.
rUGITIVE NEGRO CAUGHT
AFTER AN EXCITING CHASE
*
Special Pisiatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 20— An autopsy on the
body of the male infant found under the
bridge at the junction of the Gish and Al
vlso roads shows the child to have been
about ten days old. It is believed it was
t.mothered to death.
The Sheriff's office is working on the
case but has not yet solved the mystery.
Two women were seen In the vicinity
v.-here the body was found a few hours
before it vas discovered. They had a
basket with them. The women evidently
returned to this city, but the police have
b^en unable lo find any trace of them.
Dr. Holbrook. who held the autopsy,
says that the baby- had been dead from
twent>'-four to forty-eight hours. It was
wrapped in newspapers and ra&s.
An inquest will be held by Coroner Kell
as poon as .he officers have had time to
investigate th* matter.
Fhysicians Say Dead Infant
Found Under Bridge Was
Ten Days Old.
Authorities at San Jose
Are Working on Mys
terious Case.
Finest cf Modern American- Sailing Ships Pays San Francisco a
Second Visit — Brings Nearly 5000 Tons \ of Goal' arid is
Commanded by the Former Captain of the Clipper Shenandoan
BELIEVE BABY
WAS SMOTHERED
WILLIAM P. FRYE MAKES A SPEEDY
PASSAGE FROM PORT OF BALTIMORE
,..•.,¦ ' j | - ¦
THE SAN FH AN CISCO CAlA!, FRIDAY, AUGUST 21, 1903.
10
SOUTH E R N d PACIFIC
Train. ••^^^^.^ciVco.'*"
<MaIn Line, root of Market Street ) ~
T^l g^TAT^TrTljOa. - AKKiV
"7.00* Benicfcu SuUun. Kl.uira snd 3»cra-
7pn . vacnvlile.'iv'inte'r*! isotnsey ........ 7-25P
7.30a Nlles. Llvermore, Lathrop. Stock-
8 nOA Dav r is?Wo^and.*KnlkhU LanJinjr.
Si SarVsTHle for Grtdley. Biggs ?
SoflA PortC.wts. Martinez. Antloeb. By-
5.00a ran n TracyjS , ocfcu ,n.Sa«-rsmento.
Los Runos. Mcndota, Uanford.
YIsbH*. Fort^rvllle »»4^9»
tFrut<». Kfd nioff. Portland . . . ... 7.55P
«^flA Xllei San Jaw. Llrerraore. Stock-
9.00» M.rline.«»aw.r8t»l»«> *|-gj
jut
T?icy. LTthropF Stockton.
lows. Knlshts Lnndlntr. Msryf ..
vllle. Orovlllc snd wsy sUUons.. 1O"A
S.30I- H».»rd, Ktles and WaySUUoniL. 7-65F
4.00P Martlnes.Ssn Ramon. Vallejo,»apa, _.
C»lUtog». S»nt»Kosa.. ......... .Zi£?
«.C0t M»rtlneiTTr«cy.Lathrop,Stoekton. 1025*
4 OOr Nlles. Lltermore. Stockton. Lodi.. .J-f?'
430? Uaywsr.1. Nlles. Irrlngton. San I t«||*
Jose. Ltvennore f tll.664
B4J0-P The Owl Limited— Fresno. Tulare.
lta&ersaeld, Los Aogeles: con-
nects at sjiiujfu* for S&nta Bar*
bara f. «-55a
6C0r Port Costa, Tracy. Stockton. Los „_
Banos •S-SS*
t5 30p Hsywsrd, Klles and Ssn Jose «H5*
6-COp Usywsrd,NI!»nnd Ssn Jose 10.Z04
6C0p Oriental Mull— Oftden. Denver.
Omaha. St. Louis. Chicago ana
JiaJt. (CsrTles Pullman Csr pss-
scDgers only out of 8i«n Frsn-
cloco. Tourist car snd coach
passengers take 7.C0 r. m. train
to Reno, continuing thence In
their cars* p.M.trsla eastward. . 4-ZSV
"Westbound. Sunset Limited.—
From New Tork. Chicago. New
Orleans, El Paso. Los Angeles.
Freino. Berenda. Raymond ( from
To*emlte). fcartlnex. Arrives.. 8-23*
7JD0r San Pablo. Por* Costa, Martinez
and Way Stations. - tt-25*
t7X0p Vallejo v - 7B6»
7.00' Port Costa. Benlcla, Sulsun, Davis,
Sscrsmeoto. Truckee, Iieno.
Stops st all stations east ot
Sacramento 7-6OA
BOGr Oregon A California Express— Sao>
rsmento, Marysvllle, Redding,
Portland. Puget Sound and Cast. 8-55*
J8.10r Bayward. Nlle» and Saa Jose (Son- -¦
day only) J11-B84
lUSr Port Costa, Trsey. Lathrop. Mo-
desto. Merced, Raymond (to To-
semlte). Fresno, llanford, \>
•all». Bakersfleld 12.28s
COAST LINE (."«arn»w Uaagej.
¦¦>¦.- (Foot of Market Street.) %
XI Ah*. Santa Croz Excursion (Sunday
only) t8-10»
8.16a Newark. Centervllle. San Jose,
Felton. Boulaer Creek, Santa
Crus and Way Stations 6 25*
t2.16> Newark. Centervllle. San Jose,
New Almade o.Los GatOi.FeUon.
Boulder Creek, Santa Crus aad
Principal W»y Stations 10434
4.15* Newark. San Jose, Los Onto* and
way stations (on Saturday and
Sunday runs through to Santa
Crnz; M6nd»y only from Santa
Cruz). Connects at Felton to
and from. Bonldrr Creek 18-68 j
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN rKAACISCO, toot of Market St. (811p*>
— 17:15 »:(» 11:00 a.m. 100 3.00 615 pm
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — t«:0o £*:0s
t3:05 IOiOUa.m. 12 00 200 400 p.m.
COAST LINE <Broad Manx*).
tJ" (third ami lownsend Streets.)
B»tfta San Jose and Way Stations 7.S0F
t7 00a San Jose and *Wi»y StaClonn 6-30r
/8.00a New Almaden (Tues., Frld.) /4-10r
17.15a Monterey and Santa Crus Excnr
don (Sunday only) {8.309
•-00a Coast Line Llinttcd— Stops only San
Jose.Gtlroy.Holllster.PaJaro.Css-
trovtne. SaltnaK. San Artlo, Paso
Robles. Santa Margarita, San Luis
Obis po. (principal stations thence)
EantaBarbara.Saugu»andLosAn>
geles. Connection at Castrorllle
to and from Mon terey snd Pad Ho
Grore and st Pajaro north bound
from Capitols and SaataCrus.... 10.48s>
• ¦COa Ban Joae. Tres Pinoa. Cspltolo,
BastaCruz.PacificUroTe.Saltaaa,
San Luis Oblspo snd PrlDctpal
Intermediate Stations ,. 4.10*
Westbound El Paso Passenger.—
From Chicago, El Paso. Los An-
geles, Santa Barbara. ArrlTes.. 130^
lOSBA^San Jo«e and Way Sutions... .... 1.£0v
11 00a Cemetery Passenger— South Saa
mm mtk Francisco, San Bruno 1.C5»
1130a gan Jose, Los Qatos snd Way Sta-
tlons 5.36*
• 1.30""" Ssn Jose and "Way Stations ... .... x70"f
2 COp San Jose and Way Sutions !9 40 a
2.30*p Cemetery Passenrer — South San
Francisco. San Bruno 4-35*
ti3.CC*f Del Monte Rxprms— Santa Clara,
Ean Jose, Del Monte. Monterey,
Paclfle Grove (connects at Santa
Clara for Santa Cruz. Boulder
_ _ Creek and Narrow G»u?s Points) f 1 2-1 5»
•401' Burllasrame, San Mateo. Redwood,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto, Msyfleld,
Mountain View. Lawrence, Saata
Clara, San Jose. Ollroy (connec-
tion for Holllster, Tre* Ptnos),
Pajaro (connection for Watson-
?llle. Capltola and Santa Cruz),
Pacific GroTe and way nations.
Connects at Castrovllle for S*-
.___ Unas 10.4SA
<^0p San Jose and Way Stations 838a
to COp San Jose. (tU Santa Clara) Los
Gatos. Wright and Principal Way
.. __ Sutions rSOQA,
fg-30-r San Jose and Prlnclpanray Sutions tS.OO*
tfi.ior San Mateo, Beresford.Belmoni.8sB
Carlos, Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto t8-48A
B.30r San Jose and Way Sutions 8.33a
7 OOr Suotet Limited. Eastbound.— Saa
Luis Oblspo. Sanu Barbara, Los
Angeles. Deming. SI Paso. New
Orleans, New York. (Westbound
• »*_ • rr ' Te »*l*S*nJosqulaVa:iey)... tr925»
8.C0? Polo Alto and Way Stations 10.15a
•n^OPMlUbrae.Palo Alto aad Way Sti;
tlons. t9 4Sv
• 11.30* Mlllbrae, San Jose' Vnd'way'sta^ "*•**"
»°ps t».45y
v e f *2 r MornlD «- P for AxteraoM. "
X Saturday and Sunday only.
I Stops at all stations on Sunday.
' t Sunday excepted. X Sunday only.
a Saturday only.
* Connects at Goshea Je. with trains for Haafor*
Vlsalla. At Fresno, for Vlsalla Tta Saagw.
• Via Coait Line, f Tuesday and Friday. •
m Arrive Tta Ntles. n Dally except Saturday.
* Via 6sn Josqnln Valley.
1 Stops Sanu Clsra south bound only. Conasst*
«cept Sunday, for all polau Narrow Gauss.
C7~Only trains stopping at Valencia St. soat&Booa*
are 6:10 a.m.. ll:00 AJs, 2:30 ruf. aad «:20 r.M.
|{CTpa^S| TO SAN RAFAEL
ISra^filfi SAN QUENTIiV,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERCETC,
via Sausalito Ferry
?«., On^Saiurday* the 3=13 P- «. train ruas
VrOM^SAN BAFAEL TO SAN FRANCIS^
10 S 2 UNUATS-«:13. 7:S5. tS:10 9:40. ,io :3a .
11W3" rn7l2:50. 2:30. J3:23. 4:40. &.XK
•'m »•« 10-20 p m.
Trains marked (t) 'tart from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SA.V FRA.V-
Z^STZ 7 l*il2o^:«.^l 5 . 7 i 4 :ta I lot
"rttx^A^S-^-M- 7:53 - 10 - »:N>a. in.. 12:08
f« 2-« ji« 4:M - e:08 - 7:1 °- 10:4 « P.
x.oo. z.*o. Trough trains.
7:45 *. ».. we * k day *~ Cazadero and way
" t R t l°5 1 i>. m.. -»e«k *»»» (Safordays exceptsd>—
Tomal«> tod w»r station*.
8:15 p. ni-- Saturdays^ — Cazadero and way
"^undar* ¦«"» L** 111 Holldayt-8 a. nx. Cax»-
dero and way stations.
Sundays and Legal Holidays— 10 a. nx. Point
Reyes and way stations.
TICKET OFFICFJ— «2« Market st.
FERRT — Foot of Market- «t
yJ&PSkiSl MENAHDWOMEH.
<^%^tCKE? l %Sl C»o Big tJ for unnatural
£SiSr •¦ * «• * da T«^a discharg-a.inllammations.
Am2§F o«u>Bt*ed g irritations or ulcaratiom
fP&S not to »trletor». of m n c o a « membranes.
sr* < Fr*»«rt» CMta<tn. Painless, and not a»trla-
gfTatTHEET»SCH£M!CAlCO. gent or poii>onoui.
T^aV ClHCIH.IATl.O.gT'ra Sold by DmrxlsU,
CS.1. °f »»nt in plain wr»p-?«r,
jg&Bt&tbr^-jtayZai *>y exprco*. prepaid, for
V^sSSlr^JISe&'ll •1.00. or S bottles J2.75.
i *aiSBs»*'^* Circular tout oa rsquest.
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
California .
Limited...
r> CHICAGO
1^^^^^"^] For Those Who
SANTA FE TBAINS.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local 1 Llm'd Lccal |Ov'rl # d
Dally I Dally Dally I Dally
Lv. San Fran.... 7:30a 9:30 a 4:C0p 8:00 p
Ar. Stockton 10:40 a 10:01 p 7:10 p 11:13 P
"Merced .. l:06p l:55p Y'H*
"Fresno 2:40 p 3:2up 5 : i5 a
".Hanford 4:68 p 4:07 p 7:50a
"Vlsalla 4:55p 4:4S p 8:00 a
"Bakersfleld .. 7:15p 6:00p 7: 55*
" Kansas City 2:35a I :0 2*
"Chicago 2:13p.. 8:47 1
a for morning; p for afternoon.
7:30 a. m. Dally Is Bakersfleld Local, stop-
ping at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:55 a. m. dally.
9:30 a. m. Monday and Thursday Is tha
CAJjXFOSNIA LIMITED, carrylajr Pal-
ace * Sleeping Cars and Dining Cars
through to Chicago. Chair car runs to Bakers-
field for accommodation ot local first-class pas-
senders. No second-class tickets are honored
on this train. Corresponding train arrives at
11:10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday.
9:30 a. m. Dally. Valley Limited. CompcslU
Car and Recltnlng Chair Car between Bakers-
field and San Francisco. Corresponding; traia
arrives at 11:10 p. m. dally.
4:00 p. m. is Stockton Local. Correspondlnc
train arrives at 11:10 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. Dally Is the Overland Express
with through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Cor-
responding train arrives at 6:23 p. m. dally.
Personally conducted parties for Kansas City.
Chicago and East leave San Francisco every
Monday. Thursday and Saturday at S p. rn.
' Offices — 611 Market street and In Ferry De-
pot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway. Oakland.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN Jtf. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIF15
BAH. WAY COMPAMTT.
Tlbnxon Forry, Foot o* Maxirt 3%
SAN rBAXCXSCO TO SAM ttATAEJ*.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 8:00. »:00. 11:00 a. m.:
12:35. 2:30. 3:40. 0:10. 8:30. 6:30 and 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:00, 9:80. 11:00 a. m.; 1:WH,
2:30, 3:40. 5:10. 6:30. 11:30 p.m.
SAW RAFAEL TO SAW 7BA2TCXSCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 6:50, 7:S5. 7:50. 9:20.
11:15 a. m.; 12:50. -2:00. 3:40. 8:00. 5:20i
6:25 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:50. 7:35. 3:20. 11:15 a. m.: 1:43.
3:40. 4:50. 6:00. 5:20, 6:10, 6:25 p. m.
•Except Saturdays.
. Leave I In Effect 1 Arrlv*
San Francisco.) May 3. 1U03. |San Frandsc*.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | tlon. | days. | Days.
7:30 « 7:45 a \7:45a
7:30 a 8:00 a 8:40 a tj:40a
8:00 a 9:30 a Ignado. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p «:20 p
6:10 p B:1O p 6:20 p 7:23 p
7:25 p
7:30 a 7:30 a 7:45 a 7:43 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Novato. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma, 6:20 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:23 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa. -
7:30 a 7:30 a 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7;-i5p 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p 7:23 p
Windsor.
7:30 a 7:30 a Heatdsburr. 10:20 a 10:20 a
- Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyservllle. 7:23 p 7:23 d
Cloverdale. ¦-,;».
7-30 ai 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:3op| and Ukiah. | 7:2Sp| 7 2&-»
7:30 al 7:30 ai Wllllta. > 7 :".j p( 7 :23 p
8:00 'al 8:00 al Camp Vacation. 110:20 alloilt) a
2:30 pi 2:30 Pi Gnernevllle. | 7:25 p| B:20 p
8:00 a) 8:00 al Sonoma. j~8:40 al 8:40 a
6:10 p| 0:10 p| G'en Ellen. | 6:00 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 7730 a I . 110:20 a|10 :20 a
2:30 pi 2:30 pi Sebastopol. I 7:23 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Spring*: at Fvltcn tor Altrurta and Mark
Wtst SprtiiEs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs;
at Geyservllle tor Skaggs Springs; at Clover-
dale for the Geysers, Boonevllle and Green-
wood; at Hopland for Duncan Springs. High-
land Springs. Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs.
Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at
Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs.
Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter Springs
Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley, John Day's
Riverside. Uerlfa. Buckneir.. Sanhedrin
Heights. Hullville. Orr^ Hot Springs. Half-
way House. Comptche. Camp Stevens. Hod*
kins. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragtr. Westport.
Usal: at WUMts for Fort Bragjr. Westport.
Sherwood, Cahto, Covello. Laytonvtlle, Cum-
mlngs. Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen'a. Dyer.
Garbervlll.e. Pepperwood. Scotia and Eureka.
Haturday to Monday round-trip ticket* at
reduced rates.
- On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half-rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chroalda
building.
H. C. WHIT1NO. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Ait
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Tis Siusiite Farrr Arrive
Saa Fran. H* >t lUrkx &. San Fran.
Week Syn- Jg^ Sun- Week
•:lfif IOiOOa \3[?B^OTSv 3:3Ur S'SOr
...¦¦¦... 11;3Oa *:3!ir
hhoLy* snly, tetw TV-nraT 9;30y.irriTt»J. 1 liSOy
T i£"L «l ** fctA * lurT St_ (North Shore Railroad;
CfTlOB | and SAUS.*uro Fhrby Foot Market St.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Svin-Bvirn
Mosquito and Insect Bites, Prickly'
Heat, Oek Poisoning and Hives cured
quickly by the prompt application of
This harmless Germicide
allays inflammation and cures by
killing the germs that cause the
trouble. Hydrozone is a standard ;
medical preparation, universally
used and endorsed by the medical
profession.
At all leading dreggists, or trial sire
bottle sent prepaid on receipt of 25 cents.
See my signature on bottle. /
Cl.O Prince St., New York
Booklet on request.
§Vim. Vigor. Vitality for Men.
JJORMON BISHOP 1 S PILJJI
bave beta in u*e over fifty
yare by the leaden of tb»
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cure th«
worrt cases In old and younjt
erlclng from effects of self,
abuce. dlrstpation, excees«i o.*
etearetie tracking. Car* Lo«t
Mar.bood. Izspotencr. Coat
Power. N'cr.t Lo5ses. Inxiro-
cis. Pains In Back. Evil Desire*. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility, Headache, Unfits ess to Mar*
ry. Lois* cf Semen. CS f\ VartcoceU or Can.
fctipatioo. Stop Ner ~ J> \JP voui Twitching ot
J. si lids. Effects are cEl»TS lmmrt:lte - lopir;
vigor and potency to every functloa.
Don't ret despondent, a car* It at hand. R».
»tcre email, undeveloped orrans. StlmnlaU
the brain and nerve centers: 60s a box; « to.*
fl SO br mail. A written ruarantet t0 cur , or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circular! fre«.
Address BISHOP REMEDT CO.. 40 ElUs at..
Ean Francisco. Cal. GRANT DRUO CO.. it
and 40 Third st. •
A visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
OF ANATOMY?
A Q) ::::KiSzi:K.ie:.£:hsrti,:.r.:ii.
X tj( The Larrett Anatomical Museum in the \
1} _, t%x« World - Wesknewei or Any contracted Q
v ffer STJ <Ji*ea->e p«*>itl'<-l 7 rB rr^ t> r the oldest W
O /£3| tpeaJistontttCcMt list. 36 yeari. Q
-A {1^*Q DR. JORCAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
1 I^Kiw Coiwultation free and ttrictljr prirale. \
0 & i4^L ti T' rx '' x "' r '\ personify ot by letter. A n
rlrtl HO Write for Book.PBILONUPnYaf A
v • if I 1 * maititiAci:. uaileo fkes. ut
/i t» }\. **luable book for n.rv.) ; 1
V tilt JORDAS A CO.. 1051 AIarkPtKt..S. F. V
Q*C3k^"O^ ; 5>' 1 Q^^*^^»^"*^V^*-^^'^i!fc»'" I^^^vC
"THE LADY IN BLACK.'' by Brvson. FREE Art Sumriement Next SundayContinued From Page Thirteen.
Business was dull on the Stock and Bond
Exchange, with sales of Alaska Packers at
$148 and Makaweli Sugar at $23. The oil
stocks were also quieter, with Home selling
at $1 .",CM| 1 40.
The Fresno-San Franct^po Oil Company has
levied an assessment of 2c, delinquent Sep
tember 10.
Ex-dlvldend yesterday: Home OH, 5c per
share, or $5000: Monte Cristo Oil, lc, or $5000;
Spring Valley Water Company, regular month
ly. 42c per share, amounting to $58,800: Cali
fornia Fruit Canners' Association, regular
monthly. 60c per share, amounting to $17,
109 60; California Powder, $1. *
The Bullion Mining Company has levied an
assessment of 5c per share, and the Union Con.
' one of 10c, both delinquent September 23.
The Calumet and Hecla Copper Mining Com
pany of Michigan has declared a regular quar
terly dividend Of $10 per share, amounting to
$1,000,000.
Stock and Bond ExcJiange.
THURSDAY, Aug. 20—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Aak. Btd.Art.
4s qr coup.. — 110 4s qr c (new) 134 1;15
4s qr reg... — 110 3s qr coup... — 107%
, ; MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 6s. — — Do con 6s. — 105
Bay CPC 5s.l04%106 O .W C sr 5s. —
Cal G & E sr • Oceanic S 6s — 82
and ct 6s.. — 105 Om C R 6». — —
Cal-st C 6s. — — Pae O Im Is - 99
C C Wat 5s. — — P E Ry 5«. — —
Ed LAP 0s — — PACR6s. — — ,
F A C H 6s. — — P A O R Cs. — — !
Geary-st 5s.,, — — Powell-st 6s. — —
H C A S 5%s — — S E GAR 5s. — —
H C & 8 5s. 96 V, 1C0 SF & SJV5sll9 120
Hon R T 6s. — 107»i S R of C 68.111 —
L A Elec 5s. — - IS P of A 61
L A Ry 5s. Ill — (1909) 107%108
1. A L C 6s. — (1910) — —
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 5s. — — <1905)Sr A. — —
LAP lem 6s. — — (1903)6r V. — —
Mkt-st C 6s. — — (1906) .... — —
. Do lem 5s.ll7% — (1912) — _
N R of C 6s. — 107>i S P C leg 5s — —
NRC(of C)5s.ll!) 120 Do stmpd.lO7« —
NPC R R 58.106 — S P B R 69. — —
N C R 5s.. — — S V Wat 6s.l07 KM
N S K 6a.. — — Do 4s 2dm. »~ 99%
O'OLH 5s. — — D*o 4s 3dm. — —
O T Co 6s.. — — Stkn GAE 6s — —
Do 6s — llt%'U GAE 53.105 108
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 60 I Port Costa.. — —
Marin Co .. — — I Spring Vol.. 83% 86
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 4 4% Sao E G & R — _
Eqult Gas... 4% 5% S F G A E. 63% —
Mutual E L. 13 13% S F Gas — —
Pac G Imp.. 51 — Stkn GAE. — —
Pac L Co... 55% 57 U G A E.... —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F O & E. 63% —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd. — —
BANK' STOCKS.
Am Natl Bk. — — Lon P A A..—
Anglo-Cal . . — — Mer Trust . . — — .
Bank of Cal. — — Merch Ex . . — _
CSD&X. — — SF Natlonl. — —
First Natlonl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S A L.. — — Sav A L So. 05 105
Hum SAL. — — Sec Sav Bk. —
Mutual Sav.. — — Union T Co. —
S F Sav U.. — —
,STREET RAILROADS.
California..— — IPresldlo — —
Geary — — I
POWDER.
Giant «7 — /Vlgorit 4'J 5%
" - SUGAR.
Hana P Co. . — — ' Kllauea S C. — — v
Hawaiian C. 43% 45 Makaweli C. 22% 24
Honokaa SO— 13% Onomca 8 C. 23% —
Hutch B P C 13% — Paaubau S C 14% —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.147%150 Oceanic S Co 7 —
Cal Fruit As — 90% Pac A F A.. — —
Cal Wine A« 97 90 Pac C ( Borx. — —
Morning Session.
- • Board —
•5 Alaska Packers Association. 14S CO
5 Makaweli .- 23 00
Michael O'Shea to Denis J. CSnea, lot on
W line of Lyon street, 25 8 of Turk. S 25 by
W* 112:6; $10.
Isabella A. Andrews to Annie E. Glazier.
lot on W line of Belvedere street, 133:9 S of
Waller, S 25 by W 120; $10.
London and San Francisco Bank (limited) to
Henry R. Newbauer, lot on S line of Sacra
mento street. 23 W of Walnut, W 89 :« by 8
100; also lot on W line of Walnut street, luo
S of Sacramento. S 71:7% by W 137:6; $10.
Jane M. and Annie Fleming to Sophie Win
ger, lot on N line of Fourteenth street, 223 W
of Valencia, W 25 by N 1C5: $10.
Mary F. Koenig to Gilbert M. Dorsey. lot
en S line of Twenty-seventh street, 130 W oJ
Sanchez. W 30 by 3 114; $10.
Annie T. Dunphy to Julius M. Israel, lot on
N line of Sutter street. 24:4 E of Leaven
worth. E 25 by N 68:9; $10.
Eliza J. and W. E. White to George D.
Shadburns Jr., lot on BE line of Howard
Etreet. 430 SW of First. SW 25 by SE 85; $10.
Edward and Mary Barry to Lizzie Barry,
lot on NE line of Ritch street. 1C*:» NW of
Townsend. NW 28:9 by NE fcO; also lot on
SE line of Clara street. 325 SW of Third. SW
25 by SE 80; $10.
Flora and Charles Kattsky, Bertha and Liz
zie Pelscr. Fannie and Edmund Rosenberg and
Solomon Pelser to Solomon Pelser, lot on NB
line of Sixth street. 90 SE of Market, SE 20
by NE 78: $1. *
Francis Lowe to Autrustn Lowe, lot on NE
line of Sixth street, 1S2 NW of Brannan. NW
2i by NE 120; gift.
Francis and Augusta Lowe to Thomas J.
Faber, name: ?10.
Daniel E. and Mary J. Anglum to J. B.
Fagothey. lot on N line of Humboldt street. 75
E of Vermont. E 5O by N 10O: $lo.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson -to J. H. and
Mary Taylor, lot on E line of Second avenue,
225 S of A street, S 23 by E 120: $lt>.
Lcul?, Edward and Rosetta Metzger to Will
iam J. Shotwell. lot en NE corner of D street
and Thirty-fifth avenue. N 43O by E 120; $10.
Solomon and Dora Geta to Bernhard Oeta.
undivided one-half of lot on E line of Thirty
sixth avenue, 2W) S of C street. 3.75 by E 120;
$10 *
Henry and Manraretha Hollman to Mary A.
Burke (wife of John M.). lot on E line of
Seventeenth avenue, 200 N of 1 street. N 25
by E 120: $10.
Alphonzo and Emma Harrington to Marga-
retha O. Black, lot on E line of Eleventh ave
nue 20O Notl street. N 25 by K 12O; $3400.
James and Catherine E. Clarke to Mary
Godfrey (wife of George T.). lot on N line of
Sagamore street.' 118:4 E of Orizaba. E 4«:8
by N 125, let 8, block C. Railroad Homestead;
Baldwin A Howell (corporation) to Percy J.
Smith, lot 14. block 7. subdivision 1. Castro
street Addition: S1O. .-.«'.
Antolne »nd Grade Dorel to T. H. O. Wal
ton lot on E-Hne of Paris street. 275 N of
Persia av*nua, N 23 by E 100. block 19, Excel
sior Homsstead; $10.
Charlott? and Lauren Gales to Abraham
and Ch&rle* Rosenstein. lot on NE line of San
Bruno avenu*. 122:3 NW of Salinas. NW
30:6%. E 145. 8 25, W 130. block 8. Garden
"Leopold 'and Sarah Weinsteln to 8. Duca*
Colo Fuel & Iron 43
Col & Hock Coal.. 300 15 14 15
Consolidated Gas . 1,700 176 175 176%
General Electric . . «O0 1C3 161 103
Inter Paper 1.4OO 13 11%' 11%
Inter Paper pfd 68
Inter Pump 1,100 35 35 34%
Inter Pump pfd .. 72%
National Biscuit 37Vi
National Lead 158 '
North American .. 5O0 76% 74% 74%
Pacific Mail ...;.. 400 21% 20% 21 %
People's Gas 4,000 94% 93 S»3%
Pressed fi Car 43
Pressed S Car pfd 80
Pullman Pal Car ..' 218
P.epubllc Steel ... .1,000 11% 11% 11%
Republic Steel pfd. / 40O 65% -65 Oft^i
Rubber Goods » 500 14% 14 14%
Rubber Goods pfd. < 200 70 69% 08%
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 3,500 42% 41 42%
U S Leather 600 8% 8 8%
U S Leather pfd . . fiOO 80% 80 80%
IT S Rubber 200 12 11% 11%-
U S Rubber pfd . . 2OO 40 40 40
U S Steel 31.600 22% 21% 22%
U S Steel pfd 11,300 71 % 70% 71%
Western Union ... 300 S3% 83 83%
Total sales 630,000
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK, Aug. 20.— United Railroads' of
Fan Francisco bond transactions: 25.000 at
NEW YORK BONDS.
D S ref 2s. reg...lO6%|L A N unified 4s »9
Do coupon 106% Mexican- Cent 4s.. 72%
:Do 3s, reg 106% Do 1st inc.... .16
Do coupon 100%lMinn & St L 4s. 97%
Do new 4s, reg. 134 M, K & T 4s 96V4
Do coupon 134 Do 2ds .' 7K%
Do old -Is. reg...lO!» N.Y Cen gen 8% 95%
• uo coupon 109 N J Cent gen 5s. 127'
Do 5s. reg 101% Northern Pac 4s.. 100%
Do coupon 101% Do 3s 70%
Atchison gen 4«.. 99% N & W con 4s... 90% !
Do adj 4s 88 Reading Gen 4s.. 94%
Bait & Ohio 4s... 100% I'tL A I M con 5s. Ill
Do 3%s ...92 Ht L & S F 4s... 92 *
Do conr 4s..... 97 15t L S W lsts... 93%
Tan Southern 2ds.lOCVi Do 2ds 73 •
Central of Ga 5s.lO4U 6 A & A P 4s 74
Do 1st lnc 75% Southern Pac 4s.. 8«
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO2% Southern Ry 5s.. .113
Chi A Alton 3%s. 72^j Texas A Pac lsts. 114%
V, B A Q new 4g. 90% T. St L &. W 4s.. 71 H
V M&StP gen 4s. 102 Uunlon Pacific 4s. 99^
C A N W con 7s.. 129 Do conv 4s 94%
C. R 1 & p 4s.. 99% Wabash lsts .....114
CCC A StL gen 4s 05'-i Do 2ds . .....104
Chicago Term 4s. 72% Do deb.B.." 59%
Colo A South 4s.. 84 West Shore 4s... 108%
i Den A Rio O 4s. . 99 Wheel AY E 4s. . 89%
Erie prior lien 4s. 96% Wlnconsln Cen 4«. 89%
Do gen 4s 82% Con Tob 4s 57%
Ft W A D. C 1st. 103 C F A I con 5s.. 80
Hocking Val 4%s. 104 Manhattan- 4s ...101%
.Rock Island 4s... 75 US Steel 5s 7SV§
Penna con 3%s.. 95%
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 10 Little Chief 06
Alice I" Ontario 650
Breece 15 Ophlr 155
Brunswick Con ..05 Phoenix 08
Comjstock Tunnel. 06% I'otosl 15-
Con Cal A Va 145 Savage 22
Horn Sliver 105 Sierra Nevada .. 70
Iron Silver 165 Small Hopes 20
Leadville Con ... 02 Standard 1J5
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Mining-
Call loans 4S4%] Adventure 6
¦Time loan* 5@6 • Allouez 6%
Bonds — Amalgamated 47
i Atchison 4g .... 97 Daly West . . 40
1 Mexican Cen 4s.. 70 Bingham 25%
Railroads , Calumet A H ..450
. Atchison 61% Centennial 19
Atchison pfd ... S8%|Copper Range 58%
Boston A Albany.246'*. Dom Coal SOU
Boston Elev 136 'Franklin 8
N Y. NH A H..195 Isle Royale 7
Fltchburg pfd ...124 Mohawk 41%
Union Pacific .... 75J/4 Old Dom 9%
I Mexican Cen 14% Osceola 57
Miscellaneous — Parrot 19%
Amer Sugar 116 Qulncy 95
Amer Sugar pfd.. 118 Santa Fe Cop 1%
Amer Tel A T 133% Tamarack 100
Dom Iron AS... D'.i Trlmountaln 80
I General Electric.162 Trinity 5%
I Mass Elec 21% I United States .. 14%
i Mass Elec pfd... 79% i Utah 27
i United Fruit 95% I Victoria^ 4
U S Steel 22%jWlnona 8U
0 S Steel pfd ... 71 Wolverine 68 '
Westnghse Com... SO 1 •'
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Cons for money. 90 ,N Y Central 125%
Do for acct... 90 9-16 Norfolk AW.. 63%
Anaconda 3%|Nor & West pfd. 88%
Atchison C2% Ontario &. West.. 23%
Atchlson pfd 02 Pennsylvania ti'Hi'
Baltimore & O... 83%!Rand Mines Silk
Canadian Pac ..127% Reading 2S
Ches & Ohio 111 Reading lstipM.. 4,1%,
Chicago G W 17 Vi Reading 2d pfd... :?5
Chi, M A St P..14U I Southern Ry 22«
De Beers lit% So Ry rfd ...... Jj7.
Denver & K G.. 24% So Pacific 45%
Den & R G pfd. 79% Union Pacific ... 7U% 1
Erie 29 IT n ion Pac pfd... 89
Erie 1st prd 68% U S Steel 23
Erie 2d pfd 52 II S Steel pfd .. 72%
Illinois Central ..137 Wabash 22%
Louisville A N ..107 Wabash prd .... 36'
Mo. K A Tex 20
• Bar silver, steady. 25%d per ounce. Money.
1%91% per cent. The rate of discount 1n the
open market for nhort bills Is 2% per cent, and
lor three months' bills is 2% per cent.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Aug. 20.— FLOUR— Receipts
21,000; exports, 13.780 barrels. Neglected and
i nominally lower.
WHEAT— Receipts. 31,600 bushels. Spot.
easier: No. 2 red. 84«4c elevator and 8(i%c
j f. o. b. afloat: No. 1 Northern Duluth, 04V4O
! f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba, 04 14c
f. o. b. afloat. Options experienced a sharp
I decline again this morning under a free selling
for spot account, actuated ., by tbe bearish
• Northwest market, unsatisfactory cables,- pcor
export demand and prospects for Increased
I cprlnR receipts. The close was dull and easy
at %@%c net decline. May, 87%®S8%c, closed
88%c; September. 85%©SG%c. closed 85%c-
December. 80U ©87c, closed 80%c.
HOPS— Firm.
WOOL— Firm.
HIDES— Steady.
PETROLEUM— Steady.
COFFEE — Spot, qu'et. Futures closed 5®10
points lower. Sale*. 32,300 hags. Including:
September, 3.80c: November, 4c; December,
4.40c; March, 4.65c; May. 4.75©4.80c; July,
4.S5c.
SUGAR— Raw. firm.
- DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market is
weak under a light demand. Common, 4®5%c;
prime. 6%®«c; choice 6V4®6%c; fancy, 0%
@7%c.
PRUNES-»-Spot prunes are in fair demand
and prices rule generally firm, particularly on
the larger sizes. Quotations range fromi 3c to
7c for all grades.
APRICOTS — Are firm, with a fair demand
reported for 1 choice fruit. New crops, choice
9 1 /i©9%c; old crop, choice 8%@8%c; fancy, 12c.
PEACHES^ — Are In fair demand and rule
about firm; choice. 7@7%c; fancy, 8<&10%e.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. Aug. 20.— Trading In wheat wa»
of a light character and a nervous feeling pre
vailed. Favorable weather In the Northwest,
together with Indifferent cables, caused much
commission house selling at the start and open
ing prices were weak, September being do*fh
%c at 80% to 80%c. Everything seemed to
favor the bears, outside markets being lower,
while the primary receipts wero large and crop
advices favorable. With ' little demand the
market gradually declined until September had
touched 79%c, when buying orders became
more numerous and a rally ensued. The latter
part of the session was dull and featureless,
but prices held about steady. September closed
%@%c lower at 60%©SO%c.
There was only a small trade In corn and
prices were lower under the Influence of con
tinued favorable weather in wheat. Heavi
nens prevailed the latter part of the sc^alon
and September closed lc lower at 51c after
felling between 50%<?51%c. December closed
at 51 %e, a loss of %c.
Oats were again relatively steady, although
the weakness In wheat and corn had s6me
effect. After ranging between 34VsO34Vic
and 34%c. September closed at 34%c. a gain
of %c. December was also up %c, closing at
36?ic.
Provision were firm, chiefly because of a let
up in the telling pressure, which had been In
evidence recently. There was a good de
mand for ribs early, and with a small run 01
hogs and a stronger market at' the yards, pro
visions prices advanced materially and held
well throughout the day. September pork
closed 25c higher, September lard was up 20c
and ribs were up 20 cents.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles. Opea High. Low. dose
Wheat, No. 2— ' '
September, -old. 80% 80% go 80%
September, new 80% 80% 79T4 got?
December '. 81% 81% " 80% Kl%
May S3% 83% 82% 83%
Corn, No. 2— \
September 61% 01% 60»; 51 ¦'¦¦
December 51% 61% 51% 61%
May 52% 62% 51% 52
Oats, No. 2—
September 34% 34% 34% 31%
December 36% 30% 36 3«3i
May 38 38% 37% ..v 3SV?
Mees .pork, per bbl—
September 12 60 12 77% 12 57% 12 77%.
October 12 07% 12 85 12 67% 12 85
Lard, per 100 lbs—
September 7 80 8 0O 7S0 8 00
October ....... 7 50 7 60 . 7 60 . 7 60
Short ribs, per 100 lbs —
September 7 42% • 7 55 • 7 42% 7 55"
October 7 55 7 62% 7 57% 7 62%
Cash quotations Were as follows: Flour,,
quiet; No.' 2 ¦ sprinr wheat,- 82®S4e; No. - 3,
78381c: No. 2 red. 79%©S0c: No. 2 corn. 514ic:
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
'. . . Exchange and Bullion.
j The . steamer Sonoma, which sailed from
, Sydney on the 17th for this port, brings 'about
. $1,750,000 In sovereigns.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — $4 83%
Sterling Exchange, . right' — 4 S6ii
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 8"V*
Now York Exchange, sight — 7%
Nf-w York Exchange, telegraphic — 10
SHVer, pec ounce — 6,»,t'
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 42 '
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — Chicago declined, hut recovered
somewhat toward the close. The bulls of the
day before were selling, and the market was
heavy on bear news frcm the Northwest, th«
crop returns .being better, the weather perfect
and foreign cables slow. Threnhing reports
were generally favorable. St. Louis reported
higher cable bids from the Continent and a
good outside demand.
Bolton. de Ruyter & Co.'s Chicago wires
said: "The weather is fine for harvesting' In
the Northwest. The Northwestern Miller
figuring on the same basis of acreage used by
the Commercial West, estimates the North
western croo at 155,000,000, or .'fO.OOO.OOO be
low last year. Price Current estimates total
crop at 670,000,000, or same as last year. St
Louis sharply Increased its premium for cash
.Wheat and Kansas City was steady and un
changed. Exporters report continental bids on
Wheat Increasing. As whatever export busi
ness done must practically be done In the
Southwest, It 'is rather difficult to ascertain
the amount. Clearances for the day, however,
! .were nothing. Weather in United Kingdom
continues unfavorable and European crop re
ports generally are rather disappointing
Liquidation In this market has been general
and considerable short interest created. Pri
mary receipts are below last year and likely
to continue so. We are still of the view that
the cash position will control the market and
that speculators will be forced to adjust them
selves thereto. In the natural course and with
the action" of foreign markets export demand
should Increase. We advise purchasing Wheat
on the breaks." . ..
This market showed no change, either In
futures or cash grain.
CASH WHEAT.
¦ California Club, $1 45@1 50; California
White Australian, $1 55@1 CO; Northern Club
$1 45@1 50; Northern Blue Stem, $1 55S1 57%'
Oregon Valley. $1 62%. ™*
'¦ FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close
December ..:$1 46% $1 47 $1 46% $i 47
2 p. m. Session.
Opftn. High. Low. Close.
December'. ..$1 47 $1 47 ?1 4C% $1 40%
BARLEY — The market continued to Improve.
Futures were higher and the cash Brain was
alBO in demand, with sales of Feed at $1 11%
Chevalier has also advanced.
CASH BARLEY. >
Feed, $1 08%@l 11*4: Shipping and Brew-
Ing. $1 12%@1 17%; Chevalier. $l 20@i 50 for
fair to choice.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. - Low. Close
December ...$1 07% H 00% $1 07% $1 ojjij
2 p. m. Session.
* . ' Open. High. Low. Close
December ...$1 09 $100% $1.00 $1 wni
OATS — Red are. quoted higher. the^Govern
ment being in the market again for bids for
1200 tons. The other descriptions are steady
and unchanged. '
White. $1 20®l 30; Black, $1 3001 45; Red
$1 15@1 22% for common and $1 2501 35 for
choice: Gray,' nominal.
CORN— There is no change in this market.
The situation is still firm.
Western, sacked, $1500162% for Yellow
and $1 47%@1 50 for mixed; California large
Yellow, $1 67%©1 U2%: small round do, $1 70
©1 75; White, $1 65 per ctl.
RYE— $1 17%@1 25 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25@2 50 per ctl.
¦Flour and-Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 60®
4 85, usual terms: Bakers' Extras. $4 50@4 «o-
Oregon and Washington, $3 90®4 20 per bbl
for family and S3 90@4 40 for Bakers.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices ¦ in _ packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, $3 50 per 100 lbs: Rye
Flour $3 25: Rye .Meal, $3; Rice Flour, $7-
Corn Meal, $3 00; extra cream do. $4 25; Oat
¦Groats. $4 50; Hominy. $4 2504 50; Buckwheat
Flour. $4 50@4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 78; Fa
rina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 75; Rolled
Oats, bbls, $7@8 60; in sacks. $0 80® 8 10;
Poarl Barley. $6: Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas, $5 60 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Previous prices rule ' for everything. Bran
and Middlings continue firm; but the demand
Is reported b»ps active. -Hay- is firm for choice
and rather weak for the lower grades. ;._- -
BRAN— $24 60®25 50 per. ten.
MIDDLINGS— $27®3O per ton. .
* - SHORTS — $24025 per ton. . ? . , \.
' FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $23024 per
ton: Oilnake Meal at the mill. $20@~20 60; Job-
Street —
70 Honokaa Co 18 00
Afternoon Session.
25 Hutchinson S. P. Ox 13 60
35 Pacific Gas Imp 51 25
5 S. V. Water . ...-«... 85 12%
1000 S. V. 6 per cent bond* 108 OO
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stock— -~ Bid. Asked.
Caribou Oil Co ;. 73 8O
Four Oil 70
Hanford Oil 130 00
Home Oil 133 1 4f>
Imperial Oil 19 00
Independence Otl . 17 13
Junction Oil 21
Kern Oil SO) S 50
Lion Oil 03
Monte Cristo Oil 77% 85
Monarch Oil 69 57
Oil City Petroleum 3O
Peerless oil 13 8O 14 »
Reed Crude Oil 40 ,41?
San Joaquin Oil 8 60 .....
Sterling Oil 3 00
Thirty- three Oil 8 00
Twenty-eight Oil 3 80
Union Oil 6R 00
United Petroleum 11* OO
West Shore Oil 3 00 3 2S
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land A Improvement. 1 25 1 BO
Alameda Sugar . 29 00
American Biscuit 8500 9000
American District Tel
Bay Counties Power .....
Cal. Central Gas & Electric
Cal. Cotton Mills 85 00
Cal. Jockey Club 105 00
Cal. Powder .....
Cal. Shipping Co '. 25 00
Cal. Title Ina. and Trust ... ISO 00 140 OO
Central Bank of Oakland 60 00
Chutes Company 8 60
City & County Bank
Cypress Lamp Imp Co 6 60
Eastern Dynamite
, Ewa Sugar Plantation
Gas Consumers' Association. ..... 22 5fl
Honolulu Sugar 20 00
London & S F Bank (Ltd)... .....
Mercantile Trust
Northern Cal. Power 9 50
Nevada. National Bank .
North Shore Railroad 8 00 8 CO
Orpheum Company 15 00
Pacific States Tel. & T«l 122 60
Paraffin* Paint ...3300
Postal Device & Improvement
San Francisco Dry Dock.... 47 OO
Sausalitn Land & Ferry 1« OO
Pperry Flour Company .... 27 50 30 CO
Standard Electric IS 00
Truckee Electric 13 23 1« OO
Union Sugar 225O
United Gas A Electric 3* 50 .T...
, Wectern Fish Co ....•
OFFICIAL SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
1 Hanford 130 00
! 350 HoAe 133
20O Home 1 3O
10O Sovereign 3S
4 Hanford •. .135 OO
200 Home 132%
Street —
225 Home 140
Afternoon Sales.
100 Home 13.%
1000 Junction 2O
300 Oil City Petroleum 23
Street —
1 500 Home 1 33
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were th# sales on the San Fran«
dsco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornin«r Session.
ino Belcher 34 20O Savage . . . ,_ 15
100 C C & Va ..1 30 B0 Silver Hill 7. «3
300 Gould & C. 38 200 Union Con .. 17
100 Mexican 1 15
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 34 200 Con NT.... IS
100 Caledonia ....1 10 «0O Exchequer ... ©«
100 Caledonia ....1 OS Btt> Julia 03
600 Chollar IS 200 Ophlr , 1 T3
1400 Con Imperial. 04 300 Savage 19
10O Con NY.... 14 300 Silver Hill .. TO
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
The following were the sales on the Paclfle
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornlrur Session.
300 Chollar 19i 2ftO Mexican ....115
100 C C & Va.l 27% 5OO Occidental .. 42
20O0 Con Imp 04 200 Ophir 1 7O
500 Crown P loi 3no Savage 1»
300 Gould & C . . 33( 40O Union Con . . 77
Afternoon Session. '
200 Belcher 34 200 Mexican ...112%
100 Caledonia ....1 in ion Ophir 1 72%
100 C C & Va 1 30 ."SOO Savage 17
10O C C & Va.,1 32% 20O Sliver Hill ... TO
400 Exchequer ...* 06 20O Silver Hill .. OT
400 Exchequer ... 05 20O Union Con .. 74
200 Gould & C . . 34 600 Utah 25
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
The following were the sales on th« Saa
Francisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yes
terday: •
Moraine Session.
200 Dutch 15 100 Ton. * Cal... S«
1000 MacNamara . 20 1C0 Ton Midway. 44
400 Montana 11*100 Ton Midway.. 45
100 Pine Grove .. 55 1300 Ton N Star... 47
100 Rescue 10
Afternoon Session.
100 Montana ... .1 10 IOOO United Ton.. 15
100 Pine Grove .. 54 300 Ton N Star... 47
200 Ton & Cal... 36
y: CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. Aug. 20—4 p. m.
Bld.Ask.. Bld.AsK.
Alpha 06 C8 Julia 02 04
Alta 04 07'Justice 11 13
Andes 16 17'Kentuck 02 03
Belcher 33 34 Mexican 1 10 1 2<>
Best & Belch.l 65 1 75;OccIdental ... 42 4.1
Bullion 03 05 Ophir 1 7O 1 75
Caledonia ...1 C5 1 10 Overman .... 30 32
Challenge Con 30 34 Potosl 1* 19
Chollar IS 19 Savage A IS 17
Confidence ...1 00 1 05 Fcorplon ..... C2 04
Con Cal A V.I 30 1 35 Seg Belcher.. 10 It
Con Imperial. OT 05 Sierra Nev... «B eft
Con N Y 13 14 Silver Hill .. 6» 70
Crown Point. 16 17;St. Louis ... 1« IS
Eureka Con.. — ' 45 Syndicate ... — 0«
Exchequer ... 06 06iUnlon Con .. T4 75
Gould & Cur. 34 35!Utah 24 25
Hale A Nor.. 45 ."in Yellow Jack.. M 69
Lady Wash... — Ottl
TONOPAH MINES.
Bld.Ask. 1 Bld.Ask.
Esperanza ... 0.'! 04 Rescue 10 .14'
Gipsy Queen.. 2t> 27: Ton Belmont.1 73 1 95
Gold Mount.. — 12 Ton A Cal... 39 37
Hannapah ... 24 25 ; Ton Fraction. — 75
Lucky Tom... — 15|Ton A G W.. — 1O
MacNamara .. — 21 iTon of Nev..6 0O T M
Mlzpah Ex .. — ."{.*> Ton N Star.. 46 49
Mont Ton...l 07% 1 10'Mldway 43 48
N Y Ton ... — 10 Ton & S Lake — 65
Paymaster ... — 25 United Tbn ..15 —
Pine Grove... — MlUtopia — M
bing. $27@27 50; Cocoanut Cake, $21022;
Corn Meal, $33 50@34 50; Cracked Corn, J34@
35; Mixed Feed,' ?23@24; Horse Beans, $2S@3O
per ton. * \,
HAY— Wheat, $12014 50: Wheat and Oat.
$11@13 5O: Oat, $10@13; Wild Oat, $9 6O<g>
il 50; Barley, '$9@11; Clover, $8 50@U; Stock,
$8@0; Alfalfa, $S@10 50 per ton.
STRAW — 10@60c per bale. . t
Beans and Seeds.
Beans continue quiet at unchanged quota
tions and there Is no movement of any conse
quence In Seeds.
BEANS— liayos. $3: Pea, $3 25; Butters.
$3 25; small White, $2 75@3 10; large White,
$2 75«f2 85: Pink. $2 85®3; Red. $2 90@3.
Lima. $3 25@3 50; Red Kidneys, nominal;
Blackeye. ?2 50©2 75 per ctl; Horse Beans.
if. 40@l 50.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $1 70@l 80; Canary,
5#5%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape.
!%@2%c; Timothy. 606%c; Hemp. 3%©3%c
per lb: Millet, 3@3%c; Broom CornlBeed, fju©
23 Der ton.
DRIED PEAS— Green. $1 80©2 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Receipts of river Potatoes were moderate
and the market continued active at unchanged
prices under a good demand for shipping and
local use. Salinas Burbanks were well cleaned
up and firm. Five cars are expected for to
day's market. There, were no Merced . Sweet
Potatoes received, but 'offerings from other sec
tions sold well at previous prices. Onions were
moderately active and steady for fancy, but
weak for common offerings.
Receipts of Tomatoes were less liberal than
on the preceding day, but were easier, the high
prices having checked the demand. A few
email lots of fancy sold at $2 per box, but the
general run of supplies sold within the quoted
range of prices. There was very little In
quiry for String and Wax Beans and prices
were largely nominal. Cucumbers, Summer
Squash and Green Corn were fairly steady,
but other descriptions were in free supply and
dull. . ,
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river, 75c®
$1 10 per ctl in sacks and $1@1 50 la boxes,
¦with some fancy higher; Salinas Burbanks.
$1 5o@l 75 per ctl: Early Rose, 80c@$l^, Garnet
Chiles. $1@1 10; Sweet Potattres, 2%®3%o per
pound. ' ¦ ¦¦-
ONIONS— «0@75c per ctl.
VEGETABLE&r-Grecn Corn, '$1©1 50 per
sack: crates from Alameda. $l@l 75; from
Berkeley. $1@1 25; Green Peas, 3@4o per lb;
String Beans, l<S2%c Der lb; Wax. 1%®3c;
Lima Beans. 2@2%c per lb: Tomatoes, $ I 2."V@
1 .75 per box; Summer Squash, 30@40c-per box-
Cabbage, 75c@$l per ctl; Carrots, 75c@$l per
sack; Cucumbers, :{5<2>50c per box: Pickle Cu
cumbers, $1 25@1 65 per box for No. 1 and 75a
&tl for others; Garlic. 2®3c per lb; Green Pep
pers, 25®40c per box or sack for Chile and
::0®40e for Bell; Green Okra. 30@50e per box-
Egg Plant. 40@^0c per box; Marrowfat Squash
$20 per ton.
Poultry and. Game.
.Poultry ruled easy under a limited demand
and heavy supplies. Two cars of Western were
! on sale and met with a fair demand at good
prices. There .were liberal receipts of domestic
and large old stock continued to command good
prices. Young stock was dull and quotations
had a sharp decline owing to the smallness of
most of the offerings. Another car of Western
is scheduled for to-day*s market. Game ar>
rived freely and was weak in sympathy with
Poultry, and Hare were quoted lower.
- POULTRY — Live Turkeys, nominalj Geese,
per . pair, $1 25@1 60; Goslings, $1 50® 1 75;
Ducks, $3@4 per dozen for old and $3@4 50
for young; Hens, $4® 5; young Roosters, $4® 1
5; ,old Roosters, $4 50@5; Fryers. $3©3 60:
Broilers, $3@3 50 for large and $2@2 50
for small: Pigeons, $1 50 per dozen -for old
and SI 50@l 75 for Sq&abs.
GAME— Rabbits, fl 25@1 75 per dozen-
Hare, $1@1 25; Wild Doves. 75c per dozen.
. Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter rules steady at the recent advance
and Is selling oft very well, though the de
mand is not especially eharp. Some houses
which are carrying large stocks report th«
market dull and easy.
Cheese remains as before quoted. The mar
ket is well supplied and trade Is not brisk.
The firmness in Eggs continues and soms
dealers are trying to obtain an advance. Stocks
continue moderate. Store Eggs have advanced
again and the inside quotations for ranch have
been moved up somewhat, as will be seen.
Receipts were 15,600 lbs Butter, 721 cases
Kggs and 87,600 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER^-Creame'ry 26(S v 2Sc; dairy 22%®
20c; Btore Butter. 17<g20c; Eastern, 22@24c.
CHEESE — New, 12«13c; Young America, II
<S15c; Eastern, 15%@16c; Western, 14@15c
per lb.
EGGS — Ranch. 2SO29c for large white select
ed and 20®27%c for good to choice; store,
22%fi26c; cold storage. 25c; Eastern. lSf24c
per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The Fruit market had an easier ton* than
on the preceding day. there being very little
Inquiry for shipping and less snap to the local
trade. The local demand was brisk during a
few hours In the morning, particularly for flno j
table Peaches. Pears and fancy . Gravensteln
Apples in ¦ four-tier boxes, but during the |
greater part of the day the market was lifeless
and presented a topheavy appearance There
was very little demand for Fruit in bulk, as
tho cannera were indifferent buyers, being lib
erally supplied with contract stock. Pears con
tinued steady under, light receipts, while there
was no- Inquiry whatever for Peaches. Oood
canning Plums would sell readily at $20^23
per ton, but there were not enough In the
market for a quotation. Plums and common
Apples were In free supply and were hard to
'sell. Nectarines of good quality met with
prompt sale at good figures. There was a
good showing of second crop Figs from Vaca
ville and Sonoma and prices ranged lower.
Grapes in small packages were dull, while of
ferings In large open boxes sold oft well. About
200 boxes of Zlnfandel Wine Grapes came in'
from Antloch and were offering at $28 per ton,
with no takers. Cantaloupes and Nutmeg
Melons arrived freely from the river districts
and -were easy at a lower range of prices.
Watermelons were fairly active and steady,
the market being pretty well cleaned up.
There were liberal receipts of Strawberries and
Blackberries, and as most of the receipts
were of poor quality prices ranged . lower.
Raspberries cleaned up quickly at good prices.
Pomegranates appeared from Oroville and were
offering at 75c@$l per small box, but found
few buyers, owing to the greenness and small
size of the fruit.
Citrus and . Tropical Fruits were In ample
supply and prices had no quotable change*.
STRAWBERRIES — l»ngworths, nominal;
other varieties, $2 50®5 per chest.
• RASPBERRIES— $7J?9 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $2@4 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 6(37%c per lb.
APPLES — *5c®$l 15 per box for lancy. 60®
75c for good to choice and 25940c for common:
Crabapples, 3O@40c for small boxes and 50@65c
for larse.
PEARS — Bartletts, S5cjJ$l 25 for fancy and
40® 75c for No. 2; per ton. $22 50@35.
FIGS— 50c<3*l per box.
PLUMS — 5u$tt>5c per crate and 30©40c per
box; large open boxes, 40@75c; per ton. .
NECTARINES — 75©00c per crate and 5Oc
per box.
PEACHES — 40@6Oo for small boxes and 66@
75c for carriers; large open boxes. 60c@$l; per
MELONS— Cantaloupes. 50c®$l 25 per crate;
Nutmeg Melons. 85©50c per bpx; Watermelons,
$3ijT20 per hundred;
GRAPES— Seedless. 5Q®S5c per box or crate;
Muscat 50075c per box or crate and $1@1 25
for large open boxes; Fontalnebleau,' 35®50o
per box or crate: Tokay. COc©l per box or
crate- Black 60@S5c per box or crate and $1 25
@1 35 for large open boxes; Sweetwater in
large open boxes." 75c®$l. " '
CITRUS FRUITS — xsavel Oranges. $1 50®
2 50 per box; Seedlings, $1@1 25: Valenclas.
S2&3- St. Michael. $2@3; Mediterranean
Sweets $1 255J1 50; Lemons. 50c©?2 50; Grape
Fruit $1©1 25; Mexican Limes, *1@4 50; Ba
nanas'. $1®2 50 per bunch; Pineapples. $2®3
per dozen.
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisins,Honey
NEW FRUIT— Apricots, 6%<g9c for Royals
and OiilOo for Moorparksi; Evaporated Apples.
6%iftU%c: Peaches, 4%@7c for fair to good
stock* Pears, nominal at 7c.
OLD FRUIT — Evaporated Apples, 4©5%c;
sun-dried, 3ffl4c; Nectarines, 4@5c for white;
Plums 4@«c for pitted andl@l%o for unplt
ted- Flg». 3%@-la '<"• black and 4 © 5c for white.
PRUNES— 1002 crop. 2%@2%c for tho four
sizes, with %®lc premium for the large sizes.
RAISINS— 1802 crop* are quoted as follows:
2-crown loose Muscatels, 50-1 b boxes, 5%o per
lb- 3-crown, 59ic; 4-crown. 6c: Seedless, loose
Muscatels, 6C; Seedless Sultanas, 5c; Seedless
Thompson?, 6%c; 2-crown London Layers. 20
ib boxes $140 per box; 3-crown, $1 50: t
crown fancy cluster*, 20-lb boxes. $2; 2-crown
Dchesas, 20-lb boxes, $2 50; 6-crown Imperials,
20-lb boxes, $3: Seeded, f. o. b. Fresno, fancy.
1-lb cartons, 7%c: choice, 7%c. -„,,«.»
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 12%f?13c;
No 2. 10%@ll%c: No. 1 hardshell. ll%@12c;
No 2 10(S10%c: new Almonds, lie for Nonpa
reil's 10%c for I X L, lOWc for Ne Plus Ul
tra and 8%c for Languedoc: Peanuts, 5@7c
for Eastern; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts. $4 50
® HONEY— Comb. new. 12M^13%c for white
and lie for amber: new water white extracted,
6%®(!c; light amber extracted. 6©5%c; dark,
4%©4%c. ' ' ' ' • • -
BEESWAX— 27(S20c per lb.
Provisions.
:" Chicago was higher on the day. This mar
ket was quiet and unchanged.
The ' Chicago wires of Bolton de Ruyter &
Co said: "Market firm and higher. Lighter
receipts of Hogs at. Western market* and re
ported material Improvement In the export de
mand for Lard were the causes. This caused
quite a free covering of local shorts. ¦ . Outside
speculative . Interest still small. Provisions
have had a long and steady decline and some
improvement and tome reaction would certain
ly seem due. On any material advance, how
ever we think they should.be sold."
ctiRED MEAT8— Bacon. I2%o per lb for
heavy, 13c for light medium, 15c for light,
NEW TORK. Aug. 20. — There waS mor<»
selling of stocks this morning of the same
character as that of yesterday and lijtle resist
ance was offered. Prices in consequence, de
clined easily during the morning, and ineffec
tive inroads were made, upon the sharp ad
vances from the low level of the year which
had been achieved last week. The' reaction
has run to about 6 points in Rock Island and
Amalgamated, which were the late leaders of
the upward movement, and which have,' in
turn, led the downward movement. ! The very
large volume of the trading In Rock Island
at the top level causes a belief that a | largs
distribution of stock was effected by insiders
at that level, and has given rise to the suppo
sition in some quarters that the general, mar
ket was ui.il-r manipulation to facilitate this
operation. There was no sign any longer of
the powerful support and resistance to de
cline which helped the market upward In the
first stages of the recovery. This was ac-
I cepted by the purely speculative contingent
I as an Intimation that great banking lnsti
tutionb and influential capitalists do not
favor i further advance In prices nor an
active speculation at this time. There Is an
expectation in consequence that a i>eriod of
dullness and sluggish fluctuation lies before
the market. The rate at which the recovery
was proceeding and the extent of the specu
lative commitments which were being made
seemed to arouse apprehensions of renewed
enta.nglemer.ts which the coming requirements
upon the money market might make hazard
ous. Special significance was attached -to the
decrease of 2% in Amalgamated Copper, of 2
points in St. Paul and 4 points in Consolidated
t?as, owing to the ixjpular conception in Wall
i street that the course of these particular
stocks represents the attitude of (Standard Oil
capitalists in .the market aad.on tbe. financial
situation. The money situation is 'carefully
watched from day to day for the develop
ment of the Interior demand for currency.
Shipments to the interior have been on a
larger scale this week than last, and the bal
ance rray turn against New York at any time.
Call loan rates continue very easy, but the
time money market is hardening appreciably.
The banks point out that it is their purpose
to conserve their resources for regular com
mercial needs, and the quoted rates repre
sent the terms for those purposes. Hates oth
erwise are a matter of private exchange. The
stock market contingent is still inclined to dis
appointment over the doubt9 expressed as to
currency legislation at the coming session of
Congress. The day's movement in the grain
I and cotton markets was favorable to stocks,
the decline in prices there Indicating improved
chances for the crops. The tone of sentiment
in tb/e iron trade was more cheerful to-day,
report* Indicating that the downward course
of prices has caused some increased demand
at last. The attendance at the Stock Exchange
was reduced by visit? to the yacht races, and
after the race was under way the interest on
the floor was largely diverted to bulletin!) on
the race. With the decrease in the activity of j
the market a large short Interest was left un
covered, which showed gathering concern as
the day progressed. Prices recovered steadily
and on small dealinga. and closed steady at
about the* be«t of the day. Net gains of a :
point or more are shown by a number of the
Pacifies and trunk lines, Atchison rising 2
over last nijlit.
Bonds were Irregular and turned heavy after
the opening. Total sales, par value, $ 1,322,000.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
call.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 8,000 (52 69>£ Cl%
Atchison pfd 1,800 M> 88V, 89
Baltimore & Ohio. 11.400 &:{ 81 U. 82%
BaH & Ohio pfd... 1.400 87% 87 86%
Canadian Pacific .. • 4.700 125% 124 124Va
Cent of New Jersey 200 100 ICO 159
Ches & Ohio . ... 4.SWJ :«% :i'2% 32%
Chicago & Alton... 400 22 21% 22'
Chi & Alton pfd C2'4
Chicago & Gt West 1,700 1C% 16 i«»i
C &. <i W B pfd.. 100 29 29 28fi
Chicago & N W.. 1.400 Ift4% 1C2 1041,
Chi Term Sc Trans 10?i
Chi T & T pfd 20
C C C & St L 1,600 74% 73 74
Colorado Southern.. 700 14% 14 \ 14V4
Colo So 1st pfd COO 62 81 \ 51 %
Colo Ko 2d pfd S00 22^' 21% 22
iK-la & Hudson 300 162% 162 105
Dei I.ar k & West 235
Denver & Rio G... 300 24 23% 24%
Den & Rio G pfd 75~i
Erie SS.200 29% 27% 23%'
Erie 1st pfd 4,100 07 60 C6%
'Krie 2d rfd 400 51% 50 51%
Great Northern pfd 105
Hocking Valley «8
Hocking Valley pM 7C i
Illinois Central ... 1,100 133 132% 132%
Iowa Central 300 22 21 21
luwa Central pfd 38
K C Southern .... 21 U
K C Southern pfd 30
Louiev & NashV.. 2.000 105 103% 104 •.;
Manhattan L . ... 2,000.-134% 132% 134
Mttropol S-.treet Ry 1.200 114 112% li:{»i
Minn & St Louis M
Mifsourl Pacific ..39,700 03% 01% »:{%
Mis Kaiifc & Tcs.. 700 19 % 10 l'A.
M K & T pfd I.S00 41% 40% 4l4i
N R XI of Mex pfd L300 40 SS%, 40
N Y Central 8//K) 12.:% 120»i 123%
Norrolk 6c West .. l/SOO (!2% 01% 02%
Nor & Weft pfd 80
Ontario & Western 300 23% 22% 23% ,
Pennsylvania . ... 10.000 123 123 1201.
P C C & Bt L 100 C2 C2 02
Reading 35.000 55%' 53% 65%
Reading 1st pfd S0?i
Reading 2d pfd 68 •
Hock Island 55,400 27% 25% 27%
Rock Island pfd... 700 C4 C2% C2U
Ft L & S F 1st pfd 70
St L & S F 2d pfd 1.500 51% 4H% 51 1>
St Louis S W 700 J6*4 15 15%
ft LS W pfd 1.300 33% 31*; S3
St Paul ....54,100 142 139% 141%
ft Paul pfd....; m%
Southern Pacific .. 17.000 45% .43% 45
Bouthcrn Railway . 12.300 22% 21% 22%
Southern Ry pfd... TOO 83% 83% 83
Texan & Pacific... 5,500 2ti% 25»/. 2C%
Tol St L & West.. 100 22 22 21%
Tol St L & W pfd 200 28 2S% 29%
xrnlon Pacific 72,400 75% 73% 75?i
ITnion Paclrtc pfd.. 100 (S«% 80% 8<(
Wabash 1.200 22 21% 22%
Wabash pfd . ..... 4,100 :&% 34 35
i Whe«l & Lake Erie 500 1«% 15% 16
Wisconsin Central. 200 18% 18 10
Wls Cent pM 100 C5% 35% 3S%
Express Companies —
Adams 222
American 2OO 180 180 18O
I'nlted States Joe
Wells-Fargo -.» ...- .... 2wO •
Miscellaneous —
Airal Copper 78.400 47% 44% 47W
Am Car * K 800 . 32% 32Vi 32
Am Car & F pfd.. 83.
Am Unwefl Oil 300 9% 9% 9%
Am Llnse'fl Oil pfd 42
Am Locomotive ... 600 18% 18Vi l*»«i
Am Locomotive pfd ' M
Am 8 & Ref 1.300 45%.. 44% »5W
Am 8 & Ref pM.. 2,200 00 by 89%
Am Sugar' Ref 0,300 11«>4 114 1]«
Ana Mining; Co «OO 75 74 75 '
Uklvn Rapid Tran. 7,600 45% 43% 45%
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Santa Kosa 78 42 .. Clear
Stockton S2 61 .. Clear
Willows 1H> 57 .. Clear S
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Willows — Codlin moth damaged pears to
tome extent.
l'alermo — Weather favorable for all crop«.
C'jlusa — All fruits in good condition.
HoKister — Crop of Winter Nellis pears larger
than last year.
Llvermore— Grapes less Injured by heat than
at ttrat thought.
Cloverdale — Green oranges falling; prospect
for short crop.
Xaj a — No change in conditions.
Santa Maria — Series of warm days ripening
beins too fast; other crops unchanged.
Hanford— Excellent weather for drying; fruit
crop In good shape.
Santa Itcsa — 1'rune drying commenced; crop
larger than expected.
Stockton — First carload Tokay grapes
shipped yesterday for the East.
A. ti. McADIE. Section Director.
" The exports of Quicksilver from San Fran
drco by ««a during thf month of July were us
follows :"
Xo FlaskF. Values.
Mexico 250 $10,875
Japan VM 4.1UU
i Totrar America. 4« W»J
Korea 1<> "\
Hiitlsh Columbia 3 . **•
Total* ~4«i $17.KiO
In July, 1PC2. the exports were 375 flasks,
xaiued at $16..'.M). The receipts at San Kran
cltco Ust mor.th were 1CS4 flafiks. against
lt.<T« flasks In July. IShC
Trade and Crop Prospects.
Opinions of leading barkers as reported from
fell parts of the West and South:
rak «c noblnson cf New Ynrk and Boston
reccctlv SiidreFftd inquiries to the officials i
cf & number ct the lending banks and trust. |
cotnpaniet, throughout the cfiur.try relative to ¦
traue anii'crop cond'.tior.s anJ t'n.«j>ects. Most
of the rejiiieg have l«?tn decidedly favorable.
esj>ecie!l> as to busintss conditions. As they
have t*on made after mature consideration !>y
nifs who have every reason to know ronai
uuse. they are of special interest at this time.
They unenimously report general buslress In
excellent con<iition and n>"t affected by the re
rent decline in Wall street. The following are
goi.<l samples of the wh<»le:
Tbe cashier of a bank in rittsburg: "Judg
ing from the general business conditions «• I
jsting in Fittsturg there is no reason for the i
llfMlniilTir vte» which seems to obtain In New I
York at prtsent. Business here is good, with •
* retuitlng str\>ng armajid for money. There j
has l*en an easing uj) in the steel business;
th«rre ain-ays is to a ct-rtaan extent at this
time cf the yraT, to tak* st.H-k, make rtspalrs J
s.rA generally clean up. The rail mills are sold
up aneJ the railroads are not oancMing their
Mfc» lot supplies. The coal business Is ex
rrli'-rt. with k strong o>mand at good prices,
and t"r.nage irreatly in excess of last year."
The prmiirtrt cf a national bank of Atlanta,
<:'». : "The crop prospect is promising, though
< ttm will be some two to four week* late.
The acr^agre is considerably Increased over last
year. We expect eotid prices for cotton, and,
when realized, we art satisfied that money ¦nil
tie easier ta this section of the country than |
ever before, as farmers do not owe very much
taootT. Taking It ail in all. we see nothing to
t* frUrntHId about reiative to the future, so
:ar as crops are concerned, or credits in this j
?action of the Tnited States. Legitimate, con
servative business jirevajle here, with very lew
exceptions. The banius loan money to mer
. hams and others upon approved notes end col
lateral. We are not affected at all by the
.icpreeiaticn of stocks in Now York, as there
are very few stocks traded in here."
The president of a bank In Austin. Tex. :
"Leaving out of account the manufacturing
mtt«-rtJS of this section of the State, which
«re small but x"*osi«»rous, our agricultural
!>ro*pe»*ts probably were never better. We have
had two vearp of drouth and very, chort crops,
but. all of our croj>s for the priifcer.t year, cx
eept cotton, are now mnde, ani they are abun
dunt. The people of this 8«:tlon have nrver
hini larger crops of corn. oats. cane. hay. vege- I
tst'les and 'rults; ther* ts no mistake about |
this. Our cntton crop pro*- - j"i*ct is deemed ex
<••:!• nt. We have had perhaps a little too much
rein in the last few days. but. t.arrirg any un
expected calamities, we will have a luree cot
trn crop. This is our money crop, and that
means fvcrjtliing to this section of the Stale.
The present apprehension of the boll-weevil, a
p*t=t which has almost ennihi'.ated the cotton
crop in many sections of the Ptate for the lat-t
several years, is not very great. It Is not
»*:ieved that this ptst is likely to destroy the
ectton to any treat extent. Taking all things
into account, we fe«-l more cheerful here with i
r*«:ard to bus. ness conditions for this fall and
winter thaa we have fplt for several years."
Weather Report.
<I2«th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
£AN FRANCISCO, Aug. 20, 5 p. m.
~ '£. '£ ~ w "
STATIONS. £ 5 | S 3 ~l |-» g
• c c • r s*
; • 4 • .
Bfcker 2I».7« R<; B2 KW Clear .00
'"•r*on S4 «;2 W Pt.Cldy .OO
Kureka :«J.O<» r.». r»4 N Ooudy .<«)
Frftno CV.74 10<» tw W near 00
FiRgEtfcff ».«0 M M N Cloudy .18
Independence 1TJ.CS '.m Oi W CU-ar .00
Lx/t AaCelM. .9.TS I»0 e8 W Clear .00
ilt Zk.:r.i.:z'.> -¦•.:<•¦ 72 SS W Clear 00
Phoenix 2».«2 J12 >O SVT Clear .10
r<>c£te"o. Ida.29.7Q if) Cd B Cloudy T
Portlar.fi 2».S« 7S fiO NW Clear 00
Red Bluff 2S.74 »4 CO SE Clear !oO
P.r.*eburg ' 2».<W 78 50 N Clear .00
Sftcramecto . .2».7S SG T.6 E Clear .(.0
H«n Fmnrisco.^a.yO RS T<0 W Clear .00
8. L. Obispo-.SK.H! S2 ~>Z W Clear .OQ
San :>//¦¦ 2;».7S '*¦ C8 KW Cloudy T
Seattle. l'j.r»4 72 S» W CJe«r | .«O
Flickane W.82 bO 54 W Clear .00
TafJOih 20. 'M «I2 S6 W Clear Aid
Walla "WalSa.. 29. M M r.% PW Clear .CO
W'lnnetnucca. .2J«.7« M T.S NW Ooudy .CO
Tumi 29.64 10S Si S Pt.Cldy .00
WEATHKR CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Their ha* been but little change In pressure
end temjM-rcture ever the Pacific Flow during
tho i**t twenty-four hours. A depression of
lomr denth continues over the valley of the
ffl.-.mdo and Is likely to csu?a thanileri>tonn>i
In the Sierra Nevada* and in the mountains of
Poutlrern Caiiforr.ia. Light showers are al
rraf'y r»>s:>crtr<l from Pen Die^o to Yuma and
<-on<i*itioris are favorable for further showers.
A maximum velocity of thirty miles per hour
!« re-K/rU-d at Independence.
Forecast made at Kan Francisco for thirty
h> urs ending mldnipht. August 21:
Northern Callforr.ia — Fair Friday along the
roast- cloudy elsewhere and porsibly showers
!:i the foothills and mountains; light southerly
wird!" Inland: fresh westerly winds on the
roast with .'ctr.
Southern California. — Unsettled weather Fri
day with showers; i*»*ibly thunderstorms in
the' interior: licbt westerly wind?.
Wvorta Of.uOy Friday: probably ehowers.
Han Francisco end vlclnity~Clou<3y Friday;
licht •outhrrly. changing to frt>fh westerly
v:\T-.t* witli fog. •:?,'¦" A - °- McADIE.
_Pi.tHct. Forecaster.
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin.
For the' 24 hoars er.din« 5 p. m., 120th meri
dian. San Francisco. Aurust 20:
2 K 5 2 • O <
liiltrl la If |s
CloverJale 04 T*> .. Clear
•«i!u«a W> S3 .. Clear .... ...
Kureka M ''4 .. Cloudy N 6
h'resna 1'ti no .. clear KW 6
Hanford »« •>'¦* .. Clear
HolU«t»r 67 <E! -. Clear W ...
Independence .. '.«* «W .. Clear W lb
Kin« City «< Si .. Clear \N LU
Llv«rmore h* 5»» .. Clear *
\t*. Anetles !K) «s .. Clear W «
Ntpa "S 48 .. Clear S ...
Newman ut> ''& .. Clear .... ...
I'sdermo «3 M .. Clear B
rortervlile 101 4X .. Clear NW ....
n*il Bluff ...... J»4 «iO .. Clear 8E 6
Klvernid* 100 r.i .. Clear
Sacramento .... W ¦>>'> .. Clear fi • 10
San Diego TS (« .. Cloudy NW -8
6an Francisco.. 08 «3 .. <."!ear W 'M I
Jose 7C 4« .. Clear j
f. Lui* Opiapo.. K2 Z,l .. Clear W <t I
6ar.ta. id&rla.... bu ij .. Clear )
Quicksilver Exports.
No. 2 yellow 53c; No. 2 oats, 36c; No. 2 white
3fic; No 3 white. 34%®36c; No. 2 rye, 51%@
52c: fair to choice malting barley, 40^53c; So.
1 flaxseed, flC&c; No. 1 Northwestern, $1;
prim? timothy seed, $3 15: mess pork, per bbl,
¥12 70ig.l2 75; lard, per 100 lbs. ?7 K5@7 87%:
short rib3 sides (loose). $7 25@7 50; dry salted
shoulders (boxed), $7ft|-7 25; short clear sides
(boxed) $7 02%@7 73; whisky, basis of high
wines. $1 24; clover.^ contract grade. $11.
Articles — " Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 24,100 28,100
Wheat, bu 8. .100 94,700
Corn, bu . i"} 8 .'!^ 487,000
Oats bu 246.4C0 410,800
Rve' b u 2,900 < 25.100
Barley, bu 22.000. 29.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creameries, 14&19C; dai- ;
rles 13017c. Eggs, steady; 14@15%c. Cheese,
Btea'dy;^O@U%c.^ .
Foreign Futures. -
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Scpt - Oct - Dec-
Opening 6 o% 6 o% 66-4
PARIS.
Wheat— A " «f- Nov.-Feb.
Opening 2210 2135
Closing ~' 2 15 2146
Op^n°ing~" 30 35 28 35
New, York Metal Market.
NEW TORK. Aug. 20.— Tin was a little
higher in London, spot advancing 5s to £127
5s and futures "s M to £124 12s Cd. Locally
tin was firm at ?27 05@2S 10.
Copper was lower in London, with spot los
ing 5s and closing at £5!) 6p, while futures
were 10s lower at £58 5s. Locally, copper
was quiet and nominally unchanged. Lake,
$13 62V6@13 "5: electrolytic, $13 50@13 62V4,
and casting at $13 50. .
Lead declined to £11 3s 9d in London, but
was unchanged here at $4 25. j
Spelter gained 5s in London. : closing at £20
17s 6d, but remained unchanged In New York
at $6. . J
r Iron closed at 51s 9d In Glasgow and at 46s
9d in Middlesboro. Locally, iron was without
further change. No. 1 . foundry, Norther^
$17 eO@18 00; No. 2 do, $16 60@17 00; No. 1
! foundry. Southern, and do soft. 510 50@16 75.
* . — — .•
Nezv York Cotton Market. ¦
NEW TORK, Aug. 20.— The cotton market
closed dull, net 2 points .lower to 2 points
higher. ¦ ' ;_•*
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. :
CHICAGO, Aug. 20. — CATTLE— Receipts,
8000, including 100 Texans; Western, steady
to strong: good to prime steers, $5 10SJ5 65;
poor to medium. $3 75<S5: stockers and feed
ers, f2 50#4 50: heifprs. $2@4 75; cannern,
$1 60®2 70; bulls, $2 25^4 25; calves. $2 50®
0 75: Texas fed Bteers^ ' $3>g4 40; Western
steers. $3 25@4 45.
HOGS — Receipts. 15.000; to-morrow, 15,000.
About steady. Mixed and butchers 1 , $4 90®
5 70; good to choice heavy, $5 20O5 50: rough
heavy, $4 75<35 10; light, $5 30® 5 95; bulk of
sales, $5 1O@5 60. >
SHEEP — Receipts. 15.000. Sheep and lambs,
slow, eteady. Good to choice withers, $3®
3 60; fair to choice mixed, $2 25@3; Western
sheep, $2 8&@3 60; native lambs, $3 25@5 60;
Western lambs, $4{?5 40.
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo.. Aug. 20.— CATTLE—
Receipts, 2500. Steady to strong. Natives.
$3 85@5 40; cows and heifers, $1 50@4 50;
etockers and feeders, $2 50@4 25.
HOGS— Receipts, 3700. Steady to 5c lower.
Light, $5 3TV><a5 C5; medium and heavy,
$5 10(95 45.
SHEEP — Receipts, 3S00. Slow, steady.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE Aug. 20.— Clearings , $584,620;
balances, $138,297.
TACOMA, Aug. 20. — Clearings, $309,634;
balances. $43,886. ,
PORTLAND, Aug. 20. — Clearings, $423,542;
balances, $65,449.
SPOKANE. Aug. 20.— Clearings, $285,004;
balances, $3U,S24. >
Northern IV hear Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Aug. 20. — Wheat — Walla
Walla, 77@7(tc; blupstem. M)(f|82c; valley, 80c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Aug. 20.— Wheat — Nominal.
Bluestem, 83c: club, SOc.
°Local stocks and bonds still inactive.
Wall street stocks declined, but recovered.
More gold coming this awry from Australia.
Sik'cr a fraction or so higher. Exchange as before.
Western Wheat crop estimates being increased again.
Barlcv firm, ivith prices slowly advancing.
Government again m the market for Oats.
Com and Rye firmly held at unchanged prices.
Beans and Seeds inactive at previous quotations.
Butter and Cheese steady and Eggs firm.
"Chicago reports that Provision market is in better sliape.
Local packers getting all the Hogs they want at 6c.
Potatoes in good local and shipping demand.
Poultry easy under a limited demand and heavy supplies.
Fresh Fruit easier, with less demand.
15 Vie for extra light, 17 He for sugar-cured and
lS%c for extra sugar-cured; Eastern sugar
cured Hams, 15%c: California Hams. 15%c;
Mess Beef. SU r.0ffil2 per bbl: extra Mess. $12
©12 50: Family, $13 50; prime Mess Pork. $13;
extra clear. $25: Mess. $20: Dry Salted Pork.
12%c; Pig Pork. $28; Pigs' Feet. $5 25; Smoked
Beef, 15c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7%c per lb for
compound and 10@10^c for pure: half barrels,
pure. 10%@10%c; 10-lb tins. 10%@llc; 5-lb
tins ll%c; 3-lb tins, ll%c. "
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 9%c: three
half barrels. 9%c; one tierce, 9%c; two tierces.
9%c; five tierces. 9%c per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Cullj and brands sell
about 136c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 10c; medium, 9c; light. 8c; Cow
Hides. 8c for heavy and 8c for light;
Stags. 6c; Salted Kip. Oc; Salted Veal. 9%c;
Salted Calf, 10c; dry Hides, 16c; dry Kip. 13c;
dry Calf, 18c: Sheepskins, shearlings, 23©."0c
each; short wool, 40<S.*>r>e each; medium, 7OJ? :
90c; long wool, $1®1 50 each; Horse Hides, salt, ,
$2 75 for large and $2 25@2 50 for medium. $2
for small and 5Cc for Colts; Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 60 for medium, $1©1 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican. 32%c; dry salted Mexican. 26c: dry
Central American. 32>.jc. Goat Skins — Prime
Angoras, 75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium
35c; small, 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%©4%c per lb-
No. 2, 4@4%c; grease, 2%©3cJ
WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaquin Ltmbs", 9© i
12c; Foothill, 10©12c; Middle County. ll@13c.
Quotations for spring clip are as follows: Hum
boldt and Mendocino, lS«20c; Nevada, 13©13c;
Valley Oregon, fine, lS®19c; do, medium. 17©
18c; do, coarse, 16@17c per lb.
HOPS— 1803, 10©20c; 1902, 17%e per lb.
Meat Market.
' The local packers say that they are retting
all the Hogs they want at 6c. Otherwise thera
Is nothing new.
DRESSED MEATS.
- Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows :
BEEF — 6©7c for Eteers and 6#6c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL — Large, 7®8«; small, 9®10e per lb.
MUTTON — wethers, 8@9c; Ewes, 8@8%c per
pound. . -
LAMB-rSpring. 9%01Oc.per lb. ... # . .'
TORK— Dressed Hogs, 8%@»J4c.per lb.
. ¦ LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following' quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
. CATTLE— Steers. 8©0c; Cows and Heifers.
7©8c; thin Cows, 4@5c per lb.
CALVES— 4©6%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 4c; Ewes, 3%@:>%e per lb
(gross weight).
LAMBS — Spring, $2 7503 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs, 140 to -200 lbs, &36%c:
under 140 lbs. 5%®5%c; Sows. 20 per cent off:
Boars, 50 per cent off, and Stags 40 per cent
off from above quotations.
. General Merchandise.
* BAGS— Grain - Bags, £@5%c; San Quentln,
5.65c; Wool Bags. 32S3$c; Fleece Twine, 7%&
8c;. Cotton Fruit Bags. 6 Vic. 6% and 7 Vic for
•the three grades.
COAL — Wellington. $S per ton; New Wel
lington. $*«: Seattle. $6 60; Bryant, $6 50; Bea
ver Hill, $2 50: Stanford. $7; Koslyn. $7: Coca
Bay. $5 50; Greta. $7; Wallsend. $7; Rich
mond. |7 5O; Cumberland, $13 In bulk and
$14 25 in sacks: Welsh Anthracite Egg, Si.;;
Welsh Lump. $11 SO; Canne], $S 50 per to*;
Coke. $11 6(K t jl.l per ton In bulk and $15 In
racks: Rocky Mountain descriptions, $8 45 per
2000 lbs and SS 60 D«r ton. according to brand.
' OIL — Linseed, 44c for boiled and 42c for raw
In barrels: cases. 6c more; Castor Oil, in cases,
No. 1. 70c: Bakers' AA. $1 10<gl 12: Lucol, 41c
for boiled and 39c for raw in barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels, 90c; cases. 95c;
China Nut. 57%@62c per gallon; pure Neats
foot. in barrels, 75c; cases, 80c; Sperm, pure,
70c: Whale Oil, natural white. 50<355c per gal
lon; Fish Oil. In barrels. 45c: Cases. 50c: Co
coanut Oil, In barrels. 58c for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian. -••
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil in bulk.
14c; Pearl Oil In cases. 20%c; Astral. 20%c;
star. 2014c: Extra Star, 24%c; Elaine. 26%c:
Eocene. 23%c; deodorized Stove Gasoline, in
bulk, 17c; In cases, 2-1 He; Benzine, in bulk.
13or In cases. 19%e: Ml-degree Gasoline, In
bulk. 21c: tn rases. 27 He.
TURPENTINE — 76c per gallon In cases and
70c in drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. «^
fi'*,e per lb; White Lead. 6®6%c. according to
quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Ifcgar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb, in 100-lb baits:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.75c;
Powdered. 5.60c; Candy Granulated. 5.60c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.50c; Dry Granulated, coarse,
5.50c; Fruit Granulated. 5.50c; Beet Granulat
ed (100-lb bags only). 5.40c: Confectioners' A.
R.50c: Magnolia A. 5.10c: Extra C. 5e; Golden
C, 4.90c: "D." 4.80c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels, 20c more: boxes. 50c more: 5O-lb bags,
10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half-barrels.
6c; boxes, fl.25e per lb. No orders taken lor
le6S than 75 barrels or Its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THUns^ XT. AUG. 20.
Flour, sks 16,84 lay, tons 770
Wheat, ctls .... 1.2C traw. tons .... 8
Barley, ctls 10,81: Wool, bales ..>. M
Oats, ctls 36»' Hides. No 90S
Corn, ctls 5OT Pelts. No 7J>7
Beans, sks 409 Tallow, ctls .... 220
Potatoes, sks ... 3,087 Leather, rolls .. 7T
Onions, sks 2<W Wine, gals 4a.8.%0
Feed, sk 1,000 Lime, bbls S37
Bran, sks 580 Chicory, bbls . . 50
Middlings, sks .. 251 Quicksilver, flsk. 10
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 4,620) Bran, sks .....'.. 2.3C7
Oats, ctla 5,071|
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 21. 1903.
LOCAL MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
11THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, JbRIDAW AUGUST 21, 1903.
12
¦ . In our ads, whether large ones or small,
For the people e'er look for the truth In The Call,
And the good name It ha^'in the matter of news
Extends also to ads, therefore no one will lose
Who'll avail of our help; we ne'er shrink froima test.
Being sure you will say that The Call is the best.
Box 1050,
EDUCATIOXAIi Conttnned.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mln.; mech., sur-
vev, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1604 Van
der Xaillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SYSTEM, discipline and results; tho Golden
Gate Commercial College, Van Nesa and
Golden Gate aves.,S.F. ; fills eve^y requlremnt
DAXCIXG Tuesday. Thursday, Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonla Hall, Hcward
st.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
AT Klngsland Art Shop — Drawing, painting
j and burnt work. 1184 Halght et., near Lyon.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTIXGTOX'S. 424 Pine st Xight class
LESSOXS given in Water Color or Oil Paint-
Ing from Nature. CURRIER, 372 Sutter st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar. wr-.rlng.
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mlssion,nr.6th.
Chicago Business College, 1433 Market, nr. 10th.
Pittman shorthand, typing, bookkpg.. $8 mo.
¦~ EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135—
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nlsfces best help; contracts for farm help. etc.
A— OUPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese-
Chinese help. 428 Powell. Tel. Main C752.
A — GRAXD Japanese-Chinese Emp Office 415
Stockton; tel. Grant 168; expert.rellable help.
CHIXESE "Employment Office— Best help at
Leon Seung's. 411% O'Farrell; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5183.
CHIXESE and Japanese help; eetab 20 years.
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
MIDDLE-AGED lady would like a situation
as chambermaid and plain sewing; or taking
care of old lady; references. Address Box
Sl< Call office. Oakland.
STROXG young woman would like place house-
keeping, or take care of children; country
preferred. Call 123 Tenth st.
AN American lady Just from Europe, speak-
ing German, desires position as housekeeper
or seamstress in respectable family. Box
1023, Call office.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar, 633 McAllister st.
A UKAM'H cine* lor t.ail advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
AN honest and strictly temperate man of 40,
with over 20 years' experience with men and
machinery, wishes position as superintendent
or foreman. L. A. COLLIER, lock box 250,
Truckee, Nevada County, Cal.
SOBER, steady married man (no children), po-
sition as care-taker on country place, or as
watchman; good references. P. O. box 48.
San Rafael. Cal.
PRACTICAL engineer wants charge of sta-
tionary engine or machinery; city or coun-
try; married. Box 3387, Call.
tt'AXTED — Position as salesman or office as-
| Histant by j a young man of good habits and
I willing to work. Box :$305. Call.
j WAXTED — Position as watchman, or to Jo
i light office work, by steady, reliable man.
: Call M. ROSEXSTEIX. 114.:>-i Mission st.
A FREXCHMAX. married, having long ex-
' perience in own vineyard In France, desires
position where h£ can make Improvements;
knows all about makrtiK of wine, etc. Box
3383, Call office.
EXPERIEXCED bcokkeeper would like to keep
¦ bool:s fcr several small firms; b^st of refer-
! ences. Box 3384, Call.
j PAINTER, Eastern man. wants work by day
or small Jobs and contracts taken. Address :
painter, 1121 Webster St. i
JAPANESE student wants position as school-
boy In small family; without room; speaks
English. S. K., 1329 Pine st.
j JAPANESE wishes to work as school boy;
j good cook. Box 1U5I, Call office.
i JAPANESE student wants positibn asschool-
j boy; speaks English. KOXDO, 132'j Pine st.
FLATS TO LET.
HOUSES and fiatgto let; an Immense list; ser-
{ vice absolutely "ree; take advantage of this
¦ department; It Kill save you time and
troubie. Cord«» Furniture Co., 245-259 Geary
! ft . on the square.
j CORNER Xoe and Elizabeth sts. : new. sunny
flat on corner. 1050 Xoe st. : modern Improve-
:' nitnts; convenient to Twenty-fourth and Cas-
tro st. cars; rent reasonable.
HAYES. 1753. near Park entrance — Sunny up-
per flat, 4 rooms and bath; rent $16.
HAYES. 600, corner Laguna — Three sunny
I rooms and yard: rent reasonable.
TO iet — Flat of four voomi: 1S'J7 O'Farrell.
HOOKER Xc LENT. 14 Peat St. ¦
! FLATS FOR SALE — FURNISHED.
I NEWLY and elegantly furnished lower flat.
i within five mlnutC3 of Powell and Market
! Fts. ; must sell: parties going East. Address
box ;KJJKt, Call office.
FIVE-room furnished flat for sale; 4 Antonio,
bet, —ills and O'Farrell. Call bet. 10 and 3.
5 FURNITURE WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 44S2,
I buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
I HELP WANTED FEMALE.
WAXTED— A first-class Protestant cook for
American family of 3, no wash, wages $40,
references; neat clrl for housework,
i-niidl family, $%; working housekeeper for
nice family hotel, ?:iO, must be experienced;
B waitresses and chambermaids for city and
country hotels, $25; 0 second girls for city
and country, ?25 and 530; 18 girls for
country near-by towns, $25 and $30; laun-
dress tor orphanage, $30; Swedish chamber-
maid for boarding school, $25, very nice
place; maid tor 3 grown children. $30; 4
nurso girls. $25. splendid places; maid and
companion to elderly lady, ?25; strong nurse
for rheumatic patient, night service; cook and
hrtjitr, $00, for hotel, no objection to married
couple; lots of situations for housework In
city and country at best of wages. See J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter st.
"WANTED — Short-order cook, $8 a' week; 8
cooks, $30. $35. $40; 4«second girls, '$20. $25;
cook, $30; cook for children, $40; kitchen
helper, home, $20; 2 laundresses, $30; laun-
dress for a liomc, $30; housework, $3.1; 3
nurse girls, $20, $25; nurse for sick lady,
$25; governess, 3 grown children. $30; seam-
strffcs for hospital, *20; second girl. San Ra-
fael. $25; companion, old lady, $25; hotel
cook, $"5: parlor maid, Menlo Park. $30;
h"lp clubhouse, $25; 44 housegirls at $20,
$25, 530. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
334 Sutter st^
HA1RDRESSIXG, manicuring, massage, hair
work; removal of superfluous hair taught
from A to Z In 2 weeks for $10; positions
guaranteed: $10 to $20 per week; school day
and eve. 233 G?ary, r. 13; maids prepared.
A— LADIES, learn nir* branches halrdresslng
trade; manicuring, massage, etc.; 1253 Mar-
ket et., cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured '
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught from start to finish in one
month for $10; positions as trimmers, cales-
ladies, etc., guaranteed at $10 per week up;
, day and evening class. 143 Stockton st., r. 13.
WAXTED — Girl to do bushellng on ready-
made clothing and assist coatmaker for San
Jose; Rood wages. Apply between 0 and 10,
P. GREEXBERG & CO.. Flood building.
CASHIER for restaurant: experience and ref-
erences asked; steady position; inquire ,0 a.
m. to 12 m.; no fee. Restaurant Keepers'
Association, C Eddy Bt., room 4G. ~
OPERATOR and retoucher for out of town gal-
lery, lady or gent. Call- at room 456, Win-
cheater Hotel. 44 Third st., between 12 and 1
o'clock Friday. /
WAXTED — Experienced salesladies in ladies'
and children's ware. MARKS BROS., 1220
Market st. _; ' '
WANTED — Girl to do general housework and
assist with two smalt children; wages $20.
Call between 12 and 4. 1636 Waller st.
WANTED — Thoroughly experienced unlncum-
bcrcd woman to< take care of a child about
1 year of age. Address box 1052, Call.
WAXTED — Experienced splpe labeler; give ex-
perience, where worked and wages expected.
Box 3392. Call. , . v
WAXTED — Lady office assistant ; give refer-
ence, experience and waces expected. Box
3383, Call. -
WAXTED — Girl for general htnisework. 51
Cumberland • sti^ between Nineteenth and
Twentieth, Guerrero and Dolores.
A— HANDFIXISHERS wanted to work in fac-
tory. C50 Mission St., 3d floor; take elevator.
A — OPERATORS v on ladles' underwear; good
wages. C5U Mission St., 3d floor. -
WANTED — Experienced ¦ corset salesladies
JOE ROSENBERG. 816 Market st.
A— GIRLS from 14 to 17 to\sew by hand. 650
Mlbsion et., 3d floor; take elevator.
EXPERIENCED millinery makers wanted.
Apply Superintendents office. The Emporium.
¦ NEAT young girl for housework. 403 Fair
Oaks St., corner Twenty-fifth.
MUST be well dressed : unquestionable refer- ¦¦
enees. 2309 Larkin st." .
YOUNG girl apprentice at dressmaking; paid
while learning. 1344 Geary st.
GIRL wanted In store and kitchen; must sleeo
at come. lt_ti Polk __
• AN ntANCISCO CALL. :
BUSINESS OFFICE cf the San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
-ntll 12 o'clock evert r.ipht In the year.
BBJkXCa OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street.
ters'T Clay; open until 9:U0 p. ra.
SCli Hayes street; open until 9:"0 p. re.
(?.t (___— ster etrcet; or^en until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Larkin street; cpen urtll y:30 p. m.
1*41 i:is«lcn «tre«t; cpea until JO p. m.
1201 Market «tre*t. ccrner Sixteenth; open
«:!'.!! J» p. m. '
lot: Eleventh street: open until 9 p. in. J
:0S6 Valencia rtrect; open until !• p. m. :
Ncrtbwest corner of Twenty-second and K*n- j
lucky street*; open until 'J p.. nr..
VSOO Killnncre street : op^n until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES. m J
CALIFORNIA Commar.dery No. 1. K. -3C^ j
V.— Keuuli.r UK0U7 THIS E\ EN- T»"
1X_ at iiUi* o'clock. Order df Tern- gjd |
;-l'. All iratrrs courteously Invited. ;
THOMAS H. BROWNE. Commander.
X. L. HEXDERSOX. . Recorder. ;
1~~PARKAJTK UXIOX Ixrfge No. 17. ,£-, I
l\ ar.d A. II.— Called nie«u:r.gr. VIA- TLj' |
JJAY. Auk. SI. l'.K»::. at .s p. m. First / V > j
drsri-e. Vy oiuer <>t tlie W". M.
i\ ST. JULL1EX. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lo<Jfce Xo. ISO, F. and A. M.. ffl !
ilssonio Terir!.\ meets THIS EVEN"- YY Y
>XG T:3'» o'clock. 2 D. /V\ ¦
'GEORGE TEXLIXGTOX. Sec. |
APOL—O I-oUce No. IS. I. O. O. I
F.— Third degree THIS < >"R 1 - i'l£_3_S_i :
DAY) NIGHT. Memorial Hall. -i£a«StS? !
J O. O. F. building, cor. Seventh -**."**"
ar.d Msrlcct ttf., S o'clock sharp. \ isitors j
cordially invited, G. A. R. brethren specially. I
R. B. DOWN1E, N. G.
T»\ F. NORCP.OSS, Rec. Sec^ j
EUREKA L-dce No. 9. K. of P., 909 -*S££.
Market st. — K:iight rank (long <
ferns) THIS (FRIDAY) EVEXIXG. TsSX I
Visiting brothers welcome. By or- «/_>^\ i
der oi FRED KLE1X, C. C.
J. TV. C. BEATTIE. K. R. S.
UNITY Lodge No. 61. K. of P.— Mem- -*5. I
»<ers ere hereby notified to attend the I
funeral »crv;ces cf our late brother. 7s?& i
ARTHUR WINHALL. from the un- jCS^K
<?en_kir._ parlois of H. Suhr _ Oft.. 1137 Mis-
flon st FRIDAY. AugUBt 21, at 12:30 p. m. '
JAS. MOHAN. Chancellor CcmmandVr !
E. A\. GATES. Keeper of Records and Peal. |
.AX-FRAX^O^t^
sfe'Jwaa See; §ff$m
Hall. 24 Fourth ¦_ ' Vj^?'^\\« '3
D. B. niCHAJJDS. T?C^_»fe£^r :
Record Keeper. >£h___I^
GOLDEN" Gate Harbor No. 40. <w_~
A. A. M. and Pilots jgfflH>^
• f f:.j^. v <-«!-. :<— I*.. v-.i'i-.- jliJ^K) J*?^_fc*
meeting FRIDAY KVj.N- \\&>.^C2& 1 *^
ING, Aug. a. » oclock. at kW 1^
Liberty Hall. Pythien Cas- U
tie, 903 Market St., S. F. All tojournlrg
brothers cordially invited.
P. X. STOFEX. Captain.
J. T. JOXES. Captain's Clerk.
THE office: a and members of xv..
BoxB—bgr L r >dge No. l'J-*, Or- /L-^Gx^f
c»r Sons cf St. George, are SSSJt^\ '
requested to assemble at the I^QM^s. JB^^ '
furseril parlor* cf H. Bohr _yy Vi vV^s.
& Co.. 1137 Mission et. on ff\ HT'vw-ji**
J-RIDAY, August 21. at 1 _\8m iP " M
12:S'j i'. m.. fcr the j.urpose ____2|?4_«
of ettendins the funeral of r
c_»«Jate brother. A. WINHALL
i:\.-Vi J - E - rOTTER. President.
P.. J.. t-ecretary.
CHIEFS and member* Pohonarhee _v~*.
*ribe Xo. 10 Imp. O. R. M— You !
are hereby notified to attend the V£__H_r'
Vjrifral ot our dfoeased brother. Past Sachem '
.-. B. JONES, from hi* late residence, 1618
Pine f... FRIDAY. Aug 21 at 9:.1O a. m.
By order S. M. WEBB Sachem.
WM. XUTTALL. C. of R.
REGULAR rr.tetir* Zf the Cal- — -, i
rdoniati Club ct 8 o'clock and or>en -*» {£?}1 \
n.ee;lng for members ar.d, lady V> Y«<f ;
friends at S:30 FRIDAY EVEN-
ING. Aupust 21. Scotti.-h Hall. 117 Larkin e{» i
A. M. MACPHERSOX, Chief.
JAS. H. DUNVAX. .->eretarv.
THB annual meeting c" the stockholders of !
the Piciflc Undertakers wiil be held at 777 !
Mission et.. San Francisco, on MONDAY, '•
Aupust St. 1S#O3. at 8:30 p. m.. for the elec- J
ticn of directors for the ensainr year and !
the transaction of euch ether business as ¦
may come before the meeting. Transf»r •
bcofca. ¦»'ill close on Thursday. Aurust -0. j
Uy crder of the besrd of director*.
M. C. GORHAM. 5'CT-tnrv.
SISDAV LECTlKEs!
HEXRY FRANK, eminent lecturer la Carnepie
Lyceum. N>r.- York, on the Religion of Scl- i
?•nee. & foundrr "Indittndent Liberal Society !
ot the New Thourht." deliver* address Golrl-
*n Oate Hall. Sunaay%U a. m. <or.ly»; sul>- '
Jeet. ••Procrrfs and Triumph of Truth." i
"Maswilr Orator." "Profound ThinkT." ¦
Mip» Ne;»a Roberts rings. Peats free.
AGi;.\Ts WAXTED^
Ml'ST be well dregsri; un^-JestioriaMe refer- ,
rvrcf-. l':;<gi I^arkin et.
S AT _^°_ n ! !^j_t A^'- u A w -
r.OST. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid.. :
Brm. 611; all cases, damages, estate?, wills, .
_tt_ cfctnrnts, collection*, etc. ; consultat-on
free; no advance charger; call or write; even-
lrig* by appointment. Tel. R<-d aeOl.
ADVICE free — I will advance com in merttorl-
en casee. divorces, probate and all other law |
cases: no Je*« m advance; open every even- '¦
'.r.g. J. M. THCRSTON. 819 ilarket St.. r. 31. i
ADVICE free: divorce* a specialty :<julck.quiet; :
no charge without success; established 15 yrs. j
G. W. HOtVE 1122 Market «t.. opp. Hale's.
ADVICE free, all ca&es. R. C ADAMS room
316. third floor. E_srn!aer building.
L. E. CLARK. Exia Spreckels t!(!g.. 927 Mar- i
ket tt.; consultation free; no fees In advance >
• , !
AITKEN* & AITKEN attorneys rs 309-10-11 !
Ciur.le bidg.. Mr. California et.; tel. Main 727. I
OIBDS, DOGS, ETC. ;
YOUXG talking parrots.$5 cach;Gern;an singing |
canaries, $2; we tcT,1 try to please you;every- |
ihtrr :n our ilr.c at right prices. 154C Market, j
Bl SINESS CHAACES'.
A— flACu; RESTAURANT and chop house; !
<l tie to 1'helsn building; dally receipts about i
$Ki; hulendid bukiiies?. £e« U. G. WILKE !
'Xi\x Kearcy *>t.
A.—HHK): COUNTRY bakery, with chop hcuvfc. !
in Calaviras County; living room*; no op- j
pofltion: a splendid chance for bak?r or c*jk. '
R. G. WILKE. 20 'j, Kearny Ft.
A— fSOO; SALOON, with 10 furnished ro-:-i»s; I
§ place Furround.-d by breweries and malt- ;
houses; rent H*>: a good business, but dls- j
a*T«:*nient of three partners is cause of sale;
lcate. Call R. G. WILKE, SiJ't, Ke-rny st. j
A— 5325; RESTAURANT and coffee ealcji. en
Third Ft.; r^nt $:;o; averace daily reciirt.*
tlh; a bargain. R. G. WILKK. 204 Kearny.
MANAGER wanted — A national concern with
beadquartFrs in Xew York would like to cor- i
respond with men of ability who are capable
of establishing branch orfice and managing |
& large bueine** on salary basis. They must I
b* hustlers, etrictly trustworthy, well edu-
cated anj able to invest from $3000 tp (5oO'J
in a thoroughly etstablishcd. sucrestful and
legitimate busine**; references exchanged.
B^jx 4O0. C17 Sixth ave.. Xew York.
RESTA I 'RANT] $CoO. RESTAURANT.
The best bargain ever effered for the money -
iwoiptK a\erate %Ut dailv.
Sf WILFOKD & HAJUUSOX. get in business |
' BARGAINS RAP.GAIXS BARGAIN'S
At i Taylor et. \
I WANT a riartner in a rich gold mine and i
have one Tor ea!e; quartz and placer: Innre
ridl feamples from both can be seen at room
97, Golden West Hotel ; most- favorable terms
o! i-aymer.t. RICHARD PHELAN.
Til £ best business In the Mission; stationary
? tore, near 7 echoole. for what It will invoice
fcr; f33t» for a business at 3T.0I Army st
_¦¦ COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Milslon eV
FOR Ea.le — Grocery business in small town;
• Ran. new nook; Will Invoice al»out $3CKK);
doirg good business: be*t of reasons for
•¦ciling. Address P. O. box 123. Suisun, Cal.
$'»<X» — PARTXER: tend to shipping goods: do
•some collecUns; *H,ti month guaranteed. Par-
ti., ulprt «^!0 Bryant st.
f"0Oii — UlKlaEs dt-llcacy *tore _ branch bakery
doing eood but-incES. good location Western
Adj.: nickiiess cause gf-lllng. Box 1047. Call.
MERCHANDISE business in Fmall town near
San Joce. Address box 624, Kan Jove, Cal.
F«>R sale — Oyster «nd chop house. 1107 Mar-
kit «t.. cor. Eighth.
UZM) — CHICKEN ranch, chickens and fixture*
' Icr jtfcle; 5-roctn houxe, 1 acre of land, for
rent: HO i»er month: 5 years' lease. Address
P. O. box 142. Fruitvaie. Cal.
SIM WILL buy a lunch counter; a bargain.
7y; rcirciu «t
Koit K<iie — Printing office; good condition: es-
'ril ',:.'..• •¦! patron«Kc; cheap rent 1042. Call.
tlCO— HOMK bakery; brick oven; choice loca-
tion; low rent. _JS4 Kolsom et.
Hfilrdre^Eing parlors: cheap: value in eight;
eood location; retiring. 115.1 Market st.
A baVery: delicacy: all store trade; $25 a day:
r-rlce $1SOO; no agents. 715 McAllister st.
Ol'TSJDE route No. 4 thU paper for salt.
Inquire bs.rdv.-are etore. l&th and Folaom ets. ,
LODGIAG-IiOUSES FOR SALE.
~ H~~C~DECKER.
005 MAIUCET COR. STOCKTON.
PKCXE JOHN' 531.
Headquarters for, P.eal Estate, Rooming-
Houses Hotels. Xew Apartment Houses.
Flats and Private Homes.
27 YEARS IN THIS BUSINESS IN
SAX FRAXCISCO.
See the following bargains: >
13 rooms; Folsom :t. : full of roomers $225
7 room*; modern flat; fine furniture 200
S rooms; newly furnished: clears $25 175
;4 room?; txehange for larger house r.iK)
17 rooms; i) roo:ns furnished; snap 500
S rooms; l>«-avenworth «t.. reduced to..... 5C0
33 rooms ; <holce location ; Oakland 3200
12 rooms: Geary st., choice transient 400
42 rooms: sunny corner; rent $100 ,...'{200
:t<> roo:ii.«=: tunny bay-window corner ,..2800
2H room?; Mission and Sixth sts.; snap 1000
12 rooms; Taylor «t. ; transient oniy 700
«•*> rooms; Market Ft.; offices; permanent . .5500
52 rooms; part house; long lease 2000
s roorr.?; cost $!5<.»0; a beauty; r«"duceJ... 750
IS rootr.!*; newly furnirhed; long lease 1200
H. C. DECKER. 9CG Market, oor. Stockton.
100 ROOMS; house for men; rent $140 $4000
TS room*; south of Market; rent $100.. 2000
21 rooms; corner; part cash; bal. easy. 850
11 rooms; good income; rent S20 350
'.'t rooms: uatrr front; r.»nt $J0; lease. «'5J
12i> rooms; pooi lease: low rent e."»00
r.7 rn-J=. ; apartments ;\Vestcrn Add.; rent 250
>toney loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels roadhouscj! flats 5 to 100 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
5<;f,c> — ELEGANT colonial flat, 5 rcoms and
bath; lieRutiiuII)- furnished; all new; ccst .
over ?1000: piano cost $350 alone; must sell. .
PETERS— K _ LARSEX. 1035 Market, rm. 1.
A BARGAIN" this week; forced sale; 34 rooms;
Market ft., central: all rented; first floor of-
fices clearing $175: only $2400; easy terms.
PETERSEX _ LARSEX. 1C35 Market, rm. 1.
51^00 — 26 ROOMS: rent $70; clears $100; three
years' lease. MOSSMAX. S50 Market st.
CSC*» OXLY — 12 rooms; new furniture; rent
cheap; must leave city+ 7SS Push St.. rear.
SPIIIITUALISM.
A— ETHEL CRINDLVS materializing eeance
Friday eve.. 50c, 1115 Post 6t.. at 8 o'clock.
ATTEND Mrs. Harland's circle to-night. Sat.,
Sun.. ICc; readlres 50c, $1. 148 Sixth st.
JOHN SLATER'S circle to-night at 8:15 sharp;
readings to-day 10 to 4. :«ti CFarrell st.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; fit. dally; ttsrt to all every night; 10c.
KATIE HEUS5MAX, circle Friday evening.
•JCic: rittlnes. 1000 Harrison st., cor. Sixth.
1IP.S. J. J. WHITNEY, trance clairvoyant.
business medium and life reader. 41tt Turk.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings dally,
f:80 to 4; teances Sunday an<l Thursday.
CLAIllVOYAXTS.
A— CALL AT OXCE AXD SAVE $2.
My Regular $3 Reading Tills Week for
(1 $1 $1 $1 H $1 $1 $1
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTIXE.
The First Iltc'.sterei Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Francisco. * j
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to I
rnfcke ycu no charge if I fail to te!l your name, |
occupation and what you called forT I promise
to tell you whether husband, wife <;r sweet-
heart Is true or false; to te'.l whom and when !
you will marry; In fact. I v.-Ill tell you every ¦
hope, fear or ambition better than you can tell
yourself. He restores lost affections, reunites
the s^raratej. causes speedy and happy mar- !
liases, makes jcu successful and prosperous,
cures disease and Io«t vitality without medi-
cine, locates hidden treasures: hours 10 a. m. to
8 p. m. ; Sundays 2 to S. '-i'26 OFarrell st.. 326.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant ar.d business medium, perma-
nently-located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner
b!dr.: t-he reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; If you are in trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied In life, or have do-
mestic, love or "business troubles, consult this
preat medium and you will be told how to
overcome them; valuable advice in all affairs
of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed.; read-
ings by mail. TeL Clack 45CO.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, pem_D cntly located at ll^i Market
Ft., cor". Turk; private readings dally. 10 a,
m. to 5 p. m. : readings by mail as satisfac-
tory as in reison: 3 questions answered. $1:
full life. S.*!; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth: don't send currency. Send postoffice,
V.'ells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
vprd reader, born with a double veil and sec-
cf.d sight: tells the past, present and future;
lHdics. r>C>c: gents, $1: by cards, palmistry
and clairvoyant sitting: $1 50. 12S Turk st.
Mrs. A. H. Kronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant,
• trd leader, will give a good reading. 10c, for
a short time cn!y; when others fall try me to
convince yourscif. 4(t! Franklin, rear Grcvo.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 4th st.. near Market.
MRS SHAKER clairvoyant card reader: sit-
tings daily. il$\'i Jerclc st., bet. 5th and Cth.
SIRS. BROWN", clairvoyant card reader; ladies
25c: gents T^c: readings daily. 132 Sixth st.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
£CH Kearny. room CO: ladles 25c. gents 50c.
MME. 143 KERN". ji.-ofeEsional card reading.
l(t» Fifth et.
f AHl'KT-niJATIXG AM) CLEANING.
AIK. compressed, dry. ice cold, is now univer-
raiiy us*d in sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or injury; prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEAXIXG CO.. Call big.; phone Main 5237.
WHEN" you become dtsfrusted >»iih your work
send for EPAULDIXG'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 3C5-.T57 Tehsma st. : tel. South 40.
CALIFORNIA CarpeP-beating Co.. J. McQueen.
proprietor. 329 Guerrero st.. tel. Mission 49.
TRY HCPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating;
mattresses made over. 1432 Howard ;South 216
ADVAXCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.:
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
Rl^DOI.PII _ CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
rt&sonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CONKI.IX'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 128.
CHIROPODISTS.
DVNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE, 50 Geary — All
aijments of the feet cured; corns. buni»ns.etc.
COLLECTION" OFFICES.
BAXGHART~& WEYER,
Collectors.
Xo. 1170 Market fc-treet. Room 37.
ADV1CK tree; bad tenants ejected speedily. CO-
LUMBIAN LAW AGCY., r. 85, 916 Market;
tel. Red 618; collections; gen' I law business.
13AD tenants ejected lor $4: collections made;
city cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Mcntcomery. rooms O-10: tel. 5580.
COINAGES TO LET.
FURNISHED 0-room cottace; rent $30. Call
after 11 a. m., 2&J4 Pine st.. cor. Baker.
DENTISTS.
DrTlCDLUM HILL.' 1443 MarketT^nrT-Teventh
— No charge for extracting when plates ar»~
made; old plate*; made over like new; teeth
from $S per set: extracting, 50c; gas given.
A XEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown, $3 W>; fillings, _&0e;
plates. $5;full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 35c: crowns, $2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr. O.B.Hewltt,204 Sutter.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 2."5 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teeffi, $1 50 upi crowns, $2 up; fllllngs,25c.
10 PER CENT off this month: estimates free.
New York Dentists. 963 Mission St.. cor. 6th.
U__fi >S.M AK1£RS «£ SIiA.MS» TllKSSCS.
MTD^W^ELlTDree«n^UnV^J^nTineVy^chooi
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1013 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst — knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
DYEINa __!_> CIiEAaiWO.
fcEA bteezes sweeten all garments, blankett,
l8re curtains, etc., done by the Presidio
Heights Dye Works. 3915 Sacramento: phone
fcr wagon. West ATA. H.1IICKMAN. pres.
E O liCATlOXAL.
11EAL1TS BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24"Post, S.
F. — Booklceeplng, shorthand, '.ouch typing,
langueges, telegraphy, English .branches;
day and night sessions; Ulus. catalogue free.
fcAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1238 Mar-
ket; rcodern, progressive, practical; <»tab-
lirhed 15 years. Gregg shorthand, fastest,
easiest, most readable. Actual business
bookkteping; typewriter at home free.
AY RES. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket Ft. : special summer course in all depart-
ments : handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
«hlp. flip; day and evening sessions. .
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larktn st.
<*A thorough school": positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; individual In-
structlcn. Write for Illustrated catalogue.
HEALD'S School of Mines _ EIectricity.24 Post
Bt.. S. F.; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue tree.
THE Berlin School of Languages has removed
to lOOO Van Nejs ave.: rates reduced during
taimmer. Send for catalogue.
LESSOXS — French. German, expert method f_r
children. Box 33»1. Call. , W
PIANO and German; pupil of Lelpslc Conser-
vatory; lessons 70c and 31. .310 Golden Gata.
HELP WAXTED— MALE — Con.
PACIFIC eWloYMEXT AGEXCY.
020 Sacramento st. Phone Main 1101.
STEAMER SAILS THIS MORXING.
CALL EARLY. CALL EARLY.
STEAMER SAILS THIS MORXING.
ASTORIA, OREGON', ASTORIA.
Near PORTLAND, on Columbia River.
FEE $1. Fare very cheap.
30 laborers, $51 and found.
20 rockmen. $5U and found.
Company work; no strike; no discount.
FREE FARE— S. P. R. R* Co.'s own work.
50 section hands, all over. Fee $1.
BOSS HERE TO-DAY— FOR CH1CO.
Diamond Match Co. R. R. FEE $1. Half
fare; 50 laborers, teamsters and rockmen,
$2 25 and $2 50 day. Ship to-night.
WILLITS— 10 men. KEE $1. Free Fare.
Diamond Match Co.'b own railroad work;
half fare; 20 laborers, $2 to $2 25; 20 spikera
and Iron men, $2 50 a day.
Tuolumne County — $1 DO fare, balance free:
patternmaker, $4 day; 20 laborers, mills and
yards, $C0, for a great sawmill company.
Tunnels — Some free fare; 20 laborers, $60; 20
tunnelmen. $75; 6 muckers. $37 50; 6 tunnel
men. $82 50; eight-hour shifts
Sawmills— 20 laborers, $2 40; 20 lumber
pliers. *2 75 a day; screw setter. $3 50 day;
10 crosscut sawyers, $52 and found; 6 young
men. sa*h and door factory. $1 5u to $2
a day.
5 mlnerB. $75; 2 laborers, $S0. north; 5 la-
borers, factory, near city, $2 10 to $2 40 day;
« Italian section men. S. P. Co., free fare,
board yourself; circular sawyer, JC3 found;
engineer, oil burner and air compressor, free
fare; c/iore boy. private place, ?20 and found;
2 laborers, factory,- 10c fare, steady Job, $2
«lay; 3 deckhands ?45 and found; 2 black-
smith's helpers; 3 farmers. $30 and found;
head waltrr, $50 found; 3 waiters, $33 found;
pantryman. $30 found ; bellboy, $3i) found,
fare paid, a new hotel; 3 miners, south, $75.
Men, call and read our bulletin boards;
also get a free list of Jobs.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGEXCY.
520 Sacramento st., corner Leldesdorff.
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGEXCY.
59 Third st., nr. Call bldg.; phone Dush 405.
S. P.'S OWN WORK.
FREE FARE— FREE FARE.
50 section hands. $1 60 and $1 70 a day.
COAL MIXERS. -
FREE FARE— OREGON.
25 miners. $1 a ton. s
fi miners, slngk'hand. $3 a day.
5 muckers. $2 50 a day.
FREE FARE— CASPAR.
10 tunnelmen. $2 7u a day.
10 teamsters and muckers. $2 25 a day.
10 laborers and teamsters. $2 a day.
8 men for the b&wmills. $30 to ?60 a month
nnd board.
4 carpenters, bis company. $3 50 a day.
96 families, boys and men. to pick prunes,
hops and grapes.
Blacksmith, country. $3 a day.
FREE FARE— NEAR CITY.
15 laborers, $2 25 a day.
Man to drive mi'.k wagon, country.
Man to work In rooming-house, city.
Woodworker, general wagon man. $3 a day.
Bedmaker. for lodging-house, city.
2 men for quarry $40 and found: free fare.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 59 Third st.
BOYS wanted Immediately to pare fruit with
machine; good wages. California Cannerlei'
Co., 423 Brannan st.
WANTED — A first-class redwood lumber sales-
man thorouchly familiar with local and do-
mestic markets; highest references required;
state experience and salary expected; no
brokers need apply. Box 1045, Call.
WANTED — Bookkeeper, experienced, for coun-
try; 'i months' work now; opportunity for
> steady employment; 'R. R. fare anu $3 per
day; state age, experience and references.
Box ffilH, Call. j
OPERATOR and retoucher for out of town gal-
lery, lady or gent. Call at room 456. Win-
chester Hotel. 44 Third St., between 12 and 1
o'clock Friday.
NEAT, bright. Industrious boy, 15 -to 20, with
sufficient knowledge of shorthand for law
office. Inquire room 41, 7th floor Mills bldg.,
.4 to 5 p. m.. Saturday.
WANTED — For wholesale "house,, a bright boy,
who* writes a fairly good hand and Is willing
to work; state exoerlence if any. Address
C. S. B., box 3307, Call.
BARBERS, Take Notice — Special meeting Mon-
day, Aucust 24. Business of utmost im-
portance. .. Fine enforced for non-attendance.
J. R. BLEILY. secretary local 14S.
TEAMSTER for light 2-horee delivery wagon;
must be experienced with shirring goods;
steady position; give reference. Box 3393,
Call office. .
WANTED — Cash boy. and wagon boy. Apply
between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Young man who is an experienced
dry goods wrapper. Apply between 0 and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS. ¦
WAXTED— Bright, strong youngr man between
15 and 20; wages $5 a week to commence.
Apply at Friedlander Hat Co., 323 Pine st.
WANTED — Strong boy to run elevator; must
be over 15 years of age. Apply HOLM &
NATHAN, 512 Market st.
WANTED — Man. educated and energetic; sal-
Rry or guarantee; call 9 to 12. DODD,.
MEAD &CO.. room 5(il, Parrott _bldg.
WANTED — Traveling salesman; good salary to
the right man. Apply CAL* NOTION AND
• TOY COMPANY. 521 Market st.
YOUNG man for office; good at wilting and
figuring: state age, experience and salary
expected. Box 3400. Call.
BARBERS, attention — For sale. Improved elec-
tric vibrator for $50 cash. At 217 Montgom-
ery St.. Russ House' Baths. ' '.
WAXTED — A young 1 man to solicit and col-
lect. * Call bet. » and 10 a. m., Frlday.102
Telegraph ave., Oakland. ¦- . ¦ . "
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
. express or mail chgs. 11 Third St., Exam. bid.
WANTED — Good errand boy3. MARKS BROS., '
1220 Market st. \\\ ""-
BOYS wanted. JOE ROSEXBERG. 11 O'Far-
rell st.
ERRAND and cash boys; steady " employment.
ROOS •¦ BROS., . Kearny st.. corner ; Post.
YOUTHS for wrapping counter • wanted. Ap-
ply superintendent's office. The Emporium.
YOUNG man .to feed cutting and . printing
presses. •'-.- 10 Fremont St., top floor..
CLERK for grocery and bar. Cor. Sutter and
Larkin sts. : - . . ... :.¦ -
MUST, be well dressed; unquestionable refer-
ences. -2300 -Lark In St.-
. SKIVER ! wanted on boots and shoes : steady
work. Apply to BUCKINGHAM & HECXT,
¦"".Twenty-sixth and * Valencia sts.,:S. F.
VESTS presser. Apply early at S. N. WOOD &
' CO.. 27;Geary;st.
WANTED— Good lecturers and canvassers. Call
or write ¦ r.'. 8. 855 .Washington St., Oakland.
WANTED^-Bootblack :for bather shop; .wages
paid. 1343 Devlsadero st,-- . ; v < ',
IIP t'SEf TO LET. '
A— PRINTED list of houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN _ CO., 14 Montgomery.
BEFORE moving «r?t our printed list of houses
t( > tet. BALDWIN & HOWKI-L. 1'5 Post st.
nolSES TO LET FL'K>lSSIIED.-\
X""cOMPLETELY furnished 2-story house; gar-
den- back and front rooms all sunny; reason-
able'. Apply KCOK-R _ LEXT. 19 Post st.
' A AVELL furnished houie. piano. S rooms; very
sunny; fine location; i: % .75 Masonic ave. Apply
MADISON «l HURKE. ~O Montgomery »t.
""""" LOST AND KOU>D.
ineT in«uru nc» pap-.rs. also money ord^r
to Mrs. Llrzi* GOllnik: payment
stopr-^f. R-tr.rn to TIIOS. MA.SON. South
S F.. San 2L'»x-o Co.. Cal.; receive reward.
£"ocT \ ug Ts» In Union Square, pair skele-
ton eyfjclasses." Return Red Men's Hall; re-
jyard.
LOST Young white bull terrier bitch, answer-
ing to name ot Muggins; liberal reward.
41.S Ltavtn worth 3t. __________
iioST— Tupstiay evening, pocketbook. Finder
please retu.n to MAUDE FRANCIS, care ¦
superintendent Kay ward buili'.ir.g.
LOST Red collection book; value only to
own^r; very liberal reward. 7Jf) Market St.
LOST A pass book, with the Hibernia Sarinrrs
anl Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of THOMAS H. FITZGERALD. Xo.
116-433; the fmJer will please return to bank.
LOST — On Market St.. between. 2d and 7th. or
on Haight st. car. small watch and pin; re-
turn STEIXBERGER & KALI3HER. 23O
Sutter *t.. receive reward.
LOST — Tuesday evening en Market st., be-
tween "10th and 3d sts.. a ladles' gold watch
and rope chain, with two monograms; liberal
reward at 1724 Market st. •
REWARD for return of dress suit case marked
J. A, IC. left at corner Page and Buchanan
sts. Return to Dramatic Review office. 28
Geary st. __
IT will pay to 'Remember" that the California
Watch Ca3« Co.. 220 Sutter st.. needs old
gold and glrver to make new watch <— sea.
XiOrTS TO; --BT.
LOFT to lease— C36 Mission St.. NTT. corner
of Annie; light loft of 4CC0 square feet; pas-
senger ar.d freight elevator service: will le&M
for a term; rent rea.«onabl«. SHA1XWALD.
EUCKBEE & CO.. 218-220 Montgomery st..
Mills building. p^ > _^
MEDICAL..
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all femalo
complaints; instant relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience. 728 Poat St.. near Jone*.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all f«-
1 male troubles and Irregularities: Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008^ Market St.. opp. 8t_.
DR. G. W O'DONNELL — All who ar» sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on femal*
complaints: positively corrected; th« unfor-
tunate helped; the most difficult case* treat-.
ed; adTlcj free. Office. 1013 Mafcet st.
MRS. D. ALLEX. 1113 Market— Reliable ladles*
specialist; a private home before and durtnc
confinement: best medical care; low fees.
DR. ROSEX moved to 2005 Folsom at., cor. ,
26th; relief $10; ladies' exclusive office.
Drs Goodwin. 7S3 Turk. nr. Van Ness— E_pert
In obstetrics, female comp.;25 yrs. experience.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERB3;
original method o! treatment, 1126 Market st.
DR. NO TOY KEE. 319 Powell St.. oppostts
Union square: all diseases cured by her*)*.
iMILLIXEUY.
Ladles' Imported & tailored hats Just in; c— 11:
pricea low to start them going; frames mada
to nt the face. MME. DOSCH. 207 Post »t.
MISCELLANEOUS-— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McEK-
TOSH _ WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
A GOOD reason to buy diamonds, watches and
Jewelry from us is that you need only pay a
groan weekly payment en all purchases; ail
goods delivered on first payment. Call and
examine our goods, even if you don't ca— • t>
buy. LICHTEXSTEIX, BROS.. *> Stockton.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterite; In rolls easy to lay:
needs no palntin; or coating; good crrer r>: t
Iron, tin or shingles: best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
A— Fine suits. $7 Sa^-tfress pants. $2 5a Origu
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 23S Kearny St..
near Bush; open to 9 p. In. Sunday to nocn.
A— $3 V> DERBY and fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. r.r.O Keamy »t.. near Pine;
open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells, or rents gear machinery, tn-
gtnes, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 25.t-2£5 Spear st.
SECOND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps'
wood and iron working machinery, bought,
sold and rented. H.S.WHITE.13O-132 Beale.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pa!r;
foot-fcrm shoes at $2 CO; we pay express
chars-- s 11 3d st.. Exam, bid'?.; cataloz free.
GAS and gasoline engines, new and second-
hand; all sizes. E. B. BECK &. CO. 123
Market st.
FOR sale — $10: well-broken duck dog. Box
3396, Call office.
TWO 50-gaIIon copper caldrons. 1760 Unloa
street.
AUTOMOBILE^ — Olds; 1SMW pattern: AJ. condi-
tion; used e weeks: $323. Apply 203 Larkin.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Bredc. 131 Post st.
MILES of pipe and fittings: all sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 1C3 Vallejo st.
MOVING picture film and song slide— 103
Montgomery st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECJC
_ COr: 122 Market st.
All bargains ;camp stools and chairs, hammocks,
metal bed*. n_ittresses. J.F.Hotter.712 Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Baclgalupl. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches,
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. -4fl Fremont et.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THS H_R«
MANX SAFE CO.. 417-423 SaCTaraento »t.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The ~?eekl_
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address la th«
United States or Canada on* yitir for $1.
MISCELLANEOUS WAXT3.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
thewtrtcal gnrAn. 15* nth »t. : tel. Jettla 2S31.
v 3I_5ICA_ I3>STnUME.VTS.
AMONG OUR BARGAINS ARE:
3 Chlckerincs $130. $153. $235
1 Fllsber; upright t«3
1 Jewett; mahogany; new tl-»>
1 Schaffer; mahogany; new |1*S
2 Emerrcn $185. %2l*
2 Steinway HS3. $215
3 Heine l $235 to *iM
25 .quares $15 to $170
7 organs' $10 to $7S
Rents $2 «P allowed en purchas*; Install-
ments $4 up; piano players from $!X) up:
new pianos from $117 up. HEINE PIANO
CO.. 235-237 Geary St.. agents tor th« Gab-
Ur, Krell. Steger. etc.
A SMALL walnut Emerson upright, absolutely
lika new. $135, 237 Geary st.
ATE1NWAT upright, left by privata party.
$163; a great bargain. 237 Geary St.
A FEW* upricht bargains from $70 up. compris-
ing such makes aa Chickering. Jacobson.
Vose Sterling. Knabe, Fischer. Schwechten.
Weser,. Schurnan am' others; easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SOX. 16 O'Farrell st.; no
branches In San Francisco.
BAUME1STKR stands fcr all that la good In
piano manufacture: also you can buy It for
a reasonable amount of money. THE ZENO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st. AH
pianos on easy payments. "
cT~A R. VISITOKS — Free Cecilian Plani
Player concert* daily at BITtON MAUZY'S.
All are welcome. »CS Poat st. ~
BAND lnttrumerts: F. Besson. P«ri». maker.
Gus Malwald. Agt. Pac. Coast. 27S O'Farrell;
»klllful repalrisg; 2g-har.d Instruments sold.
THE big piano »a!e at P.YRON MAUZY'S la *
grand chance to purcha-a a piano cheap.
H0.s Po»t »t. ¦
UNFORSEEX circumstances cause sacrifice of
flrst-class 3-pedal upright piano. 353 Golden
Gate ave.
BARGAIN— Standard make upright; good con-
dition. SCHMITZ Sj CO.. 16 McAlllstar «_
Unredeemed stcrage pianos and ftmltura dirt
cheap. Whitehead'a Storage. 1(E8 Market.
A GRAXD rush at BTRON MAUZY'S sal« of
pianos: uyrishts. $S0 up; squares $20 ua.
SCS Post at. '
CALL at BYRON MAUZY'S Piano Hous« anl
. get Drtee» on pianod which will please you.
SC8 Post st.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Steinway upright~pUncr
perfect order: sacrifice. Keeffe's.2S5 Q-farrelU
BUY dliect Irom the factory and save 5o re-
cent. HORNUNO. 216 McAllister V.
K gn"A R esf pffno^us? ***** ''"^^
£o D £«
£O p^e E r F - B R Y^N^^^^ 3^P^ g=
HELP WAXTED— FEMALE— Con. |
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. .HelloY Grant 185.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, flrst-class commercial hotel ;
country, fare paid $35
Head waitress, country $30
Xurse. institution, country, mental cases,
party here noon to-day $30
2 waitresses, plain . country hotel, no uni-
form : $25
Waitresses, city and country hotels.. .$20-$25
Chambermaids and cham. to wait $20-$25
Laundress, plain work, hotel, city $25
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Man and wife, take charge of place, party
here $50; German man and wife, wife cook,
dairy, choice place. $75 found: houseglrl,
Palo Alto, nice place, eee party here, 0 a. m. ;
second girl; city, party here, 0 a. m.; cooks,
houseglrls second girls, nurseglrls, city 'and
country. $15-$30
C. R. HANSEN & CO 421) ¦ Bush St.
A HOUSEKEEPER," city hotel, $50
C. R. HAXSEN & CO *'-'» Bush Bt.
OUTING In the country and earning money at
same time; women and girls wanted to cut
fruit; working pears and peaches, the most
profitable part of the season; comfortable
workroom; furnished room for two, with use
of kitchen. In private family. $1 50 per week;
free camping trounds. Further Information,
220 Market St., room 12: come at once to LOS
GATOS CANNERIES. Los Gatos, Cal.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on. fruit
and canning; steady work; highest wages.
Apply California Canneries Co.. Brannan
at., between Third and Fourth.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS- NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES. 32^ FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION, XEAR FIFTEEXTH.
___*" m •
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; steady
ernplovment: day and piece work: highest
wage3". CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO..
Bryant and Tenth.
YOUXG lady aEsistant in Auditor's office; must
be of neat appearance, quick and accurate
at tfgures, and have some knowledge of book-
kecplrg: state salary expected. Address fcJox
1C40, Call office. -
CYLINDER vamper; steady work; on men's
fine shoe?. Apply to BUCKINGHAM &
KECI1T, 2Cth and Valencia sts.. S. F.
SHOE fitters on men's, shoes' wanted: steady
work. Apply to BUCKINGHAM •&- HECHT.
2(jth and Valencia sta S. F.
WAXTED — Experienced millinery maker. Ap-
ply, between' 0 and 11 a. m.. at HALE
BROS'. ;
HANDFIXISHERS on ladles' wal*s. I. MAG-
SIN & CO., 4;l Ellis et. Call bet. 8:30 -and
9:30 a. m.
WOMAN' wahted as cook at Pacific Hebrew
Orphanage, (JCO Devlsadero St.; good wages.
Apply between 10 and 12 a. m.
WANTED — Refined German girl for upstalr3
work and sewing; references required. Apply
In morning 2016 Pacific ave.
WAXTED— Girl to do plain cooking, help with
housework and care of baby; $20 a month.
- 304 Maple st., bst. Clay and Sacrament*.
IT A LI AX lady who can speak English wanted
to travel. Apply Girls' Directory. Central
ave. and Waller st. • «
LINERS and finishers on furs. Apply before
10 a. m., H. LIEBES & CO.. 137 Post st.
WAXTED— First-class millinery trimmer.
Freeman's Millinery Store. 435 Geary st.
A WOMAN with experience In the nursing line
for commercial position. Box 3390, Call.
GIRL for downstairs work and cooking. 1207
GouRh Et. i* ¦ -
PAXTS finlsherb wanted by S. N. WOOD &
CO. Apply at 27 Geary St.; union wages.
GIRLS wanted; wages from start. CARSON
GLOVE CO., 123 Second st.
GIRLS wanted; collar rubber. The Electric
Laundry. S37 Folsom st.
LADY of good addrecs to represent high-grade
magazine; good pay. 59 Columbian building.
ELDERLY German Catholic woman for house-
work; $7 per week. 1071 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st. ,
HELP WASTED MALE.
2 FARMERS and wives, $00 and $55, eee boss
here to-day; driver and porter, country
store, $50; engineer for plledriver; pile-
setter; blacksmith helper, $2 day; man for
milk depot, $50: teamcter to haul milk, $35
and found; -l-hois? teamster, $40 and found;
laundrymnn. f4O and found;" stout boys for
mill; 50 laborers for mines, quarries, mills
and woods, $2, $2 25 and $2 60 day and $55
month; miners, , $3 day; milker, $30 and
found, and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
62S Sacramento fit. j '
COOK and wife, $60; meat cook for institu-
tion. $55; boardlng-hou6% cook, $40; hotel
cooks; hotel second cook, $50; ranch cook,
$25; kitchen man, $30, country; waiters,
dishwashers and others. J. F. CROSETT &.
CO.. Sacramento st. . . .
ANDRE'S. 317 Stockton st. — For first-class
hotels and restaurants, dishwashers, day and
night, $7, $8 and $i) a week, with day off;
vegetablen^n, $30; potwasher, $30; silver
and glass'man, $25 and $30; • kitchen ¦ hand
and do some cooking, $.'55; chicken butcher,
- $50; assistant waiters.' $30 to $35; 2 wait-
ers, same place, country, $35; lunch counter
man. $50 to $60; ¦ bricklayers and helpers for
country Job. . •
ANDRE'S Office, 317 Stockton st. — 5 men to
pick fruit, Napa Co.. $1 a day and found;
ranch cook. $30; butler, country, $45, etc.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE; 26 Montgomery. rV 12.
3 waiters. $30; 2 colored >alters, $32.
WANTED — A young man. 16 or 17 years of
age; must be bright; possess good habits and
live with parents; work will be to assist In
an office. Apply to S. N. WOOD & CO.. 740
Market st., Friday or Saturday mornings
only, between 9 and 12 o'clock.
WANTED— Pants finishers. Apply to S. N.
WOOD & CO.'S factory, 27 Geary St.
A YOUXG man for wrapping department. S.
• N. WOOD & CO., 740 Market st.
WANTED — Cash boys from" 12 to 15 ysars.
Apply at once S. N. WOQD & CO.". .740 Mar-
ket st. ¦•¦:¦:.(¦¦¦'-¦ . '- 1 . '-.¦ ' '. "¦¦ Tv
TRY our men's • shoes, junlon made,' at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-fornrshoes at $2 50; \ we pay
express or mall chgs. 11 Third St., Exam, bid.
BOYS wanted to.'drlve butcher wagons. ¦ 1516
! - Page- st.i" , ; : -; •- . ¦ ,. ¦ ; -. ' . ' ¦ .' ¦ ¦ :. ..
ERRAND boy wanted. C. W. PI'CRCE, 271
, First st. __T*_M9-S.
HELP "WANTED-— MALE— Con.
MURRAY & READY.
PHONE MAIN 5S48. 634 and 636 Clay st.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Office half block long; 14 clerks employed; by
our own printing plant we publish a
"FREE" Bulletin of Labor, containing every
position segregated under departments, ready
for distribution 7 a. m. * also noon and even-
Ing editions. GET OXE FREE
THIS IS WHAT
MADE US FAMOUS.
We know no distinction between Man and
Man. i
YOU ARE ALL EQUAL.
YOU ARE ALL WELCOME.
1902 WE GAVE 190C1 WE'LL GIVK
45,000 MEX WORK. 60,000 MEX WORK.
WE SHIP YOU FREE TO OXE.
FREE TO-DAY. FREE TO ALL.
Ogden, Utah. All parts Nevada.
Los Angeles County. Santa Barbara.
Chatsworth Park. Hawaiian Island*.
Santa Suzana. OreKJn.
San Fernando. J." V Washin«ton.
Los Angeles County. Central America.
Arizona. . Willlts. Uklah.
And All Yoints North, East. South,
Including Ogden. Utah.
Carpenters and helpers, pile drivers fence
builders, drillers, single, double and machino
men, corner and bench hands, muckers,
dfauck tenders, car dumpers, teamsters, la-
borers, track men, cooks waiters black-
smiths, etc., $5, $4. $3 50. $3. $2 KQ. ?2 day.
Free Fare. Free Fare. Free Fare.
Everybody talking. Thousands going.
Are you? Are you? Are you?
MURRAY _ READY,
. ¦ 634 and 636 Clay »t.
165 MEN OR BOYS,_
FRUIT PICKERS— $30 fd— FRUTr PICKERS
Fare $1. Fee tl. Thre« months' Jobs;
'picking, packing and drying.
S65 laborers, teamster?, city and country
Jobs, $2. $2 50 and $3 day. All classes of
work; coma lee.
155 Italians. $2 25 a day.
You board yourselves. Steady Jobs.
26 laborers. fre« fare. 14 miles away. $42
and found.
26 laborers, you'll suit, factory, far* paid.
$67 50.
155 coal miners, fre* fare. $3 to $5 day.
165 laborers, teamsters. Willlts. Uklah, free
fare, $67 60.
Do You Know — Free Fare —
On every train we ship to S. P. Co.'» own
work, on all divisions, laborers, extra gangs;
also section hands.
DIAMOND MATCH COMPANY.
IRS teamsters and axmen, $75.
1!>7 laborers and drillers. $75.
155 -track layers, ballast track. $67 50.
Cost you only $1; no discount: steady Job.
MINES. QUARRIES. TUNNELS..
155 laborers, you'll suit, $60. $75 and found.
(•« miners and timbernien, $90 and found.
156 quarrymen, also drillers. $S2 to $00.
00 carmen, furnace men, $75.
STABLES, FARMS, DAIRIES, HARVEST.
106 farm, orchard, vineyard hands. $30 to
$45 and found.
38 milkers, butter makers, $3O. $35. $40 fd.
156 harvest hands, hay balers, $2 50, $3 day.
08 choremen, coachmen, gardeners, $30 to
$50 and found.
16 stablemen, city and country, $30 to $45 fd.
66 men for brick yards, $35 to $SO found.
•MARRIED HELP WANTED.
12 men and wives, farms, orchards, mines,
mills, $40 to $70' and found.
»_ MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay st.
WHERE ARE THEY?
S6 lumber trusts and syndicates.
. Located in Four Sta.te».
Managers here. Two Territories.
FREE— FARE— FREE.
095 laborers, no experience wanted. $35 to
$70 and found.
1S6 experienced mill and yard men. $40 to
$150 and found. -. -
3S3 woodsmen. $40 to $150 and found.
3S6 woodchoppern. tlemakers, shingle, post,
picket and box bolt makers; tools and pro-
visions found.
BIG L MURRAY & READY.
TRUSTS. 634 and 636 Cla- st
A— COOKS— BIO PAY.
COOKS. BIG PAY. COOKS. COOKS.
2C cooks for harvest and fruit ranches, hay
presses, etc.. $70. $60. $20. $40. $30 found;
very few men to cook for; no women there. |
4 cooks for different mines, $70. $65. $50. $40
and found.
46 cooks, hotels, restaurants, cafes, saloons,
etc., $70to $40 and found.
WAITERS.
32 waiters, different places. Including cafea,
grills $45 to $30 and found.
6 bell elevator boys, city and county
positions. ?15 to S30 and found
9 porters and bedmakcrs. city and country
positions $45 to $20 and found.
SS dishwashers, etc.. city and all, parts of
California. $40 to $25 and found.
12 butchers, different Jobs. $-".5 to $60 found,
r. bakers. 5 helpers, $35 to $50 and found.
IS boys to learn trades and work In facto- ¦
riea $6 to $12 week.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
~ MISCELLANEOUS.
OR carpenters, new Job. fare $1. $90.
10 blacksmiths and helpers, located every-
where. $SW to $45 and found.
Also 90 other different mechanics, come see.
Pattern-maker, large sawmill, free fare. $1-0.
MURRAY _ READY, 634-038 Clay st.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
We want S063 men not advertised for: come
sec. MURRAY _ READY. C34-6.1G Clay st.
CARPENTERS. FREE FARE.
30 CARPENTERS.
Plain work, building sheds, barns, etc.: few
tools will do, $30; steady, good Job, north.
MURRAY & READY. B34-630 Clay St.
LOOK. ~"\
4 carpenters, city Job. $3 to $4 day^cook,
Xevada. fare paid. $50.
Tinsmith. $3 day. city; young man work city
laboratory, $30 and found.
Gardener, institution, $35 and found. •
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
_ - FREE FARE.
2 stonecutters. Xevada. free fare both ways,
$4 to $5 day.
Baker, shop south. $50 found.
Planerman, country mill, boss here, $60 M.
2 walteis. $30, also cook's helper, $35 found,
Kold mine.
Butcher shop, Solano Co., $40 found.
Bark peeler, fare $1. $40 found; 5 men, hay
press. 25c ton.
MURRAY & READY. 63J-636 Clay st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 per pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50, or
crthopedlc tho s, $3 SO; test shoes on earth. 11
Third st.. Exam. bldg.. 5 doors from Market.
WANTED — For. the U. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied, unmarried men, between 21 and 33;
good character; must speak, read and write
English: marines aerve at sea on men-of-war
In all parts of the world, on land In our Isl-
and possessions, and at naval stations In the
• United States. Apply at recruiting office. 40
Ellis st., San Francisco. Cal.: 222 V4 N. Main
St.. Los Angeles.. Cal.. and 401 K jit.. Sacra-
mento. Cal. | .
WANTED — Educated young man to learn our
business and take responsible position when
- qualified; $900 per year; flrst-ciass references
required. Stoddard Lectures, 2x0 Examiner
building. * V
WANTED — Laborers and mechanic* to know
that Ed Rolktn, Reno House proprietor, haa
addsd 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third st. 1 250 rooms: 25c per night.
WANTED — Rough carpenters and laborers.
Apply room 14, 26 Montgomery st.. San
Francisco Construction Company. .
BARBER shop wanted In small town; state
price. Box 104S, Call. ' ?--¦¦ * ;
EXPERIENCED layer-off: steady. CARSON
GLOVE CO.. 123 Second st.
BOY. 1« years, to learn trade; wag^s to. start.
CARSON GLOVE CO., 123 Second »t. •'
WANTED — To buy a good barber shop In
country town. GUS MAUER, 510 Utah.
COATMAKER . for country. REISS BROS. _
CO.. 24 8utter st.
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition In S. F.
Barber School. 741A Howard st.
BAILORS and ordinary seamen .for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
500 MEX to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
¦50c up; soling cheap. 023 Howard st. nr. 5th.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. room 40. PheUti
bids- Past Com^-Geo. ' H. Thomai Post. G.A.R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, S5c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlqe. 2200 FHlmore.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 25c
to fiOc. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES AXD WACOXS.
OX- account of going to build, entire stock of
wagons, buggies and harness must be rold at
sacrifice. Corner 15th and Valencia sts.
4 big ranch mares; comb, buggy. $23;cart.$10;
buggy.', $12 50; wagon.$25. 7» City Hall ave.
FOR sale— Handsome trap; cheap. Box 1050
Call office.
GENTLE horse: will follow you; good home
more than Drice. 473 Valencia st.
8 GOOD horses for saje cheap. 227 "sixth st.
GOOD horse for sale, $45. 2001 San Bruno
ave.
3 SHETLAND ponies, harness and carts In-
eluded, fcr. $125 each. 1504 Folsom st.
ONE fine buggy, fruit wagon, cart. 2d-hand:
¦ new laundry wagon, cheap. 823 Harrison »t
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and eocart for sale cheap. 532 Mission ¦_OAKLAND, Aug. 20.— The first annual pic
nic of the Pullman Porters' Association of the
San Francisco district will be held at" Shell
Mound Park Saturday. The committee ot ar
rangements Is composed of F. W. Smith, A.' A.
Watklns, H. ¦ Burrman, W. A-. Brown. O. J.
Jamison. B". P. Henry and Harvey Jackson.
Pullman Porters' Picnic.
OAKLAND. Aug.. 20.— The advisory council
of. the Boys' Retreat will meet next Monday
evening to discuss plans for the future man
agement of the Institution. The ' members of
the advisory council are: Assemblyman J. A.
Bliss Supervisor John Mitchell. Frank K.
Mott." H. D. Cushlng, Rev. Benjamin Fay
Mills, , C. "T. Johns and County Clerk ; J. P.
Cook.
Advisory Council to ¦, Meet.
OAKLAND, • Aug. 20.— Earl Court, a driver
for the California Syrup Company, was seized
with an epileptic fit to-day while driving at
Eighth street and Broadway and fell off his
seat. < The horse ran away and smashed the
rig and Court Was thrown out and received a
bad cut on his head. . He was removed to the
Receiving Hospital, where his injuries wer«
attended to. ' •'
Driver Seized With Fit.
RICHMOND, Aug. 20.— Officials of the
Southern Pacific Company, the Santa Fe Rail
road. Standard Oil Company and the Belt Llnd
road made an Inspection to-day of the .various
properties In which the companies are inter
ested. A tour was tnade of Point San Pablo
and along the. bay shore. 1 The purpose of the
Visit- was said to be to gain general Informa
tion about the conditions at Richmond. Those
In the party were Julius Kruttschnltt. James
Agler and W. B. Palmer of the Southern Pa
cific Company; W. A. Blssell, general traffic
manager of the Santa Fe; H. C. Breeden of the
Standard OH Company. Clinton E. Warden and
William S. , Tevls of the Belt Line.
Railroad Officials at Richmond.
Albert L. and Violet I A. Krelss (wife) to
Charles T. nrondwater, lot on N line of Mer
rlmac street, 104.04 W of Telegraph avenue,
W 30 by N 70.IM. being E 30 feet of lot 2,
Austin Park, Oakland; $10.
George L. and Myrtle Mergulre to E. 3. Shep
ardson, lot on Sllne of Thirty-seventh street
125 W of Grove. W 00 by S 153, being N 153
feet of lot 11, block A. Apgar Tract, Oakland;
$10. - ;
Harlow P. Bancroft to Otto and Louise M.
Wemraer (wife), lot 20. block S, Alpine Tract,
Oakland: $10
M. and C. A. McCann (wife) to O. L. Fllz,
all Interest in lot 11 and W % of lot 12, block
D, map of resubdlvlslcn of pprtion of blocks
D and E, Carrison Tract, Berkeley; $5.
Edw. D. and Helen Harmon (wife) to Cart
Sorenpon, lot on S line of Woolsey street. 170
W of Tremorit. said beginning point distant on
paid S line of Woolsey street Kj».2 W from W
line of Tremont street as now located and
graded, W.40, 8 104.40, NE 40.2. N 100.35. por
tions of lots 4 and 5. block T, amended map of
Newbury Tract in plat 51. etc., Berkeley; $10.
Charles H. and Tillle R. Spear to Carrie B.
Landregan. lots 3 and 4, block P, map* of blocks
M N O and P. Harmon Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Same to same, lot on NE corner of Lowell
and Moss streets. N 135 by E 40, lot 30, block
81, map of Smith's subdivision of part of
Mathews Tract. Berkeley; also lot on S line
of Alcatrez avenue, 200 \> of Jlerzog street,
W 40 by S 134. lot 10, block 11, Hertog Tract,
Golden Gate. Oakland; $10. . Vj
San Francisco Savings union to Charles F.
Ptephenron, lot on SW line of Clark street,
440 ::t NW from B. NW 100 by SW 300:6. lots
14 15, 27 and 2S, map High-Street Tract,
Brooklyn Township: $10.
Richard J. Montgomery -(single) to Nicola
Marlnl, lots 15 to 17. block 2091. map Central
Oakland Tract. Oakland: »i0.
Edmund and Elisabeth R. WhlUleton to J.
F and Anna E.Plrle, lot on 1 SE corner of
Eighth and Castro streets. E 75 by S 50, lots
7 and 8, block 72, r Kellersberger's map, Oak-
Ge'orce-W. Nelson to M. Case (widow), lot
on N line of Mattle avenue. 33.33 W of Park
street. N 70.07, W 33.87. S 70.07, E 33.33, por
tion of lot 15, block D. Parsons Golden Gate
Tract. (It Is understood that title is not war
ranted by this conveyance). Quitclaim deed;
Oakland: $1. ' , r
Robert H. MaglU to Annie M. Maglll (wife),
lot on SW corner or Chestnut street and Eagle
avenue; W 108 by S 150 block 47, map Encl
naland lands adjacent. Alameda; girt.
- Harriet L.. and John U. Calkins to Walter
O. Smith, lot on ;W line of Hlllegass avenue,
102.34 S of Dwight way.^S 52 by W 150.48, lot
7. block ' C, map No. 3 of Hlllegass Tract
Berkeley: $10. ' 1 :'
Hannah Work to Mountain . View Cemetery
Association tru«tees, 305 square feet of. lot 71,
In plat 30., of said cemetery, as Interment place
for grantor and Mn>. Hattle L. and Henry, P.
Wlchman. Oakland Township; gran*
Alameda County.
Carl and Minna Spiegel (owners) with C. J.
Antwller (contractor) ¦ •* — architect — Comple
tion of work left undone on July 30, 1003, ex
cept lumber, mill and glass work for a two
etpry frame building on N corner of L street
south and Twentieth avenue. NW 75 by NB
100, lot 10, block 380, South San Francisco
Homestead and Railroad Association; $1400.
Sophia Verkouteren to tame, lot on W line
of Koeclusko street, 300 S of Crescent S 75
by W 70, lots 240, 242 and 244, Holiday map
A > *10.
Builders' Contracts.
Company (corporation), lot on B line of Glrard
street, 150 S of Dtvlght. S 70 by E 120 lots 0
and 10, block II, Paul Tract; $10.
liEAL ESTATE TBANSACTI0NS.
Continued From Page Eleven.
Hoyt was passing the grocery store of Man
han * Pedro In East Oakland, when Be Heard
the screams of the child. He hurried to the
assistance of the little one and carried her
Into th(V store and a doctor was summoned,
who dressed the child's wound. The dog was
captured and will be kept in captivity to see
whether he develops signs of hydrophobia.
OAKLAND, Aug. 20.— Prostrate on the
ground with a savage dog tearing at the flesh
of - her face, the 4-year-old daughter of An
tonio F. Manhan of East Oakland was found
by Oscar Hoyt, a" traveling salesman for the
National Cash Register Company, Just in time
to save her from fatal injury.
Canine Seriously Injures the Little
Daughter of' Antonio
. : Manhan.
CHILD'S FACE TORN
BY VICIOUS DOG
ALAMEDA, Aug. 20.— Unity Circle of the
Unitarian Church will give a "nickel" party
to-morrow afternoon at Palm Terrace, the
beautiful home of Mr. and Mrs. George W.
Emmons at the south end of Union street.
Luncheon will be served to the guests In the
open air and card tables will be arranged on
the lawns. The proceeds or the affair are to
be donated toward the building fund of the
new gymnasium of the Unitarian Church.
Mrs.' Oscar Long left for a short visit to
Santa Barbara to-day. Her mother, Mrs.
Roqua who has been in Oakland all summer,
being detained by her absorbing Interest In the
Fabiola Nurses'. Home, is talking of leaving
soon for a stay at Aetna Springs.
The Misses Young, who were expected home
On 'the last Honolulu steamer, were detained
on the Islands by the Illness of Miss May
Young. A cable to their brother, Alexander
Young Jr., stated that they would sail to-day
on the Korea, which will arrive in San Fran
cisco on August 24.
A pink luncheon was given yesterday by
Mrs. H. E. Cooke In honor Of her daughter
in-law. Miss Joseph Cooke, who is here on a
visit from Honolulu. Covers were laid (or
Mrs. Joseph Cooke, Mr*. William Gardiner
Cooke. Mrs. Frank Cooke, Miss Wilson of Gll
roy, Mrs. Laura Wight. Mrs. Edward Hen
shsw, Miss Luclle Tucker of San Francisco,
Mrs. Tyler llenshaw, Mrs. S. T. Alexander,
Mrs. E. W. Tucker of San Francisco, Miss
Georgle Strong and the hostess.
» '¦.:'¦ • :'-:¦ •
Mrs. George Humphrey gave a unique enter
tainment at her apartments In the Albany
Hotel recently. Her guests were seated at
small tables. In the center of which were
pieced' cut-glass bowla fllled with peanuts,
which were "speared" by the guests with hat
pins. The most successful "fishers" and win
ners of the prizes were Miss Kleeman and
Mrs. Westphal. Twenty or more guests en-
Joyed the afternoon, amnnir them being Miss
Nina CrUtenden. Mrs. Cartwrlght, Miss Flor
ence Hatch; MIfs Rate'.le Kleeman, Miss Car
rie Miller, Miss Alma Sevenlng and \ Miss
Hoyt
A pretty farewell luncheon was given to-day
by Miss Arllne Johnson complimentary to
Miss Ruth Kales. The two young frlehd3 are
going East together next week. Miss Johnson
to remain at a finishing school. Miss John
eon's guests to-day Included Miss Mattle Mil
ton, Miss Emily Chlckerlng, Miss Ann McEl
rath. Miss Savilla Hayden. Miss Rose Kales,
Miss Johanna Volkmann, Miss Elsa Schilling,
Miss Lillian Saltonstall, Miss Margaret Mee,
Miss Kathleen Klnnlgan. Miss Lucretla Burn
ham, Miss Marion Walsh and Miss Jean Cllft.
• ? . •
Mrs. M. ¦ R. Hoadley, who will leave next
Wednesday for the East with Miss Kales and
Miss Johnson, was the guest of honor at a
most Informal but thoroughly enjoyable "at
home" yesterday afternoon, Mrs. R. G. Brown
being the hostess. It was purely a neighbor
hood affair and Mrs. Hoadley will have a very
pleasant afternoon to remember during her
absence. Among those who were present
were: Mrs. Kales, Mrs. George H. Wheaton,
Mrs. Minor Goodall, Mrs. Harry Knowles, Mrs.
J. R. Burnham, Mrs. Gordon Stolp. Mrs. Ed
fon Adams, Mrs. George Greenwood, Mrs. John
Stanley, Mrs. Thomas Coghtll, . Mrs. Thomas
Crellln, Mrs. Henry Wadsworth, Mrs. E. B.
Beck Mrs. Edwin Goodall. Mrs. William
Letts Oliver, Mrs. J. O. Allen, »Mrs. James Al
len and others.
OAKLAND, Aug. 20.— Mrs. Percle C. Black
¦will be the hostess at a luncheon to-morrow,
given in compliment to Miss Myna Hepburn
of San Francisco, whose marriage to Mr. Fred
erick Hall will be one of next month's Inter
esting events. Mrs. Black's guests to-morrow
will be Mlsa Hcnburn. Mrs. Walter Gannon,
Miss Florence Wllaon. Miss Bertha Shaw, Miss
Florenca McCoy, Mrs. Clement Wilder and the
hostess' Bister, Miss Annette King of San
Francisco.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
Jumps Over Back of Attendant as
- He Stoops for a Tray, but
Is Betaken.
OAKLAND, Aujf. 20.— Springing over a
stooping attendant, James Murano. a young
insane Mexican, succeeded In making his escape
from the detention ward of the Receiving Hos
pital to-day.
Murano was taken Into custody at the rail
road yards of the Southern Pacific Company
by R. Cuchrane. who heard the man talking
to himself under a car.
In his cell Murano conceived the Idea that
he was coin? to be killed. "When Attendant
Page unlocked his door at noon and stooped
to the floor for a tray Murano Jumped over
him and ran out Into the street. He was re
captured.
INSANE MEXICAN ESCAPES
FROM BECE1VING HOSPITAL
Lowe had promised to give his visitor
an order for goods, but the traveling man
did not return. The police have a good
description of the confidence man.
The represented himself as
Henry Kaskell, the Western agent for
the American Tobacco Company of Chi
cago. He dropped into the Oakland Bank
of Savings this morning and presented a
draft for $420, which he desired to cash.
The bank officials refused to accept the
paper without a sufficient indorsement.
"Kaskell" departed and in the course of
a short time visited B. Bercovich, A. L.
Bruner and H. N. Bothsaw, but in each
case failed to convince the dealers that
they should guarantee his paper.
Before arriving at Oakland, "Kaskell"
tried to win the confidences of Berkeley
tobacco dealers. He first went to George
N. Lowe on Shattuck avenue, unfolded
a scheme to make Lowe un agent for his
company and then requested that Lowe
identify him at the University Savings
Bank, where the stranger desired to cash
a draft for 1112. But Lowe shied.
Kaskell"- bobbed up sdon afterward at
C. R. Hoelli's cigar stand with the same
story, but again met a rebuff when he
waved his paper. Willard Wright, an
other cigar man, was also approached,
but dodged the invitation to Indorse. Then
"Kaskell" tried his lone hand game at
the University Bank, but Assistant Cash
ier J. Mills was not doing business with
the newcomer.
Detectives have been detailed on a
search for a check swindler who made a
rushing tour of Oakland and Berkeley to
day In a bold scheme to gather up gold.
The visitor failed of his purpose, but kept
the banks of the two cities and a long
list of cigar dealers uneasy.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Aug. 20.
The first reheamal. of the chorus .will be
held Thursday evening, August 27, at 6 o'clock,
at the main auditorium of the Young Men's
Christian Association building. Twelfth and
Clay streets. When the. required number of
250 singers Is obtained the list will positively
be closed. Yours sincerely^ Kdwln Dunbar
Crandall, Percy A. R. Dow" D. P. Hughes,
Clement Rowlands. Alexapder T. Stewart, com
mittee of arrangements.
Acting upon this belle?, a number of
those who are at the head of the 1 various
musical societies have made arrangements
with the directors of the Young Men's
Christian Association by which they will
be permitted to furnish and finish the
auditorium in the new building accord
ing to their own ideaa of acoustics and
art, provided they can raise the necessary
funds. So a voluntary committee of five
musical enthusiasts has undertaken the
task of raising this money and it is going
to do it by giving two festival choral con
certs at dates yet to be announced. ' The
first rehearsal is to be given on Thurs
day, August 27, at the present Y. M. C. A.
Hall. The announcement reads:
. Oakland's need of an adequate and suitable
auditorium for concerts and other affairs of
a semi-musical character has been apparent for
some time. An opportunity to secure such
an auditorium Is presented In connection with
the proposed new building of the Young Men's
Christian Association. A chorus Is to be or
ganized for the special purpose of giving- two
festival choral concerts as soon as practicable,
the proceeds to be applied to the purpose of
furnishing an auditorium in the new building.
The chorus will be limited to 250 members
and will be conducted at the rehearsals and
at the concerts by Edwin Dunbar Crandall.
Percy A. R. Dow, D. P. Hughes and Clement
Rowlands. Only- singers who aro personally
known and recommended by the conductors
of the chorus will be admitted to membership
therein, as It Is desired to 'make this the
most representative body of singers ever as
sembled in Oakland.
The musicians of Oakland have a plan
by which they hope to be able to secure
for the music-loving community of this
city a hall that will be properly built and
properly furnished for concerts and lyric
festivals, i/ia the claim of the music
leaders of Oakland that this is the largest
music-loving community in the State,
with the poorest facilities for exercising
that fondness.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Aug. £0.
Flaunts Drafts, but Cannot
Induce Selected Victims
f. to Yield. : £FS,
Will Raise Money to Com
plete Auditorium of the
Y. M. 0. A.
Tries Oakland and Berke
ley Banks and Mer-y ;
chants.
Music Lovers of Oak
land Announce a
New Plan.
CONFIDENCE MAN
FAILS TO CASH
WOULD FURNISH
HARMONY HALL
THE SAN If KAK CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST 21-: I 90 ?-
13
0 roAX -
AJtA— H HUMAN MtTRPBT
. fiOl-CO-J-0'JJ Examiner building.
Quick feUi»m«>r.ie: no dUanpointmrnt
tave -xptnses by dealing directly.
Mtatea, nccad rnortccfcE. undivided lr.ter-
»¦?!£. assigKtneats of rtms property in trust.
•-C. ; '.ceacitB.- life estates' and undivided in-
urerts :n property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential. I
When You Xfi>d Money
F«»<- HERMAN MfRPHT.
HIGHLY rtFj^ectable pr'.vate place to obtain
liberal advances on diamcr.ciy. Jewelry, at j
lcweM rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. MS ]
Market *t. : tel. Main 1044 Branch. 19 Third, j
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer- j
chants, teamster*. bo«rd!n5-hou?es. without j
security; easy payments; larpfft business in |
«ti t)t".r.el|ial citi*-e. Tolman. M.'S Parrott bids. 1
A — 1 pe- tent on furniture or ptaBOtaa removal:
no commission; co publicity; $25 up: quick,
quiet, confidential. 20 Montgomery «t-^ *. *•
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICn 1C3 Orant ave..
• LOANS FROM $1 TO tlO.OOO.
AT cut rates on real .-*tate furnlTur7 or ri«uo;
no comm:sflon. E \V LICK 1003 Mutual
£*v. Bk. bid.. 70S Market; pftan* Mala'«.<-
6. F DISCOUNT AGENCY- Leans to salaried j
peopie on their r.o.e. j
The TOC8UST CO....14-J l'h«-lan bldg.
MONEY" to "loan on low in^rreft: cold. s»I»«f;
diamonds. jHasrl* an.1 prertens Floras bought |
«t W. J. HESTHAL'P. 10 • g ig h _f!: . I
MONEY loartd to salaried «tr.p!oye« G W. 1
MILLER, room 74. fifth floor. _C_hronlcle bldg. |
ONE per cent Cft fornltore: *r> » month on each ]
•1000: any e pcurity. 302 Mor.tgomtry, room .6.
S5- ON lurr.ituro & r'enos; S:r. ur; no removal;
V. TREMA1N room yl^ « Eddy ft., floor 4.
ALL loa!Ti."cn and Jewelry 2 per cent
tno. fc. F. Col!ai°ral Loan Har.R. T-. 1 * IC^arny.
ETAll Loan Co~Tf" V.ycmir.R loans money tl >
ealaned employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav.Bk bid.
CASH leaned ta'.aried peoi'le en notes without
lndor*er. MOKKHLL. 609 Examiner^bld :
A tfSEEK'E new* for t> cent* — The Weekly Call.
i< rarw. In wrarr-er f>r mnlllng. fl n?r y>»r
MlXCS AXD M1X1XU.
Practical cn.1 experienced ro!r.e superintendent |
ult-hf* pwiilcn; good rcf. I'ox IQifi. Call.
FOR eaie — WHoIe or part interest In process
for paving fl.mr g^ld. Box 1040. fall.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
irMMATfcPRECKnLP building. «27 Market st.—
Offlc* to let; ro::t $15; light, heat, janitor and
tfkrhone. ASHTON & GARDINER.
For rent. half-«f store. £8x9S it.: all the base-
ment:115 Davvla, L«>s Ang. Soap Co.. 124 Mkt. ]
6ANSOME. 712. nrar Jackson— Handsome large
store to let; rent £25.
rcnsoxALs.
A— FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED.
Wrinkles, yellow and Cabby ekia, birthmarks,
tmallpox pitting* and tears scientifically re-
moved withouj cuUlr.R, massage, electricity or
n>*-<!lclnes; epecial demmttrat'.ons this week.
O:i or write L)R. L. WILLIAMS. 371 Geary.
THE Star Kair Beawtfy restore* gray hair, im-
prove* Its growth ;su>ps fali:rg;cures dandruff
end itching ecaip; no Etain cr stickiness:
cleanses *calp;ai druggists', hairdressers' ;ac- j
c»pt no substitute. Star RemedyCo..3S>)Geary. j
WANTED — «3» men with tcalp diseases; loss
cf hilr and baldness prevented (can treat by
mall blank for stamp); consultation free;
S:30'to « Sundays 10 to 12. Prof. GEO. A.
GAP.!.OW. Pjeclalitt. rootn 213. 937 Market.
NUT fci.t\ cheap but how »;o<d. Is the motto of
the rr.ar.ufactL-rere of the Rapid Rotary
FtandarJ. the tewing-machlne of to-day. J.
W. EVANF. agent, ltttl Market st.
1 j HY6ICI/uN, 15 years' experience, cures per-
manectl}' mcrphine, cocaine habit. Call or
ac<ir».-*« Central Pharmacy, 251 Grant are..
comer gutter ft.; fee raoderate.
DANCING Tuesi.-.y. Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday cvec.r.gs at T^utonla Hall. Howard
tt.. r.tar Ninth; management Prof. Fester.
AT \*st than cott uncalled fcr Fuits. cverccata
ard trou«rs. at' CHARLES LYONS*. Londoa
Tailor. 721 Market Ft.
VKE fciKhfSt price i>ald lor ladies" or gent»'
«8Ft-cfT clching and all e.rtlc!e» of vaiu« at
WE1NHKP.OS. H4A Ellis fet.
ELEGANT suits en eafy installments; 50 cents
ar.d up per werk. LF.ON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
k»t ft., between Pever.th and Eighth.
IiUINfJ ymir material; will n-.ake tailored ehirt
prmln ft: The Fashtnn. 112» Market Ft.
¦HAIR flldac br ca4>ett; ia*-ial massaee spe-
cialty. MR. MELCESCO. P09 Ellis ft.
M1>S, -RUMPLE will b* pleased to meet old and
Tifw fritj.d? her 'millinery parlors, V21 Geary.
CI'.NTS fnrnwhlas*> notion* toys and t=tation-
tv. WOODWARD'S Bazaar. 22W Fillmore.
Sl'ITF to order en Installment*, fl per week.
NeuKaus & Co.. tnerch.ta!lcr3.727-72H Market.
ALL BtylM ha!rdress!n»r. 2Sc: hair Rrod?; mani-
curing CSc. G. LniJERHR. 123 Stockton et.
7*H,'in-MADK ««M f7 E"; dress rants f 2 5tt
Mteflt nc-tfcirff Parlor, ct. Hush ar.d Dupont
MTEKFLroLS hair ar.d molee removed by
eVctrtr r.eedle. Dr.&MrF.Traverse,117CMarker_
MAFQT'EKADE cOFtume*. play books, wlgj,
country orrterf. OOLDFTEIX * CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDL'M'S Eryptian Henna restores gray
fcatr tn Its natural color: fl: st all druggists'.
SuTerfluous hair ar.d moles removed with elec-
* r <c nee.11*>. Mr*. * M!** Ea?"n. 11 IS Putter.
PALMISTRV.
iJHE. DEVAE, scientific palmist .tr.d astrolo-
pirt. Office. 2C Liebes bldg.. 139 P.st St.: $1
palm readir.r*; 3 questions free; Tues. eve.
MME. ZILLAtl, teienttBc p&lm'st and card
rtader; iij years' experience; lat» of New
Zealand »nd Australia. 525A Post Bt.
K. JEROME FOSKLLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor ft., near Oeary. Phone Hiark 3C1.
PAPERHAXGIXG. PAIXTIXG. ETC.
ROOMS papered, $3 W) up; tinting, painting.
Hartmar.r. l'airt O, .. n;; t ;ia ft .: t»l. Main 413
PUYSICIAXS AXD SIRUEOXS.
DR. Cl C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021 H JIarket «-t_. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
I3LOOL>. frklu and rectal (lis^ase* b. specialty.
DR. BALL. lfcTaU Market st.
REMOVED— PR. WONG HIM. herb doctor;
treat* £.11 diseases cf the human body; for
pa*t four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at CC7 Geary «t.. near Leavenworth.
tit. TONG PO CHT, eueeessor to Dr. LI Po
Tal. herb doctor; cures all dieeases cf hurr.an
tfcy Ufe cf herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO. the faracus herb doctor— All dli-
»if»> <".3r»d V*v CMtt>p» hor*n« 74R-W Clay «t
PROPERTY WASTED.
"WANTED — Farms and town property fcr cash
customers. W. H. BURKE. Clifton Spring*.
R EAL^ E gg A TE—JC I T Y — FOR SALE.
FKfE LARGE HOTEL SITE
ON VAN KESS AVE.
We have responsible and experienced tenant
for elx-story buildln*.
THOMAS MAGEE & SON&
Real Estate ArenU.
S Monta-omery rt.
. .
BETTER THAN ANT BANK
flOOO down and f5O per month for new flats
near Twenty-ninth and Mission Mreeti.
$300 down and $20 per menth will buy you
cottage. & roctns and bath: up to date.
D. COFFIN A CO.. 3303 Mission' street.
FOR eale— House 8 rrr.s.: high basement; sunny
tide mh. bet. Valencia and Mission; no reas.
effer refuwd. Stephens & Co.. Union-sq. Mkt.
FOR eale — S3>'*00; modern *5-room house In be«t
portion of Mire'cn. &0C Hill et.. pear Castro.
IN VEETM ENTS—f 1 400 up, paying 10 to 15 per
cent. THOR-NE * CO.. 207 Montgomery gt.
REAL. ESTATE— -Country — For Sil*.
FOR EALE— TOKAY GRAPE LAND.
This flarolr* Tokay grape land can be pur-
chased In 10-iicrr tracts. In Whitaker tk Ray
Colony, Gait.. •Facran-.ento Co., Cal., $400 a
trect. Vi down: th- Tokay grape ripens In this
locality 4 week" rarlitr than In any other part
of the State. Grapes from thl» locality can be
»< < r In the windows at <*>4K Market Bt.. 11 Mont-
Komrry el. and fct the Sacramento County ex-
hibit, ferry bull i ing.
QUIGGLE. II Montgomery St.. care Wood-
ward & Co.. hours » to 10 a. m. and 12 to 1 and
4 to S p. in . or address box IS. Gait, Sacra-
mento County, C*l.
ALFALFA lands. rto<*k ranch**, orchards,
vineyard?; Infpectrii barfcalni 1 : monthly cata-
JofTue* sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. CIS
Market rt.
J^rrfifi BUTP 120-acre ranrh. near Ycuntville:
hcuse. riam, P'>od wattr; 30 acres vintn.
Apply or address Owner, 016 Fecond Bt.,
Napa. .
tl!i.0i)ft_A LOVELY country home: 30 aor»s
fn;!»: CO milfg. MOPPMAN. f*T,n Market rt.
P<> I VT R I CH !ll O X D REAL ESTATE.
"WATEIt front lot* and bargains: all tracts;
¦*«, phuoa. etc. DELL. 417 Parrctt bldg.
HEAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
EXCHANGE.
i TVILL Rive 13000 or J4C00 In cash together with
* pood paying ranch near Capltcla,- worth $4000,
a'l clear, for income property.
THE ALDEN CO.. 1118 Broadway. Oakland.
RF.AL estate to exchange; free printed list.
Pacific Coast Ex. Bureau. S50 Market st.
real estate~-\va:vted.
WANTED — To lease (furnished) a itood paying
ttork and grain ranch for a term of years.
¦with the privilege of buyins. Bo* 1030. Call.
ALAMEDA~ADYRRT1SEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
Ju^T^vlLX^Y^i[r^CR^^S0K7NG^ : O^~ %^'
A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
Purroundod by Rowers and fruit trees; near
train and echoed: only S2S50; lot 75x123.
Nice S-room cottage and bath.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
Tel. Grand 14U1. 1500 Park St.. Alameda.
$3150 — EIGHT-ROOMED house in good loca-
tion: must be pold. \Y. H. POLLARD, 218
California Ft., gan Francisco. ¦
BERKELEV ADVERTISEMENTS
PER KKLEY HEAL ESTATE.
AN opportunity seldom met with; I have a
new 2-story 7-room house, 4 bedrooms,
equipped with all modern conveniences, gas.
electric lights etc., on an improved street,
only 2 blocks from the Btatlon. which I will
sell to a reliable party on the following
terms: $100 cash and the balance In month-
ly Installments; whole price $3500.
JOSEril J. MASON. Real Estate.
Cor. Sliattuck ave. and Center. Berkeley.
1507 PRINCE st.. near Santa Fe R. R, — Large
8-room hojse; high basement; stable, cow
barn. 7 houses for chickens; lot 100x135;
street work complete; call and Inspect.
LEVI J. MORAN.
2til Shattuck ave., Berkeley.
54O0O — 3 ACRES on Dwight way. East Berke-
ley; elegant location; fine.
LEVI J. MORAN.
2131 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley.
I'iSl'.. new. handsome uttages; up to date: all
conveniences: close to cars: large lots; $15S0
to $lt>UO; only $200 cash, balan:e $ltf GO per
racmh.
W. C. MORAN, Lorln station, or
C. C. EMSLIE. Ashby Ftatlon.
FOR RENT — House of 8 rooms and bath; near
XX. C. and Head Seminary.
JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate.
Corner Shattuck ave. and Center st-
TWO 7-room houses; modern; street work all
done; 2 blocks from North Berkeley station;
south frontage; price $3000; one-third cash,
balance same as rent; no agents. Bee owner,
1925 Vine st., Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
LOOK AT THIS — $2650 only for a fine home of
7 rocm^ and bath; better than new; lot 5Ox
127; all street work Uone and cement walk
around the house, etc. Apply to P. C. LAS-
SEN & CO., 400 10th Et.. Oakland, Cal.
BARGAIN — Only $1000 for a fine 5-room cot-
tate in East Oakland. P. C. LASSEN & CO.,
400 Tenth Ft., Oakland.
BEFORE moving get my printed list of houses
to let. GEORGE W. AUSTIN, 1002 Broad-
way.
ALEX. MURDOCH. Chronicle bldg., San Fraa-
cipro. for Oakland. Berkeley or rural homes.
OAKLAND Fl'RXISHED FLATS.
COMPLETELY furnished flat, and lower flat
partly furnished, for. adults. 541 13th fct.,
Oakland.
! OAlvLAXO Fl'RMTLKU Full SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furnl-
ture. H. Schellhaas. 11th et. cor. ttore.Oaklnd
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
EUIE. 117, near Fourtenth and Howard — Two
furnished housekeeping rooms, $8.
FOLSOM. 1143—2 or 5 furnished rooms for
housekeeping; bath and yard; cheap.
HEHBEUT <The) — Sunny apartments for
house keeping; eas ranges; Just newly fur-
nished. 1530 Polk st.
HOWARD. 10C3 — 2 sunny connecting complete-
ly furnished bay-window rooms; range; elec-
tric lights^
JESSIE. 333 — Sunny front room, furnished
housekpg., $12; other room $10; gas ranges.
KEARNY. 104— Sunny unfurnished suite, $20;
newly papered; no children.
POLK. 1(H3. cor. Clay — 2 large, newly fur-
nished, sunny front rooms; gas range; $18.
STOCKTON, 1200 — Model house; nicely furn.;
K'-$lii; front; phone, gas, bath, sunny.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3726, near Dolores— 3 6unny
bay-window rooms; nice, neat, complete.
UNION, 1S44 — 2 or 3 sunny front rooms for
light housekeeping; gas range, water.
VALLEJO 1019 (Russian Hill) — I rooms, part-
ly furn; two people; rent $32 60; marine view.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubscrlptlons has been established at 1098
Valencia st.
APABTMEHT3 TO LET.
"EL MONTEREY.*' the ctty'a newest apart-
ment hotel, located on the north Bide ot
Pine et., between Hyde and Leavenworth; a
iuperb brick building of Spanlslj architec-
ture; all the comforts of housekeeping com-
bined with the conveniences of hotel life; for
toO per month you can secure here an unfur-
r.Uhed S-room apartmw.t, consisting of large
living-room with gas grate and mantel, bed-
room with bay-window and closet; kitchen
equipped with gas range, built-in china
closet and hot and cold water; bathroom
with toilet and porcelain tub (hot end cold
water); this price also Inclndet Janitor ser-
vice night and day and night and day ele-
vator service; only ten minutes' walk from
Powell and Market; see these apartments
to-dar. ¦
R OO SIS TO LET— Furn. and llnluro.
AA— City 'Room Renting Agency, V
1104 Market st., cor, Turk and Market sts.,
Rooms 3 and 4. I Phone Jessie 447L
FREE. FREE.
We locate you free of charge
In Rooms with or without board.
Housekeeping Rooms or Hotels.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Elxth— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $» per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Marke*. St. (or No. 1
Fifth et.)— Rooms. 25c, 60c,- fl. $1 60 night;
$1 60 to $10 week: house open all night.
ANTLEKS. 415 Turk st. — Strictly modern: 4-5
room apartments; fur, or Unfur. for hskpg.
BURNETT. 1420 Market— (old No'. 1364)— Fur-
nished rooms, suites, single: also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
fumirhed sunry rooms: prices reasonable.
FOLSOM, 834— Sunny room; closet, bath;
_ »1 M X>. "
GILLESPIE Houpe. 11» Ninth St.— Nicely fur-
nished rooms, r/jc to $1 per day; phone; quiet.
URAND Southern, 7th and Mission — Rooms 50a
to tl 60 night; $2 to $6 week; reading-room.
HAIGHT, 1188— Sunny, furnished room to let.
HOTEL GRA YSTONE
66 Geary et. ; phone Bus't 880.
Centrally located fireproof hotel; elegantly
furnished suites, with baths and singles.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Bunny furnished rooms and
cf flees; elevator: elec. Ights: da:-, week, mo.
SW. cor. Cth & Howard— 200 rms., 15c.25c.50c
night; from $1, $2, $4 week; open all night.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy St.. near Market
— <CK> (ingle and family room*: 35c to $1
night; SI 75 to $6 week; elevator; electric
l!«rlit.«: reading-room; free bus and baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d et.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
:.:.c to $1 r.O night; $2 to $S week; elevator;
elec lights: reading-room: free bus; baggage.
CLASSIFIED*advertlnement« and* Bubocrlptlons
received at Call branch office.. 2200 Flllmoro.
i rooms and board."
amoyT^the i~ SoTIIJkvTsXdercPSiC
Strictly first-class family hotel; sunny rooms,
suite or single; billiards; eteam beat.
HAIGHT. 214—2 large sunny rooms; hot and
cold water; private family; with or without
board; chone Fell 2383.
OLD Steveneon Manrton. opp. Grace Church,
with annex. 807 California St.— Attractive In-
terior; exceptional table; free billiard-room.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
S Steamers leave Saa Fran*
Cisco as follows:
For Ketchlkan, Juneau.
Halnes, Skagway. etc, Alas-
ka— 11 a. tn.. August 4. 9,
14. 19. 24. 28. Sept. 3.
Change to company's steam-
ers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattla, Ta-
coma. Everett, Whatcom— 11 a. m.. August 4.
9, 14. 10. 24. 29. Sept. 8. Change at Seattle
to this company's steamers for Alaska and O.
K. Ry.; at Seattle for Tacoma t9 N. P. Ry.;
at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:80
p. m.. August 2. 8, 14. 20. 26. Sept. 1; Corona,
1 :30 p. m., August B. 11. 17. 23. tb. Sept. 4.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Eanta Barbara—
Eanta Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. in-
state ot California, Thursdays, fl a. m.
For Los Angeles (via gan Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara, Santa Crus, Mon-
terey, San Blmeoo, Cayucos, Port Harford
(San Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 9 a. tn.. August 6, 13, SI. 29,
Sept. 6.
Bonita. 9 a. m.. Aug. 17. S3. Sept. 2.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Joxe del
Cabo, Maz&tlan, Altata; La Pax. Santa Ro-
talla. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
rconth.
For further Information obtain (older. c
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sail-
Ing dates.
TICKET OPriCES — 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel), 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C. D. DUNANN. General Pasnenrer Agent.
¦ 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O. R. « /V. CO.
"Columbia" salli Aug. 21. 31. "George W.
Elder" calls Aug. 10. 20. Only steamship line
to PORTLAND, OR., and short rail line from
Portland to all points East. Through tickets
to ail points, all rail or steamship and tall, at
LOWEST RATES. Bteamer tickets lncluds
berth and meals. Bteamer sails foot of Spear
«t. at 11 a. tn. 8. F. BOOTH. Oen. Aft. Pass.
Dept.. 1 Montgomery St.: C. CLIFFORD. Cea.
Agt. Frt. Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan etreets. at 1 t>- m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlogo),
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
carco received on board on day of sailing.
I! AMERICA MARU
Wednesday. August 26. 1003
B 8* HONGKONG MARU (calling at Ma-
nlla) Saturday. September 10, 1903
S. S. NIPPON MARU
Thursday. October 15. 1903
Vl'a Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates For freight and passage, apply at Com-
Dany's office. 421 Market street, corner First.
P - W. H. AVERT... General Agent.
oceanics.s.to.-;,^-.,;;,
S 8. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday, Aug. 27. 2 p. m.
B S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Sept. s, 11 a.m.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Sept. 20. 11a.m.
JJ. SPKKEIS i BSQS.B.. JtBis-.TkkitOffta.M3 lartttft
FrecStCfficUJJ larbtSURirb. l.tuiktL
COMPAQKIE GEWERALE T2AR8ATLA5TIQ0I.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. **>*„.
galling every Thursday Instead of 4AOV ! Sl
Baturday at 10 a. ra.. from Pier 42. «5?aK2:*'
North River, foot of Morton street.
i First-class to Havre. |70 and upward. Seo-
chd-class to Havre. $43 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building),
New York. J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, b Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all RaHrr>«rt Ticket Ag«nts.
Mar* X«Ianfl and Vallejo Steamer*.
Steamer GEN. FKISBIE or MONTICELLO—
«:43 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Bunday, 9:45 a. tn.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo.
T a. m., 12i30 noon, S p. m.. ex. Bunday. Sun-
day. 7 a. tn., 4:15 p. m. Fart. CP cents. Tel.
Main 1508. Pier 2, Mlsslon-st. dock. HATCH
BROS* .
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED — 2 unfurnished eunny rooms; 1
front; by man and wife; north of Market:
state price. Hox lrvtl. Call office.
SPECIALISTS.
cXTARlmn^A"F7cFsFanTN^IS^F7n~EXRi
positively cured; n«w method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 2O4Sutter gt.
STOItAGK A.\ft WA11EHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM
houEehold Roods store*d, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard st.. near Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
fice Post and Towell sts.; tel. Priv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture and n-.erchan.
dlse. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone F^st 128.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances mnde; 840
Mission st.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st.; phone Jackson 281.-
BEK1NS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
ft.: tel. Main 1S4O. Shipping at cut rates.
sti:ttehisg and stammbkixo.
MELBOURNE System School. Vai~Ness and
Market: DCftitlve cure for all. Don't delay.
jtyve wnrrEns^ axijjsuppli es.
GUEAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWmTERS^Wa
sell better machines for less money than ;-ny
house in the city; rentals S3. The Typewrlte-
Exchange. 536 Callfornia;telephone Main 2G8.
A FEW good typewriters at $,}0 each; get par-
ticulars, L. A M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
Komery »t.
I'D-HAXD typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
>\pbst«r Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 24i» Fansome.
PROVOSAIiS. >
UNITED STATES EnglSer Office". Burke
Bldg., Seattle, Wash., July 25, 1903— Sealed
proposals for dredging Grays Harbcr and
Chehalis River. Wash., will be received here
until 12 m., August 2S,' 1003. and then pub-
licly cp»ned. Information furnished on appll-
catlon. JOHN MILLIS. MaJ. Engineer*.
CARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were- issued
yesterday:
Han3 Schroeter, .".9, Hamburg. Germany, and
Catharine Williams. 43. Chlcaco.
Massimo Vaeliente, 35, 4.".:» Fulton 6treet,
and Maria Bracco. It), 4:<3 Fulton street.
George Poplestone, ;15, £!0 First street, and
Agnes Farrant, :{y, 230 First street.
Pletro Ronconi, 22, Vallejo, and Gluseppina
Dominchini, 24, Vallejo.
Daniel Colin, 31. 40 Moss street, and Saran
Sadler. 2:J, 2t<2 Seventh street.
Li-mis E. F. Hartmann. 30,' 3000 Pierce street,
and Elizabeth M. Mclntyre, 2H. 3000 Pierce Bt.
Harrison Uoynton, 7<J, Suisun, and Anna M.
Myers, r>2, CoIusr.
Conrad N. Schild. 27. 1522 Stockton street,
and Elizabeth Zimmer, 29, 730 Filbert street.
Charles Lchn, 21, Eureka, and E. Lillian
Curtis, IS, city.
Henry A. Koster, 25, 02G Grove street, and
Maud E. Lardner. 2:1, SI 4 Hayes street.
Patrick McCarran, 28. Reno, Nev., and Mar-
tha H. Weeks. 21. Wells. Nev.
Benjamin Borren. 3H. 429 Grove street, and
Leah Van Drufr. S3, 01."» Laguna Ptreet.
Dan I. Danrluer. 19, city, and Katherine I.
McGlvney, 27, Larkspur.
Thomas Deasy, 21, city, and Marie Colvln,
IS. city.
Charles Casalegno, 80, 1419 Mason street,
and Angela Amosso, 20, 504 Union street.
Chung Yuen Law, '25. 018'4 Jackson street,
and Ping Gan. 23. ft-'O Sacramento street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
ABRAMSON— In this city. August 10, 1903, to
the wife of E. Abramson, a eon.
JEFFERESS— In this city. August 14. 1903, to
the wife of Robert Jefferess, a son.
MEYER— In this city, to the wife of Rudolf
Meyer, a son.
RYAN — In this city, August 7, 1903, to the
wife of Thomas F. Ryan, a son.
SMITH— In this city, to the wife of Thomas
Smith, a daughter. s .
WEEKS— In thi3 city, August 20. 1903, to the
wife of R. P. Weeks, a daughter.
MARRIED. — —
BUTT— RUSH— In this city, August 19. 1903,
by the Rev. F. AV. Fischer, pastor of the
Emanuel Evangelical Church, Christopher
F. Butt end Annie M. Rush, both of ( San !
Francisco.
MYERS— LINCOLN— In this city. August 5.
lU).'i. at St. John's rectory, by the Rev. C.
S. Thackeray, Albert Myers and Lillian E.
Lincoln.
DIED.
Bates. Ernest Jones, Joel B.
Bogel. Emma L. ' Knudsen, Louise E.
Brady. Thomas Lund. Sidney O.
Caulfleld. Jennie M. McDonald, Thomaa
Delpech. Amedee McQuaide. Daniel B.
Demartinl. James Musgrif. Clara A.
Du Py, Marie G. O'Connor. Michael
Eagar, Walter S. O'Connor. Owen
Fogel, Tillle Piercy. Mary
Gibson. Mary Schonfeld. Louis
Gregori. Rudolph Tletjen. Florence I.
Hack, Lena Waugh, Mary D.
Hamerton. John W.
BATES— In this city, August 20, 1903, Ernest,
beloved son of George and Lorana Bates, a
native of Maine, aged 32 years.
BOGEL — In this city. August 18. 1903, Emma
Louisa, beloved wife of Henry F. Bogel,
mother of Carl, Rita and George Bogel and
infant daughter, daughter of Mrs. C. Engel,
' and sister of John A. Kretschmar, Mrs. F.
E. Redfleld and Carl F., Frieda and Julia
Engel. a native of San Francisco, aged 28
years 3 months and 11 days, i
lyFrieniis and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Friday. August 21, 100.1, at 1:30 o'clock, at
the residence of her sister. Mrs. F. E. Red-
fleld, 1015 Taylor street, between Union and
Filbert. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
BRADY— In this city, August 19, 1903, Thomas,
beloved husband of Annie Brady, and uncle
of Mrs. John English, a native of County
Cavan. Ireland, aged 05 years. (New. York
papers clease copy.)
G7"Frien<in and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, trom the parlors
of Carew & English, 29 Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a re-
quiem high macs will be celebrated for the
repose of hie soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
OFFICERS and members'of the Veteran Volun-
teer Firemen's Association will please assem-
ble at hall, 2S3 Jessie street, on Friday morn-
ing, August 21, at 8:30 a. m. sharp, to at-
tend the funeral of our late brother, Thomas
Brady. By order. .
STEPHEN BUNNER. President.
J. J. McMAHON, Rec. Sec. ..
CAULFIELD — In this city, August 20. 1903,
Jennie M., beloved daughter of Charles H.
and Jennie R. Caulfleld, and eister of Har-
old Caulfleld, a native of New York City,
aged 19 years.
IC7The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents, 2330 Post street, thence
to Holy Cress Church, where a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her eoul,
commencing at 10 'o'clock. Interment pri-
vate in Holy Cross Cemetery.
DELPECH — In Los Gatos, August 19, 1903,
Amedee Delpech. beloved husband of Ger-
malne Delpech, and ( father of Marguerltte
Delpech, a native' of France, aged C2 years
and 4 months.
ICTTriends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
August 21, 19CJJ, at 2 o'clock, from the mor-
tuary chapel of Julius S. Godeau, 305 Mont-
gomery avenue, thence to I. O. O. F. Hall,
where services will be held under the aus-
pices of Franco-Amerlcalne Lodge No. 207.
DEMARTINI— In this city, August 20, 1903,
James, dearly beloved son of Rosle and the
late Paul Demartinl, and loving brother of
Victor, Emello. Charley. Mary and Lena
Demartinl, a native of Ban Francisco, aged
33 years.
CJr Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
at 10 o'clock, from his late residence) 515
Union street, between Stockton and Dupont
etreets, thence to Bts. Peter and Paul's Ital-
ian Church, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul.
DU PY— In this city, August 19, 1903, Marie
Glbelln du Py. beloved mother of Octave and
Peter du Py and Mrs. H. D. Scripture, and
grandmother of Hortense Maugtn, a native of
France, aged 64 years and 8 months.
ET Funeral Friday. August 21, 1903, at
8:30 o'clock, from her late residence, 1517
Sacramento street, thence to French Church
(Notre Dame des Vlctolres). Interment pri-
vate, Holy Cross Cemetery. .
EACJAR — In Alameda, August 20.' 100*. Wal-
ter S. Eagar, youngest son of Mrs. Thomas
Eagar. a native of California, aged 32 years.
C7JFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday, August 22, 1903, at 1:45 o'clock, at
the chapel at I. O. O. F. Cemetery. San
. Francisco.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
' . (Successors to Flannagan St Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mkt.>
FUNERAL DIRECTOHS-AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
— Funeral Directors and Bmbalmers — — —
Formerly in Metropolitan Temple.
Now at 860 MISSION. Tel. South 1G7.
Between Fourth and Fifth, Near, Fifth st.
Flneet Equipments at Moderate Rates.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
11 ¦ OF THE——
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Commercial Union
ASSURANCE COMPANY, Limited,
OF LONDON. ENGLAND. ON THE 31FT
day of December. A. V. 19C2, and for
the year ending on that day. as mid* to tha
Insurance Commissioner r.t the State of Cal-
ifornia, pursuant to the provisions cf Sections
610 and «11 of the Political Code, condensed
•a per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company... |8S».U8 B9
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 212.000 00
Cash Market Value of all Sfxrka
and Bonds owned by Company.. 2.140.1W1 2*
Cash In Company's Office ».-^ 6." 1
Cash In Banks 175.730 50
Interest due and accrued on all
Stock* and Loans 1.0 13 23
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 3.1M 18
Premiums In due Course of Col-
lection 630.792 70
Bill* receivable. not Matured.
taken for Fire and Marine Risks. 0.H4 41
Rents due and accrued 5.70SJ 17
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid. 23 93
Total Asset* .*4.073.824 77
LIABILITIES.
Losses ailjttxted and unpaid $79.080 00
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 2 i2- 2 * 3 °°
losses resl*ted. including expenses. ai.200 00
Orons premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning on* year or less. $2,292.-
OT1 30; relns'inino- 3t> per cent.. 1.146. 4M 70
Orop* premlumn on Fire Risk* run-
nfng mere than one year. $2,120.-
002 04; reinsurance oro rata... 1.113.494 09
Gro** premiums on Marine and
Inland Navigation Risks. $...;
reinsurance 100 per cent ¦ 61.138 08
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Itl.«k«. f : reinsurance SO
per cent
Amount ' reclalmaMe by the tn-
¦ sured on perpetual Fire Insur-
ance Policies 103.41*113
All other liabilities 134.033 42
Tola! Liabilities »2.S»t.8fil 33
INCOME. ~~
Net canh actually received for Fire
premiums $2.S10.0M «4>
Net cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums 181.4SO 63
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 10,408 13
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and
from all other sources 71,37i> 4H
RerelveJ for Rent» M.813 83
Total Income .$3.081.863 73
EXPENDITVRE& ~ ~~
Net amount cal.l for Fire Losses .
(Including! losses of Ore-
vlous years) I1.6M.61O 1 09
Net amount paM for Marina
Losses (Including $ losses
of previous years ¦.. 116,813 68
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage 848.830 4T
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 142.913 49
Paid for State National and Local
¦ taxes 72.243 7S
All other payments and rtpendl-
tures 148.538 74
Total* Expenditures 12.663,800 20
"~FtreI
Leases Incurred durlcg the year. -I1.S70. 433 73
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
yea"" 1 . . d . arinS . - the $337,002,333 H.034.476 39
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 33S.0O9.101 3.702,333 09
Net amount In force
December 31. 1902. '. 403.174.717 4.413.S73 43
Mar. Risks.! Premiums.
Net amount of "Risks
y\rar ten ...' 1U . rlP '..! h ? $39,040,561 $261.239 06
Net amount of Risks
expired Curing the
year 57.662.t54 272.320 38
Net amount In forc«|
December 31. 19O3.I 4.133.3&4 | S4.543 29
' ~ C. F. MULLIN3.
Pacific Coast Branch Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before the, this
10th day of March, 1903. £
Deputy Insurance Commissioner.
416 California Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT .
—OF THE
CONDITION AND AF7AIB3
OF TH&
ALLIANCE
ASSURANCE COMPANY, Limited,
OF LONDON, ENGLAND, oa the 31st day
of December. A. D. 1902. and for th«
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia. Dursuant to the provisions of sections
eiO and 61 1 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by th« Commissioner:
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by <:ompany... $173,170 87
Cash Market Value «f all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. MJ-J5 0 °°
Cash In Banks - •• T3.868 80
Interest due and accrued on all ___...
Stocks and Loans 2,230 00
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 63.430 81
Rents due and accrued 363 00
Due from other Companies for re- . _*_.„_
Insurance on losses already paid 2.031 93
Total Aseeta $904.317^0
LIABILITIES. ~*
Losses adjusted and unpaid $16 33
Losses In process of Adjustment ,.,,,„
or In Suspense 10,143 83
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or less.
$233.434 17; reinsurance 60 per •
cent :>¦ • • 118.717 09
Gross premiums en Flr« Risks
running rnor« than on« year.
S11S 921 22; reinsurance pro rata 63,313 43
Due and accrued fof salaries, rent.
etc 4,966 33
Commissions and Brokerage du<»
and to become due 11.194 S3
All other Liabilities 11.397 57
/ Total Liabilities » j«7,233^64
INCOME. ~
Net cash actually received for *lr«
•premiums • • • • • • • • • ; • ?¦*• °» 0 "' °*
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and , --MM
from all other sources lf.6*l 9*
Received for Rents 13,821 SO
Total Income $300.111 12
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
N 'including feWT. losses of pre-
vlous yeafs) •••• ?S3.B81 43
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage •• :"H" w. 730 63
t*»i<i for Salaries. Fees and other
Pa char*es tor officers, clerks. Me. . 14.1S3 03
PaW for State. National and Local
tax?* •••••¦• • ¦ wiSvi id
All other payments and expend!-
tur«a >.... ">.w* ca
Total Expenditure* $184.723 67
FlrV
Losses Incurred daring the year. .. $ 88.743 11
R , gk8 a nd Premiums. IFire Rlaks.| Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
£^.^.^$29,230,241 $ smtnu
Net amount of Risks
EaT 1 . . d ! r1 !*. .! h ? 25.165.083 847.583 81
W £c«'gg£ it 3i l r iSw! a».M».m 332.333 x>
SAMUEL R. WEED, of Weed A Kennedy.
U. S. Manssers. •
Subscribed and sworn to before me thu 14th
day of 1 |SW.,NoUr, Public
416 California Street,
San Frsmclgco.
THE WEEKLY CALL
$1 &&r Year.
FOGEL— In this city. August 20. 1003, . Tillle.
beloved dauirhter of George and Oolda Fogel,
and slater of Mrs. Llllie Maguire. Mrs. Mae
B Wlafttferwltz and Jacob." Reuben, Emanuel
and Jelirile Fogel. a native' Of, San Francisco,
aged 22 years 10 months and 10 days. -.•.-¦-
) ' (CTFuneral and lntefment private.
GIBSON— In this city, August 10. 1003. Mary,
beloved wife of the late Samuel S. Gibson,
and mother of George, James, William H. and
Samuel Gibson and the late Louise B. Wal-
dron, n native 0/ County Limerick, Ireland,
aged <J2 years.
CS'Frleiids and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday) at 8:.TO o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 535 Minna street, thence .to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a' solemn requiem high
mas* will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul at I) o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
GREGORI— In this city, August 20, 1903, Ru-
dolph, d#arly beloved son of Augustlna and
Narclso Grtgorl. brother of Albert. Rlnaldo
and Edith Oregorl. and nephew of Auguetlna
and John Gandolfo.\ a native of San Fran.
Cisco, aged 8 years 5 months and 20 days.
HACK— In this city. August 10. 190.1, Lena,
beloved wife of Christian Hack, mother Of
Alexander and Barbara Hack, and daughter
of Alexander Ladynskt. a native of Ger-
many, aged 30 years 4 months and -3 days.
A member of Elmwood Circle, Women of
Woodcraft, of Winters. Cal.
ICyFrlemls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend . Hie fi-neral to-day
(Friday) at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery. >
HAMERTON'— In this city. August 20, 1003,
John " William, beloved husband ot Martha
Hamerton. father cf Mrs. Lillian M. Thurs-
ton and Cert E. H.imerton, and brother of ;
Mrs. J. Morrison. Mrs. R. J. Wilson, Mrs. ¦
C. Hamerton, Mrs. J. L. Steventon and ;
Charles William Hamerton, a native of Eng-
land, aged E:i yeafs 1 month and 1 day.
(Uatavia, N. Y.. papers please copy.)
JOXKS— In this city. August 18. 1003. Joel B.,
beloved husband of Gussie Jones, and father j
of Gerald JoneSi a native of London. Eng-!
land, aged Oft yeara 5 months and 17 days.
CFrlendB and acquaintances are respect- |
fully Invited to attend the. funeral to-day
(Friday), at 0:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1018 Pine street, near Van Ness ave-
nue. Intermeitl Home of Peace Cemetery by
11 o'clock train from Third and* Townsend
. streets.
KNUDSEN— In Berlin. Germany, August 17,
liKKJ, Louies E* M. Knudsen, beloved daugh-
ter of Philip J. and Lillle Duncan Kmid-
."on, and sister of Dagmar, Charlotte L. and
Harold D. .Knudsen. a native of Oakland,
Cal., aged 24 years. •/'
LUND — In tnls city, August 20. 1003, (Sidney
Oliver, beloved son of August and Dagmar
\Lund, and brother of Paul Leslie Lund and
the late George Clifford Lund, a native of
San Francisco, agod 1 month and 17 .lays.
McDONALD— In the City and County Hospital,
August 20, 1903, Thomas McDonald, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 27 years.
McQUAIDE— In this city, August 20. 1003.
Daniel B., beloved son of the late Patrick
and Margaret McQuaide. and brother of J.
P., A. T. and h". IX McQuaide,- a native of
San Francisco, aged 34 years.
E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany, 20 Fifth street, thence to St. Roses
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repos» of his soul,
commencing at 0 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. •
MUSGRIF — In this city, August 10. 1903, Clara
A. Musgrif, beloved wife of Eugene L. Mus-
Krlf, a native of Norway, aged 53 years 8
months and 0 days.
O'CONNOR— In this city, August 19, 1903,
Michael F., beloved husband of Katherlne
O'Connor, father of Howard and Bernlce
O'Connor, and son of George O'Connor, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 4S year*.
[CT-The funeral will take place to-day
(Friday), at 0:45 o v clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 707 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for, services
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. A requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul Saturday, August
22, 1003. at 8 o'clock, at St. Patrick's
Church.
O'CONNOR — In this city, August 20, 1003.
Owen, beloved husband of the late Catherine
O'Connor, and father of Mary, Birdie and
John M. O'Connor, a native of. County Kerry,
Ireland, aged 84 years.
PIERCY—ln this city, August 10,-' 1003, 'at the
residence of her son. A. J. Piercy, 3548
• Twenty-third street, Mary Piercy, beloved
mother of Mrs. J. L. Martell and A. J.,
B. M. and the late Samuel W. Piercy, and
grandmother' of Viola C. Piercy, a native of
Ireland, aged S4 years. (San Jose papers
please copy/)
tDTriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-day (Friday), at
2 o'clock, at the residence of her eon, A. J.
Piercy, 3548 Twenty-third street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
SCHONFELD— In this city, .August 10, 1003,
at his residence. 540 Gough street, corner
Fulton, Louis, dearly beloved 1 ' husband of
Catherine Schonfeld. father of Louis Jr.,
George and Hedwlg Schonfeld, brother of
. Mrf. Aug. Trost of Germany and David and
the late August Schonfeld. son-in-law of
Mrs. Marnarethe Hess, 1 and brother-ln-lav
of Mrs. John Jebe and Mrs. Ellse Metdner of
Seattle, a native of Frankenberg, Hessen,
.Germany, aged 44 ' years 5 months .and 26
days. A member of San Franciieo' Turn
Verein and San Francisco Turner Schufetzen.
(Frankenberg and New York papers please
copy.) . ... ,
$y Friends and 'acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
August 23, from San Francisco Turn Verein
Hall. 323 Turk street, near Hyde,, where
funeral services will be held, commencing at
2 o'clock. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
TIETJEN— In this city. August 10. 1003, Flor-
ence Irene Tletjen, beloved daughter of
George H. and Lizzie N. Tletjen, and eister
' of Addie, Grace, Otto, George, Elmer, Le-
land and Harry Tietjen. a native of San
Francisco, aged 16 'years 5 months and 8
day*. S
ITS' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Saturday), at 10 o'clock, at the
parlors of Valente. Marlnl & Co.. 1524 Stock-
ton street, between Union and Green, thence
direct to Cypress Lawn Cemetery by car-
riage.
WAUGH— In Oakland, August 20, 1003, Mary
Dorothy, beloved daughter of E. J. and
Maud Waugh, a native of Oakland, aged 2
years and 5 months.Mayor Schmlu and the' Muslctans' . Union.'
Read : the Wbsd's comments. ¦ -¦'
Beet business houses in the city are our ciis
t«"«t. Mysell-RolUns, 22 Clay, x-rinters. •
Selby's Complaint Is Faulty.
Isaac Belby, the Australian minister who
sued Donald McRae. the furniture dealer, for
(25,000 damages for alienating the affections
of Mrs. Selby. and who appeared as his own
lawyer when the case came up on demurrer in
Judge Sloes' court, must amend his complaint.
Judge Sloss yesterday - sustained McRae's de
murrer to the complaint and allowed the min
t.m— «<a days to amend.
t A. Reid, secretary of the Yosemlte Laundry
? Company, denies that the firm 'with which 5 he
Is connected will ; Join 1 the proposed combine.
He says that the : proprietors of the Yosemlte
Laundry . have been approached on : the ¦.. sub
ject of affiliation . with a central organization,
but. the terms were not satisfactory and were
rejected. -
Will Not Join the Combine.
Shine and Martin to Go East.
United States Marshal John H. Shine and
Captain of Detectives Martin will leave for
JC*w Tork next Sunday morning, having In
charge Jule* Anton Joergensen. the defaulting
esthler of the Bank of Copenhagen, who has
been ordered extradited to Denmark to be tried
lor hit crime. **S?SfeE
For poison oak nothing equals Dr. Koe
rlgcteln'8 Red Balve. •
The subjugation of the Indian has cost
tt45.000.O00 and his education $240,000,000.
T. P. Canham. a Grand Army veteran'- be
longing to Lincoln Post, secured a . warrant
from Police" Judge Mogan yesterday -for the
arrest of William Carter, 20 years of age on
a charge of battery. Canham said that Carter
had been making - sneering remarks about his
uniform and on Wednesday night as Canham
was leaving his homo at 24- Bernard street
Carter, was very offensive In his remarks. • Can
ham remonstrated with him and he. picked up
a rock and threw it atj Canham, striking him
on the -head. . : •
Struck Veteran With Rock.
Robert Shenson. saloon-keeper, 28? Shipley
street, was driving a butcher's wagon be
longing to his father across Folsom street
between Fifth and Sixth, yesterday morning!
when electric car No. 1021 struck the rear
of the wagon, throwing Shenson to the ground
He was taken to his lather's home at 055
Folsom gtreet and a physician was summoned
to attend him as he refused to «ro to the
Central Emergency Hospital.
Injured by an' Electric Car.
James P. Hughes, alias . Hllllker. who was
arrested on Wednesday .'- for grand larceny,
agreed to plead guilty to. petty larceny. before
Police Judge Cabanlss yesterday. The Judge
sentenced him to serve five .months- in' the-
County .Jail. I -While- Mrs. Jennie Trotter of
C7 Jasper street was looking at .'the parade at
Ninth and Market streets Hughes made a grab
for her purse.-
Purse Snatcher Sentenced.
Lartigan Wants Money Back.
J. P. I>artlgaa. who invested $5000 in the
Golden West Company, a cream of tartar man
ufacturing corporattpn. filed a eult . yesterday
to recover bis monty. He claims that O. de
L^tour. secretary aord manager of the corpora
tion, falsely represented- to him the value of
the plant.
Sylvester Pearl petitioned the Superior Ccuit
yesterday to appoint the California Saf* De
posit and Trust Company guardian. of the per
ten and relate of his mother. Elizabeth Pearl,
»n alleged Incompetent. -A petition for. guar
diacchlp over Mrs. Pearl was filed several days
&go by Mrs. Pecrl'a sister.
Opposes Aunt's Petition.
Is sometimes tolmost as difficult as nam
ing the baby. find the task an easy
one if you bring your pictures to us and
try the moldings and mats here.' We have
6O many varieties of moldings and sucn
exquisite ones that a satisfactory selec
tion is quickly made. Sanborn. Vail &
Co., 7« Market street. •
Framing the Picture
Notwithstanding the vigilance of the. police
thieves. and pickpockets continue to ply their
vocation on the streets and on the street car?.
J H. Storey of Philadelphia, who Is stop
ping at the Palace Hotel, reported to, the
police that on Wednesday evening ' three men
Jostled him on a • car on Market street, near
Turk and when he put his hand In his pocket
he missed his purse. It contained $37 ¦ In
coin, a railroad ticket to Philadelphia and a
ticket to Yellowstone Park.
Mrs. A Bailey of Sacramento, who is stop
ping at the Occidental Hotel, reported that
while she was leaving the Palace Hotel on
Wednesday afternoon her satchel was snatched
from her. It contained a pume wllh • $6, a
railroad pass to Sacramento. ; her certificate
as an army nurse and other papers. ¦ There
was- quite a crowd near her at the time and
she did not see the thief.
Visitor Robbed on Streetcar and
Lady's Satchel Stolen at
Palace Hotel.
CROOKS CONTINUE TO
V'f PLY THEIR VOCATION
Time of departure ¦ from Tiburon ferry next
Sunday will be 8:30 a. ,m.. and on the return
train will leave Uklah at B p, in. •
The Uklah excursion will take .place next
Sunday. August 23. The round trip tickets
have been placed at' the very moderate rate
of $2.00 (regular round trip $9.00) and a com
fortable 6eat Is assured each passenger. The
California Northwestern Railway Is always very
successful on any excursion it gives, becauso
It takes special pains for the comfort and con
venience of its travelers.
At this season this trip is a delightful one;
the climate is perfect and the scenery is beau
tiful At Uktah there Is a stop of about four
hours to visit all the places of interest In this
section. Starting from San Francisco the bay
trip Is a great pleasure on the well appointed
ferry steamers of the company. At Tiburon
connection Is at once made with the train, and
it Is a train of great comfort and every con
venience. The trip through Marln. Sonoma,
Eant^Rosa. Russian River and Uklah Valleys
gives an ever changing panorama of scenery.
This Is a trip that can be taken over and
over again and always with the highest pleas
ure and satisfaction. There Is always some
thing new. There are beautiful landscapes,
towns and villages all along, and for a num
ber of miles the Russian River parallels the
road.
We do not know that we could recommend
a more delightful trip, and when a person gets
home he Is not tired and worn out and dusty.
It is the luxury of travel and there is ease
and relaxation all the time. It Is an escape
from the toil and worry of every day life; but
this excursion Is not merely • leaving the city
it Is going on a delightful little Jaunt through
the fairest portion of the State. It Is a visit
to the garden section of California, Including
the redwoods and pine country, where the air
and water are calculated to put new life into
a man and make his blood course with the
pulse beats of vigorous youth. Tickets now on
Bale at 050 Market street ¦ (Chronicle Building)
and at Tiburon ferry.
Excursion to TJkiah.
UBS. H. "W. HUTTON GIVES
NOTICE OF DIVORCE SUIT
Wife of Police Commissioner Files
Lis Pendens to Prevent Trans
fer of Property.
- There was filed In the Recorder* s office yes
terday » Us pendens in the suit for divorce
of Inez Sexton Hutton against Police Commis
sioner H.'W. Hutton..
The document Is flle\I to prevent any transfer
of property numbered 020, 022 and 024 Hyd*
street and also numbers 2918, 2920 and - 2U22
Pacific avenue, and also proDerty In Santa
Clara County, being lot 24 In the Cottage Grove
tract. ¦ -• " .
The document says that the object o» the
action is to obtain a Judgment di^Vvlne ;h«
bonds of matrimony between the plaintiff and
Defendant Hutton and the division of the prop
erty and the setttnc aside as fraudulent cl a
conveyance of the lot in Santa Clara County
made on August 13. 1903. by Huttoi to Aaron
lLawson. who is a also made a defendant In the
•ult. •
A complaint in the dlvorc« rult was filed at
San Jose yesterday by D. M. Delmas, attorney
for Mrs. Hutton. V
Postal Clerks and Carriers.
;/ __ _ — .
The United State* Civil Servw Commission
announces examinations In thfl city' on No
vember 21 for the positions of carrier and male
and female clerks for the postofflce service In
this city. Age limit. 18 to 45 years. Apply
to - the secretary of the Consolidated Board of
Civil Service Examiners, 301 Jackson street,
for application form 101.
DIES AT THE COUNTY HOSPITAI*— Flor
enc« Tletjen, 18 years old. died at the City
»nd County Hospital yesterday morning,
•whither she • had . be«n removed from her home
at 530 Sanchez street, after giving: birth to a
The Grand Council of the Young Men's In
stitute held its annual election of officers for
the current year yesterday morning. James
D. Whalen of this city was ' chosen v grand
nresident and Rev. Father M. D. blattery -^f
Napa grand chaplain of the Institute.
A set of resolutions expressing grief and
sympathy at the death of Pope Leo XIII were
Introduced and unanimously adopted by the
executive committee. The followlne officers,
in addition to those named, were elected :
Honorary Brand chaplain. Rev. P. W. Rior
dan; grand first president. J. P. Fitzgerad;
grand second vice president, Charles J. Wily;
grand secretary, G. A. Stanley; grand-treas
urer \V T. AgBler; grand marshal, Herman
Berg- grand Inside sentinel, P. J. Thornton;
grand outside sentinel, Charles D. O'Connor;
grand directors— J. J. Burke. A. Scar, W. J.
Kelly, E. R. Myrlck. H. S. Sharp. T.,A. Cody
and E. G. Fitzgerald. |
James D. Whalen of This City Is
Chosen Grand President of
the Organization. . ,
OFFICERS ARE ELECTED
TO GOVERN THE Y. M. I.
The ¦ amended demurrer •• to the petition of
Isaac Kohn to have- the Pacific Coa-4t Wart
house Company declf.red Insolvent under, the
State law was overruled by Judge Murasky
yesterday, as was the original Ismurrer sonic
weeks aco. The petition was demurred- to en
the ground that It was ambleuoas ond that
the action was barred by the statuU of limita
tions. In overruling the demurrer and thus de
termining that the petition mil be heaM on
Its merits Judce Murasky Maid: \
"It is true that it has been leli by Judge
Plattt of the Dinrict Court of the United States
In arid for the District of Connecticut Uiot the
act of Congress, approved. July 1, tS.w, .estab
lishing a uniform system of bankruptcy,
throughout the United States T-iperaedea
State insolvent laws and that 'It is net Im
portant that by an express provision of th.>
bankruptcy act a corporation Is excepted from
the category of those who are purmitte-1 . to
enloy Its privileges as voluntary bankrupt*,
which would neem to Indicate that not wit n
'standlng the petitioner carried on a -business
which precluded It from seeking relief under
the provisions of the act of Congress It was
nevertheless forbidden to apply to the State
C0<1 The Supreme Court of this State In the cas»
of Herron Company vs. Superior Court. 130
California. pa B e 279. has held: 'If. the bank
ruptcy act excepts a class of cases from Us
operation, either In express terms or by n«j<ws
sary Implication, it must be considered thut
It was the Intention of Congress not to lnterf^ro
in that class of cases with the laws of the rov
cral States In reference thereto. The btnte
laws will, remain operative in all cases which
are not within the provisions of the bank
rU "It y has t 'be^n held that this petitioner .¦ not
within the provisions of the bankruptcy act
and therefore, following the rula laid down ,i by
our Supreme Court. It is ordered that the de
murrer be overruled." '
Murasky Holds Petition of Isaac
Kohn Is Entitled to Hearing.
DEMURRER IS OVERRULED.
•VV. !>. Pool of '1024 Minna street called
at police headquarters yesterday morning: and
Identified a quantity of the Jewelry found on
Edward Harris, alias Cohen, who vas arrested
on Wednesday by Detectives Harper and Arm
strons-
Identifies His Property.
J. C. McGregor, who, with George Kyan,
conducts a "shew" at 40C Dupont street, al
leges In a suit for an accounting and dissolu
tion of partnership filed yesterday that Ryan
has fraudulently converted the proceeds of the
business to his own use.
Partners Are at Outs.
Regarding the complaint of property
owners concerning the sewering of Lib
erty street, between Church and San
chez, Mrs. R. R. Fell stated that she
was ready to build the sewer, and the
property owners were given two weeks
to have the work done by private con
1 The committee referred the petition of
the Quartermaster /of the War Depart
ment that Lyon street be graded to the
official line, to the Board of Public
Works for investigation and report. The
War Department desires to build a wall
along the Presidio Reservation.
Action was postponed for two weeks on
the petition of V. Hoffman to pave with
basalt blocks, the sidewalk of Sansome
street, between Vallejo and Green, as
recommended by the Board of Works.
The second improvement will be that of
the repaying of Spear, street., from Market
to Mission, at an estimated cost of $11,600.
This work was also delayed last year "at
the instigation of property owners who
desired time to raise their sidewalk3 .to
the official grade necessitated by the work
of repaving. Supervisor Hrandensteln ap
peared before the committee and urged
that the work be done, &z everything was
now In readiness. Assistant Secretary
Keogh of the Board of Works assured the
committee that the money . necessary
would be forthcoming, but he requested
that the necessary authority for the
building of the Sixth-stret sewer be also
passed, and the committee acquiesced. It
Is expected that the cost of repaving
Spear street will exceed the first estimate
of $11,600, owing to the increased cost of
basalt blocks.
The first ordinance will deal with the
construction of a sewer In Sixth street,
bids for which were Invited during the
last fiscal year. The lowest bid was
$53,000, but. as the estimate made by the
City Engineer was only ?49,00G, the City
Attorney ruled that the' contract could
not be awarded at the increased figure.
New bids will now be Invited after the
ordinance has been finally passed and the
TV L rk will be done at once.
The Street Committee of the Board of
Supervisors decided yesterday to Introduce
two ordinances at next : Monday's meet
ing of the' board for the doing of street
work, the aggregate cost of whffch will be
$65,000.
With regard to the marking of the
grain bags, the bookkeeper testified that
some of -the sacks bore old numbers, but
that a variance in numbers was discov
ered only in one instance, that when an
old number had been covered by a new
one. The different lots were taken up
separately and discussed. He had marked
some of them and was always guided by
Superintendent Dexnlng. . : ; .". ;
Henry C. Bunker of the Merchants* Ex
change told how he had gone to Crockett
with an order from the Eppingers for the
purpose of. claiming grain for. the.Amer
ican National Bank and the Bank of Mon
terey. He was directed by Demlng to
the different lots he had made a record
of and said the banks held warehouse
f eceJpts for everything claimed. Attorney
David Freidenrich, who represents nearly
all the banks, with the exception of these
two, attempted . to show that the ware
house people had "tipped" the two banks
of the coming failure and that they
hastened to satisfy their claims before
the crash, regardless of to whom the
grain they marked belonged.
The hearing: In the Eppinger bankruptcy
case was continued before Referee Milton
Green yesterday morning. The session
before noon was devoted to the examina
tion of Edmond Freund, who, for the past
ten years, had been bookkeeper for the
insolvent firm. In the afternoon Henry C.
Bunker, grain expert for the Merchants'
Exchange, took the etand and after he
had been Questioned by the attorneys rep
resenting the different factions an ad
journment was taken until next Wednes
day morning at 10:30 o'clock.
When the hearing was called to order
the room was filled with, legal represen
tatives. Attorney Henry Ach looked out
for the Eppinger end and principal among
the bank representatives were David
Freidenrich, Attorney Chickering. Q. C.
Van Ness and Gavin McNab. Frequent
objections were made, particularly by
Ach, and at one time in the afternoon the
proceedings came nearly to a halt that
the court might be given an opportunity
to decide as to the admlseibility of cer
tain evidence. As it was,, numerous ob
jections were made and numerous ques
tions were certified to the court for a de
cision as to their propriety.
Freund was asked particularly con
cerning the disappearance of the ware
house books. He professed absolute
Ignorance of the matter and 6aid Dem-
Ing furnished him with the information
that they had been taken to San Fran
cisco, where they were needed. On the
day before the closure, and about 10
o'clock atnight. the books were placed in
a dry goods box on the wharf and
wrapped in burlap. Witness did not know
what became of them or to whom they
had been shipped. The San Joaquin an*
t barge were at the wharf that night
and came on to the city. The missing
records may have been taken on board,
but Freund would not swear that such
was the case.
"It was I, and not Nolan, that stopped
Whitelaw from beating Mrs. Mathews.
Nolan sneaked to court and pleaded
guilty to gain the little benefit that was
due me by stopping Whitelaw from beat
ing Mrs. 'Mathews. I have good, honor
able folks that I would not want to bear
the disgrace of my being implicated in
the assault on a poor, defenseless woman.
I have too much respect for women to
be guilty of any such thing."
The Judge In passing sentence said that
he believed Davis 'when he said that he
did not know that any one was at home
and that he went simply for Che purpose
of committing burglary. Nolan had been
the instigator of the crime, and the heav
ier sentence had on that account been
given him. Such crimes must be stopped
and the perpetrators must be made an
example of so as to deter others from
following in their footsteps.
This ends the fate of the quartet con
cerned in the brutal crime. Docia Nolan
has been sentenced to eight years, Ber
nard Whitelaw to imprisonment for life,
Michael Nolan to twenty-five years and
John Davis to twenty years.
Eugene Eagan, an ex-convict, who was
convicted by a jury in Judge Dunne's
court on a charge of robbery, was sen
tenced yesterday to serve ten years in
San Quentin. He held up Peter Madera
of 606 Second street at the Second street
bridge on the night of April 17 and robbed
him of $1, which Madera had borrowed
from a friend a few minutes prior to the
hold-up.
Davis asked the privilege of making a
statement under oath. He was sworn and
testified that he had been willing to plead
guilty at the first calling of the case,
but was dissuaded by-Michael Nolan, who
said be could beat the case. Nolan, said
Davis, was not in the house at the com
mission of the crime, but plotted it. Nolan
said Docia Nolan had told him that
there was $4000 in the house, as she knew
it through Mrs. Tuttle's little daughter,
who had told her niece. For two weeks
prior to the crime Nolan had been con
stantly after him to commit the crime.
"On the morning of March 4," Davis
continued, "Nolan came to my room and
told me to get up, as the others had gon^
out there and that everything was clear,
the folks having gone away. Nolan said
there was $4000 or $5000 in it. I had been
and was under the influence of opium and
drink and did not fully realize what 1
was doing when I consented to go, and
had I known there was anybody at home
I would never have went.
John Da\i», one of the thugs who beat
and robbed Mrs. Emma V. Mathews at
the home of her daughter, Mrs. Ida E.
Tuttle, 543 Halght street, on the after
noon of March A, pleaded guilty to a
charge of robbery before Judge Cook yes
terday morning. He asked for the le
niency of the court, and the Judge sen
tenced him to serve twenty years in San
Quentin.
Board of Works to Build
the Sixth Street
Sewer.
Makes Statement Bear
ing Out Case of the
Prosecution.
Bookkeeper FreuDd Is
Unable to Locate
Them.
WILL PROSECUTE
IMPROVEMENTS
Dan I. Danziger, aged 10 years, and Miss
Katherine I. McGivney, aged 27 years, were
married yesterday afternoon by Justice of the
Peace Lone In the chambers of. his court.
i Last Monday the couple eloped to San
Joee and the groom applied for a license. At
the same time a message was received by the
police In San Jose, from the parents of the
groom, stating that he was under age and not
to (grant . him a license. The couple were
forced to abandon their wedding and return
to this city.
Danziger, after much pleading, finally se
cured his parents' > consent, and yesterday
afternoon they accompanied him to the office
of the County Clerk and the license was Is
sued. . The bride was formerly married to a
man named Martin, but she was granted a
divorce and permission to resume her maiden
name, .
Ban I. Danziger Weds Woman of Sis
Choice After Having Met With
Much Opposition.^ / ¦ ).
PABENTS GIVE CONSENT
AND SON GETS MARRIED
DAVIS ADMITS
HE IS GUILTY
CANNOT TRACE
MISSING BOOKS
Divorces were granted- to Emily B. Sa
maritter from Arthur R. R. Samarltter
for neglect. Jennie M. Picard from
Charles H. Picard for cruelty, Mary Ag
nes Cubitt from Albert E. Cubltt for
desertion and Susie M. Mann from Joseph
H. Mann for desertion. J::, .
In the suit for divorce brought by Mary
A. Clark asralnst James Clark, an em
ploye of : the [ hardware firm of j Baker &
Hamilton, a motion for a nonsuit was
taken under submission by Judge Gra
ham yesterday. ¦ The motion was made
by Clark's attorneys after the -hearing
of considerable testimony which showed
that both plaintiff and defendant wero
equally. blamable for their only too evi
dent marital unhapplness.
The court suggested to the Clarks that
there was a chance of both living hap
pily together if they would take a pledge
not to drink liauor for a year, the sug
gestion coming after Mrs. Clark had tes
tified, that she drank beer and scent 20
cents a day keeping a ; lard palL f ull of
the froyiy leverage, and Clark had said
that his breakfast usually consisted of
a glass, of whisky.
The suggestion was not taken kindly
by either of the litigants, so Judge Gra
ham took another tack, and suggested
that for'the benefit of their six children
they should kiss and make up.'
- "Come, now, Mrs. Clark, kiss your hus
band and go home with him," said the
court, beaming kindly upon the plaintiff.
"Kiss -him!", almost shouted the hard
ware man's wife. Jumping out of her
chair; "I'd rather kiss a Chinese."
This ended Judge Graham's efforts to
effect a. reconciliation, but he refused to
grant the divorce. . ,¦¦• .
Judge Troutt made an order yesterday
directing Elden S. Darrow. an employe
of. the Southern Pacific, to pay to Flor
ence Dariow $50 counsel fees and $30 a
month pending the trial of her suit for
divorce. Darrow claims that his wife's
efforts to get alimony is a systematic
scheme of persecution. He says that her
parents *are wealthy people and that
therefore she does not need his aid, par
ticularly as she refuses to live with him.
Presiding Judge Kerrigan; Issued an' or
der directing Captain S. A. Lefflngwell,
a well known mariner, to appear, before
Judge Hebbard August 24 and show cause
why he^should not be punished for con
tempt. : The order was made on petition
of Mrs. M. E. Leffinsrwell, his wife, who
says': her husband has not complied with
a court order directing him to pay her
$40 a month for her support.
The marriage of Eunice Meier to Au
gust Meier was annulled by Judge Ker
rigan on complaint of Mrs. Meier. She
said- she only recently learned that the
decree of divorce obtained for her from
her first husband a short time prior to
her marriage to Meier was fraudulently
obtained by the late Attoney Ben Nap
thaly. «
John Washington Casselll, who Is also
known as John W Case and John "W".
World, is the plaintiff in a suit for. di
vorce in which Beatrice Rothschild-Has
tings Casselli, also Beatrice x Case and Be
atrice World, is the defendant. The
charge is desertion, the man of many
names alleging that she deserted him in
1901, three years after their marriage.
Clara M. Dugan. alias Clara Mclntosh.
wants a divorce from Edward F. Dugan,
alias Mclhtosh, for 'cruelty.*. They were
marries in 3S99! '; • ¦*• • j
Suits for divorce- were also filed by
Luclnda Harrington against William Har
rington for desertion, Kate Miller against
George F. Mi!ler for neglect, Cora B.
Gibbs sjrainst Silas D." Gibbs for neg
lect and desertion. Bula S. Bright against
Fred R. Bright for neglect and Ada L.
Platt against Charles Plat«"for cruelty.
Our southern neighbors also claim that they
should be reduced because Los Angeles County
has had its assessment Increased $53,000,000
this year, and they point disparagingly to our
smaller increase this year. They do not refer
to the fact that while their county has for the
pagt four years had a low assessment, San
Francisco was raised by me in one year more
than $50,000,000. and that in four years our
roll has been increased by $75,000,000. They
evidently would penalize San Francisco be
cause her property has been fairly assessed for
four years while theirs remained low. Again,
the fact is not brought forward in this con
nection that they are comparing Los Angeles
County, with an area of 414^ square milea,
with the city of Ban Francisco, with an area
of 46 square miles. Nor is it considered that
the population of Los Angeles city increased in
ten years from 50,395 to 102.479. -a gain of
more than 100 per cent, while in the same pe
riod San Francisco gained less than 20 per
cent This <s one .occasion on .which our
Southern competitors instituted no comparison
as to growth in population and -wealth between
these two cities. In this eame period Los An
geles County increased in population 70 per
cent. Is it not to be expected that her wealth
would Increase with her population? W't hear
a great deal of the stream of wealth that has
been flowing into the south from Eastern
States and of her orange orchards at $1000 an
acre Why should not her assessment roll
show a proportionate Increase? And when
our city has presented an increase of $75,CO0,
000 as against the tardy increase of $50,000,
000 In her county, why should the State board
entertain this as an argument in favor of
raising San Francisco? I do not believe they
W 'in the increase from $300,000,000 in
1890 to $425,000,000 in 1903. shall the burden
of our taxpayers be increased now by the ac
tion of th» State board? ¦'.¦
When all the facts are before the board,
when the misleading evidence that has been
presented to It shall have been refuted, as I
will fee that It is. then I trust that the fact
will be recognized by our State board that
for five years past San Francisco has poured
her full quota of taxes Into the State treasury.
ASSESSMENT INCREASED.
I am dally interviewed by taxpayers who are
protesting against any such contemplated
action knowing their assessment to be now
not only reasonable but Just. To our taxpayers
and to our owners of real estate I desire to say
that when the proper time cornea the State
board will be Informed of the true condition' in
Ban Francisco. Misleading and untrue state
ments which have been made to the board re
garding San Francisco's present assessment by
representatives of other counties who are seek
ing to have their assessment reduced will be
refuted. These false statements have been sent
over the State as telegraphic reports of the
board's proceedings.
To illustrate: The representatives of Los
Angeles County stated that the building per
mits of San Francisco during the past year
amounted to ? 16.000.000 and that my assess
ment on these buildings was less than $2,000,
000. A more untrue statement could not be
made. Both sums are grossly erroneous. In
the first place, of the $16,000,000 of building
permits, several millions represent buildings
not yet erecterl or completed, so this sum
cannot be taken as a basis for assessment. In
the second place. tfie assessment of new build
ings for last year in San Francisco Is not
$2,000,000, as stated, but more than $7,000,000.
Yet this is evidence that is being Introduced
against San Francisco. •
The belief is prevalent among our largest
taxpayers that the present intention of the
State Board of Equalization is to raise my
assessment of property In San Francisco. This
belief la based upon private utterances 'by
members of the State board and upon' the ac
tion of the board in Belecilnu San Francisco
as a field for examination by an expert ap
pointed by the board.
RAISE IS EXPECTED.
.- On the subject of the proposed raise
Assessor Dodge gave out the following
statement: . «ir
C. M. Coglan, clerk of the State Board of
Equalization, sent a communication yes
terday to Clerk Fay of the Board or Su
pervisors to the effect that the board hav
ing examined the ! assessments upon the
assessment roll of San Francisco proposes
to. increase the entire assessment roll for
trie year 1903 except property exempt from
Increase for the purpose of making the
assessments conform to the true value of
the property contained in the roll.
The Board of Equalization will consider
all objections which may be made to such
increase at its office in the State Capitol
at Sacramento on Saturday, August 29,
1903. In all likelihood the Finance and
Assessment committees of the Board of
Supervisors and Assessor Dodge will go
to Sacramento to protest against the in
crease. "\
There are three candidates for the place,
which pays $120 per . month. , They are
Miss Kelly, for whom Director Roncovierl
stands sponsor; Miss Sullivan, who is up
held by Directors Walsh and Mark, and
Miss Martha Galloway, who has found a
staunch adherefft in Director Woodward.
Miss Kelly is now in the Mission Gram
mar School, Miss Sullivan in the Mar
shall and Miss Galloway In the Cooper
Primary School.
A compromise is now being talked of
among the directors, which, it 13 believed,
will result In the election of Miss Kelly.
Miss Sullivan, it is said. will. be, con
poled with the- possibility of another va
cancy occurring in a principalship in the
near future. It is understood that Miss
Galloway does not stand much chance to
secure the necessary votes of two school
directors in addition to Woodward.
Miss Kelly was elected into the School
Department on October 5, 1S87. She holds
a flrst grade certificate, a life diploma
and a diploma from the State Board of
Education. Miss Sullivan was elected a
teacher on August 13, 1890, and has a
certificate of the second grade and a
State educational diploma. Miss Gallo
way has also been many years in the de
partment and holds the highest creden
tials" as an educator.
The Board of Education has declined to
grant the appeal of Principal Bush of the
Polytechnic High School that Miss Irene
D. Reeves, teacher of English In the aca
demic portion of the school, be consoli
dated out of her, class., *. i _.
Bush' informed the members of the
board that' Miss Reeves was occupied only
one-half a day in teaching, the other half
being devoted to study class, and he de
sired to apply, her salary, to the technical
department of .the school. The board,
bearing in mind the fact that Miss Reeves
was. once consolidated out of the depart
ment and secured her reinstatement and
considerable back salary by decree of the
Superior Court, decided that it would be
wise to leave Miss Reeves where she is.
There Is a very pretty fight on In the
School Department over the vacant prin
clpalshlp of the Jefferson Primary School
with the chance favoring the election of
Miss Elizabeth E. Kelly, notwithstanding
that Miss Nellie M. Sullivan has already
secured the votes of two school directors
and Miss Kelly has the support of only
one.
Assessor Gives Reason Why
Roll Should Be Left •
Undisturbed.
Judge Graham's Efforts to
Effect Reconciliation' .
Defeated.
Board of Education Refuses
to Oust Miss Irene
"D. Reeves.
sessment.
Equalization Board Will
Increase City's As-
Mrs. Clark Rej ects Sug
gestion to Caress
Husband.
ferson School.
Misses Kelly and Sulli
van in Line for Jef-
WOULD RATHER
KISS A CHINESE
DOOGE PROTESTS
AGAINST RAISE
BOARD TO ELECT
ONE PRINCIPAL
THE SM FBAKCISCO 'CALL, FKIDAY, AUGUST 21, 1903.
14
Many Iniants are Born
with Eczema
The World's Greatest
Skin Torture
- Cold thrensrhoat th. world. Cnttnni Bcialmt, tOe.
(to form or Chccolile Coatfd VUU, lie. prr t«1 of BOX
Olatntnt, Wa. . 8o«p, 25c. I>«t>oti t London. !T Charter-
hooM t q. i Pant. & Ro» d* Is Ptix i Bottnn. ltl Colombia
An. Potter Drat u Chem. Corn.. Sole Proprietors.
gj»8tad for ** How to Cm fcuw.*
It Is in the treatment of this most dis-
tressing of torturing and disfiguring
skin and' scalp humours, "with loss of
heir, that the Cuticura*. remedies hare
achlered their greatest success. Origi-
nal in composition, scientifically com-
pounded, absolutely pure, unchangeable
in any climate, always ready, and agree-
able to the most delicate, they present to
those suflering from Eczema the most
successful curative of modern times. We
know that this villbe considered strong
language by those acquainted with the
character and obstinacy of the disease
under consideration, but it is justified
by innumerable successes where all the
remedies and methods in vogue have
failed to cure, and, in many cases, to
relieve, even.
The first step in the treatment of the
chronic forms is to remove the scales and
crusts and soften the skin, by •warm
baths with Cuticura Soap. The Bcafp,
ears, elbows, hands, ankles and feet will
require frequently a thorough soaking ia
order to penetrate the thickened skin
and crusts with which these parts are
often covered. : ! Dry ¦ carefully, and ap-
ply Cutlcura Ointment, lightly at first,
and where advisable spread it on pieces
of soft doth and bind in place. Tako
the Resolvent, pills or liquid, in medium
doses. Do not use cold water in bath-
ing, and avoid cold, raw winds.
THE ONLY INFALLIBLE
CUBE IS CUTICURA
It's the Only Thing Some Folks
Have Left When They Die
ADVERTISEMENTS.
/ -nVEBTISEMENTS.
BROWN BKO5g|g§7
O goodness me. That pretty suit
Is'Just the thing for Eddie cute: \
• ' J ¦:-- He'll look real sweet all dressed in blue:
The price will save me money, too.
BOYS' NORFOLK SUITS
Aees 5 to 12
Stylish and serviceable suits for dress and school
wear. Just the togs for manly little fellows.
BOYS' TWO-PIECE SUITS
8 to 16 Years
The newest and nobbiest styles in heavy all-wool
blue serges, fancy. cheviots and twesds; beautifully
tailored, trimmed and finished in excellent style.
Worth fully $7.50. _^
FOR FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
Every purchaser in our Boys' and Chi!drcn's Department
will be given an extra pair of knee pants free.
CPfcN SATURDAY NICHT TILL IO
WHOLESALE MHU 1™1MI AM RETAILING
516-51SMASIKETS^^11OW1
ggg PRAGERS
I
Another Great
Surprise.
TWO GREEN
TRAWNGSTAMPS
INSTEAD OF
ONE.
On all purchases made in this store to-day we
will give double the usual number of Green Trading
Stamps. This is a most liberal offer, and combined
with the extremely low prices that* will prevail
throughout the various departments it should be wel-
comed by all.
Don't Miss This Grand Shopping
Opportunity.
ADVESTISEHERTS.
CONEVISLAND,
OCEAN BOULEVARD. 2 Blocks Below th»
Cliff House.
SUNDAY,^ugust 23.
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
GRAND CONCERT.
DARING BALLOOIUSCEHSIOH
PARACHUTE LEAP
Ey MLLE. ANETI, the Celebrated Lady
Aeronaut,
M SeUkell't Ointment accomplishes astoa- I
H ishlng ceres of akia diseases, after the most I
m powerful Internal remedies bay* failad. R
i After bathing tbe part \iilb EeixkelViiioap M
"J use lleitkell'* Ointment and it will quickly B
3 remove *\l Blotebe*, Pimples, Eruptions j
9 and Sores.' Cures Tetter. Erysipelas, Salt B
H Rbeam. iricalil Head, Itch, Klngworma,
3 Ulcers, rili .i, Barbers Itch ; relieves and
rt heals Burns snd t'calda, Makes the skla J
M soft and N-r.iitifui. Prescribed by phy> a
jj Blclant for ha!fa> century. A t druggists 5OC B
JH fiend for free boob of tectimonials. i B
B JOUXSTOX, IIOIAOWAY * CO., rhlladctpUa. B
___ .-CUTLERY
EVERY.BLADE.VftRRANTED
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
13' A GREAT RESTORATIVE. EJVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most worderful anhrodislae and Special
Tonic for the Csatv^il Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of th»
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merlu.
NABER. ALKS A BRUNE. Agents.
823 Market St.. S. F.— (Send for Circulars.!
I DRPIERCtS
GOLDEN
MEDICAL .
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
I BLOOD. LIVER. IXINGS. I
D |-> TT O II 17 Q FOR BARBERS. Ba-
KK M N MCjO kers - bootblacks, bath.
Ullu W "* J *' houses, billiard tibles.
brewer?, " bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers flour 'mills, foundries. laundries, papei--
hangers.' printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar- roofers, tanners, tailors, ttc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brash Manufacturer*, 603 Sacramento S*
(l_*PAT£MTS* }
AA/. T. HOSS,
K0TABT PUBLIC AHD ATTORNST-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claus Spreckela bid*.
Telephone Main 333.
Residence 821 California st.. below Powtfl.
Residence Telephon. James 130L
ift B H A eft H^ 9 ' cha!r ». Stoves, etc.
H a BB SiF4 BJ J ents for rent and for sale
B flfi Ilia W* Guns> Kl2e »- fishing Taclila
B B -r^HWi and Sporilng Goods. s ec ,i
%pS ISwSS f °r Catalosrus. Shr«v« g.
Barber Co.. 739 Market *u
and SSI Kearnjr st.