VOLUME XClV-OsO. 41.
PRICE/ FIVE CENTS.
SAN FKANCISCO, SATURDAY, JULY 11, 1903.
ivatchcrs, mostly journalists,
witnessed . from the piazza of
St. PcteYs the opening of the
window's of the papal apart
ments this' morning by the
Pope's faithful valet, Centra.
From what has leaked out from
the sick room it appeared that
no significant change lias taken
place in the condition of the pa
tient up to the present hour.
Dr. Lapponi succeeded in hav
ing Pope Leo take a sufficient
quantity of nourishment during
the night.
J\ OME, July 1 i, 6 40 a. m.—
¦*V The usual gathering' of
r BAKER CITY/ Or., July 10.— An -un
known negro arid an employe of Norris &
Rowe's'dog show were arrested ;last night
for burglary." At midnight a gang of the
showmen ; broke open the jail door arid re
leased six prisoners who . were confined . In
the" jail. ¦ All • of the .prisoners escaped • on
the circus traln v into Idaho! *.". k . ... . . .,
Showmen' Release Six Prisoners.
Names State Board of Architecture.
" SACRAMENTO. July 10.— Governor Par
dee to-day appointed the following = to be
members of the State Board of Architec-,
ture: ' . v . ' '
John P. Kremple and F. L. Roehrlg of
Los Angeles, vice selves, for theSouthern
District; H..A. Schulze of San Francisco,
vice seU, and Clinton j Day of I
vice Merritt J. Reid,' term expired, ; for i
the Northern District. '¦ - • J
SCANDINAVIAN-AMERICAN
LINE WHARF IS DESTROYED
wi Second Time in Three Years
Flames Leave Company
Without a Pier. %
NEW YORK. July 10.— The new pier of
the Scandinavian-American line at the
foot of Seventeenth street. Hoboken, was
destroyed by fire to-day and for the sec
ond time in three years the line is tem
porarily without a pier. It is believed the
loss will amount to almost $500,000. The
dock alone cost $200,000 to build.
The fire started in the store room of
the pier and when discovered the fire had
& firm hold. There was no ship of the line
In port. The steamship Island should
have dockec u to-day but did not arrive.
On the pier was a liirge part of the
cargo destined for Europe; which was to
be shipped on the Island, and this was
destroyed, causing a loss of over $300,000.
Comparatively few men were at work on
the pier at the time and none was In
lured.
St. Paul Freight Trains Collide Near
Amana, Killing Three and'
,\ Injuring Two.
; CEDAR RAPIDS. Iowa, July 10.— Two
St. Paul .freight trains collided last night
near Amana. Both engines and seventeen
cars were piled in a confused mass. The
dead:
JOSEPH . DUESK. fireman, Cedar
-Rapids.*
: GEORGE HAINES, brakemani Cedar
Rapids."" ¦.
UNIDENTIFIED MAN, supposed to be
a tramp, j
:,, The injured: Engineer. . Joss, " Marion,
slight; E. C. Peeley, . fireman, slightly.' V
• Several tramps, who were stealing a
ride, ¦, may, be under the wreckage. . The
collision was caused by_ misreading orders.
CARELESS READING CAUSES
FATAL RAILROAD ACCIDENT
; LONDON; July 11, 9:20 a. m.— A special
dispatch Just received from Rome says
the Pope last . night had , seven hours'
sleep. It is probable that another opera
tion will be performed to-day.
Pontiff May Have to Submit to the
Knife To-Day. .
OPERATION PROBABLE.
CONSTANTINOPLE. July 10.— Official
r.tws received from Sofia yesterday was
more reassuring. Bulgaria has abandoned
her intention of reinforcing her troops on
the frontier. In diplomatic circles a calm
view of the situation is now taken and it
is believed the storm has passed away.
SALONICA. European Turkey. July 10.
—In Epite of the reassuring official advices
from Constantinople, the belief prevails
here that war between Turkey and_ Bul
garia' is imminent. Bulgarian bands in
Macedonia are being reorganized under
officers sent from Sofia for use as scouts
and -guerrillas, and a large concentration
or troops is taking place in the hills near
Yenidje, though orders have been issued
to avoid an immediate conflict with the
Turk's, who are concentrating large forces
at Koumaaovt
It Is Believed at Salonica, However,
That War With Turkey Is
Imminent.
DIPLOMATS THINK STORM
IN BULGARIA ttar PASSED
j ROME, July 11. 8:30 p. m.— Dr. Mazzonl
has. Just driven up to • the" Vatican' and
Joined Dr. Lapponi in the Pope's sickroom.
The' Pontiff has been reposing quietly for
sometime.- It is 1 expected that the morn-
Ing bulletin will be given out soon. '
Pope Still Sleeps Quietly in the Early
• • ¦ Morning. -
DOCTORS AT VATICAN.
1 For this reason no' opposition has ever
been raised by the Italian .Government
when foreign, rulers have visited Rome,
recent- examples being, the calls made on
"In view of the conditjon of the Pope,
which occasions deep suspense through
out the Catholic world, the visit of King
Victor Emmanuel to France has been
postponed until next September by a
common accord between the French and
Italian governments." ;
The report has reached here from.Ber
lin that Emperor William has expressed
an intention '. of , attending the Pope's
funeral. As the French papers have com
mented on this; news, saying that the
Emperor's action would offend the Ital
ians, it may -be as 'well to say that no
body here believes the report. '. :_¦¦
I It may be added further that Italy does
not look upon the papacy from this point
of view,', as the . Government, j as -well | as
the Italian people,: evince their desire . to
demonstrate to j the \ world that under the
present conditions— that' is, since; 1S70;
.when the temporal power fell— the Pope
and the Vatican have enjoyed complete
liberty In the" exeVclse of " their spiritual
offices.
"My duty is to assure, not only, in the
interest of Italy, but of all Europe, the
most absolute 'liberty to the approaching
conclave, and the fullest assurance may
be entertained that this 'liberty .'will'; be
given." y ".. " * , . t
Pope Leo has manifested great interest
in the intended visit of King Victor. Em
manuel to Paris next week. To-day he
made inquiries regarding the plans for
the trip, but the person Interrogated was
unable to reply.
The Tribuna, the seml-ofllclal organ of
the Government, says to-night:
kept constantly advised of every
stage of the sickness. Immediately after
yesterday's conference Professor Rossoni
called on the Premier and made a state
ment regarding the condition of the Pope.
He again informed the Premier of^ this
morning's conference. Regarding ques
tions put to him Slgnor Zanardelll has ex
pressed his personar feeling regarding the
Pontiff. He added: " . . \
«VOME, July 11.— The Italian Gov r
MJi ernment follows the fluctuations
of Pope Leo's condition with deep
interest. Premier Zanardelll 7 is
the Pontiff: by King Edward and Emperor
William. •
King Victor's Prime Minister Shows
Much Concern.
DISTINGUISHED ITALIANS WHO ARE TAKING. A DEEP INTEREST
IN THE FLUCTUATIONS IN T HE . CONDITION OF- THE VENER
ABLE HEAD OF THE ROMAN CATHOLIC CHURCH.
After the operation the Pope felt so re
lieved that he insisted on getting up
and took several steps toward ' his arm
chair and seated himself for a ; few min
utes. He then rose, and gomg to the
book shelves where. he keeps his, favorite
authors took down "Hermences' Ars Po
etica," returned to the armchair, and be
gan reading, holding one leg over, the
other. .He seemed to feel no Hi effects
from the operation.' On the contrary ho
appeared to have derived benefit from it.
ROME. July 10.— The Pope rose at 6
o'clock this morning. He said, he thought
the air of, his room was somewhat vitiated
and .wanted it changed. An attendant,
Plo Centra, after having been authorized
to do so by Dr. Lapponi, opened the win
dows of the whole apartments, including
that of the sickroom, the Pontiff having
previously been carefully covered wltn
extra blankets. After remaining open
for a short time the windows. were closed,
with the exception of the window of the
sickroom, Dr. Lapponi having decided
that the balmy, fresh air could only do
the patient good. The" opening and the
shutting of the windows was watched
from the piazza by the people who had
gathered there to \ hear the latest news
and some of them • interpreted it as
meaning that the Pontiff was dead, which
necessitated a prompt official denial.
The Pope prayed for half an. hour, and
then had breakfast, partaking of the yolk
of an egg beaten up with sugar, hot cof
fee and a light biscuit. The Pontiff then
attended to hi* toilet, but he did, not
shave. He then received his private sec
retary. Mgr. Angell. who was again sur
prised at the Pope's brightness of mind
and display of energy.
On. leaving the sickroom Mgr. Angeli
remarked to those who surrounded him
and asked for news that, If It was not
known that the Pope was dangerously
UK from his appearance at that time one
would say he was In his normal condi
tion. The monslgnor added that the Pon
tiff referred to several different matters, .
recalling exactly the most minute de
tails, and remembering facts, figures arid
dates with marvelous promptness, and all
this to the accompaniment of snuff tak
ing. The same impressions were formed
by Count Peccl, who visited the Pope
after Mgr. Angell.
The operation this morning was almost
identical to that of Thursday morning.
The Pope lay on his couch with v his skin
exposed. The affected parts were washed
with a solution of alcohol, cocaine was
hypodermlcally injected and Dr. Mazzonl
inserted a Praval needle, which by suction
drew out the vitiated matter. The opera
tion was comparatively painless and was
performed .without recourse" to chloro
form.
Operation Leaves No Sign of Distress
or Pain.
POPE SHOWS STRENGTH.
through another door past the armed
guard and into the quiet street.
During the remainder of the day but
few of the public sought the Vatican.
Then came the night bulletin, and far
larger crowds than had gathered during
the day wandered to th? Vatican In the
cool of the evening.- The Swiss guarda
had received instructions only to admit
a small portion of the Inquirers prior to
the printing of the bulletin, and even this
restricted number almost filled the court
of the Vatican. while many waited in sus
pense on the steps of, St. Peter's.
?-,
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., July lO.-The
mercury marked 94 degrses here to-day,
the hottest of the year.
LOUISVILLE, Ky.. July 10.— This was
the hottest day of the season, the Gov
ernment thermometer registering-— 87.
There were several prostrations.
PHILADELPHIA, July W.-The hot
vcather which has prevailed here during
the past week continues to-night- The
maximum temperature to-day was 94 de
grees at 4 p. m. Several deaths due to the
heat and a large number of prostrations
were reported.
Several Deaths Result From Heat in
Philadelphia, Where Mercury
Registers 94.
HOT WAVE CONTINUES
THROUGHOUT THE EAST
Thursday's record of 94 degrees at 4
o'clock, the high weather mark of the
year, was reached to-day at twenty min
utes past 1 o'cloik. without signs of re
lief. But by 2 o'clock the temperature
had fallen two degrees, where it remain
ed during the next two hours. At S
o'clock to-night the temperature had
fallen to W> degrees, six degrees lower
than at the same hour Thursday.
Between 5 and 7 o'clock the tempera
ture fell seven degrees, following a thun
der storm southeast of the city. The city
had been sweltering: so long in the hot
wave, however, that it was hours before
tbe offices and tenements began to feel
the effects of the cooler breezes. In the
ftreetE the cooling process was difficult.
Men, women and children crowded the
walks to recover from the heat of the
day. Many slept on the park benches,
and, where the police would permit it,
on the grass.
Daniel Lewis, a heat-crazed negro, at
tacked with a club two girls who were
carrying a large piece of lea. A mob
quickly gathered and shouted. "Lynch
him!" Lewis was rescued by detectives
and was sent to a hospital.
There was intense heat throughout the
State to-day, many prostrations being re
ported.
NEW YORK, July 10.— Thirty-eight
deaths and eighty-three prostrations In
end around New York and Brooklyn tell
the story of to-day's heat. It was the
hottest July 10th In the history of the lo
cal Weather Bureau, the highest previous
record being 91 degrees, recorded July
jo. ism.
Eighty-Three Prostrations
Is the Record of a Few
Torrid Hours.
Appalling Fatalities in
and Around New
York.
The same grim preparation Is apparent
on all sides. Count Peccl, a nephew of
the dying Pope, wearing a straw hat and
flannels, sat In the fire engine house, op
posite the private entrance to the Vati
can, chatting with the firemen. Carriage
after carriage drove into the court.' The.
French. German and other Embassadors
descended to make inquiries. , ¦
Prince Massino, looking almost as ven
erable as the Pope himself, head of one
of the most ancient families of Rome, and
all the Cardinals and countless Bishops
and priests came to await the bulletin.
A small crowd of men, women and
children of all descriptions besieged the
door where the news was to be given out.
From the Castle of St. Angelo came the
boom of the midday gun. and then the
Palatine Guard gave . the signal for the
anxious ''crowd to be admitted. Passing
through the corridor, each received a slip
of white paper on which the morning bul
letin was already printed. Intently read
ing the papers, the • crowd'-* filed - out
"Within there," said a Papal attendant,
"the rooms are all ready for Oreglia, the
Cardinal Deacon, who will reign during
the Interregnum."
The news of yesterday morning's opera
tion sent Cardinals and Embassadors
driving hurriedly to ' the Vatican. The
somber black carriages and horses of the
former, relieved only by glimpses of the
scarlet robes worn by the pale-faced oc
cupants, contrasted strangely with the
brilliant equipages of the Embassadors.
Outside St. Peter's the ordinary visi
tors hurried past the Swiss guards and
ascended the staircase leading to the in
ner court of the" Vatican. The sun beat
fiercely on the plain white shutters which
shelter the Pope's room and all eyes were
turned toward them. Compared with the
magnificence below, with. the bewildering
colors of the papal court and the rich at
tire of the guards the shuttered windows
are peasant-like in their simplicity.
Another window caught the eye. This
was open and the sun streamed In on
Raphael's priceless frescoes and lit up
the great marble portico.
The body of Mgr. Volponi seems to
have been permitted to remain almost In
the condition in which he died. Only two
lighted candles were provided, and they
were permitted to burn to the sockets
and had almost been extinguished when
a noble Roman lady came this morning
to view the body. She raised an Indig
nant outcry at such a condition of af
fairs. Hasty arrangements were then
made for the Interment. At 5 o'clock
the coflJn was brought down and placed
in a communal hearse of the fourth
class and taken to the cemetery.
A general feeling of tranquillity marked
the day in Rome yesterday, due to the
widespread belief that though the Pope's
days axe numbered, his hour has not yet
come. The sublime self-confidence of the
patient peremates the people, especially
the simpler folk, who go about their day's
work, postponing signs of sorrow and
mourning until from the sick bed itself
they hear that the unsual struggle is
nearing its end.
, The extraordinary confusion- prevailing
at the Vatfcin outside the immediate vi
cinity of the Pope's sick room is demon
strated by the remarkable neglect to
make even the most ordinary preparations
for the interment of Mgr. Volponi, the
secretary of the consistory and canon of
St. Peter's, who died suddenly yesterday
of syncope. Usually the .''funeral of so
high an ecclesiastic would have been a
prominent event in Rome, but to-day it
was completely forgotten in the shadow
cf the greater impending loss to the
church.
Shortly before midnight the condition
of the Pontiff was reported to have un
dergone no change, and it was added that
he had just dropped peacefully into
sleep. At that hour all within the palace
was quiet, the Pontiff's apartment alone
showing siffns of life. The Pope slept
until near 2 o'clock this morning, when
he awoke, seemingly more refreshed, and
asked for food. His pulse was taken and
was found to vary from 87 to V3. His
temperature was 96 degrees and his
breathing irregular.
The latter part of the night was not so
good owing to the restlessness and un
easiness of the patient. Dr. Lapponi has
been going almost every fifteen minutes
to look at the Pontiff, who did not notice
the presence of the doctor, being In a
drowsy state. Dr. Lapponi administered
a dose of chloral and gave the. patient at
the same time an Injection of camphor
caffeine.
At the examination last evening the
doctors could not perceive any re-gather
ing of serum In the plcural cavity, but
it was feared that the presence of serum
would be detected^ to-day, thus rendering
necessary, perhaps, another operation in
a few days.
Xews just received from the Vatican
says the Pose is now lying In a restless
condition after having had a good sleep
during the early hours of this morning.
As an immediate result of yesterday's
operation the Pope spent a quiet and al
most painless day, with, for his age, a
normal temperature, which only more
strikingly exhibited his strength of con
stitution and intellect.
h!s life being prolonged was In
creased, but It can hardly be said .that
the operation Improved his chances of re
covery.
•%OME, July 11. 4:50 a. m.— Another
jJM operation, performed yesterday,
fr£ has brought further relief to Pope
• • Leo and by it the possibility of
Thirty-Eight Per
sons Die in
One Day.
Restlessness Is the
Only Alarming
Symptom.
HEAT ENDS
NEARLY TWO
SCORE LIVES
Pontiff Remains
Fairly Im=
proved.
POPE LEO AGAIN UNDERGOES AN OPERATION
AND RELIEF FROM PAIN GIVES BOON OF SLEEP
Italy Discusses the
Veto in Con=
clave.
JUDGE'S IRE
IS AROUSED
BY PEONAGE
Catholic Powers
Enjoy an Old
Privilege.
Tribunal.
VigorousLanguage
in a Southern
Attorneys Condemneo
for Defending the
Practice.
Alabama Jury May Not Con
vict Those Who Hold
Negroes Slaves.
Social Dispatch to The Call.
MONTGOMERY, Ala.. July 10.-Th«
first peonage case to go to the jury In
this country is that of Fletcher Turner,
charged with holding Glennie Helms, a
negro. In a condition of peonage. Thia
case was given to the jury here to-night.
-The sensation of the trial was tha
charge of Judge Thomas G. Jones. It
was expected that he would be very
pointed, but none anticipated such a
charge as he gave. He reviewed the case
from beginning to end. analyzing the tes
timony of each witness, and came very
near telling the jury there must be a
conviction.
Judge Jones roundly criticized the at
torneys for the defense for trying to play
upon the feelings of Jurymen and declared
that if the negro was assessed at Good
water at nothing and sold, as was al
leged, it was a "damnable thing." Hs
emphasized his remarks by pounding upon
his desk. . '.*
It is believed there will be no verdict
reached by the jury. The Judge and Dis
trict Attorney are anxious to have a con
viction or an acquittal, so that they may
know what to do with other cases await
ing action. Reports from the courthouse
are that four jurors are for acquittal and
eight for conviction.
ELOPEMENT IS FOLLOWED
BY SUICIDE OF THE BRIDE
Parents of Girl Have Marriage An
nulled and She Later Swal
lows Strychnine.
SPOKANE. Wash.. July lO.-Mlss Phil
ippina Smith, who two years ago was
separated from her newly wed husband
by her parents, swallowed strychnine yes
terday and died. Her father at the time
of the marriage was superintendent of
the Stevens County Poor Farm and tha
family resided there. Miss Smith, who
was then 17 years old, fell in love with
Bert Blair, who lived In the neighbor
hood. They eloped to Meyers, Falls and
were married, but a few minutes after
the ceremony was performed, the young
couple were overtaken and Philtppina was
separated from her young husband and
hurried tack to the parental roof. Thom
as Smith, the father, had the marriage
annulled by the Superior Court on the
grounds that his daughter was under age
and had not. the consent of her parents.
Since that day the young girl has re
mained at home and It is said has never
ceased to mourn the loss of her young
husband. It is presumed her mind was
unbalanced by disappointment.
She was a comely maiden and popular
in the community. Her parents are high
ly respected residents of Stevens County.
OME, July 10.— Premier Zanar-
S B delll had a long conference to
ff*^ day with the Minister of Justice.
• SIgnor Coccu-Ortu, under whose
jurisdiction are all religious af
fairs in Italy, about the eventual right
of veto "which the Italian Government
might exercise at the next conclave.
Three. Catholic powers. Spain, France
and Austria, enjoy this privilege, termed
the "right of exclusion," which entitles
them to' veto the election of a candidate
who Is not a persona grata to their Gov
ernments. In such a case a power which
may desire to prevent the election of a
certain candidate deputes a Cardinal of
Its nationality to announce the objection
at the conclave, but the announcement
must be made while the scrutiny is going
on, before the candidate has received the
majority of votes required to elect, other
wise tha protest would be Invalid.
This right has b«en regarded as ex
tremely important, especially In the Mid
dle Ages, when Italy, being the largest
field of action for France, Austria and
Spain, the choice of a Pontiff was a ques
tion of supreme Importance, as he played
a large part in their disputes. Italy
claims the right referred to as the heir of
the kingdom of the two Sicilies, which en
joyed the right, but Italy did not exercise
it in the last conclave and may perhaps
find it difficult to do so now, as no Ital
ian Cardinals, even among those who are
most conciliatory, would undertake to
represent united Italy, which Is consid
ered by the church tojhave usurped the
temporal sovereignty of the papacy.- -."•'¦
Besides, Italy's policy consists in con
sidering the papacy to be meredy a spirit
ual power, which, enjoying under Italian
law complete liberty and Independence,
can without political , intervention exer
cise Its ministry in Rome, the capital of
the kingdom.
PortugaA..a]fiOuclaims^to-b« entitled to
veto the election of* an undesirable Car
dinal to the papacy, but her right has
never been acknowledged. Austria tried
at both the last conclaves respectively to
prevent the election of Pius IX and Leo
XIII. but the two Cardinals deputed for
the task both arrived too late.
The last time the "right of exclusion"
was successfully employed was in 1SSS,
when Spain prevented Cardinal Giustin
ian from being elected Pope, when he had
already received twenty-one qut of the
twenty-nine votes necessary to reach the
required two-thirda vote for election.
Cardinal Giustlnian was so disappointed
that he died shortly after the conclave.
AUTHORITIES UNABLE
TO PENETRATE MYSTERY
Fail to Establish Identity of Mrs.
Lena Schneider, Who Died at
San Bernardino.
SAN BERNARDINO, July 10.— Who was
Mrs. Lena Schneider? This afternoon
and late into the night a systematic
search was made to discover some clew
that might lead to the solution of the
mystery, but nothing positive cou'.d be
found. A German resident of the town
who makes it a point to call on all new
arrivals of the German nationality stated
that he had seen Mrs. Schneider occa
sionally on the streets, and at one time
conversed with her in the park. He says
he learned from her that she had come
to this country from Alsace-Lorraine
about thirty-five years ago. that her
father was a lajge manufacturer of toys
at Strasburg, but was killed. She did not
refer to relatives in this country, and
from that It is supposed that with the
possible exception of her husband she
was quite alone. She had a habit when
alone of whispering to herself, and at
those times, it would appear as though
she was taking the part of some one. She
would , get quite worked up and gesticu
late as though earnestly trying to con
vince some one. ' • t V A -
POSTMASTER GENERAL
PROPOSES TO RESIGN
Payne Wearies of Trials of His Po
sition Since the Scandal
Began.
WASHINGTON, July 10.— Personal
friends of Postmaster General Payne are
authority for the Information circulated
at the Postofflce Department to-day that
he is anxious to resign his position. HI*
friends assert that he intends to with
draw from the service " about the time
Congress assembles.
The reason assigned for Payne's desire
to resign is solely on account of ill
health. Payne was obliged recently to
take a few "days" rest In the Catskllls.
He returned to his duties last Wednes
day. It has been frequently reported that
Postmaster General Payne is wesiry of of
fice. The annoyance and trials of this
position during the last three or four
months while the postofflce scandal has
been In progress are understood to have
added to his determination to resign as
soon as he can without Inviting criticism
that would doubtless be provoked by his
resignation while the investigation U still
in progress.
TWO KILLED AND MANY.
INJURED IN. TRAIN WRECK
Spreading Rails Cause Fatal Acci
dent Between Granite City
and Madison, 111. t
ST. LOUIS, July 10.— Two persons were
killed, three seriously injured and a score
slightly hurt In a wreck on the Terminal
Road Association's line between Granite
City and Madison, . 111., to-day. One of
the dead, a girl, whose name was Arma
K. Terskamp of St. Louis, and the slight
ly injured were left in Madison, while
those more seriously hurt were brought
to St. Louis. Among the latter are:
Fred Winker, both lees severed below
the knee, died soon after -arrival. Ever
ett Hastings, left leg and arm broken
and head cut: George Fry, right foot
crushed and left arm broken: Joe Stein,
left leg broken and right ankle crushed.
Spreading of the rails of the trestle,
which had been weakened by the flood, is
believed to have caused the accident."
LABORERS MEET DEATH
AT A BLAST FURNACE
Three Men Killed and Three In
jured ! by. Steel Works
.Accident.
PUEBLO, Colo., July 10.— George White
side.^ a negro,* and two Austrian laborers
were burned to death at the steel works
to-day and another , laborer was fatally
burned. A fifth was dangerously Injured.
. The . men were passing a ', blast furnace
on their way home when the ."bosh" blew
out, .enveloping , the men. In the flames,
hot metal and cinders. Whitcslde and the
two Austrlans were Instantly killed.
ALEXANDER AND DRAGA
' LEAVE UNPAID BILLS
Servian Government Offers Creditors
Twenty Cents on the Dollar,
Which Is Refused.
LONDON. July 10.— A dispatch from
Vienna says the late King Alexander and
Queen Draga of Servia left debts there
amounting to 400,000 franca. When the
new Servian Government was asked to
pay these debts It offered to give 30 per
cent of the amount involved. The credi
tors refused to accept any such compr*>
miM and action at law will be brought.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.A Guaranteed Cure for Files.
Itching. Blind. Bleeding or Protruding Piles.
Tour dreggict will refund y<7ur money if PAZO
OLNTME.VT Xaiia to cura yau. 60 cent*. .,*.,
LOS ANGELES. July 10.— Moses Morris a
pioneer resident and merchant of ¦ thla city
died to-day at his home.' aged 79 yeara in
the early days Morris was engaged • In the
clothing business in Los Angeles and San
Francisco. . - . • . .
VALLEJO. July 10.— The former army
transport Relief, which has been at Mare
Island for several months, will be tem
porarily repaired and then proceed to
New York via Manila. It Is said that
t-he is to carry a large number of army
and navy men whose terms of enlistment
have expired from the Orient to New
York. . ,
Transport Relief to Be Repaired.
Elected Superintendent, of Schools.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. July w._
The Board of Trustees of the Palo Alto
schools at a. meeting held last night elect
ed C. C. IU11 to the position of Superin
tendent of Schools to fill the vacancy
c-atfeed by the recent resignation of A. M.
Fosdlck. Hill graduated from Stanford
In l£S6, taking his A. B. degree from the
department of German. Since graduation
he has been connected with the Hlgti
School at Salinas. The board also ap
pointed several new teachers, as follows:
Homer Martin, Stanford f 03. will teach
I-atln: Clayton F. Palmer. B. S.. Boston
University '57 and graduate student at
Stanford since 1301. will teach zoology;
Mis* Frances L. Randall, A. B., Welles^
ley "92 and X. M. at Stanford in 1902, will
act as principal of the grammar school.
President. A. C. Rulofwm of Baker & Ilamll
trri. Ran Franel*ro; first vie* president T D
Horwyznaa of Honennan .Hardware Company!
Portiend: feoond vice prenldent. g. C. 8ehaU>r
cf Union Hardware and Metal Company Ix>«
An*»>r: third vice president. A." 8 BurwVu of
Seattle Hardware Company: treasurer, John 8
Merrill of Holbrook, Merrill & Btetron San
Fran<~l*ro; Fwretary. Hamilton W. Barnard
executive rommittep— ;a. L.. K«>tt. PaHfle
Hardware and Steel Company, e»n Francisco -
A. A. Watkins, W. \V. Montague. & Co Sari
Franeivo: W. n. TVheeler, Holbrook. Merrill
& Steteon. San Francisco; George B. Scovel
Lloyd fccovel Iron Company. Kan KrancUeo;
Ar.crevf Carrlean. Dunham. Oarriiran & Hay
<Jen. Kan Francisco; E. H. Kinney Gpotttp H
lay Company. 6aa Franclfjco; William Kchaw
Fchaw-Batcher Company. Sacramento; advisory
hoart— Bruo Harden. Ban Francisco; Henry J.
Mortem. Pacific Hardware and Bteel Company
tan Francisco.
SA.CTA BARBARA. July 10.— The
eighth annual convention of the Pacific
Coart Hardware and Metal Association,
which has been in session In this city
for the last thre* days, came to a close
to-night after electing officers and select
ing Kama Barbara as the next meeting
place. The delegates report a most suc
cessful session, but decline to discuss the
business transacted, the sessions being
held behind closed doors. The following
were elected officers for the ensuing year:
Officers Are Elected and Santa Bar
bara Is Selected as Next
Meeting Place.
HARDWARE AND METAL
JOBBERS CLOSE SESSION
The rear of J. II. NeaU'g lot on Sonora
Creek, back of his row of brick- business
botuea «a Wajhlnetoa street la tie scans or
In the heart of Sonora, Tuolumne Coun
ty, so says the Tuolumne Independent
placer mining has been progressing, ac
companied by a M9 clean-up./ The Inde
pendent says:
OLD-FASHIONED MINING.
Acting in the field at this time are sev
eral agents of the Government, who are
instructed to report particularly what
ground there is, In every case, for the
allegations of fraud that have been di
rected by the miners against the larger
timber claimants. The work of the De
partment of Agriculture and of the spe
cial agents who are looking into the min
ers' grievances in the California field is
considered to be most significant. Large
results may follow the reports of the
investigators if they^feturn the facts to
Washington exactly as they are known
to resident*' o.f California. J. N. 'High
is investigating the Plumas land district
Every land district In California will be
the scene of research before the present
year is ended.
Xow the Federal Government has sent
into California A. F. Potter, who'repre
sents the forestry division of the Depart
ment of Agriculture, with Instructions to
inquire into all the forestry conditions in
this State. The tracts of land that have
been set aside temporarily by the Govern,
ment for the enlargement of the forestry
reserve boundaries, amounting to several
millions of acres, will bo traversed by
Mr. Potter and the agents that he ap
points will assist. him. It will be report
ed to the Department of Agriculture
whether the lands in the temporarily re
served tracts are suitable for forestation.
I^ands that have been denuded and
burned over probably will be set outsido
of the reserves. If this expectation is
fulfilled it will do away with any chance
that the railroads or any other corporar
tlon or person will be able to so dispose
of comparatively worthless tracts to the
Government and securing for them bet
ter lands. Umber covered, in some other
locality or localities. Probably all lands
that cannot be advantageously forested
will be so reported on as ineligible to be
a portion of the forestry reserve system
In California.
POTTER TAKES CHARGE.
All the complaints of miners in Califor
nia concerning the taking up of mineral
lands on timber claims are about to be
investigated. Indeed, this work has been
started already without any unnecessary
noise, 'and in another fortnight special
agents of the Federal Government will
be traveling through several of the min
ing counties getting facts to report to
Washington, i-and grabbing has been go
ing on in California on a great scale. In
five years one Eastern man has succeed
ed in having 500,000 acres of land, all
classed as timber land, placed in his
name. Miners have complained that in
some of the tracts covered by these
claims there are mining properties that
have been worked for years. A great
tract in Butte and Plumas counties
amounting to 130.000 acres has been taken
up by one combination as placer claims.
This is reported to be timber land. In
the last few months the public lands
question In California has attracted a
great share of public attention.
The people in at least one county have
alleged that th<> extension of tho forest
reserves in California meant simply that
the railroads would prorit greatly by sur
rendering denuded lands on which for
ests once grew and taking in lieu for
Fuch lands fresh forests in some other
region. In Placer County there has been
so much excitement over the acts of cer
tain parties who are alleged to have
lapped timber claims over mining loca
tions that an association has been formed
and an investigation relating especially
to Piacfr County has been started. Shasta
County has been the sc*ne of much dis
cussion. The Supervisors of Plumas
County have adopted resolutions against
any extension of forest reserves in Cali
fornia. Those facts indicate the interest
that ha« been awakened.
Files Second Suit for Divorce.
SANTA ROSA, July 10.— Samuel C.
Hargreaves of Petaluma has brought an
other action for divorce against his wife,
Lizzto M. M. Hargreaves of San Fran
cisco. Recently Mrs. Hargreaves applied
for a divorce on the ground of extreme
cruelty, and her husband filed a cross
complaint asking that a divorce be given
him. Judge Burnett handed down an
opinion in the first case denying a divorce
to cither party, declaring that both were
at fault. Hargreavea expects to have bet
ter success with his second suit.
Will Collect Minerals for Museum.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, July 10.—
E. A. Austin of the class of 1905, in his
capacity of assistant to the curator of
the Leland Stanford Junior Museum, has
gone to the mining region about Slitter
Creek for the purpose of collecting min
erals for the museum. " Particular atten
tion is being paid to the mineraloglcal
collection at present, and Austin's trip
will augment the present possessions con
siderably.
S£?Qlal Dispatch to The CalL
SANTA ;ROSA. July 10.— Judge Burnett
handed down an opinion this afternoon
in which he . denied the motion to dis
miss the second amended petition of Cora
L. Wlckersftam, as executrix of the es
tate of the lata Frank P. Wickersham,
to revok« the probate of the last will and
testament of I ..yd la C. Wickersham. Judge
Burnett wishes to hear the evidences of
alleged fraud and undue influence in re
gard to the contract entered into by
Frank P. Wickersham on August 29, 1S99,
and further proceedings In the matter of
revocation of the will will be stayed until
the determination of the Interest of Mrs.
Cora Wickersham and her minor son. I.
G. Wickersham Jr.. in the estate.
Prior to the death of Frank P. Wicker
sham lie entered into a contract with hi*
brother, Fred Wickersham. and his sis
ters, Mrs. May Bergevin and Miss Lizzie
Wickersham. to sell Kls interest In the
estates of his father and mother for $28,
000. The father's estate alone was val
ued at $150,000. He also bound himself
and his heirs to never contest the will
of either parent. Upon his death his wife,
Cora L. Wickersham, in behalf of her
self and her minor son. began proceed
ings to secure a portion of the property.
She alleged that the agreement to nell
his share of the estate was secured from
Frank Wickersham by means of fraud,
undue influence and false representations
on the part of the other heirs. It is also
alleged the amount given her husband
was wholly Inadequate. The charge has
been made that at the time of signing
the agreement Wickersham was in such
a condition from the use of liquor and
narcotics that he was totally unfit to
transact business.
COLUSA. July 10. — The barley yield on some
of the ranches near the riv«r is exce#dlngly
large. On ten acres of the A. B. Butler ranch
the ylMd was 500 sacks. Two acres on George-
Retterath's place produced 95 sacks.
Disorderly Soldier Goes to Jail.
SAUSALIJTO. July 10.- Justice of the
Peace Pryor this evening sentenced Roy
E. Garbough, a corporal of the Sixty
eighth Company of Coast Artillery, sta
tioned at Fort Baker, to pay a fine of $30
or serve fifty days In jail for disturbing
the peace. Garbough while drunk last
night threatened to clean ouf the town
and was arrested after much difficulty.
The Justice imposed a heavy fine on the
prisoner in the hope of stopping the riot
ous conduct of soldiers at Sausalito.
Suit Against Marshal Is Dismissed.
SAN JOSE. July 10.— The action recent
ly brought by S. K. Long against E. E.
Springer. Marshal and ex-officlo Tax Col
lector of Los Gatos, to oust him from
office and for a money judgment as pen
alty for alleged lssuanciT of a fals^ cer
tificate of tax sale, was dismissed by
Judge Rhodes to-day on demurrer, who
held that an action of this nature could
not be prosecuted in the name of an indi
vidual.
GOVERNOR PARDEE will select
plan? to-day for the California
building to be erected by this
State at the Louisiana Purchase
Exposition. Four architects have
submitted plans and the chief execu
tive of the State will select the best. The
names of the architects will not be ap
pended to the drawings and the Governor
will be unable to tell who the competitors
are. ¦
The Governor notified E. B. Willis, sec
retary of the commission, that he would
be In Oakland to-day and Willis will take
the plans to hlm^ At the last session of
the Leglslature'th* co^imisBlon wasestaiv;
lished and was alloweaf"«30,000for exhibi
tion purposes. Of this^sum $20,000 was set
apart for the erection of a building at
the big exposition. Commissioner J. A.
Filcher visited St. Louis and selected a
site for the building and upon his return
invited leading architects to submit plans.
Mr. Filcher has been successful in get
ting one of the most desirable locations
In the entire grounds. It is on an emi
nence and overlooks all the concessions.
It Is almost in the center of tho im
mense tract of land set apart for the ex
position and is situated close to the Agri
cultural building, where all of Califor
nia's exhibits will be shown.
This building, as to size, will not com
pare with the State building erected at
the World's Fair in Chicago. That struc
ture cost the State more than $100,000 and
was ,used for exhibition purposes.
The plams for the' building to be erected
at St. Louis call for a building 60x80 feet,
two stories in height, and to be pat
terned after the old mission style of
architecture. The building will be used
for reception purposes only. The lower
floor will contain a large public reception
room, a -hall -for meetings and stereopti
con exhibitions, a general room for gen
tlemen visitors, a ladles' parlor, offices
for the secretary and commissioners and
a buffet. The upper floor will be used
for apartments for the commissioners and
other attaches.
The commission will no doubt select the
plans approved by the Governor. One of
the rooms in the building will bo finished
in California woods. The building will be
constructed of staff.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Changes Are Made in the Postal
Service and Army Orders
Issued.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 10.— The Post
office Department to-day announced: Post
office name changed: Washington— Hall,
Pierce County, to Kapowsln.
Postmasters ¦ commissioned: Washington —
Charles F. Van Ausdale, Pataha City; Charles
A. Fix, Kapowsln. Oregon: Craig Thorn,
Dale; Charles w. Paget. Pedee; John M.
HIckcy, Juneau.
Fourth-class postmasters appointed—Cali
fornia: Samuel C. Lenhart. Claus, Stanislaus
County, vice I>wls J. Hanley, resigned: Ku
nna Rodirers, Dudley, Kings County, vice Ja
cob H. Thomson, resigned.
A navy order announces that Paymaster P.
G. Kennard Is detached from Mare Island
yard to the IndeDendence. ¦-. /
Army orders assign Contract Surgeon Henry
D. Brown to duty with the second battalion.
Nineteenth Infantry. Department of California
thence with that battalion to Vancouver Bar
racks, Washington. The leave of absence
granted Captains Arthur B. Foster, Nineteenth
Infantry, and Lester W. Cornish. Ninth Cav
alry, Department of California.' are extended
one month each. The Ninteenth Infantry is
relieved from duty with the Department of
California and ordered to the Department of
the Columbia. , -
Customs Beccipts Show Increase.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash.,. July 10.-
An average increase of $10,000 per month
Is the encouraging showing made by the
Puget. Sound customs district during the
fiscal year now closed. In twelve months
$1,027,783 went Into the coffers of Uncle
Snm from the importers in the district
These figures show a 33 per cent Increase
over the totals of five yeara ago. Wheat,
which has always led In exports, this
time shows a falling off and a difference
in valuation of J3.000.000. •
Jury Convicts Him of .Manslaughter.
OROVILL.E, July 10.— A .verdict was
rendered to-day in the easel of Hurlburt
Wright, who on May 23 shot and killed
H. C. Farley. The plea was self-defense,
and the wife of the murdered man testi
fied very strongly in favor of the defend
ant, while her son. aged 20 years,; testi
fied against him. _ The Jury brought In' a
verdict of manslaughter, v
Entertain. Their Friends at a Dance.
SANTA CRUZ,. July ; 10.-The. ball given
by ¦ the Grand . Conclave of the Pi Delta
Kappa this evening was a^ brilliant* affair.
The } United States Thirteenth Infantry
ba-nd of Aneel Island furnished the muaio.
Agents Take Field to
Get Facts About
Grievances.
Allegations of Fraud in
Will Contest to Be
Investigated.
MINERS SECURE
INVESTIGATION
COURT DECIDES
FOR PETITIONER
SANTA ROSA, July 10.— The newly ap
pointed Board of Horticultural Commis
sioners made a report this afternoon to
the Board of Supervisors. The report
states that hop lice have been discovered
In many of the hop yards In the vicinity
of Santa Rosa. The report predicts that
if a spell of cool and foggy weather en
sues the lice will be propagated in abund
ance and will do severe damage. The
further prediction Is made that the hop
crop of Sonoma Counts* this year will be
light in comparison with previous years.
Hop Crop in Santa Rosa Is Light.
The largest gold mining enterprise in
the world is the Homestake mine at Lead
City, South Dakota. It operates 900
stamps. In a review of the operations
at the Homestake mine the Mining and
Scientific Press says:
The original Homestake claim wag staked in
I»i6. It was surrounded by claims which ll«
In a belt or aane over 2000 feet wide and more
than 10,000 feet long. The properties of the
Homestake Company Include the Homestake
NO. 2. Giant and Old Abe, Palmetto. Ameri
can Flag. Clara. Big Missouri. Highland Chief.
Golden Star. - Golden Terra. Deadwood Cale
donia, Father de Smet Justice Belcher and
numerous others. In the passing years these
several mines, mostly owned and operated in
dividually, have been consolidated in groups
and finally absorbed by the central company
— the Homestake— until these mines; noted in
their day. have to a great extent lost their
identity. The principal mines and mills of the
group originaNy were the Homestake at first
nlth a mill of thirty-five light stamps, which
was removed in 187% and a mill of eighty heavy
stamp* built. This was followed by the High,
land Chief with 120 stamps and the Golden
Star with 120 stamps; the Caledonia had orig
inally twenty stamps some distance from the
mine, but later built a 60-stamp mill, at the
mine; the Golden Terra and Deadwood mines
had sixty stamps each. These mines after
ward were consolidated and the mills made
one by the removal of sixty stamps of the
Deadwood to the Terra mill. The Father de
Smet had originally ten stamps, but thla mill
was torn down and one »f 100 stamps built.
Many changes have since been made until now
the Homestake Company operates 90O stamps.
The Homostake mine has a record of gold
production exceeding $00,000,000. Of this sum
$30,000,000 has been profits. $18,000,000 of
which has been disbursed to stockholders ¦ in
dividends and $12,000,000 In the purchase and
betterment of property. The Homestake alone
has paid over $12,000,000 in dividends in 296
successive monthly payments, covering a period
of twenty-four years, and eight months up to'
June, 1903. The Homestake Is not a wet mine
as compared. with some others, still considera
ble water is encountered. The drainage is ef
fected by means of a large pump situated
on the HOO-foot level. ;A brick building 60
feet long by 20 wide, wu constructed In a
large chamber cut In the rock for this pur
pose. The walls are 2 W feet wide at the
base and 2 feet at the top, and 10 feet in
height. The roof Is arched and at the high
est point is 18 feet above the floor.- A brick
building of these dimensions containing 300 -
000 bricks. 1100 feet below ground. Is some
thing unheard of elsewhere.- A pump with a
capacity of WK) gallons per minute has been in
stalled within the structure and , handles tho
water with ease -
LARGEST GOLD PROPERTY.
F. II. Cherry has completed the oil burning
apparatus for CngWa lime kiln on the Shaws
Flat roid. Tho kiln is charged with rock suf
flclent to make 300 barrels of lime, and it
taken five day* continual roasting to reduce it.
Freight rates alone stand in the way of this
Industry. With our great lime rock deposits.
Tuolunin« could make enough lime to supply
the coast, but to get It to market under pres
ent conditions and leave a profit is said to b9
impossible.
The Grass Valley Consolidated mine at
Grass Valley has been sold to J. M.
O'Brien of San Francisco. The Centen
nial mine at Oshorn Hill, Grains Valley,
and the. Dewey, Pinnacle and Electrum
mines in Nevada County have been
bought for the Grass Valley Consolidated
Mining Company,
H. B. Hilcemann of St. Louis-is re
opening the Chicago mine, near Penryn,
Placer County.
Operations have been resumed on the
Kcnton mine at Alleghany, Sierra County.
The Golden City mine, near La Grange,
Tuolumne County, is once more being
worked. It was shut down c: many
years. Naylor Williams is opening the
mine under bond.
Tho Mother Lode Banner, published at
Scnora, says:
The El Dorado Gold and Copper Min
ing Company has made the final payment
for the Eureka and Woodsido quartz
mines near Georgetown, El Dorado Coun
ty, and has also bought the Modoc, Van
and Bilser auartz mines adjoining the
Eureka and Woodside claims.
operations. Mr. N'eale has from two to four
men employed. They are now working a very
rich crevice, - being down thirty feet and the
bedrock not yet reached. Commencing -at the
rear end of the lot work !s being carried on
toward Washington street, the workings being
walled up when finished. The ground mined
covers a distance of about eighty feet In
length by forty wide, half of which Is finished
and walled up. There is considerable water,
which is handled by a centrifugal pump, the
power being furnished by a distillate engine.
The writer was shown two pounds of gold
taken from the workings, all being of the
heavy, washed variety. Considerable gold was
taken from this lot in early days, when the
ground was stripped but was not worked to
depth.
The Scott Valley Advance says of the
mining outlook in Siskiyou County:
The mines throughout the vicinity are show
ing up better this year than ever before, By
nrxt spring Siskiyou will have a greater rush
for mining property than any other count/ in
th<» State. AH over new districts are being
opened up and outside capital is j coming in
very fast to inspect the properties.
The Dunbarton Castle mine and the
Homestake mining claims near Railroad
Flat. Calaveras County, have been bond
ed to L. M. Riicker of San Jose.
Designs for California Building at the St. Louis Exposition, One of Which Governor Pardee May Select To-Day
Invitatione were received from "Min
neapolis for the convention in 1305 and
from Los Angeles for that in 1S07. These
will be considered later. The most nota
ble addres* at the evenings session was
by Rev. R. J. Campbell, pastor of the City
Temple. London. England, on "The Fel
lowship of the Nations and Its Effect on
the Coming Kingdoms."
Rev. Francis Clark, Boston; Rev. J. J
Dunlop, Massachusetts; Rev. James L
Hill. D. D., Massachusetts; Rev. 8amuei
MoNauphter. Boston; Rev. James A I
Alexander. New Hampshire: H. B. Gross'
Massachusetts; Rev. J. M. Lautrim. Rev
Oeorg* A. Chase. Massachusetts; Rev J
Burreli, Ne W York; E. G. Osgood, C ' d'
Crane. Maine; Russell T. Hall. Connecti
cut: Rev. M. Clark. Rhode Island; Rev T
S. Hamlin, D. D.. Washington. D C :
William Shaw. Boston.
"Forward the State and Local Unions"
Rev. W. N. Yates. Philadelphia; "For
ward the Juniors, Why and How," Rev.
George F. Kcngott. Lowell. Mass.; "For
ward the Local Societies," Harry A. Kin
portK. New York City, and Rev*. Charles
E. Bradt. Wichita. Ivans.; "Foijward for
the Masters Olory." Rev. Smith Baker.
D.D., Portland. Or.
An open parliament followed at which
"A Worldwide Christian Endeavor and
It? Needs" was discussed. Dr. C A
Crisp of Manhattan, Kans., related "some
Interesting incidents of progress. During
the afternoon denominational rallies were
held at churches throughout th<*" citv
The trustees of the United Society met
This afternoon. The principal business
transacted was the election of the ex
ecutive committee as follows:
"How to Use the Hymn Book." Topical
Ferviccs were held in several churches,
!fd by Rev. George F. Kennett of Lowell,
Mass.: Re.-. James M. Gray. D. D., of
Boston, and Rev. Samuel Baker. D. D.,
of Portland. Me. All the early morning
meetings were largely attended. During
the day evangelistic services were held
5n various parts of the city under the
leadership of Rev. John Balcom Smith,
I>. D.. of New York City; Rev. John
K. Eiliott. D. D.. of New York City;
Tlev. H. \V. Pope of New Haven. Conn..
find Rev. William Patterson, D. D.. of
Philadelphia.
The first general session of the day
*v»s held in Tent Endeavor at 10 o'clock.
President Clark presidlnc. The tent con
tains seats for 10.000 persons and all were
occupied. The song service was led by
Percy S. Foster of Washington. D. C*.
and was followed by a prayer service of
thanksgiving for past advances, of which
Rev. F. D. Power, D.D.. of Washington,
D. C, was leader. Next came addresses
by prominent workers on methods of
forwarding the Christian Endeavor move
ment.
The speakers and subjects were as fol
lows:
The personal workers' class occupied
the First Reformed Church, where Rev.
H. W. Pope of New Haven, Conn., ffis
(i:s«ed "Methods of Approach." Rev. F.
If. Jacobs conducted the junior workers'
th rir.c-seliool at the Plymouth Cor.gre
patlonal Church and told his auditors
Rev. Hartan P. Beach of New York City
discoursed on "China." Rev. E. E. Chi
ver*. D. D.. of New York City was the
principal speaker at the home missions
meeting in Grace Metho&ist Episcopal
< "hurch. his subject being "Leaving the
Nation."
the Endeavorcre. Of the 6000 societies
that make up the United Society of
Christian Endeavorera throughout the
world the organization at the Twenty
third-avenue Presbyterian Church of
Denver holds the palm for the largest in
crease in membership since November
last. Its membership has increased from
tZ to 135. A magnificent banner of Japa
aiece design will be presented to this so
ciety by President Clark.
At the First Congregational Church
DENVER. July 10.— A conservative es
tin-.ate made this afternoon rjaces the
number of delegates in attendance upon
the International Christian Endeavor con
vention in cession here at 7000. About jOOQ
other tourists also have arrived in the
tity during the past few days along with
The attorneys for Rhea in a last effort
went before Judge Holmes of the District
Court in an endeavor to get the lower
court to prepare an injunction stopping
the execution. Before, the Injunction
proeedings could be prepared Governor
Mickey's order was carried out and Rhea
was hanged at 1:21 o'clock.
The crime of Willla^n Rhea was the kill
ing of Herman Zahn, a saloon-keeper, in
the village of Snyder. January 4. 1901.
With two companions. Rhea had been
carousing for a number of days. They
entered Zahn's saloon, flourishing weapons
and demanding that the inmates hold up
their hands. Zahn pleaded with the men
to leave his place. Rhea thereupon shot
him dead and kicked the body several
times as It lay upon the floor. The three
men escaped, but were captured after a
running fight, in which Rhea was slightly
wounded. Unusual pressure had been
brought on the Governor for a reprieve.
The name of Rhea was assumed. His
parents live in Indiana and his father
sent lawyers from that State to argus
with Governor Mickey. Petitions for
clemency were also circulated in Lincoln
and over the State and were numerously
signed. Rhea was but 13 years old when
the crime was committed.
The Supreme Court denied the applica
tion for an injunction, but expressed a
willingness to go into consultation re
garding the granting of a reprieve by the
Governor until a further hearing of the
application could be made. Governor
Mickey refused to grant a further re
prieve and ordered the Sheriff to proceed
with the execution.
LINCOLN. Nebr.. July 10.-iThe hangin*
of William Khea. which was to have
taken place at 12:30 o'clock, was post
poned nearly an hour, pending a decision
of the Supreme Court on an application
for an Injunction to prevent the hang-
Ing. The action before the court was
brought in view of the reprieve granted
Khea by former Governor Savage. The
reprieve imposed hard labor upon Rhea
as punishment. The attorneys for Rhea
argued that this Imposition nullified the
sentence for hanging, in that it served
two punishments for the same crime.
Trap Falls While Attorneys
Are Arguing for an
iDJunction.
Morq, Than 7500 Delegates
Attend International
Convention.
Christian Endeavorersat
Denver Hold Many
Meetings.
A Nebraska Murderer,
Once Reprieved, Dies
on the Gallow3.
DISCUSS PLANS
TO AID GROWTH
IS HANGED WHILE
LAWYERS PLEAD
ARCHITECTS SUBMIT PLANS FOR TYPICAL CALIFORNIAN STRUCTURE
TO BE USED AS STATE'S HEADQUARTERS AT ST. LOUIS EXPOSITION
- '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 11, 1903
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The x Tyfold Collar
The picture shows how the
collar is cut out on each side
to allow for adjusting a neck
tie without springing the col-
lar open. The collar comes
close together in front, it keeps
the tie in place and you don't
see the cut-out part. Besides
the tie is retained just over the
button, which is also kept out of right.
Your summer comfort will be increased
if yon wear one, and you'll thank us
for the style. Dealers sell them.
Cluett Brand, 25c each
Arrow Brand, 1 5c each
Cluett, Peabody & Co.
THE CHIEF"
aim of our laundry work and system
is to please critical persons — the
knowing on§s, who want their linen
immaculate in cleanliness and perfect
in finish.
A post card or t-lephono South
420 makes it easy for you to ascer-
tain how well we 'accomplish our aim.
. No saw edges. >
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
orncE 1004 market street,
'•'',¦ : ' r : 'Near PowalL "
EVERY WOMAN
• -^-s- is interested and should knovr
about the wonderful
§"^S^m MAQVEI whirling
WAHf CL spray
,.,„ CSiv\ £j M A 1 he new Vaginal Syriaee.
Wv VSl V W «J* \> \\ Injection ana Suction.
\V «§S y *" S^^S* Best— Safest— Most Con-
venient. ItCleaaiei
4 "^— Tr-^ Lutaatly.
A»k yoer drajtlst for it \ j&h , —~ l .'f^^~* > "
M fce tunnot «upr>!y the NXS^^T '¦'';& '
W ARVKIj. »ccept no *¦ V . ' j- -"tT*i*- ~
other. !<ot i«nd stamp for fflu*. \>, M "''':''£>\s
tnted book— aSM led. It g\r*% Ibll Y'y m '/M
particular} arwt dir*-timi« invaluable ©V' /. tg
loladie-' Jl.tRVKL CO..
Room 208. Tlmea Bd*.. New Tort vl^-iLi^
ECH02&HOU AITO &UXA&T DISCH1S3S4
'¦A CURE UY 4S HOUB1,
Sunstroke Insurance
f£ .^S, S\ When the summer's heat gets about 90 de-
•V MBBGl^-,"-^ :. &. rees ' y° u are liable to be sunstruck any
« i flgppj^«%p3gg^ time you are out in the sun, unless you take
vf^J&inffo^r^k proper precautions. Several years ago,
Y 4SMrr/j(0i!^r e wr ' ter °f tn ' s » w h° h as spent much of
JmiBf f irrVr " his life in the tro P lcs » thought he was safe
Wg ml / \,/%c x \ rom sunstr °k e - One day he collapsed
w£l \ rem ?i ne d unconscious for five hours, and
nS\ \ at times his life was despaired of. As a
Jrm&* j matter of fact, any person whose stomach
-L^^^mP* A anc * k. owe l s are in bad shape in the sum-
iS|«w^^^K^>yV mer time, is liable to be sunstruck in tem-
WTHn^ /M^^Silifcritis^ff forms acids and gases, raise the
y^^S^^^^j^^Ky > many degrees. Scientists have
Sea^ Islands, living on laxative
bread-fruit, have a temperature 20 degrees lower than that of white men
who are careless about their food or their bowels. It has been found in
years of experience, that a CASCARET Candy Cathartic taken at
bed-time every night will keep the body clean and cool inside all day
arid forms a safe and thoroughly reliable form of sunstroke insurance!
VSW^^** >**.. Beat for the Bowel*. All druggists, ioc, ajc, 50c. Never saM «« k,.iu >n.
(gkCOUta fk£ a-^ool^ee: C £^^^^^^y^,edly been returned to him. as it is coun
tersigned by the attorneys, who stated
that they would accept the case.
Naturalization papers taken out before
Federal Judge Hanford of Seattle were
also in the effects. The deceased carried
two letters of introduction In his trunk,
one from William Schneider of this city
to Thomas Alton, president of the United
Breweries, and the other to "whom It
may concern," signed George Valentine.
A union card showed that he was & mem
ber of • the Brewery "Workers' Interna
tional Union and member of Local Union
No. 7 of that organization. A pawn tick
et from the Baldwin Jewelry Company
for money loaned on a plain gold ring Is
also In the trunk.
Trunks, valises, dress suit, cases, travel
ing rolls;/; pocketbooks. wrist bags, that
look good, are good and are cheap. San
born^: Vail & Co., 741 Market street." •
Trunks and Valises.
VALLEJO. July 10.— One of the new steel
training rhips is. to b« built at Mare Island
navy yard' and orders to begin work have been
received from Washington. : The motive power
of the vessel, which will be named the In-"
trepld. will be sails. '
LOS ANGELES. July 10.— Dr. Charles
A. Helvle, who came here several months
ago from Lincoln. Nebr.. was fodhd dead
in his room oh East Fifth street" to-day.
The Coroner, believes Dr. Helvie commit
ted suicide by drinking choloroform, as
traces of that drug were found lnV the
stomach. » . .
Drinks Chloroform and Dies.
PORTLAND. Or., July 10.— At a meet
ing of <the Oregon Congressional delega
tion and the directors of. the Lewis and
Clark exposition It was decided to ask
Congress for $700,000. Of this amount It
is desired to expend $100,000 on an Alas
kan exhibit and $1UO.OOO on a Philippine
exhibits .-c:^
His domestic relations here were not
pleasant and about ten days or two weeks
ago he Jeft for San Francisco, leaving his
wife and S-months-old child with only $3.
When informed of his death to-night
his fellow employes In the brewery ex
pressed no surprise; in fact, they stated
they had expected such . news, because
they had heard him very frequently
threaten to end his life with a bullet. He
was regarded by his friends as mentally,
'weak and they believe he killed himself.
Unless he earned it in San Francisco he
had no money.
LOS ANGELES. July 10.— Joseph Hau
sel resided at 118 VIgnes street and for
the last ten months has been an employe
of the Maier & Zobelein Brewing Com
pany. He came here from Seattle, where
he had been employed in th«; Bay View
brewery. ¦ " ».'
KNOWN IN LOS ANGELES.
"I made up my mind that Woods was
a scoundrel the very first time I saw
him," said Palmateer to-day," "and my
suspicions were confirmed by indisput
able evidence of his villainy."
A -broken engagement followe.1 the ex
posure of .Woods and he soon afterward
left Oakland and its society for good.
Miss Hickmott's father was suspicious
of Woods, however, and appealed to
Palmateer as one likely to help him learn
something of the suitor's past. Palmateer
made inquiries concerning Wcods at
every place he had been known to have
stopped, and very soon had enough evi
dence to convince Miss Hickmott's father
that Woods was a villain. -\w'
Woods succeeded somehow In worming
his way into Oakland society. There he
met Miss Georgia Hickmott and after a
short courtship Woods proposed mar
riage.
OAKLAND, July 10.— William G. Pal
mateer, vice president and manager of
the Central Bank of Oakland, knows a
good deal about the life history of "Dr."
J. D. Woods, the supposed murderer of
Colonel William Best at San Rafael, and
once thwarted the fellow in one of his
schemes.
Vice President of an Oakland Bank
Gives His Opinion of Fugitive.
SAYS WOODS/ IS A VILLAIN.
LONDON. July 10.— The Duchess of Ar
gyll (Princess Louise) to-day unveiled a
memorial bust of Sir Arthur Sullivan on
the Victoria embankment fronting the
Savoy Theater.
Memorial to a Composer.
"Of course it was proper," replied the
Coroner. "The body was embalmed in
the usual manner."
"Do you consider that the manner in
which Colonel Best's remains were em
balmed was proper, considering the
amount, of money paid for the services?"'
was asked.
Coroner Sawyer was more communica
tive to-dav and told all ue knew about
the facts in the case. In an interview
to-day he said: '''*•' 2
"The manner In which Colonel Best's
body was embalmed was all right. Of
course I am not in i undertaker myself,
but Ward came to me with very high
recommendations from Porter & White,
S;in Francisco undertakers."
Tbere is nothing new In the case. We are
only waiting: developments in the Kast. When
the authorities there arrest the couple I will
ro on at once and bring them back. If we
ever cet th«*m here, and we will, they will
have to answer a murder charpe. Our evi
dence la Retting- stronger each day, and they
cannot eet away from us.
William J. Best, a nephew of the late
Colonel Best, arrived here to-night from
Petaluma. "I came to San Rafael not
for any particular reason." said Best,
"but because I was naturally interested
in this affair. I am a cook at the Arcade
Hotel in Petaluma. I was here just after
the death of my uncle and then met Wil
liam C. Best, who lives in Seattle. I
was here when the bill for the under
taker's services was presented and
thought then, and I am more convinced
now. that it was an' exorbitant charge.
I sincerely hope Dr. Woods and his wife
will be caught."
Detective de Pue said to-night:'^
NO NEW DEVELOPMENTS.
brother and sister. Since my occupancy of this
house I have been rummajsinK around in the
hope that I might find something of importance
to the police in the way of pictures. I have
been unable to discover anything thouRh thus
far. ' 1 found a piece of paper to-day bearing
the signature of Mrs. A. C. Woods. It was
writt«n upon the back of a letterhead of Hugh
Mackay of I>env»r. I am still CParchins and
may sathor some information of material im
portance yet.
MRS. ALICE CLOY WOOD, RE
PUTED WIFE OF "DR."
WOODS.
¦ _A ; search of 'the. dead -man's ' pockets
brought" to light; a pocketbook bearing
NAME IS* ASCERTAINED.
The neighborhood where the crime was
committed is regarded as one of the most
respectable in the Western Addition and
there is much travel on the streets. The
house at 2323 Gough street Is occupied
by a family named Alexander, who are
at present In the country for the sum
mer, and no, one was In the house at the
time/';.-* -v_j.;" 1'X--'
The Coroner's office was notified and
Deputies Fennell and Murphy hurried to
the scene. The police were also communi
cated with and Detective Harry Braig
was detailed cm the case. Pending the
arrival of the officials from the Morgue
several sacks were placed over the <ace of
the deceased to hide the distorted fea
tures from the curious gaze of the mor
bid crowd. The body of the dead man
was found lying on his back with the
feet toward the building and the head
toward the curb. The dead man's hat
was lying on the sidewalk near the body.
Inquiry in the neighborhood among the
residents of the various houses which
face on the street and the children who
were playing In the vicinity only tended
to deepen the mystery. 1 No one had seen
the man, and where he came from and
how he received the wounds which caused
his death were a mystery. On the north
east corner of Green and Gough streets
a" new' building Is in course of construc
tion, but-the score of mechanics employed
there could give no information that
would tend to throw any light on the
affair. . ...
MYSTERY DEEPENS
WHAT may prove to be one of
the most mysterious murders
that has ever engaged the at
tention of the police was dls
' covered yesterday afternoon
about 3 o'clock, when the dead body of
a man. later ascertained to be Joseph
Hausel. a German brewery worker, was
found lying on the sidewalk in a pool of
blood on the west side of Gough street,
between Vallejo and Green. A small punc
tured wound in the right side of the
throat and the skull completely fractured
left no. question as to the cause of death.
Shortly after 3 o'clock yesterday after
noon George F. Foster, a teamster resid
ing at 995 Valencia street and employed
by Arnold & Co.. while driving down
Gough street, was surprised to see the
body of a man lying prone on the pave
ment in front of 2523 Gough street. He
alighted from his wagon and "walked over ;
to the ; man. By this time a crowd of
children who had been playing in the
neighborhood, some carpenters from a
building In course of construction and
others collected at the scene.
Patrolman C. A. Landis at this Juncture
arrived and took charge. Dr. Frank P.
Topping of 1S26 Vallejo street, who had
been summoned by some youth, arrived
and upon examination pronounced the
man to be dead. Before leaving the phy
sician was attracted by what appeared
to be a scratch on the right side of the
throat. Upon closer examination he was
surprised to find that it was a punctured
wound such' as could be inflicted with a
small penknife or a stiletto. The use of
the probe demonstrated the fact that the
wound was about an inch and a half in
depth and had undoubtedly severed a
small artery.
From papers in the dead man's trunk
it is learned that he was a brewer and
formerly worked in the Bay View brew
ery, at Seattle. A- letter written to a
prominent firm of attorneys in Seattle, in
which Hausel stated that he had been in
jured In, the Bay View breweYy and of
fering the case to them upon his terms
was also found.. The letter bad undoubt-
WORKED IN SEATTLE.
Thinking no more of the matter, this
valuable witness continued on his way.
Somoi time afterward some one informed
him that a man had been shot on Gough
street. He arrived at the scene as the
Morgue wagon was driving off. At that
time he .was under the impression that
the dead man had shot himself. His in
formation will be thoroughly sifted to
day by the police.
Dr. Ba'cigalupl performed an autopsy
on the body at the Morgue last evening,
which developed the fact that the force
of the blow .which caused death was suf
ficient to shatter completely the skull and
drive the atlas into the brain. It was
found that the punctured wound in the
neck had extended to a depth of about an
inch* and severed one of the smaller ar
teries. An examination of the lungs
showed that this wound had caused quite
an internal hemorrhage. Dr. Bacigalupi
in discussing the case declared that it
was one of the moist mysterious that had
ever-come under his observation.
"I 'have never seen such a completely
shattered skull."- said he, "and it Is my
impression that the dead man must have
been dealt a most terrible blow or fallen
on his head fr«;m a great height to have
caused such a fracture. It would not
have been possible to nave sustained such
an Injury by falling to the sidewalk. The
wound in the neck, although not very
deep, severed one of the minor arteries,
which caused : a hemorrhage. I find that
the atlas was driven clear into the brain
by the force of the blow, and death was
instantaneous." ;
Detective Braig repaired to the wharf
of the steamer 1 Montlcello at the foot of
Mission ' street and upon opening th»
trunk called for by the check found let
ters showing that the name on the pock
etbook was the correct one, and that the
dead man had arrived in this city on the
steamer Mo'ntfcello from Vallejo on the
evening of April 8.
At a late -hour last night the police
came upon a clew which tends strongly
to show- that Hausel was deliberately
murdered by two men. The name of the
police informant Is for obvious reasons
withheld. His story is to the effect that
while walking 'along Green street he ob
served a man whom he describes as Han
sel bplne followed- down that thorough
fare by two men. The pursued man was
walking fast and turned repeatedly to
sec if his pursuers were still keeping up
the pursuit. He appeared to be anxious
to escape from them and. according to
the police informant, turned up Gough
street with the two fellows at his heels.
RESULT OF AUTOPSY.
the name. Joseph Hausel in gold letters
across the face of it. A two-bladed knife,
a cigar cutter and, a bagsage check of
the steamer " "Montlcello Were the only
other articles found. It . was at first re
garded as probable that Hausel had cut
his throstt with a knife and. becoming
faint from, internal .bleeding, collapsed
and. falling to the stone pavement, frac
tured hlslskuU.Ibut .the autopsy" held at
the Morgue last evening dispelled that
theory. ; :
when a party called up the Morgue from
the Pacific States Telephone Company
and asked if the dead man had been
identified. Upon being told that he had
the speaker stated that he would send
some one to the Morgue to look at the de
ceased. To all inquiries touching upon
his identity he was evasive and hung up
the receiver. The police from this were
inclined to believe that Hausel was a
non-union man working for the telephone
company and had perhaps been stabbed
and thrown off the roof of 2523 Gough
street, but the subsequent Information re
ceived precluded such a theory. Startling
developments are looted for with the ar
rest of the two men who followed Hausel
to his doom.
The report also Includes fruits and va
rious minor crops, which will be published
in detail In the crop report.
The acreage of potatoes, excluding
sweet potatoes,"is,about 49,000 acres, or 1.6
per cent less than that of last year. The
average condition '_ of potatoes on July 1
was 88.1. as, compared .with- 93.9 on Juiy
1. 1902; 87.4 at the, corresponding date in
1901, and a' ten-year average of 92.6. ,
The average condition of the oats crop
on July 1 was S4.3, as compared with S5.5
one month ago; 92.1 on July l, 1902; 83.7
on July 1, 1901, and a ten-year average of
87.8. j The average condition of barley is
86.8, as against 91.5. one month ago; 93.7
on July . 1, 1902, and a ten-year average of
87.3. The. average condition of winter rye
is 30.2 this month, as compared' with 81.2
on July 1. 1902; 96.6 at the corresponding
date in 1901. and a ten-year average of 89.
The -average condition of spring, rye Is
88.3, as compared .with S9.3 on July 1, 1902:
93.3 at the corresponding date in 1901, and
a ten-year average of 87.6.
This Last July I, July l, Av'ge
States. Month. Month. W02. 1001. 10 vrs
Minnesota 83 »5 05 no 07
N. Dakota.... 73 00 80 100 85
S. Dakota 8« 100 04 100 84
Iowa 87 01 !)2 02 ¦ 0J
Washington ..SO SO 03 «vi 94
United States. S2.5 85.0 92.4 95.8 83.9
The average condition on July l of
spring and winter wheat combined was
80, as compared with 82.9 on July 1, 1902.
and 91.1 on July 1. 1901. The amount of
grain held by farmers July 1 i s estimated
at about 42,500,000 bushels, equivalent to
about 6.3 per cent of the crop of last
year.
The average condition of spring wheal
on July 1 was 82. 5, as compared with 95.9
last month; 92.4 on July 1, 1902; 95.6 on
July 1. 1901. and a ten-year average of
85.9. The following table shows for each
of the five principal spring wheat Stales
the condition on July 1 in each of the last
three years and that on July 1, 1903, with
the ten-year July averages:
The following table shows for each of
the twelve principal winter wheat States
the condition on July 1, in each of the
last three years, and that on June 1, 1903,
with the, ten-year July 1 average:
This Last July 1, July 1, Av'ge
States. Month. Month. 1002. lfiOl. 10 yrs.
Kansas Mi S.1 ft« f)i 70
Missouri ..... 60 70 M s.1 R5
California ... 73 "•! S4 . jmj 78
Indiana 00 '84 R2 RO 70
Nebraska .... JV) 94 OS 04 74
Ohio K2 87 7S as ¦ R4
Illinois 67 74 RO ss «s
Pennsylvania. »O -SO 7« jvj ,<*«
Oklahoma 00 0.1 SO R» S3
Texas 00 S7 52 52 72'
Tennessee . . . 6X 78 »!O 00 84 -
Michigan 87 SO 93 59 72 .
United States. 7S 82.2 77 . 88.3 78. 2
The average condition of the growing
crop on July 1 was 79.4, as compared with
S7.5 on July 1, 1902; S1.3 at the correspond
ing date in 1901, and a ten-year average
of S9.8. The average condition of winter
wheat on July 1 was 78.S, as compared
with S2.2 last month: "5 on July 1, 1902;
SS.3 on July 1, 1901, and a ten-year average
of 78.2. .
WASHINGTON. July 10.— Preliminary
returns to the chief of the Bureau of Sta
tistics of the Department of Agriculture
show the acreage of corn planted to
be about S9.SO0.O00 . acres, a decrease of
about 4,200,000 acres, or 4.5 per cent, from
the area planted last year, as revised in
December.
BREWERY WORKER WIl6sE MYSTERIOUSLY INFLICTED INJURIES CAUSED HIS DEATH ON GOUGH
STREET. A DIAGRAM OF THE FRACTURES IX HIS SKULL AND THE WOUND IN HIS THROAT AND
PAWN TICKET FOUND AMONG THE EFFECTS OF THE DEAD MAN.
Department of Agricul
ture Announces
Conditions.
A few days later the proprietor had
occasion to look at the book and found
that th«. page in question had been torn
O'Jt.
Among those who have written to Col
onel Best's son about his death is S. J.
Anderson, who during 1S95 and 1896 was
Chief of Police of Harrisburg.
"Will you kindly inform me," he says,
"wheth.r you know the present where
abouts of Di. and Mrs. John D. Woods
and child, from 8 to 10 years of age?
The Woods were residents of this city
in 1S9j and 1S%, and at that time I was
Chief of Police and had official business
with them."
The child Woods has with him now is
only 5 or C years old.
California detectives with warrants and
extradition papers will soon be here. A
description of Woods and his wife has
been sent out to the large cities.
It was learned from Atlantic Cjty to
day that the Woods were at the Aldlne
Hotel there in August, 1902. This hotel
changed proprietors recently. The :iew
manager it; looking over an old register
saw the name of Dr. John D. Woods and
wife. He mentioned this to Dr. Woods
and Woods said: "Oh, no, that was not
nie."
Woods had three trunks and wanted a
bj'gsagemaster at the railroad station to
check them to Pittsburg. As his tickets
were only to Philadelphia this was re
fused. The trunks were rechecked here
to Bethlehem. Pa. It is supposed that
Woods lias gone there; as Bethlehem is
only a few miles from Allentown, to
which town the doctor in a recent letter
to Colonel Best's son, stated he intended
to go soon;' '
home in San Rafael, Cal., Colonel
William J. Best died mysteriously, came
to this city on Monday from Atlantic
City.
PHILADELPHIA. July 10.— Police
officials here have received in
formation that "Dr." John D.
Woods and his wife, in whose
•
SAN RAFAEL, July 10.— A strong
, chain of circumstantial evidence
is Ix^r.jr forged around John Don
ald Woods and Alice Cloy Woods,
who are suspected of the murder
•f Colonel W. J. Best. Almost positive
roof is Sn the hands of the local au
horltlea shewing that the fugitives are
riminals of the first water. The record
•f ¦Dr." Woods In the East is a most
jrifavory one. and the actions of the
V.'Fband and wife who passed themselves
>ff h«--r* as brother and sister, are most
perplexing to the officials or Marin Coun
ty. Almost every hour brings to light
various little details in regard to their
life hero which shows them to be ex
ceptionally shrewd. But they have at
!sf» overreached themselves.
The charge of murder which will be
jt' Tarred against Woods and his wife
¦ wh^n th«^y arf- apprehended will be sub
stantiated by circumstantial proof, while
the charge of grand larceny upon which
they are now fugitives from Justice will
• be si clearly established that a conviction
Is certain to follow. Forgery and perjury
are otfcer crimes that have been commit
ted by the fugitives.
The local authorities are working dili
gently upon the case. A most thorough
search was made to-day for Ichi Tonakai,
a Japanese, who was employed as a ser
vant in the Woods household at the time ,
of . Colonrl. Best's death. It is thought;
that the Japanese may be able to fur
nish some important evidence and every
effort will be made to locate him.
SEARCHING FOE EVIDENCE.
Mrs. J. I. Herspring. who at present oc
cupies the house at 723 Fifth avenue, in
which Colonel Best died, has fur
nished considerable proof against Woods.
Among other things Mrs. Herspring
claims that Woods' hair was dyed, and
she alleges that she has seen him touch
it up. She also states she learned much
of the couple's life through their liule
girl Kathleen. Mrs. Herspring in an in
terview to-<3ay said:
Vi*hen the Woods occupied this house I lived
juyt to the rear. My little child used to play
with little Kathleen, their child. From the
vr-ry first I wag cufplcioug cf the couple, and
from Kathleen I learned much about them.
Wood.« dyed his hair. - 1 am positive o f that.
for i nw him do it. One day when I was in
¦a r*i&T room of my house I caw him in the
urpr rear twm of this place. He first washed
In* hair, dried it. and then with a tooth brush
put eome dx« ftuflf on it. It was some sort of
li<juid. I visited the Woods a few times and
during those visits I was convinced there was
something wrong. I <3id not believe they were
STATES REPORT
ON THE CROPS
Incidentally the Lord Mayor made a
striking reference to, the Kishenev mas
sacre. He said he was thankful that the
United States, was not bound by diplo
matic rules and etiquette, and had not
hesitated to. raise its -voice "in pratest
against the barbarities of the world,
wherever they occurred.
, Admiral Cotton made a graceful ac
knowledgment of the kindly welcome that
the Americans had received from the
British fleet and people, and added:
"The squadron is here by direct order
of the President of the United States and
as a messenger of peace and good will.
I am sure 1 speak for the peoples of both
countries when I say I hope and I believe
that the Cross of St. George and the
Stars and Stripes will never be waved
but in amity and friendship' and for the
peace of, the world."
Prolonged cheering greeted the ad
miral's speech.
In conversation with American officers
at the King's dinner at Buckingham Pal
ace yesterday evening members of the
Cabinet expressed a desire for an exten
sion of the Monroe doctrine. Recognizing
the paramount influence of the United
States in the Western Hemisphere, Great
Britain, they said, wants Washington to
exercise control in some way over the
financial obligations of the Central and
South American states. Apparently
Great Britain, not desiring a repetition of
the Venezuelan affair, favors the adop
tion of means whereby, the smaller re
publics will be compelled to meet their
obligations without pressure from Europe.
"Gentlemen," said the Lord Mayor, "in
the course of my term of office it is my
duty to entertain many people, but I wish
to tell you that this luncheon was not
officially inspired. I could not let the
American squadron go without showing
them, and I hope all the people of Amer
ica, that ties of race, blood and language
are recognized here in the city of London
more warmly than in any other part of
the world. May the bonds which bind the
two countries ever grow closer, and, if
necessary, may we face the world togeth
er, while always 'endeavoring by every
means in our power to maintain the peace
of the world.".
j LONDON, July 10.— Lord Mayor Samuel
gave a luncheon at the Mansion House
here to-day In honor of Rear Admiral
Cotton and the other officers of * the
United States European squadron, now
at anchor in Portsmouth harbor. After
the toasts to King Edward and President
Roosevelt had been received with enthu
siasm the Lord Mayor proposed 'the
health of Admiral Cotton, his officers'jand
the entire American navy.
An - Elaborate Luncheon Is
Served at the Man
sion House.
Admiral Cotton and Offi
cers; the Lord. May
or's Guests, v
Man Suspected of the Murder of Colonel W. J. Best in San Rafael Passes
Through the Quaker City and Is Probably at Bethlehem—Marin Au
thorities Accumulate Evidence to Substantiate the Charges of Crime
LONDON HONORS
THE AMERICANS
PHILADELPHIA OFFICERS DISCOVER
THE TRAIL OF "DR." JOHN D. WOODS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 11, 1903.
Jacob Hausel, a Brewery Worker- Out of Employment, Meets Mysterious
End on Frequented Street in Western Addition and Police Are at
Loss to Explain How He Sustained His Terrible and Fatal Injuries
FOUND DEAD ON STREET WITH SKULL
FRACTURED AND WOUND IN THROAT
A peculiar circumstance In connection
with the murder occurred last evening.
3
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
DOES YOTJB SCAXP ITCH?
Are Your Hairs Dropping One by
OneP
If your scalp itches you are doubtless
s-unvring from dandruff. The dandruff
perm is digging up your scalp In little
flakes, called dandruTf, and sapping the
life of the hair bulb. No hair prepara-
tion that is a mere hair stimulant and
tonic will cure dandruff because it won't
kill the germ that causes the trouble.
Nowbrc/s Horplcide is the latest scien-
tific discoverv and it will kill the dan-
druff perm. Df-stroy the cause and you
remove the effect: kill the «?erm and you
will have no more dandruff, falling hair
or baldr.t-ss. Sold by leading druggists.
Fr-nd 10c in stamps for sample to The
Hoipicide Co.. Dcroil Mich. _.
Some good grocers don't
sell Schilling's Best, and some
poor ones do; no doubt.
but the rule .don't run that-
way.
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
IN 01 D AfiF tbe<^ estioaof : tsaltb"
111 VUF t%ML becomes mainly a
question of nutrition. If the stomach :
and other organs of digestion »tv^ nutri-
tion are kept in a healthful condition
there will be a well-nourished body, and
little liability to disorders of the lrrer,
bowels or such other disorders as mwy
result from in-
nutrition and >nffi^yfty
rise. r* jl^gp A 1
ical Discovery
cures diseases JB$fi? J ' z •' «HH/If
of the stomach Jm^?£l-'-OJWj
and other or- fvSfSHse Bar
{fans of diges- «r>w 5v-> Cr s "^J
tion and nntri- N^K«^^j'S^'ra
tion, and also [ \ -7 >^li¥ ; ffl!H
diseases of oth- V-JZT^yilSlil
er organs which !
are caused by «jgg8jg JaBa!
the diseased •«;t^|^ lIPfKi^if^I f
condition of the J 7 : SjgS -. ••'¦I '
6tornach . By .- M §* *£r? ! ? i." Hrl I
enabling the '™ w Iff
perfect nntri- ~^^^^ II
tion of the f|
body it increases the vital power and
promotes a vigorous old age.
« I w«s a ¦offerer from chronic diarrhea for &y
years,", writes Mrs. Mary A. Aaron, of Solla.
Pbclps Co.. Ma "I tried different remedies,
which would give me relief for a short time
only. My trouble would return as bad as rrer.
I consulted you in July. 1900. and by your adrice
commenced using Dr. Pierce's remedies. I took
two bottles of the * Golden Medical Discovery.'
three vials of the 'Pellets,' and some of the
' Extract of Smart- Weed,' as you advised. X
have not bad : any return of my trouble since
using your medicines. Am now seventy-one
yean old and I never had anything to relieve
me so quick. I think Dr. Pierce's medicines the
greatest on earth. Should I ever have any re«
turn of . my trouble shall use your medicine.
My thanks to you for your advice and ''"¦W
to Almighty God for restoring me to health
through your hands."
Accept no substitute for " Golden Med-
ical Discovery." There is nothing w jnst
as good" for diseases of the stomach,
blood and lungs.
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets, the best
laxative for old people. • They core con-
stipation and biliousness.Marsh's Residence, Miyajima, Hasi Been Converted Into a Perfect Arbor of
Flowers /and Lanterns, While the Pretty Grounds Present a Natural
: ;Amphitheatep, Where; Choruses and Other Entertainment Will Be Given
PRETTY FETE, JAPANESE FASHION,
TO ENLIVEN MILL VALLEY TO-NIGHT
TOPEKA, Kans.f July 10.— The Supreme
Court morning allowed Chauncey
Dewey,' , W. J. McBrldge and Clyde wn_
son, the St. Francis ranchmen, to go free
from • Jail on securing' $15,000 bonds, to bo
approved by Sheriff McCulIough 'of Chey
enne County. : Chauncey Dewey said this
afternoon-: that .the : bonds * were ¦ all • ar
ranged and that they would.be out or Jail
Monday. ' / -~
Freedom for Chauncey Dewey.
Thl« week the News Letter cornea out with
it* own candidate for Mayor of gan Frantfgco
The name is a new one. but win appeal to
* 11 citlsens directly th«yr hear :t; There f 8
much' political rossip of an Interesting and
tic-w kind, «uch as one cannot set In the dally
papers. The financial news is as able and nL
liable *» «ver and the Town Crier pots* on
Ms iconocliiKtic way with the same .fervor as
ever. The Looker On with his note* upon cur
rent rnrn and thing's should be read ty every
one who aspires to learn the Inside of local
doings, while the short articles ar«1 editorial
wnmfBt ve original &n<3 informing , . • ,
Commencing July 12 and for- five days
thereafter tbe Santa | Fe will sell round
trip tickets to the principal Eastern cities
at very low . rates. These tickets i will bo
good to return within , ninety; days and
allow stopovers ¦- anywhere. Parties de-
Biring to take advantaee of the. reduced
rates should , make sleeping car s reserva
tions at once.:. Information regarding
tickets, through Car accommodations,
checking baggage, etc., at 641 Market at. •
Reduced Round-Trip Rates Via
Santa l^e.
WOODLA?JD. July lO.-The Hankel di
vorce and receiver matters are In as bad
a tangle as ever. Both Hankel and the
recei\-er are claiming possession of the
Byrne Hotel. Hankel still refuses to sur
render the key to one of the money
drawers, and ' also refuses to unlock the
safe. The receiver has put his seal on
both. " *•
Hankel Shuts Out Receiver.
DENVER. July 10— Miss Marie Mur
phy, a years of age, daughter of J. s.
Murphy of Pontiac. 111., may lose her life
as the result of a peculiar accident here
to-day. She stepped "on a match care
lessly dropped in the street and It Ig
nited her clothing. Several men ran to
her assistance, but she was badly burned
before the flames were extinguished. She
•was taken to the Homeopathic Hospital.
Pontiac Girl in Denver Receives Pos
sibly Fatal Injuries Through
Peculiar Accident
STEPS ON A MATCH AND
IGNITES HER CLOTHING
A suit for divorce was filed ¦ by David
W. Critchlow against Alice Oritchlow for
desertion.
Another reason given . by Mrs. Elliott
for a separation was ' the s manner in
which her husband treated their eldest
child.; She said that he once. abused the
boy In such a way that the little one be
came hysterical.' Mrs. Elliott's cup of
misery was filled to overflowing, she said,
when her husband cut off her relations
with her old friends and refused to allow
her, to visit them -or to give his consent
to their calling upon her. . i
Mrs. Elliott's story was that Elliott re
fused to allow her to accompany him to
places he visited, and last Christmas
when she asked him to take her with
him he brutally remarked in the presence
of a number of relatives and friends that
he was going to a placo not fit for her to
visit. • >
Tho Elliotts were married at Berkeley
in 1S98. For a time they lived happily,
but there came a change in Elliott's de
meanor. She said yesterday that more
than a year ago he told her to go away
from him because he hated her. This was
followed by other, remarks of a like na
ture, and she* became sick and nervous.
She said she tried to act toward him as
'a dutiful and loving wife, but he no long
er lifted her and- her endeavors were
wasted.
Judge . Murasky decided yesterday that
Edward Bruce Elliott, who holds a lucra
tive position with Goldberg, Bowen & Co.,
did not- treat his wife, Lillian Elliott, in a
fit and proper manner, and awarded her
an interlocutor}' decree of divorce on. the
ground of cruelty. He also gave Mrs.
Elliott the 1 custody of' one of their two
minor "children and awarded her $50
monthly; alimony to enable her to defray
the- expense of clothing, feeding and
schooling tho child. The other child was
given to Elliott. - ' •¦':-¦$ "J-v--^"'
The meeting was about to adjourn when
Parry arose and Introduced his resolu
tion. Commissioner Watt, after hearing
It read, arose and made a request that it
be laid over for a week and that each of
the Commissioners be furnished a copy
of the resolution, as Is the custom.
But the other three members of % the
board did not take Kindly to Watt's sug
gestion and it was Immediately vo.ted
down. Then Watt arose again and made
a lengthy speech, opposing the measure
vigorously and giving his reasons for his
stand in the matter.
Commissioner Barrett stood by Parry
In the matter and he proceeded to argue
the question with Watt. They, held the
floor for some time. Watt all the time op
posing the measure in the strongest.pos
sible terms. But all his good words were
wasted, . for when the issue came to a
vote the other three Commissioners,'Par
ry, Barrett and Maestretti, voted In fa
vor of the resolution and It was passed.
This latest move on the part of /Parry
williiTome as a surprise to " not a few,"
though his motives are at present un-
Just as the meeting of the Fire Commis
sioners w'as about to come to a close yes
terday Commissioner ; Parry suddenly in
troduced a resolution that came as a sur
prise to at least one of. the members, of
the board. Parry*s latest-move is to keep
Secretary McCarthy iri the office all the
time and not allow him to «o through the
formality of checking, off the accounts . in
the" corporation yard.. as was.' heretofore
his duty. The motion was passed by a
vote of '3 to 1, Commissioner Rolla V.
Watt being the only man to vote against
1L
No one thought that this latest scheme
of Parry's would go through, as 'the old
system worked well and there was ap
parently no need of changing it. When
the board was first established it was
the duty of the secretary to make the
rounds of the corportlon yards and to
check off all the purchases of the depart
ment and go over the commissary's books
and see that everything was right. Now
this will all be done away with and Mc-
Carthy will sit In his office and earn his
salary of $300 much easier than hereto
fore.
Puts Through New. Bill
Limiting Duties of
Secretary.
Murasky Grants UUlian
Elliott a Divorce
for Cruelty.
SAX DIEGO. July 10.— Manuel S<-pulveda.
who Is wanted in Ventura on a charge of.as
sault to murder, was arrested here to-day.
DETROIT. Mich.. July 10.— A general
lockout, involving between 1000 " and 3000
team drivers and helpers, and tying up
every large retail lumber yard In tha
city, was inaugurated to-day by the mem
bers of the Retail Dealers' Association.
The recognition of the union 13 th» point
iu dispute. ..... X
Lumber Yard Employes Strike.
PARRY ENGINEERS
ANOTHER SCHEME
world and are, perchance, in the spell of
ennui.
The beautiful wooded canyon on the
Marsh grounds has been transformed
John. Doyle was promoted ¦ to ¦ the rank
of captain 1 in the department, subject to
passing a civil service examination.
It was- voted to raise the pay of black
smiths' helpers In the department from
$2 50 to $2 75 per day. The, wage of the
harness makers in the -department was
fixed at $90 a month.
At the 'meeting bids were received for
an- automobile^ for the /chief of 'the de
partment. One was for $1775 and the other
at $300. The matter was laid on the table.
Work on the armored cruisers Tennes
see and Washington began last month
and advanced, 1 per cent. At the head of
the battleships stands the . Missouri. 94
per cent completed. This vessel will be
completed about Thanksgiving day and
will be 'commanded by Captain W. S.
Cowles, brother-in-law of the President.
Progress on the other battleships ranged
1 to 4 per cent during the month.' Work
on the eight armored cruisers advanced
18 per. cent. Of the protected cruisers the
Cleveland has advanced from 97 to 98 per
cent; the Denver from 91 to 93 per cent
and the Des Moines from 86 to 88 per cent.
Other vessels, with the eveption of the
Galveston, have made fair advances. The
Galveston Is at the Trigg Shipyard, 66
per cent completed. -
known. It may be that he is on the look-
out for another colt to sell or his game
may be larger this time, but at all events
the wily Commissioner has .'something
that he wants to accomplish and time
alone will disclose his motive. " 'K?l'
WASHINGTON. July lO.-The marked
progress on the naval vessels being built
in the shipyards of the^Paciflc Coast Is
a feature of a bulletin issued to-day by
the Bureau of Construction and Repair,"
showing the advance for June made on all
warships under construction on the Pa
cific Coast. Tho battleships Ohio and Ne
braska have advanced respectively from
seventy-five to "seventy-seven and from
twenty to twenty-one degrees of comple
tion. The armored . cruiser California ad
vanced 4 per t cent' last' month and stands
32 per cent completed;' the armored cruiser
South Dakota advanced from 28' to 31 per
cent; the protected cruiserTacoma, from
77 to 79 per cent, and the protected cruiser
Milwaukee, from 19 to'2i per cent.
Government Officials - Note Particu
larly Quick Work Done on
the Coast.
BUILDING OF WARSHIPS
PROGRESSES RAPIDLY
into a natural amphitheater by the erec
tion of a stage across the lower end. The
change will accommodate several thou
sand visitors, so there need be no fear' of
SAN DIEGO. July 10.— A fire which
broke out In tha top floor of the five
story St. Louis block on Fifth street thla
forenoon, presented unusual difficulties to
the firemen. It was confined to the top
floor, however, and to two tall towers
which were destroyed. The damage will
amount to about $5000. The Bank of Com
merce presented Chief Carnes and the
fire department with a check for J10O as
a testimonial to the efficient work doao
in fighting the flames.
Firemen Rewarded for Efficiency.
ST. LOUIS. July 10.— A special to the
Post-Dispatch from Carbondale, 111., says:
Calvin Rice and Jerry Graves were
hanged to-dav at Marion, 111., for the
heartless murder last February of Mrs.
Nellie Reichelder. a teacher. Both men
died bravely and before the drop fell
made confessions. Ten thousand people
thronged the streets of the little town,
but only a limited number were allowed
to view the execution. All night teams
and "trains brought hundreds of people,
who slept in their conveyances, on the
ground and at any place available.
Two Murderers of Illinois School
teacher Are Hanged To
gether at Marion.
TEN THOUSAND FLOCK
TO ATTEND EXECUTION
COURT SEVERS
IRKSOME BONDS
a crush. . . .
The programme will begin at 8:15 sharp,
when the Orpheus Club will render an ap
propriate sylvan chorus. George C. Borne
mann* and William II. Sleberst are to fol
low with a funny sketch,- entitled "Pad
dyrusky and His Dutch Friend," and then
Howard Scott and. his company are to ap
pear in a sketch and a few moments of
fun will be enjoyed with Dave McLaugh
lin and Pete Sloan.
. The rest of the programme will be as
follows: The Athenian Quartet— Messrs.
Crandall. McCandlish. Redfield and Carl
ton; "Tell Me. Dusky Maiden," sextet
(travesty on "Florodora"), Howard ' C.
Trull, Rea Hanna, W. H. Sieberst, Misa
Claudia Rodgers, Miss M. C. Mead, Miss
Jean Logan.
A special boat will leave for the city
after the perfomance and fete.
THREE TALENTED VOCALISTS
,,. WHO WILL BE 'HEARD AT THE
..^MJiLIi; VALLEY FE-jrff. : (, •
HONOLULU, July 10-(By Pacific
Cable).— In an effort to break the deadlock
of the extra "session of the Legislature,
which was called by Governor Dole for
jthe purpose of passing appropriations, a
"number of ; c6nferences were held to-day.
The failure to agree on the salaries of
certain officials was one qi the obstacles
to harmonious action. The strongest op
position was manifested against providing
a salary for Marston Campbell, Assistant
Superintendent of Public Works, formerly
of Oakland. Cal. Campbell has incurred
the displeasure of many legislators in the
matter of certain j street paving and the
House about two weeks ago passed a
resolution demanding that his resignation
be requested by his superior.
To-day the conferees reached a partial
agreement, which included the striking
out from, the appropriations the salary
for Campbell's office. The Legislature
will adjourn to-morrow night.
AUSTIN, Tex.. July 10.— Former Gov
ernor Murphy of Arizona is interested in
the company which is* being formed by
a number of' American capitalists for tha
purpose of building a new north and
south railroad ' throush Western Mexico
to extend from a point in Arizona." to tha>
port of Topojobamoo, on the Pacific
Coast. Representatives of Governor Mur
phy and his associates are now in the
City of Mexico arranging the details for
the concession for the new road with the
authorities of the Mexican Government.
In addition to building this road the com
pany has planned to control the coast
wise shipping trade of the Pacific coast
of Mexico. It has obtained options on
all of the vessels belonging to Lcui=» Mar
tinez, who 13 known as the shipping
prjnce of Mexico. It is stated that moro
than $20,000,000. gold. Is available for ac
complishing the plans of the company.
Special Dtapatch to The Call.
Plans Complete for Rail
road Prom Arizona
to the Coast.
Appropriations Destroy
the Harmony at
Honolulu.
Failures this week numbered 194 In .the
United States, against 193 last year, and
24 In Canada, compared with 19 a year
ago.
Installation of new converters and other
repairs interefere with work at some
prominent' steel mills, which explains in
part the quiet condition of the market.
Raw wool is firmly held .-fair' prices be
ing secured at the London-American auc
tion sales.
Business failures for the week ending
July 9 number 154. against 1C2 last week,
195 ia the like week of 1302, V& in 1901, 221
la 1300 and 174 in 1S?9.
. In Canada failures for the week number
20, as against 7 last week and 27 in this
week a year ago. - ¦„
R. G. Dun & Co.'s Weekly Review of
Trade to-morrow will say:
, Business responds to improved condi
tions. Distribution of merchandise is ac
celerated by more seasonable weather and
fewer labor controversies, while the whole
sale and Jobbing trade, especially at the
interior, shows the encouraging effect of
brighter agricultural prospects. There is
the cuFtomary excessive demand for farm
hands. Receipts of holiday traffic and
trade in holiday goods Indicate no diminu
tion In purchasing power and semi-annual
Inventories show a more gratifying sit
uation than expected. There Is less than
the usual midsummer Idleness in manu
facturing, except in the cotton industry.
Commodity prices advanced slightly dur
ing June. Dun's index number on July 1
being S99.45G. compared with .$3S,SC6 - -a
month earlier. A decline of 2.4 per cent
i» recorded in comparison with July, 1902,
chiefly in articles of food. Railway earn
ings for June are 13.1 per cent larger than
last . ytar and 25.3 per cent in excess of
1S0L .' .¦¦;/ .. ' . : s :;^i •¦,. ...
KEW YORK, July 10.— Bradstreefs to
morrow will- say:
< Weather conditions continue almost
perfect. The winter wheat crop harvest
has about been completed, with a con
siderably larger yield, than last year; re
tail -trade la summer goods has improved
and reorders from Jobbers are larger in
volume; confidence in a- large fall trade
grows as corn and cotton • make up for
their early backward start; clearings are
ih excess of a. year ago at most centers;
railroad earnings continue to show gains
over all preceding years— the increase' for
June Is f trily JZ per cent— and . prices dis-<*
play exceptional steadiness- -lor- a.- raid-;
slimmer period. The profpect" grows that*
whatever denciences from last year «>ccur
ia crop yields will be made up for by in
creased quotations ' or beUerJ quality of
product*.' : Wool has. been again advanced,
and whHe^nanufaeturers are n0t inctthed
to stock tip, the higher price for. the- rawi
material practically Insures high- cost -for
Epring wocjens. - • ¦'•" .¦
Retail trade hasbeen stimulated .by real'
mmmer weatherand "jobbers Bast and
West note a much improved reorder
business in seasonable goods.
Eastern shoe shipments are 14 per cent
less than last week, "but 18 per cent" larger
than Izst year.
The Iron and steel market Is dull and
unsettled as to r>ric*>s.
¦ Tin and copper are rather weak.
.Wheat, including flour, exports for the
week ending July 9 aergregate 2,350.410
bushels, against 2.&66.6S2 bushels last
week, 4,404.115 bushels this week last year
and 5.016.000 bushels in 190L
LAWMAKERS WAR
OVER SALARIES
WILL DEVELOP
WEST MEXICO
Increased Railroad Earn
ings Shown by Brad
treet's Report.
WINTER WHEAT
CROP IS HEAVY
: When Mrs. .Olwnv returned to Rockford
to-day she found the two babies she had
left— Hilda, and Frank— full-grown and
surprised beyond measure at her^ return.
Alexander Olson s rier husband, she" found
living with his third wife, the second Mrs.^
Olson, whom he married while believing*
fully in ' his first wife's death, having
<iied some- years ato.
Olson identified the returned woman as
"his first wife. The latter will ' recognize
the rights of the third wife and will live
¦with her recovered children.
ROCKFORD.'in.. t 3uly 10.'— A w'oman in
.the role of tnoch Ardeft tb
¦ Rockford* to-day. Twenty Ajne years, ago
.Mrs. Louise. Olson: was. injured in a rail
road wrtck near Buffalo. X. X.; She re
covered, but her mind was not quite' clear
and she wandered tb France. • Another
-victim oX the wreck died in -the hospital.
and by mistake was buried as Mrs. Ol
son.
"Well, Mr. Cornelius; I suppose you
would prefer to work six hours a day if
you could," suggested Moore. -.•
"Yes, sir, I would," said- Cornelius, as
he stepped from the witness stand.
Frank E. Cluff , . a motorman, then pro
duced his time schedules , and explained
how it was practical to work all the car
men under, nine hours a day..
J. A. Bowlln, secretary of the carmen's
union, was the last witness of the day.
He, was once a conductor on the Califor
nia-street line, but last January he was
made the secretary of the-, union. His
salary Is 120 a week, "and his hours are
from 8 to 5. He knew of no work as nerve
racking as a car conductor's.
. The case will be" resumed on Monday
and Livernash expects to close bis case
pxx tb&t dax> ' .._ _
WOULD ACCEPT . SIX.
President Cornelius of the "carmen's
union testified that after fourteen* years'
experience *as • a , carman he considered
that eight hours was long enough for any
carman to work in one day. The men
had asked to have their time cut down
to'nine hours.as they did not wish to ask
too many sudden changes at one time.
He considered that the men now spend
all the leisure they have nursing their
strength to meet their work.'
"Do you think," asked Moore, "that the
nerve-racking is as much on a street car
man as on a professional man, say a law
yer or a doctor, who works fourteen hours
a day?"
"No, I won't say that," replied Corne
lius, "but then lawyers and doctors who
work fourteen hours a day generally re
tire after about twenty years'- practice."
* "Well, I don't know any lawyers who
retire after twenty years' work," replied
Moore, adding, "can you name any?" v *
"Why, there is Niles Searls, for In
stance," said Livernash.
"Oh, N lies Searls: why, he has been too
old to work for years and he is the only
case I ever heard of of an attorney who
could find time to quit practicing," said
Moore. •
At the afternoon session President Hol
land said he did not know previous to the
present proceedings that car cleaners and
others, such as oilers, worked without a
day off. In the future all men working
for a monthly wage would receive every
other Sunday off and they would still re
ceive full pay.
"Supposing that the nine-hour schedule
proved practical, would you accept it?"
Llvernash asked him.
"I can't say that," was the guarded an
swer. He thought the chief requirements
for a platform man In a streetcar com
pany's employ were honesty and sobriety.
At this juncture Livernash read a clip
ping from The Call giving a description
of a scene at the Palace Hotel during the
visit of the late President Harrison. In
the article in question Harrison praised
carmen and said he considered that their
responsibilities were more than that of 'a
pilot bringing In a ship from the ocean.
President Holland would not admit that
the men were as skilled as pilots.
EIGHT HOTJRS ARE ENOUGH.
MEN WILL .GE? A DAY OFF.
He said that he had no disposition to
overwork his men. He described the
world as "a hard-working world," and he
thought that no business man, lawyer or
other professional man worked Jess than
twelve hours a day. He said:
Personally I like hard work, and I also like
men with ambition and who are fond of hard
work. If I were a workman I would want to
work more than eight hour* a day. Men work-
Ing by the hour don't hurt our purses, and all
men who wish to work over nine hours a day
are gratified in their desire when we can ar
range it. The plan of the men working only
nine hours a day was shown to be impractical
by Mr. Chapman, the last witness.
In answer to the question whether he
believed the present overtime schedule
was fair he replied in the affirmative,
adding, "I think wages are extremely
high."
THIS IS A HARD WORLD.
t The carmen were allowed 5 per .cent a
year interest on their $25 deposit which
they had to put up when they enter the
service of the company. This rate -was
higher than they, could get in a savings
bank. He was -unable to get 5 per cent
for any of his investments, nor could he
think of being able to safely invest his
money and secure this rate of interest in
the future.
He had talked over expenses with his
wife, and she had remarked that the
actual cost of living here was much
cheaper than in cither London or Pitts
burg. The only thing he knew that had
gone up in price was the cost of tongue.
At the Palace grill they had raised this
article 10 'cents on the menu. He under
stood, however, that flour and vegetables
had advanced, but he fancied that vege
tables were cheaper here than in any
other market in the world. - ¦ . •
President Arthur Holland of the United
Railroads was then called by Livemash.
He said he was a married man and re
sided with his wife at 2423 - Broadway.
Recently he held a conversation with Mr.
Baldwin of the firm of Baldwin &
Howell, real estate agents, and that gen
tleman then said that there had been no
material change in the last five
years in the rents of homes usu
ally occupied by carmen. The United
Railroads owned a few houses in this city
and rented them to carmen, but the rents
had not been raised since the company
acquired the property.-
RENTS ABE UNCHANGED.
If the men worked but nine hour* a day the
company would be compelled to put oo.a num
ber of extra* men. . Supposing. a carman working
nine hours a . day went to work at S in the
morning. He would be finished by 3 or 4
o'clock In the afternoon. The heavy traffic
commences late in the afternoon and conse
quently a large force of extra men who would
make only one or two trips a day would be
employed.
Some time ago I rot a petition from some of
the men asking that they be allowed to work
nine hours straight, without a rest or meals. X
refused this request in the Interests of the com
pany, for I thought that a man could not glv*
his best services to the company working nine
hours at a stretch without anything to eat.
The arbitration proceedings between the
carmen and the United Railroads yester
day were full of interesting' testimony.
Manager Chapman testified that | after
careful study of the ; situation he was
certain that It would .not be practical for
the carmen of this city to work but nine
hours a day. President Holland was next
called to", the stand. He "testified* con
cerning his wife's , housekeeping affairs,
and lastly Motorman Cluff.ln the employ
of the company, produced time schedules
of his own composition. showing how It
was possible for all carmen to work less
than nine . hours a day, and he volun
teered to show,' Manager Chapman his
mistakes If he would -produce his time
schedules bearing on nine hours' work- .
Manager Chapman* gave the following
testimony during: the day:
Husband She -Discovers - in
His Third Matrimonial .;*
• « Venturer, . -
President Holland Admires
Men That Are Full of
, Ambition.
Woman Who Disaj>
peared Two Decades ;
' Ago. Returns. \.
Cornelius Thinks This
.;• Time Enough for
WIFE FINDS
HER FAMILY
AFTER YEARS
EIGHT HOURS
LONG ENOUGH
FOR CARMEN
TKE SAN FRAINUlJsUU : UAJDL, S^ATUKUAY, JULY 11, 190S.
mantic surroundings of .Miyajlma * (
are •; suggestive of ' scenes . from "A^ Mld
fummer 1 Night's Dream" and many beau- %
jttul? features' have been provided -for an
f veningV long to' be remembered. :¦ Japan-;
ese' lanterns - will shed their, soft ¦; lights
pver the quaint scene, while talent in ro-.<
mantle arrays/will 'soothe' those I who are >
Overmuch in with "the '•whirling \
there will be a prttty
I fete -in Japanese fashion at.-Miya. — ¦.
II > Jima., the i beautiful.^Mlll . Valley ,
' ; residence of G. T." Marsh. The ro-
4
_„_ ADVERTISEMENTS.
0att iffrattrtBro l&lnt look
—^^Hjl The Fashionable
ft- " ' _f-^^Jj^^=r^ :^^^^^iEESE^^^j"~ "~ Pnvat© AdcJrcss
|jpgi= _ ~— . Directory of
KS^^ ' = ~^^Sl^-. California now
TjTpS*^" " _~^ — -" — — r^, Being Compiled
«^*^^^BJJ^fc^^^.»M^MMf*ny^K'Tff*^fWC | lllflB^r!!^KTS for ! • 5 • • • •
rv^*^Ba Containing the
KJ^^S^A^^^..^^^ 5^^vTBr **y»5jj Mil pPl88W bWKK^ y ' • leading: Families
fc%?t%^- r< &E?^^^.,v,^yvy^:'**r%'fr V^iyJa»v^n^# BltcyaviyAV.:^'; San Rafael,
l^v'^i'^5* K '^%^l\«t^ i '^»^^#^ *^v*v '^^ 'r:*"" 1 '¦' iJf ** i -'*^»^ji "^ sSP5B Jo*©, SdnM^tco
&©»& »!s£^SSS%^Kss^&^*S^i*^S^Nft?^?5^*wr^ stocktom *
W^v^^^^^^^X^^^fyy^'^'^^'^ *-*'&¦ $r';~\ Ki/^1 S««t« Cruz,
SIBfiKiSSHNfMS:^^ Also a aub Depart-
S«lK^^&£^i^^ ment S ivin * offi -
XS$«5fSlMK^^^\^"^ cers Directors and
BwSH^S(^«@KiSfi"lK^S? iOraKOTra! § 323 Members. with
wSKB&I^ '*VL^$^ their business »d-
KtV^^a^?! > 3^^^K%X»S^* SS&W^ * >¦ V % * & t'& ¦*! drw»e« : perman'nt
l$fc!£SB^a5£i3|^^ guest* of the lead-
<;SS^-' < *or< lk %>j*it' !^Jv*"' V* &sfc?£is> %o*»«i > a ? hotels; pernon-
letSi£8iSfiS^^W>^ 2 el of th <- pr«»;
raia&wsinW SnKraBli?w diagrams of the
B^^^^^^MV^i»Si»^SS^H?W^W»* :t ' fefiftl theatres: and shop-
K^>%^*4^*tJc^'^^}^^*^^^*w^?s.i?v ; j X ¦"¦ y^S'^ jV4 'js5a3 street and avenue
c^i^^^^^i^^*"^^^^^ ¦¦- P*^* 'giving car
t?^SS3fe**J^x£:& ls^ " ne direct to any
k ..«li%- *b&i&23&S£st tT*^ • &W3S -^^Sfifil ¦ de * l r e d number. -
' "^5h^^''"-^^^^"^* s /^ -vBBl ' ttc " ete . "
>^"*^'^'^*i^^' 5iVii"*^i/ it^' -£ r -3v'-» Price $5.00
Address ;Au.-ceMMuiiie«Tioii« to CHAS. C. HOAG, Pubushu
320 3AN3&MI ST., ROOMS 47 TO 65 • ¦ • -¦
THE E. D. BEATTIE PRINTING CO.
ADVERTISES Iff KNTS. ' \_
< 3MaItistlie soul or beer. I
Tte test tarley makes I
tke best malt. ' J
Tke best malt makes I
the best been J
Bat st buys tke best J
karley ~tka£ s wky I
is superior to otker I
I beers* I
H Orders filled by |j
|1 Thomas W. Collins & Co., Telephone Grant 349. |NEW HAVEN. Conn.. July 10.— The na
tional division of the Sons of Temperance,
which has b*en holding its session* In this
city. ha« adjourned and will meet next year
In Philadelphia. The action of the Most
Worthy Patriarch - In suspending the Ohio
Orand Division was sustained by the national
division. *s&®si —-..•;•
Kuehne Dies of His Wounds.
The death of Gustave Kuehne. a patient
In the\ German Hospital, ¦ was' reported
yesterday to the Coroner. Kuehne on
July 4 was in the act of ¦removing the
loaded cartridges from his revolver for
the purpose of substituting , blank cart 7
ridges when one of the loaded shells ex
ploded; the, bullet entering his side.' He
was taken to the German Hospital, where
he lingered until yesterday, when he died.
Italian Embassador Arrives.
The Italian _ Embassador, Mayor Ed
mond des Pianches, arrived at 3 o'clock
this morning from Los Angeles. He- was
at once escorted . to the Palace Hotel.
Count : P. I..- Grlmani," Vice Consul, came
to the. city from San. Rafael, to greet his
Excellency.
A Southern, Paclflc freight train- was
derailed at Salinas., This detained the
Los Angeles train several hours.
Framing Materials.
The new 'styles and colors in picture
frames, mat boards and binding papers
please all who visit our store.- Sanborn
Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. luor , n -
Butchers Beady for Frolic.
All final arrangements for the butchers*
picnic next Sunday at Shell Mound Park
have been made and the picnic no doubt
will be a successful affair. Four hundred
gate and game prizes will be given away.
A tug of war between the different
branches of the union will be a feature
of the day. The members In uniform will
leave Butchers' Hall,; corner of. Eighth
and Folsom streets, at 9 a. m., march
along Eighth street to Market and down
Market to the ferry.
Chief Deputy Donovan of the Board of
Public Works has recommended that New
Montgomery street be accepted as a pub
lic highway and, if the claim of the Sel
fridge estate stands good in law, the city
will be obliged to purchase the disputed
portion of the street.
The property owners who petition that
New Montgomery street, from Market to
Howard street, be accepted by the city
for street purposes recite that for the last
thirty years the street named has been
paved, sewered and kept in repair for
use as a public highway. On December
22, 1869, the Montgomery Real Estate
Company deeded what is known 33 New
Montgomery streef to the city. This deed
was recorded on January 21, 1SS3, at the
request of William Sharon.
The claim of the present representatives
of the Silfrldge estate is that the por
tion of tne land on which the Gra$<l Ho
tel now stands -was leased by the " Sel
fridge estate to the Montgomery-street
Real Estate Company and that it did not
Include that portion of the street which
belonged to the estate and which is now
In contention.
Opposed to these petitioners are Mrs.
Minnie L. Selfridge and Lydia G. Sel
fridge, who filed a protest yesterday, in
which they claim that a portion of New
Montgomery street, for a distance of six
ty-eight and a half feet north of Steven
son street, is their private property and
has belonged to them for the last thirty
years.
According to documents filed yesterday
before the Board of Public Works, a por
tion of New Montgomery street does not
belong to the city, but to private parties.
A petition has been filed by a number
of property owners of New Montgomery
street, asking that the street be dedicat
ed for street purposes and accepted for
that purpose.
This petition is signed by the Sharon
Estate Company, Hubert E. Law, Hart
land Law, J. H. Spring, Steger & Ed
wards, Thomas Crellin and the Pacific
States Telephone and Telegraph Com
pany.
- The State Board of Prison Directors
will meet at San Quentin to-day and for
mally elect a successor to Warden Martin
Aguirre. The outcome of the meeting is
awaited in political circles with the keen
est interest, for not the slightest intima
tion has been J given by the directors as
to who their choice will be for the im
portant position. ¦
Rumors have been circulated persistent
ly to the effect that the members of ttie
board had agreed to defer action in this
matter until Director Devlin returned
from the. East, but these stories are with
out foundation. It was announced last
evening from an authoritative source that
nothing will further deter the members
of the board, from making a change In
the management of the affairs of the pri
son to-day.
The directors, fully appreciating the
demoralizing influences prevailing at San
Quentin— results of the unsettled condi
tions there— have deemed it their duty to
abandon all partisanship that may exist
among them relative to candidates for
warden and unite" upon some man on
whom they can count for a clean admin
istration. That further delay in the war
denship matter is dangerous to the in
stitution the directors readily realize and
they will at once bring about a much
needed change and see that the rules of
the prison are enforced without fear or
favor.
The directors insist that they have not
united on any particular candidate. With
out political prejudice when they meet
to-day they will consider the qualifica
tions of all candidates, especially as to
competency in the disciplining of crimin
als and managing an institution of the
character of San Quentin prison. They
will then decide who is the most capable
of those nominated.
Going to Yosexnite.
Hundreds of people who will visit Cali
fornia during the G. A. R. Encampment
are already booked for the Yosemlte.
They will visit the valley during August,
and the same rush is anticipated as early
in June. A whole month now intervenes
before the Eastern hosts reach the coast
and now is the time for San Franciscans
to take advantage of the lull in travel
to make this wonderful trip. The Santa
Fe Merced route is via two groves of
Big Trees. Full information at 641 Mar
ket street, Santa Fe office. •
Sufferer Takes Poison
Morris Lynn, a cripple, 25 years of age.
committed Fuieide by taking strychnine
yesterday afternoon at the residence of
his sister. Mrs. T*annie I.>eIgoFsen. at 43<1
Twenty-ninth street. About ten years
ago Lynn was injured in a railroad wreck
and since has been unable to engage in
any occupation. He suffered a great deal
and finally grew despondent.
PREPARE FOR FRENCH
NATIONAL CELEBRATION
Anniversary of the Fall of the Bas
tile Is to Be Observed
With Fete.
The fall of the Bastlle will be celebrat
ed by the French and French-American
citizens of San Francisco on Tuesday,
July 14. at the Chutes under the auspices
of all the French societies of the city.
The arrangements are exceptionally
elaborate for the occasion and the com
mittees are composed of Influential men
connected with the French colony.
The Consul General of France, M. Hen
ry Dallemagne, will be president of honor
and M. P. A. Bergerot Tvill be president
of the day. V. Gardet is vice president;
O. Bozio, second vice president; J. S.
Godeau, treasurer, and A. B.. RIchet, sec
retary.
STREETCAR MEN SWEAR
THEY ARE NOT ROBBERS
Judge Is Puzzled Over Case of Philip
Philipps and George P.
McCarrolL
The preliminary examination of Philip
Ihilipps. conductor, and George P. Me
t arroll, pripman, both of the Geary street
line, on a charge of robbery was held be
fore Police Judge Conlan yesterday. On
a motion to dismiss the Judge reserved
hi* decision until Tuesday.
\V. K. Trimpler. the complaining wit
ness, repeated on the witness stand the
story told the police when he asked for
.->. warrant and swore that Philipps took
Ji out of his pocket at Point Lobos ave
nue and Wood street early Wednesday
morning while McCarroll held him.
Both defendants again denied commit
ting the robbery, and said they were
holding on to the rear of Trimpler's
wagon, when Trimpler jumped off and
accused them of throv/inp stones, which
they denied. Trimpler thereupon threat
en- d to "lick" them and struck at Philipps.
ivho retaliated. Trimpler got "cold feet"
and ran away. When asked what object
Trimpler could have In saying he was
robbed, they replied that he must be
crazy.
husband of the plundered woman, on the
afternoon of the robbery underwent a
scrutiny by the police and for a time it
was thought he might know more about
the crime than he was willing to admit.
He is a bricklayer and quit work on Tues
day afternoon. He arrived at the house
soon after the robbery and explained his
presence there by saying that he had a
premonition that something would hap
pen to his wife.' This arfected him so
strongly that he determined to return
home.
DISTRUST HUSBAND.
This story, taken in connection with the
fact that the robbery was committed by
person? possessing pass keys to the flat
and that their manner of seeking., the
money evidenced a perfect knowledge of
where Mrs. Hughes usually carried her
valuables, rendered the police skeptical
regarding Hughes' "premonition."
The husband did not know that Mrs.
Hughes had banked the money the morn
ing after its receipt. As soon as he had
left for work she went downtown and de
posited it without telling him of her in
tention. According to the neighbors the
couple frequently quarrel over money
matters. Although Mrs. Hughes says that
only she, her husband and little girl knew
that she had received the money, those
who live in the neighborhood aver that
the fact was generally known to most of
them. The little girl spoke of it many
times during the day to her playmates,
who repeated it to their parents with all
the picturesque exaggerations of child
hood, until the sum had grown to be a
fortune.
Last night the police pretended to be
lieve that Hughes was in no way impli
cated in the crime and stated that he
would not be arrested unless some new
developments occur to change the present
aspect of the case.
READY TO NAME
PRISON WARDEN
FORMER CONVICT ARRESTED
FOR BRUTAL ROBBERY OF
MRS. V HUGI1ES.
FORMER CONVICT PLEADS
GUILTY TO BURGLARY
Henry Bays Was Tried and Acquit
ted Years Ago for a Sensa
tional Murder.
Henry Bays, alias "Lucky" Bays, alias
George Johnson, pleaded guilty in Judge
Lawlcr's court yesterday to a charge of
burglary. He will be sentenced to-day.
On April 13 he entered the vacant house
at 211$ Pacific avenue belonging to Charles
K. Hsirley. Entrance was gained by
opening a window, and Bays stole a num
ber of glass globes, which he carried
away in a sack. , ,
A quarter of a. century ago Bays . was
the principal figure in one of the most
sensational trials ever held in the crim
inal courts here. He was tried for strang
ling a Mrs. Dre-11, an old German woman,
who kept a lodging-house at California
and Dupont streets. She was found dead
with a towel tied tightly around her
neck. Bays was one of her roomers and
he was suspected of having stolen money
from her on several occasions. He was
arrested for the murder, tried and ac
quitted, as the evidence was purely cir
cumstantial. After that he was called
"Lucky" Bays*.
There are two prior convictions against
him for burglary in the first degree. On
September 23, 18S2, he was sentenced to
serve one year in Folsom penitentiary,
and on April 21, 1SS5, he y/as sent to the
same institution for fifteen years.
AS a result of police investigation
of the brutal robbery of Mrs.
Thomas Hughes Thursday after
noon at her residence, 314 Gough
street, John Zimmerman was
taken into custody -yesterday by. Detec
tives Wren and Reynolds. He will be
held at the City Prison until further in
quiry into his movements on the day of
the robbery.
Suspicion was directed to Zimmerman
by the fact that on Tuesday last Detec
tive Wren saw him loitering on the cor
ner of Haves and Gough streets, near
Mrs. Hughes' home. After his arrest he
was questioned regarding his presence in
that vicinity and he said he had been
sent there by a hotel steward with a mes
sage to a girl. He gave the steward's
name but could not remember the girl's
name nor address. The steward denied
knowing Zimmerman and paid he had not
intrusted a message to any one that day.
Zimmerman is a former convict and
has a criminal record in this city. He
was arrested in March, 1S97, for stealing
$240 from John Young, a baker on Mc-
Allister street, for whom he worked. In
the Superior Court he was allowed to
plead guilty to petty larceny and was
I sentenced to six months in the County
Jail. On June 15 he was arrested for en
tering the" grocery store of William
Stenke, at Oak and Devlsadero streets,
and on August 26 of the same year was
sentenced to serve five years in Polsom
penitentiary. He was discharged March
2\, 1902.
BLAMED FOB OTHER CHIMES.
In addition to the Hughes robbery the
police believe they can fasten other
crimes upon Zimmerman. They think he
may be one of the two men responsible
for the robbery at the house of William
L. B. Mills at 2078 Broadway on the
I morning of July 2 and also the burglar
who entered the grocery store of Phillip
Bayen at Point Lobos and Eighth ave
nues and stole a large amount of money,
a check and some telephone slugs. A
pocket full of slugs was found in Zim
merman's possession at tne time of hi3
arrest. In his room at 123 Turk street
was a large caliber revolver, many keys
and a bundle of files.
Mrs. Hughes had almost entirely re
covered yesterday from the shock oc
casioned by her rough treatment at the
hands of the man v.ho held her while the
other searched the house for the JjO) they
thought secreted there. The story of her
ill usage was much exaggerated in the
first accounts. The man who held her
did not strike her, but in attempting to
stifle her cries he caused her nose to~"
bleed, which, apart from the shock, was
the most serious Injury she received. She
persists in her statement that three men
took part in the robbery, but the police
believe that only two were engaged in
it. for two men were seen leaving the
house.
The movements of Thomas Hughes,
WAMTS PORTION
OF THOROUGHFARE
The mutterings of a coming storm have
become audible from the direction of a
bevy of •well-known society folks com
prising the Semnervireris Club.
To the Governor of the State, as ex
pQcio member of the Park Commission
ers for the Big Easin Reservation, the
society •women have carried their com
plaint, which is a protest against the al
leged unfair discrimination by the Com
missioners, w'ho are said to allow favor
ites to camp in the new park, despite
the rulings to the contrary by the com
mission itself.
A rfior.th ago several San Jose people —
members of the Santa Clara branch of
the Sempervirens Club— petitioned the
«"cmmiFsior.crs fcr permission to camp in
the Big BaFin Reservation. It was re
fv.ned on the grounds that, with J. H.
Pi'kingicn. the sole guradian of the basin,
unaided in case of fires, no campers could
be allowed until the commission had made
a tour of infection and designated suit
able spots for camping places. The word
of the Commissioners was accepted with
some prumblir.g. since the Sempervirer.s
Olub had met every year at a camp of
th^ir own selection in the giant redwoods.
R.ecently it was discovered that a party
rt boys from St. Matthews' School at
San Matco were camping unmolested in
the former haunts of the club of nature
lovers and enjoying the very conveniences
that the club itself had installed therein,
and from which It had been Interdicted.
The boys said they were there by permis
sion of Professor Dudley of Stanford Uni
versity, one of the Commissioners.
Since it was through the vigorous and !
long fought campaign of the Semper- i
virens Club that the giant redwoods of !
the basin were spared from the woodmen :
and made eacred by the legislative en- i
BCtnwnt of UQL, much indignation has ¦
b^n roused against the discrimination of ',
Commissioner Dudley.
A protest, drawn up by one of the club
members who is an attorney. Is now in ¦
the hands of Mrs. Loveil White, press
dent of the club, and by her it will be j
transmitted to Governor Pardeee.
In the temporary absence of lies. White.
Mi^s Mary G. Gorham. the general secre- '
tary of the club, voiced the sentiments of '
h*r 't'.Iow club members when seen at ;
her hom? , TM Bush street, last night. She I
raid:
•'We were all disappointed when the i
commission refused us the privilege to go '¦
to our old camp in the redwoods this ;
summer. We have a permanent camping |
spot there, fitted with conveniences at
our expense.
"When we heard that other people were '
rr.joying the right denied us. ar.d even i
using our camp, we were naturally sur- .
prised at the action of the Commissioners. '
Mrs. White has power to act and she '
can move without the formal sanction of ;
a club meeting. A meeting would be im- j
possible during vacation."
The snapping of a guy rope caused a
giant derrick at Third and Mission streets
to topple over yesterday afternoon. The
engineer of the machine, J. H. Smith,
was severely though not seriously in
jured, and it was only by a miracle that
the lives of a score of other workmen
were spared. In falling tne immense
boom struck a temporary sidewalk and
demolished it. Fortunately no one hap
pened to be massing au that particular
spot when the crash came, although thou
sands of people were on the thorough
fare. The mast of the derrick struck the
side of a building and ripped it to splin
ters. Again good fortune prevailed and
no one was injured.
The derrick was being used in the con
struction of a building on the northwest
corner of Mission and Third streets. It
was situated in the center of the lot upon
¦which improvements have just commenced
and heavy steel girders, fresh from the
factory, were being lifted about and
placed in position. One of the girders,
weighing about eleven tons, had been
raised p.r.d was in suspension, when a
guy rone cave way and the tall mast
and bocm topu'ed over sideways. The
donkey engine, which rested on the der
rick platform, pitched over also and Engi
neer Smith was thrown into an excava
tion and rendered unconscious.
On the Th'ni-strcet 3ide, where the
boom struck, is an elevated wooden side
walk. This is usually crowded with hu
manity, and especially at the hour of
the accident. Th<? mast struck the side
cf the Continental Tailoring Company's
buildlnc on Third street and snapped in
two pieces. The side cf the structure was
hacily damaged and goods in a show case
scattered la all directions.
S. 1 .2 ClvAr and C. Lair.bert are the
contractors in charge of the work. They
have been particularly unfortunate re
cently, and yesterday's accident v.'lll de
lay them a couple of days further. A
carload of steel, which has been badly
needed for some time, was lost some
where en ror.tfl from the East and only
arrived Thursday. The iron bases were
under water in St. Louis lor two weeks
and were also shipped late.
Aver That a Favored Few
Camp in Big Basin and
They Are Denied.
One Man Is Injured and Many
Miraculously Escape
Death.
Members ot Sempervi
rens Allege Unfair
Discrimination.
Guy Rope Snaps and Big
Boom Demolishes
Sidewalk.
Fred Zimmerman, Whose Unsavory Record Stamps
Him as Dangerous Character, Is Supposed to
Be a Participant in the Brutal Daylight Crime
STORM CREATED
BY CLUB WOMEN
DERRICK FALLS
WITH A CRASH
FORMER CONVICT IS ARRESTED
FOR ROBBERY OF MRS. HUGHES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 11, 1903.
5
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Life Caused Chronic
• Headaches.
Stomach Trouble All
His Life.
Dr. Miles* Anti-Pain Pills
Cured Him of Both.
A$ is vcrr lreqnentJr found the stomach
trouble and headache in the iollowiue ca$«
cazne from the same cause. Dr. Miles Anti-
l'aia rills like all of Dr. Miles' Remedies,
are designed to cure the disease, not the
trrnptoms. This readily explains why these
?terling medicines can cure such * variety of
diseases. There is no reruedr, formula or
prescription which in any way equals Dr.
Miles' Anti-Pain Pills for the speedy cure
and relief of headache and kindred ailments.
"Up to the ace of twenty-three my son was
Creatly troubled with 1 severe pains in the
ttotnacL After he had served his term of
enlistment v.jth the army in the Philippines
he came home and tras unfit for anything
because of terrible headaches. He found
that Dr. Miles' Anti-Pain Pills not only re-'
iteved him cf the headaches but would pre-
sent an attack if taken in time. He contin-
ued their use for seme time and to his sur-
prise and delicht he found they had cured
the stomach trouble also. You may imaf ine
how grateful both he and myself feel to you
for the food the Anti-Pain Pills have done
him. I may add that I have used your med-
icines in our family for many years and keep
a bottle cf Nervine in the house all the time.
I thimk it an ideal household remedy and all
the remedies are just what you recommend
thera to be. You have my permission to
publish this."— Mas. M. L. FaRRAR, Walla
Walla, Wash.
All drucrists sell and cuarantee Dr. Miles*
Anti-Pain Pills. They are non-la xative; con-
tain no opiates, never sold in bulk, 25 doses,
25 cents. Dr. Miles Medical Co.. Elkhart, Ind.
OCEAN .TEAVEL.
S%\ei A > "v. : Steamersi leave San . Fran-
! Cisco as follows:
r*T*Mi ¦» n f* 01 " Ketchlkan. Juneau,
/*/ \S^£5l i \ Skagway. etc.. Aia«'sa— 11 a.
j \ly5*l\ } m.. July 10. 13. -0, US. .10.
I \ VwW/ './ August- 4. ChanKe to com-
v5k v ySI P an J r>s f teamers at Seattle. ¦
\g^~—^oy For -Victoria,' Vancouver.
Port Townsand. Eeattle. Ta-
coma. Everett, Wbatcom — 11
a. m.. July 10. IB. 20. 25. 30. Augurt 4. Change
at Seattle to this company's steamers for Alas-
ka and G. N. Ry. ; at Seattle for Tacoma to N.
P. Ry. :-at Vancouver to C. P. Ry." - evS.'
For Eureka (Humbotdt Bay)— Pomona. 1:30
p. m.. July. 9. . Ifk. 21, 27, August 2 ;¦ Corona.
1:30 p. m., July 12, IS. 24, SO, August 0.
For Los Anceles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara— Sanfa
Rosa. Sunday*. 9 a. m. ' - . ¦
- State of Ciillfornla. Thursdays, 0 a. m. '
For Loa Angeles (via San Pedro and . East
San Pedro). Santa. Barbara, Santa Croc, Mon-
terey, San Simeon.' Cayuccs, Port Harford (San
Luis Obispo). Ventura and Haentme."
"Coos Bay. 0 a. m.. July 8, 16. 1 4. August 1.
For Ensennda, Magdalen* Bay. San Jos« del
Cnbo. 'MasatUn. AttaU, La Pax. Santa Ts<-
•alla. Guaymas (Alex.). 10 a. m. 7th of each
month.
Kor further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamera or sail-
ing dates. ¦ ¦¦
•C1CWT rTTCF 8 — 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel), 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf. . •.:•-»'.
Freight Office. 10 Market stre ft. I.".,
,C. D. DUN ANN.. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market St., San Francisco.
'¦Q.-R. & N. CO.
"Columbia" sails July 12. 22. Aug. 1. 11. 21.
31.. "Georjre W. Elder" sails July 17. 27. An jr.
«. 16, 26. Only steamship line to PORTLAND.
OR.. • ond short rail line from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to all points, all
rail- or steamship and rail, at LOWEST
RATES. Steamer tickets Include berth and
mcaH. Steamer sails footof Spear st. at 11 a.
m S F. BOOTH. Gen. .Agt. Pass. Dent.. 1
Montgomery »t.: C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt. Frt.
Dept.. 3 Montgomery St.. - '
TOYO RISEN KAISHA,
' ' (ORIENTAL- STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers; will leave wharf, corner First and
Erannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and -HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlogo).
Nagasaki and- Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamera for India. - etc. - No
cargra received. on board on day of sailing.
S. S. NIPPON MARU.... Friday. July 31. 1903
S. S. AMERICA MARU;.... . -
.V. Wednesday. August 2fi. 1903
S S.-HONGKONO MARU (Calling at Ma-
«• nila) Saturday. September 19. 1003
"Via Honolulu.- Round-trip tickets afredueed
rates. For freight and passage, apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street. Corner First.
.. t . ,W.H. AVERY. General Agent. \
SS. "'SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa.'^Auckland
. and Sydney...:.. Thursday, July 10. 2 p.,m.
RS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu, July. 25, lla. m.
S3. MARIPOSA.t for •Tahiti. Aug. 13. 11 a. m,
AtSPHECltlS* BJ3».60..lji5..T)cUtSfSc«.643IarSitR
; FrtfeblS2M.328 HarbtSL.Rtrla. 7. fuife JL *
OCEAN TRAVEL -
AMERICAN XJ3TE.
2Tew York — Southampton — Loadca.
Phllada.July 15. ID ami N'ew Yor.Au; .'., 10 am
St. Paul. July 22. 10 amlPhilada.Aug. li. 10am
ATLANTIC TSA37SFOST LISTS.
JXvw Tcrk — London.
Mln'ha.Jul. 11. «:S0 ami Mir.'tnka. July 25, 6 am
M*saba..July IS. 9 am! Ml.nn.Aug. 1. 11:30 am
Only First-class Passengers Carried.
BO2XX3STO2r LI*TE. -
Beaton — Qn«enstown — Liverpool.
New England July <H New Kn^lar.j. . ..\u?. 4
Mayflower July HH Mayflower Aug. l;l
Commonwealth. July ZKM Jomnionwealth.AuK. 27
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passage
Canada. July iftlDomlnion Aug. 1
Kensington July 251 Southwarfc Aur. 8
Boston MEDITEBBA2TEA3J" Senrlca.
• . A«ore«, Gibraltar, Naples, Genoa.
Vancouver Sat. July IS. Aug. 20. Oct. 1O
Cambroman Sat.. Aur. S. "Sept. 1I». Oct. 31
KOLX.AZ5TD AMZBXCA LUTE?*" •
Ne-w Tor* — Rotterdam, ¦wim Boulon*.
Sailing Wednesday at 10 a. ra.
Nocrdatn July 13) Potsdam Aug. S
Roturdftm ...July 29' Statendaro ....Aug. LI
BED STAB LINZ. ' a
¦ H«w Tori— Antwerp — Parla.
Ze«tand.July 11. 10 *m| Vadrid.July 25. 10 am
Flnland.Jutyl^lO am' Krnland.Aog. I. 10 am
- WHITE STAS , »T»C'
Hew York — Qne«w:owa — XJvexpool.
Sailing Wednesdays and Fridays.
Arable.. .July 10. 6 ami Victorian. July 21. « am
Germanlc.July 15, noon MaJ«st!c.July 22. noon
CedrlcJuly 1T.10 :30 am J Celtic. .July 21. S pm
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent. Paclflc Coast.
, i »".<• 21 ¦ Post st.. San Francisco.
ffamburgStmerican.
For PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBWRO
Twin -Screw Exsrsss tad Fiuaagw 8«rric».
F. Bismarck July 18 Moltke Aug. (I
Patricia July IS, Waldersee Aug. 3
Bluecher July 2T.; Palatia Aug. 1.1
Pretoria .......Aug. -1' Bluecher Auj. 20
HAXB0B9-AKZX1CA5 LWS, 37 IT war. .«. /. ¦
HERZOG & CO.. 401 California St.. Gen. Agt«.
C0XPAQ5I3 6X5XSALS TRAKSATLlHTIQli
U1RKCT LINE TO HAVKEPa.*;^
Sailln* every Thursday. Instead oC^Sj£jrt|
Saturday. »t 10 a. m.. trom Pier 42, »*^«rV"3
North 'River. 1 foot of Morton straeu
Klrnt-cluia to Havre. $70 and upward. 9«o«
' ord-class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
EBAL AGENCY FOR CX1TED ITATE8 AXD
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudscn bu!ldlns>.
New York. J. F. FUGAZ1 * CO.. Paclflc Coast
A cents 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco,
Tickets' so!d by all Railroad Ticket A cents.
Max* lalaad and VaU<jo St>am>x»»
Steazn»r OES. FRISBIE or MCXT1CELLO
— 0:45 a. m.. 3:15 acd 8:3O p. m.. ex. Sunday.
Sunday. ,9:45 a. m.. S:3Op. m. Leaves Vallejo.
7 a. m.. 12:3O noon, 8 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare. SO cents. Tel-.
Main 1308. Pier 2. Mlaslon-*t. dock. HATCH
BROS. - • . ' . ' ' • "
THE WEEKLY CALL
;5>1 per. Year. ¦ .
A "Bi! SON "FrGfi ifixt SunduV
I I V "LOVE'S CONFIDENCE." j
I BeSure to CetThis Beautiful Picture FREE With Your I
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BACK EAST
EXCURSIONS
EV THE
JULY 12th, 13th, 14th,
r; 15th and 16th. '•¦££¦
AUGUST 18th and 19th,
25th and 28th.
THERE Alil> BACK
ONE BARE.
STOP-OVERS 9O-DAY LIMIT.
Ask Agents :' 1- -
SANTA FE,
For Particulars
641 MARKET STREET
m Brb9| a. \w*t 1. 1 in T#? m 09* \3!
¦u ¦BsS'f ntfi YaL -W (en iUjtsy**.
Km w^Mvnf^Stf^MrJj L*£n HWi
HI M SI EBB C&Ti Iffi P'V>5 A m ML-lM
¦9 ™ JD ESS ESfeSa BW "tP? ¦" JL *"*si
KS ¦ <a Pj£| KSaj. ffSl •=!%?* j% iSBftpH
'. > r ' ':•'. i .:; ¦ . 'V. .* t""l';'One of our esteemed fellow citizens appealed to the
courts the other day for the privilege of changing his
name on the, ground that his friends made fun of it
His friends doubtless associated his qualities - with
his name.
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candles. 50c a pound, in artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market* st.. above Call bldg. #
It is announced that the Panama Canal treaty is
gaining friends in Colombia. This seems to be an
ominous development in the case, as Uncle Sam has
already made provision to handle the enemies of the
treaty and hardly expected to be compelled to subdue
its friends as well.
Petitions in bankruptcy were filed yes
terday in the United States District Court
as follows: J. F. Murphy, clerk, San
Francisco, liabilities $937, no assets; W. A.
Grimmell, boarding-house keeper,' San
Mateo. liabilities $1315. no assets; John
Gottstein, grocer. San Francisco, liabili
ties $3309, no assets.
Petitions in Bankruptcy.
The stage robber is again abroad in the land and
another stageful of summer excursionists has been
relieved of money and jewelry. The highwayman
probably feels that he has a vested right to a divi
sion of the spoils intended for the keepers of sum
mer resorts.
An opposition to the petition for let
ters of administration on the estate of
Samuel Gllmore. filed by the Public Ad
ministrator, was instituted yesterday by
Virginia Gilmore. Gilmore died last
March, leaving a widow and several rel
atives. They object to the administra
tion handling the estate and the widow
authorized the contestant to file a coun
ter application. The estate is valued at
J5000. ¦
Opposes Public Administrator.
thur ought to be proof positive of Russian aggression
that even he who runs may read. The Russian bear
is not easily frightened from his prey and it may be
that he would not object in his meal to a slice of
Japanese territory.
The conference of Muscovite officials at Port Ar-
Jackson, Ky., has at last found a man brave
enough or incomprehensibly reckless enough to agree
to become the Town Marshal. Possibly he feels that
in some manner distinction will cling to the victim
of assassination, or he may have taken this unique
way in which to commit suicide.
IS HEARST crazy with self-esteem? The con
stant praise of himself in his own papers is stock
for constant laughter to the general public, and
no doubt of grief to his judicious friends if he have
any. Taking him at his own estimate he is the uni
versal regulator of things. The readers of his papers,
if they believe all they get in them, must be the vic
tims of more misinformation than the heathen in his
blindness. Readers of Mr. Hearst's papers are in
formed that the whole country is waiting on the tip
toe of expectancy to make him President. Wher
ever labor unions and Democratic conventicles are
assembled Mr. Hearst says his name is hailed above
all others as the favorite son of the republic, the
prophet, seer and revelator of all things, the suc
cessor of Jefferson and Jackson and the next candi
date and the next President.
Recently the Iowa Democratic Convention met at
Des Moines, dumped Bryan and his isms and an
nounced that the party in that State is again clothed
and in its right mind.
Mr. Hearst says in his Examiner. that he, William
Randolph Hearst, was referred to by the convention
as "the great champion of Democracy .to-day, of
great influence, an inspiring personality and of heroic
labors." Whereupon Mr. Hearst says, "There was
the greatest demonstration of the day at . the men
tion of William Randolph Hearst." Now we- have
had the report of that convention in a half dozen
Democratic papers of Iowa, some of them the larger
country press and some of them dailies published in
thft lareer cities of the State, and none of them men-
By the payment of $2000 by M. M. Estee,
United States District Judge of Hawaii
and who was at one time a candidate for
gubernatorial honors in this State, he has
secured a filing of a satisfaction of the
judgment for $10,650 obtained against him
in February, 1902, by Isaac Trumbo. It
was filed yesterday by J. M. Lewis, to
whom the judgment was assigned by
Trumbo. The judgment was obtained on
a suit on a promissory note executed by
Estee. . '¦« .",,; '• \ :-¦'
Estee Settles Up.
IS HE DAFT?
Veracious and indefatigable correspondents are
again busy with our relations with Russia, and the
pen and ink horizon is darkening with the ominous
clouds of war. Meanwhile Russia and the United
States are living in peace and with feelings of the
complctest friendship toward each other.
Only a few of our troops remain as guardians of
the peace and directors of the early life of republican
Cuba. It will be interesting to watch how the baby
will act when all the soldiers have gone and fear of
the correctional lash has been removed.
In the splendid reception which our fighting sail
ors have received in England there is certainly no
element except that of gratification. While courte
sies between nations involve stupendous issues and
results, they have still the fine flavor and the grace of
friendly intercourse between individuals.
NEW YORK, July 10.— The following
Californians have arrived at the hotels:
From San Francisco— M. B. Longnel, at
the Herald Square; J. Crager,, at the
Rossmore; D. M. Morris, at the Imperial;
A. V. Scheppelman, at the Union Square;
J. G. Webb, at the Grand Union; S.V.
Strong, at the Grand; A. Hanford and
Mrs. J.' Wilson, at the Everett.'
From Los Angeles— J. H. Attig and wife,
at the Albert; O. Horner and Mrs. Free
man, at the Broadway Central; C. F.
Pate and wife, at the Grand Union; M.
H. Wells, at the Hoffman.
From San Diego— F. S. Wines, at the
Broadway Central.
Californians in New York.
The elephant has a trunk. Havs you?
If not. buy one from Leibcld Harness Co..
211 Larkln st. Ten per cent oft for next two
weeks. All goods marked In plain fig-ores.*
On the second floor will be five class rooms,
a freehand drawing and color room, a room
for instruction In woodcarving, another for in
struction in clay modeling. besides waste,
locker and toilet rooms, also rooms Intended
for sewing and cooking.
The third floor is to be used for the evening
school, space being provided for mechanical
engineering, for architectural drawing, for
electrical and marine engineering and mathe
matics. On this floor there will also be a
library and model room and an assembly hall
with a seating capacity of 1200. Space above
the assembly hall is to be utilized as a room
BOOMS FOB THE ABTS.
On the first floor will be a reception room,
a room for the Drincipal, a library room, six
class rooms, a room for mechanical drawing,
a woodworking shop, lumber and finishing
rooms and waste, locker and toilet rooms.
This building, which is also to be used as an
evening technical school of architecture and
naval design, is planned to be a brick struc
ture faced with pressed brick and trimmed
with sandstone. It is to be in part two, in
part three and in part four stories high. An
entrance vestibule flanked by Doric columns
will lead to the first floor.
The estimated cost of the polytechnic
high school Is $373,000, and the plans for
the building describe it as follows:
The polytechnic school is to be erected
on the south side of Pine street, west of
Larkin. while the grammar schools are
to be located at Washington and Mason,
Carl and Stanyan and Union and Mont
gomery streets.
PLANS and specifications for the
proposed new grammar schools
and the new polytechnic high
school were made public yesterday
by City Engineer Grunsky. The
electors will soon decide if these build
ings shall be erected by casting" their
votes on the bond issue.
The roofs of these buildings will be slata.
The buildings are to be well ventilated and
heated, plants for this purpose to be located la
the basements.
On the third floor or attic of each balldlnsr
is to be the gymnasium, with running track
and modern appliances, bathrooms, and the
like.
On the first floor will be seven and on the
second fight classrooms, besides small rooms
for various purposes, as shown In the draw
ings.
The main entances. Including eclu-nns, cor
nices and balustrades, are planned to be sand
stone. The stairways are to be made fire
proof and inclosed by fireproof walla.
On the ground floors ther* will be the assem
bly halls, two large manual training rooms,
laboratories, rooms of the Janitor, a kitchen
for the teachers and dressing-rooms. The aa
sembly halls will be a soeclal feature of these
school buildings. They will be cUlptlcal la
shape, with stages, asbestos curtains, dressing-
rooms, private boxes and inclined mala Coots
and Inclined entrance approaches.
ELABOBATE ENTBANCES.
These school buildings are to be finished la
the- French Renaissance style of architecture.
They are to be practically four stories high.
The bases of the structures are to be finished
In granite, the first stories In gray sandstone,
the rest of the buildings in bufT-colored pressed
brick with terra cotta trlmmir.es.
The estimated cost of the new grammai
schools is $108,000 for each building. The
plans describe the proposed schoolhousea
as follows:
for preparing templates and patterns, model;
and the like, and otber rooma remain available
for instruction in architecture and mining
Space for iron shops, smithy and foundry la
provided on the ground floor, also for «mtinei
and boilers, for chemical and physical labora
tories and for a heating and ventilating plant.
Worldly wisdom pointing the way to independ
encee is something men acquire with difficulty. One
need not look only in the ranks of the street-car men
for the lack of it. Everybody remembers General
Coxey and his industrial army that got in Washing
ton jail for not keeping "off the grass." He was a
man of property and after his army dissolved went
into business as an ironmaster and in other lines.
His profits soon rose to nearly $100,000 a year. But
now be is in the hands of a receiver. He may soon
apply for employment on a street car. He was not
content with his large profits but put them into spec
ulative enterprises, and now is ready to accuse some
body else, or society, or "conditions" for his losses.
But we may not go so far afield as General Coxey
for an example of the need of worldly wisdom. All
California was startled and disquieted by the failure
of Porter Bros. It was revealed that they had not
been content to be diligent in their business, but
had gone outside of it, to speculate in other lines
of trade, and so they went like General Coxey and
cannot stand before kings.
It is probable that if thrift and diligence were made
the rule of life by men who must work out their own
independence and abstention from outside specula
tion were their rule after their period of indepen
dence began, there would be less complaints of in
sufficiency of wages and fewer established businesses
in the hands of receivers.
One thing is sure, the man wl.o deliberately adopts
labor as a profession, never trying and never expect
ing to getbeyend the condition of a wage worker,
is a man destined to dependence all his days and to
stand before mean men
THE old and solemn book in which is the wis
dom of man and the philosophy of life for all
races and for all time says: "Seest thou a man
diligent in his business? he shall stand before kings;
he shall not stand before mean men."
As a rule diligence means success, and success in
dependence. In reading the testimony given by the
street-car men in this city one is struck by the num
ber of them who have followed a variety of occupa
tions. They have been farmers, mechanics, photog
raphers, lawyers, doctors and preachers. Some were
sailors, soldiers, stock raisers and speculators. Every
calling is represented in the list, and all of them say
that out of their other occupations they had saved
nothing and had nothing ahead when they entered
the service of the corporation for which they now
work. They all answer, when questioned on that
point, that their present wages make a better steady
income than they ever enjoyed before, and the super
intendent of the street railroads says that they have
a long and lengthening waiting list of applicants for
places in the same employment, which those who
now hold it say yields a wage insufficient for their
support.
One feature is very interesting. A majority of the
witnesses are single men, and "these testify that on
their wage of $2 50 to $2 75 per day they can save
no money. So, also, the married men with no child
ren complain that there is no margin for saving any
thing, and those with two children tell the same story
as the man with eight, though he bravely declared
that he was able to make ends meet by his wife doing
the mending and his cobbling the shoes. Now if a
man with eight children and a wife can make ends
meet the single man would seem to be able on the
same wage to save something against the getting of
a wife and the arrival of children. Perhaps if more
of the single men foresaw the time when ten people
would be supported and ends met on the wage they
get with only themselves to care for, they would be
diligent in their business and put by something on
interest or in prudent investment If this were done
persistently and thriftily it may be that the railroad
company would not have as large a waiting list com
poseaof those who cannot do as well in any other
employment.
PLANS PREPARED BY CITY ENGINEER FOR NEW SCHOOL. BUILD
INGS WHICH WILL BE ERECTED PROVIDED THE CITIZENS OF
SAN FRANCISCO FAVOR THE BOND ISSUE.
LACK OF WORLDLY WISDOM
Baron Hocker von Schwartzenfeldt,
who was recently relieved as German
Charge d* Affaires In the city of Guate
mala, and German Consul Henry Payen
of the same place arrived from Central
America yesterday and are registered at
the Palace. They are on their way to
Germany.
Advices received by steamer from the
south yesterday were to the effect that
lime. Algerie Regina Barrios, widow of
Guatemala's late President, boarded the
vessel at Panama and was a passenger
as far as San Jose de Guatemala. She
was returning to her old home from
Paris, where she resided several years
after her visit to this country and her
failure to arrange for a theatrical en
gagement in New York.
"Walter James, superintendent of an ir
rigation company at Bakersfleld, is a
guest at the Occidental.
Dr. W. S. Taylor of Llvermore is spend
ing a few days in the city and is stop
ping at the Palace.
S. L. Aggers, a member of one of the
leading produce firms of Seattle, Is reg
istered at the Russ.
Patrick Clark, a millionaire mining man
of Spokane, and family are registered at
the Palace.
E. Hockmeyer, a wealthy young coffee
planter of Northern Guatemala, Is at the
Palace.
J. A. Neu, a business man of Fresno,
ia among the latest arrivals at the Occi
dental.
< H. F. Slewald, a mining man and mer
chant of White Horse, Alaska, Is at the
Russ.
Dr. J* S. Hill of Plttsburg is at the
Occidental.
C. F. Schmidt, a merchant of Orland,
ia at the Grand.
WJ P. Johnson, a druggist of Los Ga
tos, Is at the Grand.
J. Grover. a hardware merchant of Co
lusa, is at the Grand.
M. J. Nightingale, a merchant of Oak
dale. Is at the Palace.
J. E. McCaffey, a merchant of Paso
Robles, is at the Russ.
H. Boynton, a lumber merchant of Sui
8un, is stopping at the Occidental.
H. Mallock, superintendent of the
Marysville Woolen Mills, is at the Grand.
PERSONAL MENTION.
A CONSIDERABLE number of Southern
sociologists have been discussing with more
or less pessimism the migration of white men
from the South to the Northern and the Western
States. The migration is large enough to constitute
«i serious drain upon the country -and the effect is
the more hurtful because those who migrate are in
many instances members of the most progressive and
enterprising element of the population. Those who
take a gloomy view of this white migration believe
that it will leave the South at last in the hands of
a white race too weak numerically and industrially
to bear the burden of the black race with patience
and success.
Of the serious extent of the migration there can
be no doubt. The census of 1900 shows that in that
year upward of 1,500,000 white "persons of Southern
birth were living in the Northern and Western States,
while only 750,000 persons from the North and West
were living in the South. Moreover the South had
only 350,000 persons of foreign nativity within her
confines at that time. Thus the South had lost a
balance of about 400,000 of her white people by the
migration. Of course a sparsely settled country like
the Southern States cannot lose so large a percent
age of its more intelligent population without suf
fering, and Southern thinkers are wondering how
the migration can be checked and what will happen
if it continue in the future as in the past.
The evil is probably not so bad as th« Southerners
deem it. The South has no large cities, and, as a
consequence, men who prefer a metropolitan life
must of necessity leave those States. Secondly, she
has had in times past hardly more than a single in
dustry, and men not content to be planters or pro
fessional men have had to go North or West in.
search of a field suitable to their talents or their
tastes. Those conditions are rapidly changing.
.There is indeed no city in the South so located from
a commercial point of view as to justify any expec
tation that it will ever be a metropolis like the larger
cities of the North and West, but the development
of manufacturing industries gives assurance that
there will be in the South many considerable indus
trial centers capable of not only holding their own
youth, but of attracting immigrants from other
States. The percentage of migration is therefore
likely to be much smaller in the immediate future
than in the past; and it is not improbable that at a
future not very remote, the balance of migration may
turn the other way and show in the South a number
of white immigrants in excess of, the number of
white Southerners who, have gone elsewhere.
The extent of the recent industrialprogress of the
South was recently summed up by the statement:
"Between 1880 and 1900 the value of Southern farm
property increased by 72- per cent, against 62 per
cent for the whole Union; of farm products nearly
100 per cent, though the increase in population was
only 44. per cent. Its capital invested in manufac
turing increased 348 per cent, against a gain for the
whole Union of 252 per cent, and the value of the
manufactured products 219 per cent, against only
142 for the whole Union. From a production of
397,000 tons of pig iron in 1880 the South had in
creased to more than 3,000,000 tons in 1902; from
6,000,000 tons of coal in 1880 to 60,000,000 in 1902."
With progress like that going on the young South
erner will soon find work and wages enough at home
to render him content and he will not have to wan
der off in search of employment or of a career. There
is in fact no justification for the gloomy views which
some persons are taking of the white migration from
the South. We are a migratory people. Young
men are leaving Massachusetts and New York as well
as Georgia and Virginia. In the fullness of time,
when the population becomes settled, there will be
no section of the Union that will not have within
its confines a population sufficiently numerous and
sufficiently strong to develop its resources and as
sure its civilization.
A SOUTHERN PROBLEM.
©be -t^^g^g Sball,
SATURDAY JULY 11, i<P3
— 1
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
ft tret* All Communications to W. S. LEA^E. Manager.
TELEPHONE.
**k for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
rim.lCATlON OFFICE... Market and Third. ». F.
tOlTOIUAL, BOOMS 217 to 221 Sterenao* St.
Delivered by Carriers, 2O Cts. Per Week. 75 Cts.
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Term* by Mali. Including Po«t**e (C*«h With Order?:
DAU/T CALX. (Including Eunfity). one year »H.OO
UA.1LY CALL, (lccJudloc Sunday). « month* 4.OO
UAILT CALL— By Slnjrl« Month 7Be
HXDAT CALL. On* Te»r 2J«
WF.FKIT CALL. Om Te*r...' »-«°
f Dally... f8.SO P«r Tear Extra
rCREIC:; POSTAGE Eusday.. 4.15 J>er Tear Extra
t Weekly.. J.OO P«r Tear Extra
All Postmasters are authorised to reeelr*
• ol»»crlption«.
ftaapl* eoplca will b* forwarded when relocated,
M*U rabaciibera la crtierlnc chars* of address should b«
earttcttlar to rive tooth NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to lature a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICB.
1118 Broadway Telephone Main* 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE. ! W
S14S Center Street Telephone Xortk 77
C. GEORGC KROGAESS. Manager Foreign Adrer
tUlnff, Marqaette llalldlnc, Chicago.
(Lone Distance Telephone "Central 2618.")
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
HOUTO.V E. CIlAMJ 14OU G Street, If. W.
JfEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN D. SMITH ...30 Tribune Building
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTOX Herald Square
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria. Hotel; A. Erentano, SI Union Pquare:
Hurray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ekermaa Boute; P. O. Newi Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Tremcct House; Auditorium Hotel; Palmer House.
BRANCn OFFICES— 527 Montromery. comer of Clay. cp*n
entll t:80 o'clock. 309 Hayes, epen until 9:30 o'clock. «S9
McAUIstrr. open until 8:SO o'clock. «I3 Larkln. open until
• SO o'clock. 1M1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2201
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 109fl V*.
kn<-U. open until 9 o'clock. 100 Eleventh, open ustll 9
c'clock. KW. corner Twenty-»«ccnd and Kentucky, open
csttl » o'deck. 2200 Fillmore. cpen until » o'clock.
i 0 SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIKG TOWN FOR THE SUMMER
Call subscribers eontetmtlailna- a rhangt of
residence daring the summer months can her*
their paper (omardrd by mail to their new
addresses by notifying The Call Business Office.
This paper will also be oa sale at all summer
r*M*«a «nd t. represented, ..r « local agent in
• tl t«nn« «n the coast.
. Our irrepressible and pugnacious friends the Ven
ezuelans have added another item of stupidity to
their record by seizing several American trading
boats. Some of these days they may have occasion
to look at the map of South America and find that
they are not on it.
Of course the affair was not perfect, for nothing
of the kind can be perfected on the first attempt.
A correspondent of the Republican in reviewing it
says: "Experience must be the teacher here as in
all ithings. We shall leave plenty of room in which
the small boy can have that joy on which he so much
counts, but for the hulking rowdy, who has hitherto
seized upon this day to invade the rights of society,
there will be a sharper and more thorough policy of
suppression. To him we owe the devilment which
has so wantonly distorted the day and made it so
far a national reproach instead of a blessing. Those
who love good order and peace and a rational cele
bration are in overwhelming majority against the
lawless element. The right of the majority has been
asserted this year beyond other years in Springfield,
and next year we shall do even better along the line
of civilization and good sense. Much remains to
be done. Why, in fact, should bedlam be let loose
on the streets of a city during so many hours of the
Fourth?" £
Springfield will have s better celebration next year
than this year because her people have started on the
road to reform. Experience will teach them how
to improve. Other cities however will be no better
off than before, because they have, not even started
to improve. It would be well therefore if we could
have a general following of the Springfield example.
When once begun progress will be steadily main
tained and by and by we, shall have a Fourth of
July to delight in and to be proud of, and the news
papers of the following day will be full of reports
of music, oratory, recreations and healthful games
instead of accidents, disasters, fires, injuries and
deaths.
t- v EVISED figures of Fourth of July casualties
|-r have been compiled by the Chicago Tribune
A \ for 197 cities and towns. They show that in
the celebration of the day in those localities 52 per
sons were killed and 3665 seriously injured. The
fire loss amounted to $400,625.
The list does not cover the whole country, but it
is sufficiently large to direct public attention to the
folly of continuing a form of celebration which, how
ever appropriate to the early days of the republic,
is no longer suitable to our time. With crowded
populations in large cities it is no longer possible
to indulge in a general license of fireworks and tjjy
pistol shooting with impunity. Stringent police
regulations have been enacted in almost every city
and town and yet it is impossible to have them thor
oughly enforced. Even where no regulation is vio
lated accidents happen and disasters follow. Bad as
is the list of this year it is by no means so bad as
many that have preceded it, o«- as some that are like
ly to follow unless a change be made in the method
of celebration.
A critic of the day has referred to the customary
form of celebrating the Fourth as "a brutal debauch
of noise and stench and fire and death." That of
course is an unfair statement, but nevertheless it
describes accurately enough a phase of the celebra
tion which cannot fail to strike every observer. It
is all well enough to speak of the licensed uproar
of snapping crackers and blazing rockets as an evi
dence of patriotic fervor and a riot of genuine Amer
icanism; the fact remains that to most people it is
meiely a day of noise and danger. So disagreeable
is it that thousands of people leave the cities for
the sake of getting rid of the celebration as if it were
a nuisance. Surely there is neither patriotism nor
reason in perpetuating a custom that has become so
obnoxious to so large a percentage of the people.
A reformation in the form of celebrating the great
day is perhaps not so impossible as appears at first
thought. It is true we cannot abolish the existing
method of observing the day unless we supply some
thing better to take its place, but American enter
prise and ingenuity will not find that an impossible
task. The growing esthetic sense of the people ren
ders it quite feasible to substitute some form of
pageant and parade accompanied by sports and
games that would be more agreeable to the general
mass of the people than the present custom of pop
ping fire crackers and. so far from driving city people
out of town, would have the effect of bringing out
siders to the cfty to share in the general holiday.
The feasibility of the plan appears to have been
demonstrated by what was accomplished on the re
cent Fourth of July in Springfield, Massachusetts.
In that city there has been organized a permanent
"Independence Day Association," and it has arranged
a celebration which is reported to have been the most
thoroughly enjoyable that city has ever known. The
day began with parades, some stately and some fan
tastic, that led the people out of town to the' parks,
where music, orations and games were provided to
hold them not only through the day but through the
evening. Nearly the whole body of the people ap
pears to have taken part in the public celebration,
and the general verdict was one of approval and com
mendation of the work and the programme of the
association.
THE GLORIOUS FOURTH
tions Hearst, nor does his name appear in their de
tailed reports o^ the convention. The Associated
Press report of the convention makes no mention of
his name having been heard. Assuming that the
Democratic press of Iowa would not fail to note the
"greatest demonstration of the day" at mention of
Mr. Hearst's, "inspiring personality," we are led to
the conclusion that he was not mentioned at all and
that his report of his high 'qualities in his own paper
is a hypodermic revery.
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 11, 1903.
CITY ENGINEER COMPLETES PLANS
FOR SPLENDID SCHOOL BUILDINGS
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and , public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau .(Allen's), 230 Cali-
6
i MOST AUDACIOUS BOOK OF THE YEAR :
| -^ The Spenders"^- 1
! | BY HARRY LEON VaSOK. 2
• This clever and extremely down-to-date story — a daring- study 4
I in contrast — the West against the East ¦
I ;. —begins in the— £j
1 1 NEXT SUNDAY CALLi j
* The Only Paper in America Giving Its Subscribers !*¦
! ABSOLUTELY FREE j
I Any or All of That Wonderful Series of Colored Art Masterpieces, *
| BRYSON'S BEAUTIFUL WOMEN I
{ Which Have Made the Artist World Famous. This Is Because £ry« *
I son Personally Superintends the Reproduction of AH |
J His Pictures by the Costliest and Most Eemark- «
I able Color Process Ever Invented. This Is *
1 Also the Beason That Most of Hi* E
j Pictures Are Known by Their g
> Cardinal Colors. 4
I Beginning NEXT SUNDAY, July 12 j
t You Will Get the Whole Series of Six in Bapid Succession. The B
{ First Will Be *
» «
| LOVE'S CONFIDENCE |TO ARRIVE.
Movement of Steamers.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Kort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty- five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the highest tide is the same at both places.
JULY 11, 1903.
Sun rises 4:55
Sun sets 7:34
Moon rises 8:20 p. m.
D Time Tlmel Time) ITlmej
£ Ft. 1 Ft. | f Ft. f Ft.
j> L W HWJ IL W| |H W|
11 6:271— O.2| l:50| 4.9| 6:28 3.1|
I H W L W H W L W
12 0:27! 5.0 6:50 0.0 2:20 4.9 7:13 8.0
13 1:08 4.7 7:»0 0.3| 2:48 4.8 8:02 2.»
14 1:50 4.6 8:06 0.6 3:19 5.0 8:57 2.6
15 »:38, 4.2 8:45 1.0 3:50 5.1 9:58 2.3
16 3:40 3.0 9:30 1.5 4:25 6.1 10:491 1.9
17 4:49] &7il0:H> 1.0 5:06 6.3 11:53 1.1
18 6:13[ 3.7|11:15| 2.2| 6:49| 5.5|
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tide*
the early moraine tides are Riven In the leH
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column Rives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign. precedes the heights, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The Diane of reference Is the
mean of the lower low waters.
Steamer. From. I Due.
Despatch..... Redondo July 11
Acme Sluslaw River July 11
Redondo San Pedro July 11
S. Portland... San Pedro I July 11
San Pedro.... San Pedro IJuly 11
Chico Coqullle River IJuly 11
Phoenix Mendocino A Pt. ArenalJuly 11
Eurrka Humboldt IJuly 11
tjuten Pu*et Sound Ports. ..(July 11
Rival Willapa Harbor July 12
Mlneola...... Tacoma July 12
Doric China & Japan July 12
Kdlth Seattle July 13
R. Dollar San Pedro July 13
G. Lindauer.. Grays Harbor IJuly 13
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts.jjuly 13
Argo Eel River Ports IJuly 13
Pomona Humboldt IJuly 13
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. July 13
Barracouta. . . Acapulco July 14
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria July 14
Coronado Grays Harbor July 14
City Sydney. . New York via Panama. July 19
Corona Humboldt I July IS
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom July 16
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pts. July 16
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. July 1«
CltyPuebla... Puget Sound Port* July la
Point Arena.. Point Arena |July 17
Santa Crut... Newport & Way Ports.. | July 17
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. IJuly IS
North Fork... Humboldt IJuly 18
Santa Monica Grays Harbor IJuly 10
Silesia Hamburg & Way Pta. .| July 19
Columbia Portland & Astoria IJuly 19
Lothian Hongk'g via ManzanlllalJuly 21
N. Maru China & Japan IJuly 21
Alameda Honolulu July 21
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports July 21
Herodot Seattle July 21
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. I Pier.
JnlT 11. I
Arcata Coos B. A PtOrford 4 pm|Pler 13
Lakme Humboldt 10 amIPIer, 3
Aberdeen.. Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pm Pier 16
Iaqua Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
Montara Seattle direct 2 pm Pier 27
San Pedro. . Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
Samoa Los Angeles Ports. 9 am Pier 2
Chehalls.... Grays Harbor 3 pm Pier 2
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier 10
St. Paul.... Nome & St. Michael 2 pm 3.W. 2
San Juan... N. T. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
July 12.
8. Rosa San Diego & Way. 9 .am Pier 19
S. Crus Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier 19
North Fork. Humboldt. 9 am Pier 2
Corona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 19
Columbia... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
J. Dollar. . . Seattle & Tacoma. . 10 am Pier 2
July 13.
R. Dollar... Astoria & Portlandl 5 pm Pier 2
Phoenix.... Pt. Arena-Mend'co 1 pmfpier 13
Eureka Humboldt 12 mlPier 13
Pt. Arena... Point Arena- 4 pmjPier 2
July 14. : |
Centralla... Graye Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Chlco Coqullle River 6 pm Pier 2
Jnly IB.
Rival Willapa Harbor.... 4 pm Pier 2
S. Portland. Seattle & Tacoma Pier
Pomona.... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 19
Argo Eel River Porto .... 4 pm Pier 2
Peking China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 27
July 10.
State of Cal. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 19
Sonoma Sydney & Way.... 2 pm Pier 7
Coos Bay... San Pedro A Way. 9 am Pier 19
July 17.
G. Llndauer. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
G.W.Elder.. Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
Coronado... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
July 18.
Colon.. N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
July 20.
CltyPuebla. Puget- Sound Pts.. 11 am Pier 27
I Jnly 21.
Lothian.... ] China and Japan pier —
Alliance.... Eureka A Coos Bay 6 pm Pier 10
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. Sails.
Tamplco Nome A St. Michael.., July 12
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports. July 13
City Seattle... Skagway & Way Ports. July 14
Dirigo Skagway & Way Ports. July 18
Meteor Nome & St. Michael... July IS
Conemaugh... Nome & St. Michael... July 13
Ai-Kl • Skagway & Way Ports. July l«
Santa Ana Cooks Inlet St Way Pta July 16
City Topeka.. Skagway & Way Ports. I July 18
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. (July 10
Eureka. ...... Nome I July 20
Spokane... .. Skagway & Way Ports. July 21
Cottage City. . Skagway A Way Ports. i July 22
Oregon. Nome .......[July 28
Thrt Koprnos liner Denderah arrived yes
terdajr from Hamburg and half a doren South
and Central American port*. She brought 20
passengers and 3120 tons of cargo. The pas-
Denderah Arrives.
The Pacific Mall Company's steamship Co
lon, which arrived yesterday from Panama
¦nd way ports, broujrht from San Bias Captain
Rosenrren and the crew of the schooner Mag
gie C. Russ. m-hlch vesrel went aFhore at that
port on June 11 and became practically a total
loss. The Russ left here May 5 and the nlsrht
shw went on the beach was anchored oft San
Bias well inshore. Her anchors failed to hold
when a strong g-ale came in from seaward, and
the vessel was driven h!ph and dry. She was
(oM tn San Plas for $K»OO. Mexican money.
The Colon brought only three cabin passen
ger* G. F. Guy. Mrs. J. E. Lucy and O. M.
West. She brought 1392 tons of cargo and
treasure valued at $1000.
Brings Shipwrecked Crew.
A Cargo for Marshall Islands.
The German schooner Nentun was cleared
yesterday for Jalult. Marshall Islands, with an
assorted cargo, valued at $850!), and including
the following: 800 cs flour, 76,641 ft lumber,
208 cals 6 cs wine, 15 tons plgiron. 65 drums
distillate. 21 bales twine. 8 drums naphtha. 29
pkgs mlllwork, 0 pkgs machinery, 50 cs sal
mon, C75 cs assorted canned goods, 20 pkgs
Ueutenant Moyson, who was Injured In a
tally-ho accident at San Diego. Is still con
fined to a hospital at that port. lie will Join
the Protet before she leaves here.
She is commanded by Commodore Adigard,
who was visited yesterday by many of the
army and navy officers stationed In San
Francisco. Her officers are: Second Officer
Prat. Staff Officer Davelul. lieutenants Cadle
and Frot, Junior Lieutenants Vinsot and
Chouroude. Ensigns Vincent. Sable. Sabatier,
Le Portue. Vivien and Petit. Paymaster Du
corp*. Engineers Thevernot, Dubout, Vallon
and Brunei.
The Protet Is one of the finest boats of her
type ever In this harbor. She has a wicked
looking ram with an almost razor edge and
although not a new vessel, can still develop
a speed of more, than 20 knots. She Is copper
•heatbed and carries a large crew.
She will remain here until August 15. when
•he goes to Esquimau. During her etay here
visitors will be allowed on board every after
noon from 1 to IS o'clock.
The French cruiser Protet came Into port
yeeterday after a leisurely run of two days
from San Diego. Since she was last here she
has been In Australia and has done -some ex
tensive cruising among the French possessions
In the South sea«, making Tahiti her head
quarters. She Is anchored off Folsom street
this time, having found her old anchorage
off Clay street too much exposed. During her
last stay In port, while anchored off Clay
street, during an unusually fresh afternoon
breete. her steam cutter waa swamped and
sunk and recovered later at considerable ex
pense.
Cruiser Protet in Port
The steamer Curacao, which sailed on Thurs
day for Guaymas, carried a general merchan
dise, cargo consigned to the port of destination
and the principal way ports, valued at $44,085.
The leading exports were 88 follows: 4S(i:{ gals
22 cs wine, 65S0 lbs bread, 8685 lbs cheese,
0131 lbs SDlces. 70 pkgs groceries and pro
visions, 778 pkgs paste. 292 pkgs potatoes, 341
cm assrted canned Roods, C5 cs mineral water,
78.000 lbs rice, 120 pkgs fresh fruit, 12 cs
canned salmon, 1208 lbs nuts, 1732 lbs raisins,
62R2 lbs dried fruit, 1M3 lbs codfish. 10,000 lbs
bran, 15S0 lbs malt, 1721 lbs 8 ca mlllatuffs,
l.Vis lbs ham and bacon, 623 lbs butter. 558 lbs
hops, 10.200 lbs cooca and chocolate. 2708 lbs
sago. 2377 lbs tea. 4C5 gals 80 cs whisky, 5 c«
brandy. 24 pkgg drugs, 20 pkgs dry goods, 240
pkgs nails. 34 pigs tin, 22 pigs lead, 217 pkgs
paints and oils, 171 bales paper, S pkgs leather,
22.C39 lbs bluestone. 017 lbs tallow, 12,186 lbs
grease, 2208 ft lumber, 2M bdls snooks. 24,050
lbs sulphur. 43 pkgs, rope, 5 bales twine. 60
flasks quicksilver. 26 pkgs electrical supplies,
3'S pkgs agricultural implements. 38 cs fus?,
314 pes 0 pkgs boiler tubes, 05S2 lbs soda. M
pkgs machinery. 60 boles bags. ."<> bdls 33 bars
eteel, 12 bars iron, 50- pkgs tank material.
Merchandise for Mexico.
The steamer Marlposa sailed yesterday for
Tahiti with an assorted merchandise cargo,
valued at $35,167. and Including the follow
ing: 2206 bbls flour. 38,414 lbs 50 cs bread.
12.6S7 lbs EUgar, 2A.426 lbs rice, 233 cs canned
goods, 5342 lbs beans, 78 cts potatoes and on
ions, W.i lbs cheese, 15 cs eggs, 2185 lbs coffee,
8 pkgs paste, 5000 gals wine, 301 pkgs groceries
and provisions, 31« cs 5 bbls salmon, 4540 lbs
fait. 4031 lbs lard. Kill pkgs fresh fruits. 19
pkgs . tresb vegetables, 450 lbs peas, 255 ctls
barley. 58 ctls wheat. 8567 lbs bran, 15 csks
beer, 650 lbs millstuffs. 31 pkgs drugs, 144
pkgs dry goods, 175 bxs soap, 14 cs coal oil, 22
pkgs paints and 'oils, 125 pkgs vehicles, 36 pkgs
sewing machines, DO pkgs mlllwork, 5 cs boots
and shoes, 24 pkgs furniture, 32 pkgs paper, 87
colls rope, 26 pkgs bicycles and sundries, 12
pkgs wire, 14 bales twine, 56 pkgs nails, 7
pkgs machinery, 28,122 ft lumber, 720 bdla
¦books.
»
The Mariposa's Cargo.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The French bark Alice was chartered prior
to arrival for to Europe at 21s 3d.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
French Steamship Ashore.
The French steamship Aube. from Santa
Rosalia for Buenos Ayres, Is reported ashore
on Ortiz bank. Assistance has been sent from
Montevideo.
The British ship Marechal Suchet, which
was on the overdue list at 8 per cent, arrived
yesterday at Melbourne. The rate on the
French bark Edouard Detallle was reduced
from 10 to 7 per cent.
The Overdue List.
The Swedish bark Alfhild. which arrived
yesterday 159 days from South Shields, re
ports having encountered summer weather all
the way around Cape Horn. ;
Fine Weather at Cape Horn.
Broke Into a Cigar Store.
Thomas Toomey was booked at the
City Prison yesterday by Policeman
Keyes and Detectives Regan and O'Con
neH on a charge of burglary. He is ac
cused of breaking into the cigar store of
Charles Dodge, 116 Leidesdorff street, last
Tuesday morning and carrying away
about J75 worth of cigars and cigarettes.
Most of the stolen property was recov
ered.
Uses a Knife on King.
Acigiel Pablo was held to answer be
fore the Superior Court by Police Judge
Conlan yesterday on a charge of assault
with a deadly weapon In 5500 bonds. On
June 23 he had a dispute at Stockton
street and Broadway with Joe King and
cut him on the arm with a knife.
The Pacific Mail Company's steamship Colon
was struck by lightning on the night of June
20 while off the coast of Costa Rica. The dam
ape was confined to the foretopgallant mast,
which was splintered Into many pieces. The
Colon reports that the Costa Rlcan gunboat
Cariari, supposed to have been lost, reached
Puma Arenas on June 11.
Struck by Lightning.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Friday, July 10.
Stmr Point Arena, Miller, 15 hours from
Mendocino, via Point Arena 12 hours.
Stmr Centralla, Ericsson, 64 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Coqullle River, Dart. 60 hours from
San Pedro.
Stmr Corona, Johnson, 20 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Colon, Irvine, 28 days from Panama,
via Mazatlan 5 days in '4 hours. ,
Stmr Marshfield, Dettmers, 23 hours from
Needle Rock.
U S etmr Thomas, Buford, 27 days from
Manila, via Nagasaki 20 days.
Fr war stmr Protet, Adteard, 2 days from
San Diego.
Ger stmr Denderah, Von Bergen, 115 days
from Hamburc, via Ocos 11 days.
Swedish bark Alfhlld, Svenson, 159 days
from South Shields.
Schr Fannie Adele, Sarrins, 7 days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Ida McKay, Lethola, 3 days from Eu
reka.
Schr Jennie Thelln, Bauer, 6 days from
Grays Harbor.
CLEARED.
Friday, July 10.
Stmr Marlposa, Itennle, Tahiti; J D Spreck
els & Bros Co.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, San Diego; Pa
cific Coast SteamphlD Co.
Stmr Umatilla. Nopander, Victoria and Port
8own«end; Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Stmr Nebraskan, Greene. Honolulu, via Se
attle and Tacoma; Williams, Dnmond & Co.
i Ger schr Neptun, Stengel, Jalult; Williams,
& Co. • ¦ ' '
SAILED.
Friday, July 10.
Stmr Marlposa, Rennle, Tahiti.
Stmr Umatilla, Nopander, Victoria and way
ports.
. Stmr Signal, Bendegard. Coos Bay.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, Coos Bay.
Stmr Glcsy. Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Nebraskan, Greene. Honolulu, via Se
attle and Taooma.
Stmr Coqullle River. Dart, Tillamook.
Stmr Gualala. Johnson. Black Point..
Br stmr Wyefleld. Watson, Nanalmo.
Barge Santa Paula, Nielsen, Ventura, In tow
tug Rescue.
Schr Bessie K, Merriam, San Vicente Land
ing.
Schr Ida A. Campbell. Point Reyes.
Schr Mary Buhne, Dannevlg, .Eureka.
SPOKEN. ,
June 21. lat 1 S, .Ion 31 W, Br «hlp Monk
barns, from Liverpool, for San Francisco.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, July 10. 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind SW, velocity 16 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GRAYS HARBOR — Sailed July 8 — Schr W J
Patterson, for San Pedro.
Arrived July 10 — Stmr Newburg, hence July
C; Fchr Comet, from Santa Barbara.
Sailed July U> — Stmr G C Llndauer, for San
Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived July 10— Schr En
deavor, from Grays Harbor.
Sailed July 10— Schr Chas E Falk, for Grays
Harbor; brig Tanner, for Seattle.
SEATTLE— Sailed July 10— Stmr Nome City,
for Valdez.
Arrived July 10— Stmr City of Seattle, from
Bkagway.
FOKT BRAGG— Sailed July 10— Stmr Brook
lyn, for San Francisco. •
MENDOCINO— Sailed July 10— Stmr Phoe
nix, for San Francisco.
CASPAR— Sailed July 10— Stmr Samoa, for
San Pedro.
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed July 10— Stmr
State of California, for San Dilgo; stmr Coos
Bay, for San Pedro.
UMPQUA — Arrived July 6— Schr Lucy, from
San Pedro.
EUREKA — Arrived July 10— Stmr Pomona,
hence July 9.
Sailed July 10 — Etmr Eureka, for San Fran
cisco; fitmr Alliance, for Portland; Br bark
Largo Law, for United Kingdom.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived July 10—
Stmr Despatch, from Redondb.
Sailed July 10— Bktn Katie Flickinger, for
Columbia River.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed July 10— Ship
Balclutha, from Oyster Harbor, for Karluk;
U S stmr Hugh McCulloch, for Alaska.
PORT GAMBLE — Arrived July 10— Schr
Okanogan, from Port Blakeley.
NAKNEK— Arrived prior to June 1— Bark B
P Cheney, hence April 24; ship Oriental, hence
April 23.
WHATCOM— Arrived July 10— Stmr Rainier,
from Everett.
TATOOSH— Passed July 10— Bark St James,
from Port Gairible, for Port Plrle; bark S D
Carleton, from Port Gamble, for Sydney.
Passed In July 10 — Schr E K Wood, hence
June 27, for Falrhaven.
Passed out July 10 — Bktn Chas F Crocker,
for San Pedro.
WESTPORT— Sailed July 10— Stmr Ruth, for
San Francisco.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed July 10— Stmr
Santa Cruz, for San Francisco.
GUALALA— Sailed July 10— Schr Newark,
for San Francisco.
ASTORIA — Sailed July 10 — Br stmr Indra
pura, for Hongkong.
Arrived July 10— Schr John A, hence Jne 25.
ISLAND PORT.
HONOLULU— Arrived July 9— Schr S T
Alexander, from Newcastle, Aus; stmr Ne
vadan. from Kahulul; schr Mildred, from Bal
lard. July JO — Stmr Alameda. hence July 4.
Sailed July 10— Schr Gamble, for Port Gam
ble.
EASTERN PORTS.
REEDY ISLAND — Passed down July 9 —
Bark Foohng Suey, for Honolulu.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Arrived July
0— Ship Kenllworth, from Honolulu.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VICTORIA — Arrived July 9— Nor etmr Hero
hence July 4. for Lndysmith.
HONGKONG— Arrived July 7— Br stmr Tar
tar, from Vancouver.
TSINTAU — Arrived July 9 — Schr El Dorado,
from Portland, Or.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 10— Stmr Island,
from Copenhagen; stmr Sylvanla, from Liver
pool.
Sailed July 10— Stmr Arabic, for Liverpool.
MOVILLE— Sailed July 10— Stmr Ionian, for
Montreal, from Liverpool.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed July 10— Stmr Blu
cher. from Hamburg, for New York, via Cher
bourg.
LIZARD— Passed July 10— Stmr Soestyd.
from Newport News, for Amsterdam and Rot
terdam.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived July 10— Stmr
Commonwealth, from Boston, for Liverpool,
and proceeded.
GLASGOW— Sailed July 10— Stmr Siberian,
for St Johns, N F, and Philadelphia.
NAPLES— Arrived July 7— Stmr Lombardia,
from New York. • :¦,.
GENOA— Arrived July 7— Stmr Sardegna,
from Cadiz.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrotraphic Office. U. S. N., Mer-
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Marlposa
sailed yesterday for Tahiti. She carried a
large cargo and among her passengers were,
the following named: G. L. Kennedy, Ed
Poullarlen. Louis Reyer. Loo Pun and wife,
Mrs. Josle • Nichol. Mrs. Robinson and two
sons. F. M. McDanieU. Mr. Goupil. Miss Gou
pil. Mrs. and Miss Lagomarsino and G. T.
Wright.
Sails for Tahiti.
Word was received at the Merchants' Ex
change yesterday that the captain's boat from
the wrecked German bark Edith had landed
safely at Norfolk Island. The Edith was
wrecked on a reef oft the New Caledonian
coast. The mate and eight men put off in one
boat and in another Captain Brtrtll and eleven
men. The mate's boat was picked up at sea
after drifting about for eight days. It was
feared that the captain's boat had been lost.
Captain of Edith Is Safe.
BLOOMIN-GTOX. III.. July lO.-The
moet sensational crime In the history of
Mason City, a town of 5000 people located
thirty xr.ilts southwest of Bloomir.gton.
R-a* committed at 9 o'clock this morning
by a Springfield man named Edward Bar
ion, who faiallj- shot Julius Frank and
Irving Rosenfield. leading merchants.
Barton formerly resided in Mason City
ard was a racetrack follower. He came
io M*son City last night and this morn
ing entered a clothing store to make some
purchase. Roser.field waited upon him,
but no words passed between them. Sud
denly Barton left him and walked to the
rear of the store, where Frank was oc
cupied, and without warning drew a re
rolrer and shot him through the lungs,
inflicting a wound which will be fatal.
Roser.field ran back to the assistance of
Ma partner and Barton then shot him in
the side and once through the arm. Bar
ton was taken in charge by the police
and removed to the county seat at Ha
vana just in time to escape a mob that
was being organized.
Rosenfield came to Mason City from
New York City five years ago and was
a tingle man. aged 42 years. Frank, had
lived in Mason City for twenty-five years
and was about the same age as Rosen
field. He was also single. Both men were
Hebrews.
Racetrack Tout Murders
Two Merchants of
Illinois Town.
CRACK FRENCH CRUISER '
WHICH ARRIVED YESTER
DAY FROM SAN DIEGO.
ser.gers were allowed to land but the steam
snip was ordered to quarantine for fumigation.
Her passengers Included Robert Balrd. wife and
nine^ children; Mrs. Cotton and two children,
T. Hourlgan. Baron E. Kracker von Schwart
zenfeldt. John Payens. W. Putzner. E. A.
Hockmeyer. E. Robin* and Edward En&le.
••£%& fv,,^ 11611 and two children. LJeuten
«nrt w? neI »? •< H Beck - G. G. Bailey
B^l P^ -a a H aJOr u H - S - Bi8h °P. Mrs. H. K.
S^ * £?,? dau K h^r. Mrs. E. B. Bryan and
t*™ , children. Captain B. F. Cbeatham. Ueu
tena.it UG.Caples. Lieutenant W. M. Cooley.
Mrs L. j. Carlock and three children W. T.
Copley. George E. Copley. L. I. Cooke. Captain
S- F. Dutton and wife. Lieutenant B. F.
Dlsque and wife, Mrs. W. J. Donahey, Lieu
tenant FM. Dsllck, Mrs. H. Enders and son.
*1« P. Eitelberg and four children. Miss
Marian Eastham. Captain L. J. Fleming and
wife. Lieutenant A. A. Fries and wife Mr«.
L. Forster. Lieutenant J. P. F. Gridlev Mrs.
F. W. Glover and child. Captain W \i"
Harts, wife and child: Captain H. M. Hallock
Captain L. R. Holbrook, Captain W.
A. Holbrook, Mrs. A. M. Hastings,
A\. O. Hawthorne. Mrs. E. W. Hastings Mrs.
M. T. Him. J. S. Hill. Mrs. G. P. Irwin,
Lieutenant G. W. Jean. Dr. F F. Koyle and
wife. Lieutenant G. R. Lukesh. Mrs B. K.
Luna. XV. II. T. Lopez, wife and three chil
dren. Captain H. F. McClure. Captain C. C.
McCulloch. Captain AmerlcuB Mitrhell Lieu
tenant J. I. McMullen and wife Lieutenant E
M Markham, Miss Dorothy Mangus, L T
Nathan. Paul Overton Major J. M T Par
tello. wife and two children: W. \V ' Paddock
C. P. Page, A. Patterson. Mrs. A. E Peck
Lieutenant W. M. Reno. Lieutenant M. C
Raysor and wife. Lieutenant G. B. Rodney'
Lieutenant R. P Rifenberick Mrs. W. B
Renseihausen. Lieutenant Colonel C B Sears
and wife. Major George O. Squier, Lieutenant
C. O. Sherrill. Lieutenant G. R. Somervllle.
Lieutenant R. K. Spiller. Mrs. B. B Swilling.
T. J. Schotfeldt and wife. Dr. F L R Teta
more and wife. S. H. Talks. R. S. Vans Ag
new. Lieutenant Colonel C. A. Williams
Lieutenant Colonel S. L. Woodward Lieuten
ant Colonel Frank West Captain H O Wll
liard. Lieutenant K. P. Williams. Lieutenant
A. Williams. Lieutenant W. F. Wheatlev.
Captain W. S. Wood. Lieutenant J. A. Wood
ruff. Mrs. J. F. Wade. Mrs. Samuel Wlllitts
and daughter. Mrs. W. II. Waldron Mrs Win
ters. Lieutenant J. K. E Young.
An otherwise perfect voyage was mar
red by the death on June 23 of the eight
months-old daughter of Mrs. W. 'B.
Renseilhausen. wife of an army lieuten
ant. The little body was brought home
for burial.
Following is a list of the cabin passen
gers:
Between the fine weather, the good
music and the hop the voyage of
the Thomas was one long social function
and Quartermaster Captain Baker
brought his passengers to port In first
class health and brimming over with good
spirits. There were four lieutenant col
onels among the passengers and they
were the ranking officers on board. They
were \V. H. Beck, C. B. Sears, C. A. Wil
liams and S. L. Woodward. Captain B.
F. Cheathsm, another passenger, is the
son of the Confederate general of that
name and was for a time colonel of the
Tennessee volunteers.
Among the soldier passengers were two
military bands, that of the Fifth Cavalry
and the band of the Sixth Artillery. Fine
weather was encountered throughout the
voyage and full advantage was taken of
the availability of good music. From 9
to 10 every morning one or other of the
bands and sometimes both gave a con
cert on the promenade deck and every
evening from 7:30 until 9:30 and on later
occasions there was dance music for all
who cared to make use of it.
decks swarming with enlisted men
and civilian Government employes. The
soldiers included several troops of the
Fifth Cavalry and 135 men of the engineer
corps. There were also 315 casuals and
111 sick.
THE United States army transport
Thomas arrived yesterday from
the Philippines with her cabins
crowded with passengers and her
potatoes, 10 cs champagne, 5 pkgs groceries
and provisions, 1 cs electrical supplies, 1 pkg
drugs, 1 pkg dry goods.
KILLS PARTNERS
IN COLD BLOOD
Arthur McCartney, a sporting man. fol
h »tr of the ccg races, was found dead
icstcrday morr.inj; In his room at 2434
-Minna street with u bullet wound in his
head about three inches above the left
ear. The bull<rt !:ad taken a downward
course, passing closely behind the eyes,
to the right. A revolver With one cham
ber dischargfo was near his left hand.
Owing to tiie unusal position of the
wound the case was placed in the hands
of Detective Cody. It was learned that
McCartney had lived in that house for
five years and that for the last eleven
jears he had supported himself by betting
en coursing matches. His intimate friend.
T. Burns, who lives in the same house,
informed the Coroner that about a week
ago McCartney became morose and began
drinking heavily, desiring, as he told
liurnF. to drink himself to death.
Deputy Coroner Fennell found* In the
clothing of «he dead man $23 in coin, some
jewelry and a certificate of deposit for
$3OJ from a bank in Portland, Or. This
fact is regarded as evidence that the de
ppondency of the decedent was not caused
by financial distress. McCartney lost $300
:n Joe Harvey's poolrooms in Sausalito
two weeks ago. but he took the loss light
ly, according to Burns' statement, be
cause he was then $3j00 "ahead of the
game."
Burns said he was not aware that Me
.Cartnev was left-handed. This is the pe
culiar feature of the case. Should it be
learned that McCartney was right-handed
the presumption of murder would be
strong, but Burns says McCartney at
tempted to shoot himself about a week
before and that he then threatened to kill
himself eventually.
McCartney was about 40 years of age,
ur.rcan-ied and has relatives in Ohio.
If Fact Is Proved That Hs
Was Right- Handed He
Was Murdered.
•*
Peculiar Wound in the
Head of Arthur
McCartney.
SPORTING MAN
SHOT TO DEATH
PASSENGERS ON TRANSPORT THOMAS
DANCE ALL THE WAY ACROSS PACIFIC
WLL BE SHOT
FOR THE THEFT
Burglar Must Die for
Robbing Pacific Mail
/ Company.
Loots Agency at Acapulco,
Is Captured and Makes
Confession. *
Burglary is a serious offense in any
clvllzed community, but when It occurs
In Central America and when the bur
glaree is a wealthy -steamship company
it becomes a capital crime, and only cold
lead ' can . properly vindicate the outrage.
This is the substance of the story brought
yesterday from Acapulco by the officers
of the Pacific Mail Steamship Company's
liner Colon.
The company's agency*at Acapulco on
the night of June 28 was burglarized. The
thief, after beating the watchman into
insensibility, broke open the safe and
stole the contents, about $400. Upbn re
covering consciousness ¦ the ..watchman
gave the alarm and soldiers were sent out
In search of the burglar. After hunting
all night he was captured about twenty
miles east of Acapulco, on the road to
the City of Mexico. A careful search of
his person revealed only $S9 in his pos
session. He v<as taken back to Acapulco,
however, and there admitted his guilt.
He was sentenced to be shot.
Cameras and Photographic Supplies.
Take a camera when you go for a va
cation or on a Dicnic. You will never
forget .the trip if you have good plates
and good films. All photographic supplies
of the best at Sanborn, Vail & Co.'s, 741
Market street. •
chants' KxchanKe, San Francisco. Cal.,
July 10. 1903.
The TJme Ball on the Terry building was
dropped exactly at noon to-day — 1. e.. at noon
of the 120th meridian, or at 8 p. m. Green
wich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 11, 1903.
7
':'_ AMUSEMENTS.
Ingleside
Coursing Park.
84 Open Stake
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY,
July II and 12
\ '
First Rundown on Saturday, beginning at
12 o'clock sharp. Sunday Coursing will beaia
at 11 sharp and continue till last winning
flag goes up. 5 •
Total Prizes, $660.
THOMAS TIERNEY, Judge.
EDWARD SHORSTAG. 8Upper.
HVQLJ8SSB.
THIS AFTERNOON AND EVENING AND
ALL NEXT WEEK.
The Comic Opera •.
WANG.
With Edwin Stevens in the Title Rolt.
The Great Special Engagement of
CAM1LLE D'ARVILLE
To Appear in
"THE HIGHWAYMAN"
Will Commence Monday Erening. July 2a
WATCH FOR IT.
POPULAR PRICES 23c 50c. I3o
Telephone Bush 9.
GRAND SS E u1£
A1ATINBB TO-DAY.
"FULL OF FUN FOR THE AUDIENCBS"
—CALL. .
SECOND WEEK.
TO-NIGHT— EVERY NIGHT—
EATMOND A2TB CAVEB1.T
And Our Superb Eastern Company In th* Fa-scU
nattng Musical Eccentricity.
In Central I
Park I
POPULAR PRICES 23c. COc and 73a
Seventh and Market Sts.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENINO.
POLITE VAUDEVILLE.
The Three Kuhns; Erafft and Daley;
Harry and George La E&la; Oeorga
W. Moore; George Clifton; Loa
Durbyelle; Marian George; Clinton
Montgomery and the Bioscope.
PRICES— Night. 25c. 20c, 15c, 10c; MatlMta,
20c and 10c
Phone for Seats— South 1023.
THE LUTZ BROTHERS and
HUh-Class Specialties Every Afternooa
and Evening In the Theater.
SEE THE BOHEMIAN GLASSBLOWER.
Inspect "CABARET DE LA MORT ""
VISIT THi:
Pound and One-Half Baby
AND HI3 COMPANIONS
IN THE INFANT INCUBATORS.
BABY SEA LION, RECENTLY BORN AT
THE CHUTES. NOW ON EXHIBITION?
ELECTRIC FOUNTAIN DISPLAY TO-NIGHT.
ADMISSION. 10c: CHILDREN, gc.
PahrP I D0NT FAIL T0
1 aiaWW , €e the beautiful
- COURT Lounjfing-
flfm room « the EMPIRE
CJUU PARLOR, the
gr j PALM ROOM, the
linififl LOUIS XV PAR-
uiaiiu L0R u<1 the LA .
U . | DIES' WRITING
Hotels rqq^
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
Tha most wonderful aphrodisiac and 3p*clal
Tonic for the Sexual Orttans. both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of th*
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
NABER. ALFS A BRUNE. Agents.
823 Market St.. 8. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
AMUSEMENTS.
ICAUFORNJA
TO-NIGHT, TO-MORROW S'IGHT.
America's Greatest Tragedienne,
MISS
NANCE O'NEIL
—IN
"The Jewess"
MATINEE TO-DAY— "MAGDA."
Monday— MISS O*NEIt. in "ROMEO
AND JULJET."
Coming — Nelll-Morosco Company.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY), July 11.
Parquet, any seat. 23c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, any part except reserved. 10c
MABEL McKINLEY,
Favorite Niece of the Late President
McXinley; Charles Dickson and
Company; Mosher, Hough ton and
Mosher; Young and De Vole;
Julian Hose and the Biograph.
Last Times of THE GREAT HARBECKS;
BARNEY FAGAN and HENRIETTA BYRON
and THE WANQ DOODLE COMEDY FOUR.
tf*m RIME31A SAJl FHAAtTSCB i
U#UIUUIV2££S*4 LEAO!.'.-Q iKEATRi
mATINBE TO-DftY!
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME.
AMELIA BINGHAM
In Clyde Fltch'a Brilliant Play.
"THE CLIMBERS."
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY.
First Time Here,
AMELIA BINGHAM
And Her Company in Haddon Chambers" Pow-
erful Play,
AModernMagdalen
MATINEES WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY.
CENTRALIE
Market St., near Eighth. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TWO NIGHTS.
MATINEES TO-DAY AND SUNDAY.
The Universal Favorite,
JAMES CORRIGAN
In the Great Sensational Melodrama,
KIDNAPED
CCC The lea P for llfe from Brooklyn Bridge.
uEC The thrilling conflagration scene.
DDtrCC Evenings 10c to 50c
rttlLLO Matinees 10c, 15c, 25c
MONDAY, JULY 13— JAMES CORRIGAN IN
•'MULDOON'S PICNIC."
ALCAZAR B Tfrgr
BuSj. Mgr.
ANOTHER GREAT SUCCESS
MAT. TO-DAY— LAST 3 TIMES.
Recall After Recall for
WHITE WHITTLESBY
¦ In the Splendid English Military Comedy,
BROTHER OFFICERS
Evgs., 25c to 75c; Mat., Thur*.&Sat. 15c to 50c.
NEXT MONDAY— An Artistic Revival of
THE PRISONER OF ZENDA.
With Superb Scenic Effects and MR. WIIIT-
TLESEY as RUDOLF.
"Twlrly Whirly*s" last nights— corns bid them
••good-by,"
For its Jokes are so good that they never get
dry.
But we beg to remind that we have it . de-
signed.
On Monday to offer quite th* best of Its kind.
|get seats quick|
"Under the Red Globe'
AND
"The IThree Musketeers"
(Combined Into One)
BASEBALL!
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.
RECREATION PARK.
-EIGHTH AND HARRISON
CHAMPIONSHIP GAMES.
THURSDAY AND FRIDAY. 3:30 P. M.; SAT-
URDAY. 3:00 P. M.
SUNDAY 2:30 P. M.
SACRAMENTO vs, SAN FRANCISCO
LADIES' DAYS THURSDAY AND FRIDAY.
Advance Sale. 5 Stockton fit.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
THAT AUDACIOUS STORY. "THE SPENDERS," NEXT SUNDAY CALL
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
A touch is enough for
cleanliness. That is why-
Pears' soap lasts so.
Pears' shaving" soap is
the best in all the world.
Established over too Tears.
$ visit DR. JORDAN'S great/}
*HUSEUH OF ANATOMY^
A Cj£ :ss:ir.fTmcT.tet.6:t«7a,s.r.ki. i
\ Cjf Tht I_aix«t A(utoic:aU Muktam in thr \
Q gmJ^Li^ M'orid. Weaknestet or any enntractrd g
* 9i5£?I «!•«»»• r»»'«l»»-lr*«r« > 4 hytke oldest T
(^S< ipeaaiiu on the Coast Lit. 36 year*. Q
I f3?*k CR * JORDAN-CISEASES OF MEN A
A l$^1 Cor«ult*tsoe frei and *tri<-tly r rir atc. \
¦ I J&*j/f! "'M'lr^l prnonaJ >• fr by I't'rr. A B
i 8 J llr I'ontnt Curt in ererjr caie uadertaii en. T
0 I ,7 \l9 u 'rite(orBnok.Pail.«<iapaY*ri
il II >*BIIUCI!, MAILED PKEE. (AJ
A (i /J valuable book for nro) a
V DB JOBDAM A «:O.. 1051 Market HL.K F. V
Jft Those suffering from weak-
r* nesses which sap the pleasures
" * * of life 6hould take Juren Pills.
>tt One bottle will tell a story of
marvelous result!.. This medicine has more
n-juronstinc ritalitine force than has ever
»<«»n of erea. .Sent br mail in plain package
.Made by K* originators C. L Hood Co.. pro
pnetors HoMs .Sartaparilla, ljowe',1 Mass.
: ¦ ADVEBTISEMEUT3.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIYER PILLS mast bear
Fac-simile Signature of x^^^^^L/-
>|iP||||pf BILIOUSNESS. teq ---._,
SICK HEADACHE. g-'l| 0 \ff b D
/SmB%X\ T0RPID LIVER - ilfa ¦ ** ~ "^
Jmln vA FURRED tongue. jpl _^_ . B -^
flffflj |&i Oi ill S H
(a uJ CQNST|p ATioN jjfel " *
SALLOW SKIN
Th. y touch *. LIVER HE: .
Genuine Wrapper Printed on [—-
RED PAPER BLACK LETTERS s££^^ 5&*Z>- 7
book for tb* Sltfaature rt^^^^^^^Z^g^Sport Has Become So Popu
lar That Players Find
Themselves Crowded Out
COMMISSIONERS
TO BUILD NEW
COURTSAT PARK
Twelve million pounds is the record loss
by fire for a year, in the British Isles. —
Maryhattyanao, an Arkansas postofflce
recently .discontinued ' for lack of busi
ness, was .named in honor of the three
daughters of its. first, last and only post
master, who - were called respectively
Mary/. Hatty and Anna.'
The Bay City Athletic, Club will hold
Its regular .monthly "amateur exhibition
Wednesday evening, July 15, at,Mechan
ics', Pavilion Annex. The main event will
be a return match between Billy McDon
ald and Ted Wolfte.V There are five other
bouts on,the card— Gus Koster .vs. James
Fox, Lew Powell vs. Jim Kane, Al El
kins vs.* \VVilllam Poners, Charles Taylor
vs, : Jack Hughes . and James Linegar vs.
Jimmy bempsey. ¦
Amateur BoxersHo Meet.
Refuses to Give Up Child.
Christopher and Kate Michaells grand
parents of little Richard Randhahn and
who hnve the little fellow in their' cus
tody and refuse to give him up to his
father and mother. Richard and Millie
Randhahn. because they say the parents
abused the child, were in Judse Muras
ky's court yesterday responding to a writ
of habeas corpus sworn out by Randhahn
and hia wife. The latter were in
and showed that they were ready to use
force to get the child, provided the court
found the charges to be true. They con
fined themselves to loud talkins how
ever, and left without coramittinc an
overt act as soon as Judge Murasky an
nounced that he would not hear the mer
lts of the case until to-day. Meantime
the grandparents retain the custody of
the boy.
The deer season' will open in this State
on July 15. .. The Country Club and* other
organizations' are preparing for the oc
casion. , Huntsmen are getting their guns
in; order, and, dogs are being trained for
the chase. Lovers of the sport are look
ing forward to some rare; fun. Many will
not take their annual' vacation until next
week in order to avail themselves' of the
privilege of landing a buck.
Huntsmen . Are Getting Ready to
- Enjoy Exciting Sport.
DEER SEASON DRAWS NEAR.
Large Catches Are Made in Ma^y
Trout Streams.
.Disciples of Izaak Walton are enjoying
success in the streams of the State. Fine
catches are being recorded and those who
have not already hied themselves to fish
ing pools are preparing to leave at the
first opportunity. Good fishing is to be
had on the lakes. Gilmour, Independence,
Webber and Fallen Leaf are giving up
large catches. Trout are running strong
In all these places. Lake Tahoe is still
a trifle rough and as soon as the waters
calm down good fishing is anticipated.
Fishing at Boca, on the Yuba, has been
exceptionally, good. The fish are running
from a half to four pounds.
Colonel Kelihor reports that he Is en
joying good fishing at Lamoine. v
J. H. P. Howard is spending his vaca
tion whipping the streams in the vicinity
of Castle Crag.
Jeff Wells and his partner, J. Fountain,
ire enjoying go^l fishing at Boca,
Salmon are running strong in Monterey
Hay and at Capitola. James Cbesley and
iVaJter Burlingame landed ten fish at
Capitola which weighed from three to
:en pounds #-ach.
Black bass is running in Russian River.
Some good baskets have been brought
tome by fishermen In the vicinity. •
Fishing is good at Big Meadows.
JJake Merritt Is giving up black bass
SUCCESSFUL. FISHERMEN.
In the San Francisco Turn Verein alone
there are 200 of the weaker, sex ranging
in age from 6 years to 50 undergoing ath
letic training. on systematic lines. They
are divided .into three classes, from 6 to
13 years, 14 to 19 and 20 and upward. The
g) T mnasium -is given over to ' them on
Wednesday and Saturday of each week,
the exercise Is graded to suit the age and
expertness of the members ~ by; Professor
Qoetz, who has charge of the classes.
Somo pupils show great skill. on the ap
paratus, performing feats requiring skill,
strength and, daring.,- '. • f?
The Verein Eintracht also includes a
women's section, some of the. members
of which distinguished •. themselves re
cently at. the .State - festival at . Shell
Mound Park. „ \ . V •
THE, turn vereins;or. athletic sections
of the German societies In this city
are not only building -up physically
the young men among their mem
bers, but are performing the same
beneficent service- for the young
women. • - . •..¦• ¦-., ' 1. :
A letter has been received from T. W.
Beakbane, secretary of the Burns Valley
Cricket Club, in which he expresses the
regret of the Lower Lake cricketers that
it was found impossible to get together a
team to go to Lake County during the
Independence day vacations. Cricket is
dull this year at Lower Lake, for the
Lakeport club having ceased to play, the
Burns Valley cricketers have no antago
nists and find It hard to maintain the in
terest in the game. It is hoped that the
Lake County clqbs may revive next sea
son, as they have for many years been
lovers of the game and good supporters
of the California Cricket Association.
The members of Lord Ha wke's eleven
which played a match against an eighteen
of local crickftters in November of last
year, are now with the exception of T.
L. Taylor, back in England,- playing the'
good old game vigorously. F. L. Fane is
playing for Essex County, and in a match
against Sussex last month went In first
and scored. 25 runs on a dead wicket. • P.
R. Jobnson Is playing for Somersetshire,
Hargreave the professional for Warwick
shire, C. J. Burnup for Kent, E. M. Dow
son for Cambridge University, P. F.,War
ner and B. J. T. Bosanquet for Middle
sex. C. F. Burnup is captain of the Kent
County team and recently In a match
against Worcestershire scored 63 runs'. P.
F. Warner Is captain of the Middlesex,
team, E. M. Dowson of the Cambridge
University eleven and C. J/ Burnup of the"
Kent team.
The representatives of the Pacific Club
will be chosen from the following: H.
C. Casidy, A. W. Wilding, W. Petherick,
F. A. Bennlon, J. J. .Theobald, Dr. O N.
Taylor, C. C. Y. Williamson. E. II. M.
Lannowe, W. G. Fortmann, E. T. Lang
dale and H. G. Macartney or W. Jamie
son.
the third time during the • present
season. The Alameda team will be
selected from the following: F. J. Croll,
G. Harold Ward, W; J. Rlchter, J. H.
Saunders, F. A. Stahl, B. Bird, R. Ham
ilton, C. Banner, F. S. Price, A. E. Ack
lom, H. W. Brown, J. U. Bird and J.
French.
ON the ground at Webster street, Ala
meda, to-morrow the Alameda and
Pacific Cricket elevens will meet for
Keen Contest Is Expected,
as the Teams Are About
Equally Strong in Game
Old Rivals of tha Cricket
Field Try Strength for
Third Time This Season
ALAMEDA ELEVEN
TO MEET PACIFIC
IN PENNANT GAME
: Ex-Chnmplon George Whitney, who
was dangerously 111 with heart trouble
and nervous prostration, is traveling In
Europe for his health. Mr. Whitney is
regaining his strength rapidly and will
possibly, be able to play again in a cou
ple, of vears. He will never figure in
tournament play again, however.
In, the tournament held at San Rafael
last week R.N. Whitney surprised both
players and onlookers , by- the strong
game he put up. He was in rare form
and it was a. pity he could nqt have met
Smith in the finals. The last named was
playing the came of his life last Satur
day and the match would have been an
Interesting one. -• , , :¦"; «**> '., 1 -:- ; ¦
An interesting mixed doubles, tourna
ment will be played , next Saturday at
San Rf.afel. The event is In honor of
Miss Sarah Coffin, the Newport champion,
who Is on a visit to the coast. Ten of
tho leadinir lady players have invited ten
of the gentlemen players to, participate
with them in the tournament. Two hand
some'silver loving cups will [uZ competed
for. :
The nearest teams to them are Routh
and.Dunlap and the Hotchklss brothers,
who will play from scratch. 'Handicapped
as they are, Allen and Smith probably
will not make much headway. Griffin and
Janes, the clever "pony" team, with a
handicap of "one-half of 13," appear to
have an excellent chance of winning.
George Baker/ the University of Califor
nia expert, and Ri N. Whitney entered
the tournament with rather weak part
ners and consequently received good
handicaps.
The Hotchkiss brothers lead In the race
for the trophies, having two wins to their
credit. The cuds have been 'won onco
by Clinch and McKay, Routh and Dun
lap and Allen and Smith. Clinch and
McKay no longer play together and are
out of the race.. The Tlotehklss broth
ers and Smith and Allen have been asked
to eive much heavier odds, and conse
quently the cups are expected to go to
some new team..
Will Allen and Grant Smith, who had
an extremely hard time winning from
"one-half of 15" back of scratch last
tournament, will be set back to 15 below
scratch. ¦¦".:
¦ After a rest of six weeks the park play
ers will hold a handicap doubles tourna
ment for the challenge cuds to-morrow.
Twenty-one teams entered, and as the
new handlcapper is rather liberal the
matches will be closer than usual. i
When the new courts ' are completed
there will be five asphalt courts, and in
a short time it is expected the remaining
five will also be converted in asphalt.
The park can then boast of the greatest
collection of tennis courts west of Chi
cago. The success of tennis In the park
is undoubtedly due to the efforts of Reu
ben H. Lloyd, who first conceived the
idea of building public courts..
A delegation of park tennis players
waited upon the Park Commissioners yes
terday and urged the laying out of two
new asphalt courts. The Commissioners
favored the plan and work will be com
menced Immediately upon the new courts.
The site is the raised ground directly In
front of the . clubhouse. It is an ideal
spot for exhibition courts. Seats will be
erected on the sides, and it will be possi
ble to hold gome of the large tournamenls
on the public grounds.
EINTRACHT VEREIN MEMBERS
WHO CARRIED OFF HONORS IN
RECENT STATE TOURNAMENT.
Dr. C. Quinan and Dr. L. Hardesty are
preparing for a fishing trip through Men
docino County. They will be gone a
couple of weeks.
Dr. C. G. Levison and J.;B. Kenniff
are going, to the Truckee River next
week.
A. Sutro leaves* Saturday night for
Boca. ¦BGSbBBIM&SbMI
The sloop Pactolus. owned by ex-Com
modore A. M. Clay, Is for sale, with all
her equipment, nautical and domestic, as
her owner wishes to have a larger boat.
Her equipment Is unusually complete and
comprises every requisite for bay or
ocean cruising.
The protest filed by R. C. Davis of the
sloop Espy against C. E. Clark of the
yawl Gypsie for a violation of the rules
in the resailed race between the two
yachts was disallowed by the regatta
committee, and the flag in class C was
awarded to the yawl.
and smelt. Oakland fishermen have taken
the tip and are landing some beauties.
J. A. Parriser and C. B. Hollywood
caught seven large bass at Lake Merritt
last Saturday.
;QuIte a number of fish have been taken
from the estuary off Cotton Mill Point.
They are running from two to twelve
pounds and are being taken with a clam
bait.'*
Several boats of the California Yacht
Club fleet have been on the annual cruise
up the Sacramento River during the past
week, having started on the Fourth Im
mediately after the race for the Wallace
trophy. They went up Montezuma Slough
and the old Sacramento River, making
stops at Collinsvllle, Rio Vista, Isleton,
Walnut Grove. Courtland, Freeport and
Sacramento. At the capital they paid a
visit to their fellow townsman Governor
George C. Pardee. On the homeward trip
the 'yachtsmen sailed through the three
mile cut-off below Rio Vista and into the
San Joaquin River, staying one night at
Antloch. Thence they proceeded through
New York Slough and the middle grounds
to Martinez and back to Oakland Creek.
They enjoyed the trip and the hospitality
of the dwellers on tbfe river bank greatly.
The fleet consisted of the following ves
sels: Vice Commodore Charles P. Doe's
schooner' Challenge, C. E. Clark's yawl
Gypsie, R. C Davis" sloop Espy, J. E.
Back's sloop Catherine, S. S. Marshall's
sloop Thelma and R. Hicks' sloop Rover.
The sloops Rover and Ethel, the latter
owned by J. McBlson, have joined the
California Yacht Club.
Jones, Herbert Jones and Wilberforce
Williams.
The cruise of the San Francisco Yacht
Club to Napa City during the Independ
ence day holidays did not attracf many
cf the owners, the tides being unfavor
able for the trip up and down Napa
Creek. Commodore R. S, Bridgman's
sloop Thetis and W. W. Haley's sloop
Ariel dropped anchor off the Mare Island
lighr ou the evening of Friday, July 3,
the Corinthian yachts Harpoon and Phyl
lis choosing the same anchorage. The
yawl Wave went to Martinez. The sloop
Curlew reached Vallejo on Independence
day. On the return home on July 5 the
race between the sloops Thetis, Surprise
and Halcyon from Vallejo to Sausalito.
for the cup which was not awarded on
May 31, was won by the flagship Thetis,
which started at 10:50:27 a. m. and fin
ished at 3:40 p. m. t in an elapsed time of
4 hours 49 minutes 33 seconds. Vice Com
modore A. C. Lee's sloop Surprise start
ed at 10:53:52 a. m. and finished at 4:14 p.
m., in an elapsed time of 5 hours 20 min
utes 8 seconds and a corrected time of 4
hours 55 minutes 8 seconds. Halcyon
started at 10:46:28 a. m. and finished at
4:33:40 p. - m., in an elapsed time of 5
hours 47 minutes 12 seconds and a cor
rected tima of 5 hours 22 minutes 12 sec
onds. Surprise and Halcyon each re
ceived an allowance of twenty-five min
utes from Thetis.
Dr. Q. Van Hummel of Indiana, known
among leashmen as "the father of cours
ing," has declared his intention of send-
To show the coursing men throughout
the country that they are In the game to
stay and that they will not stop at trifles,
the Eutte people have announced that
they will put in a healthy bid for the
American Waterloo, an event that brings
out the best dog3 in the United States.
The Texans. who have had a desire to
bring the big meet to their State, are
feeling "anxious now that they have a
worthy rival for the prize, for they know
that the miners, with their long bank
rolls, will give them a hard run to have
the classic event decided In their town.
The Mlsslsippl Valley Futurity for 1303
gives promise of having the largest en
try of any stake ever run on a coursing
field. Already 225 first payments have
been made, and it is most likely that
California's record of 12S dogs will be
broken. .
Four stakes were run off In Butte on
Saturday and Sunday last, a class, spe
cial, reserve and puppy events. Among
the entries were many highly bred hounds
that have been purchased to add strength
to the already well filled kennels, includ
ing some importations from England and
such fliers as Cloudburst. Confidence and
Charming Thought, who have made rec
ords and annexed stakes on local fields.
Northern Pacific is another acquisition
to the Butte kennels. This young hound
was bred by II. C. Lowe of Kansas and is
the one that took the measure of Sacra
mento Boy In the St. Louis Waterloo of
last year. Local men figure Northern
Pacific a good one from the fact that he
not only led Sacramento Boy. but actually
outworked that wonder at his own game.
A month previous to this victory North
ern Pacific won the 1902 Mississippi Val
ley-Futurity, itself a big event.
The park now is under the right aus
pices and Is In the hands of moneyed
men, who are interested and behind the
sport for the good of the game. With
Buch leashmen as Tonkin, Blake and Mc-
Dougal adding 'their Influence It was a
simple matter to bring, coursing to Its
present high standard in Montana. The
principal business men of Butte respond,
ed liberally in the purchase of stock In
the new organization and are united in
the effort to make their city known as a
coursing center.
Coursing is enjoying a great boom
throughout the country. Butte has taken
a decided lead in the advancement of the
sport, and encouraged by the success of
its meetings last season has reached out
for further honors.
Aeolus, whose reputation as a courser
is familiar to followers throughout the
State, took first money In a thirty-two
dog event last week at Los Angeles.
Aeolus was formerly the property of
George MncK. Malcolm, but was recently
sold to E. Wright. This Is his first stake
since he has run in the name of his pres
ent owner.
When the Union Coursing Park was
closed temporarily, Charley Griswold, who
was in charge of the big field, found him
self with ah extra allowance of San Joa
quin jacks on his hands and was for a
time puzzled to know what to do with
them to keep them in condition for the
reopening of the park. To let them have
entire possession and with plenty of food
was out of the auestion, for at opening
time they would be easy picking for the
yellow dogs of the neighborhood and fat
enough to kill, so after a deal of thinking
Griswold hit upon a novel plan and car
ried It out. Securing two pedigreed sheep
dogs from the drivers of Butchertown,
Griswold had them brought to the park
day after day to herd the bunch of hares.
The dogs took kindly to the work and
the hares, being handicapped by the clos
ing of the numerous escapes, were forced
to run themselves into condition that is
far and beyond that of tho new consign
ments. '¦<- '¦."¦'¦» ;•¦¦¦
given some hard trials. Day after day
it has been noticed that the hares, after
reaching the escapes, instead of availing
themselves of the opportunity to crawl
under the fence, have turned about and
taken the dogs another circuit around the
field.
As the fast reason approaches It has
become noticeable that the strong dogs,
rather than the clever ones, have man
aged to get the flag. So plainly has this
been shown that the wise trainers, who
are ever alert for an opportunity to win
fame and glory for their kennels and in
cidentally to add to their bank accounts
the big end of the heavy purses that are
now being offered, have begun to realize
that stamina is the requisite necessary in
the greyhound that is sent out for the
coin.
Many of the yachtsmen will cruise
to-morrow morning to the upper bay, the
tide, which floods until 2:20 p. m. at tha
harbor entrance, serving well for a run
to Paradise Cove, Marin Islands or Mc-
Nears Landing. Next Saturday the San
Francisco yachtsmen will have a mem
bers' and ladles' night at their Sausalito
clubhouse. There will be an entertain
ment, followed by a dance. Among the
entertainers will be W. A. Jones, vocal
solo; Dr. T. L. Hill, recitation: Miss
Grace Brown, song; Alphonse Hirsch,
zither solo; mandolin and guitar quartet,
consisting of Dr. Sumner Hardy, Paul
TO-DAY and to-morrow are open dates
on the programmes of the San Fran
cisco and Corinthian yacht clubs.
The managers of the Astoria regatta are
very desirous to receive a visit from some
San Francisco oarsmen and promise that
the accommodations will be all that can
be desired. Some complaints were made
about the treatment received last year,
but the oarsmen are assured that there
will be no ground for complaint this year.
It is probable that two or three crews
will journey northward next month.
It eeems certain that no oarsmen or
scullers from San Francisco wil! visit
Santa Barbara for the tournament. Two
or three crews would have been quite
willing to do so. but the arrangements
about expenses of transportation and ac
commodations were not satisfactory. The
breeze that blew from the Southland was
too hot to suit the local oarsmen.
In a few months the Alameda Boating
Club, which already has the best waters
for training purposes, will have a greatly
improved location on Oakland Creek. At
present the end of the float at low water
is surrounded by mud and it is impos
sible to launch a boat from the clubhouse
at certain states of the tide. The United
States Government, however, has just
concluded a contract with a San Jose
firm for dredging out a channel in San An
tonio estuary. When this work is accom
plished there will be eight feet of water
at the end of the club float at low tide.
The completion of the work will add
greatly to the convenience and pleasure
of the oarsmen and swimmers.
At a meeting held early In the week
the members of the Ariel Rowing Club
adopted a resolution calling upon the Pa
cific Association of the Amateur Athletic
Union to provide that the championship
r?ces be rowed in shells instead of in
barges. The South End Rowing Club and
the Dolphin Boating Club are In favor of
this and it Is almost certain that the
Olympic Boat Club and the University of
California Boating Association will be in
favor of it also. The rowing clubs on this
fide of the bav are much dissatisfied with
thi results of the regatta. The new Ala
meda barce is so much lighter than any
barge owned by the cftj;- clubs that they
feel at a great disadvantage, j The Ala
mrda club has been keeping ahead of the
other local clubs in the matter of boats
for about ten years past. The barge was
originally adopted for rowing here be
cause It was supposed to be a stronger
and more weatherly boat and more suit
able for rough and lumpy water than a
shell. But for many years all the rowing
races on this bay took place In shells and
the old-time oarsmen say that barges are
even less weatherly than shells, as they
fill and swamp more easily. Another dis
advantage is that barges are peculiar to
San Francisco and are used nowhere else
in the country. If shells are adopted it
will be possible for San Francisco crews
to compete in regattas at Astoria, Port
land, Vancouver. Victoria and other
places in boats of the same kind as those
in use there, and it will be much easier
than it is now to induce oarsmen from
other places to visit San Francisco to
compete in regattas here. At present it is
impossible for local oarsmen to establish
records or even to know how their rec
ords compare with others, as the barge
is an unknown craft elsewhere.
No crew or single scullers appeared
from the Stockton Athletic Association,
though a barge crew wag entered in the
senior and Intermediate classes and R.
Chapman In the senior shell event.
A crew composed of R. IC Varney,
bow; A. H. Bullion. No. 2; J. F. Beales,
No. 3. and G. B. DInsmore. stroke, had en
tered from the Olympic Boat Club In the
intermediate and senior barge races, but
did not put in an appearance. A. II. Bul
lion was entered in the senior outrigged
fkiff race, but it is hardly likely that he
would have beaten his only competitor,
F. W. Ayers of the Alameda Boating
Club. He might, however, have appeared
to advantage in the junior outrigged skiff
race against E. B. Thorning and F. J.
Sherry, the latter of whom fell out of his
boat on the way home from the, stakes.
with a light breeze, and the races
were pulled off with commendable
promptitude, the three barge races were
the only events out of the seven making
up a full championship regatta that really
came to anything. The Alameda Boating
Club won the championships In the senior
and junior barge races and also in the
Junior outrigged skiff event. In only one
of the four event* that came off did the
representatives of the Alameda Boating
Club fail to take first place. This was
the intermediate barge race. The Ala
meda crew for this event had not had
enough practice and was undertrained.
Then the cockswain did not steer as good
a course In this event ap he might have
done. But the crew did not deserve to
win, not having trained long or faithfully
enough for a championship race.
The Alameda junior barge crew, on the
other hand, was an excellent one, having
practiced regularly for six weeks and
having received the best care from their
fellow members during the fortnight pre
ceding the regatta. All the members of
the crew were in fine trim and fit to pull
twice the distance. The Alameda Club
representatives rowed in the new barge,
built by Al Rogers. It is the lightest
Srur-oared barged yeV constructed and
cost $450. It is the f^test boat of its
class on the waters of San Francisco Bay.
WHILE the weather at Oakland on
Independence day was all that could
be desired, being pleasantly warm.
ing a string of his Eastern performers to
try conclusions with the local cracks. Th«
doctor has signed a year's contract witfc
Milo A. Caine to look out for his interests
while here. The kennel will consist of at
least twelve hounds.
"Weekly stakes are being ran at Honey
Grove Park, in Texas, to pood crowds.
I Frank C. Kenny and Frank Monahan
have been unanimously elected delegates
! to represent the new Ingieside Park on
the California Coursing Committee.
J. J. Edmonds has sold a half-interest
in his entire kennel to M. Pierce.
L. F. Bartels of Denver and Cecil A.
Lyon of Sherman. Tex., have been elect
ed associate members of tho California
Coursing Committee in recognition of
their services in the Interest of local
coursing.
As a result of the draw for the Union
Pane stake for to-morrow the grey
hounds John C. Heenan and Tom Sayera
were paired for a trial. Patrons who are
familiar with ancient flstianaiare holding
out to get down a bet on thfe dogs who
are named after pugilists who furnished
one of the greatest battles in the annals
o( the ling. The "dope" reads for a vic
tory for Heenan.
Union Park will run Its first stake since
its temporary closing a few weeks ago.
Satisfactory arrangements for transpor
tation have been completed and some
good sport Is looked for. The card cajls
for a sixty- four-dog stake.
Ingieside offers an elshty-eight-dog
stake to be run to-day and to-morrow
Likely winners at Union Park are:
K«al Article. Tlllle H. Liberator. Rector
Wattles. Reno. Lord Brazen. Fontenoy dLJ;
Gaston. Ragged Actor. Master Rocket." Joh-C
Heenan. Cascade. R«>ck!ess Acrobat. Firm FVi"
low. Mount Rose. Otto. Special Rtmou To-"
basco Bob. Money Musk, Viking. Silver HeJu
Sacramento Boy. Tralee Boy. Mi Amign ChJr
ApafhJfBlrge. »*****«•^fefilK
Winners at Ingieside look to be:
My Nell. Brtgth Fortune. Sllev#n« m »-
Krishna. Pasha Pleasant. Yukon. mVh££2'
Real Pasha. Flying Fox. Algla McDoS,.^'
Maid cf Mercy. Sofala. Laurtlng Water GoH*
en Garter Homer Boy. Haddington. JntnMer
May Flush. Africander. Lily Wrliht pf,I
Pearl. Castle Blarney Boy. Pepper Jack j ?,
Baba. Pullman Girl. Flora Belle! Equator
Valid. Little Mercy. General Dewet jl/k
Fhort. White Mystery. Harlean Gladvs Blarv
roon Mnho Boy. Kmln Tley. BHght Goid B-|
fast. Bob R. Propmto. Cloverdale. Conroy r. i
Pepper and Frinky Barbara. *-"«roy. ReJ
Mr. Hart added that he would soon
send Manager McCiosky east on a still
hunt for more good players. McCiosky
knows all the good ones In the- business
to-day and has orders to get the very
best in the market, regardless of expense.
The team is playing good ball right
along and has plenty of stars on its list.
but then a good ball player can be user!
at all times and in alt places, so a lot of
new ones will probably Join the local
team before long.
A report comes from Los Angeles to
the effect that President Garrat of th©
Los Angeles club did not resign because
of the change In the schedule, as report
ed, but he had so much other business to
attend to that he could not do the club
Justice, and therefore resigned. His suc
cessor. G. "W. Bentley, is now with tha
team in Butte and will devote all his tlma
and energy to seeing that it finishes with
the top notchers.
The Los Angeles team will win a great
many more games from now on. The two
new players from Princeton University.
Hildebrand and Steinwald, are now with
the club and will strengthen It greatly.
Hildebrand Is a pitcher and one of th*
very b««t in the business. "When with the
famous Princeton Tigers two years ago
he made a great record, and many of tha
big league clubs were after him.
Steinwald is a second baseman and one
of the fastest fielders who ever trotted
on a college diamond. He is also a good
man with the stick, arfd wil undoubtedly
win many a game for Reilly ere the sea
son is over.
MORE STAR PLATERS.
Seattle Is also turning out immense crowds,
and the fans there seem to have gone wild
over Dugdale's team. Every club in th»
league is playing fast baseball, and that Is one
of the reasons why the people are patronizing
the games so liberally.
There is absolutely no truth In th« rumor
that the Ia*t game of ball, for this season at
least, has been played at the Xhun-street park.
We will be back here on August 2t». opening
up with the Seattle team. The season closes
on October 11. and we Intend to stay right
in the fight till the end. and our chances of
winning out row are brighter than ever — that
I am certain of.
One of the reasons why the schedule was
changed was to give the people, more ball in
the Northwest. At the very start the fans
there kicked at the schedule, saying they
would not see enough ball to suit them, and
that all the action would come off In Califor
nia. The schedule was arranged In a big
hurry, so after a great deal of consideration
we decided that we would remain north an
extra month and give the people what they
were craving for.
Then the weather conditions have a great
deal to do with the change la the schedule.
If we did not play up there now and next
month, we really would lose all the profit in th«
northern country, for as soon as the rains set
In up there the season is practically at an
end. while ball can be played here and in L03
Angeles all the year round.
GREAT CROWDS AT SEATTLE.
PRESIDENT HARRY HART of tha
San FraAclsco Nationals returned
from the meeting of the leagued
magnates in Tacoma a few days
ago. Hart states that everything at tho
meeting: was satisfactory to him. as well
as to the other magnates, and that tha
outlook for the league is brighter than
at any other time since tha season
opened. He said:
We are certainly havln* everything cur
own way Jn all the northern dtie«. The at
tendance has been and Is at present a great
deal better than we ever dreamed of. All th«
clubs are now making: money and biff money,
and we expect to quit the season a winner
by many thousands of dollars.
In Tacoma the attendance at all the camn
has been exceedingly large — larger In fact
that I could believe until I »aw for myself.
Although the Tigers are now a winning team
by long odds, still the fans have gone base
tall mad and turn out In droves at every
game. For a town of only 60.000 people. I
think It is the greatest baseball center In tha
country.
San Francisco Crews Will
Journey to Astoria for
Next Regatta in August
Manager McCiosky Is Soon
to Go East in Search of
More Star Ball Players
First Flag in Class C Is
Awarded to C. C. Clark's
Gypsie on Resailed Race
Four-Oared Barges Used on
This Bay Are Not Found
Anywhere Else in World
No Events Are Programmed
for To- Morrow by Any of
the Local Yacht Clubs
OARSMEN DESIRE
TO HAVE SHELLS
IN FUTURE RACES
CALIFORNIA TARS
HAVE BEEN ON AN
UP-RIVER CRUISE
Says San Francisco Team
Will Return Home in the
Latter Part of August
PRESIDENT HART
SATISFIED WITH
PRESENT OUTLOOK
Fair Members of Turn Ve
reins Show Their Skill
in Local Gymnasiums
Two Hundred of the Weaker
Sex Undergoing Training
Along Systematic ; Lines
COURSING ENJOYS
BOOM THROUGHOUT
ENTIRE COUNTRY
Condition of Hares on the
Home Fields Puts Hounds
to Tests of Endurance
Gates at Union Park Are
Again* Open and a Stake
of Merit Is Programmed
THE condition of this year's hares
that are caught on the plains for use
in athe different coursing parka of
the State Is such that a material dif
ference will be noticed from, now until
next spring In the working of greyhounds
in the different stakes.
Every consignment that Jhas reached
this city shows that the hares are faster
than at any time since coursing was in
agurated.in our local parks. At Los An
geles last week two top-notch dogs were
run to death in a stake by the hares they
were sent after. Sir Pitt, a dog belonging
to P. M. Curtis, and Goldbug, Frank Mc-
Comb's greyhound, both well known San
Francisco coursers, were the victims.
At* Ingieside of late the dogs have been
ATHLETIC YOUNG WOMEN PERFORM MANY CLEVER FEATS OF STRENGTH AND DARING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATUKDAY, JULY 11, f903.
¦ July tournament. This year, owing
to the ever increasing interest in the
game, there will be no dull season. Both
the California Club and park courts are
in great demand and so heavy Is the at
tendance on the latter that It has be
come necessary to lay- out additional
courts.
USUALLY the dullest season of the
year on - the tends courts Is that
Immediately following: the Fourth of
Mixed Doubles Tournament
at San Rafael Attracts
a Great Deal of Interest
8Judge Beatty Is Here.
United States District Judge James H.
Beatty of Boise,. Idaho, has arrived and
will preside during vacation over the Dis
trict and Circuit, courts. United States
District Judge de Haven Is absent in-Ta
coma and United States Circuit • Judge
Morrow is overcrowded with work in
the Court of Appeals.
The damaere suit of Mrs. Edith O.
Smith, mother and guardian of Dorothy
Smith, for injuries sustained by her
daughter in the railroad wreck near To
males on June 21 was dismissed yester
day. In the stipulation for dismissal It
was stated that Mrs. Smith had consented
to the dismissal on the. payment to her
by the North Shore Railroad Company,
the defendant in the suit, of $10,000.
Victim of Wreck Gets Damages.
Sixth race, six and a half furlongs— Sad 8am
won. The Pride second, Glendenning third
Time. l:21tf.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs Mac
Flecnoe won, Eldred second, John Boggs third
Time. 1:0914.
First race, six furlongs — Poorlands won Cas
dale'second. Botany third. Time l:l#i>4
Second race, four furlongs — St. Helen won
Dons second, Stella Rey third. Time -49
Third race, five furlongs— Bills Glen won
Tourist II wcond, Hirtle third. Time 1 -0" '
Fourth race, mile and 100 yards— Caronal
won. Walter II second. Sol Llchtensteln third'
Time. 1 :47«i-
SEATTLE. Wash.. July 10—The Meadows
Eum.nary:
Racing Results at Seattle.
The meeting here closes on Saturday
next.. The King County fair opens on
August 8 and many of the stables now
here will stay over for a little of the
mixed game. F. E. MULHOLUND
Higglns, the Irrepressible, curly-headed
steeplechase rider, Foster Jones and two
or three other owners Kot in here from
the Denver meeting^yestcrday. Higglns,
in referring to the Colorado meet, said,
"Any time we 'shooed' one in we picked
the best horse," and this in his mind con
stituted honest sport.
Hllderbrand, who continues to ride in
excellent form, had a fall while riding
Troy in a race on the Fourth of July, but
-as the track was mud the little fellow es
caped Injury. As Hilderbrand has a very
energetic manager in Vic Gilbert, it is
the general consensus of opinion that in
many races the youngster is the "medi
cine man." The. mounts of Hilderbrand
are always heavily supported and in
many of the events in which they are re
turned first some of the other riders ap
pear afflicted with a feeling of ennui that
is really alarming. There is one thing the
Seattle sport does like and that is "an
ace In the hole." To this fact can be as
cribed the popularity of Hilderbrand. On
an equal break the local gambler will not
bet he is alive, unless he first consults a
physician.
As "shoo-ins" were becoming tediously
frequent the judges one day last week
posted a bulletin in the ring to the effect
that R. Sullivan was ruled off the turf,
and Jockeys Tullett and Ashley were sus
pended for the balance of the meeting.
Sullivan was brought here by Ed Kripp
of Sacramento and the latter threatens
unless his rider is restored to good stand
ing to take the matter into the courts.
Kripp claims to be $?000 loser on the meet-
Ing and would undoubtedly have found
it more profitable had he journeyed to
Chicago and backed his horse Beau Or
monde.
Hill Alexander, well known to San
Francisco race goers, who was injured
in a trolley car accident some weeks ago
while returning from the races, died at
a hospital in this city Saturday last. Hen
ry Rich, another Friscoite, who received
injuries at the same time, is able to be
about. The railroad company has of
fered Rich $1200 as a balm for his hurts,
but he is holding out for $1SOO.
people attended the racing at «The
lleadows, which speaks very w^ell for the
sport loving qualities of the natives here.
Eight running events were decided, the
books handling altogether about $50,000,
of which sum $12,000 represented the win
ningra of the syndicate. Horatlus, the fa
vorite, carrying 109 . and ridden by Ira
Powell, took the principal fixture of the
card, the Celebration handicap, at one
and a quarter miles, beating Fossil, with
Hllderbrand up, a short nose. The Sat
urday previous Fossil finished two lengths
before Horatius for the Club Members*
handicap over one and an eighth miles,
owing to a bungling ride given the last
named colt by Alarie, Powell being on the
hospital list with a lame hand. Probably
the best break the book had on the
Fourth was when Mocorito finished ahead
of Glendenning. Sad Sam and E. M. Brat
tain (in Owners' handicap at 5 to S). Mo
corito at 4 was practically friendless, the
crowd unloading on Sad Sara and Glen
denning. The latter two sprinters went
out in front at a terrltlc clip and when
both began tiring about 100 yards from
home Holbrook, until this occasion a
maiden rider, slipped through on the rail
with Mocorito, beating Glendenning a
length.
With the exception of the continuation
of the warfare begun at Oakland last
winter between D. Cameron and T. Well
man, there has been little or no boosting
indulged in by. owners of selling' platers.
On June 25 Sheilmount won a five-eighths
mile scramble and when Wellman bid the
gelding up from $300 to $S00 Cameron did
not protect his entry. Wellman took the
chestnut over to Vancouver a few days
later and as his new purchase picked up
about $S00 in purses he feels' that he did
not grab the burnt end of the stick. Cam
eron retaliated by taking The Pride for
$S00 on July 3, after the old Ryan sprinter
had taken a six-furlong event in a gallop.
The win of the Dominion day. handicap
over one and a quarter miles at Vancou
ver by C. W. Chappell's Caronal with 105
pounds up, was a great shock to the Ca
nadian contingent. The latter love to un
limber on a short priced one as a hungry
dog likes a bone, and as"Pat Morrissey,
whose owner is well known over the line,
was backed to 1 to 3, it is not difficult
to imagine" the disappointment at the hot
favorite"s downfall. Pat, ridden by Lin
ton, twisted one of his plates and
Caronal proved an easy winner. Indeed,
Vassallo finished a neck before the tirst
choice for .place, 'tis claimed, but the
judges got the colors mixed and Morris
sey was awarded that position. * •
A story is going the rounds here that
Carson, who is "on the ground" for get
ting left at the post with Redwald. is sail
ing under false colors.'. It is said Cax
eon's real name is Farnum and that af
ter running away from "Snapper" Gar
rison in New York the boy rode on some
of the Eastern outlaw tracks, where he
was eventually ruled off. The story lacks
corroboration, however.
SEATTL.E, July 8.— It rained cats and
dogs here on the Fourth, despite
which unpleasant feature nearly 7000
Unusual Interest Is Being
Manifested in Races in
Cities of the Northwest
¦ (Pacific National League.)
Butt* 4S2« .«49c an Fran.... S3 37 frf/i
Los Anffele*.45 31 .W»2Tacoma 31 43 413
Hnokane 42 32 .r^ Helena 27 4* :»o
Seattle *° 3* -Ml, Salt Lake 3 7 '.300
FEATTLE. July 10. — George Babbitt pitched
to-<Jay for the first time in more than two
year* and It took twelve. innings of the hard
est kind of playing for San Francisco to beat
him. Th* winning run wa» scored by Weaver.
Krw;iran nearly broke his leg trying to catch a
foul fly against the bleachers and dropped the
tall. Score: . ¦ . . '
n. il e.
t>attl* 20000 1100 00 0 — I 11 2
EBB Fran..O 00021 10000 1—5 12 0
Batteries — Babbitt and Stanley; Pfeister and
2»artoi:f. Umpire — Huston.
TACOMA, July 10. — To-day's game was the
iris* contest of the season, with all kinds of
?¦xcltemeat on tap. In the fourth Kloff was
put out cf th«« game by Umpire Mahaffcy and
cwortM from the field by a pollreman. In the
ninth St. Vrain forc-d Jn a run with the bares
lull and : ;.• (..jr.*- made a game effort to tie
the scow, tut could not' reach. Attendance,
«X». Score:
-¦¦•f- n. h. e.
£i»kaae O O 0 O 2 0 0 O 3— 5 11 2"
laccma 1 O O 4 O 0 2 0 x— 7 12 1
natfries— Carney snd Zaluekey; St. Vrain
and Bycr«. Umpire— Mahatfey.
BUTTE. Mont.. July 10.— Heavy hitting told
.1 ?? wlM>n ln tn * Blxtb an: «eventh InniiiM
, C ln , r " " Rt tl "' 'I'here whirling to all parts
of the lot. Lkbhardt was Ln eked out of the
nox la the seventh and was replaced by Strlck
lctt- Attendance, 1000. Bcore:
BUU*.^ «« = O0 2 3O 3 c_ I 7- It E 4
I»s Angeles 10 0 0 0 4 0 10—0 10 3
B*«*rie«— Hearh and Swindells: Llebhardt,
Etncklett enrl Hardy. Umpire— Warner.
«r,n£ LT . L / KK - t:tah - Jul y 10— For thre*
innings to-day Kalt Lake put up a first-class
££L« t a!l and ***"«> Wl«« In a rharoeful
££ T£. Vy rin * « h «* ihre* innings the locale
f™«r£ ... * and * ix run*. In the fourth
inning the t*»nator« woke up and Halt Lake
VSZL *£° l Ti. " raln ' Lundbaum being given a
1000 ecore^ visitor*. Attendance.
j?*. 1 *" 11 I « 0 3 0 O 4 3 O—l I 1"' E s
6alt Lake 32100 0 0 00— « 1J -3
lotteries— Wl eet and CarlBch; LundbauJa and
STANDING OF THE CLUBS
VICTOBY COMES IN TWELFTH.
.^TATTLE, July 1O — With three men on
Y-ti^r-f. two nut and S^attl* one run b»hln*l.
"Wiison batted for Hanlnn In th» Hphth Inning:
and hit the ball past first for two bases, s»-or
irit thr»<" run* and winning th« game. Both
Oarrlck and Graham pitched well. Ecore:
R. ir. E.
f>*ttl- 00010004 z— » 6 1
Oakland 0 10100010—3 4 4
Batteries— Carrirk and Boettlger; Graham
snfl Lohman.
PORTLAND. July 10. — Portland prw>ented
th«* Angels with a n«5t of goor-r-egga to-day.
in epite of th»> fact that Corb»tt. L"s Anpeles*
pria>, was in the box. lie created preat ex
< itoment and received ernne pointed advice
from Dillon and the bleachers In the fifth and
rijrhth inninr*. during uhich he hit two men
and donated a tntal of seven safe hits, one of
ivhlch wa* a two-bagjjfr by Anderson. Butler
¦wa« hit hard, but he kept the h:ti w«Il «cat
tored. Gcore: r. H E
Tortland 0 0 0 O 2 0 0 3 x— 8 15 3
Los Angeles 0 0000000 0 — 0 10 1
. Batteries— Butler and Shea; Corbett and
hpi*"*-
WILSON'S TIMELY DOUBLE.
pace.
• Without exaggeration it was the pret
tiest exhibition of the national rastime
i hat has been passed out upon the local
field In so many moons that one can hard
iy count them.
But the result was not satisfactory so
far as merits were concerned. Young
Cutter, who was appointed to pass up the
curves for the Senators, twirled a game
That would have done credit to any star
in the business, and yet an unfortunate
<rror lost the g^me for him, despite his
Vrilliant efforts.
Only two safe hits were made off the
delivery of the youngster and one of
them was exceedingly scratchy. He did
r.ot pass a man to first on balls nor hit a
batsman and never fcr a moment did he
rase up In his speed. He had curves and
r bewildering change of pace, and. Judg
ing from the way he pitched the nine
Innings, he could have gone as many
more without the slightest effort.
Hodson. for the home team, also went
pome himself, and although his work xrsg'
far from being up to the standard of the
jour.g college man's, still he worked well
enough to shut the Senators out without
a run. Then he had the support which
the youngster lacked at the critical mo
ment, as not one of his backers com
tritted the slightest semblance of an
error during the game.
Meany opened the ninth inning for the
locals and new to center. Then Captain
Charley Irwin advasced to the plate and
after a deal of experimenting with fouls,
drove out a long single to center. Krug's
out advanced him to second. Then Pabst
shot one down to Townsend and the lat
ter allowed the ball to go right through
him and out into right field. Irwin tore
around the bags and landed safely at the
plate ere the ball could be thrown to the
waiting hands of Graham, and the game
was over for keeps.
Just an hour and seventeen minutes
were required to finish the contest and
this record makes it one of the fastest
played at Recreation Park this season.
It was punctuated throughout with bright
and sparkling bits of fielding by both
side*. The score: 9
Fan Francisco — i Sacramento —
AB. R. H. P.A. AB. R. H. P.A.
Phay. «=. 4 « o 3 StHldbrd.K 4 0 2 4 0
Mrany.rf 4 O O 1 O Doyle, cf 4 O O 2 0
Inrin. ob 4 1 1 0 2 McLgn.rf 3 0 0 2 0
T>>shy c 4 A O 4 l'Twn?4.1b 4 O O 11 1
Tab?;, lb 4 O 0 14 1 Kpan. fs. 3 0 2 1 2
Lynch. If 3 0 O 1 0,«'a*ey. £b 2 0 O 4 5
Krup. rf. 3 0 1 3 O Phe'hn.Sb .10 0 0 2
Iw!m?.2b 3 0 0 1 6 Grahm, c 2 0 0 10
llodton. p 3 OOO liCutter. p 3 O 0 1 3
TOtMjmJa 1 2 27 11 Totai».2S 0 4*26 13
•Two out when winning run wa« scored.
BCSB AND HITS BY INNINGS.
•'••••• 0 O 0 O O 0 O 0 — 0
B*M hits 1OO1O11OO— 4
t?an FranrlFco... OOOOOOOO 1 — 1
Bate hits O O O O 1 0 O O 1 — 2
SUMMARY.
Ftcl'n hat-**— Irwin. Hildebrand. Errors —
Tcwnsrid <2t. Catey. Eftar.. Tw<vbai«e hit —
UUdebrtnd. Sacrlflre hit— Casey. First ba*e
en rrrore — Fan Francisco 3. First bane on
called ball* — Off Hodson. 2. Left en hares —
San Francinco 5, Sacramento 4. Ptruck out
Hy Hodson. 3: by Cutter. 1. Double play—
Pabst to £h«y. Time nf earn" — One hour and
17 minutes. Umpire — O'Connell.
STANDING OF THD CLUBS.
(Pacif.c Coast League.)
W. L. Pet.; W. L. Pet.
Los A-.cle!".*" SI .64S Oakland 41 67 .418
facra-r-er.to •'• 3 s7 -BSa, Seattle S3 62 .3SS
Saa i^r&zi M 40 .6^, Portland SO 52 .36<J
EVERT 'an within the Eighth-Etreet
ir.clcvsure yesterday afternoon had
P€tilo<5 himself or herself down com
fortably to wait and enjoy a' few
extra innings of the real swell article of
per.uire baseball, when suddenly, with
two to the £hed In th© ninth, big Cy
Tovxsend committed an unlooked for
blunder. Then it was curtains with M.
Fisher and the Senators, for Cap Irwin
had planted his No. 11 on the rubber, the
f.rst man to do the trick during the
Young Cutter Twirls a Per
fect Game, Allowing but
a Pair of Lonely Hits
Caronal's Victory in Domin
ion Day Handicap at Vic
toria Shocks Canadians
Then Charlie Irwin Scores
Only Run of the Day on
Townsend's Fatal Fumble
SYNDICATE WINS
TWELVE THOUSAND
AT SEATTLE MEET
SENATORS STAVE
OFF DEFEAT TILL
THE NINTH ROUND
DETROIT. Mich. July 10.— The American
Whist League to-day elected Thomas A.
ivhaian. Baltimore, president. .- • ¦
OMAHA. Nebr.. -July 10.— After a spirited
contest P. V. Collins, editor of tha North
wextern Agriculturist. Minneapolis, was to-day
elected president of the National Editorial As
sociation. . . .._._. .
Eliza Nealon, who in July, 1901; was*
treated for an Injury to her left hand
by Dr. Martin Krotoszyner, filed a suit
for $15,500 damages against the physician
yesterday. She alleges that through his
careless treatment gangrene set In and
so affected the hand that she lost her
second and third fingers and nearly all
the bones in the hand.
Says Physician Was Careless.
Early next month the Automobile Club
of California will hold a_ run to Del
Monte, where a tournament will be held,
which Is expected to pf ove one of the
pleasantest outings .ever undertaken by
the club. B. D. Merchant^of -San Jose
and'N. T.Messer'Jr. 1 of room 151," Crocker
building, San . Francisco, .; have been ap
pointed a ;. committee -to make arrange
ments' for the run.: About twenty well
known automoblllsts have ' already prom
ised to , take part and It Is ; certain : that
many more names will be handed In later.
: Automobiles will- leave San^ Francisco
Endurance Contests, Fancy Driving
and Speed Trials Will Be Held.
MOTORISTS PLAN TOURNAMENT.
OAKLAND, July 10.— The last game of
the series of three that was arranged be
tween the Elks' baseball nine and the
Eagles' baseball nine will be played at
the Oakland baseball grounds at Golden
Gate on Sunday afternoon at 2:30 o'clock.
Each team has won one game, and. the
one Sunday afternoon promises to be a
stubbornly contested one. Tho line-up
will be: *; .;y>>,
Kagles. :¦ .'V Positions. Elks/
Callahan Catcher .Hammond
G. Kelge Pitcher Blethen
AI Poulter First haw Partoer
R. Feige Second base. Dunlap
C. Poulter Third base Ward
Bird Shortstop i> an
Lefevre Left field Platt
Borland Center field..... cone
Miles Right field McKee
Hlckox .Kxtra Davis
Waterburjr. ..Kxtra ..;
Last Baseball Game of the Series
Between These Two Organ
izations.
NINE LITTLE ELKS VERSUS
NINE LITTLE EAGLES
The golf events of the sporting carnival
to be given at Santa Barbara next week
will take place on Thursday,' Friday and
Saturday. July 16, 17 and IS. The qualify
ing round, over eighteen holes, medal
play, for the contest for the principal
prize will begin at 9 a. m. on Thursday
July 16.. The sixteen players who make
the lowest scores will qualify. At 2 p.
m. the opening round at match play wlli
b^gin. At 9 a. m. on- Friday, July 17, the
peeond round, and at/2 p. m. the semi
final round will be played. The morning
and afternoon of Saturday, July lg, will
be occupied with the final round, which
will be over thlrty-slx~ holes. '
A consolation handicap contest, over
eighteen holes, medal play, will be open
to. all competitors In the tournament"ex
cept the winner and the runner-up.
It is expected that C. E. Maud, C. E.
Orr and many of the best players" In
Southern California will compete.
The Western amateur golf champion
ship will be played for on the course of
th« Euclid Club at Cleveland In the first
week of August. The programme of the
meet has been so arranged ns to give the
competitors an to play
throughout thfl-week.
Third race, one and an eighth miles. Islfp
handicap— Africander 117. Ootn Paul 10K,
Golden Maxim 10fi. Roehampton 114, Bessie
Spahr 100. Linguist 10o. Hlmsr-ir i>5, Lendln 95,
Sheriff Bell 95, Sadie 9 93. Elliott 98.
Fourth race, six furlongs.. Brighton Junior —
Tim Payne 112, White Plume 115. Gallant 122,
Baseful 112. Ormondes Right 107. Yellow Ham
mer 107, Pentaur 107, Moharlb 107, Dimple
104. James V 112.
Fifth race, six furlongs, high weight handi
cap — Dublin 140. Hurstbourne 124, Young Hen
ry 122, Astartta 116, The Rhymer lit. Sir
Voorhies 112. Ingold 110. St. Daniel 110. If
Ton Dare llf>. Invasion 107. Black Hussar 10«,
Colonel Padden 111. The Carmelite 105, Slldell
103. Locket 103. Interval 103. Navasota 97. An
dalusjan 9rt. John Barleycorn 94. -
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling, two-year
olds—Sandhurst 107, Prince of Elm 9J». Tit
honlc 10«, The Lady Rohesta 101. Trouvllle
105. Hopeful Miss 100. Excentral 107. Mohave.
101, El DonoFO 10.1. Dinah Shad 00. Long Dis
tance 112. Thistle Heather 104, Tendercrest
104. Luminosity 00. Miss McKenna 101.
\\>ather c!ear. Track fast.
BRIGHTOX BEACH SELECTIONS.
(By the NeW York Telegraph.)
First liner — Jnvennl Maxim,
Bluish. Great Crownlnsr.
Second -Race — Gam Honey, Mar
Hnrrlnnn. Judsre- Phillip".
Third Race— Golden 3Iaxlm, Afri
cander. Uoehampton.
Kourtli Race Gnllant, Baaefnl,
Yellow Hammer.
Fifth Race— KlrUrhmiin entry
(ttt; Daniel and Hnratbourne), Dub
lin. Colonel Pndden.
Sixth Race — Mohave, Thlntlc
Heather. Ten de re rent.
by the 3 p. m. Oakland Creek ferryboat
on Thursday, August 6, and will proceed
one by one to San Jose that evening. The
night will be spent at San Jose and In
good time on Friday, August 7, a start
will be made for Del Monte. . At San
Juan the automobillats will-rendezvous
and will decide whether to go over or
around. the San Juan Hill.*] Though the
San Juan Hill involves no special difficul
ty, if that route Is followed, some one will
be sent ahead of the main body of auto
mobillsta^to warn the drivers of horse
drawn vehicles of the approach of the
self-propelled carriages. The route rounds
the San Juan Hill goes. by way. of Wat
sonvllle and Is eighteen miles longer.
Whichever route Is chosen the run is a
pleasant one and it will be easy to reach
Del Monte' In good time for dinner.
Automobile owners who may not wish
to drive their. machines down to Monterey
can send them by railroad. A special
rate of $30 per freight car for the round
trip has been secured. A freight car,' will
carry three large autpmoblles or aUarger
number of small ones.
On Saturday, August 8, the automobll-
Ists will have an opportunity of witness-
Ing the final match of the polo tourna
ment: The remaining three days of their
stay will be taken. ud with trips > to the
pretty. spots in the neighborhood of Del
Monte, runs over the famous seventeen
mile,drive and competitions of speed, en
durance, fancy. driving or any other sort
that may be desired. It is hoped that the
automobile tournament of this year will
be the first of a series of annual events.
Automobile owners who" are not/ mem
bers of the' club may attend the meet on
invitation and will be welcomed by those
having, the tournament in charge. The
automobile clubs of Oakland and San
Jose will be represented by several mem
bers. | (
BRIGHTON BEACH ENTRIES.
NEW YORK, July 10.— The following art
the entries for to-morrow's races at Brighton
Beach:
First race, five- and a half furlongs, maiden
two-yesr-olds^ — Juvenal Maxim 111!. Lon?r Shot
112, Klngnboro 112. Gen d'Arme 112, Bouvier
109, Blueiah 112. Donnelly 112. Sals 112. Ned
Moore 112, Billings 112. Great Crossing 10».
Bassetlaw 112, Golden Mallow 10j», The Buck
112. Escobar 100, Turquoise Blue 109, Har
bor 112.
Second race. Leopardstown steeplechase,
short course — Gum Honey 1.12, Memorlst 132,
May Harrison 130. Judge Phillips 153, tiascar
14«. John Ruskln 14»i
i Oh the: Happy; Valley links ttys rafter
noon there" will be a. qualifying ;rbund
'over eighteen holes f for the Midsummer
trophy of the. -San Rafael "Golf - Club;
which Is to be competed for annually
during July and August. R. Oilman
Brown, captain of the San '-Rafael; Golf
Club, Is absent from the city, but Is ex-^
pected to return early next- week. * '..'¦ ::
To-morrow the final round oVer thirty,
six holes for a cup offered by the outgo
ing directors of the Menlo Golf and Coun
try Club will take place. The event is a
handicap, the qualifying round for which
was played over eighteen holes on Inde
pendence day, there being about fourteen
competitors. The eight who qualified to
take part in the match play rounds and
their scores were as follows:
COMPETITORS. |Gro?s.|Hancllcap.| Net.
A. P. R«dding -.94 li) 84
E 1* Eyre W) 14 M
R Sprague 97 8 &>
R. A. Macondray. ..... 91 o 9t
J. A. Folger ....'. 92 0 0°
Perry Kyre 91 0 9.1
P. \V. Bolby 102 .8 94
F. II. Moss ...;...... 103 9 94 -
In the first round, over eighteen holes,
match play, A. P. Redding won from'J.
A. Folger by default, Percy Selby beat
Richard Sprague, E. L. Kyre defeated
Perry Eyre and R. A. Macondray was
victorious over* F. H. Moss, in the sec
ond and semi-final round P. w. Selby
beat A. P. Redding and R. A. Macondray
defeated E. I.. Eyre. The cup must be
won three times before it becomes the
permanent property of the winner.
A team of members of the Oxford and
Cambridge Golfing Society will play In
the United States next month, definite
arrangements for their visit having been
made at a recent meeting of the board of
directors of the Western Golf Associa
tion. The first match will be played on
the links of the Chicago Golf Club at
Wheaton against a learn chosen from the
best players in- the association. L, T.
Boyd of the Milwaukee Country Club
will select the Western players and will
be their captain. On August 15 the vis
itors will play against an all-Chicago
loam selected and captained by William
Waller. This match will be played on
the links of tho Glenview Club.
Santa Barbar^ns^Proinise vRewards
CONTESTS ' ON THE - LINKS:
removed to Catherham Cottage Hospital,
where they still j remain senseless. The
latest reports from: the hospital authorP"
ties characterize their condition as "very
grave." ¦ ¦ . .
The occupants of the other- car were
only slightly hurt. ...
WELL-KNOWN JOCKEY WHO
WAS INJURED BY AN AU
TOMOBILE.
"We thought we would have some fun
out of this, and away the three of us
went to CallFtoga. carrying our rifles and
not caring to take along shotguns. We
got there about noon, and not until the
next day did w« get a ehot at anything.
When the game showed up, however. It
was in the shape of one poor little rab
bit, about 200 feet away. The three of us
fired as one, and there was little left of
that rabbit but the cars and tall,
"The sport was too slow, so we came
back home, to the great chagrin of our
host and employer. I hope that things
will b« different where I'm going now
and that I will get something worth
while to shoot at"
" 'If you fellows down there In the city
can do the 6hootlng they say you can,
come here and kill all these darned hares
that are rating up my grapes. I'll pay
you a dollar a day and board.'
"I want to tell you something I think
is rather funny. It was about sixteen
years ago that Bendel of the firm of
Tillmann & Bendel, another man and I.
all members of the Schuetzen Vereln, re
ceived a number of letters from ranch
ers and cattlemen in different parts -of
the State complaining of the Iorpps
caused them by bears and lions. In each
case we were invited to spend our vaca
tion in the neighborhood of the writer
and do some shooting. We accepted the
invitation of one man who dwelt near
Calistoga. He went straight to the point,
saying:
Phllo Jacoby, "the sharpshooter, left the
city yesterda, for a hunting trip. His
destination is near Ukiah, Mendocino
County. He will be away for two weeks!
On his way to the ferry with less para
phernalia than the usual huntsman car
ries Jacoby said that two friends of his—
brothers— own adjoining ranches in Men
docino and that they were anndyed by
bear and California lions, that made
nightly raids on their cattle.
"They want me to go up there and kill
some of the 'varmint,' " he said, chuck
ling. "So I'm going there with my old
time 44-55 Winchester to see what I can
do and have a little needed recreation. I
suppose I'm traveling under false pre
tenses, for I don't think I can handle the
gun as I used to. This gun, too," he
added, "is not like the new-fangled_
weapons now In use, but It has stood by
me many times in years gone by.'when I
came back with big bags of game, large
and small.
Veteran liarksman Will Enjoy a
MucH-NeededTRest in r Mountains:^ !
JACOB Y -TO :HUNT\: BIG -GAME.
Maher and the chauffeur were -both
hurled from their .automobile and when
picked up were unconscious. Both -were
Maher had been riding at the Llngfield
races aijd was returning .home, in t Lord
Carnarvon's automobile, which" had been
loaned him, when the' accident occurred.
Maher himself was driving and the chauf
feur was sitting beside him. They were
going at a hot pace / when the steering
gear failed to act and the car dashed
into a motor occupied by a lady and a gen
tleman, which was going in the opposite
direction. ' '-..;'• ¦
fractured the base of his skull
and sustained other injuries. A London
specialist has been summoned and will
attend him.
LONDON, July 10.— "Danny" Maher,
the American jockey, had a seri
ous motor car accident "to-day. He
was thrown out of an automobile,
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
ST. LOUIS. July 10.— In the fourth
race, a seven-furlong affair, at Del
mar to-day Miss Mae Day proved to
? be the best. Sh© received an excel
lent rid© from Troxler and managed to
win by a nose from Maud Gonne. Threa
favorites won during tha afternoon. Sum
mary:
sem IRST RACE ~ Four * nd * h * lf fartonga.
Betting Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin,
5 to 2— Rhigwalt. 108 (Troxler).... 1 fin
4 to 1— Rhyme & R. 104 (Wallace). 7 4 2m
9 to 2— Quaker Girl, 106 (Bell) 8 2 Sn
Time, :56%. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner, O. G. Parke's b. c. by Gallantry- Robe na.
Tom Kiley 117. Llla Noel 103. Alcom R 104.
Benton 95, Thunderatlon 98, Glenesher 98 also
run.
SECOND RACE— Six and a half furlongs.
seizing^.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. K Fin.
9 to 2— Alfio. 95 (Bridewell)........ 4 2 , I lli
7 to 1— Macbeth. 107 (Lines) S 1 S U
9 tol— Carrie Hope. 104 (Shea) 5 3 3 8
Time. 1:23U. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. G. C. Bennett A Co.'s ch. c. by Fonsa-
Fly Away. Caelana 93. Lyncb 101. Dr. Clark
10b. Little Corker 107. Clara Wood 104. John
Grigsby 108. Stub 102. Red Ola 93. A Convict
9Ci also ran.
THIRD RACE— Five, furlongs, purse.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin,
9 to 2— Scalpor. 107 (Troxler) 0 gin
7 to 2— Ingolthrift. 106 (Gullet).... 5 6 2 *A
5 to 2— Tootsey Mack. 108 (Bell)... 7 4 3 S
Time. 1:04. Start good. Won driving. "Win
ner, E. S. Gardner's br. c. by Qutckltme-Sou
brette II. Turanda lOfl. Lord Hermence MT.
Foxy Grandpa 108. Wigwam 108, Hoedown
103. Anna Hardy 9*. Mengls 108, Frank Col
lins 103, Alillbrook 111 also ran.
FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs, purse.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
9 to 2— Miss Mae Day. 107 (Troxler) 1 2 1 n
4 t<» 5 — Maud Gonne. 105 (H. B'ker) 3 8 2 8
6 to 1— Poseur. 96 (D. Austin) 2 1 3 10
Time. 1:2814. 'Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. W. W. Elliott's br. m. by Hermencia-
Aala Lalla. Golden Glitter 105, Mary Lavaaa
S3 also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Mile and a sixteenth, hIHik.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Kin.
2 to 1— Orpheum. 9»J (Bridewell)... 2 114
5 to 1— Chas. Ramsey, 109 (Troxler) 3 2 2 10
3 to 1— Pierce J. 107 (Higglns) 7 A 8 1
Time. 1:49%. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. P. G. Xolan's b. c. by Ornament-Blancha
J. II. Kittle Clyde 106, King's Pet 100, Daw
son 103. Eugenia S 102 also ran.
SIXTH RACE— Six and a half furlong*. Mil-
Ing.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. \ Tin.
5 to 2— Be True. 114 (Troxler).... 4 114
8 to 1— Vlrgle dOr. 104 (Hlggins). 3 R 2 h
10 to 1— Bear Creek. 102 (McKney) 2 2 3 2
Time, 1:23%. Start good. Won eastly. Win
ner, J. E. Basquil & Co.'s b. b. by Slddartha-
Rose Highley. D. L. Moore 97, Lada* 111,
Blue Grass Girl 95 also ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO. July 10.— A small killing
was made* on Nannie Hodge In the
third race at "Washington Park to
day. . Opening at 5 to 1 In the bet
ting, money poured in on her, and at post
time 5 to 2 was the best obtainable. She
got oft flying and nas never headed.
On account* of the muddy track numer
ous scratches were made, ruining what
otherwise looked to be a splendid card.
A second descent of constables on the
track officials and bookmakers planned
for this afternoon was thwarted by deny
ing the officers entrance to tho grounds
until after the last race, when warrants
were served on President Young. Secre
tary Howard and half a dozen book
makers. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Mile, purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. Bt. % Fin.
2 to 6— Bad News, 100 (B. Davis) 4 1 1 10
6 to 1— Rossmond, 98 (Adklns).. 2 2 2 3*i
40 to 1— Frank M.. 100 (Robbins). 3 3 3 2
Time, 1:45 2-5. Start good. Wen easily.
Winner, Woodford & Buckner's br. g. by Fly
ing Dutchman-Black Sleeves. Linden 97 also
ran.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs, purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
2 to 5— Runnels, 110 (C. Gray).. 2 2 11
8 to 5— Slvla Talbt, 108 (L.Wilsn) 1 1 2 30
40 to 1— Red Raven. 103 (B.Davis) 3. 3 3
Time. 1:15 4-5.- Start good. Won easily.
Winner. ' J. . A. Drakes br. c. by Charada-
Zincara II.
THIRD RACE — Five furlongs, selling:
Betting. Hone. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
5 to 2— Nanie Hdge, 103 (UWlsn) 1115
6 to 1 — Dungannon, 98 (Helgsen) 0 5 2 1
11 to 1— Cognomen, 99 (Bobbins) . 2 2 3 *»
Time. -1:03 3-5. Start good. " Won canter-
Ing. Winner, W. W. Darden & Co.'s ch. f.
by Rosslngton-"Mrs. Lane. Bery Waddell 95,
Heigerson 103, Oudon 98, Banwell 99, My Ester
97 El Cortesa 96, Mlngore 108. St. Paula 107,
Gayosa 90. Louis Kraft 93, -My Gem 103 also
ran. . ¦ ' -~
FOURTH RACE— Mile and -fifty yards, sell
ins:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
11 to 5— Orslna. 1»2 (L. Wilson).. 2 111
7 to 2— Airtight, 100 (Helgesen).. 8 3 2 4
20^ to 1— Ld Teh wod". 10O "( J.Bobkr) "7434
Time, 1:47 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner C. Lind & Co.'s blk. f. by Orslnl-
Sloe. Warte Nlcht 112. Sir Hugh 102, Esherin
112, Galba 104, Ml ranee 95 also ran.
FIFTH RACE — On e and a sixteenth miles,
(telling: „'¦; _,
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *? Fin.
« to 1— Jaubert. 100 (Helgesen).. 3 2 1 1*4
7 to 2— Alee. M (H. Phillips) 2 1 2 h
6 to 1— Marcos. 100 (S. Bonner). 0 7 3 n
Time. 1:52 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. C. Dewitt & Co.'s b. c. by Axra-MIs
hap. Prince Blazes 99. Little Elkin 94.
Banana Cream £2, Latson 93, Alma Girt 95,
Domadge 98 also ran. .
SIXTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles,
selllns:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «* Fin.
9 to 5— Antonlus." 103 (J.Booker). 12 1 2Vi
B'to 1— Evelyn Bird. 92 (Robblna) 4 3 2 1H
4 to 1— Pirate. RS (L. Wilson)... B 5 3 n
Time. 1:51 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, Haverly Bros.' ch. h. by Huntoon-
Bessle Ivy. Louisville 9$. Miracle II 9S.
Charlie Thompson 94 also ran.
DELMAR ENTRIES.
ST. LOUIS, July Jo.— The following are tha
entries for to-morrow's races at Delmar:
First ra<*s. six furlongs, selling— Aylmer
Bruce 85. Axares 102. Lacache 85, Impetuous
01. Dolly IUyman 93, Presbyterian 109.
Grantor 11)6, Pearl Diver 83, Cotton Plant 103,
Snow Drift 102. Lou Beach 96. Ben Lear 96.
Algaretta 105.
Second race, five and a half furlongs, purse —
Tom Kiley 1O4. Kilo 10*. Mag Nolin 104, Atlas
104. Mlzzen Mast 107. Millkirlc 107.
Third race, mil* and seventy yards, selling —
Terra Incogntta 103. Olenetz 103. Helen Hay 9O
Sinter Lillian 97. .Class Leader 94. Our Lady
1<>5. Kinloch Park 107. Lasso 107. Canyon 101,
Chandoo 107. Countess Clara 104, Vlrgle d'Or
104.
Fourth race, one mile. Gasconado stakes —
Judge Cantrill »9. Miss Eon 93. Light Opera
101. Dottie Shute Jtt. Pourquol Pas 94.
Fifth race, six furlongs, handicap— A Lark
9O. stand Pat 98. Malster 107. Mlmo 95. Two
Lick 100. Kindred 110.
Sixth race, mils and a sixteenth, handicap —
Kenova S5. Eda Rlley 04. Edgardo 103. Jordan
110. Mynheer 93, Jack foung 100. Jim Clark
102. 1
Seventh race, mite amf three-sixteenths. sell-
Ing— Eliza Dillon 91. Joife F 98. The Messen
ger 104. The Way 103. Buccleuth 95. Satin
Coat 100.
Weather clear. Track good.
DELMAR SELECTIONS.
(By the New York Telegraph.)
Fir»t Race— Impetnoni, Alcarettn.
(•ran tor.
Second Race Msg \n!ln, Misses
Slant. Kilo.
Third Race— Oar Lady. Laiio,
C'handoo.
Fourth Race— Ponrqnol Pas, Dotty
Shnte. I.ieht Onera. , VTT
Fifth Race — Mn Inter. Two Lick.
Stand Pat.
Sixth Race Eda Rlley. Jack
Yonng, KiUnriln,
Seventh Race— The Mesaensrer,
Kliza Dillon. Joule F.
* WASHINGTON PARK ENTRIES.
July 10. — The following are the
entries for to-morrow's races at Washington
Park:
First race, six furlongs, selling— Balm of
Gilead 100. Stuyve 107. Foxy Kane 103. Erema
102. Muresca 100, Uranium 9S. Poor Boy 97,
Egg Nogg 94. -v
Second race, six furlongs — John . Peters 122.
Cruzados 107. Bardolph OS. Fid Silver $>.">. Al
bemarle 95. Lady Matchless 93, Gypzene 93.
Third race, mile and three-sixteenths, the
Young handicap — Six Shooter 116, Aladdin 110.
Little Scout 101, Luclen Appleby 107, Monarka
106, Jack Ratlin 10T», Gregor K 102. Hoodwink
95. Flocarline 94. Macy 94, Gold Bell 03. Cap
tain Arnold 92. (Scout and Aladdin, Bennett
entry.)
Fourth race, mile and a sixteenth: selKnsr —
Jaubert 107, Marcos 107, Burd of Avon 106,
Hot 104. Erne 104. Alma Gill 102. Latson 101,
Mezzo 89. -
Fifth race, mile — Bragg 110. Brulare 107.
Sioux Chief 10«», Warte Nlcht 100, Sidney C.
Love 100. Birch Broom 95. (Sioux Chief an't
Brulare, Darden entry.)
Sixth race, mile and a sixteenth, selling —
Rolling Boer.) 100. Echodale 104. Barrica 104.
Carat 103. Lampoon 95, Kllmorle 93, Lord
Touchwood 86.
Weather cloudy, track muddy.
WASHINGTON PARK SELECTIONS.
(By the Chicago Inter Ocean.)
Firnt Race— S<ayvf, Foxy Kane,
Uranium.
Second Race — Crmadoa, John
Peter». Dardolph.
Third Rncc — Hoodwink. GreRnr
K. Aladdin.
Fourth Race— Meiiin, Hot. Janhert.
Fifth Race RrnKC, AVarte Nlcht.
Itirch Broom.
Sixth Race — Rollins Boer. Lam
poon. Kllmorle.
JURY DEFERS EPPINGER
CASE UNTIL NEXT WEEK
Witnesses Appear in Response to
Summons, but Jurors Are Busy
With Other Matters.
The Grand Jury failed to reach the Ep->
plnger case yesterday afternoon. Other
•work supervened until late in the after
noon and the witnesses were dismissed
until next "Wednesday evening at 7:30
o'clock. There were present yesterday In
readiness to testify: A. G. Platt and J. F.
Fields, the experts employed by Receiver
Wadsworth to examine the books of Ep
pinger & Co.; Mr. McFaull. the weigher
from the warehouses at Crockett; Frank
Mitchell, "who kept the books for Ep
plnger & Co.; Robert Herlltz of Costigari
& Co., and Vf. %V. Topping, the secretary
of Eppinger & Co.. whose duty it was to
make out the warehouse receipts for
grain. These witnesses will all appear be
fore the Grand Jury Wednesday evening."
Possibly other witnesses will also be
called. The probabilfty Is that the taking
of testimony will be concluded at tha next
meeting of the Grand Jury.
SCIENTIFIC BATTING WINS
THE GAME FOB NEW YORK
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
NEW YORK, June 10.— New York won. to
day's game from St. Louis by scientific bat
ting in the fourth Inning. The visitors would
have been shut out but for a fumble by Da
vis in the first Inning. Wolfe pitched well
and showed more speed than at any ttme dur
ing the season. Attendance. 1600. Score:
R. H. E.
New York 3 S 1
St. Louis : 1. 8 2
f Batteries— Wolfe and Bevllle; Powell and
a hoe.
WASHINGTON. July 10.— Washington's hits
were not bunched as well as Detroit's to-day
and the heavy and timely batting of. Donovan
gave the visitors the game. Attendance. 11SS.
Score : '. 7 ¦¦.*. \ "
• B, H. E.
Washington « 11 ! 3
Detroit 10 15 3
Batteries — Orth and Klttredge; Donovan,
Buelow and McGulre. .; '§-'..:.
. BOSTON. July 10. — Chicago took vengeance
on the local team to-day, batting Hughes out
of the box In the first inning. Whit*, had the
locsj hitters at his mercy. Attendance. 300O.
Score:
Boston 4 4 3
Chicago 7 14 2
Batteries— Hughes. Gibson and Stabler White
nnd Slattery.
PHILADELPHIA. July 10.— Inferior work at
the bat to-day was the cans* of th» locals'
defeat toy Cleveland. The players wore bows
of crape in memory of the late Ed DHehanty.
Hoffmsn. Manager Mack's extra outn>ld»r. has
Jumped to the Los Angeles team. Attendance,
8900. Score :
R, H. E.
Cleveland 4 ... N 7 .. 3
Philadelphia 1 5 3
Batteries — Joss and Abbott; Coakley and
Powers.
>, - NATIONAL LEAGUE.
CHICAGO. July 10. — Chicago to-day won the
last game of the series by bunching ten hits
in i three Innings. After the first Menefee
pitched In fine form. Attendance. 1200. Score:
R. II. E.
Chicago 7 15 2
Philadelphia 4 0 1
- Batteries — Menefee and Kilns; Duggleby and
Zlrnnw. Umpire — O'Day.
CINCINNATI. July 10. — Cincinnati took the
last game- of the series from Boston to-day,
making It four of the five games played. The
contest was very exciting. Attendance. 1500.
Score:
. R. H. B.
Cincinnati « 13 1
Boston • * 12 5
Batteries — Harper and Peltz: Pratt and Mo
ran. Umpire — Holllday.
¦ 8T LOUIS. July 10.— The locals won a" ten
inning battle-from the New Yorks to-day by a
score, of 4 to 3. Attendance, 1600. Score:
. R. H. E.
St. Louis • 4 15 4
New York .3 6 4
Datteries— McFarland and J. O'Neill; Miller
ilcGlnniO' and Bowerman. Umpire— Jdor£ai£
; .SIXTH .RACE^-rSelllriK; three-year-olds and
upward; one and an eighth miles. '. :.
Betting. •• Horse, Weight. Jockeyi ;St, *i Fin.
11-to 5— Tribes Hill. 106 (Fuller):. 5 , 5 1 2
7 to 1— Rostand. 100 (Haack).... 6 2 2 h
8 to I— Syrlln. 101 (Frelcht)...... 1 1 32
Time, 1:47 3-5. - Start -poor. Won cleverly
Winner, J. L.. McGinnis' br. c. by Clifford-
Qaroga. Rocky 111.- H.-Clay'Ryo 107. Patt
$»«_ Dark Planet 100. Ear'- Eve 101. Anak 111.
Our- Nugget 07. Unterock 100. Eva Mine 90,
Cardigan I OS, Lanceman If""., also ran.
FIFTH RACE — Maiden fillies; two-year-olds;
five furlongs; purse.
Betting.. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 2— Divination. 107 (Bllman). 3 1 1 h
8 to 1— -Pristina. 105 (Michaels).. 7 4 2 3
10 to 1 — Possession, 105 (Smthsori).9 8 3h
-Time, ;i :01 2-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner. ¦'Mexican stable's ch. f. by Horoscope-
White Rose. ' Stroma 105. M. Theo IOC, Marinet
105? To San 105. Sea Gate 105. Black Socks
105,-Funny Side 105, Margaret O 105. My Sister
10.V-\Salada 105, Magic Flute 105, M. B.
Furium,403, Lady Bailee 105, also ran.
FOURTH-RACE^Handreap7~three-year-olds"
and upward; one and a quarter miles.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
,5 to 1— Bon Mot, 114 (Gannon)., a. 3 12
3 to 1— Flying Jib. 113 'Bullman) 11 2 h
15 to 1— W.R.Condon, 116 (McCue) 7. 5 3 1
Time, 2:0ti. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. H. E. Rowell's b. c. by Fitzjames-Queen's
Taste. Warranted 120, Bergand 115, Thorney
croft 121, Himself 119, Tugai Bey 112, also ran.
THIRD RACE— Highwelght handicap^ three
year-olds and upward: six furlongs.
Betting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin. .
6 to 1— Duke of Kendall, 125 (Odm) 5 2 1 «i
5 to 1— St. Finnan. 120 (Redfern). 6 7 1! *i '
f> to 1— Flying Buttress.lO" (Bllron) 2 0 3 n
Time, 1:13 4-5. Start good. Won drivjn?.
Winner, J. McLaughlln's br. c. by' Sir Modred-
Duchess of Kendall. Operator 122, Midnight
Chimes 1O4. \ Wealth 122. Duelist 125. Illyria
10S». Knight of Harlem 105, Saccharometer 121.
King Carter 101, also ran.
: SECOND RACE — Selling? three-year-ohfs and
upward; one and an eighth miles.
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
17 to 5— Sambo, 103 (Haack) 10 9 1 *i
7 to 1 — Water Tower. 112 (Odom). 6-322 ¦
20 to 1— Circus, 112 (Burns) 2 8 3 h
Time, 1:45 2-5. Start poor. Won driving.
Winner. P. M. Clvlll's b. c. by St. Sayour-
Josle W. Homestead l<k>. Turnpike 04..- "Lord
Advocate 100, Colonsay 102, Cogswell 08, Ethics
108, Belle of Troy 101, also ran.
p land Fuller is the best rider of his
,welght<in the world. He had won with
the favorite, Tribes Hill, in such clever,
.-workmanlike style "that the applause
jwhlch" greeted him was almost as great
,as when he won the Suburban on Afri
cander. With ordinary care the future
of Fuller seems to be vtry bright.
Reference to Tribes Hill's victory re
calls a statement made some days ago by
his owner, John McGinnis, that with the
$100 horse he has won in wagers and some
purses nearly $50,000.
Tribes Hill was sold last fall at Morris
Park to his present owner at. the weed
ing out sale of Stevens, Sanford &.Sons.
McGinnis was fofmerly a messenger on
the grand stands at race courses. . Sum
maries:
FIRST RACE — Purse; two-year-olds ; six fur
longs. ¦ "
Betting:. . Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
8 to 1 — Wotan, 112 (Odom)..." 8 3 1 h
5 tol — Knobhampton. 112 (Fuller) 1 2 22
8 to 1— Saeredus. 1OU (O'Neill).... 4 6 3 h
Time. 1:15. Start good. Won drlvlnjr.- Win
ner, W. M. Scheftel'8 b. c. by Wagner-Unde
clded.) Grszallo 112. Montana King: 112. Lath
ron 102. Topic 102, Bob Murphy 112, also ran.
N:EW YORK." July 10.— Thousands left
Brighton * Beach race'_course to-day
thkt will testify that Grover Cleve-
Killing of Moderate Size
Is Accomplished on Nan
nie Hodge in the Third
Jockey Troxler Does Some
Excellent Ridingand Maud
Gonne Is Neatly Beaten
Brighton Beach
| Him thei Best^Rider of
h H]s Weight in the World
Scheduled Descent of the
Law Officers on the
Track Partly thwarted
Miss Mae Day Makes a Win
ning by a Nose in the
Racing at Seven Furlongs
Jockey -Lands Favorite in
Workmanlike Style and
WinlS^Popular Applause
FULLER'S CLEVER
RIDE ON TRIBES
HILL MAKES HIT
WASHINGTON PARK
OFFICIALS STOP
THE CONSTABLES
THREE FAVORITES
THE LUCKY ONES
AT DELMAR TRACK
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SATURDAY, JULY 11, 1903.
RACES IN THE EAST DELIGHT THOUSANDS AND THRONGS WITNESS SUPERB BASEBALL
While Returning From Races in England the
Steering Gear of Car Goes Wrong and Horse
man Sustains a Seriously Fractured Skull
JOCKEY "DANNY" MAHER BADLY
HURT IN AUTOMOBILE ACCIDENT
9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FORWEAKMe^I!
. With Free Suspensory
If your manly strength has been watted by
the dissipations of youth or of maturity, over-
work, worry or sickness, I can promise If you
will wear my Belt, that you will regain tha
vigor and pleasure of perfect strength.
DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT
Cures ' weakness In Men and Women. Weak
Backs. Varlcocele, Rheumatism. Stomach.
Kidney and Liver Troubles, Constipation and
all Nervous Diseases. 1
FREE TEST — Call at my office and teat my
Belt and s#e tha testimony of the^cured.
FREE BOOK— If you can't call. Inclos- fhla
ad. and 'I will mall, scaled and free, my beau-
tifully Illustrated SO-pag« book, which tells
all. Addresi
dr. m. c. Mclaughlin,
(' "906 Market St, San Francisco.OAKLAND.- July 10.— Four Chinese lot
tery gamblers, out cf eight arrested t last
night during a raid on the dens, forfeited
$40 ball this morning In the Police Court.
Jury trials were demanded for the others.
Chinese Gamblers Forfeit Bail.
.OAKLAND. July 10.— Mrs. Millie Ennis.
the widow of William : Ennis. ; a fireman
who died *f rom J heart failure | while at a
fire In 1901, died this morning at her home.
129 San Pablo avenue. Death was caused'
by pneumonia. The funeral will. take, place
Sunday at 3 p. m» from Taylor's under
taking Darlors.
Death of Mrs. Millie Ennis.
Citrus Fruit Crop Shows Increase.
, LOS ANGELES. July 10.— An early es
timate by a railroad Tofflclal who makes
aVstudy ' of, citrus fruit crops . places the
probable- number of .carloads of oranges
and' lemons for, the season of 1903-1904 ; a^
35,000. This ..would ' be. -the largest
crop on record, v So far ; this season: 20,217
carloads ' of citrus ¦ fruit have been ship
ped East, with; probably 2000 carloads yet
to so.;
AUGUSTA, Me., July 10.— Mrs. James
G. Blalne's physician reported to-night
that she was rapidly falling, though it la
impossible to predict when the end will
come.
Mrs. James G. , Blaine Dying.
ARRIVED.
Friday. July 10."
Stmr "Whitcsboro. Olsen, 56 hours from San
Pedro. • " ' •'
DOMESTIC PORTS.
. TATOOSH— Passed In 'July 10— Stmr Olym
pic, hence July 0, for Fairhaven. , <* ¦
. ABERDEEN— Arrived July: 10— Stmr New
burg, .hence July 6; schr-Comet, from Santa
Barbara. . • •
Sailed July • 10— Stmr G C Llndauer, for San
Francisco. BH**^***W ' *f *4i"
: PORT TOWNSKND — Arrived July 10— Br
atmr 1 Yeddo. hence July 6. V - • ¦:¦*¦•
PORT -BLAKELKT — Sailed " July • 10— Ship
Henry Falling. t for. Sydney.
•'¦ " — : — : — * * ' — ' — '. '¦ ' -.. ¦ ¦
The valley of the Amazon still remains
almost, unexplored. \
" ¦. ¦ v ¦ ¦ ¦ ' . I
Late Shipping Intelligence.
The Board of Bank Commissioners Is
sued a license yesterday for the establish
ment of a commercial bank at Comptoni
The new institution is capitalized at $23,^
000. which is fully subscribed and half of
which is already paid in. J.; J. Harshman
has been elected president and E. E. El
liott cashier. . . ~
Issues License for New Bank.
LOS ANGELES, July 10.— Despondent
because of continued 111 health, J. O. Da
vis, a mail carrier, shot himself to-day
while lying in bed In his room. on South
Grand avenue. Davis was an Englishman
and recently returned from England after
visiting* his " relatives there. . His record
at the postoffice was excellent and no rea
son for his self-destruction is known other
than ill health. ¦"-' }
Despondency Leads to ; Suicide.
Rights of .Way for New Road.
STOCKTON. July lO.-The work of se-
curing rights of way between Stockton
and Sacramento for the Western Pacific
Railway is proceeding, and; H.H. Grif
fiths, right of way agent, is meeting with
success. There Is a possibility, however,
that one or two ; condemnation i suits ' for
small rights may have to be brought.
Fred M. West, one of the directors of
the company, said to-day .that just as
soon as the rights were secured opera
tions would begin at once. \.
The first annual competition for .the
Thomas H. B. Varney trophy by the As
sociated Cycling clubs will be run over
the regular 100-mile relay course around
the bay on Sunday, July 26., The start
will be made , at Tenth and 'Market
streets at 9 a. m. It will be a relay race
and all kinds of pacing machines will be
allowed. A large number of entries is
expected from all the clubs.
Cyclers Will Bace.
LOS ANGELES, July 10.— Advices from
Altar, Sonora, Mexico, have reached here
to the effect that Newton Is on
trial before Judge Guajardo on the charge
of having murdered Anton Swenson, his
partner in mining enterprises.' Brown and
Swenson were Los Angeles men,- the lat
ter being a prominent contractor. The
trial will last several days longer. Brown
had a preliminary trial before Judge
Rendon at Altar, but was discharged.
Subsequently he was rearrested, and upon
request the case was taken before Judge
Guajardo. At the conclusion of the hear
ing the finding will be sent to the high
court at Hermosillo for review.
iccuse Him of Having Killed An
ton Swenson, His Partner in
Mining Enterprises. .
MEXICAN AUTHORITIES
TRY BROWN FOR MURDER
Following up the crusade inaugurated
by the Board, of Health against dealers
In adulterated milk, Inspector William C.
Hassler .,,. secured warrants from Police
Judge Fritz yesterday for the arrest of
H. Newman of the Marin dairy, J. Ken
nel of the New Boss dairy. J. . Furrer of
the Six-Mile dairy, H. Llchtenstein of
the Popular dairy, B. Miller of the Colma
Ranch dairy, Charles Clarke of ( Clarke's
bakery, 612 Kearny street: G. Battistessa
of the New. Buon Gousti restaurant, 522
Broadway, and I. M. Icarde of the New
Popular restaurant. 117 Third street.
i Inspector William Robertson also se
cured warrants from Police Judge Conlan
for the arrest of G. W. Richards, restau
rant-keeper, 321 Fourth street;. R. Iklda,
restaurant-keeper, j 154 Second street, and
J. Mltanl, restaurant-keeper, 1 G02 Mission
street. They were all arrested and re
leased on cash bail.
ACCUSED I OF DEALING
IN ADULTERATED MILK
Eleven Arrests Are Made on Coxn
pl-.int of Board of Health
Inspectors.
A meeting of the members of the Re
publican Mutual Alliance Club was held
last evening in Union Square' Hall, 421
Post street. The meeting was called at
the request of County CommJtteeman
Patrick Walsh for the purpose of preparing
and signing a petition to be presented to
the Board of Election Commissioners re
questing that an equal number of dele
gates be appointed from each Assembdly
district. The meeting was called to order
by Patrick Walsh, and upon the motion
of L. Klrschbaum Senator H. V. More
hou.se was appointed permanent chair
man and W. H.- Schuman secretary. Sen
ator Morehouse made a very enthusias
tic speech, followed by an address by
Colonel T. V. Eddy, who spoke on the
advisability of signing the petition. The
meeting adjourned to meet again Wed
nesday evening, July 29.
Republicans Sign Petition.
Coroner's Jury Justifies Killing.
PLACERVILLK. July 10.— The case of
Dick Long, who died on the night of July
6 from wounds received In an altercation
with John Askew near Eldorado, In this
county, has been the subject of inquiry
by the Coroner. The jury returned a ver
dict to-night to justifiable homicide. The
testimony showed that Long was the ag
gressor and that Askew struck him in
eelf-defense.
OAKLAND, July lO.-Benjamin F. Boyn
ton. 17 years of age, was remanded to
day Into the charge of Probation Officer
Kzra Decota lor one "year by Judge Mel-
Yin. Boynton is charged by A. W. Ram-
Fey with having stolen two of his horses
last April. , r :C
Is Out on Probation.
Three fraternities will change their places
of residence for the fall term. The new Phi
Kappa Sl&mas, formerly of 1918 University
avenue, will take the Letter residence at Ells
worth street and Bancroft way; the Delta Un.
silons will leave the old Phi Sigma Delta house
for a handsome home at 2C9I Durant avenue
Just vacated by the Kappa Kappa Gamma so
££&*'• whlch wU1 g0 t0 the Anthony home at
2600 Bancroft way.
Professor Charles E. Hennet gave a series
of Latin readings last night before an audience
of summer school students. Selected passages
were read from the Aeneld and Horace.
BERKELEY. July 10.— Allan F. Matthew '03
has been appointed instructor in military tac
tics at St. Matthew's School in San Mateo
County. Matthew was one of those appointed
a major of the cadet regiment after the last
competitive examinations. . .
Death cf First Settler in Pomona.
POMONA. July 10.— Garrett V. Brand,
the first settler in what is now Pomona
City, died here to-day at the age of 75
years. He had been ill with Brlght's dis
ease for a long time. Brand had some un
usual experiences in his lifetime. He was
a student in William It Seward's law of
fice in Auburn, N. Y.. when a young
man, and carried private letters to Abra
ham Lincoln from Seward when the for
mer was a candidate for President. Prior
to that time he was a member of 'Wal
ker's two first filibustering expeditions
into Nicaragua and once after court-mar
tial would have been executed in Nicar
agua but for the intervention of Presi
dent Buchanan. He was one of the first
white men that lived in Spokane, Wash.,
and his was the pioneer sawmill In that
part of Washington.
OAKLAND. July 10.— Dana Harmon,
one of the best known mining engineers
of California and Nevada, died suddenly
to-day at his new home. 1263 Harrison
street, heart trouble being the primary
cause. His wife and family are in tho
Santa Cruz Mountains and Mr. Harmon
had come to Oakland to prepare a n«»w
house for their return. He was a native
of Louisiana and came to California In
1S34 and did much work in the mines of
Virginia City.
Mining Engineer Dies.
- The Mayor said he took the position
that public necessity demanded the oper
ation of the telephone system: that it
could not be properly operated unless the
company could ' keep linemen at work;
that the employes • now in the service
would not work without police protection;
that while there was no evidence that
strikers had assaulted these men, there
was danger of disturbances unless protec
tion were given.
City Engineer Turner and City Attor
ney McElroy were present during the
meeting. but,.Mayor Olney, under the
powers conferred by the city charter,
took full responsibility for his decision
upon himself alone. He announced that
he would keep the police on duty, but
would withdraw them if it were shown to
him during the next few days that all
danger of molestation of telephone com
pany employes had passed.
The Mayor declined to listen to* an at
torney for the linemen, preferring to hear
from the immediate representatives. Ed
Davis, for the strikers, said the linemen
had not assaulted any of the company's
men, and E. W. Petry, for the Federated
Trades, reasserted the argument that po
lice protection was unnecessary. J. P.
Burke of the Laborers' Piotectlve Union,
who was recently beaten at Berkeley by
George and William Schmidt, contractors,
made a demand for personal protection,
and denounced his Honor because Mayor
Olney said Burke's case was not in line
with that under discussion.
• Robert Flemming. superintendent of con
struction of the telephone company, and
Eugene J. Ellis, manager of the Alameda
County department, cUed instances
where striking linemen had been abusive,
to the point of much vulgarity, to em
ployes, and declared that in one case an
arrest had been prevented only by the
flight of .a striker.
The chief contention of the strikers'
representatives was that the police guard
was a reflection on the men as law-abid
ing citizens.
When he gave his decision, the Mayor
said:
"This police guard was established as a
precautionary measure. It Is necessary
to prevent violence that the telephone
system shall be kept in working order.
While there is no evidence that the strik
ers have been violent, the fact remains
that without police protection employes
of the telephone company are in danger.
I have no doubt of the ability of Mr!
Davis to control his men. but he cannot
handle outsiders. I shall be only too glad
to order off the' police as soon as U Is
shown to me that need for Ihe guard is
unnecessary and that depends upon the
action of the men during the next few
days."
With that the conference adjourned.
Oakland OfficeSan Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. July 10.
After a conference to-night with repre
sentatives of the Federated Trades and
the striking telephone company linemen.
Mayor Warren Olney denied their request
that police protection be withdrawn from,
working employes of the telephone com
pany. . ~ w • - :
OAKLAND. July 10.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Frank V. Gowan.
21. and Ethel Pretorious. IS. both of San
Francisco; Roland T.. Rasmussen. 23, and
S. LJnmore Brown. 10. both of Oakland;
George W. Bosworth. 2S. and Dina Rant
zau. 30, both of San Francisco; Bennle
Carter. San Francisco. 21. and Alice
Flynn. Oakland. 24; Harry F. Lindsay,
San Francisco, 24. and Florence Hlne,
New York. 22.
Marriage Licenses.
Mayor Olney Decides
Against Striking
• Linemen.
Mrs. Sadie Arthur. 47 years of age. who
resides with her daughter and son at <£1
IV «t street, died suddenly in the parlor
at hnr ttsidence shortly before midnight
last evening, while entertaining some
friends. *
While seated at the piano. Mrs. Arthur
was suddenly stricken with severe pairs in
the head. Stating tr, her friends that«^he
was suffering she staggered to her feet,
but immediately fell to the floor dead. •
Mrs. Arthur's daughter, a young woman
of 1R years, was visiting Fome friends in
another portion of the city, when she
FuddenJy seized her hat and. stating that
something had happened to her mother,
rushed from the house and to her home,
where she found her mother dead.
Miss Arthur became very hysterical and
is in a serious condition.
SUDDENLY DIES WHILE
ENTERTAINING FRIENDS
Mrs. Arthur Succumbs in Presence
of Guests and Daughter Has
Intuition of Accident.
POLICE GUARD
WILL REMAIN
OAKLAND. July 10.-A general denial
of the fact that Walter M. Bishop, bet
ter known as Morosco. ever offered Wil
lard P. Crackles $10,000 to live with him
as a companion at his home near San
Leandro was filed by the executor of Mo
rosco's estate to-day. Crackles Is Id
years of age, and .alleges^ through hla
guardian that Morosco promised him a
home and $10,000 to start him in life. Five
months after the alleged agreement had
been entered into Morosco died, and suit
has been brought against the estate in
the interest of the child for the $10,000. .
Sues for Competence.
POPULAR YOUNG BRIDE WHO
IS CRITICALLY ILL AT THE
WALDECK.
These stories are of high literary merit
and • are commentaries upon his whole-
The body was afterward removed to the
Morgue, where an Inquest will be held
Monday.
Will Allen was well liked among the
newspaper fraternity, in fact, among all
people who came into touch with him.
Ills courage under the most trying of af
fliction—almost total blindness— was his
most endearing quality. He groped his
way about the world, led often by the
hands of his friends, struggling for the
support of himself and the partial sup
port of his aged parents. The certainty
that the affection of the retina from
which he suffered was slowly but surely
darkening the world to him did not stifle
his naturally hopeful disposition and he
was constantly dreaming of the time
when his genius as a story writer would
lift him out of the daily grind of news
paper work. • ¦.
Only a moment before his fatal fall he
was talking hopefully of some children's
stories he proposed to send to an Eastern
publication. He had promised to read
these stories last night to a few of his
literary friends, but the trip to Oakland
was proposed and the reading was post
poned to another time. '
STORIES ARE OF .MERIT.
Allen's friends hurried back to find him,
expecting only to see his dead .body. He
was alive, however, but unconscious. The
next car returning to Oakland was hailed
and the broken body of the unfortunate
young man taken to the Receiving Hos
pital.
An examination at the hospital revealed
a great gash on the forehead and the left
elbow, besides minor bruises and evidence
of internal Injury. Steward 'Borchert
dressed the wounds, but it was patent
the victim could not recover and he pass
ed away at 9 o'clock this morning without
regaining complete consciousness. In one
or two lucid moments he tried to speak,
but could not.
The motorman had looked around to
see if the passenger was safe and found
him missing.
FRIENDS HURRY BACK.
a Telegraph-avenue electric car
near Idora Park at 1:30 o'clock this morn
ing and sustained injuries from which he
died at the Oakland Receiving Hospital.
No one saw Allen fall from the car. He
was returning from Oakland on the last
car with two friends after doing some
work for the Oakland Tribune. They oc
cupied a seat on the right-hand side of
the front part of the car. Just after pass-
Ing Idora Park Allen said something about,
the wind being too strong to light -a
cigarette and started for the near plat
form, where It was more sheltered.
As Allen was afflicted with an affection
of the eyes, he felt his way along the
seats and stanchions. His friends watch
ed him until he reached. the platform in
safety and then paid no more attention,
thinking he was engaged lighting his
cigarette. A moment or two later, how
ever, they were brought to a realization
of an accident by the sudden stopping' of
the car and the exclamation of the motor
man, who shouted:
"That fellow has fallen off the car."
BERKELEY, July 10.— William I.
Allen, a young man well known
among the newspaper fraternlty
and university students, fell from
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
¦ An autopsy was held this afternoon by
Dr. O. D. Hamlln. assisted by Drs. Mil
ton, Roinle. Curdts and Kltchlngs. The
result showed a bad fracture of the skull
and heavy interior hemorrhage.
The funeral will be held at 2:30 p. m.
Sunday from Albert Brown's funeral par
lors. ¦ , ¦
In the classroom studies he was among
the first students. He had a keen mind
for mathematics, logic and philosophy
and was highly praised by his teachers.
Professor Chauncey W. Wells of the Eng
lish department complimented him for
the humor and originality he incorporat
ed into his stories and advised him to
adopt a literary career.
Allen was 28 years of age and a native
of Oakland. His parents are Mr. and
Mrs. W. J. Allen of Palo Alto, where he
spent a few months as a student at Stan
ford University. Mrs. Warren T. Clark,
wife of the entomologist at the University
of California, was his sister.
While a student at the University of
California Allen took a place among the
leaders in all affairs affecting the stu
dents. He was offered the editorship of
the Blue and Gold that was published by
the class of 1903, of which he was a mem
ber, but declined the honor on account of
his infirmity. He was, however, one of
the staff editors.
some character, for he reports in them
the doings and sayings of the score or so
of children he was . pleased to number
among his friends. His adult friends pur
pose publishing these works.
YOUNG NEWSPAPER MAN OF BERKELEY WHO MET AN UNTIMELY
DEATH THROUGH FALLING FROM A TELEGRAPH AVENUE
ELECTRIC CAR ON THURSDAY NIGHT. ' . <
The first conviction under the recent or
dinance making it a misdemeanor to play
poker in public places or barrooms was
had in Police Judge Fritz's court yes
terday. The defendants were A. Poppen
berg, keeper of the rooms at 127 Mason
street, and J. Lublander, . Harry • Nelson,
R. H. Rase, William Cummlng.' John Del
pin and George W. Joyce, visitors. They
were ordered to appear for sentence next
Friday.
The! arresting officers testified that they
visitch the rooms and found the entrance
door wide open. They were in plain
clothes and had no difficulty in finding a
table. They sat down and played poker
till the arrests were made. People came
and went without any question. There
was no doorkeeper.
Poppenberg said it was an Incorporated
club and the doorkeeper happened to be
absent When the officers were there, but
the Judge ruled that It was to allintcnts
and purposes a public place.
Police Judge Fritz Decides That A.
Poppenberg's Is a Pub
lic Place.
She was operated on for ap
pendicitis last Sunday and her condition
last night was critlqal. Her relatives and
friends are anxiously awaiting the out
come of the operation and are hopeful of
her recovery. Her young husband is in
consolable.
Her illness is the sad ending of a happy
honeymoon. Four months ago Miss.Dor
othy Clalr Heyneman, daughter of Her
man Heyneman. the well . known cigar
manufacturer, was a belle in society
circles and her marriage to Leon Sig
mund Greenebaum, / son of Sigmund
Greenebaum, manager of the London,
Paris and American Bank,' was an event
in society circles. The wedding was at
tended by the best people in the city and
the gifts showered on the young people
were numerous and costly. •
They departed on their honeymoon with
the blessings and well wishes of their
relatives and many friends. The honey
moon was cut short by reason of the
young wife's illness and the couple re
turned hurriedly to the city. It was
thought that Mrs. Greenobaum's illness
was not serious, but her condition grew
worse. It was deemed advisable to. ope
rate upon her Immediately, for-appendi
citis and she was removed to the Waldeck
Hospital last Saturday. Preparations for
the operation were made and on Sunday
Dr. Huntington performed the. operation.
The doctors have slight hope for. her
recovery. .
POKER PLAYERS CONVICTED
UNDER RECENT ORDINANCE
•rr« «ry RS. LEON SIGMUND GREENE
/WAI baum> a bride of four months,
II \j \\ ls lylng at the point of death
¦^ * -^ in the Waldeck Sanatorium.
The portion that is uncompleted
stretches 150 feet from the west end of
the drive and abuts the rock fill made to
brace the dam. Because of the mud there
was a settling of the fill, and City En
gineer Turner has recommended that the
construction work be delayed until the
Fettling process has stopped. The con
tract price, J36.500. will be exceeded $1500
for extra material that was required.
To protect their contract the Hutchln-
Bon-Ransome Company has asked an ex
tension of time for forty-five days to
complete the work.
OAKLAND. July 10.— With the excep
tion of a portion of the north side fill
i!ong Lake Merritt the reconstruction of
:he Tweifth-Ftreet dam has been com
pleted. The roadway has been widened
to 100 feet. On the north side is a side
walk twelve feet wide and a bicycle path
seven feet wide. Along the south side a
twelve-foot sidewalk has been construct,
ed. On each side of the new waterway
at the east approach to the driveway an
ornamental granite coping, with iron
fence surmounting it. ha3 been installed.
The main drive, sixty-four feet wide, is
macadamized its lull width, with ample
ppace each eide of the car tracks for
vehicles.
TWELFTH-STREET DAM
IS ABOUT COMPLETED
Extensive Improvements Made on
Main Thoroughfare Between East
Oakland and City's Center.
The children are in charge of Mrs. Ag
nes Sljeppard. superintendent of Christ's
Home for the Poor and Xeedy. Jorgen
sen sent a Mrs. Hansen to the home yes
terday with an order for the children. It
was not recognized, and he has instructed
his attorneys to take such action as may
be necessary to recoVer them. It is be
lieved that there will be no contest over
the matter.
OAKLAND, July 10.— Julius Jorgensen,
the absconding Danish bank clerk, who
has been confined in the County Jail here
since May 20, has hopes that he will gain,
his release by the 13th. He says his law
yers have arranged that the Denmark
bankers by whom he was employed have
agreed to withdraw their complaint if
the stolen money Is refunded. This, ho
states, his friends will replace. His two
children must go back to their mother,
this pursuant to an agreement with tha
Danish Consul.
Absconding Bank Clerk Believes Cast
Ha- Been Compromised — Chil
dren Must Go Back.
JOHGENSEN SAYS HE
WILL SOON BE FREE
After Miss Beyland was safely en
sconced in her room Sellers summoned
the Rev. P. F. Bresee to perform the de
layed' ceremony. Then he went to the
house of "Cupid" Kutz and for a liberal
consideration induced veteran Eros to go
to the courthouse and issue a marriage
license. While approaching his rooni on
the third floor of the Van Nuys Sellers
met Brother Beyland, who was in a fu
rious mood. Detective Mclntyre says of
the ensuing altercation:
"I reached the hall in time to see Bey
land grapple with Sellers. He was en
deavoring to wrench the marriage license
from Sellers' hand. I ran up just as Bey
land reached for his back pocket and I
grasped his hand Just as It closed on a re
volver. Beyland cried, 'Police,' and made
a great racket. The porters and clerks
rushed In and separated us and Beyland
went away."
At 8:30 o'clock Sellers and Miss Bey
land were married and left the city last
evening. They will proceed to , Knoxville
to receive thg Judge's blessing and pos
sibly Papa Beyland's forgiveness. Sellers
is 23 years of age and a handsome youth.
His bride Is a beautiful brunette of 20.
LOS ANGELES. July 10.— Having fol
lowed the girl of hfs choice all the way
from Kncxville'to Los Angeles, whither
she had been brought by relatives who
opposed her marriage, R. E. Lee Sellers
found her here, braved her relatives and,
despite the fact that her brother made a
gun play, married the girl and is now
speeding' eastward to secure parental for
.giveness from those she left at home.
The groom is a son of Judge W. M. Sel
lers of the Criminal Court of lvnox Coun
ty. Tennessee, and the bride the daughter
of Superintendent Beyland of the Knox
vllle Iron Company. The objec
tions to Sellers- on the part of
the girl's relatives do not appear,
but learning that she had promised to
marry him her parents sent her away in
charge of a brother and other relatives
without Sellers knowing whither she had
gone. She attempted to write to him, but
her letters were intercepted and he re
ceived no news from her. He engaged a
detective and -the sleuth learned where
the girl had been taken. Then Sellers
told his father of the matter.
"Father handed me $1000 in cash and
told me to find her if I could and marry
her hi desired," said Sellers last night
after the wedding. He traced the girl
and her custodians to Chicago. Kansas
City. Salt, Lake. San Francisco and final
ly to Los Angeles. He was accompanied
by a Knoxville detective named Mclntyre
and, although they searched several days,
they had almost given up hope of find
ing the gjrl.
Detective Mclntyre finally found the
persons sought had been living at 718 1 ,*
Ruth avenue, but had removed yesterday
morning. He found the girl's brother was
working in the machine department of
the Pacific Electric Railway Company,
and he shadowed the young man to 806
Hill street. Through a young woman who
had grown friendly to . Miss Beyland it
was ascertained that the girl was work
ing at the Broadway,- department store,
and there young Sellers found her just
as the store was closing. It was a happy
reunion. The girl agreed to an immedi
ate marriage and her lover took her to
the Van Nuys Hotel, where she registered
as Minnie Sullins and secured room 520.
Meantime Mclntyre kept waich on the
brother to see if he got wlmT of the af
fair.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Traces Girl' of His Choice to
Los Angeles and Weds
Under Difficulties.
Tennessee Lover Laughs
at Wrath of Bride's
Joseph Demello. who was injured in
ihe powder explosion at Pinole Thurs
day, died at the Lane hospital last
•ven'.ng. Demello was burned severely
sbout the body. He was single. 25 years of
lge and a resident of Santa Cruz.
The other victims are reported to be
toward recovery at Lane Hos
pital. San Francisco. Miss Mary Ma
guire's injuries turned cut not to be a*
serious as at first reported and she will
recover. Demello and Berryman are get
:ing over their burns and bruises, too.
and will soon be back at work.
The funeral of Miss Man' Woods, who
was the only one killed in the explosion,
will b«» held to-morrow afternoon from
the residence of her brother. Lester
Woods of Pinole.
riNOLE. July 13.— Nothing new regard
ing the cause of the explosion in the
cartridge factory of the California Pow
der Works was brought out by an in
vestigation which Coroner Curry made
at the wrecked promises to-day. The the
ory of John Bermingham Jr.. superintend
?nt of the plant, that a nail in an empty
fhell struck a percussion cap and ignited
:he powder is generally considered to be
rorrect. Coroner Curry has summoned
Superintendent Bermingham and the em
ployes of the factory who were at work
when the explosion occurred to attend the
inquest next Tuesday.
The police say Gannon served a sen
tence in the City Prison in March. 1S37,
for stealing lumber from the liumboldt
Lumber Company.
Chief of Police John Conrad of Ala
meda sent word to. police . headquarters
to-day that Gannon was wanted in the
Knclnal City for the burglary of Mrs.
Wagner's, residence on Alameda avenue,
from which a quantity of clothing was
stolen three days ago.
Gannon was traced through the city to
a second-hand shop, where the stolen
mandolin was recovered. After the driv
er's arrest he was identified as the man
who sold the mandolin and Mrs. Crosby's
neighbors declared they saw him leave
the house with the instrument. • "• \ '
George. T. Gannon; a driver for th«
Alameda Dye Works, with a penchant for
musical instruments, is under arrest at
the City Prison on a charge of theft, with
suspicion pointing against him for a bur
glary In Alameda several days ago.
Mrs. M. G. Crosby, residing at SIT
Union street, charges that Gannon, who
had called at her residence yesterday to
deliver some clothing, took advantage of
his presence there to steal a valuable
mandolin that was left on a chair in tha
hall. : V-
Oakland Offlce San FrancLsco Call.
U1S Broadway. July 10.
Wounded Victims Progress
Toward Recovery in
Lane Hospital.
Assert He Stole Musical In
strument and Clothes
From Patron3.
? •
This Theory for Powder
Explosion Generally
Accepted.
Police Take Dye Works 1
Wagon-Driver Into
Custody.
William J. Allen, Who Was Well Known in News
paper Circles and. Among University Students,
Meets Death While on Way to His Home
Mrs. Leon Sigmund Greenebaum Is Operated On for
Appendicitis at Waldeck Hospital and Slight
Hope Is Given. by Physicians for Her Recovery
CLAIM GANNON
LOOTED HOMES
BRAVES BROTHER
AND A REVOLVER
ROME, July 11, 9 a. m.-j-A. med
ical bulletin regarding the condition
of the Fope has just been issued. ] It
says:
"During the night his Holiness
rested at intervals. His pulse is 90
and has shown no diversity since
last night in strength and resistance.
His respiration is 30 and his tem
perature 36 centigrade. Functions
of the kidneys are still deficient. His
general condition, however,, is fairly
easy. • , • "MAZZONI."
« "LAPFONI."
SERIOUS ILLNESS OF THE BRIDE
CUTS SHORT A HAPPY HONEYMOON
AFFLICTED YOUNG MAN PLUNGES
TO HIS END FROM SPEEDING CAR
AGREE THAT NAIL
CAUSED DISASTER
Agend Pontiff
Shows Signs
of Improving
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, JfATUKDAY, JULY 11, 1903.
10
Notice to Subscribers!
We take pleasure in notifying our pa-
trons who are going to the country for the
summer months that THE CALL can be
served to them at ANY POINT either by
mail or through local carriers.
Give address ¦ to your carrier or any
branch office and prompt service will.be
made.
AD VERTISEMEN T S.
Hn <fSU *C9^ YV/jS
I Mrs. Hughson, of Chicago, §
whose letter follows, is another
woman in high position who
owes her health to Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
"Money seemed but poor and pal-
try -compared to health, and yet a
few dollars invested in L.y<lia "*%.
Plnkham's Vegetable Compound
brought m<? good health. I suffered
for several years -with general weak-
ness and bearinff-down pains, cansed
by womb trouble. 3Iy appetite was
frightful, and 'I would lie awake f^r
hoars, and could not sleep, until 7
seemed more weary in the morning
than when I retired. After reading
one of its advertisements I decided to
try the merits of L. ydia, E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound, an' 1 .
I am so glad I did. No one can in-
scribe the good it did me. I took th^ 0 *
bottles faithfully, and besides build-
ing up my general health, it drove all
disease and poison out of mv body,
and made mv feel as spry and acti»«*
as a young 1 girl. Mrs. Pinkham's medi-
cines arc certainly all they are clahred
to be."— Mns. M. E. Hcgusox, 347 v,.
Ohio St., Chicago, 111. — fsoco forfeit if
origlna! of cbove Izitsr proving genuineness ccnr.ot
be produced.
If the slightest trouble appears
which yo;_i do not understand,
write to ?-Frs. Pink ham at Lynn.
Mass., for lier advice, and a few
timely words from her will shov
you the rirht thlnpr to do. This
advice costs nothing hut it mar
mean life or happiness or both*The scarcity of , good, large fat Hogs Is be
coming more pronounced and the packers are
paying tifec for the few that are coming in.
But such Hogs are so scarce that this quota
tion is more or less nominal. Small, lean Hogs
are in ample supply and unchanged.
DRE6SED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6%07%c for Steers and 5%86%c per
lb for Cows. .
VEAI^— Large. 768c; small. 0©9 %e per lb.
I MUTTON— Wethers. 869c: Ewea. S©S%o
per lb.
LAMB— Spring. lOQIOKc per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hoes. 8%®9%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The* following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less iy
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 8@t>c; Cow s and Heifers.
76 Sc; thin Cows, 4G5c Per lb.
CALVE3 — *@5%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 4c; Ewes. 3%©3%c per lb
(gross weight).
LAMBS— Spring. S2 75©3 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs, 6UG3%c;
under 140 lbs, 6Wwuc; Sows, 20 per cent uff;
Boars, 60 per cent off. and Stags, 10 per cent
off from above quotations.
Poultry -and Game.
Recelpts of domestic Poultry were moderate,
and as there was no Western offering, every
thing cleaned up well at steady prices. Fine
large young fowls, particularly, were firm, the
demand being brisk and receipts light. Hare
and Rabbits were In light receipt and un-
C POULTRY — Live Turkeys, nominal; Geese,
per pair.' $101 25; Goslings. $10125; Ducks.
£3 60©4 60 per doten for old and t4®5 for
young; Hens, $4 60@5 60; young Rocsters. t$Q
10- old Roosters. $4 6005 60; Fryers. $4 60e«;
Broilers $3 50® 4 for large and $2 6003 for
small: Pigeons. $1 6001.75 per down for old
and $1 75 for squabs. . .
GAME — Rabbits. $1 25@1 60 per ' dozen;
Hare. 75c<8$L '
Dealers, almost without exeeotkm. ar* «uu»t-
Butter j Cheese and Eggs.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags continue to decline, and
those who try to sell have to accept what buy.
en choose to give. One small lot sold down to
$4 80. Grain Bags, $4 85©5; San Quentln,
6.65c; Wool Bags. 32@35c; Fleece Twine. 7H©
8c; Cotton Fruit Bags; 6 He. 6%c and 7 He for
the three grades. .
COAL — Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling,
ton, $8; Seattle, $8 60; Bryant. (6 60: Roclyn.
$7; Coos Bay, $5 50; Greta. $7: Wallwjd,
*7 BO: Richmond. 17 bo : Cumberland. $13 la
Continued on Page Thirtaea.
Both domestic and sterling exchange are
weak, with the banks shading the Quoted
rates.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — . $4 ggi/
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87%
1 Sterling Exchange, cables. — . 4 88%
New York Exchange, sight.... — / $21!
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 05
Silver, per ounce — 53
Mexican Dollars, nominal .... — 41
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Chicago was higher, with the
crowd nervous over the Government report
which was expected to reduce previous estl
' mates, and lt did. It did not come out until
late in the afternoon, and showed a condition
of 78%c for Winter Wheat and 82%c for
Spring. These figures Indicate a crop of less
than 700,000,000 bushels, whereas a month or
so ago 750,000.000 bushels was expected Dur
ing the past day or two, however, the thresh
ing returns have been coming In so poorly that
the estimates had been cut to 715,000,000, so
the reDort was not a surprise and had been
largely discounted. Good outside buying kept
the market strong. Crop returns were poorer,
even from Kansas, which has heretofore been
making a .brilliant showing. The Missouri
millers are still complaining of the poor thresh
ing returns.
This market ruled ; firm, but quotations
showed no further advance. .•
New Wheat. $1 37%©1 42% for shipping and
$1 4fr@l 60 for milling: ¦
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 40@l 42% ; California
White Australian. $1 5001 62%; Northern
Club, $1400142%:. Northern t Blue Stem.
$1 48%®1 60; Oregon Valley. $1 47%.
• FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. ra.
Open. High. : Low. cio««
December .. M 38% \ $1 3«% $1 38% f 1 '-flT
, , 2 d. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close
December ...$1 39 $1 3» $1 39 . $1 s".'
BARLEY— The market was easier yester
day, and $1 05 . was about the top for any
Feed. The demand was also lighter.
CASH BARLEY. . ¦• • .
Feed. new,. $1 02%@l 05;' new shipping
and brewing. *1 12%@1 17%; -old brewing,
$1 15@1 20; Chevalier, $1; 16@1 30 for f»lr to
Exchange and Bullion.
NEW YORK. July 10. — The Stock Exchange
£i<i ac much business to-day in the first two
hours of the eefflon as was done during the en
tire ««;*!«» of the previous day, which was in
turn more than twice as much as the recent
dally everages. The revival of activity ha*
been ra the selling side of the market, and
yesterday'e wide Inroads on prices were added
to to-day. Owing to the late rally on the
' movement to co\ - er short sales, to-day's ex
trrme declines were, mitigated, the prominent
active ruwJcs closing *t recoveries of 1 to 1%
from the low point of the day. The movement
in New York Central continued to dominate
the whole market, and that stock's extreme
decline of 3% points was the most ct>n*lderab!e
'.r. the active list. The price touched 118 dur
ing the e.arly afternoon snd closed at 118 V*.
Quite a number of leading speculative stocks
wer« at one time from 2 to 3 points below last
night. Pt. Paul and United States Steel, the
latter at only a fractional decline, touched
lower prir.'K than before this year, and the
s»me »af true m a number of Inactive stocks.
Pennsylvania »oJd down to its previous low
record at 123. but enormous buying orders at
that level Ti-ere Immediately disclosed. There
*'»« no important new development to account
for the continued weakness of the market. It
«e« announced .on authority that whatever
plans were in contemplation for raising addi
tional canftat for New York Central, nothing
was likely to b* done until September. There
w*re e<3mi*xions as to the probability that the
great terminal construction contemplated by
the company would be done through the me
dium of a terminal company organized for the
purr***. But it was resllted that New York
Cer.trsl credit must be relied upon for' raising
the rr.oney. Th* continued stream of New York
Ctntral stock oomlnc ur>on the market was
sufficient of itffif to tr.ke away the effect of
disclaimers of a contemplated stock or bond
Issue. Stocks of the subsidiary Vanderbllt
crmpanies. n -hi. h are xeldotn dealt in. also suf
fered wide declines. Lake Erie and Western
preferred Incing 9 Cleveland. C. C. and St.
Louis and Peori* and Eastern 6% and Canada
Southern 2%. Chicago and Northwestern also
suffered a 2% point* decline, «nd the preferred
3. the latter with a recovery. There were other
notable declines among the high-grade in\'est
rnent stocks, such as New Jersey Central,
which lost «. Delaware and Hudson 5%. Lack
a wanna and American Ex]iresi 6 and Pullman
3?i. Tfee occasional rallies of the market tn-
O'-ated the large part played by professional
«hort-f*llnng in the weakness. But large
amounts of long stock were dislodged by the
bear tactics of the professional traders, and
•acb cucceetlve rally until the laet one was
New York Stock Market
PEACHES— Are in fair demand and rule
steady at 7®7%c for choice and 8@10%c for
fancy. . \
Vegetables were In ample supply and prices
fluctuated but little. There was a fair inquiry
for the best stock for shipment on the Sound
steamer. Some choice lots of Tomatoes and
Cucumbers in large open boxes sold above the
quoted rates. There were heavy receipts of
Corn In crates from Alameda, and prices had
a wider range owing to " the poor quality of
most of the offerings. Peas and Beans were
steady for the best stock, but poor stock
dragged. Green Peppers.. Egg Plant and Okra
were In ample supply and easy.
POTATOES — New White, 85cfjl$l 25 per ctl
In sacks and $1 2501 75 In boxes, with some
fancy higher; Early Rose. $1©1 10; Garnet
Chiles. $1 15@1 25; old Bur banks from Oregon,
$1 35<S"1 CO per ctl.
ONIONS— Red, 25@40c per sack; SUverskins,
60<?n0c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. $1@1 25 per
sock; crates from Alameda, $101 75; from
Berkeley. $1: Asparagus, $2 25 per box for ex
tra fancy, $1 75@2 for No. 1 and $1©1 SO for
No 2; Oreen Peas, 3ig5c per lb: String Beans,
3@5o.per lb; Wax, 3@5c: Tomatoes. 50@75c for
small boxes and $1 50©2 for large boxes from
the river; crates from Los Angeles, K5c@
$1; Summer Squash, 75c@$l 25 per box; Cab
bage 75c@$l per ctl; Carrots, 75c@$l per tack;
Cucumbers. SOfiOOc per box for Marysvllle and
$101 25 for bay; Garlic. 2%@3Vic per lb; Dried
Peppers. 6c pej- lb; Green Peppers. $1@1 25 per
box; Green Okra. 15c per lb; Egg Plant.
4<SGc per lb. .
New Potatoes arrived freely, but prices of
whites were well maintained, there being a
good demand for choice stock In boxes for
shipment to Puget Sound and Alaska. Garnet
Chiles were offering freely at easier rates.
Old Burbankfl were quoted lower, but trade
was fairly active at the revised prices. Onions
were abundant and generally easy. Red are
becoming very poor and will soon be out of
the market. • . -
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Salted Veal and Kip are firmer. The trade
reports a brisk demand for Pelts, particularly
Mink.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. 10%c; medium. 9%c; light. 8%c; Cow
Hides. SHc for heavy and S*Je for Heht: Sta»s.
7c; Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal, 10c;
Salted Ca.t. 10%c; dry Hides. 17c; dry Kip.
14c; dry Calf. 19c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 25^
30c each; short wool. 40-tfcSe each; medium.
70-a90c; long wool, $101 60 each; Horse Hides,
salt. $2 76 for large and $2 5<\ for medium, $2
for small and 60c for Colts: Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium. $1@1 23
for small and 60c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican, 32 %c; dry salted Mexican, 26c; dry
Central American, 33c. Goat! Skins— Prime
Angoras. 75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium.
35c; small. 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 5©."»%c per lb:
No. 2, 4%@4%c; grease. 2%©3%c.
WOOL — Fall clip — Man Joaquin Lambs'. 09
lie. Quotations for spring clip are as foilows:
Humboldt and Mendoclno. lSrg-jOc; Fcothill.
defective. ll@.13c; Nevada, ii!iJ15c; San Joa
quin, detective, 0@llc per lb; Southern, w-f
lie; Valley Oregon, fine, 17*j!lSc; do, medium.
16@17c; do, coarse, 15016c; Lambs', 15c
per pound.
HOPS— 18®20c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Beans continue quiet, and there are no fur
ther chances in Se,eds.
BEANS — Hayos. $3 60®3 70: Pea. $3 25@3 60;
Butters, $3 25; small White, $3 154i:t 30; large
White. $2 P0iJ3 15: Pink. $2 83-B3 10; Red
$2 90®3: Lima. $.1 45©3 60; Red Kidneys, nom
inal: HIackeye, $2 50® 3 per ctl; Horse Beans.,
$1 25® I 35.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, $3@4: Flax, $1 90@2; Canary. 5%c for
Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 1%®2%c;
Timothy. 6@6%c; Hemp, 3tf@3%c per lb; Mil
let, 3©3%c: Broom Ccrn Seed, $18@20 per ton.
DRIED PEAS — Nominal— none here.
Beans and Seeds.
EASTERN MARKETS.
LONDON. July 10. — Consols. 92%; silver,
24 7-l«d; French rentes. 97f 85c; wheat car
goes on passage, firm but not active; English
country markets, steady: Indian shipments of
wheat to United Kingdom, 125,000; Indian
shipments of wheat to Continent .13 000
LIVERPOOL. July 10. — Wheat quiet- No
1 Standard California. Us 6%d@(is 7d; wheat in
Paris, quiet: flour in Paris, dull; French
country market.*! steady; weather in England
fine.
COTTON — Uplands, C.50d.
Foreign Markets.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA, Wash.. July 10. — Wheat un
changed. Bluestem, S2c; club, 78c.
PORTLAND. Ore., July 10.— Wheat— Walla
Walla, 75@7Cc; bluestem, SOc; valley, 7S(87!)c.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. July 10.— Clearings *52.$ 5S0
balances ?71,fK)0.
TACOMA. July 10.— Clearings. $204,375- bal
ance*. $2!),4S4
SEATTLK— July 10.— Clearing? 575 720- bal.
ances. $»7..".S9.
SPOKANK. July 10.— Clearings $332,620
balances, $33,304.
Northern Business.
All quotations remain undisturbed. Bran
and Middlings are eteady. and the Hay mer
chants are still complaining of the scarcity of
cars. Still, receipts are by no means small.
URAN — SS4O20 per ton. . >
MIDDLINGS— $27 tfSO p«r ton.
SHORTS — $245} 25 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $22<S23 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26@26 50;
Jobbing, $27^27 50; Cocoanut Cake, $20ig21;
Corn Meal. $27 50®2S 60; Cracked Corn.
528 60329 50; Mixed Feed. $22ig-'3; Horse
Beans. $30 per ton.
NEW HAY— Wheat. $10012 50; Wheat
and Oat. $9 60®ll; Oat. $8 50@12: Barley.
$S 50i@10 50; Clover. $'.»'« 10; Stock. $7 50Q8 50;
Alfalfa. $S@1O per ton. «
STRAW— 35&t>0c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
COTTOLENF— One half barrel. 9%c; thre«
half barrels. 9?ic: one tierce. 9»>c; two tierces.
9%c; five tierces. 8%c per lb.
CUBED MEATS— Bacon. 12%c per lb for !
heavy. 13c for light medium. 15c for light. 15 %o
tot extra light. 17 %c for sugar-cured and l^c I
for extra sugar-cured: Eastern sugar-cured I
Hams 15%c; California Mams. 14%015c; Mess 1
Beef. $11 50(312 uer bbl; extra Mess. *12^ '
12 50; Family. $13 50; prime Mess Pork. $1U;
extra clear. *2«: Mes«. $18: Dry Salted Pork.
12%c; Pig Pork. $2J»; Pigs* Feet. $5 25; Smoked
Beef. 15c per lb. /
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7%c per lb for I
compound and 10» 4 c for pure: half barrels. |
pure. 10%c: 10-lb tips, llftc; 6-lb tins. HVc. •
3-lb tins, 11 %c. I !
Chicago was lower on the day. with a gooi"
many sellers and some outside liquidation. This
market was steady and unchanged. The Chi
cago letter of Bolton, De Ruyter & Co. said:
"The market is again heavy an>l lower. ! There
is no Improvement eli*ier in the cash demand
or In the character of speculative support. The
public is not in the market to any extent, and.
while packers would be glad to see a better
market, they have so far been unable to bring
it about. We see nothing in these conditions
on which to advise purchase of provisions."
Provisions.
LONDON, July 10.— The offerings at the
wool auction sales to-day numbered 1.1,39.1
bales, mainly crossbreds. Fine Merinos were
steady, - but heavy grades showed a decline of
fi per cent. Scoured sold freely to the home
trade and Germany, faulty at a decline ot .*»
per cent. Fine Good Hoi*> and Natal were in
good demand. Faulty snow whites were, cheap
er. Punta Arena grades were In active de
mand and sold well to France and Germany
at ',«®'/jd advance.
London Wool Sales.
. FLOUR — California Family Extras. $4 40&
4 65, usual terms: Uakers' Extras, ¦ $4 30a
$4 40; Oregon and Washington, $3 7004 per
bbl for Family and $3 70@4 20 for Bakers'
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Four, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye
Flour, $3 25; Rye Meal, $3; Rice Flour, $7;
Corn Meal, $3 26; extra cream do. $4; Oat
Groats, $4 60; Hominy. $4@4 25; Buckwheat
Flour. $4 50<tf4 75; Cracked Wheat. $8 50- Fa
rina. $4 25: Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50- Rolled
Oats, bbls. $6 75@S 60; in sacks, $6 25#S 10-
Pearl Barley. $5 50; Split Peas, boxes, $7 :
Green Peas, $5 60 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
The Fifteen-three Oil Company has levied
an assessment of 2 cents per sSare. delinquent
August 13; Sierra Nevada Mining Company
10c. and Exchequer 3c.
A. branch of the International Bank -and
Trust Company will be opened In this city on
August 1. with George A. Hill, recently of the-
City of Mexico, as manager, and Irving Lund
borg aa cashier. Mr. Lundborg has been with
the San Francisco National Bank and Its pre
decessor, the Sathtr Banking Company, for
the past fifteen years.
The National Bank of D. O. Mills & Co. of
Sacramento, the controlling interest in which
institution was bought last April by the Bank
of California, has declared a semi-annual divi
dend of 8 per cent for the six months ending
June 3O. The surplus and undivided profits
on that date amounted to $.T51.in:: 2ft. The cap
ital la $500.1100 and the surplus and undhrtded
profits are $351,103 2S.
The Contra Costa Water Company has de
clared a regular monthly dividend of 32 cents
per share, payable July 15.
The Port Co»ta Water Company will pay a
regular monthly dividend of 30 cents per
share on July 15.
The Paclfi" Coast Company has declared
regular dividends of IVi per cent on the first
and second preferred and common stocks all
payable on August 1.
, Stock and Bond Exchange.
FRIDAY. July 10— S p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
B«d. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s quar coup. — llHi|4s q c new.l!5Ul:?iU l
4s quar reg.lll iil*i.!.Ts quar coup.l08%lC9^
MISCELLANEOUS.
Ala A W 5s. — — Oak T «s... — 122
Bay C PC Bs — 105% Do 5s — —
C C" GAE 5s. — 107% Do con 0». — 105
C G & EG M . I Ocanic SCo5s — M
& C T 5s.. — 102% !Om G R 6s.l24 125
Cal-st. 6s — — Pac G Imp4s 98% 98
C C Wat 6*. — Utt P B Ry 6s. — 110
Ed L & P «s. — 12S*4 P A C R 6a. — —
F & Cl RCs.116% - IPiORk- —
Geary-st R5s — — Cowell-M fis. 118% —
H C &S5%s,102% — S.E GAR39. — 10S
H T A S 5s. - !>* ft F &SJV5S.12014121
Hon R T Lfis — 1«8 S R of C fta.UO —
L A Elec &». — — S P- of A 6s
L A Ry 5s. — 115 (190O) — 108%
L A L C Cs. — — (1910) 100 *109»i
Do »td r, a . — — S P of C ««
Do trtd Sn.lOfi — (19C5)Sr A. — 104*i
LA Plm5s.lO3%Ntf% (19«5)Sr B. — 103%
Markt-st C«s — — (l»0«) .... — 107%
Do 1 m5s.ll" — (1912) — 113*4
NRofC 6s. — lOftU S P C lcgSa. — 121
Do 5s — 121 Do stmpd.107% —
N P C RR5s. — 1<»% S P B R C«« — 14O
N C Ry 5s. — 114% S V Wat «s. — 107%
N C P 5s. 100 — Do 4s 2dm.lOO 10rt%
N S R 5».. — 100 Do 4s 3dm. — 10O
O G L C 5.1.110 — Stktn Gas «s — 102
Ok WCogtdSs — 10O U G S E 5s. — 107
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 59% 61 [Port Costa. . 64 MV,
Marin Co ... 60% — i Spring Val.. 84% 8»Hi ,
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 4% 4% Pac E O & R SO —
Eqult Gas... 4% — S F G Jfe E. «» 63%
Mutual E L. 11% 12 S F Gas :t 3%
Pac G Imp.. 54% 56 ;Stkn Gas .5 — '
Pac L Co.... 55% — IT G A E ... . 34% —
- TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F O & K. 6SVi CO}*
INSURANCE. ,
Flrem's Fnd. .. 350
• " BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk.*.125 — Lon P & A.1<W —
Anglo-Cal .. »4 IOO Mer Trust.. .200 23O
Bank of Cal.550 600 Mer Ex 65 75
C S D & T.142%1CO B F National — —
First Natinl —>• — •»
SAVINGS BANKS.
Or S & L.. . — 2275 [Eav A L So. - 105
Hum SAL.— — 4Sec Sav Bk 40G 500
Mut S Bank 05% — Union T. C.215O —
S F Sav U..600 750 I
STREET RAILROADS.
California...— 205 IPresldlo — 45
Geary — 60 I
POWDER.
Giant 72% 73H(Vlgorit — 5%
SUGAR.
Hana P Co.. COc 75c iKIlaue* S C. 5 8%
H C & S... 40 42% l Makawell 8.. — 25
Honokaa SOW 11 Onomea S C. — 24
Hutch S P C 129i — iPaauhau 3 C — M ,
The Stock and Bond Exchange has listed
$S,0«;0.C0O general mortgage and collateral
trust 5 per cent thirty-year bonds of th« Cal
ifornia Gas and Electric Corporation, which
were offered at $102 SO
There was some fluctuation In the gas stocks
yesterday. Gaa and Electric declined from $69
to $C7 75 and recovered to $60 25. Mutual
Electric was higher at $12. and th« Gaa Cer
tificates sold at $t;7 50. Hana Sugar was firm
er, selling up to 50c. The oil stocks wer« In
active.
Ex-dlvidend yesterday — First National Bank
of San Francl»co. semi-annual, at the rat* ot
10 per cent per annum, amounting to $75.
000: Giant Consolidated Powder Company, reg.
ular monthly 50c per share, amounting to" $10..
COO; California Wine Association. regular
monthly KOc per share, amounting to $17.
109 60; Chutes Company, regular monthly 5o
per share, amounting to $30u<>; the Debenture
Surety Company, monthly dividend of 5c; Cen
tral Eureka Mining Company, regular monthly
2c per share, amounting to $3000 payabla
July 9.
CHICAGO. July 10.— CATTLE — Receipts.
2r.W»; steady. Good to prime steers, $5!ff5 50;
poor to medium, 93'90{£4 IK); stockers and feed
ers. ?l 50^4 20; cows. $1 60®2; heifers, $2 2J&>
4 50; canners. $1 : t Qfi2 lo;. bulls. , %'i 25j?4;
calves. $2 50£tti; Texas fed steers, $3 5O®4 00.
HOGS — Receipts to-day,- 21,000; to-morrow.
10,000: left over. (iOOO; 5frl0c lower. Mixed and
butchers, $."» 4(«S3 75; good to choice heavy,
$5 r.O-fi-5 00; rough heavy. $5 10475 45; light,
$5 oofi ."i SO; bulk of sales. $5 . r >n®3 W. '
SHEEP — Receipts, 400U. Sheep. steady:
lambs, steady. Good to choice wethern. $'J 75
ft 4: fair to choice mixed, $.*!<<?:{ 60: Western
sheep, $2'50©4 2.1; native lambs, $3@0 50.
CHICAGO
Eastern Livestock Market.
NEW YORK, July 10. — The cotton market
closed barely steady, net 8 to 20 points lower,
this being very near the lowest point of the
session.
New York Cotton Market.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY. JULT 10.
Flour, qr sks 14. 795 1 Wool, bales .... IM
Wheat, ctls ..... 2.720-:Feed. sks 13
Barley, ctls 9.52O Screening, sks... 1,000
Oats, ctls 1,05ft' Sugar, ctla ..... 60O
Corn, ctls 175 Quicksilver, fisks. 40
Rye. ctls 1,01". Leat her. rolls ... 6d
Beans, sks 2.V> Wine, gals 3O.**l
Potatoes sks ... 5,445 Lime, bbls ...... 943
Onions, sks KMT Hides, No 4Srt
Brnn. ska 757 Pelts. No 615
Middlings, ska .. 274 Tallow. ctl» 43
Hay. tons 604 Brandy, gala ... 800
Straw, tons 50
\% n£&Lp cils • • * • ¦ —t.*! l—'J
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 2 spring wheat. 78@79c; No. 3. 76®
78c; No. 2 red. 79%©SO%c; No. 2 corn, 51%c;
No. 2 yellow, 51%@51%c; No. 2 oats. 40%c;
No. 2 white. 44c; No. 3 white, 40%@41%c;
good feeding barley, 40® 43c: fair to choice
malting, 48@51c: No. 1 flaxseed, 99c; No. 1
Northwestern, ?1 02%; prime timothy seed.
$3 40; mess pork, per bbl, $14 70@14 90: lard,
per 100 lbs, $7 6O@7 75; short ribs sides (loose),
$S 37%<©8 50; dry salted shoulders (boxed),
»7 05®8; short clear sides (boxed), $S 75®
8 S7%; whisky, basis of high wines, 5130;
clover, contract grade, $11 60@ll 75.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 13,400 14,400
Wheat, bu 262,000 68.500
Corn, bu 300,400 236,700
Oats, bu, 190,900 327,700
Rye. bu 4,800 5,200
Barley, bu 23.100
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was easier ; creameries, 15®20c; dairies,
14%@18c; eggs, steady, cafes included at mark,
13@14%c; cheese, easy, 10@ll%c.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— July. Sept. Dec.
Opening 6 (iVi « 3% « 3%
Closing 6 6*4 0 3% G 3%
PARIS.
Wheat — July. Nov.-Dec.
Opening 24 05 22 25
Closing .25 00 22 30
Flour — *
Opening 32 90 30 25
Closing 32 85 30 30
New York Metal Market*
•NEW YORK. July 10.— Spot tin was £1
higher at £12a 10s in London and futures were
15s higher at £123 10s. Locally tin was also
higher, closing at $27 15<g27 30.
Copper declined about 5s In London, spot
there closing at £50 12s 0.1 and futures at £5U
2s 6d. Locally copper was nominally un
changed. Lake and electrolytic are quoted at
$14 and casting at $13 50013 75.
Lead declined 2s 6d in London to £11 5s 7d;
quiet here at $4 12%.
Spelter was unchanged In London at £20
17s 6d but was slightly lower here, being
quoted 'at $5 75<35 87%.
Iron closed at 52s 4d in Glasgow and at 4b's
4% in Mlddlesboro. Locally Iron WSs quiet
and more or less nominal. No. 1 foundry.
Northern $17 50@18 60; No. 1 foundry. South
ern, and No. 1 do. soft. $1S@1S 50. Wairanta
are nominal.
« 120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
FAN FRANCISCO. July 10—5 p. m.
' COAST RECORD.
= "k 2, - i
2 =5" =2 -~ £ ' v
STATIONS. 2. "%c ?=5; 5^ =
1 ft. " P Q. -S ~
¦ 5 I i : P
Raker 2;v.i« S2 40 E Clear .00
""arson 2H.JXJ K2 44 W Clear .40
Eureka '.iit.Ots M fi2 NW CJoudy Tt.
»e»no 23.74 1OO 58 NW Clear .00
Flagstaff 2H.82 R« 52 W Clear .00
Independence .29.S4 90 «4 PE Clear .00
'Is* Anceles...2H.OO 80 54 SW Clear .00
Mt. Tamalpai«.30.o0 78 5<; NW aear .00
North Head .'*»
.Phoenix 29.72 106 80 W Clear .00
Pocatello 29»4 M 46 SW Clear .00
Portland 2-J.92 S4 5« NW Clear .<>0
Point Reyes... 23.VKJ 64 4S NW Fopgy .00
Rod Bluff. 2V.MJ »4 C2 SE Clear .00
Rr»ehurir 2*.«.W(> HH 50 NW Clear .OO
Pacramer.to ...2".>.r«0 KS 54 S Clr-ar .00
Pelt Lake 23. 8S R6 5« N Clear .(«0
Franclsco.30.00 MS 48 W Clear .00
S. L. Ob:spo...ao.0<) 72 M NW Clear .00
Ean -Dieg-o 2!*.«s 70 «2 NW Clear .00
Seattle SO 00 70 52 NW Clear .00
Spokane 2».i»S K4 R4 PW Clear .00
Tatoosh :{0.o»j ft*t fl2 AV Cloudy .01
"Walla Walla.. 23.90 92 W RW Clear .00
AVirnemucca -.29.00 K.S 52 V.' Clear .t)O
Yurr.a 29.72 106 SO SW Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Fair weather prevails over the interior of the
Pacific Sloi>e snd cloudy and foggy weather
from Central California northward along the
CO*Ft.
The pressure has fallen slightly over the
northern portion of the Pacific Slope and risen
over tJ-^ routbern.
The temjf rature has risen over Eastern
Washington and Northeastern Oresrcn sir.d re
mained nearly etationary in other districts. It
'.m slightly alKive the normal throughout the in
terior of California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midr.iKht JuJy 11:
Northern <~a:if->rr.ia — Fair Saturday, except
rlrudy or fopjry along the coast in the raorn
ir.K and at nifrht: frr»h vr«*st wind.
SnuthPrn California— Fair F&turday: Ilpht
wert wind.
Nevada — Fair Saturday.
fcsn Francisco and vicinity — Fair Saturday.
f xcct't cloudy or C0O7 In tlw mornin/e and at
right : fr. >h KCKt wind. G. II. WILLSON.
Local Forecaster. Tcirporarily in Charge.
fruit and Weather Bulletin.
For the twersty-'our hour? Tidiaj? 8 p. m.,
l^f'th mericiaB time. San Francisco:
2 z ~ 52 w <
»; t* n < *,
i|a§ %: P U U
6Tations. sSs^g^ f" :f:c
* 7 c-~ • '. '.
Clcveriale 01 45 Clear
Colusa OS 5H Clear
Eurt-ka *'2 Cloudy NW ..
Fresno 100 58 Clear W
Hanford 1<*> 7« Clear
Hollirter 82 44 Clear
Independence .... *'-4 .... Clcsr
Klni? City S7 4S C!ej.r N
Llvenaor* .... £7 47 Clear . . 1
Los Argeles ... *O flO Cl«-ar SW 8
Napa V7 ftS CXesr S
Newman MB 54 Clear
Palermo »« 60 Cloar
Porten-ille 101 57 Clear W
Red Bluff . — . 94 *1 Clear EE Lt.
Riverside 5>7 5.1 Clear
Kecramento . . . s« 54 Clear S 10
San Diego 7u <2 cnear N W 12
San Francisco.. . . A* Clear W
Stockton 8S 69 Clear
J«. L. Oblspo M Clear
Far.ta Maria . . 71 53 Clear W Lt.
Par.ta Rosa ... 79 47 Clear
WlKowa 03 57 Clear S
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
WHlown — Wheat better than anticipated.
King City — Cool afternoon wind.
Panta Maria — Continuation of cool weather
with unchanged, but favorable conditions.
Livermore — Conditions unchanged.
Newman — Conditions same.
Palermo — Fig crop in looking well.
Hanford — Harvesting wheat, packing and
shipping dried apricots: crop in fine condition.
Napa — Crop conditions Fame.
nivertifle— Hot weather pleases citrus grow
er*.
Colusa — Crop conditions unchanged.
Holllster — Codlln moth Injuring apples and
pears that have not been eprayed.
Stockton — Harvesting on ielands In full
PIT'S res*.
fianta Rosa — Crop conditions unchanged.
Cloverdale — Foggy mornings; eweetwater
trr&pes almoet ripe.
Mex Cent 4s 75 Daly West 4014
N E G & Coke... — Bingham 24i|
Railroads— Cal & Hecla 450
Atchlson 65% Centennial 175
Do pfd 99% Copper Range ... 51%
Boston & Alb;iny.249 Dominion .Coal ...100%
Boston & Maine.. 169% Franklin SS'i
Boston Elevated.. 140 lisle Royale 7
N Y N H & H...197 Mohawk 41?;
Fitchburg tifd ...135 Old Dominion 13%
Union Pacific 79%|Osceola 52
Mexican Central.. 20\ Parrot 20%
Miscellaneous — Qulncy 98
Am Sugar 118% Santa Fe Cop.... • l\i,
Do pfd 119 iTamarack 98
Am Tel & Tel 130%iTrimountain 84
Dom Iron & Steel. 15^. Trinity 6
General Electric. .172 United States ... 20%
Mass Electric 25 Utah 27
Do pfd 82% Victoria 4
N E Gas & Coke. — Wlnona 8
United Fruit 102 Wolverine C6
V S Steel 2S% '
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Cons for money.. 92%]N Y Central 124%
Cons for account.. 92% Nor & West 6«fVi
Anaconda 4% Do prefd 92
Atchison 68 Ont & Western... 25%
Do prefd 94% Pennsylvania .... 03%
Bal & Ohio 85%'Rand Mines 10%
Can Pacific 125%'Reading 25Vi
Ches & Ohio 38 Do 1st prefd 42
Chi Great West.. 18%! Do 2d prefd 35
Chi, M & St Paul.152% So Railway 23%
De Beers 20 Do prefd 90%
Den & Rio G.... 28 60 Pacific 48%
Do prefd 84 Union Pacific .... 81%
Erie 32% Do prefd 90
Do 1st prefd.... B8% U S Steel. 29
Do 2d prefd.... 56 Do prefd 8d%
111 Central 136 Wabash 24
Louis & Nash... 112% Do prefd 43
Mo. Kans & Tex. 21%
Bar silver— Steady. 24 7-16d per ounce.
Money— 2&2% per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2 5-16@2% per cent and for threa
months bills 294^2% Der cent.
Bank Clearings.
The following table, ccmplled by Bradetrcet.
shows the bank clearings at the principal cities
for the week ended July 0, with the percentage
of Increase and decrease as compared with the
corresponding week last year :
Inc. , Dec.
•New York $1,190,253,130 4.2
•Chicago lfc:,'iO5,821 11.3 ...•
•Boeton 120,423,881 3.0
•Philadelphia 111. 320.901 20.8
•St. Louis " 42.743,727 2.0
Pittsburg 42,008,877 14.7
•San Francisco... 25.123.402 25.9 ....
•Baltimore 23,821.294 11. «
Cincinnati 21.41U.900 6.1
•Kansas City 17,7S7,i:i3 20.4
Cleveland 15,232,951 18.2
•Minneapolis 12,510,501 1.7
•New Orleans.... 20.'.'-'>o 1 259 130.2 ....
Detroit 10,120,084 25.8 ....
•Louisville B.3«7,270 51.1
Omaha 7,200,6*1 30.0 ....
•Milwaukee tt.782,032 14.7 ....
•Providence 5,1)1)1,000 11.2 ....
•Buffalo 5.912.S50 24.3 ....
•St. Paul 6.949,392 31.6 ....
Indianapolis 7,200,590 65.9 ....
Los Angeles 6.610,133 35.0 ....
•St. Joseph 4,462.(519 IS. 6 ....
Dtnver 4,152,970 11.8 ....
Richmond 4,l'82,75« 18.7 ....
Columbus 4.325.500 24.8 ....
Seattle 3.7U2.8S7 9.5
Washington 4.065,716 12.3 ....
•Savannah 2,528,919 0.6 ....
Memphis 2.8*6,231 32.9
Albany 3.C84.224 17.7
I Salt Lake City... 2,440.130 .... 21. o
•Portland. Or 2.883.306
•Toledo 2,ti90,0.1S 5.5 ....
Fort Worth 3,198,959 25.1 ....
Peoria 2.445,018 f^O ....
Hartford 3,220,702 18.0 ....
Rochester 2.717..S5U 9.2 ....
Atlanta 2,577.500 20.2
Des Moines 2,2*0,1)45 35.4
New Haven 1,950,4s 1 .) 1.0
Naahrille 2,472,8S4 13.3
Spokane, Wash... 2,415,310 21.5 ...,
Grand Rapids 1.SU1.194 14.2
Sioux City 1.190.748 11.3
Springfield. Mass. 1.746,1!>7 3.4 ....
Norfolk 1,471,372 3.5 ....
Dayton 1,878,004 2S.1 ....
j Tacoma 1.565.758 M.I ....
! Worcester 1, 058,152 10.7 ....
i Augusta, Ga CS«,595 20.4
I Portland, Me 1,040.102
• Scrar.ton ...- l,0."2.1«) 20.1 ....
I Topeka 1.22:;,540 6.4
Syracuse 1,347,744 9.0 ....
BvansTllle l,"!43.i)0S 14. 0
Wilmington, Del.. 1,1}«),714 2t;.<; '¦...:
Birmingham 1.5V9.140 4(i.f» ....
i Davenport 1.0<i1.24i) 27 2
j Fall River «2>!).217 1.6
j Knoxvlile DT.l.'.iW 43.0 ***•*¦*
, Macon 632,000 31.9
Wllkrsbarre 1,243.110 77.3
Akron r.7»?.2<!0 4.5
Springfield. 111.... t!05,4.'!2 8.0
Wheeling, W. Va. 910,241 24 1
.-.12/Jis ;:o.O
I Younpstown 645,834 18. U
! Hrlena riO3,687 10.4
j IxrxtnRton riKU.J)C2 ...', 3^3
M'hattanooRa Mo.nofl 47. .1
! Lowell 4.*'!.227 .... i.Vi
jNew Uedford 600.79.1 .'.'.'. 0.2
j Kalamazoo ...... ((48.675 24.0 ,..-.
I Karpo. N. D 434.463 19. G .'.'.'.
I Canton, O ."87,o.*i!) 71.0
Jacksonville, Kla.. 407.7*7 fii'.fi
•JroensburK. Pa.. 4S1.O74
Rockford. Ill 381,261 ... 'lii
Sjiringfield. Ohio. . :',S8,HU '«',j
I RinRhamton 4<rj,1fx> 15. s
I <"hester. Pa . r .<«).7S)l 74 O
Bloomington. III.. ::27.(>57 :{!s "*"*
Quincy. Ill 393.201 .'54 4 "
Sioux Falls, S. D. 407.033 4i!s
Mansfield Ohio... 21iX,O2H
JackKOnvulc. 111.. 220. 1 X! ..." 'n-'
I Fremont, Neb.... 146,482 20.6 '"
••UUca 2,471,131 'x'.n
••Decatur, 111 315.17H 22.5 ""
•••Houston R.ftii.flis ..) 'i'u
•••Galveston 4.824,000 26* 4
Charleston l,O))<5.314 ..]. """"
TotalK. U. P $l.n77.CP^.777 7 0
Outside N. York 778,411,638 4!c '.'.'.'.
CANADA.
Montreal (25,559,580 19.5
I Toronto 2«.24t,475 js.fl *""
! Winnipeg 5,m»),9l2 51 4
Halifax 2.14."i.S.'5l " ""
Ottawa 2.633,383 ]O*» **"
Vancouver. B. C... 1,542,631 48 1 "*"
j Quebec 2.0S5,!)5ti 5 5
I Hamilton 1.181.338 9 5 ""
Pt. John, N. B 1,004.081 3 - o
Victoria. B. C 544.7H2 " io'n
••London 1, 136.738 ...'. .";.
Totals, Canada.... $G2,781,0KS 19.6 ....
•Balances paid in cash. "Not Included in
totals because of no comparison for last year
•••Nof included In totals because containing
other items than clearings. M
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. July 10.— FLOUR— Receipts
8S04; exports, 21,720 barrels; unchanged but
firm and fairly active.
WHEAT— Receipts. 16.577: exports, 4070
bushels; spot, firm; No. 2 red, 87%c elevator-
No. 2 red. 88%c f. o. b. aficat; No. 1 NorthI
ern Duluth. 93%c f. o. b. afloat: No 1 hard
Manitoba. 93%c f. o. b. afloat. Options opened
easy, under poor cables and rain in the
Northwest, but rallied and were generally
firm all day on bullish crop news, closing *i@
l%c net higher. July closed 87 %c; Septem
ber, 8314c; December. 82%c.
HOPS— Easy; Pacific Coast, 1902 crop, 17@
HIDES— Steady.
PETROLEUM— Steady.
WOOL— Firm.
SUGAR — Raw, steady; fair refining. 3a
3 1-16c; centrifugal, 08 test. 3 9-lBc: molasses
2>4<52%c; refined, steady; No. 6, 4.50c- No 1
4.45c: No. 8, 4.40c; No. 0, 4.35c; No. 10 4 30c'-
No. 11, 4.25c; No. 12, 4.20c; No. 13, 4.15c;" No'
14. 4.10c; confectioners' A. 4.75c; mold A
5.15ci cutloaf, 6.50c; crushed. 5.50c; powdered'
6c: granulated. 4.90c; cubes, 5.15c. '
COFFEE— Spot, quiet; No. 7 invoice, 5U@
5 3-16c; mild, quiet. The market for coffee
futures closed steady at unchanged prices to a
decline of 5 points. Sales, 10,250 bags. Includ
ing: September, 3.95@4c; November, 4.10c-
December, 4.35c; March, 4.55c, and May,
4.65c.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market re
mains quiet on spot, but holders show confi
dence and features are attracting more atten
tion: common are quoted at 4fi5',Jc; prime at
5%<05%c: choice at 6c. and fancy at 6%®7%c
PRUNES — Spot are firmly held and are
meeting with fair jobbing demand. Quota
tions range from 3c to 7c for all grades.
APRICOTS— Steady, with choice in fair re
quest at qudtations which' range from 7%c to
&%c for choice and from 10c to 12%c for
fancy.
Weather Report.
Adams Con OS I Little Chief .... 09 -
Alice 20 Ontario 4 60
Breece 15 lOphir 1 50
Brunswick Con.. 05 I Phoenix OS
Comitock Tunnel 07%;Potosi 20
Con Cal &. Va...l*40 'Savage 16
Horn Silver ....1 ftO 'Sierra Nevada .. 50
Iron Silver . 1 25 ( Small Hopes ... 25 "
Leadrllle Con .. 02 -Standard 2 60
BOSTON STOCKS AND -BONDS.
Money— Do pfd 79%
Call loans . ...8%«4'4 Wsthouse com.... 00
Time loans 4%®5% Mining—
Bonds — Adventure 4
Atchlson 4« 88 Allouez . .t*. ' 5%
Gaa lsts ••••••••• — Amalgamated ...52
availed of as a basis for renewed selling. The
nr ? l ,, tff « ct!ve rally of the day came after the
publication of <?Btlmates of the weekly cash
cnanges. which showed an excess of receipts
over Khipmcnts in the Interior movement of
over S3.O00.0CO. This is larger than the $2,758.
™, ioss on Bub-treasury operations, thus indi
cating a small net cash Rain by the banks.
To-morrow e gold shipments of $2,600,000. how
ever do not figure in this estimate. The large
receipts on balance from the Interior were a
decided surprise in view of the movement of
interior exchange markets. The grain mar
icets reflected the large closing up of accounts
in expectation of the appearance of the monthly
crop statement after the closing to-day, and
speculators in stocks were not able to get much
light en the crop situation from the movement
of tne grain markets. The market closed about
steady on the late rally.
T^i nd . S , Wer ? weak , in empathy with stocks.
j Total sales (par value), $2,180,000
1 the hmcail* 168 honds were a11 unchanged on
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
i IIy-t^ «* ?? sa
; Balto & Ohio pfd 93 iZ
I Canadian Pacific .. 20.900 12-Hi 121 Vi l"-'ii
; Central of v j.... 200 164^ m •? 1);3 ¦*
1 s & hl ° 2 -*°° 37 3* •"«•¦*
. Chicago & Alton.. 2.200 2«% 26 2rt%
Chi & Alton pfd .. 500 67 60% 67
Chicago & G W 4.300 asu 17% 17-4
C-hi & G W B pfd. 400 35 M 35 3»«
jChcajTo&NW.. 1.4.10 K»2 I67ii 167%
Chi Term & Tran. 800 13 12 12V1
! Chi Term & T pfd. 200 22% 22 *1«J
;CCC&StL 700 M " S0% ;»§
'Colo Southern 200 17 16% 16
I Colo So 1st pfd ... 400 57 5(5% 66%
Colo So 2d pfd .. 100 20% 20^4 23^
Del & Hudson .... 2.00') 172 1K9 1C9U
Del Lack & West. 200 251 U 231 2T.0
S^Sfe:: :!!!? SS 25V4 8^
; £rie 29.4t)0 31T S hi" 31 <K>
! Erie 1st rM «.S0O «7 c# 6U%
Erie 24 pfd 6.800 50 55 55%
Great Northern pfd lio
Hockinpr Valley ... 1.100 S2 80 " S2
Hocklns Val pfd .. 200 SSVi S-Si; S^^
Illinois Central ..^ 1.7Oi) l.;2' 4 i:tl % 131U
Iowa Central 100 20% 2«% °Ci4
Iowa Central pfd 44
Kansas City So fc .. f7\t
Kansas City So pfd \\ "\\ 42
I>ouis & Nai«h «.r,oo 103% \iik\ us"
Manhattan L 4.2f"0 ViT-% l.:4=i 13SV ;
Met St Ry 4.<>>.» 120% 11!)*; 120
Minn A- St I^.uis .* 76
Missouri Pacific .. OO.mit 20Z loin- 101 >i
Mo Kan & Texas.. 1.2<«» 20% 20i.i 2<»'i
Mo K»n & Tr.x pfd. ;S00 47', 47 47 !
National It R. Mex "« -
-Vat R R Mex pfd ;"{" sJ ;
N* Y Central r!2.M>0 |«1U US 110
Norfolk & Wt-Etrrn. O.DTki 63Vi Cl'i CZK '
Kar & West pfd ." do " I
Ontario & Wen .. 4.SU0 25 24 'i 24 <n I
Pennsylvania 4s.7i>0 12P.4 12:1 l'i'isi
Pitts C C & 8 L .... TO
Headtnir ..: S4.it*K'i DO 4«.^ 4»«-i '
R»-arlinK- 1st pfd .. 7O<» K2'i KIT., S2'i I
Readinsr 2<1 p'J - • Tf*> W> IK) r?3
Rock I^lan«' «'o.... 22.7f«) •'!2 r 's 31% -S2',i '
Rork Island Co pM H00 71 7otj 70
Pt lyiuis & S F 2<» 71 71 70
Pt L k S K 1st vfd 7::
?t L & s F 2<! pld. 200 an; an; w;
Pt I>oul* S W «!rtO 1« l.-.i.. IT,
st Iyouis & W pfd. 4(*> :t7'4 :{<;ii 3«
St Paul 4.".<;nO 149',« 147% 14Sii 1
S't Paul ;>fd 175
Southern "Pacittc ... H.~c*> 4K-% 4<; 1^ 47', s
Southern ttailway.. «>.iiOO 2-1% 'S-'.K 23
Southern Rv pfd .. 4(n» 87«« Wl% S7 '•
Tex A- Pacific .... 1.SOO 28 27 27'j '
Tol Bt L & W 2fM> 24% 24'i 23% !
To! Bt L «• W i?fd. noo 4r*. 42 «i 42 T i
Colon Padfc S2.000 «0 7S 71>>i '
Tnlon Pa.-iflc pfd.. . r rf)rt K7% S7»i 87 !
Wabash 2.4O0 33% 22 £2
Wabayh pM 7.400 42' t 41 41 'i )
Wheel * Ijike Erie Iw2«« I»% 1H lf> 1
Central.. *r>0<» 20 2<> 18%
Wiwon font |»fd.. »iO 42'i i>> 40
Express Companies —
Aflcmss 221
American 2."x> 1S« 1S5 . 143
t'nitfd States 150 IDS 108 103
Wrl>-Farpo 185
Miscellaneous —
Amalgam rorp»r . 3:>.lftn f.2'j Bl«i MT»
Am Car & Foutii1r>- 1,*KK) T.H 3T> S<J
Am Car & Fdy pfd *7%
Am Llnpeed Oil 10
Am Linseed Oil pfd 33
Am Locomotive ... !Wk> 22 21 21%
Am Locomo pfd... n2T. 88% 88'.« 88%
Am Smelt & Refin 810 45 44% 44%
Am Pm & Hot pfd 110 O2'-i B2'i 90
Am Sugar Refining 2.45<> 110 m*i US"; !
Anacon Mining Co. l.ld* S4 82 H F2% I
P.rook Rap Transit fl.CD.* W % Ty4% 55 I
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 3.*on r.i fiO 01 '
Colum & Hock Coal 375 17 13% 17
Consolidated Gas.. . 5.7O<» 10014 1KS% 1W)%
General Kieetrlc .. .V»O 173'; 17S 173
InternatI Paper .. 2» !4% 14% 14%
Int Paper pfd 100 C8 68 67'5i
InternatI Pump 40
Int Pump pfd 75
National Biscuit .. 2<*i 39 38^ 38Vi
National Lead -330 16% 10% leu
North American .. . r >fK> 85 83 85
Pacific Mall 100 ?<?% 20% 26.
People's Gas 2,«*0 f»8 »7>i 97%
Pressed Steel Car.. 010 Cl 50% no%
Pressd Steel C pfd 540 8<5% 85 »4 8r."V 4
Pullman Pal Car.. 4.10 208% 206 205
Republic Steel 1.400 13% 13 13
Republic Steel pfd. 400 74 73% 74
Rubber Goods 300 22 21% 21%
Rubber Goods pfd - .... 7fl
Tenn Coal & Iron., fi.200 49»; 4S% 49
U S Leather 2,020 S% fii,i HK
V S Leather pfd.. 1,320 84 S2% 83'
IT S Rubber 100 13 13 13
V S Rubber pfd.. 165 49 49 '46%
TJ S SteeJ 65.145 28% 28 2JS5i
U S Kteel pfd 1.128 SO 7»% 7»ik
Western Union ... 200 83% 83% 83
Total sales 818.700 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. July 10.— United Railroads of
San Francisco bond transactions: 6000at77%c.
NEW YORK CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref 2« reg.,106% Mexican Cen 4s.. 76 -
Do 2s coup ..10C% Do 1st Inc 21%
U S 3s res 107% Minn & St L 4s.. »9%
Do coup 108% Mo. K & T 4e.. St5%
U S new 4s reg.135% Do 2ds 81
Do coup 135% NY Cen gen 3%s. 06
U S old 4s reg...lll N J Cen gen 5s.. 129
Do coup Ill No Pacific 4s ..IOI14
U S 5s reg iai Do 3s 72
Do coup 103 N &'W consol 4s. 08
Atchison gen 4s. ..100 Reading gen 4s.. 05%
Atchlson adj 4m:. 89 Rock Island 79%
Halt &. Ohio 4«..l(fO»i -KtL & IM con Ss.119%
I>O :;H» 02 St L & 8 F 4s.. 96%
Do conv 4« 10O%|8t L SW lsts .. 1)2%
Canada So 2ds . . 106 \ Do 2ds 77
Cen of Ga 5s ..104%S A & A P 4s. 75
Do 1st Inc 73%!So Pacific 4s .... 87
Ches & O 4%s 104 'Bo Railway fis ..113
Chi & Alt 3%s.. 74%l,Tev & P 1*U ..110
C. Ji & Q new 4s. 91% T St I, 4 W 4s.. T4
C M & StPgen 4s.lO5% lUnlon Pac 4b ..100
Thl & NW con 7s. 1.10% Do conv 4s ... 93
Chi. R I & P 48.101 Wabash 1st* 15
C CC AStLgen 4s. 97 Do 2ds 106
Chi Ter 4s 78 Do Deb B 67%
Colo & So 4s .. 97 W Shore 4« 107
Denver & R G 4«. 87 W & L E 4s 00
Erie prior lien 4s. 1)5% Wls Cen 4s .... 90
Do gen 4s 83V4 Con Tob 4s. 60
Ft W & D C ltt.104 Colo Fuel 85
Hock Val 4%s....iaHi Pennsylvania ... 85
Manhattan 100%iU S Steel 8U5
L & Nash unl 4s.l01%
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
SUGAR— Tb« Western Susur Reflnln* Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes A Crushed and Fine Crushed &.65e;
Powdered. 6 50c; Candy Granulated. 5.30c: Dry
Granulated, fine. 3.40c; Dry Granulated coarse.
8.40c; Fruit Granulated. 3.40c: Beet Granulated
(100-lb bags only). 3.30c: Confectioners' a.
6.40c: Magnolia A 3c: Extra C. 4.90c; Golden
C. 4.80c: "D." 4.70c: barrels, 10c more; half
barrels. 25c more: boxes. 50c more: 60-lb bags
10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half-barrels]
6.90c; boxes. 6.13c per lb. No orders taken tor
less than 73 barrels or Us equivalent.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 84»
6%c per lb; White Lead. 6©6% c . according t»
quantity.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil In trol*
14c; Pearl Oil In cases. 20%e; Astral 20Uc:
6tar. 20%c: Extra SU' 24%c; Elaine' 2«%V
Eocene. 23%c; deodonzrd «Jtove Gasoline in
bulk. 17c; in cases. 23He: Benzine, in bulk
13c: in cases. 10%c: 8(J-degr»« Ga«olln«. la
bulk 21c; In cases. 27Hc
TURPENTINE— 70c per gallon in case* sad
64o in drums and iron barrels.
OIL— Linseed la lower at 4Sc for
boiled and , 46c for raw in barrels;
cases. 5c more; Castor Oil. in cases.
No. 1. ,0c; Bakers' AA. $1 10®l 12; Lu
1 \« 4 ™, f0r bo!Ud * nd * 4c tor raw la barrels;
Lard Oil. extra winter strained, barrels 80c:
cases. 95c: China Nut. 67%0«2c per gallon*
pure Neatsfoot. in barrels 73c- cases 80e*
Sperm, pure. 70c; Whale 6ll. natural whit*!
60055c per gallon: Fish Oil. In barrels 43c
cases. 50c; Cocoanut Oil. in barrel* Ma tar
Ceylon and 55c for Australian "
bulk and $14 23 la sacks: Walsh Anthraoit*
Egg. $13; Welsh Lump. $11 SO; Cannel. $3 SO
per ton; Coke. $11 50©13 per ton in bulk and
$13 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions.
$8 43 per 2000 lbs and $3 60 per ton. according
to brand.
FRUITS — New Af.rJcots, 709c; old Apricots
C%i&1fM(C for Royal and 7lt»c for ordlnary
Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 4^jr8%c- sun
dried. : > »04c: Peaches, 405 y a c: Pears, 4®4 4c
for quarters and 50«%c for halv*s; Nectarine?.
405c for white: Plums. 4<3t>c for fitted and
l!&l»£c for unpltted; Figs, 3%@4c for biack
and 4©5c for white.
PRUNES— 1902 crop. 2ai02-'&e for the four
&lzes, with %01c premium for the large sizes.
RAISINS — 1002 crop are quoted as follows:
2-crown loose Muscatels, 50-lb bases, .¦>'-, c per
lb; 3-crown. 6?ic; 4-crown. 6e; Seedless, ioos*
Muscatels. 5c: Seedless Sultanas, 5c; Seedless
Thompsons, 5',4c; 2-crown London Layers 20
1b boxes, (1 40 per box; 3-crown. $1 60; 4
crown fancy clusters, 20-lb boxes, $2; 2-crown
Dehesas, 20-lb boxes, $2 50; 6-crown Imperials,
20-lb boxes, $-5: Seeded, f. o. b. Fresno, fancy,
i-lb cartons, 7%c; choice, 7%c.
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, 12%fil3c-
No. 2. 10%©ll%c; No. I hardshell. ll^tFU'c
No. 2. !O01O%c; Almonds, lie for Nonpareil*.
HM-aSiHe for 1 X L. 10@10%c for Ne Plus Ul
tra and 8®8%c for LangueUoc; Peanuts. 5fi7o
for Eastern; Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts. 94 5*>
@5.
•HONEY — Comb. new. nominal at 13@14t4e
new water white extracted, 8%c; light amber
extracted 6c; dark. 5@5V.c
BEESWAX— 27629c per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins } Honey
CITRUS FRUITS — Quotations for Oranges
and Lemons are for sound repacked stock only.
Navel Oranges, $102 60 per box; Seedllngd
$1@1 25; Val«nclas. $2 2502 75 for fancy. $1 75
Q2 for choice and $1 «5J/1 50 for standard:
St. Michael*. $1 rHx}}"2 75. Lemons. 75ofjC$l for
standard, $1 2501 75 for choice and $203
for fancy; Ores* Fruit. Jlfol 23; Mexic-aa
Limes, {5 5000; Bananas. $102 50 per buncn
'for Central American and-75c<f?$l 50 for Ha
waiian; Pineapples, $2'@3 per dozen.
CHERRIES— Black. 50@75c per box and 4iR7e
per lb In bulk; Rcyal Anne, 50@75c per box and
4@7e per lb in bulk.
APRICOTS— 65085c per box or crate- bas
kets from the river, 35c; In bulk, $2»335 per
ton.
PEACHES— 50063c for small boxes, with
some fancy higher; baskets from the river, 30
<35Cc.
MELONS — Cantaloupes from Coachella $2 30
03 per crate: Watermelons. lSesSc each*
GRAPES— Seedless Suit: 1 from Yuma 73o
@$1 per crate.
PRUNES— Tragedy. 50®tt)c per crate and
40<BD0c per basket; other varieties. 60@75c per
Receipts of Apricots continued light and
prices were higher all around. Bulk stock was
eagerly sought after by the canneri and choice
offerings in crates were wanted for shipment
on the Puget Sound steamer. Receipts of bas
kets consisted of a few lots of overripe stock,
which had to be disposed of quickly. Receipts
of Peaches in baskets were somewhat light
and prices were a little firmer. Offerings In
boxes were abundant and unchanged. The best
Apples ' and Bartlett Pears were In good de
mand and steady, but poor stock continued to
drag at easy rates. Windfall Pears were un
salable, although offered as low as 10c per box.
The market was overstocked with Plums and
Prunes, and although there was a good ship
ping movement, prices showed no improve
ment. There was not much inquiry for Cher
ries. Receipts were llbrral and Included a lot
of poor stock and prices ranged lower. Figs
cor-ticueo easy, wltli supplies more than suftl
cient for the demand. A carload of Water
melons and one of Cantaloupes arrived from
Coachella. The Watermelons were steady and
nrmer. but the Cantaloupes were easier ow
ing to increased receipts from other sections.
L*rge Cantaloupes from Bakersfield sold at $5
per full crate, and some from Winters at ?«
is utmeff Melons fjom Winters and Bakersfiel.l
sold at $1 75 and $2 per box respectively. The
nrst Black Grape* of the season appeared from
Yuma. About 50 crates of the Malvol^e variety
came In and sold off well at $1 2561 50 per
crate. Strictly fancy offerings of Berries and
currants were in demand at steady prices but
poor stock dragged and a considerable poVtlon
m«m'™« ?i U wen * to the canneni at th« mini
mum quotations. Two boxes of Huckleberries,
the first of the season, arrived from Occidental.
Sonoma County, and sold at 17%«2Oc per lb.
Each of the boxes contained about 18 lbs
¦«am. *n an< ? . ro ?'« al frult " ¦ tood about tn *
same. Receipts of Oranges are very light and
the market is nlowly cleaning up
STRAWBERRIES— $507 per chest for Long
worths and J'KV.1 for the Urr-r varieties
RASPBERRIES— $4«7 per chest.
LOGANBERRIES — S\ X»*t2 BO per chest.
nLACKBFRRIKS— «? .wpp. C 0 p7r chest
CURRANTS— «1 5G93 60 per chest
APPLES— 50c®$l 25. per box; Crabapple"
30«?50c per box. '.
PEARS— Enrtl<»it«. JtlfJl 55 per box; Dear
born Seedlings. 6O0C5c per box.
FIGS — Single-layer. 20©35c per drawer
double-layer. 4O05CC per drawer. '
5 L oV^^T 25 ®l!.' c . per **>*' Per crate
and 2n<fT30e per Dasket.
Deciduous' and Citrus Fruits.
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. *—
July (old) 79% .80% 79% 79%
July (new) 79% 80% 79% ,79%
September (old). 78% 79% 78% 79%
September (new) 78% 79 Vi 78% 79
Corn No. 2 —
July 51U 51^4 51% 5H4
September 52 52% Bl% 51%
December 51 Vi 51% 61 rift
Oats No. 2 — " v
July.- 40U 40% 40 40%
September 34% 35% S3% 35%
December ' 35% 35% 35% 35%
Mefs Pork, per bbl. —
July 14 75 14 75 14 62% 14 70
September 14 95 15 00 14 85 14 05
Lard, per 100 lbs.—
July < 7 75 7 75 7 65 7 70
September 7 90 7 95 7 85 7 87%
October 7 75 7 75 7 70 7 72%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs.—
July 8 52% 8 55 8 47% 8 55
October 8 15 8 25 8 15 8 12%
Local gas stocks sHozcing some fluctuations again.
New York stock market still lower and depressed. §
Sterling and domestic Exchange weak, with quotations being
Government crop report shows a diminished Wheat crop.
Barley easier. Oats firm and Corn very scarce.
Xo change in Hay or Feedstuff s.
Beans quiet at prez'ious prices.
Butter firm, Eggs slightly higher and Cheese firm.
Provisions continue to decline at Chicago.
Urge fat Hogs scarce and higher. Small Hogs plentiful.
Grain Bags declining, with more sellers tfwn buyers.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables coming in freely.
Poultry and Game continue in moderate receipt.
Good shipping demand for Fruit. Oranges cleaning up.
Lower prices for Linseed Oil.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. in.
Open. High. Low. Close
December ... JM>£ R4% OTiVi 93%
2 p. m. Session.
Open. IIlKh. Low. Close.
December... O3S4 l«? 4 03 «4 0.1 Vi
OATS — Are steady and well held at previous
prices. Offerings are light.
New Red. $1 15@1 25 per ctl.
Old crop— White, $1 17^©1 25: Black
$1 1001 17M,; Rpd. $1 12U£U 17% ror common
und $1 20Sjl 25 for choice; Gray, nominal.
CORN — Continue scarce and strong, with
quotations largely nominal, owing to the mea
ger stocks.
California large Yellow. $1 40@l 45- smaM
round do, $1 70^1 75; White., ?1 40@l 45'
Egyptian. %\ 45®1 00 for White and SI 40a
1 4,"> for Brown.
RYE— ?1 lOiJfl 15 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 7532 per ctl.
MEATS. PER POUND—
Bacon . . . .15@22iPork Sausagek.l2%®15
Hams 16©1S Smoked Beef ."...— #20
Lard 15@ — |
The San Francisco Butchers' Protective As
sociation gives the following retail prices for
meats :
Roast Beef 1O@1S Hlndqrtr Lamb.. 18020
Tenderloin Steak. 15®18 Foreqrtr Mutton.. 8®10
rorterhse. do.l7%©22% Ley Mutton 12%@15
Sirloin Steak. .12%<gl5 Mutton Chops. .12%&1S
Round Steak... 10.Q12% Mutton Stew 8#10
Beef Stew —&10 Roost Veal 12@20
Corned Beef 8@>10 Veal Cutlets ...15@20
Soup Bones 4<®— Veal Stew 12%«15
Soup Meat 6®10 Roast Fork 12%'#1S
Lamb Chops ....— @2U Pork Chops 18@18
ForeqrtrLamb 12% ©13 -
POULTRY AND GAME—
Hens, each 65®$1 Ducks each 6O®75
Ttoung Koosters, Geese, each $1 26
.each 65@90 Goslings $1 60
Old Koosters, ea. 60070 Pigeons, pair ...4(Vft60
Fryers, each 50-S6C Squabs, per palr.SMfOO
Broilers, each. . ,30®50 Rabbits, each — ®20
Turkeys, per lb..23®24 Hare, each — <g20
FRUITS AND NUTS—
¦^P.f 10018 . Per lb. 4@ 8 Grape Fruit. doa.50©$l
A ligtr Pears, ea.20@30 Lemons, dozen.. .16(^23
Almonds 15®20 Loganberries per
Apples.... 4g) 8 drawer ..;....20©25
Blackberries, dr.— ®2» Nutmeg Mlns,ea.lO@l5
Cranberries, qt.. — @25 Oranges. do« 20@60
Cherries, per lb.8@12%'Plums. lb .. 4@> 6
Currants, pr drw.401?50}Peacnes. per lb.. 5@ 8
Pecans — <ft20 Pears, per lb ..— @ 6
Brazil Nuts 20®— (Pineapples ea...35<tf50
Kananas, doz .. — ©30 Raisins, per lb. . 8O15
Chestnuts 16<g20 Raspberries, drw40@50
Cocoanuts. each.— ©10 Strawberries per
Dried Figs, pr lb— ©10 drawer ..." 35a."i0
Fresh Figs, pr lb. 5<ff 8,Tangerines doz.. 15020
Grapes, lb oiXgNO, Walnuts, per 1D.15S20
Gooseberries .... 8@10 I Watermelons. e a.60©60
Limes, dozen ...— ®15i
VEGETABLES —
Artichokes. doz..20@30 Mushrooms lb .. — «?75
Asparagus, lb . . 6® 8 Onions, per lb.. 1® 3
Beets, dozen l(XQ — Okra dried lb. — -<S'2i%
Bp ans. white, lb. 6@— Okra,' green" — ®25
Colored, per lb 5'rf— Potatoes. new,lb2%4« 3
Dried Lima. lb.. ««> 8 Potatoes per lb.— @ 2
Cabbage, each .. 6©10 Parsnips per dz.lB320
Celery, head .... 6«?10 Rhubarb, lb .... 641 ft
Cress, dz bunch.l5(ft — Radlshes.dz bchsl5'320
Cucumbers, dz .— «?25 Sage, dz bunche*25®—
Garlic . .-. — @ « String Beans, lb. 6@ 8
Green Corn. doz.30@lO Summer Squash
Green Peppers.Ib. 5@10 per lb * 80 5
Dried Peppers ..10(B25 Sprouts, per lb. — & —
Egg Plant 8©10iSplnach, per lb. — ©5
Green Peas. lb.... 6® SlThyme.dz bnchs.25330
Lettuce, per doz. l.Vft20| Turnips per dz. — @15.
Leeks.dz bunchs.l5iS20|Tomrtoes, lb ... 8 8
Lima Beans, lb. — @ —
FISH—
Oarracouta — @15 Sea Bass — ®15
Carp 10012 ;* Smells — «?15
Catfish — @12i4 Soles 12U«!5
Codfish —^12% Skates, each ...10315
Flounders 10(g — Fquid — #10
Halibut 15® — Tomeod 12%@—
Herring — <ft— Turbot 20©—
Mackerel — i$il3 Trout. Salmon .. — 035
Do horse 15® — Trout — {?40
Rockflsh — fi 15 Brook Trout ...— «75
Salmon. fre3h.l2%fi:iri Whitrflsh 100 —
Do smoked ... — ©25 Clams gallon ..5O0i —
Sardines 100— Do hardshell.lb 8fl>10
Shrimps — $j — Crawfish — & —
Khad lOto— Crabs, each ..12%fil5
Striped Bass ...— ifflH Mussels, quart. — ©12 W
Perch m«S — i.>y$tor.x Cal 100.40(«r>t»
Pompino C0@ — Do Eastern.dz.30@40
Rockcod ; — it 15
DAIRY PRODUCE. ETC.—
Butter, choice. sq45@55 Common Eggs...— #20
Do good 35@40 Ranch Eggs 25 30
Cheese, Cal 15@20 Honey, comb, per
Cheese, Eastern. . 20@25 pound * 15®20
Cheese. Swiss ...25^35 Do extracted... 8®10
Eggs are somewhat dearer again. Butter
and Cheese are as before. Meats, Poultry,
Game and Fish are unchanged. There are a
few insignificant changes in Fruits and Vege
tables. Both are in the usual large supply.
COAL. PER TON—
"Wellington ..$— ®10 001 New
Seattle $ — ® 8 60 Wellington $ — ®10 00
Roslyn ...:..$— & 9 00 Coos Bay....f — & 7 60
Richmond ...$ — 0 0 SO Greta $ — @ 9 00
CHEESE— New. 12®12%c; Young America.
12%@l3c: Eastern. 16%©17c; Western. 12%c
per pound. »» —
EGGS— Ranch. 21@23c for white and 19@20e
for mixed colors; store. 10@19c; Eastern. 17®
19c per dozen.
ing a firm Butter market, with a good many
orders from interior towns. Stocks are mov
ing off well. •
Cheese is also firm, with a very fair demand
for local and speculative account, though there
Is no scarcity.
Eggs have moved up again slightly and are
firm at the advance. The receipts are mod
erate and the market is no longer oversup
plled; ...
Recipts were 61,400 lbs Butter. 1254 cases
Eggs and 36.000 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery. 24®25c: dairy. 22®
23%e; store Butter. 17©20c; Eastern ladle
packed, nominal. .
1JJE SAN ri?A K CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 11, 1903.
FAMILY RETAIL MARKEi\
tember there was a reaction on realizing sale?,
but croD damage reports contlned to come in
and prli-fs held strong. The close was %c
higher at 79c. ' "' " ..........
Corn was helped some early by the strength
in wheat, but the market was again under con
siderable selling pressure and . the undertone
was easier. The close was about steady, with
September a shade lower at 51%@51%c. 0
Oats ruled quiet and the market was governed
largely by the action of wheat. The close wa*
firm, with September %@ Vic higher at ;Ui T »c.
Liberal receipts of hogs and lower prices at
the yards started provisions prices in a down
ward dlrction and, with practically no support,
the market failed to rally from the opening
weakness. Trading was light and without
feature. September pork closed 6c lower. Lard
was 7%@10c lower, while ribs were unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows:.
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
CHICAGO. July 10.— Cables failed to respond
to the advance in the price of wheat yesterday
and this fact, together with the favorable
weather conditions, caused an easier tone at
the start, September being unchanged to %e
lower at 78Vi©78%c. Prospect of, a bullish
Government crop reoort was the principal
factor throughout the session, and the buying
was of good character the entire day. - There
was a fair outside demand and. St. Louis and
the "Northwest were both firm, which helped
prices here. After telling up to 79Vic for Sep-
Chicago Grain Market.
Meat Market.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
11
AUCTtON SALES
THE FINAL SALE
—OF—
Trotting Horses
From SANTA ROSA STOCK FARM
(Estate of Henry Pierce, deceased).
Will Take Place
WEDNESDAY. July 22. 1003.
Commencing at 10:30 a. m.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
248 Third St.. 8. F.
This sale Includes all the mares, colts, geld-
ings and fillies en the farm. Among them ar«
many with records, and seven three-year-olds,
that have trotted quarters better than 35 sec-
onds, sons and daughters of Sidney Dillon (sire-
of Lou Dnion.2:04i; champion): Direct, 2:05%:
Palo Alto. 2:08%; Inferna. 2:24V«: Altamont.
2:24; Beau B. 2:lti%; L. W. Russell. Almonl-
tlon. 2:24%, etc., out of famous broodmares —
the finest individuals as well as the choicest
bred ever led Into a sales ring. All are thor-
oughly broken, handsome and gentle. They
represent the result of many years' study on
the part of Mr. Pierce, and seekers after high
class trotters and pacers, splendid broodmares
with foals by Sidney Dillon at foot, will get
what they want at this sale. It will be the
last opportunity to get such well-bred horses
at auction. No reserve or limit: every animal
must be sold. Catalogues issued Tuesday.
WM. G. LAYNG. Livestock Auctioneer.
fe fc* £*
Auction sale 40 head broke and unhrok*
horses, weight 1000 to 1300 lbs at THIR-
TEENTH AND HARRISON STS., July 11.
11 a. m.. 1903. No reserve. JOHN J.
DOYLE. AuctioneerTHE SAN PANCISCP CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 11, 1903.
12
HELP WAITED— MALE— Con.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
520 Sacramento st
Phone Main 1191— Main 1191.
SPECIAL— SHIP TO-DAY.
Humboldt Co. North. Humboldt Co.
Very thcap fare. Very cheap fare.
To the great lumber country. It s Humbcldt
2" laborers, you'll do, for a large lumber
company, stearly job. good board and water.
nrst-'class accommodations, come and go, *4i»
It'a liumbodlt Co. Come take it and so.
Steamer sails early to-day for Oregon.
5 more coal miners, fare i»ald, $1 ton.
New sash and door factory, north, cheap fare.
15 young rn:^n to make themselves generally
useful and hanay. steady Job, wages from
$1 50 to $2 25 day.
LARGE CANNERY— BOSS HERE.
Fruit cook. 30c hour: cook's helper. 20c
hour; also a capper. 25c; boss liere.
FREE FARE: T^FfLii!*
S. P. R. R- Co.'s Own work.
600 section and extra gans men. all over the
State. NORTHEAST and SOUTH, on the
different divisions.
WILLITS— FREE FARE— SHIP TO-DAY.
BUTTE COUNTY. CHICO. FEE $1.
25 teamsters. $75; $25 laborers. $0. !50: 25
rockmen. $75; 25 woodchoppera and right-of-
way men. $67 50. » '
12 rough carpenters. Senator Clark s new
railroad to Riverside; long job; $82 5O and
Circular saw flier, boss here, good wages.
Shingle sawyer. $65 and found; 2 drag saw-
yers, $60 and found.
TUOLUMNE COUNTY; 10 laborers, large
mill, $1 BO fare, $2 day.
10 track men. board home, $2 day.
MINES ETC
250 miners, hand work, some 8-hour shifts,
all over State, $2 to $3 day; 300 laborers,
carmen and muckers, all over. *6O to $73; -
furnace men, $05; 4 surface laborers, good
mine. $32 50 and found.
MISCELLANEOUS— FARMS'. ETC.
2 iron molJers. 9 hours, north, $3 60 day.
Man and wife, stock yards; farmer. $30
found; farmer srfd wife, north, $70 and
found; milker, ?35 and found.
COOKS. ETC.
Night cook and helper, ?05 found, north:
chef cook, also head waiter, new first-class
hotel, north: waiters, dishwashers, etc.
GET A LIST OF JOBS.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
520 Sacramento st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
mall charges. 11 Third st. Examiner blijg.
WANTED — For the U. S. Marine Corps, able-bod-
led, unmarried men. between 21 and S3; good
character; must speak, read and write Eng-
lish; marines serve at sea on men-of-war In
•II parts of the world, on 'and In our Island
pocaesalons, and at naral station* in th«
United States. Apply at recruiting office. 40
Ellis st. Ban Francisco. Cal.: 222% N. Main
st. Los Angeles. Cal.. and 401 K st, Sacra-
mento. Cal.
WANTED — Laborers, drillers, rockmca and
rough carpenters for ditch and flume work.
Apply at office. PUeervllle, Cal., or room 14.
2t> Montgomery st. San Francisco Coast-ruc-
tion Co.
PICK hops in August; enjoyable, healthful and
very profitable outing for men. women and
children. Call or write to E. CLEMENS
HORST CO.. 122 Battery st. San Francisco.
MEN to learn barber trade: only requires two
months to complete and secure positions;
catalogue and full particulars mailed free.
Moler System Barber College. 635 Clay st
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
ruiis Denver House. 217 Third st; 150 largs.
rooms; 25c per night; $1 50 to $3 per we»io
COATMAKERS wanted. HARSHALL'S. 12
Kearny st.
lst-class barber shop for sals: :t chairs. 2 bath-
roorns.launiiry office. Ad. E.M..Vacavllle,'jai.
WANTED — Barber with about 1 year's experi-
ence. 321 B st. San Rafael. Cal.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 20 Steuart st
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
50c up; soling cheap. 923 Howard st. nr. 5th.
WANTED — Men to learn barber trade; cata-
logue. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. room 40. Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Qeo. H.Thomas Post.O..V.R.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half-
price. 563 Ml5Slrn St.. b«t 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 70rt rooms. 35c night: reading rooms;
frt» *bu» and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia St.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
60 HEAD of fresh dairy cows for sale at $70
per head. Address THOS. A. McCOY. Oon-
eales. Monterey Co.. Cai.
ON account of going to build, entire stock of
wagons, buggies and harness must be sold at
sacrifice. Corner 15th and Valenct^sts.
NEARLY new heavy cart and survlceablo
buggy for sale. 824 Potrero ave.
TWO business horses and one camping wagon
for sale; cheafr. 73C Folsom st
RARE chance; 7 good horses; must b» sold.
327 Sixth st.
FOR sale— 3» head mil A cows. JOHN o£-
CREST. Stockton. Cal.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and rncsrt for rule ch»ao. 532 Mission ft.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for
circular. G.H.UMBSEN A CO..14 Montgomery
SI'COND. between South Park and Bryant — 7
rooms each, or four flats 3 and 4 rooms each.
Apply to C. S. CAPP & CO., Real Estate
Agents. 630 Market st.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN A HOWELL. 25 Post st
HOUSES TO AST — SUBUSBAIT.
WELLESLEY Park, San Mateo County — 8-
roem furnished house; fruit: bath; s'.;itle;
hour from city. MEEK. 909 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED. t
PACIFIC ave.. 2181 — Finest apartment In
town: furnished. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646
Market st.
LIVFRY STABLES. ~~
'.OMKINSON'S livery stables, 57-69-61 Minna
st. bet 1st and 2d — Vehicles of every de-
scription for hire at most reasonable rates;
cut rates for strangers. Telephone Main 153.
LOST AND KOUND.
LOST — A pass book with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
came of CHARLES J. M. NELSON. No. 221-
067. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Purse, $35 and valuable papers, be-
tween 1007A and 100S'£ Guerrero st. and
Twenty-second and Valencia. Finder please
return to either number and receive reward.
LOST — A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of CATHERINE DUFFY. No. 128-41B.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — A iady's neck fur. near German Hospi-
tal, July 9. Finder please return to 921
Jackson st. and receive reward. /-;¦¦-
LOST — Gordon setter bitch; scar on right side.
Return to 128 Henry st.: reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 22O Sutter st. needs old
rolri and sliver to make new watch cases.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH A WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
ALL our goods delivered on first payment; you
can buy from us diamonds, watches, jewelry,
sealskin*, men's tailor-made clothing, trunks,
suit cases, on a very small weekly payment;
no Interest charged; It will pay you to ex-
amine our goods and prices; established 1850.
LICHTENSTKIN BROS.. 25 Stockton st
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAKT ~
Repair It with Elaterite; in rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. T13 Market st
SECOND-HAND machinery, boilers, engines,
pumps, water pip*, bought, sold, rented and
exchanged. See Sunday's papers. H.S. WHITE
MACHINERY COMPANY. 130-132 Beala at.
WILL contract 2500 barrels per month for ono
year. 14% gravity oil at 25c f. o. b Bakers-
fleld. JO. E. PRICE. 605 Grant building. Los
Angeles. .
A— FINE suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50. Orlg-
Inal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 238 Kearny st..
near* Bush; open to 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — $3 CO DERBY and fedora hats, $1 73, Pop-
ular . Price Hatters. 830 Kearny st. near
Pine; open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
MILES of pipe and fittings; all sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 109 Vallejo st.
FOR sale — Cheap, good Cleveland bicycle. II
McAllister st.. room ltt.
CHOICE runts, homers, hen pigeons reason-
able. 2041 Linden ?t. Oakland. "
MOVING picture film and sons slides, 109
Montgomery «t ... . "
HELP WANTED MALE Con.
MURRAY A READY.
034 and 636 Clay st
PHONE MAIN 5a48. PHONE MAIN 5848.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
THIS IS WHAT
MADE US FAMOUS.
WE KNOW NO DISTINCTION BETWEEN
V MAN AND MAN.
YOU ARE ALL EQUAL.
YOU ARE ALL WELCOME.
1902 We Gave • 1903 We'll Give
45.000 Men Work. 60,000 Men Work.
WE SHIP YOU FREE TO ONE.
FREE TO-DAY. FREE TO ALL.
Ogden, Utah. All Parts Nevada,
Los Angeles County, Hanta Barbara,
Chatsworth Park, Hawaiian Islands.
Santa Susana, • Oregon,
San Fernando, Washington.
Los Angeles County, Central America.
Arizona. Willlts, Uklah.
AND ALL POINTS NORTH, EAST.
SOUTH, INCLUDING OGDEN. UTAH.
Carpenters and helpers, pile drivers, fence
builders, drillers, single, double and machine
men, corner and bench hands. muckers,
chuck tenders, car dumpers, teamsters, la-
borers, track men, cooks, waiters, engineers,
blacksmiths,- etc., ?•"•• $4, $3 50, ?:t, ?¦- 00 and
$2 a day. '
FREE FARE. FREE FARE. FREE FARE.
Everybody Talking. Thousands Going.
ARE YOU? ARE YOU? ARE YOU?
MURRAY & READY.
034 and tViti Clay st
EUREKA.
EUREKA. TO-DAY. EUREKA.
25 laborers to pile lumber, $G0.
TO ALASKA.
10 laborers. See us.
. Big Sawmill North.
25 laborers, fare paid, go to-day, $30 to
$S0 found.
To Paradise — Bo?s Here.
55 teamsters, laborers, *75.
65 drillers und bammerfmen, $75.
1 GOLD MINE, SOUTHEAST.
I 3 engineers, duuble cylinder hoist, $3 day.
15 miners, boss here. *VJ 50.
UIG ICE PLANT NORTH.
25 laborers, no experience wanted. $S5 month.
5 YOUNG MEN. SPECIAL JOB. $7u.
OREGON— KRKE FARE.
2G coal miners, $¦'( to $5 day.
TO LOS ANGELES— R. R. FARE PAID.
35 rough carpenters, manager here, $105.
FREE FARE FOR SOUTHERN PACIFIC
RAILROAD.
1€5 laborers, etc., different divisions, includ-
ing' Santa Barbara. San Luis Obispo, Milton,
Farmlnsrton, Gllroy, Los Uatos.
TO OREGON.
26 laborers for a good mine, you'll suit, $75.
GOLD AND SILVER.
COPPER AND COAL.
0(5 miners, single and double hand, eome 8
hours, $85, $:k).
ltf timbermen, different jobs. $00.
1«>5 inuckeis. different Jobc, $75.
3U4 laborers, no experience required. $60.
TO QUARRIES AND TUNNELS.
2Cr> drillers and hammersmen. $75. $s5.
3C4 laborers, no experience required, $60,
$C7 50.
LABORERS AND TEAMSTERS.
555 laborers for all classes of work, includ-
ing factories, excavating, buildings, mills;
- etc.. $2 50 and $2 day. located In San Fran-
cisco and all parts of California.
TO HAY AND HARVEST FIELDS.
IC4 hay and harvest hands. $1 50, $1 75, $2
and ?2 5(» a tlav.
TO ORCHARDS AND VINEYARDS.
203 general hands, 15 fruit pickers, ?.">!> and
$35 and founrl.
TO DAIRIES AND HAY BALERS.
00 milkers, butter and cheese makers, $30,
$40 and $50 and found.
16 hay balets, 20c to 25c ton.
STABLES AND PRIVATE RESIDENCES.
IX stablemen, city and country Jobs, $75, $70
and SOO. •
26 c-horemen. $40. $35. $30 and $25 and found.
MEN AND WIVES.
1C farmers and wives, different jobs, $70,
$60, $50 and found.
4 cooks and wives', hotels, mines, sawmills
etc.. S-S5, $60. $50 and found.
5o4 WOODCHOPPERS. TIEMAKERS.
Post, picket and shakes, also shingle bolt
MECHANICAL HELP.
84 blacksmiths and helper*, city and coun-
try, $3 50. S:i. $2 50. *2 day. —
» wagon and carriage makers, $3 50. $3 day.
12 carpenters, city and country jobs, $4,
$3 50, $3 day.
{• machinists for wineries and^sawmllls, free
fare, S50 and found.
Printers; 15 coopers, lie: 5 carriage painters,
$90: « brick molders, $3 50 day; plasterers,
$5 50; structural Iron workers.
12 bench hands and paperers, fare $1, $2 25
to #3 5O dav.
MURRAY & READY, 634-C36 Clay st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. .ETC.
57 cooks, all over California, $90. $S0. $75,
$C0. $50, $10. $35 and found, for hotels,
mines, sawmills, camrs, ranches, cafes, res-
taurants, saloons, harvest outfits, etc. •
1$ waiters, $35, $40, $.{0 and found.
30 pot and dish washers. $.35, $.'J0. $20 found.
IS bell and elevator boys, -porters, bedmak-
ers, $:to to $15 and found.
12 laundrymen. all classes, $1S week up.
C bakers and helpers, $,"»5, $40, $30 found.
12 boys learn trades.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st
YOUR FARE PAID
TO S9 SAWMILLS,
WOODS, YARDS, ETC.
YOUR FARE PAID.
Located In 4 States and 2 Territories.
860 laborers without any experience, $35 to
$70 and found.
07 men for planing mills.
IB full day crews for woods and mills.
9 night crews for woods and mills.
12C men and boys for box factories, etc.
Wages $150, $100. $90, $S0, $70, $C0, $50, $10
and found.
Everything from a swamper to an engineer.
MURRAY & READY, 63 1-6T.G Clay st
MIDNIGHT ORDERS.
Camp cook, city, $40 and found.
Stableman, city dray stable. $15 week.
Baker, shop. Sar.ta Cruz, $12 week.
Baker wagon driver, $35 and found.
Sack sewer, city factory, $2 50 day. y
Handy man and oiler, factory, 25c fare. $2 23
duy.
2 guards for a gold mine. BOSS HERE.
Shop butcher, $40 and found.
Second cook, mine, $40 and found.
Tallyman, lumber company, boss here, $40
1 and found.
Cook, few people, country. State hospital, $25
and found.
Budder, nursery stock, $40 and found; plas-
terers, $5 50 day.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st
STENOGRAPHER and assistant bookkeeper:
apply in own handwriting, stating age. expe-
rience, reference and salary expected; good
situation for experienced man. Address G. IS.,
box 2597, Call office.
A YOUNG man, reliable, energetic, experi-
enced bookkeeper, to take a position near
Folsom. Cal.; applicants must furnish first-
class recommendations: good chanc* for right
man. Box 103». Call office.
YOUNG man as porter In oyster house. 489
Seventh st. between Broadway and Wash-
ington st, Oakland; call between 12 and 9
p. m. ...
BOY In tinnhop; learn trade; 16 years. 333
Mission st.
THREE competent young men wanted. Call
forenoon, i Emma Spreckels bldg., room 30S.
BOOKBINDERS— First-class Job ruler wanted.
MALLOYE. 422 Sacramento st.
BARKEEPER: German-speaking preferred;
state references. Box 25G3, Call office.
BARBER shop for. sale. 1101 Howard st.^do-
tng good business; must sell.
BOY to learn trade: wages from start CAR-
SON GLOVE CO.. 123 Second et
EMPLOYMENT AVANTEP-^FEMALE.
SWEDISH woman wants situation in restaur-
ant or private family to do cooking or gen-
eral housework. 118 Day st, between
Twenty- ninth and Thirtieth^ -'
GERMAN girl wishes work by the day or week
to help out in family cooking or housework;
$1 75 per day or $9 a week. Box 2559, Call
YOUNG lady wishes position in office; can give
good reference. 1722 Market at. Transfer
Office; phone South 930.
A COLORED lady wishes day's work. . Ad-
dress 247 Stevenson et; good reference. ,
FIRST-CLASS German cook wants situation.
723 California st. ¦
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
RELIABLE mldiile-aged German wishes posi-
tion private plaoe, take care of horses; good
driver; plain gardener; city or country; refer-
ences. Box 255S. Call office.
BARTENDER — North German, 37, single, who
thoroughly understands the business, seeks
position city or country. GEORGE BRAND-
HORST. 530 Third st.
CARPENTER, North German, single, with
tools, seeks position in hotel as porter or
general repairer. E. A. SMITH. 530 Third.
MAN 33 years of age. Just landed from New
York, wishes situation as porter of any ca-
pacity; honest and willing. L. L., 530 Third.
RAILROAD construction, mining or similar
work by bookkeeper and accountant: thor-
oughly experienced with rolls, time, supplies,
etc. Box 2590, Call. .
A COMPETENT piano player, is also first-
class zither soloist, wishes any kind of job;
city or country. MOEHRING. 27 Kate at.
YOUNG German bartender; willing and trust-
worthy: wages no object: about $25. Ad-
dress box 2505. Call office. >
YOUNG barber, steady, reliable, first-class
workman wants good, steady place. Address
Barber, box 3903, Call, Oakland.
GOOD job shop foreman carpenter or cabinet-
maker; 25 years' experience; (i years with last
firm. 270 Hartford st. city.
ACCOUNTANT of experience wants position;
best of references. Box 2534. Call.
YOUNG Chinese wants position as cook in ho-
tel, restaurant or boarding-house. Address
33 Waverly place.
JAPANESE couple want situations In good
family; man as experienced cook; wife wa.'t-
re*a and housework; good references; $50.
HlltA, 618 Jessie gt; tel. South 90.
JAPANESE young couple want a position In
small family, man as plain cook, wife wait-
ing and housework; city or country. H. H..
4 St Mary st. ¦ ¦
A JAPANESE boy wants work by day. A.
NOMOTO. 353 Geary st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FlUmore.
FINANCIAL.
INVESTMENT— Bonds paying 6 per cent, free
of taxes; secured by real estate certified by
trust company; Interest July and January.
Address I. J. TRUMAN. Call building. Saa
Francisco.
COMPANIES incorporated and financed; stock
and bond Issues guaranteed, underwritten and
sold; stock accepted for services. Send for
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATES
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post.
FLATS TO LET.
HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense list; ser-
vice absolutely free; take advantage of this
department; It will save you time and troub.e.
Cordee Furniture Co., 245-250 Geary st, on
the square. : .
PARK flats: new; elegantly finished: on Sec-'
ond ave. and C st.. one block to McAllister
cars; 5 rooms. 6 rooms, 7 rooms, 10 rooms;
$25 to $45; sunlight all around; open.
S19 MASON, near Pine — New sunny 8-room
flat; bath, cellar; $57 50; reliable, permanent
tenant only.
$11 50—4 ROOMS: sunny. 129 Ivy ave., near
Van Ness and Hayes sts.
CORNER sunny flat of 6 rooms and bath; rent
only $20. 3C21 Laguna st.
TO LET — Flat of 4 rooms; 1837 O'Farrell.
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post st. -
GREENWICH. 2727— Upper; sunny; 0 rooms;
new; marine view; $25; open.
FLATS FOK 'SALE-^UItNISHEu.^
HANDSOMELY furnished 6-room flat. Inquire
lir.s Hayes st,. near Baker; no dealers.
FURNITURE WANTED.
L. AND L. Auction Co.. 1059-61 Mission; phone
Jessie 1871; spot cash for furniture, etc.
A. WOLLPERT. 773' Mission, phone Red 44tt2,
buyg. rents, repairs, packs, furniture, carpets.
HELP \VA.VrEU-— FEMALE. \
WANTED — Cook, old ladies' home. $50; cook,
no washing. $35; 2 cooks, $30; 4 second girls.
S-5. city arid country; 4 nursegirls. $15. $'20,
$25'; housework. $30; 7 hotel waitieases. $20,
$25; head nurse, $30; waitress for restaur-
ant, *!>. $«; ironer. hospital laundry, $25;
girl for mangle work, $30; housework, Ross
Valley. $30; man and wife, private place,
$50; 50 housegirls at $20, $25. $30. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
HATRDKEfcSING, manicuring, massage, hair
work; removal ot superfluous hair taught
< from A to Z In 2 weeks for $4 50; positions
guaranteed; $lu 10 $20 per week: school day
and eve. 233 Geary, r. 13; maids prepared.
HAIRDRESSING, manicuring, massage, scalp
treatment hair work, removal of superfluous
hair; $5 2 weeks; day and eve. class; wages
$10 to $20 wk. 123C Market, cor. Jones, r. 94.
GIRLS TO RIVET OVERALLS; ' STEADY
WORK; PAID WHILE LEARNING.
LEVI STRAUES & CO..
32^ FREMONT ST.
APPLY TO MR. DAVIS.
AT OUR NEW FACTORY. 1873 MISSION ST..
NEAR FIFTEENTH. SEWINO MACHINE
OPERATORS ON OVERALLS WANTED;
INEXPERIENCED PAID SALARY WHILE
LEARNING :OPERATORS AND. RIVETERS
AL6O WANTED AT OUR MAIN FACTORY,
32% FREMONT ST. LEVI STRAUSS A CO.
APPLY TO MR. DAVIS.
GIRLS TO LEARN ON SHIRTS AND OVER-
ALLS; A STATED AMOUNT GUARAN-
TEED. STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY,
COR. GOUGH AND GROVE ST8.
EXPERIENCED lady bookkeeper, ono under-
standing typewriting for commission house;
give references and wages expected. Box
2566, Call office.
A— OPERATORS on ladles' underwear; tjoou
wages; Heady position. I. MAGNIN Sc CO.,
056 Mission st.
A— OPERATORS ' wanted on ladies' w*'«ts;
good wages: steady employment 656 Mis-
slon et. I. MACNIN & CO.
A— OPERATORS wanted on children's and In-
{*i nl £' weur: steady position: good wages. 1.
MAGNIN A CO.. 650 Mission »t
ITALIAN lady who can speak^English wanted
to travel. Apply Girls' Directory Central
ave. and Waller st.
WANTED — Competent woman for housework
ond cooking; three In family. Apply to 1018
Green st.. city; carfare paid. ,-.
A— Practical Millinery School, estab. 14 years:
terms easy. 816 O'Farrell. for. 1000 Van Ness.
WANTED— Salesladies for suits and coats.
CAILLEAU'S. 114 Kearny st
WANTED— Salesladies for waist department.
CAILLEAU'S. 114 Kearny st.
CORSET maker; must have experience. MME
WALTER. 503 Powell st.
EXPERIENCED young lady to work In candy
department. Call candy counter. Emporium."
YOUNG woman to assist with housework";
sleep at home; $10 per month. 3713 17th st.
MIDDLE-AGEDk woman wanted for general
housework. 141(5 Devlsadero st.
YOUNG girl assist In light housework; good
home; small family; $15. 280 Rose ave.
PICK bop* in August; enjoyable, healthful and
very profitable outing for <nen. women and
children. Call or writ* B. CLEMEN3
HORST CO.. 122. Battery tVSan Francisco.
OPERATORS on ladles' underwear, children's
wear and ladles' waists. 43-53 Ellis st. Ap-
ply bet 9 and 10 1. m. Ask for MR. V.
MAGNIN.
GLOVES — Operators to learn glove fitting;
• wages from start; also driving glove makers
. CARSON GLOVE CO.. 123 Second st "
BOOKBINDERY girls; experienced hands and
girls to learn the business. MALLOYE. 422
Sacramento st. -'
WANTED — Experienced demonstrator for
cereal product; state salary. Box 2571. Call.
WOOL sorters or women willing to learn with
pay. HENRI .-MARX.- 134 Bluxome st.
FINISHERS on men's white shirts. ROGER-
. 8ON'S. 535 Valencia at. .
WANTED — Good German or Swedish girl for
• general housework. ii?0 Gean »t
HELP "WANTED— FEMALE: Co P/_
GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall season;
trade taught from start to finish in 1 month
for $5; positions guaranteed at $10 per week
up. French School. 143 Stockton St.. rm. 13.
NEAT, reliable girl general housework, cock-
ing: small family; good wages. Call be-
tween 9 and 1. 2110 California st.
WANTED — Experienced bindery girls. Apply
SANBORN. VAIL A CO.. 741 Market st
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FlUmors.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006
Valencia st. _^_J__
AT C. R. HANSEN A CO.'S. Employment Agts.
420 Bush st <H2 Clay st.
Hello Grant 1S5
Shipping To-day— Free Fare
For Caspar Tunnel Mendoclno.
For Chatsworth Park Tunnel, L. A. Co.
For Willlts Mendoclno.
For Co.'s own work, different dlv., Cal.
Machine drillers, tunelmen. muckers, drillers.
section hands extra gangs ?1 70, $3
20 tunnel timbermen. f2 50, $3 day— Free fare
Men load Ice, country f2 50, $3
Buttermaker and wife, country 5^0
Blacksmith -|£
Blacksmith, country * 5 Y
Leverman for dredger ISO found
Man and wife, choreman and cook, $50;
washer, country laundry, $45 and board;
butcher, country shop, $.'>5.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Second, third cooks, pantryman, country ho-
tel, free fare, ?»5O, $40, $25: chef, country
hotel, $70; head cook, mining boarding-
house, $70; cook, small country hotel, ?40;
night cook, restaurant, $!0; bartender, city,
$00; lunchman, paloon, $10; colored waiter,
city, $30 and board; hotel butcher, city, $30
found; waiter, country hotel. 9'J week; wash-
er and starcher, country hotel, free fare,
$15; waiter!", bell boys, kitchen hands, por-
ters and others. $15. $40.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S Employment Agcy,
420 Bush st 642 Clay st.
AT THE CAL. EMP. AGENCY,
5!) Tnlrd st, nenr Call Bldg. Phone Bush 405.
FREE FARE. .*•
S. P. R. R. CO.\S OWN WORK.
CHATSWORTH PARK TUNNEL.
10 timbermen, ' $2 50 a day.
10 sow and hatchet men. »2 50 a day.
10 carpenters" helpers, $2 50 a day.
12 carpenters, $3 50 a day. __
r»00 section hands for Yolo Co., Monterey Co.,
Santa Clara Co. and all parts of California
and Nevada. $1 <;o $1 75 and $2 .
CHATSWORTH PARK.
10 tunnelmen. $3 a day.
10 drillers, (2 23 a day.
FHEE FARE.
FREE FARE ON CAL. NORTHWESTERN.
Id teamsters and laborers, $2 25.
WILLITS. UKIAH.
HUMBOLDT COUNTY. .
FARE ADVANCED.
20 lumber pliers, $35 and board.
Hi laborers, $:(5 and board.
1 edscrman. $M> and board.
COAL MINERS. FREE FARE.
OREGON. FAMILIES SHIPPED FREE.
25 coal miners, $:! to £5 a day.
FREE FARE TO TUOLUMNE COUNTY.
10 lumber handlers and laborers. $35 and
board up; ship-daily.
Blacksmith helper, shoeing. $2 50 a day.
Man and wife, private place, care of horse
and cow and cooking, $50.
CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. 50 Third St.
RANCH foreman, south, employer here. $60
and found; gardener, $30 and found; man
about place, country, $30 and found; chore-
man for ranch, $.10 and found; farmers. $30
and found: milkers, $35 and found; 2 butter-
makers, $40 and $50 and found; « men and
wives for ranches and private places, $40,
$50. $75 and found; porter and delivery
wagon driver for store, $50 and room; 2
assistant gardeners, $25 and found; sheep-
herder, $30 and found; *aw-n!er, $3 day;
locksmith and saw-filer, $2 50 day; black-
smith helcers, $2 and $2 50 day; ¦ miners,
laborers and quarrymen, and others. J. F.
CROSETT &. CO., C28 Sacramento st.
2 RESTAURANT cooks, $12 week and $50
month: hotel cooks, $35 and $50; cook and
wife, $00; waiters, dishwashers. elevator
boys, porters and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., (i28 Sacramento st. ¦
ANDRE'S office, 317 Stockton st.— Cook for
Institution, $40 and found; French confec-
tioner to go south, $1« to $18 a week; 2 vej-
ctablemen, $20 and $30; plain gardener and
tend to chickens, country, $25; choreman for
resort. $25. etc.
WANTED — An Al competent fcirnlshlng goods
man for this city, one who has had large ex-
perience In the trade; best of reference re-
cjulrtd; state where last employed and salary
expected. Box 2557. Call office. ¦
MAN with references for' commercial traveler
to call en merchants and agents; experience
not required; salary $24 per week, with ex-
penses advanced. National. 332 Dearborn
St.. Chicago. ; "
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 per
pair foot-form shoes at $2 60 or orthopedic
ehoes $3 flO; best shoe* on earth. 11 Third
' et. Examiner building. 5 doors from Market.
WANTED — Several persons of good character
in each State for house of good standing;
salary 520 cash weekly, with expense money
advanced. Colonial. Caxton Bldg.. Chicago.
WANTED — Steady waiter: wages $35 'and
found. Apply Troy Hotel, 606 Twentieth
' St., Potrero. ¦
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
mall charges. 11 Third st. Examiner bldg.
GOOD barber wanted for Saturdays. 512 Bat-
tery St., near Washington. ; ;.:
BARBER wa'nted for Saturday and Sunday.
2023 Powell st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday evenings and
Sundays; good man. 1000 Mission, cor. 6th.
WANTED— Flrst-clars sheet Iron worker.- Ap-
ply TAYLOR & PRITCHARD. 14 Market Bt
OPERATORS on ladles' cloaks and suits.
D. M. DAVIDSON & CO.. S2 First st.
STRONG, boy. about 16 years, to learn the
trade. Excelsior Glove Co.. 415 Market st.
PORTER for barber shop; $10 50 per week. «
Market at. - .; \ ¦
BUSHELMAN wanted. 220 McAllister gt.
WANTED — A bedtnaker at C60 Howard at.
PLATEN pressman wanted. Dettner-Wllson
Press. 416 Market et. ¦-.¦--¦ --:•
BOY wanted, about 15 years of age. at florist's,
808 Valencia at. Call between 8-10 a. m.
YOUNG man wanted for porter work. 35
• Market st.v ,. .., ¦:¦ •' .'•¦' ¦•--.•.'- ; ¦ ¦ . .
EXPERIENCED restaurant dishwasher, assist
cooking; $8 a week. . 126 Ninth st
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
. mall : charges, ll Third st. Examiner bldg.
BARBERS— Good-paying 4-chalr shop in'offlee
bldg; bargain. DECKELMAN. 100 Ellis st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, kt Impair;
foot-form thoes at $2 50; we pay 'express or
mall charges. U' Third st. Examiner bldg.
•AM FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Saa Francisco
, Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock erery nlg-ht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— G27 Mont«rom«ry street.
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
800 Hayes street; open until 0:SO p. m.
€39 McAllister street! open until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Larkln street: open until 9:30 p. m.
1&41 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
22C1 Market ctreet. corner Sixteenth; open
until t p. d.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-eecond and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street : open until 9 p. in.
CHntcirsEityicKS.
FIRST United Presbytwian Church, corner
Golden Gate ave. and Polk et. — Preaching to-
morrow at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. ra. by the
pastor H II Bell, D. D. Morning, theme,
••Consider the Lilies": evening theme,
•'Seeking God." Sabbath-school at »:43 a.
m. Christian Endeavor societies at 6:30 and
<5:30 p. m. Strangers cordially invited to all
services; pews free; courteous Ubhtrs. Come
and bring your friends.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30. F. and «
A. M.— Called meeting THIS (SAT- W
I'RDAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. /VX
Third degree. »y order of W. M.
EDWIN L. METER. Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A. M.— «
Special meeting THIS (SATURDAY) W
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Second /V\
decree. By order of the masttr.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodse No. jaMHya'ae.
2 I O. O. r. — K.FUler meeting tEVjSHSSS
THIS (SATURDAY) EVENING. *%%££i&r
Third degree. p p
LOTAL Orange Lodges, including La {Ls\
dies' Loyal Orange Association o. _)sVy
San Francieco. Oakland, San Jose ZvJSmV
will hold their annual picnic ancRt?*^*
celebration on SATURDAY, July 11 ™4i/«»t
3903. at Shell Mound Park, West Berkeley.
Numerous prizes will be competed for; also
gate prizes. Johnson's famous union band
will be in attendance for dancing.
P. F. THOMPSON. State Grand Master.
THE California Debris Commission, having
received application to mine by hydraulic
process from F. W. McLean in Hampton
placer mine, on McRea Ridge, Pluinaa
Co., Cal., draining into Nelson Creek,
which reaches middle fork of Feather Riv-
er, gives notice that a meeting will be held
at room ©6 Flood bMg., San Francisco, Cal..
July 27. 1903. at 1 :80 p. m.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived application to mine by hydraulic pro-
cess from W. 8. Kerr, in Old EtlS Gravel
Mine, near Vallecita. Calaveras County,
Cal.. draining Into Wades Gulch Creek,
which reaches Stanislaus Rlrer, gives notice
that a meeting will be held at room 00.
Flood Building. San Francisco. Cal., July
20. 1903. at 1:30 p. m.
NOTICE TO^ STOCKHOLDERS OF THE
BANK OF CALIFORNIA— NOTICE IS
HEREBY GIVEN that a special meeting of
the stockholders of the Bank of California,
hereby called by the President thereof, will
be held at No. 400 California street the
banking-house of said bank, in the City and
County of San Francisco, State of Califor-
nia, on WEDNESDAY, the 15th day of July.
1903, at the hour of half -past three o'clock
In the afternoon of said day. for the pur-
pose of considering and deciding wbat dis-
position shall be made of the new or In-
creased capital stock of raid bank that may
be authorized by said stockholders on said
day, and of providing bow, to whom, when
•nd at what price and under what conditions
cald new or Increased capital stock may be
cold, and for the purpoee ot authorizing and
directing the Board of Directors of eald
fcar.k what to do in the premises.
WILLIAM ALVORD.
ae President of the Bank of California.
rated July 1. 1903.
NOTICE of meeting. — The regular quarterly
meeting of the directors of The Bank of Cali-
fornia will be held at the banking-house. 400
California street, San Francieco, on TUES-
DAY. July 14, 1903. at 3 o'clock p. m. The
transfer books for the transfer of stock will
close on Tuesday. July 7. 1903. at 3 o'clock
p. m.. and will reopen on Wednesday. July
15. at 9 o'clock a. m. By order of the board.
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the San Francisco So-
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to Ani-
mals will be held In the Parrott building on
Monday, July 20, 1903. at 4 o'clock p. m.,
when a board cf trustees will be elected.
C. B. HOLBROOK. Secretary.
AGENTS WANTED.
THE only authorized life of Pope Leo XIII.
written with the encouragement approbation
and blessing cf his holiness, by Mgr. Bernard
Orellly. D. D.. L. L. D.. who for eight years
lived m the Vatican as domestic prelate to
the Pope; this distinguished American au-
thor was summoned to Rome and appointed
by the Pope as his official biographer; ap-
proved end recognized by Cardinal Gibbons
and all church authorities as the only official
biography of the Pope; over S00 pages, mag-
nificently illustrated: unparalleled opportuni-
ty for agents: best commission; elegant outfit
free, gend 15 cents for postage to the JOHN
C WINSTON CO.. 328 Dearborn st.. Chicago,
AGENTS— We have an srtlcle that every
woman wants and will buy if her attention
Is called »o it.
w 'e want women cf sense, energy and pu?a
tor that purpose; every sale means a perma-
nent customer. Do you want money? Are
you energetic? If so. call bet 10 a. m. and
4 p. m.. room H15. Phelan building.
ASTROLOGY. ~~
Astrology taught, horoscopes cast. Prof Ray-
mond bor.kyiore.049 Ellis. By mall if detlred.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
EOBT. W. KING. atty-at-Iaw. Examiner bid.
rm. 611; ail cases, damages, estates, wills
attachments, collections, etc.; consultation
free; no advance charges; call or write; even-
lngs by appointment. Tel. Red SeOl.
PROMPT attention to all cases ;divorce. estates
collection*; no fees unless successful; call or
write; eves. Tues. and Fri.: est. IS yrs. ED.
WARD ACKLEY. C27 Market ;tel Jessie 1530.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost In meritori-
ous cases. dH-orces. probate and all other law
cases; no fees In advance; open every even- '
Ing. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market st . r. 31.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty ;quick,qulet;
no charge without success; established 15 yrs
O. W. HOWE. 1122 Market st. opp. Hale^s!
A i T . K^ N \.^ AITK EN. atttorneyi. rs. 303-10-U
Clunle bldg.. &03 California st; tel. Main 727.
WICK MATTHEWS, attorney at law 632 Mar-
fcet st.. room 23; legal advice; bank refs.
ADVICE free; no charge unlesi successful- all
cases; qpgp evgg. W.W.Davidson. »27 Market.
L. 3. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
free; no fees In advance.
BOARDING FOR CHILIJKEnT
NICE home for Infante or children by one
who loves them. IMS Prince et.. Berkeley.
¦—^. 5 * 1 * 1288 C "AXCES.
WARN1MJ — ~ r^ —
To the
Investing Public.
We announce the completion of our
Wonderful Ditching and Dredging Machine,
ud ! C hors^s <1 ° the W ° rk ° r hu °<3«d« of men
On or about July 20th.
?w? 011 It completion no stock will be offered
for less than $1 per share. Until then a few
share, remain to be sold at 50c. for casfi or in-
stallments. Persons desiring to see thl.
Marvel of mechanical Ingenuity
».^,^° *° by c * lllr >? at the offices of the
NATIONAL DITCHING & DREDGING CO
_J UH-602-C03 Examiner Building!
* 1^T. R^ tABLE n L an for Permanent place;
pa>s $<j per month; experience not requiied :
thort hours; light work. 1016 Market? ". lo!
FOR sale— Old established fine r-aying candy
01 " t^far/ad 5 :
crt.g uax J5C4, Call of floe; no agents
K.VO-FIRST-CLAES saloon; 5-year lease ln-
itou^y , up * t * 1 ™: '* r « «"k of
. liquors. 131 Montgomery, rooms ll-l**
illiliilili
STALLS in general market for rent; space
suitable for grocery, delicatessen store Md
creamery. OH 2C14 Mission et
GOOD opening for live bakTrTno opposition-
bey town. 824 Potrero ave. °PPO8'tlon.
F cS-. 8 CUp^° C * ry * nd bar ' 12S0 6 * n cn«2 «t..
6ALOON bufinees for sale very cljeao If
Va k n n Net.°ave X6th ***" AppIy t0 •* ™». «
t«00G_GOOD paying grocery and general merT
rhandise business In Oakland. Address boi
3992. Call office. Oakland. X
$1000— FOR sale or exchange for city real es-
t*te. old lumber, coal feed business; ion*
lease. Proprietor. 2&13 Mission et
flf/i — CIGAR etore; transfer corner* good
trade; poing East Box 2562. Call of flee.
FOR sal* — Grocery and bar. Apply 1 Bruce
place, off Folsom, bet. Seventh and Eighth.
CANDY store for sale cheap; f.400. 1061 Mar-
ket st, near Seventh.
A SALOON for sale. 1535 Castro at.
HAIRDRESSING parlors: cheap; value In eight;
good location; retiring. 1153 Mkt.. bep.7th-gth.
BAKERY and delicacy ..tore for sale; mutt ot
•old; owner croisg away. 715 McAllister st .
BUSINESS CHANCES — Continued.
DAIRY with everything complete, including 21
young cows and 3 horses, wagons and all tne
business for sale. Address or send orders
by mall to GEORGE PANAIOTIS. San Le-
andro, Cal. ;
AN outside route for eale. Apply Call office.
LODGING-HOUSES >TOK SALE.
100 ROOMS; house for men; rent J** 0 - • •**<>00
88 rooms; south of Market; rent $100.. 2000
24 rooms; corner; part cash; baL easy. 850
II rooms; good income; rent $20.. 800
21 rooms; water front; rent $40; lease.. 650
120 rooms; good lease: low rent........ 6500
67 rmi; apartments; Western Add; rent. 250
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, roadhouses. flats. 5 to 100 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st
«30O(i— 2S RMS.; O'Farrell: lease: Income $200.
$2000— 15rmB.; elegant: CFarrell clears $100.
$12i)0— 10 rooms; O'Farrell ft.: clears $75.
$000 — 9 rooms; Leavenworth st.; clears $40.
EDWARDS. 131 Montgomery st. rms. 11-12.
MARION GRIFFIN, rm. 400 Examiner bldg. —
Hotels, apartment houses, flats and
ROOMING HOUSES.
fG.v> — GREAT bargain; 10-room house on Eddy
Bt; positively clearing $40. j032 Market, r. 4.
8 ROOMS: price $175; rent $40; ?50 cash. 687
O'Farrell st J [
BUNNY, well furn. cor. flat 1* rmi; rent $37;
price $650. 204 Second «t. upstairs.
SPIRITUALISM.
KATIE HEUPSMAN. test circle Friday even-
lng, 25c; Fittings dally. 1000 Harrison st
MRS. ALICE TOBIAS. 122S Market it.— Cltdm
Tuesdays and Fridays.8 p. m.: readings dally.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
XH CALL AT ONCE AND SAVE $2.
My Regular $3 Reading This Week For
»1. $1. $1. $L $L $1. SL $L
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant ana
Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make you no charge if I fail to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for; I promise
to tell you whether husband, wife or sweet-
heart Is true or false: tell whom and when you
will marry; in fact I win tell you every hope.
fear or ambition better than you can tell your-
self. He restores lost affections, reunites the
separated, causes speedy and happy marriages,
makes you successful and prosperous, cures
disease and lost vitality without medicine, lo-
cates hidden treasures: hours 10 a. m. to 8 p.
m.; Sundays 2 to 8. 326 OTarrell st. 320.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st. next Exam-
iner bldg.: she reads your life correctly,
given an accurate description of the past re-
veals the present happenings and portrays
events to occur in the future: if you are in
trouble, discontented or not satisfied In life.
or have domestic, love or business troubles,
consult this great medium aad you will be
toid how to overcome th«?m; valuable ad\lce
in all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction
guaranteed: readings by mall. Tel Black 15*R».
1SMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
st, cor. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m.; readings by mail as satisfac-
tory as In person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life. $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth: don't send currency. Send postoff.ee,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
MRS. A. H. KRONENBERG. palmist, clair-
voyant card reader; readings, i'5c; will give
full planet reading and answer 3 question*
by mall. $1: when others fail try me: send
date of birth and lock of hair. 402 Frank-
lin St.. near Grove; send P. O. money order.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
CDd tight: tells the past, present and future;
ladle*. 50c; gents. $1; by cards, palmistry
ard clairvoyant sitting. $1 50. 123 Turk st.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given: 25c up. 5 4th St.. near Market^
A wond»r: have you seen her? LELA, palmist
and clairvoyant. 277 14th st. near MlfFlon.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
264 Kearny. room 20; ladles 25c: gents 50c.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant card reader: slt-
tlngs dally. 448H Jef5le st. bet. 5th and Cth.
CARPET-BEATING AND CLEANING.
AIR. compressed, dry. ice cold, is now univer-
sally used In sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or Injury: prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call big.; phone Main C237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Wcrtcs. 355-387 Tehama st. : tel. South 40.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueea.
proprietor. 329 Guerrero st: tel. Mission 49.
TRY HCPKE EP.OS.' excellent carpet cleaning;
phone Bush 42L 411-413 Powell st.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter et;
tel. Main 334. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Props.
RUDOLPH A CO.. carpet-beating works; prlcts
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 203.
CONXLIN'S Superior Csrp«t-beatlng Works.
333 Oold»n late av». : telephone East 126.
CUlUUi'UOiM'S.
DUNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE, 60 Geary— All
ailments of the feet cured: corns, bunions. etc.
COLLECTIO 1 N O K Fl ICES. >
ADVICE free; bad tenant* ejected speedily. CO-
LUMBIAN LAW AGCY.. r. 85. 918 Market;
tel. Red 618: collections; gen'l law business.
BAD tenants ejected for* $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10: tel. 5580.
COTTAGESv TO LET.
COTTAGE. 6 rooms, bath and yard; fine view.
j 1323 Washington «-t. near Jones.
"~ DENTISTS.
DlC~LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Marketnr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set: extracting. 50c; gas given.
REMOVAL.
DR. C. W. RICHARDS, dentist, has re-
moved frctn 47 Post st. to Mutual Bank bldg.,
room 614. corner Geary and Kearny sts.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs. ; crown, $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates. $5: full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns,$2 up; fllllngB.25c.
GOLD fillings 75c. sliver 55c. crowns $2: no
pain: open Sunday. Dr.O.B.HewiU.204 Sutter.
10 PER CENT off thin month; estimates frea
New York P»ntl»t*. BflO Mission >t. cor. 6th.
imESSMAKEUS * SEAMSTKESSF. \
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market
ACCORDION, eunburrt & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor?
EDUCATIONAL. ~~
HEALD'S
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day. night. 24 Post; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE,
conducted by experts; best combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had; In-
dorsed by official court reporters. 1382 Mkt.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 Pout St. S.
F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all vubjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
AYRES. the leading business college, 723 Mar^
ket et.; special summer course In all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ship. $50; day and evening cessions.
THE ISerlitz School of Languages has removed
to 1000 Van Ness ave.: rates reduced during
summer. Send for catalogue.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonla Hall, Howard
el., near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. min.. mech. eur-
vey. assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est 1864. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A SUMMER school of shorthand and bookkeep-
ing; enroll now and be ready for position In
fall. S. F. Business College. 1236 Market st.
LESSONS given In Water Color or Oil Paint-
Ing from Nature. CURRIER. 372 Sutter st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar.wrltlng
etc.. day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Ml8slon,nr.eth.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th
Plttman shorthand, typing, bookkpg. $8. mo.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post Bt. S. F.'
founded 1SC3: new 80-page catalogue free.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES^
GEORGE AO KlT 421 PosTTt ; teiT*Bu siTlSid
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nlshes best help; contracts for farm help, etc
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese,
Chinese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp Office 475
Stockton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab 20 years
Tel. Main 1087. ¦ BRADLEY A CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
MIDDLE-AGED- woman wishes light house-
work In . small family. 2 Hampton court,
rear C68 Harrison st. near Third. ¦ 1 . ,„
WANTED — Situation for downstairs work; a
good cook; reft ic net s. 22D8 Bush et.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE— -Com
A BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BSCK
& CO.. 122 Market at.
All bargains: camp stools A chairs, hammocks,
metal beds. mattresse3.J.F.Hottir.712 Mission
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Bacigalupl. 933 Mkt
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches,
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
ASK for prices en second-hand typewriters: all
makes. ALEXANDER A CO.. 110 Montg-y.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic.
turew. BCLLARP A BRECK. 131 p ogt , t .
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED — Old pictures of George Washing.
ton. Jefferson, Adams, Napoleon, eta ; hi^^.
est prices paid; send name of engraver and
publisher on picture: by mall only. OEO
L. GOODMAN. 2180Sutter st. San Francisco!
ENGINE wanted; 160 -to 20O horsepower and 2
boilers from fcO to 10<> horsepower each; state
lowest figure and where can bo seen. Post-
office box 20S*j. San Francisco.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. ; tel. Jessie 2851.
$5000 WORTH cast-off clothing wanted: highest
price paid. 322 Grant ave.: tel. Red 3332.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints; instant relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience. 728 Post st, near Jones.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
Uef guaranteed. 1C08H Market st, opp. 5th.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult thus specialist on femai*
complaints: positively corrected: the unfor-
tunate helped: the most difficult cases treat-
eo; advice free. Office. 1018 Market st
DR. ROSEN. 2995 Folsom. cor. 26:h— Ladies'
exclusive office and home where relief is oh-
talned In all cases taken; consultation free.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1113 Market— Reliable ladles*
specialist: a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
MATERNITY VJlla: strictly private. MRsT
DR. FUNKE. 1418 Eighth at. Alameda.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness— Expert
In obstetrics, female comp.: 25 yrs exper'nee.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERB3.
original method of treatment 1126 Market st.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 319 Powell st. oppesita
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
§ MONEY TO LOAN.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY^ '
601-602-603 rTpTwipT bulldlai.
Quick settlements: no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter*
ests. assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICS. 103 Ormnt **•..
LOANS FROM $1 to $10,000.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, ac
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84<1
Market at. tel. Main 1644. Branch, 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people. retaAl mer-
chants, teamsters, bcardlng-hocses, TTtthout
security; easy payments; largest bus!* ess in
46 principal cities. Tolman, 553 ParroCt bldg.
A — 1 per cent on funlture or piano: no removal:
no commission: no publicity: $23 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 20 Montgomery it.rm. 7.
AT cut rates on real estate, furniture or piano:
no commission. E. W. LICK. 1003 Mutual
Sar. Bk.-b!d.. 70S Market; phone Main 818.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
The TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; geld. sllTer.
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bough:
at W. J. HESTHAL'3. 10 Sixth St.
GOOD names; 1% on furniture. 2d mortgagj;
any security. 302 Montgomery st. rm. 18.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal:
V. TREMAIN. room 81. o Eddy st. floor 4.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 63S Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. or Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes'. R. 811 Mutual Sar.Bk.btd.
CASH leaned salaried people on notes' without
indoraer. KORRKLL. 609 Examiner bldg.
MUSICAL IXSTIHTMENTS.
A FEW maps selected from 200; all reduced on
account of summer season for June, July:
8 Chlckerisg $83. $37. $1S5
2 Emerson $93. $113
2 Heine $235, s:i»3
2 Stelnway. small A largo uprtgh.t$l$3, $383
New pianos from $137 up
25 Squares from $13 up
Piano Players. $90 up; rents reduced to *J
up. apply on purchase; Installments, oai-
tenth down, two years to pay balance
HEINE PIANO CO.. 233-237 Geary st; tel.
Main 5744.
8TEINWAY upright, left by private party.
$165; great bargain. 237 Geary st
BUY your piano now and begin payment when
you return from your vacation. By ta;«
means you secure the benefit of our reduced
prices. Large stock, deslrabla goods aa4
easy payment TUB ZENO MAUVaU
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st
A FEW good upright pianos from $A5 up. In-
cluding Sterling. Marshall & Wendell. Hainex.
German, Everett. Sherwood A Jacobson and
others: easy payments. BENJ^CURTAZ *
SON. 16-2O O'Farrell. No branches in S. F.
BAND Instruments; F. Besson. Paris, maker;
Gus Maiwald. Agt. Pae. Coast. 278 O'Farrell;
skillful repairing: 2d-han<! Instruments sold.
MAGNIFICENT Knabe. 3-pedal upright piano
at great loss: leaving city. 920 O'Farrell st.
BEST renting piano in city for $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
BARGAIN; good upright; oust be sold at
once. SCHMITZ A CO.. 18 McAllister st.
EOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecillan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 309-312 Post st
SUPERIOR Tlclins, ilthers. old and new. VL.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 031 Market st
Steck.Kverett. Lndwtg and ether g'wl plannn.
PERSONALS.
A— FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED.
Wrinkles, yellow and flabby skin. birthmark*,
smallpox pitting") and scars scientifically re-
moved without cutting, massag;, electricity o;
medicine: special demonstrations this week.
Call or wrlf DR. L. WILLIAM3.371 Geary.
MORPHINE, opium and laudanum habits cure4
at home by a painless home treatment; In-
dorsed and used by leading physicians; corre-
spondence strictly confidential: In plain, sealed
envelope; call or write to-day. India Drug
Cure. 201 Turk st. ; Bruce D. Klmmis, M^r.
HEALTH Culture. Mental Culture. Physical
Culture. This combination insures the full-
est realisation of all the best that life af-
fords. Write for special free trial offer.
Prof. Anderson, Dept C. 850 Market st.
THE Star Hair Remedy restore* gray hair.' im-
proves its growth; stops falllng.cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers" ;ac- '
cept no substitute. StarRemedyCo.,3S3 Geary.
NOT how cheap, but how good. Is the motto o£
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the sewing-machine of to-day. >.
W. EVANS, agent. 1C21 Market st .
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ava..
corner Sutter st. ; fee moderate.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonla Hall. Ibwiri
st. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
ELEGANT suits on easy installments; 50 cents
and up per*reek. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
ket St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
AT less than exist, uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers, at CHARLES LYONS'. Londoa
Tailor. 721 Market st
SUITS to order on installments. $1 per Week.
Neuhaua A Co.. merch. tailors, 727-729 Market.
ALL styles balrdressing. 25c; hair goods: manl-
eurlng 25c G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50: drew pants $2 SO.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle. Dr.4."Mrs.Traverse,inuMarkei.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books] wtsrsT
country orders. GOLESTHlN A CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna, restores gray
hair to Its natural color: $1; at all druggists.
Superfluous hair A moles removed with elec-
trlc needle. Mrs. A Miss Eaton. Ilia Sutler.
VARICOSE reins and catarrh cured at horoa.
Call or write for testimonials. DR. WILL-
IAMS CO.. 140 Geary st.. fl. F. ¦ ****~
PALJ1ISTHY.
MADAM DEVAS. scientific palmist and astrol-
oglst; offices 850 Market st; $1 palm reaJ-
Ings a specialty; booklet gratia. T STAR
CHAMBETtLIN. Manager. . * "* At "
PAPEKHANGINQ. PAINTING. ETC.
ROOMS papered. $3 BO up: tinting, pajntlny.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 313 3d st ; teL Mala 4 Hi
If a nurse you would hire who's kind-hearted and true,
A Want Ad. in The Call will soon bring such to you.
And the dear little chap who's the Joy of your heart
Will good lessons imbibe which the nurse will impart.
The cost will be small— indeed, hardly worth mention. v
And the statements' here made are worthy attention.MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.150 153 [Oceanic S Co 7 "8
Cal Fruit As. — — Pac A F A.- 2% —
Cal Wine As. — OTWlPac C Borax.168 —
, . . Morning- Session.
Board —
10 Contra Costa Water'... 60 00
B Mutual Electric Light .11 50
20 Oceanic S S Co • 7 50
25 S F Gas and Electric Co, 8 90. . 6» 00
5 a V Gas and Electric Co 67 75
, 5 S F Gas and Electric Co 68 12',J
< ' Afternoon Session. '
Board —
¦ 100 Hana Plantation Co f 50.
. nO* Mutual Electric Light 12 00
160 Mutual Electric Light, b 6 12 00
5 S F Gas & Electric Co 68 00
5 S F Gas & Electric Co % 68 25 .
7ft S F Gas & Electric Co 68 50
70 S F Gas & Electric Co.'b 2... 60 00
85 S F Gas & Electric Co ....... 69 25
25 S F Gas & Electric Co. a 30 ... 69.25
100 Trustee*' Cert, S F.Ga* & Elec 67 CO
Street —
$29 000 Pacific Electric Ry 6s... ......107 N>
$20,000 8 F & S J V bonds .....120 50
California Stock and Oil Exchange
f . • ~~~~~~ . i
Morning- Session.
Board — '
100 Monte Cristo Oils....... .,1 00
1000 Monte Cristo Oil, a 80 • 1 00
50 Peerless Oil 14 00
: 150 Home 'Oil v. .. .......'.' 3 00*
200 Occidental Oil ....i... 18
' 200 Monarch Oil . .Y...;........ ......." ¦> 81
10 San Joaquin Oil B 00
. Street— •' ' , . T - ¦ . ', . , ¦
1000 Junction Oir..... 21
¦ •¦ • ' v Afternoon Session.
Board —
70 Peerless Oil • 14 00
.200 Sterling.Oil : .3.00
200 Home Oil '• 3 00
¦ 200 Sovereign Oil :.;...". 37
100 Reed Crude Oil.... -30
400 Reed Crude Oil ....'.... 40
-Mining. Stocks.
8AN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following- were* the ; saJes on the San Fran
cisco Stock Exchange yesterday r ¦ •:. .
' ¦¦ ¦ / A i Morning Session. " *
200 Alta .'..I..... .021100 Occidental ... S3
.200 Belcher ..... '¦ 42 100 Ophlr .......I 50
200 Caledonia ....I- 15| 800 Overman ..... 31
Continued From Page Eleven.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
1 200 Chollar .;.... 1M 100 Potosl ..' 22
700 Con Cal & V.I 45 200 Potosl' 23
600 Con N Tr:.. 08 300 Savage .17
600 Gould & Cur. 40 4C0 Silver Hill... 82
100 Hale & Norc. 58 100 Union Con... 85
100 Mexican 110 100 Utah 22
700 Mexican 1 05
'Afternoon Session.
100 Best & Belch. 2 00[ ICO Occidental ... 31
100 Challenge ... 47 200 Overman 30
400 Chollar 20! 20 Ophir 1 75
100 Con Cal & V.I 45 600 Savage .'.- IT
200 Con Cal & V.I 40 500 Sierra Nev... 57
200 Crown Point.. 22 200 Silver HIU... 87
5000 Con Imperial. 04 200 St Louis .... 20
200 Gould & Cur. 3s 200 Utah 23
400 Kentuck 04 500 Yel Jacket.... 70
100 Kentuck ..... 03
-PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Belcher " 42 200 Ophlr 1 60
150 Caledonia 1 20 200 Ophlr 1 47V.
200 Challenge ... 44 500 Overman 31
500 Chollar 19 1 30O Potosl 23
.100 Con Cal &.V.1 40 300 Savage IS
•%00 Crown Point.. 21 1 200 Seg Belcher.. 09
5C0 Exchequer ... 02 20O Sierra Ner. . . 5«
200 Gould & Cur. 40 400 Union Con... »rt
200 Hale & Norc. 60 300 Utah 22
200 Mexican ...1 07 Vi 300 Utah 23
100 Occidental ... 33 500 Yel Jacket.... 67
Afternoon Session.
200 Challenge ... 45 500 Savage IS
-> 200 Challenge ... 47 500 Seg; Belcher. . W
500 Con N Y 00 300 Sierra Nev... 57
600 Crow q Point.. 22 2OO Sierra Nev... Ss
50O Exchequer ... 02 20«» Silver Hill.-.. 87
300 Gould & Cur. 39 200 Union Con... 84
CO Ophlr 155 300 Utah ZX
200 Ophlr 1 62>-i 200 Yel Jacket.... 68
200 Overman .... 30 500 Yel Jacket.... 70
200 Potosl 25 400 Yel Jacket.... 72
300 Potoal 23
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
1000 Esperanza ... 06 250 Rescue 15
100 Gipsy Queen. 26 SCO Ton Midway.. 49
100 Paymaster .. 20
Afternoon Session.
1000 Cent Eureka. 87 200 N T Ton 14
500 Gipsy Queen.. 26 100 Ton Belmont.2 15
1000 Lucky Tom... 14 1000 Ton Midway.. 50
120O Mont Tonopah 90 200 Ton Midway.. 49
100 Mont Tonopah 91 100 Ton N Star. . 4tt
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. July 10—4 p. m. \
Bld.Asb . ' BId.Ask.
Alpha ....... 05 C*i Julia ........ 02 04
Alta 01 02 Justice l.l 14
Andes Oft 11 Kentuck OT - 04
Belcher 42 45 Mexican 1 05 1 15
Best & Belch. I 05 2 05 Occidental ..30 32
Bullion 04 05 Ophlr 1 5O 1 55
Caledonia ...1 20 1 25 Overman .... 29 SI
Challenge Con 46 48 Potosl 23 24
Cbollar .19 20 Savage 17 IS
Confidence ..1 25 1 35 Scorpion (H 03
Con C & Va.l 40 1 45 Seg Belcher. 10 11
Con Imperial. 04 05 Sierra Nev . . ' 57 58
Con NY 08 OH Silver Hill ..S3 OI
Crown Point. 24 25 St Louis .... 19 2o
Eureka Con . — 45 Syndicate ... C3 OtJ
Exchequer ..01 (r.i Union Con . ; S.% SH
Gould & Cur. 30 40 Utah 24 25
Halo & Norc. «O f;2 Yellow Jacket 73 74
Lady "Wash .. — 05
TONOPAH MINES. , ;
Bid.Ask. ' Bid. Ask.
Colehan — 22|Reseue 14 15
Ksperanza ... 04 05jron Relmt.2 07H2 12S
Eula Con .. 25 — |Ton & Cal 22 —
Gipsy Queen.' 27 20 'Ton Fraction. — V>
Gold M Con. 15 22 1 Ton & G XV. 0B 11
Lucky Tom.. — 14 (Ton of Xev..7 75
MacNamara .; 27 30 Ton N Star. 45 —
Miz»»ah Ex .. — SO.Ton Midway. 49 31
Montana Ton. SO 90! Ton & S Lake — So
N Y Ton .... 12 15 Ton Union .. — " 90
Paymaster .. 19 —United Ton... 16 —
Pine Grove . . 50 — Utopia . . — 5g
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Minnie L.
Whitthorne (wife of William R.), lot on" E
line of Second avenue, 150 S of B street. S 25
by E 120; $10.
Benjamin R. Keith to Tomasina V. Keith,
lot on N llne-'of Twenty-first street, 125 E of
Guerrero. B 00 by N 115: gift.
Fal Fran* to Charles Severin. lot on Wline
of Alemany street, 100 N of Seventeenth, N 26
by W 74:10; $10.
Benjamin R. Keith to Tomasina V. Keith,
lot-on E lln# of Noe street, 100 S of Seven
teenth. S 60 by E 110; gift.
Home Fire and Marine Insurance Company
(formery Home Marine Insurance Company) to
Gabriel S. and Magrethe Turner, lot on E line
of Dolores strret, 125 N of Twenty-sixth, N 25
by E 125: $850. ' -
J.- B^ Oliver to.Hlbernla Savings »nd Loan
Society, lofon NW corner of No* and .Valley
streets. W 560 by N 228; also lot on SW corner
of 'Noe and Valley streets. W StfO, S 228.' E
455. N .61:6, E 105, N 176:6; quitclaim deed;
$10.
John F. Bush to Angelo and Natal« Cere
ghlno. lot on S line of Green street, 100 W of
Kearny. W 20 by S 60: $10.
. Lout* and Jennie Friedlander to George M.
Mitchell, lot on SW comer of Harlan place
and Grant avenue, W 65 by 8 44; $ld.
McCarthy Company (corporation) to Roy T.
Klmball, lot on W line of Pierce street 45 S
of Vallejo,- S 27:6 by W 112:6; quitclaim deed
$10.
Roy T. Klmball to Oscar Tobriner. same;
$10.
John O. Dyar to Marietta Dyar. lot on W
line of Tremont avenue. 660 S of Frederick
street. S 25 by W 80; gift. '
Ferdinand H. Eggers to Freda Eggwrs, lot on
E line of Belvedere street, 210 N of Frederick
N 25 by E 121:10%; gift.
Maurice C. and Alice M. Kittredge to Ezra
W. Hyde, lot on N line of Golden Gate avenue,
179:11 E of First avenue, E 50 by N 137:6; $10
Patrick C. and . Lillie J. Morton (by 8. C.
Rigelow and A. A. Smith, trustees) to Patrick
M. McOushin, 1732 D. 111. lot on SW line of
Tenth street. 200 NW of Bryant, NW 25- by
SW 100; $1590.
City and County of San Francisco to David
Samuels,- lot on SE corner of Ivy and Van Ness
avenues, S 30 by E 109; $ .
Carl V. and Emelie C. Anderson to D. J
Reeng. lot en S line of Hermann street. 00 E of
Steiner. E 25 by R 04:3%; $10.
Emelie Lyons to Henry E. Larwn. lot on S
line or Greenwich street, 100 W of Steiner W
25 by S 137:«: $lo. ¦- •¦ . > '
T ,7 f *°? >!k! i>? V - A.. Christopher C. and
Lily A. Rivers to Richard Bradley; lot on E
line of San Bruno avenue. 125 S of Twenty
fifth street. S 25 by E 100; $10 • ™««y
Same to Martin and Catherine Dabovich. lot
"StSrs Wr" £™. Vio nue ' 15 ° S of Twen *
James and MaryAndrews to A. L. McMillan,
.lot on E line of Thirteenth avenue, 200 N of
Clement street. N 25 by E 120; $10
Albert Meyer to Elizabeth 8. Callender. lot
on E line of Twentieth avenue, 250 N of I
street. N 25 by E 120; $10.
Same to Edith G. Bloomheart (wife of Wil-
V^ m c' # ot xr on . W . U 5 e of Seventeenth avenue,
125 S of H street, S 25 by W 120; $10
Wendell and Carrie Easton to Rudolphe
Iranke. lot on SW corner of Thirty-ninth ave
nue and X street. W 60 by S 123:11; also lot
on N line of Market street. 125 W of Thirty
ninth. W 75 by N 123:11: $10. '
Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society to Henry
"f^i £}?*&• lot on S llne of Greenwich street.
li°> , W , "'P" 1 ""*' w 34:4% by S 137:6; re!
corded July ». 1903; ?90O
v in^i™ cG w re ;. Or John H - Magulre. Peter
rfin ? tr im fn^' Ma « rulre and R ose A. Rior
dan ' (wife of Thomas D.). to Mary F. Murphy
(wife of Thomas H.), lot on NW line of How
9^ %l(T U sw of E'Khth. SW 25 by NW
Hlbernla' 1 Savings and Loan Society to Anne
SoweTl. E 0t 3 2 0 : n 8 S by H s ne 6 5 0f $Fo r0adWay -. 59 E ° f
| n f J °« h n n c!w d ,, Ami L e J real >' to Teresa Marchinl.
250 se of Bry -
Ellza Cooper to William S.' Taylor, lot on
Iw^V'sE lo- h Sl S O treet ' 20 ° SW Ot FOUrth '
J. Underwood Hall to Grace S. Hall, lot on
h^ Rw rn E % r of . S ' Xth and Br >' ant streets,. SE 50,
dj ov> so; gift.
Crees and Margaret E. Unger to Thomas J.
Coghlln, lot on N lint of Fell street. 56:3 W
of Central avenue, W 25 by N 100; $10.
John and Luna Stlerlen to Edward H. Ham-
Hn. lot on E line of Clayton street. 400 S of
Frederick. 8 26:1% by E 101:3; $10.
Florence M. McCann to Louise M. McCann.
lot on S line of Washington street, 107:8 W of
Maple. W 08:10. S 123:2%, E 69:4%. N 131:3%:
also lot on S line of Jackson street. 176:9 E of
Cherry. E 20:6 by S 127:8%; J10.
t Tf, ng £ I " ves tment Company to Robert B. and
£?i e ,^ R , UM> lot on E llne ot Stanyan street,
75 S of Carl, S CO by E 100- $10.
« t Ci^ y , a , nd Cou , ntv ot San Franckco to John
Hlr-rfel, lot on W line of Jessie street. 185 S of
|erft n h E I i 1^V E le^%!ri t o^nV f lln^ I oi
Hermann street. 62:6 E of Steven.on. E 25 by
S £5. also lot on SE corner of Hermann and
Valencia streets, S 85 by E 107-1- 2__
i^^Mfe!? m E °" dul ™°- 5
Adelheld and Charles A. J. T Rehm to Au
1 , 01 ; 011 k W "neof Ju7lan°a«:
100-' $1 Sixteenth street, N 30 by W
KwrK* lf» aV^ g8 C «" d L0an s °c'ety to John
Kerrigan, lot on SW corner of Twentv-flrst
llueter Frederick Tlllmann Jr. and as 1%"
on W^e o^Tow^t^
lot on S? n^ yr^ ?f. Uo v t0 Catherine Cahill.
lot on >. line of Elizabeth street. 100 E ot
Guerrero. E 25 by N 114; $10. Ol
r^iVlT 11 !* ' S f\ ltlg9 * nd ; Society to
Charles A. and Louise Carillon, lot on S line of
by Ve s n 75?$4m eet ' 65 W ° f Sher^ an . «0
John* Murphy to Bridget Murphy. Jot on SW
sToVV^Oonir* andD^W "reftl
Pacmc Exchange (by W. Hi' Wright. I. Herz
p-^^Jf" rT r^ Franks, surviving trustees) to
Florence G. Perrine. lot on E line of Moit
e5 m | r io street> 96:1 ° N of Plne> N 0:S by s
John J. and Sarah J. McLaughlln to Clara K.
Sutro. lot on W line of Buchanan street, 102:9
S of Jackson, S 25:1% by W 80; $10.
Clara H. and Wallace C. Wise to Melanle M.
Brooks, lot on' N line of Pine street, 81:3 W
of Buchanan, W 25 by N 110; $10.
Thomas H. and Sarah D. O'Connor to Laura
V. Holmes, lot on, N line of Golden Gate ave
nue, 104:4^6 W of Broderick street, W 26:6 by
N 137:6; $10.
Frederick T. and Leonora S. Duhring to city
and county of San Francisco, lot on N'line of
Green street. 232:5% W of Baker, being N of
Green and on E line of Pancho de Agua de Ft
gueroa, SW 133:iyi. NW 99:11, W 87:7^. SE
280:0%. E 80:7%. NW 141:3%, N 80 degrees
45 minutes, N 60:7%. for extension ot Green
and Lyon streets; $6500. , -
Estate of William K. Van Alen. deceased (by
O. D. Baldwin, executor) to F. J. McGHnchey.
lot on E line of Central avenue. 100 N of Sac
ramento street. N 27:8% by E 74:11; $3800.
Emma G. Butler to same, same, quitclaim
deed; $1.
Richard Harrold to Emma E. Harrold, lot
200. ?from Page street through to Lily avenue:
also lots. in San Miguel. or Sea View, comer of
Randolph and Orizaba streets, Nos. 153 to 15b;
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
THE SAN FBAKC1SCO GALL, SATURDAY, JULY 11, 1903.
13
BAILWAY TBAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
. I_iE3SSEE3 • .
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tibnron r:rry,_£oot of Market St.
SAW 7BA2TCZSC0 TO SAW BAJAKti.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:00." 9:00. 11:00 a. m.:
12:35, < 2:30, 3:40, 5:10. 5:30, 6:30 and 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30, 8:00. 0:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
2:30, 3:40. 5:10. 6:30 11:30 d. m.
SAN FBANCISCO TO SA2T EAFAEL.
WEEK DA Yg— 6:05, 6:50. 7:35, 7:50, 9:20.
11:15 a. m.; 12:50. t2:00, 3:40, 6:00. 5:20,
«:23 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45 p.m.
SUNDAYS— 6:50. 7:35. 9:20. 11:13 a. m.; 1:45.
.1:4.0, 4:50. 5:00, 5:2l>. 6:10. 6:25 p. m. tEx-
cept Saturdays.
Leave | In Kffect I Arrive •
San Franclgco. I May 3. 1903. |San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Dertlna- I Sun- ( Week
Days. I days. | ticn. | days. | Days.
7::tOa 7:45 a 7:45a
7:30a 8:00 a 8:40a 8:40a
.s:00a »:30a Ignaclo. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:Wp 2:3l>p 6:00 p 6:2Op
5:10 p 5:10 p 6:20 p 7:23 p
7:23 p
7:3«a 7:S0a . 7:43 a| 7:4.1a
S:0Oa 8:Wa Novato. 10:20 a 10:2t>a
2:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma «:2Op »:20p
5:10 p 2:30 p and |7:25p 7:25 p
6:10 p Santa Ro«a. | .
7:30 af 7:30 a 10:20 a!10:20 a
«:0Oa 8:00 a - Fulton. 7:25 p 6:20 p
2:30 p! 2:30 p | 7:23 p
, I - Windsor, ¦
7:30 a 7:30 a Mealdsburg.. lO:2aa 10:20 a
Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyservllle, 7:25 p 7:25 p
- Cloverdale.
7:30 al 7:3o"al Ilopland ~ II 0:20 a 1 10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. f 7:25 pi 7:25 p
7:30a|7:30a| Wlllits. |7:25p|7:25p j
S:00a| 8:0Oa| Camp Vacation. J10:2Oa!10:2O a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Guernevllle. | 7:23 p| 6:20 p
8:00 al 8:00 aT Sonoma. I 8:40 al S-40 a
5:10 p| 5:10 p| Glen Ellen. | 6:00 p) K:20 p
7:a0a| 7:30 a! 110:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:."0p! Sebastopol. |7:25p 6:2«)p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for ' • San-
Quentln. at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs: at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark
West SprinKs; at, Lytton for Lytton Sprinjrs;
at GeynervlUe for Skaggs Springs: at Clover-
dale for the Geyser*. Boonevilie and Green-
wood; at Ilopland for Duncan Springs. High-
land Springs. Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs.
Soda Bay. Lakeport «nd Bartlett Springs; at
Uklah for Vichy Springs,' Saratoga Sprtnsrs,
Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake Witter Springs.
Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley. John Day's.
Rlver#Ide, Llerly's. BuckneU's. Sanhedrin
Heights. Hullville. Orr's Hot Springs. Half-
way House. Comptche. Camp Stevens, Hop-
kins, Mendoclno City. Fort Brass. Westpjort,
Ueal: at Willlts for Fort Bragg, Westport,
Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo. Laytonvllle. Cum-
mings. B*H"s Springs. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer.
Garberville, Pepperwcod. Scotia and Eureka.
' Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rate9.
Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING. "^ R. X. RTA.V,
V Gen. Manager. Gen. Pas.' Agt. !
IHBWHBB T0 SAN RAFAEL
||^|i3,|||| SAM QUENTIN,
MILL VALLEY,
|||ffgp%g|| CAZADZRO, ETC.
via SaU3alito Ferry
WEEK" DAYS ~~ ( Holidays excepted) — 6:45,
t*7:45. 8:45. 9:45. 11 a. m.. 12:20. '1:15. 3:13.
4:15. t5:15. *6:15. 6:45, 9. 11:43 p. m.
7:45 a. m. train week days doea not run to
Mill Valley.
SUNDAYS AND LEGAL HOLIDAYS— 7.
t9. t*9. t*10. 11. ttl:30 a. m.. |12:30. 1*1:30.
2:35 *3:50. 5. 6. 7:30, 9, 11:45 p. m.
Trains marked (•) fun to San Quentln.
Those marked (t) to Fairfax, except 5:15 p. m.
Saturdays. On Saturdays the 3:15 p. m. train
runs to Fairfax.
- FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Week days— 5:25. $6:25. 7:40. 8:15. t»:35.
11:05 a. in.. 12:30, 2:20. J3:43. 4:50. 5:30. 6:45.
10:20 p. m. .
SUNDAYS— 6:15. 7:.T5. tS:10. 0:40. J10:55.
tll!45 a. m.. 12:50. 2:30, t3:25. 4:40. J5:6o.
6:55. 7:35. 10:20 p. m.
Trains marked (t> start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Week days— 5:45. 6:40, 7:45. 8:25.
9:45. 11:10 a. m., 12:40. 2:45, 5:15. 5:10. 7:05,
10:40 p. m; - - ¦
SUNDAYS— 6:35. ¦' 7:55. 10. 11:10 a. m.. 12:05,
1:06, 2:40. 3:45. 4:55, 6:05.. 7:10. 10:40 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m.. week days — Cazadero and way
stations. ' . • : '¦
5:15 p. m.. week days (Saturdays excepted)
—Tomales and way stations. . - , . ,
• 3:15 p. m., Saturdays — Cazadero abd way
stations. .
Sundays and Legal . Holidays — 8 *; m. Caza-
dero and way station*. •
Sundays and I^egal Holidays — 10 a. m.. Point
Reyes and way stations. . •
TICKET OFFICE-^«20 Market st.
FERRY— Foot of Market st. .
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave -- Tia SnaUiu ftrry Arrive
SanFran. . H**t aUrktSl SanFran.
Week Sun- - - ana . Sun- Week'
Days. days jjgfljWWK days Days.
»:45a 8:OO A KS^OiMA 1*:OOn 5TT5X
l:45r »:OOa t^^^gW 12:SOp3:3Op
8:15p 1O:OOa WSg^gBT 3:S0r 5:50p
~ 11:3Oa 4:35> ,._
, , l:3Op Ttf3*r^ 5:45r ...„__
gaterisyi saljr. itaT* Tmrai giSOr.grrwlr. ll:30>
TICIK 1 626 Maxxxt St- (North Shore Railroad;
OrnCB ( and Sausauto Fexky. Foot Market St.
BAILWAY TBAVZL. t. .'-
¦¦¦¦.,.— ,...,. ....mi
California
Limited...
To CHICAGO '%
Wf ffffi^l . An I d eal Train
iliHisSIl] or Th° se Who
lOiQl Seek the Best *
SAHTA FE TBAINS. V
Leave Market-atret Ferry Depot.
__ __ Local I Llm'd I Local I Ov'rr*
1 Daily [ Daily I Pally 1 Daily
Lv. Pan Fran.. 7:3© a) »:XO a| {:W v\ S:<X> P
Ar. Stockton... 10:40 a 12:01 pi .:10 p 11:15 J»
"Merced.... 1:05 p 1:35 pi J ?? *
"Fresno .... 2:4«> pi 3:2f» p 3 15*
" Han ford .. 4:5S p -V.W p| •:«* *
"Vlsalia .... 4:55 p 4:48 p 5:0O a
I "Bakersfleld 7:15 p «:«> p IS*
• "Kansas City 2:3."V a »:«> *
"Chicago 2:15 p ° : «« P
" " **
a for morning; p for afternoon.
;^)a. ro. Dally i» Bakersneld Local, stop-
pins at. all point* tn San Juaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at S:55 a. m. daily.
»:Srt 'a. m. Mondar and Thurad;ry l.» the
CAXTFOSZOA LIMITED, caxryin* Pal-
ace Sleeping: Car* and Dining Cars
through to Chicago. Chair car run* to Baktrs-
fleld for accommodation of local flrst-claas pas-
sengers. No second-class tickets are honored
on this- train. Corresponding- train arrives at
11:10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday.
U:30 a. m. Daily, Valley Limited. Compaiitu
Car and Keclinlne Chair Car between Baker»-
fleid and San Francisco. Corresponding trala
arr»ve» ajt 11:10 p-. m. dalrr.
4:0»> p. m. is Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrives at 11:10 a. m. daily.
M:CO ii. m. dally i* the Overland Express
with through Palace and Tourist Sleeper* and
Free Reclining Chair cars to Chicago; al«o
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Co*-'
responding train arrives at 0:25 p. m. daily.
Personal!-- conducted partles.for Kansas City.
Chicago. and East leave dan Francisco every
Monday. Thursday and Saturday at <* p. m.
Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferry De-
pot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oakland, j
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave ami ar* due to arrive at
SAN FUAN ClfCO.
*» Qfata Line, Foct *f Msrtcet Street ) +* ¦
uat« — y*oM Jc»* at. ma. — A«*rra
7.IMU BeDtel*. Sulaoa. IClintrasad Saer*-.
¦ neato ..i.. J-?5*
7.00*. YseavIUe. Winters. Kantsey 7.2S»
7.90a MarrUne*. Sma Rimoi. V»UeJ«»
Xsp*. CtfUtcg*. S»nt» Kota. JMf
7.50a >'I1m. L«thr.i?. Stockton 725*
8 COa I)*Y!«,Wo-.d'aa«J. Kni«ht» LiH.Hne. • ¦-'.
.M&rysTi::*. OroviU*. (connects
«Msryr»Ule for Grldiey, BJg**
aadCbiro) 7g»
ICO* Atlia'.lc Eipreii-Ojdrn »od t*»i. 10.2&A
¦ .00a fort Costs, Maniacs. AatLach. Kj-
r«n.Tr«cy.Sto<ktoB.S»cr«iaeat«. . . .
Loa Dodos. Mendot*. Ilioford. ,
Ylsarl*. rortervllle- ¦>4.ZS»
8.00 a Fort Coata. Mmrtlaez. Lainrop, kf o-
de*to. Merced. Fresno. Ootfte*
Janctica, Baator*. VUaUa,
BakcrtfleSd 6.25»
8 30a SfcNsu Express ~ Davit. Wlllt»m»
(for IUrtlett Jprtnffs). 'Wlllowa, ' .
tFmto, Ded Dlaff. PorUftad 7.56*
1.39a Xlles. San Jom. UveTtnore. 3toek<
tOB.lttne.S>eraTne»to,PlaeerfUle»
MsrysrlUe. Cklce. Re4 Blofl «-29»
8.30a Oakdaie. Chine**. Jameatow*. So-
nora. Taoronrae *a« Aag*la ..... 4 25»
9.00a M»rt Inez »nd W«r StsUsis. - •.£§»
1000a V*lleJ« : 12.25*
•10.00a CretceBtCUT Bzpreas. E»stboond.
—Port Cut*. Brnm. Tr»eT. La-
t&rop. Stockton. Merced. Bay
moad. Fresno. Has ford, VlMlia, *£r%
- — Bskersiicld. Lo* A**;efci* «nd * -
Ifew Orleans. CWtttbomd ar-
rives a* Piwtflc Coast express.
vi* Coast Line; *1.30>
10 00a Tne Overland Limited — Ogdea,
Denver, Omaha. Chicago.......... 8 Z5»
12.00m Hayward. VUt* and Way 8uUon«. 125*
ti.OO SnrrsmrntoHlvrr Steamer*........ til M*
. 3-JOf Benlci*. Waters. Sacrsmento,
Woodland. WUIUass, Colow.WU-
> lows. KdIkJsU LandlDf. Msrys-
ville. OroTllIe and way «t*t>ons.. 1068a
ZZQv Hsy ward, JJlles and ir>y Sutton*.. 7S5>
4 COP Jl»rt!uez.S»ur.»incm.V»llelaJl»j>«.
C'.*IUSo*a.. PaalA Rot*. ... S.2S*
4-OOp M anise*. Traey.LathTOpJStoektoa. 10 2Sa
4 00p KHes.Llvermore.8tocktoa.Lodl.. 4.2Sf
4.30P B*yward. Kile*. Irvlagton. Saa I ta.55 a
Jose. Ltvermore f tii.M*
6 00r The Owl Limited— Fresno. Tniire,
Btkersfleld, Lot Aowlet; con- - -,¦'
B«ct* *t S»a»u» for 8tnt* B»r-
D*r» I-Ma
BCOp Fort Cost*, Tracy. Stockton. Lo*
Bano* 12 zB»
1530P Nlle». 8»n Jo«f :Lwtl 7.25a
S-COr H*yw*rd.Nll«aaDdSao Joa« 10.2&*
645Or Oriental il»n — O»den. Denver.
Omahs. 8t. Louts. Chicago and
r E»n. (Carries Pnllmtn Cm p*»-
•enzer* only out of 8*a Fran-
cisco. Tourist car and cotca
, passensers take 1M r. v. trala
to Krno. rontlnuloit thenee la
their ears • r ». train eastward.. 4.29a*
WestDonnd. 8«aset Limited.—
. From Jfew Tork. Chicago. Kew
Orleans, El Paso. Les Ascot**,
Fresno, Berends. Raymond (from
Tosemtte). Uartise*. Arrive*.. *%2»* '
7C0p 6*b Psblo. Fort Costa, M*rUae»
and Way SUtlon*. t12S*
a.tttr Vtllejo 7SS»
70O Fort Costa, Benlcla. Sultoa, Davlii,
., ¦ Sacramento. Trnckee, Bcao.
Stopa at sil ' ststlos* ea«t of
Eacrstnento 7.55a
8.05> Oregoa A C»l!fornla Kxpr*»s— Sao- -..- r
j rsjasato, llarytvtlle. Reddiac ¦¦
Portland, Paces Sound sad Kaat. aV8&*>
tSlOr Baywtrd, Klles ind San Joae (Son-
• dsyoely) ri1-53»
11.25f Fon CoDta, Tmcy, Laihrop. Mo>
detto. Merced. Ktrmond (to To- -
i Semite.), Freaao 12 2S»
HanforA. Vl—Jla. B*keT«fleId...... g.tSy
COAST LI N E <J»rn»w «aac*V
(Foot of Market 8treet.) -
17^45 a - Eanta Crux Kxenrston (SnBday, *
„ • only) «.tO»
•-15a Kewsrk. Centerville. 8aa Jo««. ti>.
Felton, Boalaer Creek. Saata
Cruz and Way Station*. S.2B*.
t2.16> Kewark. Centerrill*. Saa Jose,
New Ahn!vl?a.Lo»G»to«.Felto«,
• ;¦" Boalaer Creek. Ban ta Crux and
- Principal Way Station* 19-51*.
4.1Sr Kewark. Saa Jose. Lo* O*to* aad ,
-"way station* (on Saturday and '
, Panday runs tbrongk to Pant*. *
Cru. connects at Felton for |
- Boulder Creek. Monday ootj
¦ from 8*nt* Ctbj) H-8B*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN !• KAN CISCO, Foot of Market St. (tltaft)
— 17:13 9:10 11:00 a.m. 1.00 SOS 515 r.m.
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — 1«:» J3:fl»
t8:03 10:Or>A.». 12 00 tJM 400 T.M.
COAST LINE <Br««4 Saas*).
(TMrd and. Town— nd Street*.)
0.10a San J«ae an4 Way StoUonf.. ....... 7J0?
17-00 a Ssn Jose and Way SUUoo* &.30r
/7 00a NewAtaadett /4Mtr
:7.15a Monterey and Saata Craa Xxevr
aloa (Sunday *mly> tS-SO»
•8-OOa CoastLine Limited— Stepsonly Saa
Jose,Oilroy.BoIIi*ter,rs)*ro.Ca*>
trovllle. Salts**, 8*a Ardo, Pa**
Robles. Santa Margarita; Saa La!*
Ot>lspo,(pr1ncrp*] ststtonttbenoe)
Esnt* Barbara, and Los Aa-
geles. Connection st Csstrovtll*
lo aod from Monterey and PaclSo
Grove *nd at P*J*ro north bound
- tron Capitol* and BantaCrns.... 1&4BJ
BCOa B*n Jo»<\ Trea Pino*. Capitola,
8*at*Cras,P*ciacOrov*.S*naa«,
Ban Luis Oblspo asd Principal
Intermediate Statlonp .......... 4-10»
Wettbonnd only. Pacific Coa*t Ex-
»re«s.— From New YCTk,Cble*(ro,
Kew Orleans. El Paso. Lo* An-
feles, Ssnts Barbara. Arrlvei.. t.S&f
ID-jOA Ssn Jose aod Way Stations. 1.20»
11 30a Saa Joa*, Loa Gatos and Way St*-
•'l^_ tlon 5.35F
«1 JOr Ea» Jose and "Woy Station* x 7.00r
*C0n San Joaa and Way Statlona 1&44U
114-COr Del. Monte Kxprea*— Sant* Clara,
« Saa Jote, Del Monte, Monterey. .
' Pacific Grove (connect* st Santa
• Clara for Ssnt* Cru*. Boulder
_ Creek and KarrowG»aee Points) t12-1S*
OSiQr Bnr lings me. San Mat to. Redwood.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto, MayfleM, . o .
Mountain View.L*wrence. Santa
Clar*. San Jos*. Gilroy (conneo-
. tlon for Bailltter. Tres PInos).
<*¦ - Fsjsro (connection for Watson-
' v >I!le. Capttol* and Saata Crux). • r\ -*¦
Fseific Giov* and way station*.
Connect* at CastrorQI* for Sv '
M ,^_ llnat j...'. 10US*
t>4.30r Pan Joao aid Way SUtion* 8-38a
oISXOp San Joae.. (via- Santa Clara) Lc* ¦. •
Gatos, Wright and Principal Way
Stations ........... ~ ffl.CQA
o55JOp 6anJo«e and Principal Way Station* 18.00a
•18.16* SanMatfo.15rrnford.BetmoBt.Saa
Carlo*. Redwood. Fair ¦ Oaks, - -
MenloPark. Palo Alto. ...,-. '1f.4t>
6.30s Ssn Joae snd Way Stations.' B.3Sa
•7 COj- Saatet Limited. Baatbonnd:— Ssa
Lais Obispo. S*nt* Barbara, Lo*
Asgeie*. Drrnlog:. El Paso, Krw V :~
; Orleans, Xew Tork. (Westbound
•rTtveavlaSanJcaqniayalley)... rtTSx
B.tur Palo Alto tn« Way Sutiona 10.15a
n1130i Mlllbrae, Palo Altoanl Way StA-
tlon* ; t9-4£p
• 11 30PMIilbrae, San Jose and Way Sla-
tlona..... t».4S>
A for Morning. P tor Afternoon.
X Saturday sad Bnnday only.
t Stops at all stations on Sunday.
\ Sunday excepted. J Sunday only.
• B*tnrd»7 only.
* Connects at Goihen Jc. with tralaa for Had fort
Visaila, At Fretno. for VlsaJl* via S»azw
«TI* Cout Line. J Tuesday and Friday.
tn Arrive vi* Nile*, si Dally except Saturday,
w Via San Joaquln Valley.
1 Stops Santa Clar* soath bound only. Conaaasa
except Sunday, for all point* Narrow Gaaj*.
jHoea oat hub *t.T*'— '- t*~
THOMAS UAGEE & EON?.
RSAL ESTATE AGENTS.
5 Montgomery *U
NEV/ PROPEUT1I2S.
?1 1.000.
North bide of Suiter Ft< In very cood resi-
dence rentir.s locality.
Mxl.;7:C.
Lot perfectly level ami ready, t» build on,
with street work ar.d tidewalk all done.
S-.'.OOfl.
posT-sTiiEET nrv. .
riow to Hyde *i. : noarly 40 ft. front, with
pood frame hcusts » cood riosifcnve neigh -
Lcihood.
WASHINGTON-ST. RESIDENCE.
27:6xl^T:« ft.
Wry rood 2-story nv.d basement r-sidrnoe: S
rooms ar.d bath; all vrry laru»> and Jtmajr
rooms; furnace in house and «.|pctrio IlKMing:
Mgn brick foundation and plaster* d basement:
Ftml bituminized: artificial stone sidewalk;
concrete wall; mapniScent view of the Presidio.
<;olden Gate and Marin County BUI*; this resi-
dence ig cheap.
t'.czio.
RESTS 1103 A MONTH.
llarrif-on «t* : four 2-ftory U&me buildings:
ell rented, with one cxc-ci tun or *5. Trile is a
remarkably fine income on the amount in-
V€6tt-d. Particular* at our otflce.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS CORNER.
27:6x110 ft., with dej'th of lot on nortn «ide
rf etreet: way fin* iwUirnr* locality and «?xtra
fine view of "the bay and eurroundingg.
$J4.<KK».
WASHINGTDN-.-T. CORNER FLATS.
RENTS *1M» A MONTH.
Four firi-t-Was* flats on corner in Western
Addition- v<-r> substantially built and complete
:n every detail; excellent residence locality.
$7«K».
TA TLOR- STREET RESIDENCE.
Ciose to the Fairmont Hotel.
This neighborhood has splendid prospect In
the very rrar future.
fl.-5.O00.
VALLEJO-ETREET RESIDENCE. "
Lot 30x137:6 ft.
New end artistically plastered hous*. with
English basement and two stories and attic;
«eU and completely finished; fine residence lo-
cality «.r.d good view of the bay.
THOS. MAGEE & SONS.
5 Montgomery st.
\C. 3. GUNN.
630 CALIFORNIA STREET.
$l.S0O— Building lots, very « holce. in that
new and desirable neighborhood where
flret-class and coetly residence* are go-
ing up; £5x120 each, with pretty view
and looking into Presidio: on high
ground. ready fcr building: street
work done; a few stepe from the elec-
tric cars; easy term* can be arranged:
you can pay in Installments If you
wish; only a few ieft; west side of
Sixth ave., north of Lake n.. up to-
ward the Presidio wall. Our slims on
the lots. If you are looking around for
a building eit* examine these lots; tun
front ar.d rear; Just the right location,
f 10,000— Green, north side. Just -east of De-
visadero; 60x105; the choicest residence
lot on Pacific Heights with grand ma-
rine view.
$1.750 — Union, north aide, west from Broder-
ick: lots 23x100; fine marine v;ew; cheap.
$2. 600 — Union, north «ide, near Scott; Idts
25x110; cheap.
14.000 — Business lot on Union, &0xll0; a fine
buy.
1775 — 1 lot left en north «iae A. near Eighth
eve.. 23x100; cheapest lot In Richmond;
fewered; ready for buildiryj; 3 - lines
cars: can borrow $600; fine buy; cost
$1250 daring Midwinter Fair; 2 flats
will pay 2 per cent a month.
fC50 only for both — Another bargain; 2 lots
a few step* from the Park; Rulton-st.
oars pass: T>0xJ.2O; marine view; a fine
investment.
VT. J. GUNN,
630 California st.
FOR SALE BT C. S. CAPP & CO..
630 Market tt.
POST st., bet. Octavia and Lacuna; N side;
let SA: 10x90; fine location for flats.
ALPINE Ft., bet. 13th and 14th; 25x100; fine
vi^w; accessible: cheap.
TWENTIETH «.. bet. Church and Sanchez;
2 lots, each 25x114; cheap.
TWENTY -THIRD St., bet. Bryant and Tork;
?.ot 25xl«>rt. with 3-room cottage; cheap.
FOLSOM st., bet. Sd and 4th; Urge lot; old
Srr.provenvnts: rents ?100 net; cheap.
MCALLISTER Et.. S. side. bet. Pierce aad
Keott: 2Sxl37:e; first-rate neighborhood; atiy-
tr-me- huilt there will rent well.
PIERCE st.. between California and Sacra-
mento: let 120 feet frr»nt; 2 corners; with 6
a-ood houses: well rvnted to pond tenants.
Apply to f. P. CATP A CO., .Real Karate
Agrnts. <53<> MarkPt Ft.
FOR 6ALE— Make offer for 6 lots: all level;
no grading necessary; a fin* location for a
h=mt: close to Mission electric car: eoreer
Brazil eve. and Munich *t. ; will sell one or
atl. Address A. O. CLARK, care of Call
fcuvlres* office.
THE BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPA-
NT. S11-R12 Callaghan building, will buy you
a lot ar.d trulM you a house; small cash pay-
ment; t« r»r month pays principal and in-
terest en each $1000 of balance due.
WHOLE blr>ck cf houses Just started near th«
Park en Carl. Cole. Shrader&Parnassus av*. ;
plans term* prices to suit; »pp!y premises.
James rovntp.ee a CO.. 137 Carl st.
NEW houses and flat* on Second *ve, and C
§>t. for sale on easy payments; one block to
McAllister cars; prices to suit you; open.
HOME 1-u in '.ho MlfKi^n. $500; $10 monthly;
no ir.terest. Owner, 636 Clay st., room L
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
T/nltefl 6tat»g or Canada one year for fl.
HCAJ. ESTATE — CoaBtry— For s » lc -
FOR PALE BT C. P CAPP & CO.,
Real Estate Agents, 630 Market et.
Fif'y acres in heart of Mill Valley. Marin
County; ccn\-enient to railroad; suitable for
plrni<* grounds nr subdivision into buitdmg
lots: to be soli as a wh"lt.
On>r fSOrt acr*s fin* stock lands in Monterey
' and Pan TVriito counties; well watered and
very desirable.
Al*o 122ft a<-res ad.iolnlr.r: pood etock land; for
ssl# separately <"<r tn?rnh«-r.
o\*r £0&arref in Fresno County; 10 miles from
Fresno: withranal and right of way; on the
iip<» cf S. P. R. R. and Fan Joaouln River.
> full block in Fresno; m-ell located and a bar-
gain.
4*> cr €40 arres In Tehama County, within
a mile or •"» of railroad; near Hooker sta-
tion, 10 miles north of Red Bluff.
ALFALFA lands, rtock ranches, orchard*.
vineyards: inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logue sent Sree. C M. WOOSTER CO..
Market rt.
' SAX MATEO REAL ESTATE.
FOR eaie — S'4 acre*. 1 mile from San Mateo:
S>-r©om house; barn and chicken-houses: 1
acr* in fruit trees; price $5300. JOE BE-
EIS. San Mateo.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
AI.AJIKDA REAL KSTATE.
JUST WHAT TOU -ARE LOOKING FOR!
A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
Surrounded toy flower* and fruit tree*: near
train and schools; only $2800; lot 75x123.
Nice ft-room cottar* and bath.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
TM. Orand 1461. 1500 Park *t.. Alaraeda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELET REAL ESTATE.
Al»x. Murdock It Co.. Lorin station, Berkeley—
llezl estate brokera. owner*, builders, etc.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
CnODCB W. AVFTTN.
1002 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
$119 to $200 down; 2-»tory. comfortable hou*«
of 6 rooms, bath, gas and modern conven-
iences; newly painted and papered; lot 50*
130 (note the tize); barn and well; one
block frorj Telegraph ave.; easy monthly
payments: liberal discount will be allowed
for all casn ever present mortgage ot $1000.
OAKLAXIi FtHMTUIlB FOR SALE.
FUliNITUP.E good and cheap^r^mthT^Sl
SCHKLLHAAF. 40S Eleventh rt.. Oakland.
-Ji^l'igjyniTiSst*. Ajrp^urPLiEs.^.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TyPEWUITEnS— W*
cell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rental* $3. The Typewriter
Exchar.se. L..C California;. telephone Main 298.
A FEW fiocjl typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticoltrs. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
com cry rt,
SIVHAN1> typewriters eoKJ. rested, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inepec Co.. 2W b&ntome.
ROO3IS FOR HOUSEKEEPIXG. '
A NEW apartment house: furnished and tin--
furei^ed rooms; new management: elevator;
hot and cold water. 1C49 Market, opp. Jone*.
AT Mayflower; cut rates now for summer. 008
3d tt.; *5 up; alto beautiful rooms >1 week.
CENTRAL ave.. C2. near Haight — 3 sunny un-
fu*-n room* for housekeeping, inc. kitchen.
j FOURTH. 225— Nice large' housekeeping room;
j also cinele rooms.
GUERRERO. 220^ — Three sunny nicely furnish-
ed housekeeping rooms; phone, bath and
gag range.
HERBERT (The)— Sunny apartment* for
housekeeping; gas ranges; just newly fur-
nished. 1530 Pork *t. .
] KEARNY. 104—3 unfurnished eunny rooms.
>-0; no children.
' OAK. 117— Sunny furnished suites. $12 and $8;
gas range, hot bath, laundry; single $5;
s adults.
SACRAMENTO 1323—1 furnished or 2 unfur-
nlthed front rooms; new flat:
j STOCKTON. 12O«— Model house: new furnlsh-
Ied housekeeping roomn; $5 and $12.
TURK, 545 — Furnished rooms for housekeep-
, ing; gas. bath and phone.
I VALENCIA. IK? — Three large, sunny rooms,
I furnished complete for housekeeping; separate
entrance front and back, with bath and gas;
no nnall children; rent >22 50.
VAN NESS ave.. 706 — Three basement room*
in rear "complete for housekeeping, f 18.
| CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
j A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
FUbscriptions has been established at 1096
! Valencia St.
I ROOMS TO LJST — Knrn. and l!n(nrn.
A — '' " ~™
GRAND ARMY OF THE REPUBLIC.
ENCAMPMENT AUGUST. 1903.
The Committee on Hotels and Accommoda-
tions of the Grand Army of the Republic
has arranged
With the
CITY ROOM RENTING AGENCY.
1K«4 Market et.. cor. Turk and Market.
Rooms :; and 4, Phone Jessie 4471,
To act with the Committee in locating
visitors to the Encampment, in private
residences, boarding and rooming nou»e*.
Householders desiring to accommodate visit-
ors are requested to. notify without delay, the
City Room Renting Agency of such accom-
modations as they have to offer. None but
thoroughly resix-cta ble houses will be listed,
and the came will be subject to inspection by
i a representative of the Agency, and fn all
' cases must be approved by the O. A. R.
I Committee of Managf ment before . visitors
will be aligned thereto. ; .. ' '
A. A. — City Room Iteming Agency, > i
1104 Market st.. cor. .Turk and Market sts..
Room* 3 and 4.- Phone Jessie 4471. ¦
FREE FREE
We locate you free or charge
in ltooms with or 'without board.
Housekeeping Rooms or Hotel*.
A— HOTEL NETHERLAND — EUROPEAN
PLAN. IS TURK ST.. 4 DOORS ¦ FROM
MARKET; 250 OUTSIDE ROOMS; STEAM
HEAT AND TELEPHONE IN sEVEHY
ROOM: RATES 75c A DAY UP; SPECIAL
RATES BY THE MONTH.
A — HOTEL GRAYSTONE.
66 GEARY ST.. PHONE BUSH 880.
CENTRALLY LOCATED: ELEGANT SUITES.
WITH BATH AND SIXGLKS.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth — Rooms
25c to $1 per night. 91 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open al! night;
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth Ft)— Rooms, 25c. 50c, $1, $1 50 night;
$1 50 to ?10 week; house open all night.
ANTLERS. 415 Turk — 3. 4 and 5 room apart -
ments Tor hkpg.; strictly mod.; elec. elevator.
ARDELL. 15 Page — Large furnished house-
keeping rms.. double beds. $1 25. 1 1 50. $2wk.
A LARGE furnished room for 1 or 2 genti;
bath; running water; references. 889 Post st.
BURNETT, 1426 Market— (old No. 1364)— Fur-
clshed rooms, suites, single; also furnished.
CLIFFORD— 204 Ellis, cor. Maaon— Elegantly
furnished gunny rooms; prices reasonable.
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission — Hooms 50c
to $1 50 night; >2 to »8 week; reading-room.
HOTEL ST. VINCENT, 541 Sixth— Beautifully
furnished; rooms single or en suite; $1 per
week up.
HOWARD, 1003— Furnished rooms; $1 50 per
week up. The Harvey. . '
HOWARD. 107g — 3 rooms in rear house; $6.
LAPIDGE, 29 — Sunny furnished room fcr gen—
tleman: private family; no other rooms.
MARKET. 1008 \i~ Large front room to let; $8
month. -. .
MISSION. 1425»i— Furnished rooms with bath.
tl 50 per week up.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
office*; elevator: elec. H grits; day, week. mo.
ROYAL Houve. 126 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms per night, 35c to $1 50; week. $2
to $S; month. $$ to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SUTTER, 9C7, near Leavrnworth — An elegant,
eunny room for (3 a week: single rooms $10
a month; bay-window suites- $20 up; cars
direct to ferry. Cliff House and Park.
TO let — A newly furnished front bay-window
| room in new modern flat, with use of bath:
15 minutes from Third and Market sts. ; north
eide of Market; handy to 3 car lines; must
have references. . Box 13, Call office. -
TURK. 416. Regina — Beautiful sunny suites St
tingle; latest lmpts; lowest rates In the city.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy et.. near Market
— «00 *ingle and family rooms; 35c to $1 |
eight; (175 to $6 week; elevator; electric
lights: reading-room; free bus and baggage.
VAN NESS ave.. 519— Renovated; handsome
•unny furnished suites front rms; mod. conv.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
S5c to $1 50 night; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights: reading-room: free bus; baggage.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received «tC«H branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions ha* been established at 1096
Valencia tt.
ROOMS AAU BOARD.
AMOT. THE 901 DEVISADERO ST.
Strictly first-class family hotel; tunny rooms,
suite or elogie; billiards; *team heat.
VAN NESS. 1714— Select private boarding-
house; rooms single or en suite; desirable lo-
cation: all conveniencos of home.
OLD Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church,
with annex. 807 California et. — Attractive In-
terior; exceptional table; free billiard-room.
1620 GEARY — Large sunny room; hot and
cold, water; gentleman preferred.
SILVER, 95 — FurniEhed eunny rooms: suitable
for gentleman; excellent board; reasonable.
THE JOHNSON. 605 O'Farrell St.— Sunny
. »ulte» and single rooms, with board: refs.
I'lfY&IClAXS AXD tl'KGEOSS.
DR. C C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021H Market «t.. bet. Sixth and Seventh,
REMOVED— DR. WONO HIM, herb doctor;
treat* all diseases of the human body; for
pact four years at 115-117 Mason: now lo-
cated at CC7 Geary St.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY, successor to Dr. LI Po
Tel, herb doctor; cure* all disease* of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
BLOOD, akin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market St.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dis-
ease* cur»d by CMne»i> herb*. 74<M5 Clay st.
SKW1XG JIACHIMJS AND SUPPLIES
115 CO drop- head oak. guaranteed; second- hand,
96 to $15; some nearly new; 60 days' exchange
agreement. Chicago S.M.Exchange, 933 MkL
tt.. bet. 5th and 6th; phone South 433: eleva-
tor: branch. 2S5 Geary st.: phone Main 750.
STDTTKItlXG AXD STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE System School, Van Ness and
Market: positive cure for all. Don't delay.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
dTC'TdEND^NOTICE — The Phoenix Savings.
Building and Loan Association. No. C38 Cali-
fornia Ft., Ban rranclsco, Cal.,- has declared
k mi-annual dividend* to June 30, 1903,' pay-
able July 20, 1903, at the following rates, to
wit: - On installment certificates, 9 per cent
per annum; time deposits, 6. per. cent per an-
num;, savings account!* (withdrawable at any
time), 4 V4 per cent i tr annum. A. A. Wat-
kins, president; C. R. Bishop, vice president;
E. Prentlss Smith; treasurer;- C. . Grange,
managing director. •-¦."- •
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Nevada National
Bank of San Francisco — At a regular meet-
Ing of the board of director* ot this bank,
\ held July 7. 1903. a dividend was declared for
the half year ending June 30. 1903.. at tha
rat* of 7 per cent per annum, payable on
and after the 15th list. Transfer book* will
be closed from the 10th to the 15th inst..
both days inclusive. San 'Francisco.. July 7,
1903. GEORGE GRANT. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— French Savings Bank.
315 Montgomery st. For the half year end-
Ing June 30. 1903. a dividend has been de-
clared at the rate of three and one-eighth
<"'.>.) per cent per annum on ¦ all deposit*
free of taxca; payable on and after Wednes-
day. July 1. 1903. CHARLES CARPY. Pres-
ident; LEON BOCQUERAZ, Secretary. ¦ .
(Saturday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the parlor*
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to. Mission Dolores Church, where a
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of hid soul at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. ' -
DORCEY— In this city, July 9, 1903, Johfl
Dorcey, late of Baden, San Mateo County,
a native ot County Kilkenny, : Ireland, aged
¦54 years. . ¦¦ . . • • ¦•.; ••
(E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral ; to-day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy <& Co., 1239 Market - street, thence
to St. Brendan's Church for; services. * -Inter-
ment Koly Cross Cemetery, .-by 11:30 o'clock
train f rcm Third and Townsend streets.
ENNIS— In Oakland, July 10. 1903. Mrs.i.Mllly
Enni*. beloved- mother of 'Mrs. Mabel Mag-
ner, Edith and Da lay Ennls and Mrs. Helen
Farhner, a native of Germany, aged 48 years
10 months and 20 days. A member of Gold-
en Gate Assembly No. . 62, United Artisans,
and Pride of the Forest No. 122.
(CTTriendi and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at 3 o'clock, at the resi-
dence of James Taylor, 1211 Clay street,
Oakland. . • ; . . _ ' «¦ . < -. \
GIBSON— In this city, July 9, 1903, Delia, be-
loved , daughter of the late John and Mary
Gibson, and sister of Joseph and John Gib-
eon, Mrs, Annie Covey, Mrs.; Mamie Ander-
sen and the late Charles Gibson, a native of
San Francisco, aged 30 years.
[ErFriend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the'parlors
of ' the Henry J. Gallagher ¦ Undertaking
Company, 20 Fifth street, thence .to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
i Holy Cross Cemetery.;
YOUNG LADIES' INSTITUTE No. 2— You are
hereby notified to attend the funeral of our
deceased sister, Delia Gibson, to-day (Sat-
urday), at 9 o'clock, from *.St. Joseph'*
Church. MARY HALTON. President.
MARY DONOVAN, Secretary..
HOLMES-^In Los Angeles, July 8. 1903. James
N. Holmes, beloved husband of Elizabeth
Hamilton Holmes, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 47 years and 11 months.
HOMAGER— In Oakland, July 8, 1903, Henry,
beloved husband of Sarah A. Homager, a
native of Pottttown, Pa., aged 69 years 11
months and 16 days.
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday afternoon. July 12, 1903. at 2 o'clock,
at the A. M. E. Church. Fifteenth street,
near Market, Oakland. Funeral under the
auspices of Occidental Lodge No. 2484. G.
. N./O, O. F.: Oakland Literary Aid Society;
Household of Ruth No. 458; Lyon Poet No.
8, G. A. It., and Ladles', Relief Corps of
: Lyon Post. Interment Mountain JView Ceme-
¦ tery. ". . ;
KENNY— In this city, July 9. 1903, Genevleve.
dearly beloved daughter of Jerome and Mary
: Kenny, loving sister of* Edwin J. ami Lau-
rence J. Kenny, a native, of San Francisco,
aged 4 months and 22 days. • - ¦ >•
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to . attend' the funeral . to-day
: (Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of. the Darents,V029, Dolores, street,- .between
Eighteenth, and Nineteenth, . thence tp elec-
tric funeral car at Eighteenth and Guerrero
' streets. • Interment! Holy Cross Cemetery. ._
KUEHNE— In this city. July 10, 1903, Gus-
! tave. dearly beloved husband of Minnie G.
Kuehne, father of Gustave Kuehne Jr.. and
' brother of. Alvln Kuehne. a native of Ger-
many, aged 2.S years and 1» days.
LONG — In Marysville, July 10, 1903, Edwin I.
Long, son of, the late Nicholas and Caroline
Long, father of Edwin Long, and brother of
Mrs. F. H. Larkin, Mrs. I. Shields, Mrs. A.
Bowman and Frank Long.
LYNN— In this city. July 10,' 1903. Maurltz
Lynn, beloved brother of Allck Lynn and
Fannie HelBesson, and brother-in-law of Al-
bert Helgpsson, a native of Guttenburg.
Sweden, aged 40 years 7 months and 3 days.
MacKAY— In this city, July 9, 1903, Emma
Georgia MacKay, beloved wife of William
MacKay, and sister of Emll C. Medau, Mn..
Dorothea Kntz. John E. Medau and the late
Caroline turn Suden, a nat/lve of San Fran-
cisco, aged 31 years 5 months and 21 days.
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, at" her
" late residence, 1613 Lyon street, between
Bush* and Pine. Interment private. Please
omit flowers.
McRAITH— In this city. July 8. 1903, Cather-
ine beloved wife of the late John D. Mc-
Raith, mother of Sister Mary Perboyre, Han-
na V. McRaith, Mrs. W. H. Barry and the
late James McRaith, and slater of Richard
and James Gahagan. a native of the parish
ot Buttevant, County Cork. Ireland.
ICyFnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the • funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 8:.'!0 o'clock, from her late
residence. 1812^4 Post street, thence to St.
Dominic's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her- soul n« 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MIRAMONTEZ— In this city, July 10, 1903,
Mr*. J. M., dearly beloved wife/ of J. M.
Miramontejs.- beloved mother of Emll, Alex
and Fred Mlramontez, Mrs. S. Arma, Mrs.
B. I.amluccl and Mrs. G. Stolte. and sister
of M. Ramirez and Mr*. Galindo, a native
of Guadalajara, Mexico* aged tM years ti
months and 20 days.
ir7Frieni]s and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow. (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, at her late
residence, 720 Montgomery avenue. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MULVIHILL— In Oakland, July 9.. 1903, Julia
Lorelta M ul vi hill, beloved daughter of Ed-
ward and Margaret Mulvihill. and. sister of
Josephine, Margaret and Eddie Mulvlhlll, a
native of Oakland, aged 1 year 11 months
and 10 days.
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
at 1 o'clock, from the parents' residence,
827 Mesde avenue. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery. Oakland.,
NEWBERT— In this city. July 10. 1903. George
! W., beloved son' of James W. and Margaret
Newbert, and brother of Lizzie D., Frank
W.. John M., Lillian M.. Grace F. and the
late Joel O. Newbert, Mrs. C. Henry. Mrs.
B. Conlon and Mrs. G. Cross, a native of
Vallejo, Cal., aged -34 years.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday,
July 13, at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 318 Noe. street, ' between Sixteenth and
Seventeenth, thence to the Church of the
Most Holy Redeemer.. Eighteenth and Dia-
mond streets, where a solemn requiem high
mass will Iw celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy.Crofs Cemetery.
PARKER— In this city, July 10. 1903, Mary
Dlantha; beloved wife of Francis J. Parker,
and mother of C. M. T. Parker, a native of
Massachusetts, aged 77 years 9 months and
7 days. ' ¦ ¦ «. ;
PETERHEN— In this city, July 8. 1903, Lau-
rltz Pftersen, beloved husband of Marie
Peterson, father of James Petersen, and
brother of J. C. Petersen, a native of Den-
mark, aged 37 year* and 10 days. A mem-
¦ ber of Golderi Gate Lodge No. 49, D. B.; Pro-
sldlo Lodge No. 334, I. O. O. F.. and Helga
No: 3, Darila. ¦¦ •
C7Frlena» and acquaintances are renpect-
fully invited to attend . the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the hall of
Golden Gate Lodge No. 49, D. B., Alcazar
building, 120 O'Farrell street, where funeral
services will' be held under the ausnices of
Golden Gate Lodge No. 49. D. B. Inter-
ment Odd Fellows' Cemetery. Remains at ;
the parlora of H. P. Petersen & Co., 223 Mc-
Allister street. , .
RICHARDSON— In Klngsbur*. Fresno County.
July 8, 1903, Albert Jam*«, beloved son of
Bridget and the late- Clement • Richardson,
and brother of Lawrence, George, Walter,
William and Ravmond Richardson. Mrs. J. j
Mllleriek and Mrs. F. Weigner, a native of
San Francisco, aged 21 year* 4 months and
14 days.
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 440 Cortland avenue, thence to St.
John's Church, where a solemn requiem mass :
¦will -be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. " ¦. '
SPOTORNO— In Madrone, Cal.. July !), 1903,
Eleanor, dearly beloved daughter of Gaston
P. and Wilhelmlna Spotomo, and devoted uls-
ter of Gaston, Allno. Emll and Alexander
Spotomo, a native of San Francisco, aged 7
years.
STEVENS — In . Pescadero, San Mateo County,
July 9,. 1903, William L. Stevens (formerly
of Colma). . dearly- beloved husband of Jo-
/sephlne Stevens, father of Josephine Stevens, j
and brother of Annie, Daniel and Joseph
Stevens and, Mrs. W. J. Doyle of Portland,
Or., a nntlvo ot Portland, Or., aged 34 years i
and 2 months. (Portland papers please copy.)
(C^Frienils and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral eervlcps
this (Saturday) evening.- at 6 o'clock, at the
parlors of II. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth. Inter-
ment at Portland, Or."
WAHLHEIM— In this city, July 10, 1903,
Elizabeth, beloved, wife of Ottmar Wahlhelm.
_and mother of George, Jennie, Edmond and
Forest Wahlhelm. a native of. Germany, aged
58 years 0 months and 18 days. — •¦ • .
CTFriendB ond acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
July 12, 1003, at 2 o'clock, from. her late
residence. 3018 'Twentieth street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, i by electric funeral
car from corner of Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets' at" 2 :30 o'clock.-. \ ¦¦" > ~ -
WOLFF— In this city. July 10. 1903, William,
beloved husband of Hannah Wolff,-, and father
of Mrs. Joeeph-Levy of Lakeport, Cal.. Mrs.
M. F. • Goldsmith • and • Isaac and Esther
Wolff, a native of Germany, aged «4 years
and 6 months. A member of'Tacoma Lodge
No.- 6. A. O. U. W. (Portland. Or., and Ta-
coma and Seattle papers please copy.) \ y
(CTFriendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday)/ at 12:45 o'clock, from his late !
residence, - 1815B ¦ Ellis street. . Interment
Hills of Eternity Cemetery., by 2 o'clock train
from Third nnd .Townnend streets. - : .¦
| NEAREST THE CITY H]
|) OFFICE: 916 MARKET ST, j
I James 'McGinn."" J -- Henry Hanaen. ¦
•JAMES McGINN A CO., ,
• 'Formerly With McGinn Bro*.. I
. ¦ Funeral Directors and —mbalmers— —I
¦ 214 Eddy «t.; Tel. South. 576.-- I
SPECIAL NOTICES. U
THE Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum hereby
gives notice that the following orphan and
half-orphan girls and boys have, been ad-
mitted to the asylum from Janu-
ary 1. liHM. to July 1. l»03:
Violet Dutro, 9 yrs. ; Augusta Dutro, 6 yrs.:
Frank Fassina. 12 yrs.; Louise Feccina. 10
yrs.; Josephine Feccina; 8 yrs.; David Kec-
cina. 0 yrs.; Joseph Clancy, 5 yrs.; Rosa
Alameda. 6 yrs.; Gasper Castel!? 8 yrs.; Wil-
liam Castell, 0 yrs.; Martin Castell, 4 yrs.;
Carrie Cano, 8 yrs.; Nettle Cano, 6 yrs.;
Raphael Cano. 4 yra.; Gertie. Robinson, 1 yr.
0 moo.; May Conely, '7 yrs.: Ira Conely. 6
yrs.; Otis Conely, 4 yrs.; Benjamin de Rose,
fc yrs.;. Maria de Rose. 12 yrs.; Margaret
Cowep. 10 yrs.; Emma Cowep, 8 yrs. ;. Maria
Cowep, 5 yrs.; Willie Cowep 3 yrs. 6 mos.;
Samuel Belogich, 4 yrs. 2 mos.; Pauline
Wolfe, a yrs.; Michael Mastrosanti, « yrs.:
Mary Belovich, 10 yre.; Antonet Belovlch, 8
yrs.; Charley del Grendl, 7 yrs. ; Louise del
Grendl, 0 yrs.; Marion Chapman, 5 jts. 0
mos. ; Edmond Chapman, S yrs. 0 me*.; May
Chapman, 1 year 6 mos. ; Remond Schwell, 4
yrs.; Ella Creque, G yrs.; Agnes V. Johnson.
7 yrs.; Sam Walsh. 9 yrs.; William Mc-
Kensey, 8 yrs. ; Isabel McKensey, 9 yrs. ;
Chariot Sorensen. tt yrs. ; Bernardine Flynn,
5 yrs. 6 mos. ; Catherine Murphy, .'I yrs. : 0
mos.; Sarah Murphy, 2 yrs.; Joseph Mahoney,'
2 yrs.: Mary Johnston, 7 yrs.; Nellie John-
ston, 5 yrs.; James Johneton, 2 yrs.: Clara
Johnson, 10 yrs. 7 mos.; Ethel Wagner, 0
yrs.; Maria King, 7 yrs.; Rose King, 5 yrs.;
Winfred King. Si yrs. 0 mos.; Henry. King,
1 year 5 mos.; Sam Schmidt. 3 yrn.; -Mary
McNickells; 7 yrs.; Agnes McNickells. "yrs. ;
Emily McNickells, 5 yrs.; John Wagner, 12
yrs.; Maria Wagner. 10 yrs.; Cheater Wag-
ner. 8 yrs. ; Clara Futterer. 9. yr*. : Lewis
Cheerello C yrs.; Eva Narvis. 7 yrs»: John.
Henderson. 3 yrs.; Margaret Bannan, 0 yrs.;
John Green. 5 yrs. ; Henry Pastene. 4 yrs.;
Celia Brand, .1 yrs. ; Maria Walsh, 1 year «
mos.; Elizabeth Kelly, a yrs.; Willie Sum-
mers. 2 yrs. 4 mos.; Michael Logue. 2 yrs. 2
mop.; Josephine Baker. 1 year 4 mos.; Elsie
-.Jenkins. 2 yrs. 0 mos.; Annie "McDonnell, n
yrs.; Sadie Mason. 7 yrs.; Frank Logan. 5
yr*. ; Agnes Buckley. 12 yrs. ; Lottie Camp-
bt-11 6 yrs.; Ella Moran. 8 yrs.: Margaret
Loftus 2 yrs.; Ida Anderson. 4 yrs. 2 mos.;
Florence Buckley, 9 yrs. 2 mos.; Dora
Gleischner. 4 yrs.; Addie Wesher, 5 yrs.; Jo-
Feph Swayne, 1 year 2 mos.: Rachael Myers.
2 yrs.; Liine Kearney. 1 year 0 moB.; Michael
Morgan, 2 yrs. j Violet Pickett, 10 yrs. ; Frank
White 4 yrg. ; John Wigin, 4 yrs. ; Joseph ¦
Miller," 5 yrs.: Gr%cie Hopson. 7 yrs.; Carrie
Collins. 0 yrs.: Harriet Meehan. 12 yrs.: John
Kane. 2 yrs.: Grade Mihlgan, 11 yrs.; Joseph
Riordan, 0 yrs. ; Emma Campbeen. 7 yrs.;
Theresa Hill, 3 yrs.; Leonard Fisher. 8 yrs.;
Anna Muller. 8 yrs.; Lillie Caehell, 4 yrs.:
Florence Nelson. 2 yrs.; Rosie Fosett, 4 yrs.;
Thtresa Donald. 5 yrs. ; Annie Brag, 2 yra.;
Fred Conley, 3 yrs. ; Man* Bryant, 4 yra.; Al-
bert Nlcholls, 4 yr?. 9 mos.; George Hoffman,
5 yrs.; Alice Nlcholls. 7 yre. ; Antonia Louise,
2 yrs. ; Theresa Fisher, 8 yrs.: Myrtle Fisher,
7 yrs. ; Mary Smid. 7 yrs. ; Hilda Holverson.
10 yrs.; Esther Holverson. C yra. ; Lizzie
Regan. 7 yrs. : Celia Regan, 5 yrs. : Mary
Regan, 8 yrs. ; Philomena Morse. 2 yrs. ; John
Maschlni. 7 yrs. ; Hazel Roche. 10 yrs.
NOTICE— The secretary of the San Francisco '
Protestant Orphan Asylum Society herewith '
gives notice that the following orphan and I
half-orphan girli and boys have been admit-
ted to the asylum on Haight and Laguna
ets.. from Jan. 1 1903. to July 1. 1903:
Mabel O. Clark. 8 yrs. and JO mos.; Dora
M. Campbell 9 yrs. ; Martha Brown. 9 yrs.
4 mos.: Annie Brown. 7 yrs. 1 mo.; Christina
Christlanaon 15 yrs.; Lulu A. Deahl. 3 yrs.;
Louise Mohr. 7 yre.; Alice E. Whightman. 11
yre. ; Annie Goaseel. 7 yrs.; Martha Goassel,
B yrs. ; Dallas R. Clark. 7 yrg. 3 mos. : Frank
O Clark 5 yrs. 2 mos. ; Joseph A. Keenan, »
yrs. 3 mos.; James Keenan. 2 yrs.; Herman
Mohr 5 yrs. e mos. : Albert William WWght- ,
man 7 yr*.: Albert Caldwell. 2 ym. 1 mo.;
Harold XV. Anderson, 3 yra. ; Frederick Goaa- i
sel. 9 yrs.. and Henry Koenicke. 8 yrs.
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and Home i
Society hereby gives notice that they have ;
admitted Into the orphanage from January 1,
1903. to June SO, 1903, the following named i
orphans and half orphans?- boys and girl*.
viz: Louis Levin, aged 7 years; Irene Well, i
aged 9 years 3 months; Helen Weil, aged 8 ,
years 2 months- Charles Bernstein, aged 12
years: Harry Bernstein, aged 10 years 6
months: Edna Well, aged 6 years 6 months:
Sadie Markowitz. aged 9 years 5 month*;
Louis Robert Cousins, aged 10 years 3
months; Matilda Stone, aged 8 years H :
months; Isador Klein, aged 8 years; Solomon
Klein, aged 5 years 7 months; Ida Miller, i
aged 10 years 8 months; Rose Miller, aged 6
years: Lawrence Maurice Beck, aged 5 yean;
Rose Elver, aged 4 years 11 months.
ABANDONED children in St. Joseph's Infant
Orphan Asylum from Jan. 1, 1902, to Jan. 1.
1903: Raymond Welch, age 5H years; Ruby i
Welch, age 4 Ms year*; Eileen McGiveny, ago
4 years; Esther Fraser, age 4 years.
EAN FRANCISCO. July 6.— The buslnels here-
tofore owned by BEIDERMAN "BROS.,
known as "Pacific Heights Bakery." 2225
Fillmore Et., has been sold to H. Kalischer.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,.
It page*. In wrapper, tor mailing. %l per year.
8PECI AJ^STSk^ _^^'
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EAR3
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottingbam. 204 Sutter «t.
DR. CARRIE EDWARDS eye, ear. nose and
throat. Removed to 428 Eddy st.
STOKAGI2 AND WAKKHoUSHS.
A— EMPORIUM Storage &. Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 72a-
731 Howard et., near Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moylng Co., of-
fice Post and Powell et«.; tel. Priv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 833 Golden Gate ave..- phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 810
Mission St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfusa.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 2S1.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1*40. Shipping at cut rate*.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage llcen» •> irsued
yesterday: .
Oliver II. Conaway, 42, city, and Louise
Schnoetzel, 40. city.
George A. Glynn, 31. Eureka, Cal., ami Jane
F. Richardson. 31. Santa Rosa.
Siegfried Selfgman, 24, Bernalillo, N. M..
and Meta Block. 1J», 2214 Webster street.
James Vltettl, 2«. 1«4 Pouth Park, and Maria
D. Foro, '23., MK5 Vallejo street.
James "T. Jury. :to. Point Richmond, and
Amelia Vatesiere. IS. Point Richmond.
Jam** Rcarr. JiH. 3861* Twenty-third street,
and Minnie A.<&igar. 25. ."!*«!» Twonty-thlrd.
William <*. Vmght. 2!». 711 San Bruno ave-
nue, and Elizabeth I. Neumann, 17. 7- Wheat st.
David L. Levy. 30. 412C Fifth street, and
Bali Gross=koDf. 27, 442'i Natoma street.
John F. Fox, 2H. 917 Illinois street, and
Margaret Lamb, 22. 1 I/*>na place.
Reyes Ramirez. 2fl, 705 Vallejo street, and
Emilia Velasco, 20. 705 Vallejo street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
Eons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
McCLUSKEY— In this city, June 24, 1903, to
the wife of James J. McCluskey, a eon.
MORRICE— In this city. July 4, 1903, to the
wife of James Morrlce, a daughter.
MORRISON— In this city, July 6, 1903. to the
wife of Sam Morrison, a eon.
RAILTON— In this city, July 9. 1903. to the
wife of H. E. A. Railton, a son.
RUSSELL — In Oakland, July 6, 1903, to the
wife of W. L. Russell, a son.
~~ MARRIED.
ER6KINE— FINN— In this city, July 6,, 1903,
by the Rev. W. E. Dugan. pastor of Stewart
" Memorial U. P. Church. Robert G. Ersklne
and Mae A. Finn, both of San Francisco.
NEVINS— HOGAN— In this city, June 27, 1903,
at St.- Patrick'* Church, by the Rev. Father
Collopy, Thomas J. Nevlns and Margaret E.
Ho n 'n.
SCOTT— BACON— In Fresno, Cal.. July 9, 1903,
at the residence of Mr. and Mrs. S. J. Hun-
ter, by the Rev. Charles C. French. Jay Scott
of Fresno and Mrs. Florence A. Bacon of San
Francisco. . ¦ ' '
DIED.
Allen. Will J. MacKay, Emma G.
Buckley (Infant) McRatth. Catherine
Coleston. Samuel H. Mlramontez. Mrs. J.
Coughlln. Timothy Mulvlhlll, Julia L. • *\
, Dorcey, John Newbert, George W.
Ennls. Mrs. Milly Parker,. Mary D.
Gibson. Delia Petersen. Laurltz
Holmes. James N. Richardson. Albert
Homager. Henry Spotomo, Eleanor
¦ Kenny, Genevleve Stevens. William L.
Kuehne. Gustave " Wahlhelm. -Elizabeth
Long, Edwin I. Wolff. William
Lynn, Maurltz ___
AELEN— In Oakland, July 10. 1003, Will J.
Allen,. beloved eon of Mr. and Mr*. George, S.
Allen of* Palo Alto. • •
BUCKLEY*— In this city. July 9, 1903, Infant
daughter of . Dr. Vincent P. and Agnes L.
Buckley. • .
COLESTON — In thlii city. July 8, 1903, Samuel
H., beloved husband of Sarah Coleston, and
father of Mrs. E. J. Field and William J..
Sadie*, Annie, Henry and LUzie Coleston, a
native of St. John, N. B., aged 00 years.
(St. John, N. B., paper* please copy.) ':;¦ c%
K7Fnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
• (Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his • late
residence. 1609 Church street, - thence to, St.
Paul's Church, where a requiem high" mass
- will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
. Cress Cemetery- ? < ; '•¦
COUGHLIN— July 1, 1903.: Timothy Coughlln,
beloved brother of Jeremiah Coughlln and
Mrs. Hannah Hurley, a native of the parish
.of- Kllmlchael.' County Cork, ¦ Ireland. A
member of Longshoremen's Local Union No.
222.- ¦-.-,-•> -¦•-¦ ."-<".• ¦ .,¦¦ w,.\.- ¦•- '
E7The funeral will take place to-dayFountain Pens.
We are selling agents . for ; several foun
tain pens. Including the "Waterman,'' the
"Swan'.' and the "Marshall," the best $1.00
fountain pen ever made. Sanborn, Vail
& Co., 711 Market street. . •
Joseph. Kirk, son of Michael Kirk, who
was killed in the wreck on the North
Shore Railroad ' last month, filed a peti
tion for letters of, administration upon
the estate of. the deceased yesterday. He
states that his father's estate consists of
$1767 57 in cash, personal propery. worth
$600 and 237 acres of land near Tomales
worth $12,000. Kirk died Intestate
Kirk's Estate in Court.
were known he admitted'that several at
tempts had been made to wreck trains.
He said:
There have been several attempts made to
wreck our trains on the up-country branch,
and If possible we propose to arrest and con
vict the guilty ones. We. did not care to let
the matter become public, as it would hurt
the road, and would also hamper our detec
tion in their work. • . /
As far back as two months ago . we found
obstructions on our right-of-way, but the first
serious offense wag July 2. Our. track-walker,
Valentine Germanlnl, who has charge of the
track. above San Anselmo. reported that day
that he had found a piece of rail upon the
track. We had the steel sent here and still
have it In our possession. The obstruction was
discovered upon the track north of Pistolesi.
Fortunately a wreck was averted.
Yesterday . morning up-country passenger
train No 1 collided with a heavy "drawhead,"
and a serious wreck was only averted by the
watchfulness of Engineer Cannady. The train
went up "heavy" yesterday morning with San
Franciscans en route 1 to the 'various . Bummer
resorts.
The obstruction was placed yesterday within
a mile of where the' attempt' was made July
2, near Pistolesi. The engine went over the
obstruction, as the dent in the steel will Indi
cate. How it was she did not topple over Is
strange, as the "drawhead" was set so as to
bring about 8 bad smash-up.
The train was not delayed any length of
time, and the company is very fortunate in
not having sustained very serious loss by this
attempt.
It is quite possible that the recent wrecks
were, due to obstructions " having been ' placed
on the rails. We have been unable to discover
any cause for those wrecks. They were so
complete that we could not find anything to
definitely show their cause.
Freight Train Is Derailed.
SALINAS, July 10.— The San Luis Obis
po local freight was derailed in the
Southern Pacific yards this evening. It
is thought after investigation that boys
tampered with a switch, which was found
misplaced. Owing to the slow speed of
the train no casualties occurred. Traffic
was delayed about three. hours.
OBSTRUCTIONS PLACED BY
TRAIN WRECKERS ON THE
NORTH SHORE TRACK.
Mack T. Hardee and J. A. Reid are the
plaintiffs in a suit filed yesterday against
W. E. von Johannsen. They ask the court
to give them judgment for $1950. they al
lege they advanced to the defendant after
he had falsely represented to them the
value of certain mining properties in which
he was interested. Johannsen\is secre
tary-treasurer of the Pacific States Min
ing and Investment Company "\nd the
Monterey Gold Mining Company.
Want Their Money Back.
Mr. Lankershim hurried from Europe in
order to look after his property. Through
ljls attorney he has filed drawings and
specifications with the board, showing
what repairs are to be made. He asserts
that only 20 per cent of the building was
damaged and under the ordinance he has
a right to repair the same.
The Commissioners evidently fear that
the building will be again used for theat
rical purposes. Mr. Lankershim has been
advised by his counsel that the Commis
sioners have no right to jump at con
clusions. He has been Informed that the
repairing" of the building and its future
use are distinct questions and that the
latter point la not to be considered at this
time. • •
The Commissioners of . the Board - of
Public Works are very much worried over
communications they have received from
Lawyer I. , L . Brown, attorney for J. B.
Lankershim, owner of Metropolitan Tem
ple,, which was. partly destroyed by fire a
month ago. They are averse to allowing
the owner to repair the building and the
attorney claims that they have no right
to prevent his client from doing so.
Brown has notified : the members of the
board that they and their bondsmen are
likely to suffer through their action, as
he Intends taking the matter to court if
they persist In withholding the 'necessary
permission.
Z. B. Lankershim Warns Works
Board That It Has No Power
to Stop Him.
SAYS HE WILL REPAIR
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE
• Some time ago a track walker discov
ered a piece of cordwood on the rails, but
removed It. He paid but little attention
to the matter, thinking the log had been
j6lted off one of the engines. On July 2,
while examining the roadbed to the north
of Camp Pistolesi, he found a piece of
steel rail weighing fifty pounds lying
alongside of the rails. It was fastened to
the rail with heavy copper wire and made
a most dangerous obstruction. Upon ex
amining the steel he discovered a deep
indentation where car wheels had passed
over It. One end of the steel had broken
loose. It Is believed that when the en
gine truck struck It one side of the fas
tenings gave way and thus saved the
train from being derailed. This attempt
to wreck the train was reported to the
railroad officials. Later a report was re
ceived that a down : country freight had
passed over an obstruction on the night
of July 1." The locomotive • was a heavy
were directly due to the nefarious
work of train wreckers. It was learned
to-day that on three occasions within the
last two weeks obstructions have been
placed on the tracks and serious acci
dents were averted through the watch
fulness of the track walker. The up
country Cazadero passenger train yester
day morning struck a large steel "draw
head," securely placed upon the rails.
Engineer Cannady did not see the ob
struction in time to bring the train to a
full stop, and before he fully realized the
danger the forward trucks of the loco
motive had passed over the steel barrier
and jumped the track. The air brakes,
however, prevented the train of six cars,
loaded with passengers, from going over
an embankment and into the river bed.
The last two attempts at derailment
were made upon curves, near Camp Pis
tolesi, a summer resort near Tamales,
about fifty-four miles north of San Fran
cisco. • •
•Friday afternoon there will be a special
mass ¦ meeting for boys, at which tt;ere
will be an address by Rev. F," S. « Ford.
In the evening 'at'8'o'clock there will fol
low a grand .union praise service of all
the city churches, • after which will be
held a public reception. The address will
be by "the Rev. Dr. John Hemphlll.' ' On
Saturday evening at 6:30 o'clock a' jubilee
banquet will : be . given at the - California
Hotel. The Rev. W. C. Pond, D. D., who
made the prayer at the ; organization in
1S53, will deliver the opening prayer. A
great. union mass meeting in the audito
rium will close; the exercises Sunday af
ternoon. ¦ .¦..
The 'San Francisco Young "Men's Chris
tian Association will- celebrate Its jubilee
beginning, next. Thursday afternoon. \ The
associaiton was organized July 18, 1853./
Exercises are to be performed and ad
dresses- are to be made ' by' prominent
men." The first entry in the' association
record book, entered on the day of or
ganization, will be read, by Charles' A.
Maydwell, secretary of the board of. di
rectors." The opening exercises will take
the form of a mass meeting for women
in the association's auditorium. .The meet
ing will begin at 3 o'clock on .the;after
noon of Thursday, July, 16, under , i the
presidency of Mrs. John F. Merrill.' In
the evening there is to be a rally of mem
bers and a reception to young men, which
will be presided over by Rolla V. Watt.
A brilliant literary and musical pro
gramme has been arranged, In which Miss
Esther Macomber and the Knickerbocker
quartet will participate.
Flans for Brilliant Exercises to
. Mark Fiftieth Anniversary.
Young Men's Christian" Association
WILL CELEBRATE JUBILEE
• WITH GREAT GATHERINGS
Superintendent Fisher was reticent at
first when approached to-day upon the
subject of the attempts made to wreck
the North Shore trains. When informed
that the ! details of one of - the attempts
OFFICIALS ARE RETICENT.
The • train was running 'about twenty
miles an hour and was due at Camp Pis
tolesi at 10:45 o'clock. When within
about a half-mile of the station and
while running along the river bank and
winding around reverse curves. Engineer
Cannady noticed something on the. track
which at first glance appeared/ to .be. a
log. He threw on the airbrakes,^ but was
unable to stop his engine until after he
struck the obstruction. The front truck
of the engine struck the bar, jumped up
and left the rails, but before the main
drive wheels hit it the j engine was
brought to a standstill.
The passengers in the cars were badly
frightened by the sudden stopping of the
train. .The engine was soon righted and
the train proceeded to Cazadero without
further accident. ¦ Y*\v^
It was the up country Cazadero passen;
ger train that collided with the , "draw
head" yesterday morning. The train con
necting with the boat leaving San Fran
cisco at 7:45 o'clock yesterday morning
was on time. Conductor A. B. Murray
was in charge and Engineer J. II. Can
nady and Fireman O. Bern * were in the
cab. Six cars made up the .train and
more than 100 passengers occupied the
coaches. - ' . «
If a train was running fast and struck
the obstruction it would not only have
caused the engine to topple over, but un
doubtedly have caused the cars. to leave
the rails.
tailed detectives upon the case. While
the sleuths were at work a larger and
more dangerous obstruction was placed
upon the track within a short distance of
where the attempt was made July 2.. An
iron drawhead about three feet long, six
inches in thickness and weighing 152
pounds, was found fastened to the outside
rail on a curve.
BETTER THAU" A BANK.
What sound judgment and years of
practical experience can accomplish was
never better exemplified than has been
done by Mr. Joseph A. Leonard, the well
known architect and builder, who as
manager of the San Francisco and Sub
urban ¦ Home Building Society has just
announced a dividend of 13 per cent on Its
first year's business.
As one result of twenty years of expe
rience in the building business, latterly in
Alameda County, where he erected and
sold homes to the value of over three
quarters of a million dollars, Mr. Leon
ard conceived the idea that the interest
of both investor and homeseeker would
be best served by combining a money
loaning business with that of all
branches of actual homebuilding. A great
saving resulting from centralizing in one
company all the service, instead of scat
tering profits and commissions among
many. With sufficient capital to prove
his theory of concentration, the above
company was formed, and a 12 per cent
dividend was brought about by the so
ciety becoming Its own banker, or money
lending concern, supplying the lot. the
legal work, the architecture, the building,
the fire insurance and, finally, securing
at minimum rates the best form of life
insurance, in order to protect both the
home buyer and itself, so that the profits
hitherto divided among many have accum
ulated by this one concern and made pos
sible larger profits to the Investor, al
though the house cost the homeseeker
less than obtainable elsewhere.
Mr. Leonard expresses confidence In the
society's ab'ility, through the readjust
ment of homebuilding methods and
concentration of all the branches connect
ed therewith, to keep up the payment of
large dividends. These methods are open
to the closest investigation at Its offices
In -the Mutual Savings Bank building by
those desiring investments' or those de
siring the best and most equitable terms
on homes. •
Death of an Army Veteran.
SAN JOSE. July 10.— Charles W. TVood
row, a well known rancher, died to-day
of heart trouble. He was a captain in
the Union army, during the Civil "War and
had lived In and near San Jose for thirty
years. « •. 7t'
ever of a convention held either for purposes
of nomination or for purposes of selection of
a county or governing committee. It may Be,
and I am informed, it is a fact that a public
assemblage gathered In which these nominees
were in some manner agreed upon, as well as
the names of the committee, but there never
was any legal convention of an organized poli
tical body by that or any similar name tm
after the date of said petition. This fact Is
recognized In the petition Itself, which al
though tiled long after this public assemuiage.
made no claim whatsoever that any conven
tion had ever been held by the Union Labor
party. Th<*. pet-Mon proceeds upon the theory
that the nominees are entitled to a place upon
the ballot not by reason of any political con
vention, but by reason of selection by at least
three per cent of the vote cast at the last
preceding election, which, indeed, was a fact.
It la clear, therefore, that those who presented
or filed said petition did not consider that a
convention had ever been. held. . In fact. ¦ If
such • convention had been held and properly
held then there would have been no need of a
petition. The petition is only presented under
the terms of section 11S» of the Political Code,
which Is a section providing for "nominations
otherwise than by convention." It would be
absurd in the face of thes«s facts to claim that
up to that time, viz.: October, 1001. there had
been any legal convention which designated
these gentlemen as members of a committee
of any character.
2. Section 11S6 of the Political Code provides
that with certain exceptions not here involved
a county committee selected by a convention
continues as such for two years. So far as I
am advised there Is no legal record of any
convention of the Union Labor party until
September. 1902. It is not claimed that the
Ewell-Aubertine committee was selected by
the convention of 1902. but It Is conceded that
the Harders-Berger committee was selected by
that convention. It only remains, therefore,
to determine whether the convention of 1002
was a local .convention of the Union Labor
party. This inquiry. Is also answered by the
uncontested documents of the Union Labor
party Itself on tile In your office.
What is a local convention for purposes of
primary election law. Is denned in section 1353
of the Political Code In the following lan
guage: . "Conventions to nominate candidates
for county or city and county offices. Judges
of the Superior Court or Justices of the Peace
In' any city and county and members of the
Senate and Assembly representing districts
wholly within one county or city and county.
Supervisors and all township officers, will be
hereinafter In this chapter designated as local
conventions." The convention of the Union
Labor party In l»02 admittedly was for the
purpose of nominating many of the officers
Just recited, and the certificate of nomination
filed by the Union Labor party In the office of
the Registrar September 30. 1902, specifically
enumerates them. Furthermore. It ta recited
in the certificate last mentioned that the as
semblage which nominated such officers was
"the Union Labor party local convention for
said city and county of San Francisco. State
of California." and the petition of the Union
Labor party filed in the Registrar's office June
30. 1002, requesting a place upon the primary
election ballot for the primary election Au
gust, 1902, recites In five different places that
the convention to be held and for which they
desired representation upon the primary ballot
was a "local convention." This was the con
vention which selected the ' Harders-Berger
committee. -. ' •"
It appears to me, therefore, upon the facts
presented, that the first governing committee
was a; temporary one. whose existence ex
pired upon the appointment of & committee by
the local convention of the Union Labor party,
and that the only designation of a committee
by the Union Labor party convention was the
designation of the committee hereinbefore re
ferred to as the Harders- Berger committee.
Respectfully. GEORGE W. LANE.
First Assistant City Attorney.
REUBEN H. LLOYD MAKES
GIFT TO PARK MUSEUM
Presents Jubilee Coins to the Com
missioners and Is Sincerely *
Thanked.
The Board of Park Commissioners met
yesterday afternoon and considered reg
ular monthly reports. Frank J. Sullivan,
A. Altman and Reuben H. Lloyd attend
ed the session. The last named Commis
sioner presided.
A report from the matron of the chil
dren's playground showed the receipts
for June to be $2391; expenditures, $1743.
leaving a profit of $6«. The receipts from
the Japanese tea-garden were $312 and
expenditures $292.
Reuben H. Lloyd presented to the mu
seum, a full set of gold and silver Victo
ria coins, which were struck to commem
orate the Golden Jubilee of Queen Vic
toria's reign. A vote of thanks was ten
dered the donor. x
Two new tennis courts i-ave been or
dered by the Commissioners to accommo
date the devotees of the game.
The superintendent was directed to
comrilete surveys and estimates for the
new athletic ground and speed tracks In
Golden Gate Park. When A. B. Spreck
els. president of the board, returns from
the East, the question of construction will
come up for consideration.
California Sun, Wine* and Dust
Cause Eye Strain. Granulation and Red
ness. Murine Eye Remedy restores: cures
Eye Diseases, soothes Eye Pain; aids
those wearing; glasses; doesn't smart.
Ladles' favorite *.ollet requisite. 60c. drug
gists and opticians. •
Places Blame on Partner.
- Joseph Ercoll of the firm of Kramer &
Ercoll filed a suit yesterday fof a.dis
solution of the partnership. He alleges
that L- Kramer, his partner. Is guilty of
mismanagement and has converted the
funds. of the firm to his own use.
Send books, music or magazines to be bound
to our bindery. Mysell-Rollin«, 23 Clay. •
SAN DIEGO. July 10. — The annual conven
tion of Delta Iota . Chi closed to-day. Port
land Or., was selected as the place for the
convention next year. : _ .
B.F.Stoll, dentist: Haisrht & Masonlo a?.'
5 AN RAFAEL, July 10. -The offi
cials of the North Shore Rail
road now incline to the belief that
the recent disasters on the road
one and the engineer did not particularly
notice the jars.
DRAWHEAD FOUND ON TRACK.
General Manager Rank immediately de-
This law j» to those of many
other States and is aimed to have the
public benefit to some degree by the
wealth nf those who amass gTeat for
tunes. Under the constitution of the
United States, if a man may make $1000
there is no way in which one may be
prevented from piling up 11.000,000.000. It
is the policy of much legislation, how
ever.- that t uch men may not perpetuate
their fortunes, but that, at death, a great
er or less amount may be given to the
public.
In settling the estate of one Mahoney
the Supreme Court decided recently that
the portion of the quoted law respecting
resident nephews and nieces was invalid
end that all such relatives of testators
must pay the collateral inheritance tax.
In the matter of the estate of J. C. John
son, the case at bar, the court reverses
itself and further exempts nephews and
nieces who may reside in sister States.
The decision of the trial court declared
that all nephews and nieces must pay the
tax. Resident and non-resident nephews
then, appealed. They have secured a re
versal and may have their- legacies free
of the duty.
The opinion is written by Justice Hen
tshaw. with whom Justices Shaw, Angel
lptti. Lorigan. McFarland and Van Dyke
directly concur. Chief Justice Beatty
writes a. dissenting opinion.
The Supreme Court decided yesterday
also that the $3502 83 left by James Miner
in 1S75 rightfully belongs to the State.
Twenty years after Miner's death and
•when the estate had been settled an heir
appeared and brought suit against the
State Controller for the recovery of the
money. A majority of the court holds
that the heir was too long about present
ing the claim. Chief Justice Beatty dis
sents.
The vital portion of the collateral in
hetitar.ee tax law of 1S93, as amended in
IS97. is as follows:
After the passage o< this act all property
¦which ehall pass by will • • • other than
to the uee oj his or her father, mother, hus
band, wife, lawful irsue. brother, sister and
nitros «w nephew* when a resident of this
State. • • • shall toe and is subject to a
tax of five cellars on every one hundred dol
lar* of the market valu/> of euch property
" • • lor the use at the State, • • • pro
vified that an *-Ftat<> which may be valued at a
\t-rt sum than five hundred dollars shall not be
subject to such duty or tax.
Th»» scope of the collateral inheritance
tax was narrowed by the Supreme Court
yesterday but the art was not wholly
Invalidated, as was expected by many
of the State's Iega4 authorities. Xephews
and nieces of tettaxors can secure their
legacies free of tha impost, provided that
they are legal residents of California or
any other State in this country. Such
rclatlvrs who may live in Territories or
foreign lands must pay the reauired 5
jkt rent .on money or property left to
them. The court stands six to one for
this decision.
1. As heretofore stated, your communication
recites tWat the Ewell-Aubertine committee
only claims by virtue of its designation in a
petition which first placed the Union Labor
nominees upon the official ballot. This pre
cludes the Idea of their selection by any con
vention. The records of your office confirm
this statement, as well as all the documents
filed by the Union Labor party. In the peti
tion of three per cent of the electors, hereto
fore referred to and which may be said to
have inaugurated the Union Labor party in
San Francisco, both Ewell and Aubertlne were
signers. That petition makes no mention what-
Two questions therefore arise: (1) Whether
the Ewell-Aubertine committee was selected
by convention? (2) Was the convention which
admittedly selected the Harders-Berger com
mittee a local convention?
The code section above mentioned which pro
vides-for. the creation of the flret governing
committee by petition does not name any pe
riod of. time whatever during which the com
mittee may exist. It must be conceded. I
think, that the governing committee selected In
a petition of a party theretofore unorganized
Is essentially but a temporary body, and that If
thereafter the party becomes duly organlzei
and a local convention thereafter selects a
county committee, the latter committee takes
the place of the committee selected by the peti
tion.
The Harders-Berger committee claims right
to represent the party locally by virtue of ap
pointment by the Union Labor party conven
tion held at San Francisco in September, 1002,
and, the fact of such appointment seems to be
conceded.
G. W. Lane, acting City Attorney in the
absence of Franklin K. Lane, advi3e3 the
Board of Election Commissioners that
the Harders-Berger committee of the
Union Labor party is entitled to recogni
tion as the governing body of that party.
This decision Is a straw In favor of* the
Union Labor faction headed bv Michael
Casey. The rival organization — the
Ewell-Aubertine faction-is supposed to
represent the supporters of Mayor
Schmitz and Fire Commissioner Parry.
Following is the text of the opinion
rendered to the Election ' Commissioners
by the acting City Attorney:
SAN FRANCISCO. July 10.. 1903.
Gentlemen— I have your communication o[
recent date. In which you request an opinion
as to which of two petition- you BhouM recog
nize' as coming from the Union Lab6r put*
Both petitions purport to come from the L n on
Labor party and request ttiat a place be gi\en
to it upon the official primary election ballot
to be used in the primary eletien in ban * ran
cisco August 11, 1003. One of the petitions is
signed by A. H. Kwell as chairman and George
F Aubertlne as secretary of the County Com
mittee such committee being the governing
body of said political party in said city anl
county of San Francisco; the other petition is
signed by August Harders as chairman and
George J. Berger as secretary of a committee
of like name.
There is apparently no question as to thj
right of the Union Labor party to a place upoi?
the primary election ballot. The only question
is which committee legally represents that
party.
From your communication to me It appears
that the Kwell-Aubertlne committee claims to
be the governing committee solely by virtue of
the fact that It was so designated in a certain
petition illed in your office on October 5, liJOl,
under section 1U>S of the Political Code. The
petition last named was one purporting to be
signed by at least 3 per cent of the entire vote
cast at the' last election preceding its date and
requesting-' that .certain candidates therein
named should be placed upon the official ballot
at the election to be held In November, 1901.
The petition further designated twenty-five per
sons to constitute a governing committee. AH
of these matteis are required by section 11SS
of the Political Code.
Supreme Court Narrows the
Scope of Contested
Enactment.
Scbmitz-Parry Forces Turned
Down by the Acting
City Attorney.
Collateral Inheritance
Tax Measure Is
Valid.
Official Opinion Sustains
the Casey County
Committee.
For the Third Time Within Two Weeks a Steel Obstruction Is Fastened to
the Rail of the North Shore Road at a Point Near Dangerous Curve
and Destruction of Crowded Cars Is Narrowly Averted by the Engineer
MOOT QUESTION
IS DETERMINED
GOVERNING BODY
IN LABOR PARTY
TRAIN WRECKERS ENDANGER LIVES
OF FULLY FIVE SCORE PASSENGERS
THE SAN ; FEANCISQO CALL,- SATURDAY, JULY 11, 1903.
14
ADVERTISEMENTS.
KELLER'S
Half-Price Sale
• ¦ ¦ •¦.¦¦'*;.. ¦ '. V ' ' . ¦ ;.
JERSEY SWEATERS
at Half Price.
While they last "we will .close
i 'these sweaters . out ' at . actual half-
price. We've only a limited supply,
so Itwlll pay you to come in early
' and purchase. - « ¦ ¦ . "..
In garnef only, with .white stripes .
on neck, - cuffs and - skirt. Double,
neck and form-fitting. Impossible i
to do them justice in description.
- Regular; $2.00 "values.' ; ¦ ' , ,
Sale Price $1.00
M. 1028-?1030 . MARKET '.STREET. .
",,- San Francisco. . , ¦ • .
1157-1150 WASHINGTON STREET.
,'..", -Oakland. . • ....
ADVERTISEMENTS.
. San Francisco, Cal., July 8,
« 1903. — By instructions of
> the Board of Underwriters,
zve are selling at our store ;
Market and Tenth streets, ,
recently damaged by fire, our
entire stock of robes and
blankets damaged by water
, and smoke; also stock of ve~
hides on 3d and 4th floors of
the building, these last being
only slightly damaged by
smoke and water.
Price is not the object of
this sale, the desire being to
clean out the building as soon
as possible.
ftTTmPBAKRT?
TtROSfOMPASY ;
Market and Tenth Streets.
* f <^ \VHAT
/VIZI/! EYES
lllg>&bW§Gnk
CURES ALL EYE DISEASE3. \ AgS?
California «unltght. ¦tron« winds and alkali
dust cause eye trouble. Little troubles grow.
Murine Is a favorite toll«t requisite, restores a
faded eye to natural brilliancy, doesn't smart,
eoothes eye pain.
The laboratories of the Murine Eye Remedy
Co.. Chicago, are the largest In the world pro-*
duclng an exclusive line of eye remedies.
Sold by Druggists and Opticians
BEl Balsam I
Promotes the giowtlx of the hair and ', '
! gives It the lustre and slliiness or youth. ' '
! Vhen the hair ,1s gray or faded it < '
; BRINGS BACK THE YOUTHFUL COLOR. !
\ It prevents Dandruff and hair f*iM^g ', ¦
' and keeps the scalp clean and healthy. ' !•
Hale's Mark.
Silk Dress Prices Down.
Today. Greatest offer of the season. ' Pa£ $23.75 for suits
you'd expect to pay $30 and $35 for.
Shirt .waist style in extra fine grade of soft taffeta, black and
blue and white shepherd plaid. Fancy piped straps over shoul-
ders; plaited drape down front to bust line, giving distinctly styl-
ish effect. Large steel buttons on shoulders and down front.
Plaited bishop sleeves, seven-gore kilted skirt with six buttons
down front seams.
.Up-to-date style, first quality, $23.75. A window full of
them— such a good thing we want you to know about it.
Others reduced are:
$10.45 Shirt Waist Suit. $18.75. Shirt Waist Suit.
Fine quality striped taffeta." .Foulard silk. Fancy shirt waist
v me quii y *!„_... r rnnr yoke, tucked, with shoulder caps,
Waist made with full tucked front, Skjrt g fuU flared
trimmed with fancy white orna- trimmed in Roman sty i c , witn
ments. Large, tancy bishop bra}d and j nsert i on . Navy blue.
sleeves. Skirt seven-gore flare, blue and white, black and white.
Garnet, white, blue and white. $18.75 to-day.
Saturday Ribbons. 25c Wash Collars.
Shtin Tnfirta <>xc Fancy Oxford materials ' in
Satin lCttCta -zC. bishop and tab effects.
For sashes or hat trimmings. Lace insertion in the collar ami
6-inch width, nile green, blue, small fancy buttons on the tabs.
old rose, pink, turquoise, black White, pink, blue, and black and
and white. white.
Liberty Satin 15c yd. 25c Top Collars.
,, . / , ,/ • u Battenberg lace ones, hand made.
3^6-inch and 2^-incn. Fancy patterns with small tabs.
White on one side with cord; Better buy several at such a price, 23?.
light blue, turquoise or scarlet — —
on the other s^de. Garden nose 9c Foot.
Can only be appreciated when Sells elsewhere at 12c and 15c fL
seen. It's ribbon loveliness at Hale buying and H ale enterprise
Saturday price, 15c yard. are doing won ders in our dovm-
stairs store. This is but another in-
French Candy 25c lb. stance.
- , ¦ , . , Its 5-ply heavy duck hose, regu-
" Cream , s ,? nd ch ?. co lat u S mix 5 d - lar fci-inch size. And— it won't
Those delicious French creations
to-day only 25c # lb. Gem Nozzle. SSc— Throws spray or
A pound or two for Sunday just the straight stream,
thing. CheaDer and better, too, than Coupliners, 10c Pair— Wo put them
you can "make it. on.
Market Street, *S^>^^^Z^5& Marke * Street,
Near Sixth. Jmy 29>ar Sixth.
/ ti^'fin rrrrrrrT -^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
jgilf' Here are
A nr i ust a
/Wg^fewofthe
great
jMP 54 taken at
/ sii^v n( * om ¦**¦
The Picture shows the WAIST AND \
OUTIKG SKIRT that's 01 Q - I
£ SALE TO-DAY at .. . "OC I
jt ' Skirt made of heavy linen crash, M
V with fashionable circular flounce, m, '
m trimmed with numerous rows of Mj
M tailor stitchinr. . Bj
¦I The waist is made of white India fl
V linen; upper portion of waist made H
¦ ' of tiny tucks, which run from neck- U
m to bust; body of waist Is made of H
M ' box plaits, every tuck neatly hem- f
u , stitched. ' Two rows of " embroidery H
XI ¦ insertion meet these box plaits at II
H , , center. A stole collar and bishop .U
A sleeve give a pretty finish to this »
H , • smart waist. U
I RIBBON SPECIALS |
wj 1000 bolts Wash. Taffeta' Ribbon; col- ffl
M ors pink, . blue, red,* white and S
H J black, 2',i Inches wide,' on sale at II
V 5c a yard. n
W . 500 bolts Fancy Wash Ribbon; col- (1
m ors pink, .blue, red, nlle and white. £
$1 . . 3>{. Inches wide, on sale at S l-3c M
W 250 bolts Fancy "Wash Ribbon, 5 to 7 M
¦ Inches ' wide, 'including Dresden; JB
J| ¦ fancy stripes, plaids and satin tat- IJ
U feta; on sale at -5c a yard. . A
U' Not a ribbon In this entire lot that pi
U - is not worth double our sale price. \M
Jj TWO CORSET SPECIALS 1
U QQr f° r W. ' B. erect form, ex- I
JD €/V?V* tended hip. double aide Rj
0 ** • ¦* ¦ ' steels, suitable for the av- fl
JU erase figure. a m
Hi QJUr* -for.W. B. erect form; short M,
Jh OOv hip, bias gored, made of fine U
wo French sateen, suitable for H
111 • slender figures;, all colors, fa
jN including black. Either of <4
•Ji above Corsets worth $1.50. n
Qj Our Dress and Walking Skirt Coun- QT
jK) ' iers Are Crowded With • H
JD Bargains. M
In Our Hosiery Safe Our Veiling, Belts, m
HI for Women and Handkerchief. H
H /»«. 'u «» .-. n« Lace and Em- n
B ChtldrenjsDo- broider/Counm Ji
n ing the biggest ier3 Are Show- IJ
n business in its ing a beautiful H
H History. Sale L ""> of Jlovel- I
n ' c/vi /)„' t» 'ties — All Being uf
W Still, On To- Sold af s J e |
fl D °y- , Prices. H
H Muslin and Knit Underwear are if
1 also In to-day's big procession of bar- M
II . We give Trading Stamps on every* y
H-! : Open To-night Until 10 O'clock. (0
I 'MARKS BROS., I
5 1220-22-24 Market St., 9
.^LLr \' Bet. Taylor and Jones, v Sj
ADVERTISEMENTS.
INSTANTLY RELIEVED
BY A BATH WITH
TSOAN
And a single application of Cuti-
cura Ointment, purest of emollients
and greatest of skin cures. For
summer rashes, eczemas, itchings,
irritations, chafings and inflamma-
tions, for bites, stings and sunburn,
for lameness and soreness, heat
and perspiration, incidental to out-
door life, nothing so soothing,
cooling, healing and refreshing for
young or old as a bath with Cuti-
cura Soap, . followed by gentle
anointings with Cuticura Ointment,
purest of emollients ,and greatest
of skin cures.