public, 1 as they would'-be-lf It came-to
trial:"-!:. t '-: , :;•; '-'.'¦-' r /: /f' : <-' • i\ ..\.
"Jest • what I told him," remarked Uncle .'
Peter.,"'" Tt* ' ; ---' •'^ •,v^' , ' • . -. .,
"What Bhp.'H' hold out. for; 1, don't. know,.-.'
but --I'dt suggest- this,- that T meet her at-J.
torney and put the case exactly • as? I've
found itout as; to the. will; letting them
suspect,* perhaps, that - we v have admis
sions' ofj. some sort' ,from ; Hornby, * the
Clerk,*, that might damage them. Then I
can -put ' It ¦» that, while "¦ we * have no doubt
! "You know.'/.'he/remlnU^d Uncle' Peter,'
••what-that -editorial in the Rock Kip.
Champion said about me when we were
over, .there : : 'We opine that j'the Junior
:Brri*s.wUfrttee6mEa',wUrm piece; 1 of , human
force If* he' isn' t^ ground-8iuiced*itot>* early';
in* the game/ * Well— and*l}ere 'I'm grpurid
sluiced .the tlrst'rafoerbut t of the bois.*/ - v
; But*; the lawyer went case again
potati by ' point, ; and "Perclral finally au
thorlzed;hlm,tfcjmakc the > best settlement
possible. "IHa cared ¦ as little i f or,.the money
as ! Uncle Pe'ter did, large^stpm^though" it
was. "'And -then 'his « mother -and "sister
would bo spared a great -humiliation, and
With* that gusto of ; breakfast .aj^fietite
which arouses the envy of persons whose
alimentation is not what : It '•used .ta.be,
Percival had devoured 7 ruddy peache&>an«i
purple gra aea, trout that* had breasted
their swift native currents ' that very
morning, crisp .little, curls:' of bacon,
muffins^that were mere flerks* of golden
foam,- honey with* the r " sweetness of if
thousand j fragrant blossoms, " anil - coffee
that ' was oily with; riehness.'' "Fot.'h. time'
he r had seemed." to Inake n6 headway
against. .his hill-born apntftlte". ' The law
yer, who had broken^hla'fast'vrlth'.a.'strip
of dry toast -and 'a cup • of '.w^-ak- tvtC.'had
watched, him; with unfeigned anrt r»5r.iinf»
ccnt interest. -.Grant. .•whd.^itci6d. watch
ful .to replenish *his , plate, »aml whose
pleasure lt.-.was-to .regarded
him :with» eyes '.fairly- dtwy . Imm sym
pathy. *To A.'.L. Jaclvpn,uh,a cook, on a
trii*,for.hot rauftlns. he obs:r\ed, ."Ho eats
Jew' » like ¦ th' ole! man., I . suttinjy , do I<?vo
f .see .that boy7 hehave when he got his
liysb moral appetite on him. Hc-suttln'y
do; ca'y,hissi r f raighty, handsome. •" ,, -.
With Coplen's mnal .recommendation -to
settle/ Percival . coifcluded his meal v - and
after- surveying with, "fondly pleagantrre
gref the devastation he had wrought, he
leaned) back- in hiS chair and .lighted .a
elgar. 'He'.was.-no'longer'in a moodAo
counsel fight, even though he disliked Ho
submit; v, -,t;-i.. , , i- • ¦ -- • •
of our ability to dispose of the will. -we
do wish to avoid the scandal that would
ensue upon* a publication . of the letters
they hold and the exposure- of her rela
tions^ with, the testator, and -, that, upon
this "purely, sentimental . ground \we ure
willing to be bled to a reasonable extent.
The One Girl ia a* valuable mine, but my
opinion is ;.she'll be glad to get two million
if-we seeih reluctantto pay 'that much."
"But- a man that has to work by the
day fur trough., to. 'take nlm through the
profeoeqtln' f.eason can't blow any of his
dust "x»n -frlvolbua 'things like pie. Tho
hard-woi-kiri* plajn'food'is the kind he baa
'to. tote, ami. I never heard of pie bein' In
anybody's 'grubstake either.
' "Well. 'fur' two or 'three years at a tim*
"tllo VearVst I'd ever get to them damtie«
would" "be a piece- of sour dough bread
baked'ori a stove' lid. But whenever I -was
in'the bt£ camps I'd always go look into
; the v bakeshop windows • and Just gloat—
?rubber" they call it noWdays. My! but^.
•they* woiild bo beautlfuL Son. If I could
'a* been 'guaranteed that kind of a heaven .
Bomo-'of^them" times- I'd 'a* become th»
-hottest -kind, of a Christian zealot.' I'll 'tell
you that. That-spcU of gloatln* was wnat
1 -always looked 'forward .to when' J? was
lyin:<ont njghts. r . ..'
"We'll, the time before I madd;the strike
I outfitted in Grand Bar. The bake-Jolnt
there was jest a morjat t aggravation.
Sakes!but It did torment 'a body so! ,Jt>
twas :kep' - by.a Chink, and the star play ;
ln s the- window*- was a kind of two-story
' cake 'with' frostln* all over the place— on
'top and down the sides, and on the bottom.
fur all I knew. It looked that rich:' And
it had cocoanut mixed 'In .with 'it. 8ay,
now, that concrete looked tit to pave the
streets of the New Jerusalem with— and
a hunk was cut out/ Jest like I'd always
; dream - of so much— showin' a cross-see
• tion of rich yellow cake and a fruity.
•'Yes, I did, son. I yanked away from
all the hitchln* straps of decency when X
first struck it, jest like all the rest of *em.
Ob. I was an Indian in my time— a reg
'ler measly hop-plckin" Slwash at that.
"You don't know, of course, what Uvin*
out in the open on bacon and beans does
fur. a healthy man's cravin's. Ha gets
so he has visions day and night of high
livin'— nice broiled steaks with plenty of
fat on 'em. and 'specially cake and pre
serves and pies* like mother, used to malt*
—fat, juicy mince pies that would assay
at. least eight hundred dollars a ton ia
raisins alone, say nothing of the basor
metals. He sees the crimp around the
edacj made i with a fork and tne plc
tuie\t>f a leaf r pricked in the middle to
vent \tht; steam, and he gets to smellm*
'em- .'when* they're.. pulled ¦ smokin* hot
'ont.'ojC. the.,pven.«. And frosted caJse—tha
.layer .kjnd^abyut nye layers, with strata*
of- jelly . and custard and figs and ralsina
and whatever it might be. I saw 'em fur
> ears, -with a btg cuttln* out to show tae
cross-section. : * *H "->*
As tho train moved on after leaving
Ccplen. Percival fell to .thinking of th«
type of man his father had been.
"Uncle Peter," he said suddenly, "they
don't all cut loose, do they? Now, you
never did?"
HOW UNCLE PETER BINES ONCE
. CUT LOOSE.
CHAPTER XL
"Then theie'-wa/i S#* hi L«irb>v We're jest
gettin' to the detail's of Seth's expense ac
count aftrr by •' found thb*L.ucky Cuss. I
nee. the couAs- have •decided against tho
¦widow smd children.' uhd 'so -'they'll 'have
to worry off about live or'six millions for
the poorvlady he duped tso outrageously —
with a checker on the chipte.-- " >A " v
"As fur old Nat^ Kranil, a lawyer from
Cheyenne was t« Illn* me his numerous
widowt5 by courtly was goin^to form an
association and Khare his leavin'3 pro
raty. Baid they'd all got kind : of ac
quainted and made up their T minds -they
was euch a reg'lar band of •wolves that
none of 'em was able to do any of the
others In the long run, so they'd divide
even.
"Then there was Dave Kisber. and "
"JCever mind any more," Percival
headod enough tor the place he's bought
in th<- Senate, buf Sooley is restless until
he's bought- up 'or.fl «^nd of every town ho
goes lr.to, from Kdf-n plumb over to
Washington. D. C— nnd 'tain't ever tho
Jiund^y-st-hool "i-nd Sooley buys, either.
Jf he was m&Uin' two million a month
instead of one. jSooIey'd grieve himself to
death because )Lht-y don'tmake that live
dollar kind ofr-wine last enough.
"There'i, Sooley Pcntz. good-bear t«--d a
man as e\«-r backed vore and plenty long-
A*>r vt «<ELL, son. it's a ( matter I
*" \ A ) cal'latcd' first off to handlo
\f \y myself; but it -looks now as
* r if j-ou -bftter.be in on it. I
don't know just how much
you knew about your pa's ways, but,
anyhow, you wouldn't play him to grade
much higher above) standard than the
run cf 'em out here '.that has had
things comin' too easy for 'cm. lie was
all right. Dan'l J. was. God knows I ain't
discountin' the- comfort^ Vve always took
in him. He'd stand acid -all right, at any
ttafc of the garnet - Dttu'l forget that
about your pa." tj f
The young ican ¦reflected; ''¦
"The worct story I ;evcr heard of pa
rras about the tirnc]_. he vaulted to draw
$20,000 from the liank-in Tacona. They
telegraphed tho .'Iiuj.te .-Nliionai lo wife
his description, and»tjicansv,xr was "tall
and drunk.' " ? :?.
"Well, eon. Lis .periodicals wa'n't all.
Stems as If tbis.cnowd has a way fur
women, and they gear-rally yet the paff
because they're sy tJihi :n> ¦; esury. You
don't hear of them Hkstoru bis rrx-n get.
tiu' it so often, but»^'.ve-s':-en cnou^li of
'cm to know it ain't- because they're' any
Btraisrhtcr. They're*. jest a little k«« ner on
business proj>o£itions. They drau a fine
tight when it comet* to splittin' i>euries,
while mtn out here. Ifkc: your pa ia lav
ish ard careless. You know about lots of
the others. V* ¦•»:' r
Ctyyrljbt, 1302.. by Loltrop Publishing C»
• All rights rescrv-wl.
his own standing whercmoat he prized It
would noi be j<w»vardlz<d.
"Settle the bea» you can." waa his final
direction to Coplen. The lawyer left them
at the next station to wait for a train
back to Butte.
Then in rapid Hncccnulon Trill fol
low tkal thrillins ne«v Anierlcaa
novel. "TJie Master of Appleby." by
Francis Lynn: "Crittenden,*' ,hy
John Fox Jr.; "The Tn o Vanreveh,"
by Dooth Tari.ir.Kton, \i ho«e fainooH
novel. "The Gentleman from Indl
iiDa," baa jn«t been ' concluded In
these paces; »THe Tnrnpjke-House.i
|»y Fersrus Ilumr, 'etc., etc. • .
In •fc-srlDK this book. *t1i!cIi hn*
iml> crMiily lj««t-n denorihfd n« "the
unni Ab:«t1chji novel," The Snnday
tnll created a %critnb!e Journall»ll«
triamph. for there Iih* never been
•written a book wJiieli deal* with
inoderu life In Itoth the Kant and
tlie V*'c»t In r-ui It a utronx, ter»e.
ilirllllnt; manner as "The Spemitrs"
don. It hat bet-n aptly described
nts a "uovrl «»f new method," i»er
l;n;i" more because it reveals, la an
absolntel}' unique way. why Axuer-
Ica lt» the sr^at money-rankiuar na
tion of the earth, than for the fa«
.•iuRtinc love theme tliat pervade*
ft. **Tlie SpenUenn" in Xhi* form
¦Mill be trrmrii«l<iu*l> popalnr.
That in oue of th«- liest featnre*
«f The Snnday <r:all*» literary policy.
Von not only pret the very Intest
novels by the most famoun ivriteri*
In tue T*orld, but you pet them
quick. There are not lonis wait*
betvreen Installmentt. and no inter
minable series of "ContinaeU in onr
next" catch line*.
/T>HIS is the Second Install
1 ment cf "The Spenders,"
by Harry Leon Wilson-
* "Well, if we allowed it to come to a con
test,'.We might expose the "whole thing.
, and ; th<?ri again wo might not."* I tell you
eKe'a clever. ,SheV. eHowii Wat -every step.
NoW.theu'.if yod do tteht," and the lawyer
: bristled, as. if Piis' fighting 'spirit -were not
too faf under th»? <H»n?rol ofhls exporience
borrf caution, "why/ you »hir\'e litlgatloii
that's" bound- to Jast for -years,' and 'it
would be' pretty expensive.- I. admit' tho
case *ls> tempting 'to -a -lawyer, 'but in 'tho
end you don't know what you'll get, espe
cially • from : this -woman. Why, do you
> know 1 sh'Cs already,* we've found," mada
. up Jto- two- different Judges that might- bo
v interes.ted in, a»y; litigation she'd have.
I and. she's cultiyating-.others. r,The role tot
Joseph,'! he continued, "has never.vto.-the
best* of imy.belief. 'been -gracefully played
'in.tho world's history/ and. you may. have
.noticed 'that'the^ffembers of the "Montana
judfeiary 'seem -r'to be -particularly awk
: ward in* their es^ys at it In .the end,
theVi,^you'll lie 'out a ;lot-.ot,«noney even
: if i'ftu »win." OnUhe i\lh<:r hand.-you. hare
r a-4hanc*t6» settle : it for .good and. aU.
getting back everythlhg— excepting the
¦ wlJL ..wjilqh. of couree, v we # could'n't/ touch
. or teV-en" coricede'*the^exlste'nte : of, ,-but
! which, wtSuld;: if .such an instruroenUwera
extanf,t be destroyed in.* t tbje'i.presence:'-oC
'a iwitpess -whose integrity^ I could*" rely
' upon— well— as upon [ my.'o wn. . letters
, which .» she '.hasT- arid* which 'IJnaye s^in,,
j are^'atilo sucii as would ¦ tend . to substan<
; tiate*'her claims and" make the large be
* quest: to her. seem plauglble-rand' they're
'also! such letters ~as-^-I /should i Infer— the
. family- would rather wish not' to be' made
"She- -s turfed your father and she knew
him better t thah any of us, I judge. She
certainlj'*k'new he was liable to go at any
time, in exactly the way he did go. Why.
she even'hsTd a~ doctor down from Frisco
to Monterey when they were there about
a year, ago — Introduced him as an old
friend and- hadflilm "stay around three
days— just .to* give her a private profes
sional opinion 1 " on -his chances. A.s to this
will.- the, signature ia undoubtedly gen
uine, but^my judgment is she procured
it in some way on a blank sheet of paper
and had the will a^pve on. sheets
like it. As It conforms to the rear will
word for word, excepting the bequests to
her, she must Tiave had access to that be
fore haying this one written. Of course
that helps to make it look aa if the testa
tor had- changed his mind only as to the
one legatee— makes it look plaus.ble and
genuine." The witnesses wern of coursy
parties to the fraud, butl seriously ques
tion our ability to pro-e then: was fraud.
Wo' thfnk they procured a copy of tho
will we kept in our safe at Butte throujh
the clerk • that' Tafe 'fired awhile back be
cause of "his drinking. habits and because
he was generally suspiciour. of him. Of
course" thaVis only surmise." S -
. "But'can't we tight it?" demanded Per
"clval. hungrily attacking the crisp, browu
littie trout.' : * ••••-
they were" in the switching yard at Butte
and the car w.as being coupled to the i ear
of the train made up for Montana City,
lie- took advantage of the. stop to shave.
By the time was dressed they wero
under 'way agpin. steaming out past the
big's^rieltya tbat'palled^tho sky with
heavy black smoke. ? '*'-.
' breakfast table' he found Uncle
Peter' 'arid Ccplen. •
'."I'm inclined." said the lawyer, as
Perdval peeled a peach, "to agree with
.your grandfather. This woman— if I may
'use the .term— Is one of' the nerviest leg
pullers you're ever likely to strike."
: "LordriJhpura hope so." said Percival,
'with 'hearty emphasis. '-'
chops. . • JTfr^r.'T:
¦When lie -was Jolted -to conscibusnesa
: - "That's \ my view t now..;' ajid, tps , estate
bein'.left as "eihipjyjas it*wpts, 'wecan
make In the payments unbeknownst* to
the folks.". \ K : \ S ,- £\*..-x-J*f ',-*''
They said *• good-night, "-and^Percival^
went* off to dream ¦ that. a ; cab ihorse, of ¦(•
mammoth slzfi< waVahreatenlng: xtb f . eat ;
Miss Milbrey unless he" -drove.lt'> to! Spo-»V
kane Falls and bought 2.000J-000 millinery ;
( '.'Well, .let's, see what^CoRlen. has -to:say ,
In the morning. If it can be settled with
in reason I suppose ,we . bettej^jsiye.,up»V. . ,
Percival shuddered.*
"Well, mebbe that- and mebbe it means'",
that she knows we- don't want to tight .
considerable more than "a million dollars'
worth." 1 v ! \"' ' :. i .". •' • '*",
" **How**iuuch do you#think she'll hold
out for?" ¦ >. ' • ?
'VCsrii't tell: you don't know 'how bis
¦ptt Is" she's been.Emokin'." ' '
¦"JiuU'Via'mn 'it all. that's robbery?" '
"Y/es-Vbut [it's her deal. You -remember I
w'ben "Billy Drue* was plsyin*. seven-up .•
with a stranger in the Two-Hump saloon '
over'to iMon. and Chiddic Fojrle the bar
tender, called him'up front and whispered
tha't he'd "jest, seen the feller turn a Jack J
from iho bottom. ' 'Well,' says Diliie, look
ing kind of reprovin' at Chidd'e. "it was
his deal, wa'n't it?' Now it*3 r.ure this
blonde party's deal, and w*e better reckon
ahead a mite before we start ihy rough
house with her. You're due to find out if
you hadn't better let her turn her jack
and Virust .to get?in*> even on vour denL
You got a. claim" staked out In Nw York,
and a scandal. like this micht handicap
you In workm' it.' And 'tain't as if hush
jn' her up, was something we couldn't well
afford. And think of how it would tor
ment your. ma to know of them dcln's;
nr.d how 'twould shame Pish in company.
Of course, rob'ry. }a rob'ry, but inebbe it's
our p'ay to be jjporty ¦ like Billy Bruo
was."' .' ' .' ' ". - : '¦:'¦¦
"Pretty .bad.' 'isn't it?- I never suspected
pa was anything of this sort." i
"Well, I kncw.Pan't'J.' purty' well.and ¦
I Kn'.cened ajainf.t spm? of his ways.' but
list's doric'ror % Now the. folks'oiit in this '
part of the country havo cOme 4 to exptct it
from a man like him:" They don'tmind s^o •
much. But them New York folks— wv_P."
J .tlioug.it mebbft ypu'-d like to tai*« acl«^« j
bill'of health wlien you settle in'that cen
ter, of culture' and enlightenment-^ahd rc
membfr your -ma. and Pisb."-.- ' • "••'•
"Of courfe the exposure would mean a
lot of cheap notoriety — " •
"Well, and not so all-fired cheap" at
that, even if fwe b«at. - I've •h*>ard that*
lawyern aro tnreatenin' to stop this thing
of workin' entirely fur - thair •• health. •
There's that to weieb up." « • - ¦'¦¦ " ¦
"But I hate to be done." (j . ..: -
"Well, wouldn't you be worse duae*lf
you l«-t a matter of, money .when, you're
r^.kin' with it, keep you from m-otectin',
your pa's name? Do. you want, folks -.to -jj
enicker wien they read that ,'lovin'-.hus-,
band and father* .business on . his . grave- jj
stone? My! I, guess that young woman and .
her folks ..we met.the other day'd be tick
led to death , to, think' they knew, you, after
they'd read one of, tnem SQriday'newsna^ '
per storiea with pictures of us all,' and an
txtry fine one of »the' mJHIOTfiiire's*aupcy
basely enticed from -her< poor but v h<Jnesf .'¦
.millinery business, in Spokane." - *- "• '•: I
broke in. '"Do you mean that rny father
was mixed up like those old Indians?"
"Looks nov/ ab if be was. That telegram
from CojJen is concernin' of a lady— a
parly that was with him when he ditd.
The press report sent out that the young
and beautiful Mrs. Bines was, with her
husband iirtd was prostrated with grief.
Tour ma and Pishy was up to Steamiu'
Springs at the time,, and I ken* it from
them all r'.sht." - .....
••But how ras he entangled— to what
c3tont?" . x ¦ ¦ • .
"That's' wliat we'll set more light on in
i!:e morning. She mr.de a p!ay right after
i he will wne liled fur probate, and I told
Copiers to sec just what grounds she had.
an'l I'd settle myself if she really had
any u:i<J wa'n't unreasonable."
"if* just a question of blackmail, isn't
it? What did you offer?"
"Well, ?he has a slew of let
t<.rs—geitin' them, is - a matter of
sentiment and fecepln' - the f thinjr
quiet! Then she claims ta nave a will
ma<1o last Dpf-crnbtr and duly witnessed,
giving her the One Girl outright, and a
million cash. Ho you can tee she ain't
anything ordinary. I tr.jd Conjlen to offer
I'tr a million cash for every t ft insiathc-r'n
have any fu5R. I was goln' tcllx it up.
myself and keep quiet about it.".. . - ¦¦
"And this telegram looks as il. she .wan 1 .
ed to* tight." -!'¦ ¦ ??£ Li"**
THE SPENDERS
SUNDAY CALL
LITERARY SECTIONon two of mine were those horrid
little green crabs, actually equlrm
ing. I was going to send them back.
. ' but your pa laughed and ate them
himself— ate them alive and kicking."
"And terrapin!" exclaimed Perclval,
with anticipatory relish.
"That terrapin stew does taste kind
«t of good." his mother admitted, "but
*£ land's sakes! It has so many little bits
~ of bones In
It I always
get nervous
eating It. It
makes me
feel as If all
my t e e th
was coming
out.
"You'll soon learn
all those things, ma."
said her daughter— "and
not to talk to the waiters,
and everything like that
She always asks them how
much they earn, and If they
have a family, and how many
children, and If any of them ara
sick, you know," she explained to
Perclval. ' ¦ '
"And I s'pose you ain't much of a
hand fur emokln' cigarettes, are you.
ma?" Inquired Uncle Peter casually.
"Me!" exclaimed Mrs. Bines In horror:
"I never smoked one of the nasty little
th .!£fn *sSd S2"o!d man to Perclval. re
proachfully. "Is that any way to treat
your own mother? Here ahe's had all
this summer to learn cigarette smokln',
and you ain't put her at It-all that tlm©
wasted, when you know she's got to
learn. Get her one now so she can
light up."
"Why. Uncle Peter Bines, how absurd!
exclaimed his granddaughter.
"Well, them ladies smoked the other
day, and they was some of the reg*lar
Van Vanvans. You don't want your poor
ma kep* out of th© game, do you? Go-
In' to let her Bet around and toy with
the coppers, or maybe keep cases now and
then, are you? Or, you goln' to get Her a
stack of every color and let her play with
you? Pish, now, havln' been to a Frisco
seminary— she can pick It up, prob'ly In
no time: but ma ought to have practice
here at home, so she can find out what
brand she likes best. Now, Marthy, tttfem
Turkish cigarettes, In a nice silver box
with some naked ladies painted on the
outside, and your own monogram *M. B.*
In gold letters on every cigarette "
"Don't let him scare you, ma." Per
clval Interrupted. "You'll get Into the
game all right, and I'll see that you have
a good time."
"Only I hope the First Methodist Epis
copal Church of Montana City never
hears of her outrageous cuttln's-up." said
Uncle Peter. a3 If to himself. "They'd
have her up and church her, sure—smok
ln' clgarettesc with her gold monogram
on, at her age!"
"And of course w© must go to the Epis
copal Church there," said Psyche. "I
think those Episcopal ministers are Just
the smartest looking men ever. So swell
looking, and any way It's the only church
the right sort of people go to. We must
be awfully high church, too. It's the
very best way to know nice people." .;.".:
"I s'pos© If every day'd be Sunday by
and-bye, like the old song says, ifd b©
easier fur you, wouldn't It?" asked the old
man. "You and Petle would be 401 and 402
In Jest no time at all." •;
Uncle Peter continued to be perversely
frivolous about the most excluslv© met
ropolitan society In the world. But Uncle
Peter was a crabbed old man. lingering
past his generation, and tho young peo-
CHAPTER XII.
PLANS FOR THE JOURNEY EAST.
Until late In the afternoon they rode
through: a land that was bleak and bar
ren * of all grace or cheer. The dull
browns and grays of the landscape wero
unrelieved by any green or freshness save
close by the banks of an occasional
stream. The vivid blue of a cloudless
sky served only to light up its desolation
to greater disadvantage. It was a grim
unsmiling land, hard to like.
"This may be God's own country," said
Percival once, looking but over a stretch
of gray sagebrush to a mass of red sand
stone Jutting up, high, sharp and ragged.
In the distance — 'out it looks to me as if
he - got tired of It himself and gave up
before It wan half finished."
"A man has to work here a few years
to love It," said Uncle Peter, shortly.
As they left the car at Montana City in
the early dusk, that thriving metropolis
had never seemed so unattractive to Per
cival; so rough, new, garish, .and. want-
Ing so many of the softening charms of
the East. Through the wide, . unpaved
streets, lined with their low ¦ wooden
buildings, they drove to the Bines man
sion, a landmark in the oldest and most
fashionable part of the town. For such
distinctions are made in Western towns
as soon as the first two chanties are built.
The Bines house had been a monument
Throckmorton? Give her my love and
ask her if she can be ready to Btart for
the effete East in twenty minutes."
It was his habit to affect that he con
stantly forgot his mothcr'3 name. He
had discovered years before that he was
sometimes able thus .to puzzle her mo
mentarily.
"Why, Percival V\ exclaimed this excel
lent lady, coming hurriedly from the
kitchen regions," "I haven't a thing
packed. . Twenty , minutes ! Goodness ! I
do declare!", ¦ ..."-;,
It was an infirmity of Mrs. Bines that
she was ", unable , to take otherwise than
literally; whatever- might be. said to her;.
an. Infirmity ..known and played upon ' re
lentlessly by her son. '
"Oh, weU<" he; exclaimed with a show
of irritation.' "I suppose we'll be delayed
then. That's like a. woman. Never ready
on time. Probably. we can't start now till
after dinner,' Now hurry! You know that
boat leaves the dock for Tonsolitis at 3:23
—I hope you won't be seasick.", v ;
"Boat— dock— ". Mrs. .Bines stopped to
convince' herself beyond . a certainty, that
no dock nor boat' could be within many
hundred miles of her by any ¦¦• possible
chance. ." . ' - . '.
•'Never.- mind,'.' said Psyche; "give ma
half an hour's notice and she can start
for any old place." ' .. y
'•'Can't she though!", and Percival, seiz
ing his ; astounded mother. : waltzed j with
her. down the hall, leaving her at the far
end with profusely, polite assurances that
he would bring j her Immediately a lemon
Ice, an Ice pick and a cold roast turkey
with pink stockings on. -•;
. "Never mind, Mrs.' Cartwrlgbt," he
called back; to; her— "oh,"; beg pardon—
Bliys? ° yes, yes," to be sure— well, \l never
• mind, Mrs. Brennlngs. 'We'll, give you
that new-fangled horseless piano and play
It to death."
Uncle Peter meant the new automatic
piano in the parlor. As far as the new
cabinet was from the what-not this mod
ern bit of mechanism was from the old
cottage organ— the latter with its "Cas
ket of Household Melodies" and the for
mer with its perforated paper repertoire
of "The World's Best Music," ranging
without prejudice from Beethoven's Fifth
Symphony to "I Never Did Like a Nigger
Nohow," by a composer who shall be un- v
named on this page.
."And Uncle Peter won't have any one to
bother him when he makes a litter with
all those old plans and estimates and
maps of his." said Psyche; "you'll be able
to do a lot more work. Uncle Peter, this
winter."
"Yes; only I ain't got any more work
to do than I ever had. and I always man
aged to do that, no matter how you did
clean up after me and mix up my papers.
I'm like old Nigger Pomeroy. He was
doln*. a job of whltewashln' one day and
he had an old whitewash brush with most
of the hair gone out of it. I says to him,
•Pomeroy, why don't you- get you a new
brush? You could do twice as much
work. And Pomeroy says, 'That's right,
Mr. Bines, but the trouble Is I ain't got
twice as much work to do/ 8o don't you
folks icet out on my account," he con
cluded politely.
"And you know we shall be In mourn
ing." said Psyche to her brother.
"I've thought of that. We can't do any
entertaining, except' of the most Informal
kind, and we can't go out except very In
formally; but then, you know, there
aren't many people that have us on their
lists, and while. we're keeping quiet we
shall have a chance to ret acquainted a
little." . \ '
In due time they were rattling over a
tangled maze of switches, dodging inter
minable, processions of freight cars, bare
ly missing crowded passenger trains
whose bells struck clear and then flatted
as the trains flew by, defiling by narrow
waterways crowded with small shipping,
winding through streets lined with high,
gloomy warehouses, amid the clang and
clatter, the strangely sounding bells and
whistles of a thousand industries, each
sending up Its Just contribution of black
smoke to the pall that lay always spread
above, and steaming at last Into a great
roomy shed, where all waa system and
where the big engine trembled.and panted
as If In relief at having run In safety a
gauntlet so hazardous. ':/ • .'-.-:
"Anyway. I'd rather live In Montana
City than Chicago," ventured Mrs. Bines.
"Whatever pride you may feel In your
discernment, Mrs. Cadwallader. Is amply
Justified," replied her son, performing be.
fore the amazed lady a bow that lndl-
And even Mrs. Bines was not without
a sense of quiet and rest Induced by the
gentler contours of the landscape through
which they now sped.
"The country here does seem a lot
cozier," she admitted.
The hills rolled away amiably and re
assuringly: the wooded slopes In their gay
coloring of autumn Invited confidence.
Here were no forbidding stretches of the
gray alkali desert, no grim bare moun
tains, no solitude of desolation. It was a
kind of land fat with riches. The shorn
yellow fields, the capacious red barns, tha
well-conditioned homes, all told eloquent
ly of peace and plenty. So. too, did the
villages— those lively little clearing-houses
for Immense farming districts. To tha
adventurer from New York they seem al
ways new and crude. To our travelers
from a newer, cruder region they were
actually esthetic In their suggestions of
an old and well-established civilization.
"Why, Percival," exclaimed his mother,
reprovingly, "do you mean to say there
aren't 'any Christians In Montana City?
How you talk! There are lots of good
Christian people tn- re. though I must
say I have my doubts about that new
Christian Science Church they started last
spring."
"The- term, Mrs. Thorndlke, was used
In Its social rather than Its theological
significance." replied her son, urbanely.
"Far be It from me to Impugn the religion
of that community of which we are ceas
ing to be Integers at the pleasing rate of
sixty miles an hour. God knows they need
their faith In a different kind of land
hereafter!"
"She's goln'." he continued. In answer
to Perdval's look of Inquiry, "to take her
bank-roll to New York. She says It's the
only place fur folks with money. Jest Ilka
you say. ,She tells Coplen that there
wa'n't anv fit society out here at all— no
advantages fur a lady of capacity .and
ambitions. I reckon she's goln* to be 402
all right."
"Seems to me she did pretty well here;
I don't see any kicks due her."
"Yes, but she's like all the rest. The-
West was good .enough to make her
money In. but the East gets her when
tpendln' time comes."
As the train started he swung himself
off with a sad little "Be good to your
self!"
"Thank th« Lord we're under Tray at
last!" cried Percival, fervently, when the
group at the station had been shut from
view.
"Isn't It Just heavenly!" exclaimed his
sister. "Think of having all of New York
you want— being at home there — and not
having to look forward to this desola
tion- of a place."
Mrs. Bines was neither depressed nor
elated. She was maintaining that calm
level of submission to fate which had been
her lifelong habit. -The Journey and the
new life were to be undertaken because
they formed for her the line of least re
sistance along which all energy must
flow. Had her children elected to camp
for the remainder of their days In the cen
ter of the desert of Gobi, she would have
faced that life with as little sense of per
sonal concern and with no more misgiv
ings.
Down out of the maze of hills the train
wound; and then by easy grades after
two davs of travel down off the great
plateau to where the plains of Nebraska
lay away to a far horizon In brown bil
lows of withered grass.
Then came the crossing of the sullen,
sluggish Missouri, that highway of an
earlier day to the great Northwest: and
after that the better wooded and better
settled lands of Iowa and Illinois.
"Now we're getting where Christians
live." BaM Percival, with warm appre
ciation.
It was mid-October. The two saddle
horses and a team for carriage use had
been shipped ahead. In the private car
the little party was beginning Its own
Journey eastward. From the rear plat
form they had watched the tall figure of
Uncle Peter Bines standing in the bright
autumn sun. aloof from the band of ker
chief-wavlng friends, the droop of his
head and shoulders showing the dejection
he felt at seeing them go. He had resist
ed all entreaties to accompany them.
His last Injunction to Percival had been
to marry early.
"I know your stock and I know you."
he said, "and you got no call to be ran
gin' them pastures without a brand. You
never waa meant for a maverick. Only
don't let the first woman that comes
rldin* herd get her Iron on you. No man
fcnows much about the critters, of
course, but I've noticed a few things In
my time. You pick one that's full-chest
ed, that's got a fairlsh-slzed nose, and
that likes cats. The full chest
means, she's healthy. the nosa
means she ain't finicky, and likin*
cats means she's kind and honest and un
selfish. Ever notice some women when a *
cat's around? They pretend to like 'em
¦nd sav 'Nice kitty!' but you can see
they're vlewin" 'em with bitter hate and
suspicion. If thev have to stroke 'em
they do It plenty gingerly and you can
see 'em shudderln' inside like. It means
they're catty themselves. But when one
grabs a cat up as If she was goln" to eat
It and cuddles It In her neck and talks
baby-talk to It, you play her for beln*
sound and true. Pass up the others, son.
"And speakin* of the fair sex," he add
ed, as he and Percival were alone for a
moment, "that enterprlsln* lady we set
tled with Is goto* to do one thinr you'll
approve of.
THE ARGONAUTS RETURN TO THE
RISING SUN.
CHAPTER XIII.
"And so r laid out to nurse my appe
tite, and aggravate It by never glvin' it
quite all it wanted. When I was In the.
hills after a day's tramp I'd let it have
its fling on such delicacies as I could turn
out of the fryin'-pan myself, but when I
got in again I'd begin to act bossy with
it. It's wantin' reasonably that keeps
folks alive, I reckon. The mls-a-blest
folks I've ever saw was them that had
killed all their wants by overfeedin' 'em.
"Then, again, son. in this world of hu
man faiiln's there ain't anything ever can
be as pure and blameless and satlsfyln'
as the 6tuff In a bake-shop window looks
like it is. Don't ever furget that It's Jest
too good to be true. And In the next
place— pastry"" good In Its .way. but the
best you can ever get Is what's made fur
you at home— I'm talkin* about a lot of
things now that you don't probably know
any too much about. Sometimes the boys
out in the hills spends their time dream-
In* fur other things besides pies and
cakes, but that system of mine holds good
all through the deal— you can play it from
soda to bock and not lose out. And that's
why I'm outlastin* a lot of the boys and
still gettin* my fun out of the game.
"It's a good system for you. aon. while
you're learnln* to use your head. Your pa
played it at first, then he cut loose. And
you need it worse'n ever he did. If I got
you sized up right. He touched me on one
side, and touched you on the other. But
you can last longer If you Jest keep the
system In mind a little. Remember what
I say about the window stuff."
Percival had listened to the old man's
stcry with proper amusement, and to the
didactics with that feeling Inevitable
to youth which says secretly, as It
affects to listen to one whom It does
not wish to wound, "Yes, yes. I know,
but you were living In another day, long
ago, and you are not me!"
He went over to the desk and began to
scribble a name on the pad of paper.
"If a man really loves one woman he'll
behave all right," be observed to Uncle
Peter. ' ' V
"It took jest three weeks fur me to get
right inside again. Mv. but meat victuals
and all like that did taste mignty scrump
tious when I could handle them again.
"After that when I'd been out In the
hills fur a season I'd get that hankerin"
back, and when I come in I'd have a lit
tle frosted-cake orgy now and then. But
I kep' myself purty well in hand. I never
overdone It like that again, fur you see
I'd learned something. First off, there
was the appetite. I soon see the gist of
my fun had been the wantin' the stuff,
the appetite fur it, and if you nursed an
appetite along and deluded it with prom
ises it would stay by you like one of them
meacbm* yellow dogs. But a3 soon as
you tried to do the good-fairy act by it.
and give it all it hankered fur. you killed
It off. and then you wouldn't be enter
tained by it no more, and kep' stirred up
and busy.
"Fur fo^r days I led a life of what
they call 'unbridled licentiousness' while
that Chink pendered to me. I never was
any hand fur drink, btit I cut loo*e in
that fancy-food joint, now I tell you.
"The lifth day I begun to taper off. T
begun to have a suspicion the stuff was
made of snwdust with plasty of Paris fur
frottin*. The sixth day I was pure it
was sawdust and my shameful debauch
tomes to an end right th«»re. t
remembered the story about the
feller thiit ca'-'lated his chickens
wouldn't tel! cny different, so he fed 'em
j=awdust instead of corn-meal, and by
and by a settin' of eggs hatched out
twelve of the chickens had wooden legs
and the thirteenth was a woodpecker.
Say. I felt so much like two cords of
four-foot stove wood that it made me
plumb nervous to ketch sight of a saw
buck.
"That meal *et me back $34 7a. When I
went out I noticed the plain sponge cakes
and lruit cakes and dried-apple pies—
thir.ps that had been out of my reach fur
twenty yean*, and— My! but they did
look rnmmrn and unappetisln*. I kind
of shivered at the. slcht of *em.
"I ordered another one of the big cakes
and two more lemon pies fur the next
day.
I et that alt. and I et another one with
jflly. and a. bunch of little round ones
with frostin' and raisins, and a bottle of
brandied peaches, and about a dozen
cream puffs, and half a lemon pie with
frostin' on top. and four nr five Charlotte
rushes. The Chink had learned to make
'cm all in 'Frisco.
"He prinned and hurried back with It.
•"Well. son. nothing had ever tasted f>
pood to me. and I ain't say'n' that wa'n't
the bis^est worth of all my money't I
ever got. I'd been tralnin' fur that cako
fur twenty edd year, and proddin' my
imagination up fur the last ten weeks.
"I pulled nut my buckskin pouch. 'Bring
nrr back and take it out of that.' I says—
'wh«»n I cet through." I Rays.
Six doll's/ he says, kind of cautious,
"I says,. 'No, you slant-eyed heathen.'
or some such name as that- But. when
you're looking fur tests of character, son^
don't let that one hide away from you.
I'd play that fur the heftiest moral cour
age I've ever showed, anyway. . ,
"The third day it was gone and a lemon
ric was there, all with nice kind of
brownish snow on top. I was on my way
out then, pushin' the mule. I took one
linjrerin' last look and felt proud of my
self when I saw the hump In the pack
made by my bag of beans.
- " That-like flummery food's no kind of
diet to be Irackin' np payrock on," I says
to kind of cheer myself.
"Four w^cks later I struck It. And six
«TPks after that T bad things in shape
po't I was able to. leave. •'I was nearer to
other places 'twas blgper. but I made fur
Orand Bar. lrttin* on't I wanted to see
about a r'aim there. I'd 'a' felt foolish
to have any one know Jest why I was
mnton" the trip.
"On the way I pot to havin' night
mares, 'fear that Chink would be gone.
I knew if ha was I'd go down to my
prave with something comin* to me be
cause I'd never found Jest that Identical
cake I'd been famtshin* fur.
"When I got up front of the window,
you can believe it or not. but that Chink
was Jest settin* down another like it.
Now you know how that Monte Cristo
carried on after he'd proved up. Well.
T trot Into his class, all right. I walked
in Dant a counter where the Chink had
crullers and gingerbread and a lot of
low-grade stuff like that, and I set down
to a little table with this here marble
oilcloth on !t.
" 'Bring her back/ I says, kind of
tremblln*. and polntln" to the window.
"The Chink pattered up and come back
with a little slab of it on a tin plate. I
Jest let it set there.
" 'Bring it all/ I says; 'I want the hull
ball of wax '
lookin' llllin' that jest made a man want
to give up.
"I* was there three days, and every day
I'd Btop in front of that window and jest
naturally hone fur a slice of that vision.
The Chink was standln" in the door the
nr*t day.
" 'Six doll's." he says, kind of enticin
me. * - ' '
"He might as welt 'a* -said six thou
sand. I ehook my head.
"Next day 1 was there again, yearnln'.
The Chink see me and come out.
•"One doll' li'l piece/ he says.
"Only there Is one thing," aald his sis
ter' to Percival. when later they were
alone: "we roust be careful about ma;
Bhe will persist In making such dreadful
breaks. In spite of everything I can do.
In San Francisco last" June. Just before
we went to Steaming Springs, there wa*
one hot day, and of course everybody was
complaining. Mrs. Beale remarked that
It wasn't the heat that bothered us so, but
the humidity. It was so damp, you know.
Ma spoke right up so everybody could
hear her. and said, 'Yes. isn't the humid
ity dreadful? Why, it's Just running off.
me from every pore!' "
pie made generous allowance for his In
firmities.
¦s'l" hear they do have dreadful times
with help in'New York," said Mrs. Bines.
"Don't let that bother you, ma," her
son reassured her. "We'll go to the High
tower Hotel first. You remember you and
pa were there when It first opened. It's
twice as large now. and we'll take a suite,
have our meals served privately, our own
servants provided by the hotel,' and you
won't have a thing to worry. you. ..We'll
be snug there for the winter. Then for
the summer we'll go to Newport' and when
we, come back from tbere-. we'll. take a
house. . Meantime, after we've ¦ looked
around a bit. we'll build, maybe up on one
of those fine corners east of the Park."
"I almost dread It," his mother rejoined.
"I never did see how they kept track of
all the help in that hotel, and If It's twice
as monstrous now, however do they do It
—and have the> beds all made every day
and the meals always on time?"
"And you can get meals there, said
Percival. "I've been' needing a broiled
lobster all summer— and now the oysters
will-be due— fine tat Buzzard's Bay— and
oyster crabs."
"He ain't been able to touch a morsel
out here," observed Uncle Peter, with a
palpably false air of concern. "I got all
worried up about him. barely peckln' at a
crurnb or two."
"I never could learn to eat those oysters
out of their shells," Mrs. Bines con
fessed. "They taste so much better out of
th« can. Once, we bad them raw and
Vlt^ is but fair towarn you that this is
only the first of a volume of similar
poems which I contemplate writing.
And as the theme appears now to be ia-
"My Dear Miss Mllbrey: *I send you the
first and only poem I ever wrote. I, may
of course,; be a-. prejudiced critic,"' 1 but it
seems-; tp y me to possess in abundance
those; graces of meter, rhyme, high
thought in poetic form and pcrfection'fof
finish, which the critics- unite In demand-
Ing. '.. To be' honest with you-^ajid why
should 1 conceal that conceit which every
artist is said secretly to feel in his own
production?— I tiave encountered no 'other
poem in our n'dble tongue which has so
moved and captivated me.
"Oh, I ain't preachln' like some do.
Havin' a go<Jd time is all right; it's the
only thing. I Teckon, sometimes, that Jus
tines" the misery of llvln*. But cuttin'
loose lsbad Judgment. A man wakes up
to.' find that his natural promptin's has
cold-decked him. if I smoked the best
see-gars now all the time, purty soon I'd
get so't I wouldn't appreciate 'cm. That's
"why 1 always keep some of these out-door
free-burners on hand. One of them now
and then makes the others taste better."
The young man had become deaf to the
musical old voice. • *¦'_ ' '. w
He was writing: . ~- '>
While Chinese Wung lighted the hall
gas and busied himself /with their hats
and bags. Psyche Bines' came down the
stairs to greet them. Never had her
youthful freshness so appealed to her
brother. The black gown she wore em
phasized her blond beauty. As to^ give
her the aspect of mourning one might
have tried as reasonably to hide the radi
ance of the earth in springtime with that
trifling pall. • ¦ ¦ ,
Her brother kissed her with moro than
hla usual warmth. Here was one ta feel
wh.at he felt, to sympathize warmly with
all those new yearnings that were to take
him out of the crude West. She wanted,
for his own reasons, all that he wanted.
She understood him; and she was hia
to new wealth from the earliest, days of
the town, which was a fairly, decent an
tiquity for the region.:But the house and
the ¦ town grated harshly now upon the
young man. He burned with, a fever of
haste to be off toward the East— over
the far rim- of hills, and the -farther
higher mountain range, to a land that
had warmed genially under three hundred
years of civilized occupancy— where peg
pic had lived and fraternized long enough
to create the atmosphere he craved so ar
dently. ;;
¦ "Maybe I might." replied the old man,
"but -Billy Bruo ain't exactly broke to a
ghack like this. I know Just what he'd
do all hia spare time; h.o'4 set down ta
"Anyhow, you'll soon be back," he
warned them. "You won't like it a mite.
I tried it myself thirty years ago. - I'll
Jest camp here until you do come back.
My! but you'll be glad to get here again."
"Why not havo Billy Brue coma btay
with you?" suggested Mrs. ' Bines, who
was hurting herself with pictures of the
old man's loneliness, "}n case you should
want a plaster on your back or some nut
meg tea brewed, or ¦ anything? That
,Wuny is so trifling."
Uncle Peter, though he had long since
recognized his cause as lost,' remained
doggedly inimical to the migration. 'The
home was being broken up and he was
depressed.
time to put your gloves and a .bottle of,
horseradish . and a nail file and hammer
into that neat traveling bag of yours. .
."Now let me go up and get clean, again.
That lovely alkali, dust has worked clear
into my bearings, so " I" m liable to have* a
hot* box *> Just as- we set the line open
ninety miles ahead."
At dinner and afterward the new West
and the old aligned 'themselves into hos
tile camps, as of ydre. The young people
chatted with lively interest of the com
ing change, of the New York people who
had visited the mine, of the attractions
and advantages-of life in New "York.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
exhaustible, I am not sure that I can see
any limit to the number of volumes £
shall be compelled to issue. Pray accept
this author's copy with his best and hope
fullest wishes. One other copy has been
sent to the book reviewer of the Arcady
Lyre, in the hope that he, at least, will
have the wit to perceive in it that ulti
mate and ideal perfection for which the
humbler bards have hitherto striven in
vain. Sincerely and seriously yours,
"P. PERCIVAL BINES."
¦ Thus ran the exalted poem on a sheet
of note paper:
"AVICE MIL.BREY.
AvJce Mllbrey. Avtee Milbrey, Avlce Mllbrey,
Avice Mllbrey. AvJce Mtlbrey. Avice Mllbrey,
Avfce Mllbrey, Avlce Mllbrey,
Avlce Mllbrey, Avlce Mllbrey,'
Avice Milbrey. Avlce Mllbrey, Avlce Mllbrey.
And ninety-eight thousand other verses quite
like it."
"TEA MISS MILBBEY JUSTLY
BECKONED AMONG THE
SANITIES OF LIFE."
2
ally , against the
aged and narrow man
who would have held
them to life in that phys
ical and social desert.
"Well, sis, here we are!"
he began. "How fine; you're
looking! . And how is Mrs.THE SUNDAY CALL.
3
cated the lowest depths of slavish defer
ence.
"I am now," he continued, "going oui
to pace the floor of this locomotive bou
doir for a few exhilarating breaths ol
finoke, and pretend to myself that I'v«
got to live in Chicago forever. A littl«
discipline like that Is salutary to keep on<
from forgetting the great blessing whlcr
a merciful Providence has conferred upor
one."
"I'll walk a bit with you." said his sis
tor, donning her Jacket and a cap.
"Lest my remarks have seemed indeter
minate, madam," sternly continued Percl
val at the door of the car, "permit me t<
add that If Chicago were heaver
I should at once enter upon a life o)
crime. Do not affect to mlsunder-
Ptand me, I beg of you. I should
leave no aveuue of salvation open to mj
precious soul. I should Incur no risk of be
ing numbered among the saved. I should
be b-a-d. and I should sit up nights to in
vent new ways of eviL If I had an>
leisure left from being as wicked as 3
could be, I should devote it to teaching
those I love how to become abandoned
I should doubtless Issue a pamphlet. 'How
to Merit Perdition Without a Master.
Learn to be Wicked at your Own Home in
Ten Lessons. Instructions Sent Securely
Sealed from Observation. Thousands ol
Testimonials from the Most Accomplished
Reprobates of tha Day.' I trust Mrs.
Llewellyn Lefflngwell-Thompson, that you
will never again so far forget yoursell
as to utter that word 'Chicago' in my pres
ence. If you feel that you must give
way to the evil impulse, go off by yourseli
and utter the name behind the protection
of closed • doors— where t^<« Innocent girl
cannot hear you. Come, sister. Other
wise I may behave In a manner to be re
gretted in my calmer moments. Let us
leave the woman alone, now. Besides, I've
EOt to go out and help the hands make
up that New York train. You never can
telL Some horrible accident might hap
pen to delay us here thirty minutes.
Cheer up, ma; It's always darkest just
before leaving Chicago, you know."
Thus flippantly do some of the younger
eons of men blaspheme this metropolis
of the mid-West— a city the creation oi
which is. by many persons of discrimina
tion, held to be tha chief romance and
abiding miracle of the nineteenth cen
tury.
Let us rejoice that one such partisan
•was now at hand to stem the torrent ol
abuse. As Percival held back the door foi
his sister to pass out, a stout little rud
dy-faced man with trim gray side whis
kers came quickly up the steps and barred
their way with cheery aggressiveness.
"Ah! Mr. Hlgbee— well, well!" ex
claimed Perclval. cordially.
"Thought it might be some of you folks
when I saw the car," said Hlgbee, shak
ing hands all around.
"And Mrs. Bines, too! and the girl,
looking like a Delaware peach when th<?
crop's 'failed.' How's everybody, and
how long you gulng to be in the good old
town?"
"Ah! we were Just speaking of Chicago
•as you came in." said Perclval. blandly.
"Isn't she a great old town, though — a
wonder!"
"My boy," said Higbee, in low, solemn
tones that came straight from his heart,
"she gets greater every day you live,
You can see 'her at it, fairly. How long
since you been here?"
"I came through last June, you know,
after I left younr yacht at Newport."
"Yes, yes; to be sure; so you did— poor
Daniel J. — but say, you wouldn't know
the town now If you haven't seen It since
then. Why, I run over from New York
every thirty days or so and «-he growa
out of my ken every time, like a five
year-old boy. Say, I've got Mrs. Hlgbee
up in the New York sleeper, but if
you're going to be here a spell we'll
stop a few days longer and I'll drive you
around— what say?— packing-houses— Lake
Shore drive— Lincoln Park—"
He waited, glowing confidently, as one
submitting irresistible temptations.
Percival beamed upon him with moist
eyes.
"By Jove. Mr. Hlgbee! that's clever of
you— it's royal. Sis and I would like noth
ing better— but you see. my poor mother
here is almost down with nervous pros
tration and we've got to hurry her to New
York without an hour's delay to consult
a specialist. We're afraid"— he glanced
anxiously at the astounded ?>Irs. Bines,
and lowered his voice — "we're afraid she
may not be with us long:."
"Why, Percival," began Mrs. Bines,
dazedly, "you was Just saying—"
"Now, don't fly all to pieces, ma!— take
It easy— you're with, friends, be sure of
that. You needn't beg us to go on. You
know we wouldn't think of stopping when
it may mean life or death to you. You
see. just the way she is," he continued to
the sympathetic Higbee — "we're afraid
she may collapse any moment. So we
must wait for another time, but I'll tell
you what to do. Go get Mrs. Hlgbee and
your traps and come let us put you up
to New York. We've got lots of room
—run along now — and we'll have some of
that ham. 'the kind you have always
bought,' for lunch. A. L. Jackson Is a
miserable cook, too, if I don't know the
truth."
Gently urging Hlgbee through the door,
he stifled a systematic inquiry into the
details of Mrs. Bines' affliction.
"Come along quick! I'll go help you and
we'll have Mrs. Higbee back before the
train starts."
"Do you know." Mrs. Bines thoughtfully
observed to her daughter, "I sometimes
mistrust Perclval ain't Just right In his
head; you remember he did have a bad
fall on It when he was two years and five
months old — two years five months and
eighteen days. The .way he carries on
right before folks' faces! That time I
went through the asylum at Butte there
•was a young man kept going on with the
came outlandish rigmarole Just like Per
cival. The idea of Perclval telling me to
eat a lemon Ice with an Ice pick, and "Oh,
•why don't the flesh brushes wear nice,
proper clothes brushes!' and be sure and
hammer my nails good and hard after I
get them manicured. And back home he
was always wanting to know where the
meat augers were, saying he'd Just
bought nine hundred new ones and he'd
have to order a ton more if they were
all lost. I don't believe there Is such a
thing as a meat auger. I don't know what
on earth a body could do with one. And
that other young man," she concluded
significantly, "they had him In a little bit
of a room with an iron-barred door to It
like a prison celL" ' -; s
CHAPTER XIV.
MR. «IGBEE COMMUNICATES SOME
VALUABLE INFORMATION.
The Hlgbees were presently at home In
the Bines car. Mrs. Higbee was a pleas
ant, bustling, plump little woman,
gparkling-«yed and sprightly. Prominent
In her manner was a helpless little con
fession of inadequacy to her. ambitions
that made her personality engaging. To
be energetic and friendly, and deeply ab
sorbed in people who bold and con
fident, was her attitude.
She began bubbling at once to Mrs.
Bines and Psyche of the latest fashions
for mourners. Crepe was more swagger
than ever before, both as trimming and
for entire costumes.
"House gowns, my dear, and dinner
gowns, made entirely of crepe In the prin-
cesse style, will exactly suit your daugh
ter—and on the dinner gowns she can
wear a trimming of that dull Jet passe
menterie."
From gowns she went naturally to the
difficulty of knowing whom to meet In a
city like New York— and how to meet
them— and the watchfulness required N to
keep daughter Millie from becoming en
tangled with leading theatrical gentle
men.
Amid PercivaTa lamentations that he
must so soon leave for Chicago, tha train
moved slowly out of the big shed to
search In the Interwoven puzzle of tracks
for one that led to the East.
As they left the center of the city Hlg
bee drew Percival to one of the broad
side windows.
"Pull up your chair and sit here a min
ute," he said, with a mysterious little air
of importance. "There's a thing this
train's going to pass right along here that
I want you to look at. Maybe you've seen
better ones, of course— and then again "
It proved to be a sign some twenty feet
high and a whole block long. Emblazoned
upon Its broad surface was "Higbee's
Hams." At one end and towering another
ten feet or so above the mammoth let
ters was a white-capped and aproned chef
abandoning his mercurial French tem
perament to an utter frenzy of delight
over a "Higbee's Ham" which had ap
parently just been vouchsafed to him by
invisible benefactor.
"There, now!" exclaimed Higbee; "what
do you call that— I want to know— hey?"
"Great! Magnificent!" cried Percival,
with the automatic and ready hypocrisy
of a sympathetic nature. "That certainly
Is great."
"Notice the size of It?" queried Higbee,
when they had flitted by.
"Did I!" exclaimed the young man re
proachfully. - •
"We went by pretty fast— you couldn't
see it well. I tell you the way they're
allowed to run trains so fast right here
In this crowded city Is an outrage. I'm
blamed if I don't have my lawyer take it
up with the Board of Aldermen—slaugh
tering people on their tracks right and
left— you'd think these railroad companies
owned the earth— But that sign, now.
Did you notice you could read every let
ter in the label on that ham? You
wouldn't think it was a hundred yards
back from the track, would you? Why,
that label by actual measure is six feet
four Inches across — and yet It looks as
email— and everything all In the right
proportion. It's wonderful. It's what I
call art," he concluded, In a slightly dog
matic tone.
"Of course It's art," Percival 1 agreed;
"er— all— hand-painted. I suppose?"
"Sure! that painting alone, letters and
all, cost four hundred and fifty dollars.
I've Just had it put up. I've been after
that place for years, but It was held on
a long lease by Max, the Square Tailor—
you know. You probably remember the
sign he had there— 'Peerless Pants Worn
by Chicago's Best Dressers' with a man
in his shirt sleeves looking at a new pair.
Well, finally. I got a chance to buy those
two back lots, and that give me the site,
and there she is, all finished up. That's
partly what I coma on this time to see
about. How*d you like the -wording 'of
that sign?"
"Fine— simple and effective," replied
Percival.
"That's it— simple and effective. It goes
right to the point and it don't slop over
beyond any, after it gets there. We
Etudied a good deal over that sign. The
other man, the tailor, had too many
words for the board space. My advertisin*
man wanted it to be, first, 'Higbee's
Hams' That's AH.' But, I don't know—
for so big a space that seemed to me
kind of— well— kind of flippant and undig
nified. Then I got it down to 'Eat Hig
bee's Hams.' That seemed short enough
—but after studyln' it, I says. What's the
use of saying 'eat'? No one would think,
I says, that a ham is to paper the walls
with or to stuff sofa cushions with— so
off comes 'eat' as being superfluous, and
leving it simple and dignified— 'Higbee's
Hams.'
"By the way," said Perclval. when they
were sluing together again later in the
day, "where is Henry now?"
Hlgbee chuckled.
"That's the other thing took me back
this time— the new sign and getting Hank
started. Henry Is now working ten hours
a day out to the packing-house. After a
year of that he'll be taken into the of
fice and his hours will be cut down to
eight. Eight hours a day will seem like
sinful idleness to # Henry by that time."
Perclval whistled in amazement.
"I thought you'd be surprised. But the
short of It Is, Henry found himself facing
work or starvation. He didn't want to
starve a little bit, and he finally conclud
ed he'd rather work for his dad than any
one else.
"You see. H-nry was doing tha Rake's
Progress act there in New York— being- a
gilded youth and such lme. Now being
a gilded youth and *a well-known man
about town' Is something that wants to
be done In moderation, and Henry didn't
seem to know the meaning of the word.
I put up something like a hundred and
eighty thousand dollars for Hank's gliding
last year. Not that I grudged him the
money, but it wasn't doing him any.good.
He was making a monkey of himself with
it, Henry was. A good bit of that hun
dred and eighty went into a comic opera
company that was one of the worst I
ever did see. Henry had no Judgment.
He was too easy. Well, along this sum
mer he was on the point of making a
break that would— well, I says to him,
says I, 'Hank, I'm no penny-squeezer; I
like good stretchy legs myself,' I says;
'I like to see them elastic so they'll give
a plenty when they're pulled; but,' I
says, 'if you take that step.' I says, 'If
you declare yourself, then the rubber In
your legs.' I says, 'will pust naturally
snap; you'll find you've overplayed the
tension,' I says, 'and there won't be any
more stretch left In them.'
"The secret Is, Hank was being chased
by a whole family of wolves— that's the
gist of It— fortune-hunters— with tushes
like the ravening lion In Afric'a gloomy
Jungle. They were not only cold, stone
broke, mind you, tut hyenas into the bar
gain—the father and tha mother and tha
girl. top.
"They'd got their m!nu° made up to
marry the girl to a good wad of money—
and they'll do It, too, sooner or later, be
cause she's a corker for looks, all right—
and they'd all made a dead set for Hank;
bo, quick as I saw how It was, I says,
'Here.' I says, 'is where I save my son
and heir irom a passel of butchers,' I
pays, 'before they have him scalded and
dressed and hung up outside the shop
for the holiday trade.' I says, 'with the
red paper rosettes stuck In Henry's chest,'
I says."
"Are the New York girls so designing?"
asked Perclval.
"Is Higbee's ham rood to eat?" replied
Hlgbee, oracularly.
"So," he continued "when I mada up
my mind to put my foot down I just cas
ually mentioned to the old lady— say, she's
got an eve that would make liquid air
shiver— that cold blue like an army over
coat—well. I mentioned to her that Henry
was a spendthrift and that he wasn't
ever going to get another cent from ma
that be didn't earn Just the same as if
he wasn't any relation of mine. I made
It plain, you bet; she found Just where
little Henry-boy stood with his kind
hearted, liberal old father.
"Say, maybe Henry wasn't In cold stor
age'with the whole family from that mo
ment. I see those fellows in the labora
tories are puttering around Just now try-
Ing to get the absolute zero. of tempera
ture—say, Henry got it, and he don't
know a thing aDout chemistry.
"Then I jounced Hank. I proceeded
to let him know he was up against
it— right close up against It, so you
against it, so you couldn't see daylight
between 'em. 'You're twenty-flve." I says,
•and you play the best game of pool, I'm
told, of any of the chappies In that
Father-Made-the-Money club you got in
to,' I says; 'but I've looked it up,' I says,
'and there ain't really what you could
call any great future for a pool cham
pion,' I says, 'and If you're ever going to
learn anything else, it's time you was at
It,' I says. 'Now you go back home and
tell the manager to. set you to work,' I
says, 'and your wages won't be big
enough to make you interesting to any
skirt-dancer, either,' I says. And you
make a study of the hog from the ground
up. Exhaust his possibilities just like
father done, and make a man of your
self, and then some time." I says, 'you'll
be able to give good medicine to a cub
of your own when he needs it.' "
"And how did poor Henry take all
that?"
"Well, Hank squealed at first like he
was getting the knife; but finally when
he see he was against It, and especially
when he see how. this girl and her family
throwed him down the elevator-shaft
from the tenth story, why, , he come
around beautifully. He's really got sense,
though he; dosen't look It— Henry has—
though'Lord knows I didn't pull him up a
bit too quick. But • he come out arid
went to work like I told^him. He ain't
so fat-headed as he was, already. Henry'H
be a man before his dad's through with
him."
"But weren't the young people disap
pointed?" asked Perclval; "weren't they
In love with each other?"
"In love?" In an effort to express scorn
adequately Mr. Hlgbee came perilously
near to snorting. "What do you suppose
* a girl like that cares for love? She was
dead In love with the nice- long yellow
backs that I've piled up because the pub
lic knows good ham when they taste It.
As for being In love with Henry or with
any man — say, young fellow, you've got
something to learn about those New York
girls. And this one, especially. Why, it's
been known for the three years we've
been there that she's simply hunting
night and day for a rich husband. She
tries for 'em all as fast as they get In
line." . ¦
"Henry . was unlucky In finding that
kind. They're npt ; all like that— those
New York girls are not." and he had the
air of being able if he chose to name one
or two luminous exceptions. .
"Silas." called Mrs. Higbee, "are^ you
telling Mr. Bines about our Henry and
that Milbrey girl?"
"Yep,", answered Higbee, "I told him."
"About what girl?— what was her
name?" asked Percival, in a lower tone.
"Milbrey's that family's name— Horace
Milbrey—"
"Why," Percival interrupted, somewhat
awkwardly. "I know the family — the
young lady— we met the family . out in
Montana a few weeks ago."
"Sure enough— they were In Chicago and
had dinner with us on their way out."
"I remember Mr. Milbrey spoke of .what
fine claret you gave him." ¦ >
"Yes, and I wasn't stingy with ice,
either, the way those New York people
always are. Why, at that fellow's house
he elves you that claret wine as warm
as soup.
"But as for that girl." , he added, "say,
she'd marry me in a minute if I wasn't
tied up with the little lady over there.
Of course she'd rather marry a sub-treas
ury; she's got about that much heart in
her— cold-blooded as a German carp. She'd
marry me— she'd ' marry you, If you was
the best thine in sight. But say. if you
was broke, she'd have about as much use
for you as Chicago's got for St. Louis."
CHAPTER XV.
SOME LIGHT WITH A FEW SIDE
LIGHTS.
The real spring In New York comes
when blundering nature has painted the
outer wilderness for autumn. What is
called "spring" In the city by unreflect
ing users of the word is a tame, Insipid
season yawning into not more than half
wakefulness at best. The trees in the
gas-poisoned soil are slow in their green
ing, the grass has but a pallid city vital
ity and the rows of gaudy tulips set out
primly about the fountains in the squares
are palpably forced and alien.
For the sumptuous blending and flaunt
of color the spontaneous awakening of
warm, throbbing new life, and all those
Inspiring miracles «of regeneration which
are performed elsewhere In April and
May. the city pent must wait until mid-
October.
This Is the spring of tha city's year.
There be those to hint captiously that
they find It an affair of false seeming;
that the gorgeous coloring Is a mere trick
of shop-window cunning: that the time Is
juiceless and devoid of all but the spe
cious delights of surface. Yet these, per
haps, are unduly imaginative for a world
where any satisfaction Is held by a ten
ure precarious at best
And even these carpers, be they never
so analytical,. can at least find no lack of
springtime fervor in the eager throngs
that pass entranced before the window
show. They, the free-swinging, quick
moving men and women— the best dress
ed of all throngs In this young' world—
eun-browned, sun-enllyened, recreated to
a fine mettle for enjoyment by their
months of mountain or ocean sport— these
are, Indeed, the ones for whom this after
eprlng is made to bloom. And, since they
find it to be a shifting miracle of perfec
tions, how are they to be quarreled with?
In the big polished windows waxen
effigies of fine ladies, gracefully patient,
display the latest dinner-gown from Paris
or the creamiest of beribboned tea-gowns.
Or they pose in attitudes of polite adleux
and greeting, all but smothered in a
king's ransom of sable and ermine. Or,
to the other extreme, they complacently
permit themselves to be observed in tha
intimate revelations of Parisian lingerie,
with Its misty froth of embroideries, its
fine-spun webs of foamy lace.
In another window, behold a sprightly
and enlivened ballet of shapely silken
hosiery, fitting its sculptured models to
perfection, ranging In tints from the first
tender green of spring foliage to the
rose-pink of the spring sun's after-glow.
A few steps beyond we may study a
window where the waxen ladies have
been dismembered. Yet a second glance
shows the retained portions to be all that
woman herself considers Important when
she tries on the bird-toque of the picture
hat, or the gauze confection for after
noons. The satisfied smiles . of these
waxen counterfeits show them to hava
been amply recompensed, with the head
gear, for their, physical incompleteness.
But If these terraces of color and grace,
that Una the' sides of this narrow spring
valley, be said to contain only the dry
husks of adornment, surely there may be
found others more technically spring
like. '
Here in this broad window, foregather
ed In a congress of colors designed to
appetlze, are, the. ripe fruits of every
clime and every - season: .the Southern
pomegranate beside the hardy Northern
apple, scarlet and yellow; the early
strawberry and the late ruddy peach;
flgs from the -Orient and pines from the
Antilles; dates from Tunis and tawny
persimmons from Japan; misty sea-green
grapes and those from ¦ the hothouse
tasteless, it Is true, but so lordly In their
girth, and royal purple; portly golden
oranges and fat plums; pears of mellow
blondness and pink-skinned apricots. Here
at least Is the veritable stuff and essence
of spring with all its attending aromas—
of more integrity, perhaps, than the same
colorings simulated • by the confection
er's craft, in the near-by window-display
of Impossible, sweets. ¦
And still more of this belated spring
will gladden the eye In the florist's win
dow. In June the florist's shop is a poor
place, sedulously to be shunned. Nothing
of note blooms there then. The florist him
self is patently ashamed of himself. Tha
burden of sustaining his traditions he
puts upon a few dejected shrubs called
"hardy perennials" that have to labor the
year around. All summer it Is as if the
place feared to compete with nature when
color and grace flower so cheaply on
every southern hillside. But now Its
glories bloom anew, and its superiority
over nature becomes again manifest. Now
It . assembles the blossoms of a whole
long. year to bewilder and allure. Its
windows are shaded glens, vine-embower
ed,' where spring, summer and autumn
blend In all their regal and diverse abun
dance; and the closing, door of the shop
fans out odors as from a thousand Per
sian gardens.
But spring Is not all of life, nor what at
once chiefly concerns us. There are peo
ple to be noted; a little series of mora
or less related phenomena to be observed.
One of tha people, a young man, stands
conveniently before this tame florist's
window, at that hour. when tha sun brief
ly flushes this narrow canyon of Broad
way from wall to Wall.
Ha had loitered along the lively high
way an hour or more, his nerves tingling
responslvely to all Its stimuli. And now
he mused as . he stared at the tangled
tracery of -ferns against the high bank
i of wine-red, autumn foliage, . the royal
i cluster of white chrysanthemums and tha
big Jar of American Beauties. .. :
. He had looked forward to this moment,
¦ too— when he should enter that same door
. and , order at least an armful of those
same haughty roses sent to an address
his memory cherished. Yet now, the time
having come, the zest for the feat was
gone.. It -would be done; It were ungrace
ful not to] do lt, J after certain expressions;
but It would*. be done with no heart be
cause of ¦.the; certain knowledge that no
one— at Ieaat.no one to be desired— could
possibly care for him, or consider him
even with; interest for anything but- his
money— the same kind of money Higbee
made. ' by perveylng hams— "and she
wouldn't care In the least whether it was.
mine or- Higbee's, so there was a lot of
it," \ ,: . • ,.-_ ; •-
Yet he stepped in and ordered the roses,
nor did the florist once suspect that so
lavish a buyer of flowers could be a prey
to emotions of corroding cynicism toward
the person, for. whom they were meant.
From the , florist's he returned directly
to the hotel to find his mother and Psyche
making homelike the suite to which they
had been assigned. A maid was unpack
ing trunks. under* his sister's supervision.
Mrs. Bines was, tn< converse with a person
of authorttatlve^mariner regarding tha
Bervlce to be supplied them. ..Two maids
would be required, and madame would
' or course wish a .butler-— "^ -t i *¦*:¦
'Mrsi'BInes looked .helplessly at her son
who had Just entered; . ; .
"I think— we've— we've always-, did our
own buttling," she faltered. ' " r - ••• -'si
The person was politely Interested.
"I'll attend to these things, ma," : said
Perclval, rather suddenly. •
"Y«s, w«'ii want a butler and. tha two
maids, and see that the butler knows his
business, please, and— here— take this, and
see that we're properly looked after, will
you?"
As tha bill bora a large "C on its face,
and the person was ratner a gentleman
anyway this. unfortunate essay at Irreg
ular conjugation never fell into a certain
class of anecdotes which Mrs. Bines' best
friends could now and then bring them
selves to relate of her.
But other matters . are forward. We
may next overtake two people who loiter
on this bracing October day down a leaf
strewn aisle In Central Park.
"You," -said the girl of the pair, "least
of all men can accuse me of lacking
heart."
"You are cold to me now."
"But look, tuink— what did I offer—
you've had my trust — everything I could
bring myself to give you. Look what I
would have sacrificed at your call. Think
how I waited and longed for that call."
"You know how helpless I was." ,
"Yes, If you wanted more than my bare
self. I should have <»en helpless too, if
I had wanted more than— than you."
"It would- have been folly— madness—
that way."
"Folly— madness? Do you remember
the 'Sonnet of Revolt* you sent me? Sit
on this bench: T wish to say it over to
you, very slowly; I want you to hear It
while you keep your later attitude in
mind.
Life_ w h«t Is life? To do without avail*
The decent ordered tasks of every day:
Talk with the sober; Join the solemn play:
Tell for tie hundredth time tha self -same
tale
Told by our rrandslrea In the self-same vale
Where the sun sets with even, level ray.
And nights, eternally the same, make way
For huelesa dawns, t Intolerably pale—
"But I know the verse."
"No; hear lt*out— hear what you- sent
me: ¦•>
"And this Is life? Nay. I would rather «e«
The man who sells his soul in some wild
cause: ...
The fool who spurns, for momentary bliss.
All that he was and all he thought to be:
The rebel utark against his country's laws:
God's own mad lover, dying on a kiss."
She had completed -the verse with the
hint of a cneer in her, tones. ,
"Yes, truly, I remember It; but some
day -ou'll thank me for saving you; of
course it . would ' have been regular In - a
way, but people here never really forget
those things— and we'd have . been help
less—some day you'll thank me for think
ing for you."
"Why do' vou believe l'«* not thanking
you already?"
"Hang It all! that's what you mada me
think yesterday wnen I met you."
"And so you called me heartless? Now
tell me just what you expect a woman in
my position to do. I offered to go to you
when you were ready. Surely that showed
my. spirit— arid you haven't known me
these years without knowing It would
have to be that or nothing." .
"Well, hang It. It wasn't 'like, the last
time, and - you , know it; you're not kind
any longer. You can be kind, can't you?"
Her Up showed faintly the curl of scorni -
"No,- 1 can't be klnd'any. longer; : Oh, I
see you've known your own mind so little; -
there's- been no depth to it at all; you
couldn't dare. If was foolish to think I
could show you my mind."
"But you still care for me?"
"No; no, I don't. You should have no
reason to think so if I did. When I heard
you'd made it up I hated you. and I think
I hate you now. Let us go back. No, no,
please don't touch me— ever again."
Farther downtown In the cozy drawing
room of a house In a side street east of the
avenue two other persons were talking.
A florid and profusely freckled young
Englishman spoke protestingly from the
hearth rug to a woman who had the air
of knowing emphatically better.
"But, my dear Mrs. Drelmer. you know,
really, I can't take a curate with me, you
f know, and send up word won't she be
good enough to come downstairs and mar
ry me directly— not when /I've .not seen
her, you know!"
"Nonsense!" replied the lady, unim
pressed. "You can do it nearly that way
if you'll listen to me. Those Westerners
perform quite in that manner, I assure
you. They call it 'hustling.' "
"Dear me!"
"Yes, Indeed, 'dear you.' And another
thing, I want you to forestall that Mil
brey youth, and you may be sure he's no
farther away that Tuxedo .or Meadow
brook. Now, they arrived yesterday;
they'll be unpacking to-day and settling
to- morrow; I'll call the day after, and
you shall, be with me."
"And you forget that— that devil—sup
pose Bhe'a as good as her threat?"
"Absurd! how coulS she be?"
"You don't know her, you know, nor
the old beggar, either, by Jovs!"
"All -the more reason for haste. We'll
call to-morrow. Wait. Better still, per
haps I can enlist the Gwllt-Athelston; I'm
to meet her to-morrow. I'll let you know.
Now I must get Into my tea harness, so
run along."
We are next constrained to glance at a
strong man bowed in the hurt of a great
grief. Horace Milbrey sits alone In his
gloomy, hlgh-celllnged library. His attire
is immaculate. His slender, delicate hands
are beautifully white. The sensitive lines
of his fine face tell of the strain under
which he labors. What dire tragedies are
those we must face wholly alone— where
we must hide the wound, perforce, be
cause no comprehending sympathy flows
out to us; because instinct warns
that no help may come save from the
soul's own well of divine fortitude. Some
hope, tenderly, almost fearfully held and
guarded, had perished on the 'day that
should have seen Its triumphant fruition.
He raised his handsome head from the
antique, claw-footed desk, sat up in his
chair, and stared tensely before him. His
emotion was not to be suppressed. Do
tears tremble in the eyes of the strong
man? Let us not Inquire too curiously.
If they tremble down the flne-sklnned
cheek, let us avert our gaze. For grief
In men Is no thing" to make a show of.
A servant passed the open door bearing
an immense pasteboard box with one end
cut out 'to accommodate the long stems
of many roses.
"Yes, sir!"
"What ia It?"
"Flowers, sir. for Miss Avice."
"Let. -me see— and the card?"
'He took the card from the florist's en
velope.and glanced at the name.
'"lake them away." .
The .stricken' man was once more alone;
yet now It was as if. the tender beauty of
the '.flowers, had balmed his hurt— taught
him, to hope anew. Let us In all sympathy
and hope retire.
For cheerf uller. sights we might observe
Launton Oldaker In a musty curio-shop,
delighted over a pair of silver candle
sticks with square bases and fluted col
umns, fabricated in the reign of that for
tuitous'monarch,. Charles the Second: or
we. might glance upon the Hlgbees in
their section of a French chateau, repro
duced up on the stately Riverside Drive,
where they complete the details of a din
ner to be given on the morrow.
Or perhaps It were better to be con
cerned with a matter more weighty than
dinners and antique candlesticks. The
search need never be vain, even in this
world of persistent frivolity. As, for ex
ample:
"Tell Mrs. Van Gelst If she can't coma
down, I'll run up to her."
"Yes, Miss Milbrey.'*
Mrs. Van Geist entered a moment later.
"Why, Avice, child, you're glowing,
aren't you?"
"I must be, I suppose— I've Just walked
down from Fifty-ninth street, and before
that I walked In the Park. Feel how cold
my cheeks are— Mutterchen."
"It's good for you. Now we shall have
some tea. and talk."
"Yes— I'm hungry for both, and some of
those funny little. cakes."
"Come back where the fire Is. dear; the
tea has just been brought. There, take
the bis: chair."
"It always feels like you— Ilka your
arms, Mutterchen— and I am tired."
"And throw off that coat There's the
lemon, if you're afraid of cream."
"I wish I weren't afraid of anything
but cream."
"You told me you weren't afraid of that
—that cad— anv more."
"I'm not— I just told him so. But I'm
afraid of It all: I'm tired trying not to
drift— tired trying not to try, and tired
trying to try— Oh, dear— sounds like a
nonsense verse, doesn't it?* Have you
any one to-night? I think I must
stay with you till morning. Send some
one home to say I'll be here. I can al
ways think so much better here— and you,
dear old thing, to mother me!"
"Do, child; I'll send Sandon directly."
"He will go to the house of mourning."
"What's the latest?"
"Papa was on the verge of collapse this
morning, and yet he was striving so
bravely and nobly to bear up. No one
knows what that man suffers; it makes
him gloomy all the time about every
thing. Just before I left he was saying
that, when one considers the number of
American homes In which *a green salad is
never served, one must be appalled. Are
you appalled, auntie? But that isn't It."
"Nothing has happened?"
"Well, there'll be no sensation about it
In the papers to-morrow, but a very
dreadful thing has happened. Papa has
suffered one of the crudest blows of his
life. I fancy he didn't sleep at all. last
night, and he looked thoroughly bowled
over this morning."
"But what Is it?"
"Well— oh. it's awful!— first of all there
were six dozen of .early-bottled, 1S75 Cha
teau Lafltte— that was the bitterest— but
he had to see the rest go. too— Chateau
Margeaux of 'SO— some terribly ancient
port and Madeira— the dryest kind . of
sherry— a lot of fine, full clarets of "77 and
'78— oh, you can't know how agonizing it
was to him— I've heard . them so often I
know them all myself."
"But what on earth about them?"
"Nothing, only the Cosmopolitan Club's
wine cellar— auctioned off, you know. For
over a year papa has looked forward to It.
He knew every bottle of wine in it. He
could recite the list without looking at it.
Sometimes he sounded like a French les
son—and he's been under a fearful strain
ever since the announcement was made.
Well, the great day came yesterday, and
poor pater simply couldn't bid In a single
drop. It needed ready money, you know.
And he had hoped so cheerfully all tho
time to do something:. It broke his heart,
I'm sure, to see that Chateau Lafltte go—
and only Imagine, It was bid In by the
butler of that odious Hlgbee. You should
have heard papa rail about the vulgar
nouveaux riches when he came home— ho
talked quite like an anarchist. But by to
night he'll be blaming: me for his misfor
tunes. That's why I chose to stay here
with you." •
"Poor Horace. Whatever are you ga
ins to do?"
"Weil, dearie, as for me. It doesn't look
as if I could anything but one thing. And
here is my ardent young Croesus coming
out of the West."
"You called him your 'athletic Bayard'
once."
"The other's more to the point at pres
ent. And what else can I do? Oh. If some
one wou!d just be brave enough to live
the raw, quivering life with me, I could
do it, I give you my word. I could let
everything go by the board— but I am so
alone and so helpless, and no man Is equal
to It nowadays. All of us here seem to be
content to order a 'half portion' of life."
"Child, those dreams are beautiful, but
they're like those flying machines that
are constantly being tested by the credu
lous inventors. A wheel or a pinion goes
wrong and down the silly things coma
tumbling."
"Very well; then I shall be wise— I sup
pose I shall be— and I'll do It quickly.
This fortune of good gold shall propose
marriage to me at once, and be accepted—
so that I shall be able to look my dear
old father In the face again— and then,
after I'm married— well, don't blame ma
for anything that happens."
"I'm sure you'll be happy with him—
It's only your silly notions. He's la love
with you."
"That makes me hesitate. He really Is
a man— I like him— see this letter— a long
review from the Arcady Byre of the
'poem* he wrote, a poem consisting of
'Avice Mllbrey.' The reviewer has been
quite enthusiastic over It, too— written
from some awful place In Montana."
"What more could you ask? He'll be.
kind."
"You don't understand. Mutterchen. He
seems too decent to marry that way— and
yet It's the only way I could marry him.
And after he found me out— oh. think of
what marriage Is— he'd have to find It out
—I couldn't act long-doubtless ha
wouldn't even be kind to me then."
"You are morbid, child."
"But I will do it; I shall; I will b« a
credit to my training— and I shall learn to
hate him and he will have to learn— well,
a great deal tlut he doesn't know about
women."
She stared Into the fire and added, after
a moment's silence:
"Oh, If a man only could live up to the
verses he cuts out of magazines!"
CHAPTER XVL
WITH THE BARBARIC HOSTS.
History repeats Itself so cleverly, with
ft variance of stage-settings and acces
sories so cunning, that the repetition sel
dom bores, and Is, Indeed, frequently un
detected. Thus, the descent of the Barb
arians upon a decadent people Is a little
tour de force that has been performed
again and again since the oldest day.
But because the assault nowadays Is
made not with force of arms we are
prone to believe it is no longer made at
all— as if human ways had changed a
bit since those ugly, hairy tribes from
the Northern forests descended upon the
Roman empire. And yet the mere dif
ference that the assault is now mada
with force of money In no way alters
the process nor does It permit the result
to vary. On the surface all Is cordiality
and peaceful negotiation. Beneath is the
same immemorial strife, the llfe-and
death struggle— pitiless, inexorable.
What would have been a hostile biv
ouac within the city's gates, but for tha
matter of a few centuries, is now, to se
lect an example which remotely concerns
us. a noble structure on Riverside Drive,
facing the lordly Hudson and the ma
jestic Palisades that form Its farther
wall. And. for the horde of Goths and
Visigoths. Huns and Vandals, drunkenly
reeling in the fitful light of camp-fires,
chanting weird battle-runes, fighting for
captive vestals, and bickering in uncouth
tongues over the golden spoils, what hava
we now to make the parallel convince?
Why, the same Barbarians, actually; tha
same hairy rudeness, the same unrefined,
all-conquering, animal force; a red-faced,
big-handed lot. Imbued with hearty good
nature and an easy tolerance for tha
ways of those upon whom they hava de
scended.
Here are chiefs of renown from tha far
thest fastnesses; they and their curious
households; the Ironmonger from Pitts
burg, the gold-miner from Dawson. tha
copper chief from Butte. the silver chief
from Denver, the cattle chief from Okla
homa, lord of three hundred thousand
good acres and thirty thousand cattle,
the lumber prince from ¦ Michigan, the
founder of a later dynasty In oil. from
Texas. And, for the unaesthetlo but
effective Attila, an able fashioner of pork
products from Chicago.
Here they make festival, carelessly,
unafraid, unmolested. For, In the lapsa
of time, the older peoples hava learned
not only the folly of resisting inevitables,
but that the huge and hairy Invaders
may be treated and bartered with not
unprofltably. Doubtless it often results
from this amity that the patrician strain
Is corrupted by the alien admixture—
but business has been business since aa
many as two persons met on the face of
the new earth.
For example, this particular shelter la
builded uoon land which one of tha pa
trician families had held for a century
solely because It could not be disposed of.
Yet the tribesmen came, clamoring for
palaces, and now this same land, with
some adjoining areas of trifling extent,
produces an Income that will suffice to
maintain that family almost In Its ancfent
and befitting estate.
In this mammoth pile, for tha .petty
rental of ten or fifteen thousand dollars a
year, many tribes of the Invaders hava
found shelter and entertainment In apart
ments of many rooms. Outwardly, In de
tails of ornamentation, the building is
said to duplicate tha Chateaux Blots,
those splendid palaces of Francis I. In
side are all the line and color and device
of elegant opulence, modern to the last
note.
To this palace of an October evening
comes the tribe of Bines, and many an
other such, for a triumphal feast in tha
abode of Barbarian Silas Hlgbee. Tha
carriages pass through a pair of lordly
Iron gates, swung from massive stone pil
lars, under an arch of wrought Iron with
its antique lamp, and into the echoing
courtyard flanked by trim hedges of box.
Alighting, the barbaric guests of Hlg
bee are ushered through a marble-walled
vestibule, from which a wrought iron and
bronze screen gives way to the main en
trance hall. The celling here reproducesTHE /SUNDAY CALL.
4
"CConcIud>ed Next Sunday.)
that of a feudal castle in Rouen, with
tome trifling and effectU-e touches of dec
oration in blue, scarlet and gold. The
walls are of white Caen stone, with or
nate windows and balconies jutting out
altove. In one corner Is a stately etone
mantel with richly carved hood, bearing
In its central ranel the escutcheon of the
gallant French monarch. Up a little
flight of marble steps, guarded by Its
hand rail of heavy metal, shod with crim
*on velvet, one reaches the elevator. This
pretty enclosure of iron and glass, of
classic detail in the period of Henry II. of
Circassian walnut trim. w!th crotch pan
els, has more the aspect of boudoir than
elevator. The deep seat is of walnut, up
holstered with fat cushions of crimson
velvet edged in dull gold galloon. Over
the seat is a mirror cut into small squares
by wooden muntins. At each side are
electric candles softened by red silk
Ehades. One's last view before the door
closes noiselessly is of a bay window op
posite, set with cathedral glass casement
lights, which sheds soft colors upon the
hall bench of carven stone and upon che
tessellated floor.
The door to the Higbee domain is of
polished mahogany, set between lights of
antique verte Italian glass, and bearing
¦ n ancient brass knocker. From the re
ception room, with Ub walls of green em
pire silk, one passes through a foyer
hall, of Cordova leather hangings, to
the drawing-room with Us three broad
windows. Opposite the entrance to
this superb room is a mantel of
carved Caen stone, faced with golden
Tavanazza marble, with old Roman and
irons of gold ending in the fleur-de-lis.
The walls are hung-*Vith blue Floren
tine siik. embossed In sliver. Beyond a
bronze grill Is the music-room, a library
done In Austrian oak with stained burlap
paneled by dull-forged nails, a conserva
tory, a billiard-room, a smoking-room.
This latter has walls of red damask and
a mantel with "Post Tenebras Lux" cut
into one of it* marble panels— a legend
at which the worthy lessee o. all this
splendor is wont often to glance with re
spectful interest.
The admirable host— if one be broad
minded—is now In the drawing-room, sec
onding his worthy wife and pretty daugh
ter who welcome the dinner guests.
For a man who has a fad for ham and
doesn't care who knows It, his bearing Is
all wp have a right to expect that It
should be. Among the group or arrivals,
men of his own sort, he is speaking of
the ever-smfting fashion in beards, to the
evangel of a Texas oil neld who flaunts
to the. world one of those heavy mus
taches spuriously extended below the cor
ners of the mouth by means of the chin
growth of hair. Another, a worthy tribes
man from Snobomish, Washington, wears
a beard which, for a score of years has
been let to be its own tfue self: to ex
press, fearlessly. Its own unique capacity
for variation from type. These two have
rallied their host upon his modlshly
trimmed sidewhlskers.
"You're right." says Mr. Higbee. amia
bly. "T ain't stuck any myself on this way
of trlmmine up a nan's face, but the
madam will have it this way— says it
locks more refined and New Yorky. And
now, do you know, ever since I've wore
'em this way— ever since I had 'em
scraped from around under my neck here
—I have to go t« Florida every winter.
Tome January or February, I get bron
chitis ev*rjr blamed year!"
Two of the guests only are alien to the
barbaric throne-
There Is the noble Baron Ronault de
Palliac. decorated, reserved, observant—
almost trfstfcl. For the moment he Is
picturing dutifully the luxuries a certain
marriage would enable him to procure for
his noble father and bis aged mother, who
eaperly await lae news of his nuect for
the golden fleece. For the Baron contem
plate?, after the fashion of many con
scientious explorers, a marriage with a
native woman; though he permits himself
to rheriFh the hope that It may not be
•conditioned upon his adopting the man
ners and customs of the particular tribe
that he means to honor. Monsieur the
Baron has long since been .obliged to con
fess that a Pitiable mesalliance is none
too easy of achievement, and. in testi
mony of his vicissitudes, he has written
for a Paris comic paper a series of grimly
satiric essays upon New *ork society.
Recently, moreover, he has been upon the
v*>rge of accenting employment in the
randy factory of a 1 .urgeols compatriot.
But hope has a little revived In the noble
hr^ast since chance brought him and his
title under the scrutiny of the bewitching
Miss Mlllicent Higbee and her apprecia
tive mother.
"How qucerly you talk. Where Is Ipew
York, then?"
Oldaker. sighed thoughtfully between
two spoonfuls of tortue verte. claire.
"Well. I suppose the truth is that there
isn't much of New York left in New
York. As a matter of fact I think it died
with the old Volunteer Fire Department.
Anyway the surviving remnant is coy.
Real old New Yorkers like myself -nether
poo- nor rich— are swamped in these days
like those prehistoric animals whose
bones we find. There comes a time when
we can't live, and deposits form over
us and we're lost even to memory."
But this talk was even harder for Miss
Bines to understand than the English
speech of the Baron Ronault de Palliac,
and she turned to that noble gentleman
as the turbot with sauce Corall was
served.
The dining-room, its wall walnscotted
from floor to ceiling In Spanish oak, was
flooded with soft light from the red silk
dome that depended from its crown of
gold above the table. The laughter and
talk were as little subdued as the scheme
cf the rooms. It was an atmosphere ot'
prodigal and confident opulence. From
the music-room near by came the soft
strains of a Haydn quartet, exquisitely
performed by finished and expensive
artists.
"Say, Higbee!" it was the oil chief from
Texas, "see if them fiddlers of yours can't
play 'Ma Honolulu Lulu!'"
Oldaker, wincing and turning to Miss
Binc3 for sympathy? heard her say:
"Yes. do, Mr. Higbee! I do love those
ragtime songs— and, then have them play
'Tell Me. Pretty Maiden.' and "the 'Inter
mezzo.* "
He groaned in anguish. ;
The talk ran mostly on practical affairs;
the current value of the great staple com
modities: why the corn crop had been
light: what wheat promised to bring:
how young Burman of \the Chicago Board
of Trade bad been pinched in his own
wheat corner for four millions— "put up"
by his admiring father; what beef on the
hoof commanded; how the Federal Oil
Company would presently own the State
of Texas.
Almost everj' Barbarian aKthe table
had made his own fortune. Hardly one
but could recall early days when he toiled
on farm or In shop or forest, herded cat
tle, prospected, sought adventure In re
mote and hazardous wilds.
" 'Tain't much like them old days, eh
Higbee?" queried the Crown Prince of
Cripple Creek — "when you and me had to
walk from Chicago to Green Bay. Wiscon
sin, because we didn't have enough shil
lings for stage fare?" He gazed about
him suggestively.
"Cornbeef and cabbage was pretty good
then, eh?" and with sure, vigorous
strokes he fell to demolishing his filet de
dinde a' la Perlgueux, while a butler re
filled his glass with Chateau Malescot,
1STS.
"Well, it does beat the two rooms the
madam and me started to keep house in
when we was married." admitted the
host. "That was on the banks of the
Chicago River, and now we got the Hud
son flowln' right through the front yard,
you might say, right past our own yacht
landing."
From old days of work and hardship
they came to discuss the present and
their immediate surroundings, social and
financial.
lly portraits tone agreeably Into the half
light of the wklls; the huge old-fashioned
walnut sideboard, soberly ornate with
its mirrors, its white marble top and its
wood-carved fruit, tower* majestically
aloft in proud scorn of the frivolous
Chippendale fad.
Jarvis, the accomplished and incompar
able butler, would be subdued and schol
arly looking but for the flagrant scandal
of his port-wine nose. He gives finishing
little fillips to the white chrysanthemums
massed in the central epergne on
the long silver plateau, and bestows
a last cautious survey upon the
cut-glass and silver radiating over
the dull white damask. Finding
the table and Its appointments
faultless, he assures himself once more *
that the sherry will come on Irreproach
ably at a temperature of 60 degrees; that
the Burgundy will not fall below 65 nor
mount above 70; for Jarvis wots of a pal
ate so acutely sensitive that It never falls
to record a variation of so much as one
degree from the approved standard of
temperature.
How restful this quiet and reserve after
the color and line tumult of the Higbee
apartment. There the flush and bloom of
newness were oppressive to the right
minded. AH smelt of the shop. Here the
dull tones and decorous lines caress and
soothe Instead of overwhelming the Im
agination with effects too grossly literal.
Here Is the veritable spirit of good form.
Throughout the house this contrast
might be noted. It is the brown-stone,
high-stoop house, guarded by a cast-iron
fence, built in vast numbers when the
world of fashion moved north to Murray
Hill and Fifth avenue, a generation ago.
One of these houses was like all the
others inside and out, built of unimagina
tive "builder's architecture." The hall,
the long parlor, the back parlor or li
brary, the high stuccoed ceilings— not only
were these alike in all the houses, but the
furnishings, too, were apt to be of a
sameness in them all, rather heavy and
tasteless, but serving the ends that such
things should be meant to serve, and
never flamboyant. Of these relics of a
simpler day not many survive to us, save
in the shameful degeneracy" of boarding
houses. But in such as are left, we may
confidently expect to llnd the traditions of
that more dignified time kept unsullied—
to find, indeed, as we find in the house of
Milbrey, a settled air of gloom that sug
gests insolvent but stubbornly determined
exclusiveness.
Something of this air, too, may be
noticed in the surviving tenants of these
austere relics. Yet it would hardly be
observed in this house on this night, for
not only do arriving guests bring the aro
ma of a later prosperity, but the hearts
of our host and hostess beat high with a
new hope. For the fair and sometimes
uncertain daughter of the house of Mil
brey, after many ominous mutterings. de
lays, and frank rebellions, has declared
at last her readiness to be a credit to her
training by conferring her family pres
tige, distinction of manner and charms of
person upon one equipped for their suita
ble maintenance.
Already her Imaginative father is rav
ishing in fancy the moldiest wine-cellars
of Continental Europe. Already the fond
mother has idealized a house in "Million
aire's Row." east of the park, where
there v.ill be twenty servants Instead of
three, and there shall cease that gnawing
worry lest the treacherous north-setting
current sweep them west of the park Into
one of those hideously new apartment
houses, where the halls are done in mar
ble that seems to have been sliced from
a huge Roquefort cheese, and where one
must vie, perhaps, with a shopkeeper for
the favors of an irreverent and material
istic janitor.
The young woman herself entertains
privately a state of mind .which k
she has no intention of making public. It
is enough, she reasons, that her action
should outwardly accord with the best
traditions of her class; and. indeed, her
family would never dream of demanding
more.
If we be forced' to wait for another
guest of note, it is hardly more than her
due; for Mrs. Gwilt-Athelstan Is truly a
personage, and the best people on more
than one continent do not become unduly
provoked at being made to wait for her.
Those less than the very best frankly
¦ esteem it a privilege. Yet the great lady
is .not careless of engagements, and the
f wait Is never prolonged. Mrs. Milbrey
has time to say to her sister, "Yes,* we
think it's going; and really, it will do
very well, you know. The girl has had
some nonsense In her mind' for a year
past — none of us can tell what — but now
she seems actually sensible, and she's
promised to accept when the chap pro
poses." But there's time for no more
- gossip. vVl % " '
The belated guest arrives, enveloped in
a vast cloak, and accompanied by her
two nephews, whom Percival Bines rec
ognizes for the solemn and taciturn young
men he had met in Shepler's party at the
mine.
Mrs. Gwilt-Athelstan. albeit a decora
tive personality, is constructed on the
same broad and generously graceful lines
as her own victoria. The great lady has
not only two chins, but what any fair
minded observer would accept as suffi
cient promise of a good third. Yet hardly
could a slighter person display to advan
tage the famous Gwllt-Athelatan Jewels.
The rope of pierced diamonds with
pigeon-blood rubles strung between them,
which she wears wound ' over her cor
sage, would assuredly overweight the
frail Fidelia Oldaker; the tiara of emer
alds and diamonds was never meant for
a brow less majestic; nor would the
stomacher of lustrous gray pearls and
glinting diamonds ever have clasped be
comingly a figure that was svelte— or
"skinny," as the great lady herself is
frank enough to term all persons even re
motely inclined to be svelte.
But let us sit and enliven a proper din
ner with talk upon topics of legitimate
Interest and genuine propriety.
Here will be no discussion of the vulgar
matter of markets, staples and prices,
such as we perforce endured through the
overwined and too-abundant repast of
Higbee. Instead of learning what
beef on the hoof brings per hun>
dred-weight, f. o. b. at Cheyenne, we
shall here glean at once the Invaluable
fact that while good society In London
used to be limited to those who had been
presented at court, the presentations nave
now become so numerous that the limita
tion has lost Us significance. Mrs. Gwilt-
Athelstan thus discloses, as if it were a
trifle, something we should never learn
at the table of Higbee though we ate his
heavy dinners to the day of ultimate
chaos. And while we learned at that dis
tressingly new table that one should keep
one' heifers and sell off one's steer calves,
we never should have been Informed there
that DInard had Just enjoyed the gayest
season of Its history under the patron
age of this enterprising American; nor
that J-adv de Muzzy had opened a tea
room in Graf ton street, and Cynthia,
Marchioness of Angleberry, a beauty im
provement parlor on the Strand "because
she needs the money."
*\L,ots of 'em takin' to trade nowadays;
it's h smart sayin' there now that all
the peers are marryin* actresses and all
the peeresses goln* into business." Mrs.
Gwilt-Athelstan nodded little shocks of
brilliance from her tiara and hungrily
speared another oyster.
"Only trouble Is. it's such rotten hard
work collectin' bills from their intimate
friends: they simply won't pay."
Nor at the barbaric Hlgbee's should we
have been vouchsafed, to treasure for our
own, the knowledge that Mrs. Gwilt-
Athelstan had merely run over for the
cup fortnight, meaning to return directly
to her daughter. Katharine, Duchess of
Blanchmere. In time for the Melton Mow
brav hunting season; nor that she had
been rather taken by the new way of
country life among us. and so tempted
to protract her gracious sojourn.
"Really." she admits, "we're comin' to
do the right thing over here; a few years
were all we needed. Hardly a town house
to be opened before Thanksglvin', I un
derstand: and down at the Hills some of
the houses will stay open all winter. It's
coachln', rldln* and golf and auto racin*
and polo and squash; really the young
folks don't go In at all except to dance
and eat: and it's quite right, you know.
It's quite decently Knglish.now. Why. at
Morris Park the other day. the crowd on
the lawn looked quite like Ascot ac
tually."
one of the class I mean. I was thinking
especially about these Westerners."
"Well, my grandfather made -the best
barrels in New York, and I'm mother-in
law of a chap whose ancestors for 350
years haven't done a stroke of work; but
he's the Duke of Blanchmere, and I hope
our friends here will come as near gettin'
the worth of their money as we did. And
If that chap"— she glanced at Percival—
"marries a certain young woman, he'll
never have a dull moment I'd vouch for
that. I'm quite sure she's the devil in
her."
"And If the yellow-haired girl marries
the fellow next her—"
"He might do worse."
"Yes, but might she? He's already do
ing worse, and he'll keep on doing it, even
If Jie does marry her."
' "Nonsense— about that, you know; all
rot! What can you. expect of the.se
chaps? So does the Duke do worse, but
you'll never' hear Kitty complain so long
as he lets her alone and she can wear the
strawberry leaves. I fancy I'll have those
young ones down to the Hills for Hal
lowe'en and the week-end. Might as well
help 'em along."
At the other end of the table, the fine
old ivory of her cheeks gently suffused
with pink until they looked like slightly
crumpled leaves of a la France rose. Mrs.
Oldaker was flirting brazenly with Shep
ler, and prattling impartially to him and
to one of the twin nephews of old days in
social New York; of a time when the
world of fashion occupied a little space
at the Battery and along Broadway; of
its migration to the far north of Great
Jones street, St. Mark's place and Sec
ond avenue. In Waverly place had been
the flowering of her bellehood. and the
day when her set moved on to Murray
Hill was to her still recent and revolu
tionary. . i
Between the solemn Angstead twins,
Mrs. Bines had sat in silence until by
some happy chance It transpired tnat
"horse" was the word to unlock her lips.
As Mrs. Bines knew all about horses the
twins at once became voluble, showing
her marked attention. The twins were
notably devoid of prejudice If your sym
pathies happened to run with theirs.
Miss Bines and young Milbrey were al
ready on excellent terms Percival and
Miss Milbrey, on the other hand, were
doing badly. Some disturbing element
seemed to have put them aloof. Miss
Milbrey wondered somewhat, but her
mind was easy, for her resolution had
been taken.
Mrs. Gwilt-Athelstan extended her In
vitation to the young people, who accept
ed Joyfully.
"Come down and camp with us, and
help Phim keep the batteries of his autos
run out. You know they deteriorate
when they're left half-charged, and it's
one of the cares of his life to see to the
whole six of 'em when they come In. He
gets in one and the men get In the others,
and he leads a solemn parade around the
stables until they've been run out. Tell
me the leisure class Isn't a hard-workin*
class, now'."
Over coffee and chartreuse in the draw
ing-room there was more general talk
ot money and marriage, and of one for
the other.
"And so he married money." concluded
Mrs. Gwilt-Athelstan of one they had
discussed.
"Happy marriage!" Shepler called out.
"No; money talks! and this time, on
my word, now, it made you want to put
on those thick sealskin ear muffs. Poor
chap, and he'd been talkin' to me about
the monotony of married life. 'Monoto
ny, my boy," I said to him. *you don't
know lovely woman!' and now he wishes
jolly well that he'd not done it, you
know."
Here. too. was earned by' Mrs.
Bines a reputation for wit that she
was never able quite to destroy.
There had been talk of a banquet to a
visiting celebrity the night before,
for which the menu was one of unusual
costliness. Mr. Milbrey had dwelt with
feeling upon certain of Its eminent ex
cellences, such as loin of young bear, a la
Granville, and the boned quail, stuffed
with goose livers. \.
"Really," he concluded, "from an artis
tic standpoint, although large dinners are
apt to be slurred and slighted. It was a
certain creation of undoubted worth."
"And the orchestra," spoke up Mrs.
Bines, who had read of the banquet,
"played 'Hail to the Chef!"
The laughter at this sally was all it
should have been, even the host joining
in it. Only two of those present knew
that the good woman' had been warned
not to call "cher* "chief," as Silaa Hig
bee did. The fact that' neither should
"chief" be called "cher* was Impressed
upon her later, in a way to rnafce her re
solve ever again to eschew both of the
troublesome words.
When the guests had gone Miss Milbrey
received the praise of both parents for
her blameless attitude toward young
Bines.
"It will be fixed, when we come back
from Wheatly," said the knowing young
woman, "and now don't worry any more
about It."
"And, Fred." said the mother, "do keep
straight down there. She's a common
place girl, with lots of mannerisms to un
learn, but she's pretty and sweet and
teachable/' \
"And shVll learn a lot from Fred that
she doesn't know now," finished . that
young man's sister from the foot of the
stairway., ¦ •
Back at their hotel Psyche Bines was
saying:
"Isn't It queer about Mrs. Gwllt-Athel-
Btan? We've read so much about her in
the papers. I thought she mU3t be some
one awful to meet— I was that scared— and
instead, she's 11km any one. and rear
chummy besides: and, actually, ma, don't
you 'think -her dress was dowdy— all ex
cept the diamonds? I suppose that comes
from living' In Engjand so much. And
hasn't Mrs. Milbrey twice as grand a
manner, and the: son— he's a precious— he
knows everything and everybody; I»shall
like him."
Her brother, who had flung himself into
a cushioned corner, spoke with the air of
one who had reluctantly consented to be
Interviewed and who was anxious to be
quoted correctly:,.
"Mrs. Gwi:t-Athe!stari is ail right. She
reminds me of what Uncle Peter writes
about that new herd of short-horns: 'This
breed has a mild disposition. Is a good
feeder and produces a flne quality of
flesh.' But I'll tell you 7 one thing, sis."
he concluded with sudden emphasis, "with
all this talk about marrying for money
I'm beginning to feel as If you and I were
a couple of white rabbits out In the open
with all the game laws off!"
CHAPTER XVIII.
Among sundry maxims and observa
tions' of King Solomon, collated by the
discerning men of Hezeklah. it will be re
called that the way of a maid is held up
to wonder. "There be." says the wise
king. who. composed a little in the crisp
manner of Mr. Klplins, /'three things
which are too wonderful for me: yea, four
which I know not: the way of an. eagle
In th« air: the way of a serpent upon a
rock; the way of a ship In the midst of
the sea, ana the way of a man with a
f maid." Why he neglected to Include the
way of a maid with a man is not at once
; apparent.' His unusual facilities for ob
• servatton must seemingly have Inspired
» him to wonder at the maid's way even
; more than at the man's; and wise men
: later than he have not hesitated to con
fess their entire lack of understanding
in the matter. But if Solomon incjuded
. this item in his summary, * the men of
Hezeklah omitted to report the fact, and
by their chronicles we learn only that
the woman "eateth and wlpeth her mouth
and salth, 'I have done no wickedness.' "
Perhaps It was Solomon's mischance to
observe phenomena of this character too
much in the mass.
Miss Milbrev's way. at any .rate, with
the man she had decided to marry, would
undoubtedly have made more work for
the unnamed Boswells of the king, could
it have been brought to his notice.
For, as she Journeyed to the meeting
place on a. bright October afternoon, she
confessed to herself that it was of a
depth beyond her own fathoming. Lull
ing easily back in the wicker chair of
the car that bore her, and gazing idly out
over the brown fields and yellow forests
of Long Island as they swirled by her,
J she found herself wishing once that her
eyes were made like those of a doll. She
had lately discovered of one that when
it appeared to fall asleep, it merely turned
its eyes around to look Into Its own head.
With any lesser opportunity for intro
spection she felt that certain doubts as
to b«r own motives and processes would
remain forever unsolved. It was not that
she conld not say "I have done no wick
edness"; let us place this heroine in no
false light. She was little concerned with
the morality of her course as others might
appraise it. The fault, if fault It be. Is
neither ours nor hers, and Mr. Darwin
wrote a big book chiefly to prove that It
isn't. From the force of her environment
and heredity Miss Milbrey had debated
almost exclusively her own chances of
happiness under given conditions; and If
she had. for. a time, questioned the wis
dom of the obvious course, entirely from
her own selfish standpoint, it Is all that,
and perhaps more than, we tfere Justified
in expecting from her. Let her. then.
cheat the reader of no sympathy that
might flow to a heroine struggling for a
high moral Ideal. Merely Is she clear
headed enough to have discovered that
selfishness Is not the thing of easy bonds
it Is reputed to be; that its delights are
not certain; that one does not unerringly
achieve happiness by the bare circum
stance of being uniformly selfish. Yet
even thi« is a discovery not often made,
nor one to be lightly esteemed: for have
not the wise ones of church and state ever
implied that the way of selfishness is a
way of sure delight, to be shunned only
because Its Joys endure not? So It may
be. after all. no small merit we claim for
this girl In that, trained to selfishness and
a certain course, she yet had the wit to
suspect that its Joys have been over-val
ued even by its professional enemies. It
is no small merit, perhaps, even though,
after due and selfish reflection, she deter*
mined upon the obvious course.
If sometimes her heart was sick with
the hunger to love and be loved by the
one she loved, so that there were times
when she would have bartered the world
for Its plenary feeding, it Is all that, we
inslsf. and more, than could be expected
of this sort of heroine.
And so she had resolved upon surrender
—upon an outward surrender. Inwardly
she knew it to be not more than a capitu
lation under duress, whose terms would
remain forever secret except to those
clever at Induction. And, now. as the
train took her swiftly to her fate, she
made the best of it.
There would be a town house fit for her;
a country house at Tuxedo or Lenox or
Westbury; a thousand good acres with
greeneries: a game preserve, trout pond
and race course; a cottage at Newport; a
place in Scotland; a_ house in London,
perhaps. Then there would be Jewels
such as she had longed for. a portrait by
Chartran. she thought. And there was
the dazzling thought of going to Felix or
Doucet with credit unlimited.
And he — would the thought of him as it
had always come to her keep on- hurting
with a hurt she could neither explain nor
appease? Would he annoy her, enrage
her perhaps, or even worse, tire her? He
would be v*ry much In earnest, of course,
and so few men could be In earnest grace
fully. But would he be stupid* enough to
stay fo? And If not, would he become
brutal? She- suspected he might have ca
pacities for that. Would she be able to
hide all but her pleasant emotions from
him— hide that want, the gTeat want, to
which she would have once done sacri
fice?
Well, it was easier to try than not to
try, and the sacrifice— one could always
sacrifice if the need became imperative.
But her troubled musings ended with
her time alone. From a whirl over the
crisp, firm macadam, tucked into
one of Phimlster Gwilt-Athelstan's auto
mobiles with four other guests, with no
less a person than her genial host for
chauffeur, she was presently ushered into
the great hall, where a huge log fire
crackled welcome and. where blew a lively
little gale of tea chatter from a dozen
people. '
Tea Miss Milbrey Justly reckoned
among the little sanities of life. Her
wrap doffed and her veil pushed up, she
was in a moment restored to her normal
ease, a part of the group, and making
her part of the talk that touched the
latest news from town, the flower show,
automobile show, Irving and Terry, the
morning's meet, the weekly muslcale and
dinner dance at the club: and at length
upon certain matters of marriage and di
vorce. ¦ t 'J ,
Nor could we have learned in the hos
tile camp the current gossip of Tuxedo,
kieadowbrook, Lenox, Morristown and
Ardsley; of the mishap of Mrs. "Jlmmle"
Whettln, twice unseated at a recent meet;
of the woman's championship tourna
ment at Chatsworth; or the good points
of the new runner-un at Ualtusrol. daily
to be seen on the links. Where we might
incur knowledge^ of Beaumont "gusher"
or Plttsburg mill we should never have
discovered that teas and receptions are
really falling into disrepute; that a serlea
of dinner dances will be organized by the
mothers of debutantes to bring them for
ward; and that big subscription balls are
in disfavor, since they benefit no one
but the caterers who serve poor suppers
and bad champagne.
Mrs. Gwilt-Athelstan takes only Scotch
whisky* and soda.
"But I'm glad," she confides to Horace
Milbrey on her left, "that you haven't got
to followln' this fad of havln' one wine at
dinner; 1 know it's English, but it's down
right shoddy."
Her host's eyes swam with gratitude for
this appreciation. ; . .
"I stick to my peg." she continued; "but
1 like to see a Chablis with the oysters
and good dry sherry with the soup,. and a
Moselle with the tteh, and then you're
ready to be liveried with a bit of cham
pugne for the roast- and steadied a^bit
by Burgundy with the game. Phlm sticks
to It, too; tells me my peg is downright
encouragement to the bacteria. But I tell
him I've no quarrel with my bacteria.
'Live and let live' is my motto, I tell him
—and if the microbes and I both like
Scotch and soda, why, what harm. l!m
forty-two and not so much of a fool that
I ain't a little bit of a physician. I know
my stomach, I tell , him."
. "What . about these Western people?"
she asked Oldaker at her other side, after
a little.^ . .
"Decent, unpretentious folks, somewhat
new, but with loads of money."
"I've heard how the breed's stormin'
New York! in droves; but they tell me
some of us need the money."
"I dined with one last night, a sugar
cured ham magnate from Chicago."
"Dear me! how shockln'l"
"But they're good, whole-souled people."
"And well-heeled— and that's what we
need. It seems. Some of us been so busy
bein'. well-familied that we've forgot to
make money."
"It's a good thing, too. Nature has her
own building laws about fortunes. When
they get too skyscrapy she topples them
over. These people with their thrifty hab
its would have all the money in time if
their. sons and daughters, didn't . marry
aristocrats ' with expensive .tastes who
know how to be spenders. .Nature keeps
things fairly even, one way or another."
"You're thlnkln' about Kitty and the
Duke."
"No, .not then I wasn't, 'though that's
Her gown to-night is of orchard green,
trimmed wi* apple blossoms, a single
pink spray of them caught In her hair.
The rounding, satin grace of her slender
arms, sloping to the opal-tipped lingers,
the exquisite line from ear to shoulder
strap, the inviting ripeness of her chin
and throat, the tender, pink and white of
her fine skin, the capricious, inciting tilt
of her small hrad, the dainty lift of her
short nose— these allurements she has in
ventoried with a calculating and satisfied
eye. She is glad to believe that there is
every reason why it will soon be over.
And since the whole loaf is notoriously
better than a half, here is the enguging
son of the house, also firmly bent upon
the high emprise of matrimony; hand
some, with the chin, it may be. slightly
receding; but an excellent leader of co
tillons, a surpassing polo player, clever,
winning and dressed with an effect that
has long made him remarked in polite
circles, , which no mere money can
achieve. Money, indeed, if certain Ill
natured gossip of tradesmen be true, has
b^en an Inconsiderable factor in the en
compassment of this sartorial distinction.
He waits now, eager for a first glimpse
of the young woman whose charms, even
by report, have already won the best de
votion he has to give. A grievous error
it Is to suppose that Cupid's artillery is
limited to bow and arrow.
And now, instead of the rude commer
cial horde that laughed loudly and ate
uncouthly at the board of the barbarian
we shall sit at table with people horn to
the only manner- said to be worth pos
sessing—If we except, indeed, the visiting
tribe of Bines, who may be rellod upon
however, to behave at least unobtrusively.
As a contrast to the oppressively West
ern matron from Kansas City here Is
Mistress Fidelia Oldaker on the arm of
her attentive son. She would be very old
but for the^circumstance that she began
early in Jlfe to be a belle, and age cannot
stale such women. Brought up with board
at her back, books on her head, to guard
her complexion as If it were her fair
name,. to be diligent at harp practice and
conscientious with the dancing master,
she is almost the last of a school that
nursed but the single aim of subjugating
man. To-night, at seventy-something, she
Is a bit of pink bisque fragility, bubblln
tirelessly with reminiscence, her vivacity
unimpaired, her energy amazing and her
coquetry faultless. From which we should
learn, and be grateful therefor, that
when a girl is brought up in the way she
ought to go she will never be able to de
part from it.
Here also Is Cornelia Van Gelst, sis
ter of our admirable hostess-relict of
a gentleman who had been first or
second cousin to half the people in
Bociety it were really desirable to know
and whose taste in wines, dinners ami
sports had been widely praised at his
death by those who had had the fortune
to be numbered among his friends. Mrs
Van Gelst has a kind, shrewd face and
her hair, which turned prematurely gray
while she was yet a wife, gives her a
look of age that her actuatyears belie
- 1 i er £ tO ,°' IS Rul0n She Pler. the money
god, his large, round head turning < upon
his immense shoulders without the aid of
a neck-sharp-eyed, grizzled, fifty, short
of stature, and with as few Illusions con
cerning life as the New 'York financier
is apt to retain at his age.
ineir daughters, it appearea. *\ere u«
ing sought in marriage by the sons of
those among whom they sojourned. /
"Oh. they're a nice band of hand-shak
ers, all right, all right," asserted the gen
tleman from Kansas City. "One of 'em
tried to keep company with «nir Caroline,
but I wouldn't stand for it. He was a
crackin' good shinny player, and he could
lead them cotillon dances blowin' a whis
tle and callin*. 'All right. l*p'.' or some
thing, like a car-starter— but, 'Tell me
something good about him.' 1 says to an
old friend of his family. Well, he hemmed
and hawed— he was a New York gentle
man, and says he, 'I don't know whether
1 could make you understand or not,' he
cays, 'but he's got family,' Jest like that,
bearln' down ' hard on 'family'— 'and
you've got money,' he pays, 'and money
and family need' each other badly in this
town,' he says. 'Yes,' says I, 'I met up
with a number of people here.' I says,
'but 1 ain't met none yet that you'd have
to blindfold and back into a lot of money.'
I says, 'family or no family,' I says. 'And
that young man,' he says, 'Is a pleasant,
charming fellow; why,' he says, 'he's the
Lest-coated man In New York.' Well, 1
looked at him and 1 says, 'Well,' says 1,
'he may be the best-coated man in New
York, but he'll be the best-booted man in
New York, too.' I says, 'if he comes
around trying to spark Caroline any more
— or would be If I had my way. His. chin's
pushed too far back under his face,' I
says, 'and besides,' 1 says. "Caroline is be
ing waited on by a young hardware drum
mer, a good steady young fellow traveling
out of little old K. C..' t I says, 'and while
he ain't much for fatn'ly,' 1 says, 'he'll
have one of his own before he gets
through,' I says; 'we start families where
I come from,' I says."
"Good boy! Good for you," cheered the
self-made Barbarians, and drank success
to the absent disseminator of hardware.
With much loud talk of this unedifying
character the dinner progressed to an
end; through selle d'agneau, floated in '84
champagne, terrapin convoyed by a spe
cial Madeira of 1S50, and canvasback duck
with Romance Contl. 1S65. to a triumpnant
finale of Turkish coffee and 1811 brandy.
After dinner the ladies gossiped of New
York society, while the barbaric males
6moRed their big oily cigars and bandied
reminiscences. Higbee showed them
through every one of the apartment's
twenty-two rooms, from reception hall to
laundry, manipulating the electric lights
with the skill of a etage manager.
. The evening ended with a eakewa.k, for .
the musical artists had by rare wines
been mellowed from their classic reserve
into a mood of ragtime abandon. And if
Monsieur the Baron with hi3 ceremonious
grace was less exuberant than the Crown
Prince of Cripple Creek, who sang as he
stepped the sensuous measure, his pleas
ure was not less. He joyed to observe
that these men of incredible millions had/
no hauteur. .
"I do not," wrote the Baron to his noble
father the Marquis, that night, "yet un
derstand their Joke; why' sm.n.d it be
droll to wish that the man whose coat
is of the best should also wear boots of
the best? but as for what they call une
promenade de gateau. 1 find it very en
joyable. I have met a Mile, riines to
whom I shall at once pay my addresses
Unlike Mile. Higbee, ehe has not the
father from Chicago nor elsewhere. Quel
diable d'hommc"'
CHAPTER XVII.
THE PATRICIANS E. CERTAIN.
To reward the enduring who read po
litely through the garish revel of the
preceding chapter, covers for fourteen
are now laid with correct and tasteful
quietness at the sophisticated board of
that fine old New York family, the Mil
breys. Shaded candles leave all but the
glowing taL.e In a gloom discreetly pleas
ant. One need not look so hlch as the
old-fashioned stuccoed celling. The fam-
Ana lO-nignt. xnrre "» ««"«• "mj •-"«
pretty Ml«s Higbee. but the winning Mist
Bines, whose dot. the baron has beer
led to understand, would permit his be
loved father unlimited piquet at his club
to say nothing of regenerating the farotlj
chateau. Yet these are hardly matters
to be gossiped of. It Is enough to know
that the Baron Ronault de Palllac, when
he discovers himself at table between
Miss Bines and the adorable Miss His
bee, becomes less saturnine than has foi
nome time been his wont. He does not
forget previous disappointments, but des
perately enaps his swarthy Jaws In com
mendable superiority to any adverse fate.
"Je ne donne pas un damn," he says
to himself, and translates, a* was his
practice, to better his English— "I do not
present a damn. I shall lake what it la
that it may be."
The noble Baron de Palllac at this
feast of the tribesmen was like the cap
tive patrician of old led In chains that
galled. The other alien, Launton Old
aker. was present under terms of honor
able truce, willingly and without ulterior
motive ravine— *s he confessed to him
eelf—a consuming desire to see "how the
other haJf lives." He was no longer the
hunted and dismayed being Perclval had
met In that far-off and Impossible Mon
tana; but was now untroubled, remem
bering, it is true, that this "slumming
expedition." as he termed it. hod taken
him beyond the recognized bounds of his
beloved New York, but serene In the con
sciousness that half an hour's drive
would land him safely back at his club.
Oldaker observed Mis* Psyche Bines
approvingly.
"We are so glad to be In New York!"
she had confided to him, sitting at her
right.
"My dear young woman." he warned
her, **you haven't reached New York
yet." The talk being general and loud,
he ventured further.
"Tills is Pittsburg. Chicago. Kansas
City, Denver— almost anything bat New
York."
"Of course I know these arc not the
swell old families."
Oldaker sipped his glass of old Oloroso
sherry and discoursed.
"And our prominent families, the ones
whose names you read, are not New
York any more, either. They are rather
London and Paris. Their furniture, cloth
ing, plate, pictures, and servants come
from one or the other. Yes, and their
manners, too. their interests and sym
pathies and concerns, their fashions— and
—sometimes, thejr—er— morals. . They are
assuredly not New York any more than
Gobelin tapestries and Fortuny pictures
and Louis Seize chairs are New York."
DR. CHARLES FLESH FOOD
For the Form and Complexion.
ful[ y u » ed by i'»d-
s£S&* lc * actresses, ain*.
/JMMf &f * rs *Bd women or
fVa? Z=9 ft3ri xashion tor mor*
ryi -S r \Vh*r*ver appKed
Vcj *T/ U i» instantly »t>-
r3 _y sorbed through th«
y ~S - --' ¦¦'- V*m of the skin.
i and Its wonderful
\ - nutrition fteds ta«
f \^ irastln* tissues.
forv^- Removing Pimples
% 1j/£r^ .V A " lf by roasto. one
•IYJ//V JrP showing a remark.
• . l>^J!*i>Tl7' able improvement.
DR. CHAKLES FLESH FOOD is positively
the only preparation known to medical scleuc*
ttiAl will round out hollows in the neck an I
produce firm, healthy fiesb on thin cheeks, arms
and hands. . .
TOB DEVELOPING THE BUiT
Or breasts shrunken from nursing It has th»
hlghett Indorsement of physicians. Two boxes
U -men »u(flclent to make th« bust firm.
larce and beautiful.
SOLD BY THE EMPORIUM AND OTHER
DEPARTMENT SCORES AND DRUGGISTS.
Uegular trice. |1.0O a box. but to all who
take, advantage of this SPECIAL OFFER and
send us one dollar w« will *enJ iwj (2) bujt«».
In plain wrapper.
F' o pr 'P — A cample box and oar book.
t\ la L. "ART OF MASSAGE." fully l|.
lustra ted, wlllbe s*nt free to any lady send-
ing 10 cents to pay (or cost or mailing. Address
IS. CSARLS.* CO.. » r»r. rU«. Uv Tan.As he seated himself he threw a quick
glance at his companion. She was a pret
ty girl with blue eyes, a lovable nose, a
klssable mouth and an Irreproachable
traveling outfit. A look of amusement
crossed his face as he noted the frigidity
of her bearing, for he knew enough of
human nature to be quite positive that
she was thinking of him. Her rigid in
terest in. the scenery on her own side as
sured him of that fact. He unhooked the
indicateur and studied it carefully, and
wh»i he stood up to throw it on the
bur.cile rack he felt that her eyes had
been turned his way, bo he sat down
again, folded his arms and waited for
time to pars a little. The possibilities of
French trains are great. Those without
tempers gain them, those with tempers
lose them— in both cases, one speaks.
She appeared unalterably fixed in her
determination, but nevertheless he wait
ed quietly, hopefully.
Each looked out of their own window.
The Jura Mountains were massing them-
He seized the strap and swung himself
upward arter her; then banged the door
and Jerked up the window. The latter
was stubborn, and ere it was firmly
fastened the train had left the station
and was speeding fast.
Perhaps it was because she was not
pofitlve as to what he was that— barely
bcndir.g her bead in acknowledgment of
the courtesy— she stepped swiftly over the
bouillotes. seated herself in the farther
corner ar.d turned a steadfast gaze far
and away.
mr^^^^B&ttaBk fIOSE eotog from Ma-
H » con to Geneva m?.y
¦ J^y^ k% f( i^3 9 Nantua and the other
? ?Jyf~s, r^A,^ B by Bellegarde. Both
B Jp^y'-S^Vjii E are BO charming and
<^uL^CTttflgJ' F ' J Dicturesaue that the
choke Letwecn them Is
sometimes nearly heartrending.
It was on a cold, bright, late autumn
<Jay in November that a pretty girl, ap
parently an American, started to get into
the Bellegarde train. Waiting, as if to
enter the came compartment, stood a man
well loaded with valises. Perhaps It was
because he also was an American that
when he saw her helplessly struggling on
the steep, ladder-like steps he immediate
ly put forth a strong hand and raised her
gently to the level above.
(Copyright. 1903. by T. C. McClure.)
She hesitated, and her hesitation was
suddenly swallowed in another roar of en
gulfing blackne-ss.
"Go on." he whispered. (Whispers rush
in where angels fear to tread.)
"Well," she replied slowly, "once before
to-day— only once,' mind you— I went
through a tunnel with v a man — "
She stopped.
"ph. the unfeeling brute!" he cried im
petuously.
. The train came forth to the sunlight
once more.
"Is my hat on straight?" she asked de
murely.
"Yen, it's straight," ho said, "but it's
meant. to go a little tippy, isn't itV"_
"Hand mo the mirror out of your va-»
Use.". she said, "I think I'd better Sec for
myself." • '-';- ~
He stood up and proceeded to seek the
article demanded.
"I suppose I may as well haul them
them down. We gtt off at Btllegarde,
you know."
"Yes," she replied, "and 1 do hope, dear,
that I nevsr in all my life shall be so mud
again as I was at you whin I got on
this train." ¦
He kissed her, laughing.
"You were mad," he said, "you were
just awfully mad. I wondered If you'd
ever speak to me again."
"I. don't care," she said, smiling and
pouting at on.ee, "I wanted to go by Nan
tua and you knew it."
Whe.n It flew forth a chance passing
cinder would have perceived that he had
changed his seat to one by her sice. Also
that her face was flnshlnc
"Do you know." he said, "when I got
in I was fairly frightened at your lofty
bearing."
"Were you?" she safd. "How nice! I
wanted to frighten jou. I've read that
is the proper feeling for ladies Jo •*y to
Inspire when they find themselves alone
with a man."
"Are you often successful?" he queried.
She bit her liu. then: .
"No." she answered, frankly.
lie took her hand in his.
"Tel! me." h*> said earnestly, "were you
ever tuc-cessful?"
Some curving lines crept between her
ejes and li. s.
"I'm rr.art ed. too," she responded.
They exchanged glances.
With a loar the tralu p.unged into dark
ness a;a!n.
"It's the day of th<^ lot drawing for the
army." he said, as he drew in his head
and raised the sash ugaln. Il>s tone was
disinterested in the extreme.
"Ar.d that's Mont Colombier on your
side," he added.
She looked at Mont Colombier and *a!d
with a chill haughtiness, "Thank you."
The valley of the Albarlne; was beg'^
ning to merge into the grander valley of
the Rhone, the latter river sweeping
broadly beside the railway, while the
Alps, increasing with each nearer view,
loomed heavily above.
"The finer view Is on this side," he re
markeJ kindly. She did not turn her
head.
"I'll sit on that side If I ever return
this way,", she murmurtd.
The train stopped at Culoz and he left
the car and smoked a cigarette on the
platform of the gare.
When he climbed In again she glanced
at him about half way to his knees, and
he felt he had made some progress.
"The next Is Seyssel," he Announced
cheerfully, "the half on the opposite bank
is in Savoy."
"How interesting!" she commented
coolly, and turned to the French half.
Another tunnel.
"Our lamps seems to have been forgot
ten." (His voice.)
"Evidently." (Her voice.)
He knew from the sound that she had
turned toward him to speak.
Then they came into the daylight once
more and rolled swiftly above the Vczer
once.
"We really ought to have a lamp," he
said anxiously, "the tunnels are many
between here and Bellecarde."
She looked at 'him furtively, and he
caught her eye and smiled openly.
' "Don't be frightened, though," he said,
with ready reassurance, "I'm married."
selves one ng-tinrt another in a reck!- ss
dfi>lr«* to become Alps as sojn as p"..ssibl3.
and the Albarine was rtinnln'g from one
aide of the track to the other, as .f 'n
all its previous course of existence It had
never s**-n a railway train before.
Suddenly th<\v were swallowed up 'n a
tunnel and the girl gave a qui>j.{. startled
cry.
"It's very short," he said, politely.
She did not answer.
They came out into the light again and
stopped at Artmore. He let down the
window nnd leaned nut— that being the
fiivorfto recreation of the Continen;al
tra\-elpr. The village was overflowing
with soldiers, cockad.es, bands and wine.
"THE GIRL I LEFT BEHIND ME"
&x oh m Y$ KIDG §f
but he told >~er he was ouite well -and
that he Droposed to go more into society
than he had ever done before.
"What's going on to-night?" he asked.
"There isn't anything," %aid Mrs. Ham
ilton. "There's nothing going on this
week, ar.d at the theater there's nothing
worth seeing except 'The Girl I Left Be
hind Me.' " —
"Well, let's go to that." said Arthur.
When they took their seats in the theater
the orchestra oegan playing the stirring
old tune from which the play was named.
Arthur turned in his seat and looked
about the auditorium. Two rows behind
him sat Angela and her father. Their
eyes met. .Argela smiled and almost
beckoned him to ecrne back and speak to
her. Arthur bowed stiffly and turned to
speak to h!s mother.
The next morning came a note from
Angela. \ ;\- ; : .
"If you can possibly arrange it." ran,
the note. "I wish you'd come up and have
tea with me at 5 o'clock to-day."
It v. as almcst-n command. Arthur went.
She came into the room with both hands
outstretched.
"I am so g;ad to see you," ghe said.
"What a Lad boy you've been not to write
to me!"
Then she looked at his face squarely. in
the lirht.
"Why. Arthur Hamilton!" she cried.
"What's the matter? You look as though
you'd seen a ghost."
"No," he sa'.d. "I've only seen 'The
Girl I I-eft Behind Me.' "
"What do vou mean.?"
"Nothing, only It seems that that Is
just what I am seeing now,", and Arthur
gazed into her eves.
"Do you mean that you heard of my
engagement, and that "
. Argela stopped and blushed.
"Yes. I mean exactly tuat. and I hop«
you will be very happy, ancT that Mrs. Al
lerton is nleased." .
"Look here, boy." «ald Angela, uncon
sciously using the old childish name she
used to call him, "do you think I got en
gaged to olease Mrs. Allerton?"
"Well, I thought you were going to
please the family, that way— at least,,
not — " »
He was getting into deep water. He
turned and started Into the street. iThen
he looked back at Angela. There were
te>ars in her eyes. lie caught her in his
arms.
."Will you please me this way?" he
asked:
"I have always wanted to, boy, always
and always," she said.
HE two families had
b. """" — L ¦»¦¦« ¦».~-'C~Tl I ten close ¦ friends
IWY/m !T\vftS schoolgirls, the
If l III ' !Pft\ i Ira rooihtra had been
»L\Vi 'l fir /ira at Mt * Hol > oke t0 *
Sf'^jfcJVj t^jIfiSiS r boys had been at
fflSs2^*__*s£2&a§a Amherei ar.d had
. graduated in the
same claes. Holyoke nnd Amherst aie
not far p part, geographically, and on
walks about the Connecticut Valley the
four had fallen Into company. Afterward
there hart been two weddings, and the two
new homes were established in the samJ
Western city. The heads of the families
went Into law practice together, and the
firrruhns la^ltd until this day— more than
twt nty-jjve years.
When the children were born it was
ejiiltc natural that the boy should have
been nami d Arthur Selden Hamilton,
after his father's partner, and the girl
Angela Hamilton Selden. after her moth
er's schoolgirl friend and companion. Ar
thur was almost a year older than An
gc'a. and a year la a long time In the lives
of youngsters.
. When, after their high school days, it
was decided that both should go to col
lege, they left home on the same day In
charge of Angela's mother and Arlhur's
father and Journeyed eastward to the
Connecticut Valley.
Afterward Arthur went abroad for a
year's study and Angela went to visit
some friends at an iirmy post further
West. When Arthur came home and
found, instead of the. schoolgirl he had
known, a beautiful young woman, he was
scarcely prepared for the change. It was
all foreordained. While he had seen
pretty women abroad, and at Amherat
had almost proposed to a girl at com
mencement time, he had been practically
heart-free. . This vision of loveliness who
kissed him frankly as a sister might took
his breath away. When he left the 8e!den
home that night it was with the intention
of winning Angela Selden.
All that winter he saw much of he,r. At
the parties they attended, at the theater',
or. wherever he could make an excuse, to
meet her, he was her devoted cavalier. In
both the families it was regarded as a
foregone conclusion that there would be
another marriage to link the two families
yet closer together. ¦
One evening Arthur called at- the Sel
dens determined to ask Angela to be his.
' "She must know," he thought, "how
much I love her.. If she will have me
I'll take the governor's offer and go
into the business with him risht away.
Arthur climbed the steps which led up
to the Seldens' veranda. On the veranda
sat Angela and a man in uniform.
"Mr. Hamilton," said Angela, "let me
present my friend. Lieutenant Allerton."
They shook hands. Arthur said some
thing about being glad to see Lieutenant
Allerton. Lieutenant Allerton said some
thing about being charmed to meet Mr.
Hamilton.
There was some music, and Allerton
sang". He sang well, and Angela accom
panied him as only a sympathetic musi
cian can. Arthur felt a lover's jealousy.
"Why couldn't he have stayed away till
to-morrow?" hu thought.
When Allerton rose to go he said. "Then
mother and I may expect to meet you on
Tuesday in Chicago?"
"Yes." replied Angela, "and tell your
mother that Tishall give her a great deal
of trouble before me -reach Leavenworth.
for I am going to make her tell me every
thing about her boys at the fort. You
know I fell desperately in love with every
soldier there last summer."
' Arthur stayed for a few minutes after
Allerton had gone.
"Are you going away?" he asked in dis
mry.
"Yes," she replied. "Mrs. Allerton has
asked me to visit her for a month at
Leavenworth. The colonel is the dearest
old men that ever lived, and— Isn't Charlie
jUBt the handsomest boy you ever saw?"
Arthur said good-by hurriedly and
walked miles into the country smoking
strong cigars. '
The next day he received a little good
by note from Angela, saying that her
father wanted her to go on to Chicago
for a day or two with him, and as he
had been called away suddenly she had
gone. The note continued: -
. But y before October A came Arthur's
father told him that he -had frood reason
for thinking from something tMr. Selden
had said at the office that Angela was en
gaged to Lieutenant Allerton. / ,
Then Arthur had to go to New York on
business for his father for several months.
He heard from Angela once or twice, but
she said nothing about her engagement.
He had fought to quench his love
for her. but the more he fought against
it the harder the task seemed, until nnal
l^he worried himself almost into nervous
prostration. When he got home his moth
er was greatly, alarmed at his "appearance.
ON THE WAY TO BELLGRADE
key. and he found the notes and is going to take them L.nck to tn*- bank to-day.
"ii!d bea^l! I wish come oue would stop the tran nnd rob him. Ah!" she
rritd. as something evidently flashed into her mind, "what a glorious idea! Why
shouldn't you?"
¦\Ko!d him up?" I acked In dismay.'
l.t-titia was breathless with the brilliancy of her id^a.
"Yes. rob him. St.'.nd and deliver! that sort of thing. Oh. can't you see
what I mean?" «j, -
"Ve- es!" I answerer! slow'y. "I thjnk I *¦»•«•. You want tr.e to play the high
wayman for your benefit. Bobbery; with possible violence on the highroad, is
a dangerous game to play."
"Vou don't look at it in a proper light." said Letitia, quickly. "Remember,
away? •
Ix-titia's face giew «T'.mson. "1 came away." she said in a very low voice,
"because I a«n engaged to Ve married to a— a — lvast. He is coming to-day to the
White He use to sec me, and I made up my mind that when he came I wouldn't
"1 don't blame you." said 1. "But I don't quite understand. Why. if the
is a btast. have you got to marry him? In what way is he a beast?
Is be ugly?"
L«cijiia frowned and poked the ground with h> r small pa'ert leather toe.
• - i don't know whether he is ugly or rot." she ta ; d quickly, "because 1 have
never se^n him. I am engaged to be m irried to him because Bel y stem is n-.Ine.
*nd Kyoasten ie his. and Uncle George ;hii.kK they ought to be joiiied together
as one estate "
"Ah." I murmured encouragingly. "It seems a suitah'e arrangement."
••c_'an't ytu s*e," she said pet'.ishly. "I only left school six weeks aso. and
I want to" have some fun before 1 am married. I should !i':ce to have some
pay in choosing my hus'tanJ. And thin. David Kynaston is awfully old — even
elder than you. I should thir.k."
"If you have never seen h'.tn, perhaps he is not so ancient after all." I sug
gested. "He may be able to wa k i 4 u te we!'— with t'oe atsistar>e of a stick.*!
Letitia started to her feet. My remarks aid net appear to iecoiicile her to her
fate.
"It i? no use trying to persuade me to go back." the said. •'>i*-c:iuse I won't."
••Where are you going? Are you (,-j!n; to take refuge in scho )1 aga^n':
"Not if 1 know it!" she answered hastily. "I urn go.ng tn ride tJ MorninK
ton to my Aunt Margaret's; and I am going to may with her till Uncle George
can be brouzht to reason."
"Perhaps if you were to meet Mr. Kynaston." I said slowly, "you might make
some kind of a bargain with him. You ste. he. too. might repent of t'ne ar
rangement by that lime."
Letitia's color rose acain.
"You are not very polite," she paid. "\>ry likely he wpuld; but I am not
going to give him the chance. If any one is to b***jiited it sha 1 be he."
"1 as-sure rou. 1 don't think it is In the least likely." said I hurriedly. "I'n
\f-sF hf is blicd he cannot fail t-i be pleased with h;s jshare of the bargain. Now,
if I were David Kynaston. I should not lose a moment in "
Then Letitia interrupted: .
"It rnuFt be nearly naif-oast 9." she t-"-id: "»:>d 1 have got to walk this
wre t< h*"d machine to Kynaston to be nunciod. Oh. what dues it cost to have a
puncture mended?" she p&ld suddenly.
"About a Guart* i r > I think." *
Letitia to"k a dainty preen leatber purse from her pocket and opened It.
"I have only got twenty altogether." i^he said. "And 1 want to get some
lunch wit!) thzt."
Again her gray eyes filled with trars.
"I should rather think you would." sjkl I. "Considering that Mfirninjrton
it; fifty rnilf-s from here at the very l^ast, you seem to have t~.;znr rather pooily
provided. I shall b« cn!y too "
"Certainly rot," interrupted I>eUtia< with dignity. "I ought t<» have had
plenty of money. Aunt Marpare; gave me $oO on my brth(!?.y, which I put in
the bank at Kynaston. and yesterday I drew it ei^t So corre away with.
"I put the r^tes In my saddle-lag, aid when I rot home I jeft l he mach!nf
In the hall. Uncle George went rummaging about to see if I had taken hissuew
— ¦ t the top of Kynaston Hill I Jumped off rnd walked my
1 **? bicycle blowly along the footpath. I hearC the "ting" of a
v^^ra bicycle bel!. and a girl's figure rose to view on th« summit
fjjif £^fels afi a * nst tfa e clear morning sky. Heavens! She was never go
iW^^^Xws Ing to ride down Kynaston Hill in this mud! (
v^^i*Jwc_*W " Get cfr: " * >' elled - " the road Is like a P° nd -"
y-ry^sjSt^^a-ydi The girl glanced at me for an instant, then at the long
11 ¦ " '¦' '"' Fweep of mad falling away before her, smiled, put her feet
en the rests and coasted. Her bicycle skidded, just as I expected, and 1 hurried
down the road to find her sitting In the mud. looking at her machine with a
rUt She picked herself up without my assistance, while the pink of her cheeks
There is a 'warning to bicyclists' at the tcp of the hill," I eaid, stopping to
take the bicycle by the -amp-icst, which was the only part I could see unspotted
bv mud
"It Is too late to tell me that now." she said. "Nobody with any sense ever
gets off for a 'warning to cyclists.' " ~ V.-^"
The tone showed me that further reproach would be unwise.
She turned half round to gaze anxiously up the hill.
•He cant be comtns yet." she murmured.
\n unwarrantable feeling at disappointment chilled me for a moment.
"Oh " she cried "1 mustn't an instant! The bicycle Is rjuite clean now—
e--thsnk >ou very* much. I will walk down the rest of the hill."
-It would be wiser." 1 turned to hide a smile. "I will wheel your bicycle, if
vou will allow me." ... V : -
* S5ie looked at me for an Instant before replying, but after a short scrutiny
her tare cleared.
•'Thank you very much." ">he said.
She was about IS and charmingly pretty. I felt at all costs I must know more
about her . ... .,„.., , >
•'Wouldn't it be better if we sat down and waited for him?" Tasked gently.
Th« girl looke-d at me with eyes full of alarm.
"Wait?" she cried. "Good heavens, no! Why, I should have to go straight
back home if we did!"
\t tli* next turn she looked back. As she did so I stooped, with the pretense
of deariSS the mud from the brake of her bicycle, and drove a pin right through
" e ..j- r ,|'., fia ;j you've punctured your t! r e." I said gravely. The look of despair in
those cray eyes Hlled" me with sudden r P mors<» for the deed I had done. . v
"1 haven't got an outfit," the cried. "Perhaps you have, though?"
"No ' I answered, untruthfully, hoping she would never see the contents of
The d |;ray S eye« filled with tears, and I felt that I had behaved like a beastly
Cad «Look here." said I. .:i1crs you tell me all about it, I don't see how I can
"It is I'r.cle Georg*. who is coming, with his dogcart, and if he catches me
1 shall have to go straight back to Beryzton "
"Let's go ami sit on that fallen troe." said 1 persuasively, "and talk it over
cslm'v. If you don't mind my suggesting it, wouldn't it be a good plan to begin
with your n*me and at'.dress?" ... A
She hesitated a little, then sat down on the extreme edge of the log. and
locked doubtfully at mo. *
"Mr i.ame is Letltla Rowe." she said, "and I live at the White House at
"It Is a very pretty name," I murmured politely. "Why did you run
This whs all. very well, but the really unpleasant part of the business was
afterward. wh«n Lc-titia Insisted upon my making a cltan breast of the whole .af
fair to Uncle George . *!¦-
Uncle George wanted no more persuasion. He drew a crackling roll of notes
from his pocketbook and handed them to me without another word, then tore
the whip from William's shaking hand.
A frantic cut on the sleek whiteness of the plump mare, a frightened plunge
forward of that astonished beast, an ill-suppressed laugh from Letitia, and I
wag left standing in the middle of Kynasjon road with a bundle of bank notes.
A voice from the hedge recalled myscattered wits with a rush.
"You'd better take those things off before any one else comes along." said
Letltla.
I felt very cross and t>egan to drag the wretched things over my head with
out speaking.
"You did It splendidly," went on Letitia. She was almost speechless with
laughter and sat down on the fallen tree again to recover herself.
These compliments did not tend to improve my temper. I handed her the
roll of notes without a word. She took them with evident pleasure and counted
them over., . . ¦ -¦
"He has only given you thirty," she said, "but even that's better than noth
ing. Won't I have a good time now!"
But at last it began to dawn upon her that I was really annoyed. She put her
hand on my arm and looked up at my displeased face with such a charming air
of contrition that my anger melted away like the morning dew. y
"Don't be cross," she said. '"You were an angel to do It— you can imagine
how grateful I am."
"No," said I, smiling at last, "I certainly can't. You don't accept It In at all
the DroDGr spirit.* '
Letitia laughed again.
"I think it Is time I was on my way to Kynaston." she said. "I will try to
cultivate a proper spirit as we go alung."
We reached the village all too soon, meeting on the way two of the incompe
tent village policemen, evidently sent by Uncle George. Naturally they didn't rec
ognize the terrible highwayman in a young man in a bicycle suit. AH' in good time
we had the puncture mended.
It was while we were wailing for it that Letitia proposed that I should ride
with her to Mornington and it wa.s then that 1 began to realize what a really de
lightful girl she was. I wished the, day would last forever.
Hut it didn't, and when we stopped for tia at a wayside cottage under a green
trellis awning the sign post at the gate ci'i d out in unkind b'.ack letters that
Mornington was only eight miles farther on.
We came to Aunt Margaret's house e\en sooner than I had bargained for.
Letilja lumped off her machine aod h#fd out lur hand as I came to her side.
"Gcod-by," she said, "it has b t tn a glorious day, ai:d I'm not a bit tired— but
it's all over now." ¦ f
"This one is over, certainly," I said: "but— there may be others."
Leiitia shook her head. She seemed to have grown older and more sedate since
the jnbrninjf. But perhaps she was only tired. .
"No," she sa'd slowly, "1 don't think there must be any others."
"Wh> ?" I was/still holding her hand, but she did not seem to notice It.
"I »\ink you do understand." she crie-d_ suddenly gaining courage and raising
her heat, "and 1 don't think it is very kind of you to make me tell you. It is be
cause 1 j»m engaged to be married to David Kynaston, and because I like you too
much already."
"1 am glad you have been frank with, me," I said, still holding her hand, "be
cause now I shall not be afraid to tell you my name."
Letitia stared In amazement.
"Why bhould you be afraid to te'.l me your name?"
"Because"— 1 spoke very slowly to give my words the more effect — "because,
according to you ft is the name of a btas>t. My name is David Kynaston, and I
am engaged to be married to you."
I waited till the white mare was less tljan five paces from me. then set my
teeth, and strode bravely into the middle of the road flourishing Letitia's ridic
"Your money or your life!" I said sternly.
Letitla was right. The "firearm," did the work. The white mare was stopped
by a frenzied jerk of the reins. The gallant William, huddled Into the corner of
the seat. Uncle George was pasty-faced, stout and spectacled.
"W— w— what the deuce d'ye want?" he cried at last, in a voice shaken to a
delicate tremolo.
"Fifty dollars?" said I. sepulchrally. gaining fresh courage from the helpless
terror of these two brave men.
This was too much. For an instant Uncle George forgot to be frightened, and
raised his whip threateningly.
"You— you— scoundrel." he cried", "I'll see you hanged before I give you a
penny. William, you fool, whip the mare!"
But William did not move. Uncle George seized the reins, and I saw that
now was the moment to be firm. Besides, for the first time I began to enter into
the true spirit of the game.
Accordingly I strode forward, with flapping wings of mackintosh, to the tall
board of the dogcart, nourished the revolver within one Inch of William's head.
"Fifty dollars," said I, "or I fire!" - /
She considered for a minute— then brightened.
"I have got my waterproof cape," she said, "and you have got yours. Put
yours over your head — it will rest on your nose and ears if you are careful,
and you can tie mine around your waist. Then if you pull your cap well over
your eyes, nobody can possibly recognize you."
I sincerely /hoped they wouldn't, as she suited her action to her words, ap
parently with the greatest enjoyment. However, it was too late for regrets now.
Letltla scrambled through a gap in the hedge, and with beating heart I waited
by the roadside. ; .-;; '".-j
¦ Suddenly the wretched dogcart appeared on the top of the hill, with — oh.
horror of horrors! — two men on the front seat.
I could hear Letitla's stifled -giggles from the gap in the hedge. I flung a
hurried reproach at the corner of the white sailor hat which appeared in the
opening.
"You didn't say your uncle would bring a man!"
"It's only William." she answered. "He's better than nobody, because he'll
be so terrified that he'll frighten uncle Into fits."
the money is minet It Isn't robbery, it ls-it \a-, — " Then with a sudden inspi
ration, "It Is knight-errantry."
"The law wouldn't call It knight-errantry," I remarked, gloomily.
"Look here," she cried, opening her saddle-bag with trembling fingers, "I
will lend you my revolver," producing a thing about four Inches long, mounted
with- sliver.
"Is it loaded?" I asked.
Her face fell. "I'm afraid it isn't." she said, "but that doesn't matter In the
least. Uncle George Is frightened to death of nrearrnsV'
My spirits sank lower and lower. Letltla was very pretty, and I was afraid
that a direct refusal to carry out her plan might annoy her.
"What about disguise?" I asked.
THE SUN DAY CALL.
5
THE GIRL AND THE HIGHWAYMANTHE SUNDAY CALIi.
6
This Is the Third of a Series of These Famous Letters,
Which Have Created a Tremendous Sensation Both
in America and Europe, to Be Printed in
the Sunday Call. The Fourth,
Next Sunday, Will Be
success*
THE ORACLE OF
MULBERRY
CENTER
By S. E. Kiser.
THE BIRD AND
THE
BONNET
By Dr. Theodore S. Painter
Of the United States Department of Agriculture,
Washington, D. C.
f^'tT2Z^ J I F lovely woman could only come to
( telWk^ J rra^ 7C that a slaughtered bird does not
v •> IratY 1 a '^ to ier l° ve h'nes<, t ' lcn the world
< wl 1 \ 1 wou ld be more beautiful and better.
.r 1 * n tllc *-' n ' tcd States a strong war has
' r^ «^-* . already been well begun against this
modern slaughter of the innocents. Here
on the Pacific Coast I believe that you
hardly realize how far this matter has gone, for California
has almost no laws for the protection of birds, therefore
the thing has not been much in the public eye here. The
crane and the meadow lark have been protected, also the
gull within five miles of Santa Monica. But you have not
watched the war that has gone on, chiefly along the At
lantic coast, to save our songsters and other birds from the
cruel demands of iasliion.
There are national societies which work to secure laws
for bird protection. After these laws are secured, it is an
affair of the Government's to enforce them. We can
work only with the States that have the laws. For in
stance, Florida could ship all the birds she chose until the
State passed a bill prohibiting the killing; so now the
authorities can stop all shipments of Florida birds.
It was in the early eighties that the fashion of birds on
bonnets came with a rush. Up to that time ribbons had
been the prevailing trimming. But some one woman of
fashion adopted a bird and, like a flock of sheep, the rest
followed. Birds appeared on half the ladies' hats in the year
of eighty-one, I think it was. Gull and tern colonies were
devastated for fashion's sake. Bullets flew into their midst
— something that the birds did not know, had never seen,
wrought havoc in their midst, and the beautiful, innocent
little creatures fell by the hundred.
From that time on the fashion for bird decoration has re
mained. It has fluctuated a bit from season to season,
making flurries among gull investors and heron investors,
who speculate in the poor little slain just as others do in
wheat and oats. But in general birds have been in demand
by beauty every year and every season of the year. Oc
casionally they are used on gowns as well — one bird, for
instance, is perched en a fair shoulder. The grebe breasts
are used in an infinite variety of ways; for hats, muffs, col
lars, and dress trimmings.
Florida is the State that has suffered most, because it
has produced the most birds of beautiful plumage. Now it
has very few, for they have been practically exterminated,
and one of the greatest attractions of the State has ceased
to be.
Herons, egrets, pelicans and ibises attracted the money
maker with a shotgun. The birds have been killed in whole
sale quantities; above all, the custom was to kill them on
the breed.ing ground at the time of nesting, so in killing a
female bird there is an average loss of from three to five off
spring. This practice made the extermination a rapid
process.
This, by the way, is one argument showing that the
feather trade is more injurious than the fur trade. The fur
bearing animals are captured in the winter instead of at
breeding time. Moreover, they arc trapped singly, not
slaughtered by the wholesale.
Florida now has bird protection laws and the Orni
thological Union has a fund to pay wardens who keep a
sharp watch over what birds are left. They guard Pelican
Island, on the Indian River, a large colony of brown pjeli
cans. This island is a real attraction to tourists just as the
Farallones with their bird colony are an attraction here.
You know how carefully this colony is guarded, even the
eggs being under surveillance.
There is a myth which helps many a milliner, that single
feathers do not mean a dead bird. They will tell you that
the feathers are picked up where the birds drop them. This
is not so. Feathers dropped are not in condition for hat
trimming. The ones sold are plucked from the slain bird.
What the various societies and the department want is
to get the milliners to co-operate with them in the work
of saving the birds. There is now an agreement by which
certain of the Eastern milliners will not handle anv United
States birds or certain foreign birds. At one time 2600
terns were seized in one Baltimore shop, with the result
that the wholesale price of terns dropped from one dollar
to thirty-five cents.
There is a little snow-white gull found in the Hawaiian
Islands. It is called the albena. Shipments of these birds
have been. checked, but last winter it was amusing as well
as alarming^to see in the shop windows great numbers of
scarlet, blue?" green and pink birds, which experts identified
* as dyed albenas, colored thus to escape detection.
One good result of checking bird slaughter is the in
crease of demand for what are known as made feathers.
These are built from the feathers of turkeys, chickens and
geese, bought irom the poultry markets and pieced so as to
resemble large quills. Whole breasts are made: a wire
frame is covered with buckram, then the feathers are pasted
on, one over another, like shingles on a roof. This work
saves the birds and gives employment to many people.
Ostrich raising should be encouraged. Ostrich plumes
are beautiful and they are taken with no injury whatever
to the bird.
But if all the women of the land could be brought to
feel the inhumanity and the. poor [economy of killing our
song birds and birds of plumage, then the work would be
easy for us. Birds kill insect pests. A bird that may bring
five or ten cents to the killer would save the farmers from
one to ten dollars in fruit and insecticides. The gulls are
the best scavengers that a large harbor like this can have.
From the esthetic standpoint, beautiful birds are an attrac
tion, just as scenery is. Think of the money spent to im
port the Oregon pheasant! This shows that live birds are
worth more than dead ones.
If every woman would lend her aid to the work the birds
would have a chance.
»
CR0ZE OVER ANCESTOR WORSHIP
9
While there is so much that is ludicrous and nonsensical
being printed about American social precedence based on
ancestral fame it is interesting to note how even among
the scfans of Thibet the worship of ancestors is curiously
carried on. Twice a year their bones are dug up and re
ligiously washed, it being ludicrous in the extreme- to
watch the preternatural gravity with which the natives go
about this stupendous operation, carrying huge pots of
water to the open graves and religiously scrubbing the
bones.
To the natives themselves it is an intensely solemn and
sacred ceremony. As the possession of a larec "bonerv"
jrives to the fortunate proprietor great power in the tribe,
these bones are seif ed upon for debt or on the inaugura
tion of a feud, the persons or family so deprived of their
sacred relics beine shunned by the others until the bones
shall have been redeemed. J
One of the most remarkable of all the strange mvths
believed in bv this curious people is one' pertaining to the
sun. 1 foon and stars. The sun is believed to be an im
mense ball of yak- meat and fat, whereon the spirits of de
parted ancestors are supposed to feast, the light being
caused bv its heated condition. The stars arc portions of
this immense feast, which, dropping to the earth, (rive '
birth to animals for the sustenance of suffering humanity. 1
The moon they conceive to be a less ball of similar texture. ,
in use while the larger one is being replenished for the
morrow. !
j - m ,,, FTER all, a man's toughest propositions
is himself — not the meanness and stu- \
(j^A^jfflii pidity of other people, not this con-^
irartsaaKsJa trarv universe. I remember over the<
( \?gjrSr^T]|l years a remark which my mother made(
'fiaHv^AA" to me a * ew ays before * kft home to*
r.tm il?AW LJ- enter college. Something had gone.
wrong and I was fuming. and sulking
because of parental restrictions. At last I burst. out petu
lantly with . this characteristically youthful exclamation J
"Well, I'll be thankful when I get to college and can be my(
own master." Then came these quiet words from one who|
knew me better than I knew myself: "My son, you can.
never get away from yourself." So I have found it ever
since, though I have traveled quite a little over the world*
and sampled myself in many climes and under very different!
environments. The better policy is to do what the < gentle, {
discerning Robert Louis Stevenson commended as the wis- (
est course a man can pursue, namely, to establish terms ot'
friendship with oneself. Ah, that's the thing! We can dis-<
pense with the friendship of about anybody else sooner than ,
with our own. But just how can we live on friendly terms
with Number One. . ' <
It means, does it not, first of all, that a man should find!
himself interesting? .That is the test applied to everything (
to-day, to music, to the drama, to literature, even to the/
pulpit. A young man contemplating matrimony was advised
before he made the final proposition to imagine himself and'
the' object of his affection six months, a year. or ten years \
later obliged to spend a rainy Sunday together in a country (
inn 'with no resources in the way of books and papers and/
with no one to talk to except each other. Under those cir
cumstances would Romeo still find his Juliet and she him'
bewitching and perfectly satisfying? Now, it is not an oc
casional rainy Sunday that you and I are obliged to spend
with ourselves, but every day and all day, and unless there
is enough in us for our thoughts to feed upon, enough of a
mental substratum to occupy us during the chinks of lime
between our jobs, then we are going to get woefully wearied
of the gentleman known as His'Majesty Myself.
Another essential to the establishment of this friendship
is respect. That is the foundation of all friendly and profit
able intercourse between man and man, and to be on "pleas
ant terms with ourselves we must respect our own motives
and our own behavior. This does not mean smug self-com
placency or a pompous conceit. You don't respect those
traits in others and you -never can in yourself. But you
must satisfy yourself day by day and week by week that you
are a fairly decent and right-minded person, even though
still far from the summits of moral excellence. A conscious
ness of being crooked in business relationships, a slant to
ward the seamy side of life, a deliberate and prolonged effort
to pose as virtuous when one really cares nothing for the
good, the true and the beautiful — such things as these kill
self-respect and put an end to any lasting friendship with
oneself. Once' the tempter, urging a man to an evil action,
whispered to him, "No one will ever know." "But I shall
know it," was the quick and indignant rejoinder. He who
thus insists on retaining the approbation of his own con
science will never know the sorrow and self-abasement of
those who have forfeited its commendation.
And, paradoxical as it may seem, the consummation of a
friendship with -oneself is wrapped up with a genuine in
terest in others. For proof of this statement look at Steven
son himself. Was any man of our time fonder of his
friends, and did ever a man live more contentedly
By 'The Parson."
MAKING A FRIEND OF ONE'S SELF
! g 'iis*gB S s m ;fl EAR PIERREPONT: When I saw you start off yesterday I was just a little un-
easy; for you looked so blamed important and chesty that I am inclined to think you
1 J S w '^ te^ ie rSt customerw h° sa > rs h e doesn't n^ e our sausage that he knows what
j Igprifcf he can do about it. Repartee makes reading lively, but business dull. And what the
¦. -wMwfKJf house needs is more orders.
/- Sausage i s the one subject of all others that a fellow in the packing business
ought to treat solemnly. Half the people in the world take a joke seriously from the start, and the
other half if you repeat it often enough. Only last week the head of our sausage department started
to put out a tin-tag brand of frankfurts, but I made him take it off the market quicker than lightning,
because I knew the first fool who saw the tin-tag would ask if that was the license. And, though peo
ple would grin a little at first, they'd begin to look serious after a while; and whenever the butcher
tried to cell them our brand they'd imagine they heard the bark, and ask for "that real country sau
sage" at twice as much a pound.
A real salesman is one part talk and nine parts judgment ; and he uses the nine parts of judg
ment to tell when to use the one part of talk; Goods ain't sold under Marquess of Queensberry rules
any more, and you'll find that kncUving how many rounds the Old 'Un can last against the Boiler-
Maker won't really help you to load up the junior partner with our Corn-fed brand hams.
A good many salesmen have anidea that buyers are only interested in baseball, funny stories,
and Tom Lipton, and that business is a side line with them, but as a matter of fact mighty few men
work up to the position of buyer through giving up their office hours to listening to anecdotes. I never
saw one that liked a drummer's jokes- more than an eighth of a cent a pound on a tierce of lard.
What the house really sends you out for is orders.
Of course, you wan&to be nice and mellow with the trade, but always remember that mellow
ness carried too far becomes rottenness. You can buy some fellows with a cheap cigar and some
with a cheap compliment, but there's no objections to' giving a- riian what he likes, though I never
knew smoking to do anything good except a ham, or flattery to help any one except to make a fool of
himself.
I don't mean that you should distrust a man who is affable and approachable, but you want to
learn to distinguish between him and one who is too affable and too approachable. The adverb makes
the difference between a good and a bad fellow. The bunko men aren't all at the county fair, and
they don't all operate with the little shells and the elusive pea.
Real buyers ain't interested in much besides your goods and your prices. Never run down your
competitor's brand to them, and never let them run down yours. Don't get on your knees for busi
ness, but don't hold your nose so high in the air that an order can travel under it without your seeing
it. You'll meet a good many people on the road that you won't like, but the house needs their
business. . ,
For your own satisfaction Twill say right here that you may know you are in a fair way of
becoming a good drummer by three things :
First — When you send us Orders.
Second— More Orders.
Third— Big Orders.
If you do this you won't have a great deal of time to write long letters, and -we won't have
a great deal of time to read them, for we will be very, very busy here making and shipping the goods.
We aren't specially interested in orders the other fellow gets, or in knowing how it happened after it
has happened. If you like life on the road you simply won't let it happen. So just send us your ad
dress every day and your orders. They will tell us all we want to know about "the situation."
PASTELS IN PORK, NO. 3
From "t*tter« from a Self-Made Mer
chant to His Son." by George Horaca
Lorim«r. By permission ofc Small. May
nard & Co. > Publishers, Boston. Mass.
COMMERCIAL
TRAVELERS
ULBERRY CENTER. July 14— It's cu-
J^^ mm y^^f^ mm^ rious how some things go in this world.
ifevjL-Xrj You 'can't seem to stop them no way.
&/$&& They're as regular as Standard Oil
JL^JW- \ dividends. Take Schwab, for instants.
$5pSX H I spose if he's president of the steel
XI. A. Aqlfl trust forty-seven years from now the
»—^— MMI^^jz l same old rumor that is goin' to quit just
as soon as he signs the pay role one
more time will be goin' around. Sometimes I feel sorry
for Schwab, because he can't hardly help seein' that" the
wish must be father to the thot. It's a good deal like when
Lige Hammond was superintendent of our Sunday-school
here several years ago. .
He went to a horse race over in the next town one day
and got on a fearful spree. Ezra Harper seen him drtnkin'
a glass of beer and Lafayette Smith heard him offerin' to
bet four dollars on one of the races. It was like a clap of
thunder out of a clear sky, and him havin' been held up a3
a moddle for all the boys and a man of property. Judge
Miller was for callin' an indignation meetin' and adoptin*
resolutions, the Judge bein' strong on whercases, but the
preacher said we ought to think of his wife and children.
We all seen what a blow it would be to them, so we didn't
hold the meetin', thinkin' it would be better to just let him
resign quietly and try to live it down.
But lo and behold Lige was on hand the next Sunday
as big as you please and as tho nothin' had ever happened.
After Sunday-school was out several of us gathered at the
Judge's and talked the matter over. Finally, the preacher
thought of a plan, and that evening I went to Lige to
start it.
After we'd talked about the outlook for the crops and
things I savs:
' **Lige, I'm sorry to hear that about you goin' to re
sign."
"Resign from what?" says he.
"From being superintendent of the Sunday-school,*
says I.
"This is the first I've heard of it," says Lige.
"It's funny how these stories get started," says I.
"Everybody in town's been talkin' about it for a week."
"Lige," his wife said, "You must tell them next Sunday
that you never thought of doin' anything of the kind. It's
too bad to have the people worryin' about it so."
The next day Judge Miller met Lige at the postoffice and
said:
"I never was so sorry about anything in my life, but
everybody. admits that you deserve a rest, and it's no more
than right that some one else should shoulder the burden
awhile."
"What's wrong?" says Lige, lookin' anxious.
"Why, you resignin' from bein' the Sunday-school super
intendent," says the Judge. "I couldn't hardly believe it was
true when I heard about it first."
"I'd like to know how such a rumor ever got started,"
says Lige. ¦ "I wouldn't any more think of givin' up the
Sunday-school than I would of givin' up my wife."
"You don't know how it relieves me to hear you say
them words," the Judge told him. "Still I can't help reck
onizin' the fact that with your fundamental proclivities and
primordial juxtaposition it must be more or less of a bur
den to you, and as long as we couldn't expect you to bear
the responsibility for. ever, "i spose somebody else might be
broke in now 'as well as almost any other time. But think
it over and try to bear it a Sunday or two longer, anyway.
These are things people take easier if they come kind of
gradual."
A day or so after that the preacher called on Lige and
said he'd heard the news with deep regret and thought
Lige ought to of told him about it first.
Lige said there wasn't a word of truth in it, and he
couldn't sec for the life of him how the story ever got
started.
After that Lafe Smith and Orin Hitchcock and several
others went to him and told him they were sorry to hear it,
but they could understand how easy enough it was and
they didn't blame him a bit for wantin' a rest, and it was
no more than right that he should be relieved, only they
hoped he would feel like takin' hold again in a year or
two. When it had been goin' on that way for about three
weeks Lige got mad and said there must be some smoke
where there was so durn much fire, and if we wanted him to
git out he'd git! \
So I should think it would be the same with Schwab
after while, and some day he'll surprise the people by takin'
the hint and quittin*.
It's wonderful sometimes what talk'll do. There's that
grand young statesman Beveridge of Indiana. He got up one
mornin' a few months ago and rung the telephone. When
they connected hitr with the newspaper office he called for
he says to the reporter on the other end of the wire:
"Please say to the public that Senator Beveridge poti
tively declines to let his name be considered for the Vice
Presidency."
They dene it, but nobody thot much about it. So a few
days later he got another reporter and says to him: "I ap
preciate the high honor the people wish to confer upon me.
but I must positively decline to let this movement go on. I
will not be a candidate for the Vice Presidency in 1004."
When they published that two or three papers copied it
and somebody wrote a letter askin' the editor who started
the boom and why he done it. Then two or three people
that wanted to get appointed postmasters called on Bever
idge in a body one day and he ast them into his office and
made a solemn speech to them: \
"Gentlemen," says he, "I fully realize that your intentions
are noble and patriotic. President Roosevelt is a grand
young man with great possibilities before him, and I cannot
deny that it would be an honor to be on the ticket with him
in 1904, but I must positively decline to let my name be
considered in that connection."
They went away kind of awed and told their friends about
it. and in a little w hile lots of people .began to think if
Beveridge didn't want the place, he must be the right man
for it. So the boom commenced to spread, and there's no
tellin' where it'll stop if he just keeps on beggin' the Re
publican party not to thrust this high honor onto him
against his will.
Some people seem to think the Mark Hanna boom got
started in pretty much the same way. Nobody had heard
about it till Uncle Mark indignantly denied one day that he
wanted the nominashun. That kind of made a good many
people think that some able man from Ohio ought to lead
the grand old party to victory, and the first thing anybody
knew Uncle Mark could have had at least nineteen colored
delegates from the South on the first ballot. I have a high
opinion of Uncle Mark as a leader and a friend of the labor
ing man, but he has one faitle defect. He's rich. The peo
ple of this country refuse to believe that any man who has
got rich by his own efforts has the ability to be the chief
magistrate of the most glorious republic the sun ever shown
upon. Most of the men that get the job learn enough while
they're holdin' it to get rich afterwards, but that's different.
We are a free-born people, every man his own equal, and
we refuse to be ruled by a millionaire.
Yours for all that's comin* to me.
JEFFERSON DOBBS.do it. Tou know the sort of stuff John
Ballard is made of. Nell. He's not the
man to draw back from a risk." .
No; John Ballard was not that kind of
a man. But don't count on John, George
Harvey! Earlier in the day just such a
risk as this presented itself to John Bal
lard, and he dared it. Even as you are
speaking, the body of John Ballard, hero,
lies piled up with other debris, miles and
miles down stream. Heroism has already
paid Its price.
So the day wore away and the night
came down upon them thus; a night dark
and threatening, with no light save the
ghostly phosphorescence of the rushing
waters. With infinite . pains they lulled
the two boys to sleep, covering them as
well as they could with coat and dress,
but for themselves there was only tense
wakefulness. Tbe last thing tbe waning
light had shown them was that the water
was rising. It might reach them almost
any time now; the currents that bad
strangely divided and gone to either side
of them might at any moment swing to
ward them. But what could they do?
Nothing; nothing until daylight, anyway.
Tbe cold night wind chilled them to the
narrow and now and then Herman or
Henry, feeling it also through their scant
coverings, awoke to moan childishly.
"What a night it was! The wind wailin*
over them, the flood hissing and whisper
ing around them and, iartber away, roar
ing ominously. And the terrible thought
that out there in the darkness white faces
and stiffened hands were being whirled
past them, while nearer and nearer to
them tbe little, muddy waves were creep-
It was some time after midnight when
Nellie, changing ber position, felt the wa
ter. Involuntarily she cried out. "George!"
and then choked with fear. A little later
and a wave lapped up on the other side
of teem and they had to rise to their feet.
Beyond that sudden cry and the half
conscious whimperings of the wakened
"children nothing was said. It was not a
time for words. Three hours later the
water was ankle deep. By this time it
was light enough to «e, and God! what
a prospect! Nothing but water— a vast,
muddy flood raging to either side of them
and lapping up and eddying around their
feet. It was a good thing for them that
the currents were so far away from them;
and yet, this very iact precluded all hope
of their getting hold of anything to carry
them away. In the dim light they could
make out wreckage going by, but the
larger pieces kept ia the main current,
where there was no chance of their, get
ting to them. And was the current so far.
away? As the w&ter rose higher around
them would not the current follow?
At sunrise the water . had deepened . to
their knees. For hours now each had held
one of tbe children and already their arms
were aching. How proud they had been
that their two boys were so strong and
healthy! How gayly George had been
wont to toss them up of an evening,
weighing them by turn to see If they were
still twins! But now— would it not have
been better If they had not grown so rap-
Idly? "Would Ballard never come? Poor
Ballard!
Slowly the water deepened, and— yes, the
Ing up, preparing to drag them upder also.
George bent over bis wife quickly and
pressed a hot kiss on her forehead. "Don't
lose heart, dear; we're In & tight place,
God knows, but we'll get out of it. John
went down the river to warn others, but
he'll remember us and come back. It will
be a risky thing to try bringing a boat
across that current, but I think John will
"The water is still rising, George. I've
been watching that little bush down there
and it is covered now. Do you think Bal
lard will remember us, and try—to— save—
us?"
crouched on the ground, with her arms
about bis two boys, and felt as perhaps
some other husband and father felt in
tLat terrible day when "tbe waters pre
vailed exceedingly." and the hilltops were
the refuge of the outcasts. Indeed, there
was a fearful likeness between the two
situations. The flood, of which he had
been warned, had come; the arks on
which be bad depended bad floated away
out of reach; the hilltop on which be bad
taken refuge was gradually becoming
submerged. What would be the end?
V.*hat would be tbe end?
But he must not think of such things.
That was weak and foolish. They were
caught In a bad place, the water was
slowly making it a worse one. but there
was still hope. It was not probable that
the flood would reach the ground on
which they were; it was more likely that
it would begin to recede before it got that
bigh. They would suffer from hunger and
cold— ah, yes, they would suffer much
from those— but they would be able to
hold out until they were rescued or found
means to rescue themselves.
"And the waters prevailed exceedingly
rpen the earth and all the high bills that
wer* under the whole heaven were cov
ered."
Harvey glas«a at fcis wife, u the sat
b*insr tilled. Of little avail Is the puny
arm of rsan when Nature bu »«t free
one cf her great forces! •
Somewhere, iwept down stream alon*
with other wreckage great and email,
there was a heavily boend rolome who««
place had fcr >e*n been on the table In
Harvey's parlor. In that «tran*e eld
boclc there w M a description of another
Cood, aafl somehow, as Harvey looked out
over the wtiSerress of water, the bald
narrative cf the delate hammered itself
Into h!» brain. •
"O. Herman. look: Old ButTs going ts>
be drownded- Look. pap*. Jiirr.ma. look!
Car/t you eave poor BufT, papa?"
Nellie stooped ard put her arm around
tbe chGd and turned him away. "Look
over here, children.** she siid. "Isn't It
funny how the water waves those tree*
cut there? See how pretty it looks!"
Ar.d while the attention of the children
was fixed In that direction, Harvey saw
the bam wrenched from Its foundations;
raw old EzZ cake a short, desperate
f.irht Into tbe water, where he beat hla
winjrs for an Instant aad then dlsap
r r - : ' I and tbe next mooect barn asd
¦ !1 were rapidly polnr down the awtft
CTjrresr, part* of the bawi turning over
ar.<1 me: like great porpoises.
And so they watched all the fa-r^jar
Utf&ffS go. And a» they watched, elcwly
fcul ftjrr'.y the water crept higher aad
rJ?h?r around them. A river was now
rur.T^r.g or, either side of them— a wide,
angry riv»r whose «»1ft current* whipped
up a froth cf white waves and which car
ried ra*t them a constantly Increasing
burden of TiTeckage. Fences, barrels, por
tions of house*, logs, cp-rooted trees, and
o~ce — rood God!— something that locked
like the white face of a woman! Nellie
had not i-e^n that and Harvey was glad.
But he needn't have felt rratefnL for It
was net \nr.z before tach sights were
<nn:n3cn to both of them. The demon
of the fiood taust have his toll; he had
came forth f— .».• u-a his maw was
•* Y EHVOVS telegraph keys had beea
/ \ I clicking cut the warning Jor the
I \1 tact twenty hours to every town
V ar.d city for miles down the river;
rri. |at at dusk the dgbt be
fere. John Bt^lard, an c!d friend and
neighbor, bad ccine to item from the
nearest telegraph oCce with the latest
and nest £tsqn!stfas; repcrt.
"Tou'd better ret out to-night. Gcrrpe."
Ballarc had advised. **for the river is go
ing over its batiks ard the water is liable
to rea< h hew ar.y t!rne. We're all hep-
Ing tbe rlood won't be bad. but it's b«rst
to te en »he safe side."*
But George Harvey had laughed.
"Those c;>eratnrs up the river are a tit
renoaf. 1 think. You remember how
they Bphxttcred last year. John? We!'..
I have an id*>a it's- rrost'y splutter this
year. Eut I'll pet oat. John." seeing the
anxiety en hi* face, "tboegb I think to
racrrow wi!! te quite s'en enough."
To-nrcrrow! Man. the flood may be
here to-r.ight: If you have any sense at
all JfWfQ pet out at once. At least, s?rd
your wife tr safety and there two Messed
baby tv-y?. Hew /~!d did ycu say the
twins were? Five? Just think of them
frolng £?Trr.'. We!!. I've pot to warn the
fc'.'Ks further on. I'll come back this way
as scr. as I can to see if you're ail
rijrht."
Gt^rge Harvey :gr.cred the »-an:rr.
False a'.arnts hs<I crme to him many
tiires sir.^ he *?ttled in the river bottom,
and he felt that this m-as only another
one. So he went to be«i as usual, and
when. In the rray of early rnoming. he
was wakened by the strange r.cise-s t?t th«
flood, he ccu'.d hardly realize what it
njfant. But a look out cf the window
cleared his brain. The Good had come* Al
ready a swift current was running be
tween h!rn and the high lands, cutting off
esc*j>« in that direction. The barn, a
hundred yards array, was wholly sur
rounded, ar.d George noticed, in the brief
rUnce he took ia that direction, that old
Buff, the rocstcr. had taken refuge en
the ridge of it end was squawking ex
cite<3!y. As he caught \i^ his two boys
ard called to his wife he felt the house
creak and settle and knew by that that
the water \ras already eating at its foun
dation. When he reached th« ground Socr
he found two feet cf water, and as he
cj-eT.t-d -he back door it came in with
a rush that nearly took him off his feet.
Back of the house there was a low hill
ar.d to that they waded. It was but a
trr-all rise of land, but perhaps it would
hold them until Ballard cr soae cne else
could ccme with a bciat.
Ar.d there they huddled together and
wait* d. On the ether side of the hill was
enoth-r stream— they were on an island —
escape was cut off in all directions. One
by or.c they «aw the outhouses go. They
saw :l:eir nilch cews drown in tbe hlgn
corral, u-atle to snim out to freedom;
ard they knew that In the barn the
heroes were struggling with the same
fate. If they had only been turned loose
the night before!
Aye. George Harvey; but you failed to
tafct advantage of the warning. Many
ctrx ha.ve done that before; tnacy men
will do it after you; v and many men will
surer ar.d say. as yoy do. "if— ~
Slo-aly the water crept higher. The
acre cf dry land to which they had Sown
that E:crr.:-g was now but a half acre.
Th^ir hous* had gone— hours before. The
barr. tstHI stood, because it was broader
of base and more durably constructed.
tut even this ms beginning to waver and
settle. Harvey, turrlrg his eyes In that
direction presently, saw that the current
was sTTinstzg closer to it and knew that
it would not be ior.g before it would fol
low tte other buildings. "There goes the
bam. NcHie," he said, and even as be
rr*cke the current seemed to make a sud
den le*»j end throw itself against th<s
Iewer shed. A faint crackle of breaking
timbers came to thea and then the shed.
twinging around as on a pivot, broke
from the main building, turned side
ways in the water and xras borne away.
Thus weakened by the loss of a support
the main structure began to swing and
strain.
"But, Nellie, it is tho only thine to da.
By changing off we can hold one-up for
& Ions; time; long enough, perhaps,: to save
him. But if we try to hold up both— **
The woman was sobbing. She controlled
her voice with a mighty effort. , She look
ed cp with an unutterable agony in her
eyes, forcing a smile to her lips.
"Better that. George; better ws all go
together! Let us do that, Ueorge!"
For a moment the man wavered. TThy
not? If one must 'go. why not all? Thea
something— God alone knows what—
brought bis scattered forces together with
a rush and the union was "no."
, "Nellie, we can't do that- "We owe It the
the— the other cne not to. It is our duty.
sweetheart. We must give up one for the
sake of the other."
He turned his bead from her. unable ts>
endure the agony of her reproach, tight
ening his grip on the little legs that
hung over his breast, and whispered tnte>
the soul of the Infinite: "Christ: Deas
Christ! Forgive. I pray thee."
"No. no. George! My God. no!"
current i was coming -with It. Theiwoas
an's sUrts were polled gently backward.
and the man felt It also. And now the
first tangible hope came. Far cp the
stream a big piece of wreckage was ap
proaching. It was a portion of a house.
and It Coated like a raft. With their
souls in their eyes they watched It; with!
tbelr souls In their eyes they prayed tor
It. Would it keep to the middle, of the
stream and so pass beyond their reach?
Or would It b« forced oTer the drtft tat*
the quieter water? They felt that all de
pended on the drifting of that 'piece- of
wreckage. If it passed them— God only
knew! Swiftly it came down to where
the two currents divided. Squarely at the
division point it struck, buns there for the
flickering of an eyelash and then— swung
into the culeter water! "Thank God:**
exclaimed Harvey, and felt like shouting.
h ale's hand is still on that bit of wreck
age, and see! the right hand current
catches at It. misses, catches at It again.
and now it swings out once mora and Is
drifting rapidly down stream.
And so bope came to them, tantalized
them for a few excruciating moments and;
then left them weak and shaken.
But the worst was to come. : At Har
vey's suggestion they had set the children
astride of their necks that the weight of
them might bear on their shoulders and
thus be longer borne. The little fellows
did not fret much, in spite of their loss
of sleep, their hunger and the cold. But
tha weight of them! Unable to eass them
selves cf their burden even for a moment.
with the water new nearly up to their
waists and bavins to brace themselves
against a constantly Increasing current.
both parents felt that It would not be
Ions before they would have to give up.
If they could but charge their positions;
IX they could only ease themselves of their
burdens for one moment. But neither
thins could be done, unless
The grim gods of - torture- may know
something of tha ordeal through which
George Harvey went to reach the decision
of speech; but no human being can hajre
more than a vague idea of it. unless. Iff •
George Harvey, he has gone through; it.
To give one child that the other might be
saved! '.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
7
THE PARENTS' DILEMMAThe waLjt -was plain, in.- Lh£ middle of
the "front." with a. buucuof:lltUe-plalts at
A very pretty shirt waist suit was re
cently sent hom<* to Miss Alice Roosevelt.
Its material, •which was a linen stuff, was
in a *hade of blue bordering on turquols?.
The skirt was plain down the front, but
was laid in side plaits at each side of the
front, tlio plaits pointing away from the
front. At the back there was a wide box
plait. . ¦ ¦ .' , •"• > '¦ •'- ¦
The, plaits wore.T*le.»i»ed about at the
knees, and round the skirt there was laid
r very wide bnrjd'of ! ace,. '•which was
ft itched flat. Through the middle of this
lace there was run a 'black ribbon.' which
could be pulled out whe.ji ' the dress was
cleaned. Another wi^e band of lacr went
around thn bottom of the skirt and I hero
was a ribbon through the. band' of lace
also. - • ' .... ., . •
Paneling, which !s so much in style, is
used unon skirts, and waist, and lace
panels, panels of tucking and panels of
trimming of all ktnds, are seen upon the
skirt and repeated upon the waist.
Miss Roosevelt's Suit.
' One of the pretty features of the shirt
waist suit is its skirt, vrhich. instead of
showing the plain features cf the tailor
made, is usually very much trimmed and
always to match the waist. If there be
lace upon the waist the\-e will be lace
upon the skirt, and if the skirt has its
trimmings of ribbon or velvet, or cord
ing, or what not. th? waist v.-ill be sure
to show the same features.
For those who like a plainer skirt there
is the skirt that is made plain with two
tucks running down the front about six
inches apart. These tucks are about threa
inches wide and are stitched fiat, 60 that
they 1 , somehow, resemble panels. There is
no other trimming upon the skirt and the
skirt depends for its beauty upon the foot
flare, which is managed by cutting the
skirt wide just around the foot.
There are various ways of cutting the
skirt wide so that it will flare, one of
these being the very simple one of making
the breadths wider at the foot. But there
are other ways, and one is the old expedi
ent of setting in side plaits, and another
is the fan method, which Is still the
vogue with lace and other fine material
used in th«» fans.
A crest many women do not like the
gathered ekirt, nor the plaited skirt, as
they feel as though such a skirt made the
hips larger. But there are certain slender
figures that can wear this sort of Ekirt
to advantage. For those to whom It is
becoming the gathered hip yoke is charm
ing, for it is new and stylish and shows
off the material well.
The Skirt Question.
which she covers irith lace. Still another
sun plaits the whole skirt from the belt
down to the floor.
Building the Suit
The Ekirt of the shirt waist suit is cut
very tnodishly and Is up to date in every
respect. It is tucked or shirred, as the
suit requires, and It is made to n't the
figure as sr.ugly as fashion may dictate.
Thus the shirt waist Fuit Is very much
In the fashion, and iit the same time is
very comfortable.
There Is enothcr point in favor of the
ehirt W2ist suit, and this la that it can be
made at home, which Is an economical
consideration.
The o'd-faFhloned suit, which we used
to call a "costume," cannot be made at
home very well, for It is so tailored, or
to very much b*-trimni«rd, that it requires
the hand of a professional. But with the
ehirt wattt suit it i? different, and any
woman with a fev.- yards cf batiste and
a little lare for trimming can make a
ehirt waist and skirt to match and be
very sure that her work wiil come out
well.
The proper cut for the skirt depends
upon circumstances, upon the material.
upon one's Individual preferences and
upon tli" fijrure of the woman who is go
in;? to wear !t. . i
In these days, when skirts are made all
sorts of wavs. it is difficult to lay down
en exnet rule for the. skirt of a shirt
¦waist suit, .for to many different modes
arc now in usp.
A rule • which covcrns a certain v»ry
fa.«hlon&W«» modiste Is. that the material.
if It be thin, phall be shirred or gathered
around the hips. She runs many lines of
shirring from the belt down to th» hips.
Below this thr: skirt liangs as plain as
po.-f-Hjie to the fuot. where it flares by
moans cf cunningly ••ontrived ruffles.
Another modiste- lays ber skirts in sun
plfcits and flta the plaits t© ' a^ lzlp yoke.
But the ehirt waist suit of the present
srason is a compromise between the two
styles, and if you will gaze upon it a mo
ment you will eee that it combines all the
desirable traits of the shirt waist without
parting with any of the dressiness of the
•so-called "costume."
The shirt waist has a neat little waist
with ,« blouse front or a semi-blouse
front Its neck is provided with a nice
little adjustable collar or stock. There Is
* very pretty little belt or girdle to wear
¦with it, and the waist is trimmed in some
youthful fashion to bring out the yoke or
to show tlie nice straight lines which
make any waist so graceful on the figure.
There was something of a prejudice,
too. against the full cloth costume, for it
made a woman's figure look heavier and
It had certain features which were not
adapted to daily wear. Then. too. unless
cf the most expensive type, it was not
chle, and without this queer little French
quality no suit is admirable.
THE most popular dress of th» year
is the shirt waist cult. Never has
¦ay other article taken as strong a
hold upon feminine fancy as this.
. _».:5<J cescrvedly does It win its high
place, iurf because of its merits does it
hold iis own through all fashion's fickle
changes.*
The shirt waist suit solves the complex
problem of the separate waist, which; was
rot quUe dre^sr enough for nice occa
sions, and the full pult costume, which
was too pretentious and too expensive for
genera! wear.
The shirt waist suit is a pleasant com
promise between the black skirt and the
colored shirt waist and the full costume,
which lacked jauntiness and was more
for mature figures than for fresh young
iorms.
each side of the front panel. Then came
wide sleeves bagging over the long tight
cuffs, and there wa3 a little shoulder cape
of blue linen with a shorter cape falling
over it. Both capes were trimmed with
ribbon and were buttoned upon the waist
with big white pearl buttons.
The girdle was a wide^rushed band of
linen folded around the .waist and "brought
down to a low point in the middle of the
front. - : .'...' • : =' ¦-- ¦ " ¦ * V
A shirt waist suit, intended for a Wash
ington girl, is made of ecru ' cotton goods
highly mercerized. The skirt lias ' the
tiniest tucks around the belt, alt laid in
pin clusters, while below these little tucks
the skirt stretches away in one unbroken
sweep to the very tip of the demi train.
Around the foot of the skirt there is a
little trimming in heavy white insertion
laid upon bands of deep blue cotton goods.
The waist has its trlmfng of lace on banas
of blue, it tucks and its plain unbroken
lines of bust and sleeve.
The Shoulder Trimmings.
While a great many of the shirt waist
snlts preserve the features of the' shirt
waists in that they have a simple little
waist with a skirt ;to match;*? '«*' great
many of them are made elaborately' with
shoulder trimmings.
And of all the shoulder trimmings none
1s as popular as the shoulder cape. This
is made of lace and Is as deep - as the
shoulders, and a little deeper, falling over
the upper arm.
This deep lace shoulder capa comes in
?ery nice lace and costs & little fortune.
But you can buy it la Um cheaper laces
and. then, it can be had for very little.
It dresses up a short waist suit wonder
fully and makes it seem more fit for
street wear. More than this, the lace
shoulder cape is warm, for lace has a
warmth of its own. and It can be thrown
around one In driving or sailing, or on
cool evenings. It thus becomes a useful
as well as a picturesque article of dress.
But the lace shoulder cape can be made
somewhat newer if it be trimmed. Ona
way of treating these lace capes is highly
approved by modistes. They take a lac*
cape that comes down well over the
shoulder seams and line it with liberty
to match the suit. The cape is now quite
a pretentious little article of dress and
can be worn Instead of a coat tr need be.
Capes that consist of bands of insertion.
each band sewed separately upon ribbon,
are sewed together and thrown around
the shoulders. They are deep enough to
give the Ions slop* to the shoulders, and
so.' they go a greatway toward creating
the fashionable figure. _.,,«.
There. 13 a- shoulder cape that Is nxad»
'of C ruffles and . ruchings* of chiffon, laid
upon a, foundation, with little ruffles of
lace set in between the niching* of chif
fon. These are very airy looking and very
comfortable on a cool day. They can be
cut with Ions graceful stoles and can be
caught under the chin with a wide- hand
some pin. The hat must, of course, matca
this cape. _*•-«-
The object of the shoulder trimming, or
the lace cape, upon the shirt waist Is to
make the shoulders look drooping. Any
thing that will accentuate the shoulder
line Is to be desired and the cape certainly
does this. But, at the same time. It has
a tendency to make the figure a little
mature, so that the woman who is going
to wear anything of this kind must be
sure that it Is a very short cape, not
one that falls to the waist line, which is
a very ugly length.
All sorts of shoulder capes, and capes m
all sorts of conditions, are being worn
and you can scarcely go amiss In making
such an article of dress if you will fit
It to your shoulders and fasten it in front
with lonr ends.
The foulard shirt waist suits are so
pretty and so capable of varied treat
ments that one cannot make a mistake
In purchasing foulard for the purpose of
making up one of the suits. Foulard has
the great advantage over most other ma
terials of being a dressy fabric, as well
an one intended for daily use, and it can
be made up so that it Is good enough for
a. bride's gown for a midsummer wedding
or plain enough for marketing.
A July bride is to wear a cream foulard
traveling dress, picked out with tiny pink
blossoms and trimmed with pink silk
lawn. Her hat is a turban shape, cover
ed with arbutus dowers, and her parasol
is pink, her gloves white.
Another very dressy foulard Is made In
cream color ground with blue flowers
scattered over.it. The trimmings in this
case are bands of silk, bands of Irish
crochet and bands of Valenciennes, the
three lacy trimmings being used alter
nately around the skirt. This foulard
suit, which is a shirt waist suit, has a
wide box plait down the front of the
ekirt. There Is a box plait in the mlddla
of the back of the waist and another in
the middle of the back of the skirt. Tha
bo* in every case is covered with lace.
"What kind of a hat to wear with a
shirt waist suit 13 a question which agi
tates many a woman. But to this she
can reply that any kind of a bat can be
becomingly worn.
The day of the severe tailored hat
•aema to have gone by and a woman can
•wear any hat that is becoming to her
without regard tu the character of her
Cown,. u .
THE SUNDAY CAIili.
THE NEW DRESS SHIRT WAISTSUNDAY CALL
WOMEN AND CHILDREN'S SECTIONBut by rubbing always In one way there
Is no occasion for this trouble and as
Get a email, stiff brush, one that costs
10 cents will serve, and dip it into the
water and scrub lightly on the soiled
part. Always rub In the same direction.
There is the very heart of the secret. It
etands to reason if you crumple and rub
a lit of mtfa the silk will part and show
great streaks and nothing that you can
do will remedy it in the slightest. The
chasms, and they look fully as large, will
yawn and almost seem to mock you un
til in sheer desperation off comes the* lid
of the stove and Mr. Ribbon has depart
ed to other worlds.
Don't uFe the water too hot. yet plenty
warm enough to create fine suds, for. the
soap is never rubbed directly on the rib
bons as it fs too hard to get out without
rubbing vigorously.
Drop' the various colors in and then take
hold of both ends, if you ca»j reach them,
and gently move the hands up and down
allowing the soapy water to follow your
movement! and thoroughly soaking the
ribbon, linen one in turn is subjected to
like treatment, and by the time they
have been in the warm water for five mln
utts about half the blemish has disap
peared, and what is left will quickly fol
low mft with little or no trouble.
If you chance to have a marble-topped
t&Me ' use it for a scrubbing board, al
though an ordinary board covered with
white oilcloth will answer to all intents
and purocsei quite a* well. Dripping,
put the ribbon on the table, perfectly flat
ard take particular care to 6ee that no
creases are allowed to wiggle themselves
in. for ence there they seem decidedly
unwilling to depart v.lt.tiout a struggle.
Jf lira bat k.cw it. there Isn't any
earthly Uhe why such a neckband should
be relegated to the scrap bag. Fold them
up and wait for some morning when it is
raining or when vou have nothing else to
do and then take a careful survey of ev
erything you possess in the collar line.
The :irst thine to do Is to sort out all
ribbons according to color. Never trust a
red near a pink or a blue in the same
bowl with a white, for even if the color
faded but a wee bit the white would never
look as clean as before, and in such small
matters it pays to look to the conse
quences.
Ribbons, as everybody is well aware of.
cost a great deal, and at the best a white
or a delicate blue or pink can be worn
but twice or three times and they are
ready to be discarded, not because Milady
in all her daintiness and prettiness has
given it li.'.rd wear, but because the fric
tion of h^r scft "skin makes a tiny dark
lir.e across its satin face and takes away
the newness.
DO vou know how to make "the
awld look a'most as weel's the
new"? If not, there is another
trick that is yours for the mere
reaching out of your hand and
you will find that it is ace high.
It is the trick of washing soft ribbons
ar.<l silks, a decifiedly good thing to know
at all times of the year, but warranted a
fire money saver on warm days, when the
beauty of your frock depends largely
upon its freshness and crlspness.
The wash chiffon furbelows that entice
every woman as she shops are a snare
and a delusion so far as ordinary washing
goes, and who in this world would will
ingly stick her nose outside her own home
with a bedraggled, specimen of past glory
staring everybody in the face? Chiffon
and mouFsellne simply cannot be rubbed.
They seem to resent every stroke and
shrivel up until you will almost need a
spyglass to find a fair-sized piece.
But they can be dipped, and. what Is
more, moderately successfully. Take pip.
ing hot water, .fairly bubbling over with
good soap euds. and drop the collarette
into it Raise.it slowly a few times and
Satin is the hardest of all to manage
successfully. It curls and twists In such
an undignified manner that a warm— not
hot, mind you— Iron is nearly always used
for the finishing touches.
When there is Juft the faintest suspicion
of dampness left, lay a towel over the rib
bon and press it firmly on the wrong side
until all its former gloss and smoothness
have returned, and your task is finished
for one morning.
After you have tried, it once you will
find that it really isn't half as much
bother as it sounds, and while it takes the
best part of a forenoon you are practi-*
cally in just about enough. to buy a new
pair of boots, which is not to be sneezed
at. ""¦•.:. ¦
Wringing has no place in the cleansing
of anything perishable. It tears, twists
and always manages to leave some signs
of damage in its wake.
.With an ordinary ribbon you T can
smooth out what few creases there are
with your fingers, working with it as it
dries, and in this way it is soft and 'easy
to manage, although it soils easier and
frequents the tub' more often.
With a good-sized towel take up all the
water you can and pin the ribbon fast to
anything that will hold, the .window sill
or the table cloth If nobedy. is looking,
and go over it again, being careful not to
crease the edges more than is absolutely
necessary.
Don't let it drop. Maybe you have a
wash silk waist or a frock that was your
hobby until it paid a peeded visit to Mr.
Frenchman and that came home to you
fresh and crisp, bul with a row of tiny,
nasty streaks right down the middle of
your back. That waist dripped, so take
warning.
much water and elbow grease may be
used as is necessary. And speaking of
soap reminds me— never use a common
kitchen preparation for anything soft and
dainty. In the first place, it is usually
a dirty yellow and silk seems to discolor
if it has the 'least excuse, it makes no
difference whether it is plausible or not.
Rather try a white soap, and if there
i*n't any in the house resort to your next
door neighbor's pet -violet soap. You
might as well do it up in brown fashion
while you're at it, you know.
Then comes the rinsing. Perfectly clear
warm water is best, although for white
a few drops of bluing may be used, but
hardly enough to tint the water. Rinse
just as vou wet the ribbon In the first
place and b« sure that all the soap is out
or else it will be sticky and unpleasant
to wear.
If any of your frills are hopelessly soil
ed and can't be worn any more, stick
them in the tub and see what happens.
If you are careful nine out of ten times
you will feel amply repaid, for unless a
color runs, and materials are getting bet
ter every year, you may don your finery
and sally forth to conquer the world.
A woman recently wrote to the fashion
department to know exactly the meaning
of the term shirt waist suit. To this It
can be replied that the shirt waist suit
is in two parts. It is made of one kind
Take this same "water" atarcu, very
t.iin and try it. Just as soon as the waist
• Is dry enough to iron do it, for the results
are much better and If there is half a
chance for any rust to find its way- there
rest assured It will greet yr- eye on all
*. occasions and somehow a great yellow
block does not send the feelings flying to
high G.. . w
By the way, starch is a great help in
washing all kinds of silk*, particularly a
white silk wash waist. After they have
left the tub they are beautifully white
and clean, but' they always show marked
signs of the laundry. Their tiny bit of
stiffness is gone and with It has vanished
the new look.
then use other water, for as there is no
rubbing you are depending entirely upon
the cleansing properties of the water.
Of course every particle of stiffness will
wilt, but that is easily remedied by dip
ping the collar into what Is called a wai
ter starch, which, by the way, is no dif
ferent from ordinary starch, only much
more water is used and it Is very thin.
Do not forget In planning your shirt
waist suit that there must be harmony
throughout and that, if the suit fit and
If the colors match, the battle Is fought
and the victory la won. »«"*«*
A popular hat has its feather attached
to one side of the brim, usually the lifted
side, and the feather i 3 then trained
around across the frtfnt. around the hat
and down the back so that it falls off tho
hat ;». T u a . S ca an aln >°st classic line
to the hat.
Then with the shirt waist suit there Is
the sweeping licit, the picture hat the hat
that is lifted at one .sMa and trimmed
with a long graceful plume, the GainJ
borough— all pretty to wear.
With a shirt waist suit the prettiest hat
is a little ready-to-wear hat of wire,
trimmed, with little rucbings and fold3 of
silk muslin, or moline. or chiffon. These
little hats come all In red and are very
smart indeed. Again you find them all in
white, and again all In black. They are
admirable any way, and since they arc so
cheap, a woman can have two or three,
or may be more, in a season.
Charming are the embroideries this sea
son, and the girl who would own «n em
broidered gown needs only a needle, some
embroidery thread and a pattern. In a
short time she can own a gown that v!cs
with the nicest and most expensive to ba
had.
The matter of laundry bills Is a serious
one for the woman of the season. A
party of young women who bought their
wardrobes early in the season without re
gard to possible laundry work are now
Indulging in what they are pleased to
call gasoline afternoons. They take af
ternoons because the gasoline ignites at
night. On a certain day a week they
gather together their fine organdie, lace
and thin cambric and taffeta waists and
wet them in gasoline. Then they soap
them well and wash them out thoroughly
in the gasoline. Then comes the airing
and the pressing. It is only a hint, but a
suggestive one, for the woman who would
be fashionable. -?» ¦ :
Women who travel ar* now wearing
separate waists and these can now b*
carried, all snugly folded, as a man car
ries bis shirts. They should be in groups
of threes. There should be three cheviots
for knockabout and for dally travel.
There should be three pretty thin checks
or lawns for afternoon and for very hot
day wear.
There should be three whits waists.
heavy and made of linen and duck, and
canvas. These are to bo worn as much
as possible, for the traveler looks very
neat in a fresh white duck waist, and if
there are men In her party she will find
that they are very fastidious In the mat
ter of a -roman"3 appearance.
And. finally, there should be three nlca
waists, one a low necked shirt waist for
evening dances, etc: a nice lace waist for
formal diners, and a very nlca taffeta
shirt waist for cooler nights. One dozen
shirt waists of this variety will carry the
most - elegant traveler through three
months in train and boat. • ¦ *
of material and may or may not b«
trimmed with another. It can be a wash
able suit or It need not be such. Th«
waist or upper part la cut as a blouse,
that Is slightly pouched In the front with
a fitted back. Its collar and sleeves can
be of fashionable shape. Ths skirt
matches the waist and can be cut In any
way that Is most becoming. This Is,
roughly, what constitutes a shirt waist
suit.
THE SUNDAY CALIi.
10
THE TRICK OF WASHING
RIBBONSthe chznb a cheap price. There you Iftok
over the head of Chinatown, of the com
mercial district, of the shipping. There,
with the dty and the water and the
cities beyond the water for their pros
pect, tea women and girls sketch the
world beneath them.
For they are all artists, the«e merry
ten, and they need no other studies than
the. ones offered at Sopfcie Terrace. They
could sit in revolving chairs and paint
for the rest of their lives without ever
moving the chairs from their original
spots. On the one hand the world and
the water; on the other, the weather
stained, rickety old buildings backed by
a Jungly mass of green and clambered
over by eucb wanton greens and pinks and
crimsons as only California can produce.
In one of the old houses the Scratch
Club makes headquarters when It at
tends to the more serious business of ex
hibiting its sketches and serving formal
And the elect Is measured much by
quality and very little by quantity. Only
ten active members keep Sophie Terrace
still a part of active San Francisco life.
Twenty-five only, including honorary
members, have a riKht to name them
selves of* this uniaue club. When enter
tainments are given, then some outsiders,
blessed of the gods, are Initiated into the
mysteries of that dark entrance.
In the heyday of San Francisco's youth
this high cpot. back of the Grace Church
of to-dai-, was not only lofty from the
standpoint of sea level, but from that of
society as welL On that point which
overlooks the great eastern sweep of wa
ter seme of San Francisco's smart set
built themselves homes and lived luxuri
ously in the dory of '52. It was Mr.
fisher's wife Sophie tor whom the ter
race was named, and for years after the
city had transformed itself all around him
the old man clung to the home of associa
tions. A Btep below two charming homes
were swung out like hanging gardens over
the edge of nowhere. These belonged to
the two editors of our first paper, tha
.Aita. and the MaeCrellisn entertainments
In that picture of a place were famons
half a century aeo.
The houses stand side by side and In
front of them Is a broad platform t>"»*
•tretefces like a gallery of the dry's the
ater. Xt Is by a devious way of rickety
*ta!rs that you ascend to this wtmderful
giiltry. and when you reach It jrou fan
PERCHED high over the heads of
pasaers-by. hanging to one of the
highest cliff walls in this city of the
modern cliff dwellers, decked with
flowers and tradition and girls—
that Is the Scratch Club's aerie.
In all 1fr*« city of pictures there Is not
one that compares with this. You have
passed it« rickety entrance a hundred
times, and, unless you are of the elect.
you have never suspected its presence.
Tou nave walked innocently down Pine
street as it approaches the dingy drabs
of Chinatown's walls and you have never
known that you were as a fly crawling
to these lofty Scratchers— unless you were
of th« elect.
BT BAT**** COMSTOCJC.
When the morning's labors were over
the lunch was announced and tho club
turned housewife as one woman. Out from
a dapper little cupboard came tea and
cups and plates. The lunch boxes were
opened and an array of good things was
spread outdoors In such an air as would,
have shamed a confirmed dyspeptic Into
an appetite. And If you were ever served
in such s place with such a lunch sauced
and seasoned by such a company, your
teacup toast must be, "May the Scratch
Club live to make merry when tie cos*
tumes of 1303 shall be antique."
On the sunny Wednesday morning that
X happened up there a row of umbrellas
greeted mo, lined up along the railing of
the terrace. Miss Downing was the first
sketcher in the row. She was studying a
mass of pink geraniums against a dark
wall and she was so absorbed that any;
one might have walked off with her gay
Japanese umbrella. Miss Daisy Klttredga
was trying to make out whether a sun
dappled old chimney was light or dark
against the green and after much consul
tation It was decided to be both. Miss
Jean Beach was struggling with a vista
of glittering city and water beyond. Mrs,
Goodrich ' was almost lost to view be
hind the tilt of her umbrella, but aha
was evidently hard at It Ths others
worked and chattered, while Tommy, the
great tawny cat who, as club mascot,
considers himself scratcher In chief,
moved critically about from sketch ta
sketch. '
"Once we attended a Jinks all dressed t»
live up to our nicknames." one of them
told me. "I was always called 'Ah Sid'
because I used 'to, wear a big Chines* hat
when I went sketching In Monterey. An
other of the girls was Trilby because sh«
had posed once for her feet. Ob, thos«
costumes— weren't they wonderful V It
takes no more than an allusion Ilk* this)
to bring chuckles from under every um
brella.
The largest affair was the costume par*
ty at which they tried to reproduce a So
phie Terrace affair, of '52. Guests arrived
to find their fair hostesses dressed as be
fitted the ladles of '52; and they were
served to seed cakes and Banbury tarts.
"I can't make out whether I'm dream-
Ing or whether the calendar really has
been moved back half a century." was ths]
great compliment of a pioneer guest.
The only caricature exhibition that this
city has ever seen was held In their oozy
rooms. Mrs. Hardlsty's keen sense of hu
mor found full vent In this, and the others
worked In harmony. The catalogue was
kept as a souvenir by many of our well
known artists, who thought It great fun
to see themselves "Joshed." One picture
was listed as "After JoulUn. the Mexican
Pottery Vender." (We do not Intend to
Infer that the lady In the picture Is after
Mr. Joullln). Another which Mr. Latl
mer did not mind at all was. "Let him,
ma, Maxln County Redwoods. Spare that
tree, touch not a single bough— old Poem."
Peter's moonlight was made by pi««»*™g
a lamp behind a hole above a toy house.
Under "Cameo In Red" was the explana
tion, "The artist's wife Is trying to pos«
as If she were used to the lap of luxury,
but her anxious expression shows that
¦he's thinking of tho dinner she has ta
get." Another number was "William thm
Conqueror. The discovery of the out
skirts of San Francisco by Mrs. Casey's
goat. This was painted for a competition,
but never entered the contest, as It was
seen and snapped up for an Immense sum
by the California Society of Historical
Research." Others named are mentioned
as "pot boilers and all sold, but not so
much so as the people who bought them.**
But when the club Is not given over to
hilarity like this Its main room shows
some striking studies made by Its clever
members. There are bits of the old Ter
race Itself framed on the walls, and
views of the city beyond. An especially
good sketch of the ramshackle entrance
Is by Miss Kate Thomson, the president.
When the summer comes with its wiles
and even Sophie Terrace feels shut In, -
the members often wander oft Into th«
great open world beyond. Several or
them took a Monterey cottage one* and
spent all their time between meals under
umbrellas. . Another outing was at L&ka
Tahoe. They have wandered and camped
together in the true spirit of rood
fellowship. <
The place Is an Ideal one for giving any
sort of a party. With Sophie Terrac*
for a background, there have been some
of the prettiest scenes ther* that any
original and enterprising members of ths>
fair sex ever treated one to. There bav«
been amateur plays, written by Miss Lucia
Thomson: there have been all kinds of
clever exhibitions and there : . have been
Jinks galore, although only the ten of the
Inner circle know what those Jinks may
be. Even the honorary members are ex
cluded when BophU Terrace -sees thessj
high revels.
Although the chief purpose of this dub
Is "to develop the study of art practi
cally," It also Intends "to create a sodal
and artistic atmosphere." and It attends
to the sodal atmosphere In the most orig
inal ways. Any one who has had thm good
fortune to be Invited to a Scratch Club
entertainment knows that.
herself to that most sensitive of an •*-
gans— the pocketbook. and by bleeding
them at that source endeavor to coaster
act the lethargy which threatens ts> de
stroy them. Experience has proves ***ii
'remedy to be a great restorer of the ap
preciations of VALUES. Duty one* again
assumes Its proper and prominent PLACE
IN THE FOREGROUND and tho TONB
of the subject Is much Improved.**
The Chief High Light Is the presiding
officer. Others are Reflected Light. Fore
ground, Crayon, Color Schemer, Eraser,
Color-Box. Varnish and the Masses. These
offices are to be held for life, although
others may be added.
In the "Points of light** yon may learn
that "the membership shall consist of tw*
classes, viz: life and ornamental •till life.
The life, or lively members, shall consist
of those who are working on art. All
those who are Interested In the club and
wish to be exhibited with It. but not a»
lively members, shall constitute tie orna
mental still life." • r
tea. Bat If yon are railed upon by for
tune and the merry members, you may
find yourself a truest at one of Its own
outdoor luncheons served picnic fashion
In the front scats of the roofless gal
lery.
A Wednesday never passes that the
active members do not gather to sketch
and to criticise each other's work and ac
cept each other's criticisms In Spartan
style, "No knocking" Is an unwritten law;
you can say anything to the other fel
low's face, but nothing behind her back.
It takes two years of probation for any
one to become a member and during that
period there Is much to be learned.
The "by-laws" of these original artists
are^ announced as. "bought with expe
rience." The second, on the subject of
fines, reads:
"When the Chief High Light finds that
the members are appearing to lose their
fine sense of duty or obligation, she will
endeavor (for* their good) to REFORM
them and DRAW THEM OVER to a
PROPER SENSE OF "VALUES.- If heart
to heart talks reveal a lack of sensitive
ness in that organ she must then address
THE 8TXNDAT CALL.
THE BUSY "SCRATCH"
CLUBBCHRIS COX, FOR FIFTEEN YEARS A SECRET SERVICE DETECTIVE IN CHINATOWN AT ITS WORST.
well, these two drawbacks were of
treat benefit to the assassins in facilitat
ing their escape, especially as their coun
trymen are not prone to assist the officers
in making captures. Blackmail was rife,
and to protect themselves the merchants
¦were obliged to import what we call high
binders or fighting men. The latter acted
as bodyguards to their employers, and in
the course of time these bad ra«m began
killing each other. This precipitated fall-
Ings out between the different tongs, or
societies, and a war of extermination be
gan in those years gone by and has con
tinued more or lees to the present day.
"William Glennon was my associate at
the time cf tny retirement from active
work some nine years ago. I believe that
we had cleared out Chjnatown fairly well
of the most desperate characters. \V«
kept track of all the gunnghters imported
ae bodyguards and this lessened difficul
ties in capturing our quarry when kill-
Ing occurred. B y
keeping posted eb to
"when prisoners were
liberated from the
penitentiary we wer*
able to have them
deported to China
through the Federal
courts. The exodus
that way and the
hanging of a tew
caufr <: their number
gradually to dimin
ish. The increased
police force and
prtsf nt detective
»>ervice haw kept up
that w«rk with such
zeal that the h.gh
binder* lot is not
the happy one of a
uuaru-r of r century
ago
I iccaU many inci
dents illustrative of
the acutPTi*-se- and
during cf the mur
derers and thieve*
we. had to fieht. It
was «c:th **¦ much
as a man't ::fe not
.» ke<^p his ey?s
wide ":i«-n wh*>n li?
etepped into the (.'hi
nt se quarter. Of
cours*, we were
spotted by the or ru-
Jr.a> z u 6 rewards
w»re « pon oui heads.
We w«»r«? aware of
this and or» method
of protection I ob
fc*r\'e<l in thus* <iav«"
lias betome xtcond
nctur* to me now
that al! dMncei is
patted, a- ! r.m do
longer an object of
f«-ar to the h!gb
binders. I uin.cn-
BCiousiy step into
doorways « hen
meeting and chat
ting- with friends on
the etrcet. In th«
olden t'mes this wt«« a necessary pre
caution, as the housetops al] over China
town were fortified with rice bags full
of bricks, said bags and bricks being there
to drop on the heads of the'poflce/
Glennon and I got so that we generally
made a tour of the housetops first be
fore going about our usual tour. We
would gather the bricks and do the drop
ping ourselves Into alleyways and back
yards. That was safer and more to our
liking.
-There are few subterranean passages In
Chinatown, but the houses are honey
combed in a most puzzling fashion. It Is
cafe to say that a man can enter a bouse
on any alley and traverse forty other
dwellings above the ttcond floor, landing
.When I first got among these villains
the great difficulty was to distinguish one
from another. It is a common thing to
hear people eay they all look alike. It
took many years before I could familiar
ise myself with their features, and during
fifteen years that I hounded the rascals
up and down dark passageways, by cellar
and by housetop, I learned but a smatter
ing of thr.ir Jargon.
A Chinaman has an utter disregard for
the life cf a fellow being and he has an
abnormal greed for money. As a conse
quence xve have seen scores of ta-.t - v »;
down in the dark by m«n who may or
may not have been captured later and
who slew their victims for a few paltry
dollars.
] BELIEVE that crime In Chinatown
Is on tha decrease.
Perhaps that sounds like a bold
statement to you who read of mur
ders and robberies and feuds In the
Oriental quarter. But if you hark back a
few years— say twenty-five— and recall
what Chinatown was then, you will see
the change.
About a quarter of a century ago I
made a minute sjid complete study of
that quarter when, in the capacity of de
tective. I was assigned by Chief of Police
Crowley to secret service in and about
Chinatown. # For some years prior to that
I bad been performing similar duty
among the whites, but I found little com
munity of Ideas and methods between the
criminals cf the two races.
o'clock, as she was preparing her bus
band's breakfast, they, entered the place,
gagged their, victim,* and. passing her out
through the window, ' bundled her into a
hack bound for South San Francisco. She -
was to be sold to people in the interior
when Corporal 'Avon and I rescued her.
About the reward offered for our. heads.
This fellow, Wong,' Kit's partner.' was the ,
first I heard 'of as being bent on deliver
ing the goods. He had many suspicions di
rected toward him, but nothing substan
tial upon which I could bring him before
the court and secure *a. conviction. This
was prior to the kidnaping case*" Wong
saw me about as soon as I saw him, and®
a race began that nearly cost me my life."
Up he darted into one of the "get away" '
passages and I after him. We were so'
close that he had to take to the roofs in
stead of the corridors, in which he might
easily have given me 'the slip. I thought
I bad him on the last roof, but there was
a parapet a foot high upon which rested a
plank leading to the house on the other
side of the alley. Wong took to this in
elegant shape and got to the other house
before I could reach him. I was running
at a good, gait and was going to follow
him when he reached down and pulled in
his end of the plank. It went crashing
to the pavement below and I caught my
self barely In time to avoid doing the
same
We sent "th« window ,sraasher" to San
Quentin for fourteen years and later to
his home in China. It's hard to remem
ber these fellows" names; Tim Baln
brige, 1 suppose, with his phenomenal
memory, is about the only man to do
that. The- "smasher" never did hia work
excepting on the eve of the departure of
In looking over the field I do not see any
highbinders to-day like those we used to
deal with. Such another villain as Lee
Chuck seldom can be found.' He was the
bodyguard of "Little Pete." Chuck killed
more than one man, but- he was captured
red-handed on Washington street and
on the street a block farther away. Prior
to my quitting here nine year* ago I fur
nished Chief Crowley a perfect diagram
of all the "get-aways," as we called them,
In Chinatown. I likewise, under lnstruo
tions from the Chief, took Sergeants
Sharp and Reeves through all these mys
terious passages. But I hardly know
whether this diagram would be of much
service now, as the Chinese arrange and
rearrange their escapes to suit the occa
sion.
English perfectly and In addition to a
large shoe manufacturing buslnefS h«
delved Into all sorts of . Illegitimate deals.
He was mixed up ' in 'the Chinese certifi
cate scandals and I the' landing of .women.
But he will probably be best remembered
as the wily fellow, who bought up a num
ber of jockeys at the old Bay . District
track.; He controlled them and their
mounts, thereby making enormous /win
nings against the pool sellers.". Neither
the jockeys : nor "Little Pete? were dis
covered for months,* after playing their
roles In the greatest race track scandal of
the West - ' .
I think' the most daring highbinder I
ever knew was Chung Ah Kit. He was
not a murderer, but a kidnaper. He and
Wong Ah Chee had their eye on a young
and pretty girl,, the 'wife of a hardwork
ing Chinaman. One morning about 5
. That same "Little Pete" was the most
cunning little yellow man of his day in
Chinatown. He was quite wealthy, spoke
placed under arrest by Captain John Mar
tin, present head of ; the detective force.
It was no easy capture at that. Chuck
made a running gun fight that lasted
twenty minutes. He stumbled and fell
near Brenham place, and: Martin, who
,was close upon him, secured his prisoner.
At the. City Prison Chuck was found to
have upon him a perfect arsenal of ugly
weapons and his body was protected by
a coat of mail. Lee 'Chuck was hanged
after a protracted struggle In the courts,
his employer, "Little . Pete" "spending
many thousands of dollars In his effort
to have him acquitted. ' Some years later
"Little Pete" was . assassinated . in a
Washington-street barber shop as a
sequel to the Lee Chuck feud.
In Cloverdale many years ago Ang Tai
Duck, a Chinese servant, proved an ex
ception to the rule. He foully murdered
both of his employers. Mr. and Mrs Wick
e?sham. He came to this city and left on
the steamer Bio de Janeiro while he was
belnr looked for throughout the Interior
of the State. We located him finally in
Hongkong, where I went and arrested
him. He manased to cheat the gallows
when he hanged himself in his celL
You will notice that In all I have told
you I have not mentioned any violently
criminal assaults by Chinese on 'thw
•whites. These have always been very
rare and it Is notlceable.that those Mon
golian princes who have hired white body
guards have never been assaulted ex
cepting when unattended.
now. That Is why I
have come to the conclusion that there Is
a wave of reformation In Chinatown.
You will probably remember Miss Cul
bertson and the Rev. Frederick Masters,
now both dead, and Miss Worley. daugh
ter of the late Police Judge of that name.
These people did more good than almost
any others in purifying Chinatown's
moral tone. It would be difficult for ma
at this time to say how many white chil
dren and Chinese women they rescued
from a horrible life. They had but few
facilities for searching the Chinese quar
ter, such as Glennon and I had. but
¦wherever we encountered children with
Caucasian indications or women of the
Mongolian race that were dissatisfied
with their state we got these good people
on the premises and assisted them to res
cue their charges and lodge them In the
missions. After that the courts handled
the cases.
Besides "the window smasher." we had
also "the silver thief." Cbee Ah Qui. Ha
held fifty burglaries to bis credit. Tha
strange thing about him was his perfect
knowledge of silver goods— real and sham.
He'd break into stores or houses and in
short order pick out all the genuine and
leave the bad. He would then plant his
booty close to the place burglarized and
would take his chances soinc back for it
some days later. When we finally caught
him he smilingly informed us that the
reason we never could get his swag was.
"I cookum." He was given fifteen years
in San Quentin and when liberated we
nailed him again as he was breaking
away from the house next door to Cap
tain Lees' hom<>. He will remain tha
balance of his life In the penitentiary.
There are. as I said before, men in
Chinatown who will not , hesitate to
sacrifice life for a paltry sum. Leong
Ah Sing, for instance, killed his uncle for
$3. The old uncle had cared for his im
provident nephew for many years and
when the youngster came to him flushed
from the excitement of the gambling
table asking for more funds there was
an absolute refusal. There was an ax
handy and the old man's head was nearly
severed from his body. The murderer
might have escaped but for the wild rush
he made down Ross alley from Washing
ton street, as tha murder was not dis
covered for some hours. Sing's wild
flight was noticed by Special Officer Mc-
Laughlln, who subsequently described tha
man and assisted us to capture him in
one of the deep cellars, where he was
picked out among some twenty highbind
ers of bad caliber. Sing was duly hanged.
Lee 8am was one of the mean and petty
criminals we deported after he served his
term in the State prison. >He was about
one of the first to in
troduce Cayenne pep
per among his peo
ple. You know that
the women of China
town are as vain as
most of their sex all
over the world, and
on gala nights at the
theaters they glory
In a display of per
sonal adornments. I
have seen them fre
quently with thou
sands o f dollars'
worth of gems about
them. Usually these
women were wives
or daughters of rich
merchants, and at
tended by white men
as guards. Some
times, however, wo
men were unprotect
ed and on several of
these occasions Lee
Sam dashed the pep
per in their eyes an«l
tore the gems from
their threats and
ears. Sam is work
ing out a long term
in the penitentiary
now.
One could never
finish with these sto
ries. There art a
thousand more to
telL Such crimes
were daily and
nightly occurrences
in the olden days.
but they are not so
Jewelry and other articles of no great
value, sometimes sacrificing a $200 win
dow for the sake of hla paltry booty. We
never coulQ get him because he got rid
of his plunder to countrymen bound for
China and our search for evldenca In
this town always proved fruitless. One
night he overplayed himself. Glennon and
I stood at the old "plaza" (Portsmouth
square) when he smashed In the big win
dow of a dry goods store. We got him
that time.
a China bound vessel. He'd been smash
ing windows for months in stores along
Kearny, Washington and Montgomery
streets. He'd reach in and grab clocKs.
THE S UK DAY CALL.
12
EXPERIENCES
IN CHINATOWNJESSE D. CARR, WHOSE RACEHORSES AND CATTLE DEALS HAVE MADE HISTORY IN THE WEST.-* 1 "* * «"¦«•
Just pause to think of that for a brief
moment Even after selling ten thousand
acres be still remains master of over
seven times as many more— thirty thous
and of which he now owns outright and
over forty thousand of which he controls
absolutely by reason of his ownership of
all the water rights appertaining there
unto, which is no small asset to the man
who would be either farmer or cattle
man— whereby bangs the tale of all Jesse
D. Carr's past and present "strenuous
ness." "• :.\ '-".¦
He did not sell those ten thousand acres
merely because he needed the money,
but to complete the final link in a life
long chain of acquisition. That "little
this modern over-lord of upward of sev
enty thousand acres.
Plunged Into the Mexican War with a
long string of mules as a sort of trader
and . semi-offlcial commissary to the
Tennessee Regulars. Got more experi
ence. Had about $20,000 worth of goods
on those pack mules. The guerrillas
cleaned me out Caught me in an am
bush and robbed me of everything I hal.
even the mules. Left me more fiat broke
than I ever was before— or since. If
you've ever been that way you'll realize
what a good motto mine Is. Also why
some people call me a ' hard man. ¦ Also
why there are over 5000 of the finest cat
tle that ever „ stood on the hoof now
browsing on my little Modoc place. I
swore then I'd never be broke again, and
I never will.
"I was about SS years old then, with a
try of the v hour
would be pleased to
lock upon as nota
ble transactions.
One cf these "l!t
tle «^a!s" Is noth
ing s^bort of the
tale of his famoua
Mountain ranch,
which CDrcads it
self almost equally
over Monterey and
San Benito coun
ties, or. more cor
rectly. 10.009 acres
of this magnificent
homestead. which
he ha« fetid for, up
ward of twenty-five
yfars. For all of
that long period it
was ti'» home — a
more than princely
domain— end on It
he bred some of th«
finest horses in the
history Jot the
Western turf—blue
blooded thorough
breds that were hi»
ppecial pride and
pet hobby. And out
of his love for per
fect animals he still
retains over 4900
acres cf th!s im
mense ranch , more
to keep what' is left
of his fancy stable in comfort than any
thirg else, though he declares he will
eoon pell all of the string, now that he
can no loncer see them.
Now there are net many men, even among
those who would consider themselves big.
broad -jrauced financiers— like Jesse D.
Carr— who would not swell up with per
haps pardonable pride at the sale of ten
thousand acres of land in California, es
pecially when those ten thousand acres
are among the richest to be had in such
highly cultivated and centrally located
districts as Monterey and San, Benito
counties. And fewer still who would
thank you to call the sale of ten thousand
acres in any part of the world a "little
deal." But— as you shall presently see-
It was Just that and nothing more to
Therefore, secure in his belief in his
own physical f-tanaina and masterly pow
er of self-control and absorption, he Is
living bU life and ordering his own af
fairs ar.d the affairs of his whole family
es well, quite as if these other ten years
were an assured fact instead of the very
doubtful quantity that most men of less
than half his years find them. And if you
•were to consult any of his friends— or his
enemies either, for the matter of that—
on this point they would cne and all as
but* you that "Jesse D. Carr always does
what he says he is going to "do. His word
la his law." which Is a very good word in
the life of any man who regulates his
days as steadfastly and as frugally as
this hardy land owner.
Just by way of
signalizing his de
termination to con
tinue close upon
the heel? of his rul
ing passion at this:
momentous period
In his career, hg*
had Just comuS?
inated a "few little
deal*," as he calls
them, but^ which
*ven the foremost
"capta:r.s of Indus-
His ambition is to Uve to be » hundred
years old asd to continue to exercise ac
tive supervision and absolute, control over
his rich lands and vast herds until the
very last. It is an ambition he has cher
ls?»--d ever since he became the "cattle
king" of California, but what is more to
the point under the present circuns
et&ncfs. It is an 2inbition that he has ab
solutely no doubt whatever of fulfilling.
Just as he has realized ail bis other Na
poleonic dreams cf wealth and industrial
concuest.
And though Jesse D. Carr is and always
has been a stanch Democrat President
Roosevelt could not find within the con
fines of the land ne rules a more perfect
embodiment cf the pet word he has made
synonymous with Americanism and com
mercial supremacy. Jesse D. Carr even
at $0 years of age Is nothing If not
•'strenuous.**
But it is not so much what he has done
as what he is doing and is still going to
do that elevates his career into the
realms of the wonderful, and made his
birthday oa the 10th cf last month a per
fect red letter day.
It is something to have been known as
a "cattle kir.g" at any time of life, but
to have held that title for over a quar
ter of a century and to still hold It pre
eminent at s'ich a hoary old age, even
under such tremendous disadvantages as
absolute blindness and almost total deaf
ness, is nothing short of financial genius
in an age so wildly aery after strenuous
ness.
•^r T 90 years of age, absolutely blind.
f I totally deaf In one ear and so
H— I bafily afflicted In the other that
*• J none but trumpet tones are ever
heard, the roan whose motto In
life— "Work hard; earn all you can. but
get all that's coming to you"— has carried
frirn on to rugged power and autocratic
dominion over vast domains. Is still one
of the most notable figures in the entire
West
This Tr!«n Is Jesse D. Carr.
deal" was only an Incident in a larger
scheme of things he has planned and par
tially executed since his last birthday,
for no sooner was that "little deal" closed
than he purchased almost ten thousand
acres more to round out his vast holdings
in Northern California and Southern Ore
gon—his famous ' Modoc County "ranch,
if by any. limitation of the imagination
such a royal principality can be called a
mere ranch— about which he has waged
such a long and bitter legal warfare with
some of his neighbors on one hand and
the Government authorities' in Washing
ton on the other, until," with his charac
teristic tenacity,' he finally won out. '
"You see those eight or .ten .thousand
acres that I have Just bought were in my
way," he explained with blunt directness
the other day as he settled down com-
of them who know me very well. I've
never gotten a dollar that I didn't work
for. Many times a millionaire now, eh?
Well, I think I've got enough to keep me
out of the poorbouse. But I never cared
to make ; money . Just for . its own sake,
though my motto { is, 'Work J hard ; j earn
all you {can— but— get all that's . coining
to you.' That's how I came to own those
thirty thousand acres up in Modoc an4—
well, let me give you an idea what work
will do.' .: v ,,. .-¦•
"Away back in the '40' s I was down In
New Orleans •'. in • the cotton, business.'
Things went to smash— no matter how.. I
worked l about six years -paying off the
debts/ (Over $300,000, 'tis said, though Mr.
Carr is much more : modest about the
amount) .That gave me experience.
Enough to last me all my life. I dug out
"Land • is ; no good without water. He
had the land, but I owned the- water
right; Now I own both. That's perfect
ly • simple. Isn't it?" and he chuckled
unctuously, * r • '
"Yes,' some . people do say. I'm a hard
man, • but I 'guess that there's not: many
fortably in his big revolving chair and
elevated his feet on the well-worn desk
in the new offices he. has Just had built
for his personal convenience on the edge
of the wide lawn that surrounds his fine
home— "The White House,": as some call
it— in Salinas, . "and ' I had to have them.
They've been in my way for a long time,
but the other fellow finally realized that
they were of a whole lot more use to me
than they were ' to . him, ; so . we've < Just
straightened 'the matter out to our mu
tual satisfaction.
wife and three children— two boys and a
girl— In New Orleans. The children are all
alive yet, and all married. My girl mar
ried Henry W. Sealc. who had quite a
ranch near Menlo Park, but he's been
dead a great number of years now. Jol.n
S. is In business for himself, but Larkin
W.. my oldest boy, is here with me.
Had to have him since I became blind.
He'll be back from the Mountain Ranch
in a few minutes and then we'll have
some pictures taken. Never was much on
pictures myself. Waste of money.'
It comes as a shock of surprise after
Hearing the old "Cattle King" soeak of
his "boy." quite as if he were a callow
youth to be confronted by a gray-bearded
man who admits to nearly 63 years as
that self same "boy."
"But. as I was about to say* I struck
out for California. Left on my Tjirthday.
June 10. 1S4.1. Never forget It. Came by
way of Panama, but it was slow business.
Missed a boat and was down in that beastly
hot place on the Fourth. But they were
a patriotic lot. Made me orator of the
day, and I gave them a speech that was
jnore of a sizzler than the weather. Final
ly got to San Francisco on August IS and
was made Deputy Collector of the Port
the very day I arrived. Kept the Job for
about a year and a half, then went to
work on the Pulsras ranch. That name
means flea. I think. Anyway. I became
as lively as one myself and soon got a
ranch on my own account near Watson
vllle. But this Benito and Monterey Coun
ty place caught my fancy, and. well— I've
had it ever since, or until I sold those ten
thousand acres nf U the other day.
"It was about this time. too. that I be
gan to get hold of my Modoc place. I
went up there long before the Modoc In
dians be san their war with the Govern
ment, which lasted for about a year or
two, so I guess It's not very surpriains
that the ranch has spread some slnp»
then It didn't take me long to see th^J
water rights up there are more valuable
than the broad acres themselves. So I
picked my land accordingly. That's why I
control about 70.000 acres, even though I
own only 30.000. But all those 30.000. or most
of it anyway, have a frontage on the wa
ter There/a about eight or ten miles of
frontage on Tule Lake and over twenty
two miles of border around— completely
arqund— Clear Lake. My land lie* In lon«
strips between the water and tlie other
fellows' land. If they. wanted to raise
cattle they had to have water and tha/
couldn't get it without driving their cat
tle over my property. And as there wert
miles and miles of fence around my plac«
—oh, about twenty to forty miles or V*
of fence— that's where all the trouble be
gan. They kept tear
ing my fences dowa
and we went t*
law about it. Bu*
when the Washing
ton folks sent out
an expert that set
tled the difficulty.
Some of the fence
is still down and
I'm Just as well
satisfied. I only
wanted all that was
coming to> me—sim
ply that and noth
ing more, and I got
that, because it
was my right. But
the best testimony
that was given for
me was given by
my neighbors, so I
guess V8 are all
right. Now these
last two strips— one
of some 5000 acres
and the other of
8000 or 4000 acres-
Just round out my
holdings nicely and
—well— there won't
be any more trou
ble.
"Now before we
go over to the sta
ble for these pic
tures come in the
house and have a
drink. I've got
some fine old Im
ported whisky sent
me by Senator
Bate of Tennessee.
Don't believe In en
couraging a young
marf to drink, but
this is a special
o c c aslon. Never
drank a drop my
self until I was
over 60 years old.
Now I have ,three
cocktails every day
—more if the
weather is bad.
Fellow's got to get
something out of
life. Come on."
And. rising, he led
the way to the house, guiding hi*
footsteps along devious pathways by
the band railinrs he has had con
structed everywhere about the place so
that be can move about without assist
ance. And with right royal hearty good
cheer he plays the host, for notwithstand
ing bis double affliction Jesse D. Carr has
the saving sense of humor and bluff good
fellowship. Even his so-called enemies
tell stories of his charities.
And this is the man who at 90 Is hand
ling one of the biggest enterprises in the
entire West, even unto the smallest de
tail, and with the foundation of a splen
did constitution and a wonderfully keen
and active mind as his warrant, expects
to remain the "Cattle King" for over ten
years more.
'With His Favorite Horse, Which He Laments That He
Is Too Blind to See.
Following the Long Hand Bailing From His Office to
His House at Salinas.
THE SUNDAY CAJjL.
13
WONDERFUL CAREER OF A
90 YEAR OLD CATTLE KINGOne item worth noting Is that many of
the newest plates have no period after
the name. This Is true of Mrs. Mur
phy's, Mrs. Hobart's, Mrs. Will Crock
er's, Miss Toy's and others. It Is a cus
tom gradually creeping Into America, this
omitting' ef the period when It is unnec
essary. It is omitted after book titles and
the like.
Two by three has been the conventional
size for the young lady's card, hut some
of the new ones art larger and It is said
The width of t- > mourning border is a
matter of personal taste. Sometimes it Is
almost a third of an inch wide; sometimes
hardly more than a black line.
The head of a family often uses only
the surname, as "Mrs. Hobart." but this
is not advisable unless the name is un
common.
When the address Is engraved on the
card it appears in the lower right-hand
corner; the day at home in the left. A
card may ¦ have either, both or neither.
Mrs. Henry T. Scott has a card giving
her Burllngame address In the right, her
Ban Francisco address In the left corner.
If one lives on a street corner It la
enfarter to write out that statement as,
"Laguna and Washington streets, north
west corner." instead of the simple house
number. If the card is. to be used while
you are away from home it is good form
to engrave merely "San Francisco", for
the address.
A card used In making farewell calls
has "P. P. C." in the left corner. This
Is an abbreviation of the French form.
"Pour prendre conger," or "To take
leave."
A widow's card shows her own Chris
tian name Instead of her husband's. Thus,
"Mrs. Jane Stanford" would be according
to custom, although Mrs. Stanford is in
the habit of signing herself "Mrs. Leland
Stanford." K (::^]
There is the married woman's card. It
Is always a trifle over three Inches long
and a trifle over two Inches wide. Some
are larger. Mrs. Hobart uses a card
three and a half by almost two and a
half. Mrs. Henry Crocker does also. Mrs.
Hugh Tevls has a card that la only three
by two. no larger than an unmarried wo
man's.
It is fashionable to engrave the mar
ried name In full, as "Mrs. Josephine
Sadoc Tobln" and "Mrs. Henry Edwards
Huntlngton." This,- however, depends
somewhat on a husband's choice, and if
he has aiways been in the habit of writ
ing his name with initials he usually pre
fers that his wife should follow suit.
Both initials are sometimes written, as
"Mrs. S. G. Murphy," or the middle
lnltal. <aa "Mrs William H. Crocker."
Mrs Crocker, by the way, has no period
after the abbreviation "Mrs." This is
modern and smart.
The hostess who sits down in the hush
following the 7 o'clock diminishing clat
ter of good-bys at the end of her tea can
read a good deal of social law as she
runs over the contents of the silver tray
that has been heaping since 4 o'clock in
the butler's hand.
The calling card may seem even ' less
than either of these, but it tells far more.
Wouldn't our ancestors back In the days
of primeval man have thought us a
strange race, if they could have known
that we were to be Judged by a two-by
three-lncb scrap of pasteboard, on which
only a name— perhaps an address—some
times a day. Is engraved? And yet. after
all, how simple a diploma that two-by
three card Is, certifying to our knowledge
of the forms correct.
THE bit of pasteboard Is a trifle, per
haps, but It Is one of the most slg
nmcant trifles in this complex
world, where the knot of a tie or
the size of a pompadour may testi
fy to the wearer's social status.
The fad that once existed for turning
down the corner of a card Intended for
more than one person is or the past. A
card for each person called upon must
he left. Fashion recognizes no petty
economies.
; When a death occurs and many mes
sages of condolence are sent a card of
acknowledgment is often Issued/ in this
form. "The family of General W. H. I*
Barnes gratefully acknowledges your
kind expression of sympathy and con
dolence. San Francisco." , The card is
• largo and black-bordered. •
• Cards issued for special reception days
exactly like any calling card, the day
.In the lert corner. Thus Mrs. McNear has
jpne reading, "Friday, the ninth of'Janu
ary."
4 The matter of type is Just now so un
settled that hardly any style ..can he
.jwrong. Not long since script was the only
possil.** form of engraving. Irately old
English and Roman types have come into
fashion, but many still hold to script.
•Stationers say. however, that > old Eng
lish Is soon to be universal.- Those who
have had script usually have their new
plates In one of the recent styles: thus.
"Miss Crockett" In script became "Mrs.
Lnurance ' Irving Scott" in Roman* let*
ters. '
I Not every young lady or gentleman who
enters this world Is presented with an en
graved plate and cards upon arrival, but
the babies of fashion are. The tiny card
engraved with the new name and date of
birth Is tied by a little ribbon to the
parents' card, thus, "Dr. and. Mrs. James
Alexander Black." and attached ' to it.
"James Ream Black, born December 23.
11900." It would be a mean trick to play
on a girl, wouldn't It. engraving and
spreading broadcast sucb record of her
age?
A few years later the young person has
another card engraved without the pre
fix, as "Dorothy Helen Jardlne." and thus
It must remain until the debut permits
"Miss." • * •:<>
that they will soon be the same «lx« as
' a married lady's. Ml&s Bertie Bruce ha*
a large card. Another large one was Mls»
v Mary Crocker**. The tame rules for.ad
- dress and day at home ire observed for
'-.the girls' cards. as for mamma's. The
_ eldest unmarried daughter omits her
? Christian name, as "Miss Hag«r." Young
i er daughters write th*. name la full, as
'"Miss Genevleve Carolah." Sometime*
sisters use one card and have it engraved
- thus; "Misses Borel." Mother and daugh
ter may do the tame, as "Mrs. C N. E3
linwood. Miss Elllnwood." the former
I name above the latter. Where the moth
. er's name appears, the card Is as lair* aa
her own.
Another combination card Is that ef
husband and wife. This is used when they
\ call together or sometimes when the lady
-pays "duty calls" alone. Leaving 1 this
card means "My husband sends hi* re
gards" and It usually means also- "he
does hate . to make calls." This Is the
longest card of all In some cases. 'Mr.
* and Mrs. Henry Crocker «end Mr. i and
Mrs. Arthur Whipple Spear use cards al-
Imost four Inches lone by two wide.
The pasteboard used now t» very thta
and In some cases It has a dull surface
like that of kld-finlshed paper.. It most
be either dead white or cream to conform
to good style. The pink and blue tints
i are not approved. ' ¦ ' •
A man's card, like his .hat. is much
¦mailer than a woman's. It' Is a domino
shaped affair, ¦ seldom more (nan three
by one and a half, j The address does not
often appear, unless, ho uses his card In
much traveling;. In such a case the- city**
name appears In th<€kight comer and the
club's. If he has one. In'the left; as. "Mr.
Peter D. Martin. Pacific Union Club, San
Francisco." Charles "Rollo Peters has his
Ban Francisco address In one corner, hi*
•Monterey address In the ot.ier. Judges.
professors , and the. like leave off . their
< signs of honor and become "Mr. Carroll
Cook" or "Mr. Benjamin Ide. Wheeler."
Army and . navy men, - on the contrary,
display all the' rank to which they are en
titled and appear, as' "Major General
JYoung," "Captain Frederic Johnston" or
: "Arthur MacArthur Junior. lieutenant
United States Army.* Doctors. ' too, us*
"Dr." before their names.
Cards Prom H. S. Crocker Co., A- KL Bobertwrn, Cooper & Co. «nd
Dodge Stationery Company.
Pose by Miss Marlon George. Photo by Stanford Studio.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
14
ETIQUETTE OF
THE CALLING
CARDONCE upon a time there was a farmer's lad who could never quite understand why people should rave so about the beauties nature and the ideal existence of life on a farm. 'Why,
thought he, "it's nothing but work. work, work from morning till night." When some of the city boys came down to spend their summer vacation at theJarm, he thought them quite
daft to seek such a place as a matter of choice. Everything they admired as being beautiful, such as violets, daisies and buttercups, he pronounced rank weeds and no good, for they
spoiled the pasture for the cattle and made extra work for him. as he had to drive the cows a longdistance to find fields free of the wild flowers. . When^the boys in their frolic would
roll down the Rrassy slopes of the hill he would remark: "Look at the dern fools. If they had to work here in the hay harvest from daylight till darkness they d get all the grass they
wanted without rolling in it." And so he plodded on through his days always grumbling and fault-finding at the hardness of his lot m having to live on a farm. He saw no beauty in any of his
<urroundines and considered the life of a farmer's lad nothing but drudgery. By and by a great change came over affairs at home; his father s health failed and, being no longer able to dp
the work of the farm, he called his son to his side and asked him to uke his place, so that they might be able to keep the old homestead. This proposition did not meet with the sons approval,
and he beezed his father to allow him to seek his fortune in one of the large cities. This caused his father much sorrow, but, having only the best interest of his son at heart, and not wanting
to compel him to stay at the old farm against his will, he consented to let him go. In a little while the familiar scenes of his childhood— the old home, fields, meadows and cow lanes— saw
um no mo t "' onc somc t ; me afterward, an ambulance drove uo hurriedly to the door of one of the large manufacturing industries of a bis: city. A muffled figure was borne out on a stretcher
hv several workmen and placed in the vehicle, and amid the hum and buzz of the machinery, which. never stopped, the men returned: to their work while the ambulance drove oft. Twas a
rommon occurrence for a workman to be injured, and little attention was paid to it. That night the person who was carried away irLthe ambulance lay, moaning and delirious, in the hospital.
HiJ vouthfu! upturned face pale and haggard, showed plainly that his body was racked with pain, while his feeble voice kept callidft: "Co! co! col Ho, Bnndle! Co! co! Ho! Speckle!
r'l * i Hi' lassies! Co! co!" And none of those who watched beside his cot that night knew the meaning of his strange words. Weeks passed, the patient had recovered sufficiently *o leave
the hosoital 'and those who had so kindly nursed him back to life inquired where he lived, that they might send him to his home. "Ah." said- he. "I am a stranger in this great city; my home
is down among the fair hills of Cumberland, and if it falls to my lot to s/e the farm and homestead aeain I will indeedbe happy." After.he had left the hospital the nurses often wondered
L, t was the meaning of the strange words lie uttered in his delirium: but had they gone with him.down the cow lane in the evenings after his safe arrival home they would have heard him repeat:
"Co'coJco! Ho. Brindle! Co! co! Ho. Speckle! Co! co! Hi. lassies! Co! co!" He vyas calling home the cows. ... i,, „ rtrt^ P
" The' moral of this fable is: "No accidents are so unlucky but that the prudent may draw some advantage from them. W. M. GOODES.
Find the Three City Boys, the Cows the Farmer Lad Is Calling arid Some of the Other Stock— Twelve in AIL
THE SUNDAY CALL.
Louis Radquill Alameda. flower game; Miss Franklin. 1654 Stockton street. San Francisco, tea set;
William Aenheim. Alameda. bead necklace: OlKa Utecht. Vallejo. necklace: H. Campbell. 1S27 McAl
lister street San Francisco, catcher's mitt: Willie Eilers, Los Angeles, water wings; Rendz Echfeldt,
1!CO Howard street San Fra'ncisco. white squadron: Walter Browne. 1116 Adeline street. Oakland, paint
box- Walter Kreiger 1511 Mission street. San Francisco, box paint: Jim Norrls. San Francisco, tennis
ball' Annie Leydeder. 61 Pond street. San Francisco, tea set; V. Brown, Fresno, printing outfit; Armand
Catsassa Santa Rosa, lunch box: W. Dillon. 124 Cedar avenue, foreign stamps: Susan Randolph. 34
Second street. San Francisco, lunch box; Harry Masser. Los Angeles, water wings; Adele Durieux Val
leio tea set- Theresa Schol ten. Alameda. tea set; Phoebe Cook. Paso Robles. necklace: Carl Flerbach.
Fru'itvaJe paints; Cara Decker. St. Helena, necklace: Louis Raber. 2215 Larkln street. San Francisco,
box paints; Edith Mitchell. Woodland, silver bracelet; Ursula Scholten. Alameda. water wings; E. N. A*-
HURRAH, CHILDREN! The new list of prizes is a great success.
Everybody wants something good to read, and so the postman
is now staggering under tha biggest loads of mail he has ever
carried. Of course, you all know a good thing when you see it.
As the Puzzle Editor said last Sunday, you have been get
ting toys and other useful and interesting articles for weeks and
weeks now, and so it was decided to give you a new and complete
change— SOMETHING GOOD TO READ. In the list of TWENTY
BOOKS printed below you have the VERY BEST STORIES FOR BOYS
AND GIRLS by the CLEVEREST WRITERS IN THE WORLD, and if
you are at all persistent and artistic here is the finest opportunity you
could find to get a new collection for nothing.
Are you one of the skillful ones who won prizes in the Tiger's
Bridal Puzzle, published July 5P Read the list below and see.
And now listen carefully. This is what you must do to win one of
those FIFTY PRIZES: After reading the fable about The Farmer's
'Lad, find the three City Boys who are stopping at the farm, the Cows
which the farmer's lad is calling and some of the other Farm Stock
twelve in all— concealed in the big picture below, outline each in pencil
or ink and then color with paints, inks, water colors or crayons each
object as nearly like its natural color as you can make it, fill in the
coupon herewith with your name and address and the prize you desire —
If you win— and send the picture, -with the coupon attached, to the
EDITOR OP THE ANIMAL FABLES AND PUZZLE PAGE, Sunday
Call, San Francisco, Cal.
To the FIRST FIFTY who not. only find all the objecta enumera
ted, but whose pictures are the MOST 1 ARTISTICALLY COLORED, on a
I of these Fifty prizes will be awarded. Remember, old and young may
compete, but ALL ANSWERS MUST REACH THIS OFFICE BEPORB
**riday noon. ' iSr
- THE NAMES OF THE LUCKY WINNERS WILL BE PUB
LISHED IN THE SUNDAY CALL TWO WEEKS FROM TO-DAY,
July 26. ' : ;;;
FOLLOW THE RULES OR YOU WILL BE DEBARRED.
THIS IS THE LIST OF PRIZES FROM WHICH YOU MAY CHOOSE
IF YOU WIN i "Princ««» of the Moor," by B. Marlitti "The Golden
Canron," by G. A. Hentyt "Adrentures In th» Trople-," by Freder
ick Gerfitaclteri 'The Spy," by J. Fenlmore Cooper* «Chlldna of
the Abbey," by ReKlna Maria Rochet "Tlie Giraffe Hnnter»," by Cap
tain Ma/Ae Reid i "Water Bable.." by Cbarlea KlBsr.leyi *By Sbeer
¦Pluefc." a tale of the Aabantl War. by O. A. Hentyi "Tom Brow» at
Oxford." by Thomaa Haghen "Polly, m. New-Ka«blone* Maid," by U T.
Meadei "The Deerslayer," by J. Fenlmore Coopers "JaoUajMtpej." by
J nllann Horatio RtrliiVi "Huntln*: in the Great \V«it,"br O. O. ShUldii
"The Earl ftueen," by Nataly Ton Eschatrnlli "Flower Fables,"
by Louisa May Olcotti "Tom Brown'* School Day«." by Thomaa Hnrhei,
"AdVenturei. in Cnba." by. F. L. Oiniild; "ftneenle'i Whim," by Rou
N.CareyJ "The Lone Ranch." by Captain Mayne Reidt "Tho Pathfind
er," by J. Fenlmore -Cooper. . v ,•
Here Are the Lucky Fifty Prize Winners in "The Tiger's Bridal" Fable Puzzle Published July 5.
•wood '-. Santa- Cruz White House game: Rob Bell, Los Angele*. ¦tamps; Alice Alltz, Richmond, neck
lace* 'Luciie Mosher' Berkeley, box paints; Raymond Greerty. Oakland, reins; Harry Dunley, Tulare,
catcher's mitt; Henry Wiese, 138 Capp street, San Francisco, water wings; W. J. Wertflel, 1235 Pacific
avenue San Francisco, White House game; Henry McCray, Salinas, water wings; Vlrgle Mayno, Alvlso,
ne'cklac'e; Willie Washburn, Alvlso, water wings; Eva Washburn, tea set; Amy Rice, 147 Chest
nut avenue Santa Cruz box beads: Dorn Black, San Francisco, tennis ball; J. McCray, Salinas, six
agates: E. Kern, Stockton, tea set: V. Willde. Vallejo, tea set; Amy Brown, East Oakland, printing
outfit; Josie GilHgan, 251 Seventh street, San Francisco, tea set;.Edgar Kraure, Los Angeles, click reel;
Dorothy Rheln. Ixjrln. box paints: Ernestine Windhovel, San Francisco, French paints; Mabel Vierra,
Moss, printing outfit; George Jensen, Florlri, tea set; Lallie Greerty, Oakland, sadiron; Gladys Sher
wood.- Selma, tea set. •
Don't Miss This.
BRAND NEW PRIZES TO-DAY
Now Is Your Chance.
15
OUR ANIMAL FABLES
TO THE EDITOR
ANIMAL FABLES
AND PUZZLE PAGE.
July 19, 1903.
Name ..........
Street or P. O .*.........•
City ' •
StaU
If I Win I Choose for Prize .
<8«« ,U*t o: Prize*.)PRIZE
WINNERS IN
CONTEST OF
JULY 5.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
tj^fo ELOW is given the list of priza
Jrjj) winners in the puzzle contest
of July 5. This was the
Seventh Set— the Names of Carpenter
Tools— in the Fourth Series of Name
Puzzles, begun on May 24. - See if
you are one of the lucky, forty *fc>
ners: v
Ruth Dewey, San Rafael, 'sUrrwr
bracelet; Mary Brown, 210 Twelfth
street, San Francisco, writing desk;
Maud Miller, Oakland, writing desk;
Helen Krough, 1880 O'Farrell street,
San Francisco, silver bracelet; Vera
Edgar, San Francisco, wrist* purse;
Edris Estes,. : Escondido, • .bracelet;
Vera Lend, 1929 Stockton street, San
Francisco, belt buckle; -Hazel Jones,
Castro street, San Francisco, tennis
racquet; Sate Street, San Jose,
brooch; Viola Forestelle, San Fran
cisco, ping pong game; E. N. Walker,
Soulsbyville, silver bracelet; F. C.
Pendergast, .Vallejo, silver hatpin;
Celia Hulbert,- Georgetown, bracelet;
Florence Harris, 1802 Post street,
San Francisco, brooch; Violet Bishop,.
Alaraeda, silver bracelet; Lizzie
Croft,; Sacramento, wrist purse; Dot
Keswick, fishing rod; Anna
Hobro, ,734 Washington street, San
Francisco, belt buckle;' Sadie Stew
art, Biverside, silver bracelet; George
Ho well, -: Presidio, " San Francisco,
baseball; Edgar Krausse, Los "Ange
les, fishing rod; Bert* Cerelli, 1901
Stockton street, San Francisco, fish
ing rod; Boy Beid, Oakland, -fishing
Vod;-. Morris . Marks; 1007 Howard
street, San Francisco,. stamp album;
H. V. Merle, Crockett, fishing rod;
Bert Chamberlain, Ukiah, bathing
suit; Stanley Smith, Campbell, ten
nis racquet; Norman E gilbert. Iron
Mountain, knapsack; L. C. At wood,
Santa Cruz, fishing rod; Floyd Fra-
Eer, Kelseyville, baseball mitt;
C. Martin, Alameda, knife; Georgs
Keck, Portland, knife; Harry Mas
ser, Los Angeles, knife; Ed Pendle
ton, Santa Cruz, stamp album; Joa
Harrington, San Francisco, baseball}
Willie Lundsman, 176 Perry street,
San Francisco, knapsack; Clarence
Ames, Gait, ping pong game; Henry
Turk, 915 Bryant street, San Fran
cisco, fishing outfit; John Lennon,
San Jose, mitt; Laura Shillinglaw,
146 Fifth street, San Francisco.
16
OUR NAME PUZZLES
EACH OF THESE TEN PICTURES REPRESENTS THE NAME OF
A HUMAN QUALITY - CAN YOU GUESS THEM
AND WIN A VALUABLE PRIZE?
ft SN'T it jolly fun summer is still on, bright, warm and comfortable? And the swimming— hurrah—the
swimming is better than ever. But it takes courage to swim— doesn't it? Which brings us to the pe
*i culiar part of this week's puzzles. They're a funny lot of puzzles, aren't they? Quite different from
anything we ever had before. They are all about human qualities, good, bad -\nd indifferent— that is, if
there are any human qualities to which any one can ever be indifferent, whether they are good or bad.
Of course, you know something of these human qualities, though not as much now as you will
some day. For instance, just as it require- Courage of a very high order to even learn to swim, it re
quires absolute Baring and Coolness to go to the rescue of a companion who is drowning. And if the
fault was all his own it would require a high order of Truthfulness for him to admit it. And if the
unfortunate youngster were not whipped by his parents in the bargain that would show on their part
both Forbearance and Charitableness, likewise Patience, for it is no easy matter to permit a boy to learn
the hard lessons of life through Experience alone. , #^f
However, there are many other human qualities concealed in those ten pictures— qualities which
you ought to know all about, and iJ ;-ou can guess;what they are— well, there are lots of fine things in
the list below.
Remember, each of the ten pictures in this, the NINTH SET in the FOURTH SERIES of the
Sunday Call's great puzzle contests, lepresents the name of a Human Quality. Can you guess them?
Try and see; if you are successful— well, read the list below for the rich reward that will come to you.
REMEMBER— You may send in as many answers in your name as you wish, provided only that
you have a coupon to accompany each answer, and— REMEMBER— there is no age limit and young and
old may compete.
THE NAMES OF THE LUCKY WINNERS WILL BE PUBLISHED IN THE SUNDAY CALL
TWO WEEKS FROM TO-DAY, August 2.
Now here are the important points for you to remember: The First Forty Boys and Girls who
send in correct solutions to these ten pictures before noon next Frida.- will win a prize. Don't
forget that point, because it is very important. ALL ANSWERS MUST REACH THIS OFFICE BY
FRIDAY NOON. This gives all those in the country an equal chance to compete. Read everything on
this page, to be sure that you overlook nothing that will help you to ,win a prize.
This is what you must do to win one of those forty prizes: Find the name of a Human Quality
represented in each of the ten puzzle pictures and write it out in full in the space opposite^ the proper
corresponding number provided for the purposs in the coupon on this page as per its directions; fill in
your name and address and the prize you desire— if you win— and mail the coupon to the Puzzle Editor,
Sunday Call, San Francisco. .
:;' FOLLOW THE RULES OR YOU WILL BE DEBARRED.
This puzzle contest of the FOURTH SERIES will close four weeks from to-day, but as a
further reward for cleverness and industry a special prize of $10 and a second prize of $5 will be awarded
for the highest percentage of coijrect answers in the whole series of thirteen weeks.
These are the TWENTY-FIVE NEW PRIZES from which you may select if .you solve all the
puzzles correctly: Fishing rod, knapsack, belt buckle, pocket-knife, t boy's nickel chain, wrist purse, fish
ing line, hook and sinkers;" bathing suit (for boys not over 14- years old),, tennis; racquet, catcher's
baseball mitt, ping pong set, bas-ball, letter seal, postage-stamp album, set' silver beauty; pins, baseball
mask, naval war game, silyer bracelet, gold-filled horseshoe brooch, silver stickpin, silver hatpin,
wooden writing desk, nail-file, hair pomb, doll. ' ' r ¦..._'. - •>
. ., Those who won prizes in the Seventh Set — the Names of Carpenter Tools— published in the Sunday'
Call of v July 5, will find- their names in tio announcement printed in another column. -
Solve the Puzzles,
Fill Out the Coupon
and Send It to
the Puzzle Editor,
Sunday Call, S. F.
To Puzzle Editor, Sunday Call,
Sr-. Francisco:
Below in their proper num-
bers please find my solution of
the Names of Human Qualities
represented in this week's name
puzzles: ' . _-•; ' _. : •
\;.. : ; g : ; • r }
4:;...... ..- *...-
B .................«*'?-?.•••••
6 ,„...„,. ......
7 ..+ .,..™J,i
8 ,....»...»
O I
' T
10 ....«.....^
. *• 4 * ' 1'.
** ¦ ¦ ¦
• -
City . .•••••••••••••'•••••• •.•••••<ij
EUte -.... ,.....».
- 2J. I win Z choose for prize
¦ . . .»
v. • • %$ •• •• •••>.•» »..».»•..••..»..•,
OSte Lt«t of Prizt:) '.',' ' ;COMIC SECTION
SUNDAY CALLTHE SUN PAY CALL.'THE SUNDAY CALL.THE SUNDAY CALL.Newspapers Take
Sides in Bitter
ARREST OF TWO WITNESSES
IN THE FAIR CASE STIRS
UP CONTROVERSY IN PARIS
Attendants No Longer • in
Daily Dread of Final
Collapse.
His Indomitable Will
Yet Triumphs Over
Death.
Pontiff May Pass
POPE LEO'S
PHYSICIANS
TAKE HOPE
KANSAS CITY, Mo., July 18.— The Kan
sas City, Mexico and Orient Railway is
to have an air line from Kansas City .to
Railway Will Be
Built From
Texas.
NEW ROAD
TO THE CITY
OF MEXICO
Esectml dspatca to Tie Can.
CALL BUREAU, UC6 G STREET, N.
¦W., WASHINGTON, July 18.— Wholesale
Millions of Dollars
Lost to the Gov
ernment.
VAST LAND
FRAUDS IN
THE WEST
ROME, July 19, 3:05
a. m. — The Pontiff has
dropped off into a sleep
which seems half coma.
When he awakens Dr. Lap
poni will insist that he take
stimulants and nourishment.
After last evening's bulle
tin had been issued Dr.
Mazzoni informed reoprt
ers that if the Pope main
tained his present condition
three or four days longer
there was no reason why he
should not live for several
months.
WITNESSES IN -FAIR CASE
AND PRINCIPAL WHO AL
LEGES PERJURY.
Continue I- on" Pa'g« ft2 ; Tc61umn 1 .
Continued on Page 22, Column 6,
- * PASADENA. 1 July. 18.— Lutfier Stieringer,
one ' of the', most . eminent 'electrical en
gineers of' the world, ,'dled 1 hereto-day of
consumption, aged • 58 ' years:''." He" came
here from- New Tork City last December.
.' SUeflngcr next'to Edison, his friend and
associate, C was- responsible " for " the_ Inven-]
tloh ; of ; more,, electrical 'appliances ythan
any other : man.*. He had f charge ; of ; the
electric lighting of the Pan-American ' Ex-?
position^--- •';¦ ¦'' ¦'¦¦ • '• ' : •. • .-'. '•_¦¦¦-,¦;¦•¦•''
Luther •Stieriiiger,'; a Famous Elec
trical.'¦ Engineer,' Answers -th*e- r ;'
. Call . at Pasadena. / .
ASSOCIATE -OP 'EDISON . .
t . . :/ DIES IN V THE- SOUTH
. NEW, YORK,'. July 18.-A sea captain.
Axel Slmonson, has begun suit for $10,000
damages against a publishing company of
this ciiy for alleged libel growing out of
a'.magaztne story. . The ¦ yarn,;as"publish
ed, • described a shipwreck in ¦ which the
captain was r the ' flrst\ to reach shore in
thebreeches buoy, leaving his ere vr\ and
a woman' passenger' to care' -for \ them
selves. -" Slmonson, says - he is .caDtaln of
a' ship of .the same name; - that; the; boat
ran . ashore not : long ." ago, arid . that he
was not the first one , to get to ¦; land.*:'.- He
declares the story, although : it figures .as
fiction has set ' him : down i as : a ; coward
and damaged his reputation as a reliable
seafaring man. ....
Skipper Identifies Himself $5 .Villain
' in Shipwreck Tarn and Wants
Heavy Damages.
SAYS MAGAZINE STORY
, HURT HIS REPUTATION
* Mme. ¦ Nourdet ¦ Insists . that no I bicyclists
were anywhere near when 1 the Fairs were
- ; » Although: these men asserted thatjthey
witnessed the ' accident while bicycling,
th'ey .said nothing for "six' days.', As prov
ing the falsity- of their sworn statements,
Mrs.* Fair's* heirs advanced the declara
tions' of Mme. ; Nourdet, gatekeeper of the
Chateau'du Buisonide Mai,' before whicb
the 'accident' occurred. . -
.' . yoted'"by. the newspapers, to "the
latest developments, viz., the arrest upon
a /charge °* perjury .; of the Frenchmen,
Louis Mas and Frederic Maurane, who
testified 1 that they witnessed the automo
bile accident. They, made further decla
ration ¦ that Mrs. . Charles L. Fair outlived
her husband by an appreciable Interval.
Acting upon a complaint made by Mrs.
Vanderbilt, Maitre Ganneval, the Investi
gating magistrate, charged -M. Lamard,
the chief of the detective service', to ar
rest the two men. The arrest was made
at their residences In Paris on Thursday
morning, the incriminated couple now be
ing in the prison De.laSante, liberation
on ¦ bail having been refused up to the
present. '-"i;;V'
jfA newspaper sensation has been created.
Naturally two camps have been formed,
for French; Journalism loves to espouse
one side 'or the other of any cause celebre.
¦ The Petit Parlsien may be. taken as rep
resenting the camp which, regards the
case against ' the two ; prisoners as very
strong. '-.The Intranslgeant, Henri Roche
fort's paper, is the . leader • of those who
picture Masse and Maurane as victims of
.the ' tyranny, of .; the French \ authorities,
whom "it ; accused * bluntly 'of v being " influ
enced by the wealth. of the Vanderbilts to
commit * "a scandalous, violation -of lib
erty." r
..All of* the; papers— the Journal, Eclair,
Gaulols, .Figaro and* Echo . de Paris— are
filled with. the controversy.
*«V ARIS « July IS.— The newly resur
"¦M-'w recte d Fair case, withT its very
\r^ tangible millions, keeps Paris
•* lawyers busy. Columns are de-
.+ ; — ; — +
Special Cable to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright. 1003. by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ROME, July 18.— It is now nearly a fort
night since extreme unction was admin
istered to the aged Pope, but his vital
powere still "refuse to" yield to his fatal
malady. Pope Leo's case begins to pre
sent physical marvels quite as remarka
ble as thc'interegt attaching ¥ to his ; last
days." It is "known, -Jtumanly/*. speaking,
that. he carinot,. recover, 1 . yet- none,, even
among his own medical 'attendants, now
ventures to phophesy when the last hour
will arrive. ; The wasted frame , of the
sufferer is scarcely, more than a skele
ton, but it contains a spirit as indomita
ble as ever 'and, his intelligence is still
keen -and active!
Meantime the great institution over
which Leo XIII. presides, taking cog
nizance only of the ordinary fate of mor
tals, is preparing for his successor. It
has been a week of great activity in. all
matters, affecting the papal succession.
Little has been allowed to transpire re
garding the most Important developments,
but the general tendency of the situation
is not difficult to follow.
It Is now clear, as was foreshadowed
a week ago, that the sympathizers with
Cardinals Rampolla and Gotti will com
bine in suppor of the latter. The finan
cial interests of the church, as represent
ed by the Bank. of Rome, and the head
of the Jesuit order also indicate their
sympathy with Cardinal Gottl's can
didacy. - . j
FRENCH INFLUENCE WANING.
The French opposition to Cardinal Gotti
seems to have been* overcome. This is
partly due to the fact that there Is a
growing feeling among Italian prelates
that, considering the rapid decline of the
influence of - Koman % Catholicism • In
France, that country is no longer entitled
to its former power In papal affairs.
Cardinal Seraflno Vannutelll Is unques
tionably the strongest j rival of Gotti. A
Cardinal who is a leader in liberal views
is Agliardi, and he probably will have
the full support of , Cardinal Gibbons of
Baltimore. But his elevation to the
Papal chair is deemed impossible. Nev
ertheless, as representing the progressive
section of the church, he will have some
supporters in the ; conclave. .
A large force of servants is busy pre
paring rooms on the ground floor of the
Vatican for, the use of the Cardinals and
their servants : at the approaching con
clave. Each" Cardinal is entitled to a sec
retary as well as a servant. One hundred
and eighty rooms' wUl be necessary for
their accommodation. ;. ,The ' attendants
have also prepared^a'great'pit,* which is
capable of roasting a half-grown bullock.
This was used at ithe- conclaves "at which
Gregory, Plus and . Leo were elected.
It will ' be necessary to administer ex
treme unction when death again ap
proaches,-according .to the rules of- the
church,' because the sufferer In the mean
time rallied, sufficiently^ to again partici
pate in mundane affairs. .
CANCER RUMOR IS REVIVED.'
.The correspondent of , ah English' news
paper met , a ; prominent Rome , physician
with Dr.- Rossini; /one of the Pope's ; doc
tors, \ to-night. • The • physician, .who [ is "; a
friend of the correspondent, remarked:
"It seems' that the Pope's -disease is
cancer of the pleura.",
The correspondent asked: "How do you
know this?'*..;.. -.,';¦-" -¦ '<;'.'. ;:..•'¦ ¦ ." >.- ; . :
, "That," 'the doctor smilingly replied, "is
asking tbo'much. '"'."¦-.¦ .,',«-- -.." ' . ,
The journallstHhen 1 asked:' '.'Have you
deduced it. from trie; bulletins?" ,
The doctor replied,: still * smiling:
are;too inaulsltivel". t
¦.The physlcian\then "introduced < the cor
respondent f to • Dr. /Rossini, ; who threw , up
both*' hands* anda exclaimed "In mock; hor
ror:'^ •;! '¦¦ ?.¦¦,,¦ -•¦ - ' .-;¦: {¦;¦-,; I
V "I am "besieged: I [cannot stand 1 ; it any
longer," then} fled: ,*,' / . ' . , . ; ', ..
To-night's bulletin, .while it showed; that
there had .been; some retrogression, was
not. interpreted : a*s jalarming. . , ¦
¦', " Great ; interest) is * felt in the , fact i that
PASIG RIVER INFECTED
WITH GERMS OF CHOLERA
Harine Hospital Experts Say Natives
Contract Disease by Drink
ing the Water.
WASHINGTON. July IS.— A report from
Manila to the Marine Hospital Service
says that the majority of cholera cases
continue to occur on vessels lying in the
shallow side of the Pasig River. The re
port says that this indicates that the
river must be infected, especially near the
banks, where the water is sluggish. The
native crews bathe here and sometimes
use this water for drinking and for wash
ing vessels. No white persons have been
affected, the cholera being found only
among Filipinos, the only persons who
come into contact with the suspected wa
ter.
Two interisland ships have been report
ed as having had cholera since leaving
this port, but this report says the islands
are bo generally Infected throughout that
It is scarcely justifiable at this time to
resort to an outgoing quarantine; which
means a. hardship to the business of the
island*, more especially as its value Is
problematical.
TRINIDAD, Colo., July 18.-A violent
hailstorm this afternoon, followed by a
cloudburst one mile south of Trinidad,
caused thousands of dollars damage and
compelled a number of families to nee for
their lives. Hall covered the ground to
a depth of six inches.
West of Slmpspns Rest a large arroyo
was flooded so quickly that the occupants
of 100 houses along the bank barely had
time to run for their lives. One house,
occupied by a man' named* Gray, -was
washed away a moment after Gray, .had
rescued his wife, who was lying ill in bed.
The Santa Fe depot was inundated to a
depth of nearly two feet and the base
ments of many business houses were
flooded.
The Commercial RfveT rose three feet in
thirty minutes and many , culverts .and
small bridges were washed out. Part of
the Denver and Rio Grande bridge east
of El Moro was washed out, compelling
that road to use the Santa Fe tracks. \ :
The water soon subsided, but left drift
wood piled so high about 'the Santa Fe
depot that buses were unable ' to reach
it with passengers. It is believed that
the tracks will be cleared by noon to
morrow. • .- . ,.. .
PUEBLO, Colo., July 18.— A special to
the Chieftain from . VI neland says : One
of the heaviest hail storms ever experi
enced in this county visited -Vineland this
afternoon accompanied by a high wind:
The hailstones were as large . as walnuts
and the ground was " covered ' by Ice to a
depth of three inches. 1 The alfalfa crop
was beaten Into the [ ground and trees
were stripped of their fruit.' The area of
the storm was only about. three miles, but
the damage done Is considerable.
YOUNG KING OF SPAIN
IS WITHOUT A CABINET
Hinisters Resign and Premier Ell
-vela Declines to Name Their
Successors.
MADRID. July 15.— After a lonj; discus
tion en the navy vote In the Covjldl this
afternoon, &11 the members of tjie Cab
inet t#r*fj*d their resignations *> Prime
Minister EUvela, who laid then* before
the King. The latter thereupon requested
Elgnor SUvela to form a new Cabinet, but
the Premier declined and the 'Marquis
Villaverce, formerly Minister of finance,
was summoned to the Palace.
LONDON. July 18.— A Central I*ews dis
patch from Madrid says the ministerial
crisis is the result of differences »of opln-
ion regarding the reconstruction of the
Spanish navy, raising its ttrcngtji to'ap
proximately what is was prior tojthe war
with th« United States.. ;' #
GIRLS CLIMB POLES
" ; AND WORK AS LINEMEN
Fair Telephone Employes in a Wash
ington Town. Are Undis
turbed by Strike. •
SPOKANE, Wa=n.,- July 18.— Two young
women shinning up a telephone pole with
the paraphernalia carried by linemen cre
ated a mild sensation in Republic, Wash.,
last evening. It became^ necessary '.-, to
place a new' cable fuse In a box fortv or
fifty ' feet', above .the j ground. ] . Owing ' to
the strike of linemen no men were about
who knew how to do the work.
Miss "Alice Mullen and Miss Minerva
Foley, respectively business manager and
operator in the Pacific States Telephone
Company office here, undertook the. job
and ascended the pole like veterans,.per
forming, their, task with neatness and dis
patch. A curious crowd , gaped at the
young women, but no disrespect was
shown. . '¦ .. ' . '
FALL FROM HORSE CAUSES
:, ABSENCE FROM FUNCTION
General Brugere Explains Why He
Failed to- "Attend « President , J \
:." * Loubet's Luncheon.'; -
PARIS, July 18.— Considerable surprise
has been expressed over ¦' the -failure
of General Brugere, commander .'in chief
of the French army; to attend j the ! lunch
eon Riven by *Pr§slde"nt"Lbubef'and'the
dinner given by' "War -Minister /Andre '.on
the occasion of the Fete Natlonale, July
14. It now transpires that' General Bru
gere was ' the victim of an . accident on
the day preceding those functions." While
returning on . horseback * from- an ' Inspec
tion, accompanied j by his^ son-InMaw, both
horses fell, ¦¦ throwing their* riders.'. Gen
eral Brugere's hand was'caugbt, under his
son-in-law's horse and was badly - hurt."
The general was advised ' to ; , take '• a* fort
night's rest and '. he- is : spending ' it ' upon
his estate ¦ near- Orleans. • • . -
MANCHXTEIA1T QUESTION,
IS STILL IN TETE AIR
Ports to Be Opened Have Not Been
Selected Hor Any Details
'Arranged.
ST. PETERSBURG, July. 18. —The For
eign Office states that the Manchurlan
question has not yet reached a stage Jus
tifying a formal statement at this i time.
It points out that the pourpatlers are
continuing, that neither the ports to be
opened nor the details have ;been ar
ranged. Nothing has yet appeared in any
Russian paper on either eide of fills quea
ttca. . .. ,; - ¦• _
Shoots Enemy and Hills Himself.'
WICHITA, Kans., July 18.— Dr. George
DOyle', shot' and killed George' Vemer to
day. . He . tnVn ' took poison arid ,. was dead
fifteen minutes later. • : The. 1 tragedy,- was
the result or a' feud of long 'standing and
lt'afose over; Doyle grazing his horses on
parking ; under '¦ the care of • Verner.' ¦ j They
met 1 to-night and quarreled bitterly when
Doyle -went ' and '- got ¦ his • shotgun.*/ Ver«
"ner'was'an old's&ldler aged 64 'years. Dr.
Doyle 'was • about 60 years of age. ¦ > ,
¦ — w i n - it ¦ f iii ¦ m ¦ Vi . ¦ill i jwitt....^ Tin, ii tain 1 1, ii . nffy.'tT ¦.fiTi
Ontario Has Drowning Mystery.
PORT STANLEY.; Ont, /July -18.— The
body of a woman;' abouC 25 years /of/age
was washed upon the. ; beach this morn-
Ing. The body was "stylishly dressed,, with
beautiful . underwear.; * and'- high, heeled
French kid shoes.* 1 ," An^ugly^looklng cut
was on the right temple, which gives rise
lo a suspicion of < murder. '"
BERLIN, July 18.— A dispatch' from
Molde, Norway, announces that the Ger
man imperial yacht Hohenzollern' and the
Hamburg-American line steamer Auguste
Victoria,' from, New York, have arrived
there,, the latter - having many - American
tourists on board. EmperorJWllllam per?
mltted the passengers of the Auguste Vic
toria to visit the Hohenzollern,' and races
occurred between [ the boats of ¦; the two
steamers.- The Emperor rewarded the vlc-1
tors with money prizes. •
Amcng the guests who" were, invited to
dine on board the Hohenzollern .was Gen
eral Draper, t ormer^Unlted States Mlnis-1
ter at Rome. ; - , : •:••'¦¦.' '\ -'""-
Kaiser Welcomes the Passengers of
a Commercial Liner Aboard
the Hohenzollern.
AMERICAN-, TOURISTS VISIT
EMPEEOR WILLIAM'S' YACHT
killed. Speaking to The Call correspond
ent, she said the road was completely
deserted when the accident occurred. Her
testimony 'on this point is supported by
the fact that as the telephone from the
chateau was not working well she had to
ask a girl who passed, driving a farmer**
cart, to hasten with all possible speed to
Pacy and send a doctor.
It is certain, as she says, that she would
have asked one of the bicyclists to do thla
service if any had been In sl«ht. partlcu-
Commissioners In Western States, have
been dismissed from office or compelled
to resign. United States Senators are in
volved. Indictments* have 'been 'obtained,
by the Department of Justice. Millions
of acres and probably more than $50,000,000
are involved.
During no previous year in the history
of the Government have sales aggregated
such a large figure as during the last
fiscal year, according to returns soon to
be published by the ' Department of the
Interior. Public land frauds have been
disclosed for many years, but recent In
vestigations conducted by Commissioner
of Public Lands William A. Richards
have revealed wholesale disposal of Gov
ernment' timber, mineral, coal and 'Other
lands .which was not suspected when. the
investigation began after the resignation
of former General Land Commissioner
Blsger Hermann.
The disclosures have led to the suspen
sion of many entries, grants and titles.
Entries in California, Oregon and Wash
ington have been generally held up.
Evidence gathered by George F. Pol
lock, chief of' the special service division
of the General Land Office, resulted in
the . dismissal of a group of local Land
Commissioners and showed systematic
frauds which" cost the Government many
millions, of dollars annually. As » re
sult of the proof obtained fraudulent
transfers of.. Government • timber, mineral
and coal lands in California; Oregon,
Washington. Colorado, Mexico, Louisiana,
Idaho, Kansas, Minnesota and other
States special effort will be made by offi
cials of the Department of the Interior
to have the timber and mineral law re
pealed.
At least two United States Senators ar*
reported to be Involved in the disclosures
made, although, officials of the General
Land Office are reticent regarding their
identity.
Government land frauds, involving vast
sums of money, have been unearthed In
the Land . Office 'by an Inspection which
has lasted several months. Within a few
months more than a dozen prominent.pol
iticians,, occupying positions as Land
Violent Storm in
Southern Col
orado.
W. W. Sylvester, vice president of the
road, said to-day that it,- had ' been the
desire of the Orient Railway to not "only
have . the shortest line .to \ the Pacific
Ocean; but to the City of ( Mexico and Port
of Tamfflco as. well. "He would not indi
cate ! the . exact i route,', but'" eald that it
would be from a point' in Texas to a con
nection with ; the : Mexican? International;
that it would' make the ; distance 'from
Kansas City to the City | of Mexico only
1700 miles, or forty-eight ; 'hours' '¦' ride,
against eighty-five' hours now consumed ;
that it would be the "shortest line, _ not
only. from, Kansas City,;but fronTDenver
and the Northwest: that within eighteen
months tile line would , be-in operation
from Kansas City to San Angelo, and be
running through trains to the -City.' of
Mexico, and, within two years and a half,
to the Pacific Coast.
the City of Mexico, according, to advices
received to-day at the headquarters of
that company in this city from" President
Arthur' E. Stillwell;--who-is"now in Eu
rope/' ; .;.' ';¦ ' : "." ¦ ' •¦••-¦¦; - J
HAIL LIES
SIX INCHES
IN DEPTH
.Mrs. Susan H. R. Van Nort died on July
23, 1900. She left a net personal estate of
$182,000, In addition to real estate. She
was 70. years of age at the time of her
death and had been a woman of unusual
beauty;
'Mrs. Van Nort had been married sev
eral times. She was Mrs. Susan Roberts
when, at Saratoga, she 'men Mr. Van
Nort; some years ago. He had married
Emma Irene Beemer in San ¦ Francisco
and they came East to reside. 'After
meeting Mrs. Roberts he separated from
his wife and she brought an action to
recover damages from Mrs. Roberts for
alienation of her husband's affections.
That suit was never tried.
Mother and daughter had not seen each
other in more than a quarter of a cen
tury, the daughter having .been left In
Ireland by the mother when she Was an
infant.
NEW YORK. July 18.— With the distri
bution and payment of an estate of more
than $200,000 to Mrs. Isabella Keegan
Duffy of Tyringham, Mass, which it has
,been found she Is entitled to as the only
child of Mrs. Susan H. R. Van Nort, lit
igation of 'an- unusual character. Involv
ing a woman with a remarkable career,
is concluded.
Its Final Distribution Ends Liti
gation of an Unusual
Character.
MRS. VAN ITORT'S ESTATE
"GOES TO HER DAUGHTER
It was practically agreed to make a test
case, application for divorce being de
nied and the case carried at once to the
Supreme Court on a writ of mandamus. "
Five out of the six attorneys argued
thai the two new sections added to the
civil code are not constitutional. Judge
Torrance held that the law Is not consti
tutional, calling attention to the problem
involved in the granting of a divorce,
followed by the re-marriage of the par
ties divorced and the birth of children to
the latter marriage if. at some future
time the Supreme Court should decide
that the law was not unconstitutional.
Judge Conklin also held that the law
is unconstitutional. It was argued that
the law is special in that a
final judgment cannot be entered " for a
period: of one year after the court de
termines by an interlocutory decree that
one- of the parties is entitled to a divorce,
whereas in other civil actions, such' as
suits for foreclosure of mortgages, etc.,
final judgment is entered immediately
upon the conclusion of the trial, or as
soon as the Judge has determined the
rights of the parties.
JAN DIEGO, July 18.— Judges Conk
lin and Torrance of the Superior
Court, sitting in bank to-day heard
arguments for and against the con
stitutionality of the divorce law
passed by the last Legislature.
Test Case Will Go
Into Supreme
Court.
SAN DIEGO SUPERIOR JUDGE
WHO PASSED ON THE NEW
DIVORCE LAW.
On file In the cQce of Rear Artroiral
Bradford chief of the Bureau of Equip
ment, are the charts and maps showing
th» location of the seven islands in con
troversy — Bagissn. Taganao. Bakkun
icraan, T^V^m*^, Booam 'w SIbeung and
Lang-Kayan. These lslaAds are clearly
outside cf the marine leagae of the Bor
neo coast, and. therefore, under the terms
of the two treaties, belong to the United
States.
It is said at the Navy Department that
Rear Admiral Evans, knowing these*
facts, recently sent one of the Philippine
.gunboats to the islands to survey them
and mark them as American territory-
It Is explained that the islands have
etrategical Importance, and for this
reason the United States under no cir
cumstances will part with them.
WASHINGTON. July H— No communi
cation >" .yet reached the Stats Depart
ment from the- British Government about
sever*! Islands o2 the coast of Borneo,
new la possession of the- United States,
"which some members of tho House of
Commons seexn to tv^y belong to Great
Britain.
The State Department, however, Is pre
pared to give & prompt and conclusive
answer when Lord Lansdowno's Inquiry
reaches here. Before leaving Washing
ton yesterday Secretary Hay looked per
sonally Into the Question and satisfied
himself that the British Government had
not the shadow of a «*iai-n on the Islands
In cucsHon. "When the inquiry reaches
here Actii^ Secretary Loomls, In reply-
Ing, -win ™»ti the attention of the London
Government first to the treaty of 1SSS
between Great Britain. Germany and
Epain. by which the last-named nation
was to have title over all the i^a-n^y out
tide a marine league's distance of the
Borneo coast. Later, in the treaty which
this Government negotiated with the
Sultan of Jolo for the purchase of cer
tain islands belonging to Wm m a drag-net
clause was Inserted, claiming for the
United States all of those islands which
had been ceded to Spain by the treaty
of 1SS5.
Under No Circumstances
Will the Possessions
Be Given Up.
Unequivocal Answer
Awaits British
Inquiry.
Claims Right to
Territory Off
Borneo.
AMERICA
WILL KEEP
TIE ISLES
VOLUME XCIV— NO. 49.
The San Francisco Call.
SAN FRANCISCO, StJNDAY, JULY 19, 1903— FORTY-EIGHT PAGES.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SOUTHERN JUDGES
HOLD DIVORCE LAW
UNCONSTITUTIONAL
Pages 2 1 to 32
Pages 21 to 32" "Any number of speculators and middle
men, people engaged in , suspicious pur
suits,'are Implicated In' the affair."
Now the Vanderbilt family is in posses
sion of evidence which Is said to . prove
conclusively ; and . lncontrovertlbly that
Maurane was in Paris on August 12, al
though in hl3 evidence he swiars he was
enjoying .himself in Trouvllle.
Mas is a former ' theatrical agent and
Maurane a former schoolmaster. The In
translgeant is in a white heat of indigna
tion over their -arrest. ' v
« "This is a scandalous violation of lib
erty and the rights of men," It shrleka.
"It takes place in Paris ana is committed
upon the persons of two French citizens
because an American billionaire, who sees
himself deprived of Mr. Fair's "inherit
ance, contests the testimony of these hon
est rhen." • • •-_
The Petit Parisieno appears to believe
further arrests imminent. . A mass of cor.
respondence has been seized at the houses
"of, the accused men .which, it is said, has
reference to their 'testimony.
: , Tho Petit Parislene'says: -
The girl who carried the message to the
doctor at Pacy swears that she neither
passed nor was passed by any bicyclist
on her way thither.' Furthermore, a. man
driving. a. mowing: machine? has testified
under oath that he saw the automobile
pass, but that nelther_,b^fore nor after
did he see any bicyclists on the road lead
ing to Pacy.'
'Another point which tells against the
probabllity of Maurane' s declaration Is
that he claims he left Paris for Trouvllle
on August 7, 8 or 9; he Is not sure of the
exact date, but swears it was not later
than the »th. --
larly as Mas and Maurane assert that
they were going to Pacy to take a train
for Paris. •
Continued From Page SI, Column 7.
ARHEST OF WITNESSES,
Past Chief Rangers Organize.
A large number of the past chief rang*
era' of Courts of the 'Ancient Order j>t
Foresters of this city have organized an
association on purely social lines, with
a view toward assisting the order when
ever and wherever practicable. W. J.
Yarrow of Court Occidental was elected
chairman and A. C. r Lee; secretary. >
Friends of the -Forest Picnic.
Magnolia and Olive /.Branch Lodges of
the Friends of the Forest will give- their
first Joint annual picnic In Germanla Gar
dens to-day. A number., of games have
been arranged for. and many gate prizes
are to be distributed. .
Sacrifice to Science.
A .' well known surgeon was recently
called upon to perform an operation on
the person of a small son of a prominent
merchant of this city.
Prior to the preparation, his mother
proposed that hc_Should say hi* prayers.
This the little fellow did, after which, the
nurse began to rtmove his clothing, while
the mother stood by weeping.
Suddenly he asked: "Mamma, mayn't
I say another prayer?"
"Certainly, dear; pray all you wish."
The little fellow at once got down, on
Lincoln Circle, Comparilbns of the For
est of ,Americ*W ..will give Its first anni
versary ball in Golden Gate Hall next
Wednesday evening under the direction of
Dr. dc Witt. Miss Stella Beardsley. Miss
Lulu Mitchell, Miss Annie Schroeder. Miss
THIie Meyers, Miss Kate"*Antbne and Lee
Duncan. A. C. Lee will be the floor
manager and F. B.' Beutler his assistant.
Xincoln. Circle's Ball.
The general was born sixty years ago
In Frankfort-on-the-Maln, Germany, and
at the age of 6 years came to the United
States and located in Philadelphia. After
competitive examination: His administra
nected In 1859 with the Important jewelry
house of Mlndll Brothers & Co., in Phila
delphia. He remained with the firm until
the breaking out of the Civil War. when
he enlisted in the Federal army and made
an "enviable record. After the war Gen
eral Mlndil was successively connected
with Marx & Weis, H. Muhr's, Sons, the
Dueber Watchcase Company,, the Dubols
Watchcase Company and the American
Watehcase Company.
General Mlndil was appointed to his
present position of examiner of precious
stones and kindred lines In ISM after a
competitive examination. HIa administra
tion as examiner has been very success
ful, and his Judgment on all matters con
nected with the diamond and jewelry
trade, together with his' fairness, firm
ness and ability, commends him alike to
the Government and to importers.— New
York Commercial.
General George W. Mlndll, the United
States Government diamond expert at
New York, enjoys the distinction, of be
ing in a class by himself, as he is the
only special examiner of precious stones
in the employ of the United States. Gen
eral Mlndll la now examining merchan
dise estimated to aggregate J30.000.000 an
nually. .
Customs Diamond Expert.
Mrs. Belinda' S. . Bailey, presented her
ciedentlals - appointing her | to represent
National President Mrs. ; Anna M. : HaU,
of Wheeling. W. Va., in the Department
of California and Nevada.
Plans were discussed for the . reception
and entertainment of the officers and del
egates to the national convention and
committees were' appointed on reception,
badges and "souvenir. It was decided that
the Department of California and Ne
vada teller h reception to the national
officers and delegates on Wednesday even
ing. August 19, in Union Square Hall. At
the | next meeting of '¦ the council. July ' 22,
additional': committees'; will .be named to
aid In making ': the coming ' encampment
the most pleasant ¦ in the annals of the
organization. ' .
. .The "Department > of California and Ne
vada. Woman's Keiief Corps) has appoint-
Klla Fmeflley. Oakland: Mrs. Venice Gush
ing, Oakland ; Mrs. C. E. Sblrland,' Sacra
mento: Mrs. Abby Burgess, San Jose: Mrs. Be
linda S. Bailey, Ban Francisco; Mrs. E. P. An
derson. Ban Jose; Mrs.' Eva J. French, Del
Monte; Mrs. Belle S. Herr, Sacramento; Mrt.
Pauline Willis. Ala.meda: Mrs. E. H. Wag
goner. Sacramento; Bell« Ingram, Los Angeles;
Mrs. C. H. Bpence, Los Angeles; Mrs. O. A.
Welch, San Jose.- , .
The following department officers at
tendejl the meeting: s
Mrs. M. J. Griffiths, department president;
Mrt. Abbte A*. Powls. department, secretary ;
Mrs. E. R. Holly, department treasurer; Mrt.
Martha Herrlck. department senior .vice presi
dent: Mrs. Sarah Machen, department junior
vice nretident: ' Mrs. Hattie B. - Bhorkley, ; de
partment chaplain.
Mrs. Margaret J. Griffiths,- president of
the Departmentof California and Nevada,
Ladles of the Grand Army, called a meet
ing of the department council last
Wednesday to make " arrangements for
the reception and entertainment .of tha
delegates who will come here to the an«
nual convention of the national organiza
tion. The council is composed of the fol
lowing members:
The committee of management suggests
that team drivers avoid driving past or
under lhe arch which is being erected at
the intersection of-Market. Kearny. Third
and Geary streets, known as "newspaper
corners," from now on until the Grand
Army National \ Encampment shall be
pvef. The committee^ is certain that the
travel of trucks and wagons which have
loads' for tfiat locality or the Immediate
vicinity form but a small percentage of
the vast number of vehicles driving along
Market street, when it would be much
nearer for thenvto travel on any "of the
parallel streets south from Market.; The
committee may issue an appeal to the
drivers asking. them to avoid that block
on Market street as much as possible un
til the arch shall be removed. -
dally increasing business , pressure. Te^
grams and letters of Inquiry Indicate that
the public Interest in the approaching
event is widespread. The veterans are
now deeply concerned in the work of the
finance committee. A considerable sum of
money in addition to the amount already
subscribed will be required to carry out
the plans of decoration and entertain
ment on the scale of magnificence which
the executive committee has approved.
The following additional contributions to
the entertainment fund, were reported .at
headquarters yesterday: .'
Amount heretofore reported. $11,230; Raph
aels, ?50; J. A. Roebling. $25; Miller & Lux,
$100; Domestic Sewing Machine Company. $10;
Ford & Co., $20; N. Blaekower & Co., $25;
Boston Rubber Woven Hose Company. $10;
California Glue Works, $10: Alaska. Packers*
Association, $50; Ames & Harris. $25; Al
phonse Judls Company. $10; Q. I>. -Baldwin &
Sen. $25; Baumgarten & Co.. $10: California
Mill Company, $10;.. Castle Bros., $20; Charles
F. Doe &,Co., ?20; M. Ehrmann t Co., $10;
Joseph Fredericks Company. $10: J. A. Folder
& Co., $25; Hastings Clothing Company. $25;
J. C. Johnson Company. $20: Lash Bitters
Company. $10; Langley & Michaels. $25; Mu
tual- Savlnts Bank. ¦ $5Ov Rlsdon -;lron W.orks.
$25; Plerson & Dean. $10: Captain Ovenneyer,
$20? Schwartz & Meyer. $10; SHter & BIrdsa.ll,
$25; Nick Ahrens, $20; John Brenner Company,
$25; Ferry Cafe. $50; Harry T. Cresswell. $20;
Cluett. Pea body & Ctif. $20; Byxbee & Clark.
4tl0;S.:Bachman & Co.. $25; Hooper & Jen
nlnes, ,$25; E. W. Hopkins, $20; Hammersmith
& Field;. $.10; fi. A: Kolb & Co.'. $10; McNab
& Smith".' $10;' Robs Bros., $25;- Standard
Electric Construction Company. *25: Sperry
Flower Company. $20; Tntum & Bowen. $10:
"Winchester Repeating Arm* Company, $10;
Sanborn & Vail, $25: Vulcan Iron -Works, .$10;
P. J. Wenlper. f lOOr C. F. Wedemeyer, $20.
Total.. $12,405. '.". >
Mrs. Mary B. Woodward, chairman. Lyon
Corps, Oakland; Mrs. Annie H. Leavitt, Mrs.
Annie Paj?e and Mrs. Flora E. Bowley. Meaile
Corps: Mrs. Ad«>Iln6 ".Berry and Mm. M. E.
Lincoln, IMn<:9ln ; £d'r,j>i>; .
ed a committee to prepare the headquar
ters for the Massachusetts delegation and
receive and entertain the visltbra from
thai State: The members of the commit
tee are former residents of Massachusetts
and represent different corps of the De
partment, of California*.' and Nevada. The
committee ¦ met yesterday iri the head
quarters of General George Stone, Grand
Hotel, -and made preliminary arrange
ments to cmbollish the headquarters of
the Massachusetts delegation, which have
been secured at the Palace Hotel, and
near the national headquarters.
.Plans for the reception and entertain
ment of the visitors have been outlined
and will be reported at the next meeting.
It has been learned that the Massachu
setts delegation will' entertain at G61den
Gate Hail and the Callfornlans want to
reciprt>cate ; with a genuine Californian re
ception and -entertainment during the
stay of '--the ' Massachusetts people. The
committee - is composed of the following
ladles,- « v" <" - '
Dr. Rossini, who. is an intimate friend
jsf Dr. Basselli. Minister of Commerce and
Agriculture, has not concealed from the
latter, according to the Journal's corre
spondent, that his diagnosis differs from
that of his colleagues- and he considers
Pope Leo's condition hopeless. Dr Ros
eoni is said further to be unwilling to
contradict officially the affirmations of
the other doctors and only signs the bul
letins givng the general* state of the
Pope's illnc-FS without specifying the dis
ease from which his Holiness is suffering
drawn from the chest leaves no doubt as
to the nature of the disease.
Dr. Callandreau of the Bureau of Longi
tudes of Paris has printed the result of a
comparison of the crblts of the asteroids
and of the periodic comets of short pe
riod, and has formulated the following
conclusions: 1. At the inferior limit of
the asteroidal ring at small aphelion -dis
tances small "eccentricities and inclina
tions are to be found. 2. The eccentrici
ties Increase with the aphelion distances
but this is not true for the inclinations'
The orbits appear to be divisible into two
groups; the action of Jupiter is manifest
in the distribution of the orbits. 3. At
greater distances at the extreme limit of
the zone the short period comets are dis
tributed in a special manner. The marked
variations of the eccentricities at less dis
tances, followed by a diminution of the
perihelion distance, an appulse to the or
bit of Jupiter, and the mechanical and
physical action of the planet explain the
apparition of new cornets. These bodies
being • loosely Constituted are frequently
dissolved, leaving thus a provision of
matter available for new formations.
New York Sun.
Comets and Asteroids.
THREE MEMBERS OF THE RECEPTION COMMITTEE APPOINTED
TO WELCOME VETERANS' AT THE GRAND ARMY NATIONAL EN
CAMPMENT, WHICH WILL BE HELD^HERE NEXT MONTH, i
B££r ....... V ?f. a^ r# - S 8T^ e - •$»
Hamburg • 1™ fJ.Sg 20.10b
Mediterranean 23 14,603 502
Antwern 54 4 t.Hw 0,010
HaVrT '::::........&> . *w* . «.*"
Utverpoii '........ ...:-«3 . 40.225 . . 18.4&2
Liverpool ' 61 . 7,3,630 1«.3W
Mediterranean 34 31.4TO 1.304
Southampton 54 2O-|S2
Sr 1 "".::::::::" -58 k «.»
McdUerVaneaA XI ¦ 56.143 - 95
Mediterranean 22 20.228 4g
Mediterranean 1« lf]*4 «
Mediterranean ...: 8 ,1'JiJ t *cV«
ffiT sen :.::::::::: ° : S
fcSKS •.•.¦".•::., 4 f |^| -«i
Glasgow -7 • i- 91 * 9 -•*;•
koadon ?o ..... S.SU
Miscellaneous «» 6.9°S 891
Totals'.......-- »22 874.276 138.843
The average number of passengers per
voyage was: North German Lloyd (Bre
men) 1243; Hamburg-American Line
(Hamburg), 1013: Cle. I Gen. Transatlan
tique (Havre), 985; Red Star line ; (Ant
werp), 1000; White Star line (Liverpool),
902; Holland- America line (Rotterdam),
80!)' Cunard Line (Liverpool), 784; Amer
ican line (Southampton), 650. The North
German Lloyd carried 138,464 passengers
to New York, 4D.46O to Baltimore and 1811
to Galveston. or 189,738 ffa all.— New York
During the year 1902, 714,121 persons were
landed at New York by European steam
ers, including 139,848 cabin and 574,276
steerage passengers. The following table
shows the details:
Immigration at New York.
The treat of the evening was the sing
ing 'of Charles ; Loftu8, known as the
"lyric tenor." whose performance so
pleased the large audience that he was
recalled again and again. Samuel Booth
sang some amusing campaign songs in
excellent voice and a colored quartet ren
dered some old plantation melodies. '::
Among the other speakers were State
Senator E. I. Wolfe, former Superior
Judge George H. Bahrs, A. Ruef, Carey
Van Fleet,- John C. Lynch, Marc An
thony, Daniel A-. Ryan and P. A. Ber
gerot. ' .".'.¦ .
The United' Republican League Club of
the -Fortieth Assembly District held a
large and enthusiastic meeting in Frank
lin Hall last night, at which . many elo
quent speeches were made, interspersed
with delightful music.
Henry Ach presided over the meeting
and made one of the striking addresses
of the evening, denning the policy o< the
United Republican League clubs, plead
ing for united : action, asking for aboli
tion of the one man power and giving as
the slogan. "New San Francisco."
Enthusiastic Audience Greets Speak
ers of United League Club
at Franklin Hall.
REPUBLICANS MEET
IN FORTIETH DISTRICT
SAN JOSE. July lS.-Mrs. W. H. Ar
nold, wife of "a grocery employe, was ter
ribly burned at her kitchen in the Odd
Fellows' buildinc this • forenoon by the
explosion of a can of gasoline. She died
at 4 o'clock this afternoon.
The woman ran out of the room envel
oped in flames and was seen' by the Jani
tor, W. F. King, who instantly, regard
less of danger, to himself, threw a blan
ket around her and extinguished the 'fire.
Mrs. Arnold was burned from head to
foot. King's hands were burned ana his
mustache and eyebrows are gone. The
fire in the room was extinguished before
much damage was done.
Mrs. Arnold's baby_had been playing
with the can, which was on a stand near
a lighted gas stove. The child unscrewed
the cover of the can and the explosion
followed. The child was not injured.
A dispatch to fhe Petit Journal from
Rome.eays It is affirmed that the Pope
is not GuJtering from pleura, but from
cancer of the pleura and that Dr. Ros
eoni openly declares this at the Academy
of Medicine and at clinics which he at
tends daily. An examination of the liquid
PARIS, July 1?.— The Paris edition of
the Herald publishes a dispatch from
Rome saying members of the Papal court
intend to have his Holiness informed of
the presence in Europe of Cardinal Gib
bons, when Pope Leo will surely summon
the Cardinal to Rome in order to have a
conversation with hlm_cpricerning Cathol
icism in the United States. '
Among the latest of the many evidences
of continued eympathy with the Pontiff
in his illness, showing that his fight for
life is watched by the highest and the
lowest, was the arrival at the Vatican to
day of a case of mineral water sent by
Emperor Francis Joseph of Austria to
the Pope. Their peculiar medicinal prop
erties, it is asserted, may relieve the se
cretionary disorders of the Pontiff, which
the doctors" bulletins have recently an
nounced.
Deprived of rest, the Pope spent the day
which has just ended with a serious de
pression. The doctors reported a feeble
but rapid pulse, which was generally
taken to Indicate a playing out of the
patient's forces. The favorable eymptom
recorded in the morning, the lowering of
the p'euralic liquid, was sufficiently main
tained to relieve the Pontiff of his painful
struggles for breath, which lately have
been so frequent. The doctors fear that
the gradual sinking Is due to general
conditions rather than to the necessity
for another operation, which seemed^so
imminent on Thursday. The sleepless
night was succeeded by a day during
which the Pope seemed to lack any de-
Elre to vary the medical routine by re
ceiving- \isits from Cardinals or others.
Both morning and afternoon he remaineS
isolated from all rave the doctors and
attendants. The nourishment which the
Pontiff tock at first somewhat encouraged
Lis entourage, but the condition of the
patient this evening pointed to the fact
that it had no had any beneficial effect.
What Is now most heped for is that the
Pope may be enabled to secure much
needed rest.
PATIENT MUCH DEPRESSED.
America will be represented for the first
time at the coming conclave. Etiquette
forb!is Cardinal Gibbons" coming to Rome
until after lhe Pope's death. Strong ef
forts will be made to secure more ade
quate representation lor. the-Unlted States
In the Sacred College' during the ~next
papacy.
Baby Plays With Can of
Gasoline and Causes an lf : .v
. Explosion.
Continued From Page 21; Column 4.
POPE'S PUYSiCIAH TAKES HOPE,
Grocer'a Wife Fatally
. Burned at Her San
Jose Home.
FIRE ENVELOPS
HELPLESS WOMAN
his knees, lifted his face upward and.
amid the silence, solemnly said:
"Oh, God. please don't kill me;.- kill ths
doctor, ' Amen." — X. Y. Times.
Then the Mayor spoke of Livernash. He
did not mention names, but innuendos were
sufficient. "Worrying, as my cares of of
fice are," said the chief executive, "the
strain on my brain has never been so
great that I came down town with a dirty
collar and had to go Into a non-union
store, outside of which are stationed union
pickets, and purchase a clean one. Nor
did I ever patronize a non-union barber
shop, when the neighborhood was full of
shops displaying union cards."
party. *
The" outburst of the present Mayor's
feeling occurred at a meeting held in
Teutonla Hall for the purpose of organiz
ing the Schmltz end. The Ewell-Auber
tine committee, which # has been rec
ognized by the election commissioners,
conducted the meeting. About 200 occu
pied chairs and cheered lustily when the
speakers opened a tirade of denunciation
on the Casey sifle of affairs. : •
There were several speakers present-
Walter Gallagher, Thomas Egan, Senator
Bunkers and others. The Mayor, how
ever, was the drawing card of the even
ing. At first he reviewed the politics of
the last two years. He talked of labor
conditions and of the dissensions in the
labor camp and emphasized the accusa
tion of treachery.
"Gentlemen," the Mayor ,cried, "what
do you Intend to do with your party? Do
you expect to permit it to recede into
the hands of the Phelan-McNab element,
or will you follow me as a standard bear
er and vote for the delegates of the
Ewell-Aubertlne Committee? Caeey in
tends nothing more than blindfolding
union men and betraying them into the
hands of these politicians. I warn you all
to be on the alert and make no mistake.
When I became the leader of this party
I made certain pledges. I did not say I
would be immaculate, but I did promise
to stand by the laboring man. That I
have done. Compare'.the condition of or
ganized labor at the present with that of
the past. I did not permit the city's police
to b« surrendered to one faction or cor
poration, nor have I ever permitted the
laborer to suffer."
In the course of his remarks the Mayor
gave his listeners to understand that he
would be a -candidate for renoxnlnation
on the Union Labor ticket and referred
to himself as the standard bearer of the
Mayor Schmltz took occasion last night
to express his sentiments regarding the
Casey faction of the Union Labor party.
Incidentally be said things that were not
favorable to LJvernaah and poured hot
shot Into the enemies' camp. - -
Judge Murasky took both suits under
submission after listening to lengthy ar
guments by Attorney H. C. McPIke. for
the board, and Albert and Hiram John
son, for the petitioners. McPike contend
ed that the court had no Jurisdiction over
the actions, of the. board. The Johnsons
took issue with him on that point and
produced a long list of authorities tend
ing to show that the. facts in the case
showed that the board's action was min
isterial, and not judicial, and therefore
subject to review by the court. - ¦ —
The answer of - the Election Commis
sioners to the suit of August Harders and
Samuel Berger of the antl-Schmltz faction
of .'.thA-. Union; labor party for a writ of
mandate, compelling them to grant their
petition for a place on the ticket to be
used at the coming primary was filed In
Judge Murasky's court yesterday during
the final hearing of the suit. The answer
contains a specific denial of the causes
of action contained in the politicians'
complaint. Jt.also contains-, as'a defense,
the allegation that the plaintiffs are not
the duly authorized leaders of the Union
Labor party. This . fact, 'say the Com
missioners, was learned after a careful
scrutiny of the petition and an exhaus
tive investigation, . and for , that reason
their petition was denied.
An answer was also filed by the Com
missioners to the suit for an Injunction
filed by Harders and Berger restraining
the, board from granting the petition for
recognition filed by the Ewell-Aubertine
faction of the party, which petition was
granted bv the board. The answer. In
the Injunction proceedings is exactly the
same as that filed In the mandamus ac
tion..
Avers Its Refusal to Grant
Petition Followed an
/ Investigation.
Denounces Michael Casey
and E. J. Livernash in
Strong Language.
-
Declares He Is Standard
Bearer of the Union
Labor Party.
Says the Harders-Berger
Faction Is Without
Authorization.
MAYOR SGHMITZ
SCORES ENEMIES
ELECTION BOARD
FILES ANSWERS
ACTIVITY INCREASES AT GRAND
ARMY OF REPUBLIC HEADQUARTERS
Executive Committee s Elaborate Plans for
the Entertainment of-^ Guests and the
Decoration of the City ;Require Money
.j-. r-m EMBERS of the executive com.
J\Y/\\ , m!ttee and subordinate commlt
n W 11'' tees of the Thirty-seventh Na
**• V j\ tional Encampment, , Grand
Army of the Republic, note a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY ID, 1903.
22
I m " f*Pf rooiTrn • ™ «J -
P w CtLcBHATKU *&
" K;8TOMACreA
'If you have any form of stom-
ach trouble you will-find the Bit-
ters very beneficial. It contains
only those ingredients tftat will
strengthen .the stomach. >-
. it for Heartburn, Flatu-
lency,- Indigestion, Dyspepsia or
Malaria. It positively , cures.
Dad way's
ill Pills
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Causes
perfect digestion, -compute t absorption and
healthful regularity. ¦'- :¦ ¦ -.¦.--¦ - ¦ . •'• - '- ¦ ' -
- For the curs of all disorders of the Stomaen.
Liv«r. . Bowels, - Kidneys, -. Bladder. ¦ Female Xr- ;
regulartUes, 'Sick Headache, 1 Biliousness, Ccn- .
stipatlon. Piles and . all derangements Of the
Internal Viscera. ¦- 25c > a box. ' At druggists or
by malL HADWAY * CO* NtiTTork.,-.
DR. PIE3CE'S REMEDIES.
MNerv®H® Woman
Will often feel compelled to 6top the
clock whose ticking seems unbearable to
her. - In . such a nervous 'condition the
woman needs a building up of the entire
system. It is useless to attempt the euro
' .1U-LL— ..^- -^— UL „•— *^u' °^ the nerv C3
1M| .ness remains un-
Hv CS"*^^^"! common cause
lAirn BffiB vromanly organism.
mm I III e^ub P resc "P t i° n cures
B I/I i w I womanly diseases and
Hr / \l MM I t * le nenr ° USnes3 which
H yl jMal they cause. It changes
'JKj^^^' 'ity, dries the drains
""^' *»^^ which weaken women,
heals , inflammation and ulceration and
cures female weakness. It is a perfect
tonic and /nervine, ' tranquilizing^ tie
nerves, promoting the appetite and in-
ducing refreshing sleep.
.-. "When I first wrote you I had been to three
different doctors and two of them said I would
nercr get better without roin; to the hospital
for an operation," writes Mrs. Sclma Erickson.
' of 496 ; Rice . Street, St. Paul, Minn. . " Was not
able to do anything;. If I would eet up and walk
to the kitchen and back I would have to lie in
bed for a day or sometimes two days. Now I
have used six bottles of Dr. Pierce's Favorite Pre-
Bcription and six of the ' Golden Medical Discov-
ery/ and the result is just wonderful. I was so
nervous I had to have some one by my side all
the time eren in day time, and I could hardly
eat anything. ' I took treatment from a doctor
twice a week, and every time I would go there I
felt so sick, but since I Quit all the doctors and
began taking your I medicines J gained I right
along. I weighed 125 pound*, 1 , when I began
taking your medicines (in August) and now
I am up to my raial weight 165. ¦ I am as well
and feel as good as ever." :,
.Frse. -Dr; , Pierce's Common Sense
Medical Adviser is sent free on receipt
of stamps to pay expense of mailing only.
Send 21 one-cent stamps for the book in
paper covers, or ii . stamps for . cloth-«
bound volume. Address Dr. R.V. Pierce,
Buffalo,' N. 1 Y. \ '-. . -;v ¦'.vl
A2VEBTISE2CENTS.
IN WOMAN'S BREAST
A LUMP IS CANCER
A lump or. sore on the Up, face or any
wlt«n «lz months la nearly always
cancer. Xt never pains Tin til
i> .'¦ almost past cut*.
I WILL GIVE $1,000
If I Fail to CURE any CANCER op
Tumor. NO KNIFE OR PAIN.
Wot a Dollar Weed Be Paid Until Coxed,
The nearest painless and Infallible
cure, ever discovered. Best free book on
cancers ever printed sent with tes-
timonials of thousands cured whom you
can see. A small lump In the breast
will poison the glands in the armpit
where cure is often impossible.
In 30 years I have cured more can-
cers than any other doctor living. Why
experiment with the swindling X-Ray
or home treatment until past cure?
Investigate my absolute guarantee.
120-paffe book seat free.
The Dr. Chamley Cancer Cure Co,,
"Strictly Sellable."
Offices: 25-25 Third Si, SAN FRANCISCO.
Please send to some one with Cancer
Tj) AUTOMOBILE (fT s
ftp AND DRIVING 4^
/if EYE PROTECTORS^
IJ 25 cents per pair X*,
™\A/EAK MEN
kiS^*§g DR. HALL'3 RKIN'VIGORATnjt
Sufi B*« stops all losses and unnatural d!s-
0 H charces in 24 hours. Tou tt*\ an
ES!1 ESS improvement frnm the nr»t dose.
BW p"TJl We hav« so much confidence in nur
H'j J UmM treatment that we -orTer Flv««
R*3_f?H il* 101 * 1 *^ reward for any case we
¦bMBSSSil cannot cure. This secret r*mefl/
cures lost power, nightly emissions, wasted or-
gans, varicocele. sleet, strictures, kidney*, tail-
ins memory, drains in the urine. Ronorrhoea.
disease of the Drcstate glamfd and all Other
terrible effects of self-abuse or excesses, which
lead on to consumption and death.' Positively
cures the worst cases in old or young of thai
mortifying condition, quickness of the dis-
charpe, and wanting to do. and you can't. Sent
sealed. %i per bottle, three bottles, $•">. Guar-
anteed to cure any case.
Call or address orders HALL'S MEDICAL*
INSTITUTE. 855 Broadway, Oakland. Cal.
Also for sale at lOTS ! a Market St., B. F. Send,
for free book. s
6 visit DR. JORDAN'S great h
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
\ Cy The Lar?ntAaatamicUMi>*etuniBfk« \
Q »*s*r»~». w< """- Weikiw«» or Any uuncttrl A
• fSS ijjj 1 Specialist on the CoaM. Est 36 yearv Q
A fl^Rf J D R - JCRDAN-DISHASES OF MEN 0
\ lvU&!9B Comulution free and strictly pr-Tats. \
B 3 J&et fl Troatmeni p*rsori!ly or by le-.tcr. A A
\ S W H H '*•""• Cur * "" trnT f «»»« sndertalien. \
OVU 11 V n >«for Bool;. PUI LOHOHU Y of A
» ti II StanwcK, mailko fkbb. (at
A <X li ¦ »»lu»ble book for an) \
" nil. JORDA.V * CO.. 1051 Market St.. S. P. 9
_._„ ,. CUTLERJlf I f
EyMBLADE.mRRANTED
VOtJB SOTTI.'S SECBET
Laid bare in Bridewell's Law of Suggestion. A
complete lo-lesson- course on hypnotism, per-
sonal magnetism, etc.. airing 7 celebrated
methods of hypnotising.' Book sent for only
25c Dept. C. San Francisco Supply Co.. 743
Brannan «t-. San Francisco. Cal. .
Specialties
Adiertised by Responsible Finns of S.F.
WHT NOT RIDE A I ' ,
WOLF-AMERICAN MQBPHINE.
BICYCLE „ Uvut BakiU P«U
Ta« New ModeU Ar» I Cb "*i »0 PAIS
Now in. ii wo 8C?yEiIN3. N
EDWXN M0HR1G. U n.Wtll^OAr
Bicycle, and Sporuns M IQC RUlffV Dart CO.
1522 MARKET ST. _jg» Frfk »C fll T.
EJ.ENSieH&co:~TRUSSES...
• fFonnerly of firm ot -
... Aoaomloal Suppprtora,
Lubricating f\U^ P Etc -
UILj Cauntn Sonoma .
Paints. Varnishes. Etc. _ u _^ ¦
23 Sacramento St. , T , H P S - GTNNEVER.
ELASTIC WFFKIY PAH
Abdominal Supporter*. j£lR D«>a»« «c
Hospital Belts, •* *° Jl
— -Suspensories. • ' ' '
Mad* to order at the iSKflfl
>¦¦ factory. Vl«UU
40 Ellis at.
JOHN W.HOPEWELU O/» f* V#* a n
Rooma 3-4. .•rCPYCar«»
DB. KILMXR'S SWAMP-BOOT.
LITE SAVED^ BY, % SWAMP-BOOT,
The Wonderful Kidney, Liver and
Bladder Bemedj.
SAMPLE BOTTLE SENT PBEE BT MAILT
Swucp-Root. discovered by the eminent
kitorx and bladder specialist, proniptly
cures kidney, liver, bladder and uirlc acid
troublea. . . ._
Eoine cf the early symptonis of weak
kidoeya ere pain or dull ache In the back,
rheumatism, dlEzine&a. headache, nerv-
ousaess, catarrh oi the bladder, sravel or
calculi. bloatI:is.saUow.cQmplexlbn. puf-
fy or dark circles uader the eyes, snppres-
elon of urine, or compelled to pass water
often day and nljht.
The mllfl and extraordinary effect of the
•wcrld-famoiis kldaey rezsady, Dr- Kil-
mer's Stranjp-ltoct. Is soon realized. It
stands the Mfiheet for Its Vonderful cores
oi the most distressing cases. If you need
•t medlclce you ehculd have the best.
Swamp-Root Is not recommended for
everythisr. but IT you hare kidney, liver.
bladder "or uric add trouble you will SLnd
4t Just the remedy you seed.
Sold by druggists in nrty-ceat and one-
dollar sizes. You may have a cample bot-
tle cf Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root and a
pamphlet that tells all about it. Including
many of the thousands cf letters received
from Eufferers cured, both seat free by
iralL Write Dr. Kilmer & Co.. BlnKham-
ton. ?». Y., and please be sure to mention
that ycu read this generous offer In Tho
Saa Frarcisco Sunday CalL Don't make
any mistake, but remember the same. ,
Swamp-Root. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root,
and the address, Blnghamton. X. T., on ,
every bottle. j
' ¦(¦•¦• ,. • ""• ADVEBTISEMBNTS.
Extra Dry.
importations for six months ending June 30,
71,170 £^^ I
! Being greater, by far, than the importations for
any previous six months.
The Extra Dry of the superb 1898 Vintage now
arriving is conceded to be the choicest
\ Champagne produced this decade. . 4/
... Jr
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Merely means the use of eood Yankee judgment in the choice of
a piano and in the selection of a piano house. Our stock of pianos ,
embraces such hish-gradc makes as the
Everett, Steck, Hardman,
Conover and Ludwig,
and a number of others of less prominence.
Our terms will -be adjusted to your approval. J
Call and look throusrh our salesrooms. >T. f
;' ' • : - V.
¦ Exclusive Piano Dealers.
931-933 Market Street
: y SAN FRANCISCO.
JB^- : ¦ Branch/ corner Ninth and Broadway. Oakland, ;-s ., |'V jKANSAS CITY. Mo., July 18.— Elks from all
part* of the "VVeet left for Baltimore on a spe
cial train this afternoon to attend the meeting
of the Grand Lodge. George E. Runlnan of
Kansas City will be selected aa grand Mere-
LONDON, July 18.— According to a
epeclal dispatch from St. Petersburg the
steamer Peter, plying on the river Volga,
has been burned and sixty of those on
board were drowned.
Sixty Drowned'on Biver Volga.
AUSTIN, Texas, July IS.— It is reported
that the Colorado Fuel and Iron Com
pany of Denver Is behind the project to
establish a great iron and steel plant at
the mouth of Balsas River, on the Pacific
coast of Mexico. R. Sprague of Denver
is said to have acquired, on behalf of that
company, extensive Iron ore deposits sit
uated near the proposed site of the plant.
He is quoted as saying that several mil
lions of dollars will^be invested in the en
terprise and that-the particular object of
those interested is'Uo supply the struc
tural Iron and steel to be used in the
Panama Canal and to supply South and
Central American countries with Iron and
steel products. Structural steel and steej
rails will be manufactured.
PUEBLO. Colo., July 18.— Special Agent
Max Pracht of the United States Land
Offlce Is authority for the statement that
the Government will not allow the contest
case over the Las Animos coal lands to
be dropped, but will insist that all land In
question that has been proved to be coal
land be paid for. at the rate of $20 per
acre. Pracht says that other corporations
besides the Colorado Fuel and Iron Com
pany and the Utah Coal Company will be
involved, and he predicts one of^the' larg
est contests In the history of the Land
Offlce. y'.
Denver Corporation Said to Contem
plate Construction of Plant
on Mexican Coast.
WOULD SUPPLY STEEL -^
FOB. PANAMA CANAL WOEK
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, . July 18.— Mrs.
Stanford returned to the university at 3 o'clock
this afternoon from the Tosemlte., Mer purpose
Is to remain at her home on the campus until
the latter part of August before starting on
her trip across the Atlantic.-; g
.WASHINGTON". Jut, 18— The chief elimal
eff.cer has received a dispatch from Alaska
my!;:? that the forest fires continue in U»e
. "Tantca country.
The Foreign Office authorizes the Asso
ciated Press correspondent to say that
the reason for Its refusal to accept the
Klshenev petition was the unalterable ob
jection at the Russian Government to
outside Interference In Internal af
fairs of the empire, and that, even had
the petition been acceptable as a diplo
matic document. Russia would have re
garded the publication of the text before
its transmission as unusual, j The For
eign Office says It is willing to regard the
Incident as closed, and adds that Russia
continues to cherish American friendship.
ST. PETERSBURG. July 18.— The po
lice commissary of the Klshenev district
has transmitted to the Police Commis
sioners in his jurisdiction the following
circular:
As a result of the disturbances at Klshenev
on April 1» and 20. and in consequence also
of the alarming reports In circulation and the
possibility of iresh disorders, many Jewlzh
families have left Klshenev and settled in vil
lage* of the district contrary to . the law of
May. 1682. Consequently, with a view of
Avoiding the very disagreeable result to which
thl« mlKfat lead, I herewith Instruct commis
saries to take vigorous measures for the ex
pulsion of such Jews from localities where they
have no ri«ht to live. I think it my duty to
add that If commissaries fall to carry out
these Instructions I will deem myself obliged
to Inform the Governor thereof.
HELENA, Mont.. July 18.— The Butte
and Salmon River Electric Railroad Com
pany, with a capital of $2,000,000. was in
corporated here to-day by P. B. Moss, the
Billings banker, and other Eastern Mon
tana men. The company proposes to build
a railroad from Butte to a point in the
Salmon River country, Idaho, at or near
the mouth of the north fork, by the way
of Horse Prairie, in Beaverhead County.
Montana, and Lemhi Pass. The line will
be 187 miles long.
New Montana Railroad.
REDDING, July 18.— One car and a ca
boose of the north-bound freight train
Jumped the rails this morning at Buck
eye, twenty miles south of here, tore up
the track for 900 feet and were complete
ly wrecked. No one was hurt, but traffic
was delayed six hours.
Car and Caboose Leave the Bails.
Will Be Expelled From
the Cities to Which
They Fled.
Negro Splits Open Skull
of Minnesota Far
/ mer's Daughter.
Attempts Suicide While 111. I
SALINAS, July 18.-G. Aldery, a resi
dent of Gold Hill. Nev.. who Is traveling
for his health, attempted to commit sui
cide this morning at the Johnson House
In Watsonvllle while suffering from a se
vere attack of palpitation of the heart.
Two bullets penetrated his left lung, In
flicting serious wounds.
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK. July IS.— From San Fran
cldco—E. Hassell F. t> Dever. at Herald
Square: C. Van H.\ King" and wife, at Man
hattan; A. Melster-and wife, at Marlborough :
M. D. Bouillon, at Albert; I. L.. Gilbert, at
Cadillac: J. T. McDerltt, at Gilsey: W. R.
Hexner. at Rosmnore. From Los Arceles — P.
W Bresee. at Murray Hill: W. W. Eakena. at
As'tor: H A. Lewis. Mira D. E. L«wls. at
Everett: G B Ullie. at St. George.
MONTEVIDEO, Minn., July 18.— Helen
O. Olson." aged 17 years, was attacked
early to-day by a man supposed to be a
negro and will die.
Helen Olson, who was living alone in
her father's home at Watson, during the
latter'a absence In: Minneapolis, where he
Is ill, had Miss Julia Torgenson with her
last night. Early to-day the girls were
awakened by a man who demanded their
valuables. The man dragged Miss Olson
downstairs, where he struck her on the
forehead with an ax. The other girl had
been ordered to remain In bed and not to
move, but,' hearing a noise downstairs,
stepped out of a window to the roof. The
negro fired a shot at her as he fled. Her
screams aroused the neighbors and a
search was at once begun for the negro.
At 10 o'clock Marshal Woodworth rang
the bells of the town hall, calling a posse
together. When a crowd had assembled
Attorney L. A. Smith addressed the citi
zens on the steps of the city hall. While
he was speaking Sheriff Hartley drove up
in a buggy and immediately summoned
every man present as a deputy, saying
that he held every man present responsi
ble for the negro. The posse Immediate
ly took up the trail and if the man is
caught, in view of the great excitement,
there may be a lynching. Six negroes
who have been living in a shack* near
Montevideo have fled because of the ex
citement.
Another Negro Lynched.
LAKE BUTLER, Fla., July 18.— A negro
tramp named Adams, who assaulted a
negro woman near this place recently,
was captured last night by a mob of
negroes and lynched. His body was cut
Into shreds.
TEN THOUSAND EPWOBTH
LEAGUERS JOIN IN SONG
Delegates to International Conven
tion at Detroit Unite in Great
• v Open-Air Service.
DETROIT, Mich., July 18.— Ten .thou
sand Epworth' Leaguers gathered on the
Canibus Martlus this afternoon in a short
open-air song service that was the' feature
of the sixth International convention of
the league and one of the most unique
episodes in the history of the league's
conventions. The great crowd of
leaguers filled the square in front of the
City Hall and stretched up and down
Woodward avenue for several hundred
yards. Between songs they gave three
cheers for. the United States, for King
Edward and for the league. -
To-night's three- meetings were devoted
to- addresses. The attendance at the
meetings was not so great by many hun
dreds as at the preceding meetings.' per
haps because of the admission, fee that
was charged to help cover the expenses of
the convention.
Henry • D. Lloyd of New York, speaking
9n- "The: Church ,and the Industrial
Masses," made a strong plea for munic
ipal ownership.lfor.. co-operation in busi
ness, . for * direct vote . of the people and
Cor old-age, pensions.
KISHEHEV JEWS
FIND NO HAVEN
Lines.
• CHICAGO, July 1*.— Judge Grosseup to
£ay issued an ordr-r restraining the city
jot Chicago urn!! July C7 from In any way
Interfering with the North and West Side
lines. July T. the receiver's motion for an
Injunction wit be argued unless a basis
of agreeiiKT.t is reached before that time.
Two bills w«re liled in the Federal court
by the Union Traction receivers. They
*eet forth that because of the city's hop tile
e.:::.- . • in their recent notice refusing
permits aftrr July 20 they are unable to
borrow the fSBtOOO which Judge Grosscup
recently directed them to secure for Im
provements.
JUDGE GROSSCT7P ENJOINS
CITY FEOM INTERFERING
Issues the Injunction at the Request
of Korth and West Side
Army Order, Postoffi.cs Appointments
and Notice of Rural Deliv
ery Extension.
WASHINGTON. July 18.— Army order— Firs*
Lieutenant William W. Reno, assistant:sur
geon, from San Francisco to Fort Crook, Nebr.
Fourth-class postmasters appointed: Ore
gon — Wesley. lienton County, Edward '¦ 3.
Steven's vice Wesley C. Keeton. resigned.
Washington — Ariel. Cowlltz County. Aaron
Wheatley. vlco Leander \V. Chitty. resigned;
Gross. Columbia County. Jacob Keve. vice R.
M. Gross resigned. The order of July 11. dis
continuing the postoffice at Llttell. Lewis
County. Wash., has been rescinded. William
H. Rosa has been commissioned postmaster at
Waldo. Cal.
Rural free, delivery will be- extended Septem
ber 1 at Kanford, Kings County. Cal.. by two
routes.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
WASHINGTON. July JS.— It was
announced to-day at the War
Department that Colonel
Thomas H. Barry, adjutant
general's department, has been
selected for brigadier general in the per
manent service to fill the vacancy caused
by the promotion of General Leonard
wood. ¦¦:¦ v >
Appointed to Vacancy Caused
by the Promotion of ¦ .
Leonard Wood. .
ARMY OFFICER WHO ' HAS
BEEN PROMOTED BY WAR
DEPARTMENT.
The greatest menace that the party has to
meet to-day is r.ot the probability but the
possibility of the party's return to the posi
tion that it occupied from 1802 to 1896. This
danger Is not so imminent as the corporation
controlled papers make it appear, but in eo far
es it threatens, it paralyzes the energies of
the party and nulllflies its promises. Such a
return would Indicate a degradation of the
party's ideals and a perversion of its purpose.
If the Denfttcratlc party will stand erect,
face the future with confidence, defend the
rights of the people and protect their inter
ests wherever attacked — whether the attack
comes from the financiers, the monopolists, the
tariff barons or from the Imperialists — it can
look with confidence for a revolution of sen
timent that will give us a victory worth hav
ing, and this victory when It comes will not
end. as the victory of 1892 did. In the demor
alization of the party, but in the building
up of a Democratic organization which will
deal aggressively with all of the .evils of gov
ernment, and find its bulwark in the affections
and confidence of the masses.
We are handicapped Just now by the fact
that- the last Democratic administration that
we had was more subservient to corporate dic
tation than any Republican administration that
had orecpded it. and the record of that ad
ministrate has been a millstone about the
party's neck ever since. The influence exerted
by Wall street over the administration's pol
icy, the use of patronage* to reward those who
betrayed their constituents, and the employ
ment of the most reprehensible of Republican
methods, make the administration a stench
in the nostrils of the people, and kept in the
Republican party many who were dlcgusted at
that party'H course. The odium which Mr.
Cleveland's second administration brought
upon the party which elected him did more to
defeat the party than any one plank of the
Chicago platform, or even than all the planks
that were most severely criticized. But for
the repudiation of the administration It would
have been impossible to make any campaign
at all. and even the repudiation, thorough and
complete as it was, could not completely dis
ln/ect the party.
GRILLS CLEVELAND.
Eurely. if there ever was a time when the
preachinjj of the Democratic gospel ought to
be opportune now U the time. The character
of our narty is to be determined by the man
ner In which it meets an opportunity — would
be determined by the ideal that dominates it.
Will our party hesitate or take counsel of its
fears? Will it \ abandon Its championship of
the people's interest in the hope of conciliating
relentless foes or of purchasing a few offices
with campaign contributions that carry with
them an obligation to be made good out of
the pockets of the people?
The Democratic party must appeal to the
Democratic Eentiment of the country, and this
sentiment is far wider than any party. Wher
ever the question 1ms been submitted in such
a way that It could be acted upon Independ
ently there has always been an overwhelming
majority in favor of that which was demo
cratic, and our party can appeal successfully
to this democratic spirit if we but convince the
people of our earnestness and cf our fidelity
to those principles.
The subject of Mr. Bryan's speech was
"The Democratic Ideal." He said In part:
BtlYAN'S ADDRESS.
CHICAGO, July 18.— William J. Bryan
addresed I several thousand enthusiastic
Democrats at the Chicago Democracy pic
nic at Brands Park to-day. He was receiv
ed with cheers and waving of hats when
he stepped on the platform. After a
short Introductory speech by Mayor Har
rison, Mr. Bryan spoke and was frequent
ly interrupted by applause.
In his address he made special reference
to the possible candidacy of Grover Cleve
land in 1904, and the latter and his sup
porters were excoriated by the speaker.
Mr. Bryan arrived in Chicago early in
the day and was escorted by the Chicago
Democracy Marching Club to the Audi
torium Hotel, where a reception was ten
dered all the speakers of the day. After
luncheon and a parade through the
streets fifty trolley cars bore the Demo
crats to the picnic grounds. Other speak
ers who followed Mr. Bryan were Mayor
Reed of Kansas City, Jeremiah B. Sulli
van of Iowa, D. J. Campau of Michigan
and T. E. Ryan of Wisconsin. Charles A.
Walsh of Iowa was 'absent and his ad
dress was read by City Clerk Edward M."
Lahoff. I;
USES AX WITH
FATAL EFFECT
Postmaster Van Cott contends that he
•was actlner under the direction of a su
perior officer and had no control over
Graff's appointment, which was made
from Washington, but the 'Comptroller
Bays these faotR do not relieve the dis
bursing officer of responsibility.
It developed to-day that the total num
ber of machines supplied to the postoffice
by the . Brandt-Dent Automatic Cashier
Company of Watertown. Wls., was 672.
The Inspectors have evidence of this, al
though the present action of the Grand
Jury in Brooklyn indicting George W.
Beavers Is based on the contract under
which twenty-live of the machines were
supplied. The information In the posses
sion of the Government is that of the
amount paid by the Government for each
machine tho contracting company re
ceived $50, while $100 went for commis
sions, of which amount the agent of the
company received $50. The cash registers
were sold openly In the market through
out the country for $125, while the Gov
ernment paid $150 each.
WASHINGTON, July 13.— The Comp
troller of the Treasury has completed the
examination of the accounts of Postmas
ter Van Cott of New York City for the
quarter ended December 31.' 1902, which
he took up as the result of the postofflce
Investigation, and has allowed all the ac
counts except an item of $450, paid to
H. C. Graff for alleged services as cash
ier of the New York Postofflce at the
rate of $1100 a year. Graft was intimate
ly associated with George Beavers, now
under Indictment by the Federal. Grand
Jury at Brooklyn. The Comptroller holds
that Graft was not employed as cashier
at New York, and was not on duty in
that city, but was inspector in charge of
Inspecting and adjusting canceling ma
chines and motors at postofflces through
out the country. The Comptroller says
the law distinctly prohibits the detail of
employes from any branch of the postal
service outside of "Washington to duty
here and the payment therefor is illegal.
At the office of Morgan & Seabury, at
torneys for George " W." Beavers, former
chief of the Division of Salaries and Al
lowances in the Postofflce Department,
It was said that Beavers was not in hid
ing. Seabury said: • ,
Mr. Beavers Is not seeking \\a escape the
operation of the law. I believe in my client's
Innocence, but I beg to be excused from mak
ing, any' statement at present, which I think
would be premature. I may make a statement
later.
NEW YORK, July 18.— United States
District Attorney Youngs of Brooklyn to
day officially announced that an indict
ment had been found by the Federal
Grand Jury against Qeorge W. Beavers.
The charge is complicity in wrongfully
obtaining a Government contract.
Av The District Attorney announces that
he ¦will' refrain at present from request-
Ing the service of a bench warrant upon
Beavers, deeming it right that he should
have the opportunity to surrender him
self if he sees fit to do so, and has noti
fied his counsel to that effect.
The crime for which Beavers has-been
indicted is technically a misdemeanor,
punishable by two years' Imprisonment
or $10,000 fine. \
Say3 Last Democratic Ad
ministration Still Handi
/ caps Party.
Hopes Suspect' Will Come
Into Court of His
/ Own Accord.
Bryan Swings His Ora
torical Hammer at
Chicago Picnic.
Federal Attorney to
Delay Use of Be6ch
Warrant.
ASKS BEAVERS
TO SURRENDER
RENEWS ATTACK
UPON CLEVELAND
COLONEL BARRY
WINS EPAULETS
OF A GENERAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, SUNDAY, JULY 19, 1903.
23
NEW ADVEETISEMENT&
MES. MAEY GEEGOVTCH
Of Philipsburg, Montana, Tells How
She TVas Cured of Dandruff.
Mrs. Mary Gregovich of Phllipsburg,
Jlor.t.. tr.dcr date of November 2G, 1S33,
writes: "I had typhoid fever this Bummer,
consequently was losing my hair terribly,
find my head in places was perfectly bald.
JSewbro's Herpicide had just come into
use in PhllJpsburp. and the doctor strong-
ly recommended it to me. After three or
four applications my hair stopped falling
out, ar.d is coming in again quite thick. I
•t^cd to be troubled greaxly with dandruff,
of which I am now quite cured." Kill the
<]ardrjS germ with Herpicide. Bold by
Ifftdir.g druggists. Send 10e in stamps for
sample to The Herpicide Co., Detroit,
Mich. < •... •;¦ -v.
ft Headachy
J»o heart depressant or narcotic but a
brain clearer and etomach teltler; it brings
the liver and bowels into healthy action.
Citi I? Amenran Phvtictaiu uearlv to vrart.
CO-, and • 1 . at Drucrf«t* or by nail from
THE TARRf.NT C«V. 21 J»» Rt«>M. New York
{/W&\ > /^ > " — vVcrvrX° UR EYE*
\r &&cn*& \ 4: Mil
CURES All EYE DISEASES. \ "^ fi5&?
(KFIAKED EYES.6CALES ON LiSS.Aw _ -¦¦ PS* 7
GRANULATION ETC '^H^
California »ur.'.iett. rtrenc winds and alkali
dust cause eye trouble. Little trouble* itow.
Murine it * favorite toilet requisite, rettoret %
faded eye to natural brilliancy, doesa't (mart,
•oothee^j-e pain.
<Th« Jtbcratorie» of the Murint Eye Remedy
Co.. Chicago, are the largest in th« world pro-
fjclr.g an exclusive line of eye remedies. '
So!d by Druggists and Opticians
. Easy to start a d hard to
stop— S- ; :il!ii;g'5 Best — at your
grocer:., .noney back business.
AttV£2TISEJEElITS.
Guaranteed
Qomctimcs a guarantee of a firm is a very elastic
O agreement. It can be stretched to the con-
venience of the store. We tell you just what
our guarantee is. After a purchase- here you are
fully protected.
Goods can be returned and exchanges will be
made anytime, if the clothes arc in salable condition;
or if preferred money will be refunded.
If there is uny imperfection in the manufacture
of the garments, they can be returned anytime even
after being worn and a new suit will be given at no
extra cost.
All clothing purchased from us, will be "kept in
repair free of charge. We will also sponge and press
garments anytime they are brought in. This alone
will save you $5 or |io.
Our aim is to make the customer content with
his purchase. We wish to retain patronage by de-
serving it.
These advantages together with * our immense
stock of up-to-date clothing and the " makcr-direct-
to-wearcr" prices, make our store a desirable place of
purchase. ,
This is the only house on the Pacific Coast that
manufacures every dollar's worth of men's, youths'
and boys' clothing that it sells.
Whether you want clothing, hats or furnishings
for man or boy we can supply your needs at a price
that will meet with your approval.
If you live out of San Francisco write for our new
64 P a £ e illustrated catalogue,
¦
740 Market Street
. ADVSBT7STTM V, NTS.
SUMMER CATARRH RSTO o D
Claims Many Thousands. A Great Tragedian's
Thanks to Peruna.
1 v* '--¦¦ «¦-...- - „"--».. .v- ¦ 't ¦-¦¦,¦*'•-••¦
ROBERT DOWNING, THE FAMOUS TRAGEDIAN.
AMONG the greatest. If not the greatest, of American tragedians Is Robert
Downing. For years he has held American audiences spell-bound with his
thrilling Interpretation of tragedy. Few people realize what exhaustless
energy It requires of a man to keep up this terrible drain of nervous force. If
the truth were known It would be found without doubt-that few If any of the lead-
Ing stage artists are without some tonic or nerve Invlgorator to enable them to
keep themselves In a state of absolute health. ~ . t ¦' '
Robert Downing, the subject of our sketch, was recently Interviewed by the
press on this subject. Mr. Downing promptly and emphatically gave the whole
credit of his splendid physical condition to Peruna, saying:
' ' "I find it a preventive against all sudden summer ills that I
' swoop upon one in changing climates and water. It is the finest *
traveling companion and safeguard against malarial influences.
\ ¦ "You may notice that persons in poor health always find the heat \ \
\ most intolerable; this I avoid by using Peruna. I know by the ther- \ ;
mometer that the weather is hot, yet / have felt the heat less this i
\ \ summer than ever. \ !
- "The cooling action of Peruna on the mucous membrane makes \
'. it invaluable to actors and singers, as it does away with that tendency '< I
! to sudden hoarseness so apt to overtake one on emerging from a hot ; ;
dressing room to the draughty stage. *
I ! "To sum it up, Peruna has done me more good than any tonic I ',
; have ever taken." -"Robert Downing. ;
I ....•»....• ........ »»»»• •¦• ... ..»..». ••....•••••.•{
Mrs. Hannah Lind. 1132 E. Long street, women, and I recommend it to them.
Columbus. Ohio, says: especially during the trying weather of
••t tvn« for minv vpars a victim of 8 Pri"5 *»"* early summer."
I *as for many years a victim or glmple Btlrau i ant9 wl u not cure such
nervous prostration and neuralgia. I caacs Neither will so-called tonics,
would have spells during which my Nothing but a natural nerve Invlgorator
suffering was great. 'All sorts of treat- that restores the mucous membranes to
ment was tried, from which I received their normal condition will permanently
little or no benefit. Doctors were era- ft" 6 !* • U wh« < 5!!?£' i D «£ I l? 1 ? t n *? n «j»rj a "
ployed and various kinds of medicines Jh« first physician In the Lnited State*
used. Except to give temporary relief. IZ.^I^Y £^** t & at %?l e S**!Z$1
there was no appreciable change in my ««¦ it m *L 3 L2& *£:? *«•£-/ B £ 8te ™
condition. At last I was Induced to try S^k.p™^ hi UrtnlSftrJui A
a hnttin nt ppriinn nnd after uslrc two known all over-iae ClvlIUcd world. A
boUlS'of f thi e s r me a dicTne. ¥ fSiSd mySf u » having u »ed It on ce can never be
more improved than from all the other Persuaded to be without It when In need
treatment I ever received. I always try of BUCn a remedy.
to keep Peruna in the house, as I then Write for a copy of Dr. Hartman's
feel safe from my nervous attacks. It latest book entitled "Summer Catarrh."
is a wonderful medicine for nervoua Address Dr. Hartman. Columbus, Ohio.
"Vv^ ADVERTISEMENTS^
(FjJ The interest that is being taken in the first reduc- 7
ill tion sale during the forty years that Jos. Fredericks & Co. i:
B -I have been in business is convincing proof that the high |
I': standard of our furniture, carpets, draperies and wall ;
I : paper has been appreciated by the people of-San Fran- =
I i ! cisco. Our endeavor in this sale has been to reach that ;
I - large class of buyers with appreciation for the best >
I ;: but with purses scarcely long enough to reach our I
B v. former prices. \ *• L :
i 3 In order to do this we have cut prices from 25 to -
ft :• ? 50 per cent. On every piece offered in this sale a red ;:
|: tag has been placed with the new price plainly ;:
¦fir marked. The old tag still remains, bearing the former \ ,
¦ t price. Here are a few of the values we offer: ; :
8^ - On all of our lines of xOriental rugs we have made : J
H '; a sweeping reduction of 25 per cent, and on Japanese j;
I : rugs a corresponding cut has been made. We have j.
I ;• made heavy reductions on lace curtains, portieres, i-
g ! : drapery and upholstery goods by the yard. ;;
B*:- The' favorite long-wearing grass matting, in blue, ;j
K ¦¦¦ t red and green ; our price now 50c a yard. : .:
._B : : ) / We have a large line of tapestry carpets from 60c r-
I • to 85c a yard, or Ax;minster carpets- at $1.35, and a I
' B ;1 . very fine quality of body Brussels at $1.25 per yard. i-.
i :j This price is sewed, lined and laid on the floor. ;:
I : t Our wall paper department has a reputation for |
R" : f the exquisite patterns and exclusive designs. Here, j ¦
B ?! too, we have made heavy cuts on our regular prices ?
I : ; i and intend to give our customers the opportunity to ij
¦••rj secure the best at figures far below the usual. - |
I. Hi We will refund money on return, of any goods =
J:r sold by us if they are not as we represent them to be. rj
!::-¦ v^ 1-^ •* ' .1
H*.-"GI _ . _—^ t^ m *• 3
m—^m^^
ADVERTISEMENTS. ."'-:.':. '•
I FASCINATING SUMMER FICTION I
jlhe August Number of I
I ZINE J CLEVERNESS \
1 OPENS WITH THE HOST BHLUANT NOVELETTE, OF, TEE YEAR,
I S y 1 v i a f s H us ban d
I By -MRS. BURTON HARRISON- *
|1 A more charminf? story has not recently been published.- The scene
m is laid in a beautiful old Irish castle during a country house-party, and 0
|j .the comedy played there is unfolded in the most delightful mariner. 'Mrs. ||
n Harrison is one of the most popular authors of the day, and 'she has writ- M
HE ten nothing more entcrtaininjr than "Sylvia's Husband." For a Summer H
f| afternoon this novelette will Drove an attractive companion. • Rj
H Other interesting features of • this number are: M
ft "THE BELL IN THE FOG." a powerful -sycholoRical " ¦'" §
3 story ....: By GERTRUDE ATHERTON |
H "THE WIRE-TAPPERS." an unusual, exciting tale, |
| Ry ARTHUR STRINGER i
H "VERS DE SOCIETE IN FOREIGN TONGUES." a brilliant i
M Article .."..........; .\ ........ By BRANDER MATTHEWS
H "THE BROTHERS." a stronR piece cf fiction, N '."¦ M
i By ELIA W. PEATTIE I
P And. in addition, there are stories by THEODOSIA GARRISON. M
| PRINCE VLADIMIR VANIATSKYr ANNE O'HAGAN. G. B. I
| BURGIN. JAMES BRANCH CABELL,- and others:, . ¦ |
M The poems are contributed by such well-known verse writers as
H Madison Cawein. Guy Wetmore Carryl, Frank Dempster Sherman. Seu- ; -B
M mas. McManus.; Clinton Scollard. Virginia Woodward Cloud. •* and' Char-'-". ; B
H lotte Becken . M
i PRICE 25c. FOR SALE EVERYWHERE.*- $3.00 -PER YEAR/.' 1
I ANY NEWSDEALER WILL FORWARD .SUBSCRIPTIONS..:: |
I or REMIT CHEQUE. DRAFT OR POSTAL 'MONEY ORDERjo'J.
1 T7QQ F^Q PTTOT T^TTTNiV C(\ 452 FIFTH avenue, newjork. . B
H LiUiJ LiUiJ I UDl-UillllU V»V»j 90-93 FLEET STREET, LONDON," E. C-vHROANOKE, Va!, July 18.-By the explo-
B!on of a large quantity of dynamite and
blasting powder stored In a magazine near
Parisburg, Giles County, this afternoon
two men were killed, sixteen were more
or less Injured and about 100 others.se
verely shocked. West-bound passenger
train No. 1 on the main line of the Nor
folk and Western was going at full speed
past the magazine, which was located 200
yards from the tracks, when the explosion
occurred. The windows of the train were
broken and the coaches were In other
ways damaged. Not a single, person on
the train escaped Injury or shock. The
dead:
JAMES PHILLIPS, white, Blair, Va.
GEORGE NOEL, colored, Elllston, Va.
The injured: H. R. Houp, Christians
burg, Va.; Ira Wilson, Radford, Va.- J
W. Grover, Bluefleld, W. Va.; O. C. Jen
kins, general manager . of the Bluefield
Coal and Coke Company, Bluefield, W.
Va.; J. C. Jones, Radford; F. M. McCol
sey, Roanoke, Va.; Sherman Hunt, Shells-
TWO MEN KILLED;
MANY INJURED
..One factory at St. EUenne,* France,
made. last year 269 cannon to be used
against hailstorms. '
"Do you make any reduction in price
when you sell : postage stamps in quanti
ty?" inquired the funny man who' fre
quently bothered the corner druggist.
"As you are a* constant customer and
the, hour is late." said the druggist, "I
will let you have the entire stock of two
cent stamps I have on hand for a : cent
and a quarter. I happen to have Just
thirteen." .
"All right, I'll take them." said the
funny man, «fho scented a bargain.
The druggist handed him the thirteen
two-cent stamps and took full pay for
them out of , a five-dollar bill which the
wise funnyman tendered, saying that a
cent: and a quarter .'amounted to Just
twenty-six cents.— N. Y. Press.
A Bargain in Postage Stamps.
"What became of th« 50 cents?"
"I don't know," said the old salt, medi
tatively. "That's what's worrying me. I
must have spent that foolishly."—Brook
lyn Eagle.
A sallorman, somewhat the worse for
wear and tear— especially tear— boarded a
streetcar bound for the navy yard. When
the conductor came for his faro Jack, af
ter grogglly Investigating the several re
cesses of his clothing, came to the con
clusion that he was not, financially
speaking, an able seaman.' That is to say,
he was. broke, busted and generally dis^
abled monetarily.
The conductor was about to maroon the
unfortunate mariner when a philanthropic
passenger sitting near paid the fare.
."Lost your money?" the P. P. asked by
way of starting conversation.
"No." the sallorman answered. "I only
had $15 B0 when I left the navy yard last
night. I spent $7 of it for rum'and |S In
a policy shop."
As a Sailor Thinks.
These results are purely provisional,
dealing as they do with only a short pe
riod of observation In one particuar, lo
cality, ' but they are perhaps definite
enough to warrant, the obtaining of a
longer record at a place, situated within
or. near the tropics, where earthquakes
are of frequent occurrence.
In the Journal of the Asiatic Society of
Bengal Mr. Oldham of the Geological
Survey of India discusses the relations of
the periodicity of the earthquake shocks
recorded by a seismograph set up at Ehil
lorg, Assam, during the period of Au
gust, 1S97. to December, 1901. and the peri
odicity of the tidal forces obtained at
that place during the various relative po
sitions of the sun and moon.
After deducing the reasons for expect
ing the shocks to appear at times during
the day and night when the tidal fore©
is at a maximum at the place of obser
-vatlon, Mr. Oldham sets out the recorded
shocks In a series of tables and curves.
These show that there was a real and a
very large variation in he diurnal distri
bution of In Assam during 1897
1901, their greatest frequencies occurring
between 10 and 11 o'clock In the evening
and between 6 and 7 o'clock in the morn
ing, and superimposed on this regular but
unexplained variation there was a smaller
i one, which appears to have been due to
the tidal stress set up by the action of
the sun. If this latter variation Is really
due to tidal stress, it then appears that
the horizontal, component of the stress
' is much more effective than the vertical
component, while the effects are more de
pendent on the rate and range of the
stress than on its amount.
Tidal Forces and Earthquakes.
Studies of Commercial Trees.
A study of the balsam will be carried
on by the Bureau of Forestry this sum
mer in the Adlrondacks and in Maine.
Work has already been done in tho
Adirondack?, and the object of the com
ing season's work will be to conclude tha
study, the results of which will probably
be published next spring. The main pur
poses of the investigation of balsam are
to determine Its suitability for use as
paper pulp, the quantity which Is now
standing and the results that can be ex
pected In the production of a second crop
under conservative methods of lumber
ing.
A study of the poplar In Maine has
come about through the increased use of
poplar as paper pulp material. Its gen
eral scope is similar to that of the bal
sam Investigation.
The work on Southern hardwoods this
year will be a continuation of the study
which has already been carried on dur
ing two field seasons. Its purpose Is to
determine the stand, the present and the
possible i'.-?» and the best methods of
management for the following Important
commercial hardwoods of the South: Tu
lip tree, white oak, post oak, chestnut
oak. basswood, chestnut, the hickories
and white ash.— Bureau of Forestry Bul
letin.
Dr. Haecher (Munchener Med. Woch.)
says that the method of hardening chil
dren by means of cold baths is not only
unnecessary, but- It Is oftentimes In
jurious. It Increases rather than dimin
ishes their susceptibility to "colds," thus
inducing cory*a, . throat affections, bron
chitis and pneumonia.
A special train with surgeons on board
conveyed the wounded to Bluefield, where
they were placed In a hospital. It is not
known what caused the explosion.
The men who collect the camphor have
to work among these treacherous native*.
The camphor camps are ' scattered for 140
miles north and south. The workmen
themselves are well armed, but the na
tives do not hesitate to attack them un
less they are in considerable numbers or
are strongly guarded by Japanese police.
ville, Va.; George Will. Keystone. W. Va.;
W. G. Calhoun. Bell Spring, Va.; E. S.
Balrd, .Hinton, Va.; F. E. Dupuy. Hlnton,
Wi V^; Burnett Held, Bluefield, W. Va.;
G. F. Carnes, Radford, Va., and W. L.
Blackwell, Saltville, Va.
Phillips and Noel were laborers. Their
mangled bodies were found near the
wrecked magazine.
Nearly half of Formosa is still occupied
by these murderous men of the forests,
whose weapons are turned against all
strangers. Thus the forests present very
different conditions from the peaceful
plains to the west, inhabited largely by
Chinese rice growers. .. >-.
The tree-clad mountains of the east part
of the island contain the largest camphor
forests in the world. They are also the
home of savage tribes that have never
been subdued. '
Japan and China together produce only
about 500,000 pounds a year, but the an
nual yield of Formosa is from 6,000,000 to
7,000,000 pounds. Formosa controls the
camphor markets of the world, and 'will
probably always be the greatest source of
this valuable gum. The world has to pay
more for camphor than it did a few years
ago, and one reason Is the danger and dif
ficulty of collecting it.
Few industries of the world are carried
on under conditions so difficult and dan
gerous as camphor collecting and refining
in. Formosa. There is a great deal more
tragedy than romance about it, and cam
phor Is obtained only by braving these
dangers, for nearly all the world's supply
comes from Formosa.
A dispatch from Tokio says that a cam
phor refinery at Gilan, in the- island of
Formosa, was attacked recently by 150
of the wild natives, who". killed the.Jap
anese workmen and the policemen who
were guarding them, says the New York
Sun. It was a small establishment, and
the victims numbered only eleven persons,
but the tragedy illustrates the perils of
the camphor industry in that Island.
The Tree Found Only In Regions In
fested by Savages and Wild
.- - - Beasts.
THE MANY PERILS
OF CAMPHOR HXTNTERS
FRESNO, July 18.-The Chamber of
Commerce secured to-day its seven hun
dredth active member. It now is the sec
ond largest commercial organization of
Its kind, in the State. Los Angeles being
first Its agent will next strive for the
800 mark. The chamber is erectmg at the
Southern Pacific depot park a $6000 ex
hibit building in the mission church style
of architecture.
Activity of the Commercial Men
Contributes to the City's
Distinction.
SEVEN" HUNDRED MEMBEBS
IN THE FRESNO CHAMBER
Samuel W. Boring has been a prominent
man In this county for the past thirty
years. He was a veteran of the Mexican
War and a California pioneer. He has
filled many offices of trust In the county
among them being that of County Clerk.
In recent years family troubles and busi
ness reverses had preyed upon his mind,
until in a fit of desperation he closed the
ast chapter of a checkered and eventful
It He was 79 years of a S e » a Mason of
high degree and an Odd Fellow.
Boring was to lead in the exercises com
memorating the fifty-seventh anniversary
of the first raising of the American colors
In this State, held here last Monday morn
ing. Ho was last seen last Sunday even
ing about 7 o'clock.: Some time between
then and the next morning he rode five
miles from the city and deliberately shot
himself. •
SAN JOSE, July 18.— The mystery sur
rounding the sudden disappearance of
Samuel W. Boring one week ago Is solved.
The body of the unfortunate old man was
found this evening In a lonely spot on the
rrocky and chaparral covered sides of
Alum Rock Canyon.
The body was discovered by A. W. San
ford of Centervllle, a camper in the can
yon, who was searching the mountain side
for brush to use in basket weaving. It
was found in a thick clump of bushes.
Tightly clasped in the right hand was a
largo revolver, which told a silent story
of his death. The fatal 'and only wound
was Inflicted in the mouth. His bicycle
was found about thirty feet above on th*
bank. It. too, was secreted from the
public gaze. k . . - ••¦.•¦
Special Dispatch to The Call
Aged Man Ends His Eventful
;- Life With a Pistol
Ball.
Pioneer Who Disap
peared Prom San
Jose a Suicide. A-
CAMPER FINDS
BORING'S BODY
The East Indians call rock crystal an
unripe diamond.
HAVANA. July 18. — Consrress . this evening
adjourned sine die. One of the final acts of
the . Senate was the ratification of : the postal
treaty with the United States and an act pro
viding for the adherence of the republic to
the universal postal union. "',:',
CHEYENNE, Wyo., July 18.-Covernor
Chatterton received a telegram to-day
from Secretary of War Boot stating that
no army maneuvers will be held at Fort
Russell, aw planned, and that - only the
Department nf tha Lakes and the De
part of the Missouri will participate in
maneuvers this vear.
No Maneuvers at Fort Russell.
NEW YORK, July 18.— The two Sham
rocks held fast to their moorings In the
Horseshoe of Bandy Hook, nearly all day
to-day while half a gale of wind whistled
in the rigging. Despite the rising -gale
Shamrock III started to leave the Hook
at 10 a. m. to run oft shore for; a race,
but before she passed the point, of the
Hook, rain began to fall and she returned
to her moorings. .
Shamrocks Remain at Moorings.
NEW YORK. July 18.— President John
son of the American Baseball League to
day suspended pitcher Waddell of the
Philadelphia Athletics for five days for
his attack on a spectator yesterday.
"Rube" Waddell Suspended.
At this juncture the Order of Railway
Conductors asked the State Department
to use the machinery of Government to
determine from authorities in th»:city of
Mexico why McCutcheon, 'who is a citizen
of the United States, should not be given
a hearing and allowed to establish the
fact that he killed the Mexican brakeman
in self-defense.
The authorities at Coz have been ad
vised of the action taken across the line
to secure a hearing for McCutcheon and
when It is understood that his friends
mean to push the case be .will without
doubt be released, as the killing was
plainly in self-defense. 1 -; •-; " "' '¦¦:•¦
TUCSON, Ariz., July 18.— The Order 4 of
Railway Conductors has appealed to the
State Department to secure a hearing for
one of their number, Thomas McCutch
eon, who languishes in the Mexican jail
at Coz, Sonora, charged with murder.
McCutcheon shot and killed one of his
brakemen, a Mexican, who refused to
obey orders but instead attacked him
with a knife. To save his own life Mc-
Cutcheon was compelled to shoot ' the
Mexican brakeman and after having com
mitted the deed made no attempt to es
cape but surrendered /umself to the au«
thorltles, believing that an Investigation
would show that the killing was in self
defense and that he would hts released.
Instead he was thrown into jail and de
nied ball and the officials show no inclin
ation to act on his case.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Four daring thugs held up Lewis Roe
der, the proprietor of a lodging-house at
612 Howard street, last Tuesday night, and
after securing $3 and m watebchain from
him proceeded to administer a terrible
beating. Roeder notified the police of the
hold-up and they kept it secret till last
night, when Detective Taylor and Offi
cers Fogarty and Hurd arrested two
brothers. Jack and Nick Stafford, and
charged them with having committed the
crime. They have been identified as two
of th« men who held Roeder up.
According to Rodder's statement, he
was in the office of his lodging-house,
when some one called to him to come
downstairs in a hurry. He rushed down
and Juet as he reached the door was set
upon by four burly thugs. One of them
held a revolver to Roeder's head and
warned him not to > - ell under penalty of
being shot. The frightened man paid no
attention to the threat and called loudly
for help. One of the roomers in the house
heard the call and hastened downstairs to
see what the matter was.
He was. m«t at the foot of the stairs
RAILROAD MEN
APPEAL TO HAY
DARING ROBBERS
ARE IN CUSTODY
Taylor, Fogarty and Hurd happened to
sec the Stafford brothers on Kearny
street near Washington late last night.
They were immediately taken into cus
tody and identified by Roeder as two of
his assailants.
Both are well known to the, police. One
was only recently released from the pen
itentiary.
The unfortunate man was left lying on
the sidewalk unconscious and bleeding
profusely from several ugly wounds on
the face and head. He was removed to
the lodging-house and now lies In bed
suffering great pain from his many
wounds and bruises.
The robbers who had hold of Roeder
let go their grip during the excitement
and he tried to get away. He was soon
captured by the thugs and then they pro
ceeded to give him a beating. One of
them knocked him down, while another
kicked him in the face and the third went
through his pockets and took $3 and a
watch chain.
by the man with the revolver, who told
him to halt, at the same time displaying:
what looked to be a policeman's badge.
The roomer, however, ran up the stairs;
with the thug in close pursuit The room
er finally managed to escape to his room
and locked the door.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 19, 1903.
24
;-*^f. : 3 " ; ;. ADVEBTISEMENTS. r'^^/V ';>>*-< -¦ <\ V;'^ -<*. '¦ ' >*> ¦ ¦¦ ' ¦
rnriT nrTTi^AiT Arrrn 1 ' ; cou.\tbvordehs receive projipt attention. . ' <«A I IMIMn CDpriAI
GREAT PETTICOAT OFFER. - • liinhnu bFtwiAL.
r-H «>'»r<- < s nip r<ih-irs »r«> "^ 4* ¦ ' * ln^ white, cream, rose, pinK. spai. Komen
or*n^ Mi emerald. Thry are all worth ?*.<». / rf*|iH ll 1& f&*UB3P**^ ™*y- «", »>lue. bluet -cardinal .^rnn and
and are r !»^5 in clearance saie at the very AJ ' ¦ HI II ¦• A * ¦' '" black. The regular rrlfe Is loc yard, the
low price of $3.95. ' clearance apeclal only 9c yard.
MORE IIMTERESTIIMG NEWS FROM THE GREAT JULY CLEARANCE SALE.
Final Clearance— Linen and Cotton Wash Suits and Skirts
THE GREATEST PRICE REDUCTIONS EVER KNOWN.
5T!VriIS WEEK your interest will be attracted to our Wash Suit Department — we will, close out every Wash Suit and Skirt that
«*Y remains in our summer stock — the price reductions have been made without regard to the losses we will sustain — for while it is wash
o\(b> suit season with you, it's clearance time with' us. The fabrics in the Wash Suits and Skirts, which are to be sold at such remark-
able reductions, are the season's choicest goods— Chamb rays, Pigues, Crashes, Lawns, Madras and Linen, and all are made with that
same care for detail and regard for fashion that characterizes every garment that leaves this store. These values have never been sur-
passed, and if j'ou want to participate in a feast of bargains you should be in this store early to-morrow morning. /
$7.50 Wash Suits, $20.00 Linen Suits, NOVELTY SUITS PIaln -&**&£*£&«« ftC
The materials are Cham- £3 /[ Handsomely embroid- *| A Ar .. 4$* « «. « * rials In a number of the 3)/ UJ
bray. Madr.is. Linen and >A nj rred: colors preens, blues > III Ug GsSSSST firPfltlv RpdlfrPfl season's popular styles— W'"
Lawn, in the best color* VtWt/ and Vhite; very stylish V*"«7V TC&f UI 6*111/ JMHlUkWI. only O ne or two of each pattern.
End styles; they are all nicely RMrts an a resularly priced 520; V*f We nn» rinRine ouf nil nt th«« All were J15.00; the clearance cpe-
made and trimmed. Reduced irom the clearance special J10.95. . \*7 season^ fancvXoveltv Suits and cial price, $7.95.
S7.50 for clearance to «».». VvW^fev have made B " ch F reat reductions $25.00 Suits,
Qff Vl^ch Suit*; S22.50 LlflCn OUltS, /1«^irf^A that the most enthusiastic buying Dress "and Walking (tt-g^ nr
yO«3U ITraoll -OU1L3, n»— — f'.P^?^K-«« will surely reBult. They come in Suits — Etamines, Mix- >M UJ)
In Che\iots and Cham- a j jp One of the most popu- *|^ »yr Etamines and imported Mixed tures and Cheviots j sev- v* v »'« /
bray, white and colors: iiHAllj lar sellinp styles of the J}|^,|t) rTOM \ Materials, and the styles are the eral smart styles to select from;
made in the smartest v»»*v colorings are I yvfl|//W\ season's best— both walking: and all "handsomely tailored. Were
styles. Reduced for clearance bJue and white, and all are eiaft- 1/1^***^^* dress efTects. $40 suits, 822.48*. $25.00: the clearance spedaJ, $13.95.
from SS.50 to the low price of $4.45. ofately embroidered. Reduced / J^'/'.^iS*^ $45 suits, S2«.7.'»: $50 suits, *oc nn Silk Suits
SI1 Linen Suits ""* tao> to fMM-- • * a0 ' 7;i: m sults> 83r> *°°' **£*'* -«*"?«£!? mi ftC
5»IJ.DU Linen OUItS, i Silks; black and white \\1 US
i These are fine IJnen ap \IiJpTOTM checks and solid black; '?'»*•'«'
Suite, made in handsome $1 U-) i enj C\nif| <rpFriAf "T^WaSQ PYTPA^PFfTAI the prettiest Shirt WaJ«t effects,
styles and embroidered; V««7«. A JlLEHUlU JlCWlAL. feTr-^aJi EAlllA JlEtlAL. Sold in season for $:5.00; the clear.
gTeen, blue and white. Reduced ">" /-S^ - i3Bp\ *<»a r 1 l c*it c *i ance special, $14.95.
gSf^frV-- *-""" $3.50 Dack^ash Skirts, IjWA $20 Foulard Silk Snits, tn k
51.50 wash skirts, ] «,a^.^ k a M^«io5 A & Ik ;.T^r^& r r:$9.95 as" a^r'^s $ 18 - 45
Covert Cloth and Duck or effects; made with 3 «P*»7t/ /WykLjL^ M\ t? ce * sale j£ re! S? n fT B ,V. veT T ««" sleeves, that give a
Ekirts, in Krav. tan. blue 85C flounces and elaborately trim- CJ {&§&*¦ It ¥\ \ ble for^ V 1 *** *F O} £?M n 5?S stylish effect. Reduced from $30.00
$2.00 Wash Skirts. ffijg.-'jSSS 1 pS : oS? "~^J\_*Wy ffMSSPS^Kt^SS &B.«a I M,'S l 2«*;
made ln neat styles. y , * *¦' 1 . — ' quickly.
WASH WAISTS I THE CORSET CLEARANCE. A GREAT HOSIERY BAROAIN. «^2K£So 8 S£ w *««* ;
If A Jll H /ilJ 1 iJ) $1.50, $2 and $2.50 Values, Ladies' Lace Lisle Hose, This is a drummer's sample fr <j AC
Reduced from $2.00 and $2.50- £| /*r This offerinff comprises odd lots ap Monday Only-The 75c p/ • lot. which we secured and offer A^yg
two lot* of Waists; white lawns. \l /JI of Corset? in the well-known \V. U-JQ and S5c Brilliant Lace Uple 30C Dall 2 s . fln r^ x i ra epecial: Peau. de^
lace trimmed and embroidered: «P«*«' B.. R. & G. and I. C. makes; they 7WW Ho8e ln a varle ty of new " $$1?' *£*$*** and , P J e *, u « 4? Pj^ 11^
colored Waists in cheviots, pin*bams come in a lar^e number or sizes and all ** "*J.° - i- r . Ill around- sizes 8-10 S , ilk Waists are Included in the lot, and
and madras; plain, stripeftand fashionable shapes. Regularly $1.50, $2.00 Patterns lace all around, sizes 8-10. all were mRde tQ seU at $5 w and v M
effects The special clearaMe price only and $2.50; for quick clearance all reduced Every pair reduced from 75c and Sac as each. We bought them cheaply enough
jl 25 . -;« to 95 cents. - a one day's special only, 5Cc pair. to sell at the remarkably low price, $3.95.
1 MUSLIN UNDERWEAR CLEARANCE SPECIAL. | | STUPENDOUS VALUES IN WASH GOODS. |
During the past month we have accumulated a great many gar- MOUSSClinC dC SolC and Silk Grenadines,
ments that are slightly mussed on account of handling-whcn laun- ftjid g Hties of these ,„ ma . Otf vp
dcred they wilt be as good as new. Every garment ,n this department tcria j St g in ric h O pi a in colors? fancy stripes andsilk embroid- -IJ|t
was made expressly for us under the best sanitary conditions and • ff J These afe tfc J ye^ finegt f O^ yD
all are cut extra full-nothmsr stamped but the prices, which are sur- mh materials manufactured and sell regularly at 75c and 85c yard;
pnsingly low. as a c i earance spe cial all are offered for 39c yard
Cambric Drawers. Cambric Skirts. . Cambric Gowns. 25c Imported Organdy, 50c Satin Stripe Wool Challle,
French and open em- cambric; trimmed with Gowns daintily trimmed W«>' "» '".'^ dI 8 % g for •'oSc plain colors; very serviceable material;
K C and n SSSSJS? tSSSS: S^Sb^ldery. "* «P-ial clear a nc e y price 27c ys,,.
50c $T STeHjF", $I - 00 - - «K 40cSHkChambray Gingham,
£*^S ~i: Kojifflr JO! SMSSW28 t e u ff c^i JSffl? StrJ£ |^ 1 7c yd pe fi - d «aS& h^ n s mchSi y e?-
SJ; S^nw^rk Sfhed rufflT *%£ 40c; clearance ape- rects; b, S vaiue at the special .clear-
7 c- -Regularly soc- oRr - Re^ ularty JI^~ (\ *r -Reguiariy $1 .oo~ . 25c Imported Dimities and Batistes, .
OOC Good cambric ''O*' Fine cambric; trlm-j v&K, Made with V There are only 75 pieces of these fine Imported Dimities and Ha- *n j
Drawers. hemstitched med with lace and em- | and square yoke effects, tiste: pretty white or colored grounds with a variety of flffured,"-»|||r -Vfl
and tucked; well fin- broidery; hemstitched and and finished with hem- dotted and striped effects. Regularly sold for 25c; the special * VW ;J U
ished. tucked. 1 stitches and tucks. clearancq price 10c yard. . . • - y
Dress Goods Clearance Reductions. I I A Rare I I A ¦ " 8 H p t f gJ^S,! l k%^n EClAL ' I
I $2.00 and $2.S0 Colored Novelty Goods. ¦ : Efllbroiderv vr^!!n^r^ tt iS^jZ b ,%^78c,y<l
Here i? an exceptionally eood value— Silk Aftr* \if\ *-#»** M*. V1UV1 Y street, or eveninff costume. This Crepe de Ohlne is 24
finished Jdatalassss and Novelty Camel s J" _ -. % lnche 3 wide and la a very soft-finished fabric; it comes
{ Hair Dress Goods. In rich striped and plaid effects, all V^llfif* In all the delicate evening shades. Including white
in the most desirable colorings, and eoods which are V aiUC cream, nile, pink, li&ht blue. na\"y, reseda straw he-
worth J2-O0 and J2.50. A clearance sale special, 4Sc. BROKEN SETS liotrope, royal and cardinal. Regularly worth J1.00;
$1.75 Black London Twine Etamine, ' Monday and Tuesday wo win se ii a 2000- the > clearan " l p^lt y JV A lpT* '
45 inches wide; all-wool London Twine ei 19 v ri J" ard lot of Nainsook Embroideries, most- " . . *'• °" J? CK ' A ,,» t A A / u
Etamine. the up-to-date black fabric; a V««l^ 1" ly in the latest French blind effects They i^ Th 3 ! , 8 . " extra , heav , v . Quality. 26 Inches Cl |Q
coarTe openwork meeh material in a very lustrous 1 made ud of odd Xes from hrnk n Vfr' &nd . l3 a ?° pular f. e ""K »»!»« »n account
biack; wi ».75 a yard. The clearance special $1.12 yd. ™£° »£ % o £\££™ o '"» «f tU Regularly U.50; clear-
75C BlaCk English Cheviot, wide. Worth from S3c to D0c; on sale for $1.50 BLACK PBAU DE SO1E
44 inche* wide; an all-wool English iChev- Aj r vf t ***.>•* A handsome material, that has a supe- nn. . j
iot, that is warranted to be a rich, tast***^ jy | Q Pp*|f c rlor soft finish and is double faced; it is all "oC Vu
black; thorouphly shrunk and sponged. A fine grade 1 7 VWlllO* silk and wilt give very good service. Rerularlv \\^!i-
that Is regularly 75c; the clearance special <7e yard. * ¦ clearance special 98c yard. '
£&ij.:., ADVERTISEMENTS. ' ._ __.
San FrancUco." Sunday. 10 July. 1903. ,1 ..,
Mid=summer sale
hall stands
A three-day sale of hall stan'ds — Monday, Tues-
day and Wednesday. New patterns will soon be here
to take the place of a good many now on hand. Hence
1 the necessity of disposing of a portion of our present
stock quickly. No telephone or mail orders will be
filled, and only one hall stand will be sold to each buyer.
About 20 patterns to choose from and all in oak,
golden finish. Each one is provided with a good
French plate mirror, umbrella rack, hooks for gar-
. ments, etc.
We begin this sale with the following list of val-
ues — both special and regular prices are given for com-
parison :
A $10.00 hall stand, like picture above, for $6.75.
• A $9.00 hall stand foe $5.90.
An $11.06 hall stand for $6.60
A $15.00 hall stand for $8.65.
""A $16.00 hall stand for $940. .
A $16.50 hall stand for $9.90.
A $17.50 hall stand for $1045.
A $20.00 hall stand for $11.65.
A $21.00 hall stand for $12.15.
A $24.00 hall stand for $14.10.
. A $26.00 hall stand for $15.55.
A $30.00 hall stand for $18.85.
A $36.00 hall stand for $21.30:
r ' "'•¦'A':$40X)0:hall stand for $23.20.
See to-day's "Examiner" and "Chronicle" for spe- !
cial sales of china closets and book-case desks.
(Successors to California Furnittire Co.)
957 t0 977 Market Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue.
ApVEBTISEMENTS.
StfQAR
We are still selling
21 lbs
Best Granulated
Sugar
for $1.00
Boneless Codfish
5 cents a pound
G. L JONES & CO.
2 and 4 California St.
¦' Cor. Market St., 8. F.
Phone Bush 659
THE DOCTORS WHO CURE
SAN FRANCISCO'S LEADING PHYSICIANS and EXPERT SPECIALISTS \
tWE TREAT AND CURE
CAT ABBH. Nose and Throat Troubles. Nervous Dl»eaae». Kidnf y
and Liver Diseases. Bladder Troubles Htart Disease. Diseases of
the Stomach and Bowels, Piles, Fistula «n! Rectal Disease 1, Fema:«
Complaints. Chronic Diseases of Women and Children. Rickets. Pptn-
al Troubles, Skin DIseares. Deafness Asthma. Bronchial and Luc?
Trouble*. Rheumatism, Hay Fever 'Xeural*la. Hysteria. Ear Dl*-
{eases. Goitre or Blp Neck, Varlcocele. Lost Manhood, etc. : Blood
Private Diseases. Scrofula and aU forms of Nervous and
i Chronic" Diseases (that ar« curable). •¦ •
OUB MOTTO: A low fee.? ( # 1>*^2^S>.
quick cuxe, mUd and palaleM 7 I^'^^^S^\
Coaaultatlon la person or /l S^^^^fc
by letter free to all. Call ft Y&, U^^^M
bt. A J. Short*. /\ ffiB$$
HOME CURES BY MAIL 1\
Do not despair because you live at a distance from the city. Tr*. Vi£5?
Shores' new system of HOME TREATMENT makes it easy to ift
expert advice and treatment at home. Their new symptom blank J&rJ&OSrSi '
covers eiery symptom of dleease which enables them to dlaffnoM /^pj£v8rf-if
your case and tell you what your trouble la. what can be dono for /¦^%mVBkVj!f J Jj
you, and what the cost of a cure will be. WRITE If you cannot *&\Zx&&r£1r
vY/vivi'TTnv" ' T^ t0 1! "" and Uk< » dv '' n t 1 Kt of the FREE
EXAMINATION. W hsther you take treatment or not the ad- > *i^!3rl w<^
vice costs you nothing. Dr 0 W 8"""
WEAK MEN PAY WHEN CURED
If you suffer from any of the weaknesses w « cure *<"* fl ™t »nd then ask a Rie»
or diseases caused by Ignorance, excess or SONABLE FEE when you are eured You*
contagion YOU ARE THE VERY PERSON can depend upon our word- thou»»n,u ..f
WE WANT TO TAtJC TO. patients have Indorsed us NOW WP
We have proven cur «kni In curlns; WANT TO CURE YOU with the distinct
CHRONIC diseases by publishing th« many undentandlns; that we win not demand «
voluntary testimonials from home people. FEE unt1 ' w e cur© you. This aoDliea ta
giving names, pictures and addressesT Lost Manhood. Seminal Weakne's Her?
we C-rVMM Our <W ta '££
Private Diseases.. S23*rS«!E* !. trl fi"i re * •te.: c«nta«iou.
Because It would betray confld.nce. Hence SlS? ° B "' ALL WEAKNESSES or T*
we have to prove our aklll In this class of OFFICE HOURS: 0 a. m t« *ift» . .
trouble, ln another way. This Is our plan. Evenings « :S0 to 8- 8andiy?*io V m to^
Drs. Shores &. Shores, Expert Specialists, 933 « Markei sm
l * 1 '' t **" l^ l ** a '**' c *'** M **^' M ™^TniTIMI»MMsjni*iisl!? l . Km " f '"'''¦ ra!
EUBBUBBIIBBBraBHBBIBHBIHHaHHMHUUI
i Beautiful Odd Rockers.
0 We have gx\ entirely new stock of these handsome Rockers in all
¦ styles, shapes and patterns; rattan, cobbler seat, leather, upholstered, etc.
¦ We can sell fully 25 per cent cheaper than any other furniture house in
S3 this city, as we arc the only ones that own our building, have no rent
jjjj to pay and 'civc you the benefit in low prices.
0 LARGEST STORE. LOWEST PRICES.
D We are not members of the Carpet Combination.
1 The J. Noonan Furniture Co.,
b n I0I7I019 MISSION ST., ABOVE 6th. Near New Postof flee.
BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBflBBflBHBBflBBBflBBBBBBBBBBgThe Art Supplement with the
Sunday Call of July 26 will
make a most attractive picture
if -: framed with three or four
inch • Flemish v "dark green >-, oak
and powdered gold ornamenta
tions.
THE OLD HOMESTEAD.
Hgg3gggSj£c< BY
HENRY P. SMITH.
Spain • controls: the Cuban shoe mar
ket. " . -„-¦;,•; /*.¦__?:: ¦••-••. .-¦ •
, Famous - Football ¦¦ Player • Refuses '¦ to
>" Discuss His Recent Marriage
to Beryl Whitney. ".
"We're married, and that's all there Is
to it." /!
.'And that is all that Thomas . Graydon
of Cincinnati,, the famous fullback, who
recently married Beryl Whitney, daughter
of Millionaire {J. Parker Whitney, 'would
say* of his matrimonial affairs when •rep
resentatives of , the ? press attempted ' yes
terday to"- Interview ; ; him . at the Palace,
The members "of the~Point~Lobos Im
provement Club held their semi-monthly
meeting at Richmond Hall on last Wed
nesday evening. The meeting was large
ly attended, and after the regular busi
ness had been transacted the J following
named officers were elected to serve dur
ing the ensuing year: "President.; H.U.
Jaudin; first vice president, George M.
Baum; second vice president;- William M.
de Wolf; recording secretary, Dr. H. A.
POINT LOBOS RESIDENTS
ASK BETTER FACILITIES
Petition Supervisors to Make Many
Improvements for the Bene
fit, of Community.
GBAYDONS JOIN WIFE'S
¦ FAMILY AT MONTEREY
It was decided to ask the Board of Su
pervisors to lay a sidewalk on Fulton
street near the entrance of the park, and
also to have Richmond street sewer re
paired. A request will; also be made to
have more mail boxes installed through
out * the district. 7 Manager; Chapman = of
the United Railroads will be asked * to
run an earlier, car on c ; the ' Leavenworth
street line in order to give ' the residents
of the district a chance to get down j to
the wholesale district earlier in' the morn
ing.
Nle'meyer; financial secretary. John >J.
Caasidy; treasurer, P. J. Ward; sergeant
at arms, William A. Dea'ne.'
The school! close ln the . beginning of Jun»
and open again ln the Utter part of July. As
so many fair.iiiea so to the country merely for
the benefit of their children, the result la that
s round the Fourth of July holiday* the renoru
and summer boanJin»-houBe« are taxed to their
.full yimSi to take care of the guests. During
the week rollowln* many return, which con
tinues t>21 near the month's end. This relieves
the' holiday congestion and the many who
could not be accommodated at that time can
eacily be taken care of from now on.
No time ic better for an outing in Marin,
£onoma, Mendocino and L«ake counties than
July, Auruet and September. The e*-enlnr» are
Invariably pleasant. There the San Franciscan
can elt out ln the open air till late, pleasure
he new enjoys at home. The water ln the
rivers, streams and lakes are warni for bath
inr. and It is a time when the fish bite most
readily, besides. Till the end of Auirust In the
open season for deer In Sonoma County and
until the end of September ln Mendoctno
County.
Tho«e who could not be accommodated over
the holidays, and those who can now get away
from business, can easily find a location for
their outing by consulting "Vacation 1W3. '
Ipjmed by the California Northwestern Rail
way. Hotels, j-esorts. homes for summer
boarders and csmpinc npots are all given In
tills bock, torethpr with the \ surrounding*,
terms, etc. To be procured at the company's
offices or la aaswer to a mall request. - • .'
At the Young Men's Christian Associa
tion Hall next Thursday evening. Pro
fessor George Wharton James, widely
known as traveler, explorer and ethnolo
gist, will lectura'on the Hopl Indians and
their thrilling srfake dance. The lecture,
which is under the direction of the West
minster Presbyterian Society, will be Il
lustrated from latest pictures made by the
lecturer during his recent visit among the
cllff-dwelllr.g tribes.
Hopi Snake Dance Lecture.
Saunders' attorney made a strong plea
for a reduction in the amount of the fine
on the ground that Saunders was a sick
man and would have to undergo an opera
tion eoon. Besides he had resigned his
petition as business agent of the Building
Trades Council since his conviction.
The Judge, with the consent of Attorney
Kahn. who specially prosecuted, reduced
the fine, to $50. which was paid by P. H.
McCarthy, president, and O. V. Tveitmoe,
secretary of the Building Trades Council,
who were present ln court.
H. M. Saundere, who was convicted by
Police Judge Fritz of the charge of em*
bcrzling $25 handed to him ln August last
by J. J. Allen of the Cornice Workers'
Union to be sent to the striking coal
miners ln Pennsylvania, appeared for sen
tence yesterday. The Judge ordered him
to pay a fine of $100, with the usual alter,
native.
Plea That He Is Suffering Ill
ness Causes Court to Make
Penalty Lighter.
SAUNDEBS SENTENCED FOB
CBIME OF EMBEZZLEMENT
He Is accused of havln* 6tolen two
checks from Carl Mobius, a recent ar
rival In this city. When arrested the
checks were found ln his possession.
Mobius, who Is a glassblower employed
by the Iron Mountain Glass Company ln
Shasta County, arrived several days ago
and broucht wjth him two checks on a'
local bank, on<? for $200 and the other for
$150. Yesterday afternoon he wandered
into a saloon at £13 Kearry and while en
gag-ed in draining a glass of beer an al
tercation started between two men who
were in the p'ace.
Blows were exchanged and Mobius, de
sirous of taking part in the fray, removed
bis coat and, throwing It to one of the
combatants, declared that he would at
tend to the aggressor. At this Juncture
the f.ght came abrupty to an end and
Mobius put en his coat. Some time after
ward he made the startling discovery lhat
the two checks were missing
He communicated with the police and
pave an excellent description of the fel
low who had held his coat. About 6
o'clock O'Brien was found ln a Washing
ton-street clotting store, where he had
just purchased a suit of clothes, giving
the smaller check in payment, and was
waiting for the change. On the way to
the Hall cf Justice he made an attempt
to throw awav the other check, but the
alertness of the officers prevented him
carrying out his Intention.
He was later identified by Mobius and
will be booked to-day.
John O'Brien, a bartender, was arrested
last evening by Detective Armstrong:, and
Patrolmen C. W. Brown and A. I*.
I i 'jlrr.es and his name placed on -the deti
nue book.
Carl Mobiois Accuses John O'Brien of
Purloining From His Pocket
During Bow.
PEACT3LAKER LOSES CHECKS
WHM-T 1 . STOPPTKTG A FIGHT
BUZZARDS BAT, Mus., July 18.—
A son was born to ex-President
and Mrs. Grover Cleveland at
their summer home here to-day.
The attendants say that all con
ditions aiTe-ctlr.gr both mother and child
•are satisfactory.
Son Is Born to the Wife of
Former President Grover
Cleveland.
' FORMEB PRECEDENT'S WIFE
WHO HAS AGAIN' BECOME
A MOTHER.
STORK LEAVES
ONE MORE BOY
AT GRAY GABLES
where, ' as already announced, he ,and' his
AUGUSTA, Me.. - JulyrlS.— President i 0*otf
Harris ot Amhmt College officiated at th«
funeral of Mrs. Jamei G. Blaln* at tn« Bialne
mansion - thXa < afternoon."* Floral tribute* fwra
every : section of •, ta« : country • ae*rtjr Mrfe4
the X casket. •gggKUBKSIt "I','. '¦'.¦'• .-'-.:.
BELOITi Wla., July 13.-Judge B. F.
Dunwiddle of the Circuit Court "of t Rock
County to-day granted a restraining fn
junction against picketing at the ; Berlin
Machine "Works. .The Injunction lalveiry
sweeping In Its nature. The Machinists'
Union has been out on a strike for .nine
weeks.
Injunction Against Picketing.
Mr. and Mrs. . Graydon are enjoying their
honeymoon" trip; the Itinerary of which In
cludes/a visit, to Monterey, whefre they
have for several /weeks contemplated a
welcome and a' parental blessing from the
Whltneys senior, who are* spending the
summer there. Yesterday at an early
hour the young, couple notified the Whlt
neys by wire of their coming, and later,
apparently, in , receipt ; of an encouraging
message from the seashore resort, they
partook of a sumptuous lunch in the Pal
ace grill and ; then -were ; sped . southward
on the Monterey, flyer. It. is their inten
tion to rem&ln'at Monterey for a" week or
so,:, when* they * will ' probably -join 'young
Parker -Whitney and his bride ! of a : few
young bride arrived the previous after
noon. J
months at the Parker, family's country
seat at Rocklln.\ "
THE SAN FRAKCISGD CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 19; 1903.
25
THE EMPORIUM. | • THE EMPORIUM. | - HE EMPORIUM. 1. '......, \ ,^ THE EMPORITJM. ' . ¦ | . THE EMPOKIUM. ....... J , THE EMPORIUM.
Biggest Wash Goods »< - *Y • / /• V «¦ -^'A Lucky Duck," 18c
Special This Year EN VPTVt W\ 1 T\ O 1O1* !^ rhrtOl Other Music Bargains
Where e sc in Ca'd crnu can you get a. Wash fabric ™'^ w ¦ mf AA&JICa T . . W 2 fl a\y 1^ W B^ .
bargain like this? Coal h'as gone up, cotton has gone up -.\ , ; ' lasts' 7 w" wi^ell^he "grci bst^um" mal Tucccss l
yorMonZ/,°nd S,™" f ° r *™ Kf "' '^ W e do . not advertise articles with : glowing and exaggerated descriptions, promising -Bdiak-s Pta. insttvctors--Bo.rd.ovc,., , n u y w 7 W
Wash Zephyrj— i2,oo3 yards that were left over in the mill *t ths end' .\VOnderS Which We Cannot perform, and SO disappointing OUr CUStOmerS. Every Em- Monday and during week while quantity lzsu..4^Sc
of thf mannfarnirino Krason will be told fcr tWO dayg mf%'^£. .'¦' . .. ,.'¦'. ' . . ¦ . T T -.t~ ¦ " ~t V , • '- ' " J J i"l* ' : f " ¦'"» - i' i '* ¦ ¦' " ' •¦ \ ¦'••'' :'V,"--:» * : V-- ,*
at the price of the Aw material. New st.ipei ef- O/3C P orutm advertisement is backed by goods and prices, and you are doubly safeguarded The Century Edition ol 10c Sheet Music cannot b: surpassed
feet* and tome plain colors; a i inequality; per yard hprp hprsiicp if/trW 1 c n mnfipv-hnrk *1nrt> lr ic a cjjfA ?jnH rpHflhlA tr^Hincr nliirp •¦wh'pr'p ci at.any price. Here arc a few numbers the iooo
36-inch Enjlish Long Cloh- Fine suality; piece of 12 f n nere » DCCaUSe MIS IS d PlOfiey OflCR Store. It IS B. Sate and reiiaDie iraOing piaCe, Wnere a cata i 0^ e contain.: "The List Hope," Gotbchal!c; "Lustsplel
Jard$ a ¦ -,«• ¦ v • ••.•;•••• v»«f « child can buy as well as a grown person. Special Sale Goods ordered by mail or tele- overture,': KdaBe-a ; ««MarthaOp. 39," Dorn ; »Pairn Branched
40-inch Colored Ora^ndy- For wawti and events wear, hght pinks, , - > . ... Jf,- ¦ i, *?. _. ,' f-- -¦¦-¦• <" ; J Faure; "Serenade," Shubcit; "The OM Fo ki At Home," "Ber-
blue*, kmon, nfle and black; yard . . . . •. . . ... . 200 pnOne Will not be Sent C. O. D. ceuse," Hoffinan, etc. etc *i~?S
Free Watch or Camera School Books, School ' , i^^tl
. With Every School Suit **i2*tsenncp*a*\i szmdi ' /:^7\
WSm&§9^l HmiBlIM Thc be " rcad y- to - wcar B °y»' Clothing that is made at our reg^ar everyday low / - *»•«¦¦• W##«r#Jf CMHBIM «?fl^ff###C?9 J^> j W(VM\
:^^^^ - , §| |aiH| prices/and with every one of these Sch'ool Suits sold this week your choice of either Everything that Will be required during the COITling i'#iF^^^\
i^^^^^^^^^- gj^iyiHHffi'- a gpod American nickel-plated full size open-faced watch, excellent time keeper, or a f-prm hv ?rhnlar<; in thp Prim^rv Cirommor or\r\ T-lirrh S^&^^k^*^ 1 I&fvZx&/b
iilbsi^ Broin'c Camera, guirantred to be a perfect picture-uker.- Hundreds ofsMes to . [?"" W j^j , • I I r !P Hl - g , A^^ZSS^W*&£&
illHilHilBllliSK 5dctfrom - Th-se three va-ucs should especially appeal to parents with bo>s to outfit Schoolsana studentsin the Medical Colleges, on sale /w^^^ot^^^^^
V^^^^S BlUSnl : RnvS^Norfnlk «nd Double Rr Mc tpH ln 0UI " S P edal Sch ° 01 B °° k and Su PP ! y Department, On 'i/Yl^MtW^^^X
rr^^^^^W^tl^^^^^^^^S. ' , Suits— Excellently made of all-wool fabrics; every suit "lain tJOOr, at DCpaTtmCM Store pHCCS. BlK /^C^^^ m^wfA
§<^^^5fe lllP^BfS \ ill Boys'' 3-'piece'suit's-Strictiy aii'wooi materials, Books, Medical Books, Dictionaries, Note 4s=^^U^^C/^-&^^ \\W^
*$$^0&si$g W&^ K \^^^0\S^ ¦ handsome ncw faU St x lcs » P crfcctl y tailored, sizes . for 8 to Bocks, Spelling Blanks, Slates, Blotters, vj^ ~~~J$\ Jk\ fe^^^JvS'i
•^'§¦3^^® ic^^¥!v^^^^^^^ 16 years ..$4.95 i n j <> Pencils, Book Straps, Lunch Boxes, etc., I ' d^&^CP^^^^^^
[•¦-•¦^^^^^1 RP^^^^^^^^^ B °,XS n teed^n-too^"t t er1 a is S " i HSi cu7 in etc * In s P ecial Book Department, in rear of
sizes lor i o lo iq years # . . ¦. . ••• • . SmmSO * o , **»»•- ¦ ¦•
Silks, Dress Goods Fall Overcoats, $1O.OQ Sheets, Cases, Blankets, i
Immense Reductions Monday Two Good Styles o, Comforters— Low Priced
A large lot of beautiful new 22-inch Pcau de Gant Silk-a g , , . Darti^ llarlv strona 200 Dozcp Pfflow Cascs-In the most useful size, $x 36
soft weave in the very choicest colorings— one of the we. are reaay wun two particularly strong. &! r + -n ¦* 1 .
most popular silk fabrics of the season for evening fe lines of Men's Overcoats, the medium x^/^ , inches, that will fit almost any pillow; made of the
wear-in such colors as white, cream, pink, light blues, Ien2th and the ", , o stv le with ' iW'l y? 7 1^ -dre. sc d pl iiow castng; the sue .nd q uaht 7 wh lc h
reseda, gray, tan, cardinal, royal and champagne; an exceptional — lengtn, ana • me lOng, lOOSe Style Wim | if bought m the regular way to-day could not profitably be sold ff^
value at 85c yard (being wider than the ordinary silk); *?^QQq Vertical pOCketS, made of ' fashionable B | I under 16= each, are offered for Monday only at B M I0
for Monday only, yard . Cloths in black Oxford grav or tan lined I I / Sheets and Sheetings— Wow we quote half a dozen astonishingly
About looo.yards of all-wool Albatros-b the most up-to-date weave of this C1Ol " b » fM^fe °* IOra &W; 0T iai1 ' lineG LU , low price, for our very best quality 'sheets and sheeting,. These good, £»2
popular fabric for waist,, evening ;dresses dressing ..cques, kimon.s, etc. , in .with double Warp Serge; the best quail- tf^^Y ¦ net be produced at the s«ne price to.day. Any day thi, week we will, ell you:
•uch choice colorings as cream (which is all the rage now), pink, .. , , , .. . •' I \ r r j j j j
blue, red. tan, gray, nile,' reseda, gobelin, turquois:, maize, etc., £§Q(Q tleS and DeSt tallorm g POSSlble tO put ln I \ 81x90 Sheets, double bed size 70o
a splendid 50a value; special Monday only, yard ...... **•" a garment at this price, the best OVerCOatS | t 72^90 Sheets, three-quarter sfze 6O0
Black Taflcta— Yard wide— a rich, lus- new colon, including cream and hq r f . .. 54190 Sheets, single bed size , .... . 45o
trous make that will wear well; very black; is strictly all-wool; per yard we ildVC CVCI icen 1UI ine O** g% #1/1 81-inch Sheeting, double bed widths, yard.,,250
-•^^"J^.W'V'w 0 ' ' • * * V* 75 f money, all sizes.-..., ..jpiUmWJ <s qg 72 .j nch sheeting, 34 width, yard . . .22j4o'^ : -
21-tnch Black Peav de Soic— Double- 46-mch Crepe Egypta— A new soft . - *^ . , cu . 6 ¦< * . , ' \ J .. . , " x *
faced— bur guarantee on every yard; weave, with a crepe finish— in all ,. . - . 54-mch Sheeting, single bed width, yd., f 7^0
will make pretty coats and dresses; the new colorings; in great demand Pft&MUl&r f^iisSSi^A r S^mVmWmwB^t*Bf % f m Gut White Wco1 Blankets— 50 pain only of a Comforters- 20 d«:n ful doubl: bed Tuc,
extra value, at yard.. . . $1.00 for street and evening wear; this ¦**]#*•*¦•«* ¦' ,mVm\am&mm%Mam9 . Mr m fvCr «#««• very heavy, closely made wool blanket, with covcred „;& goo d , ikolin;, wool-tafted,
27-fach Pcav de Crepe— A heavy soft good quality, per yard ... 7So Monday atttl Tuesday binding ' i"' ze 7 " 84 P« re white ««°n, each si.W
Mlk-finished like crepe de chine; 38-jnch Cheviot Serfle— Popular .tree t We have taken about a dozen line, of Taffeta White Wool' BUnktte-Vx "pai'rs'of *%^ Comfortm-38 dozen e«ra larg= double bed'
very popular for •«« «d evening dre,s fabne-m shades of reds, gray, Moire and Gros Grain Ribbon, in some of the 7? X^^t^Jt^L blaT W;th Iaminittd eottOB hind "
wear; an unmatchable value « tan navy, royal, reseda, etc., . \ggB fKl prctt5cst sty]cs that arc now in most demand, and 'pai ! '" ' <£ 7 5 ?*> TT* "?
yard ....... $1.00 great wearing fabric and popularly |||| S have arranged for another of our astonishing ribbon Gray Cotton B!anket S - I S 9 pair^^de of .pccaUy pneed, each . . $,. 5O
44-fnch Volle-In a nice assortment of priced, yard 50c H^kJ^BS «*« *" Monday and Tuesday by reducing prices ** f *f ««». f «*^» *fa ™1 Crochet Spread,- Full double bed ,be, fin-
—^ — — —^ _ . SSXllJH^ !r®0iS.^^l r t_-5 i_ir useful for robes and camp ng blankets, per ished ends, full assortment of pattcnu, Tery
mmm * mm ****** m ~ ' 5^ -^ from One-third tO One-half. . . -, . . r - C , ~~ c l O crlv nricrJ rich <t tit)
Extraordinary Offering of iJX Wm " " " — yp ' ' " $uo °
Suits, Jackets, Dress Skirts tt % Fashionable Wrist Bags
y£22' $28.75 Suits Now $9.95-Spleridid all wool ZibUine Snitj, ; V - : * *• 2 J^-inch b'.ack, double-faced Satin Ribbons— • ¦ ¦
bfautifully made and up-to-date in ityle; the jackets lined throughout, ,1/ j nc h and 3 l /> inch Black Gros Grain of finest quality, not a yard in the wwOltnbOO IO V^mUU ov_ ,AoSL-IP|?
W.f «bui«on e »fd««< re « t .U,.. »« lmm,lyJu >' &S.9IS Monday, and Tueidiy also if quantity Ukj, per yard I IC This IS probably the largest pur- 'IH||,:: 1 |l|ri'lfiirjn
WM ™-™ yards of 3^-inch Satin Taffeta Ribbon superb qf ,ity; feg^g^^ MmMmMk
/^^5> cf .heseverj- desirable modem suits, au well made, of material, that are in an Al assortment of colors, white, pmkblue cardinal and fa of Chi o> Wetookall li|SiM((/W
/fwte»\ «- thc vtr? ' Ute$t v T'l "/ uc^ colo "v. *!, nav v' u u' rcd '- brown> etc - black ' and 4 # and 5^ inch iancy hemstltched , taffe ? S ' in black that the jobber had left of these l£a£igllVi Jt /M.V.t 'li' rfll't / iV-W
in W only^handsome ribbons worth 30c to 40c the yard, Monday f^ styles, and got them t Ji*-
//\ i h' jams at the special price xp i £ m*4ri& and i uesday • • • • • * • • • • •• • • ? tically at our own price. They are
i Sii»x Shirt Svaist Dresses that were |» 5 .oo, beautiful Lot 3—1960 yards of 4-inch Satin and Taffeta Ribbon; very fine new, strictly up-to-date creations in leather, worth in the regular way
\ x*£**-*^X}?& «iik* b dainty pin head check* and itr'peij reduced now to dote quality; in white, pink, blue and cardinal, and 7-inch Black, Bril- from 65c to 52.00 each, and are perfect in every particular.
M If out balance of .=a W n-., upF i y to &1&/1& liant Taffetas; worth at least 35c a yard, Monday and O^» . . ¦ . "i -^
<ly\ ••*•;• yrM-mWm-w^dV Tuesday only. • • Lot 1— An assortment of wrist bags, made of walrus gram stock, all
jK»v\ <?n* $6.50 Dress Skirts Now $4.95— Made of good black * * shapes including the new "Kile," in a good assortment of desirable
Mvi Solid Silver Brooches 28c MSiB^^B&&S$fm^^:
Lu\\^^S£ii^J^^J^S!i^Sm^ Worth 5OC, 75C, $1.00 . Ut 2 _ L arge "Kile" shape wrist bags, with gilt and nickel frames and
VLJf/ viL^^^^S. " "¦ weU made and excelenily lined throughoutj cut to doae out There -are- the most ttylish ¦_JS9&l >^— *-n. //i^SA chains, moire silk lining; mOSt Of them have inside POCKetS, and
M^*=s^^ jM \ xhit wcck: Brocch pins to w«r «kh £%|fcijk '/^f 1^ vMi^^&\ man y other new and-pretty shapes; bags well worth 85c £fO*»
WtA\^ / . 750 skirt, . $2.23 i : r NeT '?*?«r«r^ v^^^^. w^ky Waffi&y and $im each ' Monday and Tuesday c
fmC^^ fwsik^ '//'ii S"2- ?ktl • SI'tS SLT^J 1^*^ W Lot 3-Abi K assortment of new and up-to-date styles in genuine seal,
S3 ¦ l|_y^^ * S'f/sStT + ii oo* 3 ' 73 J? 6 h t Sih.7e,r«ur«. cu- 5^ Wp'/ NS^ walrus, lizard, morocco, sea lion, etc., beautifully finished, all with
x- J^^"^ * " +5 * - • . ' 9^»mZn3 . • P id, hearti with, hrads, dog , inside pockets; not a bag in the lot worth less than .$1.50.
Cloth «lackct8— Medium heary kersey; tome blouse front, tome loose box back and some heads, crowns, intaglio patterns, etc., and are worth regu'arly 50c to $1.00 each; our buyer • mQs^ o f them a $2.00 Value* Monday and Tuesday • . 40 O
plain double-bresited fitted Wa"king Jackets, in lengths from 2a to 27 inchei;. red only; reg- closed out an entire 6tock of them at less than ha'futuil wholevalc price, and we offer *&_&gf% " ' - %S^mC
ularly {12.50 to f 18.50; reduced to cloie out th's week to $6,Q8 f $7*38, $Q*Q5 them Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday,. while quantity lasts, each . . .-. . . ,mVw ...... ..;.,...-. . . . ... . • • • • • • •.>.'l
School Underwear Center Pieces \ Boys' School Ladies' Shoes Girls' School Groceries, Liquors
and Hosiery Burnt Leather Borders Furnishings Half Price {, Dresses Monday and Tuesday
, ***-h ¦ ¦* BoysV50c Unlavndcrcd Shirts— New While making ready for our in- 6 irls* Serge Sail- Bacon— Beit Eastern' Breakfast, regukriy
Children's 1x1 ribbed fast black cot- 4tfC York Mills Muslin > linen comin g stock of Fall and Winter or Suits- For . %V **V f e * \''' ' I 9 *
ton hose_h:gh. «phced heel., • . bosoms . : . . . : - . 29o Shoes, we have selected 16 lots of . ages 6 to .2 SS " t^dS^S^^L^^SS
doubc knees and soles, sizes 5 to rj^ys These are the *>& GoU Shirts— New patterns, in which the sizes are broken,, and y«ri, just the ;r( : QA^ T n rS mlf
o^.perpair. . . .'^12#O %rs J^^^l .veTy latest Plain and pleated bosoms, sizes marked them half price, to close thbgTor school. 8 5cJ.3tUe,Dr.Dohrmann.oi 1 veOu,6Oc
A^t^^^A ,, \9in1A '¦• RHg* 111- 1 tu Lt . navy bus and dark • fr^&^J A Nabisco Wafers— Athena, Ramona, Festino
Children's extra h«vy 4-thrcad COt- Ci^^^M/^ "OVelty Cen-. X f tO 14 • * " * J_ * • ' '. Y C/C -thlS Week. They^COnSlSt Of: re7 cut ful with /W5^(\ or Champagne, fancy cakes, tin .. 24o
tonhost— 1x1 andzxi ribbed— O| ter pieces' di- Boys Mm Bosom amris in eat stripes, Ladies » shoes and Oxford Ties deep hem, lined • //i (A. y h\ bottta Roy.! Silad Dressing . '. 17o
the best stocking manufactured for rV^^^^^^T) rect f rom New _ sl ; es c 1 ': I0 . 1 7 ' * ' ' * V< oo —Patent Leathers, Vici Kid, Cloth -Aronglwut • and L?,M rr\ yrfe-j Kona Coffte-Delido« flaTor, Ib. . . IQo
rough and ready wear-siz:, 6 to L^^^^^ York market, and Kid Tops, light weight exten- l^XV^L IM^^ or Queen U.y-6 bars..«5o
io,pair 25O the richest vZ?~^V^V« A\aM \r' ™^W,Z Sion SOleS-military Or Louis XV braM, large v 1y M ' Hard Water Crackers-Benfa, Ib. . 2BO
CXjU^J? and mOSt ar- Boys .StOcKhiaS-r-Llght medium hee l_they were regularly «,ld at Ji.oo to collar vfin«htdCf|}|l|. Jft\\ Choice T.as-Uncolored Japan, EngGih
Children's Jersey Ribbed Underwear V -^ tistiC Creation Weight, fast black, dOUble SOleS, 53.50 piir— the new prices are: with dainty bowJJl^^ff/ |j( IT i\\ V Breakfast or Oolong, 3 lbi. .. . ShOO
—Recced lined cotton vests, pants shown in the Art Embroidery De- heels and toes .... . 25o <£1 DO in Q1 7*i J" • ' f 5 ' 00 : - N:wJ a msorJel!i«-i-ib., 7 ja«, 91.OO
and boy's drawers, in natural color nartmpnt this season To intro- Boys' Neckwear— .Windsors, tecks, V' U " WU V**.**» ; Misses Jackets- wf^WW^ Hickmofs Crown Asparagua. do*. $2. 75
only-size, 20 to 34 inches, per f 5 uce them weoffer a lotof four-in-hands and shield bows^.. M f S^?WW »« f 7 SS
g^ent :. . 25o 450-made of fine/velours with ' ' ¦' ' •¦¦¦¦.,-¦- •¦•.-•¦• -2^^: ¦ L, madeofcc- ii|i ' to-5Solt"G^ S&ISS
r»,-w vm 4 tr^--w»»- ftr burnt leather borders, each piece \» -¦ i. .. . ¦ :• verts, Me.tons and n/Vjir ' Champion Whhkey -9 yean old, fu'I quarts
¦ *yjf* % f?<" A ] Creme'deV^-Wie-B^rdV^
pants- color, white and natural pretty designs, instead Of $1.00 -/£/ 4*^ "^ f \~'* lined, al raUor finished, now marked ... . Creme de Mtmht Mane mna^tg*
each, Monday AS*** "^ VJ>7 /^ jflyfi^ # # £^ ...... f6.0O to $8.5O Pabjt si Ma lt Tonic-dozen .. $2.25
Sizes 2 to 3 years o:d . . 50o each only • . . ... . . Aw a JB Si * yBBM J li JM Ji Jl U Jzltm Misses' and Children's Wa>h D.essej— Our Yellowstone Whiikey— Rye or Bourbon,
S ; z-s < tfifi vears o'd *«/»#» each & M ifiL^^L S Mmm^WA / %*mf &^/S/aL / W&s / & A9 S complete line of white lawn-, pique?, colored :ull "quirts $1*05
tZ too IZlli %Hn each Cushion TORS and Backs- '^T,-, , , T^ " y^-^ 1^* E^ams, !erg es, ducks and zephyrs; --not .11 vBurke'sVsiar or Irish Scotch Whiskey-
bizcs 7 to 9 years o.d. . 6UO each . oo of very prett y cushion top , CALIFORNIA'S LAftGESTs " ¦ ¦nf""^"" ««« i" «^h style, but all sizes tram 6 to 14 , bott'e 98O
S:zes ioand I I years old.SOC cac h latest floral effects — the kind regular- OO^» " ' -^—mmmmm*MaiBBBR^B0&^^^^^^ years in some cf the styles; dresses that w;re Martell 3 Star Brandy— Genu : ne, bottle.
Sizes 12 and 13 years old. 7{7t7 cach .ly sold at $1.00 each,- Monday only. JB^C? ¦"^BH^Si'^^^^^AMERrCA'SGRAN DEST. STORE I 1 - 2 5 t0 J''-5°. nov.-.'.98c to $6.95 \' ' • •••••• • • • S1*48
ALL THIS WEEK-=^.This suit Is but: the beginning of a se
ries of actions to r decide the legality of
the business . boycott that The Owl Drug
Company Intends- to bring. The decision
will settle thequestion as to whether the
defendants may be . prosecuted under the
anti-trust lavs. Kaufnunn of Stratton
& Kaufrnann is attorney for th« complain
ant, r^v " • • .. -
Although the suit.' is brought for but
$3000, the.court may. treble, the same if it
sees fit. Twenty-five hundred dollars at
torney's fees are also asked.
The complaint sets forth that it Is the
Intehtidn' and' Object" of the defendants
illegally to absorb and : control -the .drug
market. in , San . Francisco and In the ad
jacent counties." That the. conspiracy has
been entered Intoby the defendants for
the^ purpose of establishing a monopoly
forrthe supply and sale of drugs to the
public, and The Owl Drug Company re
fused to enter into\thl s - combination be
cause it was contrary, to the Federal laws
as set forth in the . Sherman act.
The complaint sets forth also that the
prices at which complainant is now sell
ing, drugs are fair and reasonable prices
and that" they can make a fair profit
upon the' 'goods 1 at these prices; that any
Increase in these prices will give the deal
er more' than a fair profit at the expense
of the purchaser.
In order to bring the case under the
Sherman act the complaint alleges that
these articles upon which a conspiracy
has been formed to prevent The Owl 'Drug
Company from purchase are manufac
tured outide of California and aro brought
into the State by the wnoiesalers.
The. complaint sets forth in detail, the
workings of the alleged combination and
the methods by which it is thought to
fix prices. The compla...t alleges that
the San 'Francisco Bay Counties Asso
ciation comprises nearly all the druggists
in business in San Francisco and that it
demanded of ; the wholesalers on or about
May 5, 1903, that they refuse to sell to
The ' Owl Drug store. This action was
taken, according to the complaint, as the
result of a written agreement between
the members of the association. Since
that time The Owl alleges that it has
been unable to purchase drugs of thesa
wholesalers, although it has ordered
goods of them and offered to pay cash
in cold coin. - ¦ >•
Suit was brought before Judge Morrow
in the United States Circuit Court yes
terday afternoon by The Owl Drug Com
pany aeralnst 227 wholesale and retail
druggists of San Francisco for $3000 dam
ages claimed by The Owl Drug Company
because of an alleged conspiracy araonc
thfe- defendants to ! force The Owl Drug
Company out of business by boycotting
it and preventing it from purchasing
drugs.
The list . of defendants includes . the
names of almost every wholesale and re
tail druggist doing business In San Fran
cisco. The claim is made by The Owl
that the defendants have combined to fix
the retail price of proprietary articles
and drugs and constitute a trust con
trary to the laws of the United States.
The National Wholesale Druggists* As
sociation, the Natianl Association of Re
tail Druggists, the Proprietary Associa
tion of America and the San Francisco
Bay Counties Association of Retail Drug
gists are also made defendants to the ac
tion, i
George TV. Rowland, a machinist, who
lives at 424 Tehama street and who is em
ployed at the American Steel and Wire
Works, at Sixteenth and Folsom streets,
had the bone of his right arm broken
yesterday by its coming In contact with &
rapidly revolving wheel. He was removed
to St. Luke's Hospital, where the broken
limb was set. --•.- ¦ *.S .'.«.>;.;:•_*
Arm Broken by Machinery.
San Francisco Firm
Seeks to Recover
Damages.*
SUES DRUGGISTS
FOR CONSPIRACY
G. H. Whlttemore and G. P. Kane, ex
ecutors of the estate of the late well
known yachtsman Philip Caduc, were
made defendants yesterday In a suit to
recover $3028 50, filed by Charles Stewart.
The plaintfft claims that he advanced the
deceased at various times between No
vember 15. 1901. and the time of his death
sums which, with interest, amount to the
sum sued. for, and for which he says he
holds as security a mortgage on Caduc's
famous sloop yacht Annie, i
Sues Caduc's Executors.
The new building on the northwest cor
ner of Post street and Grant, avenue will
be ten stories high.
Four three-story frame buildings will be
erected on the northeast corner of O'Far
rell and Steiner streets for Henrietta
Franklin at a cost of about $50,000. They
will cover 109:9x95 feet.
Charles and B. C. Brown will erect a
three-story frame building on the north
west corner of Geary and Laguha streets.
Dan Einstein will erect a large, apart
ment I house on . the northwest - corner of
Pine and Lyon streets. He has recently
put up twelve buildings on Lyon street,
between Pine and California^ at a cost of
about $60,000.
The southeast corner of Sutter. and
Powell streets has been sold by Helene
arid E. M. K. Holly to William A. Thomas
Jr. and Frederic E. Magee. The price Is
hot made public.
000 to $1,000,000. the stock to be divided
Into 10,000 shares Of the par value of $100
each. The notice that has been sent out
to the stockholders is signed by. C. M.
Keeney, secretary.
E. J. Baldwin- is planing to "put a six
teen-story structure on the present site of
the Baldwin annex on Market street, near
Powell.
PHOENIX, Aril.,* July 18.— George Freder
icks, hoisting engineer at the Congresa mine,
committed suicide in Concress yesterday by
shooting himself It is said he had been
drinking and fighting with a negro and ap
peared to be crazed. He said he was going to
kill either himself or the negro and shortly
afterward killed himself.
There are about 2000. more ladies' fine
tailor suits left at Baron's great reduction
sale. They all must be sold before Mr.
Baron leaves for New York City. -All the
$50.00 and $10.00 Imported suits will be'
closed out at $30.00 and $20.00. The $25 00
line, $11.50, at 762 Market street. •
Last Days of the Great Reduction
Sale.
The SuDreme Court allowed Mrs. A.
Delatour $1000 damages yesterday for the
death of her »on. who was killed by
some falling boxes In front of a Market
street 6tore about two years ago. The
only question raised was as to the right
of the mother to maintain the action in
view of the fact that she had separated
from her husband. The court held that
when one spouse is compelled to leave
the other by reason or cruelty,- "tleser
tlon" is constructive and is committed
by the party responsible for the trouble.
Francis Buelna was also allowed $750
damages for breach of promise on -the
part of John M. Ryan. The defendant
argued that Mrs. Buelna had not been
divorced from her former husband for a
year at the time she agreed to enter
wedlock again, and therefore the engage
ment was void. Tha court says that a
marriage at such a time would be "illegal
and void." but that an agreement to
marry cannot be construed likewise.
Supreme Court Hands Down De
cisions Which Settle Interest
ing 3>gal Controversies.
SUITS FOR DAMAGES
WON BY TWO WOMEN
3IARUCCHI TO COME
TO ST. FRANCIS HOTEL
Famous French Boniface, Now Here,
Will Be Assistant to Man
ager Allan Pollok.
Harvey Maruechi, famous among trav
elers on the Continent as a bonlface of
various hostelries in Monte Carlo and
along the Riviera in France, is a guest at
the Occidental Hotel. He has come to
F.an Francisco to confer with Manager
y.llr.n Pollok of the new St. Francis Hotel,
of which he is to be the assistant man
ttfCT.
Jlarucchi was engaged to come to this
country two years ago to open the new
Ar.tlers Hotel at Colorado Springs, and
brought with him several chefs and a
crew of men. Recently he was displaced
el the Antlers and went to Denver, where
he r.as engaged as manager, but later se
cured a lease of the Adams House. There
was considerable comment at the time of
tbc change, for when Marucchi left tha
Colorado Springs hostelry he took his en
tire crew of chefs and assistants tilth
him.
Meanwhile Manager Pollok of the St.
Fiands had opened 'negotiations with
Uarueclii. with the result that be has
cgreed to accept the position of assistant
nuinagrr, and is here to look over the
Flans of the hotel. He will return shortly
to Denver, and comes back to stay in the
early part of November, when the hotel
will open its list of rooms for -rental.
<Joiitraxy to reports that have lately be»n
circulated. Manager Pollok said yesterday
fiat no rooms have yet been rented In the
new hotel and that none will be until the
first day of November.
Heart Disease Cause of Death.
Dr. H. E. Davis filed a certificate in
the Coroner's office setting forth organic
heart disease as the cause of the death
of State Senator George H. Williams.
Easton, Eldrldge & Co. auctioned realty
last receiving • the ¦ following
prices: '.'¦;'*-'?
Northeast corner, of Seventh and Cleveland
streets, tvlth. three-story frame bulldln* on
Seventh i street, and " two flats : on • Cleveland
street. ?8250: lot 25x85 feet., with three-atory
frame, on'the" west line of Seventh street, be
tween Howard and Folsom. iTd.,278 and 280.
for $9000; lot 25x85 feet, with two flats and
rear house, on the south' line. of Pacific. sUeet,
229:0 feet east from Leavenworth street, . for
$7500- lot 45:flxO8:9 feet, on the ' northeast line
Of First street, C8: 10 feet northwest from Fol
som, for' $6000; Iot 35x80 feet, on the "touth
line of Merritt street, " 25 feet west from Hat
tie, for $415; lot 25x125 feet, on the west line
of • Castro street, 105 .feet south from Henry,
between Fourteenth and . Fifteenth,' $1550;
southwest corner of Twentieth and Alabama
streets, with Improvements, 23x104 feet, for
$1050. •,
A meeting of the stockholders of the
California Title Insurance and Trust Com
pany will be held August 17 at No." 410
Montgomery street for the purpose : of
voting upon a. proposal to ; increase the
capital stock of the company from $250,-
Lot 60x120, on the east line of Forty-eighth
avenue. 200 feet north, or L street .for J1500.
to John F.. Peat: lot 23x125. or i_ '*• "* I'M
of Seventeenth avenue. 200 feet MrthoM
street, to Mary A. Burke for ?800: lot 50x120
on the west line of Ninth avenue. MO feet
south of J street, to ;F. Barry for $2200: lot
50x120, on the west line of Forty-sixth avenue,
200 feet -south of ir street, to James N. .Perrle
for $1500; lit 23x120. en the west line of Forty
el Bhth avenue. 202 :<} feet south of K street, to
W. B. Horr for $580: lot 25x120, on the east
line of Seventeenth avenue. 150 feet nor.n or
I street, to L. M, O" Bryan for $800. . :
$1900. Four new residences are "in ,course
of construction. E. W. McLellan.\ who
has charge of the cultivation of the park,
has been instructed to proceed with the
oiling of the roadways throughout the
tract. ; ...
Easton, Eldridce &~ Co. announce that
they will hold their next semi-monthly
auction sale Tuesday. July 2S, at which
sale the following properties will lie of
fered: ' " .
msmm
mmwm
rtlpiiil
Sol Getz & Son report that, notwith
standing the usual dullness in midsummer
season their Ocean Beach and Sunset
properties are In good demand and a num
ber of lots near the ocean.have been sold
recently to people from the ¦ interior of
CaUfornla who want to escape the pros
trating hot weather. The firm has made
the following sales:
The new cars are now being : . operated
between Holy Cross and San • Ma teo, and
after the completion of the power-house
at North Beach, which will be finished by
about August 1. all of the new cars will be
run through to Fifth and Market streets.
Recent trips" oh the road between Holy
Cross and San Mateo .. have shown that
the electric cars are faster than: the su
burban trains, the time from Holy Cross
to San Mateo being; about twenty> min
utes as against twenty-five': minutes on
the steam road. The improved ; , service
to San Mateo Is naturally, creating a de
mand forproperty there. - During- the last
week Baldwin & . Ho well, the agents ¦ for
San Mateo Park, sold' lot'No. 4, on Pop
lar avenue, for. $1300. This lot .was . sold
for $900 about, eight months ; ago. „ An
ether. sale made by them was of lot ¦ No.
S3. k on 'Warren road.toIP. L. r Snuman ' for
Easton. Eldridce & Co. report a very
active week in sales, among which the
following were consummated: j
For Louis Kuttner, uouth line - of Sutter
street, 87:6 feet west of Laguna street, lot 50x
125, Improvements three 8-room houses on Sut
ter and three cottages on . E wing place for
$17,000; for M. Buckley, 450-452 H>»yes street
north line,' 190 feet «ast of.Octavla, lot lUx
120, ¦ tore, flat and house on rear street for
$12,750; for Joseph Wannemaker, 1130-1137
1139 Turk street, south line, we«t of Laguna,
lot 25x137:0 feet, three flats, for $ll,G0O; for
P. Peterson, 2709 Sutter street, south line,
94:6 feet weat of Lyon. lot 24:9%x&7:6 feet,
with improvements, $2700; for Margaret Mc-
Dermott, lot on the west line of Buena Vista
avenue, 247 feet south of Waller, lot 30x150
feet, for $2350; for Clara Wise, 2108- Pine
street, north line, 81:3 feet west of Buchanan,
lot aad Improvements, ' for $4175; • for .Thomas
MeGrath, store and five flats on northeast cor
ner of Seventh and Cleveland streets, for (8250 s
for Mary E. Ryan, lot on the south line of
Merritt street, 25 > feet west of Ha t tie, 25x80
f «et ; for Joseph Wannemaker. house on . the
southeast corner of Franklin street. " and Lo
cust avenue, lot 40x70 feet, for $9250. "
The improvements which are under way
on Parnassus Heights consist at present
of three residences on the west side of
SJxth avenue, between Hugo and I streets,
which are beinc constructed -by 8. A.
Born at'a total cost Of about $20,000. Con
tracts have been let by William Mitchell
for two apartment houses ~on the north
west corner of Sixth avenue and Hugo
street, the plans for which were prepared
by Architect /William Koenlg. The cost
of: the improvements will be somewhere
between $10,000 and $12,000. Mr. Koenlg has
purchased a lot 50x93 feetron the north
east corner of Fifth avenue and Hugo
street, and intends to construct; a resi
dence for himself which *ill cost between
$8000 and $10,000.
Improvements costing between $30,000
and $40,000 and sales aggregating nearly
$20,000 are reported by Baldwin &-Hbwell,
the agents of the Parnassus Heights
property. All of the' sales were _ made
within the last week and consisted prin
cipally of lots acquired at the auction
sale .held bv the firm mentioned two
months ago. A number of the purchasers
at the auction sale have been Induced to
dispose of their lots by reason of attrac
tive offers ranging from 20 to 30 per cent
above the prices paid at the auction sale.
Lots which were sold at the auction for
$1100 have been resold -at from $1400 to
$1450 each. The following is a list of sales
recently made: , y
Lot 23x120, east side of Seventh \i venue, 1(5
feet south of H street, $1^50; lot 25x95, north
east corner of Hugo street and Seventh ave
nue, $2000; Iot 25x120, ea« side of Seventh
avenue, 120 feet south of H street. $1500- lot
50x120, east line of Sixth avenue, 120 feet
south ,of H utreet, $2900; lot 50x95, northwest
corner of Hugo street and Sixth/ avenue, $3300;
lot 23x120, weat line of Sixth avenue, 95 feet
south of H street, $1400; lot 25x95, northeast
corner of Fifth avenue and Huso street, $3475.
Thomas Magee & Sons have sold the
residence of Captain Nevi'.ls. on the north
side of Washington street, between La
guna and Buchanan streets. The price at
-which it has changed hands is $27,000.
Charles Rosenbaum is the purchaser. This
house was sold three times by the same
firm, first to General Dimond, then to
Captain Nevllls and now to Mr. Rosen
baum. At all times the price was close to
$27,000, thereiy emphasizing the fact, that
the increase in value of this land offsets
any deterioration in the building. This
shows the stability of Pacific Heights
property.
G. H. l.'mbsen &^ Co. report among oth
ers the following' recent sales:
J. F. KlnslaW"to F. E. Hesthal, Improve
ment* and lot northwest line of Mission street
between Army *nd Twenty-seventh streets
30xl59:2>4 for $7000; Annie Mother to Henri
etta J. Smiles, improvements 517-R19 Dore
•treet. northeast line, 90 feet southeast of Bry
ant street 23x85 for ?270O; James J. Mitchell
to Sol. Getz, lot 150x100, south corner of Per
sia and Athens streets, and lot 100x150 weft
corner of Persia nnd Moscow streets, for 11200;
Thomas Denlgan to Julius Hiutrnann. lot 50x
S5. Irregular, on the north line of Fifteenth
street. 35 east of Shotwell street, for $3800;
A. Retsloff to Mary E. F. Schaefer. improve
ments 500 Shotwell street and lot 20x100 Shot
well street. 95 south of Nineteenth street for
$25€0; Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society to
Edith A. Clarke, Improvements and lot south
line of Twenty-sixth street, 231:5 east of Cas
tro. 50x114. for $1200; A. G. Beede to Mary
Neyland. Improvements and lot on the west
line of Noe street, 78 north of Henry street,
39x96, for $7550: Rosa Stitch to D. Horn, im
provements at Nos. CS6-8-90 Fulton street,
north line 35 east of Buchanan street, 25x80, for
94350; Hedderlck to Strauss, Improvements and
lot east line of York street, 104 south of Twen
ty-third, 26x100. for $2500; F. E. Hidduska to
R. J. Espel.- Improvements at 1529 Golden Gate
avenue and lot 23x109:6, south line 25 east
of Scott street, for $4350; H. Hartman to Mrs.
Sanders,* Improvements 2609 Clay street, south
line. 118:9 west of Stelner street, lot 25x127 :8'i
for $4325; P. J. Land to Joseph Wannemake'r,
Improvements and lot 75x60 on the southwest
corner of O'Farrell and Betdeman streets for
$aoO0; J. E. Davenport to Mariano .Piazza lots
123-121 Precita Valley lands 50x160, for $1500-
David Irwln- to Frederlcka Bauer, Improve
ments and Iot north line of. Golden Gate ave
nue. 30 west of Seymour avenue, £0x75 for
$7500; Edith Cheeeeman to M. Slmlnoff' lot
southeast corner of Market and Church streets
94x108. Irregular, for $$300; Annie Cunningham
to Katherlne McDonald, Improvements and lot
27x75 north line of Geary street between Fill
more and Stelner streets, for $7500.
Edwards & Stelger have sold the north
east corner of New Montgomery and Min
na streets to Mrs. Klise A. Drex'.er, with
a new building that is not completed. The
price reported, to have been obtained is
I1G0.000. The lot is £9:6x80 feet. .
A. Aronson has purchased the northeast
corner of Third and Jessie streets, which
was sold to htm, through the firm of
Thomas Magce & Sons. The property has
a frontage of 69 feet on the east line of
Third street by a depth of 83 feet on the
north line of Jessie street. It Is covered
by old two-story frame buildings renting
for more than $700 a month. It is Mr.
Aronson's intention to tear down the old
buildings and put on this corner a large
and handsome structure. Oscar Lunlng
was the seller.
I The reports of the real estate brokers
show that the growth of interest In all
sorts of properties In San Francisco and
in the immediate neighborhood is sure and
steady. The lands north and south of
Golden Gate Park (Richmond. and Sunset
districts) are attracting greater attention
than at any*tlme In many years. Likewise
on the eastern shore of San Francisco
Bay and along the peninsula south of San
Francisco and over in Marin County the
inquiry for properties is brisk and good
¦ sales are being 1 made. New tracts are
coming into the market and are finding
buyers. Central locations in San Fran
cisco are more strongly held than ever
before. Deals of good size and Indicative
of solid values have taken place in the
last week.
Central Business Sections
. Are Held Strongly
by Owners.
Richmond and Sunsejl
Are Districts Much
in Public Eye.
CITY'S GROWTH
IS VERY SOLID
THE SAN IBA3S€ISCO CALL; SUN HAY; JVLY 19; 1903.
26
, ADVEBTISEMENTS.
CURES WEAlCMEN FREE..
Insures Love and a Happy Home for
All. *'A
How any man may quickly cure himself after
years of suffering from s*xual v.-eakness. lnjt
vitality, night ' losses, varlcocele. : etc ? and en-
large small weak organs to full. siio and vlcor
Simply send , your name and address to Dr
Knapp Medical Co.. 151ti Hull building Detroit
Mich., and they will gladly tend ' Tree' receipt
with full directions eo that any man may easii*
cure himself at home. This Is certainly a moHt
generous offer, and the following, extract
taken from • their daily; matl % show; what mVn
think of their generosity: . .
jnVDear Blrs— Please accept my sincere- thank*
for yours of recent date. > I have »iven your
treatment a thorough test and the benefit hii
been extraordinary. It has completely brac^i
me up. I am just as vigorous as when a bov
and you cannot realise how happy i, m ".™'
- "Dear Sirs — Your method worked beautifully
Results were exactly 'what J needed. Strength
and vigor " have completely ' returned • and en
largement Is entirely Satisfactory.".' :
Blrs— Youra was received and I had no
trouble In making use of the receipt as direct-
ed, and can truthfully say It Is a boon to weak
men., I am greatly Improved in size, strength
and- vigor. ";.-•-•""¦ ¦"/ '¦> .-. -¦•¦¦: - ';-,•,. r_ %
'. All -¦¦ correspondence is , strictly. confldenUat
mailed in plain, scaled ; envelope. \ The . rccilpt
Is ' fret for tha " asking and - they ' want every
.B«i,to_.h»v.lt.;-- - •;.--. v ¦ t-'^l
ADVEBTIBEMEKTS. *- >-
Remnant Sale Continues!
Thousands of remnants on the counters and thousands more in the
stock rooms with no soace to show them. The greatest remnant aci
cumulation ever presented to the public of San Francisco. Remnants of
Dress Goods, Silks. Laces. Embroideries, Trimmings. Ribbons. Gloves.
Suits. Skirts. Waists. Lace Curtains, Bed Sheets, Pillow Cases.. Quilts
and Blankets. /.?¦: • '.;'/'-.¦--' 'v,V 4 :
The entire three floors of our great establishment (riven over to the
selling of these (roods.
Dress Goods Suits and Waists
kaiw zxoob. TAILOR-MADE SUITS — A
REMNANTS OF WINDSOR sample line of $20.00 suits in chev-
CHEVIOT SUITINGS-^AU wool; iot, etamine and cloth; jackets
58 inches wide; new stylish effects fancy trimmed; full flare fancy
for outing suits, plain, mixed and skirt; solid navy blue or green or
snowflakc styles that were 75c and gray mixtures. While O/n Cn
85c a yard; remnants from four to they last, each... ;V>/X.c/C/
nine yards long. Any S9c CLOTH SUITS— Fancy crystal
remnant in the lot, per yd. cloth; jackets fancy trimmed; full
REMNANTS OF BLACK «> rc * k £ to gj|?^
CLAY SERGE-An extra heavy £ mn^7s ale D "™* • $162o
weipfbi, 52 inches wide; all pure WALKING SKIRTS — Fancy
wool and a fast midnight black; mixed tweed; f e n e d seams; tailor
sells off the bolt at 85c a yard; all stitched . a $6oQ skift During
pieccs ,JfM m , thrC^ tO nmC Remnant Sale will go *A OX
long. While they last, any for s 04-.ZO
remnant, per yard . .' WHITE WAISTS— White lawn
REMNANTS OF MERCER- embroidery and tucked front and
IZED OXFORD CHEVIOTS— bac , k ; V°"f h sleeve; spc- gg c
The Anc and we aualitv 28 and cial for Monday, each ww.
%2 inches wide; etamine, dice and c SILK WAISTS— Our great
birdseye patterns; mostly waist $S-°o waists reduced; of peau de
lengths, two and a half to four *oie silk; stole effect; tucked front
yards long; also a few skirt and an <J »»<*: pouch si ee.ve; in colors
iuit lengths. Your pick of any ' and >n black. Special $2.95
remnant in the lot. per n?. durmg Reranant Sale "
yard Miscellaneous
REMNANTS OF SILK GLOSS Read thesc , tems over carefully.
MOHAIRS — very desirable for All are sold en the M&IK r&OOB.
traveling dresses; of an all wool DRESS LININGS— Plain and
and mohair with a silky finish; full fancy spun glass Linings; the 20c
46 inches wide; in navy new blue quality, any remnant, per O_
and a fast rich black; also pretty yard ° **
for petticoats or bathing suits; DRESS SHIELDS — Washable,
sells off the reel at 75c; pieces 15c kind. During Remnant Q^
from two to ten yards long. 9Q. Sale, per pair.... * 7t '
Any remnant, per yard... oac VELOUR PILLOW BAGS—
Tassel trimmed; assorted colors
CJlir n*«wi*4 M *«4 and designs. "During Remnant
jilk Department s*ie, the 7 sc quality, gg c
MAIK n.OOK. WHITE^' APRON'S — Prettily
SPECIAL NO. 1— TAFFETA tucked; also with embroider}-, ex-
SILK — In beautiful Persian tra sizes; the 40c kind. ORo
stripes; all this season's patterns During Remnant Sale, each ¦**'<'
in a good variety of colors; for LACE TURNOVER COL-
waists. suits or children's dresses; LARS — The I2j4c kind. /T~
20 inches wide; was 60c. OK r During Remnant Sale, each
A ;~ K p n " ?WMB ' Household Coods
SPECIAL NO. a— MOIRE VE- thibb pioob.
LOUR— This is the good, heavy ARABIAN CURTAINS — The
kind; nothing cheap or common new c ff ects i n p i a j n centers and
about this cloth; J makes a very h braided borders; zVz yards
serviceable material for linings, , . 54 inches wid^ ; have been
waists, suits or coats; comes in sel i ing regu larly at $500 a pair; 60
castor, brown and reseda only. irs to bc sold durin g
Notice the width— 24 inches— and Rcmn ant Sale at, pair VO.OO
usually sold at $1.00 a yard. /O. EXTENSION RODS— Highly
Any remnant, per yard... polished brass; cxtcnd f r o m 30 to
SPECIAL NO. 3 — BLACK 54 inches; for lace curtains; .very
SATIN DUCHESS— Every thread durable. During Remnant -JQ C
silk with small figures and one of Sa I c i,^U. qtVftttq—a
the greatest leaders in our silk de- R EA ? Y " M . ADE , SHEETS— A
partment. Must be seen to., be splendid quality of bleached mus-
thoroughly appreciated. The dol- lm; 81x90; sold regularly at 65c;
lar quality. Any remnant, AQ n w h» lc the >' last the y wl11 AQ n
ner vard *toC go at, each Ti7(,
P 3 PILLOW CASES— 45x36 inch-
irOT 5rr Ho ¦ M "P 1 *« 1 •*** to M * a Z es; made of Ai bleached muslin;
on*. Order goo&m direct sad at _ * j__-_ ~c +u~ vi/*. 1-:^^. *%
once. If not tlturactory w will r- 5° dozen of the I2^c kind; Q
fsad mosey. during- Remnant Sale vu
A D VEBTIEEMENTS.
...I CCJRE...
Who Have Contracted
Disorders
. permanently'
The Leading Specialist
DR. O. C. JOSLENJ
1 - The r provreas " In the study of, con- •
' tracted disorders In the past few years
¦ has ¦ resulted • In my advanced- methods
of securing- permanent results.' In my
practice I use special methods of Irri--
¦ gatlon. and a method of my own devis-
ing for Installations that cure gonor-
rhoea PERMANENTLY In from 3 to 10
¦ days.-. ¦ I ¦ make ' f requ«nt - Inspect ions I of I
the canal by means of a small tlectric
it. light.'. which: ehables me. to see and to
. treat s each -. inflamed : part, separately,
and I am' also enabled to show, the pa-
.tlent himself the condlMons that actu-
ally - exist. Followinr • my treatment
-there are no evil after results. "• There
Is no stricture to fear, not the slightest :
chance of a chronic condition (some- •.
times called gleet), but there Is COM-
PLETE healing of the. Inflamed and
. poisoned I tissue. - Never . use harsh ; In*
. jections or drasticUnternal remedies to*
{ stop ' the discharge," for If you 'do it 'Is
certain that In the future you will find
your state worse than ever.' I puaran-
; tee you » a - PERFECT . CURB, and ; as
YolrCAN PAY WHEN CURED:
Dr. 6. C. Joslen
Cop. Market and KearnySts.
£i Private Entrance 1702 i Market Street.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CASH OR CREDIT
You have an advantage when trading
here— goods are sold at the same prices
by either plaa. We want you to know
that you will save money by buying here.
These two specials are great values.
3Hisi^^_Y^ B*2«l this week
//££ $li65
country homea. <sjj • jl *fca4f, v jH-
Estimates' a j - |l
cheerfully giv- f JT$X) "**
ea. Free «te- ~ ,*^j^rt\-
KTery within 5^ fUU
loom lei. flZ'jf
T. Brilliant
Furniture Co-
338-342 F»bst St.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE MAN WITH THE BIO HEAD-Go 'wayl Git outl Tm Blckl I want to dial
THE MAN WITH THE LEVEL HEAP- Ah, 70a old tinner! No rest for the wickedl
You win go on a bat while your wUe'a In the country, will you? You ought to suf-
lert But way didn't you do as I told* you when I left you last night, and as I did
creelf: take a CASCAEET Candy Cathartic before going to bed? You'd feel good
IUe* I do. They -work while you sleep, fix up your stomach and bowels, cool
.your feverish liver, and make you feel fin* and dandy the morning after. K3 ¦
V ," -s- '-',*-'- ' , . ' ¦ .- ¦;:-; ¦;; ADVERTISEMENTS. . : _^_ ;
- Alcoholism is the chronic poisoning resulting from constant use of alcohol, even if this does not produce drunkenness.
DR. McKANNA'S TREATMENT IS NOT AN EXPERIMENT.
Thirteen years of success in the Middle West, and MORE THAN 11,000 PERMANENT CIJRES have proved his ability to
conquer the drink habit. • \^ ,; ¦ £ 1
HISTORY OF ONE OF DR. McKANNA'S REMARKABLE CURES.
A case of Alcoholism which I cured in Kansas City, Mo., is unquestionably the most successful cure of this disease ever effected by any treatment. The
- patient is a prominent young business man of that city. I do not srive hjs name in my public announcements, as I never publish the names of mv oatient3
without their permission. I will, however,, give the name and address of this man to any person who wishes to correspond with him, not for reasons of curi-
osity, but from serious interest. ,~ v *" • «. r •
. . -The patient is a member" of a prominent family and had not been entirely sober for twelve^ears. Three times he had been a patient of a oromiaent
treatment for the liquor habit and had not even, refrained from drinking while undergoing the treatment. He had reached the point where hewas unable to
attend to business and where his family had entirely given up hope. As a last resort he was sent to the Missouri Insane Asylum. At the end of six months
he was released on parole. His family informed him that the next time he became under the influence of liauor he would be returned to the Insane Asvlum
to stay the remainder of his life.. He reached Kansas City Sundav. Ausrust 3. 1002. The followine Wednesday he went on a drunken spree. So ?**** a
hold had the disease of. Alcoholism upon him that even* the knowledee that intoxication meant his return to the Insane Asylum to, spend the remainder of
his days there could not restrain him. Plans were made to take him back to the Insane Asylum the followine Sunday on the midday train. - ,
Early Sunday mornine he left home, and, like a man.clutchine the final straw, came to my Kansas City headquarters and stated ms case to me. 1
telephoned the head of his family, asking him to come to my office. He consented, and we talked over the conditions. He decided, as a last resort, to teavc
the patient in my charge for one week. The young man commenced the treatment that day and has not touched a drop of alcoholic stimulants since that
time He returned to active business, his health is perfect, he sleeps well, eats well, and is a man once more. However, it is not such isolated cases as this
which prove the merit of mv treatment for the cure of Alcoholism. The thousands of patients whom I have cured will each one bear testimony to the fact that
I cch. drin, l,, bi , .. . . JT cuR^ s TO stay CURBD>
Call or write. Address all mail
1 DR. J. J. TVlcK: ANN A,
Tel. Main 1037. 14 Geary Street, San Francisco.
Chicago; 111.. 182 Dearborn st. Kansas City, Mo., Eleventh and McGee sts. Oklahoma City, O. T.. West Ninth st. ., ' ' ; -hrst Regiment Under Command of Colonel
Power Departs for Santa Clara, Five
Hundred Strong, for Outing of Seyen Days
LEAGUE OF CROSS CADETS LEAVE
FOR THEIR ANNUAL ENCAMPMENT
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, July ' lS.-Delegates are
arriving daily to the State Association t of
Christian Churches at Garfleld Park, and
the Twin Lakes Baptist Assembly. The
Baptist Assembly will open to-morrow
with sessions, - at which time J. Haydn
Cooke, the celebrated Baptist evangelist,
will preach. ' /f"^ !
The Christian* church convention will
open on Monday evening, when the Rev.
Allen WHsonof Indianapolis will preach.
Thia meeting includes State gatherings of
the ; different branches of the Christian
church. At' the Christian women's mis
sionary convention ' Mrs.' M. J. ; Hartley of
Berkeley, the ! State . president, will pre
side.. Among the speakers will be W. M.
Frost of , Calcutta, ¦ India; C. * W. Jopson
of Los Gatos will preside -at the Sunday
school Association on the 24th. W. M.
White, of San. Francisco, former president
of the California State Sunday-school As
sociation, is to be one of the principal
speakers. "* .
On Ju ly . 25 and 26 will be the State
Christian Endeavor, convention, when. Al
len/Rice will preside. On > the : 27th" Dean
Hiram Van Kirk of ;' the* Berkeley ' Bible
Seminary will commence a^serles of lec
tures at 9 o'clock' each morning on* "Prin
ciples of the Current, Reformation.** '1
/The "Ministerial "Association "will be tn
" A fir o was recently started by .little
Eugene Selme, a grandson of H. G.Hun
niwell.; in tho Munnlwell cottage, . during
the absence ;of V- relatives. '. The building
was : enveloped in i flames and the > child
could i not- be" found. '-Miss : Bones, at the
peril', of , her,' life. ruBhed. Into C the During
building! and .brought - the ;' child out ; to" a
place of i safety. \? Her ; clothing was Ignited
while she was in -the building, her hands
were j badly I burned;': her] face was ! blister-.'
ed and her hair was scorched., ,' ,-?
-,The child had* been' left asleep' in the
cottage, \ while the -grandparents went
visiting. -During their: absence the tot
awakened: He managed to ¦ get - hold of
a bunch » of ; matches ?and ' started the ! fire,
which: resulted ; in '. the destruction of the
residence j of H.^ G. ' Hunriiwell and . that v of
his son; which ad joined. The former resi
dence was "burned to the' ground, and but
for^- the,, action- of ; Miss ; Bones J the '-child
would have perished in the flames. ' ¦)
SANTA- ROSA, July 18.-Camp Meeker's
summer residents have , substantially
shown their appreciation, of the '.'heroic
acti6ns of Miss Lissle Bones of Occiden
tal. ' The iyoung^ lady recently rescued % a
child from a burning building at the risk
of her. own life, and as "a reward the
campers presented her with a silver tea
set. /
Special Dispatch to The Call
Prominent Clergymen
Meet for Santa Cruz
Conventions.,
Silver Set Presen-ted to
Miss Bones of Oc
cidental.
TUOLUMNB. July 18 The big mill of the
¦Weetefde Lumber Company here made th«'Pa
cific Coast record for two eaw» yesterday by
fawiiiB 212,000 feet In ten hours. In white plna
and sugar pine. . ; -r •;,;>:
CAMPERS REWARD
WOMAN'S HEROISM
CHURCHES SEND
MANY DELEGATES
STOCKTON. July 18.— Arthur C. Blake;
convicted of grand larceny for having
stolen a horse from the ranch of Thomas
Thompson in this county last May, was
this afternoon sentenced by Judge Nut
ter to eight years In San Quentin.
Horsethief Goes to Prison.
stop the fire by backfiring." He says that
the fire is working toward "Waddell Creek
on the north side and also northerly to
ward West Waddell.
session from the 27th to the 30th. L. O.
Ferguson is to preside. The State con
vention will be In session from July 20 to
August 2. W. E. Garrison of St. Louis.
Mo^. is to be present, with A. McLean of
Cincinnati. ¦,.'.•.'.
Ptomaines Cause Child's Death.
SANTA CRUZ. July IS.— Little Irene.
Tanner, daughter of J. G. Tanner, a drug
gist, died suddenly this morning. Tho
child with others went to Twin Lakes
yesterday afternoon, and during the night
she was taken ill. A physician was called
and the symptoms were those of piomalne
poisoning. All efforts were unavailing
and the little one died at 6 o'clock. -
Plaznes Near the Big Basin.
SANTA CRUZ, July-lS.— A forest fire
has again broken out west of Big Basin
Park and is seriously threatening it from
that side. It is burning over the brush
and timber land. The flr^ was carried
across Waddell Creek by a falling tree at
a» point below the park, where Waddell
Cffeek passes through the canyon above
the Wadden mill site. Park Guardian PI1
llngton has men at work and expects to
ATLANTA. Ga.. July 13.— Justice Samuel
Lumpkln of the Supreme Court of Georgia died
In Washington, Ga., last night.
FRESNO. July 18.— Fresno raisins are
not tile only local products that are ship
ped around the world. A local agricul
tural works has shipped a consignment
of garigplows to Ashton Station, South
Africa, via Now York. The plows des
tined to.tcar up the veldt of South Africa
are of llie ordinary type. , »
Fresno Plows for South Africa^
That is what we are doing on the prices
we are quoting. All wool cheviots and
worsted suits for $5.95 is the power and
Irresistible force that Is keeping this
store In the front. A good deal we
haven't mentioned can be said of our fine
clothing, things that we. know you would
discover if you see" our $15.00 suits for
ti.%, $18.50 suits for $8.93, $18.00 BUits for
ao.&>, $22.50 suits for $12.35, etc. Ounstock
is rapidly going down; come and select
of our choice clothing, as we have. stated
in our last announcement, every garment
must bo sold before the 15th of August.
Sec our windows at 773 Market street
near Fourth. B. Rlley & Co. •
Creating a Sensation.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. July 18.—
M. H. Thorpe, '05, a well-known student,
was severely injured last night by the
discharge of a blank cartridge in his
face during the performance' of a comedy
in Palo Alto. The' pistol was shot right
in his face, burning it severely and forc
ing over 200 grains of powder into the
flesh. Some of them struck his eyes and
there is grave danger that his sight may
be partially destroyed. He was taken
to a San Francisco hospital to-day.
Thorpewas acting the part of a villain
and contrary to arrangements leaned
into the pistol flash in his fall instead
of the other way. His face bled pro
fusely. A doctor was called and the play
ended in confusion. Thorpe is a sopho
more, an assistant in the universj*$
library, leader of the band, a debater and
a member of the Kappa Sigma fraternity.
The comedy was given for the benefit
of the typhoid relief fund and netted
J100.. It was entitled "Old Hick'ry
Farm."
Special DUpatch to The Call
Serious Accident Occurs
During Comedy at
Falo Alto.
PISTOL FLASH
INJURES STUDENT
FIRST REGIMENT. LEAGUE OF
THE CROSS CADETS, EN
ROUTE TO THE DEPOT.
I
. After supper the boys played ball and
pranks on their fellow cadets. The host
of feellr.gr existed and the merry-making
was continued until long after taps hao
sounded.
A special military maes will be cele
brated in cam"? to-morrow morning.
Father Philip O'Ryan. spiritual director
of the regiment, will be celebrant.
The regiment marched through the
principal streets and then into camp.
More than 100 tents had been raised by
the advance guard. The camp presents
a military appearance. The sanitary ar
rar-gements are excellent.
The initial ceremony of the encamp
ment was the lowering of the Stars and
Stripes at sundown. The regiment was
lined up facing the tall flagpole. Retreat
was sounded by the buglers and the sun
(«?t gun was fired. As the flag was low
ered the band played patriotic airs.
Colonel Power ordered the officers to
march through camp' to their tents.
Sabers were laid aside and the cadets
prepared their tented homes. Supper
call was a welcome sound to the younger
cadets and Ahey did justico to the ex
cellent meal prepared for the*K
CALL HEADQUARTERS. CAMP
KENNEDY. SANTA CLARA. July 18.—
As the college bells rang 6 o'clock to
night, the special trains carrying th$
First Regiment. League of the Cross
Cadets, pulled into the depot and in an
instant the young soldiers disembarked.
There was a large crowd at the depot
and the cadets were tendered a warm
welcome.
Cadets Prepare for Long Pro
gramme of Drills.
ARRIVAL AT CAMP.
An advance guard went down to Santa
Clara last Thursday under command of
Captain Eccles of Company H and LJeu
tenant Thompson of Company A. There
were thirty-eight men in the party, and
they will have the tents up and the camp
ready for the reception of the boys. The
hospital advance guard was under the
command of Lieutenant O'Day.
This morning- the cadets will attend
mass, and during their encampment their
spiritual welfare will be looked after by
the Rev. Father O'Ryan, who is chaplain
of th* regiment.
The annual is looked for
v.ard to for months ahead by the cadets.
Each of them defrays his own expenses '
and spends his vacation In this way.
The regiment will return to this city
next Sunday.
The regiment is under command of
Colonel James E. Power, who is immense
ly popular with the cadets. He was for
many years captain of Company H when
it was the crack company in athletics,
and later major of a battalion, and conse
quently is known to every cadet in the
regiment.
Market street yesterday after
noon to take the train at the Third and
Townsend streets depot for Santa Clara
for their annual encampment.
The cadet regiment was 500 strong and
made a spTendid appearance. The boys
wore their campaign' uniform and each
has his blankets slung over his left
shoulder.
WITH flags flying and marching
to Inspiring martial music the
First Regiment. League of the
Cross Cadets, passed down
THE SAN FBAls CISCO 'CA1L; SUNDAY, JULY 19, 1903.
27
.•"¦'•; PRAGERg i ]-:'¦.. .PBAQEBS t PBAQER3. . .{ PRAGERS
Women's Undergarments Driven! 9 AIAVAYS RELIABLE ¦ ij aT - i | oc |. Tlrivrp Ypf in
to the Lowest Price Limit f MARKET STi-*^ "^ fleSt J «JflVe Tet in
J^^X^^^^^^^^ i '-•• Silks and Dress^Goods.
Pries Drives In Women's Stylish! JTiWK^JrtST iS.'SS
lory Drive Sale. Tb!s b a month of clearing sales Summer AuUflTe! Iowest °1 a ? y slore J n thi% at r- # T J K erc
and we are no exception to the rule exce?: Sat OUinmer apparel. are Mme goods at we have more of than
we be! eve we are offering the very best l£hi«. This will be a grand opportonhy to secure the Sffiffta SSS^fiSff
mCn1S i \r • vr -t , J- choicest sununcr ganneSte at the lowest prices matle th«m mto sup«rb bargains.
Udi« Musifn Underwear- Drawers. we have yet been able to mark them. We are Taffeta.
.oc—Aiadc of good muslin, wide ruffles of j clearing . this department for fall goods, and 53c— 19-irich guaranteed taffeta; worth 75c
.cambric. ¦¦ .former price .15c. . 1 though they will not be in for some time we a yard.
3oc— Made of cambric, wide flounce of want ell the room these choree bargains will $1.12 — 27-inch guaranteed taffeta, worth.
. cambric with three hemstitched. tucks and make for us. ; . $1.50 a yard.
one inch hemstitched hem. Former price I <t»/^i nn _ ' * . • j~W 08c— 24-inch , guaranteed taffeta; worth Sl.25
c '. , $22,00 Tallerc* Sinte, SJ4.95 a yard.
oOc—Made of cambric, umbrella flounces of c u . -i ' , I • &V ,, * f 98c, 81.10, $1.23 and ?1.38— 3^mch taf-
lawn. trimmed with, tucks and lace or era- . bwe11 tailored suits in broadcloth, chev- | f cta
broidery edge. Former price 65c. . ' »ot. etamine and Scotch mixtures. Blouse 75c_lColored taffeta silks in. all the latest
Skirts. Jackets, taffeta lined,' stole front, seven gore fall shades It is well worth 85c h. yard. ;
S.-ic-Madc of muslin, with wide umbrella /"arc skirt; worth $20.00 to $25.00. 43c_"InvincibI e TlffetZ" T subsStuTe for
flounce of lawn finished witlr cluster of 00 Women's Coats (A Q 1 , | taffeta. Superior to all other lining silks. .
tucks and wide embroidery edge. . Form- J>*U*UU "omen s u>ats, PeaudeSoic-
|Sp||gS muslin with wide Lncc W^iM W&*S SfS W^M "^ *"* -
ow i^ c l^^T:^ lincd> ncatly tailored - °h^ BIack Pcaa dc Soic - Re^
embroidery ed g e, o Former price $ , 5 o. Walking^ SKirs. $2 89
Jfil.OO-Madc of muslin, also of cambric, ; * *• lar $1.50 valu «• •;
daintly trimmed with lace and embroidery; Walking skirts of Scotch mixtures, Mel- , var A_ M rSSl»nar^^ Silk- all col-
full Ien«th. Exceptional values. tons and fancy striped suitings. 9 gore, with -5c a yard-20-mch ' J a P an «« Sl1^ • J" ¦«*.
91.5O-French slip.no buttons; made of folds and button trimming; finished seams. ors and black a nd white These! »lk»™h-
cambric with fancy yoke of embroidery Worth $4.00. fine and are used deal for Waists, i
$*.G0 covert Co* SkU 59 C 50c, y^X^TSkTc^ti. Chine,
mer price ?¦•?>, ,< | Blue Covert cloth skirts five gore, flare 4 0c! VoT "c, 'gsfiad 08.5-BIack Silk'
2 r.e-Made of SrS-V shaped neck, Ti^ IZ^^L^S,^ '^ Grenade, AH are worth do.bte th.
trimmed with hemstitched tucks and hem- j, -» value. •
stitched ruffle. Former price 35c. - R()r Lawn Khnonas, Q&r Elack Dress Goods. .
50c_Made of cambric, front trimmed with OUt r *»^V 25c a yard— Black Twilled Mohair; 38
wide bias band of .lace insertion; neck and Striped and figured lawn Kimonos, large inches wide; worth. 40c.
armholcs finished with lace edge. Former, sleeve, wide fold of polka dot lawn all around. 50c — Black Sicilian; extra heavy; regular
price 75c. " Sold regularly at 80c 75c quality. I ' '
Wash Goods ahd House Furnishings at Drive Sale Prices.
The demands for the goods of this dcpsrlment* have b j en so heavy during th's great Inventory Drive Sole that, several lines have been exhausted eaA
we have been compelled to replenish them. To insure us against danger of holding over any stock we are marking prices that* will be exceedingly tempting.
Zephyr, Ginghams./; - Pillow Cases. use. . . $2.50 grade * $1.95
[7c a yard— 150 pieces only— 7c each— A "good strong case, Regular $1.25 dozen grade': .:... $300 grade $3.75
blue, pink, red, gray; stripes, made from a nice quality of mus 8 1-3C each $4.50 grade $3.25
checks, etc. All fast colors. Regu- lin. 200 dozen only. Size 45x36, Regular $1.50 dozen grade Snowflake Curtains.
lar ioc value. which always sell for ioc. I0C c2Cn 91.35 a pair — Not room enough
Dress Linen. 15c each — Hemstitched cases, Regular $2.00 dozen grade. ..... to tell you about them. They
Ooj yard— The oualitv used so size 45x36. I W'"';"\: ". ' J I2C each come in silk stri P cs » aI1 shades—
much for dresses^ skirts etc 1G^. each . - Hemstitched Regular $2.25 dozen grade blue old rose, red, pink etc.
Regular 15c value cases, size 50x36. . '•¦•:¦• ' •• -*5c each Better grades at $1.93, $2.25, $2.95.
gu ° ™ , c ' 17^c each-Hemstitched cases, Regular $3.00 dozen grade Tapestry.
•«o , £ l^ ;• size 54x36. •• — ¦ ..igceach j5 3c a yard _ 30 -inch width-
.50c a yard— tr-ench Organdies; u 5l% t - • - uc * each— 50c extra large size Heavy quality green red brown
70" inches wide: pink blue black Heavy Meets.- heavy, double threaded towels. blue, terra cotta. etc. M'ade .for
red, yeHow Nile lavender and "Oc each-Large size for double , . © emnants couch cover, table cover portiere,
white. Regular value 75c a yard. beds, iron finish, made to wear , I^UMSIl I\.enmctni5. cushions etc
White Goods, Specials. T ' and wa $Ji well; £ 35c and up — About 500 yards of > -Swiss.
•/^2oc a yard— India Linon..... ToweKng. T i abl t ¥ nC a 5 h b ! CaC J!t d • ? d """ 1Oc a X ar d— 3<>-»nch width—
14c a yard 4 c a yard - Heav7' Russian W««hed. .AU lengths, from x Nice line of dots, stripes, etc.
20c a yard-Fancy wlme goods • h , f f drcssing; nicc for inlets ofSapkin^ to^tc": 1 ? ™ll V ™? itt S\. f
-•^•a-ya^-PeVsian^mb 1 7^ fe|^ «$ tO^ All accumulated since our sale. eJ^n^e^atrS^SS
;... 19c a yard Tov.-eb. Marseilles Quflts. brackets.
r r* — « th^«» CM.R.K. r™ — I Hemmed Huck Towels, nice soft 20 designs of the heavy raised. ' : — — ',
I Green Trading Sthmps C>ven. | finish quaIhy . gshed ready for $2.25 grade .,.........$1.75 J Green Trading Stanra CycTH
a* lof^th^ywVst leather 1 Extraordmarv Drive in Ribbons, lynparaKeied DriYing >
a fine lot of the newest leather j ... / Laces and Embroideries.
*1 25-In'nts latent Leather 1 NeCfaVeaP, and VeilmgS. j The reputation of this depart-
button shoes, with white, blue. or Tor this week a schedule of low prices on fine gopds has been ment^ is weU enough established
matt kid tops; hand turned soles. made that will not be • equaled for a long time. Only those goods among shoppers to insure crowded
Sizes itoi " needed the most at this season of the year have been chosen for counters and aisles all this week.
81.85 — Same as above in consideration." ' " The raere announcement of thes«
¦orini heels- iSts ' "to 8- w"dth" ' '' H, n Ikerchiefs. : values is a sufficient attraction.
B to D 12/ 2 c_ 600 dozen Linen Lawn and fine Cambric Handkerchiefs, »«« a yard— 500 yards of fine
jgi # <)'t) Child's Box Calf or Vici with embroidered scallop; hemstitched and embroidered, lace and Sheer Lawn, 42 inches wide. Skirt
Kid- lace or button shoes- exten- embroidered edges. All new designs. Value 20c. and Dress Flouncings, with fine
siin sole? and patent tips^ all 1S f each-500 dozen of the same patterns, but a little finer quali- | embroidery, tucked and lace ef-
solid- si^es =; to 8 f ty. Value 35c f i fects. Regular values, $1.50 to
S2.5O— Ladies' Ideal Kid &k- 3 or — 2 5<> dozen fine linen and sheer lawn handkerchiefs, $2.00 a yard.
fo'rcf'Blucher effect- plain toe- kid with scalloped, embroidered, lace and hemstitched edging. Great 9c a yard— 2,500 yards of Black
quarters; French heels and hand- value. a^t 50c. Veib. • .vt Silk Chantilly edgings and gal-
turned soles. Sizes iVz to 8; 'SQa each — The Drape Veil in chiffon, silk mesh, plain, polka dot. | loons 2J4 to 454 inches wide. Reg-
widths A to D. A fine dress tie. .^ fancy embroidered; also embroidered edges; one and a quarter and ular value. 20c to 25c a yard.
''"¦ ' one and a half yards long. Value 75c. " 1 5c a yard— 5,000 yards of Cam-
. ' . 4Sc — The Made Veil, made and embroidered thk same, only a brie Embroidery edgings, inser-
NotlOnS. better quality; Jn the new tobacco, and new blue shades; plain and tions and fancy galloons, headings.
10c— Shoestrine belts ".' lancy. Value $1.00. . ' ..«¦ • , , ,, . . I Regular values, ioc to 15c a yard*.
•>"« neits. 75c each— The Ins Drape Veil, chiffon with tucked lace border 1 a n ff «t» nn .iw/r k -j
v^ " C J rCS 5 ° C a «^ <*»cy P^ eated: accordion pleated lace trimmed ends; one and a J£ O l^\^ f^cv u^ t urt'
aiSS" new' line of wash belts. half and 'two yards long. Value ? i. 5 o. The swe.lest thing in Hat g^gj
a w~!; anCy Si ' k SidC zrUTS> -L ? 0c!'25o and 35c each - A new assortment of Nose Veils just "«' «**' Ii 5 2 5 vaIues ' • 1 -°0-
Worth 50c. arrived, m all the swell New York and Paris styles and designs. ?2-«> \alues, $1.33.
§M§£i sct 5 s° rtI VV n ortlf f'om Three-quarters of a yard long- ; i % Off OH Short, Lengths
35c to 60c values. | • [ > Gren\ Trading Stomps G yen. j (Main A'sle Table.)
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
Msi J dfi± fflWRb W!% 4T% s ove c^il^en, and no
ordeal through wnich. the ex-
¦^I^J^fl^Kfh^rS ptttsnt mother must pass usually is
I^^Si llliw far so °^ sn^ er^ n cT> danger and fear
1 that she looks forward to the critical
' hour with apprehension and dread.
Mother's Friend, \by its penetrating and soothing properties,
allays nausea, nervousness", and all unpleasant feelings^ and
so prepares the system for the , \ *r
have testified and said, "it is
worth its weight in gold." $1.00 per S<B^M^i^S^4S
bottle of druggists. Book containing l| H §8^383^
valuable information mailed free. M B S^^MfiHji
THE BRADFIELD REGlJUtORCO. Attoatfl. 6^
•;-L c: . advertisements.
On call at club or cafe—or delivered in bottles to the home. These beer*
arc Incomparable is quality and posaesa a bop and malt flavor that evi-
dences absolute purity and ."b«er character." . '_-' . -
Always the .Same Good Old Blatz
ni «T7 HjiAl T */ll/l\!F v dl . Non-Intoxicant— For Tonic Purposes.
DlAlL (VlALI-VIVIllL J» Druggists. A
BRAUNSCHWEIQER & CO., Int.
S ood T Drumm St.. Sao FrcocUco. Telephone Main 16*5. V/ljolesale Dealers
Summer Music School
1849 J/VCKSOIM STREET.
Mr. Frefleric H. Hey,
¦Cmlcent Author a:iU Mutiojan.-
'"aff-t* ortauized V o'd-.-ck.
Monday, July 20th.
Two weeks' cour.->*. $10.
LSApzxo Bfsixiaa cameos or the
W K>T. Vt Vcfi gt., Stn FYandsco. Cal.
Krt»ibJi*h«5 40 ve«rs. Oi>en entire yejir.
v. r:t» for iliuflrattd catalogue (free). .
VON MEYERINCK %£~
Fuf.on ft.. San Frinc!s"o. CaP
Cr.iW th* Dirwtlnn r.f
ML ASHA VOH BEYERIRCK,
"P-» '.arr^rt asd brut c<ju:rrctl 'rtiocl oa
:h«? I'arjf-c Qr^afit. efferisx «•! the a-lvant-
««-« cf EautVrn «n«1 European Cor.»erva-.
iirtts far a thcro-jsh -_nusi -*j education
unfler ff-Jlilarce of a oart-.'ully selected utaft
cf prcmlner.t teachers. Prcspec:u» sent on
«rt'Hcatton. ".•- -»
Aetna! business bookkeeping : only expert ac-
cour.tar.t» and reporter* &a teacher*; Grees
rharthar.d eesiest. fastryt atd most readable.
I»ar ar.d evening. Ser.d for catalogue to Col-
>ge. Market gt.
jl FOLYTECHNIC
f^L Business College and
JHgL School of Er.r'.oe-r-
IfjjSCTi-'wak te§- Oakland. Cal.
w~j£3kTWV«** £§fei Lsrppst and be«t
Jjjfft&rf* wpt'^i equipped school of
¦SririKtiS to S52P5 1 - shorthand
'**£**Sl5^£KiS3> • r ' d engineering west
Sr«fl 5 Xi S FT***>-i • °- Chicago. Perfect
« w tf*C»C$*!3eSWW. c:im«te. eipfn.e >
*Im 4l I° w - Write for fre«
1C0- page catalogue.
MILLS COLLEGE AND SEMINARY
(FOR YOUNG LADIES).
Confers Degrees and Grants Diplomas.
Seminary course accredited to the udversl-
tl«r» and leading Eastern colleges; rare oppor-
turuie* offered In rsuric. art and elocution.
Th!rty-«ighth year. Kail term opens Auj^st
12. 1303. Write for catalogue to MRS C T.
MILLS. Prts.. Mills Collego p. p.. Cat." *
KISS EAEEEE AXTD MISS HUOHIS 1
SCHOOL 7OB Q1BX.S
AT PALO ALTO. CALIFORNIA. Formerly the
TEOETJHH SCHOOXi.
Prepares for the UnlversiUrs and Colleges,
wert er.ci East, fniverelty lectures open to
gtMg«nt?. Pemester besins August 2T>.
ANDERSON ACADEMY,
IBV1NGTON CAL.
A sigh-grade Military School for a IlnUttd
rumtw-r of boys of good character. Next term
bi-itln: AEg-jyt 12-
TflLLlAM WALKER AXDERSON. PrtnclpaJ.
HflMLIN SCHOOL
A2TS VAX KXSS S2KIKAB7,
:m» Jackscs tt.. S. F. Boarding and day
Fvhool for jfirls. Accredited by the -leading
ooIJeges ar.d universities. Special attenticn
riven to aurtc. Reopens August la, 1903.
PARA II P. HAMU.V. Principal.
THIS LYCEUA\
An accrecited preparatcrj school fcr the uni-
versity. lc» end medical colleges, ts w»Il
BJW -or !i» careful and thorough work. Come
ar.d be »-iih us; we prepare you well; refer-
ence*. President Jordan or any Stanford pro-
L H. GRAU. Ph. P., Principal.
THE JENNEMORROWLONG COL-
LEGE OF VOICE AND ACTION.
fci*te aad platform positions guaranteed'
languages ; diplomas. Catalogue. 2152 Sutter
«t. Phcr.e West 1163. Kecpens Beotember 2.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION,
PARTINGTOJTS. 42. PINE ST.
Oldest School In America.
New T*rm Berinv MONDAY, Aug. S.
m DAY AND EVENING CLASS.
HOITT'S SCHOOL
FOR BOYS. Menlo Park. California. Prepares
for er.y uciversity or ror business. Send for
Illustrated catalogue. IRA G. HOITT. Ph D
Principal. Kail term opens August 1L
BELMONT SCHOOL,
FOR BOYS. BELMONT. CAL.,
Opens for new pupils August 10; for former pu-
j :> August 12. Catalogue aad book cf view,
cr application.
W. T. REID. A. M. (Harvard). Head Master
' Miss West's School for Girls,
. 2014 VAN NESS AVENUE.
Opens August IS. Hotae and day schco!. Ac-
' credited by leading ccllege*. r*or catalogue ad
Cnt* MARY D. WEST. Principal.
BOONE'S UNIVERSITY^CHOOL
FERKELLY. CAw.
Reopens Monday, Angnst 3.
SAINT MARGARET'S SCHOOL
SAN 1IATEO.
Accrecited to Stanford reopens Aukust 2ftth
tn WB* bui!Cinr* on Mcnte Diablo ave. Modern,
improvement?. For further Information or cir-
c--lar» address «MISS) I. L. TEBBETTS.
Hitchcock Military Academy,
SAW EA7ASL, CAX.
f«p«r£te bui!C!ng fcr little boys. Xmas term
• 111 Segln oa Aug. 17.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
BOAr.DINO AND DAT SCHOOL, rOR
tcung ladles and little girls, riztl California
»t.. *. ::j recpen August 3. Idas. Accredited to
»r.« Cnlvere:ties. REV. i EDWARD b.
« HVnCH. A. M.. Principal.
t^vJ/ 0 • - \»^ era «^«o». 600 po-
I lVCJsl& «»tion« ib past yeir.
l3rNl*/2r* Op85 * catalogue.
V^ ~*~ San Francisco.
COLLEGE OF NOTRE DAME.
SAN JOSE. CAL.
Klfty-secoaa .» ear. Confer* degrees, granu
diplomas. College preparatory accredited. Con-
•«rvttory ctnne. IntennedUU and primary
ceparuaect* lor youncer children. Stndlc* tt-
rur-.ed Aurcst 4. 1KH. .<~~-
KS Bui a^a wL. Jm m Kwsi mJ
\m B B w— sstai an ¦¦ni Hs> ¦ <n tu
w B R DJ f-71 a WfcA B I E»3
!'" B ¦ Ha Brya Bfm GoK 3k lf^fil H
fsi Jo RS B2§3 K^3 JBsS SB W *•* j^b
R# [£& f\ O Of £f /0L Mm K^L t^Br^Q
» AND VALISES AT
MANUFACTURER'S PRICES
' J. MARTY, 22 TUHK ST.
Factory t>26 Howard St.
Weekly Call H per YearTulare Constable Tries to Arrest a
Maniac, but Is Not Sue- •
cessful.
LOS ANGELES, July 18.— The District
Attorney's offlce lias , announced that E.
Masterson, who is wanted hero for
alleged complicity In frauds perpetrated
upon the Continental Building and Loan
Association of San Francisco, cannot be
extradited from Germany, where ho has
been located by. detectives. Governor
Pardee has been requested to withdraw
the request for extradition made by him
to the State Department at Washington.
The reason given by the District Attor
ney is that the existing extradition treaty
between the United States and Russia
does not provide for the return of fugl4
tives charged with felony embezzlement
of private moneys.
i • ¦ -
INSANE NEGRO CAUSES
TEBBOE. TO FABMERS
TULARE, July 18.— For several days the
Cross Creek country has been terrorized
by an insane negro. Yesterday, in re
sponse to an urgent telephone message.
Constable Goodrich of Hanford hurried
to the McJunkin ranch to arrest the ma
rauder. He had held possession of the
vineyard for several hours, screaming,
tearing up vines and acting in a crazy
manner. When the Constable and his
party arrived on the scene he disappeared
and a diligent search failed to disclose his
whereabouts. He is still at large.
Qoyernor, . Must Withdraw
the Request for Ex
tradition.^
Treaty With' Germany
v Doesn't' Cover Mas-
* tersoh Case.
OFFICIALS FIND
FUGITIVE SAFE
r
RESIDENTS OF TWO NORTH
ERN COUNTIES WHO ARE TO
MARRY.
AMEBICAN COLLEGE
GRADUATE IMPRISONED
BOSTON, July ; 18.— A report . has been
received by Rev. Dr. J. L. Barton of the
American of Foreign Missions re
garding the seizure and Imprisonment re
cently by the Turks of Professor Teneki-
Jian of Euphrates College, Harpoot, .' a
graduate of an American college, in I Tur
key.. ."•'.. ¦'•/'.'' :/-\\ ..:" :'-' ¦ .,¦ • . ¦ - :
The professor Is charged with conspir
acy against the Sultan and with foment
ing revolution. The report asserts he has
been. subjected to ; cruel treatment/, .Rep
resentations are f being made : in the"'' mat
ter to th« State Department at Wash
inzton. ' •
NEW YORK. July 18.— The Financier
this week says: .
The striking feature of the official state
ment of the New York associated banks
last week was the gain of $6,036,200 in
cash, an amount $1,248,400 in excess of the
estimated amount, which was based upon
the traceable movements of money during
the week. The difference ls accounted for
by the fact that the estimates included
the $2,837,400 cold, which was withdrawn
from the banks on Friday of the previous
week, while under Jhe clearing-house
system of averages five-sixths of this sum
was embraced in the bank statement. The
deposits were increased by $3,064,800, which
amount is less by $457,900 than the sum
called for by the gain in cash less the
decrease, of $2,513,600 in loans; therefore
the statement fails to balance. -- The re
quired reserve was Increased $766,200
through the augmented deposits and de
ducting this sum from the Increase ln
cash, leaves $5,270,000 as the gain In sur
plus reserve, carrying this Item to $13,
27S.475. Computed upon the basis of de
posits, less those of $37,263,300 ' of pub
lic funds, the surplus reserve is $22,595,675.
The decrease of $2,513,500 ln loans proba
bly reflects ln great part the liquidation
of the stock market during the early part
of the week. The loans are in excess of
deposits by $11,807,400, against $17,385,700
ln the previous weehj. The daily average
of bank clearings last week was $237,000,
000, an increase, compared with the week
ending July 11, of $19,000,000. The clear-
Ings reported on Saturday reflecting Fri
day's business were $245,268,988; ! this was
due to the large transactions on the Stock
Exchange on that day.
The surplus reserve ls now but $2,500,000
below that ln the c6r responding week last
year. Usually at this season bank condi
tions in respect of surplus improve and it
ls probable that the- immediately following
weeks this year, will ; show more or '.'less
important gains) Comparisons of loans
Indicate that six of. the larger banks in
creased this Item by. $400,000 net. .Five of
these institutions gained $5,900,000 In spe
cie. , ¦ ,. •¦;, •. :.>;.-:--.'•';.-
Increase Is in Excess
of the Estimated
Amount.
NEW YORK BANKS
SHOW BIG GAIN
Assessor Will Sell the Car.
STOCKTON*. July IS.— An empty car of
the Street's "Western Stable Car Line of
Chicago has been sidetracked on the San
ta Fe line here by Assessor Ortman of
San Joaquin County and a sign has been
put on it offering it for sale at public
auction on the 27th inst. for taxes due.
A year ago seven cars of the company
were assessed here at $2700, which has
never been paid b;- the company. The
company in Question operates cars, but
owns no railroad.
Epecial Dispatch to The Call.
MARYSVILLE. July lS.-The en
gagement of John P. Onstott
Jr. of Sutter County" and Miss
Clara Phipps, a belle of Sac-
ramento, has been announced
and the wedding will occur at the home
of the bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs. C.
E. Phipps, at 1418 N street, Sacramento,
in November. The young couple are pop
ular in social circles and the news of
their approaching marriage has surprised
and delighted their many friends in this
city and the, capital.
Mr. Onstott is a son of J. P. Onstott, a
prominent and wealthy fruit grower of
Sutter County. and is engaged with his
father in that business. He is* recognized
as one of the most progressive' young men
of Sutter County. Miss Phipps j is the
eldest daughter of C. E. Phipps' of the
firm of Weinstock, Lubin & Co. of Sac
ramento. • •
Engagement Announced , of
Miss Clara Phipps and j
• J. P. Onstott.
PRETTY BELIE
OF SACRAMENTO
WILL BE BRIDE
THE SAN FKANCISeO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 19, 1903.
28
Highland
Springs
FOR HEALTH
MINERAL WATERS of proven efflcaey. fo»
Hver, kidney, malaria, rheumatism and stom-
ach troubles. A physician of ability. •«*";
•need in advising their use (free). BATH3 of
*H kinds and massage. Purest mountain air.
FOR PLEASURE
Large Livery Stable and excursions to other
reeorts and points of interest, many of which
can be made ln one day. REGULATION
ALLEY. TENNIS. CROQUET. PINa.PONO.
SHUFFLE - BOARD, FREE SWIMMING
TANK and ORCHESTRA, DANCING six
nlrhts of the week. Beautiful walks and
drives.
Telephone*, express and postofflc*.
Hard-finished rooms; first-class table; *lectn*
Ucht*.
Rates, $10 to $16 a week.
• For booklet and other information call on
Peck's Tourist Bureau. 11 Montgomery St..
"Travelers' Bureau." 630 Market St.. or address
CRAIG & KERR,
Highland Springs. Lake Co.. CsX
napa Napa County,
SODA SPRINGS,! ' Cal,/- |
FOR HEALTH AND PLEASURE GO TO
Napa Soda Springs. Situated 1000 feet above
the beautiful Napa Valley. Hot and cold soda
baths. Shetland ponies and burros for children.
Two trains dally, 7:30 a. m. and 4 p. m. Add.
DOLLMANN A JACOBS. Napa Soda Springs.
OPENS JULY 15th
HOTEL "BERKELEY
. ¦ •
An Elegant Family, Tourist and
Commercial Hotel.
DWIGHT WAT. BERKELEY.
, Equipment and Cuisine' First-class.
J, S. MARSTON. Manager.
Correspondence Solicited.
The laat half of July is the great season of the,
" . year for an outing, and
/ETNA SPRINGS
Is i the greatest summer resort ln California.
Its mountains are wonderful and the roads are
grand. Its waters are unsurpassed. Charming
cottage life with flrst-claas board. Saddle
horses. All kinds of amusements. Round-trip
rate from San Francisco $7. Send for pamphlet.
AETNA SPRINGS COMPACTS',
Aetna Spring*-. Wapa Co.. CaL
La Moine
First-class hcteV on SHASTA ROUTE: re-
centlj eninrced, furnishing modern accommo-
dations, Including electric lights. Beit FISH-
ING AND HUNTING on the Sacramento 11! v-
er. Finest scenery ln the world. Two trains
daily to and from San Francisco. Oo to rleep
in Oakland and wake up at La Maine, and'
vice versa.* Terms reasonable. A<Kre*s all
communications to CLIFFORD COGGINS,
Mgr., La Molne, Cal. -
NO RESORT
In California equals Tosemlte for real beauty
of scenery. Low camping rates bring It within
¦the grasp of everybody. Trout are biting now
and you can have a trout breakfast every day at
CAiMP CURRY.
Learn about It at 11 Montgomery street
(PECK'S BUREAU) or 641 Market street (THE
SANTA FE OFFICE).
gyJE_£AKES
Our famous Whit* Sulphur Spring for dys-
pepsia and all stomach ailments. Plenty of
boating, bathing, fishing and hunting. New
cottages. Tennis court, regulation site. -Bend
for ¦ new pamphlet. O. WEISMAN. . Mldlake
P, ¦ O.. Lake County. Cal. ¦ . .
1 -
HOTEL WILLITS. \
First season.'. New building; up to date
equipment; over a hundred 'rooms, handsomely,
furnished: large dining-room; rooms en suite
with Drivate baths: hot and cold water; elec-
> trie lights; first-class plumbing and perfect
sewerage. Redwoods and mountainous country
around with all their pleasures: center of the
deer hunting and fishing of Mendocino County.
$2 to $3 60 per day: $10 to $18 per week. Ad-
dress WILLIAM WEIGAND, Manager, Wll-
llts, Mendocino County, Cal. - ¦ ! . •
Gilroy Hot Springs
For healih and pleasure; water unsurpassed
for rheumatism, kidney." liver - and ' stomach
trouble, i Trained ' masseur. Long distance
phone.' Trains from Third and Townsend at 0
a. m. and 3 p.m. Write for pamphlets.
V ; R. ROBERTSON.
SUMMER HOME FARM
SANTA CSXTZ MOUNTAINS.
Fine location, on creek, surrounded by giant
redwoods: newly • furnished ;• everything for
comfort : and pleasure. ¦': Send for booklet. H.
W. HAINES. prop., Glenwood, Cal., or call U
Montgomery St.. Peck's Bureau. .
La Honda and Pescadero ¦ .
Buy your railroad ticket to - Redwood City,
9 a. m. train . from Third and Townsend sts.
and 9:20 a m. train from San Jos*; connect
with - stage .'. direct. " \ Address WALTER
KNIGHT. ; Redwood City. .¦-,-.
HOTEL BEN LOMOND,
SAHTA CBTTS I=OT7XTFAZVS. .
Now open. For booklet, apply to Peck's Bureau,
H Montgomery at., or 8. P. Co.; C13 .Market st.
B. DICKINSON. . Prop., ' Ben Lomond. CaJ. > . . . ¦
KLAMATH SPRINGS"!
. BESWICK. SISKITOU CO.. CAL. '-.*;:
i Finest flshln*. hunting and health 'resort on
the coast. . tSend for booklet. • ¦ . -
• EDSON . BROS.; \ Proprietors. .
Seigler Hot Springs.
Natural hot baths, wonderful stomach waters,
swimming pond, games. . livery;" $9 to |U per
week. Booklets at Peck's, 11 Montgomery st.'
or H. H. McQOWAN. 8elgler. Laic* Co.. Call
BONNIENOOK
Alt 4000 ft. : halt ml.- . sta. ; cottage*, tents,
boating, bowling, elect, lights.. H. D. WIARD,
Towle. ; Placer 'County, .Cal.-. .. ¦_ *; , .,
F Afil F > fV*UW»»i- Tourists. , camp-^
CAULC 0 1 ADLC3 ers. hunters. Writ* to H."
A. Eldred tot rate* tor any kind at tunwuW ;
California
Northwestern
Railway
Tho Picturesque Rout* of California.
DEEB 8EASON NOW OPEN.
In SOXOMA and MENDOCINO counties dee*
are very plentiful and their haunts only on*
day's ride from - San Francisco.
BLACK BASS are biting freely ln the Rus-
sian River around Guernevllle. Ouemewooa
Park and Camn Vacation.
The many trout streams are yielding up
trout In great numbers, even though hundreds
and hundreds have been fishing them for the
past two months. ¦
THIS COMPANT runs It own Fish Hatchery
and every year stocks the streams along Its
road.
So many people have returned from their va-
cations since July Oth that there Is plenty ox
room now for guests at tho Resorts, Hotel*
and Summer Homes. -
No months ln the year are better for an out-
Ing along the California Northwestern Rail-
way than July, August and September.
Our "Vacation 1903" gives full Information
ln rexard to Hotels. Resorts. Summer Home*
and Camping Spots.
CALL or WRITE for a copy.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market et. (Chronic!*
building) and Tlburon Ferry, foot of Market
St.; General Offlce. Mutual Life building, cor-
ner Sansome and California sts., San Fran-
cisco*
H. C WHITING. Gen'l Manager.
R. X. RYAN. Gen'l Pass'r Agt.
PARAISO SPRINGS
MOMTJEBST COUJITX, CAX.
The leading Summer Resort of the
Pacific Coast. Hot Soda and Sulphur
Baths, large Swimming Tank, first-clas.?
table. Send for beautiful illustrated
booklet and rates, to F. \V. Schroeder,
Manager, or San Francisco Agent, n
Montgomery street.
Spiers Springs
LAKE COUNTY.
¦ Wonderful curative properties for all disor-
ders of the stomach. Also a positive car* for
liver and kidney troubles. New hotel and cot-
tage; $10 to J14 per week. Beat trout fUhtag
In Lake County. Round-trip ticket. 8. P. of-
flce, $8. For particulars call at' Peck's Bureau.
11 Montgomery St., or address JOSHUA
SPIERS. Prop.: mall via Mlddletown.
CAMP VACATION.
A hotel under canvas. Situated near Guerne-
vllle. with a mile and a half frontage on ths
Russian /River. Tents ln a beautiful grove of
redwood, oak, madrone. laurel ard other trees.
A lovely vaUey of ISO acres. Boating, bathlnr
and fishing. \ Terms $10 per week. Railroad
fare, round trip from San Francisco. 12 SO.
Take boat at Tlburon ferry. Address MRS.
L. C CNOPIUS. Camp Vacation, near Guerne-
vllle, Sonoma County. Cat
H0HTHSH0M TOCALOMA *g«
Bertrand Hotel: first-class accommodAtlons;
reasonable rates for families A parties; fishing,
bathing, beautiful drives to Bear Valley; tel*.
phone, JOS. F. BERTRAND. or Bulletin office)
every Friday. I to 1 p. m., or Nix Shor* B. R.«
«20 Market st. -, , ,*V-
OWN A HOME e t^l u - CAMP MEEKER
Free from fog and wind. Lots $10 tip. Cot-
tages built by Meeker. $30 up. Boating. b*>ta-
mg. tenting ground; sawmill, depot, stor*. P.
O. Sausallto ferry. M. C MEEKER. Cusp
Meeker. Sonoma County.
WHZTB SXTXiFXTTB SPBUrOS— Most
accessible springs to San Francisco. Round
trip $1. no stag* far*. Onlr 2% hours* rid*}
flve mile* from Vallejo. Hot, cold and plunr*
sulphur baths; wonderful cure* of rheumatism.
neuralgia, eczema, kidney, liver and stomaels
diseases. Beautiful grounds and lak* for boat-
Ing and bathing. Dancing pavilion, bowline
alley croquet grounds. Rates. $10 *> week ana
up. Address MANUEL MADRID. Vallejo. Cal.
CTXTTE2 MEDIOAXj SPBZ2TOS, Lake
Co.. Cal. — Good climate, unsurpassed tahl* and
best mineral water on earth; hotel open for
guests the entire year; positively cure* Stom-
ach. Liver. Kidney and Bladder Trouble*,
Tickets via Cal. Northwestern R. It. to Uklab.
Address Witter Medical Springs Co.. mam of-
fice and water depot. 916 Market st.. S. F.. os
R. McCormlck. Witter Springs. Lak* Co.. Cal.
TBUCIEB KXVXS COJTSTZYX CLUB
Summer Resort and Sportsmen's Lode*. Third
Season opens June 1. Fishing Unexcelled; rala.
bow trout: hatchery enlarged. Sierra attrao-
tlons. New management. MR. and MRS.
GEORGE H. FOULKS. 43 Nevada block.
S. F.. or Verdi. Nev.
THE G2TSEX3 — A flrst-claas family
resort. Leon Coblenti. formerly with M*r-
chand's and Delmonlco. has entlr* supervision
of tho cuisine and dining-room. Swtznmlaj
baths, hot springs. Hunting, fishing: $10. $13
and $14 per week, $2 BO per day. Informatloa
Cal N. W. Ry.. 650 Market St.: also FABIU3
FERAUP. Prop.. The Peyser*. Sonoma Cz.
. -LAUBSL DSXjXj* — The only laka r»-
sort ln the State that ha* Its own mineral
springs and a chemically pure spring. Boating.
swimming, marine toboggan, .new livery tally,
ho coach, croquet, bowling, new »*»ks and
drives. Pamphlets at Peck's. 11 Montgomery
st. E. DUKNAN, proprietor. Laurel Dell. Lak*
County. ¦ ¦ _^^
PESCADEBO.
Swanton House, under new management,
popular hotel of Ban Mateo Co. Commodious
cottages, beautiful grounds, famous pebbl*
beach, fishing, hunting, sea bathing; Phone.
Rates. $8 and $10 per week. W. L. STEVENS.
Proprietor.
BEAUTTPtTL CAMP MEXXES— A
grand family resort tn the redwood mountains
of Sonoma Co.: climate and water perfect;
over 100 cottages already built: lota for sale;
boating, bathing and other amusements y excel-
lent table: rates $d per week: take Sausallto
ferry. Address H. M. OREG9ON. Sole Prop.
jraxxxuLX =:otsx*
Auburn, Placer Co.. CaU Most popular sum-
mer and winter resort In the fo^-uallia. Eleva-
tion 1400 feet. Electric bell*. IClectrte light*.
Price* moderate. Addres* v , *"*
FREEMAN A WALSH. Proprietor*.
VXLL A PO JTTENAT— Pir»t-cla«s resort :
Santa Crux Mts.; hotel, cottages: croouet
tennis, billiards, bowling, amusement half-
electric lights; table first class; $10 to $U :
phone; campers' return tickets. $2 60- clrcul
lars. J. H. HAESTERS. GlenwoodVcSh
SOTEX. LA HONDA— Situated ln the.
Redwoods. Good trout fishing. Telephone
Booklet. MRS. I. J. SEARS. La Hcnda> 8m
Mateo County. CaL ' ,. ,
AHOXCr TBS ' TOTES — Alt. 803-1 ft.
Wood's ranch; $6-$S week; positive no 'con-
sumptives: writ* for pamphlet Robt. F.
Warham. Applegate. PUcer County. Cal
TltXTH EOT2L, Sonoma. CaL— Peter
COUAILHARDOJ*. Prop. Newly *w B ovat*4
and now open for summer guecta. Rate* re*-
".""S* 8 ?^ 1 *^" 1 " the Sant * Cru» red-
¦W{£sr^£fSfc* a :!~s!f. fS « ••;?;
DoveShooting
Is Good Now
,!!¦ —AT— \ \\
Paso Robles
Hot Springs |
1 For Particulars TVrlts \ \
.' "W. A. JUNKER. . ( ,
, Lessee and Manager. , • ¦
, ' Paso Robles, Cal. . < >
' . ..- Or Call On ... .'
THOMAS COOK ft SOX.
¦ - ' 625 Market Street,
i J San Francisco. '
1 ' Information Bureau, Southern Pacific,
1 613 Market Street.
Santa Catajina. Island
8V4 Hours From Loi AnreJe*.
I Season 1903.
Our Marine Band of 30 Artists.
OUTDOOR PASTIMES. BOATINO. BATHING.
; FISHING, OOLT, ETC.
The Famous Canvas City Is Now Open!
Witb an Entirely New Equipment, la Shady
HOTEL METBOFOLE,
With Modern Appointments. Always Open.
Reservations Mad*. Address
BANNING CO.. 222 SOUTH SPRINO ST.,
LOS ANGELES. OR
PECK'S BUREAU. 11 MONTGOMERT ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
c\ is a r%r%r\ HOT springs, sonoma
SK Ml-tf-tS COUNTT: onry 4% hours
VI 1 1 Ft W %J\J from San Francisco and
but 0 miles staging; -wa-
ters noted for medicinal virtues: best natural
hot mineral water bath In State: boating and
swimming ln Warm Springs Creek: good trout
streams ; telephone, telegraph, dally mall, ex-
press and San Francisco morning and evening
papers: FIBST-CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE
SERVICE: both morning and afternoon slagea;
round trip from San Francisco only $5 50. Take
Tlburon ferry at 7:30 a. m. and 2:30 p. m.
Rates $2 a day or $12 a week. References, any
guest of the past eight years. Patronage of
1002 unprecedented. Information at Peck's In-
formation Bureau, II Montgomery st.; also at
Traveler offlce. 630 Market at., or of J. F.
MULGREW. Skaggs. Cal. '
NEW ANNEX.. . - t .. ,. : . .
GOLF LINKS.
' ORCHESTRA.
HOTEL VENDOME,
SAN JOSS, CAI*
SWIMMING.
BOWLING.
AUTOMOBILES.
Adams Springs
- Why does Adams Springi. Lake County, get
the crowd T Became It cures. It U tn* beit
water, has the best climate and gives the best
service. Send for book of testimonials. Full
particulars at Travelers' Information Bureau.
630 Market street, or by addressing . '
. DR. W. R. PRATHER. Proprietor.
Tahoe Tavern at Lake Tatioe
Is dow open for the reception of guests.
Our patrons of last season say i "Tahoe
Tavern ls the equal of any summer resort
hotel In the world,"
and that LakeTaho* has no equal. Visit. as
and prove statement ¦ for yourselves. Rates
from $3.50 per day upward. For particulars
or reservation of rooms address Tahoe Tavern,
Tahoe City. Cal. • -
YOSEMITE VALLEY
ONLT 18 HOURS FROM SAN FRANCISCO.
OVER OILED ROADS via WAWONA AND
•^ INSPIRATION POINT.
THE ONLT ROUTE TO MARIPOSA BIO
TREES!
THE ONLY ROUTE VIA INSPIRATION
POINT 1
For particulars address A. S. MANN. 613
MARKET ST.. SAN FRANCISCO. ¦
JOHANNISBERC
Hotel: modern conveniences; large, airy din-
ing-room : exhilarating air: hunting, fishing,
swimming, boating; rates $10 and $12. THKO.
BLANCKENBERO JR., Prop.. OakvlUe. Napa
Co., or PECK'S BUREAU. 11 Montgomery st.
HOTEL BON AIR.
Mew, modern 80- room hotel; Ross Valley;
first-class every par.; fishing, boating, swim-
ming, beautiful drives; bus meets 10. 11. 2
trains Kent sta. MR. A MRS. J. E. MAN-
LOVE, props. P. O. ad. Ross Valley. Maria Co.
R,TJBi002T FAJR.KL
Delightful summer resort on shore of Lake Ta-
hoe. Everything new. Best beach for bathing;
bring suits. Fishing,' hunting. Boats, fishing
tackle; saddle horses at moderate hire; $14 and
$16 per week. Postofflce, tel. A. L. FROST.
Rubicon Park. Lake Tahoe. CaL
Campbell Hot Springs.
16 hours* rail to Boca; stage for springs con-
nects 6 p. m. train from city; round trip, in-
cluding stage. $14 60. good tor season. . Rates.
$10 per. week. -
Sissons Tavern
Near Mount Shasta, altitude 3555 feet; open an
year.- Headquarters Mount Shasta climb*™*
plentiful table: fine .fishing and drives. p«rl
tlcu!ars Peck^B Bureau.- 11 Montgomery, a F
VICHY SPRINGS.
8 miles from Uklah. Mendocino Co. Natural
electric waters, champagne baths. Onlv ni»£»
In the world of. this class. Fishing, huntto?
Crystal Springs. .Accommodations; table first
class. J. A. REDEMETER A CO.. Prop,,
MONTRIO HOTEL ~~~
One mile from famous "Bohemian «mw. .
new. management; all refitted.. Quietude Mm*
fort, pleasure, hunting. - fishing, boatln*' EtTh
milk, cream and best of everythjnx Ad£t«
C. F. CARR. Manager. MontrtoT Cat A<Wp "**
NORTHf On Tomale, Bay.- near depot. k A
SHORE rS.^dat- ¦ JSff
HOTEL| M^ Sn a^^,f^ ri Wee|
DEER-PARK INN lS.*^^ ££•
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM '**"„£**
Hydrotherapy." electricity/ X-ray, manage.' c to
Modern. Ideally tooted. St&A tat Hfratur*!
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ELECTRO-CHEMISTRY
The most rational, the most successful treatment of this age of progress
combines the wonderful curative properties of Electricity and Chemistry. The
cures by Electro-Chemlstry are quick and permanent. The following testimonial
ebows Its wonderful curative properties ln a patient well advanced ln years;
oce who had suffered for many years end who had used all the older medical
treatments without benefit.
Mr. Meyer says: "I am now sixty-six
1^W^^'M* 1^M^^^^^^^M yeilrS ° ld — fOr many yea™ 1 hav e suf-
have been so affected that I felt a heavy
$ '£'^Ji$Bv&*' " heavy and asthmatic. The disease had
y%nr^Jv*g/i£ ¦ '''¦,''-, >& affected my eyesight and my hearing. It
i|pfgv¥ :...' *^ '* /''-. nC^.tu caused a coush with pains In my chest
fwW^^ ' >( H$2£8&. an(^ under my shoulder blades. 1 also
j**fg*|j» - %&%&'*% suffered from rheumatism.
fi#W«»o#*L '"' **P%&8m " l had taken medical treatment for
&0iMm&& *(6&t$ e> ' ' '' : '$&?&%&k y e^rs that did me no good, but which al-
Wm?™%^ ''^£^M^ Electro-Chemic treatment' at th^Elec-
W$$m£\' : i- \\ ' ¦¦ -'0£tW?Wk tro-Chemic Institute. 118 'Grant ave..
WMr!® 4~ • :: <?IW^'f^^^ San Francisco on June 2 and took It
S^^^BHf '€ -^i^^wi^Pi dally ln the offlce for flve weeks, and.
W^M^m^^^^WZ^^^M wonderful to relate. I feel twenty years
X^* V8&se**£*%- & ~' 7 "' '" "'*k younper an p d entirely free from my
W^^^^m^^M^^^^^^M "My lun&sarf'free. my couch is pone.
WZJM&*ffls&MMgM& KmmlBffi my breathing- is natural, with not a
i2&' SmmSSrr"^ touch of asthma. I can see better and
f ' '- -'B» -»^ltMSWg T ¦ Mm^'ifflBsfffi can near better than I have been able
rOTfflnHfe^SnBKmjsTj'*' "* r^~ "~ 1 '~ : V£& to do for a lon^ time. Aiy appetite Is
¥'.- ' : j ~'*j i?^. '* "^^^Sflwfe^ Rood and my food agrees with my
|mflJBS[*S^^p^jSar^ft>iS4 JjK'^LrSff-'-ZJ' a Btomach and my Dowels are regular.
ftSiliiniPr —^ , Durlnp my five weeks of treatment at
P' :?^^-S^^L «^aM@BS"- i^i^i^ tne Institute I never took a dose of
W&33?!mH> isW>£+£3!&v%l&a8r medicine, and my treatment from the
"¦""¦^¦^ - -sKBBS^B^HtMHIW first to last was painless and entirely
air. rrederick Meyer."'*/'* * ree from all disagreeable features; In
.i-i'l . - _ . I * a ct it was a pleasure each day to take
it, for I felt better after every application. I gladly recommend this new treat-
ment to all sufferers. ,
"(Signed.) FREDERICK MEYER. Mills College. P. O., Alameda Co Cal"
A Liberal Offer to the Sick
To all sick people, especially those onstrate the scientific nature of Electro-
who have doctored and doctored and Chemistry in diseased ears,
worn out their stomach taking strong J n Rheumatism, Electro-Chemistry
medicines without being cured we ex- f°;"f **£„* I 1 ) 10 th V ls l ues as !t doe8 -
tend a cordial invitation to call for a 2&J?^ t g*. 1 ? t th ?* tt £8g t p$£
thorough Electro-Chemic X-Ray cxami- back to normal strength, and relieving
nation free of charge. Undoubtedly all pain quickly Rnd permanently,
many doctors fall to cure their patients In Neuralgia, Paralysis and Locomo-
Rimply because they v.-ork In the dark. *?!„. i?* la ' l wh , er ® , the Btr °n&est medl-
If the doctor is prescribing for the 0 *%&£* P?t
wrong disease, of course his treatment great benefit to the sufferer To rfrove
.will not cure the patient. this, any patient is welcome to come
The X-Ray. in the hands of a doctor f° r -£ ree examination and treatment in
who knows how to use It. is the surest ,,. , and . skin _, diseases, where the blood
means of finding out exactly what ails poJ? where^he^kYn im\2 lr £ Ulat !? n ., ls
a patient. The fact that we are able to of Scrof uU and 17
find out exactly what is wrong with a zema and in. all kinds of old so^es fnd
patient has accounteO ror many cures chronic ulcers, the action of Eleefro
we have made in cases pronounced in- Chemistry is direct becaii*A it ftal P Vi?
curable by good family physicians, We circulation and ibLhd. f"p * strenShSS
are particularly anxious to. examine and purifies the blood by char«5n« It
those sufferers who have a reason to with oxygen. In all sDeeini Vii«.f .»f i
believe that their chest and lungs are men and women" the action 2f Electro
weak and who are likely to develop Chemistry is immediate on***- 01 ™*'
Consumption. Electro-chemistry will are quick and la?Un£ We havl senl"
cure every case of Consumption in the rate apartments set aside for men a P nH
parly stages, and it has cured some women, and shall be glad tS Zi «n
cases that were well advanced. In need of hpin tn 5iL * «ave all
A few days ago a lady came to us in r^t?on and demonstrate" Our'S
despair. A consultation of physicians hours are from 9 a m to k ™ £ « C S
decided that she snffered from Cancer to 8 p. m dally and^on%,,n>iS' a^ d 7
of the Uterus. Our X-Ray examination 10 a. m. to 1 p m Pat Ut, iK.«l f T
showed pjalnly^hat the physicians were distance shouid^"try to come fof nlr*
wrong. Electro-Chemistry will cure this sonal examination If possible Most out"
Bufferer painlessly and will keep her out side patients can return home the sam«
of the surgeons hands. If you fear day. taking a course of home treatn?™,?
Cancer or tumor or abscess, find out along. We loanVfree of charge a ?o"
right, away by coming for our most plete Electro-Chemic apparatus ' T;
thorough X-Ray examination while it is home treatment. Write- a short descriD
free Diseases of the ears, deafness, tion of your symptoms if you cannot
ringing cars discharging- and . painful visit us. and If we can help yS
ears are cured by Electro-Chemistry as home treatment without personal exami
by no other known treatment We will nation, we will do so and if we cannnt
examine all car affections free, and in we will advise you f ree of • cha?ce
curable cases, if the patient desires It, what course you should pursue Call or
we will give a free, treatment to show address EX.ECTKO - CHEMic' »btt
the Patient how Electro-Chemistry cures TUTP, 118 OSAZTT ATfi.. cor. POST st"
ear troubles. One treatment will dem- San Francisco, Cal <•'>"•*«»*«,
AD VEBTISEMENTS.
S qiq OOA Market Street g
§ OlO~O.£U $an Francisco. ©
e YouVe heard of rag time music ¦
c and of rag time songs, and some peo- ¦
g pie talking rag time themselves, but J
5 we're not handing you any such game 5
9 when we say that our prices On Rib- o
© bons, Veilings, Hosiery, Embroider- g
g ies, etc, are' 25% cheaper than any g
8 store in San Francisco. • I
• -_—---— —__^___ o
¦ Ladies' Belts PihhonQ - «
% IHtlR FABR1C1 KlOUOIlb •
g in iiaJi, White, Bloc and Tan Fancy Novelty imported 5
s &J*&rs ? "'&' f™*' ; re ?-, p i ice 7Sc o?r r s
Z. yard; special at - - 35c ,£
• Silk Belts, 50c each : •
g each. An eirgant variety to se- IdllclCl I\iUIJUiI ( g
o lectfrotj; A1 j sfllc^ 3 in. wide, reg. ©
5 Silk Lace Belts price 25c yard, special at g
2 Open a-o.k desi n. They corns ----- - 15c yd O
la bfark aaJ white witb beami- wmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm ED
¦ "u backlrs nnd pfedants. We O
• have sold th:m f 03 $i.oo to Ribbon Bows made to 2
¦ Ji.ro each. Oo $a especial -t . -. -. , 2
o : -- -75c order free of charge. ¦
g Rubber Gloves — Pure gum, sure protection for S
| dainty hands, relieves tan and sunburn, r^FZr^ i
o reg. 85;. On sale at - - - - DOC b
g f%(% ft ft fl Tooth Brushes— Pure bristle and war- J
-S /II I I U S I ranted » sold always for 25c each. QffT^r 3
5 fcWlUUU Onsieatt|ie great reduction cf 2 for Jm UW «
2 •
© School Books and School Supplies at Lowest Prices. ¦
§ Copyright Henty Books.* ; Book Basket 25c. a
zL The tollo-wing ocpyrl^ht Henty books. Flat telescop« Book Baskets, various A
¦ eleeantly bound, with olU^e edges, resru- slie*. 3 and 4 foot straps 5c Z
© 1st price fl.CO — on sale special this ,-. „ , _ __ ¦
C week 55c Canvas Book Case 50c. ©
g. "A March en London." '"At Aflncourt." Made of grood beavy canvas, with IeRther ra
Zl "With Moore at Conasna." "Coch- corners, two straps and riveted handle. . g%
"i rane the Dauntless." "On the Irrawad- I .,__t, R n< ,i,_«._ us- 52
• <5v," "Throurt nusrfan Snows." "The Ll Lunch Baskets I5c. QJ
M Tiftr at Mysore." "When London Tour choice of a larjre variety at f|
jZ Burned." "A Knirht of the White *»<?. m9c, S3c. 35c and 30c n
? »^'\;'P 1 R tl l e A e *fl t of T J h *^ k , 1 i^." Brownie Lunch Boxes 10c. O
g "Through^e w" " "A J^?obUe ™* "d Fibre box M . that will outwear g
S Kxlle." "Berlc the Briton." "In Greek three of the imitation poods. Large, aoc. JJ
• Waters." "Kedskln and Cow-Boy." medium. 15c. small 10c. H
• "Held Tart for Enirland." ?** eenulne cannot be eold cheaper. ©
¦ Other cloth-bound Henty books 25c Folding Lunch Bo.VCS. B
• ¦-— -^-— Made of fibre lOe ©
¦ High Chairs. Cloth bound or tin......... 25e Q
O Large Selection In Oak or Rattan School BOOKS. ©
m f l.OO to 94.5O A full line of all State and High B
o _ . _. __ School Books ax bottom prices. m
• Baby Charmer 25c. Lo^ n « win6s . g
C Will amuse baby for hours-just what Roller bearing $S.5O and $10.00 a
C even" mother needs. wm ho]i two aduU8 or four ch i Wren . 9
K Baby Swings. Trunks. g
C Six rtyle*. from 25c to fl.SO, with itetl Of the best makes, of superior finish, and JJ
¦ rprir.gs 50c extra. at the usual cut prices. 65
• Baby Walkers. Suit Cases. O
O Helps baby learn to walk; can elt or Steel frame, worth $5.00 In looks, at the Q
• stani at will— thre« etyles special price of fl.85.^nd still finer 0
q fl.50. »3.OO and »3.50 ones »1.75 to »3.0O. g
| Knives, Razors and Shears Ground and Repaired. ¦
° Picture Frames of All Descriptions Made to Order. ¦
¦ •B©BeaOB»B©B»B*B«BWa*B»B*BeBWB»B*B«Wa
B. KATSGHINSKI
Philadelphia Shoe Co*
10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.
- Adjoiningr Call Building 1 .
Pays Us to Sell Cheap.
A Business Proposition.
There is no funny business about
our methods, and it is easy to ex-.
plain why we sell so cheap., „ Take, J
- for Instance; the shoes and oxfords
we offer this week. ) They weT« our
best sellers this spring and summer,
but the sizes that remain we are
going to sacrifice, as we do not de-
sire to carry broken lots in stock.
That's a plain talk. Ladies' Patent
Leather and Tan Vlcl Kid Oxford
.Ties, coin toes and tips, hand sewed
welted Goles and military heels.
Regular $2.50 and $3.00; REDUCED
TO 81 ..">."» A PAIR.. Sizes 2\i to
&; widths A to E.
Don't Miss This Chance,
Mt*gWfg{fjM ifl i ft t"
Patent Leather Shoes.
A'SSffJoS^&E&iS
t aten t leather and fine Vlci Kid
Lace Shoes, bunched together, coin
toes and tips, hand turned and
welted soles and French or military,
heels. OUR PRICE- 81.85; sold
regular from $3.00 to $5.00. Sizes:
A.A wide. 3 to 7^4 C wide. 2^ to.*5%
Don't Miss This Chance.
Did Your Husband See This ?
Sold cheap JUST TO CLEAR .
THEM. OUT; Men's Oxford Ties,
Congress Gaiters and Lace • Shoes,
in calf or russet kid, ¦ worth from *
$2.50 to $4.00, WILL BE SOLD FOR
$1.35 A PAIR. Sizes 6 • to 11; '
widths A to EE.
Spring HeeT^Shoes 40c.
Children's Spring Heel Shoes, odd
lots In Patent Leather," .Vici Kid,
Bronze and . Red . Kid ; - worth from
$1.00 to J1.50. , SOLD AT 40c A
PAIR. Sizes; .
¦:'".B wide, 5 to 8 D wide. 6% to. 8
C wide.'6H to 8 ; '.E. wide, "4 ; to, 8,
[||^|JS[[|ji^J
We don't ; guarantee :.«to fill:
country, orders on - sale shoes. . ¦
B, KATSCHINSKI
6; : X, Philadelphia^ Shoe CoV
10 TKXBO ST., ' San Francisco.
BMliE— —¦— BMIMIIIWJJIHHGOTTIASrS CHIEF MAGIS
TRATE WHO YESTERDAY
CALLED ON ROOSEVELT.
PORTLAND. Me.. July 18.— A bill In
equity wa» filed in the United States Cir
cuit Court by the Mercantile Trust Com
pany of New York, seeking to foreclose
on a inortgaga of the United States Ship
building Company. A bearing was or
d.er«d for next Thursday.
Would Foreclose Big: Mortgage.
Identifies Negro Murderer.
NEW YORK. July 18.— Charles Jackson,
the nesro who wai yesterday arrested
for the murder of Charles Roxbury. wa *
to-day identified by Miss Lillian Tho
rnasctj a* the man •who struck Roxbury
£ ,vrr.. Miss Thomascb was with Rox
bury when he wa» attacked. A blood
stained Dockptbook that tallies with one
carried by Roxbury on the night of his
murder was found In Jackson's apart
ments to-day.
Fanners Say They Will Not Vacate
Land Wanted for New York
Watershed.
NEW TORK, July 18.— Notice has been
«erved by the County Court at "White
Plalrjs en fifty-eight squatter occupants
of !and condemned and purchased for
New York's watershed that must vacate.
Seme of the property taken In Goldens
Bridge. Purdys Station and Torktown is
to be turned Into artificial lakes to sup
ply New York with additional water.
Many cf the farmers already are prepar
ing to mlgTate, but others declare they
•will fight.
Included In the property to be seized by
the city are four churches, four schools,
elx hotels, ten summer residences and
about forty farms.
WILL DECLINE TO LEAVE
THE CONDEMNED ABEA
OTSTER BAT. July IS.— Seth Low,
Mayor of Greater New York, ar
rived here to-day at noon on his
private yacht Surprise in a driv
ing rainstorm. He and President
Roosevelt held a conference on political
matters this afternoon. Mr. Low after
ward stated '-hat his call was "purely so
cial." but it is believed by Intimate
friends that President Roosevelt assured
him of the support of the administra
tion la his candidacy for re-election as
Mayor. There Is no confirmation of the
rumor that Mr. Low is destined for a
foreign mission.
Kmbassadcr Meyer arrived in this coun
try j-ocently from Rome and came here
to pay his respects to the President. It
Is learned that rumors of his resignation
h* £mba«5ador to Italy have no founda
tion la fact.
President Is Said to Favor
Visitor's Re-election
to Office.
MODESTO, July 18. — Congressman J. C.
Needham has appointed Edgar Annear of
Ceres to a cadetshlp at West Point: in place of
J. A. Watt, who (ailed. to pass the requisite
physical examination. Annear-wlll go Knst
for examination on July 27. He is a graduate
of the High School of Modesto and completed
two years In engineering at the State Univer
sity. :
Hammer Breaks His Nose.
SANTA ROSA, July 18.-Ande Philllp
plna, a machinist In the employ of Alex
Schelling, 'had his nose broken in a
curious manner yesterday. He was weld-
Ing a piece of Iron with the assistance of
Clarence Heath.* The latter was swinging
a heavy sledge, and Phillippina was using
a smaller striking hammer. He struck
too quickly before the sledge was with
drawn In one of his blows, and the con
tact of the eteel hammers caused the
small one to rebound with great force. It
struck the machinist on the bridge of the
nose and crushed the bone of that mem
ber badly. ¦ . \
, VALLE JO, July 18—6. L.' Henderson
died this evening after a long illness. He
was a native of New Hampshire, aged 67
years. For thirty-five .years he conducted
a carriage manufacturing establishment
in this city and In the meantime was
Sheriff of -this' county two terms. Hen
derson has, been prominent In Masonic,
Odd Fellows and National Guard circles.
Thirty. years ago he was captain of the
well 'known Frisbie Guard and In 1885
was captain of the ..drill corps of Vallejo
Canton No. 16, Patriarchs Militant, which
won the State trophy in a competitive
drill In Mechanics' Pavilion In San Fran
cieco. He was the uncle of O. S. Hender
son of Stockton, Railroad Commissioner
and grand master of the Grand Lodge, F.
and A. M. of California. Consumption
was the cause of death.
Former Sheriff Henderson, a Pio
neer Kesident of .Vallejo,
Passes "Away. .
DEATH CAT.T.S NOTED ?
'.. CITIZEN OF - SOLANO
the captains of Industry of the future on
the proper road by inducing them to make
a start by saving, no matter how small
an amount, to inspire hope, to lead them
to put forth their best efforts and to keep
everlastingly at It, knowing that success
comes from overcoming difficulties.
It is estimated that persons seeking di
vorce in South Dakota spend, while gain-
Ing residence for that purpose, (900,000 a
year. . .
Chariest Morton, a bellboy employed at
the Hotel Wellsley, 1433 California street,
was taken into custody last evening by
Detectives Dinan and Wren and his
name entered on the detinue book at the
City Prison. Morton, or Tom Burke, as
he was known at the hotel. Is accused of
having entered the apartments of A.
Bui slay on Friday afternoon with the aid
of a skeleton key, taking- a diamond ring
and £5 In cash. After the theft Morton
continued in his position until his arrest.
The property has not been recovered.
Bellboy Accused of Theft.
Music Programme at the Park.
The following programme of music will
be rendered at Golden Gate Park this
afternoon;
Part 1— "Star-Spangled Banner"; march,
"Our United Emblem,"- Nick Brown;
overture, "Caliph of Bagdad," Boildieu;
waltz, "Wiener Burger," Zlehrer; solo for
euphonium, fantasia on "Im TIefen Kel
ler," Colverd, performed by Walter Col
verd; grand fantasia, "Cavallerla Rustl
cana," Mascagni.
Part 2-Overture, "Mlgnon," Thomas:
Slav march, Tschaikowsky; selection,
"Prince of Pllsen," Luders; song of the
evening star from "Tannhauser," Wag
ner; American gems of Stephen Foster,
Tobani; "Hail Columbia."
WASHINGTON. July 18.— At New TVillard
— W. ¦ L. Stevenson. Los Angeles. Shoreham —
J. XV: Spelker, . San ¦ Francisco. : Arlington — J.
A, ' Hammersmith. San Francisco. . .%.„..-¦ :
Calif ornian's in Washington.
MILWAUKEE, July lS.-fitartling in
formation was received from State Bac
teriologist Russell of Madison to-day that
the dog which attacked and bit a num
ber of children on the north side recent
ly was suffering from rabies.' The health
department Is now endeavoring to as
certain tha names of the children who
were . bitten. In order to • nave : them
treated.
Finds That Dog Has the Babies.
SACRAMENTO, July 18.— Governor Par
dee was informed this afternoon that at
the meeting of the State Board of Prison
Directors this morning Director Felton
Bald that Governor Pardee had presented
objections to Tompkins, which were
neither, political ¦ nor personal, but the
Governor had withdrawn them at a con
ference with Felton "Wednesday. He was
asked what had been his objections.
The Governor replied that he had no
objections to Tompkins. He said he
could not see what • objections he could
be credited with, since it was stated they
were neither personal nor political. ... The
Governor added ; that ' Tpmpklns was a
good' man, thoroughly conscientious and
had made an efficient City Clerk; that he
was a man of sterling integrity and they
had been friends for many years.
- He said he had no objection to any man
the prison ¦ directors migh^ select ; . that
they were !'" responsible for their choice
and he would consider them responsible
f or, their official' acts.. •/ • ,
Governor Denies He Had Objection
to Appointment of Major.
EULOGIZES TOMPKENTS.
Aside from the commercial relations of
the Western country with the Orient,
there will be other topics to be discussed
and legislation recommended to the Na
tional congress more directly affecting
the . people of the West. Among these
are irrigation, railroad rates, Improve
ment of harbors and waterways, the Gov
ernmental Department of Mines and Min
ing, good . roads, commercial relations
with the Central and South American re
publics, beet sugar Industry | the encour
agement of home manufactures, statehood
for the Territories, legislation for Alaska,
isthmian canal, merchant marine, consu
lar service, preservation of forests, postal
service, etc.
CRIPPLE CREEK. Colo., July IS.— The
official call for the next meeting of the
Trans-Mifstesippi Commercial Congress
at Seattle, Wash., has been issued by
Secretary Arthur P. Francis. The dates
fixed are August 18, 19, 20, 21. 1903.
WILL MEET AT SEATTLE
FOUB DAYS IN AUGUST
Call Issued for Next Convening of
the Trans-Mississippi Com- '
mercial Congress.
The theory of the association is" that the
best way to help the poor Is to make
them agents in bettering their own condi
tions. • There is no doubt that the captains
of industry of to-day were the poor boys
of thirty or forty years ago, as surely
as the leaders in commerce of thirty
years henoe will be composed of the poor
boys of the present time.
It is > the hope of the association that' It
may be the means* of starting many of
The association' has over 15,000 . stock
holders, who are building up a competen
cy for old age. Not all of -them will
reach the goal; some of them will meet
with misfortune and some, who are the
most unfortunate of all, will think, that
they haTe saved long enough and immedi
ately set about to. spend several years'
earnings.
During the last fiscal year the associa
tion has made 746 loans, amounting to
$1,100,000, more than two loans for every
day in the year. Of the total loans made,
333 were for new homes, more than one
for every working day In the year. This
not only means 333 families starting on
the road to Independence through the
medium of this association, but it means
a year's employment to an army of me
chanics. • ¦ " '¦- . ;
The year has been an interesting one In
many ways, butthe feature that attracts
the most favorable comment is that
showing the largest increase in business
of any year since organization and with
each succeeding month is found a gradual
Increase in assets. .
The fourteenth annual statement of the
Continental Building and Loan Associa
tion showing its condition on June 30,
1903, is full of encouragement to the stock
holders who have invested their money
in the quasi-altruistic institution. The
statement shows that the association has
the largest co-operative bank in the Unit
ed States. Its subscribed capital, is close
to $15,000,000 and its paid-in capital Is
$2,800,000, with a monthly Income of over
$200,000.
Undoubtedly there is no institution in
this city organized on strictly business
basis which Is doing so much for the up
lifting of the prosperity of San Francisco
and the State at large as the Continental
Building and Loan Association. At the
eame time it is offering to the working
classes opportunities for securing their
own homes on a scale of payments easily
within their reach and no more burden
some than the payment of rent. At the
end of the term they own their property
and many of. them have been enabled on
comparatively slender wages to acquire
other holdings that materially add to
their incomes and make their positions in
life one of independence.
At the same time It Is stimulating the
building industry, in which nearly every
trade and class of labor is directly Inter
ested. Increased building operations mean
greater opportunities for mechanics of
nearly every kind, larger markets, for
lumber, iron and other products that go
to malting houses and increased sales for
furnishings, all of which means increased
prosperity for the community at large.
Lang and his son are from Roxbury.
Mass. The elder Lang has lived here
some months looking after the interest of
the company. W. Campbell, also of Rox
bury, in the absence of H. C. Converse
has been acting as superintendent. He
was unable to meet last month's pay roll
for a short time, and the miners quit
work. Campbell has since been running
the pump to keep the water down.
To-day he came to Sonora on business,
bringing Kackey with him. He then sent
Mackey back to the mine to run the pump
during his absence. On arriving Mackey
found young Lang in charge, and he told
Lang he was sent to run the pump. Lang
refused to give up his position, and words
followed. Mackey went away, but soon
returned with a shotgun and fired at
Lang. The shot took effect .In the hip. If
the wound does not prove, fatal It is
feared Lang will be a cripple for life.
SONORA, July 18.— At the Draper mine,
near Soulsbyvllle, James Mackey, a mill
man, shot and seriously If not fatally
wounded Henry Lang, son of John P.
Lang, one of the directors* and principal
stockholder of the Draper Mining Com
pany.
Special IHrpatch to The Call.
CODY, Wye, July 18.— Thomas Gorman,
the escaped murderer, was captured early
to-day by Charles Smith and Hal Sweeney
on upper Shell Creek, In the Big Horn
Mountains. He was still unarmed and
made no resistance. To reach this point
Gorman swam the "Blgr Horn River, an al
most Impossible .feat, and traveled over
fifty miles of the roughest mountain coun
try- He la now In Jail. There are, special
guards on duty, but It Is believed that
Gorman, who murdered his brother, and
Walters, the murderer of Mrs. Hoover,
will both be lynched.
On Wednesday evening Sheriff Fenton
received Information that a party of citi
zens from Shell and Paint Rock, in this
county, were coming down to Basin to
lynch Gorman and Walters. . Acting upon
this information the Sheriff handcuffed
both prisoners and two armed ' deputies
secretly removed them to a canyon about
two miles from town. When nearly to
their destination Gorman, who is a pow
erful man, suddenly wrenched off his
handcuffs and broke for the surrounding
shrubbery. - One of the guards started In
pursuit and fired several shots at the fugi
tive, but he escaped In the darkness.
Walters, the other prisoner, made no at
tempt to escape.
Information was Instantly sent to town
and a number of mounted men started In
pursuit. The chase ended in his capture
to-day. .,;X : :tl. , - .
The Continental Building and
Loan Association Now a
Co-operative Bank.
Ranchers in Wyoming
Clamor for Lives
of Criminals.
Progress of Leading In
stitution of Its Kind
on the Coast.
Son of Tuolumne Mine
Director Wounded
in the Thigh.
TWO MURDERERS
FEAR LYNCHING
DISPUTE ENDS
IN A SHOOTING
WONDERFUL GROWTH OF
LOAN ASSOCIATION
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 19, 1903.
MAYOR SETH LOW
HAS CONFERENCE
WITH ROOSEVELT
29
JOE BOSENBERG'S. | ? JOE BOSENBEBQ'S. | JOE BOSENBEBG'S. \ JOE BOSENBEBG'S. ] JOE BOSENBEBQ'S. J JOE BOSENBEBQ'S.
(•'.••V:*.,'y&?»^k " yaiAfV .*.'••• V«J:*»?.v/' jdjBBaBK^&Jffi^y^Tl '. '. Made of English Thread, deep lace High neck and long sleeves, or high Made of French L,iale; Jersey ribbed: »** if X^V
!;••»•!¦•'.>•>/ TCWg^AjfcjJVjrfLW-^STO \'*i\' V.\M^V/> Jw&&fKol \»«*SJw!i£l yoke, back and front, also armholes neck and short sleeves; made of Sea tijfht fitting tops; fast black; soft and ** "^
••¦%.¦•.•.¦•••.'.<¦ JMffiS'^dE*^4?y6*f« Vi'v"- •-•*.*•• ''F&ilpiBfPBiSn viVWwl «nd neck lace and beading trimmed; Island Cotton; Swiss ribbed; summer pliable. I..1«r C Q | a *-v?
\y-\':'j.'J wSffiKS! n I PSEs Y/ V*A*-*AOTE«ESnl \ iSi \*trK?«l Swiss and Richelieu ribbed. Judge not weight, in white only. When you see Knee length 4."»O OUly OUlU Ul
I'v.-W" s-iiKaatiJaSS^§15*/ \"'& K '$S§?@n] I 1 1 Rsiv, vA'tfv:* the quality by the low price 15c them you won't buy one or two, but Ankle length 5Oe >¦ ¦¦ ¦¦¦ ¦
W JfflfflllW WSM Ps W Ladies' Vests 19 ° Ladies' Combination Suit. fflUS M UllOBrWfiar
V-r /<t!UJ J -%MNf, 'VfKIUlU Ull I**/ />*£!$ LdUIB5 ¥tJ{)U> ' LaQIBS VeSISi J Made of Silk-Finished Lisle; low neck IIIUUll II U II U Ul If U Ul
Yi \55w8ffi ' iWSfb \ iffinvE&lirlJf&'w A?Khf Made of French Thread, low neck and l>3w neck and no eleeves; trimmed and no sleeves; umbrella-shaped Draw- ... . .
\\ X'^PWJ \MM I MAYlYUmvUxMI Vt$4 no » leeves ' new la ?%, yoke effect, in with a two-inch yoke of ellk lace: also era; trimmed with deep crocheted lace; . T *« *PP«n«a8 > o? tWj Ua t of i.ons
VK Vj^itN \irl \ ! Jtf&v\\v\ llRaw Cluny lace; lace and Swiss ribbed. More sleeves trimmed with lace; Swiss so simple a child could wash them; no la muilin nnd»rwe»r glTM yon but a
V^v X&fm W I #Vfc«lUlH UTffcj £&$¥ than even exchange for your money... ribbed; made of purest Vega Silk; ln ironing or starching needed. You get Ta f n » i£** °* 3 P^«no»«*l D«r-
\$fe^W//Jl llVf At£*&&ltlil llmYlt AZgST • 1Rc ' Pink. blue, cream, white and black. We two for the true value of one. The **£¦ ***?*£**£—?*}!- ??'?—*-. SS
Xktf&arl I [•¥ y^^^lll illlWWH^ay challenge you to buy them anywhere in Money-Saving Store 50c ™ ust ¦•• th9 r»«neat« to appreciate
If/// WJ^SMmr , ' t "" 4 " Ladies' Vests. 3^ 5SSTWB?S»JJ
Xl/// IT* J$i^*^^\\n\\\\\\\u7 • Tx)w neck and no seeves; made of LOUICd ICdlii •, Made of Genuine Vega Silk; high neck io frnt that you wUl b« tempted to
>U|J /[ /^viwWSiijS»*J*t \ \\ 1 1 11 jr P llre French Silk; Swiss ribbed; neck " Made of French Lisle, low neck, no and long sleeves; also high neck and buy tout whol* ie»»on'« aupply of
f A§S§t^^S^<&v\ I II 1 1*^ antl sleeves trimmed with crocheted Bleeves, new openwork lace effect, soft short sleeves; Swiss ribbed: ln pink, underwear.
»^k5^^^^WiV Wiltr e(lpre and Silk braid beading; in pink, as velvet: Just the garment for summer blue, cream, white or black. You be They are made under strictly sani-
- m^0M^m$M { %K^F e T:F^i7B
You Will Heed Them Soon, but There Is But OnePrice Here, That's Hosiery Extra! Extra! Each Pair of La Vida Corsets i^^Ji'^Sgf^ifia^
You Will Never Get Them Again the Lowest. AT A E T T0U 5SS&d ?/?£ i a?f. M '&n 2SSS5
at These Prices. We Believe That's the Only Right Way lip', T1IE Wo^llV^^ FOR \f Sttt^f SSeff^ J^^^^tt,erS u &°Tndffi > S aeUiDS price - Traveler ' 8 8ample hne '
prP r Ai: qfARFS OR RUNNERS VALENCIENNES LACES for dress Bt\ ' LADIES' HOSE, made of W% the abdomen; with fancy charged for maklne a corset I ADIFS* IMIfiHT DRFSSFJs
«!nrh« lone and 1 18 inches wide or underwear trimming, real ln look* and . f M ' English cotton, .oft aa vel- M\ frilled elastic attached and to orter. Only pufe whale- J&\ ~7 U ! C ® l ; l 1 Un ' UKto^ td
MnrtP on eood heavv cambric deen wear, but not so in price, wide, \^|\j vet, guaranteed fast black SS| patent button clasps. Price bone and the finest of Import- Jm\ « Abou , t . 30 ° l ty . leS !? <^ oose , fro ,":
Sn <lXtt St oSSork S good edge. 12 yards to piece, now -M8H* and stainless, light weight. R ]\ them elsewhere and see how ed materials are used in their ($& } in muslin, cambric and nainsook, with
hr^ P rt- P S^llo^d buttonhole ed^l 20caplece but very light in price 10c pair f» *\ reasonable the money-sav- construction. La Vidas are Vil \ high or low neck. In bishop designs;
broiderj. Scalloped, button hole edge. BLACK VALENCIENNES LACE IN- . . .. ••« 1 ing store sells; in pink, full gored and bias cut^ The Jgml also a perfect assortment of yoke ef-
>ow ¦ * oc SERTION for dress or waist trimming. PhiMron'c HflCO blue, red and Wack. Our price 19c straight front La Vida la the /9*''7 fect8 - . These garments are made full.
AQamnlo lino nf fir ?i-inch wide, now 12 yards for 50c UnilUICll 0 nUSBi , .- . - most surpassing achievement C .^nT materials are excellent. The prices
sample Line OT oquare> or n them the EVERLAST . Valuer Like The«ifl Sneak for Them- of the c O ? fe tiere-s art ! i? r^ w$f « ;™ n l ess than you can
Tahlo Pnvorc Vfl IlipC I kp ThflW ffir ING KIND. Made of sea Island cotton. 'OlUBd LIIVC I IIBOB OyVdA IUI IIICIII neves the bust and abdomen Hf/*- buy the material for.
IdUlB UUVeiSi VdlUe& UIV6 IIIBDB OpCdlV IUI medIum we ight, fast black, double heel, coluQC of all pressure and becomes a W&\ nnmri. » en *c ftr
Made of good,- heavy cambric, 32 Thomcolvoc toe and knees; all sizes one price ..lOc OOllOOi £ u Rf, rb brace for the back, Wi) PnlCtS! H^C, 45C t 03C, OOC, 95C
inches square, in Irish point open- UlClliOGllODi .... Here are some Dress Shields for less n°, 1(lln » the figure in a health- /* VVVJ
work effect; also embroidered borders. ODDS AND ENDS IN BELTS, made Cffiiit Wnmflll MnmhnV Rnimht fnmnii nnntnrkeit ful - graceful position. -Your k«-«;«-««
Sixty different styles. No two alike. O f silk taffeta, peau de sole. etc.. new OlOUl lYUllIOlli than half. Bought from an overstocked new dress will be twice as satisfactory DRAWERS
All to be cold at one price 35c dip shape, metal and oxidized buckle, Here ls some hosiery made expressly wholesaler. . > If fitted over a La Vida. Price <,, -t w i o «, (n -hnn*. tmm- in cam
jnoi V* J« S*- 40c - c Q ualit >'. now y° ur choice., for you. Made of gauze lisle, double if you do not need them now it will S3.50 and $5.0O b J? mJif ln and nainsook- 'with laeV
4983 YardS 15« heel8 r M » d tr i w 8p «t^«^T? ge «?™ U f?; ?? y y ,° U to^antldpate your wants at Corsets Fitted Free by Experts. tucket? and embroidered.' aTJS hlm^
Af wiTTw #\t» TTTneTim *n ««iv ¦ • out « *BBt blacK. extra tnm, extra nne these, low prices: Ktitrh*>r! mfflM Writing cannot ex-
JiittSSS d5uSf 4idS ta u piS: Another Embroidery Sale and extra low ln prlce — 3Sc DRESS SHiELDs-Rubber imed. odor- .^^ The corset that re - ¦ &"« *
flue cream white aad black. Tie HIIUlllOl C1UUIUIUCI) OaiG , less, washable. Now ;. Pair 8c s~f) I/YJ/J celved the gold medal at _
artsyifl** " tte M<mey f?>*J i-^iVS SJS^rsisr SVSS Recollection of Quality Remains ,»™<£i"W™. s ™™lzgg%% W^ a^WtrSfSaf prices: 15c, isc, 25c, 35c, 45c, 65c
$1.00 and $1.25 Binis Now 65c. ? - 8=5^!™* "" 8 " Sht " -T Lon 5 m U Price ls Forgotteni £HS£%!ttS'JSr££$X. V/ ' g « S&Stt white petticoats
OIiUU QIIU <?Ii£U UIUIGO IIUT1 UUlJi Reg ular 40o quality, now 27c J; LADIES* PETTI- Regular 35c quality now....!. Pair 17e , , : and- improve your form; WllllC rL I I IGU* I O
Odds and ends of our good selling Regular 50c quality, now 35c - COATS, made of fan- straight front, medium bust, long over 200 styles, and some very pretty
kid gloves, all colors, but not all sizes; Regular C5c and 75c quality, now.. ..50c - _JS^ J \ cy silk moreen, trim- O«L-«I T!_ . I. n Mm : M » t 'i e ps and «-bdomen; made of Import- ones among them. Deep knee flounces
m.ade of picked French lambskin: JWlilv V/\ med with a deep oCflOO I H18 IS uOlU RKi ed sateen - trimmed with wide lace; for that have rows and rows of lace In-
PariP point embroidered backs, patent T- \A/ nmDn Whn IfnflW JFsMmS-^ v J^w accordion pleated ___ wwuwvl ... ° stout and medium figures. We never sertions and lace edgeB. Others with
two-clasp. If we have your size IU UUIIICII 1IIIU MlUTl A ~\P§& llounce, near silk « hy not start your chil- saw a better corset— neither will you— at embroidery insertions and edgings;
here's a true bargain. Now G5c How to make BAT- l' oko t0 insure a d . r T e " by r A%5, \\ ?lpt this price tfl.OO also tucked and hemstitched, full and
iHEOT^aS ; _ -. sk £ ii- c « »«s3ls &ML Joe Rosenberg's Is the Birthplace PRICES: 45 C , 65c, 85c, SU5, $1.25
wrnAVP nw Vrrirmi AS K^ BATTESBERG Monday and Tuesday-s price.... Jj>i».}).-> ferers from weak backs, X £&AU , ° . r 1W¥ J
y&^ B OT^K«>¥^Jy1St m la" J/u^'e eSraSS^ 5 CeiltS JM =a%^^ll ¥£ " Of LOW PNC8S, J^f CORSET COVERS
SrffflTS^ tolff^ fftff? i'um* SPL-— Ml l«nen r %nte™ trtm* LADIES' BIDE GAR women' ami children; In MfflM AXD HERE'S ONE 'WSft] > In lon^ or short lengths, full and
SJr^we'SSid^'l-nSfifw^IliBS h Wl ? % TERS."^^ mad^f^SB SS' i n W^| 9 Kh? n but b vSK OF OUR PROOFS. clo »* T^Zv oTd^ntv^creTo^
including black and white 25c SSe^^at^K IS^'lS^'tS^M ti&l&jSgt^lW m^off tra^o^a^' fflHW ScfSS SS^
f<4 O^rs Sell Ribbons. gggS- i ?Si ¦ B% Small Items at Small Prices? K?H^££S |M ; ---- AIS ° ;ucked and " m
J, WE SEI.r. ONE KIND— - "•'< now Re CO-lnch TAPE MEASURES, numbers V?"??"- H, er ?i?if s ln 1 " fiPLH. PRIPF^'^r I9r He 9«5r V\P
THE BEST. Tfl nVflVlnnk ThflCO .. « . ... « T-. . both sides, made of good, strong tape but low ln r^*. 25c ilF^> »*HlbM. J)r UC, I/C, 10Z, OOC
All silk taffeta ribbon. lUUlClluulV I lit! SB MfinOU-^aU ntT WniTlOn Road The lc apiece , v "
314 inches wide, with wm be an Injustice to your jc\ mUHOJ Oailllfc.llUIIIBII| -miflU IIII5— PEARL BUTTONS, good kind, clear Cnr thfl ''Hnnrf fllri Slimmor Tlmo" On Sale at our Bargain Counter.
openwork hemstitching vkmoe an injustice 10 jour UanHtornhloffi 1 nui DrinoH white, two and four holes, now fJc doz. I OT 1118 UUUQ UIQ OUDllIlBl 1 IIIlB Market-street entrance.
In satin dotted effects. TURKISH CUSHION L. "£f ndllURBlVilllBIO •LUn llllioUi HAIR PINS, four packages ln a cab- ESPECIALLY THE EVENINGS.
In pink. blue, cardinal. COVERS and backs with ArtSW LADIES* HANDKERCHIEFS, made ' n e^H^"iv;i^V." V V 2^ h <^ bb ? t LADIES' SHAWLS, made of steam- PflSt Not COnSldfirfili.
now lOc tassels at each corner to /7wS3i of fine lawn, lace trimmed, J) c PATENT SNAPS instead of hooks shrunk wool, fancy border, 40 Inches UUOI ItUI UUUOlUGiGUi
i/\/ o ix • O u v« urn match, 22 inches H<juare, in V¥VW?2A LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS, mnde and eyes, black or silver, large and square; ln red. white, blue. pink, cream "WE MUST CLOSE THEM OUT.
If YOU SBB It III UuTAOS YOU Will all the new fancy colors; >T/jSGr'2' ot Irish lawn, embroidered and hem- small sizes; the best kind .....%c a dozen and black. Your money's worth or your A few Ladies' Tailor-made Suits. In
II 1 uu Ub& 11 111 «m« "»• ¦ WM ¦••¦• f urn iture stores' price 50c l/JrSur* stitched, now Oc BELT CLASPS, made of extra heavy money back here. Our price 5Oc wool cheviot or zlbillne; jacket and skirt
Finfl It Iti fltir StfirP Joe Rosenberg's the money /*• *T LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS/ made metal, dip and military shapes, fleur de . lined throughout; here's your opportu-
LADIES' PERCALE WRAPPERS- 8t0re ' 8 ' ~ : ft t 3gf n a oT'.. n . ea f.. an . d . n . a r. r . < !r'... he :? 1 C MMM, MAM *"* 5S """
Ruffles over Khoulder; deep, wide uiL ftn Y«n Ara I nntinir tnr « Trim M GENTS! HANDKERCHIEFS, made SKIRT BINDING, made of steam ¦ ¦ ' Whv nnt hnv- fllII CpnK fijiy Pflnnlp flkrnVPr THlQ I?
flounce; in good. serviceable colors. Price Wlien TOU AFC LOOKIIIg TOT 3 IMC of pure Belfast linen, hemstitched, shrunk yarn, extra heavy brush, the form when vou Sn " Ll1 Ud ' FBU P IB UlbUUtCI 1 1115 15
J>N<" _.. . . ,. , „,. ...... full size and good washing kind, now., kind that will not wear out; In brown, K§ff@ffiBrct| have It for a nrW i,t" Thfl MnnQU <Jayinff
ladies' Petticoats ri& Fit in Ladies 9 Shirt Waists i<>«- gray, mode. t ans n n d b.ack ; now. 5 o yd Ig^]! Si.? u i?. r the^uSy in8 MonBy-aaving More.
LflUICa rCIUUUaidi f*« ¦ -*. — -. -«. .—. — __ _ . __ ,_ _, n W&TCr&fSB de Koko shirt waist ex- 1— 1 LADIES' TURNOVER
Silk in looks but not in wear. Made 2ts£ You will surely find it at the I fB E. OSl^R-n Dl-Dl* THF DDITF TIITTFI? WZES&8&3 tender, made of extra §325^^—*! COLL -^ R w5 th tab.
of black an-1 white striped mercerized /fl#9V monev savin tr store Alade of tfllfl iCl l»^ i 111 ¦¦ ¦ f% I I I I1L rKIULOU I I Cl\ strong lawn, five path- FfS&Hft>!8fffii] made of extra he«vy
satr^n. trimmed with two tailor-stitched iu(f[S\ . " , \ B % ' ? s „ ° ' * la f e ot VV/L. ¦UV/\Ji-l«lL#l_8U\J = '^^SP^ ered hemmed ruffleR, ffflH^TailW j c " v embroidered in
ruffl.-s. also six tailor-stitched l.ands=; f/M//iVA fast black English lawn, large - . washable, light, cool. " " ¦H»ll wiillllll piik. in cherry pattern;
see and compare and you will find that JM I If ll* pleated front and back, new.' olb IVmrKCt otfCBt. * II U rarfCII OtfCCt. comfortable. To be had in colors ln blue, red.
this is the money «avins store. Our price (WniiUfeJ ). BishoD sleeve \ow J»Si» twatt nonPDC cnT rrTTT?n onlv at Joe Hosenberg's, the money- pink; also black and white. Others ask
81.00 ?€tpm)IP » iaiVi> «" ec4C - uw "o^ MAIL, UKU^Kb bULiCli^U. saving store .....25c twice this price. Speklal 10c
; ADVERTISEMENTS. ..,'¦ / .'
WHISKY CRAZED HIM
Drink - Sodden Son Brutally Beats His
Aged Mother — A Drunkard's
Dreadful Deed,
"George J. Crane, who brutally beat his aged mother at their home,
Germania place, -while hewas under the influence of liquor, was found guilty
by a jury before Judge Lawlor yesterday of assault with intent to do great
bodily harm. Crane not only beat bis mother, who is 70 years of age, but
left her weak and bleeding from bis blows to continue the debauch which led
to the assault. It developed that young Crane was in the habit of filling him-
self with liquor, amusing himsrlf by beating bis mother, and then, when bis
money was gone, of sobering up at the home of a friend.- During bis prelim-
inary examination bis mother pleaded for his release, and was an unwilling
witness, but the testimony of the neighbors was 'sufficiently strong to warrant
bis being convicted."— San Francisco Chronicle.
When all was over the shame-stricken son stood in the jail corridor
trying to make his nervous fingers roll a cigarette, but the tobacco fell to the
floor. His face hardened as he saw the evident despicable position he occu-
pied In the view of those about him. /.
''Yes, whisky was the cause!" the prisoner admitted.
Earth holds many problems ; but this unnatural son is an example of
the most difficult as well as the most dreadfully pathetic His old and feeble
mother pleaded pitifully for his liberty. "He was such a good son when he
was sober/* she sobbed. "It is only while under the influence of drink that
he has acted so." Crazed ¦ by alcohol men do fearful things of which they
would be quite incapable if sober and in their right minds. They bitterly
realize the curse under which they are struggling, and while willing to stop
are loath to admit that alcohol is stronger than their will, already broken by
the ravages of the disease of alcoholism. .
. We have thousand* of letters from grateful patients whom we have
permanently cured of the liquor habit. "We guarantee to cure alcoholism in
all its stages. For general information in reference to the business, write or *
apply to the Executive Offices.
THREE-DAY LIQUOB GDBE INSTITUTE, Ine.
Office Open Sundays.
301 Starr King Building, 121 Geary St., San Francisco.
Telephone Private Exchange 216.
Los Angeles Institute, 4451 Soutb Spring St., Los Angeles*
GBAPE-ITUTS. •
- SLOW STARVATION.
The Dyspeptic's Diet Leaves No
Chance for Regaining Strength.
The dyspeptic w*o starves body and
brain because food will not digest has no
chanc« to get Btroxu? again,, because bod-
ily strength cannot be built up except on
lood that will digest.
That is the mission of Grape-Nuts,
which any dyspeptic can digest and which
will begin to build up and nourish at once.
A Wisconsin man says: "For the las:
seven years I have been a great sufferer
with stomach trouble, and for eighteen
mor.thg I could not eat or drink anything,
rot even a Fpoonfu! of milk, without great
suffering. * :- v -.'j£i
"It wemed I had tried every remedy in
the world, and I had given up all hones
of ever getting better when a friend %A-
visfd me to eat Grape-Nuts food. I was
just about too much discouraged to do bo,
for 1 expected to die, and all my friends
expected I would, too, but I finally did
ftend^or a sample l$>x, and when it came
I was so weak I could not turn over in
led.
"Then I began to take the Grape-Nuts,
just Ja little Lit at first, moistened with
hot milk, and from this time I begin to
prow stronger, and before I had-Jlniiihed
the fourth package I could eat and drink
anything I -wanttd and it did not hurt me
in the least. So the right food helpodjne
to .health after everything else had failed.
'•Experience, actual use. proves abso-
lutely the preat power of the scientific
food Grape-Nuts." Name given by Pos-
tura Co.. Battle Creek, Mich.
Send for partlcularB by mail of erten-
•lon of time on the $7500.00 cooks' contest
for ES money prizes.
. . ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Only One
Ctfmpromise
For Diamonds I
And That Is
SAPPH-iJIAMOpS !
While they are only imitations they
so phenomenally: outclass all. former ef-
forts of science, as . to . place K them\ in. a
class alone."^ Possessing a fire, brilliancy
and a HARDNESS which -is' a guaran-
tee of the retention of luster. Sold only
in stores under the direction of J. C.
DAVIDSON, world's srreatest diamond
imitator/ ¦ " ! ; " •" ; ;
V No electric lights, cataloprues.
S.F. Store, 124 KEARNY ST. •PONDEROUS ANIMAL WHICH ONCE GRAZED OVER ROCKY MOUN
TAIN RANGES, WHOSE SKULL, RECENTLY FOUND BY SCIENT
ISTS IN MONTANA. IS SAID TO'bE LARGEST IN WORLD.
FAMOUS PHILOSOPHER WHOSE DOMESTIC LIFE FORMS THE BUB
JECT OF RECENTLY PUBLISHED "REVELATIONS" "WHICH ARE
SCOUTED BY SIR JAMES CRICHTON BROWNE.
The good old pastor took th© bright lit
tle north side boy on his Xnee. ¦
"Donald." he said. "I hop© to see you
walk in the straight and narrow path
that leads to the good world."
"I'd rather go in a houseboat," replied
Donald.— Chicago Tribune. i
It is in the field of fiction particularly
that the senselessness of the custom is
apparent and there are signs in the lists
of some of the leading publishers that the
lesson taught by Hall Caine and his pub
lisher has not been lost. Whatever pub
lishers may be afraid of in the dead sea
son, Messrs. Methuen are not. They pub
lish a list of novels to be Issued from now
up till the beginning of October, which
practically marks the opening of the au
tumn season. This list includes no fewer
than twenty-six books, which will be Is
sued at the rate of two or three a week.
Twelve books are to be published in what
is supposed to be the "deadest" of all the
Midsummer is past and we are now en
tering upon what is commonly called the
dead season in the book world.' Former
ly it was considered that during the pe
riod of the summer holidays new books
had no chance of success, competing, as
they do then, with those outdoor pleas
ures usually associated with July and
August. This led to the damming up of
the literary stream until October, when
the floods were let loose, to tho distrac
tion of readers and critics alike.
Hall Caine was one of the first to see
the advantage of breaking through this
illogical custom and by publishing "The
Manxman" and its successors in the
depth of the dead season he secured at
tention that might otherwise have been
missed.' ¦ ' ¦ ¦ ¦
"To any one with a spark of knowledge
of human nature Carlyle's long, passlon
ate^mourning for his wife, his lonesome
visits to her grave, when he knelt down
and reverently kissed the green mound,
must betoken a tenderer tie than mere
Platonic friendship."
After discussing some aspects of tho
question with a frankness permissible
only in a medical Journal. Sir James
Crichton Browne says: "Mrs. Carlyle's
childlessness was probably the main cause
of her unhapplness. The history of the
Carlyle and Welsh families leaves little
doubt that the infertility was on her side.
I need not rehearse all the symptoms
which combine to show' that Mrs. Carlyle
was a highly neurotic woman and that
th© vagaries of ner condition Inflicted
much prolonged suffering on" her husband.
How different it might have been had she
had. an infant to dandle and a child to
rear! . . y
Froude's allegation was that Carlyle
was one of those men who ought never to
marry and that matrimony, therefore, be
came a tragedy for both him and Jane
Welsh^Carlyle.
as Carlyle by James Anthony
Froude in the recently published posthu
mous pamphlet.
LONDON, July 11.— Sir James Crlch
ton Browne, In an article In the
British Medical Review, answers
the charges leveled against Thom-
I learn l that Mr. Nell Munro, ' one of
the latest novelists of the younger school
to attain fame. Is favorably considering
an invitation to lecture in Canada during
the autumn. One can Imagine the great
Highland welcome which th© author of
"John Splendid" would receive from the
Gaels In the great Dominion.
It Is pleasing to report that the Illness
of Mr. George Meredith is, after all, not
so serious as was reported a week ago.
Considerable alarm was created among
his friends and admirers by the- statement
of the enterprising reporter who wrote
that Mr. Meredith had periods of only
partial consciousness. As a matter of
fact I am told Mr. Meredith's Illness has
not been at all dangerous. As Mr. Mere
dith himself said to a friend: "Tho diffi
culty with mo Is to obtain unconscious
ness." • -i| •tl^iftUil
The book, which Is now in th© printer's
hands, is likely. I am assured, to prove a
big success, not only on. "account- of its
merit, but because of this new method of
the writer to obtain that popularity or
notoriety which usually is th© result of a
book that may strike out on some new
line being published anonymously. ..
London boasts a great variety of lit
erary clubs, chiefly dining clubs. Per
haps the most interesting of these clubs,
because. .it is the youngest^ is' the "Boz"
Club, founded by Mr. Percy Fitzgerald,
the president of which this -year ts Sir
Henry Irving. The other evening Sir
Henry presided over a dinner attended
by a notable gathering, which offered an
interesting contrast to the supercilious
treatment of Dickens that held sway for
a considerable period in what was consid
ered high literary circles. Time was when
Dickens had only a few admirers among
what are called the cultured classes. Here
are a few of those present at tho dinner,
all of them great admirers of Dickens;
Sir Norman Lockyer, Sir James Crlch ton-
Browne, Sir Frederick Bridge, Sir P. C.
Burnand. Mr. Edgerton Castle. • Mr. Hall
Caine. Mr. M. H. Spielmann. Mr. Marcus
Stone and a whole host of others well
known In literary and artistic circles.
That the publishing business is not
without Its romantic adventures Is shown
by an incident which Mr. John Lane nar
rates. He found one day a novel with no
name attached left at his office. Mr.
Lane read the MS. and discovered it to
be a historical novel of deep interest, but
who was the author? He did all he could
to find him or her, but his search proved
fruitless.
months— August. But Messrs. Methnea
are not the only publishers who have
found August a good month In which to
issue new books.
THOUGH diminished in numbers, it is still. a Grand Army. ./ It is not that lithe- and strong
stepping host that passed in review' before disbanding to seek again the pur
suits of peace. It had taken part in the mightiest battles in the history of war. It had met
and overcome a gallant and resourcefu^ foe. It had accomplished more of benefit to" human
freedom and the progress of man and humanity than any; army that ever marched and fought. It
had the skill, organization, courage and leadership to have entered upon conquest. But it stacked
arms and dissolved as a warlike force and in due time re-formed its ranks to preserve the memory of
its strenuous days and to keep patriotism glowing in the hearts of its countrymen.
This army will soon be in. California, its members the guests of this State. Though they will
come in thousands, their total roster is but a, bare, remainder of that magnificent force which taught
the world how bravely Americans can fight for an idea, and how sincerely they love the Union and
the liberty of which' it is the shield. No hospitality will be omitted that can add to their treasures
of memory. They, will carry back a glowing picture' of this favored land and will forget the older
memories of their days in battle in telling the story of what they see here.
.V 'They come from the middle West and the ; .far East, from the midst of'' flashing heat and
besom-like tornadoes and high-rolling floods; they, come from the.nervous tension of -whole popula
tions which watch the clouds and winds, and tremble, to find here no weather, but only the placid
humor of an equable climate, with the cool ocean. breezes. of the coast and the invigorating" dryness
of the interior valleys and foothills, where, a. cloudless sky and atmosphere like, a lens so "enlarge the
stars that these visitors will feel that their' feet are' upon a 'new. earth and that a new- heaven arches
above them. They will see the effect of kirVdlyriatufeupori the dispositions of men. As nature is
lavish in her gifts, men are generous in their hospitality, and every !old soldier of this Grand Army will
rejoice thai' he fought well for a country that - has in -it a- State like California. - '•..>-
THE COMING GRAND ARMY
Townsend'a California glac« fruit* and
candles, 60c a pound, in artistic nre
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st.. above Call bldgi*
Special Information ' supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1012. •
"Yes, suh," eald the Kentucklan, remi
niscently. "he were the best Jedge we
evah had in Kaintucky."
"Why, I didn't know he was a Judge,"
said the stranger.
"The best in the State, suh," affirmed
the native: "he could tell to the minute
how old a brand o' liquor we.ro by merely
tastln' It."— ClnclnnaU Commercial Tri
bune. IJ-yV*'.'
. In no respect is the contrast between thecattitude of the people of the two countries toward uni
versity education more striking than in the amount of donations given for higher. education by men
and women of wealth. It appears that during the period from 187 1 to 1901 the amount of private
gifts to universities in America was eight times greater than the amount given for such purposes in
Great Britain. The presentation of the facts is calculated to rouse British leaders to a recognition of
the importance of providing the youth of the country with instruction that will enable Great Britain
to compete with American and German experts, who are rapidly, dominating the industrial world.
Whatever be the effect, therefore, of the education act upon primary instruction, it appears certain
that something like a radical change will soon be made in the facilities for higher education in the
United Kingdom; V , r ~ ;
ONE of the effects of the anxiety felt in Great Britain over the rivalry of the United States
and Germany with her manufacturers and her merchants has been an increased attention
to the subject of education. At the present time something like an educational boom is
going on in the United Kingdom. In addition to the new education act, which is, unfor
tunately, a subject not only of partisan but of sectarian controversy and bitterness, there is a vigorous
movement toward improving and extending facilities for higher education. A great school of tech
nology has been projected for London and will doubtless be speedily undertaken, for a number of
wealthy men have offered to give liberal endowments to the institution provided the Government will
assure its foundation and niaintenance.
Another evidence of the increased interest in higher education is seen in the agitation for an
improvement of the universities so as to provide for the education of a larger number of students and
for giving instruction in branches of learning demanded by the needs of the age. As a part of that
agitation Nature has recently compiled a series of statistics showing how far Great Britain is behind
the United States and Germany in the matter of university training. The figures show that in Great
Britain there is only one student in the universities for every 10,000 inhabitants, while Germany has
7.87 students and the United States no less than 12.76 students.
Reviewing the contrast between the United States and Great Britain more in detail, the writer
goes on to say: "In the older country there are but thirteen universities and twenty university col
leges, whereas in the United States there are 170 colleges with an endowment of over $100,000 and
forty-nine of these have endowments of over $500,000, while three of them have an endowment of
over $10,000,000. The total number pf professors and instructors in universities and colleges in
cluded in the li§Jr of the United States commission of education is 17,000, whereas the number of day
students imthe universities and university colleges of Great Britain is only about 20,500, so that there
are almost as many university teachers in the United States as there are university students in Great
Britain."
HIGHER EDUCATION IN BRITAIN
The find was made by Barnum
Brown of the museum and Professor L»ull
of Amherst College, who together did the
excavating. The head was discovered by
first earning upon one #f the horns pro
trudmg above the surface, on the banks
of a small branch of the Missouri, ab<v:t
125 mOes southwest of Miles City. Fol
lowing the clew of the protruding bit of
horn, the fossil experts carefully removed
and scraped away the sand till the whole
form and size of the specimen was clearly
outlined. The head lay flat, with the
horns pointing upward, just as he evi
dently sank helplessly in the mire and
-was covered up by Buccesslx-e layers mil
The restoration of the animal made by
C. H. Knight under the direction of Pro
fessor Osborn. which is here pictured,
gives a good idea of its peculiar head, as
well as the rest of its huge and wonderful
body. He was about twenty-five feet long,
twice the size of the bulk of a large ele
phant and weigtied ten tons and more.
The monster fed on leaves and plants
of the tropical vegetation which was
abundant in that region in his time, and
he wanted not a little for his sustenance.
For a day's rations he would consume
from. 200 to 500 pounds of these for food.
The conspicuous feature of triceratops
was his armored head. Over each eye
there grew a pair of sharp, massive
horns, pointing upward. The skull pro
jected backward over the neck and ended
in a sort of spreading frill. As a fighter
he must have been ferocious and practi
cally unconquerable. His powerful head
eeems to have been Intended for both
offense and defense. His legs were ex
tremely massive, necessary to sustain
such a weighty body.
ONE of the most remarkable and
noteworthy fossil finds yet re
ported on In this country or else
where has been recently made
by an expedition sen| out by the Ameri
can Museum of Natural History, planned
and directed by Professor Henry F. Os
toorn. head of the department of paleon
tology. The discovers' consists of un
earthing in the southeastern portion of
Montana almost the complete skull of the
huge exUnct monster known as tricera
tops. The giant creature's head measures
7*4 feet in length by 5Vi feet wide, making
it the worlds record-breaking specimen so
far obtained. Numerous smaller ones have
been found by Professor Marsh of Yale
arid others, but none equaling in dimen
sions or the same state of preservation
has been dug up. With the exception of a
portion of the two horns and a short sec
tion of the sr.out, the specimen Is com
plete. An Idea of the sixe of the mon
ster's head can be gleaned from the figure
of a man with outstretched hands, which
just about spars the two tips of the crea
tUTe's skull. The great head would easily
afford a dining board for twelve men to
gather around. The huge beast lived dur
ing the cretaceous period and age of rep
tiles, variously estimated to have been
from 3.000,000 to 10.000,000 years ago. As he
roamed the marshes and banks of the
great inland lake which in remote times
cpvered the State of Montana, and nearly
the whole of the section of country west
of the Rocky Mountain?, he was doubt
less the largest and most formidable beast
of his time.
An interesting competition Is to be car
ried out under the aegis of the Aeronaut
ical Society of Great Britain to ascertain
the maximum height to which it is pos
sible to fly kites. The trials will take
place on the Sussex downs. The contest
is of an- international character, so as to
obtain considerable data relative to the
utility of kites with which to attain high
altitudes. Ther^ is no stipulation regard
ing the size of the kites, but only single
kites must be employed and a height of
3000 feet is fixed as the minimum. The
duration of flight must be one hour. Each
kite will carry a weight of two pounds
to represent scientific Instruments. Sev
eral enthusiastic kite flyers, have decided
to participate in the contest. Various
materials in the manufacture of kites
will be employed. Most of them will be
made of canvas, but one will be flown
constructed of aluminum. This is a de
cided novelty, but it is anticipated that
it will work satisfactorily. The string
Is steel wire wound upon a big reel and
weighing fifteen pounds to the mile, bo
that at an elevation of 15,840 feet the kite
will have to support a weight of forty
five pounds. There will also be an exhi
bition flight by Patrick Alexander of al
most every kind of kite used by man, in
clusive of the Japanese and Chinese. In
the event of there being insufficient wind
to lift the kites from a stationary position
it Is proposed to employ motor cars to
give them a flying start in precisely tho
came manner in which a boy runs, drag
ging his kite behind him, in order to ob
tain sufficient atmospheric resistance to
cause the kite to rise.
The Investigation is now in progress in
Northern Florida and Southern Alabama
and Georgia under the direction of
Ernest A. Sterling. H. J. Tompkins, with
a email corps of assistants, has begun the
work in Minnesota. Wis., and Michigan.
Later in the season a study of forest
fires will be made on the Pacific Coast.
In connection with this detailed study
the agents will observe the methods of
fire protection practiced by railroads and
other owners of timber lands. p .The fire
warden system of the States which have
forest fire laws, and the patrol system in
use on the Federal forest reserves will
also be observed closely.
By such methods the Bureau of For
estry hopes to replace with carefully
gathered facts the vague general notions
that now exist about forest fires. When
the problem is solved for any particular
region the bureau will be ready to recom
mend methods of fire protection and con
trol for the private land-owner, and to
suggest forest fire legislation* for the
various States.
The Bureau of Forestry has this year
undertaken a thorough study of the for
est fire problem in several different re
gions. It has placed men in forest dis
tricts to study fires while in the process
of burning. Instead of waiting until the
flres ore over and relyir.gr for informa
tion on local reports, as has been done
heretofore, the fires are now being ob
served by the bureau's agents and full
data will be obtained as to how they
were caused, how fast they burn, what
conditions favor or hinder them, and Just
what damage they do to the soil anoi to
tree growth. Each agent of the bureau
has been assigned to a district and is in
vestigating all fires that occur within his
territory. For example, one man studies
a lumber tract, another a farming' dis
trict, a third a turpentine orchard, etc.
L<est year within two weeks over $12,
000,003 worth of timber and other property
was destroyed by forest fires in Oregon
and Washington. This enormous loss oc
curred upon a restricted area and rep
resents only a^very small part of the an
nual loss from this source. Every tim
bered region of the United"**6tates suffers
j - ear after year from fire. The annual
loss is estimated at from $23,000,000 to $50,
000.000. Forest fires have been regarded
as almost inevitable, and few systematic
attempts have been made to prevent or
control them except in tho States of
New York, Pennsylvania and Minnesota,
which have efficient systems of fire pro
tection.
• • •
lions of years ago. By a system of props
and by tunneling: around and under the
Immense fragile head, which In the mean
time had been rendered hard by chemi
cals and made secure by several coats of
plaster. It was crated and transported to
the railroad station, 185 miles away.
It is no easy task exhuming one of
these prehistoric monsters even after It
has been located. It required nearly four
weeks of skillful and patient labor to re
move and extract the head from Its bu
rial place In the sand strata. The irreat
skull was found intact, except as above
menUoned.
* In view of these large matters, of such supreme interest to us and the world, which Secretary
Hay has accomplished, it is merely amusing to read the attack made upon him and the President by
the Hearst papers in connection with the Jewish petition. While Mr. Hay is making prestige for his
country, those papers are trying to make capital for a party. Their attitude is an insult to every in"
telligent Jew in the country. They have, indeed, found here an open door to every opportunity of
life, and they are not to be led into a raid upon this Government nor this administration by the
young-man-stuck-on-himself. ,
. Russia seems to awaken slowly to things. A Perhaps her lack of alertness is due to her auto
cratic 1 form, which in its domestic administration takes its time, no matter who may be slaughtered
in Kishenev or starving in a dungeon or freezing in. North Siberia. So Russia pinched herself into
the conviction that she wanted all the trade of Manchuria, and that to open a door there to her com
mercial competitors would subject her to the 'inconvenience of working for commerce instead of seiz
ing by military force. Hence the proposition to limit entry of her ports to her own ships and active
preparations to permanently occupy Manchuria'. All of this was in violation of the open door agree
ment and of the convention which followed the occupation of Peking. But the other nations, except
Japan, were slow to anger at this bad faith. Actuated probably by commercial jealousy of the
United States, they seemed willing. to. permit the triumph of diplomatic lying for Russia's benefit,
that they might use her breach of agreement as an excuse for declaring the open-door convention ob
soleted for all because. violated by one. This put the United States in a most difficult position, cal
culated to try to the extreme the diplomatic genius of Seqretary Hay.
' It is gratifying to his countrymen' that he has won the most significant victory in the history
of diplomacy, and that Russia" has pledged to both this country and Japan to make no opposition to
the open door in Manchuria. It is gratifying that he won this for the world, for the nations that had
looked unmoved upon the aggressions of Russia/ and for the commerce of peoples whose govern
ments, instead of trying to correct Russia's attitude, were willing to use it as' a precedent in the in
terest of their own selfishness.
The appearance of the United States in world politics, under Mr. Hay's guidance, has been
conspicuously honorable. It has been attended by novel features. Fearing no one, able to take care
of ourselves against the world in arms, we have entered the larger sphere of influence and interests,
free of any need to use the methods of intrigue and indirection in our international affairs. Half
the foreign offices of the world are aghast at our frankness, and all the world is impressed by our
unselfishness, which improves an exclusive opportunity with Russia to secure a binding pledge of ben
efits which all nations share alike.
SECRETARY n HAY pioneered in the movement to commit the powers to the policy of an
i open door for trade in China. He succeeded. Then ensued a symptom of Russia's defection
Irom that agreement in the^'fprm of ;a ukase from the Czar proposing, at a date fixed, to limit
entry of Russian ports to Russian ships., Afthe.time we pointed out that this foreshadowed
Russia's 'intention to control .Chinese ports, and apply to them this limitation. It is entirely within
the powerof Russia to abrogate her commercial treaties and close her harbors to foreign merchant
men. That policy is like our regulation of our coastwise trade and trade between our own ports,
which we limit to American ships'. It is not a great stretch of policy from that to closing the ports
of a country to all but its own bottoms. It^vill be seen, then, that Secretary Hay had a timely vision
of the importance of 'the, Chinese trade and bound the commercial countries in an agreement that its
door should be open to all. The nations, after long discussion with our State Department, agreed
to this, and therefore each was bound to that policy within its zone of influence. 4
MR. HAY.S VICTORY
PREHISTORIC REMAINS
of 10,000,000 Years Ago
ARE FOUND IN MONTANA
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL.
JOHN D. SPKECKELS, Proprietor '. . -. . . .... . . . . . Address Commtmications to W, S. LEAKE, Manager
SUNDAY '. ...\^.....J. .....JULY 10. 1903,
Publication Office .....'. '-^iiBSSbv.' ••• Third and Market Streets, 8. P.
CHAMPION OF CARLYLE
in a British Review
DEFENDS PHILOSOPHER
a. _ , ¦
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JTJLT 19. 1903.
30
A23VXBTISE2IZ2fTS.
1 ALASKA
I Refrigerators
g Keep provisions longer
g: and use less ice than
cj: any other make.
3 tend for catalogue.
I W. W. MONTAGUE & CO.
i 309-317 Market St
ADVEBTISEMENTS. >«*»«-*«'*.
rk ROMANCE O P T H B O L D.WE8T £
PI H E||m llmll /&^K * IF 5 * ' i4*
Sfl By HA.KRY LEON WILSON / jjj
W' ¦•¦' AUTHOR OF "THE 8PENDERS" ; .j fitf
ffl THE BROOKLYN 8T. LOUIS REPUBLIC: Sj
hrt DAILY EAGLE: „_. , . . _, .^ 1 Jft
Hj»j Tha reader who begins 'Th* XJua ? <&>
$*n MI Tho Lions of ths Lord* h tn lav ef the Lord* will esiuialy fiaUh t ~ {•*
|WJ nrascly irapreasiv* ttoiy. Whhoat Then'* a trajtdr it th* elow, tb« fa»- O
)(TX affectation, without strain, without eari- cxorable tnjjtdy of Jo«l Rae's life, brt "« )T*\
n&) caturt, it affords a picture of tha flight thert't also oam of the prettiest of lov*. - ' H»
NjA into the wilderncsa, tad of the n>«o who • itory happy endbg*, in which a dashing * ' n5
O, eonTerted that flight into a porpcttful cowboy p!iys Young LoehlmaT ia a £*V
rX ¦ Bd mltlaMtel T- triul ?P h * Bt wnqaert. w« y to nuke yem wa?t to »*tap m> tad (JL)
ft^ .. which hat not hitherto been equalled." whoop borraha for Mm.~Tn« plot is M
KlX li admirably constructed, tad there U real V"!
V?Y & THE BOSTON vitality fa tie pecpl*." * &g£
rfe " Heretofore bo novel has dealt to tI- PHILA. PUBLIC LEDGER:
iJtft tally with the history, the acea**, and tha H Vn .
}Q( , characters of Monnonlsm, and no pred- Certainly macs, has Uen wrtttw i*. WK
l^fe «cej»or hit so clearly ttrack the k^ote P**™* *• Mona <> B »» b«no wrfcerfcaa £*J
fttf of Itt comedy a* well as its fearcom* be& * t * raed OBt » book wafcfc to eW- ! . Q
XTX tragedy. Joel Rae, th* hero, Uom dut "^ «nbh»a historical iccord wlfi» *
&) nay not toon be forgotten." well-willUn fiction." . ; O
m I LOTHROP PUBLISHING COMPANY, BOSTON &BAKERSFIELD, July 18.- Fireman
Vandever on the No. 7 Santa Fe train
was killed by jumping from the cab at
an early hour yesterday morning, just
before reaching the switch in Pisgough.
a small station between Ludlow and Bar
stow. .-,
Fireman Jumps and Is Killed.
MELBOURNE. Australia, July 13.— The
committee appointed to select the site for
the new capltol for the Federated Austra
lian States has recommended Tumut. New
South Wales, 2&4 miles southwest of
Sydney. Tumut is situated in a rich agri
cultural district "and in 1S99 had a popula
tion of 1300.
Capital for Australian States.
BERLIN, July 18.— Herr Moeller. the
Prussian Minister of Commerce, speaking
at'Mamburg, eald the artisans' calling was
not yet opt of date,- since man's skill
was the best means for meeting- foreign
and especially American and British com
petition. The government still entertain
ed the liveliest interest In the artisans.
It had sent commissions to America and
Great Britian to study their handicraft
methods and it had decided to send
another commission to the United States
in 1904.
Kaiser Interested in Artisans.
BERLIN. July 18.— The Tageblatfs cor
respondent at Kiel says the German East
Asiatic squadron will, In the course of the
year, be strengthened by three vessels,
the cruiser Sherber, the river gunboat
Tsing Tsau and the war vessel presented
to the government by German fleet so
cieties abroad. Other conditions will give
that station six new vessels, of which
number three will be detailed for service
on the Tangtse-Kiang.
German Fleet in the Orient.
The Tlvoll Opera-house is singularly
fortunate . in having Edwin Steveim and
his strong company in support and a long
run of the piece is assured.
It was thought for a long time that Miss
d'Arvllle's Intention of leaving the stage
was permanent and all lovers of music
were delighted when the announcement
ot her Intended reappearance .was made.
production in New. York,
LONDON. July 18.— Before leaving
Portsmouth the United States squadron,
which galled for Lisbon yesterday, waa
fully prepared to participate in the man
euver* In the Caribbean sea. After leav
ing Lisbon Admiral Cotton expect* to
go north for Eix weeks' target practice
in the Baltic sea, . ?.!• .•.*¦"<'-•
Squadron Beady for Maneuvers.
BERLIN, July 18.— Representative Bur
ton of Cleveland, Ohio, chairman of the
Rivers and ' Harbors Committee of the
House of Representatives, and Major
Frederick Mahan. retired, of the engineer
corps have arrived at Berlin and are
studying Germany'* canals, river Im
provements and harbors generally. Gen
eral Stewart. L. Woodford, has arrived
here. • "
Americans Study German Canals.
bridge crossing the Oder is threatened.
I^arge areas of Eridemost. Schrezau, Bo
bering and ether email towns are inun
dated, causing a number of fatalities.
German Hiver Causes Alarm.
GLOGUE, Germany. July 18.— The con
tinuotis rise of the Oder is causing the
greatest alarm. The entire portion of
Glogue In the neighborhood of the
cathrdral is submerged and the principal
To the Gla*»t Redwood Forest*, embracing
view* of bay and ocean be&ch. mountains and
vale, fcnd the picturesque "Russian River. Sun
day "trains via North Shore Railroad at 8 :00 a.
m Fare. $1.00 to $2.50 round, trip. Return
at 7:00 P- -n»- Grand scenic trip. Saturday
afternoon train at 3:15 p. m. Full particulars
at Ticket Office. 626 Market street. - • .
Scenic Day Trip
In the first week in May the tempera
ture ln some parts of India rose to 114
degrees in the shade.
of individual capitalists to meet obliga
tions on. underwritlngs and" to protect
property interests in need of working cap
ital are obvious in some conspicuous
cases and are commonly inferred in- oth
ers and are rumored with all degrees of
reliability and unreliability In others.
Wall street professes some anxiety over
the outcome of the corn crop on account
of its' lateness, and the settlement
of the basis of the coming year s
business in Iron and steel is eager
ly studied. , But there is little of
the week's settlement In the stock mar
ket to be traced to influences from the
outside business world. Reports of rail
road earnings and of current railroad
traffic are considered favorable. The
Wessure for loans and the rise in the in
terest rates, with the resulting liquidation
of marketable securities, are accepted as
evidence of the undue expansion of cred
its in enterprises, some of them unsound,
some of them overcapitalized,; some of
them ln too rapid an anticipation of fu
ture growth and some of them for neces
sary improvements and betterments to
accommodate present business, but the
capital needs for which had not been suf
ficiently allowed for.
The bond market was also weak, with
some recovery in sympathy with stocks.
United States bonds are all unchanged aa
compared with the closing call of last
week. * *
the dnamatic season. Her fine so
prano voice was never heard to better ad
vantage than ln the part of L*dy Con
stance Sinclair, a part in which she
scored so big a success ln tha original
'teyrtHE return of Camille d'Arville to
I the stage In the comic opera by
I Smith and De Koven. "The High-
wayman," is one of the events of
POPULAR SINGER WHO WILL BE HEARD IN "THE HIGHWAYMAN."
WHICH WILL BE PRODUCED AT THE TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE, BE
GINNING TO-MORROW NIGHT.
, That there has been liquidation by large
Institutions with a .view of ¦ employing
funds in the open money • market Is com
monly assumed in Wall street. The needs
CORN CROP CAUSES WORRY.
• The weakness which developed last
week in New York Central on the as
sumption that it needs for funds mus«
be met by some new capital issues, with
the dansrer of a repetition of the expe
rience met In the flotation of the new
Pennsylvania stock issue— spread general
ly throughout the district as it became
known that various railroad corporatldns
had Vlmilar need for funds, which' they
'were supplying by temporary loans, pay
ing high rates of interest rather than at
tempt to sell securities at a sacrifice in
the present unfavorable market. This was
not a strictly new situation, as it had
been known for some time that the roads
sharing in the new control of Hocking
Valley had given their names on a 6 per
cent basis. An extension of a maturing
service bond of the Burlington for two'
years on a 4 per cent basis was also a
plain symptom of the disinclination of
railroad corporations to attempt any
large new issues at this time. The vio
lent decline in Pennsylvania shares In
connection with the new Issue of stock
was a conclusive demonstration of the
unfit condition of the market to absorb
new Issues even of high grade and the
confession of newer Industrial issues, in
the market had been notorious for
months. Nevertheless acute uneasiness
over the money situation at present and
prospective was caused by the announce
ment that the Burlington had borrowed
$5,000,000 until next March and the Union
Pacific $10,000,000 for a year and a half on
a 6 per cent basis. Many rumors there
upon became current of large prospective
borrowings by various railroads and of
the conseauent inroads to be made upon
money supplies. The market took on a
tone of demoralization on Wednesday and
grave fears began to be felt of the
consequence of the shrinkage of
values. On that day the influential bank
ers in the Clearing-house also took
counsel among themselves and allowed
it to become known that careful Inves
tigation had assured them of the sound
ness of the banking situation and the
safety of the position of all city banks
and trust companies so far as they could
ascertain. The bankers were averse to
making formal announcement of the fact
until the result of such an investigation
on the ground that unfavorable influences
might b« drawn from Its being' thought
necessary to take such steps. But the
ground for confidence resulting from the
canvass was commonly known in the
financial district and had a notable effect
in reassuring sentiment. ( .
FOREIGN EXCHANGE MARKET.
Another fact that Wad a .strong effect
in restraining confidence was the sharp
response of the foreign exchange market
to tho rise In the domestic money mar
ket. The strength which has been main
tained in the exchange market and the
sustained outward movement of gold, in
view of the disparity in Interest rates,
had an effect abroad on the part of for
eign capital which gave small hope of re
lief for domestic money needs from that
source. But on Thursday there' was a
precipitate break in foreign exchange
which transformed the situation from
one of apprehension of further gold ex
ports to a prospect that gold could be
brought in on occasion of need. Foreign
banking houses offered large sums of
money in the New York market. It was
learned that a large proportion of the
Union Pacific and Burlington notes had
been taken by foreign capitalists. The
buying of stocks in the New York mar
ket for, foreign account was also said to
be on a liberal' scale, although this move
ment was more obscure, as the decline in
prices had been so much more rapid than
in London. Sales in London were cov
ered here at the decline.
The rally in the stpek market which re
sulted in the latter part of the week
wiped out a large portion of the earlier
losses and some of the active stocks were
lifted above last Saturday's level. Some
of the most sensational movements of the
week were in high-grade investment
stocks, which were largely traded in.
Some of these broke scores of points on
small transactions. The limited amount
of the sales and the quick . recovery in
such stocks on the purchase . of equally
small amounts precludes the idea of any
general liquidation going on in these prop
erties ... or any unfavorable ¦ developments
regarding the. properties themselves. The
marking : down of market prices of the
high-grade investment-, stocks and .of
mortgage bonds is a clear"intlmatiqn of
the general tendency to adjust prices to
the new interest basis, i With the prospect
of six per' cent interest rates for an in
definite period there is little inducement
to hold securities on a 3% or a 4 per cent
basis. . .' ¦».
NEW YORK CENTBAL.
NEW YORK, July 18.— To-day's trade
in the stock" market '"was dull and pro
fessional. The tone of the narrow specu
lation showed sentiment very doubtful
and hesitating. Stocks were sold early
in the day on the assumption that yester
day's upward movement had discounted
h favorable bank statement, so that no
further rise could be expected after Its
publication. There was a momentary
rally when the statement appeared, but
the selling was renewed and prices reced
ed" to a level substantially below last
night, closing dull and heavy, without any
rally. The gain in cash was almost twice
as much as had been anticipated, but the
small loan contraction was a disappoint
ment in view of the heavy liquidation in
the stock market. It was hoped that the
large portion of the week's railroad cor
poration loans, which were abroad and
the fact that the Pennsylvania Company
has begun the repayment of its six
months' notes, would result in a sub
stantial contraction of loan obligations.
The fact that the decrease only amounts
to $2,513,500, gave rise. to a supposition that
the banks have been putting out some re
newed loans on a large-scale to private
individuals with the proceeds of the
week's liquidation.
Pressure upon Amalgamated Copper was
renewed and Its decline of nearly 2 points
and the weakness of St. Paul and a 3
polnt drop in Consolidated Gas caused a
bad impression upon sentiment. Rock
Island was again forced down to yester
day's low level. New York Central was
supported and recorded a 1-polnt decline.
The Toledo. St. Louis and Western stock*
made sharp rallies from yesterday's vio
lent breaks. There was a large-belated de
cline in some of the active stocks, which
had not been traded in during the late
periods of reactio^The encouraged views
of business, expressed by weekly com
mercial reviews and the large percentage
of increase In gross earnings of railroads
according to latest reports, were ignored
in trading. Heavy liquidation in the stock,
market has been In progress during the"
week without any developments in the
general business and industrial situation
to adequately account for it.
Large Gain in Cash, but
Small Loan Contrac
tion Disappoints.
Selling Prices Recede
and Close Listless
and Heavy.
NEW YORK STOCK
MARKET DULL
A ; man ' from; Boston, -who had • only - a
week to : stay • ; in . California, ; spent four
days 'of; his time ' at . Hotel Vendome, " San
Jose,' Just to hear its "noted orchestra. If
there- were no other;' attractions .at } the
Vendome these skilled ' musicians would
make the "place "famous.- -Every* evening
crowds gather ; at the hotel ' to > hear the
soulful- harmonies. ¦•••; ..: _ , j. .;_ ..
The Charm of l&usic.
\. Since the destruction of tha printing
plant in ¦ Hoboken \ the - printing Is being
done abroad and immigrants ' are given
naturalization papers before they sail for
the United 8tates. Most of. the emigrants
holding these papers, who have been ap
prehended and deported, .were ignorant
and supposed that they were buying
something that mad« them bona fide cit
izens of -She United States.
f In addition to the naturalization .frauds
a i flood of s fraudulent passports . have
slipped through the lines <of officers at
seaports, whose duties are . to:keep out
undesirable visitors from abroad. . This
business has apparently been- carried on
in ; a-jough manner, the immigrants ; and
the siplers of bad passports evidently be
lieving It- an. easy; matter to deceive the
inspectors ' on this • side of the Atlantic.
Persons \ forty-five i years old have been
held up within the last week because they
have | had : passports I for . persons nineteen
or ' twenty; years • old.* :. Some, ; when ques
tioned as. to their names, have given
names; entirely different from r those on
the passport descriptions and many. other
things have failed to tally.
Five sets - of , fraudulent - naturalization
papers were found on passengers on *lhe
steamship Brandenburg at Baltimore yes
terday and all holders of papers were
ordered deported by Commissioner Sar
gent. • ' _ ,'
' The Government has a special board of
inquiry 'at work in Baltimore and thla
body discovered the frauds on the Brand
enburg. The board has learned that the
papers are obtainable in Vienna, Paris,
Berlin and all of the ' big continental
cities.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 O street, N. W
WASHINGTON. July 18.-The investiga
tion-belnj? made by immigration and
other authorities Into naturalization and
passport frauds proceeds. .This unlawful
practice has assumed alarming propor
tions. The Investigation In New York
City showed long ago that there was a
Hoboken printing office- in which natural
ization papers were turned out by whole
sale for the use by newly arrived aliens
to get work under the municipality and
on contracts . where only American citi
zens could be lawfully employed. It now
appears that ' similar papers arc being
manufactured abroad by wholesale and
that the frauds extend to all parts of
Europe. From all seaports at which im
migrants arrive reports are being re
ceived of seizure of scores of sets of these
papers. These reports are coming prin
cipally from New York, Philadelphia and
Baltimore. ', y
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Immigrants Are Made
Victims of Whole
sale Frauds.
BUY CERTIFICATES
OF CITIZENSHIP
THE SAN FKAKCISGO CALIi, SUNDAY, JULY 19, 1903.
Return to the Stage of the Favorite Song
stress After Seyeral Years! Absence >Will
Be Welcomed by Her Many -"Admirers
CAMILLE D'ARVILLE WILL SING
AT TIVOLI IN "THE HIGHWAYMAN"
31
§ j^^^ To Anticipate the |
g. J^^ Arrival of.... «
I Next Season's Suits J
I Rooffl=Making Sakl
1 , LAST AND GREATEST PRICE CUTTING. J
I i5Ostylish ALL WOOL'BLOUSE SUITS, formerly $12.50 CA QC gj
§ ?and $1500 each. REDUCED TO.... ....^t.^J |.
X 100 .BEAUTIFUL SUITS, richly trimmed plain and mixed «Q Q5 |
§ formerly $20.00, $22.50 and $25.00. REDUCED TO. $7^J |
S For other Suit reductions see windows. - / $
g HALF-PRICE SALE OF'CHILDREN'S CLOAKS $2.05. ?3,45. gj
g J?4.O5 ; regular prices $6.00 to $10.00 each. .. : g
t MISSES' SKIRTS, ages 10 to 14' years, less than half price. »1.45..-g :
r 92.45, $2.05; regular values $4.00 to $6.oo,each. . g
§ MJ42-II46 MARKET STREET' BET.; MASON AND TAYLOR, |
sej & ovx waffoa» «top ln front of your door, your neighbor* .^
know you pay cash for your furaiture.
GLOSING^ WEEK Or; THE GREAT I
As this week <lraws to a close the finish see supplement to tills a& H
"f this jrreat salo comes nearer. Big busi- &. to-day's Chronicle, to- H
tjpss mpkes big l«rp:tln» — that's why in sell- morrow's Examiner and h
ir.g these Oddp sud Ends at cost we are per- Tuesday's Bulletin. t£
f^^iy satisfied. POSITIVELY LAST OP I 1 1 |
TEIS 8AXE. ¦
Great Offering of 146 :./^'' |||ill||jj'li|\ I
. ODD TABLES. : ' /^rfe^f §
CEKTER TABLES— ¦ '. ". " l' ', Ml RT \<\ I
Round M'hg i*?destal, Cird*<y«, round seal- r/m . f/m "\ *
:V!?:..^::::::: $37.00 ! < r J ;! op . ;;;;;;; $5.7f Y/l f/i . r \ 1
Quartered O»k. easel . .O«!djti. <iak niuh. niqf / ¦ ilM ' / Wl 1
khape. 2 lower C17 nn thai.f . . .*. » Oft, '/B MUM I 1 I ¦
Fhelves J^li.lHI ...!?....; .....7 f Jl /¦ Ivf / At 1
HqUare Oak or M"h'g, Quartered- Oak.- 2Sx2S, /I \\M ' 1/ If |
1^-tn. top C|AA cittendB 1 to 45-tn. Cfi ftfi 11 - l\| • I 111 1
*l.VW /.... *0«U8 \V1 V^l u f f
"T.TBUATtT TABLXS-1. ' ' \\ ~ ' V\ [ l> // I
Quart pred Oak. 22x.1O. Quartered Oak directors' V\» \\ ¦ A /
with lower shelf. . Ci AA Uble. JfixSO C^n fn V\[ • \'l> ] //
M*h'«. jfixlrt. vith'-two Onltfco i'6a"k "*26x45 with \1 I X! " I i >i
eide drawers C*i ca larpo drawer Cll AA I 1 _T1 /'/ I
; *-*«)«- ,:..::..... wi'W' \l yrrT I I/i^c // '
Goidrn Oak. 24x36. nice-' " Qcartrred ' 'Oak. 22x30. r-fw I 7J|j|)- //
ly finlshe* t? 75 French Ie«* <7 K 4=k. I M'l *
: *£.I3 ....::t.. ( .i..:... I vjsal 3
, Ezrmrsfozr tables — . , ¦ I x fnnt^\ I
Golden Oak. >.ji:;u. . Golden Oak, xound^. 42- f ir^^M^ 1 I*
in. top'* ..„ *J.«7« I I 11 I M
Golden Oik. rmind. ' Geldrn Oak. square. A ' I \1 — -^ I
equate pedestal. Cli 7c epicndid nnish... til?: tfl - ' \ M
«Mn. *i^.lD ill. Id %JsT I ¦ z "
Antwerp Oalt. square- <5o5don Oak. square. / 1 Q
l :..J"! a : $27i9 ?*:*::?..::::: $14.25 // \\
rOLDING TABLES — . . . ... ; . li , J
Sewtngr table, yard tneas- <Card table, cloth top... ifsL?- H
ure *2~V» $3.25 W §
6ow!n« lap board.. 73e Hound marie, 30-inch ; . THIS TABLE— In birdseye |
llaple table. =7x32 f 2.23 mVaiid'ubU ¦.':.': $4*0 jnaple. golden oak or ma- I
hagrony finish; positively n
pood $3.50 value. jj»« «r B
_ J* .¦_ i^,^ Tne r* 181 of thl3 2)l.lD B
j^^^/^C^ZZ^^^s*. OO this aAsrazird hat e
/> *r ; /^—i-r: — ~~^.- x5^^. O«J BACK — 24 in. diameter: \
./fV/Zy^asg bevel edged French plato g
• JrKc Iy7^ ' [^ glass. 16x16; strong, or- B
n'^v^r ,// / viV, vi\. /o namental hooks; a* i aa 8
<hmW sW ' 7 : 50 ..? lu ;:.. onU -.HOO I
Mt\\\'tl ///'/ ,///\x£*&i OTHER HA1 HACKS. 1
" V&^/i //Y/' ' //// \££*\ Round. 16x18 in. plass.5fl.75 i
h^^i^I ///// ///v// ¦ lDJt&U Diamond shape. 12xl2..S3.2O «
' Q&&\ // '/////// UViTl Square corner. 12x20.. $3^5 1
lh vU\ - ///'V/ filWl Shield shape. 18x24. . ..$7.50 |
\ \ v\\ ,// / mWii Square corner. 16x28.. 57.50 B
V\V>4 // ' ll)\\vi Oblong. 18x40 $14.00 I
\>NS\ • // /AWJ H^- 1^ STAUDS from $4.50 I
\^ ::^S^«w<^ fc^S^llr ?H^" SEATS from Jlof5O J
|VVI\DOWSHADES5CJ I
Ready to hans . . «Jt)W B
• GftearEstiatUnnanythkd* w#-k B
BARGAINS! BARGAINS!! BARGAINS!!!!
ODD PARLOR PIECES. BEDHOOM ODDS AND ENDS. C:.i
These price* cannot positively be $35 Maple Suit, 3 pieces. CO3 Cfl ¦
duplicated this year: bevel edged mirror. >pCOtD\f H
SSO SoUtt Maborany Divan, C7O nn -.„ o , ./^j, U. _. S
hmyc'jffM.'....-..:***- **°, Selected Hardwood Suit, 3 1
825 3-Fiece Stlt, pood up- CIO QQ fen S> >rench plate « lass $28 00 9
- holstorinp Hnd finiFh •?**#. w - Uo " ip«v».vw g
' 9S fl^lT m v^kJ i^o^*'V^SO''' WOO Pull Qnitrtered Oak, toilet |
Sa^o^^SrvelouVsWat^QO- Sa'S^Fi&S! 'pTa^ C 1jS'4c* 1
back J6. without "back •P 3 -^ glass. 40x32 - P $149.75 §
S125 Lararo Library Davenport, ««««». ¦»«*»*. -r . n
quartered oak. finest leather, full $50 Solid Oak, 3 pieces, dresser ¦
tuftir.g ar.d springs CQfi ftfl serpentine front.' French *7C cn B
pi a te shaped glass. 24x30 I
GREAT CUT IN CARPETS AND RUGS, j
BIST EZTEA STTPEB XWGBAX2T 9x12 TTWO-SIDED BUGS — Artistic §
CARPET — Splendid new spring designs and splendid quality: 5
effects;" would cost yoa $1.00 In 515.00 values; this week. C1^ f\f\ B
the installment- combine HC* •pifi.VU fl
/stores — at Pattosiens for.. •"*' BEST EEUSSELS ETOS 9x12 18 ¦"
BKtrsSEI.3 CARPET — Exquisite' different styles; regular price 1
' new orilorings — 55c per yard Is- $35; this week only.... C07 Crt H
the price you would b£ asked in . '..' ' .) N
the installment combine "7Q C MADE-UP BtTOS— Made from rem- B
stores — Pattosien s price only nants of the most salable carpets, H
BECSSELS— lr. magnificent new in all sizes, from 6x9 to 9x12 feet, "g
sprins effects — would cost you . In all qualities. A g-obd Cin AA ¦
11.10 per yard in the installment 8:3x11 tapestry for .plV.W g
combine stores — Pattoslen's OC^,' 2^; <^ B
PATTfRTFN Pfl I
.CABPET— A wonderfully magni- I H I III ill III I II I I
ficect product— $1.65 in the in- X XI X X UMXXJXI UUn ¦
stallment combine stores— «| fcC ' .¦
Pattosiens price just ?*£? 16th and MlSSJOP StS. a
AD VEKTISEMEUTS. -^
IiWHITE HOUSE
WILL PLACE ON SALE MONDAY. JULY ,20th
$1.00 and $1.25- values : witi-be sold at 65G
$1.50 and $1.75 values will be sold at T5C
$2.00 and $2.50 values will be sold at $1.00
Black Fancy Merveilleux and Louisines
$2.00 and values at $1,00-$]. 25
- Parasolsat Less Than; Cost
•' ¦-•¦•¦.. «... . v . • * v " '"'•.--¦...1"
i ¦ ¦ T }¦'„ >;..-. .-,.-•' .-¦... . - .¦ : '
/ Cor.Post & Kearny Sts.
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
Oh All Boys', Youths' and
Misses' Shoes* '
Our Boys' and Youths* , .
"KAST^IRON"
SHOES
Built for Hard Wear
Are the Best in the Market for Durabili'y.
Big Reductions on Many lines o!
' Men's and Women's Shoes at
" Oyr 'Clearance Sale. "
oily ) f^TKe^i-^ditFiQAi^e [ j
For Comfort, For Looks. %
For Service, For $4.20;
Your choice of this Upholstered Rocker in either Golden Oak or Mahogan*
Ized Birch. Hand polished. Broad arms. Flattened oval spindles in high
back gives it a Colonial look and makes it a really restful rocker. Rich
velour on seat and head. We'll be pleased to show this rocker at $4-20.
— xieing tx.emincie&
,,«<^a^s?^^f™fff^^^iy you will likely come and get one of
r JTM!!» ft * uta^hl^a tVi Wlif'jlirgRg^ these tables now. If you wait till
v\\\ you must have such a one and pay
aW/B ™1| $2.50 or Ij.oo, you 're not likely to
ml m vl 19 be as wc " satsifiei3 as witn this one
T/ If li For $1.45
f! Hid ISiivl ..Golden Oak or Mahoganized Birch,
jr H'J til » \ 24x24 inch top; handy shelf adds to
8| P -vIAa strength and use. nice finish.
An Awkward Corner J*'l'\, k - L
may be transformed Into an attractive ' '-Jib" '•';¦• •>* J -T r .*''f .'¦
..part of the room with a jardiniere on a Jjabottrette l/Kp thi£\-
Solid polished golden oak, shaped top . for, SO CentsZ;'^* \
1 6xi 6 inch top, 20 inches high. Thoroughly well made^and looks it; 9pc. ; :
Everyday Needs in the Drapery Department.
$16 Silk Portieres Reduced to;$7.50 a. Pafr
Striking L' Art Nouveau' designs. Delicate shades and rich .' . " :
colors. Full size'; fringed ends. Ask to see them anyway. j
$9 Heavy Mercerized Portieres Reduced to 4.50
3 yards long,- heavy fringe, very pretty patterns, both sides.
Tek.pestryTek.ble Covers. 54in. sq.. for. 75 Cents
. -Oriental patterns, both sides. All colors. Heavy fringe.
Reduced from. $2.00; 75 cents whilethey last.
Closing Out 15c. SilkoLlirie for 7 i Cents /
. Best isc; grades, big variety of pattern and color— 7#c a yd. *
233 235 237 Post StreetBellboy Arrested on Suspicion.
EVERETT, Wash., July 18.— The Weyer
hauser syndicate has purchased 1470 acres of
timber land in Snohomish County, for which
it paid $88,740. -
First Congregational — Morning, ""Jesus'
Judgment of Men"; evening, "Frlendj of
Jesus." Pastor. Rev. George C. Adams.
Third -Congregational — Morning, "Ufa
Through Death and Death in Living"; even-
Ing. "Receiving • Christ," Rev. George H, da
First United Presbyterian — Morning, "The
Goodness of God": evening, "Thinking of
Christ." Pastor. Rev. H. H. Bell. '
Flm Unitarian — Morning. "Vacation Note*
in the Mountains." by the Rev. Mr. Hudson.
Rev. Father Stark. C. S. P..' will preach this
evening in St. Mary's (Paulist) Church.
Rev. Father Hickey will preach at the 10:30
o'clock mass this morning in St. Ignatius.
In the evening at vespers Rev. Father Calzia
will deliver the sermon.
Epworth M. E. — Morning, "God's PurpoM in
the Manifestation of His Saving, Power";
evening. "Three Kinds % at Hearers of th«
Word." Pastor, Rev. F. A. Keast.
First M. K. — Morninr. "Holy Communion
Suggesting Intimacy With Christ." Pastor,
Rev. Frank" K. Baker.
• Emanuel Evangelical — Morning, sermon by
the Rev. H. Cordes: evening. " Walking With
God." Pastor, Rev. f. W. Fischer. '
First English Lutheran — Morning, "The Ox
goad of Shamgar": evening, "A Genuine In
stance of Faith Cure." Pastor, Rev. E. Ne
lander.
The regular monthly programme of sa
cred music will be given at St. Dominic's
Church this evening, |jrhen the following
numbers will be rendered:
Organ solo, fantasia with chorale (Smart):
solo. "Be of Good Comfort" "Ruth" (Cotren),
Miss Camllle Frank; anthem. "Holy. Holy"
(Stewart); solo. "The Lord Is My Light"
(AUltsen). T. G. Elliott: organ solo, prelude In
C sharp minor (Rachmaninoff): solo, "I
Mourn as a Dove" "St. Peter" (Benedict). Mrs.
B. Apple; quartet. "Ave Maria" (Stewart);
solo and chorus "Agnus Del" "Mesae Solen
nelle" (Rosinl). Miss Ella V. McCloskey; at
benediction. "O Salutarls," (Gounod); "Tan
tum Ergo" (VI vet); organ postlude. "Marche
Religieuse" (Adam). Dr. H. J. Stewart, or
ganist and director of the choir. .
Services at other churches will be as
follows: vv?
Simpson Memorial M. E. — Mornlnir, ""What
Is Christian Love?": evening, "Religious Sug-
gestions From a Vacation Trip." Pastor, Rev.
John Stephens.
„ Howard-street M. E. — Mornlnw, "Dying to
Live"; evening, "Greatest Statement of Reve
lation." Pastor, A. C. Bane.
California-street M. E. — Morning. "He Careth
for You"; evening, "With God in the Moun
tains." Pastor, Rev. Clarence Re«d.
Reduced rate* on. household goods to A from
the East & South. Bektn'a, 11 Montgomery at.*
Dr. H. J. Stewart Will
Direct the Choir
To-Night
Wine manufacturers In Greece It Is said
purpose using barrels made of paper for
their wine. :_'¦.-¦
SACRED CONCERT
AT ST. DOMINIC'S
it is alleged, took from Mrs.
Brown's rooms clothing: and Jew
elry to the value of 5125. Mrs. Brown
said that Miss Root was a third cousin to
her husband and was In the habit of get
ting on a "jamboree." Detective Dlnan
was detailed on the case.
The camp has been prepared for the
coming of the soldiery by the usual ad
vance guard under Captain M. W. Simp
son and Lieutenant j Smiley. The camp
patiently awaits the arrival of the lads. It
is entirely in readiness and offers all the
comforts of camp life. The citizens of
Healdsburg will accord them a, most hos
pitable welcome, and if the week in camp
is not an enjoyable one it will be the fault
of the soldiers. The tents have all been
erected under shady madrono trees, which
will afford an abundant shade during the
day", and electric lights have been strung
throughout the camp to diffuse light after
nightfall. Telephones reaching to the
business center of Healdsburg have been
Installed for convenience, and the com
missary tents and stables for the twenty
five horses needed in the camp have been
erected, and the thousand and one de
tails necessary have been attended to.
SANTA ROSA, July 18.— The . various
companies of the Fifth Regiment,: Na
tional Guard of California, assembled late
to-night at Healdsburg 1 , where they will
go into camp for eight days' instruction.
The camp has been named Camp War
field, In honor of Brigadier General R. H.
Warfleld, commanding the . Second
Brigade. It is located at Matheson's
Grove, on the banks of Russian River.
' The companies from Oakland, San Jose,
Alameda and Livermore departed from
Ban Francisco on a special . boat at 7:30
to-night. A special train .of fifteen coaches
was waiting ¦ to [ transport the \ men from
Tiburon. Company I> of San Rafael, C
of Petaluma and E of Santa Rosa and H
of Napa were picked up en route, and the
arrival at Healdsburg was made shortly
after 10 o'clock. There are over 400 men
In camp, in additon to the officers. Com
pany H came over from Napa on the even
ing train, and was escorted from the
depot to the armory of CompanyE; where
a collation was served. This was much
appreciated by the visitors, who voted
the local company jolly good fellows. The
visitors took short strolls around the City
of Roses, and rested in the armory until
time to depart for the train to-night.
The special carried a happy crowd of
militiamen- to the camp, and it bias fair
to be the most Interesting and Instructive
one ever held by the Fifth Regiment. The
daily routine includes l.two drills each
morning, some in extended and / others
in close order. In addition there 'will be
a dress parade and guard mount, with a
retreat each evening during the encamp
ment. The camp will be broken next Sun
day evening, and the companies will be
returned to their respective places of
abode.
Pitches Tents in Matheson's Grove
Near Healdsburg.
REGIMENT IN CAMP.
San Diego on August 6,, for the loan of
two guns with which to flre sunrise and
sunset salutes.
The recent delay in transmitting pay
warrants to companies, which was charg
ed to slowness in the office of the adju
tant general, was caused by the docu
ments being "held up" in division, head
quarters.
. Trapper" ¦ Oil cure* rheumatism and ' neuralgia.
Druggists, 6O0 flask. Richard & Co., 108 Clajr. •
Fred Cox, a banker of Sacramento, Is at
the Grand. '
E. Welch, a merchant of Colusa, Is at
the Grand. ,
B. S. Hirsch, a merchant of Uklah, ia
at the Lick. \
J. Moyer, a mining man of Salt Lake, is
at the Grand. . '„
J. C. Ruddock, an attorney of Uklah, is
at the Grand. . .
. N. Carrnlchael, a mining man of Con
fidence, is at the Russ. . ,,
Dr.' G. W. Dufflcy and wife of Sacra
mento are at the Grand. '
L. B. Crow, a cattleman of ' Crows
Landing, is registered at the Lick.
T. J. White, owner of a ! large sawmill
nea^ Watsonville, Is at , the Grand. -
Rudolph Hering, a prominent civil en
gineer of New York, Is at the .Palace. >
J. Craig, proprietor of , the ..Highland
Springs Hotel, is stopping at the Grand. <
J. H. Yancey, a lumberman of New
man,-is among the latest arrivals at the
Lick. : ;¦ . < n -
Governor Odell of New York and -party
of eight are due here this morning from
the. north.
Harvey Marucchl, manager '-, of . the
Adams House In Denver, is registered at
the Occidental. _
C. M. Beldonj proprietor of the Ameri
can Hotel in Boston, and .wife are among
the latest arrivals at the Occidental.
Samuel N. Rucker, the well-known mer
chant of San Jose, returned last evening
from a visit * to ' the ' East and Is * regis
tered at the Palace. ¦ V •'•..
Judge G.I ,W; . Bartch , a m ember of ; the
State Supreme , Court; of 'Utah, -has been
a guest ; at the \ Palace I for . several 'daya.*
He came to . the coast i on ' mining business.
PERSONAL MENTION.
WASHINGTON. July 18.— The special report
of the treasury experts on their examination
of the affairs of Auditor Petty of the District
ef Columbia fixes the shortage In that office
for which James M. A. Watson, a clerk, is
now in jail, at $73,397.
Avoid imitations of Bank Stock paper. Hold
it to the light and *ee the watermark. •
The San Francisco Fire Department
Are now being supplied with Murine Eye
Remedy for use by th"e firemen after a
hot. smoky fire, as it so quickly, relieves
Bye pain and restores red, sore, inflamed
and faded Eyes to normal condition.
Murine aids those wearing glasses and is
a harmless and painless home Eye rem
edy. At Druggists and Opticians. •
PBESS CLTJB EXCUBSION
TO HOTEL DEL« MONTE
For its annual outing, this -year th<
Press Club of San Francisco has decidec
upon a trip to Del Monte, and arrange
ments have been perfected which Insun
a pleasant jaunt for the newspaper mer
and affiliated representatives of the:othei
professions. The club will go to De
Monte on August 1, leaving at 3 o'clocl
In the afternoon in special cars attache*
to the regular Monterey express. For thi
return trip on the evening- of August :
a special train will be provided.
On the evening of the club's arrival ai
Del. Monte an informal jinks "will tak<
place in the ballroom of Hotel del Monte
The Hawaiian Sextet will accompany th«
excursionists, and there will be an abun
dance of other attractions for the en
tertainment. The following day will b«
spent in sight seeing in the vicinity and
the entire party will take the seventeen
mile drive.
Annual Outing to Be Spent on the
Shores of Monterey •
Bay. m ;•;-¦'-': /
So great Trre the reductions at Kelly &
Liebes* removal sale that even New York
ladies take advantage of the low prices.
Last week a lady from New York stop
ping at the Palace Hotel bought $300
worth of suits and cloaks, admitting the
stock was not only as fine as in New
York, but also the prices being lower.
Commencing to-morrow 1000 crash skirts
worth $2.00 will be sold at 50c in connec
tion with the reduced prices in tailor
suits. 120 Kearny street. •
New York Ladies Buy Suits at Kelly
& Liebes'.
Police Judge Fritz held five defendants
to answer before the Superior court yes
terday. Donald McFadden^was held for
attempting to commit a criminal assault
upon Mrs. Annie Simmon, 941 Sixteenth
avenue. South, on October 20. His bonds
were fixed in $1000.
Joseph Reed and John Burns were held
on a charge of robbery in $2000 bonds each.
They were charged with holding up and
robbing Michael Swetz, a special watch
man living at 743 Bryant street, of 60 cents
and a knife on July 1.
Richard Fernandez and Andres Gomez
were held on a charge of grand larceny in
$2000 bonds each. They were charged with
tricking Candide Garatequi, who is em
ployed on the transport Thomas, out of a
lottery prize of $7500 last December. Fer
nandez sold him the ticket and told him it
had won a prize of S10.
FIVE DEFENDANTS
ABE HELD FOB TBIAL
Two cf Them Charged With Tricking
a Man Out of a Lottery
Prize.
Judge Cook will hold court to-morrow
morning for the first time since returning
from his vacation, when the case of Ber
nard Whitelaw, charged with robbery,
will come up. He is one of the three
thugs who brutally beat and robbed Mrs.
Emma V. Mathews at the home of her
daughter, Mrs. Ida Tuttle. 613 Haight
street, last March. Ruby and Bertha
Grills, two important witnesses, returned
from a visit to Oregon yesterday morning
to be in readiness for the triaL
The other two defendants, who will be
tried later, are Michael Nolan and John
Davis. Docia Nolan, who was the insti
gator of the plot to rob Mrs. Mathews,
¦was tried last month. Judge Burnett of
Santa. Rosa presiding, and was convicted
and sentenced to serve eight years in San
Quentin. Her attorney will endeavor to
get the Supreme Court to give her a new
trial.
One of Thugs Who Beat and Bobbed
Mrs. Mathews to Face
Jury.
GETTING BELflLDY'rOB
TRIAL OF WHTTELAW
THE Fifth Infantry Regiment of
the National Guard of California,
Colonel J. F. Hayes - commanding*
left last evening: by the California
j and Northwestern road for Camp
Warfleld at Healdsburg, for military in
struction for eight days. On the way up
the train took on the company at San
Rafael, the one at Petaluma and the one
at Santa Rosa. The ones that started
from Tiburon are' the two companies at
Oakland, the one infAlameda, the one in
Livermore and the one in- San Jose.
The rules issued for camp require that
there shall be three roll calls daily, reveil
le, retreat and tattoo.
Colonel Hayes, who but recently took
command of the regiment, has proven
himself a very energetic and enthusias
tic commander and it will be his aim
during camp to have the men under him
obtain as much military instruction as it
is possible to impart in the limited time
of camp life. From the routine of drill
it is apparent that there will be plenty of
practical work, j
Colonel Chadbourne (retired) will visit
the camp and be the special guest of Col
onel Hayes, who has secured a fine black
charger for the visitor's use.
Next Tuesday night there will be a
meeting of the board of officers of the
naval militia at this port for the purpose
of devising ways to secure a better at
tendance at drills by the enlisted men.
Commander Bauer will preside at an
election on July 28 on the Marion for
lieutenant, vice Leland, promoted.
Arrangements are being made to have
the division at. Santa Cruz come to this
city to take part in the "Army pa
rade August 18. , .
Reports from all divisions of the militia
have been received by Captain Nerney
and have been transmitted to headquar
ters at Sacramento.
Captain Nerney, commanding the naval
militia, has been asked by the Seventh
Infantry, which- is : to go into camp at
Resolved. That the members of Camp R»ln
hold Richter No. 127, Spanish-American War
.Veterans, do from this time forth exert them
selves, to the best of their ability, to prevent
desecration. In the future of Memorial day by
other societies, organizations or orders, and
we do hereby pledge ourselves as members of
Camp Reinhold Richter to do all in our power
to see that Memorial day Is properly observsd.
J. E. TREWIN
(Chairman),
H. T. SrME, *•
THOMAS W. COSTELLO.
The following 1 preamble and resolution
was adopted at the last held meeting: of
Camp Reinhold Richter of the , Spanish-
American War Veterans:
Whereas. Since the great Civil War of- '01
to '65, it has become the custom to set aside
May 30 of each year as a day for the purpose
of holcllns? memorial services for the orav*
men who had given their lives in defense of
tl'ls country in that war and other, conflicts In
v.-hich it has been engaged; and whereas, we
as Spanish-American War \'eterans and mem
bers Camp Reihnold Richter No. 127. Spanish-
American War Veterans, do think it fitting:,
proper and only just that such a day be ret
aside; and whereas, it has become noticeable
that the following organizations — Sons of St.
George, "Caledonian Club, Mail Clerks. Civil
Service Employes and numerous church*s —
have in the last few years so far forgotten
the real purpose and significance of Memorial
day services as to hold picnics, excursions and
outing* on that day, we feel, that as members
of Camp Reinhold Richter No. 127, Spantah-
American War Veterans, it Is our duty to en
ter protest against any such actions and en
deavor to prevent future desecration of Ihe
day we hold sacred; therefore, be it
Protest Against Picnics and Outings
on Date Sacred to Memory
of Soldier Dead.
AMERICAN WAE VETERANS
"UPHOLD MEMORIAL DAY
Gompanies.Composing Regi
ment Reach Gamp
. Warfield.
; Desertion is also charged in the suit for
divorce filed by Edward Bledsoe against
Clarissa Bledsoe.
Lila S. Martin is also tired of matri
mony, or rather of Charles M. Martin, to
whom she was married -at Westfleld, ,N.
J.,, in July, 1900. She alleees,.in a com
plaint for divorce that he deserted her
more than a year ago. •
Nellie: Hlggins is t/.so an abandoned
,wife according to a suit for divorce she
filed yesterday. She says that • Frederick
Hlggins, whose wife she became in this
city October 17, 1SS5, deserted her In Janu
ary.' 1897. . ,
The divorce law Is proving a very useful
statute to Perry B. Folsom. It has en
abled him to secure a severance of ' the
fetters that bound him to Mrs. Folsom
No. 1, and he is now seeking its aid to rid
j himself of No. 2. Yesterday he filed a suit
for the annulment of. his marriage to Isa
bel E. Folaom, his second x wife, on- the
ground that in his ignorance of the law
he married her before a year from the
time he secured, a divorce from his first
choice had elapsed. "
The second marriage took place at Sac
ramento April 24, 1900. He was divorced
from his first wife November 21, 1899. "He
says he did not discover that he should
( not have been in such a hurry In select
ing his first wife's successor until the first
of the present month, j The suit of yester
day is the result of his awakening.
Annie McCarthy has been married less
than two months, having b«come the wife
of William McCarthy May 20 last, but she
is already desirous of becoming a grass
widow. In a suit for divorce filed by her
yesterday she alleges that she has been
so brutally treated by her husband that
she fears for her life should she continue
to live with him longer. '
Pleads Ignorance as - Cause
of His Present
Difficulty.
Seeks for Second -Time
Severance of" Matri
monial Ties.
DIVORCE LAW
SUITS FOLSOM
FIFTH INFANTRY
PITCHES TENTS
AT HEALDSBURG
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 19, 1903.
COMMANDER OF FIFTH IN
FANTRY, NATIONAL, GUARD
OF CALIFORNIA.
Mrs. Hazel Brown, 3H O'Farrell street, a
chorus girl at Fischer's theater, secured a
warrant from Police Judge Cabaniss yes
terday, for the arrest of Miss May Root on
a charge of grand larceny. _ She said that
Miss -Root. went to her landlady on July
13, representing * that she was Mrs.
Brown's sister, and had been sent for the
latter's personal effects.. Miss, Root,
Police May Soot.
'The ; Golden -Gate Free .'Kindergarten
Normal School will open July 24. , Appli
cations may be made at 560 Union street.*
Frank Wise,' alias Harry Ives, was ar
rested yesterday afternoon by' Detective
Freel and Policeman Nye and locked up in
"the tanks," pending developments. He
had been employed as a bellboy at a
private -boarding house belonging to Mrs.
M. G. Wilson, 820 Bush street, but was
discharged a few days ago. Yesterday he
was found in one of the rooms and when
searched a ''Jimmy" was found in his
pockets and. anumber of pawn tickets for
jewelry and other articles.. He was one of
the bellboys arrested about a year ago for
stealing Jewelry from the rooms of Mrs.
Julius Kruttschnltt at the Hotel Richelieu,
Van Ness avenue.
32
ADVEHTXSX3QSNT&.
¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ - I ¦ ¦ « i ¦ »
Oriental Goods
At Wholesale Prices ;
We Offer Our Eatlxa Sztxa ria» Col-
lection at
Oriental Rugs
AND CURTAINS
At 25 Per Cent
i Discount from regular retail price*.
\ We are sole agent!" for
i JOHN CROSSLEY 4 SON'S
CELEBRATED ENGLISH CARPETS
Chas. M. Plain & Co.
Cor. 9th and Market Sts. i
•:•••• ¦»....>
To Our Customers and Friends:
• Fire In our repository at Market i
and Tenth streets tne morning o£
July 8 destroyed a portion at our
stock of vehicles. The main part
of our merchandise, however, . is
stored in our warehouse at Fifth .
and Klngr streets and is uninjured, i
All orders will be filled with usual .
- promptness and business will be con- i
ducted the same as heretofore. Our
repair shops in the new building
on Tenth street are not injured ana
our manufacturing and repairing
are being promptly attended to.
For the present we have opened a
temporary office at No. 1225 Market
street, between Ninth and . Tenth
streets. < Telephone Private. Ex-
change 634.
We thank our friends for the pat-«
ronage given us heretofore and re-
. spectfully solicit a continuance of
the same. _ . »
/RBOS.f)0MBVNY
HO. 1335 MAHaCET 8T»CTT.
EVERYWOMAN
• -*"^&s. " iatere * ted *»* should know
<*i^^^v. : about the wonderful
Sest-Safest-MostCorv
venicnt. ItQetaMi
Aik yoar 4raf {ttt (or ft. \> n£rL~ -^** _ **»—
M.1RVF.L, accept ao WM j>
other, bat send ttamp for fllus- ' vj '
trated book— tnoled. It rimfkn \k '-I-
psrticvlan and cllr^timn hiTaluM. cK'«# A
tolidie- ,JIABTH,CC. 'SJli'fu M
Room 203. Tunes Bdg., Knr Tort,
ATttTERTISEMENTS. ,,--,-,
This Week We Will Continue Our
QPpri AL
SEMI-ANNUAL SALE
- In All Departments, and Quote Prices
on the Following Few Items:
35 PIECES FRENCH SNOW FLAKE "VOILES,"
. These are in 9'dlfferent colorings, full 43 inches
. wide, and were Imported to sell at 85c gard.
Price now SOc yd,
25 PIECES GENUINE FRENCH CAMELS HAIR
PLAIDS, 48 inches wide, In a gool Yarletu of Pastel
s Colorjngs. . Price 50c yd.
¦ for $1.25 ud.
; . . 22 PIECES ALL-WOOL CHECK SUITINGS, tWO
tone color Comnlnatlons, Yern serviceable and stnllsh
goods*, . 60c yd.
.Regular value $1.50 ud.
ONECASE AMAZON CLOTH, 50 Inches wide, In '
Reds, Tans, Greens, Blues, Browns and. Modes.
Price Sl.00 yd.
50 PIECES MERCERIZED FIGURED COTTON
FOULARDS, 32 Inches wide, In light, medium and
. dark colorings. ;.v Price 15c yd.
Former price 20c and 25c nd. , , 0 '/^-
2 CASES GENUINE JAPANESE WASH CREPES,
, 30 Inches wide, all new strjles and warranted fast
colors. Price 20c yd.
100 PIECES FINE PRINTED DIMITIES In a
. Beautiful YarletD of colorings, such as Blues, Pinks,
Greens, Grans and Black and White. Price IOc yd.
Former price 15c and 25c.
2 ' CASES WHITE CALIFORNIA .BLANKETS,
slza suitable for tnree-auarter heds, In Pink and
Blue Borders. ( Price S3. 75 pair.
8 DOZEN GENUINE ENGLISH MOHAIR PETTI-
COATS, made with Spanish flounce and dust ruffle t
These are In Grans, .Tans, Light Blue and Green.
: Price S3.00 each.
Good value for $4.50.
111, il3, 115,117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Genuine
Alteration Sale
SUITS COATS
SKIRTS :-: WAISTS
Immense Reductions
SAME AS AT OUR ANN UAL SALE
We will occupy our entire build-
ing, four floors, as soon as alterations
are completed.
ARMAND CAILLEAU, INC.
II2-II4-II6 KEARNY STREET .
ADVERTISEMENTS. - _ --_
Clearance Sale of
Reliable floods.
A RARE OPPORTUNITY
TO SECURE HIGH-CLASS GOODS
AT SMALL COST.
Sale of Ladies' Shirt=Waist Suits.
Garments taken from our regular stock: some imported,
others of our own make, will be sacrificed at. positively
less than cost of manufacture.
Made of the following materials: Chambray. Silk-finish
Zephyr. Linen Crash, Galatea, Fancy Madras and Ging-
hams.
$6.00 and $5.00 tf^ f\(\ $5,50, $6.50, $7.50 tf 9 PA
SUITS. NOW.. *pj«UU SUITS, NOW.. $O.DU
$975 and $8.50 tf«C f\f\ $10.50, $12.75. $15 C7 CA
SUITS. NOW.. $D.\J\J SUITS. NOW.. 4>f .31/
Sale of Ladies' Waists.
$7.50 FRENCH C^'CA -$7.50 -PINEAP- tf^ flA
BATISTE, now. $<k.D\J PLECLOTH.now •pHk.UiJ
$8.50 IMPORTED WHITE $8.50 SILK tf«n fsf\
LAWN. «JC 7C PONGEE, now. vjO.UU
now $J.(J $I25O FRENCH
$xo.7S FRENCH tf^ 7c SILKBATISTE. tfJ7 7c
LAWN. now.... JO.f D now Qi.iJ
Sale of Ladies' Neckwear,
$1.75 VALUES, tf I An $1.50 VALUES. QfU
REDUCED TO REDUCED TO VUC
$2.00 VALUES. C1 OC $2-50 VALUES, tfi 7C
REDUCED TO 4>l.£u) REDUCED TO
Sale of Children's Dresses.
CHILDREN'S 2-PIECE SAILOR SUITS: made of
percale: white canvas shield and collar; effectively trimmed
with white stitching; sizes 4, 6, 8, 10, 12 and 14; former
price $1.50. ff-i f\f\
SALE PRICE #1.\J\J
918-922 Market Street.
Mall order* receive prompt attention.
Illustrated Catalogue free.
"But for her eyes I would not love
her — yes, for her two eyes." — "Love's
Labor's Lout."- ¦ •.
¦ The clear, lustrous eyes, sparkling
with health, is always attractive. On
the other hand, there ia' nothing: so
* forbidding as eyes that look out from
\ Inflamed, rough or swollen lids— eyes
that squint from narrow silts, sur-
rounded by wrinkles.
BUT WHY should there be any
such? Eye beauty meana eye health,
and eye health la easily attained. If
your eyes are not beautiful they
can be made so. Ask Geo. Mayerle
about them. . ;
German Eye- Water instantly re- j
ISeves all eye troubles. Price, SOc; i
by mall C2c. . ..
Mr. Geo. Mayerle — Dear Sir : Tour
eye water has entirely cured my eyes
after years of ' suffering. Tours re-
spectfully, Mrs. Ida. Labaner, Para-
dise Valley. Humboldt Co., Nev. ,
. .. GEO. MAYERLE."
1071 Market %i>, opp. Callaghan bldg.,
near 7th. Phone S. 573. • ..
r ADVEBTISEMENTS.
-jbs^Sflk Waist I
In «§lc TVJfl I f* III
' yj/ $SwW!i ' 1 w I II
Jit ' " :^fii^*^pP ¦ - - .- n accordance with our annual cus-\^\j
t [ri \ «. 2f torn, ¦ we have . thoroughly reviewed\WY
\C/ . •\ x ' J ysr : out Silk' Waist stock to ascertain V»a .
Cl " how. many odd Silk Waists have nc- N
II cumulated. We find about 250 High- \
U A Grade Silk Waists of various styles \
W /lil^^lliiSPW marked $6.00, $7.00, JS.00 and $10.00,
ft / igS^SSiSpiSlSif >"\ \V whlcn we desire to dispose of. Price
If a J^#s§3=3£32§£ J\i VvvW * 8 tiie movIn K factor. Embraced in
U ¦¦/¦"• tmra&raBSSw iBKh" \\ this assortment are PEAU DE SOIH
I / r>A MifrrrrMI W^^W WAISTS In black and many other
M -./ ¦ i^ jU; ; :i;jf:HjU? \lf/ fe~>* -Jff colors, made with four rows of clus-
11 : I .I! M-ijfP' 1 - Jf /CT7 I te r tucks and box plait in front, tai-
|l ' V. I f|: '-\\y A/fWj&Si 'V7l ior "titched . collars and cuffs to
I V^-fftl'rV i VMKr^ftfzi?/' match and snould er straps. All
I CHANGEABLE TAFFETA
II AWWl^, SLLK -WAISTS,. in black and col-
|i > 'iSHl l (P /r ors, wide plaited front, with large
j ; ' yfrXw. ' 11 ll /'I silk- crochet buttons,, faggoting and
p j . CBEPEDE 'CHINE WAISTS.
I ' " ¦. . ¦, :_, 4U . A n evening shades, with straight
I tucked yokes, trimmed with braid ornaments, hemstitching and fag- '
,-j : gotlng: AH Blzeg. • ,. . ,- •;;¦ ¦ . -, : ; , . , ... .
1 BLACK AND WHITE- SMALL CHECKED TAFFETA
1 WAISTS, stole effect.; All on sale at the low figure of 83.45 each. '
/. UNDER YALUESIN UNDERSKIRTS. UNPARALLELED RIBBON SALE.
Fancy, Madras Underskirts, In ' Hundreds of yards of the pre-
ahades'of tan." gray, blue and y&Hlng styles of ribbon, from 4"
I rose; Vmade: with .• two Ruffles . Jne iestSi^of^Se^cel !
¦ piped- In, white,:; finished In, per- Satin Ribbons, Dresden, Fancy
feet manner; r usually sold at. T i a ? et / a >, Fancy Plaid, Stripes,
\ - $1.25. On saleat 75c each. SS^SSft
I ' - ' :" '¦-'• ¦ *• ¦¦ '¦'-¦' • . the remarkably low nrice of-
CHILDREN'S COATS. 38c t y^
I Peter -< Thompson "coats In BhLT BAnuAINSi
I -blue;; also -an - assortment.: of " Black and Colored Peau de> Sol«
I Children's Navy Cloth Jackets.; Belts,. White Pique Belts
I . with fancy capes; piped In. light "White - Cheviot Belts. Black
I * blue silk and trimmed with gold : Satin 'Belts and "many other
I buttons; worth' from $7.60 to styles. Former prices > 35c 50c.
J. ;.- $10.00. « Sale price,! $5iOO. each. 75c. Sale price, each."
M W* Sktt/is & Co j
I AGENTS TOR ROYAL WORCESTER CORSETS.THE fiftieth, anniversary of the
founding -of . the Young Men's
Christian J Association In San
. Francisco was fittingly celebrated
. last evening by a banquet held at
the California Hotel, the event bringing
the jubilee week to a close.
About 200 ladles and gentlemen gathered
at the festive board and~ discussed an ;
elaborate menu and then listened to a
feast of oratory. ' .
The banquet room was tastefully deco
rated with flags and flowers, and a choice
selection of music was rendered during
the dinner. ¦ ¦
President Rolla V. Watt was chairman
and in felicitous terms he Introduced the
PROMINENT CHRISTIANS WHO
MADE ADDRESSES AT THE T.
M. C. A/ BANQUET.
New k, and ,- second-hand : school book's
bought, sold, and exchanged. > King- Bros
3 Fourth street. Phone Red 6813. - •*'
Save Honey.
J. August -Yetterberg, 63 Surrey street
who swore out a warrant on Friday for
the arrest -of his divorced wife, Ida Thbrn
qulst,-on a charge of grand, larceny for
having stolen ,$520 from - his trunk ex
perienced a change of heart yesterday and
informed the police. that the woman 'was
Innocent. She had been arrested but
when .the; facts were made known to
Police, Judge Cabaniss, she was released in
open .court on her own recognizance < and
the case will be dismissed to-morow
Woman Wrongfully Accused.
Boadecia Circle of the Druidesses was
to have given a social last night, but ow
ing to the sudden death of Senator George
H. '/Williams, ; husband J of Mrs. j Frances J.
Williams,".* prominent member of the cir
cle, \$he* dance* was -postponed for two
weeks. . ... ,
Social ¦ Postponed.
Rjun Down by Automobile.
' Ray^ Doney, - an employe of > the ¦ Palace
Hotel, met t with a painful accident yester
day ; afternoon on -.'Golden ' Gate avenue.
While '.riding to work: on^ his bicycle he
was . run ; Into by an automobile in front
cfithe Natiinal Automobile Company's
station." He was knocked from hla wheel
and : rendered r unconscious for, nearly two
hours. :l'hat he was ¦ not , more seriously
Injured is attriouted toithe fact that tha
street .is slippery and" when - he fell he
slid along' the surface ,• for some distance.
Visitors can board ship by Tucker** and
McNelll's , launches 'only. ""- Clay - street
wharf, 1 to 5 p. m. daily. Tickets 50 cents."
French .Cruiser Protet.
An outbound Mission street car ran into
a street sweeping machine , at Eighth
street between 1 and 2 o'clock yesterday
ir-;jHng. The machine was damaged and
the driver," W.* C. . Knapp. was thrown
from his seat to the ground, ' sustaining
abrasions of . the forehead and left eye
brow. " Knapp was taken to the Central
Emergency Hospital and the motorman of
the car.S.. T. Royalty, was arrested by
Policeman Hobi on a charge of battery
Royalty -appeared before Police Judge
Cabaniss yesterday and the case was con
tinued till July 23. 4 v.
Car Collides With Machine.
The Santa Fe has on sale a special cou
pon ticket, which includes rail and stage
fare, hotel bills en route and accommoda
tions in the valley at Camp Curry, for a
complete trip of five, seven or ten days
as follows: Five-day trip, 537.50; seven
days, $41.50; ten days, $fc.50. Make your
reservations early. Full Information and
folders at 641 Market street, Santa Fe of
flce. . •
A Very. Low Rate Established by the
Santa Fe.
YOSEMITE VALLEY.
Last nisht ended her engagement at
the Orpheum and. her next point on the
circuit beins Los Angeles, Miss Leavey
decided to send her baby and nurse south
In advance. In order that the latter would
be able to travel more comfortably on
the night train. One of the tickets, pur
chased in Chicago, was given to the
maid, but when the train had started on
its way" the ticket agent, whose duty it
is to ¦ ko through the .train and Inspect
the tickets, refused to accept the one
presented by. the maid because it was
not signed by her. The woman insisted
that it was her property and explained
how it came to bear the - signature • of
her mistress, but the train agent was not
satisfied, and against all protests of the
maid and sympathizing: passengers, who
keenly appreciated .the predicament of th©
unfortunate woman, she was ordered off
the train when it stopped at Port Costa.
! The ' maid, being a stranger in Califor
nia and alone in Port Costa, was for a
time In a high nervous state bordering
on hysteria, and it was her : pitiable plight
that appealed to several persons at the
station, who finally, comforted her with
the assurance that she would be able
to return to San Francisco later In " the
evening, which she did. arriving at the
apartments of her mistress at.the Palace
Hotel shortly before the return from the
theater of Miss Leavey, who then learned
for the first time of the trouble that had
been experienced by her maid.
Because her overland ticket failed to
establish her identity to the satisfaction
of the conductor in charge, of the train
a woman, having: in charge a three-year
old child, was put off the south-bound
overland last evening at Port Costa and,
finally realizing her helplessness, several
persons at the gloomy little station took
her and the child In charge and sent them
back to this city on a later train.
The unfortunate woman is the maid of
Miss Ethel Leavey, an actress whose real
name Is Mrs. George W. Cohan, now
playing at the Orpheum. and who Is also
the '.parent of the child. Mother, child
and ' maid recently came here from Chi
cago, where Miss Leavey. purchased tick
ets for herself and her maid and, com
plying with the requirements of the trans
portation companies, she signed both
tickets.
Servant and Infant Suf
• fer Hardship at
Port Costa.
MA ID CHILD
PUT OFF TRAIN
Mr. Axman explains that delay in the
work upon the channel t has been occa
sioned by many causes. The sub-contrac
tor was hindered In completing the bulk
head because of the Interference of the
Plledrivers* Union. Then there was a
spell of unusually stormy weather between
May 14 and May 22, inclusive. The gales
wrecked the bulkhead and prevented the
operation. of the towboat. "As soon as my
plant is again ready for operation," says
Mr." Axman, "I will resume the work of
dredging San Pablo Bay more vigorously
than ever." •
Rudolf Axman says that he will resume
dredging on the flat in San Pablo Bay to
make a deep-water channel to the Mare
Island Navy-yard. He explains , that his
dredger was removed from the flat that
machinery may be added to his plant. A
floating spud and other appliances were
found to be needed. -The dredger was
taken away on June 23, and Colonel
Heuer, United States Engineer, was noti
fied of the removal. A barge was anchor
ed in the channel in San Pablo Bay where
work had been performed, and also other
parts ¦ of the plant, including barges,
dolphins, chains, anchors, etc.
Says He Suspended Operations in
San Pablo Bay to Add to
His Facilities.
AXMAN WILL BESUME
DREDGING THE CHANNEL
He made a promise to Z.-T. Gilpln, the
Republican nominee, that - he would ' not
The first entry into' political % ' life * of
Major Tompkins was In 1888, when he was
induced ' to accept the Republican nomina
tion for City Marshal and Superintendent
of Streets. He was elected and! held of
fice several- terms. When, the new- Oak
land charter was adopted. that office wai
abolished. There was a political upheaval
at that time. and the Citizens' Party was
formed and Major Tompkins was given
the' nomination of. City. Treasurer.7. -.4
-He Is also a trained athlete,. and when
it was proposed to form an athletic dub
In Oakland' Major '- Tompkins ; and - R< -. M.
Fitzgerald, present Prison' Commissioner,
were the leading spirits.- The "Reliance
Athletic Club was the result of their work
and the only Presidents that this club has
had have been John W.. Tompkins and R/
M. Fitzgerald.' '";¦ ' , .
Major Tompklna* knowledge of military
affairs was complete, and thorough. When
It was proposed that a political military
organization be formed In Oakland Major
Tompkins Interested himself. : and .for
years he was the commanding officer of
the Republican Alliance, j His knowledge
of military 'affairs did much to bring this
organization ' to the front as the loading
marching political club of . the. State. '
LEADS ATHLETIC : CLUB;
Major John W. Tompkins has long been
an active factor In the political, life ij of
Oakland as well as in social and club
affairs. He came to Oakland from New
York twenty-five years ago, in which State
he earned his title in the State military.
He tried mining for a short time in Ne
vada, and then settled down "in Oakland
with his mother. Major Tompkins Is a
man of refinement, and soon made' for
himself many friends. He became a
member of the Athenian Club and did
much to help that organization along
during the early days of Its existance.
In those days all of the .political,- social
and commercial life of Oakland. centered
around the Athenian Club, and Major
Tompkins was one of the leaders. Being
a man of many accomplishments; he at
tracted, to him many men who' have since
become prominent in State and national
affairs. • . . ¦ ". . - '.'/./*'
It is hardly right to say that the Governor
ever objected to Major Tompkins 1 selection.
When It was suggested, some weeks ago, that
Tompkins was the right man for the place
the Governor did not approve the suggestion.
Early this week It was signified to the direct
ors that the Governor had withdrawn his want
q{ approval.
Tomrklnt was supported by Victor H.. Met
calf Frank Leach, Superintendent of the Mint,
and many other prominent men-. The direct
ors. In sizing up the several aspirants, were
Impressed with the strength and capability of
Tompkins.' The only objection was to the ef
fect that he was Inclined to be autocratic."
Senator Felton was asked when and
in what manner Governor Pardee signi
fied to the Directors that he had with
drawn his objections to the appointment
of Major Tompkins. The Senator replied:
GOVERNOR'S OBJECTION.
My associates on the board were of the
opinion that he could not acquire a sufficient
knowledge of the details of the work and
obtain a complete Inventory of prison property
by August 1. After listening to the state
ments of fellow directors I acquiesced In their
judgment.
ceed Mr. Aguirre, and he will be appointed,
perhaps at the next meeting of the board at
Folcom. He will not take charge of affairs
until September 1, but will go to the prison
next Monday and begin the task of making
himself familiar with the dutiec and respon
sibilities of the poEltlon. He will. In a sense.
ko to school for six weeks. It was my judg
ment. exDressed at the' meeting- to-day, that
he should begin his official career as War
den on Aucunt 1.
He said that the association had secured
lucrative positions for many of Its. mem
bers and It furnished education to- those
whose -education- had, very _ often been
neglected. In closing his address the
speaker showed that endowments of edu
catlonalfcenters of a similar character In
other, cities, were --very large and he made
an urgent -plea for. an endowment of
$100,000 to carry on the educational work
which the public schools did not furnish.
Dr.- -Hartland Law responded to the
toast, "The .Value of a Boy"; Rev., John
Hemphilltook for his subject. "What We
Represent" : -D. . Edward Collins sooke on
"California" and Secretary Henry J. Me-'
Coy outlined . the future work of the as
sociation and what : it ' hoped : to achieve,
his subject' being "What Next?"
. The evening closed with prayer offered
by Rev.W. C^Pond, D.D., who was pres
ent > at I the organization ? of the associa
tion on . July 18, 1S33.
NEEDS AN- ENDOWMENT.
The speaker recounted how he had
signed the application of two young la
dies who desired to use the gymnasium,
and he predicted that the young men's
association would possibly have to take
care of the young members of the oppo
site sex.alao. '. .
Edward Coleman. who donated more
than $12,000 to the fund to raise the mort
gage on the building of the association,
answered to. the toast, "A Business Man's
Estimate."- He. said .that .from his per
sonal experience, of many years the
Young Men's Christian Association had
exerted a great moral influence over the
young. men of the city. Business men
realized .that- young men .must have
amusements and companions and In the
rooms of, the association the young men
were free from evil surroundings. The
men who founded the association and
who were at the head of it were charac
ter builders i and would : always receive
the support of- the business community.
William Cleaver, general secretary of
the. Los- Angeles Association, responded
to the toast "Greetings from the South
land,'' and he extended a 'hearty congrat
ulation from the sister organization to
those who ! were . celebrating the golden
jubilee of the. San Francisco association.
A. A. Macurda spoke on "The Practical
Education of Young Men and Boys." He
detailed the various branches of techni
cal education carried on by the associa
tion and' presented statistics showing how
many young ' men had benefited - by the
work. :
GBEETINGS FROM SOUTH.
OAKLAND MAN WHO HAS !
BEEN SELECTED TO SUC- J
CEED WARDEN AGUIRRE. |
I SKort speeches of congratulation : were
then ¦" made '.by. H. L#. .^Chamberlain, presi
dent of. the San • Francisco -Association - in
1864 and 18B5;"WillIam Cubery; president
in' 1865 and 1866;- Samuel' Irvlne,'-«president
In .1866 ! and. 1867, and Elijah .Clpugh, 1 ; llbra
rlan and .general ; manager^ in 1868.-. These
gentlemen - recounted;; the:, early/" work /of
the, association-. and; spoke' of the good
work achieved.; : r , • -
"' 'A,'.* P. ; ' Black responded • to,' the ; toast of
"Retrospect.".- Hebriefly. covered the his
tory of the , association and l - recounted , its
struggles '. for; existence. v . He '. detailed \ his
personal : experiences "of coming, to ; San
Francisco in 1882 and the kindly reception
given ' him ; by, Henry; J.i McCoy , secretary
of organization, 'j He • recounted • the
events , of o the ; last - ten , years and : closed
with . a ~of • the "'scene"' when
"President : ; Roosevelt, -on'- May . :12; ? last,'
burned the ; mortgage * on • the : association's
McCoy San . Francisco . (for ' Young Men's
Christian Association)— I rejoice i with . you I all
on your jubilee and thank God. for, young men
brought to the Savlbr. through* your work.
May, the Lord encourage all. your hearts to go
forward.' f With loving • greetings. •' ¦ ¦ •* : - i
TELLS ' OF/ PAST " AND V FX7TUB,E.
A cablegram from Sir . George -Williams
of London; England, president of the in
ternational organization; who ' established
the first association in 1844,. was then read
amid loud cheering. . The cablegram ;was
asfollows: = - ' /¦ • !
Toastmaster Watt then' read \ letters
from '¦ Bishop Nichols, Mrs. John F. Mer
rill. | Chairman D. E. Collins of the. State
committee, George ' Sutherland, acting
State secretary; Walter C. -Douglas of
Philadelphia' and Richard C Morse, gen
eral secretary of (the international com
mittee, 'in- which, the! ..writers extended
congratulations -to the local, association
on, its jubilee. • • ,:•..- ; s "i
FOUNDER SENDS MESSAGE.
FIFTY YEARS AGO.
Monday Evening. Juiy," 18. i 853. —A meeting
was held in the Pine-Htreet Baptist Church for
the purpose of organizing an association- to De
called "The Young Men's Christian Associa-
Mr. Frederick S. Hawley was chosen chair
man George H. Kellogg secretary. Prayer
was offered by the Rev. T. D. Hunt.
Mr F. S. Rising then v stated the object of
the proposed • association— to be the moral ami
mental improvement of young men, and to en
courage among them a pleasant and profitable
'social intercourse, having also connected with
it a library of religiouc,- moral and scientific
works, a reading-room, and moved .the follow
ing preamble.be adopted: \ ¦
"We the undersigned, anxious to advance
the cause of Christ and to promote a spirit of
religious inquiry, exalted piety and Christian
fellowship ameng the young men of Califor
nia, do hereby agree to form ourselves into an
association for the . furtherance of these ob
jects, and do promise to obey the constitution
which we. In assembly may hereafter- think
proper to adopt/'. •• ¦
The motion was carried 'and sixty- four sig
natures appended. • • ¦
Mr. E. B. Benjamin then moved that a com
mittee of Hve persons be appointed to draft a
constitution, which • was amended "that the
committee be composed of one' person from
ench denomination in the city": amendment
lost and [ original • motion ¦ withdrawn. ' ! Where
upon it was moved that- "said committee con
sist of one person from each denomination of
those who have signed the. preamble, and that
each denomination nominate one of. Its number.
The following were chosen: ¦ Presbyterian, 1 W.
K Osborn: .Congregational. Abel Whitton;
Episcopal. F.' 8. Rising: Baptist, J. P. Cogs
well; Methodist Episcopal, John H. Stout: Uni
tarian. Thomas C. Spear, and requested to re
port one week hence.
Moved that notice . of. this meeting , be pub
lished In one. or .more of the dally papers.
Closed with prayer by. Rev. Isaac Owen.
' Adjourned to irfeet I Monday evening, July 25,
in Presbyterian Church, "Stockton street. - ¦ •
(Signed) GEORGE H. KELLOGG, Sec'y.
-In making a brief address of .welcome
to the guests. President' Watt said that a
golden Jubilee was a unique event. in Cali
fornia and it marked a significant epoch.-
He spoke of the great- needs of the asso
ciation when it was founded : in 1853 . and
referred in glowing terms to the, work it
had accomplished- during its existence...'
Charles A. Maydwell, recording, secre
tary of the present board of directors,
was then Introduced ttnd he. read the
minutes of the first meeting of the asso
ciation, held on July IS, 1853. '
The record of the. first meeting of the
association Is as follows:
arious speakers of the evening.
Rev. George C. Adams spoke on the
subject of "Prospect," He said that there
was a wide future for the association
and that its members 'would not stop at
the golden jubilee but would reach out
for wider fields. He said that there was
great need of a boys' building and that
the mothers of thousands of boys looked
to the association with kind thoughts, for
it had taken hold of boys at a moment
when they were too young to be kept at
home and '• were surrounded by dangers
when allowed to roam at will.
building, leaving the institution free from
debt. ' • ¦ :
We decided by uatnlmow vote that Major
TonaUOcs ebould be appointed Warden to euc-
Director Felton presented the sugges
tion that Camain Edgar should be ap
pointed, as acting or temporary' Warden,
but it was not received with favor.' The
r.aroes of Thomas Gibson and John W.
Tompkins were then presented. The vote
in favor of Maior Tompkins was unani
mous. Then it was determined that he
should not take the offlce until Septem
ber 1. Director Felton suggested that the
change of management at San Quentin
take effect Aurust L After the meeting
Mr. Felton said:
FELTON'S SUGGESTION.
It transpires that the first question con
sidered in the executive session of the
beard was whether Immediate action
should be taken In the selection of a
Warden to succeed Martin AguUre. The
decision was quickly made In' the affirm
ative. No oroposition for further delay
¦was presented. No request was made for
postponement until Director Devlin's ' re
turn from Europe. It was the Judgment
of th«» four Directors present that the
time had arrived for decisive action.
"Recently the Governor has signified his
willingness to withdraw his objections to
Major Tompklns, and as a result the
board has become a unit for its first
choice and agreed to his appointment to
the position of Warden at San Quentin.
"The date of September 1 for the as
eutnption of his duties has been fixed to
allow the retiring- VTarden ample time to
close his accounts, -nak<? proper Invento
ries and tu-n over the affairs of the
prlfon in good shape to his successor."
The meeting was he'.d In the office of Di
rector Fitzgerald, at 530 California street.
Those present were Directors Robert M.
Fitzgerald. James M. Wllklns, Charles N.
Folton and Don Ray. The other member
of the board, Robert T. Devlin, is at pres
ent traveling: in Europe.
'•His appointment was not made before
because Governor Pardee raised an objec
tion to him. What this objection was I
prefer to have the Governor state. I will
say that It was not based on political
grounds and had nothing to do with
T.ompkins' private character.
GOVERNOR OBJECTS.
"The board desires to announce," he
Raid, "that Major Tompkins has all along
been the first choice of its members, and
without any disparagement to the other
candidates mentioned in connection with
the office it has considered him best fitted
to fill the duties of the position.
Senator Charles N. Felton. another of
the directors, then took up the burden of
the talk. speaking for and In the presence
of the three other Directors.
"The Uoard of Prison Directors," he
paid, "has informally determined that
Nathan Tornpkins of Oakland shall be the
next Warden at San Quentin, to succeed
Martin Aguirre. The formal election will
take place at the next regular meeting of
the board, when a clerk will be present to
record our proceedings. The new Warden
will resume his duties on September 1 of
this year."
Director Fitzgerald acted as first spokes
man for the board.
TELLS OF SELECTION.
enother half hour the door was thrown
open and the members of the press were
invited in and given a statement of the
eclection.
at San Quentin prison Major John
W. Tompkins of Oakland. No formal
election took place, but It was announced
at the close of the conference that Major
Tompkins was the unanimous choice of
the four members of the board present
ar.d that his election would be formally
consummated at the next regular meet-
Ing- of the board.
Apparently the selection was cut and
dried, as the new appointee was conve
niently cached in the neighborhood. After
the board had remained in executive ses-
Fion for about an hour a"nd a half Di
rector Fitzgerald emerged from the room
and attached himself to a telephone for a
moment. Shortly thereafter Major Tomp
kir.s appeared on the scene and after a
phort wait was ushered into the office
•where the directors were meeting. After
AFTER a session lasting nearly two
hours the Board of Prison Direct
ors yesterday determined to se
lect for th© position of Warden
He married the only daughter of the late
John Allman, the pioneer stago man of
California, several years ago. He is a
man of the highest integrity and possesses
great executive ability.
Major Tompkins was chosen the first
Chief of Police of Oakland under the new
charter, R. M. Fitzgerald being a member
of the Police and Fire Commission, which
appointed him. He served for one term in
that capacity and was then elected City
Clerk, from which place he was deposed
two years ago.
oppose him and he kept his word, resign
ing his nomination. Mr. Gilpln was the
only Republican elected that year, and had
Major Tompkins kept the nomination
given him he 'would, have been elected.
But Major Tompkins thought more "of his
promise than of the election and he kept
the promise at the expense of bis political
success. i ,
The time of the murder or -suicide is
fixed by "the . testimony of A Mrs. Charles
Wilson, who lives in a house on the side
of the barn on »which the. body was found
while. Mrs.' Annie E.. Wilson. lives on the
other side of it. : - ;; - .
""I thought I heard. two shots fired last
night about ; 8. o'clock.", said Mrs. Wilson.
"I said to my;, husband,:. 'Did: you hear
that?' and • when he asked me what I was
talking about,"? I. told 'him; I thought there
was some shooting' going on | outside." But
he, attributed .'It *; to, my: imagination.'; not
having .: heard ¦'- It,' ' and we .-• said . no ; more
about it.' It must have been at 'that time
that, the man was killed." ,;.
Charles F.; Gladding examined the
body,, soon after itiwas found and declar
ed that i the . man s had been ' dead . about
twelve hours. '^ In turning, the body to 1 look
at it,:. Dr.t Gladding caused the; pistol i to
fall ' from ' the . flngers.if.The firm grasp the
man had on ' 2 the -left -?a* mark on
the '• index ; finger,; of * the \ hand, . a' '..-- mark
which was still: visible at the Morgue
MBS. WILSON HEARS- SHOTS.
A search of the man's effects at the
Morgue revealed nothing, except possibly
laundry, marks, by which he might be
identified. There were no papers in the
clothing, -no -.names, I no money.. The
laundry murks were found on the collar
and shirt. The collar bears the marks
"2316," "2326," "D112," and "H." The shirt
marks differ from these in only that they
contain the number "326," with the figure
"5" above it. The shirt was made by "R.
J. Tooke, Montreal," as were also a pair
of tan gloves.' • • .¦¦'"¦• -
The man wore also a light checkered
tweed* sack suit, light colored underwear,
low-cut shoes, tan top overcoat, and a
bicycle cap. In the pockets were found
a North Shore ticket from San Francisco
to Sausalito and return, which had been
punched, a steel foot rule, a glove button
er and a nail cleaner,: all in # a chamois
case, bone handled pdeket knife, ring with
two keys, corkscrew and seal with the
figure of a lion upon it, rolled gold eye
glasses, attached to a chain and a silver
watch numbered 122,719, which was atill
going.
The man's dress and trinkets stamp him
as an Englishman or Canadian, and this
theory as to hisnationality, which might
possibly lead to the discovery of his iden
tity, is borne, out by the observations of
C. A. Carman," a : San Pablo avenue saloon
keeper, who : was- the '. last to see the
stranger alive, r . ''';-.
."The man talked like an Englishman and
acted like an Englishman," said Carman.
"He was in my place yesterday morning
between .U_ and 12 'o'clock, and I had a
chance to size him. up. He came In about
11 o'clock and- asked'for a glass of water,
which I gave him. i Ho said, 'I see you've
got your revenue license,' . and "I said,
'Yes.' He looked like a man I saw. a few
days ago when I was getting my revenue
license in San Francisco,. and, I took him
for an inspector. After sitting around for
an hour/in front of my place, he went
away upon hearing the 12 o'clock .whistle
and; that was the last I saw O f him
until this morning, when Mrs. Wilson
came to tell me she had found his , body.
I knew it was the same man the moment
I saw the. body." * . ' '
WATCH FOUND ON BODY.
The marks on the cartridges, however,
go further in support of the murder the
ory than do the forehead indentation. The
revolver taken from the man's death
grasp is a seven chambered weapon, six
chambers of which were tilled. The cart
ridge next to the empty chamber was dis
charged, the next was intact and wholly
unmarked, but the next one to if was
discharged. How one of the bullets was
skipped is the mystery In the case, as
the experts do not believe the man him
self could have done it after once shoot
ing himself.
These suspicious conditions caused Cor
•oner Mehrmanij t to Jw-der Dr. Gladding to
make a jndfs^caref uj''an^p^y, f 'wtilcn\wa9
done to-night." Dr. Gladding found a frac
ture of the skull where the' indentation
on the forehead' was, and this caused him
to announce that 4 there were enough in
dications to warrant the theory, of mur
der. . . . *i ¦ . . •
"It would seem," said Dr. Gladding,
"that the man. was struck on the head
aryl possibly the bullets were lired into
tie head in order': to cover up the first
/.Ime, or to' complete the deadly work."
The body was found by a son of Mrs.
Annie K. Wilson. While driving some
ducks into a'tield the boy saw what he
thought to, be a tramp lying near the
barn. He reported his discovery to his
mother, who afterward went to the spot
and tried to. arouse the man. When he
did not awake, she pulled his ear and
then to her Horror discovered that he was
dead. She ran to her neighbors with the
story of the discovery and later the Cor
oner was summoned to take the' body to
the Morgue. ,
• Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2118 Center Street, July 18.
The body of an elderly, well dressed
man, whose Identity is so far a closed
book, was found this morning on the
north side of John 1 Bernnan's barn on
San Pablo avenue, near Harrison street.
There were two bullet holes in the head
and tfte skull was fractured- The autop
sy surgeon, Dr. Charles F. Gladding, says
the indications are that the man was
murdered.
When found the body was lying ¦ face
downward oh the sward, within a few
feet of the north side of the barn, in full
view of passers by on San Pablo avenue.
The trunk rested on the right arm and
the right hand clutched a revolver. Two
of the six cartridges in the chambers of
the weapon were empty.
At first it seemed but a plain case of
suicide, but there were two unusual con
ditions. One of these was a suspicious
indentation in the forehead, the other the
manner in which the cartridge shells are
marked. The indentation in the head
seems to have been made by the butt end
of the revolver, f or* it tits the depression
exactly, indicating that the man might
have been struck on the head by thieves
or assassins, who afterward shot him and
left the pistol to divert suspicion.
MARKS ON CARTRIDGES.
Wo^inds Lead Autopsy Sur
geon to Think Murder
WaB Done.
Uniflentifled Man-Meets
'Death in. Mysterious
: ? Manner.
TWICE SHOT
AND SKULL
FRACTURED
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JULY 19, 1903.
Board of Prison Directors Informally Appoints Him
to Fill Office of Warden of San Quentin,
MAJ. JOHN W. TOMPKINS OF OAKLAND
NAMED TO SUCCEED MARTIN AGUIRRE
( m ' - , '. .„ ;" . .- ' !..' ' ' - .* * ¦" "" - ' - ' ' '*. ~ ¦ c ' ¦ ' ' ' ' ~ "~"* ' ' * ' * * *" ' •¦.--'¦ ¦ - ' ¦ ' ¦ " ¦ "S. • _
Banquet Is Held at California Hotel and Work of Past
. Is Recounted While Future Is Planned.
YOUNG MEN'S CHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION
CELEBRATES IT'S FIFTIETH BIRTHDAY
Pages 33 to 44
Pages 33 to 44R. H. E.
Helena ..'. .10 4 3 0 0 0 0 x— 8 ¦ 7 3
San Francisco. ..0 0 0 0 0 0 0 S2-5 . 10 0
Batteries — Puttmann and'Carrisch; Leltman.
Borchers, ¦ Zcarf oss * and Baerwald. Umpire —
"Warner. - -T" '
/ - '
HELENA. Mont.. July IS.— The Senators
bunched hlta, while San Francisco bunched er
rors and the victory of -the locals was decisive.
Lei t man . was pounded - out of ' the box In ' the
fourth inning/, when Zearfoss also quit.. Putt
mann, weakened at > the last and was hit hard.
Score: " • ''¦-;•'¦ >>';!¦ feBiSMPBSSMSBfMl
TACOMA. July > 18. — Loucks -was accorded
miserable support throughout and -In the final
Innings was hit 'hard. , Wllmot. McHale, Mc-
Kevltt and Lynch . did the day's < stick work.
Roach ¦ was hit ' hard, y but ¦ Invariably ¦ the ¦ ball
went Into some waiting fielder's. .hands. Score:
¦ ¦" ' R. H. E.
Tacoma .;...... 0 0 10 0 0 0 0 1— 2 5 4
Butt« ..2 0 1 1 1 0 2 3x— 10 16 ,2
Batteries— Loucks , and Byers; : Roach and
Swindells. ,, Umpire— MahaJTey. sag^gertggg
SPOKANE, "Wash.. July : 18.— Rickey's poor
pitching was responsible- for " Seattle's losing
to 'Spokane. - He was' wild- and persisted in
hitting the batsmen. Score:
¦-.¦¦¦¦•¦.¦ R. H. ' E.
Spokane ...... :. 0 2 110 0 7 0 1—12 11 a
Seattle V. ..... ~0 0 0 0 1 2 0 0 0— 3 .8 4
. Batteries — Nichols and < Hanson: . Hlckey and
Hurley. 3(aH4HKMa^^? y^tf i 'i ll f^! na^
• R. II. E.
Los Angeles....! 0 1.1 3 01 2 &— IS 18 5
Salt Lake ......0 0 2 0 3 0 0 0 0— 6 7 . 0
Batteries-^Johnson, Thatcher and HUde
brand; Quick, Kelley and Shea. . .
: SALT : LAKE, Utah. July 18.— Los Angeles
swooped down on the crippled locals to-day and
gave them tho worst drubbing o£ the series.
Kelley relieved in the fifth inning, but
he proved equally easy for the Angels, eleven
hits being taken off him with "apparent ease.
Hanley ' created a scene by attempting to tear
down the wire netting In front of . the - grand
stand in an effort to get at a spectator who
had repeatedly "roasted',', him for misplays. At
tendance, 1600. Score :
• (Pacific- National League.)
W. L. P*ct. W. L. P'ct.
Butte .... .62 29 .642 San Fran.. 12 41 .50rt
Los Ang...5O 32 .610 Tacoma ...33 43 ..410
Spokane 7. .48 35 .5CS Helena • 30 43 .385
Seattle ....44 37 .543 Salt Lake., 5 11 .313
Scores Eighteen Buns Off Two Salt
Lalrfv Pitchers/
. STANDING OF. THE CLUBS.
LOS ANGELES HITS HARD.
R. H. E.
Seattle...- 10 05 0 1.0 Ox— 7 10 4
Los Angeles. 0 10 10 0 10 0—3 12 3
Batteries — Drohan and Boettlger; Gray and
Spies. Umpire— McDonald.
PORTLAND. July 18.— Pitcher Hogg wan
batted all over the field to-day, while Port
land could flnd Graham for only seven scatter
ed bits In the game with Oakland. The Brcvrns
were unable to hit at all until the last two
lnnlngsT'when they managed to score four runs.
Umpire Levy played in bad luck again to-day.'
feeing hit twice by foul tips. Attendance,
1700. Score: • . '
R. H. E.
Portland .0 0000002 2—4 7 1
Oakland 0 0 4 12 2 3 1 0—13 17 5
Batteries — Hogg and Shea; Graham and Gor
ton. • Umpire — Levy.
SEATTLE. July 18. — The locals won a loosely
played game to-day, scoring five runs on four
hits In the fourth. Score :
Bunch Their Hits in Fourth and
Score Five Buns.
SEATTLES LAND ON GEAY.
•Home run — Egan. Stolen bases — Lynch, Mc-
Laughlln. Errors— Hodson, HUdebrand. Town
eend, J McLaughlln. Casey. Two-base hits —
Pabtt, Sheehan. Sacrifice hits— Leahy. Town
send, Irwln. First base on errors — San Fran
cisco 2, Sacramento 1. First base on called
balls — Oft Hodson 3. off Brown 5. Left on
banes — San Francisco 10. Sacramento 6. Struck
out— By Hodson 3. by Brown 3. Double plays—
Sheehan to Casey to Townsend: Shay to Del
mas to Pabst : Lynch . to Leahy. Time, of
game — Two-* hours. Umpire — O'Connell.
SUMMARY
It looked like extra rounds and prob
ably would have been if Tommy. Leahy
had not come through with his tlmoly
double In- the ninth, round ¦ and broke" Jt,
all up. San Francisco has. another chance.'
to get into second place by beating the
Senators twice to*day. The score: -
San 'Francliw-r 1 ' 'T Sacramento —
ab. n. h. p,a: ad. r. h. p. a.
Phay.- S...3 0 113 Casey. 2b 5 0 1 2 1
Meany.rt 4 3 2 2 0 Hldb'd.lf 5 115 0
Irwm. 3b * 1 1 1 0 McLhn.rf 4 2 3 2 0
Leahy, o 3 1 2 « 1 Egan. ». 2 2 1 1 3
Pabat.lb 4 117 O.Twnsd.lb 3 0 19 1
Lynch. If 4 O N l a 1 Ehehn.3b 4 0 2 11
KniB, cf 3 0 1 4 OlDoyle. cf 4 0 O O 0
Delms.2b 4 0 0 2 2 Grahm.c 4 0 13 1
Hodson.p 3 0 0 10 Brown, p 3 0 0 1 2
Totals.32 6 0 27 7 Totals. 31 6 10*24 0
•No one out when winning run waa recorded.
RUN'S AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Sacramento 3 0 OO 0 0 0 2 lO— 5
Base hits 4 1 21 0 0 O 2 0—10
San Francisco ..0O02102 01—6
Base bits 0 0122020 2—0
It was another of those scrappy games
that have made* the present -series re
markable. Fight was the watchword
throughout and every man fought as hard
as he knew how. The result was doubt
ful till Leahy settled it all lh the ninth,
the score being tied up most of the time.
The last deadlock occurred In the eighth,
when the Senators fell on Hodaon and
landed for a pair of tallies.
The Senators opened the' game with one
of those old-time Baltimore starts, that
cause the pitchers to quiver. Casey fooled
around with the bat for several minutes,
and then he was good enough to foul out.
But Hiidebrand landed a nice hit to the
left garden, and McLaughlln did likewise,
so It looked troublesome-right there.
When Truck Egan grabbed hold of
his club and made an advance on the
plate every fan in the lot knew that
something was due to come off. And in
this they were not disappointed at all,
for, the husky Truck boosted the ball over
the fence that protects.center field and
all three runners came over the paths.
Then it looked bad for the home team.
Three runs is a big start, but Irwln and
his lads were game and they started in
soon . after to get them all back again.
In the first Shay worked Brown for a
pass and Meany sent him around to sec
ond with a fly to right field, which Mc-
Laughlln missed. Brown made a bad
throw and advanced them both, but it
was ho use, as Leahy struck out and all
the hope of the fans was crushed.
But in the fourth the locals got two
and one more in the fifth, so they had
the score . tied. Then they went to it
again and managed to bring in another
pair in the seventh, putting them two to
the good and apparently safe. But the
Senators created a tie In the eighth, when
Sheehan hit for two bases with the bags
filled. .
Tommy Leahy broke up the. little mati
nee at the Eighth-street ball park yes
terday 'afternoon. It was in the ninth
round. Meany rested on second ¦ and .Ir
win was a base behind him. Leahy's bat
went square against the leather. 'Out to
the score board sped the ball and on to
the ' plate sped Pat Meany , and .all . was
over. Score. 6 to 5. .
- TV. . L. P'ct.| •¦'¦ .. W.
Los Angr ..61 "35 .633 Oakland ..44 «2 .415
Sacra'to ...Bfl 41 .577 Seattle /...37 56 .308
Ban Fran. .08 43 .674|Portland ...35 M .883
(Pacific Coast League.)
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Uncle's , Men ( Play . a Great
Uphill^ Game and' Finally
Head Senators. .
Scores Meany With the
Winning Tally in
the Ninth.
LEAHY'S DRIVE
BRINGS VICTORY
Shooting la the most popular method of
changes.
COLUMBUS, Ohio; July 18.-The Inter
national Association of .Theatrical Stage
Employes elected. the> following officers:
President, H.. J. Barry, of Boston: first
vice president; 8.1. Simons of. San .Fran
cisco; secretary-treasurer, Lee ' M. Hart
of Chicago. The convention adjourned to
meet ; in Milwaukee* the- isecond'Monday
in July, -1904. The -scale adopted makes
some ellght increases, but no radical
Theatrical Employes' Election.
EXMOOB GOLF CLTJB WINS
MARSHALL FIELD TBOPHY
Twelve Chicago Clubs Enter Con
test, but Only Nine Start
Around Links.
MILWAUKEE. WIs., July is.— The Ex
moor Golf Club of Chicago to-<Iay for the
focor.d year took the Marsbnll Field
trophy and if the club can tafce the cup
next year it jvill remain in its possession.
Twelve clubs were entered but only nine
started and one of these, the Riverside
of Chicago, was forced to drop out be
cause of the Indisposition of Bliss, its star
left-hand player. - :i." ;.
The contest was of individuals against
bogey, which is forty for the course. The
Exmoor Club finished 45 down .on bogey
and the nearest competitor, Midlothian,
waa E3 down. The Exmoor players were:
W. E. EmlL H. C. Egan. E. H. SIcElwee,
W. J. Osborne and B. F. Cummins.
HONOLULU. July 18.— The schooner Hono^
Ipa arrived to-day from Honolpu in distress.
She was ashore for a half-hour at that place,
but it Is believed that the is not seriously
damaged.
To Use Oil for Roadway.
The Board of Public Works granted a
permit yesterday to the property owners
residing on Hampshire street, between
Eighteenth and Nineteenth streets, to
sprinkle the block mentioned .with petro
leum oil, the same to be done at the ex
pense of the property owners. •
Bayle. Lacoste & Co. filed an applica
tion to install an oll-burningr engine at
their fertilizing' works at Fifth avenue
and M street south.
The board made the following recom
mendations to the Supervisors: -.I-
Laying artificial stone sidewalks on Leaven
worth street, between Pacific and Vallejo
streets; grading San Mateo street between
Chenery and Laidley streets; laying bitumen
on the roadway, stone curbs and artificial
stone sidewalks on Noe street; between Eliza
beth and Twenty-fourth streets; constructing
an clght-lnch sewer in Pierce street, between
McAllister street and Golden Gate avenue.
SALT LAKE. Utah, July 18.—Announce
ment Is made of the marriage here
Wednesday of John- Hardy, • of the Los
Ar.geles baseball team, and Miss Emma
L. Marquart of Akron, Ohio.
John Hardy Marries Ohio Girl.
AMERICAN LEAGUE. "
BOSTON, July 18.— A balk by Mullln and
Smith's throw to the grand stand Instead of to
McGulre gave Boston three runs In the fifth
Inning, which, with ¦ two more added In the
seventh by loose playing gave Boston the vic
tory. ¦ Mullln was wild but effective. Young
was touched up rather freely. Crawford's hit
ting was . the feature. Attendance, SOOO.
Score:
* R. H. E.
Boston ."¦ 0 d '1
Detroit 3 8 2
Batteries — Young and Ctiger; Mullin and
McGuire.
WASHINGTON. July 18.— Washington won
both games to-day. The first was a. .twelve-
Inning affair, and was decided on. Clark's sin
gle, a eacrifle and Qrth's single. Holmes was
put out of the game for disputing the umpire's
decisions. Lee had the • visitors guessing '
throughout the second game and only in the
last inning, when the Chlcagos had the sacks
filled with one out, did they appear dangerous.
Attendance, 3400. Score:
Wa^Uor....... f,:fi,h
Chicago 2 . 7 2
Batteries— Patton and Kittredge; Patterson
and McFarland.
Second ' game — ¦ R. ' H. E.
Washington 3 0 2
Chicago 1 .5 1
Battedes— Lee and Drill; Flaherty and Slat
tery. " ' ¦ ' ;.v ¦ --.
St. Louis 4 0 fi
Brooklyn .......8 14' 4
Batteries-^-Rhoades and J. O'Neill; Garvln
and Rltter. Umpire— O'Day.
Cincinnati ..'4 11 4
Philadelphia 8 9 4
' Batteries — Ewlng and Bergen; Sparks and
Roth. Umplre^ — Johnstone.
Second game — ¦B, H. E.
Cincinnati 6 10 2
Philadelphia 3 10 1
Batterle*— Harper and Bergen; Mitchell and
Dcoin. umpire — Johnstone.
PITTSBURG. July 18— PIttsburg won In the
ninth on Weaver's single, two outs and Beau
mont's long hit to right. The game was clos<*
and exciting. Attendance, 10,200. Score:
I ¦ R. H. E.
PIttsburg ? !. 3 9,2
Now York 2 .7 /0
Batteries— Phlllppl. Smith and Weaver; Mil
ler and Warner. Umpire — Emslle. • —
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 18. — Brooklyn won by
batting Rhoades ¦ all over the field. Garvln,
who pitched for the Brooklyns, was very ef
fective and almost Invincible in' pinches. At
tendance, 3500. Score: . .
v • R. H. E.
Chlccgo 3 9 1
Boston 2 0 2
I Batteries— Menefee and Kllng; Plttlnger and
Dexter. Umpire — Moran.
Second game — . R. H. E.
Chicago 4 - 8 5
Boston & .10 2
Batteries — Welmer. Lundgren. Wicker and
Kllng; Malarkey and Dexter. Umplre-i-Moran.
CINCINNATI, July 18.— Cincinnati would
have taken both games but for two errors In
the tenth inning of the first game, when two
hits let in the winning run for Philadelphia.
Attendance. 8000. Score:
First game — R. H. E.
"Williams, the New Windy City
Shortstop, Shows to 'Advan
tage Against Boston.
NATIONAL. LEAGUE.
CHICAGO, July 18.— Chicago won the first
game, a thirteen Inning contest, by superior
playing- at critical times. The second game
went against the home team. Umpire Moran
calling the game in Chicago's half of the
eighth Inning, when the score stood 6 to 4
against the locals, in order to let the Boston
players catch their train. Williams, the new
Chicago shortstop, showed to advantage. At
tendance, 7000.' Score:
First game — '¦: R. H. E.
SUPEBIOR" PLAYING WINS >. £
THE GAME FOR CHICAGO
Navahoe Wins the Bace From the
Island of Heligoland
to Deal.
•LONDON, July 18.-The American-built
schooner yacht Navahoe, formerly owned
by Royal Phelps Carroll, but now the
property of George W. Watjens, was the
first boat to reach Deal in the handicap
yacht race from the Island of Heligo
land to this place, which waa started
Thursday. There are three prizes for the
races, $500, J250 and $125, given by the
Royal Temple Yacht Club. ,
Among the starters in addition to the
Navahoe were Emperor Williams* Meteor,
the Empress' Iduna, the Comet and the
Therese.
AMEBICAN-BUILT YACHT
DEFEATS KAISER'S METEOB
SIXTH RACE— Selling; three-year-olds and
upward; one and a sixteenth miles:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin
7 to 2— F-ostand. 102 (Gannon).. 2 2 12
3 to 1— Satire. Ill (Hick*)...... » C 4 2°
15 to 1— Star & Garter. S5 (Larson) 4 13 8
Time. l:f#0. Btart poor. Won easily Win
ner. Hampton Stable's b. c. by Russell-Galena
II. Tribes Hill 111. Irish Jewel 103 Arden
106. Ur.terock 09. Sculd 91. also ran. "
Time. 1 :£<S 3-!i. Start rood. Won easily.
Winner. W. L,. Oliver's b. g. by Badge-Mock-
Ing Bird. Daly 100. Peninsula 106. Hunter
Raine 125. also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Handicap: three-year-old*
end upward; one and an eighth miles:
Betting. Here*-. Weight. Jockey. St. K Fin
3 to 1— Kord Badge. 107 (Fuller). 2 1 16*
jo to 1 — Courtenay. 106 (Gannon): 6 4 2 1
5 to-1 — Sambo. 118 (Burns). ." 4 5 3 1
FOURTH RACE— Iroquols stakes; three
year-olds; one and an eighth miles:
Betting. Hor**> Weight. Jockey. St. K Fin
11 to 20— Fire Eatrr. Ill (Bnllman) 41 1 2 '
9 to 2 — C. TVclney.'lOS (Gannon) 2 2 2 8
5 to 1 — Monte Carlo. 110 «Odoni). 14 3 1
Tlm«. 1 :58 3-5. Start good. Won e*sily.
Winner. A. Be!mont'» b. c. by Hastings-Fides
Ulyria 111, also ran.
Time. 1:01 4-5. Start poor.- Won driving."
M inner. J. B. Haggin's b. f. by Juvenal-Blue
and Wbite. Plrourtte 109 Marjoram 110 Mon
foon 9S>. Petunia 114. Glad Smile 101. Semetie
1C9. Sweet Gretchen 105. MeTnoriam 10* Cy
prienne 100. Framulla 93. Dancing Belle 99
also ran. ¦ *
THIRD RACB— Venus stakes; two-year-old
fi!lie»; five furlonpe: •• •
letting. Horse Weight.. Jockey. Pt! «* Fin.
2<» to I— Tur. Blue 09 (Wilkinson) 6 112
20 to 1 — Inquls Girl. 99 (Redfcrn) 3 2 2 4
6 to 1 — Audience 101 (O'Neill)... 5 7 3 h
PECOND RACE— Curragh jelling steeple
chase stakes; about two miles:
B*tt.in«r. Horse. Weight. Jockpy. St. «; Fin
1 to 2— Walter Cleary. 1M iRay)~l 1 1 20
S to J— Gurn Honey. 132 (Jackson) .4 2 2 8
72 to 1— M. Harrison. 132 x Wilson). 5 4 3 4
Time. 4:47. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. J. W. Celt's *. r. 'by Can41em*s-Kana
«ha. Lord Ea4nor 132. Somerset 156 also
ran.
It was said to-day that Daly's colt
Claude also would be a starter in the spe
cial race. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Handicap: six furlongs:
BettinK. Horse.- Welgfct. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
2 to 1— Young Henry. 124 (Odom)10 8 1 h
S<J to 1— Ealvatella. 90 (Cornell). . 8 2, 2 h
•to 1— Inrold. 105 (Burn*) 3 3 3 h
«-. mt - 1:1 * 2 " 5 - £uTt flir - Won driving.
M Inner. A. Shields' b. g. by Henry Voung
¦\ ©landera. Gay Bey IJ5. Rowtlnt 111 Mino
taur 105. St. Daniel 107. Flying Buttress 100.
Locket &«. If You Dare 100 also rani
The stewards of the Erighton Beach
Racing Association have ordered that the
entries of R. H. Grown, owner of If You
Dare, be refused, and have referred his
case and that of Trainer Lee Brown to
the Jockey Club for further action. H.
F. Meyer was fined COO because his horse
Star and Garter was late in getting to
the paddock for the last race.
Quartered in a stall at the Gravesend
race-track is McChesney, the pride of the
racing populace of the West. Early to
day, under the watchful eye of F. M. Lay
lor. the man who will handle him and
prepare him for his championship strug
gle of Wednesday against Waterboy, Mc-
Chesney was sent out for a galloping ex.
ercise. The spin was just to stretch his
muscles— to wear off the weariness which
aJuays follows a long rest. McChesney
is apparently in good condition, having
rtood the journey from Chicago in fine
ehape.
August Belmont's Fire Eater galloped
home a winner in the Iroquols stakes,
worth C000.
NEW YORK, July lS.-O\*er a track
ankle deep in water and in the midst of a
downpour of rain. v.-tth the wind blowing
at a terrific rate, j the most spectacular
mce of the year was fought out in the
opening event at Brighton. Beach to-day.
Thexe were tremendous cheers vrh^n five
racers, vere seen to be running parallel
across the track, any one of which might
be returned as the winner. Fifty yards
fiom the finish no man or woman looking
on could have truthfully said which of
the five was in front of the others. It re
mained for the energetic Odom on Young
Henry, the favorite, to land that horse's
head in front of the 30 to 1 shot Salva
tella, while Gay Boy and Kosetlnt
were each a few inches behind, in the
order named. . ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call
SIXTH RACE— One mile; eelllnr. -• . :•-.-¦.
Bettimr: Horse, Weight. Jockey. Stj *i%Fto.-:
3 to 1— Warte Nlcht. 93 iKnapp). 1 1 -1 2U
IS to &— Eshertn. 09 <B. Davis). ...2 "4 S 4 ¦
8 to 5 — Mary Glenn, S3 (Wilson).. 5 33 1 -
Time, 1:40. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. P. Wilkerson's ch. c. by Fonso-Lucasta.
Travers ICO, Hot 103, also ran. „
FIFTH RACB— One mile; selling.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St.' « Fin.
3 to l-»Bob Franklin. S3 (Wilson). S 3 13U
5 to 1 — Echodale. 103 (H. Phillip.-). 4 12 2
S to 1— Evelyn Byfd. 103 (Adkins). 2 2 3 4
Time, I:4« 2-5. Start fair. Won eaelly.
Winner. J. W. Pugh's ch. c. by Russell-Morn-
Ing Bride. Little Duchess II 98, Lord Touch
wood 90, Balm of Gllead 106. The Kentucklan
1GS. Moablna 101, also ran.
FOURTH RACE — One and a quarter miles;
Wheeler handicap.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
30 to 1 — Jack Ratlin. lfX) (Bonner). 1 i 1 n
6 to 1— Gold Bell. 96 (Reed) 2 3 2 8U
1« to 5— Flying Ship. 95 (Phillips). 4 2 3 5
Time. 2:12 3-5. .Start good. Won driving.
Winner. Gorman & Bauer's b. c. by Saend
thrift-Intacta. Bad News 104, Six Shocker 116,
Luclen Appleby 1C8. Aladdin 105. also ran.
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; Lekeview han
dicap.
Bettinc Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 5— Proceeds. 119 (Helgesen)... 6 1 1 24
5 to 1— Flo Bob. 121 (Wonderly) . . . 2 .4 2 3»-s
7 to 2— Peter Paul. 119 (Wlnkfleld) 7 3 3 4
Time. 1:18. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, S. g. Brown's br. c. by Pirate of Pen
zance-Futile. Soldier of Fortune 108, Jerry
Lynch 103. Batts 114, Auditor 118. Lonsdale
119, Ed Tlerney 115. also ran.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; purse.
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
4 to 1— Bardolph. 117 (Landry).... 7 1 1 H
7 to 1 — Oronte, 104 (L. WiUon)..., 6 2 2 3
4 to 1— Ahola. 102 (HIchardson)... 13 3 3
Time. 1:17 2-5. Start bad. Won driving-.
Winner, Gorman & Bauer's b. e. • by Mirthful -
Bermuda Dance. Luckett 10». Christina A 102,
Americano 10T, Beautiful and Beet 107. Floral
Wreath 102, also ran. Sid Silver 104 left at
the post. ,
FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; purse.
Betting. Horse. Weight. JocKey. St. *; Fin.
7 to 1— Rainland. IIS (H. Phillips) 7 7 1 H
5 to 1 — Commodore, 108 (Helgesen) 2 1 2 1
6 to 1— Man. 10S (Ezell) 8 4 3 1
Time. 1:04 3-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. Mr*. M. Goldblatt's b. c. by Rainbow-
Fable. Pat Hammon 10S, Martinmas 111, Try
on 10$, Toltec 108. Oudon 109, Watermelon 105,
Gayoea 1C5. alto ran..
Jack Ratlin, the extreme outsider. in the
betting, at 25 to 1. won the Wheeler Han
dicap, worth JSOOO to the winner, in a
fierce drive from Gold Bell. The latter
was best, but received a weak ride. .
Monday the racing scene will shift to
Hawthorne. Summary:
Captain Brown's Proceeds, coupled in
the betting- ring with Auditor, won the
Lake View Handicap In a common canter.
The entry was backed from 2 to 1 down to
7 to 5 at post time.
CHICAGO. July 18.-Fully 20.000 persons
attended the last day's racing at Wash
ington Park to-day. Two stakes on the
card were tho attraction. The track was
a sea of mud, but the weather overhead
was flue.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEVENTH RACE— Mile and three six
teeenths; sellins:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. , St. *i. Fin.
6.to IttiW.B.. Gates. 107 <Troxler).l ' 1 1 h
6 to Ji^-Lt Opera. 101 (Austin)... .3 '2 2 20 '
8 to 1— Menace, 105 (O'Brien)... ..2 3 3 H .
Time. 2:12. Start good. • Won driving.
Winner.. R. R. Ttlee' s b. g. by Prince Royal -
Penelope. The Way 102, Gin Spray 107, Carrie
Hope 94. also ran. - . •• *.
i SIXTH .RACE— Mile and seventy yards;
selllns: - •.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. .%. Fin.
16 to 1— Hk Be Oka. S9 (MeKinney)2 117
8 to 1 — Heglra, 92 (Higgins) 8 7 2h
3 to 1-Hy Fraustmr.101 (Shilling)" 3 3 2-
Time. 1:55%. : Start good, -won easily.
Winner, R. C. Ferris" br. f. by Scorpion-Ten
Ban. Broodier 98, Pyrrho 10.V* Tlckful 102,
Carley's Dream 94, Maghonl 80 ilao ran.
FIFTH RACE — Seven" furlongs; r>ur»e:
Betting. Horse.* Weight. Jockey. Kt. %. Fin.
3 to.2 — Stand Pat. 100 (Austin).... 2 1 1 h
6 to 5— Bas d'Or, 100 (Brldwel!)..l 2 2 25
4 to 1 — Deut£Chland, 108 (Kelly)..:*. 3 ¦ 3
Time. 1:3(1 Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. Hays and. Jackson's b. g. by Luke Black
burn- Vestice.
Time. 1:27%. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. L. G. Tate and Co's. br. m. by Loy
alist-Tarantula.
FOURTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs;
Mound City selling stakes:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »;. Fin.
7 to 2— M Gollghtly. 96 (Smith)... 2 1 1 n«
8 to 5— Fitzkanet, 108 (Bell). .'....:'. 2 2 114
6 to 5— Jordan, 110 (Dauttin). . . ..1 3 3
THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlongi;
purse: ; -
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St, %. Fin.
12 to 1— Atlas. 108 (Bell) 4 1 lh
8 to 1— Wigwam. lOti (D. Hall)... 8 3 2 M
5 to 2 — C. Morgan. 108 (Troxl«r)..2 4 3 Vj
Time. 1:1514. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. C. Schawacker*8 b: t. .by Huron-Ar
miel,'~ Athena 1CS, Maxrose 103, Hugh Mc
,Gowan 108, Don O'Hlgh 108, Matt Wadlelgh
108 also ran.
SECOND RACE— Mll« and seventy yards;
selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «4. Fin.
60 to 1— E Meyer. 73 (Perkins) 5 111
20 to 1— Goo Goo. 86 (McKlnney)..4 4 2 1%
8 to 1— V Vlctrtx. 91 (Howell) 2 2 3 7
Time, 1:56H~- Start good. Won handily.
Winner, P. H. Hlckey and Co's. ch. , f . by
St. Pancras-Yolande II. Miss Eon 81. Helen
May 84 Gal&nthus 95, Leila May S4, Pearl
Diver 62, Pamplona 1W also ran.
ST. LOUIS. July.^18.— Seven races, in
cluding <a. stake,, made. up a splendid card
at Delmar Park, today. The feature event,
the; Mound City selling stakes, was won
by Misjs Gollghtlj'. the outsider, in the bet
ting, by.. a' nose from Fitzkanet. Close
finishes were seen in almost every race.
Not a favorite won. Summary:
FIRST RACE:— Six rurlonrs; selling:
B«ttlns. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. %. Fin.
16 to 1— Lynch, 104 (Perkins) 1 0 1 nk
7 to 5 — Jerry Hunt, lOti (Spencer) 3 3 2 1
4 to 1— Prince Light, 112 (Troxler>4 13 1
Time, 1:2214. Start good. Wen driving.
Winner. J. C. Cahn's b. g. by Inspector B-La
Danseuse. Tenny Belle 104, Una l*rlce 97.
Laroug? 1C2, Pirate's Daughter 102, Whltmore
100, Milkmaid 102 also ran.
Special Dispatch to Tho Call
McChesney Arrives in: Good
Condition for Race With
Waterboy. \
Track.
Seven Favorites; Are Bowled
. Over at the Delmar
Rich Wheeler Handicap Goes
to Jack Ratlin, at
>25 to 1. •
Outsider Captures the
Mound City Sell
ing -
Proceeds Again Gives
Proof of His High
Class.
Spectacular Drive to the
Wire at Brighton
Beach.
FIVE ARE HEADS
APART AT FINISH
MISS GOLIGHTLY
WINS BY A NOSE
CAPTAIN BROWN'S
COLT A GOOD ONE
RELIANCE WINS
BY WIDE MARGIN
The Cup Defender Leads
Prom Start and Fin
ishes Par Ahead.
Beats Constitution by a Mile,
and the Columbia; by -"
* Twice as Much; i
— .NEW LONDON, Conn., July , l^There
was no room for doubt in the victory, of
the Reliance to-day In the second ran of
the New York Yacht Club cruise of thir
ty-nine miles- from -New Haven to this
port. She led from the start and finished
! more;than a mile ahead of the Constitu
tion and over two miles ahead of the Co
lumbia, beating the former six minutes
and twenty-nine seconds in elapsed time,
and the latter sixteen \nlnutea and twen
ty-four seconds. ; The Constitution 1 - beat
the' Columbia nine mlnutesiand fifty-five
seconds. -
Starting in a light favorable breeze the
Reliance within fifteen minutes was
three-quarters of a. mile ahead of the
other two boats, but when the wind in
creased, as' it did half an hour after the
start, the new boat did not gain. so rap
idly; in fact, for twenty miles of the run
made in a good twelve-knot breeze and
the wind forward of the beam, tlft Con
stitution held to the Reliance in fine
shape. Five miles from the finish, how
ever, the-new boat pulled away very rap
idly, while the Columbia steadily dropped
behind the other two after half of the
course had been covered. "
The Reliance covered the distance of
thirty-nine miles in three hours eighteen
minutes and twenty-eight seconds, a speed
of eleven and three-quarters knots an
hour, which la the fastest time ever made
on this run of the cruise.
The small boats were Bent off first, the
classes gradually '.Increasing in site until
at 10:15 the J three cup defenders were
started. The Reliance won the fight for
place, crossing the line twenty seconds
after the gun, Columbia a close second.
The Constitution was a poor third, cross
ing at the leeward end of the line some
seconds after 'the' handicap^ gun. The
wind at the start was light and within
fifteen minutes after crossing the line, the
Reliance had pulled out until she was
three-quarters of a mile ahead of the
other two boats, the Constitution having
at the same time come up even with the
Columbia. Soon tho wind began to pick
up and the Reliance passed Bramford
Beacon, five miles from the start, a full
mile ahead of the others. By 11 o'clock
the new boat was nearly a mile and a
half ahead.
OLD VIGILANT LEADS.
All the yachts covered the first twelve
miles of the cruise in a few seconds over
an .hour, having passed in the meantime
every boat in the fleet- "with! the_.exceptiori
of the old defender Vigilant, inow a. yawl,
which was still; ahead down the sound;
When off." the six-mile reef buoyi which
marked the half-way point of the- rwf,
the 'Constitution began, to gain on Reli
ance and at the same time began to drop
the Columbia quite rapidly.
The' Vigilant rounded the cornfield,
twenty-five miles from the start, a minute
ahead of the Reliance, but the new boat
went by 'her a few minutes after, as if
she were anchored. '
For the next five miles the Constitution
held the Reliance in excellent shape, but
as the boats neared -Bartlett's lightship,
thirty-six miles and a half on the course
and about two miles from the finish, they
met a strong flood tide setting in through
the race. This seemed to affect them
more than the Reliance, and the Columbia
worst of all. At Bartlett's the Reliance
v/as six minutes and twelve seconds ahead
of the Constitution and twelve minutes
and forty seconds ahead of the Columbia,
so that the race was practically settled at
that point. The Reliance gained, never
theless, on both the old boats, although
each of her rivals set her balloon jibs in
the hope of cutting down the lead of the
new flyer. •
The Reliance swept proudly across . the
finish line shortly after half) past 1 and
headed 'at once into the harbor, where
she had her sails almost furled* before a
heavy rain j began to fall. The official
times of the ninety-footers . in to-day's
run were:
' Elapsed
Start ' Finish. " Time.
Reliance 10:15:20 1:33:48 3:18:23
Constitution ....10:17:00 .1:41:57 3:24:57
Columbia ....'...10:15:45 ):50:37 3134:02
FIVE CUP DEFENDERS.
To-night more than 300 yachts of all de
scriptions fairly choke tho . harbor's
mouth. In the fleet are no less than five
successful defenders . of the America's
cup, the schooner Columbia, the schooner
Puritan, the sloop , Volunteer, the yawl
Vigilant and the grand old Moop Colum
bia, whith defeated two Shamrocks in
1899 and 1901. . ; . - ;• |
Just after sunset the southeast etorm
which had been threatening all day broke
in all its fury and at 8 o'clock it was
blowing a gale diagonally up New HaVen
harbor. The yachts anchored at the en
trance of the harbor had a hard time of It
and the old cup defender Volunteer, own
ed by J. Malcolm Forbes of Boston, drag
ged her anchor a short distance and at 9
o'clock was within fifty yards of the
rocks. The rest of the fleet rode out the
gale in good shape. The three cup yachts,
being .anchored well up the harbor, felt
little of its fury. A~ number of minor ac
cidents were reported. '
Lacrosse at New Westminster.
VANCOUVER, B. C, July 18.-Five
thousand people witnessed the -second of
a series of ¦ five championship lacrosse
games being played at New Westminster
between Vancouver and -Westminster
teams to-day. Westminster was defeated
by the score <St seven goals i to nve. This
gives Vancouver, two games '-. of the i se
ries. Tha games are tho | biggest sporting
event of the year, in Western Canada. , '
FAST COURSING
AT INGLESIDE
TENNIS PLAYERS
SHOW GOOD FORM
Hares Lead the Hounds
Long and Tedious
Dr. McChesney Wins
From Hodgkinson in
,._. a v Fast, Match., ?-]
Many Well Known Dogs Will
Compete in the Stake
Event To-Day.
Many > Experts Will Meet on
Park Courts in Finals
and Semi-Finals. \
The elusive hares led the hounds a m«r.
ry chase at Ingleslde Coursing Park yes
terday and many interesting course* were
run. Many of the favorites were beaten,
and the outsiders as a general rule upset
many calculations. There was a large
crowd at the park -notwithstanding the
threatening condition of the weather.
The stake will be run down to-day and
great sport is expected. The outsiders
have been* running so well of late that It
is a hard matter to tell Just what is liable
to happen. At all events. Indications
point to splendid coursing to-day. Follow
ing are the results:
Open staie— White nat beat Gay City. 6-4;
Molly Mack beat Equator. 4-0; Wattles beat
Racine Glancer. 1-0; Fair Glen beat Pullman
Girl. 6-2; Roy R beat Sir Lawrence. 3— ;
Valid beat Belfast, 6-1; Lord Granard beat
Patricia, 3-1: Laughing Waters beat Kta*
Death. «-0: Merry Lou beat Gold Lily. T-*.
Belle Lloyd beat Boco. Girl. 12-4: Dr. &****
beat Intruder. 0-3; Tom Sayers beat Medley.
7-4; Advance Guard beat Uttle Luc*-, 7 ' 1:
May Hempstead beat Linda Vista. ft-2; Flower
of Gold beat Lady Chlqulta. 6-0; Manru beat
Miss Wilson. 4-3; Rockefeller beat Go On.
27-5; Yankee Boy beat Melroue. 3-0: Orac«_ w
beat Bright Gold. 4-0; Yukon beat Master Bly.
16-4; McHenry beat Little Plunger. 6- 1, On
ward Maude beat John Short. 3-2; Bright
Fortune beat Pure Pearl. 5-0; Renegade Apach*
beat Wedgewood. 3-2; Real Pasha beat Ter
ronette. 7-1; Reta beat Tabasco b -.^ l l,**fi*
Granard beat Gold Dollar. 6-4; Golden G*rl«r
beat Lily Wright. 4-2; Flora Belle beat
Prompto. 6-4; Conroy beat Old Ironsides. 5-0.
Royal Friend beat MIs» Brummel. *-6; Yel
low Tall beat Frisky Barbara. 4-0; HarUan
Gladys beat Toronto, 5-0; Bonnie. Hughle beat
Remlsso Anlmo. 5-1: Young Buck beat. Tom
Herllck. 5-1; Modest Beauty beat Topsy-
Turvy.* 6-1; Flora Bird beat Alababa. 34-8;
Meddlesome, a bye; Luxury beat Sofala, t-a,
Una beat Thetis. 4-1. ;. .
Despite the : extremely disagreeable
weather yesterday many- of . the. racket
wlelders were out for practice. The courts
did not dry up until afternoon, when some
exciting, matches were played. The" best
match on'the California Club courts was
that;between Dr. McChesney and Norman
Hodgkinson. the crack professional. The
medical man ' has been making rapid
'strides' of late, and many of the first class
men find it a difficult matter to beat him.
After losing' the first set yesterday he
took the next two from Hodgkinson. Mc-
Chesney has a* peculiar style, his smash
ing and serving being very hard to
handle.
Sidney Salisbury • is devoting consider
able time to the game and has" also shown
steady Improvement. He played a close
match with .Will Allen and emerged a
winner after three hard sets. Allen la
playing a great game, and his defeat at
the hands of Salisbury was rather a sur
prise.
Horace Mann, the Golden Gate Park ex
pert, who made such a good showing at
San Rafael, played on the club courts
and beat ¦ Herbert Long three straight
sets. * • -•
- A. W. Worthlngton kept up his winning
gait, taking three sets out of four from
W. F. Bull. Worthlngton's steadiness and
accuracy are whfet win him so many
matches. His service is also strong and
well placed.
Only one doubles match was played. In
it Worthlngton and Bull won two sets out
of three from Dr. Lovegrove and C. Man.
non. The following matches were played:
Horace Mann beat Herbert Long. 3 sets &i
H. Gabriel beat Herbert Gray. 8-6; Dr. Lore
grove tied O. Averell, 6-3, 4-0; R/ B. Daggett
beat W. 8. Dole, «-3. 7-5; Dr. McChesney beat
Norman Hodgklnson. 1-rt, 6-4, 6-4; Sidney Balls
bury beat. Will Allen, 8-6. 3-6, 6-2; Allen beat
L. C. Bozarth. 6-4; Daggett and Dola beat
Gray and Gabriel, 3-6. «-4? 7-3; Lovegrove beat
Mannon 2 •e'ts to 1; A. ,W. Worthlngton ' and
W. F. Bull beat Mannon and Lovesrove. 2-6.
6-3. H-l; IVorthlngton beat Bull, 6-3. 4-6. 0-1.
6-3: Bozarth beat Little. 4 sets 0: Averell beat
Gray. 6-4. 6-4. 6-S.
The attendance on the park courts was
rather light for Saturday. The absence
of most of the good players was due to
the weather. The following matches were
played :
Fred Adams and George Janes beat Clarence
Grlffln and F. Mills, 0-4. 4-tf. 0-3; J. M and
George Baker beat Adams and Charles Dunlap
7-5; Dunlap and Adams beat C. Foley and c!
Myrick. 6-0; Miss Naylor and Grant Smith b#at
Miss Allberger and Miss Gardner. 6-2* Mrjs
Allberger and Smith beat Miss NayJor and
Miss Gardner, 6-1; Smith beat Miss Gardner.
8-6.
Three good matches will be played on
the park courts. ro_-day ait jto'cjoclc. Will
Allw and Grant :Srnlth /will meet- R.' >T.
Whitney and , Jules Brady in the semi
final round of the handicap doubles tour
nament. At the conclusion of thls'.match
Professor Joseph^Dally will play' an, exhi
bition match' with S.. H. Adams." The
finals of- the tournament will be played at
2:30. Irt this match Guy Lytton and Stew
art Gayness will play the winners of the
match between Allen and Smith and
Whitney and Brady.
The qualifying rounds over eighteen
holes,- medal play, of the competition for
the midsummer trophy of the San .Ra
fael Golf Club closed yesterday at 6
o'clock p. m. Sixteen players entered the
competition, it being required that the
qualifying rounds should be played be
tween July 1 and IS and for that compe
tition only. Before starting competitors
were required to notify the steward that
they intended to play a qualifying round,
the eighteen holes to be played consecu
tively and without intermission. The
eight players handing in the lowest scores
qualified for the match play rounds,
which will take place during the coming
few weeks. The scores of-*£he competi
tors were as follows:
QUALIFYING ROUND FOR MIDSUMMER
TROPHY.
Eight Who Hand in Lowest Scores
Qualify to Play in Opening
. -Match Bound. . '
SIXTEEN OOLFEBS TBY
FOB. MIDSUMMER TB0PHY
MISSION BEBEKAH LODOE
J INSTALLS. NEW OFFICERS
Retiring Officials Are Becipienta of
Tokens From the Apprecia
tive Members.
The hall of Mission Rebekah Lodge, in
the Excelsior building, on Mission street,
near Eighteenth, was lavishly decorated
with flowers, evergreens and pink and nlle
green, the colors of the order, last night.
The reason for this was that It wad the
night set apart for the Installation or the
officers chonen to serve for the current
term. There were nearly 200 members of
the order present to witness the impres
sive ceremony as conducted by District
Deputy President Mrs. Flora Burgman
and her staff of sixteen ladles, all attired
in white. t
The new officers are: _Anna Norman,
past noble grand; Emma Arrlson. nobla
grand; Ethel Hextrum, vice grand; Lulu
Perry, secretary: Emma Craw
ford,, financial secretary; Minnie PolTocSt.
treasurer; Emma Ireland, warden: Mary
Webb, conductor; Mary Flitner, inslda
guardian; Frank Flitner, outside guardian;
Parthenla Burkhart and Julia Jackson,
supporters to the noble grand; Alice Mc-
Pherson and M. McCarthy, supporters to
the vice grand, and E. Knorph. chaplain.
At the close of the ceremony a beautiful
embroidered collar was presented to Mrs.
Norman, the retiring noble grand, and a
diamond-set emblematic star to Mrs. E.
Knorph, the retiring past noble grand.
There was also presented to Mrs. J. M.
Wllllston a stiver-mounted purse in recog
nition of valuable aid to the lodge. Then
followed the presentation of almost a
wagon-load of flowers to the district dep
uty and to the new and outgoing officers.
INDEPENDEirr FORESTERS
ABBANGE FOB A PICNIC
Appoint an Executive Committee to
Look After Details of
the Affair.
The representatives of the fifteen courts
of Independent Foresters located In this
city met last night In the hall of Court
Yerba Buena to take the preliminary
steps for a picnic at Camp Taylor on Sep
tember 0. Chief Ranger. Keller of Court
Yerba Buena presided, and General Dep
uty High Chief Ranger O. K. Brown act
ed as secretary. The chairman stated
that Court Yerba Buena had started the
picnic proposition and that it desired the
support of all the other courts to make it
a success. The delegates from the differ
ent courts expressed their opinion in re
gard to the matter, which was that whllo
all the courts may not act on the proposi
tion as courts, the individual members
will work for it and go to Camp Taylor.
The chairman named Ben I. Soloman
as chairman of the executive committee,
and announced that at the next meeting
that committee, as well as the sub-com
mlttees on games, floor, promotion and
publicity and printing, will be announced.
Trust Company Incorporates.
The Fidelity National Trust Company
was Incorporated yesterday with a capita)
stock of C0O.00O, . of which, $2500 ts sub.
scribed. The directors, each of whom ba$
subscribed 5500. are N. B. Frtsble. W.
Basil White, H. "W. Attenborough, J. J.
White and Jesse L. Diberu
PROCEEDS TAKES LAKEVlEW HANDICAP AT WASHINGTON PARK IN A COMMON CANTER
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, -SUNDAY, JULY 19, 1903.
HONOLULU, July 18.— The cable ateamer
Anglia sailed to-day for London.
The eight who Qualified for the match
play rounds are matched as follows:
J. J. Crooks versus Carleton Curtis;
Douglas Hardy versus R. J. Davis; R.
Oilman Brown versus Gustav 8utro; and
E. J. Hooper versus C. A. Belden.
First Second
COMPETITORS. . Round. Round. Total.
J. J. Crooks 64 41 1)7
D. H. Hardy 50 4S OS
R. G. Brown 52 * 4S 100
E. J. Hooper 52 50 102
Carleton Curtis 61 51 r 102
R. J. Davis 52 53 105
Guitav fiutro 55 -54 1O»
C. A. Belden. 55 55 110
G. Heatelton 53 61 m
A. A. Curtis 60 54 114
O. M. Plnckard 59 55 115
F. Anderson..* «2 53 115
T. T. Williams 60 53 119
J. Follte K> 67 126
H. Dlbblee •
R. B. Hellman •
34
. . • AD VEBTISTnVtEKTS.
ALWAYS TIRED JSl!l!l
NEVER RESTEllgjS-
To be tired out from hard -work. or. bodily. [fir&zS^P Ms&k
exercise is. natural and rest is the remedy, but )//$j|||£w!
there is an exhaustion without physical exer- y^^^S^/j^^m4\'
tion and a tired, never-rested feeling — a weari- } $$7%' ! i
ness without work that is unnatural and shows 353 p< w )J M'
some serious disorder is threatening the health. One of the chief causes of
that "Always-tired, never-rested condition" is impure blood and bad circu-
lation. Unless the body is nourished with rich, pure blood there is. lack of
nervous force, the mus- M6B8HP%i ~ ' x
Jjestion impaired, and cotuin, who had been benefited by 8. 8. B., told me
general disorder 'occurs SSS&a iH?i t'SS aS^^ifWKjV
throughout the system. tb.orougbJy«ood blood tonio. Yours truly^ . : ;-
Debility, insomnia, ner- 44 W. Ninth Bt-iCalmBfaSS" ** B*******-
vousness, ¦ indigestion,
dyspepsia, loss of appetite, strength and energy, and the hundreds of little"
; •¦'>" *s ¦/¦"S a *^ ae ° ts <we olten have are due directly to a bad con-
r^H CC^ CC^7 a ?' e Wood and circulation, and the quickest
SV J S\\S5V '™*y to get rid of them is by purifying and building
fc—// up the blood, and for this purpose no remedy equals
' :^ m^' :"^ S. S. S., which contains the best ingredients for
cleansing the blood and toning up the system. It is a vegetable blood purifier
and tonic combined, that enriches the blood, and through it the entire system
is nourished and refreshing sleep comes to the tired, never-rested, body
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA.
ADVESTISEME2JTS.
1903 "WHITE" STEAM TOURING GAR
\ The Fastest StocK Automobile Built in America. ; : *
With condenser, boilerless. compound engine; cbainless drive, lights
tveig-ht, higb power, no vibration, no noise; as simple to operate as an electric;
large radius of operation; greatest reliability; smallest cost of maintenance
and operation. >¦ -
we are Just completing largest and best equlppAd automobile station west'
of Chicago, at Market and Franklin streets. All kinds of automobiles stored,
Tf.ned and repaired. flBHHMBKBQwi - ' '"
Second-hand gasoline wagons for 6ale cheap.. Sec use before buying an
automobile. We can now make early de liveries. »
WHITE SEWING MACHINE COMPANY, oi1pic ?oo a ?o S 5 a bI sboom '
• Telrphcne Bl*c* 1106. .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ANNOUNCES.
POLO AND RACES— August . 1 . to 8, - Under
the auspices : ol the Paclflo Coast Polo ¦ and
Pony Rafilng. AssoOlatlon. R. M. Tobln Secre-
tary. * Entries ¦ to • and -Information' from '151
Crocker ; bulldtngrr. S«a Francisco. ;
f AUTOMOBILE RUN— August 6 to 11, from
San Francisco. Including meet at Del Monte.
under the auspice* of the' Automobile Club of
California. F. A. ¦¦ Hyde President. Entries to
151 Crocker . Building, ; San Francisco.
',. GOLF .TOURNAMENT^-August 24 to ; 31.
under auspices of the Pacific Coast Golf Asso-
ciation, R. ' Oilman Brdwn Secretary. . Entries
to 310 Pine street. San. FraneUco..-
-' OPEN CHAMPIONSHIP, TEAM HATCH.
for Byrne Cup, North vs. South.
i DEL MONTE CUPS— Amateur Tournament,
Ladles' Tournament. • , . •SUNDAY. JULY 19.
Enterprise Sails.
The Matson Navigation Company's Enterprise
sailed yesterday fcr Ililo ¦with freight and paa
scngers.
?
1TEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping' Merchants.
The BritiBh Lark Falkirk !s chartered for
lumber from Che:nainus to South Africa; and
the British bark Kermuda, sarae business, froni
l'uget Sound to 1'ort Plrie. at S3s Sd.
A Cargo for Honolulu.
The bark Alaen Cesse was cleared yesterday
for Honolulu with en assorted merchandise
cargo, valued at f:.r..t ;.;, &nd including the
followint;:
2*0 bbl* flour. 2S51 ctls barley, 51.422 lbs
middlings, 94 ctla wheat. 7500 lbs rice. 115
bales hay. 47K1 lbs corn, 75.239 lb« bran. 23.726
lbs oats. &OT.5 lbs f<-ed. 10.4C3 lbs fertilizer.
21.250 lbs ealt, 47US lbs beans. 25 cs ealad oil,
4:*<S lbfc bread, 102 bbls 20 cs caJmon, 379 pkgs
groceries and provlflone, 800 lbs coffee, 2250
lbs tea, :."¦•" lbs sugar. 1000 lbs meal, 248 cs
canned goods, 5<XK) Ib« lard, 112t> gals vinegar,
318 brs paste. 25 cs whisky. 127 cs gin, 10
pals wine, J(«X» lbs codfigh, ZS7 pits* paper. 18
cf matches, 39 boiler tubes. 155 pkgs tnillwork,
1<<3 bdls eliooks. 210 pes pipe, 10 coils cordage,
£S0 bxs soar. 16 pkgs dry pooda. 11 cs boots
and r.'j '.-. 59 pkgs paints and oils. 19,360 g*Is
riistlllat*'. ::•¦¦¦¦• t-.-. .- gasoline. 341 bbls and 30.000
bricks. 600 bbls lime. 200 k«*ss powder. 300 cs
powder caps, 100 cs coal oil, 3 cs electrical
supplies.
»
Sailing cf the Panama Steamer.
The steamer Colon tailed yesterday for Pan
ama and ¦w-ay ports with a general merchandise
cargo. • valued at $S3,350, ar.d distributed as
follow*: For Mexico. H3.S0U; Cen*_ral Amer
ela, S605S; Colombia. $23 l v5; New York, $W>,344;
llajnbtirg. Germany. M2t5. The leading exports
¦u - *>r* as follow* :
To Mexico — 200 Casks quicksilver, S270 feet
lumber, VJi gals 10 cs wine, 20 gals brandy, 20
cr beer, 7 pkM freth fruit. 10 pkps potatoes. 6
j-'kes groceries and provisions. 8122 lb« ! soda,
fc pkg* paints ar.d oils. 3 «s arms and ammuni
tion, €26 bdl« shook*, 12 pkgs drugs, \o kegs
n&ils. 3785 lbs ffnwnt, 4(.ft lbs copper. 2.5 pkgz
machinery. 31 bars iron, 2 coils rope, 4 pkgs
<Jiy goods.
To Central America — 419 bbls flour. 10.000
lbs rice. 54 rkes fresh fruit, 50 cs olive oil,
35 ptes potatoes. 4 pkgs provisions. J00 cs
c<^al oil. 4 pkris paints and oil*. 331 pes 2 pk**
plp«. 1 pkg machinery. .14(4 lbs ta!lo".\ 2 tanks
ammonia, 3 pkgs dry goods, 216 !b« rerln. 100
r*-fls barbed wire, 5R bdls irrin, 2 bars steel,
728 Ibe rr>da. 3 «•« BinmunHion.
To Colombia — 421 bb!s flour. 200 ctls onions,
7B ctls potatoes, M pkgs freeh fruits. 4348 :bs
rugar, 220 cs parte, 2f> r<kgs frp*h veeetables.
8 ca canned goofls. 40 rs salmon, 122 gals
win*, SO colls rope. 13 M!s brocms.
To New York — iX.fiOO gals wine. 73.246 lbs
xrool. 2T>.475 lb» hide*. 26 cs drugs, 120 sks
horns, 2S28 pigs lead, 21 S sks bonts, 131 bales
Junk.
To Hamburg, Germany— C3.275 lbs dried
rruncs.
Shipping^ Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Saturday. July 18.
Sticr * Arcata, Nelson. 60 hours from Coos
Bay, via Port Orford 43 hours.
etmr Navarro, Weber. 11 hours from Blhlers
Point.
Stmr Bauta Barbara, Zaddart, R0 hours from
F«attle; bound to San Pedro; put In to land
passengers.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, 19 hours from Can
par.
Stmr Scctla, Erickson, 18 hours from Men
doclno.
Sunr Santa Monica, Olsen. 68 hour* from
Grays Harbor; bound south; put In to land
Btmr Brooklyn, Hlggins, 4C hours from Re
docdo.
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the highest tide is the same at both places.
The old cabinetmaker's customers are
shops and private persons. With orders
from one or the other he is busy most of
the time. He has several clocks making
at once, po that he does not lose time in
waiting for stain or glue to dry. A few
familiar patterns are his models, and his
new clocks, when finished and set going,
look amazingly like those of a century
and a half ago.— New York Commercial.
An old German cabinetmaker, having
"got onto" the fashionable craze for old
fashioned tall clocks two or three years
ago, began at once making them, and
since then he has done little else.. His
little shop up town is scarcely wider than
the height of the clock he builds. There
he works all day long without help. A
kitchen stove close beside his workbench
serves to heat his glue pot. The rear of
the shop is filled with finished clock cases
awaiting theiri works. j
It is his fancy to make his clocks un
usually tall— fully eight and a half feet—
and he has made one case considerably
shorter just by way of showing what is
tbe style of ordinary clockmakers. His
material is usually new mahoguny, some
times veneered, sometimes solid, often In
laid and carved. The price of his clocks
varies' with the stylo of case and the
quality of the works. '¦¦
It is this old man's patriotic German
belief that the best works for such clocks
come from Germany, and accordingly he
uses no other kind. The works cost from
$30 to 555, according to what they are
made to accomplish. The most expensive
are made to indicate not only hours, min
utes and seconds, but the phases of the
moon and the day of the month. A clock
consisting of the best works In a mahog
any case of the best workmanship that
the old man* can turn out fetches $130.
Others cost from $25 to $40 less.
One Cabinetmaker of New York
Making Fortune Out of
the Fad.
FASHIONABLE CRAZE
FOB ANCIENT CLOCKS
Steamer. From. Due.
Centralia Humboldt July 19
Edith Seattle July 10
Iaqua Humboldt Bay July U»
Pomona Humboldt July 19
Argo Eel River Ports July 1»
North Fork... Humboldt July 19
Columbia Portland & Astoria July 13
Herodot Seattle IJuly IV
Leelanaw.... Tacoma |July 10
Alliance Portland & Way PortslJuly ;:u
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts.|July 2U
Olympic Fairhaven I July 20
Nevadan Honolulu & Kahului. ..|.luiy xt)
San Mateo... Tacoma IJuly 20
N. Maru China & Japan. ., July 20
Ramona Ean Pedro & Way Pts. July 21
Lothian Hongk'g via Manzanlllo July 21
Eureka Humboldt IJuly 21
Alair.eda Honolulu IJuly 21
I'rnatllla Puget Sound Ports. . ..IJuly 21
Chico Coqullle River I July 22
Yitania Nanalmo IJuly m S£
Corona Humboldt IJuly 22
3. Dollar Seattle &. Tacoma IJuly 22
Santa Rosa... p a n Diego & Way Pts.|July 23
Newport .New York via Panama. IJuly 23
Del Norte.... Crescent City IJuly 23
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria.... 1 July 2i
M. Dollar.... Everett IJuly 24
Silesia Hamburg & Way Pts. .IJuly 24
Point Arena. . Point Arena IJuly 24
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford.|July 2T>
Coos Bay.... Newport & Way Ports. IJuly 25
Rival Wlllapa Harbor I July l»
Queen. Puget Sound Ports.... July j>ti
Curacao Mexican Ports July 27
Ventura...... Sydney & Way Ports. July 27
Clavering.... China & Japan ....July 28
City Para New York via Panama. IJuly 20
Ramona Ban Pedro & Way Pts.|July.2O
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
Jnly 1O.
Redondo.... Los Angeles Ports. 5 pm Pier 2
Phoenix.... Pt. Arena & Mendcn 1 pm Pier 13
S. Rosa.... San Dleco & Way. S am Pier 19
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
• Jnly 20.
Arctic " umb £ ldt V, I2 ml Pier 10
Czarina Coos Bay direct. ... 6 pm I Pier 8
Arcata. Coos B. & PtOrford 4 pm|Pier 13
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pmiPier 2
Coos Bay... Newport & Way.. 0 am Pier lu
City Puebla. Vuget Sound Pts.. 11 am|Pler 27
Ban Pedro.. Humboldt 4 pm|Pier 2
Jnly ~\. j |
Pomona Kumboldt 1 :30 p Pier 13
Argo..::::. Kel River Ports.... 4 Pro Pier \
Alliance Eureka & Coos Bay 0 pm Pier 10
1 July 'Z'Z.
Iaqua Humboldt 0 am Pier 2
Columbia. . . Astoria & Portland 11 ain Pier 24
Rainier Seattle Sz Whatcom 4 pm Pier iy
North Fork. Humboldt 6 pm Pier 2
Jnly 23.
Centralia... Grays Harbor 4 pm|PIer 10
Eureka Humboldt & am Pier 13
State of Ca! Ban Diego &-Way. « am Pier l»
Doric China A Japan.... 1 pm Pier »y
July a-1.
Corona Humboldt |l:30pPlerl9
Herodot.... Hamburg & Way..| 2 pm Pier 23
Ramona tan Pedro A Way. u am Pier 1*
Jnly 25.
Chico....;.. Coqullle River .... 4 pm Pier 2
Olympic.... Whatcom & F*h'n. 10 am Pier 2
Umatllla... Puget Sound Pts . . 11 am Pier 27
Lothian.... China & Japan Pier —
City Sydney N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Alameda... Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
Jnly 27.
G.W.Elder.. Astoria t* Portland. 11 am Pier 24
J. Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
Jnly 29.
Rival Willapa Harbor... 4 pm Pier 2
Jnly 30.
Queen Puget Sound Ports 11 amjPler 27
FROM SEATTLE. '
Steamer. For. . Sails.
Eureka Nome :~. July 20
Spokane Skagway & Way Ports. July 21
Cottage City. . Ekagway & Way Ports. July 22
Oregon Nome July 23
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports. July* 23
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way l*;rts. July a«
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. July 27
Al-KJ Skagway & Way Ports. |July 28
Nome* City.. Cooks Inlet & Way PtolJuly 20
City Topek*.. Skagway & Way Ports. IJuly 30
Ohio Nom« & St. Michael... Aug. . 1
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Aug. 1
Artec Nome Aug. 1
Koancke Nome & St. Michael... Aug. 4
Senator Nome Aug. 0
riovements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
"Long-Jj&sting Tastes.
"It is a curious thing how-the flavors
of certain things will come back to a man
after the lapse of many years," said an
observant man, "and often without any
sort of an excuse, unless we arc to rely
upon rather finely spun theories for an
excuse. Many years ago I took cod liver
oil. Men- who have taken cod liver oil
.will understand that there is no special
reason "why one should forget the pecu
liar flavor of this article. But my ex
perience is not simply a question of mem
ory. I have experienced the physical
fact, not once, but a number of times
islnce I quit taking It. Even to-day the
taste of cod liver oil came back to me,
and it was as fresh on my palate as it
was when I last put it there. Now. why
is this? Why should I taste cod liver oil
years after I quit taking It? I cannot
say. I cannot be mistaken when I say* I
experienced all the physical symptoms of
the taste. Were it not for this fact I
might account for it on the ground of
association. Some fact, or something or
other, intimately associated with the fact
of taking cod liver oil, might have caused
me to remember rather vividly the taste.
But things remembered, no matter how
vivid the picture, no matter how Intimate
the associated fact which brings the pic
ture back, are not as fresh as tbe things
The steam cchoor.er South Coast, which ar
rived yesterday frcru Ca*par. made a slow
passage on account cf having broken a cross
head pin.
South. Ccast Has 2£ishap.
A ste&si schooner is being built at Grays
Harbor fcr Charles Hipgins of this port. The
new vessel vrl'l carry 40U.0OO feet of lumber and
will b« an oil-burner. She will be 146 f«*n
long. 34 feet beam and 10 feet deep. She will
l>« used In the coast trade.
ITew Steam Schooner.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed July 18— Schr Oceania
Vance, for Port Blakeley.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived July 18— Br
stmr Royalist, from Port Ludlow.
Sailed July 13 — Br stmr Ivydene, for Port
Gamble.
EAN PEDRO— Arrived July 18— Stmr Alca
traz, from Mendoclno.
Sailed July IS — Stmrs Samoa, M&ndalay and
Greenwood, for San Francisco; schr C S
Holmfs, ror Port Blakeley.
WESTPORT — Arrived July IS — Etmr West
port, h^nce July 17.
Sailed July IS — Etmr Gualala, for San Fran
cisco. C
ABERDEEN — Sailed July 18 — Echr A F
1 Coats, for San Francisco.
TATOOSH— Passed in July 18 — U S stmr
Gedncy, hence July 12, for Seattle.
Passed out July 18 — Ger ship Ellbek, for
United Kingdom; etmr Ean Mateo, for San
Francisco.
I-ORT TOWNSEND — Passed In July 18 — Br
chip King David, from Yokohama; stmr Me
teor, from Ean Pedro.
Arrived July 18 — Schr Manila, from Antofa
gaFta.
Bailed in July 18 — Schr Manila, for Port
Gamble; Br Bhip Leir.orna, for .
EUREKA — Sailed July 18 — Stmr Pomona,
for San Francisco; stmr Redondo, for San
Francisco.
TACOMA — Sailed July 18— Stmr Redondo,
for San Francisco.
Sailed July IS — Schr King Cyrue, for Ban
Francisco.
PORT LUDLOW — Arrived July 18— Br ehlp
King David, from Yokohama.
SEATTLE — Arrived July 18 — Stmr Spokane,
from Sttka; utrnr Queen, hence July 15. July
17— Stmr Farallon, from Skagway; etmr Aber
deen, hence July 12.
Sailed July 17— Etmr Santa Ana, for Valdez.
Juiy 1* — Stmr Umatllla, for San Francisco.
SOUTH BEND — Arrived July 18 — Schr North
Bend. whence June 30.
PORT GAMBLE — Arrived July 18 — Schr Ma
nila, for Antofagasta.
HARDY CREEK— Sailed July 18— Stmr
Manshntld. for San Diego.
ASTORIA — Arrived July 18 — Br stmr Totten
ham, from Port Los Angeles.. July 17— Echr
David Evans, from Honolulu.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed July 18— Schr Jas
Rolph. for Hllo. July 17— Schr Sophie Chrls
tlanr>,. for Ean Pedro.
PORT LUDLOW — Arrived July 18 — Br ship
King David, from Yokohama.
EASTERN PORT.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Arrived July
17— Etmr Hawaiian, front Hllo.
• FOREIGN PORTS.
ADEN— Arrived July 17— Br stmr Queen
Christina, from Java, for New York.
DOMESTIC PORTS
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT .LOBOS. July IS. 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind W. velocity 16 miles per hour.
Per Br bark Inverclyfle — May 18, la.t 33 21
P. Ion 178 28 W. Br ship Crown of England,
from Newcastle, Aus, for Ean Francisco.
EPOKEN.
June 26. lat 12 E. Ion 35 W. Br ship Monk
barns, from Liverpool, for Ean Francisco.
July 6, lat 30 N. Ion 13 W. Br ship Duch
alburn, from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
SAILED.
, Saturday, July 18.
Etmr Eureka, Jessen. Eureka.
Etmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart, Sin Pedro.
Etmr W H Kruger. Ahlln, Kodlak.
Etmr Colon, Irvine, Panama, etc.
Etmr Corona. Johnson. Eureka.
Stmr Cella. Derltt. Albion River.
Etmr Enterprise. Miller. Hllo.
Etmr Coqullla River, Dart. Eureka.
Etmr Del Norte. Green. Crescent City.
Etmr Asuncion. Bridgett, Ventura and Re
dondo.
Eunr -Coronsdo. Peteraon. Grays Harbor.
Etmr Santa Monica, Olsen, San Pedro.
Schr Ida A, Campbell, Point Reyes.
CLEARED
* Saturday, July 18.
Etmr Corona, Johnson, Eureka; Pacific Coast
Steamship Co.
Etmr Centennial, KUtgaard. Seattle; E T
Krusc.
Simr Coos Bay, Nlcolson, San Pedro; Pacific
Coast Bte&mshlp Co.
Btmr Enterprise, Miller, Hllo; J D Epreclc
els & Bros Co.
Stmr Colon. Irvine. Panama and way ports;
Pacific Mail Steamship Co.
Bark Alden Bease. Keesel, Honolulu : J D
Epreckels & Bros Co.
Stmr Xoyo. Ellesen. 25 hours from Eureka.
Br bark Inverclyde. Milne. 70 days from
Newcastle. Aus.
Bktn Archer, Callioun, 29 days from Ilono
lulu.
Schr Dauntless, Smith, 90 hours from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Be;sie K. Merriam, IS houn from San
Vle«nte Landing.
Schr Queen, Henrtcks«n, 7 <Jaya from Port
Ludlow. /
Schr Alumna, Genbeir, 4% day* from "Wll
lapa Harbor.
Arr.er.g yesterday's de*p-sea arrivals were
the bark Ir.verelyfle. 70 days from Newcastle,
Australia, with 2707 tons of coal, and the bark
entln« Archer. :» dzys from Honolulu, with
£3,2&t biLgs of su<:ar.
Deep Sea Arrivals.
of the moment. I taste cod liver oil,
feel it on my palate, and, in fact, exper
ience all the physical unpleasantness of
the dose, and I'm sure the fact cannot
be accounted for by the theory of the as
sociation of ideas. It is up to the doctor.
—New Orleans Times-Democrat.
Science and Old Age.
From twenty, to fifty a man should live.
for himself and hla family; from flfty to
one hundred for science, and humanity.
and after a hundred for the state. Hon
ored, useful, In full possession of all his
faculties at six score years and ten, th©
gray beard of the approaching future will
be among the most enviable of mankind.
For the fear of death is an aberration.
The fact is that only one man In a mil
lion at present dies a.' natural death. Wa
should live till ona hundred and forty
years of age. A man who expires at
seventy or eighty Is the victim of acci
dent, cut cTt In the flower of hl» days,
and he unconsciously resents being de
prived of the flfty years or so which na
ture owes him. Leave him a little longer
and in due time he will desire to die. as a
child at dusk desires to sleep. The sand
man will pass! All our instincts drop from
us one by one. The child cries for
mothers' milk: tha idea of such an ail
ment is - repugnant to th© adult. The de
sire for sweets, for play, for love and
love-making, for Ions walks and adven
tures are all Impulses that have their day
and pass. And the wish to live Is an
Instinct which falls also with satiety.
Only at present none of us live long
enough' to be *atiate with days.—Put
nam's Magazine.
SALT LAKE. Utah. July 18.— The last act
clinching the Oregon Short Line-San Pedro
deal was recorded this afternoon with the
filing with the County Recorder of three deeds
transferring from the Oregon Short Line to
the San Pedro. Los Angeles and Salt Lake
Railroad Company all of the lines south of
Sandy and west of the Jordan River, the con
sideration, as set forth in the deeds, being $5
In each case.
Hana L&rsen. a sailor on the schooner Alum
na, wu w&ahed overboard frcrn th« forecastle
he«4 July 16 while the vecsel was off Point
Arcca, He wu drowned before assistance
reached him. He was a native of Norway. 28
years of e.g«. The Alumna arrived here yester
day with lumber from Willara Harbor.
Caiicr Drowned at Sea.
NEW YORK — Sailed July; 18 — Stmr Etruria.
for Liverpool; stmr Mcsaba, for London; stmr
Patricia, for Hamburg, etc; stmr Hohenzol
lern, for Genoa and Naples; stmr Ethiopia, tor
Glasgow.
BREMEN— Arrived July 18— Stmr Kaiser
Wilhelm der Orosse, from New York, via Ply
mouth, for Bremen, and proceeded.
HAVRE — Sailed July 18 — Etmr La Bretagne,
for New York.
ANTWERP— Sailed July 18— Btmr Kroon
land. from New York.
LIVERPOOL — Sailed July 18 — Stmr Umbria,
for New York-
Arrived July 18 — Stmr Georgic, from .
QUEENSTOWN — Sailed July 18 — Stmr Men
omlnee, for New York.
LONDON — Arrived July 18 — Stmr Minnesota,
from Philadelphia.
GLASGOW— Sailed July 18— Stmr Salacia,
for Montreal. July 17 — Stmr Sardinian, for
Montreal.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
YOKOHAMA— Arrix'ed prior to July IS—
Stmr Athenian, from Vancouver, for Hong
kong: stmr Gaelic, from San Francisco, via
Honolulu, for Hongkong; stmr lyo Maru, from
Seattle, for Hongkong; etmr Victoria, from
Tacoma. for Hongkong; stmr Hyades, from
Tacoma, for Port Arthur and Taku.
DUNGENESS — Parsed July 16 — Fr bark
Nantes, from Hull, for Oregon.
DOVER— Passed July 16— Br ship Machrl
hanlsh, from Hamburg, for Santa Rosalia.
VALPARAISO— Sailed June 30— Ger stmr
Pentaur, for San Francisco.
Sailed July IS — Ger stmr Uarda, for San
Francisco.
LIVERPOOL. — Arrived July 17 — Urug ship
Ama Bercr.nka. henc,e March 17.
VICTORIA— Arrived July 17— Stmr Queen,
hence July 15.
HONGKONG— Arrived July 16— Stmr Korea,
hence June 19.
NEWCASTLE, Aus^ — Arrived June 2S — Nor
stmr Tellus, from Melbourne, to load for San
Franci6co.
Sailed July 17— Br bark Saragoesa, for San
Francisco.
CORONEL — Arrived June 28 — Ger .stmr Her
monthls, from Hamburg, for Callao. July 1 —
Ger stmr Uarda, from Hamburg, for San Fran
cisco.
That the request of Miss A. E. Slavan, prin
cipal Cleveland Primary School, to be placed
on the retired list of teachers, to take effect
August 31. 1903. be referred to the Public
School .Teachers' Annuity and Retirement
Committee, and that her resignation be ac
cepted to take effect upon her retirement by
the ¦committee on said dat».-;- i - ¦¦ x - ¦ t
That the resignations of T. B. White, prin
cipal of the Washington Grammar School; Mrs.
S. A. Miles, principal of the Sheridan Primary
School.- and Miss C. Hart, vice principal of
the Rincon Grammar School, be and are here
by accepted, to take effect July 20. 1903.
The Public School Teachers' Annuity
Society held a- meeting and voted to place
Mrs. S. A. Miles, Miss Christine Hart
and T. B. White on the pension list, to
receive the maximum allowance, they
having served as teachers for thirty
years.
That Miss Cora Gallagher be elected prin
cipal of the Cleveland Primary School, to take
effect August 31. 190.1. subject to the retire
ment of Miss A". E. Slavan.
That grammar school certificates be granted
to Miss Victoria Koussel on diploma of i?rad
uation from the San Francisco Normal
School, class of 1SS.1; to Miss Emma Haas on
Mendoclno grammar grade certificate, and to
Miss Katherine Parker on diploma of grad
uation from the California State Normal
School in Pan Francisco.
That M. E Deutsch be assigned to the Mis
sion High School during the leave of C. Wet
more, to take effect July 20. 1903. and ter
minate at the beginning of the fall term. 1904.
That Miss M. E. Thomas b« elected princi
pal of the Winfleld Scott Primary School, vice
E. S. Code, transferred.
That a high school certificate be granted to
Miss Cecilia G. Kelly on diploma of gradua
tion from the University of California, class of
1903, and recommendation of the faculty
thereof.
Resignations accepted — Jennie Johnston, as
sistant teacher in the Everett Grammar
School; Elizabeth Kaiser, day substitute; An
nie F. McDermott, Hearst Grammar; Mrs. i5. A.
Miles, principal of the Sheridan School, sub
ject to her retirement by the committee.
Leaves of absence granted — Chester Wet
more, one year; William Ford Blake, six
months; Miss Katherine Black, one year; Miss
A. C. Kelly, Jean Parker School, until the end
of the mid-term vacation;" Miss L. Gtllesple,
John Swett School, until the end of the
mid-term vacation; Marie von Buch
holtz, Adams Cosmopolitan, until the end of
the mid-term vacation; Miss Clara M. John
ston, principal Fairmount School, to Septem
ber 1; Miss Katherine <\Mandeville, Clement
School, to August 20; Miss Frances E. Short,
of the day substitute list, to January 1.
The board also adopted the following
resolutions:
Transfers— Miss J. A. Roden, Richmond
Evening to Washington Evening; Miss Mabel
M. Sykes, Horace Mann Evening to Richmond
Evening; Miss May Day, Washington Evening
to Horace Mann Evening; Mrs A. E. Hucks,
Spring Valley Grammar to Franklin; Miss K.
A. Wickman, Fnirmount to Jackson; Miss L.
A. Toomey, Bergerot to Clemsnt; Miss M. A.
Owen, Burnett to Adams; Mrs. J. Sevey, Starr
King to Hearst; Miss M. E. Sutherland, Clem
ent to Starr King; Mrs. Kate Turney, Noe
Valley to Cleveland; Mrs. M. L."' Dlmmlck,
Jackson to Winfleld Scott; Mrs. M. E. Mlch
ener, Winfleld Scott to Hearst; Miss C. F.
Rlordan, principal of Sunnyside, to the prin
clpalshlp of the Sheridan, vice Mrs. S. A.
Miles, resigned; Miss A. E. Slavan, principal
of the Cleveland, to the principalship of Sun
nyside; Miss Mary McKlnney, Fairmount Ito
Rincon; Miss M. McCarthy, South End 'to
Fairmount.
The School Directors met yesterday and
made the following announcements of ap
pointments and transfers of teachers:
Teachers assigned, some from the substitute
list — Miss Kae Cohen, Washington Evening;
Miss M. L. Sablns, Washington Evening; Miss
Casslnelll, Dudley Stone; Miss A, M. Wolf,
III neon; Miss S. F. Goss, Burnett; Miss O. E.
Kelly, Buena Vista; | Miss Emma Madden,
South End; Miss Hilda Klein, Chinese; Miss
Louise- E. Wilson, Wlnneld Scott; Miss Anita
Judson, Noe Valley; Miss Martha Loewl, Ber
gerot. \
The public schools will reopen to-mor
row morning and the Board of Educa
tion has made all preparations for the
term.
Two American vessels, the finest of a type
trowln* scarcer every year, sailed from this
pert en Friiay. One went north and the other
fouUi. and each carried a large careo. The
clipper 6h!p St. Francis, with a cargo of coal.
is on her way to Unal&ska and the Henry B.
Hyde, deeply laden with California products
and JurJc. is bound for New York. Her cargo
Included SS31 barrel* of wine and 3000 bundles
of ahSngles.
Both. Take Big Cargoes.
The Pacific Mail Company's eteamehlp Colon
sailed yesterday for Pansraa and way ports.
Hhe carried lt»«) tens of carjro, which Included
1200 barreJs of »in<? and TSaOO feet of lumber.
In addition to a number of Chinese she carried
jjasseiiirers a* follows:
Trinidad liavena for Mazatlan; W. Dannen
burg W. M. Howard, lor Acapulco; Mrs. C.
K. Gardner. F. Oerlach. Adolph Stahl JoaMm
Cabrera, lor Pan Jose de Guatemala; E. B.
JeCerls, Jor Saa Juan del Sur; Joe Miralda,
for Pitnair.a; K. E. Korbrs. <J<»orge Anderson.
J. F. Thebodeau, II. E. Krandsln. M. Opper
tnan. Richard i-mullen. William Archer. T. C
I'nsworth, Mrs. Kraneis Broden. George Shauer,
Marciu Voegel. L.. A. Burke, J. Schurenbeck.
Taul George liobcrt Alexander, D. Killer. Os
car Weils, Mr. Quinn. Mr. Pierce, for New
Ycrk.
Colon Saiis for Panama,
be saved. It win be at considera
ble cost. She ran ashore In Gray Chan
nel, Straits of Magellan, and later was
floated. She was found to be badly dam
aged, however, ar.d on July 14 was run
ashore at Cunningham Island to save
her from sinking. She has thirteen feet
of water in the fore hold. Divers and
¦wrecking appliances have been sent to
Cunningham Island to save her.
FURTHER details were reoelved
yesterday of tho wreck of the
Kcsinos liner Tbeben and, al
though the vessel will probably
Three Pedagogues Who Have
Served Thirty Years
Pensioned.
Board of Education
Makes
01 leacners.
Sustains Serious Damage and Is Beached the Second
Time at Cunningham Island'to Prevent Sinking — Divers
and Wreckers Are Now Hurrying to Her Assistance
SCHOOL TERM
BEGINS MONDAY
KOSMOS LINER THEBEN IS FLOATED,
BUT HAS TO BE RUN ASHORE AGAIN
Branch, Hydrographie Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San : '. Francisco, Cal.,
July IS. 1903. . . r
The Time • Ball on the Ferry building was
dropped exactly at noon to-day — 1. e., at noon
of the 120th meridian, or at 8 p. m. - Green
wich time. . J. C/ BURNETT.
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. . in chargt.
Time Ball.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Ban
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
¦ thorlty of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
Sun rises 5:01
Sun- sets : 7:30
Moon rises 0:25 a. m.
t> Time Time Time Time
Z. Ft. Ft. ! Ft. _ Ft.
*¦ H W L W HW LW
L W HrW ¦ L W \ ' H W •
19 0:54 .0.8 7:42 3.8 12:10 2.5 6:39 5.7
20 1:50 0.2 8:57 4.1 1:20 2.7 7::i3 6.9
21 2:43—0.4 0:55 4.4 2:20 2.7 8:28 6.0
22 B;«3 —0.8 10:46 4.7 3:15 2.7 0:23 0.2
•23 4:20)-— 1.1 11:31 5.0 4:00 2.6 10:16 6.3
24 6:05t— 1.2112:14 5.2 5:02 2.4 11:10 6.2
25 5:511—1.1112:55 5.3 5:56 2.3
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early* morning' tides are given In the left
hand colamn and the successive tides . of the
day In tho order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the, last tide of the
dav, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The -heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the heights, and then tho number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts., The plane of . reference U the
mean of the lower low_waters. L ...
THE SAN FBANCISCO. CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 19, 1903.
CLIPPERS WHICH SAILED TESTER
DAY. ONE BOUND FOR UNALASKA
AND ONE FOR NEW YORK.
35
The Art Supplement with the
Sunday Call of July 26 will
make a most attractive picture
if framed with three or four
inch Flemish dark grreen oak
and powdered 'gold ornamenta-
tions.
HENHY P. SMITH.
THE OLD HOMESTEAD.
ADVEBTISEM"32JTS..
|iVlen,0on
I Don't allow all the
i f r fresh young strength
• jv*^J to £0 out of your life.
S /^T^. ""*n. If y°" are lo^ 1 ** tJie strength of youth and can see evi-
% f~ v V dence. from day to day. that your physical system is Eoinsr to
9 1 X \^v '% decay, you should, in common justice to your future happiness.
O »U *a Don't majce the mistake of thinking this can't be done; it
2 , -^^ can an<^ nas een <l° ne m thousands of cases. %
? '¦ '"^.^^iV '" \ * Don't deceive yourself into believinsr that it is natural for
2 tHr&'C " * i any person to thus exhaust his power.
• \ - . \\\\ \v$x^. Nature is appealing to you eveTy moment to save your-
• \ \ ' •^^^^^^^^^vVsVs^W^ sclf - The sIieht P ain s * hat y° u * eeJ . * he momentary sodh
© t \ • i °f weakness: the periodical loss of memory, dullness of brain.
© \ : \ v ' r K^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ drowsiness— all point to the necessity of curing yourself now.
S \ '^^^^^^^©^^M^^Si^^ I have a positive cure for you in my
I %^™i Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt.
O ""^•^sSr^^'t^^^^^W t» "^ s * s t ' ie trcatment that has restored over 50.000 people
© *jgBsi p'^W^'l^r^i'' — to the hicrhest standard of manhood and womanhood. It is
© *^&^^^^^r^^^^ adapted especially to this trouble and never fails in its srrahxi
8 % READ THIS EVIDENCE.
ft It Is now two months since I pro- I purchased your Belt for lumbago ' I have worn my Belt a month and
2 cured your Belt and my regrular U3e an( j sciatica, after I had used every feel better than I. ever did. My stom-
*•* of the appliance for that lengrth. of time other form of treatment for these ach does not bother me. my back and
S bettelMn te e°ry fe way * My back Xes complaints, from which I have suffered hip do not pain and my le* Is much
8 not bother m? m/' now and fl wui for a year. Your Belt has cured me better. I am surprised at the Improv-
Z speak a good word for your Belt and I will be glad to recommend It. ment a month's treatment has brought
a whenever I can. SAMUEL A. LEWIS. AUGUST FRANK. about. O. J. SCHNELLBACHER,
2 Box 94, lone, Cal. 1118 Pacific St., San Francisco. Cal. Ashland. Or.
9 For twenty years I have studied Electricity as applied for the upbuilding of strength, and my method of
© treatment, now tried and successful, is the result of my study and experience.
• Electricity is life to the weak parts, to the nerves and organs of the body. They cannot live without it Get
2 back the power and make yourself a man among men.
8 Write To-Day for My Free Illustrated Book and Full Information.
S Dr. McLaughlin's book is published for free distribution to those interested in the development of vigor-
9 ous health in men and women. It is profusely illustrated and describes my method of treatment and appliances.
O Sent scaled free on request. Send for it to-day. Cut out this ad.
I DR. M. C. McLAUQHLIN, 906 Market St., *%%$»*¦
9 Office Hours— 8 a. m. to 8 p. m. Sundays, 10 to 1. Seattle Office, 105 Columbia at- Los Angeles, 125 South Spring at.
S©ee©»©»©»^©»»eoo»ooo»®cooocogo»ooeooooe©dco©©©>tt©eo©»o©#©a©»»c» > i
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
423 California Street.
CESAR BERTHEAU, Manager - - - - ALFRED R. GRIM, Assistant Manager.
|>~ MARTIN RASCHEN and GUS MBSS1NGER, City Agents.
STATEMENT
UNITED STATES BRANCH .
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIBS
Aachen &. Munich Fire
Insurance Company
OF AIX-LA-CHAPELLE. IN THE EMPIRE
of Germany, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1002. and for the year ending on that
day. as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the
provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the Po-
litical Code, condensed as per blank furnished
by the Commissioner:
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks ,_
and Bonds owned by Company. $734,535 00
Cash in Company's Office 95 05
Cash In Banks 147.337 80
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion , -~.1B1.598 90
Bills receivable, not Matured,
taken for Fire and Marine Risks. 1,378 79
Due f'om other' Companies for
Reinsurance on losses already
paid • ¦ S 3 02
Total Asset , ....$1.035.0:8 B6
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $6,254 98
Losses In process of Adjustment
or In Suspense 63,662 68
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 9,441 74
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or less. $637,-
113 89; reinsurance 50 per cent. 318, MC 94
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running more than one year,
$382,254 91; reinsurance pro
rata 220.726 40
All other Liabilities 34.070 81
Total Liabilities $652,713 55
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $777,787 78
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources ...... 25.906 82
Received from all other sources.. 87,512 40
Total Income $861,207 00
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid *° r rlre L°«e»
(Including $73,537 78. losses of
previous years)' .••• $389,596 07
Paid or allowed for Commission or , "
Brokerage 157.833 GS
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 77,954 83
Paid for State. National- and Lo-
cal taxes •..•• 18,930 09
All other Payments and Expendi-
tures • 87.731 02
Total Expenditures $742,040 49
Losses incurred during the year. . . .$384.882 57
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
en ..^? K ... th . e . $78,005,002 $1,082,669 61
Net amount of Risks
50.822.678 806.562 «
Net amount ¦ In force .
December 31. 1902. 74,064.661 1.019.3C8 80
- -^J. A. KELSET. U. S. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 3d
day of February. 1903.
C. M. DOUGHTY. Notary Public
STATEMENT
HOME OFFICE
OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIBS
OF THE *
Aachen & Munich Fire
Insurance Company
OF AIX-LA-CHAPELLE. IN THE EM-
pire of Germany, on the 31st day of
December A. D.. 1902. and for the year end-
ing on that day. as made to_ the Insurance
Commissioner of the 'State of California, pur-
suant to the provisions of sections 610 and 611
of the Political Code, condensed as per blank
furnished by the Commissioner. ¦
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Caen $450.000 00
ASSETS. ' .. ~~
Real Estate owned by Company. . $038,183 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 1,782,909 5«
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 2,166.0S3 82
Cash in Company's Ofnce 61.070 81
Cash in Banks 628,066 13
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 34.807 04
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 608,168 10
Bills receivable, not Matured,
taken for Fire and Marine Risks ° 203.187 73
Total Assets • .$6.302.476 2S
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid; losses
in process of Adjustment or In
Suspense; losses resisted. Includ-
ing expenses $347,730 71
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, re-insur-
ance 50 per cent; gross premiums
on Fire Risks running more than
one year. re-Insurance pro rata. 2.203,463 89
Cash dividends remaining unpaid.. 562 50
All other Liabilities 612.661 77
Total Liabilities $3,164.438 87
• —
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for
Fire premiums * $2,878,531 51
Received for Interest on Bonds
and Mortgages 77.C19 SI
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources 74.132 29
Received from all other sources... 83,167 23
Total Income $3,113,490 36
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Loasea
(Including $77,823 90, losses of
previous years) $1,859,977 4S
Dividends to Stockholders 838,340 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage '. 493,877 41
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
; charges for officers, clerks, etc. 323,787 79
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes A*. 27,008 94
AH other payments and expendi-
tures 126.170 69
Total Expenditures $2.674.3C2 21
Losses Incurred during the vear. .$1,421,107 00
Risks & Premiums. | Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks '-.
written during the
year $2,601,561. 750 $5,156,131 82
Net amount of Rinks
expired during the •
year ............. 2.433.4S1.79S 4,813.323 62
Net amount in force ->
December 31. 1002. 1.833,810.333 2.RC7.216 04
ROBERT VON GORSCHEN. Prest.
FRITZ SCHROEDER. GenL Mgr.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 16th
day of June. 1903. .
/ . FRANKLIN BEAUDRT.
U. S. Consul.
STATEMENT
OS* THX— •
CONDITION" AND APFATBS
HANOVERFIRE
!! Insurance Company
OF XEW YOKK. IN THE STATE Or NEW
York, on th« 31st day of December, A. D.
1902. and for the year ending: on that day, ma
made to the Insurance Commissioner of th»
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code.
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock paid up
in Cash 11.000.000 00
ASSETS. ;
Heal Kstat? owned by Company .. $450,000 Oft
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.... 3.500 CO
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bond* owned by Company. . . 2.537.812 63
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral. . . 500 Ort
Cash In Company's office 19,731 Cl
Cash In Banks SC0.364 27
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 10,981 00
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 14 OS
Premium* In due Course of Col-
lection 434,0*4 14
Rents du* and accrued 1,903 At
Due from other Companies for Re- /
insurance on losses already paid. 21.393 89
• Total Assets .W. 795.187 35
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $103,135 33
Losses In process of Adjustment
or In Suspense 130,765 3*
Losses resisted, including: expenses. 44.3SS 30
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. 11.737.-
7S8 82: reinsurance 50 per cent... 868,891 41
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- l
nlng; more than one year. $1,606.-
213 88: reinsurance pro rata 8»K>.231 S3
Commissions and Brokerage due
and to become dua 90.140 17
All other Liabilities 41.939 43
Total Liabilities .....JZ14S.514 80
HfCOME. ~
Net cash actually reeetred for Fire
premiums $2,242,033 50
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages ITS 00
Received for interest and dlvidandx
an Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources W.22S K"»
Received for rents 27.322 SS
Received from all other sources.... 82.862 M
Total Income .....$2,433,819 84
r EXPENDITURES. ~
Net amount paid for Fira Losses
(including $247,667 81. losses of
previous years) ............... ..$l,109.«OT SO
Dividends to Stockholders 80,000 CO
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage .'. 439.52S 27
Paid for Salaries.. Fees and otasr
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 153,244 02
Paid for State. National and Local
.taxes ;..........<..... 60, COO 43
AU other payment* and expendi-
tures 169.RM 33
Total Expenditures $2,012.803 37
Losses incurred during the year. .$1.174.143 6S
Risks and Premiums. |Fir» Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount of Ri.iksl I
-written during the !
year $315.624.760i$3.243.033 C7
Net amount of Risks I
expired during the
year 264.309,8041 2.707.120 40
Net amount in force) !
December 31. 1902...1 333.87J.514I 3.344.00S 70
CHAS. A. SHAW, Prest.
JOS. McCORD. Secy.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this
2Sth day of January, 1903.
CHARLES F. SHAW.
Commissioner for California In New Tork.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
xo sats' 'juzajm or de. XiAirezarcs's woitoeepuh
mm Vacuum Developer
]^^m/f AND INVIGORATOR '
,, Jt <I«Ickly and permanenUy restores Lost Strength, cures
LATEST >^4 varlcocele. Stricture, Prostatic Troubles. Drains, and Develops
lyrcyrD^'ytf Shrunken. Dwarfed or Undersized parts by a simple HOME
&/W ™EATMEXT.
-W It is the only method that stimulates a free circulation of
_/fs*St the blood Into the debilitated organs. thus ¦ permanently
W mt *¦. ttrengthening and enlarging them.
(f ( f Write for full particulars and our 64-page illustrated book
\ \, • No. 8, showing male Byatem and fully explaining our remark-
' ? able methods, sent sealed in plain envelope— FREE Every'
• man should read it.
< Our physicians aw reliable and experienced Specialists and
cure all Diseases of Men by modern and successful methods.
Consultation free and confidential at offices or by mall. Hours, '
t a. m. to 9 p. m. Sun days. 10 to L Also open evenings.
| £uf Health Appliance Co.
B :^5 6 O>7ABSz:ZA ST « in—X Market), SAW TRAVCZSCO.PERSONALS.
Miss Augusta Braeg left on Thursday
for New. York on a business trip. She will
return within five weeks for her opening
reception.
Mrs. A. Meyer of Los Angeles, who Is
visiting Mrs. A. Blumenthal, will receive
on Thursday afternoon at 1347 Golden
Gate avenue. .' --
• • •
• • •
Mrs. Prendergast and her daughter
Rose are spending their vacation In So
noma. ': '¦¦ '/:¦;¦¦
Mrs. Hartman, who has been visiting
her. son: in Honolulu for the last three
months, Is expected back soon.
Mrs. William M. Morgan and her
daughter Lillian returned from Santa
Cruz after a sojourn of two weeks. .-
Dr. Tryphlnnie B. Janes has returned
from a three months' visit to New, York
and other Eastern cities.
' Mr. and Mrs. G. W. McKean, Miss Hil
da McKean: and Miss Adelaide Jenkins
are rusticating at Duncans Springs.'
;, Harry D. Kerr and his \ mother have
spent the past week visiting relatives here
and In Oakland. Mr. Kerr is a* musician
at. »-arpnr}rq>)1fl ability p n fl tlAS WOIX ~ the
In Hungary the prices of veterinary
medclnes are fixed by the Ministry of Ag
riculture.
Join at Honolulu for Sydney— Charles
Bates. R. Bell, R. Blcknell, Mrs. Bick
nell. Miss C. Canfleld, Miss Cole, TV.
Douglas. Mrs. Douglas, C. Hunt. Miss
Marshall, Miss G. Roscoe, H. Slott. Miss
M. Stanton, C. Stlne, Mrs. Stlne.
Nathan, John Teddy, W. Thornton, Mrs.
Thornton and child, Mrs. M. A. Uniacka,
J. W. Williams, Miss E. B. Williams.
Sydney— Mrs. F. K, Armon. Captain 3.
Babcock, E. O. Davies, F. J. Donohue,
Mrs. A. M. Durrant, Miss P. F. Faithful.
Mrs. W. C. Fields, Mrs. G. A. Hodson,
Harry E. Kelley, James Kelley, Profes
sor A. Koebele, C. R. Lidgey, W. Ltnd
gren, Mrs. Ltndgren. Dr. J. H. B. Martin,
Mrs. Martin, James McLaughlin, Mrs.
McLaughlin, William McNellage. D.
O'Connor," Mrs. O'Connor, Miss Molly
O'Connor, Mra. E. H. Palmer, Rev. W. B.
Palmore. J. F. Pearson, R. . W. Pringle,
Mrs. Pringle, Hon. G. W. Smith. Mrs.
Smith, Miss Smith, G. F. Todman, Dr.
H. J. Twlss. A. B. Wolf
Missj Katie Schary was the recipient of
a pleasant party on Sunday evening, July
12, tendered by her many friends at her
parents' residence, 1236 Folsom street.
Dancing, music and games were indulged
in until a late hour. The guests were
served with a dainty repast. The Invited
were: Mary Schoenfeld. Julius Jacobs,
Reva Felix, Sam Harrison, Emma
Schoenfeld, Dr. LevI, Gertie Davis, Mr.
Raphael, Bertha Greenberg. Ira Altman.
Dora Cohn, Abe Label, Millie Edises,
Ellas Schwartz, Clara Corrllon, Harry
Buchman, Llllie Goldman, Ralph Coons,
Millie Marks. Milton Feig, Rosle Epstein,
Sol Michaels, Emanuel Schoenfeld, Ada
Edises, Monte Nathan and Gus Goldstein.
The guests at the "Bungalow," the
home of Mrs. B. B. Duncan and Mrs.
Thomas Kyle, report having a delightful
time. Mrs. S. C. Wallis and Charles Wal
lls spent Monday at the "Bungalow."
• * •
A pleasant family reunion is being held
at "Mount Pleasant," In the Santa Cruz
Mountains, the home of Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas Thompson. Among those who
are participating in the happy event are
the Misses Nett and Emma Thompson,
who bave just returned from a several
years' visit in the East; Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas Thompson, Miss' Jennie Thomp
son, Clyde Thompson, Mr. and Mrs. Ralph
Thompson and Mr. and Mrs. George
Thompson.
agurated an evening of music, recitations,
games . and dancing and then enjoyed a
luncheon in the spacious dining hall.
Those who made up the party were. In ad
dition to the surprised, Mr. and Mrs.
Klein: Misses Eva Wolff, Hattie Klein,
Rose Klein, Olivia Depass, Jessie Depass,
H. Simon. Dora Keller. Lillian Kel
ler, Annie Keller, Rosie Rotholz, Lena
Rotholz and Gertie Rotholz and Messrs.
T. Depass, R. Kavinelenskl, Joseph, Louis
and Isaac Wolff, Robert and Edward
Rotholz and Charles and Joseph Green.
• •¦"«'•
The following passengers sailed on tho
steamship Sonoma for Honolulu and other
points Thursday last:
Honolulu— Afong, W. D. Alexander. R.
H. Anderson, Mrs. Anderson, Mrs. O. J.
Bettis, TV. A. Bowen, "WV W." Bruner, C.
L. Carter, T. W.. Carter Jr., W. H. Dodge,
Mrs. Dodg« and two children, Miss A. G.
Fennane, Fred Fleischman, H. G. Flelsch
man, Miss Carolyn Gaylord, Miss F. Gll
lett. Miss K. Ishida, W. F. James, Miss
M. D. Jones, F. J.. Klerce, Professor
Keobele, W. Llngren, Mrs. Lingren, P.
Schmidt von Galden. E. R. Spangler,
Noah H. Swayne, Mrs. Swayne, W. C.
Love, Louis Marks, Mrs. Marks, Mrs. C.
L. Maynard, V. P. McGean, Miss A. M.
McGean, Dr. J. T. . McGrew, Miss Mc-
Grew," D,r. N. H. Morrison. Mrs. Morri
son, N. Morrison, Miss Morrison, George
Myers, Mrs. Myers, J. Noar, Mrs. C. H.
O'Harnett, Mrs. Edwin Parsons, Mlllard
Patterson, Mrs. Patterson, C H. Potman,
Mrs. Polman, E. A. Rowland. Mrs. Row
land, R.' Slaughter, J.- A. Wilder, Miss L.
I. Williamson, R." Ai Woods."
Auckland— P. P. Flood, .W. Hume. H.
J. Keith,' S. W. Marsh, Mrs. S. McDou
gaU,-Mrs. H. J. Magtnnlty, Maurice G.
Eddie James has returned to New York
City.
Mrs. Gibney of Geyserville and daugh
ter Avis of Boston were the guests of
Mrs. Lane of Lacuna street last week.
Miss Gibney left Thursday for New York,
where she joins a dramatic company.
Miss Elizabeth Chapman of Alameda
is spending the summer in Chicago as the
guest of her friend, Mrs. Dudley, former
ly of San Francisco.
Mrs. J.I Czerioinsky, Miss Sarah Mag
ner and Miss Edna Speyer have gone to
Skaggs Springs..
Miss McCloskey and Miss Ella V. Me-
Closkey have returned to the city after
spending a month In San Rafael.
Mrs. I. Rosenthal of Stockton Is now
registered at Hotel Rochambeau.
Mrs. C. McFadden, accompanied by the
Misses Katharine and Emma McFadden
and Ethel Gordon, has taken a cottage
at Capitola for the season.
• . • •
Mrs. Eugene "W. Levy has leased her
cottage at Sausalito to Mrs. Florence L.
Deuprey.
Mrs. C. G. Mlnifie and daughter Irene
of San Francisco are spending the sum
mer at Santa Cruz.
: Mrs. E. M. North, well known in San
Francisco as a teacher in the public
schools and as a writer of short stories,
has just returned from Boston, where she
attended the National Educational Con
vention and well represented the San
Francisco department. Mrs. North has
gone to Pacific Grove.
W. F. Dunne, operator and clerk of the
Southern Pacific Company, and wife and
G. W. McLeod of the western division will
,be at Lake Tahoe this month. .'
• ¦ ¦ . • . -•
esteem of a host of friends. After tour
ing the "West he returns to New York to
take his degree at the Albany School of
the Law.
AT DEER PARK INN: From San Francisco
—A. F. Cosgrove and wife. J. Cosgrove, L. G.
Rowell, wife and son; P. Boettcher, A. A. Van
Voorhles and party, Oagood Putfiam, Mlsfc
Elizabeth W. Putnam. Miss Laura Van Wyck,
Nan S. Burkhave. ; Elsie L. Moraghan, Dr.
F. F. Knoru, Milton B. Morarhan, Mrs. M.
Esberg, Mis. S. Sussman, Miss Sussman, Miss
Amy Sussman. Alice Sussman, the Misses Arn
steln, Justin W. Ksberg. Mrs. Kern, Wanda
Kern, A. M. Whittle. Mr. and Mrs. F. W.
Magee. From Oakland— Van Larue. Grace
Gibson, Dr. and Mrs. Edward von Adeluns; and
two sons, Mrs. O. Dural, Edwin A. Dural,
Miss Minnie Lewis, Mrs. William H. Heigh,
Ralph B. Heigh. From Bolmont— Miss D.
Wakelee, Miss Harriet Reed,' Eugene Jorale
mon and wife. From Cambridge, Mass.'— Ira
B. Jora lemon. From Alameda— Miss Florence
Magnln, J. H. Stelger. From Los Angeles —
Mr. and Mrs. Rlndee and three children, Mr.
an.l Mr». V. W. Owen. From Vallejo— Dr.
James H. Hogan and wife." From Tacoma,
Wafch. — F. A. Huffer. From Frultvale — C. D.
Bennett, Mr*. C D, Bennett, Miss Victoria.
Bennett. From Sunnyslde — Mrs. William
Brie**, Mlf* Murie Ransom, M. Rtdent. From
Preston— Miss Night. 1. It. D. Grubb. wife
AT ADAMS SPRINGS: From San Francisco
—A. E. Clarke. L. H. Pedlar, Martin Noone,
J. Harnctt H. Gordon and wife. Miss Alice
Gordon. Miss Mattle Gordon. J. C. Sheehan,
H. Lunsmann and son. J. H. Lunsmann, Mr.
and Mrs. John Mora. W. Adams, Agnes Mur
phy. Emily L. Murphy, Thomas and Mrs. Shea
beu, James Powers. Mrs. McLaughlin. John
Carroul and wife. Mrs. Emma Truff, P. M.
Klesane and wife, Bert Wren. William H.
Cannon, John A. Evatt, James E. Ward, David
Murphy. Thomas F. Byrne, N. Carmlchael, Ed
Stiffens and wife. Margaret Howard. May
Howard, Dr. Harry C. Mentz and wife, Oscar
Hoberg D. W. Cronin, T. C. Murphy, Chailes
Wynun, John P. Collins, Dr. O. S. Kucut. J.
J. Kucut, Theodore Retchert, Mrs. Theodore
Relchert. A. J. Maguire. Lazar Puthica. H.
Vogel, R. Stelnman, Joseph Rowland, Robert
L. Morton. Mrs. J. C. B. Hebbard, Miss M. A.
Schroth Florence G. Sehroth. A. E. Krull, T.
J. Lowery, J. C. O'Connor, Mrs. J. L. Porter,
P. Geterlck. V. P. McDevltt. I. H. Schleef, I.
Ivancovrcn. Timothy Sullivan, Alex Hay, I.
Ru«t. J. Algren. Mrs. A. Algren, R. Algren,
H. Mohr R. Gerbes. Mta« J. Fleming, Miss L.
Barry. Mr. and Mrs. F. Stark, F. O'Connell.
John H. Rosenbohm, W. M. Spryer, M. J. Hef
fernan, Charles Kalisky. S. Axelrod, V. Bern
stein, E. J. McCarthy, C. Kastner. George G.
Van Slyck. H. Kroger. F. Tobln, Mary Mc-
Ginnis, J. Brltt, Lcnor Carbona. From Denver,
Col.— Mrs. R. R. Blair, Miss Gladys Sanaford.
From Vallejp — Gcnevleve McGinne**, V. J.
Vayaws, Mrs. J. Bradley, Mi»s E. Mc-
Enerney, Mies Minnie McEnerney. Miss K.
McCudden, Miss A. McCauley. Mrs. E. J.
McCauley. ¦ Thomas McCudden. From Los
Angeles-*-Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Burge, Mr. and
Mrs. Mason C. Ford. From Santa Monica —
William Jones and son. From Duarte — Alex
Saundere. From Pasadena — Miss Anna Med
<alf. Miss Minnie Westfaul. From St. Louis,
Mo. — Adolph Kohler. From Frnitvale— George
Dowllng, Mr. and . Mrs. John Mora. From
Vacavllle — MUs Grace McMurty. Harry Rob
erts'. W. A. De«kin. From Suisun — Will Swee
ney, May E. Sweeney. From Bakersfleld — M.
St. Clalr and daughter. From Cordelia — Otto
Glafhoff and wife. Miss Clara Glashoff, Miss
Marie Glashcff. From Berkeley — C. R. Morse,
T. A. Smith, Dr. S. D. Block, M. J. Jeffers.
Milton Schwartx. Mrs, M. Spence. Heard
Spence. From Hanfonl — I. M. Hitchcock, J.
Ivencovlch. A. Sablch. From Napa County —
Edward Larger. Rev. M. D. Slattery. J. W.
Bailey. From Mendoclno County— H. H. El
liott. William Harrison. Harold Manning. From
Lake Coonty — H. H. Wilson, Robert Broad and
wife. Aug Westing and son. j From Oakland—
Nellie E. Malte, Mrs. J. D. Ernst. J. P. Gar
lick. From Sacramento — J. J. Nagle, Mrs.
Griffin and daughter, M. Brody. From San
Rafael — Owen Casey. P. Ross, Jacob Bloom.
AT PARAISO SPRINGS: From Ran Fran
cisco—R. Doak, E. Huslng, W. W. Pierce and
wife. J. W. Horn, O. Eldrldge, E. A. Kober
and family, Mrs. C. E. Guynn. A. Laughlin,
L. Crocker. J. R. Sayer, Mrs. Warren E. Mur
ray. Miss Vera Murray, Mies May Harper, Dr.
F. Rag»n, H. H. Lang and son, Harry Backer,
Miss Katharine MrGouph, Miss Katie Hag
gerty. E. C. Doward, J. B. Brewster, wife
and daughter; Ella Bridge. Mrs. W. A. Under
hlll, J. P«rrault Underhlll. <Tt. H. Jones and
wife, O. H. Claney. Nlel Crlghy. From Oak
land—MIm Virginia Levy. Miss Lyly Clark,
Stella G. Trask. Miss M. Trask. From Monte
rey—T. J. Field, Charles O. White, Miss Flor
ence Schanffle. From Redwood — J. J. Bul
lock. From Los Angeles — Mrs. George Eorn
bury, E. Stelgelman. From Alameda — E. B.
Vreeland and wife, • F. F. McAvoy, W. H.
White, P. W. Morse. From Santa Cruz— J. W.
Scott. Edna Scott. . . From Mexico— R. j H. Sni
der. W. RUS3CH. «
Davis, Mrs. Davis, E. E. Perley, Al Gordon,
Mrs. A. Gordon. D. K. Renner. E. D. Wil
liam, Mrs. E. D. William. Mrs. W. T. Mc-
Laughlin, Miss C. McLaughlin. Miss Mary Mc-
Laugiilin. S. P. KunWer. Miss Emma Duff, C.
O. Woodruff, E. D. Woodruff, D. Marshall. A.
Ebbit». Charles Vltt, O. Mish. Mrs. S. Mish.
Miss Pearl Salien. John F. Pidwell. Mm. John
Pidwell. H. W. McCarty. Mrs. McCarty, W.
H. Montague, -D. Stapleton. From Oakland —
H. G. Ellsworth. Mrs. Ellsworth. A. Bluming
thal, Mrs. Blumlngthal. Charles Blumlngthal,
W. H. Rodda, Mrs. Rodda, Carl Mead, E.
Dowdell, W. H. J. Mathews, J. W. Mathewa.
Georce Kfthl, Carl Ulrich. From Vallejo—
R. L. Shay, Mrs. Shay. Miss Helen Shay.
Tlllie McN'aire. From Santa Rosa— Mabel How
ell, W. S. Linsey. From Berkeley— L. C. Mc-
Nulty. B. M. Estle. From Healdsburg— S. My
ers.-Mrs. Myers. Miss Widland. Miss E. Way
land; Samuel L. Goldstein. Jennie Hassett,
S. Lorry, Myrtle Rosenbnrg.
AT LYTTON SPRINGS— From San Fran
cisco — Mrs. Alice McGee, A. S. Weaver, Mrs.
Weaver, C. E. Howard, Mies Lee Obea, Miss
May Lundburg, Mies M. Lewis, Miss S. Ames
iK-rry, Charles Schultz, M. D.: H. C. Finkler.
Joseph J. Blifts. J. W. Leggett, C. A. McGee.
Miss L!ln> Novlnskie. Min Esther Norinsk!*,
«:. E. Culberron. Mrs. Calbcmon. T. J. Wil
#on. O. J. McElroy. W. D. Scarlock, Dr. F.
Kirk, Dr. R. C. Maynard, Mrs. Oertrode May
rz-d. Miss P. Maynard. Mrs. Dr. John Wag
r:*r, Helen Wagner, Terera Summerfleld, Nat
Kalishnefler. MUs Laura Ellis. H. L. Foy, H.
AT TAHOE TAVERN: From San Francisco
—Mr. and Mrs. W. G. Irwln. Miss Heleae Ir
uin. Mrs. Lewit Gtrttle, Miss Gerstle. Mr.
end Mrs. R. V. Whltiner, Mrs. Elep.nor Hum
rtireys. Miss Marlon ¦Zetle. Miss Ruth Zeile,
Mr. and Mrs. Frt-d Siaei>e, Mr. and Mrs. H.
J-aiTxl. William H. Cro'-ker. Mr. and Mrs. Gor
don Blanding, Mis-. Bl&ndin^. Mies Safari T.
Blandinr. Miss HenrfeUe de E. islanding. Kaw
lintoti Reade. S. N. BoEtwick. Mr. and Mr>.
P. N. Hanna. Mrs. W. H. Mills. Mies Elizabeth
Mills. Mr*. William S. Tevin, Mr. and Mrs.
W. It. Tobey, Mr. and Mrs. George C Board
rran, Mr. and Mrs. Frank Janes, Mr«. V. K.
Maddcx. Knox Maddox. Gavin McNab and
r.ife. Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Clalborne Jr.. Mr.
end Mrs. F. A. Gardner. Mr. and Mrs. Thomas
Addifon und daughter. Mi-f. S. Lllienthal and
family. Mrs. B. G. Lillenthal and family. From
Oakland — Rev. Dr. B«k«-well and wife, Mr. and
Mrs. George de Golia, MUs de Golia. Mr. and
Mrs. A. Schilling. Kirt Rose Kales. Miss Else
Schilling. Rudolph Schilling. Mrs. D. H. Jack
*on. Mies Jackson. Mist; McKee. Mist Joint
Garbtr. From AlamMa— Mrs. F. W. Van Siok
l»«n and thr*e children. Miss Van Klcklcn, Mr.
end Mrs. W. A. Bissell. W. H. Bissell. D. R.
Biss«ll. O. C. Haslett. From Lob Anjreles —
Mr. ajid lire. F. H. Rlndjre and thr«e children,
MiM Alice E. Knight. Mr. and Mrs. Mllo A.
Baker. Mr. and Mrs. Lee A. Phillips and child.
TV. B. Stewart. Mr. and Mrs. Virgil W. Owen.
I"rom Chicago — Misc Cudahy. Miss Clara Cud
*hy. Mr. and Mrs. John C. Hately, Mies Hately.
Ml*« M. Hately, MIm L. Hately. From New
York City— Mr. and Mrs. L. M. Bchwan. From
Stockton — Samuel Frankenhe'.mer and wife.
From San Jose — Mrs. Knox Goodrich. From
Facranu-nto — Mr. and airs. William Bkeels.
Mlfs Nellie Biddon*. From Columbus, Ohio —
C L. Kurtz. From Sacramento — W. S. Melick.
From Truckee — H. H. Scales. From Berkeley —
Thomas £acford.
AT KLAMATH SPRINGS: From San Fran
cleco—Fred H. Chase ( J. M. Einstein. Charles
F. Hoey, D. C. Schoenfeld. H. B. Getleson.
From Bacramento — J. 8. Frazee. From Palo
Alto — E. B. Copeland. Los Angeles — W. D.
Woohlme and wife, Lewis Woohime," Martha
Woohlme. From Chico— T. B. Hart. From
Yreka — W. E. Couper and family. From Grid
ley — Thomas vB. Hutchlns and son. From
Portland. Or. — J. A. Manley. From Keno, Or
— J. L. Bateman. From Klamath Falls, Or.
Mrs. F. W. Jennings., From. Chicago— E.j
Slbbald. .... ''¦ ,'• r
AT HOITT'S, MENLO PARK: From San
Francisco — Mrs. George Davidson, Miss Elinor
Davidson. J. N. Blair/ Elma Banders, Mrs. D.
S. Almada, Miss Laura Almada, Mr. and Mrs.
A. R. Fredericks, Master Joseph Fredericks.
Mrs. E. J. Jackson, Mrs. M. Misippo and son,
Leo Merle. Ambrose Flnnegan, Robert Power,
W. J. Mitchell. Robert F.- Elder. Mr. and Mrs.
L. V. Merle Miss Merle, Miss Mollie Merle,
Mrs. B. T. Lacy, Lyman Lacy, Sydney Lacy,
Miss Lacy, MUs Margaret Lacy.
AT HOTEL DEL CAZADERO— From San
Francisco — William J. M. Dennis and wife,
Mrs. Charles Lechten, Louis Schlatter. F. L.
McLillan. V. R. Stirling, J. Levy, Edgar Levy,
Mrs. A. Isaacs, Mrs. Reede, Mrs. John G. Wet
more and child, -Mrs. J. Munson, Miss Mabel
Charles, R. B. Fenton. A. W. Lenforth . and
wife, Mrs. A. .8. Front and child, M» Shirley
and Bon, Phil Klefer and wife, Ernest Kucch
and wife, Max Durnow and wife, Mrs. Joulus,
Hans Evanl and wife,- Frank T. Wetmore, W.
E. Baker, C 8. Ruggles Jr., George Cole.
Mr. and Mrs. .Sermon, J. R. Juonland. Miss
M. Pike, Miss N Pike, Miss Lillian Lugg,
John Garberle and wife, William Sexton, Miss
Kate Sexton, Miss Nettie Sexton, L. T. Coffin,
Frank Green, Miss F. Green. • Alice Green.
From Berkeley — George S. Nasper, Wilson
Fundy, Greek Howard, Bob Belby, Mrs. J.
Ambrose, Phyllis Ambrose, Miss M., M. Jack
son. MIbs E. M. Jackson. From 8an Rafael —
A. R. Powers. From Oakland — James Rouake,
J H. Rouake and wife, D. J. Hallahan. From
Smiting Ridge— E. U. Walk.
GILROY HOT SPRINGS — From San Fran
cisco—Captain W. H. Barr, William G. Barr,
F. T. Martens. P. J. Ryan. D. J. Ryan, Mrs.
G. J. Cronin and child, M. Laden, Mrs. Hyman
Bacon. Miss Minnie Bacon, Mrs. R. B. Mershon,
J. H. O'Connor and wife. Mrs. Duane. NorrU
Hovey. W. C. Sehwan, William H. Larkln,
J J. Johnston and wife, L. R. Agard, W. T.
Miller, H. N. Gilmore and wife, Constance GU
more. John J. Frank. P. L. Patterson. George
H. Brooke, J. A. Bond and wife. Franklin
Becker, T. A. Allen Jr., Charles Gray, William
F. Gray, Albert Gantner, Robert Lally, Charles
Keweckel, George Brown;. From Menlo Park —
J. E. Maloney. From San Jose — Mrs. C. W.
Cobb. Miss Janet Cobb. From Watsonville—
Charles F. Smith, Mrs. M. S. Lopes, M. S.
Lopes Jr. From Oakland — Miss Louise F.
Geary. H. Lovery, J. B. Smith. From Eureka —
C. S. Mllnes, wife and children. From Fres
no—William Wandsleben. From Mountain
View — J. S. Enrlght. From Hollister — Charles
Furror. From Gllroy — P. R. Mostariza, Law
rence Cullen. Miss Kate Callen, W. B. Jack
eon, James E. Kannely.
AT HOTEL, VEXDOME, SAX JOSE: From
San Francisco — J. B. McXamara, Mrs. James
M. Qoewey, Mrs. L,. A. Spencer, Father Philip
Byrnes. K. L. Atklnnon and party. Mr. and
Mrs. C. G. H. McBride. Master McBrlde. A.
S. Goldsmith, G. Frank Albright, Miss Neva
Humphreys, S. E. Epler, Henry Kahn, O. W.
Leffler. J. C. Schulte. Mrs. W. A. Klnney and
son, Mrs. Sidney V. Smith. Miss Smith. Sidney
V. Smith Jr., Mrs. W. S. Bartlett, Miss M. F.
Bartlett. George C. Kroll, W. S. Stitt, Miss
Margaret Lyman, Miss Edith Harkness,
Stanley HarkneBS, W. S. Bartlett and child, F.
E. H. Frost. C. E. Gilman. M. Kellogg, J. G.
WriKht, C. B. Ryland. \V. B. Gates, Paul
Shoupe, Fred J. Claxton, Milton Pray. Miss
Sparhawk H. J. Bremer. Albert B. Bender,
Mrs. William Wehner, Miss Wehner. H. L.
Middleton, C. A. Smith. Miss M. KellogK. Miss
F. L. Bell, Grant Donohue, Mr. and Mrs. L.
M. Crease. Thomaa G. Taylor and wife. Miss
S. G. Taylor, Mrs. L. H. Taylor, Mrs. C. C.
Robert*, C. S. Quick. Fred M. Pickering, Miss
Rhoda Plckerlngr. Miss Marie Pickering. Leslie
J. Harkness Donald Spencer, Mr. and Mrs. C.
G. Hooker. Mr. and Mr». H. Beckman. Ed F.
Armstrong, Mr. and Mrs. William Gruenhagen,
G. H. Elliott and wife and child. Miss Jami
son, J. XV. Ward, Mr. and Mrs. Andrews, Toby
G. Hushes, J. W. Hicks, Mrs. L. Loupe, J.
C. Van Itaas, J. Dalzell Brown, J. Otway Sad
ller, B. M. Bradford, James Corning, A. J.
Elmore. G. J. Smith. P Urmy. Mr. and Mrs.
A. M. Barker, W. S. Arnold. Maude Duke An
drews. Mrs. H. W. Tay and daughter, Mrs.
W. H. Morrow and daughter. J. G. Gustlne,
Henry Jenkins, J. B. Brewster and wife, George
W .Clyde, Edward M. Brown, J. W. Elste,m,
Frank U. McDonald Jr., Harry C. Pendleton,
J. M. Mendell, E. T. Sterling, I. Tobrlner, John
R, Sayers, Mr. and Mrs. Alfred 8. Rlx, E. S.
Swain. R. I. Bentley. D. J. McKay, the Misses
Agnew, F. W. Belckoft, Miss Nelly Sullivan,
Mrs. I. Kohn, Miss Edith Levy. Mies Enid
Ackmnan, Thurlow McMullen, F. J. Devey,
O. H. Arnold and wife. Miss L. Hammer, Mrs.
E Otis, W. S. Reed, Mrs. Edw. J. Ackerman,
Horace V. Scott, Mr. and Mra. Charles S. Mid
dleton Miss J2 Feusler, A. Green. Miss Mabel
Green,' Roy Van Vllet, Mrs. C. Isaacs, D. L.
Newman, G. P. Meyer, Mrs. G. Van. Mrs. J.
F. Baker, Miss Hassel, Thomas G. Spillane and
wife. From Oakland — Mrs. Thomas Crellen,
Miss Crellen, Mrs. E. F. Taylor, Miss Dorothy
Taylor, Ernest R. Folger. From Detroit, Mich.
— Mr. and Mrs. W. G. Campbell Miss Alice
B. Collins. ¦¦¦¦; ;¦¦.¦' .
and son, Mr*. Horare Smyth and E. Hunn
Hansom will be among the late July arrivals.
-A.T THE &TTl±/£%/EJaZR RESORTS
Last Sunday a number of the friends of
M. Klein tendered him a surprise party at
his residence, 334 Cumberland street. After
taking possession of the house they in-
HOME PASTIES.
An entertainment was given by juvenile
talent at Camp Taylor on Saturday, the
annual chlldrens' day. The following pro
frarame was rendered:
Address of welcome, Miss Edith Pelton;
piano duet, Gardner and Hazel Beach;
recitation, Ruth Schleutcr; piano solo,
Henrietta Rosenblum; song, Dorothy
Wain wright; fancy dance. Blanche
Lyons; cornet solo, Jackson Wlertz; -«ec-
Itation, Beatrice Bartlett; song, Gardiner
Beach; violin solo, Eleanor Shenton;
cakewalk, Marlon Pelton; aong, Blanche
Lyons; recitation, Lucille Rogers; gitltar
solo, Martha Ma thews; song. Hazel Mont
gomery; recitation Mabel Lewis.
Then came the grand march, led by
Master Edgar Gesson and Blanche Lyons,
after which dancing and refreshments
were enjoyed. Before dancing in the
evening campers and guests listened to a
pleasing list of selections, as follows:
Overture, O'Brien Sisters' Orchestra;
vocal solo, Mrs. Strahle; Italian imper
sonations, L. Folk; vocal solo, Miss Min
nie Huff; violin solo. Miss Rose O'Brien;
recitation, Mr. Kaenitz; cornet imitation,
Mrs. Welgel.
A birthday party was tendered to Julius
Heuer at the residence of Mr. and Mrs.
Lohsen at 1812 Scott street under the
auspices of the "Club of Three" on Satur
day evening. An excellent and varied pro
gramme was rendered by Miss Nellie
Farrell and Messrs. Will Altman, O.
Fields, W. Stern, R. Alexander, F. Pollnl,
W. Burckhalter, II. Ganther. and , H. Sut
cllffe, after which the guests enjoyed re
freshments. Present, in addition to those
named, were the Misses Agnes, May and
Rose McLaughlin, Catherine Covert, Eve
lyn Zinn, Irene Lewis, Gertrude Sollir.an,
Delia Farrell and Mercy and Alice Tread
well and Messrs. Henry, Richard and
Will Lohsen, H. J. Arnold, Julius Epp
steln, Harry Loenthal, M. J. Costello and
Walter H. Taisen.
A unique entertainment will be griven
for charity on August 20 at the Trinity
Presbyterian Church by pupils of the
Jenne Morrow Long College of Voice and
Action. Mrs. Frank Dalton and Mrs. E.
G. Dennison have supervision of the ar
rangements. The "at home" given on
May 29 by the students was so successful
a departure that the participants have
been invited to give a similar programme
at several adjacent towns in the near
future and the entertainment on August
20 will be the first of a series.
CIiXJB PARTIES.
Miss Amelia V. Barbagelata of Oakland
and James H. Anderson of San Francisco
were married on Thursday afternoon by
Rev. George G. Eldredge.
Charles "W. Penniman, clerk of the IMck
House, and Miss Abbie McDonald were
married at the home of the groom's
mother, 1828 Eddy street, last Wednes
day evening. The happy young couple
have gone to Catalina Island and South
ern California on their honeymoon.
The wedding of Miss Martha Degener
and John Von Ahnden Jr. took place at
the home of the bride, 1190 Eddy street,
Tuesday evening last. The ceremony was
performed by the Rev. J. Fuendeling at
8:30 o'clock, in the presence of about
sixty relatives and friends. Miss Emma
Von Ahnden was maid of honor and Miss
Lily Wolfes, Miss Else Hoesch and Miss
Hattie Dunker were bridesmaids. Gustav
Degener was best man and Charles
Foard, Arthur T. Ehrenpfort and Henry
Lunebur&^were the groomsmen. After
receiving the congratulations of the many
guests a wedding supper was served in
the banquet hall, where many toasts
were offered, after which dancing was en
joyed. The happy couple were the recip
ients of many beautiful presents. They
are enjoying their honeymoon at Lake
Tah'oe and on their return to this city will
take apartments at the Altamont.
WEDDINGS.
Mr. and Mrs. K. Levin announce the en
gagement of their daughter, Stella; to
Archy Levine. They will receive July 26,
from 2 to 5 p. m., at their home,. 141
Grove street.
ENGAGEMENTS.
Nerve is certainly a useful commodity
at times, and keeps the ball rolling,, as
in the present instances, where people ara
out of town .struggling to kill time.
- EOPLE out of town at the
T" S^v resorts are drawing crowds
of admirers for their auto
>v y' mobiles as much as their
bank accounts. Every acci
" ** dent, seems to enhance • the
fascinations of the wlcfced machine rather
than ' dampen the ardor of would-be
chauffeurs. Those who are spilled out
pull themselves together and with true
American * pluck get up more automobile
parties. x -,-'¦ • v ;
IN THE
SOCIAL
WORLD
THE SAN FKA^CISCO CALL/SUNDAY, JULY 19, 1903.
Continued on Page 37, Column 1,
-; ' • - - %
36
ATiVTij'R.TTS'rlf'M KN'l'fl.
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON'S
LATEST PORTRAIT.
My Beauty
Is the best evidence X have that my
treatment and my preparations will
make yon beautiful. I use what X recom-
mend you to use. -
X GUABAHTES my personal office
treatment to remove
FRECKL.ES. . RED ROSE
11OTH PATCHES, BLOOD DISEASE,
PIMPLES. RED VEINS.
£££££ HEADS, FLESH WORMS,
MOLES, , . '> ECZEMA,
WARTS. BLEMISHES.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR, SUNKEN LOOK.
WRINKLES. PALLING HAIR.
THIN EYEBROWS, . DANDRUFF.
PUSTULES. HOLLOW CHEEK8.
DISFIGUREMENTS, YELLOW SKIN,
PITTINGS, v ROUGH SKIN.
I Remove All Blemiste. •
v ,No Charge for iilyice.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR PERMANENT-
LY BEMOVED BY THE ELEC-
. TRIC NEEDLE. ABSOLUTELY .
HO 7AZLUBE. * '¦ %
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON,
SXS1EATOX.OOXST,
140 Geary Street San Francisco
AD V EiiTlSE M K NTS.
Wrlnkln. sasslns of cbeeka. nabbtneas at
throat, bagging of evellda and smallpox pits
removed and fac» rejuvenated by th« «lectrla
roller method of treatment used by Dr. Cals-
tarato of Parla. ' .
'SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
Moles, blackheads, Ulangiectasem. naevt asd
; ether facial blemishes permanently remove.]
with the electric need:* without pain or »car.
Skin and tcalp diseases and baldness cured.
Brahman Toilet Cream and Brahman TootH
Powder for sale by the World Drug Co, J S.
potts Drue Co.. other drugzists and at ofllc« of
Dr. and Mrs. A. W. Traverse.
DERMATOLOGISTS.
Donohoe building. 1170 Markat st. roonu
2S-29. Hours. 1 to 4 p. m. - «
"A skin of beauty fa,» j oy foreve, •
WRINKLES, Sr*«?«--
_^^^^. ' Blemishes
>^^JSl a " j All Facia! Marks
jjrgTfijT/iLlrav f'nnanently (Amoved
mSgZ t^SSk *1IL'^' N * M ethod
MUmL \:£ M&Sk #l«XM> Reward for Any
mw^^.-^M^Wm Ca9e We Cannot Cure.
l&W&P *"0*i ¦ W§ Pain or Inconvenl -
Vr . / SUR\EY- e TORRA,\CE.
T ,\ Oldest Established Skln^N
¦ ¦%>>¦* — >> v '•WTt- .Spectallgts In the City.
., / 4O8 POST ST., S. P.
Importers of Ev«rythinij
' * ' for the Face
L1YING Jf™ o , nst «t!ons o« our work on n-
JTEWMAN & LEViygOy. _¦¦__ -¦ ¦ , -
Kearny and Sutter Sts. '^-"^^ggiq-^IiiMS^
Great Clearance Sale of Waists
' # (Third Floor Kearny Street)
Sale starts to-morrow morning — marvelous reductions have been made on our entire stock of
this season's high grade Waists — It is a well known fact that during our former Waist sales we have
offered some wonderful bargains — during this sale we will offer the greatest values in our history —
Here is some idea of prices,. old and new:
Stylish Wash Waists, made of white lawn, striped Beautiful Lawn Waists, tucked, hemstitched and trim-
madras, white and, colored cheviots, reduced from a o q - med with lace and embroidery, reduced from ,*- nn
$l-5o, 13.75 and $4.25 to. I>|t.oO ; 16. 50, J6.75 and $7.00 to ......._..... -- —... •^• uu
Dainty Waists, in Jong and short sleeves, some in Elegant Lawn Waists, low neck and short sf erves, trfm-
white lawn and embroidered cheviots, others in cfV raed with lace, embroidery and drawn work, re- --
silk zephyrs, were I4.50, and $5.25, now — «P^5.Ou duced from $8.25, $8.50 and |g.oo to-~ ~ ~ V- *^
Splendid Values in Black and Colored Silks
{fint Floor K»aray Street)
Here are four of the most attractive values in Silks offered this season — The goods are choice,
in the latest effects and priced away below their regular value :
NOVELTY SILKS — eo in. wide, in latest fancy „_ BLACK PEAU de SOIE — all silk, a firm, good _-
check and plaid effects; regular $1.00 quality at- v«C dress quality; worth $1.00 per yard, special at ......... '3C
STRIPED TAFFETAS— 24 in. wide, in blue and nn BLACK ALL SILK TAFFETA— 21 In. wide, a _-
white, and black and white; worth $1.25 yard, at $1 ?UU heavy rustling quality; value 95c per yard, special at /*>C
Matchless Display of Embroidery Allovers
(First Floor Kearny Strtet)
We are now showing a great variety of choicest Nainsook, Swiss and Cambric Allovers — for
waist coverings, yokes and sleeves — and offer to-morrow in conjunction with this exhibit, the
following exceptional values :
Fine tucked Cambric AHovers, 20 Inches wide, An Allovers of Valenciennes Inserting and Naln- esc n
speclalat, per yard - ..- 40C sook, 22 inches wide, very choice at per yard °^ c
. New effects in hemstitched Cambric Allovers, _ n Handsome novelty colored Allovers, In entirely n ~
22 Inches widi, special at, per yard 50C new effects, worth I1.50 per yard, at v * »W
Fancy tucked Swiss Allovers, 22 Inches wide; -^ Tucked Grass Cloth Allovers, 21 In. wide, fine ~-
exceptionally fine value at, per yard « o\)C and sheer; special at, per yard Vi.aD
Crochet Slippers — 75c Pair Sale of Leather Grips
(Third Floor Kearnj Street) , (First Floor Sutter Street)
' Ladies' Crochet Slippers made by hand of the best grade A splendid assortment of Real Alligator Club Baa
of 8 fold castor wool, with Peerless soles— colors black, awaits to-morrow's shopper^at the followlnr extremely
«d, brown, gray light b!u. and pink-.n £Sj to r - JffiS^!ISSS££*"i&'? 4 """ ** "" a ' Uy
formerly sold at $1.00 per pair — Special price for Mineh Mlnch isiad* lsiaeb
this sale VOC $400 $4.75 $5.25 $5.75
Ladies' Dainty Swiss Ribbed Underwear
(Main Aisle Kearny Street)
There is nothing that the season demands in the way of Undergarments that you will fail to
find here, and prices are as low as reliable goods can be sold, for — for instance:
Ladies' Swiss ribbed Vests, with hand crocheted Ladles* fine imported Silk Plated Vests, hand
yokes; colors white, pink and sky - 50c crocheted yokes, all colors; special value at $1.50
Ladies' Lisle Vests, swiss ribbed, with hand cro- Ladies' Ribbed Union Suits with long, short or
cheted yokes, white and colors; special at- 75c no sleeves; light weight; special at, per suit 75c
Ladies' Plated Silk Vests, with hand crocheted Ladies' fine Lisle Thread Equestrienne Tights,
yokes, new designs, white and colored, each ......... $1.00 in black or white, special at, per pair 75c
Arabian Lace Curtain Values (sssfjso
If you have a Curtain need of any kind you should see these — They are entirely new, just from
the mills and are marked at prices never before quoted for this class of goods :
Arabian Curtains, with cable ' net Arabian Cable Net Curtains, with Arabian Curtains, for parlor use, ex-
centers, pretty floral and scroll borders, plain centers and elaborately corded quisite designs In entirety new braid 1
full size, special per pair, at . ¦ borders; worth $5.25 pair, at effects; exceptional value at , per pair
| $3.50 J $4.50 $5.00
f JUaclies rSatning ouits Keducea c^Sayir)
Another big value to-morrow — We are closing out all broken lines in lladies' Alpaca Bathing
Suits — -They are this season's correct styles, have large sailor collars and are prettily timmed with
white braid — colors black and blue — suits that originally sold for $4.50, 54.75, $5-OO and nr :
$5.25 each, reduced to *p4«0U
Mail Orders Receive Prompt Attention — Samples sent to any address
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Ax»/xAOjry saia: \1SK 'Jb^mBmB :
Aomr j&ijtrrs. \B&0t£Mw] !
SJtotc jiax rrr- Y«»
rKTMovr ctrrjv^'O -^ .
SZZUVCSAZ - yfSVCSAZ J>£,YO*r—
JTAArSO* rjf/J U££Sf- G.4JLZ, OJT
uyr/rJi
DR-L -WILLIAMS
ATI 6EAHy:5T^F '
WHAT THE LADIKB BAT OF DR.
WILLIAMS' TREATMENT.
Fan Francisco. Cal,. July 1*.' I9C3.
Dr. WSlllamB' trpattnent is really «on-
4«rTul. I find my deep linos and ¦wrinkle?
h»ve disappear« > 'l. the skin rraooth and rot t.
my rjci ar«- rtronj^r «nd better, and al-
together I l:a vc a different exprecglon.
E. S.
Kan Francisco. Cal.. Jane 4. 1941.
My health Is better and my eyesight I*
frrmi'.y Improved. I am truly grateful for
what rou did for me. j.,. b.
Ban Francioco. July 3. 1A03.
Tcur treatment tor the eradication of
deep wrinkle*. vi-Jlow and flabby Fkin ts
Indeed remarkable. My Bkin is soft and
clear where previously it had b«en very
bad. I «ifh to. congratulate you upon
your simple method. - I shall always re-
member you with gratitude - 8 D.
Pun Francisco. July 3. 1803.
Have just finisix-d treatment for the re-
newal of the skin and cannot speak too
hlrtily of his remarkable ability. The re-
sult ts so entirely ratisfactory and pleas-
inn and the lnconxitnlence suc|t. a mere
trifl* any o«« contemplating the treat- |
ment Bhould have no fear of suffering any
pain whatever. . MISS A. M. 8.
Original Copies anfl Addresses at Office.
Off BBBBHBBSBBBB1
g WRINKLES f^^m
m OLE/nisHes ] \^mfi0jiA
01 IU moved by the l'S«^SwK' r^i
Dpr-rpiprr KEW \Su9SS&BBk
uncioLurr keteod if^WgBii -1
B No knifp. No pain. W r "^^iiS»S
¦ Witch Haiel and Attrln- *l 'J?V inkTSBB
n rent. The Zffr of all n
„ eklB foods. $2. Or. E. A. RETSLOFK. 5
g »04 C.iy et., near Fillmore, ' g
HE B BSBBBBB BB BBBBB BBBEO
ADVERTISEMENTS. ' _^
I COR IRRITATIONS OF THE SKIN/RASMEsThIat! 1
[J 1 Perspiration, Lameness, and Soreness incidental to Canoeing, Riding, m
¦ cooling, and refreshing as a bath with Cuticura Soap, followed by gentle g
1 1 Millions of Women use CUTICURA SOAP for preservins:, purifying, and beautifying the skin, I
J j for cleansing the scalp of crusts, scales, and dandruff, and the stopping of falling hair, for soften- H
I I lQ S » whitening, and soothing red, rough, and sore hands, for baby rashes and chafings, in the form M
I I ofbaths for annoying irritations and inflammations of women, or too free or offensive perspiration, ta
I in the form of washes for ulcerative weaknesses, and many sanative, antiseptic purposes which M
l\ readily suggest themselves, as well as for all the purposes of the toilet, bath, and nursery. . Cuti- |$j
r I CURA Soap combines delicate emollient properties derived from Cuticura, the great skin cure, r|
S. with the purest of cleansing ingredients and the most refreshing of flower odours. Nothing can ffj
fcj induce those who have once used these great skin purifiers and beautifiers to use any others. g|
j j Complete external and internal treatment for every humour, consisting of CUTICURA SOAP,to II
fi cleanse the skin of crusts and scales and soften the thickened cuticle ; Cuticura Ointment, to in- gj
F| stantly allay itching, inflammation, and irritation, and soothe and heal ; and Cuticura Resolvent, fe»
[>I to cool and cleanse the blood. A Single Set is often sufficient to cure the most torturing, disfigur- IB
19 ing, itching, burning, and scaly skin, scalp, and blood humours, with loss of hair, when all else fails. H
hi Sold throughout the world. British Depot: F. Newbexy & Sows, 27-28, Charterhouse Square, London, E. C» 83
B Potter Drug akd Chemical Corporation, Sole Proprietors, Boston, Mass., U. S. A. Co?yriBht»ppUedfor. fil"Vacation 1003," Issued by this company,
tella where the hunters can stop, terms, etc. t£
To kill a deer is an ambition we all possess.
We are never too old or too young for this
sport. If we could only Jump up and "get
there" quick! In this respect the residents of
the bay counties have the advantage over the
residents of any other part of the United
States. Mendocino and Sonoma counties are
practically a deer park. and only a few hours'
ride from San Francisco. Leaving San Fran
cisco In the morning, the hunter reaches Wll
lits. In the heart of Mendocino County, In time
for dinner, and Geyservtlle, Cloverdale, Hop
land, Uklah and other Intermediate rail points
considerably, earlier. If you do not plug a deer
that evening you are In good shape for an
early morning start. The deer throughout this
section, along the California Northwestern
Railway, are more plentiful this season th~an
for years. The game has been well protected.
So many of the farmers take boarders, they
have learned the value of deer as an attrac
tion, and have Joined hands with the law in
protecting them.
The open season for deer In Sonoma County
is (from July 15 to August 31, Inclusive, and
In. Mendocino County until September 30, in
clusive.
For how many ir.onths does this "tale of his
shoot" interest himself, If not his friends.
His recital may vary, but no matter how many
he may tell of having seen after ehooting this
one, and how easily he could have brought
them -down (but not how many he may have
shot at) he will Invariably wind up by stat
ing that he is a "gentleman sport" and w.tuld
not kill more than the on*, that being suffi
cient for the time for himself and friends.
There Is nothing that affords so much pleas
ure to the busy denizen of the city as the kill
ing of a deer. How joyfully and buoyantly he
will carry^ to his camp or summer -boarding
house a load. that In the city he would con
sider fit only for a horse. With what pride he
will show it to us friends and dilate on 'the
details of his successful hunt. And If ladles
be present, he aoon begins to feel himself a
hero.
AT .THE ROWARDENNAN— From San
Francleco: Mr. and Mrs. Young, Mrs. Milton
D. Garret. Mr. and Mrs. William Hallech
Demlng. \y. A. Anderson, George Ramson
Mr, and Mrs. Frank P. Sullivan, Miss Fran
cis Sullivan, Ada Sullivan, Gladys Sullivan,
Noel 8ulltvan. Miss A. B. Turner, Mr. and
Mrs. Kenneth Gregory, Dr. and Mrs. Carl Wil
son. Mrs. William Ede, , Mrs. D. E. Moore.
Mrs. H. L. Johnson, Mr. and Mrs. de la Mon
tanya, F. E. McNear, • Mr. and Mrs. Frank
Vail. Miss Tony HubbelU Miss B. F. Harvllle.
Margaret Joseph, Helen Barbara Harvllle, Miss
Steenfold. Miss Atherton Mr. and Mra F. J.
Young, Dr. H. Lagan. Miss Alice C. Dodge,
Mrs. E. W. Hancock and wife. Mrs. A. L.
Springsteen and son. Miss Julia RUey, Mlea
Alice Butler. A. P. Welch. From Sacramento
— Mrs. George W. Peltier, Miss Jeannette Pel
tier, Mrs. Fred Cox. Mrs. Edgar Sheehan.
From Oakland — George E. Graham and wife.
Miss Helen A. Harrold. Miss Mabel H. Felton
A. Hewart. E. E. Baker, Mr. and Mrs. Alford
von 'der Ropp and family. Miss Ella Melvln,
Leo L. Nlcholls and family, ' Mrs. W. A.
Schrock and daughter. Mrs. Hammer, A. W.
Baker, Mrs. Hadley. From San Jose — Mr. and
Mrs. C. G. H. McBrlde, Mr. and Mrs. Nor
man B. Hooper, Mrs. W. F. Hunt, Conrad D.
Jenson.
ton and son. Mr. and Mrs. H. Stelllng.'R. M.
Tripp and son, R. G. Seaman. G. W. Arbuckle
and wife. F. E. Batturs and wife. Jules Cler
fayt and wife, .C. W. .Colby, wife, and son;
C K. Junklns and wife. Hatch and wife,
E. Harrison, wife and daughter. H. "WV Adams
and wife, L. B. Johnson and wife, ¦ F. E.
Thompson Hnd wife, 'A: C." Hilton* and wife.
3. H.P. Mason and wife, W. H. Wood and
wife. W. T. Frost and wife, . R. G. Geoyett and
wlfe.'H. E. Needham and wife, W. H. Daven
port and wife, W. \V. Brown and wife L. A.
Hairy and wife, A. H. Abbott, Miss Abbott.
C. J.' Bradley, Miss Savage, . C. A. - Thurston.
Miss Young, • George O. . Fraser, , Misa Mabel
Fraser, Miss May Fraser, J. F. Skelton. : Miss
Sk«lton, F. A. Jones, P.- K. Gordon, A. S.
Darraw, S. H. Dado. James McElroy. C. W.
Jennings. G. A. Ruple, D. T. Berry, B. K.
Smith. E. . M. Triggs, L. A. Rank. A. H.
Wilde, M. G. Tonlnl, Carl Knelss, C. W. Nel
son, T. K. Statlerand son. Miss Statler. W.
F. Lincoln and wife, . E. . G. Humphreys, Miss
Hastings, W. G.« Colby and wife. P. J. Kelly.
Miss May Kelly, F. B. Hullngs and wife, P.
A. Ziengenfuss and wife, . P. \V. Moorehouse,
Paul Shoup. From Los Angeles — Mrs. E.-. R.
Neldlg, R. W. Clark and wife. Charles Horn
beck, Miss Hornbeck.' H. - E. Montague, Clar
ence Haydock, A. A. Polhamus and wife >W.
W. Elliott and wife, T. H. Fox, Miss E. Fox,
C. A. Hubert, Miss Adams, N. R. Martin and
wife, M. ) F. Van Horn and . wife. G. A. Par
kyns, E. K. Garrison. B. F. Coons and wife,*
W. E. Fessenden and wife. George J. Blech,
Miss Blech, F. S. ¦ McGlnnis, Mrs. McGlnnis,
A. Dodd and wife. Grave Ketchum, Miss
Ketchum,' R. A. Thlelen, C V. Ecclestone,
Miss Ecclestone. M. C. Abger and wife, H. C.
Fisher and wife, Mlsa Wheeler, C. H. White
and wife, Leo V. Gibson, G. W. Manahan and
wife. A. J. Coon and wife, A. P. Yerrlngton
and wife, F. A. Valentine and wife, H. Hug
gins and wife, Frank Lathrop. E. Shllllngsburg
and wife, J. W. Adams, wife and daughter.
Miss E. Kelley, Ray Horton and 'wife. Miss L.
M. Whltmoro. From New York — Mr. and Mrs.
Frank Seaman and maid. Masters Julian and
Philip Seaman, Mrs. C. A. Beaman, Mrs. E.
E. Harris. Miss Harris, Miss Huntlngton, " S.
Li. Harris. Mr. and Mrs. John C. Tait. I From
El- Paso, Tex.— X Callsher and wife. From
Fresno— F. K. Kellock. From Lynch, Cal.
Henry W. Lynch and wife. From Victoria
B. G — Miss M. Goodwin, Anita Goodwin. From
Columbus. Ohio — W. H. Hind and wife
AT HOTEL CAPITOLA: From Ban Fran
cisco—Mnu M. E. Hamrick, Mies Carrie Rob
inson. J. Schmidt, A. Wicker. E. W. Sohen
«rin. H. A. Birth. G. M. Feder, James Moore
and wife. Miss Good. MIbb Muriel Richards,
Miss 8ue Richards. Miss Flora Bradley, Miss
Evelyn Cohn. Bruno Roman and wife, Stella
Frankenb^rg. Sidney L. Schwart,. Milton M.
Cohrn, Sars. Hilborn. R. Hilborn. A. Hllborn.
II. F. Glbbs. Mra. F. Fercuson, Mfss Lillian
C^urley. Chester Ferguson, Jamea Alexander.
F. <:. Radcliffe. R. Mears, Mrs. C. E. Mu^nter
and children. Edward B. Helneman. J. 8.
Green und wife. E. V. Smith, wife and child;
Dr. Ger<», Oscar J. Holohan. Dr. Alden. T.
Parent. C. A. Bennett. L. Rathenberg. S. D.
rtogerK, J. II. Graham. T. J. Coope. C. E.
Ray. W. n. Roger*. E. A. Ralmeag, Lee Kahn.
W. A. Anderson. George Ransom. C. F. Glllea-
I»le and wife, J. B. Cole. Mrs. Schmidt. Miss
Schmidt. Mrs. Newbaum, 6. C. Hodge, Julian
Thorne and wife.. Dr. J. W. Thome and wife,
Mr*. Bucie Alien, Harry M. Sherman, Mrs.
Fherman. M*». Pearl AJford Haslam, C. 8.
He*ley, Ma ye D. Healey, John Carlson. Ham
mond Karrhlrp, Walter H. Llnport. Dr. Logan,
J. C. O'DonnHI, B. M. Thomas and wife,
Charlee E. Miller, L. Samter and wife, Mr.
and Mrs. Marehall V. Jones, J. A. Carman,
. W. S. Carixnter and wife, Stewart Holohan,
Misa Fulton. J. H. Tate. Miss Eudora Tate,
G. C. Bamhart. Dr. McOarrity, George F.
Newton. Harry C. IVndleton. the Misses Buck-
J<-> . 6. and It. Huckley. Mies Gertrude Fields,
O. Solomon. H. -li. Chfamore. From Stockton —
A. B. Griffin. I>r. W. W. Fitzgerald. I. B.
Laiid. F. C Clark. From Ran Jos* — Leon S.
Hlrnch. Blanche Cropley. Lutle McWhirter, H.
A. Puttutm. Th«H>.lore Vallgraff. J. N. Macau-
Uy and wife. George L. Barker. J. de Freltas
and family, J. H. Campbell and wife, Arzyll
Campbell. Maude Campbell, Irene Campbell,
Miss Eleanor Cator. A. H. Alblnnon. Dr.
Briownrldge, L. Ptice. From Los Angeles— H.
H. Waters. From New York— Mlsa Thekla
Ro«nthal. Miw Minnie E.' halts. From Ber
lin—Elma J. fialz. From HoIIlster— John ¦ L.
Hudner and wife. Mrs. A. Breen. Mlsa A.
Breen. Maggie McAullff. W. V. Holllngber*.
wife and children. Owen Holllngberg. C. O.
1-aurltzen. From Ma<J«ra— J. M. Griffin R.
II Mace and wife. From Los Gatos— Ml«s
Lola Howoll. Mis* Vcmla How«U. From
liouidi-r Cr-ek— Mr«. O. T. Miller. From B<-n
Lfjmond— Dr. Alexander. Campbell Rcseoe. H.
T. Anderson. From WatsonvlUe— Mrs. Hunt
Joy. Theodora Wilson. Don Joy Wentworth.
Mr*, c. D. TVentwortto, a P. Holohan. From
AT BYRON SPRINGS— From Ean Fran
cisco—H. Wclf, J. Blller, Mr. and Mrs. Lewis
Morrison. M. J. Brandensteln, A. J. Armer,
V. Etlenne Jr., A. Mlerson, C. M. Larson,
Anna Hook. Edna Kevane. Hon. John Hunt,
Mrs. Fred Croeman, . James Packer Jr.. M. Be
la*co, William Hlldebrandt, Mr. and Mrs. Wil
liam Lewis MaJcolmson. George H. Hlgbee,
George H. Hlgbee Jr.. Charles D. Taylor. A.
Arata, A. Cuscho. John H. Fitzgerald. • From
Redwood — James Curran, Alleen Curran, Eve
line Curran. Helen Curran. Alice Curran,
Rabbi M. 8. Levy. W. S. Heger, Miss E. L.
Heger. Misa M. Dallas. C. Ilhatten. From VI
«alla — W. A. Jones. From Olma — Mrs. R. E.
IMckaon. From Sacramento — A. Trafmiller.
From Fresno— A. Grar.z and wife, A. Ramp.
From Kern — F. W. Craig. From Modesto — J.
A. Qulsenberry. From Michigan Bluff— Mrs.
Alfred Dlxon. From Berkeley — Mr. and Mrs.
Menfietl Weleker. From Wataonvllle^ — Mrs. An
nie Rowe. T. P. Mayback and wife. From
Brentwood — M. J. Gough and wife. From Llv
?rmore — Dr. W. F. Taylor, Dr. D. Smith. From
Fna-ttle — P. H. Dolan. From Oakland — Hon.
W. W. Foote, XV. W. Foote Jr.. Mrs. Brisch-
Cvner. From Atwater— John B. Osborne, H.
A. Oeborne. From Los Angeles — Mr. and Mra.
C N. Wreden end two eons. From Stockton —
L Mallenhaoer. From New York City— W. B.
Parr^nt. ' From Groveland — James M. Melghan.
From Gait — G. Etchehandy.
AT EL CARMELO HOTEL. Pacific Grove—
From Fan Francisco— H. G. 'Walker. J. W.
Armstrong and wife. E. 8. Paddock, Mis*
Clara Alexander, Leo Alexander. Miss R. C.
AlPxandT, C. Armstrong, W. M. Tripp and
son. C. C. Matchell. Harry Baehr. Mrs. B. A.
McDonald. Leigh Irvine and wife, F. C. Stain
fnrd. A. Hartwig. George II. Arnold and wife,
M!ps M. A. Williamson. Mrs. Louise H. Ad
ams, Frank Adams, Thomas C. Trueblood.
Mrs. Trueblood, Miss Trueblood. Mrs. L. L.
Greenwell, Miss J. Graham. J. M. Bamberry
and wife, J. B. Hicks, A. P. Snow and wife,
Mlsa M. C. Mead. Ruth Weeton. Mrs. O. Bar
ton. Elizabeth A. Fonda, Minnie B. Barlow,
Kathl»^n Barlow. Xer.a Roberta, Mra. 8. Earn
uels. Miss Fiaucli, I>avli D. Jones, Kate E.
Bumhari. P. I. Cutting, Henri Falrweather.
Gladys Falrweather. W. W. Clenland. E. J.
Brown. H. H. Hlatt. A. J. Edmore, Ira Lll
llck W. P. Lowe, Mrs. W. P. Lowe. E. Lowe,
Herbert N. Bear, H. H. Bamhart, Clem Arm
strong. W W. Catick. W. E. Staley. A. Abra
hamson. B. F. Cuttlcr. M. H. Avery, W. H.
Fmlth. A. Mul'.lgan. E. H. Sara, W. F. Mor
ton. Mrs. E. M. North. C. H. Manx. 8. G.
Ilerzor. J. H. H-jnter and wife. F. D. Wieg
rr.tr.. wife and eon. From San Jose — Mrs. Mar
raree Ageer, Mrs. E. J. Davidson. J. A, Miner.
Dr. R. D. Hunt, Ada E. Tennant Smith. W.
Allen Hope. E. McCllsh, Mm. "VHi S. Clayton.
.Master Bradley Clayton. Miss Florence Gates.
AT MOUNTAIN \*IEW RANCH: From Ban
Francisco — Mrs. Oscar Hocks. Mrs. M. E. Cam
eron Miss H. E. Cameron. MlM L M. Camer
cn, Milton Meyer, Miss Fannie Guckenhelm.
Mrs. M. Guckenhelm, Mm. W. K. Mcllvaine.
Mrs. T. F. Barry. A. Beater. Oscar Hocks,
William Schmullan. Miss Clara. Jackson, Mrs.
IJ. Nathan. S. Straus. Mrs. 8. etraus. Mien
Winnie Lackenback. Misa Roee Lackenback.
K. T. Carrj' Miss Anna Delehanty. L. D. Bres
lauor, Joe Bre»lauer, Mies Elisabeth Brown.
Joseph Weller, Kittle Jeffers, Mamie Tamman.
L>r. Frank Gonzales, Miss L. Collins. Daniel
C Deayy, Gus WolX. Mrs. Gus Wolf and chil
dren. Jiilius L«n2e. Carl Welg*lt. Belle Selir.
1. A. Buchman F. O. Praker. Mrs. F. O.
PrakM- Harry Miller, F. Morris, Horace Van
' Sickel, Mm. L. Meyer, Mies Sadie Meyer. Miss
Ana Epstein. Mre. F. Ep»teln, Mrs. R. Corn
it-h. F. McDoaffan. Mrs. F. McDougan, Miss
"-.•-¦<-*¦ Steinback. Mlea Birdie Stelnback, Miss
Anna Blum, F. T. Barry. M. Bpeler. From
Han Jr*e — Jackson Hatch. Mre. Jackson
Hatch. MIbs Goraldine Hatch, Ino P. Burke,
:.'.-•¦ Ino P. Burke. Miss Grace Burke, Miss
Holen Burke.
The highest scorer of this we«k'« bowling
contest was presented with a diamond locket.
Sa£ T rr?n^?^W 8 cia£ M^l!
SuV. jSs I^ra Arthur. Mi« Francis Arthur.
Miu C. P. Gibbon*.. Miss Lydla Gibbons. Mrs.
Ella Bafigley. Edgar Badgley. W. R. Eaton.
Noraan Brown. Mies Georgle Robinson. Ad
Becker Otto Koch, Mrs. A. Pillsbury. Dorothy
Plllsbury. Master Edwin Pillsbury.. John M.
Ftef2r.s. Mrs. J. M. Steffins. Arthur H. M.
e tefflns Sirs. A. Hel*e. Herman Birth. Com.
E. H. Schernstein. Professor G. M. Feder^ Miss
l! Vogel Miss H. Krsxer. Ml»s D. B. Faktor.
Miss Tessle Dwyer. Ml*» Hattle Dwyer. *"ro™
Oakland— Mra, C. Hacsen, Dagfln Hansen. Ruth
Hans«n Mrs. R. C. Smith. MlM Smith. From
Alameda— Charles Moe'.ler. Mrs. Ctarl« Moel
ler. Miss Lizzie Moeller. Peter H. fimlth. F. E.
Bridges, Mrs. F. E. Bridgee. Frances W.
Bridges. From Stockton— Ml«s Ella Eckstrome,
Mies Beesle GalL
Continued From Pag© 36, Column 3.
AT EIEGLER HOT SPRINGS— From 8an
Franclfco: Mr. and Mm. E. J. Barton and
child. Mrs. rt. Uensche! and child. L. , P.
Thompson. MIm E. McMillan, James Brltt,
George A. Montell. R. F. Graham, T. C. Mur
phy.. James Karrelly, James Griffin. D. . W.
Cronln. Mm. Herbert and family. J. P. Weill
Mies L. Clarkeon. Mrs T. Dlerlu, Miss O.
Dierka, Miss I. Dlerks. Mr. and Mrs. D. Daley
and family. F. Jones, J. C. Bride, Miss L.
Gleason, Miss J. .Crowley. Frank Lord, James
Flynn. A. Olsen, Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Coulon,
Gforge Benson. Fred Benson. A. H." Clack,
Mr. and Mrs. J. McGowan. D. Ullman. Wil
liam R. Proll, J. A. Hayes.. T. M.\W*Iler. C.
J. Joseph. - J. T Donovan and wife, Mlu - K.
Donovan. Miss I. Donovan! jm<n .t. v. r>~*»—
AT AETNA SPRINGS— From San Francis
co: George Sperbeck. Mrs. W. J. Bperbeck
Mr. and Mrs. H. L. Delaney. ¦ Miss Alice Da
vidson. J. F. Llndstrom and son, Aug. Gross
miller. J. Olson. Miss Adrienna Guittard E.
W. Williams. Miss Reglna Well, William
Wertsch. Mies - Beatrice Guittaxd, Lester
Scbe^line. Frank Guittard. Felix Nelcke Miss
E. Fritz. W. A. Strauch. Mr. and Mrs. G^oree
P. Thomas, Miss J. Harris. Adele V. Lam
•on, Harry Servlss. J. Harris. H. Cohn, M.
Cohn. L. Marks. From Alameda— Ida D.
Bpence. Mm. J. G. . S pence. From Oakland —
A. L. Wolf and wife. Stanley J. Bell, F. H.
Scheldtn*. From Berkeley — Milton Henry.
From Sacramento — Mrs. Charlee Schwllk.
From "Angwlns" — Charles Sheriff. From St.
Helena — A. N. Bell and wife. .Miss Linda M
Bell. Miss Georgia W. Bell. From Palo Alta—
Mlrs Maporie R. Bell. From Pope Valley— J.
R. L. Hardin. Miss M. B. Hardin. Frances M
Hardln. From Vallejo— J. Pogue and wife.
AT BLUE LAKES: From Oakland— M. A.
"Wilder. M. A. Powell. J.-W. Swart. Mrs. A.
W. Martin. Miss Kern Weaver, Miss Carene
Schwab. Miss Mary W. Tyrrell. Mr*. Ede M.
van Duyne. Mr. and Mrs. L. F. le Prottl. Miss
Baxter, Miss Boas. Mrs. M. E. Chauchl Mrs.
M. J. Bon. Miss Helen Bon, Miss Claire Bon.
R. H. Davis. George C Davis. From Wood
land — H. L. Huston. From Sacramento — Miss
Blanche Ryan. Miss Ina A. Tlndall, C. A.
Smith. From San Francisco — Mr. and Mrs
Charles W. Welch. A. M. Rosenuteln, Miss
Livermore, Miss Beth Llvermore, E. B. Beck,
Mlsa Robinson. A, P. Robinson. O. L. Koop!
J. Ousrud. Miss Ousrud. Mra. M. Conway,
Mathilda B. Conway. A. L. Lundy and wife,
Mr. and Mrs. V. Gasklll, Miss Gusto More
house, Mre. P. J. Harney and family Miss
Margaret Harney. Miss Wlnfred Harney, Mr.
and Mrs. IL B. Peterson. Albert M. Getz. Mr
and Mrs. R. A. Davis. F. H. Davis Fred Da
vis, Mrs. G. M. Smith. Mrs. M. J. Smith. Ja
cintba M. Smith. Thomas J. Duff, Edward Hor
wlnskl. Marshall Bird. Mrs. J. Boyle, Miss K
Dinan, Mi»" Agnes Boyle, Miss Ethel Boyle.
Helga Wicker. Mrs. H. Wicker. W. G. Mc-
Mahon, Mr. and Mrs. Sam Caro. Captain T.
Chamberlain and wife, M. A. Wilder, Mrs.
Henry Langrehr. Miss Etta Langrehr, H. H.
Westphal and wife, Dolphie Wcrtphal. Mrs.
Lilly Bruckman, Mies Grace Bruckman, Miss
Viola Bruckman. D. E. Hotell, Sam Rosen
berg. F. W. 'Burger*. Andrew Olnen. James
Griffin. James H. Thyme. A. 11. Clack, Miss
Mina J. de Berna, Joseph Herzog and wife,
H. J. Herzog. M. W. Cranzy, Mrs. Bartler,
MUs J. Hanlfy, Fred Rodenback, J. Levey, I,
Golden. IL L. Rothchlld. Charles J. Blumen
thal. Miss Frida Blumenthal, MIbs Raphael
Mr. and Mrs. Nat J. Tobiaa, Mies Hazel
Tobian. Rev. Richard Collins, Dr. T. B. Roche
and wife. T>r. C. F. Miller and wife. Dr. F.
J. Tlllman. W. J. Kennedy, wife and child;
Vfbranna Kennedy, Mrs. Frank H. Bushnell
and child. Sylvan Blum. Miss Llbble Jones.
Miss Amy Rothberg, Edward Lachman. Mr
and Mrs. L. M. Marks. E. F. Dunlap, M. A.
Eagles. W. W. Belchlam. George A. Dolan
James F. Dolan, Fred Landls, Miss Rose Latz
Captain A. E. Janiwon. Albert A. Letz, • Miss
F. Wolff. Joseph Mayer. Mr. and Mrs. C. M.
Wollenberg. Albert Wollenberg. F. W. ' Kern
Mrs. F. W. Kern, Miss Rose Kern.
AT VILLA FONTENAY, GLENWOOD:
From San Francisco— Miss Helen SchHcht. H.
Rothschild, John Tlmmlns, Mrs. L. D. Nathan
Miss Felice Nathan, Miss Cora Nathan. Mrs.
I. GunzDerrer, Master Daniel Gunzburger, E.
I. Schemeteln. G. M. Feder. H. Lubeck. J. de
la Montanya. Mrs. J. de la Montanya, Mrs. C.
Stone, 8. Wheeland. Mrs. S. Wheeland Miss
S. Kraus, Mrs. I. Seellg, Milton Seellg, M
Meyer, Mrs. A. Meyer, Miss Belle Meyer John
Emyth, Rev. P. M. Bannon, Miss Agnes G.
Thomas. Miss Mary Eva Thomas, Mrs. G. E.
Malcolm; Miss Bessie Crelchton, Miss Alice
Crelchton. Miss Mae Cronin, C. D. Sullivan. S.
Dono\-an, L. Klein, W. Simpers, Mm. Th.
Thorsch, Edw. G. Thorsch. G. W. Hendry
Mrs. G. W. Hendry. Mrs. Annie Hendry.
Charles Hendry. Mrs. C. Lawson. Mrs. Nathan
F. Ruether. Mrs. H. Kelner. Miss Ethel Kelner.
F. H. Smith. H. B. Smith. Maurice Frank.
Mrs. Maurice Frank. Miss Rena Raymond
Frank. Mrs. A. Curtaz, Miss Lulu Curtaz, Mies
Rosalie Bemhelm, Mrs. A. H. Rising. From
Oakland — Mrs. L. E. Garton, .Miss A. Vesper.
From Alameda — E. H. Lanvel, Mrs. E. H. Lan
vel. Miss Lanvel. From Sacramento — B. T.
Heard. Mrs. B. T. Heard. From Greenville —
Miss L. D. Weiss. Mrs. L. D. Weiss, Miss
ElUe Weiss. From Cincinnati — Mrs. R. Grau
mas. From Santa Cruz — Mrs. R. Bemhelm,
L. J. Bemhelm, C. Stone. George W. Heard.
Mrs. G. W. Heard. Miss Estrella Heard. From
Stockton — Mrs. H. P. Stein. Mrs. M. Marks.
AT HIGHLAND SPRINGS: From San
FTanclsco— R. D. Duke, F. J. Tlllman, C. F.
Millar and wife. T. B. Roche and wife, W. R.
Peace and wife, F. B. Dickson and wife, A. E.
Clarke, L. A. Pedler, Preston Morris J A
Peters and wife. L. R. Larzelere and wife. J.
E. la Vlolette, F. C. Immel. T. B. Russell F
Kohler. Mrs. F. Kohler, Miss B.. Kohler. Miss
E. Klotz. W. T. Senson and wife, W. R.
Porter and wife. F. C. Hotaling. D, V Mc-
Lean. Mrs. M. Cunningham. Mrs. C. Short F
C. Pawllckl. Mrs. J. C. Hoppe, Mrs. William
Shultz. Lthel Rampton. Llllle Rampton Mrs
B. Arthur. E. F. Schutze, R. C. Craft. Walter
E. Trefts. Miss F. Butler. Miss J. Christie
John Manning. Charles Sailor, T. J. Duncan.
F. C. Fltzpatrick. A. E. Omey. Miss A. L.
Omey. E. Dolin. Mrs. B. McKlnnle. Miss L.
McKlnnie. E. B. Beck, Thomas Ashworth and
wife, H. A. Hornleln and wife, H. M. Campe
and wife. W. J. Herrin. Mrs. S. E. Reynolds.
Miss M. Reynolds. Jack Reynolds. Miss G.
Anderson. R. H. Fuchback and wife. Miss F.
Carroll. W. ¦ H. Cameron. C. A. ' Gelrrtne and
wife. M. Curtis and wife, R. Benjamin, C. T.
Kodolph. A. W. Rosenstem, G. Brtckman. Etta
Langrehr. V. L. Brlckman. H. L. Rothchlld. J.
Oolden. E. B. Rosenberger. Thomas M. Sulli
van, C. Welmann. W. C. Green. Henry Speer.
New York— E. de Goncer, Mrs. H. L. Dessar.
From Lawrence. Kans.— Mrs. J. D. Smith.
From Santa Cruz— Miss M. Cole, Mr. and Mrs.
£• °:r.? lhn ' Mrl - T - U O'Neill, Frederick
Otto Hlhn. Mra. O. W. Reid, P. J. Millodin.
F. Hysung. C. H. Goodno. From Belmont— W.
A. Emmett. From Santa Clara — Olive Black
mar. Eugene Fatjo. From St. Helena— N.
Lanter and family. From Chicago — Mies B;
Hamrick. From Menlo Park — A. C. Bassett
From Contra Cost*— W. M. Singer. From
Santa Rosa— Luther Burbank. From Liver
more—Misa Mayme Bailey. Ora Kennedy.
From Folsom— H. W. Hall, wife and children.
From Mountain View— C. O. Gates. From Oak
land—J. Ghlrardelll, Albert Selby. WaUer Sel
°y. T- M. Unyshred, Mrs. Ed Wilbur, Master
W llbur, Edna Ingram.
Salmon Is running In great abundance all
this week in the bay, affording much exhil
arating sport for fishermen and visitors. Many
cf the silvery beauties weigh from twenty to
forty pounds and show great eport.
AT THE SUMMER RESORTS
AT HOTEL EL PASO DE ROBLES— From
San - Francisco: ' Mrs. . Ed. Welnlander, Miss
Cordle Welnlander, Mies ;M.K. Harris, J. Caf
frey. A. G. Bnldocchi, A. "Chlpplni. Andrew
AT THE GEYSERS — From San Francisco:
L. Bauer and wife, Mrs. W. R. Cameron. Her
man Bauer, Gladys Cameron, RoyfeCameron,
H. J. Carmany and wife.' S. Haussman, Miss
Haueeman. Mrs. Amelia L. Leszlnsky, Misses
Lerzliisky, B. H. Halgarten and wife, Mrs.
Felix Santalller, Morris Levy, Jack Cordell,
Gertrude Ingham. Mary L. Kelly, G. F. Kelly.
C. H. Kehnstrom and wife, John Monohan and
wife, Harry Monohan, Gertrude Monohan, Mrs.
Beverly. N. 1 A. Acker- and wife, Helen Acker.
i>>rd. C. Peterson and wife. Kate Peterson,
Somers Peterson, Baltzer Peterson, Harold
Haven, Isador L. Phillips. 'Milton Posner,. Fred
A. Mlsippo. Rudolph Schwartan. T. H. Buttel
man, Mrs. A. J. Vlnnlng, Lucy M. Vlnnlng,
Mrs. J. J. Bites. Grace E. Bliss, Mrs. H. C
Tinkler, Thomas Murphy, D. W. Cronln, Jo
seph Bouland. Fred L. Wolfe, "Walter S. Gan
non, Maybelle Raphael, Irene Raphael. Estelle
Bchoenfeld. Adolph -Schoenfeld,' Joseph Schoen
feld. Helen Hartnett. Miss I. R Lewis, Miss
J. Gillesple, A. R. Bergman, George Ahrens,
Mabel Ahrens. Charles Artigues and wife, Mrs.
Louis Lacaze. Mrs. Cornwall : and children,
Mrs. L. Lobree. Adele and Beckle Lobree,
Mrs. J. C. B. Hebbard. Miss M. A. Schrott,
Miss Florence G. Schxott. Mrs. J. Rasplller,
Noel Raspiller, Theo Rasplller, Josephine Ras
plller, Leon CofllBCh. Irepe Wlsslng,' Marguerite
Schwab. ¦ Israel Schwartz, Florence Carmany,
Ida M. Carmany. -Edith Statfeld, Charles
Statfeld, Walter Statfeld, Alvin 8tatfeld. MIhs
M. Beaton. Miss W. Seaton, J. Rapp and. wife,
Belle Rapp, Mrs. M. ¦ A. Buch, Miss E ; M
RohlfTs. Frank W. Wake. Chester K. Taft, C.
W. HIbbard and wife, Edward Metzger and
wife. Mrs. Charles Bush. H. Bush, wife and
children: F. E. Buckland. J. E. WatRlns and
wife. Miss Annie • McCaskey. From San-Ra
fael — SigfrieiT Herzpg. Nellie Bain. From Sac
ramento — E. B. Dean. Mrs. C. F. Dellman,
Corlnne Dellman, Dean Dellman. Ferdinand
Kohler and wife. M1b« B. Kohler, Miss E.
Klotz. From San Diego— Miss Annie Edwards
From Oakland— Miss Lew Ball, Miss Clara
Stronski. D. W. Morris, W. L. Price, W. ; C.
Mcody. Adaline L. Blood. ' Eleanore Drussel,
Miss E. C. Haas. Freda Button, N. H/ Neylan.
Frances II.' C. Mooney. .'¦ From Oakland — M. - 13;
Keegan. Miss Eleanore . and Chester • Eschell.
From Fresno — J. Athol Kraft and wife. From
Vallejo— O. H. Brandon. H. . A. Brandon, D
Farrall. S. Tobln. Lizzie Cunningham,- J. Mc-
Cudden. From Harbin Springs — S. H. Mc-
Kinley. From Los Angeles— Jim Jeffries. From
Benzonhurst, " N. T. — Robert Fitzslmraona.
AT HOTEL LA HONDA— From San Fran
cisco: Mr. and Mrs. O. W. Shooten and son,
Mr. and Mrs'. E. D. Chenowlth, Mr. and Mrs.
•Edward W. Hause. J. H. Sullivan, C. J. Mul
ler. Miss I. C. Emmons, H. W. Storck, Mis*
Dollle 1 I^undy, Malcolm Lundy. Miss Ethel
Lundy, Miss Grace Lundy, Mr. and Mrs.
Georgo F. Duffey, Mr. and Mrs. A. Repsold,
Thomas Degen, A. C. ;Hamerton, Edward F.
Treadwell. F. Hoffman, Judge J. J. Crowley,
Dr. W. F. Browning, Fred W. Meusdorffer,
Frank Grass, H. Somers, Bernard Hassler,
Earl T. Hall. John G. Macher, W r . A. Wet
more. Harry S. I. Frank, F. E. Lawson,- O.
F. McGrlll. Miss Lillian Melcay. Paul A. Du
puy. H; Beach. Mrs. C. E. Till, R. Miller, R.
Wolff, Edward O'Day, B. W. Bernhard. Miss
Helen Caroline Nickels, Mr. and Mrs. Nickels,
Mr. and Mrs. Edward During. W. J. Mortsky.
From Oakland— A. M. Salinger and family,
W. I. Robinson. S. M. Kchn Mr. and Mrs.
H. A. Powell. Miss Powell, MUs , H. Powell,
Stanley Powell. George Franck. Percy Holmes.
From Menlo Park— J. T. Lynch. E. J. Cram,
James Cull. Miss E. G. Wooster, D. E. O'Keefe,
J. Casey. M. Dougherty. F. Allen, Charles
Russell. Mrs. L. Brant. From Redwood City —
Miss Mabel W. Casey, Miss Lulu Berger, A.
Swift. From San- Jose — Paul Anderson, G. C.
Buehrer. From Purisslma — Miss N. Cunning
ham, B. Robertson. From Berkeley — Leo F.
Hampton. From Halfmoon Bay— Rev. Father
J. Sullivan. . . .
AT BARTLETT SPRINGS— From San Fran
cisco: F. V. Allen. L. L. Greene. W. S. Blair,
John Reldy and wife, Louis Schultz, Mrs. L.
SchuHz. F. A. Smith and wife. D. D. Lowney
and wife. Alex. McCallum and wife. X. E.
Caftsel.and wife, R. F. Halght and wife, O. V.
Hai-man. T. B. Dickson and wife, W. - R.
Pease.' ¦ R. I. Whelan. John Bockman, James
Vincent. J. W. Guenford. Philip Lynch, M.
Roeenthal, E. H. Marsh, Mrs. D. Dangers. Miss
Emma Dangers. II. W. Rosenbaum. From
Oakland — W. E. Greene. From Sacramento—
F. Ruhstaller and wife, Mrs. C. Williams.
ThomsuB McHugh. W. G. Todd, S. H. Farley
and wife. M. Morgan and wife. W. A. Canwell.
From Woodland — J. S. Houser. From Grass
Valley — L. Lubeck and wife. From Vallejo—
Lida Wilson. May Wilson. From Ceres — J. H.
Manley. From Martinez — Miss Cora Durham.
From Concord^ — C. T. McClellan. - From San
Jose — Loretta Christie. Mrs. W, Christie.
From Yolo — Mrs. E. Pockman. Mlsa M. Pock
man. From Los i Angeles — D. M. Gllleroy.
From Sutter City — L. Summy, Mrs. SIdnle
Summy and family, -Ada- Humphryes. ¦ From
Fresno — A. B. Long. From Alameda — L. E.
Greene, Louise Greene. From Dlxon — Henry
Goodwin. From Marysville — T. J. Peterson.
From Cornwall — Lulu B. Davis. From Colusa
— L. F. Moutton. ' '
AT LAUREL DELL HOTEL— From San
Francisco— Miss A. I. Bennett, Eugene Navlet,
John Carton, Charles Parsons, Mrs. Josephine
Hanlfy, Mrs. C. A, Baxter. W. Cramsee, -Mr.
and Mrs. "I. Magnin, Mr. and Mrs. L. Gass
ner. Miss M. Gasuner, Miss E. Gassner, F.
Schussler. Thomas B. Dunn. C A. Owens, Sam
Caren and wife, Mrs. F. R. Maunel, Mrs. G.
F. Maunel and child. H. 8. Morton and wife,
William O'Connell. H. Laudeker, C. Cerf, S.
G. Fleishman, N. Laudsburger, Andre Roos,
W. R. Landers, C H. Higgins. A. L. Lundy
and wife, Mr. and Mrs. W. V. Gasklll. M.
Kleinkampt. D. E. Lawton. Mrs. W. P. Miller.
Miss Elna Miller. Miss L. V. Bothln, Jerome
Kramer. J. H. Winters and family, Mr. and
Mrs. C Bennett, H. Bennett. H.* J. Stuart,
Otto Irving' 'Wlae and wife, Jamee B. Blum,
Miss Jean Gillesple. Miss N. Jacobs, William
H. Rhodes Mrs. W. H. Hammer, Earl Ham
mer, S. L. Marks. T. W. Setley. Mr. and Mrs.
C. M. Wollenberg. Albert Wollenberg. Flor
ence Fox, Mrs. M. Conway. Mathilde B. Con
way, Charles M. Welsh and wife, Miss Flor
ence Welsh, Slg. S. Leffman, , Miss
Rachel Leftman, Miss Esther Leff
man W. B. Hunt and wife. L. M. Donihue,
Miss Marie Selbel. Miss M. Selbel. From Oak
land — L. James. Mr. and Mrs. ¦*.. F. Le Protte,
Mies Hope Baxter, Miss Carene Schwab. Miss
Kern Weaver. St. Elmo Murray Powell, Mrs.
A. W. Martin. Thomas Lindsay and wife,
Bertha B. Boas. From Sacramento — Al Navlet,
D. J. llarlan. From Lakeport — Mrs. Conley,
James Conley. Harry Conley. Mae Conley, E.
Wooldridge. From Berkeley — C. R. Morse, T.
A. Smith. Dr. A. W. Block. M. G. Jeffries.
Milton H. Schwartz. From Wilmington. 111. —
Mr. and Mrs. M. L. Taylor. Sadie E. Taylor,
J. L. Taylor. From Highlands— Miss M.
Suthran. Mrs. M. S. Suthran, Mr.- and Mrs. H.
Bush. Mre. W. E. Olson, son and daughter;
Bradley Slmen. From Santa Roaa — John P.
Plover. From Elkhart, Ind. — Orvllle 8. Cham
berlain and wife. From Uklah — Lee Cunning
ham. From Upper Lake—Miss Nellie Hender
son. Miss Irene Henderson, Mrs. Elsie Schep
pleman. From Alameda — Edith Brampton,
Llllle Brampton. From Chlco — Preston Morris.
From San Leandro— Charles 11. Hale and wife.
AT * HOTEL BEN LOMOND— From ' San
Francisco: H. R. Macbeth, Ed Leszynsky, O.
G. Scott, Mrs. M. G. Poiro, Samuel M. Sam
tij-, i.\lfs Bamti-r, Miss Viola Samter, Miss
Elsie Samter. Mrs. Bagnall. Miss E. Bagnall.
Kred E. Rice. Robert LorenUs. Alfred FMrth.
H J. Curtai. Elmer Curtaz ,\ Mrs. -F. Cohn,
Miss Evelyn Cohn. Abe Goldstein, R. Well,
J. J. Clay ton,. Ed F. Armstrong:. ' John Brewer,
Mrs. Kosalie Stlch. Mrs. Anna- Williams Mas
ter Peter Williams, Mrs. Nathan H.< Frank,
George 'G. O'Neill, ' J. Hausmann,' Mrs. B.
Strauss, Mies H. Straues, MIkb M. Btrausa,
Roy A. Badt, J. Newman, M. M.i Cohen, A.
Becker, Linda Relchinberg, Mr., and Mrs. Otto
Stuetzel. Ralph Raphael. Frank W. Rounth
walte, K. B. Hollings worth, Mrs. J. Peltier.
Mrs. Helath. Leopold Well. T. Kenler and
wife. Samuel Splro and wife.' Miss Maria Neu
berger, R. T. Bentley, Mrs. E. Gallagher, Ml «s
Gallagher, Miss Dougherty, ¦ Robert Cohen,
Robert Lyngy P. T. Burtls, Herman Frankel,
Dorothy C Elbergr, C. Bagnall, A. . S. Goggin,
B. Kahn. M. I. Wolf, H. C. Droger, Alfred L.
Morgensteln, Stella Frankf.nberg, Mr. and Mrs.
A. Hilborn, C. W. Baken. Mr?. B. E. Henrlk
sen, Mrs. D. J. McKay and son. Mrs. T. Erdln,
Malone Joyce. D. J. McKay. William Martin,
Mr. and Mrs. A. E. Hyman, son and nurse;
B. F. McDonnel and wife, Mary A. McDonnel
Mr. and Mrs. Sam Blbo. Arthur 8. Judle and
wife, Hilda Green, Henry Marx, R.
M. Drake, H." Pollard, Sydney Schles
lnger, L. Lebenbaum, Mrs.' H. Echwenholz,
8 * Hertimann, W. J. ' McPhee,. From
San Joee — Leon L. Hlrsch, ! Mr*. - C.
T. Settle; Mrs. Augusta B. Smith. William
O. Alexander. From Palo Alto— C. Leroy
Childs, C. E. Chllds and wife. Miss B. B. Blg
ler. MlM Stevens. Miss Chllds. Montell Blg
ler Miss Edith Rollefson. From Berkeley —
Mrs. Minnie Monett, Wallace Monett, Chaun
cey Monett, Mrs. L» A. Tenney, J. L. Macabe,
Professor Albln Putzker, F. 8. Edlnger. From
Alameda — J. F. Parr, wife and* family; C.
Bruntsch, F. P. Jamleson, T. D. Kllm. H. M.
Lorber, Henry H. Shed, James H. Eschen.
H. H. Medcraft, H. Bruntsch, J. Darrell
Horan. C W. Youngberg, L. W. Claussen and
wife. From Oakland— Mrs. M. H. Sterling,
Mrs. I. S. Brown, T. Henshaw, M. L. Hadley
and wife. . Mies Dorris Hadley, Mies' T. E.
Mitchell, Miss M. C. Sutherland, C. P. Rust,
Sidney H. Farrell.
Jeremiah Cotfey. Martin King and wife, T. D.
Keeley, A. Levlne, Miss R. Fay, Mies M. Fay.
H. C. Videau. Roger Wilson.' Mrs. T. H. Bar
ber; Joseph A. Stevens and wife. Miss H. f J.
Murphy. Mr. and Mrs. J. T. Sullivan and
lamily. Whit Sullivan, Emile Lampe, G. ¦ J.
Stewart and wife, Thomas E. Ryan, Miss I.
Kelly. Miss Healey. . Charles SchmlU. H. ; J.
Wright, W. Wright, Miss F. Videau, Miss M.
Reynolds. John Reynolds, Mrs. M. Wilson,
Mrs. Perlnc. From Oakland — J. ¦ J. ¦ Burke,
Lloyd Sterling. Mr. and Mrs. Rivers, B. McFad
den. Miss O'Gara, M. J. O"Gara. Mrs. H. Mat
thews, Mis« Cogrlan. From Alameda — Joseph
Morlstany, Miss M. Rosmarln. Miss I* Ros
marln, J. W. Bartholomew, wife and family;
MIm A. Smith. E. Stevens. I. DavU, R. W.
Thompson. • > 1
AT THE RESORTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY, JULY 19, 1903.
37
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIANS
TO-MORROW HIGHT fl " D w A E L t L K
I FIRST TIME HERE I
The Season's Comedy Hit. §
THREE MONTHS IN NEW YORK|
AMELIA
as? COMPANY....
'In Clvde Fitch's
Latest, Wittiest and Best Play
THE FRISKY
MRSJOHNSON
j MATS. WEDNESDAY and SATURDAY |
July 27 Last Week of the
AMELIA BINCHAM SEASON.
High-Class Specialties Every Afternoon and
Evening in the Theater.
HARRY and CARRIE La KOLA
3 MALVERN BROTHERS
ALVINO .
KRAFFT and DALEY
HANLON'S PANTOMIME GO.
VAN FOSSEN and McCAULEY
and New Moving Pictures.
BABY TIGERSJN THE ZOO.
Inspect "CABARET DE LA MORT."
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY, .
—ADMISSION. 10c: CHILDREN. Sc '
~~ sT ' : : ' ~~ ~ ".
1 T n k ra k »V Belaaco & Mayer.
ALGAZAE-^
OWING TO THE ENORMOUS DEMAND TOR
. SEATS.
The Superb Production of Anthony Hope's
..THE PRISONER OF ZENDA..
With
WHITEWHITTLESEY
.Will be given
To-Mght and One More Week.
Evgs., 25c to 75c. Mats.- Thurs., Sat., 15c. 50c
HALL CAINE'S MASTER WORK,
THE MANXMAN
POSTPONED TO JULY 27.
! flUsSBBSV BEP*^
Seventh and Market Sta.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENINO.
POLITE VAUDEVILLE.
The Oreat Zano; Robinson and Grant;
- \The Newmans; The Burroughs; The
Three v Kuhns; Kraftt and Daley;
HarTy and Carrie La Kola; Clin-
ton Montgomery and the Bioscope.
PRICES-^-Nlgnt.' 25c. 20c. 15c. 10c; Matinees.
20c and 10c ' ¦ - ¦
- Phont for Seats — South 1022."
; D T> 17 o II t? O J F0R BARBERS ' BA "'
Dn Ilk^n FikJ kers. bootblacks, bath-
~T. *• * -•- - houses, billiard Ublea.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers. : canners.
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers. ., printers. ' painters. sho« -factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers.- tanners/ tailors, stc*
BXTCSAXTAV BBOS^
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St.
ATffTJSZMENTS.
¦ v
g "Week Commencing THIS AFTER- r£
JS • NOON. July la g
j NEW ATTRACTIONS I
I CLAUDE GILLINGWATER I
5 AND COMPANY §
i « Presentlnjr :m» .Own Little'' Comedy. 8
IX . ' Th« Wrong Man." «
I ETHEL LEVEY I
2 " (Mrs. Georg:e>-M^ Cohan) the Vivacious S
g , . -mtM Versatile Singing - and 8
'ft " ' ; Dancing Comedienne. ; S
PRPHEUS COMEDY FOUR 1
O Introducing an Original Musical and S
0 .' V» . pomedy Sketch. «
I THE THREE POLOS i
la Thetr^Famoas Novelty. '"Tlie Hnsua > :
» • \ Trapexp." 9,
1 GEORGE W. HUNTER I
g Th* Quaint Comedian and. Raconteur. <>
1 BAILEY and MADISON I
8 Orotesqu* Ecc-ntrlc*. "What Won't «
»,"; ¦ «'rt They Do Next. r*
Ihodbes&launghmere I
!"The American Nlghti&ralea." §
THE BIOGRAPH I
Showing the Latest Motion' Pictures, o
6 The Talk of the Townt Last Week ot *e
I DE KOLTA §
U The Wizard. Presenting Him Mysttrloaa ©
V Problems and Magical Illusions. Q
X Parquet, any seat. 23c: Balcony. 10c; «
if Children, any part. except reserved. 10c.
rj A few front Orchestra Rows reserved. 3»
i& SOc; Front Rows of Balcony "reserved, g
GENTRALs!
Market St.. near 8th. Phone South 533.
MATINEE~fO-DAT.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME OF
JAMES CQRRIGAN
MULDOON>S PICNIC
MONDAY NIGHT— FOR ONE WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Introducing- the Central's ~New Leading Man.
. the Brilliant Young Actor.
I HERSCHEL
I MAYALL
SUPPORTED BY THE SUPERB CENTRAL
STOCK COMPANY,
In a Magnificent Spectacular Production ot
the Fascinating »and Powerful Drama, .
| FAUST
Including the Famous "Brotfken Scene."
New and Startling.
ELECTRICAL and MECHANICAL EFFECTS.
DDirCC Evenings 10c to Sflo
rlVlWLJ Matinees 10c. 15c. 25c
Monday. July 27— HERSCHEL MAYALL In
"A LION'S HEART." r
OCEAN TRAVEL.
•><£\C~?5&v Steamers leave San Fran-
/fiSA — *6^V cisco as follows: "^
AriZ _ Xtt\ ' For Ketchlkan, Juneau.
to/vWRAA \**\ Ska«way, etc.. Alaska — 11 a.
1 I \%Sa I 1 m > Ju 'y 2°. 23 . 3 °. Au«mt
\ V XlsBM^A/ ./ 4. Changff to company's
\*X. \\ XO7 steamers at Seattle.
- vr>-i— - *4s For Victoria. Vancouver.
¦Sa^tSV^i^ Port Townser.d. Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett. Whateorn— 11
a. m., July 20, 25. 30. August 4. Change at
Seattle to this company's steamers for Alas-
ka and O. N. Ry.: at Seattle for Taeoma to N.
P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p. m.. July 21. 27. August 2: Corona. 1:30 p.
m.. July 13. 24. 30. August 5.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara-—
Santa Roaa. Sundays, ft a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Crux, Mon-
terey, . San Simeon, Cuyacos. Port Harfordl
(San Luis Obispo), Ventura, and Hueneme.
Coos Bay, » a. m.. July 16. 24. August 1.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose det
Cabo, ' Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Ro-
salia. Guayms (Mex.). 10 . m. 7th of each
month. '
For further Information obtain folder. " ;
Right Is reserved to Changs steamers or sail-
ing dates.
Ticket Offices — * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel), 10 Market street- and
Broadway wharf. • ¦• ¦ <
Jtoelght Office. 10 Market street.
C. T>. DUNANN,. General Passenger Agent.
V ' ; . 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
bi r. ist n. cbi:
-' "Columbia" sails July 22, Aug. V 11. 21. 31.
"George W. Elder" sails July 17. 27. Aug. 6.
16 26. Only steamship line to PORTLAND.
OR, and short rail line from Portland' to- all
points East. Through tickets to all points, all
rail or - steamship and rail, at LOWEST
RATES, i Steamer, tickets include berth and;
meals. Steamer satis foot of Spear st. at 11 a.
m. S. F.. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass. 'Dept., i
Montgomery St.: C. CLIFFORD, Gen. Agt. Fit.
Dept., 3 Montgomery st. ¦ •¦"-.-- ¦.--¦: ;
fOYO KISEN KAISHA;
(ORIENTAL' STEAMSHIP CO->
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hiogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting ' at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc No
cargo received on board on day of calling.
S. S NIPPON MARU Friday, July 31, 1903
S. S. AMERICA MARU ...
Wednesday. August 28. 1903
S. 8. HONGKONG MARU (Calling at Ma-
nlla). ...Saturday. September 19. 1903
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage, apply at' Com-
pany"2 office. 421 Market street," corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
Oceanics.s.co. «---tas
9 S ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. July 23.11 A.M.
S a VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Aug. «. 2 P. M.
S.8. MARIPOSA. for Tahltl.August 15.H A.M.
4J>3ECIElU»iaCMgti.Jri!t3fle,B43Icrtim
WgbtK&iJia laritstSt.Pkrb. T.htfflett.
C0XP1O5R ' 6XXCUZ.Z TaA5SATLARTiaO2
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARM. \ r^_
Salllnjf evf ry Thursday, instead of -^feicri)
Saturday. _at 10 a. m.. from Pier 4i -»=3saBS»
North River, foot of Morton stree*.
First-class to Havre. $70 and uoward. Sec-
ond-class 'to Havre, 945 and 'upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York. J. F.FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents ' 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents:
tUr> Island «nd V alls j» _ Stomwt.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MON'TICELLO
— 9:43 a. m.. 3:15 and M:30 p. m., w. Sunday.
Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30. p. m. Leaves Valtejo.
7 a. m., 12:3O noon.' 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day," a. m. r 4:13 p. m. Fare, 50 cents. 'Tel.
Main 1509. Pier 2, Mlsslon-st. dock. HATCH
ADVERTISEMENTS.
' ¦ .. . ' ¦ :
FORTHIS ENTIRE WEEK
SUGAR, best Cane, 25 lbs. .'.$1.00
(EOFFEE, best* Mocha and
Java, 2 lbs. .' .70
TEA, best 10 flavors, lib... .60
BUTTER, best made, 1 sq . . .45
SOAP, best laundry, 5 cakes .25
$3.50 worth for $3.00
ButteiyChoice Creamery sq. .35
COD. GROCERY CO. inc
JOHN ROBINSON, President.
313 OTarrell St., Near Mason
\ Formerly of Post and Buchanan.
Telephone 'Folsom 316.
Mo Liquors / Prompt Delivery
AMUSEMENTS.
UNION COURSING PARK
JOHN GRACE. Judge. J. F. GRACE. Slipper.
To-Day, Sunday\~July 19, 1903
©4
Grackerjacks
TO COMPETE FOB HOKOBS ZXT A1I,-
-A<JB EVEITT.\
TRAIN SERVICE.
Special trains S will ; leave .Third ¦'. and . Tcwn-
send streets at 10:15 a. m. and 1 p. m.; Twen-
ty-rtfth and "Valencia streets five minutes later.
Returning Immediately after: the last course.
San Mateo electric cars direct; to the park en-
trance : every four, minutes i during ' the day. •
. ADMISSION, ;i 25 -cents. /' LADIES FREB.
GrandBayExcursion
SUNDAY^ JUL Y 19;'
/• ' New. v commodious * steamer : SUNOL.' . Leave
-.Washlngton-st.'' wharf.-. 10 a. m. One hour stop
'at'tVallejo.-wMare ilsland-,and other ; points t of
Interest visited.: .Return at .5 P.tm. ,,>:¦
ROUND TRIP TICKETS— 80c' ¦
_ _ ADVERTISEMENTS.
• ¦ » ¦ ¦ . <
| Dry Goods • i^^^^ s Company, i
I CURTAIN DEPT. j
2 These High Grade Certain* "will Be dosed Out at Prices Mentioned Below. I
| AMERICAN ARABIAN CURTAINS 1
O Ten styles that were $5.00, $5.90 and $6.00 a pair, for a 0"^ PJQ <
¦ HANDSOME ARABIAN CURTAINS <rpr 7c j
2 Four styles that were sold at $7.50 and $8^0, a Short Une...*P^-' # ¦ >fj^j|
2 FRENCH CLUNY CURTAINS i
O Hand made and always sold at $5.00, $5^0, $6.00, $7^0 _ _ H j
G and $9^0 a pair j to doa <wt the entire line at $4^5, V7 Kfl
g $5.00, $6J5 and .; _ .....*P * •*"vV |
2 ARABIAN AND i
2 MARIE ANTOINETTE CURTAINS \
• Hand made, always sold at $9.00 and $10.00 a pair, to C "7 C f\ i
¦ dear out ..4* / ••JVJ I
¦ ELEGANT PLAIN CENTER PORTIERES j
n Green, blo« and red brocade, with cord border finish, for- (rQCA I
O merly sold tt $10.00 and $12.00 a pair; to clear at 4*O. Jv <
• REAL ARABIAN CURTAINS W% \
§ Fonnerly sold at $J100 and $1150 a palri to be closed QMQ C\(\ '
S . ...;.-. j
q OTftnf"* **<* Porllcrca mt"t* to order at short notice at moderate prices. j
¦ CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, j
¦ Geary and Stocrtoa Streets, Union Sqaare. I
¦^•^¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦•¦— —¦•¦•¦•»•¦•¦•¦•¦•!
..-, ; ¦ : . ; / ¦ I .'¦ ADVEBTISKiyrElCTS.C %'': . 5
''"¦"'„•'" . j " r - 1 "'"'",' " tjn - runrl1 " 1 "' "-'-"- - ri - l '- n - r - '--'-'- ' ¦ -^-1- J»^-^.-».NW^i.J ii-ii- _. ' % -i- - -^ ¦- -1 -¦'- -i. "I n ¦ ¦- IT- ~
t §™r ?fdr' ™%r u
ra^'B. In San Francisco are found among the patrons of
WSfflPCT our" establishrrtent, and the reason is easily understood fi[
'^^Tj' * When ; you realize that. our reliability, the excellence ol a
• ;-v*^-i-V our productions and our prices win the confidence of |
all our. customers. ¦ . • . -' S.' : ' ,'ff
We are manufacturers,' selling, direct -to the consumer,* and a i
glance at our prices will convince you of what a great- sayinjj this % means f
j Our Special Attraction for: This Week Is- |
CORSET) COATS. I
We have them In' Covert cloth, fln» Melton, Urht Kersey and A|A j*jk'''l :
Broadcloth. They are lined In fancy taffeta or In heavy satin v 1 1 00 a
throughout, and will fit perfectly. .;..*. 7;..'. ¦nlllalllf 8
- ; • We have a few styles for $8 60 tha.t you may be suited in. . ] VI Ml W W 1
; . OUR LINE OP BLACK BROADCLOTHrANDHIOH NOVELTY 6UTT3 in the I
newest . fancy, mixtures and plain colors, all with extra quality stik AA _ _ ¦ I
drop skirts, in the very latest summer styles, is the most complete m**l f Mil B
in the city.- They are now selling: In different- stores at $40. Our • A / I . ¦] I I €
price for the. remainder of the month Is.. '......".'.... w» ¦ IVW fi
(Our stock of these roods Is very limited as we told you last week, so If you S
wish to take advantaice^of the offer you will 'have to come early.) ' rj
We Have Still a Few July Bargains Left. . |
'VOILE AND ETAMINB SUITS in NOVELTY SILK COATS.- handsomely g
fashionable styles, trimmed. In the popu- trimmed and" lined, full $15. *2O and $25 K
Inr shades of tan navv values, for «1O. 912 and 915. C
blue, white cream and A |P Aft, ¦ f 7 8^f f lo'i^dW. ' '" * ' f
black. Considered good A|:jil! ETAMINE SKIRTS. trimmed, for I
value at $27.60 « IVIW " 3&O, f3. $0.50, ? 7.50 and $10. I
. 1230, 1232, 1234' Market Street, Near Jones. I
, AMUSEME1TCS.
TlX/rtl I OPERA
I I VYV/L.1 HOUSE.
Last Presentation To-night of the Great
¦ Comic Opera, • .•"• ',
WANG
EDUl/IIS STEVENS
¦ as the Siamese Recent.
MONDAY EVENING, JULY 20. Will See the
Opening of the Big Engagement of -
Camille d'Arville
In Smith and De Koven's- Masterpiece,
HIGIIWAYMAN."|
EDWIN STEVENS
As Foxy Qulller, the Bow-street Detective.
BRIGHT DIALOGUE,
CATCHY MUSIC,
MAGNIFICENT STAGING,
SPLENDID COSTUMES.
The Big Production of the Operatic Season.
POPULAR PRICES ....: 25c, 50c, 75c
Telephone. Bush 0.
rAbirORNTA]
U| - TO-NIGHT— Farewell to \ojL
NANCE O'NEIL B\
TO-MORROW NIGHT— First
__ '•, Appearance Here, of n r
dr% the Incomparable / •!
*¦ ¦ NEILL-MOROSCO CO..
R(\ Presenting . Crawford's De- J%{\
¦" v llghtful Romance^
I O tz IN THE PALACE OF TEE KINO O «>
|- w BlRRest Bargain Ever Offered **^ /
1 PRICES — Entire .Lower
- l^__ Floor. 75c; Balcony, 60c;
Irn Oallery. 2.'.c; UarRaln Mati- \^ m
¦ II H ¦ nees Thursday, 25c and 50c. L§
llHEATRbl
ONLT MATINEE SATURDAY.
. BEGINNING ,¦''
TO " IN I G H T
RAYMOND AND CAVEELY •
And Our Superb New York Company In
The New • Whimsical Musical Eccentricity.
IN WALL STREET]
The Same Production as Used by .the Rogers
Brothers at the Victoria Theater,
. . , , New -York.
•NEW, SONGS, SPECIALTIES, ETC.
" PRICES— 25c. 50c, 75c. '
Fischer's shows are all good, but this one sur-
- -passes.
It tickles ; the matrons and pleases the lasses.
Never anything. here so liked; by the masses,.
And its praises are sung by all sorts and
A TREMENDOUS COMBINATION BILL, '
UNDER THE RED GLOBE I
AND
THE THREE MUSKEETERS
EVERYTHING NEW— EVERYTHING A HIT
V— EVERYTHING MAGNIFICENT.
i'.' The same popular prices. Come early to se-
cure seats, as "standing room only" will sure-
ly ¦rule. ¦¦¦'.-.¦-.': ,-¦ :\ ¦ , .*¦ ¦'¦ '
pnUna OON'T FAIL TO
1 UlUtW see the beautiful
/; COURT' LounRing-
' ilfl/l room, the EMPIRE
UIJU . PARLOR. ; the
¦W- * PALM ROOM, the
if rjllin louis xv par.
UlUllU LOR and the- LA-
if i « WRITING
Hotels R Q QM
Weekly Call, $1 per YearHONOLULU; July; 18. — The annual report of
the shipping commissioner, shows - that" during
the past- fiscal | year- 1200 • sailors . shipped from
Hawaiian ; porU,< including ¦. 36 nativts of the
tilands.; v -
HONOLULU. July 16.— The Board of Health
• ill coon leave for the -annual tx.cc*ctlon of
the leper settlement at Molofcat. There are
f> peraon* at the settlement who derlare that
they are not lepers and it t» possible that
Uer «1J1 be released.
•They." wrote a Kansas City • reporter,
having reference to, two men who r were
saved after. being in the. flood ' two days,
"suffered terribly, as they were without
food or water." " . ¦- ¦ ~-.~
OAKLAND, July 18.— Adrian- Beaufils,
an upholsterer," residing . at 1626 Sixth
street, Berkeley, was hurled; from a train
this evening at Death Curve, West Oak
land, and , received ¦ Injuries which may
cause his' death.: He sustained a com
pound fracture of ": the left leg '- below the
knee, , badly lacerated , scalp : and '^con
cussion '. at . the*/ brain. His right arm was
pierced by a large eight inch f silver ~> of
wood. (Jp to a late, hour; to-night * Beau
fils had not recovered consciousness.
Hurled From a Train.
Big Beal Estate Deal.
OAKLAND. July 1S.-A J125.000 deal in
Ean Francisco realty has just been closed
by which Mrs. Emily 8. Karns, widow of
the late D. E. H. Pardee. secures the
property. 75x112 feet. " on the southeast'
corner of Taylor and O'Farrell streets j
vhlch formerly belonged to a Ban Jose '
bank. . ' j
¦ ? « _
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, July IS.— The following mar
riage license* were issued by the County Clerk
to-day: Andrew Costa. 27. and Rosle Correa,
16. both of Oakland; WMUam R. Moore, over
SI. and Elizabeth M. O'Brien, over 18. both of
San Francisco; Morizlo J. VIerra,. 38, Stockton,
and Mariana P. de Jens. 37. Nile*: Christian
J. Lutz. 21, and Irene Donovan, ,18, both of
Oakland. -^MMHHBHMHBHHti
Late Shipping Intelligence.
. ARRIVED JULY 18. '
. Stmr Columbia. Randall. 50 hours from Port
land, and Astoria. *2 hours. .-. .
Bark CD.' Bryant. Watt*. 22 days from La-
DOMESTIC PORTS.
• ASTORIA— -Arrived July IS— Br. stmr Tot
tenham, from Mojl, via Port Los Angeles.
/ Sailed— July : 1»— Stmr Vosburgr : for Tilla
mook; achr Churchill for Cape Town. -
ALCATRAZ LANDING— Arrived July i$_
Ship Marlon Chilcott. from Honolulu.
PORT.TOWNSEND— Arrived July 18— Br
bark Tronpate, from Victoria. ¦•' > ..,
¦ Sailed — July. 18— Norwegian :. bartvA van tl for
Delagoa Bay: ship St. David, for Alxoa Bay
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived July 18— Br stmr
Ivydene.from Port Blakeley; schr Manila, from
, BERKELEY, July lS.-Miss Mary Page
has , been elected , delegate' f ronv the Uni
versity. Y;;M. v C.i A. to the national con
vention of : that body, ; to be held this fall
at Lake George,; N. Y. Miss Page is a
member of ) the « Prytanean Society. •
Robert ( SIbley, '03, * has accepted a posi
tion as electrical; engineer. In charge of
the Mariposa Commercial Mining Com
pany's plant; in County. • :
Professor '.George Herbert Palmer,, of
Harvard _ University .- will v leave t for • "the
East Just the ~ summer school
cloEes.i . important i- business 1 having _T de
manded his attention. .. in order;; not to
disappoint' those taking work under him,
he Is • giving : a special " course • of lectures
on : "Freedom." ';' -- r ~. '
Tuff old Knutt— Wot's the use o\goln f to
any. trouble?' They're .klllin 1 theirselves
off fast 'miff. Let 'em alone.— Chicago
Tribune.
Goodman Gonrong— Somethln' crt to 'be
done" with these^fellers that goes scootln*
over ;. the bullyvards with their big red
devil wacons.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
OAKLAND. July lS.-The installation
r.t the newly elected offleem of Oakland
Lodge No. 3. Fraternal Brotherhood, at
il^Jle HaU laet night was conducted by
Mrs. E. R. Neldlg of Lo« Angeles the
Fupreme Me* president of the order. ' The
following officers -were Installed:
Pr«idtnt. A. S. Ormsby; past president,
James Taylor; vice president. E." C Voor
hl*e; secretary. Charles Pritchard- treas
urer. Mies Sadie Carr; chaplain. Mies
Rose Campbell; outer doorkeeper. Mrs.
Andrews; Inner doorkeeper, Mrs.' Fred
Murdock; physicians. Dr». Herrick and
Scbofleld; musician. Mr*. A. Heinman.
Oakland Lodge Installs Officers.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, July 18— The Ger
man warship F&lke called here for orders
to-day. She will proceed to Haytl to
morrow owing to the gravity of the situ
ation there. A dispatch from Port-au-
Prtnc« July 13 announced that the conflict
there between President Nord and the
Chambers continued and had resulted in
the proclamation of a state of siege and
the calling out of the National Guard.
Port-au-Prince in State of Siege and
National Guar''. Called
GERMAN WARSHIP FALKE
WILL PROCEED TO HAYTI
Mrs. Bates came to New York early In
the spring. She brought the lace to have
It cleaned and repaired. As the cleaner,
a woman, completed the work on the
separate • pieces she sent' them to Mrs.
Bates by express, there being three sep^
arate bundles. The second contained the
lace that is missing. The last package
contained the piece of greatest . value— a
large shawl. It reached Washington
safely. No . trace of the second package
has been found, however. The- cleaner
says that although the lace was.commer
cially worth J6000 it was really of greatCT
value, because it madeup a port o(a
set and also because It was an'nelrloom.
It was worn by Mrs.; Bates', , mother at
the . time " King • Edward, - as Prince of
Wales, was entertained at . the White
House. She says there is no other piece
like it In the world.
NEW YORK, July 18.— A package con
taining six yards of lace, said to be val
.ued at JSOOO. has been missing ulnce April
6, when It was shipped by express from
here to Washington. The lace is a part
of a set valued at $30,000 and belonging
to the wife of > General A. E. Bates of
Washington, D. C. Mrs. Bates is at pres
ent In Europe with her ¦ daughter. ¦»
Wife of General Bates Loses a Valu
able Heirloom in the
Express.
RARE LACE VALUED AT
?1OOO A YARD IS MISSING
BERKELEY, .July 18.— Postmaster
George Schmidt was authorized to-day by
the Postal Department to establish a free
rural postal delivery for the people of the
San ' Pablo ¦ Valley district. The system
will go into effect on August 1 with one
carrier.
A distance of twenty-eight miles will be
covered, involving twenty-one square
miles of territory and 468 people. The
route will be from the town line of Berke
ley at San Pablo avenue to the 'town of
San Pablo, up the San Pablo Creek road
to Bryant and return via the, Fish ranch
road. The carrier will mall, sell
stamps, postal cards and stamped en
velopes and register letters.
'The only requirement from the people of
the district is that they shall erect -boxes
for the reception of their mail.
Residents of San Pablo Valley, Bry
ant and Fish Ranch District
" to Receive Maili^Es^P
PROMISES FREE DELIVERY
FOR THE COUNTRY PEOPLE
Stuart testified that his father, former
ly British Vice-Consul in Boston, was
found to be insane by experts who ex
amined him some years ago. He said
that Mr. Wentworth had declared that
doctors knew nothing about medicine.
"I know more about It than all of them
together," he had said. "Why, look at
me, I have dyspepsia and what do I. use,
for It? I use sand and the only reason
Is that the chickens use it. It does them
good and why should It not do' me good?"
Stuart told of many medicines which
Wentworth brought home and of many
concoctions which he would . try to mix,
some of which, such' as, whisky and oil,
would not\mix- Mr. Wentworth used to
take sandpaper and sandpaper his hands
and often the. top of his head. He said
It was a good thing for rough or chapped
hands, to make 'them smooth.
BOSTON, July IS.— Arloch v»'entworth.
the deceased Boston millionaire, once
told his ' grandson, Willoughby H. Stuart
Jr.. according to testimony given. by Mr.
Stuart before Probate Judge Harmon,
that Willoughby H. Stuart, Wentworth's
son-in-law, had debts amounting to four
or five millions. This testimony was given
at a bearing in the contest of the will of
Wentworth which cut off relatives and
left $7,000,000 to found an industrial school.
The family holds the testator was of un
sound mind. r , - '"
Willoughby H. Stuart Jr. of Boston
Tells Tales of His Grand
fai£en
SON-IN-LAW WITH DEBTS
AMOUNTING TO $5,000,000
OAKLAND. July IS.— Scattering plun- i
der and burglars' implements as he ran, '
a burjfiar. who was recognized by the ¦
police as Charles Davidson, an ex-convict, '<
was chased by officers and citizens for
nearly a mile to-day before be
ing captured. He was Keen, leav
ing a room in the Pullman Ho
tel by Jerold Hennes*y. who notified !
the pclle*. Chief Hodgklns and Detective
Rhorey started in pursuit and finally land
*-d the man. When booked at the police
Ftation he gave his name as William
Stewart,, but was recognized aa Charles
Davidson, who was sentenced In this city'
to ser\-e a five years' term In San Quen
tin for burglary.
Charles Davidson, Ex-Convict, Ar
- rested for Burglary After
Chase of a Mile. ,-•'•-
PURSUED CRIMINAL
_ SCATTERS PLUNDER
The increase In Alameda County's as
sessment over last year is J13.S27.533. The
total footings, of the Assessor were'fin
ished late to-night and the re«ult is a
surprise. Of this amount W.129.20S is the
natural increase on real estate and Im
provements in the county. The remain-
Ing J7.698.325 is an arbitrary increase on
the properties of the five lar b 'e corpora
tions holding franchises of public utili
ties. The increase in the assessment of
the Contra Costa Water Company; s prop
erty over last year Is $1,364,250: Oakland
Gas Light and Heat Company $603,225;
Spring Valley Water Company $2,510,350;
Southern Pacific Railroad $2,020,500: Oak
land Transit Consolidated ' $1,200,000. i7
Alameda County's total assessment is
J104.035.S75. Last year it .was $90,$QS,342.
The city of Oakland this year is assessed
at J50,239,750. Last year its assessment
was J43.319.O64. Berkeley _• this year has
gone ahead of Alameda. Its property
valuation Is . placed at Jll,79O,lcO. - Last
year it was J8.707.935. Alameda's assess
ment is $11,764,600. Last year it was $10,
942,484. The most' surprising increase has
been made by Berkeley, which has In
creased J3.0S2.515 ln^the last year.
The Board of Supervisors met this
morning as a board \ of equalization, -but
owing to the fact that the Assessor's
books were not ready to be turned over
the meeting was adjourned to next Mon
day. Assessor Dalton states that he will
take no action In regard to the refusal
of the Southern Pacific Railway to pay
taxes on the $1,050,000 assessment placed
on its .bay franchise. ;. • ./,
"This, amount will be. placed on the as
sessment , roll Tand will be r a lien upon
their property," , he said ;,thls . evening.
"The board of equalization in San Fran
cisco ¦ has j t*t fused to ¦ reduce the assess.
ment and I don't belteve -, the board of
equalization will do it here: There in no
necessity . to attach • a' ferry boat In order
to get'the, 'money." »-¦'.."
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, July 18.
The horse Mrs. Catan was driving took
fright and/ore wildly along the thorough
fare. Miss Magner jumped from the rig
and escaped injury. Mrs. Catan tried to
do likewise, but struck on her head with
great / rce. Stfe was carried, into the
horfte o£ Mrs. Vincent Stroebel and Dr.
A. J. Dean summoned. The physician
found the woman beyond medical aid.
Mrs. "Catan was well known In Hay
wards. She was the wife of Frank Catan,
a local horse dealer, and 35 years of age
Two brothers, who survive her. live hi
the Hawaiian Islands.
In company with Miss May Magner Mrs.
Catan was driving her buggy along Main
street, leading another horse behind the
vehicle. When opposite the Enterprise
stable a number of horses ran out of the"
building and one of the animals became
entangled with the horse tied behind the
buggy.
HAYWARDS, July 18.— Jumping from a
runaway buggy this .morning with' the
object of saving her life, Mrs. Frank
Catan of this city struck the hard maca
dam of the roadway and was dead within
a few minutes from a fracture : of the
skull at the base of the brain. The acci
dent happened on Main stre'et near Native
Sons' Hall.
ALAMEDA, July 18.-Crippled with
rheumatism, D. 1). Matsbn, father-in-law
of Colonel Charles T. Poulter of the Fifth
Regiment, National Guard of California,
fired a bullet through his head this even
ing and died two hours later.
It was at the Poulter residence on San
PablS avenue, near Forty-third street,
where Matson, who was 87 years of age,
ended his life. He took dinner. with the
members of the household and seemed to
be in hif usual spirits. After dinner the
old man went out on the porch and sped
the leaden missile' into his brain.
Dr. George D. Reinle was summoned,
but Matson was beyond relief. Deceased
was a carpenter, but because of his ad
vanced age and crippled condition was
forced to relinquish work some years ago a
Deputy Coroner Henry Quellin founa
three signed notes in Matson's pockets
saying he intended to commit suicide to
f.r.d his misery.
Franchises of Corporations
Responsible for Half
of the Advance. .'
Speeds Bullet Into His
Brain andr>Dies in
Two Hours.
Attempts to Save Life
in a- Runaway and
Loses It.
Computations Yield To
tal of Thirteen Mil
lions Increase.
WOMAN LEAPS
TO HER DEATH
FINDS NEW BXHEDY
POB OBANGE SCAXB
TURNER-LAGEY
WEDDING IS SET
FOR THIS MONTH
w - H. Voids Beturns From Success
ful Trips Among tha Groves
of the South.
BERKELEY. July 1S.-W, H. Voids of
the College of Agriculture of th« Univer
sity of California returned fVday from
Southern California, where he conducted
some successful tests aimed against the
black scale which has been such a de
structive element In the southern groves.
He has found that fumigation of the
trees with cyanic acid to be the best
treatment, but on account of the' danger
attending the process It was not used ex
tensively.
A distillate obtained from crude oil of
28 degrees specific gravity he found to be
the safest spray, as It Is affective and U
not at all dangerous. Voids found that
it was a little late In the year to do as
much as he wanted' and will try hl3
sprays earlier next y«ar. before the scale
has had time to get settled on the fruit.
"I understand that your boy Josiar 13 a
good deal of an athlete," said a neighbor.
"Yes." answered . Farmer Comtosst;!,
"I'm kind o' worried about Josiar. Since
I saw him jumpin' over parallel bars an 1
turntn" somersaults Jes* for the fun of i:.
I'm downright afeard he will work hlss«?!f
to death when he gits here on th« farm
where there's practical business to 'tend
to."— Washington Star.
Ing «old their home at 1S13 Pacific ave
nue, have taken the Elckhoil house at
San Rafael for four months.
• ¦ • '¦•
Mr. and Mrs. .0. C. Pratt have returned
from a five months' vlslt'to New York,
whence Mr. Pratt was called on legal *
business. The Pratt s have taken apart
ments at the Savoy.
Mrs. Davenport and Miss Eleanor Da
venport .will sail on the 8th of August for
the Orient. They will be absent about six
months. HSBs
Cards are out for the marriage of Miss
Gertrude Lacey, daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Charles C. Lacey, to Alfred Joseph
Turner on Wednesday, July 21 The wed
ding will ta»e place at the residence of
the bride's parents, 2821 Octavla street,
In the presence of a few intimate friends
After a wedding trip Mr. and Mrs. Tur
ner will reside at 1571 Grove street, this
city.
Bishop and Mrs. Nichols have returned
from the East and are again at San Ma
teo. Uoon th« completion of the Epis
copal rectory on Webster street, near Pa
cific avenue, the Bishop and family will
reside in tmi city. .
Miss Helen of Honolulu, who
has been visiting friends a< "Watsonvllle
is a sruest at the Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. S. L. Abbott Jr and
Leonard Abbott started last Tuesday for
a ten days' visit to Yosemlte Valley
and Mrs. R. H.. Pease. Mlsa Pease.
B. H. Pease Jr. and Mrs. R. L. Oeden
left. for Portland, Or., last Sunday for a
six weeks' visit to the Northwest.
;. Mrs. John McCracken of Portland Or
arrived In San Francisco Thursday morn
ing and is the guest of Peter Barclay's
family at 1S10 Fillmore street
Miss Maud O'Connor Is convalescing
after an operation for appendicitis.
Miss Katherlne Dillon and Miss Cos
grave are expected to return from abroad
in September. Mr. and Mrs. Casey have
already returned from San Rafael
Mr. and Mrs. James S. Webster, hav-
NEW YORK. July 18.-After Handing
a* a hostelry about 1*3 years the Lodi
Hotel at Kearney. N. J., ha* teen des
troyed by fire. Generals Washington and
Lafayette are counted among »h? histor
ical personages who put up at the old
tavern. They passed a night there short
ly before the battle of Monmouth.
Early in lt« h!«ory its location made
:t a safe resort for the sporting element
and it was a noted place for all kinds of
sports. In more recent years the Led!
Hotel was a gathering place for the Eng
lish and Scotch sportsmen interested in
quoitlng and deg racing. It was Uie place
where the latter sport began in this
country. Another sporting ciass which
made the old hotel prominent were the
trapehooters cf the latter half of the last
century.
Generals Washington and Lafayette
Are Counted Among One-Time
Guests of Hostelry.
FIBE DESTBOYS HISTOBIC
TAVEBN IN NEW JEBSEY
ASSESSOR SENDS
VALUES SKYWARD
Mr,-Bartlett leaves a family composed
of Mrs. Emma Bartlett. his widow; Mrs.
Carroll D. Galvin, Pliny V. S. Bartlett.
Ralph G. Bartlett and Grace E. Bartlett.
ncrs sold their interests in the big con
cern and retired in favor of younger men.
Mr. Bartlett always took an interest in
the affairs of Oakland, though he never
held a political ofiice. He was an active
member of the Athenian Club and within
the last few days had been at -the rooms
playing his customary game of billiards.
_J£ELL KNOWN BUSINESS
MAN . OF OAKLAND WHO
DIED YESTERDAY.
ROME, July 19-9:30 a. m.
— The following medical bul
letin has just been issued by
the Pope's physicians:
"The night was sleepless
with a little tranquillity. The
Pope's strength keeps de
pressed. His respiration is
calm but superficial at 34;
pulse regular, full, but weak
at 95; temperature 36.5 centi
grade. LAPPONI.
. "MAZZONI."
OAKLAND, July IS.— As the result of an
agreement between the executlie commit
tee of the State Building Trades Council
and the president of the Brotherhood of
Carpenters, which was ratified Wednes
day night in San Francisco, the long
standing dispute between the two organi
zations, whitfi was the cause of the re
cent strike of the millmen, seems In a
fair way to be finally settled.
The agreement was announced last
right by National President William
D. Huber at a meeting of the Brother
hood of Carpenters in Hamilton Hall.. The
terms of th«r agreement are protection of
the brotherhood label by the Building
Trades Council to the extent of boycotting
any mill declared unfair by the District
Council of Carpenters, and recognition by
the brotherhood of the agreement entered
into between the Building Trades Council
and the Millowners' Association. Further,
it is agreed that the label of the brother
hood and the Ftamp of the Building
Trades Council must be on all lumber put
up by union carpenters.
AGREEMENT BEACHED
BT WABBING UNIONS
Settlement of Dispute Between Build
ing Trades Council and Broth
erhood of Carpenters.
AGED RHEUMATIC
ENDS SUFFERING
Mr. Bartlett was born in Springfield,
Mass., on October 7, ISIS. In 1SSS he-came
to California and after a short business
career in San Francisco decided to go
into the laundry business and associated
himself with George H. Hallett and P.
E. Dalton. Their Idea was the establish
ment of a white labor laundry, this line
of work at tliat time' being almost exclu
sively in the hands of Chinese. . They
organized the Contra Costa Laundry,
which was for some years located near
Mills College, on what is still known as
the "Laundry Farm." Later the institu
tion was moved to West Oakland, and it
was for years the largest laundry in the
world. They handled the laundry work
for the Pullman Palace Car Company and
many large concerns in San Francisco. "
Of late years other laundries have cut
into the work of the Contra Costa, and
last December the three original part-
enterprise for years, died sudden
ly at noontime to-day at his home on
Franklin street in this city. Mr. Bart-
Ifitt was in his eighty-fourth year, but
had not been ailing, and death is sup
posed to have occurred from the break
ing of a blood vessel in the brain.
OAKLAND, July 18.-Pliny Bart
lett. one of the builders of the
big Contra Costa Laundry busi
ness and superintendent of that
Pope Leo's
Condition
Unchanged
LIVERMORE, July. 18.— Twenty-two
thousand acres of pasture land in the
mountains east of this place have been
devastated by a fire which is still sweep
ing on toward the San Joaquln River, de
spite the efforts of a large number of set
tlers and others to confine J the names.
The stiff westerly^wind^ prevailing is
xnaking.it difficult for the fire fighters to
accomplish much in the way of controll
ing the spread of the flames. .
During the afternoon the mining vil
lages of Tesla and Carnegie were threat
ened, but a sudden veer in the wind
caused the fire to race in another direc
tion. Residents of both of these places
have been guarding their homes since
last night and assisting settlers In the
nearby gulches In battling with the rav
aging element.
Corral Hollow was a eheet of flame last
night and the ridges extending south to
ward Lone Tree Creek and Mount Oso
resembled great fiery serpents. In the
timber belt the flames give the fire fight
ers the greatest trouble. When it ap
pears that they have the flre under con
trol a piece of blazing limb will drop
from a* tree, roll down the mountain side
and start the flames anew. If the west
erly wind continues it Is thought that
the fire will reach the mouth of Lone Tree
Creek and with the stubble fields to feed
on In that vicinity will travel to the San
Joaquin River. "v=
to have visions of piles of gold and bales
of notes. He raved constantly, and
it was found necessary to put
him in a Etraitjacket. At Pan
ama he was taken in charge by the
American Consul, and Arada continued on
to New York. Arada. returned a few days
ago to this city, bringing the news of
how the dreams of fortune had brought
misfortune to his friend. He ascertained
at Panama that Molino had partially re
cox-ered his reason and gone on to Valpa
raiso. Since then no Information has been
received from Molino.
ALAMEDA. July IS.— Joy over the pros
pect of taping from poverty to affluence
so affected the rclad of Joseph Molino,
who left this city three months ago for
Valparaiso, Chile, to assume possession of
• fortur.e tfcet had been bequeathed to
him by a rich ur.cJe, that Molino became
a trild tuimac at Panama. He rras de
tained at ihat place In an asylum for sev
eral weeks, and whm it appeared that his
mental faculties were again becoming
normal xras sent on to Valparaiso by the
American Consul at Panama.
Molino left Chile, his native land, when
a young man. and for thirty years lived
in Alameda, Last spring he received the
intelligence of the demise of the wealthy
u&cle and the cheering information that
he had been left a large bequefL In com
pany with Fillmore Arada of this city
Molino departed frpm here In April, go
ing by steamer from 6an Francisco to
Panama, where the pair intended to take
another steamer for Valparaiso.
Before reaching Panama Molino began
AJamedan Goes Insane While
on Voyage to Obtain
Rich Bequest.
Mining Towns of Tesla and
Carnegie Escape by Veer
of the Wind.
Raging Fire Devastates
Country Back of
Livermore.
of the Aged Joseph
MoJino.
Wealth Makes a Maniac
MONEY DREAMS
UNHINGE MIND
Pliny Bartlett, • Who for Years Has Held
Respected Place- itr the Business Com
munity, Dies in -His Eighty-Fourth Year
REAPER SUMMONS THE FOUNDER
OF FIRST WHITE LABOR LAUNDRY
FLAMES DENUDE
THE MOUNTAINS
THE SAN FBA^CISCa CALL,, SUNDAY, JULY 19, 1903.
38
¦ ' ' ' "'"¦•-"¦ "-" 7 ' ' '"¦:-.-¦-:- ¦-'¦ — •.¦¦•¦ . ¦ . ¦ - • . ' '^w^TSmS^U^tmtL ii tin jiim^^^ If ' - ¦'¦ ' '-'-' /»'*';
¦ y-:.-> ¦:..- .-.. ¦ -.¦¦¦;.. v .. ¦ . . . ¦¦¦¦¦ ¦ ¦-¦ ' .-*--¦ -* - ;¦ ¦ -4 ' :- ¦ . ?¦' '- '•¦ *' y "'' '*¦'.'. ' \ / ' .
I .¦¦.:-:¦-¦¦¦¦¦.-..¦.-:.¦"¦¦¦¦-¦*¦•:¦¦¦ ¦ : :¦¦:¦¦_¦ ¦ ¦;:¦•¦< '. -..''¦: .----. »-:¦ , .'.''' : , ¦ . .
•¦ V . ¦::¦-..¦•¦¦ ¦¦:¦": . :-¦ :¦: - v ...- ;-^ . :¦ . . SRSm pShFt-''- '' ",','- • '¦' iw&%Br*****Bk
t'- :; ?&1 :: -^ ¦¦¦..'¦ .. ¦ ¦ •''¦¦;'/•¦' ', .'/;¦"'¦¦•' %-''¦¦'¦ ''
\ •¦ • • ~ ..:¦¦¦ :- . ¦ ¦ ¦; ::¦-¦<¦¦¦ '¦¦ ¦ ' -¦ : '¦ ¦-.¦¦*',- '-.;-. ... y; . ¦ • •¦:'¦. ¦•¦ ...-....:-. . y #^ ¦Jlffipr i LTW Z\*n
:¦ ¦ : .'¦¦: :. .:¦¦-¦¦ . :¦ " o ._ •'*¦: ¦' :¦ : ...• : •¦ .: s. ¦ y- ¦ .-. .-¦*; : -. ¦ :¦• : " ¦ r *. * - ' -1-. " ¦ '•¦: .y ' .'_.. ' . . ¦ ' j/#V t^^fvtBKL. j3Zj*£mtWn\
: .-..." ¦...-- ..¦: ¦¦. :_• '¦¦¦:•"'¦•¦ ::¦:¦:,. -._¦¦¦ i- .'.._:¦' ¦ ¦ ' .¦:':. ' ¦;¦¦ . '¦ ' ¦ ¦ ' ¦ ' .- ' Ciff? /gj?»g£gTngj^W^4J
* ¦'"':' : "'¦¦¦¦¦' -¦"',- '. .". '¦¦'.'. -"¦'••' ¦:%¦'•¦¦ ' -^." ' '~'f "".¦•'','¦ '¦ ¦'¦¦' "'"¦-¦' '. 'S ¦¦ ' : . :-:•:¦*¦"-" '- ¦ '. ¦ - - '¦ . - * ¦¦ ' '± '¦'•-¦ '¦ ' '¦' ¦; ' iJFmmS^t ' ~*Mrf^mmF^PvfC'£^X$iv^^Mi»\M
¦ :' ¦¦.¦:¦-. .:¦¦¦¦:•.¦• ,- :.•¦_:"- ,..'¦¦:.-¦.¦-::.-:¦¦¦¦. , ..-.-.: '. ' "¦ ¦ jjSrjnBrw'' '**'-** ffiffwIiTl ' ' l85&*&L. MtSF^* 'f^^lfiSjBSfBA
¦ . '¦ * -¦•::< .¦¦^. .¦¦-¦ .::¦ :\ .*¦'. - ..v-.-^ . * . .'-....•:¦. ¦¦¦ • •¦ — - ¦ : . ¦¦ .•:.¦:-... . ¦. ¦ ' ' •• ' . Hun0yftflalRM8^EaB "'/.'"/&'¦ 1 ,,'¦--• " SjKV#^^S^«J^JPBIjJBBjv^yBBKS2f9PS%4|y3SJnBj
•::¦'-* ¦ •¦¦¦ . ¦ ¦ v ¦'¦:.:¦. ¦• ..¦¦¦. . . - fWKtjJUi ft" £w» Kl^MW ¦^^^LjT%^K''^^^^tfft- j^ ¦VDHS^B^BHB^^K^^A4^^KB^^HvS3Ba7V9PI
V ' ¦ ¦ * '.'.:' .¦.¦¦¦•..•:¦: 'Tv.'. •'. ,¦.-._.¦,.:¦-:¦.'¦ .•.¦...:¦.. .¦-,.- '. •.-::•¦.. '-• ¦ •' . .•¦., .'¦'.:¦'¦'¦/- .-, ,'.-.' '/¦ jKwJ9U^BW^Bf^KEB^^^M I 1 ftflB^BK^Bu99lB9^W4ttS'93^SwB>i^'^^i4%SEB^^MH
* '*'' * " ' ¦ "¦' ' ' '¦ **¦ ' * ' 01 /'---' •/ ¦' .•¦¦'¦• j^HHMH(T^BS90Bt^'^"l9'vTvx9Ka 2* ' ' Sjl^sM "•¦ ¦ wSSP^Bt' sb^v^bb^BRi^^b^^m££^b^^%^9E3
The (^Homestead.
ree Oil Painting
With Next Sunday's Call.
There is nothing in the wide, wide world quite so appealing as home.
Be it ever so humble there is no spot like the habitation of the individual
man. Kich or poor, high or low, good or bad, prince or pauper, the in-
_, clination is for home, and any picture that represents home ties or home
features touches the wannest spot in the hearts of all men and women.
Apropos of this, The San Francisco Call presents as its art supple-
• ment next Sunday an oil painting which is a perfect reproduction in color
of the celebrated picture yby #Henry P. Smith entitled "The Old Home-
stead." It represents a New- England farmhouse and' possesses* artistic
qualities of the highest order. Its composition is well balanced, its color
harmonious and there is a satisfying fidelity in the completeness with
which the details are elaborated. There is an element of outdoors in the
• whole beautiful scheme. The farmhouse, with its antique, cozy character,
its great elm tree in front, its rich greens surrounding and its air of
S shade, comfort and coziness are peculiarly attractive.
Smith, the artist, is one of the most successful of New York pic-
ture-makers and he is one bf the most cultivated men in the art world.
Hitherto he has devoted himself largely to Venetian scenes — pictures of
architectural wonders of the Old World. The, present effort is an innova-
tion; it passes from the grandeur of Granada and Seville to the homely^
comforts of a New England homestead.- The change shows great versatil-
ity in the artist and has in it an atmosphere that is peculiarly graceful
and charming.
California readers will be especially interested in this attractive pic-
ture of Eastern homeliness and natural luxury, conveying as it does a de-
licious sense of coolness that seems to exude from the canvas. . *
TREE, of Course, With Next Sunday's Call.
The Call is Sold by All Newsdealers on the Coast
They Are framing Call Art Supplements
The Following Art Dealers Are Making a Specialty of Framing
Call Art Supplements:
Petaluma— H. S. Outermute, J. M. Marysville— O. "W. Hall.
WyckofP. San Diego— W. P. Puller & Co.,
Sacramento— He^ener, Mier & Co., • >1) 71 P street. * •
J 615 J street. - J. Saake, 13 Tele-
San Jose— George Derme, M. Len- gy^ ave nue; J. A. Barlow, 369
zen & Son. Twelfth street.
Stockton— Morris Bros.* Bookstore, tv.«t,« <b~v««.- *-. .
20 North Eldorado street; Stockton t!!, * '
Backet Store, 71i: East Main street; Bedwood City-W. I* Kline.
Gage's art store, 509 East Main Santa Cruz— H. E. Irish, v Cooke
street; Weber's art store, 425 East Br08 -» F - *¦ Hew » George Hobaa.
Main street. '¦;'.**? Alameda— C. P. Magagnos, 1358
' Bedding— W. H. Bergh, "Bergh Park street.
Purniture Company." Chico— Petters & Williams.The market closed ; the ¦ week dull and un
changed. The Chicago letter of ; Bolton. 1 De
Ruyter & Co said: '.'The market Is heavy
and dragging. Receipts of Hogs are liberal,
quality continues fine and every indication of
plenty more '¦ to come. There ¦ is a slight . Im
provement In the . cash demand." - We ¦ would
advise 'selling provisions on the hard spots.!'
¦/ CURED .-' **BiATS — Uacon. 12%e-per fb /or
heavy, .13c for light medium, 15c for light. l»%o
f or J extra light., 17%c for sucar-curtd and luc
for extra " sugar-cured; Eastern' ¦ugarrcured
Hams, 15%c; California Hanu. UKOlZai iitm
Provisions.
FLOUR— California Family Extras 14 403
4 65, usual^erxns; ¦¦¦ Bakers' Extras, ' $4 300
4 40: Oregon* and^ Washington, *3 70@4 per
bbl for Family and $3 70@4 20 for Bakers' !
MILLSTUFFS— Price»^ In packages are 'as
follows: Graham Flour. $3. 25 per 100 lbs; Rye
Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal.- $3; Rice Flour $7-
Corn Meal. $3 25; extra ¦ cream do. $4;* oit
Groats. $4 60; ; Hominy . $404 23; Buckwheat
Flour. $4 60®4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 50: Fa
rina, $4 25; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 60- Rolled
Oats, bbls.' $« T6«8 *i; tn sacks. $« 20©8 10^
Pearl Barley $5 60; Split Peas. - boxeT $7
Green Peas, $5 60 per 100 lbs. i .. : .T*_. V.\
Flour and Millstuffs.
The market for new fruit U slowly ex
panding In assortment. New evaporated Ap
ples have appeared and are offering at 5%c.
New Peaches are quoted at 4%e5c for fair
stock, and new Pears at 7c. These quotations
are somewhat nominal, however, as receipts
of all the sorts mentioned are thus far small
and scattering. _«„
FRUITS — N«w Apricots. ( @8c; old Evap
orated Apples, 4@5%c; sun-dried, 3S4c-
Peaches. 4®5%c: Pears. 4©4%c for, quarters
and 6®C%c for halv-es; Nectarines. J#5c for
white; Plums. 4@«c for pitted and 1@1% C for
unpttted: Figs. 3%®4c for black and 4Q!5c
f °PRUNES— 1902 crop, 2%®2%c for the four
slaes, with %® lc Premium for the large sizes.
'RAISINS — 1U02 crop are quoted ss follows:
2-crown loose Muscatels, 0O-lb boxes. 151.4c per
lb- 3-crown. 6%c; 4-crown, tic; Seedless, loose
Muscatels. 5c; SeedlesB Sultanas. Pc; Seedless
Thompsons, 6%c; 2-crown London Layers, 20.
lb boxes. $1 40 per box; 3-crown. $1 50; 4
crown fancy clusters. 20-lb boxes. $2; 2-crown
Dehesas 20-lb boxes. $2 50; ti-crown Imperials,
20-lb boxes, $3: Seeded, f. a'b. Fresno, fancy,
1-lb cartons,' 7%c: choice, 7%c.
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, -lSUaiSc*
No 2 10%@ll%c; No. 1 hardshell. 11 %@l2e;
No 2 104^1C%c: Almonds. He for Nonpareils,
10%©Uc for IX L. 10©10%c for Ne Plus Ul
tra and 838%c.for Languedoc; Peanuts, 6®7o
for Eastern; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoaiuts. $4 60
(25. ¦ • • ' ; ' ' " '¦'*-•¦ " ¦ ' ¦ ¦¦-¦"'
HONEY— Comb, new, nominal ; ' new water
white extracted. 5%@6c; light amber extract
ed 5O6%c; dark, nominal. ¦
BEESWAX— 270230 per lb.^^ . -
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins, Honey
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, July 18.— FLOUR— Receipts
21,000 barrels j exports, 14,400 barrels; flour'
steady.
WHEAT— Receipts, 4S.950. Spot dull- No.
2 red 84% c elevator and 84c f. o. b a'floaf
Nol J. Northern Duluth. 92%c f. o. b. afloat :
No. 1 hard Manitoba, 91 %c f. o. b. afloat
The market was very dull and somewhat ir
regular with the general tone on slight offer
ings and rains in harvesting districts. Near
the close prices gave way suddenly with West
ern markets and left off for the w«ek at
V*®%c net decline. No. 2 red July closed
63*ic. September 81%c, December 81%c.
HOPS— Dull; Pacific Coast ll»02, 16021 %c:
1001. 13@16c; olds, 5@8c. ; 1
HIDES— Steady. California,/ 21 to 25
pounds, 19c. /
WOOL — Firm; domestic fleece. 2SJ//32c.
SUGAR — Raw. firm; fair refining, 3 3-16c
centrifugal 96 test, 3 ll-l»3c. Molasses sugar
2 15-l(Jc. 'Refined firm. No. 6, 4.00c- No 7
4.55c: No. 8, 4.50c; No. 9, -4.45c; No. 10 4 40c-
No. 11. 4.35c; No. 12, 4.30c; No. 13,' 4i35c :
No. 14. 4.20c; confectioners' A, 4.85c; mould
A, 5.25c; cut loaf, 5.00c; crushed, 6.60c; pow
dered. 5.10c; granulated, 5.00c; cubes, 5.25c
COFFEE — Spot Rio quiet: No. 7 invoice
5 3-lClc; mild quiet; Cordova, 7@llc. - - '
Coffee futures 'closed steady, net unchanged
to 5 points lower. Sales, 7000 bags Including-
September at 3.80c; November at 4.00c; De
cember at 4.25c; January, 4.30c; and June at
4.60c. ¦
DRIED FRUITS,
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market Is
without further change. .Demand Is moderate
but recent advances are firmly maintained
Common are quoted at 4@5%c; prims at 5'"Via
6%c; choice, 6 Vi®6%c, and fancy at 6%c
-PRUNES — Spot prunes are attracting fair
attention and rule firmer at from 3c to 7c for
all trades. .
APRICOTS— Are generally steady. Choice
are quoted at 7%@8%c, and fancy at 10@12%c
PEACHES— Steady with choice at 7@7% c '
and fancy at 8S10%c. ><&<ttc.
Government Fruit Crop Report.
Frcrr. the Crop Bulletin, United States De
partment of Agriculture. Washington, D. C,
week ended July 6:
The outlook for apples appears to be rcrce
wbat mote promising in the Ohio Valley and
portions of the middle Atlantic States, and fair
to good crops are indicated in Michigan, Ten
ntfsee and Iowa. Pogr prospects are reported
frcm Arkansas, Missouri, Illinois and West
Virginia, and in New York the outlook is less
favorable.
New England— Apples dropping, but balance
wilt be of better quality; pears, peaches, plums
and cherries light crop*.
New York — Apples declining; other fruit
light, except crapes, latter good.
New Jersey — Much orchard fruit beaten from
tree*. • -- "
Pennsylvania — Outlook for vine fruits and
berries satisfactory; apple* developing nicely.
Maryland and Delaware — Apples promising.
Virginia — Average crop of apples.
North Carolina — Apples falling, though quite
large, but procpecta still favorable.
Soath Carolina — Peaches and grapes rotting
extensively; melons email and late.
Florida — Citrus trees and pineapples satisfac
tory.
Alabama — Melons backward and peaches rot
ting; grapes ripening.
Mississippi— Fair crop of peaches; apples
rippemng nicely.
A rkiata*— Apples poor; peaches failure.
Tennessee — Good prospects for apples and
Krapee; early apples and tomatoes being mar
keted.
Kentucky — AppJes tn rood condition: un
ueually heavy crop of blackberries im er.lrg.
Missouri— App'.e crop very light. w *
Il!inom— Outlook for apples unfavorable.
l:. ;:ur.a- -.\\ jiies ceased falling and promise
fair yield.
West Virginia— Little fruit.
Ohio— Apples a little more promising; peaches
and pe&rs scarce; blackberries and grapes
prctn:i!!nic. ' *
Mich. Kan — Apples continue fairly promising.
Wit-ennxin— I'roepect for apples and small
fruit (air.
lew*— Apple crop generally doing welL
Oklahoma Territory — Early fruit fair.
Colorado — Fruit doing well.
Washlnrton — Frequent thowers tn western
eecticn cracked cherrice.
Oregon — Prun** end pears excellent: cherries
jjc.V; ajples fair lo good.
LIVERPOOL.
Foreign Futures.
Wheat- July. s cpt . Dec
Opening..., .0 6% « 5% 0 3U
Closing.. « 6% e 3VJ 0 3%
PARIS. ' *
Wheat—. July. Nov.-Feb.
Opening 24 85 22 35
Closing 24 85 22 35
Flour — ' • ¦ - - - - r .
Opening 52 80 , 30 10
Closing 32 80 10
Weather Report.
<!2- th MerKlan— Pacific Time.)
6AN FRANCISCO. Ju)/ IS— 6 p. m.
THE COAST RECORD.
C K 2 O 55 3>
3 3s 33^* p v
STATIONS. 7 $b 2 3 5s ?" " «
?¦-•.-» : ?¦ ? -
B«ker 2».wj 76 64 W Clear .00
r «™»on St. Si 84 .V) W Clear .00
Hureka 52 ... Tr
***•»© .».« 04 «1 W Pt.Cldy .00
Fla»staff 29.WJ fc2 50 BW Pt.<rtdy .00
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
. Stocks — Sales. High. Low. Cloee.
Atchison 18.900 66?* 64% 65
Atchison pfd 1,500 89% S3 &?%
Baltimore & Ohio.. ll.L'O) 84% S3% 83ft
Bait & Ohio pfd 400 92H 91% '92
Canadian Pacific... 4,400 123% 122H 122},
Central of N J 100 163H . 1C1H 161
Chesapeake A Ohio. 2,000 351^ :u% -"34U
Chicago & Alton 4C0 2S>4 244 24%
Chi & Alton pfd.... 300 6«H 06H t>6>4
Chicago Great West 900 17% I7«» 17%
Chi C W B pfd.;» 600 36% 34>4 36%
Chicago A N W. .'. 800 165V* 1B4>J 104
Chi Term & Trans. 300 12>,i 12 12&
Chi TAT pfd 200 21% 20 20
C. C. C & St L 700 77^ 76',, 76%
Colorado Southern.. 400 14% 14>i 14%
Colo South 1st pfd 53
Colo South 2d pfd.. 200 23% 23% 23&
Dela & Hudson... 300 ICSVi ltiS lt»
Dtla, Lack & Wwt 245
Denver & Rio G... 100 26 26. 25>i
Den & Rio G pfd 7SV*
Erie 9,300 3l«4 30% 30%
Krie 1st pfd 2,425 67*4 6C% 66%
Erie 2d pfd., 1.000 54«,i 53 53
Great North pfd ,. 170
Hocking Valley 100' 78- 78 -78
Hocking Valley pfd 600 88 ' N5 85
Illinois Central 1,300 131 130>, 130
Iowa Central 400 22 Vi 22 22
Iowa Central pfd.. 400 39 88 38^
K C Southern 21
K C Southern pfd.. 200 40 . 30 40
Louisville & Nash.. 800 107H 107 10U%
Manhattan L 1.6S0 13314 133 133
Metropolitan St Ry 1,000 120 U 118% 118%
Mtnn & St Louis 77
Mlrsouri Pacific... 11.100 100% 99% 99%
Mis. Kans & Texa* 600 21 • 20% '20%
M. K & T pfd 700 43 42 42
Ntl R R of Mexico 1»%
Ntl R R of Mex pfd 39
New York Central. 10.700 118%. 117% 117%
Norfolk & Western 400 64% C3% e3%
Nor & West pfd 88%
Ontario & Wester* 1.500 • 23T4 23% 23%
Pennsylvania 1 7,200 122 121% 121%
P. C. C & St L...I ..... .... .... «9
Reading 25,900 60% 49% 60%
Reading 1 pfd 81%
Reading 2d pfd 300 69 68% «8
Rock IMand, Co 27,«K) 29% 27% 27%
Rock Island Co pfd COO 67V4 «£% 66%
FtL&SFlMpfd * .... 70
8t L & 6F 2d pfd..' 500 58 55 55>4
St L*>uis 8 W 339?
8t Louis SW pfd.. 100 34% 34% 84
St Paul 10.700 143% 141% 141%
St Paul pfd ." 173
Southern Pacific... 5,600 47% 46% ¦ 46%
Southern Railway.. S00 22% 22% 22Vi
Southern Ry pfd.. 200 86 86 80
Texas & Pacific... 1,400 .27% 26% 2«U
T. Bt Ij & W 4,200 23 19% 22%
T. St L A W pfd.. 5.800 35 32% «4U
Union Pacific. ...i. 8,000 77% 76% 76%
Union Pacific pfd - 8«
Wabash 400 22% 22% 22U
Wabash pfd. .. 1.000 40 38% 39%
Wheeltng A L E. .... .... 19
Wisconsin Central.. 400 19U ls% 18
Wfeconsln Cent pfd 450 39% S3 30%
Exprets Companies— " '
Adams ..... "....'. 221
American ..... 180
United States ..... 103
Wells Farco 1&3
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper ..... 15,720 49% 47% 47%
Am Car A Foundry 300 J5% 35 '35'
Am Car & F pfd 87',
Chicago* Grain Market.
CHICAGO, July 18.— The start In wheat was
Kteady at a small decline on better cables and
small offerings, but lack of the latter brought
on a weak tone and September sold off from the
opening 77c. a loss of %c. to 70 V&C Trade was
quiet and featureless. -. There was a . temporary
reaction on fair buying* orders from St. Louis
which carried September up to 77%c. but it did
not hold. The close was weak at 7<)%c, a loss.
Of H& ; -
"There was fair support In corn early by local
traders, who bought at a. small decline but
the offerings were about equal to the demand
and some of the big commission houses exe
cuted selling orders on every bulge. ' Later sup
port became lacking and with free- liquidation
on favorable crop news the market turned weak
and closed with September. showing a loss of
\lnska Packl49V£150 Oceanic S Co 7 —
Cal Fruit A» 80H — Pao A F A.. 2% —
Cal Wine A8 — 89 % Pac C Borax.160 —
Ger S & L.. — 2273 Sav & L So. 00 100
Hum SAL. — — z. Sec Sa,v Bk.4OO 000
Mut S Bank. 03 — , Union T Co2150 —
S F Sav U..600 .750 . • . - .
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. —' 2C5 (Presidio .... — 43
Geary — 60 |
• . POWDER.
Slant 72U 73U/Vigorit ..... 4U 5*4
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. . 25q 40c Kllauea S C. 5 •
Hawaiian C. 4:Ui 40% Makawell 8. — 2T»
Henokaa SiC HV> — - Onomea 8 C. — 22%
Hutch S PC 14% 15& Paauhau 3 C 13% 17
MISCELLANEOUS.. /"-
SAVINGS BANKS.
Am Natl Bk.123 — Jtxwi P &. A.. 163 —
Anglo-Cal . . 94 — Heron Trust. — 260
Bank of Cal. — 575 Merch Ex .. 65 75
C S D & T..142%160 S F Nationl — —
First Natlonl — —
BANK STOCKS.
- UNITED STATE3 BONDS.
Bld.Ask.l ' bm A k
4s qr coup.. — lll|4 4sqc (new). 133^136 '
4s qr reg 111 Ill«4l8s qr coup.. 107.74 _.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Ala A W 5s. — — Oak T 6s... lrj
Bay CPC 6s. — 105W Do 5s _
C C O&E 5s. — 107*5 Do con Si _
Cal G & E g Oceanic SC5s 73 S-1
• m and ct3s — — Om C R 6s.. 124 125 -
Cal-st. C 5s. — — Pac G. Impls 90
C C Wat 5s. — 105 ?* K Ky 5s"..10«U107i4
Ed L * P 6s 12S — P & C R 6s _***:_'*
F CI R 6S.116H — P & O R 6a. _ _
Geary-st R6s — — Powell-st 6e.ll6?I :
H C&S 5H8.10214 — S E G&R 6s. — 104
C H A 8 6s. 97H 99 SF & SJVSs. 12?
Hon R T 6s. — 108 S R of C 6s.llOUir>l«
L A Elec 5s. — — S P of A 6s nll ~ n
L A Ry 5s.. — 115VS I <19C0) insi;
L A L C 6s.. — — . (1910) ....108U ~- *
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C 6s y
Do gtd 5s.lC6 — niK.-.)Sr A.103H1O4
LAP lem 5«.103ttl04% nO03)3r B. — 103U
Mkt-st C 6s. — — (1006) 107ft
Do lem 6s.ll7% — ' (1012) us it
N R of C 6s. — 109* 8 P C leg5s.l20& —
Do 6s — 120U • Do stmpd. — 110*4
N P C RR5s. .— 108>5 S P B R 6«. — un
N C Ry Be. — 114fe S V Wat 6s. — 107^
N C P C 5«.10O , — Do 4s 2dm-100 —
N S R 5s.. — -' 100 Do 4s 3dm. — OCO
O G L H 5s.H0 — Stkn G&E «s — 10"
Ok WCogt«8 — 10O U O & E 58. — 107
: WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 58 61 JPort Costa.. 64 «flj'
Marin Co ... 60% — Ispring Va!.. 85 861?
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L A. P. *V» 6% Pae E G & R 39 _,
Eqult Gas... 4% — ¦ 8 F O &. E. 67 6S
Mutual E L. — 14 S F Gas ... .1 31;
Pac G Imp.. 62% — Stkn G & E. 5 — -
Pac L Co .. 65 — U O & E ... 34^ —
. TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. 66 — ' / .
INSURANCE.
Flrem"s Fnd. — — / '
SATURDAY. July IS— 12 m
'Stock and Bond Exchange.
WHEAT— The foreign markets continued
featureless. Chicago was lower, with the bears
hammering the market. The Chicago letter, of
Bolton, De Ruyter &. Co. said:
"The market closes about half a cent lower.
There is nothinr new In the situation. The
foreign markets are dull. The estimate of the
trade is getting well established in respect to
the new crop. It will be a very moderate one.
The winter Wheat is of fine quality. It ia
conceded that domestic millers are bare of
stocks. The demand from this quarter Is In
evidence In every market. There Is a good deal
of talk about dullness of export business, but
exporters are not so free to report the volume
of their trade as formerly. In any event clear
ances are about the same as they were last
year. We see nothing in the conditions to make
Wheat sell below a fair price and much that
might make it sell higher."
The market was firm, with shippers paying
higher prices In the country than here.
New Wheat. $1 37%G1 42% tor shipping and
$1 45@1 60 for milling.
. = CASH WHEAT. r /
California Club, $1 40@l 42V4: California
White Australian. $1 50<ffl 52^: Northern
Club, $1 4O®1 42%: Northern Blue Stem.
$1 4S»i<gi 60; Oregon Valley, $1 47^.
FUTURES.
Session 0- to -11:30 a. m."
• Open. High. Lo W . C j oge
December ...$1 30»4 $1 40% $1 3954 $1 40
May— $1 42 bid.
BARLEY — Futures were somewhat higher
and the cash grain' was firm with a number
of sales of Feed at $1 03%.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed, new, $1 Ol',4@l 03%; new shipping and
brewing, $1 12^01 17^4 : old brewing Jf "©
1 20; Chevalier. $1 15@1 30 for fair to choice.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
' Open. High. , Low Close
December ... 039,0 94%c 93%c *93%o
OATS — A fair demand for local consumptive
account keeps the market tolerably cleaned un
and steady at unchanged prices. -
New Red $1 15#1 ?b per ctl.
Old crop— White. $1 17^(g>l 25; Elack $1 10
01 17H; Red. $1 12*4@1 17% for common and
$1 2001 25 for choice; Gray, nominal
CORN^-Quotatlons : are unchanged. 1 Receipts
and offerings, are very light, and. the market
rules firm. • '- . \
California large Yellow. $1 40@i '45 ; . gm all
round do. $1 70311 75; Wh!te.T»l 40©" 45-
Egyptlan. $1 45® 1 50 for White, and $1 400
1'45 for Brown. '. . . **
¦ RYE— Quoted at $1 1031 15 per ctl for old
° r BUckwHEAT— $2®2 50' per ctl. K-^PM
Wheat artd Other Grains.
Continued on Pag»'Forty-Three.
NEW YORK.' July 18. — The statement of
averages *of the clearing-house banks of this
city for the week shows: Loans, $907,015,500;
decrease. $2,513,500; deposits. $895,208,100- In
crease, $3.06i,S00; circulation, $43,008,000; de
crease, $1300: legal tenders, $70,?17,100; In
crease, $1,845,900; specie, $160,863,400; in
crease, $4,l&0.300; reserve, $237,080,500; In
crease, $6,003,200: reserve rtquln.d, $223,802,
025; Increase, $766,200; surplus, $13,278,475-
Increase. $5,270,000; ex-United States deposits
$22,595,675; Increase, $5,268,575.
Associated Banks' Statement.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — $4 sii,
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88*i
Sterling Exchange, cables .... — - 4 S7%
New York Exchange, sight.... — rrjj-i
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 05
Silver, per ounce — 54 u
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 42
Exchange and Bullion.
West Shore Oil Company paid a dividend of
60 1%,"^: a ™? untln «- t» 13000, on the 14th
and Fischer's Theater Company paid a divN
dend of 5c per share, amounting to $2500, on
the 15th.
The California Combined Oil Company has
levied an assessment of 2c, delinquent Au
gust 7." ,
Sales on the California Exchange last wee*
were 17,862 shares, valued at $15,666. the lead-
Ing sale? being as follows: Home 2225 shares-
Junction. 1245: Lion, 500; Oil City. 4500- In
dependence, 1500: Associated Oil Company, 430u
The Alameda Sugar Company has declared a
dividend of 20c. payable July 25
The week closed with a dull and featureless
market.
f EASTERN MARKETS;
LONDON. July 18. — The offerings at the wool
auction sales to-day amounted to 10.500 bales,
chiefly medium and low qualities. Competition
wax keen and prices firm and in several cases
slight advances werd- noted. Several parcels
of crossbreds were taken by American buyers
at higher rates. Next week 36,130 bales will
be offered.
London Wool Sales.
Flour, qr eks.. 4,040jOnlons. sks 1,066
tVheat, ctls 2.650 Wool, bales.... 41
parley, ctls 3.420 Broom Corn, bdls 31
Oats, ctls 3,040 Screenings, sks. 1.155
Corn, ctls 50 Tallow, ctls.... 271
Rye. ctls 1.900 Pelts. No 170
Beans, sks 105 Hides: No 812
Potatoes, eks... 4,242 Leather rolls... 97
Bran, sks IS, Wine, gals 47.45O
Middlings, sks.. 13 Brandy, gala.... 1,600
Hay. tons 642 Sugar, ctls 650
Straw, tons..... 23. Lime, bbls 409
Hops, bales 318'Paper, rms 546
FOR SATURDAY. JULY 18.
Receipts of Produce.
WASHINGTON,
. TACOMA. July 18. — Wheat, unchanged; blue
stem, 62c; club, 78c.
PORTLAND. July 18.— Wheat— Walla Wal
la, 76@78c; bluestero, -80c; valley. .77®78c
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
BAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the' sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock Exch^ang? yesterday:
Morninr Session.
40O Belcher 40f 300 Justice * 14
100 Bullion (K 700 Occldeutal ..? 31
200C New Tork. 13 2C0 Potosl 2|
200 Hale & Nrcrs. 65 300. Savage 13
30O Hale & Nrcrs. 53 3C0 Yellow Jacket 07
200 Imperial 04'
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. July IS— 12 m.~
Bid. Ask. I - Bid. Ask.
Ophir 1 40 1 45 Sierra Nev .. .12 M
Mexican \95 0fi|Utah 33 St
Gould & Cur. r.ti 07 Bullion 03 m
Best & Belch. 1 OO — 1 Exchequer .. — fit
Con C te. Va.l 35 1 4o:seg Belcher... CA 07
Savage ...... 15 16 Overman .... 24 25
Chollar 19 2O'Justice 1.1 15
Potost 22 23 Union ....... 74 73
Hale & Norc 55 5« Alta — Ot.,
Crcwn Point. 10 20! Julia 02 <M,
Yellow Jacket 68 70; Caledonia ...1 25 1 51)
Imperial 04 05 Silver Hill ..'73 7*
Kentuck ttl 04 Challenge ... 45 4I»
Alpha C5 C6 Occidental ..33 .11
Belcher 40 42 Lady Wash.. — OJ
Confidence ..1 15 1 25' Andes 08 <K>
Mining Stocks.
SE S » m c <
Si agg 33 &
j j ff., j : :
Cloverdale .... 57 60 .... dear
C? lus ? M 56 .... Clear
Eureka 52
fiT*.." 94 60 .... Clear NW 10
g"?** " 65 .... near fl*. ..
"° m « ter , 70 61 Lt Fog
Independence .... 64 ..
King City .... 77 50 .... Clear NStrng
LJvermore 75 61 dear
Los Angeles ..76 M Clear W 'io
£ a P* 73 53 .... Clear S ..
Newman 97 55 Clear . .
Palermo 00 65 dear SW Bsk
Red Bluff .... 8S C2 .... dear SE 10
Riverside S7 53 .... Clear
Baeramento ... 74 62 .... Clear S* 16
San Diego ... 70 62 Clear W 6
San Francisco. 5« 60 Pt Cldy W 24
San Jose 72 53 .... Clear
S. L. Oblspo... *$ 50 .... dear fWA 's
Santa Maria .. 70 53 Clear W Lt
, Santa Roea . . 73 51 .... Clear
Stockton 83 6<$ dear
Willows 66 58 Clear S - ..
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Cloverdale— Foggy mornings good weather for
fruit of all kinds.
HoIIIster— Wheat crop light and small acre
age; barley crop large.
Colusa — Crop conditions unchanged. -'
Willows— Weather conditions unchanged.
Llvermore — Weather very favorable' for
grapes.
Palermo— Tuscan clings about ready to har
vest.
Newman — No change In condition.
Hanford — Crops tn excellent condition.
Riverside — Local melon crop is late- ~ ¦-- •
King City — Cool afternoon wind.
Stockton — Grapes are filling out exceptionally
well; very large crop promised.
Santa Maria — Beet sugar factory begun oper
ations with most excellent crop of beets to
harvest.
Santa Rosa — Crop conditions unchanged.
Napa — Foggy mornings: all crops the same.
GEORGE H. WILLSON. Section Director.
jury from hot winds is to be feared. In Lin
coln and «A.dams counties there have been
abundant showers, and the crop will be far bet
ter than there was any prospect of two weeks
or even a week ago. In Douglas County, where
the cutlook for a crop wm almost hopeless
•':. *..-.i .- ago. ample rains have made a great
change, especially In late sown wheat, and
there is a prospect of at least a>atf crop, un-
Vder continuing favorable confiitrons. In Walla
Walla and the southeast counties showers have
Yf—T) beneficial to all spring sown grain and
vegetation generally.
"In Kilckitat County corn and potatoes are
growing finely. Cherries are nearly all gone
in Yaklma County, and apricots are ready to
pick. The cherry crcp east of the mountains
nu large and of excellent quality, as they
were not injured by excessive moisture, as
they were In the couthweet counties. Cucum
bers and rugar beets are doing well In Spokane
County."
it.g it to fill well, mo that the heads will be
plump and heavy, although the stalks are
short, the wheat thin and epotty and very
weedy, as stated in previous report*. Spring
wheat «+i«claily that sown late, has received
the rr.&ft bc.Ajflt from the rains. The pres
ent prof jjt-cts are far better than ten days ago,
being for an average yield of spring wheat In
tpekan* County, and slightly below the aver
age In Whitman County. But the next ten or
iwelvt <ia>£ will be decisive, as the spring
wheat ifc generally heading out. and will eoon
be In the filling stage, wben the greatest In-
weather lias t-etn favorable for all crops, ex
cepting h*y. On account of the ripeness of
clover there hn« been some cutting, whenever
the clouds cleared away for a time, but there
h&* been eo little fair weather that most farm
ers have postponed their ¦ haymaking. , There
•rtill be a large crop If It can be secured. 1 Oats
and *!l vegetables, especially potatoes, are in
h very thrifty condition as a result of the
abundant showers.
•The latt two weeks of cool and ehowery
w< rather have been nne for winter wheat, caus-
•The first part of the week was cool, with
am;.Je ehowere; the latter part was moder
a:eiy warrr.. with considerable ftunshuie. The
The report of G. N. Salisbury. 6ection Di
rector. U. S. Weather Bureau, for the Wash
ington Crop Bulletin, week ended July 15. Is
as follows:
Washington Crop Bulletin.
APPLES — 10c®$l 40 per box: Ctabapples, 40
@.*>0c for small boxes and 75c'4$l 25 for large.
PEARS — Bartletts, 75c(g$l per box for choice
and 40@65c for common; Dearborn Seedlings,
50tft6(ic per box and 50®«Jc per basket.
FIGS— Single-layer. 20@30c per drawer;
•htuble-layer. 3&JT50c per drawer; large boxes
from the river. 60@85c.
PLUMS — 25<ij40c per box. 40®65o per crate
and 20@35c per backet. . • ~
PRUNES— Tragedy. 40@60c per crate and
40<g60c per basket; Simoni/ 6O«t75c per crate.
CHERRIES — Royal Ann*. 75c per box and
8@10c per lb in bulk; Black. per box.
APRICOTS — 40@75c per box or crate; In
bulk. $25<®85 per ton.
PEACHES — 60@65c per box for choice yellow
and 40®«0c for common; baskets from --the
river. 50@85c.
MELONS — Cantaloupes from Coachella. $1 60
©2 23 per crate: from Bakersfleld. $1 5O#2 50;
from Winters. $3; Nutmeg Melons from the
river. $1 50@l 75 per box; Watermelons. $6®
25 De'r 100. i '. '. ' .
GRAPES — 75c@$l per crate for Seedless and
75c(g$l for Black Malvolse; Fontalneblcau. 75c
©SI 25 per crate.
CITRUS FRUITS — Quotations for Oranges
and Lemons are for sound repacked stock only.
Navel Oranges, $1 6002 60 per box; Seedlings.
$1Q>1 25; Valencia?, %\ 75(93; St. Michaels.
$1 &0@2 75. Lemons, 75c@$l for standard,
$1 25@1 75 for choice and $2©2 73 for fancy:
Grape Fruit, $1®1 25: Mexican Limes. $1 50@
5 50* Bananas, $1 50@2 50 per bunch for Cen
tral American and 76cS$l,0O tor Hawaiian;
Pineapples, $2®3 per dozen, p-
Trading in Oranges and Lemons was light
owing to the cool, cloudy weather and pre
vious-prices ruled for all descriptions. Mexi
can Limes were quoted higher, stocks being
considerably reduced.
STRAWBERRIES— $4@7 per chest for Long
worths and $203 50 for the larger varieties.
RASPBERRIES— $4©7 per chest.
LOGANBERRIES— $2 5()@4 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $2 50@4 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 12U@l5c per lb.
CURRANTS— $2 &0®3 60 per chest.
Most descriptions of deciduous fruits were tn
free supply and although there was a steady
demand, both for local and shipping use.
prices of small boxes and crates were gener*
ally easy. Peaches. Pears. Plums and Prunes
in baskets from the river continued In light
receipt and cleaned up promptly but Apples
and Bartlett Pears from that section were In
free supply and easier. Supplies of Plums and
Prunes In small boxes and crates were too
heavy: for the marketvand even the very best
offerings could be bought late in the day at
liberal concessions. Apricots were steady. A
few small lots of poor stock in bulk sold be
low the quotations, but anything good found
ready sale within the quoted range and as
high as $40 was obtained In a small way.
Figs were lower, but cleaned up well at the
easier rates. Choice Peaches in small boxes
were In good demand, 'but as receipts . were
very large, prices Were shaded. Some choice
offerings in 40-lb boxes from Sonoma sold at
$1 per box. Easier prices ruled for Melons
and Grapes. Supplies were plentiful and the
cool weather checked the demand. The ship
ping demand was fair but not enough to re
lieve the market. There were several con
signments of Huckleberries received and prices
declined sharply. Choice offerings of other ber
ries were in demand at slightly firmer rates,
but common stock stood about the same. White
Nectarines were offering at 60c@$l per box or
crate, but were too gre«n to I Invite custom. A
few crates of red came in and sold at $1 per
crate.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
PORTLAND, July 18. — Clearings, $364,774;
balances, $58,504. V
SPOKANE. July 18.— Clearings, $334,136;
balances, $45,630.
SEATTLE. July 18.— Clearings, $880,3SS;
balances, $257,713.
TACOMA. July 18.— Clearings, $320,439;
balances. «00,224.
Northern Business.
, Jwv r the * w «nt>'-four hours ending 5 p. m.
120th meridian tlm*. San Francisco. July 18
Fruit and Weather Bulletin.
Nezu York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. July 18 — Cotton opened steady,
unchanged to an advance of 6 points, closed
eteady.
EGGS— Ranch. 24@28c and 22%®23%c for
mixed colors; store, 16®20c; Eastern. 17@19c:
per dozen.
Dullness still prevails In the Butter trade,
and there are no changes in the condition of
the market. Eggs are doing better and fine
•elected ranch will bring the top quotation.
Stocks have become considerably reduced of
late. Cheese is quiet and featureless. \'
Receipts were 46,100 lbs Butter. 1138 case»
Eggs and 5700 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery, 24%026c: dairy. 22%©
24c ; ; store Butter. 17620c; Eastern, nominal.
CHEESE — New, 12@13c. Young America,'
13@13%c: Eabtern, 15%@16e; Western, 12%@
13c per pound. ..
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
NEW YORK, July 18.— There was llttl* do-
Ing in any of the metal markets to-day and
no change In price. Tin was quiet and steady;
spot *27«?27.15; copper, dull; lake and elec
trolytic, $13 50013 62%; casting, $13 12%@
$13 25.
Lead was Bteady; spot, 4%c.
Spelter, quiet at 6c , _
Iron, dull and more quiet. *
Neiv York Metal Market.
Independence 64
Los Angeles... 29. 94 76 56 W Clear .00
Mt Tamalpais.29.97 69 60 W Clear .00
North Head... 30. C2 58 54 NW Cloudy Tr.
Phoenix 29.70 106 76 NW Clear .(10
Pocatello 29.92 81 64 E Clear .00
Portland 29.94 76 66 W Pt.Cldy .00
Point Reyes... 23. 99 64 47 NW Foggy :0O
Red Bluff 29.60 88 64 SE Clear .00
Roseburg 29.9* 78 50 NW Clear - .00
Hacramento ..29.83 74 52 8 Clear .00
Salt Lake 29.88 88 58 NW Clear .00
San Francisco. 30.00 66 60 W Pt.Cldy .00
Pan L. Oblepo.30.04 06 60 W Clear .00
San Diego 29. 8t 70 62 W Clear .00
Seattle 30.00 72 52 NW Clear .00
Spokane 29.88 82 58 E Cloudy Tr.
Tatoo&h 80.02 50 60 E Cloudy .02
Waula Walla.. 29. 60 88 «4 E Cloudy .00
Wlr.nemucca .29.74 90 62 S Cloudy Tr
Yuma 29.70 104 68 W Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Cloudy or foggy weather prevail along the
coast from San Francisco northward and
cloudy weather over the northern plateau; else
where w«t of the Rocky Mountains It Is fair.
Light showers are reported from the Washing
ton coast and portions of the plateau region.
The pressure has fallen rapidly over South
ern Idaho and slowly in other districts.
, Tl?« temperature has fallen In the Sacramen
to \ alley and Oregon and risen over Utah'and
Southern Idaho. It is below normal through
out California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, July 19:
Northern California— Cloudy or foggy along
the coafct. fair In the Interior Sunday; fresh
westerly wind.
Southern California— Fair Sunday; light west
Nevada— Partly cloudy Sunday. «
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy or foggy
Sunday: fresh west wind
G. H. WILLSON. Local Forecaster.
Temporarily in Charge.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb in 10O-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.73c;
Powdered. 3.60c; Candy Granulated. 6.60cr
Dry Granulated, fine. 6.60c; Dry Granulated,
coarse. 6.50c; Fruit Granulated 5.50c: Beet
Granulated (100-lb bags only). 5.40c; Confec
tioners' A. 6.50c; Magnolia A 5.10c; Extra C
6c; Golden C. 4.90c: "D." 4.80c; barrels. 10c
more; half barrels. 20c more; boxes, 50c more;
60-lb bags. 10c more for all kinds. Tablets —
Half-barrels. 6c; boxes, 6.25c per lb. No or
ders tak^n for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent.
RED AND WHITH LEAD— Red Lead CO
6%c per lb; White Lead. 6©6%c, according to
quantity. . v
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil la bulk.
14c; Pearl Oil In cases, 20%c; Astral, 20%c;
Star. 20%c: Extra Star. 24%c: Elaine. 26%c:
Eocene. 23%c; deodorised Stove Gasoline, tn
bulk. 17c; In cases. 23%c; Benslne. tn bulk.
13c; In cases. 19%c: 8«-degrce Gasoline, tn
bulk. 21c; UT cases 27% c.
TURPENTINE — 70c per gallon In cases and
64a in drums and Iron barrels.
OIL — Linseed. 48c for brlled and 46c for raw
In barrels; canes. 5c more; Castor Oil In cases
No.-1 70c; Bakers' AA. $1 10©l 12; Lucol. 44c for
boiled and 42c for raw In barrels; Lard Oil. ex
tra winter strained, barrels. 90c; cases »5c-
China Nut; 87%@<52c per gallon; pure Neats
fOOt. in barrels, 75c; cases, 80c: Sperm pure,
70c; Whale Oil. natural white, 60®55c per gal
lon; Fish Oil. tn barrels. 45c; cases, 60c; Cocoa,
nut Oil. In barrels. 33c for Ceylon and 63c for
Australian.
COAL — Wellington. $8 per ton; New Welling
ton. $8; Seattle, $6 50; Brjant, $8 60: Roflyn.
$7; Coos Bay, $5 60; Greta, $7; Wall3end.
$7 60; Richmond, $7 60; Cumberland. $13 tn
bulk and $14 25 in sacks: Welsh Anthracite
Egg. $18; Welsh Lump. $U CO; Cannel. $8 50
per ton; Coke, $11 50@13 per ton In bulk and
$15 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions.
$8 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton. according
to brand.
BAGS— Grain Bags. 4.75<g5c: San Quentin.
5.55c; Wool Bags. 32®35c: Fleece Twine. 7%@
8c; Cotton Fruit Bags, 6%c, 6%c and 7%c for
the three grades. — - ••
General Merchandise.
GAME— Rabbits, $1 25@1 73 per dozen;
Hate, $1@1 23; .Wild Doves, $101 25 per dozen.
POULTRY — L,lve Turkeys, - nominal; Geese
per pair. $1@1 50; Goallngs, $1@1 60; Ducks
$3@3 50 per dozen for old and $3 5Of 4 50 for
young; Hens, $4@5; young Roosters, $6@8;
old Roosters, $44J5; Fryers. $3 60@4 50: Broil
ers. $3®3 60 for large and $2©2 50 for small;
Pigeons, $1 50 per doten for old and $1 50 for
squabs. . - -
Poultry closed the week easy. Receipts were
very . light, as usual on Saturday, and there
was not enough business to warrant any change
in the nuotatlons. Two cars of Western stock
were at hand, but were not offered for sale.
They will be marketed to-morrow. There were
no changes In Game. What little cante In
cleaned up quickly. • •
Poultry and Game.
CHICAGO, July 18. — CATTLB — Receipts.
1500 head: steady, .nominal; good to prime
steers, $5 10(86 60: poor to medium, $4^5;
stockers and feeders, $2 60®4 50; cows, $1 50®
4 40- heifers, $2 25@4 75; canners, $1 50@2 80;
bulls, $2 25(?4 35: calves, $3® 6; Texas fed
steers $3 25C4 "•"••
HOGS — Receipts to-day. 7000- head: Monday,
38 000 head- left over, 2000 head; mixed and
butchers', $5 2505 75; good to choice heavy,
$5 25#5 75; rough heavy. $5©5 40; light. $5 33
B5 70.
SHEEP— Receipts, 4000 head; sheep, steady;
lambs, steady: good to choice wethers, $3 75©
4 10: fair to choice mixed. $3®3 75; Western
sheep and yearlings, $2 60®4 25; native lambs,
$3@6 65.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was unchanged; steady; Creameries,
17%©20c; Dairies. 16@18c. Eggs, unchanged;
at mark cases included. 12%®14c. . Cheese,
stronger/ 10@ll%c
55 Pacific Gas Improvement 53 CO
$2000 Hawaiian C & S Co 5 per cent.. 98 00
Street —
15 California-st R R 200 00
25 Hutchlnson S .P Co 15 00
Calif orn ia Stock and 0 il Exchange
Oil Stocks— • Bid. Asked.
Caribou Oil Co 85
Four Oil 71
Hanford Oil 119 OO 125 CO
Home Oil 3 or. 3 10
Imperial Oil 18 00 19 OO
Independence Oil ltt In
junction Oil 21 Zl
Kern Oil 5 OO 5 60
Lion Oil OS ©»
Monte Cristo Oil 05 1 no
Monarch Oil „ 64 5T.
Oil City Petroleum 30 32
Peerless Oil .-... 14 50
Reed Crude Oil oT 40
San Joaquln Oil 5 50 4 75
Sterling Oil 3 00 3 10
Thirty-three Oil 8 OO
Twenty-eight Oil 4 03 4 25
Union Oil M CO
United Petroleum lls m
West Shore Oil o 23
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land & Improvement.. 1 20 1 40
Alameda Sugar 29 00
American BUcult 95 CO ICO CO.
Amer District Telegraph ......
Bav Counties Power ,_-•••••
Cal Central Gas & Electric
CalUornia Cotton Mills 85 00
Callf»rnla Jockey Club 105 00
California. Powder
California Shipping Co 25 CO
Cal Title Ins &. Trust ISO 00 140 CO
Central Bank of Oakland.... 60 CO
Chutes Company * 9C0
City and Cs-unty Bank ....,
Typress Lawn Imp Co....... 6 00 ....;
'Eastern Dynamite .....?
Ewa Sugar Plantation ..... ¦
Gas Consumers' Association 22 50
Honolulu Sugar . . . , 19 00
London & S F Bank (Ltd)
Mercantile Trust
Northern California Power 9 73
Nevada National Bank
North Shore Railroad 10 00
Orpheum Company !."» !W>
Pacific States Tel & Tel 12U 50
Paraffine Paint 33 00
Postal Device dt Imp ,.. .....
San Francisco Drydock. .... . 47 00 j
Sausalito Land & Ferry.... 18 00 .....'
S perry Flour Company 32 00
Standard Electric IS 00
Truckee Electric 13 OO 16 OO
Union Sugar 22 5O
United Gas & Electric 3* 50 .....
Western Fish Co
OFFICIAL SALES.
Morning Session.
• Board—
S3 Peerless , li OO
The repcrt of Edward A. Beals, Section Di
rector, United States Weather Bureau, for the
Oregon Crep Bulletin for the meek ended July
15, is as follows:
•"The weather during the past week was
unfavorable for the growing crops, as well as
for haymaking, except that it was too cool for
corn, and this crop is making slow advance
ment. Haying ie now general, and notwitn
etacdlng considerable clover was daniaged t>>
the rains of the previous week, the hap crop
bids fair to be an average one. Pastures are
good, except in some southern sections, wnere
the ranges are drying up and feed is becom
* Fall °wh4at continues to ripen nicely, and in
some few localities Its harvest has begun. The
crop is lighter than usual In Southern Oregon
and in the Urar.d Ronde Valley; It Is below the
average in th* Columbia RJver counties east
of the Cascade Mountains, but much better
than amicii>aiea & month ago. In the >>«
lamctte Valley it promises to be as good, II
r.ot better, than the average.
Spring wheat continues to Improve, ana u »s
he&dir^ and RliingN^iieely; the straw, as a
rule is rather short, but the heads are ©I
good eiie and th* berry promises to be plump
and of a rood quality. ,
Oats «.re doing splendidly and the crop win
be above the average. Barley has a good color
ar.d the outlook is favorable for average yleias.
Hops, potatoes, onlcr.s. su^ar beets and gar
den* have made good progress during the week,
and but few complaints are made of dun&ge
be*ng done t>y vermin or ether pests.
Fruit continues dqting nicely: prunes and
r.ears are especially promising; apple* are
variable- in some localities the late varieties
ere reported pood and the early varieties poor,
while in other sections good crops are Indi
cated for both early and late varieties. A
few corrpFpondents report only half a crop or
both rarly and late apples, but Judging from
all reports it is believed the crop as a whole
w -ill fall but slightly below the average.
Oregon Crop Bulletin
Local bank clearings during the past week
ehowed a gain of $3,871,891 over the corre
eponCing week of last year, being $30,152,293
a«air.Ft $26,2S0.402 in 19C2.
Bank Clcaripgs.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour barrels 20.155 14.271
Wheat, bushels 67,975 28.785
Corn, bushels 222.S00 459.189
Oats bushels 369,350 267.670
Rt#.' bushels ............ 4,750 ••"'"
Barley, bushels 28.600 740
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered tn San Francisco, leas 60
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE^ — 8teers. 8®9c; Cows and Heifers.
7O8c; thin Cows. 4@5c per lb.
CALVES— 4©6%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP — Wethers, 4c; Ewes, 3%G3%o P*r lb
(gross weight).' -. - . '
LAMBS— Spring. $2 75@3 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs, 6K®<?%c:
under 146 lbs, 5%@6c; Sows, 20 per cent off;
Boars, 60 per cent off. and Stags. 40 per cent
off from above quotations.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:-
BEEF— 0%»7%c for Steers and 5%©6%c per
lb for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 7©8c: small, 0®9%c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 8©ttc; Ewes. SO6%o
per lb. •
LAMB- Spring,' 10@10%c per lb.
PORK— Pressed Hogs, 8%O9%o per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
DRES6ED MEATS.
All descriptions remain as before quoted
with conditions the same as for a week past.
Meat Market.
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour quiet and steady: winter patents,
$,>75<ff3'90; straights $3 4003 70; spring pat
ents $40'* 40: straights. $3 60@3 90; bakers'.
$2 60@3 30; No. 2 spring wheat, red. 75«@
76 t ikc: No 2 cornv 40%c: No. 2 yellow. 50c:
No. 2 oats 35%c: N No. 2 whit*. 41e: No. 3
white 3S%Sf38c; No. 2 rye. 60@53c; good feed
ing barley. 40c; fair to choice malting. 46-B50C;
No 1 (lax seed, 93c: No. 1 Northwestern, 97c;
prime timothy seed, $3 40; mess pork, per
barrel $14 15@14 20; lard, per ICO pounds,
$7 87%;. short ribs sides (loose)..' $7 95; dry
salted shoulders <boxed). 7%®7%c; short clear
sides (boxed). 8%®S%c; clover, contract grade.
$12$12 50. V t
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. $1@1 60 per
sack: crates from Alameda, $1 25SS2; from
Berkeley, $1*»1 25; Asparagus, $1®2 60 per
box; Green Peas, 3@4c per, lb; String Beans,
2(g4c per lb; Wax, 2&lc; Lima Beans, 8c per
lb; Tomatoes. 6O@75c for small boxes and $1 75
62 25 for large boxes from the river: Summer
Squash, 75c@$l per box; Cabbage, 75c®$l per
ctl: Carrots, 75c©$l per sack; Cucumbers. 30^
40c per box ' from Marysvllle and 75c|T$l for
bay; Garlic. 2%@8%c per lb: Dried Peppers.
5o per lb; Green Peppers. $1 25®1 50 per box
for Chile and $1 75*»2 for Bell: Green Okra.
85c©$l 25 per box; Egg Plant, $1 25@1 60 per
box. .
Receipts of new Potatoes . continued " heavy,
and aside from strictly fancy stock the mar
ket, was easy. Dealers reported a better in
quiry for cheap shipping stock, the low prices
having created a . better '¦ demand. Supplies,
however, were too heavy to permit any advance
in prices. Old Burbanks were dull and un
changed. Onions arrived freely, but moved oft
well at steady prices. . . ....
The local demand for choice vegetables was
brisk.' as is usual on Saturday, and good ship
ping stock was wanted for shipment north on
tbe-Puget Sound steamer out to-morrow. To
matoes in large boxes arrived freely, but rip*
stock .was scarce and cleaned up quickly .at
higher rates. Bell peppers were very ¦ scarce
and prices had a sharp advance. ..Chiles were
offering freely, but as !the demand 'was un
unsuallv brisk higher "prices were obtained.
Asparagus and Peas were in limited supply and
met with prompt sale at steady rates. Re
ceipts of Cucumbers and Summer Squash were
excessive and easier prices ruled. Green Okra
and Egg Plant were easy.: Lima Beans were
offering again and found prompt sale.
POTATOES*— New White. 50c©!! 25 per ctt
in sacks^and 75e<ft$l 50 in boxes; Early Rose,
75c(£$l; Garnet Chiles. $1,01 IB: old Burbanks
from Oregon/ $1 20@l 50 per ctl.
ONIONS— 55<g70c per ctl. ' • .
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Xczi' York slocks close the zveek lozver.
Local stocks and bonds very quiet.
Sihrr higher again. Exchange rates unchanged.
Bavk clearings show a good' gain for tte week.
Wheat and Barley futures rather higher.
Oats in fair demand and steady. Corn scarce and firm.
Hay and Feedstuff s as previously quoted.
Not much doing in Beans and Seeds.
Butter and Cheese steady. Eggs-someiuhat higher.
Ken: Dried Reaches and Apples coming in. .
Proz-isions lower and dragging at Chicago.
Hops, Hides and Wool unchanged.
Live and dressed Meats in fair supply and steady.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables continue' to arrive freely.
Poultry cleaned up and nominal. Game featureless.
Deciduous Fruits still in large supply. Citrus Fruits quiet.
Articles — ¦¦ Open. High.' Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
July, otd ..... 76%- 70% 75% 75%
July, new 76 76% 75% .76%
Sept.. old 77% 77% 76% •. 7«W
Sept.. new 77 -77% 76% 76%
Corn No 2 — •
July ........... 49% 49% 48T; 4<Hi
September 50% R0% 49% 49%
December 49% 49% 48% 49
• Oats No. 2 — -. - . . ¦
July 37% 38 37% 37%
September 33% 33% 32% 33
December .."... 33% 33% 33% 33%
Mess Pork, per barrel— . \
July.. * 14 15
September .....14 00 14 60 14 37% 1* 40
Lard, per 100 pounds — "
July 7 07% 7 07% 7 87% 7 87%
September 8 15 8 20 8 05 8 05
October 7 80 7 82% 7 75 7 75
Short Ribs, Per 100 pounds—
July <•• 8 50
September 8 62% 8 57% 8 45 8 50
October 8 10. .. 8 10 . 8 07% 8 07%
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Consols, money .. 92% N Y Central ...121%
Do acct 82% Nor & Western .. 6«%
Anaconda 4M Do prefd 92
Atchison 67% Ontario & West.. 24%
Do prefd 91% Pennsylvania .... 62"4
Balto & Ohio .. 80% Rand Mines .... 10^
I'anadlan Pacific .126% Reading 20
Ches & Ohio 3<Hi Do 1st pfd 42
Chicago G W ... 18Vi Do 2d pfd .". .. 35
Chi M & St P..147»i I Southern Ry ... 23H
DeBeers 20 Do prefd 89
Denver & \i G .. 27*« Southern Pacific . 48%
Do prefd ...... 81% Union Pacific ... 79*«
Erie 32% Do nrefd 89
Do 1st pfd .... 69 US Steel 27%
Do 2d pfd .... 50% Do prefd 79%
Illinois Central ..135 Wabash 2T
Louis & Nash ..111U Do prefd 41
Mo K & T 21%
Bar silver, strong. 25d per ounce. Money,
1%®2 per cent. The rate of discount in the
open market for short bills is 2% per cent
and for three months' bills 2% per cent.
Miscellaneous — Quincy 97
Amer Sugar ....117 Tamarack 90
Do prefd 119 Trtmountatn .... 84
Dominion I & S. 15 Trinity 4 T «
Gen Electric ...168 United States .. 20%
Mass Electric .... 24 Utah 2»Hi
Do prefd 83 Victoria 3%
United Fruit ....lftJ Winona 7%
U S SUel 26% Wolverine 63%
Money — Do prefd 77
Call loans. ...3%@4% Mining— --'
Time loans ..5 @6 Adventure 5
Bonds — Allouez 4T4
Atchison 4s 98% Amalgamated ... 49
Mex Cent 4s ... 72% Blngham 24%
Railroads — Calumet & Hecla.426
Atchison 6« Centennial 16 M,
Do prefd 89% Copper Range ... 49 K
Boston & Albany.247 Dominion Coal .. 97%
Boston & Maine.. 169 Franklin 8
Boston L 140 Isle Royale 6%
N Y N H & H..196 Mohawk 37%
Kitchburg pfd ..135 Did Dominion .... 11%
Union Pacific ... 78 Osceola 60
Mex Cent 21% Parrot 19
Adams Con OslMttle Chief Ofi
Alice 15-Ontario C 50
IJreece \.... 15 Ophlr ......loO
Brunswick Con.... 05 phoenix :... 08
romttock Tunnel.. 07 Potosl 20
Can Cal & Va 1 25 bavage 05
Hfcrn Silver 1 00 sierra Nevada 50
Iron Silver 1 70 Small Hopes 25
Leadvllle Con 02 Standard 2 50
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS,
U S ref 2s reg 106% L & N Unl 4s 99
V S ref 2s coup. 106% Mexican Cent 4a.. 73
tJ S Sa reg 107% Mex Cent 1st Inc. 20%
U S 3s coup 108'/i Minn & St L,4s.. 99%
U S new 4s reg...l34H Mo, K & TeV4s.. 06»/i
U S new 4s coup. 135% Mo. K & T 2ds.. 79
U S old 4s xeg 111 N Y C gen 3%s.. 96%
U i3 old 4e coup.. Ill N J C gen 6s 123%
U S 5s reg 101% Nor Pacific 4s 100%
U S 5a coup 103 Nor Pacific 3s... 71%
Atchissn gen Is.. 011$ Nor & W con 4».. MlVt
AtchlEon adj 4s.. S'J Heading gen 4a... 94%
Bait & Ohio 4s... M% S L & I M con5s.H0%
B & O 3% 92 S L & S F 4s 96%
B & O conv 4s... 100 S L BoweEtn v lsts. 92
Canada So 2ds...lOU S L Sowestn 2ds.. 79
Cent of Ga 5s.... 103 S A & A P 4s 78%
Cent Ga lr,t inc.. 71% So Pacific 4s 85U
Ches & Ohio 4%5.102% So Railway 5s... .112%
Chgo & Alt 3%s.. 74 Tex & Pac lsts..,115
C B & Q new 4s.. 00% Tol, S L & W 4s. 74~
C M & St Pgen4s.lOS Union Pacific 4s.. 100
O & N\V con 78..130U U P conv 4s 94
C, R I & P 4s. ..100 Wabash Ists 114%
CCC & St L gen4s 05 Wabash 2ds 106
Chgo Term 4s.... 78 Wabash deb B.... 65 U
Colo & So 4s 87V; West Shore 4s 107
Den & Rio Gr 4>. 97% W & L E 4s 90
Erie 'prior lien 4s. 9(1 Wis Cent 4e 8T%
Erie general 4s... 82U Con Tobacco 63
F W & D C Ists. 105 Colo Fuel Con 5s. 83
Hocking Val 4%s.lO4% U S Steel 79%
Rock Island 7S&» Pennsylvania .... 35
Manhattan 100%
Total sales 253.400
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. July 18— United . Railroads of
San • Francisco, bond .transactions, 5000. at
$76 87%.
NEW YORK CLOSING BONDS.
Am Linseed Oil ..... 10
Am Linseed Oil pfd ..... "32
Am Locomotive ... 800 20 20 • 19%
Am Locomotive pfd 200 87 87 87
Am Smelt & Ref.. * 500 42% 42»4 42ty
Am Sm & Ref pfd. ..... 91%
Am Sugar Ref 1,000 1171,4 116 115%
Anaconda Mln Co. . 500 88 83 82
Brooklyn Rap Trn. 590 62% 61 H 51^4
Colo Fuel & Iron.. COO 64 53% 63
Col & Hock Coal... * 15*4
Con Ga« 500 188V4 185 185
Gen Electric .. ' 7«X> 108^ Ma>£ 165%
Int Paper 300 13% 13»; 13%
Int Paper pfd /. ..... 67
Int Pump ' 40
Int Pump pfd .... 100 74 . 74 77
National Biscuit .. 200 37% 37% 33
National Lead 200 16 16' 15U
North American . . * 84
Pacific Mall 600 24% 23 23
People's Gas . . 800 9d% 95% 95%
Preyed Steel Car.. 48
Pressed St Car pfd ' ..... 84%
Pullman Pal. Car 202
Republic Steel 400 13% 13 13
Republic Steel pfd. 375 - 72 72 71%
Rubber Goods 20%
Rubber Gocds pfd. '.-.... 74%
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 300 47% 47 47
U S Leather 200 • 8»4 SY* 8
U S Leather pfd... 200 82 81% 81%
U S Rubber :. ..... ..... 12%
U S Rubber prd... 165 48% 48% 48
U S Steei 1.025 26% 26% 26%
US Steel pfd 4,300 77% 77 77
Western Union S3%
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%e under quotations. Heavy salted
Steera. 10%c? medium. 9%c; light. &&c; Cow
Hides. 8\*c for heavy and Bhia for light; Stags.
7c; Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal. 10c: Salted
Calf. lOHc; dry Hide*, ltltfe; dry Kip. 14c;
dry Calf. 19c; Sheepskins. - shearlings. 25{j:i0c
each; short wool. 40063c each; medium. 70©
90c: long wool.- $1®1 60 each; Horse Hides,
salt. $2 75 for large and $2 50 for medium. $2
for small and 50c for Colts: Horse Hides, dry,
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium, $1*1 25
for smalland 50c for Colts. Buck Skins— Dry
Mexican. 82Hc: dry ealted Mexican. 26c: dry
Central American. 3Sc. Goat Skins— Prim*
Angoras, 75c: large and smooth, 50c; medium.
35c; small, 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 5©5%c per lb;
No. 2. 4fc©4%c: grease. 2fc©3ttc *" "'
WOOL^-Fall clin— San Joaquln Lambs'. S©
lie. Quotations for spring clip ars as follows-
Hutaboldt and Mendodno. W@2Oo; Foothill*
defective. 115»l3c: Nevada. 12315c; San Joa
qnln. defective. fltfllc per lb: Southern, «¦«
lie: Valley Oregon, tine, 17919c; do. medium.
16®17e; do, coarse, 15©16c; Lambs', 15c per
pound.
HOPS— 160180 per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
There is nothing new .to report. The mir
ket is quiet all around. .
BEANS— Bayos, $3 «C©3 70; Pea, $3 250
3 50; Butters. $3 25; small White. $3 15@3 30;
large White, $2 00@3 IB: Pink. $2 85@3 10;
Red $2 9003: Lima, $3 4503 60; Red Kidneys,
nominal; Blackeye. $2 6C@3 per ctl; Horse
Beans, $1 25@1 30.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $1 00@2; Canary. 5 He
for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, lV@24c;
Timothy, 6@6yjc; Hemp. 3Vl©3%c perlb; Mil
let. 3@3%e. Broom Corn Seed. $18©20 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Green, $2@2 25 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
'Provisions were Etrong early on the h'og situa
tion and showed a small advance, but offerings
became free- and .that forced pork down 15©
17Uc at $14 37Vi.,lard 7®l0c lower at $8 05
and ribs 7'4e down at $8 60. .
Estimated receipts for Monday — Wheat, 00
cars; corn, 225 cars; oats, 195 carat hogs, 33,000
head. ••"•.'• ¦• .
- The leading futures ranged as follows:
Oats ruled .lower, with free sellinj; by com
mission houses. Wheat influenced the decline,
although the sentiment was bearish on crop
conditions. Trade -was ;. of : small proportions,
with the leading longs on the selling side. Sep
tember closed with a loss of V£c at 32j4@3.1c. I
Corn Meal. $27 60@2S 50; Cracked Corn. $23 00
029 50; .Mixed Feed, $22@23; . Horse Beans.
$30 per ton.
NEW HAT— Wheat. $10012 50; Wheat ' and
Oat. $9 50$ 11; Oat. $8 60®ll 50; Barley. $S 50
@10 50: Clover, $9010; Stock. $7 50@8 50; Al
falfa. $8010 per ton. ~'
¦\6TRAW — 35060c per bale. ' ' ,
Beef, $11 60®12 per bol;., extra Mess. 4128
12 60; Family, $13 SO; crime Mess Pork, il'j,
extra clear, $26; Mess. *20; Dry Salted Pork,
la&c; Pig Pork. $2S; PlgV Feet, $5 25; Smoked
Beef. 16o per 1b.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7%c per 1b (or
compound, end u'ifcflOHc tor pure; half bar
rels. pure. 10®10Jic; 10-lb Uns. louguc; 3-lb
tins. 10%eil%c; S-lb tics. 10*i@li>*c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. »%c; three
half barrels. U%c; one tierce. 8Hc; two tierces.
9J*c; five tierces, Oftc per 1b.
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, JUI^ 19, 1903.
LOCAL MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
Feedstuff s rule firm, with smaller offer Incs
and -not much coming .In. from the" north at
present.' Hay is steady, and unchanged
BRAN— $24@25 per ton. .
MIDDLINGS— $27030 per ton. .
'SHORTS — $24#J25 per ton. v-.-.
FEEDSTUFF8— Rolled Barley: $22©23" per:
ton: Oilcake:* Meal at the,: mill, $26®26 50-
Jobbing, f 27®'27 60; Cocoanut Cake. ' $20©21 :
, Hay and Feedstuff s.
- ., .Horning Session.
Board—
200 Central Light & Power.... 5 CO
100 Hutchlnson S P Co 14 73
lVHutchinson. S P Co 14 50
« jtfaiaweii Cl tO
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
39
AUCTION SALES
THE FINAL SALE
• -OF-
Trott ing Horses
From SANTA RuaA STOCK FARM
(Estate of Henry Pierce, deceasedi.
Wtll Take Place
WEDNESDAY. July 22. 1303.
Commencing at 10:30 a. rn.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANO.E.
240 Third St.. 8. F.
This sale Includes all the mares. eoTts. g»H«
Ings and fillies on the farm. Amorc them ar«
many with reccrds. and seven thre^-year-oldj.
that have trotted quarters better than 35 sec-
onds, sons and dauKhters of Sidney DIUon <s!r«
of Lou Dillon. 2 :03H champion); Direct, 2:05>-i;
Palo AttO. 2:0JS^i: Inlern*. i:24Vi; Altamont.
2:24; Beau B. 2:1S%; L. W. Russell. Almoni-
- tion, 2:24*4. etc.. out of famous broodmares— •
the finest individual* as welt as the ehoicess
bred ever led Into a sa'.es ring. All are thor-
oughly broken, handsome and gentle. Thty
represent the result of many years' study or*
the part of Mr. Pierce, and seekers alter hi«U
ela*s trotters and pacers, splendid broodmart*
with foals by Sidney Dillon at foot, will gtt
what they want at this sale. It wtl> V» th»
last opportunity to get such well-bred horse*
at auction. No reserve or limit: every animal
must be sold. Catalogues issued Tuesday,
July 14. Horses at salesyard July 19.
WM. O. LAYNG. Livestock Auctioneer,
£* £* £*
To be sold at auction, 34 work and business
horses, camp, peddling and express wagon*.
buggies, surreys, carts and harness, at 1140
Folsom St.. TUESDAY. July 21. 11 a. m.
ADVEBTISE2TENTS.
The present unparalleled situation j
offers the' greatest opportunity for j
quickly realizing enormous profits on I
Corn Investments ever known. Those
who take advantage of the present
prices have every chance for a fortune. ]
BUY IT NOW ]
The Corn crops of 1000 and 1901 fell
far short of the demand. A great part
of the crop of 1902 was not up to con-
tract^ grade and could not therefore be
used in making up the great shortage
* of. 1900-01. The demand for [Corn
greatly exceeds the supply, aad
HIGHER PRICES ARE CERTAIN.
Natural conditions warrant much
- higher prices than present quotations,
and a marked advance Is now an as-
sured fact. The big elevator Interests
of Chicago have secured contrcl at the (
small amount of actual Corn In the
market, and are ii) a position to force
prices sky-high. -. This they will do,
we predict. In the very near future.
SEND FOR OUR BOOKLET. 1
It \* the most complete and compre- a
henslve booklet of the kind ever Issued. I
and U filled with new and valuable In- 1
formation which will prove profitable U
to you. It explains our methods and n
tells you everything you would want i
to know before Investing. We will al3o In
- send with the booklet our latest lnfor- U
mation - regarding the- Corn situation, t
showing just why we are pradictUg H
. one of the most sensational advances I
In the history of the Corn Pit. \i
WE ARE CORN SPECIALISTS jj
¦ and devote our entire attention ta that H
commodity, consequently we are better H
fitted tor handling Corn transactions • 1}
-- tbaa any other commission house In f
the country. ||
URGE CAPITAL NOT NECESSARY, jf
Our plan gives small investments the f
protection of large added capital. Wben E
dealing on a two cent margin, the cus- El
tomary one, $25.00 buys 1250 bushels: N
$50.00 buys 250O busheU. $100.00 buys B
5000 bushels, and $500.00 buys 22.000 n
' bushels. Every advance of two eenu r
per bushel doubles your money. . H
¦ Do cot delay, but telegraph us your W
order at once, ami let your remittance - W[
follow by mail. HIGHEST BANKING ft
"AND COMMERCIAL REFERENCE. 11
MERCHANTS' BROKERAGE i
& COMMISSION CO. |
Suite 101, Cay Bulldins; B
ST. LOUIS. MO. ; flTHE SAN FRAKGISQb CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 19, 1903.
40
REAI. ESTATE~CITY--^FOR SAjLg.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO. 638 Market st
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
TUESDAY ....."...... July 28, 1903
At our aalesrocms, 638 Market St.,
¦ at 12 o'clock noon. ¦•
FULTON STREET BUSINESS PROPERTY.
S line of. Fulton st 84 feet W of Buchanan
at, Noa.717.~719. 721. 723, 725, 727. v Improve-
ments ' consist of 2 stores and -4 new flats,
renting for $88 50 per month. Lot 27:6x87:6.
Mortgage of. $6000 can remain. This a most
excellent opportunity for a safe investment
PINE-STREET INVESTMENT.
N line of Pine st- 112:6 feet W/ of Taylor
at. No. 102a Lot 25x75. Improvements con-
sist of an excellent 2-story house/ 10 rooma
and porcelain bath, open modern plumbing.
This property Is bound to double ; Id value
within 5 years. - • ¦ ' •
WESTERN ADDITION BUILDING LOT.
W line of Fillmore st. 40 feet S of Chestnut
st. 2 fine lots 23x80 each. Excellent location
for flats. •• - ¦ • • • , . ¦ v
MISSION FLATS.
W line of San Jose ave. 125 feet north of
Twenty-fourth st. Nos.' 118. 118A-B-C, rent-
Ing for $52 a month. 4 flats lruexcellent con-
dition. Very large lot 37:6x75. $3000 mort-
gage can remain. • ' 1
i MISSION BUILDING LOT.
N line of Day st. 130 feet W of Church at;
fine level lot ready for building, 25x114.
NOE-STREET COTTAG12.
E line of Noe st. 85 feet N of Twentieth at.
No. 657; extra size lot 28:6x105. This piece
of property will be sacrificed.
RICHMOND FLATS.
W line of Wood st. 125 feet S of Point Lo- ;
bos ave., Nos. 135. 135 A. 2 absolutely .new
flats P and 6 rooma and bath. Always rented.
This is a very pretty portion of the Richmond
district; must be seen to.be appreciated.
LEAVENWORTH-8TREET INVESTMENT.
W line of Leavenwofth st. 112 feet N of
Jackson st., large lot 32:6x162:6. including
right of way to alley: running 73:10% W of
Leavenworth st. through to Jackson st. Im-
provements consist of 2 buildings used for
laundry purposes, renting for $31 50 ¦ a month.
POTRERO MANUFACTURING SITE.
E line of Florida st. 125 feet S of Eighteenth
at,; large parcel of ground 108 feet frontage
by 100 feet depth. Old improvements, renting
for $12 75 a month. This is a most desirable
site for manufacturing purposes. •
EURF.KA-STREET BUILDING LOTS.
W line of Eureka st. 248 feet S of Seven-
teenth st Extrfemely large lot 49x120 feet.
Property all aewered and ¦ street work done.
This property could be Improved with flata
which would bring In a handsome revenue.
For further particulars and catalogue see
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 MARKET ST.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & 00^^^^^
Etabllshed 1S75. »
$35,000 — Rare building site on Howard st, 50x
160 feet to Natoma; one of the only
holdings of its kind In the district: pres-
ent improvements pay $1450 a year.
$27,000— Ideal location for an apartment house;
120 foot frontage on Octavia st. corner
of another main street; 3 frontages.
$20,000— Rents $1740 a year; substantial 3-
story building:, in fine condition; mort-
gage '$9000 can remain; on one of the
s best downtown streets; 2 blocks from
Fourth and Market sts.
$15,500 — Rents $1752 a year; 0 modern flats,
5-U rooms and baths; also 6 flats, 3-4
rooms and baths, an another street;- on
Thirteenth st', close to Mission; large
lot. 54x175 feet; this property should .be
Investigated immediately, as it is one of
the biggest paying Investments in the
¦ Mission warm belt. ' •
$13,000 — Biggest snap ever offered; Howard st,
near Sixth; new building, store and 2
bay-window flats above; rents $000 a
year; this locality Is going steadily ahead
and has an assured prospect of an ln-
* crease in value; lot C5xS0 ft.
$11,500 — 3 flats, 0-7 rooms and baths; elegant
marine view; on Jackson Et, close in;
rents $87 50 per month..
$9,750 — Rent $1080 a year; Powell-st. business
corner; store and flats. 6 rooms; 50-foot
frontage; an absolute bargain.
$S,750 — Park Panhandle flats, ti-7 rooms and
baths; new and modern in every respect;
rents $72 50 per month; mortgage $5000
can remain.
$S,250 — Make offer; 3 fine flats. 6-5 rooms and
. baths; all modern: rents $900 a year; on
Pacific at, near Leavenworth.
$S,25O — Fifth-st. Investment; store and flat of
7 rooms above; rent $720 a year; fine
large basement; 2 frontages.
$0,500 — Keautlful residence, 13 rooms, bath,
high finished basement; Mission warm
belt; large lot, G0xll4 feet; to be sold at
a sacrifice, owing to a large mortgage.
$5,500— Big snap; near Pine and Webster Bts.;
3-atory building, which, at a slight ex-
pense, could be turned into 3. elegant
flats ;V also fine cottage 5 rooms adjoin-
ing; present Income $636 a year; large
lot. 50x100 feet;. cement sidewalk; street
bituminized. ....
$4,700 — No reasonable offer will be refused this
week; beautiful 8-room residence on
California st, to be sold at a »acr!flee. •
$4,500 — Octavia st.. close to Hayes; cottage
4 rooms; lot alone worth pric% asked
$4,500— Rents $588 a year: three houses 8
rooms; 40-foot frontage; close to Third
*. A^^ and Folsom «ts.; In flrst-class condition.
$4,0CO— Rents $3fi0 a year; brick and frame
*. bul i dlnKS : Pacific st. close to Kearny.
$4,000 — Modern ¦ cottage . 5 'rooms and bath;
nicely finished; en Baker at., near Sutter:
rent $20 a month: lot 25x100 feet.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.
633 MARKET STREET.
DAVIDSON & LEIGH'. 219 Montgomery st.
Real Estate Agents. Opp. Mills building.
A BEAUTIFUL HOME.
$6,050 — Clay st. near Devisadero; a charm-
ing two-story residence; every room
sunny and In perfect order; S rooms
and bath; basement divided; • banquet
hall in front;' servants' rooms, laun-
dry, etc.. in rear; all the very latest
appliances; beautiful fixtures for gas
• and electricity; heavy brick foundation-
large key lot; space for driveway and
stable if . desired: - this is a genuine
snap; forced, partition sale;' title per-
fect; deed and possession given at once.
WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGE
$7,250 — Buchanan st, near Jackson; beauti-
ful cottage of 7 rooms and bath; large
basement; lot 25xS7:6; swell location;
a bargatn. >
TURK-ST. INVESTMENT.
$42,500 — An elegant new hotel. 38 rooms and
.4 baths; finished basement; all latest
Improvements; every room light and
sunny; built 3 years ago when ma-
terial was cheap; will now be sold for
actual cost; a rare -chance for specu-
lation; situated Turk st, close to Mar-
ket, in retail district. •'
SPECIAL.
MASON-ST. CORNER. DOWN TOWN.
$110,000 — Air offers submitted: positively must
be sold; lot l.'{7: 0x137:6; partly im-
proved; pays 0 per. cent; can be im-
proved to pay 12 per cent; this property
will positively be converted Into cash
, within a few days; no reserve; the best
offer will take it.
Investments, residences and lots In all parts
of the city. Easy terms. Call for lists.
DAVIDSON & LEIGH. 219 Montgomery st.
-Opposite Mills Building.
A. J. RICH & CO.. REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
112 MONTGOMERY ST.
$110,000.
; Ellls-st. corner, not far' from Market St.;
fully Improved with stores and flats; large in-
come.
$32,500.
Broadway: elegant new residence, with all
the .very latest modern Improvements; hard-
wood floors; unobstructed marine view; lot
37:6x137:6.
$24,000. /
Post at., near Jones; suitable for an apart-
ment house; large lot. ¦ "
$15,000. • .
Three modern Improved flats; rents $127 50
per 'month: McAllister st, between Scott and
Devisadero.
$12,500. i
Broadway corner; 30x112:6; house of 9 rooms
and, bath; grand marine view.
: $11,000.
Washington st; new Improved flats; near
Webster et. ; 8 and 10 rooms and bath; latest
modern Improvements: can be. rented for $105.
$11,000.
Plne-st. residence, between Gouch and Oc-
tavia sts.; 10 rooms and bath; lot 28x137:6.
$7000. ...
Vallejo-st. residence; 0 rooms and bath; near
Van Ness ave»; lot 25x137:6. >
$C65O. . •
Two modern improved flats on Cherry at, be-
tween Sacramento and Clay sts.; lot 25x112:6.
$5500. ... v -
Sacramento st.;. three flats; near Central
ave.; lot 27x132:7*4.
• . $4250. < ¦
Cottage house of 0 rooms and bath; 'lot 25x
112:6; Laurel st, near Sacramento st
. A. J. RICH, & CO., ,
¦ ¦ '.:-'¦ , 112 MONTGOMERY ST.
RICHMOND DISTRICT. : - ,- . .
$6,750 — NE. cor. on California at; store below
and 8-room flat above; lot 45x100.:. • '
$20,000^ — Business cor. on Clement; make offer.
$3,200— Cottage on : 4th ave., nr.' Clement st;
5 R.: -brick i foundation; basement; let
.20x120. . ,-. ::-- ¦ . ¦¦¦>
$5,000 — Cottage ¦ being . erected . on > 6th ave.,
¦-.'". nr. Clement: 8 >R,, basement; sunny
slde;> strictly modern.
¦ ; ,We deal exclusively -In Richmond property;
lota, lota and lots of them from $275. We sell
on l any kind of : term*. • ¦ • - ¦ ¦¦> l : .Ci ; .
-¦'.:¦¦ J. ¦ R.' SAUL . & CO. V , 123 Clement st. '.
I HAVE to -offer for 10 days at a great sac-
: rlflce a fine sunny corner, consisting - of store
- and ' 4 • rooms, ".and ; 7 flats and. barn; stone
sidewalks; near 2 lines of . cars; . this prop-
erty has a' grand future; handsome and Im-
posing; built r by days', _, work; ;lot, 55x114;
¦ terms to suit purchaser; nl?o a fine list of
store and residence. property. In all parts of
the city. "Before purchasing It will pay you
to give me a rail. ¦ . -.-• ,, ;¦ .
; GEO. W. ' H. PATTERSON. \
i - .'- ¦, ' . - . ; _ 11 City.; Hall Square. -7
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
CatL comer Market and Third streeta; open
eati! 13 o'clock every night in the yean
BRANCH OFFICES— «2T Montgomery atreet.
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
800 Hayes street; open until 9:80 p. m.
O» McAllister street; open until »:80 p. m.
618 Larkln street: open until 9:80 p. m.
1M1 Mis 1 ion atreet: open'untU 10 p. m.
t261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
¦atll 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; «pen until J p. a
1098 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner cf Twenty-second and Ken-
tacky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 nilmore rtreet: open until 9 p._m j;
REAL. ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
VON RHEIN REAL «g*™CT™*ST •„.
LARGE FULTON-ST. LOT.
$35,000 — Fulton et.. near Gough; «5:9x206:3.
with L 27:«xttS:9 on Orove st; this property
is adapted for a manufacturing site or would
bring large returns if an apartment
house ©r Cats were erected; within four blocka
of the City Hall.
GRAND EUTTER-6T. "LOT.
$30,000—35x120; Sutter, near Larkln. run-
ning through to Fern avenue; splendidly
adapted for either a hotel or an apartment
house, in the best retail buslneea locality of
the Western Addition.
OTARRELL-ET. NEW FLATS.
$17.000— O'Farrell. near Laguna; 3 flata cf
0-9-10 rooms; renting for $133.
APARTMENT HOUSE SITE.
$15,500— Fell, near Fillmore; 100x187:8; snr-
roundir.tr Improvements first class.
BUCHANAN-ST. FLATS.
$12,500—8 new flats of 6-8-7 rooms on Bu-
chanan st, near Fulton; renting for $105 per
Biosth.
ELLIS-ST. FLATS.
$12,600 — 81:3x90; 8 modern, well-constructed
Cats cf 7 rooms and bath each; renting- for
$87 60 9*r month.
MINNA-ST. FLATS.
$5500—25x76; Minna, near 6th: 8 Cats of 6-
6-7 rooma; mortgage of $2000 In Hlbernla Bank
can remain.
CORNER WASHINGTON AND POWELL.
JWCO — 32:6x52; atores and flats renting for
$S0 per month; one of the best investments In
the locality.
WAEHXNGTON-ST. HOME.
$6000—23x137:6; Washington at, near Hyde;
dwelling of 7 rooma and bath.
CORNER BUCHANAN AND LOMBARD.
$2500—30x100; SW. cor. Buchanan and Lom-
bard.
MARINE VIEW LOT.
$5760—84:1x103; west line Devisadero at.
near Green: beautiful marine view and in a
rapidly growing locality.
FILLMORE-ST. LOTS.
$4100 each— 3 lots, each 25x87:6, on Flllmore
ct, near O'FarrelL ¦ . ¦
OCTAVIA-ET. COTTAGE.
$2500 — 31x72; Octavia st., near Union; cot-
tage of 6 rooms; renting for $16.
PROSPECT PLACE INVESTMENT.
$2000— 27:6x5«; 2 flats and basement; renting
for $25 per month; must be sold by order of
court
NELSON. JOHNSON & CO..
205 Montgomery st, Opp. Mills bldg.
SNAP.
BARGAIN.
$10,000 profit guaranteed Trithin 90 daye.
$27,500 — Choice downtown business property:
2S:6 feet frontare oa one etreet and
run&lcg back and having frontage of
C2:6 feet on another street: improve-
ments, 2 stores, rooming-house and 6
flats: taking recent sales of adjoining
property as a basis, this property is
cheap at $37,500.
$8.900 — Rents *s22; never idle; north side
etreet; choice surroundings ; 3 well-tuilt
fats (cost $7000 to build): lot 23x105
feet; main car line street 2 blocks from
Market-
$11,000 — Elegant Buchanan-st. corner; choice
location; suitable for 3 sets of flats.
$9,750 — Rents $lo«>O; 3 new Park Panhandle
Cats; 6. C and 7 rooms; beautiful, up-to-
date; light and runny; lot 25x106; near
Height et. and Masonic ave.
$4,250 — Big sacrifice; north side Bryant st, ,
few feet from 6th; 4 well-built flats;
fine Investment; choice location.
$4,500— Rents $52*; near 22d and Valencia;
choice location; north side; 4 attrac-
tive flats; always rented.
SS.2SQ — Few feet from Van Ness ave.; 2 very
swell modern well-built flats of 5 and 6
rooms; high basement, etc.; lot has 2
frontages; stable on rear st. ; choice in-
vestment; grand location.
$2,250— Harriet-et. lot 25x75; 2-story house
of 6 rooms and cottage of 6 rooms.
$2,750 — Perry et.. 25x80, with 2 good flats.
$3,750 — 3 attractive flats. • 5 rooms: new
plumbing, tar.k toilets, gas. mantels.
etc. ; near 4th «t
$300 cash; swell up-to-date -residence of 5
rooms; handsome surroundings; choice
location; price reduced to force ltmne-
cUate sale; north side 24th tt-, just west
of Castro. . ...
NELSON, JOHNSON & CO..
206 Montgomery *t. Opp. Mills bldg.
CENTER & SPADER.
II Montgomery st. Lick House Block.
$35,000 — Choice corner, 235 ft. frontage: in cen-
ter of factory district; over 200 ft. In
depth: prand opportunity for large man-
ufacturing enterprise.
$3,000 — Rents *73; 3 new flats: near Sixteenth
and Sanchez sts. ; lot 25x123. •
$?5.750 — Jones st. ; 2-story residence of 10
rooms; in first-class condition; lot 30xd6.
$8,000— Snap; 3-*tory brick; under lease to one
tenant; close to Kearny and Commercial.
$6,700 — Rents $660; new up to date flats on
Frederick et.
Ecott et — Choice corner lot. 55x110: unob-
structed marine view; will be sold
cheap.
$5,750 — Rents $60 per month: choice invest-
ment; S. of Market ft., not far from
Seventh; large lot. 60x60.
$3.250— Fillmcre at, near Page; Just right for
3 flats: size, 37x110.
$8,600— Bargain ; new flats on Eighteenth st,
near Noe; rents $52 50; lot 25x100.
$9,500 — Rents $77 50: 3 new modern ' flats:
choice location; large lot, 30x117; . 2
frontages; must be sold.
f 2.500 — Rents $21; Bryant et.. near Nine-
teenth: 2 cood flats, never vacant; etreet
work done; lot 25x100; don't miss it.
$4,500 — Chattanooga st. near Twenty-third; 2
modern flats of 6 and 6 rooms; rents
$38.
$1,450— Choice lot on Filbert at., near Bu-
chanan; 25x111.
$1,000— Snap: lot 25x105. on Church st, only
2 blocks from Guerrero-st cars; street
graded and sewered; terms to suit pur-
chaser. >
$2,000 — Rents $1S per month: 2 fiats on York
et.; rood location; street work done; lot
25x100.
$1,600 — Henry «t. near Noe; choice lot 2Sx
115; street work done; very cheap.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Do You Want to Make Money?
Then Select Lots In Our New Blocka.
Choicest Locations. Lowest Prices, Eaelest
Terms.
$500 to $1000. Sunset District All Graded
and Sewered. $10 Monthly.
Eucset Branch Office on Ninth ave., near H
Street, Open Sundaya and Holidays.
"Oceansifle" Lots. Just Being Graded I
Nothing Like It Ever Offered Here!
Every Lot Has a fiuperb Ocean- and Park
View !
H Street 46th. 47th and 4Sth Avenues,
Fronting Park and Ocean Electric Line.
Only Graded Boulevard Lou Fronting Ocean!
Don't Miss Seeing Them To-Day!
AH Sold on Easy Terms!
Call fcr Diagrams and Prices!
Oceanside Branch Office on Forty-ninth Avenue
and K Street, Open Sundays.
« " *'•:¦•¦ v'i \ I
New Level Lots in Excelsior Homestead.
Only $200 Each, $3 Monthly.
Near Miesion-etreet Electric Car Line.
$1200, $2000 to $3000. 4, 5 and 6-Room Modern 1
Cottages in Sunset, Richmond and Excelalor
Homestead. Easy Terms.
EOL GETZ & SON. Owners and Dealers,
Room 54. Chronicle Building.
JOSEPH STRAUB, 630 Market St
$3000—2 flats. 9 rooms, basement; rear house
4 rooms; basement of 2 rooms; Mason and Fil-
bert £ts.
$2500— 2-story house of 12 rooms; basement
01 5 rooms; pays' 19 per cent
$6500 — 'Jucxl Income property: nice locality;
5 bay-window flats; basement; sun all day
pays over II per cent '
$1KX) — House and lot near-M et and Tenth
ave.; south cf park.
Nice level lots on Eighteenth and Nineteenth
a vps.; easy installment or cash; south of park*
marine view.
$200— Choice level lots, ready to build on;
Excelsior Homestead; Mission; Installment
CHEAP LOTS— EASY PAYMENTS. '
$1100— Lot 25x125; Fair Oaks;- sunny side-
bet. 25th and 26th; $400 cash. beX long time.
HC00 — Lot 23x91;' San Jose- ave.. bet.' I'Uth
and Army etf.
tr>.V» each — 2 lots; Duncan at,
$200 each — 3 lots; Bronte et
$200 each— 2 Iota en Gates st
3. F. PLUMBE. 1402 Valencia at
NEW booses and flats on Second ave. and C
rt. for sale on easy paymenta; one block to
UrA'UiUr cars; prices to suit you; open.
REjTi E STATE-—CrrT---FOR SALE.
C. M. WOOSTER CO.
C. M. WOOSTER CO.
C. M. WOOSTER CO."
643 MARKET ST.' • . '„
$55,000 — Corner Van" Ness aye., near O'Farrell
at; lot 60x109. ' " ' ,-_«a •
$40,000 — Corner Howard at; near Sixth; 60x80.
$30,000—3 new modern flata on Ellia at. near
; Van Ness ave.; rents $2400; lot 30x120
• * to rear street ¦_••"•'
$28,000—12 modern flats on a Golden Gate ave.
corner: rents $2520: lot 46x100. '_. ,"
$19,000 — NW. corner on Ninth st. near. Fol-
som;. 60x100. *-
$18,000 — I new modern flats on Webster st. .
rents $1800; lot 28x100.
$16,500—3 new modern flats; 7. 7 and 8 rooms
and bath; renta $1620; Larkln st. near
! Sacramento. . -
$15,000— Beautiful home. 12 rooms, bath, etc..
on N. side Sacramento st. near Van
Ness ave.: lot 26:4x127:8*4; ° wner
would exchange for a $40,000 Pacific
Heights residence and pay the difference.
$14.000— N. aide Hayea st. near Buchanan;
large residence: 10 rooms, bath and
basement and 2 good flats on rear
atreet; rents $1110; lot 28:9x120.
$12,500— Mortgage $9500; can be made elegant
mansion^ 12 rooms, bath, attic, servant s
rooms; high cement basement: Inlaid
floors; grand reception hall: beautifully
planned; well built; marine view; best
part of Pacific ave.; lot 28:6x127:6.
$10,000— Lot 60x122:6, on Howard at., near
Sixteenth: Improvements, modern house
and cottage of 8-7 rooms and bath.
$10.000— House 10 rooms and bath; modern
plumbing; Pine st. near Jones.
$8.230— Modern 2-story residence. 9 rooms,
bath; high basement; on Larkln at.
near California; could easily be con-
verted Into flata; lot 23x100. .
$8,000—8 flata. near Sixth and Howard eta..
renta low, $912; brick foundation.
$7,250—3 new modern flata. 5. 5 and 8 rooms
and bath: rented low for $«88; near
Fourteenth and Folsoaa ste.: lot Mxllo.
$8.760— Renta $610; 3 modern flata on Oak at
and a good cottage on rear etreet; lot
25x120: near Laguna. -<
$8.500— Handaome modern cottage, T rooms
and bath, on Larkln at, near Washing-
ton; lot 29x100. .
$8,000— Rents $720; can be Increased; 4 hand-
aome bay-window flata; 8-4-5 rooma and
bathr near Sixth and Howard eta.; a
quick turn can be made on this property.
$6.000— Business corner on Maaon at; store
and flats: rents $720: mortgaged $3300;
can be secured.
$4,750—8 flata on Natoma at. near Seventa,
renta $478; lot 25x75i . ¦*
$4,200—2 flata of 5 rooma and bath each and
rear cottage of 3 rooms; well built; of
brick foundation; near Twentieth and
Mission sts.: rents $432; Mot 23x80.
$3.750 — Bents $456; 3 fine flata of 6-5-4 rooma
and bath, brick foundation, on Langton
at, near Folsom; lot 25x80; this proper-
ty Is In flrst-class condition.
$3,600 — Handsome cottage: 8 rooms; porcelain
bath, large basement, laundry, etc.; on
Ashbury Heights.
$3,000— Rents $444; 5 flats, near Fourth and
Bryant sts. ; good condition.
$2,100 — Cottage, 5 rooms, bath, large base-
ment; .good plumbing; Twenty-sixth at,
near Sanchez.
$1.300 — Handsome cottage. 3 rooma. on Twen-
ty-seventh at. near Sanchez; lot 80x114.
$750 — Cottage. 3 rooms, basement and barn;
near Folsom-st. car: lot 25x100.
We advertise an« entirely different list of
properties in the other morning papers.
C. M. WOOSTER CO..
648 MARKET STREET.
SPECK & CO..
667 MARKET ST., OPP. KEARXY.
Real Estate Agents and Rent Collectors.
. Full Charge Taken of Property.
KEARNY AND BUSH STS.
$100,000 — Kearny and Bush ats. business prop-
erty; corner; 57:6x77:6 ft; rents $515
month; old Improvements; last strictly
downtown retail piece.
SUTTER AND JONES STS.
$75,000—68:9x137:6; can be leased with secur-
ity for at least $2000 per month If Im-
LAJlKlV-ST. BUSINESS CORNER?.
$52,000 — Very best corner; 87:6 frontage; fine
building, stores and lodging-house.
BUSINESS CORNER.
$30,000— 5th-«t. corner; 75x90; partly Improved;
rents $270; close In.
NORTHWEST CORNER.
$50,000—137:6x137:6; substantial Improve-
ments; mortgage. $30,000. at 6^4 per
cent can remain; pays 8 per cent net
STOCKTON-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$05,000 — .'19 ft. frontage on Stockton st, near
Sutter: 2 fronts; rents $200.
$25.000 — Grant ave. and Bush st; 2 fronts;
• fine building site; 45:10x126 ft.
' GOLDEN GATB-PARK FLATS.
$18.000— Lot 50x137:6; fine substantial flats,
facing Golden Gate Park; rents' $180;
can be increased.
PROMINENT DEVISADERO-ST. CORNER.
$18.000 — 62:6 ft frontage; stores and flats;
rents $1440 a year: very. low.
TWO BLOCKS FROM MARKET AND 4TH.
$16,500 — Only $75CO cash required; choice
downtown business property: will pay
1 per cent net per month on Investment
VAN NESS AVE. CORNER.
$17,500 — 60 ft. front; fine location; marine
view.
CLOSE TO HOWARD AND FIRST STS.
$11.500 — Flats: Al condition; large lot 60x80;
. $110 a month.
$10,000 — Choice Howard-st. retail business
• '• site: 48:6x80.
$6.900 — Vicinity of Haight st and Central
ave.; 2 new flats; 30x85; $792 a year;
mortgage $5500; only $2400 cash re-
quired. • ¦ •
NEW MISSION FLATS.
$6.000— New Mission flats; lot 25x115; rents
$30 month. •
* INCOME PROPERTY.
$6,500 — 3d and Harrison sts.; lot 41x73; rents
MISSION CORNER RESIDENCE.
$4,500 — 12-room. house; stable: corner: 25x114;
building alone worth more than prop-
• * erty.
14 PER CENT BUY.
$3,300 — 2 Mission flats, 6 and 7 rooms; rents
$38; 26x114.
SPECK A CO.. 667 Market st.
W. J. GUNN,
530 CALIFORNIA STREET,
(Savings Union Building).
Choicest, most - desirable and best located
lots -offered In that flrst-class neighborhood,
where costly residences are going up. W side
of Sixth ave.; N of Lake at: sitely and ele-
vated; looking into the Presidio; 25x120; street
work all done: a few steps from the electric
cars: $1500 each.
$1750— Cheapest lots on north side Union st,
west of Broderick; 23x100; fine marine
- view. . •
$2500— Well located lots on N side of Union
St., near Scott: 25x110.
NORTH OF THE PARK.
Cheap Richmond lots at $900 each, on B.
near 8th ave. ; 25x100; on 7th and 8th aves..
25x120; 3 lines cars; very easy terms; call at
office for particulars.
Tenth ave.. near Clement: 34:2x120; $1530
2 lots. 25x120, only $630 for both; a. fine
buy; close to the park; marine view; Fulton-
st. 'cars pass within a few steps; this Is the
bipeest bargain in Richmond.
W. J. GUNN.
630 California Street
FOR sale by
JULIEN SMITH.
'Real Estate Agent, 420 Montgomery St.
NORTHEAST CORNER,
Nice lot. 11 rooms (6 bedrooms), . basement,
laundry, woodshed; sun every room all day; no
stoves, no doctors; 12 minutes of Kearny at.;
1 block of Hyde and California cars, 3 of Jack-
son. 3 of Polk; price $6150, perhaps less; please
call:
BUSINESS CORNER.
Store and 2 flats; on car line; excellent build-
Ing; basement alone cost $2200; rents $80; price
$8500; you never had a better bargain.
¦HOWARD STREET.
Lot 50x90; N. side: near Seventh; rents
$82 60; price $16,000; 1 block of new postofflce;
reasonable offer entertained.
THE GREATEST REAL. ESTATE OPPOR-
TUNITY OF TO-DAY
IS AT POINT RICHMOND.
THE SANTA FE TRACT IS THE BEST.
LOTS $5 MONTHLY.
McEWEN BROS.. 118 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR\SALE — House of 8 rooms, high base-
ment; sunny side of Nineteenth at between
Valencia and Mission; must sell; no reason-
able offer refused. STEPHENS & CO. 221
Powell st. ' . -
THE BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COM-
PANY. 511-512 Callaghan building, will buy
you a lot and build you a house; small cash
payment: $8 per month pays principal and
interest on each $10C0 of balance due.
$900— COTTAGE with 2 lots; a 'bargain. ~"
$1200— Modern cottage, 4 rooms, bath, etc
$1800 — Choice cottage. 5 rooms and 4 lots
' Fine building lots. $150. $200 and $250 *
THISTLETON. 272 Sadowa st. Ocean View.
6-ROOM house on Twenty-first near CastmT
J. ANDERSON, builder. Castro.
8ANMATEO REAL ESTATE^
SAN MATEa " " ~^ ~""~~~
Best suburban homes near San Fran'cl^*-
no ferry: electric railroad now runnlne- inti
and residences for sale. We can *ell rail* i«».
as low as $50O each. We will be ""d to *hcw
them. We also have some acreage land n»«%.
by as low as $100 to $200 per acre ar
-McAFEE BROTHEM^
1CS Montgomery st, San Francisco, KTsldVnt
Agent; S. O. GOODHUE. Western UnTnn
building. San Mateo. ¦ ° n
ROSS VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
WE have Just the property you want In Rosa
Valley; come, and see us. P. H JORDAN
CO.. 116 Montgomery st UKUAN
REAIi/ ESTATE— CITY— -FOR ' gAjjg;
HOOKER & LENT/"" ~^~^14 POST ST.
$105,000— Near Taylor and* Geary sts. : 14.000
— .7. square feet;- 140 feet street f 0 ?. 1 ** 9 '
one of the best altea 1 In the city to
improve.
$80,000— Large corner., near Market and Sec-
._. °nd sts. ; aultable .for new building.
$50.000— Corner east of Powell; new lm-
•*WSKr 3 gfeSS?bS2J: rent, $580 P«
• month. • .* : -" "-" '
$27,500— Large lot. 60x120; vicinity of. Van
. : Ness ave. and Sutter st ; grand loca-
tion for an apartment house. "
$26.000— Polk at., close to a prominent trans-
fer point; store and flats, new. buua-
$21.000-^B 1 uIli?e l ss 'corner; inside of Flllmore
st; handsome Improvements; stores
$20.000— Corner 'on" Battery st. near water
front; 50x132:6. - . - •
$18,000— Sacramento st . near Polk; 65x118;
rents $120. l
$15,000— Ellis st, northeast ' corner. 87:6*
87:6
$14.500— On Polk-st. cars, near Post: 25x120.
$12.000— Choice Turk-st. store corner; 57:0X
' 87:6. and 17-room house. . ! .
$10.000— Sixth st. near Folsom; 2 stores and
flat; rents '$50. . ,
$9,750— Fine location; \V, blocks north ot
„ ,v Market st. ; rents $75. «; "
$9,000— Store corner, near Market st; new
.building; lot 27:6x106: rents $75.
$8,600— Bargain for a builder: 131x137:6; on
Chestnut at, near Powell.
$8,150 — Bush st, near Polk; 2 houses, 8 and
5 rooms each; rents $55.
$7,250— Northwest corner Fell and Flllmore
sts.; size 31:3x100: grand corner with
fine view of the city.
$6,500—30x110; Pine at, near Deviaadero:
fine house; 11 rooms and bath; rents
$52.
$3.500— New residence: Liberty st: 8 rooms
and bath, with basement.
$2.900— Nice house 6 rooms and bath; Twen-
ty-fourth st.
FLOATS
$20.000— Fine Paclflc-ave.' flats; rents $175;
extra large lot. and elegant new build-
Ing. :
$15,000—8 new handsome flats; McAllister *t,
near Steiner; renta $127 50. '
$20.000— CO- foot lot, east of Oough at; 6 fiats;
rents $155. '
$13,000—6 flats near park; renta $137 60 per
month. • • ...
$10,750—3 fine flats: Washington st; Inside
of Hyde; each 8 rooms and bath; large
key lot: 23 feet front: rent- $95.
$13,000— Three splendid new flats; near
Etetner at : rents $112.
$10,500— Two elegant flats; Geary at., near
Gough ; rents $80. • _ ..
$7.200— Rents $65: Harrison st, near Fourth.
$7,000—2 flats; Sacramento st. near Flll-
more; rents $52 50. ¦
$6,000—4 fine flats on Pierce st. near Green;
rents $56. M ..
$5,000— San Jose ave.. near Twenty-fourth
at; 4 flats; rents $47.
$4,750—2 nice bay-window flats on Twenty-
second st. near Castro: rents $40.
$2.100— Perry st.. near Third; cottage and
lot. 20x80 • „ . .
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post st
"^S^ajTdOJirai STREET.
? FINE NEW FLATS.
Near the park; 4 and 5 rooms; sunny; rent
$38; price $4500.
FINE INVESTMENT PROPERTY.
. Corner lot on Larkln at: new. modern build-
Ing; lejued for 5 years at $500 monthly; tenant
pays all repairs, water, gas, etc; price $6-,&W.
EAST OF VAN NESS AVE.
Cottage 4 rooms, between Leaven-worth and
Jones sts., off Sacramento; size 23:6x97:6 feet:
price $2000. /
AT ENTRANCE TO PARK. '
Fronting into and commanding view of tire
swellest part of the park; the finest building
lots In town; 27:0x110; $5000.
FOR FLATS. /
Lots on McAllister st. near Scott: 27:6x
137:6; only $3260.
CHEAP MARINE VIEW LOTS.
On Point Lobos ave., commanding beautiful
view; .car line passes; gas and water in street;
only $550 each; lots on the avenues $330 to
$400. There is a great future for these lota.
Buy one. ,
LARKIN-ST. 'CORNER. .
Fine building corner, 35 feet frontage; sure
to increase in value; rents now for $122 month-
ly; a fine Investment; price $20,000.
- CLOSE TO PRESIDIO WALL.
Beautiful lot on Sixth ave.; 40x120; $2600.
- . CHEAP CORNER, v •
Sixth ave., close to park; size. 35x93: street
work bitumen on both streets and accepted;
sewer, gas, etc.: reduced to $2300 to make quick
sale. $1500 mortgage can remain. '*.
NEAR PARK.
Two new, modern flats. 6 rooms and bath
each; rented for $56 50 monthly; price $6000.
Send for list of cheap lots in al) parts of the
City. McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery st.
O. D. BALDWIN & SON,
22 Montgomery st
$24.000— Post et. near Hyde; 50 feet frontage;
rents $125.
$CO,000 — Comer on 6th at: 75x125; rents $360
. per month.
$16,500— Corner on Third st. : 40x75; old im-
provements; rents nominal.
$20,000— Corner on Larkln st; 35x70; rents
$125.
$5,000 — Residence of 8 rooms and bath on 17th
at. near Howard: 30x125.
$8,000 — Rents $720 per annum; 3 houses of 7
rooms and bath each: on Mason st,
near Lombard; 45:6x70.-
$16,000 — Elegant residence of 11 rooms, etc.. on
north side of Clay et., near Broderick;
lot 50x127:9; oartlculars and photo-
graph at office.
$75,000— Rent $«000 per annum; new. up. to
date 5-story and basement brick apart,
ment house, containing S3 large rooma
and 25 bathrooms: under. secured lease
. for 10 years to one tenant, who makes
all repair* and pays water: near
- Geary and Hyde sts.; large lot.
$25 000— 50-vara lot on Russian Hill; without
exception the grandest vtew in the
city. ' - >
$13,000— Rents $1260 per annum; new flats on
Buchanan st.
$14,000— Renta $1470 per annum; new flats;
, near the park.
$18,500— Rents $1SUO per annum; 3 swell new
flat? of 7 rooma and bath; on Clay-
ton st.. near the park; lot 33x100. '
$11.000 — Business property on First st., close to
Howard; rent $U3: lot 23:6x137:6.-
MARINE VIEW LOTS. .
EASY TERMS.
$700 to $S50 — Grand unobstructed marine view
lots in block bounded by Lake, West Clay
sts., 25th and 26th aves.; Bakers Beach;
$50 cash, $10 monthly; cheapest and pret-
tiest property In town.
• O4 D. BALDWIN & SON.
22 Montgomery street
MARK LANE. 116 Montgomery st.
$45,000 — Choice corner on Baker st. ; elegant
building; will pay 7 per cent; large lot.
$22,500 — Folsom-st. business corner; (J stores
and 2 flats; rents $170; 50x100.
$22,500 — Choice Hayes-st. business property;
elegant new building; very attractive.
$17,9C0 — Big future; transfer corner; Mission
and 14th sts.; a rare offering.
$17,500—5 flats; 2 frontages: near .Eddy and
Laguna sts.; rents $155.
$12,000 — 1th st.. near Brannan; very fine build-
ing; store and 2 flats.
$9,500—2 modern flats and 7-room house; Dor-
land st, near Guerrero; 60x115. j
$7,500— 3 elegant new flats in Mission, near
24th and Church sts. ; rent $72 50.
$7,000 — Brannan st, nr. Third; 2 flats.
$7,000 — Choice Mlssion-st. lot; frontage 32:10;
near Twenty- second st. transfer corner.
$G,000 — Corner, 100x100; opposite Franklin
Park; on 17th st. . • .
$5,500 — Choice corner; storq and flat and va-
cant lot; rents $540; California st. and
10th ave. > '
$3,750 — Factory building; large lot; near How-
ard and 17th sts.; pays big.
$."5,500 — Two corners; Vallejo st. ; rents $39.
$3,250 — Beautiful 5-room Richmond cottage.
$3,100— Cozy 5-room cottage; Colllngwood st.
bet. 18th and 19th.
$2.800 — Nice 5-room cottage; Alabama & 21st.
$1,800— A snap; 5-room cottage; basement; 2
i rooms; barn; 11th ave., near park.
$1,750 — A cozy cottage of 4 rooms; north of
Market and but 15 minutes from City
Hall: large lot.
MARK LANE, 116 Montgomery at.
B. GETZ. ROOM 22, CHRONICLE BLDO.
OWNER AND DEALER.
Ocean Heights and Ocean Boulevard Lots! 11
Unobstructed View of Ocean. Your Choice
$100 to $250. Splendid Bargains. . $5 monthly
19TH AVENUE BOULEVARD LOTS'! I '
See Them at Once, " Graded, Level to Build cm
High Ground. - Magnificent View
Perfect Bargains. On Easy Installments.
EXCELSIOR HOMESTEAD' LOTS!! t
. -WARM BELT OF THE MISSION
Nothing to Equal Them in Quality or* Price
One block ¦ from . Misslon-^st. jCars. . Perfectly
Corner Lots for Business. 'Opposite New School
$150 UP; $5 MONTH. PERFECT BARGAINS.
$300 to $1200.
Choicest of Sunset and ; Richmond ' Lots ! ! !
$800 to $5000 New Cottages and Houses in
Sunset. Richmond 'and Excelsior- Homestead.
All My Own Property. Sold on Easy Terms.
FOR; sale— As a whole or in subdivisions v 50-
4 vara lot; south line Union st.. 137:6 feet east
: of i Pierce; lot northeast : corner Green and
Pierce . sts. ; 103 :6xl37 :6 . feet. Inquire of
;C. BEMIS. Real Estate Broker
-, 221 • Sansome st. -
$626— LOT 25x114; snap: easy. terms; no inter-
est; warm belt 305 Liberty, near Church.
REAL - ESTATE— -CITY—FOR »ALE.
O. H. UMBfiEN & CO., " '
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
20 MONTGOMERY BT.
$70,000— Choice Inalde business corner on Post
et; aubatantlal and modern improve-
ments, producing an Income of $3720 per
annum, which la low; the lot has three
frontages.
$35,000 — Stockton ct, cloee to Post; good, sub-
stantial Improvement!; 4-story building,
atore and- lodging-house; annual' Income
. $2400; large lot, with two frontages. £
$20,000— Choice northeast corner on California
at. close In; 3-atory building, consisting
of 2 stores and upper; also a 2-story
house; all In good order and renting for
$124 50 per month; large lot, over Hi ft
front
$18,000— Buclneea corner, close to Third and
Folsom sts.; good improvements; in per-
fect condition; store, 4 flata and house
of V rocms; rents $118 50 per month; lot
30 feet front.
$17,500 — Western Addition corner on Buchanan
et; lot 37:6 feet front; Improvements
consist of store and rooms, 2 flata and a
house, producing an Income of $1536 per
annum; a splendid buy.
$16,500 — Golden Gate ave., near Buchanan at;
3 swell, up-to-date flata, round bay-win-
dowa.- with all modern improvements; 7
rooms and bath each. In perfect order
and renting for $112 50 per month; full
depth lot. 27:U feet front
$15,500 — Splendid business corner In the Mis-
sion; handsomely Improved with atore
and 4 flats; very substantially built and
in perfect order; renting for $1230 per
annum; large lot, 35 feet front ,
$15,000 — Third st, close to Foleom; business
holding; steadily rented and producing
an annual Income of (900; lot 25x80.
$7,500 — Fell st, close to Golden Gate Park;
3 fine modern flats of 7-8-8 rooma -and
bath each, in perfect order and steadily
rented for $63 per month; full sized lot
$7,000 — Fulton et, close to Baker; 2 fine mod-
ern flats of 5-6 rooma and bath each; al-
most new; rents $50 per month; aunny
lot.
$6,750— Close to Bush and Steiner ets.; 3 flata
of 0-7 rooma and bath each. In good or-
der and steadily rented for $C9 50 per
month; large, aunny lot, 27 feet front
$5,630 — Close to Mission and Seventh sts.; 2
good flats, in perfect order; 5-8 rooms
and bath each; rents $40 60 per month, 1
which are low; good, aunny lot 23 feet '
front
$5.400— On Clayton at, close to Waller; ele-
gant modern story and a half cottage of
8 rooms; in perfect order and of very
artistic appearance; aunny lot, 25x106;
a rare chance for homeseekers, aa owner
will aell for $1000. balance at 6 per cent;
must be seen to be appreciated.
$5,200 — Business corner, close to Fifth" st;
store and house of 4 rooma and bath;
brick foundation; renting steadily for
$37 50 per month; 2SxS7:U.
$3,500 — Close to Third and Brannan ats.: 4
flats of 4 rooms each; In good order;
steadily rented for $38 per month; lot
23x78; a bargain.
$3.000— The finest building lot in the Mission:
Nineteenth st, between Guerrero and
Dolores; level and ready to build on;
40x100; could be improved with 4 or 6
flats.
For full particulars of the above and for the
Real Estate Record, containing a list of proper-
ties for sale In all parts of the city. Inquire at
our office.
G. H. .UMBSEN & CO..
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers
20 Montgomery St. •
F. B. SURRYHXE,
REAL ESTATE AGENT,
13S MONTGOMERY ST. .
e. — — —
J5S50 — Bargain: reduced from $6500 to make
an Immediate sale; new modern cottage of
ti rooms and bath; lot 25x90;, Guerrero st,
near 19th; large mortgage can remain If de-
sired. '
$3000— Carl st, close to the park; nice new
modern cottage of 4 rooms and bath; also
stable; lot 25x137:6; easy terms can be ar-
ranged if desired.
$18.000— Corner on 6th st, close to Howard;
large lot
SIC mj — Northeast corner A st. and 9th ave. ;
32:6x100; a snap.
$7750 — McAllister st.. near Fillmore; 2 flats, 5
and e rooms and bath each; lot 26x127:6.
$9000— Halght St.. near Webster; 3 flats. 5. 5
1 and 7 rooms and bath each; rents $75; lot 25x
120 to a rear street; this is a bargain.
I $8500 — Corner on Eddy st. : small stores and
1 flats; rents $71: lot 2Sxl00.
$C500 — Close to Laguna and Ellis ets.: 2-story
house. 8 rooms and bath; nice-sized lot
$C500 — Hayes st., close to Fillmore; nice, com-
fortable house, 8 rooms and bath; large lot.
$9750 — Close to California and Hyde sts.; 2
nice flats. 6 rooms and bath each; rents $60;
lot 25x75.
$7750 — Maprn-st corner; 3 flats In front and 2
In rear; rents $66.
$11.000 — California St.. near Polk; 10 rooms
and bath; large lot; suitable for an apart-
ment house.
$14.000 — Broderick st, near Washington; three
handsome new flats, 7 rooms and bath each;
rents $120; larse sunny lot.
$16,000 — Three elegant new flats. 7 rooms and
bath each; renting for $132 50 per month;
on main drive and close to the park; very de-
sirable.
j $5C50— Filbert st. Pacific Heights; 2 new mod-
ern flats, 5 and 6 rooms and bath each;
rents $53. . • - - -
$10.000 — Close to Haight and Webster sts.; 3
modern Cats. 5. 5 and 9 rooms and bath
each; rents $92 50.
$7000^— Oak st. short distance off Market; 2
fiats of 4 and 5 rooms; double cottage on rear
street r total rental, $62 60; bargain.
$4250— Fourth ave.; new modern house, 7
rooms and bath; large lot; extremely easy
terms can be arranged if desired.
$10,500 — Corner on ISth.st., close to Mission;
6 nice flats producing $90 per month; extra
large lot, 60x85. • .
My catalogue for July now- ready,- giving
particulars of property fcr sale* in ail parts or
the city.
CALIFORNIA
TITLE INSURANCE AND TKUST COMPANY,
410 MONTGOMERY ST.
MOVED FROM MILLS BUILDING TO MORE
COMMODIOUS QUARTERS IN
HAYWARD -BUILDING.
THE OWNER OF PROPERTY insures his
house against loss by fire, and a failure to do
so would compromise his wisdom in the eyes
of all prudent business men.
SHOULD THE TITLE to his lot prove worth-
less, after his building was erected and he not
be insured by the California -Title Insurance
and Trust Company he would be exposed to the
loss of both land and buildings, a misfortune
much greater in scope than that arising from
THE ONLY SAN FRANCISCO TITLE IN-
SURANCE COMPANY, having a complete lo-
cality plant or copy of the real estate records,
constructed especially for injuring real estate
titles like modern plapts of New York. Boston,
Chicago and Eastern cities; reasonable rates;
regular trust company business transacted un-
der State charter; all matters controlled and
managed by the following
DIRECTORS AND TRUSTEES:
WILLIAM ALVORD,
President Bank of California.
CHARLES R. BISHOP.
Vice-Presldent Bank of California.
ROBERT BRUCE.
Of Balfour, Guthrle &Co.
HENRY L. DAVIS,
President California Optical Co.
P. N. LILIENTHAL.
Manager Anglo-Callfornian Bank.
WARREN OLNEY.
Olney & Olney, Att'ys and Counselors.
CHARLES PAGE.
Page, McCutehen & Knight Att'ys.
A. T. SPOTTS.
Mgr. Cal. Title Ins. and Trust Co.
JOHN R. SPRING,
Capitalist, 530 California et.
HAWKS & SKELTON,
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken of
Property.
$8500 — Fine bouse of 10 rooms and large base-
ment: Grove, near Flllmore; north side;
good neighborhood. • •
$8000 only for 19 lots on Twelfth ave. and B st.,
* bet. Point Lobos ave. and Park: Twelfth
ave. graded; must be sold as a whole; a
good investment. •
$3C00— Lot on SE. cor. Filbert and Pierce sts.,
36x82:0: neighborhood Improving fast.
$6500— Lot on Jackson *t, near Walnut, 50x100;
will divide; near Presidio; growing neigh-
borhood.
$3200 — Lot on Franklin *t, near Greenwich,
53x100: close . to block just sold at auc-
tion: street sewered; make offer.
$5000 — Lot on SW. cor. Larkln and Lombard
sta.; 25x105; magnificent marine view from
every window.
$5000 — Lot on BE. cor. Larkln and Greenwich
Bts.; 50xC2:6; elegant view of city. Golden
Gate and bay.
$2500 — Lot on north line of Clement st, near
Eighth ave.; 52x100; a fine buy.
$1000 — Lot on east line of Eighth ave.. near B
st ; 25x100; street graded and sewered.
$2500 — Lot on west side of Chenery st., near
Thirtieth; 61x125; on car line; easy terms;
make offer. - • ¦
HAWKS & SKELTON. 323 Montgomery tt.
$250— COTTAGE. 5 rooms and bath; 1245 San-
chez st; balance easy terms.
$1700— Cottage, 4 rooms and bath: corner; 50x
100; Newman and Bennington sts.
$1600- L Cottage, 4 rooms, cor. Prospect and Eu-
genia aves.
$100 — Cottage, ,4 rooms and bath, 124 Nevada
ave: : balance $12 50.
D. COFFIN. 3303 Mission. Open Sunday.
$1800 — PA YM ENT on 2 new fiats on Mission
• at. 'near 30th; will pay 22 per cent; 'rents
$45 per month.
$1500 — Payment on 2 new flats, on Army «t.,
\ - near. Mission; will pay 20 per cent; renta
for $38 per month..-. ,-:"
P., COFFIN. 3303 Mission at Open Sunday.
$7500 — FOR-sale; just "completed; ideal home
on Aehbury Heights; contains • bllllard-room,
reception . ball, parlor, dining-room, kitchen,
4 chambers, 2 attic rooms, etc. ; fine garden,
with stone walks. . etc. 846 ; Clayton st., • 2
blocks south of Halght . ;
WHOLE block of hou?es just started near the
Park on Carl,- Cole.Bhrader & Parnassus ave.;
plans. • terms, prices to suit; apply premises.
- JAMES ROUNTREE A. CO., 137 Carl et
REAI, ESTATE— CITT—FOa 8AU5.
SHALWALD. BTCK^EB o * T C a a. MzRT
ulars at office; one of the best invest-
«°'»vFi ; iS"Lr.rs..f£j
131x100 and 153 feet; only a few blocks
*n v*£5Etk at near Bush: 3-story and base-
•HsSS? h v7ew;
hardwood floors! natural wood finish, five
bidroSmt. electric lighting: lot 3Ox
$13.500^duced et from «W^ ot 8 m^ers > flats;
rents $131 per month; lot Wxl— .0 feet.
— SSsa & sr^wsut
¦ Full Information at office.-
$1 750 each--Brodertck at. near Pest: fine
'building *ta. 23x123 ft each; ready to
build oi>; only 3 lots left
«AiOO--autter «» near Devisadero; eubstan-
UsJ residence ;stable; Urge lot: fi»:3£x
114 ft!ror wlli sell 34:3x114 ft. for $«30a
$13 O00--Bush at. inalde of Hyde; a large, sub-
' atantlal residence of 15 rooma and bath;
S£? U rtatia« for $04 «apn^y: lot 27£x
137 :« ft; mortgage of $S500 at • per
eent can remain; property must be sold
n 000^-Reduced from $8300; Bartlatt at,
* '^M*r 23th; BUbatantial houae of 10
rooma and bath; lot 40x117:0 ft
13 000— Vallejo st.. near Scott; fine bolldln*
•*" lot 27:8x137:8 ". v
$20 000— Broadway, near Gough at; handaome
* residence. 5 bedrooma. bata; beautiful
marine view: bouse m perfect order; lot
82:6x137:8 ft : # "
Get a copy of our printed list of properties
for aale. '-
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE A CO..
Real Estate Agents.
218-220 Montgomery at
REAL ESTATE — Country — For 9nlc.
A 1370- ACRE fruit, grain and atock farm: 22
acrea in full bearing orchard; 60O acres plant.
ed yearly to wheat; could be planted to alfal-
fa- balance wooded pasture land, producing
great quantities of natural grass: 2 goort
houses 2 large barns, granary; blacksmith
shop*. 'tank and smoke houses; horses and
farming tools; river forms boundary; 3 tntles
from school. 8 miles from thrtvlnj railroad
town; price $20,630.
A productive little home of T acrea near San
Leandro: electrlo railroad; 6 acre* In fruit 3
acres In tomatoes; £n* modern Improvement ;
price $4500.
8000 acrea all No 1 atock land, near railroad
In Sonoma County; highly Improved and all
well fenced: wl'.l carry year round 1000 head of
cattle; great bargain; would exchange.
100 acrea all choice vegetable and alfalfa
land 46 miles from San Francisco; good hoase.
2 barns, all complete; price $7300; terms easy.
Beautiful home on San Leanrfro road, near
San Leandro. for aale at a sacrifice.
5420 acres all No. 1 grain and alfalfa land,
near Sacramento River. Yolo County, at $10
per acre; worth $25 per acre.
120 acres full bearing vineyard. Napa Coun-
ty:, fine house and winery complete; aale or
exchange.
Choice hay. grain orchard and atock farms
for rent after September 1. 1903.
CHATFIELD & VINZE3ST.
22S Montgomery st. San Francisco.
FOR SALE BY
DEAN & MITCHELL.
952 Broadway, Oakland.
Only $18 per acre for the finest sheep ranch
In the State: 3600 acres: fenced and
crossfecced: 8-room hard finished house,
barn 100x120; other outbuildings, corrals,
dipping pens; plenty of springs all over.
the land; 200 acres timber; in Yuba Co.;
this will bear the strictest investigation.
$3500 will buy a fine paying roadhouse of IS
rooms, barn and bar. with bar trade of
$15 per day: 1 acre; Junction of 4 roads;
rented for $30 per month.
$1300 — 160 acres. 6- room house, etc.; stock.
2 horses. 1 cow, 15 goats, ducks, chick-
ens, etc.; almost given away for quick
sale.
FOR rent — >4 the crop, one to two thousand
acres grain land In Sacramento County.
Dairy ranch. 140 acres, H bottom land;
cheap cash rent
For sale, cheap, nice cottage In Santa
Crus; school 3 blocks; 2O acres choice table
and wine grape land. $300, ¦ $200 down. Ad-
dress box 15. Gait Cal. .
GREAT bargatn — Highly improved 22-acro
ranch In thermal belt. Santa Crus Moun-
tains; exceDtionallv fine climate, said to b»
auperior to Pasadena: abundance of finest
spring water; 2 miles from R. R. station and
close to school. N-J. Barton, Ben Lomond.Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock randies, orchards,
vineyards: Inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logue aent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 843
Market st
ALFALFA our specialty: best alfalfa land at
low pric^- ditch and arterlaa water. P. H,
JORDAN CO.. 118 Montgomery at
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
$7,500 — 2 NEW colonial houses. C rooma each;
will rent for $30 per month each:
mortgage $5000: will trade equity of,
$2500 for country property.
$7,500 — 3 cottages and store; large, sunny
corner: central; bank mortgage. $2500;
will trade equity for an established
business, city or country.
$40,000 — Brick block, centrally located, right
down town: flrst-class la every respect;
will take country property for half, bal-
ance cash or mortgage.
$3,000 — Income property down town: good
street; trade for Sacramento property.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN.
'!*.:¦'.-¦ 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
$1000— 9-ROOM house: large barn; lot 200x200;
In country town; will trade for any good prop,
erty or business; win assume a small mort-
gage. MORSE A PERRY. 632 Market, r. SL
HAVE 2 homes in Alameda to exchange fnr
homes in the city: cash difference. Pac. Coast
Ex. Bureau. MOSSMAN. 850 Market st.
REAI. ESTATE WANTED.
WANTED — Inside lot. 50x123. or more In depth.
N. of Market st. E. of Stanyan. S. of Union.
N. of Waller: must be cheap. Box 1SS1. Call.
PROPERTY WASTED.
WANTED — Cot tag* with *i acre or more wt th-
in 5 miles of Oakland. Box 31. R. D. No. 1.
Santa Cruz.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ajlameda real estate.
"special bargains in real estate."
BEST EVER OFFERED.
$2350— Aiys beautiful 5- room colonial house;
lot 35x100.
$2500— Buy a fine 5-room cottage; lot . 50x150
(very cheap).
$2S50 — Buys fine 5-room cottage; lot 73x123 (a
bargain). - •
Do yon want a bargain?
Only $3300 — A modern, up-to-date cottage, with
5 rooma and bath; every Improvement;
furnished throughout- with electricity;
basement completed; It corresponds with
house; lot 50x186; corner lot; flower*,
fruit, chicken-houses.
A great bargain and an Ideal home.
INVESTIGATE.
Our $4300 new home with all latest Improve-
ments: 8 rooms and bath: largo lot; near
train and schools; very desirable.
To foreclose estate— Fine modern 10- room
house: corner lot. 240x143; elegantly sit-
uated In the best part of Alameda: enly
$8500.
Fine lots from $1000 to $1500; cottages and
houses for sale at all prices.
Houses built, rented >nd exchanged.
Easy terms. Easy terms.
Make up your mind to buy a home and sav«
rent " •
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANT.
1300 Park st. Alameda.
HEAL ' ESTATE— CITY—FOR 8AUB.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, r. lf V ' '
25 POST STREET.
$30,000— Rents $190' per month; Stockton-et
business property, near Broadway; lot 40
x70; 4-etory building; atore and rooma
above. • ¦ ' -. : • ¦; ,
$17,500— Renta $137 60; ' Leavenworth at, near
Washington: .', lot .27:6x107:6; splendid
building of 3 separate flata; unobstructed
marine view.' .
$6,500— Rents $55 per month; lot 30x60; Stock-
ton, et, near California; 2 buildings. ¦
$3,500— Rents $44 per month; 4 separate flats;
within one-half block of Third st; per-
manent paying Investment.
$6,500— Rents $70; Ritch st. near Third;, lot
40x76;. 2 houses and 4 flats. ' .¦
$5,760— Rents $65; Langton st, • near ; Bryant
and Eighth; lot 60x80; 6 flats in perfect
condition. '
$4,250— Rents $40; Clara at, near/Fourth;
front and rear flats.
$51.000— Rents $320 per month; Mlsslon-et
business and investment corner; 3 front-
ages; investigate this.
$1,700— Building lot, Ritch st, nearBrannan;
lot 25x75.
$2,100 — Sumner st, near Howard and Seventh;
lot 25x58; cottage of 6 rooma; rent $16.
$16,000— Rents $143; Folsom st. near. Sixth; 2
stores, rooms above, and houses on rear
street
$3,500— Rents $42 60; Harrison St., near Sev-
enth; 3 flats and rear house.
$5,600 — Bartlett' st..' near Twenty-fourth; lot
50x117:6 to rear street; residence of 8
rooms and bath. '
$3,7DO — Foleom st, near Twenty-second; splen-
did residence of 9 rooms and bath.
$1,300 — De Haro st. near Twenty-third; lot 25
xlOO; cottage of 4 rooms, hothouse, fruit
trees, etc.; rent $9.
' $2,300 — Merrttt at, near Eighteenth and Mar-
ket; splendid cottage of 5 rooms and
bath and barn for five horaee; rent $16.
$32,500 — Renta $234 per month; pay a over 8 per
cent; 9 flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath
each; Fourteenth at, near Market
$5,150 — Hampshire st., southwest corner of
Nineteenth; lot 28x91; 2 flats of 6 and 6
rooms and bath each; rents $40 per
month.
$3,200 — Rents $30; Castro st, near Twenty-
fifth; 2 flats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath
each. , ' .
$11.000— Noe st, near Market; lot 25x105; new
building of 3 separate flats; ranta $95.
$2,600 — Rents $27; Twenty-sixth at, near San-
chez; 2 flata In perfect condition. :
$23,500 — Valencla-st buslneaa corner; 35x90 to
rear atreet; 2 stores and 8 flats.
PARNASSUS HEIGHTS LOTS.
NEAR AFFILIATED COLLEGES.
OPP. GOLDEN. GATE PARK.
FIFTH. SIXTH AND SEVENTH AVES.
LOTS $1500 AND LESS;
ON REASONABLE TERMS.
These Are Splendid Lots for Home Sites.
Near All the Park Attractions;
Children's Playground, Aviary, Buffalo Paddock
And Recreation Grounds.
A Beautiful Garden at Your Front Door.
Streets Sewered and Bituminized.
Gas, Water Mains and Side Sewers in.
Cement Sidewalks. Lots Ready for Building.
Go Out To-Day and See These Beautiful Lots.
All Park Cars Pass the Property.
Maps and Full Information at Our Office.
Also Agent at Our New Office on the Grounds,
Cor. Seventh <ave. and H st .
Open Every Day, Including Sundays and Holi-
days.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st
MADISON & BURKE.
Real Estate Agents.
Established January, 1858.
30 Montgomery street Opposite Lick House
$16,000 — Broadway house with beautiful ma-
rine view; a 14-room corner tiouse; must
sell.
Fillmore St.. corner of Geary; 185 feet on
Geary and 137:6 feet on Flllmore; the;
largest and finest corner on the market
on any business street; $40,000; call for
particulars.
Jackson st. 50-vara lot, corner of Lycn: an ele-
gant, sightly building location; com-
mands grand, i unobstructed view and
best neighborhood in city; only $30,000. i
$19,500 — Sacramento st; near Powell; fine large
lot, 58 feet frontage, renting for $1200
per annum; fine location for flats or
apartment house; estate; make offer.
$8,000 — To close an estate; Dolores st,' near
Sixteenth; 3 houses; rents $60; large
lot; must sell immediately; call for par-
ticulars. . .
$7,500 — Webster st, near California;, 9-room
house in fine location; ¦
$7,000 — Lyon st, near Hayes; 3 fiats; rents
$87 50; lot 25x112:6.
$6.000 — Folsom st. near First; ; 25x75; this
location is advancing rapidly.
; $9,000 — Hayes-st. Investment, near Buchanan:
2 buildings; rents $t>S 60 per month; 27:8
xl20 to rear street.
. LOTS •
$4,200— Steiner st., near O'Farrell; 25x109:9.
$2,500 — Lots on Larkln, near Broadway; $100
per foot
- - '
Choice residence tots on Sutter. Poet* and
Steiner streets in sizes to suit.
Building lots, northeast corner ' Golden Gate
ave. and Baker st., in sizes • to suit
Prices from $2000 upward.
- MADISON &. BURKE. '
30 Montgomery st, opp. Lick House.
LYON & HOAG. ~
, 116 Montgomery st.
Send for our printed list of property for sale
in all sections of the city.
BIG INTEREST. .
$26,000 — A good buy on Golden Gate ave. : 2
blocks .from Market st; lot 50x67; -good
improvements.
$7,000— Leavenworth et. near Clay; 2 flats of
5 and C rooms and bath each; rent $50;
lot 25x105. ... 3089
$6,700 — Business property on Devisadero at,
near Sutter; lot 25x87:6, with improve-
ments; good location. "2768
$42,500 — Big lot on Geary «t, east of Leaven-
worth; contains oyer 6100 aquare feet;
substantial improvements on part of lot: '
rents $170; could be increased materially
if balance of land was Improved
A NICE HOME.
$4,000— Good bay-window cottage; 6 rooms and
bath; high basement; on Shrader st, nr
Waller; 1 block from the . park- lot
25x110. •
$30.000— Rent $207 60; canjbe raised materially;
McAllister st. not 'far from Van Ness
ave.; splendid Improvements; great biff
lot. more than 150x130.
$4,350— Webster st. near Union; lot 25x100; a
modern bay-window house of 0 rooms
and bath; also basement, containing
laundry.
$12.000— Rent $118; 2 three-story buildings on
.. • Vallejo st.;. good flats; all rented- lot
49xlo7:& '
$5.650 — California «t. near Baker: a 2-story
residence of 8 rooms and bath; lot 25x
127:6.
$8,500 — Grove st; lot 26x120 to rear street:
. Improvements. 2 flats; also 2-story resi-
dence; rent $63.
$9,000 — Third st: 3-story building* containing
store and lodging-house above; in good
condition; rent $50; could be Increased.
$6,150 — Leavenworth-st.- residence; contains 7
rooms, bath, stationary, washtubs, etc. :
best marine view .a the city; lot 27:Cx
110.
LYON & HOAG.
116 Montgomery Street
CHARMING Mill Valley Is growing very fast
New houses are springing up on all sides.
Land values are increasing rapidly. . Lyon &
Hoag have placed a new tract on the market,
right at the station, and are selling lots at
from $8 to *12 per front foot on terms of, 10
\ per cent cash, balance $10 monthly.. Over 80
Mots have been sold recently. Streets are
graded, water mains laid, electric lights,
etc. ; grand old trees. Don't delay, but get
in on the ground, floor. Branch office. Mill
Valley, open ' Sundays. - Send ,' for booklet.
LYON & HOAG, 116 Montgomery, st 'y
$C0 TO $80 a lot; the cheapest property south
of the Park; mostly level: some In cultiva-
tion; fine marine view; near good road; cars
will soon pass; If you want to make money
for yourself or -children, call and see me
about this property;, nothing as good In the
•city at the price. CHARLES W. POPE, 11
. Montgomery st. - •
$8500— Elegant 2-flat house; Turk,' near Pierce.
$5000 — 3-flat house, near. Market ¦' .
$6500— 3-flat house, Webster sty near Waller.
$3800 — 2-flat house. Castro, . near 14th. ¦
$5000 — Residence, 15th st; near Market.
$10.000— 2 - cottages and 2 lots, " Mission st,
near 20ta. . . .. . . .... .-¦ ¦
WM. E. DUBOIS, 2251 Market, bet. 15th & 16th
A BARGAIN. ~- '¦ • '. ¦ ~~T~~"
A lovely home. 7 rooms, bath and basement*
built in 1901 -by a master mechanic and con-
tractor for bis own use; and thoroughly done;
circular windows: Inlaid polished floors; par-
lors, blrdseye maple : .» hall. ' oak ; - others in
harmony: grand view;; private gas,' plant:
very tastefully finished;. must be'seen to'be
appreciated; ¦ investigate; . complete; $b000;
house alone.$4500. MOSSMAN.850 Market.r.5.
$2750— HOUSE, 8 rooms; bath; 2 patent clos-
ets: stable ;. nice garden u bargain.. Box, 1193,
..Call office. .:.">¦ .;.:•¦. ;¦•_.> v ; . \v : - ; I'VV .<..._'
FINE cottage,' 5'rooma and'bath; 'Iof.25xll4.
Owner on -place, 213 Clipper at. ; Mi»lon and
Twenty-fourth cars.THE SAN FRANCISCO. CAIili, SUNDAY, JULY 19, 1903.
41
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
Oakland real estatb.
BARGAIN IN PIEDMONT.
O LOOK! .
Over one acre of land; good elevation; fine
view; well aituated between Oakland and
Piedmont avea.: property Is worth. $2500,
but will be aold for. $1700; see this if you
want a good bargain In Piedmont property ;
all sewered and only short distance from
new cross town road; can be subdivided.
SEE ME FOR BARGAINS.
JAS. S. NAISMITH. 464 TWELFTH ST.
A RARE opportunity for manufacturers sit-
uated near 23d ave.; all the building, realty
and machinery will sell either separately or
as a whole with a good aupply of raw ma-
terial on hand; orders enough ahead to keep
double the number of hands working the
season through; this Is a rare chanca and
can be had at a snap figure all at once.
JEFFRIES & STEWART. 1167 23d ave.,
East Oakland.
Mill Valley Advertisements-
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
TERMS 10 PER CENT CASH,
, BALANCE $10 MONTHLY.
¦ Fine large lots right at the station on graded
streets; beautiful trees, charming news: no
hills to climb; prices very low; only $8 to
$12 a front foot: will double In value; don't
, fall to see them; over 80 lots soTQ recently:
money advanced for building purposes; send
for illustrated booklet; agent on tUo ground
Sundays. LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery.
EMFLOYJ1EXT _
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post at.; teL Bush 135—
Japane-e-Chinese employment office; fur-
nlshes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese,
Chinese- help. 420 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415
Stockton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
l\ce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 81SS.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — FEMALE.
, AN experienced nurae wishes engagements,
i surgical or confinements;- careful, prudent.
economical: reference; reasonable. MRj.
MERRITT, 127 Seventh st. '
YOUNG German woman wishes work by the
day, office cleaning, light house cleaning or
vegetable cleaner In restaurant. Address by
mall. MRS. STAMMEN. r. 31. 204 Third st.
A MIDDLE-AGED German lady would like a
position as working housekeeper. 24 Elliott
Park, bet. O'Farrell and Geary, Stelner and
Pierce sta. .
REFINED North German nurse would like situ-
ation as day nurse for children over 2 years
old; references. Box 1837. Call. .
COMPETENT nurse wishes engagpments, con-
finements or Invalids; cheerful and palnstak-
lng; moderate. MRS. KING. 917 Geary st.
YOUNG woman would like to work out by the
day, washing or housecleanlng. Call or ad-
dress MRS. GOHDB, 912% Vallejo St.. rear.
GERMAN woman, first-class cook, would like
. a situation in a German private house; sleep
at home. Box 18S2. Call.
LADY wishes position as working housekeeper;
thoroughly experienced and can give refer-
ences. MRS. 8.. 883 Bush at.
TRAINED nurse, speaking French and Eng-
lish, will travel with Invalid; terms reason-
able; references exchanged. Box 1870. Call.
A THOROUGH fitter in ladies' tailor and street
suits would like engagements at $1 SO p«r
day. 028 Post et. ; phone Hyde 3452.
EXPERIENCED stenographer desires position;
etate line of work. and salary; permanent.
424 Fost Bt.
DRESSMAKING by the day; quick, and good
fitter and designer; ladles' work only. Box
1S67. Call office.
GENERAL housework; good and quick; 20c an
hour. 124 William st.. bet. Jones & Taylor.
WANTED — A position as housekeeper. Apply
19 Sixth st.
A YOUNG lady wishes position In photograph
gallery. Address V. M., 3845 Seventeenth si.
YOUNG woman wishes a position as house-
keeper. Address box 1893. Call office
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker will go out by the
day. Box 1S70. Call office.
WOMAN would like a situation as a working
housekeeper or to care for invalid lady. 1-0^
- Colllngwood st. -
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Tha
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister St.
EMPLOYMENT AVAKTEP — MALE.
MAN and wife with 14-year-old quiet girl,
want hotel work; man. office and .bar;
woman, chamber work; experienced, bandy;
references. Box 1863, Call. .
A STEADY, reliable and sober young man
wishes position as bartender In city or coun-
try: well experienced and with good refer-
ences. Box 1855. Call.
HONEST foung man wants position In city to
work during day while attending business
college; good references. Address box 1868,
Call office.
GARDENER wishes situation; competent In
all branches: greenhouse, orchard, vegetables
and landscape gardening; references. Box
18S5, Call.
PAINTER — Experienced young man wishea
position as plain painter; understands a little
English. PETER FOSTER. 1103% Folsom.
YOUNG Japanese first-class cook wants situa-
tion; private family; city. GEORGE, 615
O'Farrell st.
COOK, experienced, meat and pastry, sober
and reliable, wanta situation. W. 'A. JONES.
FrulWfc_e P. O. ¦
A GOOD carpenter wanta work, jobbing or
bench: union man; city. Box 1S62. Call.
GERMAN grocery clerk, with city experience,
wishea position. Address H.. 914A Larkln st.
YOUNG man wants employment after 5 p. m.
Box 1874. Call office. ¦
WANTED — Situation by American to drive
light wagon. Box 1800. Call.
YOUNG boy of 16 would like a position driv-
ing for doctor. Address box 1875, Call office.
YOUNG married man with highest references
desires position; thorough knowledge book-
keeping, typewriting. English. German,
French correspondence. Add. box 1845. Call.
PAINTING, pap«rhanging. tinting and plas-
tering at the lowest prices and best work.
WM. HAPP. 1.H4 Fulton St.; tel. Page 1421.
FIRST-CLASS butcher and packing-house man,
25 years' experience, at present employed,
desires chance: anywhere on coast; Al ref-
erences. Box 1196. Call.
BOOKKEEPER and clerk wants position; ex-
pert accountant; excellent references; late
with U. S. Government in Manila. P. I. Ad-
dress box 1820. Call office. •
BOY of 16 from' country wanta to work for
board and attend Lick Polytechnic School.
Address MRS. M. W. ELMORE, Sebastopol,
Cal. ' •
A GENERAL blacksmith and shoer wishes a
situation; state wages. Address F. A. MU8-
SET. Elmhurst. Alameda County. •
GENTLEMAN wishes position as bookkeeper
or correspondent; Spanish, German and
French. Box 1846, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man wishes position at light
work: can care for horses," milk a cow or do
other work about a place. Box 1847. Call.
ENGINEER, stationary or logging engine; oil
burner; do all practical repairs; out of town
preferred. Box 1853. Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
LOST AND FOUND.
$20 REWARD — Lost Friday, July 10. fox ter-
rler (female), white body and black head
and ears, with streak of white In center of
head. Return to 1302 California st. and re-
ceive above reward^ _^
LOST — School bonds of Laurel district, Ala-
meda County, for $1600; somewhere between
. Sausallto and broad-gauge boats; $20 reward
".for return to J. R. CRAIG. Haywarda.
LOST — Saturday noon, lady's gold watch, from
Sixth to Kearny sts.; reward $10. Return
to 103 Sixth st. ; ;
LOST — Black beaded chatelaine, containing a
two-opal ring and small change, near Polk
and Sutter sts. ¦ Return and receive reward,
740 Markat at.
LOST A paasbook with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in tha
name of JANE BERNARD, No. 127-200. The
finder will please return to. bank.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
¦nd Loan Society of San Francisco. In tha
name of MRS. MARY SULLIVAN; No. 170-
- 13891 .. The finder will please return to bank. ¦
LOST— On Saturday, July 11, a bunch of. about
20 keys. Please return to MISS S. CUL-
LEN, . room 79, Chronicle bldg; reward $5. -
IT will pay to "Remember*! that tha California
-Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter at., needs old
fold and silver to make new wa^ch cases.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
OAKLAJfP RSAX. BSTATB.
•HOLCOMB. BREED _ BANCROFT. Inc., )
1060 BROADWAY. OAKLAND. CAL.
$375— Sightly lots. 40x120; located in fine
neighborhood and surroundings; street
work complete; close to schools, ears,
etc.; price cut for quick sale; one-half
cash, balance easy payments.
L. T.
$500 cash, balance $30 per month. Includes
interest and principal; new 6-room house,
Just finished; every modern Idea' for com-
fort and convenience; latest plumbing and
lighting throughout: elegant surround-
ings and location; close to Telegraph ave.:
price very low.
$2350— Neat home of 6 rooms, bath, etc.; street
work complete; 100 feat from San Pablo
ave. and easy walk to Fourteenth and
Broadway; see It; 10 Mead ave.; terms
to suit.
0547— C
ONE OF OUR LEADERS.
ON THH HEIGHTS OF EAST OAKLAND '
AT A SACRIFICE- PRICE- fcj
FOR TEN DAYS ONLY. }t\ "
LOT 50x100.
HOUSE OF 8 ROOMS AND BATH.
ORIGINAL COST $5800.
FOR TEN DAYS ONLY. $3250.
$1900 CAN STAND AS A PERMANENT
CASH FOR THE EQUITY.
COME EARLY AgP TAKg^ApVANTAOE
WATCH THIS COLUMN FOR WEEKLY
BARGAINS.
y ______
INVESTMENTS.
Thee fiats; Income $33 per month; price
$3000.
Two fiats; Income $42 per month; price
* 150 ' —0542—
Two flats; Income $37 B0 per month; price
$4000. ¦
Two flats; Income $40 per month; price
$4000.
0548
Four flats; Income $87 50 per month; price
__«347—
HOLCOMB BREED & BANCROFT, Ino.,
1060 Broadway.
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO..
Real Estate Agents and Dealers.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
WHY PAY RENT
When a small cash payment and the balance
like rent will give you a coay little home?
$1300 — Neat little cottage, 3 rooms, bath and
large basement; In Piedmont hills; close
to car_ line and school.
$1900 — I 1 " -story colonial home, 5 rooms and
bath; 1 block from cars and school; fruit
and berries; owner going away; a snap.
$2350 each — Two new* and modern cottages, 5
rooms and bath; near Lorin; close to car
line.
$2500 — Splendid 5-room cottage; modern; street
work all .lone; lot 30x110; In very dcslra-
. ble locality.
$2500— 6-rocm cottage; handy to local trains;
5 minutes' valk to Broadway; must be
seen to be appreciated.
$2600 — Fine C-room cottage; close to Hall of
Records and Courthouse; in excellent
condition; fine neighborhood.
$2750 — Fine new and modern cottage;. spleudld
¦ neighborhood; 5 rooms and hath; gas and
electricity; beautiful Irescoed cetllr.ga;
close to cars; a snap.
$4000 — Fine large cottage. 9 rooms and bath;
all modern: was built by contractor for a
home; ra better built place in the city;
desirable location; forced sale.
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,
1172 Broadway, cor. 14th at.,
Oakland.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN.
1002 BROADWAY, OAKLAND.
$1SOO — Cozy cottage of 5- rooms and bath; cor-
ner; close to San Pablo ave.; big bargain;
roust be sold: owner away; tine location
for etore or fiats. *
$30CO — Nearly new, modern colonial cottage of
G rooms, high basement, brick foundation,
porcelain bath, sanitary plumbing, all In
fine condition; lot 50x140 (note the size);
street work all done; stone sidewalks laid;
open lawn; choice residence location, near
Grove St.: fine barn; gravel driveway,
garden and a few fruit trees; must be
sold: owner away; cannot ba duplicated
at the price; must be seen to be appre-
ciated; terms cf payment if desired.
$2S0O— New, colonial, 2-story, thoroughly mod-
ern home of 7 rooms; late style plumbing;
open lawn; street work all ¦ dona; stone
sidewalks laid; owner going away; a big
sacrifice; mortgage can remain; small
cash payment; right on Grove St.; must
be seen to be appreciated.
2222 Market St., near Thirty-fourth; Colonial,
new, modern C-room dwelling, porcelain
bath. 2 toilets; lot 30x100; open lawn; ex-
tra fine hardwood fixtures and mantel; on«
block from San Pablo ave.; very desirable
in every respect; nice location; open to-
day for Inspection.
$6250 — Elegant, nearly new, modern dwelling
of 9 room*; lot 45x100; west side of Web-
eter St.. best location; right down town.
$100 to $.100 down — 2-story, comfortable house
of 6 rooms, bath, gas and modern conven-
iences; newly jjalnted and pnpered; lot 50
xl.'O (note the si*e): barn and well; cn.i
block from Telegraph ave.; easy monthly
payments; liberal discount will be allowe<]
for all cash over present mortgage of
$1000.
$100 down— In Piedmont; monthly payments-
cottuge of 0 room*, all in nice condition'
close to cars; street work all done.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN.
1002 BROADWAY, OAKLAND.
$SO00 — A FIRST-CLASS lodging or apartment
hotel, (50 rooms; fine corner; central; doing
a paying business from $300 to $600 net per
month; any parties meaning business we
wll! show the property; If not as represented
pay any expenses Incurred; must be sold on
account of ill-health of owner.
THE ALDEN CO ,
1118 Broadway, Oakland.
¦'¦¦ . ¦ .V-;- .¦;•..
$2."M) CABH AND $10 MONTHLY ~~~
Fortl acre or 16 lots, sandy loam soil, cov-
ered with fruit trees; 2 fine springs on the
land; 2 blocks to electric road and across the
street from a nice public school; away from
fogs and harsh; winds; -near a 90-foot boule-
vard; an Ideal location for a home; a few
more acres may be had adjoining; some nice
hom»s surrounding; price In all $500.
$275 cash. $8 50 monthly— New cottage, 4
rooms, bath, pantry, closets, etc.; modern;
soil and location unmirpassed ; adjoining East
Oakland; lot 35x138; more land ran be had-
prlce In all, $1230. Call or send for circu-
lar, 455 7th St., opp. Broadway station. Oak-
la nd^^Carriagefree^II^Z^JONES, owner.
WM P. TODD. 1070 BROADWAY.
REAL ESTATE. »
$4500— A fine 2-story house of 8 rooms and
bath; corner lot; sunny all day; 3 bay-
windows; basement lathed and plastered:
3 blocks to Adeline station and one
block to 2 electric cars; would trade for
smaller house In same location.
$2500— Nice 6-room cottage on Union st: lot
25x115: near ¦ local train; in good condi-
tion. • ¦;*
\f'r: WM.; P. TODD. 1070 Broadway.
Oakland. Cal. John 971.
$2750— TWO modern flats. In first-class condi-
tion; rents $30 per. month; a big bargain for
some one;. $1250 cash. Address Owner, box
3'jOtt, Call office, Oakland. .
1H78ICA1» CfSTRUMIgrrS-— C»n. .
A FEW good upright pianos from $70, compris-
ing Vose, Sterling. Jacebson. Schwechten.
Sherwood. Weser. Marshall * Wendell.
Hainea. Everett and others: easy payments.
BENJ. CUBTAZ A SON. 18-20 CFaxrell st.
No branches la San Francisco.
THIS week we give BIO BARGAINS Instead
cf bl- "ads." Our prices are all right and
our terms easy. THE ZENO MAUVAI3
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
KOHLER & CHASE. 8O OTarreU St.; largest
and oldest piano house.
THREE master violins and fine-toned guitar
cheap. 156 Golden Gate ave., room 17.
MAGNIFICENT Knabe, 8-pedal upright piano
at great loss; leaving city. 020 O'Farrell st.
BEST renting piano In city for $3 per month.
BCOTT-CUBTAZ PIANO CO.. 660 Hayes •*.
BARGAIN; good upright; must be sold at
once. SCHMITZ A CO.. 16 McAllister at.
SOHMER, Byron Mauxy planes. Cecillan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post a_
SUPERIOR violins, itthera. old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for B cents— The Weekly Call.,
lft pages. In wrapper, for mulling. $1 per year.
PERSONALS.
A GRAPHOPHONE free with two dozen rec-
ords. Make your friends a present. Talking
machines and records of all makas ex-
changed. We are manufacturing headquar-
ters and our guarantee means something.
* COLUMBIA PHONOGRAPH CO.. 123 Geary
St., 3. F.. and 468 Thirteenth St.. Oakland.
A— FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED.
Wrinkles, yellow and Cabby akin, birthmarks,
smallpox pitting* and scare acientlficatty re-
moved without cutting, massage, electricity or
medicine; special demonstrations this week.
Call or write DR. L. WILUUI3. 371 Geary.
MORPHINE, opium aad laudanum habits cured
at home by a painless home treatment; in-
dorsed and used by leading physicians; corre-
. epondence strictly confidential; in plain, sealed
envelope; call or write to-day. India Drug
Cure, 201 Turk st.; Bruce D. Klmmis. Mgr.
PROF. J. R. ROMAN cures whisky and beer
habits without the patients' knowledge: also
furnishes formulas for professional people
for rhenmatta— i asthma, pleurisy, dropsy,
catarrh and BOO others. Address boas 1SS6.
Call office. ?
WANTED— 999 men with scalp diseases; loss
of hair and baldness prevented (can treat by
mall blank for stamp); consultation free;
8:30 to* 9. Sundays 10 to 12. Prof. GEO. A.
OARLOW, Specialist, room 218, 997 Market.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth; stops falling. cures dandruff
and itching 1 aca)p; no stain or attckinesa:
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers* ;aa-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co..383Qeary.
H0W7S this? I positively guarantee to cure
all eases of piles and kindred diseases with-
out the use ot drugs or knife. Others have
benefited by this offer, why not you? For pre-
acrtptlon aend 25c to box 11. Allentown. Pa.
"THE Hair Doctor*a Remedy" (preparation's
name) prevents, corrects old appearance; no
poison; use myself IS years: descriptive cir-
cular for stamp. DR. KUESTER, 1152
Franklin St., Oakland; established 1868.
WRINKLES REMOVED '.
...FIND COMPLEXION GUARANTEED...
N«w mathod; 50c. MMB. M. LUTON Mani-
curlng Parlors. 764 Larkin st. ; phone Polk 17.
NOT how cheap, but how good, is tha motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the aawing-machine of. to-day. J.
W. EVAN9. agent. 1021 Market at.
PHT8ICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant aTe..
corner Sutter st.; fee moderate.
RAO carpets wove to order and for tale; also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Oeo. Matthews. 700 Fifth St.. Oakland.
LADIES — If in need write m« for remedy.
which I have used and found eafa. sure and
reliable. MRS. B. GREEN. 130 Dearborn
sq, Chicago.
Atrophy, varlcocele and all weaknesses In
either sex easily cured without drugs or sur-
gery ;lnfornuitlonfree^Prof^Andereon^830^Mrkt.
AT lass than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
aad trousers, at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. Til Markat at.
ELEQANT suits on easy installments: 60 cents
and up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
ket st., Between Seventh and Eighth.
SUITS to order on installments. $1 per week.
Neuhaus _ Co.. merch. tailors. 727-729 Market.
ALL styles hairdresstng 1 . 25c: hair goods; mant-
curing 23o. O. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles perm, removed
by electric needle. Mlas Dudley. 1702 Market.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 60; dress pants $2 5O,
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle. Dr.&Mrs.Traverse.ll70Market.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs.
country orders. GOLDSTEIN _ CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
Superfluous hair A moles removed with elec-
trio needle. Mrs. & Miss Eaton. U1S Butter.
VARICOSE veins and catarrh cured at home.
Call or write for testimonials. \ Dr. WD-L-
IAMS CO.. 140 Qeanr st.. 8. P*.
FALMISTU.Y.
M BELLE RUSSELL, palmist. 59 Third at.;
ladies, 25o; gents. Me: hrs.10-0 (ex. Sunday).
PAPERHA5GINQ. PAIXTIXG. ETC.
BOOMS papered. $3 50 up; tinting, painting.
Hartmann Pamt Co.. «1» 3d St.; taL Mam 413
TYPEWRITERS AXP SUPPLIES.
OR-JAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWIUT_S»^We
sell better machines for lass money than any
house In the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 538 California; telephone Main 288.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; gat par-
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gomery st. __________________
2D-HAND typewriters aold. rented, repaired.
Wabatar Typewriter Inapec Co.. 209 Baneome.
sjrn— " .I ¦ ¦ ¦ i
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE Girts* Directory Orphan Asylum hereby
gives notice that the following orphan and.
half -orphan girls and boys have been ad-
mitted to the asylum from Janu-
ary 1. 190$. to July 1. 1903:
Violet Dutro. 8 yra.; Auguata Dutro, 8 yra.;
Frank Faaslna. 13 yra.; Louisa **_&*!. 10
yrs.; Josephine Fecdna^ 8 yra.: David Fec-
clna. 8 yra,; Joseph Clancy. 5 yrs.: Roes,
Alameda. 6 yra.; Gasper Castall. 8 yrs.: Wil-
liam Castell. 6 yrs.; Martin Castell, 4 yre.:
Carrie Cano. 8 yrs.; Nettle Cano, • jrra.:
Raphael Cano, 4 yrs.; Gertie Robinson. 1 yr.
6 mos.: May Conely. 7 yrs.: Ira Conely. a
Otis Conely. 4 yra,; Benjamm de Roae.
1 yrs.s Maria de Roae, 13 yra.: Margaret
Cowep. 10 yrs.; Emma Cowap. 8 yra.: Maria.
Cowep. S yrs.: Willie Cowep. 8 yrs. 8 mos.:
Bamuel Belogich. 4 yra. 2 mos.; Paulme
Wolfe. 0 yra.; Michael Mastroaantl. 8 yre.:
Mary Belovich, 10 yrs. ; Antonet Belovlch. 9
yrs.; Charley dal Grendl, T yra.: Louise del
Grendl. 8 yrs.; Marion Chapman, ft yrs. 9
mos.; Edmond Chapman. 3 yrs. 8 mos.; May
Chapman. 1 year 6 moa.; Remand Schwell. 4
yrs.; Ella Creque, 8 yra.; Agnes V. Johnson.
7 yrs. : Sam Walsh, 9 yrs. -, William Mo-
Kenaey. 8 yrs.: Isabel McKeaaey. ft yrs.;
Chariot Sorenaen, 8 yra.; Bernardine Flynn.
6 yra. 8 mos.; Catherine' Murphy. 3 yra. 9
moa.; Barah Murphy, 3 yrs.; Joseph Mahoney.
2 ire.: Mary Johnston, T yrs.; Nellie John-
ston. S yra.; James Johnston. 2 yrs.: Clara
Johnson. 10 yrs. T mos.: Ethel Warner. 8
yrs.; Maria Kin*. T yrs.: Rose King. »_r«-:
Wlnfred Kln». 3 yra. 8 moa.; Henry Klnc.
1 year 5 moa.: Sam Schmidt. 3 yra,; Mary
MeNlekells. T yra.; Agnea McNlckella. 7 yra.:
Emily McNickells, 5 yrs.; John Wagner. 13
yra.; Maria Wagner. 10 yra.; Chester Wag-
ner. 8 yra.; Clara Futterer 9 yrs.; Lewis
Cheerello. 8 yre.; Eva Narvls. 7 yrs.; Joha
Henderson, 8 yrs.; Margaret Eannan, 8 yra.;
John Green, 8 yrs.; Henry Pastane, 4 yrs.:
Cella Brand, 8 yrs.: Maria Walsh, 1 year «
mos.: Elisabeth Kelly. 3 yrs.; Willie Sum-
mers 2 yrs. 4 mos.; Michael Logue, 3 yrs. 3
moa.: Josephine Baker. 1 year *«>?»¦: Elsie
Jenkins, t yrs. 8 moa.: Annie McDonnell. »
yrs.; Sadie Mason, 7 yrs.; Frank Logan. 3
yra.; Agnes Buckler. 12 yra.; Lottie Camp-
bell 8 yrs.; Ella Moran. 8 yrs.; Margaret
Lnftus. 2 jrra, ; Ida Anderson, 4 yrs. 2 mos.:
Florence Buckley, • yra. 2 moa.; Dor*
Glelschner, 4 yrs.: Addle Weshfr. 3 yrs.: Jo-
seph Bwayne. 1 year 2 mos.; Raehael Myers.
2 yrs.- Lillle Kearney. 1 year 8 moa.; Michael
Morgan. 3 yrs.: Violet Plckett, 10 yra.; Frank
White 4 yra.; John Wlgja. 4 yra.; Josepb
Miller* 6 yra.; Oracle Hopson. 7 yrs.; Carrt*
Collins. 8 yrs.; Harriet Meehan, 12 yrs.; Joha
Kane. 2 yrs.; Grade Mihlgan. 11 yrs.; Joseph
Riordan. 8 yra. ; Emma Campbeen. 1 yra. ;
Theresa HUL 8 yrs.; Leonard Fisher. 8 yrs.;
Anna MuUar, 8 yrs.; Ullia CashelL 4 yra.;
" Florence Nelson. 3 yrs.; Rosle Fosett. 4 yrs.;
Theresa Donald, 8 yrs.: Annie Brag. 3 yrs.:
Frad Conley, 3 yrs.; Mary Bryant. 4 yrs.: Al-
bert Nlcholls, 4 yrs. 9 moa.; George Hoffman,
5 yrs. : Alice Ntcholls. 7 yrs. ; Antonla Louise.
3 yrs. ; Theresa Fisher. 8 yra. : Myrtle Flshe*.
7 yrs.; Mary Smld. 7 yrs. ; Hilda Holverson,
10 yrs.: Esther Horverson. 8 yra.: Lissia
Regan. 7 yrs.; Cella Regan. & yra,: Mary
Regan, 8 yrs.: Phllomena Morse, 2 yrs.; Joha
Maschlnl, 7 yrs.; Hasel Roche. 10 yrs.
DR. NELLIE BEIGHLE: successful treat-
ment; diagnosis made; best . of references
given: no medicine used. Offices Marion
building. 104. 108. }08. 110 Geary St.. one
block from Kearny and Markat. over Kast's
Booterie, formerly In Emma Spreckela build-
Ing. Tel. Mala 1163; hrs. 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
Ladles! Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are best; safe, reliable; tak« no other. Send 4o
stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladles,"
in letter by return mall. Ask your druggist.
Chlchaater Chemical Co.. Phlladelpla. Pa.
For Additional Classified Advertise-
jncnts See Page Forty-Two.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
OAJCLAJfD RBAJ_ B3TATB.
LATMANCB REAL ESTATE CO.,
400-462 Eighth Oakland.
125,000 Residence" for $16,000.
We have been authorised to place this superb
residence; upon the market at this extremely
low figure; situated in the choicest section of
the city, with the waters of Lake Merrttt lap-
ping Its eastern shore. It affords a lovely ma-
rine and landscape view; within 8 minutes'
walking distance to banking center; train
service every 15 jnlmites; beautiful gronnds.
boathouse and stable; an ideal home for San
Francisco business man; must be sold.
$20,00*— Piedmont mansions with, grand pan-
oramlo view of entire city and bay; large
grounda; superb In every detail; great sac-
rifice.
$8000— An elegant residence, containing 10
rooms and surroundings that could not
be duplicated under $10,000; lot 50x150;
furnace and all modern appointments;
Lakeside district; unusual offering.
$3700— Substantial residence 8 rooms and bath-
large rooms nicely arranged ; broad en-
trance; Filbert, near 18th; must be sold.
$3250— Gives you perfect title to one of the
best-built cottages In this city: 6 rooms
and bath; near 27th and Telegraph; a
cheap home In choice section.
$3500 — Brand new house; Swiss colonial de-
sign; 7 rooms and bath; gas, electricity;
fine residence section; close to locals and
car lines; terms to stilt.
$2000 — Nice C-room cottage; year and a half
old; aituated on Linden St.; high base-
ment and up to date; must be sold.
EASY PAYMENT BARGAINS.
$3500— Fine modern house of 7 rooms and bath;
up to date in every particular: splendid
location; near locals and streetcars; terms
to suit.
i . ____.
$3250 — Brand new house, situated on north-
east corner; lot 40x150; 7 rooms and
bath, mar.tles and electric spark gas fix-
tures; a beautiful East Oakland home on
easy payments.
$1SOO— A foreclosure snap— 7-room house with
street work complete; near car lines and
locals: well worth $2300; must be sold;
easy terms.
$1500 — Neat 5-room cottage, near new car line;
lot 00x125; street work complete and side-
walk; clo»e in; owner leaving and needs
money; investigate.
EXCELLENT INVESTMENT.
$1650 — An opportunity to invest a. small sum
that will surely bring good returns; store
and 3 rooms and 5-room flat above In the
coming business center of North Oak-
land, near Santa Fe ferry; rents for $20;
surrounded by business places now.
CHEAP. BUT GOOD HOMES.
$1600— Bay-window cottage. 6 rooms and base-
ment; lot 25x125; double frontage; street
work complete: 4 blocks from San Pablo
ave. and new Santa Fe ferry.
$1500 — Lovely cottage. 5 rooms and bath: lot
35x140; in splendid condition; good barn,
trees, vines and nicely fenced; a genutnely
good upper Fourteenth-ave. home.
$2200 — A modern 1%-story house. 6 rooms and
bath; lot 37x115; nice lawn, driveway and
barn; street work complete; situate on
37th. near Telegraph ave.
$150O — a suburban home of 5 rooms; with lot
62x129; adjacent to Idora and Buahrod
(city) park; cultivate and raise anything;
bound to advance in price.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTIES.
$2250 — Nearly 2 acres of splendid lots In north-
ern part of city at a sacrifice; surrounding
Improvements will force the value up
quickly; buy now.
$12 per foot — $50 down. $10 per month; these
beautiful lots. 140 feet deep, are a bar-
gain: any frontage desired; value will
surely advance; get in on the ground floor.
$1000— Beautiful lot, 100x125. on East Oak-
land Heights; cheap.
$50 per foot — One of the grandest lots In this
city: a southwest corner, situated on Oak-
land ave.. near Santa Rosa; easily worth
$60 per foot.
$1750^ — An excellent corner lot. 75x95. for resi-
dence, flats or stores; situate in one of
the busy portions of Telegraph ave., in
this city.
Ask for our list of properties. I
Ask for our list of properties.
Ask for our list of properties. |
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
460-462 Eighth St., Oakland. Cal.
_____
A SPECIAL LOT BARGAIN.
Lakeside district: 5 minutes' walk of bank-
ing center; only vacant lot in a block of 4
$20,000 homes; lot 50x100; grand for flats or
home; price only $55 foot; worth $C5; act
at once.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
460-642 6th St., Oakland.
A. J. SNYDER,
Real Estate Broker and Dealer,
407 Ninth St., Oakland, Cal.
$1000 — 4-room cottage with good lot.
$1100 — Thsee rooms and bath, in Piedmont
Hills.
$1300— West Oakland home, 6 rooms and bath.
$1350 — 4-room cottage, 50-ft. lot.
$1700 — Small bouse, but big lot.
$2100— 5-room cottage, near Oak-st. statlcn.
$2000 — 5-roora cottage. West Oakland.
$2750 — Good 8-room house on Thirty-fifth st.
$2050 — 6-room cottage. Twenty-fourth, near
Grove.
$2S00 — New 6-room house. Thirty-first St.;
snap.
$3600 — Cor. of Grcve St.. with 7-room house.
$4000-^Beautlful Telegraph-ave. heme.
$4500—8 rooms, bath, basement, Thirty-third.
$6500 — Elegant Telcgraph-ave. home.
A, J. SNYDER.
Real Estate Broker and Dealer.
nnm ' '
TAYLOR BROS. & CO.. OAKLAND. CAL.
SPECIAL.
$4000 — One of the finest residences, two-story,
attic and basement. 12 rooms; strictly
modern; finished In selected redwood; fine
mantel: on a corner; both streets paved;
cement walks; cement coping; cannot bo
duplicated for $7500; owner a non-resi-
dent and compelled to sell; offer wanted:
investigation solicited; only part cash
necessary. TAYLOR BROS. & CO. sole
agents.
TAYLOR BROS. & CO.
$500— Lot 35x135 feet, with cottage of 2
rooms; Oakland ave.. near Pleasant Val-
ley; $50 cash and $10 per month; 8 per
cent on deferred payments. . No 1
$900 — Cottage. 4 rooms, on Twenty-sixth st.
between Grove and San Pablo; cannot bo
duplicated for $1250: $300 cash and bal-
ance easy terms; this Is a snap. No 9G9
$2250— Cottage, 5 rooms, basement; lot 25* feet
front: strictly modern; % block to La-
fayette school; $750 cash, balance easy
terms, :
$4500 — Handsome ten-room residence on cor-
ner; macadamised streets; cement walks;
cement coping; lot terraced: property cost
$7500 and In excellent repair; Insured for
$5000; owner non-resident and forced to
sell.
TAYLOR BROS. & CO..
1230 Broadway. Telephone Cedar 351.
WANTED— A lot 75 to 220 ft. front bet. 32d
and Grove, San Pablo and 40th ; must . be
cheap for cash; owners only; full particulars.
J. H. YOUNG, Builder,
' ,r "... , -¦; 1243 Park at.. Alameda;
ALEX. MURDOCK. Chronicle bldg.. San Fran-
. cisco. for Oakland. Berkeley or rural homes.
_"¦ MBDICAX.
VALPSATTB female pills; best regulating pills
sold; price $2 B0 by express. Pastaufs syr-
inge and tabletat price> *a«fc_Br •*££*••
only oa receipt of price. OSOOOD BROTH-
XR8. wholeiale druggists, Baventh and
Broadway. Oaklan't
MRS. DB, VYIKTH. specialist for all **-**$•
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed: 30
years' experience. 788 Post st.. near Jones.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
llef guaranteed. 1008% Market St., opp. Bth.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are alck or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped; the most difficult cases treat-
ed; advice free. Office. 1018 Market st.
DR. ROSEN, 2395 Folsom, cor. 28th— Ladies*
exclusive office and home where relief is ob-
tained in all cases taken; consultation free.
MRS. D. ALLEN, 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
: confinement; beat medical care; low fees.
A MATERNITY VILLA: private; aeoluded;
i confidential. DR. E. FUN KB, 1410 Eighth
St.. Alameda.
DB. and MBS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
Original method of treatment. 1128 Markat st.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
In obstetrics, female comp.; 25 yrs. exper'nee.
DR. NO TOY KEE, 319 Powell st. opposite
Union square; all diseases cured by herb*.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2-hand machinery. McIN-
TOBH & WOLPMAN. 198-m Fremont st.
4 MILES 4-ln. screw pipe.
7 miles 3 %-ln. screw pipe.
2 miles 3-in. screw pipe. . , ,
1 mile 2%-ln. screw pipe-. • . f )
8000 feet %-ln. screw pipe.
(KXK> feet %-ln. screw pipe.
4500 feet %-ln. screw pipe.
CHEAP
H. 3. WHJTE. 130 Beala st.
ALL our goods delivered on first payment; you
can buy from us diamonds, watches. Jewelry,
sealskins, men's tailor-made clothing, trunks,
suit cases, on a very small weekly payment;
no Interest changed; It will pay you to ex-
amine our gooda and prices: established 1850.
LICHTENSTEIN BROS., 25 Stockton st.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterite; In rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles; best tor new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO., 713 Market at.
SECOND-HAND machinery. Dollars, engines,
pumps, water pipe, bought, sold, rested and
exchanged. See Sunday's papers. H.8.WHITB
MACHINERY COMPANY, 130-132 Beala St.
GASOLINE engine. 8 HP., run 10 days, $123;
10 HP. steam B. and Cnjr., $123. 2210 M
st., Sacramento, Cal.
> FOR sale — One thoroughbred blue gray Great
Dane dog; 19 month* old: weighing about 175
. lb*. G. H. LUCKS. Mills College P. O..
box 10. Alameda Co.. Cat.
A — Fine suits. $7 BO; dress pants, $2 50. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 238 Kearny St..
near Bush; open to 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A— $3 50 DERBY and fedora hats, $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St.. near
Pine; open till 9 p. ra. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear st.
SPECIAL — Hotels, groceries and restaurants.
150 skj. good potatoes, $1 per sk.; Monday
only. 216 Davis St.
PERFECT oil burner for cook stove; better
and cheaper than coal or gas. A. PH1N-
NEY. 817 Market.
A — OAK flat- top office desk;. cheap. 61S Bry-
ant at.
RAMBLER bicycle. 20-inch wheel, new rims.
$10; perfect order. 1630 Hayes st.
SECOND-HAND cash register: also typewriter!
state make, lowest price. Box 1879, Call.
SLOT machine, Dewey, first-class condition;
$50. 120S Seventh Ft., Oakland.
FOR sale — 3 well-bred white spitz pups. 603%
Natoma st.
A GOOD strong bicycle: also sewing machine
and some furniture. 512% Leavenworth st.
FRESH young Durham cow. IS quarts rich
milk dally; gentle. 1694 San Bruno.
MILES of pipe and fittings; all sizes. EU-
GENE R1LEY & SONS. 109 Valtojo st.
MOVING picture film and song slides. 109
Montgomery st. :
SAFES— New and second-band. E. B. BSCK
& CO.. 122 Market st. ¦ - ¦
All bargains; camp stools and chairs, hammocks,
metal beds, mattresses.J.F.Hotter.713 Mission
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Baclgalupi, 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches,
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont it
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 8acramento st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. ?1U Montg'y.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD A BRECK. 131 Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS WAKT3.
WANTED— Large locust logs; 3 car loads. 618
Third St.. San Francisco.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.; tal. Jessie 2851.
$5000 WORTH cast-off clothing wanted; highest
price paid. 322 Grant ave.: tal. Red 3932.
MONEY TO LOAN.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY. -
601-602-4)03 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by daaltng directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
eata. assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc. ; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests In property purchssed.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates, Baldwin Jewelry Store^ 846
Market St.. teL Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mar-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; largest business in
46 principal cities. Tobnan. 553 Parrot bldg.
A— 1 per cent on furniture or piano; no removal;
no commission: no publicity: $25 up; quick.
quiet, confidential 28 Montgomery st..nn. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 10S Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 to $10,000.
AT cut rates on real estate, furniture or piano:
no commission. E. W. LICK. 1003 Mutual
Sav. Bk. bid., 70S Market; phone Main 818.
S.~f7 DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their nota.
Th« TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious atones bought
at W. J. HESTHALL'S. 10 Sixth at.
GOOD names; 1% on furniture. 2d mortgage;
any aecurlty. 302 |Montgomery at., rm. 18.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal:
V. THEM A IN. room tl. 6 Eddy st.. Poor 4.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Back. 538 Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned ' salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MORRELL. 60P Examiner bid.
MOXEY WAHTED.
FIVE hundred dollar loan; return payments
$40 weekly; will pay reasonable premium;
perfectly secure. Box 1864. Call office.
-~My 81CAJL) IX STPt y .ME Jt 1 * 1 ».
A LIST OF SLIGHTLY USED PIANOS AT A
BARGAIN" FOR THIS WEEK.
Antlsell. square grand $20
Hallett & Davis, square grand 30
Hazelton Bros., square grand 4(
Knabe. square grand 80
Weber, square grand 75;
Sohmer & Co., square grand 100
Wood worth, upright 00
Symphony, upright 100
Opera, upright 125
Hemme & Long, walnut case T5O
Newman, upright, rosewood case. 173
Wilson «: Co., upright, oak case 20O
Colby & Co., upright .....250
Byron Mausy, upright ,...300
Sohmer & Co., upright ..400
Pianola Piano Player 150
Cecillan. the perfect piano player. ...... .200
Kew ' pipe organ cheap.
BYRON MAUZY.
¦ ' - • 80S POST ST.
A FEW snaps selected from 200; all reduced on
.account of summer season for June. July:
3 Checkering $88. $07, $183
2 Emerson ...$95. $115
2 Heine $235. $3S5
2 Stelnway. small A large upright.. $185. $335
New pianos from.' $137 up
25 Squares from ..........$15 up
Piano Players, $90 up; rent reduced to $2
up, apply on purchase; Installments, one-
tenth down, two years to pay balance.
HEINE PIANO CO., 235-237 Geary St.; tel.
Main 5744.
8TEINWAY upright, left by private party,
$165; great bargain. 237 Geary st.
BAND instruments; F. Besson. Paris, maker.
Gus Maiwald, Agt. Pae. Coast, 278 O'Farrell;
skillful repairing; 2d-hand instruments aold.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
RBAt EgTAl^.^^
DELANOY _ RANDLETT.
18S8 PARK ST.. ALAMEDA.
We have sold the last house we had built
la cur Bar Bide Tract.
On any lot we have left will build yrm a
home oX any size or style you may select, so
call at our office and examine plans.
We intend to commence a new 6-room bun-
galow this weekj something fine; easy terms.
DELAKOT A BARTLETT. 1339 Park St.
ALAMEDA HOME. — — —
Fcr exchange— A rare chance.
7-room modern 2-story house; lot 46x160; in
best locality for a lot In Western Addition,
San Francisco.
Apply to
A. R, DENTCE. 1400 7th et.. Alameda.
FOR ia> — New bouse of 6 rooms: Fair Oaks
et^ west of Carol-ie, Encinal Park. Apply
to J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park st./ Alameda.
CHEAPEST and best tn America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, i><»r.t to any address In tha
United States or Canada one year for $1.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELET REAL ESTATE.
ALLEN _ ELLIS— SPECIALS,
(1450—4 rooms; nearly new; modern; lot 40x
1S3; ccnveslest to tha university.
IIirgQ B rooms; well built: modern; nearly
new; modem plumbing; 2 blocks ot ferry
Use.
1 2750 — C rooms; oew modern; bungalow; Aoabto
fiocrs; nice location; near U. C
t_SS>-7 rooms; new; lot 40x125; finished
street; near university and elation.
tSSOO— S roc— j; new; substantial; sightly situ-
ation ; convenient to university.
S4ZBQ — 8 rooms: xrtSl arranged; an modem con-
veniences; nice location; in good condi-
tion; south side of grounds; near campus.
tSQCQ—10 rooms; modern; nearly new; n!c* lo*
csticnt near U. C. and station.
CCSO — 14 rooms; exceptionally well built j plate
Claea windows; ceariy new; flue location;
close to the university.
tots tn an pert* ef Berkeley at prloes from
fTt 3 to {5000.
_ we ts~9 hes ses for rest ta all parts ot the
tows.
2129 Center St.. Berkeley.
JLK tOSAL COTTAGH.
X. new A-roora cottage with large reception
hall. bath, etatlonary tuba, patent toilet,
gaa fixtures; street work done; convenient to
Station and street cans; ' price $2400; will
tnake terns to suit.
O. A. BXDOLPH,
Open 6us2a\T». Loria,
rOR THOSE WHO PAY RENT.
I will ee'l yew a home by paying* a small
cash rr.v— .*>i:t and th« balance to ba paid off
by what you are now paying as rent; we will
also belli yoti a home on the eaine terms.
e
O. A. RUDOLPH.
Open S—ifiayB. Lorin.
HERE IS A. BARGAIN.
A r.ew S-room house with all modern Im-
provements; close to street cara and ata-
tion; price $2250; terms, small cash pay-
ment balance eame as rent.
O. A. RUDOLPH.
Open Sundays. Lorin.
$2_j r< — T ROOMS and bath near college; fine
view and warm and cbeltered location;
larre lot; a modest home and one that
will increase in value.
$2000 — 6 rooms and bath; lot 60x120; street !
work doce; modern plumbing; 1 block '•
from proposed car line.
$300— Lots half-block from Grore-st. car line.
$S5Q0 — New 8-room and bs.th; HiUegass Tract;
lot 52:6xl5S; this is a beautiful homeland
in beet residence district of Berkeley.
$2C50 — 7 rooms and bath, on Channing way;
.- :r>' i work done; 3 blocks from station.
$3500 — 7-room fcouse. barn: large lot; on street
car line; exceptional easy terms to respon-
sible party.
$1650 — 6-room house, near College ave.; lot
40x120.
$1000 — Lot 45x125, E. elde Fulton; Ftr*et work
dene.
• $1800 — 5 rocrr.s and bath: S3xl.'»; Parker st.
$1600— 4-room cottage; lot 60x135.
CHENEY & BERRY.
P. O. Block, Berkeley.
$100 CAPH. balance installments — Fine hou-e
of 7 rooms; all modern improvements;
street work all done; cement sidewalks;
near station and electric car line.
Lovely house of 5 rooms and bath; beautifully
6ituated; view unsurpassed; very choice
neighborhood.
Only $3 per foot: 220 feet frontage; Just the
place for a chicken ranch.
irearly new 6-room bungalow cottage: a lovely
home; very conveniently situated.
(800 cash, balance terms to suit; new house
of 7 rooms, large lot, near It. R. station
and electric cara.
$3400 — House cf 6 rooms; large lot; street work
. .dese; a bargain.
JOSEPH J. MASON. Real Estate.
Ehattuck ave. and Center St.,
Berkeley. CaL
LOTS for $10 Ccmn and $5 per month: these
are nice lots, all sewered, ha_dy to cars;
price only $300.
S2500 — Handsome, well-built 7-room house;
windmill, uarn, stable, wagon shed; lot
&0xl43; street wcrk complete; close to
cars; $250 cash, balance $25 per month.
fsttO — A Berkeley chicken ranch; 3-room
house; chicken-houses, stable, wagon
sheds; lot i«xl25; fenced; ij block from
cars; can sell on terms.
flSOO — Handsome, well-built S-room house;
hard finished, bath, toilet, high, hard fin-
U_ed basement: nice lot; small barn;
doae to ears: $300 c&sb, balance $14 per
month. W. C. MORAN. I»nn station, or
C. C EMSLTE, Ashfcy station.
_ bo YOU
Wast to rent or buy Berkeley property?
LET US
Enow your warts and receive a list of such
property as you desire.
Here Is a good one: 8-room house, modern
improve— lents, eaty terms can b» had, oniy 2
blocks from Lonn station, f2,4O0: another. 5-
rooE i cottage, good well, lot 40x120. fenced, 3
blocks from R. R- station. West Berkeley, sold
on eaey terms, only $950.
We have lots from $175 and upward.
CENTRAL REAL ESTATE CO.
2149 CENTER ST.. BERKELEY.
City egenl L. J. Anderson. 409 Montgomery.
$4000— «-ROOM house, stable, chicken houses,
cow barn and outhouse*; lot KiOxlSS;
street work and sidewalks complete ; sit- i
uated at 1507 Prince St.; terms to stilt.
$2500 — 6-room cottage; lot 45x130; near schools
station and car line. In best residential
section cf Berkeley; $1000 cash, balance
fiat loan.
$7200— Business block at Berkeley station; an
'. elegant opportunity for a safe Investment.
VT. C. MORAN & CO.,
2131 Shattnck ave.. Berkeley station.
A FEW LOTS AT CLOSE FIGURES.
35x122; street work done $450
•0x122; macadamized street r.r.o
75x120; Improved street 675
50x125; Scenic Park Tract COO
IxrtK in Berry-Bangs. Hillegass, Scenic Park
and Wheeler Tract at lowest figures.
Lot* on unimproved street near Dwlght way
station fcr i25O each.
STAATS & JURTER.
2137 Shattnck ave., Berkeley.
NO. 715 — $4250; 7-room new house; modern In
every respect; good neighborhood; east front-
age; large lot; street work done.
6. S. QUACKEJCBUSH,
Real Estate and Insurance.
2171 Shattuck ave., Berkeley Station.
$1700— NEW 6 rooms and bath.
$1K5O — 6 roomi and bath.
$2300— New 6 rooms and bath.
LITTLE A WOOLSEY.
2110 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley.
ICO. CIS — $5500; 8-room house; beamed ceiling;
plumbing up to date; practically new; lot Mx
160 feet.
, . , ,
8. B. QUACKENBUSH.
Real Estate and Insurance,
2171 Ehattuck ave., Berkeley Station.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
LAWTON _ ALBEE'S
SPEC1AL BARGAINS IN EERKE1/EY
HOMES AND LOTS:
4-room cottars, large lot. street work
done, near station $1000
6-roora house, new, near station, lot
S3 by 1S3, a snap —- - 51800
6-rocm house, near statloa and electrics,
new and modern $3230
6-room house, near station, new and mod-
ern, a snap $2300
6-rocra cottage, lane lot and sunny cot-
ner. snap/........ * 2230
8-room bouse, street work done, •< >uUl ._ vv ,
front, new, eaey terms .....»»•. ..ftww
8-room house, central, large lot. a treat
bargain $4200
8-room house, central, new, niodern, pol-
ished floors, easy terms _ $4500
8-room. runny corner house, street work
dona, new, a bargain .......... •••••¦?*ow
6-room house, south front, neat station
and electrics, new ,...$4 ( B0
S-room bouse, new, Dana at., modern, near
station and electrics $4760
8-room house. Haste st, new and modern,
near station $4<50
9-room. sunny corner housa, new, new.-^-
station and electrics ?« wo
11- room hours, Fulton St., central, a bar-
gain, near station $0300
10-room housa, Durant ave., nearly new,
barn, large lot • $7500
14- room house, fine corner, central, "Pi 811 - ._-
did investment ?8000
We have some snaps In lots for Investment:
no easier way to make money than In buying
a pood lot.
Special attention to renting houses. Come
early — the demand Is active.
2139 CENTER STREET.
Phone Mason 401, Berkeley.
A CHANCE TO OWN A HOME.
Nice 6-room cottage; lot 35x122; electricity,
gas grates, cement walks, street work done;
*hade»: well built, complete and brand new;
for $3000; $200 cash, balance monthly.
Houses en all kinds of terms in all parts of
Berkeley and at all kinds of prices; call in and
talk the matter over.
BTAATS & JUBTEB,
2137 Shattuck ave.
FRU1TYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRnTTALE REAL^STrATE^^
j y MATTESON^ — — -~- -
Fruitvale ave.. near E. 14th et., Frnltvale, Cal.
Thone Brook 295.
NO TOWN WITHIN EASY REACH OF
SAN FRANCISCO HAS A CLIMATE EQUAL
TO THAT OF FRUITVALE. IT IS SO
SHELTERED BY THE HILLS THAT THE
SEVERE WINDS A^D DAMP FOGS SEL-
DOM VISIT US. NO MORE TIME IS RE-
QUIRED TO REACH YOUR WORK IN SAN
FKANCISCO THAN IF YOU LIVED IN SOME
PARTS OF THAT CITY. AND THE FARE
IS THE SAME. COMMUTATION TICKETS
BEING $3 MONTHLY. IN SHORT. FRUIT-
VALE IS A MODEL HOME PLACE FOR SAN
FRANCISCO BUSINESS PEOPLE.
I HAVE A VERY LARGE LIST OF PROP-
ERTY. FROM A SMALL HOME FOR A FEW-
HUNDRED DOLLARS UP TO A MANSION
IN THE SWELLEST PORTION OF THE
TOWN; ALSO UNIMPROVED LOTS AND
ACREAGE PROPERTY.
$3100 — 6-room cottage in a very nice location;
half block from electric car-ltne and oniy
a short distance from station; lot 50x140;
very high basement; fruit trees, windmill.
< large tank; fine water.
$2100— 5-room cottage: close to station and
school; corner lot: high basement; elec-
tricity and other modern conveniences.
$2700 — 1-room cottage; on car line; lot 50x250;
high basement; fruit and berries In abun-
dance; barn, chicken houses and yards;
more ground in orchard if desired.
$2350 — Furnished 5-room cottage, near Frult-
vali> ave.. short walk from station; lot
35x174: chicken houses and yards, pigeon
cote, fruit trees, lawns; rooms in base-
ment; reduction made without furniture.
$1750 — 6-room house, story and a half, near
school and electric cars; lot 35x140; more
room if desired; easy terms.
$2500 — 6-room. 2-story* house; good location;
lot 45x125; fruit and flowers; chicken
houses.
$2300 — 5-room cottage. 1 block from station;
large lot; h!ch basement, gas. electricity,
porcelain bath; chicken house.
$1100 — 4-room cottage, in fine residence portion
of town; macadamlxed street; lot UOxlSO,
corner; cash $300, balance on installment;
this Is a quick seller; secure it If you
want It.
$350 — A sacrifice; lot 75x108 (3 lots); must be
sold immediately.
If yon cannot find anything In an improved
J home to suit, let me build cne for you accord-
Ing to your own ideas. I will draw your plans
erect your home and save you money.
J. V. MATTESON,
Frultvale ave.. near E. 14th st., Frultvale. Cal.
H. A. PLEITNER, Fruitvale Station.
$1350 — Bay-window cottage of 4 large rooms
and bath, hall, veranda; good ceweraffe;
half block from Fruitvale ave.; a big
¦ bargain; good terms can be had.
$1475 — Fine cottage of 4 rooms, hall. ' bath, ;
basement, etc.; tot 50x122:6 and alley
way In rear; only 4 short blocks from
Frultvale local station; easy terms If de-
sired.
$1700^ — Extra good 4-room cottage and bath;
all modern; cement walks, sewerage, etc.;
lot 50x137; close to Fruitvale Station!
easy terms.
$1675 — New modern 4-room cottage, hall, bath,
veranda, bay-window and high basement;
good sewerage and plumbing, *tc; cement
walks; lot 34x103, and less than 10 min-
utes' walk to Twenty-thlrd-ave. Station;
terms to suit purchaser.
$1550 — Half acre of good soil, with 4-room cot-
tage and spacious attic; near High st. :
$2U0 down; owner will take mortgage for
remainder.
$1075 — 3-room cottage and bath; handy to East
Oakland local train.
H. A. PLEITNER. Frultvale Station.
$950 — COTTAGE, 4 rooms; In Frultvale; lot
35x142; fruit trees.
$1000 — Cottage. 3 rooms; lot 50x200; fruit trees
and flowers.
$2000— Cottage, 5 rooms and bath; basement
finished: windmill and tank; party sells
water to neighbors for $7 per month:
street work and sidewalk all completed; 2
blocks from train and car line.
$1700— New cottage. S rooms and bath; street
work all done: close to train and cars;
must be sold; easy terms.
$1900 — 2-story 6-room house, all In fine order;
close to car line; street work and side-
walk all completed; lot 40x118.
$1500— Flat and store; cost $2300 to build; taken
in on mortgage, so must be sold.
$1700— -Cottage, 5 rooms; barn, windmill and
tank; lot 112x135.
Apply to ALAMEDA LAND CO.,
1151 23d ave.
BARGAIN.
A fine de*p lot on Peralta ave. ; only $8.50
a front foot; sewer,' electric light, city water;
street graded. Address Owner, box 399S,
Call office, Oakland.
FOR sale — Cheap on account of going East this
fall; $850 cash: balance can remain on mort-
gage; small house, stable and chicken
bousea; lot 100x150; Fltchburg. on Snell ave.
Take the Haywards car or address to F.
BRANDT. Elmhurst. Alameda Co., Cal.
FOR SALE— $400 Fruitvale lot for $210 this
week only. Box 1831. Call office.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1*18 BROADWAY.
BEND for" printed list; Issued weekly: complete.
GEORGE W. AU8TIN, 1002 Broadway, Oak-
land. • f^i&v
OAKLAND^ JFUONITURE FOR^JBAXB.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
SCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh et.. Oakland.THE SAN FBANqiSCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 19, 1903.
42
DELICATESSEN, dairy, .produce; .flne_ loca-
tion : 4 rooms; rent $15. 2900 Sixteenth st.
OUTSIDE route No. 4 this paper for sale.
Inquire hardware store. 10th and Folaom sts.
BAKERY and delicacy store for sale; must be
sold; owner going away. 715 McAllister st.
AN outside route for sale. Apply Call office.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
il. C. DECKER. 900 MARKET ST.
ESTABLISHED 1N-THIS CITY IN 1S«7.
HEADQUARTERS FOR ROOMING-HObSES.
HOTELS AND FLATS. _
I OFFER THE FOLLOWING BARGAINS:
6 rooms, modern fiat, new furn * . 2J5
20 rooms, sunny. N. Market, cor., only 1,»00
15 rooms sunny, cor., modern, newly.
furnished, well rented.. 1 *5S2
115 rooms, modern apartment-house.. O.50U
156 rooms, new, sunny corner apart--
men t house, reduced 12> 5x2
' CO rooms, near Powell and Market.... *'°22
b rooms, choice location,, forced sale.. 223
8 rooms, nicely furnished, owner sick. -j0
60-room corner house, only 3,600
21 rooms, only $300 cash, bal. paymts. 1,100
II rooms, only $160 cash «•><!
12 rooms, on Geary et, near Powell.. 8i>0
26 rooms, on Market st., clears $200.. 1,«j.k>
24 rooms, on Grant ave., only 2,400 |
12 roome, new furniture, cost $1200.. 600 f
48 rooms, clears $300 per month 6,000 i
36 rooms, on Howard st. clears $200.. l.TfJp j
66 rooms, elegant corner, clears £350.. C,8(X) |
Hotel and bar, 86 rooms, clears J500.. 10,000
24-room house, on Howard st.._^..... 850
100 houses from 5 to 600 roomsT all prices.
H. C. DECKER. 006 Market st. cor. Stockton.
Phone John 631.
100 ROOMS; house for men; rent $140 $4000
63 rooms; south of Market; rent $100. 2000
24 rooms; corner; part cash; bal. easy. SBO
11 rooms; good Income; rent $20 S30
21 rooms; water front: rent $40; lease. 650
120 rooms; good lease; low rent 6600
67 rms. :apartments;Western Add; rent. 250
Money loaned at 1 per ctnt.
Hotels, roadhouses, flats, 5 to 100 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
MARION GRIFFIN, rm. 406. Examiner bldg.—
Totels. apartment houses, flats and
ROOMING HOUSES. A BIG FREE LIST.
$1000—20 all sunny rooms; elegantly furnished:
best location in city: rooms all full; good
prices. EDWARDS. 331 Kearny st. room 12.
SNAP — 0 rooms; new furniture; must sell;
leaving city; a bargain If taken at once.
804 14 Folsom st. paint shop.
CARPET-DEATIXG AXD CLEANING.
AIR. compressed, dry. Ice cold, is now univer-
sally used in sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or injury: prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call big.; phone Main 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
eend for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, .'555-357 Tehama St.; til. South 40.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co., J. McQueen,
proprietor, S2D Guerrero st; tel. Mission 49.
TRY HOPKE BROS., excellent carpet cleaning-
phone Bush *21. 411-413 Powell tt.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st ;
tel. :ialn 304. Geo. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone l'ast 120.
CHIROPODISTS.
DUNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE. 60 Geary— All
ailments of the feet cured: corns, bunions. etc.
DR. WOODRUFF. 855 Market. Parrott bldjr.,
treats all ailments of the feet: painless; $1.
8PIR1TUALIS3I.
RHEUMATISM, kidney and bladder troubles
cured by Histionic sujrgrestlon; diagnosis free.
Institute of Science, 105 Sills st
MRS. ELIJiABETH HOLMES, 517 McAllister—
Readings dally; circles Tues., Friday, U p.m.
1 ETHEL CRINDLE. materializing seance Sun-
day evg; SOc. 1115 Post st; 8 o'clock.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A^ CALL AT ONCE AND SAVE $2.
My Regular $3 Reading This Week for
$1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1. $1.
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In Ean Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make you no charge If I fail to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for; I promise
to tell you whether husband, wife or sweet-
heart Is true or false; to tell whom and when
you will marry: In fact I will tell you every
hope, fear or ambition better than you can tell
yourself. He restores lost affection*, reunites
the separated, causes speedy and happy mar-
riages, makes you successful and prosperous,
cures disease and lost vitality without medi-
cine locates hidden treasures; hours 10 a. in. to
8 p.'m.; 8undays 2 to 8. 826 O'Farrell st. 320.'
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st. next Exam-
iner bldg.: she reads your life correctly,
gives an accurate description of the past re-
veals the present bappenlcss and . portrays
events to occur in the future: if you are in
trouble, discontented or not satisfied in life.
or have domestic, love or business troubles,
consult thl* great medium and you will be
told how to overcome them; valuable advice
In all affairs of life: 25c up; satisfaction
guaranteed; readings by mall. Tel Black 1669.
A — CAEnMIRE the eminent trance clairvoyant
adept can be consulted regarding all matters of
business love, marriage, divorce, property,
speculation changes, law, reuniting separated.
etc.: everything revealed; secret power to
change Influence or control any one or anythlnR
as you wish In 3 to 21 days; reduced fees for
this week. 1007% Market st. bet. Cth end 7th.
ISMAR, the Egyptian Kypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist permanently located at 1104 Market
St.. cor. Turk; private readings daily. 10 a.
m. to 6 p. m. ; readings by mail as satisfac-
tory as In person; 3 questions answered, $1:
full life, $5; send lock of hair, dato and year
of birth: don't send currency. Send postofflce,
Wells-F*rg;o money order or registered letter.
X MME. PORTER, scientific clali -nfyant and
card reader born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight; tells the past, present and future;
ladles, 60c; gents. $1; by cards, palmistry
and clairvoyant sitting. $1 60. 126 Turk st.
MRS. A. H. KRONENBERO, palmist, clairvoy-
ant, card reader, will give a pood reading;
10c. for a short time only; when others fail
try me to convince yourself. 402 Franklin,
near Grove.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 6 4th St.. near Market.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladles
25c; gents 60c; readings dally. 132 Sixth st
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c;
gents 50c. 051 Mission st., nr. 6th; open Sun.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
2C'/4 Kearny. room 20; ladles 25c, gents 50c.
MME. GINSBF.RG, greatest clairvoyant; ladies.
25c; gents, 60c. 35 6th st, rm. 9, 1st floor.
MRS. L. EHRHORN, clairvoyant, palmist;
sittings 25c up. Ill Chattanooga st, nr. 22d.
A wonder; have you seen her? LELA, palmist
and clairvoyant 277 14th st, near Mission.
MItS. SHAFER. clairvoyant card reader; slt-
tlngs dally. 44S% Jessie st. bet. 5th and 6th.
COLLECTION OFFICES^
ADVICE free; bad tenants ejected speedily. CO-
LUMBIAN LAW AGCY., r. 85. 016 Market;
tel. Red 61S; collections; gen'l law business.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 8-10; tel. 6580.
COTTAGES TO LET.
CAFP. 460, near 20th — The furniture of 4-room
cottage for sale ($125. a bargain); cottage for
rent to purchaser for $12, Including water;
large yard, flowers, etc.
CALIFORNIA ave., 374 — A cottage, 7 rooms
and bath; all the latest . Improvements;
$22 50. -
COTTAGE of 4 rooms at Ocean View; near
cars; rent $10. Owner, 217 Point Lobos ave.,
city. " _ - - ¦
DENTISTS.
DltLUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr. Eleventh
Xo charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 60c; gas given.
REMOVAL.
DR. C. W. RICHARDS, dentist, has re-
moved from 47 Post st to Mutual Bank bldg.,
room 014, corner Genry and Keaxny sts.
A NEW plate — The .Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.: crown. *3 50; fillings. 5dc;
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Si:;th st
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up; fllllngs,25c.
GOLD fillings 75c. silver 35c, crowns $2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt,204 Sutter.
10 PER CENT off this month: estimates free.
New York Dentists. 069 Mission st.. cor. Cth.
DRESSMAKERS & SEAMSTRESSES.
INDEPENDENT WOMEN'.
Are those who learn to do their own drot-s-,
making and millinery. All branches taught
by the most approved methods at ¦' the < Mc-
DOWELL DRESSMAKING AND MILLI-
NERY SCHOOL. 1019 , ; Market, above Uth. ;
Patterns cut to order. *
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School'
• — Any pattern cut to measure. 1010 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst Sc knife plaiting/ stew-
art's button _ buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.
HELP WA5TED--MAtK--Co«.
AT C. KfHANSENTcO/S^^
¦ 429 Bush «t -"'"¦•:•; •« C-* «•
OPEN TO-DAY. SUNDAY.
FOR RENO, NEVADA........ FREE TARE
60 labour? «nc«ts work, no experience
needed « V'H'ik
Board, per week. $4 50. *
25 men to build fences SvY_tI? 1»
60 men. steel and track «»?«• * N «T* <1 _V 5O :«
10 more tunnel Umbermen. L. A # C «***-_^S
100 extra and section hands. California. $1.«
Machine men and drillers-. ChatsworOi Parts
(Bonus* 25o" "remain until work Is done.)
FREE FARE FOR ALL ABOVE.
. Cooks, waiters, bellboys, kitchen *»•?•}••»-•"
C. R. HANSEN & CO..EmDloyment Agency
429 Bush »t 642 Clay st.
PACOTC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
* B20 Sacraments st
Phona Main 1191. Cor. LeWewlorft st.
Onr Offlc* Open 10 to 12 T8-«Jay. v
Watch Our Ads In To-morroWs Papera.
NT3W JOBS. ~ K:CW 'tS2to'
NORTH. NOKT S:
, 40 laborers and 10 tsamatan • oa •> «_^|»
NORTH: to go by a sped*! steamer; FRBS
FARE; coma *<?• us.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
620 SacramentoSt, , 1w i
Cor. Leldesdorff. phon* Mam. UVU
TRY our men's shoes, union mad*. ** *A_5i£
pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50. or orthopedto
shoes. $3 60: best shoes on earth. " _™**
St.. Examiner building. 5 doors from Marim.
MAN to take orders and deliver: wa««s $60.
Send application and particulars to box
1857. Call. __J,
WANTED— Office boy: gJv« refs.. also «*5f r **
ence. if any, and education. Box 1338. Calk
ERRAND boy with good recomtnendaUon*.
ROOERSON'B. 635 Valencia st ;
FOR SALE— Best one chair barber shop la
city; no rent Inquire 18 Franklin at.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 p_n
foot-form shoes at $2 60; ws pay expres»_or
mall charges. 11 Third st. Examiner hld>>
WANTED — Man to go short dtatanc* from th»
city; one who has a general knowledge or
dry goods, fancy goods, cloaks and suits;
state age. experience and salary «xpeote<"i.
Apply box 1839. Call.
A BARGAIN— First-class barber shop, dotac a
.good business In business portion of Baa
Joso for sale;* good reason for selling-. Ad-
dress D. WHITE. 12 East Ean Fernando it,
San Jose. ' '
WANTED — Competent reliable salesman for
liquor store; good salary and prospect*. • xor
light party; state refs., age. nationality. Ad-
dress "W. J.." box 620. Bacramento.
BOOKBINDERS wanted: first-class Job ru>r.
also forwarder on plain blank work, etc
FRANK MALLOYE. 422 Sacramento St.
MANAGER boys* Juvenile department. 8. N.
WOOD & CO.. 740 Market st
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
mail charges. 11 Third st. Examiner bldg.
RELIABLE cash boys. 8. N. WOOD A CO..
740 Market st. ¦
WANTED— 2 Al boilermakers: permsjpent em-
ployment^ ¦
BOY wanted to take and deliver orders for
meat market. Apply 1221 Devlsadero st.
WANTED — Experienced book binders. Apply
SANBORN. VAIL & CO.. 741 Market st -
BOY in tin shop; learn trade; age 16 years.
533 Mission st -
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade; cata-
logue. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
mall charges. 11 Third st. Examiner bldg.
PICK hops In August: enjoyable. i healthful and
very profitable outing for man. women and
children. Call or write to E. CLEMENS
HORST CO.. 122 Battery st. San Francisco.
MEN to learn barber trade; only requires two
months to complete and secure positions;
catalogue and full particulars mailed fresv
Moler System Barber College. 635 Clay st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolktn. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 60 to $3 per week.
ELDERLY man to assist on light woodwork
and polishing. Box 1806. Call office. \
BAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
CCO MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoe*.
50c up: soling cheap. 023 Howard st. nr. 5th.
WANTED — Laborers, drillers, rockmen ant
rough carpenters for ditch and Sum* wot*.
Apply at office. Placervtlle. Cal.. or room 14,
26 Montgomery st. San Francisco Construc-
tion Co.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at 11 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 60; wo pay express or
mall charges. 11 Third st. Examiner bldg.
WANTED — For the U. S. Marine Corp*, able^
bodied, unmarried men. between 21' and 35;
good character; must speak, read and writ*
English; marines serve at sea en men-of-wa*
In all parts of the world, on land In oar Isl-
and possessions, and at naval stations In th*
United States. Apply at recruiting office, 40
Ellis st. San Francisco. Cal.: 2224 N. Main
St.. Los Angeles. Cal., and 401 K st, Sacra-
mento. Cal.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bull Is, room 40. Phelaa
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Po»tO,A-R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — "00 rooms. 35c night; reading room*;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fllhnort*.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half.
price. 663 Mission et. bet 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25o
to 60c. 663 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d st*.
HORSKSjASD WAOO5S. 0
CO HEAD of fresh dairy cows for sals at $70
per head. Address THOMAS A. MeCOT.
Gonzales. Monterey Co., Cal.
ON account of going to build, entire stock c*
wagons, buggies and harness must b* sold at
sacrifice. Corner 15th and Valencia sts.
CAMP wagons to let. with tents, cooking uten-
sils and everything complete. 2020 Polk st
RARE chance; 7 good horses; must to* sold.
327 Sixth st .
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camptag wacoa
and rocart for sale- chean. B32 Ml— tea st
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; «snd for
circular. G.H.UMBSEN — C0..14MonttOB— ry
323 CASTRO st. near 17th — 6 rooms and bath;
newly papered; $20.
HOUSE of 9 rooms, bath; large Tard. 2013
Bush st
HOUSE. 8 rooms and bath; 140 Carl a7_7 near
Cole. Rent. $37 60. :
BEFORE movlns; get oar printed list of houses]
to let. BALDWIN - HOWELL. 25 Post st.
PACIFIC ave.. 218L THE MCCARTHY c6Z
646 Market st.
7 ROOMS: house and bath; yard; marln» view.
lOig^—ombard st. ,
HOUSES TO LET— FUKIISHED.
BROADWAY furnished house of 9 rooms, be-
sides servants* quarters: convenient and mas;,
nlflcent view; owner desires reserved on*
bedroom: no children. Box 1865. Call ofgee..
A WELL furnished house, piano. 10 rooms;
very sunny; fine location: 1375 Masooio av*.
Apply MADISON & BURKE.
ELEGANTLY furnished house; 5 rooms, bata
and basement; piano: phone, gas. range, etc.;
nice location; rent $60 per mo. Box 1372. Call!
OCEAN boulevard — Furnished cottar*. $20;
also furnished car cottage. $10. B15B Taylor.
HOUSES TO 1«ET — SUBUJ_BA_f.
SANTA Cruz Mts.. boating, bathlnr. and fish-
ing; board or cottages. Address T. M. 6IL-
VEY. 630 Golden Gat* are., city.
HOUSES WA.NTEXX
FURNISHED house of 9 or 10 rooms, with
yard; tenant permanent if satisfied; stats
price and full particulars. Box 1883. Call.
LlVFRY STABLKS.
TOMKINSON'S livery stables. 57-60-61 Minna
St.. bet 1st and 2d — Vehicle* of every de-
scription for hire at most reasonable rate*;
cut rates for strangers. Telephone Main 153.
OFFICES ASP STORES TO LET.
HALF of stors tb let for millinery; fixtures for
S«Xl£. if-.— 1^1 1*3 Bl« - — -
DESK room, attorney preferred; $3 50. 453
STORE with large basement; near Kearny st.
See owner. 636 Clay st. room 1.
SAXSOME. 712. near Jackson— Handsome larg*
store to let cheap.
* . lroLP j 'WA!|TTBTP~M ALE-— Co— .
™^-^, N TO-DAT ~"~
SUNDAY.
MURRAY & READY.
634 and 630 Clay st.
PHONE MAIN 6848. PHONE MAIN B34S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
\ THIS 18 WHAT
* MADE US FAMOUS,
WE KNOW NO DISTINCTION BETWEEN
MAN AND MAN.
YOU ARE ALL EQAUL,
YOU ARE ALL WELCOME.
1002 We Gave 1903 We'll Give
45,000 Men Work. 60,000 Men Work.
WE SHIP YOU FREE TO ONE,
FREE TO-DAY. FREB TO ALL.
Ogden, Utah. All Parts Nevada,
Los Angeles County. Santa Barbara,
ChaUworth Park, Hawaiian Islands.
Santa Susana, Oregon.
San Fernando, Washington.
Los Angeles County, Central America.
Arizona. Wllllu. Uklah.
AND ALL POINTS NORTH. EAST. SOUTH.
INCLUDING OGDEN. UTAH.
Carpenters and helpers, pile driven, f tnce
builders, drillers, single, double and machine
men, corner and bench hands, muckers,
chuck tenders, car dumpers, teamsters, la-
borers, track men. cooks, waiters, engineers,
blacksmiths, etc., $5. $4, $3 60, $3. $2 60 and
$2 a day.
FREE FARE, FREB FARE. TREE FARE.
Everybody Talking. Thousands Going.
ARE TOUT ARE- TOUT ARE TOUT
MURRAT * READY.
634 ani C36 Pay st.
MIDNIGHT ORDERS BT
PH0XE TELEGRAPH and MAIL.
Steward, country hotel, $40 to $50 found.
Night cook. olty. $9.
Nurse. Bute- Institution. $25 found: second
cook. State institution. $30 found; young
- man about city paint store. $9.
LOOK I
Ratohet setter, Alles block. 23 M mill. $S3.
2 foremen, excavating, city Job, $3 day.
Tallyman, lumber company, boas hsre, $4 fd.
TRACTION ENGINEER, $3 DAT.
8 men. 4 hours' work dally. . $2 day.
8 boys, learn manufacturing trade, $1S-$2O
and found.
Cook, sawmill, few men, $35 and found.
2 hallboys. city hotel. $17 50 and found.
Bolderer for cans, country. 20o to 22J4o hour.
Blacksmith, camp, near city, S3 day.
Horseshoer, camp, fare UOo, $3 day.
ENGINEER, STEAM ROLLER, $3 day fd.
Cook, camp, city, few men. , $40 found.
6 Austrian laborers, free* far*,
8 tableman. Alameda Co., far* $1 80, *30 fd.
Blacksmith, Napa Co., $3 day.
BANKING SYNDICATE.
12 men among fruit, etc.. fare $L. $28 found.
LOOK!
Carriage setter, lumber company, boss here,
$3 1 5 day. '
6 laborers, gold mine, fare $3 60, $75 found.
Cook, Nevada, fare paid, $50 found,
fehingle sawyer, fare paid, north. $40 found.
Butcher, slaughter-house, fare $2.
Boy, printing office. $6; baker's helper, $30.
Teamster, sawmill company, far* paid,
north, $C0.
„ Choreman, city, private family. $35 found.
Z beam hands, tannery. $2 to $2 25 a day.
Janitor, city wholesale house, $40.
German-Swiss milker, fare paid. $35 found.
2 carpenters, factory, city. $3 a day.
Baker, 75c fare, shop, $45 and found
« track laborers, R. R.. fare 15c. board In
hotels. $2 25 a day, steady Job.
4 young men. city mill. $9 a week.
Budder. nursery, $40 and found; 2 milkers.
60c fare, $35.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st
~~~ TO PARADISE— BOSS HERE.
65 teamsters, laborers, $75.
65 drillers and hammersmen, $75.
. - OREGON — FREE FARE.
26 coal miners, $3 to $5 day.
FREE FARE FOR SOUTHERN PACIFIC
RAILROAD.
165 laborers, etc., different divisions. Includ-
ing Santa Barbara. San Luis Oblspo, Milton,
Farmlngton, Gilroy, Los Gatos.
TO OREGON.
26 laborers for a good mine, you'll suit $75.
GOLD AND SILVER.
COPPER AND COAL.
96 miners, single and double hand, some 8
hours, $85. $90.
16 tlmbermen. different Jobs. $90.
165 muckers, different Jobs, $75.
364 laborers, no experience required. $60.
TO QUARRIES AND TUNNELS.
2C5 drillers and bammersmen, $75, $85.
364 laborers, no experience required, $60,
$C7 60.
LABORERS AND TEAMSTERS.
655 laborers for all classes of work, including
factories,- excavating, buildings, mills, etc.
$2 60 and $2 day. located In San Francisco
and all parts of California.
TO HAY AND HARVEST FIELDS.
164 hay and harvest hands, $1 60, $1 73, $2
and $2 60 a day. /
TO ORCHARDS AND VINEYABJ3S.
263 general hands. 15 fruit pickers, $30 and
$35 and found.
TO DAIRIES AND HAT BALERS.
96 milkers, butter and cheese makers, $30,
$40 and $60 and found.
16 hay balers, 20c and 25c a ton.
STABLES AND PRIVATE RESIDENCES.
10 stablemen, city and country Jobs, $75, $70
and $60.
26 choremen. $40. $35. $30 and $35 and found.
MEN AND WIVES.
16 farmers and wives, different Jobs, $70,
$60, $50 and found.
4 cooks and wives, hotels, mines, sawmills,
etc.. $83. $60. $50 and found.
. 664 WOODCHOPPERS. TIEMAKER3.
Post, picket and shakes, also shingle bolt
makers. -
MECHANICAL HELP.
84 blacksmiths and helpers, city and coun-
try, 93 60, $3, $2 60, $2 day.
9 wagon and carriage makers, $3 60, $3 day.
12 carpenters, city and country Jobs, $4,
$3 CO, $3 day.
0 machinists for wineries and sawmills, free
fare, $50 and found.
15 coopera, lie; 5 carriage painters, $90; 6
brick molders, $3 60 day; plasterers, $5 60;
structural Iron workers.
12 bench hands" and pnpere *, fare $1, $2 23
to $3 60 day.
MURRAY A READY. C34-636 Clay st
HOTEL DEPARTMENT, ETC.
67 cooks, all over California. $90. $80. $75.
$60. $50. $40. $35 and found, for hotels,
mines, sawmills, camps, ranches, cafes, res-
taurants, saloons, harvest outfits etc.
15 waiters. $35. $40. $30 and found.
3*3 t>ot and dish washers. $35, $30, $20 and
found. »•
18 bell and elevator boys, porters, bedmakers,
$30 to '$15 and found.
12 laundrymen. all classes. $1S week up.
6 bakers and helpers. $35, $40. $30 and found.
Walter and dishwasher, same camp, $35 fd.
12 boys to learn trades.
MURRAY & READY. e34-63C Clay st.
YOUR FARES PAID "
TO 89 SAWMILLS.
WOODS, YARDS, ETC.
YOUR FARE PAID.
. Located In 4 States and 2 Territories.
869 laborers without any experience. $35 to
$70 and found.
67 men for planing mills.
16 full day crews for woods, mills; 9 right
crews for woods and mills.
120 men and boys for box factories, ete.
Wages $160, $100, $90, $S0. $70, $60, $50. $40
and found.
Everything from a swamper to an engineer.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
FREE FARE - TO FREE FARE
FRESNO.
25 laborers; call early; your railroad fare
FREE.
MURRAY & READY. 634-836 Clay st.
OREGON BOSS FARE PAID
HERB.
12 laborers. SAWMILL, $35 to $S0 and fd.
Trimmer; call early. FARE PAID.
2 rough carpenters, millwrights.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay st.
LOOK! . NORTH I
GOING NORTH!
25 laborers, big lumber company, fare paid,
$30 to $80 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
FARB TRUST. FARB
Manager here; see him to-day.
45 laborers, no experience wanted. $35 to $80
and 'found. \ .
. Swa.mper3. line pullers, bakers, tree fellers.
sawyers. Jack screwers. $40 to $80 and found;
big lumber company.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay st.
BIO LUMBER SYNDICATE. ~~ ~~~
Located In Heart of Gold Mines.
2 Dolbeer loggers. $90: millwright. $100
3 spool tenders. $60; 2 log loaders. $60." '
8 buckers. $55; 5 two-horse teamsters $60.
10 laborers to pile lumber. $150; 8 swampers
$35 and found; machinist. $30; blacksmith'
little shoeing. $90: blacksmith helper $67 60-
blacksmith helper, woods. $67 60; man to
handle loss on deck. $67 60. board, etc.. 45c
a MURRAY & READY. 631-638 Clay "jj.'. ¦'¦
Al SIDE line; something n«w; pocket sample
case; good seller; good commissions: trade
only. Box 1493, Butte, Montana. \
RELIABLE boy abourf 16. wholesale hous«-
$4 M etart. Apply PAUL RIEGER, 161
First st. *
THE P.etaluma Courier wants an all-round
printer; one who can print; no other need
apply.
BEDMAKER wanted at the New Adelaide, 614
Howard st. - .
WANTED — Two lining and trimming cutters
Nolan's Shoe Factory, 541 Market st
PLUMBERS' helpers wanted. Apply at 1711
Polk st. Monday. 7:30 a. m. ¦
PHOTOGRAPHIC retoucher wanted at once.
3C8 Twelfth sty Oakland.
CIVIL service Government positions — Examina-
tions soon; hundreds whom we prepare are
annually appointed; catalogue of information
free. Columbian Correspondence Collc-e
Washington. D. C. .
WANTED — Young man from 16 to 18 years
" of age to learn the dry goods business. Ap-
¦ ply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BRO3.
WANTED— Cash boys. ' Apply between 0 and
11 a. m. at HALE BROS.
_ HELP WAA'TEH-FEMALB— Con. .
A GIRL for general housework and cooking In
a small family; $20; reference required. Call
from 9 to 12. 1404 O'Farrell st. ¦¦--¦--¦¦
OPERATORS ON SHIRTS AND OVERALLS.
STANDARD FACTORY. CORNER GOUGH
AND GROVE BTS.
WANTED— Office assistant familiar with
figures; steady position; give references. " ex-
perience and wages expected. Box 18S7. Call.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter for mer-
¦ cant lie office; please state age and wages
desired. Box 1878. Call office.
GIRLS for factory work; good wages; no ex-
perience necessary; steady employment.
Gulf Bag Co., 700-711 Front st
WANTED — Experienced feeder on ruling ma-
chine. Apply SANBORN, VAIL & CO.. 741
Market st. •* / ¦ ¦
NTJRSEGIRL over 16 to assist with baby:
Bleep home; wages $15; references. 621
O'Farrell st. .
REFINED woman for position of trust with
wholesale house; references required. Box
1800. Call. .
WANTED— Girl for light hbusework; rood
wages. Apply to-day, 80 Carl st. nr. Col*.
A GIRL wanted In photograph gallery. Address
box 1841. Call.
TOUNO woman for generafiiounework : good
cook. Call mornings at 2016 Vallejo st
Wholesale house requires services of woman
over 25; accurate, trustworthy. Box 1871, Call.
NEAT appearing girl for office work; $6 per
week. 1179. Howard st, . corner Eighth st
BOOKFOLDERS — Experienced and appren-
tlces. Apply at 410 Bansome st
FIRST-CLASS makers wanted. MRSv 8. R.
HALL. 10 Kearny st
FIRST-CLASS trimmer; city experience; good
salary. MRS. S. R. HALL. 10 Kearny st
LADIES can make from $10 to $30 weekly at
home. Box 1894. Call office.
LADY to do repairing In tailor store. Call
2440 Sacramento st.
YOUNG lady In picture frame store: $3 week
to start . Cal. Frame Co.. 927 Howard st
TOUNO Blight lady to pose In portrait cos-
tume. Box 1895. Call.
GIRLS TO RIVET OVERALLS: BTEADT
WORK: PAID WHILE LEARNING.
LEVI STRAUSS * CO..
"Mtt FREMONT ST.
APPLT TO MR. DAVI8.
AT OUR NEW FACTORT, 1873 MISSION BT^.
NEAR FIFTEENTH, SEWING MACHINE
OPERATORS ON OVERALLS WANTED,
INEXPERIENCED PAID SALARY WHILE
LEARNING ;OPEIUTORS AND RIVRTEKS
ALSO WANTED AT OUR MAIN FACTOR*.
S2"4 FREMONT ST. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.
APPLY TO MR. DAVIS.
GIRLS FOR FACTORT WORK; GOOD
WAGES; PAID WHILE LEARNING ;
STEADY EMPLOYMENT; APPLT AT
AMES & HARRIS.
100 SACRAMENTO ST.
A — OPERATORS on ladies' underwear; good
wages; steady position. I. MAGNIN & CO..
G60 Mission st
A— OPERATORS wanted 'on ladies* waists;
good wages: steady employment 656 MIs-
sion St.. I. MAGNIN & CO.
A — OPERATORS wanted on children's and In-
fants' wear: steady position; good wages. L
MAGNIN & CO.. G5tt Mission st
BOOKBINDERY girls wanted; experienced
hands on blank work; also girls to learn.
FRANK MALLOYE. 422 Sacramento st.
WANTED — Al cloak saleslady; first-class and
permanent position. Apply or address
GOLDEN GATE CLOAK HOUSE. 1230 Mar-
ket st.
A— Practical Millinery School, estab. 14 years;
terms easy. 816 0'Faxrell. for. 1000 Van Ness.
TAILOR system .' M. E. FLYNN
Dressm'k'g. ladles' tailoring, r. 130, 1230 Mkt.
WANTED — Experienced girl for chamberwork
and waiting; no sweeping. 1145 Bush st.
OPERATORS and finishers on men's white
shirts. ROGERSON'S. 635 Valencia st
WHOLESALE house desires services of ma-
ture woman. Intelligent and with business
experience; no office work. Box 1S57. Call.
EXPERIENCED alteration hands on ladles'
tailor-made suits; steady position. Cloak
department. M. FRIEDMAN & CO.. 237 Post
GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall season:
trade taught from start to finish In 1 month
for $10; positions guaranteed at $10 per week
up. French School. 143 Stockton at., rm. 13.
PICK hops in August; enjoyable, healthful and
very profitable outing for men, women and
children. Call or write E. CLEMENS
HORST CO.. 122 Battery st. San Francisco.
ITALIAN lady who can speak English wanted
to travel. Apply Girls' Directory. Central
ave. and Waller st.
WANTED — Neat, reliable girl; good cook. Ap-
ply mornings, S6C8 Twentieth st. 1
WOMAN wanted to cut ladles' waists. Apply,
between 10 and 11. 43 Ellis st
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
]HELP\VA^TJED— M ALE.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
69 Third st, nr. Call bide ; phone Bush 403.
FREE FARE.
NEVADA AND UTAH
8. P. CO.'S OWN WORK.
600 laborers, $1 75 to $2 25 a day.
100 section men In all parts of California.
- WE SHIP DAILY.
CHATSWORTH PARK TUNNEL.
FREE FARE. FREE FARE.
10 tunnelmen, $3 a day.
MENDOCINO CO.— CASPAR. *
BIG LUMBEIl CO.
10 tunnel men. $2 75 a day
10 muckers and teamsters $2 25 a day
ID laborers $2 00 a day
10 men for mills and yards. $30 to $60 a
month and board. FREE FARE.
Jop printer, city $3 a day
Concrete foreman $5 a day
CAL. EMP. AGENCY, 59 Third St.
IRONMOLDER, country, $3 day: farmer and
wife, $40 and found; farmers. $20 and $30 and
found; 4 milkers, $30 and $35 and found; man
about place. $25 and found; old man to care
for place. $5 and found; butter-maker, $40
and found: choreboy, $12 and found; stable-
man for country. $35 and found; blacksmith
helpers. $2 and $2 60 day; washer, country
laundry.' $46 and board; 2 manglem, $25 and
board; 10 miners, $2 50 and $3 day; laborers,
for mine: sawyers; saw filer, $3 day; quarry-
men, $2 25 day; cooks, waiters, dishwashers,
porter for resort, $20 and found, and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., C28 Sacramento st
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Second cook, $C0; night bellboy, $25; waiter.
$30. Open Sunday, 9 to 11:30 a. m.
WANTED — Solicitors, men or women employed
. preferred, ' write Investment contracts for us!
we Day liberal commission and furnish best
contract on the market; we are about to es-
tablish a new series here and want your
help. Write International Credit Company,
Trust bldg., Los Angeles, Cal.
. *
OPERATORS ON, CASSIMERBv PANTS;
STOCK WORK. STANDARD FACTORY,
COR. GOUGH AND GROVE STS.
ABLE manager for branch office to be opened
by local corporation; liberal salary and ex-
penses to right man; cash security required
for stock furnished. Address, with refei-
ences, box 1SSS. Call.
TRAVELING salesman for Calif, to sell re-
tail trade; attractive, salable line; established
• high J rated . house. Box 17, Detroit, Mich.-.
WANTED — A traveling. man who is familiar
¦ with thecrocery Jobbing trade or selling
starch on the coast: reference required. Ap-
ply W. R. REYNOLDS, Palace Hotel, Tues-
day .morning, July 21.
GOVERNMENT positions — Examinations soon;
applicants prepared by mall. . Write to Dept
¦ M.. Polytechnic Business College, Oakland,
Cal., for free information. ;
WANTED everywhere— Hustlers to tack signs,
distribute circulars, samples, etc. ; no can-
vassing; good ray. Sun Advertising Bureau,
Chicago.- -¦-¦•- ¦¦'.•¦ ¦:,.-¦
BOY for office, about 14; deliver letters; must
have recommendations. . : Call Monday morn-
ing, 8 o'clock. 320 California st.,;room 3. '•
WANTED — An experienced salesman for Jcw-
• elry. State experience, etc. Answer box
1S89. Call office. .,;¦.-¦¦..
WANTED — A bookbinder ¦¦ for ¦ all round work
' in forwarding . and finishing. Apply SAN-
BORN. VAIL & CO. 741 Market st '
LICENSED druggist Apply 410 Kearny st,
:. room 22.1 at .2 ,p.; m. ., -, ....
WANTED— Boy for office work; 15 years old.
sor; Market st, room 24 (Phelan building-).
» . i DT-IHQ AND C-EA-T-flrCr.
SEA - breezes sweeten - all garments, blankets,
lace curtains, etc.. done by. the Presidio
Heights Dye Works, 3915 Sacramento; phone
for wagoi, ''Vest 453. H. HICKMAN. pres.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE,
conducted by experts; best combined short-
hand, and . commercial course to be had; ln-
dorsed by official court reporters. -vl382 Mkt
AYRES, the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket st; special summer course in all depart-
ments: handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ship, $50; day and evening sessions. ¦
DANCING— Prof. Drew's studio of society
dancing, culture of graces. 36 - Geary st,
room 43; ladles' and gentlemen's private in-
struction; reception dally; phone Black 37.w.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electrldty,24 Post
st, S.F.; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment Special catalogue free.
THE Berlitz School of Languages has removed
to 1000 Van Ness ave.; rates reduced during
summer. Send for catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln., mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A SUMMER school of shorthand and bookkeep-
ing; enroll now and be ready for position In
* fall.' 8. F. Business College. 1230 Market st
SYSTEM, discipline and results; the Golden
Gate Commercial College; Van News and
Golden Gate aves..S.F.;flIIs every requirement
WANTED— By an experienced teacher to In-
struct pupils who are prevented from regular
attendance at school. Address box 2530, Call.
SPANISH and English taught; oral and writ-
ten translations from and into either lan-
guage. . PROF. MAYA. 427 Sutter st.
SPANISH Academy — Professor Arribas; classes
day and evening; private lessons. 834 Sutter.
LESSONS given in Water Color or Oil Palnt-
ing from Nature. ' CURRIER. 372 Sutter st
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc., day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 MIsslon.nr.6th.
Chlcngo Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Pittman shorthand, typing, bookkpg. $9 mo.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st, B. F.;
founded 1SC3; new 80-page catalogue free.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 rages, in wrapper, for m»IHnr. $1 per year.
FINANCIAL.^
COMPANIES incorporated and financed; stock
and bond Issues guaranteed, underwritten and
sold; stock accepted for services. Send for
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATE3
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post.
BANK DEPOSITORS sending names and ad-
dresses will receive, free, valuable lnforma-
tlon. Box 2555. Call office.
FLATS TO LET. '
HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list; ser-
vice absolutely free; take advantage of this
. department; It will save you time and trouble.
Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary st. on
, the square.
CALL and get a printed list of flats and
houses to let; something new every day: we
i will find what you want LYON & HOAG,
110 Montgomery st
PARK fiats; new; elegantly finished: on Sec-
ond ave. and C st, one block to McAllister
cars; '6 room*. 6 rooms. 7 room*. 10 room*;
$25 to $45; sunlight all around: open.
A MODERN sunny lower flat, 5 rooms, bath;
near Park entrance. 1708 Waller st ; rent
$22 50.
CORNER Scott and Fulton; new 7 r. and b.,
$42 50 and $35; 0 large r. and b., $50; sun
all day.
ELEGANT modern flat, 10 rooms; 2 baths;
rent $00: 841 Hyde st. near Sutter. Mc-
AFEE BROS., 103 Montgomery st
BAKER, 743-745-747— Lower, middle, upper
flats, 0-6-7 rooms; new; modern: sunny.
CALIFORNIA 2S2C— Sunny side, 8 rooms, etc.;
finest flat In city for $45. That's all.
FLAT, 7 rooms and bath: sunny; convenient;
suitable for doctor. 624 Green st.
GREENWICH. 2727— Upper; sunny; tt rooms;
new; marine view; $25; open.
NICE 7-room flat; new: -tinted; reasonable. .447
Broderlck st., bet Hayes and Fell.
NICE, sunny upper flat. 6 rooms and bath.
1730 Ellis et.. near Stelner.
$25 — 5 ROOMS; modern, sunny, marine view.
1330 Union st. *
THREE and four room sunny flats; rent $7
to $11. 2 Hayward st. oft Harrison; nr. 8th.
TO LET— Flat of 4 rooms; 1897 O'Farrell.
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post st
$11 — LOWER flat. 4 sunny rooms. 27 Pearl
st. off Market, between Valencia & Guerrero.
FLATS TO LET— -FURNISHED.
COME out to-day and see "El Monterey." A
handsome new brick apartment house Just
completed; of "Old Spanish Mission" archi-
tecture: located on the north elde of Pine
st. between Hyde and Leavenworth; equip-
ped with every modern convenience for re-
fined housekeeping; electric elevators and
electric llRhts; hot and cold water; Janitor
service; gas ranges' etc.; the apartments
consist of three and four rooms, furnished
and unfurnished, and range In price from $30
per month upward; apartments may bs en-
gaged now on the premises; visitors will be
welcome to-day.
CHATTANOOGA. 161. cor 23d— Furnished
flat, 4 rooms; complete for housekeeping;
bath; gas range; cars pass door; $20 month.
COMFORTABLY furnished sunny 5-room flat
to let from August 1 for three months or
more; $30 per month. Address box 1884, Call.
A FLAW to rent and new furniture for rale;
bargain. 1553 Post st; inquire forenoon.
A BEAUTIFULLY furnished flat to rent; 6
rooms; no children. 1617 Page st.
FOR sale — $50; furniture, flat 3 rooms; Gough
st. Box 1802, Call.
FLATS WANTED.
FAMILY of four adults wants 8-room house or
flat in vicinity of Panhandle; rent $35. Ad-
dress box 1S34. Call office.
WANTED — Furnished flat or cottage of from T
to 10 rooms; willing to pay good price for
desirable location. Answer box 1822, Call.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
PART furniture 8-room house for sale: very
reasonable; tenant vacates Tues. 766 Bryant.
EIGIIT-room house newly furnished cheap; go-
Ing away. 1433 Mission st
FURNITURE WANTED.
A WOLLPERT, 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets,
JHEIJWAXTED- FEillALE^
WANTED — Cook. Menlo Park, $30; 8 cooks.
.$30; cook. Children's Home. $40; laundress
for springs, $40; head waitress, city, $35;
, housework, 2 family, country. $35; 6 hotel
\ waitresses. $20-$25. city and country; 2 walt-
fresses for first-class cafe, $8 60 week, day off;
! housework. Ross Volley, $30; chambermaid
and waiting, city and country, $25; com-
panion old lady, $20; 5 nurse girls. $15. $20,
$25; nurse for Institution. $20; Al cook on
rr.nch, $:fO; large number of house girls,
city and country, to call Monday; places too
many to ad%'«rtise. Apply to J. F. CRO-
. SETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st
TWO youne ladles for street fair In Santa
Cruz, wages $2 per day; a parlor maid and
waitress, $30; two young second girls for city,
- $25 each; two waitresses for city, $25 each;
two waitresses for city, $20 each; ¦ a first-
class cook, $50; a kitchen maid for institu-
tion, $35; n waitress for Institution, $25; a !
refined ' nurse, $25. MISS PLUNKETT, 425
Sutter st, near Powell. '
LADIES wanted to take up our silverware club
offer; nothing to sell, canvass or to write; no
•capital reeded; the newest, best and most
. honorable, genteel opportunity to secure a
- handsome 3U-piece set of fine table silver-
ware; latest pattern; prepaid for only $1 60;
illustrated particulars free. The U. S. Sllver-
ware Co.. Wllkesbarre, Pa.
HAIRDRESS1NG, manicuring, massage, hair
work; remc-val of superfluous hair taught
from A to 2 In 2 weeks for $1 50; positions
* guaranteed: $10 to $20 per week; school day
' and eve. 233 Geary, r. 13: maids prepared.
IIAIRDHESSING, manicuring, massage, scalp
. treatment, hair work, removal of superfluous
hair; $5 2 weeks; day and eve; class; waBea.
$10 to $20 wk. 1230 Market, cor. Jones, r. 9t.
FEW more girls to operate on shirts or over-
alls; best of prices paid: steady, work guar-
anteed; Inexperienced hands taught and paid
while learning. Apply 631 Mission st.
LADIES to do piecework home; we furnish all
materials and pay from $7 to $12 weekly.
Send stamped ' envelope to Royal . Co., 34
Monroe st., Chicago. ¦ - ,
AN | experienced I stenographer for I mercantile
house; salary $00. Apply L. & M. ALEX-
ANDER (Typewriter Dealers), 110 Montgom-
ery St. . ¦ ¦ ••¦ ' ¦¦¦"'¦ " * ¦ ¦¦:
WANTED — Experienced saleslady for art em-
broidery; must thoroughly • . understand
matching embroidery^ silks. -Apply . Superin-
tendent's Office, The Emporium.
"WANTED— Reliable t business : woman for' re-
eponslble position ; one wilh some -knowledge
of massage preferred. Box 18S0, Call olflce.
$20 A 100 WRITING letters home. Send ad-
dressed envelope Electric Remedy Co.,,D*«pf
. 101. 255 S. Michigan' st. South Bend. Ind. .
CHOCOLATE dipper; steady; short hours; good
pay. 638 Washington st
HONEST Protestant -girl for housework. cook-
Ing; family of 2; about $20. 2224 Jackson st.
MEBTIXG KOTICRS-. — Continued.
AN Interesting programme for Ex- .jfiJWJKto..,
celFlor Lodse N'o. 310 and brother
Odd Fellows. Excelsior Hall, -i.J'i^5"fcj S *|J
Mission st. bet Nineteenth and **WR"t»»-
Twentieth. MONDAY EVENING. July 20. A
good attendance U
MYRTLE Lodge No. 42. A. O. U. W. ,^<t>>
Officers and members are notified tOfivS^
attend the funeral of our deceased VffiS^
brother. GEOIiGB H. WILLIAMS, *-Cg^
THIS DAY. at 2 p. a., from Red Men's
Hall, S20 Post st.
WM. E. BOUTON. Recorder.
REBEL Cork Benevolent Association fc^f^Vi
will hold Its 17th annual picnic In \.v\jf
Shell Mound Park, Berkeley, on JftWfl
SUNDAY. August 2. 1903. Numir-jf^J
ous gate and game prises. A Domes- «M_6
tic sewing machine will be given for a first
gate prize; now on exhibition at 1021 Mar-
ket st. A first-class union band will be In
attendance. Don't forget the date as this
is th«» picnic of the season — Sunday, Au-
gurt 2. P. DEASY. Chairman.
J. CRONIN. Secretary. '
THE 25th annual target ehoot and v-^Rjy-^
picnic of the Austrian Military and Hy_yj3
Benevolent Aisoclation will be held v%ROT
at Glen Park. SUNDAY. July 19. A *T3*>
feature of the picnic will be a bar-
becue in Austrian style, of which all are
Invited to partake. Numerous gate prizes
will be distributed. A special car for park
for members and friends will leave Twelfth
and Market sts. at 10:20 a. m. The famous
Austrian Band haa been engaged for the oc-
casion. All Market-tt. car* transfer to park.
Enjoyment for old and r™» QMMITTE^
ANNUAL MEETINO — The regular annual
meeting of the stockholders of th* Bpreck-
els Bugar Company will be held at the offlc*
of the company. *27 Market st. Ban Fran-
cisco, on MONDAY, the 27th day of July.
1903. at the hour of 11 a. m.. for the pur-
pose of electing a board of directors to serve
for the ensuing year and for the transaction
of such other business as may ccro* before
the meeting. The transfer books will close
on Friday, July 24, 1903, at 3 p. m.
W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING — Th* regular annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Monterey
County Water Company will be held at the
ofnee of the company. 827 Market et.. San
Francisco, on MONDAY, the 27th day of
July 1903 at the hour of 11:30 a. m., for
the purpose of electing a board of directors
to 6en-e for the ensuing year and for the
transaction cf such other business as may
come before the meeting. The transfer
books will close on Friday. July 24. 1903, at
3 p. m. W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting— The Rlsdon Iron and Lo-
comotive Works — The anual meeting of the
stockholders of the Rlsdon Iron and Loco-
motive Works, for the election of trustees
lor the ensuing year and the transaction of
such other business as may be brought be-
fore the meeting, will be held at the office
of the company. No. 298 Steuart street San
Francisco, on MONDAY, the 3d day of Au-
gust, 1903, at 11 o'clock a. m.
AUGUSTUS TAYLOR, Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having
received application to mine, by hydraulfo
process from F. W. McLean in Hampton
placer mine, on McRea Ridge. Plumas
Co.. Cal.. draining into Nelson Creek.
which reaches middle for* of Feather Riv-
er, gives notice that a meeting will be held
at room 96 Flood bldg.. San Francisco, Cal.,
July 27. 1903.- at 1:30 p. m.
AGEXTS WANTED.
WANTED — Man of ability, energy and push a*
general agent for this company writing In-
vestment contracts; will entablish of nee and
pay liberal salary and also commission to
good man. Write, giving references, expe-
rience. International Credit Co., Trust bldg.,
Los Angeles. Cal. _^_^
"SCHEMES and Fake* of America"— A good
book for agents, mall order dealers and oth-
ers; knowledge is cheaper than Ignorance
every time, sometimes twice; send lOo for a
copy: do It now. PACIFIC BOOK CO.. 12O
Sutter st. Dept. C, San Francisco, Cal.
AGENTS wanted — Reliable firm wishes to cor-
respond with honest, upright person to act
as representative for sale of new invention:
new plan; sample and complete Instruction*
for 10c. KIRSTEIN CO., desk 20, P. O.
box 138. Cincinnati. Ohio.
BEGIN business for yourself; stop working for
others; we start you in profitable mall order
business at your home; pleasant work; lm-
roenee profits; unlimited possibilities; full in-
formation for stamp. FRANKLIN-HOWARD
CO.. Denver, Colorado.
AGENT — To sell easy-going article for first-
class firm at commission or for a steady sal-
ary; any person of good address can make
good wages without risk: no knowledge of
the business required. Apply Rlalto bldg.,
rooms 405-407.
AGENTS wanted — Portrait agents; 16x20 frame,
glass, back, mat and portrait complete. F. O.
B. Chicago, 72c; no extra for groups. CHI-
CAGO COPY CO.. 447 Ogden ave.. Chicago.
WANTED — Local agents in cities and towns
of California and Oregon; large salary as-
sured; bonds required. Playa Vicente Plan-
tation Co.. 723 Market st, 8. F.. Cal.
WANTED — Agents can make $10 a day selling
the Magic Gas Lighter in every city where
artificial gas Is used. f?Qpprlor Mfg. Co., In-
dianapolis, Ind.
$5 TO (10 per day easily made selling our Per-
fection Flavoring Powders: agents wanted.
Long Bros., Mfrs., 950 Broadway, Oakland.
WANTED — First-class company promoter of
unquestioned Integrity. Address 'Box 1800,
Call office.
WANTED — First-class experienced solicitor.
Address box 1308. Call office.
. ASTROLOGY.
Attrology taught horoscopes ca*t Prof. Ray-
mond bcokstore.649 EHls. By mall If desired.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ROBT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid.,
rm. Cll; all cases, damages, estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc.; consultation
free; no advance charges; call or write;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
PROMPT attention to all case*;dlvorce. estates,
collections; ao fees unless successful; call or
write; eves. Tues. and Fri.: est 15 yrs. ED-
WARD ACKLEY. 927 Market; tel Jessie 1530.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost in meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probate and all other law
cases; no fees in advance; open «very even-
ing. J. M . THURSTON. 819 Market st. r. 31.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty :qulck.qulet;
no charge without success; established 15 yrs.
O. W. HOWE. 1122 Market st. opp. Hale's.
AITKEN & AITKEN. atttorney*. rs. 309-10-11
Clunle bldg.. 603 California st: tel. Main 727.
WICK MATTHEWS, attorney at law. 632 Mar-
ket st. room 23; legal advice; bank ref*.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
cases: open evgs. W.W.Davidson, 927 Market
L. 3. CLARK, Emma Epreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket st; consultation free; no fe»g in advance.
DIRDS, DOGS, ETC.
XOCMC talking parrotg.$5 each;German singing
canaries. $2; we will try to please you; every-
thlng in our line at right prices. 1540 Market.
UOARUIAG FOR CUILL#HEN.
NICE home for Infants or children by one who
loves them. 1618 Prince st.. Berkeley.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
WARNING n
To the
Investing Publics.
We announce the completion of oar
Wonderful Ditching and Dredging Machine.
which will do the work of hundreds of men
and horses, • . "
On or about July 20th.
Upon its completion no stock will be offered
for less than $1 per share. Until then a few
¦bares remain to be sold at 60c. for cash or in-
stallments. Persons desiring to see this
Marvel . of mechanical ingenuity
can do so by calling at the offices of th*
NATIONAL DITCHING & DREDGING CO..
601-602-603 Examiner Building.
PARTNER in established real estate office-
good opening for ri*ht man; small capital re-
qulred. EDWARDS. 831 Kearny. room 12.
A LITTLE STORY OF A BIO SUCCESS.
How $100 made $1000 In thirty days; mailed
free: no horse racing, oil wells nor gold
mines. F. G. HOGAN & CO.. Commerce
bldg., Chicago. 111.
PROSPEROUS hardware and plumbing, busi-
ness for sale In a thriving dairy and fruit
irrigated district In San Joaquln Valley docs
$20,000 business annually; monthly payments;
work for 4 men in shop; a good opportunity
for an active man. For particulars addrexs
McAFEE BROS.. 10S Montgomery st, San
Francisco, Cal. •
$_i EARNS $10 In 13 days; write for partlcu-
lars and agencies. RICHARDS & CO.. Mac
Intyre bldg.. 874 Broadway. New York.
A FINE candy store and factory for sale; good
money-maker: excellent location. Particulars
box 1877. Call. . ¦ ¦
WANTED— Machinist as partner with $S0O In
machine shop and automobile business. Box
1S91. Call office. , ¦
FOR sale — Grocery and bar; 4 living rooms;
cheap rent. Inquire Jackson Brewery.
$000 — GROCERY, fruit and produce store* a
dandy; $17 dally trade.-- 1032 Market, r. 4.
FOU'SALE — Daily newspaper route in Califor-
nia, town of • 25.000; -pays well; clean work.
Address M. J. T., Call office. «
HAIRDKESSING parlors; cheap; value In sight;
good location; retiring. 1153 Mkt, bet.7th-Mh.
. CHtRCII SERVICES. r
CENTRAL aicthoditt Episcopal Church. Mis-
sion «t.. bet. 6lxth and Seventh; Arthur H.
BrUrgs and Herbert F. Brtggs. pastors— 9 :3O
a. m.. Eabbaxh-school, Rolla V. Watt, super-
intendent; 11 a. m. sen-ice and sermon by
Rev. Arthur II. Brl«s; subject. 'The Law
of Harvest"; 7:30 p. m.. concert Pro-
gramme: Overture. "King Midas" (Eilen-
iK-rg). orchentra: cornet solo. "The Guardian
Angel" «Gounod). Dr. Callender. with or-
chestra; vocal solo. "Eye Hath Not Seen
diaul), Ml*f Phlla E. PetUs; paraphrase.
"Melody in F" (Rubinstein), orchestra; vlo-
llne solo, "Berceuse* (Godard). Charles E.
Rob*on; recessional march iGounod). or-
chestra; 8 p. m.. sermon by Dr. Adrian Hof-
neyr of South Arrica; eubject "The Kaffirs
snd Their Religion." The Seats are free.
Th* people are v-.-elcome.
CALIFORNIA-ET. Methodist Church, corner
CaJI'orma and Broderick sts. — "He Caretn
for You" will be the subject of th* sermon
by Rev. Clarence Reed at 11 a. m.; ' )\' in
Ood In the Mountains" will be the subject
at 7:48 p. m. J. H. Hallowell. chorister^ and
organist. Sunday-school, 8:45 a. m.: It. <~
Baktr. superintendent Epworth League.
<J:45 p. m. ; J. H. Northon, president Strang-
ers are especially Invited to the services of
the church.
6IMPRON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner Have* and Buchanan *t*.—
Rev. Joha Stephens, the pastor, will preacn
at 11 a. to. on "What Is ChrUtlan Love 7
and at 7:45 p. m. on •"Lessons of a Vacation
Trip." Eunday-school at 12:30 p. m.; C , B.
Perkins, superintendent Epworth League
at 6:45 p. m: Dr. R. O. Moody, president A.
cordial welcome at all service* of the churcn.
ST. JOHN'S Presbyterian Church, corner Cali-
fornia and Octavia *t*.— Rev. George G. Eld-
redge, paetor. Morning service at 11 o clock.
Evening service at 7:45 o'clock. Rev. John
T. Thomas, pastor of Howard Church, will
conduct the services and preach both morn-
ing and evening. Sunday i-chool at 9:45 a.
m. Christian Endeavor Society, vacation.
Prayer meeting Wednesday evening at 6
o'clock.
FIRST Presbyterian Church, Van Nes* ave.
and Bacramento st; Rer. William Kirk
Outhrle. pastor — Services at 11 a. m. and
7:45 p. m. Rev. C. O. White will preach at
both services. Eabbath-school at 12:30 p. m.
Christian Endeavor at 6:15 p. m. Wednesday
cvenlns prayer-meeting at b o'clock. All are
cordially Invited.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner of
Jackson and Fillmore eta.; Rev. John Hemp-.
bllL D.D., pastor— Morning service at 11
o'clock; sermon topic, "God's Purple as
Seen tn History." Evening sen-ice at 7:45
o'clock; eirraan torte. "Spiritual Strength
end How to Get It." The pastor will preach
fit both eervices. Sabbath-school at 0:.*H>
a. m. Chrtrtian Endeavor meeting at «J:30
p. m. Praycr-meetlng Wednesday evening at
8 o'clock. All are cordially invited.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Poet and
Mason sts. — Rev. George C. Adams, D. D..
pastor. Rev. C. S. Nesh. D. D.. will preach
nt both services. At 11 a. m.. topic, "Jesus'
Judgment of Men." At 7:45 p. m.. topic,
"Friends of Jesus." AH are cordially lnvltel.
THIRD CongTeirEtional, 15th near Mission —
Itev. Georjre 11. de Kay will preach at 11
a. m. en "Life Thro* Death and Death in
Living." and at 7:45 p. m. on "Receiving
Christ" Peats free and every on* welcome.
UNITARIAN Church (Second), corner Twenti-
eth and Capp sts. — Rev. Jay William Hud-
son, minister, residence 000 Capp st; W. C.
Maxwell, superintendent of Sunday-school.
The Sunday-school Is et 9:45 o'clock; morn-
ing service. 11 o'clock. Mr. Hudson will
preach on "Vacation Notes in the Moun-
tains." Music by orchestra and choir; Ja-
Msh Clement, director. No evening service.
TRINITT Church. Bush and Gough sts. —
Services 7:30 n. m.. holy communion; i*:30
sl. m.. Sunday 6chool; 11 o'clock, morning
service ar.d holy communion; 4 o'clock, even-
ing prayer. Rev. Clefton Macon will preach
at both sen-ices. All are welcome.
FIRST Baptist Church. 320 Eddy st — Preach-
ing by the P-ev. Howland Hanson of Belolt
Wis., at 11 a. m. on "The Tragedy cf a Dol-
lar Sign." and at 7:30 p. m. on "The Ethical
Deadline." Rlbie school at 12:30. Y. P. S.
O. E .at e-.ZO. Prayer meeting Wednesday
a* 7:45 p. m. Seats free and all Invited.
FIRST Church cf Christ Scientist Central
block. 223 Sutter st, bet. Kearny and Grant
ave. — Chrirtlan Science sen-ice at 11 a. m.;
subject of lesson-sermon. "Truth." Sunday
pthool for children at the same hour; Wed-
nesday everlnr meeting at 8 o'clock; free
reading room. 206 Kearny et. rooms 609-510;
• II are welcome.
A GREAT union mass meeting of men and
women will close the Jubilee celebration of
the Young Men's Christian Assocatlon. Ma-
son and Ellis .^ts., this (Sunday) afternoon
at 3 o'clock. The Hawaiian Msle Chorus
trill sing and the Association orchestra will
play. Short addresses will be made by sev-
eral clergymen and laymen. The public in-
vited. Beats free to all.
THE Theosophieal Society. Golden Gate Lodge
— Free public lectures evtry Sunday, 8 p. m..
Flood building. 809 Market st. Subject to-
night, "Radium, the New Element; Its Na-
ture and Properties." by Will C. Bailey. M.
D.. Ph.D. Open discussion meetings Satur-
days, k p. m. Library and reading-room
open daily. 1 to 4 p. m. v
THE Theosophieal Society — San Francisco
branch headquarters Odd Fellows* building.
Public lecture at 8 p. m. by Dr. Mary C
PJumb; subject, "Heredity and Karma."
Lotus Group, ll a. m. ; study class, Thurs-
day, 2:30 p. m,
VAN NESS ave.. fiOft— Hermetic Brotherhood:
Thursday evening, open meeting. 8 o'clock:
we are glad always to see our friends and
all seekers for truth.
____________
DR. ALEXANDER J. McIVOR-TYNDALL de-
livers popular psychological lectur* to-night
Btelnway Hall. 223 Butter ft; subject "Uf*
Secrets." Telepathy and thought transfer-
ence demonstrations foltow.
MME. YOUNG'S convtndwr test circle to-
night; 10c 619 McAllister: come, skeptics:
developing circle Wednesday nlrbt 25c; sit-
tings dally.
Covenant Hall, Odd Fellows' bldg., 7th and
Market— 8 p. m. lecture. A. S. Howe; spirit
mess&ges, Mrs. Elisabeth Holmes; door
fee. 10c.
JOHN SLATER will positively bold test meet-
ing to-night at 8:15 sharp; written questions
aafwered. Lower iiall, 117 Larkin st
"NOW" lecture. Henry Harrison Brown.
"Shinlne." Odd Fellows' bldg., 8 p. m. sharp;
music.
Mrs. Btoddard's eeances. 10c; some tests that
can be recognized; Su.Tn.; sit daily. 278 IHh.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night; prophetic
tests. 10c; developing dr. Mon. eve. 14S 6th.
TESTS, Bible spiritual «-hurch.t»09 Market- Mrs
Glillneham. Tobias. Wilson; 2 and 7:30; 10c.
FRIENDSHIP Hail. T.33 McAllister— Mrs.' C» J.
Meyer; elt dally; test circle every night; 10c.
MRS. WERMOUTH and Dr. Cowan's spiritual
meeting. 8 p. tn.. Odd Fellows bldg; fr*e.
EARLE'B seance to-night; 25c. 1052 Ellis st
KATIE HEUSSMAN. circle Friday evening,
25c; sittings dally. 1000 Harrison st
W. O. KEEGAN holds a test meeting to-night,
10c; sittings. 10 to 12 and 1 to 6.
SUNDAY LECTURES.
AA— DR. JOHN A. KERGAN'S free lllurtrat-
?d lecture to men only this evening. Costal
UalL Pythian Castle. 009 Market st Sub-
ject "Man as a Physical. Moral and Intel-
lectual Animal." grandly illustrated. A cor-
dial invitation to men who desire to learn
lmijortact truths; free tickets will be dis-
tributed for X-ray exhibition at Sanitarium
Tuesday evening. Remember the question
box.
DR. W. R, PRICE, of international fame as
an orator, author, scientist and philosopher
lectures under the auspices of the Psychic
Research Society this evening at 8:15 o'clock.
Memorial Hall. Odd Fellows* building. Sub-
ject. "I)l%-ination end Prophecy." Ptycho-
loglcal demonstrations. All seats free.
DR. ALEXANDER J. McIVOR TYNDALL de-
llvers popular ii»rchologlcal lecture to-nljcht
RUinmay Hall. 223 Butter St.; subject "Life
Secrets." Telepathy and thought tranifer-
ence demonstrations follow.
MENTAL Poise Society— Topic to-night 8-15
o clock. "RetUMtlon." by Dr. W. Albert
V» till. Golden Gate <upr>er) Hall. «*25 Sutter
Ft. Piano recital by Prof. Anton Dabl. Free.
MRS. ELIZABETH DEUREKS of the Los An-
reles School of Metaphysics will lecture this
evening in Golden Gate Hall et 8 o'clock
sharp. Subject. "Universal Love." Free.
DR. J. E. COLLING E. phychurjreon. wIlMec^
ture in Golden Gate Hall this evening Eub-
Ject. "He-alth; How to Get and Keep If* ;10cT
SIEETIXGNOTICESl ~
A GRAND excurelcn and picnic to _L§_*
S->hu"t3i''n l'nrk. i^an Jose Cal 'In-^^l'
THIS SUNDAY. July 19, given by J/_>M
Croatian Benevolent Society. Zvo- \*ftn
nlmlr No. 01. N. C. S.. in conjunc-
tlon with the Slavonian-American -— '
Benevolent Society of Fan Jose. Excursion
train leaves Third ar_J Townsend st depot at
1»:13 a. m.: it stops El Valenda-st. station 5
minutes later. dancing and enjoy-
ment for all. Flbris* union band has been
enraged for the occarlon; Jerry L. Fabrls
leader. Round-trip tickets, including the
admission to the park. $1; children at half
Trice. Tickets for sale at the d*pot Every-
tody I* welcome. COMMITTEE.
UKITE» STATICS Wteran NaTJ! Phel^s
Bquadron No. 12. meets MONDAY EVEN-
INGS at S o'clock on board U. S S.
Marian. Folsom No. 2; eligible* Invited to
sU.lt nfl.Dell C. and F.J.. Woodward (and as attor
ney) to William C. Jurgens. lot on. E corner
of Fourth avenue and East Twelfth street NE
100 by SE 37:6, block 48. Clinton. East Oak
land; $10. . ~ ¦¦¦¦.: ¦¦¦¦- .
Knights of Maccabees.
SAN FRANCISCO DIVISION' No. 3,
'Uniform Rank of the Knights or the
Maccabees,' attached to. San Fran
cisco Tent No. 18, paid a fraternal visit
to Pacific Tent No. 64 on July 9 and on
that occasion conferred the degrees on a
number of strangers for the sitting tent.
The work was impressively rendered in
den. attorney) v to Egan Hoermann, lot " on ¦ W
corner of- High and Putnam streets.^ NW 165"
by SW 110.75. lots 8 and 4. block 13 map
subdivision of NE portion Sather Tract. 'Fruit
vale, Brooklyn Township; $10. s /
Mary E: and Francis P. , Keating (both sin
gle) to Mary and Charles Neudeck lot on
SW corner of D and Main streets W 160 by
8 108. lots 11 and 12, Castro block. Hay
wards, Eden Township; $10. ..,,¦..
.. Bessie or.B. Hudson (widow) to Lewis Mof
fltt. lot on E line of Union street 350 N of
Twenty-eighth. N 50 by E 133:3. portion lot 4.
block H, Peralta Homestead Association Oak
land; $10.
\M. and. Eliza E. Rinehart to J. S.Myers,
lot on SB corner of Telegraph avenue (as now
exlstsV and Weston avenuft or Thlrty-elghth
•treetf S 106.6.' E 108.29.; N : 114.45. , W 100.
portion lots 4 and 5. block. D. - map Broadway
and Telegraph avenue Homestead. Oakland;
%V>. •'.--• ». ¦¦¦¦¦ :. .-;-• ¦ . ¦¦• .
I Sarah I. .or Sarah a J. Richardson to <• Alice,
George F. and ¦ Carrie S. Richardson - (all - sin
gle), lot on NW corner of Fourth and Web
ster streets. N 50 by W 75. lots 21 and 22.
block' 41. Kellersberger'8 map.- Oakland: gift.
J. B. and Clara Myers to M. Rinehart" lot
on R line of Market street. 85.41 S of Fourth
E 8r.M. S 25, W 87.42. N 25.41. portion lots
7. 9 to 11. block 100, Kellersbcrger's map Oak
land; $10. , ,r , '
Bessie McA. and Francis Dunn to : Edward
and Mark Markoviu and A. and D. Bercovlch
lot^: on " NE corner , of Jackson and Fourth
streets, N 200 by E 300, being block 37 Kel
lersberger's map,. Oakland: $10.
G. L. Schmidt (widower) to F. W Weyhe
lot 2. map McElrath , Tract. ¦ Oakland ': $io '
Marion and Mary Van (by ¦- Cali
fornia Title - Insurance ' and Trust Company '
trustee) t. to Pfioenix Savings. Building and
Loan Association," 866 " D.< 234. ! lotion S lino
of Thirty- fourth street. -116:8 E of Market. E
33:4 by S 100. portion lot B.block.K, property
Central Land Company, formerly Brown
Tract., trustees' deed. Oakland: $2000. v -. * ,
Walter and Annie G. Morgan to Fidelity and
Deposit - Company - of Maryland, lot 46,. block
F, map No. 2/ Linda .Vista Terrace, deed given
to secure bond $1200.' Oakland; $10. . ,.-
John and . Margaret \ Murray \ to : Martial Da
voust, lot o^N J line of Central avenue or
Twelfth street.' 150' W of Adeline.- W 50 by
N 100, block 574. Boardman's map, Oakland*
$2800. . '. '- . ' i ' '
1 Emma Hauk \ (widow) to Wolf ', Carash " lot
on S line of Twenty- fourth street.' 53:8 E of
Magnolia. E 50 by S 101. lots 25 and 26. block
631. map. Adeline street lots. Oakland; $10
Eliza A. v Allison (widow of ,W. , M.^ to : Jo
sephand Ms ry Meyer,' lot on E corner of High
land avenue - and ; Plymouth ; street.' ¦ NE s 80 ¦ by
BE 132 :5.' lots 25 1 and » 26. y, block . L". amended
map Moss Tract, subject to mortgage for $3000.]
affidavit ' of grantor attached ¦ to ; deed, 1 o Brook
lyn Township; $10. f-V^
-Josephine F.- Brugulere (by William H. Harh.
Joseph . Harvey (owner) with O. A. Ccaemer
(contractor), architect William Koenlg AH
work except plumbing and gasfltting for a
three-story building with basement on>NE cor
ner of Franklin street and Elm avenue, E 100
N 30, W 110, — 30 to beginning; $ll,R5o.
Same owner with Klernari & O'Brien'(con
tractors), architect same — Plumbing and gas
fitting for same on same; $1230.
E. Oliva (owner) with Gardner & Kays (con
tractors), architect . -^ Alterations and
additions to make a- two-story frame building
on W line of August alley, 87:8 N of Green
street and 206:10% E of Mason. N 49:10 bv w
60:4i,4; $2115. " ' /
Mrs. Ann* Stader (owner) with I William B
Peel (contractor), architect , All work
for two cottages with basements on lots 46 and
47. block A, Glen Park Terrace: $2200.
. M. J. Sahlein (owner) with J. • I. MItrovlch
(contractor), architect . Alterations and
additions^ to store front. 873 .'Market street;
$1285. *
*Mary Edwards "(owner) with Forbes &
Brunette (contractors), architects Dodge & Dol-
Uver— All work - f or a frame cottage on lot
commencing at a point" 80:5 E from Intersec
tion- of Second avenue and California street
N 91:6, E 25. S 88:11. W 25; $1825, B^n.
-Alameda County.
Behlow Estate Company (owners) with Otis
Elevator Company (contractors), architect
William Curlett — Two passenger and
freight elevator for building on S line of
Geary street, 77:6 E of Powell, 87:6xI37'6
$9370. .
Builders' Contracts.
City and County of San Francisco to Caro
line J. Harrison, lot on NE corner of C^Farrell
and Stelner streets. N 175 by E 137:6; $ .
Freda O. and Thomas E.Schumate to Meyer
and Lillie E. Abrahams, ' lot on S line of Sut
ter street. 55 W of Devisadero, W 50:9 by S
113: $10.
George Brown Estate Company to Lionel A.
Fitzmaurice. lot on S line of Turk street. 50
E of Masonic avenue. E 25 by S 112:6; $750. .
Charles and Cora C. Perkins to Moses Cohen,
lot oh 3 line of Hayes Btreet. 168:3~W of Cen
tral avenue. _W 25 by S 137:0; $10.
John C. Brickell to Theodosia P. Oliver, lot
on S line of West Clay street, 90 W of Twenty
sixth avenue^.W30 by S.100;-S10... •.*¦*. ¦.-*¦ -
- - Market and 8tanyan Streets and Golden Gate
Park Land and Improvement Company to Cal
vin and Maye C. Muller, lot on NE corner of
Alma avenue and Stanyan street, N 30 by E
107:6; $10. * ; ,
Richard Cohen, administrator of the estate of
Maria U. Cohen (by Commissioner Carl W.
Elfving) to Carmen .U. Dunphy, lot on N line
of Thirteenth street, 30 E of Guerrero, E 25
by N 75; $3900. ,--
Calvin R.' and Lucia Worrell to Ferdinand
E. Hesthal; lot on N line of Seventeenth street.
81:3 E of Sanchez. E 50 by N 148: $1.
Ferdinand E. Hesthal to William J. Hesthal.
lot on N line of Seventeenth street, 28:9 W of
Dehon. W 50 by N 148; $1. ¦
William J. Hesthal to Thomas H. Wagstaff.
lot commencing at a point 148 N of Seven
teenth street and 68:9 W of I>ehon. S 13. E
1:10. S 2, E 3S:2. N 15. W 40; $10.
John Thompson to Frances M. Thompson,
lot on E line of Columbia (Florida) street, 140
S of Twenty-fifth. S 45 by E 100; $1.
Frances M. Thompson to William A. Bur
dick, same; $10. ** .' ,
Edmund O. Demlng to Clara J. Deming. lot
on SW corner of Clay and Davis streets W 85
by S 27: also all interest In 020 D. 899: gift.
Mario L.. Clarence It. and Katherlne Mackay
to James L. Flood. lot on NW corner of Pine
and . Montgomery streets. N 125 by W 138:6;
also !{ of K wall of building known as Cali
fornia Market, extending from Pine street to
Summer, party wall' agreement In* 750 D. 84;
$10.
Same to same, same; $10.
James L. and MaudL. Flood to Nevada Na
tional Bank, undivided »4 of same; $10.
Joseph M. Masten, Georgtana M. and W. F.
Perkins to United Realty Company, -lot on N
corner of Sherwood place and Third street NW
25 by !*K 77:6; $50,000. . •
Max P. and Laurola S. W. Brasch to Lizzie
Woodhams, lot on W Una of Eleventh avenue.
300 S of H street, 8 25 by W 120; $10.
EmmaVand Alphonzo.- Harrington to Max P
Brasch, sahie; $10.
City Realty Company to William Donald, lot
on NW corner of Huge street and Sixth ave*
nue. N 25, by W 95; $10.
George and Catherine Flatley to George C
Fahlbusch, lot on S line of Minerva street 200
E of Capitol, E 50 by 8 125, block P. Railroad
Homestead; $10.
SATURDAY. JULY 18
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
After Deputy Grand Regent G. L. Da
vidson shall have finished his organizing
work In Santa Rosa, where he has secur
ed some , applications, he will visit Sac
ramento in th© interest of the order and
then go to Stockton. '.. .. • ?. . ,
After receiving two applications at Its
last held meeting Buena Vista Council
initiated three strangers, the work being
done in a very creditable manner.
Grand Regent Gunzendorfer paid an of
ficial visit to Sierra Council In Oakland
July 13, accompanied by District! Depu
ties W. y. N.-Bay. Walter F. Lewi», A.
H. Merrill; G. H. Bartlett, Harry' W.
France, Past Regent A. F. Howell
Boston, Mass., and several members of
the local councils. There was a full at
tendance of the visited • councils- to \ wel
come the visitors, and two strahgera/.who
applied for admission Into the order were
initiated. After the. business of the even
ing there were interesting and instructive
talkjs by the grand: regent, W. J.'Cremers
of Berkeley Council and a number of tha
visitors. ...
Preliminary: steps have been taken for
the organization of a new council of the
order in this qity and one in Los Angeles.
Neither of these councils will be institut
ed until there Is assurance that not less
than fifty applicants will be admitted to"
membership, by virtue of the charter.
- Dr. William Brill, supervising ' medical
examiner for Califdrnla, has been granted
a thirty days' leave of absence by Su
preme Regent Robinson and during hl3
absence all medical certificates will be
passed. upon by the medical examiner in
chief at Boston, Mass.
AT the last held meeting' of Argonaut
Council, Royal Arcanum, the de
gree was conferred on on© stranger
and three applications received were re
ferred to the committee on investigation
of character.' District Deputy Grand Re
gent W. E. Bendlct, who paid the council
an official visit on that occasion, occupied
the chair of regent In the conferring of
the degree at the invitation of Regent T.
Longworth. Under good of the order Past
Regents Fay of Nashville and Collins of
Washington, who were visitors, told of
the work that is being done for the or
ganization in their respective States. The
district deputy spoke on the duty, of the
hour and congratulated the council on the
work it had done during, the past six
months. •
Royal Arcanum.
500 Chal Con... 45 300 Ophir 1 40
200 Chollar . . . . 10 400 Overman' .. 26
150 C C & Va.l 37& 300 Potosl 22
300 Crown Pt.. 21 200 Savage :... 15
2U0 Gould & Cur 38 200 Sierra Nev. B3
200 Hale & Nor 52 300 Sierra Nev. 61
300 Hale & Nor 51 400 Silver Hill .75
300 Justice 11 400 Union Con. . , 77
200 Justice .... 15 200 Union Con.. , 76
200 Mexican ... OS 700 Union Con.. 75
300 Mexican ... 95 800 Yel Jacket. 69
100 Ophlr 1 42^ , ;>*-!'?'
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session. •
1000 Esper (1$ 90). 00 50 Mon Ton ... 93
'2000 Esperanza' .. 06 100 Mon Ton .:. M
500 Gipsy Queen. 27 1800 Ton & Cal. 35
, 250 Mon Ton ... 91 400 Toa •/& Cal.. 40
500 Mon Ton ... 92
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. Bid.Ask.
Colehan IS 19 Rescue ...... U% 15
Esperanza ... 04 05 Ton Belmont.2 00 2 05
Eula Con — — T & Cal 60 —
Gipsy Queen., j 27 — Ton .Fraction. — ' 1 25
Gpld M Con. — 20 Ton & G W. 06 10
Lucky Tom . 09 13 Ton of Nev. — —
MacNamara . 22 26 Ton N Star. 49 > fcft.
Mlzpah Ex .. 36 45 Ton Midway.. — 45
Montana Ton. 04 07 Ton & Salt L — —
N Y Ton . . — — Ton Union . . — —
Paymaster .. — 18 United Ton... 16 25
Pine Grove . . — — Utopia — —
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:. •:• V;\s''v
; Morning Session.
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
the presence of a large audience of mem
bers -and-Ht -was enthusiastically ap
plauded. After the ceremony the visiting
corps,' its drum and fife corps of twenty
pieces, which had »escorted it to the hall,
and the visitors were treated to a lunch
by Pacific, Tent. This class initiation was
the; result 'of work- by.' Sir Knight A. D.
Hawley, the new organizer for the tent.
In /this work he is being ably assisted by
Sir Knights H. Traube, Sol Lewis, John
Roberts and other members who are en
thusiastic in the organization.
6an Francisco Tent Is arranging for the
public installation of its new officers on
theevening of July 24 under the auspices
of the Uniform Rank. At the last held
¦Wednesday, July 29, will be Maccabee
day and night at the Chutes. A number
of the divisions of the Uniform Rank will
be on' the grounds in the evening" and
have a parade and possibly an exhibition
drill. The members of the several hives
of the Ladies of the Maccabees will assist
the Sir Knights in the celebration mat
day and night.
review of the- tent Sir Knight Schwartz
was awarded a prize' of the value of 130
for having within ¦ a limited period ' pre
sented to the tent and had Initiated the
largest number of candidates. Professor
Heiden and his Maccabee Zither Club
continue to give the members of this tent
musical treats after the reviews.
•"ff^HE satisfactory results obtained dur
i Ing the first' six months of.' the year
* in obtaining new . members for- the
National Union in* San Francisco has in
duced the Ban Francisco Cabinet to renew
the offer of prizes of the previous term.
Six prizes are offered, varying in valua
tion from" $5 to $25, which are offered to
members .of the councils who at the close
of the cdrrent term shall have initiated
from four to | twelve candidates.
San Francisco Council at its meeting on
the second Saturday In July'had present
ed to it the applications of twelve young
men : who desire [ to be initiated into the
order.. This 'council, which for a time met
strictly ' -: for- the ¦ transaction of routine
business, has awakened to the necessity
of being; In the swim if it desires to be
recognized as alU'e, and ; in the past two
months has acted favorably - upon thirty
five'applications.'Under, good of. the order
at the ' last held meeting the/ council was
addressed by Friend HiltsflT president of
the cabinet; Friend Maass, vice president;
Friend "Wheelock, chairman of the,exten
sion of the order committee of the'cabi
net, and others. Financial Secretary
Charles H.Bllnn, '.who while on a recent
visit to London, England, met with aise
rlous accident, appeared before the open
ing of the meeting and resumed his sta
tion: He is Btlll a little lame, but is able
to move about without the aid of a cane.
*-; At the July meeting of Pacific Council
thete was the initiation 'of two candidates
by 'President Galvin, assisted by the of
ficers of the council. The work ;was in
the amplified form, and was not only im
pressively but very dramatically ren
dered. During: the evening Deputy Bunt
ing, who is a member of the council, gave
an interesting account of the r action of
the • San I Francisco Cabinet at ' a' special
meeting held for the purpose of making
arrangements for the reception in October
of President M. G. Jeff ris of the Senate.
President Hills of that body had some
thing: to say along the same lines, and the
Secretary of the cabinet outlined the plan
for carrying on the large class initiation
which will be had when Senate President
Jeff ris comes here on his official visit. The
National Union has been in existence
twenty years in San Francisco, and It
will be the first official visit in that time
to the councils of the order. Joseph A.
Wilson, speaker of the cabinet, explained
the movement in regard to the ladies'
auxiliary v that It proposes to get up for
the order in this city.
National Union.
THE PAN FBA1SCISCO CALL, SUNDAY,: JULY 19, 1903.
Continued From Page Thirty-Nine.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
43
California
Limited...
To CHICAlrt)
l^r^t^ An Ideal Train
[ell lliOlf 1 or ose
Seek the Best
SANTA FE TRAINS.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot ¦¦'
~ I Local I Llm'd I Local | Ov'rfd
1 Dally I Dally \ Dally | Dally
Lv. San Fran.. 7:30.a 9:30 a 4:00 p 8:00 p
Ar. Stockton..: 10:40 a 12:01 p 7:10 p 11:15 p
"Merced 1:05 p 1:55 p 1:28 a
"Fresno .... 2:40 p 3:20 p ....;.. "3:15 a
"Hanford .. 4:58 p 4:07 p ....... T:50 a
"Vlsalla "4:68 p .4:48 p.. 5:00 a
" Bakersfleld 7:15 p 6:00 p 7:35 a
"Kansas City .. . >2T35 a ...;... 7:00 a
"Chicago 2:15 p....... 8:47 p
.' .a for "morning; p for afternoon. ¦ * '¦'•¦''¦
% 7:30 a. m. Dally is Bakersfleld Local, etopr
ping at all points In: San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 6:55 a, m. dally. .
9:30 a. m. Monday and'. Thursday ' is the
CALITOBNIA LIMITED, carrying-. Pal-
ace Sleeping 1 Cars and Dining: Cars'
through to Chicago. Chair car. runs to Backers-
field "for accommodation of 'local flrst»-cla*s pas-
sengers.' No second-class tickets are honored
on this train. Corresponding i train . arrives at
11:10 p.; m. Tuesday and Friday.
9:30 a. mi Dally, Valley Limited. Composite
Car and Reclining Chair Car between Bakers-
field . and San Francisco. Corresponding train
arrives at 11:10 p. m. dally. . • •
4:00 p. m. is Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrives at- 11:10 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. Dally Is the Overland Express
with through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which .cuts out at Fresno/ Cor-
responding train arrives at 6:25 p. m. dally.
Personally conducted parties for Kansas City,
Chicago and East leave San Francisco every
Monday, .Thursday and Saturday at 8 p. m.
Offices — 841 Market street and In Ferry De.
pot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oakland.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN HY. CO.
LjBSSEB
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
EAILWAT COMPAJSTT.
Tfboxoa gcrry, Voot or Marks* St
SAW PRAWCISCO TO SAH RAPAEI..
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 8:00, 0:00. ll:C0 a. m.:
12:35, 2:30, 3:40. 5:10, 5:50. 6:30 and 11:30
- d. m.- - '¦ /¦ • .¦ . .--»—-.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1 :30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30, 8:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:80,
2:30. 3:40, 6:10. 6:30. 11:30 p. m.
SAN EAPAEL TO SAW rBAJTCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:05. 6:50. 7:35, 7:50, 9:20.
11:15 a." m.; 12:50. t2:00. 8:40. 6:00. 6:20.
V 6:25 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45 p.m.
SUNDAYS— 6:50. 7:35, .9:20.-11:15 a^ m.; 1:45.
3:40, 4:50. 5:00. 5:20, 6:10. 6:25 p. m. TEx-
cept Saturdays. . .
Leave J In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. I May 3. 1908. jSan Francisco.
Week I Sun- I DesUna- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days, j tlpn. ¦ | days. | Days.
7:30 a " 7:45 a 7:45 a
7:30a 8:00a > iJ "'. U 8:40a 8:40a
8:00a 9:30a Ignacio. 10:20a 10:20a
2:30p 2:30p 0:OOp 6:20 p
5:10p 5:10p 6:20p 7:25p
¦ T:25p
7:30 a 7:80 a 7:45 a 7:45 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Novato, 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma ; 6:20 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 2:30 p and- 7:25 p 7:25 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa.
7:30 a 7:30 a : \ 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:00 a 8:C0a Fulton. 7:25 p 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p -^ ' >- 7:25 p.
¦ ¦ Windsor. ¦ ~~~-
7:30 a 7:30 a -Healdsburg, 10:20a 10:20 a
Lytton,
-2:30p 2:30 p Geyservitle, 7:25 p 7:28 p
v .-• -..,.- •. ; Cloverdale. .- ... - .
7:30 al 7:30 ai Hopland 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. [ 7:25 p| 7:25 p
7:80a|7:30a| Wllllts. [7:25p|7:25p
«:00 al 8:00 at Camp Vacation. 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 pi 2:30 p| Guernevllle. | 7:25pj 6:20 p
8:00 al 8:00 al Sonoma. ' I 8:40fc( 8:40 a
5:10 p| 5:10 p| Glen Ellen.. 1.6:00 ty 8:20 p
.7:30 al 7:30 8,1 ', - , 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 pi 2:30 p| Sebaatopol. [ 7:25 pj 6:20 p
. STAGES connect -at Green Brae for San
Quentln. at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark
West Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs;
at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Clover-
dale fpr the Geysers, Boonevllle and Green-
wood; at Hopland for Duncan Springs, High-
land"- Springs. Kelseyville, Carlsbad Springs,
Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at
Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs,
Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter Springs,
Upper Lake, Pomo. Potter Valley. John Day's.
Riverside, Llerly's, Bucknell's. Sanhedrin
Heights. Hullvllle. Orr'S Hot Springs. Half-
way. House. Comptche, Camp Steven*. Hop-
kins. ¦ Mt-ndocln» City. Fort Bragg. Westport.
Usal; at , Wllllts for Fort. Bragg. Westport.
Sherwood, Cahto.' Cbvelo. Laytonvllle. Cum-
mlngs. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer.
Garbervllle Pepperwood. Scotia and Eureka. '
" Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rate*
On Sunday— ReumMrtp tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half -rates. - ,- .
Tlcket-offlce. 650 Market street. Chronicle
building*
. H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen., Manager. Gen. Pas. Agt.
MOUOT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
. Leave . fa Sttualito f «rr -. Arrive ~*
Saa Fran. Hoi at Market 81 -. San Fran.
1 Week Sun- wbb -: San- Weak
P*y»- days JHJmmfrL d «y* Day*
»:45a 8:OOa ©N^W&Js 14:OOn oTTaX
l:48f 9:00a lS^^SSaV 12:AOp 3:30r
S:lo> 1O:OOa T^^S%3v 3:30p 5:50r
fctariayt «a!y. tow 9iSOT,tmrti,T. 11: 3 Or
! TICUT ' i (OS Makxxt St- (North Shore RaUroa*
077IOB I and Savsauto Fbxky, Foot Market Sc
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Xnlu l*av» s»n«S ar» d». to sxtIy* at
•AN FBANCISCO. V,
Qlat* Uam, Foot mt Marfcst ttrsst.) *
tJAT» — r»OM JVMM 31. 1303. — XMXTTt
">JkU Benlda, Balsoa. BBstlra aalil »aci*>
nento Z-4?*
74XU T«c*TflJ», WlnWra. Ba«3*«y. — ..~ ?J8»
735a Msarttaes, 8aa E«mtm, Vallejo. _^
Kspa,Cal£«e«ft.8s*taBoai MBv
7J0a KUes, Lathrop. Stockton 7^k>
s.00 a Ssvia.Woodlaad, Kalgti u Landing .
- MarfsrUIt. Orvrnis, (connects
at Mairsrms tor GrKller, BlJS* . —
and Cbleo) -.... 7-g»
•X9a AUsntlckxw lisa Ocdca and Bast. 1(USa
|J»a Port Corta. Msrtfnes. Antlo«h. By
ron,Tra«7.8toektos,Bacraa)eBlo, "
Los Baaos. Mendcta, Haaford.
Tlaalla. PorMirrJIla .........«»4JS»
•4XU tort Costa, sUrttaas. Latbrop. Mo-
desto. JtoMd. Trttma. Qoshea
JbbcUob, Haaford, VJ»alia.
BakenficM W5»
8.50a Sba«U Express— Dsrii. Wunams
(for Bartjett Sprtaga). Willows,
tFmto, Bed TSlvB. Portland 74S»
t-JO*. KQea, Saa Joao, LtTenaore. Stock-
ton.loBO.SACTmKeiito.l'UecyTUla.
\ .;-'• MaryiTille. CUico. Kcd Bloff 4.28*
8 J»* OaWale. Cbtaea*. Jamestovn. 8o- -
norm. Tnolamn* sad Augela ..... 425»
S.OOa M»rttnes sad Wsy BUSJobs .... 6ES»
10.C0a Vsllejo ; - -. 12.2S*
110.00a Greseestaty Bxpress. Kastbouad.
t —Port Costa, ByroB, Tracy, La-
tbrop, Stoeatoo, Htnti. Kay i
¦ BtoBd. rreaas, Hsaford, VtsaUa, >
Bakersfleld, toa AsgeVsa and -*
Var OrleaBS. ffTesU»OBBd •> -
rrtes as Paeln« Ce«*t Express.
?ta Coast U*«) <MB
f 0470 a Tn« Orerlaaa Limited — Ogden, - -
UeuTer. Otntha. Chic«BX.. ...... B.xu*
12.00m Bsyvard. Nlle» aad W»y Statloss. 5-2S»
ti-OOr Bscrsmeato Br*«r Steamers. tiiJtOr
S-50r Beafcfr. WJnwrs. Saeramsato. :-]•-*¦<:
Woodlaad.wnilaaas.CBrBss.WIV- '
lows. Kalgnts.lABdlag. Marys-
TUle. OroTSlle sad way (tstloaa.. 10§9A
B-SOp H»yward.l«lesandWay Sutlooa. 7.66*
4 00r M»nines.8i»niri«moo.V»lleJo.aap»,
CslHtoga. eant»Ko«»... ........ gW*
4-OOy Vsrttnez.Tracy.I.atBrop.Stoektoa. 1028 a
400r Klles. LiTermora. Stockton. I.odl.. 4.28^
4 ZOr Hay ward. Nile*. Irvtagtoa. Saa I J8.65*
Jose, LlTennore (S11.5&A
BXMr The O-wl Limited— rresao. Tnlare,
BakeisOeld, U>» Angeles: con- .
- ' ' Beets «t Sangas for Saata Bar-
bara..'. t-88*
6-COt Port Costa, Tracy. Stocktoa, Los _
E»D0« .' IZ-Z5Y
t530r ?Tllei. San Jew Loc*l ~>. 7-g§*
B.QOr Harvard. Ntleaaad Saa Jos*. t&2&*
8-COp Oriental Kail— Otrden. CenTer.
Omaaa, St. Loaia. Cblcag* and
Vast. (Carries Pallmaa Car paa-
•engert craly cut of Saa FraB-
ctsco. Tofxrlst car aad cases
passeagers , take 7.00 r. m. trala
>.' to Re»o, eoattaalng tbcae* la
their cars < r.m. train eastward.. 4 J9*
TFesubound. Saasat LfmlMd.—
¦ • 'ii. Trom Kew York, CBleago, Xnr
Orleans, El Paso. Las Aassiea.
• I" re»BO. BeTeuda. Barmsnd (trom
Yocemite), Maxtines. Artrre*.. IMS*
7X0r Baa Pablo, Port Costa, Marttau
and Way Stattoas. ......'..'.¦ 11-M*
tfXtOr Vallejo ~~ 766*
iJMtr Port Costa, Bealcla, SaUaa, DaTls,
Sacrameato, Trocie.e, Beao.
Btops at an stadoaa east of
Sacramento ...................... 74S*
f-CSr Oregon * CaltfonUa Kznr4ss— Sao-
rameato, llarytTtlle, Bedding.
Portland. Pnget Seaad aad Bast. 853k
18.10*' Bayirard, NDes aad Ban Jose (S«a>
day only) ftl-Ui
ttMr Tvn Costa, Tracy. LaiaTon. Ms-
detto. If ercsd. Baymoad (» T«-
ttmite). rresao ------- , '¦ , ,; lf-2S»
. Haaford. ViwlU. BaJcer»a>qd S-tS*
" COAST UNE (JtemrChassV
' (Foot of Market Street.)
V-4&A Saata Cru Bzeantoa idaaday
oaly) t3-10»
UBiRewMt Oeatsrrtae. Saa Jose,
Felton. Boalder Creek, saata
Cros aad Way SuUons US*
tMir Vsirark, Centerrllle, Soa Jose,
Kew Almadea. Loa 6atoa.?ttltoa,
Boalder Creek. Santa Cru aad
Principal War SUtioot ...^.... 10^3*
4-11* Hewark. Baa Jsse. L«s Oalos aad
¦way station* (on Saturday aad
. . Sunday ran* throvcb t» Baata
Croi, connects aV Peltaa for
Boalder Creek, Monday aaly __ <
from Santa Cm »> t8J53 »
.^OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
rrom SAN )'RA> CISCO, foot of Market Bt. (3«?S»
— T7:15 t:0O 11:00 AJi. 1.00 LOO 5.15 m.
Ftobj OAKLAND. Foot of Bioad way — «:OU 0:C*
tfl:<» 10:00 A.». 12 00 S4X) 4JMFJS.
COAST LINE* <Brsa4 <>as«a). T
(Third aad Towa—ad atwsta.) >
6.10a Eao Jose and Way Statiom. 7-Wr
\ t7C0A Saa Jose sad Way Statteas... 8-5C»
/7 00a Hew AlTnadea S4-10*
J7.16a Monterey snd Saata Cras Bzcar
cloq (Snnday only) tUOr .
sSJWa Coast IJa«I4mtt«4— ateps-ealySaat
Jc»».OIlroT.Holll»ter.PsiJmro.Ca»-
tremue. SsOlaaa. Saa Ard«,Pas*
., • Boblea. Santa Margarita. San Lois
¦ -~~ Obi»po,(jiiinclpaJ»ta«on»theoot> '
Santa Barbara, aad Los Aa- *
geles. Connection at CastroTllls
to sad from Monterey and Psciae
Grsre Snd at Psjaro north boend
._ from Capttola snd BaauCru.... 1S4V
w*mk-t*n Joie, Tres Plaos, Capttola,
' EantaCrns^aclflcOrave.Sallaas,
Saa Lais ObUpo aad Priactpat
laterm«dlat* .Stations 4.10*
. Wentboand only. Pacific C«**t Ex-
ore»«. — From Kew York,Cbl««go,"
he-* Orleans. El Paso. Los Aa- _* -
'___ geles, Saata Barbara. Arrrres.. 1JD*
10 30a San Jote and Way Station*. 1.2Qr
11 JO a Esa Jose. Los Gstos and Wsy Sta-
- .«_ MoBi 83 6»
al XOr Ban Joss aad Way Stations x 7Ct3*
2-OCi' Saa Jose and Way Eta tton» ... .... {9.40a
1U.0Or Del Monte Fxpreas— Santa Clara. -
• San Jote. Del Moate. Monterey,
Pacific GrOT* <co» or cm at Santa
Clara for Saata Cms. Bonlder
Creek asd Karrow GengePolaU) ft 2-13*
•3 -20* BarUngame. Saa Mateo. Redwood,
Memo Park. Palo AIM. Mayfleld.
Mocataln View. Lavrence. Sacta '
Clara, San Jose, Gllroy (eoune>
tlm for Bolllster. Tres PtnosK .
P»Jaro (coBaectloa for Watson-
Tlile, Capltola snd Sasta Crus),
Pacific Oiotb and way statloaa.*
Connect* at CtctroTlire for S*-
. ___ ' llnsa..., 10.45a
•4-55^ San Joae ssjd Way Statloaa........ |.36a
•nXiOr Ba» Jose. <t!» Santa Clara) 1am .
Gatog.^rlaht and Principal Way
- - Statlooa... , f900A
siS^fJr San Jote and PrlnclpalWayStaUoos t8.00A-
• S1B.1&P 6snMateo,BeT?*ford,BetaioBi.8sj|i •
Carlo*. Bediaood. Fair Oaks,
• Menlo Park. Pslo Alto. ...... .... H.48*
•Jf>. Baa Jose acd Way Sutloas. 1^1
s7X0r Saotet Limited. E**tboond.— Saa
Lnis ObUpo. Sanu Barbara, Los :
Angeles, Demlag. El Paao. Kew
Orleans. Kew Yor*. (Wetthotiad
. »« r. " TllTe * '»" 6l "> Jc»nnJnVaUry)... V82SA
8.CCP Palo Alto andWaySutlont...;.... 10.1&A
•11401 Mlllbrae. Palo Alto aad Way Stal "
tlons ........... f«
sIIJOp Mlllbrae. Saa joie aBdV«yT£
' >OB -. t9.45»
A tor MorniBit. P for A fUrnoosT ""*"""
X Satarday snd Sunday OBly. *»•««».
i Stops at all »utlon» ea Sunday.
ISaoday ezcepted. tSandnjonly.
• Batarday only. •
• Connect* atGosnea Jc with traias for HaafarC
'Vlsalla. At yrei.no. for Tlaalla, »ia Saagss,
«vla Coast Line. J Tuesday and Friday.
¦* Arrive via Knee, a Dally except Saturday.'
V " s» \la Baa Joaqnln ValW. • *" Balura *X-
. ' 1 Stops Baa(a Clara soata bound otsiy. Csaaaaaa
szcept Snnday. for all aotau Karrow QaoxiT^^^
itflD at Valencia At,
' BAILWAY TEA VEL.
HTO SAN RAFAEL
SAriW'ENTIN, •
Mill VALLEY,
£azad;ro,etc.
via Sausalito Perry
• WEEK*-- DAYS . (Holidays ' excepted) — 6:45,
+•7:45, 8:45. 0:45, 11 a. m.. 12:20. »1:45. 3:15,
4:15 +5:15. ••5:15. 6:45, 0, 11:45 p. m.~
7:45 a. m. train week days does not run to
M SUNDAYS AND LEGAL HOLIDAYS^.
+8 t*9. ¦• t*10, II. tll:30 a. m.. fl2 :3p. f»l :30.
2-35 »3:50. 5.\6. 7:30, 0, 11:43 p. tn~*
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln. Those
marked (t) to Fairfax, except 5:15 p. m. Satur-
days. On Saturdays the 3 : 15 p. m. . train runs
t0 FROM J6 AN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANC18CO
—Week ¦ days— » :25. *6-:25 " 7 :40. ¦ 8 :15. }9 :S5.
11:05 a. m., 12:30, 2:20, $3:45, 4:50. 5:30. 6:45,
10:20 p. m. V - - -.;.;...-
SUNDAYS— <H15. 7:35, *S:10. 9:40, tlO:55,
111:45 a. m.. '12:50, 2:30.-*3:25, 4:40. J5:50.
6:55. 7:35. 10:20 p.»m. - • •
. -Trains marked (t) start from San Quentln.-
' FROM U MILL - VALLEY- TO SAN • FRAN-
CISCO — Week days — 5:46, 6:40, • 7:45, "8:25.
9:45. 11:10 a. m.. 12:40. 2:45, 5:15, 5:10. 7:05.
10:40 p.m. --.:-• . •
SUNDAYS— «:35, 7:55. 10. 11:10 a. m.. 12:05.
1:06 2:40,' 3:45, 4:55." 6:05.'.7:10, 10:40 p. m.
- 'v. THROUGH TRAINS. ,.
7:45 a. m.. week days-TCmzadero and way
stations,. ¦••¦;¦¦ '--¦'¦•.¦",_* ''•"' _.
5:16 p. m.. week days (Saturdays excepted) —
Tomales and way trtntl-nr ' -"""— *'jrsnTn-i*"ij<Bi
':-. 3 :15 p. ¦ m.. SaturJays-^Casadero . and - way
¦tations. ..':., ':--'-'•.¦-< ¦•'-".- ¦ ¦ -. - •.; ;¦
> -Sundays and Legal Holidays — S a. m., Caza-
dero and way stations. . -¦'¦¦-'¦-- ¦., ¦
Sundays and Legal Holidays— 10 a. m., Point
Reyes and way stations. . - •
¦ TICKET i OFFICE — 626 ', Market St."
; FERRY— Foot of 'Market st, ' -
I ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Pnfnrn.
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission— Rooms 550c
1 to $1 50, night; ?2 to *0 week; reading-room.
I GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1411 A— Sunny room, all
j conveniences. $10 per month.
i HARRISON. 784«i. nr. 4th: finely furn. sunny
roome; bath: all oonv.; homelike; $1 vfk. up.
! HOTEL ST. VINCENT. 541 Slxth-^Beautlfully
I fumtshed rooms; single or en suite; $1 per
• wetk up. \
{ HOWARD. Ui£— Nice, neat small room in
j Prjtentant family for gentleman.
I HVDE 1026— Large sunny Iront room suitable
j for 2 gentlemen. Piano, pas. reasonable.
1 LARKIN. 819H— Large, sunny front room; use
i piano If desired; $15 per month.
MCALLISTER. <541— jTliilceiF furnished front
room; reasonable. ?
MINNA. 545— Large runny front room for gen-
*'eman; also single room: reasonable.
MISSION. 1514, near Eleventh— Sunny single
front room: private house: $1 25 per week. ¦ >
OTARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: elec. lights: day, week. mo.
OFARRELL. 731— New. elegantly furnished |
rooms, single or en suite; bath, telephone (
and running water. ¦ •-'• ¦ ;
POINT LOBOS. 217— Two bedrooms; gas, bath;
no other roomers: for gentlemen.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: roome p* r night S5c to $1 50; week, $2
to $S; month. $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water;, baths.
TO LET— A newly furnished front bay-window
room In new modern flat, with use of bath;
15 minutes from Third and Market sts.: north
side cf Market; handy to 3 car lines; must
have references. "Box. 13. Call office.
It'RK 416 Regina— Beautiful sunny suites St
single: latest Impts : lowest rates in the city.
' I TWO furnished rooms; ga*. telephone: central;
! gentlemen only. Addreg» box 1SC0. Call. . -
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy St.. near Market
— tOu single and family rooms; 35c to $1
nlrht; $1 75 to $6 week; elevator, electric
lights; reading-room; free bus and baggage.
! VAN NESS ave.. 819 — Renovated; handsome
; sunny furnished suites front rms; mod. conv.
I WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market —
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 &0 night: $2 to $8 week; elevafor;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
j A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
: rubrcriptions has been established at 1090
ROOMS AXD P?^"^
"WANTED — Sunny room, breakfast, dinner, in
strictly private family. Write, giving full
particulars to D. F. W., care Johnson-Locke
Mer. Co.. 123 California St.
ROOMS AXD BOARD. '
A— AIKLIE HALL,
1C05 FRANKLIN ST.,' EW. COR. PINE ST.
PLEASANTLY SITUATED. SELECT
BOARD FOR LADIES.
Young ladies from out of town who wish to
pursue their studies in the city will find ex-
cellent aecommodat'ns & care; refs. required.
MISS E. P. FORPES. 1605 FRANKLIN ST.
AMOY, THE. 901 DEVISADERO ST.
Strictly first-class family hotel; sunny rooms,
suite or single; billiards; steam beat.
VAN NESS. 1714— Select private boardlng-
hous«; rooms single or en suite; desirable lo-
cation: all conveniences of home.
OLD Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church,
with annex. 807 California et. — Attractive in-
terlor; exceptional, table; free billiard -room.
GUERRERO, 114 — Sunny alcove and other
front rooms, with or without board; reaa.
! TABLE board in family hotel; very cheap. C.
! P. H.. box 1830. Call.
THE JOHNSON. 605 O'Farrell St.— Sunny
suites and single rooms, with board; rets.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES Tn EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free.- Dr. Cottlngham. 204 8utter st.
j DR. CARRIE EDWARDS, eye. ear. nose and
• threat. Removed to 423 Eddy st. ;¦ -.; •
STCTTERIXG AXD STAM3IERIXG.
MELBOURNE System School, Van Ness and
; Market: positive cure for all. Don't delay.
MABEIACrE .: LICENSES;, .. .
The following marriage licenses, were Issued
yesterday:
Hans- Lareen, 2S.* 2211 Taylor street, and
Ovida Eriksen. 22. 2211 Taylor street.
Manuel H. Baptista, 53, Petaluma, Cat., and
Rora de L. de Azevado, 33. Petaluma, Cal.
Clifford C. Beatle. 22. Oakland, and Lena M.
Nelson, 20, Oakland. .
- Anseimo -Monlgattl,- 23. Pleasanton, Cal.,
and Clorinda Rivera, 2$.' Pleasanton. Cal:
Frederick T." Norton. 21. Corte Madera,- Cal..
and Elsie E. Boyd. IS. 1510>* Vallejo Btreet.
William H. Finch, 21, city, and Clalrisse
Hampton. 2L city.
Eugene Cock, 46. 625 Anderson street, and
Mary M. Oarbarino. 42. 40 Germania avenue.
Frederick Andersen. 29. 70 Converse street,
and Stella Williams. 18, 70 Converse street.
Alfred Schwarz, 24, 19 Minna street, and
Emma Maillard, IS. 117 Palmer street.
Charles J. Fristrom, 37. 545 Folsom street,
and Matblna E. Johnson, 32. 1834 California.
Cyrus J. Pcdrlck, 46, cltr. and Adella, A.
McDearmon. 45, city. •
John Stammer, 50, 240 Sunnyslde avenue,
and Anna M. Becker, 38. 602 Lyon street.
Charles \V. Sexton, 30. Los Angeles. Cal.,
and Marguerite Miller, SO, Los Angeles. Cal.
Benjamin G. Reese. 26, Presidio, and Clara
Schweitzer. 21, 1120 Greenwich street.
Antonio Kliverla. 52, 117 Jackson street, and
Isabel Corxla, 52, 913 Montgomery avenue. ¦
George W. Campbell, 27. 26 H Clara street,
and Eltha M. FiK>oncer. 18. 2d4 Clara street.
Edwin G. Ostendorfr 35, 1&48 Devisadero
street, and Anna M. Clark, 27, 43 Van Ness
avenue. . , ;.
Clarence C. Bugbee, 23, 120 "Fourth". street,*.
and Grade M. Jones. 19. 120 Fourth street. /
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In' at either of the publication of flees and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the eame published.
BOB2T.
FALVET— In this city, July II. 1903. to the
wife of Arthur J. Falvey, a daughter.
FERBECK— In this city, July 7, ,1903, to the
wife of Harry Ferbeck. a son.
FOX— In this city. June 27, 1903. to the wife
•of Minor J. Fox, a son. p
GRATTO— In thi* city. July 3. 1903. to the
wife of David P.'Gratto. a daughter.
HEANEY— In this city. July IS. 1903. to the
wife of Edward J. Heaney (nee RUey), a
daughter.
LARNEY— In this city, July 12. 1903, to the
wife cf John H. Laraey, a son.
McKINNOlC— In this city, July 11. 1903. to the
wife of Dr. A. J. McKlnnon. a daughter.
MILLER— In this city. July 18. 1903. to the
wife of OtXs Miller, a daughter. ¦
PFAENDLER— In this city, July 17. 1903. to
the wife of Albert F. Pfaendler, a son.
SCHERF— In this City. July 4. 1903, to the
wife . of • Henry B. Scherf, a son.
SIMPSON— In this city. July 14, 1903. to the
wife cf Henry A. Simpson, a daughter...,,
TAYLOR— In this city. July 2, 1903. to* the
wife of Daniel T. Taylor, a son., ;
WISEMAN— In Golden Gate. Oakland, July
14. 1903, to the wife of William E. Wise-
roan, a eon. •
TVTA"RRTF-P,
ANDERSON— WILLIAMS— In this city. July
It, liKW, Frederick Anderson and Stella Wll-
llams. both of San Francisco. .'
™~ . died:
Bartlett, Pliny Maginnis. Christopher
Beal (Jnfant) Mallon. Thomas F.
Klaney, Henry I. - Manning, Beesle •
Boland. May E. Marbles. Catherine
Brodertek, Thomas Moore. Prlscilla .
Christern. Joachim Hou rice. John "W.
.Clerc, Pierre-- Hcheellne/ Simon
. Cooney. William G. Shawl, Morris
Craven. 'William finyder. Arthur D.
Darby. George J. ' Thompson, Mary A.
FerbecTi (Infant) Threlfall. Mary A.
Gamble. Annie E. Thursten, Lewis
GI1s>n. Alexander Vose. Rufus C. „
Hooper. Major W. B. , Wagner. Louis P. -
Lorton, William A. Ward. William G.* 1
Lutz, Carl Williams. Geo. H. - -
In Oakland. July 18, 1903. Pliny,
husband of Emma D. Bartlett. and father, of
Pliny V. S., Grace E. and Ralph G. Bart-
lett and Mrs. C. D. Galvln/a native of
fcprlngfleld. Mass., agM 81 years.
BEAL— In this city. July 18>1003. Mary E..
Infant daughter- of Ridley and 'Mamie Beal,
a, native of San Francisco, aged 24 days."
BLANEY— In this city, July 17. 1903, Henry
I - beloved and only eon of John Henry and
Margaret Blaney. a native of San Francisco.
iryFunewU 'from Ht. Mary's Cathedral
Monday. 'at 10 o'clock. Interment - strictly
private. •
BOLAND— In this city. July 1$, 1803. May
EWred. dearly beloved wife of W. F. Bo-
und and mother of Eldred Boland. a na-
tive 'of New York, aged 41 years 2 months
""r-yrrlends and acquaintances are respect-
r-iHv invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
/Monday). -at 10 o'clock, from her late reel-
dene*- 4<W Cole street. Interment; Holy Cross
Cemetery,' by electric ..funeral • car from
Flrhte*nth and Guerrero streets.
BRODERICK-In this city, July *7, 1903, «t
.PHYSICIANS AXD M7RGEO.\S.
UR. C. C. O'DOXNELL— Office a n.l. residence, j
1021 Markft *t.. bet. Sixth ana Seventh.
KEMCVCD— DIt. WONG HIM. '.ero doctor; ,
treats ail diseases cf the human Lcdy: for I
; past four years at 115-117 Mason: now lo- <
fmteU nt CC7 Geary st.. near Lrfavgaworth.
XjIT. TONG PO <:iir svc<-rr*or to L)r. LI Po |
Tal, herb doctor- cures ail diseases of human
• by use cf l-.erbs ar.d teas. 727 Washington st. ;
UL<X)D, Fkin and rectal diseases * *pecialty.
.. IM. HALL. 1C37H Market Et.
tVON'O WOO, the famous herb doctor — All dl»-
«>»fa cur^d by Chin»i.g herbs "«ft- s Clay «t.
*-™£3!!?5*5; l:j AXD W.*JltEHO£SKS.__^
* A— EMPORIUM StcraeTiTvan Co.: furniture,
¦household goods stored, moved, ehlpped. 725-
T%1 Howard «., noar Third; rheme Grant 161.
n ERCE-T>CDOLPH Storage "& Moving Co.. of-
flce Pnst and Powfll e:s. : tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S storage— Furniture and merchan-
*dl*e. 323 Golden Gate »vp.; phone Eaet 126.
OOLDEN Wesit Ftorace ¦ advances made: S40
Mission tt.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
l'ACIFIC Storage en<I Furniture Moving Com-
,J>any. 2320' Fillmore ft.; phone Jackson 2SI.
EEKINS Ven'and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
at.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
A WEEK'S news for 5 rf-nu— The Weekly Call.
36 pgp-es. i n » r arr*T. fcr mailing, fl per year.
SEWIXG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES
SIS tO drop-head oak. guaranteed: second-hand.
?8 to fl5; boiw nearly new; tiO days' exchange
agreement. Chiragro S.M. Exchange. 933 Mkt.
et.. b<-t. 6th and Cth; phone South 433: eleva-
tor; branch. 2S5 Geary tt. ; phone Main .750.
_'" " TO LEASIS. :,'
LARGE M*rkf-t-*t. corner tot, rwar City Hall,
to lease frw a term of years, vacant, or owner
would erect a suitable building. McAFEE
BP.OS.. lt-8 Montgomery ft.. S. F.. Cal.
BOOMS FOR HOl'SEKEEPIXG.
A NEW apartment bouse; furnished and un-
fun-Jfhftd rooms; new management; elevator;
hot and cold water. 1049 Market, opp. Jones.
AT Mayflower; cut rates now for summer. 308
3d st.; $S up; also beautiful rooms $1 week.
ELEVENTH. 106 — Two cr three sonny fur-
nislwd rooir.s for housekeeping.
ELL.IS, 117k — Front alcove, newly furnished.
with or without use of kitchen; bath; phone.
FAIR OAKS, 210— Sur.ny furnished or unfur-
tUshed rooms for housekeeping; gas.
.-I AYES. lev;, opposite park — Clean, sunny
housekeeping, also elngl* rooms : iS-JIO up.
HERBERT (The) — Bunny apartments for
housekeeping; gas ranges; Just newljr fur-
nlshed. IS30 Polk st.
HOWARD. 1074*, — 2 rooms, one front, nicely
furnished for light housekeeping.
HOWARD. 1SC1 — Large, tunny paJior. bedroom
end large real kltciien; reference; no children.
liTDE. 412 — Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms; bafh, laundrj' yard; flS; also single
room.
KEARNT. 104 — Sunny unfurnished front suite.
f 15 ; references .
MISSION*. HS53— An elegantly furnished front
snito for housekeeping; water, gas and phont;
other room* from $1 50 per week up.
3 NICE housekeeping rooms. Apply 23^4 Mots
* tt.. off Howard.
1344 MARITET ST..
Opposite Seventh.
Nicely furnished roqms, single and for house-
k.->eririK: reasonable.
MARTHA piaee, 4. off Geary, between Taylor
and Mason fts. — 1 BBOBjr furnished rooms.
OAK. 117— Neatly furr.ithed eunny suite; sink,
F*s rnr.se, hot bath, laundry; adults $12;
£ir.g.le J5. .
POST. 7Jti — Sunry furnished parlor floor for
housekeeping, S27; others. $10; sunny single,
<7 and. »fe. ;
SlXTHrEN'TH. 3077 — Two nicely furnished
roonis.fot housekeeping; no children. .
I20«— Model house: new furnished >
houtekeepirg rooms; $5 and $12.
TAYLOR, pil — Sur.ny housekeeping room: fold-
• ' R *> .E*^ : S&* range; fS; j-ingle room, $7.
THREE neatly furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing? rent reasonable. Apply 15 Langtori St..
ne^r Seventh, off Howard.
TWKKTV-SlXTH.":ao3, cor. Capp— Hous»-
k<8ylr.gj rrmn-.t to' let; furnished er nnfurn'fl.
TWEXTY-THIRO, 372S, near Dolores — Sunny
haV-rindo*- furmiihed rocra; nice, neat; com-
I !ete for houseKecping. Apply 372t> Twenty-
Uiird-su
VALENCIA." 1ST — Three large, sunny rooms,
luraisiied complete for housekeeping; separate
entrance BfOBt end back, with bath and. gas;
no small children; rent $22 50.
VALENCIA. 1M1 — Two large sunny well-£ur-
ntohed . rooms .for housekeeping; fine bath;
gas fcucplicd for cocktng and lighting; rent
tlti in-. nth. i
CLA£6IFIED advertisements and rubecrtpUons
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
ROOMS TO LET — Pnrn. and l&fnrn.
GRAND ARMY OF THH. REPUBLIC.
ENCAMPMENT AUGUST. 1&03.
The Committee on Hotels and Accommoda-
tions of iht Grand Army oi the Republic
has arra£ged
With the
CITt P.O0M RENTING AGENCT.
1104 Market n.. cor. Turk and Market,
H cc ni» 3 and 4, Pbone Jessie 447L
To act wltt the Committee in locating • V- -
visitors to the Encampment, In private
residences, boardl&g and rooming houses.
Hous*h3!ders desiring to accommodate visit -
crs -are requefted to notify without delay, the
City Hccrr. Kestlng Agency of such accom-
modations as they have to effer. None but'
thoroughly respectable houses will be listed,
and the use will be subject to inspection by
a representative *it the Agency, and Isx mil
rases must be approved by the G. A. R.
CoriRiiuee cf Management before visitors
will be assigned thereto.
A^ THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL,
115 AND J17 EDDY ST.
US AND 117 EDDY ST.
MOST MODERN AND UP-TO-DATE HO-
TEL. DOWN TOWN; 160 ROOMS: 2» SUITS
WITH PRIVATE BATH; ELECTRIC
LIGHTS: STEAM HEATED THROUGH-
OUT; TELEPHONE IN EVERY ROOM;
KUITS WITH BATH, SI CO TO $2 50 PER
DAY: SINGLE EDOME, 75c TO $1: HOT
WATEB DAY AM) NIGHT. TELEPHONE
SOUTH 1041.
A SEVENOAK8 HOTEL
COR. BUSH AND TAYLOR STS
£AN FRANCISCO
MTtS. NELLIE HALFEY J. R. FOSTER
XEW AND MODERN FIRST-CLASS RESI-
DENTIAL * TRANSIENT HOTEL; SUNNY
P.OOMS WITH PRIVATE BATHS; LONG-
DISTANCE TELEPHONE IN EVERY
ROOM: ENTIRE HOUSE HBATEDJ BY
STEAM; ELECTRIC ELEVATORS.
A....... ...HOTEL ST. AUGUSTA
HOTEL 6T. AUGUSTA...
63C GEARY ST
..636 GEARY ST
..NEAR TAYLOR ST.— PHONE EAST OSi,.
Contain* 100 large »unny rooms, eingle an*
ca suite; also bathroom suites: electric lights;
electric elevator; eteara* h*ated; European
I'.iTi; firct-claas service; moderate rates;
phene In •v*ry rocra. ] ____
A. A dtr Room Besting Agency. - -
1104 Market st.. cor. Turk and Market sta.,
•¦ Rooms 3 and 4. Phons Jessie *4*L
FREE — - FREB
OT« locate you free of eharr*
tn Booms with or without board.
Housekeeping Rooms or HcteU.
A— HOTEL NETHERLAICD — EUROPEAN
PLAN l» TUBK ST., ' 4 DOORS FROM
MARKET; 250 OUTSIDE ROOMS; STEAM
HEAT AND TELEPHONE Hi EVERY
ROOM: RATES 75c A DAT CP; SPECIAL.
RATES BY THE MOXTH.
A A6HWORTH ¦•
220 MAKON FT., bet. Geary and OTarrell.
ROOMS SINGLE AND EN SUITE....
..PCIVATE BATH— BOARD OPTIONAL..
SUN IN ROOMS ALL DAY
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms
»e to $1 per night. $1 23 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almcrte." f73 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c. 50c. $1. « 60 night;
SI T,Q to $ao week; bous* open ell nlgbt-
ANTLERR. 4:3 Turk 3, 4 and 5 room apart-
irresu for hkpg.; strlctiy mod.; elec elevator.
A LARGE furclsbed room for 1 or 2 cents;
bath; running water; references. 8S» Post st.
EL'RNFnr. 1C8 Market— <cld No. 1361)— Fur-
__ nished rooms, suites, tingle; alto furnished.
CaPP. Pl«l— Large »unny ' furnished front
room; ITivate family; reasonable. ¦
CLIFFORD. 20* EUIs cor. Mason— Elegantly
furr.itheii runny rooms; prices reasonable.
EI>r>Y. 722— Punny ana elegantly furnished
suite of rooms for raan and wlf*.
FILBERT. 5S2 -Sunny front furnlfthed room*;
r-panifch family.
FILLMORE. 172cITNic7^unny furnished room
„ - r 1 CT 2 t™'^: toth.
1 '- Market-Large,- bay-
r*nt££en T0QTa - * u it«b!e /or one or two
FI X££ rS. «'te» and
his residence. 16(Hi '¦ Natoma street, Thomas,
dearly beloved . husband of- Margaret Brodar-
ick. devotod father of Mamie, Celia and
Katie Brcderlck, Mrs. A. Owen and Mrs. J.
Kane, uncle of ¦ Mrs. E. Erickeen," - and
' brother-in-law of Mrs. J. McConoJogue, a na-
tive of County Galway, Ireland, aged «2
years and 7 months. ...
CXFrientJ* ,ard acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8 o'clock, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, -where a requiem high mass
will -be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 0 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
CHRISTEUX— In this city, July 16, 1903,
Joachim, beloved husband of Annie. Chris-
tern, father of Arthur and stepfather of Fred
Chrfatern. a native of Schoenberg. Germany,
aged M year* 10 months and 11 days. A
member of California Lodge No. 634, W. of
the W. ; Vereln Deutscher Foerster, and San
Francisco Lodge No. 1. O. der H. S.
Ity Friends and acquaintances are respect-
v fully Invited- to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Theodor Dlerks. 057 Mission street, between
Fifth and Sixth, and thence by electric fu-
neral car to Cyprefs Lawn Cemetery for in-
terment, leaving Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets at 2:45 o'clock. • ' •
CLERC— In this city, July 18, 1903. Pierre
Clerc, beloved husband, of Mra. Pauline
Clere. and steofather of Emlle and August
Henri, a native of France, aged *76 years ti
months and 17 days.
IE7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited tor attend the funeral Monday.
July 20. 190.1, at 1 o'clock, from his late
residence. . 2¥72 Twenty -second street, thence
to Union-sauare Hall, where services will
be held under the auspices of "La Gauloise."
commencing at 2 o'clock. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
COONEY— In this city. July 16. 1903, Wil-
liam G.. beloved son of William and Mary
Cooney. a native of Providence, R. I., aged
27 years - and 29 days. A member of • the
Gentlemen's Sodality of St. Ignatius'. (Provi-
dence, R. I., papers Dlease copy.)
E7"FriendB and acquaintances are respect-
- fully Invited to attend the - funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of tht parents. 21 Beaver • street, thence to
Mission Dolores C*»urch for services.- Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CRAVEN— ki Ocean View, July — , 1903, Wil-
liam, btloved husband of Jane Craven, father
of Peter end John Craven and Mrs. • P.
Knapp, and brother of Peter Craven, a na r
tive of Banaghen, Kings County, Ireland,
aged 72 years.
DARBY— In this cits', July 18, 1903, George
J., beloved son of James and Margaret Dar-
by, and brother of John J.. Annie. Margaret.
Katie, Christopher. Francis and Etta Darby,
a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year 0
months and 15 days.
(E7Frlend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
the parents, 7'4 Freelpn Street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
FERBECK— In thin city. July 7. 1903, Infant
son of Mr. and "Mrs. Harry. Ferpeck.
GAMBLE — In this city. July 16. 1003, Annie
E.. beloved daughter of Patrick and the late
Bridget Gamble, and sister of Richard, Wil-
liam and Frank Gamble and the late Mrs.
D. Sweeney, a native of San Francisco, aged
21 years, f*
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the fun^U
parlors of McFadden, McBrearty & GrePi.
1171 Mission street, between Seventh and
Eighth. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GILSON— In Oakland, July IS. 1003, Alexan-
der Gilson, beloved brother of Mrs. Malisla
Erhardt, a native of Indiana, aged 54 year*
7 months and 21 days.
HOOPER— In this city, July 16. 1903, Major
William B. Hooper, a native of Richmond,
Va.; aged 06 years. - . «-
ICTFuneral services will be held at Trinity
Church, corner of Bueh and Gough streets,
on Monday. July 20. at 2 o'clock. Interment
private. Cypress Lawn Cemetery. Comrades
' of the G. A. R., Companions of the Loyal
Legion, members of the Masonic fraternity
and friends are Invited to attend the ser-
vices at the church. The clerical members
of the standing committee and others of the
clergy who may (attend, are asked to . bring
their vestments and to come to the vestry-
room of Trinity Church at 1:30 o'clock.
LORTON — In San Mateo. July 18. 1903, Wil-
Ham A., beloved husband of Hortense P.
Lorton. and father of Eugene B., Frederick
D.. John M. and Thomas E. Lorton, a na-
tive of Iowa, aged t'2 years 8 months and 20
days. J
E7"Inlerment Redwood Cemetery, Redwoou
City. Cal.. Monday. July 20, at 11 o'clock.
LUTZ — At the German Altenheim, July 16,
1903. Carl Lutz, a native of Harzburg,
Braunschweig, Germany, aged 76 years.
|T7Friend8 and acquaintances . are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 3 o'clock, from the parlors of
Theodor Dlerks, 957 Mission street, between
Fifth and Sixth. ' Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
MAGINNIS— In this city. July 18. 1903, Chris-
topher Msginnia, a native of Ora&ge County,
New York, aged 62-year*.' (Oakland papers
please copy.) . - -. ......
(CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), nt 9:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of James McGinn &• Co., 214 Eddy
street, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the rer>ose of his" soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. I
MALLON— In Soledad, Monterey County, Cal..
July 16. 1003, Thomas F. Mallon, beloved
husband of Mary Mallon, a native of County
Meath. Ireland, aged 65 years 8 months and
1 day. A member of General George G.
Meade Post No. 48, G. A. R.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from Holy Cross
Church. Eddy street, between Scott and De-
visadero. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery,
by carriage. Remains at the parlors of A.
W. Martin & Co.. 319 O'Farrell street. .
MANNING— In this city. July 18, 1903, Bessie,
beloved daughter - of William J. and Mary
Manning, and sister of May F. Manning, a
native of San Francisco, aged 9 years 4
months and 11 days. . . ¦
iMAHBLES- In this city, July 18, 1903. Cath-
* erlne, dearly beloved wife of Oliver J. Mar-
bles, and mother of Mrs. Louisa Welch and
Frances Marbles, a native of Ireland, aged
63 years. »
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to £t, Roee's Church for services at
10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MOORE— In the City and County Hospital,
July IS. 1903, Prlscilla Moore, a native of
England, aged 6t> years.
ROURKE— In this city, July 18, 1003. at his
residence, 1924 Pine street, John William,
beloved husband, of Mary Rourke, and father
of Edgar Loul*/ Rourke, Alice R. Baldwin
and the late Florence Geraldine Rourke, a
native of Brooklyn. N. Y.
E7"Notlca of funeral hereafter.
BCHEELINE— In this city. July 16. 1903.
Simon Scheellne, beloved husband of Hen-
rietta Scheeline, father of Edwin. Lester and
Harold Scheellne, Mrs.. Samuel Hlrschfelder
and Beatrice Scheellne, and brother of Na-
than, Meyer and Benno Scheellne of this
city, Alexander Scheeline of Pennsylvania,
Isanc Scheellne _ and Clara Helnsfurther of
Germany, * a native of .Thalmaessing, Ba-
varia, aged 61 years 4 months and 24 days.
(Downieville and Qulncy papers please copy.)
(E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the' funeral to-day
(Snnday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1U35 Clay Btreet. Interment Home of
Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets.
8HAWL— In this city. July 16. 1903, at the
Pacific Hebrew Home, Morris Shawl, be-
loved brother of Louis, Mark and Gus Shawl,
a native of Prussia, aged 72 years.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted Sc Co., 946 Mission street. Inter-
ment Hills of Eternity Cemetery, N by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
SNYDER — In Mountain View, July 11, 1903.
Arthur Davidson Snyder. beloved son of Ar-_
thur J. and Lenora A. Snyder, and brother
of Alonzo J. and Lizzie E. Snyder, a native
of Mountain View, Cal., aged 8 years 2
I months and 13 days.
THOMPSON— In this city, July 18, 1903. Mary
A., beloved wife of the late Francis M.
Thompson, daughter of J. W. Crawford,
mother, of Edward F. Thompson and Mrs.
Samuel Rose, and sister of G. B. Crawford
an*. Mrs. Frank Hayes, a nsJiye i of Phila-
delphia, Pa., aged 54 years 8 months and 13
days. '~j* '
THRELFALL— In Alameda. July 17, l»03.
Mary Ann Threlfall. widow or the late-John
Threlfall. and mother of Mrs. Julia Grinnell,
Albert Threlfall. Mrs. Agnea Haile and the
late Mrs. Joseph Blacow, a native of New
York, aged 75 . years 0 months " and 7 days.
E?"Fr:ends aequalrrtances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral ¦ Monday,
July 20. 1903, at^ri o'clock, from the Chris-
tian Church at Irvington. Cal. ' Interment
lrvington Cemetery.
THUltSTEN— In Oakland,: July 18. - 1903, - Lewis
Thursten, beloved ton' of Lewis and Katie
Thursten, and brother of Annie. Ellen. Ed-
die and Etna Thursten. a, native of San
Francisco, aged 10 years and 5 months..
VOSE — In Albuquerque. N.M.. June 30, 1003.
Rufus Chandler, beloved brother of George A.
Vose, a native of . Augusta, Me., aged
years.:
WAGNER— In Iron King. : Ariz.. July 3, 19O.'5. v
' Louis P., only son of Philip A. and Anna C.
Wagner, and brother of. Dr. B. W. Stark,
Mra. F. M. Maestrettl and Dr. S. W. Easton.
* aged 37 years and 18 daye.
lCInterrnent*-et Empire Otty. New. v ,
WARD— In San Rafael, July 15. 1903, Wil-
liam G.. beloved husband of Hattle M. Ward,
and father of Chester G. • and Winnie , R.
Ward, a -native of Illinois, aged "47 years -9
months and 18 days. (Baltimore, Chicago
• and Toi>eka. Kans.. papers please copy.)
(E7Friends and .acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
at 2 o'clock, from the funeral parlors of Por-
ter & White, 122 Eddy street. v Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery. : v
WILLIAMS— In this city. July 17. 1903. George
H., beloved husband of Frances J. Wil-
liams, a native of New Jersey, aged 62 years
10 months and 3 days. . ,
- ,<ny Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully irtvlted to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), -at 2 o'clock, from the Red Men's
Hall, 320 Post street, under the auspices of
George H. Thomas Post No. 2, G. A. R.
lntermpnt National Cemetery, Presidio.
THE rm-mbers of Aurora Lodge No. 202. ¦
Knights and Ladles of Honor, are requested
to attend the funeral of our = late brother,
George H. Williams, from Red Men's Hall,
320 Post street. Sunday. July 19. at 2 o'clock.
ANNA THOMSON, Protector.
WILL B. FAULKNER, Secretary. '
I NEAR EST TH E CITY "^
1 OFFICE'. 916 MARKET ST f j
HENRY J. C ALL ACHE R CO
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher l
DANIEL. P. DONOVAN, Mgr ¦-.-¦¦
FUNERAL DIKBCTOR8 AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.,
UNITED UNDERTA KBRS.
Funeral 'Directors and Embalmers— —_
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple
Now a.t 86« MISSION. Tel/ South 167
Between Fourth and Firth.-Near Fifth at.
Finest Equtpmenu at Moderate Rates.
F. J, Monahan. President.
IVaOiNAHAN & CO.,
(Inc.) •• /'.*¦¦¦
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
2339-2341 Mission at. Telephone Mission 8L
James McGinn." ' Henry '- Hanscn. V
JAMES McGINN & CO., ' I
Formerly With McGinn Bros.. I
. -—Funeral Directors and - nmbalmera— I
*-', ,214'Eddy st.; Tel. South 07ft. • j
y t EAILWAY TBAVEL.
Are You Afraid
Of High Altitudes?
'X CS • * i- -*. ." ~.-.
Then take : the route'of low altitudes — the
V El Paso-Rock'Island Line/
• - The highest point en route is several hun-
dred feet lower than the highest point on any )±A
- other transcontinental line. •
Thro' trains San Francisco to Kansas City -
and Chicago; sleepers, tourist car, ehair car, diner.
'¦ii ¦ liafflHBSBirfti mfbrmatioa at Soctbcra Pacific ticket offices,
ffWrjf or by writing
ra I 1'Ihib M I'll t'n • •
F. W. THOXfPSON, Genml Westan Aisst,
lOn? * nm"«3A> jral 6a3 Market Street, San Fnscaea.The Judge In granting th© motion said.
after speaking of Greany's service as a
public officer: "I may be permitted to say
a few words touching the sense of per
sonal loss I feel In his death. I knew him
for many years. He was my friend. My
official relations with him were closely af
fected and largely Influenced by the thor
ough understanding which I had of his
personal character and worth. I trusted
him Implicitly, because I knew that In all
that he did the only Impulse that moved
him was a desire to do right for its own
eake." own
Judge Dunne returned from his vacation
yesterday morning, and when .court con
vened Attorney W. H. Alvord presented
a motion that when court adjourned it
would do so out of respect to the memory
of John T. Greany, who was the Assistant
District Attorney of the court for several
years prior to his death. In doing so At
torney Alford spoke In eulogistic terms of
the departed and said: "As a lawyer he
was able and loved his profession; as a
public officer he knelt at the shrine of
duty. From his struggles before the bar,
from the whirlpool of politics, he always
emerged with a conscience that was clear
and a name that was unsullied, even by
the breath of suspicion."
Attorney W. H. Alford Speaks in
Judg© Dunne's Court of
Late Attorney.
PAYS TBIBTJTE TO MEMORY
OF LATE JOHN T. GREAITY
It ended In those men getting up in court
and telling those awful 6torles. It Is terrible.
I eball probably not pursue the matter any
further, although my lawyer tell* me I might
compel th« Judge to hear our "tide of the
case.
The first time he signed I couldn't read his
name. # Then I asked him to sign again and
he did eo. He was evidently under the In
fluence of liquor and as a matter of fact he
Is never what you really call sober. Then I
brought suit" to com;*l him to pay after he
had repeatedly refused to do so.
I went to the drur store .o talk with him
and we went Into a little room that he uses
for an oftlc*. There was nothinr but a desk
and aome chairs In there. There was not a
word said about kissing or drinking. I never
drink. I finally persuaded Mm to give me a
note.
She says that M. Doolan of Oakland
never attained the eminence of touching
her. rich, ripe lips with his own, and that
Ehe never received a note of any kind
from him, either In the way of a billet
<loux or a financial statement. She wishes
It to be thoroughly understood that she
is not prodigal of her treasures. Her tale
of woe Is in part as follows:
I met Dr. Hicks about three years agt> and
ct course I did not know what kind cf a man
he wu. He ha« bich family connections I
hav« heard. Anyway, he came u> me last
November and wanted to borrow $100 from
rne. I do not think it a nice thins: for a «nan
to c*t rnon*y from a woman but I did not say
anything at the time. I loaned him the money.
When I asked him for It later he said he
wanted to buy a yacht end could rot epare
the $100. After a while I s«nt him a re
minder and It fell Into his wife's hands. He
raid as lonp a* the knew about it he was not
going to pay me.
Miss Marian Green indignantly denies
that Bh© took a note for $125 from Dr.
"William P. Hicks In payment of a kiss.
Eh© further declares that she never be
stowed any osculatory favors whatever
upon the medical man, and that she
would not want to do so under any cir
cumstances. There is no on© In the wide
world she would kiss, sh© says, except
"Mr. Risht."
Miss Green feels greatly grieved that
Justice of the Peac« Lawton should have
thrown her case out of court. She thinks
he is not gallant, to say the least. And
those "awful men" who said that sh© per
mitted them to caress her In th© back
room of the drug store on th© corner of
Polk and McAllister streets are beneath
contempt, she thinks. It is true, she
admits, that 6h© was there In company
with 5everal men, but on business only.
It has caused her the greatest embar
rassment, she asserts, to have had such
a s*cry made public, because her friends
all call her "Miss Prim" on account of
the reserve which she maintains when In
the presence of betrousered humanity. She
shrinks from the kiss of man as does the
night flower from that of the rising sun.
Miss Green's tempting lips curl In scorn
at the statement of Hicks and those oth
ers who were present on that memorable
occasion In the small room in the rear of
the drug store that caution-obliterating
liquids were passed around. "It Is a vile
lie." she avers, "manufactured by those
men to help Hicks keep from paying me
that money."
"Mr. -Bight" -Is the One Man
Who May Administer
Caresses.
Marian Green Grieves
at Termination of
Lawsuit.
ASSERTS HICKS
GOT NO KISSES
circles that the Nevada block Is worth
between $750,000 and $800,000.
Baltimore has a man who Is earning an
excellent living tattooing dogs. *
a membership of 367 and will be an im
portant factor In the coming primaries.
Saratoga Club Will Meet
The Saratoga Democratic Club of the
Forty-second District wili hold a meeting
this evening for the purpose of deciding
upon the couree to be pursued at the
coming primary election. The club has
To Sausalito, I Mill J Valley.; Ros» , and ¦ San Ra
fael. V Fare 25c «. to • 50c round trip. - , Ferrr
depart. (North Shore K. R) »t »• 10. : 11.
11:30 a. m.. 12:80.^ 1:30. 2 135.: 3:50 5 00. 6 00.
7 :30. 0 :00. U M5 p. 1 m. ;•« Arrives^ at -7 .30. 8 45.
9 :15 ~; 10:15, '¦-. 11 :lo : a <> m.. ¦• 12 :00, • 12 :50, ~ 1 :55,
Pleasant , Sunday Trip
frThe, Nevada'- block, situated on Hont
gomenr and ; Pine '. streets," . has - been - sold
by Mrs. John ' W. Mackay , and . her. son,
Clarence ;¦' H.\ Mackay, C and ¦ his ' wife to
James ! L.Flood. ; : ; _, •/: . ; "
Three deeds were filed at the Recorder's
office yesterday "afternoon ,by .which, the
entire property was ;' first conveyed to
Flood v and i an undivided ; one-half ; of > the
property \ then conveyed by Flood and' his
wife to the; Nevada National "Bank; ¦
: One ' deed was, made, in London on May
18, / In . which ; Mrs. Mackay conveyed her
interest in the' property"; to Flood,- and; a
second -deed ' was 'signed / in Paris on May
19," in "which r Clarence *; Mackay - and' , his
wife: deeded their ; interest ; in : the property
to Flood.V, -" ; .;
r The .consideration mentioned In the
deeds • made - by : the Mackays ; to i Flood is
given as $10,* and * a similar, amount figures
in / theldejsd ' by, which Flood /conveys £ a
half -interest in -the -property = to ; the Ne
vada Bank. 1 •
It is generally' estimated: in real estate
The defendants were ¦ arrested, but the
evidence not being satisfactory, they were
discharged In the Police f Court.-' Subse-
\ On the evening before the burglary they
procured a . wagon from G. Matfonl's
stables, through the Innocent aid ' of i F.
Marion Wells, the sculptor, and ; loaded
the safe on the wagon., -They; drove* to
a vacant lot near , the Presidio, where the
safe, which weighed . nearly -600 '- pounds,'
was broken open with a loaded hammer,'
made expressly for the .purpose,; and the
contents taken. There was a third party,
who escaped arrest. - -
Gabriel Glraud and Gu stave Ma join e,
convicted of burglary, were sentenced yes
terday by Judge Lawlor, to ! serve -fifteen
years each, the' former' in jFoIsonvpeni
tentiary and ' the • latter in ' San : Quentln.
They broke Into the, bakery of: Alexander
Ballly, 822 Montgomery street, . on; -^the
morning of January 11. andcarried off the
safe, which contained $612 In coin and a
number of checks and papers.
¦ '.: ' . . .; ' - -¦ - - . .
Deeds Are Filed Con
• veying Property to
James L. Flood.
Two French Crooks Will
Each Serve Fifteen
x Gcirs.
MACKAYS SELL
NEVADA BLOCK
The police have 'sent \ av history ; of [ the
case to, the French authorities with photo
graphs of the prisoners.- On the person 1 of
Giraud" was found* a, letter from; Marius
Giraud.'J^yons, France, .requesting i;- his
brother "to .send, him a certain .form of
drug to .be" mlxed;with tobacco and used
to stupefy -his. victims. '*; As \t is unlawful
to have opium > in' France, * the request ; is
made' that, the^drug be, ' sent In: a. 'large
package, as it .would be^more likely.to de
ceive the t custom-house officials. ,The
letter -bears ; evidence" of i a '•¦!. pronounced
criminality on- the part of the writer. He
refers ' most ' flippantly ; to - the : failure of
some of f his •' nefarious ; schemes , and : de
clares that he needs the'aid*of. his brother
here to secure the success of his criminal
projects. ; He also asks his brother to pro
cure an American, poison.named. curare. -
The Judge," fn? pronouncing sentence,
said : "From the . desperate ' character of
this entire transaction, • the : reckless ; man
ner in which V the . , defendants perjured
themselves on the witness-stand and. the
evil suggestion ' which Issues, from such of
their past as -has been -revealed, -it ,1s
clear that there, should be no temporizing
with these criminals." ', , \ ,
quently Glraud made '. a confession -to
Alexander. Chort and his k wif e,", which .was
overheard by Detective "Wren, and A.
Jonanson,' who were in an adjoining room..
He had been boasting previously of doing
the deed and '; the ¦ plan was ' laid to have
him repeat the story. . They.- were again
arrested and were held to answer.
LONG SENTENCES
GIVEN BURGLARS
¦ : -- * ; ' ••• •-. '' • / " - - -
THE SAN FBANCISCO/ CALL,' SUNDAY,; JULY 19, 1903.
44
The Art Supplement -with the
Sunday Call of July 26 will
make a most attractive picture
If framed with three or four
inch Flemish* dark green oak
and powdered gold ornamenta-
tions. ;¦¦;• :;..;
THE OLD HOMESTEAD.
BY
HE2TBY P. SMITH.
IDR. HOLS M AN|
8 CURES AFFLICTEO MEN 8
I QUiCKLY ™e PERMANENTLY •
§ r ~ Largest and best equipped •
Medical Institute and n)ost 8
extensive practice in the 8
West Consultation- free at f
office or by mail. : •¦' 8
I .hjave become faroous 8
by curing the followiog all- 8
last. Vitality TJnnatuxal I.o«»e. •
ITervon* Debility PT«aatui« Seear • A
Special Diseases Stricture. Suptux* a
1 Blood Polscn Varlcocele, Tumor* a
Kidney and Biieaies of th» ?
9 J Bladder Dl«eaies Heart and luajs ®
A ' I make no charge fora friendly talk or correspondence. I have b«en exclusiveiy 5
:Z< treaUng" special diseases of men for 17 years. Nothing science" can tfevUe- or money •
I 2 .. ; buy is . lacking In my office equipmen t. I will us« you honestly; treat you skill- •
• fully and . restore : you • to health In the shortest time, with the least medicine dls- A
0 comfort and expense practicable. I guarantee to cure any case I undertake * On« «¦>
A personal visit Is always preferred, bu t If you cannot call at my office write me your «Z
Z symptoms fully. Many cases can be cured at home. FREE BOOK describing 'n» • •
5 specialty at office- or by mail. ' «»cnoini my
• C. K. HOLSMAN, M. V.J2£SEl&88£n& •
e«**«*ee*eet)es»teoo*9ee»eceo*»«e«»«»«o»eo«»«s
HALE'S. | HALE'S. : ' • | X « \ * - "v : HALE'S/ ••"'- . : , : '\'J -'¦/ '. .: ' Wat.^b.' . TT ALE'S. HAT.F/S.
School To=iVlorrow. Hale's to the Front
Again with a host of timely offerings. \The* "Wide-Awake" 'store more wide awake. You're interested. Read on.
9c Dinner Ware ¦ ; Hole's Make First Showing
Tea cup and saucer, 9c •"¦• v - lldlC d i.TJLC«.IVt 1 HoL CllvfTViii^
igSr - ew Tall Walking Suits This Week
porcelain in covert flown blue. Nice- fijgyp^ . - f^^^-jr- A«£k D««I/-r^. 4l 1 /\ CA
l 'gSS£?-J£ r &2f!£- . f r *^^J^ ¦¦¦ :" m*T~~~ JUSt Une rice /^ lo - 3U
A^T^i ¦ ¦¦'¦. jSi^^^^in ' Suits we had made especially for school teachers, hurried to us by our New York buyer, so
decorated very prettily. * v x^v.^^?P^ l^^wZ W 1 • they wouldbe in time for school opening Monday. . .
i.00-PIECEDINNEBSET$48.OO &&$$%&§$& /¦^r^T^ I , i_
-Enough for twelve persona; <jg.oo. 1^^^^^ / ¦¦¦'C% l| 1\J ' ' When he left for the Esst some weeks ago his instructions were to have a
Ribbons! Ribbons! \ \ / 1V^\ iSlA line of suits made for school teachers; to turn his first efforts that way; to have them
Sash Ribbons I / of the ver y best cIoths » the ver y latest st y Ie; not to sacrifice a bit of quality but have
Neck Ribbons j J^S^^ft^ / ' " them at the very lowest price he could get them. * •
Patterns in taffeta, right widths. \ tflWI^V Mv ! how successful he has been and how proud we are to show these suits Monday. Just
Just the ones you want. Just the : Av^^'W&i ' I &i I Jlfl'Wr ' v . r
prices you like to share. /M&*s3$lp$$ ¦' "' i m //i \l\ as . swell as can be, and every one at $16.50. Not one you would guess at under $22.00 11 tney
At 30o yard — 4% inches wide. Beau- M^&^M&M ¦ ' >5^fe^T •// fl I • . ' J ¦ ° " . ?...,,. t_ A it 1 *u
smiered^Sm^cardinai^uir! ' . Pii ' weren't marked so plainly; and not one would be less than $22.00 if he hadnt bought the cloth
u? »o se ya^i d -iSft e ' lustrous taffeta ) - ipilS^fcf : ' ffT \tSm ¦ \ and tiien had the suits made up in such quantities as are usually unthought of, and got unusual price
white R and an tuSSe. PI &«SS | Jp@ 'IpIS '. \\\\ \ I concessions. He surprised us and now we want to surprise you to-morrow. We think so much of
A.t 330 yard— Fine 'quality soft taf- fc.:.. ,, ¦'"'¦% jf^ -* i 11 .1 them we put some of them in the window. Every one at $16.50.
feta, 6 inches wide. Marine, light : - : ""*-&'*K^'^ A i 1 1 ¦ ¦• ' ' ' V ' ""-•:.
Safze. p sfriped U Xcl- e coio C r a ed dl and . /K^^BP // I Every skirt is a 7-gore flare and made 'fine and full. Some of the suits are in the ; Russian
Splendid values to-morrow. Re- Pw^^'I^P Jill \ \ blouse effect, the jacket with the new peplum skirt that is going to be so popular this falL ]^Iade of
fre^thrh^^ WSandknOt3 /^pS Af'\\ extra quality covert doth, in tan. only. i _'
Sofa Pillows y<00W&-! : '&¦& • -Sam I V^J There's another single-breasted walking suit, in mannish style, made of mixed tweed suiting;
All filled and ready 'j^^M^^s0^'^^^^^^ dw /j i another has one of the fitted corset coats, made of fine English Cheviot — blue or black;
to use— not skimpily j&0%$^ /£ Jl b * <^ a fancy leather belt, cap capes over the shoulders and is taffeta lined.
and 'full. Worked in MW'Ml'* 1 ' * ? • : "^^L /S II — -* Another is. in the sack coat style, made of fine cheviot, and the front is trimmed with '4
silk chenille, finished } 0M^^ lvX&&. ¦; r^gfw^^Bggfc^; ffiilL^^^* fancy tucks, giving the coat a decidedly English air; lined with heavy satin,
with lar^e tassels on < : '^l£g^?\ 7 ~~ . J ' jo.' j
each corner. Many '^^^M®p^^^^&^^^S^ " v Then, there are others ; but come see them yourselves. They hold reception on the second
Linen Etamine 1 9c Yd. 500 Pairs 50c Curtains Great Offer Shirt Waists
Comes from Belfast. \ ' LACE CURTAINS, Nottingham style, 3 yds. long, 36 in. At 95c, 51^25, $1.50.
_ . , , , . , wide. . It's a lot our New York buyer happened to come across and
One of the most popular of the summer materials. . Hefe at ]ast , GnS ale to-morrow for thefirst time. And: sent us quick as an express train could bring them.
Fine meshy open r work. We've sold it for 35c yard. .. we advise early buying. / My, maybe we weren't glad to get them at these prices ! Splen-
Light, medium, navy blue, tan and green. Makes the prettiest Curtains are in white or ecru, of good strong thread. did values. \
,\ r_^ui' j a 4. i« M Pretty patterns. Fine for dining or bed room windows. To- The 95c ones
and most comfortable summer dresses, 19c yd. to close. , m b rr ovr coc oair A rc in fi °e embroidered lawn. The front has.a cluster of tucks to the tmst
n 1 ? r\ *u if^. \r a cuu . „ «->i/,. v«^H— - / • • J ¦ - > ? . line,' and tab collar, bishoo sleeves— white grounds with blue, green and
Galatea Cloth, 10c Yard— Shirting 12^4c Yard— / Curtnin^i fil 50 Pr 15c Art Cretonne I2^c Yd black embroidered fieures. . . J
and fancy stripes, 29 inches wide. wash material, 28 inches wide. I2j4c % r Tsl<£g, 50 to 56 inches wide. ™«JJ™ colors ' hTl * ht coverings for ff?nt has clusters of half-inch double stitched tucks to the bust line and is
yard. ' Cnttflcre" Curtains 65c Pr W* . «. * +- trimmed with fancy pearl buttons.
Fall Suiting 15c Yard— White Waisting 8c Yard— Re"uiaf 76c quality; 100 pair white Curtain Rods, 15C The $1.25 ones
30 inches wide — not too heavy, not It's an open-work effect. Dainty Lappett Swiss curtains. 40 inches wide, Brass extension curtain rods; Just Are of Mercerized Madras in plain colors — blue. pink, ox-blood and lay-
too light Neat stripes and small ffc- stripes,/ 2 8 inches wide. Very prettiest | &*«£ iffis^fo^iwc^o^balemeni lain dW£ri&?£i£^ r w1t& bucket's "der, They're just swell-made with tucked front to bust line, tab collar
ures, 15c yard. of white waistings. windows; 65c pair. and white ends, 30 to 50 inches, 15c. and bishop sleeves, $1.25.
Embroidery— Big .Chan'ce "¦*:¦¦¦' ...-^.^ "¦ . ~~" " ~ New Silks
To save. To ect the prettiest cambric, nainsook. Swiss 5— jflU<5S^ Z* 1 *^? Jt .^V.y^j^^^"'. ' \g^ /-\ * " /T~\ t»?S^lL Black Talfeta
edj^incs. insertions, all-overs— start to-morrow at Hale's. f^^^y rrr^» P^ C «im' i^T^^iiMBMPjAyTTjJ^iM*w^ " '/f tc 'st nn • rd
Cambric or nainsook edgings 1^2 to 3 l A inches wide; I 'jCi^A /f^ *^S^ ' C^S^S\ 7 1 24 in. wide, $1.2$ yard.
Col -°[n d he ed widf ' 2 t0 4 inChCS WidC " Inscrtion xVl WW W ni^k\-'~~~~ "'" -MpP jTTPT Just here for sharing this week— lovely quali-
10c Yard, worth 15c. Wvi JH l/^S^vg - * .•••"' jr 11 J? B fir r{ tieS — we so muc h of them — so positive
Cambric embroidery, 2^2 to 9 inches wide. Swiss r^ w^ *9k. [Jj*** i of their worth we ask you to take samples
cambric and nainsook insertions, 2 to 3/4 inches wide. . '^fc ¦ ¦ .' , eS^t>» «_j \l"^.'*,* *,:* ?u-^. ...ri+L *-u^?-~ ..»..>ii c^j 1-
_ . _ . . , ' ¦ w^z* and compare tnern witn tnose you 11 nnd else-
Swiss Embroidery. ; - . . , - ' ,
With colored edging, 2 l / 2 to 5 inches wide, and inscr- , School ObenS To-MorrOW. Where,
tion 2^2 inches. . . * ___________^_ »
I^IHI n||: \ i in Half's for School Needs pajamas $1.00 suit
Swiss embroideries, with colored edeines 4 to 6 - _ .:=. ¦• ¦. Now, men ! They will be snapped up eaeer-
jnches wide. Insertions 2 to 3 inches wide. > No matter what they are — ' . ... f ' __. ' .. „/. .¦,¦••-¦ ,
_ , J c -¦ .•'¦.¦ , ....... / — ly. Wonder if you 11 be quick enough to get
NOW for DreSS QbOdS. Pencils, Slates, Paper, School. Books-even Free Ruler :. your share?. Regular $1.25 values. Good Madras
Advance fall arrivals. Prettier weaves than we have - A v . _ To every person purchas- cloth. Patterns are all neat; in blue, pink and
seen in many a day. These we are goins: to show Mon- And well fill tables full of your most wanted needs, near front ing school supplies we will red. stripes. They are well made. All sizes, 36
day. _Beautiful Venetians and Crepes. But lets start entrance, so you can get at- them easily. g g^ ¦$£%&£& hardwood to 42. $1.00 a suit to-morrow.
Hale'S Roval Sei»£e 50C Yd Plenty of salespeople >to wait on you quickly. Plenty of prices ru i er free. Pajam... $ i as smt-Fianneiette. rood quality, beautiful
It's a beautiful doth and we eSrantee it fullv Mad*. lower'tlian'yOU find elsewhere. Remember, Hale's for School needs. : i : . patterns, wellmade. all sizes. J1.25«ult.
Hints-:.- :-. :..; . "^T^JSZlSZSSSZSZSF&SZz
school dresses. It can't be duplicated at 50c yard. """"compwf" '"' <" » tat. Filled »»«*«¦. g * «ij Ite ».J»m.., J1.75 rat-Made ¦<* heavy jraae fla.mel.tt.: Urg.
Silk and Wool Crepe, $!.oo Yard. i^.mSIS^. In packet, not. .and Wter .1»... • lSf."w^«^S. 1 i^a.%^*A, h n ud' C |n 1 °'ir«ncy color, vaHet^of^pauern^ .11 fancy trimmed, fnll Iln. .r
C e he »'^'S, I c i ;?o?.Sd"ofac'£T.!?S-ya^ ry C.»p...«o»^-ZrStnJ^S^Ur,*. "so pa s ... 1«- l™™*™™™"^?'^!; &V* W' " J *°" ' J?" 00 "«-«— «' «»« ««-'* -hit, tto**.
Venetians, $1.00 a Yard. • ' Com^f^VoS.-^. Covered with ¦eatheret... , Excel- SBffi4»at?B3SfA!?!«ffi^«&* «¦!-*. %?£ £££££££*,£££
SiJSL iJ^Swgn.^Sr » UMt Ml °" r^S^S^^^S: : u..t Every gj Sf""^ itSIip gg , — .a-.nt, 6 ,:..? s »l t " """""^^ »-"
{^j^/ffi/^Jiiff/ /j£f/ __, ««\ Pen Point«, a««orted, I0o dozen. Slate PencllB, 12o hundred. * /$&
J^ff*Wft /£*/ /£cj£—^ <£$£y^L 1>ebcr> " Ink luid Pea cU Bra«er, wood center. 10c. \\ ••.'.-. Brawlnjr Paper, white — *SS& jBar O^ny— V
' /&*/ /f&f/ (sSs^SSe^ (&^P (Sgtg^* Eayle Drang-htln? Iiead Pencll^lc each ° *' ' Burlap School Bag's, with side handles. 9i4xl2 inches. 5c. CBff /&&r dStJ&^W&fffl&r^V&mS&f
/£&/ JsSu * Lead Peaclla, 9o dozen; rubber tipped, 9c dozen. School Basra, 10c — Cotton woven, lined on inside, and side fsS&f Ajf&t J^ y
/tig/ \Z^ri**Z%m* *-s*s*r**i. Plain Cedar lead P«acU«, 6c dozen. ... ' - .handles, 11 finches deep. 13 Inches wide. 10c . qgf ; :^^>g?^'^ V ' '
*^ ~*&a*£Z2l**& GOO&Q^ . Hexagron lead Pencil., 12c dozen; medium grade lead; 12c School Bagr«, a5c— -Extra heavy, w th fringe and draw *^fbZ "^VV> £}GiH>&^^
mm^^*BKm*mm^~^m^~^Ty:-;' i : dozen. .. ¦ • I strlnsrs at the top, 13% Inches wide, 13 inches deep. 2ac. -^ y^ «#»r%»i»^ig»^
eooooQeosocodoooeoeeeoeeoeoooeecGeeeeeeeoei
fo^fta WE TRUST THE PEOPLE. I
BOQ This Week s \
wD^L SPFCIAI !
(ffw5S~5^ <•> * «*-<•» 14 The celebrated Morris Chair, Just <
»f wCTTT t^ST ?& f IV PtPm as Ehown In picture. Solid <
lli'l MV'A JkH»*- -T^l l\ iifr/ oak frame, full size, very best <
llBlfih (0.JL.-K.1— . •£*&£* tl fi/)/ velour reversible cushion, in all col- <
I Ce'j AivSP^^-^-^Sr^^tcf I '/if ors - Adjustable to any position. A (
llllJI? li'^STlZir*" 1 gy chair that sells recularly in any »
httPf I' :g^g2JVy .'"jgy^rji] ?A -'"rniture house in this city for $3.00. j
MM g^^jg&^^l For this week $5.75 !
II «7»$! -jftjji^giffSjJP^^' - sJ / U \ Genuine all-wool 30xG0-inch Smyr'- <
\Ldef:WU _ <>--^-*^ \ \) n a Rupr; reversible; 1(X» patterns to <
-^^V ijfj ty select from. Sell regularly for $3.00. i
\ji \fos For this week {ft 1 « ff 5 i
25c size bottle of American Won- {
\*s der Polish; as good as the name.' i
Only. li)c \
EASTERN OUTFITTING CO., 1320=1328 Stockton Street ]
We funilrl: house* complete. All carejead to our store. Country 'orders: solicited.Vivisection Statistics.
LONDON. July IS.— The rabid anti-vlvi-
Bectlonists gain small comfort from the
oScial returns just published of experi
ments made on living animals during 1902.
The total number for England and Scot
land was H,906, being 3261 more than in
1901. - ¦
Of these 12,776 were performed without
anaesthetics. These were mostly Inocula
tions and simple matters such as ab
straction of a small quantity of blood. No
experiment involving anything serious
was allowed to be made without the use
of, an .anaesthetic.
DUBLIN, July 18.— The Earl of
Dudley, Lord Lieutenant of Ire
land, and his beautiful and pop
ular Countess are now at their
new residence, Rocklngham,
County Roscommon.
-Ireland Is at this moment honored by
the presence of many of our legislators^
The Chancellor of the Exchequer, with
Sir Gilbert Parker and Horace Plunket,
is a guest of his Excellency at Rocking
ham. i
Lady Dudley had long Interviews with
Father McHugh and other priests over
the working of her scheme for providing
nurses for the sick poor In the remote
country districts— a scheme that has so
far met with generous support.
The party motored through that part of
Connemara where the terrible Joyce mur
ders were committed, perhaps the most
desolate part of his Majesty's dominions.
Lady Dudley also visited some of the
laccmaking depots and bought in Gal
way some ornaments in Connemara mar
ble.
Whitsuntide brought many distinguished
people to Ireland to spend the holiday
season. The Duke and Duchess of Dev
onshire are at Lismore Castle, their love
ly place In Waterford.
Lord and Lady Lansdowne, after a
short stay at Klllarney, are at Dereen,
their place on the coast of Kerry, while
Lord and Lady Londonderry are staying
¦with a large party of guests at Mount
Stewart. The ubiquitous tripper has not
been wanting, and from Portrush to Blar
ney the Saxon has been a welcome In
vader.
glass in Belgrade to supply the demand
and Vienna and Budapest were slow fill
ing orders.
The King ordered that the window
through which the bodies of Alexander
and Draga were flung shall be closed for
ever.
BELGRADE, July 18.— One .of the
first government acts of the new
King was to remove his name
from the list of persons billed to
be executed the moment they
are caught. He has been on the list since
186S, and had to be very careful not to
enter Servian territory. The King also
was pleased to restore to himself his real
estate confiscated by Milan, among other
parcels several Belgrade houses.
The King also remembered that his es
teemed father-in-law, the Prince of,Mon
tenegro, still owes him the million francs
he promised to give him when he married
his daughter, now dead.
Peter is not easily surprised by dyna
mite bombs. When driving he has a few
in a side pocket of the carriage, and half
a dozen or more are always on his writ
ing desk, disguised as match boxes, cigar
holders and the like. "If Alexander .had
two*or three of these things beside his
bed on the fatal night^he could have de
fied any number of conspirators," said the
King to the Mayor of Belgrade.
Whether Peter is a good bomb-thrower
remains to be seen. That he is an expert
shot and fighter with fists and feet he has
repeatedly proved. In fact he was made
king*of Swiss sharpshooters (schuetzen)
dozens of times. Boxing with the feet is
a specialty of his, which he learned In
France, where It Is called "savate." A
little while agp, while returning home
late to his apartment in Paris, he was
accosted by two footpads, who Invited
him to "shell out."
"Not much," said the Prince, and while
boxing one of the fellows 3 Into uncon
sciousness with his fists, he kicked the
other so severely that he has been a crip
ple and charge on the community ever
since.
Peter was disappointed to find the old
Konak still in a state of disorder. Three
days after the murder the provisional
Government ordered the mirrors and win
dow glass replaced. 642 window panes and
?3 mirrors. There was not enough' mirror
It hat been nearly a year since Mr.
Whistler shut up his beautiful studio in
the Rue du Bac. Paris, and came to live
In London. During that interval he sel
dom returned to Paris. He lived In an
old house which he formerly occupied in
Cheyeswalk, Chelsea. It is a picturesque
building, facing the Thames, and is over
grown with creepers. The studio Is at
th# base of the house. Whistler's* friends
could not imagine why he returned to
London, as he disliked the place. Its cli
mate and despised English art. -Whistler
had b«en in bad health ever since he
returned to England. He suffered from
some Internal complaint. He went occa
sionally to dinner parties with friends,
but gradually led a more and more se
cluded life. The exact nature of his com
plaint Is not known. He grew rapidly
worse a few days ago and died quite sud
denly yesterday.
day was Quito characteristic 6f
th« man. When a press correspondent
called at the house to-day, he was In
formed that the artist had left stringent
Instructions that r.o information whatever
regarding his illness or death should be
given, either to his friends or the news
ra.p«rs.
LONDON, July 18.— The last in
struction given by James McNeill
"Whistler, the eminent American
artist, prior to his death yester-
Whistler's Last
Wish Charac- '
teristic.
England's Aristoc
racy Tg:kes a
Vacation.: \\
New Servian King
Will Take No
- Chances.
ECCENTRIC
ON BRINK
OF GRAVE
MOBILITY
FLOCKS TO
IRELAND
HAS BOMBS
READY FOR
EMERGENCY
BERLIN.' July 18.— Washington and all
other governments have been Informed
that hereafter the proper address for tele
grams to the Kaiser Is "To the Kaiser's
majesty."
The Czarina will be attended by the la
dies of her court. The Czar, will wear
imperial robes during the ceremony.
Xaiser Adopts a New Title.
SOME OF .; THE DISTINGUISHED, BRITISHERS ; OF .TITLE -WHO ARE
< SPENDING; THE PRESENT -SUMMER HOLIDAYS AMID THE FA
MOUS SCENIC BEAUTIES OF ';THE EMERALD ISLE. ' .
perforate the characters .' on a . moving
band connected with v'a; typesetting ma
chine.', It Is asserted /that ; this.'contrlv
ance.'\whlch\ls' the work: of. a Mr. Royal,
will? dispense with "alto
gether; for press purposes.*
Discovery of Great Interest to
World of Art Is Made at
Florence. *
ROME. July 18.— A discovery of ex
treme interest In the artistic world has
Just been made in the L'fflzi Gallery at
Florence. This Is no less than several
rough sketches by Michael Angelo. The
paper used is of nrecisely the same quali
ty as that he used for like drawings.
Eight of the sheets comain studies for
figures in the Elstine Chai>el. such as the
Christ of "The Last Judgment," and the
Virgin seated at His feet; the creator of
the picture of "The Creation of Adam,"
¦several torsos and legs placed at exactly
the same angle as thoss occupying the
tympanum and center of the, chapel
vault.
One of the sheets has on one 6ide the
head of a man. two halberds, a plan of
fortification and the autograph of the
With Its Many Belies It . Has .. Been
Turned «Over to Munici
pality.
PARIS, July 18.— Much interest .was
shown in the handing over of the house
of Victor Hugo'on Place des -Vosges ! to
the municipality of : Paris.. It .contains
many interesting relics." Tradition has It
that when Hugo was aiked who, in his
opinion, was the greatest poet* that ever
lived he answered: "C .estmol". (I am).
Hts self -appreciation is shown by the fact
that 900 portraits of him ; were found in
the house. The most interesting is on a
high desk at which Hugo used to stand to
write his great works. :
master; on the other a cavalier.rldinf'.at
a gallop, while a man seated behind him
is falling off.. Thisis the > horse of St.
Paul of the Pauline Chapel at the Vati
can. -...:-....
Emperor Withholds Permission Until
Satisfied That Their Horses
Can Stand the Strain.
BERLIN, July 18.— Army are be
sieging the Emperor with requests to al
low them to repeat President Roosevelt's
long distance ride In Wyoming, the race
to be over sixty miles of. such territory
as Roosevelt traveled. over. Likewise the
same breed of horses are to be used.
The Emperor Is hesitating because, : on
various occasions, he has announced long
distance rides as cruel.
At the same time he asked "Ills great
and good friend" in Washington to send
him all possible details of the ride, ¦ which
the Kaiser terms was the "greatest cav
alry feat ever performed by the head of a
state."
Typesetting ,by .Telegraph.
•": PARIS,' July 18."-^M. ; d'Arsonval has : ex
hibited to the" Academy of -Science an \ In
vention which* does i typesetting by; tele
graph, an electric current being made to
FORTY MICHAEL ANGELO
SKETCHES COME TO LIGHT
VICTOR HTTGO'S HOUSE t -J y.
NOW BELONGS TO PABIS
GEBMATJ" OFFICERS WOTJLD '
BIDE LIKE B-OOSEVELT
LONDON, July 18.— Many of the nuns
and monks who have been expelled
from France are finding refuge In
Great Britain. Before they can
settle on any place, however, it is neces
sary that they should secure the consent
of the Roman Catholic Bishop of the dio
cese. When they have complied with this
condition they are able to obtain the nec
essary financial support.
Th% Carthusians, who have established
themselves at Farkmlnster, are actively
searching for more retreats. The Domini
cans are also- crossing the . channel In
strong force and about twenty of them,
including the noted preacher, Rev.
Father Clerissac, will reside at Haver
stock Hill.
f^ T. ; PETERSBURG*. July 18.— The
V^.Czar Is going to the Desert of
V^ Sarow to attend the glorification
•">of St. Seraphim, the founder of the
Dlwejew „ monastery, which has become
a place of pilgrimage. The priests in the
desert reported a few months ago that
, the body of the saint, who died a hundred
years ago, was In exactly the same state
as when it had been put into the coffin.
The Czar, who has always had a partial
ity, for this saint, contributed a large sum
to I make the •. glorification a magnificent
spectacle, and had a gorgeous cbffln of
gold and precious stones made, while the
Czarina made ' splendid coverings I for the
coffin ' with her own hands, working
precious stones Into them. , ¦¦ . ¦
, As soon as the Czar decided to be pres
ent at ' the .. glorification men began to
make the roads passable and build hotels,
boarding-houses and barracks: in, the des
ert, .while strong bodies of troops were
ordered to the place to keep in order the
crowds expected.
The -glorification will begin July 30 and
; last ¦ four ." days. The Czar , means to ar
: rive : at' Sarow^ Desert on . the 25th. so as
to -prepare himself for ; the occasion by
.prayer; and fasting. He will be accom
nanled by the high court functionaries.
Driven Out of France,
They Arc Now Well
Cared For.
With F^yal Consort He
Prepares to Visit \
Desert Shrine.
RUSSIA'S CZAR
WILL GLORIFY
ST . SERAPHIM
MONKS FIND
A NEW HAVEN
IN ENGLAND
Pages 45 to 48
Pages 45 to 48
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, J^LY 19, 1903.
LATEST BY CABLE FROM THE CAPITALS OF EUROPEJames W. Morrlssey, business manager
of the Adellna Pattl Farewell Concerts
for Robert Grau— armed with an edition of
500,000 "Patti Souvenir Books." starts
next week on a preliminary tour of the
large cities where the diva is booked.
Mr. Morrissey is- to meet Mr. Grau'a
local managers in all the cities as far as
San Francisco. The Patti subscription
sale of seats in many of these cities is al
ready quite large and where the sale has
not begun, auction sales will be arranged
for. Mr. Morrissey will also confer with
these managers on the advisability, of &c*
Mile. Held will only play the principal
cities of the country, and next year she
will spend the entire season abroad.
Gustav Luders Is writing the music for
the new opera, and Joseph W. Herbert
will adapt the book foc\ the American
stage. .¦;>¦¦*}'•.
Anna Held and her husband. F. Ziegfeld
Jr., are in Paris as the guests of M. Jean
Richepln, who is writing, the new musical
piece in which Mile. Held Is to appear
next season.
Lillian Coleman, whose delightful voice
and winning personality are so pleasantly
remembered from her debut* at* Fischer's
Theater last year, will have the leading
female role in support of the Rogers
Brothers next season.
Clyde Fitch is writing a new play based
on Dickens' "Old Curiosity Shop." In
which Mr. Dillingham will star Millie
James. Fitch's "Her Own Way" will be
used by Maxlne Elliott.
As Told on the Rialto
"Yes, a good deal," he replied. "It is
usually produced by the Independent
theaters though. There Isn't much money
in It. I've been In "The Doll's House' and
'The Wild Duck' myself. 'Ghosts' . the
censor doesn't permit." .
"Isn't he rather a nuisance?" '
"No, I think he's quite right," Abing
don. returned simply. "But Ibsen Is so
fascinating to the actor. He Is so easy
toplay. You know more actresses have
made reputations on Ibsen than through
any other modern playwright." .
"Have you done any of Bernard Shaw's
things?" '
"No." the actor replied. "There are only
occasional performances of his stuff.
They're " all very clever plays of their
kind, but the public does not want them.
'Arms and the Man' was a success, but
Shaw wrote it seriously, and the public
found It was funny. TheLShaw cult says
the plays fail because they are over the
heads of the public. Well — " and the
actor lifted doubtful eyebrows.
Then he told me that he had been with
Mrs. Campbell and Miss Nethersole, with
Martin Harvey In a play of Captain
Marshall's that just missed greatness.
"The Broad Road," with , this, that and'
another great English name. . He spoke
of- Denis O'SulIlvan, Stephen Phillips—
who used to be an actor— of Davies, the
new Sheridan: of W. B. Yeat, the new
Irish poet-dramatist. He told how he
had graduated from a bank to the' foot
lights; : of his reason for • taking to the
stage, "that all the professional compan
ies dissatisfied him," and he had to show
them how It should be done. Of his first
experience he recounted that he was told
"to. get off the stage" by the manager,
and jj did, as fast : as ¦ stage fright would
permit. Of Forbes Robertson and his
wife, Gertrude Elliott, and their, new play
that comes here. this season, "The Light
That Failed," he had pleasant. things to
say. . Of the famous "" tilt between the
"Thunderer's" critic, A. B. Walkley, and
JJenrx Arthur Jones he had the latest
"But a name will not carry a bad play
here any.mqre than London," I suggest.
Then. I asked, irrelevantly: "Do you
have much Ibsen there?"
word, and all kinds of gossip from the
golden capital.
"I hope. I have said nothing discour
teous < about America," he .concluded,
looking down seriously at me,' as we rose
to go, "because I'm Jolly fond of it." ¦
Then, smiling over his shoulder as we
left him: "The interview wasn't half
bad." - ": - '
"Then in England they rather say," 'Let
us;go to see "Dante," "When We Were
Twenty-one,". ' where you say I here, 'let
us £p to set Irving, .Goodwin/ •• - ______
"Oh, I see." It, may have been acting,
but Mr. Abingdon's expression was sim
plicity,: itself..; ' :
"Not quite so demonstrative as in Eng
land," •• he replied, > "but they're Just as
quick to take a Jok'e." < ,,
"What!!!". Mr. Cahlll and I cried in uni
son. This was turning the tables with a
vengeance. ~ ¦ ¦.••••¦•¦
"Oh, yes, that part of it," Mr. Abingdon
confessed," but I don't like to carry my
own luggage— the small traps, you know.
And If you ask -the porter about It, he
will tell you to 'get out of the way!' But
I have no necessities when I'm traveling.
I can do without anything, so everything
I get Is to the good." which strikes me
as a very useful philosophy.
"There, was rather a good one on me
the other day," he went on, "a compli
ment to my American accent. I went
into a cigar shop, got a cigar and asked
how much It was. 'Two-bits,' said the
man. 'What is that,' I asked— it was
Greek tome. 'Oh, you d— d New York
ers don't know anything!' he said!"
"But I have met with the greatest kind
ness since I came here," he resumed, still
bubbling with the enjoyment of his story.
"I see most of the American actors in
my little fiat In London— next the Savoy—
and they have treated me royally here.
Why they've made me a member of six
clubs In San Francisco."
"How do you find the audiences here?"
I asked.
"I think they're a vastly discourteous lot.
And they're the slowest things on earth.
They've got more time than all the rest
of America put together."
"They're not such shameless tippees as
the English waiters," I defend. >
"I think they are Just as much open to
tips— pardon me— as the English waiter,"
the actor disagreed, "only here you don't
know if you've pleased him. There you
do. It's a cholca here of being thought
mean or a fool." - - ".
"And the porter?— at least v our baggage
system is best?"
was admiring the glorious, glorious
view." and the actor's dark, rosy face
beamed like a Golden Gate sunset. "The
English chap said nothing, and I thought
he was too deep in the poetry of the
thing to want to talk. But at last I
said: 'Isn't it magnificent?' He said:
'But it wants painting, don't you know!'
He was looking at the dirty white of the
Cliff House. It's all In the point of view."
"From yours, what la the most beauti
ful country you, have seen so far?"
"I give It up," Mr. Abingdon said. "At
the present moment I think It is the
drive from Monterey to Carmel Bay. But
there was Pike's Peak In Denver. • Oh,
that lovely Garden of the Gods, and the
drive from Denver to Victor— most mar
velous atmosphere and rugged, pictur
esque, majestic country. • . • • By the
way, that little Victor is a staggering
sort of place. It is nine' years old, a min
ing town and has a perfectly appointed
little opera-house that is as comfortable
as you'll find anywhere. ', It was an eye
opener, I assure you."
Then he told me of meeting Robert
Courtneldge of the Manchester theaters
here and of their mutual surprise at find
ing San Francisco .' so lavishly equipped
with theaters.
"To me San Francisco Is much more
like Paris than any other city that I
have eecn," the actor decided, with an
approving pat for Paris on his knee. "It
is the climate, the gayety, the sunshine
and the well-dressed women that give
the impression, I suppose. By Jove! I've
never seen so many pretty girls in a
email space as I've seen here! They do
dress handsomely, too, don't they?"
I bowed for them.
"And how dainty they are about their
footgear!"
For those of other climes It should be
explained that our July zephyrs account
for Mr. Abingdon's early connolsseurshlp
In the San Francisco ankle. I tucked In my
small threes before testifying . to the
beauty of the other . girls', and then
prompted: "But you don't like our wait
ers and porters— so I Judge from your ex
pression as you mentioned them?"
"Not wholly/' Mr. Ablngdoa owned."
"Then I had an Englishman with me
the other day. out at the Cliff House, I
<r Oh, we're just as proud of our coun
try over there as you are here, only"
—and the actor waved his busy hands In
judicial gesture— "we don't care what
you think, and you do care what we
think. We're more spread-eagle than you
are, I think, but we're so gorgeously sure
we have the best of It. • • • When I
got to New York an old gentleman asked
me how I liked the country. 'All but the
steam heat,* I replied. 'What" do you think
he said then, quite hotly? 'What about
your navy!' " .
I recognized the type and smiled, "Go
on."
Mr. Abingdon considered: "I think
what most surprised me was the similar-*
lty between Americans and English folk
of the same class— always barring wait
ers, porters and Bobbles."
"Then our spread-eagleism did % not
offend?"
"Thank you," . I replied, recovering
speech. "And now, won't you, Mr. Eng
lishman, who are not a freak, please give
me some of those American Impressions
you have been so busily acquiring?"
"To begin »wlth?"
"Oh, anything— the oddest thing about
us."
In propria persona Abingdon queried:
"But how are you going to stand being off
the stage so long, D'Orsay?" "Oh, I
say!" D'Orsay replies.
More of this, and I who/had seen and
reveled in all of the new English actor
that was vouchsafed is here, forgot the
dignity of an interviewer and shrieked.
So did the artist, who hadn't.
"Oh, D'Orsay's the sweetest sort of fel
low." the actor said, sitting down In San
Francisco again. "Everybody is quite as
delighted at his success as he is. But
D'Orsay isn't English any more than
Sothern's Dundreary was English. He is
a delicious freak."
at l&hst. Haw! And they've found me
out ovah heah! 'Found me out'— that
sounds, bah Jove! Haw, haw! Gus, deah
old Gus, you know, has put me on in
a play in which I can be myself, don't
cher know?"
William L. Abingdon, Once a Bank Clerk, Now of Amelia Bingham's Support, Who Says He Is Fond of America.
Rosamond Johnson of .Cole and John
son, composers of "Under the Bamboo
Tree." "On the Congo." and many other
popular sopgSj once had the pleasure of
playing Paderewski'a "Minuet" for th-?
great pianist, and as a result he lost his
position, which was that of a bellboy In
Young's Hotel. Boston. It seem* that
Paderewski had rung for a bellboy and
young Johnson answered the calL Being
so i'ond of music, he made bold to asSc
PaderewakI to play the "Minuet" for him.
Paderewski could not understand English
then, and the boy thought from his ges
ticulations that he wanted him to play it.
So he sat down at the piano and com
menced playing. Paderewski's manager
happened to enter the room. and. indlg?
nant at the presumption of the bellboy,
threw him out bodily and went to the of
fice and had him discharged. As soon as
he learned what had been done, Pade
rewski. who had been pleased with tho
lad's playing, sent for the manager of the
hotel and had Johnson reinstated la his
position* .
The Rosalind spear which Henrietta
Crosman will carry In the "Forest of Ar
den In her revival of "As You Like It"
next fall has a history. It was the prop
erty ef Adelaide Neilson and was used
On the state by that eminent artiste. It
was obtained In Paris by a friend of Miss
Crosman's, who presented it to her. It is
a valuable and beautiful piece cf work
manship. The haft Is Isf rosewood, the
head of burnished brass. On the handle
Miss Neilson's autograph Is worked in
fac simile in gold wire.
Madame Patti would like it thoroughly
understood that this ia the only time In
her. artistic career she has ever author
ized a farewell tour, and the fact Is made
quite clear in a letter to Mr. Grau. whicn
is published In the prospectus.
Auiong the newer people Herr Conrled.
director of the Metropolitan Opera Com
pany, has added to hi3 list of artists for
the coming season are Pol Planco* Em
ma Calve, Felix Mottl. the Bayreuth con
ductor, and Francisco Maria Guardhasil,
a new barytone and godson of Pope Leo.
cepting a number of public and private
receptions which are being arranged In
honor of the distinguished prtma donna.
Though it is doubtful If Denis O'SulIlvan
will be heard In his delightful song re
citals this summer, yet all who know this
gifted Irishman will be g!ad to hear that
he will be in town next week. It is most
devoutly to be wished that Mr. O'Sulll
van will again favor us thus* The single
recital of last year proved all too few for
hH*»iny admirers.
• • .
"II Mondo Artistlco" of Milan has many
gocd words to say of the recent debut of
Alice Neilsen as Marguerite fcr that clas
sic city. Miss Neilsen has been appearing
at the Bellini Opera-house and has won
marked favor for her interpretation of
the role. The papers are full of praise
for her "pure and charming voice." her
personal beauty and talents. In a recent
letter to an acquaintance In this city ills*
Nellsen proudly records the high honor
bestowed upon her maestro. Henry Rus
sell, with whom she has been studying
since she went to Italy. Russell is an
Englishman and has received the unique
honor of being appointed master of sing
ing In the Royal Academy of Saint Ce
cilia. Rome. It Is the first time that such
an appointment has been bestowed upon
an Englishman and most rarely upon
any foreigner.
With comic opera gaining such recruits
as Mme. Schumann Helnk and Fritz!
Scheff It seems possible that this almost
lost art will regain something: of its an
cient footing, Frltzl Scheff stars next
season under the management of C. B.
Dilllngham and has chosen as her medi
um, so her manager announces, an opera
by Harry B. Smith and Victor Herbert ia
preference to the works of several prom
inent forelsn composers.
COMPETITION may. or may not
be the life of trade; It seems,
however, rather helpful In the
comic opera connection. The
musical comedy with which the
town Is now so well supplied has certain
ly set the Tivoll management a-thlnking.
Our little opera shop had things comic
operatic rather its own way for a length
of days. Mayhap) too long. Perhaps our
Tivoli was a little spoiled. Secure in Its
monopoly of light musical fare, the lo
cal purveyors perhaps became a little
careless, a little economical of effort and
expenditure, a little dangerously disdain
ful of the necessary novelty. But ttmes
changed. Burlesque and musical comedy
arrived on the scene. the3e to the unpar
ticular ear sufficiently resembling th«
Tivoll menu to constitute a formidable
rivalry. Then came the Tlvoli'a first
move. Caro Rcma was engaged. The ex
cellent Gilbert & Sullivan revivals fol
lowed. Mascagnl then made history for
the old house with a triumphal season.
Zelle de Lussan added more luster. Ed
win Stevens gave another lift to things.
And now, ' to-morrow evening, CamMs
d'Arvill^ is to reappear.
The opera chosen for Miss d'Arville's
Tivoli debut had an unfortunate intro
duction here. It descended upon the Co
lumbia a season or two ago for Its sins.
Its perpetrators were a dull, dusty, fusty
set of folk, who seemed to have walked
from New York— they looked and sang as
if they had. poor things. Naturally. "The
Highwayman" did not succeed. However,
it had elsewhere in other hands attained
a respectable vogue, and its parentage-
Smith and De Koven— warrants a robust
hope at any rate, that what can be done
for the opera will surely be done for It
to-morrow night at the Tivoli.
A warm welcome awaits Miss d'Arville.
The fair Bostonian's marriage left an
aching void when It took her from the
stage. And Miss d'Arville will be sur
rounded—the Tivoli people do more than
"support"— by an exceptionally strong
company. Stevens stays for the season,
and has a good part in the opera as Foxy
Quiller. a detective, who doesn't detect.
Arthur Cunningham, who is coming out
strongly by the way; Ferris Hart man, the
well known comedian: Edward Webb.
Annie Myers and Bertha Davis are also
among those to be present. The manage
ment is spreading Itself on the production,
and apropos, a look down^Ilsslon street
way would do no harm to the stage di
rector.
D'Orsay was welcoming Abingdon to
the Lamb's Club: "Dean boy," his imi
tator haw-hawed, "isn't this delightful,
bah Jove! Here you are In New York
"What D'Orsay!" and Mr. Abingdon's
face instantly held as broad a grin as it
is built for. Then he got up. reached
about for his bat, put it on with a lordly
tilt, pouted his chest and then solemnly
marched up to me with D'Orsay'g own
stiff, superb strut, D'Orsay's own mag
nificent "Haw!" on his lips. He had be
fore convinced me by his virile and sin
cere effort in "The Climbers" that he
could act, but this was precious. The
neat Abingdon suit of brown actually
seemed to melt into the incomparable
checks of D'Orsay, the upper lip to take
on the gorgeous D'Orsay mustache.
"And you're not," I wailed, my per
sonal grievance at once swamping the
international affair. "I hoped— I, hoped—
that I was going to find another "D'Orsay,
and you don't even say 'Bah Jove!' "
"They're putting up 'English spoken
here' on the others," the actor laugh
ingly contributed. "Oh, London is the
Mecca for the artist. We get everything
there In time. Even your American
Flare — in spite of the Anglo-mania craze.
Miss Bingham, Henrietta Crosman and
Margaret Anglin— you eeem to have bo
many more good women players than
we— are among the next to invade Lon
don, I hear. Anglo-mania, indeed!" and
the actor flipped a scornful finger. "It Is
your— «r— Imaginative — newspapers, that
are responsible for the whole Illusion.
Do you believe in it? You're English
yourself."
*'It seems to me that the French own
the moment over in London now," I com
ment, "with Jane Hading doing "The
Second Mrs. Tanqueray." and Jeanne
Granier and Bemhardf holding two other
big houses."
"Perhaps because I haven't," flashed
Mr. Abindgon. "No, the Anglo-mania cry
is a very fool one."
Have you seen his Shylock?'*
"Oh, that was just a few cranks who
objected to melodrama in the Lyceum,
"pacred home of the legitimate,' »tc.,V Mr.
Gillette's Moriarty returned cheerfully.
"There is no truth In that theory of pre
judice against the Ameiean actor as such
• • • Your American Frohman has had
two cf the chief successes of the last
reason in London In 'Quality Street,*
and "The Admirable Crlchton.' And
your players. Goodwin, I regard— and he
is very generally looked on as such over
there — as the best American actor since
Booth."
"Really." he resumed. comfortably
claspjr.g his hands round his knee, "this
tour peems hardly like work at all, I'm
getting so much fun out of it."
"It is yojir first visit to America?"
"My first."
"And you are from London town, Mr.
Abingdon?"
"I have sp*nt all of my acting life there
untH now," he replied. "It would be
*afjer to t«>ll you. too. the actors I have
not played with than those I have. And
I've played fn all of the theaters but
three. I'm very much London, you see."
"Then tell me — I know you were the
Moriarty in Gillette's 'Sherlock Holmes*
over there — why London was so rude to
Mr. Gillette at first?"
f t\ A /HERE Js the operating
\ ft /room?" Mr. Abingdon dis
m# \m respectfully queried, stop
w ¥ ping to look down admiring
ly into the palm-hung court
!>€low US.
For answer I led the way into the Pal
f.ce parlors, and warned the witness not
to Incriminate himse'.f.
*"Oh, I quite realize what I am up
Eg&Jnst." was the Englishman's quirk re
tort. The precious Americanism came
¦with a homemade readiness that doomed
fill my hope of the d'Orsay kind of Eng
lishman—the only Lawranrr, need it be
Fa:d?-»-to sudden disappointment. True.
M!ss Bingham's leading man does not
pay, "Haw: dor.tcher know," nor pull a
big blonde mustache — alack! he has no
mustache to pull! His cl&ihes fit untra
ditle*ialiy well, and neither are they of
the careless, cheerful, national tweed. The
slippery joke cscapeth fc>m not. nor. as
Nat Goodwin puts It. doe* he express sur
prise at not fir.'ir.g "buffaloes en Broad
way." More. h» is hopelessly minsuLir,
p.cknowkdpir.g -with riaddenir.g cSeerful-
Den that the English is not the only way.
Vet I had hoped, I had hoped.
Recovering 1 from the blow a/i best I
might, I inquired u* we seated 'Ourselves.
"You are f 'pared this sort of thing in
England, MY. Abingdon?"
"Among other blessings," he returned
ambiguously. \
"You <ion - t Tke it?"
"Oh. ye?: about as well " and the
artor> hurr.orous mouth curled into a big,
boyish smile, "about as well as a visit to
the dentist's, or as having my photograpn
taJr;n."
"Still you submit "
ile inserted audaciously. "I hadn't time
to refuse the other night when Mr. Forbes
came to ask me."
"And are therefore fair spoil," I contin
ued, disregarding the interruption.
"Deal gently with the erring one." Mr.
Abir.gflon humbly returned, but his smile
tielied the repentance. "You wouldn't like
It yourself, you know." He turned the
tables.
"I have not yet consented to be inter
viewed." I fenced. "But you cannot per
suade me that you don't like it, Mr.
Ahir.gdon. Miss Bingham tell* me that
you have seen, done and eaten every
thing American since you came here, with
thrre times an American's enthusiasm."
"I am enjoying every moment of the
time." the actor owned then.
And "little Willie." as he calls himself
l»y times, looks that way. He has a face
that somehow reminds of Coqucl.'n's with
the wide mouth humorously curled at the
corners, the short, comic nose and the
merry, snapping eyes— big and fiery
brown. He ha« broad, burly shoulders,
five feet ten or eo of height and carries
himself as If there were nothing better
to carry. Everything about him bespeaks
a lively faculty for enjoyment, with the
robust health and kern, cheerful, fmpar
tial interest in things that go to make the
born traveler.
THE SAN FKAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 19, 1903.
WITH THE
PLAYERS
AND THE
MUSIC
FOLK
46Fraternal Brotherhood.
MISSION LODGE of the Fraternal
Brotherhood at its meeting on
July 13 added five to its member
ship by initiation, the work being by Gen
eral Organizer H. C. Lewis. This lodge,
which has been organized but a few
months, agreed some time since to obtain
twenty members within a specified time.
At the expiration of the time limit the
requisite number was obtained through
the energy of the members and in view of
this the general organizer announced that
he would donate the lodge- two flags.
This lodge now has forty-nine members
and expects to double that number within
the next three months.
The other local councils have been oc
cupied recently with the installation of
the new officers and the initiation of can
didates. Several of these are making ar
rangements for social events during the
current month.
Bernardino. At each of these places she
was given true Eastern Star welcome
and at each she created a most favorable
impression on the membership, for by her
dignified yet pleasant manner and af
fability she draws to her every one who
has the pleasure of meeting her. Each
chapter presented her an elegant souvenir
of the visit.; At Colton she instituted a
new chapter of the order, which has been
named for the locality in which it was
organized.
Worthy Grand Patron Lyman C. Byce,
accompanied by Mrs. Byce, matron of
Morning Star Chapter of Petaluma;
Grand Secretary Mrs. Wlllats, Past Ma
tron Susie M. Willits and District Deputy
Grand Matron Ada Marsh Dalton, paid a
visit July 8 to Orient Chapter at Center
.ville and the meeting was very pleasant.
On the following night the grand patron,
accompanied by the eneire membership of
Morning Star Chapter, paid a visit to
Valley of the Moon Chapter in Sonoma.
Olive Branch Chapter of this city was
officially visited July 13 by Grand Pa
tron Byce and Grand Matron Mrs. Sey
mour. There were nearly 2Q0 members of
the order present, among. the number be
ing : Associate Grand Patron Dr. Mill
berry, Grand feecretary Mrs. Willats,
Grand Treasurer Henrietta Huer, Past
Grand Patron G.L. Darling, matrons and
patrons from all of. the local chapters and
from those of Alameda and Oakland and
the membership of.Beulah Chapter of
South San Francisco, which adjourned
early after the reception of two applica
tions,for membership," in order to be pres
ent at this visit. : The degrees were exem
plified by the officers conferring them on
four candidates, and the manner in which
this was done by Worthy Matron Mrs.
Lizzie Atwood. Worthy Patron Dr. W. A.
Atwood and '¦ the other officers was ' so
creditable that, under good of the order,
the two grand i officers showered ¦ praise
upon- tliem and specially mentioned the
work oj£ the patron. After the principal
grand Vfficers had spoken there were ad
dresses jby others and many congratula
tory' words were • spoken. During ¦ the
District Deputy Grand Chief Compan
ion Mrs. Sarah Beverson installed the of
ficers of Buena Vista Circle at Tiburon
last week. After the installation there
was a banauet.
The now officers of James G. Blnino
Circle. C. F. of A., were installed July
9 by Mrs. Lizzie Atwood, D. D. G. C. ,C,
in th« oresence of a Marge ' number of
members of the order. At the close of
the installation there was presented to
Mrs. Mate H. Cartwrlght, the chief com
panion, one of the handsomest badges of
the order ev»r presented to 'one of her
rank In the order. It is emblematic and
embellished with, a large solitaire dia
mond: After this there was presented a
vase to Mrs. I. Beban for having during
the past term brought In and had ini
tiated the greatest .number of members,
and a pearl set pin "was presented to
Mrs. Jno. J. Cordy for having brought in
the second largest number of members.
Live Oak, Circle No. 29 gave an<amus
ing Happy Hooligan party In the ban
quet hall of the Native Sons' , building
July 18. The. novelty of the party (at
tracted a large number of people. There
was a good programme of music.
The members ol New Century Circle of
the C. of the F. of A. will at its meet
ing July 20 entertain the male members
of tha circle. ; >
a grand officer in several offices, as grand
chief companion and as supreme sub-chief
companion; one who Is exceedingly well
qualified to be the head of the organiza
tion." ¦ : - i - ,v.*.;:*:> -*?/^£
Harmony Chapter did not have any
work at its last held meeting, but the
members and many visitors enjoyed a
pleasant social evening.
King Solomon Chapter at its last held
meeting had quite a class of candidates
for initiation. After the work of the even
ing there was a banquet and responses to
toasts. Mrs. Annette Wood, past matron
of this chapter, will soon leave for tha
Hawaiian Islands, from there go to China
and then make a tour of the world.
Mrs. Ada Roxy Duncan, past matron of
Golden Gate Chapter, is spending a few
weeks on the mountain top in the vicinity
of Wrights, in the Santa Cruz Mountains.
Mrs. James A. Wilson, past matron of
Mission Chapter, who with her husband
and a number of other Eastern Star mem.
bers were seriously injured by the upset
ting of a coach in the State of Nevada, is
recovering from the effects of her in
jurie|. Her husband. Past Patron Wilson,
is also improving, but it ls some time be
fore he will recover the use of the should
er blade which was broken.
Golden Gate Chapter at Its last held
meeting had a number of 'candidates to
initiate.
Ivy Chapter had a social evening on the
occasion of its last meeting. Mrs. S. C.
Wallis, matron of this chapter, is spend
ing her vacation in the Santa Cruz Moun
tains, t
evening there was presented to tho grand
patron as a token of esteem an elegant
bonbon dish; to the grand matron there
was presented as a souvenir of the occa
sion a beautiful ornamented ' cakedlsh,
and tokens of remembrance were given
to the grand secretary and to the wife of
the grand patron. Following the presen
tations there was the serving of an ex
cellent luncheon. V *-
Court Eclipse on July 13 had a smoker
and high jinks in its hall, which was the
means of bringing together a very large
number of people to enjoy the entertain
ing programme that was presented. ;
Court Barbarossa had a barbecue and
picnic at Ingleside Park July 12, and a
general good time. /
Grand Chief Ranger Gabr'el paid an of
ficial visit July 14 to Court Golden. Gate
in this cltv. »
The officers of the courS at Sausalito
were installed July 14, and After the cere
mony there was an installation banquet.
The supnftne representattves-elect met
in this city July 18 and made arrange
ments for the trip East to attend the
session of the Supreme Court. They will
leave this city August 18.
8upreme Sub-Chief Companion Mrs.
Lizzie Atwoqd, of the Companions of the
F.orcst of America, who ls In line for pro
motion to the office of supreme chief
companion of the order, left this city
July 16 for the East to attend the next
session of the Supreme Circle. A number
of the circles of the order have signed a
circular letter Indorsing Mrs. Atwood for
the highest office on the ground tnat "she
has always been an earnest, faithful
worker, who has served the order well
as an ordinary member, as officer in, all
the stations of a subordinate circle, as
was more in the nature of a private pic
nic than any that has b*en given this
year. There was considerable surprise
expressed that Grand Chief Ranger H. A.
Gabriel, who Is a resident < l * Santa Clara,
only thirteen miles from the picnic
grounds, was not present, r
The officers of Court Rafael of San
Rafael were Installed July . 8 by Chief
Ranger Gabriel, assisted bj- Grand Sec
retary Jno. J. Cordy. The event was
made one of fraternal jollification, which
concluded with a banquet. '
The San Francisco Board of Relief has
presented to W. I. Brobeck, past presi
dent, a set of framed and beautifully en
grossed resolutions in recognition of his
services while at the head of the com
mittee. ?
American Foresters.
THE picnic given by the San Fran
cisco Relief Committee of the For
esters of America at Sunset park
July 12 for the purpose of replenishing
the friendship fund of the committee was
attended By about 800 persons, who had
a very enjoyable time In the redwoods
of the Santa Cruz Mountains. The chief
feature of entertainment - was the danc
ing. It was a oleasant family outing and
At the last held meeting of Richmond
Parlor No- 217 the new officers were in
stalled for the current term and a num
ber of candidates were initiated. J. C.
Asher, the retiring past president, was
presented n beautiful gold badge.
n. V. Whiting:, past president; John.F. Too
mey, president; S. C. Glover, Dr. K. L. Better
ton and Carl tVesterfeld, vice presidents; J. H.
Wfllae*. recording secretary: A. W. Borches,
financial secretary: Joseph B. Keenan. treas
urer; W. il. Priest, marshal; J. B. Kennedy.
K. J. niley and W. E. TrefU, trustees; Dra.
L. A. Smitt and K. P. Driscoll. surgeons, and
W. B. Tho nas and William Attrlde, outside
and icside awntlnels resoectirely. <
Deputy Feake reports that he installed
the officers of Golden Gate Parlor No. 29
and that "for proficiency these officers are
the acme of perfection."
Niantic Parlor has had the following
officers installed by District Deputy Grand
President John Coughlin, assisted by Past
Grand President Frank H. Dunne, to
serve for the current term:
was a red letter night in the history of
the parlor. Grand President R. H. McNo
ble was present and by his address to the
parlor "put a little ginger" into the mem
bership and there is no doubt that what
he said* will stimulate the members to
renewed activity for the advancement of
the parlor. The installation was followed
by a banquet that was a banquet.
The offlc<rs of Yerba Buena Parlor No.
84 were installed July 14 by District Dep
uty Grand President William A. Peake.
The same evening several candidates were
initiated.
The Native Sons' Literary and Social
Committee will give 1U next entertain
ment in Native Sons' Hall. July 22, under
the personal direction of Paul Gerson.
There will be , a short vaudeville pro
gramme, a comedy and then dancing..
The occasion of the installation of the
officer* of Sacramento Parlor, July 10.
DOLORES PARLOR. Native Sons of
the Golden West, on the evening of
July 13. had its recently elected of
ficers installed for the current term by
District Deputy Grand President Hynes,
*-ho instructed the officers in an Impres
sive manner as to their respective duties.
After the ceremony of Installation there
w«s a centleman's night In the banquet
haull and an excellent cupper was served.
rSt^resident Gcrharflt acted as toast
master and master of entertainment Af
ter" the eupper there was a mixed pro
gramme of speeches or responses to toasts
knd the presentation of an elegant badge
of the rank of past P«* idcn t l f. Jo t se £ h
McAulLT. the retiring past president by
Past President Thomas E. Curran on be
half of the parlor. There was a vocal
selection by the Occidental Male Quartet:
"Our Native Sons." responded to b> John
H Grady; vocal selection by M. Lanley;
•'Only a Few Remarks." by District Dep
uty Grand President Hynes; ballads. Al
Pfeiffcr; duet. Messrs. Webb and Farish;
"Our President," XV. XV. Eccles; songs.
James Donohue; song. XV. Finnerty; ;'Two
Little Stories," E. C. Stock; "Our/ New
Members." A. 8. Ham; "The Social and
Literary Committee. 1 * W. Martin; voca
selections, P. Lenhardt; "Our Financial
Secretary," Henry Grady; songs. M.
OBrien; 'Our Past Presidents. R. J.
Welsh, The affair was well managed and
was one of the rnost pleasant of the stag
kind that has ever been given by this very
active parlor.
The installation of the officers bf Olym
pus Parlor has been postponed until next
Wednesday night in De\-lsadero-Btreet
Hall. The drum corps of this parlor will
give a social dance in Richmond Hall on
the evening of August L The invitations
close wjth the query, "Will you be with
us?"
Native Sons.
Popular Member of the Druidesses; Presiding Officer of Loyal Rebekah Lodge and Well Known Native Daughters.
District Deputy Noble Grand Arch B.
Pugo of Los Angeles visited San Diego
last week .and in the companv of five
other Druids exemplified the work of the
order to the officers of U. S. Grant Grove.
recently instituted in San Diego. Ha re
ports that this recent accession to the
order is doing well.
It Is reported that since the visit of
then Noble Grand Arch GuglielmonJ and
of Grand Secretary James F. Martiaonl
to the groves in Los Angeles there has
been unusual activity and all the subor
dinates in the city are quite active.
San Joaquin Grove No. 9 has placed aa
order for a set of naw regalia, the first
since institution, forty years ago.
El Dorado Circle of the Druidesses at
Its last held meeting initiated afpreral
candidates and proposed to have more for
the next. Mrs. M. Godeau. the wife of
Past Noble Grand Arch Julius S. Godeau.
who is a past arch Druidess of this cir
cle, has been appointed by Grand Arch
Druidess Mrs. Louise Zazzl deputy for
El Dorado Circle. She is a lady who haa
the happy faculty of making friends at
sight and such friendship is lasting. It
is doubtful whether there Is a member of
the Druidesses who has a larger circle
of fraternal friends than has the district
deputy of El Dorado Circle.
A letter received in this city from
George II. Fabst, grand secretary of t|s
jurisdiction of Louisiana, announced that
the grand body of the order at its recent
session elected all young men for officers
and that the order in that State during
the past year ' increased 30 per cent.
Supreme Secretary Freudenthal haa
sent a letter to Grand Secretary Marti
noni of this State congratulating him on
bis re-election.
THE first grove of the new term of
the Grand Grove of the United An
cient Order of Druida will be insti
tuted to-day in Willits, Mendocino Coun
ty, by Grand Secretary James F. Marti
noni. It will work in the Italian language.
Noble Grand Arch George Beck . will
shortly Institute a new grove at Alvarado
with sixty or more charter membc.-s.
All the local groves are working to in
crease the membership' and there Ls
scarcely a meeting at which the subor
dinate bodies are not conferring degrees.
Galllleo Grove at its meeting on the
first Tuesday in July conferred the sec
ond degree in costume and in the ampli
fied form on three bards in the presence
of as many as could find places in the
grove's large hall. The officers were all
perfect to the work and the manner In
which they delivered the charges to the
candidates was commended by many.
Whenever this grove's officers confer that
degree, which is sublime, there is always
a crowed house. i "t5
The Druids.
, Odd Felices, on the evening of
July S In Memorial Hall of the Odd Fel
lows' building was an event that will long
be remembered by those present. There
was a public installation of the recently
installed officers by Charles Trautncr, D.
D. G. M., who at the close of the cere
mony delivered an interesting address to
the new officers. He was followed by
Frank D Macbeth. P- G.. who gave a
history of the lodge, showing what It
has done in the matter of charity since
Ita organization. Then there was a pro
gramme of entertainment, which in
cluded the following numbers; Humorous
recitation?. John G. Detterbecfc; instru
mental selections by Professor Bonelli's
Mandolin Club: vocal solo. A. Gottschalk;
cornet solo Clemens Bair; recitation,
Robert Lorenz; vocal selections. Occi
dental Guartet; whistling solo. \VlUIe
A'.trnann; coon song and dance. Miss Fro
r.ie Kruse; parlor magic. Professor
Wanek and eons and dance. Baby Inv
• The entertainment was followed by danc
ing and the serving of ice cream and light
refreshments. The affair, a most suc
cessful ere throughout, was arranged by
b. "special committee composed of M. R.
Jagcr. Leon Cohn and Max Borck. The
r.ewly elected officers are: Dr. Joseph
Ardenyi, noble grand; Max Borck, vice
grand; Siegfried Cohn. secretary, and
Jacob Altn^ann, treasurer.
Grand Secretary Shaw is sending out
the proceedings of the recent session of
th© Grand Lodsre of California.
The board of trustees of the Odd Fel
lows' Home, composed of Messrs. Flint.
Morton, Morrison. Thompson and Wat
son, en July 12 visited the eite on the
Alum P*ock road, near Ban Jose, on which
}t is proposed to build the Odd Fellows'
Home. They «vere accompanied by Grand
Secretary Shaw. The board went all over
the grounds and concluded that one of
two elevated points was the proper place
upon which to erect the structure which
is contemplated as the place where the
members of the order who have passed
into the sere end yellow leaf may pass
the'.r declining days in comfort.
The officers of Occidental Lodge were
installed in public last Thursday night In
the presence cf many members of the
order and strangers.
The following have been elected as of
ficers of Cosmopolitan Lodge No. 194:
Gustave A. Heubner. M. D^ If. O. : Andrtw
L Knviri V G.; AnSnrw J. Cleary R. 8.; W.
W. IVck.'F. P : Eltphas Ma£:in!ls. £•.; Arthur
"H Cousins, W.; Z. Z«Urler. C: W. H. Ktmball
«-id A H Behrr. S. to N. O.: T. J. Topper.
I G.: >"rh£ <-\ Lrw, O. O.: C. F. Kar.ten
f.r.4 A. BeiUer. P. to V. G. : Robert-Wrnell and
James A. Lark'.n. S. E.
The installing officer was District Dep
uty Grand Master Black, who was assist
ed by grand officers.
Templar Lodge initiated thre« strangers
at Us meeting on the evening of July 14.
The following have been Installed by
I>:strict Deputy President Mrs. Flora
Burpman and her staff as the officers of
California Lodge of the Rebekahs:
Batter Reser.bauTi, I*. G.; E. V. Baiter. V.
G : Lizzie McMurray. R. 8.: Mary A. Hawley.
F. 6.; Lizzie McMiilen. T.; Rose Hoffman. W.;
Battle Mur.d, C; Far.r.ie E. Jcma*. O. G.; An
nie King, I. G.; Mina Siraor.s.C.; Flora Burg
man and Elsie Cohn. S. to U. G-: Minnie Dall
rr.an fcsd Alice G. Mahcney, supporter* to th«
V. G.
After the installation, which was pri
vate, in the pretence of a. large number
cf members of the order, M. A. Samuels,
en behalf of the lodge, presented -a val
uable cold and diamond jewel to Fannie
L. Fine, the past noble grand. Bouquets
were then presented to the r.ew noble
grand, the vice prand. Mrs. Donoho, sec
retary of the California Assembly, and
to Psst Grand President Miss Fannie
IVnjarnin.
The following named have been in
called as the officers of Jubilee Rebekah
Lodge for the current term:
Mary H Lu^low N. G.; Charlotte Gibson,
V G • Lucv Morrison. R. S.; Lucetta Perry,
k" S '"Clara Gunsals. T. ; Pearl Qulntero. war
den-Alice Coney conductress; Gabrielle Gres*
ar'd'N Lew. S. to the K, G.; PrisciUa Munroe
snd Alice Wells. S. to V. G.
After the ceremonies there were sev
eral addresses end the presentation of a
diamond set pin of the rank of past noble
grand to Mrs. Erne Happ Jacobs, the re
tiring paft noble grand, and an embroi<4
ere<5 collar to Mrs. Addle L. Ballou, the
retiring noble grand.
Th*> officers of Walhalla Rebekah
Ledge the German lodge of this city,
were installed July 11 by District Deputy
President of the Assembly Pauline Franz
in a manner that has never before been
equaled in this lodge. She was assisted
fry Mr?. Christine Peterson as marshal.
The new officers are:
Enms. Orminrer. N. G.; Bertha Proli, N. G.;
Frida Person. V. c, , Christine Ackman. «.:
IriM PiKStr R S. • Geortfna Henken, F. S.:
oSfe'Cm V.: Dora S?r*lk*n. w. : M«rr
Ho-kinr C ; Anna Suhr. I. G. ; Dora \ aa
(Wi »s4 Ar.na Gc*tz Kaus, S. to X. G.:
pX£<-a O*nwi. L. P. to V. G.: Pauline Hert
ta£SU Anna Bock. Q. K.; bottle Sleba. Tilli*
LoV«-ntx Dr. Emma I^fontaine and Louise
Golden. B- B.
This was followed by the presentation
of appropriate tokens of fraternal love
and remembrance to the retiring, noble
grand, financial wcretary. recording sec
retary and the new noble grand. After
Ujb close of the lodge there was an ad
journment to another hail, where an in
stallation banquet was partaken of. Mrs.
Georgina Her.ken. past noble grand of
this lodge, has been selected as one of
unusual merit upon whom to confer the
degree cf chivalry.
*
THE thirty-fifth anniversary cele
bration of the institution of Her
man, the youngest of the German
lodges of the Independent Order of
T. K. Bradley. S.; O. H. Budske. S. S.; C.
West. J. S.; A. Friedman, P.; William Gold
man. C. of R.: J. Goodall. K. of W.; E. La*
treto, G. Dastarue and S. Goldman, trustees.
This was followed by a feast of corn and veni
son In the lower lonjr hall, where ther« were
a number of Ions and short talks by the
new cbiefa and those who went into the rear
of the forest. The social club of Yosernitu
and the members of Onelda Council of the
T). of P. will go on a picnic to San Rafael
Park July 2C.
On the occasion of the adoption of a
class of fifty palefaces by Yosemlte Trioe
recently the adoption degree waa con
ferred by Yosemite's team, the warrior's
degree by the team of Altahmos Tribe
and the chief's degree by a team from
Miantonomah Tribe. The following
named have been raised as the chiefs of
Yosemite Tribe:
Petaluma Tribe, located in the city of
that name, on July 18 dedicated Its new
hall at the corner of Western avenue and
Kentucky street with a great <}eal of
ceremony. During the evening there was
the raising up of the new chiefs, after
which there was an address by Carl T.
Saywell. The tribe was visited by more
than fifty members of Yulupa Tribe of
Santa Rosa.
The reports received at the office of the
great chief of records show that the net
gain during the present great sun session
surpasses the record of any previous
great sun term. The gain will exceed 3000.
which is more than double that of any
previous term In the history of the order.
The annual picnic of Altahmo« Tribe
was held this year July 12 at El Campo.
There was a good attendance and all had
a very enjoyable time. The committee In
charge had a novel programme of games
and races and did everything that Red
Men could do to make the affair a suc
cess. It was the unanimous opinion that
the committee was emin#itly successful.
The committee was composed of William
J. Blaisdell. J. H. Stelnman, W. B. Welch-,
H. M. Blankensteln and H. L. La Coste.
Great Sachem TyreU- made arrange
ments for visits as follows: He went to
Watsonville on July 15, where there was
the adoption of a number, of palefaces;
then he went to Salinas, and from there
to Fresno, Hanford. Lemoote and Visalla.
On July 24 he will go to Eureka, and will
be accompanied by the degree team of
Pocahontas Council. The council at that
place has appropriated $300 for the trans
portation and entertainment of the* team.
which will confer the three degrees In the
amplified form on a large class of pale
faces.
11. Jacob Samuels, great senior sagamore,
will be advanced to great sachem, C. S.
Davis to great senior sagamore, and for
great Junior sagamore there is but one
candidate so far, A. D. Manson of Nevada
City. Just to make the thing interesting
this year there will be one candidate in
opposition to the very popular great chief
of records. Porter L. Bliss. The one
named is O. F. Seavey, P. G. S.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JULY 19, 1903.
THE next Great Council of the Im
proved Red Men of the reservation
of California will be held in the State
Capitol, Sacramento, commencing August
The Red Men.
The Eastern Star.
WORTHY GRAND PATRON. MRS.
MABEL BOYD SEYMOUR has
. concluded her official visits in the
southern part of , the' State and during her
stay In that section she visited Alhambra,
Pacific, Esperanza and South. Gate chap
ters of Los "Angeles, Southern Star of San
Diego, Pasadena of .'¦ Pasadena, Hermosa
of > Santa Ana and Silver Wave of , San
Otto Barman. C. C: H. W. Cousins, V. C;
Henry Levy. P.; Oswald S. Mlsh. M. of W.;
A. H. Kasper. M. of E. : Julius Caiman. M. of
F. ; Charles E. Morris, K. of It. and S. ; Georga
Ounster. M. at A.; J. W. Atkins, I. O., and
David Hart. O. G.
After the ceremony Past Chancellor Ja
cob Samuels on behalf of the lodge pre
sented to Charles E. Morris, keeper of
records and seal, a valuable sold watch
and chain In appreciation of his faithful
services during the pas; welve years as
such, officer. Jacob Marks, the retiring
chancellor commander, was pre»«nt«d
a past chancellor's Jewel.
BAY CITY LODGE, Knights of Pyth
ias, had the following installed as
its officers for the current term by
Charles E. Morey. D. G. C:
Knights of Pythias.
The general organizer Is at work In the
preparation of three new councils to be
instituted In this city within a very short
time.
ECHOES FROM THE LODGE ROOM
47I BRIDE-TO-BE WHOM FRIENDS ARE PLANNING TO ENTERTAIN;
DAUGHTER OF UNITED STATES AND SOCIETY GIRL
WHOSE PEN IS WINNING HER FAME IN LONDON.
Mr. Otis Skinner is now in London, as
Is Miss Ada Rehan, where they are to
meet ; Mr. George C. Tyler on his return
from Italy, to "arrange the respective di
vision of time for the plays In their reper
toire-for the coming season. Great in
terest naturally attaches to Miss Rehan's
resumption of her world-famous roles of
Katherine and Lady Teazle, but there Is
little doubt among those who comprehend
Mr. Skinner's remarkable talent that his
impersonation of Shyjock will also prove
one which this generation 'will not be
likely to forget. With Otis Skinner as
Shylock and Ada Rehan as Portia, they
supported by a cast which is worthy of
them and appearing in the original Au-
Plays and Players.
lar society devotee landed cne of the
most promising catches of the season
upon short acquaintance and proudly
added a large solitaire to her collection.
The couple had basked m tbe sunshine
of each other's smiles for a week when
Miss Prentice strove to be like the lady
with the glove. They wer« walking along
the surf in their bathing suits and the
plunged into the waves and, after swim
ming some distance, appeared to be float
ing seaward. Much alarmed, the would
be Romeo swam after, in spit© of his ex
haustion, and was about to. seize, her
when she made an elusive sweep and
swam gracefully to' shore with ¦ rather
more pride than a man can stand . from
one of the weaker sex. The man lost no
The men are. waxing more enthusiastic
than I wish they were over the latest fad
of tho wearing of half-hose among wom
en. I cannot see what earthly good • it
does them to be solicitous in. the matter
of our wearing apparel.' I am sure we do
not return the compliment any further
than to covet an occasional necktie. But
the way the men look down with affected
modesty, entering mild protests in disap
proval-of women who don men's socks,
timidly urging the while their esthetic
values, makes one very tired. The men
should try to realize -that: the. custom of
wearing half-hose is adopted for the sole
purpose of keeping cool, and ' will be pop
ular only in the country or in; Eastern
cities of a hot climate.. The anxious men
may hover about The Call bulldlrisr on a
time In breaking the engagement and has
since become something of a woman
hater. And thereby hangs a moral.
A few of the wise girls staying. In town
are camping on 'the trail of last winter's
crushes and really have a clearer Held
and every Indication of a successful cam
paign if they are at 'all serious in their
Intentions. The men in question can run
up to the house to luncheon, even call
every evening, and still have time left
in which to write letters to the absent
ones. There can always be a hammock
on the porch and papa- can usually be
sent to bed early. - The 'was-once debu
tante entertains her caller much more in
formally than in the winter . Beacon and
makes him feel very much at home. I He
roams about the house, has access to the
Ice box and— to use a borrowed expression
—has ill the comforts of home* without
knowing the inconvenience of paying the
bills
A New York paper has the following:
Mfss Paula Edwardes Is going to take
an unusual step to qualify for the work
that she has laid out for herself as the
star in "Winsome Winnie" next season.
She purposes spending some of her sum
mer In a California boarding school.
It is not to study the intricacies of
mathematics nor to take up , any of the
usual accomplishments that the pretty
little comedienne will tear herself away
from her comfortable home' In this -city
and become a schoolgirl again. Her ob
ject ls~ to familiarize herself with the
Western girls' ¦ slang in all its possible
ramifications.
The new operatic comedy by Jacobow
ski and Paulton, authors dt "Ermlnle."
revolves about, a California schoolgirl,
¦who is made a prisoner by brigands while
traveling with a party of English tour
ists. Miss Edwardes was selected for th<%
principal part by Manager Sam a 8hu
bert, who had become convinced that she
•was the only actress on the comic opera
stage qualified to portray the romping
schoolgirl. Manager George Edwardes of
the London Gaiety, after much importun
ity, yielded his contract with her in or
der to help her along as a star, so Miss
Edwardes received the part under unus
ual conditions. The authors and the man
ager at once were satisfied to have her
do with their operetta whatever she
deems for the best, and to make such
alterations, additions or eliminations as
she feels proper. , She has been told that
Francis Wilson made the part of Caddie
In the original "Ermlnie" stand out prom
inently by his strong personal work, and
she decided to attempt a creation aa
Winsome Winnie.
So she will start m by getting the real
atmosphere of California school Jlfe. and
while she 13 studying her music she will
attempt to learn up-to-date slang. She. Is
very quick and k«en wltted and. there la
every likelihood that she will make a
complete success in the undertaking, par
ticularly as Mr. Shubert is to surround
her with one of the ?best equipped com
panies ever gathered together.
"i guess I must have mads a hit with
tho dean girls, don't you know," laughed
d'Orsay, as he saw that there were about
fifty fresh-looking young girls In the par
quet, each one distinctively a "grad,"
the other night.
"Yesi I guess you have." answered Miss
GIroux. "Still, these happen to be all
Vassar girls. That was my college, you
know, and I got a note from. one of the
girls yesterday that her whole class would
be here to-night. You are not the whole
works^. you see."
As Miss Glroux turned away, laughing,
d'Orsay muttered, in dire perplexity: ,
"Works? I wonder whether she mean*
anything personal, don't .you know.**
It was noticed last week that tho favor
ite theater of the sweet girl graduate in
Xew York was the Manhattan, where
Lawrance d' Or say and Marian Glroux are
playing the leading roles In "The Earl of
Pawtuckat."
• • •
gustin Daly production, this presentation
should prove a revival of "the legitimate"
that will linger long in th» memory.
windy day without the slightest danger
'of having" their 'sensibilities injured in tho
least. I know., but. one .woman . in San
Francisco who wears socks Instead of
hose, and she has worn them for twenty
years, having formerly lived In Chicago,
where comfort is at a premium, and hav
ing found a convenience she sticks to it.
The sudden death of Viscount Dupplin
in May last put an end to the trip of the
family to America. The Dupplins were to
visit Dr. and Mrs. Charles T. Abbott at
Reno, Nevada, In September, Dr. Abbott
being a cousin of Lady Dupplin, Gladys
Luiz. ''¦¦¦•'\^\ '.%¦¦¦¦'' '• i->'".-r
i Lord Dup'pIInj . with his wife and Infant
son, was the guest; of Sir Edward, and
Lady Hamilton at MIdhurst, England, en
route to the antipodes and America, but
contracted malignant scarlet j fever and
died within three days. Lady Dupplin has
since been living v in seclusion.
Sir Edward . Hamilton possesses ; the
unique distinction- of being the only dou
ble Baronet In England, having succeeded
to the titles of both' his father and uncle.
Lady Gladys Luiz Dupplin was a Miss
Bacon— a granddaughter of the celebrated
Lady Charlotte Bacon, who was a daugh
ter, of the Earl of Oxford. She was the
third of the Oxford family to marry. Into
that of the Klnhoull. The old Earl ; of
Kinhoull recently remarried and the stork
is expected to make its appearance at
Dupplin Castle. toward the 'end of the
present year. The - entail . Is already as
sured, as the late .Viscount Dupplin left
an infant son.
The popular girls of our exclusive set
must put on sackcloth and do penance by
being. as unattractive as possible if they
would get, back, into . the \ good graces of
ie mini no army, society. They seem to be
sadly -out. of favor now, and, it appears,
all: because they are accused of making
wall flowers, of their other friends. "At
the 'Alcatraz Island hop last week many
•" Miss, Mae .Perkins,, daughter of . United
States Senator "Perkins of Oakland, ' is
The ball at Lake Tahoe is rolling mer
rily, along.' - William . H.' Crocker > has I gone
there > to * console *; himself during : Mrs.
Crocker's absence abroad. Sir. and Mrs.
Gordon' Blandlng, ¦ Miss • Blanding, • Miss
Susie Blandlng. and Miss - Henrietta 'S.
Blanding are enjoying ; their new '. launch
Immensely. Mrs. Will Tevis is with them.
Mrs. V. K. Maddox and Knox 'Maddox
aro'also . there. '; Among- others ': are Mrs.
W. ; II. Mills and Miss t Elizabeth '- Mills,
the George Boardmans^'Mr. 'and : Mrs., W.
G. Irwln and". Miss Helen . Irwin, Mrs.
Lewis Gers tie and Miss Gcrstle. the Fred
Magees, the. Henry Lunds, Miss /Juliet
Garber of Oakland and the. Van Sicklena
of Alameda. •
.. » ¦-,. » . •
• I wonder tf the feeling prevalent In mili
tary life that the army comes next to roy
alty, was responsible for the. plan of tak
ing the guests home 'after the Alcatraz
hop? ' " ¦ .jf \ t • • .':"•,
It .seems that .the tug 'McDowell made
but one trip, starting at midnight and go-
Ing In a round-about way. to Angel Island.
Fort Mason. Presidio- and ' other: points,
taking ' all - army : people • home " first and
landing the civilians at the ferry; too, late
to catch a car home. .' In consequence, I
understand,' the city folk waited about the
lorry - for carriages ! and- did > not , : reach
their downy couches until the wee small
hours. .1 imagine there were some sleepy
people the next morning, and I would not
like; to chronicle what they : must have
said. ' ..' , ." . . ¦ "¦¦;¦ ¦'•¦ ¦•:,' :'•. ' ' .
Miss Agnes Tobin Is In London, where
she Is devoting her time to study and lit
erary work, but will return to San Fran
cisco next" winter to visit her mother,
Mrs. M. *A. Tobin. .Miss Tobln's recent
book, "Love's Cruciflx," shows. great tal
ent and cleverness, and gives the writer a
prominent place in the world of letters.
This translation « Includes nine sonnets
and a canzone from Petrarch. It is said
that these sonnets" of "Petrarch" did fully
as much as the "Divina Commedla" of
Dante to establish the language of Italy,
so that -Miss -Tobln's skillful Interpreta
tions are more than worth while. Miss
Alice ; Mennell of ' London, who wrote the
preface of Miss Tobln's book. Is a sister
of Lady Butler and is well known: In lit
erary circles, both In this country and
abroad. ...'.' ¦
You mean the navy, Interrupted the
wife 'of a nautical dignitary, who In turn
was greeted with :
"That is a matter of opinion."
a woman bestowed a chilly glance upon
these city girls, who were Invited to give
local color to the military affair, and. Im
mediately upon entering the ballroom
with their stunning gowns and highbred
airs, became the center of absorbing in
terest among the officers, to the neglect,
perhaps, of the fair army contingent.
There was quite a murmur of dissent and
one matron 1 of the Thirteenth Infantry
plainly remarked:
"When I invited the officers I expected
them to devote themselves to me and not
give their entire attention to those city
girls." ; :; : o:
"Yes," said another, "our poor army
girls should receive the attention befit
ting their rank. In Europe tho army
comes next: to royalty In the social scale."
• «_'»• " \«
Mr. and Mrs. Frederick Innes are again
at the Nordhoff . - :>
Mr. and Mrs.' J. Ghirardelll and children
are "at Capltola. (
"Courtney Bennett, the English Consul,
Is at present In the mountains on a camp
ing trip.
• • . •
Misses . Ednah and Helen ; Robinson are
visiting -their sister, Mrs. S. Theller, in
East* Oakland. .
Mrs. Lucid M. Hayes has been spending
a' week with the M. H. de Youngs at their
country home, Meadowlands, at San Ra
fael.'' \
Mrs. M. J._Newmark will spend most of
the summer In this city. She is the guest
of her daughter, Mrs. Alfred Sutro, for
merly Rose Newmark.
Mrs. Davenport and Miss Eleanor Dav
enport, win sail August 8 for the Orient.
They have rented their house on Broad
way to the E.E.-Brownells and will re
main away about six months. .
• • •
Miss Elsie Sperry and Miss Mayo Col
burn are among the friend's of Miss Kath
ryn Robinson- planning to -entertain for
the bride-elect prior to her marriage to
George Beardsley.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Raoul-Duval
(formerly Beatrice Tobln) are spending
the summer at Fontainebleau, France,
and have with them their little daughter,
Madeleine. At the end of August the Du
vals ¦will go to Mentone, and later return
to their home near Rugby, England.
The midsummer shoot which takes place
at Monterey, next month will be well at
tended. Quite a contingent from Burling
ame will go down for the affair. Among
those present wlil be Mr. and Mrs. Fran
cis Carolan, Mr. and Mrs. Walter S. Mar
tin, Mrs. Eleanor Martin, Mrs. Gus Tay
lor, Miss Flood and Mr. Twlggs.
making preparations to sail for the Orient
on August S. Miss Perkins will probably
accompany Mrs. J. P. Martin and Mrs. J.
T. Barraclough. They will visit Japan
and China, returning in a few months to
San Francisco. Miss Perkins is very pop
ular among the younger set, her home.
Oak Knoll, Vernon Heights, having been
the scene of, many delightfully Informal
affairs.
let the fair ones follow his own tactics one
short season— the gladsome summer-time
— without railing at the Inconstancy of
woman. - >
But. dear pirls. a bit of advice: do not
show' too much superiority Just because
you have taken the relr.s in your own
hands or you may suddenly find your
selves out of an engagement as did Miss
Prentice of Richmond recently at an
Kastern seaside. It is said that this popu-
fair lady's handkerchief fluttered away
into the water. The useful young man
saw what was expected of him and swam
after it, returning very much out of
breath.
Now I regret to say that nature did
not equip the. young man with the
strength of a Hercules, but the bride-to
be was more favored. Wishing to show
how much better she could swim, she
THE summer girl is not ticking her
self at all seriously and as the
young man is the one to make
the Important move, he should
not be surprised If 6he accepts
him. Neither should he be surprised to
find that he is not alone cither In his de- ¦
votlon or in holding acceptance of his
worship, for the real summer girl never
<!oes .anything half tray and. if she goes
In for contemporaneous engagements, and
plenty of them, the young man must not .
mind.
The old idea of being engaged to on»
man seems to the summer gir! quite com
monplace and out of date. She must be
enpared while & the country— that goes
without saying— frr she would otherwise
have to appear constantly with a cha
perone end that would spoil a drive or
moonlight promenade completely. So en
gagements are made and broken at con
venient intervals by the ead sea waves
•r.d. If the younr man is cut when he re
turns to town. Jet him take it gracefully,
for It Is the way of a man with a maid
nearly til the year around and he*should
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. J5I7NBAY; JULY 19, 1903.
SOCIETY
48