Continued on Page 4, Column 6.
• ¦*•- - ; ¦ ¦ • - ¦ •
NEWARK. N. J.. Aug. 17.— Judge Klrk
patrlck to-day signed an order permit
ting the New York Security and Trust
Company to bring suit against James
Smith, as receiver for the United States
Shipbuilding Company, In foreclosure pro
ceedings on the n0,00O v 00O mortgage on
the Bethlehem Steel "Works. . .. .
May Sue Shipyard Trust. J
On Thursday morning the solution be
gan to have the effect noped for. Before
daylight the kidneys, under the effect o£
the stimulant, 'threw off most N of the
poisonous liquids caused by tha tetanus
bacillus. In the same time the pulse
beats were reduced from 144 per minute
to 104 per minute.
Three veins were opened In the boy's
right arm, and. by means of an Instru
ment that resembled a fountain syringe,
the salt solution was made to mingle
with the blood. The operation was re
peated on Wednesday morning and even
ing.
CHICAGO, Aug. 17.— A cure for lockjaw
has at last been discovered. The cure 13
not a theoretical one. % It has been tested
and proved. The discoverer is Dr. Samuel
A. Mathews. professor of pharmacology
In the University of Chicago.
Mathews' treatment of the dread disease
consists of an intravenous injection of
salt solution. The treatment has just
been tried 'for the first time on George
Newman, the 11-year-old son of J. M.
Newman of South Chicago.
The patient had. an acute attack of the
malady and was in the last stages when
Dr. Mathews was asked to try his newly
discovered remedy. As a result the spec
ter of death has vanished and Georga
Newman is able to sit up in bed.
.The logic of Mathews' discovery is sim
ply this: The function of the kidneys Is to
carry away from the body all things that
tend to poison the blood. The poison
which causes lockjaw is produced by the
tetanus bacillus, a motile germ which
forms in wounds. This poison, in cases
of lockjaw, paralyzes the kidneys to such
an extent that they are unable to per
form their functions and carry it out of
the system.
Mathews found from experiments with
rabbits, the blocd of which had been pois
oned with tetanus bacillus or with mor
phine, that a solution of salt, when In
jected into their blood, greatly stimulated
the uctlon of the kidneys.
On Wednesday. July 13. while playing
near bis home, George Newman caught
the large toe of his right foot between the
chain and cog wheel of a bicycle and that
member was mangled. Dr. Hartman of
South Chicago was summoned, dressed
the toe and It began to heal nicely. Eleven
days later, however, symptoms of lockjaw
appeared, and from that time the child
grew, steadily worse.
Last Tuesday the attending doctors told
the anxious parents that ' they could do
no more: that death was a question of a
very short time. One of the ddctors told
the elder Newman of Professor Mathewa
and his experiments. Mathews was sum
moned. When he arrived George had been
In spasms, the last fatal symptom of the
disease, for five hours. Mathews had lit
tle hope in such an extremity.
Special Dispatch to The Can.
Restoration Is Effected After
Physicians Had fijven
Up Hope.
Injection of Salt So
lution Relieves
Sufferer.
In the afternoon martial music sounded
through the streets and there was a re
markable sight. witnessed as a drum and
fife - corps of old soldiers marched up to
the. Palace Hotel headquarters of the
Grand Army.
. The veterans blew the fifes and beat
the sheepskins with; just as much .vigor
as '-they uid when they went forth forty
years ago at their country's call.
1 Thousands , of old soldiers gathered on
the* sidewalks \ and with tear bedtmxned
eye* listened to the war 'tunes which had
led them to victory and which had sound-
* The famous generals, who figured In the
conflict of forty years ago were on hand
and they mingled with their comrades of
many campflres.
The old soldiers who had saved up their
money In order to attend the encamp
ment were, given a hearty welcome by
their former "bunkies" to whom fate
bad accorded plenty of the world's goods.
i No matter how rich or how poor a sol
dier might be, all were on an equal foot-
Ing yesterday,' for all had fought in the
ranks to . preserve . the . glorious - flag, of
which many thousand floated to the
breeze yesterday. ' i ¦
7CEET ON EQUALITY.
Men who^had suffered all the horrors of
Southern prisons Jostled in the crowd
with their comrades who had furnished
the inspiring strains of tho familiar war
alra "and songs that led them. to. many of
the fields of battle.' • »
, White-haired. and infirm veterans of the
Mexican -War marched up and down the
streets and too ! often, - alas, • were com
pelled to lean on the arms of the vigorous
young fellows from the Presidio who to
day represent. the army of Uncle Sam. • ;
The entire day was given over to meet
ing* old comrades and new - friends and
from one headquarters to another th* old
soldiers and women of the affiliated so
cieties went. Every State had its head
quarters for the Grand Army and for the
Woman's Relief Corps and the Ladles of
the G. A. R.
The main center of the gatherings was
at the Palace Hotel, where the. bulk of
the headquarters are located. With re
markable vigor the veterans and the la
dles visited room after room. In the hotel
and the greetings accorded to the guests
of the various headquarters were most
affectionate.
Ladles of the Grand Army of the* Re
public arrived In many crowds and joined
their sisters who had preceded them.
Hour after hour the scenes on Market
street became more animated and by noon
the thoroughfares were congested. Tho old
soldiers and sailors mingled with Che
khakl-elad young veterans of the Span
ish-American War, rosy-cheeked army
nurses were greeted by those who had
followed the same profession forty years
ago, but whose hair had whitened with
the passing decades.
SCENES OF ANIMATION.
In addition to the heroes of the Civil
War who fought on dozens of bloody bat
tlefields, there were the brawny men who
served wltlj Farragut and other naval
commanders. Hundreds of brave women
who did heroic work in caring for the
sick and wounded during the conflict be
tween the North and South reached thl3
city to join in the reunion that marks the
greatest epoch in th_e history of the
world.
the midst of the important
event of the Thirty-seventh Encampment
of the Grand Army of the Republic.
According to conservative estimates
more "than 25,000 visitors .were in this eity
¦yesterday " and •^there'kre* still 'more to
come."
All day yesterday special trains rolled
into, the Oakland mole and sent thousands
of veterans and their friends across the
bay into San Francisco.
f w»^ AN FRANCISCO threw open
- b^- her gates yesterday in wide
>|^*v fashion and gave generc _*?
jk welcome to the heroes of the
* Civil War, who are now jr
Chicago Scientist
Saves Life of
Jr cl 116110.
Throngs Fill
the City's-
Hotels.
LOCKJAW
YIELDS TO
NEW CURE
More Arrivals
Add to the
Crowds.
Continued 'on Page .4/ Column 1.
eral of the Grand Army. In discussing
the nomination ¦ of his lifelong friend,
Colonel Partridge said that it had;!be^n
arranged to have General Black placed
In * nomination ' * by '" General' Thomas G.'
Lawior, ; former commander in chief' of
i'shed^ until: the ¦ next ; encampment.", -
ir The.Jioyalty : to, 'General ? Black ¦ was
shown^on, /all 'Bides yesterday. Even
f rlends".'*of - General Miles, " while '¦ praising
the G. A. R.',. and. he added:, ; — " •< -,;-¦¦
V*}"Just' whb\and how' many • will
the ; I r ; am' j not , prepared >to
state, ¦ * but • if , th« \ privilege' .wa« j extended
to \ the ; limit . 1 1 will i vouchsafe? that {the
seconding '-, speeches -would'" not ; lSe • fli-
WASHINGTON. Aug. 17.— By order of
Acting Secretary cf the Navy Darling,
the contracts with the Crescent Ship
building Company of Elizabethport, N. J..
for the construction of the cruiser Chat
tanocga and the torpedo boats Nicholson
and OBrien have been canceled. The
vessels, which have been launched, will
•e completed at a government yard.
Navy Cancels Contracts.
GLOVERSVILLE, N. T., Aug. 17.— The
body cf George Evans came to the sur
face of Canada Lake early to-day after
sa explosion of dynamite. Evans and
Miss Florence Brown have been missing
for seme days, having gone for a boat
ride acd not returned. Evans was to
have come into a fortune to-day. Search
has be«n kept up on land and water ever
since their disappearance, and last night
£ report frcm Newark elated that they
had been seen there after the time of the
eupposed drowning and an elopement was
suggested. This, however, was disproved
to-day by the finding of Evans* body.
Searchers Becover Remains of Miss
ing Uew YorkMan From
Canada Lake.
EXPLOSION BBIN&S BODY
TO SUEFACE OF WATER
Steep Grade and Miles of
Snowsheds to Be Done
Away With.
Engineers of both the Union Pacific
end the Southern Pacific have gone over
the plans and ore sent out from the East
by E. H. Harriman has Just completed
en inspection, all of them making favor
able reports. Harriman has ordered the
proper officials to undertake the work.
CINCINNATI. Ohio, Aug. 17.— There
fcave been reports recently that the suit
of Talbot J. Taylor and others to prevent
the Union Pacific Company voting at the
election cf the Southern Pacific Company
would be withdrawn. It is stated that
during the recent flurries In Wall street
the Harriman and Keene interests had
reached an agreement, at least so far
as the appeal frcm the recent decision of
Judge Lurton of Nashville was concerned.
But these reports were set aside to-day
¦when it was announced that the cause
had been set for hearing here on the
docket of the. United States Circuit Court
of Appeals next month and that the as
tigr.ment was approved by counsel in the
No dista-r.ee wOl b« saved by these im
provements; In fact, the line will be a
trifle longer than the present one, but
the increased distance will be much more
than made up by the decrease in the
grade and the elimination of the sheds,
¦which have always been a source of much
trouble.
OMAHA, Neb., Aug. 17.— Forty-five miles
of new track, including a tunnel through
the crest cf the Sierra Nevada, Is among
the improvements to be made on the
Southern Pacific In the immediate future,
according to information given out at
Union Pacific headquarters to-day. The
new track and the tunnel will cost be
tween $5,000,000 and 57,000,000 and will re
duce the maximum grade over the moun
tains to Eixty-flve feet and also eliminate
forty miles cf snow sheds, which are now
necessary on the old line. The work will
reduce the high point en the line by 600
feet.
£;*cUJ Dlrp&tch to The CiIL
Millions Will Be Ex
pended on Southern
Pacific.
No one knows better the political situa
tion within the Grand Army, in so far
as the new commander In chief is con
cerned, than General Stewart and that
his chief of staff should bo emphatically
express himself may be regarded as very
significant v _-
At the headquarters of the Illinois del
egation, where the stanchest of General
Black's supporters are to be found, it
was given out among the. delegates last
night by Department Commander
Partridge that there would be no
opposition to General Black at , the
convention, and that possibly the
convention' would, in accordance* with
an old custom and a privilege.?' it' enjoys
under the by-laws, vote to have the vic
torious ballot cast by the adjutant gen-
BLACK'S SUPPORTERS.
With Bulkeley out of the running the
contest narrowed down to the prominence
of Black as a candidate and to a ques
tion as to whether the friends of General
Miles would endeavor to induce him to
permit bis name to be used. While the
speculation was rife, however, the an
nouncement was made on the authority
of General J. Corey Winans, chief of staff
to General Stewart, that General Miles
would not be nominated, but would be
one of those to second the nomination
of General Black. -.'£¦?
"I have Just come from General Black's
rooms," said the officer, "and it Is as
certain as the coming day that General
Miles is prepared to support the first
named. He is an' old friend of Black,
fully appreciates the popularity of the
Illinois man and knows too well that
his own strength, even should his friends
decide to put his name forward, is not
sufficient to assure him a victory.
"You can mention General Miles as
among those who .are anxious to second
the nomination of Black and he would
gladly accept the opportunity to put his
old friend in nomination himself. He h'ks
never announced his candidacy for the
commander In chief of the Grand Army
and if it had not been for several news
papers which, for reasons best known to
themselves, brought, him suddenly, to. the
fore as a possible candidate, bis name
would not have been considered hi con
nection with the high position at this en
campment. In the future 'General Miles
may possibly be placed In command of
the Grand Army. In fact I have learned
that a number of States are already
planning such a move"." '¦-'• -"¦-
ONLY ONE CANDIDATE.
"Weeks before the pilgrimage of the old
soldiers to the coast began General Black
had received a pledge of support" from
thirteen States, among them being Ala
bama, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas,
Louisiana. Mississippi, Michigan, Minne
sota, Missouri, Nebraska, New York,
Pennsylvania and Wisconsin. Since his
arrival here other States have been send
ing to his headquarters their assurance
of loyalty until enough were pledged to
guarantee the stalwart old warrior an
election against any and all opposition.
Last evening it was announced that the
candidacy of Morgan G. Bulkcley, de
partment commander of Connecticut, had
not developed farther than a boomlet,
which had its origin in the delegation
from the Nutmeg State about a month
ago. Early in the day it was reported
that it was the" plan of the delegation to
place Bulkeley in nomination with the
idea of making him a possibility in the
future, but at the headquarters of the
delegation last evening it was authori
tatively stated that Commander Bulkeley
had no intention of allowing his name to
go before the convention, but would Join
with other strong men at the encampment
in advocating the election of General
Black.
ganization compared figures
and conceded that General John C. Black
was not only the logical candidate but
was certain of election.
j, LL doubt as to who will be the
JBl next commander in chief of
Xra the Grand Army of the Re-
public was settled yesterday
¦dC JbL when the leaders of the or-
Harriman Orders
Alteration in
Railroad.
TO TUNNEL
THE CREST
OF SIERRA
But One Can
didate in
Field.
Law lor Will
Name New
Leader.
SAN FRANCISCO. iiTDtESp^Y^tAU&USTK 18^ 1903.
PBICE ETVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCIV— XO. 79.
GENERAL NELSON A. MILES WILL SECOND THE NOMINA TION
OF GENERAL JOHN C. BLACK FOR DISTINGUISHED OFFICE
OF COMMANDER-IN-CHIEF OF GRAND ARMY OF REPUBLIC
The San Francisco Call.National president, Mrs. Margaret Hamilton
of Wakefleld, Mass.; national senior vice presi
dent, Mrs. Susannah Krlps of Philadelphia; na
tional junior vice president, Mrs. Elizabeth A.
Tarble of Aurora. 111. ; national secretary. Miss
Kate Scott of Brookvllle, Pa. ; national treas-
To-night they will attend the reception
of the Woman's Relief Corps of San
Francisco.
Yesterday a large majority of the nurses
went cut to the park and Cliff House and
came back loud in their praises of their
trip. Last night they were the guests of
the national officers of the Woman's Re
lief Corps at a reception tendered them
at the Palace Hotel. £ >--.,•-
urer. Miss Cornelia Hancock of Philadelphia;
national councilor and also delegate to Women's
Relief Corps, Mrs. Delia A. B. Fay of New
York; past national president, Mrs. EwlnfE of
Phoenixville. Pa.: Mrs. Annie Stevens, Massa
chusetts; Mrs. Elizabeth Chapman. Illinois:
Mrs. Rebecca Smith. Minnesota: Anna Ferry
Smith, San Diego; Miss H. It. Shapless. Penn
sylvania; Mrs. Amanda Smyth. Ohio: Mrs.
Frick, Pennsylvania; Mrs. Fox, New Jersey;
Mrs. H. E. Judkins. Victor. Cal.; Mrs. Mar-
Raret Meserole Hayes, Los Angeles: Mrs. Mary
J. France. San Francisco; Mrs. Susannah D.
Clark of Indiana.
Continued on Page 4, Column 2.
only her own but whoever might be in
need of nursing on the bloody battlefields.
Not all the persuasion of friends or rela
tives could hold back this one of many
such heroines, and from 1862 to 1884 Mrs.
Paulk traveled on the Mississippi River
between 'Fort Armstrong; and keokuk,
serving mankind and country.
Even to old warriors each story of the
war days seemed to give some new reve
lation of hardships, of suffering, of hero
ism and of cruel death.
Comrade E. M. Chamberlain of Albany,
N. Y., happened to peep in- at the door
of the headauarters of the Woman's Re
lief Cores, when, to his amazement, he
saw a figure standing before him who he
Instantly recognized. as his old tent mate,
A. T. Large, the architect of Los An
geles. ... -
The ereetlng was so -profuse* and sud
den that all were taken aback. . These
two men enlisted together and had not
met. until yesterday, for thirty-eight
years.
The women were no less Interested in
the two old comrades becoming reunited
once more than were .'the two men them
selves and for some time rejoicing ¦ pre
vailed In the rooms.
SAN JOSE'S HOSPITALITY.
During the afternoon John Edward Lee,
secretary of the Citizens' General Com
mittee of Santa Clara County, paid ' the
two women's organizations a visit .and
promised thetn a' hearty welcome when
they ehall grace the city of San Jose on
Saturday..
Comrade Lee told of the big preparation
which is going on; how they had provid
ed arrangements whereby the committee
will be enabled to seat no less than 4000
souls around the great viand-weighted
tables which will', be placed within • the
beautiful St. James Park.
Comrade ; Lee also enlightened the ; la
dies on the topography of the cou,nty and
promised that plenty of.-, conveyances'
¦would be provided to carry them all ;to
the orchards and wineries and pther
places of industrial energy within "and
outside the city. •,• . . . t •
In honor of the visitors while the ban
quet is taking place Company B," Na
tional Guard, will do duty t - around ; Sit.
James square and the military band . will
discourse music. ¦. ", ,
The members ; of .the .organizations, were
delighted to hear ' of all the good things
in store for them at the Garden' City.-V
Owing to . the absence . of . Mrs. ' J. Tall
raadge, Mrs. E. M.; Chamberlain,.". past
department ¦; president, New 4 -.Tork? State,
had charge of , the Newy York, delegation
yesterday. It Is probable that : Mrs.
Chamberlain will have room 983 allotted ,
Mrs. Annie F. Paulk, past national cor
responding secretary and past senior vice
department president of the Woman's Re
lief Corps, was one who to Inquirers told
of her husband's and her brothers' service
in the army of their country. She graph
ically told how she determined to aid not
It was in these rooms of the Woman's
Relief . Corns and the Ladles of the G.
A. R. that the representatives of noble
American womanhood stood out magnifi
cently, 6plendidly and valiantly, for all
had taken some patriotic part In the days
of carnage, destruction and the ultimate
and glorious welding together of the
Union.
NOBLE ACHIEVEMENTS.
To be sure, the quarters of the Woman's
Relief Corps and the Ladies of the G.
A. R. were for the women, but there was
a strong desire on the part of the veter
ans to pay their respects to the good
women, and consequently many an hour
passed with the recounting of good and
exciting old war stories and sentimental
reference to those who had been called
away by death.
Among the women were nurses that
had bravely and lovingly followed their
husbands and their sons and brothers to
the front hoping, should necessity arise,
to be able to minister to their urgent
needs.
Some old veteran would meet one of
these noble women and with tear dim
med eyes would remind her of. her good
ness and unselfish sarcriflces when danger
was threatening- every life.
the Palace Hotel yesterday and
genial and affectionate greetings by old
friends were . heard and witnessed in
every direction. It was a day of meet
ings of friends long separated.
For the receptions, all of which were
informal, the rooms of the headquarters
representing each State were prettily dec
orated and bouauets were placed on ta
bles by the women of California, while
generous invitations ' were given to par
take of the marvelous fruits of the State.
And all those who had not visited Cali
fornia before wondered at the luxurious
and unlimited quantities of luscious grapes
and boxes of great pink bloomed peaches.
The stars and stripes were everywhere
in the forefront and every man and every
woman was highly decorated with the
honored emblems which testified to their
part l:\ the Union's achievement.
THE various State departments of
the Woman's Relief Corps and
those of the Ladies of the G.
A. R. opened headquarters at
her department at the Palace Hotel.
. New York State is the only State in the
Union having an Indian Circle and Mrs.
Chamberlain explained to her callers yes
terday that the circle is called "Red
Jacket" and that the members are under
the same jurisdiction as the Daughters of
the Revolution."
INDIAN LADIES OF G. A. B-.
The Seneca Tribe of the- Ladles of the
G. A. R, live in the western part of New
York State, on the Catteraugus Reserva
tion, near Buffalo. The husbands of the
women of the organization fought. in the
Civil War and their wives hold the honor
of the organization with reverence.
There was a quiet talk yesterday in
several quarters about the forthcoming
election of a national president of Ladles
of the Grand Army. •
So far there are several candidates - in
the field and each is a very popular
woman. ,.')
It is conceded that Mrs. M. Hall, who
was elected national president in October
last at Washington.' has given the utmost
satisfaction and has. proved herself high
ly capable of conducting the distinguished
and responsible , office.
,. However, the election Is looked forward,
to with intense Interest. .
Those who are considered to be candi
dates for_ the presidency are Mrs. Ruth
E. Foote, Department of Colorado and
Wyoming; ; Mrs. Annie E. Riggs, Colum
bus, Ohio; Mrs., Mary T. Hager of Chica
go, 111.. Mrs. Halt of West Virginia and
Mrs. B. Bailey of California.
The rooms of each delegation will be
open at all times . during the days and
evenings of the encampment | for the re
ception and convenience of visitors and
delegates. '
The Woman's Relief Corps, Department
of California-Nevada, will: hold a recep
tion at Golden Gate Hall, Sutter street, on-
Thursday ! evening, and other receptions
will be duly announced at headquarters.
Schools to Be Closed.
The Board of •Education has made the
following announcement: .
: Schools wlh'be closed on Tuesday and "Wed
nesday. August 18 and- 19, to allow: the teach
ers and pupils to participate, in the celebration
of the National Encampment of the Grand
Army of the Republic. The last half hour of
Monday will be devoted to appropriate patriotic
exercises. . - ¦ • ,
«-H"I"K"I--M"H--I"H H H"I"H"H"I-»
Woman's Relief Corps and Ladles of the Grand Army Gather
in Decorated Parlors at Hotels.
The Union Ex-Prisoners of War are
holding forth in Lyric Hall, on Eddy
nrect. The interior has been beautifully
decorated. Flags' and bunting, flowers
stid potted plants have turned the hall'
into a veritable bower. The old soldiers
¦who suffered imprisonment in Anderson
ville, LIbby, Belle' Isle and other terrible
places o£ confinement are gathered there
EX-PBISONEBS OP "WAIL
The department of Michigan has opened
headquarters in the Grand Hotel. The
plan of registration adopted by the
soldiers from that State is a clever one.
A long rail with protruding pins with
the name of the regiment over each pin
has been placed against the wall. Tags
are given the visitors and all those who
vrcre members of the thirty infantry
regiments sent forth by the Wolverine
State cr the numerous other military or
ganizations recruited from its citizens
are invited to place their card on the
book, so that their comrades may look
them up. One man proudly said that he
met four members of his company whom
he had not seen since the close of hostil
ities. To say that he was delighted was
putting 1 it mildly. How those old vet
erans eot together and told of the days
that will never come again was well
worth listening to. The names of com
i-ades who have crossed to the other
shore were recalled and kindly words
v/crc tpoken of them. •
The Sacramento Valley Veterans Brig
ade Association is holding- forth in the
main hall of the Lick House. As the vis
itor enters this hospitable place his eyes
are greeted by a sign over the door
which reads: "We drank from the same
canteen, 1£€1— 1903. Shake." Long tables
of fruit are displayed and the visitor is
asked to help himself. The brigade rep
resents the counties of Colusa. Butte.
Yolo, Sutter, Tuba and Tehama. Rep
resentatives from the various posts in
Sacramento Valley are always in attend
ance and the visitor is hospitably wel
comed. The luscious fruits of the valley
arc highly praised and the plan adopted
by the association is doing lots to ad
vertise the northern part of the State.
Sol Pinheiro, the department color bear
er, has made the following list of flags.
He says they were carried b,y the Fifth
Corps. Third Division; Sixth Corps, Sec
ond Division; Twelfth Corps, Second Di
vision; Twenty-third Pennsylvania Infan
try; Sixty-first Pennsylvania Infantry;
Eighty-Second Pennsylvania Infantry;
Ninety-ninth. Sixty-ninth. One Hundred
and Fourth, Seventy-third. Ninety
eighth, One Hundred and Nineteenth.
One Hundred and Twenty-first. Ninety
fifth. One Hundred and Ninth, One Hun
dred and Eighteenth. Forty-sixth, One
Hundred and Nineteenth, One Hundred
and Twenty-seventh. Ninety-first, Nine
tieth, One Hundred and Fourteenth,
Seventy-first, Twenty-seventh Infantry
regiments; Thirty-third New Jersey and
First California Brigade. The last flag
was carried by Baker's regiment.
Sol Pinheiro proudly wears the Grand
Arrny badge which be pinned on the
hreast of Admiral David D. Porter, when
he became a member of the Grand Army
nt the Republic. He states he presented
the admiral with another badge in order
that he might repossess the precious one
he used in making the distinguished
sailor a member of the organization.
Ihe decorations in the various head
quarters are very artistic and the rooms
arc very inviting. Refreshments and
fruits are being given away with a lavish
hand. The various posts of this city and
State are vying with each other in tKeir
hospitality to the visitors. Thousands of
dollars are being expended in entertain
ment and this year's encampment will be
a memorable one.
Interest seems to center around the Pal
ace Hotel. It is in this famous hostelry
:hat the commander in chief has estab
lished his headquarters. The marble
room has been cet apart to himself and
.staff and the rooms are thronged with
representatives at all organizations.
A guard of honor is on duty all day.
Members of Lincoln Post No. 1 composed
the guard yesterday. D. P. Stoner was
cJBctr cf the guard and J. C. Burns of
<JartH-!d Post v.-as officer of the day. The
puard detail was as f olio we: Sergeant
Story and Privates Noble, O'Malley,
.".'..-.: ¦¦;'»-., Humes, Madden, Hart, Bur
pcyr.e. Stanton, McDermott, Hall, Gin
nety. £•;•!-,:
QENEBAL STEWABT BUSY.
General Ptewart, the commander in
onief. and hi* aids had their hands full
the entile day caring for the duties of
their cflice. Telegrams and letters flow
id in v^ith prcat rapidity and the clerks
wtic kt-ju bu?y sorting the mail and send
ing it to the proper headquarters.
•J be pr< cs committee of the Grand
Army Encampment is holding forth at
the Grand Hotel. Its rooms are tastefully
decorated and refreshments are served to
visiting newspaper men and women who i
are hero to report the encampment. Hugh
Burke, chairman of the committee, has
<23eirru osiftants in Colonel Pierce and
E!mcr LeffingwelL The committee has
three- rooms. i
Each night during the encampment an
entertainment will be given. Last night
an excellent programme was rendered.
Tl-.ere was singing and instrumental mu
sic. The rooms were crowded and the
hosts made things pleasant for all who
visited the headquarters. Great prepara
tions are being made by the press com
mittee for the big reception to be held
on Thursday afternoon in honor of the
visitors. More than 1500 invitations have
been issued. All the prominent newspa
per writers of the city will be present.
Tm Chinese girls in native costume will
serve tea and the Chinese orchestra will
discourse weird music during the recep
tion. The Third Artillery band has also
been enlaced for the occasion. The
Knickerbocker Quartet and other tal
ent has been engaged.
The Pennsylvania delegation, represent
'ingr the department of its State, are hold
ing forth In the maple room of the Pal
ace Hotel. The feature of the decora
tions in this handsome meeting place
are the flags that were carried during
the war by the regiments of Pennsyl
tania. They are twenty-six in number
and are owned by Governor Pennypacker.
It was through his courtesy that the de
partment of Pennsylvania was able to
bring the precious relics to the encamp
ment. They are jealously guarded. They
prove an attractive feature and the vet
erans never tire of gazing upon these
emblems of patriotism.
GUARDS WAS FLAGS.
Vnited States
_> — ATIOXAL and State headquar
ja Tiers were thrown open in all the
/ ft/ hotels ar.d prominent halls yes
fw W terday and throughout the af
ternoon and evening were filled
with members of the Grand Army of the
Republic. Comrades grasped each other's
hands and retold experiences and ex
changed anecdotes. Badges vere distrib
uted and souvenirs were exchanged. The
veterans went from place to place meet
ing their comrades from all parts of the
Veterans Salute
Comrades in
Passing.
He adq uarters
Thrown Open
to All.
FIRST DAY OF ENCAMPMENT IS SPENT IN REUNIONS
Stories Are Told
of Battles
Fought
Old Soldiers Meet
After Many
Years.
£ £ y y A E drank from the same
• • M M ycanteen." This motto
m M f shone resplendent ever
\^^^ the stage in Steinway
Hall last evening and
beneath the familiar words was a splen
did likeness of General George H.
Thomas, after whom the local post takes
its name. The reception tendered by the
post last evening was largely attended.
Had the hall been twice its size it could
not have accomodated the crowds which
poured through the doors. Every seat
was taken and many had -to stand. The
decorations were beautiful and called
forth much favorable comment. Potted
plants, ferns, cut flowers and pafms in
termingled with the national colors and
American flags covered the walls and hid
the stage. Vari-colored lights illuminated
the 'hall and the scene was an animated
one.
A special committee composed of Com
mander A. D. Cutler and comrades Ben
jamin Heath Jr., W. A. Jacobs and Wil
liam Healy had the affair in charge.
Refreshments were served and the Sev.
enth United States Infantry band dis
coursed patriotic music throughout the
evening. " " * "
At 8 o'clock a reception was tendered
to th# ladies. Mrs. A. D. Cutler, wife
of the commander of the post, and the
wives and daughters of the members of
the organization received the visitors.
The evening's programme opened with
a patriotic selection by the band. At its
conclusion. Commander Cutler formally
welcomed the visitors. He expressed his
gratification at the assured success of
the encampment and he invited the visit
ing comrades to make the headquarters
of the post their abiding place during
their stay in this city. He said the doors
of Stelnway Hall would always be open
to visiting comrades and the hand of
good fellowship would always be ex
tended to the men who defended their
country's cause during the dark days of
1S61 and 1S63.
The Knickerbocker Quartet, composed
of Herbert Williams. Dr. R. W. Smith. D.
B. Crane and L. A. Larsen. sang familiar
songs. The rendition of the old songs,
which were heard in the still nights
round the campflres in war time, aroused
memories and touched the hearts of the
veterans.
SONGS PLEASE VETERANS.
The quartet might have sung all night
if the applause was an incentive, but a
lengthy programme prevented It.
Miss Lillian Quinn scored a hit with
stirring recitations. She struck a keynote
in the hearts of her listeners by the fer
vor of her declamation. Her voice rang
through the hall with great effect, and
when she concluded she was greeted with,
a generous burst of applause.
Mrs. J. E. Birmingham's splendid con
tralto voice was heard to good effect and
flhe was repeatedly encored.
J. W. Erwin presented a serfes of ster
eoptlcon views of San v Francisco" and
gave an interesting account of the vari
ous spots portrayed on the canvas. The
visitors were delighted with the scenes
and even old residents, long familiar with
them, saw new beauty in them.
Miss Helen Colburn Heath rendered a
soprano solo and her singing was greatly
appreciated by the large audience. The
Knickerbocker Quartet and Mrs. Birm
ingham were recalled and charmed the
auditors with their sweet singing.
After the entertainment another recep
tion was held and refreshments were
passed around by waiters.
The opening entertainment of Georga
H. Thomas Post No. 2 was a success. It
inaugurates a series of entertainments
which will be held every afternoon and
evening during the week, "-V ¦•
To-night will be "Olympic night." Wil
liam Greer Harrison, president of the
Olympic Athletic Club of this city, will
deliver an interesting address on the use
fulness and achievements of the club.
There will be instrumental music, stere
optlcon views and singing.
LINCOLN POST ENTERTAINS.
Lincoln Post No. 1 gave a welcome
night at the headquarters, Lincoln Hall.
Pioneer building, last evening, which was
attended by an enormous crowd. Hun
dreds were unable to gain admission.
The programme was most enjoyable,
consisting of patriotic music, magnificent
ly rendered by the orchestra- from the
Thirteenth United States Infantry band,
under the direction of Bandmaster Trut
ner. .¦'-v
The chairman of the evening, Thomas
D. Barnstead, post commander Lincoln
Post, In welcoming the company, said:
"Age causes the heart to grow more
fond of Its sputhful associates and espe
cially so in the case of those associates
with whom days and months and years
of danger, trial, privation, hardship and
adventure have been passed, who have
drunk from the' same canteen, bitten
from the same piece of hardtack and
sipped from the same old battered tin cup
their morning coffee. Associates who have
fought side by side under that glorious
flag, the Stars and Stripes, and beheld it
waving and held aloft In victory time and
time again— victorious through storm of
shot and shell and charge of sabered cav
alry. It makes the blood course more
quickly through our veins because of your
presence here to-night, al! of you full of
the great principles of fraternity, charity
and loyalty, three principles that bind us
firmly together.
"We extend to you a thousand wel
comes, aye, ten thousand times ten thou
sand welcomes to our hearts and to our
homes."
THE SAN FRA]SrCISCO;CALtr, TUESDAY, AT7GUST 18. 1903.
8 p. m.-^-Spanish American Veterans' convention and election of of
'•;'- fleers, at Armory 815 Ellis street.'.- • :
8 p. ni.— Receptions by. Departments of Illinois, Missouri and Ohio of
Woman's Relief Corps at" Palace HoteL
8 p. m. — Illumination of streets and triumphal arches
io a. m.— Grand parade. of United States soldiers and sailors, National
Guard of California and civic organizations.
a p. m.— Union Ex-Prisoners of War, convention and election of
/ Lyric Hall, 121 Eddy street,
a p. m. to s p. f m.-rWelcome by G. A. R. organizations and kindred
societies at various headquarters.
3 p. m.— Berdan's Sharpshooters*' reunion, -Albion Hall, Alcazar
building.
8 p.m^Reception to the commander in chief of the Grand Army of
.. the Republic by the Grand Army, Woman's Relief Corps and
< Ladies ; of the G. A. R., at • Mechanics' Pavilion. '
8 : p. Tin.-— Union Ex-Prisoners of War reunion at Lyric Hall, iai
Eddy street. .-.' ', ¦ . ' '
PROGRAMME FOR TO'DAY IS,
OWE OF GREAT INTEREST
•LONDON. Aug. 17. -At the Wolver
hampton meeting to-day Lucien Lyne. the
American Jockey, rode the first four win
ners. Not one of his mounts was a fa
vorite.
Lyne Rides Four Winners.
The following telegram - was received
yesterday from R. B. Armstrong, assis
tant secretary of the treasury, by Act
ing Customs Collector William B. Ham
ilton:
To enable Civil War veterans to attend en
campment, Q. A. R.. the President desires they
be excused one day. Tou will see that the
direction la carried out as to customs service.
Roosevelt Declares Holiday.
/acwilE National Association of
g^ Army Nurses ,of the Civil War
¦ m is encamped at The Renton,
• «*• 712 Sutter street. The meet-
Ings of the association, which'
will begin on Thursday, will be held in
Golden Gate Hall;
Mrs. Delia A. B. Fay, the national
councilor, is very enthusiastic about the
convention here. She said: "We are all
delighted with San Francisco and the fine
reception that has been accorded to us.
"The weather the whole way across the
continent has been fine. I think it was
made tp order. Personally, I am so de
lighted with the State- and the great at
tractions that I should like to live here.
My, husband and I were married just be
fore the war broke" out. He volunteered
and I went In as nurse at the same time.
-"He was shot In the: head at Cold Har
bor, which affected his eyesight, which
soon after the war resulted in 'his be
coming totally blind.
"I left him with hla sister In Ohio, but
I am very sorry now that I did not have
him come with me. He, would have en-
Joyed your glorious climate,' and while
he cannot see he could feel the warm
grasp of hospitality -that has been offered
to us so bountifully on all sides."
The following officers and members of
this I organization have enrolled them
selves at headquarters: f
2
SOME OF THE SCENES AT RECEPTIONS HELD YESTERDAY BY VET
ERANS OF THE GRAND ARMY OP THE REPUBLIC, THE WOMAN'S
RELIEF CORPS AND THE LADIES OF THE G. A. R.
Those Who Tenderly Nursed the Wound'
ed Recount JJgain Deeds of 'Mercy.
ECZEMA, NO CUBE, NO PAY.;
Your druggist will refund your money if PAZO
OINTMENT ! fails to ' cure Ringworm, .Tetter,
Old Ulcers and Sores, Pimples and Blackhead*
on the face, and all skin diseases. BO ceoU.- •
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Diamonds
May Soon
Drop in Price*
wS iST Savrvis^d f pMH!
C DAVIDSON, the world's greatest dia-
mond imitator, and have Inspected the
Bapph-Diamond. This gem has engaged
th* thought of our famous diamond im-
norters because of its excessive HARD-
KFSS phenomenal luater and brilliancy.
HavinW the same diamond cut, they pos-
"*, the prismatic fire so characteristic
of the itenulne. Constructed as nearly on
tho lines of nature as It was possible for
;" ienC e to venture, pressure and the most
intense heat obtainable are the important
factors of construction. • <
So foilbacks and never sold under elec-
tric lights and demonstrated side by
aide with genuine diamonds.
Beware of any one offering to represent
me— there is but one place on the Coast
where the Sapph-Dlamond can be pro-
cured. 124 Kearny street. San Francisco.
Reconstructed rubles, emeralds, pearls
and sapphires.
Importer of Australian and Mexican
fire opals.
Catalogues on application..Merced Man Is a Poor Shot.
STOCKTON, Aug. 17.— During a drunk
en row last evening Frank Terrill of Mer
ced took four shots with a revolver at
Mr. Jeffries, proprietor of a lodging
house. None of the bullets took effect.
Terrill Is In jail, charged with assault
with a deadly weapon.
SALT LAKE, Utah. Aug. 17.— Andrew
Adams, a head waiter, in a restaurant, to-day
attacked his wife wtth a razor at their board
ing-house, and .then, believing he had killed
her. cut his own throat and will die.
The veterans will march in the following or
der: Department of Illinois, department com
mander. Benson Woods; Wisconsin, depart
ment commander, J. P. Rundle; Pennsylva
nia, department commander. Edwin Walton ;
Ohio, department commander, A. C. Tengllng;
New York, department commander. John 8.
Kostcr; Connecticut, department • commander,
Morgan G Bulkeley; Massachusetts, depart
ment commander. Dwlght O. Judd; New Jer
sey, department commander. Stephen M. Long;
Maine, department ; commander, Joshua L.
Chamberlain; Rhode I«land. . department com
mander, James , J. Hudson: New Hampshire,
department commander, Edward E. Parker;
Vermont, department commander. Frank Ken
fleld: Potomac department commander, Ivery
G. KImball; Virginia and North Carolina, de
partment commander. M. H. Haas; Maryland,
department commander. .William Stahl; Ne
braska, department commander. Lee S. Es
telle:; Michigan.- department - commander.' D.
B. Van Raalte ; Iowa, department commander,
L. B. Raymond; Indiana, department com
mander George W. Grubbs; Colorado ! and
Wyoming, commander, ¦ H. ¦ S.
Vaughn: -Kansas, department' commander, a.
W. Smith; Delaware. . department commander,
William G. Baugh; Minnesota, ¦; department
commander. "Isaac A.^Mahan: Missouri, de
partment commander, Frank M. Sterrett ; Ore
gon , department commander.' D. H. -Turner;
K.n'uinby. department ;¦, commander, W. , g.
Executive committee of the Grand Army —
Thomas G. Sample. M. J. Cummlngs. Thomas
W. Scott, S. C. James, W. H. Armstrong and
A. A. Taylor, standard bearer, burler.
- (quartermaster General Charles Burrows, Ad
jutant General John W. 'Schall, Judge Advo
cate General A. B. Beers. Chaplain In Chief D.
li. Shuey, Surgeon General Junior Vice Com
mander in Chief James P. Averll, Assistant
Adjutant General J. H. Holcomb, Inspector
General F. A.Walsh.
Kxecmive committee of the Thirty-seventh
National Kncampment of the Grand Army of
the Republic, under the command of General
George Stone. '
Personal escort of the commander In chief. I
Commander In Chief Thomas J. Stewart. I
Officers of the staff of the commander In
chief.
Aids — James F. Kip, D. W. McNeil, F. XV.
Dohrmann Jr., T. V. Brown, J. P. Swift Phillip
K. Gordon, li. li. Tuttle. A. G. O'Brien, George
B. McCord. George W. Irelan, Edwin W. Wood
ward. F. K. Beck, T. F. Barry, Morris Slmin
off, Georce W. Strohl, Georze Wright, J. W.
Davis, Nat J. Brittan, R. Emerson Warfleld.
John Murphy, F. W. Hammond, Frank W.
Warren. A. A. McCoy, Dr. D. B. Plymlre, C
K.'King and S. A. Bryant.
Chief of Staff William J. Ruddick; William
E. Luti, adjutant; John H. Shine, chief aid;
William Edwards and J. F. Bureln, special
aids.
Chief Marshal Edward S. Salomon.
ing the committee In charge of
the event met with Chief Marshal Ed
ward S. Salomon and perfected various
details, including the general formation
of the line and the places of rendezvous,
after which the following order was is
sued by the marshal:
Headquarters of the Chief Marshal of the
Grand Army of the Republic Parade Grand
Hotel. August 17. 1903. — The different depart
ments of the Grand Army of the Republic will
assemble on Wednesday et their respective
headquarters, from where they .will be con
ducted by aids to the place of rendezvous and
their proper position in line.
The column will be formed and move in the
following order:
Platoon of mounted police.
Drum corps of the National Association of
Civil War Musicians.
for the big
ffJL parade of the Grand Army vet-
MjT erans on Wednesday are rapidly
*^ nearing completion. Last even-
Gray Haired Jlrmy
Will Parade To*
Morrow.
Sam insists that he did a lot of fighting,
but he concedes that the army on the
land did a little more. He is a regular
attendant at all the encampments and
came all the way from Georgia to be
present at this one.
"Wai. it was somethin' like dis -way:
You see, I was jest standln' 'roun* de dock
at Po't Royal, Souf Callna, way back In
sixty somethin', when along came de
drafter of de navj'. who said he wanted
me right away aboard de gunboat. So
off dey take me, and when I get aboard
dey. ask me my name, an' I said Sam.
Wai, dey asked me who was my master,
an* I tole 'em his name was Kell, so dey
named me Sam Kell. an* 1 caln't get rid
ob It. De Government give me a pension
becajise I was fool enough to get in de
way' of some . shrapnel, which came
mighty near takin* off one of dem legs."
Sam comes under 'the heading of naval
heroes. He hails from Brunswick, Ga.,
and came into town with yesterday's
great throng of veterans. Dressed in a
dark blue suit of clothes and regulation
G. A. R. slouch hat. with tassel and
insignia, Sam, whose skin is as black as
the old time powder, presents an inter
esting spectacle as he hobbles about on
his legs, which are noticeably bowed and
Infirm.
In one hand he carries a small grip
and in the other he steadies himself with
an old cane.. In his valise there is a plp
ture of Abraham Lincoln, U. S. Grant
and Mary Maxwell, the latter his wife,
a fat and good natured ap.Dearing\old
"aunty" of whom Sam is seemingly very
proud. Asked concerning his experiences,
the old darky said yesterday:
Sam Maxwell was his name "befo* de
wa\" but- the - Government recruiting
squad took him in tow at Port Royal and
after one of his underpinnings had been
badly torn by a piece of shrapnel he was
sent to a hospital and later put on the
pension roll under the name of Sam Kell.
by which he is now known by nearly
every veteran who has attended an en
campment during the last thirty-five
years.
Sam Kell Is a Hero of Port
Royal.
HE HAILS FROM GEORGIA.
The column will be formed on the corner of
Powell and Geary streets. The Grand Army
will be divided into different divisions, which
will form north and south on Geary street,
from Mason street to Grant avenue. A« soon
as the number of men In each department la
ascertained the division of the column will
be made, and the commanders of the different
departments notified of their position in line.
Further orders and particulars will appear
In Wednesday morning's papers.
ritory department commander. John A. Rose;
California and Nevada, department commander.
William R. Shatter.
Foree; "tt'est Virginia, department commander.
Alexander C. Moore; South Dakota, depart
ment commander. Thomas Reed; Washington
and Alaska, department commander, Thomas
H. Cavanaugh; Department of Arkansas, de
partment commander. John H. Avery: New
Mexico, department commander, J. XV. Ed
wards: Utah, department commander. Frank
H. Clark; Tennessee, department commander,
George W. Patten: Louisiana and Mississippi,
department commander. Charles W. Keetlng;
Florida, department . commander. J. F. Chase;
Montana, department commander. J. S. W"is
ner; Texas, department commander. John N.
Bolton; Idaho, department commander, E. S.
\Vhlttler: Arizona, department commander.
George W. Sanders; Georgia, department com
mander. S. D. Lee; Alabama, department com
mander. R. H. Allison: North Dakota, depart
ment-commander. H. J. Rowe; Oklahoma., de
partment commander. C. P. Green; Indian Ter-
Men of Spanish- American War Hold
a Reunion.
The veterans of the Spanish-American
war opened their session last night at
815 Ellis street. About seventy-five mem
bers were present. Department Com
mander Hugh T." Sime presided.
The early part of the meeting was of
a most informal character and was main
ly given oVer to a sort of reunion and
a general "shake hands" with old and
new acquaintances. Consequently ( it was
late when the official part of the pro
gramme came up for discussion. The f ol-
TRIUMPHAL ARCHES SPAN
NING MARKET STREET. AS \
THEY LOOKED LAST NIGHT.
lowing programme met with the Indorse
ment of all present:
Tuesday morning. Aucust IS — Grand parade.
Spanish-American War veterans and kindred
organizations as escort to Grand Army of ths
Republic. AH honorably discharged veterans
are requested to meet at S15 Ellis street and
Join in the parade.
Tuesday evening, August IS— Fourth national
convention of the Spanish- American War vet
erans.
Wednesday evening, August 19 — Grand re
union and campflre of all veterans of the Span
lnh-American War and Philippine insurrection
at 8 d. m., 815 Ellis street.
Members of committees have been ap
pointed as follows:
Executive committee — Colonel Charles Box
ton, chairman; Major Huch T. Sime. vice
chairman; Joseph Ward, secretary: W. R. Rob
ertson, T. W. Costello, T. F. O'Neil, J. Alex
ander. W, Q. Schrelber, F. Devlin, J. K. 'Whit
more, L. C. ¦ Beers, W. E. Wehser, T. P.
O'Brien. XV. E. Spofford. Fred Helter, XV. H.
Chadney. J. W. Kay, F. A. Spence, T. F.
liarry. K. K. Mullaly. George Filmer.
Para<le committee — Colonel Charles Boxton,
marshal; Major William R. Robertson, chair
man; Captain D. Geary, Lieutenant H. Huber,
Captain E. S. Heller, Lieutenant T. P. O'Brien,
Major Ed. S. Bean. F. Helter.
Printing committee — Lieutenant T. P.
O'Brien, chairman; F. A. Juggle. W. E. Spof
ford, Paul Langer. George Holllster.
Auditing' and finance committee — Colonel
Thomas F. O'Neil. chairman; William R. Rob
ertson. E. T. Mullaly, T. W. Costello. H. T.
Larkin, A. J. Nicholson.
Press committee — J. Alexander, chairman;
Fred Healey. Charles O'Donnell, Frank S.
Drady, Joseph McEvoy.
Entertainment, music and programme com
mittee — Captain Thomas XV. Costello, chairman-
William Wall. L. B. Simon. J. von Staden,
Philip Neumann, O. F. Huber, J. Bates.
Reception committee— Major Hugh T. Blme,
chairman.
' The election of delegates to the Nation
al convention was the principal - feature
of the evening's work.
A general sentiment prevailed that an
affiliation with the Grand Army of the
Republic would not only be In keeping
with the spirit of the day, but would bo
of mutual benefit to both organizations.
Pickpockets at Work.
Pickpockets have been at work among
the crowds on Market street. Charles
Stanbridge, from the Veterans' Home at
Yountville, reports that^ on Friday . his
purse, containing $35 -and a lady"s gold
watdh, were stolen from his pockets. C.
P. Hicks of Prescott, Ariz., reports that
on Thursday his gold watch and i chain
and' two bangles were stolen from him.
Yesterday Detectives Reynolds ; and Mul
cahy arrested Daniel Whe-pley and Oscar
Grossman on suspicion of being pickpock
ets and they .will be detained In prison till
the end of the encampment.
Phelps Squadron No. 12 through P. H.
Mass, invites all unattached naval veter
ans to meet them at 121 Eddy street
at 9 o'clock Wednesday morning to take
part in the parade.
Captain Jeff Moser, U. S. N.. command
ing U. S. T. 8. Pensacola, has granted
permission to the crew of his ship who
are eligible as naval veterans to parade
•with Phelps Squadron No. 12, U. S. V. N.
They will report at 121 Eddy street at
9 o'clock Wednesday morning.
VETERANS OF MANILA MEET.
August 21— Closing of headquarters. "Empty
the Scuttlebutt." Good by. shipmates. Even-
Ing — G. A. R. campflre at Mechanics' Pa
vilion. .-'--<
August 20— Excursion to Mare Island and
Vallejo. Tugs at the disposal of Naval Vet
erans. Apply at headquarters. Lunch and
gulden at Mare Island by courtesy of Admiral
McCalla. Refreshments and entertainment at
Vallejo. Home at 6 p. in. ' Evening — Grand
naval reunion and "dog watch" at Lyric Hall
B. B. building. 121 Eddy street
, August IS— General parade. Fall in and
make a good showing ; refreshments after pa
rade in banquet hall. B. B. building. Evening
— "Navy Night." Lincoln Post No 1 G. A
R.. Pioneer Hall. Pioneer court, "off' Fourth
street.
August in — G. A. R. parade. Headquarters
open all day.
Major John A. Whiteslde. chairman: P. H.
Mass, chaplain of Phelps Squadron No. 12,
V. 8. V. N.; Captain Charles Edelman. cap
tain of Phelps Squadron; Past Department
Commander Dill of San Diego; Honorable W
H. Savage, national aid de camp Hopkins
Squadron No. 11 of Santa Monica; Captain J.
.T. Tinnelli, captain commanding Farragut
Squadron at Vallejo No. 13: Shipmate John M
Floyd. Phelps Squadron. U. S. V. N. ; Past
Post Commander Kllgore; Shipmate Smitten
of Phelpa Squadron No. 12; Shipmate J. D
Fortier of Farragut Squadron No IS, Vallejo;
Dr. Hcppner. surgeon of the California Naval
Militia, and Captain Thomas Nerney, secre
tary.
The following programme for the week
has been arranged:
August 17 — Opening of headquarters- wel
come blue Jackets.
erans of the navy who served
in the Civil war or In the Spanish-Ameri
can war. They have arranged for the en
tertainment of five hundred /and they
hope that number will be in town to take
part In this grand reunion.
The sub-committee of the naval veter
ans Is composed of the following:
THE Naval Veterans have their
headquarters at 123 Eddy street
In the B'nal B'rith building.
The association Includes all vet-
Sea Fighters Meet
and Swap Old
Stories.
of the State of California: George Stone, chair
man executive committee Thirty-seventh Na
tional Encampment G. A. R. ; Major General
Arthur MacArthur. commanding Department of
California, and aid.
Second carriage — W. R. Shatter, commander
Department of California and Nevada. G. A.
R. ; General Thomas J. Stewart, commander In
chief, G. A. R.
Third carriage^ — Lieutenant General Nelson
A. Miles, V. 8. A., retired; Chief Justice Su
preme Court State of California Beatty.
Fourth carriage — Hon. Eugene E. Schmltz,
Mayor of the city and county of San Fran
cisco: General Edward S. Salomon, chairman
parade committee Thirty-seventh National En
campment, G. A. R. ; Alden Anderson. Lieu
tenant Governor of the State of California;
Major William E. Lutz. secretary executive
committee Thirty-seventh National Encamp
ment. G. A. R.
Fifth carriage — Thomas P. Woodward, presi
dent Board of Education; Michael Casey, presi
dent Board of Public Works; Marsden Man
ton and Herbert L. Schmitz.
Board of Supervisors and Mexican War Vet
erans In carrisses.
Third Division.
East side of Mason street, right resting on
Geary, column of fours, facing north.
Marshal. Colonel Charles Boxton
Aids, Richard Callopy, Herman Huber.
Drum Corps National Association Civil War
Musicians.
Spanish-American war veterans. Major H. T.
Eime commanding.
Fourth Division.
West side of Mason street, right resting on
Geary, column of fours, facing north
First Regiment. League of the Cross Ca
' t c 2 ionel James E. ' Power, commanding,
and staff. ,
Fifth Division.
East side of Mason street, right resting on
Geary, column of fours, facing Kouth.
Marshal. Colonel Varney W. Gaskill
Aids. Charles M. Bliss F. L Hanson.
Band.
«'olon<?l CK F. Long Garrison No. 101. Army
and Navy Union. J. A. Bowdcn adjutant com
manding.
Phrlpg Squadron. United States Veteran
Navy No. 12, Captain Charlf-s Edelman, com
manding.
Farragut Association. Naval Veterans Val
lejo. Captain J. J. Tinelli. commanding "
Fremont Signal Corps. Vallejo Captain F.
R. MacReynolds. commanding-
General Lawton Camp, Spanish-American
War Veterans. Vallrjo. Captain YV. II. Chad
hey. commanding.
Hopkins Squadron No. 11. Los Angeles.
Naval Post No. 4OO. Philadelphia. Com
mander W. Simmpns. commanding.
Sixth Division.
West side of Mason Ptreet. right resting on
Geary street, column of fours, facing south.
Marshal. Al Hallett.
Aids. B. F. Ledford and Frank Grube.
Band.
Improved Order of Red Men.
Seventh Division.
East side of Powell street, right resting on
Geary street, column of fours, facing north
Marshal. Colonel \V. II Jordan
Aids. J. W. Hoyt and Colonel W. H. Sned
aker.
Rand.
Independent Rifles. Captain Schnider com
manding.
California Volunteer Veteran Association,
Charles \V. Gordon, commanding.
Veterans of the National Guard Captain E
G. Eisen.
Cadet Company Third Congregational Church.
Captain R. B. Moore, commanding
Calvary Reserve Corp* of the Calvary Pres
byterian Church. Captain II. F. Hobson, com
manding
First Congregational Church Cadeta of Oak
land.
Eighth Division.
West side of Powell street, right resting on
Geary street, column of fours, facing north.
Marshal. Oscar Hocks.
Band.
Ran Francisco Turn Verein, two floats, etc. I
Mission Turn Vcreln.
Ninth Division.
East eide of Powell street, right resting on
Geary street, column of fours, facing south
Marshal Morris Slminoff. f
Aid*. Dr. J. W. Likens and R. l. Itadke.
Columbia Park Boys' Band and Drum Corp*.
Columbia Park Boy»* Club. Major Sidney S.
Peixotto. commanding.
Roosevelt Boys* Club. A; H. Hutchlnson,
commanding.
Austrian Military Company. Captain Rus
sell, commanding.
Austrian Benevolent Association. S. Saladln,
president.
Grand officers N. S. G. XV. : Lewis F. By
ington past grand president; H. R. McNoble.
grand president; C. E. McLaughlln. grand
first vice president; J. H. Gallagher, grand
pecond vice president; XV. D. Wagner, grand
third vice president; Henry Lunstedt, grand
secretary; Henry Martin, grand treasurer; W.
E. Foley, grand marshal, and grand trustees.
*y^ETAIL.S of the big military pa
§ grade that takes place this morn-
J^ B\n% In honor of the Grand Army
*"S"s«^ follow: Aids to the grand marshal
trill report to Chief Aid Colonel J.
F. Burgln— mounted— at 8 o'clock a. m.
sharp, at the California Hotel. All or
eanixatiens must be in their assigned po
sitions at 9:30 o'clock a. m. sharp. The
signal to advance trill be by bugle,
promptly at 10 o'clock a. m.
Invited guests will report to Major Wil
liam E. L»utz. secretary of the- executive
committee of the Thirty-seventh National
Encampment. G. A. R., at 9 o'clock a.
m_. at tha Palace HoteL
Civic organizations will form In pla
toons, eight files front, four paces dis
tance, and the guide will be "right"
throughout the «ntire march, except in
making turns to the left. Carriages will
form in columns, two abreast.
Aids win be specially detailed on the
et&ff of the grand marshal and posted
ak..-.g the line of march, whose duty It
will b« to se« that the column Is kept
closed and moving.
All bands •will fall out and play as their
commands pass the reviewing officer.
Aids on the staff of the grand marshal
¦will be designated by white sashes when
they have no uniform, and orders con
veyed by them will be promptly obeyed.
The regalia will be as follows: Grand
marshal. Grand Army uniform; chief of
stair, chief aid and special aids, fatigue
uniform N. G. C; division marshals, red
each, black suite, gold star; aids, white
cash, black suits, silver star.
Commanding officers and division mar
shals will report promptly to the chief of
staff as soon as they are in position. Or
ganizations failing to report in time will
be assigned to the left of line.
Boute of Paxade.
TC::i start from corner Geary and Stockton
streets, to Kearny etre-et. to Montgomery ave
nue, to Montgomery street, to Market etreet,
to Van Ness evenue, to Hares street, where
the parade will be reviewed by George Stone,
chairman of the executive committee of the
Thirty-seventh National Encampment. G. A.
R.. on the ea?t side of Van Ness avenue., rest
ing en JIay«c ftreet. and Trtll continue on to
Post etrt-et, where the parade will -be dis
missed.
Position of Subdivisions.
T"ir*t Division oa the south tide of Geary
street, right rtstir*g on Powell street, facing
c-aM.
Second Division on the east eide of Taylor
street, rlpht resting- en Geary street, facing
north.
Third Division on the east eide of Mason
ftr^t, right resting on Geary street, facing
north.
Fourth Division en the west side of Mason
s-trtet. right resting on Geary street, facing
north.
Fifth DH-inion on the east tide of Muon
street, right resting en Geary street, facing
ECUth.
Division on the west side of Mason
Mreet, right resting on Geary street, facing
«<*^tn.
Seventh Division on the etFt side of Powell
*trr-*-t. rig-ht resting en Geary street, facing
north.
Eisrhth Division on the west eide of Powell
s-trwt, right resting en Geary ejreet, facing
r.orth.
Ninth Division en the eact eide of Mwon
street, right resting on Geary street, facing
south.
(ieorge IN". Wlttnian. Chief of Police, and
plan*.
Company of police, south side of. Geary
*:reet, right TfrX'.ng on Stockton street. In col
uir.n of fours, facing east.
Grand marshal. Colonel J. I?. Fuller.
Chief of stafT, Colon-! William Edward*;
chief aid. Colon-1 J. F. Burgin.
Ppecife! ai<5s— Lieutenant Cclonel F G. Han
son. Major E. U Najnhely. Major P. J. Per
kim. Major H. E. Curzon, Major J. H. Hendy,
Major t>. S. Dora, Major D. H. Wlthern. Cap-
Lain T. S. Bash. Car-tain R. E. Warfleld.
Ai<*.s— R. B. Hale. Dr. W. F. Kibbler. A. B.
Wood. Georte K. Porter. F. P. Bull, Dr. R.
E. Hartley. J. \V. Hoyt. Captain R- B. Hurl
hut. Colonel Otto F. Schiller, Colonel Varney
W. Gaskill. Colonel J. B. Leuck. Captain A.
Woodslde, George E. Crotherf. F. D. Monck
ton. M. SimlnoS. Judge J. R. Aitkln. Robert
Ash Dr. E. R. Bryant. Major N. J. Brltton.
"Welter fi. Hale. Colonel J. S. Toung, J. M.
T/r>nr. James Cremlns, P. 3. Conley. George
Tlebernitht, James K Wilson. Horact Wilson,
Charies E. Quast and C. C. Hoyce. north side
of Gft&ry street, right resting on Stockton, fac
ing east.
First Division.
Tnited States troops, south eide of Geary
ftreet, right rc-sting on Powell, column of
fours, facing east.
Seventh Infantry P.^eiment. V . S. A.. lieu
tenant Colonel T. C Woodbury. commanding.
United States Artillery. Major C. W. Hobbs,
command ing.
Three battalions of field artillery. Major J.
V. White, commanding.
First Battalion of Coast Artillery. Major H.
H Ludeno. commanding.
Second Battalion or Coast Artillery. Captain
S. H. Hunter, commanding.
United Ftatos marines and Bailors, north side
of Geary street, ripht resting on Mason street,
rrlymn of fours, facing r&st. 3. P. Morton,
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. ccnimanding.
United States marines.
Vr.'.ted Plat's sailor*.
Second Division.
Fast fide of Taylor street, right resting en
Geary column of fours, facing north.
Major General John H. Dickinson and staff.
Brigadier General C. F. Muller and staff.
Fecnnd Brigade. N. G. C. Colonel Thomas
jr O'Neil. commanding-.
First Infantry Kegiment. N. G. C. Lieu
tenant Colonel J. F. Connolly, commanding.
Fifth Infantry Regiment, X. G. C. Colonel
J F Hayes, commanding.
First Battalion of Artillery. N. G. C, Major
II P Bush commanding.
Troop A. Cavalry. N"- G. C. dismounted.
Captain Charles Jansen .commanding.
Signal Corps. I*. G. C dismounted. Captain
E A. Selfridge commanding.
Naval Battalion from V. S. S. Marion, Com
mander Thomas A. Nerney commanrtlnir. Com
mander George W. Bauer commanding bat
tery east eide of Taylor street, right resting
on "Geary, column of fours, facing north.
Company A. Veteran Reserve. National
Guard of California. Captain C. K. King, com
manding, epecial escort to ex-Union prisoners
Ot war. ¦l' *', ¦ *'- -_ : '•
First caxriajrp — Oorge C. Pardee, Governor
Troops to March
in Splendid
Array.
Military Parade
Takes Place
To*Day.
MYRIADS OF ELECTRIC LIGHTS GLEAM OVER THRONGS
Illumination Is a
Brilliant Fea*
ture.
Night Is Turned
Into Day by
Lights.
f^ELDOM have the thoroughfares of
S San Francisco been more resplen
• ¦ dent than last night. ¦ V'
•*s»' From the- Ferry to far out on the
- main thoroughfare incandescent
light made a canopy of flre that turned
night into day. Such a scene at brilliance
has rarely been witnessed in San Fran
cisco. The Illuminations in honor of the
return of the First California Regiment
and the coming of the two Presidents
were surpassed by the decorations In hon
or of the twenty-five thousand visitors
who now crowd the city.
The visitors that have attended en
campments in other large cities were as
tonished by the magnitude of the decora
tions. They marveled at the skill of the
decorators and the execution of their de
signs, and their superlatives failed them,
when expressing their surprise and pleas
ure at ths remarkable scene.
But they were not the only ones to ap
preciate . the illumination. Fully fifty
thousand people traversed Market street
between the hours of 8 o'clock and mid
night to view the decorations. Cable cars
moved through the dense masses at a
snail's pace. Wagons and carriages
sought other thoroughfares to reach their
destination. The crowd only separated
at the clang of the on-coming fire en
gines and as soon as they had passed,
once more closed in. The sidewalks were
so crowded that the street was used by
the pedestrians.
FERBY DEPOT OUTLINED.
The Ferry building loomed up at the
foot of Market street a tower of beauty.
The graceful outlines of the tall Union
Depot were shown by hundreds of elec
tric lights. All along Market street
strings of burning lights were festooned
across the street ten feet apart. On each
side of the street pendants of fire hung
and added to the effect.
As the visitor moved up Market street
In the cars his eyes were dazzled by the
splendor of the scene. The buildings were
outlined in all their strength. Eves tha
wholesale district bore an animated ap
pearance.
The building occupied by the Southern
Pacific Company at Montgomery and
Post streets presented a pleasing con
trast to the somber structures in -the
vicinity. Thousands of electric lamps
were used in decorating the building. The
terra cotta formed a pleasing background
to the lights. Eagles and army corps
badges were outlined in red. white and
blue lights and long ropes studded with
many-colored lamps were artistically sus
pended from the copings.
The Grand Hotel was imposing in its
dressing of flags and lights. The Palace
Hotel also loomed resplendent with thou
sands of electric globes.
ABCHES ARE MAGNIFICENT.
The arches at Third and Market streets
are wonderful to behold. Although all the
lights were not burning last night, those
who saw the handiwork of the decorators
gave praise. From the distance the ef
fect Is beautiful to behold. Frosted globes
outline the graceful architecture and ferns
and potted plants are distributed with ar
tistic effect. Above the arch is a shield
of American flags and beneath the em
blems is an epaulet with the letters "O.
A. R." emblazoned In light. Between the
two .arches are suspended strings of col
oredt electric lamps and in the center Is
an immense Grand Army badge outlined
in varied lights. By to-night the decora
tions on the arches will be complete and
then the beholder will be charmed.
The buildings occupied by the three
morning papers on' each side of the arches
are tastefully decorated with lights and
flags. Pictures of war heroes adorn the
buildings. Flags and bunting are used
In abundance In decoration.
The tall flag poles which have been
placed at a distance of twenty feet along
Market street add to the beauty of the
scene. From each pole floats a large
American flag and a few feet below the
emblem is a stand of colors. The electric
wires are attached to these poles and the
flags loom up in the brilliant light.
These poles are the property of the city,
and when the Grand Army hosts have de
parted they will be placed in the corpora
tion yard until needed again.
The White House at the corner of Post
and Kearny streets also presents a mag
nificent appearance. The building Is re
splendent with lights, and In each win
dow the American and French flags fly
in the breeze.
CITY HALL DOME.
The Emporium, Breuner*s and Hale
Brothers have decorated their buildings
in an artistic manner. Far out on Market
street the Central Theater dome is out
lined with lights. The City Hall dome
looks very attractive beneath Its cover-
Ing of incandescent lights. From a dis
tance the dome is boldly outlined and can
be seen for many miles. The rotunda has
been thrown open to visitors and will re
main open each night until 12 o'clock.
Employes of the Board of Public Works
will be on hand to insure the comfort of
the visitors.
The illumination will continue the en
tire week. In the opinion of many resi
dents, it is the finest electrical display
ever seen in this city. The visitor will al
ways recall the brilliant scene. Many
photographs were taken last night as me
mentos of the encampment.
SIGNAL MEN" ENTERTAIN.
Establish Headquarters at the Ellis-
Street Armory.
Lieutenant George C. Round, who Is cne
of the veterans of the G. A. R. and who
belonged to the Signal Corps during the
Civil War, Is stopping with his wife at
805 Ellis street, where all Signal Corps
members may be sure of a pleasant greet
ing: during the entire week. With the
view of renewing old associations, head
quarters have been opened at the armory
of Artillery Battalion. X. G. C. 815 ElRa
street, where an open house will be the
programme during this entire day, com
mencing at 10 o'clock. A banquet will
conclude to-day's festivities.
Lieutenant Round hails from Manassas,
Va., and is president of the Veteran Sig
nal Corps Association. The other officers
of the association are:
View president. Captain Seymour Pierce.
Honeoye Falls. f». T.: Edwin T. Col well, Bos
ton Mass.: Major Ernst A. Denlrke. San
Francisco. Cal. : secretary and treasurer.
Charles D'W Marcy. 155 Franklin street. Bos
ton Mass.: assistant secretary and treasurer.
James IL Kelly. 1C1 Eagle street, Albany. N\
T • historian, J. Wlllard Brown. Emerson
School, East Boston: chaplain. Sergeant Cy
rus S. Bolton. Cameron. Mo.
Runaway Accident Proves Fatal.
DENVER. Colo.. Aug. 17.— As a result
of a runaway accident, Mrs. Edwin H.
Roberts, a well known young society wo
man, -died this morning: In St. Joseph's
Hospital, of a fracture of the skull. She
was formerly Miss Blanche Phillips of
Kalamazoo. Mich. Roberts Is the son of
the late Caesar A. Robert3. He had a
shoulder broken In the accident which
resulted in the death of hla wiX*.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 18, 1903.
3
JJEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
NICE HAIR TOR ALL.
Once Destroy the Dandruff Germ, and
Hair Grows Luxuriantly.
Any one can have nice hair if he or she
has not dandruff, which causes brittle,
dry hair, falling hair and baldness. To
cure dandruff it is necessary to kill the
*:err« that causes It, and that Is just what
Newbro's Htrplcide does. Cornelius Grew,
Colfax, Wash., says:
"One bottle of Newbro's Herpicide com-
pletely cured me of dandruff, which was
very thick; and it has stopped my hair
from falling out." It makes hair soft
and glossy as silk: delightful odor, and
rc-freshing hair dressing. It permits the
hair to grow abundantly and kills the
dandruff germ. Sold by leading drug-
Fistf;. Bend 10c In stamps for sample to
The Herpicide Co., Detroit, Mich.
You know tea and coffee.
Compare Schilling's Best and
the prices. '
Your grocer's ; moneyback.{ -y^— *^ '.ONSTANTINOPLE, Aug. 17.^
g _i' An .imperial trade has been"
¦ . issued calling out fifty-two
\ ¦ additional battalions, or
. x^^,^ about 52,000 men, from the
European forces of T^urkey in
consequence of the "spread of insurrection
In Macedonia. These j troops include
twenty, battalions of reserves of the first
class from the Adrianople and Salonica
Bulgaria Also,Sum
mons Two More
DivisionstoGolors
New Levy of Troops
Will Add to Large
Army in Balkans
BRITISH EMBASSADOR TO
TURKEY AND MILITARY
SCENE IN CAPITAL.
THE HAGUE, Aug. 17.— Th« Dutch Minister
at St Petersburg has been authorized to Join
the other representatives - of the powers there-
In the Invitation to the Crar to nominau
three - arbitrators Of the claims against Vene-
KUjcUu - . . ¦
Not the slightest move has yet beep
made by the delegates to prepare for tho
convention, which formally opens In the
In the minds of the old soldiers that en
campment was one of the grandest they
ever witnessed and apparently they need
only a small tempting bait to vote Boston
another engagement. Denver, with as
surance of liberal financial aid from the
Colorado Legislature, Is prepared to give
the veterans a rousing reception and en
tertainment, but the latter argue that
inasmuch as the West is having the pres
ent encampment It would be unfair to
Sflve her a second one the following year.
Atlantic City has not yet advanced her
claims for recognition further than to
formally announce that she is in the fight
to stay. '-.I-
BUSINESS OF CONVENTION.
¦ "With thrse plans in view and fully
recognizing the deserving qualities of
General Black. It is natural that the del
egates from Massachusetts should take
no particularly active part in advocating
the candidacy of Miles at this time. Gen
eral Black, thrice wounded in the wars
through which he fought most bravely,
is the only man for the position of com
mander In chief of the Grand Army, and
If the help of the Massachusetts relega
tion is all he needs to get it he can rest
under the certainty of success." - . .
Next to the question of General Stew
art's successor the delegates regard as
mc5t Important the selection of the next
place of encampment. But three cities-
Denver, Atlantic City and Boston— are
after the encampment, but of these only
one Beemingly has been able to make
any noticeable impression upon the dele
gates. Boston already has made quite a
headway, having the advantage of being
more centrally located in the country and,
above all, having earned * a reputation
among the veterans for unbounding hos
pitality. The last time she bid for an
encampment her citizens gave as a starter
$50,000 toward the expenses of the event,
and then the Massachusetts Legislature
voted tlOO.OOO more to the fund. Later the
citizens of Boston added another JMOOO.
EOSTON IN THE LEAD.
"The Massachusetts delegates have
come to this encampment with the
avowed Intention of securing the next en
campment for Boston and we have pood
reasons for believing that we will be suc
cessful in our undertaking. If such proves
the case. Boston will surpass all previous
efforts in making the encampment the
greatest ever held within the history of
the Grand Army, for it will probably be
the last time the soldiers will gather there
us an organization. The world knows
how Massachusetts reverences the old
soldiers, for she mourns for many who
<2ied upon the battlefields. At this prom
ised encampment Massachusetts hopes
to pee General Miles elevated to the head
of the Grand Army, and In that event it
wiJI accord him an ovation In Boston that
will not be witnessed again by the old
soldiers who will participate.
• In the delegation from Massachusetts
there Is a very strong feeling for General
Miles. It was in the Twenty-second Mas
sachusetts Infantry in 1861 that General
Miles, then a mere boy of 22 years of age,
entered upon what later proved a brll-
Iiar.t military career and naturally the
people of that State are proud of the
man they claim as one of their heroes.
But when several of them were asked
y«*terday regarding the probable stand
of the delegates from there on the ques
tion of commander In chief of the Grand
Army, they agreed that it was a bit
too early to launch General Miles' can
didacy for the position. A promlent del
egate said:
the pallantry of the late commander of
the regular army, conceded that the po
sition of honor in the Grand Army right
fully belongs to the Illinois military hero
and expressed the hope that he would
receive it with the unanimous vote of his
old comrades now assembled in this city.
MASSACHUSETTS' PLANS.
Continued From Page 1, Column 5
z-i-i";--:"i"i-i-i 1 1 -I- 1 ¦:"i-:--i"i-i"i-^
Grand Opera-house on Thursday morn
ing, so busy have they been at their own
headquarters, settling themselves for jlhe
week and renewing old acquaintances
among the throngs»of veterans from all
sections of the country. It was stated at
General Stewart's headquarters yesterday
that it is too early to determine Just what
Important matters would come before the
delegates.
General J. Corey Winans stated that no
comm|ttee reports had been received ex
cept from the national advisory counsel
and that report included nothing of "Im
portance to the public or the veterans.
Few recommendations for changes in the
by-laws are expected and it is not be
lieved that the pension committee will
recommend many radical changes in the
pension laws. ' l<\'~
The Connecticut delegation has rooms
on the first floor of the Palace Hotel. The
delegation Is led by ex-Governor Morgan
S. Bulkeley. They are seventy-five in
number. The prominent members of the
party who accompanied Commander
Bulkeley to the encampment a?e: Senior
Vice Commander Virgil F. McNeil, Jun
ior Vice Commander Charles W. Gros
venor. Assistant Adjutant General Henry
E. Taintor, Assistant Quartermaster Gen
eral William Whitelaw, Medical Director
Dr. Jewett.
Lincoln Post No. 1, George H. Thomas
Post No. 2, Atlanta Post No. 93 and the
various other big posts of this city have
opened headquarters in Pioneer, Steln
way and California halls. The halls have
been handsomely decorated and the com
mittee in charge is doing its utmost to
make the visitor comfortable. The local
posts are expending large sums of money
in entertainment. During the week there
will be numerous receptions, to which the
most distinguished members of the army
have been invited.
General Black; who is looked upon as
the probable successor to General Stew
art as commander in chief of the Grand
Army of the Republic, has no headquar
ters. He stood in the corridor of the
Palace Hotel yesterday and held a levee.
Hundreds of veterans trooped by him and
the distinguished soldier had a kindly
word and smile for each of them. His
knowledge of army affairs is most re
markable. He was able to greet each
comrade and, after noting the regiment
in which he belonged, tell him with un
erring accuracy, what battles he was in
and where his regiment was stationed
during the war. - He knew the corps, the
general commanding the regiment and
even officers who distinguished them
selves in battle. He had a hearty greet
ing for all and his popularity was e\
denced by the manner in which the old
soldiers pressed forward to/express their
feeling for him. If the reception General
Black received yesterday is a criterion, he
will be elected to the command of the
Grand Army of the Republic without a
doubt. So far no opposition has mani
fested Itself against his candidacy.
LOCAL POSTS , ZNTEBTAIN.
GENERAL BLACK'S LEVEE.
The postofflce and medical department
is located at 19 New Montgomery street.
A large force of clerks are kept busy
sorting mail for the thousands of visitors.
The postofflce department has made great
efforts to handle the heavy mail and so
far has given great satisfaction. The
medical corps, under the direction of Dr.
Wlnslow Anderson, Is doing good work.
So far no accidents have been noted. The
veterans receive free treatment and the
store Is used for emergency cases.
Every State has opened headquarters.
Every hotel has one or two of them and
the corridors are crowded with the men
who wear the blue. The United States
Maimed Soldiers are holding forth at the
Temple on Turk street. There is gath
ered In the hall men who have lost arms
and legs in their country's defense. These
men are pathetic reminders of the terrors
of war. They hobble around on crutches
or supported by . heavy canes. Withal;
they are glad to be able to attend the en
campment and are taking a great deal of
pleasure in visiting their more fortunate
comrades.
and the register numbers many hundred.
These men have thrilling stories to tell.
Tho history of AndersonvIIle Prison as
told by Gops, the famous writer, pales
alongside the stories of suffering told by
eome of the survivors of that terrible
place. If space would only permit the
narration of their experiences, columns
upon columns could be utilized and then
the story would only be half told.
Continued From Page 2, Column 1
HEADQUARTERS ARE THROWN OPEN,
The murderers have terrorized the
Chinese in I^as Amarillas, La Colorado
and other surrounding mining camps and
several have already fled while others
are preparing to leave. The authorities
claim that they have been unable to find
any trace of the perpetrators of the ter
rible deed. Robbery was the motive for
the crime, but a bitter feeling has arisen
in Mexico against Chinese and particu
larly in Sonora, which is overrun with
Mongolians, arriving at Guaymas with
the Intention of crossing to the United
States. This ill feeling has led to the
Chinese exclusion regulations recently
promulgated in Mexico. The Chinese rec
ognize that they are not safe in some
of the smaller camps and are fleeing to
the larger places for protection.
#*-M"H"M"i-M Minim 1 1 ¦:¦¦!¦»
One of the murdered men, known as
El Chapo, the Spanish for "shorty," had
his head split open with the ax. AH
were dead when found by the authorities.
HERMOSILLO, Mex., Aug. 17.— A dis
patch to the Hermoslllo Sentinel from
La Colorado gives news of a - terrible
murder of Chinese merchants at Las
Amarillas, a mining town near La Col
orado. The combined store and residence
of four Chinese merchants was entered
Borne time aiter midnight on Saturday.
The four Chinese were almost cut to
pieces with an ax or stabbed with
knives, and 111,000 In gold which the
Chinamen had saved from their profits
was stolen. The weapons used by the
murderers were left behind covered with
the blood of their victims.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
LAWLOR WILL NAME HEW LEADER
Another of the convicts jokingly stated
t^a: they would take dinner at the Tallac
House and this is what probably cau?ed
the rumor to spread that they actually
did so. Upon leavinjr Glen Alpine they
took with them for a short distance a
resident to show them the trail to Deso
lation Valley. He was released upon 1m
larting the Information.
A rumor was current here durins: the
day that the convicts had visited Tallac.
but word over the telephone disproves
this rumor. The story was started by
a Chinese peddler who arrived here Sun
day evening. He stated that a band of
nine men had held up TaJlac.
N'o one Is in pursuit from this section
fcjid as far as known the escayed con
victs have the mountains to tht-mselyes.
Nevada has made no move toward or
ganizing a posse to aid In their capture,
though extra precaution is being main
tsfned by the local police force to trace
ev<?ry rumor to its foundation. Should
fugitives attempt to cross this sec
tion a posse will be formed to head them
off, but as long as the men remain within
the California line they will not be both
ered by the police officers of Western
Nevada.
The escapes visited the resort during
the noon meal and stated that they In
tended no harm to those present, butAhat
they -»anted something: to eat. Their
rifles were placed on the table and the
meal was furnished without. parley. The
spokesman stated that they had been
without food for a day and that hunger
alone was the cause of the .visit. No at
tempt was made to molest any one or
take ;-.:.> li.ir.K.
.Before leaving they took sufficient
cooked food to last several, meal 8 They
talked quite freely about their night for
liberty. One of them stated that at one
time. during- their Journey Xhoy were very
rear capture and it seemed almost a
miracle that they were not overhauled.
CARSON, Nev., Aug. 17.— Parties com
ing from Bliou, Lake Tahoe, bring news
of one band of the escaped convicts from
Folsom. Senator Gallagher' who left the
lake Sunday, states that on Saturday
four of the convicts called at Glen Alpine,
a resort back of Mount Tallac and about
ten mile* from TaJlac resort. The men
demanded dinner, which vu furnished
them.
Terrible Crime Is Committed
in a Mining Town Near
La Colorado.
Secure a Suppiy of Food
and Take Trail Toward
Desolation Valley.
Ransack Home of Vic
tims and Secure
$11,000.
Make a Quiet Descent
on a Resort Back of
Mount Tallac.
CONVICTS DINE
AT GLEN ALPINE
THUGS MURDER
FOUR CHINESE
SULTAN CALLS OUT FIFTY-TWO RESERVE BATTALIONS;
RUSSIAN SHIPS OF WAR START FOR TURKISH WATERS
Austria's Faith in Russia.
VIENNA. Aug. 17.— In connection with
. PETALUMA. Aug. 17. — According: to the
assessment figures by City Assessor M. D. Hop.
kins. Petaluma has had a year . of advance
ment. The total assessment : this year is $2,
397,572. and that of last year $2,310,745. a
gain of $77,827. -This year's assessment Is di
vided as follows: Real estate. $1,069,522; im
provements, $868,010; personal property, $398,
312; money. $37,500; franchises, $35,700.
Before returning home you wlll.be Interested
in seeing Suuaallto, Mill Valley or San Rafael,
the beautiful suburban 'home district; 14 trains
dally via North Shore R. R. (Sausallto ferry).
Fare." round trip. 2* to 50c. Mount Tamalpals
(scenic railway trip), $1 00. Ticket office. 626
Market street. S. F. (Phone Private Exc. 166.)*
Holders of O. A R. Tickets.
NOTICE
, William H. Bailey, a member of the
Grand Army from Chicago, secured a
search warrant' from Police Judge Caban
iss yesterday, to regain possession of his
personals effects from Mrs. Lizzie Phil
lips, 921 Howard street. The case came
up in the afternoon before the Judge and
Bailey explained that he, his wife, his
daughter and son had been assigned u>
921 Howard street and it was agreed that
they should be charged $2 50 per day.
They decided It was too much and when
they .wanted to leave yesterday morning
the landlady demanded a full week's
board and lodging, although they offered
to pay her for the two' days they had
been 'there. The Judge gave them back
their "personal- effects and the landlady
had to be satisfied with fo. - /
Landlady Is Defeated.
BUCHAREST, Roumania, Aug. 17.—Act
ing War Minister Bratlano has ordered
the Government powder factory and small
arms ammunition depot to. prepare large
quantities of ammunition Immediately.
War Munitions for Roumania.
VIENNA, Aug. 17.— Two men have been
arrested at Moena. Austrian Tyrol, on
suspicion of being spies. They were found
to be in' possession of sketches of fort
resses on the Austrian frontier. One of
the prisoners Is a professor at Venice and
the other is an official of the postofflce at
Florence. Both are held for trial..
Alleged Spies Are Taken.
BELGRADE, Servia, Aug. 17.— A'- mass
meeting will be held here on August ,23
to I express sympathy . with the Macedo
nian insurgents.
Servian Sympathy for Macedonia.
ROME, Aug. 17.— The memorandum of
the Bulgarian Government to the powers
regarding the situation in Macedonia has
produced a great effect here. The general
Impression is that the Bulgarian Govern
ment Is no longer able to hold back popu
lar feeling, which, unless It is repressed
In time, will lead to a war with Turkey.
The fate of Bulgaria In that event. It is
believed, probably would be the same as
that of Greece In the last war with Tur
key. The Italian Government Is ex
changing views on the subject with Vi
enna and London.
Believes Bulgarian Populace Cannot
Be Suppressed.
ROME LOOKS FOR WAR.
The only Catholic priest who has ar
rived so far to attend the National En
campmenc is the Rev. Father Edward
Donnelly of Marshfleld, Or. When a lad
he enlisted In the navy at the breaking
out of the war and served on the U. S.
S. Augusta.
This steamer was used as a dispatch
boat. Tho sea life proved so attractive
to Father _ Donnelly that he rematned in
the navy eighteen months after the close
of the war. Upon his discharge ho at
once prepared himself for the priesthood.
His parish In Oregon is one of the
largest in the diocese, and he has to visit
four churches. He is a most agreeable
man to meet and though his hair Is white
he still has a youthful appearance.
He is registered at the Lick.
Rev. Father Donnelly of Oregon
Comes to Attend Encampment.
PRIEST WHO SERVED.IN NAVY.
The tickets agents of the Southern Pa
cific announce that 2500 special rate ticket
holders for the convention have had their
tickets Indorsed and are en route to the
East again. - Most of these ticket holders
arrived the early part of last week.
Two ' thousand Grand Army visitors
were registered yesterday at the rooms of
the State Board of Trade in the Ferry
building, where a great permanent free
exhibition of the products of California
Is maintained.- The majority of these vis
itors.were from the States and Territories
where agriculture Is a leading Industry
and th« display afforded them met with
Intelligent appreciation.
The California Promotion Committee
also had many visitors, who were sup
plied with such information aa they
sought and much California literature
was distributed. ? ...
All the special trains have taken sidings
In the Oakland yards and will be thor
oughly cleaned before they convey the
passengers East again.
At the master of transportations office
of the Southern Pacific yesterday after
noon, it was given out that there are
only four more special trains to arrive.
The Rhode Island special will arrive early
this morning. This will be followed by
two special Ohio trains and they should
pull into the Oakland mole about 6 o'clock
this morning. Then will come a Cleve
land, Ohio, special and a Nebraska train,
both due about 8 a. m.
The Southern Pacific traffic officials feel
very proud of the way they handled the
Increased traffic Incident to the Grand
Army Encampment. With few exceptions
all trains handled over the Southern Pa
cific systems have been brought Into San
Francisco on time.
In all there have been 33 special trains
carrying 15.000 people. Then, besides thla
number of special trains, the regular
overland trains have been taxed to their
limit, bringing up the number to 20,000 vis
itors. ". : .
tered for Encampment
Thirty-Three Special Trains Char-
HEAVY RAILROAD TRAFFIC.
Most of the diplomatic representatives
at Sofia visited the Foreign Office here
to-day and received assurances from the
Foreign Minister that Bulgaria had not
the slightest desire . to antagonize Tur
key or any other power, but 'merely
wished to show unmistakably where the
responsibility for the Macedonian revo
lution belonged.
SOFIA, Aug. 17.— The foreign diplomats
here are anxiously watching the effect of
the memorandum which the Bulgarian
Government has presented to the pow
era on the subject of the condition of
affairs in Macedonia. They fear it may
excite popular opinion in Bulgaria, and
point out that such emphatic, outspoken
criticism is usually reserved for manifes
tos issued on the eve of war, although
it is regarded as being quite improbable...
that the memorandum was a prelude in
the present case to anything more serious
than increased tension.
Fear the Effect of Issuance of Bul
garian Memorandum.
DIPLOMATS ARE ANXIOUS.
* : *
Russia's action In sending a squadron to
Turkish waters Austria has every reason
to continue to believe that Russia does
not intend to violate the spirit of the
Russo-Austrian Balkan agreement.
All Holtman has to say relative to his
resignation Is that h^ always "played
fair** and gave everybody an even break.
To Quote the popular starter in his own
words. Holtman said to-day: "All colors
look alike to me."
From thla expression many are inclined
to believe that Holtman was asked to
favor certain horses, which he honorably
refused to do. Interesting developments
are expected In the case to-morrow.
CHICAGO, Aug. 17.— A sensation was
caused at the Hawthorne racetrack to
day when Starter Jacob. Holtman ten
dered his resignation to the Chicago
Jockey Club. A wordy war with Ed Cor
rigan, who, although ho will not admit
it, undoubtedly holds an extensive inter
est in the track, was responsible for Holt
man aulttinc his position/
STARTER HOLTMAN
QUITS AT HAWTHORNE
Flag: Wielder Tenders His Resigna
tion After a Wordy War
With Corrigan.
SOFIA, Bulgaria, Aug. 17.— A dispatch
received here from Uskub says that 600
Bashi • Bazouks, under the command of
Albanian chiefs who are notoriously
cruel, have pillaged and destroyed a num
ber of Christian villages In the district
of Debre and Okrida. The Turkish au
thorities, it is added, connived at the out
rages and supplied the Bashi Bazouks
with old uniforms in order that they
might appear to be regular soldiers.
Pillage and Destroy Number of
Christian Villages.
BASHI BAZOUKS ACTIVE.
I have confirmatory advices as to the general
character of the revolution. Turkey has a free
hand, so far as the militarv operations within
her own territory are concerned, but th« sup
pression of the revolt In not a matter of a
week and the longer it drags the greater fear
of International complications, which the pow^
era are zealously laboring to prevent.
\ . »
The powers are acting' harmoniously. Noth
ing hag devcIoDed to indicate any mipplclon or
cause for suspicion of the motives underlying
the demands made by Russia on the Porte. . A
full exchange of vlewa has. occurred between
the powers Interested. Balfour's statement In
th« House of Commons, outlining Great .Brit
ain's attitude, and the warnings of Austria
and Russia Drove that these three nations are
In accord, and the advices received at my Em
bassy show that France and Germany approve
the policy of Russia and Austria. War be
tween Turkey and Bulgaria might lead to a
general conflagration. It Is to prevent compli
cations of such a Rrave character that every
effort Is being made by the powers to main
tain peace between those countries.
Within forty-elKht hours the Kussian squad
ron will reach whatever point has been select
ed. There Is no doubt that the sole object of
this movement is to make Turkey understand
that Russia's demands must be compiled with
without delay.
LONDON, Aug. n.-^-According to in
formation in possession of diplomats in
London, there is no reason at this mo
ment to fear the renewal of differences
of the powers in respect to Macedonia
and that the trouble will spread beyond
the confines of Turkey. One of these,
who is participating in the exchange of
notes regarding the situation, said to
day:
In Full Accord With Movements of
Russia and Austria.
GREAT BRITAIN'S ATTITUDE.
BERLIN, Aug. 17.— According to
a dispatch . received by the
Frankfurt Zeitung, the river
near Monastir,* Macedonia, is
full of the mutilated bodies of
women and children who have
been massacred by Bashi Bazouks.
SEBASTOPOL. Aug. 17.— The squadron
of the Russian Black Sea fleet, which has
been ordered to the Turkish coast, sailed
to-day. It it* under the command of
Rear Admiral Krueger.
ST. PETERSBURG. Aug. 17.— The
squadron of the Russian Black Sea fleet
under orders to sail for Turkish waters
consists of the battleships Catherine II,
Tria Sviatigla, Rostislav and Dvenadzat
Apostoloff, four torpedo boat destroyers
and six mine and torpedo transports.
The squadron arrived at Sebastopol yes
terday, preparatory to sailing last night
for the Turkish- coast.-
Bodies of Murdered
Women and B^bes
Cast Into a River
The case of Policeman Teutenberg,
charged with having made an unlawful
arrest, was postponed until August 25. .
Charges - brought against Policeman
Hooper of ther Society for the Prevention
.BX. Cruelty to Animals were dismissed.
Officer M. F. Oray was before the Com
missioners on a charge preferred by
Thomas Garrett, publisher of an evening
paper, on a charge of having permitted
boys to disturb his peace. of mind on the
streets. It was said that the- patrolman
stood by while a crowd of newsboys
shouted at the editor. The Commissioners
found the accused not guilty. One week
ago Garrett secured a permit to carry a
revolver, stating that newsboys were in
the habit of following him and calling him
''fat-head" and "saying he was "on the
bum."
Policeman Frank W. Hyland, who was
accused by Mrs? Nellie Wadhams of hav
ing stolen $112 85 from her on the afternoon
of Juiv*1ib, was dismissed from the police
force last j night Commissioner . Howell
voted In Inland's favor, but Commission
ers Hutton and Drinkhouse expressed an
adverse sentiment and fixed the penalty
at dismissal. Mrs. Wadhams was arrest
ed on two occasions for drunkenness. On
the first she alleges that Hyland escorted
her to the property clerk's office, where
she drew a large sum of money, and aft
erward, at a French restaurant, he took
the amount specified in the complaint
from her purse. . ,
SOFIA, Bulgaria, Aug. 17.— Orders
have been issued for the mobilization to
morrow of two divisions of reserves. It
was rumored that these would be em
ployed in strengthening the forces on the
frontier, to prevent the passage of Bul
garian bands into Macedonia. The offi
cials, however, state that this rumor is
unfounded, and that the reserves were
called out to undergo their customary
training of fifteen days.
HYLAND IS DISMISSED
FROM THE DEPARTMENT
A dispatch from Salonica says two per
sons were killed, a number were Injured
and several cars we?e destroyed by an ex
plosion which occurred yesterday on the
railroad between Amatora and Karasonll.
The managers of the railroad have noti
fied "the Porte that they disclaim respon
sibility for the damage done to the lines
or for the injuries sustained by officials
while the 1 present conditions continue to
prevail In Macedonia.
army corps. The balance are reserves
of the second clas3.
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 17.— The Sixth
Regiment left shortly before noon to-day
for San Francisco, where the veterans of
the Spanish War who are members will
participate in the parade of the Grand
Army. Tho Second Regiment had the
usual drills to-day.
Colonel Johnson of the Sixth was given
cheer after cheer by his men as they left
camp on their way to th» der>«>t. -Brrtorm
leaving here a provost guard made tho
rounds of the town and gathered In sev
eral stragglers. While In San Francisco
Its men are, to have their headquarters at
the Ellis-street armory.
Soldiers to the number of 600 still re
main here. The guardsmen of the Second
Regiment and of Troop B of Cavalry aro
still In camp.
There were dances for the guardsmen
at the armory and at the Dolphin Bath
house.
Members Who Are Spanish War Vet
erans Will Take Part in Pa
rade of Grand Array.
SIXTH REGIMENT BREAKS
CAMP AT SANTA CRUZ
The morning parade will consist of the
various branches of • the United States
military and naval forces stationed
around the bay of San Francisco, the
branches of the National Guard of Cali
fornia and various civic societies.
At the formal reception at the Mechan
ics' Pavilion to be tendered this evening
to the commander in chief of the Grand
Army -of the Republic and the members
of the Grand Army, the Woman's Re
lief Corps and the Ladles of the G. A. R.,
beginning at 8 o'clock. General George
Stone, chairman of the general commit
tee, will Introduce the department com
mander. General William ¦ R. Shafter,
who. after a brief address, will assume
the chair and preside during the evening.
General Shafter will introduce Governor
Pardee of California, who will deliver the
address of welcome on behalf of the citi
zens of the State. He will be followed by
Mayor Schmltz, who will welcome the
visiting hosts on behalf of the people of
San Francisco. General Thomas J. Stew
art, commander in chief of the Grand
Army, will respond. Mrs. Lodusky J.
Taylor, national president, will respond
on behalf of the Woman's Relief Corps,
and Anna M. Hall will respond on be
half of the Ladies of the Grand Army
of the Republic.
The events scheduled for to-day Include
the big parade In honor of the veterans
and the reception this evening at the
Mechanics' Pavilion to Commander In
Chief General Stewart.
Thousands witnessed the electrical dis
plays on Market street, and It was with
a sense of satisfaction that San Fran
cisco's 25,000 and more guests retired for
sleep in order to be ready for the big
events of to-day.
The famous drum and fife corps of Den
ver, maintained by General George W.
Cook, past department commander of
Colorado and Wyoming, also furnished
music for the thousands. The band ar
rived yesterday and In Its Zouave uni
forms won plaudits on all sides as it
marched ud Market street.
The band serenaded the newspaper of
fices and then visited the Palace Hotel
and serenaded General Miles, General
Stewart, commander in chief of the G. A.
R., and other distinguished soldiers.
When the shades of night fell the visi
tors, after a hasty meal, spent the even
ing in visltins the various headquarters
or aeceDted the hospitality of the local
posts <of the Grand Army that kept "open
house."
CONTENTED WITH THE DAY.
ed shrill on the fields of Antietim, Chata
nooga. Missionary Ridge and other his
torical scenes of the Civil War.
.. The leaders of the Grand Army jMre
serenaded and the veteran band, which
hailed from Los Angeles, was given vol
leys of cheers that rent the air.
Continued From Page 1, Column 6.
SAN BERNARDINO, Aug. 17.-CMI
Engineer C. F. Ragsdald of San Fran
cisco, who has charga of the main party
of surveyors who are platting the great
stretch of unsurveyed Government Iand3
to the northeast, was in town to-day and
told of a terrible experience with tiv«
mountain lions which no kept at bay all
night, while the beasts watched for an
opportunity to attack him. His party
had been working at Whit* Water for
several days, and last Saturday evening
Ragsdale was alone on Bears Peak, hU
companions having gone to Banning for
supplies. He was awakened during tfca
night by the deep roaring of a lion. Then
another and another Joined in, until
Ragsdale knew that ha had been sur
rounded. He was armed with nothing but
a small hatchet. The nearest assistance
was more than three miles away, and ho
realised that he could not leave the loca
tion of his bunk without a battle. Ills
fire was being extinguished by a Heavy
rain that was falling, and he knew that
if it died out it would be the signal for an
attack. II© could see the glare of th*
famishing creatures' eyes and see- their
long gaunt forms not more than twenty
five feet off.
Ragsdale had to get wood for his fire.
and after tossing to the blaze all tho
branches he had used In the bunk, ha
started toward the thicket guided by th*
increasing flames. While cutting away at
pine branches, one of the lions left Its re
treat and made for him. Ragadale
wheeled about pnd raised the hatchet
above his head. Something made tho
mountain king chanpe its Intention, for
with a frightful roar it backed off into the
thicket. The entire night was spent by
Ragsdale in keeping back the huge brutes.
When found by his companions he was
more dead than alive, and Is now in this
city recuperating after his thrilling ex
perience.
MORE ARRIVALS ADD TO CROWD
Immediately after the shooting Sledge
fled. A posse, headed by the Sheriff, over
took the negro near the steel bridge over
the Tallahoosa River, five miles from
Wedowee. He was ordered to surrender,
but replied by firing his sholgunr^HUng
Thomas Ebbltt and Robert Ford.
This afternoon Sledge was accosted on
the road by James More and Bu»l "W'lson.
Without warning the nejrro raised his gun
and fired, killing More and fatally wound-
Ing Wilson.
I .. I .. I .. I ..t,H-I"M"I"I"!"l-!"I"I"l"H-I-C
HEFLIN. Alai, Aug, 17.— News has just
reached here that four men were killed
and nine wounded In Randolph County on
Saturday by a negro named Sledge. The
Shtilff and a posse are In pursuit, but
have not yet been able to capture the
slayer.
The trouble started over a difficulty In
a watermelon patch. A party of white
men were working on the public road
Beaver Creok, near Lamar. Sledge had
& watermelon patch near the road, and
when the men finished working they asked
permission to eat a few melons. Sledge
told them to help themselves, but re
quested that they take care not to de
stroy the vines. As Boon as the men en
tered the patch they began to cut and
slash melons in- every direction. The
negro warned them to stop and then went
after a gun. Returning, he emptied the
weapon into the crowd, wounding nine out
of eleven.
O. F. Ragsdale Has Thrilling
Experience While Alone
on Bears Peak.'
Wanton Destruction of His
Watermelons Starts
the Trouble.
Negro Kills Four Men
and Wounds Nine
Others.
Camp Fire Keeps Them
Prom Attacking San
Franciscan.
FIRES AT EVERY
WHITE HE SEES
MOUNTAIN LIONS
LOSE THEIR PREY
THE SAN FKAKCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 18, 1903.
4
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
A MAN CAN'T fa s^w«v
tt Illrtn Vrtll 1 it isn't a question
of his winning a race, bet a question ot
being able only to keep afloat. The man
who is suffering from malnutrition is like
the fettered swimmer. His stomach and
its allied organs of _
digestion and nutri- #?:$! —
tion are diseased. >> ksbJL**^^
It is not a question
with him of winning = S|=r^gi| g *
in the race for bna-
ness but of simply •—^^ a ' :_J^~ "
keeping up itwW ~f^^S~
any circumstances. -^y^*gj>"%^
Whenever disease -3Jrfgg_5t_ ik
affects the stomach ffsz^T-^t ?
it is affecting also *^J^5&-r>^
the blood and the ~7^ y-"fm
health of every or- A A-^
gan of the body. '===* j*F?
For blood' is only -—% — -^^^-t
food converted into /$&T\ »XV
nutrition and nutri- i^ *
tion is the life of Gfa^r^ J—
the body and every , /Vf
organ of it. , £fM*T
Doctor Pier ce's — i«|P
Golden Medical -^ar-
Discovery cures diseases of the stomach
and other organs of digestion and nutri-
tion. It purifies the blood and* enables
the perfect nutrition of the body which
means perfect health.
"Pot «bt long years I reflfcred with ladlge*.
tion »nd my lira- and kidneys, which baffled the
beat doctors in oar country," write* E- 1,. Ran-
•ell, Esq.. of Woolscy, Prince William Co.. Va.
«I goffered with my stotaacfa and back for a long
time, and after taking a ' cart-load ' of medicine
from three doctor* I grew so bad I could hardly
do a da7'« work. Would have death-like pain*
In the aide, and blind spells. 1 began takinq
Dr. Piercc's Golden Medical Discovery and
•Pleasant Pellets.' Before I had taken half of
the second bottle I began to feel relieved. 1 got
«ix more bottles and used them, and am happy
to say I owe my life to Dr. Pierce.*
Accept no substitute for « Golden Med-
ical Discovery." There is nothing "just
as good" for diseases of the stomach,
blood and lungs.
The Common Sense Medical Adviser,
1008 large pages, in paper covers, is sent
fres on receipt of 21 one-cent stanrpa to
pay expense of mailing only. Address
Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.FOE OF CANAL TREATY,
AMERICAN MINISTER AND
COLOMBIA'S PRESIDENT.
ROME, Aug. 17.— The Pope has given
$20,000 for, distribution 'among the poor of
Rome. The ¦ Pontiff seems to have quite
recovered his health; as he is Riving more
audiences .than -before he suffered , from
his recent fainting fit, although the heat
is -still suffocating. The Pontiff to-day
received . Prince Orsini. assistant at the
Papal • throne. The Pope said he would
be glad'if the Prince would retain his of
fice, \whlclv he had • resigned before the
death ; of Leo XIII. ¦ . - ; ¦ .; * ;
/The ceremony of the Imposition of the
Archepiscdpal ' pallium upon' the Most
Rev.^J. J.\;Harty, Archbishop of Manila,
was performed to-day by Cardinal Mac
chi'ln his own private chapel.
Twenty Thousand Dollars to Be Dis
• ' tributed by Pontiff's
>.:¦:'-> ¦¦ . Order. , .': -:
POPE GIVES LABGE SUM v
TO THE POOB OF BOME
precaution to protect the prisoner.
The funeral of the murdered child was
held to-day and was largely attended. •
- FORT WAYNE. Ind.. Au*. 17.— W. L. Pet
tit, ' for many • yean assistant cashier of the
First . National ; Bank here • shot and . killed
himself, early to-day, Ill-health Is believed to
have been the cause.
VANCOUVER. B. C. Ajigf. 17.—Passen
ger train men on the Papific division of
the Canadian Pacific Railway are to re
ceive an increase of approximately 12. per
cent on their present wage schedule, and
the men : employed in thp operation of
freight trains are to secure an increase
of 13 per cent. The Increase dates from
August 1.
Trainmen to Beceive Increased Pay.
: SEATTLE, Wash., Aug. 17.— Crazed
wlth^he belief that the affections of her
husband' had been stolen and her home
destroyed "by Mrs. Laura Graham. Mrs.
Sarah Allen fired a shot into the brain of
her supposed rival at South Seattle early
this : evening. Mrs. Allen was taken ? to
the ; City 7 Jail and later transferred to the
County. Jail. V" . -
Mrs. Graham .was brought to the city
and .placed ln'Providence Hospital. The
surgeons ; have little hope of the , woman's
recovery.' » ' ;
! Mrs.'''' Allen is the wife . of a raotorman
running' on the South Seattle street rail
way. llnei~ ¦* Mrs. Graham" Is separated from
her. husband. '.The 'latter' ' is now :ln
Alaska. ¦" ~
Fires a Bullet ' Into the
Brain of Her Sup
posed Rival.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 17.— The fourth
annual convention of the California . Re
tail Grocers* and - Merchants' Association
opened this morning in this city. In ad
dition to delegations from all parts of
the State the grocers of Washington and
Oregon were also represented. The open-
Ing session at Elks' Hall was devoted to
the preliminary business of organization.
Retail Grocers Meet in Convention.
JELOUS WIFE
USES REVOLVER
OROVILLE, Aug. 17.— Two Indian boys
living at an Indian camp near Cherokee,
twelve miles north of Oroville. to-day ate
a lunch which they found hanging to a
tree, and as a result one Is dead and the
other will probably die. The boy who
succumbed to the poisoned ' lunch was
aged about 9 years. How the poisoned
food got there has not been learned. It
is possible that it was intended to poison
wild animals. It was near a spring and
the boys had undoubtedly gone to t^ie
spring to get a drink when they discov
ered it. ;
• - -•¦ .. . - "
One of Them Dies and His Compan
ion Is Not Expected to
Becover. .
INDIAN BOYS PABTAKE
OP POISONED FOOD
PRESIDENT DISAPPOINTED.
Congress in Extra. Session May Take
Up Canal Question. .
OYSTER BAY, N. Y., Aug. 17.— Upon
the return of the President to Sagamore
Hill from reviewing the 'fleet he found
awaiting him information of the rejection
by the Colombian Senate of the Panama
canal treaty. While he naturally is dis
appointed at the action of the Congress
he does not at this time to make
any comments upon it.
When it was learned recently that the
Colombian Congress > intended to amend
the treaty it was understood that an inti
mation was conveyed to the Colombian
Government that such amendments as
Montana Prison Offi
cials Pear Coming-;
of Lynchers.
. DIED.
HARRIS— In 'this city. August 18," 1003,
Fanny, be'oved wife of Benjamin i Harris
and ' mother 'of Mrs.' Bert Llssner of . Oakland,
Stella, Camlle, -Tessle, Myrtle. Sylvlan and
Lloyd • Harris ¦ and daughter ¦• ot I E. - Klrsch
braun. a native of Germany.; .
(ETNotlce ¦- of funeral < hereafter. -
HAMILTON. Mont.; Aug. 17.—The.pre
liminary examination of Walter Jackson,
who yesterday was charged by the Coro
ner's jury with having murdered six-year
old Fonnle Buck, has been set for next
Thursday. It will be held , In Hamilton,
as it is certain -that the prisoner 1 would
be summarily dealt with if taken back to
Stevensville, the. scene of his alleged
crime. The authorities have given: assur
ance that Justice will be dealt, out* with
out. delay and the residents appear quite
orderly. •¦ •»-:.- . -
The prisoner is closely concealed, in a
steel - cage and doubly guarded. ¦ as the
authorities are very apprehensive: of an
attack on the Jail' and are taking : every
DAVENPORT. la., Aug. 17.— Report
comes from Sunbury. la., of the kidnap
ing late last night of Mrs. John Hilsrow.
wife of a wealthy farmer, and an attempt
to extort $50,000 ransom from her husband.
Mr. and Mrs. Hilsrow were decoyed
from their home by a man who said that
their son was ill in a near-by town. While
they were driving along a lonely road
with the strange man, it is said, Hilsrow,
who is aged and feeble, was thrown from
the buggy and was told that, his wife
would be held until he brought the money
to "a certain secluded spot. -
Mrs. Hilsrow was imprisoned in the cel
lar of a deserted farmhouse. During last
night, while her captor was away from
the house, she made her escape, running
to a farmhouse of the neighborhood.
In the meantime, her husband had com
municated with the county authorities,
but no trace of the kidnaper could be
found. Mrs. Hilsrow is in a critical con
dition from exposure.
this would cut a considerable figure in
the discussion of the subject in Colombia,
but. the question of money consideration,
it is said, faded away and was replaced
by the sovereignty issue.
The question has I been raised as to
whether the Spooner amendment does "not
make it compulsory upon the Govern
ment to proceed with the purchase of the
Nlcaraguan. route, now that the negojtla
tions with Colombia have failed. Many
statesmen here . who expressed opinions
were of the belief that the passage of
the. amendment made this procedure
mandatory. Colombia, It is declared, has
forfeited the last chance to have an« in
ter-oceanlc waterway constructed
through her territory.
Iowa Woman Escapes
From Clutch of a
Kidnaper.
Angry Bartender Wrecks Saloon.
SANTA BARBARA. Adg. 17.— Because
of differences with a member of the firm
of Ziegler & Menken, saloon-keepers, for
whom he had been working. Richard Carr
to-night attempted to shoot Menken.
Failing in his purpose, Carr discharged
his revolver into several costly French
mirrors, smashing all of them. The sa
loon, which was opened for the first time
to-night, was wrecked. Carr was ar
rested. He was formerly engaged In th«
saloon business In San Francisco and San
Jose.
Wants Reduction of Assessment.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 17.— The, State
Board of Equalization this afternoon
heard the application of Los Angeles
County for a reduction in the assessment
as returned by the Assessor. The As
sessor increased the assessment of the
county for the year 1903 to th© amount of
$50,000,000. an increase of 44 per cent. The
request for a reduction was taken under
advisement.
PASADENA. Aug. 17.-Noah Brooks,
once a well known writer and journalist,
is dead at his home in this city, aged CT
years. He was a native of Maine and
came to California after the war. He
served in the navy and after reaching
San Francisco he identified himself with
the Alta California. After attracting
widespread attention on the Alta Cali
fornia and the Overland Monthly he be
came editorial writer on the New Torlt
Tribune. From 1885 to 1896 he was editor
of the New York Times. He was tho
author of several books, among them a
"Life of Lincoln" and "First Across the
Continent."
Noah Brooks, Former Editor of th«
New York Times, Passes
Away at Pasadena. ;-""
WELL-KNOWN JOUBNALIST
IS SUMMONED BY DEATH
GUARD SUSPECT
IN STEEL CAGE
An interestins feature of the whole de
bate In the Colombian. Senate, and the
committee's report favoring the treaty is
said to have been the entire absence of
reference to the question 'of indemnity
offered by the United States for the right
of way. It was generally supposed that
• •I-I-H"M"I"M"M II I I II I 1 ! I u-l*
It will be impossible for President Mar
roquln to again submit the treaty to the
Colombian Congress In its present \ form.
The Senate having rejected it, the treaty
cannot again come before that body ex
cept bv the Senate's own vote. Presi
dent Marroquln, however, can j send the
treaty slightly amended to the Senate
and reopen the canal debate. It is be
lieved at the Colombian legation that
President Marroquin will adopt some such
procedure.
The reason given '^ for the rejection of
the treaty by the Colombian Senate, it
is said here, was the alleged encroach
ment on Colombian sovereignty • which,
its opponents contended, would result
from the treaty. This information was
contained In a dispatch received to-night
by Dr. Herran, the Colombian Charge,
from Foreign Minister Rlcos at Bogota.
This dispatch showed that in its present
form the treaty was absolutely unaccept
able to the Senate, and that it had been
rejected unanimously.
The view taken by the > Senate was at
variance to that held by the Government
of Colombia, which felt satisfied when
it submitted the treaty to Congress that
there would be no Impairment to Colom
bian sovereignty if the treaty were rati
fied. Incidental to tho general question
of sovereignty necessarily . was that of
the lease of the strip of land through
which the canal was to be constructed,
and the debate in the Colombian Senate
indicated that that ; body regarded this
as amounting to a sale of the land, there
fore . objectionable.
When the treaty was submitted to the
Senate by the committee to which it had
been referred seven -of the Senators fa
vored it, with certain amendments which*
they proposed, and the remaining two op
posed it absolutely. The amendments pro
posed by the majority are not stated here,
but they evidently referred to the ques
tion of sovereignty, as is Indicated by
the subsequent rejection of the treaty in
its present form.
_
WASHINGTON, Aug. 17.— A
cablegram; dated August
12 has been received at
the State Department
from Minister Beaupre at
Bogota, saying i that* the
Panama canal has been rejected by the
Senate. President Roosevelt was imme
diately advised of the news, Beaupre's
telegram being forwarded to Oyster Bay.
Little additional information concerning
the action of tho Colombian Senate could
be obtained at the State Department.
Adce, acting Secretary, would not indi
cate what course the United States would
pursue.
The arrests were effected by Officers Col
lier and Hinrichs on information of a
milk wagon driver who happened to be
near the house at 'the time of the rum
pus and rushed in to quell the fray.
His face and hands are badly slashed
and he is now In the Central Emergency
Hospital.
Mrs. Alfred R. Pemple was arrested
last night for slashing her husband's face
with a butcher knife and was taken to
the City Hall station, where charges of
disturbing the peace and assault with a
deadly weapon were entered against her.
Pemple and his brother, L. Pemple^who
was present, were also arrested and
charged with disturbing the peace.
Pemple is the agent for an Eastern pub
lishing house and has his office at 92 Mur
phy building. The couple reside at the
Maybelle Hotel. 202 Grove street. From
the wife's statement it apears that her
husband called her a vile name and to
avenge the insult she grabbed a butcher
knife and went after him.
Mrs. Pexnple Slashes the Face of Her
Spouse Because He Called Her
a Vile Name.
CABVES HER HUSBAND
WITH BTJTCHEB, KNIFE
In spite of the legend that Naples will
be destroyed by Vesuvius, the people
firmly believe that San Gennaro, their
patron saint, will stop the flow of lava
with a gesture should it advance too near
Naples. The stream of lava, after flowing
2G50 feet in the direction of Ottajaao, has
stopped, while the other stream is still
moving and has reached a point 2550 feet
toward Pompeii. . . . ,
NAPLES, Aug. 17.— Vesuvius continues
active and the eruption has now lasted
two weeks. On nights when there is no
moonlight the spectacle is magnificent,
the crater belching flames and smoke to
the height of nearly 4000 feet. t
Confident That San Gennafb Will
Stay the Eruption of
Vesuvius.
NEAPOLITANS EXPECT
PATBON SAINT TO AID
The part that Captain Rafferty played
In the storming of San Juan Hill will live
In the histcry of the stirring deeds of
the Spanish-American war. His famous
cry to his companions as he stormed the
hill at the head of his men, "Come on,
Company F!" earned for him the nick
name after the war was over of "Come-
On Rafferty." ; A: \,
Police Commissioner Green, who was
Rafferty's personal friend, sent him to
Trinidad five yearB ago to fill the place
of manager of the Trinidad Asphalt Com
pany.
NEW YORK, Aug. 17.-Captain Mal
colm Rafferty, one of the volunteer he
roes of the Spanish-American war, died
last nlffht in Trinidad. - ¦
"Taps" Are Sourded
for Gallant Captain
Rafferty.
SAN JUAN HERO'S
LIFE IS CLOSED
AUSTIN. Tex.. Aug. 17.— It is announced
that the construction of the extension of
the Choctaw line of the Rock Island west
from Amarillo, Tex., to Tecumcarl, N. M.,
is to be resumed Immediately. This ex
tension will connect with the Rock Isl
and line to El Paso at Tecumcari. Con
struction work was progressing on it rap
iiy until a few weeks ago, when it sud
denly ceased, and it was reported at the
time that It was to be abandoned. It Is
stated that this extension is to be a link
In the proposed transcontinental line of
the Rock Island # and that this will be
obtained by extending it about 100 miles
farther west from Tecumcari to a con
nection with the Santa Fe at Las Vegas,
N. M. It is an easy grade and the heavy
haul by the way of La Junta will be
avoided when the new connecting link is
finished.
Will Be a Link in the Proposed
Transcontinental Connection of
the Rock Island.
CHOCTAW LINE EXTENSION
TO BE BESUMED AT ONCE
VicEBOY OF "aMUBTLEADEB*
OF EUSSIAN WAR PAETY
Former Admiral Advocates Holding
Territory in Far East at
Any Cost.
PEKING, Aug. 17.— The promotion of
Vic*- Admiral Alexieff to the Vieeroyship
of the Amur territory and Kwang Tung
Province is regarded here as a. success of
the "so-called Russian war party. He Is
a leader of the faction which advocates
the holding of all PaiSEia has gained in
the Far East at any cost and making
heavy expenditures at Port Arthur.
During the recent conference of high
Russian officials at Port Arthur there was
much talk cf investing him with the title
of Governor of Manchuria, but the con
servative officials were opposed to this
step as being likely to Inflame public feel
ing in Japan.
MUST STOP WHEN HAILED .
OE TAKE CONSEQUENCES
St. Louis Judge Acquits Man Who
Used Revolver to Make Motor
man Halt Car.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 17.— Beverly S. War
den, who was arrested Saturday night
because he wanted to board a street car
and none would stop for him, and who
finally drew a revolver and forced a mo
torman to come to a halt, was acquitted
in the Police Court to-day. In discharg
ing Warden, Police Judge Tracy said:
Any street ear mctorman brought before me
on a substantiated charge of passing passen
per» on the street corner will be fined to the
limit of the law. Citizens have rights that
are paramount to those of a etreet car com
pany.
Anerican Officer Wants an Apology
From Sultan of the Lanao
Moros.
DEMANDS REDRESS FOB,
INSULT TO THE FLAG
MANILA. Aug. 17.— Major Robert L.
Bullard has demanded redress from Sul
tan Deseen, the tribal leader of the Lanao
Moros. Although professing a warm
friendship for Americans, the Sultan re
cently surrounded a small detachment of
United States troops paying him a friend
ly visit with a strong force of warriors
and offered battle, his men insultingly
bearing an American flag. So far the only
reply from the Sultan to Major Bullard's
demands has been defiance.
BUTTE DETECTIVE ACCEPTS
OUTLAW BOGEBS' CHALLENGE
Jail Breaker Bromises to Bettirn if
Law Officer Will Fight
Him a Duel.
BUTTE. Mont., Aug. 17.— Pat Rogers,
ore of the sir men who broke from Bntte
jail on the night of August 8 has written
a letter in which he says he will give
himself up it City Detective Jerry Mur
phy will fight him a duel. Murphy to
day accepted the challenge, saying he
would meet the outlaw at any place and
with any weapons he may name.
Montana's Grasshopper Plague.
RED LODGE, Mont., Aug. 17.—Grass
hoppors are so thick in this section that
they are plastered each day on the loco
motives of the trains and the wheels are
so slippery that when the engines stop it
if difficult to start them again. The pests
settle in clouds on the rails and cover the
wheels with a thick coating of ,tbeir car
casses. They have eaten the range as
bare as a board and come in swarms
which obscure the fun.
Carrie Nation in Jail Again.
BAYONNE. N. J.. Aug. 17.-Mrs. Carrie
Nation was locked up here to-night
charged with disorderly conduct. She
collected a crowd by haranguing on a
street comer an dthen ran around among
the men. striking cigars, pipes and cigar
ettes from their mouths until a policeman
arrested her.
Extra Sausalito Boat.
Uaily AugUFt 17th to ¦&& Inclusive an extra
lioat will Have S.in Francisco at 10:30 p. m. for
ra«-.Utte point*. Lt£ t beat leave* at 11:45
v. m. • •
WIFE OF FARMER
HELD FOR RANSOM
SEATTLE, Aug. 17.— The big cruiser
New York, flagship of the North Pacific
squadron, is at the Puget Sound navy
yard. ' It is stated that one member of
S.he inspection board of Inquiry is urging
that'- the great - fighting piece be per
manently repaired at the navy yard on
the ground that her double bottom com
partment is in such a shape that it would
be unsafe for her in her present cpndi-
I tion to attempt the long voyage around
Cape Horn to the Brooklyn navy yard.
The time of the arrival of the New
York in this port has been postponed
until Wednesday. She will remain in the
harbor probably two days in honor of
the assembling of the Trans-Mlssisslppi
Congress.
Experts Think It Would Be Unsafe
for Her to Attempt a Long
Voyage.
BIO CRUISER NEW YORK
IS IN POOR CONDITION
Question of Sover
eignty Results in
Adverse Action
¦ It Is quite certain that the action of Co
lombia will induce some consultations of
importance in the near future and possi
bly some action by Congress at the, extra
ordinary session.
It appears that one of the objections
to the ratification which carried weight in
the Senate was that the Panama Canal
Company did not come to a previous ar
rangement: with the Colombian Govern
ment for the transfer of the concession.
The action taken by the Senate, how
ever, seems to have been influenced by the
communication made by the American
Minister, in which the introduction of any
amendments to the treaty was objected
to.
were proposed would be unsatisfactory.
The absolute rejection of the treaty fol
lowed, v '
General Valezzo, an old veteran and a
distinguished army officer, probably will
be appointed Military Governor of the
district of Panama. It Is thought that
the fears caused by the rumors of a se
cession movement on the isthmus may
have influenced the appointment.
BOGOTA, Aug. 17.— It was rumored to
day that President Marroquln had been
authorized by Congress to make a new
treaty, which would not require further
ratification, but that the basis given for
the treaty probably would prove unac
ceptable to the United States.
It is considered, however, in official cir
cles, according to reliable information,
that the authorization given by Congress
to make a new treaty will supply a basis
for reopening negotiations with the
United States.
PANAMA, Aug. 17.— The unanimous re
jection of the Panama canal treaty by the
Senate has caused a profound impression
here in all circles. The question on all
lips is: What will become of Panama?
The only consolation the isthmians have
Is that the" rest of the republic, with the
exchange at a very high figure and with
an upward tendency, will suffer a great
deal more. It seems that the Government
never expected the treaty to be ratified
and it was not supported at all in tho
Senate.
The rejection is a heavy blow to prop
erty owners here, who have been Invest
ing heavily on the prospects of the treaty
being ratified.
High authorities on the isthmus ex
press the opinion that President Roose
velt may insist on the right of the United
States to purchase the canal enterprise
from the French company. Colombia hav
ing sanctioned the sale, and take imme
diate . steps to» show Colombia that the
United States Is determined to go through
with the project, at the same time in
forming the Colombian Government that
the obstacles in the way of the transfer,
viz., thfc questions of money and the
sovereignty and jurisdiction over the
property involved, etc., are questions for
subsequent settlement and possible arbi
tration at the Hague.
Others think that Colombia will soon
recognize the seriousness of her mistake
in not' ratifying the treaty, as the United
States' and European nations will lose no
time in enforcing their claims on Colom
bia.
by. Colombia, as a mere threat on the part
of the United States. They are convinced
that the' Nicaraguan project is impossible
and that the United States jvill again
deal 'with Colombia.
Bridges Carry Away and
Do Damage to Other '
Property.
Danzlger was questioned and stoutly
asserted that he was of legal age, but
as he was unable to produce evidence
to support his claims the license was
withheld. The young people left the
courthouse greatly disheartened and spent
the morning beneath the trees in St.
James Park. After dinner at the St.
James they returned to San Francisco.
The attempt at matrimony is said to be
the result of a romantic runaway and,
although Danziger asserts that his pa
rents knew of his prospective marriage
and had raised no objections .to It, the
story Is current that no one was in the
confidence of the young people, but that
their plans were inadvertently discovered
by the parents of the young man, who
called upon Chief Wittman to aid them
in preventing the nuptials. Shortly before
Danziger and his companion took the
train for San Francisco the young man
received a message from his parents, and
it is supposed that the couple have re
turned to Danzlger's home to attempt to
obtain the consent of his relatives.
..Detective Pickering was detailed to no
tify the County Clerk to refuse a license
to the couple and he was just in time.
Danziger and his bride-to-be had just
made application for a license when the
officer entered and Deputy Aggeler was
engaged In makinz hi out. ¦*v s ';-
SAN JOSE. Aug. 17.-The Police De
partment of this city prevented the mar
riage of Isador D. Danziger of San Fran
cisco and Miss Catherine Martin of Marin
County, an eloping couple, here to-day.
Chief Wittman of San Francisco notified
Chief of Police Carroll this morning of
the elopement and asked him to notify
the County Clerk not to issue a license
to Danziger, as he was but 19 years of
age. The lady is said to be six or seven
years his senior.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KAXSAS CITY. Mo.. Aug. 17.-Boats
are again being used to transport persons
between the two Kansas Citys, the
James-street foot and" wagon bridge and
the Metropolitan-street Railway Com
pany's bridge over the Kansas River hav
ing been carried out by the strong cur
rent. The river is higher than at any
time since the June flood and other struc
tures are In danger. The wrecked bridges
are temporary pile affairs, hastily con
structed two months ago. A further rise
is expected, as half a dozen tributaries to
the Kansas River west of here are bank
full.
The river has been turbulent for more
than a week past and the strong current
has brought In great quantities of drift
wood from the west. The James-street
bridge was partially wrecked yesterday.
Soon after it went out this morning It
floated down and took out the street rail
v.-ay bridge, severing the main line of
communication across the river and car
rying with it Kansas City. Kans., gas
mains and the telephone cable. The
wreckage of the two bridges finally
lodged against the Chicago Great West
ern Railway bridge and while it weak
ened the structure and put it out of ser
vice, it will, it Is believed, remain intact.
Further on, much driftwood caught at
the flow-line bridge, which furnished the
Missouri city with its principal water
Fupply. No fiamaje resulted to this
bridge and no apprehension is felt regard
ing it unless there is a gTeat rise In the
river, which seems unlikely. At most,
the river will not rise above four feet
higher. All streams in Kansas, including
the Knw, the Smoky Hill and the Re
publican rivers, are rising, the result of
heavy rains last night, and this water is
expected here late to-morrow.
Tbe Stock Yards Company has a large
force of men at work protecting its pile
bridge, over which livestock for the Ar
mourdale packing-house -is driven from
the main yards. General Manager Rust
feels confident that the structure will
stand.
The Belt Line bridge is being kept in
place by a heavily laden freight train.
Miss J. J. Grathwol. sister of Miss
Katherlne Grathwol. received a letter
from Katherlne recently. It was dated
August S and was as follows:
I have an engagement for next Sunday. A
gentleman called on Nellie Stone and asked
her *o go up 1* Cumbre trail on that day.
They asked me to go and Insisted that they
would not go unless I went. So I accepted
and shall go if nothing happens. Le Cumbre
is the highest peak in thes« parts and it is
considered a great feat to climb it. I pleaded
inability to ride, but the gentleman Insisted
that he would secure a surefooted horse, and.
if need be would strap me on. Really, I am
quite anxious to go. as I think it would b*
quite an experience. We leave early tn the
morning and do not return until night.
Miss Grathwol had requested the friends
with whom she was making the ascent
on horseback to proceed without her after
half the distance had been covered, stat
ing that she would remain until their re
turn. The party v/ent only a couple of
miles and then returned. Not findlnff
Miss Grathwol where she had been left,
they proceeded a short distance along the
trail and found her prostrate body lying
in thp *un. Efforts to revive her were
futile, and she died half an hour later.
Miss Grathwol came to Santa Barbara
five months ago from St. Paul, accompa
nied by her mother, hoping to improve
her health.
The other members of the party have
returned unlnjuied.
ST. PAUL", Minn., Aug. 17.— Miss Kath
erlne Grathwol was a teacher in one ot
the St. Paul public schools and her fam
ily is well known here. Her mother waa
with her In California. V , • .;..
SANTA BARBARA, Aug. 17.-An in
quest held to-day over the remains of
Miss Catherine Grathwol; who died on
the mountain trail to the aummlt of th«
Santa Ynez range yesterday afternoon,
developed the fact that the young wo
man's death was caused by heart failure
brought about by exhaustion. The Cor
oner's deputies who went after the re
mains returned early this morning after
a most difficult and hazardous trip. The
body had to be tied on the back oi a
horse and brought over the narrow trail
in the darkness.
The Secretary of War believes that the
construction of these roads would be of
immense benefit and would settle for all
time the question of possible insurrection
in the Island of Luzon, as they would aid
vastly in the patroling of all sections of
the island.
WASHINGTON, Augr. 17.-Secretary
Root has been in correspondence with
Governor Taft regarding the construction
of a system of railroads in the Philippine
Islands aggregating 600 miles. It is pro
posed to build f line from Manila north
through Luzon to a harbor at the north
ernmost end of the Island. Another pro
jected line Is a branch from the north
and south line over the mountains to the
eastern coast. Another proposed line is
from Manila south to Batancas. It has
been suggested also that a line be con
structed along the west coast of Luzon
from Dagupan, the present terminus of
the Manila and Dagupan road, to the
north end of the Island.
The propositions which have been con
sidered by the Secretary of War and the
Governor of the Philippines contemplate
aid by the Filipino Government In the
proposed roads. It is believed that a
gruarantee of the interest on the amount
of the cost of the roads. In case they
prove unable to pay such interest out of
the earnings, will be sufficient to Induce
capital to invest in the enterprise. The
Philippine Government, could not make
grants of lands to aid In the construc
tion of the roads, but it could grant
rights of way. \
It has been determined that the Phil
ippine Government has the authority to
guarantee the interest on the railroad
bonds, the payment of interest, Jf made,
to constitute a lien on the railroad prop
erty.
Uncle Sam to Guarantee In
terest on Cost of the
Communication Between Two
Cities Maintained by
Boats.
Overexerts Herself While
Climbing to Summit of
Mountain.
Isador D. Darziger and His
x - Intended Bride Sadly
Disappointed.
Granting, of a License to
a Runaway Couple
Is Stepped. ;
Inquest Is Held in Case
of Misa Catherine
GrathwooL
Root's Project Involves
Granting of Govern
ment Aid.
KANSAS STREAMS
RISING HIGHER
RAILWAY SYSTEM
FOR PHILIPPINES
HURT FAILURE
CAUSE OF DEATH
POLICE PREVENT
THEIR MARRIAGE
Bogota's Statesmen
Expect to Dictate
Terms to America
: .^— «^0L0N, Colombia, Aug. 17.—
£ V'.The rejection of the canal
Kg . treaty by the Colombian Sen
5 ate has produced a tremen-
X^ ' doua sensation on the Isth
mus. It was generally
thought that the treaty would pass, with
some modifications.
' There is reason to suppose that the ma
jority of the Senate regards the Spooner
amendment to build by the Nlcaraguan
route, if the Panama route were rejected
COLOMBIAN SENATE REJECTS THE PANAMA CANAL TREATY,
FINAL VOTE AGAINST THE CONVENTION BEING UNANIMOUS
THE SAN FBAISTCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 18. 1903.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
LADIES'
MADE-TO-ORDER
..SUITS..
jpj&k Hundreds of
rjjgjj handsome European
¦^KT and American Stdt-
v<43£\ ings— in new fall
\-V\\ and winter fabrics
A \«|i — are now here to
4 >Vj^\ choose from.
J / \\^ Needless to dwell
n\ r \\ / on the merits of the
/ \\i Keller tailoring.
/ 1 I Y 00 now t^ at " iere
/ j 1 Ivy is a shapeliness and
/ 1 i\ XS>y grace aboat the
/Tlf\\. KcDcr nafc scits
//it K that *PP caI$ !°
*4 women particular in
matters of dress.
However, in ottf new fall and winter
suitings, as well as our tailoring, all
tastes are met in the most charming
manner/'
- Call at your earKest convenience and
examine these beautiful fabrics.
1028-1030 MARKET STREET.
San Francisco.
"57-HS9 WASHINGTON STREET,
. Oakland.OFFICER IN COMMAND OF
( FIGHTING SHIPS REVIEWED
YESTERDAY BY PRESIDENT.
As President of the United States I ' wish
on behalf of the entire country to greet you
as representatives, officers and enlisted men
of the American navy. Every man aboard
the Olympia must feel that on him rests a
double duty to see to it that the ship's name
Khali be forevermore a symbol of victory and
glory to all the people of our country. Noth
ing pleased me more than to see myself to
day how high Is the standard of the enlisted
men of the navy. I do not believe that our
navy has ever been at a higher point of effi
ciency. Month by month the already high
Ftandard is being raised even higher. All
alike share in the duty and share In > the
honor which comes of the duty well done.
Whether the service is rendered In the con
ning tower, or in the gun turrets, or In the
engine room. It matters not so long as the
service Itself Is of the highest possible kind.
This ship commemorates forever the name of
Admiral Dewey as the name of the Hartford
commemorates that of Admiral Farragut. And
I ask you all as Americans, proud af your
country, from the admiral down to the last
enlisted landsman or the youngest apprentice,
to appreciate alike the high honor and heavy
responsibility of your positions.
At the conclusion the men cheered the
President and then Admiral Dewey.
When the President went to the Yankee,
where he met the landsmen in training,
he was struck by the fact that the crew
consisted of landsmen who had been only
two and a half months in service, many
from New York . and Pennsylvania and
ON THE OLYMPIA. s
On the Olympla he again was requested
to say a word to the enlisted men. He
said in substance:
happy to eay that the. American seamen have
nflver been found deficient In the fighting edge
le firat requisite of... the .fighting man. I
do not praise you for being brave- that is
expected^ The coward Is to be condemned
rather than the brave man to be praised. I
expect every one to show a perfect willing
ness to die rather than to see the slightest
etaln put upon the American flag, but in ad
dition you must know how to flght aa well
as know how to die; then you will be what
I believe you are. the most efficient fighting
force In the world. I again thank you for
what you are. A peculiar responsibility at
taches to each and every one of you. It
has been a pleasure to eee the ship and the
guns, but above all the men behind the guns.
The President asked the name and
birthplace of each of the gun pointers.
They included men from all States in
the Union— California, Texas, North Caro
lina, Maine. Indiana, Michigan, Minne
sota # and Washington, as well" as from
Germany and Ireland. Norway and Swe
den. The President was especially, struck
with the large proportion of men from
the Middle West.
Judge Rhodes when making his first
ruling ¦" was under » the impression that
Barthel held no other than a city cer
tificate,
Bart el was elected a principal by the old
City Board. When the new board came
In he was ousted and Louis Bruch elected.
Barthel sued for reinstatement oh tlfe
ground that the provisions of the Polit
ical Code had been disregarded In his re
moval. The court held that the city char
ter under which Bruch was appointed Is
supreme, and denied the writ.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 17.— Judge Rhodes to
day in the case of Barthel vb. the City
Board of Education sustained the author
ity of the city charter In the matter of
the election of teachers. He set aside the
decision later in the day, however, as his
decision was based on a misconception
of the pleadings. and proof preverted. He
will now reserve his opinion until the
suit* brought by Miss Wendte and Miss
Spencer are heard. •
Will Reserve His Opinion- Until He
Hears the Testimony in Two
Similar Cases.
JUDGE RHODES SETS ASIDE
DECISION IN CHARTER SUIT
Army orders — Colonel Charles Morris to
command artillery, district of San Fran
cisco; Lieutenant Colonel Ramsey D.
Potts from San Francisco to Fort Moul
trey, S. C; Lieutenant Colonel A. W.
Vogdes from San Diego, Cal., to com
mand artillery, district of Key West: Ma
jor Robert J. . Patterson to command ar
tillery, district of San Diego: Major
Charles W. Hobbs from San Francisco
to command artillery, district of • New
Orleans; First Lieutenant Louis Breche
min Jr., assistant surgeon, from San
Francisco to Fort Baker. Cal. • >-
Navy orders — Assistant Paymaster J. F.
Kutz detached from Independence, Mare
Island yard, September 1 to PetreU Chap
lain J. P. 3. Chidwick detached from
New York to home and wait orders.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 17.— Postmasters
commissioned: California— Pdward _B.
Thompson, Irving ton; Florence N. Law
rence, Uvas: Ruflna Rogers, Dudley.
Fourth class Postmasters appointed: Ore
gon—George H. Higglns. Barnegat, Tilla
xnook County, vice George Hunt, de
ceased. ; vW
Postmasters Commissioned and' Or
ders Issued Affecting Army and
Navy Officers Here.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Passenger Trains on Chicago, Mil
waukee and St. Paul Come To
gether Near Long Lake.
CHICAGO. Aug. 17.— In a head-on colli
sion between two passenger trains on the
Chicago, Milwaukee and SU Paul Rail
way, near Long Lake early to-day, one
trainman received injuries which resulted
In' his death, an engineer and fireman
were probably fatally injured and a num
ber of pccple were more or less seriously
hurt. The dead:
W. A. NORTHWAY. express messenger
on westbound train.
The Injured; Milton Twitchell, engi
neer; Albert Zeal, fireman; William Hig
gles, baggageman; Albert Rastman, ex
press messenger.
HEAD-ON COLLISION
HAS FATAL RESULTS
Both Mexicans and Americans who hap
pened to be in Lower California when the
strike was made flocked to the scene.
Others, at Guaymas are preparing to set
sail for La Paz for a visit to the scene
of the strike' A Mexican named Miguel
Cornejo, who lives at La Paz, is said to
have been made rich in one day by the
wonderful gold find on his property,
which is near that of Mendoza and his as
sociates. Not far from the scene of the
gold find some quarries of marble of a
very high grade have been discovered and
are being opened up. They are being ex
ploited by a corps of American engineers
who are said also to have gone In on the
ground floor and made valuable locations
where the gold was recently discovered.
GUAYMAS, Mexico. Aug. 17.—Pas
sengers who arrived at this port yester
day from La Paz, Lower California, on
the steamer Union bring wonderful tales
of the new gold discoveries at San Simon,
near Triufo, on the lower end of the
peninsula. As a verification of these re
ports, the Union carried $75,000 in placer
gold which was taken out of the new
fields. This large shipment of placer gold
was brought into La Paz from the mines
in a wagon guarded by four Iturales. It
came from the property of a Mexican
named Juan H. Mendoza, who with his
associates controls a great deal of the
ground In the vicinity of the recent strike.
Passengers From Lower California
Say San Simon Is a Ver
itable Klondike.'
TELL WONDERFUL STORIES
OF THE NEW GOLD FIELDS
In doing your work here. . every bit should
be done with an eye ' toward the day when
upon every man from the admiral to the,low
est in, rank, may rest the responsibility and
duty as to -whether or not a new page of
honor, in American history shall be turned.
As I passed the Olympla ' I remember ' her
grand victory of May 1, - 1898. which .made
her name forever one of renown : in our hU
tory. But all aboard her. from admiral' down
to • the : newest enlisted man. had been equip
ped for*,the work by days and by k years of
what>nwst have been at many, times Irksome
duty. . In , speaking ; to < all ¦ of you s l want a
chance to say ' a word of special recognition
to | the gun pointers. The ¦ shots that ; hit are
the shots that tell. They are what make the
aavy prove Itself equal to any. oeedt i am
Officers and Enlisted Men: I wish to «ay
a word of thanks to you on behalf of the
people of the United States. There are many
public servants whom I hold in high esteem,
but, there are no others whom I hold In quite
the esteem I do the officers and enlisted men
of the navy and the army ¦ of the United
States. „ . pjLflfU<"«iTi' i ~fcii' | n" | i
After chatting with Admiral Barker and
casually inspecting the Kearsarge the
President, before visiting the other flag
ships to return the calls of the rear ad
mirals, addressed the enlisted men and
officers of the ship. When they had been
drawn .' up on the gundeck he spoke as
follows: .
ADDRESSES ENLISTED MEN.
"Wehave with us representatives of an
international incident. . As to that, may
the best boat win."
With laughter and applause that toast
likewise was drunk by the guests stand-
Ing.
Captain Dechair of the British embassy
proposed the health of the President.
At. the conclusion of the hincheon the
officers returned to their ships. At 12:28
the President left the Mayflower In a
barge for the flagship Kearsarge to re
turn the call of Rear Admiral Barker.
He was accompanied by Secretary Moody,
Admiral Dewey, Rear Admiral Rodgers,
Rear Admiral Taylbr, .General Chaftee
and Commander Albert Gleaves of the
Mayflower,
The Mayflower flred a President's sa
lute as the barge cleared the ship. As
the President went aboard the Kearsarge
his flag was broken out at the mainpeak
and every one of the twelve saluting
ships In the fleet flred a President's sa
lute. • ¦
During the luncheon the President said:
"We have with us to-day, representatives
of the great powers, Great Britain, Ger
many, Russia and Japan. 'I ask you to
drinkvto these great powers and to their
sovereigns."
The toast was drunk standing. Then
the President continued:
President Roosevelt entertained his
guests and all the commanding officers
of the fleet at luncheon on , board the
Mayflower.
Among the other guests of the Presi
dent on the Mayflower were Assistant
Secretary of War Sanger, Sir Thomas
Lipton, C. Oliver Iselin,' Butler Duncan,
Colonel Sharman-Crawford, a represen
tative of the Royal Ulster Yacht Club,
and Emlen Roosevelt.
At the conclusion of the review Presi
dent Roosevelt received on .board the
Mayflower Rear Admiral Albert S. Bar
ker, commander In chief of the North
Atlantic fleet; Rear Admiral James A.
Sands, commander of the Caribbean;
Rear Admiral Joseph B. Coghlan, com
manding the coast squadron, and Rear
Admiral William C. Wise, commanding
the training squadron. He also received
the captains and commanding officers of
the twenty-two vessels in the fleet. He
received also the naval attaches of the
legation of four of the. great powers —
Captain Dechair of the British embassy.
Captain Edwin Schaefer of the German
embassy, Commander \V. C. Boutakoff of
the Russian embassy, and Lieutenant
Commander Isham Taklshika of the Jap
anese legation.
KECEIVES THE ADMIRALS.
by. jackies.in white duck, the marines
were paraded \ and, presented arms, \ . the
President's salute of, twenty-one guns
was fired, the buglers sounded- a flourish,
the drummers gave four, ruffles, the band
played "Hail. Columbia," and the entire
crew stood at salute. As the Mayflower
swept majestically past each ship tho
crew of the saluting vessel gave the
President three cheers as the commander
in chief of the army and navy of 'the
United States.
President Roosevelt, who was intently
watching the sauadron of destroyers
when tho accident occurred, remarked
that such accidents, especially, to de
stroyers, were likely to occur at any time.
In the execution of war maneuvers some
chances, he said, must be taken, and if
the time ever should come when the navy
was afraid of scratching oft tho paint of
a vessel its efficiency would, deteriorate
materially. '
Both the President and Mrs. Roosevelt
noted the accident with calmness, , not
withstanding the fact that their son Ker
mlt was on board the Decatur at the time
of the collision. He was standing beside
Lieutenant Chandler when the vessel ran
alongside the Mayflower. .
In • commenting upon the accident - Ad
miral Dewey said that amounted to little
and would delay the vessels in their
movements only a few days. He said
that such an accident was part of the
war game and must sometimes be ex
pected.
The review occurred on Long Island,
two and a half miles off the entrance to
Oyster Bay. President Roosevelt,' in com
pany with Secretary of the Navy Moody,
Admiral Dewey, Rear Admiral . Taylor,
Rear Admiral Rodgers, Captain Brown
son, General Chaffee and General Barry,
stood on.' the bridge of the auxiliary
crulBer. Mayflower as she steamed slowly
down one column of the warships and
up the other. The two columns extended
2500 yards, the ships being anchored . at
Intervals of 600' yards. As the Mayflower
passed each ship in the ' two columns | the
Xards and rails of each ship were manned
PRESIDENT SEES COLLISION.
'. and . inspected in time of peace
a great fleet of' United States warships.
The ceremony was a magnificent and im
pressive naval spectacle. It was un
marred by the slightest mishap until Just
at its conclusion when the torpedo-boat
destroyer Barry rammed the destroyer
Decatur, fortunately, however, doing lit
tle damage. The incident was exciting.
It occurred just at the moment when
the President was receiving congratula
tions upon the success of the maneuvers.
The first squadron of destroyers, consist-
Ing of the Decatur, Balnbrldge, Barry.
Dale and Chauncey, all under command
of lieutenant H. L. Chandler, was ap
proaching the Mayflower at full speed.
The vessels were In close formation. ' Or
ders were signaled from the Decatur to
the other vessels to form a wedge. In
executing the orders the Decatur swung
across the bow of the Barry. An instant
later the Barry rammed her nose o"n the
starboard side. As the ships were run
ning at a speed of twenty knots the blow
was tremendous. The Decatur listed
sharply to port and seemed to be in seri
ous distress. From the Mayflower she
appeared to be sinking. The Mayflower's
boats were manned instantly, but were
not lowered, as the Decatur was soon
able to right herself. In a few minutes
she hoisted a signal of "No serious dam
age." Later she steamed alongside the
Mayflower and Lieutenant Chandler re
ported that while his ship had received
a bad bump on the starboard quarter she
was not materially damaged. The injury
was plainly evident from the de,ck of the
Mayflower. The destroyer had been struck
about half way between stern and mid
ship, and a large rent had been made in
her plates. The starboard rail was dam
aged, but otherwise the vessel was, intact.
The Barry, which had struck tho Decatur
a glancing blow, had her bow crumpled
by the collision, but she was not Injured
otherwise. The accident put a sudden
stop to the maneuvers of the destroyer
squadron. The vessels came to an Im
mediate stop, the Bainbridge, Dale and
Chauncey standing by the two in collis
ion. Boats were lowered from two of
them. After a casual examination of the
Injuries to the Barry and Decatur the
boats returned to their vessels. - Admiral
Dewey ordered Lieutenant Ctmndler to
proceed with the five vessels to the' Brook
lyn navy yard, where such repairs as may
be necessary could be made. After the
damage is repaired the squadron will re
join the fleet and continue the summer
maneuvers.
OYSTER BAY. N. Y., Aug. 17.-For
-the first time in thai • history of
the country the President of the
¦¦United States to-day reviewed
The Indians employed In the mines and
on the ranches do not seem in the least
disturbed by their hostile brethren, but
the Mexican proprietors are nevertheless
uneasy, not knowing what plot the In
dians may be hatching. The Yaqui makes
It a practice to accumulate arms and
ammunition and keep them hidden until
an appointed day. when he breaks out in
rebellion. The last insurrection began In
this way and the presence of these hostile
hands in the country always causes great
alarm.
The second band is reported to be much
larger than the first an<! has been operat
ing In the vicinity of Batamote, plunder-
Ing ranches and holding up travelers on
the highway, but as yet no murders are
known to have been committed by this
band. When last seen the Indians were
heading for the Moctezuma district and
great alarm is felt there. The ranchers
are prepared to resist the raiders and a
lively fight is expected when they meet.
Colonel Kostelitzky, who was at Mag
dalena when the first raids were reported.
left immediately with a troop of rurales
to Intercept the raiding bands. As he
was a great distance from tho scene of
the operations of the raiders it is doubt
ful whether he will be able to Intercept
them bofore they have' committed new
depredations and have fled again to the
rough and ragged Sierra Madre. where It
is impossible to run them down.
LOCALES, Ariz., Aug. 17.— Mining men
errivlng at the line and coining from
Minas Prietas report that two TaquI
bands have been committing many dep
redations in that vicinity for the past few
days. One of the bands held up the stage
et Zubiate recently and killed the driver,
•while the second band but recently came
down out of the mountains, encouraged
by the success of the one which pre
ceded It. The Mexican authorities had
relaxed their vigilance after the first raid,
belie\ing that the Indians had retreated
to their hiding places In the mountains,
when the camps at La Colorado. Minas
Prietas and Zubiate were startled by re
ports of new depredations. A trader
named San Jose de Pimas was held up
on the highway near Zubiate by the In
dian?, and when he offered resistance
•was killed by the bloodthirsty savages.
The Indians carried- away everything on
his wagon which they could pack off on
their horsrs. On another raid in the same
vjclnlty two Mexicans were held up by
a- band of Yaquis arid robbed of every
thing of value in their possession. Their
lives were spared only because they, saw
the dancer and offered no resistance to
the Indians.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Settlers Prepare to Resist Marauders
and Battle Is Expected When
the Indians Hake Their
Appearance.
Head for the Moctezuma Dis
. trict With Considerable
Flunder.
Upon being cross-examined they admit
ted that most of the signers to the peTi
tion reside in Colma proper and not In the
outside territory proposed to be incor
porated. Both of the witnesses denied
ahat they were being influenced by pool-
' sellers or gamblers or that they were urg
ing the Incorporation for this class of peo
ple.
John Daley, a large property holder in
the northern portion of the county, asked
the privilege of addressing the board. He
said he had been accused by Supervisor
Eikerenkotter of being behind the scheme
to incorporate Colma and of having well
known gamblers behind him. This, he
claimed, was absolutely false. He de
manded that Eikerenkotter prove his
statements. On account of the question
raised a« to the legality of tl.e petition In
Its present state, the further hearing was
continued to September a.
R. S. Thornton and James Casey, two
of the persons who circulated the peti
tion, made statements aa to the necessity
of incorporation. They said that they are
without any fire protection at the present
time; that a water supply is a necessity,
and that from a sanitary standpoint sew
ers are a necessity. They said they also
need street lights, good streets and side
walks and a police force, some of which
they can have under the present condi
tions.
REDWOOD CITY. Aug. 17.— At this aft
ernoon's sepsion of the Board of Super
visors the Colma incorporation proceed
ings were again taken up, but on account
of objections to the petition not much
progress was made.' H. W. Brown ob
jected to the consideration of certain
names appearing on the petition on the
ground that several of them do not ap
pear on the Great Register of the county,
as the law requires; and ethers which are
signed by a mark were also excepted to.
The petition contains the names of six
ty-four signers. The law requires at least
fifty. Eight of the sixty-lour have witTi
drawn their names and nine others are
objected to as not qualified to be on It.
If the board should rind that the excep
tions are well taken the foundation for
the proceedings will be demolished and
tne scheme to incorporate fall.
As time passes the opponents of Incor
poration gain in strength. Even should
the proceedings pass the board it is now
doubtful whether they will receive the
necessary vote of the people.
The petitioners called as a witness this
afternoon J. George. Smith, the engineer
who made the survey of the proposed
limits of the town. He testified that the
territory comprised about l.Ine square
miles. He admitted on cross-examination
that the greater portion of the proposed
town consisted of farming and garden
lands.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Hostile Reds Inaugurate
Reign of Terror at
Minas Prietas.
Supervi?ors Listen to Protest
Made by Law- Abiding
Citizens.
ject to Incorpora
tion Schema
Residents of Colma Ob-
YAQUIS RAID
RANCHES AND
KILL TRADER
GAMBLERS' PLOT
LIKELY TO FAIL
LIKE A VOICE
FROM THE GRAVE
FIGHTING SHIPS OF THE ATLANTIC
SQUADRON REVIEWED BY PRESIDENT
Supposed Victim of Cus
ter Massacre Writes
Home.
. . . . . . .,_
Magnificent Spectacle Slightly Marred by a Collision Between the
Destroyers Barry and Decatur, in Which Former Has Her Bow
Crumpled— Salute to Comman'der-in-Chief Takes 6300 Guns
Mourned as Dead for Thirty
s Three-Years H9 Turns Up
in Oakland. ' ¦.
AUGUSTA, Me., Aug. 17.-LIke a
voice from the crave came a' letter to
day addressed to Mary Georgle Diplock
of this city, from a brother whom she
and all her relatives had mourned as
killed in the' Custer massacre, of the
Little Big Horn, 33 years ago. It had
been their firm conviction that George
B. Smith, Mrs. Dlplock's ' brother, was
one of the. .brave little band that Sitting
Bull annihilated on that morning. in 1S76-
They knew he was in the army with
Custer and from the date of the massacre
until to-day nothing was ever heard from
him.
The letter received to-day was post
marked Oakland. Cal.. and showed that
the writer. Smith, was the owner of a
valuable stock farm fifteen miles out of
Oakland. He says that it was by the
merest chance that he was not in the
Little Big Horn flght. His company had
been detailed under Gibbons, who went
up the Little Yellowstone, while Custer
and his command started for the Rose
bud. Gibbons' force was near Custer
during the fight, but too far to be of any
service. Smith is now 53 years old.
Body Will Be Shipped to Wisconsin.
SANTA ROSA. Aug. 17.— The body of
former District Attorney "Webber, who
was found dead in his room at the Grand
Hotel Sunday night, will be shipped to
his relatives in Jefferson County. Wis
consin. The funeral services will be held
here Tuesday evening at Elks Hall under
the 7 auspices of the local lodge of Elks.
Numerous other orders will participate.
New England. He expressed himself as
particularly pleased with their fine bear
ing and with the readiness they showed
In learning their duties; and he called
attention to the fact that upon the way
they performed their duties depended the
future efficiency of the United States
navy.
It required two hours for the President
to complete his round of visits and at
the tend of his tour every ship in the
fleet except the destroyers had saluted
him twenty-five times, a total of 6300
guns.
RETURN" TO MAYFLOWEE.
Upon the return of the President to the
Mayflower after his call upon the flag offi
cers, the vessel got under way and
steamed eastward for Feveral miles, com
ing to anchor then in order that the fleet
might pass In review. The vessels of the
fleet weighed anchor and in single col
umn, headed by the Kearsarge. steamed
slowly past the Mayflower. The yards
and rails of every vessel were manned,
the marines were paraded and the bands
played "Hail, Columbia." President
Roosevelt, with his distinguished naval
guests, reviewed the fleet from the May
flower's bridge. All were afforded an ad
mirable opportunity to view the ships, as
many of them passed within one hundred
yards of -the Mayflower. The marines on
the Yankee wore campaign-- hats Instead
of the regulation helmets. Remarking
upon this to Admiral Dewey, the Presi
dent said:
"How much better those marines look
in campaign hats than they do in their
peaked helmets. They ought to wear
them constantly."
Hundreds of pleasure craft of all de
scriptions hovered about the Mayflower
throughout the day, and during the final
review many of them persisted in run
ning between the fleet and the President's
ship. Fearing an accident, the President
ordered that they should be kept away.
A steam barge therefore performed that
duty. Commenting upon the action of
some pleasure boats, tho President said
It was precisely as if one were reviewing
a" regiment with a mob between himself
and tho troops, except that in this in
stance the occupants of the boats were in
the gravest danger.
As a termination of the review lieu
tenant Chandler's squadron of destroyers
passed the Mayflower in flying wedge
formation. The vessels were so close to
each other that ordinary conversation
between any one of them was easy. Soon
after they had passed the Chauncey's
steering gear became disabled and she
was forced to drop out of line tempora
rily. The vessels were re-forming to pass
the reviewing ship as a flying wedge at
full speed when the accident already de
scribed occurred.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 18. 19Q3.
6
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Electro-Chemic
Quick Cures
MR. E. NORDBERG. 1555 Pine Street.
Mr. Nordberg mj«: "After years of suffering
from Catarrh and Rheumatism and after cpend-
li.p * small fortune for doctors and medicines
without any benefit. Electro-Chemlttry has
cured me in les« than a month and the expense
bas been almost nothing when the wonderful
results are considered.
"My rheumatism by weakening ray knees al-
mort Incapacitated me for work, but now 1 can
do mr heavy work aa cable' splicer on the
8utter-*tre*t line without the least Inconveni-
ence. I am glad to recommend this wonderful
new treatment to others and will be glad to
see any one who Is eepecially Interested in my
cure."
(Signed) E. NORDBERG,
1555 Pine Btreet, Ban Francisco, Cal.
CONSULTATION Eri>r-r- «
and fiffr f
X-RAY EXAMINATION ¦ ¦»*-¦-•
Specialties — Consumption, Catarrh.,
Broach! tl«, A»thm>, Cancers, Tumors,
Deafness, Head and Sax Voises, Rheu-
matism, Paralysis, Neuralgia, Piles,
Diseases of the Stomach, Liver, Kid-
neys and Bowels. Special Diseases of
Ktn and ¦Women. All Chronic Diseases.
Electro-Ghemic Institute,
118 O&AHT AVE., COT. Post St.,
8AV TKAIf CISCO.
Separate Apartments for Ladies and
Gtatlezaea*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Jill CARTERS
x Positively cured by these
Uttle Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsii,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eatin j. A per-
j feet remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
' ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tonguo
j Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small PHI. Small Dose.
Small Price-
i I "Kins of cU Bottled Beers.**. .
v BrtiwCTl from Bohemian Hops*
HILBERT MERCANTILE CO..
I Pacific Coast Agents.
PERFECT >
TJsed by people of refinement
¦for over a quarter of a centxxry
PREPARED BY
6 visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
GF AHATOMY?
\ CT^ The Largest Anatomical Museum ia ths \
O t-rfT^~L Wur (i Weaknesses or any cuittracted A
*L jSS 2W disease P«»«**»»«y e«r«a ,, r the oldest V
O IKS* 1 ''P*' 1 *" 51 oa lhe Coast tit 36 years. O
A fl-^jl BR. JOSDAM-DISEASES CF MEN g
\ t {5J(?&!j Con*j!:a:ion trre jr.d Knctly private. \
A I jKV^ Treatment per^ir;.: >¦ or ty letter. A Q
T I T n J'otitn* Curt in every case undertaken. \
' 3f j il h w "tefcr Book. PIIILO«OPnY»f A
i W * jf ll 1 " MARIIIACK. MAILED PRE8. CAT
; A (J H, valuable book (or mm) \
Y OK. JonDA.V A CO.. 1051 Maricct St.."*. F. V
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIB3
NORTHERN
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OP LONDON. ENGLAND. O.\ THE 31ST
day cf December. A. J »., 1902. and for th«
year ending on that day. as made ta the Insur-
I unce Commissioner of the State of California,
pursuant to the provisions of sections oIU anil
I till of the Political Code, cendenaad a* p«r
tlanlc furnished by the Commissioner;
CAPITA!*
Amount of Capital Stock paid up
In Cash I 1.600.000 00
ASSET3.
Real Estate Owned by Company.. $ 2.622.000 83
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 1,21)2.679 13
Cash market value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. 20,921.678 It
Amount of Loans secured by
pledge of Bonds, Stocks and '
other marketable eecurities aa
collateral 8.181.281 23
Cash In Company'* Office 8,73a 67
Caen In Banks 633.770 SI
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 2M.073 04
Premiums in duo Course of Col-
lection 180,043 -M
Bills receivable, not matured.... 83.401 »*
Rents due and accrued 8^027 04
Reversions owned absolutely by
the Company 2,011.768 33
Due from other companies and
from agents 1,259,040 M
Stamps 1.739 S3
Tctal Asset* $32.481.763 49
LIABILITIES. ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid
Lessee in process of adjustment
- or in suspense ..........* ¦$ 491.102 9*
Losses resisted. Including «-
Gross* premiums" on Flr« Risks') '•
running one year or less;
c ;¦ reinsurance 30 per < -
cent iV\iM' " *i°ft»M «•
Cross Premiums on Ftre Risks
running more than one year
x • reinsurance pro rata. J
Liability under L!fs Department.. 21,746.507 W
Cash dividends remaining unpaiJ. 11.047 29
BilU payable 1.0S3 23
All other liabilities 268.343 13
; Tctal liabilities. . : «'•• .'. .$2*.922.S7543
INCOME.
Net cash actually recetv«d tor^ \
Fire premiums • * 4.301,823 ftl
Net cash actually received for Ur» '
premiums • ••••• 1.333.833 .»
Received for Interest and divi-
dend on Bonds. Stocks. Loans.
and from all other sources 1,036.467 63
Received for Rents 63.C69 93
ileceived for sale of Annuities... 33S.133 S3
Total Income $_7.573,638 19
* ; \*' EXPENDITURES.
jCet amount paid fcr Fire Losses
(including $....... lows of pre-
vlous years)....-..--- ••••• I 2.2S3.4M It
-Net amount paid for Lifs losses
Uncludlng $ losses of pre-
vlous years) 1.303.013 71
Dividends to Stockholders... 4S1.36S CO
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage i**V** 731.795 53
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 831.231 43
Paid {or State. National and Local
taxes «.....: 123,303 «
All other payments and expendi-
tures .•• 365.233 83
Total Expenditures S 6.1S2.50S 03
riRE. = T
Losses Incurred during the year. .| 2.351.6S3 33
Risks and Premiums. Fir* Risks. I Premium*,;
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year 51.563.327.047 $4,801,823 93
Net amount of Risks
expired durins the
year l.«7.134,342 4.443.70153
N«t amount in force
December 31. 1002. 1.042.551.365 3.201.210 23
«.,,^, E -^ iUBEARD . Chairman.-
H. E. WILSON. General Manager
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 9th
day of April. 1903.
H, G. BISHOP. Notary Public.!
WESTERN DEPARTMENT, \
Monadnock Block, Chicago. «.';
O. H. LEBMIT, Manager.
SAN FRANCISCO BEANCH 0FPIC3,
230 California Street.
WALTER J. WILSON, Eesident Muawr
AHPEL & BRUCKMAN, City Agents
209 Sansome Street. ¦ -
. "" — t_2i . Selejhoa* flWn 6781.
ADVERTISEMENTS. _
i Old Dutch Library Sets !;
g| Three pieces— table,, desk, and bookcase. ]
H They are made on graceful lines and inlaid in |
1 handsome and rare woods. They are masterpieces in J \
i the art of furniture-making and good enough to claim a
| place in any home in San Francisco.
:| We are going to put special prices on them, for the {
I reason that we need the floor space. It makes an oppor- j
1 tunity for you that don't come every day. The prices: '
|i The Table sold for $ 100.00; is now $80.00
f| The Desk sold for £100.00; is now. . . .$80.00, \
il The Bookcase sold for $60.00; is now. .$42.00 *
Hi You save 558.00 on the set. •
H Ladies' Writing Bookcase £
II Desks '' Desks i
|i Reduced to make room. Reduced to make room.
|S They are made of mahog- No more useful piece of
II any and as handsome desks f urni t ure has ever been J ?
|h as one could ask for. There o _j nn m^ , , \ <
; H are several different styles, made > f& no ™ re , h , an <?- \
II and all of them are the very some ' The material is j
1® latest. It isn't often that quarter-sawed golden oak j
IB you get such bargains as and the designs the very | A
p| these. The prices: latest. The prices: ]
a $40.00 desks are now. $33.00 $35.00 desks are now. $23.00
g $27.50 desks are now. $22.00 $60.00 desks are now.S42.oo
» $100.00 desks are now. $83.00 $125.00 desks are now. $78.00 IPRINCIPALS IN DISBARMENT
PROCEEDINGS BEFORE THE
HONOLULU COURTS.
.More than 150 books on the war In South
Africa have been published. -
Yuba County Will Make an Exhibit.
MARYSVILLE. Aug. 17.-At a meeting
of the Board of Supervisors held' here
this | afternoon it was decided that Yuba
County would assist in providing an ex
hibit ¦ of Northern California 1 products to
too displayed at the World's Fair. .
HELSINGFORS,. Finland, Aug. 17.— A
terrible accident occurred on Lake Tyko-
Jarvi yesterday. The upper deck of a
vessel -conveying people from church col
lapsed and forty persons were drowned
or killed and many others were injured.
¦ ¦ • ¦ — ¦ • ,
Forty Drowned in Finland.
SANTA ROSA, Aug. 17.— The Board of
Supervisors this afternoon disposed of an
electric franchise ' to Burke Corbott of
San Francisco for $100. The territory cov
ered by the franchise leads from,Peta
luma. at, tidewater, through the lands of
the Cota'ti Company, along . the Stony
Point. road to Sebastopol, thence , through
Green Valley to its head at Forestville.
According to the terms of the franchise
work must commence within four months.
The franchise becomes operative within
fifteen days.
San Franciscan Secures Franchise.
At St. Mary's Cathedral Hymn of
Praise Is Intoned by Father
Prendergast.
The solemn "Te Deum" was chanted In
all Catholic churches Sunday morning at
the last mass by order of his Grace Arch
bishop Rlordan In honor of Pope Pius X.
At the 11 o'clock mass at St. Mary's
Cathedral the hymn was intoned by the
Very Rev. J. J. Prendergast and the choir
responded. The sermon at this mass was
preached by Archbishop Montgomery. He
took for his subject, "Render Unto God
Your Reasonable Service." •
TE DEUM ORDERED SUNG
IN HONOR OF POPE PIUS
Unidentified Man Drowned.
Th«-- body of an unMemfrtoi drowned
man was found floating in ihe bay yester
day morning a quarter of a mile from the
I <om bard -street pier by Davic". Crowley in
his laun?h Recruit. The body had been
In the water so long that the- face wag
decomposed and unrecognizable. The coat
and vest were missing, the trousers were
black, the underwear white, and there
was a black gaiter on one foot A pearl
?>andled pocketknife and two k»ys were
found in the pockets. The body must
have been !n the water two or three
Tveeke.
ter«sterl in this case and were therefore dis
qualified, and I wish this spread on the rec
ords.
Davis persisted in asking that the ex
ception be allowed him. but the court did
not grant his request and simply replied
that the exception had been entered.
None of the other men concerned in the
decision of the court spake or In any way
addressed the court,, which adjourned
without further delay.
Two of the trustees under the will of
the late James Campbell filed affidavits
yesterday to have Geor^ A. Davis re
moved as guardian of the minor Campbell
children. They afe Cecil Brown and Mrs.
Campbell-Parker. Brown charges that
the appointment of Davis was of Davis'
seeking and was with the hope that he
might involve the estate in litigation and
get large fees. A motion to have him re
moved is based upon the affidavits. Davis
began litigation on behalf of the minor
children in a suit involving rights to a
hotel property at San Jose. The appoint
ment of Davis as guardian was made by
Judge Gear, a former law partner of Da
vis, and without the knowledge of any of
the trustees of the estate, who were ap
pointed under the will of the late James
Campbell.
California Title Insurance and Trust
Company Gets Unanimous Vote
cf Stockholders to Expand.
At a meeting of the stockholders of the
California Title Insurance and Trust
Company hold yesterday it was unani
mously voted to increase the capital stock
rf th*> corporation to $1,000,000 from $250,000.
It was also voted to issue $250,000 of the
MW stock at once, giving the company
E506JD00 paid up stock. All this new issue
cf $250,000 was taken and paid for by the
old PtockhrjJden=, none of it being sold
to outriders. The $1,000,000 worth of stork
cf the company will be divided into 10,000
chares of the par value of $100 each.
INCREASES ITS CAPITAL
TO A MILLION DOLLARS
Sanitary Inspectors Commence Cam
paign for the Destruction of
the Mosquito Family.
HONOLULU, August 17.— The Board of
Health has inaugurated a campaign
against the mosquito. All the sanitary
Inspectors in Honolulu, of whom there
are fifteen or twenty, have been instruct
ed to fill in such breeding places as they
may find upon their daily rounds. This is
but the beginning of j a campaign which
will include liberal doses; of kerosene to
ponds with other means *k exterminating
the pests. The generally accepted theory
that the mosquito is responsible for the
spread of the dengue fever is the cause
of this activity on the part of th© Board
of Health.
There Is to be a meeting of the mem
bers of the board very soon with real
estate men, property owners and others
who are- Interested in the extermination
of the mosquito in Honolulu. That the
little pest is not a valuable asset toi the
city, whether it spreads dengue or not,
is everywhere recognized. As an active
tourist campaign is -now being inaugur
ated throughout 'the States, the mer
chants are somewhat sensitive as to any
mention of the existence of mosquitoes in
Honolulu, though the pests are known to
have increased enormously In recent
years. -&'. .;
Professor George H. Rowe to Be an
Instructor in the Department of
Electrical Engineering.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Aug. 17.-
The appointment of George H. Rowe to
the position of associate professor In the
department of electrical engineering was
announced to-day. The new member of
the Stanford faculty was called by Dr.
Jordan from the University of Colorado,
where for the past eight years he has
served as dcari of/ the School of Applied
Science and professor of electrical en
gineering. His addition to the Stanford
department will be an important one, as
he has had wide practical as well as the
oretical training in his profession. He is
a graduate of the University of Michigan
with the degree of B. S., 1891. At that in
stitution he served as assistant in physics
and Instructor In electrical engineering
for two years, and. in 1S92 went abroad to
inspect the • famous laboratories of Eu
rope. The following year he was appoint
ed to the chair of physics in the Univer
sity of Colorado and to the chair of elec
trical engineering there in 1895. Upon the
death of Dean Fulton of the department
of applied science ; at the same univer
sity Professor Rowe was promoted to
that position, which he retained until his
present appointment, at Stanford.
H'ONOLULU, Aug. 11.— In the four
disbarment cases that were de
cided yesterday by the Supreme
Court the judgments and com
ments of the Supreme Justices
fell heavily on the lawyers accused of en
riching themselves at the expense of aged
John K. Sumner. The decisions were:
A. S. Humphreys, disbarred; George A.
Davis, disbarred; Frank E. Thompson,
suspended for one year; J. Alfred Ma
goon, complaint discharged.
The decision of the court was an
nounced by Chief Justice Frear, Associate
Justice Galbraith dissenting in each case.
The charge against A. S. Humphreys
and F. E. Thompson was principally that
of having represented at the same time
adverse interests, and having "procured
themselves" to be Sumnef's attorneys
and accepted unduly large fees from him.
Against George A. Davis the main origi
nal accusation was that of having forced
the old man to pay him $2000 under threat
of tying up his fortune again, on a prom
issory note for $3000, which Davis is al
leged to have secured without considera
tion, though other matters were brought
up during the hearing. J. A. Magoon was
declared to have overcharged when he se
cured a fee of $4000 and to have concealed
from the court and opposing counsel the
existence of a trust deed to R. W. Davis,
which would have been an important ele
ment in the case of Ropert vs. Sumner.
The decisions were not read in full.
Chief Justice Frear and Associate Justice
Galbraith took the bench without Justice
Perry, who has been confined to his homo
for several days by illness. The Judg
ments of the court were quietly an
nounced, amid breathless silence.
In the Humphreys and Thompson case
the opinion Is by Chief Justice Frear. It
is very severe in its comment upon the
conduct and testimony of respondent
Humphreys and it Bays both went to a
"length deserving of severe censure" in
their argument in defense. Galbralth's
opinion Is equally severe, upon Magoon,
but he says that he does not concur "in
finding that the respondents were guilty
of professional misconduct and impro
priety," though not convinced that the
respondents can be properly charged with
turpitude for so doing. Galbralth says In
conclusion that in his opinion the judg
ment against Thompson is unnecessarily
• severe and the judgment against Hum
. phreys is not Justified by the law or the
evidence.
The syllabus in the Magoon case was as
follows:
' "An attorney should not be punished
quasi-criminally in a proceeding for dis
barment or suspension Instituted by the
Attorney General for charging his client
a fee which the court deems excessive,
even though the client is an aged man of
: weak mind and easily influenced, when it
appears that the client is satisfied that
the attorney acted honorably and in good
faith, that he did not use threats or other
¦ improper methods to induce the payment
of the fee and that there is fair ground
for a difference of opinion as to the rea
sonableness of the fee."
Judgo George A. Davis was the only
man to speak. The instant that the court
had announced its decisions he arose,
walked to the clerk's desk and said:
Your Honor, I desire to take an appeal to
the Supreme Court of the United States. I
suppose that the only way 1 can bring It ud
is by a writ of error. I ask that you will al
lotf me an appca!.
"That is a matter for consideration,"
replied the Chief Justice, after a mo
ment's consultation with Associate Jus
tice Galbraith. "And it will be consid
ered when the writ is filed."
Davis then continued:
I desire to file an exception to the decision
of the court on the ground that the decision
is contrary to the evidence. It is a cruel and
unusual punishment and contrary to the pur
pose of the constitution of the United States.
to deprive me of my constitutional rights in
this manner.
Davis took his seat, but an instant
later had stepped forward and was ad
dressing the court:
I wish, further, to except to the decision of
the court on the grounds that your Honor,
Chief Justice Frear, was disqualified from sit
ting in this case. You were a trustee of th«
bondholders of the Oahu Railway and Land
Company, and as such you were indirectly in
i-K..H"I"H"H"H"H"H IJI-M I I M-I.+
HONOLULU HEALTH BOARD
TO EXTERMINATE PESTS
NEW MEMBER OF STANFORD
FACULTY IS ANNOUNCED
Dan Henry Osborn. a clerk, 23 yean
old. died from an overdose of morphine
last Sunday night in the Oce^n Cottage,
<<n the ocean boulevard. He came to this
city from I'klah about two weeks ago
and took a room fit the cottage. On
Sunday evening he appeared to be in ex
«--e!!em spirits and retired at 10 o'clock.
When the landlady came to waken h'm
yesterday morning she found him dead.
Osborn worked for a whiie in Hale
Brothers' store in this city as a c'.erk,
but had been out of employment for
some time. Deputy Coroner Michael
Brown ascertained that Osborn was a
morphine eater. A small pasteboard box
containing a quantity of that drug was
found in the room.
MORPHINE EATER TAKES
TOO MUCH AND DIES
Young Clerk Retires in Excellent
Spirits and Passes Away Dur
ing the Night.
The annual outing of St. Patrick's par
ish will take place Admission day, Sep
tember S. at Fairfax Park.
The committee in charge of the affair
has been working hard to make the picnic
a great success, and it has arranged an
entertaining programme.
There will be Irish pipers and fiddlers
on hand to furnish the music for those
who compete in the jigs and reels.
The following committees are in charge
of the picnic:
J. Smith, chairman: Eugene F. Lacy, secre
tary: Rev. T. J. CummlngB, treasurer; Rev.
Fattier Horan. master of ceremonies.
Committee of arrangements— Thomas O'Brien,
J. Coffeo. T. Cleary. J. Downey. William T
Flynn. Kupene F. Lacy, Harry Landervllle.
William OI>ea. M. Frlel. J. Dougherty Mar
tin Lacc-y, James Barry. John Hughes. P.
Prunty. J. Denmeny, John O'Brien. James
Hughes, F. Sullivan, James I^arney. Maurice
r-orririan. William Fitzgerald. M. Brown. Miss
K. Cantweil. Mary Klndergan, Kate McDer
mott. Mary McDermott. Mary Radelin, Annie
Finney. Kate Connell. Nellie O'Brien, Nellie
Pheehy. Lillian Hughes, Genevieve Sullivan
Lillian Byrne.
Reception committee — John Cronin. J McDev
itt. William Conners, David Barry, John Rove
G. Doherty. Jerry O'Leary, Ignatius Kerr, Ed
ward McCarthy, Thomas Trodden, J Regan
Waiter Ceuphlan, P. Mulcare. Mary Neyland'
Marsuorite Repan, Mrs. T. U Sullivan Mr?
B. Doherty. Kittle Hogan, Kittle Woods. Marie
Regan. Annie McAuIiffe, Nome Sullivan, Ger
ti*> McCarthy, Jennie Glynn, Kate Fuller
Agatha Glover. Ella Neyland, Mrs. J. Hughes'
Printing— J. O'Brien, James Barry J Dow
noy, J. Hughes. William T. Flynn.
Press and publishing— W. O'Day, William T
Flynn. Eugene F. Lacy.
Music— J. Ccftee, Thomas O'Brien. J.
O Brien, J. Hughes.
Committees in Charge Are Working
Hard for the Great Parish
Event.
SUCCESS OF ST. PATRICK'S
PICNIC IS NOW ASSURED
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST IS, 1903.
7
In Rendering Judgment of Disbarment Against Former Judge
andHis Fellow Defendant, Geo. A. Davis, Head of Supreme
Court Declares That Actions of Both Men Deserve . Censure
CHIEF JUSTICE FREAR OF HONOLULU
SCORES CONDUCT OF A. S. HUMPHREYS
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Highly artistic in appearance and appropriate in any
library, large or small. You can add to the space as
your books increase in number. Absolutely dust-proof
and easily moved without disturbing the books.
Probably the most important advantages over other
sectional bookcases are the non-binding, self receding
doors, which work automatically, and the perfect fitting
of the different sections, which can be put into place or
removed without exertion — they positively do not bind.
A pressed steel band joins one section to another and
adds much to the appearance of the case as well as giving
it strength. r •'
The expense of beginning is very small. You can
choose from crolden oak and weathered o?.k — they are
priced alike.
Here are the prices.
Top. ornamental section, $.2.55.
Base section. $2.50.
Book sections as follows: | .
8 inches deep by ojj inches high. $3.45.-
8 inches deep by 11 inches high $3.75,
9V 2 inches deep by io!i inches high. $375-
9^2 inches deep by i2'/i inches high. $4.35.
\2 inches deep by 13} i inches high. $5.25.
The above are inside measurements.
(Successors to California Furniture Co.)
957 to 977 Market Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue.
ADVEBTISEMBNTS.
DR. CHARLES FLESH FOOD
Fop the Form and Complexion.
wa&P «*>* fuIIy used br lead ~
/BSy TflSf <Cff ' ctress e«. aing-
K^Ses ftSn '" ancl * cmea 0'
Bftji? •* iW fashion for mor«
YSS •*• r than 25 ye«rs.
\S *"f*r Wherever applied it
zJ '• instantly absorbed
as *\ through the pores of
JW A the ekln, and its
Sr V -wonderful nutrition
f V" feeds the wasting
fcjxla J Removing Pimple3
\rtU^\^ . V As lf by magic, on*
I < K?W«*. \a application often
TCM. vC-T* ehowlng a remark.
*'^("'|5jyi7 able improvement.
DR. CHARLES FLESH FOOD Is pcttiltively
the only preparation known to medical icienc»
that will round out hollows In the neck and
produce firm, healthy flesh en thin cneeka.
arms and hands.
70S DEVELOPING ?HE BUST
Or breasts shrunken from nursing it has the
highest indorsement of physicians. Two boxes
are 'often suf Orient to make the bust Arm.
large and beautiful.
SOLD "BY THE EMPORIUM AND OTHER
DEPARTMENT STORE3 AND DRUGGISTS.
Regular price. $1.00 a box. but to all who
take advantage of this SPECIAL OFFER and
send us one dollar we will send two (2) boxes,
in plain wrapper. »
Fnpn — A sample box and our book.
KDC "ART OF MASSAGE." fully il-
lustrated, will be sent free to any lady sending
10 cents to pay for cost of mailing. Address
DR. CHARLES CO.. 19 Park Plan, Niw Tori.
Palaro DON'T FAIL TO
¦ I alaWW see the beautiful
- COURT Lounging
5111/1 room, the EMPIRE
C111U PARLOR, the
r + PALM ROOM, the
' l.r/lfifl LOUIS XV PAR.
UiailU LOR, and the LA-
U a t DIES' WRITING
Hotels room
A P V. K **•'*' mK^TTRTTTfl-
IWU^1rMflaAWff1ffSTS^WW* B> * w » ai^nHII^
IGEvery* tottle o£ I
' til
fSB IBS fei jA I J
ueKibbon I
is backed by sixty years I
of practical brewing ex- I
penence. Perfect I
brewing and perfect botr I
I tlmg have built tke high 1
I reputation, of Pabst I
I Beer\ and given it en- §
I • 1 1 V -I H
1 viable prestige wherev I
I er beer is used* Pabst I
I Deer is always pure. 1
U Orders filled by H
w Thomas W. Collins & Co., Telephone Grant 149. |j
AMUSEMENTS.
Heeley and Meely; Bosie Rendel;
John Le Clair; Seeley and West;
Lew Hawkins; Sidney Wilxner and
Company; Miss Wynne Winslow;
The Great Kaufmann Troupe; The
Biograph and Last Week of
ELFIE FAY,
'The Craziest Soubrette on ths Americas
Stage."
Reserved Seats. 25c: Balcony. 10c; Box Seats
and Opera Chairs. 50c.
TIVOLISo^
TO-NTGHT and all this week.
SATURDAY MATINEB.
In Response to the. General Demand.
CAMILLC D MRV/ILLC
Will Continue in DeKoven's Great Comla
Opera,
THE HIGHWAYMAN.
The cast la a special one throughout!
EDWIN STEVENS as FOXY QUILLER.
Arthur Cunningham. Ferris Hartman. Ed-
ward Webb. Annie Myers. Marie Welsh, Aimea
Leicester and the entire Tivoii company.
Magnificent music and many a laugh!
The Grand Opera Season Will Open 01
MONDAY, August SI.
POPULAR PRICES 23c. 80c. 73«
Telephone — Bush 9.
¦"™" " """' Proprietcrs.
Market St., near Eighth. Phone- South 333.
TO-NIGHT— ALL. THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAT.
Magnificent Production of the Great Civil War
Drama.
"CUMBERLAND '61"
GORGEOUS SCENERY*.
SPLENDID STAGE EFFECTS!
BIULLIAXT CAST!
SPECIAL, WELCOME TO THE GRAND
ARMY!
nnirCC Evenings 10c to 5Oo
raited Matinees 10c. 13c. 23o
Aug. 24. Alexander Dumas" Masterpiece.
CAMILLE.
|fAUrORNl7\
UWeleom? to the nation's 5BB&
heroes to-night. In honor of J %
the visiting veterans of th«
__ Grand Army, the remarkable _ _
YS NeUl-Moro«co Company will ?A
*• present the. treat war play,
.^A "Shenandoah." Most brtl-
A ' vr llant military spectacle ever * JV '
O <» seen on the stage; 200 regw- is
•* A ' lar soldier* In the marvelous «fcv
battle scene. ° Prices.- 23c. 30c.
76c. Bargain matine« Than-
fffPl day. 25c and 60c. Next— p«
III "Mrs. Dane's Defense." tg
IIheatru
GRANDS^
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
LAST TWO WEEKS
OF THE SEASON.
RAYMOND AND CAVERLY
And Our Superb Eastern Company.
In the Delightful Musical Eccentricity.
"IN HARVARD"
Next Saturday University of California
night. Ha! Ha! Ha! Cal-1-for-nl-a— U. C—
Berkeley. Zip— Boom — Ah!
PRICES— 25c. 60c. 7Sc.
Five Baby Lions in the Zoo.
A GREAT SHOW EVERY AFTERNOON
AND EVENING IN THE THEATER.
• Inspect "CABARET DE LA MORT."
VISIT THE POUND AND ONE-HALF BABt
IN THE INFANT INCUBATOR. ,
THREE BABY TIGERS IN THE ZOO.
AMATEUK HIQET THTJRSDAT.
— -—ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN, So— .
Visit the
"Mystic Mirror Maze."
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
ADVZBTISEMENTS.
I Restore Strength
Thousands of men are mere pygmies of
what nature intended them, backward,
mKB^^L ovw-seneltlv*. fearing to venture, delicate,
BEK9 rfi easily discouraged, short of breath, weak-
tjgfjSf +\ nerved, lacklnp in grit, the "fand 1 ' which
MflL'f" *r !« the powsslon of vigorous manhood.
\Tv* A Th»y n»fil Electricity, which is animal vi-
P \V^" / tality. It is the foundation of all vigor.
/ VjL It is the fuel to the engine which runs the
A *VSG6»i. human machine. Electricity, as I apply
vfiaEKB^. "' ' F a (l0Urce °' new life to all parts of
e^^* r^SkNI^& Dr - McLauShlln's Electric Belt
ftfflHR^-^lEa G?&tr7\ n*strvr«?s the *nap. th* vim and vigor of
*f^3\r*5iqi!CB3APfiFtf9 \\ south. Any man who w^ars it can be a
./ 11 riant in mental and physical development.
fcjt^JUlWf'SaraK- ,\ M«t., are you weak, have you pains in the
-sJVwj^EK^^^ M back * varicf)ci>^. weak stomach, constlpa-
iTN>yvv2EDK2%»*rSr \*S Js f S / \* tlnn> lun-iharo. rheumatism, enlarged pros-
tat * * lan(J . °r any of the rexults of c-arly
*~fil>J-^.>ttWua£^ mistakes, excesses, or overwork 7 My
/ lS-~J3*5»' J&StrTZZ' — method of applying El*ctrl<-ity while you
r~fjTPJ?3t& I ' JOftS Fl " cp at nieht wi " cur< * J' ou - *t fill" the
T/Z^y^^it^VV Nv^ READ THIS EVIDENCE:
LzD A^fiJ] j\\\\\ \ >v The nervous weakness I complained
/ y^Sv77 // 1 V\ W \. \ of the Iast clx or 6ev «n months has en-
*^V (% £*rf/f illLW v\' V tlrely eone. Vour Belt cured me in two
rVWlfcT ' fff \\\ >. months. The Belt hes also done wonders
Y^TiZ?' Ill fGr tny 8Cn> who had a bad Cttse of rheu-
R*24 "I » matism. Since rr.y cure I have praised
>*^SJfc your Belt • to many doctors an - well as
others, and will continue to do so.
Yours sincerely.
H. W. YOUNG. Fort Harford, qal.
I h*4 been fruffering 1 for over ten years from nervous exhaustion and great
weakness of vital force, and had tried all kinds of medicines and many doctors
without relief when I commenced the use of your Belt, bnt sixty days after doing
so I was completely cured. OWEN ORR. Garvanza, Cal.
For tw«nty years I hav« studied Electricity as applied to the upbuilding of manly
strength, und my method of treatment, now tried and successful. Is the result of my
ctudy and experience
Electricity is life to the weak parti and to the nerves of the body. They can-
not live without it. Get back the power and make yourself a man among men.
WRITE TO-DAY FOR MY FREE ILLUSTRATED BOOK AND FULL INFORMATION.
Dr. Mclaughlin's book Is published for free distribution to those Interested !n
th* development of vigorous health In men and women. It is profusely Illustrated
and <3«ecribes my method of treatment and appliances. Sent sealed free on request.
Send for it to-day.
Dr. M. C. McLaughlir!, 908^™^
¦ Offle* Hoars— 8 «. ra. to 8. p. rv: Sundays, 10 to L
! AMUSEMENTS.
ftAH BIHflDIA sah fra.iciscq'3
Powell Street. Near Market.
EVERT NIGHT EXCEPT SUNDAT.
MATINEP TO-MORROW.
HENRr MjLLER
MARGARET AIMGLliM
In Georee Bernard Shaw's
THE DEVIL/S DISCIPLE
Next Monday— THE TAMING OF HELEN
Seat Sale Opens Thursday.
ALCAZAR^HC"
_ Gen. Mrr.
TO-NIGHT— GRAND ARMT WEEK.
SENSATIONAL. SUCCESS OF
Belasca & Mayer's first local production of
the famous rural comedy,
THE DAIRY, FARM.
With a great cast, including comedians iden-
tified with over 1000 Eastern performances of
this quaint play.
IT IS AGLOW WITH HUMOH
And depicts American country life before
the Civil War. Exquisite effects.
COAST TOUR TO FOLLOW.
Evg., 25c to 75c; Mat. Thur. & SaL. 15c to 50c
MONDAY. Aug. 31— Special season of
FLORENCE ROBERTS
In THE UNWELCOME MRS. HATCH.
THE UNION FOREVER.
And We Are Giving the Best Shows Forever.
QUO VASS ISS
And
THE BIG LITTLE PRINCESS
The Very Funniest Burlesque Ever Seen.
Our "All-Star" Cast. Including
KOLB & DILL.
BARNEY BERNARD.
W1NFIELD BLAKE,
HARRY HERMSEN.
MAUDE AMBER.
ELEANOR JENKINS.
ETC.. ETC., ETC.
Reserved Seats — Nights. 25c, 50c and 75c:
Saturday and Sunday Matinees. 25c and 50c;
Children at Matinee*. 10c and 25c.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
The 6. A. R. Veterans of Georgia and
V. V. F. A. of San Francisco
WILL PLAT
...BASEBALL...
WEDNESDAY. August 19. at 3 o'clock p. m..
at National Baseball grounds, corner Ninth
and Bryant sts. General admlulon. 23 cents
to all parts of the (rounds.
BAY EXCURSIONS.
The C. A. McNeili Launch Company will
run excursions on the bay during th. G. A.
R. encampment. Launches will leave Clay-
street float every hour, commencing at 10 a.
m. each day. visiting all the Interesting points
on the bay.
A BEAUTIFUL TRIP. FARE 25 CENTS.
Also Special Parties Conducted.
THE C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.
Just North of Ferry Building. Clay-st. Float.
I Phone Bush 534.
THE WAY WE DO IT
In the line of washing,- starching:,
ironing and generally - laundering
men's linen seems to have caught the
fancy of our male patrons. No reason
in the world why we cannot please
husband, father, son . and bachelor
with our manner of "doing up" their
washable belongings. • Your patronage
is solicited. . .'' -: r -"
No saw edges._
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
OPriCE 1004 KABKET STREET,
Aear Powell. ,Langley, the airship sharp, has decided that he will
take himself and his device far from the interference
of anxious and skeptical worldlings, particularly re
porters. This action on the part of Langley appears
to be the best thing he has done. It bears evidence
of an intelligence which breeds hope for the perform
ance of better things.
GORMAN IS SMOOTH
A traveler from Mexico was refused landing at this
port a few days ago on the ground that he exhibited
unmistakable marks of consumption. He explained
that his deplorable condition was due to fever and
the use of cigarettes. He submitted too much evi
dence. Had he simply pleaded the use of cigarettes
any evident disaster to his*constitution would have
been accepted as a result.
The gamblers who, in seeking an incorporation of
Colma, tried to tax the inmates of the ghostly pre
cincts of graveyards possibly saw no incongruity in
the proceeding, fortified as they are in their experi
ence in preying upon the living. The man who will
accept the bait and play a gambler's game has as
much chance as if he were dead.
Governor Taft, it is said, will be chosen Secretary
of War by President Roosevelt upon the retirement
of Secretary Root. It is evident therefore that some
times men who have rendered distinguished service
in the cause of republics are rewarded with other
than public clamor and official neglect. Governor
Taft has won his promotion.
To Americans the racial disturbances in the
Balkans have at least one feature of consolation. We
are likely to hear less of Castro for a while, and the
European powers will concern themselves with the
difficulties of their own Monroe doctrine, involved in
the vague . international theory of the balance of
power.
£->ENATOR INGALLS once said of Senator
Allison that if he were shod with wooden clogs
and made to run at full speed over the marble
floor of the corridors of the Capitol he would make
the race from one end of the building to the other
without making a sound loud enough to attract the
attention of any one in the building. As a Presiden
tial candidate Senator Gorman evidently intends to
make a similar record. Since his return from Eu
rope his course has been as smooth as the flow of
molasses, and every word he has uttered could be
easily worked 'up into taffy for any faction of the
Democratic party that happens to need it. s \
After the downright Cleveland and the aggressive
and uncompromising Bryan, Democracy feels the
need of a bland gentleman of quiet ways and easy
politics, and hence it is not surprising to learn that
from one end of the country to the other the fac
tion leaders are turning to Gorman with something
like a spontaneity of movement. It may be of course
that the movement is not spontaneous, for Gorman
is quite capable of working his machine without
showing the wires, but nevertheless it seems spon
taneous, for it starts equally'lrom every quarter of
the camp and tends to the common center like -a
ilock of startled &L.cc# running to ' t&e bell wether.
Her brand-new hat
Is round and flat—
. A parasol
¦ When subeams fall.
\ J
And in the rain
' VShe can't complain;
It answers well
As an umbrell:
—Washington Star.
Senator "Joe" Hawley has a collection
of dog stories, any one of which* wins
friends and votes.
He _ was taking a constitutional In a
Western New York village on a^pleasant
summer's day. While passing a cottage
he was approa'cbed by its tenant, who
looked like a panhandler.
: "Can't you help me, sir?" said the man.
"Why! You can't need anything," re
turned the Senator. "You have' Tour or
five dogs around the* place, my man."
"That's true, sir," was the reply, "but
I can't compel my family to cat dogs."—
Uew .York Times.
The great college president was slow to
speak. But at length the attacks • upon
the modern system of education becoming
more virulent, he raised his voice. "The
Insinuation," he declared indignantly,
"that the students who make brilliant
records at their books do so at the ex
pense of their/ athletic standing, is false
and wholly unwarranted."— Puck. «
Wederly — Because a woman never
acknowledges the corn, no matter in what
condition her husband finds his razor.—
Chicago News.
* Singleton— Who Invented the phrase, "I
acknowledge the corn?"
Wederly— I can't recall the man's name.
Slngleton-^-But how do you know it was
a man?
Dangerous Experiment.— A man in
Rooks County .was kicked by a mule and
knocked unconscious while trying to feed
his mules In a new way. He says that the
first thing he heard when he regained his
senses was his wife saying: "Well, I'll
thank God when he can't find any new
experiments to try on them mules." —
Kansas City Journal.
A beautiful lady named Psyche
Is loved by a fellow named Yche.
One thins about Yck
The lady can't lych
Is his beard,* which is dreadfully spyche.
— Answers;
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 17.— Arrivals:
New Wlllard— W. N. Ke.'ley, San Fran
cisco; Raleigh— A. Crosby and wife, H. C.
Scaertz, Miss W. T. Holland, S. H. Mead
and wife, San Francisco.
Californians in* Washington.
Special Information supplied, dally to
business bouses and public men by tb»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Call,
fornla street. Telephone Main 1043. *
TACOXIA, Wash.. Aus. 17. — Players of th*
disbanded Tacoir.a Baseball Club are still in
town, though several have received offers
from various places. The club has decided It
will not play any exhibition games. The of
ficers are making arrangements to pay the
stockholders what may be coming to them.
Townsend's California Klace fruits und
candles, 60c a pound. In artlstlo f!r«—
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends, 715 Market st.. a bore Call bids. •
Look out for SI Fourth (front of barber,
grocer) ; best eyeglasses, specs. 13c to 50c. •
ship or section, a proportionate amottnt la
charged.
NEW YORK, Aug. 17.— The following
Californians are in New York: San
Francisco— J. K. Adams, at Herald
Square; O. Barkman, at Broadway Cen
tral; Mrs. M. Blaney, at St. Denis; Miss
N. Caskin. C. J. Heggerty, R. H. Swayne,
P. S. Teller and wife, at Imperial; N. A.
Dorn and wife, S. Smith and wife, at Hol
land; W. 11. Faull. at Grand Union; Mrs.
E. J. Graty, at Grand; P. J. Hammer
stein, at Union Square; O. Kendrick, at
Astor; B. N. Lasalle. J. P. Wilson, at
Winsonia; Mrs. M. Peterson, J. S.
Schweizer, at Ashland; A. B. Swinton, at
Grenoble. H. E. Yates, at Navarre.
Los Angeles— A. F. Crank, A. B. Smith,
W. E. Smith, at Imperial; Miss H. Elder,
A. C. F. Elder, at St. Denis; J..D. Fen
nessy, at Marlborough; E. A. Kalchheim,,
C. W. Pendleton, at Herald Square; F.
McG. Kelly, at Broadway Central. •
San Rafael— Mrs. McMahon, at Park
Avenue.
Californians in New York.
On the first of September the Railroad
Commissioners will move their offices to
the ferry building where headquarters
are being prepared for them.
For many years the Railroad Commis
sioners have had offices in the Chroni
cle building, but actuated by motives of
economy the board recently decided to
move to the ferry building, where no
rent will be charged.
Give Up Offices in Chronicle Build
ing, Being Actuated by Mo
tives of Economy.
RAIXROAD COMMISSIONERS
KOVE TO FERRY BUILDING
PUBLIC LANDS— Settler. Eureka. Cal.
The United States Government does not
issue a general map showing what are
'public untaken lands. Officers in the
United States land offices are authorized
by law to furnish plats or diagrams
showing what lands are vacant and what
lands are taken. Parties writing for num
bers, dates, descriptions, etc., of several
tracts can obtain this information by or
dering plats from the local- officers. The
Government charges are: For plat show
ing what land is public and what entered.
51; showing entries and names of claim
ants, $2*. showing entries, names, num
bers and character of land. $3; showlnff
entries, names, numbers, character, date
of entry, together with topography, $1.
For plat or diagram of a part of a town-
LONGEVITY— S. W., Wrights Station.
Cal. The Medical Record is authority
for the statement that married people live
longer than single ones; that those who
work hard live longer than those who
do not. and that longevity Is greater
among civilized than uncivilized people:
also that people of large physique live
longer than those of small physique, but
that those of medium build outlive both.
In these days of organization one cannot say that
such a wheat trust is impossible. It must include the
.growers of the United States, Canada, the Argen
tine, India and Russia, for they are the principal
producers. But there are many substitutes for
wheat. If the trust make it too dear the people will
eat corn, rye and barley bread and more oats. This
resort to substitutes might defeat the trust, unless
it could include them in its control. To succeed in
such a highly artificial control of the price of the
breadstuffs of the world will require more than the
genius of Rockefeller, who had one product, limited
in its supply, and of universal demand, to deal with.
How can the wheat trust be capitalized and made
international? What will be its* attitude toward
producers who are not in it? How can it set aside
successfully the law of supply and demand, which is
most stubborn in its control of the products of ag
riculture? How can it realize and get into one con
trol all the revenues of the wheat trade, the money
paid for it and make proper distribution to the pro
ducers? All these questions will have to be answered
in laying the plans for the gigantic structure it is
proposed to found on the wheat farms of the world.
Perhaps it is intended to stop short of a capital
ized trust by a universal agreement to limit produc
tion, and, by cutting the supply while the demand re
mains, affect prices. This would mean a respectful
salute to the law of supply and demand, though the
supply would be shortened artificially.
Such a scheme has been so long in the air that it
is entirely probable that it will be tried. If it suc
ceeds the world will soon see the last of free pro
duction in the foodstuffs, and also in the clothing
fibers. If wheat can be absolutely controlled by ar
tifice, every necessary of life can be controlled also,
and the trusts which will do it, composed of the ag
ricultural classes of the world, will make the pres
ent jndustrial trusts look like the proverbial thirty
cents. -, .
WHEAT corners have always failed. Some
times their projectors have made profit out
of them by timely unloading, but more
often they have proved the ruin of those attempting to
intercept the grain in transit from producer to con-
I he news comes from Warsaw that ?. new thing
may be expected in wheat. It is said that 38,000
American fanners hav» proposed to Russia a uni
versal wheat trust, to intlude all of the wheat-raisers
in the world and to fix a minimum price for all
wheat. A few years ago a similar proposition came
from Russia, but fixing the price was to be by
agreement between the Governments of the wheat
raising nations, just as it is now proposed to agree
upon a ratio between gold and silver, except that
the metal ratio is to be that upon which the agreeing
nations will coin it, while the price of wheat will not
be for the Governments, which do not eat it, but for
the people, who do.
A WHEAT TRUST
THE BALDWIN THEATER—Theater
goer, City. What was known as th<5
Baldwin Theater was opened March S.
1S76, as Baldwin's Academy of Music by
Thomas Maguire as proprietor. The open
ing piece was "Richard III." with Barry
Sullivan as the Duke of Gloster and
Louise Hawthorne as Queen Elizabeth.
Judge Henry C. Ide of the Philippine
Commission is at the Palace. He has
just returned from Vermont, where he
went for a short stay on account of his
health. The climate of Manila did not
agree with him and he was granted a
leave of absence. He will sail for the
Philippines in September.
A. S. Wi'cox, the well known planter
of Honolulu, arrived here yesterday, ac
companied by his family, and is at the
Occidental.
Frank Golden, who recently struck a
rich mine at Tonopah, is down from Ne
vada and is retristered at the Lick.
Ex-Judge J. M. Mannon of Ukiah is
spending a few days at the Lick accom
panied by his wife.
Robert de Rothschild of Paris is at the
Grand.
Judge A. S. Hartwell of Honolulu is
at the Occidental.
Rev. Father Guerin of Sononfe is a
guest at the California.
H. D. Porter, a well known resident of
Woodland, is at the Palace.
Hon. H. Gibbs and family, who are
touring the world, are at the Grand.
Lieutenant Governor Alden Anderson is
at the Grand, accompanied by his wife.
Judge William Vanderhurst of Salinas
is among the arrivals at the Occidental.
Colonel George C. Cook, the well known
band leader of Denver, is at the Cali
fornia.
PERSONAL MENTION.
A FLUSH— Two Subscribers. City. A
fiush. which is five cards of the same suit.
not In sequence, beats a straight. If more
than one player holds a flush the one con
taining the highest card wins: if the high
est cards tie the next highest card wins,
and so on.
efe -Tj^^e edit
TUESDAY AUGUST 18, 1903
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
tctret* AM Communications to W. S. LEAKE. /Aanager.
TELEPHONE.
Aek for THE CAT.L, The Operator Will Connect
Tou With the Department You Wish.
PCBLICATIO* OFFICE... Market and Third,, 9. F.
EDITORIAL, ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Delivered by Carriers, 2O Cts. Per Week, 75 Cfc.
Per Month. Single Copies G Cents.
T*rm» fcx M»tt. Including rostag* (Cash With Order):
rAULT CAUL. Oncladinr Sunday), oc# rear fS.OO
DAILY CALL Oseludin* Sunday), 6 months 4.OO
DAILT CAJLLr-By £ln*le Month 73e
fUKDAT CALL On« Tear . 2JSO
WKEKLT CAUU Oc« Tear l.OO
f Dally... fS.SO Per Tear Extra
FOREIGN FOCTAQE i Eunday.. 4.15 Per Tear Extra
I Weekly.. l.OO Per Tear Extra
All Foitnailrri are anthortred to receive
subscription*.
Eaxrple ecple* will be forwarded when requested.
Mall rabtcrlbera In ordering chanre of &£drees should be
particular to rfva both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS la order
to tneerc a prompt aad correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
1118 Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE.
S14S Center Street Telephone XortH 77
C. GEORGE KROGXESS. Mtinitgrer Foreign* Adver
tising-. Marqnette Ituilillnc. ChfcaffO.
Ojong Distance Telephone "Central 2819.")
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
UORTOK E. CBAAE 14OG G Street, IT. W.
KEW YORK REPRESENT ATTVE:
tTEPHEX B. SMITH SO Trlltnne UullJlntr
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAHLTOX Herald Square
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
EBer&aa House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel,"
Trei&OBt Heruce: Auditorium Hotel; Palmer House.
BIlAACn OFFICES— £27 Montgomery, coiner of Clay, open
c&ttl »:80 o'clock. 200 Hayes, open until 0:30 o'clock. 833
McAllister, open until «:30 o'clock. C15 Lerkln. open until
• 80 o'clock. JW1 Mission, cpen until 10 o'clock. 2281
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1090 Va
lencia, cpen until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
e'rlocfc. NW. corner Twenty-second aad Kentucky, opta
cntll P p'~1~-k 22OU F11Imor»». open ontll 9 p. m.
Mr. Madden was pensioned last Friday,
but the action of the pension board was
not made public, and around the "Big
Yellow Building" the matter has been
kept a secret as far as possible. Presi
dent Harriman some time ago instituted
the pension system on the Southern Pa
cific Company the same as on his other
roads. The maximum age limit is seven
ty years and Mr. Madden is the first of
ficial who has been pensioned by ; the
board selected to pass on this system of
retiring.
Jerome Madden is one of thr> old school
of railroad men. He was the cljse friend
and advisor of the late Senator Stanford
and he afso stood high in the esteem of
the late Collis P. Huntington.
No circular has been issued informing
the attaches of the Southern Pacific that
Mr. Madden has been retired, but yester
day afternoon Manager Julius Krutf
schnitt confirmed the rumor that Madden
had been pensioned. Temporarily C. W.
Eberlein has been placed in charge of the
office.
Who will succeed Mr. Madden is not,
known, but Land Agent W. H. Mills of
the Central Pacific is a candidate for the
position, and is anxious to have both the
Central Pacific and the Southern Pacific
Railroad land offices consolidated.
' years has held the office of land
agent of the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company.
p-rp^HE first railroad official of the
I Southern Pacific Company to be
j retired on pension is Jerome Mad
*^ den, who for the last thirty-six
THE POPE— J. S. M.. Burlingame, Cal.
The one who is elected Pope is permit
ted to assume whatever name he desires
as an official title. The present Pope pre
ferred Pius to Leo. hence he assumed a*
his title Pius X. the one preceding nira
under that title being Pius IX.
sex its highest recognition and which placed its
women under the dominion of millions of males of
every condition and degree of life, from every land
under the sun."
Six times did Mrs. Woolsey suffer "sex humilia
tion" in this country. The first occurred when as a
little girl she heard her father say that in a lawbook
he was writing he would have to record the fact that
the legal status, of the white wife in his State was
little better than that of the former negro slave;
second, when she heard a negro member of Con
gress say he was opposed to adding an amendment
to the constitution that would place white women
upon a public equality with negro men; third, when
she heard native-born American ladies » address a
foreign-born committee of a Legislature to plead for
their enfranchisement; fourth, when she witnessed
an emigrant legislator throw a petition which was
prese'nted by numerous American ladies to his Legis
lature into the Legislature's wastebasket with the
remark that legislators "have more important matters
to attend to than the affairs of women";* fifth, when
after paying more taxes than the .Jiirte^n colonies
were expected to pay to England in six months un
der the stamp act she was told by a foreign-born
member of Congress that the founders of the United
States republic meant that "taxation without repre
sentation is tyranny" for men only; and sixth, when
she saw a President of the United States driving
through the streets of Washington on his way to be
inaugurated and saw there was "no woman by his
side, no women in his escort, no women on the plat
form, and that the whole proceeding was one of
males, males, males."
Disgusted with her native republic, Mrs. Woolsey
sought the monarchical society of Great Britain and
there found much that pleased her. She says she
saw Victoria pass through the streets of London, and
noticed that "a state occasion in a moliarchy is not
an affair of males, males, males," for as the Queen
Empress passed along there were women in her
i coach and women in her escort. She also saw in
London that streets, parks, monuments, markets, li
braries, railway stations, theaters, ships of the navy
and regiments of the army, holidays and many other
things bore the names of women as tributes of es
teem.
Convinced by such experiences that monarchies
are more favorable to women than are republics, Mrs.
Woolsey, having been invited to address a number of
women, many of them anarchists, advised them not
to seek the overthrow of monarchical, institutions,
affd, "showed them the desperate, disheartening, cruel
sufferings which women had undergone in constitu
tional and representative governments to gain recog
nition, justice or power."
The plea is strongly made and has unquestionably
a foundation in truth. It is not to be denied that
women have in the United States much to gain be
fore they will have all that they merit or which will
be theirs in an ideal condition of society; but none
the less there is an enormous fallacy involved in the
conclusion that the position of woman in the United
States is worse than her position in any country of
the Old World. Mrs. Woolsey's argument is- a plea
for the aristocratic woman, for the grand lady born
to purple and wealth and longing for precedence and
social preferment. It is much the same plea that
Waldorf Astbr would make in defence of his choice
of England as a home. This is not a good land for
persons of aristocratic pretensions, whether men or
women, and those who wish recognition of such pre
tensions must go abroad. In. a democracy such as
exists here there must be always many crudities and
some absurdities, but none the less the rank in the
world which the American woman holds both indus-'
trially and socially is a conclusive proof that her
energiesare given more freedom here than any
where else on the globe.
MRS. KATE T. WOOLSEY, author of "Repub
lics Versus Women," has contributed to the
current North American a savage onslaught
against what she regards as the injustice done to
women by republics, and especially by this country.
She says, indeed, "the United States republic is a
monstrous regimen of men — a strictly masculine
monopoly, a purely male oligarchy"; and after
stating that she is descended on both sides from colo
nial ancestors who took up arms for the right of
self-government, she adds: "I decided that 1 would
not be a worthy descendant of my progenitors if I
did not rebel against a government which refused my
A : WOMAN'S INDICTMENT
SOUTHERN PACIFIC OFFICIAL.
WHO HAS BEEN RETIRED
ON AV PENSION.
THE BOSTONIANS— Theater-goer. City.
Your friend is right. The Bostonians were
in San Francisco in 1SD5. They com
menced the season at the Columbia Oc
tober 8 and closed November 9. Durlns
the* season "Robin Hood" was produced.
THE FARALLONES— M. A. E.. City.
The distance from the center of a line
drawn across the Golden Gate to the North
Farallon Island Is 2Shi miles-, to the Mid
dle Farallon 25% m&es and to the South
Farallon 24*i miles.
Oakland has risen to her opportunities and in
h-roic mood has determined to "regulate" the plug
uglies who infest, with pugilistic impudence and un
flagging dishonesty, her places of public sport. It
occasionally happens that Oakland offers us a good
suggestion. This is one of them which our municipal
authorities will not see.
BUDDING-A. M. A., City. The best
time for budding trees is just aa the sap
Is beginning to rise, the buds at that
time taking more readily. Then the
growth is undisturbed during the grow
ing period.
SUNBURN-M. A., City. It Is said that
a preparation of borax, glycerin and roso
water, which any pharmacist can put up.
will quickly remove the effects of sun
burn from the face and hand3.
THREE-CARD LOO— Two Subscribers.
Citv In playing three-card loo at each
new deal the dealer puts three counters
Into the pool. This Is called the price of
the deal.
MEXICO'S PRESIDENT - Emeline.
City General Diaz. President of Mexico,
was first elected President of that repub
lic in 1S76.
WIDEST THOROUGHFARE-A. O. S..
ritv The wiaest thoroughfare in San
Francisco is City Hall avenue. 200 feet
wide.
Prince and Princes3 Poniatowski are
spending a few days in town. They will
leave the latter part of the present
month for a European trip.
Mrs. Maurice Casey, who is now in the
Santa Cruz Mountains, will open her new
home on Broadway September 11.
Miss Katherine Dilldn and Miss Cos
grave are expected home -from abroad
early in September.
Robert Tolmie returned from his hunt
ing lodge in Trinity County last night
after a' three months' vacation among the
pines.
Dr. and Mrs. J. J. McKanna have re
turned from the East, where they went to
attend thfe marriage of their daughter.
Mr. and Mrs. Alex Mann announce the
engagement of their daughter, Alice, to
Louis H. Bena3.
The -marriage of Miss Camille Lund,
daughter of Mrs. Marie Lund, to Mr. B.
L. Davis will take place this evening at
the residence of the bride's mother, 1319
Fell street.
The subject chosen was allegorical and
was done in broad handling.' showing the
distinct influence of the low that
characterized Whistler's work. Miss
Holden was a favorite pupil of Whistler
in Paris for three years.
At Miss Holden's tea on Saturday much
favorable comment was heard regarding
her latest work, which is about to be
placed in the Carnegie Library in Oak
land.
Miss Holden comes of a clever family,
one sister, Miss Octavla Holden, having
achieved success in artistic bookbinding,
and another. Miss Mildred Holden, being
an excellent woodcarver.
The wedding of Miss Marion Holden
and Albert Pope will take place on Sep
tember 21. Trinity Church will be the
scene of the nuptials. The bride-elect is
a weli-known artist and the groom-to-be
is a prominent constructing mechanical
engineer. The wedding will be a notable
event.
AN OLD DATE — Subscriber, City.
April 4, 1SS*. fell on a Tuesday.
GOVERNOR DURBIN of Indiana in reply
ing to President Roosevelt's letter on the
frequency of lynching outrages in this coun
try and the need "of a more resolute enforcement of
law says: "Your stirring words will' serve to press
home upon the people a responsibility which, reach
ing beyond all those in authority, is after all essen
tially their own. To arouse the realization of that
responsibility and all that it implies will be to eradi
cate conditions which otherwise may soon become,
as you point out so cleverly, an imminent menace to
the very life of the republic."
Approval of the President's address has been given
South as well as North, as . might have been ex
pected, for the issue is national and not sectional.
For example, no one has been more prompt to
commend the letter than Governor Terrell of Geor
gia, who in a statement to the Associated Press said:
"I think President Roosevelt is on the right line,
and I am in heart}' accord with the views he ex-
The only person of note who has spoken in support
of lynch' law is a certain John Temple Graves
of Atlanta, who at a recent Chautauqua assem
bly said of lynching: "It is here. It is here
to stay. Place here as the premise and postulate
of your reasoning that lynching will never hereafter
be discontinued in this republic until the crime
which provokes it is destroyed. This is a fact, not a
theory-. It is not as it ought to be, but it is as it is,
and it surely will be. * * * We might as well
state the question fairly. The problem of the hour
is not how to prevent lynching in the South, but the
larger question, how shall we destroy the crime
which always has and always will provoke the lynch
ing? When we reach this statement of the question
we have made some progress; not before."
When placing that "premise and postulate" be
fore the Chautauquans Mr. Graves cunningly sought
to induce them to believe that the crime which pro
vokes lynching is that of assault by negroes upon
! white women. The innuendo, however, fails of effect
in the face of reports given by the press of various
lynching outrages. In some cases negroes have been
lynched for no other offense than that of seeking an
j opportunity to work. In other instances they have
been put to death solely because they were negroes.
Again, in several of the outrages the victims were
not negroes, but white men, and finally in repeated
instances of lynching committed by "Whitecaps" in
the Mississippi Valley States the victims of the lynch
ers were white women.
Graves has evidently started in to out-Tillman Till
raan himself, but his plea will have no effect beyond
that of inflaming a little more the lawless spirit that
is ever eager to commit crimes of violence and to
overthrow law whenever it can do so with impunity.
The great masses of the American people are^ no
longer interested in any discussion as to whether
lynch law is or is not justifiable. They have made
up their minds on that point, and their concern in the
problem now is solely that of determining how to
provide an effective remedy for the evil.
President Roosevelt said: "We must show that
the law is adequate to deal with crime by freeing it
from every vestige of technicality and delay." Gov
ernor Terrell emphasizes the same point, saying:
"The majesty of the law should be upheld, but at
the same time there should be prompt and speedy
trial of the offenders in the case of that crime which
most frequently excites the anger of mobs and leads
to lynchings, and the punishment should not be de
layed by technicalities." Justice Brewer of the
Supreme Court has recommended the same remedy,
saying: "One thing needed to stay this epidemic of
b-nching is the establishment of a greater confidence
in the summary and certain punishment of the crimi
nal. Men are afraid of the law's delays and the un
certainty of its results. Not that they doubt the in
tegrity of the Judges, but they know that the law
abounds with technical rules and that appellate
courts will often reverse a judgment or conviction
for a disregard of such rules, notwithstanding a full
belief in the guilt of the accused. If all were cer
tain that the guilty ones would be promptly tried
and punished, the inducement to lynch would be
largely taken away."
Statements of that kind coming from the Presi
dent, from Governors and from a Justice of the Su
preme Court may be accepted as convincing- proof
that there is needed a more prompt enforcement of
the criminal law. Still it will be borne in mind that
in most cases where lynch law has been resorted to
no member of the mob could, have had any doubt
that the guilty party would have been promptly pun
ished by the courts. Governor Durbin, speaking of
the mobs in Indiana, said: "There could be no
reasonable complaint either of the executive or of
the courts in this State on the ground of the non
enforcement of the law." A similar statement might
be truthfully made in almost every State where I
lynching has been frequent. In fact, lynching is no
more nor less than downright lawlessness and an
archy, and the only remedy for it is the enforcement
of law against lynchers as well as against other crim
inals.
SOME ANSWERS
TO QUERIES BY
CALL READERS
LAW AND LYNCH LAW.
HOLDEN-POPE
WEDDING WILL
BE ONE OF NOTE
Gorman advises his party, to make the next cam
paign on a strictly smooth platform. He is not going
to antagonize the currency bill, but purposes to ac
cept whatever measure the Republicans bring in.
Second, he is not going to advocate free trade or
any radical alteration of the tariff, but will recom
mend a slight revision wherever needed. He will not
denounce the trusts nor support any legislation
aimed at their suppression. In short, he will be a
candidate who means to promise something to
everybody, while at the same time assuring the
country that no change will be made in either the
fiscal or the monetary laws, except such slight al
terations as the big interests may desire.
Such a platform will not arouse enthusiasm in
either the Cleveland or the Bryan wings of the party,
but Gorma"n is not .looking for enthusiasm. He be
lieves that Democracy needs a rest more than any
thing else, and he purposes to apply a sort of bread
poultice policy to the old inflammations in order to
soothe them and permit ; the rest 'to take place. It
is a great scheme and it may win. It is admitted
that the course of true love never did run smooth,
but there are times when, men would rather have
smoothness than love, and at this juncture Democ
racy is in that frame of mind.
JEROME MADDEN
IS PENSIONED
BY HARRIMAN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 18, jyuo.
A San Leandro wife has asked for a divorce on the
ground that her husband persistently refuses to bathe
and in this peculiar repugnance to clean water dis
plays great cruelty^toward her. This invidious attack
upon. the great army of the unwashed seems almost
worthy of a public demonstration U
Whatever else may be said of Turkey no one will
question her keen conception of the thought of self
preservation under any condition in which danger
may be presented. When the Russian bear demanded
reparation tor the murder of one of his representa
tives and in the demand showed his teeth Turkey
was quick in compliance. The sick man of Europe is
not infrequently the wise man of the East.
8
New Novels of This
Money-Mad World
THE world is money mad. That statement looks absolutely start-
ling in cold type, but when you realize that it is a sentiment em-
~ anatine from the foremost political and financial economists of the
world it is time to becin to sit up and take notice. If you doubt its
truth just take a casual glance at the popular literature of the hour.
You will invariably find that the theme is wealth, and more wealth, and
yet again more wealth — wealth in the spending even as much as wealth
in the making. Not the fairy tale lore of wealth of bygone ages, but
modern wealth that has to do with empire building, the destiny of na-
tions, the struggle for commercial dominance and aristocratic social su-
premacy of the men and women of the hour. yea. almost of the yerr
minute, so vast and so rapid is the rise and fall of the bureauocracv of
' wealth. No more the tales of buried treasure of picturesque pirates or
lost mines and enchanted palaces stored with riches, but the gold that
glitters before our very eyes — rich, yellow gold that we watch in the
making — gold v that is accumulated while you wait by men we all know,
and spent with greater ease and facility, by women who are better
known.
Of such a dozen books that everybody is reading right now might
be mentioned at random. To begin with there is "The Soender3."
whicfi is concluded in the Sunday Call to-day, and which not only show*
the excitement of modern monev\ mak ing. but the more subtle art of
spending it. Then there is "The Octopus." Frank Norris' famous tale
of the bnilding of vast wealth, and his later book, "The Pit." which tells
of the awful struecle to corner that same vast wealth. Then there are
"The Autocrat." "The Thirteenth District." "Tainted Gold." "The Mis-
sissippi Bubble." etc. etc. . Indeed the list might be swelled indefinitely
But of all these novels none are quite like unto that verv latest
creation. "Brewster's Millions." In point of fact "Brewster's Millions"
is absolutely unlike anything that has ever been written before, for in it
a perfectly adorable younjr fellow has to spend a million a year, eet his
money's worth and yet have absolutely nothing to show for it at the
i d of that time in order -that he may inherit six million more. Sounds
fascinating, doesn t it? Well, it is more than that. • r
Now you may think it is the easiest thing in the world to spend a
million. Never tried it. of course. But wait . until you have read
"Brewsters Millions, which begins in the next Sunday Call, and you
will see what a stupendous task it is to spend a million a vear— actually
spend it — notv dissioate it or jrive it away or lose it in false speculation,
but get your money's worth as you would if you had only a hundred in-
stead of a cool million.
But the popular craze of literature' of the bright snappy, uo-to-date
sort goes even further than this. Never before was there such a tre-
mendous demand for short stories of thr best sort. And what better
reading conld you get? A srood short story is a complete novel in con-
densed form, and it is iust such e-rrellent reading as this that is pro-
vided in the Sunday', Call's new "Half Hour Storiettes." of which, next
Sunday, you will get two full page*. Here are some of the titles:
"Mysterious Leofric." "In the F'-»<h of Strioed Death." 'The Secret of
the Jamaica Sink Hole?' "The Beautiful M»m Marrhm." "FaWes for
the Foolish." "Shortv Mahan's Passing." "Love*« Golden Tether "
"While the Train Waited." "Wh*t T«*ny Peter Did." etc.. etc. Be3t of
all there is a new short story by A. Cnnan Dovle. 'The Shadow Be-
fore"; "Millions in His Dreams." by Ma»V Twain: "Me-ows of a Kitty"
by Kate Thyson Marr ; 'The Oracle of Mulberry Center." by S. E. Kiser
etc.. ctr.
And besides all this there \% th#- repubr Sund-iy Magazine, section,
giving you 1 the very latest in everything that is going on in the world
to-day. The Sunday Call can't b* beat.] wore a check shirt, with black Fedora
I hat and brogan shoes. In his pockets
j were found a hotel key with brass check
I attached, bearing the number 39, a cheap
• tair' of spectacles aad a cheap watch.
James Gallagher, a' switchman, was
passing alone the track about 10:30 last
right when he saw a dark object lying on
the track. On Investigation it proved to
be the remains of a man.
The body tvas horribly mutilated, both
legs being cut off, while the trunk was
badly mangled. The dead man was
smooth shaven and had a sandy colored
mustache. The body looked to b« that of
a man about 45 years old. Nothing T.*as
found that gave any clew to his identiQ
cation.
He was poorly clad in a dark suit and
charge of the train, but did not see the
man and has no knowledge as to how the
accident happened.
An unknown man v.as run over by a
freight train on Division street, between
Tenth and Eleventh, last night and in
stantly killed. Engineer Kevins was In
T3NKN0WN MAN IS BUN
OVER BY FREIGHT TRAIN
The board, after deliberating for half
an hour, reprimanded Pratt and suspend
ed him for thirty days.
Charles C. Pratt, a deputy registrar,
was on trial last night before the Board
of Civil Service Commissioners on a
charge of neglect of duty and other minor
charges preferred by Registrar^Walsh.
Election Commissioners Deasy, Boyle and
Yoorsanger. were called to the stand to
testify that Pratt had absented himself
from the registration office on several oc
czsions. On cross-examination by George
L\ Collins, attorney for the accused, the
v. -itnfesses would not Eay that Pratt*s ab-
KC-nce at these times was not by permis
sion of some one in auXhority.
The accused showed that he had worked
many nights and Sundays in the office in
aOdlticn to his regular dally work, and
that he had never been paid or compen
sated for the extra duties Imposed upon
him. Pratt also showed that on one oc
casion charged against him in the com
plaint that he had absented himself after
having gained the permission of Election
Commissioners Roberts and Voorsanger
to do eo. . '
Board of Civil Service Commissioners
Finds Accused Guilty of Dere
liction of Duty.
DEPUTY REGISTRAR PRATT
SUSPENDED FOR A MONTH
OAKLAND. Aug. 17.— The following
marriage licenses »er^ issued by the
County Clerk to-day: William J. Ray
mond, SS, and Isabella Mitchel, S2. both
of Oakland; Wilfred L. Rogers, 24, Buffa
lo, N. Y., and Bessie S. Bacon, 19, San
Kraneipoo; Henry Guffke, 65, and Maiin
da F. Bigelow, C'J, both of San Francisco;
Clarence T. Fish, 24, and Annie E. Loane,
13. both of Oakland; G<?rhard Jacobi, 22,
and Vendela Nygren, 24, both of AJame
da ; Charlr s Behnke, over 50. and Augusta.
C. JlauSe, over Uj, both of Lorin; Filbert
Bacigalupl, C5, and Lizzie White, 26, both
<.f San Francisco; William B. Bentley, i
33. and Emma Butler, SO, both cf San {
I-"ranci*-cc ; John Costa, 44, Pleasanton,
and Mariana A. Santos, 25, San Jose.
¦ ? ¦
WICHITA. Ka.r^.. Aug. 17.— Lewis Allen, a
wealthy firuggin, died this afternoon after a
brief lllne*s. He was one of the original set
tlers ia Wichita-
NHTV TORK. Aug. 17. — Chsrles M. Schwab
r.atly <"ontra<l!cte<l the statement that he Is
• -r.gared in organizing- a combination of tailors
in tn# United Staxes. . !
Idlarriage Licenses.
The congress will be called to order at
Leschi Park Pavilion on Lake Washing
ton at 9 a. m. to-morrow by Judge C. J.
Gavin of Raton, N. M., president of the
executive committee, who will introduce
President Kirby. Addresses of welcome
will be delivered by Governor Henry Mc-
Bride en behalf of the State of Washing
ton, Mayor T. J. Humes on behalf of the
city of Seattle and Judge Thomas Burke
on behalf of the commercial organiza
tions of the Northwest. Responses will
be delivered by President Kirby on be
half of the congress and by the Gover
nors and former Governors of States pres
ent on behalf of the various States. The
speeches of the morning session will in
clude the annual address of President
Kirby.
Sessions will be_held daily from 9 to 12
and from 1 to 4VSj p. m. The evenings
will be devoted to the social features of
the congress, induding'a steamer ride on
I^ake Washington Tuesday, a reception
at the Washington Hotel Wednesday, a
trip to the Puget Sound navy yard Thurs
day and a visit to Moran Broa. Com
pany's shipyards Friday.
SEATTLE, Aug. 17.— Every train arriv
ing In Seattle from the east and south
to-day brought a quota of delegates to
the Trans-Mississippi Commercial Con
gress, which convenes In this city to-mor
row.
WOULD GIVE BOND.
It also oSta to give * bond la tbe penal
The Mayor submits copies of corre
spondence had With the company asking
for a selling figure and he adds that no
proposition or bid has been received in
response to his requests.
Taking up the Bay Cities Water Com
pany project, the Mayor -writes that in
April he received an offer from the com
pany to deliver <vater at $50 per million
gallons a day, or 5 cents a thousand gal
lons # at the southern boundary of the
city' 'But this plan fell through because
the company's attorneys held that a con
tract to supply water could, not be made
binding on the city to compel i. to take
the water at a fixed, unchanged rate. The
second proposition to sell a plant outright
was then submitted by the company and
if. is included in the Mayor's message.
The annual expense entailed upon the
citv of Oakland through the acquisition
and operation of the plant under consid
eration is estimated by '. Chief Engineer
Duryea of ¦ the . company at 532a,000, viz.:
Interest on $3,750,000 bonds at 4 per cent,
$150,000; operation, $100,000; maintenance,
$50,000;' other expenses, $25,000.
The annual capacity of the plant (20,
000,000x365) Is seven thousand three hun
dred million gallons, and the cost to Oak
land delivered at elevations which will,
properly supply a gravity pressure dis
tributing system therein, figures out $44 52
per million gallons.
WHAT IS CONTEMPLATED.
This contemplates the building of a ter
minal reservoir of twenty to thirty mil
lion gallons capacity, the. city, however,
to install its distributive system.
.The Mayor says of the proposition:
The Bay Cities Water Company offers to sell
a sufficient rese^oir for the storage of eight
thousand five hundred million gallons of water
and water rights capable of yielding that
amount of water per year, together with a suf
ficient pipe line to the southerly limits of the
city • of Oakland, and there to erect and : deed
to the city a sufficient pumping plant, with
pipe lines to reservoir, to be selected by the
city within its limits .to, elevate "the: water -to
a sufficient height for the city's, purposes for
the sum of $3,750,000. , W,
If the city should, elect to install another
plant of its own, independent of the Contra
Costa Water Company, it should, in my opin
ion pay to the Contra Costa Water Company
a liberal sum for Its distributing system with
in the city and continue to pay the present
high rate for water during the period that
the city is Installing the new plant.
The course of the Contra Costa Water Com
pany has not been such as to recommend it
to the people of Oakland, bur the t>eople of
Oakland desire to avoid dolnir an Injustice to
any one If the Contra Costa 'Water Com
pany will sell to the city of Oakland as much
of Its plant as the city needs I recommend
the city to buy provided the price Is not
unreasonably high. If the corporation will
not sell its property outside the city limits
for a fair valuation then the city should pay
a liberal price for its distributing system
within the city limits. If the corporation
will not sell that distributing system at such
price the city should not allow itself to be
held up but should install a plant tf its own.
My own opinion Is that if the city pays
$3 500.000 for the property of the Contra Costa
Water Company It will be paying a suf
ficiently liberal price. If It pays to the Contra
Costa Water Company $1,500,000 for the dis
tributive system within the city limits speci
fied by Mr. Fitzgerald and agrees to continue
the Dresent high rate for the period of three
years no Injustice will be done by the city
to that corporation.
CORRESPONDENCE SUBMITTED.
It is not difficult to ascertain what the
value of the lands owned by tl.e Contra Coata
Water Company, and necessary to the opera
tion of Its plant, is, for the nurposes for
which said land Is suitable other than for
reservoir purposes. It Is not possible that
such lands, lor ordinary purposes, would bring
the valuation cf the plant upon Mr. Fitz
gerald's estimates, up to $3,000,000.
Therefore if the city of Oaklind elects to
install a water plant of its own it will thereby
practically destroy a large part of the value
of the Contra Costa Water Company's plant,
while at the game time the Contra Costa Water
Company will be compelled to continue Its
supply to the people of Oakland at the rates
fixed by the City Council for watar during the
period that must elarise between making such
election and the completion of It3 own water
works, say for three years.
VALUES TOO HIGH.
port places a value only on that uortlon of
the Contra Costa Water Company's plant that,
in the opinion of Mr. Frtzgerald. ts necessary
for the use of Oakland. That corporation also
supplies Alameda, Berkeley, Frultvale and San
Leandro. This fact should be kept con
stantly in mind in these discussions of value
of its property within- the city limits, aa well
as much of the property of the company out
side the city.
2— If the Contra Costa Water Company will
not sell the entire plant specified in Mr Fitz
gerald's report, but will sell its distributing
system within the city limits at an'approxi
mately fair valuation the city should buy
This recommendation is made also, not be
cause we want or need the present water dis
tributive system, but is made because If car
ried out. it will end all controversy. Our City
Engineer has made, at your . request, very
careful - estimates of the cost of a first-class
distributive system, including reservoirs and
meters. The pipe is of castlron, the most
expensive and durable known, and of. capacity
equal tc the needs of a city i of .120,000 people.
Tbe estimated cost at present prices of labor
and material Is $1,080,000. If the estimated
coet of meters Is deducted— $164, 100^-the total
cost of this up to date and modern plant for
distribution Is $1,832,800. , Irrespective of all
considerations : except economic ones, such a
plant Is cheaper at the price stated than the
estimate placed on the water, company's plant
by Mr. Fitzgerald.
¦ > 8— In ' the event - that the > water company
refuses to sell its plant at the price indicated
within ten days from date,. then I. recommend
that the s engineer of the city be required to
report within the next twenty-five days there
after whether or not. ; in his opinion, the Bay
Cities Water Company has the ability to fur
nish the city ' from the proposed watershed a
quantity of water equal to a daily supply o f
80,000,000 gallons. . and whether the proposed
Mayor Olney treats at some length on
the Niles Cone project, which has already
had exhaustive consideration in the citi
zens' committee, of five report. He pre
sents that source as a last alternative
Summing up. Mayor Olney writes:
After a survey of the whole field my recom
mendations are as follows: ' tom
1— If the, Contra Costa Water Company vin
sell so much of its plant as is Included in
Mr. Fitzgerald's report for a price not ex
ceedlng $3,600,000. the city ought to buy r
do not recommend such purchase because i
believe the property Is worth the amount sDec
lfled, but because such purchase la In the in
terest of peace and quiet. In my opinion
the proposition of the Bay Cities' Water Com
panyls. from the standpoint of economy and
actual money values, better than the purchase
of . the' Contra Costa Water Company's plant
for $6.000000. The Bay Cities' Wafer Co™'
pany will furnish, for a moderate price,
enough jvater of a better quality than that
furnlahed from San Leandro reservoir to sup
ply Oakland for many years to come. The
supply of water from the San Leandro reser
voir is limited, and the quality is not of
the best. All additional supplies must come
from the Mies cone, and the rights of the
water company there are not exclusive. The
city is as free to get water there aa is the
water company.
NILES PLAN BEVIEWED.
But as the corporation anticipates bitter
opposition from its rivals already in the field
it desires, for business reasons, that Its pror>
erty and Its plans, etc.. be not published until
euch time as this Council approves its proDo
sltlon and Is ready to submit to the people thw
question of iasuinjt bonds. fropie m*
At the earnest solicitation of the corporation
I have consented to that portion of their prop
osition that the plans and specifications their
maps, etc. of water shed shall not be submit
ted to public Inspection until after there has
been a favorable report by our engineers and
the people are called upon to vote upon tha
proposition. If the engineers report favorably
and this Council Is of opinion that the proiw
sltion ought to be accepted and proposes to the
people a bond issue to carry it out, then all
the plans . and specifications, description of
water shed, etc., are to be laid before the peo
ple of Oakland for their consideration so thAt
they can act intelligently in voting for or
against the issuance of bonds.
SUPPLY VERY LARGE.
Twenty millions of gallons of water daily
is more than the city of Oakland will require
for many years to come, but it is sound ek>1
icy to secure that supply at once if it can be
done for the price proposed by the Bay Cities
Water Company. The Contra Costa Water
Company claims that It has furnished the citv
of Oakland a dally supply of twelve or more
million gallons of water. It seems incredible
that any such quantity of water could be
consumed by a population In the neighborhood
When it is considered that the Spring Valle7
Water Works of San Francisco claims that a
supply of water costs in the neighborhood of
one million dollars for every million gallons
of daily supply, making, according to the esti
mates of that corporation, a daily supply to
the city of Oakland of 20,000,000 gallons, worth
the sum of $20,000,000, and when It is consid
ered that the estimates of other engineers are
to the effect that a supply of water in great
quantities will cost about eight hundred thou
sand dollars for every million gallons fur
nished daily, it will be seen what a remark
able contrast there is between the prices pro
posed by th»; Bay Cities Water Company and
anything heretofore considered as a basis of
calculation for the cost.
sum of $1,000,000. the bond to be approved by
the Mayor of the city, guaranteeing the per
formance of the work In accordance with the
terms of the contract, and at the outset to make
a deed of conveyance to the city of its water
rights, reservoir, rights of way, site for pump
ing plant, etc., to be held in escrow by a trust
company and delivered to- the city in the event
of the failure of the corporation to comply
with its contract, and also to be delivered to
the city upon the corporation having satisfac
torily performed its obligations.
Delegates to Commer
cial Congress Arrive
on Every Train.
Before closinK I desire to add that your Mr.
John I>. Howard and myself paid Mr. Fitz
«raUl Mi tee of $1000 for services, and we
should like to have this money, with interest
at the rate of 9 per cent per annum from June
1903, repaid to us. I have also paid out
tka for telegrams, stenographer's charges, etc.,
in connection with this water investigation.
An Itemized «tatement of these expenses will
be handed vou «s «oon as made up.
Mr Fitzgerald is tow in the city of San
n-rancisco. engaged in an. important profes
sional work, but an arraneement has be«n
made by which he la to give such time to Oak
land as it may require. I most heartily com
mend him to you and the people of Oakland.
Hia professional reputation among engineers
is of the best. I do not believe any influence
whatever can swerve him from tbe straight
nath of integrity. The interests ot the city
are sale in the hands of our comaetent and
uDriKht City Engineer and Mr. Fitzgerald.
Finally permit me to express relief that now
the burden of responsibility and anxiety of the
last few months can be. in large measure, ta
ven from my shoulders. It is for you to de
cide whether or not my recommendations, or
any of them, are best for the Interests of our
citv Ever since your entrance upon your im
portant and responsible offlce you have shown
zeal sood Judgment «nd sound business sense
in managing the affairs of the city. There can
be no doubt the people trust you and believe
In you. They know you will do your best, not
only for the Oakland of to-day, but for that
aueenly city of the future that is the hope and
the aspiration of all our good citizens.
The message was referred to the special
Bond Committee of the City Council,
composed of President George W. Dornin,
John L, Howard, chairman of the Audit
ing and Finance Committee; A. H. Elli
ott, "chairman of the Ordinance and Ju
diciary Committee; B. C. Cuvellier, chair
man of the Fire and Water Committee;
B. H. Pendleton, chairman of the Public
Improvements Committee. (
5 The question of the issue of bonds to
acquire a municipal water plant by the city
shouid be submitted to the people Just as soon
as It is settled what system is to bo adopted.
In the event that the Contra Costa Water
Company consents to sell, the bonds for the
water plant should be in the sum of $3,500,000
for that plant and about J250.000 for improve
ments in that plant, particularly In its dlstrib-
Ut In 6 the* event the Contra Costa Water Com
nanv refuses to sell, there should be an issue
of bonds in the sum of $2,000,000 with which
to lay a distributive system, buy reservoir
sites etc And likewise there should be sub
mitted to our people, in the -event of our engi
neers reporting favorably on the Bay Cities
Water Company's proposal, a bond Issue for
13 750 000 with which to purchase that plant;
but If the report is unfavorable, then for an
issue of about $1,600,000 to acquire land on
the Niles cone, erect pumping plants, lay pipe
Iif* reviewing all these different schemes of
water supply I have no hesitation whatever in
saying that the best of all. from the economic
point of view, and keeping in mind' the cer
tainty of an Immense Increase in the wealth
and population of our city. Is the one proposed
by the Bay Cities Water Company. .
The corporation Is a responsible one. IU
president and leading stockholder is Mr. Wil
liam S Tevls. His financial standing you all
know He is. without doubt, absolutely cer
tain of being able to supply us with more
than 20 000,000 gallons of water per day, and
will be 'one of the bondsmen on the f 1.000,000
guarantee bond. This bond, however, will not
bo to the extent of guaranteeing from the
watershed a continuous dally supply of 20,000
000 gallons, for that would be a guaranty
mralnst a succession of droughts that might
cut off all water supplies. Therefore, our en
gineers must tell us whether, judging from
the records of the last twenty-thrte years, the
Bay Cities Water Company owns a supply of
wttcr euual to a drain of 20,000,000 gallons per
dar If the supply is only certain for 12.000,000
or 15 000 000 per day during such years as the
last five,' i-ihould still be In favor of accept
ing this company's proposition.
* WANT THEIR MONEY.
plans and specifications are satisfactory, and
in case his report is favorable, to, pass an or
dinance looking to the purchase of the plant
and water rights of the Bay Cities Water Com
pany in accordance with Its proposition^
The limitation of time above mentioned Is
necessary because the Bay Cities Water Com
pany by its proposals, require* the city to
make' its examination by Its engineers within
forty-five days from August 12. 1903. and If
the report is unfavorable the proposition Is
4 In the event that the Contra Costa Water
Company does not agree, within the time speci
fied, to sell its plant, subject to the approval
of the people, expressed by voting for a bond
issue and In the event that our engineers are
not reasonably certain that the Bay Cities
"Water Company can live up to its contract and,
in the language of merchants, "deliver the
goods " then we should, as soon as the Su-
preme Court decides the case of Katr vs.
Walklnshaw, proceed to purchase land on the
Niles cone and take steps to lay a pipe line,
erect a pumping plant, etc., for supplying the
city with water from that source.
B0NI> QUESTION VITAL.
The attention of occupants of adjoining
rooms was attracted by a noise and blew
their police whistles. Before the police
responded a man was seen running: from
the place. "When officers entered they
found the woman lying; dead upon the
floor. A towel had been tightly twisted
around h*»r neck and her skull had been
crushed in in several places with a large
boulder, which was found lying near the
body. The contents of the drawers of a
dresser in the room were scattered on
the floor, indicating that robbery was the
motive, but on the dead woman's fingers
were several valuable rings and on her
wrists several bracelets, showing that the
murderer was looking: only for money.
The woman arrived here three weeks
ago from San Francisco. But little Is
known of her here.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. IS.— Eva Droueln
was murdered at 12:20 o'clock this (Tues
day) morning in a resort- in the heart of
the red light district. The murderer left
no clew to his identity and the only de
scription of him in the hands of the police
is that he wore white canvas shoes.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Early Morning Murder
in a Los Angeles
Resort.
Pools Pitches "Well and Does Good
Service With His Mighty
Bat.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
NE"W YORK. Auk. 17.— The Cincinnati and
local Nationals broka even in a double-header
to-day. New York won the first game with
Matthewscn pitching against Suthoff. In the
second th» visitors batted Taylor out cf the
box in the fifih inning. Poole pitched well,
and *hls battlr.gr was useful. He made two
hits In the fifth, scored one run rn the) same
inning and drove in two more while • taking
his second turn at bat. Attendance. 12,680.
Score: _ _
First game. R- *». E.
New York 7 *J ~
Cincinnati 4 7 1
Batteries — Matthewaon and Bowennan; Sut
hoft and Peita. .
Second game. K« «• *••
Cincinnati » }•> J
New York? 5 11 2
Batteries— Poole and Harberer; Taylor, Mil
ler and Bowennan.
Umpires — Moran and Emslle.
BROOKLYN. Aug. 17.— Brooklyn won a
double-header from St. Louis to-day. Garvin
held the visitors down to three hits in the first
game all of them in the ninth Inning. In
the second game the locals were outbatteU,
but bunching of hits won in the tenth inning.
Attendance. 2SC0. Score:
First game. R- H. E
St. Louis 3 3
Brooklyn . • 8 • ¦*
Batteries — Currte and CNell; Oanrln and
Ritter. Umpire — Hurst. W „ t-
Second game. K- «. t.
St. Louis •• * » ! 2
Brooklyn > * • i*
Batteries— Murphy and CNeil: Reldy and
Jacklitsch. Umpire — Hur»t.
BOSTON. Aug. 17. — Boston played an un
usually clever game to-day, while Plttsburg
played loosely. Carney was not obliged to
exert himself ana Phlllippt was batted frea
1 ly, receiving the weakest kind of support. At
tendance. 240O. Score:
R. H. E.
Boston . - ? « J
Plttsbur*; 4 0 3
Batteries— Carney and Moran; Phlllrppl. Fal
kenburg and Phelpa. Umpire— Joanstone.
AaiERICAN LEAGUE.
CHICAGO, Aug. 17. — "Washington won to
day's game by bunching four of their six
hits in the second and third innings. Chi
cago's only run resulted from a base on balls
and a single. Attendance. 1670. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago 1 8 1
Washington ~* 8 6 0
Batteries — Own, Flaherty and Slattern Lee
and Kittredse.
i ST. LOUIS. Aug. 17. — Philadelphia defeated
St. Louis to-day in a closely played game.
The horn* team went to pieces in the first in
ning. Attendance, 2300. Score:
R. H. fc.
Ft. Louis 2 8 2
Philadelphia 8 S.I
Batteries — Sievers and Sugdea; Plank and
Powers. ¦¦"
DETROIT. Mich., Aug. 17. — Kltsoa pitched
a fine game to-day and won from New York.
Barrett's hitting was a feature. Attendance.
a7 °: score: r, h. e.
Detroit V"""* 6 U 2
New York /...>.... 3 7 1
. Batteries — Kltsoa and McGuire; Howell and
Beville.
CLEVELAND. O-. Aoe. 17. — Cleveland made
it eight straight to-day, defeating Boston
easily. Attendance, 02CO. Score:
R. H. E.
Cleveland . - ~ 9 12 2
Boston • • 3 5 3
Batteries — Joss and Bexnls; Winters tnd J.
Stahl. -iU ¦'-•¦¦ . : - '
CINCINNATI AND NEW YORK
NATIONALS BREAK EVEN
BRUTAL SLAYER
LEAVES NO CLEW
Action was taken by the Board of Su
pervisors to-day* that practically 7 Insures
the building of the scenic boulevard from
Oakland to Haywards along the crest
of the Contra Costa hills. This drive will
be thirteen miles in .length and it is -es
timated that it will cost from $200,000 to
$250,000.
A resolution unanimously adopted by the
board makes provision "to acquire and
construct the road In the most substan
tial-manner and in the shortest time con
sistent with reasonable taxation, as pro
vided in section 2643 of the Political
Code."
It Is believed that the construction of
this road will be of the greatest benefit
as an advertising medium to Alameda
County. The plan has been advocated
by the Board" of Trade, Merchants* Ex
change and prominent citizens with a
view to^ having such a driveway as will
attract people from all over the State.
o-i-i-i-i-i-r-i-i-i'i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-M-i-i-e
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, Aug. 17.
SEATTLE READY
TO GREET GUESTS
The reverses of that mine consumed all
his money and left him a poor man, old,
destitute and too proud to ask for char
ity.
Assion in his more prosperous days
owned and built the property on Third
street between Folsom and Harrison, but
later was compelled to out.
It was a house which Assion himself
had built that he was compelled to leave,
taking with him his few belongings, to
live with his sister, Mrs. Fehrenbaeh,
who is a poor woman.
Assion's wife died nine months ago. He
leaves no children.
Joseph Assion. a pioneer and former
wealthy merchant tailor of this city, com
mitted suicide shortly after 6 o'clock yes
terday morning by jumping from the
deck of the steamer Encinal.
The steamer was returning on her regu
lar trip from Alameda. when a passenger
notified Patrick McGratn, second mate of
the boat, that a man on the saloon
deck was acting suspiciously. McGrath
went to the deck and watched the pas
senger for a short time. McGrath states
that he turned his back for a moment,
whereupon the man he was watching
sprang over the rail Into the bay.
McGrath, with the assistance of Deck
hands John Carlson, Peter George and
Ernest Holenberg, lowered a boat and
made ah effort to save the unfortunate
man. After some moments the body was
recovered, but life was extinct.
In the pockets of the deceased were
found a quantity of rocks and iron.
On reaching the city the remains were
removed to the Morgue, where they were
identified as those of Joseph Assion, who
resided at 34SH Third street.
In tha saloon at 34S Third street As
sion had left a note addressed to his sis
ter, Mrs. M. Fehrenbaeh, who resides at
12 Godens street, stating that despond
ency and the loss of all he had were the
causes of his death.
Joseph Assion was S3 years of age. Hej
was a native of Germany, and came to
this city in '19, when he engaged in busi
ness as a merchant tailor and accumu
lated a small fortune. Several years ago
he retired from business and with his
wealth purchased a large share in the
Champion mine, of which he became a di
rector.
ALAMEDA, Aug. 17.— Two ordinances
< rnbecying the stipulations recommended
I y ihe citizens' committee of fifty upon
v.hich the Southern. Pacific will be offered
the two local franchls-es it seeks wer« in
irodaced at the meeting of the City Trus
icea to-night.
City Trustee William M. Bowers intro
duced both measures and said that he did
. o to get matters under way in order that
•ie agitation might be ended to the gen
t ral satisfaction of all concerned. Copies
ot the ordinances as submitted will be i
:orvvarded to the management of the
southern Pacific and it will then be in
¦.tier for the representatives of the com
. .: y to confer with the City Trustees if |
Ihey desire any alterations or amendments
i;— de to the documents.
-\o one appeared to-night on behalf of
;..-j Southern Pacific, aitnough it was ei-
I toted tha.t the management would enter
n. withdrawal of its application for a fran
chise en the north side line. As intro
duced to-night, the ordinances require the
Southern Pacific to pay into the city |
tnasnry $5Cv a month; $200 for the north
tide franchise and J330 for the south side I
franchise.
FIXES LOCAL TABE.
The ordinances grant the franchises for
twenty-five years; stipulate that the
Southern Pacific shall establish a 2Vt cent
local fare, and that AJameda shall be
given all the advantages of a tormina]
I Assenger and freight point.
There was also fiied with the City Trus
tees to-night a petition requesting that
body not to grar.t to any person or cor
poration franchises to operate steam roads
within the municipal limits. The peti
tioners are opposed to steam roads, claim
ing that the eraoke, vibrations and other
nuisances caused by them decrease the
value of realty to one-half the value of
property on streets where -electric cara
are operated. The petition concludes:
'"Should your honorable body grant any
fteam road franchises we will feel that
our rights have been invaded."
Another petition requesting the City
Trustees to call a epeeial election to have
voters pass on the terms upon which the
franchises should be granted was read
and referred to the city attorney to ren
der a written opinion to the City Trustees
ef to whether the local referendum or
dinance ie mandatory or not.
MAGCTRE PROTESTS.
Kx-Congresemaa James G. Maguire ap
peared before the City Trustees on behalf
&t Herman Eppinger Jr.. who, with Rob
ert B. Mott, made application for the local
franchisee, offering to pay a bonus of
510,000 for the same. Maguire said that
Eppinger took exception to the manner
In which his offer had been treated by the
• itizens' auvisory committee of fifty and
the way in which members of that body
had investigated and reported upon the
r.nancial standing of Eppinger.
Maguire denied that Eppinger was In
>r.y way connected with the firm of that
i.ame which recently made a disastrous
failure in San Frar.cisco. Mapuire as
strici that Erping-er considered the
Statements made by members of the citl-
Een*" committee unfair and discreditable
¦ him. He further t-tated that his client
v.ac prepared to prove his ability to in
stall an c-kctric service here, but that Ep
pinger would not consent to pay the city
;<.r.y fixed s urn a month for the franchises
1 aa the City Trustees demanded of the I
Southern Pacific. :: ; "^ 1
The ordinances took the regular course
<i will come up in two wetks and the i
petition v,/t>re filed to be again taken up
by the committee of the whole of the
Citv Trusrots
LONDON, Aug. 17.— A telegram re
ceived to-day at-the Herald London Bu
reau from. Hapawanda states that Mr.
and Mrs. C. J. Glidden of Boston suc
ceeded in entering the Arctic circle at 2
o'clock on Sunday in their automobile.
Tha present trip was planned by Glidden
to cover 440S mites, occupying forty five
days. It was to begin. 4n England and to
be continued through Ireland, Scotland
and Norway, to Mondhjcim, to 64 north
latitude, within two and one-third degrees
of the Arctic crrcle.
Mr. and Mrs. Glidden started from
Boston on June 17. Glidden wa3 present
ed at his departure with the colors of the
Massachusetts Automobile Club and, in
accepting the flag, he said he would en
deavor to carry it In his automobile to the
most northern latitude possible to drive
an automobile, leaving it there in the
hands of a custodian to be delivered to a
member of the club arriving In an auto
mobile that will take it a point farther
north. They left Copenhagen on July 23.
Special Cable to The Call and New York
Heral*. Copyright. 1903. by U»» New Tor*
Herald Publishing Company.
Plans Magnificent Boulevard
Along Crest of Contra
Costa Sills.
Was Formerly a Wealthy
'Tailor, but He Met
With Reverses.
Will Plant Colors of a Massa
; chusetts Olub in Far
North.
KSTIMATE.
Distributing plant. $1,485,121
gan i«eandro reservoir and niters...., ,; Dim.UM
Alvarado pumplr.it plant and wells... -117,500
riaremont reservoir 27,500
Broadway reservoir and pumping
plant .20,600
Linda Vista reservoir 20,000
Highland Park reservoir and pump
ing plant 14.500
Orange-street reservoir 9,000
I have taken into consideration the fact cf
the inadequacy of the distributive system with
in the city of Oakland and I have also taken
into consideration the fact that it can be
made effective by the I*-/ng of mains to re
inforce different portions of the system. The
estimate Is exclusive ot stock oa hand, real
estate, rights of way and questions of equity.
MANY THINGS CONSIDERED.
Temcscal Lake has been omitted from the
estimate for the reason that it may properly
be retained by th* company for the supply
of Dortions of its works outside the limits of
the city of Oakland.
Claremont reservoir in Berkeley has been
included in the estimate, for the reason that
It U required to equalize the supply of, the
mains feeding a large and growing district
within the limits of Oakland. Parts of th»
distributive system belonging to the Contra
Costa Water Company outside of Oakland have
been Included in the estimate, for the reason
that they belong topographically and logically
to the Dortlcns of the company's plant in
cluded in my instructions. They comprise
principally the distributive systems for the
supply of communities in Alameda ' County
along the lines of the mains included in the
estimate. The Piedmont tunnels and Sausal
Creek supplies have not been included.
In accordance with the Instructions I have
made the following estimate of the value of
certain portions of the works belonging to the
Contra Ccsta. Water Company's system.
It has seemed necessary to depart in some
respects from the «trict letter of the instruc
tions, but in the main th«y have been fol
lowed. ¦ ,
GETTING AT VALUES.
In his letter of instructions to Expert
Fitzgerald the Mayor asked him to deter
mine the actual cash value of the system
In Oakland, taking Into consideration that
there is no exclusive franchise for laying
pipes. He was to consider the adequacy
or Inadequacy of the system for supply
ing the city, and to work on the general
lines that the company claims it can dis
connect its sources of supply to Alameda
and Berkeley from Oakland.
In his report Engineer Fitzgerald said:
The Mayor reviewed the legal aspects
of the water rates suit, and explained
that Expert Desmond Fitzgerald had
been engaged as a skilled and, outside
expert to make an unbiased appraise
ment of the company's plant, and adds:
Mr. Fitzgerald was told that If there were
any equities as between the Contra Costa
Water Company and the City of Oakland he
was not called upon to pass upon them, but
that we would adjust that matter ourselves.
He was also told that, so far as the value of
the land used by the Contra Costa Water Com
pany is concerned, outside and Independent of
He Increased value for reservoir purposes, 'we
cculd pass upon that question here in Califor
nia without the necessity of his making any
inquiries and examining Into it himself. What
was impressed upon him wa» that we wanted
him to fix a valuation of the plant of the Contra
Costa Water Company that would Include the
water rlehts and the Increased value of the
land over and above ordinary purposes for
which land is used, such as farming or grazing
purposes, because of its suitableness for a res
ervoir site, and alpo any value that the plant
might have by reason of its being a going
concern.
It is necessary to take the Contra Costa
Water Company Into consideration in discuss
ing any scheme for Introducing water into our
city. That corporation is now supplying, and
for many years last past has supplied, the city.
Its pipes are laid in cur streets, it has valua
ble water rights and property and if it will
sell out Its plant* for what It Is actually worth,
preference should be jjiven It. for the reason
that It Is now a going concern. The price that
it hae heretofore put upon its plant and the
value of that plant as fixed by Judge Hart, has
been and is. In the opinion of our people and
of myself, absurdly high. *
The company provides that the city's
engineers shall have forty-five days in
which to examine the plans, water Bhed,
etc, and a similar time In which to re
port to the City Council. ¦
The proposal means to sell an equipped
plant outright to the city.
It is recommended that the question of
the issue of bonds to acquire a munici
pal water plant by the city should be
submitted to the people just as soon as
it is settled what system is to be adopt
ed. If the Contra Costa Water Company
purchase be favored, he recommends a
call for $3,500,000 plus $250,000 for* improve
ments In the plant. If the Bay Cities
Water Company proposal be ifavored an
issue of $3,750,OuO will be required, or if
the Niles cone plan is adopted an Issue
of $1,500,000 will be necessary at the out
set to purchase land, etc.
CONTRA COSTA NOT IGNORED^,
At the outset the message thus speaks
of the Contra Costa- Water Company:
Accompanying the Mayor's message to
night was a proposal from the Bay Cities
Water Company, with plans and specifica
tions for a water supply plant. The pro
posal is signed by the following officers
and directors of the corporation:
William S. Tevts, president; Clinton E. "Wor
den, vice president; Frank G. Drum, treasurer;
E. G. Wheeler, secretary; Carroll N. Beal, gen
eral manarer; Harry L. Tevls, capitalist;
Wakeflsld Baker, president Baker & Hamilton:
Mark L. Requa, president Pacific Steel and
Wire Company, and James W. Byrne, capi
talist.
Third, the Mayor recommends its pur
chase of lands in the Niles cove, or gravel
beds, and the construction of pumping sta
tion and pipe lines.
These three major propositions are made
contingent upon each other. His Honor
gives the Contra Costra "Water Company
ten days from date In which to accept the
offer. He also recommends that the city's
engineer be given twenty-five days in
which to report on the ability of the Bay
Cities Water Company to fulfill Its pro
posed plans. In the event of failure here
the Niles cone project Is to be taken. But
in his recommendation the Mayor said
he included the Contra Costa Water Com
pany purchase, not because he thought
it worth $3,500,000, but to forever end the
litigation and turmoil in that quarter.
He adds that he believes the proposal of
the Bay Cities Water Company to be the
best from an economic point of view.
INCLUDES EXPERT'S REPORT.
The Mayor includes in his message the
report of Expert Desmond Fitzgerald on
the value of the Contra Costa Water Com
pany plant. Mr. Fitzgerald places his fig
ures at $2,6S9,1S5. as the actual cash value
of the water distributive system of the
company in iiie city of Oakland.
The estimate is exclusive of stock on
hand, real estate, rights of way and ques
tions of equity.
First, the Mayor recommends the pur
chase of the Contra Costra'Water Com
pany's plant for not more than $3,500,000.
Second, he urges the proposal of the Bay
Cities Water Company, which controls
watersheds another drains in the moun
tains south of Alameda County, to sell
the city an equipped plant at the southern
boundary of Oakland supplying 20,000,000
gallons of water daily for $3,750,000. To
this add $1,832,000 for a distributing sys
tem, as estimated by City Engineer F.
C. Turner.
OAKLAND, Aug. 17.— Mayor "War
ren Olney to-night cent to the
City Council a message, covering
in exhaustive detail the work of
the present administration in the
matter of a municipal water supply, and
submitting for the consideration of the
people of Oakland three main recommen
dations.
Insist That Southern Pacific
Shall Pay Monthly
Subsidy.
Board of Supervisors
Takes Necessary .
*' Action.
Mr. and Mrs. Glidden
Journey Beyond
the Circla
Joseph Assion Closes
His Life in the
Bay.
Alameda Trustees Take
Action Regarding
Franchises.
SCENIC ROAD
WILL BE BUILT
AUTOISTS TRAVEL
IN ARCTIC WILDS
AGED MAN JUMPS
FROM A STEAMER
TWO ORDINANCES
ARE INTRODUCED
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, TUESDAY, , AUGUST l(s, 1903.
His Discussion of City s Supply Reviews Situation in Detail and
Advises Purchase of Gontra Costa Plant, Acceptance of
Bay Cities Company's Offer, or Buying of Niles Gravel Beds
MAYOR OLNEY OF OAKLAND MAKES
FULL REPORT ON WATER QUESTION
MAYOR OF OAKLAND "WHO LAST NIGHT SUBMITTED TO THE CITT
COUNCIL AN EXHAUSTIVE MESSAGE, WITH HIS RECOMMENDA
TIONS, ON THE SUBJECT OF A MUNICIPAL WATER SUPPLY.
Total • $2,689,185
In cloetnt I desire. to acknowledge my In
debtedness to the officials of the Contra Costa
Water Company, who have given me every, as
sistance and opportunity to examine their
works and records.
Commenting, the Mayor thus discusses
the matter:
•'•Vlt will be observed that the foregoing re-
9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
After Mental ILxer-
tlon — No Rest.
Nervous, Irritable
and Wretched.
Dr. Miles' Nervine Saved
My Life.
Thcrc is little joy in living: when the dis-
ordered nerves prevent sleep ard rest; when
cr.e ¦wakes frcra a restless ni^ht raore tired
thrn the night before; v.hen one is forced to
rrag through the round o: daily duties with-
out energr, ambition £3 :nterest. This con-
dition is due to a derar.rerr.rnt of the nerves
which iray be stccdi'v regulated »na
:'renjthened br D-. lUts' Resterttive
Nervine. This trr.i.kzb'x medicine has »
r.cnderfci reccri vt cw*. Supplying as it
does the exact eieraczt needed for the res-
toration cf the nerve isrrc and vitality, its
pood effects are feit after the fiVst few doses.
"I have used yocr r-.; cdlej myself and in
my family for the part btrVen years aad it is
net too much to say tha,: lL:y saved my life.
The tired feeiin? I used «. have after £ivm|
a few rcnsic lessens fcas left rne entirely and
instead of ly:=2f ia bed three or four hours
trying to ret deep asd then jetiin; up and
walking the Coor until rnorxuag, I can now
so to bed and sleep eight, ten and twelve
hours without ary trouble. When I think of
rcy former nervous, wretched, irritable state
I want tu tell everyone what Dr. Miles
Nervine has done for rne. I can do as much
work now in a day as I used to take a week
to accomplish. I think Dr. Miles' Nervine
i* the tjest remedy for nervousness and g;en-
••ral cebility on earth."— L. D. EDWAEDV
ProL cf Music, Preston, Idaho.
All drcrjists sell and puarantee first bot*
tie Dr. Miles' Remedies. Send for free book
on Nervous and Heart Diseases. Address
Dr. M:ks Medical Co, Elkhart, Ind.
[.'.'R.TTgTHVl HM'I'S.
To keep the skin clean
is to wash the execretions
from it off ; the skin takes
care of itself inside, if not
blocked outside.
To wash it- often and
clean, without doing any
sort of violence to it re-
quires a most gentle soap,
a soap with no free alkali
in it. j
Pears', the soap that
clears but not e'xeoriates.
Sold all over the -world.
BRIOOZWOBK.
Why wear a cumbersome plats that cover*
' th« roof ot th« mouth when yoo c*n hava te«ta
¦without? Our professor of brideeworlc person-
ally superintends this work and rurai»a«s m
¦written ruarantee for ten years-
PAINLKSS METHODS. CLEAXDfO FREE.
GRADUATES ONL.Y. EXTRACTION FREE.
Week Days. 0 to 0. Sundays, 9 to 1.
POST-GRADUATE DEUTAIi COLLEGE
San Prandaco— 3 Taylor Strert.
Oakland — 973 Washington Streat.
San Joso — 45 East Santa Clara Strcst.Two cases, each entitled Contra Costa
Water Company vs. City of Oakland,
were dismissed by consent yesterday In
the United States Circuit Court, the mon
ey, whose transfer from one of tlie city's
funds to another was sought to be en-
Joined.' having been pall " to the water
company.
Contra Costa Water Cases Settled.
The United States Civil Service .. Com
mission announces an examination on
September 16-17 at San Francisco to fill a
vacancy in the position of copyist (male),
qualified as assistant librarian,, salary
$900 per annum. Apply to the United
States Civil Service Commission or t) the
secretary of the Consolidated Board of
Civil Service Examiners, 301 Jackson
street. San Francisco, for application
form 13^1.
Assistant Librarian Wanted.
What are known as the Dupont street
widening bond cases were tried and sub
mitted yesterday before Judge James H.
Beatty In the United States Circuit Court.
The title* are: AJexander J. Swift vs.
City and County of San Francisco, James
S. Shapter vs. the same. Felix J. de
Crano vs. the same, Joseph W. Mather
vs. the same, E. G. Ames vs the same
and Henry A. King vs. the same. The
case In which Alexander J. Swift is pla'n
tiff was the one selected for trial and it
was agreed that the others should share
Its good or evil fortune, the facts aad the
controverted matters of law being-siml.'ar
in all with the exception of -tlie amounts
KUtd for. The bonds were issued on Jan
uary 1, 1S77, in denominations of $1000
each, and were to bear Interest at 7 per
cent per annum, the interest to be col
lected on eemi-annual coupons
On account of some Informality the city
refused to pay interest on the coupons,
asd cults were instituted In the State
Cases Retried' in the
United States
Court.
DOPONT STREET
BONDS IN ISSUE
courts many, years ago to recover. The
foreign bondholders took their cases Into
the United States Circuit Court and
judgment was rendered In favor of #the
city and against the bondholders. The
United States Circuit Court of Appeals
granted a new trial and decided that the
statute of limitations had run against tlie
Interest coupons for the first twenty years
and that only the coupons from January,
1897, to date could.be considered In court.
The pleadings were amended in conform
ity with the opinion 'of the Appellate
Court and the cases were brought up for
trial yesterday. In the Swift case
Charles Page appeared for the com
plainant. George W. Lane, D. K. Freid
enrich, E. F. Preston, George W. E.
Bates and W. B. Cope represented tfie
municipality.
The bonds have not yet matured.
A conference of the. leading educators
of California will be held at the Univer
sity of California on Thursday, August
27, at 2 o'clock, by arrangement made by
the St. Louis Exposition Commissioner
for California 1 and President Wheeler of
the university. The purpose of this meet-
Ing, as set forth in a' circular letter went
out yesterday, is to consider what will be
the most practicable and desirable way
to secure a satisfactory representation at
St. Louis of California's department of
public education. The Commissioners In
vite all educators to ' meet at • the . time
and place Indicated that; they may, have
the benefit of as much advice as possible.
This Is Preliminary to Showing
Work of California Schools at
St. Louis Exposition.
EDUCATORS ARE INVITED
TO HOLD CONFERENCE
Past grand • Presidents— J. J.. , McDade, M.
W. Fleming, J. F. Sullivan, James Gallagher,
J. ' F. Smith, C. P. Rendon.' F. J.* v Murasky,
. The nineteenth annual convention of
the Young Men's Institute opened yester
day morning with a solemn high mass
at St. Mary's Cathedral. Later In the day
the different councils organized at the
Pioneer building, credentials were ex
amined and committees were appointed.
Rev. Father J. B. Hannlgan was cele
brant of mass. Father Jeremiah Mc-
Quire of Washington, D, C, performed
the offices of deacon and Father, William
Sullivan acted as sub-deacon. Father
Philip O'Ryan was master of ceremonies.
Father Joseph McQuaid, who delivered
the sermon, spoke briefly of ideals that
the members of the order should follow.
Following the ceremonies at the Cathe
dral the delegates were welcomed by
Archbishop Riordan at the parochial res
idence.
Later In the morning the grand council
organized with the following officers:
Members of Young
Men's Institute Be
gin Labors.
GRAND COUNCIL
OPENS SESSION
L.. W. Kelly of Santa Cruz, grand pres
ident of the order/then opened the meet-
Ing for the transaction of business. Tel
egrams of greeting to Archbishops Rior
dan and Montgomery and to the dele
gates were received from Cardinal Gib
bons, Monslgnor Falconio, Archbishops
Scanlan. Grace and Elder and Bishop Con
aty. An appropriate cablegram was sent
to Pope Pius X and adjournment was
taken until afternoon out of respect to
the memory of the late Pope Leo XIII.
The Young Ladles' Institute tendered
the visiting delegates a reception /at Na
tive Sons' Hall in the evening. < Every
one present had a delightful time and all
are now ready for the active work of the
session which begins to-day. The follow
ing named committees are In charge of
the convention: -
Credentials — F. D. O'Brien, J. J. Henely,
TV P. Farnler, A. Scar, T. II. Butcher. Press —
O. A. Stanley, M. A. Mclnnes, P. J. Haggerty.
Mileage— W. J. Aggeler, D. Martin. R. ;B.
Yeefy. Btate of Institute — C. G. Wiley, J.
Cuedet, T. A. Cody. I. W. Sharp, L.. K. Ma
han. Resolutions — F. J. Kierce, Rev. T. J.
O'Connell, J. J. Burke. Finance— K. R. My
rlck. V>. M. Bennett. Dr. T. H. Morris. J.
Lynch, J. B. Queen. Laws — J* B. Queen. Rev.
T. J. O'Connell. ¦ T. J. Moroney, C. J. Wiley,
J. P. Fitzgerald. Theater party— J. F. Com
yns, Y»\ O. Patch. R. S. Blake. , Ball— A. J.
Sullivan. W. A. Kelly, J. F. Comyns. Ban
quet—Charles G. Willey, J. H. Pinkham. P. J.
Hagan. Reception— W. A. Kelly, C. G. ,Wil
ley, E. O'Donnell, J. Doyle, J. M. Campo
donico, J. H. Pinkham, J. T. Keegan, J. W.
Shinkwtn, D. Barry, "Arthur Osborne. "'¦
Decorations — D. McGloinr M. T. Reilly, J.
Redmond- .Badges — J. A. 1 Dunleavy, T. - J. ,
Moroney, C. G. Willey. ¦ Printing — W. H. Mur
phy. CD.: O'Connor. < A". J. Bulllvan.' ,-
O 4-H-H-r-H-H-H^4-H~H-4-H~W- •
F. J. Kierce. John Lynch, Samuel Hasklns.
A.F. St. Sure, L. E. Mahan. D. J. O Leary;
grand chaplain. Rev. M. D. Slattery; grand
president, Thomas W. Kelly; grand first vice
president. James D. ¦Whalen; grand eecona
vice president. James P. Sex: grand secretary.
George A. Stanley: grand treasurer. William
T. Aggeler; grand marshal, Herman Berg;
grand Sentinels, R. H. Flowers and P^J.
Thornton; grand director*— Rev. T.J. OCon
nell. Tom A. Cody, M. A. Mclnnls. Charles
G. Willey, T. J. Moroney, J. B. Queen. John
P. Fitzgerald. J. W. Sharp; supreme deputy,
E. R. Myrlck.
VANCOUVER. B. C, Aug. 17.— A spe
cial dispatch from Nanalmo says that
two Japanese woodcutters were killed last
night by a fellow countryman. They
were killed with an ax. The murderer
has not been captured.
Japanese Woodcutters Murdered.
The Board of Works notified the Board
of Supervisors yesterday that It would de
cline to Issue a permit in accordance with
a resolution of the latter board granting
Pioneer Automobile Company permission
to construct a 4-story frame building: 54%
feet in height on the southwest corner of
Golden Gate avenue and Octavia street.
The communication says :
This revolution is in conflict with ordinance
No. 045 of your honorable body, which limits
the height of this particular class of buildings
to fifty feet.
The City Attorney on August 10, 1903, ad
vised this board that there is no power In
the Board of Supervisors to make laws deny
ing a privilege to the people at larse and
granting to one or more Individuals the right
to disobey the general law.
The Board of Public Works I* of the opin
ion that the ceneral law should be compiled
with in Jill cases, and therefore does not feel
justified in issuing to said Pioneer Automobile
Company a permit to proceed with the con
struction of fold building.
Board of Works Declares Permit
Violates Ordinance Limiting
Height of Buildings.
DECLINES TO COMPLY
WITH A RESOLUTION
Electric arc lights were ordered in
stalled at Paris and Russia streets, China
and Edinburgh streets and ' Sanchez and
Valler streets.
The ordinance authorizing the Coroner
to appoint a morgufti keeper at a salary
of $75 per month was passed to print.
The Board of Works, sent-a communica
tion to the effect. that before proceeding
with the removal of obstructions from
Twenty-seventh avenue South, between
Charter Oak and Railroad avenues, in
the University Mound and Bay View dis
tricts, the board should determine what
right, if any, the city has to the use of
the land for street purposes. More than
half of the land is claimed as private
property and the claimants are paying
taxes on the same. A survey to serve as
a guide in removing the. obstructions to
the approximate avenue lines would cost
$75.
The ordinances providing for the full
acceptance' of New Montgomery street
from Market to Howard, and Hyde street,
between Greenwich and Lombard, were
passed to print.
An expenditure of $1472 was authorized
in payment to the Howard Estate for
eight horses for use in the Fire Depart
ment.
The resolution authorizing an expen
diture of $1000 out of the general fund in
payment to Chief Engineer D. T. Sulli
van of the Fire Department to defray his
transportation expenses to the annual
convention of the International Associa
tion of Fire Engineers, to be held at At
lantic City, N. J., September 8, 9, 10 and
11, 1903, was passed to print.
The Mayor's veto of the authorization
of $517 for two horses bought by the
Health Board for the Almshouse, on the
ground that the price is excessive, was
referred to the, Health Committee.
Pursuant to the written nomination of
the Justices of the Peace and in conform
ity with the provisions of the act of the
Legislature approved March 25, 1903, the
board appointed George S. McComb Jus
tices'- Clerk. The vote on the resolution
was unanimous.
Totals $1,OSS,1OO $31,146,907 25
But there Is a matter which must not b«
overlooked. When the Government entered
into a - contract with the Union Iron Works
to build certain war vessels, it was provided
by the contract that It was unassignable. In
the conveyance of Its property to defendant,
this Government contract "and any »nd all
sums due or to become due . thereunder" were
expressly excepted. in the deed of conveyance,
from its operation. By the testimony It ap
pears that this exception was a condition
precedent to the sale. The defendant took the
property subject to this burden, and Its suc
cessor, the receiver, must do the same "With
out entering into any discussion of the law
upon this subject, I do not doubt that the
Union Iron Works should retain the posses
sion of the entire plant until these Govern
ment contracts are fully completed. If this
were not done, it Is probable that the Gov
ernment would take and retain the possession
of the entire plant until It could finish the
vessels. This, In my opinion, would be un
profitable to the Government, most disastrous
to defendant's Interests, and, if there Is any
profit in the contracts, it would be lost to the
Union Iron Works. Therefore, for the pro
tection of the Government and the enforcement
of its contracts with the Union Iron Works
the latter may retain the possession of the
entire* property and plant until It shall have
completed the vessels provided for by Its said
contracts -with the Government; that subject
to this provision, James Smith Jr. of Newark
N. J.. is appointed receiver of all the property
effects, and assets of every kind, of the de
fendant, situated within the Jurisdiction of this
court; but his possession and right thereto must
be only of such modified character as In no
way to ¦ Interfere with or retard the Union
Iron Works in the performance of Us said con
tracts with the Government. At all tiroes this
property and the receiver In his relation to It
shall be subject to such orders as to this court
shall seem best. •, >
WAR VESSEL CONTRACTS.
Much has been said concerning the Inter
ests of the Union Iron Works. What Inter
ests lias It? Certainly it has been a great
corporation; it has had an honorable career,
it has established an enviable credit — it built
the Oregon. But what Is it now? On the Sth
day of August. 1002. it sold to the United
States Shipbuilding Company all Its realty,
plants, machinery, stock, money, and every
thing it possessed, reserving nothing except Its
contracts with the Government, which It could
not ase>lgn.' and it took from defendant a leane 1
for one year on all the property, and that has
expired. The title to all that it once owned
has passed by deed from defendant to James
Smith Jr., as receiver. I am unable to com
prehend what interests the Union Iron Works
possesses which the court can protect, save
Its Interest in certain Government contracts,
in which Its manager, Henry T. Scott, says
the profit Is but nominal. While willing to
protect any Interests It may ha\ r e. nothing
tanKible appears for protection.- It has a re
spectable name, but its condition seems to
be that of genteel poverty.
Ui*>n the other hand, the complainants!
claiming that great frauds have been com
mitted upon them and other security holders
in both the organization and management of
the corporation, represent that the receiver
already appointed is competent and honor
able, and that ho will uproot the frauds and
put the defendant corporation upon a sub
stantial financial basis. The court desires that
If frauds have been committed, they be re
vealed, and that those who ¦ perpetrated them
shall reap therefrom only disappointment. To
this end whatever aldlt can extend to the re
ceiver, should be given. It may be added, that
if the deed which he now hold« to the property
as receiver does not protect It from attach
ment and other legal process, his appointment
by this court would do so.
As to the injury that the other side al
lege might be done to the property by
the appointment Judge Beatty says:
FAME IS FLEETING.
After quoting numerous authorities to
the effect that the court has jurisdiction
to appoint a receiver the opinion goes on
to say: * -\ .
It is, however, said that the malfeasance of
the officer does not authorize the court to ap
point a receiver, and authorities are produced
which support that proposition. We then
have a corporation shown to be. insolvent, and,
admitting the truth of the charges, that its
officers, through mismanagement and mal
feasance, have brought it to the collapsing
point; that .there is imminent danger that its
estate will be lost to Its security holders; that
while the appointment of th* receiver was
lawful, his hands are paralyzed: that the court
being without power to stay the wrecking of
the corporation or protect its stockholders,
must stand by, leaving the weak to the greed
of the strong. A court of chancery would
yield to such view only when overwhelmed by
authority. The authorities are not uniform,
but time to review them will not be taken.
It is not assumed that all complainants'
charges are true, but they have been made in
four other courts, each of which has granted
complainants' prayer. Moreover, that in less
than a year after its organization the defend
ant is unable to meet Its liabilities, and seems
to be upon the verge of dissolution. Is sugges
tive that very great derelictions, or very treat
frauds, or both. In its organization or in its
management, or in both, are chargeable to its
officers and manipulators. It started with es
tablished operating plants in a time of, such
activity and prosperity that from every mill,
from every Industrial plant in the country
managed with even ordinary skill and some
honesty, streams of wealth have flowed un
equaled in the history of Industrial pursuits;
and yet this company has totally failed. Thesa
facts, with those appearing from different
sources during this hearing. Justify a pre
sumption of the truth of complainants' asser
tions. They at least admonish to the exercise
of care that chicanery under the pretense of
financiering shall not be encouraged and that
the wrong may be aided in righting their
wronrs. ~),'-
GREAT FRAUDS POSSIBLE.
United States District Judge James H.
Beatty of Idaho, sitting in the United
States Circuit Court, handed down an
opinion yesterday granting the prayer of
the complainants in the suit of Roland
R: Conklin and others against the United
States Shipbuilding Company for the ap
pointment of James Smith Jr. of New
Jersey as receiver for the Union Iron
Works in this city.
In passing upon the allegations of fraud
made in the complaint the court says:
It is further charged that in May. 1903, in
furtherance of their designs to wreck defend
ant and transfer its property to themselves,
these parties entered into a plan of reorganiza
tion of detendant. This is too lengthy and In
tricate for statement here, nor i» its consid
eration essential. As a suggestion of tha
truth of complainants' charges of fraud atten
tion may be called to a provision in the "reor
ganization plan" that, "t^ assure continuity in
the management of the new corporation. • • •
a votine trust of the entire capital, stock or
the hew corporation will be created, to be ia
force for. a period of seven years, . The voting
trustees are to be five in number. The reor
ganization committee have selected as the ini
tial voting trustees Messrs. Charles M. Schwab,
George R. Sheldon,. Max Pani, Charles W.
Wetmore, James H. Reed of Pittsburg." Com
plainants say that two of these are Schwab's
attorneys. Certainly such a plan would not
only '"assure continuity in the management,"
but in view of the further insidious, provision
thai "any. vacancy thereafter occurring, caused
by the death or resignation of any voting
truBtee, shall be fl'.led by the appointment In
writing of a majority of the remaining voting
trustees?," It is evident that absolute control
for seven, years would, be assured to Schwab
and his associates, which would be ample time,
through the aid of some other shrewdly devised
provisions of this "reorganization plan," for
them to take to themselves both the perma
nent control and the title of all of defendant's
property, which it is alleged Is the end in
view. , .
Justice 41.S20 1,197,097 50
Public library and
reading-rooms 0S.820 2.823,722 50
Parks for children's
playgrounds 44,460 1,272,667 60
Park and Presidio ex
tension 19,800 560.775 0C)
Telegraph Hill Park. 35,820 1.025,392 25
Twin Peaks Park.... !>,5»0 273,1)82 5<l
St. Mary's Square.... 12,300 352.0S7 50
Mission Park 17.5SO 503,227 50
The ordinance giving notice of a special
election to be held on September 29, 1903,
to submit the question of a proposed bond
issue of $18,135,000 for new echoolhouses,
sewer system, hospital and other public
Improvements, was passed to print by
the Board of Supervisors yesterday.
The report of the Public Utilities-Com
mittee, which was adopted, recites that
the notice of election specifies the pur
pose for which the indebtedness is pro
posed to be incurred, that the bondB to
be issued shall be of the character known
as serials, bearing Interest at the rate of
3ft per cent per annum, arid shall be of
denominations -of $100, $500 and $1000 each.
The notice also specifies the amount of
the total maximum tax levy and the
maximum tax levy for one' year to be
made 'for. the payment of each proposi
tion, including interest, as follows:-
Maximum Maximum
Levy. Levy.
1 Year; 40 Years.
Hospital $00,000 $1,717,500 00
Sewer . system 435,000 12.151,875 00
Schools, sites and
playgrounds 215,700 6,174,412 60
Streets O7,-'tiO 2,784,0*57 CO
County Jail and ad- v
ditlons to Hall of
Must Not/However, Interfere
With Building of War
Vessels.
George S. McOomb Appointed
' Clerk of the Justices'
Court.
Judge Beatty Places the
Union Iron Works
in His Charge. I
Notice of Special Elec
tion Is Given by the
Supervisors.
COURT APPOINTS
SMITH RECEIVER
SHOWS MAXIMUM
LEVY FOR BONDS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 18, 1903.
10
NAPA Napa County,
|S0DA SPRINGS,| Cat.
FOR HEALTH AND PLEASURE OO TO
Napa Soda Springs. Situated 1COO feel above
the beautiful N'apa Valley. Hot and cold soda
baths. Shetland ponies and burros for children.
Two trains dally 7:30 a m and 4 p. m. Add.
DOLLMANN & JACOBS. Napa Soda Springs.
BARTLETT SPRINGS
Now is the time to re-
gain your health and
have a good time.
Write J. E. McMAHAN, Bart-
Ictt Springs, Cal., or apply at No.
2 Suttcr St., S. F., for full informa-
tion.
Pamphlets Mailed on Application.
HOTEL
Del Monte
The onlr coif links In California with full
lS-hole course equipped with perennial turf
greens. This course is provided exclusively for
the guests of the hotel.
POLO, AUTOMOBILINQ,
GOLF AND SWIMMING
The year round. Rates, S3 IK) per day and up.
Special rates by the month,' on application to
GEORGE W. REYNOLDS. Mgr. Vs
PARAISO SPRINGS
XONTQUT COUNTY. CAX.
The leading Summer Resort of the
Pacific Coast. Hot Soda and Sulphur
Baths, large Swimming Tank, first-
class table. Send for beautiful illus-
trated booklet and rates to F. W.
Schroeder, Manager, or San Francis-
co Agent, ii Montgomery street. •
TO WIND UP THE SUMMER SEASON
/ETNA SPRINGS
Is the Ideal place to go. Grand scenery, wtth
Invigorating air and health-restoring waters.
Ideal service. Charming cottage or hotel life.
Pleasure and amusements of all kinds; 97 round
trip from San Francisco.
AETRA SFXZirOS COMPAJTT,
Aotaa Sprlng-f, Napa Co., CaX
NEW ANNEX.
GOLF LINKS.
ORCHESTRA.
HOTEL VENDOME,
BAN JOSE. CAL. '
SWIMMING.
BOWLING.
-• AUTOMOBILES.
Adams Springs
LAKE COUNTY. CAL.
6TXZ.T* HAS THE CBOW9.
BEST WATER.
SUPERIOR 8ERVICB.
Daring the month of August the celebrated
Merced Concert Band In full uniform will b«
at the springs.
DR. W. R. PRATHER. Prop.
VICHY SPRINGS.
8 miles from Uklah, Mendoctno Co. Natural
electric waters, champagne baths. Only olac*
In the world of this class. FlsMng. huntlnc
Campbell Hot Springs.
16 hours' rail to Boca; stage for springs con-
nects 6 p. m. train from city; round trln in-
cluding stage. »14 60. good for season. Hatea^
(10 per week. ' *•
Seigler Hot Springs.
Natural hot baths, wonderful stomach water*,
swimming pond, games, livery; $9 to SU Der
KLAMATH SPRINGS,
BESWICK. SISKITOU C... CAL.
. EDSOM BROS.. Proprietor.,
ADVEBTISEMENTS^ "
« Just-as-good" are but Experiments, and endanger tho
health of Children— Experience against Experiment.
What is CASTORIA
Castoria Is a harmless substitute for Castor Oil, Pare-
goric, Drops and Soothing Syrups. It ia P Jea san*. , It
contains neither Opium, Morphine nor other Narcotic
substance. Its age is its guarantee. It d e str °v s TV «rmf
and allays Feverishness. It cures Diarrhoea and Wind
Colic. It relieves Teething Troubles, cures Constipation
and Flatulency. It assimilates the Food, regulates the
Stomach and Bowels, giving healthy and natural sleep.
The Children's Panacea— The Mother's Friend.
The'Dnd You Have Always Bought
yj Bears the Signature of mm^A
In Use For Over 30 Years.
THE CCNTAU1 COMPANY, TT MURRAY §THC CT ( NCW YORK 6IT V.
IUOIjHN springs
Located iJne miles northeast of Red BluS oa
the line of the Southern Pacific Railroad.
The undersigned begs to Inform ta« publta
tr.JVt It has succeeded to the ownership »nd
management of these famous springs, and It
is their puipove to conduct them In a manner
that will ¦ Insure such care and comfort to Its
patrons as will be thoroughly satisfactory. Par.
tlcular attention will be given to the cuisins
and dictng-room servlcs. Furthermore. It Is
the Intention ol th* neir owners to extensively
Improve and beautify the property — whlclK
added to th« marvelous curative properties of
the various springs In cases of Gout, Rheum**
tl*m. Catarrh of the Bladder Gravel. Diabetes.
Kidney Troubles of every variety. Urinary trou-
bles. Skin Diseases. Dyspepsia. Cystitis and
Blood Diseases of every description will placs
the "TUSCAN SPRINGS' ' In the front ran*
of the famou." m.'neral springs of the world.
Caves of RHEUMATISM GOUT ANI> AL,T»
BLOOD DISEASES WILli BE ACCEPTED
TfNDER A GUARANTEE THAT THET WIL.I*
EE CUKED V/1THIN A SPECIFIED TIM3
OR ALL EXPENSES INCLUDING RAIL-
WAT FARE. WILL BE REFUNDED.
These wonderful springs can be reached by
the Southern Pacific Company's system of ra!U
way; and Its connections throughout th«
Unlt-d States.
Tuscan Mineral Springs Corporation.
An experienced physician resides at the springs,
Sta«t« transfer service between Red BluS and
Tuscan Springs.
For rates d fare and routes of travel apply
to any Southerr Faclf.c Railroad Agent.
CAPIT0UW
r^ CAFITOI.A. CAIi.
Tha Seaside Kesort or Central
California.
Only three and a half hsnn from
Ban Francisco. Bound trio rata,
$4.50.
Boating* on Sl^er, X'tsnlnff, Brut
Bathing-, Naphtha Launches. Or-
chestra. Band Concerts. Bowling.
Board Walks, Special Amuse-
ments for Children.
August and SepUmbar/ Zdaal
Months.
Salmon risfclnff now at lta
height. Electric Hallway to Santo
Cms, four miles.
More Ir.Jormation and descriptive book
by calling on Peck's Bureau. 11 Mont-
gomery st.. San Francisco, or by ad-
Hotel Capltola. Capltola. CaL
Santa Cajalina Island
SH Hours From Los Ang»!«a.
Scaaon 1908.
Our Marios Band of 30 Artists.
OUTDOOR PASTIMES. BOATTNO. BATS-
. XKO. FISHING. OOLF. ETC.
Tha Famous Canias Gltj is Now Opsn!
With aa Entirely New Equipment, la Siad*
Grove.
HOTEL METB0P0LE, .
With Modem Appointments. Always Opea.
Reservations Made. Address
BANNING CO.. 223 SOUTH SPRING ST.,
LOS XXOELE9. OR
PECBTB BUREAU. 11 MONTGOMERY 9T..
SAN FRANCISCO.
TahOB Tavern at Lake Tatioe
Is now open for the reception of guests.
Onr patrons of last season sayt "Ta-
hoe Tavern Is the eq.nal of any sunnier
resort hotel In the world."
and that Lake Tahoe has no equal. Visit aa
and prove statement for yourselves. Ratsa
from $3.50 per day upward. Tot particulars
or reservation of rooms address Tahoe Tavern.
Tahoe City, Cal.
YOSBMITE VALLEY
ONLY 18 HOURS FROM SAN FRANCISCO.
OVER OILED ROADS tU WAWONA AND
INSPIRATION POINT.
THE ON'LT ROUTE TO MAR1POSA BIO
TREES!
THE ONLY ROUTE VIA INSPIRATION
POINT!
For particulars address A. 8. MANN. «13
MARKET ST.. SAN FRANCISCO.
HOTEL W1LLITS.
First season. New building; ud to date
equipment; over a hundred rooms, handsomely
furnished; large dintng-room: rooms en suits
with private baths: hot and cold water; elec-
tric lights; first-class plumbtng and perfect
sewerage. Redwoods and mountainous country
around with all their pleasures: center of the
deer hunting and flshlng of Mendoclno County.
$2 to $3 BO p«r day; $10 tr> $18 per week. Ad-
dress WILLIAM WEIQAND. Manager. WU-
lits. Mendoclno County. Cal.
-— ______^
Ewanton House, und«r new management,
popular . hotel of San Mateo Co. Commodious
cottages, beautiful grounds, famous pebbl-i
b«ach. flshlng. hunting, sea bathing. Phone.
Rates. 13 and $10 per week. W L. STEVENS.
Proprietor.
WeeHy Call $1.00 Der Year
I A GREAT "BRYSON." |
SLADY IN BLACK
I Or Queen of the Party. |
I FREE With Next S^d^C^Uu^l903 1
I LADY IN BLACK. |
£ It would be advisable to place orders for THE SUNDAY CALL |
3 fcjy at oncc wit^ y 01 "" local agent or newsdealer, as they are selling £^J |
I Iik « n ot cakes and the supply is limited. <* j* & j* j> & ** g
f TRAIN NEWS AGENTS AND ALL NEWSDEALERS SELL THE CALL 1
I Price 5 Cents. Price 5 Cents. Price 5 Cents. |
I THEY ARE FRAMIIMC THE CALL ART SUPPLEMENTS 1 1
| 1 ft> Following Art Dealers Are Making a Specialty of Framing Call Art Supplements: I s
« 8ACRAMENTO— Hevener. Mltr & street; Gage's art store, 609 Eaat Main 8AN DIEGO— W. P. Fuller & Co.. 71 8
'i .£~ eir xr"^* ? Da< rt». book street; Weber's art store, 425 East F street. S
5 P^TrTT-v'i"^ a „ t , Main street. ¦ FRESNO-Sronce & Dick. S
3 m tp w-2r Ar " H> - B# G °termuU, J. MARTSVILI^E-O. W. Hall. REDDING-W. H. Bergh, "Bergh »
5 q.v K T Ji B P_fl ~ — OAKLAND— E. J. Baake. 13 Tele-- Furniture Company"; T. J. Houston, O
3 ..TTiL i OBE ~" Geone Zttnn; M. L*n- , graph avenue; A. A. Barlow. 369 Houston Furniture Company. 8
3 «wv-w-™v ur , « - V • Twelfth street. REDWOOD CITT— W. L,. Kline. 8
« -51 * vlr 01 ?^ 8 ™' 1 book ALAMEDA— C. P. Magagnoa. 1358 SANTA CRUZ— H. E. Irish. Cooke H
S V?™C+ r, ?* m D^ ra<So street; Park street. Bros.. F. R. Hew. George Hoban. §
rt Btoclrton Racket store, 711 East Mala CHICO— Fetters & Williams. JACKSON— E. G. Freeman Co. Q
8 t&a^aaagcasB^SCENES FROM TWO OFFER
INGS FOR THE WEEK, AND
TWO FAVORITES.
The Central Theater scored a hit last
night with its special Grand Army week
attraction, "Cumberland, '61," a thrilling
military play based ; on incidents of the
Civil War. The house was crowded and
in the audience many gray haired, blue
coated veterans were in , evidence. The
play is patriotic and the plot replete with
dramatic power, while . _ the climaxes
arouse the audience to enthusiasm. The
scenery of "Cumberland, '61" is pictu
resque, giving views .of West Point on
the Hudson and of the grand and rugged
mountains of old Kentucky. The orches
tral music too, is a feature, . all the
American natrlotic airs and the battle
marches of North and. South being ren
dered. Herschel Mayall. as the West
Point cadet from Kentucky who espouses
the Union cause and goes South with
the boys in blue, and ] whose love for a
Cumberland. Mountain girl leads him.be
yond i tha ; Federal :. lines : and Into trying
times in a fastness . of the enemy, gave
an impersonation ¦ that - was , cleverly : con
vincing ; and that, won hlnT approbation.
Miss Eugenie Thais Lawton as the Ken-
Central.
Whatcom Club Accepts the Offer.
WHATCOM. Wash.. Aug. 17.— At a
meeting of the directors of the Whatcom
baseball club to-night it was decided to
accept the offer of President Lucas of
the Pacific National League to take
Helena's place provided this city be al
lowed to take only those players of that
team which it desires. It is stated that
Whatcom has sufficient, money in its
treasury to guarantee that it will finish
the season.
CHAMOXIX, France, Aug. 17.^-6even tour
ists. It was announced to-day, were killed
recently while attempting to climb the Aiguil
les Orltz. behind Mont Blanc, on the Cour
juiaytur fide cf the mountala sS<£h
HONGKONG. Aug. - 17.— The rioting
which recently occurred at Fat Han, six
miles from Canton, has spread to towns
along the railroad. The American en
gineers at work on the road have fired at
the rioters. Several casualties are re
ported.
Americans Fire Upon Chinese.
OGDEN. Utah. Aug. 17.— Jack Clifford
of" California and Perry Queenan of
Seattle fought twenty rounds to a draw
before a large crowd in the opera house
here to-night. : ; f v
Clifford and Queenan Draw.
GRAND CIRCUIT WINNERS.
John Taylor Takes the Hiram Wood
ruff Trotting Stake.
NEW YORK. Augr. 17.— The Grand Cir
cuit seaside meeting began at Brighton
Etach to-day with Ideal racing weather.
an attendance of €000 spectators and an
excellent programme. Summary:
The Hiram V/o&druff J5000 (take. 2:20 class,
trotting — John Taylor won the third, fourth and
fifth heats In 2:1OV4. 2:13. 2:12%: May Mc-
Gregcr won the nrrt and second heats In 2:06%,
2:11. Lafly Patch C. Horace'W. Wilson, Sen
ator MlllT, McAfiamis Jr., Katrinka K, Nick
el!«tte and Mcnroe al*n started.
*-15 pace, pur»e $1000 — Major C won th* sec
ond and third heats in 2:08; Krank Wilson won
the Grit heat in 2:0C\. Klowa and Direct t,
a!*© started.
2:01) rl«RS. pacing, pume $1000: one anfl aa
«>»<hth miles daEh— Xonnamle won In 2:25V4.
Tbuny King. Dlabllto, ]'.< rr.&do. Page Hal and
Dart also started.
2:07 c!a«*. trottlnir. purse $1500 — Rythmte
the first and **cond heats In 2:09. 2:07%».
Ftrwno. Monte Carlo. Prince of Orange, Dan
T:i:r.d Sueie J also started.
o 2:C0 clan- pacing purse $1000. mile dash—
Trine* Alert won In 2:03. Knox Kin*. Harold
H end L>an R also etf.rted.
Racing at The Meadows.
PRATTLE, W«eh., Aug. 17. — Remits at Tho
J!-a<iows :
Four and a h»!f furlonr* — Aurora B won,
FVirmich necond. Barney Owena II third. Time,
Fix frrlcn:r* — Brown Prince won. Troy, sec
or.rt. Touriet 11 third. Time. 1:14.
One mil* — William F won. Monday second,
Touitish third. Time, l:4<i>£.
Six and a half furlong* — Qurdoek won.
M^unttbjnk *ei-on<J. IJ^rendoa third. Time,
Seven and a half furlongs — Judge Voorhlea
won. Vcterano »«c©nd «••?— tj>tmA Time,
I'Shenandoah," with Its fanfare of
trumpets. Its clash of arms and its
charming love scenes, was presented suc
cessfully at the California last night. The
house was crowded to the limit, and the
audience was enthusiastic throughout the
performance. Southern and patriotic airs
by the orchestra were applauded.
California.
For every happy individual there are
a dozen who are envious.
A lawyer may be good natured even In
cross-examination.
-LOS ANGELES. Aug. 17.— Delegates
are arriving to-day for the opening ses
sion of the National Beekeepers' Associ
ation, which will convene here to-morrow.
The attendance of bee men is expected
to be unusually large. The first day of
the convention will be devoted to sight
seeing and a public reception to delegates
in the evening at which welcoming ad
dresses will be made by Mayor Snyder,
O. T. Andrews, representing the Califor
nia association, and Professor Cook of
Claremont. " •"-
Beekeepers to Meet at Los Angeles.
Chairs had to be provided for the over
flow at Fischer's Theater last night and
many had to be turned away. The doublo
bill, "Quo Vass Iss" and "The Big Little
Princess," continues a potent attraction
and the funmakers, Kolb, Dill, Bernard,
Blake and Hermsen, are, if anything, fun
nier than ever, especially In "The Big
Little Princess." Bernard as the school
mistress is inimitable and his song, "Mrs.
Plnchln's Boarding School." had to be re
peated several times. Miss Maude Amber
Is very charming 'as Sarah Crude, the fa
vorite pupil, and her song, "De Bugaboo
Man," is exquisitely rendered. .Blake and
Dill are very funny In their nursery
rhymes. Flossie Hope and Gertie Emer
son, with their twinkling feet, are not the
least attractive feature of the show. They
have a coon song and dance, "You Am De
One," and it delighted the audience. Miss
•Eleanor Jenkins sings "There's Nobody
Just Like You" in "Quo Vass Iss" very
sweetly. The choruses are well rendered
and the Indian dance is full of grace and
charm. i
Fischer's.
LONDON, ' Aug. IS.— Fourteen strikers
were killed and 100 to 1J2. wounded in a
military onslaught which occurred In tha
vicinity of Kleff as late as August U, ac
cording to a Russian corresi ondent of the
Time3. The troops, he says, fired sev
eral volleys into the strikers at close
quarters.
The correspondent regards this occur
rence as a significant comment on the
officially inspired reports that matters
had resumed their normal aspect in the
disturbed districts of Southern Russia.
RUSSIAN TROOPS FIRE
INTO MOB OF STRIKERS
Fourteen Men Are Killed and at
Least One Hundred Are
Wounded.
OMAHA, Neb., Aug. 17.— R. G. Hunt of
San Francisco displayed the finest form
of the day's games In the opening of the
Middle Western tennis tournament here
this morning. He defeated his opponent,
F. J. Hill, Omaha.
The score by points:
Hunt—*, *. 5. 2. 4, 4. 4. 4.-20-*.
HI11-1. 1. 7. 4, 1. 0, 0, 3-17-4.
Hunt— 4. 4, 3. 4. 4, 6, 2, 4—31—6.
Hill-0, 2, 6, 1, 2, 4, 4, 0-18-2.
Hunt's play was watched . with the
greatest interest by the players in tho
tournament, and the general consensus of
opinion was that he did not exert himself
to play. He played a graceful game, using
several strokes and placing marvelously
well. His cross court strokes and back
hand Btrokes were especially fine. He
seemed to have little trouble in passing
Hill at the net and returned almost every
thing put into his court. Hill's points
were gained mostly on net and out balls.
Other prominent players winning to-day
were : *
Sheldon, Kansas City; Fletcher, Gales
burg; Hopkins, Chicago; Dr. Van Camp,
Omaha.
OMAHA. Neb.. Aug. 17.— Hunt, this af
ternoon, beat Van Camp of Omaha, 6-0;
6-1. He is elated for winner of the tour
nament.
R. G. Hunt Defeats F. J. Hill of
Omaha at Middle Western
Tournament.
LOCAL TENNIS PLAYEB
DISPLAYS FINE FORM
Hodges and Launchmere, a clever col
ored couple, made a great hit at both
performances at the Chutes yesterday.
Others on a capital programme were
Jessie Dale, the young barytone, in illus
trated songs; Bandy and Wilson, a danc
ing duo; Harry Baker, a novelty musician;
the Campbell brothers, Indian club jug
glers, and Mexlas and Mexias, a clown
and his dog. The animatoscope showed
many amusing moving pictures.. The
amateurs will appear on Thursday night.
Chutes.
It being a Miller production, nothing, of
course, need be said of the mise en scene,
and "The Devil's Disciple" remains among
those things that must not be missed.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
Miss Alice Wander's Mrs. Dudgeon was
an excellent piece of work, and the An
thony Anderson of George S. Titheradge
well filled out the demands of that rather
exacting part. Claire Kulp, of the rest,
was charmingly simple and natural as
Essie.
rightly keyed, but not enough of it. He
has not the superb manner, the "grand
air" with which one credits this exiled
Chesterfield, but he still delivers the Bur
goyne witticisms with right proper point
and flavor.
"In Harvard" is by all odds the best
burlesque production that has been pro
duced at the Grand Opera-house, and thit
is saying a great 'deal. The finale of the
second act, "College Days," is a revela
tion both in color and motion and the cos
tumes are handsome in the extreme. ¦ In
fact the piece abounds in beautiful effects
and lavish scenic environment. Cfieridah
Simpson's piano specialty, in which she
imitates a music box and an autoharp,
is clevely executed and her singing seems
to improve with a second hearing. Ray
mond and Caverly have some amusing
parodies and both comedians work hard
to insure the success of the play, which
began its second week last night. Budd
Ross and Anna Wilks have a pleasing
song and dance specialty entitled "The
Red Carnation," and Harold Crane makes
a hit with his coster songs. Loutee Moore
is seen and heard to advantage In "Rain
bows Follow After Rain." in which she
is assisted by the entire chorus of pretty
girls. Julie Cotte and Winifred Gordon
give effective aid in the song "The
Troubles of the Reuben and the Maid."
Grand Opera-House.
Miller has the part of the "devil's dis
ciple," Dick Dudgeon, and Shaw's hero.
His conception has fully the gay noncha
lance of the character, its skin deep cyn
icism, its infrequent tenderness. A little,
perhaps, Mr. Miller fails In conveying the
bigness of the fellow's personality, a lit
tle, perhaps, on the visionary and idealis
tic Bide of the character. Shaw has not
given him the chance as the part Sydney
Carton gave him, too, but one still feels
that there are outlines a little fuller than
the actor has filled, colors a' little richer
than, he has painted. But 'tis a great
part, finely played, and Mr. Miller's ad
mirers must by no means miss him in it.
As Judith, the minister's wife, who falls
from sudden hate into love for the village
scapegrace, Miss Anglin has a highly con
genial part Rather cruelly ; Shaw has
painted the lady, with her tiny ideals, her
worship of distinction, her various con
ventionalities and appalling lack of hu
mor, but MIsb Anglin wins a large suc
cess in the part. The Puritan gowns are
most particularly becoming, by. the way. K
Mr. Morton Selten's General Burgoyne
is not wholly convincing. It is a portrait
in little of that fastidious aristocrat,
ear of the public on a cart
irr. Hyde Park, to the blaring of brass
bands, and this not at all as a reluctant
eacriflce of privacy to political necessity,
but because, like all dramatists and
mimes of genuine vocation, I am a nat
ural-born mountebank." So Shaw, in his
illuminative preface to the "Three Plays
for Puritans." of which the first, "The
Devil's Disciple," was presented by Henry
Miller, Margaret Anglin and their com
pany .last night at the Columbia Theater.
For in spite of all temptations to be
long to other nations, we have again
among us those eminently welcome play
ers. How welcome, last night's reception
simply proved over again. These two have
a unique niche in the local play-goer's
heart. They are peculiarly our own, and
we love 'em for it, faults and all. Tho
winsome Anglin first found herself
famous here, and 'twill be a far day when
Miller is forgotten In San Francisco. One
felt It right friendly, but only true, when
Miller said his and Miss Angln's "how
dye-dos," for him to say that last night
was a home-coming for them, and that
the good-bye to be said in five weeks
would be inconspicuously cheerful. But
the house, filled to its last seat and more,
Btopped Mr. Shaw's "brass band" for sev
eral measures when Miss Anglin came
in, grace itself In her Puritan browns.
The appearance of Henry Miller was the
signal for another intermezzo, . and ' the
audience did its best to compel a curtain
speech at the time Shaw closes his first
act. It was a welcome to be proud of,
un-Columbian quite In Its frank noise,
and the actors surely enjoyed it. At
least I saw Miss Anglin's pretty mouth
puckered for a "good" cry over it!
Subtract the personal popularity of the
chief players and one still finds in "The
Devil's Disciple" a play shrewdly inter
esting, of a ripe piquancy and rare flavor.
The "brass band" is over It all, but how
well it is handled! One minds not at ail
any more than In an Oscar Wilde play —
that the characters are simply the mouth
pieces of the author, that the Presbyterian
minister preaches "The Quintessence of
Ibsenism"; that General Burgoyne voices
—in the Shaw manner, wholly delicious—
the witty Irishman's opinion of British
stupidity; that* Dick Dudgeon's gospel is
Shaw's creed. The whole thing is posed,
but -how excellently posed! The char
acters are blocked in with a frank the
atricallsm that Is productive of nothing
but joy, and one takes in even trie time
worn dispatch at the foot of the scaffold
with a lovely and wholesome acceptance.
Mechanically the play Is superbly built
and it eucceeds in leaving, In Its own
peculiar fashion, just the Impression Shaw
desired to convey. Puritanism has never
been more slyly and daringly pilloried,
nor the colonial war more acutely rid
iculed. The audience was delightfully re
sponsive. Mrs. Dudgeon's vicious puri
tanlsm, as she attacks the poor Illegiti
mate left in her keeping, immediately
struck the audience on its humorous spot,
and from there until the end of the play
there was a continuous gurgle. The dia
logue, being Shaw's, could not do other
than scintillate. That is where it so
heavily loseB In realism and one so heav
*ily gains in enjoyment.
f / llEY tel1 me tnat So-and-So.
DC a who does not write prefaces
jj to his plays, is no charlatan.
¦** Well, I am. 1 first caught the
There was great curiosity to see the ex
preacher, Edwartis Davis, who"* ap
peared for the first time in this city be
fore a goodly number of people who had
heard him in the pulpit. He was the
ostensible hero of the play, lover, abo
lition orator, husband of the heroine,
rescuer of the squire, who, according to
a stage idea as old as the history of the
drama itself, is about to be sold out on
foreclosure of mortgage. The truth is
that Davis made , a dignified figure for
the most part. There were some manner-
Isms that, were reminiscent of pulpit ora
tory, but the general effect of his work
was good. He was successful beyond or
dinary expectation- and never awkward.'
He evidently has. enough dramatic ability
to make a very much stronger showing
with greater experience. Hardly too
much can be said in favor of H«nry D.
Byers as Squire Hurley. The same praise
may be given to Tony West as Joel Whit
beck, the Yankee peddler, whose clever
ness had a tang to it. Excellently well
also did Marie Howe, Oza Waldorp, Juliet
Crosby, Helen Hartley and Herbert Ash
ton. Clarence Baker does a nice turn
/(rith a sentimental ballad. Applause was
liberal to the end. The indications all
were that in' "The Dairy Farm" the Al
cazar has picked a winner.
tucky belle whose love of a Union hero
overcomes her: sentiment for the South
looked and acted the part charmingly.
Miss Lawton is one of the clever and
beautiful daughters of the Blue Grass
State. Henry Shumer had the thankless
role of a conscienceless Southern colonel,
an officer who lacked the chivalry pro
verbial of the South, and George P.
Webster gave an effective Dick j Kansett,
a cadet with a hjstory ; and an oath of
vengeance. - George Nlcholls played well
the. part of the sturdy mountaineer who
harbors' a vendetta aealnst the family
of the hero. - : He Is the father of the
heroine and he strikes, at the Union hero's
life in the most startling ecene of the
drama, on a bridge which has been set
afire to prevent the " biuecoat's escape.
The staging was all that the manage
ment advertised. There were live fowls,
a live horse, a very fair stage snowstorm,
Jingling bells to indicate the arrival of
sleighs for the "squire's" merry-making
on Christmas eve, at least two score of
people on the stage at once, moonlight
enough to seem real in a courtship scene
and to send romantic thrills through the
callow minded, a village street so ar
ranged that the peddler's cart is driven
realistically through it. and other details
were provided to give excellent semblance
of reality. It was worth all theNmoney
expended on lta production and all the
money an audience,' that crowded the
house paid to see It.
It Is sweet and pure and filled with
laughter, the laughter being due about
equally to the skill of the playwright
and of the very clever work that marked
its production at the Alcazar.
No one will accuse the play writer of
not furnishing enough material, for the
play was not done until hard upon mid
night. This was due to long waits be
tween scenes, Incidental to the first pro
duction, but had the waits been shorter
the play would have filled up three hours
or more. «
"The Dairy Farm," the , play in
which Edwards Davl3- V made his initial
bow to the public as a professional
thespian, "is pure, sweet and whole
some." It is more than that, for it Is
also interesting. Strongly it t reminds one
of "Hazel Kirke," famous ¦ on the stage
for phenomenally long -runs of continu
ous favor, especially in the character of
Squire Hurley, the man of "Iron will."
It outdoes "Uncle Tom's Cabin" in the
outrages that It depicts as having been
perpetrated on one particular black man
who is a refugee slave, and is betrayed
to his former servitude when in the hands
of a supposed friend who is to conduct
him to Canada. This the black man fin
ally revenges by a murder.
No one will say that "The Dairy Farm"
is original in any particular, but it was
cleverly compiled from a great amount
of available material of proved value in
affecting the risibilities and command
ing the tears of audiences, and the result
Is that it stands forth with prom
ise of. being a strong and continued suc
cess.
h^ LEANOR MERRON made good to
San Francisco last evening on her
claim which appears on the Alca
*4 tat Theater programme, ¦¦¦ that
Tivoli.
D<> Koven's "Highwayman," with Ca
mllle d'Arville and Arthur Cunningham
In the leading roles, still pleases at the
Tlvoli, and the opening night of the final
week drew as large a house as the first,
notwithstanding the counter attractions
of the electric lights and the old soldiers
on the streets. Miss d'Arville was in good
voice last night and sang with a spirit
and sweetness that won continued en
cores. Edwin Stevens, the Foxy Quiller
of the opera, was in his best vein and
kept the audience convulsed with merri
ment. Stevens' humor 13 spontaneous and
i3 never overdone. Ferris Hartman as
Lord Kilkenny was an irresistible cari
cature of an Irishman and kept the an
dience In a roar. "With "Webb and Annie
Myers added to these there is no lack of
comic talent In the Tlvoli company.
Elfle Fay, who winds up the programme
at the Orpheum this week, is termed "the
craziest soubrette on the American stage."
She might more aptly be called the fun
niest, for she does stunts that would bring;
shouts of laughter from a chronic dys
peptic, and she does them in a manner
that shows that aside from her "crazy"
antics she is a little lady who possesses
talent enough to place her far ahead of
many so-called star comediennes. '
OTpheum.
SAEATOGA ENTRIES.
RABATOGA, Aug. 17.— Weather c!tcr; track
fert. entries:
Jir^! race. *pven furlonps. handicap, three.
: ? -<:iaude 117. Flying £hip 115,
trkejr Dwycr 115. Stamping Oround JOti,
.« Csrio lOB. Castalian 10^. Payne 105,
ville IC2. Insold lf*>. Gold BMI 100. St.
; iU>, Fcrwer'l 'J7. Courtmaid !>5, Damun
1-i Prisca Ottos 00, Orion* 00.
'• r:i ra<^", one mil*, three-yen r-oMi and
u: wa^d. r*>l!inf— Star and Garter SS, Beverly
The Ilpgent 1CS. Choate 1C1. Arklet R6,
«= rr,er*f-l 101. Albany Girl N«. Semper Vivex
J-i. Lucent 1M. Gib*on L*eht 103. Scoffer 06,
Tn* i>iu» r.s, Pas« Book SS.
Third rer«>. five and a half fur!onr-«, ttro
j<?.r-cld«. for maiden fillies— Red Lirnt 112.
Aflriutha 112. Charter 112. Silver SUpper 112,
Vifsir.*; Link 112. Testimony 112, War Tirnei
1!2, Oanfftrwi 112 DcsUr.y 112. I'alette 112.
Ft Lurk 112. Good Cheer 112, Mlneola 112,
Mor.ocfc-jrd 112. WJsteria 112.
Fourth rare, ™« mV.f and a furlons:, the
Merchants' and Citizens* handicap three-year,
olda and upward— Heno 120. Cauphnawaga" 106.
M<f»t»nr.an 114. ATrirander 118 Huiter Ralne
IW. K'rmie 124, Yariarm 103, IriKh Lad 120
G;rdl* V».
I-^ifth rac*. six furling*. two-yfar^>ld»
rreciriuii Ftcne 107. Krrbhampton 110, E?per
•r;-e 3<j2. Rob Rcy 102. Jocund 110. Wctan 117
lUnah (Shad 107, Yellow Hammer 105. Abdeli
1CS. Golden Drr>p \<f7. Htzelwood 122 Moharib
J10. Mercury 105. Caseine 110. Bobiuli'l lia
Fixth race, one and a Elxteenth mlleR, on
turf, three-jfear-olds and upward, selling
Kalif 103. Tribes Hill 111. Partnership 03
f tcnewall 101. Sweet Alice fctf Stroller 85 Dark
I'lanet 1C3. Mnsketo 102, Hoodwink 101 Flara
lfJ, P»rr Hook *l. Ee^y Street 104.
SABATOGA SELECTIONS.
By the New York Telegraph.
First race — Castalian, Infold,
Claude.
Second race — Choate, True Blue,
Albany Girl.
Third race — Uineola, Grand Vi
ttsse, Testimony.
Fourth race— jlrish Lad, Hennis,
Africander.
Fifth race — Golden Drop, Adbell,
Yellow Hammer.
Sixth race— Sweet Alice, Mosketo,
Partnership.
SARATOGA. Aug. 17.— Rain fell for
r.early an hour before the first race, and
sufficiently eo to have some effect on the
track, even though in two races the win
ners ran a mile in better than 1:40. There
la no doubt, bowerer, that the track was
rendered just soft pnoujrh to make In
junction ivv*l j:i it. to cause Divination's
defeat arai to make it impossible for the
well backoci Eugenia IMrch to run up to
her recest work.
Divination did rot leave hor competitors
¦with the- burst of fpotd which was a feat
tire of her last victory. She was properly
the favorite and up ti> the last furlong
{-••(¦med likeiy to win. but here it was that
The Lady Rohesia. under a creditable bit
of hand ridinp by O'Neill, came away
and won cleverly. The stake won by
T!.'~ Lady Rohesia was called the Ken
tucky, with soiling allowances, and was
*enh 52t35 to the winner.
Weather clear: track pood. Summary:
F1BST RACE— Saline. 3-year-olS» and ur-. .
*• n a tvxUmst \
liouir.p. Hone, \\>i£-ht. Jock"}-. Ft. - t Fin.
K to 1 — F»t-a Mice. B3 <l>t-»ou:a) s 4 1 h
10 to 1 — «J!r>n-5?.. <Mi-Ca!Tertj > 2 <> 2 h
If. to 1— Partslesse, $i tH.«."Ji!ahan> i 1 3 h
Time. l : ;>. r^tait ptmd. Won driving,
v. ir.n»-r. fieaaance Btafcte'a ch. t. by Flyintc
I utchman-Hemnn-r". Futurita IXS. Uis^rta
1' X K\r.:e L l"i. Trinity Dell Jl3. Mar>' Street
f.>. SiaTjel Rlcha«lu.-.n 104, Ice Water ia3, also
ran.
FrrOND RACE-Handicap. Eteeplischasf.
ab'ut two rr.ne«>:
Brtti&K. Uct?e. Woirht. Jnckey. St. *i Fin.
•: to 1— CslJpr. 157 <C. Wilson).. 2 1 1 15
t »o 1— A-JJid'urr.o 147 (W.IIeider) 7 :t 2 10
• to C — Arian. ISM . ;.:,.r.. i 4 2 31U
Tim*. «:)„'. 2-.Y Ftort «uod. WoS Mri'.j"
V. lnr.er. J. E Wider.er s b. *. by Tarr.rr.any-
C*ie<:onta. Manllian ISO. Polornon I3S, Sallaft
l-<. fclUtr Twift V.i', Ten Cjwi.1I.>? l. r i5, Big
Cun iTnt, Drau?htsa;an 1U3. also ran. Last
two Ml.
THIBO RACE— Kentucky veUlns Ftakes.
2-> car-old*. f:ve sn«i a half furlongs:
kfetttac Horse. Weight. Jockey. Pt. -V Fin.
f lo 1— The Lady Roh<fia. 1C4
(ON>I!!) 2 « 12
r. to R-!'ivlr.ation. Ill <ne<ifera) 3 12 2
-O to 1— To Far. :»* r^onsell) .... 5 2 3 h
Tirr.r>. 1 .( 7 o-J. Finn pood. Vton cleverly
v ,nr.. r. P. L-<rillardc b. t. by Ingoldsby-Tht-
Governem. Salada 00. Naupnty Lady If -8
Fr-:-irb Vvm>- in. Inyui* itive Girl »9, Tei>ee 1CK5
C;;jrn-r.n; Ji 2. «l?o ran.
T-OT.-RTH RACE— Hancicar: all age«- one
it;:!*:
itfWnf, Kane, Weight, Jockey. Ft. *; Fin
4 to 1— Jnjunct.on. II » iCsnncn) 21 14
.. to l— Fir I'oorhlas, 100 ili.Cailahn) 4 2 2 :i
b to I— Lord Badg*. 104 <Hp<Jfern>. 1 5 n 1
Tim*. 1 ;3« .T.r.. Star* eoofl. Wen *af 'iv
V";r-ncr. F. P KeeiW. rh. o. by St. l^onard»
rrafcJWtfcxa ll. J»:kp or Kendall 111* Stamp-
Ire tir"un1 Ktt, Elliott lf»s. -VVj-eth 1I3 Hy
land BBC H'^f-rvaticn "I", alco ran.
FIFTH RACE— Purae; mtiden two-year-olds-
Ml far! r.ps :
U«tUn». Horn, Weight Jorkey. 6t. *i Fin
Mo I— SUbrct. irt< <HK-ksi 1 :i 1 6
s ;., ; — i{ { t, n n y, ley tHrAlcmt. .. 2 J 2 1
\U to '-i:!a,'kam(xr. 112 <Ful!er>.. 3 2 3 h
Tim*-. J:l*. Strrt porr. XFtm cayily. Win
r"''. .T. K. M»d'!»n's Mk. g. by Piaudit-D Xr P
l!nck«war 112. R!u!xh 1J2. Brooklyn 112. Hyla?
I0». DtitlfBl 112. Rap*rrly J12. Knipht Krfar.t
312. Aniarrf 109. Ttiery !t^. F1*x!on 122, Strike
r - Lir-t-.t !12, r>rt riains 112, Standard '100, i
raa.
— _ ' :
BIXTH r.ACE— rurpe; three-year-olds and
,,. nu - r - . ; . r .» nlie: •
l; t- n« t;. r^.<\ Weight. Jockey. St. s i Fin.
V. riarin. 1I« <01om» 13 12
: ¦ u. Chanornor. if« rCTNtUl) « i 2 h
4 I Bft4 N*«*«. 100 «Fulier> 3 2 3 4
':;?!•-«. Start r»ir. Won drivlrp.
[nnrr, K it. Thoma:'' th. c. by Henry of
'-:>-U»ul(. Hart*inif 103. Kug-cnia Bur«-h
" * Oarioui 1>A. «'anaj<.harie 102. Counterpoise
i. Kl«"tful <&. Lanark 89. Gold Money 104.
Bjx-cial Dispatch to The Call
First race— Temptress, Dave Som
ers, Water Edge.
Second race— King Rose, Harry
Griffith, Lacache.
Third xace— Sweet Dream, Mac-
Beth, Fugurtha.
Fourth race — Hugh McOowan,
Wreath of Ivy, Old Stone.
Fifth race — Nearest, Alfio, Mal
lory.
Sixth race^ — Pourquoi Pas, Stand
Pat, Irish Jewel.
Sixth race, one mile anil seveifty yards. sell-
Ing — Noweta Ul Stand Pat 96. Pourquol Pas
86 Hilee 106, Montana Peeress 91. Helen Print
102, Irish Jewel 1C5. W. B. Gates lc«.
KINLOCH PARK SELEC11ONS.
By the New York Telegraph.
Fifth race, seven and a half furlcngs. purse
— Alflo 101 Benson Caldwell 105. Nearest 110,
Mallory 101, Hottentot 9S.
First race, six and a half fnrlon;?*," sellinir—
Uncle Samuel 107. Slddara 100. Eliza Cook 105.
Golden EaBter 111, Worthingtoa 110^ Dave
Sommers 113 Sting 105, Legation 100, Water
Edge 107 Crossmollna 103, Temptress 100,
Salada 103.
Second race, six furlongs, parse. «elllng —
Lacache 95. Atruant 95. Tangent 103. Stu!>
103 Decoration 11«, Sid Silver 109. Irby Ben
nett 100 Whit Arthur 100. Budweis«r 95. K!n<
Rose 10C Joe Buckley 10O. Howard P 100.
Mimo 111'. Harry Griffith 100.
•Third race, six and a half furlongs, selling —
Reducer 107, l.'na Price 103, One More 107,
Tenny Belle 100. Sweet Dream 103, Ladas 110,
Northern Spy 110, Macbeth 107, Miss Guldo
05 Lou Clieveden 100, Fugurtha tS.
Fourth race, six furlongs, handicap, purse —
Fenian 96 Ben Adkins 10O. Wreath of Ivy 101.
Hugh McGowan 90. Old Stone 104, Ratnland
119.
ST. LOCIS. Aue. 17. — Weather clear; track
fast." Kinloch Park entries :
KINLOCH PARK ENTRIES.
SIXTH RACE — One and an eighth mllea, sell
lnz:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
12 to 1— Baronet. 104 *F. Smith). 4 2 12
.1 to 1— Tiekful. 80 (Howell) 1 1 2 4
7 to 2— Jena, 1C4 (Sheehan) 8 5 SI
Time. l:5fi. Start poor. Won easily. Win
ner, J. F. Daniels & Co.'s ch. h. by Prince
Rcyal-Llttle Tag. Whttmore ftft. Irving Mayor
104. Whalenack 104. Ml'sion 104. Goldone 102.
Chandoo 105. Dawson 107. Terra Incognita 89,
False 1C2, Little Lo!s 1C2, also ran.
Time, 1:47^4- Start good. Won easily.
Winner. M. Goldblatfs b. g. by Hart Wallace-
Florence Shanks, Menace 1C5. Tony Leppln*
10O, Worthington 1(K, Canyon 97, Blanco 98.
Murmur 92, Araxes 95, also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Mile and seventy wards.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »4 Fin.
4 to 1— Dr. Hart. io:t (?heehan).. 12 14
20 to 1— Lynch, 98 (Perkins) 4 1 2 h
13 to 1— Alborac. 97 (McComas)... 8 4 3 2
FOURTH RACE — Mile, purse:
Eetting. Horse. Welsht. Jf>ckey. St. % Fin.
Even— Miss Ma Day, 105 (F.Smth) 1 1 1H
o to 1— Little Scout. 103 (Shehn) 4 6 2 h
6 to 1— Ta6y Toea. 107 (Fantlroy) a 4 3 H
Time, 1:41H. Start good, i Won handily.
Winner. W. W. Elliott's br. m. by Hermence-
Aala Lalla. Macy 103. Lady Strathmor* 88,
Joe Lesser 107. also ran.
THIRD RACE — Five furlongs; port*:
Bettiny. Horae Weight. Jockey. St. % Fia.
2 to 1— Mafalda, 103 (Austin) 2 2 1 n
7 to 2— Jehane. 03 (Bridewell).... 3 1 2 1»4
5 to 2— Mag Nolln. 108 (Watson).. 4 4 3 5
Time 1:01%. Start good. Won driving.
Winner E. P Hayes" b. f . by Russell-Sopranix
Interrogation 103. Perla 9S. also ran.
SECOND RACK — Six furlongs; selling:
Betting. Horse Weight Jockey. St. Fin.
7 to 1— Irene Mac. 10O (Mclntyre).ld 5 12
8 to 5— Miss Gould, 100 i Hiex'.rw). . 4 4 2 n
8 to 1— Aylmer Bruce. 10O (Bridwl) 1 1 3 «
Time. 1:15. Start good. Won easily. Wla
ner H. Dernham's b. f. by Hi* Highness-Kar
ma. Kitty Cut a Dash 104. Rejoice 104. Mag
honl 95. Blsuka 95. Betmuda 95. Styte 10O. Sti
ver Fringe 100. Redola 100, Lexington Boss 100.
also ran.
'ST. LOUIS, Aug. 17.— Miss Mae Day,
the even money favorite, won the fourth
event at Kinloch Park; this afternoon In
handy fashion. She jumped Into the lead
at the start and maintained it through
out, winning by a half length.
Mafalda won the third race by a nose
from Jehane, after a vigorous rida
through the stretch. •
Weather clear, track fast. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Four and a half furloajs;
purse :
Betting. Horse. Weight Jockey. St. *i Fin.
2 to 1— Toupee. 115 t3heehan> & 2 1 H
5 to 2— Anyway. 115 <McCloskey) 3 1 2 H
ff to 1 — MaJ. Carpenter. IIS (Smith) 6 3 3 1
Time, :54*i. Start good. Won drivln*.
Winner, L_ Simpson's br. c. by Tenny-Flore«.
Foxy Grandpa 113. Our Hills 113. Turrando
IIS. Juvenella 115. The Frisco Line 11$. Rye
vale 115. Grief 115. . Arlo 115. King's Charm
US. Hogarth 115. also ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Ernest HoweH, Millar Bacon, Genevieve
Kane and Myrtle Vane contribute a pret
ty comedy element to the play. "Cum
berland, '61" will draw good houses all
the week.
¦ Ex-Champion "James J. Corbett win
leave to-morrow night for St. Louis,
where he will appear In his monologue a£
Highland Park. From there he will go td
Boston, where he will appear. He has al
ready many weeks' engagements booked
in advance.
"Young Corbett" has sent $1500 out to
Harry Corbett to bind his fight with Bea
Jordan, the English pugilist, for the
featherweight championship of the world.
The battle will take place in this city in
October and is sure to draw a crowd, j
The mill will be under the auspices of
the San Francisco Athletic Club. The
enly objection that "Young Corbett" has
to the fight Is the fact thkt it will lake
place here in October and at that time
the race horse men wlU not all be out
here. . Corbett would like to have his race
track friends gathered round the ringside
when "the event comes off.
"Jud" Gibbs has telegraphed Light
weight Champion Gans and Joe Walcott,
offering them a liberal purse if they will
flght before the San Mateo Athletic Club
at Colma. This athletic club has in
course of construction a large pavilion
capable of seating 10,000 spectators. G'bbs
is manager of the club.
HAWTHORNE SELECTIONS.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race— My Gem, Lanark, In
structor.
Second race — The Kentuckian, Sar
dine, Father Wentker.
Third race— The Giver, Glassful,
Hargis.
Fourth race — John McGurk, Judge
Himes, Bondage.
Fifth race— Floyd K, Serge, Mam
selle.
Sixth race— Big Ben, Incuhator,
Ethylene.
Fifth rac*-. one mile and seventy yard*, sell
ing — Serge 103, l*ord Melbourne lC'O. Kentucky
Cardinal '99. Mamselle 09. Mr. Dingle VJ. Full
back 9s Itanana Cream 9S. Miss Clancey i)H.
Floyd K !>S, Mezzo H7. Sir Faust flj.
Sixth race, six furlongs — Federal 119. Bronz«
Wing 117 Evening Star 117. Galba 115, Big
lien 112, Ethylene 112. Angeio 112. Incubator
Hit First Chip 110, W-r-Ain 110. Rosamond 110.
Bub Franklin 11<». Wolfram 107, Martinmas
107, Lady Matchless 105.
Fourth rare, one and three-eighths miles —
John Mc-Guik 1O. Beysls McCarthy H9, Judge
Himr-s i«J Barca 0.1. Bondage 03.
Kir^t rare, four and a half furlr-ris*. maidens
— AlamanfT 115. Freckman 115, Parro 115,
Frank Carr 118 Fox Lake US, Instructor 115,
Lanark 115. Our than 112. My Gem Hi, Mis*
MeMeefcta 112. Liberty Bell 112. Klan 112,
Codex 112. Sauerkraut 112. Justine Morel 11-'.
Second race, six furlonps. sf-Ilint? — The Kon
tuckian 112. Port Royal Hfl. Father Wcntker
1<>7. Pat MorriFsey 112. Ras Tap 100. Sardine
100, Ivr-rnia US. Zyra ti5. Muresca t)5.
Third race. cn« mile. handicap— Harris 112,
Ths <W-v*r 1O>, JWarulw im. .Glassful. 101,. The
Forum 07.
CHICAGO. Aue. 1". — WcathT clear; track
sl!"w. Hawthorne entries:
HAWTHORNE ENTRIES.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO. Aug. 17.— The racing at
Hawthorne to-day was of the ordinary |
kind. The Speculation Stakes was Epoiled |
by numerous scratches, only three horses .
going: to the post out of sixteen original ;
starters. Dick Welles, at the prohibitive !
price of 1 to 5, won In a common canter, j
Weather clear, track fair. Summary: j
FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs; purse:
Bitting. Horse. Wtight Jockey. St. % Fin.
2 to 1— Skilrul, 10.1 U'hllllps)... 1 1 1 n
2 to 5— Ur«-gor K. 103 <H*lgt*en) 2 2 2 12
Un> to 1— It. llurk. 1O.» <\Vill:ams). :i 4 3 j
Time. 1:28 :{-5. Stait good. Won driving, j
Winner. C. R. Ellison's b. c. by Mirthful* |
Skadi. Tabellarius ICO. John Lemons 103. also j
ran. ;
SECOND RACE — Steeplechase; short course;
handicap:
B.ttlnp. Horse. Weight Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 1— 1'aulaker. Hi) <Zeno) 2 1 1 h
15 to 1— Joe McGf«, 129 (Johnson) 4 2 2 1^ i
7 to 1 — Cry ion 1(J2 ( Wilton) 13 3 7 i
Time. 2:54 2-5. Start fair. Won driving. ;
Winner. Mrs. R. Bradley'* b. 6. by Aloha-Pink I
H. Gra Machine 130. alto ran. Duke of York: J
15S. Indian II li«. fell. j
THIRD RACE — One m !e; SpJculatlon stakes: j
Bating. Horec \\>1*1H Jocieey. St. % Fin. !
1 to 5— Dick UV.Us. Mtf (Knight) 2 1 1 24 !
i, to 1 — Oreina, fly (Adkins) 3 2 2 2Va i
11 to 1 — Flocarilne. D8 (Heigesen) 13 3 j
Time 1 :•*(.' 4-5. Start good. Won easily. !
Winner. J. B. licsptss' b. c. by King Eric- I
Tta's Over.
FOURTH RACE^One and a quarter miles,
Ht'tung. Hotr*. \Ye'*ht. Jockey. St. % Fin..
15 to 1— Cuiate. 107 <Heige»cn) 7 3 In |
13 to 1— Kunja. 99.Wiir.amF) 1 1 2 4 |
40 to 1 — Lou Woods, 09 (Spencer) 3 5 3 n j
Time. 2:C^ 1-5. Start good. Won driving.' I
Winner <\ Hale & Sons" b.g. by Carlsbad- i
Gen. a. Little Elkin 101. Cornwall 1C8. Com- |
pate. 10*. The Ladaran 107, Wing Dance 103, i
Frank Me W, Learoyd 105, also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Five furlongs, purse.
' Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin. |
1 2 to 1— V.ltchrraft. 104 (Wilson).. 1 '.i 1 Vt •
' :; to 1 — Copj'^rncld. 10:5"<S.Bonner).4 4 2 14 |
l «.i to 1 — Rui-k. ivr. iH?ice?en) 5 1 3 n i
! "Time. 1:01 3-5. Start gocA. Won easily. !
' Tt'ir.ner E E. Smathsrs" ch. '. by Horoscope- >
Oueennan. Touchstone 104. Peter I'aul 112, t
;t>|jten KO. Sweetie 104, Katte Powers 100, <
lrifh 6ire<J« ICB, l.uura Belle 100. Montazell
, 100. also ran. •
SIXTH RACK— fix furlong*, P'Jrs*.
1 Bptiir.K. Hor<-. VvXpht. lacker. St. *i Fin.
: 2 to 1 — PUnudes, 112 iHelKetm). ..:i 4 1 n t
; 20 to 1 — Pr-ft Man. 1CJ> <i>;rit«>nruih).7 «> 2 n ]
! Even— Callant. 114 <iv>rainlck) 1 8 3 V4 :
i Time 1:10. ?tart Rood. Wen drivtnfc. Win-
I tier. T.. •"Vrrieari'p "n. h. bjr St. s»!in:>n-Lewly. !
Handler Crops IC«. Fharples? J12, Ma V 107. j
; Pftnvy H'.t Marsbalsfr. 1'fl, Golden Wishes j
1 112. GiWnock 112. P<a Pirate 109. also ran. J
Nose in Race for
" Youngsters..
Mafalda Beats Jehane by a
Heavily-Backed Gregor K Is
Beaten by Skilful at
Hawthorne.
Plans for the Featherweight
'Championship Battle
< in October. , j
Injunction and The Lady Ro
hesia Win From Good
Fields.
Leads From Start to
Finish in Kinloch
Event
-1—1 V vJ i-l U.
Dick Welles Canters in
First in the Specu
lation.
Will Appear in Mono
logue at Highland
Soft Going- Changes the
Aspect of Several
Racea
SCRATCHES MAR
STAKE EVENT
SUDDEN SHOWER
AT SPA TRACK
MISS MAE DAY
TAKES HANDICAP
CORBETT PLANS
TO LEAVE CITY
THE SAF FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 18, 1903>
Henry Miller and Margaret Anglin Are Seen to Advantage in George
Bernard Shaw's Great Play— Large Audience Delighted With
the First .Production of "The Dairy Farm" at the Alcazar
"THE DEVIL'S DISCIPLE" PROVES
BRILLIANT AT THE COLUMBIA
11
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
J J iy l-^^^ The best known and most popular blood purifier
|(7^P^?^ and tonic on the market to-day is S. S. S.
•^==^^ °\^7 There is hardly a man, woman or child in America who
has not heard of **Sm S* Sb ton tho blood*" It is a standard remedy,
a specific for all blood troubles and unequalled as a general tonic and
appetizer. S. S. S. is guaranteed purely vegetable, the herbs and roots
of which it is ccftnposed are selected for their alterative and tonic prop-
erties, making it the ideal remedy for • ¦
all blood and skin diseases, as it not FBOM
only purifies, enriches and invigor- C0WOBE8SMAN IiivuxOSTON,
ates the blood, but at the same time ' . OF QEOSGIA.
tnnp<! tin thr* +irt>A n»t-tr»a »ti<1 mV^a * know Of the Successful US« OX
tones up tne^tirea nerves and gives s. s. s. in many cases. It is the beat
Strength and vigor to the entire blood remedy on the market.
For Chronic Sores and Ulcers, fkosx
Catarrh, Rheumatism, Blood Poison, KX-GOV. alljsn d. cakdleh.
Malaria, Anaemia Scrofula Eczema, i^S'ft^t^
Psoriasis, Salt Rheum, Tetter, Acne ever used,
and such other diseases as are due to a
polluted or impoverished condition of the blood, nothing acts so promptly
and effectually as S. S. S. It counteracts and "eradicates the germs
and poisons ; cleanses the system of all unhealthy accumulations and
soon restores the patient to health. Write us and our physicians will
give your case prompt attention without charge.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, CAs /OCEANIC AND JAPANESE
LINERS WHICH ARRIVED IN
PORT YESTERDAY.
Branch ' Hydrographlc Office, U. S. :*. N., J&r
chants'- Exchange,' San- -Francisco. Cal.,
¦ August 17. 1903,- ¦' - ¦ -
The time -ball -on .the -Ferry : building . was
dropped exactly at noon to-day, 1. e., at noon
Time Ball.
The steamer Marlpoea sailed on Saturday for
Tahiti with an assorted merchandise cargo,
valued at $37,824, and Including the following;
2160 bbls flour. 50,774. lbs bread, 11,451 , lbs
beans, 21.500 lbs rice, 241 pkgs potatoes and
onions, 448 lbs ham and bacon. 2fiO lbs 2 cs
roilletuffs. 3400 lbs 2 pkgs salt. 15S pkgs gro
ceries and provisions, 3S0 cs canned goods,
11.639 lbs sugar, StiSl gals wine. 24 pkgs /beer,
406 cs canned 48 pkgs pickled salmon. 206 ctli
barley, 07 ctls wheat, 754G lbs bran, ' 329 lbs
Merchandise for Tahiti.
Unlted States . Coast ! and Geodetic. Survey-
Time and Heights of High- and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. v
NOTE— The • high and low waters occur at
the city frortt (Mission-street .--:iarf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point;' the height of
tide 'Is the same, at both places. ¦
• TUESDAY. AUGUST 18. /
Sunrises . ..... .....~.......'. •".. .5:27 a. m.
Sun sets . ..;.7:00 p. m.
Moon rises .,....'.•.. .:...... .".'.0:46 a. m.
0 iTlmel - [Tlmel Time Time
£ — — Ft. \* Ft. — — Ft: Ft.
."» |L:W ¦ H W - , -• L W . ;¦ H W
18 1:25" "oT 7:37 £4.2 1:05 .2.8 7:14 8.6
19 2:20— 0.3.9:32 '. 4.5 2:10. .2.7 8:17 5.8
20 3:12 — 0.5 10:18 ' 4.8 3:07 2.5 8:17 6.0
21 3:50—0.7 11:00 5.1 4:00 • 2.1 10:14 «.O
22 4:42— 0.7 11:40 ' 5.4 4:50 1.8 11:00! 6.8
23 5:271—0.6 12:17 R6 5:42 \.l> . .. \ .).....
- H W ' " IL'W . ¦•' H.W .-¦'¦ L Wl ;
24 0:01 6.8] «:12 —0.1 12:65 .5.7 6:35| 1.3
NOTE— rln" the above expositions of the tides
the early morning : tides ; are • given In the left
hand column ¦ and , the successive i tides of th«
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last < tide of the
day. except' when there are but three tides, as
sometimes ¦ occurs. . The heights given are in
addition to the 'soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts., except. when a minus ( — ),
sign precedes the heights, and then the number
given Is • subtracted • from • the . depth . given by
the charts. :The plane of reference Is the mean
of the: lower low waters. ..-¦ ¦¦¦' '.'¦' ,-
The British ship Slieve Bawn Is chartered
for lumber from Pucet Sound to Valparaiso
for orders at 30s. The French bark Emma
Laurans, previously reported for wheat to Eu
rope at 21s 3d, la free, her charter having
been canceled. •, ¦'» \-
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Sun, . Moon and -Tide.
The Japanese liner America Maru, which ar
rived here yesterday from the Orient, was or
dered to the quarantine station at Angel Island
fcr fumigation. The cabin passengers were
taken to the Pacific Mail dock In a towboat.
The eteamshln was released later and allowed
to proceed to her berth. The America brought
10C passengers, or whom 102 were Asiatics.
Her cargo of 2C03 tons Included ! C15 cases of
opium and 174 bales of raw silk. She also
b-ought treasure valued at $3000. She encoun
tered some heavy weather In Oriental waters,
but called the remainder of the passage through
Eummcr seas. She was 20 days 17% hours
coming from Hongkong and rrom Honolulu 5
days 18>% hours. , "
Among her passengers was Eng Hok Fong.
en* of the officials of the China Commercial
Company. This concern h»3 not prospered ac
cording to the hoi>es of its founders. The
Mexican Government, stirred to action, It is
said by the Pacific Mail Company, has adopted
a law strictly excluding Chinese, and as It was
uoon the transportation of Asiatic laborers .to
th> Southern republic that the China Commer
cial Company built its hopes of success, the
closing of Mexico was a heavy blow. The
chartered vessels constituting the Chinese Com
nanVs fleet are exclusively cargo boats, and as
the "Pacific Mail opposition' has compelled them
to make freight rates at a very low figure,
the prospect of dividends seems, for the time
being to have vanished. Eng Hok Kong is
here to look over the local situation and size
up the prospects for the future.
Among the America's passenger* were the
following named: " " ' '
From Hongkong— James Clasby, Eng Hok
Fong A. J. Francis. M. A. Hamburger, W. H.
Hastings Mrs. "W. H. Hastings and Infant, J.
" H 11 Mrs. N. J. Leary and child. D. Mann,
M L. Polaskl. C. E. Steele, Mrs. C. E. Steele
and infant. T. H. Wedge. G. Van Mater. V.
Quiogue, G. H. Medhurst.
Shanghai— Mr. and Mrs. G. W. Ballantlne
"^Yokohama— Miss OUie Blazer, Miss Victoria
French". E. F. Gillette. Mrs. E. F. Gillette.
Miss T. MlyaU, T. Inouye, E. W. Molr, Mrs.
E H V onolul > u^-T. M. Browne. Mrs. G. W. Fletch
er, Miss M. Meux, J. H. "Robinson. Mrs. J. H.
Robinson.
America Mani Arrives.
Monday, August 17.
Stmr Corona, Johnson, Eureka.
Stmr Kureka, Jessen, Eureka. . .'.'.:'¦
Stmr National City, Johnson. Fort Bragg. .
Stmr Samoa. Madsen. San Pedro.
Etmr Whittier, Macdonald, Ventura.
Stmr Point Arena, Miller, Mendocino.
Stmr Phoenix. Odland. Mendocino.
Schr Mary Etta,, Larsen,- Siuslaw River.
TELEGRAPHIC. , r
POINT LOBOS. Aug 17, 10 p m — Weather
hazy; wind W, velocity 8 miles per hour. ¦
DOMESTIC PORTS.
UMPQUA — Sailed Aug 14 — Schr Caroline, for
San Pedro. "• >•> " • '
Arrived Aug 14 — Schr Lily, hence July 31.
REDONDO — Arrived Aug 17— Bktn Gardiner
City, from Eureka; stmr Arctic, hence Aug.
14; stmr. Sequoia, from Eureka.
EVERETT— Sailed Aug ¦ 17 — Bark Vidette,
from San Pedro;, bark Coloma, for San Diego.
TATOOSH — Passed . • in . Aug ' 17 — Nor stmr
Tellus, hence Aug 14, for Ladysmlth.
TACOMA— Sailed Aug 15— Bktn Portland,
for San Pedro.
BAN DON— Arrived Aug 16 — Schr Advance,
hence July' 30. . • . ' :
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Aug 17— Stmr HI
val, hence Aug 12. ¦
BOWENS - LANDING— Arrived Aug 17—
Stmrs Scotia and Prentiss, hence Aug 16. .
SEATTLE — Arrived ¦ Aug ' 17 — Stmr. ' Queen,
hence 'Aug 14; stmr Portland, from Nome.
Sailed Aug 17— Stmr TJmatilla, for ..San
Francisco. '.' ¦ - ' >
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Aug 17— Stmr Signal,
for San Francisco; schr. Orient, for, San Fran-
TATOOSII— Passed in Aug 17— Ship Invin
cible, hence Aug 13, ' In tow tugs Tatoosh and
Sea Lion.- ¦ V -.* ; • • .¦ - - . ¦ ¦> .
ALBION — Arrived Aug 10 — Stmr Celia,
hence Aug 15.
SAILED.
Monday, August 17.
Stmr Corcna/ Johnson, Eureka: Pacific Coast
Stmr Ramona. Eagles, San Pedro; Pacific
Coast Steamship Co.
Stmr Honita. Albertson, Saa Pedro; Pacific
Coast SteamFhlp Co. ¦ -. * ;
Nor bark Bonaildc, Olsen, Herbertsholl; Wil
liams. Dlmond & Co.
m ¦ Monday, August 17.
¦Stmr San Mateo, ' Locke, 01 hours from Ta
coma.
Stmr Del Norte, Green, 31 hours from Cres
cent City.
Stmr Sierra, Houdlette, 21 days 5 hours 21
minutes from Sydney, via Honolulu {i days 5
hours 30 minutes. . . . • -• .
Stmr San Pedro, Jacobs, 66 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Acme, Lundquist, 20 hours from Shel
ter (""ove. ' . •
-"Stmr Samoa, Madsen, 14 hours from Caspar;
bound south; put In to land passengers.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, 41 hours
from San Diego.
Stmr Robert Dollar, Johnson, 4C hours from
San Pedro. / .
Jap Etmr America Maru, Going. 20 days 17%
hours from Honskonff. via Yokohama 16 day*
is hours 0 minutts, viav.Honolulu-5 days 18H
hours. • ' *• ' " - •
Br shin Wasdale, Hammond, 64 days from
Newcastle, Aus. '¦:/: \
Fr ship Biarritz. Gaudln, 172 days from
Hull, via -Newcastle, England, 138 days, via
Dunkirk 13« days. .
Echr Mary C, Campbell, 6 hours from Bo
dega.
Schr Del Ncrte. Jacobsen, 5 days from Rogue
River. - - • -•-..
Schr Onward, Ogidnessen. 5 days from Co
qullle River. ' •
CLEARED.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
rate"on the Milton Park was marked up to 75
l*r cer.t. The French bark Colbert is quoted
at ¥) r*r cent.
Reinsurance Bates.
The rate of reinsurance on the Helen Brewer
was advanced yesterday to DO r>er cent. The
There were only two arrivals yesterday of
deep tea t^ailinfr vessels-. The British ship
Watdalf. (A days from Newcastle. Australia,
brought 271 7 tons of ccal. The French Fhip
Biarritz also reacht-d i>ort witn a general cargu
from Hull. NewoaFt'.e, Enelana, and Dunkirk.
She left Hull 17:; days cpo.
Deep-Sea Arrivals.
The steamer Alameda. which sailed on Sat
urday for Honolulu, carried a general mer
chandise cargo, valued at $113,825. The lead-
Ins shipments were as follows:
7fi bb!s tiour. l«:t>0 lbs beanx, 57f>5 lbs 10 cs
cheese, 7270 lbs car.dy.15.iao lbs codfish, 328
cs canned goods. Ml 4 lbs 5 cs bread, 55 gals
brandy, :i5,7<;u Its bran. 7929 lbs 1 cs butter,
2728 lbs coffee, 057'J lbs 07 cs millstuffs. 4401
lbs 30 cs dried fruit, <X'J2 lbs dried Osh.150 cs
egg*. 'J27O ykgo fresh fruit, 4418 lbs fresh
meat, 1»25 lbs 4 fs fresh fish, 13 cs oysters, 21
pkgs :irepared fish. 2517 lbs glucoFe, 828 pkga
groceries aiid provisions, 170 pkgs fresh vege
tables, 1757 pkgs potatoes, 3C4 pkg» onions.
100 ctla oats. 17 cs olives, 2000 lbs. nuts, 164
gals t cs molasses, 750 lbs hops, 75 ga^ 40
cs liquors, 12,fi20 lbs lard, 4 cs mineral water,
2504 gals 42 cs wine. 521 gals 25 cs whisky.
S3 ctls wheat. ICO gals vinegar. 310 lbs tea, 5
ck syrup, 750 lbs sago, 15<jO lbs salt, -57 cs 13
bbls salmon, 214« lbs sugar, 45(W lbs fchrtmps,
225 lbs 1 cs spices, 3S0 lbs raisins. 625 lbs
pearl barley, 77 cs pickles, 3008 lbs paste,
15 cylb ammonia, 103 cs arms and ammuni
tion, 100 gals 1 cs alcohol, 5 pkgs bicycles,
12>i0 lb» brass. 117 cf bootn and *hoes, 25 cs
cigars and cigarette*. 225)4 lbs 2 cs tobacco, 2:t
coils cordage, 878 ctls barley. 99 pkgs dry
poods, 1H4 pkgs drugs and medicines, 72 cs
electrical supplies, 28 pkgs furniture. 50 pkgs
saddlery and harness, 28 pkgs machinery, 10
cs matches. 25 rolls leather, 10 bdls 18 pes
iron. .17 cs hats. 10 pkgs millwork.. 41 kegs
nails, 1 cs opium. 150 bdls 101 pes pipe, 155
pkgs paints and oila, 252 bales paper. 90 bxs
soap, 24 bdls shooks. 120 pes steel. 14 boiler
tubes, 30 pkgs wire, 104 pkgs wagon material.
The Alameda's Cargo.
butter. 2D4.'J lbs lard. 525 lbs dried fruit, 750
lbs Dens and lentils. 1112 pkRS fresh fruit. 2.S
pkgs fresh vegetables, 12 likss paste, 507 lbs
candy, MiS lbs chees;. 470 lbs codtlsh. 24 pkgs
drugs, 1!> cs boots and shoes. 127 pkgs dry
Koods, 15 bd'.s chooks, U es coal oil. 1«K» bxs
Eoap. 81 pkgs paints and oils. 45 bais :!7 bald
Fteel and Iron. 23.077 ft lumber. 35 pkgs nails,
7 cs arms and ammunition, H cs diving appara
tus, 4f> coil* rope, 3S pkps paper. 4 rolls leather,
10 cs candies, lit pkgs carriage material. 4<
pkgs blcydea and parts, 27 pkgs sewinjr ma
chines. 77 pkps millwork. 7 pkgs machinery,
14 bdls oars, 10 bales bags. 10 bales oakum.
. TO ARRIVE. . »
Steamer. ' From. I Due.
North Fork... Humboldt |Aug. 18
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Aug. 13
Argo Etl River Ports |Aug. IS
Pomona Humboldt I Aug. IS
Coronado Grays Harbor' (Aug. 13
Enterprise.... Hiio |Aug. IS
Coos Bay Newport & Way Ports.lAug. IS
Columbia | Portland & Astoria |Aug. Id
Iaqua San Pedro |Aug. l.»
Hero Oyster Harbor . Aug. 20
Mlneola Tacoma |Aug. 20
Eureka Humboldt |AUK- 2u
S.Monica.... Fan Pedro |Aug. 20
Santa Rcta... San Diego & Way Pis. Aug. 20 ¦
Centralia Grays Harbor 'Aug. 20!
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports. .-. .] Aug. 2U
Acapulco New York via PanamalAuR- -0
Corona Humboldt I Aug. £1
Point Arena.. Mtnd'-clno & Pt. Arena! Aug. 1:1
Czarina . ... Coos Bay |Aug. 22
Itival Wjllapa Harbor jAug. TZ
Kalnler Seattle & Whatcom. . .|Aug. TZ
Honita Newport &. Way Ports. Aug. '£i
Newburg Grays Harbor ,Aug. 2:1
J. Dollar Seattle &• Tacoma lAug. 23
G.W. Elder. . Portland &. Astoria |Aug. 2:5
S. Barbara... San Pedro . / |Aug. 24
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford.jAug. 2;
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts.jAug. 24
Silesia Seattle iAug. 1^
"Korea China & Japan.... |Aug. 23
Queen Pugel Sound Ports [Aug. 25
l'eru New York \Ia Panama! Aug. 1'ij
Curacao Mexican Ports IAug. 27
Lm^Q" Hamburg & Way Pts.|Aug. 2S
' TO SAIL.
Steamer. . Destination. J Sails. | Pier.
A meant 18. f~
Arcata Coos B.&Pt. Orford 12 m| Pier 13
Chlco Coqullle River 6 pm Pier 2
Atholl China & Japan... 2 pm Pier 27 !
Coptic China & Japan..'. 1 pm Pier 40
Coronado... Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 10
Anffn»t ID. |
C. Neleon.. Los Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 2
Iaqua Hu^nbordt 4 pm Pier 2
Alliance.... Eureka & Coos Bay 10 am Pier 16
City Puobla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 0
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 2
AnRUHt SO.
San Pedro.. Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
Centralia... Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 10
Arctic Humboldt 12 m Pier 10
S. Monica.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier 9
Argo Eel River Ports 4 pm Pier 2
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 0 am Pier ltt
Mlnnewasks New York direct Pier —
Anarnnt 21.
North Fork. Humboldt 5 pm Pier 2
Coos Bay... Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier 19
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
j Aufrnst -2.
Eureka Humboldt 12 m Pier 13
Nebrai>kan. Honolulu & Kahului .3 pm Pier 20
Bavracouta. N . Y. via Panama 12 m Pier 40
/Auisnnt 23.
S. Rosa.... San Diego & Way. 0 am Pier 19
Corona Humboldt . < . . • 1 :30 P Pier 9
August 24.
8. Barbara. Seattle & Olympla 4 pm Pier 2
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
• AiiKnnt 2(1.
G. W. Eldei Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
A Maru China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
nival. Wlllapa Harbor.... 4 pmjPier 2
Augn«t 27. 1
Sierra Sydney & Way Pts 2 pm Pier 7
J. Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma; 10 am Pier 2
Ranler Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm|Pier 2
FROM SEATTLE. ~ ~
Steamer. . For. - . I . Sails.
Portland...... Nome & St Michael.. Aug. 20
Dlrigo . ... Skagway & Way Ports Aug. 20
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports Aug. 21
'Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports Aug. 22
Nome City. . . Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Aug. 23
Farallon Skagway & Way Pts.. Aug. 2«
Cottage City. . Skagway & Way Ports Aug. 27
City Topeka.. Skagway & Way Ports Aug. 20
ANTWERP— Arrived Auk 17— Stmr Ze«Iand,
from New York. ¦.-•¦
MOV1LLE — Arrived Aug 17— Stmr Furnes
sia, from New York. . for 'GlasKOW. and pro
ceeded. _ ,• ' ¦¦- ' * • • ¦ "
CHERBOURG— Arrived Auk 17— Stmr Kron
prinz Wllhelm, via Plymouth, for Bremen, and
proceeded. . ¦ '" . : v
Sailed Auc 16— Stmr Frlederich ; der Grosae,
from Bremen, for New York.- ¦•...'-.
BREMEN— Arrived Aug 17— Stmr Barba.
ropsa. from New York.V via Plymouth and
Cherbburg. ¦ " "' •• ' ' V- ,_
BOULOGNE— Sailed Auk> 17— Stmr Phoeni
cian, from Hamburg. ¦ for New York.
GLASGOW— Arrived Auk 17— Stmr Sardin
ian, from Baltimore, via Montreal.;
BRISBANE— Sailed Aug 12— Br stmr Moana,
for Vancouver: • • ¦¦> ' t ¦
Arrived Aug. 16 — Stmr- MIowera,. from Van
couver, ' via Honolulu, for Sydney, .NSW.
LONDON — Arrived Auk 15— Br itmr Oanfa,
from Seattle. ¦ • . . ¦
NEWCASTLE. Au»— Sailed July 9 — Br «hip
West York, .for Honolulu; ', Br ship Whlttle
burn. for San Francisco; Br ship Gen Roberts,
for San Francisco. July 12 — Br ship GlfTord.
for San Francisco. July 14 — Br' ship Levern
bank, for San Francisco; Br" bark Wemyss
Bay, for Ma^atlan. July 17— Fr bark Ernest
tjlfgfrled, for San Francisco: Br bM? Sara-
KOfsa, for San . Francisco July.. 18 — Br ship
Norma, for Fan Francisco. July 10— Br bark
Antiope, for Panama. July 22— Br ship Gen
Gordon, for • San Francisco; Br bark Foriar
shlrc, for Honolulu. • ' ' •' - •¦ . ' ' ¦
In port loading July 27— Br ship Austra
lian, for Acapulco; Br bark Pass of Leny. for
Arapulco; bktn Benlcla. for Honolulu; Fr bark
Fleur de LIB, for Honolulu; bark James Drum
mond, for Honolulu; Br bark Sigurd, for Hono
lulu; schr W A Holden, for Honolulu; Br ship
LinlllliKOWshlre," for Panama: Br ship Port
Sonachan, for Panama;- Oer bark Germalne,
for Portland, Or; Br ehlp Bidston Hill, for San
Franciaco; Fr bark Gen Foy.' for> San Fran
cisco: Br ship Hutton .Hall, for , San Fran
cisco; Fr bark Lafayette, for San Francisco;
Br ship Tlnto Hill, for San Francisco; Br ship
Firth of Dornoch. for. San Francisco.
Palled July 19 — Schr Reeolut*. for Honolulu.
Aug 4— Br thin Pa«s of Balmaha, for San
Francisco. £ Aug. 13— Br bark AncenlB, for San
Francisco. Aug 17— Fr bark Ernest L»gouve,
for San Francisco; Br bark Fleur . <Je Lts, for
Honolulu. • ¦ '
VALPARAISO— Sailed Auk 14— Oer stmr
Serapls, for San . Francisco. .
PORT. ELIZABETH— Sailed Auk 13— Fr
bark Colonel de Villeboiji Mareull. for Tacoma.
YOKOHAMA— fcaUe<l AUK 14— Br ship Em
press of China, for Vaxicouver. . - ¦ .<
Arrived Auc It— Schr Belboa,..from Puget
Sound. • -.,•--. ••- v
SHANGHAI— Sailed- July .21— Br ship Aus
tralia, for Oregon.,
. PORT SAID— Arrived Aug 16— Br stmr In
dramayo, from New York, for, Manila; Br stmr
St Flllfans, from New. York, for .Manila..
-BELFAST— Arrived Auk : 10-r-Dan -stmr Po
lartsjemen,: from Orepon.!. ¦'"•¦-. ¦<-'¦<.'-
ADEN — Arttved Aug 16rrBr stmr Richmond
Castle, from New < York, /for Manila.;
TAKU— Arrived Auk 13-^Schr- Forest Home,
from Orejon. ¦ .¦..'.¦
• -. - OCEAN STEAMERS. ,
Arrived Aug 17— Bark R P Rithet. hencfe
Aug 2. .
-DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Passed Aus
l»v— Stmr OreKonian,. from Hllo, for^Phlladel
ph!a.> . •
NEW YORK— Railed Auj 1&— Bark Foohug
Sucy, for Honolulu: ,-.•_ '
' .' foreign . ports: :
EASTERN PORTS,
•rtSTORIA— Arrived Aug 17— Bktn Amelia,
from Eureka. • ¦ • -
Arrived Aug ,17— U( S stmr Concord, from
Seattle; U S stmr Marblehead. from Unalaska;
schr W F Gartns, from Tatoosh.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Aug 15 — Schr No
komls. Tor San Francisco; stmr Coronado. for
San Francisco. Aue 16 — Stmr Chas Nelson,
for San Pedro. . ' . •
Arrived Auk 10 — Stmr Xewburg. hence 13th.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Auk 10-rSchr Ida
Schnauer, for San Francisco.. . ;
OLYMPIA— Arrived Aue 17— Br ehip Do
venby, from' Victoria.
EUREKA— Sailed Ausr 16— Stmr Coqullle
River, for San Francisco.
Arrived Auk 17— Stmr Alliance, from Coo»
Bay: schr John A, hence Aug 7; schr Mary
Dodge, hence Auk 5. J -
Sailed Auk 17 — Stmr Pomona, for San Fran
cIfco: s'.nir North Fork, for San Francisco.
SAN DIEGO— Failed Auk 17— Stmr South
Bay. for. San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Aug 17 — Stmr Santa
Barbara, from Olympla.
Palled Aur 17— Pchr Kins Cyrus." for Ta
coma: stmr Iaqua. for San Francisco.
POUT GAMBLE— Arrived Auk 17— Schr Ca
mana. from Port Townswid.
Sailed Auc 17— Schr Camana, for .
FORT BRAGG-^Arrlved Auk 16 — Stmr
Brooklyn, hence Auk 15. ¦ '
ISLAND PORT.
HONOLULU— Arrived Auk 17— Stmr Korea,
from Yokohama. ¦"
Pago Pago — Lieutenant C. Reisner.
Honolulu — Mrs. E. F. Roberts, J. McCiure,
William Kelley. Miss G. G. Goodacre, W.
Wight, Miss Ella Wicht. C. R. Bishop Jr., J.
Wells, M. Wells, A. S. Wilcox, Mrs. Wilcox,
Master Wilcox, Miss Wilcox. S. Maheldorn,
Mrs. K. Wilcox. K. M. Hustead, William Ko
nitzky. Hans Isenberg. Miss A. Isenberg, Miss
U. Isenberg, Mrs. Isenberg. two Masters Isen
berg. G. P. Wilder. C. F. Bird. Mrs. Bird, N.
H. Swayne, Mrs. Swmyne, Mrs. E. Parsons,
Dr. G. McConnell. Mrs. S. L). McConnell. A.
F. Afong. A. H. Afcng, Judge A. S. Hartwell,
M. Braseh. Mrs. Brasch. Mrs. M. Tecney, D.
C. McBride. Mrs. Pchofield, W. L. Hopper.
James Parker, R. Schellner. Mr*. Schellner,
R. E. Maynard, Miss Harneed. M. Hanrahan,
Miss Gillette. J. Izuno, Mrs. Izuno. Master
Izuno, Mrs. Tanaka, Master Tanaka, EtRU
Hango. M. Tanaka. G. A. Davis, M. Yamada,
M. Kitano^ U. Gankichi, M. Myasunk, M.
Saito I. Wamato. W. M. Takanaka, Mrs. Tak
anaka. T. Wade. C. K. Lyman. K. ZInna. Y.
Tozame, Y. Kinsdino. Shaw Shlnff Too, Misu
Currier, Miss Stanley, M. Wagner, F. A. Low,
F. S. Shoup, P. A.: Sidney Smith, W. E.
Shaw. Mrs. W.>E. Shaw. R. McConochI, Miss
M. M. Sllva, Mrs. Troloch. Master Troloch, K.
C. Hopper, Mrs. K. C. Hopper. Miss Hopper,
W. H. Phillips, Mrs. Phillips and five children,
R. Is. Carson, A. Strsnd,"' M. Bayer, H. C.
Mohr. . >
Auckland— Hon. Mr. Gibbs, Mr. GIbbs. Ger
ald Gibbs, William Youngs, a. \V. Rodgrent,
Mrs. Rodgrers. Master Rodgers, S. C. Atkey,
Miss M. J. Shannon. Patrick Robertson, C.
Sujrgate. S. G. lianks, Mr. Robinson, Mrs. Rob
inson, R. C. II. Mason.
From Sdyney — Mr. Carment. Mrs. Carment,
C J. Felton. Mrs. Felton, Matter Kelton, Miss
Ward. K. li. Burnside, Mrs. Hurnslde. F. A.
Keating. Mre. Ke.atlne. two Masters Keating,
J. J. Steel. Mrs. Steel, R. C. Close, J. K. Hey
don, B. H. Durhiirst. \V. J. Keane, ilrs. Keane,
A. E. Hughes, Mrs. Lucy A. Nicoll. L>. W. Mc-
Kay. K. K. Goodwood. J. < A. Carson, Mrs.
Carson. Dr. Stella M. Walker. Rev. W. C.
Ciampett. Mrs. Clamoett Dr. Godinc, P. W.
Willcox. R. I* Fenwick. E. J. H. Waters, J.
Champion, Mrs. Champion, Master Champion,
Miss Annie Kankin. Carl Sanders. Mrs. Vlr
thow.
and 5 days 5^4 hours from Hono
lulu. She was due yesterday and long
before sunrise Captain Houdlette had
dropped his anchor In the quarantine
grounds where the Federal health regu
lations required the liner to remain until
the government doctors had made an In
spection of passengers, crew and cargo
and granted free pratique. The Sierra
picked up her pilot late on Sunday night.
Fine weather was encountered through
out the voyage. The liner's actual steam
ing timfe from Sydney to San Francisco
was 20 days and 52 minutes. She made
better time from Honolulu than the
America Maru by 13 hours.
From Sydney she brought ICO boxes of
English sovereigns valued at $2,500,000.
She brought more than 250 passengers.
A large number of Japanese came on the
liner from Honolulu.
The passengers included the following
named:
f i« «s,HE Oceanic Steamship Company's
|| liner Sierra arrived early yester-
I day morning after a pleasant run
** of 21 days 5 hours from Sydney
Judge Rcsers held that the Western
Union Company had the absolute right to
discharge employes not under contract
relations with the company for any cause
or without cause; that a like right exists
on the part of the employe' to sever his
relations with the company for any cause
or without cause; that if a contract of
employment is violated the recourse of
the employe is at law and not by a bill
in equity, such as was brought in' this
case; that there could be no conspiracy
to commit a lawful act. such as he held
to be the discharge of the company's em
ployes because cf being members cf a
union; that the company haJ the right to
maintain a list or. which might be placed
the name of a discharged "employe and
th? cause of discharge and this list might
be jjiven other?, provided Us contents
were truthful and its circulation honest;
that as the bill alleged the union was
formed for moral and proper purposes,
there should exist no objection upon tile
part cf an employe to have his discharge
laseu upon the mere fact that he was a
member of such an order. This decision
is regarded as conclusively settling the
law in the Western Union Company's
favor.
The plaintiffs took fifteen days to
amend the bill.
The case arose from the fact that a certain
number of operators were relitfved on account
t:on and for other causes. They contended it
was on account of belonging to the union and
they were therefore deprived of a livelihood.
Jt was conclusively thown that all operators
eo relieved were employed either by brokfrj
or railroads with the exception of one, who
cculd not be located. 1 do not care to say
anything further. *
The bill sought to prevent the Western
Union Company from discharging any
employe because of his being a member of
the union and the St. Louis officers of the
Western Union from conspiring to that
end and to prevent interference of any
kind with the union, and io prevent the
Western Union from maintaining a black
list and placing thereon the names of
those who might be discharged because
<;f being members of che union. The
Western Union Company demurred to the
bill and this demurrer sustained by
Judge Rogers of Arkansas, sitting in the
I.'nited States Circuit Court.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Aug. 17.— Judge Rog
ers in the United States Circuit Court to
day handed down an opinion sustaining
the demurrer of .the Western Union Tele
graph Company in the labor injunction
case of Beyer et al. against that company.
In the written opinion JuOge Rogers sus
tains every point urge-1 by Attorney
Smith, representing the defendant com
pany, holding that the company has the
absolute right to dismiss employes be
cause they belong jo the union, or for any
other reason; that there can be no con
spiracy to do a lawful act; that the so
called blacklist may be maintained and
given out fcr the use of others.
Superintendent J. G. Frunkel of the
second district of the Western Union said
to-day:
Says Company Has Right to
Dismiss Employes for
Any Reason.
United States Court De
clares Blacklist Is
LegaL
Oceanic- Steamship Company's Liner Makes ,a; Sp^ed^Rassage
Across the Pacific, Reaching Port ' Ahead\of ScheduleJylTime.
Encounters Fine Weather and Has More Than^2^p Passengers
WESTERN UNION
GETS DECISION
SIERRA BRINGS FROM ANTIPODES
BRITISH GOLD WORTH $2.500.000
ENDS RESISTANCE
BY THE CHINESE
Conger Arranges Sign
ing of Open Port
v .Treaty.
Overcomes the Objections of
Prince Ching and Gains •
important Point.
Movements of Steamers.
Lieutenant, U. S. N., in Charge,
Tatungtao Is' a small port which does
not promise much business to attract for
eigners in the near future. The opening
is mainly important as a victory for the
open door principle.
of the 120th meridian, or at 8 p. m. Greenwich
time. ' J. C. BURNETT,
Prince Ching made one defense after
another until all were exhausted. He first
argued Russia's opposition to the opening
of these ports. He then said that he was
not Informed that Russia had consented
to the opening. Finally he refused on the
ground that China was unable, to open
towns which were held by another power.
When the present settlement was pro
posed with the explanation that China
must presume that Russia intended to
fulfill her evacuation agreement Prince
Ching. reluctantly gave in.
PEKING, Aug. 17.— The arrangement
made by Minister Conger for the signing i
of a treaty between China and the United j
States, providing for the opening of Muk- j
den and Tatungtao on the strength of j
Russia's promise of final evacuation of
Manchuria, ends the stubborn resistance
by the Chinese, which ,t or some time
promised to be successful. i
WASHINGTON, Aug. 17.-Mlnister Con
ger at Peking, has secured a written
promise from Prince Ching.to sign Octo
ber 8 a treaty with the United States
which will Include a guarantee that Muk
den and Tatungtao shall be open ports.
.THE SAN FEANCISCG^CALL,. TUESDAY, AUGUST 18, 1903.
12
BAILWAY TRAVEL. ,
California
¦a™a^a^sW*ala^B^a^sWsMa»s««B^«B^B^B^Bls^a»1a^B^a^
I d «Y% s1T^a#Ti
LllTllL6Uo.> ' .
To CHICAGO
An Ideal Train
[gkCT^i^] For Those Who
Seek th2 Best.
! SANTA FE TRAINS.
L*ave Market-street Ferry Depot..
Local J Um'd Local lOv'rl'd
f Dally f Dally Dally f Dally
Lt. Ban Fran....] 7:80a 8:30a 4:00p 8:00p
Ar. Stockton 10:40 a 10:01 p 7:10 p 11:15 p
" Merced >.:... \ 1:05 P 1:55 p ....... -l;28a
."Fresno 2:40p 3:20p 3:1 5*
"Hanford ..... 4:59 p 4:07 p ....... 7:50 a,
"Vlsalla ...... 4:53 p 4:48 p 5 : S2*
"Bakersfleld -.". 7:15p fl:00 p 7:33 a
1" Kansas City.. 2:38a 7:00a
"Chicago -...: 2:15p. 8:47 o
a for morning; p for afternoon.
7:30 a. m. Dally la Bakersfleld Local, stop-
pins at all points In San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:55 a. m. dally.
i 0:30 a. m. Monday and Thursday la the
• CALIFORNIA LIMITED, carryinar . F*U-
avc« i Sleeping- Cars and ' Dining Cars
through to Chicago. Chair car runs to Bakers-
fleld for accommodation of local flrst-class pas-
sengers. > No second-class tickets . are honored
on this train. Corresponding: train arrives at
11 :10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday. - -
6:30 a. m. Dally. Valley Limited, Composlta
Car and Reclining . Chair Car* between Bakers-
fleld - and San Francisco. Corresponding train
arrives at 11:10 p. m. dally.
4:00 p. m. is Stockton Local. . Corresponding
train arrives at 11:10 a. m. dally. '
, 8 :00 p. . mN Dally . Is • the -: Overland Express
with. through Palace and Tourist . Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars . to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. . Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:23 p. m. dally.
p Personally conducted parties for Kansas City,
Chicago ; and East ; leave 8a n Francisco every
Monday. Thursday and Saturday at 8 pr m. -
Of tecs— 641 Markst street and ' in « Ferry : Des-
pot. San Francisco; : 1112 Broadway,- Oakland.
SOUTHERN PACIJJP
«M»in Line, goot of MarKet Street > s m
l«»tk — From Acoch 1. 130a. — *«»« T *
7.00a llenlcta. Sut»un. Elialra and Sacra-
mento 4*2*
7.00a Vacarllle, Wlnur*. Rumser i-2*r
7.30a Martinez. 8»n n»mon. V»lleJ»,
N»pa. C«!l»tog», Sania Ross B-Z»p
7J0a Jllles. LlTcioore. Latbrop. Stock-
{ On • »•*&*
1.00a DaTls. Woodland. KnlxhU Landing.
M»rr»Tine. OrorUle. (connects
at MarrsTille for Grldley, UigS*
•ndCtlro) •• -ir' 1 *
100a Atlantic Express— Ogden »ndE»«. 1025*
B 00a Port Cost*. Martinez. Antloca. By-
ron.Tracy,Stockton,S«cramenta
tot Banoa. Men loM. llanford.
VlsnlU. ForterTllle ......»»4JK»
8.00a Fort Costn. Martinci. Trmcy L*tH-
rop. Modesto. Merced. Fre«oo.
Oosben Junction. Uanford, >1-
¦alia. B»kor»fleld 5.25* 1
8.30a Sbmu Kxprew— UaTls. Willtoi
(for Dartlett Spring). Wlllo^N
?Frnto, Hed Bluff. Portlaad...... 7.55P
840a Xiles, 8»n Jom. UTermore. Stock-
ton.Ione.Sacr»mento.PlacerTllle,
MaryiTlIle. Chtco. Bed Bluff..... 4.2S*
8^0a olkdale. Chinese. Jamestown. So-
norm Tuolamne and Angela 425p
9.00a Martlnex and Way 8t»t!on» ,5,11
1000a "Vallejo.. ••-• »*•*»*
¦TIO.OOa El Paso Passenger. Eastoonna.—
Port Costa, Martinez. Byron,
Tracy. Luthrpp. Stockton,
Merced. Kaymond. Fresno. Baa-
ford. Vlsalla. Bakersfleld. Lot
Angeles an* El Pmo. (Welt _^
bound arrives Tja Const Line)... «1^T>
10 00a The OTerland Limited — Ogden,
IB DenTer. Omaha. CbtcuRO... .... 8 25*
1200m Hayward. Klles and Way Statlona. 3.25p
11.00P Sacramento KlTer Steamers. tll-OOP
3J0r Benlcln. "Wintprs. Sacramento.
Woodland, Williams. Colus»,Wll-
lows. Knights Landing. Maryt-
Tllle. OroTllle and way stations.. 10|5k
3.S0r Hayward. Slles and Way Stations.. 7 55*
4.C0r Marttnei.San Bumon. Vallejo, Napa,
Callstog*. Santtt Rosa ...
4.00r Martinez. Tracy. Lathrop.Stockton. iO-23a
4 00* Nllcs, LlTermore. Stockton. Lodl.. *^ r
4^0* Haywanl. Xiles, Irrlngton. 8an j. .;8.|5a
Jose. Ll» ermore t III.ooa
BCOf The OwJ Limited— Fresno. Tulare,
¦ lta^ersfleld. Loa Angeles: con-
nects at Saugus for Saata. Bar-
bara 8.5ua
BCOf Port Costa, Tracy. Stockton. Loa
Banoa 'St oP
t5.30r Hayward. Nlles and San Jos« 7 2b*
6.00* Hayward, Ni'.es and San Jose 10 25a
6.C3P Oriental Mall — Ogden. DenTer.
Omaba. St. Louts. Chicago and
East. (Carries Pullman Car pas-
sengers only out of Saa Fran-
cisco. Tourist car and coach
passengers take 7.00 r. it. trata
to Keno. continuing thence la
their cars 6 m. train eastward.. 4-25*
Westbound. Sunset Limited.—
From New. York. Chicago, New
Orleans, El Paso. Loa Angeles,
Fresno, Berenda. Raymond (from
Tosemlte), Martinez. Arrive*.. 8-2Sa
7X0* 8an Pablo. Port Costa, Martinez
and Way Stations 1 1?5 A
t7-C0* Vallejo 765*
7.00* Port Costa, Benlcla. Sulsun, DaTls,
Sacramento, Truekee, Reno.
Stops at all stations east of
Sacramento 7-55a
8-CS* Oregon * California Express— Bao-
ramento, MarysvlUe, Redding,
Portland. Puget Sound and East. 8.55*
tS.IOr Bayward. Nlies and Saa Jos« (Sun-
day only) tl155*
11.25* Port Costa, Tracy, Lathrop. Mo-
desto, Merced. Kaymond (to To-
semlte). Fresno, Hanford. VI-
salln, Bakersfleld 12-2S»
COAST LINE (S*rrow Uaoxe).
(Foot of Murlcct Street.)
~)745a Santa Cruz Excursloa Sunday
only) 13.10*
8.15a Kewarlc Ccnterviiie. San Jose,
Felton. Boulder - Creek, Santa
Crux and W ay Statlona 8 25*
t2.15* Kewark. Centerrllle. San Jose,
Hew Almaden. Los Gatos.7e:ton>
Bonlder Creek. Santa Cruz aaa
Principal Way SUtlona 10JS*
4-15r Newark. Saa Jose, Loa Oatoa and
way stations (on Saturday and
Sunday runs through to Santa.
Cruz: Monday only from Santa
/ Crnx). Connects at Felton to
and from Boulder Creek *3.53 I
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN Fit AN CISCO, Foot of Market St. (Slip *)
—17:13 ?:00 11:00 aJI. 100 3-00 5.15 r.-m.
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — tS:OO i3:0f
T8:09 10:00 a.m. 12 00 200 4 CO *.M.
COAST LINE (Broa.1 Uaave).
VST (Third and Townwend Streets.)
6.10a San Jose and Way Stations 7.30*
+7 00a San Jo«e and Way Stations 6-30*
/8-00a New Almaden (Tuea.. Frld.)
17.1 5a Monterey and Santa Cruz Exenr-
slon (Snnday only) JS..S3*
¦ CO* Coast Line Limited — Stopsonly Saa
Jose.Gllroy.Holllster.PaJaro.Cas-
troTllle. Salinas. 8an Ardo, Paso
Robles. Santa Margarita. San Lnls
Oblspo. (principal stations thence)
Santa Barbara. SangnsandLos An-
etlr*. Connection at CastroTllls
to and from Monterey and Pactfla
GroTe and at Pajaro north bound
from Capltota and Santa Cruz 1343*
S-Cua Ban Jose. Tres Plnos. Capltola,
BanutCrnz.Pac!ncGroTe.Sa]tnas,
San Luis Oblspo and Principal
Intermediate Stations 4. IS*
'Weatbonnd El Pa*o Passenger.—
From Chicago. El Paso. Loa An*
._ _- goles. Santa Barbara. Arrrres.. 1.3J5*
J«-38a San Jos« and WaySuttons... ... 1.2C*
11 -00a Cemetery Pasaenser— South Saa
•« * M Francisco, San Bruno /. 1.C5»
ii^Oa San Jose, Los Gatoa and Way Sta-
ttons -.... 6-36*
« nn SaB Jo8 * * nd W * T Station X7.03*
»rn s «» Jose and Way Stations {940a
Z.Sup. Cemetery Passengrr — South Saa
.„„ Francl»co. Saa Bruno 4-33*
t MJnir Dei Monte Express— Santa Clara,
/ Ban Jose. Del Monte. MonteTey.
Pacific Grove (connects at Santa
Clara for Santa Crux. Boulder
x in. Creek * nd Harrow Gauge Point*) t1 2 15*
**VT Burllngsme. San Mateo. Redwood.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto, Mayfleld.
Mounuin View. Lawrence. Sanu
Clara, 8an Jose. Gil tot (connec-
tion for Holltster. Tres Ptnos),
Psjaro (connection fcr Wat»on-
Tllle. Capltola and Santa Crux).
Pacific GroTe and way stations.
Connects at Cajurovllle for Sa- '
.— »»" 1045a
• K«nl 8 " n Jose " nd WaT Stations 8-J6A
ibVQr g a n Jose. (Tla Santa Clara) Los
Gatos, Wright and Principal Way
Station? . . ffl 00a
!Hc f"J«>«««ndPTtuclpalWay Stations t&00*
T b.lor San Mateo, Beresford.Belmont.Saa
Carlos, Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto 18.48a
B JO* Ssn Jose and Way Stations 636a
7 -CO Sonnet Limited. Eautbound.— San
Lnls Oblspo. Santa Barbara, Los
Angelas. I'emlnc El Paso. New "
Orleans, New York. (Westbound
• - Aml> trrtT " iTi « s * n Jc»<?ntnYa:iey)... «-B 25*
-A'SSl F. ajo Alto »=d Way Stations.. ...... 10.15a
•U.3C* Mlllbrae. Palo Alto and Wai r St*
tlons tq J5r
• 11-30* Mlllbrae. S«n JoiV" Vnd*WaV*Sta-
Hon» «915t
X |.furd r aj M . O n r a a^nday only. 1 * '" * lU "™"-
I Stops at all sutions on Sunday.
* Connects atGoshen Jc. with trains for Hanfor*
M Vl V ••% . Al re »no. for VUalla Tla Sanger.
•«ArS°"* l , LI S e - Friday.
EviTfi" T l* »"«••_ » l>ally except Saturday.
JPVIa San Joaquln Valley. Z
•*i?J!?S* Sant * CUr * "° ntn °o«nd only. Connect*
wept Sunday, for all points Nsrrow Oange.
arT«-in 7 '?,* I 1 '"? 0111 * ** Valencia St.southl>oon4
*ra 8:10 a.m.. 11:OQ a.m.. 2:30 r. M . and t:afl TJ*.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
L«ave TuL Siualiis t*rrj Arnrs
SanFnn. fs* si Markst St. San Fran.
Week Sun- m ~Soi£ Week
Da>-s. day< iff^Ifew rf*r« t^ 1^
&:45a «:OOa f^£r*»3i HTm^i &T5*"
l:4Sr 9:OOa \S««"&'«^a l - *-.".0r 3:3rtp
*:15p 1O:OOa 3:30* 3:50p
| H . 2; 3ft f S*OO I* | ,
¦staroap saly. lsars T^Tira T 9;3Or.smwl?. il:3Oi>
JiSSJL \ eM St^ (North Snore RaUroad)
WflOB } and Sausalito Fiut. Foot Marie* 3c
ADVEBTISEMENTS. \
AST LAXAIIVEJ
Hostetter's Stomach Bitters is ,
without an equal. It will not j
gripe nor shock the system, and
make you feel sick all over like
most cathartics do, but has a firm
and gentle effect on the consti- i
pated bowels, stimulating and as- j
sisting them in the prqper per- i
formance of their functions. Then !
an occasional dose is all that is:
needed to keep the bowels regular j
and the stomach strong. A trial
will convince you of its value.
HOSTETTER'S
STOMAOH BITTERS, j
, . |
'" -.; "¦-¦¦ t,
Eody 80 inches Jons. 1 Sncbrs deep; lK-laca
( j>f, Iocs distance: wheels lH-tnch: A-crad*
fnrlrcs, oil tempered: nicely trimmed and fin-
ggfeK 1^.™. S49.50 !
Allison, Mcff 8. Co.,
222 MISSIOM STREET,
San Fraccisco. Cat
• ~
Coal Rieduction
2000 Pounds .
Put in Youi* Bin
AMERICAN GANNEL $10
Sold br All Reliable Dealer*.
I OW II To Points
rj j East and Back,
tiXClir= Fare
o
SIQOS Aug. 18, 19, 25, 26.
I'^^ff^Tj or Address 623 Mar-
j^^^M C. A. RUTilERFORD.
l^^^^^^^^j Wist. Fas'g'r Agent.
The Best Way East
If yon enjoy grand scenery there's
1 only one way for you to go east — via I
i Salt Lake City, Denver and the Bur- I
i lington Route, the scenic line across
J the continent. >
1 Burlington tourist cars by this way
I leave California three times a week for
i tha East. There are no changes or
delays — you go right throcgh to Omaha
and Chicago, or Kansas City and
St. Louis. Connections at these cities
for all points beyond.
Scenic attractions are not all — will be
• glad to tell you about the others.
Call if you can, but write me a lino
if you can't.
iVl. D. SAN33RN. Gen'l Agent Burlington Routs,
631 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.
G02 Phone. Main 1108.
CALIFORNIA NORTflWESTERN Ml. CO.
LESSEE
W\ FFANCISCU AND NORTH PAC1F13
RAILWAY COMPAWT.
Tlbuxcn Terry, Poot oZ Markat St.
SAB FHAHCISCO TO SAN HAPAEIi.
WEEK DAYS— 7:U0. 8:00. tf:00. 11:00 a. nv;
12:35. 2:30, 3:40. 6:10. 5:50. 8:30 and 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays — Eitra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30,
2:30, 3:40, 6:10. 6:30, 11:30 p.m.
SAW EAPAEL TO SA2T 7BA2TCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 6:50, 7:35. 7:50. 8:20.
11:15 a. m-: 12:50. •2:00. 3:40. 5:00. ft:S0.
6:25 p. m.
; Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45 p. zn.
SUNDAYS — 6: CO. 7:35, 3:20. 11:15 a. m. : 1:45.
3:40. 4:50. 5:00. 6:20. 6:10. 6:25 p. m.
•Except Saturdays.
Leave I In Effect I Arrlv«
San Francisco. I May 3. 1003. I San Francl»co.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week
; Days. 1 days. | tlon. | days. | Days.
7:30 a 7:45 a 7:45 a
7:30a 8:00 a 8:40a 8:40a
8:00 a 9:30 a Isnaelo. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:H>p , 6:20 p 7:25 p
7:30 al 7:30 a 7:45 a 7:45 a
8:00a H:00a Novato. 10:20a 10:20a
2:30 pi 9:30 a Petaluma,. . 6:20 p 6:20 p
6:10 pi 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:23 p
I 5:10 p Santa Rosa. r
7:30 al 7:30 a ~ 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:00 a S:0O a Fulton. 7:25 p 6:20 p
2:30 p| 2:30 p ":25 p
I Windsor.
7:30 a 7:30 a Healdsburg. 10:20a 10:20a
Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p Ceyaervllle. 7:23 p 7:23 p
Cloverdale. - ¦
i- 7:30 al 7:30 at Hopland 110:20 ailO:2O a
; 2:3') p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:25 p| 7 25 p
I 7:30 al 7:30 al WUllts. | 7 ::-> p| 7 ::» p
8:00 al 8:00 al Carap Vacation. 110:20 ajlO:20 a
2:30 p) 2:30 p| Guemevllle. I 7:25 p| G:20 p
8:00 a| 8:00 al Sonoma. I 8:40 al 8:4Oa
6:10 p[ 5:10 pi Glen Ellen. | 6:00 p| 6:20 p
7:30a| 7:30 al 110:20 ajlO:2O a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Sebastopol. I 7:25 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentin; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
v prinss: at Fultcn tor Altrurta and Mark
Weat'Sprinss; at Lytton for Lytton Springs;
at Geyservllle for Skagfts Springs; at Clover-
dale for the Geysers^ Boonevllle and Green-
wood; at Hopland for Duncan Springs, High-
land Springs. Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs,
Soda. Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at
Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs,
Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter Springs.
Upper Lake, Porno. Potter Valley. John Day's.
Riverside. Llerly 1 *. Bucknell'a. Sanhedrin
Heights. vHullville. Git's Hot Springs. Half-
way House, Conr.Dtche. Camp Stevens. Hop-
kins Mendocino City. Fort Bragg, Westport.
Usal; at Wlllits for Fort Bragg. Westport.
Sherwood. Cahto. Covello. Laytonvllle. Cum-
mlngs. Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's, Dyer.
Garberville, Pepperwood. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday— Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half-rates.
Ticket office. C50 Market street. Chronicle
U H- cf' WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agt.
HSAN QUENTIN,
MILL VALLEY.
CAZADERO, ETC.
via^Sausalito Ferry
WEEK DAYS— (Holidays excepted)— 6:43.
1«7:«. 8:45. S»:4J>. 11 a. m.. 12:20. 'XUS. a ;1- .
415? +5:15. '6:15. 0:45. i». U:45 p.* m.
*7:45 a. m. train week days does not run to
"SUNDAYS AND LEGAL HOLIDAYS— 7.
18 t*« t«10. 11. tll:30 a. m.. tl^:30 fl:Ju.
2-35 »3 BO 3 6.. 7:30. 9. 11:45 p. m.
'Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin. Thos»
marked (t) to Fairfax, except 6:15 p. m. Sat-
days. On Saturdays th« 8:15 p. m. train runa
"fROmIaS RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
_\V^eek days— 4:25. t«:25. 7:40. 8:15, t»:a&.
77:05 a. m. 12T20. 2:20. t3:45. 4:50. 5:30. U:4V
10 BU 0 N P DAYS-6:15. 7:35 tS:10 9:40. tlO:56.
111:45 a. m.. 12:50. 2:30. »:23. 4:40. J5.J0.
C:55 7:35. 10:20 p. m.
Trains marked (J) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Week days — 5:45, 6:40. 7:45. 8:25.
9?i5 U:10 a. m.. 12:40. 2:45, 4:15. 8:10.
10 S 4 UN P D AYS— 6:35. 7:55- 10. 11:10 a. m.. 12:05
1 OO i 2:40. 3:45. 4:55. 6:05. 7:10. 10:40 p S
* • THROUGH TRAINS. , Z' ~"
7:*5 a. m.. ¦week days — Cazadero and way
stations.
6:15 p. m.. week days (Saturdays excepted)
Tomalea and way stations.
3:15 P. m.. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations.
Sunday* and Legal Holidays— S a. m, Casa-
dero and way stations.
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 10 a. ta. Point
Reyes and way stations. .
TTCKET OFFICE— 626 Market ft
FERRY— Foot of Market »t. , *
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE. INV1QOHA-
tor and Nervine.
The most worderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Cex_^ Organs, for both sexes
-- The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of "th?
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on Us own mental
ALFS & BRUNE. Agents?
823 Market su. S. F.— (Send for Clwalars.jPASADENA, Ang. 17.— Mr. and Mrs.
Willis Mitchell of San Francisco have had
a rather eensational honeymoon. They
planned a mountain trip and started up
the trail to Mount Wilson. They cot on
a Government firebreak path by mis
take, however, and wandered about all
night. Rescuing parties from Mount Wil
son found the exhausted couple at the
bottom of the canyon the next morning.
Mrs. Mitchell is now quite . ill as the re
sult of her unpleasant experience.
Willis Mitchell and Wife of San
Francisco Lose Their Way on
Mount Wilson.
WANDER ABOUT AT.T> NIGHT
ON BLEAK MOUNTAIN SIDE
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton; $J>; 8eattle. *8 60; Bryant. $6 50; Beaver
Hill. tS 50: Stanford. $7; Roslyn. $7; Coos Bay.
$5 60; Greta. $7; Wallsend. $7; Richmond, $7 50;
Cumberland, $13 in bulk and 914 25 In sacks;
Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh Lump,
$11 50; Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Coke, $11 60^13
per ton in bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions, $3 45 per 2000 lbs and $3 50
per ton, according to brand.
OIL— Linseed. 44c for boiled and 42c for raw
in barrel*; cases, Cc more; Castor Oil In cases
No. 1, 70c; Bakers* A A. $1 10® 1 12: Lucol. 41c
for boiled and 39c for raw in barrels; Lard OH.
extra winter strained, barrels, 00c: cases. 95c-
China Nut, 57%@02c P«r gallon: pure Neats- 1
foot. In barrels, 76c: cases, SOc: Sperm, pure.
70c; Whale Oil. natural white. 50ff35c per gal
lon; FUh Oil, In barrels, 45c;. cases, 50c; Co
coanut Oil. in barrels, 5Sc for Cey:on and 35c
tor Australian. '.--:- .-¦;_,.*
•:¦• COAL OIL— Water White Coal OH In bulk.
14c; Pearl OH In cases. 20Hc; Astral. 204c:
Star.' 20*6e: Extra Star. 24 *frc 7 El Alne. 2fSl£c:
Eocene. 23 V*c; deodorized Stove Oasollnc. in
bulk. 17c: tn cases, 23' ic: Benslne. In bulk.
13c; In cases, l&ftc; S6-decree Gasoline, la
bulk, 2lc : In cases. 27t4c.
TURPENTINE— 76c. per gallon in cases and
70c in drums and iron barrels.
-RED AND WHITE LEAD — Red Lead. 8©
6%c per lb; White Lead, t>®6Vic, according to
quantity. ftfc'xS-af*-'av?*A»'*^* ! M* l <l **W» lptf
! SUGAR — Th« Western Sugar Refining Com
pany Quotes as follows, per lb In 100-Ib bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine ' Crushed: 3.75c;
Powdered. 6.60c; Candy Granulated, 5.60c; Dry;
Granulated, fine. B.60c: Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.50c;' Fruit Granulated. 6.60c: Beet Granulat
ed UOO-lb bags only). 5.40c: Confectioners* A.
B.60c: Magnolia -A. 5.10c: Extra C. 6c: Golden
C. 4.90c:* "D." 4.80c; barrels." 10c 'more; naif
barrels. 20c more: boxes, nOc more: CO- lb bass.
10c more for all kinds. Tablets— HaU-barrtla.
BAGS — Grain B&gc. 6©5Hc; San Quentln.
6.65c: Wool Bags. 32035o; Fleece Twine. 7V4O'
So; Cotton Fruit. Bags, 6^4c. 6V4c and ~v t c for
the three grades.
General . Merchandise.
The Potato market had an easier tone. Re-
celpts were ver-v large, aggregating over 10,000'
eacks. and prices had a sharp decline. Trad
ing however, was active at the revised quota
tions and dealers; were generally satisfied with
the situation, aweet were in free
supply and continued to bring, good prices.
Onions were plentiful and easy at unchanged
rates. ' ¦ . '¦ ¦ . ""
There was an active ¦ demand for choice
vegetables, but 'supplies were too large to .per
mit of any advance in, prices. .Green Corn
eltancd up 'quickly and occasional lots of fmricy
commanded tie us"j.ni premium over the quota
tions. Receipts, of. String/ Wax and Lima
Beans were too '- heavy for the market and
prices were easier. Tomatoes ranged lower,
the previous nigh prices having checked the
demand.- Receipts, however, continued light
and -choice offerings found quick sale, fiome
poor and i«of t stock sold down to 75c per box.
Okra was raster under Increased receipts, while
the other vegetables moved off vitll at previous
PF rOTATORS — New White. 75cfljl 10 per ctl
tn sacks and $1 15<Sl- f.O In boxes, with *om«
fancy higher; Salinas BurbankB. $1 30®l 75
per ctl- Early Rose, S0cfi$l; Garnet Chiles, *W
1 15; Sweet Potatoes, 2\4£KJHc per lb for river
and a>ifi4c for Merced.
ONIONS— 70<BS0c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. 7r.c@M 25 per
««rk- crates from Alameda. : *1@1 60; from
Berkeley. $161 2.V. Oreen Peas. SfflHe p»r lb:
String Beans. lH©2Vie 'per lb; Wax. 2@3c;
Lima Beans. 2@3c per lb; Tomatoes, *1®1 40
for river and $t 75(ff2 for bay; Summer Squash.
io&.Xc per box; Cabbage. 75c<S?l per ctl: Car
rcts. 75cfi.tl per sack: Cucumbers. 408fi0c per
box- Pickle Cucumbers. (I 5Ciil 75 per box for
No 1 and C5cS$l for others; Garlic. 2®
3c per lb- Green Peppers. 25®40c per box or
sack for Chile and 35fi50c for Bell: Green Okra,
401150c I*r box; Egg Plnnt, 40®«0c per box;
Marrowfat Squash. $20 per ton.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 60
per cent shiinkace for Cattle:
CATTLE: — St'e.ers, S®9c; Cows and Heifers,
7©t>c; thin Cows, 4@bc per lb.
CALVES-»-4@5%c per ib (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 4c; Ewes, 3%@3%c per lb
(gross weight). > -
• LAMMS— Sprln*. $2 75@3 per head.
HOGS — Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs, 6®8V4e:
under 140 lbs. 5%@5%e; Sows, 20 per cent off;
Boars, 60 per cent off, and Stags. 40 p«r cent
off from above quotations.
VEAL — Large, 7®8c; small, 9@0^c per lb.
"MUTTON — Wethers, 8&9c; Ewes, 8@SHe per
pound. . . t .
LAMB— Spring. !)V6®10c per, lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. StfigOttc per lb.
LIVESTOCK MAKKKT.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows
BEEF — 6®7Vfc for Steers and 538 He per lb
for Cows.
Hogs are weak at the easier quotations of
Saturday. Receipts have been running larger
of late.
Meat Market.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 17.— A special
from San licrnardlno to the Express says:
Xews has reached here of the murder
of "William Adklns. a well known desert
character, by an Indian youth of the
Piute tribe. It is said that Adktna had
stopped for a rest at. Indian Springs and
was asleep, when the youth secured his
rifle and. taking- a position In the rear
of Adkins, . shot him through the back
and then clubbed his head into a pulp.
The Indian tried to escape on Adkins'
horse and, though he had several hours'
start before the body was discovered, a
Sheriff's posse captured him a few miles
north of Las Vegas, as he was making
for the Timber Mountain rejrion. where
his tribe is located. It is claimed that
he has confessed to the kllllnsr, but at
tempt& to Justify the act by a claim of
self-defense.
Confesses to the Killing When Cap
tured and Claims He Acted
in Self-Defense.
INDIAN" YOUTH MUBDERS
A SLEEPING WHITE MAN
The only thing new in the market yesterday
was the announcement that new Klackeye
and white Beans would be In from the river
next week. The market continues quiet.
BEANS— Bax*. 5-'!©'l 50; Pea. $.1 i>5; But
ters. $3 25: small White. $L« cssa 10; larga
White. $2 65©2 «0; Pink. $2 g5$3 10; Red.
$2 »0©3: Lima. $3 236:1 60: Red Kidneys, nom
inal; BUckeye. $2 65^2 90 per ctl; Horse
Beans, $1 40<&l 50. . .
SEED3— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $1 70J11 SO; Canary,
5©5 1 4c for Eastern;. Alfalfa, nominal; Rape.
l}i(S2y-c; Timothy.. 6@6>4c: Hemp. 3», 4 g'3y.c
per lb; Millet. 3®o%c; Broom Cora Seed. $2l>®
23 per ton. ...;,.'
DRIED PEAS— Green. $1 S0®2 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
MONDAY. Aug. 17—2 p. ra.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.. 100 110 4a qr e (new) 134 135
ts qr reg ...100 110 'nqreoup... — 107*-4
. ,. MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
AlaAWBs.— — Do 6s .... — 114
Bay CPC 6». — 105% Do con 8*. — 103
C C O&E 5e. — 107% O W C g 5». — —
Cal O ft E g Oceanic S 5s — 83
1 and ct 5s.. — — Om C R 6s. — —
Bal-st C 6s. — — Pac O Imp 43 — —
C C Wat 5s. — — . P E Ry 5s.. — 107"4
Ed L & P 6s. — — ' P&CR 6s. — —
V CT . R 6s. — — P & O R 6s. . — —
Geary-st 5s.. — — Powell-st 6s. — —
H C A S 5\i8 — — S E G&R 5s. — 104
H C & S 5s.. 96U100 IF A SJV 5s. — 120
Hon R T «S. — • 107H B R of C 6s. — —
L A Elec 8s. — 1C6 S P of A 6s.
L A.Ry 5a.. — — (lfW») lC7fi —
L A L C 6s. — »— (1810) lOSftlOOU
DO gtd <Js. — — B P of C 6s
Do gtd 5s. — — (lOOu)Sr A. — —
LAP lem 6s. — — (1905)Sr B. — —
Mkt-st C 6s. — — <190«) — —
Do lem 5s. — — (1012) — —
N R of C »Js.lO6mO7», B P C leg 5s. — —
NRC(of C)3s. — 120 I Dostmpd.. — —
NPC R R 5s. — — S P B R 6». — —
N C Ry 6s.. — — S V Wat 6s.lO7»ilC8^i
N C P 5s... — 101 Do 4s 2dm. — 100
N S R 5s... — 05 Do 4s 3dm — —
O GL H 5s. — — 3tkn G&E fis. — —
O T Co 6s.. — — I IT G * E 5s. — —
WATER 8TOCKS.
Contra Costa — 60 (Port Costa .. — —
Marln Co ... — — (Spring Val.. S4 85
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. — 4%.q a c E G A R — —
Eqult Gas... 4% 5% 6 F G & E. 62*4 63ft
Mutual E L. 131i 13S 5 F Gas — —
Pac G Imp. — 52 ,5tkn G&E. — —
Pac L Co... — — Itr G A E — —
TRUSTEES" CERTIFICATES,
g F G A E. — «4
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — —
/ BANK STOCKS.
Am Natl Bk. — — Lon P A A. — —
Anglo-Cal .. — — Merch Ex... — —
Bank of Cal. — — Mer Trust.. — —
C 8 D & T. — — £F Nationl. — —
First Nationl — - — I
SAVINGS BANKS.
Her S A L.. — — Fav A L So. 05 105
Hum S & L. — — Bee Sav Bk.400 600
Mutual Sav.. — — .Union T Co. — —
S F Sav U. — — I
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — — [Presidio .... —
Giant 67 68 /Vlrorlt — 5$£
SUGAR.
Hara P Co. — 2VKHauea S C. — 6%
Hawaiian C. 43 45 (Makawell C. 21 22
Honokaa S C 12 13 Onomea S C. 23 —
Hutch S P C 12% — IPaauhau S C 14 —
MISCELLANEOUS.
jMaska Pack.144 145 lOceanlc S Co 7 —
l'al Fruit As. — 0^4 j Pac A F A. 2?» —
tal Wine As. 95 Ott IPac C Borx. — —
Morning Session.
Board —
65 Alaska Packers' A<sn 13« 50
10 Alaska Packers' Assn 137 00
5 Alaska Packers' Assn 137 50
35 Alaska Packers' Assn 140 CO
30 Alaska Packers* Assn .141 50
25 Alaska Packers' A»sn 142 Mi
10 Alaska Packers' Assn, s 30 141 l»»
25 S F Gas A Electric Co 63 50
Etreet—
75 Mutual Electric Light 13 00
100 Mutual Electric Light 13 60
Afternoon Session.
Board—
5 Alaska Packers' Assn 145 00
25 Makawell 21 00
10 Paauhau S P Co 14 00
15 S F Gas & Electric Co 63 00
$1000 S P of Arizona (1910) ICO 00
Street — >
20 Alaska Packers' Assn 143 CO
125 Mutual Electric Light 13 37 }$
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil stocks — . Bid. Asked.
Caribou Oil Co -75 SO
Four Oil "70
HanfordOil 132 00
Home Oil -•
Imperial Oil 19 00
Independence Oil 17 18
Junction Oil 20 22
Kern OH 5 50
Lion Oil 04 ....
Monte Crlsto Oil SO 85
Monarch Ctl 63 58
Oil City Petroleum 29 .....
Peerless Oil 13 50
Reed Crude OH 40. 41
San Joaquln Oil 5 75
Sterling OH 3 C5
Thlrty-Tfcree Oil 8 00
Twenty-Eight Oil 3 5O
Union Oil 68 00
United Petroleum 11$ CO
West Shore Oil 3 50
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land A Imj> 1 23 1 50
Alameda Susar "f. 29 00
American Biscuit 85 00 100 CO
American District Tel ....
Hay Counties Power ...1
Cal Central Gas A Electric .... .
Cal Cotton Mills S5 CO
Cal Jockey Club .... 105 CO
Cal Powder , ••••
Cal Shipping Co . _. 25 00
Cal Title Ins * Trust 130 00 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland... 6O 00 ....
Chutes Company 8 50
City and County Bank .....
Cypress Lawn Im» Co 6 00 ...'.
Eastern Dynamite ....
Ewa Sugar Plantation ..1
Gas Consumers' Assn 22 60
Honolulu Sucar' 20 00 ;
Ix>ndon and S F Bank (Ltd)
Mercantile Trust
Northern Cal Power 9 50
Nevada National Bank ....
North Shore Railroad 5 00 S 00
Orpheum Company 15 00
Pacific States Tel & Tel... 122 50
Paraffine Paint 33 CO
Postal Device & Imp
San Francisco Drydock 47 00 ....
Sausallto Land and Ferry... lrt 00 ....
Sperry Flour Company 27 50 30 00
Standard Electric 19 00
Truckee Electric 13 25 16 00
Union Sugar 22 60
United Gas A Electric 34 60 ....
Western Fish Co .... .....
sales;.
Morning Session.
500 Four Oil.. U f»
2500 Occidental .....:'.. IS
875 Home •' 1 5O
20O Home 1 45
200 Home 1 40
600 Home • 1 35
600 Home 125
1000 Independence 17
5Qfl Sovereign 37
1 Hatiford 132 00 -
Street —
200 Home 1 70
Afternoon Session.
250 Aztec 82*&
120 Reed Crude 33'
700 Home l 15
2C0 Home, b 30 1 15
100 Home, s 30 115
200 Claremont 20
150 Monarch «57
1 Hanford ..-. 132 00
Mining Stocks.
BAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
. Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange board yesterday:
. Morning Session.
200 Alpha" Oft 100 Silver Hill .. 75
200 Andes ::.'...". IB ICO Yellow' Jacket 61
350 Con C & Vt.l 2p
Afternoon Session.
100O Exchequer ... 05 400 Overman .... . 3fl
60O Kentuck 03 30O Savage ...... 10
100 Mexican . 1 1." 30o Silver Hill .. 7»
100 Occidental ... 44 100 Union Con . . 80
100 Overman . ... 31
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 10c; medium. He; light, 8c; Cow
Hides, 8c for heavy and tic for light;
Stags 6c: Salted Kip. Oc; Salted Veal. »>Ae:
Salted Calf, luc; dry Hides. 16c: dry Kip. Jac;
dry Calf, 18c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 23330c
each; short wool. 40©30c each; medium. 700
ttOC' long wool, $101 60 each; Horse Hides, salt.
S2 "5 for large and $2 2o«2 60 for medium, 52
for small and 00c for Colts; Horn Hides, dry.
$1 75 lor large and $1 50 for medium. $131 23
tor small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins— Dry
Mexican. 32^c; dry salted Mexican. 26c. dry
Central American. 32hc Goat .Skins — Prime
Angoras. 75c; large and smooth. 60c; medium.
35c; small, 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4^©4%c per lb;
No 2. 4#4V 4 c: grease. 2^«3c.
WOOL— Fall clip — San Joaquln Lambs*. 9©
12c: Foothill, 10© 12c: Middle County. HCl3c.
Quotations for spring clip are as follows: Hum
boldt and Mendocino. lSfi20c; Nevada. la^lSc:
Valley Oregon/'fine. lS@10c; do, medium. 17©
1S<*: do. coarse. l<vgtl7C per.lb.
HOPS— 20c per lb to growers.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
the situation In Hay remains unchanged
AH'graies except the choicest are easy. Re
celp'ts .continue large, as wlll.be tfen. Feed
stuffs are reroTted firm at previous prices.
BKAN — *-¦» SUFI'S 5l> per ten.
MIDDLINGS— $27@30 per ton.
SJ1OHTS— I24ig25 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $23g24 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $2682(1 60; Job
bing, $27S27 50; Cocoanut Cake. $21@2'>-
Corn Meal. $A1 . r )0'334 50; Cracked Corn. f.U-S.^, '
Mixed Feed. $23024; Horse Beans, ?28©30 per
HAT— Wheat, $12f?14, with salm at $14 60-
Wheat and Oat. $11013 50: Oat, *10f:i3; Wild
Oat. $'.» 80(811 50; Barley. $3«?11; Clover. £8 60
en: Stock. $?@0; Alfalfa. $S@10 50 per ton
STRAW— 5(i^00c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Chicago was lower on the day. with lower
Hogs and considerable liquidation selling. This
market remained as before.
CURED MEATS— Bacon 12%c per lb for
heavy. 13c Tor light medium, 15c for light,
15'Ac for extra light, 17Hc for sugar-cured and
lSViC for extra sugar-cured; Eastern sugar
cured Iiams. 15%e- California Hams, 15Hc;
Mess Uetf. $11 60(312 per bblj extra Mess, «li
612 60; Family. *13 50; prime Mess Pork, $1U;
extra clear; $25; Mess. $20: Dry Salted Pork.
lli',ic; Pig Pork. $28; Pigs 1 Feet. $5 25; Smoked
lieef 15<5 P? r ' b>
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7%c per lb for
compound and 10@10Hc for purer half barrels.
i>ure, lOViSlOic: 10-lb tins. 10%eiic; 3-i b
iln» 1114c; 3-lb tins, lUic.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 9«6c; three
half barrels. OVjc; one tierce. Oftc; two tierce*.
«%c; five tierces. 9W.C per lb.
Provisions.
GRIDLEY. Aup. 17.-E. A. Boyles of
this place went to the mountains cf Plu
mas County on a hunting trip last week
and In a letter received to-day tells of
his strange experience in the wild coun
try. Returning from a day's trip, he
stepped into an old mine tunnel, and be
ing attracted by the character of the
rock of the walls of the tunnel he struck
a match and walked some distance into
the incline. As he turned to go back to
the mouth of the opening he saw a deer
standing in a patch of light at the en
trance to the tunnel. He raised his rlflo
and fired and immediately.a mass of rock
fell in front of him and partly covered
him. He was not seriously Injured, but
was horrified to find that his exit had
been cut off by a cave which had doubt
less been started by the shock following
the discharge of the rifle.
Boyles then followed. the tunnel back
ward, relieving the darkness by striking
matches, and found that it led to a shaft.
The timbers of the shaft were rotten and
there w^s no ladder, but there was a
chance to climb downward. He let him
self down the old shaft and finding an
other tunnel at the lower level wandered
along its length and after squeezing
through over parts of the roof that had
caved in he reached the outer air near
the bed of a creek. The tunnel through
which he escaped was an old drainaga
way and still carried off the water of
the mine, making pools, through which
he had to wade up to his waist. "When
he ent out it was dark, and being con
fused by his experience he lost his way
and did not reach camp until the fol
lowing morning.
MILLSTUFFS?— Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham. Flour. f3 60 per 100 lbs; Ry 9
Flour;- $* £5; Rye Meal,. $3; Rice Flour, $7;
Com Meal. $3 f>0; extra cream do, $4 25- Oat
Groats; $4 50; Homlny,'?4 25^4 50; Buckwheat
Flour, $4 50©4 75; Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Fa
rina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. *3 75; Rolled
Oats, bbls. $7©S 60; In sacks, $u 50®8 10-
Pearl Barley, $6: Split Peas, ' boxes, $7; Green
Peas. $5 CO per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 C0#
4 85 usual terms; Bakers' Kxtra«, r $4 50*34 60-
Oreg'on and Washington, $,i Uixg4 20 per bbl
tor family and $3 fiO";4 40 for Bakers.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Shot From Rifle Causes
Roof of Tunnel to
Cave In on Him.
NEW FRUIT — Apriccts. 6ftfi0c for Royals
and OifnOc for Moorparks: Evaporated Apples.
5ftQ6ftc; Peaches; 4ft@7c for fair to good
Etock; Pears, nominal st 7c.
OLD FRUIT— Evaporated Apples. 485ftc;
sun-dried 3®4c; Nectarines. 4@5c for white;
Plums. 4<g6c for pitted and .l®lftc for ur.plt
ted: Fips. 3ft@4c for black and 4®6c for white.
PRUNES— 1902 ctop, 2%®2%c for the four
eiies with ftfflc premium for the large sizes
RAISINS — 1902 crop are quoted as follows:
2-crown loobe Muscatels, 50-Ib boxes. 5Uc per
lb- 3-crown, 5*»ic: 4-crown, 6c; Seedless. loos«
Musoatels, 5o; Seedless SulUnas. 3c; Seedless
Thompsons. 5ftc; 2-crown London Layers, 20
lb fcoxeB. $1 4(t per box; 3-crown. $1 60; 4
crown fancy clusters, 20-lb boxes, $2; 2-crown
Dehesas, 20-lb boxes. $2 50; 6-crown ImperlalJ
20-lb boxes, $3; Seeded, f. o. b. Fresno, fancy,
1-lb cartona. 7%c; choice. 7ftc.
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 BOftshell, 12ft@13c-
No 2 10ft#H% c '' No - 1 hardshell. llftC12c-
Ka 2 10i@lUftc: new Almond*, lie for Nonpa
reils "lOftc for I X L. 10\4c for Ne Plus Ul
tra and 8%c for Languedoc; Peanuts. 6®7c
for-Easterri; Pecacs, ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $4 50
C5.
HONEY— Comb, new, 12ftC13ftc for white
and llcfor amber; new water white extracted
6\U$6cj light amber extracted, 5^6 ftc; dark.
4V BEE*SWAX-27@20s per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts,Raisins, Honey.
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS. ,
Consols for money ©OH M, K & T. 20 T^
Consols for acct. &0 9-16 N T Central 129
Anaconda 4 iNor & Western.. 04 Ti
Atchison 63%'Nof AWpfd 83
Atchison pfd .... 924 Ontario & West.. 25
Bait & Ohio 05H 1 Pennsylvania «4<K
Canadian Pacific. 12«>%:Readlng 28?l
Ches A Ohio 33V t (Reading 1st pfd.. 41V,
Thl Great Western 1 7 »4 Reading 2d pfd.. 36
T. M & St P 148 'southern Ry 22%
P* Beers 10V4iSouthern Ry pfd.. 80*
Pen & Rio Grande 24^ Southern Pacific. 46%
P A R G pfd 79tt!Unlon Pacific .... 7fi
Erie 31 Union Pacific pfd. 89
Erie 1st pfd 6»SU 8 Steel 24%
Erie 2d pfd M^D S Steel pfd 74
Illinois Central ..138 IWabash 22^4
Louis & Nashvlie. 110 IWabash pfd 3CVs
Bar silver, steady, 25%d per ounce. Money,
2$2*4 per cent. The rate of discount in th>
open market for short bills Is 2% per cent, and
for three months. 2T6 t>er cent.
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Aug. 17.— FLOUR— Receipts,
24,479 barrels; exports. 22,077 barrels; un
settled and lower to sell.
WHEAT— Receipts, 61,775 bushels; exports,
65,055 bushels; spot, easy; No. 2 red, 86c ele
vator and SS'ic f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern
Duluth. 94'ie f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Man
itoba. H6« 4 c f. o. b. afloat. There was a de
cided check to the upward course of wheat
to-day. Under heavy realizing started by the
Northwest prices lost a cent per bushel, being
also affected by larger world's shipments,
good harvesting weather and light export de
mand.. The close was Tic net lower. May. !
t*!i»QS9^ic closed at fcSTgc; September. 87^® j
K7%c, closed at 87Vic; -December, S7%©S7%c.
closed at blhic
HOPS— Firm; Pacific Coast. 1002,; 21S24%c;
1001, 14017c; olds, 50Sc.
HIDES— Steady. .
PETROLEUM — Steady.
WOOL— Steady.
BUGAR — Raw, strong;, refined, firm.
!• COFFEE — Spot, Quiet. The market for fu
tures closed steady, net unchanged to 5 points I
higher; sales. 17,250 bags. Including August.
3.70c; September, 3.75fi3.80c; November, 4c;
July 4.85c. There was also sales of Septem
ber, 1904, at 5c.
DRIED FRUITS. ¦ .
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market is
quiet and unchanged; common. 4&3>ic; prime, j
5*i6<3c; choice. 6Vi@6Vic; fancy. «5*37c. Fu- :
turcs are attracting some little attention and
I prime for October-November delivery are
(•quoted at from 6c to 6 He * . ¦
PRUNES — Steady and unchanged at prices
I' ranging from- 3c to 7c for all grades.
APRICOTS— Continue firm, with a fair Job-
I bing demand reported. New. crop choice, 0@
; 94c. Old crop supplies are unchanged at 8®
6».c for choice and 10®l2c for fancy.
PEACHES — Quiet and unchanged at 7®7^c
for choice and I0@12o for fancy. .
, • — — — —^—
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. Aug. 17. — Extreme weakness pre
, vailed in the wheat pit to-day and the market
sold oft sharply. Everything was against the
I market and lower prices ruled from the start,
'September being %Q\c -lower at 82Si@82'tj ! c
; at the opening. The early bear factors were
i the lower cableB and the excellent harvesflng-
I weather In the Northwest, resulting In a- big
! decline at Minneapolis, which In turn affected
i prices here. There was selling for the short
I account early and a good many stop loss
1 orders were reported on the decline, which
i aided to the depression, and before the selling
! had ceased September had sold off to S2V»c.
j Then the market rallied %c on a moderate
1 support later but turned weak again toward
! the close and final figures were at the bottom.
! September closed at 62Vs®S2^ic, a net loss "of
¦ IVtGlfec - •
Warmer weather in the corn belt, together
; with the weakness in wheat, brought out llqul
j datlon In corn and the market opened weak,
, but on buying by a prominent operator ; a.
i firmer feeling »a« manifested, and pricea held
¦ about steady wt the opening- decline. Septem
| ber closed »4<2%c lower at 52%«J32Vic. •
Oats ehared in the general weakness, llqutda
i tion being quite general early In the day. Sep
tember closed at a loss of %e at 34fte.
A big run of hogs, together with lower
¦ Trices at the yards, caused weakness in pro
j visions at the »tart and with the lower grain
I prices there was general selling, which con
tinued throughout the day and a further de
cline was experienced. The closing was weak,
with September pork 22tyc lower; Septem
ber lard was off. 12V-j?15c. and ribs down 20
cent?.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles. Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat. No. 2 —
September, old. S3 S3 S2% 82%
September, new. S2% 82% . 8»"i 82%
December, new.. 82% MH 82»4 *2%
ilay 83% 84% sift 84 Vi
Corn. No. 2 —
September 62>$ 52^4 ¦ G2 . 52^
December *. 52H 62*4 ' f>- B2',i
May ..*'.. B2H 62% 02% 52V*
Oatp, No. "2 —
September..... 34^ 34% St'4 84K
December 3« 8« '35 35%
Ma* 1 38 38 35»s~ .37%
Mess pork, per bbl —
September 12 0!S 12 97& 12 <« 12 72^
October 13 00 13 00 12 75 12 80
May ;il3 20 13 20 13 10 13 12ft
Lard, per ICO lbs—
September 7 87ft 7' 00 7 82«£ 7 82 '4
October 7 «0 7 CO 7 52Mi 7 52ft
Short ribs, per 100 lbs —
September ..... 7 60 * CO 7 47H 7 50
October 7 G7ft 7 70 7 12ft 7 55
Cash quotations were as follow*: Flour.
steady; No. 2 spring wheat, 83c; No. 3, 7, c @
82c; No. 2 red SHi,@S2ftc: No. 2 corn, -52c;
No .2 yellow, 54c; No. 2 oats. 34c; No. 2 white'
3G£3CVic; No. 3 white. 3.'l%«S3Cftc: N6. 2 rye.
52c ; fair to choice mailing barley, 46^53c;
No. 1 fiaxsee*]. 97c; No. I Northwestern, Jl ;
prime tlmethy seed.*- $3; mesa pork. ' per bbl,
$12 C2ft&12 70; lard, per 100 lbs, $7 05@7 67ft;
short ribs sides (loose). $7 25@7 60; dry salted
shoulders (boxed). $7 25g7 60; short clear sides
(boxed) $8® H 12ft; whisky, basis of high
wines, $1 29; clover, contract grade, $12®12 50.
Articles— ' Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 10.600 20.700
Wheat bu .62,200 120,200
Corn, bu 154,500 28<Vux>
Oats, bu 472.700 378,900
! Rye bu 6.700 '
; Barfey. bu 20,000 .....:.
On the Produce. Exchange to-day the but tec
marke^was steady; creameries, 14®10c: dairies,
13017c. Eggs at mark, cases Included, uteady;.
14815ftc. Cheese, new. steady; 10ft@llc
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL. . . .*'¦
Wheat— Sept. Oct. Dec.
Opening". 0 6% 6 6% . . t 6%
Clcoing « n% 6 0% ti 6tii
PARIS.
Wheat — Aug. Nov.-Feb.
. Opening Holiday.
j Closing Holiday.
j Opening Holiday.'
Closing Holiday. ».
Eastern Livestock Market.
I CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Aug. 17.— CATTLE— Receipt*
36.000; Western 10@15c lower; good to jirlma
steers, f 1 50@5 50; poor to medium. $3 75@
4 i«); etockers and feeders, $2 56<34 00; cows,
$1 50Q4 10; heifers $2@4 66; canners. (1 50®
2 00; bulls, 52^4 25; calves, »3<@tJ 75; Texas
feed steers, $'W i 75; Western steer3, $3 25g>
li 05.
HOGS — Receipts to-day. 42.000; to-morrow
30.000; BiS15c lower; mixed and butchl
ers. (5 :'Z f !i"t (!5; good to • choice heavy
?5 30f(5 45; rough heavy, $4 00£5 20; light'
$5 301/ 5 70; bulk of sales. $5 25I&5 50
SHEEP— Receipts. 20,000; sheep, steady to
lower; lambs, steady to lower; good to choice
wethers, $3 25©:? 76; fair to choice 'mixed
\1 50-93 25; Western sheep, $2 75@3 75- native
lambs, $3 25£p4 73; Western lambs, (4 &0®4 «5.
Neiv York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Aug. 17.— Tin was higher in
London, advancing 10s In that market with
rpot closing at £128 10s and futures at' £125
Locally the tin market was quiet and closrd
at $28 10©28 25 for spot. d
Copper had a sharp advance In London,
closing at a gain of £2'6n 10d, with spot at
£00 and futures at £68- 15s. Locally copper
was. higher and the market strong Lake
$13 25@13 75; electrolytic, $13 60; castlngi
Lead advanced 3s 9d In London to £11 7« fld
and about 6 points locally to $4 25 '¦ "¦ ".-T^
Spelter was 2s 6d higher in London at £20
"6 Od and remained firm here at $0
Iron closed at Sit 6d in Glasgow' and at 46s
9d in Mlddlesboro. Locally Iron 'war -quiet
No. 1 foundry. Northern $17 50®18; No 2 do'
$16 50©17: No. 1 foundry. .Southern -and do
soft. $16 60@17. .
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. Aug. 17.— The visible supply of
grain Saturday; August 15. as compiled ty
the New York Produce Exchange is as fol
low*: Wheat. 13.438. 000 bushels: decrease
661,000 bushels. Corn, 0.650.000 bushels* -de
crease. 08.000 bushels. Oats, 6.002.OU0 bush
els: decrease. 304,000 bushels. Rye, 498,000
bushels; decrease, C9.000 bushels. Barley. 337,
000 bushels; decrease. 3000 bushels.
St. Louis Wool Market. ..
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 17. — Wool, qalet. Medium
grades, combing and clothing, 12®16ftc; fine.
Weather Report.
ill^h Merld'.sn — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Aug. 17—5 p. o.
£ S " ~ =8 t
I ?£ is. *% I
i gl 5= .-ft i% S
NATIONS. t gl |I £3 f I
c c : • o
: • ? ' : :
Psker 29. <!<; »0 r.4 Xff Ciear .fK)
'•arson 2S.k*> m> 64 \V Clear .00
Eureka :a».O« 66 54 N\V Clear .Oi«
K;-e*no 2K.7S 104 v£ W Clear .00
i:*Cstaff 29. S4 *Q M S Pt CIdy .<<*
indeperfience .29. K2 90 (4 SE Pt Cldy .00
Ivos Angeles. .£a.7»5 SO 04 W" Clear .Oil
Mt. TamaJpais23.34 8S 76 N"W Clear ."0
North Head . .:».»<5 fw «r> N Clear .03
Phoenix 29.«S 104 82 P «"lear .00
Focatello 2V».!>2 91 5« W Pt Cldy .00
Portland 2y.f< 8» 60 NW Clear .00
Red Bluff 23.7$ 104 7f> FE Clear ."i)
Hoseburjf 2S.&6 S2 M NW Clear .00
Sacramento ..29.82 »s 02 S Clear .««!
Sj»:t Lake ...29.^6 Uti C4 NW Clear .00
San Franc:sco.2».90 72 68 W Clear .<«
S. L Obispo. .2".».8S f^4 .12 W Clear .00
San Diego ...2&.S2 »="J «4 S\V Cloudy .00
Prattle 3O.n<> 7S T.0 SfW Clear T
EpokasA 2».fi« 92 .'.4 NW Clear .10
Tatooeh 2». 9S tU R2 NE Ci^ar .0(1
Walia V."alla.l1*.{»4 »4 »3 6 Pt Cldy .00
v,'!T.T!emucca .2^.90 f>2 M SW Clear .00
Ycma 29.70 10* 82 S Clear .00
Y.XATHER CONDITION? AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The : : -ft sure has fulltn t!ow!y o\-er Oregon
tr. : v.'afhlng-tcn. Cloudy weather continues
n P'-uthem Nevada, Southern Utah and
Northern Artzcna. Thunderstorms are report
•-i at Moder.a and FlagstafT.
Ti:* t Qr.pTS-t'jre he? risen rspidly over Ore
gon ar.d Northern California. At Portland the
temperature la IS decrees 6>ove th»- normal.
Forecast made Pt San Francisco for thirty
boon, cnilir.p midr.ipht. August IS:
N'-rthtrr. «'al:forr.ia — Fair Tuesday, except
MWElt^T thpnteatorma in Sierras; cooler;
Bontbefly winds inlar.d; brisk v.«?terly
u:n-3s on the coast.
California — Clcu<5y Tue*4ay. prob
ly showers in the mountains; light southwest
winds.
Nevada — Fair Tuesday, except showers in
*->uih*rn portion.
Baa Francisco and vicinity — Fair Tuesday;
ooler; l!^^t r.orth wind, changing to brisk
a uthicaierty.
ALEXANDER G. McAlME.
Forecast Official.
Daily Crop Bulletin.
For Ibe twenty-four hours endirg 5 p. m.,
_>ih n.erliian t:c»e. Sen Francisco. Aug. 17.
1 = = .= =¦ £0 *=:«
STATIONS. 3 §5 3 *%*,
= <= fa : : :
• * -2- : : :
'. '. r •» • • •
ex. •
• :ov*- r <Ule IW W •• Clear
'olnsa *« *>4 .. Clear
r:u-eka OJ M .. Clear NW lA.
v--» F r.'. 3'^ «2 .. Clerr W «
Hanford K^ S9 .. Clear
HoUtetcr 6G M .. rjear W
IndeteaOeaec W «4 .. Pt.O.dy SE 12
K'.r^ City 100 50 .. Clear N Lt
Llvcnaor* 102 5C .. Clear
Lm Ar. fc fele» 9i> 64 .. i^lear W 10
N£j,a UC< TAi .. Cicar
N> wman 108 PS . . Clear
I'alerrr.o 1<)5 57 .. Pt.CNJy
! rterrllle l"l «c> .. Oear W
TU-d Bluff ICt 70 .. Clear 6E Lt
aiverside 10i» 4« .. Clear ..... ..
i-i'.iiinrzito W «2 .. Oear S
San Diego SO H . . Cloudy F W 6
Eaa I-'.-inclEco 7*- is .. <Tcar \V S2
Han Joye ttl r.5 . . Clear
B. L Obispo *^ .'2 ... Clear W 8
¦arta P.osa S5 52 . . Clear W
Etocktoa r M M» .. Clear
vVill'iws 100 t,6 .: Clear S-E
VTEATHSB AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Crlusa — Crop ccndltlone unchanged.
nrniom — Prvne* turr.lng.
PaKrij — Fruit <tryirir j rogrrFFing nicely.
H> ::i^ter — t\'ir.ter Nellie pears are doing bet
ler ihari Ia5t year.
Iirinforcl — Figs (mod; prunes light; reaches
bet<7; prar>*» gooA.
Uv«naor« — Sw«-tMt»r rraj-es nearly ripe.
:iverFi(J» — C>ranjr« tre»-5 making fine growth.
PorterviUe — Oranges trowing finely, goM
Stockton— Veins traction engines to haul
Kri*-n fruit en account of thortage o' wagons,
i^r-.nta Rosa — Cror renditions favorable.
Naf* — Warm •..,.•¦...- doing «rrar>e. crop
COr>d.
EASTERN MARKETS. I
«¦ . — .+
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 17.— There was a con
tir.UBTsc* of irregular Ftrer.gth Ir. to-day's stock
market, but it w«f. attended by a degree of
beaitfttioa throughout. There was no fjcSi
urgency or ur;ir.:x(-i confidence in the buying
as was the ca*e Ja«t wttk. The principal
Btreocth of the market mas concentrated In a
trw fctocks *nd th« largest proportion of the
day's transactions wa? in a few »tock«. The
{irofe*flon»il traders express doubts whether the
PKOTCry from the extreme «3epr»»s!on hai not
run too fart Ian week ar.d invited renewed re
tetfen. Th'-re was doubt Biro whether the mar
kct »«« rlo* for a flemonFtratlon of positive
;tr»»nj5th beyond the normal limits of upward
reaction afttr the acute <Jepr*-ra!cri. Except
for the fact that most of the neceaiarj- liqutea-
Uoa whirh bad derrr-ssfd the market reamed
< n\:>if<i. th<rc wa.« r.ot enough Indication of
poaJttrc rhanse In ths conSIUons which forced
the liquidation to make any definite upward
movtmeat look at -til attractive. There Is i-ome
revival of apprehension over tee raoney out
i'k. and the best grades Of commercial paper
¦•'.mwsnd i&K-ii per cert, while commission*
.n fom» ca**e r*ife the Interest rate «?oni:ider
:.' ly abrsve this. There does not feera the rllcht
eat i*.e«>n to f jppo«se eny qae«lon of mercan
'ile rrwMt* if involved In the«e rates. It ix
fimply a pressure ui>c>n the available money
narkt-t BUPOlr. Rates fcr time money show
tbe tame flniineFB and eome lenders refuse to
qcett rate*, pointing cut^hat the terms ere a
instwr cf individcnl adjustment between lender
tr.n borrower. The tendency of Interior ex
cbasse fore5i)ai*.ow* the coming demand for
Top mTv»mert rurpot^s, and a rtronger tone
in foreim «!tc1-.ante made the outlook tor 1m
pcrii" of cold net fo reassuring. • Tfce price of
tynd was ralM-d in the London market, and
<liF<.-ounl* were inclined to harden abroad. The
•.Uuatiori abroad was :-::.. ici to sonae extent
l>y the events In sympathy with the London
:: arHet. ulthcugh there was »cme profit-taking
tot fiomertlc account, prempt^a by the extent
r It, tt week'i rise and by dltappolntmcnt o\'er
Cbe Saturday bank rtatement. It was feared
•hat eorne of the elock* boufcht fcr support last
:i»re was wome apprehension that the large
i <»r.kiiir interests would frown upon ary fur
iher cdvanre in rrlce*. The latter fear was
(ttdettd by the character of tome of the .early
I uying. which was given th« epp*arance of ab
-' rr.ticn by some of the !arre banking Interests.
: •offcsricmsi.leaderfrhip was evident In the skill
'• Th which the effective buying wu distrlb
"! Bn<5 was Khifted from one quarter to «n
•'¦'¦r. Erie was In conspicuous demand early.
• ¦-¦ v '!vir.g forecasts were heard of the show
~ to be made In the forthcoming annual re-
Bouthcrn Pacific, Hock Itlsnd and Amalga
y«< Copper wrre tmeceFsfully bromtbt Into
'tr.l^erjce. Corvper was «<!ranced Me a pound
*t «na 22« In Ixindon. The late buoyancy of
Arr.a! pajTla t*<l Coi*per and of^ Rock Inland.
**i^h rr»e 2% and 3%i. respectively, sustained
»• latter market, which was disposed to ro
en ca prc£t-takln«. The closinr waa, In con- (
HUNTER NEARLY -
LOSES HIS LIFE
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on tha PaclSe
Stock Exchange yesterday: -j ~\
Morning Session.
10CO Andes ... 16: 200 Potosl IT
300 Con C & Va.l 25 500 Sierra Nev .. «3
100 Con C & Va.l 30 20O Silver Hill .. 73
2000 Con Imperial., a:! SOO Union Con .. T5
15OO Con N X ... 10; 200 Utah 2*
100 Mexican ...1 124 50 Utah 22
400 Mexican 1 1.1 200 Yellow Jacket W
200 Ophlr 1 65!
Afternoon Session.
100 Caledonia ..1274 SOO Savagn XX
500 Chollar 17 300 Beg Belcher... 12
000 Crown Point.. 1« 200 Silver Hill .. TX
15CO Exchequer ... 05. 300 Silver HilJ .. Ti
300 Potosl 17' 200 Yellow Jacket 80
TONOPAH MINING EXCHAN'OE.
Following were tha sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yester
day:
Morning Session. , »
100 Esperansa ... 04] 500 Mont Ton..l 1T«4
100 Mont Ton..l 124 100 Ton * Cal... S&
200 Mont Ton ...1 l6|
Afternoon 8essioa.
1C0O Esperaiua ... 04T WX) Ton A Cal... 37
600 Mont Ton...l 074J 500 Ton N Star.. BO
y CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. Aug. 17—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Lady Wash.. — Cfl
Hi.1. Ark. Julia 02 04
Alpha 07 10 Justice l.t 15
Alta 04 OrtlKentuck 02 03
Andes 17 18 ! Mexlcan 1 IT. 1 2O
Belcher 3.1 35 1 Occidental ..12 4-T
Best & Bel ..1 75 —.Ophlr 1 «•> 1 70
Bullion M Ji3 'Overman .... 31 ::.'
Caledonia 1 25 1 3OjPotesi 17 I*
Challenge Con ."?i» 3-tiSavage 16 17
Chollar 17 IS [Scorpion .... 02 f-4
Confidence ...1 CO 1 20 Seg Belcher . 11 Vi
Con Cal & Va.l 25 1 SO i Sierra Nev .. «3 67
Con Imperial. 03 04 Silver Hill... 71 Vt
Con NY 12 14i?t Lmils .... 1« 1»
Crown Point. 16 IS I Syndicate ... — C«
Eureka — 45 : Union Con .. n M>
Exchequer ... 05 O6.ITtah 24 25
Gould & Cur. 34 25' Yellow Jacket 3i» «*1
Hale A Nor.. 45 40
TONOPAH MINE3.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Esperanxa ... 03 05iTon Belm.mM 75 —
Hannapah ... 24 23|Ton A Cal... 3« XH
Luckv Tom.. — 15 Ton & G W. . — 10
MacNamara . :5 24|Ton N Star.. *8 Cl
Mlzpah Exten — SSjTon Ml-lway. 4« 43
Paymaster .. — 251 United Ton... 15 —
Rescue 10 12<Utopia — M
sequence, irregular and below the best all
around.
Bonds were irregular, in eympatby with
stocks. Tctal tales <par value). $1,700,000.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Seles. Hlch. Low. Close.
Atchison SS.6O0 «WVi »U% 62"4
At<>*lson pM 3.300 '••j.i, sRi;, S9H I
Bait A; Ohio 19.200 83*4 &2% 8*H !
Btlt & Ohio pfd... (TOO 88'4 S7H 87»i
Canadisn Pacific... r.00 120 1U4T, 125%
Central of N J 15s
Chesap & Ohio ... 3.CO0 34 Ti :r.*% 34\t,
Chi & Alton 300 23^ 22H 23 /
Chi & Alton pfd 62-S
| Chi & G Western.. 4.100 18 17 17 T »
! CM & G W B pi A. POO 32»i 31 31
• Chi & North westn. 700 167 \ WM 167
Chi Term & Trns.. 200 12 11 11
Chi Term & T pfd. 800 21 21 20ii I
C C C & St Louis.. 1.000 74»4 74 74«, I
Colo Southern «CKl 15 14H *4%
Co'.o South in pfd 54
Colo South 2d ofd. R00 24 v, 24 24 14 j
Del & Hudson 9J0 16«4 161% 165^ I
Del Lack & West .. 2iO 2454 244 2454
Denver & Rio G... 300 23Vi 25 25V4
Denver t R O pfd. 400 77% 774 774
Erie 04.SO0 31 28* 4 30=i
Erie Ut i»fd »0<> «S«i «74 - 68H
j Erie 24 r>fa 7.300 5S»i 514 53
; Great Northern f>fd L100 175 175 (170
i Hocking Valley .. 7W 714 <» .14
j Hocklr.g Val rfd.. l«0 814 S14 82
Illinois Central .... 1.500 1344 1.U4 133 »; I
Iowa «'entral 2.300 244 20"4 24
Iowa Central pfd.. 2.800 44%» 44 44 4'
K C Southern 800 22»» 224 22S !
K C Southern rM.. 3«*> .'» S3 39% ;
Louis A Nash 7.4i»0 10<i 1W4 107
Manhattan L 34.*u<) 136 Vi VM\ 1354'
MetropollUn St Ry 4.2*j II6V4 IH4 115^ |
Mlr.n & Pt Louis . . 2<X) 82 C.1 fiO
Missouri Pacific ... 24.000 9S4 H4T, 95 T^ j
Mo Kan & Texas... 5.900 21 20 20* 4 !
Mo Kan & Tex rfd. 4.30<> 454 *'- 4iv + j
N R R of Mfx pM 1,800 iQ\ 40 404!
N Y- Central ' S.fcOO 1254 121»i 124U
I Norfolk & Western. 2.SC0 (4 62% «3% i
j Norf & \Ve«t pfd 90 !
I Ontario & Western. 13.5-0 244 21% 2*4 :
'Pennsylvania 16.00ft 12."!% 125 1254 1
i Pitts C C & St L.. 1.2'«> fiiij <*1 «34 I
; Resdins ».. 3.l't«> 5<U t T^\ sr.'i j
j Reading 1st pfa. .. 2<><t t>l\ MT» ¦ 81 4 ,
: Reading 2(1 pfd. 100 tS> T * fWJj 70 j
I Rock Is!ar.i Co 73.700 2»4 25 2S% i
j Rook Island Co pfd 4.700 e.74 «3"4 CT^ .
St L & S F 1st pM 72
St L & S F 2d pfd. l.fi<Xi G14 50 U Blli
St Louis S W f.u> 174 iC s i 17
St Louis S XT prd.. 3.800 35 S3 l'A\ !
Pt Paul 17,000 145 14.i4 I44T4 !
8t Pau! rfd 170 j
Southern Pacific .. 40,900 47 4t'4 4<i4 I
Southern Railway.. 8.300 22*4 21 S 224
Southern Ry pfd... 3«) P4 S3U 83V 4
Texas & Pacific... 1.S00 'Zi'A Hf,\ 2~*%
Tol St L & West.. 4O0 23 *; %>% 21
Tol Pt L & W pfd. r^>» 314 r.ij% 31
Union PaciOc .... 50.200 T7>i 754 • 7tl>;
Union Pacific pfd.. 200 tt% S5\ 85 '
Wabash 3.C00 234 21 tj, 23
Waba*h pfd «.500 38^ 054 37»4
W & Lake Erie... 200 17T» 17 7 * 17*-fc
, Wisconsin Central. 2.300 204 19 204
Wisconsin Cent pfd 700 40 334 40
Express Companies —
Adams 221
American 1£2
United States 105
Wells-Fargo 200
Miscellaneous —
Amalgamated Cop. 71.700 60% 4«4 SQ%
Amer Car & Fdry. "f*) MK 34 .14
Atner C * K pfd.. 100 84 84 84
Arr.er Linseed Oil. W«J 104 lOVi 10U
Amer L'r.s OH pfd 33
Amer Locomotive.. 2.200 lfi% 1S% 194
Am*T Loco pfd... 100 844 844 844
Amer Smelt & Refg 1.5O0 4«'.4 45H AK%
Amer S & R pfd.. 200 K*4 894 00
Amer Sugar Refg.. 2.100 117«i 116 11«»4
Anaconda Min Co. 1.400 ?»** 7« 7»4
Brockljn Rap Tran 7.5fx) - 45^i 45 48
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 1,000 53 514 ">1S4
Col A Hook Coal.. 300 15»i 15 18%
ConsolKated Gat.. 1.3O0 1795* 1784 lTfty*
General Electric . . l.flOO 167 163 iffR
icternatinnal Paper 100 12S4 12>4 124
Intemtl Psr*r pfd 400 <s»4 6«*4 «»4
International Pump 34 4
Interr.atl Pump pfd 74
National Biscuit .. 400 SS« 37«i 31
National L*ad 8f» in% I614 lau,
North American .. 3.300 83 7fl«i 7S^
Pacific Mall 100 22 22 21
People's Gas 900 05>* 04*4 95
Pruned Stwl Car.. «X> 444 43'4 44
Pressed ftl Car pM 200 81 4 81 4 81 ij
Pullman Palace Car 214
Republic Steel 200 124 J2V4 J2
Republic Steel pfd 700 C7H, R7 «6T,
Rubber Goods COO 15Vi 15% 15
Rubber GoMn pfd W>
Ter.n Coal & Iron.. 6.2C0 45'4 4»4 45^; !
U P Leather 1.100 K% t 8>.£ J
U S leather pfd.. 000 82% 82 824
r P Rubber 114
1.: S Rubber rfd . . 300 4f> 3» 3D
C ? Steel 10.500 24t{ 23% 23 T «
r S Pteel pfd 5,7^0 724 "1% 72%
Western Union 600 83»i 634 83H
Total shares fold. 1.737,000
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Aug. 17. — United Railroad* of
Pun Francisco bond transactions; 56,000 at
NEW YORK BONDS.
D P ref 2s reg..lO64 louis & N Uni 4s. P«4
Do coup JOG 4 Manhattan ;, 101 14 .
Do 3s reg 10B'J.,Mex Cent 4s .... 72«i j
Do coup 10041 Do 1st Inc 17 !
Do new 4s reg.134 iM'nn & St L 4s. 07*i !
lv> coup 134 <M K A T 4s flf>4
Do old 4s r»g..lOT» ! Do 2<l3 77
i Do coup ICO N Y Cent g 34s. 05»4
Do 5k rr* 101 «i N J Cent K . 1 fe...l2«'i
Do coup 101 4. Nor Pac 4s. .... .100-**
Mch K<n 4s fl'.t^! Do 3s 70% I
Do anjt 4« 88 Nor & W- c 4s... 07 Vi
Kalto & Ohio 4s. 10<l 'Pennsylvania .... f)54
Do 34» »2 ll'.cad Gen 4s .:.. 04%
Do Conv 4s ... 97 :Rock Island 75
Canada So 2-1s ..10T» ISt L & I M c 5e.lll
Cent of Ga 5s ..1O44 S L A S F 4s.... 0^4
Do 1st Inc ... 75 ISt L S W ljsts,. f»2 ¦
Oies & O 4 4«...10'J I Do 2ds ...-.'I. .. 72
Chi & Alton 3>»s. 724 S A & A P 4s.. 75
C R &- Q n 4s... 00 Southern Pac 4s.. R5U
C M & S P g 4i.l004 Southern Ry Cs...ll2«,
Chi & N W c 7s.l2» ,Tex & Pac lsts..H5
C R I & P 4s 1O0 1T0I S L & W 4s 71>i
«* C C & 8 L g 4s. 05 (Union Pac 4s ... ftfti;
CM Term 4s 73 j Do conv 4s »4%
Colo & So 4s SliJt! S Steel 80
Colo Fuel & I... SO jWabash lsts 1144
Con Tobacco !> r >%,\ Do 2ds 1044
P &. II O 4s 08 I Do Deb B 61 U
Erie prior lien 4s. 9C% West Shore 4s ..10)5
Do Gen 4s 83 jWheel & L E 4s.. 89
Ft W & D C lsts.103 Wls Central 4s... 83
Hocking Val 4 4s. 105 "L
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 10|LltUe Chief 06
Alice 17 Ontario 0 00
Breece 15|Ophlr 1 50
Brunswick Con ... 07 Phoenix os
Comstock Tunnel.. 07 J*otosi .-, 15
Con Cal & Va....l 45 Savage 24
Horn Silver 1 C5 Hmall Hopes 20
Iron Silver 1 70 Standard 1 75
Leadville Con 0?l
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— - Weetinghouse com SO
Hall loans 4@1H Mining-
Time leans 566 Adventure .is:
Bonde— jAlloutr e'
Gas 2«ta 70 ! Amalgamated ... 604
Mex Central 4s.. 70 Daly West 40
Railroads — ! Hir.gham 25
Atchison «2% Tal A Hecla. 440^450
Atcblson pfd 89 Centennial 19*;
Boston & Albany .245 Copper Range ... 634
Bocton & Maine. 170 Dominion Coal ... $54
Boston Elevated. .137 Franklin g%
Fitchburg pfd ...134 Isle Royale gii
Cnlon Pacific .... 76H Mohawk 4.1
Mexican Central.. 14'i Old Dominion .... n
Mixcellancous — • .Osceola 604
American Sugar.. 117 Parrot 22
Amer Sugar pfd. .118 ;Quincy 95
Axr-er Tel & Tel.. 135 Banta Fe Copper. \%
Domion 1 & EteeJ. 0%'Tamarack ..105
General Electric. IRC frlmountaln S24
Mass Electric 24 Trinity c»^
Uui Elec pfd.... 60 Cnited States ... 20%
United Fruit .... «5 «-*«*««_; 27\J
U S Steel 23T, Victoria' 49Vi
JJ a Steel pfd.... 72»4 Wtnona Jl
Open. High. .Low. Close.
December ...$1 OSVi $1 t'SVt $1 0* U 08
OATS — The market opened the week steady
and unchanged. '
White. $1 20® 1 30; Elark. $1 30®l 45; Red,
51 ir>4jl 20 for common and $1 25*31 30 for
choice; Gray, nominal.
CORN — Quotations show no further change.
The market Is quiet, but firmly held. Offer
ings continue slender.
Western, sacked. Jl 50#l C2^ for Yellow
and $1 47i£«?l . r >0 for mlxej. California largo
Yelibw. *1 57 >£<{?. 1 <52H: small round do, >1 7o
<gl 7.'.; White, $1 63 ]>er ctl.
RYE— $1 17^01 £•"> P" ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— J2 i6^'2 50 per ctl.
Session 2 p. m.
.'¦ Open. High.' Low. Clo^
December ...$1 C7-; 51 ** . $1 07*4. $.1 OS
' Feed. $1 Oe^i^l OS*; : Shipping and Brew,
ing; $1 12%@1 1«H; chevalier. ' *t 20&1 40 for
fair to choice.
FUTURES.
Session d to 11:30 a. m. •
CASH BARLEY.
Session 2 p. m.
•» Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 47?i $1 47?4 $1 47?i $1 47%
BARLEY — The cash market was firm and
one choice lot of Feed 6old up to $1 10, but
for all other business $1 0S*i was the top quo
tation. There was no particular activity.
Open. H!£h. Low. Close.
December ...?1 47% fl-4S% ?1 47^ $147?*
Session 0 to 11:30 a*, m.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 4501 50; California
White Australian. $1 55-fll «0; Northern Club.
$1 45igl 60; Northern Blue Stem. $1 55®a 57^;
Oregon Valley. $1 52',;.
FUTURES. . . •
WHEAT— There were no French market*, as
it was a holiday there. Liverpool futures wore
weaker. The world's shipments for the w*ek
were aa follows, in quarters: Russian, 144;00t);
Danublan, U5.DG0; Argentine, 81,000; «Indiaii,
183.000. The American visible .-. «uppiy 'de
creased 661,000 -bushels. '- - ...
Chicago declined Ic, under very light trad
ing, but reported the demand for six>'. Whuat
larger than the supply- Minnesota reported
the cash market "gick.," Kansas City wired :
"Oklahoma and southern Kansas flooUel agBin
this morning, and tho whole country buying
.Wheat here. ' ' ,-,— ¦ .:
There was no "change In this market aside
from a decline in futures. There was a rumor
that Australia is sending a' cargo of white
Wheat to this pert, buuit could not.be traced
to any definite source and' was. pronounced im
probable as Australia.has.no Wheat to spare
now and the" new crop will. not be harvested
for some monthsjyet.r ¦ '
Wheat. and Other Grains.
The steamer Sierra brought up from Syd
ney $2.COO.00O in sovereigns.
All rates remain as before. .
Sterling Exchange, sixty dayB.. — |4 83*4
Sterling Exchange, eight — 4 8«Vi
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 8JH
New York Exchange, sight .....— 7">fc
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Silver, per ounce — 65$i
Mexican Dollars, nominal •¦ — r 42 ¦
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Th? feature of the market yesterday morning
was the sharp recovery In Alaska Packers,
the stock rising from $136 50 to $142 50. The
only other transactions were in Mutual Elec
tric at $13® 13 50 and in Gas and Electrio at
$63 50.
On the California Exchange Home Oil ran
down like a shot from $1 70 to $1 25, the other
stocks being dull and not materially changed.
In the afternoon Alaska Packers continued
to improve, selling up to $145, with more buy
ers ' than sellers. The lmnrovement tn this
stock is said to be due to the improved condi
tion of the market situation as far as this
company is affected. Oas and Electric sold
down to $63. Home OH continued to decline,
selling at $1 15.
The Pacific Borax Company will pay a regu
lar monthly dividend of $1 per share on Au
gust 20.
West Shore Oil Company paid on the 14th a
dividend of 5c per share, amounting to $5000.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash., Aug. 17.—WHEAT—Nomi
nal. Bluestem, 82c; Club. 78c.
PORTLAND, Or.. Aug. 17.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 77©7!*c; Bluestem. 80@S2c;, Valley, 80c.
OREGON
Northern Wheat Market.
Arrival of $2,500,000 in sovereigns from Sydney.
Xczc York Stocks several points higher and buoyant.
Scz'cral sliarp fluctuations in local Stocks.
Exchange and Silver as previously quoted.
Wheat quiet and unchanged. Barley firmer.
Oats, Corn and Rye steady at previous prices.
Xo further change in Hay or Fccdstuffs.
Nciv crop Beans expected from the river next zveek.
Butter opens the zceek higher, zcith a good demand.
Cheese and Eggs steady and unchanged.
Xo change in Provisions here, but Chicago lozver.
Hogs weak, zuith receipts running larger.
Potatoes and Onions arrive heavily and the former decline.
Poultry steady and cleaning up zvell.
Brisk demand for fresh Fruits.
FIGS— 75c(B$l 50 per box. ¦ „_-.,.
PLUMS — 50QS5C per crate and 30@40c per
box; large open boxes, 4O@75c; to canners, $20
<jj 25 per ton.
NECTARINES— Nominal. ,
PEACHES — 25®50c lor small boxes and 405?
65c for large; to canners, $15®20 per ton for
freestone and **J0@25 for clings; baskets from
the river. 25®40c. .
MELONS — Cantaloupes, 75c®l 25 per crate:
Nutmeg Melons, 40@60c per box; Watermelons.
$5«15 per hundred. *
- GRAPES— Seedless. 4ft960c per box and 75c
ffijl per crate: Muscat. 60@75c per box or crate;
Fontalnebleau. 30$60c per box or crate; Tokay.
r.Cfi73c per box or crate; Black. 50(g00c per box
or crate; Sweetwater in large open boxes, «5c
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. 1 600
2 50 per box; Seedlings, $l<ffl 25: Valencia*.
$1 50@3; St. Michael. ?2#3; Mediterranean
Sweet* $1 25«1 50; Lemons. 50e§2 SO; Grape
Fruit, $1@1 25; Mexican Limes. $4<ff4 50; Ba
nafcas, $2#2 60 per bunch: Pineapples, $2®
2 60 per dozen. . .-
Trade in the fruit market was unusually
brisk for Monday. du» chiefly to the extra re
quirements of hotels and restaurants during
the G. A. R. Encampment. Nearly all descrip
tions were In free BUpply and prices generally
were well maintained, with occasional lots of
desirable stock selling at a small premium over
the quoted rates. Receipts of Berries werj
light and Strawberries and Raspberries cleaned
up quickly at higher rates, while Blaakberries
were easier, owing to the poor quality of the
offerings. Apple?, Pears, Plums and Peaches
of good quality were steady and unchanged,
but common end Inferior offerings dragged at
easy* rates. Grapes arrived freely and fancy
offerings were in fair request, but the general
run of supplies were poor and small and
moved slowly in consequence. Watermelons
were active, owing to the warm, sunn? weath
er, and fine large Melons sold in a small way
up to $20 per hundred. Cantaloupes and Nut
meg Melons,-4oo, were In good demand, but as
receipts were Very heavy pries were no higher.
Receipts of Pears and Yellow Plums in bulk
were light and sold readily at full figures for
canning account. Good canning Peaches were
in fair request at unchanged rates. A car
load of Zlnfandel Wine Grapes, the first ; of
the season, is expected from Antioch to-mor-
STRAWBERRIES — Longworths. nominal;
other varieties. $4@fl per chest. '
RASPBERRIES— $S©10 per chest.
..BLACKBERRIES— $2 50®3 50 per chest.
.HUCKLEBERRIES — 6® 6c per lb. | •
APPLES — S5c©*l 15 per box for fancy., 60#
75c for good to choice and 25@40c for common;
Crabapples, 30g4°c for small boxes and 60@75:
j t PEARS— Bartletts, $1®1 25 *or- 'wrapped;
Urge open boxes, 85cfi$l for No. 1 and 40®65e
for No. 2: to canner*. $25*535 per ton.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
SEATTLE. Aug. 17.— Clearings, $756,394;
balances, $157,066.
TACOMA. Aug. 17.— Clearings, |303,110;
balances. $43,687. _ ¦ .
PORTLAND. Aug. 17. — Clearings. $673,243;
balances. $100,823. '¦_<¦.
SPOKANE.. Aug. 17.r-Cl««-rings. $374,492;
balances. $43,66S.
Northern Business.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Aug. 17. — The cotton market
closed steady to-day, prices showing a net loss
for the day of 8®26 points.
higher than on Saturday. There was no scarc
ity, however. The advance was discountenanced
by some' houses, who regarded the firmness as
merelv an Incident of the G. A. R. celebration,
and therefore transitory.
Cheese was steady and unchanged.
Eggs showed little variation and were report
ed quiet. Stocks were ample, without being
cumbersome.
Receipts were 51.B00 lbs Butter, 707 case*
Eggs and 6500 lbs Cheece. - '
BUTTER— Creamery, 25£27c ; dairy. 20fl>24c;
store Butter, 17@20c: Eastern, 22@24c.
CHEESE— New, 12@12VjC for ordinary and
13c for special marks; Young America. 14-? 15c;
Eastern, 15*A@16c; Western, 14@15c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch. 27%®28e for large white se
lected and 23©27c for good to choice; store. 18
©24c; cold storage, 25c; Eastern. 200220 par
dozen. . . .
6c; boxes, &.25e per 1b. * No orders taken for
less than 75 barrels or Us equivalent.
of Produce.
FOR MONDAY. AUGUST IT.
Flour, qr sks.. 13.002 Hops bales ... 45
"Wheat, ctls ... 2.685 Wool bales.... 113
Barley, ctls . . . 2.3S« Shorts, sks €&»
Oat*, ctls 1,350 Tallow. cUs ... 213
Corn, ctls 1.625 Sugar ctls .... 2.400
Rye. ctls 527 Pelts No. 3.773
Beans, sks 342 Hides No 246
Potatoes, sks . 10.017 Leather rolls... 160
Onlona. sks . . . 1.273 Wine, gal* .... 63.3DO
Screenings, sks. 200 Lime, bbls .... 590
Bran, ska 1,603' Paper, reams... 1.458
Middlings, sks . 4H5. Quicksilver, fiks ---,7
Hay. tons 1,218!
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr stca.. 18.74? JShorts. ski .... 653
Oats, ctls 2.5531
lfi<SlSe; heavy fine, 12@15c; tub wtshtd, 20®
28»4c.
s ¦ ¦ 0 . . :¦¦¦"¦ ¦ ¦'¦-...•¦ ¦ ..:.-¦¦.-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 18, 1903.
STOCK MARKET.
Butter was very firm yesterday, with ci Im
proved demand, /lne v . to -the great numbers of
visitors h«re, and most; dealer! quoted Ic
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Meets Death Under Train Wheels.
SAN JOSE. Aug. 17.— Cornelius McCar
thy, gardener at St. James Park, was
found dead near the Fourth-street depot
this morning with his skull fractuned and
one foot crushed. He had evidently fallen
off the nl£ht train from Los Angeles. He
went to Santa Cruz with his family yes
terday, but was not seen after the train
left Watsonville. It is supposed that he
stepped off at Watsonville. that the train
left him and that he afterward took the
Los Aneeles train at Pajaro, which sr
rived in San Jose at 12:30 last ni*nt. s
The Poul*ry market wm steady, particularly
on gooJ y.-.urp stock., such as large young
Koustcrs fryer*.' Broiler* and heavy Hens. The
receipts were very lUht as usual on Monday,
but carrled-over stock was offering freely and
cleaned up well at steady prices. No Western
came In, but a car wa* reported close at hand
and Bcheduled for to-day's, market. Game of
g-ood quality found ready eale at previous
price*. : Home of . the receipts were In poor
condition, showing the efTect« of the hot
weather, and had to.be sold below the quota,
tlons' or dumped. •¦
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, nominal; Geese,
per pair. .$1-2501 50: Goslings. $1 50@i 7B:
Ducks. $3@4' per doien for old and S3 5004 M
for young: Hens. $465: young Roosters, $3<$
« 80: old Roosters, $i@ 5; Fryers,. $3 60@4:
Broilers. • $3«3 BO for large and $2 25«32 50
for small: Pigeons. $160 per down for old
and *1 60tfM 75. for Squabs.
GAME— Rabbits. $1 25®1 75 per doien; Hare.
$125^1 50; Wild Dovei. 75c per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13
AUCTION SALES
£a» fe £»
8IG AUCTION SALE OF
1000HORSES
The first consignment of this lot will b« sold oa
THURSDAY. Aug. 20. at 11 a. m..
At SUNSET SALES YARDS. ISO VALENCIA
ST.. near Thirteenth.
If yon want good sound young horse* or
mares at your own pricea don't fall to attend
this sale, as they must and will be sold to the
highest bidder.
S. WATK1N3. Auctioneer. 122 OroT» st.
.fe £*
AUCTION SALE OF HORSES. WAGONS.
HARNESS. WEDNESDAY. Aug. 19. at 11 *.
m. Arcade Horse Market. 327 Sixth §t.
Every bora* must be as represented or no aal*.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 18, 1903.
14
HELP WASTED— MALE— Con.
MURRAY & READY.
Phone Main 6848. 634-636 Clay st.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Office half block long; 14 clerks employed:
by our own printing plant we publish a free
bulletin of labor containing every position
segregated under departments ready for dis-
tribution 7 a. m. ; also noon and evening
editions; get one free. *"
THIS IS WHAT
MADE US FAMOUS.
We know no distinction between man and
' man.
YOU ARE ALL EQUAL.
YOU ARE ALL WELCOME.
1902 we gave 1903 we'll give
45.000 men work. C0.00O men work.
We ship you Free to one
Free' to-day. Free to all.
Ogden. Utah. All parts Nevada,
Los Angeles County, Santa Barbara,
.Chatsworth Park. Hawaiian Islands,
Santa Susana. . Oregon,
San Fernando. *" Washington,
Los Angeles County. Central America,
Arizona. Wllltts. Uklah,
And All Points North. East. South,
Including Ogden, Utah.
Carpenters and helpers, pile drivers, fence
builders, drillers, single, double and machine
men, corner and bench hands, muckers,
chuck tenders, car dumpers, teamsters, la-
borers track men, cooks, waiters, black-
smiths, etc.. $5. $4. $3 50. $3. $2 50. $2 day.
Free fare. Free fare. Free fare.
Everybody talking. Thousands going.
Are you? Are you? Are you?
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay it
111 COOKS— BIG PAY. ~
COOKS-^BIG PAY. COOKS— COOKS.
26 cooks for harvest and fruit ranches, hay
presses, etc., $70. $60, $50. $40, $30 fd.; very
few men to cook for, no women there.
4 cooks for different mines, $70, $65, $50, $40
and found.
46 cooks, hotels, restaurants, cafes, stations,
etc., $70 to $40 and found.
WAITERS.
82 waiters, different places. Including cafes
and grills. $45 to $30 and found.
6 bell and elevator boys, city and country
positions, $15 to $30 and found.
0 porters and bedmakere, city and country
I positions, $45 to $20 and found.
•S6 dishwashers, city and all parts of Califor-
nia, $40 to $25 and found.
MURRAY & READY. C34-636 Clay st.
FRE*E ONLY 14 MILES AWAY FREE.
16 laborers; you'll suit. $42 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 034-636 Clay st.
SPECIAL BY MIDNIGHT.
MAIL. PHONE AND TELEGRAPH. !
Greenhouse gardener, $50; sheep herder. $25
and found.
2 miners, gold mine. Scandinavians. $90.
Carpenter, ranch, boes here, $40 found.
Cook, fare paid, ?40 and found.
SPECIAL.
12 men, warehouse work, fare $1. $3 day,
EXTRA SPECIAL. CITY.
12 laborers, Oakland. $45 found.
Sheetiron worker, city. $3 day.
2 cappers, country cannery, $2 day.
Bench capper, country cannery, $2 day.
2 boys, learn tllesettlng, city. $32 50.
Milker and wife, Coluxa County. $50 found.
Walter. Santa Cruz County cafe, HO found.
Log way man. also sawyer, south. $90 found.
LOOK— R. R.— 10c FARE.
12 laborers, track men, $2 25 day.
Laundryman. country job, $35 found.
Boy carry U. S. mall.
4 young men. help ttlesetters, $2 day.
OREGON— FREE R. R. FARE.
26 laborers, sawmill, boss here, $60.
Kdgerman, same place, boss here, $75.
5 extra waiters, city hotels, $1 50 day fd.
Milker and wife, boss here, $50 and found.
Cook. Nevada, free fare, R. R.. $50 found.
Slaughter-house butcher's helper, fare $1, $30
and found.
Bell boy for first-class club. $30 found.
Baker's helper, fare $1 70, $35 found.
»> hammermen, 8 hours, new Job, $«2 50.
Blacksmith. 8 hours' work, camp, $90.
.'» laborers, help mechanics, you'll do, $2 day.
EXTRA SPECIAL.
Butcher, ranch, boss here, $40 found.
:."> fruit pickers, fare 75c. $30 found.
12 cooks, ranches, $60, $50, $40. $30 found.
Butcher, wagon work, fare "0c, $35 found.
Man and wife, dairy. San Mateo Co., $55 fd.
2 families, pick almonds. $2 50 ton.
Choreman, State Senator's residence, $30 fd.
Carpenter, 8 hours, city, $3 50 day.
BEST WAGES AT MURRAY & READY'S.
BEST PLACES AT 634-636 Clay St.
LOOK! UTAH STATE LINE.
Steam shovel engineer, free fare, $75 to $125
Cranes man. fjee fare. $00 to $90
Cook, few men. camp, free fare. $50 fd
MUR R A Y A READY. 634-636 Clay Bt.
GOING TO-DAY^ HUMBOLDT CO.
55 laborers, anybody will suit, $35 and found;
steady Job; big lumber trust.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
ITALIANS— BOARD YOURSELVES.
25 laborers, new work, steady Job, $67 50.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
EL DORADO CO.
BIG SAWMILL. Y<*ur R R Fare Paid.
2f> woodsmen, $45 fd.
25 laborers, you'll suit. v $60
MURRAY & READY, N 634-636 Clay St.
MANUFACTURING SYNDICATE.
FARE PAID. 43 MILES AWAY.
25 laborers, no experience required. $67 60.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay at.
BIO NEW GOLD MINE.
25 laborers, you'll suit. Calaveras County
$07 50. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay!
GOLD. SILVER?
COPPER. COAL.
26 machine miners, southeast mine, $90.
1»S single and double hand miners, $90, $S2,
$75. ?
S« timber furnace men. also muckers, $30
$75. *eo and found.
16 car men for good mines, $45, $60 and fd
COME AND SEE.
2fiS laborers, no experience wanted, located
everywhere. X7. r >, WO and found.
NEW TUNNELS. OLD QUARRIES.
237,simrle and double hand drillers, also la-
hortra, located all over California. $S0 $75
$60 and founrt. COME SEE. " '
FARMS AND DAIRIES.
33 milkers and butter makers, $40, $35 $30
and found.
180 ranch hands. $45. $30. $26 and foirad
THRESHING OUTFITS.
38 men about threshing machines, you'll do
$45 and found. *
26 hay balers, located all over. 20c, 25c ton
BIG WAGES— GOOD JOBS.
FOR STABLES, 2(5 men, $R0, $70, $50, $.15 fd
FOR CHORES. 39 men. $35. $30. $20. $15. fd.
Coachmen, gardeners, private family men,
¦sheepherders.
MARRIED HELP WANTED.
Waiter and wife, country. $55 and found, ex-
ceptionally good job.
8 farmers and wives, cook and wife for mills,
woods, mines, etc., ?40, $30 $f>0 and found-
come see; WE'LL TELL YOU. _
MUST HAVE 'EM. "
26.1 laborers end teamsters, located all over
California, excavating mills, factories grad-
ing, etc., some in San Francisco, $2, $2 50
day.
BOYS. BOYS. BOYS,
lfi boys, to learn trades, work in factories
$5, $6, $7, $9 week.
LOOK AGAIN.
16 brick bufners. boys here. $45 and found
12 brick wheelers, boss here. $35 and found
10 brick setters, boss here, $2 50 to $3 day.
2(j laborers, brickyard, boss here, $60
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
RAILROAD'S OWN WORK.
154 laborers to lay track and ballast work,
$67 50 per month. ,
THEY WANT YOU.
DIAMOND MATCH SYNDICATE OF NEW
YORK-COST $1.
1S6 teamsters and axmen $75.
186 laborers. $67 50.
186 drillers, rock hammersmen. $70
LOOK— NOW— TO-DAY FREE
M^HEADERMEN, TUNNEL. FREE FARE.
"FACTORY— EXTRA GOOD— $60.
16 -laborers; you'll suit; steady Job near
city. $60.
BORDERS OF OREGON FREE.
25 two-horse teamsters, lumber company,
free fare., $50 and found
SHASTA AND SISKIYOU COUNTIES.
26 laborers, you'll suit, lumber trust. $72 50.
2 screw setters. $105; 15 offbearers. $S2 50.
25 laborers, pile lumber, you'll suit. $S2 50.
16 crosscut t crs for woods. $60 and found.
26 boys ' for box factory, anybody will do, :
$32 and found.
TUOLUMNE GOLD MINE REGION —
FREE.
65 laborers, anybody will do, R. R. fare free.
$42 and found.
North— GET ABOARD THIS BOAT— Free.
27 laborers, lumber mills, yards, etc., fare
* paid. $35 and found up.
AS WE TOLD YOU— TO BUTTE $1.
196 teamsters laborers and axmen $75. .
FREE— OREGON— FREE. '
26 woods and mill men, regular Oregon big
wages — WAGES.
> FRUIT PICKING— AS YOU LIKE IT.
65 men, you eat fruit, you can pick fruit,
fare $1 $26 and found. -
ARE YOU A COAL MINER?
155 coal • miners — OREGON — FREE FARE.
- WILLITS— UKIAH— FREE FARE.
26 teamsters and laborers, others going — Are
you? $75.
DO YOU KNOW? FREE FARE.
On every train we ship to S. P. Co.'s own
work. (All. yes, all divisions.) Laborers.
• extra ¦ gangs and section hands. Free fare.
SANTA BARBARA BY THE'SEA.
155 laborers, free fare. $45 and found. '"
. MURRAY & READY,
. ¦ 634-636 Clay at.
• MECHANICAL.
READ CAREFULLY.
9 bench hands. $3 50; tt helpers, bench Job,
$60;. country jobs.-
BLACKSMITHS.
34 blacksmiths and helpers, located every-
where, $90 up.
16 coopers, lie barrel; 2 carriage makers $4.
Sandstone quarryman. $3 day up; stone-
mason country. $60 and found. »
BUTCHERS.-
8 all-round butchers. $40, $60. $70 and found.
MILLINERY.
LADIES' Imported and tailored hats Just In:
call' prices low to start them going: frames
made tr. fit the face. MME. DOSCH. 207
I'Ofct tt.
- MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, tM-hand machinery. McIN-
JOSH & WOLPMAN. l'.>5-197 Fremont St.
A GOOD reason to buy diamonds, watches ani
Jewelry from us is that you need only pay a
small weekly payment on all purchases; all
goeds delivered on first payment. Call anJ
examine our goods, even if you don't c_r» to)
buy. LICHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25 Stockton.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterlte: in rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good ov»r oH
Iron tin or shingles; best for new roots.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
NEW lumber for sale; used for Official grand-
stand at City Hall siuare: bi<! a Bawl be in
before Aug. 10, 5 p. m., at 1O."> GoMen Gat»
ave.
A _ r i ne suits $7 5f>; dress pants. $2 50. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 23S Kearny St..
near Bush; open to 9 P- m. Sunday to noon.
A— $3 50 DERBY and fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 300 Kearny st.. r.ear Pine;
open till 0 P. m. Sunday to noon. .
a BUY 5 * sells, or rents gear machinery, en-
gines boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc WH1TELAW. 2y.-2.V-> Spear st.
. SECOND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps'
wood and iron working machinery, bought.
ToM and rented. H.S.WHITE.130-132 Beale.
FOR sale 2 carloads No. 1 Jerseys. Holstelas
and Durham cows; fresh and springers: at a
bargain. Mission road, near Flve.Mlle House.
CHEAP; nearly new Jewel gas range and
small coal stove. 7 Ewer place, off Mason
St.. bet. Sacramento and Clay.
Al FRESH family cow. Just from the country.
Inquire SAM AFTEROUT. Mission road. nr.
Seven-Mile House and county line.
TRY our men's shoe3 at $1 and $1 50 pair:
foot-form shoes at $2 50: we pay expreM
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam_bl£g.; catalog free.
GAS and gasoline engines, new and second-
hand; all sizel E. B. BECK & CO.. 123
Market st. „
FOR SALE— Gasoline engine*. Bay City Iron
Works. Third and Washington sts.. Oakland.
LADY'S ticket for s!im brunette, medium
height, to St. Louis: $2T.. Box 3331. Call.
AT a great sacrifice bracelet containing 4S
large diamonds. Box 30C3. Call office.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
MILES of pipe* and fittings: all size*. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 109 Vallejo st
MOVING picture film and song slides 109
Montgomery st. t
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
* CO.. 122 Market st. ________
All bargalns;camp stools and e ha 'rs. h arn mockji.
metal beds, mattresses. J.F.Hotter.712 Mission.
Edison phonographs, records; supplies, wovinsj
picture machines, fllms. Baclgalupl. 93o MXt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches,
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 4B Fremont et.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MA NN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters: all
makes. ALKXAXPF.Tt A CO.. 110 Montg y.
MISCELLANEOUS WASTS.
WANTED — To buy a bushellng shop; must b«
a bargain. Box 3324. Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing «n<l
theatrical ronrtV 154 !»th »t. : tel. Jessie C*St.
~ JIOSEY TO LOA\.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHyT
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements: no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests assignments of rents, property in trust.
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
t*rests ln property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal adv&ncea on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 841
Market st: tel. Main 1644 Branch. 13 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters. board!n?-houses. without
security; easy payments; lareest business la
46 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano:no removal;
no commission: no publicity; $25 up: quick.
quiet, confidential. 2& Montgomery st, r. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant aft..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
AT cut rates on real estate, furniture or piano;
no commission. E. W. LICK. 1C03 Mutual
Sav. Bk. bid.. 708 Market; phone Main 81«.
B. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on 'their cote.
The TOUSLET CO 143 Phelan bMg.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HE3THAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
MONEY loaned to salaried employes. O. W.
MILLER, room 74. fifth floor. Chronicle bldg.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month, on each
$1000: any security. 302 Montgomery, room 18.
8% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
V. TREMAIX. room 81. 6 Eddy St.. floor 4.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. 8. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 333 Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money ta
salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav. Bk. bid,
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bid.
MUSICAL ISSTRlMEJiTS.
AMONG OUR BARGAINS ARC:
3 Chlckerlnga ..: $190, flS3. $2.11
1 Fllsher: upright $3.1
1 Jewett; mahogany; new ..._ $18O
1 .Bchaff er; mahogany; new S1S5
2Ub— .erson SISS. |213
2 Ftelnway -$1S3. $213
S Heine $235 to $393
25 squares $13 to $179
7 organs $10 to $73
Rents $2 up allowed on purchase; Install-
ments $4 up; piano players from $90 up;
new pianos from $117 up. HEINE PLVNO)
CO., 23S-237 G«ary »t.. agent* for th* Gab-
ler, Krell. Steiter. etc
A SMALL walnut Emerson upright, absolute!?:
like new. $133. 237 Geary it
STEINWAY upright, left by private party.
-$16C; a great bargain. 237 Geary st.
A FEW good upright pianos from $70 un com-
prising Voee, Sterling, Jacobsen. Schnech-
ten, Sherwood. Weser, Marshall & Wendell.
Hatnes, Everett, Knabe and others; easy
payments. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. lft-20
; O'Farrell. No branches ln San Francisco.
BAUMEISTER stands for all that is good la
piano manufacture; also you can buy It for
a reasonable amount of money. THE ZENO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 7K> Market st All
pianos on easy payments.
G. A. R.' VISITORS— Free Cecilian Ptana
Player concerts daily at BYRON MAT.ZY S.
All are welcome. 3C8 Post st
B<ND Instruments; F. Besson. Parts, maker.
Gus Malwald. Agt Pac Coast. 273 O'Farrell:
skillful repairing; 2d-hand instruments sold.
THE big piano sale at BYRON MAUZY'S Is m
grand chance to purchase a piano cneap.
30S Post at. _______——___——,
UNFORSEEN circumstances cause sacrifice of
first-class 3-pedal upright piano. 353 Golden
Gate ave. '- .
BARGAIN— Standard make upright; good con-
dltlon. SCHMITZ & CO.. lft McAllister st.
Unredeemed storage pianos and furniture dirt
cheap. Whltehead's Storage. 165C Market.
A GRAND rush at BYRON MAUZY'S sale of
pianos* uprights. $50 up; squares. $J0 u;x
308 Post st
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Steinway upright piano;
perfect order: sacrifice. Keeffe'«.2S5 O'Farrell.
BUY direct from the factory and save 50 per
cent. HORNUNO^ 216 McAllister st.
CALL at BYRON MAUZY'S Piano House aai
get prices on pianos which will please you.
30S Post st.
KOHLtR * CHASE. 30 OTarrell St.: largest
anJ oldest piano house.
BEST renting piano In city for $3 per monti.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy planes. Cectlian plan*
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR, violins, xlthers. old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent*— The Weekly Call,,
i« par*«. In wranr»r. for mailing. $1 per year.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELs" building. 027 Market at.—
Offlca to let; rent $15; light, heat. Janitor and
telephone. ASHTON & GARDINER.
SANSOME. 712. near Jackson — Handsome larg>
store to let: rent $25.
PALMISTRY.
MME. DEVAS, scientific palmist an3 astrolo-
glat. Office. 20 Llebes bldg.. i:u> Post st • $1
palm readings; 3 quest iona free; Tue3. eve.
MME. ZILLAII. scientific palmist and card
reader: 25 years' experience; !ata of New
Zealand and Australia. 525A Po»t st.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist 513
Taylor st, near Geary. Phone Black 381.
EDUCATIONAL- — Continued.
LESSONS given In Water Color or OH Paint-
Ing from Nature. CURRIER. 372 Sutter st
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.: day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission. nr. 6th.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Pittman shorthand, typing, bookkpg., $8 mo.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
CHEAPEST and best ln America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pases, sent to any address In the
United Statf* or Canada one vear for $1.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post st: tel. Bush 135—
Japanese-Chinese employment office: fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help. etc.
A — ORPHKUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 420 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A— GRAND Japanene-Chlnese Emp. Office. 415
Stockton: tel. Grant 168; expert.rellable help.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Seung's. 411% O'Farrell; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5183. |
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1097. BRADIiEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
A LA.OY delegate to the encampmmt of G. A.
R. horn New York State desires a situation
as nurse for aji elderly lady or eiderly couple
or housekeeper where servants are kept;
large experience; reliable. Call or address
E. A. KINGSBURY. 1164 O'Farrell st.
TRAINED nurse with knowledge of bookkeep-
ing, speaking French and English, desires
position in physician's office or any light
occupation. MISS G. A. R.. 1250 O'Farrell.
AN American lady Just from Europe, jpeak- j
ing German; desires position as housekeeper
or seamstress In respectable family. Box
1023. Call office.
STRONG young woman would like place as
housekeeper or chambermaid; country pre-
f erred. Call 123 Tenth St.. city.
GERMAN girl would like position to do up-
stairs work. Call 524 Stevenson st.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
A BRANCH office tor Call advertisements and
fubscriptlons has been eatabmtbed at 10»«
Valencia st. _________-_-_—_———
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
MARRIED German florist and gardener wishes
permanent position; either commercial or
private. Box 1022. Call.
SITUATION wanted; a butcher, sober and
steady man. Box 1027. Call office.
AN experienced wine maker and cellar man
wishes porltlon. Please apply 630 Sacramento.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper desires permanent
situation; rapid and accurate- worker; good
references, including present employers; not
afraid of work. Box 808. Call office, Oakland.
A GERMAN, middle-aged and single, wishes a
fltuatlon ln a grocery store and barroom;
first-class references. W. BOHLING, 417
Kearny st.
A REFINED, good natured old gentleman,
eminently respectable, good habits, unln-
cumbered, desires a position as companion.
Box 3338. Call office.
PAINTER, Eastern man, wants work by day
or umall Jobs and contracts taken. Address
painter, 1121 Webtter st.
YOUNG man with experience In office of
wholesale grocery desires situation. Box
3332. Call office.
JAPANESE student wants position as school-
boy In small family; without room; speaks
English. S. K.. 1329 Pine st.
JAPANESE first-class waiter, want* a posi-
tion In family; city or country. FRANK
HIRA. 427 A Stevenson St.
JAPANESE student wants position us school-
boy: speaks English. KONDO. 132V Pine at.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch of*ce. '221 tO Flllmofe.
~ FLATS TO LET.
11OUSE8 and~flats to let; an immense list; ser-
vice absolutely free: take advantage of this
department: it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Oeary
tt. en the square.
I CORNER Noe. and Elizabeth sts. : new. «runny
! flat on corner. 1060 Noe st. ; modern Improve-
ments: convenient to Twenty-fourth and Cas-
tro st. cars; rent reasonable.
HATEs7~C0ft, corner Laguna— Three sunny
100ms and yard: rent reasonable. ¦
BEAVER. 67 — 9-room flat? cheap to a good
tenant: between Noe and Castro sts.
ELEGANT sunny upper corner flat, 6 rooms,
bath. Hattle and Merrltt. west, off Castro.
! TO iet— Flat of four rooms; 1S97 O'FarrelL
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post st
FLATS FOR SALE FURNISHED.
ELEGANT new furniture of 6-room flat: every-,
thing complete. 1130 Golden Gate; no dealers.
FURNITURE WANTED.
A. WOLLPEKT, 773 MUslon. phona Red 4I6-,
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
I HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
WANTED — 4 cooks. $30. $35; 3 housework
Kirls, *:t0; 5 second girls, city and country.
$20, $25; 4 nurseglrls. $25; nurse for home,
$20; kitchen helper, $20; man and wife,
kitchen work, $60, country; . 5 cooks for
ranches, fare paid; 3 lunch waitresses. 75c;
dining-room girl, sanitarium, $25; laundress.
$30; 3 chambermaids and waitresses, country
hotel, $25; housework. San Rafael, $25;
cook 1 lady. $-5; 5 waitresses for city hotels.
$20, ?25; woman with a child, country, $t0; 40
house girls at $20. $25, $:t0. Call to-day. J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st
OUTING ln the country and earning money at
name time; women and girls wanted to cut
fruit; workinc pears and peaches, the most
profitable part of the season; comfortable
workroom; furnished room for two, with use
of kitchen, ln private family. $1 60 per week;
free camping grounds. Further information,
220 Market St.. room 12; come at once to LOS
GATOS CANNERIES. Los Gatos, Cal.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit
and canning; steady work; highest wages.
Apply California Canneries Co.. Brannan
«t, between Third and Fourth.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES. 32% FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; steady
employment; day and piece work; highest
wages. CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO.,
Bryant and Tenth.
PICK HOPS — Excursion to El Robles ranch, on
Russian River, fixed for August 18 only. In-
stead of August 25, as previously advertised;
call Immediately for El Robles tickets; fami-
lies and young people preferred; heavy crops;
excellent pay; beautiful camps; plenty amuse-
ments. E. CLEMENS HORST COMPANY.
122 Battery st.. 8. F.
WANTED — Experienced ribbon saleswoman,
one who understands tying bows; also ex-
perienced embroidery saleswoman to go to
Sacramento; state age, experience and salary
expected. Apply box 1009, Call.
A LADY housekeeper wanted, and care of
children; with seme knowledge of music pre-
ferred, ln a plain cottage ln town in San
Joaquin Valley; salary $.'10 and good home.
Address Box 1021, Call office.
HA1RDRESSING, manicuring, massage, hair
work; removal of superfluous hair taught
from A to Z ln 2 weeks for $10; positions
guaranteed; $10 to $20 per week; school day
and eve. 233 Geary, r. 13; maids prepared.
A — LADIES, learn all branches hairdresslng
trade; manicuring, massage, etc.: 1236 Mar-
ket St., cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
EXPERIENCED GIRLSfON PATENT BUT-
TON MACHINES. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.,
32& FREMONT ST. MR. ; DAVIS,
.a. — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught from start to finish in one
. month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladies, etc., guaranteed at $10 per week up:'
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st, r. 13.
COMPETENT girl for cooking and general
housework; family of four, in Belvedere;
liberal wages. Call 1905 Pacific ave.. from
11 to 2 o'clock Wednesday. August 19.
WANTED — At once a eempctent maid, able to
cut and fit; must be good packer and willing
to travel. Apply 123 Phelan Building, be-
tween 10 and 12. '
A — OPERATORS on ladles' '. underwear- , good
wages. <X>H Mission st., 3d floor. .
A — GIRLS from 14 to 17to sew by hand. ' 656
Mission Et., 3d floor; take elevator.
HELP WASTED— FEMALE Con> . ..
GERMAN girl in home restaurant for plain
cooking and to help on tables at lunch; fair
wages. 1837 Union st. near Octavla.
STENOGRAPHER whoTcan also play piano;
light work; permanent position. Hoover
University of Culture. 1639 Flllmore st.
A— HANDFINISHERS wanted to, V rk il'i/tnr"
tory. (tttt Mission St.. 3d floor; take elevator.
GIRLS wanted; collar rubber! The Electric
Laundry. 63" Folsom st. _____
GIRL for housework. 51 Cumberland st.. bet.
10th and 20th and Guerrero and Dolores sts.
WANTED— Woman for light housework; good
home. Call 382 Fourteenth st.
GOOD skirt hand; apprentice, paid while learn-
Ing. 121 Geary >t _Starr King bldg.. r. o.?ti.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged American two
In family, $15. 371 Minna st.. near Fifth.
PANTS fini»heib wanted by S. N, WOOD &
CO. Apply at 27 Geary st> union wages.
WAITRESS. 1759^_Iisslon st.
GIRL for dressmaking: also an apprentice girl.
2715 Sutter, apartment 6. ,
WANTED— Girls to wo7k in factory. Apply
¦ Trunk Factory. Eighteenth and Folsom Ets.
WANTED— Women Tnd girls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom st.
GIRL for housework. 1053 Market St.. up
stairs. __.
TALENTED amateur performer^ Apply at
Chutes 6 p. m. Wednesday; salary no object.
A LADY of indomitable energy to jnak* money
and a convincing talker. F. PERSON. *iT
and 478 Parrott building.
ITALIAN lady who can speak English wanted
to travel. Apply Girl.' Directory. Central
ave. and Waller st ¦ .
GOOD position for an ambitious woman as
representative for a wholesale house. Box
1015, Call office. —
BODY ironer wanted. United States Laundry.
Sixteenth and Valencia sts.
PANTS flrlshers; also girl with Mine «xperi-
ence ln operating on pants. 245 Seventh at
GIRL. 16 years, to put on fasteners. Carson
Glove Co., 123 Second. < ;
APPRENTICES wanted at millinery. Suite
8. third floor. 131 Post st.
FIRST-CLASS buttonhole makers; also finlsh-
era on vests. 230VJ Ninth, opp. Clementina.
PANTS finishers wanted by S. N. WOOD &
CO. Apply at 27 Geary st. ¦
1 AnT of mod address to represeift high-grade
L m^Iarlne^oo'd pay » Columbian building.
ELDERLY German Catholic woman for house-
wcrk ; 17 per week. 1071 Market st
CLASSIFIED advertisements and » ub ,» cr lPtions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call, ¦
16 pages, ln wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HELP WAXTJBDJ--5L4JLE.
AT C. R. HANBEN & CO.'S Emp. Agency.
429 Bueh st .....642'Clay st.
Hello Grant 185.
Shipping Day To-day for
CHATSWORTH PARK, L. A. CO., CAL.
Machinemen, drillers ,'¦;"*, • \
(Bonus 25c day remain until work is done).
8. P. CO.S OWN WORK, near MLRCED.
30 men, extra gang •• • • • • • ••• $1 l0
WILLITS. MENDOCINO CO.
Laborers .........$- -3
Absolutely Free Fare for All Above.
EL DORADO CO. and BUTTB CO.
Laborers, rockmen. rough carpenters. $2 .5, $3
Special Rate Fare.
fl drillers, tunnel. R hours' work ...... $2 75
f.0 Scandinavian lumber pliers. $«2 found;
bricklayers and concrete men. country. KOini?
wages; 2 camp blacksmiths, country. $..0
found; carrUse maker, country, $J CO day:
20 laborers, quarry. $2 cay; for large brick
vard. burners $45, setters $40. wheelers $J5
found; 6 choremen. $20. $30 found.
Head second dishwasher, country hotel. $1 75
Cook and wife, country hotel $S0
2 all around cooks, $«>, $75; kitchen stewasl.
country hotel. $50: waiter ami wife, country
hotel $50; tt waiters, country hotels. £35.
$45- 6 waiters. R. R. lunch coun.or, t\U: 4
waiters, country hotels. $25. $30: dishwash-
ers, pantrymen, sllvermen. kitchen hands,
city and country, $25. $35: bread bakor.
city, $17 week; barkeeper, resort, $50 found;
bell boji. S.'»v
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. Employment Agents.
420 Bush at '»- Clay, tt.
AV outside salf-sman who und<*r*ti:Hs gro-
ceries and provisions; $100 monin to the
j right man. Apply C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
429 Bush st.
A>? errand boy for this, office. C. R. HAN-
KEN & CO., 429 Bush St.
JANITOR $40; young man for mill. $1 25 to
$1 50 day; laundryman, $40 and found; handy
man for Institution, $30 and found; foreman
for fruit ranch. $40 and found: 2 farmers and
wives. $40 and $50 and found; farmers, $30
nnd $1 25 day and board; fruit pickers, $1 25
day and board; 2 section men for railroad.
$2 day: miners, quarrymen, laborers, wood-
choppers and others at good wages. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. b"28 Sacramento et .
BUTLER. $10 and found; cook and wife, $60;
hotel cooks, J43: restaurant second cook, $60;
barkeeper, $.">0: 2 bakers' helpers, $1 day and
$7 wrck and board; dishwasher, $30 month
and $8 week; waiters and others. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 02S Sacramento st. '
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 20 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Second cook, ?00; dishwasher. $30: vegetable
man. $.'J0; bell boys. $22 50 and $30.
WANTED — Stenographer; young man for posi-
tion ln country town; must be quick, accu-
rate, have some knowledge of bookkeeping,
write good hand; In answering; give expe-
rlence, refs. and sal, required. Box 3340, Call.
BOY 16 to IS years old to attend soda foun-
tain: no experience necessary; must live at
home with parents: boy of German descent
preferred: wages $6 week to begin. Inquire
between 8 and 10 a. m. at 810 Market at.
A GOOD opportunity for a eteady and sober
man with experience, to solicit orders and
take charge of delivery wagon for a whole-
sale liquor house: must furnish references
and bond. Apply Box 1016. Call office.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 .V) per pair: foot-form shoes at $2 50, or
rrthojiedlc fho a, $.1 CO; test shoes on earth. 11
Third St., Exam, bldg., 5 doors from Market.
WANTED — Al traveling salesman to sell me-
chanical rubber Roods and assume estab-
lished trade on first-class line; references re-
quired. Box 1017,' Call.
WANTED— A boy or young man in a cake
shop: wages $20 to $30 If right party. 1048
McAWat^r et.
EXPERIENCED grocery salesman wanted.
Apply superintendent's office. The Empo-
rium. .
WANTED— Dlshwaeher at 506 Howard st. ;
no Sunday work
BOY of~Tfi~ generally useful, wholesale house.
$4 50 per week. Box 1020. Call office.
TINSMITHS wanted; steady work. for good
workmen. 17 Drumm st. ' ;
BO"f wanted at 259 Stevenson st, between
Third and Fourth.
'2 GOOD tinsmiths: those used to some outside
work. M. J. CONWAY, San Mateo.
WANTED— Walter. + pantryman and dish-
washer at MARTIN'S, 15 Third Bt.
APPRENTICE that has worked ln cabinet
shop one yetfr. 61S Third st. >
ASSISTANT waiter wanted: small restaurant;
$15 per mo. and found. 2723 Sutter »t.
FIRST-CLASS tinner wanted. Call Tuesday,
8 a. in. 1832 Union St.. near Octavla.
WANTED— Bootblack in barber shop. 1543
Devlsadero st. . ________
WANTED— A good second-hand bread baker.
911% Larkln st.
GOOD size man of appearance wanted; ref-
erences required. 1185 Market st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 B0 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mall chgs. 11 Third at.. Exam, bid.
$275 BARBER shop, sale $1CO; snap for right
man; retiring. Inquire 1541 Geary st.
FOR SALE— 2-chatr barber shop; rent $12 60;
price $75. Box 1018. Call. '
BARBER shoo for sale. Inquire at Call of-
fice. '
BOYS wanted Immediately to pare fruit with
machine; good wages. California Canneries
Co., 423 Brannan st.
A MAN of indomitable energy and pueh. a good
, talker, eager to make money. F. PERSON.
477 and 488 Parrott building.
BARBER wanted: steady man. 2092 Mission
street. y '¦'.-.' ¦ ' - ¦¦¦¦•¦»
WANTED — Men for light work on fruit. 1731
Folsom st. ..'¦¦'.
WANTED— For the U. 8. Marine Corps, able-
bodied, unmarried men. between 21 and 35;
good character; must speak, read and write
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-war
ln all parts of the world. 'on land in our Isl-
and possessions, and at naval stations ln the
United States. Apply at recruiting office, 40
Ellis st, San Francisco. Cal.; 222tf N. Main
at. Los Angeles, Cal.. and 401 K at., Sacra-
mento, Cal. . •; .
WANTED — Young man who is experienced ln
cloaks and suits to go to" a city not" far
from San Francisco; state age, experience
' and salary expected. ADDly box 1010. Call.
¦a~ rRAjrczsco call.
BUSINESS OFFICE ef the San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
eatil 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— C27 Montgomery street,
eon ier Clay; open until 8:30 p. m.
800 Hayes street; open until 9:30 t>. m.
€33 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
618 Larkln street; open until 9:30 P. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
22C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
tea! 8 p. m.
108 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1086 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky street*; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fill— .ore street; open until 9 p. m.
MEETIXG NOTICES.
ING Aug. IS. at 7 :S0 o'clock. Stated /V\
meeting and 1!. M. decree. By order
of the H. P. FRANKLIN H-^DA^
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30, F. and fi
A M.— Called meeting THIS (Tl'ES-OV
DAY) EVENING at 7:.«» o'« lock.
Third degree. By order of \\ . M.
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
HERMANN Lodge No. 127, F. and A. «S
M — CalleS meeting THIS PA\ W
(TUESDAY). Aug. IS. 1903. at 2:30 /V\
o'clock p. m.. in Masonic Temple, for
the funeral ef our deceased brother. WIL-
LIAM SCHAUMLOEFFEL. By order of ths
TV. M. L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
ORIENTAL Loig* No. 144. F. and A. «
M —Third degree THIS (TUESDAY)
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. /?>
A. S. HUBBARD. Secretary.
EARGENT Lodge No. 368. I. O. O. ___**__«.
F. — Merr.te rs are hereby nctiSed 4*_S»£S^t;
to atter. 5 the funerxl »?r\ ices <,l : S^*$_|5r 1
cur late brother, ROBERT A.
FAMPLE, from our lodgeroom. Market and
Seventh sts.. WEDNESDAY. 1:45 p. m. In-
terment at Cypress Lawn.
. GEO. W. DIXON, Secretary.
MAGNOLIA Lodge No. 29, I. O. O.
F.— Initiation THIS (TL'ESDAY>>2«^
EVENING. Visiting brothers ofHj33g£_j/S»
the G. A. R. especially Invited. "¦*MW^
g. POLACK. Sec. E. R. MOSS. N. G.
6AN FRANCISCO, Aug. 17. 1903— Vet-Xjy^ 1
en ins' National Guard of California : '«S_-S |
An«emble at headquarters at 24 Fourthd-SZ-.
«., TUESDAY. Aug. IS. at S:30 a. m.. tor
jarade with G. A. R. .
EDWARD G. EISEN. Commander.
C. W. RADEBOLD. Adjutant.
THE funeral delegation of ttin a~«» l 7b |v
Riggers' and Ftevedoree-' i mi '_ J Irii »»N
L'nion Association, I^cal c^^iy^Sift^*
__2. commencing with ~r— 'ir* -¦¦¦ j
Manuel Eouza and ending with E. Schnep-
pie will assemble at our hall. 603 Front ;
•t. TO-DAY (TUESDAY). August IS. at ,
10 a m eharp to attend the funeral of our •
lat<? brother. JOHN NEE. By order of
THOMAS F BRYANT. President
HENRY JEND. Rec. Sec.
NOTICE TO THE STOCKHOLDERS OF
THE SECURITY SAVINGS BANK-
Nottce is hereby given, ln pursuance
cf a resolution of the • Board of
Directors of the Security Savings Bank. *
corporation organired and existing under the
ltws cf the State of California, passed and
adepted on Tuesday, the 14th day of July,
19f«. tt a regular meeting of eaid Board, duly
held at Number 222 Montgomery street. In the
<~'ty and County of San Francisco, ln the
fctate cf California, the same being the prin-
<ipal place of business of eaid corporation,
the Security Savings Bank, and at the build-
ing where the Board of Directors of »a:d
corporation usually meet, tiiat a meeting of
the Ftockho'.ders cf said corporation, the
Security Savings Bar.k. Is hereby called for.
•nd will be held at Number 222 Montgomery
f.reet. in said City and County of San Fran-
cieco. the same being the principal place of
business of said corporation, and being at
the building where the Board cf Directors of I
taid cor]>oration usually meet, on Wednesday, I
the 23rd day of September. 19O.«. at the hour
cf three o'clock in the afternoon of said day.
for the purpose of considering, deciding and
cctir.g upon the proposition to Increase the
capital «ock of aald corporation, the Security
Savings Bank, and to increase it to the
smojnt of One Million Dollars. The amount
to which It la proposed to Increase the eaid j
capital etock is One Million Dollars'. By j
order or the Board of Directors. Dated, July ;
14th. 1903. FRED W. RAY.
Secretary cf the Security Savings Back.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders cf
the Pacific Undertakers will be held at 777 ¦
Mission «L. San Francisco, on MONDAY. '•
August 24. 1903, at 8:30 p. m.. for the elec-
tfca of directors for the ensuing year and i
the transaction of such other business as !
may come before the meeting. Transfer j
backs will close on Thursday. Aurust 20.
By order of the board of directors.
M. C. GORHAM. Secretary.
AGKATJ* WASTED.
A'JENTS— A new money-maker. F. PERSON,
477 and 478 Parrott building.
. — • ¦ 1
ATTOR>EVS-AT-LAW. |
ROBT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid.,
rm. 611; all cases, damages, estates.' wills,
attachments, collections, etc.; consultation
free; no advance charges; call or write; even-
Ings by appointment. Tel. Red 3C01.
ADVICE fre* — I will advance co«t ln meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probate and all ether law
cases: no fees ln advance; open every even- I
irg. J. M. THUR8TON. 819 Market st. r. 31.
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty ;qulck,quiet;
no charge without success; established 15 yrs.
G. W. HOWE 1122 Market St.. opp. Hale's.
ADVICE free, all cases. R. C. ADAMS, room
Zlft. third floor. Examiner building.
L 6. CLARK. Emma Epreckels bldg.. 627 Mar.
ket ct.; consultation free; no fees ln advance.
AITKEN & AITKEN. attorneys, rs. 300-10-11
Clunlg bldg.. 6O3 California at.: tel. Main 727.
BIRDS, DOGS, ETC.
YOUNG talking: parroU,$S each;German singing
canaries. $2; we will try to please you;every-
thing ln our line at right prices. 1546 Market.
BUSINESS CHAXCKS.
A— $000; COUNTRY bakery, with chop house,
in Calaveras County; living rooms; no op-
IKttitlon: a splendid chance for baker or cook.
It. O. WILKE. 'M\j Kearny ft.
A—9SO0; SALOON, with 10 furnished roorr.r;
place surrounded by breweries and mnlt-
ikjufcs; rent ?40; a go<rl business, but dis-
agreement cf tnree partners Is cauv. of salt-
\*uf-t. Call R. O. WILKE. -6«j Kearny Et.
A— J1255; CORNER iraloon In wholesale dis-
trict; estab. many years and known he a
Lopcnr. noP! g!^^glLJ? A Jh?^-S : ? > "'-
100 ROOMS: house for men; rent $140. . . .$*000
68 rooms; south of Market: rent $100. 2000
24 rooms: ccrner: part ca«h : bal easy. 850
11 rooms; rood income; rent $20 850
21 rocms: water front: rent $40; lease. bJ)
1M roorai; good lease; low rent.. .. 6600
C.7 rm*. : ap*rtments;Western Add; rent. -30
Money loaned at 1 per cent
Hotels, rcadhouses. fiats. 8 to 100 rooms.
E1TEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st
$650— ELEGANT colonial flat of R r. and b.:
beautifully furn.: all new nnd ud to date:
coFt over $1000: piano cost $350 atone; must
sell. Petersen & Larsen, 1035 Market, rm. 1.
A BARGAIN this week: forced sale; 04 room?:
Market st central: all rented: fit?t floor of-
fices, clear'ine $175; only $2400; easy terms.
PETERSEN & LARSEN. 1035 Market, in. 1.
J75O— g ROOMS nicely furnished; K'^od loca-
tion. MOSSMAN. 850 Market St.
jojVio CO ROOMS; rent $125; clears over $100;
"snap. MOSSMAN. S5t> Market ft
25-ROOM house: north of Market; five min-
utes from Kearnv and Market: all newly
furnished; oj>en plumbing; pas and elec.nc
light; baths; three years' leas-: direct cars
to f«rry. Cliff House and park: sudd?n dea.h
in family caus? of pale; no agents. Box
3371. Call. —
NEWLY furnished house of 15 rocms; owner
leaving city. f.iC, Taylor ft.
A WEEK'S news for ft cents— The Weekly Call.
lfi pacen. in wr;tPt»er. for mslllnr. %l per year.
SPIRITUALISM.
MME YOUNG' P convincing spirit messages
to-night. 10c: readings dally. 619 McAllister.
KATIE HEUSSMAN, circle Friday evening.
25c: sittings. 1000 Harrison St.. cor. Sixth.
MRS J. J. WHITNEY, trance clairvoyant,
business medium and life reader. 416 Turk.
W G. KEEGAN holds a test meeting to-night,
iOc: fittings. 10 to 12 and 1 to 5.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, reading* dally.
9:30 to 4; eeances Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYAXTS.
A— CALL AT ONCE AND SAVE $2.
My Regular $3 Reading This Week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 ?1 *1
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The Flrn Re*l?tered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make you no'charge If I fall to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for; I promise
to tell you whether husband, wife ur sweet- I
heart Is* true or false; to tell whom and when
you will marry; In fact. I will tell you every
hope fear or ambition better than you can tell
yourself. He restore* lost affections, reunites
the jieparated. causes speedy and happy mar-
riages, makes you successful and prosperous.
cures disease and lost vitality without medi-
cine locates hidden treasures: hours 10 a. m. to
8 p. m. ; Sunday* 2 to S. 320 OFarrell st. 32tf.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st. next Examiner
bldg ; ehe reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; if you are in trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied ln life, or have do-
mestic love or business troubles, consult this
great "medium and you will be told how to
overcome them; valuable advice ln all aSalri
of life: C5c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
Ings by mail. Tel. Black 4569.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist permanently located at 1104 Market
Ft., cor. Turk; private readings dally. 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m. : readings by mal! as satisfac-
tory as ln person; 3 questions answered. $1;
full life. $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth; don't tend currency. Stnd postofflce,
WWl*-Fargo mccey order cr registered letter.
X MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reade-. born with a double veil and sec-
end eight; tells the p-st present and future;
ladies. BOc; gents. |1; by carCs, palmistry
and clalrvoyan; sitting: $t 60. 128 Turk it
Mrs. A H. Kronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant
card reader, will give a gcoi reading. 10c. for
a short time only; when others fall try me to
convince yourself. 402 Frankl'.n. near Grove.
A — Mm*. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 4th «st . near Mnr<et
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader: ladies
25c; gents 5Oe; readings daily. 132 Sixth st.
MRS EBERHARDT test meeting. 8 p. m.
sharp. 10c. 3250 22d Bt.; readings dally.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c;
gents. 50c. !'51 Mission st. nr. 6th; open Sun.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader ln city, j
2t;v« Keamy. room 20; ladies 25c. gents 5Oc.
MME. l.E FERN, professional card reading.
1(1) Fifth tt.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant cani reader: »lt-
tln— « dally. 44FH Jessie St.. bet. 8th and gth.
CAUPET-DBAT1XG AXD CLEA.MNG.
AIR compressed, dry ice cold. Is now univer-
naily u/ed ln sanitarily cleaning carpets, on j
floor without removal or Injury: prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call big.; phone Main 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
Bend for EPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-357 Tehsma et- ; tel. South 40.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen.
proprietor. 329 Guerrero st.. tel. Mission 49.
TRY HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating:
mattresses made over. 1432 Howard ;South 216
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st: |
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props. |
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison at. ; tel.MI»»ton 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
DUNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE. 50 Geary — All
ailments of the feet cured; corns, bunlong.etc.
COLLECTION' OFFICES.
ADVICK tree; bad tenants ejected speedily. CO-
LUMBIAN LAW AGCY.. r. 85, Dltf Market;
tel. Red 618; collections; gen'l law business.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10: tel. 5580.
DR~LtJDLUM HILL, 1443 Market. nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plate* made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting. BOc; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 50; fillings. 50c;
plates. $5:full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st. 1
nrrt-ruiFt paying business. See R. G.
WILKE. 2C'a Kearny «t.
A— $•;_.•.; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon on
Third Et.; rent $30; average dally receipt?.
tlS; a bargain. K. G. WILKE. 2>iV, Kearny.
THE bett business ln the Mission; stationary
rtore. near 7 echools, for what it will Invoice
for; $.'i5o for a business at 3f«l Army st
D. COFFIN & CO.. SS03 Mission st.
JSW-rARTNER; tend to , hipping goods; do
ecme collecting; $100 month guaranteed Par-
tic-ulare C20 Bryant st.
FDR any kind of bus!ne5K. city or country ret
cur lift. MOSSMAX, 850 Market si
Hultdrewing parlors; cheap; value in eighf
jroodjocation; retiring. 1153 Market Bt.
6TEADY, reliable minis office assistant-
ix-rmanent rlace; S«o month guaranteed- *"»<K>
c ** h ""3"' red - >"07^ Market, nr. ,6th. r* 1.
$2000-0001) eaioon on Kearay st; owner go-
ing to Europe. Hox 3361. Call office.
A bak «>: ftlKacy; all Ftori trade- $25 a day
rrtce $1*00; no agents. 715 McAllTster /t'
RESTAURANT: seaUng 62: snap; no Su"_dli-
work; oegarture. W« Fourth «t! ouaa *J r
ri i^ r " CL w SS £j_ kery for Ml « ln country town.
Andrew box S05. Call office. Oakland.
OUTMDE route No. 4 thJ, paper for sale.
Jpqulre hardware store. 19th and Folsom sts.
i^i^S^SlHPJii 12 s POR SALE.
ATTENTION. G.— A.— R?t "
H. C. DECKER.
LINCOLN POST NO. 1-Dept. Cal. & Nevada.
!*>« MARKET. COR. STOCKTON-
PHONE JOHN 531.
H.adfjuarters for Real Estate. Roomlng-
Houees. Hotels, New Apartment Houses
Flats and Private Homes.
Having been In this business for more
than twenty-seven years. I am in a position
to Mil you m. place at Its actual value
MONEY LOANED ON ANY HOUSE Til
I I /f£. G ,V^ RANTEED - EEE FOLLOWING
14 rooms. • xchange for larger house. $500
17 rooms. 9 rooms furnished; enap 600
R rooms, Leavenworth «t., reduced to!! NX)
Xi rooms, choice location. Oakland " 3T0
12 roome. Geary st.. choice transient.' 400
42 rooms, sunny corner; rent '$100 3200
•TO rooms, sunny bay-window corner.!.'! 2S00
26 rooms. Mission and 6th ets.; snap.... jj»oo
12 rooms. Taylor st.; transient only.... 700
«O rooms. Market rt. ; offices, permanent. 8500
12 rooms, part houses, long lease 2000
e H rooms, cost $1500; a beauty; reduced 750
15 rooms newly furnUhed. long lease.. 1200
H. -C DECKER. 906 Market tt.. cor. Stockton.
S3C5 WILL buy 12-room boarding-house; Urge
yard; tsunny all tfte day; bargain. 41S L_r-
• kin st.
a£00 ONLY— J2 rooms; new furniture; rent
ctocap; mutt leave city. 768 Due- tt, rear.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 35c; crow'hs. $2; no
pain; opcrr»Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Set teeth. $1 50 up: crowns. $2 up; filllngs,25c.
10 PER CENT off this month: estimates free.
New York Dentist-. Ufa Mission rt.. cor. 6th.
OKESS.MAKERS «fc SEA31STKES5»iiS.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, aunburs t & knife plaiting. Stew-
art'« button &. buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
OYXIXTa A~T» <~_~_— iTZTG.
EEA bieezes sweeten all garments, blanket!,
lace curtain*, etc.. done by the Presidio
Heights Dye Works. 3915 Sacramento: phone
for wacon. West 453. H. HICKMAN. pres.
EPt;CAT . I .?. J ' A .JV. ~
X^CALD\VELlT College of Oratory. Acting,
Opera and Authorship; largest in the West;
14 teachers; positions guaranteed; fall term
begins Sept. 7; day 4 evening class: beautiful
new catalogue free. 1295 Market, cor. Ninth.
EAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236 Mar-
ket; modern, progressive, practical; estab-
lished 15 years. Gregg shorthand, fastest
easiest, most readable. Actual business
bookkeeping: typewriter at home free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post, 8.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
Ian— jages, telegraphy. Kflgllsh branches;
day and night sessions; illus. catalogue free.
AYRES, the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket et. ; special summer course in all depart-
ments: handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
chip, $50; day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkln st.
"A thorough school"; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; individual In-
struction. Write for illustrated catalogue.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electricity,24 Post
st. S. F. : a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
THE Berlitz School of Languages has removed
to 1000 Van Ness ave.; rates reduced during
summer. Send for catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. min., mech., *ur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est 1864. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
! SYSTEM, discipline and results: the Golden
Gate Commercial College, Van Ness and
I Golden Gate a ves..S.F.; fills every requiremnt
I DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday and
|. Sunday evenings at Teutonla Hall. Hcward
«t., near. Ninth: management Prof. Foster.
PIANO and German; pupil of Leipsic Conser-
\-atory; lessons 75c and $1. 348 Golden Gate.
AT Klngsiand Art Shop— Drawing, painting
and burnt work. 1184 HalKht at., near Lyon.
KENT Law School, day and night; assures ad-
mission to the bar. "554' Parrott building.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION...... Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine sU... Night class
HELP WASTED— MALE — Con;
3 experienced factory butchers, across bay.
| $3 day.
3 helpers, slaughter-house work, fare $1. $<>«
and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
WHERE ARE THEY?
85 LUMBER TRUSTS AND SYNDICATES.
LOCATED IN FOUR STATES.
MANAGERS HERE. TWO TERRITORIES.
FREE— FARE— FREE.
995 laborers, no experience wanted. $35 to
$70 and found.
186 experienced mill and yard men. $40 to
$150 and found.
S83 woodsmen, $40 to $150 and found.
38t> woodchoppera. tiem akers. shingle, post,
picket and box bolt makers, tools and pro-
visions found.
BIG L MURRAY & READY.
TRUSTS. 634-630 Clay st.
NEW RAILROAD WORK.
155 Italians. FREE FARE.
155 Greeks. FREE FARE.
155 Austrians. FREE FARE.
Board yourselves; managers at our office;
see them.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
LOOK LOOK. LOOK.
65 ITALIANS-SPANIARDS $35 and fd.
55 AUSTRIANS-MEXICANS. 35 and fd.
55 GREEKS-PORTUGUESE, $35 and fd.
For a large American lumber trust, located
north. Humboldt: any laborer can do it In
the w"oods. You'll suit. General manager at
our office; see him.
FREE FARE. LOOK. FREE FARE.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
PICK HOPS — Excursion to El Robles ranch, on
Russian River, fixed for August 18 only, in-
stead of August 25, as previously advertised;
call Immediately for El Robles tickets; fami-
lies and young peopls preferred; heavy crops;
excellent pay: beautiful camps; plenty amuse-
ments E. CLEMENS HORST COMPANY.
122 Battery st.. S. F.
WANTED — Bright young man of good address,
between 17 and 19 years of age. to learn the
dry goods business. Apply between 9 and
11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mall chgs. 11 Third St., Exam, bid.
WANTED— Stock boy from 15 to 17 years of
age. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS'.
WANTED — By a large tailoring establishment,
a first-class cutter of experience, ability and
p'easing personality; must have good char-
acter and habtts; the position affords a good
salary; this Is a splendid opportunity for the
right kind of a man. Address box 3340. Call.
WANTED— Educated young man to learn our
business and take responsible position when
qualified; $900 per year; first-class reference*
required. Stoddard Lectures. 210 Examiner
building.
WANTED — Laborer* and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third st; 250 rooms; 25c per night.
FOR $1500 will sell the best paying barber shop
and baths ln city: lease. S. GORDON, 916
Market St.. room 18.
WANTED — First-class pressman on ' platen
presses. FORD. SMITH 3c LITTLE CO..
Los Angeles.
WANTED — Rough carpenters and laborers.
Apply room 14, 26 Montgomery st., San
Francisco Construction Company.
GOOD strong boy wanted. United States Laun-
dry, Sixteenth and Valencia sts.
UNDER Dressers wanted on vests. 8. N.
WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary St.
EXPERIENCED layer-off; steady. CARSON
GLOVE CO.. 123 Second st.
COATMAKER for country. REISS BROS. *
CO.. 24 8'atUr st
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition in S. F.
Barber School. 741A Howard st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes.
50c up; soling cheap. 923 Howard st. nr. 5th.
PENSION atty. E. A. Butlis. room 40. Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. C63 Mission st.. 'jet. 1st anJ 2d sts.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 25c
to 5Oc. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HOTELS AND BOABDIKO-HOUSES.
"THE PRINCETON."
(EUROPEAN FLAN.)
Superbly furnished and the only high-grade
residence hotel ln the city which is operated
on the European plan. Located at No. 71t>
JONES ST.. bet. SUTTER and POST STS..
and reached by three street car lines. One
hundred rooms, mostly arranged en suite,
with bath. Electric lights, steam heat, long
distance telephone in every suite: btlliard
and smoking rooms and a maRnlflcent xrlll
room. Rates are very reasonable.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
ON account of going to build, entire stock of
wagona. buggies and harness must be Fold at
sacrifice. Corner 15th and Valencia sta.
8 GOOD horses for sale cheap. 327 Sixth st.
GOOD horse for sale, $45. 2001 San Bruno
ave.
3 SHETLAND ponies, harness and carts In-
cluded, for $125 each. 15O4 Folsom st.
ONE fine buggy, fruit wagon, cart, -'d-hand:
new laundry wagon, cheap. 828 Harrison st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and gocart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
i to let." BALDWIN & HOWELL. 23 Post st.
HOUSES TO LET FURBISHED.
A WELL furnished house, piano, 8 rooms; very
sunny; fine location; 1375 Masonic ave. Apply
MADISON A- BURKE. 30 Montgomery st
I HOUSES WAITED.
WANTED — An elegantly furnished house ln
Western Addition for family of three; no
childten; references given; willing to pay
first-class rent. Address R. S. D.. box 43.
San Rafael.
LOST AXD FOl'AD.
LOST — Monday, on Hayes, between Polk and
Franklin, one pair of diamond earrings, a
diamond stud and a breastpin in thape of
clover leaf; were all tied in a handkerchief.
Liberal reward at 103 Polk st.
LOST— Wallet containing two return tickets
to Eathan. S. D.. $50 draft favor C. F.
DRAKE, and other articles. Liberal reward
if returned to South Dakota Headquarters.
Palace Hotel.
LOST — Pockctbook containing currency, draft.
notes and railroad tickets; will give $25 re-
' ward fv-r book, notes and draft. Leave book
and l.otice at Call office. James Buchanan.
REWARD for return of dress suit case marked
J. A. K., left at corner Page and Buchanan
sta. Return to ' Dramatic Review office. 2(J
Geary at.
LOST— Sunday, on Sutter st car or 3:30 boat
Berkeley, a pansy enameled pin; pearl cen-
ter; $5 reward. Box 1019. Call office.
LOST — Thursday, pair rimless glasses, gold
mounted; reward. 460 McAllister «t.
LOST — Diamond shirtstud, valued a* keepsake.
Return to office Royal House: reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case- Co.. 220 Sutter st. needs old
gold and rtlTtr to make n«~ watch ram.
~~ LOFTS TO LET.
LOFT to lease — 656 Mission St.. NW. comer
of Annie; light loft of 4000 square feet; pas-
senger and freight elevator service: will lease
for a term; rent reasonable. SHAINWALD
BUCKBEE & CO.. 218-220 Montgomery >t.
Mills building.
-___—- ~~~
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's syringe
and tablets; price, $2 50. By express only on
receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTHERS
wholesale druggists. Seventh and Broadway'
Oakland. •
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints; instant relief guaranteed: 30
years' experience. 728 Post at., near Jones.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
ln trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped; the most difficult cases treat-
ed; advlca free. Office.. 1018 Market st
MR8. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for aU fe-
male- troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008% Market St.. opp. 6th.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
Drs Goodwin, 733 Turk/ nr. Van Ness— Expert
ln obstetrics, female comp.;25 yrs.experlence.
A maternity villa; private: secluded- conflden-
tlal. Dr. E. Funke. 1416 Eighth st. Alameda.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market st.
DR. ROSEN • moved to 2905 Folsom st. cor.
26th; relief $10; ladles* exclusive office.
DR. NO TOY KEE. 319 Powell at. opposite
Union ; square; all diseases cured by herbs.DOMESTIC PORTS.
TATOOSH — Passed In Aug 17— Br «hlp Lau
rlston, from Hamburg, for Tacoma.'
MENDOCINO— Sailed Aug 17— Stmr News
boy, for San Francisco.
ABERDEEN— Arrived Aug 17— Stmr New
burg, ¦ hence - Ang 13.
Sailed Au$\ "— Stmr Centralla, for.- San
Francisco.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
SAILED.
Monday, August 17.
Stmr Rarnona, Eagles. Seattle.
i John E. Lamb (heir at law of James Lamb)
to M; A. - Koepig (wife of C. J.), lot on E
corner of Seventeenth avenue and East Four
teenth street. SE 75 by NE 140. lots 1 to 3
block 19. San Antonio. East Oakland; 110
Rudolph and Marie Men (wife) to Ollnto
and Josephine Landuccl. lot on N line of
Blackstone street 142:5 E of Baker. E 50 bv
N 100. lots 77 and 78. map plat 5 and portion
plat B. Dohr Tract. Berkeley; $10 *™ r " on
A. F..Hass (single) to J. 9. Myers, lots 23
to 30 Snter- Tract. Brooklyn/Townshlp- $io
Roblna Low (wife of James B.) to W F
and Morgrlt Randall, lots 4 to 6. block F Daly
Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10
F. W or Frederick W. and Gertrude D
Van Sicklen (wife) to J. F Henry lot on E
line of Fruitvale avenue, 150 S »f Pleasant
street. S 50 by E 181:6. lot 6, block Deor
rected map subdivision block* D ahd E Cham
plon Tract. Frultvale. Brooklyn. Township- *lo
Sarah E. Dplbier (wife of F D.) to Geonre
W. A.' Blethcn. lot on SE corner of Caroline
and Louisa streets. S 50 by B 100. lot 177 on
2 plats established map Enclnal ' Park Ala
meda; gift. -
Dureasso E. Goodman to William Crane
Spencer, lot on N line of Haskell street 175
E of San Pablo avenue • E 25, N" 121 30 W
25. S 121.25, lot 8. block 1. subdivision of' blocks
£ and D,, Carrlaon Tract, Berkeley; $40..
Jens C. and Cecilia Jensen (wife) to Henry
T. Bower, lot on N line of Kent street 22a 4"
E of Stanford avenue. E 45 N 100 "lot 14
block Q. amended map of Newbury Tract lii
plat 51. Rancho V. and D. Peratta, Berkeley
$10. . '
A man usually •makes a virtue of th©
means Jie uses to conceal his faults.
w »-»~.-r-j- t t . ¦'¦.¦vrt".",T.-l"i"n"i-i- Q
Axeredo (wife) and Jennie E and M. L
Schlueter to John and Vltoria Sezario (wife)
lot on S\V Una of East Seventeenth ctreet 175
SE of Thirteenth avenue. SE 25 by SW* 100
block 00, Clinton. East Oakland- $10 '
OAKLAND, Ausr. 17,-Henry Gaffke and
MelJnda F. BIgelow, 65 and 60 years of
age, respectively, were married here to
day. They came to Oakland from San
Francisco, where both have relatives
whose advice as to their wedding they
wished to avoid. They will make their
home at 12 Langton place, San Francisco.
A*ged Couple Marry.
OAKLAND, Aug. 17.— A petition has
been forwarded to Postal Inspector R. R.
Munro of San Francisco by Postmaster
T.-T. Dargie of this city asking that at
least ten more carriers be allowed to the
local department. The document is
signed by many of the leading firms of
the city, and calls attention to the fact
that the population 6f Oakland hag in
creased from 66,960 in 1900 to 82,185 in 1902.
Petition for More Carriers.
OAKLAND. Aug. 17.— Twelve gradu
ates of the Frultvale Grammar School
have been unable to secure admission to
the Oakland High School and unless they
can enter the Alameda, Berkeley or Hay
wards high schools, they may be forced
to abandon the high school course.. The
Oakland High School is at present crowd
ed to its utmost capacity and it was found
impossible to accommodate the twelve
graduates from Fruitvale.
Ftuitvale Students Shut Out.
OAKLAND, Aug. 17.— Governor George
C. Pardee and his. family have ar
rived In Oakland after an outing In Big
Basin. They will remain here for two or
three weeks while the Governor's resi
dence In Sacramento is being refurnished.
Miss Madeline, the Governor's daughter,
who suffered a dislocation of her shoul
der while in Big Basin, is improving
rapidly. The dislocation was reduced at
once, and was followed by no serious re
sults.
Chief Executive of State Intends to
Remain in Home City Sev
eral Weeks.
GOVERNOR PARDEE AND
FAMILY IN OAKLAND
Georgo Schomer (owner) with Henry A Far
ry (contractor and architect— All work for a
three-story frame building on 8 line of Six
teenth street, 75 W of Sanchez. 25 by 53:6;
?3S30.
Conrado and Kate Selpp (owner) with
Brutcher & Serna (contractors), plans by own
er — All work for alterations and additions to
make a two-story frame building on S line
of Greenwich street. 1U3 W of Stockton W
25 by S 100; $3005. '
Elizabeth M. J. Packer (owner) with John
Wikman (contractor), architect . All
work for a three-story frame building (fiats)
on N line of O'Farrell street, 123 \V of Scott,
W 27:0 by N 13T: 6;. $10,350.
Alameda County.
H. M. Smith to Elmer C. Smith, undivided
half interest in lot S line of Eighteenth street.
100 E of Grove, S 88. U0, N W ii&, N U6.Hl, lot
30, Map Johnson tract, Oakland; $2500. • <
George and Carrie R. Sterling (his wife) to
Realty Syndicate (corporation), lot on S line
of Forty-second street, 150 E of West, E 60 by
S 137:7*6 lot 15, and portion of lots 14 and lo,
block 2089. Paradise Dial. Oakland; also lot
on S line of Forty-third street. 190 W of Grove,
"VV 50 by. S. 200, lots 23. 24, 41 and 42, block
2002, same subject to all liens now of . record,
Oakland; $10. «£.f4*V
- Same to same, lot on SE corner of San Pablo
and Wallace avenues (Forty- fifth street), E 175
by S 75, lot 5 and N % of lot 4. Coggeshall
tract, E of San Pablo avenue, Oakland; $10.
J. M. Henry (femme eole) to same, lot on
W - line of Telegraph avenue, 50 N of Garfield
tract, N 25 by W 100, lot 34. Drexler tract,
Oakland; $10. . .' ¦ ;
Same to same, and Oakland Township, S
acres, beginning at Intersection of lot on N
line leased of one Coggeshall with lot on W line
of San Pablo road, thence along line said land
SW 15.88 chains, NW 3.2S chains. NE 18.51
chains, SE .'{.lit chains, portion plat 4*>, Map
Ro V and D Peralta, Oakland and Emeryville.
Oakland; $10.
W. S. and Elmlra L. Williams (his wife) to
Blanche Whltehead, wife of Rupert, lot on
NE corner of Telegraph and Weston avenues,
N 50, E ISO. S 47. W ¦ 130.37. portion lot 1.
block A, Map Resubdlvlsion Weston tract, Oak
land; sift.
F. W. or Frederick W. and Gertrude D. '
Van Sicklen to Cyrus J. Howard, lot on W
line of Champion street. 150 H of Pleasant, S
50 by W1S1.50, lot 4. block D, corrected map
subdivision blocks D and E. Champion tract,
Frultvllle. Brooklyn Township; $10.
J. E. 'and. Mrs. Maria R. F. O. Booth to
Manuel A. Nevas, lots 3 and 4, block 08,. map
town of Nlles. Washington Township; $10.
Sarah J. Lane (widow) to Charles W. Keel,
lot on 8 line of Sixty-first street, 103.42 W of
Telegraph avenue. W 51.08. S 100, E 25, N 100
lot 9 and portion lots 5 to 8, block C. map re-
BUbdtvislons blocks A to F, map 3 Roberts &
Wolfskin Tract. Oakland; $10.
R. D. and Ida B. Winters (wife) to James
E. Holllday (single). , lot on W line of Brown
street. 190:5 8 of Benton or Sixtieth. W 107
by S 30, being N 30 feet of lot 39. map re
subdivision block , A, Brumagln Tract, Oak
land: $10. •¦¦
Matilda M. and George H. Ewart to Charles
F. Gulllck. lot on S line of Sycamore street,
.133 E of Grove. E 35 by S 100. portion lot 28,
block L map blocks O. P and L. Kelsey Tract,
Oakland; $10.
Charles W. Richardson (widower) to Frank
J and Mary E. Carroll (wife), lot on W line
of >3rove street. 130 S of Russell. S 40 by.
W 122 lot 22 block 10. map subdivision block
10, Central Park Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Cella Marks (widow) to Charles A. Bailey,
lot en W line of Third street. 111:0 N of Bris
tol S 11:9. W 108, N 13 inches, to beginning,
being fractional lot 9. block 72. map Tract B,
Berkeley Land and Town Improvement Asso
ciation; also lot on W line of Fourth street,
145:10^ N of Bristol. S 45:10%. W 123, N
33:3% E 123. being fractional lot 9. block 73.
same 'map; also lot on S- line of University
avenue 75 E of Fourth street. E 25 by S 100,
being E % of lot 2. block , 94, same, Berke
ley $10 ,
John C. and Mary E. McMullen (wife) to
same, lot on N line of Delaware street, 100
W of Franklin, W 171:3, N 271, E 271:3. S
I 135:6. W 100. S 135:6, portion of block 7. Cur
tl» Tract. Berkeley: $10. ;
Leo C. Williams to D. Lambert, all Interest,
being undivided one-half Interest, in lot 101.
map of Regent Street Homestead Association,
Berkeley; $10.
Letitla Acheson (widow) to Dora E. Clark
(widow), lot on 8 lln« of University avenue,
275:0 E of Shattuck avenue, E 50 by S 138:2%.
lot -13 E 5 feet of lot 14 and W 20 feet Of lot
12, Terminal Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Ruth R. Taylor (Armstrong) to Julia S. San.
born, lot ' on N line of Bancroft way, 100
E of Telegraph, a venue, E 00 by N 120. Map
Hlliegabs Tract, N of Bancroft way,. Berke
ley; $10. ' '
Isabella A. Taylor to Edward K.
Taylor (widower), lot on- W line of Mound
street, 20 S of Calhoun, projected In right line
W across Mound street, thence 8 along W
line of Mound street 844, etc., W 209:1, N
848, E 209:1; also all interest in all marsh and
overflowed lands lying between the sides of
the land above ; described projected in right
line of S and extending from above described
to deep water channel of San Francisco - Bay,
which said channel extends from San Leandro
Bay; $10.
Margaret Kelly (widower) to William Kel
ly,'lot 53, Elmhurst Park, Brooklyn Township:
clft. ' : ¦ .
George and Carrie R. Sterling (wife) to
Realty Syndicate ¦ (corporation), lot at Inter
section of E line of Telegraph avenue with N
line- of property conveyed to St. Joseph's Home
for Deaf Mutes (a corporation), 749" D 166. said
portion being NW corner property described in
said conveyance, thence NE 20. E 140. S 20.
W 140, portion plat 12. map Ranchos V. and
D. Peralta, Oakland; $10.
Same to same, lots 34, 35, 54, 65, ' 78 and 70,
Drexler . Tract, Oakland; $10. .
Same to same, lot on N line of Thirty-ninth
street, 263:8 E of West, E 133:8 by N 100, Oak
land;. $10. '
Charles R. and Etta C. Allen (wife) to Ellen
Smith (widow), lot on N line of Park or
Thirty-fifth street.* 477 :C Eof San Pablo ave
nue. E 25 by N 112. lot 12, map No; 2. Mitch
ell Tract, Oakland; $10. "¦•; ¦ . *
•William W, Lydla G.. James W. and Flor
ence K. Fogg to Mary C. Fogg (single), i undi
vided ope-half interest" In lot beginning on
S ¦ boundary line of lot 3, block D, Peralta
Heights, on N line of Athol avenue, 50 E from
SW coiner of. said lot, thence ! N 142 to point
In N line of said lot 39.44 E from NW corner
of - said « lot. I E to . NE corner." thereof," S to N
line of Athol , avenue, W 40 to beginning the
said lot 3, in block D. as per map of Feral ta
Heights, East Oakland ; $400. *
--'H. J.:'Knowle8f to". Femand" and Henrietta
Meunier, lots . 17 and 18, . block P, map ~ of
Knowles & Potter Tract, East Oakland; $700.
An tone J. and Maria F. or Maria Franceses
Builders' Contracts.
REAL ESTATE TBANSACTIONS.
A strenuous fight is being made against
allowing the- notorious place to open
again, and every means is being taken to
block the passage of vne resolution.
The question of whether a woman could
be considered a legal signer was referred
to the District Attorney, while a survey
has to be made to settle which are the
nearest ten residents. In, order that this
may be done, the question went over for
another week. 'Yi-,'v
.When the matter was brought up before
the board thia morning it was asserted
that among the signers was a woman and
that Schnarr did not have the necessary
six out of the nearest ten residents.
OAKLAND, Aug. 17.— The Inspecting of
the names of signers on the petition of
Fred C. Schnarr for a liquor license for
the old Hermitage at Frultvale before
the Board of Supervisors progresses with
utmost deliberation.
Matter of Granting Petition of Fred
Schnarr Postponed for An
other Week.
STII/L FIGHT LICENSE
OF THE OLD HEBMITAGE
OAKLAND, Aug. 17.-FIve hundred
dollars was voted to-day by the Board
of Supervisors for the purpose of.adver
tising Alameda County at the coming
State fair at Sacramento. The money
will be used to amplify the exhibit now
maintained under the direction of Pro
fessor Hilgard at the State University.
To Advertise County.
Lancaster's Will Proved.
OAKLAND, Aug. 17.-The will of the
late A. V. Lancaster was admitted to
probate by Judge Hall fo-day. The es
tate, consisting of property estimated to>
be worth $23,000, is left to his widow and
two sons, C. J. Lancaster and E. M. Lan
caster. Lancaster was an old resfdent
of Alameda.
CHIHUAHUA. Mexico. Aug. 17.'— A sen
sational duel was fought here yesterday.
Joseph Searcy, an American traveling
man for Ketelsen & Degetau, killed Lieu
tenant Chalos J. Estrada, aid to General
Bravo of the Mexican army.
Estrada found Searcy at a bull fight and
invited him to fight a duel. They hired
a coach together, and, without seconds,
drove to the vacant country, where they
fought with pistols. Three shots were ex
changed. Estrada was shot through the
head. Searcy gave himself up. 4 ''.-',, I
There, are conflicting stories of the causa
of the tragedy, but the most common ver
sion is that it was about a Mexican bella
to whom both had been paying marked
attention. - - ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Theirecord card is as follows:. Norman
F. Hunter, Oxford-Out, 5, 4, A, A, 3. B» 4,
4, 2— 35; in, 3, 4, 3, 5, 4. 5, 4. 4,4—36; total, 71.
Harvard champion. Chandler Egan, and
Norman F. Hunter, the Californlan, fur
nished the . most exciting match of the
contest. Five hundred enthusiasts who
watched the play saw Hunter total 71 for
the most difficult golf course In America,
breaking all records for competition and
practice made by . amateurs and j profes
sionals. Hunter won his match- handily
by 4 up, going out in 33 and. coming home
in 36: but Egan was not disgraced, for
he totaled 76, which is one better than
his- former record and only one .stroke
worse than the record of 75 made yes
terday by.C. H. G. Ellis of Oxford, and
equaled early to-day by,H. W. Lautheart
of Cambridge. Not even British Cham
pion Harry. Vardon, who made the Chi
cago course In 74, played such remark
able-golf as Norman Hunter, who ts a
product of. North Berwick, Scotland, and
who was followed by the largest group
of professionals from hi.s native land that
ever watched an amateur, event.
CHICAGO, Aug. 17.— Captain J. L>.
Lowe's visiting team of Oxford and Cam
bridge English golfers to-day won the
honors in the international golf- contests
in the West, defeating C. H. Boy's all-
Western team on the links of the Chi
cago Golf Club In the scheduled four-ball
contest and winning the. team competi
tion by the score of 8 to 3. In the latter
event National Amateur Champion Louis
N. James, Western amateur champion;
Walter E. Egan and Veteran B. F. Cum
mins were the only American golfers who
succeeded in defeating their British riv
als. *
Three Shots Are Exchanged
and Ballet Pierces Of
ficer's Head. •
Defeat the All- Westerners in
the. International
Contest.
Meets a Mexican Lieu
tenant on Field of
. Honor.
Oxford and Cambridge
Players Take Honors
at Chicago.
AMERICAN SLAYS
FOE IN A DUEL
ENGLISH TEAM
WINS AT GOLF
THE SAN CALL, TUESDAY. AUGUST 18, 1903.
15
r! ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
, K 1
«_ j ALAMEDA REAL. ESTATE.
f y \ Tu^T^W^ATToTr^R^liio^KiNGnFoX^"
- J A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
». ! Surrounded by flowers and fruit trees; near
e- I train and schools; only (2S50; lot 75x123.
vc I
«¦- ( Nice S-room cottage and bath
y. I
~ ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
,. Tel. Orand 14C1. 1500 Pnrk St.. Alameda.
jjjliERKELEr ADVERTISEMENTS
• BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
r. CHENEY & BERRY.
•• f 2000— HOUSE of 6 rooms: lot 45x100; street
¦7 work complete; house nearly new; cost
?: J25OO; will take lot in part payment.
L.
t. 52OOO — 6 rooms and bath; lot C0xl20; street
~. work Uone; modern plumbing; 1 block
'' from proposed car line.
• $400 — Lots half block from Grove-st. car line.
$3500 — 7-room house; barn; large lot; on street
T car line; exceptional easy terms to re-
Fponslble party.
- $1530 caph — 5-room house, near College ave.;
f lot 4t'xl20.
40 lots — 1 block from car line; 4 blocks from
- high school; $400 to $H00 each; fine villa
• pites: from 1 to 3 acres each; fine v|ew
B of San Francisco Bay. and adjoining . the
_ university crcunds.
a CHENEY & BERRY,
P. O. Block. Berkeley.
AN opportunity seldom met with; I have a
t new 2-story 7-room house, 4 bedrooms,
equipped with all modern conveniences, gas, j
electric lights, etc.. on an Improved street,
• I only 2 blocks from the station, which I will |
sell to a reliable party on the following
terms: $100 cash and the balance in month-
~f\ ly installments; whole price $3500.
10 JOSErH J. MASON. Real Estate.
Cor. Shattuck ave. and Center. Berkeley.
I 1507 PRINCE et.. rear Santa Fe R. R.— Large
I P-rt-om hodse; high basement; stable, cow
- barn. 7 houses for chickens: lot 160x135;
I- I street work complete; call and inspect.
LEVI J. MORAN.
2131 ShaUuck ave., Berkeley.
- 1 $4000 — 3 ACRES on Dwight way. .East.Berke-
• j ley; elegant location; fine.
" j LEVI J. MORAN,
2131 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley.
~ FINE, r.ew i handsome cottages; up to" date; all
conveniences; close to cars; large lcits;'$1550
: to $1600; enly $200 cash. balan:e $10 CO per
, r.-.rr.lh.
W. C MORAN. Lorln station, or '
• C. C. EMSLIE.. Aihby rtatlan.
- FOR RENT— House of fi rooms and bath; near
\ U. C. and Head Seminary.
; JOS. J. MASON. Real • Estate.
' Corner Shattuck ave. and Center st.
NEW. modern house 10 rooms, near university,
for sale or to rent; $30. Inquire 1911 Addlson
I et.. Berkeley.
: OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
; OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
¦ OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
- $150 CASH. $10 monthly — New Queen Anne
IS -story cottage, 5 rooms and bath; 3 fin»
lots. 75x100; all fenced; rich sandy loam soil;
' immense Ehade trees, oak, laurel and pine;
1 running firing water; a lovely home; near
; cars and line school; no fogs or winds: ad-
Joining East Oakland; price In all $1200;
nothing like it for the money in California;
• call or «end for circular. 455 Seventh «t.,
opp. Broadway station. Oakland; carriage
free. II. Z. JONES, Owner.
» HOUSE 6 rooms, etc.; modern; 857 37th st.,
r near Syndicate bank and station; a private
• loan at your own terms of payment. Address
Bullrer. 031 60th st., Oakland. Cal.
BEFORE moving- get my printed list of houses
to let. GEORGE W. AUSTIN. 1002 Broad-
way.
. ALEX. MURDOCK, Chronicle bldg., San Fran-
. Cisco, for Oakland. Berkeley or rura' homes.
OAKLAXD FLU.MTIHE FOR SALK.
TO-MORROW rhc day for banratns tn farnl-
ture. H. Schellhaas. 11th st. cor. store.Oaklnd
RCJOMS^POR^IIOUSEKEEPIXG.
CAPP. C34. near Twenty-first — Furnished house,
keepirg rooms; very desirable .
FIFTH, 348 — Suite of rooms, furnished for
housekeeping; complete.
FOLSOM, 754. near Third— Large sunny
front room; folding bed. gaa. grate, water
handy; another room for housekeeping.
FOLSOM, fCO— 2 or 3 furnished rocma, for
housekeeping; also others; rent reasonable.
FOURTH. 223 — Nice housekeeping room.
HERBERT (The) — Sunny apartments for
housekeeping; gas ranges; Just newly fur-
nished. HjXO Polk st.
JESSIE, 333 — Sunny front room, ' furnished
housekpg, $12; -other room $10; gas ranges.
KEARNY. 104—3 unfurnished or partly fur-
nished rootta; newly papered; no children.
MCALLISTER, C21— Large front bay-window
room, kitchen adjoining; newly furnished,
complete for housekeeping; private family;
reasonable.
LINDEN ave.. 3S2— 2 or 3 nice sunny rooms
for housekeeping; cheap. • >¦
STOCKTON. 1206— Model house: nicely fur-
nished ;$5-$12: front; phone, gas. bath, sunny.
TURK. S10 — Nicely furnished, sunny house-
keeping rooms, single or en suite; reasonable.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3720. near Dolores— 3 sunny
bay-window rooms; s»e,- neat, complete.
UNION, 1844 — 3 or 3 sunny front rooms for
light housekeeping; gas range, water.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has bt»n established at 1096
Valencia st.
AJPAKTMEITTS TO LET.
"EL MONTEKKY." the city's newest apart-
ment hotel, located on the north side of
Pine et.. between Hyde and Leaven worth; a
tuperb brick building of Spanish architec-
ture; all the comforts of housekeeping com-
bined with the conveniences of hotel life; for
$30 per month you can secure here an unfur-
nished S-room apartment, consisting of large
living-room with gas grate and mantel, bed-
room with bay-window and closet; kitchen
equipped with gas range, built-in china
duet and hot and cold water; bathroom
with toilet and porcelain tub (hot and cold
water); this price also Includes Janitor s«r-
vlce r.itht and day and night and day ele-
vator service; only ten minutes' walk from
Powell and Market; see these aparticents
to-day. .. m » . ¦
BEAUTIFUL Haddcn Hall, 951 Eddy St., bet.
Franklin and Gough: a few high-grade fur-
nishod and unfurnished apartments now to
be had: 4 rooms «and bath; kitchens unusual-
ly large and have gas ranges; telephone In
each apartment: gas and electric light; steam
and gas heat; watchman on duty all night;
fleva'or service day and night: ref. required.
'IIOOM.S TO LIJT rum. and I'nfurn.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $a per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT 'The Almonte." 873 Marke*. st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.) — Rooms, 23c, 60c, $1, $1 60 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
ANTLERS. 415- Turk st. — Strictly modern; 4-5
room apartments; fur, or unfur. for hskpg.
BUCHANAN. 1533— Sunny furnished rooms"
one has a double, the other two single beds-
take Geary-st. car.
BL'KNETT, 14^ti Market — (old No. 1364) Fur-
nlshed rooms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunr.y rooms; prices reasonable.
FILLMORE, 1720— Large sunny furnished
room for 1 or 2 gentlemen; bath.
FOLSOM, 523 — Large front parlor; bath, gas-
private family; no children;
FOLSOM. 754. near Third— Large sunny front
room, suitable for two; twp>B>ma rooms.
CILLESPIE House. lift Ninth sT— Nicely fur-
nished rooms. 50c to $1 per day; phone; quiet.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 50o
to $1 60 night; $2 to $6 week; reading-room.
HAYES. 857— Elegant newly furnished parlors
and bedrooms; bath; phone.
HOTEL GRAYSTONE
66 Geary st. ; phone Bus>. 880.
Centrally located fireproof hotel; elegantly
furnished mites, with baths and singles.
JESSIE. 353— Nicely furnished front room-
grate, gas. phone; $7: gentlemen.
LARK1N. «l'.»Vi — Large sunny front room; 2
or 4 gentlemen; 75c per night.
MISSION. £022 — Sunny furnished rooms. ;
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms end
offices; elevator; dec. lights; day, week, mo.
PERSONALS.
A GUAPHOPUOXE free with two dozen rec-
ords. Make your friend* a present. Talking
tr.achine* and record* or all makes ex-
•-canjted. We are manufacturing h»adquar-
t«f> *nd our guarantee meant- tomtthing.
COLUMBIA PHONOGRAPH CO.. V2S Geary
*t.. S. F.. and 4C3 Thirteenth st.. Oakland.
A - f 'A<lAL 15LUM1SHES BEHOVED.
»>rlr.k:es. yellow and flabby tkln. birthmarks,
i^.allpox plttlngs and Fcart *cienilficalljr re-
Oioved without cutting. massasE. electricity or
:¦¦•» dicinet; sprcial demonstrations this wrek.
Call <r write PH. L. WILLIAMS. 371 Geary.
PACK msstage a Fpecialty. 40c; mar.:eure. 25c:
, t!:an-.poo. etc., 40c; at .your home; ladles and
*;«r.Uemen ; I give btrft retCreseei; Brs*-«t*s*
vvik. MR. MELCESCO. l'0;» Elils gt-
'- JiE *tiir Hair lUmedy restores gray hair im-
t ion* its irrouih.etops ful'.lngicurw <Jsn3run
»r.d :tch:nK acalp: no *tain or etickines*;
¦ ..•.!¦'¦>¦ #oalp.al (Jruggiyts". hairdre^ers :»c-
• •*;¦•'. no mbnltutf.. Star Rerr.eJyCo..3S5<Ie-ary.
.1'flTiTTT Mil men wiih fralp diseases: less
cf hair and baldnes* prevented <can trtat by
trail blank for stamp): consultation .ree:
t:30 u> a Sucdeys I'J to 12. Prof. Gtu . A-
GASXJOW. SyeclaltTl. room 21*. »i'7 Market.
.n.-T bow t !i«ai but Ik w r^-i. a- I** «' o , U0 ° r
the manufacture cf the Kap'd 1{otar /
Ptanfiard the «wir.K-niaohine of lo-oay. J.
W. EVANS, agent. H^21 Market st. (
niVhlClA.N, 15 y«are- «M~' iencr - cur ",, p ":
ir.anently imj-plr.ne. cocaine hab.t. can or
faddrtst Central I'harn-acy. C51 i.rant ave..
gentleman, :*. oeni. wifhfs 'toVewrj-
¦pond with a r.iro yocnir woman; object, mat-
rtroony. liox :~iZ:>, Call ofgoe^
UAKCXNO Tuesday. Thunvia>. £ a: ,y rJ , 11 * *.r2
PuniSay even:ngs at T.utonta Hall Howard
n.. near Ninth: management Prcf. Foster.
AT left than CO*, uncalled for fulU overcoats
p.r.A trout*-!*, at CHARLES LYONS'. Londoa
• Tailor. 721 Market ct. . p
vTlK hithfft prfca l<ald for ladles' or sent*'
Vait-"« cirthirig and all trtlcles of value at
UPXBggQ'g. 1HA K'.!!« et.
I V(!a\T suit* tri eafy insta!!mer.ts: W) cents I
ard up p^r week. LBON LKMOS. 1127 Mar- ,
k-T et.. h»t»fen fpvcwli ar.d Eighth^
VOTICB to milkmen — For sale at the Pianf j
Farm Da'.ry <"".. 514-510 Octavia st., 200
pallors of rr.'.lk.
BANGHART & WETER.
Collectors.
No. 1170 Market Ftreer Room 37. j
ANITA MIA MAl'P — 1-1 ease «"n<3 me your ad- ,
dress to BM Market ft. CHARLIE. !
HITS to order on installments, fl per we»k.
Neuhau* & Co.. roerch.ta»or?.727-72'J Market. !
ALL Ft>;es hairdre**in(t. 25<~: hair B<»ds: niani- ]
curing 2.V-. r, I.rnnr.En. 123 Ftockton *t. j
TAILOP.-MADE BUtt t" i>": dr<-ss pants $2 f-b I
M:f=fit Clcthing Tarlcr. ccr. Bu?h an.1 D'jpor.t
J-l'PKRFLVOrs hair and melee r»moverl by
electric needle. Dr.&Mrg Travcrw.lKOMarker.
MAPQfKHAl)n roftunifi. piay books, wlge,
rrur.tr>- ord»n>. OCI.r>PTEIN & CO.. '** Mkt.
ALKREDI'M-S Eeyptian Henna restores rray
hair to Its natural color: fl; at all drugclsts'.
tuperfluous hair and nr>» removed with e'.ec-
tr^c rje»(f1e Vry K- V'f? Kat.-»n. 111H Putter.
PAPEItHANGIVG. PAI\TIXG. ETC.
ROOMS pap*re-J. $3 W up: tintir.ft. palntlr.g.
Hurtmann Pairt (>., 310 3d yt.: tel. Main 413
rHVSlCIAXS AXD SIRGBOXS.
ijR. C. C O DONSELL — Office and residence.
Z'Xl 1^ Jlnrket n. b«t. Sixih and Seventh.
IiLOOl». tk:n a;:d rectal diseases a. tyecialty.
DR_ BALL. 1073^ Market st.
REMOVED— DB. WONG HIM, herb doctor;
treats eil d:s.-ase» of the human body; for
pa«-t four >cats at 1^-117 Mason; now lo-
cared at 6CT Geary »t.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG TO CHV. euceeesor to Dr. LI Po
Tai, herb doctor; cures all diseases cf human
Ly t:je cf herbs ar.d teas. 72" Washington bU
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dis-
nfp« rur^i bv rMn>f» riorbf. 74C-«8 Clay »t
_* T%1»C WRITERS AXD SCPPLIES.
GEEAT BARGAINS IN TTPEWRITERS— W«
fell better machines fcr less money than :-ny
htuse in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
txchanee. C3tJ California, -telephone Main 264.
A FEV." g/>od typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
ecmery »t-
2D-BA1CO typewriters eold, rented, repaired.
W^bster'Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 2(>9 Sar.some.
REAL, ESTATE— CITV—FOn SALE.
NEW WAREHOUSE
TO LEASE.
EPEAR ST.. NEAR HOWARD.
2000 SQUARE FEET.
THOMAS MAGEE & E0N3.
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
—__
BrTTER THAN ANY BANK.
fKK.«> dfwn and $00 per month for new Cats
r.eir Twenty-ninth and Mission Etreeti.
fSOO down and $20 per month will buy you .
cottajre. 5 rooms and bath; up to date.
D. COFFIN 6i CO., 33<)3 Mission street.
FOR eale — House H rms.; high basement; sunny
fide 19th." bet. Valencia and Mission; no reas.
cfT«>r refused. Stephen* & Co.. Union-eq. Mkt.
WANTED — An offer on a house of S rooms
and bath: let 15x120. Call at SW. cor. Hixth !
ar.d Mission sts., Lercser Bros." cigar etcre.
FOR eale — $-1f»00; modern 6-room house In beet .
portion of M;ss!cn. f.uC Hill et., near Castro. •
f25OO— 2 LOTS; 50x123; 2 frontaireB; 17th St.;
etc. for Income city property. Box 3367. Call.
2 NEW f.ats. 5 and 8 rooms; a good buy. ]
• Beaver st.. between Noe and Castro.
INVESTMENTS— $1400 up, paying 10 to 15 per J
T.t. THORNE & CO.. 207 Montgomery st.
HEAL ESTATE Conntry For Sale. '
ron sale.
Orchard and poultry farm; 49 acres; Scnozsa
County; 40 miles frcm San Francisco.
20«K> full-bearing frul*. tree*; this year's crop I
a; iroximateiy 20.600 lbs cherries. 4000 lbs
• raw-ford peaches. CTjOO lbs Bartlett pears, 6000 -
lbc plums. 4W0 boxec apples, 3 acres asparagus.
1300 bena, 7 pens fancy fowls, horses. Jersey
ccw* and heifers.
Large l»m. fruit houses, chicken hoase^, 5
t.roodert. incubators, wagons, harness, farming
tr.a orchard outfit complete and modern.
Dwelling house 11 roomF; fine ehade groves, 7,
Jawr.s and earden; abutvlart water.
ThU year's net Income $4<*jG; distant resi-
dence of owner compels eale.
L E. THOMPSON. 4C2 Parrott Bldg.. S. F.
FOR SALE— TOKAY GRAPE LAND.
; This flaming Tokay grape land ran be pur-
chased in 10-acre tracts, in Whltaker & Ray
Colony, Oalt.. Sacramento Co., Cal.. $400 a
tract. % down: the Tokay strap* ripen* In this
locality 4 *«:kf earlier than In any other part
of the Ftate. Orapea tmrn this locality can be
-¦ • r. in the window* at C4S Market et.. 11 ilont-
K'-nirry *i. and at the Sacramento County «x-
nifclt. firry building.
QUIGGLE, 11 Montgomery *t., care Wood-
ward & Co.. hours '.» to 10 a. m. and 12 to 1 and
4 to 5 P- m., or address box 15, Gait. Sacra-
mento County. Cal. -
FOR Bale— 20 acres. 3 mile* from town and"
railroad station; 12 acres bearing vineyard.
5 acres bench-grafted resistant vine*; house
barn and well; Income laFt year $1400; a
good crop; I hor»e and all tools go; price
$4S50 Ilex 111. Sebastopcl. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards. !
vineyard?: lnepected baixaJns; monthly cat*- t,
lcgue «»-nt free. C If. WOOSTER CO.. «4S
Market st. '
f:0.00(>-— 40 ACRES good healthy vineyard near
Livermore FILAF C. WRIGHT. Llvermoro.
> WEEK'S new* for 5 cents — The Weekly Call. '
W v*r*^. in nmvTi+T. for Tnalllnr. $1 per year
POIXT IMCII3IO3VD REAL. ESTATE. i
WATER front lots and bargains; all tract*; :
mapF. phoujn. etc. HELL. 417 Parrott bldg. '
HEAL, ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
, «_ ]
HEAL ce-tate to exchange; free printed list.
Pacific Coaft Ex. Bureau. R50 Market st.
iu;al estate waxted.
WANTED — To lease (furnished) a good paying
f • 4k and erain ranch for a term of yearm, ~
with the pnvilc-ge of buying. Box 1036, Call. *
SPECIALISTS. i
CATARRH, D^AFNEEFandNOISES In EARS -
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat- c
rr.i»r,t free. I>r. Cottinpham. 204 Gutter St.
- C
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
/-EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.: furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725- -
731 Howard et.. near Third; phone Grant 18L
J'JERCE-ItODOLPH Storage tc Moving Co.. of-
fic* post and Powell sts.; tel. . Priy. . Ex. B7L
• I 'NKLIN'6 storage— Furniture and merchan- j
<i:se. 333 C^jlden Gate a\e. ; phone Fait 120.
GOLDEN West Ptoraee; ad\-ance* made; 8J0 L
Mjtf.ion St.; tel. Howard 841. F. W. Zehfua-s.
* ACIFIC Storaee and Furniture Moving Com-
Pany. 2220 Fillmore et.; phone Jackron 2S1. M
Btklics Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery O
•*•; UL Main 1S4U. Shipping tt cut raws.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
POST. 1064 — New and elegantly furnished
" rooms. In suites or single; gas, electric lights
and hct bath; something fine. . - '
2 SUTTER. 506— Three beautiful new furnished
rooms and bath.
k.. SW. CORNER Sixth and Howard— 200 rooms
at 15c. 25c and 60c per night: from SI, $2.
tr $4 a week; open all night.
TURK, 1218— Sunny front room, convenient to
town; all night car line.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy st.. near Market
— »00 tingle and family rooms; 35c to $1 ;
m night; $1 75 to $6 week; elevator; electric
~ £ lights: reading-room: free bus and baggage.
Z WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market—
} Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
8Sc to $1 60 nlpht: ?2 to $8 week: elevator;
elec. lights: reading-room; free bus; baggage.
~ CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch ofnce.2200 Flllmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
it jutjfcrlptlons has been established at 1098
11 Vp)«ricla *t. -
t ItOOMS AXD BOARD.
"THE PRINCKTON/'ji"^
(EUROPEAN PLAN.)
>. Superbly furnished and the only high-grade
residence hotel in the city which is operated
t on the European plan. Located at No. 710
JONES ST.. bet. SUTTER and POST STS.,
and reached by three street car lines. One
hundred rooms. • mostly arranged en suite •
; with bath. Electric lights, steam heat, long
distance telephone in every suite; billiard
and smoking rooms and a magnificent grill
a room. Rates are very reasonable. .,
v AMOV. THE 901 DEVISADERO ST.
e ' Strictly first-class family hotel; sunny rooms,
suite or single; hllllards ; steam heat
OLD Stevenson Mansion, opp. Grace Church
with annex. 807 California St.— Attractive ln-
terlor: exceptional table; free billiard-room.
a - — ¦
'' GOOD room and board at 323 First st
i | HOQ3IS AXD BOARD WANTED.
. KY young lady employed during the day with,
in fifteen minutes* walk from Powell and
Market: terms not, to exceed $30 per month;
iffenncfs If required: Box 3347. Call office.
- SPECIAL NOTICES.
' DOCTORS and nurses — Candidates for chief
" surgeon and for chief nurse at the French
• Hospital are called. Address to the office of
the French Mutual Benevolent Society, 316A
Pust st. on or before »i o'clock Wednesday
August IP. 1903. V. CARPET. Secretary. '
* i Ladies! Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are best; safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4c
stamps • for particulars. ••Relief for Ladles."
in letter by return malL Ask your druggist.
Chlchpyter Chfmlcal Co.. Philadelphia. Pa.
feTLTTEUlXG AXP'sTAMMEHIxa.
MELBOURNE System School. Van Ness and
Market: positive cure for all. Don't delay.
I'HOFOSALiS. ~~
PROPOSALS — Bids wanted. Notice is hereby
given that sealed proposals will be received
by the board of directors of the Veterans'
Home of California, at lta office, room 13, 8^0
Sansome st.. San Francisco, up to 12 o'clock
m. on Saturday, August 20, 1003, for furnish-
ing and delivering the materials and furnish-
ings for the new hospital. at the Veterans'
Home. Napa County. Cal. (railroad station
Yountville.) Specifications for above may be
seen and examined at the office of the board
of directors between the hours of 0 a. m. and
5 p. tn. each week day. Money for payment
en contracts will be available Immediately
after January 1. 15104. Preference will be
given to goods manufactured In this State
price, fitness and quality being equal, under
the provisions of Section 3247 of the Political
Code. The board reserves the right to reject
any or all bids and to order any quantity
over or under the amount specified. Address
JOHN F. SHEEHAN. Secretary of the Board
cf Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, room IS. .120 Sansome et, San Fran-
cisco, Cal. By order of th* board of directors.
JOHN F. SHEEHAN. Secretary.
OFFICE of C. Q. M., Vancouver Barracks,
Wash.. July 22. 1903 — Sealed proposals, in
triplicate, will be received here until 11 a.
m., August 21, 1903, and then opened for the
construction at Vancouver Barracks, Wash.,
of 1 double barrack. 1 guardhouse, 2 gun-
cheds and 2 workshops. For full Information,
plans and specifications apply to this office.
U. S. reserves the right to reject or accept
any or all proposals or any part thereof. En-
velopes containing proposals should be mark-
ed. "Proposals for construction of buildings
at Vancouver Barracks, Wash.," and address-
"d F. H. Hathaway. C. Q. M.
SEALED proposals for furnishing armor for
naval vessels will be received at the Navy
Department until 12 o'clock noon Thursday.
October 1. 1903, when they will be publicly
opened. Forms of proposals and all neces-
sary Information may be obtained from the
Chief of the Bureau of Ordnance, Navy De-
partment. Washington, D v C. CHAS. H.
DARLING. Acting Secretary of the Navy.
August 3, 1903. ¦
MABRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage license* ¦were issued
yesterday :
Charles O. Chaee, 34, city, and Ida M.
Smith. 24, Vallejo.
Andrew J. Murray. 29, 120 Lundies Lane,
and Mary Farrell, 27, 2311 Jackson street.
Jame* E. Scull, 33, 1702 Sacramento street,
and Josephine Cash, 33, city.
Edward Kerr, E'J, Oakland, and Mariah Ber-
nard. 45. Oakland.
John Purvis. 32. 1055B Howard street, and
Jessie R. Petrle. 20, 610}* Natoma street.
Marion Carr, 34, city, and Agnus Sheridan,
33. city.
Charles M. Worley. 43, Visalla, and Kate
Swartz, 35, Vlsalla.
Charles Bustillos, 30, Bakersfleld, and Cor-
inne Pierce, 20, city.
Charles A. Monroe, 25, 19.14 Post street, and
Alma A. Smith, 21, 103 Congress street.
Thomas T. Hammerschlag. 21, 175 Shipley
street, and Millie A. Krenz, 22. 227 Sixth st.
John A. Ysunza, 45, West Berkeley;' and
Teresa Alvlso, 20, San Jose.
Henry A. Green. 35. Iron Mountain, and '
Alice G. Llnderberg, 21, Bourbon place.
George C. Little, 23, city, and Margaret G.
Curran, 19. city.
Arthur White, 27, city, and Annie S. Thomas,
2C. city. ,
Samuel M. Moore, 25, city, and Ethel V.
Isbelle, 20. San Jose.
Alfred P. KantfTs, 2J>. Tonopah, and Susie
L. Yoacham. 20, Tonopah.
Robert Cock, 21. 181 2 A Post street, and
Mamie Flanagan. 22, 1S12A Post street
Albert J. Rice, 45, city, and Sybil F. Bag-
nail, 27, city.
W. Archie Straub, 24. 39S6 Twenty-third
street, and Lenna I. Scott, 22, 39S6 Twenty-
third street.
Jung Hing Yuen, 48, Fresno, and Ng Yau
Kwal. K. 020 Sacramento street.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS, j
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and bo
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
MATTHIES — In Alameda, August 16, 1903, to j
the wife of George E. Matthles. a daughter.
MABEIED. ~~™
GREEN — LINDEBERG — In this city. Aumist
17. 1903, by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander. pas- *
tor of the First English Lutheran Church
Henry A. Green of Iron Mountain. Shasta
County. Cal., and Alice Geraidlne Llnde-
berg of San Francisco.
- IED i
Assion, Joseph Judge. Kate G
Darnes, James Kelly. Charles E.
Brunlg, Robert B. Lowney, Jeromlah
Brunn. Hans P. McConnell, Agnes
Clough, Z. M. P. Masterson, Geo II
Crew, Molina Mayon, Jaraea R.
Cullinane, Lawrence Nee, John
Dornbierer, Aline Page, Hugo E
Dray. Nancy J. Penco, Giovanni
Dunn. John Piercy, Edith M
Fors. Peter C. Rauber. Jennie R.
Greenwood, Catherine Relch*etter. Gottlieb
Haley. John Reute?.\ Henrlette M. F
t!"^ AI '£ and TT r t Salomon. Herman
Heydenaber. H Jr. Rample. Robert A.
Hlckey. Julia M. Stewart. Isabella M
Hudson. James Van Allen. Mrs. L.
Joost, Anna C. Walsh, Emma E.
ASSION — In this city, August 17. 1903 Jo-
eeph Asslon, dearly beloved brother of Mrs T
M. Fehrenbach, Mrs. E. Hernster of Santa
Barbara and the late Mrs. K. Wlese a na-
tive of Germany, aged 82 years 5 'months
and 1 day.
BARNES — In the City and County Hospital
August 17. 1903. James Barnes, a native or
England, aged 38 years. lve or
BRUNIG— In this city, August 17. 1903 Rob-
ert B. Brunlg. dearly beloved son of Louis
and Rebecca Brunlg. beloved brother of An
drey M. Brunig. and grandson of Mrs Mar-
garet Morris and Mr. and Mrs. L. Bruniir
a native of San Francisco, aged 7 years i
months and 27 days. " ™ years 7 P
ETFriends and acquaintances are 'resnert.
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents, 1722 Twelfth avenue
south, between N and P street*, south South
San -Francisco. Interment Cypress Lawn E
Cemetery. . F
BRUNN— In this city, August 17, 1903, Hans
P. Brunn. dearly beloved husband of Anna
Brunn, and devoted father of Anita and
Peter Brunn, a native of North Schleawlc v
Germany, aged C3 years and 14 days. ~
CLOUGH— In this city. August 15. l'J03 Z M —
P. Clough, beloved- .husband of Lucy e°- m
Clough, and father of WlllUm. J. P.. George
1 A. and Alton H. Clough. Mrs. F. P Cook
Mrs. R. F. George. Mrs. E. S. Deardorff'
Mrs. A. A. Powell and the late Frank M*.
Clough. a native of Alabama, aged 70 yea's
S months and 25 days, .
OCEAN TRAVEL.
• • - .
J y<yr~7>^. Steamers leave San Fraa-
/rv^®V Cisco as follows:
/£%_ _ n;_\ For KetchikaD, Juneau,
/flY^ISJO^i V*l Halnes, fckagway. etc.. Alas-
I I YcX$2l I I ka— 11 a. m.. Ausrust 4, 9.
\ V VwSiQa/ / 14. 19, 24. 29. Sept. 3.
\(9\ \\ "¦ Vo/ Change to company's sttram-
VJiivJ'^^y ¦ era at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver,
*— """^ Port Townsend, Seattla. Ta-
coma, Everett, Whatcom — 11 a. m.. August 4,
9. 14. 19. 24. 29. Sept. 3. Change at Seattl*
to this company's steamers for Alaska and. O.
N. Ry. ; at Seattle for Tacoma ta N. P. ft jr. ;
at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka cHumboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:30
p. m.. August 2. 8. 14^20, 23, Sept. 1; Corona,
1:30 p. m.. August 5. 11. 17. 23, 2fr. Sept 4.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Aogelei and
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California, Thurstays, n a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and Ease
San Pedro), Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harfonl
(San Luis Oblspo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay, $> a- m., August 5. 13. 21, 23,
Sept. e.
. Bonita, 9 a- m.. Aug. 17. 23. Sept. 2.
For Ensenada, Magrdalena Bay. San Jos» det
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz, Santa Ro-
salia, Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. 7th of eacb
month.
For further information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing dates. .-i, •
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel), 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C D. DUNANN, General Passenger Agent.
i-f"'-. 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O- /?. & N. CO.
"Columbia" sails Aug. 21. 31. "George. VT.
Elder" calls Aug. 10. 20. Only steamship Una
to PORTLAND, OR., and short rail line from
Portland to all points East. Through tickets
to all points, all rait or steamship and rail at
LOWEST RATES. Steamer tickets Ineluda
berth and mealK Steamer sails foot of Spear
st. at 11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. A»t. Pass.
Dept.. 1 Montgomery »t.: C. CLIFFORD. Gen.
Agt. Frt. Dept.. 3 Montgomery st
. __
. AMERICAN LINE.
• NEW TOUR-SOUTHAMPTON— LONDON.
New York. Aug.28.10 am (St. Louis.Sept. 0, 10 am
Phila ...Sept. 2. 10 am'NewYork.Sep.16.10 ana
ATLANTIC TRANSPORT L**t.
SEW VOTtTv— LONDON DIItKCT.
MInneps.Aug.29/ 10 amjMesaba.. Sept. 12 '9 am
Minnehaha. Sept. 5.4 pm!MIn't'nka.Sept. 19, 4 pm
Only First Cfass Passengers Carried.
UUMiNlOU LIKE.
. BOSTON— O.UKENSTOWN— LlVEftPOOL. .
Commonwealth. Aug. 27 Commonwealth. Sept. 24
New England... Sept. 3 New England... Oct. 1
Mayflower ....Sept. 10 Mayflower .....:Oct.'8
Montreal — Liverpool— Short sea passage
Kensington ...Aug. 20]Southwark Sept. 12
Dominion .....Sect. 5. Canada ..Sept. 2S
:, Boston Mediterranean wrect
AZORES— GIBKALTAK— NAPLES— GENOA.
Vancouver Sat. Aug. 29. Oct. 10. Nov. 21
Cambroman Sat. Sept. lf>. Oct. 31. Dec 12
HOLLAND-AMERICA LINE.
NEW YORK-ROTTEKDAM, VIA BOULOGNE.
Sailing Wednesday at 10 a. m.
Noordam ....%Auar. 26iPotsdam ......Sept. 9
Rotterdam'. Sept. 2!statenriam ....Sept. 18
RED STAR LINE.
rtw; Y^nw— Antwerp-Paris.
Kroon'ld.Aug.29, 10 anvFlnland.Sept. li 10 ara
Zealand.. Sept. 5. 10 amIVaderld.9ept. 19. 10 ant
WHITE STAR LINE.
NEW YORK— QUEENSTOW.V— L1VEBPOOL.
Sailing Wednesdays and Fridays.
Victorian. Aug. 25, 7 am [Teutonic. .Sept. 2. 12 in
Oceanic. .Aug. 2Q, 8 am Arabic Sept. 4, 4 pna
Cymric. Ati*. 28, 9:30 amiArmenlan.Scpt 8, 7 am
C. D. TAYLOR, Passenger Agent. Pacific Coast,
21 Post St.. San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
'¦",' •:'-/ (ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. • m.. for YOKOHAMA,
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlogo).
Nagasaki and ' Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
cargo received on board on day of sailing,
S. S AMERICA MARU
Wednesday. August 2«. 1303
S. S. HONGKOXO MARU (calling at Ma-
nila) Saturday. September 19. 1903
S. S. NIPPON MARU *
Thursday. October 13. 1903
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduc«4
rates. For freight and passage, apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street, corner First
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
ftamburg-Jtmerican.
FOR PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURG. HAaiBURO.
Twia-Sersw Exprtss aai Pasuartr iUrrie*,
P. Elgismund ..Aug. 15'Patricla ......Aug 29
Bluecher Aug. 20, Moltke ..; Sept 3
Pennsylvania ..Aug. 22 Pa la t! a Sept. 5
A Victoria Aug. 27 F. Bismarck.. Sept 10
HAXBDKa-AXEBICAN LISS, 31 B'w» 7 . X. Y.
HERZOG A CO.. 401 California st. Cen. Agts.
eccaBic$.$.co.s^g
S. S. S1EKRA. tor Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydn«y. Thursday. Aug. 27. 2 p. m.
8. 8.' ALAMEDA, for. Honolulu. Sept. 3, 11 a.m.
S. S. MAR1PO9A. for Tahiti. Sept 20, 11 a. m.
. Frdcbt.8iau.329 Karbt SL.flsr b. 7. Paa& ft
COMPAGNIE GEKSBALE TKAX3ATLA2ITIQTO.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. m^.^.
Sailing every Thursday Instead of «Jjf frt^
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. <fceay5£3
North River, foot of Morton street
First-class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond-class to Havre.' $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI A CO.. Pacific Coest
Agents, b Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Ticket* sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Hare Island and Vallejo Steamers.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO —
0:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sunday.
Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Lea vo -Vallejo.
7 a. m., 12:3Q noon, 8 p. m.. ex. Sunday. . Bun-
day. 7 a. m.. 4:13 p. m. Fare, 50 cent*. T«L
Main 1508. Pier 2. Mission-at dock. HATCH
BP.OS.
i. E7"rhe funeral will . take place to-day
- (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late rest-
id dence, ¦ 443 Fillmore street. Friends are re-
t s spectfudly inv!f?d to attend. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Ctmetc-ry.
- CREW— In this city, August 15, 1903, Molina
(d Crew, beloved daughter of Laura and th«
late Henry C. Crew, and | sister of Thomas
~ N. and Alexander Crew, a ' native of Lon-
J 9 don. England, aged 42 years 8 months and
*• 1 day. »
CFriemls and acquaintances are respect-
72 fully Invited to attend the funeral services
lo Tuesday, August 18, 1003, at 10 o'clock.. at
_ the • residence of her brother. 641 Lombara
¦ t street, between Stockton and Powell. In-
';l- terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
c CtTLLINANE — In Sacramento, August 14, 1903,
. Lawrence J. Cullinane, beloved husband of
- Parthenia Cullinane, a native of Detroit,
Mich. • -
'• DORNBIERER— In this city. August 15, 1903,
'• Aline Domblerer. beloved wife of James
•• DornbiKrer. mother of Mrs. Constance Chan.
~ sister of Adrien and Sebastien I'idancet, aiu
L mother-in-law of Adrien Chaix. a native of
_ France, aged (50 years 7 months and 9 days,
d JETFuneral services Tuesday. August 18.
8 1003, at 2 o'clock, at the parlors of Julius S.
Gpdeau. 305 Montgomery avenue. Interment
¦~t private. Laurel Hill Cemetery.
DRAY — In this city. August 15. 1903, Nancy
, Jane, beloved wife of Calvin H. Dray, and
mother of William F. Dray and Mrs. Sarah
E. Byers. a native ot Colorado, aged 55 years
1 month and 22 days.
• tC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
? fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
u (Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Central M.
• E. Church, iMissicn street, : between Sixth
e . and Seventh. Remains at the home of his
'•' . son, 1620 Golden Gate avenue, between Scott
B and Devisadero streets. Interment Cypress
<J Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
1 DUNN— In this city, August 17, 1903, John,
beloved husband of Mary • Dunn, father of
r Philip J., John J., Charles A. and the late
Jamrs A. Dunn, Mrs. A. Gale and Mrs. J.
' A. Murphy, and brother of Mrs. R. Jepsen,
a native of Youghal, County Cork, Ireland,
,, aged . C5 yeara 3 months and 15. days. • ; •
- FORS— In this city, August 10, 1903. Peter C.
beloved husband of Isabella Fora, and father
of Aloyslus Mllchlor Fors. a native of- Gel-
leburg, Sweden, aged 33 years 3 months and
14 days. ' A member of the Amalgamated
- Sheet Metal Workers' Union No. 67. and of
the Independent Order of Foresters. Court
Southern Heights No. 1150.- .
i- ET-The funeral will take place- to-day
d (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late re*l-
i; dence. 17-Clyde street, off Townsend. between
>. Third and Fourth. Interment Laurel Hill
¦ Cemetery. ... ... ... .. . \i.\
OFFICERS and members of Court. Southern
Heights No. -1150, I. O. F.. are hereby notl-
T fled to attend the funeral of our late brother,
f Peter Fors, on Tuesday, August 18, ¦ at 2
, o'clock, from his late residence, 17 Clyde
r street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.- ;
V GEORGE DOW. C. R.
J. "W. HAMILTON. R. S. ......
- GREENWOOD— In this .city. August 17. 1903.
s Catherine A., beloved daughter ¦ of the late
0 Captain A.- and Mrs. Greenwood, and sister
of Mrs. : tvill'la.m -Sully, '.Mrs.'- Agnea Hague,-
Mrs. Frank Morris, Mrs. J. -Ford. Mrs. C.
Leddel and George Greenwood, a native of
; Victoria, B.C., : aged 30 years and 9 months.
HALEY— In this, city, August 10, 1903, John,
beloved husband, of Nora Haley, and father
1 of Agnes, George and Frank Haley and Mrs.
Charles Boehn, a native of. Qounty Kerry,
• Ireland. A member of ..Triumph Lodge No.
,180. a. o. u. w. '.:..• '
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect^
» fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
j . (Tuesday), at 9:15 o'clock, from his late
• residence, 615 Ellsworth street, near Cres-
0 cent avenue, thence to St. John's Church,
t \vh*>rt a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul at 10
1 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
• HAY— In Alameda. August 18, 1003, Alexan-
i : der Hay, father of the late Mrs. A. G. Brick
» and Warren B. and Florence A. Hay, a na-
i tlve of Nova Scotia, aged 68 years 6 months
1 and 4 days. . ;
t / ICTFriencIs and acquaintances are respect-
f fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
I August 18, at 2 o'clock, from his late resl-
\ dence, 1530 Railroad avenue. Interment
r Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
I HEYDENABER— In this city, August 10, 1903,
t Henry Jr., dearly beloved son of Henry and
r 'Annie Heydenaber, and loving brother ot
i Annie Marie Heydenaber. a native of San
I - Francisco, aged 3 month? and 6 days.
CT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited M attend the funeral services
Tuesday, August IS, 1003. at 10 o'clock, at
the residence of his parents, 2039 Powcil
street. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
: HICKEY — In thia city. August 17. 1903, Julia
M., dearly beloved daughter of John F. and
1 the late Elizabeth- Hickey, and loving sister
of William J. and Thomas C. Hlckey and
I Mrs. II. B. O'Donnell, a native of San Fran-
cisco, s
' ¦ ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
i fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at «:.'<O o'clock, from her late
' residence, 31)33 Eighteenth street, thence to
, MiR.siun Dolores Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. . ,.
f HUDSON— In this city. August 16. 1903, James
r Hudson, a native of Ireland, aged 69 years.
• JOOST — In this city, August 10. 1SO3. Anna
' C, dearly beloved wife of • John* Joost,- -and
devoted sister cf John, Henry and Herrman
• Tlcncken and Mrs. C. Claugsen. a native of
Kohlen, Germany, aged 39 years 2 months
and 1 day.
E7*FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
'¦ (Tuesday), at 1 •o"clock, from her late resi-
dence, 105 South Park, between Third and
Fourth streets. Bryant and Brannan. Inter-
ment Cypreea Lawn Cemetery.
1 JUDGE— In this city. August 15, 1903. Kate
G., beloved daughter of Julia and the late
P'rank Judffe, and dearly beloved sister of
May Judge, a native of Virginia City, Nev.,
• aged "2 years.
- • cy The funeral will take place Tuesday,
August 18, at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 3CTJ TexRS street, between Eight-
eenth and Nineteenth, Potrero, thence to St.
Teresa's Church, where a solemn req\Mem
mass will be celebrated for the repose o*
her soul, commencing at 0 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KELLY — In this city. August 15. 1903, Charles
E. Kelly, beloved son of the late Michael
and Catherine Kelly, and loving brother cf
MVs. John Peterkln, Mrs. E. Rellly, Mrs.
Thomas Reilly and John. Henry, Cornelius
Daniel and Jeremiah Kelly and the late Mrs.
• Thomas DulKnan. a native of San Fran-
' clsco. A member of Aerie No. 5. F.- O. K. ''
(EyFrleinJs and acquaintances are respect-
''' fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 242 Clara street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a requiem high masj
will be. celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 0 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
LOWNEY — In thia city, August 10, 1903, Jere-
miah, beloved husband of Alice E. Lowney,
loving father of Daniel D., T. J.. J. E. and
Sadie V. Lowney, Mrs. J. Schalich and Mrs.
E. Rlordan. and brother of T. J. Lowney
and Mrs. J. Leary of Fall River, Mass., a
native of Ireland, aged 70 years.
ErTrlemia and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 706 San Jc«e avenue, thence to bt.
Paul's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
- tery. ¦ r ¦
McCONNELL— In this city, August 17. 1903,
Agnes, beloved wife of Frank McConnell,
and daughter of the late Hugh and Mary
Healey, a native of San Francisco.
(CTFrlcnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 200 Franklin street, thence to St.
Ignatius Church, where. a requiem high mas*
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MASTERSON— An anniversary requiem high
mass will be celebrated In St. Rose's Church
Wednesday, at 9 o'clock, for the repose of
the soul of the late George H. Masterson.
Friends and acquaintances . are respectfully
requested to be present.
MAYON—In Oakland, August 17. 1003. James
Ralph, beloved son of Dr.' J. L. and Evelyn t
F Mayon. and brother of Ethel. Clara. Ma- jj
bel and Kuth Mayon, a native of California, I
aged 16 years 6 months and 11 days.
NEE— In thU city. August 15, 1003, John, be- (
loved husband of Mary Nee, and father of 2
Thomas Nee, to. native of the pariah of Rush- 1.
muck. County Galway, Ireland, aged 47 1
years. A member of -Riggers' and Steve-
dores' Union Association, Local 222. I. L. b
M. and T. A. „ E
(CFrlcnds and acquaintances are respect- I
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day 1*
(Tuebday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 707 Mission street, 1
thence to St. Joseph's Church for services s
commencing at 11 o'clock. Interment Holy \
Cross Cemetery. n
PAGE— At Rubicon Park, Lake Tahoe, El 8
Dorado County;' Cal., August 17, 1003, Hugo o
E. Page, dearly beloved son of Gusti,v and t!
Bertha Pace, and beloved brother of Alvin II
and the late Bernhard Page, a native of ti
San Francisco, aged 25 years 2 months and *
14 days. •-•¦ < - I
E7"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
PENCO— In this city, August 17. 1903, Glo- l!
vanni, : dearly beloved husband of Mary" C
Penco, son-in-law of Louisa and Domenico
Ferrea, and brother-in-law of James Ferrea, '
Mrs. Jennie A lrola, Mrs. Sophie Demartini •'
and Joseph, Charles, Lily and LIIlo Ferrea, 1 H
a native of Italy, • aged 87 years and 10 f<
months. • : p
EXFriends and acquaintances are respect- *
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday, "V
August • 20. 1003, at 12 :50 o'clock, from . his I
I late residence. 2309 Mason street, thence to
Sts. Peter ' and Paul's Italian Church for I
blessing. ¦ Interment > New. Italian Cemetery
PIERCY — In this city, August 17, 1903, Edith B1
Mildred, beloved daughter of Alpheus U 1<
and Louise C. Piercy, and sister of Kvelyii
J L:;- Ralph, .Viola W- Earl R. "and Lloyd S
Piercy, a native of -San Francisco, aged 8 T
years. ¦ ¦•¦ - • ¦¦¦-.--¦¦ ¦••-.- , . ',,
.FT J. Monahan, President.' '.
MONAHAN & CO., 5
(Inc.) '/ K
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS 8
2339-2341 Mission st. -Telephone Mission 31. •'
*~— — — — — — — — : ; — , oi
— — — •" ' — — — — . 11
James McUlnn. '¦" :.¦'¦ :. - :r "¦ Henry Hansen. - 1 si
JAMES McGINN & CO.. I H
,¦,- ~ Formerly .With McGinn. Bros., • -' I
Funeral Directors . and - Embalrners I W
¦.-- 214 Eddy St.; Tel. South 576. "I K
RAUBER— In Seattle. Wash.. August 14. 1903.
, Jennie R., beloved wife of George Rauber.
a native of . Kentucky, axed 38. years and 3
days. •
' -tS" Friends and acquaintances are xespect-
fully Invited to attend . the funeral to-day
- (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
•the Henry J.. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
' pany, 20 Fifth street. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
REICHSTETTER— In this city. August 15.
1903. . at his residence. 716 Railroad avenue
south. Gottlieb Relchstetter. dearly beloved
husband of Anna Reichstetter. and beloved
father of Harry, George, Annie. ¦William,
Gottlieb Jr.. Frederick. Charles and Mat-
thew Relchstetter. a native of Fortheim.
Wurtemburg. Germany, aged 06 years 4
months and 5 days. A member of Hermann
Lodge No. 145, I. O. O. F.- (Louisville. Ky.,
and Cincinnati papers please copy.)
"^"Friends und acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 0:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 716 Railroad avenue south, corner
Tenth avenue aouth. South San Francisco.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
REUTER— In this city. August 16. 1003, Hen-
rlette M. M., beloved wife of William Reu-
ter, and devoted mother of Carl. Gertrude.
Clara and William ' Reuter Jr.. a native of
! Stade,' Germany, aged 54 years 10 months
, and 13 days. • ¦ —
(ETFnends and acquaintances are 'respect-
; fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late
residence, 213 Capp street, between Seven-
teenth and Eighteenth, Mission and Howard.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SALOMON— In Vallejo. August 9, 1803. Her-
man, dearlv beloved husband of Mary Salo-
mon, devoted father of Ruth and Zara Salo-
mon, and beloved son of A. and the late S.
Salomon, a native of Lautenberg, Germany,
aged 34 years and 9 months.
t£7"Frienti8 and acquaintances are respecl-
. fully invited to attend the funeral service*
to-day . (Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, at the resi-
dence of A. Mamlock. 1027 Turk street. In-
terment Eternal Home Cemetery, by Bpeclal
car from Third and Townsend streets at 2:30
_ p'clock. . • . . . •
SAMPLE — In this city, . August 16. 1903. Rob-
ert A., dearly beloved husband of Mary J.
Sample, and devoted father of Isabell and
the late Willie Sample, a native of County
Derry, Ireland, aged 34 years 8 months and
19 -days. ,.,' .
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral ' Wednes-
day, August 19, 1903, at 1 o'clock, from his
late residence, 4330 Twenty-.third street,
thence to 1. . O. O. : F. Hall, where .services
'will be held under the auspices of Sergeant
Lodge- No. 368. Interment Cypress Lawn
'Cemetery.'-.; . ¦¦¦•¦¦¦ . • •¦ . r -,.. -¦.•¦
STEWART— In this city, August 16.^ 1903, Isa-
. bella Marsarett Stewart, beloved daughter
of Robert L. and the. late Jane Clark, and
sister of Robert L. Jr. and Fred W. Clark.
Mrs. W. Loveland. Mrs. J. E. Shand and, the
Iate-J. C. Clark,. a native of California.
CTFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral Tuesday, August 18, 1903.
at 1 - o'clock, from the residence of her
father, 861 Greenwich street. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery. ¦¦¦
LIVE OAK Circle No, 20, C. of F. of A.—
Officers and members are requested to at-
tend the funeral of our late companion, Mrs.
' I. M-.". Stewart, to-day, at'l o'clock, from the
residence of her father, 861 Greenwich street.
N. ROTHMAN, Secretary.
VAN ALLEN— In Ross, August- 10, 1903, en-
tered Into rest. Mrs. Laura E. Van Allen,
beloved mother of Mrs. Calista B. Fair,
Mrs. Edward Bosqul and Mrs; Charles D.
• Haven. • - : -
tCTInterment private. ¦ 1 '
WALSH— In this city, August 16, 1903, Emma
E.. beloved wife of Thomas Walsh, daugh-
ter of Daniel and Macdelena. Wiehle, and
sister of Carl, Annie. Nora. Frtda, Mar-
guerite a,nd Elsie Wiehle and Mrs. M. W.
Kelty, a native of Germany, aged 24 years
and 25 days. ,-. ' • ¦ilRS. PAULINE FREDERICK, WHO
-IS CHARGED WITH FELONY
EMBEZZLEMENT.
Mrs. Kate Raber, cashier, v in ' a restaur
ant at 239 Eighth j street, reported to the
police yesterday, morning that her purse,
containing $40 75; had been . stolen on Fri
day j from \ under the counter where sho
had placed it. She suspected Robert Lee, L
a dishwasher, and he was arrested by De
tectives Regan and O'Connell. ¦;
¦ '.— — » » » . ".' . .'^V;;:.^
Not the cheapest, but the . fairest '. and most
honeit printers. Mysell-Rollins,' 22 Clay. •
Dishwasher Is Suspected.
Lady Jlaccahees to Drill.
. To-morrow I night there will be a grand
ball in the Armory, 2S .Golden Gate ave
nue,, under . the auspices of the Knights of
the Maccabees and : on that occasion the
drill ¦ team of San « Francisco Hive of the
Ladies of the Maccabees will give its
first public exhibition drill. The team is
composed of ; sixteen young ladles under
the' captaincy of -Lady Hare.
From estimates received within the last few
days from the north this I season's Alaska . sal
mon catch will fall considerably below that of
last 1 year. The Puget Sound catch for this
year was smaller than the catch of the pre
vious Beason, but' those Interested In the har
vest trusted to the Alaska catch more than
compensating for the Puset Sound shortage.
It " Is ¦ net • now thought that there is any hope
for this, although the extent -of the Alaska
falling oft can only be estimated, as yet, in a
general way. *
Small Salmon Catch.
In a suit filed yesterday by H. F. Lange
against the Golden State Power Company,
he asks the court's judgment' for ; S250, 1 
000. He claims that the company, for ser
vices i performed, agreed . to give | him j that
amount Just as soon as it had created a
bonded indebtedness of $10,000,000. S. C.
D.iwson ; is his attorney.
Sues for a Large Amount.
% The baseball fans will have an opportu
nity of witnessing a. ball game heretofore
unafiorded them when the Civil War Vet
erans of Georgia : clash . with the Veteran
Volunteer Firemen of -this city. The game
will be called at , 3/ p. m. Wednesday on
the National baseball ' grounds at Ninth
and Bryant streets. The players must be
over 60 years of \ age - and weigh over 200
pounds. The game will.be played under
the old rules. i'T: ' ,
Veteran Baseball Team.
"William Hill, a marine fireman, went
into a restaurant at 262 Third street early
yesterday morning and while partaking
of a meal fell asleep. Policeman Tillman
passed the restaurant and on looking in
saw Michael Constantine, a waiter, going
through Hill's pockets. ' Tillman waited
till he saw the waiter take out a purse
and then placed him under arrest on a
charge of grand larceny. The purse con
tained 75 , cents. Constantine J was . in
structed by Police Judge Cabaniss yester
day and the case continued till Thursday.
"Went Through Guest's Pockets.
The . Occidental and Oriental Steamship ' Com
pany's Coptic- will sail at 1 o'clock to-day for
the . Orient. She . calls . at . Manila. ¦ for which
port ! she has ¦ more ; than 100 i tons I of ¦ freight.
She * will t carry- about; two-score- passengers.
Judge Ide of the Philippine Commission returns
to his post on the Coptic. ; . , .
Coptic. Sails To-Day.
$25.90 to Yosemite and Beturn
In . one way and out another over the
"Double. Loop." The scenic way , into the
Yosemite is the Santa Fe : Merced Route,
which • takesf you directly through . two
Groves'rof • Big ' Trees. Special coupon
ticttets, covering total expenses, five days,
$34.90; seven days, $38.90; ten days, $42.90.
Full information at Santa 'Fe Office, 641
Market street. ... •
Britannia Lodge of the Daughters of St.
George has arranged to entertain its
members and friends at a Dolly Varden
party on the evening of August 26 at its
hall in the Pythian Castle. Empress Vic
toria Lodge of the same order will have
an evening at home in its hall in the
Red Men's building on the last Monday
in the current month. This is to be In
the nature of an open meeting and a fine
programme will be offered for members
and those they ¦ invite.
Daughters of St. George.
Daniel. Holland,' 1363 Folsom street, re
ported to the police yesterday that two
men entered his j stored on -Sunday, and
while one kept 'hlnv in- conversation 'the
other took '$2 'in' silver from the till. -He
discovered ; the • theft immediately, after
the two men left. He -was able ! to give a
good description or them. * ¦ •
Strangers Loot His Till.
Without losing an instant Mrs. Kenny
got a knife and cut the rope, thus saving
her husband's life.
Kenny was taken to the Central Emer
gency Hospital, where he soon recovered
his strength.
Michael J^ Kenny, a coremaker, living
at 1151 Harrison street, while suffering
from despondency through inability to get
work, attempted to take his own life yes
terday by hanging himself. Mrs. Kenny,
his wife, happened to go into one of the
rooms and to her horror found her hus
band hanging from a rope tied around his
neck. -
Hangs Himself, hut His Wif© Cuts
Bope in Time to Save
I Him."
The Board | of Election Commissioners
yesterday declared the result of the offi
cial canvass of the returns of the elec
tion and instructed the Registrar to is
sue credentials to those elected.- The to
tal vote was 13,289 Republican, 7469 Demo
crat, 5068 Union Labor. and 213 Socialist,
making a total vote of 26,039. ., The only
change made was Joseph T. O'Connor,
who . was' declared elected in the Forty
third in place of E.B. Regan.
Commissioners Make Beport.
DESPONDENT MAN TBIES
TO END HIS OWN LIFE
Divorces were granted yesterday to
Helen A- Campbell from W. F. Campbell
for neglect; Hanah Randall from Harry
Randall for infidelity; Gertrude A. Devlin
from Joseph M. Devlin for desertion;
Josle Davis from James Davis for neg
lect, and Sarah McClure from Charles P.
McClure for neglect Suits for divorce
were filed by Amelia Yankowsky' against
Theodore Yankowsky for cruelty and
George C. Beggs against Margaret Beggs
for desertion. •
In the Divorce Court.
NEW TORK. Aug. 17.— Th« Standard Oil
Company has declared a dividend of $5 a
share, payable on September 15 to stockhold
ers of record of August 1. This Is $2 less
than was paid in June last, but the sama as
was declared' for the same period last year.
During the presence In tho city of the
G. A. K. veterans and their friends. C. A.
McNelll will run launch excursions from
Clay-street wharl to the jrarlous points of
Interest about the harbor. • ¦
Will Bun Launch. Excursions.
Harry Edwards, the maniac prisoner
who assaulted his fellow prisoners with
a sledge hammer in the quarry at the
branch County Jail on Saturday, was
committed to the State Hospital for the
Insane at . Stockton yesterday by Judge
Graham. The divorced wife of the mat.iac
testified that Graliam had been subject
to Insane spells for a number of years.
She exhibited various scars and wounds
upon her person as evidence or his as
saults upon her, and stated that ah«s was
obliged to secure a divorce for self-protec
tion. . '.
Edwards Pronounced Insane.
The arbitration proceedings between
the carmen's union and the United Rail
roads will be resumed some day this
week, the date not yet being fixed. Both
sides expect to close their cases at the
next session and the matter will be ready
then for the decision of the arbitrators.
E. J. Livernash, counsel for the car
menr-will leave at. the end of this week
for a short trip to the East, but will re
turn here early in September to attend
the meetings of the board of arbitration.
Day Upon Which Attorneys Will
Meet Has Not Yet Been De
cided TJpon.
Mayor Schmitz and School Director Ron
covieri are dissatisfied with the present
method of teaching music in the public
schools and will endeavor .to .'.make a
change by simplifying the method. Ron
covieri asserts that the system in, vogue
is nothing less than a scheme to enrich
certain book firms.'"
School Director Walsh is making ar
rangements to ere"ct four portable school
houses at Sunnyslde, four at Twenty
fourth avenue, between California and
Lake streets: two at the Park School,
four or five for the Jackson School and
one. at the Dudlev Stone. In all about
sixteen portable schoolhouses will be in
stalled.
Mayor and School Director Are Dis
pleased With. Present System
of Teaching Music.
CABMEN'S ABBITBATION"
CASE CLOSES THIS WEEK
At 7 o'clock last evening there was a
small fir* in the basement of the store
of Strauss & FrolTman, 107 Post street.
An alarm was turned in from box 4S,
and with the aid of a chemical engine
the fire was soon extinguished. The fire
was caused through defective electric
light wlresX and the firemen had to b«
very direful, a3 the wires in the base
ment were charged with 2000 volts. Tne
damage was nominal. A large crowd was
attracted tn the fire.
Fire on Post Street.
"William Lamb, hostler, 570 Folsom
street, reported to Policeman Xobmann
on Sunday night that William Doyle, a
longshoreman living at 308 Bryant street,
had pushed him into a crowd at Second
and Clementina streets and his gold
watch had been taken out of his pocket.
James Murphy, a boy, told Nobmann that
he had seen Doyle take the watch and
Doyle was arrested and locked up in the
"tanks" pending further investigation
Lost His Gold Watch.
Is almost constantly irritated by wind
and mineral-laden dust; Inflammation,
redness, itching and burning, followed by
granulated eyelids, are the results.
MURINE EYE REMEDY gives quick re
lief. Doesn't smart; soothes eye pain;
makes weak eyes strong:. Your druggist
or optician sells Murine at 50 cents. •
The San Francisco Eye
OAKLAND, Aug. 17.— The board of edu
cation took steps to-night to call a special
school board election on the district plan.
Independently of any action by the city
on other bonding projects. The building
and sites committee, composed of Direc
tors Isaacs, Hathaway and Robertson,
was instructed to prepare a report on new
schools and grounds required. Friday,
August 21, Alameda County day for the
Grand Army of the Republic, was de
clared a school holiday. The resigna
tions of Miss Antoinette Smart, Peralta
school, and Miss Jane S. Turner, Bay
school, were accepted. "Walter Tenney
was appointed assistant teacher in draw
ing in the evening schools and Claude
Small Wood was named as substitute
teacher In the Garfield evening school. A
new class was organized In the evening
school because of overcrowding.
Board of Education Meets.
The edicts of County Clerk A. B. Ma
hony seem to carry little weight with
the men under his employ. AH of the
men discharged by him Saturday, with
the exception of John Reily, who Is sick
in bed, and Thomas Quinn, who does not
seem to care, reported for work yester
day. Even John McKenas, whose broth
er la Associate Justice of the United
States Supreme Court, reported for duty,
notwithstanding that his chief had brand
ed him as a man who was derelict in
his duty. 'William Kennedy and James
McElroy, two of the most expert court
room, clerks In Mahony's employ, who
were reported discharged Saturday, were
at their desks and were ready with min
ute books written up to date to show that
they at least were fit to fill the positions
they hold. ¦/...;'
2£ahony's Edict Valueless.
Owing to a scarcity of jwater In the
wells of the Vlsltacion "Water Company,
the residents of Butchertown have had
cause for complaint for the past three
days. On Saturday the supply was shut
off and yesterday morning only the cus
tomers on the lower ground were sup
plied. ' The company says that the force
is not sufficient at present to raise the
water to the residents on the side of the
hill, but expects to be able to remedy
the difficulty within a few days.'
Water Is Scarce.
The order was obeyed and one of the
victims fell dead A The man who did the
shooting escaped, but Quong must pay
the penalty for the deed.
After a trial lasting nearly a month, a
Jury In Judge Lawlor's department of
the Superior Court returned a verdict of
guilty of murder \ in the first degree
against Quong Quock Wall, one of the
presidents of the See Yup Society, who
was indicted by the last Grand Jury.
"After strong arguments on the part of
the attorneys for the prosecution and de
fense, the case went to the Jury, which,
after deliberating more than two hours,
returned a verdict of guilty. The crime
for which Quong Quock "Wah was tried
and convicted occurred on May 7 of this
year, about 11 p. m., in Ross alley. The
murder was the result of a feud that had
been raging between the See Yups and
the Educational Society.
The testimony adduced at the trial
showed that on the night in question two
Educational Society men were, walking
along Ross alley and when near the cigar
store conducted by the defendant' some
one gave notice of their coming. Quong,
seizing a revolver, handed the weapon to
one of his countrymen, supposed to be
Nick Yung, with instructions to shoot.
Quong- Quock Wan Is
Convicted.
After a Trial Lasting Nearly a Month
CHINAMAN IS FOUND
GUILTY OF MUHDEB
O'Keefe searched him and. found a load
ed revolver In his pocket. ' He. was booked
on a charge of carrying a concealed wea
pon and appeared before Police. Judge
Mogan yesterday. He told the Judge the
same story and the : Judge ! decided i that
he was a. fit subject. for. examination by
the Insanity Commissioners.*' He jwas
ordered transferred, to the : Insane ward
in the Central Emergency Hospital. It is
believed that the -escape of: the convicts
worked upon his mind until "he, became
temporarily insane. -•'--:',
James Reilly accosted ( Policeman
O'Keefe at Jackson and East streets on
Sunday night and told him a weird story-
He said he was an ex-convict, having
been released from Folsom penitentiary
about six months ago, after serving ten
years. He was satisfied that four of;- the
convicts who recently made their escape
— Theron, Eldridge,' Woods and Fahey—
were In the city for the sole purpose of
killing him. ... - ; - . "• .• " ;
James Reilly Tells a Weird Story
and Will Be Examined as
to His Sanity.
V • i • • i • • • * • • ? • * • • * • • • • * • » 4
SATS ESCAPED CONVICTS
ARE HERE TO KILL HIM
Mrs. Frederick ran a manicuring estab
lishment in the Liebes building, on Post
The arrest of the woman was accom
plished only after a succession of sen
sational developments and a hubbub that
excited the curious, who congregated in
the neighborhood. Mrs. Frederick, who
had been sought after for months, was
concealed' in room 12 at . 46 O'Farrell
street, an apartment occupied by a
woman known as Mrs. Arlington.' This
woman sought to shield her friend from
the arresting officers and denied emphati
cally that she knew anything of the per
son sought. The police insisted, however,
a warrant was secured, the apartment
was entered and Mrs. Frederick was dis
covered and placed under
Mrs. Frederick was in tears during her
arraignment and the Judge pleaded with
her to be calm and not wring his heart
strings by a lachrymose display which
was entirely unnecessary.
ing her with felony embezzle
ment, was instructed and arraigned in
Police Judge Cabaniss' court yesterday
and the case was continued for a 'week. .
MRS. PAULINE FREDERICK, a
tall, statuesque woman who
was arrested last Saturday
night on an\old warrant charg-
street, and on January 1 she sold the
furniture and fixtures In her two rooms
to Benjamin Barbash.^a dealer, for $140,
assuring him that there was no mort
gage on the effects. She asked as a
special favor that Barbash allow her to
remain as his tenant for a month or two,
as business was likely to get brisk, and
he consented. She evaded- payment of
the rent ] and one day Barbash saw tho
furniture being moved from her rooms,
and to his astonishment learned that ev
erything had been mortgaged and the
mortgage had been foreclosed. This was
on February 23, and' a few days later
Barbash swore to the warrant for her
arrest.
.No trace of her was obtained till last
Saturday evening, when Barbash's sis
ter-in-law saw Mrs. Frederick "on the
street and followed her to 46 O'Farrell
street. Barbash was notified, and he got
Policeman T. C. Murphy to. go with him
to room 12, occupied by Mrs. Arlington,
where he had reason to ¦ believe Mrs.
Frederick had taken shelter. Mrs. Ar
lington denied that she was there, so
Murphy went to the Central police sta
tion for the warrant and on his return de
manded entrance. The door was opened
an| Mrs. Frederick was discovered. She
was taken to the City Prison and released
on bail.
PORTABLE SCHOOLHOUSES '
ARE BEING INSTALLED
The California Promotion Committee
has placed an exhibit of fruits in the
rotunda of the Palace Hotel. The fruits
are an exposition of what can be grown
in California, and are in large Jars In
a huge glass case, framed in hammered
brass and with marble base, which, with
a mirror background, produce a hand
some effect. Among the fruits shown are
olives, berries, red cherries, navel or
anges, paper shell almonds, California
pineapples, Bartlett pears, green prunes.
Japanese persimmons, grapes, apples,
quinces. Eureka lemons, green gage plums,
black cherries. California red plums,
Hungarian prunes. Royal apricots, Tokay
grapes, etc. •
Promotion Committee Institutes Min
iature Exposition of Califor
nia Products.
Applications from the Central Pacific
Railroad Company were disposed of as
follows:
To reduce assessment on coal In Oak
land from $40,000 to $29,526, granted; to
reduce assessment on West Oakland yards
from 5300.000 to 5211,000, referred to the
city assessor; to reduce assessment on
Franklin and First Etreet property from
$233,000 to $150,000, referred to city assess
or; to reduce assessment on block signal
system from $50,000 to nominal figure of
$10, referred to city assessor; to reduce
assessment of $50,000 on ferry system to
nominal figure of $10, referred to city as
sessor and city attorney.
OAKLAND, Aug. 7.— The city council,
sitting as a board of equalization to
night, received an application from the
Contra Costa Water Company to cancel
assessments of $1,050,000 on franchises and
$163,650 on money and solvent credits. The
application was referred to the city at
torney.
City Council Sits as Board of Equal
ization and Considers Ap
plications.
PI-ACES FBUIT EXHIBIT
IN THE PALACE HOTEL
Edwards turned the corner Jnto Te
hama street when the thugs jumped from
a doorway and setting upon him took
$33 50 from his pockets and a diamond
ring, valued at 523, from his finger. The
footpads then tried to rob "Edwards of
his watch, but he freed himself from the
grip of his assailants and fought des
perately.
The men then decamped ¦without the
watch. Edwards, who is employed at tho
Union Iron Works, was given a bad cut
over the left eye. The injury was treat
ed at the Central Emergency Hospital.
Evans Edwards, a machinist, was held '
up by four men last night as he was
about to call at a friend's house on Te
hama street, near Fourth.
Evans Edwards Is Attacked and
Robbed of Cash and a Dia
mond Ring.
FOOTPADS HOLD UP
MAN LATE AT NIGHT
BIG CORPORATIONS SEEK
SEDUCTION OF ASSESSMENTS
The syndicate feels that by combining
the laundries a great deal of money will
be saved. The laundry wagon routes will
be divided up into about 100 districts and
in this way the number of wagons can
be materially decreased.. The new com
pany will also establish more agencies at
Important points in the city and the
present arrangement of allowing owners
of barber shops and bootblack stands a
commission will be done away with as
much as possible.
The new laundry syndicate promises not
to increase the present laundry rates. In
fact, the etockholders are of the opinion
that with the decrease in the present op
erative expenses they will be able to ma
terially lower the present rates. This last
statement is encouraging. Judging from
the fact that the steam laundries of the
city have been gradually increasing their
rates during the last two years.
An official of the new syndicate said
yesterday that the laundries of this city
at the present time do $200,000 worth of
business a month. He refused to state
what the capitalization of the new com
pany will be.
One of the stockholders in the syndi
cate said that the prices asked by the
different laundries for their plants and
good will were 4n all cases most reason
able. The owners of the laundries will
receive in each case a portion of the pur
chase price in cash and the balance in
stock of the new corporation.
? The new syndicate, when It takes con
trol, will close down one or two smaller
laundries in remote districts in this city.
but the big laundries, such as the San
Francisco and United States, will ren.ain
undisturbed.
The steam laundries that have fixed a
pr!c« for their plants are the San Fran
cisco, United States, the Grand. Contra
Costa, St. Nicholas, Cascade, Electric,
White Star, Troy. Empire, Eureka, Yo
semite and Shasta.
The attorneys for the syndicate are
.Thomas £z Gerstle of 222 Sansome street,
end they are busy drawing up the neces
sary papers to put the deal through.
The latest syndicate in town is the
"Laundry Trust" and within a few weeks
all the steam laundries of this city will
be merged into one big company. The
company has unlimited capital back of it
and the stockholders promise various im
provements.
NEW YORK, Aug. 17.— A Herald special
from Topeka, Kans., says Clarence ~E.
Sharon, who will be brought back here
from San Francisco to answer to a charge
of embezzlement, formerly was a non
commissioned officer in the Twentieth
Kansas Volunteers. A year ago he waa
elected captain of the Topeka company
of the Kansas National Guard. He had
charge of a great deal of property belong
ing to the State and was supplied with
money to pay the expenses of the com
pany. It is charged that 'tie took some
of the State's property and $350 in fund*.
His wife and children are with him.
Clarence E. Sharon was arrested on
Sunday night by Detectives Ed. Gibson
and Coleman on a circular from Sheriff
H. E. Lucas of Topeka, Kans., that he
was wanted there for felony embezzle
ment. The detectives found him at a
lodging-house on Polk .street, near Mc-
Allister. He was locked up In the
tanks and the Sheriff was notified of his
arrest. A" reply was received yesterday
that an officer would be sent at once with
the papers, for his extradition.
• Sharon was a member of the Twentieth
Kansas regiment that went to Manila
and on his return to Topeka was made
a captain of the Kansas National Guard.
He disappeared from Topeka last Sep
tember and an investigation showed that
$300 and much of the stores of the guards
which were under his supervision were
missing.
Sheriff Lucas sent circulars all over
the country that Sharon was wanted for
felony embezzlement and giving an ac
curate description of him. Captain Mar
tin learned on Sunday that a" man an
swering Sharon's description was living
on Polk street, near McAllister, and he
detailed Gibson and Coleman on the case.
They had to wait patiently for several
hours till Sharon made his appearance.
He did not deny his Identity and willing
ly accompanied them to the City Prison.
Sharon said that he could not under
stand why he should be arrested, as his
accounts were all right. There was a dis
pute between some of the other officers
and himself about $200, but he thought
the matter had been satisfactorily ad
justed. He attributed the charge against
him to his enemies and believed that he
would soon fix up everything satisfac
torily.
The body of an unknown man was found
to-day on the shore of Contra Costa
County, near Point Isabel, by Thomas
Burns, who was out on the marsh picking
up wood. It is that of a man about 40
years of age, 5 feet 9 inches in 'height and
weighing about 160 pounds.
The body was dressed in a black coat
and vest, light pants, white shirt, cellu
loid collar, black bow tie and lace shoes.
On tho vest was a green button, on which
could be deciphered the letters ."R. H."
in a monogram. This is the style of but
ton worn by members of the Cooks' and
"Walters' Union, and it is thought the
man may have been a waiter. It is
thought by some that the body mayfte
that of Charles Shores, the absconding
treasurer of the Cooks" and Walters'
Union of this city. The body was removed
to the Contra Costa County Morgue at
Martinez.
The Identification was complete, both
from the clothing and from a watch con
taining the pictures of Mrs. Cheline and
her child.
Emile Cheline was well known In Val
lejo, where he had lived for some time,
lie left a widow In that city and several
brothers, who are engaged in the commis
sion business in San Francisco. The
father of deceased is a retired capitalist,
residing in San Jose. The Coroner of
Contra Costa County will ship the body
to Vallejo for burial.
OAKLAND. Augr. 17.— The body of
Emile Cheline, who was drowned Sunday,
August 9, by the capsizing of the yacht
Heinle in Carqulnez Straits, was found
to-day near the Selby Smelting Works by
an employe of the smelter.
It was removed to the Morgue at Mar
tinez, where it was positively Identified as
the body of Cheline by Officer E. A. Wil
liams and Charles Harding, both of Va.1
lejo.
Remains of an Unknown Man
Cast Ashore Near Point
Isabel.
* Wagon Routes to Be Divided
Into One Hundred
Districts.
Is Accused of Embezzling
Funds and Stores in
€ % His Care.
Syndicate Formed That
Has an Option on
Them AIL
Body of Emile Cheline
Is Found Near Mar
tinez.
Clarence E. Sharon Is
Wanted in Topeka,
mm
js.ansas.
LAUNDRIES WILL
ALL BE MERGED
WATERS OF BAY
GIVE UP DEAD
ARREST CAPTAIN
OF THE GUARDS
F AIR MAN I C U RI ST SHEDS
COPIOUS TEARS IN COURT
Mrs. Pauline Frederick Is Arraigned on a Charge o'f Felony
Embezzlement, After Being Traced 'and Captured in
the O'Farrell Street V Apartments of Mrs. -Arlington
* . , — ; . — _ : — *
: THE SAN ' FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 18, 1903.
16
iS ADVEBTI3EMENTS. • : /j'..'...
I STORE CLOSED I
I ON ACCOUNT OF FIRE. |
I Due Notice Will Be Given of \
6. Reopening^ \
*? -Cl^^_^ • 1 1_M.J ™ \ \J) 4 1 \J t^ Wt ¦ *^ • " y^^BSj^i^^ ,
\% , . :-. . ¦ '¦:. : v- .;. V. y '¦ • \ ..'. \ i
ADVEBTISE2EENTS.
jlfoMANCBES A SPECIALTY. 1
I California, Oregon, Nevada, Arizona and Mexico stock ranches— £1
, , for their, mere value for grazing — vast tracts suitable for coloniza- 1]
'? tion. Valuable not i.lone for grazing, but for timber, agriculture, N
8 SANTA CLARA COUNTY BARGAINS. 1
P 8oo acres highly improved. Full equipped dairy. 40 acres full H
|j bearing orchard. Comfortable barns, dwelling, well watered, tim- H
B bered, fenced. ' $20,000. s . *1
II 350 acrec, four miles out. Rich, level land. Excellent dairy H
jH ranch, improved. Price only $23,000. p
• P 310 acres, Monterey road. Rich level land. $15,000. ~
H New up-to-date residence, large lot, centrally located. Price |
I $7000. I
CHAS. W. COE & CO.
I Real Estate, Cattle and Loans/
I Residence telephone James 3481. Office telephone Black 10.11.
I * 45 WEST 'SANTA CLARA ST., SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HEAD SOLID SORE
Awful Suffering of Baby and
Sleepless Nights of
Mother.
Another Wonderful Cure
by Cutlcura.
" I herewith write oat in fall the be-
ginning and end of that terrible disease
Eczema, which caused xny babe untold
suffering and myself many sleepless
sights.
44 My baby was born seemingly a fair,
fctalthy child, bat when she was thret
weeks old a swelling appeared on the
back of her head, and in coarse of time
broke. It did not heal bat grew worse,
and the core spread from the size of
a dime to that of a dollar. I used all
kinds of remedies that I conld think of,
but nothing seemed to help ; in fact, it
grew worse. Her hair fell oat where
the sore was, and I fe&red it would
sever grow again. It continued until
my aged father came on a visit, and
when he saw the baby he told me ' to
get Caticara Soap and Caticara Oint-
. ment right away.'
*' To please him I did so, and to my
surprise by their use the sore began to
heal over, the hair grew over it, and
' to-day she has a nice head of hair, her
skin Is as fair as a lily, and she has no
scar left to recall that awful sore, and
1 it is over eight months and no sign of
. It retaining."
Mrs. Wm. Rter, Elk Elver, Minn.
CURE PERMANENT
Mrs. Ryer writes Feb. 25, 1903, Six
Years' Later, That Cure is
Permanent.
" Tonr letter of the 19th lnst. received
asking in regard to the core of my baby
' come six years ago. Well, the disease
has never returned to her hesd which st
' that time was a solid sore* on top and
• down the back. Once or twice since
then a patch has come on her hand near
• the wrist but it finally disappeared
after proper treatment with Cotlcara."
S*U ttwoorhotit tk« ¦world. Cvtteart B««»lTi»t Pe.
On form of ChaeeUt* Coated PilU. tic Mr rUt of 00).
< ns «»•*». Me. Smb. Sic I* pen i London, 17 Ckarttr-
ko«M »tj.; Ptrio. J Kbi i* It Ptlx i Cotton. 1<7 Colnm-
So. At*. Potter lint * Chtnt. Corp., Sol* Prop*.
•T- fc*o4 tot " Ho» *• Can Iauo. a
EVERY WOMAN
. «^ is intererted and should know
about the wonderful
4?«*W\ IIABVEI WHIRLING
CS^Y* \ ;*• )' jtV 1 be new Varlaal SyriBf e.
!*vS\\.V\\§L»\UI ¦Injection and Suction.
;_SSSV\Vv'S!yUf Best— Safest— Most Con-
*^s^^C*§^§_»w venieat. It Cleanse!
X^g%g^>»7TOgj laitaatly
iUkywrrdretttaforlt \ iSbxrTPti&ip^'"
If >» csnnot *upp!y tha . XM^r '«#?K5 ,
Bt ARVKL, accept no % >--S^ > !t-- r
taker. l>ut %ni sump for fiin. >jL M '+7/&i\/
timtrd book— ¦oalrd. Itcii-rsfutl V'/, I. "'/jf
ioUdie- MAIIVKI, CO.. MkLflHilMiW
Boom 20S. TUa«* Bdt. N«w Tork. v~*IWSir
ADVEBTISEMEUTS.
medicalIhxaminer
r^
Of the United States Treasury Recommends
Pe=ru=na.
DR. LLEWELLYN JORDAN, Medi- T— — " M """* M . .->
cal Examiner of the U. S. Treas- V J2_j_L^ !
ury Department, graduate of Co- .mmT*^' "~!t^'i % >~*~
lumbia College, and who served three J^^^5§2r^"li?§^i25Sl* | N.
years at West Point, has the following to -d^^^^^^^lP'^^^^^^
"Allow me to express my grati- J^^^^^^^^^^^l^^^
tude to you for the benefit derived
from your wonderful remedy. One
vast change, and I now consider my- f '^-••;;:;:::--£^^^^^^^^^s
1 he Women Also Recommend r^S^^^^fe^^^^^^
"To a society woman whose nervous *lL%^^^^^5^^^^^^$^W^^raS
force is often taxed to the utmost from y/-jL^^^//wiK»V\\\?SWW^^^^IKSSSfla
lack of rest and irregular meals I know |^^MM^\y^UlM^^S»fiifflffiH
of nothing which is of so much benefit
as Peruna. I took it a few months ago {^^t^>W^' t l f( lt^*r^^-^g§JBlSBffl
when I felt my strength giving away.
and it soon made itself manifest in giv- VhSS 'tfSsJfh 1 M^^Wv^I^SSSHHShSSkI
ing me new strength and health."— Ww!v^>ll^ l!^llAll//'^^wS«^^tC
" Mrs/ 2403 Thirty-seventh V^rMi^^JW^H^^^^^
"After taking several remedies with- J* l^yj^TWfY^aBfliwMBr^^Sr
out result, I began last year to talce "
your valuable remedy, Peruna. I was a 1^-^^ISkS&$$$§§^'
the heart, cold "hands and feet, female \v^i s^§l§$§^^7
weakness, no appetite, trembling, sink- tZ&lfc^A \\\\$^$§§S§7/'f/
in? feeling, nearly all the time. You \UY\Vs§$s=s7
said I was suffering with systemic ca- 8£*&^^ : ~§£S k . «^V^§SS?'
tarrh, and I believe that I received your vf^>^^^^^^b^ ""^O§§^««« 1 ***^£j
help in the nick of time. I followed tJ^^B^^^?3»^W. __^?IL\-4b»31
your directions carefully and can say rf^^^^^^^i^^^^St^iaff^^S^
to-day that I am well again. I canno't yk^^^X-^aSS^^^S^S* 1 **^
thank you enough for my cure." ' _, ,, _ ,
Peruna cures catarrh wherever located. Dr. Llewellyn. Jordan.
Peruna is not a guess nor an experiment j
—it is an absolute scientific certainty. :i=±
Peruna has no substitutes— no rivals. In- ««^
sist upon having Peruna. the depressed nerve centers. This Is
. . ¦ , , ... . -:'' 'x '.' ' '¦"" what Peruna does.
- A free book written by Dr. Hart- Peruna Immediately Invigorates the
man, on the subject of catarrh ,n j£SSo^me»ta£e£ "c^rrh* d*^
its different phases and Stages, will appears. Then catarrh la permanently
be sent free to any address by It you do not receive prompt and satis-
Tha Pttruna MfHirina tin Pnl,, m h,.« factory results from the use of Peruna.
me reruna me a/cm e uo., Lot urn bus, wrlte t once to Dr . Hartman. sivins a
Ohio. - •/ full-statement of your case, and he will
• _ . be pleased to give you fcis valuable ad-
Catarrh Is a systemic disease curable vice gratis.
only by systemic treatment. A remedy Address Dr. Hartman, President of
that cures catarrh must aim directly at The Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus. O.