SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY^ AUGUST 13; 1903.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
MURDER OF THE INNOCENT
AND THE RAZING OF TOWMS
OCCUPY TURKS AND REBELS
FOSTER TO BE SENT
TO STRAIGHTEN O UT
DIPLOMATIC TANGLE
MINISTER TO TURKEY, WHOSE INACTION HAS CAUSED PRESIDENT
TO DECIDE TO SEND FAMOUS DIPLOMAT TO CONSTANTINOPLE
TO TAKE VEXATIOUS PROBLEMS OUT OF HIS HANDS.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Aug.. 12. — One
hundred and fifty revolutionists . were
killed in the fighting at Sorovltch oh Au
gust % according to official Turkish .re
ports. The same dispatches, which have
been communicated to the Russian and
Austrian embassies, state that , the in
surrectionary movement is increasing
daily. Hllml Pasha, Inspector general
of- the Sultan's Macedonian reforms, re
ports that the young men^in all the Bul
garian villages are fleeing to the moun
tains to Join' the insufecnt bands. Many
Will Attack the Insurgent Strong
hold With Artillery.'
TURKS SUBBOUND -KKUSHEVO.
The Massachusetts was headed back
into the harbor with difficulty, accompa
nied Ty her sister vessel, the Indiana, and
the gunboat Scorpion. She will remain
here until Captain aianning, her com
mander, receives orders from Washing
ton, when It is expected she will proceed
to Brooklyn to be drydocked.
At the time the accident occurred the
squadron, which is under command of
Rear Admiral Barker, and which has
been engaged In a war game oft* the coast,
was bound for Long Island Sound, where
there will be exercises previous to an in
spection and review on Mojtday by Presi
dent Roosevelt. Secretary Moody and Ad
miral Dewey. :t is believed that the ac
cident was due to a miscalculation of her
position on the part of the navigating of
ficer. When the chip struck she was go
ing at the rate of about nine and a half
knots an hour. s
Captain Manning said tonight that he
could have proceeded witlj^the rest of the
fleet, but thought it wisest to return, so
that the Massachusetts could be dry
docked for repairs. It i«s expected that
the will be in trim when hefr orders are
received to sail. She will proceed to~ the
Brooklyn -Navy Yard, probably under, her
own steam, and will be drydocked so that
the full extent of her damage may be as
certained tafliwj
• BAR HARBOR, Me., Aug. 12.-Whil«
leaving the harbor during a thick fog at
noon to-day. In company with other ves
sels of the North Atlantic squadron, the
battleship Massachusetts sustained con
eiderabie damage by string on the ledge
of rdeks off the western end of Egg Rock.
The big vessel slipped over the rocks into
deep water, but the two forward bulk
hK-ads soon filled and it was subsequently
found by dl\ r ers, who examined her hull,
that several plates forward had been
cracked.
6yec!«J Krpatch to The CalL
Hussein Hilma Pasha, who has, been
appointed : Vali of . Monastlr,. reports ; a
similar spread of the insurrectionary
movement in the' vilayet of Salonica,
where, ho sajes, the committees are re
solved, on the same plan of massacre, in
cendiarism and pillaging as in Monastir.
, Telegrams received this morning from
Monastir announce that the town of
Krushevo is still occupied by 'the insur
genta.. Four thousand Turkish troops,
with artillery, surround the town and are
preparing to attack, , and, if possible to
retake the position. Fighting with the
rebels is" in .progress, in ; the; district of
Dlbra, where* it appears that tho' Alban
ians are attacking Bulgarian villages.*
Thaw spent money lavishly while in
Denver. He is going to San Francisco to
see the Corbett-Jeffrles fight.
among the, Bulgarian peasantry wished
to remain neutral, but were compelled by
threa/s to ' help the revolutionary com
mittees. .
Thaw spent Tuesday in Denver ' and
found; when about to depart, that he could
not get a drawing-room in a Pullman. He
at once chartered a private Pullman and
paid $250 cash to use It seven days. He
then purchased eighteen tickets at $40
each to San Francisco In order to have the
exclusive use of the car. The only person
on board besides himself was H. Harvey
Hill, his private secretary.
DENVER. Aug. 12.-William Thaw, the
wealthy Pittsburg man who created an
international sensation a few months ago
by'refusing to appear at the wedding of
his'slster to the Earl of Yarmouth, paid
the Union Pacific more than $1000 for- the
exclusive use of a Pullman car from Den
ver to San Francisco.
Special Dispatcli to The Call
The Times prints a dispatch from Sofia
which says that the Turkish authorities
at Villum have distributed 5000 . rifles to
the Mohammedan population, which • al
ready threatens the. Christians with mas
sacre.
As far as known the following villages
have been destroyed: Korrteschu, Nared,
Narakov, Kosinetz, Schlevo; Llchnaderes,
Vladovo, Ostrovo, Sorovltch, Eskischu.
Bakitz and Jeser. On Tuesday the rebels
failed in an attempt to set flre to Monas
tir. The correspondent regards the situa
tion as desperate.
The Turkish soldiers are powerless to
deal with these small bands, but to show
that they are active they occasionally
loot peaceful Christian - villages and per
petrate, the most terrible outrages under
the pretense of combating the Insurgents.
Bashl Bazouks have become the curse of
the villages. They rob and murder indis
criminately, and anarchy reigns.
A climax of terrible massacres may oc
cur at any time. Even in Belgrade the
Mohammedans are preparing for action.
The Turks now threaten recourse to dyna
mite. y- r r ll :'z: '¦:¦:¦ ':>' r - '¦¦:".-'.¦
appear in great numbers, but in
scattered detachments, thus baffling the
Turkish troops and avoiding open encoun
ters. They, confine themselves mostly- to
the destruction of villages and crops, ex
pecting in this way to compel the popu
lace to join -the rebellion.
V ONDON, Aug. 13.— The Daily Mail
m this morning prints a dispatch
'M ¦¦ from Belgrade which says that
the Macedonian insurgents never
BATTLESHIP
STRIKES ON
ROCK LEDGE
THAW HIRES
PRIVATE CAR
FOR JOURNEY
Ji General Massacre
May Occur at
Jiny * Time.
Reign of JFnarchy
Throughout the
Balkans,
MILITARY SCENE IN BULGARIA, AND
TWO OF" THAT COUNTRY'S MOST
NOTED MEN.
Continued on Page 3, Column 4.
LONDON. Aug. li— The House of Com
mons to-day accepted all the amendments
to the Irish land bill adopted by the
House of Lords, except two, which are of
an unimportant nature. It is believed tha
Lords will accept the bill in 1U present
Xorm. '---* , - . — • — ¦» ' .....j
Land Bill Nears Final Passage.
; ROME, Aug. 12.— Mount Vesuvius con
tinues In a fever, of eruption. A new cra
ter, seems , to have beer, opened, but it is
impossible to ascertain this fact definitely
owing ; to ' smoke which surrounds the top
of the mountain • :-..-•¦— — -_ — .
Dense Smoke From Violent Eruption
Shuts Out View of the
. Volcano.'"*-
VESUVIUS APPARENTLY
HAS OPENED NEW CRATER
¦ PARIS, Aug.; 12.-Fifty-eight victims of
the" tunnel catastrophe . were , buried .to-
day, ; the . condition of " : the bodies not per
mitting ; any ; delay. The • rest * of . the ) vic
tims will- be buried- to-morrow,, when^a
formal ceremony, will r be held, Premier
Combes pronouncing a .discourse on/be
half .of the Government and' the President
of ; the ' Municipal ; Council speaking on be-'
half of the citv.Sv : ' - ; .
Remainder of Dead Will Be Interred
To-Day, the; Premier Deliver- '¦
ing the. Discourse.
FIFTY-EIGHT • TUNNEL
VICTIMS ARE BURIED
LONDON. Aug. 12.— A proclamation has
been Issued under the new sugar conven
tion act which prohibits the importation
of sugar from Russia, Denmark and Ar
gentina.
Great Britain Also Raises' Barrier
Against Denmark and
Argentina.
PROHIBITS IMPORTATION
OF SUGAR FROM RUSSIA
MANILA, Aug. -12.— Governor General
William H. Taft refused to discuss to
night his probable appointment . - as the
successor of Secretary of War Root when
the latter retires, saying that he had not
yet been offered the appointment.
It Is generally believed here that Gov
ernor Taft does , not wish to leave the
Philippines until numerous problems now
pending* are solved. The situation is
scarcely beginning to show thu results
pledged for the upbuilding of the Fili
pinos, whose devotion to and faith In
Governor Taft \ are remarkable. It is
known that Governor Taft does not de
sire to . leave •- the island in any event be
fore'. next February, but it is thought
that he is ready to obey President Roose
velt's wishes, though his departure would
cause - a sacrifice. In the meantime it is
stated that relatives and friends are con
stantly,urging him, to return.
Refuses to , Discuss Rumor That He
Will Succeed Secretary of
', War Root.
TAFT SAYS APPOINTMENT
'¦&&':'¦ HAS S8TOT BEEN OFFERED
DULUTH, Minn., Aug. 12.— E. E. John
son, bookkeeper for the Commercial
Banking Company of this city, was ar
rested here this evening on a/ warrant
charging him with the embezzlement of
$45,000 of the bank's money.,
Johnson admitted his guilt and claimed
that his peculations had extended over
a period of eight months, and that he
had been able to deceive his employers
by a manipulation of the books. He de
clared he had squandered the money in
stock speculation and that not a dollar
of the amount was saved. President
Charles F. Leland of the Commercial
Banking Company said to-night:
"I am a ruined man and the efforts of
years have been wiped away by the em
bezzlement. I trusted young Johnson as
I would one of my own boys."
Johnson Is 2S years of age. and unmar
ried. .
Trusted Employe Steals $45,000 is
Eight Months and Loses
All in Stocks.
BOOKKEEPER'S THEFTS
RUIN BANK PRESIDENT
...As though they possessed a .magic
touch, . the ' Moore-Leeds Reid-Yoakum
syndicate has conjured into existence, the
largest, property in America. The growth
of ' the "Rock Island system has; been the
wonder of the world. 'By successive leaps
Minneapolis' and St. Paul on' the north
have been joined by one : great system
with : New Orleans and . Galveston on the
Gulf -of '.Mexico. Denver ;and , El , Paso,
Kansas City and St. Louis, Memphis and
Birmingham ¦ have been included and . now
will \ be -connected in one system with* all
Atlantic; ports in . the South, and ." with
Washington, Philadelphia' and New. York,
for the I Seaboard Air \ Line owns' a one-;
sixth Interest In the Old Dominion Steam
ship Company, a one-sixth' interest' in the
Richmond, ' Fredericksburg and ' Potomac.*
and ; has an , with* the Penn
sylvania"', - ¦ • " ,
'The . Seaboard will- connect . the
Frisco at Birmingham;- Ala. ' A' close re
lation' also '.'will exist - between • the -Rock
Island : arid ; the Mexican Central, and one
of i the'; bankers .who'; negotiated , the * Sea
bdard and. is; also 1 interested .In .Mexican
[Central financing" said to : day that ;'it'
.would v cauBeno ; surprise if -the; Rock • Isl-J
and {"should, .use 'part , of i its proposed ,$25,-"
000,000 *bond issue % for.' the acquisition *. of :
the ; Mexican .¦ Central - Railroad. : _ . „
NEW YORK, Aug. . 12.— Once j more the
railroad map of -America has been re
drafted. The Seaboard Air Line has lost
Its identity as an independent system and
the .Rock Island has emerged j as con
trolling interest ¦ in ¦ the/ new \ ownership.
This, most recent 'affiliation," which in
cludes a perfect- understanding with the
Mexican Central, makes the Rock Isl
and by far the largest railroad system of
the western hemisphere, having a' voice
in the policy governing : 17,297 .miles ¦ of
railroad, . and gives Jit 1 entrance to": the
great cities of the Atlantic seaboard, in
cluding ¦ New r ' York.' The E new interests
which now,' dominate the > Seaboard .'Air
Lino are the St. .Louis and. San Francisco
Railroad, owned by * the Rock Island ; ¦ the
Mexican Central Railroad. • and' -Laden
burg,* Thalman &^Co.. bankers, who rep
resent the" former controlling interest in
the Seaboard and also are fiscal agents
of. the Mexican Central. :
Special Dispatch to The Call
; ST. LOUIS. Aug. 12— J. S. Mendenhall
of San Francisco, a mining promoter, was
robbed of $2000 in a house at 2015 Chestnut
street early, this morning. Menderihall ar
rived^ in this city. Sunday evening and reg
istered at . the Terminal Hotel. Yesterday
afternoon; he displayed a roll of bills to
the chief clerk, John Parcell, stating^ that
he was .'going out for a good time. The
clerk advised. the miner to leave a por
tion of \ the sum with him . for. safe keep
ing. ' '¦ Mendenhall refused, saying the
money, would be safe with him.
Wednesday morning Mendenhall return
ed 4n the - hotel and reported to Parcell
that he ' had been robbed of a large sum.
L The 'clerk called in Detective John How
ard, who ; got a~statement from the Cali
fornian.and afterward began an investi
gation.- He believes Mendenhall is a vic
tim of "panel" workers. .
, Mendenhall stated that after he left the
Terminal : Hotel Tuesday afternoon he
met' a. friend at -the Laclede Hotel. The
detective thought this friend might have
taken the money from the mining pro
moter \ for safe keeping, but Mendenhall
said he was certain he had the money
in Ills . possession . after he. entered the
house at 2015 Chestnut street. He did not
know the name or give a description of
the; persons "whom 'he suspects took his
"roll." He said that he had eleven $100
bills, ten $50 bills anu a number of bills
of * smaller denomination, aggregating
$2000. all : of which' were taken. Silver in
his pockets amounting to $25 was not
molested/ Mendenhall telegraphed to San
Francisco, this morning for funds to en
able him to return home.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HAVANA. Aug. 12.— While high winds
and threatening conditions prevail in all
the provinces of Cuba; there have been
no reports up to to-night of any impor
tant damage. There was some destruc
tion of crops and small buildings in the
province of Pinar ,del Rio, where the
wind appears to have been strongest.
ble connection with all the islands of the
West Indies Is Intact, with the exception
of Jamaica, Martinique, Guadalupe and
Dominica.
From Any Province.
No Important Damage Reported
HIGH WINDS IN CUBA.
BANK NOTES
STOP FROM
MENOENHALL
LONDON, Aug. 12.— In the House .of
Commons to-night Gerald Balfour, prSsl
dent of the Board of Trade, moved that
the Houso approve the Government's
agreements with the Cunard Steamship
Company and* the International Marine
Company, providing for the use of the
British steamships in carrying the malls
and as auxiliary cruisers under certain
conditions.
Robertson ; entered an objection, and
moved an amendment "that the House re
grets tho arrangement with tho Cunard
Steamship Company without first ascer
taining the terms on which the Govern
ment's requirements might be met by
other companies."
Sir, Charles Dllke seconded Robertson's
amendment. His only objection to the
agreement with the Morgan combination,
he said, was that it was a bargain by. the
British Government with foreigners. The
combine, i^ever it had an element of danv
g«r, was now reduced to utter helpless
ness by the agreement.
After two hourslfof discussion Robert
son's amendment [ was defeated and the
agreements were approved.
Foreigners.
British Statesmen Object to Grant
ing Shipping Subsidies to
ATTACK THE AGREEMENT
WITH MORGAN'S COMPANY
,"Leischmaa was appointed Minister to
Switzerland in 1S37 without, having ,>ad
any previous experience in 'diplomacy.- He
was a millionaire mining king in Pennsyl
_yAnia, "and he had delved into Pennsylva
nia (polities': to ;soms. extent. He was
Quay's .' right-hand -man and very Inti
mately associated with the Cramps' ship
building concern. His appointment was
made directly through Quay's influence.
Lei sen man was transferred to Turkey in
1901. relieving: Minister Terrell."
. The special ¦ says that the President
sends -Foster .practically to supersede
Leischman, a sort of "Paramount Blount"
position. .He will investigate all the af
fairs of the mission and American inter
ests in Turkey, and his report to the Pres
ident will be most interesting. >
ROCK ISLAND
ADDS TO ITS
BIG SYSTEM
Roosevelt has determined to send
John W. Foster, one, of; the* most: versa-,
tile' diplomats 1 In the country, to.Constan-;
tinople to :stralghten, out the tangle' into
which Minister Leischman ' ha3 got
himself by his dilatory Inaction. -The
President is very much incensed at Leisch-,
man's failure to make: the. Sultan ., take
some decided action in the Tenikijian case
—that of tho 'American'- trained 'Armenian
teacher who was imprisoned and tortured
—and in the matter of the , payment of
Miss Ellen, M. Stone's ransom, which" has
been hanging fire for some time.-
In a T speciaj?frbm"
\ #.;.^ Oyster Bay, will say,to-rriorrow:
A-J "It is reported here that President
•j — : ~ ; . . : rv
President Is Displeased With Minister
Leischman's Inaction^
The southeastern portion of the Island
has been practically denuded of its crops,
the rivers are flooded and many men
were carried out to sea and drowned.
Considering the damage to- property dur
ing the hurricane, the loss of life was
comparatively small, though the present
estimate now is that the death list will
reach fifty. Hundreds of persons were
Injured and there were numerous hair
breadth escapes. The property loss is
estimated at $10,000,000.
The Norwegian steamer Salvatore dl
Giorgy was driven ashore at Annotta Bay
and lies in a dangerous position. Several
sailing vessels were wrecked on the north
side. It Is still stormy and threatening
and there are fears that there may be
a renewal/ of the storm.
Thousands of houses In Kingston were
damaged, the wharves were battered and'
several coasting vessels were sunk in
the harbor. Trade is practically at a
standstill. - '
The western end of the Island, which
it w*as at first supposed had escaped, also
suffered considerably. New banana plan
tations planted there were partly de
frayed-&nd the orange v anu coffee crops
were also injured.
The entire eastern end of the Island has
been devastated. Villages have .been
wiped out and public buildings and
churches destroyed. Thousands of the
peasantry were rendered homeless and
destitute and 'are wandering about seek
ing food and shelter. The destruction of
the banana plantations has been com
plete and the fruit trade is paralyzed for
the next -twelve months. Hundreds of
prosperous fruit growers liave been
brought to bankruptcy and ruin.
KINGSTON. Jamaica. Aug. 12.— The ef
fects of, the hurricane upon the island
of Jamaica were greater than at first be
lieved. Port Antonio, on the north coast,
was completely overwhelmed. Only six
houses were left standing there. The
United Fruit Company's wharves, offices,
hotel and plantations were utterly de
molished. Five of the company's steam
ers, including: the Simon Dunois, Alfred
Dunols and Brighton, were driven ashore,
but are lying-in easy positions. Port Ma
ria, another town on the north coast, also
suffered similarly. The coast is strewn
with wreckage of local sailing vessels.
It Is feared that the loss of life, has
been heavy, thirty fatalities having al
ready been reported, principally among
seamen.
ERIE, Pa., Aug. 12.— The Silver Spray,
a fishing boat owned here, came into
port this afternoon in a badl^r shattered
condition, owing to an encounter in mid
lake at about noon with the Canadian
revenue cutter Petrel.
The Canadian authorities have (or years
had trouble with American . fishermen
poaching on the Canadian 1 side of the
lake, and the Petrel is kept constantly on
the lookout for them. At noon she came
upon the Silver Spray on the Canadian
side of the lake, and at once ordered Cap
tain Chris Chau to stop. I The Petrel is a
strong steel craft and, it is said, attempt
ed to ram the American-boat before she
could comply with the order to stop. Cap
tain Chau decided to attempt to escape,
and started ahead at full speed.
The Petrel then oDened fire with all of
her guns and about twenty shots struck
the Silver Spray. Two shots struck the
pilot-house in which Captain Chau stood
at the wheel. One came' within a few
inches of Chau, scattering a myriad of
splinters around his' head. ; ..
That no one was killed is remarkable,
as two shots struck the cabin, two the
roof, three "the after hurricane deck, and
the others various parts of * the boat.
The chase was kept up for osme time,
but when Captain Chau got across the
boundary line the Petrel gave up the
pursuit." j •*
The only - man wounded <*n'',the - Silver^
'¦SprayHvas 1 KocTerJck Culvvr^Wtio was ' hit'
in the leg by a shot.. He Is now in the
hospital. . §
The fishermen say the Petrel- used her
, small deck cannon.
;¦ Captain Chau will report the affair to
the State Department in" "Washington, as
he says he was only, looking for some of
his nets which had drifted from this side
toward the Canadian shore.
Property Loss in the West
India Island Is Estimated
at 810,000,000.
Captain Denies Charge |pf
Poaching and Will De
mand Redress.
Fifty Persons Are Be
lieved to Have
Perished.
Although Riddled by
Solid Shot, the Small
. Craft Escapes.
Hurricane's Path
Strewn With
Wreckage.
Yankee Smack At
tacked by Cana
dian Cutter.
SHIP'S GUNS
THUNDER ON
LAKE ERIE
THOUSANDS
SHELTERLESS
IN JAMAICA
VOLUME XCIV— NO. 74.
The San Francisco CallGRAND OPERA SINGER. AND
TWO PEOPLE NOW APPEAR
ING HERE.
WASHINGTON. Augr. 12.— Secretary Shaw
to-day removed Mr. Cobb. 'the special architect
for the Chicago building. No causa was as
signed for this action.
REDDING. Aug. 12.— Manager I. O. JI11
son of the Gladstone mine, one of the
best paying gold properties In the French
Gulch district, discharged to-day at noon
seventy-five miners he had working and
closed down the mine. The miners had
demanded more wages, shorter hours and
recognition of their union. Jillson says he
would rather quit mining than grant the
demands and discharged the men before
they had an opportunity of walking out.
Refuse Demands of the Miners.
For bathlnfc. boating, black bass fishing, de
lightful climate and picturesque surroundings
go to Camp Vacation — so say a hundred mem
bers of the Camera. Club, who returned from
there Monday after a two days' stay. A visit
to Camp Vacation Is an open air outing (as
you live in tents). It Is a place where the ex
cellent meals give a zest to the keenest appe
tite. . . '
Camp Vacation.
NEW YORK, Aug. 12.— Despite the
strenuous objections of h'is family, Henry
Michael, an East Side merchant, has cele
brated his silver wedding, two years after
his wife's death. It Is said his two
daughters appealed to the police, who re
fused, however, to interfere.
According to Michael and his friends,
his married life was not a happy one. so
that he decided to celebrate the anniver
sary in his own way. Eight hundred
guests gathered in a hall rented for the
occasion. Seventy-five kegs of beer, 1750
bottles of wine and enough chickens, tur
keys, fish, soup, etc., to satisfy everybody
present were served as fast as they could
be consumed "and Michael footed the bill
of several thousand dollars. Many of
the deceased wife's relatives were pres
ent and said they coincided in Michael's
views. . , -
New York Merchant Takes His
Own Method of Recalling Un
happy Married Life.
CELEBRATES ANNIVERSARY .
THOUGH WIFE IS DEAD
Judge Bonnett then addressed Romain.
saying: "You are the object of a formal
identification." ;
"But this does not astonish me," an
swered Romain sarcastically.
Camille La Grande, a Government
architect, swore from a comparison of
the handwriting that Romain and Emile
d'Aurignac had each pla'yed the parts of
Robert and Henry Crawford.
PARIS, Aug. 12.— Witnesses at the
Humbert trial formally and positively
identified Romain and Emile d'Aurignac,
Madame Therese'3 brothers, as being the
men who impersonated the American mil
lionaires, Robert and Henry j Crawford.
Other witnesses testified that the signa
tures of the two Crawfords were exe
cuted by the two D'Aurignacs. Personal
identifications were given by a notary
named. Dupay and a court clerk named
Dehez of Bayonne. before whom the al
leged Crawfords took out legal papers
which were used in keeping oft the credi
tors of the Humbert family.
After Notary Dupuy had described the
visit to him of the alleged Crawford
brothers tho court directed Romain
d'Aurignac to stand up. The witness
then formally recognized Romain as the
one who had taken out the Crawford pa
pers. He was less sure about Emile.
D'Heese similarly gave a detailed identi
fication of Romain d'Aurignac.
"Inspect him closely," ordered the
Judge. "Do you formally recognize Ro
main d'Aurignac?*'.
"I am absolutely sure," answered the
witness.
Witnesses 7 Declare They Pre
tended to Be the
Crawfords.
Madame Humbert's Two
Brothers the Im
> pcroOnctljUro.
REVEAL IDENTITY
OF MILLIONAIRES
LONDON, Auk. 12. — Lord Curzon'g term of
office as '..Viceroy of India has beea extended
from January to May, 1004.
McGowan and Menshing were members
of a party of six laborers bound for the
wheat fields of the Dakctas. They en
tered a box car at Glendive. About four
miles out three masked men entered the
end door of the car. Two of them car
ried guns and one had a club and a light
ed candle. They began shooting as soon
as they entered the car. The laborers, in
stead of giving up, commenced pelting
them with rocks and the fight became
general. McGowan and Menshlng, after
being shot, opened the side door of the
car and jumped out, followed by other
laborers. Menshing later flagged the
North Coast limited and gave the alsrm.
Two of the would-be robbers have been
captured. *
Wounded: . William R. Menshln^ , of
Perham, Minn., shot through neck: re
covery doubtful. . * '-
GLENDIVE,' Mont., Aug. 12.— An at
tempted holdup occurred on an east
bound freight train east of here early to
day, as a result of which two men are
dead and another probably fatally
wounded,. The dead:
THOMAS , McGOWAN cf Philadelphia,
shot through right lung.
* An unknown man, found- in car at
Wibaux, Mont.
Two Men Bound for
Wheat Fields Are
§hot to Death. -
TRAIN ROBBERS
KILL LABORERS
Found Dead in Bed in His Boom.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 12.— The- dead
body of E. P. Woodruff of Salem,: Or.,
was found lying on the bed i in his room
at the Arcade Hotel this morning, death
having apparently resulted > from natural
causes. From letters found In : the man's
pockets it was learned *.' that '; he ;,was J a
brother- of J. M. 1 Woodruff,, senior mem
ber of the stove manufacturing firm ; of
Woodruff Bros, of Salem • *• '. ¦¦:.. _¦;
Jealous Indian Attempts Murder.
gANTA ROSA. Aug. 12.— As the result
of a combination of red wine and consid
erable Jealousy one Indian lies at death's
door from knife wounds, a squaw is se
verely wounded and another Indian is a
fugitive from Justice with officers on .hia
train. The fugitive Is Jim Miranda. The
Injured man is Bill Carey, and his atten
tions to Mrs. Miranda are alleged to-be
responsible for- the trouble.- Carey is
badly cut and may die. Mrs. Miranda's
wounds, are not so eeriou> . _^_ •
HARTFO RD « Conn - Au *- 12 -~" A blU ln
equity was filed to-day in the United
States Circuit Court here by the. Mer
cantile Trust Company of New York,
as trustee, against the United States
Shipbuilding Company and the Eastern
Shipbuilding; Company, incorporated un
drr the laws of New Jersey. ,Thfl de
fendants built the big steamship,Minne
sota for the Pacific carrying trade, which
was launched in May' last, and her sister
vessel, the Dakota, now, on, the stocks
at the Groton yards. The complaint sayg
the property of the two companies ,waa
merged in May, 1902. . Bonds < were issued
to the amount of ¦ $16,000,000. A mortgage
deed of trust was ; given to the plaintiff
to secure its holding of $10,000,000 worth of
thp bonds. Action is 'now- brought to
foreclose this mortgage. The writ is re
turnable the first Monday in September.
BUILDERS WANT MONEY
FOR THE MINNESOTA
Bill in Equity Is Filed Against the
, United States Shipbuild
ing Company.
Herr Von t=ow Dies
IJERLTff.Au jr. .3:'. i!err von Ixvetsow
f.Tfr.erljr'prc^fdcnt <-f the Reichstag, ik
IJONDON.'Aug. 12.— King Edward sailed
--day from Port Victoria, at the mouth
f Ihe. Thamcr. ou tbe royal yacht VIc
<>ria ard Albert, for FliiPhing, whence
<¦ will co tlirect to llaricnbad. to take
!<• waters fora fortnight. lie win travel
:^os;njto. as Duke of Lancaster, until
.ut'UEt 31, when he will proceed to' Vienna
o pay his visit- to i:n3i»eror Francis Jo
' i«li. .' * .
JZing Edward Incognito.
Washington — William P. C. Artarn?-. assignor
one-half to P. Barnes, Seattle, strap lock; Fred
erick Bahler, Spokane, draft tquatlzer; Arthur
L. Johnson, Seattle, ticket or-- card holder;
James G. Owen, South Bend, logging Jack. • '.
Oregon — Nicholas Hoftettler. Kugene, lo
cator for use in plant setting; Samuel P. Kim
ball, Salem, cultivator: Charles E. Morgan,
assignor one-half to H. D. Jones, Portland,
fattening; Busan A. Norwood, Portland, window
(•hade and curtain fixture: John C. Walter,
Athena. w*ed cutting machine.
Army orders: First Lieutenant Junius C.
Gregory, assistant nurgecn. to General ..Hospi
tal. J'rr*Idlo of >an Fraucifco; Captain Al«a P.
Berry. Tenth Infantry, from recruit service to
his K.niiVJil In the Department, ol. California:
Contract iJciUal Surgeons Kmmet J. Craig aild'
I>ouglas B.' 'Foster, now at San Krancieco, «o
temporary <3a«j^ Departm»nt of California anJ
to Governors Inland. N. Y.. respectively. • i
Patmts if»ued yesterday: California — Gerald'
l>. Abfll, Oakland, therapeutical apparatus;'
>Urc W. ¦ Beylik/Burbank. assignor to J. M.
t-herman. Krempnt, cetyl gualacyl and 'making
HUif; Ufnjamin B. Brewer and W. M. II. Bur
:«ln<l, ban Fraucisco, Apparatus for ewagins
KOld crowns (reissue): George W. Hrtmner, San
KranclFCO. heater.- Albert <:. Calkins. a»pi«n<n
to Calkins Co., IX'S . Angeles, <>$i»yerjk' . or*
crw!*r; i'atrlck K. I*undon, Kan Kraneluco,
< UU<.li for-'hoUtinff rriochlnts; ptho C, L)uryeaJ
Bi!d M. C. White. Hssfgnftd to National. Fr«-e
l'itton I-:ngla«.' Company. : LlmitM, Los Ant.i,t-.
• -out rolling rneanB for engines; George K.'-Kfc»r
hard, a*6ignor to Georg« V. Ebitrhnrd Cvtanknfi
fAB KranoiBCO, anirruil < trap; John -H. iHUvto.-
Kan Francisco, portable deck: Clarimce « . •. ;•;
llrh, San Francieco, wrewch ; George A^ W.
and J. H. 1.. Folkers. San Francisco, <Uvi<x- :or
fcharpenlng rawi; Lucien H. Handy. Sun Fran
cisco, and C. S. Hosford, Berkeley, assignors to
Golden Gate Novf-lty ManufaMuting Company,
Han Francisco, barglar alarm and eauh lock;
Charles H. Harger. Pan Francisco, hotel regis
ter; George Hrvepner. assignor to Union RcaM
and Manufacturing Company, 6an Francisco,
automatic weighing machine; James ilowden,
oecfaiw-d, 1j. S. Highton, San Francisco, admin*
lstralrtx. purifying alcoholic liquors; Henry
Kelly. Los AngelAi, aeslgnors to Kelly and
Taneyhlll Company, apparatus for drilling
wells; Ira B. Kllgor*. Concord, vineyard or
orchard cultivator; Giuseppe LAgomarslno, San
Francisco, apparatus for distributing powder
up-.n vin'F. plants or the like: Abraham B.
Ltpscomb. Yaeger, boot calk; Paul J. Lukes,
Balls Ferry, rail Joint; Jesse C. . Martin Jr..
Han Francisco, train pipe cpupllng; James U.
McFartand Jr., assignor one-half to J. Bruck
man. San Francisco, piston rod Joint; Amos C.
J. H. Mclntofh. Eureka, propeller: Theodore
Mcrris. San Francieco. machine for opening and
cleaning Ash; Mary E. Nicholl, Ka«t Oakland,
memor)«er; James W. Perkin?, San Jose, travel
ing connector for third rail electric xystems;
Oscar F. Plra and C. F. Salomonson, Oakland,
ore separator; August Seyfried, San Francisco,
amusement device; N»ttl« Temple, a Stockton,
corset; Alfonso A. Tregldgo, Bin, Francisco,
quicksilver furr.ar*; Morris C. White and O. C
Uuryea. assignors to National Free Piston Kn
gine Company. Limited. Lob Angeles, automatic
feed mechanism. ¦ . r
i'ostofnee Qiscontinurd. August 31: Califor
nia — <_*ollege\ilic, Han Joaquiif County, mail to
l»lli**orth. • - I •¦ ¦•
WASHINGTON. Aur. 12.— Postmaster com
miMloned: Oregon — Walter W. Kent. Drain.
Fourth-class postmasters appointed: Califor
nia—James P. Beard. Buckeye. Shasta County,
vice William Mason, resigned; S ten ton E.
Pmithson, MUlvllle, Shasta County, vice Wil
liam Morris, resigned; Frank Pfltrer. Volta,
Merced County, vice Edward B. Smallwood, re
fitned. /
Ilur&l free de!l\Try -will be established Sep
tember 15 at Woodland, Yolo County, CaL
The gross receipts of tho San Francisco" post
office Tor July were $118,172, an increase or
$14,514 ¦ovWJttl}'. J902. "•
Pc.«tofflres estaUifhed: Oregon— Crow, Lane
County (if!-**tabliiih^<l). Waahiiigton— Hazel.
Hriohoinish Cour.ty. Daclel A. MeManln pest-
ors of California, Oregon
and Washington.
Patents Are Issued to Many Invent-
OF INTEREST TO * PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
AMSTERDAM. Aug. 12.-Three hundred
Ar*Snesc were killed in a recent battle
with the Dutch at the village of Pooleon
:trga. in the middle of the island of
Sumatra. The Dutch lost an ofllcer and
¦mx men Hilled and an officer and fifty
men wounded. They captured the vil
i.-pe. I
THREE HUNDRED ACHINESE
ABE KILLED IN BATTLE
Dutch Soldiers in Island of Sumatra
Lose an Officer and Six
Men.
\ Especially Interesting will ,be : the
experiments in psychic ' manifestation,
by Dr. Mclvor-Tyndall at Btelnway
Hall, Sunday night Thought trans
ference,". telepathy, psychometry, and
the various phases of mental and
psychic phenomena, will ,; engage > the
.greater part of the evening. Tho aubject
of the • lecture . on < practical psychology , by,
the psycho-scientist -" will " be ,'*The " Mas
tery, of Fa te,".- in -which; the; question of
how. to overcome, enviroiiment and inher
ited tendencies, will be"dealt with.' - ; j .
•; • . '•
The Italian grand opera singers, who
will soon appear at the Tlvoll Opera
house, are now on their way to this: city
to open ah extended engagement Among
their number is Tina de 8pada, the fav
orite little singer who made*such*a hit
here at' the last season at the Tivoll. She
has a host of admirers here and will re
ceive quite ¦ an ovation on the opening
night . "-:
• • -. •
Little Blossom, the coon song shouter;
Lester and Curtln, the acrobatic comedi
ans, and other clever people are pleasing
large audiences at the Chutes these days
and nishts.
The Central Theater is doing immense
business this .week with the highly sensa
tional melodrama, "Man's. Enemy." Next
Monday, night, as a special Grand Army
week attraction, the thrilling Civil War
drama,' "Cumberland '61."". will'.: be given.
• V*- l »"Vvt : *
If the crowds that are packing Fischer's
Theater to the walls every night are any
criterion, then the double bill of "Quo
Vass Iss" and "The Big Little Princess"
will b« one of the record breakers at this
house. . • •
The Orpheum has been doing a gala
business this week, hundreds of people
contenting themselves with standing
room at every performance.
These are- the last > nights of White
Whlttlesey at the Alcazar Theater, and
he is doing some splendid work In the
leading role of "The Three Musketeers."
• * *
"The Highwayman" has entered u?on
Its last week at ' thd, Tlvoll Opera-house
and thfc crowds are packing the popular
theater for otie more' glance at the show
that has charmed bo many. ";^V
"In Harvard" has proved to be one of
'the strongest bills of the musical ! com
edy line -ever presented before an audi
ence at the Grand Opera-house. Raymond
and Caverly, Cherldah Simpson and the
remainder of the superb cast are all seen
at their best. ,
The Neill-Morosco Company has won
additional honors In the superb production
of Robert Marshall's charming comedy
romance, "A Royal Family," which is the
attraction at the California this week.
On Sunday night, as the attraction for
Grand Army week, the Neill-Morosco
Company will present "Shenandoah," the
greatest of all war plays.
Ezra Kendall and his company in "The
Vinegar Buyer" have, had a successful
run during their engagement at the Col
umbia. The last performance of "The
Vinegar Buyer" will be given on Sunday
night.
formances to be inaugurated at
the Columbia Theater next Monday night
will arrive this morning from New York.
The two Btars and a selected cast will
appear during the first week In George
Bernard Shaw's four-act play, "The Dev
il's Disciple," and as it will be the first
presentation here of the piece there will
be additional interest in the bill. . The
company supporting Mr. Miller and Miss
Anglin this season was organized in New
York and London and at the conclusion
of -the season here will tour the principal
cities eastward.
• • • •
HENRY MILLER, Margaret Ang
lin Ind the big company of play
ers to appear fn their support
during the season of forty per-
The Ite\V C. T. Walker, D. £>..' of New
York delivered an interesting: lecture last
t?vrning at the Third Baptist Church.' 518
Powell- street, on :'Forty . Y.ears. of .Free
dom for Ah?.-.. American y-Jegrp-^HIs.- Hin
tffaijce and -Progress.", • ; • -.
... Tho l^ctpref paid" iii 'part: .. '' v
Thls'is the' mOBt critical period.' of . our. hi«
iofv ' Thi» ' is' i" period of adjuntmpnt. We
muit continue our. dev«lODrnent In education.
iiidu*tcy and commerce. • ¦ m • -. • ' ,¦
¦¦' Bplrltual Intellectual, moral and " material
development, will -mak« a ireat race, v L«et .us
learn.the importance, of .race. unity, A. divided
pzopl* will of necessity be a weak and help
lt«n> people. " : - ¦ ¦ •' ¦ -v - • > - .-
The-tbre* «r»at ¦ p»lat» ot the Anerlcan re
public are: ."Equality of rights, community
of Interest arid "rtclDrocity of ' duty." "'If we
would taK**. ft prominent, place In; the ;tralaxy
of ¦ race*.- ¦ let us have Intellectual, moral,
spiritual and- financial strength. the*e achieve
ments will win' resect.- remove barriers and
will make 'uh victorious and indestructible.
Colored People.
Hey. C...T. Walker of.; New York
Speitks on the Condition of the
SAYS RACE , UNITY IS
¦ VITAL TO THE NEGRO
"More morality, less prejudice, ¦¦ stricter
law. quickly applied: fair play to negro
and white and both -the race question and
the mob problem will assume less dan
gerous dimensions," -said Dr. .Babbitt In
conclusion. . . * ¦
CHAUTAUQUA, X. Y., Aug. 12.— Rev.
Dr. Dean Richmond Babbitt, rector of the
Cburph of the jSpiphany, Brooklyn, an
sw"ered John Temple Graves of Georgia
In an elaborate address * to-day at' 1 * the
Chautauqua Assembly on lynchings and
mobs, from an American standpoint. Dr.
Babbitt's address was the chief one of
to-day on mobs. He contrasted the view
of lynching justified by Graves with what
he called the "more general and the bet
ter view of the American nation," and
showed the prevalence and increasing vio
lence of the mob spirit, its tendency to
leap the color line and lynch for minor
offenses than for rape and murder. He
dwelt on the phraseology of the mob and
gave the Wilmington lynching of the ne
gro. White, as typical and denounced the
officials who refused to protect any pris
oner of any color or for/ any crime. He
paid a glowing: tribute to order and .law
as represented in Governor Durbln and
Governor Yates of Indiana and Illinois,
respectively, and upheld President Roose
velt in his r'ecent letter on lynchings.
Ly.nchers, the speaker \ declared,, "were
plain, brutal, savage _• murderers; should
be treated as such by the authorities and
by all* worthy to bear the name of Amer
ican, citizens.
Rev. Dr. Babbitt Replies
to John Temple
Graves.
APPLAUDS STAND
OF PRESIDENT
n -the country always alarm the ranch
rn. who cannot forget the terrors of the
Me rebellion.
h, but the presence of hostile Indians
pursue the Indians with the inadequate
rcrcts at thtir command. ~*l:ey learned
that the same band of Yaquis had at
tacked a Mexican ranchtr near Wiiliard
Stattnn the day before, overpowering him
»nd robbing him of his money and all of
the arms and ammunition in his posses
*icn. This is the first banrl of hostile In
iMans to venture into this section for
*uine time and the authorities believe
that they came up on a raid from the
Ya«jul River country and immediately re
turned to their hiding places in the
f'Tra. Ma,dre Mountains.
The report of their visit spread like
wi^jlSre and caused great alarm, but as
r:o." further depredations have been torn
mtjied and the authorities have taken
Ftrps to prevent another raid the Mexican
ranchers feel reasonably safh from fur
ther attack. A great many Yaqui Indians
arf employed in the mines and on the
ra riches, -tout they have remained unusu
:il!>' <juiet since the last insurrection and
i-how no inclination to take to the »ar-
j;nd stages carrying American rainers and
«, Iterators, puss over the same road every
t ay,, but -none have been mok^ted. As far
as can be Uarned from the passengtr.
who survived the Indians' attack, the
i aquis swooned down oh the s-tage in a
lonely" spot about half way between Zu
btate and La Colorado. The road winds
ihrougii. hills axul mountains and the spot
¦elected was an ideal one for the attack,
'j he driver was shot from ambiish and
i ell back on the seat dead. The passen
par was Struck by a stray bullet and fell
tack unconscious, while the Yaouis
rubbed* him and took everything of value
aboard, the stage. They followed their
usual custom of cutting the traces and
iurmnc the horses loose, leaving the
:tag« ffc-i.i. where the holdup had taken
place. .
Tlif t*25».e was discovered less than two
1 < •— s lai«x by a passing horseman, who
pave the alarm and summoned aid from
a ranch a few miles away. The autliori-
Ltca decided that it would be- useless to
relieved of his money and valuables and
me stage had bft-n looted of everything
cT -value.- Both the driver and passenger
were Mexicans.
The ' Yaquis rarely . molest Americans
t-snd. of .YaQUl Indians has taken to the
warpath in the vicinity of La Colorado,
Scnura. and that a private sta:;e between
Zubiate and La Colorado was held up on
Tuesday, the driver killed and the only
j.ii£seng»»r left for dead alter lie had been
GI'AVMAS. Mexico, Aug. 12— A special
i the Sonora Daily Mai states that a
i-|>etiii! Disrat'h to The Call
Authorities Decide That It Would Be
Useless to Pursue Murderers
With Small Force at
Command.
Rob Their Victims and Then
Flee to Sierra Madre
Mountains.
> . , , — ; — .;
LONDON, Aug. 12.— A dispatch from
the British Consul General at Odessa tor-
I warding the report made by the_ British
! Consul, V. Bosanquet, ovho was sent spe
j dally to Kishenev to obtain the/facts re
; carding the recent anti-Jewish riots there,
j is published to-day.
Bosanquefs report, which is dated July
i 26. generally agreed; with the stories of
! the occurrences cabled to the Associated
! Press. It says:
The ar*a of • the disturbunefs comprisfd two
' lhird« of th* town of Ktshenev. Ttie murderfc
\ ai\ occurred on Mi»n«iay. the second day of ths
' disturbances. Thfy were precipitated by bands
' of rioters In <ilff<rent pane of the town. Many
i believed they were the work of organized
; comiMinics. which fact aij?u>s In favor of a
i jTearranstd conspiracy to exterminate the
1 Jews. If this belief it not accepted, the riots
must be attributed to the articles in the I5es
earabeiz. the anti-Semitic ortan-In KUhenev.
I to the unfounded report of the Jewish murder
of a Christian priest, to the wine drunk .early
on M> inlay ami to the belief which se«ms to
have grown witn the continued Inaction of thfe'
authorities that the latter wished the Jews ip
be massacred cr had even expected It. Ai>-
I>ar*-ntly, a feeling existed among the lower
eUfStS'.tfeat the Jews oUfht not tu be in • the
rnajcrity lit Kishenev. .
The local authorities tock no effective istep
to stop the riote. The soldiers were passive
if not sympathetic spectators. The police con
tented themselves with the arrest of minor
criminals until 4 o'clock j In the afternoon,
when the Governor, who had remained at
hume, telephoning ordeis which were disre
garded, at length ventured to eign the reces
rary order for the troops to be employed. The
one ca*e I heard of in which .the latter used
their weapons was when they bayoneted a
Christian who w-as pursuing a Jew with stones.
This boy was th? only Christian killed during
the disturbances. If resolute action had been
taken by the authorities 1 believe the riots
wuuld have been checked at an early stage.
Bosanquet places the Jewish victims at
forty-one killed and thirty wounded, while
among the Christians one was killed and
twenty-eight wounded. Inquiries show, he
said, that three women were violated, but
this may well represent a small fraction
of the actual number, since the Jewish
women naturally remain silent for their
own £akes, as under the Mosaic law di
vorce must follow violation. The Vice
Consul heard of the assault of a girl 12
years old and- of others aged 13. but this
was only hearsay. Mutilation and delib
erate torture of the victims, he said, does
not seem to have been practiced. Thougrh
there were undoubtedly great barbarities,
he only knows of one ca?e of mutilation,
when a man's eye was put out with a
nail. He iuard stories of mutilation after
death and of a child being torn limb
from limb, but he considers the latter
story to be very improbable considering
that only two little children appear to
have perished. Bosanquet pays a tribute
to Prince Urusoff, the new Governor of
Bessarabia, who, he says, helped him
with every means in his power. The
Vice Consul adds:
On the arrival of the new Governor, who Is
doing all he can to gain the confidence of the.
Jewish population, matters began to improve"
and the commercial life of the town was re
sumed. A newcomer visiting. the Jewish quar
ter can »ee no signs of a stoppage of business.
an'i it is hoped that Jewish commercial affairs
are In a fair way to regain their prosperity,
though they have not yet entirely recovered.
The Jew* place their lotses at 2.000.C00 rubles,
but thin figure is probably an exaggeration:
About SSO rioters were arrested and 306 were
punished on minor charges, while 216 were
acquitted. Three hundred and sixty rioters
will be tried at Tiraupol in October, of which
number 100 are charged with murder in addi
tion to other crime*. If they are found guilty
they will be sentenced to penal servitude on
the island of Sakhalin. ' ¦
Penal Servitude the Lofc of
the Perpetrators of
. ., the jCrimse.
Hostile Yaquis Fire on
Private Stage Near
Zubiats.
Makes Formal Report
of Massacre of
the Jews;
KILL DRIVER
AND WOUND
PASSENGER
BRITISH CONSUL
TELLS OF RIOTS
THE SANv-FRANCISCO CALL, THUB SPA T,- AUGUST 13, 1903.
Neill-Morosco Company Plans a Revival of V'Shenandoah in Honor
of Grand Army Veterans— -"The Highwayman," "In Harvard"
and "The Three Musketeers" Are All Playing to Large Houses
HENRY MILLER AND MARGARET ANGLIN
ARE COMING BACK TO THE COLUMBIA
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
dr.;kerce's remedies.
GJtiLL WINDS
Are the dread of those whose lungs are
''weak.* Some fortunate people can
follow the summer a? it goes southward,
! escape the cold blasts of winter and
thr chill airs of spring. But for the
majority of people this is impossible.
*PT?s. • F* 2 ?^ cares and
• fiti^ business obliga-
¦4%£M tioD 5 hold them
V /$&bZ "Weak "lungs
\fi"'''-.'< are made strong-
X '-?>' 1 *? tne use °^ r -
Apffl* jSjjk • Tierce's Golden
EsSes jSa Medical Discov-
ffi|»Bi '>^J •'-:¦ It cures the
Ssi-J-'- : * obstinate cough,
fe'r^^ s: :'$f£$L heals the in-
i wSSRSSsBi^^. nstned tissues,
V- --' '- '^ *^^W st0 P 3 the hera-
jK^'^ '->'¦'. orrhage, and re-
; ;.'. -¦ ?^'; *8BBB^ stores the lost
i i -' i V_^; HSflcsh to the ema-
£&sK&'^'* j.^2^5^ciated body.
• KSSBkGj! •?¦* Z$3l "I e=Q a railroad
JfMtWSfflMKM agent." writes I. B.
T^BgBKftjfir^ Sta Pl", Esq.. of
jj^*j&^gp>' F ' Barclay. Osage Co..
jj Kans.. "and four
. f I ZV^ n , "5° m T work
*^^jr«t warm room and
WB^ steppisg out fre-
t ' cucntly iato the
cold rj gave ae bronchitis, which became
chronic and deep seated. Doctors (ailed to
rwh lay case and advised me to try a higher
c:r. jsut, fcrtuiuttely for me. a friend afto advised
rue to try Dr. Pierce't medicine*. • i commenced
tpkic^yonr 'Goldea Medical Discovery.' and bv
tue time I had taken the first bottle I was bet-
ter, tad after taking about four bottles my
cough was entirely gone. I have found no ne-
ccs&ity tor eeeking another climate."
Sometimes a dealer, tempted by the
little more profit paid on the sale of less
meritorious medicines, "will offer the
customer a substitute as being '"just o«
good ¦ ac the " Dison-ery."
You get tlie People's Common Sriii.^
rledical Adviser, the best medical work
crrttr published, free by sending stz:::p3 f
to 'pay expense of mailing only. Send
21 oce-cent stamps for. book in paper
covers, or 31 stamps for cloth-bound vol-
smc, to Dr. R. V. Pierce, Bafialo, N. Y,
Gash treatment
without
Furniture, carpets, curtains
» This is the proposition : You want to fur-
nish a home. You haven't enough ready cash
to pay in full when the goods are delivered,
jencc you're compelled to buy "on time." Yet
you dislike trading in an out-and-out install-
, , ment store. How are you going to get the
easy - payment accommodation and still buy
your goods in one of the big first-class stores?
We offer you the way.
We loan you the money, charging simply
the regular banking rate ol interest — six per
cent. You 'go then to one of the big,- first-
class furniture stores where the stock is big
and fresh, and where satisfaction is certain ;
and when you have made your selections pay
your bill in good, hard cash. .
The installment stores charge you ten per
cent above their cash prices for time. All you
pay us is six per cent. The actual saving to
you is FOUR PER CENT.
For instance:/ If your purchases amount to
; $100.00 we ywill charge you $106.00 — which is a
six per cent advance; then you pay us $20.00
cash and the balance in monthly payments
amounting to $8.60 each month. If your pur-
chases amount to $75.06 we will charge you
$79.50; you make us a cash payment on this
of $15.00 and pay the balance at the easy rate
of $645 per month.
% Investigate this— it will pay you.
.'o — — — — . 1 ; ¦ —j —
Gould, Sullivan Co.
Suite I403t05 "CaH" Braiding, SJKat.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
j^^^^^MJ iV J I V ta 1%
EggEr 1 l ILLS
8I0K HEAOMII
Positively cured by these
tittle Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsfc,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
aess, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tonguo
Pain in the Side, TORPID UVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small PHI. Small Dose.
Small Price -
BEERS I
I Famous the • World fl
I Over— Fully Mature dJ I
I JTold EVtrptuhtrti -J
B HILBEKT MERCANTILE CO.. ¦ M
8 Pacific Coast Agents. E
'¦:¦¦ \c i\'J- i \v. y ' . Ni : •¦•> \s.£*-l \ V 1
V; . ¦ ¦ ¦•¦ . ""¦**•>«-¦?.¦.»>»«-»* •. '.-.-.% .*Jn*v*^ &
Body 80 laches Ion*. 7 Inches deep; lK-tach
axles, loss; distance; wheela lVi-lnch; A-grad*
springs, oil tempered; nicely trimmed and fin-
ggac^fj?..^* 649.50
Allison, Neff & Co.,
222 MISSION STREET,
San Francisco* CaX. \ . ".-.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
tor ana Nervine.
The most worMerful aohrodlslae and Special
Tonic for the Csa^'l Organs, for both sexes.
> The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of th»
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells en its own merits.
NABER. AL.FS & BRCNE. Agents.
823 Market St.. 3. F. — (Send for Circulars.)
STATE ME l^T
OP THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIBS
NORTHERN
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF LONDON. ENGLAND. ON THE 31 ST
day of December. A. D., 1902. and for «!•
year ending on that day, as made to the Insur-
ance Commissioner of the State of California.
pursuant to the provisions of section* 610 and
611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL*
Amount of Capital Stock paid up
iaCMh $ 1.800.000 00
ASSETS. .
Real Estate Owned by Company.. $ 2,622,00ft S3
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 1,292.679 15
Cash market value of all Stocks
" and Bonds owned by Company. 20.921.6*3 10
Amount of Loans secured by
% pledge of Bonds. Stocks and
other marketable securities as - .''
collateral 3.161, 2S1 25
Cash in Company's Office 8.738 «7
Cash In Banks ". 035,779 94
Interest du« and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans .- 2&4.073 93
Premiums in due Course of Col-
lection 190.043 44
Bills receivable, not matured S3. 401 94
Rents due and accrued 6,327 90
Reversions owned absolutely by •
the Company 2,014,768 33
Due from other companies and
from agents 1.239.040 M
Stamps i.73j> 55
Total Assets $32,481.76« 4S
LIABILITIES. '
Losses adjusted and unpaid.
Losses ln process of adjustment .
or in suspense , $ 494,102 94
Locses resisted, including ex-
Gross premiums on " Fir* Risks - -
running one year cr less;
$ ; reinsurance 50 per
cent ••.•«•••••*..•••••••••... * 2.400 91 1 4w '
rots Premiums on Fire Risks
running more than one year
S ; reinsurance pro rata. -
lability under Lire Department.. Z1.746.S0T M
Cash dividends remaining unpaid. 11.947 23
Bills payable 1.055 23
All other liabilities .-. 268.343 13
¦¦
* Tctal liabilities: 124.922.373 42
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for
Fire premiums $ 4,S01.Sp3 93
et cash actually received for Life t.^
premiums 1.335,533 39
eceived for Interest and dtvi- ¦.
dends on Bonds. Stocks, Loans. .„.,„„
and, from all other sources 1.0S8.467 83
Received for Rents JP' 66 ? 9 X
Received for sale of Annuities. .. 338.U3 83
Total Income *_7.573.63«_ia
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including (. losses of pre-
vtous years) ? -,*S3,404 14
Net amount paid for Life losses
(including * losses of pre-
vious years) 1.308.913 71
Dividends to Stockholder* .... 4S1.3GS 00
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage • • . - • • • 781.793 32
Paid for Salaries. Fees *nd other
charges for ofneem. clerks-, etc. 831.201 43
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 12S.399 11
All other payments and expendi-
tures 363.23* «8
Total Expenditures t 6. 182. SOB 08
FIRE.
Losses incurred during tbe year. -I 2.331. «g 35
Risks and Premiums. Flr« Risks. . I Premiums.
Net amount of JUsks
written duricS the
year H.563.827.047 $4,801,828 93
Net amount of Risks
- expired during the
"ar U1T. 194.342 4.443.70153
Net amount in force
December 31. 1902. 1.042.331.363 3,201.219 28
"~~* W. E. HUBBARD. Chairman
H. EL WILSON. General Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 9th
day of April. 1S03.
aa * . II. G. BISHOP. Notary Public.
WESTERN DEPARTMENT,,
Monadnock Block, Chicago.
G. H. LEBMIT, Manager.
SAN FRiflCISCO BRANCH OFFICE, "
¦230 California Street.
WALTER J/WILSON, Ewidenfc'Managv.
AHPEL & BBUCKMAN, City Agents
209 Sansome Street.
Telephone Main 57fti,
IbsssssCT^1bMIbsssssssssssssMbssssWIb»» —Jf1*ssssshi—s»m* 1 A -- — .itvVjRVs!A turbine engine for. trans-Atlantic busi
ness will be fully tested by Sir Christo
pher Furness.
Rodrigue Sues for Writ.
Michael T. Rodrigue sued for a writ of
review of the proceedings of the Board
of Civil Service . Commissioners. • He
claims they erred in failing to declare his
appointment as ordinary clerk permanent.
'James Reilly, 329 Tehama street, found
J. P. Hyland, a' drunken sailor/ prowling
around his kitchen early yesterday morn-
Ing. He called Policeman Morlarty, who
placed" Hyland j under arrest and booked
him on a charge of burglary. The case
was called before Police % Judge Mogan
yesterday, and as Reilly refused to prose
cute It was dismissed. Hyland "paid he
was so drunk that he did not know what
be was doing and the policeman corrobo^
rated him as to his condition.
He Was Not a Burglar.
Revolutionists Well Armed.
VIENNA. Aug. 12.— Statements from
Bulgarian sources assert that the revo
lutionists possess 35,000 rifles, 15,000.000
cartridges and four tftns of dynamite;
that the; insurgents number 25.000. of
whom 10 000 are in the vilayet of Monastir.
Albanians Wound a Pasha.
CET'lNJE, Montenegro, Aug. 12.— It is
rumored that Feric" Pasha, while leaving
Epek with Turkish . troops, was attacked
by Albanians and severely wounded.
Ten- Year-Old Boy. Kills Himself.
HAVRE, Mont.. Aug. 12.-\Vhlle the
members of John Chester's family were
greeting; him", on his return homo 'from a
Journey William, his; ten-year-old, son,
lay down on the ground, placed the muz
zle of ~a rifle In, his mouth. Dulled the
trigger* with his toe and blew off the top
of his ". head. • What prompted the lad to
the deed Is not "stated. The Chesters' live
on a ranch Just across the Canadian line.'
PHOENIX. A. T.. Aug. 12.— James
Gould, who killed Frank B. Caldwell near
Bowie about three weeks ego. was arrest
r-d Sunday in a camp In the Swtsshelm
Mountains, Southern Arizona. He was
f-urprised by Ranger Allison and Deputy
Sheriff Slaughter and made no resistance.
He was taken to the Tombstone jail.
Gould admits the killilng. but claims self
defense.
Fugitive Murderer Is Captured.
man. who had been reported to him from
St. Louis, Chicago and other parts as
one who had preyeiT-upon the generosity
of numerous and divers graduates of the
distinguished university.
"Seventy or one hundred dollars," mur
mured Eells. "Most decidedly; anything
for a brother of a classmate of mine.
Pardon me for a moment, Spauld
ing, while I get the amount,"
saying which Edls left his vis
itor, went Into another office, telephoned
Captain Martin, got word that Detective
Ed Gibson would respond in person to
the call and with little delay returned to
keep the much named man in conversa
tlon until the arrival of the detective.
A SMOOTH TALKER.
"Spaulding" proved to be a fluent and
smooth conversationalist and entertained
Eells until Gibson walked in and took the
stranger into custody.
A telegram was sent to the Chief of
Police at St. Louis, where "Spaulding" Is
alleged to have made himself perfectly
at home at the expense of numerous Yale
graduates, but up to yesterday no' word
had been received in reply.
Captain Martin said he would* liberate
the man this morning should he receive
no tidings from official quarters at St.
Louis.
The captain admits that Kelly, or
Spaulding, or Carver, or Gilford, had ad
mitted to him that he had been beatlnjj
his way from place to place and getting
money under false representations as
charged.
When arrested he gave his name as P.
J. Kelly and when seen yesterday main
tained- that Kelly is his right name. He
denied that his name is Carter or that he
comes from Lynn. He gives it out that
he is of good family and consequently
will have nothing to say as regards his
life or his birthplace.
His answers are ready and he Is evi
dently a man of varied experience.
CLAIMS SHE WAS DESERTED
THREE DAYS AFTER WEDDING
Marie Peltier Sues Her Husband for
8100 a Month Main
tenance. . ¦
In a suit for maintenance llled yester
day by Marie Peltier against her hus
band John, who is In the asphaltum roof
ing business, she alleges that he has not
provided for her since the 8th inst., when
she says he deserted .and abandoned her.
She had been his wife but three days
when the alleged abandonment, occurred,
they having been married at Redwood
City on the 5th inst.
Mrs. Peltier says her husband can
easily afford to pay her $1CO a month, for
his business yields an income of $250 a
month. She asks to be . awarded that
amount and $250 for counsel f«ea.
Major General MacArthur has ordered
that First Sergeant Marlln C. Jones be
released from the Presidio guardhouse,
where he was confined on a charge of
securing money from other enlisted men
as pay for not enforcing the regulations.
Jones is a member of the Seventieth
Company. Coast Artillery, and has a
reputation for being very strict with his
subordinates.
Some time ago several of the company
men complained that the first sergeant
was getting a rake-ott from all gambling
game« and was selling excuses rrom
duty. Major Hobbs Investigated the mat
ter and a court-martial was ordered. Cap
tain Burgess and Lieutenant Lewis, both
of the Artillery Corps, were chosen re
spectively president and Judge ' advocate
of the court. The witnesses called by
both sides numbered more than a score
and tbe testimony of the defense and the
prosecution was largely contradictory.
Jones was convicted by the court, but
General MacArthur deems the evidence
insufficient and directs that the prisoner
be allowed to go free.
MACARTHUR OVERRIDES
VERDICT OF THE COURT
Department Commander Directs That
Artillery Sergeant Jones Be
Given His Freedom.
i That anxious desire, accompanied with
the reason that it was made through the
non-arrival of his uncle, which delin
quency on the part of his relative had
placed him in a temporary but acutely
embarrassing petition, determined Attor
ney Eells to make a grand swocp on the
His resemblance to Roland Spaulding,
whose brother he claimed to be, is strik
ing and for a while left Eells in some
doubt about the case. Soon, however,
any doubt that was arising In hi3 mind
in favor of the sinewy young man was
quickly and emphatically dispelled when
he alarmed the attorney by making a re
quest for a trifling loan of $70 or $100.
ASKS FOB A LOAN.
Unfortunately for "Spaulding of Lynn,
Mass.," Eells, who is secretary of the
Yale University Association of this city,
had been made acquainted with the an
tics and fraudulent manner of obtaining
money of a young man who answered the
description of the visitor, but young Eells
bided his time and coaxed the pseudo
"Spaulding" along in conversation until
he made admissions which, left no doubt
In the mind of Eells th*t the man be
fore him was "Carter of Lynn. Mass.,"
who had called himself "P. J. Kelly" and
"W. D. Gilford."
man of a freight train, hair Jet
black and wavy, and with eyes as dark
and piercing as those attributed to the
gypsy tribe, stalked into the office of At
torney John Shepard Eells on Monday
afternoon and, claiming to be the brother
of E. Spaulding, a classmate cf Eells and
graduate of Yale, '90, received what he
considered a delightful and flattering
greeting.
A SWARTHY complexioned young
man. about five feet ten inches
in height, dressed something
after the pattern of a brake-
SUAVE YOUNG EASTERNER WHO HAS BEEN OBTAINING MONEY
FROM YALE MEN UPON PRETENSE THAT HE IS A BROTHER OF
WELL-KNOWN GRADUATE OF THAT COLLEGE.
To-nterht a banquet was given by Wa
nonah Council of Sacramento in honor of
the visiting numbers of the Degree of
Pocahontas.
The Degree cf Pocahontas elected the
following officers to-day: Great prophet
r?s. Kate Wilson: great Pocahontas. Min
r.ie Belts; great War.onah. Annie M.
Bliss; grtat Minnehaha. Jennie Grase;
gTeat keeper of records. E. J. Brazile;
great keeper of wampum. K. A. Keane;
trustees— Louise Thiele, Kate Cun-
T.ingham, Emma Hunt.
To-rr.orrow the place for holding the
next Great Council is to be selected, with
Nevada City a strong candidate for the
honor.
J. Samuels cf San Francisco Is
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 12.-The Great
Council of the Red Men elected the fol
lowing cOcers to-day: Great prophet, J.
R. Tyrrell of Grass Valley; great sachem.
J. Samuels of San Francisco: great senior
Fagamore, C. S. Davis of Angels Camp;
creat junior sagamore. A. D. Mason of
Nevada City; great chief of records. Por
trr L. Bliss of San Francisco: great
keeper of warr.puai, A.'. J. Smith of San
Krancisco: preat trustees — Charles Fow
ler. J. H. Rippe. J. O'Gara; great repre
sentatives—Harry Hutaff, Edward Con
nelly. Fred Brandt. J. R. Tyrrell.
To-r.igfct thore was an outdoor initiation
at Sutter's Fcrt. the place being decked
with shade trees in imitation of a forest.
Chosen Great Sachem by
the Council.
BED MEN ELECT OFFICEBS
FOB THE COMING TERM
Austrian-Lloyd Steamer - Pounders.
TRIESTE. Austria.' Aug. 12.— The Aus
trian-LJoyd steamer Poseiden to-day
foundered on the Syrian coast. Her pas
sengers and crew were saved.
VALLEJO, Aug. 12.— The yacht Heine
that went down Sunday afternoon with
four prominent, residents of Vallejo. all
of whom were drowned, was located last
evening opposite Eppingers' warehouse.
The depth of the water where the yacht
sunk Is eighty-five feet. None of the bod
ies have ! been recovered.
Yacht Heine Is Located.
EUREKA. Aug. 12.— Willie Carr. th«
5-year-old son of Charles Carr of Rhoner
ville, this coqnty, shot his 3-year-old
brother Tommy through the chest with a
revolver last night. The wounded child
is in a Very critical condition.
Nine-Tear-Old Boy Shoots Brother.
mountains giving San Jose and other
coast cities a direct road to the Tosemlte
Valley via Modesto. .
MODESTO, Aug. 12.— Trie Supervisors
of this county, urged"- by the Board of
Trade, ttys afternoon appropriated $12,000/
as a bonus to a combination of mining
compares of the Coast Ranee Moun
tains to build a road from the mines to j
Westley. this countv, and to erect re- i
duction works and fire brick . and tiling
factories at Westley. The combination Is
composed of the Martel Mining Company,
owner of the Red Mountain District Mag
nesite Quarries: the James Manganese
Mining Company and the Phoenix Quick
silver Mining Company, of which E. P.
Kewhall and Alvinza Hayward are the
promoters. The companies agree to build
the road and erect works and 'factories
at a cost of $100,000. Work is to be pushed
ahead immediately.
This will also mean a read over the
Supervieors of Stanislaus County
Give Them a Bonus to Coni
rjlete the Work.
MINE OWNERS Ty " BTJIIiD
A ROAD INTO WESTLEY
Mrs. Bailey ira» found unconscious In
her room yesterday at 1 o'clock and taken
to the Emergency Hospital. She died five
hours later.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 12.— Mrs. jessle
Bailey, a waitress, died yesterday sfter
r.oon at the Emergency Hospital after
fc«A-s>re,l doctors had worked over her for
hours and It was announced that her
death had resulted from morphine polson-
Injr. It was seemingly a plain case of
BUlclfl*. although no known motive exist
ed. A* a result of an autopsy made to-
Cay evlCence was discovered which lnSl
cates that the woman may have been
murdered end until the chemical analysis
of the stcrriach and intestines of the de
eeaeed Js completed It will not be known
whether ehe took poison. The discovery
was made by accident at an undertaking
establishment, the undertaker finding
that the weman had & broken rib.
When Ceroner Trout was notified he or
dered an autopsy, which showed that
thre* of the woman's ribs were broken
end that death had resulted from paraly
e!s cf the^heart, in the opinion of the au
topsy surgeon, caused by a' heavy blow
over the heart. The fact that there was
no cxtrrior bruise over the broken ribs
has caused the authorities to hesitate
ebout accepting the murder theory, for it
Is possible that the ribs might have &««n
fractured at the hospital, where several
physicians applied artificial respiration to
the woman for nearly five hours, think
ing she had taken morphine. In this
wcrk she may have been roughly handled,
as is frequently done to restore the spark
cf life to a poisoned person. .The hospital
physicians knew. nothing about the fiac
t»red ribs until notified by the Coroner.
The detectives have taken Into custody
a man named Weber, who will be held
until the case is investigated. He is
known to have spent Tuesday night in the
«OTEan'» room and to have been friendly
•with her for months. He has admitted
having seen her with another man. who,
et sight of him. left her. The officers be
lieve that Weber may have quarreled
with the woman and struck her a violent
blow ever the heart with his fist, but he
denies this, although he practically ad
mits that they quarreled. He thinks she
tock poison following the quarrel. The
puzzling feature about the case is the ab
sence of any bruise on the body.
'Dr. G. W. Campbell, former Coroner,
who performed the autopsy, declared to
r.ipht that the woman's nb= had been
fractured by a blow and that that blow
killed her. He asserts that she was mur
dered, but he has ordered an analysis of
the digestive organs to discover if possi
ble whether poison was taken by the
woman.
EpeelaJ Dispatch to The Call
The failure of the posses to report Is
accounted for by- the fact that the pur
suers are now, far away from any point
of communication by telephone or tele
graph. It is not thought the man hunt
ers will be htard from until they capture
the outlaws or abandon" the pursuit.
MARYSVILLE, Aug. 12.— George Hill, a
resident of Sutter County, was stopped on
the road about three miles from Yuba
City last night by a stranger armed with
a heavy revolver. The man made some
inquiries in regard to" the roads leading
north. Hill hastened to MarysvMe: and
notified the officers here of the occur
rence. He gave a description of the
stranger and it tallies with that of How
ard, the Folsom fugitive, who Is known
to have been a companion of James Rob/
erts, who was captured near Davisville a
few days ago. _ . •
• PLACERVILLE, Aug. . 12.-No reports
have been received to-day from either, of
the posses which have been on the trail
of the five convicts who killed the two
militiamen and wounded another in the
fight near the Grand Victory mine ten
days ago.
It Is believed the outlaws have reached
the very heart of the Devils Basin coun
try, a region which will give them shel
ter and where, if cornered, they can put
up a fight strong enough from their en
trenched position to hold an entire army
In check.
Physicians Disagree as to the
Cause of Death of a
Waitress.
Placsrville.
No Reports Received From
, the Pursuers Who Left
Los Angeles Authorities
Working Up a Mys
terious Case.
Outlaws Thought to Be
Safe in the Devils
Basin Country.
Fear\ Vengeance of Albanians.
CETINJE, Montenegro. Aug. 12.— The
Servians throughout Old Servla are In a
state of panic because of the departure
of the Turkish troops^ from Monastir,
which removes all protection from the
Servians against the vengeance of the Al
banians. " •
Greeks Join the Macedonians.
SOFIA, Aug. 12.— Representatives of the
Macedonian committee- say that the Rou
manian and Greek Inhabitants of a num
ber of villages have joined the insurgents
and that the Mohammedans are taking
refuge in the cities and towns. At Kru
shevo the revolutionists, have seized the
repeating rifles and ammunition stored in
the magazine. It is stated that Prince
Ferdinand will spend next Saturday, the
anniversary of his accession to the throne,
with his faml'.y in Huncary.
Bulgarian. Officials Expect Fanatical
Bising Against Christians.
SALONICA. Aug. 12.— It is reported that
! the Turkish troops on Monday bombarded
and destroyed the village of Eshiu, twen
ty miles south of Monastir.
According to another rumor the Insur
gents who have occupied Krushevo, after
repulsing two assaults by the Turkish
troops, offered a conditional surrender.
Instructions were asked for from Con
stantinople and in reply the Turkish com
mander received orders to give no quar
ter.
The bridge at Gievgveli, on the Uskub-
S&lonica Railway, which was blown up
by the insurgents, has been repaired.
Several strong bands"r«:ently crossed the
frontier of Eastern Macedonia.
The whole Bulgarian Government takes
a decidedly pessimistic view of the situa
tion and the officials openly express their
fears that, a general massacre of^ the
.Christians in Macedonia is inevitable, pos
'sibly within four, days, and almost cer
tainly within a fortnight. Meanwhile the
Government continues to maintain, its
peaceful attitude, but It believes that a
sudden development e-f affairs across the
border may at any moment render the
authorities powerless to prevent war.
The reports from Bulgarian official
agents in Macedonia show that the sit
uation is rapidly growing worse. The
fact that the Mussulmans are becoming
excited and congregating in the mosques
is regarded as an additional feature In
dicating the possibility that a massacre
may occur within a short time. It is
feared that such a massacre would cover
a wide area and include both the large
towns and the villages, and that the i
Turkish soldiers would prove incapable j
of restraining the Mussulmans, even if j
they desired to do so, which Is by no I
means certain. . % ;
Monastir bowj contains only four battal- j
ions of Turkish" troops, two consisting of |
raw recruits, who will be quite unreli- i
able in~the event of serious trouble. It!
is thought quite possible that the troops •
might even aid the : Mussulmans in I
slaughtering the Christians.
The officials here blame Turkey for the
present sudden outbreak, attributing it
largely to the action of the Porte in in
stituting a search for arms In the vil
lages. - i .-' '''•;"•
Dr. Mandelstam. the acting Russian
Consul at Uskub, who has been appointed
to succeed M. Rostkovowskl, the mur
dered Consul at Monastir, reached that
town to-day. Some anxiety had been felt
tor his safety, as nothlns had been heard
of him since he left his post at Uskub a
couple of days ago. The Mutesarif of the
Uskub district refused to give Dr. Man
delstam an escort. The Consul Insisted
en proceeding to his. new post and, hav
ing obtained an escort from Hilmi Pasha,
he started on. his own rsponslbllity across
country for Monastir.
FEAB GENERAL MASSACKE.
Tho most astonishing feature of the sit
uation here is the remarkable quietude
with which the people have received the
news of .the fresh rioting In Macedonia.
The whole outbreak came as a great sur
prise, even to the local revolutionary
committees, which were not prepared for
so early a rising. In spite of the stir
ring appeals of the committees, little or
no popular enthusiasm is apparent, not
even among the 30.000 Macedonian resi
dents, of Sofia.
How long this condition will last de
pends largely upon the developments in
Macedonia. At present the center of the
disturbance is Monastir. a long way' off.
Should the rising spread to the vilayet
of Uskub and come near to the Bulgarian
frontier It is probable that tn«"population
of -Bulgaria will become aroused.
The Government also charges Turkey
•with doing less to prevent the insurgents
crossing the frontier than Bulgaria,
though Turkey maintain* four times as
many troops a".ong the border. The
Turkish soldiers Invariably retire to bar
racks at sunset ar.d remain there until
sunrise, leaving free egress to the Mace
donian insurgents during: 'the night. The
Turks fight bravely during -daylight, but
dislike skirmishing in the dark.
It is everywhere declared that the pres
ent Ministry in doing Its utmost to check
the revolutionary movement, but the; sit
uation 13 reaching B point where circum
stances may prove too strong for tho Cab
inet. The grcvTlnir economic depression in
the country constitutes a dangerous fac
tor in the situation.
Sofia Government Says Powers Alone
Can Prevent Disaster.
SOFIA, Bulgaria, Aug. 12.— The Bul
garian Foreign Office has received very
disquieting news from Its agent at
Uskub. The Mussulmans there are daily
gathering In the mosques and it is feared
that a massacre of the Chris^tjans Is Im
pending. Officials here express the be
lief that the intervention of the powers
alone can prevent a disaster. -
HOPES FOE INTEBVENTION.
The insurgents continue to devastate
the district of Koritza and have captured
Important Turkish supplies of provisions.
More or less severe fighting Is reported
In the districts of Kastoria and Fiorina.
Three hundred insurgents are assembled
on the heights between Gievgvell and
Yenije. Twenty-six Mussulman peasants
have been massacred In the village of
Ziverninl. near Perlepe. \ by • the insur
gents. Stringent military ¦ •. precautions
have been taken in the town of Uskub to
prevent threatened dynamite outrages.
The Mutesarif of Mush. Armenia; where
Kurdish excesses were recently alleged to
have occurred,' has been dismissed.
ESCAPES DROP
OUT OF SIGHT
BELIEVE WOMAN
WAS MURDERED
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 13, 1903.
Continued From Page 1, Column 3.
MURDEfl OF THE INMOCEHT
AND THE RAZIHG OF TOWNS
OCCUPY TURKS HUD REBELS
Man Giving Name as P. J. Kelly and Who Has Obtained
Money From Many Yale Men Upon Pretense of Being
Brother of One of Its Graduates, Trapped by J.E.» Eel Is
ATTORNEY CAUSES CAPTURE
OF SUAVE YOUNG IMPOSTOR
3
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
-
What is wanted of soap
for the skin is to wash it
clean and not hurt it.
Pure soap does that. This
is why we want pure soap;
and when we say pure,
we mean without alkali.
Pears' is pure; no free
alkali You can trust a
soap that has no biting in
it, that's Pears*.
Established over ioo years.
Such best— Schilling's Best
— as the poor would be richer
for using.
Your grocer's; moneyback.
--¦_¦_-_>_ < t v ' - ADVEBTISEMENTS.
NINE DOCTORS FAILED
Systemic Catarrh Was the |j^^==^
Another Happy Home Due to &/ •f^^'^V^IIil Wr
•?'"'•* iWl'l M^^r^SJBHifttlW^ <**«[ VV and doctor for these diseases without
"*ik*> W WHJW^^aB^^^fvVv once realizing the cause < the trouble.
f*!^n^f *vH ::rJS C=^^ Catarrh Is the cause. That is. c»-
JL^^Am ~"^\vi^^^^^^<ra^!r<5; tarrhal inflammation of tho mucous
is-^^ Htt •1£Va\ - - = =r -^? ; " : .*l*r - '?•£?*' membranes lining all of the Internal or-
' ill \\\V~"** **$***'• gans. The catarrh may have begun In
lfl|i " JBST-^« ;iwV the head or throat, and being neglected
fjgm ' ¦ • ' fif i "" *** a pervaded the whole system.
*^ • Something: to soothe and cleanse the In-
flamed mucous membranes Is what Is
MR. CHAS. SCHMIDT, 442 13th Ave., needed and all that is needed to correct
Newark, N. J.. writes: tbe many disagreeable symptoms of sy»-
"I feel better than I ever did before. / temlc catarrh.
was sick for a year and a half. Had nine Catarrh May Permeate the
doctors, but none of them could help me. MUhnt* c V ctem
Tour Peruna has brought me back to health. . w noie oysiem.
13 'cs 7ias eP , "had Z^Z «S£ SSfeS^SS5«
weak cs I was. I had trouble with my -i had terrible headaches, both cars
throat, had pain in the lungs, heart and run and I was nervous all tbe time, also
liver, then in the sides, chest, kidneys and had trouble each month; was deaf In
.^n././.fc / k nr i i.,j n ,fc- «„ —,,-h *hn* I one 'or thirty years. I took six bot-
stomach. had headache so much that I tleg Qf Peruna J n £ one of Manalln and
could hardly do my work. No doctor could a m happy to say that it is the best medi-
help me, and I spent all my money for cine that I ever used. I am not so
noihmg until , began to take Peruna I rSTZZZ^S^Sft STfflSS
have now taken half of the seventh bottle, better in every way. I think Peruna U a
and I shall not have to take any more, for I Godsend to women and a blessing to suf-
am now well. I express to you my sheerest ferlns humanity "—Mary E. Sampson.
, A/ , n i / /../ -JIj nn j __ naHinn in* I f y° u do not derive prompt and satis-
thanks. I feel good ond am getting fat. fact * ry result9 from th v e use of Perana .
My wife takes Peruna also. —Mr. Chas. write at once to Dr. Hartman. giving a
Schmidt. ' full statement of your case, and he will
„ , - . , ¦ . ,, -vl '«.- be pleased to give you his valuable ad-
Systemic catarrh Is often called By vj^e gratis.
many other names. Few doctors realize Address Dr. Hartman, President of
the cause of this condition. They call The Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus,
it stomach trouble or kidney trouble Ohio. .
•s. " ¦" - . ¦ *
I THE RELICS OF flN OLD VETERAN
l\yz Flag, Musket and Saber,
From His
"OLD ARMY CHEST"
By GEO. E: SENSENEY.
MB^y^y?:*^" . T- **^ ¦ ¦ ¦ - : ¦ '¦ ¦ ¦¦ ; <+ y • ¦" ' "¦ -- jr * ** ' *' v ' '*' " <; -^ '¦"¦¦¦¦¦ ¦¦ •' ¦ ' ' .-.¦;¦¦ - ¦¦ • ¦¦•¦*¦ ¦ ¦: ¦¦>¦'¦¦ > ' ! £f%'3pi' i^
BS Vts*'* " " ' '" '¦'¦ ' " : '""iii8?»?8£*?»i^l ""¦¦'--¦' ¦¦ ' •-..¦.. ¦ ¦ ¦ . •* . _^f.**- - ;. 'v~-:>ft£fej£$ -jf' .•4VK .^ * ¦¦' .* ¦¦¦¦¦¦ . : ¦¦ ..-:.-¦ .-.¦ ¦¦ aSNBfc^*^[j(^^^H^^^^- t^ V v. :¦. r ';; . '" '
* j.**^<yvT ki ¦¦'. ; .-" .- -.¦¦¦ ¦¦ ¦' -.¦¦.¦. ¦ ..¦,..... . ¦ ¦ j*jf >' j fr"' -¦-¦' ¦¦¦ */•¦ s^«sit* ¦ ¦ ¦ ' ¦¦ ¦¦' #¦' ¦ ¦¦ ¦ ¦¦¦¦¦- ¦¦¦ .-.¦¦" ¦¦¦ ¦ ¦ - * sS&j^&F ¦ ¦ •$ ¦¦?'+**¦ ¦¦ ¦ '**" v '¦'¦ i ¦•
i jj. ¦ ¦ ¦¦:.¦•-¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦_:¦¦ VjjjX 1 ' ¦ '¦'¦ &ffpr*&J'_ -¦ -fi ¦-- - ¦¦¦¦--¦; -¦• ' ¦':--; ¦ ¦¦ '. ¦/. ¦ ¦ . ¦" ¦¦¦ ¦ ¦ ,¦.-'¦¦¦¦ j^ 'wP^k^^^E^ v ¦ ' y ''''"' J " ' '"* ¦-'--" ' ' M^^Wr M ¦*^*-T^^^^fr3;> 1 .a, ¦¦'.¦¦ ;»
0» '¦' '" ¦¦'¦¦ ' ¦ ¦'¦¦¦¦ ''¦¦*' ''df ' * tf \t^L ' >?¦;"*''¦• '"*"* ** y - * " -¦ .., .' 9f 'rSFZs* iris ~"W^ ' < ** < <* \ '.:¦** <fc» jBBssj^a ' -'' '" *'
HB8hS$&% "" " / ':'¦*!¦ v ' 2xuE^fifHHHI^^V'&'^^^^^^K^K^B(6i^^Bl^^flB9s§@« ?- 9 ' '"'¦'"¦ X J '"'*t^ti< ¦' ' I ift'fm gCTK 1 * K5P« + "^^^^jK'-"' t * J *1( T^SSB^P**S^&
f '^'^triflr|K?JB£*Sf Jy iUi^BB^BBffiSlwiSt x^y* ' ' - ¦•¦¦^- — - > ir3ft " t ' " ¦ '~* :: >-• ' '* * >'¦. : *"J^ "^2^*^^ v "' - ; ¦ V ' Hk iSfiS^lt BibSFi ¦¦'¦' ' < ''vrt'iH"'' -' 1J 'i
This Beautiful Picture, Tender Sentiment, in Marvelous Tones, will be issued :
• Free with- the G. A. R. Edition of.
: Tbe Sunday Gall, August lfe.t'l},' 1905.
' ¦ , , ¦ * " -\ .' ¦¦ ¦ ¦.-,¦.¦_ ¦ •
All Newsdealers Sell The Sunday Call
¦-;¦.¦•-¦':":;¦ ' ' :. . ¦- " ;. ; j ~^
'And it would be well to place your order early, as the supply is limited.
THEY ARE PRAM I NCHTHE CALL ART SUPPLEMENTS
: - ' ' ' '- - The Following Art Dealers Are Making a Speclaltj of Framing Gall Art SopplenieBts: ____
SACRAMENTO— Hevener, Mler & street: Gage's. art store, 509 East Main SAN DIEGO— VT. P. Fuller & Co., 71
Co 615 J street; C. N. Davis, : book street: .Weber's; art, store,' 425 East F-street.
store 817 K street -* ; :^ : <Main street.; ; . FRESNO— Sronce & Dick.
PETAUUMA— Hr S; Gutermute, J. MARYSVILLE— G.W. Hall. . REDDING— W. . H. Bergh. -Bergh
M. -Wyckoff. ¦ '-\ . OAKLAND-^E.- J.' Saake,". 13 Tele- Furniture Company": T. J. Houston.
SANJOSE— George" Denne.M. Len- . graph avenue; A. A. Barlow, 369 Houston Furniture Company.
zen & Son. T^SBfflHEWKwSB^}/ - Twelfth' street." ' *" : REDWOOD CITY— W. L. Kline.
STOCKTON— Morris .„ Bros.' book * ALAMEDA-C. P. Magagnos. USS SANTA CRUZ^-H. E. Irish. Cooka
store..:20. North El Dorado street; - Park .street.' • ¦ Bros., F.R. Hew,. George Hoban.
Stockton. Racket store. 711^^East Main CHICO-^Fetters & Williams. JACKSON— E. G. Freeman Co.PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 12.— Eamuel L.
Kelly, ajed 11- yeam, and Janie* Bowden
a*ed 33. died to-day as the . result of the
accident at the National League : Baseball
Park on .. Saturday, making . eleven \ victims.
SavoraJ athara ju-a ¦ >U. Uu» uaiat • nt >U»K. -
SAN JOSE, Auk. 12.— Benjamin M Clone
an Inventor of Cato, N. Y., to-day filed a bill
in equity in th« United States Circuit Court
against C. L. Larson, an orchardist of this
county, who In accused of Infrinoring upon
plaintlfTn patent, for an orchard ladder. A
restraining order, an accounting- and dumases
la the turn of tSOCO are ask«d tar
Veterans Arrive in Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 12.-rGrand Army
of : the Republic veterans s from ; Connecti
cut. Illinois. Pennsylvania, * New Hamp-
Bhlre and New York to ; the number ' of
several hundred reached. Los Angeles to-,
day : en route for San Francisco. Air the
parties -, will .: make long, enough stays in
tbe'southern.DartVoftha Stala tn vUJt
Boys Kill a Mountain Lion
SAN JOSE, Aug. 12.-Albert r«-»
James Egan. boys, had I .n M d5Ji *J5
counter with a large CaUforoi ?toS ?wh£
camping back of Mount HamlltoS. tK
boys separated and Costa w as °au e d tn
his companion's aid by cUpb r«T. i. V °
the roars of a Hon. San Sd flP 2i ,??
Miles Reaches Denver.
DENVER. Aug. 12— General Nelson A.
Miles and patty, en route to San Fran
cisco, arrived In this city shortly before
noon to-day and .were' met- at the Union
Station by several thousand people, . In
cluding'many former 'soldiers. As Gen
eral .Miles; stepped off the car his old
comrades cheered heartily and an Im
promptu reception was held on the depot
platform. A reception was given to Gen
eral^ Miles this afternoon * by. the Loyal
Legion, and he was also entertained at
the Denver' Club. by prominent citizens.
He i goes West to-night over the Denver
and - Rio Grande.: ' ;
':¦ In an interview v the gertoral denied that
he was a candidate for the office of. com
mander in chief. of< the G.;A.. R. .He said
that he hoped to have the. honor of nomi
nating General John C. Black for the po
sition, and If -this was not accorded him
he. would second General Blacks' noml-
Will Attend the Encampment.
SANTA KOSA, Aug. 12.— The veterans
of Ellsworth Post, G. A. R.. and the La
dies-of Ellsworth Circle aro making ac
tive preparations to take part in the Na
tional Encampment at San ' Francisco
next week. The post numbers about
eighty comrades and. an effort Is' being
made to have all of them attend the en
campment. The veterans from the . dif
ferent posts ln the county will probably
combine and" open joint headquarters with
George H. Thomas Post for the enter
tainment of, visitors. /
JAPANESE FOREMAN SHOT
AND SEVERELY WOUNDED
Attempt Is Made to Assassinate Him
. by an Unknown Man, Who
! Afterward Gets Away.
VENTURA. Aug. 12.-John InOse, the
foreman of the Japanese non-union beet
thlnner's and toppers of Oxnard, was shot
and seriously wounded early this morn
ing by an unknown -man, v who escaped
arrest. The bullet struck Inose below the
right nipple, glanced off on a rib and.cir
cled about his body, lodging in the left
side. The wound is extremely painful, but
not necessarily dangerous.
At the time , of tho Japanese-Mexican
union and non-union , riot In the sugar
town florae months ago Inose handled the
non-union Japanese for the Western Ag
ricultural Contracting Company. The
feeling of the union leaders toward Inose
has been bitter since then,, but no at
tempt has ever been made before on his
life. Inose left' Oxnard for Salt Lake soon
after the riot and only returned a ; few
days ago. Inose was followed by some
one from a Japanese resort early : this
morning and shot. The wounded man
thought he . recognized his assailant as a
non-union man named Tekato, but Te
kato was able to prove an alibi.
Boy Is Drowned While Bathing.
AVALON. Catallna Island. Aug. 12.—
The young son of Vincent Morlcich, Con
stable at this place, was drowned last
evening while bathing In the bay. It Is
believed that he was taken with an epi
leptic fit. which caused him to sink before
assistance could reach him.
the principal points of Interest. About 500
veterans will-go from Southern California
to the grand encampment.
BECEPTION TO MILES.
General Is Received With Cheers at
Colorado Springs.
COLORADO SPRINGS. Colo.. Aug. 12.—
General Nelson A. Miles, dn his way to
the National Grand Army of the Republic
Encampment, stopped over at Colorado
Springs for several hours this afternopnl
He was tendered a reception by a great
crowd of veterans and afterward by the
citizens. He wa«' repeatedly cheered.
Somo veterans cheered him as "our next
Democratic President." He was asked the
question if he would consent to a move
ment to place his name before the next
National Democratic Convention. He re
plied: "That Is a subject, of course, on
which I have nothing to say."
Norman E. Mack, member of the Na
tional Democratic Committee, who is
spending tho summer here; and Mrs.
Mack entertained General Miles at dinner.
After dinner a reception was tendered
General Miles at the Antlers Hotel by the
citizens of Colorado Springs. At the> re
ception was. Governor Cumminga of Iowa.
Mr. Mack, when asked his opinion of the
movement, said: "General* Miles can be
looked on as a formidable candidate and
would make a good President If elected."
Special Dispatch to The Call
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 12.— Furiously
driving across the country for four long
hours, gazing into a loaded revolver held
in the trembling hands of a drink-crazed
maniac, living through a thousand hells,
and not daring to speak. Isaac H. Bry
son, son of former Mayor Bryson, had an
experience which he" says aged him sev
eral years and almost made his hair turn
white.
Bryson was induced by Alexander
Fountains last week to financially assist
him in the development of a mine near
Plute, in Kern County. He agreed to In
vest ln the property when Fouritalne dis
played assayer's reports showing that
the mine produced ore worth $500 a ton
Bryson wanted to see the mine and Sat
urday they started out overland. At
Caliente, *'ountalne, who frequently
asked Bryson whether he had tho money
with him, began drinking. They started
out and after driving for four hours Bry
son started to turn the team, saying he
was going back. Fountalne at once
pressed a revolver against his head and
ordered him to drive on. They drove four
hours longer, Fountalne frequently
threatening Bryson with death
Finally they came to. a small stream
and Bryson was permitted to get a drink
While he was drinking, still covered bv
the revolver, the team became frightened
and as Fountalne had to attend to the
horses Bryson darted into the brush and
made his escape. He walked back to
Plute. journeying all night, and sent offl-
Sh"m°toT.l br0USht ln F ° Untalnc «*
Bryson returned to Los Angeles to-night
nearly exhausted from his experience »n^
the terrible strain. He declares "hat he
believes Fountalne intended to rm,^
him for his money as soon as they reach
ed a place where the crime could be com
mltted. wtthoat fear of Us being dteSJl
Oakland Office San Francisco CalU
:, f : \ -I 1113 Broad-way. Aug. VL
The indications are that William D.
English, vice president and manager of
the Contra Costa "Water Company aad
former secretary- of the State Harbor
Commission, will pass away before' cany
hours. The slight rally of Tuesday gave
place to a relapse this evening, and it Is
not thought that Mr. English can survive
long. Recovery under the present condi
tions would be nothing short of miracu
lous. There was a noticeable slaking tt*.
day and this evening, with pulse extreme
ly high and no rallying In temperature.
The physicians In attendance would t>»
pleased to see a rising temperature rather
than the sub-normal, or at best noraal
condition.
There is practically no consciousness,
and while Mr. English talks his remarks
aro Incoherent and rambling. Only under
the greatest effort can he be brought Into
a state where his remarks are Intelligi
ble.
Dr. D. D. Crowley to-night gave out t!i9
following statement as to Mr. English'
condition:
"Mr. English Is not better this evenin*
He 13 not markedly worse. At this spe
cial time If the patient is not Improving
he has much to overcome. \ The patient is
weak and his speech is rambling, but a'
times he can be aroused and speech t *- 1
comes thoroughly rational. The doctor*
have not given up alt hopes." .
Thrilling Experience of
Isaac H. Bryson of
Los
CINCINNATI, Aug. 12.— The Democratic
convention of Hamilton County selected
forty-two delegates to the State conven
tion. A majority of these delegates, favor
John L.- Zimmerman for Governor as
against Mayor Tom L. Johnson of Cleve
land. .
Forty delegates who held a second con
vention this afternoon after the Demo
cratic convention of Hamilton County had
adjourned have called a public meeting at
G. A. R. Hall for next Friday night. One
object of the meeting is to protest against
the leadership of Lewis G. Bernard, who
is charged with controlling the local or
ganization through an alliance with
George B. Cox, the local Republican
leader. The dissenting delegates at their
convention this afternoon appointed - a
committee, with Rev. Herbert S. Blgelow
chairman, to report on a plan for bring
ing the contests of Hamilton County be
fore the Democratic State Central Com
mittee and the State convention, and this
convention will report at the opening of
the mass meeting on Friday night.
Among the seats in the State convention
to bo contested is that of Melville E. In
galls. who is prominently mentioned for
Senatorial Indorsement. .The local faction
headed by Bernard represents those fa
vorable for Zimmerman for Governor, and
the faction headed by Blgelow represents
those favorable to Mayor Johnson.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 12.— Dr. George A.
Dorsey, curator of anthropology of the
Field Columbian Museum of Chicago, who
has just arrived here, has given out an
Interview concerning the published ac
counts of his recent visit with Dr.
Mooney to the Cheyenne Indians in 'Okla
homa. - Dr. Dorsey characterizes as false
the statement .that the. scientists encour
aged tbe Indians to self-torture during
their sun dance by a monetary consid
eration and contends- that the barbaric
ceremonial is religion to the Indians and
that they have a right to celebrate it
under the clause of tho constitution
granting American citizens freedom of
worship. .
With, regard .to statements made to the
Indian Bureau at Washington by Super
intendent Seger of the Reservation School
Dr. Dorsey makes charges of duplicity
and ignorance and states that Seger's al
legations were not • disinterested. He
says: ' *
"Concerning the torture itself, which
Mr. Seger describes, not only did Dr.
Mooney and myself not instigate it, but
we actually knew nothing about it until
the Indian was well on his way making
his rounds of the camp circle. This tor
ture occurred, by the way. on the morn
ing following the final rites of the cere
mony and had nothing to do with the
performance of the so-called sun # dance."
specials will follow In an almost- endless
line until next Monday. Other delega
tions are arriving in town constantly. On
Tuesday' over 700 arrived from different
parts. Yesterday 779 Grand Army passen
gers arrived on the overland trains, Nos.
1 and 3, and two sections of No. Gt* They
came from different sections of the
country-
Next Saturday afternoon Major General
W. R. Shafter, -Department Commander
of the Grand Army; General George
Stone, chairman of the general committee
of management, together with members
of the executive committee of tho Thirty
seventh-National Encampment, will go to
Point Richmond to meet the incoming
commauder-in-chlff. General Thomas J.
Stewart of Pennsylvania, and escort him
to national headquarters in the Palac©
Hotel. Among the distinguished comrades
at present In San Francisco is General
Beaver, former Governor of Pennsylvania.
There is an undercurrent of gossip in
Grand Army circles that General Nelson
A. Miles, who is on his way to the en
campment, may enter the .contest for
commander-ln-chlef to succeed General
Stewart. A contest between'General Black
of Illinois and General Miles* for the first
place in the Grand Army would develop
considerable interest. '
FRESNO. Aug. 12.-An ultimatum : has
been issued to the raisin growers. The
directors of the Raisin Growers' Asso
ciation of . California have formulated - s a
statement for publication, in which they
state that they have come to the ' end
of their resources, and under these cir
cumstances and in order to stop. a use
less expenditure of '"time and. funds they
have resolved to medt on Tuesday, Sep
tember 1. If the shortage 'of 14.000 acres
be not signed up by that time the asso
ciation will be declared off for the sea
son, unnecessary expenditures of asso
ciation funds cease, all contracts be. re-'
turned and the offices closed.
In addition to the above the statement
declares: .. .
The director*. In publishing 1 the resolution,
wish to assure - the growers' that the life of
the association .' Is in -such a precarious con
dition that we recornize the. necessi'.y of giv
ing an exact statement of facts and con
dition* without exaggeration or bluff. Also
to assurp our friends who have signed con
tracts and who feel that their hands are
tied so long as their contracts* are held in
escrow -by the association that they are free
to maice their own arrangements on ! equal
terms with the outsiders. •-.". •? " : ¦:"
The directors believe, however,, that; if
at the eleven\h hour it is given' the re
quired ¦ acreage a price for raisins : can
be named on Septemberlcaual to that
of 1900—6, 6«4 and 7 cents— and will guar
antee an advance on all deliveries in the
«weatbox of 3 cents per pound on stand
ard raisins. ¦ 7., f
Little Hope Expressed
- for Recovery of
Patient.
Hamilton County Fac
tion Ready to
Protest.
Directors of Their Asso
ciation Issue an Ul
;" timatum. :/
Dr. Dorsey Denies That
He Instigated the
/Self-Torture.
WILD RIDE
WITH DRINK
GRAZED MAN
WILLIAM ENGLISH
SLOWLY SINKING
OHIO DEMOCRATS
IN CONTROVERSY
RAISIN GROWERS
ARE NOT UNITED
TELLS OF VISIT
TO THE INDIANS
WILL LOOK AFTER VETERANS.
Chief Wittman Issues an Order to
¦ Company Commanders.
Chief "Wittman issued the following or
der yesterday to company commanders in
connection with the approaching encamp
ment of the Grand Army:
In view of the fact that a large number of
strangers will .visit this city during the com
ing week in consequence of the national con
vention of the G. A. R. t I wish to Impress
upon you the .necessity of specially Instruct
ing . your respective commands to be particu
larly attentive, to the end that our visitors
may go home with a good opinion of us.
-¦ Have the ferries and railroad stations well
policed and the different thoroughfares wher«
the' large crowds will assemble doubly pa
trolled. Instruct your men to be courteous and
polite in answering questions and to g}ve all
desired Information fully.
I will send you pocket directories of the
hotels and rooming-houses in the city. Give
one , of these to every member of your com-'
mand and instruct to carry with them at all
times when on duty, as the strangers will no
doubt require to be directed to their lodgings
from time to time.
Alsa instruct your commands that in cbbc
they find any of the old veterans In a "tired"
condition not to ring up the wagon and send
them to ¦ the station, but to endeavor to find
out where they live and try to Ket them to
their lodgings. In fact, let us try to treat
these old veterans a* our guests, which they
really are, and as It is the last time they will
visit us. I would like a special effort made to
make their visit with us a pleasant one.
Special orders as to the details for the va
rious parades, receptions and other functions
will be issued to you In due time.
TKCXJRSIDAir, .A.TJG-. 2O,
MORNING. '
Opening session of the Thirty-seventh National En-
SPECIAL ZE3XOU .bdSIOlSrS.
The following week special excursions by rail to
Napa and Sonoma valleys. Veterans* Home at
Yountville, Sacramento and the Upper Sacra
mento Valley, Yosemite, Mariposa, Big Trees,
Santa Cruz, Monterey and all points in Southern
California.
CHAIRMAN OF THE GRAND ARMY COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTA
TION. AND EXCURSIONS, A MEMBER OF THE SAME BODY AND
VETERAN WHO IS ATTENDING TO THE PRINTING AND BADGES
SA.TTJTR.ID-A.Y, .A.TXO. 33.
SANTA CLARA COUNTY DAY.
Special trains by both broad and narrow gauge
routes to San Jose and return.
Illumination Triumphal Arch.
N RECEPTIONS DURING WEEK.
Receptions every afternoon and evening during the
v?eek by different posts of the G. A. ,R^ by W.
R. C, Ladies of the G. A. R. and kindred organi
zations at their different headquarters.
"W^EIDlSrESID^ir, .A.TJO. IB.
Grand Army parade, 9:30 o'clock. (See daily papers
for line of rxicirch
A TJTT? T> TVT f\ r\ KT
I~xlr X Hj XV X M V*/ \J AN •
Receptions and greetings at various headquarters.
REUNIONS.
First Missouri and Second U. S. Artillery, 2 o'clock,
Albion Hall, Alcazar, building.
Ninth Ohio Volnteer Cavalry, 4 o'clock, Y. M. C. A.
Hall. '
U. S. Maimed Soldiers' League, 2 o'clock Temple
Hall, 117 Turk street.
EVENING.
Grand vocal and instrumental concert, 7:30 o'clock,
at Mechanics' Pavilion.
W. R. C. reception to commander in chief at Golden
Gate Hall, 625 Sutter street.
Wisconsin Society of CivilWar reunion, B. B. Hall,
121 Eddy street."
Ladies' G. A. R. reception, Unions-square Hall, 421
Post street.
Illumination Triumphal Arch.
ACCORDING to a statement given
out by the Southern Pacific passen
ger department yesterday 4000 per-
sons bound for the coming encamp
ment in this city had passed through Og
den up to Tuesday night. . To-day and
from now on until next Sunday there are
scheduled to pass through Ogden 221 spe
cial cars of veterans and their relatives
end friends, numbering in all 5110 persons,
making the total Grand Army traffic by
s-l>ecial cars via that point nearly 10,000.
It is estimated that the regular trains of
the corrj,pany will bring to the city 5000
moreJiB^elers from the East. The Santa
Fe company, so far as reported, has eight
special trains en route to this city, the
majority of which will arrive here Sunday
and Monday, after their passengers have
visited Los Angeles and other points In
Southern California.
Yesterday was an exceedingly heavy
day for traffic along the Southern Pacific
Company's local line, where nearly all the
local trains had additional cars attached,
and in several instances the trains came to
the city and the Oakland mole in two
sections.
Members and friends of Post 117. G. A.
R.. of Pittsburg. Pa., have arrived In this
city after having visited Denver, Colorado
Springs and Salt Lake City. They are
making their headquarters at the Odeon
Hotel and annex, 74 Geary street.
One hundred and thirty-one veterans
fiom twenty-eight States and Territories
registered yesterday at the G. A. R. Bu
reau of Registration, 13 New Montgomery
street.
Colonel. Thurston, in charge of the bu
reau, requests veterans now in the city
and those to arrive to register their
names, posts and regiments and addresses
at the earliest possible moment. ,
HOLIDAY FOB SCHOOLS.
The Board of Education met yesterday
and by resolution declared Tuesday and
Wednesday, August 18 and 19, holidays
for the public schools in compliance with
a request filed By the G. A. R. Encamp
ment committee.
The following additional contributions
to the Grand Army Encampment fund
¦were reported at headquarters yesterday:
North Shore Railroad Company. $100; Lick
House. Jim*; California Powder Company, $30;
Rudolph Spreckel*. $20; Soda Water Manufac
turing Association. $50; Lunsmann & Broa..
$10; Dennis O'Sulllvan $10; Charles Krueckel.
$10; George Geovpcrt. $15; Theodore Herbert,
$l.t;-Knjmb A Miereon. $10; A. G. Hagctforn,
€20; fnlted Prates Laundry.; $10; Marks & Ad-
J«r. Jir>; B. Fallen A Co.. $5; W. B. Ilund. $5;
Gegjtus A Sheridan. $5: Gambrinas Bottling
Company. $5; Town*Iey A Bros, Lumber Com
pany. $5; William Schreiber A Co.. $10; Poly
& Hellbrou, $10; Giant Powder Company, $10;
Kook Wan A Co.. ,$13; Win* Chins Leon*. $5;
Wing Hong Khung. $3; Wing Cho Wo Company,
$15; Wing Ling Lung, $15; G. J. Johnson A
Co., $10; John A. Benson, $10; Henry Levl,
$10; Hotel Ft. Clenr-nt. $5; Mrs. Jacob Voor
s&nger. $5; Miss Sarah D. Hamlln. $3; previous
ly reported. $23,108 23; total, $23,708 25.
FBEPABE FOB PARADE.
The League of the Cross Cadets will pa
rade on Tuesday, 1500 strong, under com
mand of Colonel James Power, comman
der of the First Regiment, L. C. C. They
will be in full uniform, band, field music
and banners. Colonel . Power Is endeav
oring to have the companies of San Mateo
and Menlo Parlc join the San Francisco
companies in #he parade.. The greatest
enthusiasm prevails among the cadets at
the opportunity of parading on this occa
sion.
Tho details for the great parade on
Tuesday are not entirely complete, though
Grand Marshal Fuller feels confident in
.predicting that it will be the greatest dem
onstration of military, naval and civic or
ganizations ever seen in San Francisco.
Communications are coming In almost
hourly from organizations, asking for as
*=igniii«nt in the parade. As soon as the
line of march -Is-determined the formation
and all details will be published.
Captain John N. Shafter, brother of
General Shafter, the Department Com
mander of California and Nevada, is com
ing from Mexico with a number of Grand
A rmy veterans to attend the encampment
The delegation is composed of veterans
from Texas and Mexico. Captain Shafter
served as captain in the Nineteenth Mich
igan Infantry during the war. He has
been connected with tho Mexican Inter
national Railroad for the last twenty-one
years and has charge ol its customs de
partment.
Phclps Squadron. No. 12, Naval Veter
an?, expects to parade with full ranks
and make quite a good flhowine for so
young an organization. All unattached
naval veterans are invited to fall In with
PhHps Squadron for the parade on Tues
day, August 18, and be at the headquar
ters, O Eddy street, at 9 o'clock In the
morning, sharp.
The rehearsals of the grand chorus have
been most satisfactory. For the great en
tertainment In honor of the Grand Army,
to be given at the Mechanics' Pavilion on
Wednesday evening, August 19, a chorus
of 500 voices is being rehearsed, under the
direction of Professor John W. SIcKenzle.
All singers are urgently requested to at
tend the final meetings of the chorus to
be held on Friday. August 14. and on Mon
day, August 17, at S:30 p. m., at 305 JLar
kin street.
CBOWDS ABRIVING DAILY.
The first specie I, train carrying a- large
delegation from the East Is due here to
day. It is the jtpfrial from Plttsburg, Pa.,
bearing Abe Patterson Post from Alle
gheny, with about 250 passengers. Other 1
FRIDAY,-AUG. SI
MORNING.
Third session of the Thirty-seventh National En
campment, Grand Opera-house.
ALAMEDA COUNTY DAY.
Grand reception in the city of Oakland to visiting vet
erans and their friends.
Special train excursions to Big Trees and Santa Cruz.
; (Narrow gauge route.)
AFTERNOON.
Closing session of the Thirty-seventh National En
campment, Grand Opera-house.
,£ EVENING.
Campfire at Mechanics' Pavilion. Speeches by dis
tinguished visitors.
Spanish - American War Veterans* Reunion, B. B.
Hall, 121 Eddy street.
Ladies of the G. A. R., general reception, Union
square Hall, 421 Post street.
Illumination Triumphal Arch.
TUESDAY, ATJO. IS
'MORNING.
Grand parade of military, naval and civic organiza
- tions, 10 o'clock. (See daily' papers for line of
march.) ~ - v -
AFTERNOON.
Welcome by G.'A. R. organizations and kindred so
cieties at their „ several headquarters. . ',
Berdan's Sharpshooters' reunion, 2 o'clock, ' Al
bion Hall, Alcazar building. ; >:;
EVENING.
Reception to the. commander in chief of the Grand
Army of the Republic and members of the G. A.
R., W. R. C, L. G. A. R. and kindred associa
tions, 8 o'clock. Mechanics' Pavilion.
. RECEPTIONS.
Department of Illinois, W. R. C, at Palace Hotel.
Department of Missouri, W. R. C, at Palace Hotel.
Department of Ohio, W. R. C, at Palace Hotel.
Union ex-prisoners of war reunion at B. B. Hall, 121
Eddy street. Grand illumination Triumphal
Arch.
THE bureau of registration and in
formation of the G. A. R. Encamp
ment proves of great convenience to
visiting veterans and their friends.
The bureau is established at 19 New
Montgomery street, within a few yards
of the national headquarters, the commit
tee of general management, headquarters
of the Department of California and the
headquarters of all the principal organiza
tions and departments and -adjacent to
the leading hotels and the main business
center. The bureau is situated in a large,
airy and ..well lighted store, of ample
width and depth, equipped -with every
modern improvement. Colonel S. D.
Thurston is in charge of the bureau, aid-'
ed by a corps of able, intelligent and af
fable^ assistants, volunteers from the
Grand Army, Sons of Veterans and Span
ish-American. War. Veterans. Upon arriv
al every visitor is registered and a card
is filled out. .. in duplicate, one to be filed
in' the index remaining at the bureau, the
other to be retained by the visitor. a3 an
Identification card.,
REUNION OF COMBADES.
The system work3 admirably and for
mer friends and companions, who have
been separated since the war, have found
each other through the bureau and many
a thrilling story is recounted by the ven
erable warriors. The bureau will be open
all day for the "next two days,, but will
remain open all day and nearly all night,
commencing next Saturday and continu
ing until the end of the Grand Army En
campment, with a corps of clerks and
assistants constantly in attendance. Vis
itors will have the free use of the tele
phones, writing material, pamphlets and
literature.
The Grand Army postofflce has also
been established upon the premises for
the convenience of visitors, and two
clerks will be constantly in attendance.
The postofflce will be open all day.
The medical headquarters is also locat
ed on the premises, occupying the rear
portion of the store, partitioned off by
curtains made of American flags. Th*
place is bright and comfortable. A staff
of volunteers, composed of emlfient phy
sicians, surgeons and dentists, will be in
attendance at all hours of the day and
until late into the night, changing detaila
every two hours, and ever ready to re
spond to any call that may be sent in.
AMBULANCE CORPS.
Two ambulances will be stationed with
in a few steps of the headquarters dur
ing the day and one at night to answer
emergency calls. The place will be
equipped with emergency appliances and
restoratives.
Veterans are especially requested to call 1
at the bureau, if not upon arrival, as soon
thereafter as they can make it convenient,,
register, obtain all the information they
may ¦'desire" "ind prortire' 'the* necessary
badges, which they will, find of service,
not only to themselves but to the friends
•who may accompany them and who are
not members of the G. A. R. Available
bureaus of information will be established
at the halls where the principal meetings
will be held.
The reception committee. General Wil
liam K. Shafter, chairman, has estab
lished headquarters directly opposite the
bureau of information.
campment, 9:30 o'clock. Grand Opera-house,
Mission street, between Third and Fourth.
Opening session National Convention W. K. U, 10
o'clock. Golden Gate Hall, 625 Sutter street.
Opening session National Convention L. G. A. K.,
VALLEJO AND MARE ISLAND DAY.
9:30 o'clock, Union-square Hall, 42 x Post street.
Excursion by steamers to Vallejo and Mare Island.
Special railroad excursion to Del Monte, Monterey
and Pacific Grove.
AFTERNOON.
Second session of the Thirty-seventh National En
campment, Grand Opera-house..
Reception at Mark Hopkins Institute of Art, under
auspices of press committee, from 2 to 5.
EVENING.
Naval Veterans' Reunion and Dog Watch, B. B. Hall,
• 121 Eddy street.
Fife and Drum prize contest at Armory, First Artil
lery, N. G. C, 815 Ellis street, under manage
ment of National Association Civil War Musi
cians. ¦vp'~ ' .
Ladies of the G. A. R. reception to commander in
chief and comrades, Union-square Hall, 421 Post
street.
W. R. C, Department of Massachusetts, reception
Golden Gate Hall, 625 Sutter street.
Illumination Triumphal Arch.
MO3STD.A.Y, -A.TTO. V7.
MORNING AND AFTERNOON.
Reception of visitors by the several committees; as
signments to hotels and boarding-houses, and lo
cation of various headquarters.
EVENING. '
Reception by Lincoln Post No. i,; Department of Cal
ifornia and Nevada, Pioneer Hall, Fourth street,
.near Market.
Reception by George H. Thomas Post No. 2, Depart
ment of California -and Nevada, Steinway Hall,
Sutter street, near Kearny.
Reception by Garfield Post No. 34, Departmenti of
California and Nevada, Albion Hall, Alcazar
building.
Illumination Triumphal Arch.
Exchange Stories
of Battle and
Victory.
How the Veterans Will Be Entertained During the
National Encampment in This City.
OFFICIAL PROGRAMME FOR REUNION
OF THE GRAND ARMY OF REPUBLIC
Heroes Separated
Since the War
Reunite.
Rumor Says Miles
May Succeed to
Leadership
of the
wl« r\. Hi
Scores of Special
Cars Speeding
Toward City
With AI.I
Haste.
TRAINS BRING FIRST CONTINGENTS OF CITY'S WARRIOR GUESTS
AND HEARTY WELCOME IS EVERYWHERE EXTENDED THE VETERANS
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 13. 1903.
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
l p CELEBRATED "W
To restore vigor to the system,
promote sound sleep and assist di-
gestion you should take a dose of
the Bitters before each meal. It
will cure Sick Headache, Ner-
vousness, Indigestion, Constipa-
tion, Dyspepsia and Kidney Trou-
bles. Be sure to try_ it.PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 12.— Eamuel L.
Kelly, ajed 11- yeam, and Janie* Bowden
a*ed 33. died to-day as the . result of the
accident at the National League : Baseball
Park on .. Saturday, making . eleven \ victims.
SavoraJ athara ju-a ¦ >U. Uu» uaiat • nt >U»K. -
SAN JOSE, Auk. 12.— Benjamin M Clone
an Inventor of Cato, N. Y., to-day filed a bill
in equity in th« United States Circuit Court
against C. L. Larson, an orchardist of this
county, who In accused of Infrinoring upon
plaintlfTn patent, for an orchard ladder. A
restraining order, an accounting- and dumases
la the turn of tSOCO are ask«d tar
Veterans Arrive in Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 12.-rGrand Army
of : the Republic veterans s from ; Connecti
cut. Illinois. Pennsylvania, * New Hamp-
Bhlre and New York to ; the number ' of
several hundred reached. Los Angeles to-,
day : en route for San Francisco. Air the
parties -, will .: make long, enough stays in
tbe'southern.DartVoftha Stala tn vUJt
Boys Kill a Mountain Lion
SAN JOSE, Aug. 12.-Albert r«-»
James Egan. boys, had I .n M d5Ji *J5
counter with a large CaUforoi ?toS ?wh£
camping back of Mount HamlltoS. tK
boys separated and Costa w as °au e d tn
his companion's aid by cUpb r«T. i. V °
the roars of a Hon. San Sd flP 2i ,??
Miles Reaches Denver.
DENVER. Aug. 12— General Nelson A.
Miles and patty, en route to San Fran
cisco, arrived In this city shortly before
noon to-day and .were' met- at the Union
Station by several thousand people, . In
cluding'many former 'soldiers. As Gen
eral .Miles; stepped off the car his old
comrades cheered heartily and an Im
promptu reception was held on the depot
platform. A reception was given to Gen
eral^ Miles this afternoon * by. the Loyal
Legion, and he was also entertained at
the Denver' Club. by prominent citizens.
He i goes West to-night over the Denver
and - Rio Grande.: ' ;
':¦ In an interview v the gertoral denied that
he was a candidate for the office of. com
mander in chief. of< the G.;A.. R. .He said
that he hoped to have the. honor of nomi
nating General John C. Black for the po
sition, and If -this was not accorded him
he. would second General Blacks' noml-
Will Attend the Encampment.
SANTA KOSA, Aug. 12.— The veterans
of Ellsworth Post, G. A. R.. and the La
dies-of Ellsworth Circle aro making ac
tive preparations to take part in the Na
tional Encampment at San ' Francisco
next week. The post numbers about
eighty comrades and. an effort Is' being
made to have all of them attend the en
campment. The veterans from the . dif
ferent posts ln the county will probably
combine and" open joint headquarters with
George H. Thomas Post for the enter
tainment of, visitors. /
JAPANESE FOREMAN SHOT
AND SEVERELY WOUNDED
Attempt Is Made to Assassinate Him
. by an Unknown Man, Who
! Afterward Gets Away.
VENTURA. Aug. 12.-John InOse, the
foreman of the Japanese non-union beet
thlnner's and toppers of Oxnard, was shot
and seriously wounded early this morn
ing by an unknown -man, v who escaped
arrest. The bullet struck Inose below the
right nipple, glanced off on a rib and.cir
cled about his body, lodging in the left
side. The wound is extremely painful, but
not necessarily dangerous.
At the time , of tho Japanese-Mexican
union and non-union , riot In the sugar
town florae months ago Inose handled the
non-union Japanese for the Western Ag
ricultural Contracting Company. The
feeling of the union leaders toward Inose
has been bitter since then,, but no at
tempt has ever been made before on his
life. Inose left' Oxnard for Salt Lake soon
after the riot and only returned a ; few
days ago. Inose was followed by some
one from a Japanese resort early : this
morning and shot. The wounded man
thought he . recognized his assailant as a
non-union man named Tekato, but Te
kato was able to prove an alibi.
Boy Is Drowned While Bathing.
AVALON. Catallna Island. Aug. 12.—
The young son of Vincent Morlcich, Con
stable at this place, was drowned last
evening while bathing In the bay. It Is
believed that he was taken with an epi
leptic fit. which caused him to sink before
assistance could reach him.
the principal points of Interest. About 500
veterans will-go from Southern California
to the grand encampment.
BECEPTION TO MILES.
General Is Received With Cheers at
Colorado Springs.
COLORADO SPRINGS. Colo.. Aug. 12.—
General Nelson A. Miles, dn his way to
the National Grand Army of the Republic
Encampment, stopped over at Colorado
Springs for several hours this afternopnl
He was tendered a reception by a great
crowd of veterans and afterward by the
citizens. He wa«' repeatedly cheered.
Somo veterans cheered him as "our next
Democratic President." He was asked the
question if he would consent to a move
ment to place his name before the next
National Democratic Convention. He re
plied: "That Is a subject, of course, on
which I have nothing to say."
Norman E. Mack, member of the Na
tional Democratic Committee, who is
spending tho summer here; and Mrs.
Mack entertained General Miles at dinner.
After dinner a reception was tendered
General Miles at the Antlers Hotel by the
citizens of Colorado Springs. At the> re
ception was. Governor Cumminga of Iowa.
Mr. Mack, when asked his opinion of the
movement, said: "General* Miles can be
looked on as a formidable candidate and
would make a good President If elected."
Special Dispatch to The Call
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 12.— Furiously
driving across the country for four long
hours, gazing into a loaded revolver held
in the trembling hands of a drink-crazed
maniac, living through a thousand hells,
and not daring to speak. Isaac H. Bry
son, son of former Mayor Bryson, had an
experience which he" says aged him sev
eral years and almost made his hair turn
white.
Bryson was induced by Alexander
Fountains last week to financially assist
him in the development of a mine near
Plute, in Kern County. He agreed to In
vest ln the property when Fouritalne dis
played assayer's reports showing that
the mine produced ore worth $500 a ton
Bryson wanted to see the mine and Sat
urday they started out overland. At
Caliente, *'ountalne, who frequently
asked Bryson whether he had tho money
with him, began drinking. They started
out and after driving for four hours Bry
son started to turn the team, saying he
was going back. Fountalne at once
pressed a revolver against his head and
ordered him to drive on. They drove four
hours longer, Fountalne frequently
threatening Bryson with death
Finally they came to. a small stream
and Bryson was permitted to get a drink
While he was drinking, still covered bv
the revolver, the team became frightened
and as Fountalne had to attend to the
horses Bryson darted into the brush and
made his escape. He walked back to
Plute. journeying all night, and sent offl-
Sh"m°toT.l br0USht ln F ° Untalnc «*
Bryson returned to Los Angeles to-night
nearly exhausted from his experience »n^
the terrible strain. He declares "hat he
believes Fountalne intended to rm,^
him for his money as soon as they reach
ed a place where the crime could be com
mltted. wtthoat fear of Us being dteSJl
Oakland Office San Francisco CalU
:, f : \ -I 1113 Broad-way. Aug. VL
The indications are that William D.
English, vice president and manager of
the Contra Costa "Water Company aad
former secretary- of the State Harbor
Commission, will pass away before' cany
hours. The slight rally of Tuesday gave
place to a relapse this evening, and it Is
not thought that Mr. English can survive
long. Recovery under the present condi
tions would be nothing short of miracu
lous. There was a noticeable slaking tt*.
day and this evening, with pulse extreme
ly high and no rallying In temperature.
The physicians In attendance would t>»
pleased to see a rising temperature rather
than the sub-normal, or at best noraal
condition.
There is practically no consciousness,
and while Mr. English talks his remarks
aro Incoherent and rambling. Only under
the greatest effort can he be brought Into
a state where his remarks are Intelligi
ble.
Dr. D. D. Crowley to-night gave out t!i9
following statement as to Mr. English'
condition:
"Mr. English Is not better this evenin*
He 13 not markedly worse. At this spe
cial time If the patient is not Improving
he has much to overcome. \ The patient is
weak and his speech is rambling, but a'
times he can be aroused and speech t *- 1
comes thoroughly rational. The doctor*
have not given up alt hopes." .
Thrilling Experience of
Isaac H. Bryson of
Los
CINCINNATI, Aug. 12.— The Democratic
convention of Hamilton County selected
forty-two delegates to the State conven
tion. A majority of these delegates, favor
John L.- Zimmerman for Governor as
against Mayor Tom L. Johnson of Cleve
land. .
Forty delegates who held a second con
vention this afternoon after the Demo
cratic convention of Hamilton County had
adjourned have called a public meeting at
G. A. R. Hall for next Friday night. One
object of the meeting is to protest against
the leadership of Lewis G. Bernard, who
is charged with controlling the local or
ganization through an alliance with
George B. Cox, the local Republican
leader. The dissenting delegates at their
convention this afternoon appointed - a
committee, with Rev. Herbert S. Blgelow
chairman, to report on a plan for bring
ing the contests of Hamilton County be
fore the Democratic State Central Com
mittee and the State convention, and this
convention will report at the opening of
the mass meeting on Friday night.
Among the seats in the State convention
to bo contested is that of Melville E. In
galls. who is prominently mentioned for
Senatorial Indorsement. .The local faction
headed by Bernard represents those fa
vorable for Zimmerman for Governor, and
the faction headed by Blgelow represents
those favorable to Mayor Johnson.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 12.— Dr. George A.
Dorsey, curator of anthropology of the
Field Columbian Museum of Chicago, who
has just arrived here, has given out an
Interview concerning the published ac
counts of his recent visit with Dr.
Mooney to the Cheyenne Indians in 'Okla
homa. - Dr. Dorsey characterizes as false
the statement .that the. scientists encour
aged tbe Indians to self-torture during
their sun dance by a monetary consid
eration and contends- that the barbaric
ceremonial is religion to the Indians and
that they have a right to celebrate it
under the clause of tho constitution
granting American citizens freedom of
worship. .
With, regard .to statements made to the
Indian Bureau at Washington by Super
intendent Seger of the Reservation School
Dr. Dorsey makes charges of duplicity
and ignorance and states that Seger's al
legations were not • disinterested. He
says: ' *
"Concerning the torture itself, which
Mr. Seger describes, not only did Dr.
Mooney and myself not instigate it, but
we actually knew nothing about it until
the Indian was well on his way making
his rounds of the camp circle. This tor
ture occurred, by the way. on the morn
ing following the final rites of the cere
mony and had nothing to do with the
performance of the so-called sun # dance."
specials will follow In an almost- endless
line until next Monday. Other delega
tions are arriving in town constantly. On
Tuesday' over 700 arrived from different
parts. Yesterday 779 Grand Army passen
gers arrived on the overland trains, Nos.
1 and 3, and two sections of No. Gt* They
came from different sections of the
country-
Next Saturday afternoon Major General
W. R. Shafter, -Department Commander
of the Grand Army; General George
Stone, chairman of the general committee
of management, together with members
of the executive committee of tho Thirty
seventh-National Encampment, will go to
Point Richmond to meet the incoming
commauder-in-chlff. General Thomas J.
Stewart of Pennsylvania, and escort him
to national headquarters in the Palac©
Hotel. Among the distinguished comrades
at present In San Francisco is General
Beaver, former Governor of Pennsylvania.
There is an undercurrent of gossip in
Grand Army circles that General Nelson
A. Miles, who is on his way to the en
campment, may enter the .contest for
commander-ln-chlef to succeed General
Stewart. A contest between'General Black
of Illinois and General Miles* for the first
place in the Grand Army would develop
considerable interest. '
FRESNO. Aug. 12.-An ultimatum : has
been issued to the raisin growers. The
directors of the Raisin Growers' Asso
ciation of . California have formulated - s a
statement for publication, in which they
state that they have come to the ' end
of their resources, and under these cir
cumstances and in order to stop. a use
less expenditure of '"time and. funds they
have resolved to medt on Tuesday, Sep
tember 1. If the shortage 'of 14.000 acres
be not signed up by that time the asso
ciation will be declared off for the sea
son, unnecessary expenditures of asso
ciation funds cease, all contracts be. re-'
turned and the offices closed.
In addition to the above the statement
declares: .. .
The director*. In publishing 1 the resolution,
wish to assure - the growers' that the life of
the association .' Is in -such a precarious con
dition that we recornize the. necessi'.y of giv
ing an exact statement of facts and con
dition* without exaggeration or bluff. Also
to assurp our friends who have signed con
tracts and who feel that their hands are
tied so long as their contracts* are held in
escrow -by the association that they are free
to maice their own arrangements on ! equal
terms with the outsiders. •-.". •? " : ¦:"
The directors believe, however,, that; if
at the eleven\h hour it is given' the re
quired ¦ acreage a price for raisins : can
be named on Septemberlcaual to that
of 1900—6, 6«4 and 7 cents— and will guar
antee an advance on all deliveries in the
«weatbox of 3 cents per pound on stand
ard raisins. ¦ 7., f
Little Hope Expressed
- for Recovery of
Patient.
Hamilton County Fac
tion Ready to
Protest.
Directors of Their Asso
ciation Issue an Ul
;" timatum. :/
Dr. Dorsey Denies That
He Instigated the
/Self-Torture.
WILD RIDE
WITH DRINK
GRAZED MAN
WILLIAM ENGLISH
SLOWLY SINKING
OHIO DEMOCRATS
IN CONTROVERSY
RAISIN GROWERS
ARE NOT UNITED
TELLS OF VISIT
TO THE INDIANS
WILL LOOK AFTER VETERANS.
Chief Wittman Issues an Order to
¦ Company Commanders.
Chief "Wittman issued the following or
der yesterday to company commanders in
connection with the approaching encamp
ment of the Grand Army:
In view of the fact that a large number of
strangers will .visit this city during the com
ing week in consequence of the national con
vention of the G. A. R. t I wish to Impress
upon you the .necessity of specially Instruct
ing . your respective commands to be particu
larly attentive, to the end that our visitors
may go home with a good opinion of us.
-¦ Have the ferries and railroad stations well
policed and the different thoroughfares wher«
the' large crowds will assemble doubly pa
trolled. Instruct your men to be courteous and
polite in answering questions and to g}ve all
desired Information fully.
I will send you pocket directories of the
hotels and rooming-houses in the city. Give
one , of these to every member of your com-'
mand and instruct to carry with them at all
times when on duty, as the strangers will no
doubt require to be directed to their lodgings
from time to time.
Alsa instruct your commands that in cbbc
they find any of the old veterans In a "tired"
condition not to ring up the wagon and send
them to ¦ the station, but to endeavor to find
out where they live and try to Ket them to
their lodgings. In fact, let us try to treat
these old veterans a* our guests, which they
really are, and as It is the last time they will
visit us. I would like a special effort made to
make their visit with us a pleasant one.
Special orders as to the details for the va
rious parades, receptions and other functions
will be issued to you In due time.
TKCXJRSIDAir, .A.TJG-. 2O,
MORNING. '
Opening session of the Thirty-seventh National En-
SPECIAL ZE3XOU .bdSIOlSrS.
The following week special excursions by rail to
Napa and Sonoma valleys. Veterans* Home at
Yountville, Sacramento and the Upper Sacra
mento Valley, Yosemite, Mariposa, Big Trees,
Santa Cruz, Monterey and all points in Southern
California.
CHAIRMAN OF THE GRAND ARMY COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTA
TION. AND EXCURSIONS, A MEMBER OF THE SAME BODY AND
VETERAN WHO IS ATTENDING TO THE PRINTING AND BADGES
SA.TTJTR.ID-A.Y, .A.TXO. 33.
SANTA CLARA COUNTY DAY.
Special trains by both broad and narrow gauge
routes to San Jose and return.
Illumination Triumphal Arch.
N RECEPTIONS DURING WEEK.
Receptions every afternoon and evening during the
v?eek by different posts of the G. A. ,R^ by W.
R. C, Ladies of the G. A. R. and kindred organi
zations at their different headquarters.
"W^EIDlSrESID^ir, .A.TJO. IB.
Grand Army parade, 9:30 o'clock. (See daily papers
for line of rxicirch
A TJTT? T> TVT f\ r\ KT
I~xlr X Hj XV X M V*/ \J AN •
Receptions and greetings at various headquarters.
REUNIONS.
First Missouri and Second U. S. Artillery, 2 o'clock,
Albion Hall, Alcazar, building.
Ninth Ohio Volnteer Cavalry, 4 o'clock, Y. M. C. A.
Hall. '
U. S. Maimed Soldiers' League, 2 o'clock Temple
Hall, 117 Turk street.
EVENING.
Grand vocal and instrumental concert, 7:30 o'clock,
at Mechanics' Pavilion.
W. R. C. reception to commander in chief at Golden
Gate Hall, 625 Sutter street.
Wisconsin Society of CivilWar reunion, B. B. Hall,
121 Eddy street."
Ladies' G. A. R. reception, Unions-square Hall, 421
Post street.
Illumination Triumphal Arch.
ACCORDING to a statement given
out by the Southern Pacific passen
ger department yesterday 4000 per-
sons bound for the coming encamp
ment in this city had passed through Og
den up to Tuesday night. . To-day and
from now on until next Sunday there are
scheduled to pass through Ogden 221 spe
cial cars of veterans and their relatives
end friends, numbering in all 5110 persons,
making the total Grand Army traffic by
s-l>ecial cars via that point nearly 10,000.
It is estimated that the regular trains of
the corrj,pany will bring to the city 5000
moreJiB^elers from the East. The Santa
Fe company, so far as reported, has eight
special trains en route to this city, the
majority of which will arrive here Sunday
and Monday, after their passengers have
visited Los Angeles and other points In
Southern California.
Yesterday was an exceedingly heavy
day for traffic along the Southern Pacific
Company's local line, where nearly all the
local trains had additional cars attached,
and in several instances the trains came to
the city and the Oakland mole in two
sections.
Members and friends of Post 117. G. A.
R.. of Pittsburg. Pa., have arrived In this
city after having visited Denver, Colorado
Springs and Salt Lake City. They are
making their headquarters at the Odeon
Hotel and annex, 74 Geary street.
One hundred and thirty-one veterans
fiom twenty-eight States and Territories
registered yesterday at the G. A. R. Bu
reau of Registration, 13 New Montgomery
street.
Colonel. Thurston, in charge of the bu
reau, requests veterans now in the city
and those to arrive to register their
names, posts and regiments and addresses
at the earliest possible moment. ,
HOLIDAY FOB SCHOOLS.
The Board of Education met yesterday
and by resolution declared Tuesday and
Wednesday, August 18 and 19, holidays
for the public schools in compliance with
a request filed By the G. A. R. Encamp
ment committee.
The following additional contributions
to the Grand Army Encampment fund
¦were reported at headquarters yesterday:
North Shore Railroad Company. $100; Lick
House. Jim*; California Powder Company, $30;
Rudolph Spreckel*. $20; Soda Water Manufac
turing Association. $50; Lunsmann & Broa..
$10; Dennis O'Sulllvan $10; Charles Krueckel.
$10; George Geovpcrt. $15; Theodore Herbert,
$l.t;-Knjmb A Miereon. $10; A. G. Hagctforn,
€20; fnlted Prates Laundry.; $10; Marks & Ad-
J«r. Jir>; B. Fallen A Co.. $5; W. B. Ilund. $5;
Gegjtus A Sheridan. $5: Gambrinas Bottling
Company. $5; Town*Iey A Bros, Lumber Com
pany. $5; William Schreiber A Co.. $10; Poly
& Hellbrou, $10; Giant Powder Company, $10;
Kook Wan A Co.. ,$13; Win* Chins Leon*. $5;
Wing Hong Khung. $3; Wing Cho Wo Company,
$15; Wing Ling Lung, $15; G. J. Johnson A
Co., $10; John A. Benson, $10; Henry Levl,
$10; Hotel Ft. Clenr-nt. $5; Mrs. Jacob Voor
s&nger. $5; Miss Sarah D. Hamlln. $3; previous
ly reported. $23,108 23; total, $23,708 25.
FBEPABE FOB PARADE.
The League of the Cross Cadets will pa
rade on Tuesday, 1500 strong, under com
mand of Colonel James Power, comman
der of the First Regiment, L. C. C. They
will be in full uniform, band, field music
and banners. Colonel . Power Is endeav
oring to have the companies of San Mateo
and Menlo Parlc join the San Francisco
companies in #he parade.. The greatest
enthusiasm prevails among the cadets at
the opportunity of parading on this occa
sion.
Tho details for the great parade on
Tuesday are not entirely complete, though
Grand Marshal Fuller feels confident in
.predicting that it will be the greatest dem
onstration of military, naval and civic or
ganizations ever seen in San Francisco.
Communications are coming In almost
hourly from organizations, asking for as
*=igniii«nt in the parade. As soon as the
line of march -Is-determined the formation
and all details will be published.
Captain John N. Shafter, brother of
General Shafter, the Department Com
mander of California and Nevada, is com
ing from Mexico with a number of Grand
A rmy veterans to attend the encampment
The delegation is composed of veterans
from Texas and Mexico. Captain Shafter
served as captain in the Nineteenth Mich
igan Infantry during the war. He has
been connected with tho Mexican Inter
national Railroad for the last twenty-one
years and has charge ol its customs de
partment.
Phclps Squadron. No. 12, Naval Veter
an?, expects to parade with full ranks
and make quite a good flhowine for so
young an organization. All unattached
naval veterans are invited to fall In with
PhHps Squadron for the parade on Tues
day, August 18, and be at the headquar
ters, O Eddy street, at 9 o'clock In the
morning, sharp.
The rehearsals of the grand chorus have
been most satisfactory. For the great en
tertainment In honor of the Grand Army,
to be given at the Mechanics' Pavilion on
Wednesday evening, August 19, a chorus
of 500 voices is being rehearsed, under the
direction of Professor John W. SIcKenzle.
All singers are urgently requested to at
tend the final meetings of the chorus to
be held on Friday. August 14. and on Mon
day, August 17, at S:30 p. m., at 305 JLar
kin street.
CBOWDS ABRIVING DAILY.
The first specie I, train carrying a- large
delegation from the East Is due here to
day. It is the jtpfrial from Plttsburg, Pa.,
bearing Abe Patterson Post from Alle
gheny, with about 250 passengers. Other 1
FRIDAY,-AUG. SI
MORNING.
Third session of the Thirty-seventh National En
campment, Grand Opera-house.
ALAMEDA COUNTY DAY.
Grand reception in the city of Oakland to visiting vet
erans and their friends.
Special train excursions to Big Trees and Santa Cruz.
; (Narrow gauge route.)
AFTERNOON.
Closing session of the Thirty-seventh National En
campment, Grand Opera-house.
,£ EVENING.
Campfire at Mechanics' Pavilion. Speeches by dis
tinguished visitors.
Spanish - American War Veterans* Reunion, B. B.
Hall, 121 Eddy street.
Ladies of the G. A. R., general reception, Union
square Hall, 421 Post street.
Illumination Triumphal Arch.
TUESDAY, ATJO. IS
'MORNING.
Grand parade of military, naval and civic organiza
- tions, 10 o'clock. (See daily' papers for line of
march.) ~ - v -
AFTERNOON.
Welcome by G.'A. R. organizations and kindred so
cieties at their „ several headquarters. . ',
Berdan's Sharpshooters' reunion, 2 o'clock, ' Al
bion Hall, Alcazar building. ; >:;
EVENING.
Reception to the. commander in chief of the Grand
Army of the Republic and members of the G. A.
R., W. R. C, L. G. A. R. and kindred associa
tions, 8 o'clock. Mechanics' Pavilion.
. RECEPTIONS.
Department of Illinois, W. R. C, at Palace Hotel.
Department of Missouri, W. R. C, at Palace Hotel.
Department of Ohio, W. R. C, at Palace Hotel.
Union ex-prisoners of war reunion at B. B. Hall, 121
Eddy street. Grand illumination Triumphal
Arch.
THE bureau of registration and in
formation of the G. A. R. Encamp
ment proves of great convenience to
visiting veterans and their friends.
The bureau is established at 19 New
Montgomery street, within a few yards
of the national headquarters, the commit
tee of general management, headquarters
of the Department of California and the
headquarters of all the principal organiza
tions and departments and -adjacent to
the leading hotels and the main business
center. The bureau is situated in a large,
airy and ..well lighted store, of ample
width and depth, equipped -with every
modern improvement. Colonel S. D.
Thurston is in charge of the bureau, aid-'
ed by a corps of able, intelligent and af
fable^ assistants, volunteers from the
Grand Army, Sons of Veterans and Span
ish-American. War. Veterans. Upon arriv
al every visitor is registered and a card
is filled out. .. in duplicate, one to be filed
in' the index remaining at the bureau, the
other to be retained by the visitor. a3 an
Identification card.,
REUNION OF COMBADES.
The system work3 admirably and for
mer friends and companions, who have
been separated since the war, have found
each other through the bureau and many
a thrilling story is recounted by the ven
erable warriors. The bureau will be open
all day for the "next two days,, but will
remain open all day and nearly all night,
commencing next Saturday and continu
ing until the end of the Grand Army En
campment, with a corps of clerks and
assistants constantly in attendance. Vis
itors will have the free use of the tele
phones, writing material, pamphlets and
literature.
The Grand Army postofflce has also
been established upon the premises for
the convenience of visitors, and two
clerks will be constantly in attendance.
The postofflce will be open all day.
The medical headquarters is also locat
ed on the premises, occupying the rear
portion of the store, partitioned off by
curtains made of American flags. Th*
place is bright and comfortable. A staff
of volunteers, composed of emlfient phy
sicians, surgeons and dentists, will be in
attendance at all hours of the day and
until late into the night, changing detaila
every two hours, and ever ready to re
spond to any call that may be sent in.
AMBULANCE CORPS.
Two ambulances will be stationed with
in a few steps of the headquarters dur
ing the day and one at night to answer
emergency calls. The place will be
equipped with emergency appliances and
restoratives.
Veterans are especially requested to call 1
at the bureau, if not upon arrival, as soon
thereafter as they can make it convenient,,
register, obtain all the information they
may ¦'desire" "ind prortire' 'the* necessary
badges, which they will, find of service,
not only to themselves but to the friends
•who may accompany them and who are
not members of the G. A. R. Available
bureaus of information will be established
at the halls where the principal meetings
will be held.
The reception committee. General Wil
liam K. Shafter, chairman, has estab
lished headquarters directly opposite the
bureau of information.
campment, 9:30 o'clock. Grand Opera-house,
Mission street, between Third and Fourth.
Opening session National Convention W. K. U, 10
o'clock. Golden Gate Hall, 625 Sutter street.
Opening session National Convention L. G. A. K.,
VALLEJO AND MARE ISLAND DAY.
9:30 o'clock, Union-square Hall, 42 x Post street.
Excursion by steamers to Vallejo and Mare Island.
Special railroad excursion to Del Monte, Monterey
and Pacific Grove.
AFTERNOON.
Second session of the Thirty-seventh National En
campment, Grand Opera-house..
Reception at Mark Hopkins Institute of Art, under
auspices of press committee, from 2 to 5.
EVENING.
Naval Veterans' Reunion and Dog Watch, B. B. Hall,
• 121 Eddy street.
Fife and Drum prize contest at Armory, First Artil
lery, N. G. C, 815 Ellis street, under manage
ment of National Association Civil War Musi
cians. ¦vp'~ ' .
Ladies of the G. A. R. reception to commander in
chief and comrades, Union-square Hall, 421 Post
street.
W. R. C, Department of Massachusetts, reception
Golden Gate Hall, 625 Sutter street.
Illumination Triumphal Arch.
MO3STD.A.Y, -A.TTO. V7.
MORNING AND AFTERNOON.
Reception of visitors by the several committees; as
signments to hotels and boarding-houses, and lo
cation of various headquarters.
EVENING. '
Reception by Lincoln Post No. i,; Department of Cal
ifornia and Nevada, Pioneer Hall, Fourth street,
.near Market.
Reception by George H. Thomas Post No. 2, Depart
ment of California -and Nevada, Steinway Hall,
Sutter street, near Kearny.
Reception by Garfield Post No. 34, Departmenti of
California and Nevada, Albion Hall, Alcazar
building.
Illumination Triumphal Arch.
Exchange Stories
of Battle and
Victory.
How the Veterans Will Be Entertained During the
National Encampment in This City.
OFFICIAL PROGRAMME FOR REUNION
OF THE GRAND ARMY OF REPUBLIC
Heroes Separated
Since the War
Reunite.
Rumor Says Miles
May Succeed to
Leadership
of the
wl« r\. Hi
Scores of Special
Cars Speeding
Toward City
With AI.I
Haste.
TRAINS BRING FIRST CONTINGENTS OF CITY'S WARRIOR GUESTS
AND HEARTY WELCOME IS EVERYWHERE EXTENDED THE VETERANS
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 13. 1903.
4
ADVERTISEMENTS.
l p CELEBRATED "W
To restore vigor to the system,
promote sound sleep and assist di-
gestion you should take a dose of
the Bitters before each meal. It
will cure Sick Headache, Ner-
vousness, Indigestion, Constipa-
tion, Dyspepsia and Kidney Trou-
bles. Be sure to try_ it.The condition of Dr. W. H. Lafferty.
who was shot' yesterday by his son-in
law, George C. Ilanley, In a family row
at •Point Richmond, Is so much Improved
that the attending surgeons predict he
will recover. Henley will be held In Jail
until Lafferty's condition will justify the
court in fixing: bonds. . • ',
Lafferty May Recover.
A meeting of the representatives of the
gas and electric companies of San Fran
cisco will be held in the Mayor's office
to-morrow af tertioon at 3 o'clock to dis
cuss the linemen's strike, and if possible
to arbitrate the differences. This sugges
tion was made at a conference of the
strikers held last week, and. as the rep
resentatives of the firms agree to attend,
it may result In a settlement of. the
strike.
Arbitration Committee Will Meet
Though she was married to Edgar
Giershoffer, a wealthy New York banker.
Ethel Giershoffer was once reduced to the
necessity of pawning her diamonds to
raise funds to provide her with suste
nance. It was because she had been
abandoned by her. husband 3000 miles
away from her home, relatives and
friends that the necessity arose. She was
granted a divorce yesterday. She began
the action some months ago, after having
made many appeals to Giershoffer.
She said that the marriage was in 1S92.
They lived in New York until 1901, when
they started on a tour of the world. She
went no farther, however, than this city,
remaining here while her husband went
to Japan. After an absence of several
weeks he returned, but much to her sur
prise did not remain, but went straight
to New York, where he is now, notwith
standing that he knew his wife was in
want. She wrote to him repeatedly, she
eays, but got no response, and she finally,
when her Jewelry -was gone and starva
tion stared her in the face, sought the
aid of her parents.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday
by Rosa Beck against Benjamin Beck for
failure to provide, Josephine L. Llbbey
against Albert Llbbey for cruelty, Kath
erlne G. Cashman against Henry D. Cash
man for cruelty, and D. E. Williams
against W. J. Williams for cruelty.
Divorces were granted to Neva H. Clark
from Horace G. Clark for cruelty, James
Redpath from Emma G. Redpath for de
sertion, Jassamine 'B. James from Frank
E. James for neglect, Susie. Leary from
John H. Leary for neglect and Adeline
Theresa Carmichael from George Car
michael for desertion.
She Is Granted a Decree of
Divorce From Man Who .
Abandoned Her.
Ethel Giershoffer Tells
Sad Tale to Judge *
Graham.
BANKER'S WIFE
PAWNS JEWELS
ELKINS. W. Va.. All*. 12. — The cornerstone
of the Davie-Elkins Presbyterian College, to
which former United States Senator Elkins
and Davla contributed more than $100,000. waa
UM to-<U». _._•_.;_ ..._._.___
OAKLAND, Aug. 12.— Smith and Lane,
the bogus "honest farmers," who have
been working fake damage suits, were
sentenced to ten years' imprisonment in
the State penitentiary at Salem, Or., for
perjury. They attempted to work '¦ their
bunko game In Astoria and were neatly
caught. The home of the men is in Con
tra Costa County. .:
Swindlers Beceive Heavy Sentence.
BERKELEY, Aug. 12-The Young
Men's Christian Association completed or
ganization last night by electing Assem
blyman "W. H. Waste president, E. S.
Page vice president and Leo S. Rodgers,
J. C. Forde and S. D. Waterman a com
mittee on membership. A committee con
sisting of E. S. Page, the Rev. C. K. Jen
ness and Leo S. Rodgers was appointed
to select rooms for the association's oc
cupancy.
Elects Officers.
Captain Eugene Crowe of Truck No. 1
was tendered a farewell banquet by his
comrades last night at the engine-house
at 22 O'Farrell street. Captain Crowe is
about to leav<» Truck No. 1 for duty on
Truck No. 10. He has always been very
popular with his comrades and they took
him by surprise last night.
Many prominent merchants and city
officials were present. Speeches were
made and toasts were responded to. After
the banquet several actors from Fischer's
and the Orpheum appeared and enter
tained the Jolly party. The Juvenile For
esters' Band rendered music and a most
pleasant evening was spent by the as
sembled guests.
Popular Captain of Truck 1 Taken
by Surprise and Serenaded
by Comrade?.
FIREMEN TENDER CROWE
A FAREWELL BANQUET
ALAMEDA, Aug. 12.— Thomas J. Duff
of 1615 Willow street has returned from
an outing in Lake County with a thirty
two caliber bullet lodged In the muscles
at the base -of his spinal column and
which his , rJ^sJdan says cannot be .re
moved wl(?i7rit crippling Duff. The
wound was 'Accidentally inflicted by the
discharge of a revolver in the hands of
Edward Hornwiski, a companion of Duff
on the outing.
Bullet Near Spinal Column.
In accordance with a request of the
Board of Works City Attorney Lane
brought suit yesterday in the name of
the city and county of San Francisco
against Harry Bush and Charles Bush to
secure the removal of a brick wall en
croachment upon Eddy street, near
Franklin. •
Sues to Remove Brick Wall.
l-reeciers on this side of the Atlantic, died at
iii* home hr-re to-day. His cattle had won in
numerable prizt-s fct all the tig shows during
th*- last thirty years.
HILLHURST. Quebec. Aug. 12— Senator
'~oc.hra.ne. one r.f the leading ehort horn cattle
Chief Wittman stated that the system
was perfect and that the police would
work in conjunction with it. Chief Hew
itt also gave a similar opinion.
The service has been In operation in
several large Eastern cities and nearly
every vault connected with extensive of
fices is protected by it. It »s proposed to
have the city treasury, the mint anJ the
Sub-Treasury In this city placed on the
company's board.
Everybody present expressed entire sat
isfaction. The perfection of the system
was explained by T. A. Cronln, Its inven
tor, and Frederick L. Esola, secretary
and general manager, and the impossibil
ity of any person tampering with the cir
cuit was made clear. By the use of the
double balanced relay, controlled in the
office, any break or attempt to sever the
current Is Immediately detected on the
•delicate apparatus in the company' 3 of
fice. ::
A number of Federal, city and banking
officials assembled yesterday afternoon In
the operating rooms of the San Francisco
Electric Protective Company at 239 Mont
gomery street to witness the workings of
the new burglar alarm service. Among
them were Chief of Police Wittmann,
Chief Hewitt of the Department of Elec
tricity, ex-Captain of Detectives Sey
mour. ex-Chief of Police Crowley, Fire
Chief Sullivan, ex-United States National
Bank Examiner William WIghtman, City
Treasurer McDougald. Civil Service Com
missioner P. H. McCarthy, Supervisors
Booth. Wilson and d'Ancona, Internal
Revenue Agent J. C. Lynch; Thomas
Burns of the United States Sub-Treasury,
ex-Mayor James D. Phelan, the presi
dents of the leading banks and proprie
tors of leading jewelry firms.
San Francisco Electric Protective
Company Exhibits Its Per
fected Apparatus.
OFFICIALS INSPECT
NEW ALARM SYSTEM
Mayor Schmitz stated yesterday that he
does not intend to take an unfair advan
tage of the possibility of Police Commis
sioner Newhall overstaying his leave of
absence. Ntwhall was granted a sixty
days' leave on June 19 last. His leave
will expire next Tuesday, August 18, and
he has until the next day to report for
duty. Before leaving ¦ the city Newhall
asiured the Mayor that he would notify
him should he decide not to return within
the sixty days, but no such notification
has yet been received.
Police Commissioner's Absence.
There are about twelve vacancies In
sergcantshlps to be filled, which will leave
a similar number of corporals to be ap
pointed.
The Civil Service Commission will hold
a competitive examination of applicants
for positions as chief plumbing Inspec
tor, Department of Health, on September
12, 1003. Applicants must file a proof of
knowledge of the trade and all applica
tions must be filed by September 4, 1903.
Writing of reports will be a test of the appli
cant's ability to write a correct report upon
conditions presented in a hypothetical case.
Arithmetic will be confined to primary exam
ples.
Spelling — A deduction of one-half of one
credit will be made for each misspelled word
throughout the examination.
Handwriting — Deductions of ' from 5 to 20
credits, in the discretion of the Commission,
will be made for illegible handwriting through
out the examination.
The Civil Service Commission will hold
an examination for promotions from cor
poral to sergeant In the Police Depart
ment on October 3. The medical examin
ation of applicants will be held on Sep
tember 24. The medical board will be
composed of physicians recommended by
Mayor Schmitz, Police Commission and
Civil Service Commission. The* scope of
the examination will be:
General knowledge of duties B, writing of re
port 1, arithmetic 1. seniority of service 1, mer
itorious service 1; total. 10.
General knowledge of duties will cover the
duties of the rank to which the applicant seeks
to be promoted, and will cover the rules and
regulations of the Police Department, the mu
nicipal ordinances, the Penal Code, and gen
eral knowledge of police duty.
Civil Service Commission Also Sets
Date for Test for Chief Plumb
ing Inspector.
WILL HOLD EXAMINATION
FOR POLICE PROMOTIONS
Police Commission Cases
The case of Officer Frank Hyland,
which was to have come up at a meet
ing of the Board of Police Commission
ers last evening, was set for hearing next
Monday afternoon. At the same time
a decision will be rendered in the case
cf Officer William P. Hooper, who is
detailed with the Society for the • Pre
vention of Cruelty to Animals, and
against whom the secretary of the so
dety made complaint. Charges against
William P. Quarrels were dismissed, as
were those against Patrolmen Morton
and Evatt. Charges of interring with
an officer preferred against Patrol Wagon
Driver Frank Barbee were dismissed and
John W. ONeil, serving in the same ca
pacity, was fined $5 for reporting late for
duty.
OAKLAND, Aug. 12.— Dr. O. C. Hyde
and W. W. Craig, paying teller at the
Union National Bank, were thrown out
of the physician's buggy In a runaway
this evening at 6:15 o'clock at the corner
of Twelfth and Jefferson streets. The
horse took sudden fright while passing
the corner and Dr. Hyde, who was driv
ing, lost control. Both Craig and the
physician were badly cut and bruised.
They were taken to their residence, 1107
Eighth street.
Hurt in a Runaway.
At the temporary organization Edward
Mills Adams was made chairman" and
George C. Sargent secretary-treasurer of
the section. To-morrow evening per
manent officers will be elected, by-laws
of the section adopted and plans adopted
for the future work of the section. A
paper on "The Naval War Game" will
be read by Mr. Sargent. All who are in
terested, in the objects of the league are
cordially invited to .be present at the
meeting.
A meeting for the organization of the
San Francisco section of the United
States Navy League will be held to-mor
row at 8 o'clock p. m., at the directors'
room. Pioneer building. The object of
the league is to spread information among
the people as to the necessity of increas
ing the navy of the United States and
that such Increase be made on a definite
plan. The league was organized In New
York City last December. A short time
ago application was made to the head
quarters In New York for the , establish
ment of a section In San Francisco. The
application was granted and the charter
was issued recently.
Officers Are to Be Installed at Pub
lic Meeting at Temporary
Headquarters.
WILL ORGANIZE BRANCH
OF THE NAVY LEAGUE
After tho «first crime Weymouth placed
a heavy padlock, in addition to the other
lock, on the door. This the criminals
must have discovered, for when Ihey vis
ited the place during the early hours of
yesterday morning they were prepared
with a locksaw. They operated cleverly
and the detectives say that It must have
taken them at least half an hour to saw
out the section of the door on which the
lock was fastened. After this they en
tered and carried away thirteen boxes of
cigars, nineteen gallon Jugs of whisky
and a two-gallon jug of port wine.
Just- how this bulk of stuff was taken
from the place unseen is a mystery. It
is the theory, however, that the property
Is stored somewhere In the neighborhood
and that a gang of burglars, responsible
for several other crimes, have their den
not far distant. Four empty cigar boxes,
from which the cigars had been dumped,
were found but half a block distant and
this supports such a theory. It is also
believed that the thieves made several
trips to the place, taking 'as much as
they could carry each time and conceal
ing themselves when the different patrol
men passed.
What the detectives pronounce to have
been one of the most clever jobs done
by burglars for some time was discovered
early yesterday morning at 211 Jones
street. A liquor store, conducted by
Frank Weymouth, had been entered and
an unusually large quantity of stock
stolen. The thieves opened one lock with
a skeleton key and then, being retarded
by a padlock, sawed a section of the
door out In such a manner as to re
lease the lock and, after they had de
parted, to prevent discovery of the crime
until daylight. Captain Martin had De
tectives Harper and Bell work on the
case until a late hour last night, but
the crooks were not apprehended.
This Is the second time within the last
month that Weymouth's store has been
visited by burglars, and a restaurant ad-
Joining was entered during the latter part
of July. On the first occasion the rob
bers contented themselves with what
cash was In Weymouth's register. They
entered with skeleton keys and went
away with $30. Then followed the burg
lary in a restaurant conducted by Mrs.
C. Moody at 203 Jones street. This time
provisions and cigars valued at $50 were
stolen. They were bulky and must have
been carried away piecemeal or in a
vehicle.
"I should have liked very much to have
kept the tablets as curios," said Captain
Anderson yesterday, "but I felt that I
was not entitled to retain them and my
sense of honor impelled me to offer them
to the Government, of which I am a l.iyal
and devoted servant."
The captain said further that the Chi
nese regard very highly such tablets and
as an illustration of the value that the
Chinese Government places upon the
treasures of the Forbidden City, he nar
rated an incident that came under his ob
servation while sojourning In Manila. He
learned that one of the sergeants of his
command sold to a representative of the
Chinese Government an imperial Jade seal
for $S00 in gold.
Customs Surveyor Spear gave Captain
Anderson an official letter thanking him
in the name of the Government for the
return of the tablets. They will be placed
In possession of the Chinese Embassador.
Gracefully and honorably, and with due
respect for the ethics of the American
army service, Captain A. V. P. Anderson
of the Sixth United States Cavalry turned
over to Customs Surveyor Spear yester
day three Jade tablets, looted from the
ancestral temple in the Forbidden City,
Peking.
Captain Anderson explained that while
sojourning in Yang Tsun, China., a
Russian officer, under the jovial Influence
of the Inebriating cup, presented him with
the three imperial tablets. Two of the
polished stones are engraved in the
Manchu character, and the third
bears the mandarin lettering. The tab
lets had been part of much treasure that
had been looted by Russian soldiers, the
remainder of the book being at the pres
ent time in St. Petersburg. Immediately
upon his arrival here on the transport
Logan Captain Anderson notified the cus
toms officials that he had the jade tablets
among 1 Is effects and that he wished to
surrender them to the United States Gov
ernment.
the streets repaired, for it is feared that
seme fatal accident will soon occur un«
Ics3 something is done to prevent it.
The residents of that district are doing
all in their power to have the condition
of the highways Improved, but so far
they have be?n unsuccessful in their ef
forts.. Many are now thinking of taking
up a collection for the purpose of having
I. s: .Tuesday evening a lady and a
pentleman were driving near Fortieth
avenue and L streets when the vehicle
in which they were seated suddenly slid
down the bank on account of the nar
rowness of the road. The couple were
hadly shaken up and had a narrow escape
from death.
The citizens of the park and ocean
beach districts. In the vicinity of Ocean
eide, formerly known as Carviile. and
from Thirtieth to Fiftieth avenues, are
up in arms against the lax methods of
the Board of Public Works in allowing
the Ftreets in that district to rfmain in
an unsafe condition. Accidents are of
frequent occurrence and many persons
have had miraculous escapes from instant
death.
Citizens Unsuccessful in Their Ef
forts to Compel Authorities to
Repair Thoroughfares.
ROADS IN PARK DISTRICT
DANGEROUS TO TRAVELERS
The resignation of Harriet E. Worden,
teacher in the John Swett School and Be
atrice Reynolds, teacher of classics in the
Girl's Hieh School, were accepted.
Leaves of absence were granted to J.
H. Phclps and Mary Barrett..
Th« Board of Education adopted yester
day a resolution rejecting tae bid of R.
Dalzell for the contract to Install a heat
ing plfcnt in the Noe Valley School build-
Ing for the sum of J5TT9. The bid was ac
cepted ten d«~ys ago by the Board of
Works, which, however, had failed to file
an estimate of cost with the Board of
Education as the law provides.
The bid was rejected, not only because
It is considered excessive, but because the
plans contemuJate the heating of the
school building by steam, to which the
Board of Education is unalterably op
pesed. Director Roncovleri's motion that
ell other bids contemplating heating by
steam be rejected on the ground that such
h rating Is a menace to the lives of the
pupils was adopted. The action cf the
board will necessitate- the preparation of
rew p!ar.s excluding the use of steam and
the issuing of an invitation for new bids
for the work.
Mrs. Susie Hart beir.g number 1 on the
substitute list was assigned to the new
class in the Columbia Grammar SchooL
The following named, being next In or
der In the teachers' competitive examina
tion, held in June, 1903, were placed on
the day substitute list: Miss Marie E.
Geary. Miss Ida M. Manley. Miss Emma
McGowan, Miss A. M. Loehr and Miss
Elois D. Harrison. They were instructed
to report for duty immediately.
The Board of Public Works filed its an
nual report for the fiscal year 1902-1&B
# with Mayor Schmitz yesterday. The re
port should have been filed under the
charter on August 1 last, but pressure of
other official business delayed the work
for ten days. The report. In addition to
the figures given in last Sunday's Call,
saye:
There vai appropriated for the work and
maintenance of the. department the mm of
SS57.1O7. of which $17.««0 was not expended.
The illuminating of the City Hall dome left a
deficit In the lighting fund of J325 53. The
number of gas lamps was Increased from 5019
to riio> and the number of arc lighta from. £25
to 932.
The board relteratea its recommendation that
the city secure an adequate water supply from
the Tuolumne River and refers to former re
ports of the City Engineer on the subject.
Colonel Mendell, the late president of the
Board, outlined the Improvement of Third street
f rcm Mission to Channel streets, now under
way, and the City Engineer has been requested
to report upon the possibilities of extending
the improvement southerly. The utter inade
quacy of the appropriation for repairing bi
tuminous pavements is again called attention to.
SEWER SYSTEM PLANS.
The revised plans for a sewer system call
for the expenditure during four years of $7.
250,000. for which a bond issue Is proposed.
¦\Ve again refer to the neceeslty of amending
the charter in the matter of paying for public
work before any works of magnitude shall be
undertaken. The charter now provides that
these works shall be paid only upon comple
tion and this plan will not be feasible where
the expenditure le Involved.
The vital matter of securing a municipal
water supply has In some way been allowed
to fall in the rear and does not appear in the
list of projects to be submitted to the voters.
Water supply so far outranks all other mat
ters that they could well be allowed to rest un
til the water question has been settled. i
The fait that the Supervisors have not ap- I
propriated money to repair accepted streets has j
resulted in a number of individual law suits i
for damages agttlr.st the members of the Board. I
which will exercise a restraining influence in I
the acceptance of the onerous duties assigned j
to this board.
COST OF NEW BUILDINGS.
New buildings estimated to cost $15,603,332 50
were approved and ?1.47O,4riO was the esti
| mated cost of alterations and additions to
i buildings. In addition 1729 permits were issued
I without charge, the estimated cost in each In-
I stance being less than S.ViO.
The additions built to schools in the last
three years have added more than 3000 seats.
The amount and character of work done has
been coramvnded, despite the complaint*
against the condition of public schools. Add!- j
tional buildings are undoubtedly needed, but
not to the extent which biased outcry has called
for.
This board takes nc-a^lon to acknowledge
the faithful work done by ttn officers and
employes. The executive officers and office em
ployes have been frequently called upon for ser
vice beyond the hours prescribed by law, for
which no additional compensation is allowed.
The field forces of craftsmen and laborers are,
as is customary, allowed extra compensation
! for such service.
When the reoort was put In the hands
of Commissioner Schmitz for his signa
! ture that official stated that he would not
sign the document, because there were
some things In It he did not approve of.
Schmitz said he did not consider that the
j employes were overworked, which the last
I portion of the report would Jead one to
believe.
THIRD-STREET BRIDGE.
At the meeting of the Board of Works
yesterday the City Engineer submitted a
diagram showing the location of a pro
posed steel bridge to span Channel street
j at Third. The bridge will be built by tiie
I Santa Fe Company and will be a "two- i
leaf Page Bascule" bridge. The board I
approved <he diagram which is to be i
transmitted to the Harbor Commission
for Its approval.
The board denied the petition of Stan
ley Fay for permission to bltumlnlze Lin
den avenue between Buchanan and Web
ster street on the ground that the grad
ient is above 8 per tent, and requires a
strip of basalt paving fourteen feet wide
in the center of the roadway. The Board
of Supervisors had already given author
ity to Fay to do the work.
The board directed the United Railroads !
to cease putting in a cobblestone pave- j
ment on Twenty-fourth street near San J
Bruno avenue, as the specifications call j
for a. bituminous pavement. ;
Elects Five Additional Teach
ers From the Eligible
List
Voluntarily Donates to the
Government Three
Jade Tablets. .
Commissioner Schmitz Does
Not Think Employes
Are Overworked.
Detectives Think That Crooks
Have a Lair in the
Z , Neighborhood.
Jones-Street Burglaries
Are^ Investigated
by Sleuths.
Expresses Disapproval
• of Steam-Heating
Plant.
Gives Additional Fig
ures on Expenditures
and Receipts.
Gallant Act of- Captain
Anderson of Sixth
Cavalry.
SCHOOL BOARD
REJECTS BID
WORKS BOARD
FILES REPORT
ARMY OFFICER
RETURNS LOOT
CLEVER THIEVES
PUZZLE POLICE
THE SAN FKAKCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 13, 1903.
Francis H. Kuntz, a bartender residing
at 3115 Sixteenth street. ' was knocked
down by a real estate wagon at' the cor
ner of Sixteenth and Mission streets yes
terday afternoon and painfully injured.
Two of his ribs were broken and his hip
was bruised. He was treated at the City
and County Hospital.
Injured by a Wagon.
5
DoveShooting
Is Good Now
Paso Roblcs
Hot Springs
For Particulars Write <
' W. A. JUNKER. (
i i Lessee- and Manager. .-. '
, Paso Robles, CaL '
1 Or Call On
1 THOMAS COOK * EON.
< 623 Market Street.
i San Francisco-
1 Information Bureau. Southern Pacific. '
< 613 Market Street.
i \
-...» -
napa Napa County,
SODA SPRINGS,! Cal.
FOR HEALTH AND PLEASURE GO TO
Napa Soda Springs. Situated 1000 feet above
the beautiful Napa Valley. Hot and cold soda
baths. Shetland ponies and burros for children.
Two trains dally 7:30 a. m. and 4 p. m. Add.
DOLLMANN & JACOBS. Napa Soda Springs.
BARTLETT SPRINGS
Now is the time to re-
gain your health and
have a good time.
Write J. E. McMAHAN, Bart-
lett Springs, Cal.. or apply at No.
2 Suttcr St., S. F., for full informa-
tion.
Pamphlets Mailed on Application.
HOTEL
Del Monte
The only xolf links in California with full
18- hole course equipped with perennial turf
greens. This course is provided exclusively tor
tbe guests of the hotel.
POLO, AUTOMOBILINQ,
GOLF AND SWIMMING-
The year round. Rates. $3 50 per day and op.
Special rates by the month on application to
GEORGE W. REYNOLDS. Mgr.
PARAISO SPRINGS
MOUTTEBET COUNTY. CAI..
The leading Summer Resort of the
Pacific Coast. Hot Soda and Sulphur
Baths, large Swimming Tank, first-
class table. Send for beautiful illus-
trated booklet and rates to F. 1 W.
Schroeder, Manager, or San Francis-
co Agent, il Montgomery street.
AUGUST AND SEPTEMBER SHOULD BS SPZHT AT
iETNA SPRINGS.
Here everything combines to make an Ideal
pleasure place. Mountain air and health-
Bivlng waters. Splendid table service and
home-like rooms. Fishing, swimming, bowling,
driving. Buy tickets to Aetna Springs and re-
turn $7 round trio from San Francisco.
' AETNA SPKIKGS COiXFAXTJ
Aatna Spring*. Kapa Co.. Cal.
NEW ANNEX
GOLF LINKS.
ORCHESTRA.
HOTEL VENDOME,
SAN JOSE. CAI*
SWIMMING.
BOWLING,
AUTOMOBILES-
Adams Springs
LAKE COUNTY. CAL.
STILL HAS THE CROWD.
BEST WATER.
SUPERIOR SERVICE.
During the month of August the celebrated
Merced Concert Band in full uniform will b«
at the ¦Prln S s. R r PRAT HEB, Prop.
YOSEIYIITE VALLEY
ONLY IS HOURS FROM SAN FRANCISCO.
OVER OILED ROADS via WAWONA AND
INSPIRATION POINT.
THE ONLY ROUTE TO MARIPOSA BIO
TREES!
THE ONLY ROUTE VIA INSPIRATION
/POINT!
For particulars 'address A. S. MANN. 613
MARKET ST.. SAN FRANCISCO.
HOTEL WILLITS.
First "season. New building; up to data
equipment; over a hundred rooms, handsomely
furnished: large dining-room; rooms en suit*
with private baths: hot and cold water; elec-
tric lights; first-class plumbing and perfect
sewerage. Redwoods and mountainous country
around w.th all their pleasures; center of the
deer hunting and fishing of Mendocino County.
$2 to $3 SO per day: 910 to $13 per week. Ad-
dress WILLIAM WEIGAND. Manager, Wll-
llts. Mecdocino County, Cal.
KLAMATH SPRINGS.
BESWICK. SISKIYOU CO.. CAL.
Finest fishing, hunting and liealth resort on
tbe ccasL Send for booklet.
EDSON BROS.. Proprietors.
Campbell Hot Springs.
16 hours' rail to Boca: stage tor springs con-
nects 6 p. m. train from city; round trip. In-
cluding stage. $14 50. good for season. Rates.
$10 per week.
BONNIE NOOK.
Alt. 4000 ft.; halt ml. *ta.; cottages, tents,
boating, bowling, elect, lights. H. D. WIARD.
Towle. Placer County. CaL ¦
GARDEN jf CITY SANITARIUM SA: c A 1° SE -
Hydrotherapy, electricity. X-ray, massage, etc
Modern. Ideally located. Send for literature.
, flEED DtDI/ IMV and cottc ;es; C ml. from
DECK rAKR lm> Lake Tahoe: open June
1: elev. 6507 ft.: mineral spgs. Traveler. 63O
Mkt st.: booklet. J. B. Scott. Doer Park. CaL
rifii r CT 1 HI EC Uklah. Tourlets. camp-
CAULC MADLEj erj. hunters. Write to H.
A. Eldred tor rates for any kind of turnout.
lUOUHBl SPRINGS
Located tin* miles northeast of B«! B!uS on
the line of the Southern Pacific Railroad.
The undersigned begs to Inform the pubilo
that It has succeeded to th« ownership and
management of these famous springs, and It
Is their putpoio to conduct them in a manner
that will Insure such cars and comfort to Its
patrons as will be thoroughly satisfactory. Par-
ticular attention will be given to the cnlilno
and dicing-room service. Furthermore. It is
tbe Intention of the new owners to extensively^
improve and beautify the property — which,
added to the marvelous curative properties of
tbe various springs in cases of Gout. Rheuma-
tism. Catarrh of the Bladder Gravel. Diabetes.
Kidney Troubles of every variety. Urtnary trou-
bles. Skin Diseases Dyspepsia. Cystitis and
Blood Diseases of every description will plae*
the "TUSCAN SPRINGS" In the front ranlc
of the famous mineral springs of the world.
Cases of RHEUMATISM GOUT AND ALI*
BI.OOI> DISEASES WILi; BE ACCEPTED
T'.VDER A GUARANTEE THAT THET WILL.
BE CURED WITHIN A SPECIFIED TIMS
OR ALL. EXPENSES INCLUDING RAIL-
WAT FARE. WILL BE REFUNDED.
These wonderful springs can be reached by
the Soutbvrn Pacific Company's system of rail-
way; and - its connections throughout th«
United States.
Tuscan Mineral Springs Corporation.
An experienced physician resides at the springs.
Stater* transfer service between Red Bluff and
Tuscan Sprirgs
Fur rates cf fare and routes of travel apply
to any Souther? Pacific Railroad Agent.
fsliOTEL CAPIT0UW
CAPITOI.A, CAI..
The Seaside Besort of Central El
California. H
Only three and a half hours from |
Ban Francisco. Konnd trip rate, t
Boating 1 on River, rishingr, Snrf I]
Bathing', Naphtha Launches. Or- ti
chestra. Band Concerts. Bowling, gj
Board Walks. Special Amuse- f}
ments for Children. 3
¦ An^nst ana September Ideal M
I Months. H
¦ Salmon Tishtn? now at Its N
| height. Electric Railway to Santa HI
¦ Cruz, four miles. n
1 More lcfcrmation and descriptive bock »
4 by call ins on Peck's Bureau. 11 Mont- n
m gomery st.. San Francisco, or by ad- m
ft dressing Hotel Capttola. Cspltola. Cai. H
Santa Calalioa Island
3H Hours From Los Aogsles.
Season 1903.
Oar Marine Band of 30 Artists.
OUTDOOR PASTIMES. BOATING. BATH-
ING. FISHING. GOLF. ETC.
Tiie Famous Canias City Is Now Open!
With aa Entirely New Equipment. In Shady
Grovs.
HOTEL METBOPOLE,
With Modern Appointments. Always Open.
Reservations Mad*. Address
BANNING COw 222 SOUTH SPRING ST..
LOS ANGELES. OR
PECKTB BUREAU. 11 MONTGOMERY ST..
BAN FRANCISCO.
Tahoe Tavern at Lake Tahoe
Is now open for thy reception of guests.
Our patrons of last season say: "Ta«
ho* Tavern Is tho equal of any summer
resort hotel In tho world."
and that Lake Tahoe has no equal. Visit us
and prove statement for yourselves. Rates
from $3.50 per day upward. For particulars
or reservation of rooms address Tahoe Tavern.
Tahoe City. Cal. -
Seigler Hot Springs.
Natural hot baths, wondsrfu! stomach waters,
swimming pond, games, livery: $9 to $1* per
week. Booklets at Peck's. 11 Montgomery at..
or H. H. McGOWAN. Beigler. Lake Co.. CaU
OWN A HOME MEEKER
Free from fog and wind. Lots $10 no. Cot-
tages built by Meeker. $30 up. Boating, bath-
ing, tenting ground; rawmill. depot, store. P.
O. Sausalito ferry. M. C. MEE—ER. Camp
Meeker. Sonoma County.
VICHY SPRINGS.
3 miles from Ukiah, Mendocino Co. Natural
electric waters, champagne baths. Only piae»
in the world of this class. Fishing, hunting.
Crystal Springs. Accommodations: table first-
class. J. A. REDEMEYER St CO.. Props.
FESCAOSSO.
Swanton House, under new management,
popular hotel of San Mateo Co. Commodious
cottages, beautiful grounds, famous pebbl-*
beach fishing, hunting, sea bathing. Phon».
Rates! $8 and $10 per week. W. L. STEVEN3.
Proprietor.
rBEEMAlT HOTEL.
Auburn. Placer Co.. Cal. Most popular sum-
mer and winter resort in the foothills. Eleva-
tion 1400 feet. Electric bells. Electric llghu.
Prices moderate. Address
FREEMAN & WALSH. Proprietors.
BXROESHEiai — In the Santa Cruz red-
woods: $7 and $S weekly. For circulars writ*
Mrs. E. Wllken. R. F. P.. box 121. Santa Cru»
4 ddttn
Truth Back of All Our
Statements. _^
as to our laundry work. The more you
Investigate the better you wllrte pleased
by our work and methods, comparison of
which we seek. Truth to tell. It would
be difficult to find any cne who would
speak ill of our way of laundering linen.
No saw edses.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
orriCE 1004 market street,
j Near Powell.
WeeHy Can $1.00 pr Year
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Of Insanity Despite
Doctor's Care.
Nervous Cramps in
Hands and Feet.
Dr. Miles' Nervine Waa
My Salvation.
Sleeplessness is at once a symptom and a
disease. Just as soon "a* the nerves become
drranged the patient suffers from sleepless-
ness. Deprived of their natural rest the
aerres soon lose all force and vitality and
while sleeplessness is a symptom in such
cases it iremjentlT becornes chronic and
remains tbe chief effect of disordered nerves.
Dr. Miles* Nervine quiets the nerves and
strengthens them; soothes the tired brain
and permits sleep; restore* lost ecerpy and
vitality and brings sleep, health and strength.
"Previous to our corning to the territory
three vears ago, we lived In Virginia, and it
was there that I get acquainted with the
wonderful powers of Dr. Miles 1 Nervine. I
had been ender the doctor's care and taking
his medicine for over two years, but the nerv-
ous trouble that was gnawing my life away
grew steadily worse. I had nervous cramps
m my hands and legs, which would draw op
and pain me so that I could not sleep at
night. Often I never closed ray eyes for
day* and nights together. Tbe doctor finally
told me he could do nothing more for me and
that I was on the xerze of insanity. He told
me I migflt try your Nervine as a last resort
aad it proved to be xny salvation. When I
had used four bottles of the remedy together
with the Nerve and Liver Pills I had re-
ciined my former rood health." — M*s.
Martha J. Skeffer, Omer, Oklahoma.
A!l drurgists sell and guarantee first bot-
tle Dr. Miles' Remedies. Send for free book
on Nervous and Heart Diseases. Address
Dr. Miles Medical Co, Elkhart, lad.
" ADVEBTISEMENTS. •
TpWENTY totally new patterns
A in the best grade of Tapestry
Brussels carpets we have yet of-
fered in San Francisco at the
figure have just been placed on
our display floors. The price, 8>
cents the yard, includes sewing,
lining and laying.
Another line at 75 cents the
yard—ten new patterns.
Seeing is believing. We don't
fear comparisons. See our lines
last— but see them sure before
957 to 977 MARKET STREETThe fanatical Doukhobor women who recently
gave way to the frenzied pleadings of an agitator and
started naked on a pilgrimage, only to be lashed
home by their husbands, have at least served to cor
rect a peculiar modern impression. It has been gener
ally supposed that only the ladies within the pale of
civilization have been eager to show as much of
themselves as possible' .
All roads lead to Roosevelt. He represents all that
the Honor Bright Democracy stood for in 1896 and
1900, and hundreds of thousands of De'mocrats of
that kind, and also those who, like. Mr. Brewster, fol
lowed Bryan in both years, turn to him and will
support him. In politics the country is about to enter
another Golden Age like that of Monroe's time.
LAWYER BREWSTER, Mr. Bryan's manager
in his two campaigns, for Brooklyn and Kings
County, New York,, was interviewed as to his
leader's speech at Urbana and said: "Mr.. Bryan's at
tack yesterday on Mr. Cleveland convinces me that
Mr. Bryan's poise and balance are lacking. If I had
been a candidate for the Presidency I should con
sider it beneath my dignity to call an ex-President
a bunko steerer. That speech of Mr. Bryan is not
the only one of his speeches which has my disap
proval—four or five of his other speeches recently
have contained remarks which were distasteful to me.
If the party hopes to win it "must get back to the
solid Cleveland principles — those of Jefferson."
When asked, "What is your politics. at present, Mr.
Brewster?" he replied: "I have no party now. I
was born a Democrat and want to be one now, if I
can. But I cannot indorse the Democratic party in
its present shape." The interviewer then asked him.
"Who do you think will be the next President?" and
he answered, "Theodore Roosevelt will be elected,
easily."
ALL ROADS LEAD TO ROOSEVELT
Lieutenant Frederick J. Home and
bride (formerly Miss Alma McClung) will
spend the remainder qf their honeymoon
at Puget Sound, as the steamship Alert,
to which the groom belongs, is assigned
to that vicinity. u
Mrs.' Gardner Shaw and Mrs. Hilda
Baxter are at Blythedale.
Mr. and Mrs. Frederick Marriott Jr.
have returned from Del Monte, which
was the last stopping* place on their wed
ding trip.
Mr. and Mrs. George McNear Jr. have
taken the Bishop residence on Pacific
avenue for the coming season.
Lieutenant Guy T. Scott, U. S. A., has
been ordered to Baltimore to report to
Major William A. Nichols, recruiting of
ficer, for duty as assistant. . .
Mr, and Mrs. Robinson Riley are spend
ing the summer very quietly at Miramar,
near Santa Barbara. So well does the
climate agree with the baby that the lit
tle family contemplates spendingthe win
ter at Miramar.
Mr. and Mrs. Gerhard Wempe are hav
ing their honeymoon abroad. They have
recently been enjoying the sights of Lon
don and are spending the present month
in Scotland and Ireland. When last seen
they were looking extremely well.
Miss Etelka Willlar and Miss Anna
Sperry are expected from Oregon about
September 1.
WHILE the campaign of education against
the use of child labor in the mills of the
Southern States has not had the effect in
tended, it has not been altogether without good re
sults. The Southern mill-owners, instead of co
operating with the movement, turned upon their
Northern critics with charges that the employment of
children in factories is almost as common in the
North as in the South, and that the critics should re
form their own States before trying to reform those
of other people.
Such a method of meeting the agitation against
Southern child labor is not logical, for it is clear
that the violation of a child labor law in the North is
no reason why the South should have no such
law at -all. Still, while illogical, the answer has been
in some measure effective. It has caused a number
of earnest reformers to search out the facts, and the
result is that we have now a pretty clear proof that
the labor laws of several of our largest manufacturing
States are habitually violated, and that the campaign
of education in the interests of the children will have
to be waged as actively in the North as in the South.
In the course of their investigations the advocates
of the children have given a good deal of attention
to the glass bottle factories of New Jersey, Pennsyl
vania, Ohio, Indiana and Illinois, and as a result have
discovered that th'e employment of children is quite
common in such places. In some instances the sto
ries are almost sensational. Thus one authority is
quoted by the Boston Transcript as saying: "For
years the rumor refused to die out that certain chari
table institutions of Philadelphia systematically fur
nished orphan boys who had reached the twelfth
birthday to glass works in New Jersey, where the law
until this year permitted boys to begin work at that
tender age. These orphans were nominally adopted
by glassblowers, whose slaves they became. Within
a year applications have been made to a philanthro
pist in New Jersey for young lads to be 'adopted' by
glassblowers, who were required' to furnish more
boys than thev could obtain."
The publication of such facts has had the effect of
making the campaign much more earnest than it
«vcr could have been had it been confined to some-
CHILD LABOR PROBLEMS.
SOCIETY FINDS
NO EXCITEMENT
DURING AUGUST
A woman of this city wants a divorce because, she
says, her husband has forced her, in a daily display of
cruelty, to place on his feet his shoes and stockings,
adding to the indignity an occasional cuff about the
ears during the process. It would be interesting to
know what the lady would demand if, in her com
plaint, she would recite that in the silences of the
night she had to take her husband's shoes and stock
ings off.
NEW YORK, Aug. 12.— From San Fran
cisco—I. I. Brown, at the Savoy; A. El
lis, at the Grand Union; W. H. Murray,
at the Cosmopolitan; Miss H. Dlnan, at
the Victor; W. O. Franklin, at th© Man
hattan; G. W. Myers, at the Hotel Im
perial; J. B. Cosgrove, at the Cadillac.
Californians in New York.
Another sign of encouragement for the early ac
quisition of the territory necessary for the construc
tion of the Panama canal has appeared on the inter
national political horizon. It consists in renewed
activity on the part of the opponents of the canal in
Colombia. After all the fuss is over we will be in a
position not to underestimate the value of what we
have secured.
William Herring, formerly Attorney
General of Arizona and now counsel for
the Southern Pacific Company, with head
quarters at Tucson, is in the city and is
a guest at the Palace.
George J. McCarty, who is superintend
ing- extensive mining operations in the
State of Sonora, Mexico, arrived in this
city yesterday and is stopping at the Pal
ace.
Assistant Adjutant General W. S. Bang
ham is down from Sacramento and is reg
istered at the Grand.
Jules Bloch, a steel manufacturer - of
Switzerland, who is inspecting the steel
interests of this country, is registered at
the Palace.
Judge E. C. Hart of Sacramento is at
the Grand.
J. W. Forgeus. an attorney of Santa
Cruz, is at the California.
Rev. Father Edward Donnelly of
Marshfield, Ore., is stopping at the Lick.
John McGonigle', a prominent business
man of Ventura, is stopping at the Cali
fornia. •
The ground that it covers, the kind and
amount of information that it gives, and
the well considered, sensible arrangement
thereof, with the "Table of Contents" In
the front and the alphabetically arranged
Index in the back show that the book has
been prepared with great care.
It Is a well bound pocket size volume of
112 pages, thin and of light weight. There
are no added leaves for advertisements
and the descriptive text is as plain and
yet as full and comprehensive as to nec
essary facts as could be desired. The
work is a credit to the committee.
"San Francisco and Its Environs" is
the title of a useful and timely book just
Issued by the California Promotion Com
mittee of San Francisco.
It contains a vast amount of Informa
tion, not only answering the many ques
tions strangers are wont to ask, but also
much that some people long resident here
would find It advantageous to know. It
is full of suggestions as how to best spend
leisure time.
A Useful Little Book.
Mrs. Bingo— Oh, dear! do you think that
death ends all?
Bingo— All but the estate. The lawyers
end that.— Judge.
D'Auber— I only got VZ for that paint
ing.
Friend— "Well, you didn't put much work
on It.
D'Auber— What! I guess you never saw
me trying to sell it.— Philadelphia Ledger.
Grocer's clerk— Do you want any kind
of breakfast food, elr?
Customer— No; I always eat a food
breakfast.— Chicago Tribune.
Townsend's California place- traits and
candlea, 50c a' pound. In artlstlo flre~
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends, 713 Market St.. above Call bid*. •
Special information supplied dally to
business Houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping? Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main VH2. - • '
Having attained such results from the primaries,
the rank. and file of the Republican party can now
look to the future with an assured hope of success
in the elections. The party convention is to be made
up of racn from whom good nominations may be
safely expected. The prospects are that the ticket
will be sufficiently strong to command the support
not only of all loyal Republicans but of all indepen
dents as well. Under such circumstances we may
count upon having a complete Republican adminis
tration for the ensuing term of city and county of
fice;, and the party will have the prestige of in
augurating "the new and better San Francisco," for
which public sentiment is now ripe. Moreover, the
success of good men in the Republican camp will
have its effect upon the Democratic and the Union
Labor conventions, and each will perceive the neces
sity of putting its strongest men to the front. The
outlook, then, is promising for a campaign of clean
politics. That much is virtually assured by the re
sults of yesterday, and our people have an excellent
object lesson to teach them the value of attending
•rftnarir* and votinz riffb*
WITH the results of the primary elections
the great masses of the people of San Fran
cisco are doubtless well satisfied. They
have at any rate abundant cause for satisfaction.
There was a sufficient amount of interest taken in
the contests ot each of the parties to bring out a
fairly go/»d vote, and in nearly every instance there
was a victory for the rank and file against the
machinations of the bosses and their gangs.
A total vote of something more than 26,000 is not
large for a city of the population of San Francisco,
but it is so much better than the vote of some pre
vious primaries that it may be regarded as an evi
dence of an increasing interest among the people in
municipal politics and a more careful attention to
public affairs. Furthermore, the voting this time was
dene largely by men of independent minds and of
genuine party loyalty, and in that respect the elec
tion is one of the most notable in the annals of the
city.
The salient features of the result are two — first, the
preponderance of the vote in the Republican pri
maries over that cast in the Democratic and the
Union Labor primaries, and, second, the sweeping
victory attained in the Republican contests by the
United Republican League against the representa
tives of bossism. In the first tbe showing is remark
able. Despite the fact that there were in both the
Democratic and the Union Labor parties fights suf
ficiently lively to set in motion the energies of all
the party leaders and to prompt them to do their
uttermost to bring out the voters, neither of them
was able to poll a vote anything like equal to that
cast by Republicans. In fact, the Union Labor men
cast only a little more than 5000 votes and the Demo
crats something more than 7000, while the Republi
cans cast more than 13.000. or a vote considerably in
excess of that cast by Democrats and Union Labor
men combined.
The significance of the heavy vote cast in the Re
publican primaries is too plain to be mistaken. It
is an evidence that popular interest is with the Re
publicans in the coming contest, and that the rank
and file of the party had sufficient assurance of elect
ing good men to incline them to go to the polls and
vote. Had it not been that there were exceptionally
strong tickets of delegates nominated in each district
it is 'quite certain the vote would have been much
smaller than it was, and the bosses might have won
instead of losing.
Such being the case it is plain that the work done
for the party by the United Republican League
merits more than a passing notice. To that organi
zation is due the fact that the party had in the field
in every district a set of proposed delegates repre
senting no faction, pledged to no set of men, bound
to no secret programme and under no obligation
other than that of nominating a party ticket that will
be worthy of the support of every good citizen. It
was the object of the league to rid the party of fac
tions and of boss domination, and its success has
been a genuine triumph. Not a single boss ticket
was elected. The victory of genuine Republicanism
was Overwhelming.
TuE PRIMARY ELECTIONS
Clark then moved with his parents to
Fort Dearborn, and his father was the
first man to erect a frame building in
Chicago. Clark street was named in hon
or of this patriarchal soldier's father.
In 1850 Mr. Clark came to California
and located In Amador County, where he
has since resided. He is much Interested
plete and the war soon closed by the
surrender or capture of Black Hawk,
Keokuk and other chiefs.
When the treaty was stoned between
the Indians and the United States troops
Charles Clark, like the illustrious Abra
ham Lincoln and the thousand and more
other men who had enlisted to defend
their homes, was honorably discharged
from the army In August of 1S32.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
Mr. Clark will be an Interesting figure
in the Grand Army reunion, and he says
with creat pride that he is the oldest
soldier that wtl! walk under the orna
mental arches that are placed on Market
strett.
In temperance work and thirty years ago
he toured the world on behalf of a tem
perance league. He tells with much pride
that when General Grant visited this city
in his tour around the world he was se
lected to present to the Illustrious sol
dier resolutions praising him for turning
down his glass and refusing to drink wlr.e
at a sumptuous banquet that was ten
dered him at the Cliff House. Mr. Clark
says this was the greatest victory Gen
eral Grant ever won.
VENERABLE RESIDENT OF AMADOR COUNTY WHO SERVED IN
THE UNITED STATES ARMY SEVENTY YEARS AGO AND WHO
WILL MARCH IN THE GRAND ARMY PARADE.
Thursday august 13, 1903
JOHN D. SP^CK^f^^f^
/r dress All Ccnr.munlcctlor* to W. S. LEAfrE. Monoger.
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CAIX. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
PUBLICATlOX OFFICE... Slarket and Third. S. F.
CDrrOHIAL. HOOMfc 217 to 221 Stevenaon St.
Delivered by Carriers, 2O Cts. Per Week. 73 Ct-
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Terra* by Hall. Irclufiln* PoeUge (Cash With Order):
DAILT CALL (Including Sunday), one year ¥«.**>
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday). C month* 4.OO
DAILT CALL— By Etc*le Month TBo
fUNDAT CALL. Oc« T«r "- aO
¦WEEKLT CALL. Oa» Year 1 «°°
f Dally... $S.8O Per Tear Extra
FOREIGN POSTAGE i Sunday.. 4.15 Per Tear Extra
I Weekly.. 1.00 Per Year Extra
All Postmaster* ar* nntbortxed to receive
• nbaerlpttona.
eaiapl* copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mall Jn ordering chanrw «f address should b«
particular to rive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prcrart acd correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
JUS Droadnay Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE
SI4S Center Street Telephone \orth 77
C. GEORGE KROGVESS. Manager Forelsm AdTer
tlalnsr. Marqnette llullJIns. Clitoncro.
•Lent Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MOItTOX C. CIIANE 14OO G Street. !». TV.
JCEW YORK REPRESENT ATTVE:
tTLTHES D. SMITH 3O Tribune Butldlns
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT-.
C. C. CABLTOX Herald Sqoare
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ffcerrr.an noose; P- O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel.
Tresicnt House; Auditorium Hotel: Palmer House. '
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Wslficrf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31 Union Square:
ilurrey Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue Hotel and Hoffman House.
ntlASm OFFICES— 627 Montgomery, corner of Clay. ot>*n
crtJl 8:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 0:80 o'clock. 633
McAllister, cpen until 8:30 o'clock. C15 Larkln, open until
a 80 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Karkct. corner Sixteenth, cpen until 9 o'clock. 1096 Va
lencia, epen until » o'clock. 100 Eleventh, open until 9
eVJnck. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
cnttl « c"cl<vk. 2200 Flllmcre. cpen until 9 p. m.
THE hunt of the Democracy for a Presidential
candidate has its amusing features. Judge
Parker was for some time in focus; but when
he went South and instead of talking politics deliv
ered a dry and dusty essay on law he passed from in
front of the lens and ceased to be a possibility. Then
Mr. Cleveland, greatly to the distress of Watterson
and Bryan, was brought out. The Brooklyn Eagle
screamed for him. A preacher named Beetle made
what he called a comprehensive canvass of* Kansas,
Nebraska, Iowa, Illinois, Indiana and Michigan,
and announced that it was revealed to him that
Cleveland would carry them all. That ended the
candidacy of the ex-President. Beetle's iridescent
prophecy made it ridiculous, and no candidacy can
stand tha f .
Then Senator Gorman was brought, out by Texas
and Georgia and stood for a time in the limelight,
closely observed. As it was seen that he did not
shy at a dollar nor chew the tongue of him when
somebody shouted "Trusts!" he joined the innumer
able throng of has-beens and went his" way in the
great company of those who were "also mentioned."
The party is now searching, not for a dark horse, but
for a Mayor. Mayor Harrison was supposed to be
eligible ex-officio until the Democratic Chronicle of
his town nicknamed him "Mushy." No politician
can survive being called mushy, and Harrison fell
outside the breastworks. Now it is announced with,
confidence that if Judge Van Wyck, president of the
Society of Southerners in New York City, can be
elected Mayor of Greater New York this year the
country will say to him as Nathan said unto David,
for a different reason, Thou art the man.
It is explained that there are in Greater New York
70,000 Southern voters. They don't fancy using their
balance of power to make Bill Devery Mayor, as a
Tammany candidate, and will prefer Low. But if
Van Wyck run they will make him Mayor and im
mediately transfer him to the Presidency. It is true
that Cleveland was Mayor of Buffalo, but he stepped
into the Governorship and thence to the Presidency.
But the party is now short on Governors in the
Northern States, having only three, in Nevada, Ore
gon and Rhode Island, so the hunt is for a Mayor.
If that fail probably a well qualified constable will
be demanded next.
It is an amusing strait for a party that has had in
it in modern. times McClellan, Seymour, Sanford E.
Church, Tilden, Pendleton, Thurman, Cleveland,
Carlisle, Bayard and Hendricks. Once it had an em
barrassment of riches when it proceeded to select a
Presidential candidate, but now its ideas of the place
have so declined that it is content with an unbroken
Mayor, and even the name of William Randolph
Hearst has been mentioned with favor once or
twice — in his own papers.
In the present competition San Francisco should
enter a Mayor by making an eligible a candidate
for that office. Why waste a candidacy on Mr.
Lane, who is ineligible, being of foreign birth? To put
up some sturdy Roman like Clitus Barbour or D. I.
Mahoney and get into the running is the proper thing
for the San Francisco Democracy to do. Why leave
this city out of the game? Local pride should seize
this opportunity to inscribe the name of San Fran
cisco on the bead-roll of fame.
DARK HORSE OR MAYOR
In the recent Wall street failures there is one ele
ment entirely pleasing to the public. The game seems
to be confined almost exclusively to speculators and
gamblers, with one set fleecing the other and both,
for the time, ceasing to prey on the public. As long
as the operators play with their own money it would
not be considered amiss if more of them were driven
from the pit. .
PERSONAL MENTION.
No other hero among the great throng
that will come to San Francisco can
boast that his record under his country's
flag began three score and ten years ago.
The illustrious old man of Amador, who
¦will grace the marching columns that
pass under the Triumphal Arch, still car
ries his ripe years with the light step of
sturdy manhood. Few that see him will
realize that he trod the wilds to the mu
sic of fife and drum at a time so far
removed from the present that California
was then the home of happy Mexican va
queros, and that while he fought Indians
on the plains of Illinois some of the holy
padres of the eighteenth century were de
voutly consecrating their lives to the
work of missions that have since had
added to thoir history the fruitful gen
erations that now make them sacred heri
tages of the past.
Mr. Clark is now 87 years of age. He
was born in Madlaon City. Ind., and
moved to Illinois in 1821. At that time
i the country was terrorized by the Black
Hawk Indians. Soon after the Indian
Creek massacre at a point fifty miles west
of Chicago Clark enlisted at Fort Beggs
as a soldier to fight the redskins.
In 1830 a treaty was made with the
tribes of Sacs and Foxes by which their
lands In Illinois were ceded to the United
States. They were nevertheless unwill
ing to leave their country. Black Hawk,
a chief of the Sacs, then about 60 years
of age, refused submission, and the next
year returned with a small force. He
was driven back by the troops at Rock
Island, but in March, 1832, he reappeared
at the head of about 1000 warriors— Sacs,
Foxes and Winnebagos. E.ther he would
not or he could not restrain his follow
ers, and the devastation of Indian war
fare soon spread among the frontier set
tlements. The force at Rock Island was
sent out to stay these ravages and Gen
erals Scott and Atkinson were ordered
from Buffalo with reinforcements. The
Governor of Illinois called for volunteers
and an effective force of about 2400 was
soon marching against the enemy. Black
Hawk's band fled before it. General
Whiteslde, who was in command, burned
the prophet's town on Rock River and
pursued the Indians up that stream. The
Indians were overtaken and defeated on
Wisconsin River and the survivors still
retreating northward were again over
taken near Bad Ax River on the left
bank of the Mississippi. Many of the
Indians were shot in the water while try
ing to swim the stream, others were killed
on a little island where they sought ref
uge. Only about fifty prisoners were
taken, and most of these were squaws
and children. The dispersion was com-
veterans halls from 'Aroador
County,, California. His name is Charles
A. Clark. and the term of his
service began long before many of the
great States of the Union were carved
from the untrodden wilds of the Far " Zest
of seventy years ago.
The memories of Veteran Clark's first
battles carry him back to the days of
Indian massacres — not the massacres of
what is now the West, but the massacres
of the years when Illinois was the land
of the setting sun and when the deso
late region beyond was the American des
ert of the old geographlea— the home of
buffaloes and Indians.
MANY' remarkable men will visit
this city during the Grand Army
Encampment, but the veteran of
Under any circumstances there would be good Tea
son to oppose such a scheme as this, but there are
other and even stronger grounds of objection than
those which are patent on the petition itself. It is
well understood by those familiar with the project
that it has for its object the establishment in the
immediate suburbs of this city of a gambling resort
that would be under the control of the gamblers
themselves. Thu> the scheme is nothing more nor
less than a project to authorize a species of blackleg
government clothed with authority to levy taxes
upon the cemeteries for the purpose of supporting
gambling dens and such other resorts as would nat
urally gather around them.
That the proposed incorporation is nothing more
nor less than a gamblers' scheme appears to be pretty
well understood by those who have given it any
study. That much was made evident by statements
of San Mateo Supervisors in interviews published in
The Call of yesterday. One of them said that the
man who is engineering the scheme "has powerful
influences of well-known gamblers, whose names I
will not mention, behind him. * * * They say
they will not accept incorporation unless they can
have the cemeteries. I am not in favof of turning
the revenues from the cemeteries into the hands of
the town of Colma. If they want to run their pool
rooms let them look to them for the means of sup
porting their town government. I do not believe
in robbing the places of the dead to pay for the vices
of the living."
Another Supervisor said: "I have heard that the
pool-sellers were behind the movement to incor
porate Colma, but of course I cannot state that I
know it positively." A third said: "I will not men
tion any names, but I know there are well-known
blacklegs and gamblers who are using some of the
Colma people for tools to advance their project of
incorporation."
In addition to the Supervisors there are others
who have in their investigation of the scheme found
reason for believing it to be a gamblers' project.
Thus the manager of the Cypress Lawn Association
is quoted as saying: "This is an infamous attempt
on the part of politicians and gamblers to make the
sacred precincts of the dead a nest for vice."
At the present time San Mateo requires the pay
ment of a license of $i for every interment, and from
that license the county derives from the cemeteries
a revenue varying from $350 to $400 a month. That
would make a rice little income for the schemers to
sta r t their town government with, and would enable
them to run their games without much if any tax
upon themselves. Should the scheme succeed the
cemeteries, instead of being quiet, would be in the
immediate neighborhood of resorts of the riff-raff of
San Francisco, and blacklegs and their kindred
toughs would be a menace to every visitor to the
graves of the dead. That in itself is enough to con
demn the scheme, and public sentiment both in this
county and in San Mateo looks to the Supervisors to
kill it".
Fi ACTS published in The Call of yesterday con
cerning the scheme to incorporate Colma with
.a territory of about twelve miles square ought to
be sufficient in themselves to rouse the people of
San Mateo and of San Francisco to take active steps
to defeat the project. Even upon the face of it the
scheme is an -evil one, for the territory is too sparsely
settled for the inhabitants to form a genuine urban
community, and it is evident that the motive which
prompts the promoters of the scheme is something
quite different from that of a desire for the common
good.,.
The area included in the proposed incorporation
includes not only many farms, but also the lands of
several large estates, among which is the Abbey
Homestead Association and the Holy Cross, Mount
Olivet, Cypress Lawn, the Servian, the Italian and
the four Jewish cemeteries — Eternal Home, Hills of
Eternity, Home of Peace and Salem Fields. As
these cemeteries have become the chief places for the
interment of the dead in this city, it will be seen, that
San Francisco has almost as much concern in the
scheme as San Mateo itself, and public sentiment here
has a right to be heard before the San Mateo authori
ties.
THE COLMA. SCHEME.
FOUGHT INDIANS SEVENTY YEARS AGO
AND IS THE PATRIARCH OF VETERANS
thing like a sectional issue, and as a result some good
has been done in the South itself. Thus the Geor
gia Legislature, while not going so far as to prohibit
child labor altogether, has sought to prevent idle
parents from living on the labor of the children, and
to that end has enacted a statute providing that pa
rents able to work, but who do not work', and who
live on the wages of their children, shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor and liable to a penalty
therefor Whether such a law can be enforced is
questionable, but the enactment of it is a sign of an
improved tone of public sentiment in the South and
gives encouragement to the Hope that the whole
miserable practice of working children in factories or
mines will be abolished ere long from every part
of the United States.
THE ¦SAJN...FKANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 13, 1903.
6
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
HALF A HUNDRED WOMEN
ON FAMOUS BATTLEFIELDS
Baldness and dandruff are caused by a
germ— if you don't kill the germ the germ
will kill the hair.
Scientists have labored with tha problem of
a preventive for baldness for many years.
Newbro'a Herpldde la the product of a mod-
ern Idea, and will care dandruff and prevent
baldness, because germs cannot exist when you
apply Herpldde. . ..
Herplctde Is a valuable halrdreasins and scalp
disinfectant, aa well as a cure for dandruff. -
Sold by leading druggists. Send 10c in
stamps for cample to The Henrietta Co., Da-
You may call anything in creation a
remedy, but to use them is like locking
the stable after the horse is stolen.
THE STOLEN HORSE.
An Old Proverb With a New Appli-
cation.
' The woods are full of "so-called" reme-
dies for baldness.
IF the complete story could be told of trie devotion and suffering, of
the privations and heroic sacrifices of all the brave women who nursed
the wounded and the dying on both sides in the bloody conflict be-
tween the North and South it would be one of the grandest, most
sublime narratives ever penned. Even when recorded in brief their ca-
reers speak volumes for the dangers they braved to minister with gentle
hands and loving care.
"Oh, what breaking hearts many mothers are still carrying: for their
boys buried in graves marked 'Unknown,' " says Mrs. Mary J. Bos-
ton, one of these fifty-eight fair veterans of that bloody conflict who have
written two full pages of personal anecdotes of their service in the hos-
pital, the bivouac and the battlefield. She not only consecrated her
life to nursing the wounded throughout the entire war, but Rave two
brothers to the cause at Fredericksburg and a brother-in-law at Gettys-
burg, and the anecdote of which those few lines are the prelude is one
jf the most dramatically thrilling ever penned. These fifty-eight women
saw the awful struggle with their own eyes — and it is war — actual war —
that each and every one of them has written of from her own peculiar
point of view. Those two pages alone will enthrall you.
To the veterans whose names make up the roll of honor of the
Grand Army of the Republic that stupendous struggle must ever be a
vivid reality, but to those of the younger generation the hope and de-
spair of that fierce conflict must be seen through the eyes of the artist
the writer and the painter alone. It is a remarkable fact that some of
the best battle scenes ever oainted are those depicting our great Civil
War from beginning to end.
It is this fact that has enabled The Sunday Call in its special
G. A. R. Edition next Sunday to present its readers with the best pic-
torial panorama of fiercest battles of the war that can be offered bv a
modern newspaper. Beginning with General Grant's victory at Fort
Donelson, these pictures carry you through the entire war to its spec-
tacular close with the surrender of General Lee at Appomattox. which
scene alone, replete as it is with historical characters, is one of the most
notable pictures ever reproduced on a modern color press. There is
"The Battle of Shiloh." "Chattnnooga," "The Siege of Vicksburg."
"Sherman s March to the Sea." "The Battle of Gettysburg." "Grant's
Career From West Point to Aooomattox," etc.
And in the line of fiction the greatest popularity has ever been given
to tales of love and war. Just think what themes the Civil War had to
offer. And what sentiment, too. There is "Forty Years After" in the
next Sunday Call, for instance. It is a story of the waverinj: tide of
battle at Vicksburg. with a thrillingly pathetic denouement in this city.
Then there 13 "A Girl of the South." "Fate's Pence." "A War Vision"
and "Trying Him Out." which latter will bring back the most stirring
memories to any one who knows anything about war. .
And in a different way, how many know anythinar about the
speeches that created that awful slaughter. There are two pages of fervid
eloquence that will simply amaze you who read them now. so many
years after.
And last but not least there is that magnificent Supplement — tender
sentiment crystallized into color— "The Old Army Chest." wherein a
hardy warrior of the rebellion is showing his treasures to his beautiful
fair-haired daughter. Just register a deep-voiced complaint with vour
carrier if you do not Ret this picture with your G. A. R. Edition of the
next Sunday Call.LONDON, Aug. 12.— J. R. Keene's three
year-old colt Surbiton, ridden by Lucien
Lyne, the American Jockey, won the City
of London Breeders' Foal Stakes, at
Kempton Park to-day, defeating a field
of seven.
Surbiton Wins Stakes.
Dr. S. R. Chamley, who because of
charges preferred against him by J. M.
Neven had his license to practice revoked
by the State Board of Medical Exam
iners, claims the, board had no right to
do so. Yesterday he 6ued for a writ of
review of Its actions t basing his suit on
the ground that the act of the Legislature
giving the board power to revoke a li
cense is unconstitutional. The case will
be heard by Judge Cook August 17.
Chamley Enters Protest
2:C8 trotting: purse $1200 — Prince of Orange
won the second and third heats in 2:08^,
2:06Vi. Khythmic won the first heat in 2:081,4.
Fere- no also Mart*!.
2:15 pacing class: pur»« $1000 — Alcatras won
two ttraigbt heats in 2:13. 2:11V4. Mamie
Brown, Kiowa, Lucre, Bessie C, Mercury
Wllkes. Mace and Don Cosine also started.
Tbe Empire stake of $5000 for 2:20 trotters—
Klnney Lou won two straight heats in 2:00,
2:07%. John Taylor, Jay McGregor, Texas,
Senator Miliis llcAdamx Jr.. Sadie Patchen,
Margaret Beth Grove. Cole Direct, Katrlnka
G. Free Silver, Mary Joe and Patchen Maid
also started.
2:05 paeinr; purse ?12f*> — Darien won two
straight ru-ats. Time. 2:05%. 2:M«. Shadow
Chimes. Wlnfleld fitratton. Little Squaw, Char
lie Hoyt. Don Derby. Indiana, Terrace Queen
and Ananias also started.
NEW YORK. Auc. 12.— Ten thousand
people saw Budd Doble- drive his own
horse. Klnney Lou. to victory in the Em
pire stake at the Grand Circuit races, to
day, and the veteran driver, was loudly
applauded. Klnney Lou's principal com
petitor was John Taylor, winner of tho
110.000 M. and M. stake at* Detroit. Sum
mary:
Veteran Horseman Wins Applause
of Spectators in Empire
Stake of $5000. ,
BTJDD DOBI-E DRIVES
KINNEY LOTJ TO VICTOBY
A tea cf s upar beets yields T10 pounds of
refined sugar.
TORONTO. Ontario. Ausr. 12.— In to
day's race between the Irondequojt and
the Strathcona for the Canada's cup, the
American beat (Irondequolt) wen. The
course was straightaway, nine miles and
return.
American Boat Wins.
BAKERSFIELD, Aug. 12.-The Town
Trustees of Kern have forbidden a pro
posed exhibition bullfight vrhich was to
have been given next Sunday at Athletic
Park by Enrique Robles, a Spanish mata
dor. The Marshal to-day stopped the
preparatiocs.
Stops Preparations for Bullfight.
Each coupon will bear the Initials in large
colored letters M. & F. on the face Of the
ticket.
The following are the capital prizes as de
cided by the Honduras National Company.
August 8 1W03 drawing: No. 32,207 wins
$7600, sold in San Francisco, Cal.; No. 071
wins $2000 sold In San Francisco. Cal.; No.
Rf5 628 wins $1000. sold in San Francisco. Cal.:
No 67,554 win? $500. sold In San Leandro.
Cal- Nos. 7702 and 22.410 each wins $250 sold
in Pan Francisco, Cal.; Nos. 40,501. 40,::r<<S,
W5,0fil 63.027 and 6O,4«8 each wins $100. «o!d
in Portland. Or. and Ran Francisco. Cal.
The following capital prizes were paid by
the above company for the July 11. 1903. draw-
Ing: Martin A. Lemcke. 118 Davis street. San
Francisco Cal.. reading in Alameda City. Cal..
$7500- C.'W McBay, 151 Grant avenue. San
Francisco Cal.. *1COO; I* Glmbel, 260 Chett
nut street San Francisco. Cal., $1000; Mrs.
Rosa Banneld SIS Eleventh avenue. Richmond
district San Francisco. Cal., $.vx»: George
Henry Chard. 135 Beulah street. San Francisco,
Cal.. $500. *
Owing to the fact that numerous schemes
are placed before the public from time to time
we would respectfully call the attention of
purchasers of tickets to buy only from respon
sible agents and to see l!wt their tickets read
as follows:
THE ORIGINAL LITTLE LOUISIANA COM
PANY OF PAN FRANCISCO. ES
TABLISHED JANUARY. 18«7.
The Original Little Louisiana Com
pany of San Francisco. Estab
lished January, 1887.
SPECIAL NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.
In gaining his place in the semi-finals
Clothier defeated Mahoney of the English
international team, 6-7, 6-4, 8-6. That tho
ranking American player, William A.
Larned, Is in fine form, was made evident
by his defeat of Harry T. Allen, the Phil
adelphian. 6-2. 6-4. H. L. Doherty found
it easy to overcome the Yale player, A.
W. Post. 6-2. 6-2.
One competition in the doubles was de
cided and this resulted in a victory for
H. L. Doherty and R. F. Doherty of Eng
land over M. Colbet, Philadelphia, anfi W.
R. Bettea, Yale, G-4, 6-2.
SOUTHAMPTON, L. I., Aug. 12.— The
singles of the tennis tournament on the
courts of the Meadow Club were brought
up to the semi-final round to-day, when
play was discontinued for th« day. Wil
liam Lamed, the American champion,
William Clothier of Philadelphia and tne
English champion, II. L. Doherty, won
their plays in the third round and it is
expected that as the matter now stand:;
Larned and Doherty will meet In tHe
finals.
TENNIS PLAY BEACHES
THE SEMI-FINAL ROUND
William A. Lamed and H. L. Doherty
Each Wins His Match in
Easy Style.
TO THE PUBLIC-BEWARE OF COUN
TERFEITS! ! All genuine tickets of this com
pany have initials R. G. Co. on faces and mon
ogram R. G. C. on backs thereof. Following
are the capital prizes as decided by the Hon
duras National Company, Saturday, August
8 1903: No 32.207 wins $7500. sol,i In San
Francisco. Cal.; No. 071 wins $2000. sold In
Kan Francisco. Cal.; No. 80,028 wins $1000,
sold in San Francisco. Cal.; No. 67.5M wins
$500 sold in San Francisco. Cal.: No. 7702
wins $250 sold in Aleomah. Cal. ; No 22,410
wins J.230. sold in San Francisco, Cal.
This company paid to Michael Lawrence,
Fourth and B streets. San Rafael. 83750 for
one-half ticket No. 46,003. drawing July 2'«.
and to W B. Corbaley. Iirnacio. Cal.. 81250
for one-half ticket No. 49,353. same date.
All prises of this company are paid in full
immediately on presentation at the office of
the company In San Francisco.
$10,000 reward will be paid to any person
who has ever presented one of our prizes at
our office and wa» refused payment. •
OF SAN FRANCISCO
ORGANIZED MAY. l!Kx)
THE LOUISIANA COMPANY
Prices for citv realty have been pro
cured at auction by Easton, Eldridge &
Co. as follows:
13S8, 1300 and 1392 O'Farrell street, three
flats on the north line al the street. 25 feet
east from Laguna, with lot 32x70 feet, for
$14,350; 1625 Buchanan street, lot fronting 24
feet on Buchanan street and running back
87:6 feet, irregularly, with two-«tcry house,
for I5S0O; lot 40x57:0 feet and three houses
on t^e east line of Alice street, off Folsom,
for $3600; 302.1 and :'."25 Clay street, two
flats and lot 27xS5 feet. 110 feet east from
Baker street, for $5000; H5:{ to 301 Fifth street,
between . Folsom and Harrison, thiee stores
and rooming-house of fifteen rooms above and
building of twelve rooms en Hulbert place,
for $13.1X10, subject to confirmation; house and
lot on the eouth line of Gay street. 113:7
feet east from Stockton, for J2U00; let 25xl.'57:6
feet on the north line of Oak street, 127 :C
feet went from Fillmore, for $2S5O: four flats
on the south lln^ of Welch street. 175 feet
west from Fourth, with lot 25xSl> feet, for
$2450; northeast corner of Jersey and Vlcks
burg streets, with 7-room cottaii.*, the lot
being 50x114 feet, for J2500.
2TXEIVE GOOD PRICES
FOR WELL-PLACED LOTS
Auction Sale Brings Out Offers of
Satisfactory Gize for Score
of Properties.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race — Codex, Outwai, Sauer
kraut.
Second race^ — Bardolph, Darro, In
cubator
Third race— Father Tallent, Nan
nie Hodge, J. P. Mayberry.
Fourth race — English Lad, Prince
Silverwings, Skilful.
Fifth race — Bab, Dutch CaTter,
Inventor.
Sixth race-— Silver Fizz, Christina
A, Pat Morrissey.
HARLEM SELECTIONS.
Sixth race, one mile, sellintr — Pat Morrissey
107. Urchin 105. Miracle II 1U2. Safeguard 100,
Myth I>t>, Gracious Hi. Somersault 95. Max Ben
dix 94. Hickory Corners 04. Silver Fizx JJ2,
Chrirtina A BO. Fullback K9. Dr. Leland 85.
Fifth race, one mile, selling — The Ladaean
10S. Inventor Mfii. C. B. Campbell l'Xi. Moablna
1C5. Bard of Avon 104. Aline Abbot 102. Anto
lte 03. Bab 00. Flaunt 9*. Kentucky Cardinal
ft*. Bob Franklin J«*. Dutch Carter S4. Mamseile
S3. Bay Wonder 91.
Fourth race . six and a half furlonirs—Cal
ient 11» Fkilful lir>. Americano 115. McGee 115.
English Lad 8S. Prince Silverwlngs K8.
Thlr-3 race, five ar.l a half furlongs, selling,
the Proviso Stakes— J. P. Mayterry 110. Pat
Ha.mir.on 105. Father Tallent l'J3. Trycn 101.
Salto C»«. Nannie Hodge 07.
Second race, six and a half furlongs — Curnte
ll'.» Pr-mpino US. Incubator 115. Bardolph 115.
Otter Tail 112. John Pcwvrs 112. Hudson 115.
Chicago Girl 110. By Ways 110. Darro 8$,
Kl*inwoo<l SS.
First race, six furlor.gs, selling— Ar.f era J
10ft. Codex 10."., Sauerkraut 103. Red Bird 1C2.
Away Right 1U0. Alamode 0*3. Outwai 1)7, Our
Chap 05.
CHICAGO.- Aug. 12. — Weather clear; track
ts.fl. Harltm entries:
HARLEM ENTRIES.
FIXTH RACE — Selling; one mile and three
sixteenths:
B^ttine. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. ?4 Fin.
25 to 1— Kunja. 99 <H. Phillips* 1 1 1 n
1 to 2— 5!a]T Tenny. 104 (HeUesn) 2 2 2 2
15 to 1 — Ccmpass. 101 (Kr.app) 0 4 3 1
Time. 2:iX)-"J-ti. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. W. W. Darden's b. m. by Keharca-
Erigazee. Lou Woods 'M. IJarrlca OS. Fullback
ss, Barney Burk »»j. Learoyd 105. Tufts 101.
also ran.
FIFTH T.ACE — Purse; elx furlcngs:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
1 to 5 — Dick Welir*. 113 (Knight). 1 1 1 h
S to 1 — A D Gibson, 103 (Wilson). 3 2 2 3
25 to 1 — Delagoa. 95 fKnapp) 4 3 3 5
Time 1:12 1-5. Start good- Won easily.
Winner. J. B. Resyess' b. c. by Klne Erlc-
Tris O\er. Lendln M, Rajr Tag 100, Ontona
gen 03. Will Shelly 93. Dr. O'Neill 90. also ran.
FOURTH RACE — Handicap; steeplechase,
short course:
Batting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
X to 1 — Senator Matis, US (Carter) 5 3 K"i
r. to 1— Kiilella. 145 (Kelly) H 2 2 2
2 to 1 — Indian II. 141' (Huentcn).. * 1 3 2
Time. 3:33 4-5. Start ccod. Won easily.
Winner. J. T. Stewart & Co.'s ch. g. by Tam
rr.ar.y-Butterrr.ere. Mr. Rose 127, John E.
Owens UO. Oliver Me 127. Lingo 135. ltaca
tlara 125. also ran. De Blaise 130, threw rider.
THIRD RACE— Mile an-1 100 yards; Owners'
handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
4 to 5 — Grand Optra. 77 (Wilson). 4 2 1 n
:« to 1 — Uragg 71 (Kr.apr) - ;t a J^i
6 to 1— Jack Ratlin •<* «S. Bonner) 3 1 3 O
Time 1 :44 3-3. Start good. Won driving.
Winner", E. E. Smather'e bik. c. by Wagner-
Bonr.ie Bird. Havila&d W>. also run.
SECOND RACE — Six furlongs; purse:
netting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
2i> to 1 — Toouie Mack. 5*3 < Wilson) 1 5 1 n
a to 1— Buccaneer. t»» (Adkins).. y 7 2 n
0 to &— Floral King. H7 <Helg«,-;n) 3 13 1
Time 1 :14 2-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winnt-r, Chinn &. Forsythe's br. f. by Sir
Walter-Katy of the West. Alllsta 1U. In
structor 80 Maiwe'.ls »4. Toltec U6. BUI Wal
ters 83. Coroner Kelly IkI. Gus Quarles 'Jti. Bill
Nolan 97 also ran.
CHICAGO. Aug. 12. — Grand Opera,
owned by E. E. Sraathers, the New York
millionaire, won the owners' handicap at
Harlem to-day, breaking the world's rec
ord for the distance, one mile and 1W
yards. His time was 1:44 3-5, against the
old mark of 1:45 1-5. Jack Ratlin Jumped
into the lead at the start and retained
that position until a few yards from the
wire, when Grand Opera, which had been
in a nice position all around, came away
and gradually overtook his competitors,
winning from Bragg right at the wire
by a narrow margin.
A gocd-sized killing was made on Toot
sie Mack, winner of the second race. She
opened at ft) to 1 and was played down
to 20 to 1. Summary: rf
FIRST RACE— Mile and twenty yards; sell
ing:
Bttting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *4 Fin.
3 to 1— Pronta 107 (Davif) 8 112%
10 to 1— Marehalsta. KH »Adk!ne) 15 2 2
SO to 1 — J J. Corbett, W9 (\Vilson)12 2 3 U
Time. 1 :43 2-5. Stan poor. Won easily.
Winner Thomas Carey's b- I- by Kelseth-Vo
lantress. Ctiarli* Grainger 109. Attilla ll>4.
Captain Hamrn 111. Frank M 106. IUbunta 1«.«,
Give All 111 Limelight 111. Alum Water 100.
El Ghor 112. Max Bendix IOC. Mr. Timberlake
1C«4. also ran. Jack Doyle 111, left at post.
Special Dispatch to The Call
The testimony of Edmund Freund. the
bookkeeper of the warehouse of the Pa
cific Coast Warehouse Company at
Crockett, was called to the stand. Mr.
McEnerney was assured that the testi
mony of the witness would In no way
jeopardize the interests of his new client,
and he therefore had no objection to his
testifying. Freund was interrogated about
a lot of whea£ containing 1100 sacks which
arrived at the warehouse on June 1. He
was asked particularly about the mark
ings on the sacks, but was unable to en
lighten the attorneys. It appears that the
Bank of Monterey and the American Na
tional Bank, which are repiesented by
Mr. Chickeringr, are anxious to show pos
session of the wheat, having had mark
ings placed on the sacks for identification.
Freund was requested to visit the ware
house and refresh his memory. The case
was continued until the 20th. On that day
Bernhard Ettlinger will be further exam
ined by the attorneys for the creditors.
Yesterday Ettlinger appeared with At
torney McEnerney, who asked that the
case go over a week until he could famil
iarize himself with it. The request was
granted.
Garret McEnerney appeared before
Referee in Bankruptcy Milton J. Green
yesterday mornlrs as attorney for Bern
hard Ettllnger, one of the members of
the ruined g^-ain firm of Epplngrer & Co.
Ettllnger has broken away from the Ep
pingerB and Intends to save himself from
blame by reason of the peculiar actions
of his partners.
Last week Ettlinger was on the witness
stand and gave testimony before Referee
Green. Attorney Henry Ach, who repre
sents the Eppingers, thought he also rep
resented Ettllnger and advised him not
to answer certain questions propounded
to him by Attorney Freidenrich, repre
sentative of the creditors. Ettlinger sur
prised Ach and every one present by ig
noring his partners' attorney. Ach stood
it for a while and then made the sensa
tional announcement that he would not
act as Ettlinger's attorney. He asked
that the matter go over a week in order
that Ettlinger might avail himself of eth
er counsel.
SARATOGA, N. Y., Aug. 11— The Unit
ed States Hotel stakes was the feature
this afternoon and as this is a prize of
JlO.OuO a gDod field of two-year-olds was
carded. At least a fcalf-doren were t,ood
mad runners.
* Bcbadil brok* in front, but was outrun
by Ormondes Right, Rapid Water and
Mor.treson. Rapid Water held the lead to
the stretch, followed by Ormonde's Right
and Moharib. In the run home >ion
treson went to the front and, drawing
away, won cleverly by two and a half
5cri£ths from Reliance, which finished
strong and tx?at Moharib two arid a lialf
'.cstths for the place Summary:
FIRST RACE — Maidens; fillies and eeldir.gs;
t»"o-$-ear-oId»: Sve and a half furiongs:
livtUTig. Horse. \Ve:gnt. Jockey. St. s 4 Fir..
3 to 1 — Bippocratca, 110 (Burns). 14 1 s *
11 to N— G. T1d::.?s 110 (Redlerc) 2 1 2 1^4
12 to 1— N. Lady, 110 (Cochrar.). 5 3 3 2
Time 1:13 4-5. fctart poor. Won driving.
Winner. V.'. C. Whitney's bik. p. by Lisfak-
Har.var.a. Bob Boy 111. Testimony 113. fial
ada 110. Ancestor 11U. Gold tsjot 110. Oir.t
znect 110. Mocthord 110. also ran.
SECOND KACE— Handicap steeplechase;
four-jtar-c'.Ss and upward; gentlemen riders;
about two miles:
Iietlin«. Horse Weight. Jockey. St. l 4 Fin.
11 to 5— Howdy' 1«5 tMr. Clark). 1115
4 to 5— Tar.kar4 1C3 tHolloway) 2 2 2 30
5 to 1 — Self I'rotecticc. 170 (Page) 3 3 3 3
Time. 4:12 2-5. Start good. 'Voa easily.
Winner. F. A Clark's b. g. by Ltssak-Lady
Rcystertr. Ten Below Zrro Ii2. also ran.
THIRD RACE— Selling; one mile:
Betting Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. %i Fin.
$ to 1— Duelist, I«i3 (Fuller) 7 3 1 *»
Ota 1 — Slidell ll>0 <Fraech> 4 1 2 h
25 to 1— Chotte. IOC (T. O'Brien). 10 7 3 14
* Time 1 :4a 4-5. s?tart jxwr. Wen driving.
TVinner F Farr<;:r« b. g. by Odd Fellow-Ella
dike. Embarrass meat 103. Carroll D 101. Bob
Hlllsard 'Jfe, Anklet BT. Ptar and Garter
Sparkle Esher 90, John Barleycorn 101. also
ran.
FOURTH RACE— United State* Hotel stakes.
JIO.OOO; two-jear-olJj; £v* and a half furior.g*:
liettlng. Hcrse. W<-i»tht, Jockey. * t Fin.
13 to 5 — Montresoa, 117 «Red;ern)..l 2 1 2^i
10 to 1— Reliance. 11U tBurne) 5 » 2 24
10 to I— .Motkriti. 117 <Ltul!sian).. 'j S :il',
Time, 1:12. -Start fair. Won cleverly. Win
ner. It. T. Wlisun Jr.'s ch. c. by Urr.aineRt-
Ada VII. Cr.jurer 125. James N 127. Or
cncnS^m RlpM 123. Highball 117. liobadil 117.
K&p:d Water 117. else ran.
FIFTH R A <~5— Handicap; all ages; one mile
and three-fixteerths:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. % Fin.
6 to 1— FalcT.b'ige. yS U.Martir.) 3 4 12
13 to 5— Rostand. 112 (Fuller) 112 5
» to 5— Gold Bell, 1<>3 <O'Xe!iI)... 4 2 3 14
Time. 2 :CS 2-5. btart gtxwl. Wen cleverly.
Winner. A. \V. Fox» ch. c. by TSe Bard-Rou
lette. Lord Badge 109. Circue 110, also ran.
FIXTH RACE— ?«:!:r.g: six furlongs:
Rpttlnr. Horse. Weight. Jorkey. St. *i Fin.
3 to 1— Ella £r.yd>r. M <M - CCeny) 5 5 1 1»»
5 to 1 — Bisuta. IO <Hicks> 4 4 2h
3 to 1 — Glorio»a. 1C5 (Bums* 2 3 3 3
Tbne. 1:3> 2-.'. r>oor. Won handily.
Wir.ntr. I. Frank's ch. t. by Ft. norian-Esther
CJt'vtla.nd. Lady Radnor 1<*. Cottage Maid
1C3. Ca!fc<iorjite 105,. Hiue Banner 105. also ran.
SARATOGA ENTEIES.
SARATOGA. Aug. 12 —Weather clear; track
heavy. Ertnes:
r.f« race. *even furlongs, handicap, all jyre* ]
—Hernia 3ir». Bicedffll 11*. rxike of Kendal 110.
Fiimjlrtg Ground 1«. SSVAy Urant 102. Iagold
'- .- - Daniel U~>.
B* :;d rao*-. five and a half furlongs, selling.
S-Tesr-dfls — Latheron l'J3. Hoceo &4. Mildred
L M '.«4. I>e«:ry K>4. Grer.ade 111. Aul Wieder
¦eho BI, Wizard 1<;5. Bath Beach 109. Fhylock
3«C!. Sai'.or Kr.ot lt-7. Monster 107, Tower &4,
Bar^ienllo 3*.
Third rae«-. one rr.iln. 3-year-olds which have
r.nz wen at meeting — Payne 105, Ira*eible 1O«,
I>ran-.atin 104. ilonte farlo 114. Yardarm 1Cf>'
Bad "Ce»-s 101. OricS 101, Injunction 120
Golden Maxim 114.
Fourth race, cne rc'.le. se'.lirjr. the Amirer
clam, 1-year-f-i4* and up — Irascible 1C1. Royal
lftl. Carbuncle us. Highlander 101 Counterpoise
KH TVm O Shir.ter VOX. Elsie L 31. Virgin
£o» HC.
Fifth race, s'.x furlonjrs. handicap. 2-year
olds — V.'otaji UK Long F.hct 117. Don John 115
Toledo 115. Rockaway 112. St. Jolly l«s. Black
amoor 1(>4.
Sixth race, one and a cixteer.tb milea en turf,
marw and reMing*. 3-year-olif and up —
ftsirpinir Ground 111. Apnes D 111. Albany
!*f.. Carbur.c:e l'». Flying Ship 106. Virgin
sell S<5.
SARATOGA SELECTIONS.
By the Ker York TelegTaph.
First race — Hermis, Ingold, Duke
cf Kendal.
Second race— Grenada, Latheron,
Hiss Shylcck.
Third race — Golden TWw^rp^ Dram
atist, Yardarn.
Fourth race — Koyal, Highlander,
Elsie L.
Fifth race— Den John, Wotan, To
ledo.
Sixth race— Flying: Ship, Virgin
Soil, Carbuncle.
S;>eclal Dirpatrh to The Call
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
By the New York Telegraph.
First race — Mag Nolin, Atlas,
Kilo.
Second race— Bear Creek, Mallory,
Tangent.
Third race — Hydrophobia, Lord
Neville, Mission.
Fourth race — Irish Jewel, Taby
Tosa, Orris.
Fifth race — Orleans, Alflo, Doe
skin.
Sixth race — Montana Peeress,
Hook Se Oka, Tony Lepping.
Sixth race, one and an eighth mile* — Hook Pe
Oka 00. South Breere 98, Tony Lepping 100,
Nearest 107, Gin Spray 105, Montana Peeress
9S, Menace 107.
Second, race, six furlonps. sellins — Budwel?er
07. Sue's Sister 05. Geortuga 10O. Silver Fringe
HK>. Mimo 111. Kittie Cut a Dash 100. Mallory
108. Burlap 102. Ruth L. 100. Prince Herman
102. Tangent 105, Bear Creek 105, Impetuous
101. Rejoice ICO.
Third race, one mile and seventy yards, sell
ing — Goo Goo SI. False 1<>4. Countess Clara 90.
Pay the Fiddler 101. Baronet 104, Ben Hemp
stead 104. Reformer 102. Exapo SC, Chandoo
102. Mission 1O«;. Carrie Hope 105. Kingstelie
102, Hydrophobia 111. Lord Neville 101.
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles, han
dicap — Joe Lesser 110 Evea G S2, Taby Tosa
101. Lady Strajhmore 101, Orris 100, Irish
Jetvel 106. Light Opera 00, Jordan 100. (Lady
Strathmcre and Jordan. T. P. Hayes" entry.)
Fifth race, eeven furlongs, pume — Si Ah 102
Water Edee 1O4. Alflo 100. Orleans 102. The
Four Hundred 104, Doeskin 102, Sweet Dream
102.
First race, five and a half furlongs, purse —
Kilo 109. Tlemaine 100. Atlas 100. Mag Xolin
100. Milkirk 103. Imp. Pretension 100, Ben Ad
klr.s 100
ST. I,OriS. Aug. 12.— Weather clear; track
muddy. Entrie*:
ST LOUIS ENTRIES.
SIXTH RACE — One and three-sixteenth
miles; selling:
Betting. Horse, Weight Jockey. Et. % Fin.
3 to 2— Neversuch. 91 (Bridewell) 2 3 1
4 to 1— Satin Coat. 110 (Sheehan) 3 2 2 20
5 to 1— Brown Vail. 100 (Shea) 113 8
Time. 2:11V4. Start good. Won driving.
Winner, J. K. Hughes' ch. c. by Mirthful-
Olymena. Eliza Dillon 103. King's Sister 95.
Florrie S 103, also ran.
Time. lUSft. Start good. Won eaally. Win
ner. R. R. Rice's b. g. by Prince Royal-Pene
lOf*.
FIFTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight Jockey. St. »i Fin.
2 to .%— W. 3. Gates. 106 (Sheehan) 12 12
3 to 2— Josie F. 105 (F. Smith)... 3 8 2 1
9 to 2— Hindi. SS iBridewell) 2 1 3
Time. l:.Wi. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. AV. W. Elliott 1 * b. h. by Hlmyar-
Grace Lee.
FOURTH RACE — Seven furlongs; Goldenrod
selling Etakes:
Betting. Horse. "Weight. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
4 to 5— Hllee. 110 (Hall) 1 118
5 to 1— Dolly Gray. !»6 (Austin).. 2 2 2 ».$
2 to 1 — Helen Print 10$ (Smith).. 3 3 3
THIRD RACE; — Purse; tlx furlonrs:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jock«y. St. $i Fin.
4 to 5 — Brancas, 105 (Sheehan). ... 6 5 1 1U
fi to 1— Potter. 110 (Troxler) 2 12 5
I 9 to 2 — Ingoithrift, 100 (Bridewell) 4 3 3 1
Time. l:2i*i. Start *ood. Won ea»lly.
! Winner. W. Gem's cb. c. by Knight of Ellers
, lie-Bracket. Fenian 105. Sadie Burch 105. also
, ran.
: SECOND RACE— Selling; six furlongs:
Betting. Hcr»e. Weight, Jocke'-. St. % Fin.
6 to 1 — Dotty Shute, 119 (Troxler).. 1 i 1 n
I S to 1— Stub, 119 (Watson) 4 1 2%
; t ; to 5 — Miss Gould, 117 (Shilling).. 3 2 3 15
Time. 1:21 Vi- Start Kood. Won driving.
I Winner. H. Pechman & Co.'s b. f. by Long
' nsh-Fr»ddie. Harry Griffith 118, Mathilda 117.
! Howard P 119, Cautious 110. Creseida 117, also
ran.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 12.— Hllee easily won
the Golden Rod selling stakes, the fea
ture of the card at Delmar Park to-day.
When the barrier was raised he Jumped
into the lead and be won in a canter by
eight lengths.
The best finish of the day came in the
second race, when Dotty Shute woj by a
neck from Stub, which tired in the last
few strides. Summary:
FIRST KACE — Selling; fiv« and a half fur
longs:
netting. Horse, Weight, Jockey. St. *J Fin.
5 to 1— Quaker Girl. 1U5 (Hall) 1111
7 to 5 — Athena, lol (Austin) 4 6 2 10
3 to 1— Dr. Cartledpe, lua (F.Smlth) 5 5 3 4
Time, 1:14 \±. Start good. Won easily. Win
der. W. M. Rogers' hr. f. by Montana-Demure.
Wenrick 100, Caryota 100, Frank Collins 100.
Swett Myrtle luo, also ran.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Bookkeeper Freund Unable
to Identify Wheat in
Warehouse.
Dotty Shute Outgames Stub
in a Drive to the
Wire.
Whitney's Reliance Takes the
Place From Schorr's
Moharib.
Backed From Sixty Down to
Twenty, Tootsie Mack
Earns Purse.
Lands $10,000 Prize for
His Owner at Sar
atoga.
Canters Home in Clos
ing Day's Feature at
Delmar.
Garret McEnerney Ap
pears in Bppinger
Hearing.
Mile and One Hundred
Yards in 1:44| With
a Feather Up.
MONTRESON WINS
STAKE FEATURE
HILEE ANNEXES
THE GOLDENROD
RECORD BROKEN
BY GRAND OPERA
ETTL1NGER HAS
A NEW ATTORNEY
¦.-'.--. ....
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 13. 1903.
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE LITTLE LOUISIANA COMPANY
OF SAN '. FRANCISCO.
' Orrsnlsed 1901.
SPECIAL. NOTICE.— BEFORE purchasing
tickets se« thst our mark, 8. P. & Co., j s on
the face und back of the sarfte.
ALL. GENUINE yckets of the LITTLE
LOUISIANA CO. of San Francisco, or of the
LITTLE BENEFICENCIA PLBLICA CO. of
San Francisco have the Initials S. P. &, Co on
every ticket. . •
Following are the capital nrlze numbers In
the Aug. 8 drawing, as decided by the Hondu-
ras National Lottery Company:
No 32,207 drawn first capital prlre...f T5OO
gold In San Francisco, Cal. ¦*
No 0TI drawn second capital prize... .$2000
Sold In San Francisco, Cal
No. 86,Ci.H draws third capital prize... $1OOO
Sold In San Francisco, Cal.
No. 67.BM wins*. <tR0O
Sold In Ban Francisco, Cal.
Nos. 7702 and 22,410 wins each $250
Sold In San Fraatteco, Cal.
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAN_D8o E u3t
ONLT MATINEE SATURDAY.
IN HARVARD IS UNDOUBTEDLY^THE
BEST PERFORMANCE OF THE PRESENT
SEASON AND MADE AN IMMEDIATE
HIT. — Examiner.
TO-NIGHT-
EVERY NIGHT.
RAYMOND AND CAVERLY
And Our Superb Eastern Company, la
In Harvard
PRICES— 25c, 60c. 75c.
wW!als*wiipSt1.« LDDIfi3 THEATEi
Powell street, near Market.
LAST 4 NIGHTS.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
EZRA KENDALL
In the Immense Comedy Hit.
THE VINEGAR BUYER
Ls^t Time Next Sunday Nlsht,
\TATC Th< flrSt week °* tn *
I>U1L Henry Miller-Margaret Anglm
Season will open NEXT MONDAY NIGHT
and will be devoted to George Bernard Fhaw s
four-act play. "THE DEVIL'S DISCIPLE."
The ADVANCE SALE OF SEATS WILL COM-
MENCE TO-t>AY. at 9 o'clock.
Matlneea ¦.Ve.lneaday and Saturday.
elfieTfay,
"The Craziest Soubrette on the American
Stage."
Lew Hawkins; Sidney Wilmer and
Company; Miss Wynne Winslow
and The Great Kaufmann Troupe.
Last times of Dooley and Ten-
brooke; Roberts, Hayes and Bob-
erts; George Austin and Macart's
Dogs and Monkeys. .
Reserved Seat?. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Box Seats
and Opera Chairs. 50c
T!\/AI loPBR/K
I B v V/ Lnl H0USE1*
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS" WEEK,
SATURDAY MATINEE.
THE GREAT SPECIAL ENGAGEMENT OF
CAM1LLE D'ARVILLE
In Smith and DeKoven's Comic Opera.
"THE HIGHWAYMAN."
TUNEFUL. BRIGHT
AND ATTRACTIVE THROUGHOUT.
EDWIN' STEVENS AS FOXY QUILLER.
Arthur Cunningham. Ferris Hartman. Ed-
ward Webb, Annie Myers. Bertha Davis, Almee
Leicester and all the big Tivoll Company.
ORCHESTRA UNDER PAUL STE1NDORFF.
Watch far the Gr»nd Opert Eetsoa.
Popular Prices — 25c, 50c, 73c.
Telephone Busn 9.
Believe Us, 1000 People Crowded the House
Last Night to See
I "QUO VASS ISS" and 3
"THE BIG LITTLE PRINCESS" |
The very acme of productions. As many .
i.tushs as there are day* m -ne y?ir. ' Jlay-
niflcently staged l/> *%*ery way.
Our "All-Star" Cast. Including
KOLIi AND DILL.
BARNEY BERXAltD.
WINFIELD BLAKE.
HARKY HERMSEN,
MAUDE AMBER.
ELEANOR JENKINS.
ETC.. ETC.. ETC.
RESEIIVED S-EATS— Nights. 25c, 60c and
71>c; Saturday and Sunday Matinee*. 115c and
50c: Children at Matinees. U>c ar.d 25c.
Symphony Concerts,
FRITZ SGHEEL, Km
Auspices S. F. Symphony Society. '
GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
ORCHESTRA OF 70 MUSICIANS.
Concerts at 3:15 p. m. FRIDAY, August 14,
THURSDAY. August 27. and every THURS-
DAY fcllowlng up to and including October S.
SALB OF SINGLE SEATS NOW ON AT
BHERMAN & CLAY'S MUSIC STORE.
TRICES OF SEATS.
Orchestra. $1 60; Dress Circle. $1 50, first
four rows; fl 25. last four rows; Family Circle,
SI, fits: two rows; 50c, last four rows; Gallery,
i SOc.
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.
RECREATION PARK.
EIGHTH AND HARRISON
CHAMPIONSHIP GAMES.
THURSDAY AND FRIDAY. 3:S0 P. M.; SAT-
URDAY, 3:00 P. M.
SUNDAY 2:30 P. M.
OAKLAND vs. SAN FRANCISCO.
LADIES' DAYS THURSDAY AND FRIDAY.
Advance Sale. 5 Stockton St.
MISCET.T. A TreOUS.
/fth Patented Hf%\
Lj\ Spheroid /il
I V Eye Glasses M^j.
' /^ Y Wil1 kap™™ the sight. J ' I
I J Prices moderate. Vij
. v *ax!jLaBe '^ *"" T *^ -
Q visit DR. JORDAN'S qreat^
tHUSEUH OF ANATOEIY^
9 (Tfe ' 1061 VASXI7 67. U%. itUTb, Z.T.Ctl. A
\ Cf The Lar^ejt Anatomical Mu»«um in the
A «rs*>*». \Ve*kne»»e» or any contracted Q
T mgw) disease po»IH»«-ly e«r«d hy tbe okteit x
© IS«K| b P eaill »- on Ihe Com- tit 36 jrearv. Q
SflfgJ j OR. J0RDAK-D1SEASES OF MEN A
P^SffSa Consultation free and itrictly printe. \
I jfffPm Treatment personally or by letter. A A
¦ Cr nil Portbce Curt in e»ery case undertaken. T
H} I] ft Write for Book. rUILOSOI-ny.fi
* II ji n*nnUbi:, mailed free. CAT
1 l| If , valuable bosk for mm) \
9 OH. JOBDAK A CO.. 1051 Msrket Ht.,8. F. 9
P*1*r(* DOyj FAIL TO
I aia WW see the beautiful
- COURT Lounging
Jill (1 's room, the EMPIRE
«UU PARLOR, the
r - PALM ROOM.the
If f^ lid LOUIS XV PAR-
V1 « UU LOR, and the LA-
«, , DIES' WRITING
Hotels room
AJDVER.TTSTTM EJJT3.
STATEMENT
or the
CONDITION AND AITAIB3 g\
——OF TUB
GienBiirs
FIBE INSDRANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATB OT NEW
York, en the Slst day of December. A.
D. 1002 and for th* year endlns oa that day.
as mad« to the Insurance Comzaissloser of th*
State of California, pursuant to th« prorlsloas
of sections 610 and 611 of tho Politic*! Cods,
condensed aa per blank fuzslsned by tho Com-
missioner.
CAPITAI*
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up -
la Caab HOQ.000 00
ASSETS. ~*
Real Estat* owned by Cbmpasy... IT3.C0O 04
I<cans on Bonds and Mortjrages... M.500 CO
Cash Market Value of all Stock
and Bonds own«d by Company.. 880,379 00
Amount of Loan* secured by pledg*
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral.. 8,000 00
Cash in Company's Office '8.023 00
Cash in Banks C3.S37 O
Interest dua and accrued oa all
Stocks and Loans 8,132 31
Interest due and accrued oa Bonds
and Mortgages 1.088 0T
Premiums In dua Courss of Collec-
tion 831.517 78
Rents doe and accrued.... 460 00
Total Asset* .81.410.lta 60
UABIUTTEa.
Losses adjusted and unpaid 824,006 9S
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspensa 83.103 19
Losses resisted, includlnir expenses. 1.200 00
Gross premiums oa Fir* Risks
running' one year or less. SI, 113,- «
005 70; reinsurance 30 per cent. . B71,T33 73
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running- more than one year.
$50,705 57; reinsurance pro rata. 80,123 79
Due and to become das for Dor-
rowed money 70.000 0«
All other liabilities ~ 49.027 65
Total Liabilities 8808.006 79
INCOME. " "
Net cash Actually received for Ftr»
premiums 8933.887 60
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages £712 ~j
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and
from all other sources 2L4SS 74
Received for Beats 4,830 43
Total Income 8967.906 99
EXPENDITURES.
Mat amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $81,143 10. losses of
previous years) 8394,637 SO
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(including 1^ . losses of pre-
vious yearf) -•.•••••• 2.196 31
Dividends to Stockholders 12.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 151.710 41
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officer*, clerks, etc.. 28.182 74
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 11.10 33
All othtr payments and expendi-
tures 17.326 8X
Total Expenditures 8617.275 10
Losses incurred daring th* year.. 8404.710 68
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Ntt amount of Risks
wrlttea during- the
year $33,823,082 $1,853,753 SS
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 60.130.922 803.999 29
Net amount In force
December 31. 1902. . 77.171.500 1.166.701 2T
~ E. C. JAMESON. Pres.
LTMAN CANDEE. Sec.
fiubflcrlbed an£ sworn to before a» this 30tb
day of January. 1903.
WM. L. LINDSAT. Notary PuMIe.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
GENERAL AGENTS.
411 and 413 California St.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAX*
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AITAIES
DELAWARE
INSURANCE COMPANY
Or PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATB OV
Pennsylvania, oa the Zlst day of December,
A. D. 19fa2. and for the year ending oa that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to tho
provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the Po-
litical Code, condensed as per blank furnished
by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid 119
in Cash 8702.873 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company... $200,300 Of
Loans oa Bonds and Mort*a«ea.. 116, 700 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. S71.0C2 S4
Amount of Loans secured by pledg* .
ot Bonds Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities aa collateral.. 223.000 0O
Cash la Company's Office 836 S3
Cash In Banks 89,9<S3 33
Interest due aad accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 11.873 01
Interest due and accrued oa Bonds
and Mortgages 1.730 03
Premiums in due Course of Col-
lection 139.793 81
Bills receivable. not Matured.
taken for Flr« and Marine Risks. 2.791 66
Rents due aad accrued 841 67
Perpetual pxegilcms cncollectad. .. 801 60
Total Assets Tl
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $1,973 08
Losses in process of Adjustment
or In Suspense 49.363 00
Losses rtslsted. including expeases. 3.780 00
Gross premiums oa Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $361,-
927 81: reinsurance SO per cent. 282,963 9Q
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $691.-
708 95; reinsurance pro rata.... 339.133 63
Amount reclalmable by the in-
sured en perpetual fire insurance
policies 113.222 97
Cash dividends remaining unpaid.. 77 00
CoconlssloRs and ¦ Brokerage das
and to become due 27,068 M
Total Liabilities $818.290 8T
INCOME. *
Net cash actually received for Fir*
premiums • •••• $737,133 49
Received for Interest oa Beads aad
Mortgages 8.603 42
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and
from all cth#r sources 46.739 69
Received for Rents 9.633*3
Received from all other sources.. 123.446 17
Total Income • $924.880 09
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including %—. lo«ses of pre- _ ..
vious years) •• ••-¦• $401,387 33
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage 179.376 97
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 6O.5S4 48
Paid for State. National aad Local . -
taxes • ••• a.TWM
All other payments and expendi-
tures) ............•••••••••?••••• 83.728 23
Total Expenditures .......... 8717.340 63 '
Fir*!
Losses Incurred daring the year $397.187 11
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
W^r t '°.. < !?n^..! t ! $83^64.903 $1,017.223 23
Net amount of Risks
%£?.££?.:.'% T7.293.042 883*74 33
Net amount in force
December 31. 1902.. 112.946.190 1.237.636 78
CHARLES H. TARNALL. Vlee Prest.
HENRY LTLBURN. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me tMs 19t&
day of January 1903.
RICHARD H. REILLT. Notary Public.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
GENERAL AGENTS.
411 and 413 California St.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
PAUL M. NIPPERT. City AgeaC
Wfiiy Ci $1.00 DerYeap
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
U r&pl s ' s a messa S e to nien. It is B
r tfn W&itk to rnen w^°l want to ee ' e rnen f b
q y>or f/ifM £?£&!£i& to '°° 1rC ''' KC rr ' en an( * act '^ c n>cn - ®
* m W/ J^Mr*^^\- d\. 5 1S to mcn w^° kck cour- 5
U $i£^^f L ** 4>, » tge, whose nerves are shaken, g]
® Pf ; Sfc»^wr vvhose brains are muddled, ideas •
O f~|e|iii?2r fT g Izi confused, sleep restless, confidence q
B £J^^:«5 T + /%£* \\ BOnc ' s PJ" ts low a °d easily de- H
• ||;|l \ \\U/ ~/&b*Jh*\ Pressed, who are backward, hesitat- S
O ;'"¦?•*: *™ \l\rf J Wj//yv&£r fA ' n^' una^' e to vcnturc because they 9
a yfc ~~P?r *%& arc 2:rsid OI ' failure, who want g
l^P Jw^VU^S^T^ ~-aE& ? on-, .-body to decide for them, who g
9 \ '¦:?£ *'^f?5i*pZiSp^~ j4&r+?fj?- arc w«^k, p-Jiny, restless. It is to O
C v^ mcn w^° avc part or a^ °^ t^ lcsc o
P rVWwS. ira^WR symptoms and want new life, new q
O jjt\ \v^^^^ff^ force, new vigor. I offer it to yo:i O
2 / i \ \ izEi£ in my wonderful 0
I Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt |
n It has restored health and strength to thousands of weak men. If used as I £J
S direct ItUi positive cur« and cannot fall. It trlves the \1tallzir.K power of tiectricitr. Q
" without burclr.* or b:tstertr«. developing full n*or. It removes all the effects of g
- l ' I fi ; "^J° n b^ eV y r j eTiBS tor orer ten T«ars from nerrou. exhaustion and great weak- •
H -f*s of vital force and had tried all kinds ot medicines and many doctors without re- ¦
O U* when I commenced the u»« of jour Belt, out s^xty day. after doln* so I was Q
Z cosspletely cured. °^ EN ORR - Gtrvuxx^. CaL „
B nrjci: T9t\r\ir I ri^e * *«*• teft *° mix who c * 11 - If roia can ' t caU l a
O |-Knllt>UIJfV will send roa mr beautifully illustrated book with full g
B information free. Call or writ* now. Don't delay. W
IDp. M. C. McLaughlln^SST^ 8
osoEOEone2onoH©B©EeE6S&a©B02oa©B02es©aoaoa©si
AT ft AfT 1 Tfc B«las«** Mayer,
ALCAZAR ».«¦&•
: G«n. Mgr.
MAT. TO-DAT— TO-NIGHT— LAST WEEK of
WHITE WHITTLESEY
As D' Artagnan in a Fine Production ot
THE THREE MUSKETEERS.
Etj., 25c to 75c; Mat. Thur. ft Sat.'. 15c to 50c.
NEXT MONDAY— Belaaco & Mayer's great
special presentation of the quaint rural comedy,
THE DAIRY FARM.
As Given 1200 Times io the East.
First Time in San Francisco
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
'^3&r Eu3E9 H BUB • M » lE^H p-ofjHftftf^
Market et.. near Eighth Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— ONE WEEK ONLT.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Magnificent Production of the New York asd
London Success,
"Man's Enemy"
Th« Greatest of Scenic Sensational Melo-
dramas.
Dealing With the Evils of Drink!
DDirCC Erenlngs 10c to 50c
rttlltj Matinees 10c 15c. 25o
Grand Army Week. Aug. 17.
The Famous Civil War Drama.
"CUMBERLAND >61"
H _ Mo*t powerful orR-anization Bl^A
\j of Its kind In America. 0 1
nEIIiL-MOSOSCO CO. p »
Presenting the Corcedy Ko-
7H mance. 75
*|A BARGAIN MATINEE TO- J5O
~Z DAY— 25C ini 50c.
2J5 Sunday— To Greet tho Na- JcO
tlon's Heroes.
SEENAHD OAK
T| Greatest of all War Dramas. K*"*"
I Seats Now Selling. gu
niih-dass Specialties Every Afternoon
and Evening in the Theater.
TO-NIGHT.
GALA^AMATEUR PERFORMANCE
Concluding With—: —
NEW LIVING PICTURES.
TAKE A TRIP -DOWN THE FLUME."
VISIT THE
"MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE"
ADMISSION 10c | CHILDREN. Sc
MISCET.T, AireOUS.
STATEMENT
——OF THE— —
CONDITION AND APPAIBS
OF THE'
INSURANCE COMPANY *
OF WATERTOWN. IN THE STATE OT
Xew York, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1002. and for the year ending on that
day. as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of tbe State of California, pursuant to th*
provisions of sections 610 and Oil of the Po-
litical Code, condensed as par blank furnished
by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
j Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash $500.000 00
ASSETS. ~~
Real Estate Owned by Company.. (344.503 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 5£<4,715 07
' Cash Market Value of all Stocks
aril Bonds owned by Company. 8S3.1S9 23
Amount of Loans secured by
pledge ot Bonds. Stocks, and
other marketable securities as -
collateral 321,202 40
Cash in Company's Office 13.634 21
Cash in Banks 178.732 U
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 14.M3 33
Interest due and accrued on Bond*
and Mortgages 10.177 71
Premium* in due Course of Collec-
tion • 208,025 14
Due from other Companies for R*»
1 insurance on lcsies already paid i,tn it
Commissions on unpaid reinsur-
ance 2.C63 39
Total Assets .«2.aC8.2ag~78
LIABILITIES. '
Leases adjusted and unpaid IU.8CH 73
Losses in process of Adjustment
cr la Suspense C2.P31 33
Losses resisted, Including expenses 12.S21 32
Gross Premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or less. 3902.-
751 00: reinsurance 50 p«r cent. 431.373 50
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running mort than one yezr.
$1,651,803 00: reinsurance pro
rata V.'Jsillt .¦*" 822,077 81
Commissions and Brokerage du«
and to become due 47,183 00
Reiuiuranc* premiums 10.87* 17
Total liabilities .$1.448.183 10
INCOME. "¦ == == 3
Net cash actually received for Fir*
premiums • •••••.$1,221,705 43
deceived for Interest oa Bonds
and Mortgages 37.471 gj
Received for interest and dlvl- '
dends on Bonds. Stocks. Loans.
aod from all other sources 54,674 01
Received for Rents 4.592 ca
Received from all other sources.. U4.412 7J
Total Income .$1,462.356 CO
EXPENDITURES. " ==S
Net amount paid for Flr« Losses
(including J0S.834 iO, losses of
prevloua years) $618,237 00
Dividends to Stockholders 50.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage •- 834278 7J
Paid for Batarles. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 88LC27 71
Paid for State. National and Local
Uxes • 47,353 38
All other payments and expendi-
tures ¦ 118.734 20
Total Expenditures S1.2K2.653 CO
Flrel
Losses Incurred during the year.. $643,243 00
Risks and Premiums. |Fire Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year J163.845.700 $1,731,535 00
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 158.840,100 I.6I4.S1S 00
Net amount In force
December 31. 1902. 215.005.200 2.454,054 QQ
A. H. SAWYER. Prest!
W. H. STEVENS. Secy.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 2ith
day of January. 1003.
L. B. COOKE. Notary Public.
EDWARD BROWN &. SONS, Ccn'l Agents,
411 and 413 California st.. S. F. CaL
GEO. H. MURDOCH & SON, City Agents,
412 California St.. San Francisco. CaL
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
S-BESH AJSTD SAZ,T 9CBAT8.
I1C RnVh'< ft C(\ Shlpplr.* Botchers. 1M
JA2. DU 1CJ ff Wu. Clay; Tel. Main 1294.
OZXiS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD * ELLI3.
418 Front st. 8. F. Phone Main 1719.
psxaxiso.
F f HIIfiHFS PRINTER,
C U flUUUCJ, fill Eansoma st.. S. ».Jeffries continues a 2 to 1 favorite In
the betting on the big fight. Where there
arc five fanciers of Corbett. to one of Jef
fries the backers of the latter are * the
MANY SPORTING MEN HERE.
WOODLAND, Aug. 12.— Professor E. X.
Henderson of Brooklyn, 'N. Y., and Miss
Margaret Wallace of this city were mar
ried this morning in St. Luke's Episcopal
Church by Rev. D. E. Holt. A dainty
wedding breakfast was served to the
relatives immediately after the ceremony
at the home of C. W. Bush, an uncle. of
the bride. Mr. and Mrs.. Henderson left
on- the afternoon - train for ! San Fran
cisco. • — " - — >~-v
Weds a Belle of Woodland.
Returns From East With His Bride.
PALO - ALTO, Aug. 12.— Winfleld S.
Barnhelsel, assistant engineer for the
Municipal Light and Water Works, re
turned to-day from Wisconsin, where he
went some time ago to marry Miss Caro
lyn Michael. His bride returned with him
today. Barnheisel's marriage was the
happy conclusion : of a pretty romance.
When Miss Michael was a child of 6 or 7
years he became attracted . by her and
since has always kept In correspondence
with her, although he had not seen her
from that time until his recent visit.
SEATTLE, Wash., Aug. 12.— In the
State, tennis tournament Freerr.an defeat
ed RUssell to-day for the championship of
the Pacific Coast by a score of 32 to 19,
1 winning six games out of. seven. Russell
played strongly, but Freeman's superior
ity was marked. A large crowd of spec
tators was present, hoping to see the
local man- win. Several other very clever
matches were played and the whole event
was an /Interesting one. The day's games
closed the tournament.
Freeman Wins Tennis Championship.
SEATTLE, Aug. 12.— Following is the
summary of to-day's' racing at The
Meadows:
2:40 trot — Won by Idyl wild In, two straight
heats. Beat time. 2:21. Montcrat and Belladl
dU'lded second and third money for alternate
heats. St. Patrick and Louis Z divided fourth.
Four and a half furlongs — Master wen,
Gladys Bell second. Cllvoeo third. Time. :BB%;
Five furlongs — Katherln»» Ennis« won. Skip
Me second. Vlnce third. Time. 1:01%.
One inilf — Morengo won. Goldflnder second,
Burdock third. » Time. 1:42%.
Six furlongs — Sallle Goodwin won. Berendos
second. Phyz third. Time. 1:14. -
Seven furlongs — Miss Vera won. Axmlnster
second. Lone Fisherman third. Time, 1:29%<
Racing at The Meadows.
ANXIETY FELT FOB SAFETY
OF VISITOR FKOH DETROIT
Captain Harry E. Smith Mysteriously
Disappears From the Riviera
Hotel at Long Beach.
LONG BEACH, Aug. 12.— Captain Harry
E. Smith of Detroit, Mich., who has been
a guest at the Riviera Hotel here since
last November, is missing and consid
erable anxiety is felt for his safety. He
left the house August 3, presumably to
go to Lob Angeles, and did not return.
The missing man's trunks and all of his
clothes were left here. His wife, who is
a daughter of Judge Brewster of Michi
gan, has been Informed at Detroit of Cap.
tain Smith's disappearance. Captain
Emlth lost his health In Cuba and has
been here recuperating.
Alleged Counterfeiters la the Toils
TACOMA. Wash.. Aug. 12.-The local
police have arrested Charles Johnson,
aged 20, and Alice Roeper, aged 26, on a
charge of being Implicated with a gang
In passing counterfeit money in the towns
on Puget Sound. The prisoners were
turned over to Secret Service Agent Bell
and taken to Seattle for examination
E. J. Edwards, one of the leading busi
ness men in Palo Alto, is pressing the
project. He Is authority for the state
ment that by the latter part of September
the organization of the club will be com
plete and the clubhouse under erection.
-STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Aug. 12.—
A number of Stanford students and sev
eral Palo Alto business men who are in
terested In horses are contemplating
starting a gentleman's driving club. The
plans, though fairly well developed, are
not yet definite. It is thought the t»-ack
and some of the stables of the old Stan
ford Stock Farm may be procured as club
quarters.
Driving^ Club for Palo Alto.
Corbett has not eased off in his training
as rapidly as it was expected he would do.
Whenever the mood comes over him Jim
is engaged in one form of exercise or an
other. If he is not in the ring or the
gymnasium he is on the baseball field or
strolling along the avenues and streets
In the vicinity of Croll's Gar
dens. Yesterday Corbett boxed six
rounds In his open air ring with
Sam Berger and Yank Kenny. He went
after Berger in the quick shadow move
ment style, tapping him but very lightly
and doing more foot than hand work.
With Kenny Corbett increased the force
behind his gloves and walloped his mas
sive trial horse In a manner that would
cause an ordinary sparring partner to feel
like the last rose on the bush. AH of Cor
bett's exercising is done in the morning
hours, when the air is fresh and Invig
orating. After mixing with Berger and
Kenny yesterday in the outdoor arena
Corbett went at the light punching bag
and played a tattoo on It for six rounds.
This was followed with a turn at the va
rious muscle developing machines in his
gymnasium. Then the big boxer sub
mitted himself to massage treatment at
the hands of Professor Tommy Dare and
his work for the morning was over. In
the afternoon Jim took to tho baseball
diamond and played every position on the
field, apparently enjoying the sport to the
limit.. In the evening he went for his
usual stroll, returning to his cottage and
retiring at 9 o'clock. This morning Cor
bett will work out in his gymnasium and
will spar with Berger and Kenny between
10 and 11 o'clock. He will continue to take
the massage and rubdowns prescribed for
him by Professor Tommy Dare until to
morrow.
For a time yesterday his friends were
afraid Jim would injure his hands from
the way he and Kenny mixed matters.
For two minutes the men cast aside all
rules of boxing and yent in for slugging
pure and simple. Tommy Ryan called to
Corbett to stop several times, but his
words fell on ears that would not hear.
When they finally desisted there was a
splash of blood on Kenny's mouth to tell
of stinging blows.
and confident that he will be
thj victor In to-morrow night's test of hu
man physical skill and endurance. lie
smiles at the fears of some of his friends
who profess to believe he will be rent
with nervousness before the gong sounds
the onset and as a consequence will lack
that Essential element which all winning
fighters must have— vitality.
Corbett asserts he has put up his hands
too many times to defend himself and lay
his opponents low to allow such an ama
teur affliction as stage fright or worry to
undo him at this stage of his career with
the gloves. He goes about his finishing
work at his training quarters at Croll's
Gardens in Alameda with the same en
ergy and deliberation that have charac
terized his bodily exercises for nearly
three months. Jim states that the antic
ipation of feeling like the champion of all
pugdom does not disconcert him, as he
has felt that way before. lie has expe
rienced the sensation of capturing the
boxing honors of the world and has come
out of a ten-second daze to realize the
bitterness of defeat. Therefore, Corbett
reasons, what has he to worry about or
why should he be afflicted with nervous
ness? He figures he has no prestige to
lose If conquered for the second timo by
James J. Jeffries and all things to gain if
he knocks the swarthy boilermaker boxer
from the exalted-pedestal he now occupies
In the arena.
WITH the ring battle of his tffe
less than forty hours off,
James J. Corbett. ex-champion
boxer of the world, feels fit
In conditioning himself for the ap
proaching contest with James J. Corbett
Jeffries has had as sparring mates Bob
Fltzsimmons, Joe Kennedy, the clever
San Francisco heavyweight, and Jack
Jeffries. Long, vitality-sapping runs on
the country roads under a scorching sun,
wearing double and triple sweaters, was
eliminated from the champion's training
for this fight. As a consequence he will
probably enter the ring heavier than ever
before. The object of this was to give
speed, and Manager Billy Delaney thinks
this desired quality has been acquired.
These changed methods caused stories to
be spread that Jeffries was dissipating,
but there was little or no foundation for
them. Spectators at the Pavilion to-mor
row night will see a vastly improved
fighter over the man who defeated Ruhlin
and Fitzslmmons in this city.
The herculean boiler maker put in a
hard day's work on Tuesday at Harbin
as a sort of wind up to his labor. In the
forenoon he Bpent an hour in the gym
nasium punching the bag, skipping the
rope and using the pully weights. In the
afternoon he took part In a ball game and
in the evening Indulged in more gym
nasium efforts. First a fierce tattoo was
kept up for eleven three-minute rounds
with the punching bag, ending with four
rounds of tugging and . wrestling. Jack
Jeffries and Kennedy being his antago
nists. Jeffries next skipped the roper 800
times. Etrenuou* work of this description
naturally requires physical energy, but
after a five minutes' rest Jeffries, again
picking up the pulley weights, was joking
JAMES J. JEFFRIES has done with
active training and is resting at !
the Hotel Metropole In Oakland, fit
and ready for to-morrow night's
battle.
Looking the picture of rugged man
hood, the champion came down from
Harbin Springs yesterday and was
greeted at Sixteenth-street station by a
crowd of his admirers, among which were
George Slier, the noted Chicago referee.
Seven weeks were spent at the Lake
County resort, a portion of which time
¦was given up to recreation and deer hunt-
Ing.
Sporting men from all parts of the
country are dropping into town to see the
big mill. "Parson" Davies, who has at
tended all the big fights, was one of the
notable arrivals yesterday. Harry Cor
bett received a telegram from Harry
Stuart of Los Angeles saying a special
train of nine Pullmans will leave there
for this city to-day filled with men who
want to pee Jim Corbetfs skill matched
against the brawn of the man from the
Southland.
heavier bettors and the most money is
offered on him. They talk in thousands,
while Corbett's adherents talk in fives.
It is anticipated there will be some betting
to-day on the number of rounds the fight
will go. It Is expected It will be even
money that Jeffries will win In fifteen
rounds.
New York Is Outbatted by St. Louis,
but Easily "Wins the
Game.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
NEW YORK, Aug. 11.— Although St. Louis
outbatted New York to-day the home team won
easily. The visitors made fourteen htt» off
Taylor, but only got four runs, while New
York tallied fourteen times. Attendance, S40O.
Bcor«: *
New York ; 14 11 2
St. Louis 4 14 4
Batterie»-»-T»ylor, Warner and Bowerman;
Dualeavy and Ryan. Umpire — Emslle.
BROOKLYN. Aug. 12.— Wagner saved the
day for Pittsburg on several occasions to-day,
and the home team was beaten by one run.
Leever gave way to Vail In the fourth inning
and Jones displaced Reldy in the third. At
tendance, 3000. Score:
R. H. E.
Pittsburg 6 9 0
Brooklyn 18 7 1
Batteries— Leever. Vail and Phelps; Reidy,
Jones and Jacklltsch. Umpire — Hurst..
BOSTON, Aug. 12. — Chicago won the first
game in a double header from Boston to-day,
7 to 4, but Boston took the second, 11 to 10.
Attendance, 3400. Score: /
First game — R. H. E.
Chicago 7 7- 1
Boston 4 10 0
Batteries— Wicker and Kling; Plttlnger and
Second game— R. H. E.
Boston •....••••.••••••••••••••••••11 13 ( 8
Chicago ; 10 10 2
Batteries — Williams, • Carney and Moron;
Menefee, Wlmer and Kllng. Umpire — O'Day.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.-
CLEVELAND, Ohio. Aug. 12.— Clevland shut
out Chicago to-day. Bradley's batting was the
feature. Attendance. 2600.. Score:
".• ' R. H. , E.
Cleveland 3 13 . 2
Chicago. 0 .5 1
Batteries — Donahue and Abbott; 'Flaherty
and Slattery.
One playing on tho piano. the music for
three songs exerts force enough to raise
1000 pounds.
Jeffries will strip at the Reliance Club
in Oakland this afternoon and go through
some light exercise.^ Manager Delaney
said yesterday he will ask the directors of
the Yosemite Club to have each of the
contestants for the championship exam
ined by the club physician before enter
ing the ring. Fouls have cut a promi
nent figure in ring battles of late and
Delaney thinks It might be possible to
cause some bodily defect prior to enter
ing the ring that in case of a foul being
claimed would influence even an honest
referee in awarding a decision.
MAKES FOURTEEN" BUNS
WITH BUT ELEVEN HITS
Eefore each of his big battles the cham
pion has been the recipient of a hand
some American flag from a New York ad
mirer to be worn about the waist. He
was not forgotten for this one, for Tues
day's mall brought a magnificent new
set of colors.
The champion's trip from the springs
to Oakland was marked by nothing event
ful. His party of ten, consisting of the
big boiler maker, Jim Hayes, Chalk Rob
erts, Mike Ilallahan, Manager Delaney,
Jack Jeffries, Joe Kennedy and three
newspaper men, left in a five-seater with
Lon Kelly handling: the reins for the
dusty ride over St. Helena Mountain to
Callstoga.
Jeffries and his retinue of assistants
were ever ready to assist the sick or the
needy at Harbin and their gentlemanly
deportment at the summer resort en
deared them to all. The big fellow car
ried with him the well wishes of all the
remaining guests. With his accustomed
generosity Jeffries gladdened the hearts
of the employes who had been considerate
to him by tipping with a lavish hand,
luncheon was partaken of at the Toll
House on the summit, Callstoga being
reached Just at train time.
and talking with friends, looking as
bright and fresh as a May flower.
ANGELS ARE VICTORIOUS.
SEATTLE, Wash., Aug. 12.— Seattle won a
close game to-day by hard hitting and in
spite of half a dozen fielding errors, nearly all
costly. Both pitchers were hit freely. Each
struck out but one man. Score:
R. H p^_
Seattle " .10 0 5 0 3 0 1 •—10 »4* O
Portland 0 40021000—7 8 3
Batteries — Drohan and Wilson; Butler and
Vlgneux. Umpire — Levy.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 12.— The game between
Sacramento and Los Angeles was hard fought
and exciting. Ten innings were played before
the game was decided In favor of Loa Angeles.
Snappy fielding and hard hitting kept the spec
tators In an uproar of excitement all the time,
until an error by Baker, who Is Fisher's new
acquisition In the twirling line, cost him th©
game. Baker retrieved a bunt, but made a
bad throw to Graham and the winning run
¦cored. Score:
R. H. E.
Sacramento .0 00000301 0 — t It 3
Los Angeles.l 11OOO1OO 1 — 5 9 2
Batteries — Baker and Graham: Newton and
Spies. Umpire — O'Conr.ell.
HEAVY HITTING AT TAC0MA.
W. L. Pet. W. L. Pct-
Lns Angeles. 64 39 -»'.2t San Fran S5 49 .529
Butte 62 39 .613 Tacoma 4.T 59 .423
Spokane 5* 45 .863 Helena 3S «f> .3S7
Seattle 54 4S .529'Salt Lake. ..12 26 .319
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(Pacific National League.)
TACOMA. Wash.. Aug.* 12.— Blewett was hit
hard and lively to-day, mostly for clean drives,
and the visitors scored at will. Leitman was
effective. Burns did excellent work both in
fielding and batting, and Marshall's batting
was also a feature. Players of the San Fran
cisco team are up in arms over a change in
the schedule billing them in Los Angeles th«
coming two weeks. Thl3 will make seventeen
weeks the team has been on the road. Score;
R. H. E.
San Franclsco.l 00024O00— 7 IS .1
Tacoma 0 00000010—1 7 1
Batteries — Leitman and Zearfoss; Blewett
and Byers. Umpire — Colgan.
SPOKANE. Wash., Aug. 12. — Carter «u
given an unmerciful drubbing by the Indiana
this afternoon. He-' was knocked all over the
lot. Hogg held the Senators down to nine hits.
Attendance, WH>. Score: .,..;¦..-.•. HKSB
R. H. E.
Spokane 1 R O 2 1 1 2 0 x— 1.1 2M O
Helena 0 0040100 2—7 9 .1
Rntt pries — Hcjrs and Hanson; Carter and,
Carrlsch. Umpire — Warner.
SEATTLE. Wash.. Aug. 12.— A bad decision
by Caruthers prevented the locals from tylnsr
the score to-day after they had made a coupl*
nf doubles and Hlldebrand had Issued a past.
The fielding en both sides waa fast. Score:
n. H. e.
Seattle 0 0010000 2 — 3 5 3
Los Angeles.. 1 0001100 1—4 10 3
Batteries — Maupin and Spencer: A. II:M«
brand and H. Hlldebrand. Umpire— Carutbers.
SALT LAKE. Utah. Aug. 12. —Butte had no
difficulty In winning to-day's game. Lund
bom wiis taken out of the box at the end of
the fourth lnnlnr. after seven runs had been
scored. Toiler, who succeeded him. received
miserable support and was not much more ef
fective. Score:
R. H. B,
Salt Lake....O 0 0 t 0 0 2 t 1— 5 14 \f
Butte 1 0 2 3 13 1 0 x— 11 12 f
Batteries — Lundbom. ToxW and Shea; Dowf
ing and Henry. Umpire — Huston.
MARRY FORBES and Frank Neil,
the best two boxers of their
weight in America, will meet to
night In Mechanics' Pavilion in
a twenty-round battle for the
bantam-weight championship. Forbes Is
the holder of the title.
The boys are to weigh In at 116 pounds
at 3 o'clock this afternoon at Corbett's.
Both have made the weight without any
difficulty and will do but little work to
day. Nell came over from Alameda last
night and went to one of the theaters.
This 'meeting means much to Forbes.
He was given the decision over Nell in
Oakland last winter in a fight In which
Nell claimed a foul. The claim was not
allowed. They were matched again, but
Forbes fell under the blighting Influence
of Danny Lynch and the fight was de
clared off. Clarence Forbes took his
brother's place. Although outweighing his
opponent, he was knocked out.
Nell is a natural fighter, who will tackle
any proposition in the ring, no matter
what the odds against him may be. Forbes
Is the more finished boxer and the better
ring general. His opponent expects to off
set this with his aggressiveness and his
hitting power, which is out of all propor
tion to his size.
Eddie Graney will referee the fight,
which will be preceded by two preliminary
bouts of unusual class.
GREYHOUNDS OF CLASS
IN COURSING STAKE
Sacramento Boy, Pocatelli, Palo Alto
and Other Flyers Are Entered
, at Union Park.
A sixty-four-dog open stake, with Sac
ramento Boy, Pocatelli, Palo Alto and
other crack greyhounds in the running,
will be the card on Sunday at Union
Coursing Park. The draw last night re
sulted as follows:
Mickey Free vs. Flaunt; Minnie Honcan vt
Presidio Boy; Mountain Poet vs. Trzlee Boy-
Frisky Barbara vs. Eagle; Gunpowder vs.'
Pacing Millie ; America vs. Algle McDonald-
Honest John vs. Game Boy; Athena vs Lady
Alice; Glancing Pasha vs. Liberator; Man
hattan King vs. Sacramento Boy; Sweet Peas
vs. Red Rock; Yankee Boy vs. Flying Fox-
Master Rocket vs. Magic Stuff; Free Born
vs. Gambit: Boots vs. Pepper Hill; Progresso
vs. Ragged Actor; Fair Oaks vs. Vandal-
Reckless Acrobat vs. Cloverdale; Sempronlus
vs. Real Article; lone Hill vs. Fontenoy
Dorothy M vs. Palo Alto; Roman Athlete vs.
Brilliancy; Don Pedro vs. Clarice; Cluster vs.
Dear Gas" ton; Ploughman vs. Dartaway Happy
vs. Pocatelli; Tilly R vs. Reno; Trotting Bob
vs. Jack Short; Silver Cloud vs. Ruby Sankey-
Golden Light vs; Bonnie Pasha; Minnie San
kty vs. Money Musk; Silver Heels vs. Hai>
hazard.
CHAMPION HEAVY-WEIGHT BOXER OF THE WORLD AND CHALLENGER FOR THE TITLE.
General Last reviewed the regiment on
the parade ground this evening. A grand
ball was given to-night at Hotel del Coro
nado In honor of the visiting guardsmen.
Troops from Fort Rosecrans this after
noon gave a wall-scaling exhibition for
the regiment, box cars being used as ram
part?.
There were battalion, regimental and
company drills this morning and the
guardsmen were put through many evo
lutions. The cavalry also drilled and took
a Ebort run along the beach.
The deserter who was placed in the
guardhouse was a member of Company F
of Fresno. He was drummed out of camp
to-day and on the return of the company
to Fresno he will be dishonorably dis
charged.
SAN DIEGO, Aug. 12.— The encampment
of the Seventh Regiment, N. G. C, was
visited to-day by General Charles F. A.
Last, who thoroughly inspected the com
panies' quarters, commissary department
and sanitary conditions. V
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 12.— A grand ball
was given at the armory by the new
Santa. Cruz committee this evening in
honor of the visiting militiamen. At
Camp Stone the Second Regiment Band
from Sacramento gave an open-air con
cert.
He Will Be Dishonorably Discharged
When Company Returns to
Home City.
FRESNO MILITIAMEN DRUM
DESERTER OUT OF CAMP
\V. E. Knowles and party were also on
the road between Del Monte and San
Francisco yesterday.'
At llil a. m. C. A. Hawkins with J.
Rice and Arthur Inkersley left the Hotel
del Monte in a touring car. Salinss was
reached at 12:05. On leaving that town
the operator by mistake took the Wat
sonvilie road instead of that to San Jose,
the time lopt in petting back to the right
road being fifteen minutes. San Jose was
reached at 3:03. in an elapsed time of 3
hours 44 minutes, or deducting the fifteen
minutes lost by pursuing the wrong road,
in 2 hours 2» minutes. A stop was made
at the Hotel Vendome in San Jo?e to pro
cure gasoline. At 3:20 p. m. the right rear
tire was found to be punctured and a stop
was made to put on a new tire. This op
eration tuok 23 minutes. The city limits
of Oakland were reached at 5:43 p. m..
and The Call branch office in Oakland at
5:56 p. m. The trip was accordingly made
in an elapsed time of 6 hours 33 minutes.
Deducting delays the actual running time
was 5 hours 17 minutes.
It is alleged that they were traveling at
the rate of 40 miles an hour. They were
obliged to deposit 5100 bail. The time lost
in securing bail was two hours. The car
afterward ran into a fence and 23 minutes
was lost in petting out of this trouble.
The otber car met with one mishap. A
cr>ark plug broke off and from forty to
fifty minutes were needed to find where
the trouble was and to remedy it. With
this delay the car reached Oakland at 5:50
p. m.. in an elapsed time cf 9 hours and
15 minutes.
Nearly all the automobilists who went
to Del Monte for the tournament have
left that resort. Two or three attempts
were made yesterday to establish records
for the trip from Del Monte, to Oakland.
J. A. Keenan with Caesar Luckhardt left
Del Monte at yesterday morning. R.
C. Lennige with Lewis Andrews left the
hot^l at the same time. Keenan and
Luckhardt reached San Jose at 12:10, an
elapsed time of 3 hours 35 minutes. At
San Jose they were arrested for having
driven through Gilroy at too high a rate
of speed.
Messerly found the center field fence in
the ninth round after two were out and
the game was all but over. Peter Loh
man rested on ?econd at the time and he
came proudly in ahead of Messerly. The
score:
San Francisco — ! Oakland —
AB. R. H. P. A.' AC. H. H. PA.
Fhay, ¦.. 4 1 1 O 5 5'Hara.cf 4 tilt
Meany.rf. 2 2 f* 2 •> fVncks.a 3 0 O 2 4
Irw-in,3b. 5 0 12 2 Murdk.rf 3 0 15 0
Pabst. lb 4 1 2 13 4 Schrtz.Sb 4 0 10 4
Krus cf 4 1 12 0 Baxter.2b 4 113 1
Lynch, cf 4 1 1 2 0 Kruger.lf 4 0 0 2 0
D«lma,2b 4 1 2 « 3'Lohmn. c 4 0 I 2 3
Kelly, c. 3 0 1 2 2 Mes'ly.lb 3 1 2 11 1
Whalen.p 3 0 0 1 U Msklmn.p I «> 0 1 t
Totals. 34 7 9 27 20| Totals. 33 3 7 27 13
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco ...1 1 4 1 0 0 0 0 0— T
Base hits 2 2 3 1 1 0 0 0 0—9
Oakland 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2—3
Base hits 2 0 0 0 2 1 0 0 2— T
SUSMMARY.
Home runs — Delma3. Messerly. Stolen bas?«
— Shay. Meany. Errors — Sh«y. Baxter, Del
mas. M^sserly. Two-base hits — Irwln. Lynch.
Murdock. Sacrifice hits — Mnny. Francks. F1rs«t
bane on errors — San Francisco 2. Oakland 2.
First base on called balls — Off Whalen. 2: off
Mosklman. 2. Left on bases — San Francisco 4.
Oakland 6. Struck out— By Whalen. 2; by
Mosklman. 2. Double play — Kelly to Irwin.
Time of Kane — One hour and forty minutes.
Umpire — McDonald.
runs.
Delmas finished the good work in tha
fourth inning. Two were down and Pabst
and Krug occupied positions on the bags.
Then Del came to the plate, and after
fouling off about fourteen good ones, ho
espied one he wanted and without fur
ther ceremony sent it on a mad eouwe
over the right field fence for the only
home run hit he ever gained on the home
field.
The San Francisco baseball team ar
rived yesterday full of life and flushed
with the triumphs they achieved in the
far north. They were fit and ready to
give" battle to any ones ball team. No
one conceded the Cripples a chance, un
less it " were Peter Lohman. Peter'*
prophecy does not always make good, for
his followers never got well started and
the game ended 7 to 3.
Uncle's men had their batting eyes
burnished in the north. They still retain
that gleam which made the pitchers up
there fear them. This was clearly shown
by the way in which they got to Dr.
Moskiman occasionally. He was easy— so
easy that they got tired of batting tho
ball after the first few innings and wer«
content with rolling up a total of seven
(Pacific Coast league.)
a"r.»«"to"io W :W)|6akl.nd ....30 7* .S»
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Gilroy Officials Telegraph to
San Jose, Where Men
Are Arrested.
Delmas and Messerly Clear
the Fence for Home
Run Drives.
Uncle's Men Show Great
Form on Their Re
turn Home.
Record-Breaking Trip Is
Interrupted by the
Polica
MOTORISTS FALL
UNDER THE BAN
CRIPPLES NEYER
HAVE A CHANCE
CHAMPION JEFFRIES ARRIVES AT OAKLAND IN SAFETY
Heavy- Weight Boxer Js Pronounced in the Finest Condition---Gorbett and
Kenny Indulge in Sensational Slugging Match. . .'.=. '
TH3J SAW FRANCISCO CALL, THUBSDAY. AUGUST 13. 1903.
8
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MALARIA A
Germ Infected Air.
Malaria is not confined exclusively to the swamps k^t24^\
and marshy regions of the country, but wherever there is W^ri^t
bad air this insidious foe to health is found. Poisonous WMMfh
vapors and gases from sewers, and the musty air of damp P^lOO
cellars are laden with the germs of this miserable disease, i^^Wi
which are breathed into the lungs and taken up by the f 5^V^|
Wood and transmitted to every part of the body. Then fi^WPi
you begin to feel out of sorts without ever suspecting the
cause. No energy or appetite, dull headaches, sleepy and W*v im
tired and completely fagged out from the slightest exer- u :;^M
tion, are some of the deplorable effects of this enfeebling n^Jnlft'
malady. As the disease progresses and the blood becomes IB
more deeply poisoned, boils and abscesses and dark or ify^zHffiil ~-\
yellow spots appear upon the skin. When the poison is
left to ferment and the microbes and germs to multiply in
the blood, Liver and Kidney troubles and^ other serious complications often
arise. As Malaria begins and develops in the blood, the treatment to, be
Si , , effective must begin there too. S. S. S. destroys
ffT^ f(C^ *k e germs and poisons and purifies the polluted
blood, and under its tonic, effect the debilitated
K^JJ "b^V constitution rapidly recuperates and the system is
S **-^ soon clear of all signs of this depressing disease.
S. S. S. is a guaranteed purely vegetable remedy, mild, pleasant and
harmless. Write us if you want medical advice or any special informa-
tion about your case. This will cost you nothing.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GAm_
ADVERTISEMENTS. t
ttorxe ecjual ff& &*• j» 'TELEGRAPH NEWS.
DEJADWOOD. S. D., Aug. . 12.— C. W. Car
penter, one of the wealthiest men In the Black
Hills, died to-day of apoplexy.
Registration of Students
Shows a Material ,
\: Decrease.
The priests of. the diocese. In order of
seniority, approached and tendered alle
giance. ..
After pontifical mass, celebrated by
Bishop John J. O'Connor of Newark, N.
J., and a sermon by' Bishop B. - J. Mc-
Quade of Rochester, the papal bull of ap»
pointment was read by. Father Lavelle.
Then came the receiving of the papal
bloqsing, ' the immersion of the pallium
by. Monsignor Falconio, assisted by the
Right Rev. Monsignor John Edwards,
and an. address by the clergy, an ' ad
dress to the laity and a reply by Arch
bishop-Farley. .
NEW YORK, Aug. 12.— With all the
ceremonial which the -Roman Catholic
'church assumes on festal occasions, the
Most Rev. John M". Farley, Archbishop
of 'the New York archdiocese, was in
vested with the pallium at the hands of
the Most Rev. D. Falconio, Apostolic
Delegate to the United States, in St. Pat
rick's Cathedral to-day.
The delegates and laymen composing
the guests of honor assembled in the dio
cesan house .and marched to the arch
episcopal residence, where the prelates
joined them.
When Archbishop Farley, after the
march from the arch-episcopal residence,
reached the main entrance of the cathe
dral, he was met by the Rev. Father La
velle, rector of the cathedral. He was
also. blessed with holy water and Incense.
The procession then proceeded down the
middle aisle and when the main altar was
reached the ceremony of reception was
sung and the Archbishop took his seat
on the throne.
Archbishop Farley Receives Token
From Mgr. Falconio.
INVESTED WITH PALLIUM.
FRESHMAN CLASS
NUMBER SMALLER
WHITE SBORO, Tex., Aug. 12.— An at
tack to-day upon Mrs. Hart caused the
arrest of, eight negroes, seven of whom
were released. The other was held for
identification. To-night a mob took him
from jail and hanged him to the limb of
a tree. He had not yet bocome uncon
scious when officers arrived from Sher
man, "cut him down and hurried him to
Sherman. The mob then began terrifying
tthe colored residents of the town. They
were ordered out of town and outgoing
trains on all road3 were filled with ne
groes. "
CUT DOWN HANGING NEGRO.
Th« Coroner's jury rendered a verdict
of suicide. Williams leaves two brothers,
Grant Williams of Seattle and E. A. Wil
liams of Palo Alto.
Not a word of explanation for the sui
cide of her husband two days after his
marriage could his young widowed bride
make to-day at the inquest in the case
of Hal M. Williams, . steward of the
steamship Algoa, whose body, weighted
with thirty pounds of railroad iron, was
taken from the bay yesterday morning.
Mrs. Wilhclmina Williams, the bereaved
wife, declared to the jury at the Morgue
this afternoon that her husband left her
on the evening of July 31, their* first day
at home after. returning from a two days'
wedding trip to San Jose.
"We were perfectly happy," said Mrs.
Williams, "and there had been no trouble
of any kind. My husband said ho would
have to go because he was required to re
port aboard the steamer. That was the
last I heard from him. He appeared in the
best of spirits." . ¦
Captain Albert Lockett, master of the
Algoa, also testified, "Taut he was equally
ignorant of any cause that might have
led Williams to end his life. The ship
master said he had no confidential rela
tions with his chief steward. Their deal
ings were only those of master and stew
ard.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Aug. 12.
The bonds of matrimony don't always
yield a hish rate of Interest.
OAKLAND, Aug. 12.— The police have
no trace of a burglar who broke into
a safe at the Polytechnic Business Col
lege, Twelfth and Clay streets, yester
day afternoon and Ftole $50. The theft oc
curred between 5:30 and 7 o'clock, dur
ing the temporary absence of W. E.
Gibson, principal of the college. Gibson
says tho thief overlooked $50 and $200
worth of diamonds that were in the safe.
He also added that had the burglarious
intruder entered an hour before he would
have found $S0O more in the strong box.
No Trace of Safebreaker.
Foreign Attaches to See Maneuvers.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 12.-The President
has nvlted the naval attaches of foreign
Governments accredited to the Unjted
States to join him on board the flagship
Kearsarge on Monday to witness the-na
val maneuvers of the North Atlantic
squadron.
BAKER CITY. Or., Aug. 12.— John
Walker, a pioneer of California, Oregon
and Idaho, died in this city - to-day. He
was a noted Indian fighter and served in
all of the Indian campaigns In the,North
west from 1?56 to the last campal|4| under
General Howard against the Bannocks
and Plutes in 1877.
California Pioneer Dies in Oregon.
LONDON. Aug. 12.— Charles Jarrett, the
motorist, was married in London to-day
to the Countess of Rosslyn, the divorced
wife of the Earl of Rosslyn, the actor.
Jarrett w r as one of the British contestants
in the ,race for the James Gorden Ben
nett cup and' was injured through an ac
cident to his car.
Jarrett Marries Countess.
STOCKTON. Aug. 12.-E. M. Dewey, a
farmer living in the southern section of
the county, to-^ay swore to a complaint
charging Thomas D. Gardenhire, a farm
laborer, with having eloped with D'ewey's
12-year-old daughter. Gardenhire and the
girl left last Sunday and were caught at
Chico. The Sheriff will go after the man
to-morrow.
Elopes With Twelve- Year-Old Girl.
River Boats Raise Freight Rates.
STOCKTON. Aug. 12.— The -steamboat
companies doing business on the San Joa
quln River have agreed to raise freight
rates I2«i per cent next Monday, owing
to increased cost of operating their boats.
Island farmers, who must employ the
boats to move . their large crops, say
there will be opposition boats here to
move the crops if the boats can be found.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND. Aug. 12.-The following
marriage license were Issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Frank Qulgley.
aged 28 years, and Hattie Steele, 34. both
of Alameda: Antonio Abreu. 28. and Ma
ria de Espirlto Sancto, 17, both of Oak
land; Michael MJller, 21,' and Louise
Cochrane, 19, both" of San Francisco; Al
fred K. Thompson, 2D. Palo Alto, and
Catherine Farrow. 25, San Francisco;
-Ernest D. Porter, 23, and Jessie B. Dodge,
20. both of Alameda: Luther D. Mahone.
25 and Adelle B. Wentworth. 18. both of
Oakland: George Prytz, 23, and Thelma R.
Groom, 19, both of Crockett.
POLICE CAPTURE
YOUNG THIEVES
Quartet of Bicycle Pur
loiners Are Behind
the Bars.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Aug. 12.
Edward ¦ Ryan, Richard Hart, Frank
Burke and Eddie Burke, boys whose ages
range from 15 to 18" years, have been
arrested as members of an organized
gang of bicycle thieves, who aro respon
sible, the police declare, for the disappear
ance of a large number of wheels during
the last few weeks. On Monday alone
nine machines were reported stolen from
the business section.
Ryan and the Burke boys, the latter
brothers, were seen by policemen to take
three, wheels from a sidewalk stand at the
corner of Washington ' and Thirteenth
streetp. Their arrest was followed by the
capture of Hart, who was taken after
arriving from Alvarado. where three sto
len bicycles had been sold.
Another wheel gtolen in this city was
?old three hours later in San Jose. De
tective Qulgley has gone to the interior
cities to locate more " of the purloined
machines.
It is the belief of the detectives that the
boys have been taking the stolen bicycles
and changing parts on them in order to
destroy their identity as far aa possible
before disposing of them.
As soon as the evidence has been col
lected formal charges will be lodged
axrair.st the youthful prisoners '
UNION MINERS ARRESTED
ON A CRIMINAL CHARGE
Blowing Up of Transformer-House
Alleged to Be the Result
of Conspiracy.
IDAHO FPRINGS. Colo.. Aug. 12.— War
rants for the arrest of Fixteen men
< hsrgM with conspirary *" commit ar*on
u-rrfi i«fue<J by M«Ristrat«» Morrii- to-day
«t the request of Special Prosecutor Tal
bo\ aj>point»-d to-day at Georgetown by
Jii<ig<» Ovrrr?. The men are all members
of the local miners' union, and the war
rants ore th*» result of the blowing up of
thr- transformer houf=e of th« Sun and
M'<-.n Mining Company recently.
Kleven of the men named were present
in the courtroom at the time and were fm
me.iutc-ly placed under arrest. , Pr«Iimi
riary hearing wan set for August 13 and
the men released on $500 bonds.
Twb photographers were granted per
mission to-day to photograph Pius
X in the garden of the Vatican.
He also received the Austrian Em
bassador and the Mayor of RIese.
who afterward went to the Min
ister, of Telegraphs and asked for the In
stallation of a telegraph line to the birth
place of the Pope, i The request was im
mediately granted and th«v Installation
will be made at the Government's ex
pense.
ROME, Aug. 12.— The Pope this morning
left his apartments for the first time
since his fainting spell, gomg for a walk
in the Vatican gardens. He remained in
the open air about two hours and re
turned to the palace feeling much bet
ter. All that remains of yesterday's col
lapse is a slight feeling of lightness in the
head.
Walks' in Vatican Gardens and
Grants Audiences to Distin
guished Visitors.
POPE PIUS RECOVERS
. FROM SUDDEN ILLNESS
Steward Williams' Wife
of Two Days Tells
Her Story.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 12.— J. Ross Clark
of the Salt Lake route made official an
nouncement to-day of contracts left for
grading a roadbed over "the Gap," be
tween Daggett and Calientes, a distance
of about 300 miles. The John H. Norton
Company secured the contract for work
out of Daggett for fifty-five miles, with
the verbal understanding, the company
asserts, that it will get 100 miles more as
soon as the surveyors can prepare pro
files. Out of Calientes the Utah Construc
tion Company has been awarded the
contract for eighty-five miles. These con
tracts involve an expenditure of about
$750,000.
Contracts Let for Grading Roadbed
Over the* Gap Between Dag
gett and Calientes.
WORK WILL BE BUSHED
ON THE SALT LAKE LINE
Mrs Jane Graham (owner) with William A.
Powell (contractor and architect)— All work
except shades and fewer connections for a one
rtory and attic frame cottage on 9 line of Her
man street. 70 W of Prospect avenue, lot tK>.
C °J C 'oueen Towner) with Mallory & Swensou
(contractors), architect Frank S. Van Trees-
All work for a two-story and basement framt
rr"ldence on N line of Grove street. 107:« W
nf Fillmore. TV 30. . 8 112:6 to beslnnlas;
$6600. _ .
Builders' Contracts.
Catherine J. Loeven to John D. Harvey,
lot on S line of Bush street. 28:2 W of
Steiner. W 28:10 by S 76:6; $10.
Caroline V., Charles W. and Frederick* Mar
wedel to Hermann Eisner, lot on NT line of
Sutter street. 137:8 W of Lojruna. W 68:0 by
N 137:6: $10. . «
Walter B. Webster to William W. Funx*
Jr lot on E line of Lyon street. 87:8 yof
Grove. & 25 ty E 100; $10. .
William R. and Asnes C. FinUv to I. C.
Scharfl lot on E line of I> Lon< avenue.
348 S of Frederick street. S SO by E 85; $li\
" City- and County of San Francisco to Ev»
E. Heegard (wife of Carl V.), lot on NW
corner of Twenty-fifth and Capp streets. ?*
35 by W 115; $ .
John E. Richards Jr. to Emma J. Richards,
lot on W line of Guerrero street. 1S3 N of
Twenty-fifth. N 25 by W 125: $10.
Henry P. Umbsen to Robert U Coleman.
lot on NE line of Beale street. 137:6 XW
of Mission. NW 91:8 by NE 137:G; $10.
Herrmann J. Meyer to Claus Spreckels. lr>t
on SE line of Market street. 550 SW of Sixth.
SW 60 by SE 165. quitclaim deed: $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Pa
cific Imorovement Company, lot on E line of
Kentucky street. 5.1«:3>4 S of Sierra. SE 63,
SW 1"2V» NW to Kentucky. N l:2Vi: $ •
Same to eame, lot on W line of Illlnot*
street. 180 S of N'apa. S 25 by*W 10p:ataa
lot on W line of Illinois street, 300 3 of Napa.
S *» by W 100- also lot on W Mn« of Illinois
street 207 64 N of Sierra. NW to Kentucky,
at point » inches N of Sierra. SE to Illinois
at point 2CS.34 N of Sierra, S .70 to besla
nt Same ~to~ same, lot nn E lin? of Kentucky
street. 55 N of Napa. N 100 by E 100; $— — .
Elvira Borkheim (wife of W. Ix> to Charles
W Reed, lots « and 7. block 25, Sunnyvale
Homestead Association; $10.
C W Reed to Levlngston Jenks. same: $10.
Frederick and Agmes Qualman to Frank and
Edith S. Funk, lot on W line of" Dmi^aM
street. 151:6 N of Elizabeth. N 25 by W 100,
l0 Cn?isttan I z1nns to^'llce II. Walter, undivided
half of lot on SW line of Roanoke street. !W> SE
of Bemls. SE 50 by SW 113. lot IT.^ block 4.
Falrmount. and also known as lots 49 arid s<\
block 4. Mission and Thirtieth-streets Home-
St Sa'mue n i l0 a n nd Amy Center to James B. Coryell.
lot on NE line of Tenth avenue South, extended
NW with center of Islals Creek. SE to V street.
W to Tenth avenue at point 150 NW of U
street PW 100. NW 75. SW to center of Islais
Creek. N and E to beginning; $10.
Same to same, lot at intersection of SW lln*
of Seventh avenue and NW line, of T street
South S 100. NW 75. SW 100. NW to ls!a!«
Creek E to Seventh avenue. SE to beginning,
block 133. O'N. and H. Tract: $1(X
Elizabeth H. Je«wup to same, lots 21M to
"lfifl ' 2170. 2171. 2172 to 217«. C.tft Map 4: $10.
Same to same, lots 2532. 2333. 2548 to 2550,
M c'b. Jessup to same, lots 2274 to 3283, 2287
to 23C6, same: $10.
Edwin L. and Luell* M. Forster to same.
lots 1913.- W20. 1921 and 1922. same; 110.
W W and Katherlne Wilson to same. lot fit
S corner of Sixth avenue and T street South,
6E 50 by SW 2C*>: $!?».
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
The bride's gown was of crepe de chine,
trimmed with old point lace "that has
been In the family for generations. The
only guests were Mr. and Mrs. William
Heyburn of Louisville, Ky., brother of
the Senator, and his sister, Mrs. H. C.
Marshall of Duluth. Minn., and Miss
Florence Yeatmen, sister of the bride.
WEST CHESTER, Pa., Aug. 12.— In
strict accordance with the usages of the
Society of Friends, United States Senator
W. B. Heyburn of Idaho and Miss Gliera
tlen Yeatman of "this county were mar
ried at noon to-day In the parlor of the
Yeatman homestead in Kennett Town
ship. After a wedding dinner the newly
married couple were driven to Rosedale
Station, where they boarded their special
Pullman car and started on their wed
ding trip, which will end next week at
Wallace, Idaho.
W. B. Heyburn of Idaho Weds a
Pennsylvania Girl at Old
Homestead. . " v
SENATOR IS MARRIED
WITH QUAKER CEREMONY
BERKELEY. Aug. 12.— Thieves entered
the Abracadabra Club while It was closed
during the summer months and ransacked
it. Herbert Baugh. a student at the Uni
versity of California, discovered that JH
he bad fiidden in a secret place had been
taken by the thieves. The other mem
bers of the club lost little valuables that
were In their rooms. , ,
Abracadabra Club Hen Lose.
SAN JOSE. Aug. 12.— The Native Sons of
this city -are making big preparations for
the Admission Day celebration. Commit
tees have been appointed and the pro
gramme outlined. Nearly all the parlors
in San Francisco, Oakland and Alameda
will participate. On the evening of Sep
tember 8 there will be a concert in St.
James* Park and a reception of the
various parlors by the Native Sons of this
city. A number of excursion trains will
arrive and there will be a parade of the
incoming parlors. On the morning of the
9th there will be a grand parade, followed
by literary exercises, band concert and
dancing in St. James' Park. About mid
night the excursion trains will leave for
the bay cities.
AH the members of the Pioneer Society
of Santa Clara County will take part in
the parade.
San Francisco parlors are now secur
ing headquarters. Pacific Parlor will en
tertain at the St. James Hotel, California
Parlor at Halo's Hall, Rincon Parlor at
Y. M. I. Hall, Mission Parlor at Eagles'
Hall and Stanford Parlor at the Vendome.
The local parlors will entertain at Native
Sons' Hall and Turn Verein Hall.
Company I, National Guard, of Liver
more will lead the, parade, followed by
Company B of this city. W. J. Foley of
Rincon Parlor will be grand marshal and
O. D. Stern of San Jose Parlor chief aid.
Parlors cf the Bay Cities Will Visit
San Jose on Admission
Day.
NATIVE SONS PREPARE
FOR A BIG CELEBRATION
The party hurriedly rowed ashore and
reported what they had i-een. Several
other glass-bottomed boats put out to
the place, equipped with grappling hooks,
with which* the body was brought to the
surface and towed ashore. The remains
were identified as those of Vincene Mori
cich. aged 19, son of a boatman here. He
had been missing since Tuesday, when he
left in a small boat, wnich was later
found on the beach. He was subject to
epileptic fits, and it is supposed he fell
overboard during one of these attacks and
was drowned.
AVALON, Santa Catallna Island, Aug.
12.— A party of Utah tourists, while out
in a glass bottom boat to-day viewing
the beauties of the bed of the ocean, a fa
vorite diversion here which almost all vis
itors to the island enjoy, made an unex
pected and startling discovery. They
were floating over the marine gardens,
when on the bottom in twenty-five feet
of water they saw the body of a man. The
magnifying effect ol the water made the
body appear to be that of a giant, and
some of the ladles in the party fainted/ ¦
Mystery Surrounding the Disappear
ance of Vincene Moricich of
Avalon Is Solved.
PLEASURE, SEEKERS FIND
BODY OF DROWNED BOY
WIDOWED BRIDE
CANNOT EXPLAIN
Suit for divorce was begun to-day by
Julia Edwards against Henry J. Edwards,
a carpenter living at 1266 Eighth street.'
She alleges cruelty as the ground for her
complaint.
Last October Mrs. Richards decided
that she could no longer put up with
the abuse she alleges she received from
Richards, and began action for divorce,
which she was afterward persuaded to
withdraw. One day. however, the cat
chewed up some umbrella plants belong
ing to the defendant and it is alleged
that ina fury he vented his anger upon
bis wife. At other times it is stated that
he cursed and swore at her.
Mae E. Gischel to-day instituted di
vorce proceedings against Charles G.
Gischel on the ground of failing to pro
vide her with the- necessaries of life.
They were married in 1S93 and have one
*hild. '
Harry Richards, singer, actor and pa
per hanger, is being sued by Florence
Fawcett Richards for a divorce on the
ground that he has an ungovernable tem
per, which has led him at times to lock
his wife out of doors and commit other
acts which it is alleged justify the grant
ing of a decree for cruelty. Richards at
one time sang at the Tivoll. He went
to the Atlantic States with the *nVay
Dcwn East" company, but is now dec
otctiug rooms and hanging wallpaper.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Aug. 12.
In a statement .issued to-night the doc
tors say that their patients are out of
danger, although many still are quite ill.
An investigation developed the fact that
the beef, which had been purchased In
Washington and kept in cold storage on
the farm for several days, was the cause
of the trouble.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 12.— A remarka
ble case of ptomaine poisoning is report
ed to-nleht from Ashburn. Va., twenty
miles outside of Washington. A large
number of persons had gathered to at
tend the sale of the dairy farm owned
by Senator Stewart of. Nevada. The Sen
ator served to the prospective buyers a
light luncheon consisting of coffee, ham
and beef sandwiches. Shortly afterward
at least fifty persons were taken violent
ly ill, suffering from ptomaine poisoning.
One after another they fell to the ground,
writhing in agony. Messengers were dis
patched in all directions for doctors and
a number responded and took prompt
measures to relieve the sufferers.
Dairy Farm.
Stewart. .Serves .Cold Storage Beef
• to , Prospective Buyers of
SENATOR'S GUESTS XLL
OF PTOMAINE POISONING
Erstwhile Thespian Is
Called to Bar for
Alleged Cruelty. '/
PRESCOTT, Aris., Aug. 12.— This was
the first day of the competitive firing in
the tri-department cavalry and pistol
competition, the two preceding days be
ing devoted to preliminary practice.
There were two ranges to-day, slow fire,
two scores of Jive shots each at 200 and
300 yards at a stationary target with an
eight-inch bullseye and 500 and 600 yards
with a twenty-inch bullseye target, time
limit of five minutes for each score. The
second was for rapid fire, two scores of
five shots each at 200. 300 and 500 yards at
a disappearing target. Possible score, 351.
The twelve highest scores are:
First Lieutenant Casper W. Cole. Xlnth Cav
alry, 277; Private John Carlson. Fifth Cavalry.
•.'»2>; First Lieutenant Aubrey Lippincott. Four r
teenth Cavalry. 2t)5; Corporal Henry Bender,
distinguished marksman. Fourteenth Cavalry.
2»SJ- Corporal George F. Watson. Fourteenth
Cavalry, 220; Corporal Jesse Baker. Tenth
Cavalry. 252: Sergeant Spencer H. Thomas,
Ninth Caralry. 24$; Corporal Paul Bushkovski.
Fourteenth Cavalry. 245; Sergeant Charles J.
Downey. Fourteenth Cavalry. 244; Captain. H.
P. Howard. Fourteenth Cavalry, 243: Black
smith A. G. Flanagan. Fourteenth Cavalry. 243;
Sergeant George Warren. Ninth Cavalry', 241.
Tri-Department Cavalry and Pistol
CompetiticAi at Prescott.
SOLDIERS AT THE RANGE.
The other letters were even stronger.
and when Mr. Logan started an investi
gation as to Gruber s actions in Oakland
he found that the bird had flown, leav
ing numerous bills. Now the creditors of
Mr. Gruber believe tnat he was detected
before he had time to complete hi*
scheme of buying property upon a small
deposit and then selling or mortgaging
it. As it is there are several merchants
who have suffered at the hands of tha
man with the "heavy building" card.
Then D. Gruber moved into the 'house.
He bought a handsome and extensive
outfit of furniture from C. W. Kinsey.
payment to be made when his money ar
rived from the East. Other supplies were
secured, but the payment was always to
be made when the money came.
Meanwhile Mr. Logan became a little
suspicious, so he wrote to the references
given on the card. This Is the reply from
the First National Bank: .
Dear Sir: In reply to your Inquiry about D.
Gruber. will say that I consider his referring
you to this bank as the last act in the little
farce we have been playing for about two
years, and which began when he gave us hi *
promissory note for about $'¦'•». He has woven
around this note such a web of romance and
fiction that If the impossible should ever hap
pen and he should pay it. we should be al
most sorry to let It go. Such colossal nerve as
his In referring- to this bank reaches Into th«
realms of the ludicrous, and I hope you wtU
therefore pardon such a letter. Yours truly.
J. F. HUTCHISON. Assistant Cashier.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
HIS Broadway, Aug. 12.
There are many people who would like
to know the whereabouts of D. Gruber,
late of San Francisco, but later of Rock
well City, Iowa, but latest of Fruitvale.
Most of those who are looking for Gru
ber would like to collect bills. ' •
Gruber arrived in Oakland some weeks
ago and began looking for a house. Ha
flashed a big business card, which read;
D. GRUBER.
General Contractor and Superintendent Heavy
Buildings a Specialty.
References — Security Bank. First Xailonal
Bank and Rockwell City Canning Company.
Rockwell City. Iowa. J. B. L. Wood and E4
Croak. Waterloo. Iowa.
When Gruber told people how much he
liked Oakland; that he wanted to live In
this city, buy property and open a busi
ness here, he flattered the business men
of the city. The card looked as If he were
a man of considerable business standing;
his references' sounded good, and the line.
"Heavy Buildings a Specialty." suggest
ed more than a man with a carpenter's
pencil and saw.
The first one who did any business with
D. Gruber was Walter E. Logan, a real
estate man. Gruber wanted to buy prop
erty, but Mr. Logan was adroit and de
manded money. So Gruber selected n
house in Fruitvale and paid a month's
rent, with the understanding" that thia
was to apply upon the purchase price ai
soon as his money arrived from the East.
The Southern Pacific Company has de
cided that it will proceed with the devel
opment of its freight yards in South Ber
keley and to-day the deeds to the proper
ty were placed on file by the corporation.
This act, together with the completion of
the crossing of the Oakland Transit Com
pany's tracks at the disputed point means
that the two corporations came to an
agreement while the people were holding
meetings and denouncing railroads.
The Southern Pacific Company has held
the deeds to the property in Question for
some time. It was purchased when the
agitation for the removal of the freight
yards from the center of Berkeley to
some more remote point was started.
Then began the trouble over the granting
of a franchise for the, Southern Pacific
to cross the street and enter the new
yards. The people in the neighborhood
protested against the location of the
yards at , that point, and the franchise
has been hung up in the Board of Trus
tees for several weeks. - - :
Meanwhile the Southern Pacific Com
pany could not get its tracks built Into
the new yards, and the Oakland Transit
Company could not connect Its track be
tween East Berkeley and'. Emeryville.
The matter was settled last Sunday
when, the corporations got together and
placed the tracks and crossings upon the
line of an old track that the Southern Pa
cific Company owned. The filing of the
deeds to-day settled the -. fact that the
Southern Pacific Company ta'-to havo its
yards at that point. whether It gets the
franchises asked for or ru>t.' : * There were
thirteen lots transferred, a nominal con
sideration being named in each case.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
HIS Broadway, Aug. 12.
SINGER IS SUED
FOR SEPARATION
" The proposed canal will be thirty miles
in length. Its main purpose is to carry
the waters of the Truckee River to a res
ervoir to be constructed in the valley of
Carson River. Incidentally, however,
about 8000 acres of land under the canal
will be irrigated by it Ultimately the
project is expected to reclaim about 300.
000 acres of arid lands In Western Ne
vada and Eastern California, including
the old Forty-mile Desert.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 12.— The Secre
tary of the Interior has approved the
award of the contract for the construc
tion of an irrigating canal to connect the
Truckee and Carson rivers in Nevada to
Charles A. Warren & Co. of San Fran
cisco and ttae/E. B. & A.« L». Stone Com
pany of Oakland, Cal., at an aggregate
cost of $942,437. This is the first definite
action taken by ihe department looking
to actual construction under the recla
mation act.
The Mof=t Rev. Georpe Montgomery, I>.
£>.. lectured before a largo audience in St.
Paul's Hall last evening for the benefit of
the new church of that parish. His sub
ject was entitled "The Natural and the
Supernatural." The distinguished church
man spoke forcibly and well. His dis
course lasted nearly two hours. In the
course of his lecture the Archbishop paid
his respects to the "rationalists." He was
scathing in his criticifm and he alluded to
the late Colonel lngersoll as being a very
shallow man. V
He appealed to Catholics to be faithful.
He said they ought to be proud of their
religion and should feel their responsi
biJity. In j>art he spoke as follows:
The rationalist has never treated the Chris
nan with any treat consideration. That has
never entered into his thought. He began fifty
ysrs ago with a set purpose of dethroning
faith and one of his chiet instruments in doing
so was ridicule. The rationalist never spared
& Clirfftitn'* feelings. I care not whether he
»¦« Catholic or non-CathoJic. Much of the dif
ficulty that the rationalist has raistrd is the
mlada of Christian people has been by the au
dacity in which he has served his sophistries.
- 1 don't care to ccmi»are him with a highway
man, because I mu*i treat him with respect,
r&iih'-ftnd reason have a relation which he ha*
never - realized. That is his weak point. We
«-;..' r. with respect or human reason, because
laHh Is founded upon it.. The rationalist
would have you believe that he alone goes by
the law of reason and that the Christian acts
according to his laith. Christian authorities
confess to-day that they are handicapped by
the rationalist. He contend* that he alone
n*eaks fcr reason. He admits a. reason for all
he does and believes, whereas the faithful walk
without a reason. r
WHAT REVELATION IS.
Revelation is to reveal something. God has
¦¦ .. .- known things. Man says he has found
tnem out. It wes God who made him. His
windows are his five senses, and through these
five senses he see* the universe, the skies, the
mountains. T!;ey make themselves known to
Ms mind, his soul. Therefore God reaches him
tnrough these natural mejins. This U natural
revelation. Supernatural revelation is making
.known in a supernatural manner. What are
the evidences in :;•>.- things? If we were to
:-.-k the agnostic to-day why he is an agnostic
— wfcjr he does not accept the truths of the
• "hnstian faiths, he would eay to you that they
are supernatural myttertes. cr that the truths
of the Christian faith are such that they can
not satisfy the natural mind.
I only wish there were more j-oung people
}i*>re this evening, as what I have to say is alto
for them. There is temptation besetting the
path of the young. \Vhat the priest and the
parent should do is to make their children love
and Klory in the grand church of God. They
are lh:ng in an age the literature of which is
such thEt :{ rr.ay raise doubt in their minds on
• i'jt-stior.s of reason and faith.
The rationalist is one of the most Irrational
men. The Catholic must understand that; he
must feel it : he must know it. I want to prove
to you this evening that faith le
knowledge. In common parlance, we
t»y *•! believe." I believe a man
:* honest, you may believe it. but he may not
r>p honr-st. Thp words •"belief" and faith have
been taken advantage of. It there Is any
thing that a man can know on this earth it
i* the truth of Christian faith. In order to
fhow that faith is reasonable we must not
*>xa!t reason above faith. The rationalist
doesn't do that. We must speak honestly and
onn-eetly about the relation of these things.
The very first act of reason is the act of
fa!th.
CHURCH FOR REASON.
The Catholic church has stood up for reason
wneri the rationalist would wish -to down it.
Th**tathollc church In the Vatican did more
for hurr^n reason, more for the dignity of the
human mind than all the rationalists from Lu
fifer to Hf-rtwrt Srwneer. And at a time when
Speuoer. Huxley. Tyndall and other men were
doing their utmost to sway men against it.
she Vatican Council held that an article of
fa'.th :s that man is free. The rationalist says
man i» not free. The Vatican Council eays a
man is free.
Life is a myrtety. The rationalist says. "I
want a reason." The man who rejects mys
tery rejects the powers of knowledge, because
ail fundamental things, the stars in the firm
nmt-nt. the sun. the raocn. the earth and their
relation to each other, are mysteries. Scient
ists are able to explain the construction of a
rose. Xfcey have s;>ent yean in analyzing each
r*tal and can tell you hew it grows and give
you a. scientific dissertation on the flower, but
can tn*>y make one grow? -»
Archbishop Montgomery devoted himself
to prophecies and miracle? and impressed
the truth of them on the minds of his
auditors by illustration and ju recital of
f-ome of them.
GAVE THEM CLTJBS.
"AM these prophecies ftand." he assert
ed. "Th* hand of God has written them
and th«» hand of man can not blot them
out." He continued:
What ¦ pity It I* that the Christian ad
ministrations outRid" of the church have put
dubs in the hands of th*> rationalists to break
our heads. What is that Huto? Private Inter
pretation of God's word. The moment we gt*e
thftn thst j-rivil«-g*> we have no reason to find
fault with them, if they say It i* all fable.
Here t* th» position the Catholic priest takes
«nd always will teke. H» claim* he has th*
authority — the divine right — to teach the Bible
to men: that the Bible — the Old and New Te»
taar-nt — Is the word of God. and he Is ordained
to teach the Blblf in his name.
If there ever was a shallow man in the
world It was the late Colon*: 1 Robert Inger
scll; His power Jay in the power of his laugh
ter and to make other people laugh over the
most sacr'-d things. He could make you laujrh
¦ t your drad grandmother. He would pick up
the w-hol»> Testament and make you laugh at
It. There are some queer things In Holy
F<-riptur*. but nobody but the Catholic church
bus a right to say whether they are true or
troti Thia may sound har*h. but Christian de
nomination* will come to it some day. The
Catholic will not ro to the rationalist for his
interpretation of the word of God.
Tru» pelence the world love*. True scl»nc»
the church is very proud of. Science can only
progress the lnirtant that man Is free. And
r\«re we have the little rationalist tilling us
that man U not a fr*e man at all. Th» Vat
ican Council ha» laid down the article of faith
"that "man 1* free."
LATTER-DAY MIRACLE.
The Archbishop ppoke of the death of
p^p*> L<eo XIII and pointed out the fact
t!iat the whole world paid tributes to the
dead Pontiff. He said:
C«thol!r people, have you ever had a thought
wf growing weak In the supernatural? You
. -jeht to grow strong In it. for during the last
thPeo or four we*k» we have really been liv
inc in the presence of a Visible .miracle. We
have s*»n the civilized world bearing te»;i
monv Of the supernatural. In what way? In
th«- death of Pope l*° * nd *?>« election
"f his «urr«^sor. Plu* X. we have seen the
whole clvlli*e4 world— Christian, agmstlr.
catholic and non-Catholic alike— with scarcely
<n* dissent, parsing eulogies on the pa/>t and
praising the n«=w Pontiff. Pope Leo XIII was
i h" representative of the eupernatural. He
»4ts one who «poke with authority on these
things The Catholic world recognizes that
the vole* of OrA ?poke through him. and
l.enre Catholic people, J mj, rhouid grow in
gratitude. In their love toward Ood. that they
have lived to *ee It. The Catholic church is
the divine teacher of men. W* «ee the world
shewn a good fwll.ig toward us. and when we
i*. Fuch good fueling H ought to make uft
grateful to <;..d. Catholic people ought to he
proud of the fart that they are Catholics.
They ought to feel their responsibility.
GRASS VALLEY, Aug. 12.— This city
has been visited by two disastrous fires
within the past fifteen hours. Noell's
grocery and dwelling-house .' adjoining
were destroyed this morning and a dwell,
ing owned by Thomas Quinn'of San
Francisco was burned Tuesday. This
morning's fire started in a house occu
pied by William Trebilcox and family.
Mrs. Trebilcox was taken from the burn
ing building through a window. Her hus
band then re-entered the house to res
cue their baby. He was overcome by
smoke, but both he and the child were
rescued by firemen.
It is more than likely that 200 head of
cattle belonging to Mr. Thompson, a cat
tleman who makes his headquarters sev
eral miles below Grass Valley, have per
ished in the fire." : , The animals are known
to have been in the path of the flames
and it 'is hardly probable that they suc
ceeded in making their way to a place of
safety. The fire is now raging in the
mountain forests and it will doubtless
take several days to get it under control.
Fire fighters are battling hard in an effort
to subdue it. ...
NEVADA, Aug. 12.— A wide stretch of
country In the vicinity of Omega is being
swept by a fierce lire and already an im
mense amount of damage has been done.
The fire burned briskly Sunday, but was
finally checked, and it was then thought
that all danger had passed, but the blaze
broke out afresh yesterday and last night
it was more furious than ' ever. Several
hundred acres have been burned over.
The flames were traveling east toward
Diamond Creek last night, laying waste
everything in their path. The property of
the Red Cross Mining Company is.. in im
minent danger. It is reported that several
of the older buildings on the property
have been wiped out. The sawmill at Red
Cross has also been partly burned, a por
tion of the flume has met a similar fate
and the remainder is In danger of de
struction. !
BENICIA, Aug. 12.— The competitive
shooting between United States troops on
the Benicia range was not Completed to
day, as was expected, and it will take
at least one more day's shooting to, de
cide which four of the marksmen are
best qualified to compete for honors in the
contest to be held at Fort Sheridan. 111.,
on the 20th Inst. The scores made by the
elxteen best shots up to and including
to-day's shoot are as follows:
Sergeant Willlf, Seventh Infantry. C16; Ccr
poral Hudson. Fifteenth Infantry. «JU9: Sergeant
Saver, Fifteenth Infantry. M» fi : Lieutenant
WhaJon, Seventh Infantry. 5iK>; Sergeant
Thompson. Seventh Infantry, 5«tO; Sergeant
Tlmmons Thirteenth Infantry, S.S0; Sergeant
fc'chafler. Seventh Infantry, 580; Sergeant De
rob. Seventh Infantry. 573; Captain Ovenshine,
Seventh Infantry, r>71 ; Corporal Van Scolke,
Seventh Infantry, 55<j; lieutenant Clapman,-
Fifteenth Infantry. M3; Private Marks. .Thir
teenth Infantry. 550; Corporal Ingleheart. Sev
enth Infantry. 540; Serjeant Major Barrett.
Seventh Infantry. 535; Sergeant Pack, Seventh
Infantry. 53-4; Private Crosley, Thirteenth In
fantry. 531. •
General MacArthur left here this morn
ing on the tug SLocum for San Francisco
and expressed himself as being well
pleased with the conditions of things on
the range and with the marksmanship
displayed bv the soldiers In range shoot
ing.
Special Dispatch to The Call
' HOUSE ¦- LEADERS' ATTITUDE.
A provision looking to temporarily in
creasing the circulation has been formu
lated and was laid before the President
to-night.
The most hopeful sign that something
may be accomplished is the growing feel
ing among Senators that^hey will be able
to agree with the leaders of the House.
To get harmony it Is necessary to adopt
a policy of "give and take," and this pol
icy is being pursued.
It is reported that Representative Can
non of Illinois, who Is to be Speaker of
the next House, has shown. a disposition
to meet the Senators half-way. What
Cannon has been urging is that the bill
shall not be loaded down with too much.
He will give his support to a reasonable
measure which supplies an emergency cir
culation to provide funds in time of strin
gency for the movement of crops. He also
is supposed to be willing to favor a bill
which will permit customs receipts to be
deposited In national banks.
While the Senators would not discuss
the details of the bill, they made It clear
that they brought with them, in concrete
form, a statement of the various proposi
tions, to which they have agreed. No
draft of the bill was brougnt.
It can be. asserted that the Aldrich bill
of last j session has been abandoned, al
though some of the features which it con
tained may be found. In the new bill. The
proposition to secure Government deposits
on railroad, municipal. and country bonds,
instead of Government bonds, so that the
Government bonds could be released- to
be put up for additional circulation, has
met much opposition In the West. This
feature, If is said, has been dropped.
It is probable that the first thing In the
bill will be a provision for the deposit of
customs receipts In banks. The problem
of an emegency circulation, based on the
assets of a bank, to be retired when the
emergency passes, has been discussed In
a half-dozen different forms.
Mr. Roosevelt had caused It to be known
that while it was desirable that- the till
to-be passed should have the practically
united support of* the Republicans of the
Senate and House, if. was also important
that the measure' should- be on broad lines
and not open to the. charge that it was
planned to make it easy for the banks to
get money out of the treasury in order
to lend it when stock speculators "got
into- a hole.V
VIEWS OF THE ¦> PRESIDENT.
The arrangement for the visit of the
Senators was made by Senator Spooner,
who was in New York on Monday and
who arrived at Senator Aldrlch's home,
Warwick, R. I., yesterday. There Sena
tor • Spooner found' Senators : Aldrich,
Platt and Allison, who had, assembled to
put into the; form of a Bill .the Joint re
sult-of their, individual cogitations, which
have been taking form 'ever- since •» the
Senate adjourned. -..."' ¦ ...
When "the Senators got together it was
found that President Roosevelt, had some
very clearly denied ideas about the leg
islation that is in contemplation.
OYSTER BAY. N. Y., Aug. 12,-Cur
rency legislation was the subject of a long:
conference held on short notice at Sag
amoro Hill to-night. It was participated
in by President . Roosevelt, Senator Nel
son W. Aldrich of Rhode Island?. Senator.
William B. Allison of Iowa. Senator O.
H.--Platt of Connecticut and Senator John
C. Spooney of Wisconsin.
It was by far the most important con
ference held at President Roosevelt's
country home this summer, because It
was held for the purpose of determining
in a general way the character of the bill
which shall be introduced at the extra
session of Congress. , .
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Rationalists Receive Scath
ing Rebuke in His
Lecture.
South Berkeley\ Location to
Be Kept by the Cor-
Decide to Abandon the Al
drich Measure of Last
References That Did Not
Live Up to Some Ex
pectations.
Property of the Red Cross
Mining Company Is
Now in Danger.
General MacArthur Is Pleased
With the Marksmanship
Displayed.
First Project to Be Launched
Under the Reclama
tion Act.
Southern Pacific Com
pany Files Deeds for
• New Property.
Archbishop Montgom
ery Criticises the
Agnostic.
Deludes Oakland
Merchants.
Contractor From Iowa
Flames Sweep Country
in Neighborhood"
of Omega-
. ?- — .
Californians Will Dig
Truckee-Carson
Senators in Important
Conference With
Benicia Soldiers Show
Their Skill With
the Rifle.
SAYS INGERSOLL
WAS SHALLOW
CLOSE SCORES
IN THE CONTEST
RUNS UP BILLS,
THEN DEPARTS
PREPARING NEW
CURRENCY BILL
CONTRACT IS LET
FOR GREAT CANAL
CATTLE PERISH
IN FOREST FIRE
FREIGHT YARDS
WILL REMAIN
THE SAN FKANC1SCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST; 13, 1903.
¦'OAKLAND, Aug. 12.— After pledging
Chief of Ppllce Hodgkins that she would
stop cigarette smoking and curb her ¦ de
sire s to' go i on the' stage , Miss . Gertrude
Coffin pretty and only 18 years of age,
was released to-day from the City Prison.
A few days of Imprisonment , had the ef
fect desired by the cirl's" mother, Mrs.
Annie Coffin, who had caused her arrest.
Pretty Girl Is Freed.
SAIL.ED.
Wednesday. August IX.
Stmr Del Norte. Oreen. Crescent City.
Stmr Eurka Jessen. Eureka.
Schr Newark. Reln«rtsen. Stewart3 Point.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FORT EnAG<;— Sailed Aug 12— Stmr Brook
lyn for fan Frandwo.
PORT TOWNSEND- Sailed Aug 12— Bkta
Hawaii, from Chernatnu*. for South Africa.
Tassed in Aus 13— S«hr Eric, from San
Salted Aug 12— Schr O»as B
Falk. for San Francisco.
Arrived Auk 12— Stmr Coronado. hence Au
* USt ?¦' OCEAN STEAMERS.
CROOKHAVEN. Aug 12 (wireless report) —
Stmr C^rpathia. from New Tor*, for Queens
town 4'J miles W of Fastnet at ll:*O p in.
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived Aug 13 — 8tmr
New York, from New York: passed Hurst Cas
tle at 12:23 am.
LIVERPOOlr-Sailed Aug 13— Stmr Fries
land, for Philadelphia, via Queeastown; stmr
> Oceanic for New York, vU Quetnatowa,
Late Shipping Intelligence.
i The registration of graduate and under
graduate students will begin at 0 o'clock
to-morrow morning at the University of
California. This will be the first formal
ity connected with the ushering In of the
college year 1903-190-1. Registration will go
on all day until 5 o'clock and In the
meantime Instruction will begin In all
classes at 1 o'clock. In the event of a stu
dent not registering to-morrow he wiil be
forced to pay $2 for his tardiness, this be
ing the first time the university has put a
nne on dllatorlness.
The freshman class will not contain as
many' members this year as last. There
were 635 regular members of that class
last year. 296 special and 108 limited stu
dents. Up to 5 o'clock this evening only
&48 had registered for the freshman class,
so the indications aro there will be a con
siderable falling off. A large percentage
of these 543 applicants will probably not
be accepted by the university, in which
event the numbers will be still smaller.,
The freshman/ class will b« organized
next Monday In the Harmon gymnasium,
when admission cards will be issued to
the entrants. The first university meet
ing will be held at 11 o'clock, with Presi
dent "Wheeler acting as presiding officer.
The meeting will -be In the nature of a
.welcome to the incoming freshmen.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2118 Center Street, Aug. 12.
COLORADO SPRINGS. Colo.. Aug. 12.— W.
K. Ryan, son of Thomas Ryan, vice president
of. the Morton Trust % Company of New York,
to-day purchased control of the Portland Gold
Mining Company, owning and operating the
Portland . mine • at Cripple Creek, for the
Whitney-Ryan syndicate and the Guggenheim
Kxploratlon Company. The price paid for
the ¦ 1,000.000 shares involved ,U said to have
w— tA.to.nnn . ;•¦ :>¦-•,-: ¦^•¦¦¦-//fT.'-.-'LSEHffiEKWiWfta
,LO8 ANGEL.ES.. Aug. 12— W. A. Lomasney,
an old soldier from the Santa Monica Soldiers*
Home was struck by a Pasadena electric car
on North Mftln street this morning and died
at the Receiving Hospital. He was absent
from the. home without leave.
' MEIjBOUBNE. Aug. 12.— A conference of,
Australian; chambers of : manufacturers, -held
here to-day, has sent a cable message to Colo
nial Secretary Chamberlain assuring him. of
their, friendly response to any feasible scheme
of preferential trade within the British em
pire.-;- ~ i'i -'-'¦¦":.* ¦ ' '¦" '¦:¦"¦¦-'
CHICAGO. Aug. 12.— The Coroner's Jury at
the Inquest to-day over the body of Marie
Gordon, of Montgomery. Ala., who died last
night in the Auditorium Hotel, returned a
verdict finding that the woman committed sui
cide. ¦ ' ' : * "' '" • ¦ ¦•-¦ ¦ ' , ¦
¦•WASHINGTON. Aug. 12— Five hundred
thousand dollar*' worth of Australian gold will
arrive at San Franrisco on the 17th Inst.. pay
ment for which wlllbc made In New York by
telegraph. . ....-
- ABIM5NE. Texas. Auk. 12.— Ex-Governor
IjUbbock. ng'Pd S7. . and MIfs I,ou Bcott. a^ed
40 were married here to-day. The newly, mar
ried couple left for Austin this evening, where
they will reside.
9The steamer Nevadan. which sailed on Tues
day for Honolulu. and Kahulul. carried a gen
eral mcrclianOlse cargo, valued at $90,436, and
including the following:-
Flour. 1S81 bbls, 3S0 ctta barley, 3S6 ctls
wheat. C510 gals 25 cs wine, 31 cs tobacco,' 200
lbs tea. 4.% pkgs fresh vegetables. 164 pkgs
fresh fruit, 102 pkgs onions. 43O pkgs pota
toes. 322.S0O lbs rice. 8 cs honey. 1OO c»
whisky, 1955 lbs p»as. 2567 lbs paste,' 19. pkgs
raisins. IT cs trices. 889 cs canned goods, 1200
Merchandise for Hawaii.
The ftcamer Curacao sailed on Tuesday for
(Jus } mas with an assorted merchandise cargo
consigned to the port of destination, and. the
principal Mexican ports, valued at $62,(532, and
Including the following:-
Wine 4S35 gals tl c», C2.039 lbs rice, 6 bbls
flour, 11 ctls barley. 205 pkgs fresh fruit, 212
pkgs potato**. 10 pkgs fresh vegetables, 28 pkgs
onion*. 1201 pkes paste, 470 cs canned good*.
1:57 pkgs groceries and provisions. 2113 lbs ham
and bacon. :UK1 lbs . 1 pkg cheese. 426 - lbs 7
bxs raiflns, ,"XS»4 !bs dried fruit, 3203 lbs 8 cs
mralii. 143 cs salmon. 3» pkgs olives, 37B0 lbs
5 che*ta tea. WSb lbs nut*. 252 lbs lard, 6100
lbs Mgo. 7252 lbs epices. 137 gala 70 cs whisky,
:{4 rs mineral water, R5 pkgs prepared vege'
tablps, 1828 lbs butter. 242« lbs bread. 19 pkgs
drugs and medicines, 17 cs boots and shoes, 35
pkgs dry goods, 82 pkgs el#»ctrtcal supplies, 86
pkgs paper. 4 . cyls ga*. R4» pkgs paints and
oils. 257D bdls ehooks. 13 pkgs agricultural-im
plements. 50 cs axle grease, -335 colls rope, 337
pkgs tank material, 170 *sks coke. 10 sks coal.
8 cs ammunition, 16 bal*s leather. 3360 lbs
sulphur. 7493 ft lumber. 2fil bdls 252 pes plp«,
294 crts flr« brick. 4644 lbs potash. ll.ft4O.lbs
tallow. 1911 lbs rosin, 10O flask* . quicksilver.
3000 brick*. 227 pkgs machinery. 2721 lbs
Keeds. 297 bales bag*. 4OO pes 29 bdls steel. 569 I
pen 197 bdls iron. !'<• pkgs ammonia, 10 bales
oakum. 12. pkgs acid, 13 pkgs vetilcles.' 44,117
lbs cement, 10 bxs candles, .1 bdls oars, 65
boiler tubes, 315 lbs fheet zinc.
The Curacao's Cargo.
» The bark Kalulanl. the barkentlne W. H. Di
morid and the schooner W. H. Marston return
to Honolulu with general cargo.
The Swedlfh ship Thessalun <on' the -Puget
Sound) is chartered for lumber, thence to Val
paraiso for order*. Pisagua' Range,' at 32s tid
Cs Cd less direct.)
The French bark Admiral Courbet loads
wheat h»>re for Europe at 21* 3d — chartered In
England, prior to arrival. . . -
The British bark .Crocodile was chartered
pricr to arrival wheat,' barley and mer
chandise to Liverpool at 22s <5d.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
' Shipping Merchants.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Theodor at Montevideo.
The Norwegian bark Theodor. bound from
Rotterdam for this port, has put into Monte
video for repairs.
To Be a Five-Masted Schooner.
The ship Invincible will be towed from here
by the tur Tatoosh to Eagle Harbor, where
the old square-rigger will be converted Into a
flve-masttd schooner.
The time ball on the Ferry building was
dropped exactly at noon to-day, 1. <?.. at noon
of the 120th meridian, or at 8 p. m. Greenwich
time. - J. C. BURNETT, ,
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. in Charge.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U, S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. " Cal.,
August 12, 1903. .
Time Sail.
M. A. Newell yesterday offered the French
bark Colbert for reinsurance at 10 per cent.
She Is out 126 days from the Clyde for Dune
din. The rate on the Milton Park haa now
reached 70 per cent and the Helen Brewer has
been advanced to 90 per cent.
Reinsurance List.
W. 7. Stone will launch to-day the schooner
Sauealito for J. R. Hanify & Co. The vessci
Is provided with a double centerboard and will
draw very little water. She will have carry
ing capacity for 5O0.0C0 feet of lumber.
A New Schooner.
' THURSDAY, AUGUST 13.
Sun rlfcs .......... ............. 5:23 a. m.
Sun sets ... 7:0C p. m.
Moon rises 0:47 p. in.
O ITIme Time ITIme ITlme
« \ Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
.« H W L W II W L W
13 2:22 4.3 S:t4 1.51 2:5* 5.1 9:07 1.8
14 3:20 4.1 8:57 1.9 3:30 5.2 10:10 • 1.3
15 4:35 3.0 9:47 2.3 4:15 5.3 11:18 1.0
10 C.01 3.8 10:47 2.61 5:0l> 6.4 :..
L W H W L W H W
17 10:24 0.6 7:2S 3.9 11:55 2.S 6:10 8.5
18 I 1:25 0.2 S::*7 4.2 1 :<).•> 2.8 7:14 Ji.M
1U I 2:20|— 0.3! 9:32 4.5 2:10| 2.7i 8:17| 6.8
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence aa to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide oi the
day. except when there are but three tides? as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast, Survey Charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the heights, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. 1 From. I Due.
Montara Port Harford \ I Aug. 13
Chlco Coqulllf River : Aug. 13
S.Monica.... Grays Harbor Aug. 13
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Aug. i;i
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Prts. Auk. 13
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Aug. 13
San Mateo.... Tacoma ...Aug. 14
S. Barbara:.. Seattle & Olympla .... Aug. 14
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma Aug. II
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena Aug. 14
San Pedro Grays Hardor Aug. 14
Ramona San Pedro & Way Pts. Aug. 11
R. Dollar San Pedro |Aug. 15
Eureka ... Humboldt lAug. 15
k Corona Humboldt Aug. 16
Clavering.... China & Japan Aug. 15
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports Aug. 15
Edith Seattle Aug. 10
Chehalis Grays Harbor Aug. IB
DelNorte.... Crescent City ..~ Aug. 17
Amer. Maru.. China & Japan Aug. 17
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Aug. 17
North Fork. . . Humboldt Aug. 17
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports.. Aug.- 17
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Aug. IS
Argo Eel River Ports Aug. 18
Pomona Humboldt Aug. 18
Coronado Grays Harbor Aug. IS
Enterprise. . . .] HIlo Aug. 18
Coos liay Newport & Way Ports.|Aug. 18
Columbia Portland & Astoria. ..|Aup. J8
Ontralia Grays Harbor I-^UF- -^
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports. .. .Auk. no
Acapulco New York via PanamalAug. 20
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom... Aug. 22
Bonlta 8an Pedro & Way Pts. Aug. 22
J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma..... Aug. 23
• , TO SAIL. "
Steamer. Destination. Sails. | Pier.
AnvrtiKt in. .
Arctic."..... Los Angeles Ports: 9 am Pier 10
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier IV
State of Cal fan Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 19
Coos Bay... Newport & Way... » am Pier 19
Olympic Whatcom & »Falrhn 12 m Pier 2
S- Monica.. Los Angeles Ports.. 12 m Pier 2
A 11 aril *t 14.
Czarina.... Coos Bay Direct... 5 pm Pier S
Queen Pu»?et Sound Ports. Ill am Pier »
Pomona Humboldt.... 1:30 p Pier u
Argo Eel River Ports 4 pmiPIer 2
Aasrnnt 15. '
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor. 1 pm Pier
S. Barbara. Los Angeles Ports.. 9 am Pier 2
Chtco ., Coquille River 6 pm Pier 2
Arcata.:... Coos B.&Pt. Orford 2 pm Pier 13
San Jcse N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Mariposa... Tahiti direct... 11 am Pier 7
Alameda . . . Honolulu 11 am Pier ¦ 7
St. Paul Nome & St. Michael 2 pm Pier 27
AllffHNt 1G. - ¦ '.
Phoenix... Mendocino Direct.. 1 pm Pier 13
S.Rosa San'Dlepo & Way. 9 am Plerl9
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
AiiK'nst 17. . - ¦
Eureka. ..«. Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Corona . Humboldt ...... 1:30 p Pier 8
Bonlta..... San Pedro & Way.. 9 am Pier 19
I't. Arona.. Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Amrnnt 1H. ,.
Athol! China & Japan.... 2 pm Pier 27
San Pedro./ Humboldt 4 pm Pier ' 2
! Cootie. China & Japan.... ,1 pm Pier 40
'< NeBrazkan. Honolulu & Kahulul 3 pm Pier 16
Angrunt 1O.
Alliance.... Eureka & Coos Bay 5 pm Pier 16
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
... Ansrnut 20. I '
Mlnntwasks New York dlrectl.f .'. .:.|Pler '
North Fork. Humboldt '. .... 6 pm Pier •' 2
I Augnat 21. . - .
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
. I AUKtist 23.T . •
City Panam, N. Y. ¦ via ' Panama 12 m Pier 40
- AtiKiiHt 24. I . [I
Umatllla...- Puget Round Ports. |11 am|PIer 9
• ¦¦¦¦- T~ FROM SEATTLE. ./ ¦
Steamer. . For. ' - | Sails. "
City Topeka. . Skagway, & Way Ports Aug. 14
Al-Kl.. ....... Skagway & .Way Ports Aug. 15
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Ports Aug. 15
Oregon Nome ..(Aug. it
Santa Ana.... Ccokn Inlet * Way Pts. lAug. - Hi
Dolphin 6kagway &JWay PortslAug.? 17
Portland Nome & St. .Michael.. Aug. 20
Dirlgo. Skagway & Way Ports) Aug. - 2U
City Seattle... Skagway &.- Way. Ports Aug.- 21-
Nome City. ... Cooka Inlet & Way Ft*. Aug. 25 '
The schooner Ottilie Fjord, which arrived
yesterday, 25 days from Mahukona. reports
that on August 9 and 10. when about 600 miles
wtst of this port, she encountered a strong
northwesterly gate. Her decks were flooded
to the rail and tha yawl was stove In.
Ottilie Fjord in a Gale.
Movements of Steamers.
The British ship Crocodile, which arrived
late Tuesday night, 172 days from Newcastle,
England, encountered two pamperos off the
River Platte. The norms followed each other
in rapid Euccession and continued for ten
days. The Crocodile lost a number of sails In
the blow. The German ship Alsterdamm. 152
days from Antwerp, and the French bark
Duplelx. 133 days from Swansea, with 205t
tons of .coal, were among yesterday's deep-sea
arrivals.
Encounters T-wo Pamperos.
lbs coffee, 1122 lbs 1 cs candy, 11,770 lbs beans,
2S7 pkgs beer, 2ir?1bs butter, 13S.509 lbs bran,
11.304 lbs 5 cs bread, 123 ctls corn, 3788 lbs 5
pkgs cheese, 10.SSO lbs codfish. 20 pkgs drugs.
17U0 lbs dried fruit, 20 cs eggs, 3075 lbs fresh
meat. 2430 lbs fresh fish, 301 pkgs groceries and
provisions. 510 lbs hops, 1430 bales hay, 14,220
lbs lard. 136 cs mineral water, 64.049 lbs mid
dlings, 1S75 lbs •-"-• cs millstuffs, 50 ctls oats,
1)30 lbs poultry, 41 cs arms and amunltlon, 5
cyls ammonia, 1130 lbs scda, 75 pes 4 bills
steel. 3408 lbs sheet lead. 15 cotls cordage, 10
cs carbide. 20 bxs candles. 20,000 bricks, 8 cs
boots and shoes. 2020 cs coal oil, 03 pkgs dry
good». 100 drums distillate, 12 pkgs electrical
supplies. 30 pkgs furniture, 23 kegs nails, 140
tins matches, 3073 lbs lead pipe. 12 pkgs leath
er, 202 cs gasoline, 4 pkgs machinery, 45 bbls
45 cs oil, 131 pkgs paints, 220 pkgs paper, 143
pes pipe.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time, and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.'
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the citv front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height of
tide la the same at both places. - - -
Wednesday, August 12.
Stmr Pomona. Bwar.sjn, 18 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Badger, 34 hours from
Redondo.
¦ Stmr City of Panama. Trask, 22 days "from
Panama, etc. -.-
Stair Noyo, Ellefsen. 10 hours from Cleone.
Stmr Iaqua,' Bonifleld, 23 hours' from Eu
reka; bound couth; put In to land passengers.
Stmr Argo,' Dunham, 24 hours from Eel
River.
Stmr South Portland. Hornsman, B2 hours
from Grays Harbor.
Ger shlo Alstcrdamm. Cords, 152 days from
Antwerp.
Fr bark Anne de Bretagne, Bregeon, 68 days
from Newcastle, NSW.
Fr bark Dur>leix, Lemerle. 135 days from
Swansea.
Bktn City of Papeete, Ipsen, 21 days from
Behring Sea.
Sohr Advent, Olstn, 4V4 days from Columbia
River. - , * .
Schr Lizzie Vance, Jensen, 5^ days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Otlllle Fjord, Bosch, 25 days from Ma
hukona.
Schr Webfoot, Lewis, 5 days from -Coos Bay.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, August 12.
Stmr Coos Bav, Nicholson, San Pedro; Pa
cific Coast Steamship Co.
Stmr State of California. Thomas, San Diego;
Pacific Coast Steamship Co. .
Sohr R \V Bartlett, Nielsen, Astoria; Jea
H Bruce.
1 " SAILED. ' '
Wednesday, August 12.
Stmr North Fork, Nelson, Eureka.
Stmr Mandalay; Fayne, Crescent City.
Stmr Ruth. Heed.- Mendoclno.
Rtmr Phccnlx. Odland. Mendocino.
Stmr Iaqua. Honifield. San Pedro.
Stmr -James Dollar, Thwing. Seattle.
Stmr Rival, McOlements. Wlllapa Harbor.
Bktn Arago, Sem«en, Columbia River. .
Schr Mary Etta, Larson, Sluslaw River.
Schr Esther Buhne, Olsen. Eureka.
Schr Bessie K, Merrlam, San Vicente Land
ing.
Schr Ruby, Korth. Coquille River.
SPOKEN.
Aug 7. off Watlings Inland, stmr Alllanca,
from New York, for Colon. - ¦ '..
Per Ger shlo Alsterdamm — Anril 15, lat 27
3S N, Ion 21 3lt W. Ger bark Este. from Ham
burg, for Santa Rosalia,, ¦ ¦ '
July I), lat 1 03 1\\. Ion 122 17 W r . Br ship
Wm Mitchell, from Vancouver, for Port Natal.
Per Bktn ', City of Papeete — July 26, schr
Mary and Ida. in Uniroak Pass, with 100, 0UO
codfish: July IK, brig Harriet G. with 100,000
codfish; July 20, saw bktn Fremont.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Aug 12. 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind SW, .velocity 16 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived. Aug 12— Ship
Rcuce, from Vancouver, for Australia; schr
Eric, from San Pedro.
Passed in Auk 12 — Schr Albert Meyer, from
San Pedro, for Whatcom.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Aug 12— Stmr Sig
nal, from Coos Bay.
SEATTLE— Arrived Aug 11— Stmr Cottage
City, from Skagway;. stmr City of Topeka,
from Skagway. Aug 12 — Stmr Alaskan, hence
Aug 7; stmr Farallon, '.from Skagway.
Sailed Aug II — Stmr - Centennial, for San
Francisco. Aug 12 — Stmr Edith, for San Fran
cisco.
Sailed Aug 12— Stmrs City .of Puebla and
Bonlta, -for San Francisco; schr Corona, for
Callao;scbr Golden Shore, for Kahulul.
Arrived Aug 12 — Jap stmr Kaga Maru, from
Yokohama. • ,
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Aug 12— Schr E K
Wood, from Fairhaven.
¦ Sailed - Auk 12 — Stmrs Alcazar. Prentlss,
Fulton and Kedondo, for San Franclnco; bktn
John C.Meyer, for Columbia River; schr Lu
zon, for Tacoma.
SAN DIKCO— Sailed Aug -12— U S stmr
Acme, for crutso; schr Irene, for Fairhaven. .
HOQUIAM— Arrived Aug .12— Stmrs Coro
nado nnd Chas Nelson; hence Aug s.
Sailed Aug 12— Schr J M Wcatherwax, for
San Francisco; bktn Wrestler, : for Honolulu.
PORT HAKFORD-»Sailed Aug 12. noon—
Stmr Montara, for San Francisco.
Arrived .Aug 12, tt p m— Sfmr Santa Cruz,
hence Aug 11..'
TACOMA— Arrived Aug 12— Stmr San Mateo,
hence Aus 6.'
Sailed Aug 11— Ptmr Meteor, for Nome.
• Hailed 'Aug 12— Schr Corona, for Callao; schr
Golden Shore, for Kahulul.
TATOOSH— Arrived .Aug 12— Stmrs Edith
and Centennial, for San Francisco. '.
KUREKA — Arrived Aug 12 — Stmr Corona,
hence .Aug 11. ...
Sailed Aug 12— Kchr Compeer, for San Diego.
ASTORIA— Sailed Aug 12— Br; bark Glen
cairn, for Delagoa aBy. - H • ,
PORT. LOS ANGELES— Sailed Aug 12— Ital
ship Nlnfa.. for Oregon. ¦ * ¦
• CASPAR — Sailed Aug 12 — Stmr- South Coast,
for San FranclKco. .
, ALBION— Arrived .Aug 12— Stmr Cella,
hence Aug 11. ¦
POINT PvEYES— Passed Aug 12— Stmr, Pasa
dena, from Eureka, for San Pedro.
; ¦ \ * ¦¦ ISLAND PORTS. .
I HONOLULU— Arrived Aug 11— Stmr Ventu
ra, hence Aug C. - - . - .
: Sailed Auc It — U'S atnir -Sheridan, for Ma
nila: shin Marlon Chllcott, for San Francisco.
1 KAHULTJI— Sailed Aug- 11— Schr Eehome,
for Port Town.iend. — :. '•:•*- *
EASTERN PORTS. . • ;
NEW TORK— Arrived Aug ¦ 11 — Ger stmr
Nubia, .from Yokohama; stmr. Saratoga, . from
Colon.'. . - .-..., . l . .. -,>:'¦• . v
Sailed Aug 11— Br stmr Indranl.' for Manila;
etmr Segurar.ca, "for Colon. ¦ -' '
SPARHOW ; POINT— Passed. Aup 11— Ship
Gov'Robie,' from Baltimore, for San FrancUco.
»' ' ' FOREIGN PORTS.' '
¦ SUEZ-r Arrived ¦ Aug 12-r-U- 8-stmr Kllpat
riek. from Manila, for ¦ New ¦ Yorkl ¦ , ."•¦_-.'
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Aug 12— Stmr
AJax, from Tacoma, for Liverpool ; stmr Akl
Maru, '. from- Seattle. •
. " ' ' '- OCEAN STEAMERS. '
- BROWHEAD— Passed 'Aup , 12— Stmr Teu
tonic, from- New York, for Liverpool.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed. Aug 13— Stmr Sax
onta, for Boston. . ritfrr-tr.TCT T ""ilMf
• Arrived - Aug • 12— Stmr Teutonic, from : New
York, for Liverpool, and ; proceeded. -¦
• GLASGOW— Arrived Aug 12— Stmr Anchoria.
from New York; stmr. Norwegian, ¦ from ,Mont
real. --:- ; ¦ -v ..,;.; . .¦ ¦-....'.'¦",,
- ANTWERP— Arrived Aug. 12— Stmr' Rhyn
land; from Philadelphia! . .
¦ LIVERPOOL — Arrived Aug ¦ 12 — Stmr Con
cord, from ' Montreal. • ' -• ¦'¦
'¦ SCILLY— Pnssed Aug ; 12— Stmr New York,
from New York, for Southampton. •
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug 1'-— Stmr Majeer
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Henry Hicks, J. A. McGrath. Dr. F. H.
Locke. Otis Hidden. Gull Melendes. Samuel
Bishop and wife, Evelina Manuel Bishop.
Jesus Alcalde. Clementina Alcalde. Maria Al
caJde. Frederick Bass and H. B. Tompkln.
The Panama's passengers included:
THE Pacific Mall Company's City of
Panama arrived yesterday from
Panama and way ports. She
brought SS2 tons of cargo, treasure
valued at $21,500 and twenty-seven
passengers. Samuel Bishop, a passenger
accompanldl by his ¦wife and two chil
dren, was refused a landing by the Immi
gration authorities. Fisher is a native of
Mexico and the immigration officials
think he may be suffering from consump
tion. He and his family will be detained
on board until a medical examination of
the man either confirms or dispels the
immigration people's suspicion. Fisher
does not appear to be at all robust, but
says that his condition Is due to excessive
cigarette smoking and the fact that he is
Just recovering from one of the low
fevers • prevalent along the southerly
coast.
tic. from Liverpool and Queenstown; stmr Xu
mldian, from Glasgow.
Bailed Aug 12 — Stmr Philadelphia, for South
ampton: stmr Germanic, for Liverpool; stmr
Statendam, for Rotterdam, via Boulogne.
CHERBOURG— Sailed Aug 12— Stmr Kaiser
Wilhelm II, from Bremen and ' Southampton,
for New York.
Harry Williams, mate of the American bark
Homeward Bound, proved himself every Inch
a sailor off Cape Horn when he dived under
the vessel's stern to shackle chains on the
disabled rudder, and he lived up to the tradi
tions of the sea In his first experience ashore.
He received his pay on Tuesday, and with
some $250 rattling in his pockets, went-trip
ping up town to forget the hardships of Cape
Horn in a good time. He reported on board
the Homeward Bound yesterday dazed and
penniless. How. when or where he lost his
money he does not know. If he had any fun
he doea' not remember it. He had evidently
been, piled with narcotics. Williams is not a
heavy drinker and is usually able to take good
care of himself. When he recovers from the
effects of the knockout drops the police hope
he will be able to give them same clew which
will lead to the discovery of the robbers.
Victim of Knockout Drops.
The decision, places the captain's former
stenographer in a sad predicament. She
became a mother several months ago
and Pedersen is the father of the chjld.
At the time she married the captain she
believed his tale that the woman who
lived with him on Haight street was his
sister and that he was free to wed. She
did not discover that she had been, duped
until the woman returned and announced
that she and not the stenographer was
the gay captain's spouse. Pedersen dis
appeared about that time, and as Otelia
could produce no documents to prove her
claim' the second Mrs. Pedersen denied
her admission to the house and a suit to
recover possession of the ' premises re
sulted. During the trial the woman whom
Judge Murasky si*)sequently found to be
Pedersen's wife testified that she had
married the captain at Honolulu several
years ago. She said she had a certificate,
but that it had been lost in a shipwreck.
Fully fifty witnesses testified that they
knew her for years as Pedersen's wife
and it then dawned upon the pretty
stenographer that she had been victim
ized. Still sh^ fought for the sake of her
little one, but in vain, as the court's de
cision shows.
Mrs. Otelia Pedersen is the wife of Cap
tain John Pedersen, the mariner who dis
appeared from this city several months
ago, leaving behind him, numerous unpaid
bills and two women, each of whom
claimed'. to be his wife. Yesterday Judge
Murasky decided that the woman he
married in Honolulu years ago. who was
known to hundreds as Mrs. Pedersen, was
his lawful wife, and that Mamie Fysette,
Pedersen's stenographer, whom • he mar
ried during the absence of his wife in
Norway, had no legal right to the name
of Pedersen. The decision was rendered
in the suit to recover the household fur
niture in the Federsen home at Haight
and Pierce streets brought by Otelia
Pedersen after her return from Norway
and after the discovery of the second
wife.
The Decision Places Mamie
Fysette in a Sad Pre
dicament.
Judge Murasky Decides
Obelia Pedersen Is
Mariner's Wife.
Detain Passenger on Gity of Panama Because They Suspect He
May Have Consumption— -Seems Anything but' Robust, but
Declares That Fever and Cigarettes Are Responsible for Looks
IMMIGRATION INSPECTORS WILL NOT
ALLOW MAN FROM MEXICO TO LAND
BELLBOY ROBS
HOTEL GUESTS
Valuable Jewelry Taken
.Prom Rooms in the
Pendleton.
Police Are Searching for
Thomas Flood, Who Has
Disappeared.
The police are searching for a bellboy
who gave the name of Thomas Flood and
disappeared from the Pcndleton Hotel on
gutter street a few days a&o, taking with
him valuable jewelry belonging to sev
eral of the guests.
About the beginning of this month the
boy was sent fro'm Hansen's employment
agency, and he made ,yo favorable an im
pression by his cuict and courteous de
meanor and plcasine voice that he was
at once encaged. He soon became a fa
vorite with the quests, and the ladies
liked him for his good manners.
A few days aeo he disappeared, and
that day several of the ladies complained
to the landlady that their jewelry had
been taken from their rooms. Mrs. Abe
Marshall, wife of the well known tailor
en Kearny street, near Market, missed
a. valuable diamond and pearl pin. Mrs.
G. E. L. Willcutt, wife of the secretary
cf the United Railroads, reported the loss
of valuable articles. Several other la
dies were also victims of the bellboy's
cupidity.
Suspicion at ence attached to him. as
he did not retain and had not made a
demand fcr the w&zcs due him for the
few days he had been employed. Cap
tain Martin was notified and he detailed
Detectives Harper and Armstrong, but
thpy have been unable to locate the bell
boy or any of the stolen articles. Flood
Is about 20 years of age.
Most of us can find fault without the
use of a search warrant.
RIGHT TO NAME
IS ESTABLISHED
THE SAN; FRANCISCO CALL, THUBSDAY, AUGUST 13, 1903.
BARKENTINE CITY OF PA
PEETE. WHICH ARRIVED IN
PORT YESTERDAY.
10
EAILWAY THAVEL.
California
bmitea..,\
To CHICAGO
l^^s^^^^i or *^^ ose Who
SANTA FE TRAINS.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot. - \
Local Llm'd Local Ov'rl'd
Dally Dally Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran.... 7:30a 9:30a 4:0Op 8:00p
A r. Stockton 10:40 a 10:01 p 7:10 p 11:15 p
"Merced l:05p l:Mp 1 :28 a.
" Fresno ...... 2;40p 3:20 p;.. -3:13 a
" Hanford ..... 4:58p 4:07p.'. 7:50a
" Vlsalla ...... 4:63p 4:48p. : 6:00a.
"Bakersfleld .. 7:15p 6:00p :..:... 7:35a
"Kansas City 2:35 a ....... 7:00a
"Chicago ............ 2:15p:....i. 8:47p
I a for morning; p for afternoon.
-',.7:30 a. ¦: m. Daily : la Bakersfleld Local, stop-
ping at all points In San Joaquln Valley.. Cor-
responding . train arrives at 8:55 a,.m. dally.'
9:30 a. m ' Monday and Thursday la • th«
'CALIFORNIA ¦ LIMITED. - carrying
Tnlaee. Sleeplne tars and. Dining Cara
through to Chicago. Chair car runs to Bakers,
field for accommodation of local first-class pas-
sengers. No second-class tickets are honored
on this train.*. Corresponding train arrives at
11:10 p. m.., Tuesday and Friday. . T ,
9:30 a. m. Dally. Valley Limited. 'Composite
Car and Reclining Chair Car between Bakers-
fleld and San Francisco. Corresponding- train
arrives : at 11 :10 p. m.~ dally.. :;:;.:.
¦ 4:00 p.- m.r Is Stockton Local. -Corresponding
train arrives at 11:10 a. m. dally. . . - ,..-¦
* ' 8 :00 p. m. Dally ,1s the Overland Express
with through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to • Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno Cor-
responding-train arrives 'at 6:25p.m. dally :•
¦ -Personally conducted parties for Kansas City
Chicago and ; East ¦ leave San Francisco ever?
Monday,'. Thursday and Saturday, at ' 8 p.' m. ¦
• Offices— 641 ' Market street and In Ferry De !
pot; Ban Francisco; 1112 Broadway. Oakland. '
OCEAN TBAVEL.
® Steamers leave Ean Fran-
cisco as follows:
Fcr Ketchlkan. Juneau,
Haines, Skag-way. etc., Alas-
ka— 11 a. m.. Aurust 4, 9,
1*. 1!». 24. 29. Sept. 3.
Change to company's ?t ram-
cry at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver,
Pert Towiisend, Seattle, Ta-
ccrr.a, E^ - cr«'tt, Whatcom — 11 a. rr... August 4.
9, 14. 19. 2*. 29, Sept. 3. Chanpe at Seattle
to this company's et earners for Alaska, an.l G.
gtf. Ry. : at Seattle for Tacoma f> N. P. Ity.;
tt Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka < Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:30
p. in.. August 2. ft. 14, 20. 28. Sept. 1; Corona,
1:30 p. m.. August 5, 11, 17. 23, 2S», Sept. 4.
For Loa Angeles <vla Port L«o* Anreles M< i
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara, —
benta Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays, 0 a. m.
For Los Angeles <via San Pedro and East
Fan Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Stmecn. Cayucos, P.ort Harford
t£an Luis Oblfpo), Ver.tura and Hueneme.
Cocs Bay, 3 a, m.. August 5, 13, 21. 29,
Sept- 6-
Bonlta, 9 a. m.. Aug. IT, 25, Sept. 2.
For Enser.ada. Kaedalena Bay. San Jo*« del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata,. La Pax. Santa. F.o-
Falla. Guaym&s (Mex.). 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further lnforroatlcn obtain folder.
liipht Is reaerv'ed to change steamers or sall-
*TICXET OrriCES — « TCew Montirorn-
«>r>- street (Palace Hotel), 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf .
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C. D. DUXANN, General Passenger Agent.
10 Market et.. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
"Columbia" tail* Ansr. 21. 31. "George IV.
Elder" sails Aug. 16, 2G. Only eteamship line
to PORTLAND. OP... and short rail line from
Portland to ail points East. Throuch tickets
to all points, all rail or steamship and rail at
LOWEST RATES. Steamer tickets include
berth end mealK Steamer sails foot of Spear
ft. &.t 11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass.
P*>pt.. 1 Montgomery »t. : C. CLIFFORD. Gen.
Aet. Frt. Dept.. 3 Montgomery et.
AMERICAN LIKE.
NEW TOUK-SOLTHAMPTOX— LONDON.
Ft.Loui9.Aug.19. 10amPhtla...Sept 2. 10 am
V, Torlc.Aug. 26. 10 am 1 Et. Louis. Sept. 9, 10 am
ATLANTIC TBASSPCat V\\z.
XKW|V<'B"- I/)M>iX DIRECT.
T.Iin'fka.Aujr. 22. 5 am!iIln'ha..Sept. 8 4 pm
Uto > p'lis.AuK.23. 10 am Mesaba.Sept 12 Sam
Only First Claes Passenger* Carried.
DOMSKiON LIKE.
HOSTON^-OLKEXSTOWN— UVEHPOOL.
Commonwealth.Aug. 27iColumbus(new)Sept 17
New England ... Sept. 3'ComroonweaHh.Eept. 24
Mayflower Sept. 10,N<°w England ... Oct. 1
Montreal — Liverpool— Short sea passage
Canada Aug. 22 Dominion Sept. 5
Kensington ...Aug. 29 ; Southwark ...Sept 12
Boston Mediterranean **«<*
AZOHES— GIBRALTAtt-NAPLES— GENOA.
Vancouver Sat.. Aug. 23. Oct. 10, Nor 21
Carfihroman HjU.. Sept. 19. Oct. 31. Decl 12
HOLUKD-AMERICA LINE.
NEW YGRK-IiOTTERDAM. VIA BOULOGNE.
Sailing Wednesday at 10 a m
Ryndam Aug. 19 Rotterdam Sept. 2
Nocrdam Aug. 2*5iPot»darn Sept 9
RED STAR LINE.
v rn -.vot ! tr_ nTff! r RP _ PAm
Vaderl'd.Aug. 22.10a«|Zeeland.Sept. 5. 10 em
K.roonl'd.Aus.23. lOam'.Flnland.Sept. 12 10 arn
WHITE STAR LINE.
NETT TOKK-O.CEENSTOW.V— LIVEBPOOL.
Sailing 'U'ednesdaya and Fridays.
MajesticAug 19. noon .Oceanic. Aug. 2& « am
Celtic. .Aug. 21. 4 pc Cymric. Aug. 28.3:30am
Victorian.Aug. 25.7 am! Teutonic. Sept. 2. noon
C. D. TAYLOR, Passenger AgentJ «Pacifle
Coast, 21 Post ft.. San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
STEAMSHIP CO.)
Ft^amern will leave -wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. n.. for TOKOHAMA
ind HONOKOXG. calling at Kobe (Hlogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with eteamers for India, etc. No
rarjro reoeivM en board on day of EilUni:
Hi, S AMERICA MARU „
Wednewlay. August 2«>. 1903
8. F. HONGKONG MAP.r «-a!lln«r at Ma-
nila» Saturday. September IS, 1303
S. S. NIPPON MARt: .'. ,
. Thursday. Octnb<*r 15. l!Vt;
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. Fcr frolKht and pp.sBajre. apply at Com-
rany'e office. 421 Market street, corner First.
¦ - W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
jiamburg-Stmerican.
FOR PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURG. HAMBURG
Tiria-Sersw Express aai Piss«a?t; S;rri 3 ,.
P. Eijrlirmund ..Aug. 15 Patricia Aur "a
Bluecher Aug. 20 Moltke Sent 1
Pennsylvania ..Aug. 22 Palatia *S<?pV 5
A. Victoria... .Aug. 77 F. Bismarck. .Sept 'in
BAKBUKO- AMERICAS LLTZ, ZJ i' wil jf r
HER2OG & CO.. 401 California at.. Ceo* Aru.
oceanics.s.co.
DIRECT UW to rAHUt
S. a MAHIPOSA. for Tahiti. Aug. 15 11 a m
P. S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. Auk. IS n .' -'
R. 6. SIKRRA. for Honolulu. Samoa Auek
lsnd and Sydney. Thursday, Aug. 27 *» n m
iJ.£P££Ct£lS»£J0i.a,A 5 ti.r C blCfr a ,,6<3ftr«a'
fn«btsaei.SU KutrtSUKBrlL 7.fisafL
COKPACME GEKEBALE TEAK5ATLAJTT2QJJ
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. .^^
Kallln* every Thursday instoa.l or *&?ir&+
f-aJurclay. at ]«> a. tru, from Pier 42. ~<r a *ffffiil
North River, foot of Morton ctrret ' TV.
F1r.«t-<-laKs to Ha\Te. $70 and upward. Heo
rrtd-cla«s to U*vr+. $O and upward GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UTHTED STATES AND
CANADA. ."?2 Broad*av <Hudaon Euildinel
New York. J. F. FT.GAZI & CO.. Pacific egli
Ae-ems. A Montromery avenu«. Pan Francisco
Tickets gold .by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
ar&re ZtUad and Vallejo tit*a, mrTtl
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
©:43 su m.. 3:15 and K:S0 p. m.. except Sundav
Sunday. »:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave VallejV
f a. m.. 12:30 noon. <> p. m.. ex. Sunday Fun-
lay. 1 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare, 50 cents. Tel.
Main IMS. Pier 2. Mlssion-at. dock. HATCH
BROS.
To Points
East and Back,
One
Fare
Aug. 18, 19, 25, 26.
Full particulars, Call
or Address 623 Mar-
ket Street.
C. A. RUTHERFORD.
Dist. Pas'gT Agent.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Train* leave »¦¦>! »re due to wrrlve s>t
SAN FKAN'CISCO.
fMsln Ltne. foot of Marlcet Street > _
U>TI -y FBOM ACOCST 1. liO». — AK1»T«
700a Benlcla. Sulsun. Klmlrs and S»cr»-
mento vsl*
7.00a Vacarille. Winters. Ramsey. 7.25*
7.30a )f srtlnez. Bun Romon. Vallejo,
Nspa. Callstojia, Santa Ross 625r
7.50a Hl'.es, LJyermore, Lathrop. Stoct-
•on 7.25*
8.00a D»rts.Wood!*Dd. Knlebts Landing.
JUrysvtlle. Oro»tlle. (connects
•• at MnrYiTllle for Grldlpy. Blgjs
aadCb'lro)...: .1*25*
8 CO* Atlr.nlicKxpres»— OsdennndEast. 102a*
8-OOa l*orl C««ta, Martinez. Antloch. By-
ron TrscT.Stockton,Sacrsmento,
Los Banos. Meoduta. Ilaafurd.
Vl«»ll*. r«>rt«T»llle "»4^5»
8.00* .Port Costa, Martinez. Tracy. Lata-
rom Modesto. Merced. Fresno,
« jo* ben Junction. Uanford, vl-
salts, Bakeisfleld 5.25*
B^Oa Cbncu Kxpr«» — !>•»••• TIHIamt
(for Dartlett SprlBirs). VTlilows.
tFrnto. Hed Bluff, Portland J.oo*
U.ZOa iflles. 6*a Jose. Livermore. Stock-
ton.Ione.8«cr«mento.Pl)icerrine.
M»ry»*llle.Cb!co.ne<» Bluff 4.25*
8 .30a O»kd«le. Chinese. Jamestown. So-
norm Tnolntnne and AnKels 4 Z5*
900 a Martlne* and Way Stattous A%?Z
1000a Vallejo_ •••• »Z.Z5»
410.00a El P»«> PMseoner. Eastbonnd.—
Port Co«ta. Martinez, Byron.
Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton,
Merced. Kaymond. Fresno, nan-
ford. Visalift. Bakersfleld. Los
Anceles and El Paso. (West-
bound srrlTe* *t» Coast Line)... «1.30y
10 00a The Overland Limited — Ugden.
DenTer. Omaha, Chicago 8 25*
12.00x Bayward. N'llesand Way Station*. 3-25*
11.00* Sacramento Ki»er Steamers Til. 00*
3.30* Bentela, Winters. Sacramento.
Woodland. Williams. Cola*a.Wll-
lows. Knlifhts Laiidlnir. Marys- „___
Tille. Orovllle and way stations.. 10&54
3.30* Hayward. Nlles and Way Stations.. 76o*
4X0* Mart!nez.Sani:amon.VaUe]o,Kapa,
Callstotra. SanURosa J«*
4.C0* Marttnei.Tracy.Lathrop.Stocs:ton. 10S|*
4.00* NHes. LlTermore. Stockton. Lodt.. 4.25*
430* Hayward. Nlles. Irrlngton. Saa I t3.55a
Jose. Ll»erinore I tll.ao*
EOOr The Owl Limited— Fresno. Tnlare.
VaSersSeld, Loa Angeles; con-
nects at Sauf us for Santa Bar-
bara. i 8.53*
6Cfl* Port Costa, Tracy. Stockton, Lot _„,„
Banos 1225*
15-30* Hsywsrd. Nlles and 6an Jose 7.25*
6-00* Hayward.NUes and San Jose 1025*
S.00r Orleutal Mail — Oftden. Denver.
Omaha. St. Louis. Chicago and
East. (Carries Pullman Cic pas-
sengers only out of Ban Fran-
cisco. Tonrint car and coaca
passengers take 7.00 p. x. trala
to Reno, continuing thence la
tbeir cars 6 r.x. train eastward.. 4.25*
Westbound. Sunset Limited.—
From J(ew York. Chicazo, New
Orleans, El Paso. Los Aogeles.
Fresno, Derenda. Raymond (from
Tosemlte). >»rt!nei. Arrives.. 8-25a
7X0* Bsn, Pablo. Port Costa, Martlnes
-< - ' and Way Stations. 11-75*
17X0* Vallejo....... 7-68*
7X0* Port Costa. Benlcta. Sulsun. Paris,
Sacramento, Trnckee. Reno.
Stops at all sutlons east of
Sacramento 7.53a
8X5* OTegon A California Express— 8ae-
ramento. MarytTlUe, Redding.
Portland. Puget Sound and East. 8-55*
}8.10* Hay ward. Nlles and San Jose (Sun-
day only) »1.53*
11.25* Port Costa. Tracy. Lathrop. Mo
detto, Merced. Raymond (to Yo
semltc). Fresno, Uanford. VI-
salla. Baker»neld 12 2Sl
COAST LINE IJMwtiMi i.au^ej.
(Koot of Market Street.)
1745a Sants Crux Excursion (Sunday
only) J8.10*
8.15a Newark. Centerrllle. San Joss,
Felton, Boalaer Creek, Santa
» Crux and Way Stations. 6 25*
t2,16* Newark. Centi:rrllle. San Jose,
New Almaden. Los Gato».7e: ton.
Boulder Creelc. Santa Crux and
Principal Way Stations 1045*
4.15* Newark. San Jose. Los Oatos and
way stations (on Saturday and
Sunday runs through to Saata
Cruz; Monday only from Santa
Crnz). Connects at Kelton to
aad trom Bonlrter Creek +8-551
g OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN t KAMC1SCO. tout of Murtcei St. (5!lp»
— 1«:15 9:00 11:U0a.m. 1.00 3-00 6.15 *.M
From OAKLAND. Koot <>t Broadway — +«:0U J3:f4
t8:05 1u:(1Ua.1(. 12 CO 200 4 CO f.M.
COAST LINE <«roail «iuiii:
Eg" (Third ana lotrpnend Streets.)
6.10a San Jose and Way Stations 7^30*
1700a San Jose and Way Stations 8.30*
/8.00a New Almaden (Tues.. Frld.) y4-10*
J7.15* Monterey and Santa Cruz Eicur
slon (Sunday only) 13-50*
100* Coast Line Limited— Stops only San
Jo»e,Gliroy.HoUIster.P»Jaro.Cas-
trorlile. Salinan. San Anlo.Psso
Rubles. SantaMargarita,San Luis
<>lilRrm.(prln«-lpalstat!onstbence)
SantaBarbara.SaugusandLosAn-
reles. Connection at Castrortila
to snd from Monterey and Pacific
Grove ami at Pajaro north bound
_ from Capltola and Santa Cruz 10-43*
8 CO a 6an Jose. Tres Plnos. Capitola,
SantaCruz. Pacific Grore.Sallnaa.
Ban Lulu Ol>l*po and Prloctpal
lntcrrondlate Stations 4.10*
westbound El Paso Passenger. —
From Chicago. El Paso. Li.s An-
tn Td „ ftele "« 8 « n "> Harbara. Arrlre*.. 1-30*
«?«« s » n Jo«e and Way Sutlons. 1.£flp
11-03* Cemetery Pamencer— South San
,,„ Francisco, San Bruno 1.C5»
11-5UA San Jose. Los Cato» and Way Sta-
tions 6-36*
o'Sn 6 «n Jose and Way Stations X7.00*
Z.CO* San Jose and Way SUtlons 5940a
l.AUP Cemetery Psssenirer— South San
»,,„, FrancJjce. San Bruno 4.35*
t«X0*DeI Monte Kxpre«s— Santa Clara.
San Jot«, Del Montr. Monterey,
Pacific Grore (connects at Sunta
Clara for S«nta Crux. Boulder
• Tn _ Creek and Narrow Gauce Point*) M2.15*
••«0* Burllngsme. San Mateo, Redwood.
MenloPark. Palo Alio Mayfleld.
, Mountain View. Lawrence. Santa
Clara. San Jote, Gtlroy (connec-
tion for Holllster. Tres Plnos),
i'ajaro I connection for Wstson-
Ttlle. Capltola and Santa Crux).
Pacific Grore and wsy ststtons.
Connects at Castrorllle for Sa-
.-„ Jfns« 10-45*
*e"2« San Jose and Way Sutlont 8.36a
T5-C0* Ssn Jose, (ria Santa Clara) Lo»
Clatos, Wright and Principal Way
.___ Sutlons t900*
!g»w* San Jose and Prfnclpul Way Stations t8.00*
_TB.15* San Mateo. Bere.sford.Belmont.Sai>
Carlo*. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Jtenlo Park. Palo Alto 13 43*
F-«0* San Jo*e and Way Stations. 8 3ft*
7X0* Sunset Limited. Eastbound.— Saa
Lnls Obtspo. Sanu Barbara, Loa
Angeles, Demlnfr. SI Paso. New
Orleans. New York. (Westbound
¦ ox *rrlTTSTl«S..nJoaqul3Valley)... arg 75*
8.C0* Palo Alto an.1 Way Stations..... I&lii
•11.3CFMllibrae.Palo Alio and Way Stv
... tlons " laic,
• 11-SOrUlllbne. Saa Jose and w'ay'si»
'- tlnu * 19i8*
* l^rday^'^naay .«,?.*" ~- '
I 6tops at all stations on Sunday.
alarrd'ajVniy^ «•»«•«*
C» Big G for unnatural
jRSfStr to 1 »• * <«7«.\a dUcharses.inflanimation*.
£0X7 O«»r»ate«4 n irritations or ulcerationi
Bl^M bo * w «ricwr». of ma (To as membranes.
B-J3 Pr«ea«. Co-u,!... p t i n ; eM » a d no t aitria-
K^jTHEETUSCHEMOICO. geat or poUonoas.
VSEk ClKCI»»ATI,O.£S]ra Mcia by Draaclat*.
C-8. *. 3SHn or sent in plain wr»pp»r.
Ak*^®S~ w CT?ynS »1.00. or 3 botUes 12.75.
— CircnUf sect oa Mfloeit.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
EAILWAY TEAVEL.
Low
sions
Our
Eastbound
Tourist Parties
The best friends wa have are those
who have once traveled with one of
our Personally Conducted Tourist
Parties — that is saying a good deal for
the service, is it not?
Before making up your mind how to
go east will you not permit me to tell
you about them and the decided advan-
IV. 0. SANBORN. Gen'l Agent Burlington Route,
631 Market St., Sin Francisco, Czl.
G9T Phone. Main 1183.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN Ml. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FBANCISCU ANU NORTH PACIFIC
KAIIiWAY COMPAHT.
Tlbuxon ferry. Toot of Market St.
BAR PEANCISCO TO SAZT KAXAXZu
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, S:0O. 0:00, 11:00 a. m.:
12:35, 2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 5:50. 0:30 and 11:30
P. m.
Faturdays^ — Extra trio at 1 :30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a.»m.; 1:30.
2:30, 3:40. 0:10 6:30, 11:30 p. m.
SAJT RAFAEL TO 8A2T 7SAJTCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:05. 0:50, 7:35, 7:50. 9:20,
11:15 a. m.; 12:50. »2:00. 3:40. 6.00. 5:20,
6:25 p. m.
'Saturdays — Extra trio at 1:4.*$ o. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:50. 7:35, 9:20. 11:15 a. m.; 1:43.
3:40. 4:60. 6:00. 5:20. 6:10. fl:25 p. m.
'Except Saturdays.
J>ave. I In Effect J AirtTe
San Francisco. I May 3. 1903. [San Francisco.
Week I Suu- I Desttna- I Sun- | Week
Days. I day*. I tlon. | days. | Days.
7l30~a I 7:45 a 7:43 a
7:30 a 8:00 a > 8:40 a 3:40a
8:00a &:30a Irnado. 110:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 5:10 p 6:2n p 7:23 p
. ¦ ____^ 7:23 p
TVlOa 7:30a 7:45a 7:45a
8:00 a 8:00 a Novato. 10:2rt a 10:20 a
2:30 p 9:30 a Petaluraa. tf:20p 6:20 p
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:25 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa. |
7:30 a 7:30 a * 110:20 a 10:20 a
R:0Oa 8:00a Pulton. |7:23p 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:S0p j [ 7:25 p
J Windsor.
7:30 a( 7:30 a Healdsburr. : 10:20a 10:20 a
Lytton.
2:30 p( 2:30 p Geyservllle.. 7:25 p| 7:25 p
1 Cloverdale. |
7:30 a! 7:30 a! Hopland. 110:20 a '10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:25 p( 7:25 p
7:30 a| 7:30 a| Wllllta. t 7:25 p| 7:25 p
8:00 al 8:00 al Camp Vacation. 110:20 a!10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Guemevllle. | 7:25 p| 6:20 p
8:00 al 8:00 al Sonoma. I 8:40 al 8:40 a
6:10 ii| 5:10 p| Glen Ellen. | 6:00 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 7:30 al 110:20 a 1 10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Sebastopol. |7:25p|6:2Op
.STAGES, connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln, at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark
West Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs;
at Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; -at Clover-
dale for the Geysers. Boonevllle and Green-
wood; at Hopland for Duncan Springs. High-
land Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs.
Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at
Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs,
Blue Lakes. Laurel Pell Lake. Witter Springs
Upptr Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley, Johu Day's"
Riverside, Llerly's. Bucknell's. ¦ Sanhedrln
Heights, Hullvllle, Orr'a Hot Sprtnrs, Half,
way House. Comptche. Camp Stevens. - Hop-
kins. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg. Westport
Usal; at Wllllta for Fort Bragg. Westport.
Sherwood. Cahtb. Covelo, Layton<r!lle. Cura-
mlngs. Bell's Springs. Harris.. Olsen's. Dyer
Uartervllle, Pepperwood. Scotia and Eureka. '
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
¦ On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half-rates. - '
Ticket office. C50 Market street. Chronicle
building.
.H. C. WHITING. / R. X RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pas. Agt.
¦ TO SAI^RAFAEL,
SAN.QUENTIN,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, ETC.
via Sausalito Ferry
yBW*tf3fcSfet«Jstt=ft^sM^Vttfc*i*j»» __.%
' WEEK DAYS — iHolidays excepted) — 6:43,
t'7:45 8:45. 9:45. 11 a. m.. 12:20. »1:«. 3:15.
4:15 +5:15. *U:15. 6:45, "9. 11:45 p. ni.
7:45 a. m. train .week days does not run to
M SUNDAYS AND LEGAL HOLIDAYS— 7.
t8,. t*». -t'lO. - 11. tll:30 a. m.. U2:30 fl:3l«.
2:35 6. 6, 7:30, 0. 11:45 p. ra.
Trains marked (?) run to San Quentln. Those
marked <t)'u> Fairfax, except 5:15 p. m. Satur-
days. On Saturdays the 3:15 p. m. train runs
t °F^ToM a SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Week days— 6:2*. Jt>:25. 7:40. 8:15, tS#:35.
11-.0& a. m.. 12:30, 2:20. J3:45. 4:50. 8:30. 6:45.
10:20 p. m.
. SUNDAYS— 6:15, 7:35.t8:10, 9:40. , J10:55.
111:45 a. m.. 12:50. 2:30. J3:23. 4:40. ;5.50,
6:S5. 7:35/ 10:20 p.- m.
; "Trains marked <t) start from San Quentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Week' days— 0:45. 6:40. 7:45. 8:25
9:45,:ll:10a. m.. 12:40. 2:45. 4:15. 5:10. 7: 0\
10:40 p. r>.
SUNDAYS— «:35. 7:55, 10. 11:10 a. m.. 12:08
1:05. 2:40. .3:45. 4:55. 6:05. 7:10, 10:40 p. m.'
THROUGH TRAINS.
-7:45 a. m.. week days — Cazadero and way
stations. ¦ .
'0:15 p. m. t week days (Saturdays excepted)
Torr.ales and way stations. -
3:15 p. m., Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations.
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 8 a. ra.. Caza-
dero and way stations.
, Sundays- and Legal Holidays — 10 a. m.. Point
Tteyes and way stations. -
TICKET OFFICE— 028 Market st.
FERRY— Foot of Market st.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
"*-**** Tj« Sjmsiito farry' "^Arrive ~"
SaaFran.- to* tt Uirtu st SaaFraa.
*M l Mi 2;|:!lf!!
iStrm 1 «» >*a«kt St. (North Shore RauroadJ
OmCB J and Sausauto Ferry, Foot Mart« sTPresident Charles Spear of the State Board
of Harbor Commissioners, having returned
from his vncatlon. presided at the regular
meeting held yesterday afternoon. Only rou
tine business was transacted. The board ac
cepted the engtnt-er's plans and specifications
for a - pew freight slip to be built for the fkratn
ern Pacific in Central Basin at a cost of $(£.
00O Tayior A Buckley were awarded th« con
tract for whitewashing the shed of Greanwich
¦tr<*»t wharf No. 2. Frank P. CarmtchaeU
who' has been acting: as clerk to the engineer,
tendered his resignation, which was accepted.
Harbor Commission Meets.
A drop in Hawaiian Commercial to {11 from
$43 bid the preceding day was the only note
worthy change In local securities on the morn
ing session. The oil stocks continued quiet.
In the afternoon Alaska Packers was lower j
at $142 50@142. On the Oil Exchange the fea
ture was the decline in Homo Oil. whleh sold
from 12 (SO down to (2 35.
Ex dividend yesterday: Alaska Packers, $1.
or $48,000; California-street Railroad, 75c, or
$7500.
The Presidio and Ferries Railroad will pay a
dividend of 20c on the 15th.
The Daly West Mining Company of Utah has
declared a regular monthly dividend of 60 cents
per share, payable August 15.
The Ophir Mining Company has levied an as
sessment of 15 cents per share, delinquent Sep
tember 15.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
WEDNESDAY. Au*. 12.— 2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup... 100 110 4s qr c <new)134 135
4s qr reg...."10!) 110 5s qr coup..l06»41OTH
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5«. — — I Dob — —
Bay CPC 5s. — 105*i! Do con 6V — 105
C C G A E5s — 107}i CiWC«k- —
C C Q & ET)S — — jOceanlc S 6«. — 83
Cal G&E g Om C R Us. - —
m & ct 5j. — — Fae G Imp4f — —
fal-st C 5s. — — P E Ry 53..1C6VilO7
: C C Wat 5*. — — P A C R ««. — —
Ed L & P Os — — PiORte.- —
F Cl R «3.. — — • Powell-st tia. — —
tJ^ary-st 5e.. — — • S E G&R 5s. — —
JI <:&S 5>4s. — — SF & SJV5s — 120%
If C & 8 r»8.. — — S R of C Us. — —
lion It T «!s. — 107*i H P of A »•* , .
U A.Rlec .".9. — 1(W»>. UfMD) .... — —
U A Ry 5s.. — — (i!>10) .... — —
I. A L. Co Os. — — S P of C 6s
Do std Kd. — — U905)Sr A. — —
Do gtd r>*. — — (IWAiSr B. — —
LAP km fe. — — t OWXi) .... —
Mkt-st C «r. — — ', (1912) .... — —
Do lem f.s.HTVi — t P C leg 5s. — —
N R of C tis. 10U>*107i6 Do »tmp.l.l07^108
NRC(of C)5d.llS»41i:O B P B R 6». — —
XPC Kit os. — — ii V Wat 6a.lO7»4 —
N C Ry 5s.. — 113 Do 4s •_Mm. — 100
N C P 5s... — 101 >i Do 4s 3dm. —
N S R 5s... — — Stkn G&E «s 07% — ,
O G L II 5s. — — u G & E 5s. — —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 60 JPort Costa.. — —
Marln Co ... — — |f?pring Val.. 83^ 84
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. — 5 Sac E G A R. — —
Kqult Gas... &t 8 « S F G & E. 68 —
Mutual 12 L. — — S F Gas... 1 . — —
Pac O Imp.. 51 !i .'2!i Stkn G A E. — =—
Pac L Co — — . U G & E — —
TRUSTEES* CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. «5 —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd. — — .
. BANK STOCKS,
Am N'atl Ek. -— . — Lon P & A.. — —
Anglo-Cal ... — — Merch Trust. — —
Bank of Cal. 530 — Merch Ex .. — —
CSD&T.. — — ay NatlonI — —
First NatlonI — — . ¦ ¦ • . • • . .- -
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & I*. — — Sav A U So. 95 —
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk.400 500
Mutual Sav. — — I'nion T Co. — —
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — — (Presidio .... — —
Geary — — I
POWDER.
Giant 68!i CD iVIgorlt 51J S%
SUGAR.
Hanat'Co.. 1% 2«i|KUauea S C. — , . 6H
Hawaiian C. 41'i 44-%|Makawell C: — 2.1
; Honokaa S C. 12 1.1 !Onom*a S C. 23 23^a
Hutch S r C 1.2 U l:; il'aauhau S C 14 15
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pa<-k« 11 • — Oceanic 3 Co 7 —
L'al Fruit As. — — Pac A F A.. — —
l'al Wine As. 05 91% Pac •: Borx —
Morning Session.
L>c.arti —
50 Hawaiian Commercial A Sugar. . 41 50
115 Hawaiian Commercial A Sugar... 41 Oi>
25 Mutual Electric Light 12 00
40 Pacific Oas Imp 52 CO
5 S F Gas A Elec Co 0« 00.
Street —
$IO.OCO Nor Ry of C 6 per cent bonds.106 50
$10;OCO S F & S J V bonds 120 00
$10,000 S V « per cent bonds 107 60
Afternoon Session.
Hoard —
5 Alaska Packers' Association 142 CO
5 Alaska Packers' Association 142 00
10 S F Gas & Elec Co 6tt OO
50 S F O & E (Trustees' Cert.) 65 00
California Stock and Oil Exchange
011 Stock — Bid. Asked.
Caribou Oil Co S3
Four Oil .... 70
Hanford OH ..,;. 130 (X)
Home Oil 2 25 2 30
Imperial Oil 19 CO
! Independence Oil '.. 18.- is :
'Junction Oil 21 ....
Kern Oil 5 25
Lion Oil 04 05
Monte Crlsto Oil 85
Monarch Oil 54 58
Oil City Petroleum ....• 23 ....
Peerless Oil 13 50 ....
Reed Crude Oil ¦ 40 tl
San Joaquin Oil 5 25 ;
Sterling Oil SOU 5 10
Thirty-three Oil n OO
Twenty-eight Oil 4 fio
Union Oil . 68 OO
, United Petroleum 118 CO
West Shore Oil 3 05 3 00
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land & Improvement.. 1 25 1 .*>()
Alameda Sugar 29 OO
American Biscuit *... 85 00 100 CO
American District Tel ..' ....
Bay Counties Power ".Vi'.iS ....
Cal Central Gas & Electric. .......
California Cotton Mills 85 GO
California Jockey Club 105 00
California Powder .... ....
California Shipping Co .... 25 00
Cal Title Ins & Trust 130 00 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland... 60 00 v ....
Chutes Company 86U
City A County Bank ....
Cypreso Lawn Imp Co 6 00 « 50
Eastern Dynamite
Ewa Sugar Plantation ••• ....
Gas Consumers' Association 22 M .
Honolulu Sugar 20 00
Captain Ipsen cf th«' barkentine City of Pa
peete, which arrived yesterday from a cod-
fishing cruise, reports that on May 23 the
dory capsized and Mate Andrew Johnson was
drowned. Johnson was 42 years of age and a
native of Denmark. The City of Papeete
brought iOO.tflO codfish. She brings word of
some of the ;.ther fishing vessels. The schooner,
Mary and Ida. spoken July 28 in TTnimak Pass.'
had then 1CO.C0O flsh. and on July 13 th» brlff
Harriet reported having on board a similar
quantity. The Papeete sighted the barken
tlne Fremont on July 20.
Loses Mate Overboard.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Nezc York Stock Market.
NEW TORK. Aug. 12.— Wall street's more
hoptful views of the outlook were reflected In
the movement of price* upward with which
Ux> day'* operations betan. The advance be
came to rapid as to overrun the newly awaken
*4 rttrnand and attract some polling to take
prr.-rt*. which i;n;vl eoOT«" hexltbtion. A fea
tur» t,f the market was the dullness which <!e-
V'1.;«<1 in reactions, due to the throwing over
of etuckt at the advancing prices. The ppee
uUUve tlement made up of professional
traders, played an Important part in the move
ment end undoubtedly buying to cover short'
contracts was en a large scale. Yesterday's
market showed rignm of being oversold, the
f •¦..-..! liquidation having failed to keep pace
with the Billing l>par. The fact wa* developed
In to-day*a market that there are buyers who
will come in on advance who would refrain
irom buyicg at th* lower level. There is a
Isrgf volume of *f-M!njr which disappears from
O>f market when prices tend upward. Of
n*.u?>«« this Is F*-peclally true of forced sellers
hv rianon of mar»rins wiptd out and shrinkage
of collateral. But :t :« also tru« that holders
of ¦«.curttie« are prompted to nell them when
th» price is declining who win bold wben
price* brria to advance. The celling of col
lateral out of loans and the contractions of
credits hfc-r-.'-'l to haw disappeared to-day.
Andr from thru consideratio&a there was no
r.-. .->•¦ i chancea in conditions to account for
th«- larger buying of iwcurlties.
Rates for time money continue very firm.
Th* continued heaviness of Taf&}gn exchange
causr* active dlscusvion of possible early gold
exports, l^ndon is buying quite freely of
•toefcr The increasing sense of security in
th* safety of the ripening crops is encourage
ni*rt to offer exchange bills in the market for
tot* .¦ r:ij<z.f m to be covered at maturity when
G. Tavello, a sailor on the British ship
Dumfriesshire, lying off Lombard-street
wharf, secured a warrant from Police
Judge Mogan yesterday for the arrest of
John Jones, the captain of the vessel, on
a charge of disturbing the peace. He al
leges that the captain and mate beat him
unmercifully on Tuesday and that about
two weeks ago the mate ordered the
watchman to fire a shot at him. - He to
tended to have the watchman arrested.
but the latter deserted the vessel.
Complaint Against a Skipper.
Henry D. Loveland has been selected
by the Merchants' Association and th«
Manufacturers' and Producers' Associa
tion to represent them at the fourteenth
annual session of the Trans-Misslssippl
Commercial Congress, which Is to be neld
at Seattje thla month. Hugh Crals will
represent the Chamber of Commerce and
the San Francisco Board of Trade at
the same convention. Governor Parde*
has commissioned both gentletn«n repre
sentatives of the State of California.
To Attend Commercial Congress.
Mrs. Lizzie. M. M. Hargreaves, 719
Golden Gate avenue, swore to a complaint
before Police Judge Mogan yesterday
charging her husband, Samuel C. Har
greaves, real estate agent In Petaluma,
with threats against life. They have
been separated for some time and Mrs.
Hargreaves has the custody of the chil
dren. She says that Hargreaves palled
at her house on August 4 and left word
that murder would be committed by htm
in a few days and she was afraid he
would kill her. Hargreaves has been ar
rested twice recently for failure to pro
vide, and on one of the occasions he had
a blackjack in his pocket.
Hargre-wes Again Rampageous.
Boston & Maine.. 163 Franklin 8V4
Boston Elevated.. 138 Isle Royale «%
N N H & H 105^4 Mohawk 35^,
Fitch>urg pfd ...143 Old Dominion .. U&
Unlori Pacific .... 72 Oeceola Cl
Mex Central 14 Parrot 18%
Miscellaneous — Quincy 85
Am Sugar 113% Santa Fe Copper. 1
Do pfd 117% Tamarack 81
Am Tel & Tel 120^iTrlmountain 78
Dom Iron & S 6% Trinity 7%
Gen Electric .'....157ft United State* 17%
Mass Electric 21% Utah ...:... 24%
Do pfd goft Victoria 3%
United Fruit 05 Winona 7%
U S Steel 22% Wolverine "64
Do pfd 70 Hi
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Consols for money 01 K Y Central 123%
Consols for acct.. 91% Nor & West pfd.. 80%
Anaconda S% Ont & Western.. 22
Atchison 67% Pennsylvania .... 03
Do pfd S9V& Rand Mines 9%
Can Pacific 127% Heading ..... 25%
Ches & Ohio 30% Do 1st pfd 41
Chi Gt Western.. 15 Do 2nd pfd 34
Chi M & St P ...141 >4 Southern Ry 20%
DeBeers 19%i Do pfd 83%
Den & R G 23%;Southern Pacific. 44%
Do pfd 77 Union Pacific ... 73%
Erie 26H Do pfd 88%
Do 1st pfd 08% U S Steel 22%
Do 2nd pfd 48% Do pfd 71%
111 Central 133% Wabash 20%
Louis A Na*h ...105% Do pfd 33%
Mo Kan & Tex.. 1S% r.
Bar silver, firm, 25 6-16d per ounce.
Money, 2%ff3 per cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
short bills is, 2 l-lBig^^ per cent; for three
months' bills, 2%@2% per cent.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Aug. 12.— FLOUR— Receipts,
15.043 barrels; exports, 20,841 barrels; market
•strong at old prices.
WHEAT— Receipts. 48.050 bushels; epot was
firm. No. 2 red. 85c elevator and S6%c f. o. b.
afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 94%c t. o. b.
afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba, 94%c t. o. b.
afloat. In the early forenoon wheat acted '
rather weak because of poor cables and good
weather and local bear pressure. Rallying
with corn, lt received an afternoon impetus
from better export demand, which carried
prices to the best figures of the day. The j
do«« was »»S%c net higher. May. S7%@
S7$lc, closed 87%c; September. 85 3-16ig>
65 13-16c. closed 85«ic; December, 85 3-16®
86c closed 65%c.
IIOPS — Strong. State, common to choice,
1002, 20@23%c; 1901, 14®17c; olds, 508c; Pa
cific Coast 1902 20@23%c; 1901. 14S17c; olds,
568c.
HIDES — Steady.
WOOL— Quiet.
PETROLEUM— Steady.
COFFEE — Spot Rio, steady; mild, quiet. The
market for coffee futures opened steady at
unchanged prices and at first ruled quiet, but
later became more active, chiefly as a result
of changes from September to November,
though there was also a light demand more
generally throughout the list on the better
European cables and expectations of a further
unfavorable crop account* from Brazil. The
1 close was steady, net unchanged to 10 points
i higher. Sales; Including changes, were 35,750
I bags and included: September. 3.75c; Octo
ber "3 85c; November 3.05c; December. 4.30®
4.35c; March. 4.55c; May. 4.70c; July, 4.85c.
SUGAR — Raw firm. Refined steady. No.
! 6 4.50c; No 7. 4.45c: No. 8, 4.40c; No. ».
I 4*35c; No. 10, 4.30c; No. 11. 4.25c; No. 12,
I 4 20c- No. 13 4.15c; No. 14. 4.10c; confection-
I ers' A 4.75c; mold A. 5.15c; cut loaf. 5.50c;
j crushed, 6.50c: powdered. 6.00c; granulated,
1 4.90c; cubes. 5.10c.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES^— The market Is
: quiet but steady. Common are quoted at 4@
! &%c; prime, 5%®6c; choice. 6%®6%c; fancy,
• k&Q7%c.
PRUNES — Are steady to firm under a fair
; jobbing demand, with most holders asking out-
I Fide prices. Quotations range from 3@7c for«
all grades.
APRICOTS— Continue firm, with new crop.
j choice quoted at from OtP»%c; old crop sup
' piles remain unchanged at S@$%c for choice
j and H*gl2c for fancy. '
PEACHES — Are dull and . unchanged at 7@
1 7%c for choice and 8310%c for fancy.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. Aug. 12. — Trading in wheat to- '¦
I day was fairly active and the general sentiment
I was inclined to the bull Bide under the lnflu
! ence of continued light receipts and a better
i cash and exjort demand. The opening was
t somewhat Irregular the -distant deliveries being
' steady to firm, while the September option was
j easier as a result of lower cables. September
I was off %c to >H.fc%c at the £tart, opening at
1 7»%tf7Svkc, selling up early to tsO%4/»0-'H ! c.
The advance was due mainly to the active de
! mand for Deceinpcr and May. with but little
• on the market. On the advances there was
I realizing In air months, but the feature was the
j heavy liquidation of September, which resulted
in that month declining to 79%c. Notwith
standing the large amount thrown on the mar
ket, the declines wore only temporary, reac
tions occurring whenever the gelling had ceased.
The strength In corn was a help in advancing
prices late in the day end caueed a firm close,
September being up %'p%o at 80V4 4*KO%c.
The sentiment In the oorQ pit was decidedly
bullish on the cold weather throughout the
! com Bection, snow being reported at Omaha.
! Th<? c1oe« was at the top figures, September
I being ?ie higher at o'-V^c.
There •vtas only ni'»«terate trade In oats, but
; prices were firm throughout the day. due partly
I to the strength In corn an<1 partly to the lack
1 of offerings. SepU-mber closed %c higher at
; "i'ic.
A liberal run of hogs nnd easier prices at
\ the yards cauwd lower prices in provisions.
: Trading was extremely quiet and the market
; showed little fluctuation?. Sentrmtwr pork
! closed 7\2 f (il0c lower at $1.1 -Tm; September
i laid was off 7HQ10C and ribs were down 10c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
September, old.. HOU, (ui% 7i)% S0>-i
i September new. 79-% ' S'>3(, 7'JVj .SO ; ;»
i December, new. KO^' VI l»O M
j May S2' a Wi b21i SJ%
Corn No. 2 —
September f>2' 4 KI 62% 62%
I Ixrembcr f>2% f>:'i T>V\ &.{%
I May L2\ 5:5% 52% W-}&
1 Oats No. 2 —
September Gl% i'-fi, >"4'i 34%
December SB .'50 'j • 3« !>i} :i a
May 38 aS-Tg U7% 3S**
SIpm Pork, per bbl —
Heptember 13 BO 13 37% 13 20 1.1 27%
May H 05 13 25 13 05 IU 22'i
Lard, per HjO lb«—
I September « 00 R 05 7 05 K im)
I October 7 72% 7 75 7 C7% 7 70
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
September 7 00 7 H2% 7 *2% 7 S2%
October 7 75 1 W 7 70 7 70
("ash quotations were as follows: Flour was
I steady; No. 2 spring whom, £2Q83«; No. 3, ~7 r iv
1 Sir; No. 2 red. 7S%«79?io: No. 2 corn, 52%^
s S3c; No. 2 yllow, OSfkC; No. 2 oats. St5y$te; No.
y white, 34%@3fic; N<* 3 rye, 51 «i f/.'.-Jc; fair
to choice malting barley. liftODc; K'o. 1 flax
?efd. !>7e: No. 1 Northwestern, *l 01: prime
ttBIOthy seed, f.'f 40: mcrx pork, per bbl. JI.'J 15
J319 20; lard, per 100 lb«. $7 fCi<|7 M%; short !
ribs eidop < loose), $7 6067 75; dry paltcl shoul
ders (boxrd). $7 50^7 «;2'i; phort clear sides
iboxed). ?S 12%fjS 25; whisky, basis of high
Wines, $1 1S>: clover.- contract grade, Jj<12*i!2 50.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments. :
Flour, barrels :tl.400 K.700
Wheat, bushels 177, 000 «• 3<).7<K)
Corn, bushels 214.200 ,,234,000;
Oats bUFhPls 301,500 ' 151.000
Rye. bui«hel8 12.N00 4,:«)0 ;
Barley, bushels •••••jj 14,300 SnO
! On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm: creamery, 14«?l0c; dairy, l.'!a>
17c; eccs. firm at mark, cases included, 12@
l.ic; chtcse, steady. 10^4igH»{c.
Foreign Futures'.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — , Sept. Oct. Dec.
Opening « 6% fl 4»: 0 54
Closing 0 5 04% <J 5 '
- , - PARIS.
Wheat— Aub. Nov.-Feb.
Opening 21 80 21 30
Closing 21 80 21 40
Flour —
Opening 29 80 28 25
Closing 2» 85 28 45
Nezv York Metal, Market. ¦
NEW YORK, Aug. 12. — Tin was 15« higher
on the spot position in London, where It closed
at £12$* 5» and 2s lid higher for futures at
A: 123 17* »;>!. Locally, tin was more active* and
firm. Sales of fifty tons for August delivery
at $28 25 were reported and ten tons of Sep
tember were sold at |27 95. Other sales w^re
reported on the floor at about the same prices.
Spot tin closed at ?28 30©2S 70.
Copper advanced 5s in London to £58 5s for
spot and £56 5s for futures. Locally, copper
was quiet and more or less nominal. Lake
$13018 12%; electrolytic. $13, and casting.
$12 75.
L^ad advanced la 3d in London to £11 is 6d
but remained unchanged here at $4 20.
Spelter v.as unchanged in London at £20 5s
and firmer in New York, where It closed at
$5 67%60. . ; .-¦-.:*;.
. Iron closed at CIS Bd in Glasgow and at 45s
Od in Middlesboro. Locally- Iron was quiet.
No.- 1 foundry. Northern. $17 8O@18; No. 2
foundry. Northern, $16 6Q@17; No. 1 foundry.
Southern and Southern soft, $16 75S17. .
New. York Dry Goods.
NEW YORK. Aug. 12.— In dry goods busl-
London & 3 F Bank (Ltd.) .....
Mercantile Trust ••••
Northern Cal Power 9 50
Nevada National Bank ....
North Shore Railroad 5 00 8 CO
Orpheum Company .... 15 CO
Pacific States Tel & Tel 122 50
Paraf fine Paint 33C0 ....
Postal Device A Imp ....
San Francisco Dry Dock... 47 00 ....
Sausallto Land A Ferry 16 00 ....
Sperry Flour Company 27 50 30 OO
Standard Electric . ., 18 OO
Truckee Electric 13 25 16 OO
Union Sugar 22 5O ....
United Gas A Electric 34 50 ....
Western Fish Company ....
OFFICIAL SALE3.
Morning Session.
Board—
650 Home Oil 2 65
400 Home Oil 2 6O
2C0 Sovereign Oil SS
Street—
50 San Joaquin Oil S 73
Afternoon Session.
Roard^ —
4000 Independence Oil 17
500 Independence Oil IS
300 Sovereign Oil 3H
300 Home Oil 2 55
100 Home Oil 2«0
200 Home Oil 2 DO
700 Home- Oil 2 40
300 Home Oil 2 35
Street — . - * ;
100 Home Oil (b 90) 3 65
200 Home Oil 2 60
Mining Stocks.
•
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Alta. Orti 100 Potosl 18
100 Andes 17j 100 Potosl '.. la
200 Challenge Con 38! 20O Savage 17
100 Con Cal A Va.1 40i 100 Sierra Nmdt «7
20O Mexican .....1 25i 20O Union Con .. Sti
100 Ophir 1 75 800 Utah si
200 Overman 23}
Afternoon Session.
200 Challenge Con 37 200 Occidental ... 47
600 Chollar 1> 200 Overman .... 24
100 Con Cal & Va.l 35 100 Union Con.... 87
100 Mexican 1 20
pacific stock exchange;
Following were the sales on the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 C C A Va.l 37}j I 300 Overman .... 23
200 Con Cal A Va.l Ml 20O Potosl ........ l»
300 Crown Point.. 1SI 300 Sierra. Nevada «>
200 Gould A Cur. 2* 200 Sierra. Nevada 70
200 Mexican 1 23 200 Sierra, Nevada US
10O Mexican ...1 22H 200 Union Con fttf
500 Occidental ... 44 300 Utah 30
100 Ophir 1 72%
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher .14 200 Ophir 1 «3
300 Chollar 15 SOO Potosl 1*
100 Con Cal A V.I 32 Vi 3CO Sierra Nevada «W
! 400 Gould & Cur. 3* 300 Sierra. Nevada 81
I 200 Mexican 1 »< 2C0 Union Con... 85
SOO Occidental ... 45 300 Union Con... 80
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Tonopah
: and San Francisco Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Gipsy Queen.. 27 100 Mont Ton 115
200 Mont Ton..l 07V* 400 Ton N Star.. 5O
100 Mont Ton 1 10 200 Ton N Star.. S3
100 Mont Ton..l 12Vj 2C0 Ton A Cal.... 27
Afternoon Session.
100 Blk Canyon.. 2 23 1 400 MacNamara . 20
500 Esperanza ... 05! 200 Ton A Cal.... 37
COO Hannapah ... 231
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, Aug. 12 — 1 p. m.
Bid. Ask.) Bid. Ask.
Alpha 07 fts lulia 03 O4
Alta <>4 05 Justice 13 14
Andes 15 17,Kentuck 02 04
Belcher XI 3* Mexican 1 13 1 2»
I Best A Belch.l 83 1 05 Occidental ... 47 4s
Bullion 04 05 Ophir ........165 170
1 Caledonia ...1 23 1 33' Overman .... 23 24
Challenge .... 3« 3«:Potosl 17. 1»
Chollar 17 IS Savage 18 IS
("onfidence ...1 05 1 15 Scorpion 04 05
CCA Va 1 30 1 .« Seg Belcher.. 12 14
Con Imperial. Kl 04 Sleira Nevada (VJ «*
Con N Y 13 14 Silver Hill... 78 K»
lYown Point.. 17 10 St Loula IS 22
Eureka Con.. — 45 pyndlcate .... — OH
Exchequer ... 04 05 L'nlon Con.... IS SO
Gould * Cur. 37 X> Utah 30 31
Hale & Nor.. 47 50 Yellow Jack.. 63 04
Lady Wash... — Ob . •.
TONOPAH MINES.
Bld.Atk. I Bid.Ask.
Esperanza ... 04 05, Ton Belmont.l 75 2 00
Gipsy Queen.. 27 2S.T & Cal 37 C4
Hunnapah ... 24 2!iTon A O W.. — 10
Lucky Tom... — 14|Ton of Nev...6 50 8 00
MacNamara . 1» 21 Ton N Star.. Bl S3
Mont Tcn..l 10 1 17S-Ton Midway.. 40 50
K Y Tonopah. — 08 Ton Union... SO —
Paymaster ... — 25iUnited Ton... 15 —
Pine Grove... 6O — jUtopia — 5H
Rtscue 10 141
Salmon Shipments in July.
The exj>orts of Salmon from San Francisco
by sea flaring the month of July were as fol
lowr:
To— Caees. Pkgs. Values.
Australia 642 ... $3.3&4
New Zetland 333 ... 1.1T1
Hawaiian Islands ..179 635 f>.575
Tahiti S16 5 L440
bemoan Islands ... 439 8 1.1&S
Marshall Itlaniia ... 50 ... 1&6
China 17* ... 718
East Indies 734 ... 2,704
Mtxico RO ... 2«2
Central America .... 17 ... 50
Colombia 65 ... 135
Kcuaiior 20S ... 510!
lvru 2K5 ... 794
Chile 1M ... 298
Trinidad Island .... M ••• 200
Jamaica 20 ... SO
Elsewhere 8 1 29
Totals S.0M 649 $1S.S74
In July. 1&02. the shipments by eea were
CT.34 cases ana 20$ packages, valued at $26,000.
Weather Report.
020th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Aug. 12—5 p. m.
' ' : g s 2 5 5 3
I 53 II tl %l 5
STATIONS- y || |g |S |* |
•• I I i r ?
'. f ? •
20.R0 S2 M NW Clear .00
r «rpoa 2I».S') 84 50 W Clear .00
Eureka 30.02 f.4 BO NW <"loudy .00
Fresno 29.78 100 58 W Clear .to
FlapstafT 2S.82 80 50 PW Pt Cldy .02
Independence .2M.74 00 6« PE Clear .00
Lr.s Arnteles. .2a.txt 76 60 W Clear .00
Ml TamaJpaie2».K4 74 4H S\V Clear .00
North Head . ..lO.^ ?*) 54 TN' Cloudy .00
Phoenix 29.O8 103 7« SW Clear .CO
Po-atello 2S.74 S*5 r.2 W Clear .'fl
Portland 2».<x» 7« T<9 NW Clear .(0
Red Bluff 2fl.7S J«4 t~2 FE Clear .00
P.c*eburg 29. B2 *2 r.2 N Clear .00
Sacramento ..29.*0 S4 R4 S Clear .00
Ss.'t I^ake ...2fl.72 !>•> C6 X Clear .00
Pan Francisco 23. S>4 5S T>2 W Clear .CO
f I. t>bis;>o. .2 1 '. 02 7C M W Clear .00
i-an Diego ...29.»'» 72 C2 NW Clear .00
Sattle 23.!>S 74 r<4 SW Clear .00
V f okane 29. 7« K 52 PW Clear .00
Tatoosh 30.00 r>4 4S B Cloudy .fiO
Walla. .23. 76 S2 fl« SW Clear .r«t
¦Wirneaaucca. .2fl.76 SO 54 tv C/lear .or»
Vurna 20 .CO 102 78 SW Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure eanttaua low over the Pacific
Slope. Over the Sntermountafn country a tnod
«rate depression <xi*ts and thunderstorms are
r»-i>ortPd in Southern Utah. Northern Arizona
¦tad Northern Ttxes. High northm-est winds
hi- rei*rted at Xlodena an3 high southerly
winSs at El Paso.
The uttiperature continues «'.ightly below
the normal throughout California.
Forecast made at Pan Francisco for thirty
boon, ending mi<2r.ight. August 13:
Northern California — Fair Thursday: light
northerly winds in tht interior; fresh westerly
win<1g on the ooaM.
Pouthern CaUfomla — Fair Thursday. *x<-ept
Fhowrs in the mountains; light southwest
wind*.
Nevada — Fair Thursday, except showers in
¦outhern portion.
fa« Francisco and vicinity — Fair Thursday;
I!*rrt northerly charging to brisk w*»B«erly
w.nd. ALEXANDER G. MrADIE.
District Foreca'ter.
Daily Crop Bulletin.
For th* twenty-four hcur» endinc S p. m..
l^'ih meridian time. Ran Francisco. August
2 2 3 '£ C <
UasM 2 s ¦!«!
;9»J j »o "SIS
ETATIONa r 3 i-=? 3 " ?
' l ? MM M
Kureka f-4 SO T. Clear NW L*
Freeno 1<>O .'A ... Ci^ar \V Lt
Hanford 109 B7 ... Clear
HfttlffW 7S 43 .•.. Lt.Fos," ..
Ir.dcj^r.dence ... B8 ?« ... Cloudy SE 16
King City ?1 43 ... Clear N St
Uvermore *S 49 ... Clear
I>f Ar.Kcl«« 7C M ... Clear NW 12
¦.. „ 77 S3 Clear B
Newman 1<X> S3 ... Clear
Palermo »4 51 ... Clear 6
Pr-rtprvtlle W «5 . .* Clear NW . .
lied ttfuff 94 «2 ... Clea- SE 8
KlvertMe *& W ... Clear
hacretr.ento 54 ... Clear S 10
f\*n Uifgo 72 •.'2 ... Clear NW 12
:*n Fraodaco... r.S .'.2 ... Clear W 22
«=«_i Jo»* "7 f.I ... Clear
6. L. Ohiepo 76 63 ... Clear W ix .
Santa Maria 75 &tf ... Clear W Lt
hanta Hosa 7« M ... Clear
Fto^kton M 57 ... Oar
WiJlowj. HI 57 ... Clear EE Lt
WEATHER AND CHOP CONDITIONS.
WIIIowf — Grain Felling rapidly.
HoUH** r — J*»rley crop much above the arer
;t< Whe«t crrip light.
Hanford — Peachy drying in full blast, all
t*rklr.g-house» working full time.
Stockton— Firrt crer*** fhipptd East yrster
day. Quality very good.
Llvermore — Grape prcepects continue very
favorable.
Palermo — All cling pf-«fhes «r<? J>»lng
• . ?— ! and sent tr» rannerie«.
Ranta Rc«a — Crop conditions uncharted.
Hanta Maria — Grain harvest not throuah till
5<pptMT>b*T 1. Weather Etlll favorable for
growing crop*.
ALEXANDER O. MrADIE.
Section Director.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — $4 83 H
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86V4 :
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 87^
New York Exchange, sight — 7Vi
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
: Silver, per ounce — 64%
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 42
Wheat and Other Grains.
! WHEAT— Chicago opened at a decline and
closed at an advance. Armour was a heavy
seller. New York reported 30 loads for export,
with a healthier export situation. Foreign
cables were weak.
There was no change in this market worthy
of note.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 4501 60; California
White Australian. $1 M)@l «0; Northern Club,
$1 45@1 60: Northern Blue Stem, $1 55@1 57%;
Oregon Valley, $1 624.
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m. .
k Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$1 45 $1 45% $1 45 $1 45^
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close/
December ..$1 43V4 fl *« r »% ** $1 45%
BARLEY — Futures recovered somewhat, but
'the cash grain was quiet and easy. The mar
ket was tame and uninteresting.
CASH BARLEYS
Feed. $1 Ki'iiHl OCVi; Shipping and Brew
ing, $1 l^Vittl lTVii Chevalier. »i iwjjl -to for
lair to choice. • •
FUTURES.
EeMlon 0 to ll:.".O a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$1 04*4 fl !'f> $1 04% ! $1 04%
2 p. mV* Session.'
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ..$104% $105 $104% $1 C5
OATS — Like the other cerrals. ure quiet and
I not n.ati riuily chansed. The finer and cleaner
oftVrinBS are meeting with » K rowln S demand
for seed and are iirmly held in consequence.
Wnlte. *1 2'Kftl 30; Blurk. $1 12^y'l '¦i'tVi.
i Red. $1 lSVttfl 17Vi for common ami $1 20®
. 1 21 «4 for choice; liray. nominal.
COUN — Wliilo the demand at the current
. hlKh I'licrs in not bh«rp it i* puftli-ient to ab
sorb the rami'lt's. aixi the mark<-t rules firm.
California larsre Yellow. >l 37 '-^.i 1 U^<^; small
round do, *1 7<inl 7. r >: WhitP, $1 5. r >; Egyptian,
[$1 4Sf7l 50 fcr White and $1 4'J<gl 45 for
Brown.
RYK— $1 17'itfl 2."> per Ctl.
UUCKWHEAT— $-' 25fe2 .V) per Ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOURr-Callfornia Family liitras, $4 CiCU
4 *»T> usual terms; Bakers' Extra*. $4 , r >0fe4 BO;
Oregon and Washington, $3 \Wa I 20 per bbl
for family and $8 1X><&4 40 for Bakfrs.
M1LI>STI.'FKS— -Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 60 jier 100 lbs; Rye
I Fiour. $3 25; Hye Mo«l, $3; Iticc Flour, $7;
Corn Meal. $3 ."0; extra cream do, $4 25; Oat
Greets, 54 50; Hominy, $i 25ft 1 50; Buckwheat
Flour. $4 Z>Q$H 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 70; Fa
rina. $J CO; Whole Wheat Flour. J3 75; Rolled
Oat*. l(bl«. $7«}S dOj In sacks, $« &0©S H»;
I'earl Barley. $0; Split 1'eas, boxes, $7; Green
Pins, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
The demand for Feedatuffs Is rrportcl quiet
er, but the market continues strady. There is
no change in Hay. which is still in heavy re
coipt.
Tho clrt-ular of Somers &. . <"o. says 'of Hay:
"ltojcelptK of hay have been heavy again. 6100
Ions having arrived during the past week. In
comparison with .VtOO for tho weet! preceding.
The situation c-ontlnuos practically unchanged
in every •*«>'. Cars have' become more plenti
ful, as was evinced by yeHtortluy'n arrivals of
113 cars. Matters have steariieri down some
what during the past week, for there hns been
but little activity throughout the country and
dealers have been busy disposing of their
purchatrs or. the market hero. An to the fu
ture very little of interest can he reported,
for at present tl-.ore is nothing In sight -to help
<li/termlne future values. Sump little Inquiry
from outside diKtilctH has been, noted, hut this
Is not at it 1 1 unusual. It looks as though , wo
would have nothing. beyond, our usual demand
unless It will b" a continuance of our last sea
son's demand along the Coast, which does not
aggregate any very groat quantity. The lum
ber industry is thrivlnK and as long as it
remains eo the Coast ports- to the north, of. us
will draw on us for more or less hay.
"Tho bulk of prenont arrivals still continues
to be medium grade hay. which causes us to
believe that the choicer lots are being held
for storage. Hollister and Llvermore, which
are our districts for best grado hay. are send
ing practically nothing to market. Contra
1 Co«ta County Is shippins freely and all the
counties bordering on the bay are sending
in their hay crop by schooner quite plenti
fully."
UltAN — ?2» 5Cfi2r> .10 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $27© 30 per ton.
SHORTS— J^ffi-'S per ton.
FEEDSTUKFS— Rolled Barley, $2.1(524 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mllK $2G<&::0 50- Job
bing $27027 GO; Cocoanut Cake, none here-
Corn M«al. $«U iVXfm 50; Cracked Corn, $:i4©.J5;
Mixed Feed. $2:;©J4: Horse Deans. $30 per ton.
HAY — Wheat. $11«X13 50; Wheat and Oat
$10«il2: Oat. $1)@12 50; Parley, $0®ll; Clover,
$8 50<tfll; Stock. $SCfu; Alfalfa, $8(310 50 per
°STRAW— 50®COc per bale. ,
Beans and Seeds.
Less demand for Beans was reported yester
day. Prices stood as before.
BEANS — Bayoe, $."!$?•'{ 60; Pea. $3 25; But
ters, $3 25; small White. $2 «5©3 10; large
White, $2 65©2 00: r Pink $2 85<g3 10; Red.
$2 $>0@3: Lima. flJ 25<ff.» 50; Red Kidneys, nom
inal: Blackeye, $2 C5fc2 00 per ctl; Home
Beans. $1 25@1 35.
SEEDS — Drown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $1 7p@l 80; Canary.
r>6A%o for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape
l%<a'iYic: Timothy.- 0©^Wc;. Hemp, 3V;@3y<jO
per lb; Millet. 3®3J5c: Broom Corn Seed. $200
D^IED PEAS— Green. $1 S0@2 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables:
-Receipts of Potatoes were moderate ' and
prices of good stock were maintained under
a continued steady demand' for local use and
shipping purposes. The receipts Included much
small unripe: stock, which dragged at easy
rates. A few small consignments of. Sweets
came In and found quick sale at firmer prices.
Onions were plentiful and easy at the pre
viously quoted rates.
Receipts of Tomatoes were light again and
prices had a further advance. The high
prices, however, checked the demand and there
was -quite a surplus unsold at tho end of the
day. Receipt! of Green Corn were liberal and
consisted chiefly of poor:, and wormy stock.
Fancy offerings 'alone were firm.* Bummer.
TACOMA, Aug. 12— Wheat — Unchanged.
Bluestem. S2c; Club, 78c. . .V' <
. . OREGON..
PORTLAND. Aug. 12.— Wheat— Walla Wal
la, 77©79c; Bluestem, 80ff82c; Valley. 80c.
Squash was steady, although some dealers with
large stocks were quoting an easy market.
Fifty cents per box was the ruling price for
Cucumbers. Egg Plant and Bell Peppers and
trade was active. Poor stock moved slowly
at lower figures. Okra and Chile Peppers were
in free supply and easy. String, Wax and
Lima Beans were well cared for at steady
prices.
POTATOES— New White. 8Oc0*l 35 per ctl
in sacks and $1 25@1 75 In boxes, with some
fancy higher: Early Rose. 75c®$l; Garnet
Chiles, $1@1 15: Sweet Potatoes. 3©3^c per lb.
ONIONS — 70@85c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn, $1@1 50 per
sack: crates from A lamed*.. $1 25® 1 75; from
Berkeley, $1 25; Green Peas. 3@3^c per lb;
String Beans, 2@3c per lb: Wax. 2@a>Ac: Lima
Beans 5®4c per lb; Tomatoes. S5c@$l 25 for
large boxes from the river; Summer Squash. 25
@40c per box r- Cabbage. 75c®$l per ctl; Car
rots, 75c@$l per sack; Cucumbers. 40@50c per
box; Garlic. 2@3c per lb; Green Peppers. 25®
40c per box or sack for Chile and 40@50c for
Bell: Green Okra. 60@65c per box; Egg Plant.
40@50c per box; Marrowfat Squash. $20 per
ton.
Poultry and Game.-
The Poultry market was well supplied. A
car of Western came in and the receipts of do
mestic stock were heavy. Fine, large, young
stock moved freely, but poor, scrubby Hens
continued to drag at easy prices. Some large re.
tailers were holding off. expecting a decline
owing to the heavy receipts, but wholesale
dealers were firm In their views and prices
were maintained.
Hare and Rabbits of good quality sold off
well and Hare were quoted higher. Doves ar
rived freely and continued weak at the re
cently reduced quotation. \
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, nominal; Geese,
per pair, fl 25@1 60: Goslings, $1 50@l 75:
Ducks, $3@4 per dozen for old and (4@5 for
young; Hens. $4®5 60; young Roosters. $5 50®
7 50; old Roosters, $4 50®5; Fryers, $484 50;
Broilers, $3 50@4 for large and $2 50@3 for
umall; Pigeons, $1 60@l 75 per dozen for old
and $1 5001 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Rabbits. $1 23®1 75 per dozen; Hare.
$1 50; Wild Doves. 75c per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
These three markets continue dull and fea
tureless and quotations show no Indications of
varying one way or the other, as the receipts
about balance the demand. Dealers are- unan
! lmous In reporting the market extremely dull.
Receipts were 48,700 lbs Butter, 818 case*
Eggs and 12.400 lbs Cheese. „„.,,.
1 BUTTER— Creamery, 24©25c: .dairy. 22H«
23c; store Butter. 17®2Oc; Eastern, 22®22%c.
CHEESE— New, 12!&;l24c; Young America.
14S15c; Eastern, 15»£@l«c; Western, 14®
15c per lb. ¦ ¦ , ¦ '
EGGS— Ranch. 27>/4® ! 2Sc for largo white se
lected and 25@27c for good to choice; store, 18
(S24c; Eastern. IS^j 21c per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
" With the exceptfon of ripe Bananas every
thing under thla head, was in ample supply.
and as there was uracttcally no demand for
shipping the market had an easy tone. Re
ceipts of Pears and Peaches from the river
were light and' consigned chiefly to canners.
The latter purchased freely of choice Egg and '
Green Gage Plums and " also of freestone ,
Peaches. Bartlett Pears in bulk were steady.
CholCti wrapped stock from Martinez was firm
at a slight advance. Scattering lots of Apri
cots were received and found ready sale at
good prices. Nectarines were offering and
cleaned up quickly. Figs arrived too late for
the regular trade and. sold at easier rates.
Supplies of Plums in small packages were still
limited, but as there was -no shipping demand
prices ranged lower. The market was over-
I loaded with Apples and Peaches and only strict
ly choice offerings commanded the top quota
tions. Prices of Melons' stood about as previ
ously quoted, with supplies of all kinds tar In
excess of the demand. . There were liberal re
ceipts of Grapes, chiefly poor and sour stock/
and there was a general decline In prices. It
was difficult to obtain 'more than 75c per box
I or crate for anything except fine Seedless from
! Hanford or fresh Tokay. Attractive lots of
Berries found quick sale, but the common run
of offerings were poor and moved slowly.
The market continued practically bare of ripe \
Bananas, the recent arrivals being mostly
green. Mexican Limes were easy, but prices
were no lower. The Panama steamer arrived
with 413 cases. Oranges and Lemons were dull
and featureless.
STRAWBERRIES — Longworths. nominal; :
other varieties. j::&i~> per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $5@8 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— $2 5OS4 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 7@Sc per lb.
APPLES— !s5cfc$l i>er box ter fancy, 5O@75c
for good to choice and 25<340o for common;
Crabapples, 23@50c per box.
PEARS — Bartletts. fi5c4}$l 15 for wrapped;
large op**n boxes, 75c4?$l for No. 1 and 40@
COc for No. 2; to canneru, $15@35 per ton.
FIGS — 00cQ$l Der box.
PLUMS— 50®75c per crate and 35@50c per
box; large open boxes. bO^TIn:; to camwra, «.v>
©25 per ton. - '. . ¦ .-,...,
NECTARINES — 75c#$l per crate for Red and
50<{*<;f!c per box for White.
APRICOTS— $14?1 25 for large open boxes.
PKA<"HES — 2r»-$3Uc for pmatl Iwxcs and i'f($
60c for large; to canners, ?15if20 per ton; .bas
kets from the river, 15£*25c.
MELONS — Cantaloupe*. 7.Vig$l for small
crates and $1 2j$1 fiio for larg« crates from
Winters and the river: Nutmeg Melons, 35®
r><ii' i"T box nr crate; Watermelons, ?v>i}l«i per
hundred.
GRAPHS— S*>edl<-fS. 40{jfi0o per box and 75c
S»$l p«r crate: Muscat, K3<Si»0e per box or
crate; Kontainebleau. 36&0OC per box or crate;
Tokay. 75efi$l per box: Hlack. 4<>fr7r>o per box
or orate; 'Kweetwater In large open boxef. 75
©OOo.
rjTKUtf FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1 50Q 1
2 50 per box; Seedlings, $1<*?1 25; Valenclas,
$1 30<f«>;; fat. Ml'hael, $2'g3: Mediterranean
Sweets, $1 2.".<f|l W; lemons. 60c$$2 50; Grape
Fruit, $1$'1.25; Mexican Lime*. $4©4 TiO; Ba- ¦
nanas, per bunch for Central American
an d — _. for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $1 5o<&2 50
per dozen.
Dried Fru its,Nuts,Raisins,Honey.
NEW FRKIT — Apricots, C4 l §9c tor Royals
anil OftlOc for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples.
O'.iSO'/jc; Peaches, 44tijc for fair to good
stoc k • ' I'ejys. nominal at Ift
OLD FRUIT— Evaporated Apples. 4@54c;
pun-dried 3®4c; Nectarines, 4«»5c for white.
Plumb. 4<gt'c for pitted and lfJlHc for unplt
ted- Fig*. BS6<Mo for black ami 4#Sc for white.
p'nUNES— 1902 crop; 2%©27«c for the four
eires with V>©le premium for the large sizes.
RAISINS-^1902 crop are quoted as follows:
2-crown loose Muscatels. 50-lb boxes. S'.ic per
fb-'3-crown, 5%c; 4-crown. Oc; Seedless, loose
Mu«ratels 6c: ge»d!ess Sultanas. 5o; heedless
Thompson* 6V.c; 2-crown London Layers, 20
lb boxes $1 40 per box; 3-crown. 51 00; 4
crown fancy clusters, 20-lb boxes. $2; 2-crown
Dehfsas, 20-lb boxes. ?2 50; «-crown Imperials,
20-1'.} boxes, $3; Seeded, f. o. b. Fresno, fancy,
1-lb carton.". 7"V;c; choice. ?,%& ¦
Nl TTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 12VaQ13c:
Vo 2 lOUOUMo: No. 1 hardshell. ll^OlSc;
I so' S lOfSlO'^c; new Almonds, lie for Xonpa-
I relis lloSp for I XL. 10'<c for No PtusUl
' tra and S&c for Lan?uedoc; Peanuts, f.®7c
for Eaetern; Pecans, ll!gi::c; Cocoanuts, $4 60
fi5
HONEY— Comb, new, 12V-<&13Vic for white
and lie for amber: new water whlt<» extracted,
6i£«at>c; light amber extracted, 5#5Vic; dark.
BEESWAX— 27®29c per lb. .
Provisions.
Chicago was lower on the day, with stocks
Ftlll incrcasinir and receipts of Hogs l»rg«r. TliU
mavkat is running along smoothly at former
nricei" with no particular activity.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 12V$e per lb for
heavy 13c for light medium. 15c for light,
15'ic for extra light. 17>4c for sugar-cured and
isiAc for extra sugar-cured; Eastern sugai
rurpd liams 15»ic: California Haras. 10»ie;
Mess Beef, fll MM?12 per bbl; extra Metis, $12
ti\" 50- Family. $i:t 5<»; prime Mess Pork, $11);
ixtra clear. 42~<; M«ss. $20; Dry Salted Pork.
lU*c; Pig Pork, $23; Pigs' Feet, $5 23; Smoked
Beef 13c p<"r lb.
LAUD— Tierces quoted at 7ftc per lb for
comuound and loigiO^c for pure: half barrels.
wre . IOi4eiO*ic: 10-lb tins, 10%@llc; 5-lb
tins' 11 «<.e- 3-lb tins, 11VU'.
roTTOLENK— One half barrel, 9%c; three
half barrels OMjc; one tierce. 0%e; two tierces.
UVic; fiv * tierces. O'ic per lb.
Hides, ' Tallow > Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Cull* and brands sell
about me under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steer* 10c: medium. Oc; light. 8c; Cow
Hides' 8c for heavy and 8c for Hpht;
Stars' 6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal, UVic;
Salted Calf, 10c: dry Hides. 16c; dry Kip. !3c;
drv Calf, 18c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 25g3Oo
each- short wool. 40050c each; medium, 70©
ooc- long wool, fl®l 60 each; Horse Hides. »aK.
*¦» 76 for large and »2 25«2 60 for medium. $2
tnr small and 60c for Colts; Horss Hides, dry.
«1 75 for large and $1 60 for medium. $131 25
for email and 5Oc for Colts. Buck Skln«— Dry
Mexican. 3214c: dry salted Mexican. 26c; dry
Central American. S2Hc Goat Skins— Prime
Angoras, 75c; large and smooth. 50c; medium.
3 TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4V4@4%c per lb;
No 2. 4fli4Vic: grease. 2W©3c.
WOOL Fall clip — San Jonquin Lambs'. 0©
12c- Foothill. 10©12c; Middle County. Ilftl3c.
Quotations for spring clip are as follows: Hiim
boldt and Mendoclno. 18@2rtc; Nevada. 13®16c;
Valley Oregon, fine, 18@10c; do, medium. 17&
18c: do. coarse. 10®17c per lb. , *
HOPS— 1H018C to growers and 18®20c from
dealers to brewers.
Meat Market.
There" is no further change in Cattle, Sheep
or Hogs. Supplies of all are ample for current
ne€dB : DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealer*
BEEF— «#7iic for Steers and 5®<Jl5c per lb
VEAlr^-large, 7©8c; small. »©0Hc per lb^
MUTTON— Wethers. 8C»c; Ewes, SQSVtc per
pound. . ¦ • "
LAMB— Spring. 0#®10c per lb. -;.¦¦'. \
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 8Wfl!Htc per lb.
I LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The" following quotations are for good, sound
the export of the new crop is In progress.
The weather bureau's weekly summary on corn
yesterday added to the encouragement caused
by the monthly report published the day be
fore. In thV generally brighter outlook hopes
were expressed cf a good bank statement, al
though there was no very obvious foundation
for this in any known department. Late In
the day the market came under the influ
ence of a flood of rumors affecting the dispo
sition of the £eaboard Air Line, it Ik «lgnl
ficant of the change in sentiment that a prop
osition which promised large addition to an
already large- volume of securities failed to
caus« the chill of apprehension which the
market has shown at all recent suggestion of
•the creation or the new securities. 'i'n« leader
chip assumed by Rock Island. In the late
I movement foreshadowed the announcement just
! before the close of a deal for Seaboard Air
, Line by Rock Island. The gains reached from
: l'io points far the principal active stocks and
more than that for specialties. The market
closed very strong and active.
The general tone of the bond market was
strong. Total sales, par value. $2,900,000.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 58.300 6S% f>o*i . ..
Atchison pfd 4,700 8t» 86$, SS
Baltimore. A Ohio.. 18,100 bl*i bv^ b.".-
Belt A Ohio pfd... 400 Stf>* »«* feeVj
Canadian Paciflc .. 6.000 125*4 124^ 124*»
Cent of New Jersey. 3O\> lo'J4 15S I&Bn
Chesapeake A Ohio. 2,200 3OV, 30>A 30 T *
Chicago & Alton.. b00 2U} 4 20ft 20 V»
Chi * Alton pfd... 300 «24 *>2ft 62V*
Chi & Gt Western. 6,100 15** 14* 4 15Vjj
Chi & Gt W B pfd. 700 30Va 28 2S
Chicago A N W.. SUO l«0 15s hi 159
Chi Term & Trans 10
Chi T & T pfd 900 19% 18 I»»>4
c. c. c & st L... i.2w> «a» es «j*^j
Colo Southern .... 1.500 14 lJVa 13 : ;*
Colo bouth 1st pfd. 900 4UH 43^4 *'•>
Colo South 2d ptd.. 4,800 20»4 19 20
Del * Hudson l.sOU lWVi 155 101
Del. Lack & W 240
I Denver & Rio G... 400 22^ 22^ 22 X
! Den & Rio CJ pfd.. 1W0 75"* 74V 4 74» 4
Erie 46.000 27 25«» 26'*
I trie 1st pfd 10,000 MH «5 Uti'i
• Krie 2d p:d 2.000 41*^ 47% 4J
I Great Northern pfd 1«J5
Hacking Valley ... 1.200 «S! 8 OC^i tiis%
I Hocking Val pfd.. l,«00 t>2 fcO 82
| Illinois Central 2.UO0 130^4 129 llS»>,a
I Iowa Central 200 18V, 18 17
I Iowa Central pfd.. 400 35 34*4 34
Kansas Cuy South. 1,100 •JUVg 11"^ 20 !
K C South pfd ?*)0 35 34Vs 3tt
Loola & Nashville. 7.7UO 103ft 101 103^1
Manhattan L 3,000 132 131 132V,
Metropolitan St Ry 5,«X)0 113 112 112^
Minn & St Louis... 1,000 f.i 1^ &o'4 M
(Missouri Pacific ..37,^00 91*, b'J% 91«» '
M, K & T 6O0 18^8 17^ lS*s '
M. K <& T pfd 2.100 39 37& 39
Nat RR of Mex pfd 600 37% 30 37 % \
New York Central.. 8,700 120% 1VJV A 120^ J
Norfolk fc West... 5,200 Cl^ CH» 01 M
Norf & West pfd v S5
Ontario & Western. 4,700 22 M, 2Ui 22
Pennsylvania 34,1*'>O 123H 121!s 123«^
Pitte. O. C & St L. 1.100 00M, 6S 604
Reading 63.200 51% 48% 51V,
Heading 1st pfd .. 200 &*>' 8<> 79»i |
Reading 2d pfd ... 1.000 67»i 67 C5
Rock Island Co... 44.400 24 21'.^ 23% J
Rock Island Co pfd 3.U00 61Vj 58«i CIVi
£t L 4 S F lit pfd «5S i
St L & S F 2d pfd. 1.800 48 40 47%
Rt Louis S W 1.100 14H Vi% 14H,
Ft Louis S W pfd. l.:M)0 2«>i 27 2s %
Kt Paul 3U.000 138 »i 13«% 1.-J8H
St Paul pfd 400 170 169 1«*»£
Southern Pacific .. 22.WW 43'-i 42Vj 43%
Southern Ry 12.600 2**4 194 2<>4
Southern Ry pfd.. 900 81H K0»i Hl^
Texa? & Pacific... 6.200 25*, 22% 244
Tol. St L & Wci>t. .V»0 lft«i 1«'4 17V4
Tol Et L A W pfd 2<>0 2fl 2»i 27
Union Parift'- 54.wvt 72»4 70«i 72
1'nlon Pacific pfd.. MO S3 Si'i 85
WahaFh 2.P0O 20S. 10% 20
Wabash pf.l * 4.W*> 34 32^4 X>.H
Whwl & Lake F.rKi C'V) 15 15 1514
WUronFln Centrnl.. J.flOO lK»i 17 IS
WtPf-onFin O»n pfd. «WW 38 3G% 3S
Fxr>re5» Comrionie* —
Adams 100 221 221 221
American ". 171
VnitM Ftates 3 r i0 100 ft"»4 105 *
\Y#>M9-Far*r) 195
I!!sf-«>nanenu8 —
Amalram Copper.. 33.300 42»i 4ff.it 42
Am Or & Found.. 1.R00 32% .12^,
Am far & F pfd SI 4
Am Mn?fH Oil 04
Am l-in Oil pfd 1 31^5
Am locomotive .. 2.1*»*» IS 17 17-%
Am Locomotive pfd MO H'^j t&ft K2\
Am HiuPltinB & lief S>.0<>0 44' s 42 434
Am Kmelt fc R prd. 1,100 !H> K)W . 80%
Am Sujjar R»f..,.. 18.JW) m 111% ii.",«i
Answii'laMlnCo.. TOO 72»i T2'i 72
Hrooklyn Rap Trn. 5..VW 4-STi, 41% 42%
i Colo Fuel & Iron 4.V4
Columbus & H Coal 1U) 3"% |5« 15%
OmMlcJatM Gas... P.!>(iO 174% lfii'i 374'i
Ofnrral E!«-tric .. 8,100 ir ' 8 IM 357%
Int^rnst l*ap«*r 11
Internal 1'n.frfT pfd. 100 f£% C5% iJi
Int»=mat I*ump - .... 3S
Intfrnat I'umj) pfj 74
National Riecuit-.. ¦ "Oti . ::.">•% :{."iij o5»<i
Nsttonsl I>>a'l •';<«> 144 l-I'i 144
Nr.rth Amwivan ..- 1,400 77 7"i% 76N,
Parifio Mail .':'•<) 21 '4 21 20%
People's Gas 3,00ft !U»i Kf\^. 94%
Pressed Kt«*l Car.. J.««"<* ::s% :IS :«ii
Pr*-sj!e<1 S tar pfd. 100 7»»,£ 704 7»4
{ I'uKman Pal Car 2W
I Rrfiutlir 8t«H l.H>0 12 11 1 1 «i
j RopuMi? Bteel pfd. aoo <;r.»i es «5u
j i:u»»tifr Goods J««to 14% i::% 144
' Rubier Oooda P''l. 1 ( *» 70 VO <K>%
I Tenn « v *l & Iron.. 8,000 3*»i, W\ aS'J
U H I^Mher 2.0<v» 71; 714 7%
j B S ly-athfr pfd... 2.H") 7<!% / T.V, 7rt%
V H UnWicr 5<<rt 12 JO«i 11 U
V H Jtt:l.»-r pfd... "2W Til S3* r.n
IT S .«l»-*l Sl.«iO 2-: £'. % i^%
1' S Kiw>l p[<l ¦23,800 7<>% ia*!i 7«%
Western Union ... COO 81% ' b'l, 82
Total F Hlr« ...7K2.2<W
UNITED RAILROADS OF HAN* FRANCIHOO.
M;Vi' TORK. Aug. 12. — TSond trapsactlon"?
I'niuil nailroada of San Francisco: 1000 at
*7<J: 10, C«) at $70 00.
. * XF.W TORK BONDS.
L* S ref 2» r^. lot 1 4 'Mexican Cm 4s.. 70
I>0 oup .......l^Sf Uo 1st in--- .... 154
T>> 3» rer lC<i4,Minn & St Ii 4s. 1(7%
Do t-)«i> I0QU. ! M K & Texas 4s. !•<!
I>j new 4s rtg.m j Do 2<is 7«
I*o cup 134 IK V On »rn ;»',js. '.'¦>
Do old I.- rtg.l'tt \K J Cen c«n 5».12<}'i
I>o <^our 10i» [Northern Pac 4s. !*'J%
I)o 5s ree ...1<>14i Do Zn 71
Do <«ov!p 101'ijNorf 4- W ron Is. 37
AtrhisoB g*n 4s. S»sTi!li?adlr.g gen 4s.. «4Vi
Ijo ad.<ui,t 4s.. *74;i't Lft-I M rcn 5s.H0
Dalt & Ohio 4s..lO>» • t I- & S F 4s... J**4
!>o 3V4s 914!»t L. S W Ists... 9-1
Do r-onv 4n ...lOOVil Do 2ds C8
| Can South 2d?...lO0 ;|an A & A P 4s. 75
¦ Central of Oa Jis.KO :l outhern Pac 4s. 85
Do 1st inc .... 73 4 'l outhern Ry Cs... 112
I fhes & Ohio 44s.lO2Vi|l>xas & Pac Hts.113
I (*hl * Alton :»4». 7i> Tol St L & W 4s. 70%
• : n & Q pew 4s. K8% Cnlon Pacifit! 4s. JW%
C M&StP sen 4».lO04 l>o con 4s O2V4
CAN W con 7s. 129 Wabash Ists ....114
C R I & V 4a... 100 Do 2ds 103
CCC&St L gen 4s. H5 i Do deb B 57%
Chi Term 4* 72% West Shore 4«...107%
Colo & South 4s. 84',« W & L E 4s 87 «£
Denver & It G 4s. 0H\i, Wisconsin Cen 4s. 87
Krie rrior lien 4s. 00 MS Tobacco 4s.... R5%
Do gen 4s 81 C F &. I 784
FtfftDC lsts.100 II S Steel 78U
Hocking Vai 4^8.104 Rock Island .... 74%
i Manhattan KK»>; -I'cnnjylvania 05
L & N unif 4s... S8VS1 j ,
NEW TORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 10 fLlttle Chief ...... .06
Alice 17 Ontario 7 00
Rr«ece 15,Ophir 1 60
Brunswick Con 03, Phoenix .OS
Cotnstock Tunnel.. OSiPotosi ... 17
Con Cal A Va 1 25 1 ravage 27
Horn Silver l.OOiUerra Nevada ... «5
Iron Silver ; 1 70 Small Hopes 20
Lead Mile Con .... 02- Standard 2 76
BOSTON STOCKS ANP BONDS.
Money — ' • i - Hlnlns — .
Cmll loana ...4 ©4% Adventure 5%
Time loans ...4l£@tt jAUouez 4%
Bonds — I Amalgamated ... 42
Atchison 4s ©6% Daly West 38%
Mex Central 4s... 70 Blngham 22
Ha 11 roads— Cal & Hecla ....423
Atchison SS'/i Tentennial 354
Do pfd 67% Copper Range ... 42
Boston A Albany. 254 iDom Coal 63
Wall-street Stocks several points higher on the day.
Local Stocks and Bonds inactive, without much fluctuation.
Silver and Exchange rates about the same.
Wheat quiet and featureless. Barley easy.
Oats, Corn and Rye as before quoted.
Hay coining in heavily. Feed stuffs steady.
Less demand for Beans, but quotations steady.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs quoted extremely dull.
Proz-isions lower at Chicago, but unchanged here.
No further change in live or dressed Meats.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables not materially changed, .
Poultry coming freely and buyers holding off.
Fresh Fruits continue to arrive liberally.
ness with Jobbers continues to ro on more
actively with a large number of buyers ar
riving In town each day. While this activity
hao not been reflected at first hands buyers
continue to be Insistent in the purchases they
make on immediate delivery. The continued
advancing curtailment of production makes
the possibilities of promising such deliveries
less bright.
Neiv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Aug. 12.— The cotton market
cloned steady, 2 to 27 points higher on the new
crop months.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.:
CHICAGO, Aug. 12.— CATTLE— Receipts,
19.000, including 2000 Texans; tx>st grades
steady, others slow: good to Prime steers. $5®
5 45; poor to medium, $3 Wai 8<:; stockers
and feeders. *2 50@4 25; cows. $1 6O@4 50;
helfera $1'@4 75; ' canners. $1 50@2 70; bulls,
*2@4 20; calves. $2 50<g0 75; Texas ted steers,
S3 25@4 50; Western steers, $3 50@4 25.
HOGS — Receipts to-day. 37,000; to-morrow,
25,000; left over, 3000; mostly. 10c lower;
mixed and butchers. $5 10@5 75; good to choice
heavy $5 45@6 tS5; rough heavy, $5@5 40;
light, ' $5 40(55 75; bulk of sales, *5 30@5 55.
SHEEP — Receipts. 15,000; sheep and lambs,
steady; good to choice wethers, $3 25@3 75;
fair to choice mixed, $2 50®3 25; Western
sheep $2 75@.J CO; native lambs, $3 25@6;
Western lambs, $4 B0®5 65.
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH, Aug. 12.— CATTLE— Receipts.
1400; steady to strong; natives. $3 85©5 25;
cows and heifers. $1 60@4 &5; stockers and
feeders, |2 25@4.
HOGS— Receipts, 9C66; 10c lower; light.
$5 30©5 52'/i; medium and heavy, $5 10@5 40.
SHEEP — Receipts, 110; active and stronger.
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST LOUIS, Aug. 12.— Wool quiet; medium
grades, combing and clothing, lWJ21^c; light,
fine. lC®18c; heavy, fine, 12<{?15c; tub washed,
20iS29Mic.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, Aug. 12.— Clearings. $777,973;
balances, $149,079..
TACOMA. Aug. 12.— Clearings, $276,776;
balances, $16,035.
PORTLAND, Aug. 12.— Clearings, $639,372;
balances, $85,310.
SPOKANE. Aug. 12.— Clearings. $438,060;
balance?, $91,576.
Northern Wheat Market.
WASHINGTON.
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, . lets SO
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers, SgOc; Cow« and Heifers,
7@8c: thin Cows. 485c per lb.
CALVES — 4@5%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 4c; Ewes, 3V4©3?io per lb
(gross weight). -V i\
LAMBS— Spring. $2 75®3 per head.
HOGS — Live Hogs, 140 to 200 lbs, «Vic:
under 140 lbs. 5^3«c; Sows. 20 per cent off;
Boars, 50 per eent off, and Stays, 40 per cent
off from above quotations.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Grain Bags, 5@5Mc; San Quentln.
5.55c; Wool Bags, 32g35c; Fleece Twine, 7%O
Sc; Cotton Fruit Bags, 6%c, 6%c and 7Ho lor
the three grades.
BAGS — The Calcutta market for Grain Baga
is very firm and slowly advancing and this
market is strong in sympathy. Grain bags, 50
5Uc; San Quentln. 5.55c; Wool Bags. 32&35c;
Fleece Twine, "%@8c; Cotton Fruit Bags, 6&c.
6%c and 7%c f or the three grades.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton; $s; Seattle. $t! 50; Bryant. $6 50; Beaver
Hill. »5 50; Stanford. $7; Roslyn. $7; Cooa Bay.
|5 50; Greta, 7; Wallsend. $7; Richmond. 17 50;
Cumberland. $13 In bulk and $14 25 in sacks;
Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannei. $3 50 per ton; Coke. $11 50@13
per ton in bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions, $S 45 per 2000 lbs and $S 50
per ton, according to brand.
OIL— Linseed, 44c for boiled and 42c for raw
In barrels; cases, 5c more; Castor Oil, in cases
No. 1, 70c; Bakers' AA, $1 lo@i 12: Lucol. 41c
for boiled and 39c for raw In barrels; Lard Oil
extra winter strained, barrels, 00c; cases, 95c;
China Nut, 57%@-ti2c per gallon; pure Neats
foot, in barrels, 75c; cases, 80c; Sperm, pure,
70c; Whale Oil, natural white. 6O@55c per gal
lon; Fish Oil. in barrels, 45c; cases. tOc; Co
coanut Oil. in barrels. 58c for Ceyion and 55c
for Australian.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil' in bulk.
14c; Pearl Oil In cases, 20%c; Astral. 20Vjc;
Star. 20Wc: Extra Star. 2iV»e; Elaine, 2«^c;
Eocene, 23 Kc; deodorized Stove Gasoline, In
bulk 17c; In cases, 23«^c; Benzine. In bulk.
13c; In cases, WMc; 8tJ-degree Gasoline, in
bulk. 21c; in cases. 27%c.
TURPENTINE — 73a per gallon In cases and
67c in drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 69
6',4c per lb; White Lead, &S6HC according to
qU RICE^-China No. 2, $4 32H©4 37^; Xo. 1.
$5 75®5 90; extra No. 1. $6 40®« 45; Hawaiian.
$1 00@5: Japan. $5 35-gO; Louisiana, $4 50-3:7.
SUGAR — The. Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb in 100-lb bags:
Cubes A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.75c;
Powdered.' 0.60c; Candy Granulated,- 3.60c; Dry
Granulated, fine. fi.BOc:' Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.50c; Fruit Granulated. 5.50c; Beet Granulat
ed (100-lb bags only). 5.40c; Confectioners' A,
5.50c:- Magnolia A,, 5.10c; .Extra C, 5c; Golden
C, 4.00c; "D." 4.80c; barrels, 10c more; hai:
barrels. 20c more; boxes. 50c more: 50-lb. bags,
10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half-barrels,
6c; boxen. 6.25c per lb. --.No* orders taken for
less than 75 barrels or its equivalent.
: Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 12.
Flour, qr sacks. 14.61S)Hqps. bales .... *•>
Wheat, centals. 1.2$0jBroom corn, bdls 90
Barley, centals.. 7.035 jTallow. cental*.. 212
Oats, centals... 3,205 Pelts, number.".' 75
Rye centals ... 750! Hides, number..- '400
Beans, sacks ... 820 Sugar, centals... 1,100
Potatoes, sacks. 6. (::}<>, leather, rolls... 19
Onions, sacks... SSOjWtne, gallons... 57,875
Wool, bales .... 308 1 Raisin*, boxes.. 600
Bran, sacks .... i 830 Brandy, gallons. 900
Middlings, sacks 625 Chicory, barrels. 24
Hay, tons 1.04.1
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 13, 1903.
LOCAL MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
Disappeared With Her Money.
Miss Isabel Patrlcola. a violinist at th«
Novelty Theater on Powell street, secured
a wanrant from Police Judge Cabantssj
yesterday for the arrest of Francisco
Alessi on a charge of felony embe«I«
ment. She avers that on July 3 aha *avo
Alcssi $30 to ball a friend out of Jail tod
he disappeared with the money.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
11
AUCTION SALES
£» fe 5a
Auction Sale 120 Horses
August 17, at ii a. m., at
J. B. HORAN'S STOCKYARD,
Cor. 10th and Bryant Sts.
By order of G. H. MEI3S of Montague, Cal..
I will sell at public auction 120 broken and
unbroken horses; also a carload of fine year-
ling and ¦ two- year-old colts.
9. WATKIN3. Auctioneer.THE SAN FB ANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 13, iyci3.
12
HELP WASTED— FEMALE— Con .
WANTED— Cook for 7 boarders. 530, and
chambermaid and waitress, $20, for same
place, Berkeley; no objection to mother and
daughter. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter.
WANTED— For country, cook, plain wash, $30,
San Leandro; housework, 4 in faiplly, Berke-
ley, $20; Protestant girl for housework. 2 in
family, $25, for Berkeley; San Jose, / $20;
Alameda, 4 In family, $25. very nice place;
cook, Merced, 6 In family. $30; East Oakland,
$25; Mill Valley. 4 In family, $25; housework
girl for farm, Solano County, $25; and others.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter.
WANTED— For near San Rafael, after one
month to accompany family to city, a first-
class cook, plain wash. $30. and second girl.
$25, same house; American family of 5. J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
WANTED— Nurse, some sewing, $25, for San
Rafael; nurse for 2 children, $2o, Alameda;
German nurse and second girl, $25; assistant
nurse, $20; nurse, child IV, years old, $25,
American family. Call to-day. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st. ¦
WANTED— Three second girls for San Rafael.
$20 and $25; second girl, Alameda, $20; sec-
ond girl, Menlo Park. $25; parlor maid and
v/altress. $30. San Rafael: Protestant second
girl, city, $25; 4 neat girls for second work
In city. $20 and $25; German second elrl.
Oakland. $25. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 334 Sutter >t. -
WANTED— Cook for boarders, $35; cook for
help's hall. $8 50 a week; short order cook,
$8 50 week; cook, hotel, country. $30. fare
here: mother and daughter as cook and cham-
bermaid, small boarding-house, $30, $20;
cook. 5 men, $25, country. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
WANTED — Laundress for Institution, $30;
hotel laundress, country. $25: working ma-
tron and laundress, boys' school, $30; laun-
dress by the day. $1 75. Apply J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.." 334 Sutter st.
WANTED— German cook, no wash, $35; 3
cooks little wash, $30; housework. »2 In fam-
ily. Ross Valley. $30; city, $30; 50 house-
girls, city. Alameda. Oakland and Berkeley.
$20, $25. $30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 334 Sutter st.
WANTED— 2 waitresses for laboring men's
I boarding-house. $25; waltresn, country hotel,
' $25; 4 chambermaids and waitresses, country
' hotels, $25; restaurant waitresses. $8 a week;
chambermaid, assist waiting, $20; also wait-
ress, family hotel, city, $20. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
GIRLS FOR FACTORT WORK: GOOD
WAGES; PAID WHILE LEARNING;
STEADY EMPLOYMENT; EXPERIENCE
NOT NECESSARY: APPLY AT ONCE.
AMES & HARRIS.
. 100 SACRAMENTO ST.
YOUNG ladles everywhere, copy letters, home
evenings; $9 50 week. Send addressed en-
velope for particulars. Manager Dept. W 9.
box 1411. Philadelphia. Pa.
LADIES to do plain sewing at home; steady
work; pood pay; materials sent every where
free. Send addressed envelope for particu-
lars Du Pont Dept. W 9,.loc box 13S2, Phlla-
. del phi a. Pa.
PICK HOPS — Excursion to El Robles ranch, on
Russian River, fixed for August 18 only, In-
Etead of August 25, as previously advertised;
call Immediately for El Robles tickets; fami-
lies and young: people preferred; heavy crops;
excellent pay; beautiful camps: plenty amuse-
ments. E. CLEMENS HORST COMPANY,
122 Battery st.. S. F.
WANTED — A woman of some refinement as
working housekeeper; no washing or window
cleaning. Apply personally at 417 Fair Oaks
St., bet. 25th and 20th, Guerrero and Dolores,
from !i until 2 p. m., this day only.
PAPER box makers; experienced hands wanted
for steady employment In good shop. T. N.
HIBBEN CO., Victoria. B. C.
WANTED— Young girl to assist with care of
child 1U years of age; sleep home. Call the
Atherton. 1661 Octavla St.. room 7.
A LADY free from home cares can secure per-
manent position as traveler for city firm by
addressing, at once, box 3342, Call office.
WANTED— Competent girl for cooking and
downstairs work; also girl for second work.
Call botween ;> and 3. 2101 Pacific ave.
WANTED — A girl for general housework and
cooking; family of 3; good wagea. 2405
Webster st., near Pacific ave.
WANTED— Experienced girl for cutting off
goods in wholesale millinery house. Apply
HOLM & NATHAN. 512 Market st.
A LADY of Indomitable energy to make money
and a convincing talker. F. PERSON. 477
and 47S. Parrott building.
NEAT young girl for general housework; two
In family end baby; car fare. 539 Scott et.
WANTED to-day, girl to wait table; wages $20.
Hotel Reglna. 416 Turk St.
YOUNG girl about 14 to 16 years to assist In
light housework.- 010B Devisadero st.
OPERATORS and finishers on waists; good pay.
JUDA BROS.. 320 Market st.
HAND finishers on ladles' waists. 656 Mission
St., third floor.
WANTED — First-class jacket hand for ladles'
tailoring. ROTHBERG. 410 Ellis st
GOOD makers for millinery. 130 Sixth st.
GIRL for light housework; no cooking. Apply
1307 Jackson at.
PANTS finisher and operator; also cirl with
some experience In operating. 245 Seventh st.
GIRL for second work and waiting, with ref-
erence. . 1018 Franklin St., between 10 and 12.
WANTED — Woman who has had experience in
taking care of children, to take charge of a
baby about a year old: this Is a good place'
for mire one who appreciates a good home;
state age, experience and salary expected.
Apply box 3U15. Call office.
GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall season:
trade taught from start to finish In one month
for $5; positions guaranteed at $10 week up.
Eve, school only. 143 Stockton st.. rm. 13.
WANTED — First-class manicure and hair-
dresser for outside of city; none need apply
but experts. Call at St. Nicholas Hotel Fri-
day at 2 p. m. ¦ - - '
WANTED — A girl in a physician's office; state
age and extent of education. Address box
3329. Call office.
WANTED — Operators on women's and chil-
dren's hand-made worsted skirts. MARKS
BROS.'. 1220 Market st. '
ITALIAN lady who can speak English wanted
to travel. Apply Girls' Directory. Central
ave. and Waller st.
RELIABLE girl for general housework and
cooking; small family. 3639 17th. nr. Dolores.
WANTED — Girl for bookkeeping and typewrit-
lng. Breusa' Cafe, 70 Third St.
GIRL for plain cooking and assist in house-
work. 1444 O'Farrell st., upper flat.
PANTS finishers wanted at 27 Geary st. ; union
wages. _**
GIRL to assist housework; Mour adults. 2073
Bush et. ..
EXPERIENCED hands on silk waists: steady
work and good pay. Konlgsteln. 28 First st.
LADY of good address to. represent htgh-grada
magazine; good pay. 59 Columbian building.
WANTED — Fitters stitchers and table girls.
Apply Eastern Shoe Factory. 134 Main, st.
MANGLE . and Inexperienced hands at CAS-
CADE LAUNDRY., 175 Tenth at..- city.
WANTED — 20 experienced •' cherry pltters.
FLEISCHMANN & CO..- COS Front St.
ELDERLY German Catholic woman for house-
work; |7 per week. 1071 Market st. r*
WANTED— Women to work In cannery. Apply
.-- Webster st.. near ¦ McAllister. - . •¦ ..
TAILORESS as pants , finisher and apprentice.
,5% Kearny at., room 17, ton floor. .; '
HELP WANTED — MALE—^Coa.
Cook, few men, hay press, ;;0c fare. $T.O fd.
German, work, city stcne cellar. Sit) to $50
Cook. 12 men. ranch. 50c fare, fc;5
2 boys, learn tllesetiins. city. *.:_¦ 50
Milker and wife, Colusa County, Sr.i/ found.
Walter. Santa- Cruz County cafe. $rj found"
Porter, city wholesale house. $40.
Pond man. lumber company, fare paid $70
3 furnace men. mine, north, $75
:< carmen, mrne. north. $«0.
Logway man. also sawyer, south «90 found.
Bottle and can washier, city, $Sf.
Cook, 5 pecple, this is good. $3o and found.
12 laborers, track men, ?'_ 25 day"
Best Places At MURRAY & HKADY
Best Wagea At KM-tStt Clay 'su
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S
Employment Agency*
429 Bush St 642 Clay St
Hello Grant 1S5
Shipping Day To- Day; Free Fare for
Caspar Tunnel Mendoclno County
Laborers, teamsters, tunnelmen. brldgemen,
$2 25 to $2 75
Steamer Sails To- Day
..Chatsworth Park Tunnel. L. A. Co.. Cal..
Machine men. drillers $3, $;>
(Bonus 25c day remain until work is done.)
...; Free Fare for All Above
Sawmill crew. "North." $40 to 5*0 and found
Brickyard crew. $:J5 to $45 and found
2 camp blacksmiths. $3O and found, party
here
10 lumber pliers, near city, 25c hour, party
' here
Farmers. $1 50 day; mlddle-eged man, clerk,
country store, $30 and found; man about
place, private place. $35 and increase: gar-
dener, private place. $35 and Increase: mld-
Ide-aged watchman. $12 a week; boy to fire
boiler. $1 day
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Meat and pastry cook, country hotel, $75;
second cocks.' broilers. $50 to $85; third
cook. Eureka, fare advanced, $35: French
chef. $125; steward and wife, $50; 4 waiters,
railroad lunch counter, $10 a week; 2 waiters.
Santa Cruz restaurants. $40 and $45: dish-
washers, kitchen hands, porters, bellboys,
elevator boys, porters, etc., $15 to $40
2 nurses. Institution, $30 tc*$35, beard, room.
and washing
C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S Employment Agncy,
429 Bush st 642 Clay st.
WANTED — 2 errand boys for this office . .
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st.
A FEW reliable young men can secure . profit-
able employment by calling. 10 t*> 12 a- m.,
or writing. 027 Market St., room 308, S. F.
A MAN of Indomitable energy and push. *
good talker, eager to make money. F. PER-
SON. 477 and 478 Parrott bids.
BARBERS — Elegant fixtures of 3-chair shop:
hydraulic chairs; swell combination case: a
bargain. DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis.
WANTED — A good general blacksmith. As»-
ply 26 Montgomery St., room 14.
DISHWASHER wanted at 8 Hayes st.
GQOK wanted. 434 Fifth st.
MACHINE hand stock cutter In cabinet shop.
618 Third st.
WAITER wanted. 261 First st.
BOY 16 years to learn trade: references. Car*
son Glove Co., 123 Second st.
BOY for office. Apply Wasp. 506 Mission st.
TRY our men's eboes, union made, at $1 pair:
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
mail charges. 11 Third St.. Examiner bids.
WANTED — Young man about 18. who lives at
home, to fill a position as clerk in a juvenile
furnishing goods department. Apply to S.
N. WOOD & CO.. 74» Market st.
A GOOD underpresser on vests; a steady po-
sition to an experienced person; also a younjr
man to learn underpressins. Apply S. N.
WOOD CO.. 27 Geary st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, haa
added 10O new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 25c per night.
WANTED-r-Boy over 16 years of age residing 1
with parents to run elevator; wages $2(> per
month: references required. Address W. J..
box 3330. Call office.
WANTED — A first-class coat and pants maker
at tbe Presidio Post Exchange: military
workers preferred; first-class wages ajBkl
free shop.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 p*r
pair, fcot-form shoes at $2 50. or orthopedic
shoes. $3 50; best s»hoe3 on earth. It Third
st.. Examiner building. 5 doors from Market.
BOY wanted— Apply after 9 a. m. to CHAS.
LYONS, London Tailor. 721 Market St.. at
the Steven*on-st. entrance. . --
WANTED — An active young man in a x iWiole-
sale wine business; must have some expe-
rience In bottling. Address box 3U2O, Call.
CAPABLE and experienced teacher bookkeep-
ing and penmanship ; must be good penman.
California Business College, 305 Larkin st.
TV'AXTED — A first-class all-round unholsterer.
Apply Wakefteld Mfg. Co., 461 and itiU Fourth
st.. Oakland.
TRY our men's shoes, onion made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
mail charges. 11 Third st.. Cxamiser bldg.
CLERK for grocery and bar. Corner Sutter
and Larkin. L-v- s ft?
WANTED— Office assistant willing to work 12
hours a day and Sundays. Box 3317. Call.
PORTER wanted in oyster house. 469 Seventh
St.. OaUlanii.
FIRST-CLASS saioon porter wanted at 154!
East st.: call early.
WANTED— Jewelers, at 17 Lick place. Llcle
House.
1-CHAIR barber outfit for sale cheap. 303 1_
Broderick St.. near Oak.
COATMAKER for country^ REISS BROS. *
CO.. 24 Sutter st.
WANTED— For the U. S. Marine Corps. abl»l
bodied, unmarried men. between 21 and 33s
good character; must speak, read and writ*
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-war
In all parts of the world, on land In our Isl-
and possessions, and at naval stations la t_«
United States. Apply at recruiting efflce, 40
Ellis tt.. San Francisco. Cal.: 222 H N. Mala
st., Los Anseles. Cal.. and 401 K st.. Sacra,
mento. Cal.
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition In 3. T m
Barber School. 741 A Howard »t.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. . HERMAN'S. 28 Steuart st.
600 MEN to buy new and ?d-hand army ahe«a.
50c up; soling cheap. 923 Howard «-. nr. St_
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. room 40. PheUa
bids. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Po»t.O.A.R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third rX. near Mar.
ket — 700 rooms. 35c night; reading roomj]
free *bu» and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been- established at 109S
Valencia st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 23c
to 50c. 563 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES AXP lVAGOXS.
ON account oC going: to balld. entire stock oC
wagons, buggies and harness must be sold at
sacrifice. Corner 15th and Valencia su. _
RARE chance — 1 good horses for sale chea>
327 Sixth st. __________
ONE fine buggy, fruit wagon, cart. 2d-hand:
ptw laundry wagon, cheap. S2S Harrison at.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagoa
and rocart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
II O USESTO^LET-
A PRINTED list of houses to let: send for
circular. O.H.VMBSEX & CO.. 14 Montgomery
BEFORE moving ret our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post it.
HOISES TO V ET— F L RX I S H E D.
A WELL~~furni»hed house, piano, lo rooms;
verv sunny fine location; 1373 Masonic »v».
Apply MADISON & BURKE. -0 Montg. st. '
$575— 6 ROOMS and bath, furnished complete:
gun ail day: rent S-°»7 50. 200 Hydg. cor. Turk.
- iioyrs to _et.
LOFT to lease — 1*>6 Mission St.. NW. corner
of Annie; Usht loft of 4000 square feet; pas-
genger and freight elevator service: will lea')
for a term: rent reasonable. SHAINWALD
BUCKBEE & CO.. 218-220 Montgomery st .
. Mllla building.
__ iJoST AXD FOl'XD.
LOST— A pass book with the Hibernla Savins*
and Loan Society of San'Francisco. In th •
name of LOUIS COTTON. No. 271-1415. Th*
finder will please return to bank. /
LOST— Ladles' hand bag. pun? Inclosed:
Golden Gate ave.. between Ortavla ant. -
Jones tts.; reward. Box £{35. Call.
LOST— Diamond shirtstud. valued aa keepsake.
Return to office Royal House; reward.
LOST— August l-\ ladies" gold bar pin. set with
three diaraor.aa. l^>jt.j p o u »t. ; reward.
LOST— Tall, white poodle: one blaek ear; namn
Dcwey: reward. 102 Powell st., H.ARHY
LOST — In park, near Kutro entrance. ladv't
gold watch: monogram A. J. N. 1«_7 Van
Ness ave.; reward. * . »* a .
HELP WANTED — FEMALE— Con.
GIRLS ABOUT, 18 YEARS, TO RIVET
! I ¦"¦->,".- .-- ; - ,- ¦ ¦ •—¦—____¦¦ - - -"- -,¦- O
OVERALLS.
STEADY WORK. PAID SALARY.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32^ FREMONT ST.
MR. DAVIS. _^
WOMEN and «lrls wanted to work on frnlt
and canning; steady work; highest wages.
Apply California Canneries Co.. Brannaa
et.. between Third and Fourth.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY;
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'d
FACTORIES. 32% FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; steady
employment: day and piece work; highest
wages. CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO..
Bryant and Tenth.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions haa been established at 1096
Valencia st. •¦-.'-•,.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch of flee. 2200 Fillmore st.
.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
520 Sacramento st. Phone Main 1191.
Free Fare— WUlits— Uklah Route— Fee $1.
20 teamsters and laborers, $2 25 day.
NEW WORK— NEW CAMP— FEE fl.
10 drillers, $2 50; 10 laborers, $2 25 day.
No Discount. Special Cheap Fare. NORTH.
BOSS HERE TO-DAY— BUTE CO.. CHICO.'
80 laborers, teamsters, woodchoppers and
rockmen, $67 60 to $75. HALF FARE. FEE
$1. GO TO-NIGHT.
Tuolumne County, $1 50 fare, balance free.
20 laborers, mills and yards.
STEAMER SAILS TO-DAY— FEE fl. .
CASPAR— BIG TUNNEL— FREE FARE.
50 teamsters, laborers, drillers, $2 to $2 75
• day— FREE FARE— FEE fl.
SAWMILLS,' ETC.— MISCELLANEOUS. ,
20 laborers, mills $2 40; 20 lumber pliers,
$2 25; screw setter, $3 50 day; 10 crosscut
sawyers, $52 and found; 20 laborers, mill,
Humboldt County, cheap fare. $35 and found;
3 men handle R. R. ties, big tie camp, $40
and found; tt younjr men, sash and door fac-
tory, $1 50 to $2 25 day: 20 miners, $75; 100
laborers and muckerss $60 to $75.
SANTA FE R. R.— 10 trackmen. $2 25 day;
6 laborers, $2 25 day, near city; $1 fee.
BIG TUNNEL-^8-hour shifts.
20 muckers, $67 50; 20 tunnelmen, $82 60:
second cooks, $45: 3 fruit thinners, $32 50 and
found; third stableman, private place, boss ,
here, $25 and found; 2 handy men, ranch,
$20 and found; 2-horse teamsters, hop
ranch, $;:0 and I found ; 3 farmers, $30 and
found; dishwashers, kitchen hands, etc.;
union buggy washer, country. $50 to $55 and
lound; milker and wife, $50 and found; dish-
washer, mine, $25 and found. Come and read
our Bulletin Boards; also get a free list of
Jobs at the PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT
AGENCY. 520 Sacramento st.
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
59 Third St.. nr. Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
Section hands, Coast line and all' parts of
California.
S. P.'S OWN WORK.
FREE FARE— FREE FARE.
50 section men, $1 CO and $1 70 a day.
BUTTE COUNTY— CHICO.
60 teamsters and rockmen, $2 50 day. -
60 laborers and axmen, $2 25 day.
COAL MINERS.
FREE FARE— OREGON.
25 miners, $1 a ton.
6 woodchoppers, $1 50 cord.
5 miners, single hand, $3 day.
5 muckere, ?2 50 day.
FREE FARE. - FREE FARE.
11 tunnelmen, $2 75 a day.
11 teamsters and muckers. $2 25 a day.
11 laborers. $2 a day.
~No discount. No hospital fee.
5 mill hands. $30 to $65 a Month and board.
CASPAR— MENDOCINO COUNTY.
2 lumber pliers, near city, $35 and board.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY, 6!) Third st.
COACHMAN. $35 and found; gardener, $35 and
found; 2 choremen, $15 and $20 and found; 2
farmers and wives, ?40 and $50 and found:
farmers, s.*$t) month and $1 25 day and found;
milkers, $30 and $40 and found; stableman for
country, $S5 and found; 2 sheep herders, $30
and found; 2 jobbing blacksmiths and shoers,
$3 day; blacksmith helper and floor man,
f $1 50 day and board; miners, $3 da'-; quarry-
men, $2 25 day; woodchoppers for mine, $1 50
cord; laborers for mines and quarries. $1 50
day and board and $2 50 day, and others. J.
• F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
BUTLER. $35 to $40 and found; cook and wife
for Institution, $50; restaurant second cook,
$«0; elevator boy; porter, $9 week; board-
ing-house waiters; night pot washer. $30;
kitchen man, $:iO. and others. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 028 Sacramento st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
Broiler, $00; bell boy. $10; porter, $25;
waiter for helps' hall, $25; pantryman, $50.
PICK HOPS — Excursion to El Robles ranch, on
Russian River, fixed for August IS only, in-
stead of August 25, as previously advertised:
call Immediately for El Robles tickets; fami-
lies and young people preferred; heavy crops;
excellent pay; beautiful camps; plenty amuse-
ments. E. CLEMENS HORST COMPANY,
122 Battery St., S. F. /
WANTED — Bright young man of good address,
between 17 and 19 years of age, to learn the
dry goods business. Apply between 9 and
11 a. m. at HALE BROS.' ,
WANTED— Man who has had experience In
pressing ladles' tailor-made cloaks and suits.
•Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.'
WANTED — Wagon boys. Apply between 0 and
11 a. m. at HALE BROS'.
WANTED— Accurate and experienced account-
ant and collector; country town; middle-
aged, married man preferred; must be sober**
steady and not afraid of work: salary $125;
$5000 bond required. Address, giving refer-
ences and particulars, Alaska, box 3341, Call.
FACE massage a specialty, 40c; manicure, 23c;
shampoo, etc., 10c; at your home; ladies and
gentlemen": I give best references: first-class
work. MR. MELCESCO. 909 Ellis st.
WANTED— Educated young man to learn our
business and take responsible position when
qualified ; $000 per year; first-class references
required. Stoddard Lectures, 210 Examiner
. . building.
WANTED — 2 young men,, age 15 to 17, to
learn trade In factory situated close to San
. Francisco; must be bright and willing. Box
33il. Call office.
YOUNG men everywhere, copy letters, home
evenings; $9 50 week. Send addressed en-
velope for particulars Manager Dept. W 9
box 1411. Philadelphia. Pa.
BARBER shop; 2 chairs; 4 living rooms at-
tached; old stand; ¦ no opposition; can be
bought cheap. Full particulars STOLTZ, 723
Market st. ¦
WANTED — An experienced, .cutter - for wo-
men's and children's w"ear; factory; wagea
$90 per month. MARKS BROS., 1220 Market.
WANTED — First-class salesman of jrood ad-
' dress for fur store : coofl opening for right
party. -..; MAX HOFLICH. 107 Grant ave.
WANTED— Rough j carpenters and laborers.
Apply room \ 14, , 26 Montgomery st., San
Francisco Construction Company.-
WANTED— Experienced salesman for dress
goods and domestics. .Apply superintendent's
office, The Emporium.
BOY about 16; extract department: $4 50 start
Apply PAUL RIEGER. 161 First st. ¦
IBl_-_--^_^-^ft|liKI-Wlllll^W'_lW>M-«l_.-Jlfrg aff_r^._JL____WML________V___p_^__B
1 -> HELP WANTED— MALE — Con.
MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st. Phone Main 5S4S,
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Our office half block long; 14 clerks tmP'.oyed.
By our own printing plant we publish a
free bulletin of labor nightly; ready for dis-
tribution 7 a. m.; also noon and evening
editions. Get one.
THIS IS WHAT
MADE US FAMOUS.
We Know >'o Distinction Between Man and
Man.
YOU ARE ALL EQUAL.
YOU ARE ALL WELCOME.
1002 W« Gave 1003 We'll Give
45,000 Men Work. 60,000 Men Work.
We ship you Free to one.
Free to-day. ' - Free to all.
— — — » ' ' '-. ; \
Ogden Utah, All parts Nevada.
Los Angeles County, Santa Barbara,
Chatsworth Park, Hawaiian Islands.
Santa Susana, Oreson.
San Fernando, Washington,
Lo 8 Angeles County, 1 Central America,
Arizona Willits. Uklah,
And AH Points North, Eaat. South.
Including Ogden, Utah.
Carpenters and helpers, pile drivers, fence
builders, drillers, single, double and machine
men, corner and bench hands, muckers,
chuck tenders, car dumpers, teamsters, la-
borers, track men, cooks, waiters., black-
smiths, etc.. $5. $4, $3 50, $3. $2 50. $2 day.
Free fare. Free fare. Free fare.
Everybody talking-. Thousands going.
Are you? Are you? Are you?
MURRAY 4 READY.
634 and 636 Clay st.
GOLD. SILVER.
COPPER, COAL.
26 machine miners, southeast mine, $30.
08 single and double hand miners, $90. $82.
86 'timber furnace men, also muckers, $30,
$75, $60 and found. ¦'_
16 car men for good mines, $45, f 60 and fd.
COME AND SEE. /
263 laborers, no experience wanted, locate-
everywhere, $75, $60 and found.
NEW TUNNELS, OLD QUARRIES.
237 single and double hand drillers, also la-
borers, located all over California, $80, $75.
$00 and found. COME SEE.
FARMS AND DAIRIES.
33 milkers and butter makers. $40, $35, $30
and found.
ISO ranch hands. $45. $30, $26 and found.
THRESHING OUTFITS.
38 men about threshing machines, you'll do,
$45 and found.
26 hay balers, located all over. 20c. 25c ton.
BIG WAGF.S. GOOD JOBS.
FOR STABLES, 2(S men, $C0, $70, $50. $35 fd.
FOR CHORES. 39 men. $35. $30. $20. $15 fd.
Coachmen, gardeners, private family men,
sheep herders.
MARRIED HELP WANTED.
Waiter and wife, country, $55 and found, ex-
ceptionally good job.
8 farmers and wives, cook and wife for mills,
woods, mines, etc $40. $50, $60 and found;
come see; WE'LL TELL YOU.
MUST HAVE 'EM.
263 laborers and teamsters, located all over
California, excavating, mills, factories, grad-
ing, etc., some in San Francisco, $2, $2 50
day.
BOYS. BOYS. BOYS.
16 boys to learn trades, work in factories,
$5. $6, $7. $9 week.
LOOK AGAIN.
16 brick burners, boss here. $45 and found.
12 brick wheelers, boss- here, $35 and found.
16 brick setters, boss here, $2 50 to $3 day.
26 laborers, brickyard, boss here, $60.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
RAILROAD'S OWN WORK.
154 laborers to lay track and ballast work.
$67 50 month.
THEY WANT YOU.
DIAMOND MATCH SYNDICATE OF NEW
YORK— COST $1.
1S6 teamsters and axmen. $75.
186 laborers. $67 50.
186 drillers, rock, hammersmen. $70.
LOOK— NOW— TO-DAY FREE.
26 HEADERMEN. TUNNEL, FREE FARE,
$82 25.
FACTORY— EXTRA GOOD— $60.
16 laborers; you'll suit; steady Job, near city;
$60.
BORDERS OF OREGON FREE.
25 two-horse teamsters, lumber company,
free fare. $50 and found.
' SHAS.TA AND SISKIYOU COUNTIES.
26 laborers: you'll suit: lumber trust, $72 50.
2 screw setters. $105; 15 off bearers. $?2 50.
25 laborers, pile lumber: you'll suit; $82 50.
16 crosscutters for woods, $60 and found.
26 boys for box factory; anybody will do;
$32 50 and found.
TUOLUMNE GOLD MINE REGIONS-
FREE.
65 laborers, anybody will do, R. R. fare free,
$42 and found. •
North— GET ABOARD THIS BOAT— Free.
27 laborers, lumber mills, yards, etc., fare
paid, $35 and found up.
AS WE TOLD YOU— TO BUTTE— $1.
196 teamsters, laborers and axmen, $75.
FREE — OREGON — FREE.
SO woods and mill men. regular Oregon big
wages— WAGES.
FRUIT PICKING— AS YOU LIKE IT.
53 men. you eat fruit, you can pick fruit,
fare $1 $26 and found.
ARE YOU A COAL MINER?
155 coal miners — OREGON — FREE FARE.
WILLITS— URIAH- FREE FARE.
26 teamsters and laborers, others going — Are
you ? $75.
DO YOU KNOW? FREE FARE.
On every train we ship to S. P. Co.'s own
work. (All, yes all. divisions.) Laborers,
extra gangs and section hands. Free fare.
SANTA BARBARA BY THE SEA.
155 laborers, free fare. $45 and found.
MURRAY & READY,
; *T34-636 Clay st.
MECHANICAL.
READ CAREFULLY.
9 bench hands, $3 50: tt helpers, j bench job,
$60; country jobs.
lfi rough carpenters, fare $3; 6 months' job,
• $75 to $90.
12 plain carpenters. 60c fare, steady Job, $90.
BLACKSMITHS.
34 blacksmiths and helpers, located every-
where. $90 up.
ELECTRICIAN FOR MINK. $90.
16 coopers, lie barrel; 2 carriage makers $4.
8 brick molders,.$3 50.
6 machinists. Aseayer for mine, $6 day.
Sandstone quarry man. £3 day up; stonema-
son, country, $60 found. ¦
BUTCHERS.
6 all-round butchers. $40. $60. $70 found.
3 experienced factory butchers, across bay,
$3 day.
" helpers, slaughter-house work, fare $1, $30
' and found. • •
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
WHERE ARE THEY? "
86 LUMBER TRUSTS AND SYNDICATES
LOCATED IN FOUR STATES.
MANAGERS HERE. TWO TERRITORIES.
FREE— FARE— FREE.
005 laborers, no experience wanted, $35 to
$70 and found.
186 experienced mill and yard men, $40 to
$150 and found.
:is:i woodsmen, $40 to $150 and found.
Stlckermen. Tallymen.
Spool tenders. Machinists.
Buckers, trackmen. Line pullers.
Blacksmiths, wood turners, barkers, car
loaders.
Tree fellers. Jack screwers.
Log loaders. Shlnxle sawyers.
Dolbeer loggers Carriage setters.
Swampers and trimmers. Gang edgermen.
Saw fliers.
Pond men, band sawyers, carriage doggers,
sorters, graders and peelers, chain tenders,
shingle packers, also jointers, chute build-
ers. $40. $50. $60. $70. $80. $90. $100 to $150
month and found.
386 woodchoppers. tiemakers, shingle, post,
picket and box bolt makers; tools and pro-
visions found.
BIG L MURRAY & READY.
TRUSTS. 634-63C Clay st.
NEW RAILROAD WORK.
15B Italians. FREE FARE.
155 Greeks. FREE FARE
155 Austrians. FREE FARE.
Board yourselves; managers at our office;
see them .
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. ETC. ~~~~
37 cooks, all over California. $90. $80 $75
$60. $50. $40. $35 and found, for hotels!
mines, sawmills, camps, ranches, cafes res-
taurants, saloons, harvest outfits, etc. -'crisp
maker. $10; porter, city store. $40; second
cook. mine. $40; also waiter. $30; steward
$50 and found.
18 waiters. *.T5. $40. $30 and found
30 pot and dish washers. $35. $30. $20 and fd
.18 bell and 'elevator boys, porters, bedmak-
rrs $30 to $15 and found,
fl butchers. $40. $50. $C0. $30 and found
12 laundrymen. all classes, $18 week up"
0 bakers' helpers. $55, $40. $30 and found
12 boys, learn trades.
* We publish a free bulletin of labor dally
containing 10, COO positions; get one
MURRAY ft READY
- 634-636 Clay st
SPECIAL BY MIDNIGHT ¦" " "
MAIL. PHONE AND TELEGRAPH
Blacksmith. 25c fare. $3 day.
Cook, threshing outfit. 20 men. $12 week fd
Baker, city Institution. $40 and found
Cook, ranch, fare $1. $50 fd.. extra good lob
BANKING SYNDICATE
2rt fruit pickers and handy men, fare $1
$26 and found. . .
Laundryman, fare paid, north; 3 porters $30
and found. ' T
4 laborers, factory. 10c fare, $•> d av
"3 carpenters, fare 60c. «" ; d *
SPECIAL. . * day
12 men. warehouse work, fare $1 $•; rf av
EXTRA SPECIAL CITY
12 laborers. Oakland. $45 tounct
2 camp blacksmiths, camps. $50 found
Boy. drive derrick fork. 50c fare, $25 found
Plasterers, 5c yard or $5 day. country
Baker's helper, near city. $25 and found
Sheet Iron worker, city, $.". day.
Stableman, lumber company, country $25 fd
Blacksmith helper, city. $2 day.
2 ax men for lumber company, ' $50 and fd
2 cappers, country cannery. $2 day.
Bench capper, country cannery. $2 day.
2 men, hopflelds, fare $1,- $32 50 found.
Cook and wife, orchard, boss here, $65 fd.
Butcher, shop, fare 70c, $30 and found.
Butter maker, Monterey Co., $.'!5 and found.
.Bartender, Dorter, fare 30c. $5O. .
1 Sll verman, also dishwasher, cafe, $C0 found.
¦ mini <i»Pi)w_— i in fi_ ¦ ¦¦__—¦ a-i_____l
EDUCATIONAL — -Continued.
CALIFORNIA Business Collegs. 305 Larkin st.
"A thorough school"; positions Becured for
graduates; modern methods; individual in-
struction. Write for illustrated catalogue.
THE Berlitz School of Languages has removed
to 1000 Van Ness ave.; rates reduced durlnx
eummer. Send for catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil, dec. min.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1S64. Van
_er Nalllen School, 113 Pulton, nr. City Hall.
STSTEM. discipline and results; the Golden
Gate Commercial College, Van Ness and
Golden Gate aves.,S.F.;nlls every requirement
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonla Hall, Howard
St.. near Ninth ; management Prof. Foster.
I PIANO and German; pupil of Lelpslc Conser-
vatory; lessons 75c and $1. 340 Golden Gate.
AT Kingsland Art Shop — Drawing, painting
and buj-nt work. 1184 Halght st,. near Lyon.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTIXGTON'S. 424 Pine st Night class
BI'ANISH Academy — Professor Arribas; classes
day and evening; private lessons. S34 Sutter.
LESSONS given in Water Color or Oil Paint-
lng from Nature. CURRIER, 372 Sutter st,
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 MissIon.nr.Cth.
Chicago Business- College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Plttman shorthand, typing, bookkpg.. $S mo.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore-.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post «t.; tel. Bush 135—
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nlshes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chlnese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 67S2.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 415
Stockton; tel. Grant 16S; expert, reliable help.
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Seung's. 411% O'Farrell: tel. East 4gg.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 318 Stockton; Main S188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1897. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED ftE3IALE.
TRAINED nurse, with knowledge of bookkeep-
ing, speaking French and English, desires
position tn physician's office or any light oc-
cupation. G. A. R.. 1259 O'Farrell st.
YOUNG colored woman wants position as first-
class cook or general housework. Call 310V4
O'Farrell st.
YOUNG girl wants position as second girl;
speaks German; neat sewer; some knowledge
of hairdresslng; city or country. Box 4U79,
Call office. . |
YOUNG Swedish girl would like situation to do
general housework in a small family. 714 :
North Point st., bet. Hyde and Leavenworth.
STEADY and reliable woman wishes second
work and waiting at table in private fam-
ily. Apply 431 Eddy st. i
WANTED — A position to nurse an invalid;
massage treatment. Apply 34 Clyde st.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT "WANTED — MALE.
FOREMAN for vineyard, thoroughly acquaint-
ed with winemaking, superintending cellar,
field and orchard. wishes position. 101
O'Farrell «t. ;
A REFINED, good natured old gentleman, :
eminently respectable, good habits, unln-
cumbered. desires a position aa companion.
Box 3333. Call office.
YOUNG man with experience In office of
wholesale grocery desires situation. Box
3332, Call office.
COACHMAN, single, wishes position with pri-
vate family; best of Eastern and Western
references. Box 3337, Call.
MACHINIST, steady, all-round man, wishes
employment. J. HAMPSON, 204 Second st.
ENGINEER — First-class stationary steam en-
gineer, also is a first-class electrician, de-
sires a situation in city or country: has all
tools; first-class references; married; speaks
English. German and Spanish. Box 4998.
Call office. -
EXPERT gas engine man and all around ma-
chinist wants position; also being good sales-
man can represent you satisfactorily here, but
prefer Mexico; references and Dun's ratings;
no bad habits. Box 1007, Call office.
BOOKKEEPER and accountant wishes one or
more sets of books to keep; afternoon or
evening; competent to straighten out any class
of accounts: city reference; terms reasonable.
Box 4t»e. Call office.
A GOOD barber, elderly man, sober and steady,
would like situation In the country or city.
Address WILLIAM WALTHERS. 1925 Polk
et.. San Francisco.
SITUATION wanted — Middle-aged man; stew-
ard, ccok, or general house and outside work;
small country club or family; suburban lo-
cality. Address box 4675, Call office.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper desires permanent
situation: rapid and accurate" worker; good
references, including present employers; not
afraid of work. Box SOS, Call office, Oakland.
RELIABLE young man wants to deliver goods
for a store; will furnish good horse; work 7
hours a day. Saturday 12, for $12 a week;
bond If required. Address box 4677, Call.
BRIGHT, energetic, strictly first-class young
man desires to represent reliable firm as col-
lector ur solicitor; speaks English and
Swedish. Address box 809. Call, Oakland.
RELIABLE, trustworthy man wishes position
on private place; care of horses, cows, etc.;
capable. Box 4674, Call office.
HOUSE painter. Eastern man, wants work;
small jobs and contracts taken. Address
Painter, 1121 Webster st.. city.
FIRST-CLASS office man and collector wants
position. Box 3313, Call.
CHINESE, excellent, first-class cook, wishes
position, ft'."> per month; meat and pastry
cook, hotel, boarding-house or private family.
$40 per month: give good references; satis-
faction. «_'_ Sacramento st. ; C. W. F.
GOOD Japanese bdy wishes situation aa a
schoolboy: speaks' English. Address A.
MATS U WO. 807 Polk st.
JAPANESE wants position . as schoolboy,
couple of hours, or day work. Ring Green
_Ti0, H. J., 317 Mason st.
JAPANESE first cook wants place do kitchen
work. 832 Clay St.. rear. Oakland.
FINANCIAL. ~
COMPANIES Incorporated and financed; stock
and. bond Issues guaranteed, underwritten and
¦oldr stock accepted for services. Sei.d for
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATES
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post.
FLATS TO LET.
HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list; ser-
vice absolutely free; take advantage of this
department; It will save you -time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 215-251* Geary
St., on tbe square.
CORNER Noe and Elizabeth ets.: new, sunny
flat on corner, 1050 Noe st.; modern Improve-
ments; convenient to Twenty-fourth and Cas-
tro-st. cars; rent reasonable.
A 6UNNT corner upper tt-room flat, basement;
half block from Market st.. within 13 min-
utes' ride of Golden Gate Park: Castro and
- Eighteenth-st. care. S943 Seventeenth st.\
TWENTY-THIRD, 4077. corner Castro— Lovelj
lower 4-room flat; $18; water free.
POLK, 2500. cor Filbert— Lovely sunny corner
flat. 7 rooms; marine view; rent $35.
SACRAMENTO, 2H50-2800 — Swell, sunny 7-room
flats; just completed; seen to be appreciated.
TO iet— Flat of four rooms: 18&7 O'Farrell.
HOOKER fc LENT. 14 Post St.
TWO new flats, 5 and 9 rooms. Beaver Bt.. be-
tween Noe and Castro.
4 NICE rooms, bath, toilet, yard, cellar, gas;
adults. 1017 Geary -t. . - ¦ ; -
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
SMALL, refined family can get a sunny fur-
nished flat in a most desirable locality rent
free for owner's board. Box 4907. Call.
FLATS FOR SALE — FURNISHER.
A NEWLY furnished flat of T roorns~~and
bath at a sacrifice; owner going East; rent
$25. Call at 966 Oak st., 11 to 12 a. m.. or
7:30 to Op. m. : no dealers.
FURNITURE WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT, 77.J Mission, phone Red 44G2,
buys, rents. Vepalrs. packs furniture, carpets.
HELP WASTED FE.MALE.
A WOMAN to keep house and cook for 8 men
$30; 0 cooks, $3() and $35; 3 housegirls, $30-
a number of second girls, $25 each; house-
keeper. $15; woman with a child, $15. 'MRS.
NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
A — 3 NURSES, institution, mental cases; coun-
try; room, board and washing;-" S35; c. It.
HANSEN & CO.. 429 Bush st.
HAIRDRESSIKG, manicuring, massage, hair
work; removal of superfluous hair taught
frcm A to Z in 2 weeks for $4 50; positions
guaranteed; $10 tq $20. per week; school day
and eve. 233 Geary, r. 13; maids prepared.
A — LADIES, learn all branches halrdresslng
trade; manicuring, massage, etc.; 1230 Mar-
ket St., cor. Jones, room 04; positions secured
at highest wages;- day and . eve. class; call.
COMPETENT nurse for baby: 'must sleep
home. ., Apply forenoon, 1767 Broadway.
SAX FRAXCISCO CALL.
RUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
RRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
:W0 Hayes street; open until 8:30 p. m.
»J» McAllister ttreet; open until 9:30 p. tn.
C15 Larkin 6treet; open until 9:30 p. m.
li«41 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
22C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
JOtS Eleventh stieet; open until 9 p. m.
K9S Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.^
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
_200 Fillmore ftrect ; cptn until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
A STATED communication of «— l
Terba lluena Chapter No. I. J I
Rose Croix. A. and A. Scottish _OLD j
Rite of Freemasonry. will be "Pi j
held In Commandery Hal!. Ma- JTJ
sonic Temole. on THURSDAY M
EVENING, August 13. 1903. at IJ
H o'clock. Decrees Sixteen and •—
Sevtnteen- " _ .,
HARRY J. LASK. W. M. and P. M.
HENRY BURNER. Secretary.
tlXSSIOlK Chapter No. -79. R. A. 11. —
*P-K'.al meetinc THIS .THURSDAY wX-
EVENING, 7:30 o'clock. M. U. De- 1CX
crcc. Bv order of the H. P. / » »
JNC. It. HILLMAN. Secretary. j
CALIFORNIA Lodre No. 1. F. and A. JB
M.. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) VSf
EVENING. Aucust 13. at 7:30 /VN |
• •clock. Second Degree. By order of j
the Master. FRANKLIN 11. DAY. Sec
MOUNT MORIAH Lodge No. 44. F. and «
A. M. — Officers and memi|rr» are r *''V\r
«i|irctfu!!y requested to assemble at thf /\r\
Temple 'FRIDAY, AugUFt 14. at 2
o'clock p m., for the purpose of unending
• the obsequies of Brother WILLIAM PER-
I FY RAYMOND late a member of Keith
I^odjre No. 187, Gilroy. Cal. Bf order of the
\V. M. " THEO. FROLICH. Sec.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 1?«. F. anJ A. ft
M.— Special meeting THIS tTHURS-XQf
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. /V\
First Degree. Masons cordially in-
vited. By order of the W. M.
*. FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO Lcdc-? No. JJ
_]_ V. ar.d A. M-. meets THlSX/y
(THURSDAY) EVENING at 7:::<» /V\
o'clock. First Degree. By order of
the Master E. C. HARE. Secretary.
lX>ni»* Lodge No. 5ML F. and A. M.— _
Si-etiai m.-etlng THIS (THURSDAY) W 1
nVENJXG itt 7 :30 o'clock. First De- /Vl
tree. are invited. By order
of tie ' Master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
STARR KING Lodge No. C44. F. 'ar.d _ !
A. U .U7 Mevifadero st.— Third De->*fVf
cree HOI <THURSDAY> EVENING /VN
«t «i:30 o'clock. Mister Masons oir-
ii:a:iy Invited. By order of the W. M.
A. A. ANDERSON. Secretary. -
ABOU BEN ADHEM LcxJce No.
:tj I. " O. F.— Initiation THl.-^j^sfS&vfe i
¦ THURSDAY) EVENING. A!!=i*5g5a£*?
members requested to be present. «tSfc~*^
C. J. SPEAR, Sec.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 155, I. O. _yi_.
!'- Initiation TH L'Rsr>A Y y_^*ft_^.
EVENING. Aucust 13. Visitors
cordially invited. ~^3R*fc&r
THORNTON THOMPSON, N. G.
.1. S. MEE. Secretary.
THE fan Frano'sco Scottish Thistle. Qv
«'lur. meets THIS (THURSDAY)^. Qk iT?
UVENING. Fraternity Hall, 32 >\VXs5s
<»Farrell tt.. at S o'clock. A full << 8_7t
mundanre requested.
GEORGE W. MILLER. Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. I'ATERSOX, Recorder.
THERE will be a meeting of the Mitsion Park
flub NEXT SATURDAY, August 15. at 8
p. m.. at Mission Turn Hall. 3541 Eighteenth
ft. All people interested are Invited to at- |
tend. t
A WEEKS news for 5 cent*— The Weekly Call.
1«» pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
AGENTS WASTED.
fcVAVTED — A reliable representative fcr north-
ern territory of California, with offices In
S. F. : exceptional opening and liberal terms
to right man. Box 3336. Call.
WANTED — 2 or 3 house to house caavapser*:
good position fcr first-das;* men. Apply at
1114 Washington St.. Oakland, bet. 9 and 12
a. m., room 3.
AGENTS— A new money-naaker. F. PERSON,
477 and 47* Parrott tldg.
AFAR" M£_rrS TO LET.
"EL 'MONTEREY." the city's newest apart-
ment hotel, located on the north side of
Pine st.. between Hyde aad Leavenworth: a
euperb brick building of Spanish architec-
ture; all tbe comforts or houtekeecins com-
bined with the c-onveniences of hotel life; for
$:w per month you can tccure liere an unfur-
nished S-room apartment, consisting of lar^e
living-room with gas grate and mantel, bed- I
room with bay- window and closet; kitchen
equipped with gas range, built-in china
<-lo*et and hot and cold water; bathroom
¦with toilet and porcelain tub <hct end cold
water); this price also includes Janitor ser-
vice eight and day and night and day ele-
vator rervjee; only ten minutes' walk from
Powell and Market; see these apartments I
to-day. I
THE VON XI'DACK, 873 Post— Unfurnished
apartment* of 4 rooms and bath each, in-
cluding free janitor and elevator service;
hot and cold water throughout; Fteam heat;
ocean water for bathe; electricity; a roof
parden and house system of phenes: sunny
and modern. Fcr terms apply or premises
or to SPECK & CO.. C67 Market Bt.
BEAXTTTFClt Haddon Hall. 951 Kady st., bet.
Franklin and Goush : a few high-grade fur-
nished and unfurnished apartments new to
le had; 4 rooms and bath; kitchens unusual-
ly large and have gas ranges: telephone in
each apartment: pas and electric light; steam
and gae lic_t; watchman on duty all night; j
elevator ttrvice day and night; ref. required, j
A WEEKS news for 8 cent*— The Weekly Call.
Ui yr.pft-. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
ATTO II \ EVS-AT-LAW.
!i<JBT/ W. KING, atty-at-la-vv. Examiner bid..
rm. 611; all capes, damages, estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc.; consultation
free; no advance charges'; call or write; even-
ings by appointment. Tel. Red 3001.
ADVICE free — I will advance con in meritori-
ous case*, divorces probate and all other law
ca!-es: no f**>s i n advance; open every even-
_ ing. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market St.. r. 31.
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty :quick,qulei;
no charge without success; established 15 yrs.
O. \V. HOWE 1122 Market st.. opp. Hale' a.
ADVICE free, all cases. R. C ADAMS room
:n«. third floor. Examiner building.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 027 Mar-
ket et.; consultation free; no fees In advance.
AITKEX &• AITKEN. attorneys r« 303-10-11
.flume bldg.. SO:; California gt.; tel. Main 727.
Ill CYCLES— for Sale or Exchange.
FOR SALE — Rambler bicycle. 1903 racer. In-
quire 1413 Stevenson st.
ninps, dogs, etc
YOUNG talking parrots.$5 each ;German singing
oanarie«, ?2; we will try to please you;every- i
thing in our line at right prices. 1546 Market.
UOAUDISti FOIl CHILbfaJESr.
A LADY would like to board come children
KM Fctecm st.
BL'SIXKSS CHAXCKS.
AUE you trying to sell your business? WelL
See H. W. WILFOIID.
Puslnes* Agent.
3 Taylor ¦_, cor. Golden Gate ave.
A— BUNCH OK BARGAINS AT WILFORDS.
M_Joou on Turk bt., near Taylor |20u0
J-iwell ealoon on Battery et., wholesale
district $1250
Saloon on Mission ft.; manufacturing
«Jf*trtct fi.vto
Notion *tore on Fourth st $500
i<aiber fhop and rigar rtore out of city. $1850
jSarbcT chop; on Third Bt irKIS
.'{ riRar etorw «m Fourth st $100 and $:^V)
Cigar *torpF ; on M lesion ft $7;,0
»40 per pay restaurant en Fourth et $WO
A — HOTEL on Kutter rt. ; 43 rooms; with all
• the modern improvement*; clears over $.'M)0
Mf month; elaborate fixtures; r«"nt rfasona-
»>!•»; wcure leaoe; to be Bacrlflcd for $6300 at
WILFORDS. 3 Taylor st.
PpOJ ar.y kind of business, city or country ret
pit llht. MOJ-SMAN. K.V) Market «_
FOR sale— UvriolFtering and carpet c!~-Jiint;
buslne-s; good trade; xickneEs cause of sell-
ing. Box S:'AJ". Call office.
RESTAURANT: seating 52; enap; no Sunday
work; departure. t>06 Fourth st.
FOR saie — A few shares of Pacific States Tele-
phone stock. Box 3305. Call office.
GOOD ealoon for sale. Box 330S. Call office.
Haii-dresslng parlcraicheapivalue In eight: goM
loc-tion; retiring. ll.'C Market, bet. 7th-Stlk
$1550 — LARGE, good-paying restaurant; long
«»stab. ; near water front. Box 3328, Call.
FIRST-CLASS bakery for eale In country town.
Address box 805. Call office. Oakland.
KOIt f*le — Saloon clock and Ilxturet. 117
City Hall ave.
OUTSIDE route No. 4 this paper for sale.
Xnc-lre hardware store, l&tb and Folsom eta.
BUSINESS CIIAXCES — Continued.^
A— - $<;<i?~"s \LOON. with 10 furnished rooms;
place ' surrounded by breweries and malt-
houses: rent Jf-»O; a good business, but dis-
agreement cf three partners Is cause of sale;
lease. Call R. G. WILKE. 2«'4 Kearny st.
A— *125(1- CORNER saloon In wholesale dis-
trict- estab. many years and j known as a
Mrst-claEs, paying business. See R. G.
W1LK i:. 2G^ Kearny gt.
A— *.5-5- RESTAURANT ar.d coffee ealoon. on
Post st • rent $•«>; average dally receipts,
Jl*; a bargain. R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny,
LODGIXC-HOISES FOR* SALE.
100 ROOMS; house for men; rent $140 $4000
PS rooms; south of Market: rent $100. 2000
?1 rooms; corner: part cash; bal. easy. 850
11 rooms; pood income; rent J20 350
21 rocms; water front; rent $40; lease. 850
120 rocms: gocd lease; low rent 6500
C" ntif.; apdrtments;Western Add; rent. 2S0
Money leaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, rcadhous-s. flats. 5 to 100 rocms.
EITEL & CARROLL 212 Kearny st.
A BARGAIN this week: forced sale; 34 rooms;
Market fct.. central; all rented; first floor of-
fices clearing $175: only $2400; easy terms.
PETES-SEN & LARSEN. 1<>53 Market, rm. 1.
$050— ELEGANT colonial flat of 5 r. and b.;
bcautifuly furn.; all new and up to date;
c^st over $1000; piano- cost $-'5r>0 alone; must
sell. Peterscn & Larsen, 1035 Market, rra. 1.
(21 CO 20 ROOMS: rent $125; clears over $100;
snap. MOSSMAX. 850 Market st.
SPIRITUALISM.
RETURNED. , ,
Mrs J J. Whitney, trance clairvoyant
business medium and life reader. 416 Turk
et.. room 2. first floor (Hotel Reglna).
A— ETHEL CRINDLE. special materializing
seance Thursday. 2 o'clock; 50c. 1115 Post.
II ME YOUNG'S convincinc spirit messages
to-night, 10c. 619 McAllister; come skeptics.
K \TIE HEUSSMAX. circle Friday evening,
25c; sittings. 1000 Harrison 6t., cor. Sixth.
MME. 6WANSON. spiritual medium and card
reader. 17 Fourth sU
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readlnzs dally,
9:30 to 4; ceances Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYAXTS.
IH call~at"oxoe and save $2.
My Regular §3 Reading Thia Week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 n
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmihi Ever in San Francisco.
I in hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make ycu no charge if I fall to tell your name,
ooenpattoo and what you called for; I promise
to bell you whether husband, wife or sweet-
heart is true cr false; to tell whom and when
you will marry; in fact, I will tell you every
hope, fear or ambition better than you can tell
yourself. He restores lost affections, reunites
the eeparated. causes speedy and happy mar-
riages, makes you successful and prosperous,*
cures disease and lost vitality without medi-
cine, locates hidden treasures; hours 10 a m. to
*. p.m.: Sundays 2 to S. 320 O'Farrell St.. 326.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner
b:dg. : the reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; If you are In trouble, dis-
contented or not eatisflefl in life, cr have do-
mestic. lov e or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be told how to
overcome them ; valuable advice in all affairs
of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
ings bytnaiL^
CASHMIRE.
THE WIZARD OF THE ORIENT.
Trance medium, clairvoyant and palmist; ad-
vises on love. law. business, speculation and In-
vestments: as a test in the readings she will
tell your full name, address and occupation:
she reunites the separated, causes a speedy and
happy marriage with the one you love; In fact,
she advib«s on all troubles pertaining to hu-
man nature; locates hidden treasures and
mines. 1007 Vj Market St., bet. Cth and 7th.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
Ft., cor. Turk; private readings dally. 10 a.
re. to 3 p. m. : readings by mal! as satlsf&c-
tcry as in person; 3 questions answered. $1;
fell life, $5; Eend lock of hair, date and year
of birth: don't tend currency. S.nd postofflce,
Wtlls-FarRo meney order or reglttered letter.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond eiirht: tells the past, present and future;
ladies, 50c; gents. $1; by carus, palmistry
and clairvoyant e'.ttinc; $1 60. 126 Turk st.
Mr?. A. H. Kronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading. 10c. for
a short time only; when others fail try me to
convince yourself. 402 Franklin, near' Grove.
MISS D. WARD, high psychic, clairvoyant,
palmist; tells life cradle to grave; 50c. by
wail cr person. 217 Eddy s-t,, room 9.
A — Mm* Ravenna reads lif?, business advice;
rcrr.es giv?n; 2.V up. 5 4th Et . near Mtsr-et.
M. BELLE RUSSELL, palmist. 55 Third St.;
latfies, 50c; gents, $1; hrs. 10-9 (ex. Sunday).
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
2G^i Kearny. room 20; ladies 25c, gents 50c.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant cartf reader: sit-
ting* dally. 44'-i4 Jesgle gt.. bet. 5th and 8th.
CARPET-nEATIXG AXD CLEAXIXG.
AIR. compressed, dry, ice cold, Is now univer-
sally used in sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or injury; prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F\ COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call big. : phone Main 5&J7.
WHEN ycu become disgusted with your work
ttnd for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-357 Tehama st ; tel. Bouth 40.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor. 329 Ouerrero et.. tel. Mission 49.
TRY HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating;
mattresses made over. 1432 Howard ;South 216
Al'« A.NCK Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 3t)4. GEH WAI/TIM A CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 263.
COXJvLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating: Works.
S33 Golden Onte ave.: telephone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
DUXLAP FOOT INSTITUTE. 50 Geary — All
ailments of the feet cured: corns, bunions.etc.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
ADVICE free; bad tenants ejected speedily. CO-
LUMBIAN LAW AGCY.. r. 85. 916 Market;
tel. Red U16; collections; gen' I law business.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE for the rent — $12 50 p»r month. S
r. & b.; en Nevada ave.
$20 per month. 5 r. & b., 1245 Sanchez st.
$2u per month, 5 r. & b.. on 26th st. with
a small payment down. Tour friends.
D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission st.
FOR RENT — Cottage of 5 rooms, $15 per
month. 2704 Polk Et.
DEXTISTS.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market. nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plate* made over like new; teeth
from fS pernet; extracting, 50c; gas given.
A NEW plote — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs. ; crown. $.'{ 50; fillings, 50c;
plate?, $5:full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
GOLD filling. $1; silver, 50c; crowns, $2. Elite
Dental In&t., 838 Market; open evenings'.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up; fillings.23c.
GOLD filling:?. 75c; silver, J55c; crowns, ?'-'. no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.HewItt,204 Sutter.
10 PER CENT off thin month: estimates free.
New York Dentists. 069 Mission gt.. cor, tith.
DRESSMAKERS _ SEAMSTRESSES.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
AfConDION, sunburst & knlfe'plaitlng. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.
DYEING AKD CZiEA-OHG.
SEA breezes sweeten all garments, blankets,
lace curtains, etc., done by the Presidio
Heights Dye Works. 3915 Sacramento: phone
for wagon. West 453. H. HICKMAN. pres.
'' EWICATIOXAL.
A— CALDWELL College of Oratory. Acting.
Opera and Authorship; largest in tbe West;
14 teachers; positions guaranteed; fall term
begins Sept. 7; day & evening class; beautiful
new catalogue free. 1295 Market, cor. Ninth.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 12Stt Mar-
. ket; modern, progressive, practical; estab-
lished 15 yean. Greg? thorthand. fastest,
easiest, most readable. Actual business
bookkeeping; typewriter at home free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English tranches;
day and night sessions; lllus. catalogue free.
ATRES, the It ding business college, 723 Mar-
ket Et. ; tpecial summer course in all depart-
ment «; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ship. Jt.0; day and evening aeislons.
HEALD'S _hool of Mines & Electrlclty.24 Pojt
st.. 8. F*ra practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue ¦ tree.
SONG writing: the fashionable fad; learn to
write your own songs; all grade.. 510 Sut-
ter tt., room 59, i) to 4 p. m.
It Is easy. Indeed, to sell land through The Call,
Our readers are thousands, and an ad's seen by all.
If a room you would rent or a place you would buy,
Or you've made up your mind to a lodging-house try.
It's a regular snap that you'll get what you seek : ;
If you give us your ad. any day In the week. •.-. Edward .Clemensen to Anna C. llansen, W
2% feet of lot 57%. all lot 57 and E Zy, feet
of lot 5S%. amended map subdivisions of Moss
wood Tract, Oakland: $10.
Paul C. McCourtney to George P. McCourt
ney. lot on B Hn* of Forty-third street. - 450.26
E of Grove street, E 90 by S 81.25 Oakland:
$10.
Marshall Pierce to J. H. T. Watkinson.t lot
6, block B. map Lincoln Park. Oakland; $10.
' Phoenix Pavings. Building and Loan Asso
ciation to Vincent Laguens, lat on S line of
Thirty-fourth street. 110:3 E ot Market. E 33:4
by S 100. block K.' property Central Land Com
pany (formerly Brown Tract). Oakland; $10."
James F. McCourtney to Annie' McCourtney
(wife) - lot on S line of Forty-fourth street 140
E of^ Grove. E 60 -by S 100, Oakland; gift -
John Daggett to John D. Coughlln, lot on E
corner of Lake Shore and ' Brooklyn avenue,
thence NE 60:1. SE 225:11. SW 60. to Brook
lyn-avenue, thence along said avenue 222 to
beginning. , lots 23 , and 30. map property Capi
tal Homestead Association. East Oakland; $10.
' William W. and Helen A. Deamer to Re
becca E.'Walworth (widow), lot on 8 line of
Bristol street. " 50 W of - Grant. W 50 by 8
125 '. portion range 5. Hardy : Tract. Berkeley;
$10.- " ¦ '-¦ :;•¦ •;•.-•.
¦ Charles I>. . Heywood (single) to same, lot
on SW corner of Bristol aad Grant streets, S
"John Patten as administrator of estate of
Faustino J. dA Vesta and Franclsca 6a, Costa
and Theresa Clausel (by J. B. Lanktree, com
missioner) to Pacific Coast Baptist Theological
Union (a corporation), lot on SW line of Bland-
Ing avenue. 320:6\4 SE of Everett street. SE
45 by SW 15ft, lot 2. block 4, map of Jenks
and Mead Homestead Tract. Alaraeda; 42349.
S. S. . and . Mamie A. Austin (wife) to M.
Sldo*. lot 11. block R. amended map of Moss
Tract: Brooklyn Township; also lot 3, Rio
Grande Tract, Brooklyn Township; |10.
George S. and Carrie J. Montgomery to Carl
Rudolf Crone, lots 10 to 13. block 78. map No.
2. Park place. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Vesta M. Colby (widow) to C. II. Colby, lot
on W line of School etreet. 263.91 S of Atcatras
avenue. S 100, W 114.98. N 100. E 110.54 to be
ginning, lots 14 and 15. block G, Roberts &
Wolfskin Tract. Oakland; $10.
Minnie ST. Morser (Little) to Charles L. Til
ton, lots 1 and 2. block M. map resubdivision
of portion of Roberts & Wolfskin Tract. Oak
land; $10. •
Violet A. and Albert L. Kreiss to Edward
A. Kreiss, lot on S line of Twenty-eighth
street, 19O W of Grove. W 25 by S 10O, lot 24.
block 2024, Map No. 2, Wnrtcher Tract, Oak
land; f 10. ..:-'.•
James S. and Jennie Nicholas (wife) to Cal
vin A. .Shaw, Jot on SW corner of Sherman
street and Twenty-fifth avenue, S 140.6& W
100. S 37. W 34. N 92.25. E 158.87; also lot 5
and N 140.69 of lots 1 to 4, Dow & Thomas
Tract. East Oakland: $10. - ¦ "
Minnie At. Morser (Little) to Charles S. Til
ton, lots 57 and 58, block A, Broadway terrace,
.Oakland Township; also undivided one-half of
lots 1 and 2, block 58, map rerabdivisica of
block 58 and portion of block 51, Endnal, Ala
mrda: flO. •¦ . ' .
Charles Ashton to Ellen Ashtoo, lots 11 and
17, block F. map Tuohy's Second Addition to
Berkeley Subdivision tp a balance as per con
tract of February 13, 190Z made by Charles
Ashton to John Tuohy, Oakland Township;
gift. ' ;
Homestead .Loan Association of Berkeley to
Lodo.vlco Rosano, lot on W. line ~ of Eighth
street, 150 S of University avenue, S 25 by W
135, block 87, Sistema Tract. Berkeley; $1000.
John W. and Sarah E. Striker (wife) to John
Lamaison, lot on SE corner of Cedar and
Louisa streets, S 54.86, E 135, N 55.28. W 135,
lot 24, block A, Eureka Homestead, Berkeley;
$1*
• Chin Sin to Guy W. Monroe (single), lots 110 to
112, block 30. map of resubdivision of Peralta
Park, August. 1893. Berkeley; also lots 52 and
53 of plat 19. June. 1S92. Oakland Township;
110. '
Gay W. Monroe (single) to L. E. Baker,
same; $10.
J. J. and Julia Rauer to same. Iota 107 to
100. in subdivision 29. same map, Oakland
Township: $10. .
Same to Francis J. Johnson, lots 123, 128 to
132. 133 and 139, in subdivision 2S, same, Oak
land Township; *10.
Alameda' County.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
G H and Marllla. C. W. Moore (wife) tn
Wlliiam F. and Annie Wohlsteln (wife), lot
on N line of Mary street. 50 by 100. belntr lot
8. block 28. Fltchburg Homestead Tract.
Brooklyn Township: $10.
George and Carrie R. Sterling (wife) to Real
ty Syndicate (a corporation), lot on 8 Ttne of
Thirty-fourth street 518 .W of Market. S par
allel'with Market 50:23. to beginning, thencn
from beginning 8 80.23. tV 104. N 88^8. E
129 block P property Central Land Company.
subject to all liens now of record. Oakland;
¦ Same to same, lot en W line of Lusk "street.
878 N of Rose Garland way or Evoy avenue.
N 41 -by W 141. lot 30. map White House Plat.
subject to same, Oakland; $10.
Same to same, lot beginning at intersection
of N W line of Peralta street wtth E fine o£
Harlan NW G W.S3. SW R7.45 to beginning,
block 803. Watts Tract, subject to same. Oak-
Same t'« same, lot on S line of t* nl ' v ** r *}'*
avenue 209 W of Sacramento. W 104 by S 302,
lot 3. blocr 1. Shaw Tract. Berkeley; $10.
W de L. and Clara J. Klngsbury t» Faclnc
Home Co-operative Company, lot on SW line
of Hamilton Maw. 165.33 NW of Oakland ave
nue NW 45 by SW 90. lot 31. and SE 13 fe*t
of lot 30 map Hamilton Tract, subject to deed
of trust "SSC D. 284. Oakland: $UX T^^_ 1 _.
Michael T Terney (single) to Diedrtcn
Knabbe (married), lot on N line oT Ninth
street J« E of Harrison. E 25 by N 100 btoeK
122. kellersberger's map. subject to 653 M.
3!>9 for $2300 Oakland: also lot on N line of
Simpson av«nue. tSO W of Teh-graph "«nti*.
W 40 by N 112 being E 20 feet of Jot 27 and
W 20 feet of lot 28. man Simpson's Tract, sub
ject to 892 D. 414 for $2000. Oakland: $10.
Victorlne F Anthony (as guardian estate
Ada D Anthony, minor) to Howard L. Os
good undlvldod cne-ninth Interest In lot on
Snrin of Central avenue (Twelfth street). l«0
VT of West. S 100 W 25. N 4:«S. WJS:1%.
N 110:3*4. E 1I«:8. block 151. Kellersberggr s
(administrator estate of
Andrew H Hathaway, deceased) to Edmund
Atwell lot' on S line of Park avenue. 120 W
of Pan Pablo avenue, W W:4 by S 125. being
a subdivision of plat 6. Raneho V
and D Peralta. Oakland; $2100 -
W T Vahlberg to Rose L. Bushnelt-Don
nelly. lot eti NE corner «J 'Baker jmd Lowell
¦treets N 115 by E W. Oakland: $600.
J d' Maloney to Lillle Maloney (single), all
interest as heir-at-law of Bridget or of M. W.
Maloney (both deceased) or otnerwtwln lot pn
W line- of Campbell street. 110 S of West Thlr
teentlT S 25 by W 115. Tot 8. block 1. p»at tract
3S3: also all interest In personal property of
* a Anne ta Dorothea *^leanore - WUll (Schwark).
widow to Pauline Haug. wife of O. A. Haug.
lot on SW corner of Eighteenth and Cypress
streets W SO by S 104 :&. lot 17. block 603. A.
Rneep" tract. Oakland; $10.
Edwina M. Norton to Alfred H. Norton, tots
6 and 7 man Rock Island tract, Oakland: gift..
Charles Bernard and John McDermott (all
single) and Maria L. Walton (McPermott) to
Annie McDermott (wtdow). lots 3 and B. block
1. Howe tract, property out of county. Oak
land- aim all Interest In personal property of
estate of B. or Bernard MfDwnott In No. olSa.
Mameda Oakland Township: gift.
' Frederick and Charlctte H. Elliott to Adel
bert T. Hay. lot f». block O, same map, Oak
land Township; $10. -.„».,
Jason J. Stone (widower) to Ella LyttI*
(widow), lot 18. block K. map Andrew Jonea*
Subdivislocu Brooklyn Townahlp; ST»«V - •¦'¦'<
Charles W,and Flora B. Plnkerton to Ade
line M. Stokes I (married), lot on W line of
Morton street, 250 N of Central avenue N 5"
by W 150. lots 21 and 22. block 20. Fitch
Homestead Tract. Alameda; $10.
Kate E. Adams (Stewart) to Georg» W.
; Adams lot on E line of Chestnut street. $0
i S of Thirty-fourth. S 4O by E 128:3. portion
1 lots 6 and 5. block €75. Watts Tract Oak
land; $10.
i ..Henry G. Bayly to Mary Ana -Bayly (wife).
i E Vi of lot 8. block 2087, map Ald»n Tract a
i Temeseal. Oakland; gift.
James F. McCourtney to Annie McCourtne '
' fwife). lot "on S line of Forty-fourth street. 10j
E of Grove. E 55 by S 10O; $ . j
Frank M. Davis (single) to E. J. Shepardson
lot on E line of Market street.' 105 S of Thlr
ty-slxth S 35 by E 100; also lot on S line of
Thirty-fifth street, 501 5-20 E of Market. E
40 by S 120 5-20. block L. I property Centre:
Land Company. Oakland; grant.
J S. and Clara Myers (wife) to Augrusta L. I
Swlck (wife of P. S.) lot on SE line of
Eleventh avenue. 131.69 NE of East Twenty
eighth street. SE 120 by SW 45. portion Ion
k to 8. block A. map Bella Vista Park. East
Oakland; $10.
Bertha B. end Basil K. Denbigh to Viola C.
McConvUIe and Nellie M. Busaell (both
widows) lot on E line of "Warring street.
S97.-4 S of Charming way. S M by E 100.
block B subdivision B, Berkeley property.
Berkeley; $10.
Lester L. Myers to Annie A. Myers, lot on
' N line of Channing way. 300 W of Ellsworth
street W 5O by N 130 block 13. College Home
stead. Berkeley: $1. -
Oakland Bank of Savings to Robert T. Fer
rasson. lot on N line. of Dwight way. 82 XV
of Mary street. W 52 by N 134:8. Tot 11, blocie
23. Magee Tract. Berkeley; $10.
John and Sarah J. Graves fwife) to Jessln
Gallagher (wife of G. C). lot on 8 Ha* oC
Central avenue. 521 :1 W from W boundary
lln« of Teutonla Homestead Tract. XV SO. S
486.81 E SO. S to beginning, "being W> 30 f¥et
of lot 11 block A wrap Damon's West End;
Tract. Alameda; $10. . :
M L. Wicks (single) to Caroline Boles, Jots
IS and 10 block A. amended map resubdivision,
of Haight Tract. Alameda: S65O.
George Lydlksen (widower) to John T. and
Annie Mould (wife), lot 20. Derby Tract.
Brooklyn Township: $10.
Adolph and Mary E; Werner (wife) to Lil
lian J. L. Fenn (widow), lot txjrmntng at a
point on SW line of county, road Oakland to
San Leandro. 103.9O SE of Its Intersection
with SE line of High street. SB 25.»7 by 9W
125. portion lot 3. block A, Hunttngton Tract,
Brooklyn Township: $10.
L. W. Forstlng (widower) to California Mill
and Manufacturing Company (corporation), lots
IX to 19. block 1. Revised Map No. 3, Blasdel
Tract. Eaat Oakland Heights (deed given to
correct error in former deed). Brooklyn Town
ship; $10.
Continental Building and Loan Association
to Fritz Schuli, lot 21 and N 10 feet of lot 22.
¦block A, Frnitvale Station Tract. Brooklyn
Township; $1&.
Dorothea M. C. Nlssen (executrix estate of
Mathilde Meetz) to William and Carrie Painter.
all interest In lot on S line of Pacific avenue)
10O K of Concord!a. E 83:-t by S l.i", Alamva*;
$2450.
George Brown Estate Company (a corpora
tion) to Patrick F. and Mary E. Cavanaugh.
lot on S lrne of Clement avenue. 138:6 E of
Chestnut street. E 92 by S 150. lots 11 arv'.
15, block 2. map resubdivision blocks 1 to o,
lands adjacent to Encinal. Alameda; $10.
Ney L. Donovan (assignee estate of Robert
L. Crooks, insolvent) to Francis Ferrier. all
interest as said assignee and of estate said in
solvent in lot 17 of section IS and lot 23 of
section 22 township 1 S. range 4 W. maps 1
and 2 and 4. Salt Marsh and 'fide Lands: also
property in San Francisco. San Mateo 'Contra
Costa and Marin counties. Oakland; $500.
Charles A. and Inda A. Briggs (wife) to
Claude Smallwood lot on W line of Josephine
street. .200 S of GUman (now Berryman). S
40 by W 135 lot 25 block B. Levtston Tract,
etc. Berkeley; $10.
Mary G. and Robert Flelden (husband) to
James and Mary L. Gillick. lots 3 and 4. block
C. map Claremont Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Andrew- Jackson to H. P. and A. Palmgrcn
(wife), lot on E line of Ninth street. 421.79 S
of Channing way. S 50 by E 130, lots 21 and
22. block 137. corrected map Avery Tract.
Berkeley; $10
Bridget and Henry Rolln (husband) to Robert
J.. Mamie A., Margaret and Nellie Callaghan.
lot on west line of Magnolia street, S00 N of
Thirty-fourth, N 100, W 60. S 104:2. E 80:4, lot
4. block On), Watts' tract. Oakland (first par
ties reserve life estate); $10.
William Atkinson- (single to Sarah L. Bank
head, lot on NE line of East Twenty- third
street, 473.25 SE of Twenty-first avenue, SE 75.
NE 140. lots 29 to 31. block 75, map of North
ern Addition' to Brooklyn. East Oakland: $10.
Same to same, property out of county.
C. M. and Louise L. Cook (wife) to Frank H.
Graham (single), lot on NE line of East Eight
eenth street, 50 feet NW of Sixth avenue. NW
JOO by NE 100, portion lots 7 to 10,' block 104.
Clinton, East Oakland; $10.
Joanna M. Driscoll (widow) to B. McFadden,
lot on E corner of East Fourteenth street and
Second avenue. SE 28 by NE 120, block 53.
Clinton. East Oakland; «1O.
Ertnlfr C. Jones, trustees under will of An
drew Jones (deceased), and Mrs. Jane C. Jones
(widow) to Rare Holland (Murray), lot 1, block
1, map Andrew Jones subdivision, Brooklyn
Townsrlp; ?10. ¦ ¦ ¦
Derby Estate Co (corporation) to Henrietta
M. Lucas. lot on N line E Eighteenth street.
150 feet W of FruitvaJe ave. W 50 by N 150. lot
25. Derby tract, Brooklyn Township, deed and
assignment; $10.
Henrietta M. Lucas (widow) to James 8. and
Mertice L. Gill, same subscribers to same agree
ment. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Thomas and Johanna Con way and Emma G.
and James Crothers (by W. S. Harlow, com
missioner) to Thomas Pollard, lot on S line
of Columbus avenue at Intersection by E line
of tract acquired by Patrick O'Connell, 299 D.
30, thence E 40. S 126. E 35.5. N 128, E 50, 3
126. E 44.3. SW 81.86. NW 176.4. NE 2(55.0tf
to beginning. .Oakland: $529.
John and Emma Kleiner (wife) to Henry aad
Annfe Wasaell. lot on E lin» at Ruby street.
187 N of Moss avenue. N 23 "by E 100. lot 16.
map of Oakland Railroad Homestead Tract,
between Telegraph avenue and Broadway, Oak
land;- $10.
Bridget McCormick (widow) and Mary Me-
Cormlck (single) Xo Michael ana Margaret Cul
len (wife), lot on SE line or Thirteenth ave
nue. • 120 NE 'of East' Sixteenth street. NE SO
by SE 100, block 90. Clinton. East, Oakland; $3.
Edw. P. and Helen Harmon (wife) to Charles
G. Mortenson. lot on S line of Woolsey street.
142.90 E of Adeline (Stanford avenue), said
point distant on S line of Woolsey street 143. 7O
E from Adeline street as now located and Im
proved, E 10O, S 114.08, SW 100.51. N 124.tti.
lots 7 and 8. block T. Amended Ma1> of New*
bury Tract In plat 51, Rancho V. and D.> Peral*
ta. Berkeley; $10.
Edward D. and Mary L. Judd (wife) to .'
F. Herrick. lot on S line of Pacific avenue. It
E of Chestnut street. E 50 by S 150:2. lot V
block 6. lands adjacent to Endnal. Alameda
$10. .
Charlotte M. Lawton (widow), to Hibernl:
Savings and Loan Society, lot on S line o
Taylor avenue 332:7 W . of Seventh street
(since widened to 80 feet). W 01:3 by S 28U.
block 8. map . Aughinbaugh 223- Acre Tract,
Ataraeda; $10.
Ktnnte C. and Herbm Bsrshford to J. T
Russell, lots 3 and 4, Forest Park' Trac
Brooklyn Township; $lt>.
125 by XV 50, portion same. Berkeley: $10.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. AUGUST 13, -1903.
13
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 3BO AD WAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$4,250 — Reduced from $0000; owner compelled
to leave Oakland on account of a busi-
ness change and prefers to make sacrifice
and ( a quick sale; house of 8 rooms, al-
most new;" the latest style of archi-
tecture; finished in first-class, workman-
\\ like manner; built for * home and has
' every possible advantage; lot 50x116. with
driveway, trees, palms,- shrubbery and
I a small summer-house; ; neighborhood is
first-class and near thet business center;
$800 cash, balance mortgage. •
J. S. MYERS or GEORGE K. AUSTIN,
v 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
$5,<N)0— Would cost to duplicate. $6500; * new,
..- ? colonial house In East Oakland; high and
sightly, with a fine marine view; finished
in curly redwood; dining-room 23 ft.
- long, with bookcases and china closets
built therein; nickel and open plumbing;
lot 50x145 (note size); 13 homes surround-
ing it within a block, ranging in price
from $7000 to $15,000; terms only $500
cash, balance monthly.
J. S. MYERS or GEORGE W. -AUSTIN
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
JESSIE JONES TRACT.
Lofat $50 each, $5 cash, $5 monthly. It is
seldom you find such property for the money;
100x100 for $200; our new tract Jessie Jones,
and it's a beauty. Come and see it. • ¦
$75, $5 cash, $5 monthly; as level as a pancake,
and the good Is there. Size 25x100, or any other
size you may wish for up to 26 acres. Jessie
Jones tract, fronting on High st. boulevard, 00
feet wide, adjoining East Oakland; soil the
best; view ie grand; no fogs nor raw winds;
near car and school; a delightful home sjte.
Call or send for circular. 455 Seventh st., opp.
Broadway station, Oakland. Carriage free. H.
Z. JONES, owner. ' .
HOUSE 6 rooms, etc.; modern; 857 37th st.,
near Syndicate bank and station; a private
loan at your own terms of payment. Address
Bulker. 831 6Cth st.. Oakland. Cal.
ALEX. MURDOCK. Chronicle bldg., San Fran-
cisco, for Oakland. Berkeley or rural homes.
OAKLAND rURNITURE^TOR.^SAJLB.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furnl-
ture. H. Schellhaas. 11th st. cor. store.Oaklnd
SPECIAL NOTICES.
Ladles! Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are best; safe, reliable: take no other. Bend 4c
stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladles."
in letter by return mail. Ask your druggist.
Chlchester Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. P>.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
. positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat.
ment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter at.
STORAGE A.\D WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard St., near Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH~Storage & Moving Coi, or-
ifice Post and Powell ets.; tel. Priv. Ex. 671.
HOUSEHOLD goods and bric-a-brac packed for
storage or shipment. Call or address 370 Fell.
CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave. ; phone Kast 120.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 840
Mission st.; tel. Howard 041. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage arid Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st.; phone Jackson 281.
-BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
Bt.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE System School, Van * Ness and
Market; positive cure for all.' . Don't delay.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREATMBARGAINsliN TYPEWRITERS— We
sfll better machines for less money than *ny
house In the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 530 California ; telephone Main 268.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each;' get par- '
tlculars, L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont- j
Komery st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 209 Sansome.
LEGAL AD V13RTISEMK>TS.
BAN FRANCISCO, Cal., Aug. 12, 1603.
To Whom It May Concern:.
Notice is hereby given that the co-partner-
ship heretofore existing between H. E. COF-
. T*EY and C. V. HUGHES as real estate
agents, under the firm name of COFFEY.
HUGHES & CO.. doing business at 117 Sutter
ct., in this city, has this day been dissolved.
COFFEY. HUGHES & CO.
O. V. HUGHKS. -• — -;*--¦.->,-,-:¦-
PROPOSALS.
ADVERTISEMENT for bids for steam-heating ]
and distributing apparatus for the University
of California — Notice to contractors, builders
and material men — Notice is hereby ¦ given
by the Regents of the University of California
to all concerned that sealed proposals or bids
are solicited on three water-tube boilers,
each to contain one-half the heating surface .
required to furnish eteam for one engine, as
outlined below; one vertical or horizontal
cross-compound, non-condensing engine, to
be arranged for direct connection to one 200
K. W. alternator, the necessary feed pumps. .
feed water heaters, steam separators, traps'
and fuel oil burning apparatus complete. In-
cluding all necessary piping, valves and
fittings within the building, and all neces-
sary piping between tanks, etc.. the plant
to be furnished and installed complete at
Berkeley upon foundations furnished by the j
university. Also steam piping for distribu-
tion of steam for heating purposes to the
various buildings. Said sealed bids or pro-
¦ l totals will be received at room 16, . South
HaU, at the University grounds, Berkeley.
on or before 3 o'clock p. m. of the 17th
day of August. 1903. And notice Is hereby
further civen that clans and specifications
for said construction have been made and i
adopted and are placed in the engineering I
offices, room 7. 331 Pine street. San Fran-
cisco, where the same may be seen and ex-
amined during each day from 9 o'clock a. tn.
until 4 o'clock p. in. from this date until
the 15th day of August, 1903. No bids or
proposals will be considered unless the same
are accomoanted bv a certified check or a
bond of said proposer equal to im (10) per
cent of his proposal, with sufficient sureties.
. conditioned that if said bid or proposal shall
be accepted the party proposing will duly
enter into a proper contract with the said
Regents to faithfully, perform the duty and
obligations In accordance with said proposal
and plans and specifications, which shall bo
and are hereby required to be a part of such
contract. The right to reject any and all
bids is hereby reserved. This notice is given
pursuant to an act entitled "An act to
amend an act entitled 'An act to create
and organize the University of California,'
approved March 2S. 1868.. and an act.
amendatory of section 25 thereof, approved
March 28, 1872, . relating to the construction
of buildngs." approved March 3, 1897. By
order of | the Committee on Ground* and
Buildings of the Board of Regents. W. A.
McKOWEN. Secretary of the Board of
Regents of the University of California.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
Supplies and Accounts. Navy Department,
Washington, D. C, until 12 o'clock noon,
September 1. 1003, and publicly cpened Im-
mediately thereafter, to furnish at the navy
yard. Mare Island, Cal.. and Puget Sound,
Wash., a quantity of electric lamps, electrical
supplies, rivets, brushes, felt, hair, dry goods,
rugs, hardware,' locks', Bcrews, tools, ther-
mometers, leather, lumber, slab nnc, bar
* Iron and steel, steel plates and shapes, pack-
• ing, paints, tallow,- vaseline, brass pipe and
i pipe fittings, stationery, waste, machine
tools, etc. Blank proposals will be furnished
upon application to the navy pay offices. San
Kranclsco, - Cal., and Seattle, Wash. H. T.
B. HARRIS. Paymaster General, U. 8. N.
MARBIAGE LICENSES.
\ — •— — •¦) ¦.?**".
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: . . " '
Leonard N. Parks, s «7, 2414A Sacramento
street; and Gertrude A. Wastler. 32. 2414A
Sacramento utrret. • ' . • rj
'Olof J. Olson. 21. T.IO Octavla street, and
Belle F. Stympson,. IS. 15 Leavenworth street.
% Roy W. Sawyer. 27, 80S McAllister street,
and Maude E. Davis, 20. 2f>54 Mission street.
Samuel J. Gibson, 21. 214* Howard street,
and Katherinp A. Bode. 20. 393 Haight street.
George P. Caldwell, 28. 1284 Eddy street, and
Charlotte A. Menne. 24, 775 McAllister street.
Joseph B. P. Titus." 40, Oakland, and Mary
E. ¦ Ilolllngsworth,- 40, Oakland.
Ernest L. C Merkle, 54, 704 Montgomery
street, and Mary K. Casper, 2.\ city.
Samuel L. Me Vey. 1». 520 Jones street, and
Marie Martin. 19. -Woodland.
George 11. Burns. 25. . 1531 Fifteenth street,
South San Francisco, and Rena M. Dutcher,
18, '308 Sixth street. s «-
Henry R. McCoy. • 31. Jersey Island, and
Edith . S. Oard. 31. Portland Or.
Henry W.: Frledrich. SO. 16 Dearborn place,
and Flora Schlntz. 25, 3258 Seventeenth street.
Onofrio Scarpulla, 21. 832. Bay street, and
Vita DIgardl. 16. 032 Bay strpfit.
Charles L. Turner.. 21. 204U Eddy- street,
and Edith D. Franks. 20.-BH3 \\ aller street.
Elmo Kelley. 23. city, and Lena Eckert,.23,
city ¦-'¦ ¦¦" •'-¦¦--•¦¦' ',"", .¦-'¦. . ¦¦,,-._
S.' Arthur Nichols, 33, Chicago, and Hattle
G. Wilson, 31. Chicago.' -
BIRTHS--MARRIA&ES— DEATHS.
Birth." marriage and • death notices sent by
mall will not.be Inserted. They must be handed
in ' at either ! of • the ' publication offices and be
indorsed with "thenarae and residence of- per-
sons authorized to have the same published. "
B0BN.
HEINO— In this city. August D. 1903/ to the
.wife of 8. Helnca.son.' v-
MILLICAN— In this city. "August 0, 1003.; to
v the' wife', of "Kenneth A. " Mllllcan; a daugh-
ter. - ••- ••-..-.. l
kOST^ AXD FOUXD — Continued.
LOPT— A passbook with the Hib?rnia Savings
er.d Loan 8<»cl«>ty ol San Franeisx-o In the
r.Eme nr JANE STANFOUD JONES, No. 269-
1 VM. The finder will please return to bank.
LOsT— Scotch collie dog. yellow and while;
companion crippled child; liberal reward;
«-an and will be traced: prosecution will fol-
» low if not returned. Box :{."!21. Call office.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
• no Loan Society of j^an Francisco, in the
r.ame of JOHN KELLY. No. 171-251. The
finder ¦will please return to bank.
LOST— A solitaire diamond ring. A MiitaMe
reward will be paid finder on delivering san«
to clerk of California Hotel, Buah a*.
IT will pajr to ••Remember' that the California
« atch £ase Co.. 220 Sutler ft., needs olii
gold and «llvfr to make new watch cases.
. medicalL
A— Mrs. lh\ Sweet takes ladies Iwfore and dur-
ing confinement: Infants adopted; *!¦"»:_ *5
rooms board; 25 years' ex;>erience. 2.S2 7th.
MRS. DR. WYETH specialist for all female,
complaints; instant relief guaranteed: -10
years' experience. 72S Tost ft., near Jones.
VALPEAU'S female viV.f. best regulating pills i
cold; price $2 50 by «>x;iresa. I'asteur's syr-
mce and tablets; price $2 M. By express j
"nly on receipt of price. 06GOOD BROTH- j
KRS. wholesale druggists. Seventh and (
Hroadway. Oakland.
DR. G. W "(FdpXXEI.L- All who are sick or j
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped- the nio^t difficult cases treat-
ed; advlc? free. Office. 1013 Market st.
MRS DR KOIlL~re!iabIe specialist for all fe.
male troubles and irr« jrularitles; instant re-
lief guarant.-e<1. 1<«>.> 4 Market St.. opp. 5th.
MRS. P. ALLEN. Ill* Market— Reliable ladles' ,
specialist; a irivate hams before and during (
confinement; tx*t snedical care; low fees.
T>r* Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness— Export
In obstetrics, female comp. ;2S jtb. experience. J
l)R and~MRS DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market st.
hn ROSEN moved to 2395 Folsom ot.. cor. j
S6th: relief fl": ladies' exclusive office.
VB. NG TOT KEE. 319 Powell st.. opposite j
Union square: ail diseases cured by herbs. |
i— — i— — —^— ™^^™*— — — "^*** WI ™^ i
MISt 'ELLAXEOT_S—- FOUJSALE.
UOILEIiS. engines, 2-hand rnachinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-187 Fremont mt. ;
A GOOD reason to buy diamonds, watches and j
Jewelry Ircn. u» is that you need only pay a
trr.&U weekly psj-ffier.t on all purchases; all
{roods delivered on first payment. Call and j
examine our goods even if you don't car* to j
buy. UCHTENSTEIN BROS.. 25 Stockton. ,
XX) ES TOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterlte; In rolls easy to lay; I
seeds no painting or coating; road orer old j
iron, tin* cr shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market «t.
A— Fine suits, J 7 50; dress pants, f2 50. Orlgl-
Jsal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny st.,
near Bush; open to 9 p. m. Sunday to nooa.
A— $3 50 DERBY and fedora haU. $1 78. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Keamy «t., near Pine;
cpen till S p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — BUT8, ceils or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, chaftiog. pulleya.
etc.. XVHITELAW. 2S3-2S3 Spear st.
TRY our raer/s shoes at fl pair; foot-form
fhoes at $2 50; we ray express charefs. 11
Third st., Kxair.lner bid.: catalogue sent free.
SECOND maefc'y. boilers, engines, pumps.
wood acd Iron working machinery, bought. >
sola and rented. H. S. WHITE. 130-152 Beale.
P.EM1NGTON typewriter and desk; nearly
n*w; also cfSce desk; barcala. 411 Parrott
building.
23OVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Poet «t.
MILES of pipe and Cttlngs; all sixes. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 109 Vallejo St.
MOVING picture film and scsg slides. 109
Montgomery at.
tAfTS — New and second - band. S. B. BECK
A CO. 122 Market st.
All btrgalne ;camp etools and chairs, hammocks.
metal beds. rsattresses.J.r.Hotter.712 Mission.
Ic!!>,jn pboaccraphs. records, supplies, moving
picture machines. Elms. BaclgaJupl. 833 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches.
all sites. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont «t.
fc A FES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento et.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
rftakes. ALEXANDER A CO.. 110 Monty'y.
MISCELLAyCOrS WAVTS.
T1LTON wants rood second-hand clothing and
theatrical goodf. 154 »th et.: tel. Jessie 2S51.
MONEY TO IA>A>~.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY
601-602-603 Examiner bulldicc.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
EMates, tecend mortgages, undivided Inter- j
f>ts. assignments of rents property In trust, j
*:c. ; legacies, life estates aad undivided in- j
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
Bee HERMAN MURPHY.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at i
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store S*6 •
Market ct. : tel. Ma!n 1C4«. Branch. 19 Third. |
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail tner-1
chants, teamsters, boardhig-houees, without '
security: easy payments; largest business In I
46 principal cities. Tolman. 533 Parrott bldg. j
A — 1 p*r cent on furniture or piano :no removal ; i
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick, j
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery et.. r. 7.
MUNICIPAL I/5AN OFFICE 1C3 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO tlO.OOO.
AT cut rates on real estate, furniture or piano; I
no commission. E. \V LICK 1003 Mutual I
gav. Ck. bid.. 70S aiarket; phone Main 616. J
g. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY-Loans to salaried j
people on their cote.
The TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
HONEY to loan on low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearl* ari3 previous stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth et.
MONEY loaned to salaried employe*, g. W.
MILLER, room 74. fifth floor. Chronicle bldg.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
J1000; any security. Montgomery, room 16.
2% ON furniture * pianos; $15 up: no removal;
V. TREMA1N. room fcl. 6 Eddy st.. floor 4.
ALL loane on diamonds and Jewelry 2 pe r cent
tuo. 8. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 5SS Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaries employes. R. 311, Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH leaned salaried people on notes without
indon-er. MORRELL. «09 Examiner bid.
Mt'MCAL. INSTniMENTS.
A KONG OUR BARGAINS ARE:
3 Chl-kerlmra *150, Ji<s>, $2^5
1 Flhrher; upright $ia
1 Jpwett: mahogany; n^w * im,
1 Pohaff er ; mahogany ; new , f i ks
2 Kmerron flRr>. J215
2 KtHnway *I(s">. $215
:; Heine !239ca*38S
25 twjueres fI5 to fl"O
7 organs * f'O to |7S
Rent? $2 up allowed on purchase; install- j
.ments #4 up: piano players from $90 up: j
ti»>w pianos from $117 up. HEINE PIANO
i "< » 2:y>-237 Cieary St.. agents /or the <Jal.-
\< r. Krell. Stejrer, etc^
A FMALL walnut Emerson upright, cbnolutely
like new, |13S. 227 Geary st.
STEIN WAT upright, left by private party.
$I«5; a great bargain. 237 Geary ft.
A FEW" good upright pianos from $70 up com-
prising Vo**. Sterling. Jacobfsen, t^ohne'-h-
len, Fherwood. We*er, Marshall & Wendell,
Haines, Everett. Knabe and others; easy
rsvments. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. l«-20
O'Farrell. No branches in San Francisco.
UNTIL Aug. 17 we will *eli all pianos at spe-
cially low priws, then pur regular low prices
will be resumed; take advantage of these
' lew summer price*. THE ZENO MAUVAIS
-MUSIC CO.. 7«!9 Market ct.
BAND lnttrumentf; F. Besson. Paris, maker.
«5o* Malwald. Agt. Par. Cwast, 278 O'Farrell;
ekilHuI repairing; 2d-hand Instruments eoIO.
BARGAIN— Fian«lar«J make upright; good con-
dition. SCHMITZ & CO.. 1*5 McAllister st.
Unredeemed storage pianos and' furniture dirt
cheap. WMtebead's Storage / J6M Market.
BEAUTIFUL 3-peda! Steinway upright piano;
perfect order; racriflf-*.. Keeffe's.2S5 O'Farrell.
Family failing for Australia offers at sacrifice
handsome Strtnway upright piano. £16 Eddy.
BUY direct from the factory and «ave f>0 per
< ent . HORNUNli. 216 McAllister at.
KOHLtR & CHAFE, 30 O'Farrell St."; largest
and oldest piano house. ,
EEST renting piano In rity for $5 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. &60 Hayes ft.
SOHMER. Byron Maury piano*. Cecillan piano
j «la yer. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Poet 6t.
fcUPKRIOR violins, zithers, old and new. if.
MULLEB. fnafcer. repairer. 2 Latham " place.
OFFICES A.\D STORES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKEU5 buildings »27 Market St.—
Otfic* to let; rent $15; light, heat Janitor aad
telephone. ASHTON & GARDINER. . ,
6TORE to let with eteam connections. C12
Fro&t ft. . 1
PERSONALS. jjr _
A— FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED.
Wrinkles, yellow and flabby skin, birthmarks,
j-malipox (>ittings and *cars scientifically re-
moved without cutting, massage, electricity or
medicines; spocial demonstrations this week.
Call or write DR. U WILLIAMS. 371 Geary.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves its grov.th;stope falling;cures dandruff
«nd itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
clfansea ecalp;at druggists', hairdressers' ;ac-
copt no substitute. Star RemedyCo.,3S5Oeary.
WANTED — 099 men with scalp diseases: loss
of hair and baldness prevented (can treat by
mall, blank for stamp); consultation free:
8:.tO to «. Sundays 10 to 12. Prof. GEO. A.
GARLOw. Specialist, room 218. 997 Market.
ANNIE HORl, a lady giving treatment to la-
dies for rheumatism, has her office at the
Golden Gate House. 526 Kearny St., room 10;
Klie epeaks three languages — German, Bohe-
mian and English. •
NOT how cheap, but how good, is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market et. \_v
' PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
aadrtts Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave..
corner Sutter *t.; fee moderate. |
RAG carpets wovu to order and for sale: also
chenllle-wovc rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Goo. Matthews. 709 Fifth Bt.. Oakland.
DIED with heart trouble. RBTMOND
SCHWELL, aped 4 yrE. ; would like to find
the father. CHARLES PCHWELL.
PANC1NG Tuesday, Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Ttutonia Hall, Howard
et.. near Ninth: management Prof. Foster.
AT les-s than cost, uncalled for cults, overcoats
and trousers, at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market Bt.
ELKGANT suits on easy installments: 50 cents
and up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
ket Ft., between Seventh and Eighth.
THE highest price raid tor ladies' or gents'
cast-orf clothing and all articles of value at
WEINBERG'S. 114A Ellis st. ' |
STTITS to order on Installments, SI per week.
Neuhaus & Co.. merch.tailors.727-729 Market.
ALL styles halrdressing:. 25c; hair goods: mani-
curing 25c. G. LKDERER. 123 Stockton *U
TAILOR-MADE f-uit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
M'.sfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bueh and Dupont.
SITEUKLUOTTS hair and moles removed by
electric needle. Dr. &Mrs.Traverse,1170Market.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wig*.
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALKREDt'MS Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
Superfluous hair and moles removed with elec- i
trie needle. Mrs. *: Miss Eaton. 1119 Sutter.
PALMISTRY. j
MME. DEVAS. scientific palmist and astrolo-
Fist. Office, 26 Liebes bldg.. 139 Post st; $1
palm reading a specialty; open Tuesday eve.
I'ArEHHAXGlXG. PAI\TI>fc. ETC.
ROOMS papered. J3 60 up; tintlne. painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 3d et.; tel. Main 413
IMIYSICIAXS AND SLRGEOXS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence,
10214 Market et, bet. Sixth and Seventh. *
BLOOD. Fkln and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor:
treats all diseases of the human body: for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at C67 Geary st., near Leavenworth. !
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tai, herb doctor: cures alt diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 'Washington et.
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor — All dls-
easeg cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay ft.
ROOMS FOR HOUSE KEEPIXG.
GUERRERO. S62. near 21st— Six rooms com-
pletely furnished for housekeeping; 15 min-
utes to Kearny et. by electric car.
HERBERT (The) — Sunny apartments for '
housekeeping; cas ranges; Just newly fur- \
nished. 1M0 Polk st, ;
KEARNY. 104 — 3 tunny unfurnished rooms; ¦
bo children. i
LEAVENWORTH. 204 — Sunny furnished rooms j
reasonable.
MCALLISTER. 53S— Nicely furnished suite; gas
range; hot bath: laundry: adults; $7. |
MISSION. 202* — 2 or 3 sunny rooms Tor house- |
keeping. j
MISSION, 2901A — 3 front rooms, furnished for
housekeeping; also front room for gentleman.
OFARRELL. 1516 — Very nicely furnished sun- i
r.y front housekeeping rooms; parior floor.
TI'RK. S10 — Nicely furnished, eunny house-
keeping rooms, single or en suite; reasonable.
VALENCIA. S22— Two sunny furnished houee-
i keeping rooms; electric light; gas stove; $1<>.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at CaJI branch office, 2200 Flllmore st
ROOMS for BOUSEXEEPiara — Country
Housekeeping accommodations, short time, on
ranch ;2 women or man & wife. Box 3302, Call.
{ ROO3IS TO LET — Forn. and I'nforn.
; AA — City Room Renting Agency,
1104 Market st., cor. Turk and Market sts..
Rooms 3 and .4. Phone Jessie 4471.
FREE FREE
We locate you free of charge
tn, Rooms with or without board.
Housekeeping Rooms or Hotels.
A GENTLEMAN of regular habits can secure
a lar^f, sunny and comfortably furnished
room, with private family, one block from
cable and electric car lines and 5 minutes'
walk from nark entrance; references. Box
4'JM, Call office.
A — BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $» per weeJt. and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," S73 Market et. (or No. 1
Fifth et.)— Rooms. 25c. 60c. $1, $1 60 night;
$1 50 to $lb week; house open'all night.
ANTLERS. 415 Turk «t. — Strictly modern: 4-5
room apartment*; fur. or unfur. for hskpg.
A LARGE furnished room for 1 or 2 gents;
bath; running water; references. 889 Post st.
BURNETT. 1426 Market— (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rooms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 304 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
FELL, «03— To let. furnished front bay-win-
dow room; references. -
FIFTH 33 — Sunny bay-window rooms; also
single rooms: *1 50. $2 SO to $4 per week.
FOLROM. 875 — One large, sunny front room.
GEARY, KS2— One large room, kitchen, fink j
and yard: partly furnished. ¦
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 527 — Nice eunny fur-
nished room: running water; rent $9.
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission — Rorrrns 50c
to $1 50 night; $2 to $6 week; reading-room.
HOTEL GRA YSTONE
60 Geary ft.; phone Buk'i 6&0.
Cfntrally located fireproof hotel; elegantly
furnished suites, with baths and Kinglrs.
HYDE. Kio. near Sutter — Large furnished room;
$9 a month. ;
MISSION, 1607. nr. 12th— Large sunny room,
suitable for 2. (7; single sunny frcnt room.
*¦"•: cas >nd bath.
MODEL House — Unfurnished front housekeep-
ing rms. 1206 Stockton; $5. $12; gas; batft.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevajor; elec. rights; day. week, mo.
THE MANHEIM. 6S2 Sutter St.. bet. Mason
and Taylor, opp. Golden Gate Hall — New
house newly furnished, opened July 20, 1903;
electric lighting; private phone; open plumb-
ing; sunny rooms; direct, car to ferry. Cliff
House and park.
THE Ferndale. 7 Grant ave. — Nicely furnished
rooms for gentlemen; $2 50; transient.
TURK. 1218 — Nlc« sunny front room, second
floor.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy St., near Market
— too single and family rooms; 35c to fl
night; SI 75 to $6 week; elevator; electric
llghln: reading-room: free bus and baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st,. near Market—
Most convenient and refipectable; 700 rooms;
ZSe to fl 50 night; f2 to (8 week; elevator:
«>|i»c. lights: readinr-room: free bus: baggage. -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and eubfrcrlptlong
rweivfil at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has, been establish^] at 1096
Valencia sf . - ' ' '
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
AMOY. THE 001 DEVI8ADERO ST.
Strictly fi rat-class family hotel; sunny rooms,
suite or single; billiards; steam heat.
OLD Stevenson Mansion, opp. | Grace Church,
with annex. 807 California st. — Attractive In-
¦ terlor; exceptional table; free billiard-room.
ROOM and board given cheap. 548 Howard st.
rooms . . A .yp. p.9 A , R p. y^A^TF^P'
WANTED — <J or f> blocks from Washington and
ltaker St., evening meal by lady in exchange
for lewons In music or drawing or common
branches. Box 3333. Call office. • .
ROOM and board in refined Catholic family;
state terms. ' Box 3331,' Call ' office. *
MABBIED.
, JULIN— BERG— In this city, August 8,. 1903.
j : by the Rev. O. . Groensberg, Gustaf H. Julin
J and . Jorglne Berg. : .. . V ' . --'...
\ KRAUS — McCLINTOCK— In this city. August
8. 190;$. by, the Rev.M. J^ Clifford of MUs-
( slon Dolores. , Fred W. Kraus of San Fran-
• Cisco and Ida W. McCllntock of Fort Bragg.
i LEARN— WEIHE— In Oakland, Cal.. August
2, 1903, by the Rev. E.^R. Dllle. George C.
Learn and Minnie C. Welhe, both ol San
. Francisco. ..•- : % '.
RATHMELL— BUNDESEN— In this city, Au-
gust 3, 1903,- by the -Rev. W. El Dugan.
pastor of Stewart Memorial U. P. Church,
George H. Rathmell of Oakland and Helena
C. Bundesen of San Francisco.
SHARTZER— ALLEN— In Oakland, Cal.. by
the Rev. E. R. Dllle. Henry William Shart-
zer and Mildred C. Allen, both of Sacra-
mento, Cal. ¦ , ¦ ¦
SMITH— GUSTAFSON— In this city, August
4. . 190.1, by the Rev. O. Groenaberg. Rudolf
ti. Smith and Clara Qustafeon. - ¦ -
DIED. Z 7
Allen. Katherlne ! Mlddleton. Arthur B.
Arnold, Joseph • • Morton. Margaret E.
Bacon. Edwin . Mullany,' Michael
Chamber*. Mary Mullen. Michael
Connolly (Infant) Oehlman. Henrietta
• Conroy, William J. Phipps, Margaret -
Dunn. Michael T. Raymond, Wm. P.
Eberle. Walburga Robin. Sophia
Fennessey, Johanna j Schiele, Alfred
, Gartley.- Sarah J. Selig. Seligman
Hoff, Sarah . Smith. John S. '
Holger. Frederick A. . Smith. Rosalie
Jacobs, Solomon ; Sohl. Elsabe
Lawler. Annie Sutton, Mary C.
McComb. WilHam E. Waldstein. Hannah
McGlllvary. Wm. J. Wlebusch. Henry
McMullin. Augusta White. Catherine
Mack. John A. Willoughby, j Cornelia
ALLEN— In this city, August 11, 1903. Kath-
erlne, beloved mother of . William O.. T. F.,
Freddie C. and the late Charles Allen, a na-
tive of - Ottawa, Canada, aged - 54 years 6
months and 23 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Friday. August 14, 1003. at 10 o'clock, at
the mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Un-
dertaking Company, 2475 Mission street, near
Twenty-first. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by electric funeral car from cor-
ner of Eighteenth and Guerrero streets at
10:30 o'clock.
ARNOLD — In this city, August 12, 1903, JO7
seph Arnold, beloved, husband of Jane Ar-
nold, a native of Switzerland, aged €8 years
2 months and 11 days. < »
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
August 14, 1903, at 2 o'clock, from his late
residence, 165 San Carlos avenue, under the
auspices of San Francisco Gruetll Vereln.
Interment Odd. Fellows' - Cemetery. . "'•¦.,
BACON— In this city, August 0, 1903. Edwin,
beloved husband of the late Esther A. Ba-
con, and father of ' Mrs. F. C. Immel and
Charles R. Bacon, a native of Massachusetts,
aged 7(i years. (Modesto, Cal., papers please
copy.) ¦ . - • ¦ - . . -\ .
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment pri-
vate.
CHAMBERS — Entered Into rest, in this city,
August 12. 1903. at her residence. 22 Lib-
erty street, Mary Chambers, beloved wife of
Thomas Chambers, and mother of James
Stevens, May Constance and Katherine
Chambers, a native of County Klldare, Ire-
land.
CONNOLLY — In this city, August .11.' 1903.
infant son of John T. and Mary Connolly, a
native of San Francisco, aged 3 day's. -
CONROY— In this city, August 11, 1903, Wil-
liam J., beloved con of the late Michael and
Margaret Conroy, and brother of James,
. John. Richard M. and the late Daniel Con-
roy, a native of New York, aged 45 years.
UTRemalns at. the parlors of the Pacific
Undertakers, 777 MUsion etreet. Notice pr
funeral hereafter. .... . . . '.
DUNN — In this city, entered into rest! August
11, 1003. in his With year. Michael Thomas,
dearly beloved husband of Margaret Dunn,
idolized father of Mrs. R. G. Johnson, and
devoted stepfather of Mrs. j S. W." Griffiths
and J. F. and J. M. Logan, a native or
County Longford. Ireland. . .
fCf The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), from St. Paul's Church, where a
itolemn requiem mass will be~celebrated for
the recose of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Friends and acquaintances are re-
spectfully invited to attend the mass. In-
terment private, In Holy Cross Cemetery.
EBERLE— In this -city, August 11, 1903, Wal-
burgra Eberle, beloved wife of the late Aloyea
Kberle, and beloved mother of Mrs. August
Maritzen. Anton Eberle, Mrs. . John Jopp
and Peter Eberle. a native of Baden, Ger-
many, aged 63 years 3 months aad It days.
A member cf the Third Order -of St. Fran-
cis and Chrlstllcke Mutter Vereln of St.
Boniface's Church.
£7Frlend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Krlday). at b :30. o'clock,; from 4h« residence '
of her daughter, Mrs. 'August Maritzen/ s-J5
Bryant street, between Sixth and Seventh,
thence to St. Bonlface'B Church. Golden Gate
avenue, near Jones street, where a requiem,
' ' high mass will be celebrated for the repose^
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. ¦ ¦ '
FENNESSEY — An anniversary requiem high
mass will be celebrated in St. Peter's
Church Friday. August 14, at 9 o'clock, for
the repose of the soul of the late Johanna;
FenneBsey. Friends and acquaintances are
respectfully requested to be present. •
GARTLEY— In this city. August 11. 1903.
Sarah J. Uartley, a native of Iowa. (Port-
land. Or., papers please copy.)
ICTThe funeral will take place In Stockton
to-day (Thursday), on the arrival of the
12 o'clock m. Santa Fe train from San
Francisco. Interment Rural Cemetery.
HOFP*— In this city. August 11. 1903, Mrs.
Sarah, widow of the late Victor Hoff. a na-
tive of Lisa. Prussia, aged 67 years. . .
ETFaneral and Interment strictly private.
HOLGER— In Oakland. August 12, 1903, at
M2 Twenty-fourth street, Frederick Adolf,
i . beloved son of John P. and Anna M. Hol-
i £er, a native of Oakland, Cal., aged 2 months
and 5 days. ¦
JACOBS— In this city. August 12. 1903, Solo-
mon, beloved hut-bund of Pauline Jacobs,
and father of Mrs. 1. Goodman. Mrs. J.
Heyraan and Joseph, Myer. Charles S.,
George T., Frank P. and William F. Jacobs,
a native of Poland, aged 71 years.
| ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
I fully invited to attend th« funeral services
to-morrow (Friday), at i):45 o'clock, at his
late residence, 30S Van Neti avenue.. In-
terment Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by 11
o'clock train from Third .and Townsend
etreets. Please omit flowers.
LAWLER— In this city. August 11. 1903, An-
. nle, beloved wife of M. H. Lawler, and sis-
ter of Thomas Conley, a native of Ireland,
aged -40 years.
(ETThe funeral win take place tOrday
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 411 Fifth street, thence ' to St.
Rose's Church, where & requiem high macs
will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. '.. . ¦¦ - . .
McCOMB — In Alameda. Cal.. August 11. 1903.
at 611" Central avenue, "William E., beloved
son of Clara V. and the late Barren N. Mc-
Comb, a native of California, aged '23 yoars
10 months and 24 days. A member of Oak-
land Camp. Woodmen 'of "the 'World.' and
1 Brooklyn Parlor No. 151. N. S. G. W.
McGILLVARY— In Ban " Rafael.' August . 11,
100;!, .William Joseph McGillvary. dearly. be-
loved and -only son of Sarah and the late
Angus McGillvary. and brother of Klttie and
Mary McGlUvary. a native of .San iFran-
clsco,' aged 23 years 8 months and j 4' days.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances arerespect-
¦ fully Invited to. attend the funeral. . to-day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, "from his late
residence, 43 Valley street,' thence to St.
Paul's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at fl o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. .
McMULLIN — In this city. August 12.. 1903.
Augusta R.. bHoved mother of George J. C.
and H. F. McMullin, a native of St. Stephen,
! " New Brunswick. . . . .
ETNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the funeral ' parlors of Bunker & Lunt.
2666 Mission street, between Twenty-second
and Twenty-third, Mission Masonic Temple.
MACK — In' this city, August 12. 1903, John
August Mack, a native of Germany, aged
¦ 83 years. <
MIDDLETON— In Oakland. August 12, 1003,
Arthur B. Mlddleton. beloved husband of the
late Abblc Mlddleton. and brother-in-law of
Mrs. E. Bavada, a native of Stockton. '
MORTON — In this city. August 11, 1003. Mar-
garet E. ; widow of the late J. B. Morton,
and mother of Mrs. P. G. Wood.-Mrs. G. A.
' Folsom, Mrs. Mary E. Shepheard and Henry
F. Morton, a native of 'dishing,- Me., aged
85 years 8 months and 24 days.
tCTFuneral services to-day (Thursday), at
1:15 o'clock, at the : residence. 1509 Jackson
street. Interment private.
MULLANY— In this city, August 11, 1903.
Michael Mullany, beloved husband of Ellen
. Mullany. and brother of James, Thomas and
Mary Mullany, a native of Ireland.
¦ (CTFuneral to-day - (Thursday), at 9:30
o'clock, from St. Dominic's Church. Bush
and Steiner etreets. Inteianent private.'.
MULLEN— In this city. August 11. 1903,' Mich-
ael Mullen, a native of County Tyrone. Ire-
land, aged 60 years. I A member of Riggers'
«u«d Stevedores' Union Association, I Local
1 222 I L. M. and,T., A. -¦¦i&NS&gSS&ii-' -
zy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
( Friday) a t ¦¦ 8 :45 o* clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor A Co.. T«7 Mission street,
thence to I St. Patrick's Church for services
" : at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery- : • . '• ¦ ' •' -. ¦ " * ¦ '¦¦ ¦ -'¦
OEHLMAN— In this city. August 12. 1903,
Henrietta Oehlman. . beloved mother of Mrs.
8 Maria Smith and Richard and Otto Oehlman.
•a native of Germany, aged 79 years 2 months
{[^ NEARESTJ|HE>Cmr_^l
D office: 916 RK^7i 5 T » J
F.« J. Monahan; President .
MONAHAISf & CO,,
.,.'¦.¦ ¦ :¦:.'¦.:--;¦.;¦; (Inc.) ¦
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
2339-2341 Mlaelon Bt. -¦ - Tetonoa* "Mlmlnn 30.
. and 27 days. Honorary member of Ladies'
Aid Society of German Evangelical Lutheran
St. John's Church.;
KTFuneral services Saturday. August 15.
1903, at 1:30 o'clock, at German Evangelical
i Lutheran St. John's Church. Twenty-second
street, between Capp and Howard. Inter-
ment private, by electric funeral car from
corner of Eighteenth and Guerrero streets at
2 o'clock. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
'tery.
PHIPPS— In Oakland, August 11.' 1903. Mar-
garet, wife of the late Joseph Phlpps. and
mother of A. B. Phlpps of San Francisco.
John A. Phlpps of Atnador. Cal.. William
J. Phipps of Newcastle, Pa., Charles E.
Phipps of Sacramento. Cal.. and Frank M.
Phipps ,of Oakland. Cal.. a native of Penn-
sylvania, aged 85 years.
RAYMOND— In San Jose, August 11. 1803.
William* P., husband of Cornelia Raymond,
father of Jessie R. Keating. Cornelia S.
Pierce and Bertha G. Fox. and brother of the
late J. P. Raymond, a native of New Hamp-
shire, aged 74 years.
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets, |
under the auspices of Mount Mortah Lodge
No. 44, F.-and A. M. Interment Laurel Hill
CemeteTy. •
ROBIN— In this city, August 10. 1903. Sophia,
beloved wife of Edward M. Robin, and
mother of Mrs. Ella Bishop and William T.
and Violet R. Robin, a native of Prussia.
Germany, aged 44 years Ji months and 6
days. •
(C^Fi-Iends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services,
Thursday, August 13. 1003. at 2 o'clock, at
the chauel of Charles H. J. Truman & Co.. j
1909 Mission street, between Fifteenth and
Sixteenth. Interment Laurel. Hill Cemetery.
ECHIELE— In this city. August 10. 1903. Al-
fred Schiele. a native of Germany, aged 32
years. A member of Metal Workers' Union
No. 1.
CJTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from . the parlors
of McFadden, McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
SELIG-r-In this city. August 12. 1903, Selig-
man, beloved husband of .Mary Seltg. and
father of Rosetta. Hrttic, Belle. K. R.. Syl-
van and Viola Selig, a native of Germany,
aged 68 years.
GT7"Friend.s and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral sarvlces
Friday, August 14, 1903, at 9:30 o'clock, at
his late residence. 1641 Sutter street. In-
terment Home of Peace Cemetery, by special
train. ; - • -
SMITH— In this city. August 10. 1903. John
S.. beloved husband of Lizzie Smith, father"
.of Elverton. Stanley and Annette Smith.
; brother of - C. -J. and J. . M. Smith, and son
of Mrs. C. H. Spencer, a native of San
Francisco, aged 40 years.
ICFtmeral services to-day (Thursday), at
9 o'clock, at his late residence. 275 Chatta-
nooga street. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
SMITH — In this city," August 12. 1903. Rosa-
lie Smith (nee Blanchard). dearly beloved
wife of Thomas R. Smith, and Bister of
Emanue! Blanchard, a native of San Diego,
Cal.. aged 19 years and 25 days.: ..
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend ,the funeral services
to-morrow (Friday), at ». o'clock., at 707%
Green street, near Powell. . Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. ' . . . .. -. ¦:
SOHL— In this city. August 12. 1803. at her
residence, ?24 Falcon avenue, near Eight-
eenth street, Elsabe, dearly beloved wife of
' John Sohl, and devoted - mother of . Mrs.
James Jenkins, Mrs. Henry Lackm&fm and
John Sohl, a native of Holstetn, Germany,
aged 53 1 years.' .
CT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at- 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
- Theo. Dierks. 957 Mission street, thence by
electric funeral car leaving Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets at 2 o'clock to Mount Olivet
Cemetery for -Interment. - -
¦•SUTTON— In Oakland. August 12. 1903. Mary
Camden Sutton. mother of Charles Sutton,
and grandmother of Lester 'Sarle, a native
of England-, aged 73 years 5 months and 17
days. - -
C7*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Friday), at 2 o'clock, at the
chapel of Oakland Crematory. Please omit
flowers: . • ¦
! WALDSTEIN— In this city. August 11. 1903.
Hannah Waldstein. beloved mother of
Charles. "Fred. Joe. Albert. Jacob. Carolina.
1 Milton and Gertie 'Waldsteln. Mrs. 'Otto Ben
Schuetz and Mrs. F. Trolish. a native of
- ' Germany, aged 60 years y months and 11
flaya. . .. .. ,.
V ICFriends are. invited to. attend the ser-
. vices' at the funeral parlors of James Mc-
Ginn & Co.. 214 Eddy street, at 0:45 o'clock.
WIIITE— In this city. August 11. 1903. Cath-
erine White, beloved mother of James Mc-
Carthy and Mrs. Mary B. McCarthy of
Washington. ..William' McCarthy of New
Brunswick, Canada, Margaret C. Cameron
McCarthy ,£f New Brunswick. Canada, and
t Morris McCarthy of San Francisco, a na-
tive of Mlddleton. County Cork, Ireland.
• aged 83 ' years. (New Brunswick. Canada,
papers please copy.) . ;
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect- ;
' fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of James McGinn & Co.. 214 Eddy j
street, thence to t?t. Brendan's Church for i
Bervicep, commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Hcly Cross Cenietei^r.
WIEBUSCH— In this city, August 12. 1WKJ,
Hc-nry. beloved hcsbar.d of Anna Wlebusch,
anJ lather of Annie, Henrietta. Henry. Clara
and'.Frankie Wi«busoh, a native of Ger-
many, .aced Cl years 8 months and 7 days.
A memtjpT'of Verrin I'intraclit.
ICy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from his late - resl-
• dence, 421 Brannan street, between Third
and Fourth, and thence by carriages to Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery for Interment.
WILLOUGHBY — In Gold City, Cal.. August
11. 1903. Cornelia WUloujrhby. beloved sister
of James E. Fowler of Oakland. Cal.. John
H. Fowler of Santa Rosa, Benjamin Fowler
of Rcdlands, Cal., and Nathaniel Fowler of
Redding, Cal.. a native of New York City,
aged 70 years.
tt^Funeral services will be held Friday.
August 14. 1SKW. at 2 o'clock, at the chapel
of- PC. Gray &. Co., 353 Sutter street- Inter-
-ment Laurel Hill Cemetery. ¦
I REAL^JESTATE— CITY — FOR SALE.
I SPECK- & CO., C67~Marke~t"str^PpT~K>arny.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS AND RENT COL-
LECTORS. %
FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF PROPERTY.
DOWNTOWN BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$140.000— Half block from Market and Maeon
sts.; modern 6-etory brick and iron
building; store. 100 rooms and baths;i
rent $800; leased with cash security:
lot 35x130. ,
, ; CHOICE CORNER.
$100.000— Vicinity Kearny and Bush sts.: busi-
ness property; corner. 57:0x77:6; rents
$515 month; old improvements; last
strictly downtown retail piece for sale.
¦Lk GUARANTEED INVESTMENT. '
*i0,000— New building; one tenant; lot 35xi
137 :« ft.; 10 years' cash secured lease;
positively pays 7V4 per cent net.
—«,w^- SUTTER ST.
$i5.000— 6S:9xl37:6; opposite" Hotel Pleas-
anton; magnificent site for hotel, apart-
roent house or office building; Sutter-
et. property close by has recently sold
t .¦•£,# 300 pcr front foot; make offer.
LARKIN-ST. BUSINESS CORNER, i
?W,000 — Very best corner; 87:6 frontage; fine
: 7. "building; stores and lodging-house; al-
wajs rented.
,r n VE3TERN ADDITION CORNER.
*o0, 000— Annual rents $5172; beautiful, modern
«— building; lot 87x85; pays over 10 per
,, nA^ NORTHWEST CORNER.
$30,000—137:6x137:6; substantial Improve-
ments; Insured for $20,000; mortgage
$30,000 at 5'/i per cent can remkin: pays
8 per cent net.
$18,500— Vicinity Haight and Scott sts.; 68:9x
137:6; fine Improvements; rents $140
per month. ,
GOLDEN GATE PARK FLATS.
$18,000— Lot 50x137:6; fine substantial flats-
facing Golden Gate Park; rents $180-
can be increased.
HAYES ST., NEAR OCTAVIA
$16,000— Stores and flats; rents $115; lot 27-j6x
120 ft.; 2 frontages.
$7,000— Three good flats in Mission; rent <S65
month.
' $6,500— Three fine flats: vicinity ISth and
Castro sts.; rents $6S month; lot 2&U25
$5,250 — Fifth and Clementina sts.; fine front
and rear Improvements; leased 2 years
at $C00 a year.
$5,000— Four .good fiats in Mission; always
¦ rented at $48 month.
$2,650 — New cottage in Mission; 6 rooms and
bath; fine lot.
$1.000— Lot 110x111; corner cottage; 3 rooms;
in Mission.
SPECK & CO.,
667 MARKET BT.
LOT 50x125 FOR $400.
CHARMING Mill Valley Is growing very fast;
new houses are springing up on all sides,
land values are Increasing rapidly; Lyon &
Hoag have placed a new tract on the market,
right at the nation, and are selling lots at
frcm $8 to $12 per front foot on terms of 10
per cent cash, balance $10 monthly; over 80
lots have been sold recently; streets are grad-
ed, water mains laid, electric lights, etc. •
grand old trees; don't delay, but get in on the
ground floor. Branch office, Mill Valley, open
Sunday. Send for booklet. LYON & HOAG
116 Montgomery st. ¦ . '
FOR eale — Bargain; new cozy home; open for
inspection; owner on premises. 846 Clayton
; south of Haight.
A BARGAIN— $4250; corner lot, 2-story bouse;
lot 25x114; 184 Clipper et. See owner on
premises.
BtJT A HOME; STOP PAYING RENT.
Look at those five cottages, on Precita av«.,
west of York st.; take Folsom-st. car; lot
30x150; prices small; terms easy; open from
6 to 7:30 p. tn.: Sunday. 3 to 5 p. tn.. or
address owner. WILLIAM MANN. 40 New
Montgomery st.
$1000—2 new flats. 28th and Mission sts. ;
will rent for $40 per month.
$1500—2 new flats on Army st.. near Mis-
sion. Your friends will loan the balance for
the rent.
P. COFFIN & CO.. 8303 Mission st.
! THE best stock, dairy, fruit and grain ranches
j In State. MOSSMAN, $50 Market st.
i HOUSES from $2000 to $40,000; also other prop-
: trty of all kinds. MOSSMAN. 850" Market.
; FOR sate — Neat cottage; mod. imp*.: same as
rent. Apply SE. cor. Alabama & Montcalm.
REAL ESTATE — Country — For Sale.
FOR SALE.
i Orchard and poultry farm; 49 acres; Sonoma
County: 4O miles from San Francisco.
2000 full -'bearing: fruit trees; this year's crop
approximately 2O.5OO lbs cherries. 4000 lbs
Crawford peaches. 6000 lbs Bartlett pears. 6000'
lbs plums, 4000 boxes apples, 3 acres aspara-
gus. ¦ '¦ ••- '¦ • --••-¦
I 1300 hens. 7 pens fancy fowls, horses, Jersey
I cows and heifers.
; Large barn, fruit houses, chicken houses.
I brooders, incubators, wagons, harness, farming
I and orchard outfit complete and modern.
I Dwelling house 11 rooms; fine vhade groves,
lawns and garden; abundant water.
This year's net income $4000; distant resi-
dence of owner compels sale.
L. E. THOMPSON. 452 Parrott Bldg.. S. F.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards.*
vineyards: Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logue sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 64S
Market st. ¦
$10.000 — 10 ACRES good healthy vineyard near
Llverraore. SILAS C. WRIGHT. Livermora.
ROSS VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
$5000— MODERN home; 8 rooms and bath;
over half acre of grounds; shade trees; 30
fruit trees in bearing; lai-fce stable and out-
houses: located in that particular spot In
Ross Valley that 1» free from asthma: 6 min-
utes' walk from San Anselmo station. In-
quire R. R. agent at San Anselmo. i
WATER front lots and bargains: all tracts;
mapg. photos, etc. HELL. 41" Parrott bldg.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
CALIFORNIA ranches to exchange for East-
ern property; free printed list. MOSSMAN.
850 Market st. ¦
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
JUST WHAT TOU ARE LOOKING FOR*
A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
Surrounded by flowers and fruit trees; near
train and schools; only $2850; lot 75x125.
Nice 5-room cottage and bath.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
Tel Grand 1401. 1500 Park St., Alameda.
BEE THIS — A beautiful home: C-room cottage;
almost new; spick and span; modern plumb-
Ing; fine view; large lot. with bearing fruit
trees; owner going away; only $3000; Just the
place you are looking for.
• - HAMMOND & HAMMOND,
¦¦'"-¦:¦ * 1422 Park St., Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE}.
$2000— HOUSE of 6 rooms; lot 45x100; street
work complete; bouse nearly new; cost
$2500; will take lot In part payment.
$2000— 6 rooms and bath; lot C0xl20; street
work done; modern plumbing; 1 block
from proposed car line.
$400 — Lots half block from Grove-st. car line.
$350O^-7-room house; barn; large lot; on. street
car line; exceptional easy terms 'to re-
sponsible party. .l';<<
$1650— 6-room house, near Collega ave.; lot 40x
120. -
Acreage property adjoining university grounds
from $400 to $700 per acre; fine view of
San Francisco Bay,
.' CHENEY & BERRY.
P. O. Block Berkeley.
$1000—1507 PRINCE et., noar Santa Fo R. R.;
large 8-room house; high basement- sta-
ble; cow barn; 7hou»es for chickens- lot
160x135; etreet work complete; call 'and
inspect.. • ...
W. C. MORAN & CO..
2131 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley.
FINE, new. handsome cottages; up to date fall
conveniences; dose to cars; large lots; $1550
to $1600; only $200 cash, balance $16 60 per
me nth. ¦
W. C. MORAN, Lorin station, nr
C. C. EMSLIE, Ashby Ftation.
AN opportunity seldom met with — I have a
. new 2-story 7-room house, .4 bedrooms,
equipped with all modern conveniences, -gas,
electric lights, etc. ; on an improved street ;
.only 2 blocks from the station, which I will
sell to a reliable party on the ..following
terms: $100 cash and the balance in monthly
installments; whole price $3500.
JOSEPH J. MASON, Real Estate.
Cor. Shattnck ave. and Center. Berkeley., '
$550 — COR. lot. 40x80: nr. Berkeley station.
. $900 — Cor. lot, 40x100; Grove st. •
$2400 — 8-room new • housp, nr. Adeline sta;
$2400— tf-room new house, nr. Ashby eta. •
$5500 — 9-room new house, ; North Berkeley.
i $20 oer foot— rfiplendid . building lot on un- •
proved street, near Berkeley "station." , v - *
JB. E. NEWTON..* 2131 Ceniar.-The regular monthly meeting of the San
Francisco Prohibition Alliance will be
held this evening at the Woman's Chris
tian Temperance Union .: headquarters on
McAllister street. The principal speaker of
the evening will be W. O. t Clark of Dry
town. Amador County. Mr. Clark is an
old war veteran and is here to attend the
G. A. R. encampment. '
Meeting of Prohibition Alliance.
Dr. Koenigstein's Red Salve cures all
skin complaints quickly and thoroughly. •
as far as she was. allowed to go in ex
plaining her domestic troubles..
Shortridge asked for an adjournment
until this morning, stating that the rul
ings of the court on the admisslbility'of
certain evidence' he expected' to develop
by Mrs. Dlllard ; had . upset his calcula
tions regarding time and, he had deferred
summoning ?. further ; until to
day. The court refused the
but to no purpose,' as the attorney for the
defendant occupied ' the remainder of the
session In * calling as > his own witnesses
those .who*' had appeared f or.the prosecu-;
tion and asking them questions that were
mostly declared- irrelevant. Adjournment
was' taken ; until this .-. morning, v when
Shortridge expects • to close his case in
half an hour and then the arguments will
be "' presented. ¦"•' :i3S88B^^S^^&d5SRB
The following promotions and appoint
ments were made - In the Custom-house
yesterday: James J. Bagley, promoted
from watchman of the custodian service
to night inspector in the customs service
at 13 per day; Allen W.' Donovan, appoint
ed messenger at $840 per annum, and John
F. Bagley, appointed opener and : packer.
Custom-House Appointments.
Might have been saved by timely use
of Murine ' Eye Remedy, with Banene
taken Internally. . Murine and Banene are
the- onlv cataract absorbents. Murine
cures eyes, makes weak eyes strong.
Doesn't smart. - . •
Jules Verne's Eyesight
Strong support was given the "plan by
Mrs. Margaret Deane, past grand presi
dent, and the ) council was thoroughly in
accord with the proposal to institute such
a home as a branch to the work. There
were many other important matters dealt
with. To-night a banquet will be given
by the society.
The sum of J7062 GO had been expended
during the year for charitable purposes
and the reports show, too, that independ
ent of money relief the needy had b«en
supplied with '_ medicines, clothing and
food.
Miss Carr drew attention, to the im
provements that had been made on the
Hotel del Mar at Santa Cruz.
The subject of organizing a girls' home
in San Francisco was discussed and It
was stated that Archbishop Rlordan and
Archbishop gave their in
dorsement to the establishment of such
an institution.
At the meeting of the Catholic Ladies'
Aid Society yesterday the grand president.
Miss Mary Carr, presented her report,
which showed the organization to be In a
satisfactory and prosperous condition.
The secretary's report also gave the
greatest encouragement to the supporters
of the organization.
Archbishops Biordan and Montgom
ery Indorse Movement to Estab
lish Girls' Home in City.
CATHOLIC LADIES' AID
SOCIETY'S GOOD WORK
Mrs. M. Brockhoff, 814 Treat 'avenue,
secured a warrant from Police Judge Mo
gan yesterday for the arrest of Peter
Allen, a teamster who lives across .the
street from her, on a charge of batteryT
She said that she and Allen had an argu
ment about* her gate being left open and
her . pet dog wandering, around Allen's
premises and he used vulgar language
toward her and struck her on the breast.
Pet Dog Leads to Trouble.
On Sunday, August 23, the California North
western Railway will run .an excursion" to
L'klah through that most picturesque section of
the State— Marln. Santa Rosa and Russian
River Valleys — charging only $2 for the round
trip. Kach ticket sold insures a spat, for the
company will not sell a single ticket above
the number of seats provided. They will be
on sale commencing Monday. August IT, at
ticket office. C50 Market street. (Chronicle
building) and at Tlburon Ferry. Time , of de
parture from Tlburon Ferry will be 8:30 a. m. ;
from Ukiah on the return, 5:00 p. m. •
Ukiah Excursion.
Nathan A. Arluck, peddler, 1504 Church
street, secured a warrant from Police
Judge ilogan yesterday for the arrest of
Harry Robin on a charge of misdemeanor
embezzlement. He alleges that he gave
Hobin a wagonload of vegetables to ped
dle on Tuesday and Robin left the team
and wagon wandering around the Mission
after he had disposed of the load and dls.
appeared with the money he had col
lected, about J2S. /
Peddler Says He Was Swindled.
If the be«t educators and Board* of Educa
tion indorse Bank Stock paper, it is the best
to be had. Mysell-RolUna. 22 Clay. • ,
A number of residents of the Mission
have decided to form an organization
which will be known as the Mission Park
Club, the object being to agitate for the
construction of a recreation park in the
Mission. The site which Is advocated is
the. old Jewish Cemetery, between 1 Eight
eenth, Twentieth, Dolores and Church
streets. Those having the matter under
consideration and who have been Indus
triously getting signatures to a petition
have called a meeting of citizens to be
held at the Turn Verein Hall, Eighteenth
street, near Valencia, on ,Saturday even
ing.
Recreation Park for Mission.
To controvert this allegation Brotherton
says he Is prepared to introduce the co
partnership papers, joint bank books and
receipts for over 53,000,000 of remittances
made by him to Kemp Van Ee during the
period over which their joint business re
lations are supposed to have existed.
Since the early part of July the American
Consul in London has been taking deposi
tions there, about . twenty-eight in num
ber, to prove that he and Kemp Van Ee
did business in the English metropolis
together, in sumptuously furnished of
fices, and were widely known thera as
mining partners. ,
The suit will first come up in the Calav
eras County courts, but eventually will be
transferred to the United States courts,
where Its progress will be carefully
watched by local mining men, for the de
velopments are "expected to be fraught
with considerable interesting matter re
garding the handling of California mines
among British investors.
Separated only by partitions and the
hatred they bear each other, two promi
nent mining men, who for years were as
sociated in the development of California
properties and plans for floating them on
the London market, are now at the Pal
ace Hotel, where, with their respective
attorneys, they are preparing for a bitter
fight in the courts of the State.
One of the gentlemen is J. C. Kemp Van
Ee, who is widely known In Northern
California, where he has operated for
many years, and the other Is J. H. Broth
erton of Denver, who has come West. to
inaugurate litigation in the courts over a
mine, In which he claims to have a com
mon intprest wlrff the first named. The
proposed suit involves the Royal group of
mines, situated in . Calaveras Couaty,
which have gained considerable promi
nence by reason of the fact that they
were recently disposed of to an English
syndicate for a large sum.
It is this sale that is responsible for the
trouble bcteween Kemp Van Ee and Broth
crton and for the bringing of Brotherton
to the coast. According to the allegations
upon which Brotherton's suit will be
based, he and Kemp Van Ee are bound
together In a business way by a copart
nership dating back to 1886. Three years
ago Kemp Van Ee purchased the Royal
property at Hodson from its owners, J.
D. Peters, J. V. Castle and I, R. Wilbur
of Stockton, the price being 5400,000. paya
ble In cash at certain periods within four
years. After about $65,000 had been paid
on the purchase price, it is chargedj by
Brotherton, that Kemp Van Ee secured
a title to the property and recently trans
ferred It to London capitalists. In this
deal Kemp Van Ee, it is claimed, paid no
heed to the copartnership arrangement
between himself and Brotherton and re
fused to share the profits of the deal with
the Denver man. In fact, the first named
Insists that the copartnership does not
exist and that Brotherton has no claim
upon the profits of the Royal mine.
J. H. Brother ton Claims
a Partnership With
Kemp Van Ee.
NUTS A SHARE
OF MINING DEAL
Harry Reinfeldt, who resides at 21
Harrison avenue, forced his 19-year-old
wife and her infant girl of 5 months to
leave their abode yesterday afternoon.
The unfortunate woman, bearing her child
in her arms, applied at the Emergency
Hoepital for aid and she told a tearful
Ftory of treatment to the doctors in
charge.
According to the woman's statement her
husband Is a drunken, worthless fellow.
and he continually abuses both herself
and her child. Yesterday, according to
her statement, he turned them both out
cf doors, and as the poor woman had no
other place to go she sought refuge at the
hospital. The Society for the Prevention
cf Cruelty to Children will look Into -the
case.
Mrs. riarry Reinfeldt Tells Pitiful
Story of Abuse by Drunken
Husband.
FORCES WIFE AND INFANT
TO LEAVE THEIR ABODE
Attorney Moore was seen after the
breaking up of the proceedings. He says
that Livernash Is simply fighting for time
and delaying the case so as to ''put In
evidence. Livernash says that If he closes
his case now he will be under a great dis
advantage. He does not know when and
where the arbitrators will meet and he
thinks that he Is giving the street car
company an undue advantage If he closes
his case and then gives Attorney Moore
all the time he wants to complete his end.
Livernash is smphatic in his declaration
that he will liot think of reopening his
side of the case for two weeks at least.
"As I said before," replied .Livernash,
"I am willing to send a telegram to the
arbitrators asking them when they will
meet and where."
"If I don't hear from' the arbitrators I
will go on with the case the day after
to-morrow, whether you are here or not."
said Moore, and he slammed his books
together and left the room. "This Is my
first and last experience with arbitration
boards."
"Now look here, Mr. Uvernash," said
Moore, who was getting angrier every
second. "You have said . several times
•you don't care.' I know you don't care;
you are not, supposed to,care; but gentle
men when .they meet generally keep their
feelings to themselves." .
"I don't care," Livernash fired br»k.
"What are you going to do? I don't
call yrfur action adjourning." said Moore.
"All you are doing is walking out on the
case."
"Well, we will adjourn anyhow." snap
ped Livernash, rising from the table and
putting on his hat.
"Parties are supposed to go to trial
fully prepared when their case is called,"
continued Moore. "I insist that this case
goes on."
"I am willing to telegraph the arbitra
tors, Informing them of the situation,"
Euggested Livernash.
. "I will not agree to anything." said
Moore. "I want the case to go on."
"WE'LI/ ADJOURN ANYHOW."
When Livernash had finished reading
his statement Moore at once objected to
an adjournment for two weeks.
"There is no reason, for it," he said.
"I see no reason why we should not pro
ceed. I object to these continual ad
journments; you had one two weeks ago."
"When I had an adjournment before,"
replied Livernash, "it was because I
wanted to secure the testimony of seventy
witnesses. If they had been called to
this courtroom It would have taken a
month's time before they would have all
been fully examined." *
:er thus gathered and prepared considerable
Ame should be ppent If the task is to be ade
luately performed.
Therefore, at this stage. I suggest an ad
iournment for two weeks. /i-,.";
Inasmuch' as there can be no sitting of the
arbitration - commission earlier than the last
of September. I feel that the cause of the Car
men's Union can be promoted without injustice
to the- United Railroads by postponing the pre
sentation of the matter mentioned In the first
five paragraphs concerning matter to be sub
mlttedr I feel that a fortnight hence, or there
abouts.-I could .make a considerably more sat
isfactory showing than I am in a position to
make- to-day.- All of such matter can then be
presented ln-.-half a day. I believe that it will
all be-presented In written form. ; . •
Concerning .'the evidence relative to condi
tions' affecting cost,, of- Hying " and affecting
street railway service In cities other than San
Francisco, '"I have this to nay:
If the ruling of the arbitration commission
concerning my objection evidence of that
character presented by the United Railroads
shall be sustained, then there will be no occa
sion for producing on behalf of the Carmen's
Union any matter to rebut such evidence. I
am earnestly of the conviction that the ruling
of the commission will be with me In this re
gard. I do not feel, therefore, like entering at
this stage of the proceedings upon rebuttal in
this regard and shall not submit matter in re
buttal unless the ruling of the commission shall
make that course a proper one.
I am the more determined in this respect be
cause I am not yet fully prepared to rebut the
United Railroads' case as to cities other than
San ¦ Francisco. • The testimony before the com
mission shown that the United Railroads has
devoted months of effort on the part cf ex
perts / to gathering statistics in cities other
than San Francisco and in preparing tables
based upon those statistics. To rebut the mat-
NEEDS MORE TIME.
Fourth — Evidence relative- to-- the firm - of
Murray & Ready, being In rebuttal of testi
mony given by Mr. Ready.
Fifth— Affidavits relative to the supply of
labor in San Francisco and in California gen
erally. ,^ v
Sixth — Evidence relative to conditions affect
ing cost of living and affecting street-railway
service in, ckles other than San Francisco.
First-rSlgned . statements affecting the Amer
ican standard of llving-in San Francisco, etc. —
statements forming a part of our case in chief.
Second— Evidence relative to the Spring,Val
ley Water Company's census of San Francisco —
evidence forming a part -of our case in chief.
Third— Affidavits relative to the retail price
of bread in San Francisco.
I am in receipt of a telegrram from Mr. "W.
D. ilahon, a member of the arbitration com
mission, informing me that It will be impossi
ble for him to participate In any sitting of the
commission before the last of September,
whether here or in the East. This information
leads me to vary somewhat my plans as to our
case In rebuttal.
I have' yet to submit the following matter:
The trouble all started yesterday aft
erncon at 2 o'clock. Attorney Moore was
the first on hand, and In answer to the
question, "How much longer did he think
it would take to close the case?" he re
plied that when Livernash was finished
with his rebuttal he could close for the
railroad in about two hours. -
About this time Livernash arrived in
the courtroom and at once began by read
ing a prepared statement asking for an
adjournment of the case for two wtekc.
He said: »
On account of Livernash, counsel »fpr
the'Carmen'a Union, refusing to go on
with his side of the case for two weeks
the arbitration proceedings which are now
pending between' -the carmen and the
United Railroads broke up in a row yes
terday afternoon^ Livernash will net
close his case until he hears from the
arbitrators when and where they will
meet to render their decision In the case.
On the other hand, Attorney Moore, rep
resenting the street car corporation, la
emphatic in the statement that he vill
brook no further 'delay and that he will
resume day after to-morrow whether Liv
ernash' Is In the courtroom or not.
Gavin McNab is not disturbed in the
least by the claims of his opponents. He
is quite well satisfied with the outcome
of the primary election.
In Republican circles and among tax
paying citizens generally there is rejoic
ing over the victory won at the polls last*
Tuesday by the supporters of the United
Republican League. The success was 'so
complete and decisive along, the whole
line of boss resistance that the insurgents
in every district are preparing to sur
render. The successful Republicans now
say that it is up to the delegates-elect to
give the party a ticket composed of the
most capable and reputable men In the
community. The confidence in their abil
ity to win out at the November election
Is unbounded. ! The measure of success,
however, will depend upon the character
of the ticket nominated by the conven
tion. The Republican voters will never
stand for any dark and secret program
ming cf delegations, but will insist that
nominations be made by. \the delegates
themselves on the floor of the convention.
The bright prospect of victory is bring
ing out a legion of candidates.
Leading men in the Democratic League
resent the suggestion that Ralney con
controls any of the district delegations. It
is further asserted at league headquarters
that Gavin McNab's forces are not strong
enough to swing the convention. The
claim is advanced that many of , the dele
gates claimed by the county committee
organization cannot be programmed.
RAINEY CONTROL DENIED.
Sheriff Lackmann yesterday dismissed
Patrick Walsh from his position as bai
liff in Judge Troutt's court. The reason
ascribed Is that Walsh took too prominent
a part In the primary election in the In
terest of the Martin Kelly faction.
William G. Antonovich, president of the
County Committee Club, claims that there
is one ballot in the ballot box which has
not been counted which will elect the
seven delegates of his faction. Under the
primary law, however, the ballot cannot
be counted by the Election Commission,
but the municipal convention must decide
as to Its status.
This makes ten delegates elected out
of seventeen. A peculiar condition exists
for the remaining seven delegates to be
chosen, as fourteen names appear to have
each received 267 votes to-be divided
among the seven to be elected. Five of
'the fourteen are "Horse and Cart" candi
' dates and nine are on the County Com
mittee ticket. The "Horse and Carts"
will thus have two and a half votes in
addition to their other two, or a total of
-four and a half delegates, and the County
Committee "gets four and a half votes
out of the seven tied, or a total of twelve
and a half.
The County. Committee elects eight del
egates—Joseph Valente, Walter J. de
Martini, Thomas Foley, David Capurro,
Paul Vlautin, Mario Forno, Fred Boden
and Harry C. Simi.
The Board of Election Commissioners
yesterday afternoon began the official
count of the returns of the primary elec
tion-held last Tuesday. The Twenty
eighth, Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth As
sembly districts were counted, with no
changes in the results. In those districts
the delegates named by the United Re
publican League, the Democratic County
Committee,- the Ewell-Aubertine wing: of
the Union Labor party and the Socialists
were successful.
The most important change was dis
covered by Deputy Registrar Gordon In
the Forty-rffth District, where the first
returns showed that the * Democratic
County Committee had elected seventeen
delegates. Gordon found that in this dis
trict the "Horse and Cart" Club elect two
delegates— William Ortelll and George
Seekamj). -•
In answer, to questions by Shortridge
she indicated that the reason for Dillard's
departure from '• the city was due to a
auarrel between her ajnd him. ' That was
"No, sir," she answered. . /
"Well, you better be more, careful here
after/or you will, find yourself in jail,"
cautioned the Judge.
.Woodworth was for committing her^
but the "Judge decided to give her the ben
efit of the doubt.'' '
•Mrs. Dlllard, the defendant's wife, who
is said to be an octoroon, although she
looks like a white woman, nearly had her
self committed for contempt in her anx
iety to answer a question over the ruling
of the court. Shortridge asked her if
after her husband's departure from the
city she had been Informed by Collector
Lynch that all of defendant's accounts
were straight. The objection to the ques
tion was sustained and Judge de Haven
cautioned the witness not to answer. De
spite the warning she chirruped forth;
"Yes. he did."
"Did you hear me tell you not to answer
that question?" demanded Judge de Ha
ven. . ¦ ¦ . , ¦¦ . ¦ . j- --...¦¦;.".¦'¦¦¦
MRS. DILLARD OFFENDS.
Dillard was finally given up by Wood
worth and after eliciting some few fur
ther facts from him regarding the meth
od of leaving for signature the duplicate
and original ! certificates on Collector
Lynch's desk, Shortridge dismissed his
client from the witness stand.
"Your Honor, I apologize," he 'said,
"but no man can tell a witness that he
Is swearing falsely when I am his attor
ney."
Judge de Haven cut short the retort on
the lips of Woodworth and delivered to
him a severe lecture, cautioning him not
to offend again by commenting on the
testimony during the examination. He
told him ' that the proper time for com
ment was during hia argument.
The court rapped sharply for order and
Shortridge bowed thrice in the manner
of a gentleman of the old school. But he
returned to the attack.
"I desire to state," he said, "that what
the witness says is not false." -^
Again the court pounded his desk and
Shortridge bowed again.
SHORTRIDGE IS COURTLY.
Shortridge was on his feet in an Instant.
"Do I understand counsel to say that
what the witness states is false?" he
asked in an awe-stricken voice. v
Woodworth flared up In an instant an3
exclaimed: "What the witness says is
false."
"You were careful to keep me from any
opportunity to examine the papers in the?
case." v
It was while trying to involve the wit
ness regarding this transaction that At
torney Woodworth drew upon himself a
censure from Judge de Haven for his
treatment of the witness. He asked Dil
lard if he had ever seen the Deming let
ter since the morning of April 22, when it
was received. He said he had not and
added: ¦ - ••-""-.
Regarding the letter of April 22 from
Deming. X. M., Inclosing a photographic
copy of Lynch's signature on one of the
alleged false certificates, which started
the investigation. Dillard testified that
he opened the letter in the presence of
Lynch without looking at its contents
and handed it over to him. He further
swore that Lynch, after reading the let
ter and looking at the photographic re
production of what purported to be his
signature, directed the witness' to write
a letter telling the Deming authorities
that the signature was genuine. Dillard
said he started to tell Miss Monnet, the
stenographer, to take the reply, but
Lynch suggested that the witness would
better write the letter with his own hand,
as the words, "in California," in wit
ness' handwriting also appeared in the
photographic reproduction, and this
would be doubly- convincing to the Dem
ing authorities. 'He' 'said that Chief
Deputy George Wright was present and
heard the conversation. The witness -was
taken over this ground time and again,
but he never varied In his statement of
the circumstances.
STICKS TO HIS STORY.
Despite his lack of memory he made an
excellent witness for himself. He was
not trapped into any admissions that did
him harm, despite the repeated efforts of
Woodworth to make him commit himself.
His contention that he had never issued
a certificate without having an applica
tion presented to him and that every one
of those issued by him had been submit
ted to the Collector for his signature was
skillfully adhered to.
The absence of receipts on the back of
the original certificates, which he testified
he Invariably demanded when Issuing a
duplicate, he explained by stating that it
was often the custom to take these re
ceipts separately on a typewritten sheet
and attach them to the certificate. He
thought some of the missing ones might
have become separated in handling the
papers. Woodworth pressed this point
strongly, but it acted somewhat in the
nature of a boomerang when on redirect
examination it developed that out of a
bundle of about fifty certificates which
the - prosecution admitted to be genuine
thirteen v/ere without receipts.
In regard to the latter defense he ex
plained that it was his custom when ap
plication was made for a certificate that
had been Issued by some one other than
himself to look up the original applica
tion and to see that they corresponded.
But in cases where he had issued the
original certificate himself he often made
the reissue from the data set forth in
the second application, as he was satis
fied that the oriKlnal certificate had been
issued properly and he assumed that the
facts stated in the application were cor
rect. Other errors he attributed to cleri
cal causes and pleaded in extenuation for
his carelessness the large amount of work
he was called upon to perform.
HOW ERRORS OCCURRED.
Under the kindly ministering of Sam
uel M. Shortrldee, the' defendant's attor
ney, Dillard's memory of occurrences con
nected with the issuance of the alleged
forged certificates was brilliant, scintil
lant, resourceful. But when District At
torney Woodworth started to probe into
the irregularities of some forty odd al
leged spurious certificates the defendant's
ifecollective powers suffered an almost to
tal eclipse. Everything that might tend
to explain the causes which lead to the
admitted discrepancies between the dupli
cates and the originals in the Collector's
office was-surprisingly dim and misty in
his- mind. Upon two rocks he built his
defense — clerical errors that he might
have committed inadvertently and mis
representations in the applications . pre
sented by those asking for duplicate cer
tificates. . -V"i
United States District Attorney Wood
worth encountered a difficult task yes
terday when he cross-examined William
H. Dlllard, the colored ex-clerk of the
Internal Revenue Office who Is now on
trial in the United States District Court
charged with issuing false certificates of
residence for Chinamen and forging
thereto the name of John C. Lynch, the
Collector for this district.
"Horse and Cart" Club Se
cures Representation in
;; the Forty-Fifth.
Government Attorney Wood
worth Finds Him Dif
ficult to Quiz.
Arbitration Hearing Comes
to Abrupt Temporary
Results Not Changed in
28th, 29th and 30th
Districta
Puts on Hat and' Walks
Out Despite Protest
of Moore.
His Memory Flares and
Pails While He Is
on the Stand.
BEGINS OFFICIAL
COUNT 0 F VOTES
DILLARD MAKES
SHREWD WITNESS
CASE STOPPED
BY LIVERNASH
THE v SAN FEANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 13, 1903.
SARATOGA SPRINGS N. Y. Aug. J2 —
John W .Gates, who is at the United States
Hotel. Is suffering from chronic dysentery but
the attending physician says his patient is not
In * serious condition.
C. S. Hoftan, who on June 20 last pur
chased from his partner, H. Rosnetcky.
his Interest • In > their blacksml thing busi
ness i at > 417, Sixth . street, sued yesterday
for,, an • Injunction restraining : Rosnetcky
from starting > a similar business at . 056
Stevenson street. He ¦ claims the latter
agreed "when he sold out not to open a
shop within a radius of eight blocks of
the -Sixth-street ¦ shop within a year.
Would Restrain Bosnetcky.
14
' APyEBTISEMBgTS.
I Hsr A «¦ ¦* 4 Bww B Jfctff'W t!
AVc Give Good Cosh Value. ItPays
Us to Treat You Right.
BEST SUGAR, Si4c POUND.
MINXTE TAPIOCA. 3 PKGS. 25c.
READY SOUPS, Ue 25c qt cans .... 15c
each quality cannot b« made at your home
without great cxpenee. The reaaon of thl« price
. Is our» — the benefit yours. Chicken, Oxtail
*I<yk Turtle. Beef. Doxen assorted. Jl 75.
PEST COKX ETAKCH. 10c PKGS. Sc.
SEEDED RAISINS. 10c packages 5c
Large, clean, tender Raisins; seeds removed.
TABLE SYRUP. 75c GAL. CAN* 50c.
BEST BUTTER, lar*e squares . . .37#c
Finest product of Huiabold^ Creamery. Thuri-
day.
TANGLEFOOT. 6 LARGE SHEETS 5c. "
UOFT-S MALT EXTRACT. BOT. 25c.
EXTRA OYSTERS, 15c can at ....... 10c
Peerless In name, quality and flavor.
FANCY 15c COMB HOXEY 10c
SUPERIOR TOILET TISSUE, 10c pack-
age 5C
8 BEST SAND SOAP 25c
JAVA and MOCHA -BROKEN" ?
COFFEE, 3 lbs 50c
One cf our standing specials. Freeh roasted.
Rare value.
GRAHAM CRACKERS. 2 LBS. 25c
SOAP, "Corona." 8 bars 25c
Made by Queen Lily Soap Co. Box 100 bars.
SO LB. SACK TABLE SALT «0c.
TABLE CLARET XXX, Sail on .. ~^lDc
S-year. Smooth, rich body wine. Worth COc
SEE OUR SOUP SPECIAL!
gl 25 BOT. MALT WHISKY 78c.
DOLLAR WHISKY, all brands, bot.. 75c
Jesae Moore. Wllapn. Hermitage. Old Crow,
Honcgram. etc. All genuine; 3 limit.
GROCERIES AND WINES SHIPPED FREE.
1001 FILLM0RE ST. 119 TAYLOR ST.
ITEWMAN & LEViySON.
Kcaro j m4 Sntter Sts. 4-^*+*^^&s&
Ladies' Knit Underwear
(First Floor Kearny Street) • '.'.[
We never had a larger or finer assortment of Knit Under-
wear—Ladies' have come to realize that this is the place to
buy their underwear— for unquestionably our qualities are the
best and prices the lowest— as for instance :
I imnorted white cotton Ladies' UNION SUITS, of fine
V^TS-s™M« ribbed, low neck ribbed cotton, In High neck with
and no sleeves; white only; -- long or short sleeves, an ex- --
worth 50c each, special at -... 35c ceptional value at, per suit -... /3C
Ladies' imported lisle VESTS, . Ladies' lisle fhread TIGHTS, fine
sui«s ribbed, with hand crocheted ribbed, ankle lencth, in white or
yokes, in white, pink and __ biack— one of the best values _-
blue; worth Ji.oo special at... /3C offered this season, at per pair '^v
Excellent Corset Values
Four New Models— Unequaled for comfort and perfection of fit
[Third Floor Keirny Street]
Bias gored, straight front Corsets Straight front Corsets, made of
with low bust and medium hips, in pretty figured Coutille, in light and
black.gray and white, at *< nn dark colors; perfect in shape; _«
per pair - $1.UU short hips; per pair ?£.ou
Straight front Girdles, of fine Fine Imported Corsets, made of
<jualitv Batiste, in the new princess tan and white coutille, in latest
hip effect, white only; fine f _ A shape, with low bust and nn
value at, per pair ~ $1.OU long hips; special per pair «~ jo.VV
Ladies' Stylish Gloves $1.00
(Fir»t Floor Kearny Str*«t] . -
Our "Gascon" Mocha Gloves for ladies have attained a
wide spread popularity for fit,sty!e and durability; they are.the
correct gloves for street wear — have two clasps, neatly em-
broidered backs, and are pique sewed. A new shipment has
just arrived in ill sizes in black, grays and beavers— j ~ ~
no better glove in the world at, per pair....; vpl.UU
Silk Grenadines 50c
[First Floor Kearny Street]
These charming Silk Grenadines cannot be matched
anywhere at this price — They are regular 75c quality, with
fine lustre and in beautiful stripe effects — some are black with
white stripes, others black ground with black satin stripes:
24 inches wide — The special price to-day is, per Cf%r%
yard
Newest Styles in Ladies' Knitted
Blouses, Vests and Jackets
They can be worn with or without a coat — excellent for
cool evenings instead of a shawl and are most comfortable
when playing golf, or when bicycling, yachting or horsetfack
riding — We have them knitted in dozens of different stitches in
various color combinations — Prices range
Ladies' Wool Knit Vests, without sleeves... 11.25, $2.00 and $3.00 Each
Ladies' Wool Knit Vests, with sleeves J3.50, *4.50 and f5.00 Each
Ladies' Wool Knit Jacket, fine qualities ...-$4.00, $5.00 and $6.00 Each
HALE'S. _JEfiE2:
• - —
i ; ¦ 'Mj- j •'"At Hale's. " ,:
German Table Linen 45c.
It's a soft bleached cloth, without a particle of dressing in it.
For it's pure flax and doesn't need something to make it look
better than it is.
: 45c is less than we usually ask.
Even our regular price beats anything we've seen in the city.
But the biggest difference in Hale's and other's linens shows up
when you match the quality. That's why we have taken this one
this morning with which to make an example. It's so good and
true we have .made the price less than we need to in order to
make it worth your while to buy it and see for yourself what
merit' there is in Hale's Good Goods. *
.. Damask Napkins (all linen) will be $1.35.
Flannelettes at 10c. Fruit Jars Again.
Are so new and pretty. The best jars.
We pick them out this morn- , > V
ing with which to call your at- c _ Dozen pints .
tention to all the new flannels , \^_ Dosen V rts .
' Not Joo earlv to find what _ „ , r . . , . . 4 : -"¦ ¦'.
, A . . • o ' 1 . tt 1 ? Ball Mason jars in which the glass
. you want in flannels at Hale s. is smooth, even thickness with no
___ _~ *>-^. i rough edges, porcelain lined caps,
Male s Royal Serges — bent rubbers.
But 50c a yard. J el] y £ Iass es 30c dozen.
They beat anything we know of.
CaffoS^s^-burL'^mt': Foldin S Go-Carts $3.00.
have seen all the other serges and An English Stvle, with some
given them a weight and dye and -«r , - * .„ T t.,
finish others haven't! v \ ' Yankee improvements. I he
Staple colors and black. sfearinsf is strong: : so are the
38 inches wide. & . & ,,,, . & r t,
springs. Wheels are of heavy
Shell Hair Combs. steel. They fold* up as snugly
sc, ioc and 15c. :a\; ' as a f an ; not much heavier than
You 11 do well to take advantage • . . , .
of to-d^y. a satchel to earn*.
5c empire combs, plain and fancy tops "V «-»'' «• • . + * «e.
and with firm, heavy teeth. Reclining CartS $4.95.
• Ec dozen hair pins, waved, shell cr They're full size and the reed la varnished
amber, black. ¦.—^ _,, and well finished, has separate back and foot
10c hair buckles, 2% Inches wide, fine attachment so It can be made Into a comfort-
waved teeth, clever piece for hoM- able bed. Has new scroll sprlnsc Rearing in
\t ' Ing stray locks in place. green, with patent springs on the wheels.
> 10c side combs, 4 Inches long, with . . _
fine teeth, narrow auiii top?, shell $9.45 Combination Qo-Cart
or amber. . -.
15c hair clasps, 3 Inches Ion?, shel? and Carriage.
or amber. fvi th fancy »ldes. extra high and closely
¦ -. /ssf a_. woven, with a rolling front, upholstered cush-
/»/ i-B> lon " rufflecl parasol, an well as new Ideas In
*** *^^joon r.t*J>A^^ G* r A. /?'. Decorations and
Market street, near Sixth. Pictures at Hale's/ > L
ADVERTISEMENTS.
APVXBTISEMlIjrrS.
hsflF^fc^sS & ¦ H ~~^h^^^h^I
39 STOCKTON STBIEI.
Telephone Main' 5523.
"W'e invite your special attention to our
Delicatessen Department, which 1» now a
features of our establishment. Here are our
Thursday, Friday and Saturday
SPECIALS, v^
CREAMERY BUTTER, 2 sqs for 75c
Usual high srade. * Res. 45c «qr.
FRENCH CASTILE SOAP, per bar 25c
Felix Eydoux Virgin. Res. aoc
VICTORIA BLEND TEA, per Ib 45c
' Used once,' you'll use no other. Iteff. 60c
SLICED PINEAPPLE, per can 15c
Fresh Singapore stock. Res. 20c
TOILET PAPER, rolls or pkgs, 4 for 25c
Full count. Reg. 3 for 23c
SAGO AND TAPIOCA, 6 lbs for 25c
Reg. 4 for 25c
Ideal Flavoring Extracts, per bot 20c
Vanilla. Lemon, Strawberry, Raspberry
Almond and Orange. ' Reg:. 23c
Armour's Boned Chicken, per can 25c
A fine dish tor luncheon.
PEERLESS ICE CREAM FREEZERS—
1 qt 2 qt 3 qt . 4 qt 6 qt
Special. f 1.3S SI. TO «1J)5 92.25 ?2.so
Reg. ..$1.70 *'_\2O $2.60 $2.95 $3.73
0 K BOURBON per bot 75c, gal $3
A very popular brand. Reg. $1.U>-$4.00 .
ZINFANDEL, per gal We
Well aged, full flavor. Regr. 75c
MT. YERNON RYE, per bot 95c
A very old article. Regr. $1.33
WHITE LABEL PORTER, per doza85
Guinness" famous stoat. Reg. $2.00
CITY A5D COUUTRT OBDERS SOLICITED.
F NTS^UWALID5^
T»Aor gfer^ii^ man *
¦ - : .-~ v ¦ ¦ ' ¦
Sweet sleep comes to the baby
who is properly fed with a
proper food. Mellin's Food
babies sleep well.
A postal reques>-AvUl bring; a sampls of Mel-
Sn V-. Food right to your home.
WELLING FOOD CO., BOSTON, MASS.
.WJ'VlllhVIS
'^ § !: SALE. PRICE
1 1| I. usufeT-75+
Wj^P SPLENDID
**. . CHANCE
TO TEST
MARKS BROS'
WRAPPERS
— FOR—
STYLE, SNAP and PRICE
The WRAPPER, as ILLUS-
TRATED, shows the correct
hang of our garments as
they really are, not only as
they ought to be.
AQf% Sale Price for our
tO I* 75c WRAPPERS
OQ n Sale Price for our
Oi7G $1.25 WRAPPERS
QO^ Sale Price for our.
aoL ' $1.50 WRAPPERS
(J / O K Sale Price for our
S>I.OO $2_W RAPPERS V\
These 'WRAPPERS come in
stripes, sprigged with pretty flor-
als and white figures on charming
cool and new. back grounds, made
; with or; without yoke. .Trimmed
with brete/les and ruffles. Wide
skirt. Deep' flounce. . Good sized
hem. Fancifully trimmed with
soutache braid. Popular Bishop
sleeves.. Soft turnover collar.
'Plaited back;
' We have a choice line of Wrap-
pers to .select ; from. "¦ About 50
Jn, all, made up in many
i different qualities and materials. /
All sizes. \
MARKS BROS.;
1220-22-24 Market St.,
- Trading Stamps given with every
'PURCHASE.; . - *
• : Send for ; our Illustrated