PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCIY-XO. 69.
A N unidentified man was shot and killed near Davisville yesterday afternoon by Constable
Hainline and Deputy Sheriff Johnson, zvho tried to arrest him, believing him to be one of
t the Folsom escapes. The stranger ran off instead of obeying their command to halt and was
shot down. Detective- Max Fisher met Convict Fahey in Sacramento last night and fired five
shots at him. Fahey got away. He was accompanied by a man believed to be Outlaw Miller.
DAVISVILLE OFFICERS KILL SUSPECT WHO REFUSED TO HALT.
DETECTIVE FISHER SHOOTS AT OUTLAW FAHEY IN SACRAMENTO
PRISONER IN TANKS IN THIS CITY MAY BE CONVICT HOWARD
TURKISH TROOPS WITH ARTILLERY
DEFEAT A LARGE BULGARIAN FORCE
Four Battalions of Sultan's Soldiers
and Seventeen Hundred Bulgarians
in Combat Near Sorovitch.
SALONICA, Aug. 7.— Four battalions of Turk
ish troops, "supported by
and routed a body of 1700 Bulgarians near Sorovitch.
BULGARIAN RULER WHO IS STRIVING TO KEEP HIS. PEOPLE FROM
WAR WITH TURKEY, AND LEADER WHO WILL COMMAND THE
MACEDONIAN INSURGENTS. ; .
Continued on Page 3, Column 4.
Continued on Fags 3, Column 3.
BARCELONA/ Spairrr-Aug. 7.— A ter
rible fire has totally destroyed a quarter
of Esperragua occupied by the working
people. Three thousand families were
rendered - destitute and some workmen
perished In the flames." Esperragua is
fourteen ' miles west of Barcelona.
Thousands of Homes Burned.
LONDON. -Aug. J-— As fax as ;*. officials
representing the Balkan states here' are
aware, the .Macedonian .committee : does
not possess -sufficient' funds to inaugurate
a successful revolution, but it hopes by
continuing the existing unrest to ultimate
ly bring * about V the Interference of the
powers which | signed- the Berlin treaty. <
Joseph Angeloff, the • first. * diplomatic
agent of Bulgaria; in: London, said to-day:
- ."But for; the far-seeing. policy of Prince
Ferdinand and ¦: they Iron ¦•, hand he has on
the | Bulgarian' Ministry there . would cer
tainly have been; a general rising on', be
half of- Macedonia.^ ,The feeling, at*, the
heart of every ; Bulgarian Is to go to Mace.
denia,,but; this cannot be. We shalhcon."
tinue to -maka", representations to the Porte
for 'reforms .'.and : better, "government- Jn
Macedonia. " Bulgaria . is disturbed to the
quick over; Macedonia,; but- there ' will be
no 'disturbance 'of>the present 'peace."
FERDINAND IS FOR PEACE.
The order becomes effective at once and
it is stated that several cargoes of Chi
nese, now on the seas and destined for
Guaymas, state of Sonora, will not be
permitted to land.
The next Mexican Congress, which
meets September. 16, will, It is said, pass
a general law for- the exclusion of all
Chinese immigrants.
EL PASO, Tex., Aug. 7.— A report from
reliable sources haa reached here that
Secretary of 'State Roman Corrol of the
Mexican republic has just issued an or
der that Chinese be excluded from. Mex
ico. The order Is directed especially to
the. western coast along the Gulf, where
Chinese have- been arriving by the ship
load and scattering throughout the re
public, many finally making their way to
the United States by smuggling them
selves across 'the border.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The Porte has sent categorical instruc
tions to the ¦'.'vails of the Armenian prov
inces of Asia Mlnqiv holding them person
ally responsible for any Kurdish excesses
and ordering ;vigorous measures • to be
taken to prevent fighting. The British
Vice-Consul at Bltlls has been ordered to
Mush, eighty; miles south of .Erzeroum,
where the Armenian massacres by. the
Kurds and ; the Turks 1 occurred In 1894, to
Investigate the situation there. A consu
lar dispatch from Erzeroum, received here
this morning, says the excitement in that
district is dying out, but that the vail of
Erzerounr reports that 600 armed Hultcha
klsts from Russian > \errltory have . com
pelled the Armenians in the "villages of
Sassount vilayet (also the scene of Ar
menian massacres In 1894), to . take refuge
In the mountains.' The vail has sent four
battalions: of troops against the Huitcha
kists, who escaped to the mountains. .The
Porte has communicated t,his information
to the Russian Embassy, calling attention
to the fact that the bands came from Rus
sian territory. ¦ - v -.'-':\;;xl \
Of the eight. battalions of infantry dis
patched, to Monastir, four will remain at
Monastir, three will occupy the heights
of Peristerl, to the westward of Monastir,
and one 'will 'go to Florin, a town, of 1100
inhabitants, seventeen miles southwest of
Monastir. : -\
employment of undisciplined Albanians
or -other irregular soldiery. The diplo
mats here entertain no doubt that tho
Porte will continue its present , policy of
fighling the bands with regulars. •
MEXICO TIRES
OF CHINESE
IMMIGRATION
;At 2 o'clock this morning detectives set
out In small .boats, and with the aid of
lanterns peered beneath the wharves, as
it was considered probable that he had
taken advantage of this opportunity ' to
evade his pursuers.
Another rumor spread that
Howard had been seen in the city and
during the night had dodged down East
street, where he was soon lost to view.
The police were sent also to make in
vestigation in the neighborhood, but
found no tangible proof of th© presence
of the escape.
Duke immediately <y>mmunicated with
the Central station and a number of, de
tectives were hastily pent out to search
for the suspect At an" early hour this
morning the police were scouring, the vi
cinity where the man was said to have
been seen and also all along the water
front. 'Each wharf and landing place was
visited, the detectives making a thorough
search.
After the last boat had landed, how
ever. Information reached Lieutenant
Duke at the Harbor Police Station that
a man resembling one of the escaped con
victs had been seen loitering on the water
front. ""• ' Vv
Sefgeant.BHis and Officer Barrett were
at once sent, out to watch the incoming
ferryboats and. to examine into the af
fairs of any suspicious 'characters coming
into the city. All of the passengers on
the late ferry-boats landed under the
eyes of the police, but the looked-for
convict did not arrive or at least was not
detected if he did. ,
lice last night that ono of the
criminals had. broken through the lines
of "purguers^in the mmm tains and was
well 'on* his way "ttjT.thTs city- -
rHE chase for the convicts who
fought their way to liberty
from Folsom prison is getting
dangerously close to this city.
Word was received by the po-
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 7.
— Detective Max P.
Fisher met Convict Fa
hey face to face to-night
and a recognition was exchanged.
Before 'the detective could draw
his revolver from his pocket Fa
hey cohered him with a pistol, and
with an oath commanded him to
throw up his hands. Fahey es
caped, but not until the detective
had fired five shots at him. A man
who the detective believes was
Convict Miller was with Fahey;
and escaped also.
At midnight Chief Sullivan and
Detectives Fisher and Fitzgerald
and. Deputy Sheriff Wittenbrock
left the city in carriages for a
point near the American River
bridge, where they will search for
Fahey and the man believed to be
Miller. Fisher in his exciting en
counter flashed his snap light
full in the face of Fahey, and rec
ognized him as the man sent up for
a long term in the Folsom peniten
tiary from Sacramento. The de
tective also fully * recognized the
voice as that of \Fahey.
Circumstances of a convincing
nature led the officers to believe
that Fahey and Miller came to
Sacramento before daybreak this
morning in a cart stolen from
Charles Darling, a resident of the
neighborhood of Alder Creek, be
low Folsom. A man was held up
at an early morning hour within
the city limits by two men, one of
whom carried a revolver, and
his pockets rifled. This act -was
also credited to the two escaped
convicts.
East of the passenger depot is a
large lumber pile, braced up by
heavy pillars, which form an abut
ment reaching within a foot of the
track on which to-night stood
some freight cars, waiting to be
picked up by a late train for Ore
gon. The space which intervenes
between these pillars forms a
refuge which tramps frequent
when they desire to board a train
moving out of. the depot.
Detective Fisher believed Fa
hey, who for many years lived in
Sacramento, would select this
j)lace if he intended to board a
night train and elude the officers,
who have been scouring the local
ity for him to-day. In company
with Deputy Sheriff Wittenbrock
Detective Fisher to-night visited
the gloomy spot in the railroad
yards. On one side of the narrow
passageway loomed the lumber
piles; on the other stood the
freight cars, while the passage was
blocked by the pillars to such an
extent that a man had to -squeeze
his way past them fronibne open
space into the other.
Fisher got into the first space and
tripped over a man who had sprawled
there. He pulled his pocket light and
sent Its rays piercing into the space di
vided by the next pillar. As he did so
he saw the face and form of Fahey In
the shadow of the pillar and he could
detect a man beyond him, whom he is
certain was convict Miller. Tho latter
shouted to Fahey: "Watch out. that's
Fisher."
But Fahey needed no warnlnj. In an
instant he had a revolver leveled at
Fisher and from his set lips came hissing
tho order, coupled with a foul epithet,
"Throw up your hands."
Fisher's answer was to reach for his
ff~*\ AVISVILLE, Aug. 7.
B \ B — An unidentified man
ja yj? was killed near here
*^^^ about 3 :3O o'clock this
afternoon ; by Constable Hainline
and Deputy Sheriff Johnson, who
supposed that he was Howard, the
escaped convict. The testimony
taken at the Coroner's inquest to
night shows that the man's death
was due to his own folly, as he
was repeatedly commanded to
halt before the fatal shot was fired.
For two days the whole country
has been on the alert for Howard,
who is supposed to be in hiding
along Putali Creek or near the old
canal.. \ About -noon to-day a
stranger called at the farm, of F.
W.- Palmer, three miles .west of
Davisville. He asked' for lunch
and "was: given something, to eat.
He inquired about the crops, and
also asked the way to Sacramento..
\Vlieir th'rouglV \ eating".- lunch. . he
walked- off hurriedly; but in a di
rection < opposite to. Sacramento.
The appearance and action of- the
man were such as to arouse the
suspicion of Palmer, and as soon
as the suspect was out of sight
Palmer called up Constable Hain
line and notified him of the inci
dents.' The closely clipped hair
and short, v stubby beard of the
stranger indicated that he might
be^Howard.
Constable Hainline consulted
with Deputy Sheriff Johnson, and
they decided to investigate. They
drove out to Palmer's house and
learned wliat he knew about the
man. They then drove up the
creek about a mile and tied their
horse to a tree.
..They soon found the trail of
the man and saw by tracks^in the
muddy bankg where he had en
tered the creek. After^ following
the creek a short distance, and
just as they were about to reach a
bend, they heard a shot a short
distance away. Johnson remarked,
"Is the fellow shooting at us?"
Hainline replied, "I guess he is
shooting fish."
Just about that time the officers
came in sight of the suspect. He
was naked and in about two feet
of water, and was .apparently tak
ingia bath. He held something in
his hand, which the. officers took
for a pistol. They werethen about
three hundred yards away, and
Deputy Johnson suggested that, as
he was only armed ¦ with ¦' a re
volver, they make an effort to
get closer to him.
* The officers walked very, fast
until they were within 200 yards
of him. They then shouted to Him
to drop his hands and that they
were officers. Instead of dojng so
lie started to run. The officers
pursued for fifty yards, both of
them continuously commanding
him to halt. He was .traveling in
the direction of a clump of wil
lows, where the officers suspected
that heVhad a rifle concealed. Both
officers were armed with rifles and
they fired. Only one shot took ef
fect. A bullet passed through the
fleshy part, of the :* suspect's ieft
arm. Whatever he \ was holding
in .his hand he dropped in the
A T 3 o'clock this morning
Xj| a man supposed to be the
J &' escaped convict Howard
was arrested and placed
in the "tanks" of the City Prison.
The arrest was made during an
exciting search of the water front
by the police, acting upon informa
tion received that Howard had
eluded his pursuers in the interior
and was well on his way toward
this city. Whether or not the sus
pect is the much-wanted convict
will be established to-day when
his photograph and measurements
under the Bertillon system will be
available.
Rifle Balls
Cut Short
His Life.
Bold Prison
Bird Gets
Away.
Second Man
Reported
Here.
Is Arrested at
an Early
Hour.
An Unknown
Victim of
Mistake.
A im Is Poor
Owing to
Hurry.
It is . believed that Turkey is well ; pro
paied to put' down any revolution.- there
being 60,000 troops ', In the disaffected prov
ince*, in addition to large reserves.
One of the principal explanations for the
reported fresh outbreaks Is that, the har
vest being over, large numbers of men
leaving work have Joined the bands ; In
Macedonia, but a , general revolutionary
movement appears to , be unexpected. * It
is thought that the Macedonian commit
tees are following their former policy. of
inciting attacks upon. the Turkish Mo
hammedans In the hope of exciting the
Turks to massacre the Bulgarians in re
venge.
VIENNA. Aug. 7.— The Foreign Office
is absolutely without information regard
ing the fresh outbreaks In the Balkans
and is not inclined to believe that the sit
uation : is really dangerous. . The diplo
mats are convinced that so long as Aus
tria and Russia maintain their present
attitude any serious outbreak is impos
sible. < ,;„. . , , . :-\<YrL
TUBKEY WELL PREPARED.
In spite of the reports to the contrary,
it is confidently, believed in well-informed
quarters .that the Porte, in conformity
with its declarations, " } will employ only
regular troops . to suppress : the insurrec
tion, as It* is Well aware it is important
for Turkey to 'avoid excesses such V as
would certainly be the outcome of the
The Bulgarian insurgents, of a number
of villages have fled to the mountains for
refuge. The- railways have asked that
the troops guarding the lines be quadru
pled, but this would entail the employ
ment of 20,000 soldiers, and, In view of the
impoverished treasury, the Government
will find it difficult to comply ¦ with the
request. '¦.,..
CONSTANTINOPLE, Aug. 6.—(De
layed In "¦ transmission.)— News received
here as to the extent of the Bulgarian
revolutionary movement In the vilayet
of ' Mnnastlr is conflicting. In consular
dispatches which were received this morn-
Ing the opinion Is expressed that the in
surrection broke out .a fortnight earlier
than Its chiefs intended and before the
bands were in readiness, presumably be
cause the leaders were disconcerted by the
active preventive measures adopted by
the authorities^
HOLI>S KURDS IN CHECK.
MANILA. Aug. 7.— Two hundred ladro
nes in the ¦ Province of Albay, under the
command of the notorious Ola, attacked
twenty-five members of' the constabulary
under a native sergeant. The latter were
forced to retreat into a stone house,
where they were besieged for a half-hour.
They finally made a sortie and charged
the ladrones, killing twenty-nine of them
and capturing, a dozen guns and a num
ber of prisoners. There were no casual
ties among the constabulary.
Colonel Bandholtz reports six encoun
ters with scattered bands of ladrones, a
number of whom were captured. These
bands had been collecting tribute from
natives and passing sentences of death
upon Filipinos who suport the^ American
administration. These disturbances seri
ously affect the hemp trade.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALONICA, Aug. 7.— A band of 300 in
surgents has appeared near the- railway
bridge over the river Vardar, two hours
distant from\his city. The great fodder
deposits at- Samanti, Antirdi and Har
manli have, been burned.
where. It is believed .that the
latest provocations by the Turkish troops
drove the insurrectionists to despair. The
Bulgarian Government is resolved *to
maintain friendly relations with the Porte
arid to prevent bands crossing the fron
tier, but a popular movement is feared in
the event of a massacre of peaceful Mace
donians by the Turkish soldiery. Meet-
Ings of prominent Macedonians were .held
to-day . and measures for succoring Hhe
sufferers from the insurrection were dis
cussed, but no decision was reached.
SOFIA. Bulgaria. Aug. 7.— The
fresh insurrectionary outbreak
in Macedonia, which was be
lieved to be impossible, has
produced a sensation every-
Twenty- Nm 3 Dead
Left on the
Field.
There bas never been, so far as known,
a judicial decision by a California court
as to the legality of these marriages, but
tuch a ruling will doubtless be the result
of the case now being considered here
end in which the showing was made that
the couple Interested in the case did not
comply with the Mexican law when they
were married. How many dozens, scores
or hundreds of couples in this State such
a decision would affect will perhaps
never be known, but their name la -legion..
General Andrade, the Mexican Consul,
egrees that the Tia Juana marriages are
void and worthless. The man who haa
been performing these marriages is one
Fuentcs. at one tima accused of smug
gling Chinese over the border into the
United States. Whether Fuentes has act
ed in good faith is not known. It may
be that Fuentes cynically laughed in his
sleeve a* he pocketed the American gold,
gave the Americans pieces of paper writ
ten over with certificates that did not
amount to anything and was grateful to
an all-wise Providence that led; so many
foolish Americanos to want to be mar
ried.
Ae the law was reported by two promi
nent lawyers in Judge Allen's court this
afternoon aftrr consultation with the
Mexican authorities, these marriages are
nothing more than absurd farces and a
disgrace to the persons concerned.
To be married on Mexican soil you must
have llw * In the district for at least six
month previous to the marriage.
The marriage cannot be performed by
any but a Judge of "First Instance," cor
responding very much to our Superior
Judges. Before the wedding can take
place the bans must be posted in some
conspicuous place In the old-fashioned
way for atjeast fifteen days. Finally,
there must be two witnesses who can and
do ewear that the contracting parties are
legally capable of forming the union and
ha\-e all the necessary legal requirements.
After the marriage the magistrate is re
quired to make a record of the proceed
ing.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. ".—To-day, in
connection with a probate case on trial
before Judge Allen, this startling: fact
developed : That the custom of rushing
«Jown into Mexico to be married has not
the sanction of law. This affects hun
dreds of people living in California and
Arizona. Tla Juana, just over the bor
der ar.d a pleasant ride from Ban Diego,
has become a veritable Gretna. Green.
Couples who, for one reason or another,
usually divorce, cannot be married at
home have been in the habit of driving
down over the line, taking lunch in the
Queer little Mexican restaurants, going
through a ceremony before the Mexican
Justice of the Peace and coming back
serenely believing themselves to be
legally married. - ;
LADRONES
ARE ROUTED
IN BATTLE
Hundreds of Cali
fomians Are in
Sad Plight.
TIA JUANA
MARRIAGES
RRE FFARCES
SAN FRANCISCO, S!ATUBDAY, AUGUST 8, 1903.
The San Francisco Call.OLYMPIA, Wash.. Aug. 7.— The Su
preme Court to-day handed down a decis
ion upholding the. constitutionality of the
Uw passed by the last Legislature making
the> conducting of a gambling resort or
game a felony. For the purpose of test-
Ing the law Fritz Dietrich, a Spokane
gambler, pleaded guilty to a charge of
conducting a gambling game and wu sen
tenced to one year's imprisonment in the
penitentiary. The Supreme Court to-day
ordered the sentence to be carried out.
Gambling Is Made a Felony.
San Franciscan Is Elected President.
STOCKTON. Aug. 7.— The Afro-Ameri
can State League, which concluded its
convention here to-day, has elected of
ficers as follows: President, J. C. Rivers
of San Francisco; vice president, J. IT.
Burrows of Stockton; secretary. S. C.
Rodgers of San Francisco: treasurer, W.
T. Shorley of Oakland; State lecturer, R.
F. Douglas of San Francisco. The exec
utive board will m*>et In San Francisco
August 21 and install the offlcers-elect.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 7.— With her
trousseau/laid out at her homo in readi
ness for her coming marriage, Lena Muel
ler, daughter of Michael Mueller, a sa
loon-keeper, took her own life because of
a lovers' quarrel.. She was. discovered in
an unconscious condition in Eastlake
Park by a policeman and died soon after
belngrtaken to the '.County Hospital. An
empty chloroform bottle found by her
side in the park revealed the cause of her
death. The deceased was 23 years of age.
Lovers' Quarrel Ends in Death.
NOME, July 2S.— Considerable surprise
and, some anxiety was caused here yes
terday by the appearance ot two immense
waterspouts In the vicinity of Sledge Isl
and, more than twenty miles from town.
They were very black and. seemed to
reach the clouds; gradually they disap
peared on the horizon. The phenome
non Is believed to have been a result of
the unusually hot weather^
SEATTLE. Aug. 7.— The Times prints
the following:
Waterspouts Cause Anxiety.
It was stated authoritatively to-day
that the reception by the President of the
German Embatsador at Sagamore Hill is
not to be regarded as a precedent, al
though It is the tlrst time in the history
ot the country that an Embassador has
presented his credentials to the President
outside of Washington. Ministers who
arrive In the United States during the
vacation season will not be presented to
the President at his summer home unless
there is some strong and urgent reason
for It. Baron von Sternberg was received
because the circumstances connected with
his coming to the United States were ex
ceptional. In a senee. Then, too. ho Js a
long-time personal friend of the President.
The only way in which the presentation
to-day may be considered a precedent will
be when the conditions are similar— that
is. when an Embassador shall receive his
promotion to that rank while in and ac
credited to this country as a Minister
Plenipotentiary. .
At the conclusion of the ceremony the
President and Embassador von Sternterg,
as old friends, chatted animatedly. The
Embassador will be the unofficial guest o*
the President until some time to-morrow.
you as his Etnbasfador Extraordinary and
Minister Plenipotentiary in the United States
o/ America in place of his Majesty's former
EmbaKffador, Mr. von Holleben, whose letter ot
recall you now deliver to me.
. Your knowledge of the American Government
and President, gained during your several pe
riods of residence as a diplomatic agent of
Germany. ,and th« pleasant relations which
have existed tx>twe*n yourself and the execu
tive offices of this country, lend added weight
to the assurance of your desire and endeavor
to advance niij urfntthen ihi> relations of
amity which have been maintained so long
and unbrokenly between the United States and
Germany and will enable you, moreover, to
appreciate at Its full weight the reciprocal as
surance which I gladly offer of the equal wish
and purpo.«*> of this Government to promote in
nil practicable way* the fulfillment of your
mission.
SAN JOSE, Augr. 7.— The Bay Cities
Water Company to-day began a suit in
the Superior Court to condemn a tract of
land near Coyote for a reservoir site. The
defendants are the Suburban Company,
the San Josa Water Company, C. P. Bras-
Ian, and others. The suit promises to be
a hard-fought one, as one water company
is ranged against the other.
The land sought,. to be condemned con
sists of two tracts aggregating sixty
acres in the Laguna Seca rancho, at
Coyote station, ten miles south or this
city. :• .¦;;,-
Bay Cities Water Company Begins
Important Litigation in Santa
Clara County.
BRINGS SUIT TO SECURE
LAND FOR RESERVOIR SITE
SEATTLE, Aug. 7.— According to a ca
blegram received this morning J. W.
Sayre. who 13 traveling around the world
for the Seattle Times in an effort to
break the best previous record, sailed to
day from Germany on the steamer Cam
pania and will reach Seattle in just fifty
five days after he left. If Sayre makes
it in fifty-five days he will have broken
the world's record of sixty days, thirteen
and a half hours, made by Charles Cecil
Fltzrcorrls. before the completion of the
Trans-Siberian railway.
Indications Are That He Will Circle
the Globe in Less Than
Sixty Days.
SAYRE IS EXPECTED
TO BREAK THE RECORD
RIVERSIDE, Aug. 7.— Cornelius Hodge,
the husband of Aurora Hodge, who Is
beld in Salt Lake for the alleged murder
of William T. Ryan, was located at High
Grove this afternoon. Hodge talked free
ly of his relations with the woman. She
deserted him, he says. Immediately after
their marriage and went to Los Angeles
v/ith two men. She afterward went to
Clifton. Ariz., under a six months* con
tract with a Los Angeles employment
agency. She sent for him to come and
buy her out of the contract, as she want
ed to quit.
Hodge says he went to Clifton and fixed
matters and then went with: the woman
to El Paso. Here she again deserted him
about the middle of February. He worked
his way back to California, and has been
at High Grove since March $. He is now
employed by George Oberschmidt on a
ranch as teamster.
Woman Accused of Ryan's Murder
Finds No Champion in Hus
band She Deserted.
CORNELIUS HODGE TELLS
OF WIFE'S WANDERINGS
The three boys, Albert Higgins,
Sharon and Charles Wald, told about their
going to the creek to bathe. Soon after
they reached there a shot was fired at
them from the McClellan place. This
shot fell short 100 yards. The three men.
who afterward appeared to be the defend
ants, came toward them and after they
had advanced some distance another shot
was fired. It 'was this second shot that
killed La Palme.
Martine was expected to become a wit
ness for the prosecution, but for some rea
son he was not called. It Is probable,
though, that he will testify at the trial
in the Superior Court, as it was upon his
confession that George McClellan was
arrested and charged with manslaughter.
Both Deputy Sheriff II. F. Butts and
Jailer Kelly gave testimony to-day as to
his confession, saying that when first ar
rested Martine and Howard McClellan
claimed the shooting was done at. a target
without knowledge of the presence of the
boys. Later Martine told these men that
the two McClellana and he saw the boys
when they went to the creek to swim;
that Howard was sent for a gun, which
was given to Martine, and that George
McClellan ordered him to shoot in the do
rectlon of the boys. They afterward went
down the creek and found young La
Palme dead.
REDWOOD CITY, Aug. 7.— The prelimi
nary examination of George B. McClel
lan, "Howard H. " McClellan and Brismo
Martlnefor the killing of George A. La
Palme on July 28, was held to-day before
Justice of the Peace Hahnon and each
was "-held to' answer to a charge of man
slaughter, : with ball .fixed at $10,000. The
two -McClellans gave the necessary ball
bonds and are at liberty, but Martine is
still in Jail.
Special Dispatch to The Call
WALLA WALLA, Wash., Aug. 7.— The
whole of the recent plot to escape from
the penitentiary here was disclosed this
evening by the confession of a convict
whose name Warden Dryden will not
make known. * Three convicts, H. W.
Mitchell, James Burkey and a third whose
name, could not be learned, would have
escaped had the plan materialized.
Burkey and Mitchell had a convict
picked out who was a physical counter
part of Superintendent ileades. Meades
was to be killed and his clothes put .on
this mail, and also a false beard and
mustache resembling Meades'. The trio
were then to go t hrough a hole In the
brick wall of the jute mill which they had
planned to make and get through the out
er gate, which they expected would be
opened by the guard on orders from the
pseudo superintendent.
Operations on the hole through the
brick wall were recently stopped as a re
sult of finding brickdust among the Jute
scraps, and the convict's confession to
day revealed the remainder of the plot.
Brickdust Found in Jute
Scraps Leads to
Discovery.
Manslaughter. Is the Charge
Against Three Men
Implicated.
Story of the La Palme
Tragedy Is Told_
in Court.
Murder Part of Wash
ington Jail Delivery
Scheme.
HELD TO ANSWER
FOR BOY'S DEATH
CONVICT TELLS
OF PRISON PLOT
GERMANY'S EMBASSADOR
IS FORMALLY RECEIVED
Baron von Sternberg Presents His .Credentials to Presi
dent Roosevelt at Sagamore Hill and Cordial Assur
ances of Good Will and Friendship Are Exchanged
SAYS HUSBAND
IS A PERJURER
LOWE'S SPECIAL
BREAKS RECORD
Mrs. Russell Files a
Cross - Complaint
for Divorce.
Arrives in Los Angeles
Ten Hours Ahead
of Schedule.
Denies All Accusations and
- Charges Spousa With
Cruelty.
Make3 Run From Chicago in
Considerably Less Than
Three Days.
glacial Dispatch to The C»!l
« SAN. JOSE. Aug. 7.— Mrs. Laura Rus
eell.-who recently was made the defend
ant in a sensational divorce suit filed by
Eugene Russ«ll. has tiled an answer and
cro5»-comp!a!nt. Russell had named Clar
ence I'rmy, the poet and musician, as tho
person responsible for his marital trou
bles. Mrs. Russe'l denies all of the
t harges preferred by her husband and de
nounces his, story as fcJf'e and defama
tory. She declares that her husband, who
resided in Boise City. Idaho, ordered her
to come to her mother's home- here, but
refuted to grive her the money and she
was compelled to pawn a diamond ring
to procure a ticket. She denies that she
ever attended disreputable dances and
eang ribald songs.
Mrs. 111156011 asserts that her husband,
at Idaho Falls, falsely charged her with
Improper conduct with a minislt-r. She
declares that he is guilty of perjury in
having 1 sworn that he was a resident of
California when, he filed the suit.
In the cross-ccmplaint Mrs. Russell
ksks for a divorce en the ground of cru
elty and JjOO attorney's fees.
A charge of perjury is now pending
against Russell, which was preferred by
Ms mother-in-law, Mrs. Spangler. The
Sheriff has been unable to find him to
««?rve the warrant.
POWER COMPANY CEASES
OPERATIONS IN HUMBOLDT
Project Is Abandoned Because of an
Insufficiency of Water in the
Van Duzen River. *
SANTA ROSA, Aug. 7.— The Humboldt
Light and Power Company, whicu was in
corporated a few months ago for the pur
pose of taking power frcm the Van Duzen
River at Brldgeville, Humboldt County,
with which to supply the various towns in
that vicinity with lighting and motive
power, has ceased operations. The com
pany, after finking considerable money
in the enterprise, has now abandoned the
project. The reason advanced for the
abandonment of the project is an insuf
riency of water in the Van Duzen River.
Previous estimate* of the quantity of
v.-ater at hand were deemed satisfactory.
There was a considerable quantity of
lumber, • which had been hauled to the
scene of operations to be used in con
struction, and this has been sold to pri
vate parties.
NEW GERMAN EMBASSADOR WHO WAS SIGNALLY HONORED BY
PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT BY THE FORMAL RECEPTION AT SAGA
MORE HILL YESTERDAY, AND HIS WIFE.
Extending an Interurban Line.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 7.— The track of the
Ean Jose-Los Gatos Interurban Company
has been laid as far as Saratoga, and the
construction train is now running to that
point. Ballasting is now being rushed,
and a trial trip will bo made over the
line shortly. Work on the line between
Saratoga arid Los Gatos will now be
taken up. A power-house near Saratosra
nnd car barns in this city will be built
Ht.once. It is expected to have the elec
tric line in operation by the middle of
September.
Navy Officers Receive Promotion.
VALLEJO. Aug. 7.— Assistant Paymas
ter Perry G. Kennard. who passed an ex
amination for promotion, has received an
appointment as full paymaster in the
navy, thus skipping the grade of past
assistant paymaster. This jumping of k
grade is made possible by a new law au
thorizing an increased number of officers
in this branch of the navy. Assistant
Paymaster George \V. Pigman Jr.. who
is to reJIeve Paymaster Kennard on the
independence, has received similar pro
motion.
Fined for Killing a Fawn.
SANTA ROSA. Aur. 7.— Henry Thomas
rntered a plea of guilty Thursday to a
charge of killing a fawn. He was fined
J50.
OYSTER BAY, L. I., Aug. 7.—
Sagamore Hill was the scene to
day of an interesting ceremony.
Baron Speck von Sternberg, who
has been Minister Plenipotentiary
I of. Germany, to ; the United States since
i Embassador von Holleben . returned to
Germany and who recently on the retire,
ment of Mr. von Holleben was elevated
I to the rank of Embassador, presented to
j the President his credentials as Embas
sador and was received formally in his
diplomatic rank by President Roosevelt.
Embassador von Sternberg arrived here
at 10:04 o'clock from New York. He was
: accompanied by Acting Secretary of State
Loomis and Colonel Symons, superintend
ent of the public buildings and grounds at
; Washington. The Emhassador was in full
court dress. The formal presentations oc
curred in the parlor of the Roosevelt
home.
Embassador von Sternberg laid before
President Roosevelt the letter announcing
the recall of Embassador von Holleben
and his own credentials as successor. The
German Embassador said:
Mr. President: By command of hie Majesty,
the German Emperor. King of Prussia, my
most jrracions master. I have th« honor. Mr.
President, to place in vcur hands a letter of
his Majesty wherehy he recalls hl« former
Embassador Extraordinary and Minister Pleni
potentiary In the Vnited State* of America. I
place this, my credential letter, in your hands
with the assurance that it *hall be my most
earnest endeavor to cultivate, promote and de
velop the relations of friendship which have so
lonK existed without th» slightest irritation
between Germany and the United Staffs. I
trust. Mr. President, that you will kindly sec
ond my efforts ajid thus facilitate the fulfill
ment of my Important mission.
President Roosevelt replied a3 follows:
Mr. Embaasador: I have much pleasure In
receiving from your hands the letter whereby
his Majesty, the German Emp«ror, accredits
WOOS A WIDOW;
GETS HER GOLD
BAG ANARCHIST
FOR EXTORTION
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 7.— At 1:06 o'clock
thJs afternoon the special train bearing
Henry P. Lowe drew in at La Grande
station, having completed a run from
the Atlantic to. the. Pacific Coast, a
distance of more than 3200 miles, In
the fastest time on record. Mr. Lowe
left New York Tuesday. August 4, at 2:33
p. m., and arrived in this city 70 hours
and "1 minutes later, or an hour and thir
ty-nine minutes-less than three days. The
run from Chicago was made over the lines
of the Santa Fe, a distance of 2256 miles.
The time from Chicago to Los Angeles
was 52 hours and 51 minutes, an average
speed of 42.7 miles an hour, including all
stops. This run clipped seven hours and
live minutes off all previous records. .
The record breaking run finished by. Lowe
was undertaken with _the object of .reach
ing the bedside of his little 11-year-old
daughter, who was lying seriously ill
in this city. The child died early Tues
day morning;, but Mr. Lowe was not ad
vised of her death until well on his
way. As all arrangements had been
lr.ade for the special train and schedules
prepared for by the railroad the trip was
continued as originally planned, except
that it was made in ten hours' less time
than scheduled from Chicago to Los An
geles. • ¦/.¦
SCHEDULE BEATEN.
When the Santa Fe special left Chicago
om Wednesday at 10:15 a. m. it was intend
ed that the run to Los Angeles should be
made at a speed of 35 miles per hour-in
cluding stops. As the train passed
through Missouri and Kansas it was
found that faster time than the schedule
provided for could be made. Orders were
then given to make as fast time as was
consistent with safety. The special
began to gain at once. At La Junta,
Colorado, it was more than an hour
ahead of its schedule, and when Al
buquerque. N. M., was reached, at 5:45
last evening, this gain had been increased
to 3 hours and 15 minutes. It was then
figured by Santa Fe officials in this city
that if the same rale of gain was main
tained for the remaining nine hundred
miles the train would arrive at Los Ange
les about six o'clock this evening. When
once started across the Arizona desert,
however, all previous records were easily
exceeded and as the train reeled off mile
after mile, hours instead of minutes were
pained. At S:55 this morning, at which
time Seligman. Arizona, was reached,
the flying special was 7 hours and 5 min
utes ahead of schedule. Across the Mo
jave Desert speed was Increased and
Barstow was reached at 9:53 a. m.. 8 hours
and 22 minute3 ahead of time. A stop of
five minutes was made at Barstow in or~
der to change engines. From this point
the train turned south and crossed the
&$n Bernardino range of mountains and
whirled through El Cajon Pass at a ter
rific pace. Reaching San Bernardino 9
hours and 20 minutes ahead of time, the
special had a. clear track t*) Los Angeles,
a distance of 63 miles. The run over thi»
last stretch of track was a record-break
er, the speed at times being as fast as
75 miles an hour. At 1:06 the giant engine
No. W56 whirled into La Grande station
and the journey was completed."
CROWD SEES FINISH. •
A large crowd bad gathered to witness
the finish of the most remarkable journey
in the history of American railroads.
Lowe entered a carriage that was in wait
ing and was rapidly driven to the West
minster Hotel, where he joined his wife,
who has been prostrated since the death
of her child.
The. previous record for a transconti
nental run was made by C. R. Peacock,
a director of the United States Steel Cor
poration. On March 27, 1IKC1, Peacock rn-
EaRed a special train to carry him to At
lantic City. N. J., # where a special meet
ing of the directors of the Steel Corpora
tion was- to take place in four days. The
run from Los Angeles to Chicago over
the Santa Fe railroad was made In 57
hours 56 minuter. This record, which was
then thought to be a remarkable one.
stood until to-day, when it was excelled
by the Lowe special by four hours and 56
minute}!.
Lowo was se«»n at the Westminster
Hotel to-night. He was in an extremely
nervous state and was not disposed to
discus? his" record breaking run across the
continent. He first saidjhe had not re
ceived word of his child's death until he
reached Los Angelen, but later exhibited
a telegram that had Intercepted him at
La Junta, Colo., apprising him of the sad
happening.
H<» took occasion to say that he was not
in any way connected with the United
States Steel Corporation: that he was si
mining man, with a residence in Denver,
and had not at any time been connected
with the steel corporation. He was at a
loss to understand how such a story got
started, and wished to have it corrected.
I/owe said he will not take his daugh
ter's body East, at Ifapt for the present.
"In fact," said he, "w* have made no
plan*. My wife is almost prostrated with
grief, and 1 am not In a condition to say
now what I Intend doing."
San Bernardino Police
• Seek Mrs. Perry's
Fiance.
William Mintzer's Butler
Seized for Threats
to Murder.
SAN BERNARDINO, Aug. 7.— C.
Crelghton, after a month's sojourn in San
Bernardino, left hurriedly yesterday
evening, taking with him $500 belonging
t.6 . Mrs. Amanda Perry, ' a middle-aged
widow. When Crelghton arrived here he
'was flashily clad, wore diamonds, and
talked continually of his * gold mines on
the Colorado desert. He formed the ac
quaintance of Mrs. Perry, and, affecting
to be infatuated with her, proposed mar
riage. She accepted and the two seemed
very devoted. -
Yesterday Creighton- went to Mrs. Perry
in embarrassment, saying that he needed
$500 to close a business venture. His
mines were worth $100,000, but they were
bonded . and he had no ready cash on
hand. He begged a loan for ten days
and Mrs. Perry "favored her loved one
by mortgaging her little home for $500
and giving him the money.
Last night Crelghton disappeared and
there, seems to be no likelihood of his
returning. The officers have been notified
and are doing their best to locate him..
BEATS -PREVIOUS RUNS.
Railroad Officials Say the Special
Made Remarkable Time.
TOPEKA. Kan?.. Aug. 7.— General Pas
senger Agent W. J. Black of the Santa
Fe said to-night regarding the Lowe spe
cial train:
"The Santa Fe has made some notable
runs across the continent in the past few
yeafs. -but the Ix)we special has beaten
all records heretofore made. The Peacock
special in March. 1900, Ijos Angeles to
Chicago, a distance of 2265 miles, was
fifty-seven hours and flfty-slx minutes.
The Nellie. Bly; ppecial in January, 1890,
made the. run from San Francisco to Chi
cago, a distance of 2577 miles, in exactly
sixty-nine hours. At that time this was
considered a remarkable performance.
The Lowe special has clipped five hours
and • seventeen minutes off the record
made by the Peacock special.
"Considering the congested condition
of the railroads generally at this time
and the further fact that the Santa F«
is handling a large movement of G. A. R,
business to Los Angeles and San Francis
co on special trains and extra sections of
regular trains, the record made by the
Lowe special is a remarkable one in every
sense.
"It will be long before any other train
can approach or exceed this record."
Windstorm Hits Tucson.
TUCSON, Ariz., Aug. 7.— A heavy, rain
storm prevailed here this' evening. It
was preceded by an extraordinarily heavy
wind, .which did considerable damage in
the city. The boys' dormitory at the
University of Arizona, one mile north of
the city, was damaged to the extent of
$2500. The roof was torn off and one wing
blown down. " Two students were in" the
building at the time,, but escaped 'with
slight injuries.
POINT RICHMOND, Aug. Z-PJerre
Debray, the French butler, arrested on
complaint of William .Mlntzer. manager
0 the Tewksbury estate, for an alleged
attempt at extortion of $5000 under threats
to murder the Mintzer family, is, accord
ing to his own confession, an anarchist.
To Constable John Bouquet the young
house servant to-day admitted his al
legiance to the doctrines of destruction
and declared with some bravado that he
followed the principles of the iconoclastic
brotherhood. Debray's admissions .were
the result of questioning by the officers
at Martinez after they had translated
into English a lot of letters found among
Debray's effects. They were written to
him by a brother In France. The mes
sages breathed anarchism so strongly
that the prisoner was Interviewed on the
subject.
"I am wh/t my brother Is," he re
sponded. ..'-,..¦'
That satisfied the officers. To make
positive evidence of the similarity of the
letters— the one that Mintzer received, in
which the blackmailing demand was
made, and the message Debray, wrote in
reply to the decoy— they were submitted
to-day to a handwriting expert in San
Francisco. After examination the expert
reported to Constable Bouquet and Mint
zer that the same hand penned both let
ters/ There was an unmistakable Identity
in the peculiar shape of the "A" in each
eampleof script that could not have been
mad© otherwise than by the "same writer.
Then the expert reported 'that the paper
used in each letter, was exactly the' same
style, cut, brand and watermark. De
bray admitted "that he . purchased , the
paper, himself In San Francisco. He used
it in answering the supposed genuine offer
Vineyardists Win Their Suit.
SANTA ROSA, Aug. .7.— Judge Seawell
handed down an opinion in the Superior
Court this afternoon in the action brought
by Peterson Bros., vineyardists at Wind
sor, against Chaix & Bernard, San Fran
cisco wine* makers and dealers: The court
gave judgment for the plaintiffs. The ac
tion grew out of an alleged breach of con
tract on the part of the defendants, who
purchased the plaintiffs' crop of grapes.
The outcome of the case was watched
with interest by win© makers and grape
growers all over this section.
A Guaranteed Cure for Piles.
Itching,' Blind, Bleeding or Protruding Piles.
Tour druggist will refund your money If PAZO
OINTMENT rails to cure you. 50 cents. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO C A XX,, SATURDAY, AUGUST 8, 1903.
VANCOUVER, B. C. Aug. 7.— A special
from Banff, N. W. T., to-night says that
grave anxiety is being felt concerning
Charles C. Reid of New York, who has
been missing since yesterday. Reid has
been a guest of the hotel at Banff and
on Thursday morning went off mountain
climbing and was lost.
to work that was used to bring him to
book.
Debray left France six months ago and
for three months he has been in the Mlnt
zers', employ. He continues to declare he
is guiltless of either the murderous,black
mailing attempt or of the incendiarism
that nearly destroyed the beautiful coun
try home of the Mintzers.
'Sheriff Veale and Constable Bouquet
are collecting the evidence preparatory
to calling Upon Mr. Mlntzer to swear to
a complaint against his former butler.
Charles C. Reid Missing.
Narrowly Escape Frightful Death.
GAZELLE, "Aug. 7.— A large barn on the
"Wadsworth ranch was burned last night
and about 150 tons of hay and half a car
load of grain were destroyed. Two horses
perished in the names. About fifteen men
were sleeping in the barn and in order
to make their escape they were obliged
to jump from the loft. One man had his
leg broken, and another a rib and a third
sprained an ankle, while others were
bruised.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
GlfiaiSlltp
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of December. A.
D. 1902. and for the year ending on that day.
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant 'to the provisions
of sections (310 and till of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnlsned by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Carital Stock, paid up
in Cash $400,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company... $73,000 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages... M.500 00
Cash Market Value of all Stock
and Bonds owned by Company.. SS0.579 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral.. P. 000 00
Cash In Company's Office 3.O25 00
Cash In Banks f>5,S37 45
Interest due and accrued on alt
Stocks and Loans 5,152 31
Interest du<> and accrued' on Bonds
and Mortgages ...• 1.0S3 07
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 331,517 78
Rents due and accrued 400 00
Total Assets' $L410.101 60
LIABILITIES.
Losees adjusted and unpaid $24,906 OS
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 60,102 5I>
: Losses resisted, including expenses. 1,200 00
GroBS premium* on Fire Risks
running one year or less, $1,115,-
995 70; reinsurance 50 per cent.. 571.735 78
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running more than one year,
$50,705 57: reinsurance pro rata. 30,123 79
Due and to become due for 'Dor-
rowed money 70,000 00
All other liabilities... 49.027 65
Total Liabilities $806,996 79
INCOME, ~
Net cash actually received for Flre
premiums $938,897 60
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 2,712 22
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and
from all other sources 21.468 74
Received for Rents ..'..... 4.830 43
. Total Income .' $967,900 99
EXPENDITURES. ===
Net amount paid for Flre Losses i
(Including $31,143 10, losses of V
previous years) $394.687 50
Net amount patd for Marine Losses >
(including $ . losses of pre-
vious years) * 2.196 81
Dividends to Stockholders 12.000 00
, Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage ¦. 151,740 41
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 2S.162 74
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 11.161 33
All other payments and expendi-
tures 17.326 81
Total Expenditures $617,275 10
Losses Incurred during tha year.. $404,710 65
Risks and Premiums. Flre Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $93,323,082 $1,353,755 35
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 60.180.022 803.990 29
Net amount in force. •
December 31. 1902.. 77.171.509 1,166.701 27
"~~ - E-C. JAMESON. Pres.
LYMAN CANDEE. Sec.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 30th
day of January. 1903. .
WM. L. LINDSAY. Notary Public
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
\>' GENERAL AOENTB,
411 and 413 Calif orla St.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
ADVERTISE M ENTS.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
DELAWARE
INSURANCE COMPANY
r\ T PHILADELPHIA. IS THE STATE OF
O Pennsylvania, on the Slst day of December
A D 1W and for the year endlnr on that
by tho Commissioner .
A Tn° U Ca t sn f ¦ • ?*- • ~ i!°?l!IL^
ASSETS.
ssjvisryrss^: •ass
Amount of Loans secured by Pleds*
of Bonds. Stocks, and other mar.
ketable securities -as collateral.. ~3.£O 00
Cash in Company's Office »« *J
Cash in Banks ¦• •••!*••,; '
Interest du© and aecnwd on all
Stocks and Loans •••¦••• "¦¦• 1IS< J 01
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages »YiS"
Premiums Jn due Course or coi- _^
Bills receivable,' not Matured, ¦
taken for Flr e and Marine Risks. -..»j J»
Rents du« and accrued •••••;•¦••* " sol m
Perpetual premiums uncollected °"
Total AS..!. --'JglgLI!
' .; v LIABILITIES _
Losses adjusted and unpaid $1.975 00
Losses In process of Adjustment •
or In Suspense *,-JS L;
Losses resisted Including expenses. 3.«»u w
dross premiums on Flr« Risks run-
nlnr one year or less, $5«5- „
827 81; reinsurance 50 p«r cent. 282, 963 *XJ
Gross premiums on Flre Risks run-
ning more than one year. $691.- •
708 83; reinsurance pro rata o39.1o3 «1
Amount.' reclalmable by the In-
sured on perpetual flre Insurance <w>
policies ; • ¦ • 1I3 — =T J!ft
Cash dividends remaining unpaid.. '» «"
Commissions and Brokerage due
and to become due Z7.3S3 sv
I Total Liabilities $913.290 S7
INCOME. — — -
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums • ?'•"¦ 1 * a * 9
' Received for Interest on Bonds an<l
;\XortgaKPs o,oco *—
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources ««. £•> «*
Received for Rents ,«S'rT« V-
Recelved from all other sources.. 125.446 It
Total Income $33«.«6 CO
EXPENDITURES.
Ntt amount paid for Fire Losses
(including * . lo-"«« of pre-
vious years) ;•• **0l.3S7 o*
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage 179,5. « 97
Paid for SaUrles. Fees, and other „„. :¦
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 6O.S64 4».
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes • Zl. tS3 ¦•-*
All other payments and expendl-
tures B 3-'- a - H
Total Expenditures $717.340 gt
Fire.
Losses Incurred during tho year $397.197 11
Risks and Premiums.lFlre Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $S3.2M.9O5 $1,017,223 22
Net amount of Risks
expired during- the
year 77.2D5.042 8S3.274 52
Net amount In force
December 31. 1902.. 112.94fl.19O 1.257.638 7*5
CHARLES H. TARNALL. Vlca Prest.
HENRY LTLBURN. Secretary.
SubHciibed and sworn, to before me this 19th
1 day of January. 1903.
RICHARD H. REILLY, Notary Public.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
vVs GENERAL AGENTS.
411 and 413 California St.,
SAW KRANCISCO. CAU.
TACL M." NIPVEKT. City Agent.
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIES
Agricultural
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF WATERTOWN. IN THE STATE OP
New York, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1902. and for- th« year ending on that
day. as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the
provisions of sections 810 and 611 of the Po-
litical Code, condensed as per blank furnished
by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash $500,000 00
ASSETS. ~
Real Estate Owned by Company.. $344,505 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 5S4.715 07
Caeh Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. 835,133 25
Amount of Loans secured by-
pledge of Bonds. Stocks, aad
ether marketable securities u
collateral 821.202 48
Cash In Company's Office 13,834 21
Cash In Banks 179.733 73
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 14.943 33.
Interest due and accrued on Bonds ......
and Mortgages 10,177 71
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 208.025 U
Due from other Companies for Re-
Insurance on losses already paid 1.273 48
Commissions on unpaid reinsur-
ance 2.663 33
Total Assets J2.56e.288 7S
-LIABILITIES. '
Lneres adjusted and unpaid $11.904 79
Losses in process of Adjustment
or in Suspense 62,931 32
losses resisted. Including expanses 12,821 32
Gross Premiums on Ftre Risks
running one year or less, $902,-
751 00; reinsurance W> per cent. 451,375 50
Grose premiums on Flre Risks
running more than one year,
$1,551,303 00; reinsurance pro -
rata 822.077 91
Commissions and Brokerage due
and to become due 47.135 0»
Reinsurance premiums 10,873 17
Total liabilities .$1.443.189 10
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Flre
premiums $1,221.705 42
Received for Interest on Bonds
and Mortgages 37.471 32
Received for interest and dlvl- ,
dends on Bonds. Stocks. Loans.
and from all other sources.- 54.R74 01
Received for Rents 4,392 5*
Received from all other sources. . 111,412 73
Total Income .$1.4a2.83g 58
EXPENDITURES. ~
Net amount paid for Flre Losses
(Including moat 70. losses of
prevloua years> *8i!).25T 00
Dividends to Stockholder* 5O.000. 00
Patd or allowed for Commission or -
charge* for officers, clerks etc. 83.027 0
Paid forState. National and Local-
taXPa ? <7,»oJ ..ti
All other payments and expendl-
tures • 119.734 39
• Total Exp«» 1 <l 1 t ures • I*?: 282 * 652 °°
Tin.
Losses Incurred during the year.. $648.243 00
Risk* and Premiums. | Flre Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount of. Klsjjsj . "
¦written during thel
Jeir ¦ • • in83.845.700 $1,781,835 00
Net amount of Risks ,
expired during the
year . • 158.840.100 1.614.816 00
Vet amount Jn force
December 31. 1902. 243.095.200 2.454.054 0O
""¦" ~ A. H. SAWYER. Prest!
W. H. STEVENS. Secy.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 21th
day of January. 1003. •
* L. B. COOKE. Notary Public.
EDWARD BROWN &. SONS, Gen1A*ents,
411 and 413 California St.. 8. F. Cal.
CEO. H. MURDOCK & SON. City Agents,
412 California St.. San Francisco. Cal.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
« I sleep rvell enough ai nigh!,
And the blamedest appetite
Ever mortal man possessed. 11
Riler's farmer is the very pictnre of a
tnaa advanced in years, yet in the enjoy-
ment of perfect health. A Rood appe-
tite, good digestion and sound sleep, are
_£. the chief factors in
f^\ a vigorous old age.
jj&v~big *^ e *s sustained
CffjR*gT by food, when it is
*«^*7 properly digested
uJkk jU^. ana assimilated.
/*4£&TV£v When digestion
r \ wJBaL* fa \ k* ls » tbe T e k a loss
I V I wl V °* nutrition which
I \f% -¦-&&M )\ »°oa shows itself
/ - Wfljjffiflraf -' *° physical weak-
''^jkHW^ ncs3 ' ncrTOCsnesa »
V §£fc/ sleeplessness, etc
/y*»«c£sS*N' Doctor Pierce'8
y/ I Golden M~K™l
T' ] I Diacorery cures
"H \ " / /I diseases of the i
U /'/ 1 srr»ma<*h and other
1 J I organs of digestion
fjj I £L3( 1 nutrition. It
y / j strengthens the
£j f / J body in the only
* I I I ' vra y possible, — by
'l / if enabling the as-
• i I I similatioa of the
V t M £ \l nutrition extracted
\Jr \\J, 1^1 ! • "I used ten bcttks
VC 2j% <rf Dr. Piercc's Golden
VJL'-rtK V V^ST^ Medical Discovery
Z^iSQJ+'.Zy^Sb *? d ***rral vials o"f
t£j •*•* his 'Pleasant PcUcts*
a ye*r ago this spring.
end h«Te had no trouble with indigestion since,"
write* Mr. W. T. Thompson, of Townsend,
Broadwater Co., Montana. "Words fail to tell
bow thankful I am for the relief as I bad suf-
fered to much end it seemed that the doctors
could do me no rood. I got down in weight to
jij pounds, and was not able to work at all.
Now I weigh nearly xoo and can do a day's work
on the farm. I have recommended your medi-
cine to several, and &haU always have a good
word to say for £*- Pierce and his medicines."
The Common Sense Medical Adviser,
looS pages, in paper covers, is sent free
on receipt of 21 one-cent stamps to pay
expense of mailing only. Address Dr.
R- V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
1 ¦ J^JROiPty" T EeSek
rJIDFC. FVPC Rcocrcuct I fiV «*P
UUKtJ LI tJ tCAiuouBS \ " JRsBF
«A«jucnon. vnr lahhatuw.ctcV^I "
«MMfTCM CVll tr IS, OJUt* PINK CYt - m JF
!«O«AT MUCUJTJlOWlCI/Ua OS ITKAl ¦• fl
WURINE ETEREMEPYJCQ.j CwCAfitt
NEXT SUNDAY'S
AST SUPPLEMENT,
"THE RUSSIAN WEDDING,"
Effectively framed either in
Flemish brown, ebony or gilt
frame, about three or four
inches; framed closely.Negro Robbers Are Hanged.
BIRMINGHAM. Ala.. Aug. 7.-WI11
Hudson and Will Jones, negroes, convict
ed of highway robbery, were executed 1n
the county jail yard to-day. Hudson de
nied that he was guilty of the crime.
Asked if he had ever killed anybody, he
replied: "I will tell Old Marster about
that."
CITY OF MEXICO. Aug. T.— K«port» from
various points in the southwestern part of th*
republic show that earthquake shocks are
again being felt. v . *?;."
BOSTON. Aug. 7.— Granvllle Martin.
William Trotter and Bernard Charles, the
negroes who were found guilty of dis
turbing the Booker T. Washington meet
ing In the Second Methodist Episcopal
Church a week ago to-day, were sen
tenced this afternoon, Martin and Trot
ter to serve thirty days in prison, the
maximum penalty under the law, and
Charles to pay a fine.
Negro Disturbers Sentenced.
According to the prisoner's story, he
started out Saturday night and followed
the South Fork of the American River
and for two days had nothing to eat. He
then ran across a cabin fh the woods and
procured food. He claims he stayed near
the river Monday night, but next day,
Tuesday, forded the stream and hid In
the brush until nightfall. That night, to
use his own words, he "hiked near forty
miles." Undoubtedly much of the time
the prl»caer was out of his bearings and
traveled in a circle. He admitted to the
TRAVELS IN A CIRCLE.
Speaking of Case, who is known to have
been his close companion during his wan
derings, Seavis stoutly maintained that
he had hot seen Case since last Saturday
night at about 10:30 o'clock, or just after
the fight at the Grand Victory mine. Ther
officers believe Seavis Is lying and that
Case was not far off last night
"Guard Klendendorf tried to get aw<y
from me a couple of times," remarked the
negro, "and I told him if he tried it again
I would shoot him."
The midnight train last night had on
board District Attorney Arthur Seymour
and Court Reporter Warren E. Doane of
Sacramento, who had been apprised of
the capture immediately after it took
place. Upon their arrival in Auburn Dis
trict Attorney Seymour proceeded to the
jail, where he had an Interview with
Seavis. Regarding the facts leading up
to the prison outbreak and the conspiracy
growing out of the same, very little in
formation was given out by Seymour as
the result of his Interview with the con
vict, it being his desire, and the desire of
tho officers, to get at the Inside of these
matters as^quietly as possible and with
little publicity at present.
SOBRY HE WAS NOT KILLED.
Seavis talked to a representative of The
Call about his various wanderings. He
stated that he wished Keena and Coan
had shot a little higher up and killed him.
as he preferred death to being returned
to the prison. In conversation with Un
der Sheriff May, Seavis said: "I'm up
against .It; this is my last break; but I will
take my medicine like a man." He seems
to think his fate will be the hangman's
noose. In another part of the conversa
tion Seavis remarked with great disdain,
referring to the first fight: "There was
some poor ! shooting at Pilot Hill. I did
some shooting, but did not hit any one. I
saw the horse fall at Pilot Hill and shot
at a man behind a rock, but I shot too
high. If the men at the prison had had
any nerve there would not have been
anything to it."
The prisoner admitted, after some ques
tioning, that he drew a rifle on the guard
at the outer prison gate. He also ad
mitted that he was one of the first con
victs to enter the armory to procure
weapons. He said he yelled at the guard
to drop his rifle or he would kill him.
Tte guard promptly obeyed.
safely in the Auburn jail last,
night after being wounded In both legs
by the shotguns of^ Sheriff Keena and
Deputy Sheriff Lee Coan at the railroad
station, was returned to his old quarters
at Folsom prison this morning. Sheriff
Keena, Under Sheriff Coan. and Sheriff
Mansfield of Ban Mateo County started
for the prison shortly after 8 o'clock In a
surrey: with the negro aboard, safely
handcuffed.
AUBURN, Aug. 7.— Seavis, the no
torious and much sought after
negro convict, who was landed
The report came in here this morning
that five of the convicts had been seen at
Morris Kelly's ranch, between Auburn
and Folsom, but an investigation showed
the story to>c untrue.
Seavis suffered considerable pain during
the night from the shot In his legs. The
pellets were not removed, but the limbs
were dressed by the physicians. This
morning he made no particular complaint
of suffering when he started off for th*
penitentiary.
. It was reported to the officer shortly
after the negro was taken that two small
boys had seen a man hanging around a
pile of railroad ties not far from the spot
where the shooting took place and that
he soon afterward disappeared. It is
possible it was Case, the sick convict,
who has been the close partner of Seavis
all along. As the Reno local passenger
passed through Auburn at 1 o'clock this
morning Dr. J. F. White and Art Smith
noticed a man riding under the trucks. It
is believed that he was one of the con
victs.
During the shooting at the Auburn de
pot Seavis showed a decidedly yellow
streak. It is true he fired three times at
Deputy Coan with a revolver, but when
the officers filled his leg full of buckshot
he squealed and cried for mercy. Th«
crowd that gathered Just after the fusil
lade was qulet'and orderly, but naturally
filled with a great desire to see the noto
rious convict.
SHOWS A YELLOW STREAK.
During a conversation this morning at
the Jail Seavis tried to- convince the offi
cers that he threw his rifle In the Ameri-
Ican River while fording It. His story is
not believed. . It is thought the weapon
will be found in the brush between the
river and Newcastle. . «^
officers that he did not know where he
was going. As near as the officers can
learn, as Seavis did not know the names
of the stations along the railroad In this
county, he must have forded the Ameri
can River about opposite Loomis or Pen
ryn Thursday afternoon. He walked
either to Lioomls or Penryn. and about
7:30 p. m. boarded freight No. 214. east
bound. It is known he got oft at New
castle to look around, as the trainmen
saw him standing on the ground close to
one of the cars. Seavis admits that he
did not board the freight for the first time
at Newcastle, but ona or two stations
west. ' ' ' V\\'
Seavis Tells of His Wanderings After
Escaping From Folsom
State Prison.
SCENES OF THE CAPTURE OF CONVICT SEAVIS. HIS PLACE OF IM
PRISONMENT- AT AUBURN AND OUTLAW FAHEY, WHO WAS
FIRED UPON AT SACRAMENTO BY DETECTIVE FISHER. " .
Australia's New Governor.
LONDON, Aug. 7.— The King has ap
proved the appointment of^Lord North
cote, now Governor of Bombay, as Gov
ernor General of Australia, in succession
to Lord Tennteon, who has resigned that
rost.. The appointment will take effect in
December.
! HARBOR, Me., Aug. 7.— Heavy
firing .In'- the direction of .Mount Desert
rock 'fi'nd 'continuing for fully Jive min
utes : was heard , about 10:15 (, o'clock to
night, 'and it was the general belief here
that the "enemy" had ' been sighted by
the defending fleet.
Firing in the War Game.
The members of the Golden. Gate Gun
Club w^ll hold their regular bluerock
shoot to-morrow at'the Ingleslde grounds.
On Admission .day the Millwood Gun
Club will promote a merchandise shoot at
Millwood. The conditions' will be novel.
Orders for the various prizes will; be
placed In sealed envelopes. The man with
the highest, score will have first choice
and so on down the line ..:¦
At the Bluerock Traps.
CHEYENNE. Wyo.. Aug. 7.-Dr. Julius
A. Schuelkp, one of the leading phy
sicians in Wyoming, died "suddenly in a
C.iEpar-Thermopolls stage while en route
to Caspar to-day. Dr. Schuelke had
traveled all over the world. Ho served
in the Cuban and Philippine campaigns
as major and surgeon in the regular army.
Physician Dies in Stage
: DENVER; Aug. 7.— A special to the Re
publican from Santa Fe, N. M., says that
Clement- M. Smith had sent a telegram
to, that city from: Hastings. Mich., to-day
saying that he had declined to accept the
appointment as Chief Justice of New
Mexico,* tendered him recently by Presi
dent Roosevelt/ It is believed here that
lit' was lnlluenced by the sentiment exist
ing in the Territory against the appoint
ment of a, non-resident to tho Chief Jus
ticeship. ; . •
Declines', to 'Besaiief Justice.
Seek Better Grazing 1 Grounds.
MILES CITY, Mont., Aug. 7.— The stock
men of Eastern Montana are preparing'
for a general exodus to better- grazing
grounds In Wyoming, the Dakotas. and
Nebraska as a result of the ravages of
the grasshopper, the • pests ] having de
vastated the range of vegetation until
all hope of winter- sustenance has been
abandoned by the stockmen. .
LONDON, Aug. 7.— The police have
seized several pieces of silverware be
longing to the Rev. R. W. Farquhar,
formerly of Portland, Or., and C. P. Gas
ton, who at one time lived in Chicago,
two American taxpayers living in Wlm
h'.edon, who were the first foreigners to
Join the passive resistance movement
against the education act. The silver was
sold by auction to satisfy the rates,
amounting to a few shillings, which they
refused to pay. The pieces include wed
ding gifts and church presents made to
them in the United States.
Property of Americans Seized.
LONDON. Aug. 7.— The Irish land bill
passed the committee stage In the House
of Lords late to-night after a lengthy
discussion and amendment. In tho
course of the division the Government
was three times defeated.
Balfour Government Is Thrice De
feated in the House of
Lords.
IRISH BILL PASSES
COMMITTEE STAGE
• The dead- man is. about 35 years of age,
5 feet 10 inches In ¦ height, dark complex
ion, dark' hair cut shorU-heavy eyebrows
and beard >>f about ten days' growth.
There is a mole on his right | side, a, scar
an Inch longr in the edge of his 'front
hair, a^scar over .the bridge ; of the. nose
between the 'eyes, another" on his left
thumb, his features are" sharp and -his
Body Is Not Identified.
A. T. Foster, a Solano County farmer,
testified -that the man was at his orchard
just before the noon hour. He asked for
something to eat and got' it. His action
was so eccentric as to arouse the sus
picion that he. might be. crazy. He-pre
tended to. be lame, but when he. got a
short distance - away 'the lameness dis
appeared and he walked rather fast.
The verdict of the Jury was that , he
came , to his death 'from gunshot wounds
Inflicted by Constable 'Hainline and Dep
uty*. Sheriff Johnson .while in the dis
charge of their- official duty.
Deputy Sheriff Johnson hurried back to
Davisville and notified Coroner Kitto at
Woodland. Constable Hainline summoned
Palmer, who brought. the body to-Davis
ville in a wagon. An inquest was held to
night. The officers and Palmer were the
principal witnesses.
water when the first shot was
fired, but he continued his flight
and soon took ,to the bank. The
officers repeatedly commanded
him to halt but he paid no heed
to them, and they again fired.
Only one bullet took effect. It en
tered the body to the left of the
spine, about half way up the back,
and came out just below the pit
of the stomach on the right side.
- The man dropped in his tracks,
but he lived about ten minutes
after the officers got to him. He
was apparently unconscious and
did not speak.
An examination of the vault where the
securities were kept showed that it was
empty, with the exception of shares val
ued at about $2800, and a systematic In*
vestigation convinced the officers that Al
len had for years been speculating with
the funds of the society. '¦ ¦ .'¦-¦¦
BOSTON. Aug. 7.— In a letter written
last Tuesday ' from Montreal to Rev.
George H. Spencer, pastor of his church
in East Boston, ¦Willard S. Allen, t treas
urer of the Preachers' Aid Society of the
New England Conference of the Method
ist Episcopal Church, confessed that he
was a defaulter to the amount of more
than $80,000 of the society's funds. *
Allen has been treasurer of the society
for twelve years and clerk of. the East
Boston District Court for twenty-nine
years, and for sixteen years was a prom
inent member of the school committee of
Boston. He left hqme about a week ago,
without announcing his destination, and
the first heard from him was the letter
to the East Boston clergyman. Allen said
that he had lost the money In speculation.
He requested the ministers to notify the
members of the Allen family and the of
ficers of the society of his confession.
Allen, for more than forty years, has
been prominent in legal circles and social
life of East Boston. He Is 62 years of
age.' . ,
' ALAMEDA, Aug. 7.— This city was given
a scare this morning by the report that a
man answering to the description of the
escaped convict Howard was seen In the
1 vicinity of Pacific avenue and Chestnut
street. About 10:30 o'clock a dust-covered
stranger called at the saloon and grocery
of J, E. Beckmann. He purchased 60
cents worth of wine and left the place,
traveling toward the estuary. The bar
keeper at .Beckmann's thought after the
visitor's disappearance that he resembled
much the pictures of Howard he had no
ticed in the papers. He notified the po
lice station, and several officers were de
tailed to round up the stranger, but no
trace of him was discovered. It Is thought
that . he crossed the Park street bridge
and ' went along the rodd toward Hay
wards. ~^^J >¦;
Coroner Kitto took the body to Wood
land to-night and it will be buried there
to-morrow.
eyes sunk. deep in* the head. His clothes
consisted of a pair of dark jeans, blue
striped shirt and 'a heavy pair of laced
pointed sho^s two sizes too large for. him.
He carried a dark coat and a barley sack
containing two old vests. The only arti
cles found in his pockets were 24 cents In
pennies and a small piece of tobacco.
j A large crowd was present wMle the
Inquest was in progress, but no one claim
ed t« ever have seen the dead man be
fore, except George Sterling, a barkeeper,
who said the man had been seen In Da
visville a few days ago and he appeared
to be halfwitted. The general opinion
here is that the dead man is. not one of
the convicts.
Continued From Page 1, Column 5.
Willard S Allen Is De
faulter for Over
$80 000
MADRID,. Aug. 7.— According to a dis
patch from Melllla. Morocco, a fight has
taken place between French and Moorish
troops near the village of BenI Fatt.
The Moors, who were pursuing a body of
Kabyle Insurgents, entered French ter
ritory. In spite of the protests of the
French frontier post, and a conflict en
sued. Three French and two Moorish soi
diers were killed and a number were
wounded.
FRENCH AND MOORISH
TROOPS IN CONFLICT
Insurgent Band Crosses the Frontier
and an Engagement Is
Fought.
Officers Kill a Man at. Davisville.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 7.-Sherift j
Reese and Constable Michiel Judge
- were engaged to-night scouring the
Yolo jungles in search of convict Howard,
but up to a late hour they had sent In
no report. Convict Roberts Is Etill in the
County Jail, gradually recovering, from
the "dope" with which he was filled when
brought In from Putah Creek. "He. Is
coming back to earth," as one of the
deputies expressed It, but he seems to
think^the very beat policy he can pursue
la silence. He has been subjected to
further examination, but has told the
officers no more, if, in fact, ns .much,
as he has The Call respecting his 'move*
ments and those of his fellow fugitives.
Roberts Is Still in the Sacramento County Jail, but
Refuses to Aid the Man-Hunters.
SEARCH YOLO JUNGLES
FOR TRACE OF HOWARD
PEKING. Aug. 7.— The editor and staff
of the Chinese reform newspaper Supao,
published at Shanghai, against whom
warrants of arrest on the charge of pub
lishing seditious matter have been issued,
can be surrendered only by the unanimous
consent of the foreign Consuls at that
port. This cannot be obtained; as the
representative of Great Britain has been
instructed not to grant his consent.
It has been reported here that the for
eigners In ShanghaP" were organizing
to prevent by force the surrender of the
accused men in case such action had been
attempted.
Five reformers were arrested in Peking
yesterday, one of them being a brother
of the ranking Viceroy. All the gates of
the city are being closely guarded to pre
vent the escape of suspects.
Great Britain Protects Reformers of
Shanghai From Punishment
for Sedition.
REFUSES TO PERMIT
ARREST OF EDITORS
TREASURER ROBS
PASTORS' FUND
Fisher fired five shots after the retreat
ing form of Fahey, but he does not know
that any of them took effect. "Witten
brock and Fisher searched for the twfl"
men, but In the. maze of dark buildings
and freight cars they got away.
Fisher said Fahey had the drop on him
and might have fired had he not thought
when Wittenbrock appeared that a posse
was supporting Fisher.
Chief Sullivan said to-night that he had
no doubt the man was Fahey. The de
tective Identified him completely. The of
ficers were still hunting the brush in the
vicinity of the American River bridge at
an early hour this morning.
• •;-v**-K":-*-H^-*-H"i'*-;*-;"i":":- o
BOTH MEN GET AWAY.
revolver. As he did so he struck Deputy
Wittenbrock, who had just entered the
space behind him. ,
Fisher had difficulty in the confined
space in getting his revolver and when
he did so Fahey had squeezed through Into
a space beyond. His companion, pre
sumably Convict Miller, led the way for
him, and they soon darted under the cars,
with Fisher and "Wittenbrock In close
pursuit.
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
Authorities Now Believe
That Miller Was
With Fahey.
KIEFF, Russia, Aug. 7.— Three work
men were killed and twenty-four wounded
yesterday when the Cossacks fired on the
strikers who were attempting to interfere
with railroad traffic. The rioters num
bered L'UOo. A maglstrative officer and
several soldiers were injured by stones.
The disturbances were renewed to-day,
the strikers parading the town, breaking
windows, invading workshops and com
pelling workmen to join them. The Cos
sacks fired upon a crowd after they had
been assailed with a shower of stones.
Four were wounded. The tramways have
suspended and the bakeries are closing.
The price of bread is rising.
LONDON, Aug. 8.— The Times prints a
dispatch from Kieff, Russia. dated
Thursday, which says that the disaffec
tion among the workingmen is spreading
and that disturbances have occurred at
Kharkoff, Ekaterlnoslaff and other cen
ters. Sanguinary conflicts were reported
on Wednesday and Thursday at Mlkala
ieff, during which the troops fired, killing
twelve outright and wounding 300.
The Governor was seriously wounded
and the correspondent says troops are be
ing hurried to disaffected centers with all
speed.
Rioters at Kieff Again Parade Streets,
Break Windows and Clash
With Troopers.
THREE KILLED AND MANY
"WOUNDED BY COSSACKS
A small army of men is now gathering
on the hill, and the watch probably will
be maintained all night. The impression
jirevaiis that one of the men is Case, who
is an opium fiend, and that he is trying to
get into Chinatown to get some of the
drug. '
The search was continued and several
more shots were fired into the brush, in
which it is thought the men have taken
refuge, but without result.
By this time a score of citizens from
town had gathered on the hill, and again
the fugitives were seen breaking through
the brush at the lower end of the orchard.
Shots were again fired, but all trace of
the men was lost.
PLACERVILLE, Aug. 7.-Great excite
ment was created here shortly before
midnight by the sounds of shooting on
the hill just west of town. Investigation
disclosed the fact that two citizens. John
"Wittmer and Sam Martin, who had been
watching the rldfce all evening, saw two
men break from the brush and run
through an orchard. The men fired at
the fleeing figures, but did not bring the
runaways down.
Men Supposed to Be Escapes Are
Fired At Near Placerville.
SHOOT AT FUGITIVES.
When we discovered the tracks of Sea
vis' shoes one of my party noted a pe
culiar similarity between the shoes worn
by the stranger and those worn by Sea
vls. To make certain of our discovery
we waited until we struck damp ground
and then the rr-semblance between the
shoes of this man and Seavis' was very
pronounced. . The stranger was asked to
show his shoes and we discovered that
rew hobnails had been driven into the
lirels In the same manner as those In the
r>rr>is of Seavis' shoes. We made him
take the nails out. as he could vouchsafe
no good reason for their presence.
"When he joined the posse he stated
that he was a stranger in that section,
but when we started on the search we
discovered he knew mere about the topo
graphical conditions of the country thai?
KYSTEBIOUS STRANGER.
Folsom officials
Sheriff Bosquit dispatched Deputy Sher
iff Cook, Bob Moherter, Frank Dygert.
J. A. Spencer. C E. Ferrel and the lat
ter's two bloodhounds, Bess and Jumbo,
to Dughown this evening, where the dogs
v ill be put on the track uf the convicts
:i it is found.
The Sheriff feels certain that the con
victs have been Informed of the pres
ence in this locality of the bloodhounds
;jnd that it was to throw the dogs off the
scent that the men waded .uj/'the Co
sumnes, probably in the belief that the
dogs were close upon the trail.
Ferrel and his dogs arrived here this
afternoon from Shingle Springs. Speaking
Of his search of the Webber Creek coun
try Kerrcl said: "The failure of the dogs
to successfully track Seavls was due to
the fact that they were not put on the
trail until the scent was several days old.
We negotiated the trail for some distance
in the vicinity of the Jurgens ranch, but
lost It. We found the place where the
negro tired upon his pursuers last week,
but could not get a definite trace of him.
"We had a peculiar experience while on
the hunt. A man about 50 years of aga
and unknown to any of the party joined
us at the Orilla ranch. One of my men
became suspicious of him and noted .his
actions and conversation. He asked many
questions regarding the working of the
dogs and seemed always on the lookout
fcr Information. He was questioned and
stated that he had been eworn in as a
<icputy sheriff to hunt the outlaws. To
another member of the poss* he stated
that he had been sent on the hunt by the
FRIENDS HELP CONVICTS.
Sheriff Norman's posse of fifteen men
Is now in the vicinity of Dogtown.
TRAIU1CG THE FUGITIVES.
Word was received this afternoon from
Theodcre P. Colvin, one of the three
trailers who left here last Monday night
to track the five convicts who murdered
Rutherford and Jones, the P'.acerville mi
litlamcn on Saturday evening last. Col
vin, who telephoned from Grizzly Flat,
about twenty-five miles southeast of Pla
tcrville. ttated that he and his compan
ions. Wyatt and Gignac. had trailed the
fugitives fcr several days in that vicin
ity and thnt late yesterday afternoon,
after fo!low!r.g them along a ridge a few
miles south of Grizziy Flat. The trail
dropped down to the north fork of the
middle fork of the Ccsuinnes P.iver. where
the convicts took to the water. The trail
ers proceeded up the stream for a dis
tance, finally coming across the track
made by two men leaving the water. Be
tween this point and a point two miles
up the stream from where the men first
took to the water the other three men
quit the river separately. Owing to the
nature of the ground in this vicinity and
to the fact ihat the convicts had separ
ated the tracers could not again pick
up the tracks with certainty. The pur
suers, worn out by the hard work of the j
uast few days, went to Grizzly Flat to i
PLACERVILUS, Aug. 7.-Sheriff
Bosquit received a message late to
right from Grizzly Flat announc
ing that his trailers did not start
lor Dcctown this afternoon for the rea
son that they have received information
•vhich leads them to believe the convicts
have again doubled on their tracks and
are row proceeding In the direction of
Copper Lead. There is a cabin on the
trail leading from Grizzly Flat to Dog
town which is known to be well supplied
with provisions. The owner is absent
temporarily, and it is thought the con
victs have the cabin as their present ob
jective point. Sheriff Bosquit has dis
patched a messenger from Grizzly to no
tify a posse which left here to-night of
the changed conditions, so that the cabin
can be visited, and If the convicts have
been there the degs will be Immediately
put on the fresh tra!L If#the reports
received during yesterday and to-day are
true it is almost conclusive that the five
men have not been ten miles away from
Copper L4ad since they visited the cabin
of Heaseley. the miner, from whom they
obtained a stock cf provisions en Sunday
night last.
many of the men who were born and
raised there.
"It is my opinion that there was an
organized effort to assist the escapes.
Several men known to be 'freemen' were
seen in the Webber Creek country^ white
the convicts were there, who. now that
the convicts are out o* that section, have
disappeared. The man who was with the
posse may have been one of the confed
erates of the gang:,- We discovered sev
eral instances of assistance being given
the fugitives, which were not reported to
the Sheriff of the county or to any one in
authority."
Outlaws Who Killed Militiamen
Are Now Heading for
Copper Lead.
THE SAF fEANCISGO CALL, SATURDAY, • AUGUST. .-8," 1903;
DOUBLE ON THEIR TRACKS TO ELUDE THE DEPUTIES
3
ROOS BROS.
Announce 'the Early Arrival of Their "
FALL STYLES
of the
UNRIVALED STETSON HATS
We have for several years made a special feature
of the celebrated STETSON HATS, the merits of which
are so well known to our trade.
it The new Fall Derbies are featherweight and self-
conforming, with a wider flange than formerly. Colors
are the old reliable black and new shades of brown
and tan. ,
The new Fall soft hats are dashing in style, with
wider brims, and come in black, as well as new shades
of, pearl, tan and castor.
Our Price £jy £ g^ Our Price
The Same CP M • V-F \-r The* Same
RQOS BROS.
Announce the Continuation of the
Men's High=Grade Light=Weight Suits
Inaugurated Last Week With ¦; \
' ' GREAT SUCCESS
Comprising the remainder of the well-known ROOS-
MADE, BROKAW BRpS.' and ROGERS, PEET & .
CO.'S goods not yet disposed of. >
$18.00 Suits now : for $14.50
, $20.00 Suits now for $16.00
$22.50 -Suits now for $18.00
$25 00 Suvts now for $20.00
$30.00 Suits now for $24.00
$35X0 Suits now for $28.00
RQOS BROS.
KEARNY AT POST
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
PROMINENT PEOPLE
Testify to th^ Efficacy of the New
"Scientific Dandruff Treatment.
A. E. Lanier. Denver, says: "Herpicide
hss made my hair grow rapidly."
Mrs. A. Guerin. Great Falls. Mont.. Fays:
"I find Herpicide an excellent dandruff
cure."
H. Greenland, Portland, Or., says: "New-
»>ro's Herpicifie storped my hair's falling
out."
J. D. Israel. Norton. Wash..sayF: "Herp-
kid*> has completely cured my dandruff."
<:harl**e Brown, president First National
Bank, Vancouver. Wash., says: "Herpi-
cide is noted for keeping the scalp clean."
Insist upon the genuine. Sold by leading
rinipgists. Send 10c in ctamps for sample
to The Herpicide Co.. Detroit, Mich.
p 1 1 ! JVC) 1 1 1 'T*jt 1 1 1 J » t {j lii^l''l.l)»l > v
Your money goes twice as
far — Schilling's Best at your
grocer's — and comes right
back if you don't think so.VANCOUVER, B. C. Aug. 7.— A heavy
gale of wind which swept th© gulf yes
terday is held responsible for , the death
of at least three Japanese fishermen, and
It is thought that possibly several others
succumbed to Its fury. William Pcwers
to-day reported that be saw no less than
five boats : capsized.- All were manned by
Jaaanes*.
Japanese Fishermen Drowned.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Aug. 7.— W. A. Car
ter was arrested to-day on tho charge
of forging the name of E. W. Fisher to
two ten-dollar, checks. Carter has been
living with the Fisher' family for three
months. After cashing the checks, at
business houses Carter took Fisher's
horse and saddle and started for the bills,
but was captured fifteen miles out by
the Sheriff. ' > t
Forger Is Captured.
SAN DIEGO, Aug. 7.— 'me Seventh Reg
iment, which is now at "Camp Last," on
Coronado, had its first dress parade this
afternoon. The whole camp now presents
a, roost picturesquely military appearance,
with the sentries pacing back and forth,
the lines of stacked rifles in each of the
streets between the lines of jj tents, and
over all theetars and stripes waving from
the tall staff at headquarters. Colonel
Vodges, commanding the United States
forces here, and Major Kneedler visited
the camp to-day. Colonel Vodges partic
ularly Inspected the quartermaster's and
commissary departments, and when asked
what he thought, said, "They arc living
well." .
Seventh Regiment in Camp.
CYNTHIAICA, Kyy Aug: 7.— After eleven
dav^c'oii^umed tn- taking .testimony in. the
sf cond trial of the commonwealth of
Kentucky against Curtis Jett and Thomas
White, charged with tho assassination of
Thomas | B. Maxcum on May 4 last, both
sides rested Uhls afternoon. Arguments
will begin to-morrow. ;'>¦
Marcum Case Bests.
8AN JOSE. Aug. 7. — The grocery store of
D P. Greenfield, corner of Market and St.
John streets, was robbed last night. An en
trance was effected through a skylight* on the
roof. The cash register was robbed and a lot
of cigars and liquors taken. ' Ed Berry, whom
the Sheriff's office declare Is an ex-convict,
was arrested for the crime. H« was - drunk
when arrestfd. Some. of the stolen cigars were
found In his possession.
SAN JOSE. Aug. 7.— The will of William H.
Dawson, the pioneer capitalist who "died at
Santa Clara Monday, was filed for probate to
day. An estate valued at $80,000 is left, it
consists of 200 acres of land north of this city.
123 acres In Santa, Cruz County.' the Dawson
building: in' this city and $8ixX> in cash. - The
estate Is divided amons . thirteen nieces and
nephews and the Sisters of Charity of St
Vincent de Paul of this city. -
LOS ANGELES, Ausr. 7.— George E. Blt
tinger, cashier of the First National Bank of
Riverside, haa been elected cashier of the lios
Angeles National Bank to succeed W. . D.
Woolwlne, who. on account of ill health, re
slgntd on June 30.
KENO. Nev.. Ausr. 7. — Johnson Sides, the
well-known Piute. is lying dangerously 111 at
his wickiup near Reno. He has in times of
stress shown good service, and is now suffer
ing for the necessaries of life and medical at
tendance. An effort will be made to-day to
relievo the old man. of his Immediate distress.
BAKERSFIELD. Aug. 7.— The Southern Pa
cific has refused the demand of the pipe fitter*
and tinsmiths employed at the Kern City shops
for an increase In wages from 30 cents to 35
cents an hour. The last rate is paid to a few
employes who combine the two trades. ¦ As a
result of the refusal a number. of the employes
in these departments have resigned.
LOS ANGEL.E?, Aug. 7.— Judge Ross, In the
United States Circuit Court to-day granted the
Santa Fe Railway Company a temporary or
der restraining; local ticket scalpers from sell-
Ing, purchasing, transferring or dealing in
Grand Army excursion tickets. The brokers
are cited to appear ¦ In court August 24 and
show cause why a . permanent Injunction
should not isjue.
NEW YORK. Aug. 7.— Maurice 'Runkel. who
was Jointly indicted with Machen and Gregor
in the postofflce investigation, surrendered him
self before United States Commissioner Shields
to-day and gave $5000 bail for his appearance
when wanted.
WHATCOM, \Va5h., Ausr. 7.— Siemona &
Co.'b ten-blook shingle mill was destroyed by
flre thi* evening-. The damage Is $2^,000. with
no insurance.- The mill will be rebuilt.
PEKING, Auk. ".—Mrs. Conger visited the
Dowager Empress at the summer palace to-day
for the purpose of introducing Mlsa Kate Au
gusta Carl, an American artist from Paris,
who is to. paint the .Dowager Kmpress' portrait.
DENVER. Auk 7. — Reports co/nlngr in from
the farming region of Northern Colorado show
such great destruction~Of crops by the terrific
hall Btorm on- Wednesday night that the total
damage Is conservatively estimated at more
than $500,000.
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
BOSTON. Aug. 7.-Kid McFadden of
Ban Francisco won the decision over
Patey Haley of Boston before the Lenox
Athletic Club to-night. The bout went
the limit, twelve rounds,, and while* It
was McFadden's all t*e way Haley did
remarkable work and kept McFadden
busy from beginning to end.
McFadden Wins a Decision.
IX)NDON, Aug. 7.— Whitaker Wright,
the arrested promoter and director of tho
London and Globe Finance Corporation,
was released to-day from Brixton Jail,
satisfactory sureties for his $250,000 bail
having beon supplied.
Whitaker Wright Is Released.
LEWISTON. Idaho. Aug. 7.— Articles
of incorporation of the Lewiston-Waha
Land and Irrigation Company were filed
hrre to-day. The capitalization is $1,-
The incorporators include Senator
Dubois. <-'X-Senator Heitfeld of Idaho and
J. G. Trainor. a Chicago capitalist. The
company has acquired "Wana Lake, lo
cated, twrnty miles from Lcwlston, and
will utilize It 'for . reclaiming: 35.000 acres
of land. The company's plans also in
clude the construction of an electric
tro'.ley line from Lewiston through the
Irrigated district. Work oh the irrigation
project will commence October 15.
Irrigation Project Launched.
BUTTE, Mont., Aug. 7.— A Miner special
from Billings says that the wool growers
are holding secret sessions in that city
with a view of forming all the wool
growers of the Northwest Into one or
ganization to fight the demands of the
shearers for increased wages. The Cen
tral Montana Assoclatibn of Wool Grow
ers is behind the movement. Some losses
onfailed through strikes of shearers this
season- has prompted action.
Wool Growers to Combine.
HONOLULU. Aug. 7.— Judge de Bolt of
the Territorial Circuit Court to-day re
fused to grant the restraining injunction
asked for by the Hawaiian Commercial
Company of Spreckelsvllle, the largest
sugar plantation on tho islands, against
the Wailuku Sugar Company, both of
Maul Island. The litigation Involves
water rights of the value of several hun
dred thousand dollars, the sources of the
water being in the mountains. Upon the
Issues in this case depend scores of old
royal native grants, leases, deeds and
boundaries. The transcript contains 1 1000
pages of testimony. An appeal will be
taken to" the Supreme Court.
Island Litigation Involves Valuable
Water Rights and Many Royal
Native Grants.
JUDGE DE BOLT REFUSES
A RESTRAINING ORDER
NEW YORK, Aug. 7.— The following
Califomians have arrived in New York:
San Francisco— C. E. Gerrlsh, G. W. Hun
ter, at the Union Square; D. V. Kelly,
at the Netherlands; W. Schmltt, at the
Savoy; J. A.- Smith, at the Victoria; M.
Storm, at the Murray Hill: R. J. Chap
man, at the Manhattan; "W. W. Estrim,
O. H. Lyneberg, C. Olcott. at the Im
perial; Mrs.,E. J. Gray, at the Grand; S.
Basch. at the Marlborough.
Ix>s Angeles— J. O. Taplln. at the Man
hattan; J. F. Clapp. at the Earlington;
E. H. Gastv Jr.. at the Imperial.
Califomians in New York.
lie expressed the belief that Government
bonds in sufficient quantity now .were
outstanding to afford a basis for currency
issues. He said he would favor "the right
kind of a measure" looking to the greater
elasticity of the currency, but was sure
some of the measures recently proposed
would not be. acceptable to the country.
OYSTER BAY, N. Y., Aug. 7.— To sev
eral Senators who called upon him to
day. President Roosevelt stated his desire
respecting financial legislation at the ap
proaching session of Congress. Senator
Millard agreed with the President as to
the desirability of a more elastic system
of currency than the present one. but he
was quite positive that the Government
Itself ought to be behind every dollar of
currency issued, so that no question of its
value ever would be raised. . «
Thinks Currency Issues Should All
- Be 'Based on Bonds Now
• ' Outstanding.
SENATOR -MILL ARD GIVES
OPINION TO PRESIDENT
"WASHINGTON, Aug. 7.— Postmasters
commissioned: Oregon— Charles R. Dut
ton, Lehman.
"Washington— Robert M. Moody, Belfast.
Fourth-class postmasters appointed:
California— Rhoda Finch, Three Rivers,
Tulare County, vice Catherine C. Clayton,
resigned.
Oregon— Gratton W. Andrews, Bull Run,
Claekamas County, vice Laura E. An
drews,- resigned; Lydla J. Bascomb,
Ruckles, Douglas County, vice Robert T.
McCulloch, resigned.
Navy orders — Captain E. D. Taussig.
detached naval war college to command
Independence, Mare Island Yard..
j Twenty-fifth Battery, Field Artillery,
has been ordered from the Presidio of
Ean Francisco to Fort Riley, Kansas.
Twenty-Fifth Battery Is Ordered
From the Presidio to Fort
Riley, Kans.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Death of General Woodson.
PAOLiA. Kans.. Aug. 7.— Brigadier Gen
eral A. E. Woodson, U« 5. A., retired.
died here to-day, aged 62 years. He was
In the military service forty-one years.
He will be buried In the National Ceme
tery at Arlington, Va.
lngton, and Father, P. C. <Iavin. the Car
dinal's secretary. The Pope spoke af
fably to each and said to Rector O'Con
nell that he knew the Importance of the
Catholic University in "Washington and
would do all possible to further its inter
ests and prestige.
Cardinal Gibbons Is somewhat Indis
posed, the weather having become in
tensely hot. Still he has been able to> visit
the churches of St. Peter and St. Paul,
which, with yesterday's visit to Santa
Maria di Trastever, was obligatory during
his visit, which he must make every, tea
years.
The American Cardinal 13 merely suffer
ing from Intestinal trouble, due to thq
excessive heat and fatigue. His illness is
not regarded as serious.
DURAND, Mich., Aug. 7.— The death
list as the result of the collision early to
day in the/- Grand Trunk yards between
the two sections of Wallace Bros.' circus
train stands to-night at twenty-three,
seven of whom are in the morgue uniden
tified. The Coroner's jury to-day viewed
the remains and adjourned until August
14, when the Inquest will be held. Fol
lowing are the dead:
JAMES MCCARTHY, trainmaster of
the Grand Trunk Railroad, his division
embracing Port Huron and -Battle. Creek.
A. W. LARGE, special officer of the
Grand Trunk, Battle Creek.
JOHN PURCELL, Peru, Ind., boss can
vasman.
LAFE LARSON, Cambridge. Ohio,
driver.
G. THOMAS, residence unknown, la
borer. >
HARRY ST. CLAIR, residence un
known, ticket seller.
EDWARD W. YORK, Terre Haute,
Ind.
JOHN LEARY, Springfield, III., boss of
ring stock. "
ANDREW HOWLAND, New York,
canvasman.
FRANK THORP, Dundee, Mich., train
master of circus train.
ROBERT RICE, residence unknown,
harness-maker.
GEORGE j SMITH, residence unknown,
blacksmith.'
CHARLES SANDS. Peru, Ind., driver.
JOE WILSON, Pittsburg.
W. J. McCOY, Columbus, canvasman.
JAMES TOFFELMIER, Orient, Iowa.
UNKNOWN MAN. driver.
UNKNOWN MAN, home said to be in
Indianapolis,, rider in circus races.
UNKNOWN MAN, home said to be in
Louisville, driver.
UKNOWN MAN, driver.
UNKNOWN MAN, suffocated to death.
TWO UNIDENTIFIED MEN at the
hospital. "
LIST OF INJURED.
Seriously Injured: James W. Farley,
special officer of the Grand Trunk, De
troit, shoulder dislocated and badly
bruised about body; Joseph F. Benton,
New Milford, Conn., internal injuries; W.
H. Roe, Armstrong, 111., internal injuries;
Frank Tilley. Rising Sun. Ind.. hip dis
located, bad bruises and internal injuries;
Bole Abrams, Sandusky, Ohio; Bert Mc-
Grath, Connellsvllle, Ohio; John W.
Koons. Balrdstown, Ohior'George Bart
ley, Los Angeles, Cal.; W. L: Cone, Du
buque, Iowa; Joseph Patterson. Grand
Prairie. 111.: John Collins.' Des Moines,
Iowa; J. R; Stuart," Denver, Colo.
Edward W. York died at noon at the
temporary hospital. Fifteen of the in
jured were this afternoon - taken to the
Harper Hospital in Detroit for treatment.
The circus 'people have pitched their
.tents and camped near the scene of the
wreck. The dining-room of. Hotel Riche
lieu was used as an operating room by
the surgeons. A score of wives and
daughters of the residents volunteered
and worked with the surgeons all the
morning. Many of the Injured were fas
tened down in the wreckage so that they
had to be chopped and pried out.
Tho circus travels In two trains of
about fifteen cars each. After last night's
exhibition at Charlotte the two trains
left for Lapeer over the Grand Trunl^,
the second section leaving a half hour
after the. first. It was 3:45 o'clock when
the first section pulled into the west side
of the Grand Trunk yards here. A red
light was hung on the rear car to stop
the second section. Engineer Probst of
Battle Creek, who was running the en
gine of the roar train, says he saw this
light and applied the air brakes. To his
horror they refused to work. He reversed
his engine, hut the' momentum of the
train behind him was too great and with
a crash that aroused all of the town near
the yards the two trains met. .
Fireman Colter and Brakeman Benedict,
when they saw that a collision could not
be averted, jumped. Engineer Probst re
mained at his post, vainly trying to get
the brakes to work until his train wag
within loss than a hundred feet of train
No. 1. Then he, too, jumped when he
was within but a very few seconds of sure
death In the crush. He was shaken up,
as were tho fireman and brakeman, but
not badly. None of the crews of cither
train was hurt.
CARS TELESCOPED.
Three cars of the stationary first sec
tion were telescoped and the engine and
live cars of . the moving train were de
molished. The rear car of the first sec
tion was a caboose, In which the train
men were sleeping, and the next two were
filled with sleeping circus employes. The
greatest loss of life was in the caboose.
One of the wrecked cars of the second
section was occupied by five elephants and
several camels. One of the elephants and
two camels were killed outright, while
the other animals and their trainers
escaped. With tho exception of this car
COLORED MISSIONARY
ROBBED OF COLLECTIONS
Held Up on Railroad Track and Re
lieved of Money Meant to
Convert Heathen.
WOODLAND, Aug. 7.-David Swack
hanner. a colored Baptist missionary, re
ports tha.t he was held up and robbed
by two men on the railroad track about
a mile and a half below Merritt station.
Swackhanner has been engaged In mis
sionary work in Sacramento for two
weeks. On Thursday he left that city.
He was traveling along the railroad and
at the Doint where he was robbed the
county road crosses the railroad.
The two men hailed him. They. . were
dressed in khaki suits, wore leggins and
carried carbine rifles. They wore white
belts, which were filled with cartridges.
One of the men. of dark complexion, was
about 40 years of age. and his' dark mus
tache appeared /to be dyed. The other
was apparently 35 years of age, his hair
was sandy and his face waa clean shaved.
The robbery occurred about 12:30 o'clock.
Mr. Swackhanner was relieved of $9,
which represented his net. collections for
missionary work in Sacramento for two
weeks.
After the robbery the two men left the
road and started across fields in a south
easterly- direction, ranging between Da
visville and Sacramento.
The missionary continued his journey
along the railroad in the direction of
Woodland. After traveling about two
miles he met Under Sheriff Brown and
Deputy Sheriff Griffin, who are out
searching for Howard. He says they
would not believe his story. . ... .
none of the menagerie was wrecked, the
demolished cars containing canvas or
wagons. As soon as they recovered from
the first shock the trainers rushed among
the cages, quieting the animals that were
excited. An elephant in the wrecked car
behaved with surprising calmness and
was led out of the wreck without trouble.
A wrecking crew is kept in the yards
here and It was on the scene In a very
few minutes. All physicians and trained
nurses in the town were sent for and the
Hotel Richelieu was converted into a tem
porary hospital. Scores of volunteers
with stretchers were soon ffi readiness to
carry the injured away us fast as the
rescuers could extricate them. The dead,
many of them so terribly mangled that
identification seemed well-nigh Impossible,
were laid on the ground a short distance
from the scene. By 6 o'clock a corps of
twelve physicians was operating on the
injured and dressing their wounds in the
temporary hospital. Four of the injured
died at the hospital before 8:30 o'clock.
When the wrecked train crews had fin
ished pulling together the broken cars
twelve dead men were lying on the
grass awaiting removal to the morgue. A
majority of them were killed while asleep.
The* circus performers were on the rear of
the moving train and escaped injury.
NO ESTIMATE OF LOSS.
' "Wallace Brothers say their loss will be
very heavy, but have given no estimate of
it as yet. The official report on the acci
dent issued by Superintendent Brownlee
declared positively that the airbrakes
have been tested since the accident and
found to be in perfect condition and there
is evidence that they were not applied.
One of the officials, In dese'riblng the ac
cident and its cause, said that he believed
that Engineer Probst had exhausted his
air in checking his train several times
between Lansing and Durand and failed
to charge his tank again. The head brake
man and 'fireman, who were on the en
gine, bear out Engineer Probst's state
ment that the brakes refused to work.
The bodies of the dead have been placed
in coffins and are belngr shipped to their
homes as rapidly as possible.
DETROIT, Aug. 7.— Twenty-two of the
Injured circus men were brought to De
troit this afternoon in a special hospital
train and taken to Harper Hospital. At
the hospital to-night It. was stated that
none of them were likely to dl« to-night,
although 'John Thomson of Peru, Ind.;
George Clough and James Stewart are in
a serious condition and may not recover.
Engineer Says Air Brakes Failed to
Work, but Officials Declare They
Are Found to Be in Per
fect Order.
Two Sections Crash Together
With Appalling */,-;, l\
Results.
Constable Rivera of Redlands, who ia
an old-time settler in the district, says
that almost twenty years ago a prisoner,
James Wharton- by name, escaped from
the Los Angeles Jail. He effected his es
cape bv filing the ball from his chain
while at. work in the courtyard. He made
his way east to this city, where he was
shortly afterward detected by officers.
Before- they could capture him; however,
he stole a horse, and when last seen
was making his way along the road to
old San Bernardino. The horse returned
home next day, but Wharton was never
seen again! Those who saw him last said
that he still wore his chain, and there
can be little doubt that the skeleton found
to-day is that of the escape of twenty
years ago. The \bones were found three
and a half feet under the earth. How
they . came there or how Wharton met
death is a mystery.
SAN BERNARDINO, Aug. 7.-A human
skeleton was - unearthed on the Barton
tract east of this city this afternoon by
workmen in the employ of a ditch com
pany. Partly wrapped about the bones
was a heavy iron chain, while the neck
wore a heavy collar of sheet Iron riveted
together. .
Special Dispatch to The CalL
The concern will "manufacture, buy
and sell all kinds of merchandise: own,
acquire and conduct a printing, litho
graphing, engraving and publishing busi
ness; construct, own, operate or lease
warehouses in every State of the United
States and In foreign countries; organize
and operate schools of . instruction and
libraries; carry on any of the business
of house decorators, sanitary engineers,
electrical engineers and contracting in all
branches thereon, gasfltters, coal and
wood dealers, land estate and house
rents, builders, contractors, storekeeper's,
refreshment contractors, restaurant keep
ers, dealers in drugs and medicines and
mineral waters, barbers and hair dress
ers, perfumes, dairymen, market garden
ers, nurserymen and florists, photogaph
ers and dealers in photographic supplies,
printers, lithographers and engravers,
dealers in domestic trained and fancy
animals and In every commodity sold In
general department stores."
The title of the company, chartered to
day Is the Cash Buyers' Union First Na
tional Co-operative Society, with an au
thorized capital of $5,000,000. The charter
provides that "if in any year dividends
amounting to 7 per cent per annum shall
not be paid on such preferred stock the*
deficiency shall be a charge on the net
profits and be - payable, but without in
terest, before any dividend shall be paid
on or set apart for the common stock."
The net profits of the corporation may
be distributed among the holders of out
standing common stock when the board
of directors or executive committee shall
determine, no dividend to be paid on
common stock during the fiscal year until
all dividends on preferred stock have
been liquidated.
It is believed the capital stock will be
raised by tens of millions of dollars in an
amended certificate to be filed later.
The incorporators are Gerald A. Griffin,
Frank R. Series and Joseph Gerrardt.
TRENTON, N. J., Aug. 7.— There was
incorporated here to-day, at the office of
the Secretary of State, a gigantic corpo
ration to acquire and operate department
stores : In* ail • parts i of . this country and
Europe. The. articles of Incorporation
were prepared in the. office of James B.
Dill,' who "procured the charters of the
United States Steel Corporation and other
great concerns.. '.'
Special Dispatch to The Call.
After his private audience Cardinal Gib
bons presented to the Pope the Rev. Den
nis R. O'Connell, rector, and Father
Charles -P. Grannan, professor of theol
ogy of the Catholic University in Wash-
ROME, Aug. 7.— Cardinal Gibbons was
received by the' Pope to-day in private au
dience. In a lengthy conference Pius X
renewed his expressions of interest in
America, already made manifest by his
reception on Wednesday to the pilgrims
from the United States. TTTe Pope said
he should have liked to have the Cardinal
remain in Rome for some time. In order
that he might become thoroughly ac
quainted with all questions connected
with the United States, but hi3 Holiness
did not insist, being aware, he said, of
the Cardinal's delicate state of health and
his suffering from the hot weather.
In closing the audience the Pontiff
charged Cardinal Gibbons to convey the
apostolic benediction to all of the faith
ful of America.
Pope Pius Extends Apostolic Benedic
tion to America's Faithful.
RECEIVES CARDINAL GIBBONS.
ROME, Aug. 7.— St Peter's Is closed
while the preparations for the coronation
next Sunday are proceeding. Pope Pius
X has expressed a desire to have as many
of the humble members of the faith as
possible admitted, and 50.000 tickets will
be distributed by the parish priests,
Catholic clubs and associations, semin
aries, ecclesiastical colleges, monasteries
and convents. The remainder of the seats
will be reserved for distinguished guests.
Thousands are already leaving the Vene
tian provinces to attend the coronation
of "their Pope." .
The Government, to avoid untoward in
cidents, • has ordered the piazza and the
neighborhood of St. Peter's and the ba
silica to be occupied by the military, and
has forbidden an anti-clerical manifesta
tion proposed by the Socialists .and Re
publicans for that day.
The Pope's first allocution, to be deliv
ered at the next secret consistory, is
looked forward to with great interest.
Don Carlos, the Spanish pretender, who
is a personal friend -of Pius X, has said
to his followers that he would not now
have the papacy against him, as he did
under the pontificate of Leo, who was
godfather of King Alfonso, and has even
gone so far as to say that he hoped the
accession of the Pope would help him to
the throne.
Dr. Lapponi said to-day that Cardinal
Herrero.y Esplnosa was out of danger.
Hallway earnings thus far reported for the
month of July indicate a pain of 14 per cen^
ever the same month a year ago and there
fore to this extent «n> the best ever reported
for that month. Hides are tagier. Lumber Is
e^tlv* at the West, but new "enterprises in
volving its us» at the East are reported held
up by financial uncertainties.
Ueports of cur shortage troubles are increas
ine. the latest sufferer being the Western
lurr.her trade.
Wheat, including flour, exports for the week
cndiriK Autrust C, ajrjrrerate 3.4«n.2f» but-hels.
«Kalnst 3.131.442 bushels last week. 4.24"> 3ft3
bushels this week last year. R,.X31,1»9 bush
els in 1801. and 3.31N7C0 bushels in 190O.
<"orn exports for the week apgTegate fcS^SS
bushels, apainst V21.KZI bushels last week. 70.-
Sll bushels a year ac<\ !««i.714 bushels in 1901
er.d C.KM.774 bushels In W*>.
There were ITS commercial failures'this week
In the United States, against 190 last week;
191 the preceding week, and 19<> the correspond,
ing week of last year, and in Canada Hi.
¦gainst 19 last week; U the preceding week and
21 the previous year.
Bradstreet's to-morrow will say:
hummed up in a sentence, it may be said
that the rasa In trade and industry is satis
factorily secured, while the future, despite
pome mainly sentimental drawbacks, is highly
promising. Divided geographically it is to be
noted that the East feels the effect of a spec
ulative liquidation and the dulling effects on
manufacturing of high prices of raw mate
rial, or of strikes, while the West and South
contemplate the i>rcfpects of good yields of
staple crops and remunerative prices for the
came with confidence and even optimism.
Staple prices are drifting lower. Food
products certainly tend lower.
Other developments in actual trade and
manufacture are favorable. There are mere
buyers of dry goods and clothing, hats, fhoes
and hardware in Western markets, and In
nearly ail lines business is claimed to be <qual
to or In excess of last year, so far. The dry"
t«od* searon has or^ned well at New York in
all llne» except cotton goods. For the first
time In weeks something approaching life is
*een in the iron trade.
NEW YORK, Aug. 7.-R. G. Dun &
Co.'s Weekly Review of Trade lo-morrow
will saj-:
Trade advices from nearly every, section con
tinued to show as favorable conditions as a
year a#r> and ia many lines the volume of
transactions hag been increased. ..Jobbers re
!>ort fail ' business openjac with excellent pros
pects, and manufacturing plants are well oc
cupied with the exception of cotton mills. Dis
tribution cf merchandise is so hekvy that.rail
way oquipment already proves inadequate, al
though crops are not the factor that they will
li*" in a few weeks. Earnings In July exceeded
last year's by 1Z7 per cent, and those of 1901
t>.v 20.2 fer cent. On ihr whole, news from the
larm? is less favorable, but no serious curtail
ment is assured, and many sections make very
bright reports. A decline of 1.5 per cent in
commodities in July is evidence that prices
are less inflated, since the change was mainly
in moats and other food, which have been rul
lcg at an abnormal position.
Consumption of iron and steel is on a large
tcale and in many departments the past week
iiaa witnessed the signing of numerous con
tracts, but there is a tendency to deliver pur
chases beyond early needs. . This conservatism
is not surprising In view of the uncertainty
regarding the security and financial markets,
together with considerable Interruption to
structural work throush labor controversies.
The rate of consumption and the moderate sixe
of orders, however, indicate that stocks are
running 1 low. which encourages furnace men
and mill operators to hold quotations fairly
fcteaiy. A moderate tonnage of pigiron has
been ordered and in partly finished products
the best feature juft now is the bidding for
agricultural implt merit makers. More pigiron
Mas Imported in July than anticipated, and
Oeiroan billets are ttill offered at Pittsburg.
but the domestic makers announce their inten
tion of meeting foreign competition. There is
less pressure for tin plates, the peculiar
weather extending the canning season and giv
ing more time for delivery of can*. There
is full occupation in a!l branches of thin in
dustry and in merchant pipe also the mills
have full order book? for many months.
No change is noticed in the attitude of cotton
poods buyers, who arpear determined to post
jione business until the readjustment of prices
for raw material. Owing to the gradual re
duction in mill stocks there is a similar dis
jxwition to delay undertaking new contracts
and the result is further addicted to idle ma.
chinery. In view of comparative steadiness of
retail prices and the activity of dry goods
trading at many point*, it is evident thai
Ftocks in other than first hands were larger
than was believed when the speculative ad
vance began. Although jobber* report bright
prospects tor fall trade, it is remarkable that
they make so little effort to secure forward
deliveries. Irregular distribution of orders is
reported In woolens, some lines being with
drawn, while others make little progress. An
increase In number of buyers is encouraging
and in the argrepate sales are fully up to nor
mal. Healthy conditions continue in footwear.
romf grades" advancing in price, while New
England t-hops are not able to accept orders for
delivery in several months.
L. L. Cook, $3500, Insurance $1500; Mrs.
Dora Albers, $7000. Insurance $3500; H. C.
Veatch. $1000, insurance $500; O. K. Smith
and B. Caldwell, $7500. Insurance $8500; K.
Weinrich, Sacramento, S1S00; J. M. Hastings.
$64100 on building and $500 worth of furniture
in hotel; W. A. Walker, $5000. insurance $4000.
;CHICO, Aug. 7.— Approximately one
half of the business portion of Biggs, in
Southern Butte County, was destroyed by
fire this afternoon, entailing ' a loss of
over $40,000 and sweeping away the most
substantial part of the town. The flre
started hi a small clothing and furnish
ing goods establishment ownedby Joseph
Eller of Sacramento and conducted by
Joseph Kehfeld. The latter was cooking
a meal on a gasoline stove and the gaso
line tank exploded.
¦ Within five minutes the fire was spread
ing with great rapidity both' east and
west, for this establishment was mid
way of the principal business block.
Though fully 300 men assembled to en
deavor to tight the fire, there was no
fire apparatus with which to accomplish
anything and all that could be done was
to form a bucket brigade and try to save
the business block on the opposite side
of the street, which was done after a
most determined .fight lasting about' two
hours.
Losses and insurance were approximate
ly as follows:
Southern Pacific depot, equipment and
freight, Iops $30oO: I. G. Setzer, grocery store,
$2000, Insurance $1500; C. M. Glvens. barber
><hop, $200; George Kluber, shoemaker, $500;
Joseph' Eller. clothing and furnishing goods.
$1500, insurance $1000; Dr. B. Caldwell. drug
store stock. $4000 (Insurance $1500), library
and surgical Instruments, $500; Sacramento
Valley. Bank, $1000; H. Fitch, saloon stock
and fixtures, $2000, Insurance $1200; E. Stead
man, saloon fixtures and stock, gasoline plant
and engine, $4000. Insurance $1500; Grion
Uros.. hay, $50; Mrs. George Worth, proprie
tor Fowler House, $500; Mcse Lapolnt. etock
general merchandise, $S000, Insurance $5000; a.
1'. Parker, ehophouse, $250.
Losses on buildings were:
The mystery of Professor Langley's
whereabouts i3 quite as deep in Wash
ington as it is In Widewater. and no om
yet has been able to find'hiln here to
serve notice of President Yarrow's rul
ing In regard to club guests.
President Roosevelt is a member of the
club, and with others will, of course, re
ceive the official notice. It was at the
Mount Vernon Ducking Association that
Mr. Roosevelt took his first outing after
he became President, and he haa slncn
been there for rest and sp.ort several
times with members of his family.
CALL, BUREATi 1406 G STREET N.
W., WASHINGTON, Aug. 7.— In his con
troversy with Professor Langley over the
question of using the Mount Vernon
Ducking Association's clubhouse as head
quarters for airship workmen. Truxtun
Bcale has turned the first trick.
Dr. H. C. Yarrow, president of the asso
ciation, in response to a protest by Bea!e
and his friends, has sent notices to all
club members, including Professor Lang
ley, that hereafter the clubhouse Is to be
used only by "nrembers and their persona!
guests." It v.-as said by members of the
club to-night that this would have the ef
fect of putting flying machine mechanic3
and laborers out of the clubhouse unless
Professor Langley chose to Introduce
them as his "personal guests," which la
deemed unlikely.
Special IMspatch to The Call.
Fifty Thousand Tickets Are
Distributed Through
out Rome.
Explos ion of Gasol ine Tank
Starts Flames in Center
of Block.
All Forms of Business In
. eluded in Its Plan of
Operation.
President of Mount Vernon
Ducking Association
Heeds Protest.
Grand Trunk Disaster
Claims Twenty-Three
Victims.
Consumption of Iron and
Steel Is on a Large
Scale.
Bones of Man Who Escaped
With Ball and Chain
Are Uncovered.,
m
Factories Are Busy,
Except Cotton.
• Mills. •
Butte Town Suffers a
Loss of More Than
$40,000. >'
Giant Corporation Files
Articles Under New
Jersey Laws.
Humble Members of the
Faith Given First
Place by Pope.
Find Reveals Fate of
Former Los Angeles
Prisoner.
Clubhouse Is Closed to
the Airship Man's
Employes.
MANY PERISH
IN A CIRCUS
TRAIN WRECK
FALL BUSINESS
OPENING WELL
FIRE DESTROYS
HALF OF BIGGS
TO OPEN STORES
IN MANY CITIES
COLLAR OF IRON
ON A SKELETON
POOR WILL VIEW
THE CORONATION
TRUXTUN BEALE
ROUTS LANGLEY
THE SAN FB A* CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 8, 1903.
4
AD VZKTISEHENTS. '
Chest Pains JFr dm
"Tobacco Heart."
Valvular Heart Dis-
ease Threatened.
Dr. Miles* Heart Cure
Cured Me.
The effect of excessive cmokiog shown by
ruch symptoms as heart pains, heartburn,
smotherine spells, shortness of breath, flut-
tering and palpitation, is most serious. If
your neart is in any way affected you should
at once begin the use of Dr. Miles' Heart
Cure which enriches the blood, regulate! the
heart's action and improves the circulation.
"I am a local newspaper man and
have been an inveterate smoker since my
boyhood. A little over a year ago I first
noticed symptoms of heart trouble, palpita-
tion and acute pains and a peculiar, I might
say, indescribable feeling across my chest
Local physicians said I had 'tobacco heart.*
I quit smoking for a while and took regular
dose, of digitalis and bclladona with some
relief but the same old symptoms were still
there. A friend of mine here recently died
of what the doctor said was valvular disease
of the heart. Knowing that his symptoms
were similar to mine I felt that ray time too
was limited, although I am still a voung
man, in my thirty-ninth year. In Skulman
& Stone's drag store here Dr. Miles' New
Heart Cure was recommended. I began
taking it and I can positively state that its
effect is marvelous. I have just finished my
third bottle and feel like a 'kid' and believe
I am cured. This letter is the spontaneous
utterance of one who wishes to thank yon
for benefits received."— Wm. N. Grant,
Seattle, Wash, formerly of Spokane, Wash.
All druggists sell and guarantee first bot-
tle Dr. Miles' Remedies. Send for free book
on Nervous and Heart I tiseases. Address
Dr. Miles Medical Co, Elkhart, Ind.
STATEMENT
py tIije
CONDITION AND APFAXBS
or the—
III FBI'S
INSURANCE COMPANY,
f\F PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
v Pennsylvania, on the. 31st day of De<-era-
°*r.' X D. 1902. and for the year ending on
that day. as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State, of California pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank furnish,
ed by tha Commissioner:
Amount of • Capital Stock, raid
up la Cash ?... $300,000 CO
Real Estate owned by Company. . $205 TOO On
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages... 387.92* 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
a™« .T't owned *>y Company.. 864.436 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledg*
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral. 137 00O CO
Cash in Corapany-s OffW 4 9T4 n
Cash in Banks M 5a« Si
Interest due and accrued on ail ' W
Stocks and Loans . ««<( -~
Interest due and accrued on Bond.
and Mortgages t 7 .«, ,~
Premiums in due Course of Co'l-
If ction — w «»«» .»
Bills receivable. not " ' matured' " * "
Risks f0I> Flfe " n(1 Mariae
Rents due" "and accrued '.'.'.'.'. Hi 1'
Deposit with Philadelphia Flri
Lnderwriters" Association 100 0>
1 de P° slt » »n cours. of
COMeCUOn " •
T^ { jt.Tg.rg^
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid ...... $10 174 71
Losses In process of Adjustment
or In Suspense 17 433 Ol
Losses resisted. Including expenses »"-- m
Gross premiums-, on Fire Risks
running one year or l«?«s. $309.-
.02 15; reinsurance 50 per cent.. 154,851 22
Gross premiums on Flre Risks
running- more fhan one year
$330.167 08; reinsurance pro
rata <m «-• . .
Amount reclalmabl« by the" in'-
sured on perpetual fire Insurance
tJ!2 * '1 868.353 00
Due and accrued for salaries.
rents, etc 8 iSO is
Commissions and Brokerage du»
and to become dua 17 7"7 14
All other liabilities .'. 12.133 87
Total Liabilities 11.279 <VSI 42
INCOME. ~~~
Net cash actually received for Firs
premiums $532,188 «S
Received for. Interest on Bonds
and Mortgages .\ 21.540 13
Received for Interest and divi-
dends on Bonds, Stocks Loans.
and from all other sources 40, «3S 34
Received for Rents 9.397 75
Received from all other sources.. 77.632 33
Total Income. • $701,457 23
EXPENDITURES. ~
Ntt amount paid for Flre Losses
(Including $31,050 OS. losses of
previous years) $r».PC8 O
Dividends to Stockholders 30,000 CO
Paid or allowed for Commission or *
Brokerago 120.3*1 00
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for offlr«r». clerks, etc. 29,923 13
Paid for State National anJ Lo-
cal taxes ..*. 14.9C3 *3
All other payments and expendi-
tures RS.563 54
* '. ¦ . :' " — »— —^—
Total Expenditures $493,019 !>3
/ =^
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $235.3S3 86
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premium*.
Net amount of Risks
yVar^.^'.^mmOeO $305.6=3 85
Net amount of Risks
expired during the .„_..— «,
year 40.143.230 443.103 17
Net amount In force M
December 31. 1802. 59.579.940 639,869 83
ROBT B. BEATH. President.
DENNIS J. SWEENT. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to befors ma tni? wta
SlART C L..cf 3 h»BELL, Notary Fubllo.
GUTTE & FRANK,
General Agents.
303 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
STATEMENT
oy the
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
; OF THE
i ¦ .- •-_ -• -. •
ASSURANCE COMPANY,
OF BERLIN. GERMANY. ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1902. and for the
year endln* on that day. as made to the In-
surance CommUsloner of the State of Calw
fornla pursuant to the provisions of Section*
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITA!*
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up \
In cash <:50,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company. . $423,834 34
Loans on Bonds and Mortsa«es.. 143.000 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. 3S6.517 28
Cash In Company's Office 23.9«4 05
Cash In Banks 250,532 84
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 1.599 02
Due from other Companies, Agents,
etc.... B24.641 08
Total Assets .$1.770,108 S9
LIABILITIES. '
Losses adjusted and unpaid
Losses In process of Adjustment ]
or In Suspense } $043.773 72
Losses resisted, including expenses]
Gross premiums on Flre Risks
running one year or less. $..-..;
reinsurance SO per cent 170,322 60
Gross premiums on Marine and
Inland Navigation Risks. $...;
reinsurance 100 per cent • 200.54S 23
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, $...; reinsurance 50
per cent • J • x
Liability under other departments. 314,510 02
Cash dividends remaining; unpaid. 282 CO
All other liabilities 3.504 77
Total Liabilities 79
- INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fins
premiums • $127,783 41
Net cash actually received for
Marine premiums V. 3S6.52S 16
Received for Interest on Bonds and . - •
Mortgages 6.850 00
Received (or interest and dlvi.
dends on Bonds. Stocks. Loans
and from all other sources 28.928 54
Received for Rents 13,642 33
Received from all other sources. .467,053 69
Total Income .$1,330,691 13
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Flre . Losses
(Including $..... losses of pre- ' ¦
vious years) . . . ................ $231,812 91
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(Including $...., losses of pre-
vious years) 249,187 29
Dividends to Stockholders SO 000 CO
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage •- 305,673 47
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc..
losses of other branches 161 BS7 «1
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes • 9 300 7^
AH other payments and. expen- '
dltu « 9 •' • •;••. 47.807 M
Total Expenditures $1.183.983 19
Risks and Premiums. Flre Rlska.| Premiums.
Net amount of Risks : T
written during the
year .............. $222,226,300 $420.007 10
Net amount of Risks *v.w« iv
expired during the
„ y. car .• •••••• 223.918.8D3 427 783 41
Net amount in force *••••»»«
December 31. 1902.. 83.256,500 170.322 Kft
Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks T
written during the
NeT^t'of Risk, « 188 - 102 . 2 " «m.«n
expired during the .
Ne"\Vounr la 'force SS ' m - 42i ***.*& 16
December 31. 1902. . 10,462^57 125.M8 M
M U ?• N °UNAN.
u - 8 - Consul General.
GUTTE & FRANK,
. • General Agents.
303 CALIFORNIA STREET, •
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. '
ApVEBTISEMElSrTS.
Mn
CALLER— Dear old Jack, I Juat read In the paper about your being sun-
struck, and rushed right over. I'm awfully glad you're as well as you are.
You're lucky: Now, old man, I don't want to work the old "I told you so'.' gag
on you, but the way to prevent sunstroke Is to keep the bowels clean and cool,
and. the blood from being over-heated, by taking a CASCARET Candy Cathartic at
bed-time. They work while you' sleep, and keep you safe and comfortable all day.building that the wire cables attached to
the building would have to be removed
forthwith, owing to the danger of the
stone work breaking out. Superintendent
Engineer Wolters, acting for his employ
ers, asked the Board of Works to cause j
the removal of the cables at once. The '
Hahn & Nathan. ?1O; Zellerbacb & Sons, $10;
Captain A. C. Freese, $10; Hammond Lumbei
Company, $10; C. H. Gordon, $10; Rosenthal'i
(Inc.), $10; Carrau & Green, $10; Attornej
General's office, $30; Tlllmann & Bendel, $50;
McNab & Smith. $10; Collins & Wheeland,
$10; Cook Belting Company, $10; Dalrymen'i
Union of California. $10; R. D. Davis & Co.,
$10; H. Dorccher, M0; E. J. Dodge & Co., $10;
Darbee & Immel, ?1O; Dolliver Bros.. $10: De-
Engineers, Committees and Board of Works Are Likely
to Agree on a Safe Scheme of Illumination That Will
Give as Grand ? n Electric Display as at First Intended
MODIFIED PLANS WILL PERMIT
ERECTION OF A GREAT ARCH
Family Quarrel Ends in Murder.
NEILLVILLE, Wis.. Aug. 7.— During a
quarrel between Gottlieb Scholtz and
members of his family. In the town of
Self, Scholtz shot and killed his daughter,
Mrs. Patrick Leydon. Patrick Leydon, a
son-in-law, was shot through the breast
and is' In a serious condition. Scholtz's
head was crushed with blows from a
pitchfork, and Mrs. Scholtz is badly
bruised and also prostrated by nervous
shock. Scholtz has been under bonds
awaiting trial for attempting to murder
his wife.
North Carolina Race Riots.
CHARLOTTE, N. C, Aug. 7.— Serious
trouble between negroes and whites is
threatened at Henrietta. Two negroes
were shot last night and one of them will
die. The cause of the trouble was the al
leged disturbing of a colored meeting by
whites and the alleged cursing of a white
by a negro. An armed' force of ne
groes was dispersed by the police, but
more trouble is expected.
William E. Smythe of San Diego, Cal.,
known as "father of the National Irri
gation Congress," has accepted an invi
tation to deliver an address before the
congress, his subject to be "The Influ
ence of Irrigation on Western Civiliza
tion."
OGDEN, Utah, Aug. 7.— Chairman .Kle
sel of the National Irrigation Congress
this evening received a cablegram from
Adolphus Busch, dated Langen, Schwal
bach, Germany, offering a silver loving
cup valued at $500 for the best exhibit
of hops grown in the arid States and
Territories, to be shown at the coming
session of the National Irritation Con
gress at Ogden. This Is the third cup to
be offered in connection with the agricul
tural and horticultural exhibit, which
promises to be a unique feature of the
congress.
Plans Rapidly Maturing for Coming
Session of National Irrigation
Congress at Ogden.
VALUABLE CUP OFFEBED
FOR EXHIBIT OF HOPS
OGDEN, Utah, Aug. 7.— William Majors,
a miner from Golconda, Nev., was shot
by a robber on an eastbound freight at
5 o'clock this morning at Cawdor, a sta
tion a few miles west of Ogden, on the
Southern Pacific. Majors was riding on
the platform of a steel coal car, when
suddenly the robber made his appearance
and, pointing a revolver at him, demand
ed his money. At first Majors treated the
demand as a joke and brushed the revol
ver aside, when It was accidentally dis
charged. The two men then clinched and
In the struggle which followed all the
shots of the revolver were discharged and
Majors was rendered helpless by two
wounds— one In his right leg above the
knee and one in the left hip. His assail
ant then robbed him of a gold watch and
$5 in money and left the train.
Majors was brought to the hospital at
Ogden, where it was found that his
wounds were serious, but hopes are given
for his recovery. The Sheriff and police
have a good description of Majors'-as
sailant and a suspect has already been ar
rested at Brlgham City.
In Struggle Five Shots Are Fired,
Two of Which Take
Effect.
MINEB IS WOUNDED
AND BOBBED ON TRAIN
This court is of the opinion that the trans
portation of the goods on the high seas was an
act preliminary to Importation and not any
part of the Importation. Had the vessel with
its cargo been lost at sea. It is clear that the
sugars would not have been imported into the
United States, nor would they have been im
ported had they been thrown overboard during
the stress of weather."
The same arguments were advanced by
the collector and the plaintiff In* the Porto
Rlcan sugar matter, and the collector was
again overruled, Judge Ray stating:
It would seem that merchandise Is to be
deemed imported on the day when It arrived
at the port of entry and not before. The de
murrer of the defendant must be overruled
with costs. So ruled.
NEW YORK. Aug. 7.— Judge Ray in the
United States Circuit Court handed down
two decisions to-day overruling the de
murrers taken by George . R. Bidwell
when Collector of the Port in the suit of
the American Sugar Refining Company
to recover duties upon- certain sugars
brought from Panay in the Philippines
and from Porto Rico.
The refining company sued for $58,075,
with interest from October 11, 1E99, In the
matter of the Philippine sugar and for
$21,716 on the Porto Rico sugar, and for
terest from April IS, 1S99. The allegations
of the plaintiff say that the amounts "were
illegally extracted and«:ollected. The ac
tion was begun in the Supreme Court and
removed to the United States Circuit
Court. Collector Bidwell demurred on the
ground, in the Panay matter, that when
the sugar was shipped on March 14, 1809,
the Philippine Islands were foreign terri
tory, as the treaty of Paris was not rat
ified by the Spanish authorities until
Maych 19 and by the Washington author
ities until 'April 11.
Judge Ray held that:
Action to RecoverODuties Is
Successful in Circuit
Court.
Judge Bay Overrules
Demurrers Taken by
Collectors. \ ":
SUGAR COMPANY
WINS ITS SUIT
Archibald Treat, the well-known sports
man, has proved the star angler of the
week. While trolling on Lake Tahoe, near
Brockway, some days since he hooked a
twenty-eight and a half inch trout weigh
ing nine and a half pounds. After a
thirty-minute battle he landed his prize,
lie was using a star spinner with a light
brook trout tackle. Experts say 4 the
trout is of the Salmo Tahoensis species.
Big Trout Taken in Lake Tahoe.
Committee of arrangements — A. A. McCoy
(chairman), Monroe J. Orr, • Charles E. Mont
gomery, John E. . Cronin. Reception commit
tee — C. N. Hancock (chairman), John W.
Btrombers, D. S. Cahen, John A. Hudson.
Committee on programme — A. ¦ A. McCoy
(chairman), Monroe J. Orr, C. N. Hancock.
Floor manacer, Monroe J. Orr. Assistant
floor manager. A- A. McCoy. Floor commit
tee — D. S. Cahen, Joseph Seagraves, E. B.
Hussey, Warren Dibble, Charles S. Tripler, L.
K. Vane, D. J. O'Herne.
The first entertainment and social dance
by Lincoln Camp No. 16, Sons of Veterans
of the G. A. R.. took place last night in
assembly hall, Red Men's building. The
programme proved highly entertaining.
Dancing continued until" about midnight
and between the dances there were vocal
and instrumental selections and recita
tions
The following were on the various com
mittees: "v. ;>;.¦;¦ .:»i ? r
SONS OF VETERANS ENJOY
A SUCCESSFUL SOCIAL
Amount . heretofore reported. $20, Ill's 25;
Goodfellow'c Grotto. (25; California Bottling
Company, ?20; Ruedlger & . Loesch (second
contribution), $10; Gare, Mills & Co., Jl<>;
Pacific Hardware and 6teel Company (second
contribution), |5o; Meyerateln & Co.. S25:
The following additional contributions
to the encampment fund were received at
Grand Army headquarters yesterday:
THE FUND GROWS.
There will be two large parades during
encampment week. One will be made up
of Grand Army men entirely and the
other will have in line a large number of
military and^ivic societies and floats and
•many novel and attractive features, and
will be perhaps the largest and most at
tractive parade ever seen in San Fran
cisco. This will be the parade of Tues
day, August 18. which will form In the
xxfornlng around Union Square and march
through the principal streets. General R.
H. Warfield has been chosen grand mar
shal; Colonel William Edwards, chief of
6taff ; Colonel J. F. Burgin, chief aid. The
column will be headed by a company oi
police, followed by the companies from
the regular army stationed at posts in the
vicinity of San Francisco; also detach
ments from the United States navy. Then
will come the National Guard of Califor
nia, First Infantry. Fifth Infantry, Signal
Corps; Troop A, cavalry, sixty men; First
Artillery, with four guns; the Naval Re-»
serve, three companies, two field pieces.
The Second and Sixth regiments will be
in camp at Santa Cruz at the time and
will come to San Francisco on two spe
cial trains to participate in the parade in
honor of the Grand Army. Of the soci
eties that have been invited to participate
In the parade the following have accept
ed: Columbia Park Boys' Club, Major
Sidney S. Peixotto, three companies, mili
tary band and drum and bugle corps of
twenty-four boys; the California Volun
teer Veteran Association, fifty men; In
dependent Rifles, one company, Captain
Schneider commanding; Austrian Military
and Benevolent Association, seventy-five
men, armed and equipped, and '100 civil
ians, M. Saladin president. Captain Rus
sell commanding; Knights of Pythias, the
number of lodges and members to partici
pate will be ascertained later; Woodmen
of the World, 1000 uniformed men bearing
axes, in line and several very attractive
floats; San Francisco Turn Verein, in uni
form, with floats, and ladies in white at
tire; San Francisco Turner Section; the
Society of Mexican Veterans, in car
riages; Board of Supervisors; Mayor
Schmitz and city officials; Native Sons of
the Golden West; officers of the Grand
Parlor of California; Roosevelt Boys'
Club, three companies; Red Men, 800
strong, in regalia; Phelps Squadron No.
12, United States Veteran Navy, Captain
Charles Edelman; Calvary Reserve Corps
of Calvary Presbyterian Church, . San
Francisco: First Congregational Cadet
Corps of Oakland, Captain H. F. Hob"son.
One company of Union ex-prisoners of
war will be assigned to the line.
PARADES WILL ABOTTND.
Wolters stated that the cables had been
attached to the building without the con
sent of the owner, Claus Spreckels, and
without a knowledge of the details of the
proposed construction. Casey said that
the board had contended with the same
trouble in that proper plans and specifica
tions had never been furnished. Wolters
again formally notified the board that Mr.
Spreckels Insisted that the cables be re
moved at ones.
board held that It had no Jurisdiction to
do so, as It was a private matter over
which It had no control. It was suggest
ed that the only remedy lay in suing out
a restraining writ in the courts. Wolters
asked if the board would take any action
if a complaint was tiled that the arch as
It now stands is a menace to life and
limb, and President Casey said that
would be another matter.
Allegheny City claims the largest con
tingent on the big special which left
Plttsburg last Monday, carrying Abe Pat
terson Post. Since the list of passengers
has been printed about 100 more joined the
party on the trip to California. Major J.
Ij. Shook, commander, of the post, is in
charge of the party. Eleven days will be
epent on the westward Journey and the
party will arrive in San Francisco August
14 and have its headquarters at the Grand
Hotel. The round trip will last about
thirty days.
Mrs. J. C. Reid, widow of the late Cap
tain Reid, the organizer and "commander
of the famous California "100," will re
visit her California home as the guest of
the G. A. R.
The Woman's Relief Corps, headed by
the national officers, will give a reception
to General Thomas J. Stewart, command
er in chief, G. A. R,, and his official staff
on Wednesday evening, August 19 at
Golden Gate Hall.
The Department of Illinois will give a
reception at the Illinois headquarters,
Palace Hotel, Tuesday evening, Aug
ust 18.
W. F. R. Schlndler of Phoenix, assist
ant adjutant general, Department of Ari
zona, has come as the advance guard for
the Arizona contingent, and is arranging
the headquarters in Washington Hall,
Red Men's building, 320 Poet street, where
the department will keep open house all
week; Comrade Schindler will exhibit his
quilt, made of all the corps badges, and
the department will bring its famous
banner, hand-painted with an Apache
war scene. The Arizona delegation of
about twenty-five comrades will be head
ed by Department Commander George
W. Sanders and Past Department Com
manders P. P. Parker, Edward Schwartz
and General R. H. G. Minty.
The president of the Department of
Missouri, Woman's Relief Corps, with her
staff will receive on Tuesday evening,
August 18, at the Palace Hotel.
The Department of Ohio will hold a re
ception in honor of Sarah D. WInans,
Ohio's candidate for national president,
Tuesday evennlg, August 18, at the Pal
ace.
ARIZ01TANS ARBIVE.
lance Dairy Store, $10: Dean Lumber Com
pany, ?1O; Dundon'a Iron Works, S10. Total,
$=0.C38 25.
LADIES OF THE GRAND ARMY OF THE REPUBLIC WHO ARE PLAN
NINO TO ASSIST IN THE ENTERTAINMENT OF THE VETERANS
DURING THE APPROACHING ENCAMPMENT. .
Tom the Grand Army of the Republic
elative to the notification sent by Super
ntendert Martin of the Claus Spreckels
TWO Fefsions of the Executive
• "orrtnittee. Thirty-seventh Na
tional Encampment, were held
yesterday to discuss topics con-,
nected with suspension of work on
ih«» arch. At a late hour last night a
irrFsage was received by wire from John
D. Fpreekels. who is at Monterey. Consent
nm given in the .message for the use of
' tblea frtm the Claus Spreckels building
¦ i support a light canopy, such as was j
j^ u=;io::'3ed over the street during Presi- j
ui-r.t Itoose\-elt'» reception, j
fa' the event of the contractors being
compelled by the Board of Public Works
L'> remove the pedestals and all other ma
i< rial attaching to the present arch the
way v.ould still be open for providing high
lights for the coming veterans.
At the session of the Executive Commit
lee lu*t night the contractors submitted
a modified scheme of arch coi#,tructlon
ul.kh contemplates the spanning of Mar
ket street by two arches, each supported
f the pedestals now in position. The
pedestals, however, will be shifted from
'.hr'.r present asfolar position. The over
bead space between the two arches will
be coveted by a blanket of lights. Quite
; ¦¦• many liphts will be supplied as the
m ¦<¦¦<^."cations of the original design called
for. [1 is now up to the Board of Works
to £etenslae whether permission to con
rtruct Ibe sr>ar.« under the changed specl
fiCitlooi shall be granted. It is the judg
rr;<>r.: of engineers that the arches can be
constructed with as little danger as that
which applies to the ordinary construction
< i buildings In a city. The contractors
will undertake to complete the two arches
and install the lights in due time. It is
in* Impressloa that the bulky platform
and large colonnade thereon will be re
moved at once. It was reported at the
committee meeting last night that the {
privilege granted by Claus Spreckels and {
John D. Bpreckda does not allow a great- i
<r weight than four tons to be applied to K
the sustaining cables attached to the
< l.-rjs Spreckels building.
The Executive Committee will meet
f-Eain at II o'clock a. m. to-day.
Tbm Board of Public Works held a con
ference yesterday with the committee
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 8, 1903.
5
OCEAN TBAVBL.
eEtesmers leave Saa Fran-
cisco as follows:
For Ketchlkan. Juneau.
Skagway. etc.. Alaska — 11 a.
m., August 4. 9. 14. 19. 24.
29, Sept. 3. Chang* to com-
pany's steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver,
Port Townsend, Seattle, Ta.
coma. Everett. Whatcom— 11
a. m., August 4. 9, 14. 19. 24. 29. Sept. 3.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Sea.ttl* for Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona, 1:30
p. m., August 2, S. 14, 20, 26, Sept. 1; Corona,
1:30 p. m.. August 0. 11. 17. 23. 29. Sept. 4.
For Los Anceles (via Port Los Anireles and
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara—
Santa Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. m.
' State - of Cagfornla. Thursdays, 9 a. ra.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara, Santa Cnti, Mon-
terey, San Simeon, Cayucos. Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay, 9 a. m., August 5. 13, 21, 29,
Sept. 6. .- . •;
* Rarnona, 9 a. m., August 1, 0. 17. 25, Sept 2.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. Baa Joss del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pax, Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mm.). 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right la reserved to change »tearaem or sall-
lnc dates.
TICKET OFFICES — « New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C. D. DUN'ANN Genrral Passenger Agsnt
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O. /?- & iV. CO.
"Columbia" sails Aug. 1. 11. 21. 31. "G«onr«
W. Elder" sails July 27, Aug. 6, *», 28. Only
iteamship line to PORTLAND. OR., and short
rail line from Portland to all points East.
Through tickets to all points, all rail or steam-
ship and rail, at LOWEST RATES. Steamer
tickets include berth and meals. Steamer sails
foot of Spear st- at u a. m. Z. F. BOOTH.
Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept., 1 Montgomery st: C
CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt Krt Uept. 3 Montgom-
ery st.
ffamburg-Jlmerican.
FOR PLYMOUTH, CHERBOURG. HAMBURG.
Twin-Scriw Exprait tni Pasi*a$tr Bervijj.
Moltke .'.....Aug. 6 Pennsylvania. .Aug. 22
Waldersee Aug. 8 A. Victoria.... Aug. 27
P. Slgismund-.-Aug. 15 Patricia Aug 29
Bluecher Aug. 20 Moltke Sept. 3
HAMBURG-AMERICA W LINE. 37 B'wst. n. 7.
HERZOG & CO., 401 California st.. Cm. Agta.
Qttapies.8.eo.S£« ?
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Aug. 15. 11 a. m.
8. S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu, Aug. 15, 11 a.m
S. S. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney, Thursday, Aug. 27, 2 p. m.
4J.S?RtCXElSSBEOJ.Cl)..»fftj..TictatO!to i ei3Eiru:s
FfdSbtBfSn.S29 lartttSL.Pterla. 7.Puife!L
COHPAGNIS GENERALS TRANSATLANTIC 2
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -¦J».-£-
Sailing every Thursday, instead of «jQi CQZfa
Saturday.' at 10 a. m., from Pier 42. «iy*Trgi»7
North River." foot of Morton street .
Flrst-clasa to Havre. $70 and upward. 8«e-
cnd-class to Havre, $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AMD
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building),
New York. J. F. FUGAZI A CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 8 Montgomery avenu*. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Tlckst Aeents.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW TOBK -SOUTH AMPTON— LOXDOS.
Phlla Aug. 12. 1O amiNewTork.Aus.26.lO am
St. Louls.Aur. 19.10 amJFhllJ Sept. 2. 10 am
ATLANTIC TRANSPORT Life.
NEW TORX-LONDON DIRECT.
Menomlnee.Aug.S, 9 am[Mlnnefka.Auj.22, 5 am
Mesaba...Auf. 15.0 artlMinnep's.Aus.20. 10 am
Only First Class Passenger* Carried.
DOMINION LINE.
BOSTON— QUEEXSTOWN— LIVERPOOL.
New England — As;. efXew England... Sept. 3
Mayflower..... Aug. 13' Mayflower Ser.t. 10
Commonwealth. Aug 27'Columbus Sept. 17
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passage
Eouthwark Aug. SI Kensington . . . . Aujr. 23
Canada Aug. Si Dominion Sept. 5
Bctoa Mediterranean w™**
AZOBES— GIBRALTAR— NAPLES— GENOA.
Cambroman Sat.. Auk. 8. Sept. 19. Oct. 31
Vancouver Sat.. Aur. 20. Oct. 10- No vi 21
HOLLAND-AMERICA LINE. '
SEW YORK-ROTTERDAM, VIA BOULOGNE.
Sailing Wednesday at 10 a. in.
Statendam ....Aug. 12]Koordam Aug. 29
Ryndam Aug. 19i Rotterdam ....Sept. 2
RED STAR LINE.
'"K^ Yr»H«^— ANfWUnP- PART*.
Zeeland.'..Ang. 8, 10 amrVadTriAuj. 23.10 am
'' Finland. Aus. IS. 10 am Krocn'ld.Aa?.29, 10 am
WHITE STAR LINE.
NEW Y0RK-QUEENST0WN-L1VERP00L.
Sailing Wednesdays and Fridays.
Arabic... Aug. 7, 5 pmj MaJestlc.Aug. 19, norm
Germanic.Aug.l-. noonjCelttc Aug. SI, 4 pm
Cedric Aug. 14. 0 am! Victorian Aug. i5
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger Aurent. Pacific Coast.
21 Post at.. San Francisco.
TOYO KISJEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.>
Eteamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling- at - Kobe (Hlogo).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and conn«ctlng at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. Na
cargo received on board on day of tailing.
S. a AMERICA MARU
Wednesday. August 28, 1903
S S HONGKONG MARU (calling at Ma-
nila) ...Saturday. September 19, 19C3
S S NIPPON MARU
Thursday. October 15. 1903
t"*a Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage, ap&ly at Com-
rany's office. 421 Market street. corn«r First.
, W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
Star* Island and Valiajo Bt—mtm
Kteamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICEIXO—
8:45 »- m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday. 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves Vallejo.
7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. 8 p. m.. ex. Sunday, tun-
day. 7 a. m., 4:13 p. m. Far*. SO cants. T«L
Main 1608. . Pl«r 2. Mlsslon-st. dock. HATCH
BROS.
ieeeTcali
16 Pa£es. $1 per Year
ADVERTISEMENTC.
&OffffllAN
• KlN , O fALl-P OTTLEl >
K(NG" r , — B EER6r
¦J 3OLD EVERYWHERE. '
HIL.BERT MERCANTILE CO.,
Pacific Coast Agents.
TCUTLERy
EVERY WOMAN
, __^ is interested and should know
[as^l^^s. about the wonderful
;^S*^m\ HADUCI whirling
w^n\Pw\ ¦"»•¦• ¦¦•L spray-
tep SliurV'Hl ft 1 b « new Vajinal Syrinpe.
IWaoS A ' \A» x \ \! U Jnjection and Suction.
Vwl>S> Best— Safest— Most Con-
1^^ venient. ItCleansei
¦^^^gs^?*^^^^ Instantly
A«kyottfdnijtlJtforlt. \i, faBnP^^>^~
If hr rinn^t mpply the ''¦'%'/:¦'¦ (O .
MARVEL, accept no \, ' "gr?nyfo^
other, but send stamp for lllus- yh> Jf *W/'\/
tratedbock— settled. It fi»es full X% # M '
particulars an<1 riirerticn* Invaluable *-V' # ... fg
toladle-"- MAHVKL CO..
Room 203. Times Bgg.. Ntw York.
6CN0RRH03A AND URIKARY DISCHAKSBJ.
JsbbbbbHbbSSS V5si « BtI RVV i sss>3Zf^8sV
iKbbSv i w JHS3 ta sW^sv iSrr^w HQJrv^v
A CURE US 44 HOURS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
soap responds to water in-
stantly; washes and ririses
off in a twinkling. .
It is the finest toilet soap
in all the world.
Established over ioo years. )
WJim PARKER'S i
ilPl BALSAM 'i
4 Promotes the growth of the balr and ! '
I gives itthe lustre and sllMness of youth. \ \
I When the hair la gray or faded It 1
j! BRINGS BACK THE YOUTHFUL COLOR. !
] ; It prevents Dandruff and hair railing J >
j] and keeps the scalp dean and healthy. ','.
AD V lUJt.TISrTRTF.TrTS.
YOU NEED
BUT AIM INTRODUCTION
To our laundering to realize Its satisfying
•jualitics on your linens or shirt waist.
Phone South 420 afford* an easy, sure
and quick means of introduction, but Un-
cle •Samuel's mall is Just as certain In re-
BUlt, though pcfislbly not so rapid.
No esw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
orrzcE 1004 market stbeet,
Xw Powell.
B©H©ffGft©2©E®a0aeE@3©H®EGB3EeH©B&H©H0B0E0a0E9H3n9n0BQn3H0a0n0B0aen©a
. . . ,._.«.. .... . . m
KJ| uu , _ ¦ jji p. I mm J.LL i ¦ ¦¦ii.-uwn.. I. ..¦ i -a ¦ i..t~ - irmj sffl
A POLISH CUSTOM f
By KOWALSKI y g
Call Art Supplement, August 9, 1903 }'
"The "Wedding Party," by Kowalski, illustrates the Polish form of a £
custom which exists in almost every civilized and many semi-dvilized ©
countries. £
In the agricultural districts of Poland, where horses are most necea- 'A
sary to cover long distances over the broad steppes, it is most natural ¦
that the wedding procession should take the form of a "promenade en ?
voiture." It is such a scene, full of life and gayety, that is depicted In ©
the picture reproduced in the art supplement. Laughing faces, bright o
/ color and lively movement combine to give the scene a character of Joy- "
ousness and a "go" seldom found in pictorial representations. ¦
"The Wedding Party," which is at present exhibited at the Chicago 2
_ Art Institute, is the property of Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Bosenbaum of Chi- ©
cago, and is held in high favor. H
| Cut this description out of the paper and paste it on the back of the picture after it is framed. | •
This beautiful picture will be offered FREE, as usual, of course, ' §
$ with the next Sunday issue of THE 'CALL \ * 8
All Newsdealers Sell The Sunday Calls
And it would be well to place your order^arly, as the supply is limited. 8
THEY ARE FRAMING THE CALL ART SUPPLEMENTS |S
The Following Art Dealers Are Making a Specialty of Framing Call Art Supplements: __ ¦
SACRAMENTO— Hevener. MIer & ton Racket Store. HI East Main street; SAN DIEGO— W P Ful'er & Co n ¦
Co .615 J street; C. N. Davis, book Gage's axt store, 509 East Main street: F street. *Tii»er & Co.. n —
store 817 K street. f Weber's art store, 425 East Main street. ,,„„„' _ . _.. . m
PPTATlIMA-iL S Gutermute. J MARYSVILLE-G. W. Hall. FRESNO-Sronce & Dick. 3
M wvrkott uutermute, J. QAKLAND-E. J. Saake, 13 Tele- REDDING-W. H. Bergh. "Bersh •
a»vmap_r M r« n.... M T - n Graph avenue; A. A. Barlow, 269 Twelfth Furniture Company"; T. J. Houston. ¦
SAN JOSE-George Denne, M. Len- str eet. Houston Furniture Company. •
ren & Son. ALAMEDA— C. P. Magagnos. 1353 REDWOOD CITY— W L. Kline. B
STOCKTON— Morris Bros.' Book- Park street. • SANTA CRUZ— H E Irish Cooke S
store. 20 North Eldorado street; Stock- CHICO-Fetters & Williams. - Brosf. F. rT He wT Geofse HobknT Q
Bscia9H©tEQ20EOas>i2on:oaon©H©3C30HOBoaoaca®aonoa©BoaoHOE©aoaoneDOBononoflThe diplomatic Governors of Russia appear to be
distinctly of the sardonic school. While all the world
is growling at what it terms crafty and unscrupu
lous robbery perpetrated by Russia in Manchuria the
cunning bear leases from Korea a patch of land for
a purpose not very clear even in its announcement.
This looks like Japan's cue for another protest.
WHILE there is a good deal of interest felt in
the coming contest for the America's cup,
and while the opinion prevails that the two
competitors will be well matched and represent the
highest achievement in the art of constructing marine
racing michines, there is nevertheless evident a
growing discontent with the present method of com
peting for the cup. The argument is that the com
peting boats are not "yachts" in any rightful sense
and that their construction is of no benefit whatever
to genuine yachting.
The dissatisfaction is finding expression in the
press of the larger cities of the East, and notably in
that of New York. The Tribune after noting that
discontent with the "racing machines" is spreading
and is more notable this summer than ever before,
says: "The feeling is becoming pretty general among
yachtsmen, we think, not to speak of the larger pub
lic that possesses some nautical understanding and
experience, that a reversion to an earlier type ought
to be brought about"
The New York Times says: "The acquiescence of
the New York Yacht Club in what we may, with
undue deference to the current slang, to which no
deference whatever is really due, call the .'big single-*
sticker proposition,' is at the source, is the source, of
all our aquatic woes. The object of yacht races is,
theoretically, to improve the breed, of that noble
animal, the yacht. The result of these races of
twenty years, according to the testimony of all the
experts, is simply to degrade the breed of the animal
in question. It is, we understand, entirely admitted,
on both sides, that a vessel which has a fair chance,
under these new conditions, of winning or of losing
the America's cup cannot possibly fulfill the diction
ary definition of a 'yacht/ which is that of 'a vessel
built and sailed for pleasure.'"
Such expressions of dissatisfaction are so common
¦t.;:v . .
THE OUP YACHTS
Special Information supplied daily to
business nouses and public men by tna
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1M2. •
The people of the State are thoroughly aroused to
the necessity of leaving nothing undone in prepara
tion for our appearance at the St. Louis Exposition.
This is as it should be if for no other reason than
to show the world that man hunts and train wrecking
are not our only specialties. . '
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candies, 50c a pound. In artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st.. above Call bids. •
'^ . • -- , .
CAPITAL in California has been diverted from
mining to the development of our other val
uableresources to the abridgment of mining
development. The policy of the Government in pre
venting the use of our best water powers, which are
on those parts of streams that lie within forest or
park reservations, has also obsoleted many mines
which have no fuel accessible, but could be profitably
worked by electric power.
These causes combined, and their absence in other
mining States, have resulted in our being excelled,
from time to time, in our annual output of gold. But
when they are removed, and especially when the use
of the excluded water powers is permitted, California
may easily lead the gold States once more. But it is
interesting to note that in the East this is still treated
as the leader of the mining States. It is known there
that mining development in Montana, Utah and
Colorado is largely by the experience acquired in
California, and when men think of gold they think
of California with it.
Our commissioners to the St. Louis Exposition
have caused it to be announced that California will
prepare for that occasion a complete mining exhibit
that will be kept together as a permanent illustration
of our mineral resources and the methods of their
conversion. The Eastern press generally comments
upon this as intensely satisfactory to the whole coun
try, correctly assuming' that this State can be relied
on to pre-eminently illustrate all that need be known
in regard to precious metal mining and the produc
tion of the useful minerals. These expectations will
be justified, but what a vision is raised respecting the
opportunity of California at St. Louis! Millions will
go there expecting to see our mining exhibit and
regarding it as the foremost feature we. have to offer.
They will find that it excels the world, but they will
also find with it our agricultural, horticultural, forest,
stream and institutional exhibits equally pre-eminent,
and will declare with the Queen of Sheba that the
half had not been told.
Look out for 81 Fourth (front of barber.
grocer); best eyeglasses, specs. 13c to 50c. •
THE MINING STATE
Chief Wittman has received a letter
from Mrs. Rlna Johnson, Seattle, Wash.,
asking assistance in locating her son.
George Satter, 19 years of age. She said
her son came to this city from Fargo, N.
D., in November last, and he had written
to her regularly till April. Since that time
she has not heard from him.
Wants Her Son Located.
The precocity of her children has given to Oak
land, time without memory, the distinguished title
of the Athens of the Pacific, but who ever would
have suspected that an atmosphere of culture 'of
whatever sort would have led a girl of n years to
try her 'prentice hand at the fine art of burglary?
The fact, however, was recorded recently in a day's
doings on the eastern bay shore.
FLORENCE CRITTENTON MISSION—
M., City. The Florence Crlttenton Home
is an organization chartered by special
act of the United States Government for
the purpose of reaching 'and leading into
better lives unfortunate girls and women.
It consists of a chain of more than fifty
homes, located in different cities, as well
as one each In Japan and France, besides
numerous circles, the members of which
visit the haunts of sin and encourage the
girls to forsake the evil life. About 80 per
cent of those reached are permanently re
formed. The first home was opened at 21
Bleecker fctreet. New York City, eighteen
years ago by Mr. Crittenton, the founder
and president, and named for his little
daughter Florence. The headquarters of
the mission are at 21S Third street. N. "W..
Washington, E>. C. President. Charles N.
Crittenton, 21 Bleecker street. New York
City; general superintendent, Kate Waller
Barrett. M. D. ; secretary, Mrs. Emma L.
Robertson, Washington. D. C; treasurer,
F. B. Waterman, New York.
The shaft li down thirty feet, at which point
there Is a large ledge, with no walls In sight.
Within the last few feet the ore has shown
a white metal, which on belnsr tested by local
a«*ayers proved to be tin. Samples of the ore
have been sent to San Francisco for quantita
tive a.stay to determine whether the metal
Is present In sufficient quantity to pay. The
formation is similar to that in which the
great tin mines of Cornwall are situated, be
ing lime and granite.* associated with copper,
the granite preponderating.
According to the Bakersfleld Callfornlan
there is a great lack of material with
which to forward the operations of the
petroleum miners of Kern County:
Much work at the Kern Rlver^leld Is being
delayed. The Southwestern refinery has been
retarded. The etllls have been many months
late in arriving and are Just being put In.
The company has completed th* frame work
for Us asphaltum house \ and tho corrugated
Iron for covering It Is expected from San
Francisco within thirty days- It should have
been here two weeks ago. This hulMlner is
200x50 and stands by the railroad siding, be
ing separated from the rest of the refinery
buildings by a fireproof wall.
Tin Is reported to have been discovered
by the Enterprise Mining Cftmpany at
Lone Mountain, about four miles from
Barrel Springs, in the southern part of
this State. The Los Angeles Journal says
of the reported discovery:
DISCOVERING TIN".
A pair of horses hitched to a wagon
belonging to the Golden Gate Mineral
Water Works, which was in charge of
Frank Palllet, got away from his control
on Clara street yesterday and ran a'dis
tance of a block, when the rear axle
broke. The breaking of the axle stopped
the animals for the time being, but one
of them broke away from the hitching
pest and came near killing a child named
Roy Jacobson, aged 2 years, who was
playing on the street. Driver and child
were found to be free from bodily in
juries after their experience.
to be a mining county on the returns of
the County Assessor. These show that
there are 1261 gold mining claims, thirty
quicksilver deposits and forty-one copper
claims in the county. The agriculture of
the county is summed up in the statement
that there are but 500 acres of wheat In
the county, fifty acres of barley, fifty
acres of corn, ten acres of oats ana 13,000
acres of hay.
Runaway Causes Excitement.
AUTOMOBILE— J. C, Vallejo. Cal. The
fastest mile made with an automobile on
a straight away track was made Novem
ber 16. 1901. by Hy. Fouraier with a forty
horsepower gasoline machine over the
Ocean Parkway, Brooklyn, N. T.; time
51 4-5 seconds. The same man, with same
machine, made a mile on a circular track
October 10, 1901, on the Empire City track,
Yonkers. N. Y.; time 1:06 4-5. The world's
record for a mile on an elliptic track was
made June 20, 1303. at Indianapolis In
69 3-5 seconds.
WHEN the officers of the American squadron
were officially entertained in London mem
bers of the British Ministry talked freely
with them about the Monroe doctrine. They desired
that its extension be considered, so as to assert the
paramount right of the United States in this hemi
sphere to exercise control over the financial obli
gations and international responsibility of Latin-
America, and compel proper international conduct
without the necessity of intervention by Europe.
We can inMio respect undertake to guarantee the
Latin-American states beyond protecting the integ
rity of their soil and sovereignty. But inasmuch as
that makes war upon them futile as a remedial meas
ure some other way must be found to teach them the
icternati&nal manners of civilization. International
law does not recognize a peaceful blockade. A blockade
concerns the commercial rights of neutrals. No
neutral ship or cargo can be prevented entering a
seaport unless there has been a declaration of war.
This was recognized by the concerted powers in the
Venezuela blockade, and while that adventure forced
the adjustment by arbitration of the issues which
caused it it really settled nothing.
One recourse is left, which the United States should
hasten to recognize. Suppose that after arbitration
Venezuela refuse, as she may, the award and de
cline payment, a repetition of the blockade will be
futile. How can the award be enforced? There is
but one way and that is by occupation of her seaports
and administration of her custom-houses until the
amount is collected in duties. She will have one side
step left, which will be the repeal of her tariff, assum
ing to leave no duties to be collected. But as this
will be part of the offense of evasion the powers con
cerned will be warranted in ignoring it and enforcing
the imposts as they existed when the ports were oc
cupied.
A large number of those Latin-American govern
ments are vicious and predatory to a degree that for
feits any consideration that might be felt for honest
members of the family of nations. Their dishonesty
forbids that we in any respect become their guaran
tors. At the same time we bear before the world a
most painful responsibility if the Monroe doctrine
work to absolve them from all honorable observance
of international obligations. They must be made to
understand that this will not be permitted! To per
mit it makes us the protector of piracy.
Those countries need and continually invite the
investment of foreign capital. If the issues which
arise out of such investment are between individuals
governments are not concerned. But if a citizen of a
Latin-American state injure a foreign investor or
damage the person of a foreign national, and the ex
ecutive protect him in it, the act becomes the act of
the nation and it must respond. In default of a civ
ilized system of jurisprudence in many of those states
it is the f2rt that the courts are the creatures of the
President's will, and their denials of justice to for
eigners are almost invariably dictated by the execu
tive. Such acts cannot be overlooked by the civilized
nations.
Upon the whole we are inclined to think that one
or two examples' of the seizure of custom-houses and
collection of revenues to meet arbitral judgments
will bring those bandit governments to their senses
and make them understand that the Monroe doctrine
is not a skull and crossbones flag.
MORE MONROE DOCTRINE.
SECURING A PATENT — Engineer,
City. There is nothing to prevent you
from taking the steps to secure a patent
without the aid of an attorney, but if
your invention is a valuable one you may,
from lack of experience In such matters,
make a mistake that would cost you your
patent, for there are sharpers who are
constantly on the alert for mistakes of
that kind. They steal a man's invention
and have it patented. It is safest to en
gage the services of one posted in such
matters.
Mrs. J. H. Goodman, widow of a former
banker of Napa, died yesterday afternoon
at the Palace Hotel. Death was due to
paralysis, she having suffered a stroke a
months ago, since which her life had been
despaired of. Mrs. Goodman was widely
known in Northern California. She had
resided at the Palace with her son. James
G. Mudgett, for a number of years. Ar
rangements for the funeral have not yet
been made.
Well-Known Woman Succumbs to a
Stroke of Paralysis That Be
fell Her a Month Ago.
MRS. J. H. GOODMAN
DIES AT THE PALACE
COLUMBUS— J. C, Vallejo. CaL The
remains of Christopher Columbus were
taken from Italy in 1S36 to San Domingo
and In 1796 were transferred to the cathe
dral in Havana, where they reposed until
July 2. 1S97, when they -were taken from
that resting place, put aboard of an Ital
ian man of war and conveyed to Genoa,
the city of his birth, where they were
burled with ceremonial pomp.
MEETING ON THE STREET— J. I* M..
City. If a gentleman is walking with a
lady and they are passed by a lady who is
acquainted with the lady he ia escorting.
and that lady bows to his escort, he 13
bound. In etiquette of the street, to raise
his hat, no matter whether he knows her
or not.
CINDER PATH— Athlete. City. The new
cinder path In Golden Gate Park will be
built in that part where the speed track
Is. It la not known when work on the
track will be commenced, as that matter
is still beinff discussed by the Commis
sioners.
CORBETT AND FITZ— W. K-. Sacra
mento. Cal. The record of Corbett up to
January of this year does not show that
he and Fltzsimmons "met In a boxing
match In some Eastern city after their
battle In Carson City."
AN illustration of the extent to which the rush
of railway traffic with an inadequate supply of
rolling stock and an' insufficient roadbed has
endangered our railway transportation is afforded in
the recently published bulletin of the Interstate Com
merce Commission, giving the list of accidents and
fatalities for the months of January, February and
March of this year. It makes a' showing something
like the record of a war and demonstrates the neces
sity of the adoption of a much better system of safe
guards than is now in use on most of our roads.
By what is known as the "accident law" of March,
lOQi, railroads are required to make reports to the
commissidn of all accidents on their lines, together
with a statement of the losses, fatalities and injuries
that result. The reports show that during'the tlvree
months under review there were 1650 collisions and
1 181 derailments, making a total of 2831 accidents.
Of the. collisions 291 .and of the derailments 125
affected passenger trains. As a result of the acci
dents .300 persons were killed and 2843 injured. Acci
dents of other kinds, including those sustained by
employes while at work and by passengers in getting
on or off the cars, bring the total number of casual
ties up to 837 killed and 11,481 injured.
Some of the accidents could hardly have been
guarded against by the company. Such was notably
the case' of a collision of which the bulletin says:
"The visual signa-ls (automatic semaphore block sig
nals) with which the road is equipped for the preven
tion of collisions were in this case concededly ade
quate and in good working order, but the engineman
appears to have been oblivious to all signals for a
period of two or three or more minutes, and as the
train was running very fast this length of time suf
ficed for him to pass three or four warning red lights
and therefore to collide with a passenger train in
advance, causing a terrible wreck. * * * The
engineman was killed in the collision and no ex
planation of his conduct was forthcoming, but it ap
pears he was in good mental and physical health so
far as is known."
In another set of accidents there was gross care
lessness: The bulletin says of one case of that kind:
"The use of flags, torpedoes and fusees was depended
on to protect a train from reaf collision at a time
when, in consequence of a deep snow on the ground,
the use of the block system was demanded by con
siderations of more than ordinary gravity. Deep
snow with the walking of the flagman and
often interferes with the effectiveness of torpedoes;
and if the snow is blown about by the wind or dis
turbed by the moving train the engineman may have
his view of the flagman's flag or lantern obstructed."
Of course in a country with such an enormous
railway mileage as ours there will always be acci
dents, but it would seem that railway managers
might improve on the conditions that now prevail.
A total of nearly 3000 collisions and derailments
within three months is a little too high an accident
list even for a people who are so reckless in their
desire, for speed.
RAILROAD ACCIDENTS.
PINE NEEDLES— J. I* M., City. r\in.
needles for sofa pillows are simply 8un
dried to the extent of taking the moi3ture
out of them and then placed In the pil
low. If dried too much tthe needles lose
their fragrance.
SATURDAY AUGUST 8, 1903
JOHN D. SPRKKHj. Proprietor.
A (dress Ail Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Monog«r.
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
PUBLICATION OFFICE. . -MarUet and Tl»ir«. S. F.
CDrTOniAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Steven«on St.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week, 75 Cto.
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Terms by Mall. Including Postage (Cash With Order):
. DAILT CAJ-L (lnelu<!lsc Sunday), one year $8.00
DAILT CALL, flncludinr Bandar). « month* ¦••OO
DAILT CALL— By Elnrle Month.... *5o
SUXDAT CALL. One Tear '• 5O
WEEKLT CALL. One Tear ••• 1 - o °
f Dally... 9SJIO Per Tear Extra
.FOREIGN POSTAGE { Sunday- 4.15 Per Tear Extra
I Weekly.. l.OO Per Tear Extra.
All roitmaotcra are authorised to reeelre
¦ ub»crlptlon«.
Etmple ecples will be forwarded wbea requested.
Mail vebserlben In orderlnc chaore of address should be
{Articular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to lasure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
1118 Drondwar Telephone Main 1OS3
BERKELEY OFFICIS.
CMS Center Street Telephone North 77
C GEORGE KROGXESS. Hanacrer Forelum Adver
tl.lnc, Mnrquvttr IlulldlnKT, Chlcairo.
CVong Distance Telephone ¦•Central 2819.")
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
KOnTOX E. CRAAE 14OG G Street, W. W.
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 3O Tribune Balldlns
NEW TORK CORRESPOXCENT:
C C CABXTOX Herald Square
NEW TORK NEWS FTANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 81 Union Square:
Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue Hotel and HoSman House.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Monuromery. corner of Clay, open
ecUI 0:30 o'clock. SOO Hayes, open until 0:30 o'clock. 633
MeAllleter. open until 6:30 o'clock. CIS Larkln. open until
* SO o'clock. 1M1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open untU 9 o'clock. 10»« Va
lencia, cpen unti; » o'clock. lOfl Eleventh, cpen until 9
c>lock. NW. corner Twentr-eecond and Kentucky, open
until f> o'clock. 2200 Flllmore. open until 9 p. m.
BANK— G. H:, City. The report to the
Bank Commissioners shows that the bank
asked about and doing business ia this
city owns its premises. For further in
formation address the board of directors
of that bank.
The killing of negroes in the Southern States has
become practically a pastime. The. two unfortunate
men who were wantonly murdered in Tennessee a
few days ago were chased and run down to a horrible
death as if they were wild beasts. They had done no
harm; offended no law of civilization. And still we
boast of our heritage of twenty centuries of Christian
ideals.
NEWSPAPERS— J. C Vallejo, CaL
The newspaper publishers raised the price
for the same rea-son that merchants raise
the price of commodities, because the oc
casion demands th« raise.
The parties who are prospecting in the
vicinity of Indian Springs, Shasta County,
preliminary to dredging for gold have met
with difficulties which they did not fore
see: TiV.V;:'
They are prospecting with a drill and a few
days ago they struck a large quantity of
water, much to their surprise. This has re
tarded their work in a measure and will neces
sitate the installation of new and larger ma
chinery, which will be done immediately. An
order has been given for a powerful engine
which will be capable of handling all the
water they may have to contend with. Th«
presumption is that there Is a false bedrock
beneath the surface and that It Is the bedrock
which Is producing the water. There have
been -several similar Instances In the history
of the State and those . who have the ; work
In charge have not become In the least " dis
couraged. They will continue prospecting and
they have the belief that they will strike
gravel shortly below the false bedrock.
According to the Log Angeles Journal
there are fully 500 mining companies rep
resented in Los Angeles:
The new city directory of ¦ I>os Angeles
counts " 824 . mining companies. 'Probably only
those were enumerated which . maintain sepa
rate of flees, but there are many, with offices
with real estate agenta, lawyers and others,
which /were undoubtedly missed; Indeed, quite
a list of such could be given which are not
named In the directory. The full list Is prob
ably near 600. : During the last three years
there has been considerable of a boom In or
ganizing'mining companies and selling promo
tion stock on the quiet, and the promoters
have been getting a whole lot of experience.
. The Empire mine, at Gold Valley, Sierra
County, is to be reopened. | The Wlllough
by mine, near Gold Valley, will also be
worked. .
Trinity County ia making good Its claim
FIND TOO MUCH WATER.
The Lincoln mine, so says the Amador
Ledger, is about to be closed:
A meeting of the director* of this company
was held early In the week, at which It was
dctlnltely decided to close down. The work of
taking up the track is now In progress. This
may take a counle of weeks to finish, at the
enti of which time the property will revert to
idleness. The company have expended In the
neighborhood of $200,000 in prospecting. They
have searched it thoroughly and used good
judgment and economy in all the operations.
They do not feel justified In continuing th«
work. T. J. Clavering, representing the own
ers of the Lincoln, was present, also Mr. Stent,
a large stockholder, after whom the town of
Stent, In Tuolumne, was named. A proposi
tion was made to consolidate the L.i:iii"In and
Mahahoy properties and continue work. This
was favorably considered at first but finally
It waji deemed inadvisable to press it under
existing conditions.
The Union Democrat tells about rich re
turns from mining in the heart of the
town of Sonora, Tuolumne County, as fol
lows: x\ .¦'-¦'
As a result of a run of five days John Xeale's
placer claim, in the heart of this city, netted
a gold bar worth $'J0O. The first sink has been
bottomed and work will be resumed on adja
cent ground when a frame building has been
removed and water Is available lor use la
ground sluicing. It Is the general opinion
among old-timers that Mr. Neale. who haa ex
tracted much gold from the premises In the
past few years, has not yet encountered the
riohent streak of' gravel. This opinion is
shared by Mr. Neale. who expects a '49 clean
up when he uncovers the. old creek channel. .
The Tuolumne Independent reports the
following deals for mining properties in
Tuolumne County:
William Sharwood and Carroll McTarnahan
have entered into an agreement with William
Floyd to sell their two-thirds Interest In a
quartz mine south of and adjacent to the
Grizzly mine. George Collins of Carter* has sold
to Mrs. Annie Belle Smith all his half Interest
In the Annie Belle gold-mining claim on Mount
Eaton. William Hartman of Carters has sold
to Bias Kollch of Columbia a one-third interest
In the Old Home placer mine, near Yankee
Hill. John W. Barrett has deeded to Charles
F. Lukens a sixth Interest In the Belcher,
Daisy, John W., East and West ledge quartz
mines and the Belcher mill site, situated near
Carters. A. Jacoba haa sold to 'A. C. John
son of Carters a one-sixth Interest In th« El
Oro quartz mine, two miles south of Carters,
on Long Gulch Mountain. Lambert Van Laak
and Henry Otersen of San Francisco have
deeded to the Gladys Gold Mining and Milling
Company the Clare D., Jean G. and the Bride
quartz mines. F. J. H. Bush and G. R. Lancer
of San Francisco have deeded to the same com
nany the Fanny S.. Isabella and Lulu B. quartz
mines.
READY TO CLOSE.
This Is at the rate of fourteen million dollars
per annum and does not Include more than
twenty millions of gold which has been taken
out of Alaska and the Northwest Territory
during that live years and sent to other parts
of the nation.
STATISTICS FOB STATE.
Statistician Charles G. Yale of the State
Mining Bureau will have the annual re
turns concerning the mineral output of
California completed in the next fort
night. Many of the counties have their
statistics in. The showing may be af
fected by the labor troubles, that serious
ly interfered with the output of copper at
the mines of the Mountain Copper Com
pany at Keswick, where for months there
were difficulties. The greatest interest
may attach to the output of the oil mines.
It Is asserted by the secretary of the Cal
ifornia Petroleum Miners' Association
that the consumption of petroleum in Cal
ifornia will reach 20,000,000 barrels during
the year 1903. At this time the consump
tion of oil is running close to the produc
tion in certain sections; in others, where
the facilities for transportation are not
good, the tankage continues heavy. The
statistics to be sent out by the State Min
ing Bureau apply to the year 1102. There
is no question that the production of oil
during the present year will far surpass
that of 1902. - The figures about to be re
ceived will show more accurately than
any other returns Just what the output
was last year, and will dispel some theo
ries on that subject.
According to the Seattle Times the out
put of gold In Nome for the present year
promises to amount to $15,000,000. The as
say-office In Seattle, which has been es
tabHshed only five years, has handled
American and Canadian gold amounting
to $73,000,000 according to the same author
ity. Says the Times:
The poor favor with which the pesos
recently coined in this city and in Phila
delphia as the basis for the currency of the
Philippine i-.ands have been received by
the Filipinos will not, so say the officials
of the' United States Mint in this city, in
terfere with carrying out the full coinage
authorized by act of Congress. That act
calls for making pesos to the amount of
75,000,060. The mintage of these new pieces
in San Francisco to date amounts to $5,
900,000. In Philadelphia a very much less
quantity has been turned out from the
mint. An Important consideration to
mine owners In the United 'States la
whether the Government will continue to
buy silver bullion for the Filipino coins.
The purchase of such bullion, as contem
plated under the act of Congress, to pro
vide all the pesos that are needed involves
the expenditure of something like $30,000.
000. California is not largely concerned in
this marketing of silver, but "Colorado
and Utah have a large stake in it. h ;¦«>
If the surmises of the officials of the
Mint in San Franclsco v are accurate and
the mintage shall go on without inter
ruption, the sale of more than 120,000,000
of silver to be turned into pesos for the
use of the Filipinos is assured. The coins
are new to the Filipinos and therefore
are probably regarded with more or less
distrust. But they are intended to make
a" uniform basis for the transaction of
island business and so insure a greater
measure of stability than could be expect
ed where Spanish, Mexican and American
coins are in simultaneous use. It is sup
posed that the Filipinos will soon get
used to the new pesos and be pleased
eventually to have a uniform currency.
On one Bide of the coins are the American
flag and the eagle; on the other side is a
Filipino emblem. The effect of the Fili
pino side of the coin is' somewhat marred
by the mixture of Spanish and English
in the designation of value. Instead of "uno
peso" the coin is imprinted with "one
peso." As business in the islands increases
there will undoubtedly be a tlemattd for
more coins and the silver purchases will
be increased.
THEATERS— L. F. S.. City. The seat
ing capacity of San Francisco theaters
was published in this department July 9,
1303.
porter had exhausted all the political cross-examina
tion, the Senator volunteered the statement: "While
I was abroad I was much interested in European
farming. They are good farmers over there, but
when you come to compare their labor and prod
ucts — " There the words failed, but the reporter
adds: "The Senator shook his head, intimating that
nothing can compare with the American farmer."
We may therefor* safely conclude that if Gorman
gets into the fight he will try to catch the farmer
vote as an offset to the cowboy.
Of other issues he said: 'The negro question is not
political. It has got beyond that. It will have no
bearing on the next campaign in a strictly political
sense. It will not make the South more solid, for
the South is too solid now. As to trusts, every one
knows that they are unnatural and unhealthy. As to
regulating them, they seem to be regulating them
selves. They all have incorporated in them the
seeds of death. I understand that since I have been
away Wall street has been. turned upside down by
trying to handle them."
Returning to the subject of Democratic prospects
the Senator said: "Democracy must get back to old
ideas and abandon the false ones it has been follow
ing. In the coming campaign I will take my place
uS soldier in the Democratic ranks and fight as hard
as I can. I will not be the head of the Democratic
National Committee. If Cleveland be nominated I
will support him as I would any other candidate. I
have never quarreled with Cleveland; we have only
differed. I never have political quarrels, but some
times I have political disagreements."
That is the sum and substance of the various inter
views, and the public can draw its own conclusions
as to whether Gorman is a candidate for the Demo
cratic nomination. One other point is worth noting.
At the close of one of the interviews, when the re-
SENATOR GORMAN returned from Europe in
time to reach New York just as his Presidential
boom was being exploited in the press. As a
consequence he was met by a host of reporters and
called upon to define his position. It is scarcely nec
essary to say the Senator was evasive, for that is the
settled policy of all Democratic leaders at this time,
but nevertheless his methods of evasion were quite
different from those of his rivals and may be studied
with interest
Cleveland, Parker and the others when asked to
state whether or no they will be candidates decline
to be interviewed. Parker indeed said he has no
opinions on any political issue at this time and that
he cannot consent to be interviewed upon any point
whatever. Gorman is more adroit. He does not de
cline to be interviewed. On the contrary, he talks
easily and readily; he replies to every question put to
him; he makes no request that his words shall not be
printed; he offers no explanations. Talking thus
with freedom and seeming candor, it is not difficult
for any reporter to get a two column interview with
him, but when his utterances are read over the reader
perceives that after all the aStute Marylander has
really said nothing of importance nor even intimated
anything. In fact in his free and easy talking he has
been more non-committal than Judge Parker, who so
emphatically insists that he will not talk at all.
Summing up the statements as given in half a dozen
Eastern papers on theday after his arrival at, New
York, Gorman said that during his stay in Europe
he had heard little of American politics and had
given np though^ to the subject. He professed to be
ignorant even of the political situation in Maryland
and declared he could not say what course he would
take in regard to it. When told that the Democratic
politicians were awaiting his return to "fix up a
slate" he replied: "Well, I will soon be with them,
but I do not know anything about the matter now."
Concerning national politics he said: "I haven't
been considering any individual for the Democratic
nomination, and that includes myself. ; One can't tell
anything about it. The convention is almost a year
off. It is the party that must be considered, not men.
We seem to be getting away from a number of false
ideas that the party has been chasing around after in
the past few years. The issues of the campaign are
likely to be reformation' of the tariff, economy of
Federal administration and economy in public places.
It is by no means certain that the Postoffice scandal
will hurt the Republican party. The people may
forget all about it before the election. Moreover
the Republicans may make capital of it by pointing
out how they detected it and suppressed it. Neither
can we be certain about the issue of economy. The
people may not care about that either. There used
to be a howl when Congress appropriated large sums,
but that is past now. People don't think of it any
more. We can have a billion-dollar Congress these
days without hearing a word about it."
James L. Fraser. formerly superinten
dent of the coast division of the Southern
Pacific Company and at present general
superintendent of the Toledo, St. Louis
and Western Railroad, with headquarters
at -Frankfort. Indiana, accompanied by
his wife, is paying a visit to this city and
is registered at the Palace.
Among the recent arrivals at the Palace
te G. I. Shekury. managing director of the
company which controls the Central Ho
tel of Shanghai. He has come to this
country for the purpose of inspecting the
modern hotels, with a view of remodeling
the establishment which he represents.
Ltoyd F. Weaver, manager of the local
and Oriental agencies of Studebaker &
Bros., left yesterday on the Siberia for
a three months" trip in the Orient. He
was accompanied by his wife.
W. H. Bancroft, general manager of th»
Oregon Short Line, arrived from Southern
California yesterday and is registered at
the Palace. He is on his way to hl^home
in Salt Lake City.
W. E. Bemis, manager of the Standard
Oil Company In New York, and wife are
at the Palace, having returned on the last
steamer from India, where they attended
the Durbar.
I. W. Hellman, 'president of the Nevada
National Bank, returned yesterday from
a month's stay at his summer home at
Lake Tahoe.
J. M. Israel of the Union Trust Com
pany, who has been spending his vacation
In Mendocino and Lake counties, re
turned home yesterday.
Mrs. Lizzie C. Dean of 74 Fifth avenue,
has returned from a visit to Mrs. William
Rowland of Healdsburg.
Philip S. Teller of .the firm of Norton,
Teller & Roden will leave to-day for a
four months' vacation in Europe.
Dr. R. B. Miller and wife and Dr. W. B.
Shallenberger of Chicago are guests at
the Ocidental.
F. M. Clough, a lawyer of Chico, Is at
the Palace.
Dr. W. L.. Bennett of Baltimore Is at
the Palace.
Victor Woods, Surveyor General of the
State, is a guest at the I>ick.
M. H. Sherman, railroad magnate of
Los Angeles, is at the Palace.
Frank Buck, the well-known fruit man
cf Vacaville, and family are at the Palace.
Alfred F. White, manager of the Bank
ing Law Journal of New York, is at the
Palace.
MINTS WILL
REQUIRE MUCH
MORE SILVER
PERSONAL MENTION.
SOME ANSWERS
TO QUERIES BY
CALL READERS
and come from such high sources that it is not likely
they will be overlooked by those who have the au
thority to fix the terms under which the cup is to be
competed for in future. Consequently we may see
this year the last of the racing machine matches. As
the Times puts it: "The reaf conclusion appears^o be
that if the New York .Yacht Club should see its way
to revert to the original scheme of racing schooners
only for the America's cup it would confer an im
mense benefit and advantage upon the 'Anglo-
Saxon' 'yachting' world"
GORMAN'S VIEWS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 8, 1903.
Former Lieutenant Governor Lee of Missouri
wept on the witness stand the other day as he told
of the dishonesty which ruled the State while he was
in office and in which he was besmirched. It is
strange to what expedients some men will resort to
make others laugh.
A Berkeley, professor of- an investigating turn of
mind recently discovered in a deep - shaft hidden
within a Shasta County cave the skeleton of a woman
who had probably been thrown down the shaft over
one ; hundred years ago. Even with this evidence of
the antiquity of our people and the extremely ad
vanced state of our customs our Eastern rivals may
still insist that we are of mushroom growth and yet
in our callow youth.
Shafts of ice ten inches long fell recently in thun
derous storm in Colorado. This ought to suggest a
splendid opportunity for a missionary field for the
Promotion Committee of California. While one
man's gain is not necessarily another's loss in
economics there is nothing to indicate that one man's
loss may not be another's gain in climate.
6
\ SUNDAY CALL'S
• \ \ Watch for the full page of clever half-hour
\ \ storiettes.
«:si\«#\Under the Copper Moon
By "Col." Kate^ ' \ By Charles Sloan Beid.
r u, ~r^r ,\ X - H0W thC RaCC WaS W0!1 -
FableS te« FOOllSh \ VC^>P \ By Crittenden Marriott.
By Nicholas Nemo. \ S^ V \ \ ..
V wv\. \ D °n's Happy Ness Nye
The Oracle of MnlA \^ \ By otho b. senga.
berry Center \ \ A village Pincushion
By S. E. Kiser. \ >S > \ By g^^ Lindsay Coleman.
The Etiquette of the\ 0$ \ ZT
visitor Y\A The
By Mad^e Moore. \ \ .-¦¦/•
And the most exdting Installment yet pub-\ Ar£ \ I I D S I D 1
Ushed of that merry lampoon of America'»\ V^ \ '
Nouveaux Riches, \ \
\ \ Edwin
...The Spenders... \ *A L ''""
By Harry Leon Wilson. \ v 1 \
merem Uncle Peter Bines sacrifices $ 12,000,000 to teach \ \
his nephew not to be a fashionable sosh. , \ \
EXCITING RCTIOnXI
COLLIER WHICH ARRIVED
THURSDAY WITH A CARGO
FROM NEWCASTLE.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
chants' Exchange, S,an Francisco, Cal., Au
gust 7, 1903.
The time ball on the Ferry building was
dropped exactly at noon to-day. 1. e.. at noon
of the 120lh meridian, or at 8 p. m. Greenwich
time. j. c. BURNETT,
Lieutenant. U. S. N., in Charge.
Steamer. From. j Due.
O. Dollar San Pedro Aug. 8
MariroM Tahiti Aug. 8
Montara Seattle Aug. 3
felineola 1 Tacoma Aug. n
Del Norte I Crescent City Aug. 8
Rival ! 'Willapa Harbor Aug. 8
J. Do'Iar [Seattle & Tacoma lAug. is
Columbia ; Portland & Victoria. ..'Aug. 8
Olympic Whatcom & Falrha\ - en Aug. 8
Newburg Grays Harbor Aug. 0
Wysfield Nanalmo Aug. 0
rv-rr-via Humboldt Aug. • U
St. Paul Nome via Seattle Aug. 10
G. Lindauer. . Grays Harbor Aug. 10
Ceiiiniiia San Pedro Aug. 10
Nebraskan.. .. Honolulu & Kahulul. ..I Aug. 10
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Aug. 10
Coos Bay Newport & Way Ports. Aug. 10
Queen Pugrt Sound Ports iAug. 10
Kureka Humboldt I [Aug. 10
Czarina Coos liay IAug. 11
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford|Aug. 11
Alarr.eda Honolulu IAug. 11
S. Monica Grays Harbor Aug. 12
Argo Eel River Ports Aug. 12
Pomona Humboldt Aug. 12
S. Barbara... Seattle & Olympia |Au«. 12
City Pauama. New York via Panama. |Aug. 12
Eanta Kosa. . . San Diego & Way PortslAug. 13
G. W. Elder. . Portland & Astoria IAug. 13
/*fc n !l ,.. China & Japan Aug 15
Centennial Seattle & Tacoma Aug. 14
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena Aug. 14
San Pedro... Grays Harbor IAug. 14
Ramona Pan Pedro & Way Pts.lAug 14
Claverinr China & Japan Aug. 15
City Puebla..; Puget Sound Ports Aug 15
Alliance Portland & Way Ports Aug 15
N.>-th Fork. . . Humboldt Aug. 16
£ ' e rni Sydney & Way Ports.. Aug. 17
Amer. Maru. China & Japan Auk IS
Slleala Seattle Aug 18
TO SAIL.
Steamer. | Destination. Sails. Pier.
j Almost 8.
C. Nelson... Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
laqua Humboldt 0 amlFler 2
G. Dollar... Portland Direct 4 pmlPler 2
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p] Pier U
Curacao Mexican Ports 10 am Pier 19
¦Argo Etl River Ports.... 4 pm Pier 2
Siberia..... china & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
City of Para jj. y. via Panama. 13 m Pier 40
' , AuRuat V.
Phoenix Menclno City direct 1 pm Pier 13
S. Rosa San Diego & Way.. «J am Pier 1U
Ramona.... g an pedro & Way. 0 am Pier 19
Rainier Seattle &. Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
t'matilla puget Sound Porte. 11 am Pier 9
. Ansrust 1O.
*,evaaan....ji IonIu i u & Kahului 3 pm Pier 16
Centralia... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Pt. Arena.. p o mt Arena 4 pm Pier 2
North Pork. Humboldt S pm Pier 2
AURUXl 11.
Arctic lo 8 Angeles Ports. 1 pm Pier 10
Corona. Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier 9
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 2i
- ¦' .> AiiK-unt 12.
Eureka... . Humboldt | 0 amlPler 13
S.Monica... j^g Angeee Ports.. 12 mlPier 2
S. Barbara, j^,, Ange ies Ports. 12 mfPier 2
Rival Willapa Harbor 4 pm Pier :;
J. Dollar.... Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier i
Aiiffnat 13.
Newburg. . .' Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
State of Cal. San Diego & Way. U am Pier lu
Coos Bay... Newport & Way.. « pm Pier 18
' Olympic... Whatcom & Fairhn 4 pm Pier 2
AoKOit 14.
G. Lindauer. Grays Harbor .. j 4 pm Pier 2
Arcata Coos B.& Pt.Orio'.i 2 pm Pier 13
Queen Puget Sound IVrrts 11 am Pier tf
Ansrust 15.
San Jose... N Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Marlposa... Tahiti direct 11 am Pier 7
Alameda... Honolulu ...11 am Pier 7
St Paul Nome & St Michael)
Aiiu'iim* 16. I
O. W. Elder Astoria & Portland|ll am Pier 24
Auca»t 17. I I
San Pedro.. Humboldt .110 am Pier 2
AllKMMt 18.
Coptic...'... China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Nebraakan. . Honlulu & KahululJ 3 pm Pier 10
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. Sails.
City Seattle. . . Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. 1)
Kara.llcn Skayway & Way Ports Aug. 11
Humbodlt.... Skagway & Way Ports Aug. 12
City Topeka.. Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. 14
Al-Kl Skagway & Way Ports Aug. 15
Cottage City. . Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. 15
Oregon Nome... Aug. 16
Santa Ana.... Coiks Inlet & Way Puj. Aug. 10
Dirigo Skagway & Way Ports Aug. 20
Nome City... Cooks lnjet & Way Pts Aug. 25
This week's News Letter contains among
much other interesting matter an account of
the status of the College of Physicians and
Surgeons. . It appears as If this will be the
beginning of a series of articles upon this In
stitution. The wrttei-'B name is not given, but
he slings a ylgortus' pen. There is a curious
and original sketch of delirium fancies which
will appeal to all those who are fond of outre
and horrifying narratives. Moves and Counter
moves provide the political reader with Infor
mation crisp and new and right from the most
authoritative and Influential quarters, while In
the column on Frills and Furbelows the fash
ionably Inclined will find all that they need to
know on current modes. The Town Crier la
still at work, and the stories by Looker On
are new and interestin?. ..' •
Archbishop to Lecture.
Archbishop Montgomery will deliver a
lecture for the benefit of the building
fund of St. Paul's new church Wednesday
evening, August 12, In St. Paul's Hall,
Twenty-ninth and Church streets. The
subject chosen for the lecture- 13 the
'jKatural and Supernatural." Tickets and
reserved seats may tie secured at the res
idence of the clergy of St. Paul's Church,
312 Twenty-ninth street.
Park Commissioners Meet.
The Park .Commissioners met yesterday
afternoon and acted upon a large number
of communications which have been re
ceived during the past few weeks. Mrs
John H. Millzner of 1117 Scott street sent
a large number of rare minerals and the
secretary was notified to thank her for
the contribution. The City and County
Attorney notified the board that no con
tracts could be entered into without the
consent of four Commissioners. A com
mittee, composed of R. H. Fitzgerald. W.
H. Bogert and A. C. Campbell from the
Ocean Boulevard Improvement' Club, ap
peared before the board and asked that
merchandise might- be hauled over the
eouth driv*. The reauest was denied.
SAILED.
Friday. August 7.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Crur.
Stmr Whlusboro, Olsen, Greenwood.
Stmr Despatch, Levlnson, Portland. I
Stmr Uualala, Johnson, Bourns Landing.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, Eureka.
Stmr Alaskan. Nichols, New York, via Pu
gct Sound and Honolulu.
Stmr N'oyo, Ellefsen. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Nelson, Coos Bay.
Tug Sea Kover. Thompson, Bodega Head,
with barge in tow. > -
Hark Prussia, Jensen, Port Blakeley.
Barge Santa Paula, Pille, Ventura.
Schr John A, Olsen, Astoria.
Schr Newark. Relnertsen, Stewarts Point.
SPOKEN.
June 7, lat 52 8, Ion 64 W, Br ship Bala
sore, from Antwerp, for San Francisco
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOUOS, Aug 7, 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind SW, velocity II miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
8AN DIEGO — Arrived Aug 7— Schr Bertha
Dolbeer, from Eureka.
PORT BLAKELEY — Arrived Aug 6 Schr
Frank W Howe, hence July 17.
KEDONDO— Arrived Aug 7— Stmr Centralla,
from San Pedro.
Sailed Aug 7 — Stmr Aberdeen, for San Pedro
VENTURA— Arrived Aue 7— Stmr.Mandalay,
from CreBCent City.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed Aug 0— Stmr Coos
Bay, for Ban 1'edro.
TATOOfc'H — Passed out Aug 7 — Chil'bark
Curzon, from Port Townsend, for Callao
GRAYS HAKBOR- Sailed AUg 6~ Schr Liz
zie Vance and stmr Newburg, for San Fran
cisco.
WESTPOHT— Arrived Auj 7— Stmr West
port, hence Aug 5.
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed Aug 7— Stmr
Cooa Bay, for San Pedro; etmr State of Cali
fornia, for San Diego.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Aug 7 Br bar*
Melanope. hence July 17.
EUREKA — Arrived Aug 7 — Stmr San Pedro,
hence Auir 5; sehr Fortuna. hence July 30..
' Sailed Amu 1 — Stmr San Pedro, for San
Francisco; stmr Alliance, for Coos Bay •
ASTORIA— Sailed Aug 7— Schr Advent, for
San Francisco.
PORT GAM BLK— Arrived Aug 7— Schr Alo
ha, hence July 25. • ¦
SEATTLE — Sailed Aug 7 — Stmr Queen, for
San Francisco; stmr Meteor, for Nome
ALBION— Sailed Aug 7— Stmr Celia. for San
Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed Aug 6— Br
bark Duns Law. for Portland.
CASPAR— Sailed Aug 7— Stmr South Coast,
for San Francisco.
MARSHFIELD— Arrived Aug 7— Stmr Sig
nal, hence Aug 4.
ISLAND PORT.
HONOLULU— Arrived Aug 6— Stmr Rosa
crans, hence July 28; Jap otmr Nippon Maru,
hence July 31. Aug 7 — Bark Marlon Chilcott
from Alcatraz Landing.
Sailed Aug &— Schr Mary E Foster, for Port
Townsend; Br stmr Claverlng. for San Fran
cisco. ;
Arrived Aug 7 — Bark Alden Beese. hence
July 10; Ital ship Herat, from Newcastle, Aus.
FOREIGN PORTS.
CALLAO— Sailed Aug &— Ger stmr Luxor,
for San Francisco.
SYDNEY— Arrived prior to Aug 7— Stmr So
noma, hence July 10.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
SCILLY— Passed Aug 7— Stmr Rotterdam
Trom New York, for Boulogne and Rotterdam;
stmr Friedorlch der Groase, from New York
for Plymouth. Cherbourg and Bremen.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Aug 7— Stmr Cevlc,
from New ' York. .
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed August 7— Stmr
Blucher, for New York, via Cherbourg.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aug 7— Stmr Prince-
SIgmund, from Hamburg.
Sailed Aug 7— Stmr Arabia, for Queenstown
and Liverpool. .
Friday. August 7.
Etmr Despatch, Levinson, Portland; . Cal &
Oregon SS Co.
Stmr Pomona, Swanson, Eureka; Pacific
Coast Steamship Co.'
Stmr Kanta Rosa, Alexander, San Diego; Pa
ctflc Coast Steamship Co. •
CLEARED
Friday, August 7.
Stmr Point Arena. Miller. 18 hours from
Needle Rock, via Point Arena 11 hours.
Slmr Sunta Cruz, Glelow, S hours from Moss
Landing.
Stmr Phoenix, Odland, 17 hours from Men
docino.
Stmr Navarre, Weber, 30 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Coronado, Peterson, 42 hours from San
Pedro. . . . ¦
Stmr North Fork, Nelson, 26 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. 24 hours from Moss
Landing and way ports.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In tho order of cccurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide or the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
stgn precedes the heights, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
The National Association of Butter
makers of America may hold its 1905 con
vention in this city. The California Pro
motion Committee, assisted by a number
of the most prominent butter-makers and
dairymen of the State, has been working
for some time to have the butter-makers
meet here and in all probability they will
be successful in their efforts.
The association will convene In Sioux
City this year and in St. Louis next year.
A short time ago W. F. Jenses of To
peka, Kans., visited this State, and after
studying the climate and conditions, made
a most favorable report to the members
of the association in the East. They are
all anxious to see California and In all
probability they will be glad of a chance
to assemble here in 1905.
BUTTER-MAKERS MAY
MEET tIN THIS CITY
California" Promotion Committee and
Dairymen Want Convention of
1905 Held Here. ;
Moon rises 0:00 p. m.
O Time Time |Ttme Time
* Ft Ft. Ft. Ft
? L W H W L, W H W
~8 5:24 12:37 4.9 5:27 2.7 11:32 8.2
9 5:55 0.1 1:04 4.9 6:05 2.5
H W • L. W H W L. NV
10 0:10 5.0 6:25 0.4 1:30 K.O 6:45 2.3
11 0:51 4.7 7:00 0.7 1:55 5.0 7:29 2.1
12 1:35 4.5 7:35 1.1 2:22 5.0 8:10 l.a
13 2:22 4.3 S:14 1.5 2:54 0.1| 0:07 1.6
14 3:20| 4.1 8:57 1.0| 3:30| 6.2|10:10 1.3
Since then others prominent in working
for the welfare of California, like the
Sacramento Valley Development Associa,
tion. have taken up the fight for the for
ests. On the other hand, opposition has
been offered to the forest reserve exten
sion by the timber magnates, who are
accumulating vast areas of California
timber lands, from which they propose
to cut off the trees, leaving the mountain
sides bare. In various ways a strong op
position has been worked up against for
est, reserves in this State.
'Officers of the California Water and
Forest Association say that there is evi
dently a large amount of misunderstand
ing in certain counties relative to the
facts. It has therefore been determined
to get out literature, to be mailed to at
least 10,000 individuals In certain locali
ties, who are interested as property own
ers In the welfare of California and who
will be directly affected by the denudation
of the Slerran slopes. A pamphlet is now
In preparation which will be sent out in
about a fortnight and which will contain
much information and will present a
strong argument in behalf of protecting
the California forests from extinction.
The California "Water and Forest Asso
ciation is about to start upon a cam
paign of education in the counties where
a strong movement has been put on foot
to oppose the national Governmental pol
icy of the extension and permanent main
tenance of forest reserves in California.
The national administration was moved
in the direction of extending In. this
State, at least temporarily, the boundaries
of the forest reservations by information
received from California. The primary
Impulse to the movement for the preser
vation of the forests standing upon the
western slopes of the Sierra was given by
the Water and Forest Association in con
vention.
Ready to Vigorously Combat
Denuders of Slopes
of Sierra.
State Water and Forest
:. Association Will
Educate.
AGAIN RALLYIHG
TO SAVE TREES
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height of
tide is the same at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent
Sun, Moon and Tide.
SATURDAY. AUGUST 8.
Time Ball.
Branch Hrdrogrsphic Office. U. S. N.. Mer-
The temporary chapel of the Hamilton •
Methodist Episcopal Church, at Waller !
and Belvedere etreets. will be dedicated I
on Sunday morning at 10:30 o'clock by •
tfce Right Rev. John W. Hamilton, Rest
dent Bishop of the Methodist Episcopal ,
Diocese- of California. Regular services
will be held in this chapel for some time j
tlfl the' new church, now being con- '
utructed, is finished.
Rev. Charles OEborne Oxnam is the •
pastor of the church and he has been !
faithfully laboring in behalf of his Hock
• for the last year, till now he has raised a '¦
sufficient amount to build a splendid new i
edifice The money was raised by volun- i
tary subscription, the amounts subscibed
. ranging all the way from $1 to $1000. Al- j
ready a fine Sunday-school class has been (
< stabllshed, also 6everal missionary so- •
cictles in charge of several well-known i
ladies of the church. The following are
the services arranged for Sunday:
10:30 a. m. — Service, with sermon by the
!:.L-:.t Rev. John W. Hamilton.
2:S0 p. tn. — t-'peclal young people's service.
Mr. Charles H. J. Truman presiding; addresses •
» y the I31*hop and Dr. E. R. Dllle. pastor of
the Fir*t Methodist Episcopal Church. Oaklan<l<-1
(« p. m. — Service, with sermon by Pr. W. W. j
'¦ai-», presiding eider of San Francisco. The
Itev. C O. Oxnam. the pastor, will be present
«>t all these eervices.
Tunporajy Chapel at Waller and Bel
vedere Street* Will Be Scene
of Ceremony.
BISHOP HAMILTON TO
DEDICATE NEW CHURCH I
To Eamosn Islands — 06 bbls flour, 1542 lbs
bread, 68 cs 13 pkgs salmon. 5300 lbs rice, 109
cs canned goods, 10 pkgs fresh fruits, 7777 Pkgs
naval equipment stores and lumber, 144 'pkgs
groceries and provisions, 212 sals. 3 cs r/ine,
150 lbs tobacco. 3 pkgs beer, 41 pkgs potatoes
and onions, 63 pkgs bridge material, 5 pkgs
drugs. 18 cs boots and shoes. 3 pkgs bicycles.
1550 ft lumber. 1 pkg dry goods, 15 cs coal
oil, 6 bxa soap.
To New Zealand— 61.089 lbs 2 cs dried fruit.
33.420 lbs rolled oats. 1300 lbs codfish. 245 cs
salmon. 400 lbs chocolate, 11,164 lbs raisins,
432 lbs bread. 89 pkgs groceries and provisions,
444 cs canned goods, 415 crts onions, 30M lbs
coffee, 50 cs whisky. 10 cs candy, 12 bales can
vas. 87 pkgs machinery, 101 pkgs bicycles and
parts. 20 cs fuse, 105 pkgs drugs, 6 cs leather,
09 pkfis paper. 7 ska bark. 16 pkgs sewing ma
chines, 150 ca boots and shoes, 5 bales over
alls.
To Australia— 22,457 lbs hops, 12.000 lbs
codfleh. 200 cs canned asparagus, 36,375 lbs
coffee, 12 cs salmon. 1875 lbe dried fruit, 1301
pkgs fresh fruit, 5 c» candy. 7200 lbs meal. B8
pkgs machinery. 4 ca firearms. 17 pkgs sewing
machines, C:i pkgs paper, 3420 lbs lnbrlcatlng
crease, 24 cs-' boots and shoes. 110 kcgsncld,
6 bales overalls. 49 pkgs leather. G4 pkgs agri
cultural Implements. 6 bales rubber hose. »9 cs
typewriters, 139 pkgs bicycles and sundries,
567j>os lumber.
To Fiji Islands — 20 crts onions, 51 cs canned
salmon, 99 pkgs groceries and provisions.
To Honolulu— 380 bbls flour. 1305 pkgs fresh
fruit. SSS pkgs potatoes, 103 pkgs fresh vege
tables, 131 pkgs onions, 10 pkgs oysters. 23.074
lbs fresh meat. 1422 lbs 2 pkgs fresh fish. 1225
lbs poultry. 143 pkgs groceries and provisioni",
1000 lbs sugar. 32U lbs raisins, 1450 lbs salt,
2525 lbs glucose, 1053 lbs beans, 382 pkgs beer.
302 pkgs tobacco, 67 cs cigars and cigarettes,
812 cs assorted canned goods, &36O lbs butter,
ls«a lbs cheese, 4490 lbs candy, 6100 lbs lard.
260 cs mineral water. 25 cs whisky, 20 cs
wine. 1620 lbs nuts, 670 lbs 1 c« meals, 1400
lbs dried fish. 25 cs eggs. 150 lbs hops. 2043
lbs 2 cs bread, 12S cs boots and ehoea. 140 pkgs
dry goods, 12 cs hat*. 61 pkgs drugs. 7 y k B a
inillwork. 15 kegs nails. 8 pkgs machinery. 131
pkgs marble, 57 pkgs electrical supplies. 00
bbls fire clay, 10 bbls a«phaltum, 14 cs arms
and ammunition. 2!) pkgs pAintn. 84 pes Rteel,
14 pkgs sewing machines. 21 bxs soap, 4 pkgs
windmill. 34 pkgs furniture, f>8 pkgs iron. 4
r-kes leather. 25 pkgs bicycle*. 74 colls cordage,
89 pkgs psp«r, 14 pkgs machinery." 300 kegs
white lead. 1868 lbe zinc. 10 pkgs saddlery and
harness.
The steamer Ventura sailed on Thursday for
Sydney via Honolulu, Pago Pago and Auckland
with an assorted merchandise cargo, valued
at J240.410 and distributed as follows: For
Honolulu. $113,223; Samoan Islands, $11,383;
New Zealand, $49,647; Australia. $03,642; Fiji
Islands. $509. The principal exports were as
follows :
The Ventura's Cargo.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The French bark Grande Duchesse Olga (at
Portland) was chartered prior to arrival for
wheat from that port to Europe at 23s 9d.
with option of CajJ« Town, -Us 3d. or other
South African ports, 28a 6d.
The echrjoner W. H. Talbot (at Hastings
Mills) !¦ chartered for lumber thence b* Syd
ney at 338, with option of fcihanghal, 40e;
schooner Inca (at Nome), same business, from
Puget Sound to Sydney, .13s »d, with option
of Port Pirie, SSs 04. or Melbourne or Adelaide,
40s — chartered prior to arri\*al.
The brig Galilee loads general cargo here fcr
Apia, Samoa.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Arrives at Honolulu.
The Marion Chllcott arrived yesterday at
Honolulu, from Alcatraz Landing, with a
cargo of oil. f
The tug: Sea Kover left yesterday with a
wrecking barge for Bodega Head, where the
wreck of the steam schooner Albion River still
lies.
To "Wreck the Albion River.
Achilles Resumes Voyage.
Ttee British steamship Achilles, bound from
Tacoma, for London, previously reported in
trouble, h&» l>oen repaired and yesterday sailed
from Suer.
The Norwegian steamship Tellus, familiar
here as a coasting: collier, arrived on Thursday
nipht, 34 days from Newcastle. Australia, with
3187 tons of coal. The Tellus encountered
some heavy weather on the -way across.
Tellus From Australia.
the last occasion in 1S33. since which time ;
he has been winning fame in Philadel
phia as conductor of the local symphony
or.chestra. Those who know are now com
paring the Scheel orchestra with the fa- !
mous one of Boston, and the San Fran- !
olsco society must be considered very
fortunate In again obtaining the services
of Herr Scheel. He will return to Phila
delphia in time for their symphony sea
son, during which Richard Strauss will
be heard as conductor— sharing Herr
SeteeTa desk at five concerts. This per
mits the conductor to remain here until
late October. Nine or ten concerts will
h<> given. I
Tht> first concert of the season will take ;
place next FYiday afternoon at the Grand I
Opera-house, at 3:15 sharp. The pro- i
gnurme will include the Schumann tym- !
phony No. 2. a new suite by Tschaikow- \
sky, and a Goldmark overture. Mr. Scheel >
will have an orchestra of eeventy at his j
command, and rehearsals will begin on !
Tuesday next. Tickets for the concerts j
car. be obtained at Sherman & Clay's !
music store, application for membership |
in the San Francisco Symphony Society '
to be made to Bhafter Howard, room SI, !
Crocker building. " ;
The distinguished conductor is looking
extremely well, and expressed himself as
highly delighted to be again in his "sec
ond home," San Francisco, that he has
v:s;ted and lived in no fewer than five
times sir.ee h!s coming here during th^
Midwinter Fa!r in *&4. He left here on
. Herr Fritz Scheel, the famous conduc
icr. who has been engaged by the San
Francisco Symphony Society to direct a
series of symphony concerts, arrived
in this city Thursday afternoon. Herr
Echeel is accompanied by his daughter,
who wi'.l remain here with him during
the £<-'scn.
C0NDUCTOB SCHEEL
ABEIVES IN CITY
Famous Musician Comes to IHrect
Series cf Concerts for Sym
phony Society.
ginning to shake. She is now out
155 days from Sourabaya for Delaware
Breakwater. Although she has been con
sidered overdue for a long time the rate
of reinsurance paid on her has advanced
very slowly. Several times the rate has
dropped, but now that it has passed 50
per cent a rapid rise is looked for. The
Helen Brewer is a steel ship of 15S0 tons
register. She was built in 1S91 at Port
Glasgow. She sailed under the Hawaiian
flag until the annexation of the Territory
gave her the right to fly the Stars and
Stripes.
She left Sourabaya February 28 and on
March 3 went ashore about thirteen
miles from her starting place. She was
ficated March 5 and the day following re
sumed her voyage. She Etranded on mud
bottom and is thought to have sustained
no injury when she went ashore. Her
commander is Captain D. Mahany. While
not a speedy vessel, she has a reputation
for making fair passages and her present
tardiness is regarded as serious.
Many local speculators believe she is
all right, however, and the next advance
in her rate will probably see a heavy play
on the Helen Brewer to arrive.
The rate on the Milton Park remains
at 50 per cent. s
p=-r|-^HE rate of reinsurance on the
I ship Helen Brewer was advanced
I yesterday to 65 per cent and con-
fidence in the vessel's safety is be-
All the coast counties between San
Francisco and San Diego have voted to
t'O represented at St. Louis, with the ex
ception of San Mateo County. Secretary
Willis has secured favorable action on?h«
part of the Supervisors of San Benito
County, who will vote a two-cent tax for
exhibition purposes.
a!l portions of California, in the cities,
the farming, lumbering and mining re
gions, to get kinetoscopic and other views
for the pictorial show of moving life in
California, to be exhibited in the State
building on the Exposition grounds ax St.
Liouis.
When the California Commissioners met
t I^cs Angeles last, an arrangement waa
lade with parties to travel throughout
Commissioner Filcher explains that the
reason. California needs more space than
was originally asked for is that, in addi
tion to the requisitions made by the sev
»ral sections of the State, large individual
industries of the State require more room
in which to illustrate distinctively Call
fornian enterprises. Assurance was given
In the letter sent Thursday to St. Ixmis
that ail the space that may be assigned
to California will be well filled.
I > t!.is State possession of two special
sections on the central aisle, both front
ons- immediately on the CaJIfornia general
displsyr one of which has already been
secured. The first of the special sections
:.. he used by California will be occupied
! r ;i Kf^at wine display.
The second special section is ¦wanted for
plaring a large display of California
uried and, canned fruits. It Is proposed, if
the management gives the second section
to California^ which is numbered 73 on the
chart of the building, to dl%ide it by an
aisle and devote one-half to the dried
fruits and one-half to the canned fruits
i f California.
other its for the assignment of another
full section in the central aisle of the Ag
ricultural building, this aiele being re
served for special features by the man
agdneiit. -
The new requisition is for 15,000 square
feet of room, including aisles. One re
quest, if granted, will square up all the
space u*ed by California in its general
:>.frricjltural exhibit. The other will give
It has been officially determined that
California needs more room In the Agri
cultural building at St. Louis for exhibi
tion purposes that It has yet secured.
Enough space has been assigned to Cali
fornia to insure a much gTeater display
than any other State will attempt in the
agricultural line. Cp to date this State
has been given on the floor of the Agri
cultural building 40.000 square feet. Includ
ing alslos. Thursday a letter went for
ward fro»h the California Commissioners
to Uie St. Ixuls Exposition, in which two
requc ?tp are made. Ore is for the assign
ment of space to provide for an addition
to the general exhibit of the State. The
At Least 45,000 Square Feet
in Agricultural Hall
Is ."Needed.
Space Assigned to State
at Exposition Is
• Too Small.
Rate of Reinsurance Is Advanced to 6? Per Cent and a Further
Considerable Rise Is Expected Unless the Overdue Ship
Shows Up at Delaware Breakwater Within a Few Days
REQUIRES MORE
ST. LOUIS ROOM
HELEN BREWERS LONG TRIP
IS CAUSING GREAT ANXIETY
Bun rises ...' .. '. B:18
Bun sett .....7:12
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 8, 1903.
7
AMUSEMENTS.
Coursing
Park.
102
Open Stake
AND
it) DOC VETERAN
XL STAKE.
SATURDAY and SUNDAY
Aug. 8 and 9.
First Rundown on Saturday, tttslnninc at 11
a. m. sharp. Sunday Coursing will begin at
10:30 sharp and continue till last winning Cag
goes up.
TOTAL PRIZES--S975.00
AH Mission-street cars transfer to Guerrero
cars, which ko direct to Park.
THOMAS TIERN'EY, Judge.
EDWARD SHORSTAQ. SUppCT.
CQLUi¥lil3A LU MATES
MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT. SUNDAY NIGHT
and ALL. NEXT WEEK.
fZ7^jrr> \ "The Comedian
HJLKr\ You All Know."
KENDALL
In His Great Starring Comedy Success.
"THE VINEGAR BUYER"
A LICENSE FOR LAUGHTER.
Au». 17 — Henry Miller and Margaret AngUn.
The Very Last of
"UNDER THE RED GLOBE"
Combined With
"THE THREE MUSKEETERS."
And Next Monday Night th« Great Double
Bill of Burlesques, "QUO VAS9 ISS" ("Quo
Vadls") and -THE BIO LITTLE PRINCESS."
Just wait unttl you hear the result.
Our "All-Star" Cast. Including:
KOLB AND DILL,
BARNEY BERNARD,
WINFIELD BLAKE.
HARRY HERMSEN.
* MAUDE AMBER.
RESERVED SEATS— Nights. 23e. Me and
75c: Saturday and Sunday Matinees. 25c and
6Oc; Children at Uatlneea. 10c and 25c.
LESTER AND CURTIN : LITTLE BLOSSOM:
THE THREE KUHNS. AND A GREAT
SHOW EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVEN.
ING IN THB THEATER.
Inspect "CABARET DE LA MORT."
VISIT THE POUND AND ONE-HALT BABT
IN THE INFANT INCUBATOR.
THREE BABT TIGERS IN THE ZOO.
ELECTRIC FOUNTAIN !
DISPLAY TO-NIGHT.
¦ . ADMISSION. 10c: CHILDREN'. 8c
Watch for the
"MTSTIC MIRROR MAZE."
BASEBALL!
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.
RECREATION PARK.
EIGHTH AND HARRISON—
CHAMPIONSHIP GAMES.
THURSDAT AND FRIDAT. 3:30 P. M.; SAT-
URDAT. 3:CO P. M.
SUNDAT 2:30 P. M.
LOS ANGELES vs. OAKLAND.
LADIES' DATS THURSDAT AND FRIDAT.
Advance Sale. S Stockton St.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
DAWSON PIONEER BAY EXCURSION
On steamer SUNOL. SUNDAT. AUGUST 9.
for Martinez, visiting Vallejo. Mara Island
Nevy Yard Union Iron Works. Will stop at
Martinez one hour for dinner. Round trip COc.
Leaves Washlngton-st. wharf. Pier 3. 10 a. m.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USB DAMIANA BITTERS, THB
Great Mexican Remedy: gives health *nj
«tr«n«rth to nexuai organs. Dejpot. 323 Market.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BUTTER
Saturday, Monday, Tuesday
BUTTER, best made, 2 squares. 75c
COFFEE, our 25c blend, 3 lbs.... 50c
EGGS, fresh Eastern, 2 dozen . . .45c
SUGAR, best cane, 20 lbs.. .$1.00
With » Two-Dollar Order.
BUTTER, choice creamery, square.. . 35c
SARDINES, imported French, 2 cans . . 15c
FL0U3, good famlly^sack. . . . .$1.05
C.O.D.CROiCERYCO.lnc.
JOHN ROUINSON. President.
313 OTarrelf St., Near Mason
Formerly of Poit and Buchanan.
Telephone Folsom 316.
No Liquors Prompt Delivery
P*U r & DON'T FAIL TO
1 aldwy gee the beautiful
- " 1 COURT Lounging
fllid room, the EMPIRE
aUU PARLOR, the
r - PALM ROOM,the
linifin LOUIS XV PAR-
UiailU LOR, and the LA-
: u -a 1 DIES' WRITING
Hotels rqom.
d visit DR. JORDAN'S great d
> MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
9 £«fr W51HABSW5T.1»:.6:!i*7U»,0J.Cj1. A
\ Or The Larcest Anatomical Museum in ihe \
A .3' World. Weaknctsei or any contracted B
? fi^dN disease p«»lllw*tljr cured by the oldeit T
O fjS; *2| bpccialUc on the Coast. Esl 36 years. Q
A AGtf? A OR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF HEN 4
\ F<$%rafi Comultation free and strictly private. \
a I xX\f*rn Treatment personally or by letter. A Q
\ D if SJI Ptfitiv Otr« in every case undertaken. T
A Ail II n Write for Book. PaiLQSOPaT*rl
" ' I/ I " BinnUSK, MAILED FREB. fAf
\ A * Jl -¦ valuable book for mm) \
V OB. JOBDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St., S. F. 9
JM Those 'suffering: from weak-
f - nesses which sap the pleasures
¦ I ¦' of life should take Juven Pills.
. , is 1 One bottle will tell a story of
marvelous results. This medicine has more
rejuvenating, vitalizing force than has ever
been offered. Sent by mail in plain package
only on reeeipt of this adv. and St
¦ Made by its originators C. I. Hood Co.. pro-
prietors Hood's tiaxsaparilla. LowelL Mass.
NEXT SUNDAY'S
• AET SUPPLEMENT,
"THE RUSSIAN WEDDING/'
i Effectively framed either in
Flemish brown, ebony or gilt
frame, about three or four
j inches; framed closely.
ADVEETISEMENTS.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must bear
Fac-simile Signature of /^L^^^
J^^^^^^ Absolutely Curejtej B i B &¦§£»
BILIOUSNESS. e-j-v-j"! Tixi.it ft raft
SICK HEADACHE. Ipf | H \ff ST ijP
TORPID LIVER. pf 4 H W fan *T^
/wBg VlA f URRED TONGUE. EM| m.E| n B if*
mm M indigestion. WPSLLSH
V M \J( CONSTIPATION J^jfl ** "
SALLOW SKIN
Th«y TOUCH the JL I V & Fl Wii Prtc*
Genuine Wrapper Printed on .^ _ _ _* "i"
RED PAPEP^ACK^TTER^^^^,^^^/
AMUSEMENTS.
TIV0LI8SS&-
ALL THIS WEEK. - SATURDAT MATINEE.
The Third Week of the Special Engagement of
CAMILLE D'ARVILLE
In DeKoven's Great Comic Opera,
THE HIG WAYMAN
Special Cast Throughout.
EDWIN STEVENS as POXY QI7X&&EB.
Arthur Cunningham. Annie Myers. Ferrti
Hartman Edward Webb Bertha Davla. Aime«
Leicester and the big Tivoll Company.
The Next Attraction Will B«
"THE FOSTUBi: TE1MB."—
With Anna Llchter in the leading soprano
part.
POPULAR PRICES 25c, 60c. 73a
Telephone Bush 9.
MATINEE TO-DAY, SATURDAT. August 8.
Parquet. Any Seat.. 25c: Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, Any Part Bxcept Reserved, 10c.
VIGOROUS VAUDEVILLE!
The Great Kaufmann Troupe; Dooley
and Tenbrooke; Roberts, Hayes
and Boberts; George Austin; Ma-
cart's Dogs and Monkeys and the
Biograph. Last times of Mme.
Konorah; James J. Morton and
Claudius and Corbin.
S 3 J^S B ?H? ITS I B«!asco *
"™ '** ** •" ¦ — " Proprietor*.
Market Street. Near E'ghth. Phone South 633.
TO-NIGHT— ONE WEEK ONLT. I
MATIXEES SATURDAT AND SUNDAT.
Stupendous Production of Edwin Arden's
Powerful Russian Drama.
ZORAH
— WITH—
HERSCHEL MATALL as RABBI ISRAEL
FRANCOS.
EUGENIA THAIS LAWTON as ZORAH.
Gorgeous Scenic Effects! Splendid Costume*!
Brilliant Cast!
DDirCC EVENINGS 10c to Me
rnlVCj MATINEES 10c. 15c. 23c
Monday, August 10— "MAN'S ENEMT."
ffAlilFORNllV
¦ 9 I ~^ liLeS
\fi MATINEE TO-DAT. I I
Last Time To-night.
rrc HEI&I.-MOBO3CO CO. ire
•*•' Presenting Paul Leicester •* t '
Kf\ Ford's Matchless Romance of *\{\
*J*J the Revolution, ****
2J5 jastice MUBssrra. j£$
To-morrow Night, "A
ROYAL FAMILY." Most
Tcharmlntr comedy romance waast
uever written. 9
HE.ATFUJ
SPANp&o E ult
MATINEE TO-DAY.
LAST NIOHT
RAYMOND AND CAVBRLY
And Our Superb Eastern Company in
| IN WALL STREET
To-/V\orrow INlght
The Rogers Brothers' Success of Last Season.
"IN HARVARD"
A Gorgeous, Novel and Beautiful Production.
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
PRICES— 25c. 50c, 75c.
AT n A7 A"D Belasco 4b Mayer.
ALCAZAR
„• O«n. Mgr.
MAT. TO-DAY— TO-NIGHT— THIS ! WEEK.
"Charming performance."— Chronicle.
"A delightful comedy." — Call.
"Went with a snap." — Examiner. •
WHITE WHITTLESEY
—^IN
THE BUTTERFLIES
Evg.. 25c to 75c: Mat. Thur. & Sat.. 15c to 50o
Next Monday — Farewell Week of th« WHIT-
TLESEY Engagement.
THE THREE MUSKETEERS.
Monday, Aug. 17 — The Greatest of Rural Plays,
THE DAIRY FARM,
SYMPHONY CONCERTS.
FRITZ SGKEEL, SSSL
Auspice* 8. F. Symphony Society.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
ORCHESTRA OF 70 MUSICIANS.
Concerts at 3:15 p. m. FRIDAT. August 14
THURSDAT. August 27. and every THURS^
DAT following up to and Including October 8.
SALE OF SEASON TICKETS BEGINS ON
MONDAY. AUG. 10. AT SHERMAN
& CLAY-S MUSIC STORE.
Price of Seats — Season, Orchestra. *1.23;
Dress Circle, first four rows, 91.25; last four
rows. *1; Family Circle. '75c; 25c off each sea-
son ticket to members of the S. F SYM-
PHONY SOCIETY. Application* for member-
ship should be made to the Manager. Room 81,
Crocker Bldg., before 5 p. m. August 8.
LECTURES AND CONCERTS.
¦^^^J^ STEINWAY HALL,
S&IillP^' TYIVDALL 15 '
fi Wtn * experiments' ra
' ' Ticket* 23c, 50c and T5aWith Lou Dillon, the queen of the
trotting turf, and others distinguish
ing themselves in the East, and a host
of promising performers in training
here, the outlook for a senes of new
records is good.
A large number of horses are en
tered in the 2:24 trot at the breed
ers' meeting at Petaluma. A $2000
purse is offered for this race, and it
WITH the opening of
the California circuit
on Tborsday next at
Vallejo willl commence
a season of racing for
the light - harness
horses which is expected to add to the
fame of the trotters and pacers bred
on this coast.
horses lined up for the word. Among
these comparatively unknown horses
some great one is expected to de
velop.
Among the horses now being pre
pared for the circuit is Professor E.
is expected the winners will have to
show miles in 2:15 or better to carry
off the honors and the long end of
the purse. There were twenty-four
entries, nearly all paid up, which is a
guarantee there will be fully fifteen
P. Heald's trotter Tom Smith
(2:i3J4). This mark was given him
at Denver. He is one of the great
est of the sons of McKinney, and is
certainly one af the handsomest.
Dot (2:26), a pacer by Falrose,
owned by F. G. Crawford of
Williams, is expected to cut a big
figure in many races.
Swift B (2:2454), by Stam B, is a
three-year-old trotter and is. owned
by J. A. Richardson of Boise City,
Idaho. He is entered In the rich Oc
cident stake this year, and is expected
to be a contender, for first money
when the big stake is decided on the
first day ( of the State Fair at Sacra
mento.
f y. W. Gardner of Los Angeles has
a promising three-year-old by Nut
wood Wilkes which is expected to
take a low mark this year.
TROTTERS AND PACERS WILL SOON SCORE UP FOR THE WORD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATUKDAY, AUGUST 8, 1903.
BISMARCK. N. D.. Augr. 7.— The Supreme
Court ha» declared void the 1700,000 of bonds
authorized by the last' Legislature for State ed
ucational and charitable Institution*.
yALLEJO, Aug. 7.— The United States
training ship Alert arrived here to-day
from'jthe" lower . bay and will sail next
Monday ; for Seattle, where a regatta will
be held'on the 15th Inst. It is . expected
that a ; little, later the Alert will. Join the
fleet now. in the Bering Sea, — _
Alert Arrives at Mare Island.
Widow Sues United Railroads.
Nora Phelan, widow of Peter Phelan.
who was killed In a streetcar collision at
Twenty-fourth and Mission streets last
December, sued the United Railroads yes
terday .for $10,009. damages. She baa four
children, '
The Sheriff was directed yesterday to
attach the person of G. Glnocchl, admin
istrator of the estate of G. B. Marre, and
compel him to appear in court to* show
cause why he should not file his second
and final account.- Glnocchi, who Is in
Madera, has persistently refused to obey
court orders to appear.
matches, winning five, losing one and
drawing one, giving a percentage of .78.
The Alameda Cricket Club has played
seven matches, winning five and losing
two, giving a percentage of .71. Tho Pa
dl/c- eleven has played eight matches,
winning two, losing five and drawing one,
giving a percentage of .31. The Santa
Cruz Club has lost all Its matches.
Orders Ginocchi's Arrest.
. In the first match play round of the
handicap tournament for the Midsummer
trophy of the San Rafael Golf Club, which
was concluded last Saturday, the con
testants were J. J.. Crooks, Carl ton Cur
tis, R. G. Brown, Gustav Sutro, C. A. Bel
den, E. J. Hooper, RV J. Davis and Doug
las Hardy. i
J. J.' Crooks, handicap 3, beat Carlton
Curtis, handicap 8, 5 up 4 to play; R. Gil
man Brown, handicap 2, defeated Gustav
Sutro, handicaplO, by 2 up 1 to play; R.
J. Davis, 3, won from i Douglas
Hardy, handicap 5, by 4 up 3 to play;' C.
A.vBelden, handicap 8,- and E.' J. Hooper,
handicap 3, tied on the eighteen holes,. but
at the twentieth hole C. A. Belden won 1
up.
In the semi-final round, which .must be
played before 6 p.\m. on next Saturday,
J. J. Crooks will play : against • ' R. G.
Brown and R. J. Davis against C. A. Bel
den. . . "
Four Players* Are Now Left in the
' First Competition for Mid
summer Trophy.
SAN RAFAEL GOLFERS
REACH SECOND ROUND
Grace Plant is suing John W. McCor
mick, an Insurance broker at 324 Califor
nia street, to set aside a promissory note
for $1500 and a mortgage on property on
Minna street, near Sixth, which she al
leges McCormlck obtained from her
through fraudulent means. The complaint
was filed yesterday.
Charges Broker With Fraud.
Deputy Fish Commissioner and Game
Warden ¦ I. C. Steele yesterday arrested
Nestor _Armos_ for shooting a doe In San
Mate© County. Armos was, taken before
Justice ; Coburn and paid a fine of $25.
Deputy Fish Commissioner J.C. Ingles
yesterday arrested H. Hartman, who con
ducts a fish market at ! 271S California
street, for having in his possession and
selling striped bass weighing under threo
pounds. Hartman was held , in $30 ball.
Later in the day Deputy Fish Commis
sioner L. N. Kercheval returned to the
same market and arrested W.F.Rober-ts
for having striped bass in his possession
weighing, under three pounds. Roberta
was also placed under $50 ball.
Striped Bass Weighing Un
der Three Pounds.
San Francisco Market Men Deal in
VIOLATORS OF GAME
; ".-;¦¦ LAWS ABE ARRESTED
Mr. -and Mrs. Charles* A. Elston. the
champions of Honolulu, are in town and
will play in the - September tournament.
Elston won the championship this year
The south will be strongly represented
by Bell and Freeman in both singles and
doubles. In the women's events the
southern players should again prove vic
torious.
The players are practicing hard for the
coast championship tournaments, which
are only three weeks off. All of the titles
went south last year, but the northern
men expect to get sdme of them back in
September. In doubles the north will de
pend upon aiacGavin and Smith. Much is
also expected of these players In singles.
MacGavln has been out of the game since
May 30. when he won the San Francisco
championship. He will return to town
next week and will put In thfe time be
tween now and the end of the" month a?
hard practice.
Work has been commenced on the two
new exhibition courts to be laid out in
front of the - clubhouse In Golden Gate
Park. They will be completed In a month
or six weeks, when It is expected a large
open tournament will be held.
Third class: Preliminary round — S C Gay
ness vs. C. S. Myrlck; B. McFarland vs. H. M
Ardley: E. F. Leillch vs. C. C. Sayre; L. c
Bozarth vs. Herbert Lens; J. B. Adams v» F*
C. Adams; J. R. Ryan vs. F. "W. Gomph. First
round (upper half) — Robert Drolla vs. F E.
Skinner; J. R. Lewis ve. A. McFarland" W
Smith a bye. (Lower half) — Guy Lytton a bve-
W. R. Milton vs. J. M. Baker; L. D Roberts
vs. T. D. Black.
In the fourth class II. /Long will meet
Howell and Crooks will meet Turner. The
winners will come together In the final.
The second and third class players drew
as follows:
Second class — E. M. Twljrgs vs. Horace Mann-
H. Russell vs. Henry Mills; Miller Hotchktss
vs. C. W. Teller; George Janes vs. Charles
Kuchn: Norman Ambrose vs. Oscar Beyfuss,
E. P. Flnnegan vs. Alexander Beyfuss; C. Fo
ley vs. M. C. Campbell; Marius Hotchklss vs.
Henry Rolfe. • '
PLAY In the open class singles ten
nis tournament, which was com
menced on the publip courts in
Golden Gate Park last Sunday, will be
resumed to-morrow. The entry list,
which reached seventy-four, was by far
the largest ever heard of In this part of
the country. An effort was made last
Sunday to finish the first and fourth
classes, but it was found impossible to
do so. The final of the first and semi
finals and final of the fourth classes will
be played to-morrow. " \
The final match of the first class Is ex
pected to prove the best of the tourna
ment. George Baker and Charles Dun
lap are the two players who will meet
to settle the question of supremacy and
decide who shall be the first winner of the
new challenge cup. On form Baker ap
pears to have the better chance of win
ning. Dunlap played fine tennis last Sun
day. If he can play as good a game* to
morrow he- stands a fine chance of win
ning. Baker at his best Is somewhat
stronger than Dunlap, but the college
crack has not been showing his best form
of late.
WHEN the California Associa
tion Football League opens the
next season It will include on
its roll of members a club made up of
French residents of San Francisco. €n
order to provide the necessary funds for
the successful management of the French
Association Football Club a picnic will
be given to-morrow at Germania Gardens,
Harbor View. By permission of Commo
dore Adigard the ofllcers and sailors of
the French cruiser Protet will give exhi
bitions of boxing, fencing and sword play.
Captain Fritz of the Protet, who ts known
as one of the most skillful fericers In
France, will take part in a fencing match.
The programme of athletic exercises is
as follows: Fencing, Mangeot against
Cadlc, master at arms of the Protet;
three rounds French boxing, Boie against
Toulles, boxing master of the Protet;
sword bout, Cadlc and Mangeot; boxing
exhibitions by Boic, Toulles, Bouguyon
and Le Port of the cruiser Protet.
The reception committee consists of O.
Bozlo, E. Pierron Sr., A. Ortion, A. Lu
slnchl, C. I* P. Marais,;Dr. L. P. Dorals,
Dr. Georges H. Juilly, Georges Proust,
E. J. Dupuy, Ernest Pagnuelo, A. Bauer,
J. Dimmer, Paul Robert and G. Jewell.
The floor manager will b© Achille Com
pagnon, and his aids will be Andrew P.
Lassale, E. Soulages, Jean Lelanne, L.
Murphy, A. Boursier, Georges Proust. E,
Turpin and Leopold Dutoit. The officers
of .the French Association Football Club
are Andrew J. Camovls, president; George
H. Royer, vice president; Einilo J. Pier
ron, secretary; Andrew A. Glarner, treas
urer. ' . .
There wilj also be a try-out to-morrow
to decide who shall be the representative
of the Pacific Association In the single
shell. The races will begin at 11 a. m.
The Alameda Boat Club, being the hold
er of the senior barge championship, will
send a crew of four men to Astoria with
out the ordeal of a try-out. The four will
be E. B. Thornlng, Sydney Pollard and
two others yet to be chosen.
OVER the old Mission Bay course
to-morrow there will be a try-out
between barge crews representing
the Ariel and South End rowing clubs and
the Dolphin and Oylmpic boat clubs.
The oarsmen will race over a mile and
a half course with a turn, and the crews
taking the first two places will go to the
ninth annual aquatic carnival at Astoria
as the representatives of the Pacific As
sociation of the Amateur Athletic Union.
The Ariel crew, will be the same as that
which took part In the senior barge race
at the annual championship regatta on
Lake Merritt on July 4, being made up as
follows: Alex Keegan, bow; E. L. Smith,
No. 2; E. J. Lynch, No. 3, and Charles
Wilson, stroke.
The Dolphin representatives will prob
ably be the intermediate barge crew
which rowed at Lake Merritt, viz.: T. R.
DIxon, H. Swellund, Thomas Harris and
William Harria. The South End crew will
probably be stroked by J. P. Foley.
If the Oylmpic Boat Club should at-,
tempt to enter Its Intermediate crew in
the try-out it would be rejected on ac
count of Its failure to compete in the
Lako Merritt events, for which it was en
tered, but the Junior Olympic crew might
try to win a place. It Is made up of
Charles Stewart, Roy Wilson, R. W. Ma
son and Francis Boland.
Joe Corbett Is steadily improving in his
work. He does better at every, perform
ance. But he has been pitching In hard
\luck for all that during the past month.
In that thirteen-inning game on . Thurs
day Joe had everything -that is the lot of
the slab man to possess, yet he lost
through the errors and dummy playing of
his supporters.
Dillon and his batting average are much
talked about among the fans at the pres
ent time. The Los Angeles first baseman
is hitting the ball, at . about a .380 clip.
This is the best record ever made in Cal
ifornia. At this time last' season ,Mc-
Crcedlo 'was leading the league a,nd hla
average was about .325. It was thought
to be a good one then. ..
Of course, they have still a long way to
go ere they will be within striking dis
tance of San Francisco or Los Angeles,
but at the present time they are in dan
ger of heading Mike Fisher's Senators If
they can keep on winning as they, have
been doing the past month. It will be no
surprise to see either of the two teams
in the first division when the September
campaign is ushered in.
Both Portland and Seattle have made
all their headway simply by strengthen
ing their teams when they saw it was the
only thing left for them to do. At the
present time both clubs are well equipped
for a flght with any of them. They have
the talent, and they are being well han
dled, so nothing but the best kind of ball
playing_on*the part of the headline teams
will stop them now that they have, struck
their gait.
Mike Fisher's team is all in for the time
being and perhaps for keeps unless he
manages to corral a couple of good pitch
ers who will not collapse In the tight
places. Those youngsters of Mike's can
not go the route; that Is certain, from
their recent performances. It is an old
adago that you cannot win a pennant by
having your slab artists batted all over
the lot • by every otKer team in the
league.
Black, the new one whom Mike rescued
from the bush league, is a Chicago ama
teur. He came out here last April and
signed with the Butte team of the Pa
c'.fic National League. For some reason
he was never tried out and the Butte
management let him go after feeding him
for a few weeks. Fisher is to be con
gratulated If he makes a good man out
of Black. , „
THE two northern teams of the Pa
cific Coast League, Portland and
Seattle, are attracting more atten
tion from the baseball public at present
than any of the other four clubs of the
league. The marvelous Jump made by
these tail enders is the- sensation of the
hour. They have steadily climbed from
almost hopeless positions and are now
where they can make a fight with the
three leading clubs.
Profits Will Go to Assist
French Association Foot
ball Club in This City
At the Same Time a Single
-Sculler Will Be Selected
for the Astoria Regatta
Joe Corbett's Pitching Arm
Is Rapidly Rounding In
to Pertect Form Again
Piayers Are Practicing for
the Annual Championship
Meeting in September
Filial Matches in Two of
the Classes to Be Decided
• To-Morrow on Park Courts
Result Will Determine the
Two Crews Which Are
to Compete in the North
Tars of Cruiser Protet to
Give Exhibition of Box
ing .and Fine Sword Play
Seattle and Portland Are
Now Holding Their Own
With the Leading Clubs
Charles Muller has resigned from the
regatta committee of the California
Yacht Club. His place has been filled by
William McBain Jr., secretary of the
club. The delegates for 1903 from the
California Yacht Club to the Pacific In
terclub Yacht Association are Commo
dore George M. Shaw, Allen M. Clay and
R. R. l'Hommedieu.
Last Sunday being an open day on the
programme of the California Yacht Club,
many of the boats remained at their
moorings all day. The yachts that did go
out for a cruise enjoyed a strong breeze.
Robert Vincent's yawl lola and Louis Ro
senfeld's sloop Jessie E cruised to Para
dise Cove, where they dropped anchor.
The "yawl Idler, sailed by August R. F.
Brandes, anchored In California Cove,
San Pablo Bay. Lee Gale's sloop Secret
dropped her hook off California City and
A. M. Clay's sloop Pactolus cruised in the
upper bay.
The main topmast of the yawl lola has
teen cut down nine feet, though her sail
spread has not been reduced. She now
has the appearance of an able, weatherly
boat for outside cruising.
The sloop Verona, owned by Harry
Brindle, has been added to the roll of the
California Yacht Club.
The members of the California Yacht
Club will sail this afternoon to California
Cove, near San Pablo Point. To-morrow
clam chowder will be prepared on the
beach and there will be sculling and row
ing races for small boats, swimming con
tests and a tug-of-war. Commodore
George M. Shaw will be on board the flag
ship Idler for the first time for several
weeks. The sloops Pactolus and Secret
have been on the beach near the club
house during the week, having their im
mersed surfaces scraped, cleaned and
copper-painted.
THE Corinthians start to-day on
their annual cruise up the Sacra
mento River, upon which they
will be absent one week, returning to
their moorings in Tiburon Cove on Sun
day, the ICth inst. The San Francisco
fleet returns to-morrow from its annual
up-river cruise, upon which the sloops
Thetis. Surprise and Challenger Btarted
on Saturday, July 25. The Challenger re
turned to her moorings at Sausallto on
Saturday last, on which day the sloops
Ariel and Queen left Sausalito to Join the
fleet on the cruise.
Kortlang of San Francisco
Eleven Leads in Batting
With Average of Ninety
The Marin County representatives will
be selected from the following: C. E.
Bull, John Myers, C. P. Coles, R. W.
Mason, T. Thorpe. Dr. Wardlaw, J. M.
Ji«nnett, W. Williams. B. D. Adamson.
TV. L. Comyn and D. Frazer. Stumps
will be drawn at 6 o'clock.
The Saa Francisco County team will
meet the Alameda eleven to-morrow on
the field at Webster street, Alameda, for
the fourth tirrie during the present sea-
Fon.- The Alameda representatives will
be chosen from the following: G. Har
old Ward, captain; F. J. Croll. J. H.
Saunders, B. Bird. W. J. Richter, A. E.
Aeklom. R. B. Hamilton. H. W. Brown.
Henry Ward Sr.. J. U. Bird, C. Banner
«nd J. Brown. The San Francisco Coun
ty team will be selected from the fol
lowing: Harold B. Richardson, B. Kort
lang, E. G. Sloman, E. Petersen. E. H.
Wilkes, H. Roberts, T. J. A. Tledemann,
W. R. Stewart. J. B. Smith. T. J*. A.
Tiedernann Jr., P. R. Johns and W. G.
Rowley.
At the last meeting of these two clubs,
en July 13, the San Francisco County
cricketers beat the Alameda eleven by
147 runs for the loss of only three wick
ets, B. Kortlang being 79 not out when
the Innings was called. Though the Ala
meda team may not be defeated so, easily
to-morrow, there seems little chance of
its turning the tables on Its formidable
antagonists.
B. Kortlanc'B score of 31 not out last
Sunday against the Pacific eleven has
raised his batting average. It now reads:
Seven times, at bat, 4 times not out; total,
2S0 runs; average, 93.23. Harold B. Rich
ardson's score of 44 runs last Sunday not
being up to his average, his average for
the season Is somewhat lower than it
-»as. It reads as follows: Eight times
*t bat. twice not out; total. 349 runs; av
erage. !S.1O. Harold .Ward of the Ala
rneda Club still holds third place, his rec
ord being 7 times at bat, twice not out;
tol$.l, 12Ji; average. 29. E. T. Langdale
of the Pacific eleven has come up into
fourth place, his record reading as fol
lov.-s: Five t!mei at bat, once not out;
total, 121 runs: average. 30.25. E. G. Slo
man of the San Francisco County team
i? fifth on the list, his record being S
times at bat. twice not out; total, 138:
average. 23. Fifteen other batsmen have
nvcrages of more than ten runs per In
nings.
Three members of the San Francisco
County Club stand at the head of the
bowling list. E. Petersen hae bowled 17S
balls, taking 15 wlcketn for 57 runs, an
Hverape of ' E. If. Wilkes has bowled
2j0 balls, capturing 16 wickets for 90 runs,
an average of 5.C2. B. Kortlaner has
bowled 609 balls, taking 22 wickets for 210
runs, or an average cost of 6.90. A. N.
Macnamara of the Santa Cruz County
Club stands fourth, having bowled 218
baJ'.s. taking 11 wickets for 114 runs, or
an average cost of 10.C3. The other bowl
cre who have taken ten or more wickets
during the season in association matches
are F. J. CrolU Harold Ward and B.
Bird of th<* Alameda Club. H. C. Casldy
and Dr. O. JC. Taylor of the Pacific Club
cni E. G. Sloman of the San Francisco
County Club.
The Btant*is of the clubs for the pen
nant of 1903 is as follows: San Francisco
County leads, having played seven
The Pacific team will be captained by
H. C. Casidv and will be chosen from
the following: W. Balnaves. J. J. Theo
bald, E. T. Langdale. Dr. O. N. Taylor,
F. Bennion, H. N. Storrs, C. W. John
son. H. O. Watson, G. S. McCa'.lum, R.
R. Stephens, George Wiseman and C*. C.
y. Williamson.
ON the recreation ground. Golden
Gate Park, beginning at 2 o'clock
tills afternoon, there will be a
match between an eleven of the Pacific
Cricket Club and a team representing
Marin Countv.
RACKETS SWING
IN TOURNAMENT
COMPETITION
GALLIC SAILORS
TO SHOW SKILL
IN MANLY ART
NORTHERN MEN
MAY FIGURE IN
RACE FOR FLAG
TRIAL RACES
FOR OARSMEN
ON THE BAY
California Amateurs Sail
to San Pablo Point and
Will Hold Annual Games
HORSES WHICH ARE EXPECTED TO PERFORM WELL ON THE CALIFORNIA CIRCUIT
—BREEDER AND SPORTSMAN PHOTOS.
Recreation Ground, Golden
Gate Park, Will Be Scene
of Match This Afternoon
San Francisco Yacht Club
Returns To-Morrow From
Trip on the Sacramento
MARIN COUNTY
AND PACIFICS
PLAY CRICKET
TIBURON TARS
BEGIN CRUISE
UP THE RIVER
quite handily, beating William Roth, the
ex-Stanford player. Mrs. Elston has been
the woman champion for several years.
Many of the younger players of the
California Club are coming to the front
with a rush. Herbert Long is probably
the most promising of the lot. Long has
an excellent style, but hia headwork la
not good. Practice and experience will
eliminate this fault. Harry Ro'fe is an
other young player who. is making rapid
strides. He lacks Long's style, but \a
steadier. Beyfuss is also a youngster of
promise. He is greatly handicapped by
his lack of size. When he gets his growth
he will undoubtedly figure in the cham
pionship class. Dr. Lovegrove is prob
ably the mosX persistent player on the
courts. The doctor has entered every
tournament during the year. Last Sun
day he won his first tournament match.
In the same manner the doctor stayed
with chess until he won the coast cham
pionship. While this la not expected of
him in tennis, he will surely develop into
a good player.
Puppy stake— Duhallow. Ragtime. Ravy Au
rora. Richard Antcne. Racing Auto. Irvin?to«
Tralee. McVey, Gupflre. Fancy Free, Matopan,
Boy. Fair Oaks Algy
McDonald. Mickey Free Honest John. Amer
ica. Gambit. Tlllle It. Silver HeeU. R«kMi
Acrobat. Liberator, Rubber Ankles Prwldla
Boy. Lord Brazen Brilliancy. Real Article.
Full Moon Pepper Hill. Rural Artist. Fair
Tralee Red Rock! Fontenoy. Money Musk.
R^tor. fSSmXuu Roman Athlete. Free Born.
Wattles. HaDhazard. Barse.
The coursing at Union Park this week
will be held to-morrow, when an open
stake and a puppy event will form the
card. A number of Futurity candidates
will be given a chance at open competi
tion. The coursing will commence upon
the arrival of the 10:15 a. m. train. Tha
likely -winners look to be:
Milo Kane, a coursing man of Colorado
Springs, is preparing to come West with
a string of eight greyhounds.
C. A. Lyons of Sherman, Tex., also
has his eyes on the rich stakes here. Ha
is expected out next month with a string
of twenty-four dogs.
Gus Gllfeather of this city is Judging
at the Butte meeting. Carrie G won tha
32-dog open stake at Butte last Sunday,
beating Lear King in the deciding course.
The regular monthly meeting of tha
California Coursing Committee, the gov
erning body of the sport on this coast,
will be held next Thursday night In Its
office in the Chronicle building.
The coursing at Ingleslde Park to-day
will commence at 11 o'clock. The first
run down of the open stake and also of
the veteran stake will form the card.
The coursing to-morrow will start at
10:30. The likely winners look to be:
Open stake — Prairie Maid, Prompto. Tukoa.
Medley, Haddlngton. Thetis. Sofala, Kins' »
Pride, Golden Rule. Remisso Anlmo. Jack
Short, Una Krishna. "Little Lucy. Idaho Boy.
Master Rocket. Reta S. General E>e Wet, Flora
Belle. Bonnie Hughte. Palo Alto. Golden Links.
KUUernan. May Hempstead. Royal Friend.
Harlean Gladys, Lady Menlo. Tom Hurlick.
Mary Ann. Otto. Toronto. Master ClaJr, Moll!*
Me, Terah. Rlenzi. Articulate. Evil Eye. Frfsky
Barbara. Vina. Rock and Rye. Tobasco Boh,
Ouida, Cascade. Firm Fellow. Flower of Goli.
Ag^ie "W. Ruby Sankey. May Flush. Creswick.
MrHcnry, Manru.
Veteran stake— Wartrorton. Martha Wash
ington. Royal Flush, Youn* America. Hadi
wist. Statesman.
The stake was decided at St. Louis last
year and was won by Roman Athlete,
wnfch was sent on from here with Sac
ramento Boy and other crack hounds. As
this meetinsr will be more easy of ac
cess it is expected there will be a strong
representation from California. The stake
this year will be doubly interesting from
the fact that a valuable cup la offered
for the first time in addition to the bi«
money which will go to the winner.
The coursine men of the Middle West
are trying to induce P. J. Reilly of this
city to judge their circuit of meetings
this autumn, kludge Reilly has not as
yet consented to act.
F. L. Nicholls of Butte believes ha
has in imported Parton the best grey
hound in America. He is by Mellor Moor-
Thoughtless Beauty, the latter a noted
Waterloo cup winner. Mr. Nicholls has
been told that his dog Is fast enoush to
lead Palo Alto or any dog In California
to the hare.
THE American Waterloo for thi3
year will be decided at Oklahoma
City on a date yet to be selected.
T. "W. Bartels of Denver, chairman of
the committee havins the Waterloo In
charge, has notified Judge Grace of the
action of the committee. The added
money will be $1023. Whether it will be
an open plains meet or in an inclosed
park is not known on this coast at pres
ent. V
For the First Time a Valu
able Trophy Will Go With
the Rich Coursing" Stake
Whether It WiH Be an Open
or an Enclosed Meeting
Is Not Known at Present
WATERLOO CUP
TO BE DECIDED
AT OKLAHOMA
8BOSTON. Aug. 7.— The British pair. R.
F. and S. L. Doherty. * scored another
point for the International lawn tennl3
trophy to-day by defeating: B. D. and O.
L. .Wrenn. the American pair, threw »eta
to one. before 4000 persons at the Long
wood Cricket Club, the scores being 7-5.
9-7. 2-6. 6-3. The record now stands two
to one In favor of the challengers and to
morrow two matches in doubles will be,
played, but the Americans must win both
to retain the cup,
Britons Again Win at Tennis.
Results at Buffalo.
BUFFALO, N. Y.. Aug. 7.— Grand Cir
cuit summary:
2:20 class pace, purse $1000^ — Tom Keene won
the second and third heats In 2:11. 2U2t*.
Trilby Direct won the first heat In 2:08% 4 .
Funston. Ebony King. Alf Patchen. Geary and
Governor Plngree also started.
2:25 class pace. Frontier stakes, purse $50f>0
— Elastic Pointer won three straight heats in
2:09>.i. 2:13Vi. 2:09%. King Direct. Mary Anna
anil Rush also started.
2:07 class, trot purse- $1000 — Monte Carlo
won two straight heats in 2:(»%, 2:1OV&. The
Roman and Susie J also started.
2:11 class trot, purse $1200— Dr. Strong wan
two straight heats In 2:1.1. 2:11*4. Francs K.
Palm Leaf. Pug and Silver Sign also started.
SEATTLE. Aug. 7.— Summary:
Mile da*h for 2:15 trotters— Marboy won.
Mack Mack second, Chlco third. Time. 2:lfc
Five furlongs— County Down won. Nora «ec
ond Dusty Rhodes third. Time. 1:03X4-
Three and a half furlongs— Queen T won.
Jurige Thomas second, Pat Tucker third. Time,
:*Ui.
Six furlongs — El Chihuahua won. Berendos
second. The Miller third. Time. 1:14%.
One mile and fifty yards — Cambaeeres won.
Oold Finder second, . Burdock third. Time.
Se\*en furlongs— Fontlo won. Teuful second 1 .
July Gyp third. Time. 1:29^-
Five and a half furlonga— Phya won. Step
Around second. Judge Vocrhlea third. Time.
l:0S*i-
Seattle Race Results.
Fifth race — Orris, Lasso, Orpheura.
Sixth race— W.B Gates, Josie F,
Light Opera
Seventh race — Mollie T, Alflo,
Miss West.
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
By the New York Telegraph.
First race — Fugurtha, Zlrl, Orion.
Second race — Ocyrohe, Dr. Cart
ledge, Tom Kiley.
Third race— Una Price, Hindi,
Npweta.
Fourth race — Check Morgan, Mag
Nolin, Wreath of Ivy.
Fourth race, six furlongs, selling. Ozark
stake — Don Alvaro 97, Mafalda 103, Wreath o?
Iry 0<5. Mildred L 99. Wenrick 92, Bugler 8«.
Mas Nolln 102. Check Morgan 94. (Mafalda
and Bugler, T. P. Hayes entry.)
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles, handi
cap — Judge Cantrill S3. South Breeze 8*. Orris
98. Lindenella O.t, Orpheum 90. Lasso $S.
Sixth race — One and three-sixteenth miles,
selling — The Messenger 1C5, Light Opera 103.
W. B. Gates 105, Pirateer 05. Josle F 107.
Seventh race, seven furlongs, selling — Lynch
08. Miss West 101. Orleans 10::. Northern Spy
101. Mollle T 105. Ada N 109. Captain Gas
ton 111. Alfio ft'.t. Oustus 98. Impetuous S9.
Aules 103. Hobart 105.
ST. LOUIS. Aug. 7. — Weather clear; track
slow. Delmar entries:
First race, six furlor.ss. selling — Miss Guldo
104. Step Away 105. Algarette 103. Charles C
107. Zlrl 105. Mike Strauss 107, One More lOCt.
Orion 104. Pav the Fiddler 104, Tlckful 107.
Reducer 104. Fugurtha. 97.
Second race, five and a half furlonrs. sell-
Ing — Tiomalne 95, Sarto Resartus 100. Bur
rows 102. Happy Hooligan 102. Dr. Cartl*ds-»
105. Hugh McGowan 106. Ula Noel 100. Port
Warden 105. Perla 101, Quaker Girl 108, Tom
Kiley 110. Oeyrohe 107.
Third race, one mile and seventy yards, sell
ing—Incidental 103. Approved 101. Hindi »7.
Baronet 103. Axares 102, Weird 1O*. Noweti
*s. San Lution 104 Ktngstelle :»;. Lord Nevllli*
106. Una Prince 99. Morris Volmer 109.
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
HARLEM ENTRIES.
CHICAGO. Aug. .7.— Weather clear; track
heavy. Harlem entries:
First race, six furlongs, selling — Balm of
Gllead 105. Handly Cross 104. Angelo 101. Dr.
Guernsey 100. Worthlngton 100. Safeguard 99.
Dutch Carter 95, Hickory Corners 03. Christine
A 93. Marco 93. Fullback 91 Floral Wreath
90, Miss Manners S8. Albemarle 93.
Second race, four and a half furlongs — FreJ
Leppert 118. Don Domo 115. Blumenthal 113.
Touchstone 110, Clifton Forge 110, Pat Ham
mon 100. Toltec 106. Bell The Cat 106. King
Ellsworth 106. Raffia 108 Fox Lake 103. Gus
Quarles 103. Kleinwood 103. Sunny Brook 100.
Red Bird 100.
. Third race, one mile. Chicago stakes, $2000
added — Telamon 119. Bragg 117. Dick Welles
116. Aladdin 114. Jack Demund 110 John
Bright 100, Wainamoinen 105. Gregor K 108,
McGe« 99. (John Bright and Wainamoinen.
Talbot entries.)
Fourth race, six furlongs, handicap — Hargls
105. The Giver 105. Brulare 105. A. D. Gibson
104. St. Minor 104. Skillful 104. Talpa 102. Paul
Whaley 08. Delagoa OS. St. Tammany 94. Peter
Paul 87.
Fifth race, six furlongs — The Kentuckian 115
Lute 100. • Eva's Darling 100. Bardolph 100."
Beautiful and Best 99, Bard Burns 93 Ivernia
97. Martinmas 96. Alee 95 Sir Christopher 95.
Lovable 03. Bay Wonder 03, Wolfram 93, Bob
Franklin 93.
Sixth race, five and a half furlongs — J p.
Mayberry 110, Glisten 110. Martius 105. Buc
caneer 103.- Elwood 105 Prince Silver Wings
105, Eva Clair 102. Bill Nolan 101. Freckman
101.
Seventh race, one and a quarter miles sell
ing—Our Bessie 104. The Ladaean 103 Jack
Doyle 102. Give All 102. Tufts 100. Kurija 100,
Fox Flyer 100, Compass 100. Moor 97.
HARLEM SELECTIONS.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race — Safeguard, Hickory
Corners, Miss Manners.
Second race — Fred Leppert, Don
Domo, Clifton Forge.
Third race— Dick Welles, John
Bright, Oregor X.
Fourth rac&T-St. Minor, The Giver,
Brulare.
Fifth,race — The Kcntuckian, Wolf
ram, Bardolph.
Sixth race — Prince Silverwings,
Elwood, J. P. Mayberry.
Seventh race — Our Bessie, Moor,
Compass.
clever and at times brilliant game In the
twelfth Inning. In the- ninth, with the score 6
to 3 in favor of Seattle, with two men out and
the bases full and two strikes on him, Kelly
made a two-bagger, driving in all the runners
and tying the ecore; Timely hits and fast base
running' scored- the winning 'run for Seattle.
Score: . \- . . .; -.-. • ¦ :¦' ¦ ¦%
X . .'- • R- H. E.
Seattle .. 0 1 4 0 P 1 O O 0 O 0 t— 7 11 «
San Fran. 0 1001001300 0—6 11 3
Batteries — Semple and Boettlgcr; Hodson and
Kelly.
SOLVE STBICKLETT'S CURVES.
Tacoma Defeats Los Angeles in a
Well-Played Game.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
(Pacific National League.)
W. L. Pet. i W. I*. Pet.
Butte 61 37 .622|San Fran BO 5O .500
Los Angeles. 61 28 .eiS.Tacoma .....42 56 .431
fpokane 58 40 .593 Helena 35 69 .373
Seattle 52 45 .5371 Salt . Lake... 11 23 .324
TACOMA. Aug. 7. — The Tigers played a
stiff uphill game to-day and took the measure
of the Champions. Strlcklett gave them a start
In the fourth, letting In two runs with wild
pitches. After that he was hit hard. Fay's
fielding, a total of twelve chances perfectly
handled. In three of which h* cut off clean
hits, was a feature aside from the umpiring of
Carruthers. Score :
R. H. E.
Los Angeles 2 0 2 0 O 0 O 0 0 — 4 10 2
Tacoma 000 2 03 0 1X — 6 12 4
Batteries— Stricklett and Hildebraml; St.
Vraln and Byers.
SPOKANE, Aug. 7. — Dammann allowed {he
visitors but three hits this afternoon. Pflester
kept the locals down to seven nits. The gam«
was loosely fielded and costly errors helped
swell the run column. Score:
R. H. E.
Spokane 0 1 0 2 2 0 0 1 x— 6 7 4
San Francisco. ..3 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 O-4 3 4
, Batteries — Dammann .and Hanson; Pflester
and Zearfoss. Umpire — Warner.
SEATTLE. Aug. 7. — Hlckey wai steady and
effective with men on bases to-day, . while the
locals pounded Puttmann hard. Score:
R. H. E.
Seattle 1203 020 lx— 9 14 2
Helena 0 0 0 0 0 0 10 0—1 9 0
Batteries — Hlckey and Hurley: Puttmann
and Carrisch. Umpire— Colgan.
BUTTE. Mont.. Aug. 7. — Bad fielding on the
part of Salt Lake to-day gave the gam« to the
Miners. A bunch of^hlts In the first Inning
gave Butte four runs, and thereafter the locals
were at no time In danger. Attendance, 1500.
Score: R H R
Bu tte. ...400202000—8* 10* i
Salt Lake ......000000100—1 10 5
Batteries — Roach and - Swindells; Quick - and
Shea. Umpire — Huston.
SIXTH RACE — One mile and sixty yards;
selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. \ Fin.
t> to ,2— Floyd K, 99 (Wilson) 8 4 1 1»£
I) to 5— Serge. 107 (Helgesen) 4 3 2 2
12 to 1— Mr. Dingle. 99 (Adklns).. 3 13 3
Time. 1:47 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, S. C. Hildreth's b. c. by Pontlco-
Onaetta. Kilmoiie 101. Mezzo 101, Barney
Burk 104, Zepho 101, Lord Melbourne 99. Flor
ence H 93. Sprlngstead 99, Dr. Worth II 106,
also ran.
FIFTH RACE — Five furlonga; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
10 to 1— Malwells, 101 (Miller) 1 a lh
12 to 1— Liberty Bell. 100 (Bonner). 3 12 1
3 to 2— Atlantico, 108 (Waterbury) 5 4 3 1
.Time, 1 :03 2-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. S. L. Carlisle & Ca's b. I. by Pirate
of Penzance-The Henrietta. Taplola 100 Co
dex 100. Miss Mollle 100. also ran. ,
FOURTH RACE — Steeplechase, short course;
handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
7 to 10 — Golden Link. ICO (Carter) .'. 1 1 •-,
7 to 2 — Ceylon. 153 (Hueston)... 2 2 2 5O
30 to 1 — Mr. Rose, 130 (Cairns)... 3 3 3.
Time, 3:39. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner. E. Horton's blk. h. by Dundee-Ruth. Pau
laker 138, Coronatus 132. threw riders.
THIRD RACE— One mile: purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. fi Fin.
.« to 5— Post. Wright. 101 (Bonner) 3 1 1 1}j
ti to 5— S. C. Love. 106 (Wonderly) 2 2 2 4
» to 1— Sioux Chief, 101 (Helgesen) 4 3 3 30
Time. 1:44 2-5. Start good. Won handily.
Winner. J. G. Greener & Co.'s ch. c. by Ornus-
Marale R. Minnie D 1W, also ran.
SECOND. RACE— Six and. a half furlongs;
purse: - . .
Betting. Horse. Weight Jockey." St.' 94 Fin.
7 to 5— McGee. 100 (Helgesen).... 3 3 1 n
4 to 1— Wainamoinen. 107 (Adkns) 4 4.24
12 to 1 — Ancke. 100 (Breedln) S 5 3 n
Time.. 1:22 1-5. Start good. Won driving.
Winner. E. Corrigan's b. c. by White Knlght-
Keraorse. Schwalbe 107. Big Ben 102. Uranium
105. Incubator' 105. Spec 104. also ran.
GHICAGO, Aug. 7.-Postmaster
Wright won the third event at
¦ Harlem .. to-day from Sidney C.
I-ovu, after the pair had run as a team
lor more than' seven furlongs, Love fal
tering In the last few yards. The horses
were equal favorites at 6 to 5 In the bet
ting and both received liberal support.
In the-' second race McGee won from
Wainamoinen by a neck, through the su
perior jockeyship of Helgesen. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; purse:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
9 to 2— Handley Cross 109 (Wdly) 5 111
6 to 1 — Rabunta. 119 (Domlnlck) 12 2 2ft
10 to 1 — M; Tlmberlake. 103 (Bonr) 3 4 3 3
Time, 1:17 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner, T. H. Stephens' b. g. by Sayre-Mary
Wright. Don't Ask Me '107. Schwarzwald 109,
Iceni 109. Blsheka 100. also ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
SIXTH, RACE— One mile: selling:
Betting. Hors^ Weight. Jockey. St. «4 Fin.
7 to 2 — Ida Pentance, 107 (Watson) 4 4 1 h
6 to 1— Extol, 87 (D. Austin) 10 8 2 2
5 to 1— Little Lois, 104 (Sheehan).. 6 6 ;; 2
Time. 1:46*;. Start good. Won drtvlnff.
Winner, J. O'Neill's b. m. by Pirate of Pen
zance-MIss Ida. Our Lady 105 Bon Hemp
stead 104. Dr. Carrlck 109. Emma Meyer 91.
Hegira 94, Helen Hay 91. Baronet 106, also ran.
Time. 1:51 Start good. Won easily.
"Wlnnner. J. K. Hughes' b. m. by Knight El
leralie-Dearest. 1 Know 103, Satin Coat 10S,
also ran.
FIFTH RACE — One ana a sixteenth miles;
purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 2 — Nearest. 98 <A. W. Booker) 1114
5 to 2— Privateer. 100 «F. Smith).. 5 4 2 4
S to 1— Belvino. 108 (Donegan) 4 3 3 2
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; handicap :
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
8 to 5— MIns Golightly, 08 (A. W.
Booker) 1 1 lb
6 to 1— Stand Pat, m (D. Austin). 2 2 2 13
6 to 1— Actlne. ©O (Livingston) 3 3 3
Time. 1:16*4. Start poor. Won driving.
Winner. L. O. Tate ft Co.> b. m. by Loyalist.
Tarantula. Malster 107 left at post.
Time. 1:47^. Start poor. Won driving.
Winner. J. B. Lewman's ch. f. by Fonso-Var
r.a. Ranchman 103. Sister Lillian S3. Juris*
Cantrill 105, Murmur 103. Blando 100, also ran.
THIRD RACE — One mile; purse.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
30 to 1 — Varna Fonso, m (Perkins) I 1 1 n
" to 1 — Hook Se Oka. 105 I Watson) 7 5 1;',
9 to 1— Neversuch. 105 <F. Smith > 8 3 3 1
Tlme.:!WU. Start poor. Won driving. Win
ner. W. Harris & Co.'s b. c. by Prig- Handy
Cup. Dusty Miller 107. The Frisco Line 103.
Glenesher OS. also ran.
SECOND RACE— Four and a half furlong*:
selling.
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. *i Fin.
2 to 1— Haven Run. 107 (Sheehan) 3 S 1 h
5 to 2— Foxy Grndpa. 99 (D.Astn) 4 2 2 n
12 to 1— Sweet Note. 1*8 (C.Bonner) 113 8
The grumbling over this form reversal
had scarcely ceased when bettors were
given another sho<TT<. In the race won
by Miss Golightly there were but four
starters and a volume of. money went in
on Malster. When the barrier rose Mal
ster wheeled and was left at the post.
In the first race the California geldin*
Phil Archibald waa left at the post.
The track was still heavy. Summary:
FIRST RACK— One mile; celling.
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. *I Fin.
12 to 1— Domlnls. 101 (Cormack).. 3 I In
7 to 2 — Goo Goo. HI <Snea> 5 .1 2 «
12 to 1 — Margie S. 102 (Mahon)... 8 5 3 4
Time. 1:47. Start poor. Won driving. Win
ner. 11. Macks blk. h. by Hlmyar-Lady Agnes.
Leila May 86. Legation l>7 Rochester 101. Ben
riara 39. Schedule 101. Basileua 104. Meddle
some lue, Trombo 83. also ran. Phil Archi
bald 10» left at post.
Varna Fonso supplied the surprise of
the afternoon. Heavily backed in a race
yesterday, she came in a distant third,
the race being won by Galanthus In a
gallop. To-day Varna Fonso was entirely
overlooked in the betting and went to the
post at 30 to 1. She led all the way and
In a driving finish beat Hook Se Oka a
neck.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 7.— Although there
was not much class to the card at
Delmar Park to-day, five of the six
races furnished exciting finishes. Miss
Gollghtly won the handicap, the feature
event, by a head from Stand Pat. She,
shot to the front when the barrier was
lifted and lasted Just long enough to win.
after losing muci. ground by turning wide
in the stretch.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Varna Fonso Comes in a
Winner at the Liberal
Odds of Thirty to One
Superior Jockeyship of
Helgesen Causes McGee
- to Outfoof^ Wainamoinen
Heavily Backed Sprinter
at Delmar Wheels Just as
the Barrier Is Released
Postmaster Wright Out
games Sidney C. Love in
Last Few Yards of Race
TWO GALLOPERS
AT HARLEM IN
FIERCE DRIVE
MALSTER LEFT
AT THE POST
IN HANDICAP
PORTLAND. Or., Aug. 7.— Sacramento and
Portland played one of the best games of the
season this afternoon. Portland won in the
ninth Inning on Anderson's single, Blake's long
two-bagger and Casey's fumble of Vlgneux's
hit scoring Blake. Both Cutter ami Thtelman
pitched fine ball. Cutter having the best of it
up to the ninth inning. Score: .
Sacramento ... 0 0 10 0 00 00—1-6* 3
Portland ......0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2— 2 5 1
. Batteries — Cutter and Graham; Thlelman and
Vlgneux. , Umpire— Levy. ,.' ,
• SKA.TTLKL Wash- Ausr. 7. — Seattle, won a
the Ninth.
PORTLAND WINS GEEAT GAME.
Sends Two Men Over the Plate in
THE Cripples came so near being
whitewashed yesterday at Recre
ation Park by their old enemy.
Dr. Newton, that when Francks came
in with the tally which saved them
ho nearly fell down crc he reached the
rubber. It seemed unnatural to make
a run oft Newton. The Angels were flush
with both tallies and hits. Score. 8 to 1.
Those southern club-wielders seemed to
enjoy the brand Dr. Mosklman had and
they alighted on his offerings many times
and often severely. Tho game v/as clean
ly fielded as soon as it was well under
way and "most" of the runs came over
accompanied by many a good solid swat
to the outfields.
As soon as the game was about a min
ute old tho finish of the Oakland bunch
could be easily discerned through the
clouds of many innings yet to como. The
doctor was hit hard and with regularity
from the start. The Angels never let up
on him for any length of time.
Not a chance did the Cripples have* of
getting a run off Newton till the last
Tound, when he eased up Ions enough to
allow Francks and Murdock to single.
Then he forgot himself long enough to
execute a wild pitch. A long fly to deep
center by Schwartz allowed Francks to
sneak in with the Cripples' lone run. Out
of revenge the Angel fielders doubled up
Murdock as he made a dash for the third
cushion. The score: , . " "I/.
Oakland— 1 Los Angelrs —
AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R. H. P. A.
n'Hara.cr 4 0 1 2 O Hoy.cf . . 4 3 2 B 1
Franks,* 4 1 1 2 2 t Whelr.2b 3 2 1 4 .1
Murdk.rf 4 O 3 1 0 Rmlth.Sh "4 12 12
Sc.wtz.3b 4 0 0 4 1; Dillon. Ib 4 0 0 « O
Baxter,2b 4 0 0 1 4!Cravth.rf 5 14 4 0
Mskmn.p 2 0 0 0 B Ross. If.. 5 12 10
Lohmn.c, .1 0 0 11 Toman.s 3 0 0 2 3
Mesrly.lb 3 0 0 13 1 Spies, c. 4 0.0 4 0
Kruger.lf 3 0 0 3 1 Newtn.p 4 0 1 0 2
Totals 31 I 5 27 15 Totals 36 8 12 27 11
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles...... 2 0 0210201—8
Base hits 1 0 0 4 10 3 OS— 12
Oakland 0 00 O 0 0 0 0 1—1
Base hits ...... 1 0 0 1 0 1 0 0 2—5
SUMMARY.
Stolen base— Cravath. Three-base hit — Mur
dock. Errors— Moskiman. Francks. Schwartz,
Toman. Two-base hits— Wheeler. Murdock.
Smith Hoy. Sacrifice hits— Smith. ¦'• Dillon.
Wheeler. First base on errors — Los Angeles
2. First base on called balls — Off Moskiman
s" off Newton 1. Left on bases— Oakland f>,
Lou Angeles 8. Struck out — By Newton 2.
Double plays — Toman to Dillon; Hoy. to New
ton to Smith to Wheeler. Wild pitch— Newton.
Time of game— 1:40. Umpire— O'Connell.
\V. L. Pet. W. L. Pet.
I.os Angeles. 71 42 .«2S Portland 4S 5ft .440
San Fran fiS'51 .f>71 Seattle 4« OX .443
Sacramento .f>9 56 .513 Oakland 50 74 .403
(Pacific Coast League.)
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Newton Eases Up in Ninth
Inning and -Allows Lone
tally to Be Batted In
CRIPPLES JUST
ESCAPE DREAD
WHITE COATING
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. 7.— A cablegram
from Zurich, Switzerland, received here to-day,
announces the death there of Henry S. Louch
helm of the banking firm of H. B. Louchhelm
& Company of this city. He was 70 years of
¦kjre and well known In financial circles.
May Sutton Retains Championship.
j
n
i
m
m
I
¦
M
?
1X)S AJCGELES, Aug. 7.—Two cham
ifonrhip matches were played in the ten
is tourney this afternoon. The finals In
ft»» remaining classes will be played to
orrfli*. Results to-day:
Bell beat Overt on for the championship,
<--n-s open singles class, 6-2. 6-3. 9-7.
M*ti« doubles—Hart and Britton beat
U and J. Donnell. 8-6. 10-12. 6-2.
<"artcr and Bundy b<iat Variel and Heri-
Irlcks. 6-1. 2-6. 6-3.
Jje.e\es' singles—Florence Sutton beat
ay Carter. 6-4. 6-2.
I^adles' singles, championship— May Sut
jsa beat Florence Sutton, 6-l« 6-1 .
. . . - R. . ,H. E.
Boston • .....It 1« l
Philadelphia •• >•¦• 3 10 2
¦ r Batteries— Hughes and ; Criger; Plant, Mc
fl&ci ha n a rul Po war a. ' j ¦¦-' ¦
CLEVELAND. Aug. 7. — Errors predominated
to-day and Cleveland made Detroit a present
of the game. Attendance, 3400.' Score:
. - ¦¦>;'¦ n. H. E.
Cleveland 3 0 ft
Detroit 5 « :;
' Batteries— Joss and Abbott; Kltson and Me-
Guire. . ..¦•'.-• ¦ . , ","--:
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. 7.— Boston batted
the Philadelphia pitchers to-day and easily
won the concluding game of . tho scries. The
fielding of both teams was again of a high
order. Attendance, , 11.201. Score:
forcing in Chicago's only run. Attendance,
20W " 6COn!: R. H. E.
OhicaEo 1 « 3
St. Louis ••"•¦ -3 T 3
Batteries— Flaherty, Patterson and 81attery;
Sudhoff and Kahoe. .
WASHINGTON, Aug. 7.— The officers of
the army on duty In Washington will' call
upon Lieutenant General Miles to-morrow
morning to pay their respects before his
retirement, which occurs at noon to-mor
row.
General Miles Will Retire To-Day
George Dawson was an Interested spec
tator at Corbett's quarters yesterday. He
<-omplImented Jim on his fine condition.
Tommy ftyan wm also present, but did
not Indulge; in the expected boxing bout
with CortK-tL The latter devoted himself
to shadow boxinjf with Berger and to
roughing it with Kenny.
The sale of Feats commenced yesterday
and the demand was heavy. The club
officials know the house will be; the larg
est ever sten In this city. It will surely
pass the 550,000 mark and may reach
160,006.
Betting commenced on the Jeffries-Cor
bet t flgrht yesterday in earnest. The
champion was at once installed a strong
1 to 2 favorite. It Js not expected these
Jigurfs will vary much until the men en
ter the ring 1 .
Thr-re will be considerable betting as to
the numbr of rounds the fight will last.
8s there is a wide difference of opinion
on thi* point.
Jeffries a Strong Favorite.
The, Pacific Coast Polo and Pony Rac
ing Association holds a meeting to-night
to arrange for a winter meet at ' Del
Monte in March and a meet in September.
To-morrow morning a match game of
polo will be played by picked teams from
the north and south. Racing in the after
noon will conclude the association's meet.
Fourth race_ half mife. for ponies — 7\ J.
Carolan'F Fusiladc and H. Newton's Tacna.
Won by Fuisllade. Time. :50 4-3.. Best time
ever made by ponies on Del Monte track.
Fifth rare, half mile, for saddle horses owned
In Monterey County, ridden In Mexican saddles
— Entries. J. P. Fargent's Old Capital, A-
Ric«'s Eldorado. A. J. Molera's Mariner's
Daughter. C. Athllc's Pattie. Pattie was first.
Old Capital recond Mariner's Daughter third.
Time :Jtf 1-5. > _.. .
Sixth event, match race, quarter mile, be
tween R. Hpreckels" Beckey and F. J. Caro
lan's Ronnie. B^ckey won in :23 flat. Best
time ever made on !>•>! Monte track.
Tblrd rare, threp-clxteenthfl of a mile, for
ponies— Kntrie*. <- vi". Clark's Echo. P. Whit
ne>- B Oilqulta R. Kpreckels' Pat. Won by
Pat. Echo Becond. Time :19 flat.
First race, one mil* trotting, best two out
of three heats — The entries were Captain Bar
ne*on'« Morgan. Captain Batchelder's Athavua
and A. R. McKay's Morgan Jr. It was won
by Athavus. Morgan second. Time, 2:32 1-5.
Pecond race, quarter mile, for horses — E. J.
TVieF.ke'g Respirator and R. L. Bettner's M»
t*-ora were entered. Meteora won. Time,
2:11 1-5.
DEL MONTE, Aug. {.—The second day's
racing programme of the Pacific Coast
Polo and Pony Racing Association's an
nual meet, which took place this after
noon, brought out a larger attendance
than was present on the first day*. Great
enthusiasm was manifested in all the
events.
Thoroughbred Pony Runs a Half-
Mile in Fifty and Four-
Fifths Seconds.
CARDIGAN'S FTJSrLAJDE WINS
FAST BACE AT DEL MONTE
«h« haaax. tnrlhnff then rnwii ttvk natt man.
Washington ." 4 , • 0 1
New York :..... 10 12 0
Batteries — Dunkle, Orth and Kittredge;
Howell and Bevllle.
CHICAGO, Aug. 7. — The locals could do but
little with SudhofTa delivery to-day.,' In the
seventh after - two outs Wallace fumbled, filling
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 7.— Dunkle'n miserable
box work before be wu taken out- permitted
New York to win to-day's game and capture
the whole series. Howell wa« batted freely,
but good fielding of the visitors kept the score
down. Attendance, 2100. Score:
R. H. E.
It. H. E.
St. Louis 2 2
Cincinnati 4 11 3
Batteries — McFarland and J. O'Neil; Sudhoff
and Teltx. Umpire — O'Day. ; '¦
New York 0 » 2
Philadelphia 2 7 1
Batteries — Taylor and "Warner; Mitchell and
Dooin. Umpire — Hurst.
BOSTON, Aug. 7. — Brooklyn won the flr*t
game of a double-header from Boston in ten
Innings, but lost the second. Boston made the
first game exciting by tying a seemingly hope
less score. In the ninth, but Malarkey was easy
In the extra Inning, whereas Garvln braced
up. The locals bunched their hits along with
poor playing by Flood toward the end of the,
second game. Attendance, 8200. Scores:
First game— H. H. E.
Brooklyn «' 11 2
Boston 4 H 0
Batteries — 'larvin and Flitter; Pittlnger. Ma
larkey and Moran. Umpire — Kmslle.
Second game — R. H. E.
Brooklyn •• 3 9 1
Boston 6 fl 1
Batteries— Reldy and JaeklitBch; Williams
and Moran. Umpire — Emslle.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 7.— St. Louis' inability to
hit at opportune times cost them the game to
day. McFaxland was hit hard. • eleven hits,
including four triples and a home run, were
made off his delivery. Attendance, 2234. Score:
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
NEW YORK. Aug. 7.— Npw York took both
K»mej» of a double-header to-day from Phila
delphia. In neither contest did the visitors
nhow to any great advantage, their piny be
ing plow. Mathewson was wild, but Taylor
pitched a fine. game. The hitting of Barry
wm the feature of the second game. He made.
a «afe drive each time he came to the bat.
Attendance, 10.487. Scores:
Fln>t gam*— n. H. E.
New York 7 10 '• ¦;¦ 1
Philadelphia 5 » I
Batteries— Mathewson and Warner; Duggleby
and Doom. Umpire — Hurst.
Second game — n. II. E.
Barry's Stick Work the Feature of
a Double Header at New
York.
SAFE HIT EACH TIME
AT BAT IN TWO GAMES
H " # Fan Francisco Scottish bowling
tournament being played on the green
n Golden Gate. Park is drawing near the
• nd. Sixty-four players entered the con
test nearly four months ago and this af
>rnnor. the final Ram<> will be played be
tween George C. Paterson and V. C. Law-
Kin, the president of the club.
Both'conu-etants have reached th«! final,
much to the Furprise of the wiseacres,
who. had predicted thr-ir defeat early iri
the content. They have, however, "per
sistently defeat *»d their opponents at every
round until now they are opposed to each
«ther in the final.
Much speculation is being indulged In
;is to the result, as they are evenly
matched. Th» probability that the game
wJII bo the b*-fit of the Feason •will draw
a* large number of enthusiasts to the
green.
SCOTTISH B0WLEBS MEET
' • IN TOURNAMENT FINAL
Two dozen machines are here now and
a dozen more are expected to-morrow.
All the automoblllsts came over the San
Juan grade, which is a long, hard pull
of three miles from the old mission of
San Juan. A machine belonging to Dr.
Healey broke down a few miles on the
San Jose side of Coyote and was towed
into the depot by Mr. Keenan'n auto.
Thero it was chipped to San Francisco
while Dr. Healey and J. A. Watt took
seats in the tonneau of Mr. Keenan's car.
George Whittell is here and his powerful
40-horsepower Mors machine will reach
hero to-morrow. The automobilists and
their friends will witness the last match
of the polo tournament to-moriow and
will also make trips around Del Monte,
visiting the various points of interest.
Among the automobilists here ere F. A.
Hyde, president of the Automobile Club;
l-j. Courtney Ford, vice president; Colonel
Hammond of Sacramento, A. H. Martin
of San Jose. Dr. Benify, Gay Lombard,
Low Andrews. G. A. Boyer, Caesar Ix>ck
hart, C. C. Moore. E. C. Parrish, B. D.
Merchant of San Jose, P. F. Rockett, J.
D. Spreckels, J. Eastland, Fred C. Hota
ling, Dr. Hcaley, Cuyler Lee, J. B. Keen
an," Dr. D. A. Stapler, C. A. Hawkins,
L. P. Lowe. F. A. Jacobs, Dorvllle Libby,
W. Parker Lyon (president of the Fresno
Automobile Club) w E. E. Pea body, J. Pet
tigrew, W.- Carlson. of Merced and Dr. W.
II. Kellogg:."'
Byron Jackson stopped at Sargents for
the night and will come on to-morrow,
as also will J. Dana and. W. Bradford of
San Jose. .
.; j.
DEL MONTE, Aug. ".—All the
automobilists who left San
Jose this morning arrived this
evening at Del Monte safely
with the exception of W. E.
Knowles and party, who
reached Salinas and will come on to
morrow morninc.
sioner, to-day offered to bet 510.
000 to $5000 that the Reliance would defeat
Shamrock HI. This is the first time odda
have gone to two to one, the betting hith
erto being ten to seven.
ATLANTIC HIGHLANDS, N. J., Aug.
7.— The Shamrocks raced in many kinds
of wind to-day. Running and reaching in
a shifting breeze. Shamrock III outsailed
her pace-maker by two minutes six sec
onds in Balling fifteen miles to the out
er mark, and, beating back, by four min
utes nine seconds, a total of Fix minutes
fifteen seconds elapsed time. The course
was southeast and the start was from the
Scotland lightship.
NEW YORK. Aug. 7.— F. II. Brooks,
acting, it Is said, for a stock ex
change firm as betting commis-
Special Dispatch to The Call
FRED C. HOTAL.ING. WHO IS
AT DEL MONTE WITH THE
AUTOMOBILE CLUB.
First Tace— Hermis, Toscan, Sailor
Knot.
Second race — Tankard, Woolgath
erer, r>aryl. /
Third race — Inflexible, Gallant,
Broomstick.
Fourth race — Gimcrack, Charles
Elwood, Whorler.
Fifth race — Lowcut, Stumpy, The
Lady Rohesia.
Sixth race— 'Gold Bell, Trinity
Bell, Florham Queen.
By the New York Telegraph
SARATOGA SELECTIONS.
Sirth race, one «nd ¦ sixteenth mile*, 3
yeer-olds and up. selling — Florham Queen 01
Gold Bell 98. Rostand 103, Taws Book 84. Car
buticle 10$, Lowly R4. Locket Pti, Cottage Maid
JTO. Trinity Bell 90. Star and Garter 8" St.
•Sever W3, Moaketo 00.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs. 2-year
olds, selling — War Times 100. Auf Wleder
**>hen !>7. Lady Aananlas 84, Stumpy 04, Lowcut
94. Ascetic 102. The Lady Rohesla 104, Silver
nieaoe 101. Sweet Tone 101. Excentral »4, SaJlor
Knot 1C7. Sir Walt 07. Red Man fM».
Fourth race, cne and an eighth mile*, the
$lO.0Ort Travel?. fr>r 3-year-ol.ls— The Ticket
129, Hurstbourne 120. Slave 111. Sir Voorhirs
111. Charles Elwood 129. Ada Nay lOti, Gim
crack 111. Reliable 126. Whorler 12I>.
Second race, steeplechase handicap, full
course, 4-year-olds and up— Tankard 140, Wool
gatherer 142. Daryl 139.
Third race, the Saratoga Special for 2-year
old?, five ard a half furlongs — Long Shot 122.
Tippecanoe 122. Gallant 122. Magistrate 122.
Delhi 122. Raglan lift. Aristocracy 122. Box
wood 122. Jamff V 122. Ormonde's Right 12"J,
Crown Prinze 123, Inflexible 122, Stalwart 122,
Broomstick 122.
First race, peven furlongs', for all age?, han
dicap — Hermis 12«J. Major Daingerfleld 124, Un
masked 11*. Iiigodon 112. Toscan 1<X», Stamping
Ground 1OS, Syrlin It*. Forward 97, Sailor
Knot S7.
SARATOGA. Aug. 7.— Weather clear; track
heavy. Entries:
SARATOGA ENTRIES.
Wall Street Man Ready to
Place $10,000 Against
$5000 on Yacht Reliance
OFFERS WAGER
OF TWO TO ONE
ON DEFENDER
Danny Sullivan secured a decision over
Jimmy L-ittle after four rounds of fast
•:phting at the Lincoln Athletic Club's
shew last evening. Sullivan is about to
turn professional, but if he does not fight
better he will never startle the natives
; bis prowess. Although stronger than
Little, he was unable to put the Olympic
¦ man out. Sullivan earned the de-
S' r. but was kept busy all the way.
• Bob Lundie and Jim Linegar battered
ther for, four rounds. When the
-rr.-.k- of battle had cleared, Lundie was
given the decision. This was Lundie's
r-r a , p<^.rance in the arena and he made
good. Jack Hyland and Dick Cullen at
tcszpted to adrnintefT love taps, but were
tssed into fighting by the crowd. Hy-
Land'wu too clever for Cullen and won
:-.: he r'^ased.
' k Mortality and Joe Podesta cut
•• itfe swathes in the smoky atmosphere.
At the end of the fourth round Moriarity
v. c:s declared thp winner. George Klliis
was fouled by Jack Hughes in the second
"iind and was declared the winner.
lughea was his superior and would have
won in another round. Overanxlety to
!;r;ish Ki!is Jr-j-t him th* fruits of victory.
"William Stewart, a husky sailor, who
Hilod a full ripjred ship on his chest,
<¦ : < •¦ kr <i out Harry 'Jates in one round.
BOXES STJIXIVAN DZFZATS
LITTLE IN FOUR BOUNDS
SIXTH RACE — One mile; purse — Conundrum
113 (O'Neill), had a walkover.
FIFTH RAf'E — PurFe; maiden two-year-olds;
five and a half furlongs:
Betting. Horse. Weight Jockey. St. *i Fin.
* to 5 — Avenger 114 (Hick?) 1113
ft to 1— Dutiful. 114 < Bullman).... 2 3 2 4
8 to 1— Van Esher. 114 lO'Uelll). . . 4 2 3 2.
Time. 1:16 3-5. Start poor. Won easily-
Winner. T. Hitchcock ir.'u b. c- by Requital -
Madalainf-. I^on«jiur 114, Wayfarer 114. Otto
Stiefel 114. Exclamation 111, also ran.
FOURTH RACE- Selling ; one mile:
Betting. Horse. Weight Jockey. St. a. Fin.
4 to 1— Stroller. 85 .McCafferty). 2 113
11 to r>— Vlncennes IO4 fO'Xeill).. 1 ?. 2 n
11 to 5 — Setauket. 104 (Fuller).... 4 4 38
Time. 1 :5O 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. J. Flelschmann's br. g. by Ornament-
Prorr.cnade. Birchbroom 9ft, also ran.
THIRD RACE — Handicap; two-year-olds; five
¦ nd a half furlong* : ,
Betting. Horse. Weight Jockey. St. «i Fin.
.T to 1— Montrefon 118 rRedfern). 5 2 14."
7 to 1— Golden Drop. 116 (Fuller) 3 12 4
13 to 5 — Toledo. 122 (Bums) 1 4 3 \
Time. 1:14, Start poor. Wen easily. Win
ner. R. T. WiUon Jr.'s ch. c. by Ornament-
Ada II. Bareful 123. Blackamoor 112. Cham
plain 120. also ian.
SECOND RACE — Handicap: one and an
fltrhth milfg:
Batting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
7 to .1 — Surmise, 123 (Bullman). 2 115
U io 20 — Htms*lf 120 (Odom) C\ 2 2
Time. 2:10. Start poor. Won pulled up.
Winner. H. J. Morris" br. h. by Sir Dixon-
Conjecture.
SARATOGA. Aug. ".— W. C. Daly's
name was on every tongue to-day
after the second race, when his
horse Himself was beaten by Surmise In
time so slow that it was regarded as a
joke to chronicle It. Himself was a 1 to
2 favorite in the early betting, but sharp
shooters who were in the paddock and
saw that he had a sore under the girth
that caused him to rear and plunge
hastened to the betting inclosure and laid
against him, so that his price at the close
v.as 13 to 20. Surmise won easily by five
lengths in the farcical time of 2:10 f or v a
mile and a furlong. ' *
To-day's rac'ng was probably the worst
ever seen at the Spa, and it is doubtful if
its like will ever be seen here again. In
one race there were but two starters; in
another scratches left it a walkover for
one horso. In all of the other races the
winners were never extended, each event
being in the nature of a procession. Race
goers are expecting to be compensated to
morrow, when a remarkably high-class
card will be offered, bringing out the
stars of all ages. Among the starters will
be Hermis and The Picket, winner of the
American Derby. The Picket has not
started since his famous victory, and
Eastern turfmen are anxious to see him
hook up with celebrities of the metropoli
tan tracks. Summary:
FIRST RACE— gelling: three-year-oMs ami
upv.ard: Fix furlongs:
Betting. Horse. Weight Jockey. St. \ Fin.
? to 1— Highlander, 113 (Redfrn) 4 115
15 to 20— Duelist. 107 < Fuller) 1 3 2 3
3 to 1 — Gloriosa. H4 <McCafferty> 2 2 :i 4
Time. 1 :20 l!-5. Start rood. Won pulled up.
Winner. R. T. Wilson Jr.'s h. c. by Ben
Strome-Henrletta. Caledonlte 10C. Earl of
Warwick 1C9 Kentucky Rose 91 also ran.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
couple of hours in the gymnasium, where
«juite a crowd watched him keep up a ter
rific tattoo with Ihe punching bag. In the
a/frnoon th<» big fellow captained a base
ball nine which defeated the nine, of Joe
Kennedy by a score of 2S to 17. The fea
ture of the pame was the kicking at the
umpire's decisions, and John Mareovich
*ays he has made his last appearance on
th<? diamond.
F. E. MULHOLLAND.
Next followed the boxers. Jeffries first
s-parred three rounds with Fitzsimmons.
The work cut out was so fast that Fitz
was well winded at the finish. The men
were cramped for space, but the cham
pion showed to be fast, both with hands
and on his feet. Fitz finding It difficult to
'¦Hher sidestep or duck his rushes. Joe,
Kennedy, always a favorite with the fair
fex, set a merry pace for Jeff, the bout
eliciting frequent applause. Jack Jeffries
has too frequently tested the force of the
champion's blow? and sparred cautiously.
as usual. Dancing concluded the enter
tainment.
On Thursday morning Jeffries spent a
There was no chance to beat the door.
us Jeffries sold tickets and Kitzsimmons
collected at the door. The sum of $125
was realized, which was divided equally
between George Nutter and Mrs. Stuart,
wife of the deceased stape driver, "Jim"
Stuart. Mrs. Stuart was left in straitened
circumstance* and is lying ill at the hotel
hrr*. The horseshoe made by Bob Fitz
rirr.mons was won by Mrs. Dan Hcrgan
«f Oakland and added $T>0 to the box office
receipts. Mrs. Morgan is a woman ef
mature year? and in making the presen
tation Jc»> <Kid) Eagan wished the speci
men of .Fitzsimmons might bring her all
sorts of good luck.
First on the programme was a piano
duet, the excellent playing of Miss Nellie
Hayes and Miss Anne Tully receiving a
tiearty encore. Later in the evening Miss
Tully was heard to advantage in an Ital
ian love sonjr. W. G. Barr followed in a
piano solo. L.. K. Beban put the audience
in a good humor with some comic eongs,
find J. Campbell of Vallejo rendered two
J^allads with a pleasant tenor voice. The
musical part of the card was concluded
by Mrs. Robert Fitzsimmons. who was
thrice recalled.
HARBIN SPRINGS, Aug. 7.-The
benefit performance held at Mu
. sic Hall on Thursday night was
a great success, standing room only be
ing the order. The musical features were
especially gnod and the wind-up with the
Kloves between Champion Jeffries and
his sparring partners. Bob Fitzsimmons,
Jack Jeffries ar.d Joe Kennedy, was lively
enough to give those rresent a taste of
what the eport really was. Jeffries
?-merged from the bouts with a pwollen
lip and a slight cut on the bead, caused
\<y a collifion with the hard pate of his
brother.
Work Is Fast Enough to Give
the Spectators a Taste
of the Champion's Quality
Himself Is Beaten by .Sur
mise in Ridiculous Time
at a Mile and a Furlong
Numerous Scratches and
One-Sided Contests Mar
the Sport at Saratoga
Takes on Bob Fitzsimmons,
Kennedy and Brother Jack
in Succession at Harbin
JEFF APPEARS
IN A BOUT AT
CHARITY SHOW
CROWD AT SPA
SEES MEDIOCRE
RACING EVENTS
JEFFRIES INSTALLED A ONE TO TWO CHOICE OVER CORBETT
AUTOISTS REACH DEL MONTE
WITHOUT SERIOUS MISHAP
Club Members and Guests Settle Down to the Enjoyment of the
Monterey Roads, and Scenery— Will - Witness Big Polo Game
Tp-Day Between the Burlingame and Santa Barbara Teams
THE SAN FRAKCieCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 8, 1903.
9Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
. . ' Friday. Auguet ' 7.
Ptmr James Dollar, Thwtnr.' 74 hours from
Seattle.
Stmr Grace Dollar, Olsen. '+?• hours from
San. Pedro.
MISfTELLANEOUS.
The pilot boat Lady Mine,' which arrived In
port to-night, reports ° the bark . Homeward
Bound, from Antwerp ¦ for San Francisco, off
the Hshtfhiy with dlRabled rudder. ~ ¦
,-DOMESTIC PORT.
PORT BDAKELET- Sailed ' Aur ' ' 7— Schr
Blakeley, Icr Molkndo,
Bohannon Is Irresponsible.
, D.t E.Bohannon, for whose arrest a
warrant was issued on July 27 on the
charge of attempting to extort money by
letter # from W. E.Baine.s of the Central
Stock and Grain Exchange, surrendered
himself to the .police yesterday, afternoon.
He was 1 taken before- Police Judge Ca
banlss, and at the request of Baines' at
torney _ he was released on hjs , own . re
eognlzanceand the case will be dismissed
this morning. ] Baines' attorney said that
Bohannoa was Irresponsible and there
was no desire to prosecute him.
Carpenter Falls From a Staging.
Percy Bucklsnd, a carpenter residing at
911 Taylor street, , while standing on a
staging on a new building at Shrader and
Oak streets . yesterday was precipitated
to the ground, a distance- of forty feet.
He was taken to the Park Emergency
Hospital and afterward transferred to the
Central Emergency Hospital, where he
was attended' by. Dr. Armlstead for se
rious and probable fatal' injuries. He sus
tained a broken ' shoulder bladel- wounds
of the lower Jaw, hemorrhage of the left
ear, contused wounds over the , liver on
the right side, internal Injuries and a pos
sible fracture of the base of the skull,
which may prove fatal. The staging ;Upgn
which Buckland was standing parted in
the center, permitting: himself and one
more to 'drop.' Theotheryman- escaped
without Injury.
Thirty Years in the State.
Rabbi Levy, of the Geary-street Temple^
will celebrate' the thirtieth anniversary
of his arrival in this State to-day. There
will be special services in the temple. In
which all of the Jewish clerygmen of the
city and several of the visiting rabbis will
take part. Rabbi Levy is the oldest Jew
ish clergyman on the coast and is still
hale and hearty after these long years of
labor in various parishes.
a. H. WHEELAN DISCUSSES
ENGLISH-SPEAKING PEOPLES
Says American and British Flags
Will Ever Lead in Cause
of Progress.
The British and American Union as
sembled last^veninp at the Academy of
Sciences Hall, the attendance being ex
ceptionally large.. Dr.- d'Evelyn. presided
and In his opening address,' speaking for
the British and American . Union, he
begged to offer their -kinsmen who '. la
ment | Leo -""as the head of their church
their deep sympathy and respect. . Dr.
d'Evelyn paid a high tribute to Leo" XIII.
saying he had won the veneration of the
entire civilized world. ...
' Austin Lewis spoke on ."The New Im
perialism." his remarks winning loud ap
plause. Fairfax H. Wheelari chose for
his subject "Progress and; the English-
Speaking Peoples.*' .. ; • . -
The speaker ¦ traced • the . progress of
England : and : described step by .step the
laws which she had made andwh'ich, he
said, had , been the foundation of liberty,
of humanity and progress. In the:cause
of liberty, he said, . the flags . of '¦. the • Unit
ed States and Britain would^ever wave
side by side and would be in the van, lead-
Ing together in the progress and peace' of
thV world. ¦ •
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND.- Aug. 7.— The following
marriage licenses were issued to-day:
Thomas R. McKay. 22. San Francisco
and Emily Tamm, 20. Oakland: John Jon
sen Jr.. 24. and Camila D. White, 20. both
of San Francisco; IJiels Thogerson, 30
and Hilda M. Carlson, 19, both of Eu
reka; Jonas H. Roher. 31. and Belle P.
McLean, both of Oakland; Joseph Aug
ust, over 21, and Olive Walburn, over IS,
both of Fruitvale.
At the end of a hard <Jay. when you
look over your work, how. little you have
accomplished!
In the damag* ra5# of Mrs. Maud Van
P.uren against the Mountain Copper Com
pany, limited, to recover damages for the
«Jrath of her husband. Messr*. J. -C. Camp
bell and George O. Perry Introduced wit
nesses yesterday In the United States Cir
cuit Court to prove that the dangerous
condition of th*» stope In which John Van
Buren was killed was known to the of
ficers °f 'he company.
One of the most important witnesses on
this point was George A. Fayle. He tes
tified that at 10 o'clock ou the njght of
March 1 3, 1901. he -was working Jn the
Ta'jal Ftope and at that hour he and the
remainder of the^gang- knocked off work
and went to supper. When they returned
to the stope they found that a consider
able quantity of rock had fallen through
the lagging. The shift boss. Paul Ed
wards, thereupon ordered them to an
other part of the mine, and when they
had been working about ten minutes Ed
wards ran In. exclaiming: "My God. boyB,
it haa happened!" He referred' to the
cave in the stope where Van Buren and
his seven companions lay buried.'- ..:•/
Other witnesses testified to facts tend
ing to show a similar knowledge on the
part of the company'* employe* as to the
unsafe place In which Van Buren was
working. " -
Evidence Against the Copper Com
pany in the Suit of Maud
Van Buren.
WITNESSES SWEAR THAT
STOPE WAS DANGEROUS
Michael Arndt. a sailor, living at 422
Drumm Ftr^et. was held up' by two men
at Broadway and Montgomery street
early yesterday morning. He was struck
on the forehead with a blunt Instrument
and knocked down.' The footpads' took
110 out of his pockets. ' .
A car of the Mission and-Kea*rny Ptreets
line was parsing at the time-and J. Men
gel, the conductor, and J. I.,. Stoddard. the
motorman. stopped the car and ran to
Arndt's assistance. The footpads ran
aiong Broadway, pursued by the two car
men, and disappeared along Sansome
street. The carmen were able to give a
good description of them.
Policeman Silver was notified and -lie
pent Arndt to the Harbor Hospital,
where an ugly wound over his left eye
was stitched and dressed. Arndt had
been drinking and was on his .way . home
when attacked. .V
Two Streetcar Men Chase Them,
but They Succeed in Making,
Their Escape.
FOOTPADS KNOCK DOWN '•
AND i ROB A SAILOR
May Boot, who was accused by Mrs.
Hazel Brown, or as she Is known on the
stage. Hazel Spaulding. an actress at
Fischer's Theater, of stealing clothing
valued at 5S0 from 334 O'Farrell street
on July 17. was arrested by Detective
Harry Braie last evening and charged
with grand larceny. The missing cloth-
Ing has been located in a house at New
man, Stanislaus County, and will be
brought to this city. V V V
Miss Root is a third cousin of Carl
an engineer, who was recently
married to the complaining witness. Miss
Root entered the household and the cloth-
Ing disappeared. There peems to be a
disposition on the part of Mrs._Brown to
dismiss the charges and let the matter
drop, but the police will prosecute.
Said to .Have Robbed Actres3.
'The proceedings were dismissed on mo
tion of the attorney for the Administra
tor, who was satisfied that they had a live
man to deal _ with. . .... .
Still in the flesh, 1 - James Quinn. upon
whose estate Public Administrator Gray
had petitioned for letters of administra
tion under the supposition that he was
dead, appeared in court to-day to fore
stall any move toward^lacing him in the
category with the great majority.
He was supposed to have been burled
in the potter's field at the County In
firmary and it occasioned considerable
surprise when it was discovered that he
had an. estate valued at $2500. No time
was lost by the Administrator and prepa
rations were being made to have his re
mains given a more respectable resting
place when Quinn appeared.
It now transpires that James had
a double that caused all the confusion.
He died- and was : buried" fast , erjough,
while "the other was away. * It was some
time before the purported estate of Quinn
was found and the-pauper placed In the
list of respected citizens. Then came the
unmasking. Quinrisaw the notice of the
discovery of his fortune and he was
drawn out of his retreat' and ;to-day was
in-court to see that' none -of It went
astray.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Aug. 7.
There have been several disagreements
between the Judson Company and Its em
ployes at different times, but none of them
have ever assumed very great propor
tions, and this Is one of the most serious
strikes that the company has ever ex
perienced. All of the different depart
ments of the company^ works at Emery
ville are run upon, strict ; Eastern union
rates and wages except the rolling mill.
The employes In this department com
municated with their Eastern unions and
discovered that the men at the Judson
Works were being paid from 2 to 4 cents' a
ton less than in the East. Two weeks
ago they formulated a. new 'schedule,
based<i:pon the Eastern rates, and sub
mitted it to the managers of the com
pany. The new schedule was'refusedrand
thereupon the men in the roling mill de
partment walked out.
There has been no trouble at the works,
and all' other departments are at work
as usual. It Is not likely that. the strike
will be a protracted one, and the indica
tions are that It will be settled very
shortly. . . . : .
The rolling mill employes of the Judson
Manufacturing Company have quit work
to the number of nearly 200 owing to. a
disagreement between the Amalgamated
Association of Iron, Steel and Tin Work
ers and the? managers of the company.
The disagreement is over the amount of
payment per ton of manufactured goods,
the question of hours not being In dis
pute.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
I11S Broadway. Ausr. 7,
Strike in the Rolling
Department of the
Judson Works.
Grasp of Administrator
Brings Quinn Among
the Quick.
The State Board of Health has issued
a circular calling attention to the fact
that rats spread disease and advising
their destruction. The communication
states that Investigation has shown that
rodents are one of the most prolific causes
of the spread of disease; that they 'are
filthy in their mode of life and migratory
in their habits. The circular continues:
We often wonder how a family contracted
diphtheria or scarlet fever or some other con
tagious disease. There is no doubt that often
times this 1* the explanation: Rats hav* come
In contact, with the perms in some place and
brought them to the house. We often se« chil
dren take fruit that has been gnawed by rats,
bite out the patt, then eat the rest. In this
way th? disease is taken d'rect. More often
the fferms are left as duet, which rises by
sweeping or even walking on the floor and are
breathed in with the. air. ,
A united systematic effort should be made
to kill them off. City and town authorities
should take up the work, but It should not be
left to them alone. Every family should trap
and nolson them until there. Kre none left. A
war of extermination should be waged against
them, and many a dear one saved from the
grave. Poisoning can be safely done, and the
health officers of the State will be glad to give
instructions for thos* who wish it. We can
not urge, too cuongly upon the poople. espe
cially of the cities, to rid themselves of this
great danger.
State Board of Health Issues Circular
Asking for Destruction of
Rodents.
START CRUSADE AGAINST
GERM-SPREADING RATS
Secretary Makes Report.
Th*e monthly report for July of the So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children shows the excellent work which
that society has performed. The report
for July. as. compared with that for June,
shows an Njcrease of more than thirty
complaints received, and of children in
volved more than forty. The report for
the last month is as follows;
During th* month of July there were: Com
plaints received, llfi; complaints Investigated,
1<*1; number of children involved. 22t»: number
-^>f prosecutions. «; number of convictions. 5;
number of dismissals. 1 by Consul: number of
rases waitlnK sentence. '&; number of cases
pending trial ; number of children re
lieved. 100: number of children placed In Insti
tutions. 12: number of children placed In fami
lies. f>: number of children returned to parents
cr guardians, t; number of people to whom
advice or Information was Riven riot included in
above. 27; number of persons and families vis
ited In making Investigations. 10$; number of
persons warned. 0.
The proportion of policemen to popula
tion is one to 307 in Paris; one to 40S in
Lopdon, and one to 45S In New York.
Policeman J. C. Stelzner. who. on July
15 last, heroically saved the life of five
year-old Charley Clark, who was In peril
of being crushed beneath a Geary-street
car. will be presented with a bronze
medal by the Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Children. It Is a great
honor to be the possessor of one of the
society's medals* as they are given only
in most deserving cases. Only two of th<*
medals have been given out In this city
in the past three years.
Will Receive Bronzs Medal.
The guests were Introduced to the vari
ous departments and were also invited to
Inspect th*e gymnasium, after which sup
per was served on the third floor of the
building.
Strickler received a hearty welcome and
between felicitous speeches J. W. El
liott rendered vocal selections and C. E.
Robson's orchestra discoursed an overture
and several operatic and popular selec
tions.
A great crowd attended a reception
given to Howard M. Strickler, the new
physical director of the Young Men's
Christian Association, last night at the
association building. General Manager
McCoy presided and in introducing
Strickler spoke of his labors In the East
in the branch of work for which he had
been engaged by the association in this
city.
PHYSICAL DIRECTOR' MEETS
.WITH A HEARTY WELCOME
During the two weeks beginning July T.
and ending August 7. United States Court
Commissioner Heacock tried fourteen
Chinese habeas corpus cases. Of these
eleven were recommended for deportation
and three were declared to be natives of
the United States, and therefore not with
in the provisions of the exclusion act or
immigration laws. The Government was
represented In all the cases by Duncan
E. McKinlay. The large proportion of
failures has discouraged the^ Chinese law
yers, and there has been a marked fall
ing off In the number of habeas corpus
writs being applied for.
Chinese in Bad Luck.
IRON WORKERS
QUIT TIE MILLS
OAKLAND. Aug. 7.— Louis E.
Flemming, superintendent of fire
alarm and police telegraph, was
removed from his position by the
Board of Police and Fire Com
missioners this afternoon. George R.
Babcock. a prominent electrical engineer
of this city, was elected to the office. The
action was on unanimous vote of the
three members. /
The board listened to the reading of a
communication from Flemming, in which
he requested that a hearing be given him
before action was taken in his case. After
Secretary Fawcett had completed the
reading President J. E.. McElroy of the
board announced:
"The board has considered the subject
matter of this communication and it will
be filed."
That Flemming has been slated for dis
missal has been current gossip at the
City Hall since the present administration
assumed office. Trouble arose very early
during the term because of objectidhs
that were made by Chairman John L.
Howard of the Council Auditing and Fi
nance Committee to the way Flemming
carried on the work of his department.
The principal complaint was with relation
to irregularities in the records of city
COMES TO LIFE
TO SAVE MONEY
Mr. Babcock, the new appointee, is a
graduate of the Oakland public schools,
and is 22 years old. For eleven years he
has been engaged with the largest elec
trical corporations in the State in various
departments. He resides at 1218 Webster
street. Mr. Babcock was notified this
afternoon of his appointment. Concerning!
it, he said that he would make no prom
ises further than to give the citylhe ben
efit of his best effort.
Flemming was quietly invited to resign
a week ago, but he refused to step out.
He demanded that the board give him a
hearing.
lighting, which were in Flemming's
charge.
As superintendent of the city's electri
cal department he was supposed to keep
aij accurate account of the unused lights,
as ¦ reported monthly by the Police De
partment, and to ,'make deductions for the
benefit of the city lighting funds.
Examination of the accounts satisfied
city officials that the records were Im
properly kept. No charges affecting
Flemming's integrity were made, but a
quiet investigation so convinced the board
that they decided to exercise their pre
rogative and make a change in the head
of the department.
Flcmmlng has insisted that' he is
blameless and that he* followed estab
lished methods;
PROMINENT ELECTRICAL ENGINEER WHO HAS BEEN APPOINTED
SUCCESSOR OF LOUIS E. FLEMMING AS SUPERINTENDENT OF
THE OAKLAND FIRE ALARM AND POLICE TELEGRAPH PLANT.
The police have been searching for
Frederick "W. Lewis, a young man who
has been obtaining goods from Jewelers
and opticians on the get-rich-qulck prin
ciple. He had an office in the Parrott
building and represented himself as a
manufacturing Jeweler and optician and
agent for several Eastern firms. He left
his office last Saturday, saying he was go
ing on a business trip to Portland, and
when a check which he gave that day
was returned on Monday marked "no
funds" the police were notified.
Six local firms have reported an aggre
gate loss of about 52000, but it i» not yet
known whether he has succeeded in ob
taining consignments from Eastern firms
on the strength of a credit which he se
cured by peculiar methods. Detective
Whitaker was detailed on the case, but
has been unable to find any trace of
I^ewis. Captain Martin says It Is purely
a case for the civil courts and if Lewis
were found he did not know what he
could be charged with.
Obtains Goods From Jewelers and
Others Without Paying
for Them.
POLICE SEARCHING FOB
GET-RICH-QTJICK MAN
Attorney Joseph Coffey appeared before
thfi Board of Fire Commissioners yester
day afternoon and demanded a copy of
the charce* recently filed against his
client, P. O'Connell. the stableman who
was recently suspended by Engineer Sul
livan on charges of disobeyance of or
ders. Commissioners Parry and Maes
tretti voted not to supply the papers.
Commissioner Watt was In favor of do-
Ing so, but Commissioner Barrett refused
to vote, so the case was laid over till the
next meeting.
O'Connell's case is now before the Su
perior Court. He was suspended for re
fusing to obey an order transferring him
from duty in the corporation yard.
Chief Sullivan made several requests to
the board for lleht services and addi
tional fire boxes throughout the city, all
of which were laid over till the next
meeting.
Stableman Who Was Suspended
Wants Fire Commissioners to
. Furnish Copy of Charges.
O'CONNELL'S DEMAND
NOT COMPLIED WITH
Lieutenant Courtney, accompanied by
Lieutenant Edle, called at the Tevls villa
by invitation, and it is asserted that the
latter sat on the arm of a chair wh^eh
Miss Baxter was occupying. Whether he
accidentally lost his balance and fell
against Miss Baxter Is not stated. Lieu
tenant Courtney declared to the court of
Inquiry that his friend meant no discour
tesy to his hostess.
Mrs. Tevls and her sister went before
the naval inquisitors and gave their ver
sion of the call made upon them by Lieu
tenants Courtney and Edie.
The insult alleged to have been offered
by Edie to Mies Baxter, and, through
her to her married sister, was In itself
trivial and would never have been known
save to a small circle but for the nar
rowly averted duel between the naval
officer and^Viltsee at the Kebo Valley
Club. Everybody agrees that the two
men nearly came to blows and were dis
cussing another means of settling: their
differences when they were separated by
mutual friends.
BAR HARBOR, Aug. 7.— Acting Secre
tary of the Navy Darling, according to
advices from Washington, has not yet
been informed by Captain Emery of the
battleship Indiana as to the finding of the
naval board that haa inqhtred into the
charges of conduct unbecoming an officer
preferred against Lieutenant John R.
Edle. As the Indiana and other war ves
sels have sailed away on the naval ma
neuvers it is impossible to learn what ac
tion the board of Inquiry has taken. Er
nest A. Wiltsee, the young Colorado mil
lionaire, who is said to be engaged to
Mrs. Hugh^Tevis, left here early to-day
for New York. -
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Rear Admiral- George. C. Remey, the
ranking officer of his prade, wiU'be re
tired Monday. . Since May. 1902. he has
been chairman of the lighthouse board.
He will be succeeded In that office by
Rear Admiral John J. Read. •
Th» lieutenant central has faith that under
¦ II cln-umstanres the army will maintain its
high character. »nd that Its future will b*
a* honorable and glorious as ha* been its
history In the past. Hli earnest solicitude and
h**t wishes will *>ver follow ths fortunes of
the army. NELSON A. MILES.
Lieutenant General. Commanding.
The evt-nts of rec-nt yearn hav* placed uprn
the army a new obligation and an opportunity
for a broader rxempllflcatlon of tt*t country'*
principles. . The United Ptates army Is now
brought into dally communication with mil
lions of people to whom Its Individual mem
bers of every grade are th* exponent* of
American civilization. A s'riotie duty and a
great honor are now presented to e\»ery officer
and i-oldler. namely, to exemplify to those
with whom he comes In contact our country's
principle* of equal »nrl exact Justice. Immu
nity from violence, equality before the law
and the y-fnr^Tul us" and po^sfFslon of his own.
Marked change* at different tfm»s hav» oc
curred in the utrensrth and organization of the
army, resulting from diverse influences, and
various fxperiment* have- been trl»d. Time
has rectified- errors In the past and will do eo
In the future.
All honorable activity and life for the army
must exist within the well-defined lines of
patriotism., untarnished honor, sterling integ
rity. Impartial Justice, obedience to rightful
authority and Incessant warfare against arm
ed enemies. Always to maintain truth, honor
and Justice requires the highest moral courage
and is equally as Important as fortitude In
battle. Drill, discipline and instruction are
but preparatory for the perfection and ef
ficiency of the army.
In th» discharge of Its manifold duties the
army has confronted enemies representing ev
•ry stage of human development, from the
highest civilization yet obtained to savagery
and barbarism. It has ever been its duty
to observe In war those chlvalrlc and humane
principles by which Inevitable horrors are so
greatly mitigated, while by unyielding prose
cution of warfare egalnst armed forces its
valor has been demonstrated.
Since Its organization the army has been
charged with a great variety of responsibilities,
all subordinate to defending the country and
maintaining the rights of Its citizens.
The commander* of the army succeeding
Washington have, by their example. Influence
and orders, engendered and maintained the
highest degree of efficiency, discipline and pat
riotism.
During the darkest hours of our history the
first commander of the American forces dem
onstrated the grandeur and nobility of his
character by combating the evil Influences
then pervading the army ard by manifesting
the etrongest confidence and faith In the ulti
mate Justice and integrity of his government.
His words of wisdom uttered at Newburg 12<>
years ago hadi the influence of Inspiring
"unexampled patriotism and patient virtue,
rising superior to the pressure of the most
complicated sufferings." It is one of the glo
ries of our country that the army has main
tained those principles for more than a cen
tury.
WASHINGTON'S INFLUENCE
Unswerving devotion to our Government and
the principles upon which it was established
and has been maintained Is essential to the
efficiency of the national forces, and especially
i* this so in a democratic government, where
the Individual, In order to be a perfect soldier,
must first be a true citizen. The boast that
every soldier of a great' nation carried a mar
shal's baton in his knapsack Is In a higher
sense mure than equaled in significance by the
fact that every American scldier personifies
sovereign citizenship and may by his own con
duct exemplify impartial Justice to those who
have never experienced it and the results of the
highest liberty to those who have been
Strangers to it. thereby aiding to secure for his
country a moral influence not otherwise at
tainable.
The time and occasion are considered oppor
tune for expressing to the army a few thoughts
concerning its past and that which may affect
its future welfare. It Is from the beat lm
presElons and influences of the past that the
most desirable results may be realized In the
future.
In relinquishing the command of the army
of the United States, to which he was as
signed by the President October 2. 18U5, he
h«reby acknowledges his appreciation of the
fidelity manifested by the officers and soldiers
during the past eventful years.
To those who were hie companions and as
sociates during one of the greatest of all wars
he takes pleasure in expressing his gratifica
tion that they have lived through the trials
and dangers of long service to witness the re
sults of their fortitude, heroism and unselfish
devotion to the welfare of their country. They
have also in a most commendable manner ex
emplified to the younger generation of soldiers
those principles of discipline and patriotism
which make the army the protector and de
fender and never the menace of the nation and
its liberties.
General Miles has issued the following
address on the occasion of his retirement
from active service: -
In accordance with the provisions of the act
of Congress of June 30. 1SS2. the undersigned
will retire from the active service August 8,
1903.
APPRECIATES FIDELITY.
Adjutant General, Major General. U. S. A.
Several other orders resulting in the
retirement of General Miles have been
issued, one assigning Lieutenant General
Young to the command of the army until
August 15, when he will assume the du
ties of chief of staff; another assigning
Major General Corbln as president of the
Soldiers' Home board; another Brigadier
General Gilleepie as president of the board
of ordnance and -fortification, and still
another assigning Lieutenant General
Young as a ; member of the Sherman
statue commission.
WASHINGTON. Aug. , 7.-Lieutenant
General Nelson A.. Miles, commanding the
army, will retire from active service at
noon to-morrow, having reached the age
limit of C4 years.
The following order was prepared to
day and will be issued. to-morrowr
WASHINGTON. Aug. ! 8, 1D03.— The retire
ment from active service by the President
Auinist 8. 1003. of Lieutenant General Nelson
A. Miles. U. S. A., by operation of law, under
the provision! of the act of Congress approved
June 80, 1SS2. is announced. Lieutenant Gen
era* Miles will proceed to his home. The
travel enjoined is necessary for the public
service. Uy order of the Secretary of War.
H. C. CORBIN.
The Thirty-ninth District United Repub
lican League Club -will rne^t n°xt Monday
rv^nlng at Richmond Hall, corner Fourth
avenue and Clement' street.
Th* orpoMUen to th«? United Republican
L^agufi in the Twenty-eighth Assembly
District is headed "Anti-Boss," and the
first name on the ticket is that of Martin
Kelly.
To the Registrar of Voters— Dear Sir: I
haw Just learned that my name appears on an
opposition Republican ticket a? delegate to
Tb» Republican local convention for the Forty
fifth AMtf-mbly District. I »ish to say that
my name was and is use.] without my oon
s*-nt. I have never r*en •consulted about it
ajid I decline to n! low my ns.m» to be so used
undT any consideration. Pl»a*» withdraw my
nam* from the ti-ket. T. J. DINAN.
PAN" FHANTISrO. Aujr. 7. 1903
'The following letter 1* a sample of many
received at the headquarters of the Unit
ed Republican League :
Overture by CaJifornia Orchestra.; remarks,
Ti'iiiiam J. Herrin; vocal solo, Oscar Storm
field: whistllnr sclo. William Altman: roono
lojru*. Walter H. Marston; overture, with cor
net solo. California Orchestra: sons; and dance
specialty. Daniel Kemp: '"ng. Little Sunny
Jim; musical trio, banjo, etc.. Rlegel, Pkrl
ton «.nd Driscoli; four-round contest. Gr*g
trvnr vs. Earrj". won by Grejrgans. Harry Mc-
Oinnis r»fAw.
Isidcre Golden, the former associate of
Truman, followed with an equally strong
speech in condemnation of his old leader.
H*s spoke cf the opposition leader as a
"dead one" and grilled him unsparingly.
The United Republican League Club of
the Forty-second Assembly District gave
a smoker at Saratoga Hall. MO Geary
street. last night. The hall was filled to
overflowing early in the evening and
when President Hamilton called the meet
ing to order standing room was at a pre
mium. The following programme was
rendered:
CONDEMNS OLD LEADER.
nounced that all shadow of opposition to
the United Republican L«acue had disap
peared in his district, the 1 hirty-seventh.
and prophesied a sweeping victory for the
lrague clubs throughout the city at the
polis on Tuesday neit. Senator Ed Wolfe
took occasion to say some strong things
about Alex Truman, the leader of the op
position club in the district. He de
nounced Truman as a political pest and
a trouble maker and called upon the
members of the club to make every effort
to down his faction at the polls. Cheers
for the candidacy of Wolfe for Mayor on
the next ticket greeted the close of the
speaker's addres-s.
The address announces that a great
mase-meeting will be held at the Alham
bra Theater next Monday night.
The Union Labor forces under the
leadership of Michael Casey will assemble
to-nirht at Alhambra Hall and it
is current rumor in the labor
ramps that Mayor Schmitz will
lie roasted to a turn. Casey's men
will put up a determined fight to hold the
works. The Casey county committee, by
recent decision of the court, was declared
to be the legal governing body of the
T'nion Labor party. Should the Schmitz
faction, however, succeed in electing a
majority of the delegates to the local con
vention <Casey will lose control of the
party machinery.
The United Republican League Club of
the Thirty-eighth Assembly District held
¦?l enthusiastic ratification meeting in its
hall on the corner of Buchanan street and
<io!den Gate avenue last night to boost
their representatives to the coming coun
ty convention. Besides stories, music and
legerdemain entertainments, several strong
Fpreches were made.
Judge Bahrs. the first speaker, an-
GREAT MASS MEETING.
abie. because these email and insignificant dif
!*rencps hfivt been magnified and distorted by
destining persons, and have been exaggerated
,'n the prtf-y. all with a view to disrupt our
jiarty and prevent our success. And we have,
observed with extreme sorrow that through the
j*-rsonal ambitions cf fome and political prom
ises to others, the enemies of the working
classes lav* succeeded in arraying a number
({ our men against the rank and file of the
!»arty and against Eugene E. Schmitz. the
honored Mavor of thi* city, in an effort to pre
vent his nomination and with the hope of kill
ing the Labor party by making its success Im
possible. ,
This is the real nnd only reason for trying
to split the Union Labor party.
Men of San Francisco, sympathisers with our
caus«* will you stand for this betrayal?
Will you stand to see our chosen leader and
champion "knifed" eo that the plot may be
larrled out and our party swallowed up by
fusion wrtth another? Shall we put the stamp
of our approval on the basest political ingrati
tude which has ever marked the history San
Francisco?
We do not skulk behind a mask, sandbag
in hand, to slay the man who has been the
benefactor and tried and true friend of organ
ized labor throughout the city and the State.
A hot battle for control of the Union
l^ibor party convention will be waged at
the primary election next Tuesday. In
every district of the city the torces un
der the leadership of Mayor Schmitz have
placed a delegate ticket in the field. It
is claimed that every delegate is a union
man. An address, signed by representa
tives cf forty-or.e unions, was issued to
the voters yesterday.
The opening paragraphs of the address
folJow:
On the result or the primary election next
Tup«!ay deoenrt* the late of the Union Labor
T*rty, and in a large measure also the fate of
oiTfcr.ised labor in Pan Francisco.
thT* is involved In this election a larger and
broader question than mere •'politics" and the
holding of a few political places. The pros
perity and Veil beint of the waee-workers of
our city is at »take. Far. whatever may have
li*pn the wisdom of <>rga:«zins the Union L*bor
j<«rty originally, there- c\n be no doubt that
Us d'efret now "will mean a ereat eetbacic to the
cause of labcr.
The distensions which « desire for petty po
litical pomions ha* caused to spring uj> among
a tew idlu*rentf of our party are very regTet-
Last night President J. F. Forderer of
the City Trustees and City Trustees Dr.
Henry M. Pond and William M. Bowers
participated In • the meeting of the ex
ecutive committee when the applications
of Herman Eppinger Jr. and Robert B.
Mott and the application of P. N. Ber
lnger for local franchises were considered.
Since that meeting the members of the
committee of fifty have less faith than
ever in the offer,of Eppingcr and Mott
to establish a local train and ferry ser
vice. Members of the executive commit
tee say that they were unable to draw
from the applicants any tangible informa
tion as to who were behind them and
how they were situated financially to
carry out a project that it is estimated
would cost from one to three millions of
dollars. It is doubtful whether the com
mittee^ of fifty will recommend the City
Trustees to take any serious notice of
the proposal made by Eppinger and Mntt.
Herman Eppinger Jr. and his standing
in the financial world were thoroughly In
vestigated in San Francisco to-day by
Major Charles I... Tilden, chairman of the
committee of fiftv, who will report the
result to that body.
PARTICIPATE IN MEETING.
In order that their recommendations
shall meet the approval of the City Trus
tees and that there shall b<| no weighty
reason why any of the same should be
rejected by them when submitted, the
eommitteemen have been conferring with
the members of the municipal body with
a view to finding what they would favor.
It is not expected that any of the recom
mendations which the committee will
submit will be overlooked by the City
Trustees, but to insure harmony the
eommitteemen have taken them into their
confidence.
It is generally understood that Manager
Kruttschnitt will be /satisfied with twenty
five-year franchises and that the Southern
Pacific Company will concede the estab
lishment of a two and a half cent fare
within the city limits. What has stumped
the Southern Pacific officials thus far in
the negotiations is'the stiff demand made
by the committee that the company be
required to pay Into the city treasury a
certain fixed amount for the privileges
conveyed in the franchises.
Upon Investigation it was found that
most of the commltteemen had other en
gagements for that^iour, and by the con
sent of both the representatives of Ala
meda and the Southern Pacific the con
ference went over until next Monday aft
ernoon at 1 o'clock. Manager Krutt
schnitt expects by that time to be in a
position to come to some definite conclu
sion with the committee so that body
can report back to the committee of fif
ty, which is to hold a session Monday
night.
Five of the executive committee, Chair
man Frank Otis, T. G. Danlells, Joseph
Knowland, Charles R. Smith and Major
Charles L Tllden, went to San Francisco
to meet Manager Kruttschnitt. Secretary
Charles S. Neal and S. M: Haslett were
absentees from the committee. After the
delegation reached Tilden's office Manager
Kruttschnitt . sent word that as he had
been ' unable to obtain certain figures
bearing on the traffic in Alameda, which
he Intended to use in his arguments with
the commltteemen; it would be impossible
for him to go until such time as he had
secured the data he wanted. He informed
the committee that he believed that he
would have the figures In the morning
and asked the members if they could as
semble in Tilden's office at 10 o'clock.
CONFERENCE POSTPONED.,
ALAMEDA, Aug. 7,— Manager Julius
Kruttschnitt ..was not prepared to-day to
confer with the executive • committee of
the committee of fifty with respect to
the applications of the Southern Pacific
Company for two local franchises, and
this evening members of the committee
met and -informally discussed with the
City Trustees the result of the proceed
ings thus far and to ascertain the pulse
of the members of the municipal body as
to the probable stand they will take when
the committee of fifty submits its final
recommendations. r- >J ¦ . Vv
Deceased was a native of Xova Scotia,
aged 74 years. He Is survived by a wife.
Susie H., and three sons. Stuart, George
and Harold Middlemas. Death was due
to a complication of ailments following
a stroke of paralysis.
ALAMEDA. Aug. 7.— In the death of
George Middlemas. who passed away ear
ly this morning at his home. 2112 Santa
Clara avenue, one of the pioneer ship
builders of the Pacific Coast launched Into
the hereafter. He came to California in
1853 from Boston, where he had assisted
In the construction of several famous clip
per ships. In 1S58 Middlemas laid the keel
of the first sldewheel steamer ! that ran
on Puget Sound. He was also the builder
of the tug Rabbonl. the original towboat
of the Columbia River; the ferry-boat
Lizzie, the first craft of her class to con
nect with Vallejo; the steamer General
Stanford, the first to cleave the waters of
Lake Tahoe, and the flreboat Governor
Irwln, owned by the State of California.
Other vessels that were either designed
by Middlemas or built by him were the.
schooners Pride of the "West and General
Slegel. launched during the early days of
the Civil War;* the George A. "Wright,
Glenarm and Gypsy, steamers; the Kltsap
and Skaglt, barkentlnes; the Tyee. Mogul
and Lome, tugs, and numerous other
craft. The original drydock at Hunters
Point was started by Middlemas. Thirty
three years ago Middlemas formed a part
nership with the late William A. Boole
and for twenty-flve years was associated
with him in the building of ships. He re
tired from active life some years ago.
but retained the presidency of the firm of
A. B. Patrick & Co., tanners, San Fran
cisco.
United Republican League
Clubs Show Great
Activity.
Alameda Committee Thinks
Final Report Will Be
Made Monday.
Lauds the Servica and Pre
dicts New Glories for .
. Its Future.
Yet Revealed.
Findings of the Lieutenant
Edie Court-Martial Not
George Middlemas Succumbs
to Illness After Stroke
of Paralysis.
Casey and Schmitz War
riors Aligned for
the Battle.
Issues an Address on
Close of Army
Career.
Young Widow Appears
Before the Board of
Inquiry.
Manager Kruttsdinitt
Not Ready in Fran
.' chise Matter.
Pioneer Vessel Builder
Dies at His Alameda,
Residence.
After Investigation : the Oakland -Boards of; Police and Fire
. Commissioners Decides by. Unanimous.yote to -Dispense
With Services of Its Superintendent p/; Electrical Alarms
LABOR FACTIONS
READY TO FIGHT
MILES RETIRES
AT NOON TO-DAY
WAITS FOR DATA
FROM ALAMEDA
NAVAL OFFICERS
HEAR MRS. TEVIS
AGED CITIZEN
GOES TO REST
BABCOCK TO SUCCEED
LOUIS E. FLEMMING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,: SATURDAY, AUGUST 8, 1993.
10
h T> VERTISEMENTa.
8 Mrs. Emmons, saved from «
an operation for Ovaritis, tells
how she was cured by Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
"I am so pleased with the results I
obtained from Lydia E. Pinkham'3
Vegetable Conpound that I feel it
a duty and a privilege to write you
about it.
** I suffered for over five years with
ovarian troubles, causing an un-
pleasant discharge, a great weakness,
and at times a faintness would coma
over me which no amount of medicine,
diet, or exercise seemed to correct.
Your Vegetable Compound found the
weak spot; however, within a few
weeks— and sayed me from an
operation — all my troubles had dis-
appeared, and I found myself once
more healthy and well. Words fail to
describe the real, trucSffrateful feeling
that is in my heart, and I want to tell
every sick and suffering sister. Don't
dally with medicines you know noth-
ing about, but take Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound, and
take my word for it, you will be a
different woman in a short time."—
Mrs. Lauba Eximoxs, Walkerville, Ont.
—$5000 forfeit If original' of above letter proving
genuineness cannot be produced.
I>on't hesitate to write to Mrs.
Pinkham if there is anything
about your case which you do
not understand. She will treat
you with kindness and her ad-
vice is free. Xo woman ever re-
gretted writing: her and she has
helped thousands. Address is
Lynn, Mass.
NEXT SUNDAY'S
.ART, SUPPLEMENT,
"THE ; RUSSIAN WEDDINO,"
\ Effectively . framed -either in
Flemish browTi,'' ebony or gilt
about- three or four
inches; framed closely.New York Stock Market.
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market Is
quiet, but fairly steady for spot, though fu
tures show a slightly easier tendency. Common
are quoted at 4@5VJc; prime, &%<3>6c; choice,
6M«e%c: fancy, 6%@7%c.
Ktnivra U.I. .»»-a- *. a ._¦ - *.«-
SUGAR — Raw, firm; refined, firm.
COFFEE — Th« market for coffee futures
closed steady and 5 points higher to 3 points
lower. Sales were 30.500 bags, including: Au
gust. 3.60c; September. 3.60<&3.65c; December,
4 2034.25c; January, 4.30c; March, 4.40@4.45c;
May, 4.53c; July, 4.75c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. Aug. 7.— FLOUR— Receipts.
33.042 barrels; exports, 16,202 barrels; market
quiet.
WHEAT — Receipts, 61,000 bushels; exports,
149,220 bushels. Spot was easy; No. 2 red. 84c
elevator and 85%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 North
ern Duluth, 93V4c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Mani
toba hard, O69ic, old, f. o. b. afloat. The
wheat market was Irregular all day. with -the
afternoon weak under liberal sales for long ac
count, based on flne weather in France and
the Northwest. Lower Paris cables and a poor
export trade also tended to weaken bull'con
fidence. The cloee was Irregular at %@9ic net
decline. May 87©87%c, closed 87%c; Septem
ber. 84%@85 7-lfic. closed 84%c; December,
S&ViA-sec closed 83 %e.
HOPS — Firm: Pacific Coast. 1002 crop, 16®
22c; 1901. llJtlSc; olds. 5®7%c. ,
HIDES— Steady. , : .
PETROLEUM— Steady.
WOOL— Firm.
New York Grain and Produce.
Continued on Page Thirteen.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK, Aug. 7. — The cotton market
opened with a decline of 3 to 7 points and
closed steady with 11.60c bid for August and
the balance of the list 7@12 points lower.
New York Cotton Market.
Cent L & P. — 6 Sac E OAR. 39 —
Equit Gas... 4% "5 S F O ft E. ffi 67
Mutual E U — 13 S F Gas 3 3%
Pac G Imp.. — 53 ¦ Ftkn G & E. 5 —
Pac L Co... 63% 66%IU G ft E 34% —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
E F G & E. &4 —
INSX*^»^CB. ' ' '
S-lram'. Fud.S33 —
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Contra CosU. 56 60 ]Port CosU.. 64 60%
Marin Co 60% — iSprintr Val.. 83% —
Bid. Ask. Bid Ask
4s qr re'gr..-. .10»VillO% 4s q c (new>.134^i;i.Tu
4s qr ref. ;..10!)UH0\i 3s qr coup.-..* — '-107%
j I MISCELLANEOUS. * - -
Ala A W 5s. — — 1 Co Bs... 1 .. — \\\
Bay CPC 6s. -^ 105% . Do con. 5s. — 105
CCG&ESs— — O W C g"5s. — 100
Cal G & E g [oceanic SC.'a — ,vt
m and ct 5s — 100 ;<)m C -R 6s. 128
Cal-st C 5s.. — — 1'ac G Imp 4s 95 luO
C C Wat 5s. MOO 10-1 PERy5s..lO6 los
Ed L & P 6s. — — P & C R fis. — 105
F Cl R 6s.. 116% — P & O R 6s. — —
Geary-st R 5s 40 60 Powell-st «a.H6\i
H C&S 6%s.lO2% — 8 E OAR 5s. — 103ft
H C & S 6s. 95 . — RF & 8JV^5s.ll9*il2oil
Hon R T 5s. — 108 S R of C 63.110%112%
L A Elec 5s. — — S P of A 6s
L A Ry 6s.. 112% — (1009) ....107% — -
I. A L, Co 6s. — — (1010) ....108% —
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C 6s
' Do gtd 59.106 — (l»05)Sr A.103%
LAP lem 6a.l(«%104% <lO05)Sr B. — 105%
Mkt-st C 6s. 122 — (UKXi) 107 1CS
Do lem 6s. 117% — ] (1912) 117% —
N R Of C 6s. 106% - SP C leg 5s.l20% —
NRC(ofC) 6s. 119 — ¦ I Do stmpd.107% —
N P C RR 6a — 109% S P B R 6a. — 140 '
N C Ry 6s.. — 114% S V Wat «a.l07 —
NCP6s....— 100%; Do 4s 2dm. — 90%
N S R r.H — 101 1 Do 4s 3dm. 99 H 10O
O G L H 5s.H0 — Ttkn G&E 6s. 97%101
O T 6« — 122% U G & E 5s. 105 107
WATER STOCKS.
UNITED- STATES BONDS.
FRIDAY. Aug. 7—2 p. m.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
V.'illows — L&rre p*»ch crop ripening rapidly.
Cloverdale — Favorable conditions for fruit.
Liv*rmore — Hot wt-athcr delaying hay baling.
Hanfcrd — Cutting ptachee; large crop;
prunes rather Ilcht.
I'alcrmo — Early Crawford peaches about
hsrveFted and dried.
Hoi lifter — Wheat crop very light, but above
estimate.
Ft'" kton — High prices on local potatoes;
market still hoitflng firm.
K»nta Maria — A rteady. undimlnished yipia
r>f n-.- ¦;. of good quality; all crops heavy ex
cer>t 'rult.
N :¦;•:¦. — Peaches ripening: good size and qual
ity.
Newman — Grain haullnr about completed.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
• District Forecae:er.
WHEAT— Paris futures were lower and Liv
erpool futures higher.. Cables reported Argen
tine shipments large and Russian stocks small.
Chicago declined several fractions, with a
featureless market. The Southwestern mar
kets were dull and easier. Conservative au
thorities estimated the crop of the three North
western States at 170,000.000 bushels, against
isn.OOO.COO last year.
In tMs market futures were lower, but the
cash grain remained unchanged.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 45® 1 GO; California
White Australian. $1 60&1 62%; Northern
Club, $1 45; Northern Blue Stem, $1 60- Ore
ron Valley. $1 62%.
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$1 48 $1 48 $1 47% $1 47%
May 1 47% 1 47% 147^5 1 47V4
2 p. m. Seaslc.i.' v
December— $1 47%.
BARLEY— The market continues to see-saw,
being a fraction up one day and a fraction
down the next. It was slightly lower yester
day, but without feature.
. ( CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 05©l 07%: "new Shipping and Brew
ing. $1 12%@l 17H; Chevalier. $1 20@l 40 for
fair to choice.
• FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
¦.• -Open. . High. Low. Close.
December ...$l 06V, $1 06% $1 05 $1 05 .
2 p. m. Session. -
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ...$105% $105% $105% $105%
OAT8— Continue steady, with a fair demand
and moderate stocks. Black are quoted higher.
White. *1 20«l 30; Black, $1 12%@1 27%;
Red, .$1 12%® i 17% for common and $1 20®
1 30 lor choice; Gray, nominal.
CORN— Impending liberal receipts from the
West have not yet weakened the market, which
continues practically bare of supplies.
. California large- Yellow^ . $1 67%(0)l 62%;
small round do. $1 70®f 7o; White, $1 66fil 60;
Egyptian, $1 45@1 60 for White and $1 40@
RYE— Firm at $1 17W@1 23 per ctl.
....ovwuwiip ca swum ao «, ,.i
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — 5,4 8 j
Sterling Exchange, sight _ 4 S(JI1
Sterling Exchango,' cabled . 4 »7u
New York Exchange, sight..... — -7?
New York Exchange, telegraphic jq"
Silver, per ounce — 84T4
Muxican Dollars/ nominal .... — . 4;! /s
Exchange and Bullion.
Everything in the line of local securities was
dull yesterday morning, but the* feeling was
rather firm than otherwise. Spring , Valley
Water was somewhat higher at $S3 25 and
Alaska . Packers sold up to $145 50. The oil
stocks were,: dull. ..". . '.., ' '.,_ ,,. i... '.
There was nothing new in the afternoon.
Business' on the Bond Exchange w*s fiat.
•The Empire State-Idaho. Mining and Devel
oping Company has <l^clare<i a 'monthly divi
dend of 14 of 1 per cent, payable August 15.
The Contra Costa Water , Company has de
clared a regular monthly dividend of 32 cents,
the Port Costa Water Company the ; usual
monthly dividend of 30 cents and the United
Gas and Electric Company the regular monthly
dividend of 15 cents, all payable on the 15th. '
a s s % c <
ETATlONa ;3 3= ig- 3 p- 3 ?
v. = S ?3 : : :
I' ? ? feS- : : :
: : II : : :
Cloverdale ....105 It .... Clear
Cclusa. SS 60 .... Clear
Eureka 66 52 .... Cloudy NW 14
Fresno 106 «O .... Clear W Lt.
Hantord 1OI fi6 .... Cle^r
HoUister 02 50 .... Clear W
Independence .96 04 .... Cloudy SE 12
King Citjf 98 48 (lear N Lt.
Llvennore 103 54 Clear
Lo« Angeles... M 54 .... Clear SW 08
Napa i*8 r.2 .... Clear S ..
Newman Ill 62 .... Clear '
Palermo 1O4 50 Clear N
PcrtervUle 105 C.1 .... Clear W
Red Bluff 104 60 Clear SE Lt.
RJvCTTide ..... 05 59 .... Clear
Facraipento . . . 1»3 €4 .... Clear NE Lt
Kan Diego 70 02 Clear SW 08
.^aii Francisco. *Vt 50 .... Clear W 0<J
f-'an Joee 03 6O .... Clear
S. L. Obispo... fc2 f.f> .... Clear S Lt
Santa Maria... 75 M .... Clear W Lt.
Santa Rosa.... 97 45 .... Oar
Stockton 1*6 TA Clear
Willows 100 fil Clear 8
PORTLAND. Aug. 7. — Wheat— Walla Walla
76@78c; blue stem, 79@81c; valley, 80c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Aug. ".—Wheat, unchanged; blue
stem. 82c; club, 78c.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
ST. LOUIS. Auk. ".—WOOL— Steady to firm.
Medium grades, combing and clothing, I8C22C;
light fine. l««HSo; heavy fine, 12@15c; tub
washed. 20#29^«.'.
St. Louis Wool Market.
The canncrs were still librrally supplied
with I'tutlett. Tears rfnd were not in" the mar
ket for Peaches or Apricots. Occasional salos
of fancy Plums were rrporteil for canning ac
count, but offerings liad to be strictly cholca
to receive any attention. No. 1 Bartlett Peara
were still In limited supply and continued to
command hlph prices In the open markt-t. No.
2 stock moved off fairly well, but therci were
larg.r quantities unsold at the end of the day.
Peaches In small boxes were plentiful and al
though the demand was better than previously,
prices were no higher. Large open boxes
dragged at easy rates. Strictly choice Apples
continued to sell , fairly at thf> top rate, but
the low gradf-s wore dull and plentiful. Fancy
Plums In shlppins packages wore scarce and
firm and Nectarines were steady under light
receipts. Figs were a scarce article. One
lar^e box from the river brought $2 and'
smaller packages from other sections sold at
r>Ocig$l per box. Grapes wore in free supply
and dull, except for strictly fancy seedless.
The first Tokay Grapes of the. season came in
from Antloch. ¦ Seventeen 25-lb boxes were re
ceived and Bales were reported at $1 25#1 50
per dox Th« warm, sunny weather stimu
lated the demand for Watermelons and Canta
loupes end as there was some inquiry for ship
ping price* were steady. Nutmeg Mrlons
wWi; airo in good demand, but prices declined
undfr gr<ctly Increased receipts. Berries in
good ccuntlon sold; quickly at tun flgurW, '- A
considerable portion of the receipts of Rasp
berries nr.fa Blackberries came to hand In bad
order and were sold at low price*. Some
choico S'rawl tiries of the Cheney variety sold
quickly at *U l<rr chest.
Citrus and Tiop'caS fruits stood as previous
ly quoted. Mexican Linv>9 were In good d«
trand. owing ty the warm weather. Stocks,
however, wtro liberal and a steamer arrived
on the j'reci><"inK <lay with 420 boxes.
STU AW BERRIES — Longworths. nominal;'
other varieties. $:t 30;y5 per chest.
RASFBERRlESi-$3 OOigt! per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— S* f>0<f{4 Per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— SQOc per lb.
APPLES — COcG$l per box for choice and fan
cy and ;{5(f?50e for common; Crabapples, 25#40c
for small boxes and 50(B6f>o for large. t
PEARS — Bartletta. S5c@$t for wrapped; large
open boxes, 90c©$l 25 for No. 1 and 25@40c for
No. 2; to canners. $20040 per ton r Dearborn
Seedlings. B0@»50c for large open bozes. •
FIGS — Nominal.
PLUMS— 504*750 per crate and 40@50o per
box; large open boxes, G0@75c; to canners, *,13
©20 per ton.
NECTARINES— 60@75e per box or crate.
APRICOTS— 40<ff50c fcr email boxes and COO
75c for large; in bulk. $15@20 per ton.
PEACHES— 25@50c for small boxes and 400
75c for' large; baskets from the river. 20Q40c.
MELONS— Cantaloupes. . 75e@$l 25 for small
crates and $1 5O®2 for large crates from Win
ters and the river; Nutmeg. Melons. 35@55c per
box or crate; Watermelons. $6@20 per hundred.
GRAPES— Fontalnebleau. 50@60c per box or
crate; Seedless, 75c®$l'15 per box or crate;
other varieties. 50c<g$l per box or crate.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1 609
2 60 per box; Seedlings, $1@1 25; Valenclas.
81 50&3; St. Michaels, $2@3: Mediterranean
Sweets, $1 25@1 60; Lemons, 50c@$2 60: Grape
Fruit $101 25; Mexican Limes, $4@4 60; Ba
nanas $1 6O@2 50 per bunch for Central Amer
ican and 75c©$l 60 for Hawaiian; Pineapples.
$1 60©2 CO per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil stocks— Bid. Asked.
Caribou OU Co A3
Four Oil es 70
Hanford Oil 127 OO
Home Oil 2 85 2 00
Imperial Oil IS 00 «...
Independence Oil IK 17
Junction Oil 20> 22
Kern Oil 6 25
Lion OU 04
Monte Crlsto Oil 85 90
Monarch Oil 64 5o
Oil City Petroleum 30 ....
Peerless Oil 13 75 ..,.-
Reed Crude Oil 40 41,
San Joaquln Oil 6 75 ....
Sterling Oil 3 00 3 03
Thirty-Three Oil 8 00
Twenty-Eight Oil 4 23
Union OH 88 00
United Petroleum ...,..-•• 119 0O
¦West Phore Oil 3 03 3 3O
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land and Imp 1 25
Alameda Sugar 2900
American Biscuit 03 00 100 CO
American District Tel ....
Bay Counties Power ....
Cal Central Gas ft Electric ....
Cal Cotton Mills 83 00 ....
Cal Jockey Club 103 00
Cal Powder ....
Cal Shipping Co 23 00 30 00
Cal Title Ins and Trust.... 130 00 140 OO
Central Bank of Oakland 63 on
Chutes Company 8 5O
City and County Bank....... ....
Cypress Lawn Imp Co « 12% ....
Eastern Dynamite .... ....
Ewa Sugar Plantation
Gas Consumers'. Assn , 22 60
Honolulu Suzar 18 30
London and S F Bank (Ltd) ....
Mercantile Trust .«. .
Northern Ca! Power 0 62»»
Nevada National Bank ....
North Shore Railroad 7 00
Orpheum Company .... 15 00
Pacific States Tel and Tel 122 50
Paraf flne Paint 3300 ....
Postal Device and Imp ....
Pan Francisco Drydock . .... 47 00 ....
Sausaltto Land and Ferry-. 1« 00
Sperry Flour Company .... 27 60 SO 00
Standard Electric IS OO
Truckee Electric 13 25 18 00
Union Sugar 22*° ••••
United Gas and Electric... 34 50 ....
Western Fish Co ....
: j^:. . - SALES..
Morning Session.
. .:.} Boanl —
BOO Occidental Oil 1*
500 Chicago Crude Oil lft
100 Home OH' 2 9rt
100 Monarch Oil 53
Street — ¦'¦,'-> ' ,
6000 Independence Oil 17
. Afternoon Session.
Board—
600 Central Pt Con Oil 80
Fruit and Wheat Bulletin.
For the twer.ty-four hours ending 5 p. m.,
12Oth meridian time, San Francisco. Aug. 7:
CHICAGO. Aujr. 7.— CATTLE— Receipts,
4000; Western, slow; good to prime ateers,
$5 10®5 5U: poor to medium. $.1 65@4 90;
Mockers ar.d leeders. $2 50fa4 30; coin., $1 50
®4 5O; heifers, <2<gf I 75: cajmers. §1 504fl! SO;
bulls. $2 2.1^4 10; calves, $2 50«i 7; Texaa fed
tteers, $3 50<ft4 75; Western steers, $-¦] 50'u I 50.
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 22,000: to-morrow,
10,000; loft over. 2500; stpady, r.c lower; mixed
and butchers. $4 90tf?5 60; good to choice
heavy, $5 :iOtlR 50; rough heavy, $4 6T>4j5 'JO;
light. $5 30«5 65; bulk of sales. .<5 10<ij5 35.
SHEEP — Receipt*. 5000; sheep and lambs,
steady; .good to choice wothern, $3 40@;{ 85;
fair to rholce mixed. $2 50®.{ 20; Western
sheep, $3^3 83; native Iambs, $3 20^0 ; West
ern lambs, $5@5 65.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
EOGS — Ranch, 27%©2Sc for large white se
lected and 25C*27e. for good to choice; store, 18
©24c; Eastern, lS02lc per dozen.
Most dealers ,are reporting rather more stead.
Iness in Butter, but as long an fine Eastern
Butter can be landed here and sold at 22®
22 %c, no advance of any consequence Is ex
pected In the near future. Los Angeles Is
buying Eastern Butter heavily at 17%©lS%o,
and is. therefore not in this market for sup
plier. Several local houses report themselves
overstocked and are ! shading the quotations,
while others, who are carrying light stocks,
are reporting 25c for creameries In a small
way. For the treat bulk of the trade 21c
continues the ruling quotation.
Cheese is dull at the recent decline, with
plenty of stock on hand. Some dealers are
storing their surplus. ¥
Eggs show no change one way or the other.
Stocks, while moderate, are sufficient for the
demand, which continues slack.
Receipts were 70,500 lbs Butter, S40 cases
Ege-s and 21,000 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery. 24c: dairy. 22%f?23c;
store Butter. 17fl2Oc: Eastern. 22<g22%c.
CHEESE— New. 12@12%c; Young America,
ir!'/jffl4'4c; Eastern, 15«-i®lUc; Western, H@
15c per lb. i
Butter, Cheese and Bggs.
San Francisco ar.4 vicinity — Fair Saturday;
light northerly winds, changing to brisk west
erly with fog.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
District Forecaster.
Southern California — Cloudy Saturday, with
cnnditior.s favorable for showers in the moun
tainc: light southwest winds.
Nevada — Cloudy Saturday; probably show
ers in southern portion.
Fog prevails along the coast from San Fran
cisco to Eureka. At the current observation
there ls> a difference of 40 degrees in tem
perature betwern Point Reyes and Mount Tam
alpals.
Forecait made at San Francisco for thirty
hour?, ending midnight. August S:
NorttJorn California — Fair Saturday; con
tinued warm weather in Interior; lirht north
erly winds inland; brisk westerly winds on
the coast.
Rain continues in Northern Arizona. Thun
rti r etonr.s are r*-i>orted at Flagstaff and Mo
dmi.
¦Warm weather prWatls in the San Joaxjuln
and the Sacramento valleys. Afternoon tem-
I*ratures txeecdtng 100 dtgrees are reported
8t many points and at some iiolntF the maxi
mum temperature has been above 110 dejrrees.
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AN'D GENERAL
NEW YORK, Aug. 7. — Tin was rather irreg
ular In London, spot advancing £1 to £129 Ifw,
while futures were 5s lower at £124. In New
York tin was a little higher and firm, closing
at $2945629 60. , ¦ • i ••.
Copper advanced 5s on spot In London, clos
ing at £57 5h. but futures were unchanged at
£.V> 108. Locally copper was quiet and nomi
nally unchanged, with lake quoted at $13®
13 12%; electrolytic. $14, and casting at $12 75.
Lead advanced Is 3d In London to £11, but
was unchanged here at $4 20. -
Spelter, unchanged In London at £20 2s 6d
and unchanged here at $5 75^5 87%.
Iron closed at 52s in Glasgow and 46s 7%d
in Middlesboro. Locally iron was quiet; No.
1 foundry. Northern, is quoted at $17 5O@18;
No. 2 foundry. Northern, $16 5O@17; No. 1
foundry, Southern, and No. 1 foundry, South
ern soft, at ?1G 50® 17.
N civ. York Metal' Market.
OIL — Linseed. 44c for boiled and 42c for raw
in barrels; cases. 5c more: Castor Oil, in cases.
No. 1. 70c; Bakers' AA. $1 1001 12; Lucot. 41c
for boiled and 39c for raw in barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels, 90c; cases. 05c;
China Nut. 57%g62c p«r gallon; pure 'Neats
foot in barrels. -75c; cases. 80c; Sperm, pure,
70cr Whale Oil. natural white. 50<S55c per gal
lon: Fish Oil. in barrels. 45c; cases. 60c; Co
coanut Oil in barrels. 58c for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil in bulk.
14c: Pearl Oil in cases. 20%c. Astral. 20%c;
Star. 20%c; Ex' -a Star, 24 %c; Elaine. 26 %c;
Eocene 23 %c; deoderized Stove Gasoline, in
bulk 17c; in cases. 23%c; Benzine, in bulk.
13c; in cases. lOVie; 8tt-degree Gasoline, in
bulk 21c; in cases. 27%c.
TURPENTINE— 73c per gallon in cases, and
C7c In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 6@
6%c per lb; White Lead. 6@6%c. according to
quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Reflning Com
pany quotes as follows, per Ib in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5.75c';
Powdered, 5.60c; Candy Granulated, 5.60c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.50c; Dry Granulated, coarse,
5.50c; Fruit Granulated. 5.50c: Beet Granulat
ed (ICO-lb bags only). 6.40c: Confectioners' A.
5.50c; Magnolia A. 5.10c: Extra. C. Be; Golden
C, 4.90c; "D." 4.SOc: barrels, loo more: half
barrels. 20c more; boxes. 50c more: 60-lb bags,
10c more for all kinds. Tablets— Half-barrels,
8c; boxes, 6.25c per lb. No orders taken for
leas than 75 barrels or its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY. AUGUST 7.
Flour, qr *ks .. 35.211 Wool, bales .... 72
Wheat, ctls 2«,02i Screenings, sks . 200
Rarley. ctls 72.143 Sugar, ctls 1.420
Oats, ctls 2.rt4.' Hides. No "07
Corn, ctls 41S Leather, rolls .. IX*
Feed, eks 530 Lime, bbls .... 91
Beans. *Us 230 Chicory, bbls . . 20
Potatoes, pk* .. 3.!>9;? Quicksilver, flks IS
Onions, sks 330 Wine, gals 74.400
Bran, sks 450 Pelts. No 70
Middlings, sks . .T.-.0] Tallow, ctls.... 210
Hay. tons 09.1!
OREGON.
Feed, sks ..... • K50
COAL — Wellington, $8 p«r ton; New Wel
lington. JS; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant. $6 50;
Beaver Hill. $5 50; Stanford. $7; Rcslyn.
$7; Coos Bay. $5 50; Greta. $7: Walldeml.
$7 50; Richmond. $7 50; Cumberland. $13
in bulk and $14*25 in sacks; Welsh An
thracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump. $11 50; Cannel.
$8 50 per ton; Coke. $11 50® 13 per ton in bulk
and $15 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$8 45 per 20GO lbs and $8 60 per ton. according
to brand. .-• 3 , •
BAGS— Grain Bars. 4.85@5«; San Quentln.
6.55c; Wool Bags. 32@35c: Fleece Twine. 7%©
8c; Cotton Fruit Bags. 6V4C. 6%c and 7%c for
the three grades.
General Merchandise.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — Sept. Oct. Dec.
Opening -....6 4% 6 411 6 4V.
Closing 6 4% 6 4% 6 4%
PARIS. \
Wheat— Auk. Nov.-F«b.
Opening 23 65 21 85
Closing 22 55 21 !M>
Flour —
Opening .....; 30 50 29 40
Closing 30 45 29 40
Foreign Futures.
The third car of Western Poultry for. the
current week sold oft well at good prices. Re
ceipts of domestic stock were light, but ample,
and Drlcea gtood as previously quoted. Fine
large young fowls cleaned up well, but poor
Hens, which were in free supply, moved slowly.
There were liberal receipts of Game, chiefly
Doves, which were quoted lower. Hare and
Rabbits in good condition met with prompt ealo
at unchanged prices.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, nominal: Geese,
per pair. $1 25@1 50; Goslings. $1 25@1 50:
Ducks, $304 per dozen for old and $3 5o«4 50
for younr; Hens, $4®5; young Roosters, $6@8;
old Roosters, $4 50<55; Fryers, $4@4 50; Broil
ers, $3 5<V34for large and (2 5O®3 for small;
Pigeons. $1 50 per dozen for old and $1 5031 75
for Squabs.
GAME — Rabbits. $1 25©1 75 per dozen; Hare.
$1 50; Wild Doves. $1 per dozen. ¦ " v.
Poultry and Game.
lys: Angelt-s. .29.J44 M f.4 H\V Clear .00
Mt. Tamalpals2«.9S 1»O «<5 N Clear .<*1
Nnrth Head ...So. 20 56 54 NW KoKgy .«0
I'hoenlx 23. H4 M 72 W Pt Cldy .2*
Pocatello 29.0* W M W Clear .00
Portland OT.os K» r.S NW Clear .CO
Point Reyes ..29.02 f.4 50 N Fopgy .00
Red RlufT 29. M 104 <Vt SE Hear .00
Kos^burg: 30.04 88 52 N Clear .00
Fafrkmfnto ..2!».M5 HH «>4 N'F! ('far .00
Sfclt Lake ...2».»<5 J»O «2 NW Oear .ot»
San Franci«co.29.96 68 5n W Clear .00
S. Lr Obisr«>..2u.!H} R2 50 S Clear .00
San Diego ...29.94 70 «! SW Clear .00
Seattle :K>.20 76 .12 NW Clear .00
Fjiokane 3O.OH KS 5« N Oear .00
Tat^osh HO. 22 60 54 W «71oudy .on
Walla Wa)la. .aO.OO 92 O4 EW Clear .00
Winnemucca R4
Tuir.a 29.84 100 80 S Clear .00
B»kT -.J 3O.O4 SS 52 NW Clear .<*>
Carson 29. »2 ft2 t2 W Clear .C>0
Eureka ."{0.10 56 52 NW Cloudy .00
Fresno 29. S4 IOC «0 W Ciear .Or)
r:*Kf-ia.tI 2S.S8 82 C2 W Cloudy .06
Independence .29. KS 96 «;4 SE Cloudy .00
= 22325
I n n q ?» l
3 Ig ga *= * o a
STATIONS. Z I g 1 3 |§ |" £
«-. »? . o
c c : • a
: 3 3 : : :
I NEW YORK, Aug. 7. — The following table,
! complied by Bradstreet. . shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ended
I August 0. with the percentage of Increase and
• decrease as compared with the corresponding
' week last year:
Percentages.
' Cities — Amount. Inc. Dec.
: 'New York $1.1«1. 331,712 9.1
(•Chicago 155,0S8,«5<5 2.3
i 'Boston 123.44ft.870 5.2 ....
•Philadelphia .... 111.769.217 4.1
•St. Louis 4S.108.160 10.3
! Piltsburg 46,458.54ft 9.3 ....
•San Francisco... 20,653.498 23.8 ....
'•Baltimore SI, 690.373 1.0
(Cincinnati 21,566.150 13.8
I 'Kansas City 22.2S5.724 8.9
Cleveland 15,342.024 .....
•Minneapolis 12.448.428 6.4 ....
•New Orleans 1O.OOS.67O 11.5
Detroit 10. 757.451) .... 3.3.
•Louisville 10,774,104 6.5
Omaha C, 739,341 2.4 ....
•Milwaukee 7.243.303 5.4
•Providence fi.211.40O .... 5.1
•Buffalo 6.25S.5C5 9.3
I 'St. Paul 5.610.S67 5.3 ....
I Indlanapolln 6,232,307 lrt.4
Los Angeles 6.064,414 31.3
St. Joseph 4.232.2*1 ' 1.5
Denver 4.757.47!) 11.1
Richmond ... 4,MK),gl8 20.2
Columbus 4.407.701) 6.6 ....
Seattle 4.854.44:{ 28.4.
Washington ..».. 3.571.370
•Savannah 2.237,028 .... 2.6
Memphis 2.508.896 39.8
Albany 3.771.321 15.7
Salt LakeClty... 3,208,41ft .... 17.5
•Portland. Or 3.346.489 16.0
•Toledo 3.520.39S 4.3
Fort Worth 2.K42.227 27.2
Peoria 2.5UW.250 3.4
Hartford 2,551.982 6.6
Rochester , 2.703,540
Atlanta 2.070,049 1.4
Des Moines .% 1,782,153 .... 26.2
New Haven 2,240.971 37.2 ....
Nashville 2.4S8.11« 94.0
Spokane. Wash... 2.2<tt.l47 30.1
Grand Rapids 1,978,220 21.4
Sioux City 946.(150 IS). 3
Springfield, Mass. l,43fi.O17 6.0
Norfolk 1.45.1.1 IS 10.2
Dayton 1.002.RS7 3.6
Tacoma 1.5A9.891 2*. 6 ....
Worcester 1.S65, 1*7 9.1
Augusta, Ga 73>>.04:< 19.0 .
Portland. Me 1.HO4.772 21.1
Scranton 1.C28.21S 26,3 ....
Tcpeka 1.2J0.777 9.5
Syracuse 1.2rt3.635 1.8
! Kvansvlllc 1.130.4G4 2.3
I Wilmington. Del.. 1.213.043 li.l
'Birmingham 1,104,2m 8.9
'Davenport 9>SS.3.'«7 2.1
Fall River 051.871 .... 18.1
1 Little Rock 745,115 .... 3.0
Knoxvllle 1.037.SK8 47.5
Macon . r .37.OO<i 9.1
Wilkesbarre 1.010.300 34.4
Akron K20.100 10.9
Springfield. 111... • C72.7OI 7.8
Wheeling. W. Va. 716.042 3.1
Wichita 671.002. 1.2
Youngstown 75D.224 37.0
Helena 482.W0 18.5
LexlnKton 528.0SB
: Chattanooga 812.355 55.2
; Lowell 4:54,011 is. 5
New Bedford 450.224 19.2 ....
Kalamasoo 357.420 38.3
Fargo. N. D 417.117 .... 5.0
' Canton. O RKS.OOO 4O.«
Jacksonville. Fla. 445.058 20.4
Gret-nnburgr. Pa... 4.17.30.'!
Rockford. m 343.307 :t.l
Springfield, O 40W.500 3.3
Blng-hamlon 4S4.7O0 30.1
Chester. Pa 454.565 5
nioomington. III.. 40T..10.T 2S.1
Qulncy. Ill ' 3«4.4ni 22.1
Sioux Fails. S. 1). 227.H22 16.S
Mansfield. 0 24O.OK2
Jacksonville. III.. 249.25:$ 2S.3 ....
Fremont, Nebr... " 174,193 20.0 .;..
i;tlca *..• 2,20:5,231 S.O ....
••Decatur, III :!37.642
••?Houston 12.204.300 22.0
•••Oalveaton 5.4.")S,000 18.9 ....
Charleston. S. C. 717.393
Totals. U. S $1,952,419,200 3.8
Outside N. Y... 791,107.576 5.3 ....
CANADA.
Montreal $10,44!),841 5.1 ....
Toronto 12.9*11,870 2.2 ¦ ..:..
Winnipeg 4.305,312 20.4 ....'
Halifax 1,958,965 ..... 4.9
Ottawa 2.161. SS2 .... 4.0
Vancouver. B. C. 1,472.349 34.3 • ..-..
Quebec 1.851.156 20.7 ....
Hamilton 1.063.5)77 49.2 ....
St. John. N. B.... 1,127.11ft 12..V ....
Victoria, B. C 645,364 7.1 •
••London 011.189
Totals, Canada. $46,997,765 5.2 ...:
?Balances paid in cash. "Not included in
totals because of no comparison for .last year.
•**Not Included in totals because containing
other items than clearing*.
Bank Clearings.
< 120th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 7—5 p. m.
Weather Report.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, quiet
and easier; No. 2 spring wheat. 81@S2c; No. 3.
7&8S0e: No. 2 red. S)sg98%c: No. 2 corn. 61 %o;
No. 2 yellow. 52%c: Xo. 2 oats. 34«@35V«c;
No. 2 white. 35%@3HMc; No. 2 rye, 50%c; fair
to choice malting; barley, 47©63c; No. 1 flax
seed. 93%c; No. 1 Northwestern, 97 %c; prime
timothy seed, $3 40; mess pork, per bbl, $13 20
©13 25: lard, per 100 lbs, $7 72%@7 75; short
ribs sides (loose). $7 60@7 75; ary salted shoul
ders <boxed), $7 60@7 62%; short clear sides
(boxed). $8 12%@8 25; whisky, basis of high
wines. $1 29; clover, contract grade, $12gl2 50.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ., 15.200 11.800
Wheat, bushels 101,500 39.800
Corn bushels 100.600 253.200
Oats bushels 203,000 85,300
Rye. bushels 4,800 1.100
Barley, bushels 0.900 3.200
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; creams. 14@18%c; dairies,
13@17c; eggs, firm, 11©13%c; cheese, easier,
10«811%c. _____
LAMBS— Spring. $2 75®3 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs. 6tfc;
under 140 lbs, 5%@(5c; Sows. 20 per cent off;
Boars. 50 per cent off, and Stags. 40 per cent
off from above quotations.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered lr. San Francisco, less 60
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
. CATTLE: — Steers, 8@9c; Cows and Heifers,
74f8c; thin Cows. 485c per lb.
• CALVES — (@5%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP — Wethers, 4c; Ewes. 3%@3%c per lb
(gross weight).
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — B©7c for Steers and B@6c per lb for
Cows.
VEAL— Large, 7@Sc ; small. 9@9%c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 8©9c; Ewes, 8©8%c per
pound. '
LAMB— Spring, 9%@10%c per lb.
FORK— Dressed Hogs. 8V4@«Vic per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Buyers and sellers of Hogs are apart In
their views, and the local packers say that
they are not getting any Hogs at 6%c, though
they will not pay any more. The other Meats
remain as before quoted.
DRESSED MEATS.
Meat Market.
¦ Receipts of Potatoes were moderate and the
market- continued active at steady prices under
'a Kood demand, both- for local consumption
and shipping account. Several small consign
ments of Sweet Potatoes were received and sold
quickly at the previously quoted rates. The
crop of early Onions is almost exhausted In
some of the growing sections and receipts are
consequently light. The market ruled firm at
the recently advanced quotations.
There was not much change in vegetables.
Tomatoes arrived freely, but continued to meet
with a steady demand, and choice lots readily
commanded the top rate. The eight boxes of
bav Tomatoes that came in on Thursday were
sold at 65©75c per box. Choice Green Corn
was steady, but the receipts Included much
poor etock, which, dragged at the minimum
quotations. String, Wax and Lima Beans were
In ample supply, but moved off well at sus
tained prices. The market was still heavily
supplied with Cucumbers. Summer Squash,
Eggr Plant and Green Peppers, and dealers
were cutting prices in order to force sales.
POTATOES— New White. $1@1 50 per ctl
in «acks and $1 4001 75 in boxes, v.lth some
fancy higher; Early Rose, 75c@$l; Garnet
Chiles, $1@1 15; Sweet Potatoes from the river,
2<& 2 %c per lb.
ONIONS— 75®85c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn. $1@1 50 per
sack; crates from Alameda, $1 25<S1 75; from
Berkeley, $lgl 25: Green Peas, 2%@3c per
lb; 8trlng Beans, 2@:5c per lb; Wax. 2%^c;
Lima Beans. 3%®4c per lb: Tomatoes, 40/S^Oc
for large boxes from the river; Summer
Squach 20©35c per box. Cabbage. 75cgz$l per
ctl; Carrots, 75ctfj'$l per sack; Cucumbers, 23@
40c per box; Garlic, 283c per lb: Gr«"- Pep
pers. 25040c per box for Chile and 35S50c for
Bell; Green Okra. 65®75c per box; Egg Plant,
50S00C per box.
Potatoes, Onions' and Vegetables.
Articles — Open.' High.. Low. Close.
Wheat VNo. 2— . - ¦ •
Sept. (old) 79% .SO 79% 79%
Sept. (new) 79% . 80 ; 79% 79%
Dec. (new) 81 '81% 80% 80%
May 83% 83%-." 82%" 82%
Corn No. 2 —
September 52% . B2% B2 . B2%
December 52 * 52% v 52 .52
May 52% 62% 62% 62%
Oats No. 2—
September ....'. 34% '• 34% ' 34% • 34%
December 35% 35% 35 U 85%
May ..'. 37% ,37% 37% 37%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
September 13 40 13 40 13 15 13 32%
Lard, uer 100 lbs —
September 7 87% 7 97% 7 82% 7 92%
October 7 67% 7 67% 7 60 7 67%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
September 7 92% 7 95 7 10 7 87%
October 7 SO 7 80 7.70 7 72%
The exDOrts of lumber from Sar. Francisco
by M>a during the month of July were as fol
luws:
To — Feet. Values.
Australia 1.476.193 $50,847
Uexico 307.079 5.921
. >ctral America 133.492 3.<!22
IVm C72.8S4 21.713
Colombia 2ti.020 710
Hawaiian Islands 26.319 1.219
Tahiti 28.122 «33
Marsha'.l Inlands 7«,e«l l.»44
Samoan Inlands 4H.5«S! 2,ti00
FBnr.ir.g Island I.6S0 «
jaraa 23.M1
TotaJs 2.618,833 $89,537
Punst£» —
Great Britain 4.000 «0
Grand totals 2.K2.S33 $«3.587
. In Jajv. 1302. the exports were 01C.327 feet,
valued at $15,000. In that month 120.830 feet.
\~alued at fl!H4. was chipped as Uunnage on
M.e srain fleet.
Lumber Exports in July.
U S ref 2s reg.,100% Mexican Cent 4s. 70
I>o coup 106% Do 1st inc 17%
Do 3s reg iou% Minn & St L 4s. 67%
Do coup 106% M K & T 4s 06
Do new 4s reg. 134 Do 2ds .... 7flW
»o <•<>»>? • 134V; N Y Cent g 3%s. 05%
Do old 4s reg... 109% N J Cent g 5s?. 126%
£o co»P , 10 »i)i Nor Pacific 4s .. 03$
I>o 5s reg 101%l Do 3s 70«
Do coup 101% Nor & West c 4s 07#
Atch gen 4s 08% Read »en 4s . MU
Do adjt 4s .... 88 8t L & I M c Bb'iioiJ
Balto & O 4s ...101% fit L & SFfc.H
Do 3%s 02 St L 8 W lstT 02
Do Conv 4i ....10')% Do 2ds .. «9
Canada So 2ds ..108 S A & A P 4s"* 70
Cent of Ga 6s ...102% Southern Pac 4s 84%
Do 1st inc 68% Southern Ry 5s . lli«
Ches & O 4%s ..102H!Tex & Pac lsts 114
Chi & Alton 3%s. 70V. Tol St L * W 4s 70%
C B & Q n 4s.. 88% Union Pac 4s ..." «9%
C M & S P g 4s.I0rt%! Do conr 4 02%
O & N W con 7s.I29 Wabaah lsta ....I14U
C U I *- U 4-....UM1 J U,, -U- _W>.»2
Total sal es ....... 553, 700 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.*
NEW YORK. Aug. 7.— United Railroads of
San Francisco bond transactions. 2000 ai
$75 50: 10.OCM> at $75 75.
NEW YORK BONDS.
: Ftock — Sales. High. Low. Close.
1 AtchJs^n 34,«00 5« f.7% 68
1 Atchifon pfd 1.700 87% 80** t>7
1 Baltimore & Ohio.. 10,100 M% l'.n t go
'I Bait & Ohio pfd... 400 fe5\ SS^g is»%
' I Canadian Pacific... C!>.400 li£»t» H*> H'-»^i
1 Cent of New Jersey l. r >5
<"he*apeake & Ohio. 2.200 ::«> 23 2lt?s
i Chicago it Alton... 1.400 20'i 20 iOVj
i Chgo & Alton pfd.. 4dO «2% »:2% 62^
i Ch^o A (i >V&sti... 3.200 15% 14% 141,
i C & G W. B prd.. <H)0 2S'i 27 1* 27
, <*hgo & Nwtstn.... ki.0 lOUTi 157 156%
i Cr4,-o Term & Irn. 5<K» 9% SU *>•,»
Chgo T & T prd... 30O lil% 1!»% . 18} t
C. C. <: & St Louis. f>00 70 '4 70 6S
Colo Southern l.«0(i 12V* 11% 11%
Colo So let pfd.... 2.700 4S 4«>4 4«i%
Colo So I'd pfd..... 2.S00 19% 17}i l »*-
Del & Hudton ow 158 155 156%
1X1. Lack & W 2-iT»
I»en\«.T & Bio Gr.. 200 22 Vi 22 22
Den & R G pfd 74%
Erie S2.30O 25»i 21% 25V*
Erie lft pf<i 7,600 eii»B 64% 05
Erie 2d i>fd 800 17 4tt l«%
Great Nor j;fd 100
li. cJcing: Valley 300 «9 68 6S%
Hocking Val pfd *>0
Illinois Central ... 2,300 130 12SVj 12S%
Iowa Central 17
Iowa Central pfd.. lt«i 33 33 32%
Kans City So 100 20 20 19%
Kans City So pfd.. 2U0 30 35 3fi
Loultsvl & Nash... C.100 Iu2% 101% 101 »i
Manhattan Elev.-... A.WM 131^ 130*i 130 : J 4
Aletropol St Ry 4.3UU 115 112^ Hi
Minn & £t Louis 60
Misscpri Facific... 2t>,5<K} 92% Jn)% JHH;
Mo. Kans & Tex... NOO 18% 17 17%
Mo, K & Tex dH.. 1,200 oH% 37 37
Nat RR Mex pt«*.. 1.100 37 3G 36Vi
N Y Central 8.90O 120% 118% 119^
Norfolk & West 2.300 61 "4 UOVi «0%
Xor & West pfd S3
Ontario & West... 2,500 21% 20% 20%
Pennsylvania 15,400 122% J21% 121 Vi
p. c, c & at Louis ioo 5a sa 3J
Reading 35.100 49 47'i 48
Reading m pfd... 2<K> 80 79*i 7!»%
Reading 2d pfd.. . 100 «8 flC tlfl
Rock Island Co 34.600 21 ->i 20Vi 20"%
Rock M.~.nd Co pfd. 1.600 60-58 OS "
Ft Louis & S F 54
S L & S V 1st pfd 00
S L Or S F 2d pfd. 300 id 45% 40%
fit L Sowestcrn R00 13% 13 12%
St T, SoweJtn pfd.. 700 27 »i 25=4 • 20%
Ht Paul 27,»O0 138 £ 13<JVi lSV%t
St Paul pfd; JOO 170 170 1«»
Southern Pacific... 11. SOU 42% 40% 41
Southern Railway.. 18,l>00 20% 19V* 19)*
Southern Ry ptd... 4C0 81 Vj bllfc SIVi
Texas & Pacific 3.600 23 22 22%
Tol. St L L VV.. 1<3%
Tol. S L & W pfd 2.3
UniOTi Pacific 25.S0O 72 10% 10%
Unior. Pacific pfi.. 300 85% f > 5 85
Vabash l.COO 20% 19 JjHi
Wabash pfd 44,500 M^ '.'.n't ::i%
Wheei & L Erie.. 1.400 15 13V t 14
Wlfccrwln Central. 1.300 W% 1«% 16
Wisconsin Cen pfd. 2.300 37% 36 3«f4
Kxpress Companies —
Adams 221
American 176
United States 95
Wells Far*o 200
Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper.. 23,000 40»; 38% 33
Amer Car & Hound 2.400 :S2 31 31
Am Csr & V pfd.. 300 82 82 Hi -li
Amer L:nse*d Oil.. JOO 8 0 S»i
Amer Lin Oil pfd 29',i
Arntr Locomotive.. *.%0u0 18 17'/* 17 !
Amer Loco pfd... l.fWO *2 M>?i 82
Amer Smelt tc Ret. 1.900 42% 41% 42%
Am S & Kef pfd.. 4<jO 87 T /, 85>, 4 Sa' 4
Amer Sugar Ref... 4,fc«H> 113% 112 112U
Anaconda Min Co.. 4OW C9% C8% 07%
Brklyn Rap Tram-. 6,300 4.1% 42% 42U
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 300 , 44 43 42%
Col urn & Hock Coal 1214
Consolidated Gas... l.COO 175 17.T14 172
General Electric... f*0O 155Vi 153 152
International Paper IOO 10% 10% 10%
Interntl Pajwr pfd. 200 C4% C3% «4
International Pump' :54%
Interntl Pump prd 73
National I!l.«=cuit. .. 400 35% 34% 34%
National Lead 13%
North American 1000 72% 71% 71 \i
Pacific Mall GOO 10\ 18% 19%
People'* Gas 2.S00 fl.1% 61 01%
Pressed Bteel Car.. 800 39 3» .18
Pre«*d P Car pfd 79
Pullman Palace Car 210
Republic Steel 2,200 11 10%, 10
Republic Steel pfd. 2,100 «2 Cl C0%
Rubber Goods 1,200 13% 13 13
Rubber Goods pfd 64
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 800 38 SfJVi • 3«
V S Leather 2,800 7% 7 7
IT H Leather pfd... 700 78 77% 77
U 8 Rubber 'J00 8*4 8% 8%
IT fi Rubber pfd .X 34
IT H Kteel 28.200 22% 21% 21%
V. S Steel pfd 13.O00 70% dH'Z ?»
Western Union 1.100 82% 81% 82%
NEW YORK STOCK LIST
Exchange and renewal of financial difficulties
there. Even this did not disturb the ap
parent equanimity of the market. The tone
was heavy and slugrgieh all day. but the char
acter of the market was very different from
the acute weakness shown in the later stages
of the recent decline. What the cause of the
improvement was did not become known, al
though rumors to account for the change were
abundant. It was believed that w-me large
settlements had been effected by the taking
over of Important holdings of various stocks
by private agreement, thus relieving some
weak .points in the situation. Yesterday's
demonstration of buying power was accepted
«« evidence that important financial interests
were prepared to afford support to the market
if necessary to prevent it running Into de
moralization. Yesterday's supposition that a
vigorous upward movement of prices had been
determined upon by the financial powers that
be was seen to be without foundation. But
this did not prevent a feeling of comfort over
the check to the headlong downward course
of prices and the consequent contraction of
credits, which was threatening disaster. One
of the developments of the day was a Btronger
tone in the foreign exchange market, which
seemed rapidly approaching the gold-import
point In the last two days. It is an anomaly
of the situation that the firmer tone of ex
change afforded some relief to sentiment. The
heavy offerings of the last few days have
not been against commercial export."", but have
been of bankers' loan bills, which it was
feared represented an urgent pressure for
credits that could not be satisfied at home.
The lighter offerings of this class of bills to
day was reviewed with satisfaction.
To-morrow's bank statement promises to
chow a email loss in cash, the receipts on
balance from the interior being so much
smaller than last week as not to wlp« out the
lo?s by the banks to the sub-treasury of $3.
5UJ).OOO. It will be remembered that the banks
gained upward of $7,000,000 last week. The
outlook for loans is obscure and there is
nothing to indicate that the week'r liquida
tion in stocks will be any more reflected in
the loan item than was the disappointing case
last week.
Bonds were irresrular. Total tales, par
value. $2,135,(00.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands seU
about l%c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 10%c; medium. 9%c: light. 8%c*. Cow
Hides. 8%c for heavy and 8%c for light; Stags.
7c; Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal. 9%c: Salted
Calf, 10c: dry Hides, 16%c; dry Kip, 13c; dry
Calf. 18c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 25030c each;
short wool. 40050c each; medium, 70090c; long
wool, $101 60 each; Horse Hides, Bait, $2 75
for large and $2 2602 60 for medium. $2 for
small and 60c for Colts; Horse Hides dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 60 for medium, $101 23
for small and 60c for Colts. Buck Skins— Dry
Mexican, 32%c; dry salted Mexican, 26c; dry
Central American. 83c Goat Skins — Prime An
goras, 75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium. 35c;
small,- 20c. • .¦•¦-¦;.- [irxeoxl •¦-.''' r»irt
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered,. 4%0Sc pcr-.lb;
No. 2. 404%c; grease. 2%03%c
WOOL — Fall clip.— San Joaquln Lambs'. 90
12c; Foothill. 10012c; Middle County. 11013c.
Quotations for spring clip are as follows: Hum
bold t and Mendocino, 18020c; Nevada. 13@15c;
Valley Oregon, fine. 18019c; do. medium, 170
18c; do. coarse, 16017c per Ib.
HOPS— 15017%c to growers and 17%02Oc
from dealers to brewers.
Hides , . Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Some deafers are . reporting rather more in
quiry for . Beans at previous prices. There is
nothing new In Seeds.
BEANS— Bayos, $3 1003 25; Pea, $3 25;
Butters, $3 25; small -White, $2 7503; large
White, $2 75®3; Pink, $2 9003; Red. $2 9003;
Lima, $3 2503 50; Red Kidneys, nominal;
Blackeye, $2 65@2 90 per ctl; Horse Beans,
$1 2501 35. . . . - ;.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $1 7001 80; Canary,
6@f>V.c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape.
1%©2%c; Timothy. 6©6%c; Hemp, 3%©3%o
per lb; Millet, 3®3%c; Broom Corn Seed, $200
23 ler ton.
DRIED PEAS— Green, $202 25 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
~ocal Stocks and Bonds still dull.
AVtc York Stocks easier and irregular.
Silver and Exchange rates undisturbed.
Wheat futures lower. Barley a fraction off.
Oats and Rye firmly held at previous prices.
Liberal shipments of Corn on the zcay front the West.
Hay easy and arriving freely. Feedstuffs firm.
Butter market largely ruled by Eastern imports at the moment.
Cheese dull and in heavy supply. Eggs featureless.
Provisions quiet and featureless in all positions.
Buyers jand sellers of Hogs apart in their views.
Cattle and Sheep in sufficient supply and unchanged.
Patotoes and Onions selling off well.
Poultry and Game about as before quoted.
Very little fluctuation in fresh Fruits.
There is rib further change, either In Hay or
Feedstuffa. The latter continue firm with
light offerings, while Hay is easy and coming
in heavily. < .
BRAN— $24 60@25 50 oer ton.
MIDDLINGS— $27030 Der ton.
SHORTS— $24@25 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $23024 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26026 60;
Jobbing $27027 60; Cocoanut Cake, none here;
Corn Meal, $33 60@34 50; Cracked Corn, $340
85; Mixed Feed, $23@24; Horse Beans. $30 per
ton. ¦<¦¦¦¦
HAY — Wheat. $11®13 50; Wheat and Oat,
$10Q12: Oat, $0@12 60; Barley. $9@11: Clover,
$8 50Q 11; Stock. $8@9; Alfalfa, $8 50010 56
per ton. ' ¦ . •• •
STRAW— 50©60c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 12 %c per lb for
heavy. 13c for light medium. 15c for light.
15%c for extra light, 17%c for sugar-cured and
18%c for extra surar-cured ; Eastern sugar
cured Hams, 15%e; California Hams, 15%c:
Mess Beef. $11 60012 per bbl: extra Mess. $120
12 50; Family. $13 50; prime Mess Pork, $19;
extra clear, $25; Mess. $20: Dry Salted Pork.
12%c; Pig Pork. $28; Pigs' Feet. $3 25; Smoked
Beef. 15c per lb.
' LARD^ — Tierces quoted at 7%c per lb for
compound and lO01O%c for pure; half barrels.
pure. 10%@10%c; 10-lb tins, lO%011e; 5-lb
tins ll%c; 3-lb tins. ll%c
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 8Se; three
half barrels, 9%c; one tierce, 0%c; two tierces,
9%c; five tierces, 9%c per lb.
Chicago was lower on the day. with large
receipts of Hogs, a poor demand and no spec
ulation of any consequence. ¦ .
This market continues unchanged. Dealers
report a fair movement in cured Meats.
Provisions.
Money— 202% per cent-
The rate of discount In the open market for
short bills Is 2% per cent and for three months'
bills 2^ per cent.
Cons for money.. 91% N Y Central. 123%
Cons for acct.... 91Vi Nor & V-est 63
Anaconda 3<* Do pfd 8b
AtchUon 60%Ont & West 22
Do pfd 90 Pennsylvania 63
Bal & Ohio S3% Rwd Mines % .... 9%
Can Pacific 125% Reading . . . .» . . .. 29%
Ches & Ohio 30% Do 1st pfd 41%
Chi Great \Vest..l40fc Do 2d pfd 33%
Chi. Mil & St P. 132 So Railway 20%
Do Beers 19ft Do pfd 84
Den & Rio G 23 .Bo Pacific 43%
Do pfd 76% i Unlon>raclnc .... 74
Erie 26U Do prd 87%
Do 1st pfd 66«&jU 8 Steel 22%
Do 2d pfd 4S%! Dp pfd .lfc
111 Central mUiWabash^ 21
Louis & Nash. ..105% Do pfd 34
Mo. Kans & Tex. 19 I
Bar silver— Steady. 25%d per ounce.
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 12 jLlttle Chief 06
Alice 22'Ontarlo 6 50
Breece 15 Ophlr 165
Brunswick Con .. 04 Phoenix 08
Comstock Tunnel. .06% 'Potosl 19
Con Cal & Va....l 50 Savage 19
Horn Sliver 1 CO IMerra Nevada .... 60
Iron Silver .1 50 Small Hopes 20
Leadvllle Con 02, Standard 3 00
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— | Mining—
I'all Loans 3 04% Adventure 5%
Time loans ...3%© 1 6 Allouez 4%
Bonds — Amal Copper .... 39 <
Atchison 4s 97 Blngham . ... . . . . 21 %
Mex Central 4s.. 70 Calumet & Hecla.425
Railroads— j Centennial 14%
Atchison 58 Copper Range- ... 41
Do prd 86% Dom Coal 82
Boston & Albany.245 ; Franklin 8
NY N H & H..195 Isle Royale 6%
Fltchburg pf d .... 133 Mohawk ......... 85 ty
Union Pacific ... 70% Old Dominion ... 11%
Mex Central .... 14% Osceola 60
Miscellaneous — Parrot 17%
Amer Sugar 112ViQulncy ...... 90
Do pfd 117 'Santa Fe Copper. 1%
Amer Tel & Tel. 130 jTamarack ... 80
Dom Iron & Steel. 9 .Trimountain 80'
Gen Electric 153 (Trinity t>
Mass Electric ... 20%'Unlted States .... 17
Do pfd "9% Utah 24
United Fruit .... 95% Victoria 8%
U S Steel 21% Wlnona «%
Do pfd 69% Wolverine 63
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
C C C & S L * 4s. 95 Do Deb B..... 64
Chi Term 4s 71% West Shore 4s ..107
Colo & So 4s 86 Wheel & L E 4s. 87
D & R G 4s 98 Wls Cent 4s 88*4
Erie prior lien 4s. 9tJ Con Tobacco .... B5«»
Do gen 4s 81 Polo Fuel & I... 77%
Ft W & D C lsts.10414 Pennsylvania .... 95
Hocking Val 4%s.lO4S I Jock Island 75
Manhattan 100% U 8 Steel 78
Louis & N Uni 4s. 98%>
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
CHICAGO, Aug. 7.— Wheat had a. sharp set
back from the advance it made yesterday and
the market ruled weak the greater part of the
session.* Opening prices were weak on a Se
vere decline at Paris, together with excellent
harvest weather in the Northwest, and Sep
tember was off %c to #c at 79%@79%c. There
was quite general selling at the start, with
some of the- large commission houses and some
local longs prominent in that side of the mar
ket, and after touching 80c September started
on the down grade, and although there were
so me reactions the general t tendency < was
downward. The Northwest- and St. Louis
markets were lower, which added to the de
pression here. After selling down. to , : .78Hc
September rallied somewhat, but the close was
weak and %@?ic lower at 79%c, which, with
local receipts of 135 cars. 15 of contract grade,
made total receipts for the three points of 264
cars.
Notwithstanding the weakness j in . wheat,
corn prices held comparatively firm, but trad
ing was of small volume. The weather gen
erally was more favorable and the movement
was freer, cables were strong, and but for the
decline in wheat the market would have made
a good advance. After selling between 52c
and 62%c September closed unchanged at
62%c. < ,-¦ S ¦ ¦
Oats ruled fairly active and held steady in
spite of the weakness In wheat. Liberal ship
ments of contract oats - was a help to prices.
The close was steady, with 'September %o
lower at S4%c, after ranging between 34 %c
and 34t4c. - .- - .
Provisions sold off sharply early in the day,
du« to offerings from outside sources and some
selling by packers, but later a fair demand de
veloped for lard and thd whole list responded
in the upturn. Trading was quiet .on the
whole. September pork closed 20c - rawer, at.
$13 27%; September lard was 2%c higher at
$7 92%, and September ribs were off 10c to
12%c at ?6 86@7 87%.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
Mornlns Session.
15 Alaska Packers' Assn 143 50
400 Hana Plantation Co 15
125 Mutual Electric Light 12 B0
20 S V Water, cash 83 25
Afternoon Session.
Board —
100 Hana Plantation Co I.\
<1000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s 119 30
$ 1000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s 119 25
(1000 S F & S J V bonds 120 00
Alaska Pack.143 — Oceanic S Co 7 7%
Tal Fruit As. — OOH Pac A F A. 2*4 —
Lai Wine As. 06 08 Pac C Borx.lSO —
Giant 69 70 jVlgortt 5*4 594
SUGAR.
Hana P Co.. — 43c Kllauea 8 C. — *A4
Hawaiian C. 44 4«v, Uakawell C. 20 23
Honokaa S C 12 12% »>nomea S C. 23 24
Hutch S P C 12% — iPaauhao S C 14 —
MISCELLANEOUS.
POWDER.
Ger S & L-. — 2275 Sav & L So. 02% —
Hum S & L. — — Sec 8av Bk-400 600
Mutual Sav. 03 — Union T Co.2150 —
S F Bav U..600 730
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..200 — IPresidlo .... 33 43
Geary — «O )
SAVINGS BANKS.
BANK STOCK3.
Am Natl Bk.125 — ]Lon P A A.165 —
Anglo-Cal .. KIV, — 'Merch Trust. 20rt 250
Bank of Cal.520 — I Merch Ex ..53 75
C S D & T.. 142^160 S F Nation!. — —
First Nattonl — — \
Prices for almost everything remain about as
quoted last week. Fruits show more change
than anything else. Sweet Potatoes are now
coming " in.
COAL. PER TON—
Wellington ..$ — ©10 00;New
feattle $— Q S 50; Wellington $— «10 OO
tfosryn $ — & ft 00 Coos Bay ...$ — © 7 BO
Richmond . ..$— @ if 50 Oreta $— <Q 9 00
DAIRY PRODUCE. ETC.—
Butter, choice. sq30<860jRanch Eggs ...3G$33
Do good 40ft 45 Eastern Eggs ...— ®23
Cheese, Cal 15020; Honey, comb. p«r
Cheese. Eastern.. 20^23 pound 13@20>
Cheese. Swiss . .23©35 Do extracted .. 8910
Common Eggs .. — @25'
MI^.TSr^PER POUND-r-
Bacon 13&22 Pork Sausage.. 12%G15
Hama 18© 18 Smoked Beef ...— C2O
Lard 13©— I ¦
The San Francisco Butchers' Protective. As
sociation gives the following retail prices for
meats :
Roast Beef 10<aiS Htndqrtr Lamb.. MtJ20
Tenderloin Steak. 15®19 Foreqrtr Mutton. 8010
Porterhse. do.l7%<©22% Leg Mutton ...12H013
Sirloin Steak.. 1 2Hf?13 Uutton Chops.. 12%O1*
Round Steak ..10012% Mutton Stew SfrtO
Beef Stew — ffllOl Roast Veal 12&20
Corned Beef K©10{V*al Cutlets 13020
Soup Bones .... 40— Veal Stiw 12Um.t
Soup Meat 5010 Roast Pork ...12%/yft
Lamb Chops ... — ©20 Pork Chops . ...l&gplS
ForeqrtrLamb .12%'&13
POULTRY AND GAME—
Hens, each 50©80 Oeese. each .....91 C5
Toung Roosters. Goslings II 50
each 60693 Pigeons, pair ...4099O
Old Roosters, ea.50063 Squabs, per palr.330SO
Fryers, each 4O3 50! Rabbits, each ..— <S2O
Broilers, each 25040. Hare, each —CIO
Turkeys, per lb.. 23024 Wild Doves. dz..$l 80
Ducks, each CO073J
FRUITS AND NUTS —
Apricots, per Ib. 40 8 Limes, dos .....— 015
AUlgtr Pears, ea.20025 Lemons do* ....13023
Almonds 13020 Loganberries, pn
Apples 80 5 drawer — ®40
Blackberries, dr.. 23030 Nectarines lb ... — O S
f'antaloupes 15025 Nutmeg Mel. e*. 6© «
Cranberries, qt... — ©23 Oranges, doa . ...2W5O
Crabapples. lb . . 30 4 Plums. Ib 4« «
Currants, pr dr..6O075 Peaches, per lb.. 6*^ 6
Pecans .— 020 Pears, per lb .. A$S
Brazil. Nuts- 20©— Pineapples. ta...S3063
Bananas, doa . .—©30 Raisins, per tb. . 8013
Chestnota — 012Vi Raspberries drw3303O
Cocoanuts. each.— <Q10; Strawberries per
Dried Figs, pr lb — 0io| drawer ...'.... .35050
Fresh Figs, pr Ib.ioeisl Tangerines, do*.. 13020
Grapes, pr Ib ... 5© BjJValnuts. per lb..l5O20
Grape Fruit, da. 50«$t Watermelons ea.l0eS3
Huckleb'ries. lb— 012^1
VEGETABLES —
Artichokes. doz...30@40 Leeks.dz bunehs.13020
Asparagus, lb . 8<Q>12V» Lima Beans, lb.—<a S
Beets, dozen lOfe — Onions per lb.. lffl :t
Beans, white, lb. 5^— Okra dried lb. .—023
Colored, per lb 5@ — Potatoes, lb ... — 02 Vi
Dried Lima. lb... «••?» s Parsnips p»r dz.l5O2t)
Cabbage, each .. B"©10 Rhubarb* lb .... — 0 3
Celery, head &®10 Radlshes'.dz bchsl303>
Cress, dz bunch. 13© — Sage, dz bunches230 —
Cucumbers, dz.... 10015 .String Beans lb. 60 S
Garlic — © 6, Summer Squash.
Green Corn. doi.2504O| per lb 30 S
Oreen Peppers, lb 4# 6 Sprouts, per lb.. — 0 —
Dried Peppers .. 10«ft2T> Spinach, per lb.. — 0 5
Egg Plant — & CiThyrae.dz bnchs.23030
Green Peas, lb .. 60 SiTurnlps. per dz..—^15
Lettuce per doz. 13020' Tomatoes, lb ... 30 S
FISH—
Parracouta — ©15 8«a Bass — ©15
I'arp 10(312 H Smelts — 013
jatflsh —ei-V, Holes 12H013
Codfish „ —^12 >«i | Skates each ...10015
Flounders 100— 'Squid ". — #10
Halibut 150— Tomcod 12«4<6—
Herrinir — 9 — Turbot 200—
Mackerel — ©13 Trout. Salmon ..—033
Do horse 1»sj> — jTrout — 04O
Rockflsh —0131 Brook Trout ...—073
lalmon. fresh — 015|Whiteflsh 103—
Do smoked ... — ©25!Clams. gallon ..500 —
Sardines 100— j Do hardshell.ib 8010
Shrimps — ® — CrawSsh ....r:..— © —
Shad 10®— Crabs, each ..12H»15
Striped Bass ... — *t 15 Mussels quart. — <612'i
Perch lO!^—: Oyster*. Cal. 100.40030
Pomplno ' 50<pe<V Do Eastern.dz.30fM
Hockcod 50Q65I
Muscatels. 5c; Seedless Sultanas, 6c; Seedless
Thompsons. 5%c; 2-crowa Lonaon Layers. 20
lb boxes, $1 40 per box; 3-crown. $1 60; 4
crown fancy clusters. 20-lb boxes. (2; 2-crown
Dehesas, 20-lb boxes. $2 50; 6-crown Imperials,
20-lb boxes, $3; Seeded, f. o. b. Fresno, fancy.
1-lb cartons. 7%c; choice, 7%e.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 12%»13c;
No. 2. 10%©ll%e; No. 1 hardshell, ll%012c;
No. 2. loeiOUc; Almonds, lie for Nonpareils.
10%@llc for I X L, 10@l6%c for N« Plus Ul
tra and 8©8%c for Languedoc; Peanuts, 5©7o
for Eastern; Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $4 SO
©5.
HONEY — Comb, new, nominal: new water
white extracted. 6%@6c; light amber extract
ed, 6@5%c; dark, nominal.
BEESWAX— 27@29c per lb. \
jobbing demand is reported on all sizes. Quo
tations range from 3c to 7c for all grades. . .
APRICOTS — Are moving more freely and are
firm, but unchanged, with choice quoted at 8@
8%c and fancy at 10@l2c.
PEACHES— Are quiet, with choice held at 7
6" He and fancy at 8@8Hc.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 BO per 100 lbs; Rye
Flour, $3 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour,. $7;
Corn Meal, $3 50; extra cream do, $4 £5; Oat
Groats, $4 60; Hominy, $4 25@4 CO; Buckwheat
Flour, f4 50®4 75; Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Fa
rina, $4 60; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 75; Rolled
Oats. bbls. $7©8 60: in . sacks. $6 60@8 10;
Pearl Barley. $6: Split Peas, boxes. $7; Green
Peas, $5 60 per 100 lbs.
' FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 6<*3
4 85, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 60@4 60;
Oregon and Washington, $3 90@4 20 per bbl
for family and $3 90®4 40 for Bakers'.
Flour 'and Millstuffs.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 8, 1903.
\fAMILY RETAIL MARKEl\
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
NEW FRUIT— Apricots, 6%©9o for Royals
and 9@10c for Moorparks: Evaporated Apples.
5%60%c; Peaches. 4%@7c for fair to good
stock; Pears., nominal at 7c
OLD FRUIT — Kvaporated Apples. 4®3%c;
sun-dried. 304c; Peaches. 4®5Vjc: Pears. 4©
4%c for quarters and 5®6%c for halves; Nec
tarines, 465c for white: Plums, 406c for pitted
and 101%c for unpitted; Figs, 3%©4o for black
and 4®5c for white. . •
c PRUNES— 1002 crop. 2%©2%e for the four
sizes,- with %®lc premium for the large sires.
RAISINS — 1902 crop are quoted as follows:
2-crown . loose Muscatels, 60-lb boxes. 6 He per
"•*• ¦ ,¦».«—» KaCat irffown. Rnj SaadUu. Iao**
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisuis, Honey.
NEW YORK. Aug. 7.— Today's rtook nur
k»* started upward in continuation of yes
ter<Jay'e late movement toward recovery, but
!t i.».-r-ame apparent very quickly that the
turthcr advance In price* wai encountering
»sl«i to take profits on yesterday'* iate rise.
The buying movement also seemed to have
Fp^nt it* force and there was no disposition
*hown to follow the advance In prices. On
the other hand It was apparent lhat support
was forthcoralng for the market on declines
and there was no renewal of *.h« tone of
demoralization such ea characterized, the mar
ket yesterday morning before the rally set in.
Even the resumption of liquidation In apots.
which *-as easily perceptible, was taken calmly
by the markK, which developed no appear
ance of AlrorSer at any time. There was free
*«"!ling of tome of the Western grain-carriers,
New York Central and the cperlaltle:. Pres
rure was renewed on Vlnrlnia-Carrllnj Chem
ical t.nd it was believed that collateral for
'¦< i.-ri* was being thrown on the market again.
I^eter in the day raiding tactics by the bears
Fhnu-ed themselves dlntlnctly, eepeclally in
Canadian Pacific, which was forced dswn 4
points on the circulation of baseless rumors
•JiMriaa- the dosing on the Montreal Stack
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
11
ADVEBTIBFiTfTKNTS.
Prior to going East to
float a Tonopah Mining
Proposition, I offer Califor-
nians a chance to become
identified with me on own-
er's basis. The property is'
good and. the price is reason-
able. . Call or write for in-
terview.
J. S. C. THOMPSON,
822 Hay ward Bldg.
Telephone Main 5803.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 8, 1903.
12
SAX FRAKCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
BBtl! 12 o'clock every nigbt tn the year. .
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. rn.
800 Hayes etreet; open until 9:30 p. m .
€39 McAllister etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
616 Larkln etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
1S41 Mission street: open until 10 p. rn.
22C1 Market etreet. corner Sixteenth: open
until 9 p. tn.
10fr Eleventh etreet: epen until 9 p. m.
losfe Valencia etreet; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; cpen until 9 p. m.
_?00 Flllmore ftreet: open until 9 p. m.
CHURCH^ S^yjL 0^ 15 .*
FIRFT^TjniteoVPresbyterian Church, corner
Golden Gate" ave. and Polk st.— Preaching
to-morrow at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m. by the
pastor. H. H. Bell^D. D. Morning theme,
•The Mighty Mei# of David." E' enlng
theme, "Doubt and Its Remedy." Sabuath-
school _t 9:45 a. m. Christian Endeavor so-
cieties at 5:30 and «>:30 p. m. Strangers
oordlally Invited to all services. Pews free.
Courteous ushers. Come, and bring your
friends.
MEETISG NOTICES.
IHJRIC Lortce No. 216, F. and A. M.— m
Speoial meeting THIS (SATURDAY)
EVENING at 7 :3O o'clock. First de- /V\
cree. By order of the master.
J. n. GOLDSMITH, Secretary.
ENCELEIOR Degree Lodge No.
¦• I o O. F. — Regular meeting i?j{jBja»-^
THIS .SATURDAY) EVENING. 5*£jCS|U|g?
Second degree. _^ _ cORTM. "-TIT
gEMI-ANNUAL social and bai: wlvaA.,
distribution of medals for the mill- Sr^riS
tary sectl >n cf last target Miootir.g J§OT
of the Austrian Military and Benevo- » r §sW
lent Association will be held THIS
• SATURDAY) EVENING at 507 Sutter St..
Austrian Hall. The friends are cordially in-
vited to attend . Military section to be pres-
ent in full uniform.
JOHN M. RUSSELL,
Captain In Command.
E. gHEIBATTM, First Sergeant.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cenU — The Weekly Call.
16 paxes, in -wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
AGENTS WASTED.
C AGENT9"^make .V»0 per cent profit celling
"Novelty Sign Cards"; merchants buy 10 to
10<» on "eight; 800 varieties: samples free.
Sullivan Co.. 1139 MaplewooU ave.. Chicago.
AN active and int?lil*ent canvasser can earn
not le*« than ?200 per month; must have
good references. fc=ecreiary. room 201, Epreck-
«is Annex.
WANTED— 2 or 8 house to house canvassers:
good position for tint-class men. Apply at
1114 Washington ft., Oakland, bet. 9 and 12
a. rn.. room 3.
APABTKCE-TS TO LET.
COME out to-day and eee El Monterey, a hand-
tome new brick apartment house, jurt com-
pleted; of old Spanish mission architecture;
iocated on the north side of Pine et.. bet.
Hyde and Leavenworth: equipped with every
modern convenience for refined housekeeping;
electric elevators and electric l'.ghts; hot and
cold water; Janitor service; gas range, etc. ;
the apartments consist of three and four
rocms. furn ifhed and unfurnished, and range
in price from $30 per month and upward;
p.pertments may te engaged .^jow on the
premise.
ASTROLOGY.
Artrology taught, horoscopes cast. Prof. Ray-
Bond. b'-oki-l rr. tXu Ellis. By mail if desir*d.
ATTORNEYS AT _AAV.
ADVICE FREE— ALL LEGAL MATTERS/
DIVORCE AND PROBATE CASES.
No pay in advance — No charge vithout
Success; eetatee. attachments, dam_i;es.
R. C. ADAMS.
Room 316, third floor. Exa~iner building.
ROBT. W. KING, Etty-at-law, Examiner bid.,
nn . €11; all cases, damages, mates. wlll»,
attachments, collections, etc.; consultation
free: Bo advance charges; call cr write;
tvcojitt by appointment. Tel. ll«4 3C0L
PROMPT attention u> all cases; dlvorce.esta.tOb.
collections; no fees unless successful ; call or
*ritej evee. Tue*. and Fri.; est. 15 yrs. ED-
WARD ACKLEY. 027 Market: tel Jessie 1M0.
?DVLCE free — I will advance coet in meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probate and all other law
ca»es; do J**-* in advance; open .every even-
tec 3- M. THTJRSTON. 819 Market St.. r. 31.
ADVICE free; divorcee a specialty .quick, quiet;
no charge without tcecess; established 15 yrs.
G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market et.. opp. Hale'r
L. S. CLARK. Emma. Epreckels bldg.. 927 __r-
ket St.; consultation free: no fees in advance.
AITKEN & AITKEN. attorneys, rs. 309-10-11
Clunle blfig.. t.03 California et. : tel. Main 727.
BIRDS. DOGS. ETC.
XOVXO talking parrota,$5 each ;Gei— _a singing
canaries. $2; we will try to please rou;every-
thing tn our line at right prlcea. 1S4« Market.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
$10110— CIGAR ttore near Market and Third.
$'<*! — Cigar store in wholesale -district.
$1000 — Old established wood & coal business.
fll.ooO — Ladles' furn. an<1 art store; bargain.
OCCIDENTAL INVESTMENT AND REAL-
TY CO.. :;1S Kearny st.
FOR sale— At Yountville, Cal., a 0-room road-
house and bar, furnished, piano included;
owner wish** to so East. Address MRS. J.
E. COPTKLLO, Yountvllle. Napa Co., Cal.
$750 — PARTNER wanted; old established whole-
pale fruit and produce? business; business re-
quires more help; good chance. Box 4981. Call.
$375 BUYS paying corner ealocn; good stock;
ewell fixtures; safe, cash register; low rent;
make offer to-day; departure.. 204 Fourth st.
TAILORS — For sale, old established Ijushellng
«hop. Apply 1505 Market, off Van Ness.
RESTAURANT; rushing business; seating 52;
*nap: no Sunday work; departure. bt<(
Fourth et. *
SAVINGS bank depositors — A gilt-edge 5 pel
cer.t tecuritv In email lots. Address by mail.
HENRV BROCK. 731 Baker St.
.fSOOO WILL buy interest in long-established
wholesale and commission business: invest-
ment will pay 15%. Box 4274. Call.
FOR sale — Grocery and bar; old established
business; owner retiring. 11S1 Howard et.
FIRST-CLAKS bowling alleys in lively baj
town for rent. Address box 46:;8. Call.
$275 BUYS paying cigar store to-day; new
stock; bargain; register; rent $15. 218 Third.
FIKS-T-CLA6S bakery for sale in country
to* a. Address Box SOS, Call offlce. Oakland.
Halrtfresfcing parlors ;cheap: value in Right: good
locution: retiring, lir.:; Market, bet. 7th-8tn.
GENERAL blacksmith and shoeing shop; good
location. 15 Spear st.
OUTSIDE route No. 4 this paper for sale.
Inquire hardware store. 19th and Folsom ats.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subiscriptloni
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements arid
mbscriptions has been established at 1000
Valencia rt. r-
LODGING-HOUSES FOIl SALE.
100 ROCMS; house for men; rent $140 $400Q
tS roo— »; south of Market; rent S100. 2000
24 rooms; corner; part cash; bal. easy. 850
11 roome; rood Income; rent SUO 350
21 roome; **nter front; rent $40; lease. 650
120 rooms; gocd lease; low rent 650C
67 rme.: apartments; Western Ad6; rent. 25«
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, roadhouses. flats. 5 to 100 rooms
EITEL A CARROLL. 212 Kearny it.
MARIAN GRIFFIN, rm. 4d>. Examiner bldg —
Hotels. Apartment Houses. Flats and
ROOMING HOI'PES. A P.IO FKKE LIST.
CAKFET-nEATINO ASD CLEA.M.VC,
AIR, coropreseed. dry, ice cold. Is now univer-
sally used in sanitarily cleaning carpets, oa
flcor. without removal or Injury; prices mod-
erate. Apply 8. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANINO CO.. Call big.; phone Main f.i'<7.
WHEN you become distrusted with your work
eend for SPAVLDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat.
Ing Works. 3S5-3S7 Tehama sL : tel. South 40.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-besting Co.. J. McQueen
proprietor. 229 Guerrero at., tel. Mint Ion 49.
TRT HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating"!
mattress^ made over. 1432 Howard :South 21 1
AlAANCF. Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.:
**1. Main 3»4 GEO WAKOM & CO.. Props.
HUDOLPH St CO.. carpet-beating works; price*
reasonable. 1703 Harrison et.: tel. Mission 263.
- CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
3.n <V>M..n <".»t» live.: t*l»nhone Kast 12<V
CHinoPODlSTS.
DUXLAP TOOT INSTITUTE, 60 Geary— AU
aliments of the feet rured: corns, bunions. eto.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
ADVICE fre«; bad tenants ejected speedily. CO-
LUMBIAN LAW AGCY., r. 85. »1« Market;
tel. Red €18; collections; sen'l law business.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
•CO.. 415 Moptromery. room* Q-10: tel. 55K0.'
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE. S rooms and bath: rent $11; no chil-
dren. lb*> Nevada ave., cor. Cortland ave.
gPIBJTPA-ISM.
RE \Yrs JV ? > 'j. Whitney, trance clairvoyant
business medium and life reader. 416 Turk
et.. room 2. first floor (Hotel Reglna).
MME. SWANSON. spiritual medium and card
reader. 17 Fourth st. _^
DR. Collins, only trance writing medium on the
coast, circle to-night, S. . 1049A Market st.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings daily.
9:30 to 4; teances -Sunday and Thursday.
KATIE HEUSSMANY circle Friday evening.
sittings. 1000 Harrison St.. cor. Sixth.
CLAIRVOYANTS; "U
XH CALL ATONCE AND SAVE $2.
My Regular $3 Reading This Week for
*1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 *1 51
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE,
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make you no charge If I fail to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for; I promise
to tell you whether husband, wife or sweet-
heart is true or false; to tell whom and when
you will marry; In fact, I will tell you every
hope, fear or ambition better than you can tell
yourself. He restores lost affections, reunites
the separated, causes epeedy and happy mar-
riages, makes you successful and prosperous,
cures disease and lost vitality without medi-
cine, locates hidden treasures; hours 10 a m. to
8 p.m.: Sundays 2 to 8. 326 O'Farrell at.. 326.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly. glve« an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portray* events to
occur In the future; If you are in trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied in life, or have do-
mestic, love or business troubles, consult this
rreat medium and you will be told how to
overcome them; valuable advice in all affairs
of life; 25c up; satisfaction guarantee! ; read-
; ings by mall. Tel. Black 4669. > ,
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
»t., cor. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m. ; readings by mail as satisfac-
tory as In person; 3 questions answered. $1;
full life, $5; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth; don't send currency. Send postofflce,
Wfcllf-Fargo meney order cr registered letter.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reade-, born with a double veil and sec-
ond Eight; tells the past, present and future;
ladles, COc; gents, $1; by cards, palmistry
and clairvoyant sitting; %\ 50. 126 Turk st.
j Mrs. A. H. Kronenberg, palmist, clairvoyant,
I card reader, will give a good reading. 10c, for
I a short time only; when others fail try me to
; convince yoursslf. 402 Franklin, near Grove.
j A — Mm- Ravenna reads life, business advice; ;
i names given; 25c up. 6 4th st , near Maricet. j
M. BELLE RUSSELL, palmist. 65 Third St.;
i ladies, 50c; gents, $1; hrs. 10-9 (ex. Sunday).
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
26 J ,i Kearny, room 20; ladies 25c, gents 50c.
MRS. £HAF_K, clairvoyant can; reader; sit- ;
tings dally. 44g% Jessie gt. bet. 5th and 6th.
DEXT1STS.
j DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 MarketTnr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth i
\ from $S per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 50; fillings, 60c;
plates. $5; full set; all work painlees and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth sL
: GOLD filling. $1; silver. 50c; crowns, $2. Elite |
! Dental Ins-t.. $38 Market; open evenings. ;
PARIS Dental Parlors. 2r>5 Kearny, cor. Bush— r
Set teeth, $1 &O up; crowns, $2 up; flllings,25c.
GOLD fillings 76c, silver 35c. crowns $2; no
pain: open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
10 PER CENT off this month; estimates free.
New York Dentists. 9C9 Mission et., cor. 6th.
JQRESSMAK^HS A^SEAMSTIIKSSES.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any pattern a cut to measure. 1013 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting, Stew-
j art's button &. buttonhole factory. HO Taylor.
I ¦ ¦
D-XIXO- AND C-J-AJ-XG.
SEA breezes sweeten all garments, blankets,
lace curtains, etc.. done by the Presidio
Heights Dye Works 3915 Sacramento; phon*
for wagon. V»'egt 453. H. HICKMAN. pres.
EDUCATIONAL.
A — CALDWELL College of Oratory, Acting,
Opera and Authorship; largest In the West;
14 teachers; positions guaranteed: fall term
begins Sept. 7; day _ evening class; beautiful'
new catalogue free. 1295 Market, cor. Ninth.
8AN FRANCISCO Business College, 123ft Mar-
ket; modern, progressive, practical; estab-
lished 15 years. Gregg shorthand, fastest,
easiest, most readable. Actual business
bookkeeping; typewriter at home free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post, S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches;
day and night sessions; lllus. catalogue free.
AYRES, the Icdlng business college, 723 Mar- '
ket Ft. ; special summer course In all depart-
ments: handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
chip, $50; day and evening sessions.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; est. 20 years; 1412 Polk st., bet.
• Pine and California; adult class now open;
children's class will open Sat. aft.. Aug. 15.
j CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkin *t.
"A thorough school": positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; individual In-
struction. Write for illustrated catalogue.
THE Berlitz School of Languages has removed
to 1000 Van Ness ave.; rates reduced during
summer. Send for catalogue.
ENGINEERING — fcivil. dec. min.. mech..sur-
vey. assay, cyanide; daj% eve.; est. 1864. Van
oer Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SYSTEM, discipline and results; the Golden
Gate Commercial College. Van Ness and
Golden Gate aves..S.F.;flns every requirement
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonla Hall. Howard
Et.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electrlclty.24 Post
*t.. S. F.; a practical school of engineering:
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTONS. 424 Pine st. .. .Night 'class
SrANISII Academy— Professor Arribas ; classes
day and evening; private lessons. 834 Sutter.
LESSONS given in Water Color or Oil Paint-
Ing from Natur>. CURRIER. 372 Sutter st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve,; $5 mo. 1024 Mission.nr.6th.
j Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Plttman shorthand, typing, bookkpg.. $8 mo.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
j GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post st?: tel. BtMh rlS5—
j Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
Dl*heg best help; contracts for farm help. etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Offlce — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp Office 415
Stockton; tel. Grant 1C8; expert, reliable help.
CHINESE Employment Offlce — Best help at
Leon Senng'a. 41 1% O'Farrell: tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
3ce; all kinds help 315 Stockton: Main 5IoS.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTKD KE MALE.
A SECOND girl, young, strong, especially neat
looking, wants a place; has good «lty ref-
erem-ee. Call at MISS PLUNKETTS, 425
Sutter st. I'honc Main 5<72.
1 WOMAN witihe* work by the day; sweeping,
cleaning windows, etc.; any part of city.
2M4 Twenty-first st. .
WANTED- Situation wanted 71 cook; German
and French cooking; flrst-clafls references;
wagpj ££> up. 1C0 Leavenv.xrth st.
WOMAN wants work by day. laundry or
cleaning: terns $1 25. Call or address Laun-
dresy. 350 Fifth st.
YOUNG woman would like charaberwork In
hotel or private family. Tel. Church 1SC8.
AN experienced colored nurse would like po«l-
tlon as nurse for Infant or grown children;
no cards. Box 4K33. Call.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Baiaar. 633 McAllister st.
EMI'LOV.MEVr WAJVTED MALE.
A RESPONSIBLE position wanted by a man
(31) of genteel appearance, sober habits and
reliability, whose wide experience among In-
fluential men of affairs here and In England
fully equips him for good service. Box
4S)tf), Call offlce.
STENOGRAPHER— Position wanted by a
young man <30) an private secretary or con-
fidential clerk; reliable, temperate and ex-
1 perienced; New York references. Box 4989
Call offlce.
POSITION ' of trust and responsibility by
young man of years of practical business ex-
perlen<.-e: recommendations and bonds. Box
4<:.*,!«, Call office.
RELIABLE elderly man wishes position about
private place or care-taker of farm or coun-
try place; strong and willing. Box 4658. Call.
YOUNG, man willing to work; experienced in
saddlery, hardware and harness goods; would
like to have a position. Box 4932, Call.
, AN experienced young man wishes situation as
porter or do any kind of work. Box 4tt93,Call.
STEWARD — Position wanted by a good all-
round man in hotel or club; the best of
Eastern and California refe*«ace-. Address
U. BEMIS, 3215 Laguna et. ¦
employsient" wastep~malb^
WINEMAKER. perfect in all branches. 20
years' experience, best references, wants
situation. Box 4978. Call.
EXPERIENCED man wants position to drive
wagon; bakery wagon preferred: 6 years In
last place. Address M. F., 639 McAllister. _
ACTIVE young man, recently from Switzer-
land wishes work of any kind. Box N.,
4655. Call office. .
BRIGHT energetic young man dealres repre-
sent re'liable firm In outside capacity; ref-
erenceg. Box 4654. Call. ; ]
YOUNG man with excellent references and ex-
perience wants position as clerk in hotel or
rooming-house. Box 4649, Call.
STUDENT wants work, night and morning, for
board and room; Christian family; time to
Etudy. Box 4979. Call. _/
CLERICAL situation desired by young man
with experience In office of wholesale grocery
house. Address Box 42S5. Call.
JAPANESE strong man wants a position to
do cooking and general housework; $7 week.
AKI, 1217 Jones st.. city. ;
JAPANESE man and wife would like situa-
tion to do general housework. M. FRANK,
1909 Flllmore st.
CLASSIFIED advertisement^ ana subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been established at 1008
Valencia st.
FINANCIAL.
BANK OF CALIFORNIA NEW STOCK.
Option for sale. Fifty shares or more.
J. S. EWEN.
Stockbroker,
(Telephone Main 1552.) 31S Pine <st.
COMPANIES incorporated and financed; stock'
and bond issues guaranteed, underwritten and
sold; stock accepted for services. Set.d for"
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATES
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post.
HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list; ser-
vice absolutely free; take advantage of this
department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259 Geary
it., on the square. _^^
A SUNNY corner upper 6-room flat, basement;
half block from Market st., within 13 min-
utes' ride of Golden Gate Park; Castro and
Eighteenth-st. cars. 3943 Seventeenth «L
NEW modern middle and upper flats of 6 and
7 rooms: Just completed; Pacific ave., near
Larkln st. Inquire 1435 Stockton st.
COTTAGE of 4 sunny rooms and yard. 132
Rose ave., bet. Gough and Octavla, nr. Mkt.
.NICE 7-room flat; new; tinted; sunny, reaeon-
J." able. 447 Broderick Bt., bet. Hayes and Fell.
NEW upper corner flat. 7 rooms and bath.
308 Church St.. one block from Market.
PIERCE. 259— 6-room French flat, with bath;
sunny; take Haight-st. cars.
VAN NESS and Union — 7 and S> rooms; sunny,
modern and up to date; marine view.
NICE 7-room flat; newly tinted: sunny; reason-
able. 447 Broderick St., bet. Hayes and Fell.
TO let— Flat of four rooms; 1897 O'Farrell.
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post st.
FLATS FOR SALE— Ft'RMSHED.
A NEWLY furnished flat of 5 rooms and
bath at a sacrifice; owner going east; rent
$25. Call at 966 Oak st. 11 to 12 a. m. or
7:30 to » p. m.: no dealers.
FUKMTUltU WANTED,
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission." phone Red 4462.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE^
WANTED — Waitress, country hotel, $30: 2
cooks. $35, no washing: 3 cooks, some wash,
$30; housework,' $30; cook, small hotel, coun-
try, $35; cook, lunch house, $7 50; laundress,
country hotel, $25; maid, seamstress, $30;
second girl, Monlo Park, $25; 4 nurscglrls,
$20-$25; chambermaid, ?17 50 and $25; 4 ho-
tel waitresses, ?20; waitress, cafe, $9; hair
dresser, country, $1»_> week; housework,
Berkeley, $25; Alameda, ?30; cook and sec-
ond girl, same house, $3t> and $20: house-
work, city and all nearby towns, at $20, $25
$30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334
Sutter st.
HAIRDRKSS1NG, manicuring, massage, hair
work; remr.val of superfluous hair taught
from A to Z In 2 weeks for $4 50; positions
guaranteed; $10 to $20 per week; school day
and eve. 233 Geary r. 13; maids prepared.
A— LADIES, learn all branches halrdressuig
trade; manicuring, massage, etc.; 1236 Mar-
ket Et., cor. Jones, room 04: positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; steady
employment: day and piece work; highest
wages. CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO.,
Bryant and Tenth.
' A YOUNG woman as checker in restaurant;
must have some knowledge of shorthand: no
fee; call ft a. m. to 2 p. m. Restaurant
Keepers' Association, 0 Eddy st., room 46.
REFINED young woman for companion and
secretary; one fond of children: plain sewer;
musical; sleep at home; salary $40 month;
give phone. Box 40»JO.
EXPERIENCED salfFladles wanted. GREEN'-
BERG & GREENBERG, Geary st. and
Grant ave.
A— Practical Millinery School, estab. 14 years;
terms easy. 810 O'Farrell. for. 1000 Van Nc_«.
MILLINERY makers wanted at once. Apply
Superintendent's Office, The Emporium.
GIRLS wanted. Mutual Label & Lithographic
Co., Second and Bryant; Bryant-st. entrance.
GIRL wanted for general housework. 1007
Lyon Bt. ; good wages. I
WANTED — Women to work In cannery. Apply
Webster St., near McAllister.
WOMAN for washing Mondays. Call 420 Scott
St., near Fell.
WANTED — Girl, light housework; good home;
small wages. 115 Halght st.
A NEAT rlrl for light second work and sew-
ing. 11S0 O'Farrell St.; references. v
AN active Klrl to attend candy store. 1152
Valencia st.
PJ**K HOPS— Reduced rate tickets now on sale'
parties leave daily, beginning August 10; crop
heavy; picking easy. Call or write E. CLEM-
ENS HORST CO.. 122 Battery st.. S. F.
FIRST-CLASS sewers ladles' waists, tennis
goods, etc.: work rent or car fare paid. H
FRIEDLANDER. 338 Fell st.
WANTED — Bodice and sleeve hand: none but
experienced need apply. Dressmaking de-
partment. White House.
NEAT young girl for general housework and
cooking; good wages. Apply 2116 Califor-
nia »t. .
GIRL for general housework; wages $25. J.
STANCE. 838 York St.
YOUNG German girl for hou&ework and plain
cooking. 2153 Santa Clara ave., Alameda.
YOUNG girl assist with housework and chil-
dren. 1020 Bryant, over store.
WHOLESALE house desires a wide awake
woman to travel;, position permanent. Box
. 49S2. Call offlce. .
GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall season;
trade taught from start to finish In one month
. for $5: positions guaranteed at $10 week up.
Eve. School only. 143 Stockton st., rm. 13.-
ITALIAN lady who can speak English wanted
to travel. Apply Girls' Directory, Central
ave. and \Waller st. '¦' -. :.."¦;
WANTED — Lady as business agent: stout pre-
ferred; good salary. Box 4640, Call.
HELP WASTEq FEMALE— Con.
ft — — —
GIRLS FOR FACTORY WORK; GOOD
/WAGES; PAID WHILE LEARNING;
BTEADY EMPLOYMENT; EXPERIENCE-
NOT NECESSARY: APPLY AT ONCE.
AMES &HARRIS,
' 100 SACRAMENTO ST.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit
antf* canning: steady work; highest wages.
Apply California Canneries Co.. Branaan
St.. between Third and Fourth.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY;
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'d
FACTORIES. 32\J FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION, NEAR FIFTEENTH.
WANTED — Experienced operators on wrappers
and ladies' muslin underwear in factory;
home work given. MARKS BROS., 1220
Market st. . \ /
TAILORESS as pants finisher and apprentice.
5V4 Kearny ,st., room 17. top floor.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore «t.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109(1
Valencia st. ~ J
HELPVrAXTEP---MALB.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
\ 520 Sacramento st.
Phone Main 1101. Cor. Leldejdorft st.
FREE FARE ARIZONA
5 stonecutters, company work, $3 50 day.
Arizona Free fare
ASTORIA OREGON
AUoria, close to Portland... Fte $1
Fare $3, including berth and meals on Sri.
25 laborers, $51 CO found.
25 rockmen. $50 found.
Company Work — No Discount — No Strike.
GOVERNMENT WORK— NEW JOB.
Supt. is here to-day. Government Job.
/"drillers, $2 50 day; 10 laborers, $2 25 day;
/ome and go and open up the camp.
FREE FARE— UKIAH ROUTE.
20 laborers and teamsiere, $2 25 day; fee $1.
Supt. is here to-day. TUOLUMNE CO.
Fare $1 60. Balance is free. Fee $1.
20 laborers, sawmills and yards, $60; board
where you please; fee $1.
BUTTE CO.— SHIP TO-NIGHT. FEE $1.
CO laborers, rockmen. woodchoppers and
teamsters, $2 25 to $2 50 day; half fare; ;
fee $1.
SISKIYOU CO. Special cheap fare north.
10 laborers, mill, $2 40: 20 lumber pliers.
$2 75; Kcrew setter. $3 50; 10 boys, box fac-
tory, $1 75 day.
HCMDOLDT CO. Cheap fare. Al Job. New.
Sash and door Co., 6 young men, $1 50 to
$2 25 day.
MISCELLANEOUS.
We want miners, muckers, laborers, wood-
chopper*', farmers, teamsters, cooks, waiter*
and dishwashers, tunnelmen, stonecutter*,
etc.: men, <*all and read our bulletin boards
and get a free list of Jobs at PACIFIC EM-
PLOYMENT AGENCY, 520 Sacramento st.
Phone Main 1191.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S Empmt. Agency,
429 Bush st. 642 Clay st.
Hello Grant 185.
Shipping Day To-day — Free Fare For
Chatsworth Park tunnel Los Angeles Co.
Machine men, drillers, ?3, ?2.
Bonus 25c day remain until work is done.)
For Caspar tunnel, Mendoclno Co.
Tunnelmen, latwrers, teamsters, $2, $2 75.
S. P. Co.'s Different Divisions, Cal.
Section hands, extra gangs, $1 70.
Absolutely Free Fare For AH Above.
Brick burner, $45 found; brick setter, $40 I
found; brick wheelers, ?35 found; 2 rough |
carpenters, country, see boss here, $3; 50
m*n for country sawmill, north, $42, $72
found; 20 cooks, hotel* and restaurants,
country and city, $35, $8O found; 10 waiters,
country and city hotels and restaurants, $30,
$45 found; bellboys, porteis, kitchen hands,
$15, $35; German or Scandinavian, Janitor,
$60 room; bartender, $50 found; German beef
tapper, $40.
C. R. HANSEN _ CO.'S Empmt. Agency.
429 Bush st. 642 Clay Et.
4 FARMERS and wives, $40, $50 and $55 and
found; 2 sheep herders. $30 and found; 2 men
about place and ehoremen, $25 and found;
foreman for fruit ranch, $40 and found; 50
laborers for mines and quarries, $1 50 day
and board and ?2. $2 25 and $2 50 day; 6
laborers to handle lumber, 25 cents hour; 2
carpenters, plain work, $3 day; 2 Ulack-
smlths. $3 day; 2 blacksmith's helpers and
floor men, $1 50 day and board and $2 50
day; 6 woodchoppers for mine, $1 5o cord;
laundryman for country. $50 and found; iron
molder, $:i day, and others; lo miners, $2 50
and *3 a day; 10 drillers, $2 25 a day. J. F.
CROSETT _ CO.. 628 Saeramtnto St.
COOK and wife, country hotel, $S5 and found;
hotel cook, $60; second cook anrl dishwasher.
$50; baker and pastry cook, $t>0 to $70 and
board; boarding-house cook, $40 and found;
cook and wife, springs, $05 and found;
waiter, country hotel, dishwasher anil others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
ANDRE'S OFFICE. 31 J STOCKTON ST.
German butler, $50; coachman and do chores,
$.'!0: stableman and milk cows, private place.
south, $;«); stableman, Sonoma County, $30
and found; waiter, family hotel, $30; assist-
ant waiter. $30; kitchen hand for club. $30;
dishwasher, %H a week; porters for hotels,
restaurants and Institutions. $20 to $25 and
found; night cook. $35 to $50; young man,
small country hotel, $20; man for chicken
ranch, ?20 to $25.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 20 Montgomery, r. J2—
Porter. $25; night waiter. $40; dishwash-
er, 530.
WANTED — Two successful solicitors, where
IKiRslblUties are great to earn from J2(X> to
$400 per month; past representatives of build-
ing and loan and life Insurance companies
preferred; on favorable evidence of ability
and reliability moderate advances will be
made for expenses. Apply to T. W. GRIF-
FIN, between 2 and 4 p. m., dally except
Sunday, room n, 9 Powell st.
WANTED— Good all round man in second-
hand furniture store as salesman and gen-
eral hand; no others need apply. H.
SCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh St., Oakland.
$150— BARBER shop; must be sold; owner
there 10 years; average $100 month; rent $8.
WINSBORQ. MURRA-Y & CO.. 75 Third St.
WANTED— Elderly man; plain cooking: $15
month and found: short distance In country.
Northwest corner tEast and Clayats.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
' foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay express or
mall charges. 11 Third St.. Examiner bldg.
WANTED— Saturday. . barber. 81 M Fourth et.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday^ 220
Hayes st. . ,
BARBER wanted. 291 Seventh st.
WANTED— First-class barber. 100 O'Farre'.l.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday; wages
. $6. 1220 Dupont st.
BARBERS for Saturday 'and Sunday. 105
Tenth st.
WANTED— Errand boy in tailor store. 24
Phelan bldg., 8oo Market st. .
BOY wanted to learn plumbing. Call 140 Chen-
ery st.: by 8 o'clock.
WANTED— A good, strong boy: $1 a day. Mu.
. tual Label and Lltho Co.,' Second and Bryant.
STRONG boy. about 15 years. HERMANN
SAFE FACTORY. 417 Sacramento st.
i_WB_Ti__1'iT tt Tri1"i"1irr'niiiii ~inn in ¦ \Jm --isn-iiiiMiwm—lfflTrH-T— ¦_-_-_-__
_ HELP WAMTED— MALE— Cob.
MURRAY & READY. |
634-636 Clay st. Phone Main 5848.
BUSINESS 7 A. M. UNTIL 10 P.-'M.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Our office half block long; 14 clerks employed
By our own printing plant we publish a
free bulletin of labor nightly; ready for dis-
tribution .7 a. m. ; also noon and evening
editions. ' Get one
THIS IS WHAT
MADE US FAMOUS. '
We Know No Distinction Between Man and
Man.
YOU ARE ALL EQUAL.
YOU ARE ALL WELCOME.
1002 We Gave 1903 We'll Give
45,000 Men Work. 60,000 Men Work.
We ship you Free to one.
. Free to-day. Free to all.
Ogden. Utah, All parts Nevada,
Los Angeles County, Santa Barbara,
Chatsworth Park, Hawaiian Islands,
Santa Susana, Oregon,
San Fernando, Washington.
Los Angeles County, Central Americ*.
Arizona, Willlts, Uklah,
And All Points North, East. South,
Including Ogden, Utah.
Carpenters and helpers, pile drivers, fince
builders, drillers, singled double and machine
men, corner and bench hands, muckers, chuck
tenders, car dumpers, teamsters, laborers,
track men, cooks, waiters, blacksmiths, etc.,
$5. $4, $3 50, $3, $2 50, $2 day.
Free fare. Free fare. Free fare.
Everybody talking. Thousands going.
Are you 7 Are you? Are you?
MURRAY & READY,
» 634 and 636 Clay tt.
MECHANICAL HELP.
68 blacksmiths. $3.
» helpers. $2; 12 bench hands. $3 50.
9 carpenters, $3 to $4.
Carriage makers, $4.
12 coopers, lie barrel.
0 brick molders. $3 50: iron worker, country.
<J55 other mechanics. $3 to $6 day.
MURRAY & READY, 634-630 Clay st.
155 Coal Miners. Oregon. Free Fare
Io5 Coal Miners. Oregon. Going Free.
X Free Fare— 55 Men— Willlts— Uklah— To-day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
BOYS. BOYS. BOYS.
12 boys for a box factory: fare $5; $32 80 and
found. MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay st.
BIG SHASTA LUMBER
LUMBEm TRUST. SHASTA. TRUST.
15 laborers, general work, you'll suit, $72 CO.
2 screw setters, $105.
2 oft bearers. $$2 50.
10 cross-cutters for woods work. SCO and fd.
25 laborers to pile lumber, $82 50. ¦
SPECIAL FARE. $5; STEADY. Good Jobs.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
$5,000,000 BANKING SYNDICATE.
2o men among fruits, etc., fare $1, $26 found.
MURRAY _ READY. tJ3i-fciG Clay st.
$1 TO BUTTE— $1. CHICO.
20 teamsters, laborers and axmen, $75.
MURRAY & READY. C34-630 Clay st.
WHERE ARE THEY?
S6 LUMBER TRUSTS AND SYNDICATES.
LOCATED IN FOUR STATES.
MANAGERS HERE. TWO TERRITORIKS
FREE — FARE— FREE.
005 laborers, no experience wanted, $35 to $70
and found.
1S<1 experienced mill and yard men. $40 to
$150 and found. '
383 woodsmen, $40 to $150 and found.
Sttckermen. Tallymen.
Spool tenders. Machinists.
Buckers, trackmen. Line pullsrs
Blacksmiths, wood turners, barkers, car
loaders.
Tree fellers. Jackscrewers.
Log loaders. Shingle sawyers.
Dolbeer loggers. . Carriage setters.
Swampers and trimmers. Gang edgermen.
Saw fliers.
Pond men. band sawyers, carriage doggers,
sorters, graders and peelers, chain tenders,
shingle packers, also Jointers, chute build-
ers, $10, $50. $00. $70. $S0, $90, $100 to $150
month and found.
880 woodchoppers, tlemakers, shingle, post,
picket and box bolt makers; tools and pro-
visions found.
BIO I, MURRAY & READT.
• TRUSTS. 634-630 Clay st.
NEW RAILROAD WORK.
155 Italians. FREE FARE.
15o Greeks. FREE FARE.
155 Austrlans. . . FREE FARE.
Board yourselves; managers at our offlce;
see them.
MURRAY & READY. 634-03G Clay st.
GOLD— SILVER. ""
COPPER— COAL.
SPECIAL.
10 machine miners, large gold- mining com-
pany. $90.
156 miner's, single and double hand; machine
men. muckers, tlmbermen, furnace men etc.,
$90, $85 and $75 and found.
3S« laborers, no experience required. $60. $75
Fares from $1 50 to $5; many managers at
our offlce.
TUNNELS — QUARRIES.
1S6 drillers, hammersmen. laborers, $00 $75
and $60. * ¦
For Htables— 12 men. $60 to $75.
For farms — 125 men. $30. $35. $t0 and found.
For orchards — 250 men. $2.1. $30 and found.
For dairies — 65 men. $30. $3S. $tO and found
For chores — .16 men and boys. $30, $25. $20J
$15 and found. .
• For hay. harvest — 63 men. $1 50. $2, $2 50
day and fcund.
30 fruit pickers. $26 and found.
LOOK!
3« teamsters, city. $22 week. $2 to $2 50 day.
f»55 laborers', country. $2. $2 50 a day.
Coachmen gardeners private ehoremen.
MARRIED HELP WANTED.
18 men and wives for mines, ranches, dairies,
hotels, sawmills, etc.. $40, $50. $60. $70. $30
and found
MURRAY & READY. C34-63C Clay st.
HOTEL DEPARTMEN'tTeTc" '
37 cooks, all over California $30 $80. $75
$«0. $!M). $40. $35 and found, for hotels.
' mines, sawmills, camps, ranches, cafes, res-
taurants, saloons, harvest outfits, etc.; crisp
maker. $10; porter, city store. $40; second
| cook. mine. $40; also waiter. $30; steward.
! $50 and found.
18 waiters, $35. $40 $30 and found.
30 pot and dflsh washers. $35. $30. $20 and fd.
18 bell and' elevator boys, porters, bedmak-
ers, $30 to $15 and found.
« butchers $40, $."0. $«0. $30 and found.
12 laundrymen, all classes. $18 week up.
j t» bakers' helpers. $55. $40. $30 and found.
' 12 boys, learn trades.
We publish a free bulletin of labor daily,
containing 10.0UO positions; get one.
MURRAY & READY.
034-636 Clay st.
CARPENTERS. CARPENTERS.
B5 carpenters, bridge, new work, J'j7 5<>.
AI30 12 men to carry lumber and help them,
$07 50.
6 carpenters, 50c fare, all round men. steady
Job. $90.
2 carpenters, ranch, 50c fare, $3 day found.
Carpenter as leader; alsi> carpenter, same
place, boss here, $4 and $3 day. SOc fare.
FREE FARE. •
MURRAY & READY. t>34-63ti Clay st.
GENERAL MANAGER
At our offlce to-day from Big Lumber Trust
TUOLUMNE COUNTY. FARE PAID.
25 laborers for mill?, woods, etc., $00. ?1S
off for board, etc.
MURRAY & READY. C3J-636 Clay st.
OREGON— FARE. PAID TO-DAY.
25 woods and sawmill men.
SANTA BARBARA.
• 25 Italians, free fare.
LOOK! $1— THAT'S ALL.
684 men for extra and section work of S. P.
own work.
FREE FARE.
Ship on all trains. Better go. had you not'
MURRAY „ READY, 634-63(1 Clay st.
SPECIAL ON MIDNIGHT
MAIL. PHONE AND TELEGRAPH.
Baker, city institution. $40 and found.
2 laborers to run car, mine, $1 40 day found.
4 men about threshing outflt, fare $1 50, $40
and found.
Bedmaker, porter, bellboy, city hotel, $20 and
found up. ' ' v
Butcher, Sonoma County, $35 and found.
SPECIAL.
Bartender. German, country hotel, bess here.
$40 fd. ; also yard man, same place. $25 and
found; 2 carriage setters, boss here, $2 75 day
and board.
Blacksmith. Alturas, fare paid. $3 50 day.
3, furnace men for mine. $3 fare, $75.
Assayer, old mine, dom here, BIG SALARY
Buttermaker, also milker, north. $40 and $30
nnd found.
Man run boring machine or crosscut saw-
yer, $2. '•» - |
,2 waiters, same hotel, fare $2. $30 fcund.
2 teamsters. 2 horses, haul straw, fare $1.
$30 found.
Potwasher, also silver man, city cafe, $30 and
found.
Man and wife, ranch, boss here, $40 found
SPECIALLY GOOD. - ,
10 teamster*. 10c fare, $10 and found.
Cook, hotel., mine town, $50 and found. /
2 hos butchers, $2 to $2 50 day.
Man and wlfe.both waiters, country, $55 fd.
Wood turner, city mill. $3 to $3 50 day.
Cook.. also dishwasher, 'Nevada, $S0 found.
Sheepherder, $30; milker. Sisklyou County.
$35 and tound, faro paid.
- Cook, 12 men, ranch, $30 and found; 15 fruit
pickers, $30 and found, f
German or Scandinavian, handle Ice, city,
$2 ¦ day up. > / .
. Cook, boarding-house, mine town, boss here,
$75 and found.
5 car men for mine, extra good Job, $60"
LOOK.
15 laborers about warehouse, fare $1, $3 day.
Janitor and watchman, city building, $40
' and ¦ room. ¦ ¦• ¦ ¦ ¦ .
' Sandstone quarryman. boss here, $3 day up.
Harness-maker, ranch, fare $3. $35 found.
Blacksmith helper, agricultural, works, $2 a
: day.dtiWJUIiWI/MIWCl
2 young men, city mill, $9 week.
Cut-off sawyer, also -.wood turner, city mill,
$2 25 a day up.
2 boys, city, good jobs, $5 and $6 week.
Electrician, laree cold mine, $90..
Choreman, milk "cows, fare $1 50.' $30 found.
HELP WA5TED MALE— Co-.
Baker, shop, S. C. Co.. fare $2 60, $12 wee_
and found.
8 laborers for mine company, fare $2 60, $45
and found.
Private family man. fare $1 20, $25 found.
. -, .FRESNO CO.— FARE PAID.
2 doggers, S. L. Co., boss here, $2 50 day.
2 off-bearers. S. I* Co., boss here, $2 25 day.
2 hook tenders, S.L.C.. boss here, $2 25 day.
Shingle sawyer, N. L. Co.. boss here. $3 day.
2 shinglo packers. N. L. Co.. boss here. 7c M.
v 2 hay balers, fare $1. 20c to 25c ton;
;7*" LOOK AGAIN.
2 brick burners, boss here, $45 and found.
3 brick wheelers, boss here, $35 and found.
. 2 brick setters, boss here, $40 and found.
Best Wases at MURRAY & READY'S.
Best Places at 634-C36 Clay st.
WANTED — Platen press feeders at the Mutual
Label and Litho Co.. Second and Bryant sta.
WANTED— A' bootblack. S250 Mission «t.
BARBERS — For sale, neat shop; near City
Hall; rent $12 5O; price $75. Box 401>tf. Call.
A GOOD underpresser on vests; a steady po-
sition to an experienced person; also a young
man to learn underpressing. Apply S. N.
WOOD CO.. 27 Geary sU
CASH boys wanted. Apply S. ... WOOD _
CO.. 740 Market st. '-; ¦;:¦ ¦-
WANTED — Young man who Is experienced
domestic salesman. Appty between 0 and 11
, a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Experienced drapery salesman.
Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALS
BROS.'
PICK HOPS — Reduced rate tickets now on sale;
parties leave dally, beginning August 10; crop
heavy, picking easy. Call or write E. CLEM-
ENS HORST CO.. 122 Battery st.. S. F.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 per
pair, foot-form shoes at $2 50. or orthopedic
ehoes, $3 50; best shoes on earth. 11 Third
St., Examiner building. 5 doom from Market.
COATMAKER for country. REIS3 BROS. &
CO.. 24 Sutter st.
ASSISTANT bookkeeper for wholesale house;
references required. Box 4986. Call. -
WANTED — A man to work in fruit store. 1315
Stockton st.
THREE laborers, pick and shovet; 14th ava.
and N st.. south; take Kentucky-st. car*.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
mail charges. 11 Third St., Examiner bldg.
WANTED— For the U. S. Marine Corps s able-
bodied, unmarried men. between '/I and 35;
good character: must speak, read and writ*
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-war
In all parts of the world, on land In our isl-
and possessions, and at naval stations' In tha
, United States. Apply at recruiting office. 40
Ellis «t.. San Francisco. Cal.; 221' 4 N. Main
it., Los Aneelea. Cal., and 401 K St.. Sacra.
men to, Cal.
MEN 'to learn barber trade; only requires two
months to complete and secure positions;
catalogue and full particulars mailed free.
Moler System Barber College. 635 Clay st.
WANTED^— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
' runs Denver House, 217 Third st.; 150 largs
rocms; 25c per night: $1 50 to S3 per week.
WANTED — First-class body makers on car-
riage work. Parrott Carriage Mfg. Co.. Lc«
Angelea. Cal.
FIRST-CLASS barber shop for sale; 3 chairs.
2 bathrooms and laundry offlce. E. M.,
Vacaville. Solano County, Cal.
MEN to learn barber trade; an Improvement
en all other systems. For particulars ad-
dress Western Barber Col., 647 Commercial.
YOUNG man in tinshop learn trade; age 1G
years. 533 Mission st.
BARBERS — Good 2-chalr Bhop with living
rooms; snap. 230S Howard st. •
MAN to <!o janitor work for tuition in S. 7.
Barber School. 741A Howard st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 2U Steuart st.
6GO JIEN to buy new and :'d -hand arm v shoes.
SOc up; soling cheap. W£l Howard »t.. nr. 5th.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. room 40. Phe'.aa
bids. Past Corn. Geo. II. Thomas Poj-t.G.A.R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. 35c night: reading > room*;
tree 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1008
Valencia st. • , .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 220O Flllmore.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. .-.C.'t Mission ft., bet. 1st anrl Sd sts.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 5*Ut Mission St.. bet. l«t and 2J sts.
HOUSES AMJ WAGON'S.
FOR sale — Bay mare 0 years old; broke lo
harness and saddle: stylish, sound and gen-
tle. GEO. WALCOM, 402 Sutter st.
PEDDLING rig, $50; coal wagon, $50; laundry
wagon. $00: wagon. $25; horse. $15. 79
City Hall ave. -~
TEAM roan mare3. city broken, welsh 275O;
one doctors" horse; 2 business horses. Santa
Clara Stable. 1(!4 Golden Gate ave.
ON account of going to build, entire itocic of
wagons, buggies and harness must be sold at
sacrifice. Corner 15th and Valencia sts.
SOUND, young horse, true and gentle; weight
about 1500; bargain. 2843 Mission ill
RARE chance — 1 good horses for aaic chea;*.
327 Sixth st.
ONE fine buggy, fruit wagon, cart. 2d-hand;
new laundry wagon, cheap. 823 Harrison st.
Al EXPRESS wagon. light camping wagon
and rocai t for sal? cheap. 532 Mission st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let: send for
circular. GJH.UMBSEN & CO..14 Montgomery
BEAUTIFUL 7-room residence, Sacramento st ,
opposite I^afaj'ette . square. Apply BOARD-
MAN BROS. & CO., 138 Montgomery st.
A 0-ROOM house; finished basement; garden.
7SI Cole st.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25. Post »t.
HOUSES TO LET PUKSISHED.
A WELL furnished house, piano, 10 rocms;
very sunny; fine location; 1475 Masonic ave.
Apply MADISON & BURKE. Jt» Montg. tt.
LOST AM) KOL'.VU.
LOST — Wednesday, Aug. 5, between narrow
gauge depot. Oakland, and Stockton and
O'Farrell sts.. San Francisco, a wreath pin
of six opal:: and autumn leaves. Finder will
be* rewarded by returning to 542 Jones st.,
Oakland.
LOST — Black bitch, white under breast, scar
on left leg. 3«S Harriet St.; reward.
LOST — Large Irish setter dog; heavily feath-
ered. Return 3 Grand st. ; reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the CaliforcU
W'atch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs oia
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MEDICAL.
A — Mrs. Dr. Bweet takes ladies before and dur-
ing confinement: infants adopted; $15; $5
room* — board: 25 years* experience. 2ta 7th.
MRS.' DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints: Instant relief guaranteed: 30
years' experience. 728 Post st.. near Jones.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In troutle consult this specialist on female
ccmpialnts; positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate hetped; the most difficult cases treat-
ed; advice free. Office. 1013 Market st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities: instant re-
llcf guaranteed. 10C8K Market St.. opp. 5th.
MRS. D. .\LLEN. 111S Market-^RTiiableTadleV
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement: btst mtdlcal care; low fees.
A maternity villa; private; secluded; confiden-
tial. Dr. E. Funke. 141B Eighth 8t.. AUmeda.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk, nr. Van N>s& Expert
In obstetrics, female comp. ;25 yrs.experience.
DR. and MRS. DAViEti and HINDOO HERBS*
original method of treatment. 112B Market st-'
DR. ROSEN.- moved to 2805 Folsom st. ca^
¦ 20th; relief $10; ladles' exclusive office.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 319 Powell st.. opposite
. Union square: oil diseases cured by herbs.
MiSt.__LAA_Ot>»~yoK SALU.
BOILERS, engines. 2- hand machinery McTnT
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 105-107 Fremont .*
A GOOD reason to buy diamonds, watches and
Jew* ¦ ry from us Is that you need only par u
"^ U 7*n kly J*y m « n * on all purchases* all
goods delivered on first payment. Call Jw\
our goods, even If you don't car^t
buy. LICHTENSTEIN BROS . 2 5 It^on
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? ' "
. Repair it with elaterlte; In' rolls »«.* tn i...
sasgfi____g
A 7" F ! ne . 8Ults ' * 75 °: dr ««» Pants $->ro o,W
inal Misfit Clothing Parlor; 23S ; KearnT .?"
near Bush: open to 0 p. _/ A*^?* _£¦
A— $3 50 DERBY and fedora hats 1175 — ~^T
as ar. p--__ysgy~__;
ri s.: c s k ,r r .-?»-t,t y b if3! ssr- ' to -°
MISCE-I*ANEOPS FOR SALE— Con.
A— BUYS, sells cr rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc WHITELAW. 233-233 Spear st.
Al FRESH family cow. Just from the country.
Inquire SAM AFTERGUT, MUslon road. or.
Seven-Mile House and county line.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 pair; foot-form
shoes at $- 60: we pay express charges. 11
Third st.. Examiner bid. : catalogue sent free.
SECOND mach'y. boilers, engines, pumps.
wood and Iron -worklnar machinery, bought.
s^ld and rented. H. S. WHITE. 130-132 Beal»!
FOR sale— Scotch collie pups. 2 months old.
from prize stock. Call room 501). Parrott big.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Buliard & Breck. 131 Peat st.
21ILES of pipe and fittings; ail sizes. EU-
GEXE RILEY & SCNS. 109 Vallejo st.
MOVING picture film and song slide*. 100
Montgomery st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st. ,
All bargains ;camp stools and chairs, hammocks,
metal beds. mattresses.J.F.Hotter.712 Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, morlr-s
picture machines, films. Baclgalupi. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches,
all slzea. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont «t.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-123 Sacramento st.
ASK for price* on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER A CO.. 110 Montry.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
18 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 1&4 »th st. : tel. Jessie 2SM.
AIONZnr TO .LOAJI. •
AAA— i—KM-UN* MURPHY,
601-&_-tKKi Kzamlaer bulldiaj.
Quick settlementa: no dlsappolntmenC
Save expanses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property la trust,
etc ; legacies, life estates and undivided n-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly coafl d«-U_L
Whsn You Need Moaey
e«e HERMAN MURPHY.
HIGHLY lespectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, a: «
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Stow, 841
Market st.. tel. Muln 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY leaned to salaried pisple. retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security: easy payments; largest business In
' 46 principal cities. Tolmin, 533 Parrott tUt.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano :ao removal]
no commission; no publicity; $23 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 20 Montgomery at., r. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant m. a
LOANS FROM $1 to SI P. COO.
AT cut rates on re_l estate. (furniture or piano;
no commission. R. W. LICK, K)C3 Mutual
Say. Bk. bid.. 708 Market; phone Main 31ft
b. b\ DISCOUNT AGENCY — Loans to salaried
people on their nota.
The TOUSLEY CO.' 143 Phelan bldg.
MONET to loan on low Interest: iccld. silrsr.
dismcnd* pearls and precious stones bough:
¦t W. J.'HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.i
MONEY loaned to salaried employes. O. V.'.
MILLER, room 74, fifth floor. Chronicle bldg.
ONE per cent on fn?Bitur«: $5 a month on »»c*i
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery, room 18.
8% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; co re_3Y_! ;
V. TREMAIN. roo~ 31. 6 Eddy 9t.. floor ?¦
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 5S3 Kearn y.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money t.»
salaried employes. R. 811. Mutual Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaded salaried people on notes wttbous
lndon"»r. MORRELT-u f-fm Examiner b'1
MUSICAL ISSTni'MESTS.
A.SSOKTS1ENT of some upright bargains.
3 Chlckenng $150. $lSi. $235
1 Kimball walnut upright, celluloid keysJH*
2 Emerson $183. $215
2 Steinway $1S3. $215
4 Heine $235 to $395
12 squares $15 to $170
10 organs $10 to $75
Rents J2 up. allowed on purchase; Install-
ments $4 up; piano players from $30 up; new
pianos from $117 ud. HEINE PIANO CO..
_>C>-2o7 Geary st.; phone Main 5741.
$6.'! — LEFT on sala; Fllsher upright piano. 2J7
Geary sjL
STEIN'VVAY upright, left by private- party.
$1G5: great bargain. 237 Geary st.
A FEW good upright pianos from $70 up com-
prising Vose, Sterling. Jacobsen. Scawech-
t*n, Sher'.vood. Weser. Marshall _ Wendell,
llaines. Everett, Knabe and others; easy
payments. KE.V.'. CIRTAZ _ SON. 19-3U
O'FarrfcU. No branches in San Francisco.
THE SIMPLEX PIANO PLAYER Is the only
plane player that Interprets music as tha
author Intended It. The delicate touch or tha
powerful stroke can be given at the desirs
of the one playtn£. Call and examine them.
THE ZENO MAUVAI3 MUSIC CO.7 7tKJ
Market St. ____________
BAND Instruments: F. Besson. Paris, maker.
Gus Maiwaid. Agt. Pac. Coast. 27S O'Farrell;
skillful repairing; 2d-har.d Instruments solo.
r_AUTIFUL S-pedal Steinway upright piano;
perffft order: sacrifice. Kesris' B.2&5 OTarHI.
Family sailing for Australia offers at sacrifice*
handsome Steinway upright piano. S16 Eddy.
BUY direct from the factory and save 50 p«r
cent. HORNUXQ. 216 McAllister st.
KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farreli St.; largess
and oldest clano house.
BEST renting piano In city for $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 5t£0 Hayes st.
BARGAIN: gocd upright; must be sold at
ence. 8CHMITZ St CO.. 10 McAllister st.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecillan plaao
player. BYRON MAUZY. SO8-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLKR. maker, repalrr. 'i Latham placs.
OFFICES AXD STOKES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. J27 Market st.—
Office to let; rent $15; light. Y,->*', janttor •_»!
telephone. ASHTON _ 3.VK— INER.
712 SANSO1IE St.. near" Jackson — Handsome
large store: rent $2S.
r_USO.NALS.
A— FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED.
Wrinklrs, yellow and flabby skin, birthmarks,
smallpox pittings and scars scientifically re-
moved without cuttlcg.massage.electrtclty or
medicine: special demonstrations thl3 week.
Call or write DR. L. WILLIAMS. 371 Geary.
WANTED— 777 ladies with scalp diseases; losi
of hair and premature graynesa prevented.
(Can treat by malt. Black for stamp.) Corv-
, tuitatlon free. 8:30 to «: Sundays. 10 to 12.
Prof. •GEO. A. CARLOW, Specialist, rooia
218. 037 Market st." __
MORPHINE, opium and laudanum habits cared
at homo by a painless home treatment: In-
dorsed and used by leading physicians; corre-
spondence strictly confidential; tn plain. sealel
envelope; call or write to-day. India Drug
Cure. 201 Turk st. : Bruce D. Klmmla. Mgr.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves Its growth ;stops falling ;cures dandrufC
and itching scalp; r.o stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp ;at druggists', hairdressers' ac-
cept no substitute. Star RemedyCo..3X3Geary.
ANNIE HORI, a lady giving treatment to>
ladles for rheumatism, has her offlce at the.
Golden Gate House. 526 Kearny st.. room 10;
she speaks three languages, German. Bo-
hemian and English.
MY wife. KATHER1NE PARENTI. having
left my bed and board. I will not be respon-
sible for any debts contracted by her after
this date. JOMENICO PARENT!.
NOT how cheap but how good. Is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
TV". EVANS, agent 1C21 Market «t.
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave..
corner gutter St.: fee moderate.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonla Hall. Howard
•t.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.^
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, orercoata
> and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
* Tailor. 721 Market st.
ELEG \NT suits on easy Installments: 50 cents
nnd up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Max-
ket *t.. between Seventh and Eighth.
SUITS to order on Installments. $1 per week.
Neuhaus _ Co.. merch. tailors. 727-729 Marked
ALL style* balrdresstng. 25c: hair goods: mani-
curing 25c. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and metes removed by
electric needle. Dr.&Mrs.Traverse^llTOMjirket
MASQUERADE costumes, play books. wl£».
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO . 733 Mxt.
ALFREDUM'8 Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color; SI. at all druggists.
{Superfluous hair & moles removed with etec-
trlc needle. Mra. & Mlsa Katon. 1113 3u»»^
PALJUST^Y. ___
MME. DE VA8. scientific palmist and astrolo-
gist. Offlce. 2tt Llebes bldg., 13» Post at: $1 .
palm reading a specialty; open Tuesday ev *»
I'APERHA.NGiyO. PAIXTTXO. ETC
ROOMS papered. $3 00 up; tinting, painting.
Uartmann Paint Co.. 313 3d st.; tet-— »la 413
V You've heard of wireless telegrams
And horseless things galore?
But here's a nurseless gentleman
Who ne'er read ads. before.
Behold him ¦'¦writing for a nurse, j
The Call want ads. he's seen;
To-morrow when you look at him.
He'll wear a smile serene.. Justice of the Peace Lawson gave judg
ment for $35 yesterday in favor of J. Per
sich, who sued the United Railroad Com
pany for $299 damages alleged ' to have
been sustained . by reason of a north
bound .Third street car colliding with a
wagon: he.was driving on Bryant street
several months ago.
Recovers Damages.
Superintendent of Schools Langdon In
spected yesterday' a number of school
buildings that have outside rooms. Lang
don found, them poorly lighted and ve'n
tilated and' bo small that they could with
difficulty accommodate the pupils. The
schools * Inspected were the Bergerot.
Park, Laguna Honda, Sunny side, Mon
roe', Jackson, Garfleld. Washington, Jean
Parker and Spring Valley, and their
wretched condition is. a justification for
the success of the proposed bond issue
for new schools. Langdon says.
Sees Need of New Schoolhouses.
The following were the sales on the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day: .
• Morninr Session.
200 Mexican 1 85 3<K» Sierra Nevada 62
40O Ophlr ....... .1 75 IA0 Utah SR
500 Potosl 22 500 Yellow Jacket 72
Afternoon Session.
1A0 Andes 20 50f» Overman 28
100 Chollar .. 20 300 Potosl 21
100 Con Oil ft Va.l t>n 100 Sierra. Nevada ."«)
10O Gould & Cur. 42 200 Union Con .. HS
100 Mexican 1 SO 200 Union Con .. 87
1C0 Occidental ... 35
PACIFIC STOCK' EXCHANGE.
The following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Mornlnr Session. v
300 Belcher ..... 42 200 Pototl ...... 22
100 Caledonia ...1 32V4 200 Sierra Nev . 83
2(»0 Chal Con 46 300 Union Con.. PI
500 Con Imperial 04 200 Utah 34
300 Hale & Nor. B3 200 Yellow Jack. ¦' 72
500 Mexican 1 32',4
Afternoon Session. <. V-' '?
800 Chollar 21 200 Overman ... 27
200 Con C & Va.l M> 300 Potost ...'.. 21<
200 Con C & Va.l 62& 500. Potosl 20
300 Gould A Cur 42 400 Sierra Nev.. 61
500 Mexican ....1 30 .W0 Union Con .. 90
200 Mexican, ... .1 27V4 150 Utah 33
300 Ophir 1 7fi 50 Utah 34/
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
The following were the pales on the Ran
Francisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yes
terday: v
Mornlnr Session.
7000 Esperanza ... Oi 4 00 Rescue ......' 12
100 Gipsy Queen . 27 500 Tono & Cal... 37
300 Mon Tonopah. 1 05
,. Afternoon Session.
1000 Colehan ..... 20 100 N T Ton . . ; . 07
.300 Gipsy Queen . 27 200 N Y Ton ... 08
100 MacNamara . 20 300 Rescue .. 12
100 Mont & Tono. 1 05 100 T N-8 52
100 M & T .1 05 200 Ton N 8tar. . 60
CLOSING 'QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, Aug. 7-;-4 p. m .
• Bid. Ask. I ' B| d Ask
Alpha 07 ; 08 Julia 03 04
Alta ¦ 06 O8 Justice 13 15
Andes 10 20iKentuck ...... "ai'-"o4
ftelcner 41 42jMexlcan 1 1 25 1 ;m
Best & Belch. 2 00 2 15|Occldental ... 35 3tI
Bullion ...... O4 Od.Ophtr 170 17S
Caledonia ...1 30,1 SSjOverman .... 25 26
Challenge Con 45 48 Potosl 20 21
Chollar 20 21'Bavage 20 2 1
Confidence ...1 20 1 25 Scorpion 04 05
Con Cal & Va.l 50 1 55 Beg Belcher.. 12 . yi
Con Imperial.- 04 05 Sierra Nev... m en
ConN York.. 17 20 Silver Hill. ... 7 « ($
Crown Point.. 20 21 fit Louis. ...... 19 £J
Eureka Con.. — 45 Syndicate .... — • oc
Exchequer... 02 03 Union Con... 86 M
Oould & Cur. 42. 44iUtah 34 |g
Hale & Norc. 53 55 Yellow .Jacket 71 74
Lady Wash.. — 08; :¦¦•• ,
TONOPAH MINES.
1 Bid. Ask. - " Bid Ask
O)iehan 16 1» Rescue ...... a" "fj
Esperanza ... 05 00 Ton Belmont..l 90
Eula ;...,.:. 25 — Ton & Cal... 37 3S ,
Gipsy Queen.. 27 .28 Ton Fraction. — 75'
Gold Mt Con., 08 — Ton Gt West. — os
Lucky Tom C 15 Ton of Nev... 6 50 7 bo
MacNamara .10 2lt|Ton N Star.. 40 32
MUpah ...... — 25iTon Midway.. 40 60
Mont Ton... 1 05 I 07%ITon & 8 Lake 41 40
N,York Ton..' 07 —Ton Union. 40 7—
Paymaster.... — « 25. United Ton...?, 15'. _-
Pine . Grove.;. 60 -'Utopia ....... ? w ; _ 0
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE
Mining Stocks.
$10.
Hlbernla Savings «nd Loan Society to Carl
Braun. lot on S line of Twentieth street. ISO W
of Dolores. W 2ft by S IU; 11210.
Carl and Theresa Erb to Nels S. Nelson,
lot on N line of Henry street, 105 E of Noe, K
25 by N 115; $10. v
Edward J. and Louisa G. Selleck to Entile
Olannini, lot on S line of Eighteenth street, 50
E of Diamond, E 25 by S 75; $10.
Estate of Charles L. or C. L. Lods. Mary E.
Trouln. William E.. George and Lulu L©d».
Kent J. C. and Minnie F. Seymour to Alexan
der Bond, lot on W line of Diamond street. 223
S of Eighteenth. S 3* hy W 125;' $4050.
Germanla Building and Loan Association to
eame, lot on NW corner of Pacific and San
some streets, W 67:« by N 33:10^; $10.
Same to name, lot on NW corner of Pacific
and Sansome streets. N 34:44$ by W 87:6; $10.
Patrick Connor to Mary Connor, lot on
S line of Valparaiso street. 122:. E of Jones,
K 20 by S 60; also lot on S line of Greenwich
street, 122:6 E of Jonfs. E 20 by S 120; also
lot on W line of Mason street, 137:0 S of Fil
bert; S 19 by W 60; $10.
William D. and Frances M. Leahy to Mada
lineB. Leahy. lot on N line of Green street,
23:2 E of Larkin. E 23 by N 70:7^: $10.
James E. Brennan to James J. Beatty, lot
on W corner of Fourth and Brannan streets,
NW 30 by SW 80; $10.
Almlra B. Flllebronn to Charles Nathan, lot
on SE line of Tehama street. 215 SW of Fifth
SW 30 by SE 90; $10. .
Thomas Garvey to. Vlctorlne N. Neuval; lot
on SW line of Moss place. 250 SE of Howard
street. _E 25 by BW 75; $10.
Vlctorlne- N. Neuval to Celine Benolt (wife
of Amedee J.), same; gift.
Annie A. -Kelly. to Maud A. Gervln (wife of
Harold), lot on SE corner of Lake street and
Twenty-sixth avenue. E 120 by S 100; $10.
Mary M. B. Martin to Jane Easton. lot on
SE corner of Ninth avenue and C street. S
50 by E ion ; $10.
Alice Crlttenden (wife of George W.) and
Alfred Mostyn to Henry G. Meyer, lot on N
line of Fulton street. 82:6 E of Eighteenth
avenue. E 25 by N 100; $10.
Oscar R. and Mabel McGee and William N.
Canfleld to Denis J. Sheehan, lot on E line of
Eleventh avenue. 100 N of I street, N 25 by
E 120; $10.
Edw. A. and Katie Van Wynen to Solo
mon Getz. lot on W ltne of Tenth avenue, 275
S of L street. S 25 by W 120; $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to James and Han
nah Carroll, lot on E line of Ninth avenue,
225 N of N street, N 23 by E 120; $10.
O. H. and Josephine Wlnterburn to John II.
Loane. lot on W Una of Forty-seventh avenue,
100 N of S street, N 50 by W 120: $10-
Amerlque B. Deussing to 8. . Ducas Com
pany (corporation), lot* 1, 4 to 14, block 32.
Sunnyvale Homestead Association; also luls 1
to 14, block 29, same; $10.
I George H. and Alice E. Kruse to Frank and
Emma Cuneo, lot un W line of Moscow street.
175 N of India avenue'. W 100 by N 25, lot 38,
block 69. Silver Heights; $10. -
- William A., Thomas Jr. and Frederick E.
Magee to same, all of same, quitclaim deed;
$10. ,
Walter Magee to same, same; $10.
A. S. and Emma C. Baldwin to John H. and
Sophie DIercks. lots 11 and 12. block 4. sub
division 1 of Castro-street Addition; $10.
M. F. and Johannah E. Blanchard to Alfred
And ; Dagmar K. - Richardson, lot on S line of
Thirtieth street. 75 W of Warren, W 3:0, S
64. W 21:6.- S 61. E 25. N 125; $10.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
FRIDAY. AUGUST 7. 1JHW.
City and County of San Francisco to Wil
liam F. Wilson, lot on, S line of Turk street.
55 E of Buchanan. E 55 by 8 00; .
Elizabeth L. May to George R. Child, lot on
E line of Webster street. S2:tf N of Pine. N 30
by B- SI :3: $10.
Frank R. and Sophie Grannis to Babette
Cahn (wife of Aaron), lot on W line of Devisa
dero street. 87 :« N of Sutter. N 22 by W 100;
100 Twenty- Klght Oil 4 jo
r>00 Aztec Oil S5
Ktreet— ... .
l<w Senator Oil 72
&00 Central Pt Con Oil . . . ." go
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Eleven.
Herbert Roper (owner) with J. Frank Ball
(contractor), architect . All work for ft
two-story frame building on S line of California
street South or Deeth. 04 E of Fourth avenue,
E 2S by S 100; $1400.
Independent Electric Light and Ujwer Com
pany (owners) with W. P. Fuller & Co. (con
tractors), architects Bliss & Faville— Glass of
skylights, glass, etc.. for addition to power
house between Humboldt and Twenty-third
streets from west. ride of Georgia street east
ward; 121ns..
Itallan-Swis* Colony (owners) with Thomas
W. -Butcher (contractor) architects Hemenway
& Miller— Brick work for a three-story build
in)? on W line of Battery street, 137:0 S of
Greenwich. N 137:6 by W 137:6; $18,200.
United Realty Company (owner) with Keat
inge & Leonard (contractors), architects same —
Concrete work for building orr NE corner of
Third and Sherwood streets. N 25 by E 77:6;
$2400. . • :
John A. Weber (owner) with Adolf Hennlngs
(contractor), architect . All work ex
cept plumbing and gas fitting for a three-story
frame building (flatd) on S lino of Hayes
street 12S:1H E of Schrader, E 25 hy S 137:6;
$7W»:
John A. Weber fownrr) with H. 'H. West
phall (contractor), architect . Plumb
ing and gas.flttlng for same on same; $1248
F. Hausmann (owner) with G. G. Gillosple
(contractor), architect . All work for
a one-story frame building (store) on W line
of Devlfadero street. 26:7 S of Sacramento.
MxllK); $1300.
Builders' Contracts.
The association for a long time past
has suffered exceedingly from lack of
journeymen boatbuilders t and conse
quently the trade has been affected to a
!arje degree. The men have been bo
scarce that the association finds It im
possible to continue the division of the
craft into separate trades and boatbuild
ers will havo to do any class of work as
signed them.
The Master Boatbuilders' Association
held a meeting last night and after much
discussion they adopted a set of resolu
tions. In which they state that from now
on all journeymen boatbuilders will have
to do the work assigned them by their
employers and there will be no such thing
as different trades under the head of boat
builders.
BOATBTJILDERS MUST DO
WORK ASSIGNED THEM
Employers Find It Impossible to
Continue System of Divi
sions in the Craft.
Sixty-four died In the City and County Hos
pital, 11 In the City and County Almshouse, 7
in the Emergency Hospitals, 4 In the bay and
144 In ¦ the various hospitals, homes and asy
lums, leaving 379 to be distributed throughout
the various sanitary districts Into, which the
city to divided.
Some of the principal causes^of death were:
Diphtheria 8. measles 3. whooping-cough 6,
scarlet fever 1, typhoid fever 8. dlarrheal dis
eases 7, septic diseases 9. dietetic 9. constitu
tional diseases 132, aqiong these being :ts from
cancer (all varieties): pulmonary consumption
75. other forms of tuberculosis (consumption)
14, developmental diseases 41, among these be
ing 31 from diseases of the new born, old age
10; nervous system 55. Including 11 deaths from
alcoholism, 18 from cerebral apoplexy. 12 from
d!seace« of brain; circulatory system 'S2. In
cluding 69 deaths from diseases. of the heart;
respiratory system 66. Including 12 deaths from
bronchitis. 48 from pneumonia: digestive system
73; urinary system 27. Including 24 deaths from
nephritis (Bright'* disease); violent deaths 50.
Including 35 from misadventure and negli
gence, such as shock following operation, burns,
drowning, falls, railroad accidents, etc.; sul
ctdea 15. by cutting 2. drowning I, firearms 4,
hanging 3. gas 2. carbolic add 1. strychnine 2.
Edward M. Coffey, statistician to the
Department of Public Health, yesterday
submitted tho following report of births
and deaths registered for the month of
July:
Blrthsireglstered. 500. equal to a rate of 14.62
por 1000 per annum, as against 417 for July,
1902, when the rate was 13.89.
Deaths registered. 609, equal to a rate of
17.82 per lOOO'per annum; deducting' from this
number 50 deaths classed under the heading of
"violent" gives a rate of 16.35 per 1000 from
all natural causes. For I the corresponding
month, of last year 607 deaths were registered
with a rate of 20.23 per 1000.
Statistician Coffey Submits Figures
on Births and Deaths.
VITAL STATISTICS FOR JULY.
Kdward M. Roland 90.9 T Philip O'Brien
89.L\ Frederick Head 9S.5 William H.- Chase
08.5. John K. Broderlck 08.5. James J Cooney
B8.4. Alexander D. d'Ancona 07.6. James O'Hal
loran 87. «. Josephine H. Weed '96.05, Frederick
L. Ruddock 96.7. Patrick Barrett 06.6. Andrew
T. McOreery U3.0. Ignatius D. Dwyer l»."».4,
Thomas J. Powers »5.:! Ralph W. Bllven WSlS,
| Richard J. Cline 05.1. Joseph G. Hagarty 05.1,
Charles A. Sankey 05 Herman Zimmerman 95.
Otto F\ Tlessen U4.0. Humphrey B. Moynihan
94. Benjamin P. Wilbur 1»4 Joseph F. Roesman
84. William T. Knorp 03.8. Paul A. McCarthy
93.7. Florence J. McAullfTe 93.6. Charles T.
Waters 03.2 William H. McCarthy 0.5.1. James
D. Wiseman 92.7. Frank Kltz 02.7 Louis D.
1 Sloss <»2.5. Isaac Citron 92T4 William X Swa-'
sey !»2.2. William W. Bailsman 02 Patrick J.
Murphy 01.8. Stanley A. Horan Ull55. Thomas
Kennfy 91.15, Kllzabeth Qulnn Hl.l Parker
Crlttenden 90.9. Louis L. Bernheim 90.H Law
rence J. Welch 00.8. John F Donahue 00.5.
John J. Carroll 90.1*. Gorham D. Sanderson
90.05. Charles II. Hlgglns 80.S, Arthur P.
Rhodes 89.7. Robert McCord S9.4 Robert A.
Miller S0.3. William H. Williams 89._ Myles
A. Walsh 8S.9. Frank D. Conley SS.2 Francis
E Kane SS.2. Kdwln B. Trlpp 8S Ernest H.
Faucomrre W. George P. Taaffe 88. A. W.
Myer 87.9. Rudolph Urbals 87.9. Edward L.
O'qpnor 87.8. James A. Douglass 87.6 Wil
liam P. Golden 87.6, Charles H Dodge 87.4.
William G. Antonovlch 87. Frank J. Burke 87.
Charles J. King S7. Joseph S. Graham 87 Jo
seph C. Flfeld 87. Richard Garvey SU.0 A'lfred
W. Chalker 80.8. Fred L. Waibel 86.8." Robert
E. O'Neill '80.8. Eugene McFadden 86. 7. George
W. Schneider S0.3. George E. Giblin 86.2,
George M. Bowne S6.2, Joseph P. Hayes 86.2,
James F. Pressley 88.1, Nathaniel SanJers
S6.1 Patrick J. Leonard Sfl.l. Philip McAnany
86. Eugene W. Hawley 85.9. William J. Don-
Ion 85.». Isaiah M. Silver M5.8. George T. La
frentz 85.7. John E. Sharp 85.4. William W.
Griffin Jr. S5.2. Bertha Zimmerman S3. Wil
liam T. Kearns 85. William P. McLaughlln
84.9 James T. Donahue 81.7. Nicholas T Ar
rinRton 84.0. Ella M. Hammond 8».6 William
White 84.5. Michael I. Rodrigue 84.4. Paul
McAnulty 84.4. Elizabeth C. Kan* 81.35 James
L. Manly 84.1. Lawrence Buckley Xi.'n Wil
liam G. Karpe 83.55. John Hannan 8.1.5 Allan
II Brown R-1.35, Clarence K. Harman 8.J.3.
Allen A. Garner 81.25, Frank Rittigsteln 83.1.
Henry F. Dunne 83.1. George L Sharp 83.1;
Nicholas J. Barry 82.9. James E. Murphy S2.8
Frank E. Metcalf 82.5 Anthony G. Knight
82.4. David Meeker 82.1. Marl* Garrett 82.1.
Charles H. Squires 81.7. William J. Riley S1.0
James H. O'Hea 81.6. George P. Pouttney R1.5
Frank Crowe SI. 4. -William A. Shaw 81.:?. Sara
M. Kane 81.2. Francis X. Foley 81.2. Mills G.
Canada 81.2. John P. M. Huck 80.9, George
Miller SO. OR, John White M.&. Moses Marcus
80.3, George H. Sullivan SO. I, Perry R. Hen
nessey 80.1, Edward A. Griffith 80, Peter E.
Lynch SO. Joseph I. Twohlg 7ft.9f». Albert A.
Peterson 79.3. William W. Whan 79.K. William
A. Devin* 7».R. Andrew J. Ford 70.3, Freder
ick A. Osborn 79.3. John J. O'Connell 7f».2.
James A. Code 79.1, John A. Carroll 79.1.
Charles H. t'offey 7ft.0r», Thomas A. Nolan 79.
Harry K. Styles 7R.95, Kdward J. Smith 78.7,
Joheph A. O'Farrell 78.6.. Thomas Hertford 78. li,
John M. Miller "SB. Kate G. McElwee 78..",
Alexander Dijeau 7K.JS. Edward I. O'Donnell
IH.Zk ¦ Patrick F. Dillon 7S.4, John Bovey 7s.::. |
Alfred L. Morgenstern 78.2. "Mary A. Connolly j
78.1. George J. Plato 7*. Richard B. Teehan j
78. Charles II. Meese 77.9 Hugh H. Hay 77.8.
John Shields 77.7. Howard V. Hay 11.(5, David
Weir 77.6, John Royle. 77.5. Edward J. Harper
77..1. Mary ¦ K. Hilt 77.2, George A. Rowland
77.1, John O. Schroeder 77.05. Homer C Wai
r*n 77. William MacMullen 7«.9. John D. Lynch
76.0. Frederick A. Teasland 7«.8, James P.
Sullivan 7B.75, John J. Harrold 76.7. Joseph
N. Harrison 76.7, David f<. Reynolds 76.5.
George AV. Ratio 76.3, James P. Devlno 76.3,
Edward C. Hayes 76.3. Charles D. South 76.2.
John L. Rom»r 76.2. William T. Donohue 76.2.
Thomas J. Sharkey 76.1, John T. McGowan
7M.1.-M*rtln E. Dunn 7B.9, Henry- 1/ Auerbaeh
75.75. Thomas Foley 75.H, George H. Bradshaw
7B.5, William F. Brechtel 75.5. James Uowian
75.4, Thomas J. Horan 75.3, Patrick Holland
75.3. Grant W. Gagan 75.3. John F. Eggert
7fi.3. James P. Rlley 75.2. Michael J.
Whelan 75. .
The Civil Service Commission yesterday
announced the following new eligible list
of ordinary clerks: '
MAY BE , CHOSEN
Civil Service Commission Announces
Names of Hen Eligible.
The Supervisors' street committee yes
terday recommended that an extension of
ninety days be granted to the Barber As
phalt Company within which to complete
its contract to widen and repave Third
street. The storekeepers who had com
plained the day before that the delay waa
ruinous to business objected to any ex
tension of time, but afterward consented.
In order to expedite, the 'work General
Manager Chapman stated that he had
ordered the cars to run out Mission street
and down Fourth to the depot until the
improvement is completed, j ,
.The committee also directed the corpor
ations maintaining poles on Third street
to remove and reset immediately such
poles as obstruct and impede the progress
of the work, and the gas and electric
company maintaining gas mains and elec
tric wire conduits between Brannan and
Townsend streets, on Third, to change the
location of the same. The Board of Pub
lic Works waa directed to see that the
provisions of the resolution' are carried
out. Gratz Brown of the Barber Asphalt
Company said the work would take ninety
days, but might be completed sooner.
Cars Are to Run Along
Fourth Until Paving
Is Finished.
Supervisors' Committee
Acts on Third-Street
Question.
CONTRACTOR GETS
TIME EXTENSION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. AUGUST 8, 1903.
13
RAILWAY TBAVELw
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
• Tralni l«ave and are due to srrif* s k .
SAN F BAN CISCO. I
(Main Line. Toot of Market Street > <_
_._TB — Tmom ApeusT 1. 1903. — akktwm
7 JO- Benlcla, Salion. Klmlraaad Sacra-
mento 7.2Sp
7.00a Vac*rlHe, Winters. Bnmser- 7.25e
7.30- Msrtlnex San * Ramon, Vallejo,
Kapa, CaUstoga, Baata Bom 8.25?
7.30a Sllea, Urermore, Latbrop. Stock-
ton 7.2S?
•.00- DaTls. Woodland. Knights l__dtsg.
Marys-llle. OroTllle. (connects
at MsrysrUle for Grldley, Biggs
a-iCnico) . 7.58»
|.00a AU_Btle Express— Ogden aad Sss*. 1025*
1.00a Port Costa, kartlnes. Antloch. By- .
ron,Trae7,Stoo_too,Saeramento,
Loa Baaoa. Mendota, Baaford.
Vlsalla, FortanOle m4._M»
•4XU Fort Costa. Martlne*. Tracy, I_tt>-
rep. Modesto, Mereed. Fresno.
- -1 Ooa_en Jaaatlon, Hanford. VI-
salla, B*-era_eld 6.23~
8.30- Bbasu Express— Davis. Wtlllama
(for Bartlett Bprt-ffs). Wtllowi,
tFroto. Red Bluff. Fortl«_d 755?
1.30a KUes, Saa Jose, LlTermore. Stock-
ton.Ione.Sacrtme-ta.Ptooerrllle.
- HarysTllie, Cblco, B_d Blaff 4-2Sp .
830*O«kd»le. Chinese. Jame-town. So-
nor*. Tnolamne and Angela 4.Z5P
900* Martinet and Way Stations. .*¦§§*
10-OOa Vallejo- 12 25*
• 10.00* El Paso Paasenger, K_»t_oaad.—
Port Costa, Martlne*. Byron. ¦'...;
Tracy, L»t_rop. Stockton.
Merced. Raymond, rrono, Baa-
ford. VlsaUm, Bakenfleld, Lo«
Angeles aad SI Paso. (West- • i_**
bound arrlTes Tta Com: Line)... «1.30y
1000a Tbe Orerland Limited — Ogdeo,
DenTer, Oma_a, Cblcnga f-25*
1200- HaTward. N Ue» aad Way Stations. 5 J8»
tVOOr Sacramento Hirer 8teai_era- TiUXJr
3 30p Bealda, Winter*. Sacramento.
Woodland, "Winuma. ColaM.Wn-
. lows. Knights Landtag. Mary*- _
Tllle, Orovllls indw.jr station*.. 10 55*
3 30p Bayward, Ktles and Way Station*.. 7.55*
4 OOr M»rtln«x,San Ramon. ValleJo.Napa,
CaUstoga. SaoUBoaa..... __$-_§*
4.00? M»rUDe*.Tr»cy,Lat_rop.fltoe_to_, -10.23*
4.00* NUes, LlTennore. Stockton. Lodl.. 4.25*
4 30r Bsyward. Kllea. Irrlngton. Saal t»65*
Jose. LlTermore f t1l.5a*
6 COp The Owl Limited— rresno.Tnlar«,
Balersfleld, Los Angeles; con-
nects at Saagoa for Basts Bar-
bara. :. 8.51*
BOOr Port Cotta, Traoy, Stockton, Las
Banos; .*¦¦¦— 1J-28F
t6 30r Bayvard. Kllea and San Jose ,_.. 7.23*
6 00p Hsywara, KUu aad 6aa Jote... .._ 10 25*
600p Orfental MaU— Ordea. Denrer..
; Omaba. St. Loots. CMcago and
East. (Carrlet PaUmsn c v p»»- .
>•;'.:¦ teogera only ont <w 8»a Fran-
Cisco. Toarltt ear and coaca >/•>;<
paasengert take 7.00 r. x. trmla
to Reno, eontlaaing tbence In >
their cars • r.M. train eastward.. 4.23*
Westbound. Sunset Limited.—
From New York, Chicago. New
Orleans, £1 Pa*o, Los - Angeles. . ¦
Freino. Berenda, Raymond (from
Yotemlte), Hirtlnes. Arrives.. 8-23*
7.00' Ban Pablo, Port Coita, llartlaex
and Way Station!. 11. 25*
J7.00p Vallejo 7.M»
7-OOr Port Costa, Benlcla, Salsun, D»t1».
Sacramento. Trnckee, Beno.
Btopa at all stations east of
Saeramento 7.55a
• C6p Oregon _ California Express— Sac-
ramento, MaryiTllIe, Reddlag;
Portland, Pnget Sound and Bait. 863 a
)8.10r Hayward. Nllea and San Jose <S«_-
__ dayonly) M1-55*
11.25p Port Costa, Tracy, Lat— roo. Mo- j»
deito. Merced, Raymond (to To>
Semite), Fresno, Uanford, VI-
mm _ salla. Bakersfleld 12-28S
COAST LINE tfarrtw G»a 5 e).
(Foot of Market Street)
1745* Santa Crux Excursion (Sunday
only) ».10-
8.16a Newark. Centerrllle. San Jose.
Felton. BoQlaer Creek, Santa
Cras and Way Stations 8.23'
t2.16r Newark, CenterTllle. Saa Jose,
New Almaden. Los Gatos.Felton,
Bonlder Creek. Santa Crai and
Principal Way Stations 10-55*
4.1 Bp Newark. San Jose, Loa Oatoa and
way stations (on Saturday and
Sunday runs through to Santa
Cms; Monday only from Santa
Crai). Connects at Felton to
and from Bonlder Creek.... t8SS I
_ OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
. From SAN t'KANCISCO. Foot ot Market St. (Slip »»
— tJ:15 »:0O 11:00*.-. 1.00 3 00 6.15^.11.
From OAKLAND. Foot or Broadway — t«:00 »:M
t8:05 10:00 *._. 1200 200 400 r.M.
COAST LINE (Bread ttaage).
tW~ ( 1 bird aad Tow mend Streets.)
6.10a San Jose and Way Stations 7~.SBr
+700* San Jose and War Stations 6-JOp
/8.00a Xew Almaden (Toes., Frld.) /4.10>
17.15* Monterey and Santa Crux Excnr-
slon (Sanday only) tt-SOr
8 CO* Coait Line Limited— Stop* only San ¦ •
Jo»e,GnroT.Holllster,PsJnroXa*-
troTllle. Salloaa. San AMo. Pmso
Robles. Santa M argsrtta, San Luts
Oblip4t.(prt_clpalitatlona thence)
Santa BarbamSaugiii andLosAn-
geles. Connection at CastroYtlla
to and from Monterey and Paclflo
. GroTeaadatPajaro north boond —.—
from Capltola aod SanttCrnr 10-45P •
¦ CO* San Jose. Trea Plnos. Capltola.
8ant-Cms.Paelflc OroTe.Sftllnaa,
San Luis Oblipo and Principal
Intermediate Station* 4.10»
Westbound El Pato Passenger.—
From Chicago. El Paso. Loa.Aa-
geles, Santa Barbara. ArrlTes.. 1 30*
1038* 8an Jo«e aod Way Stations 1.20P
11. CO* Cemetery Fansentrer — South Saa
Francisco, San Bruno 1.05»
11 -30a San Joae, Los Gatos and Way St*-
; ___ Mons ;. 5.38^
«1-30> Ban Jose and Way Sutloui x7.00*
2 OOr Sao Jose and Way Stations {3 40*
2-3UP Cemetery Passenger— Sontb Saa
Franct»eo. San Bruno 4.35p
T 13. OOP Del Monte Ezprena— Santa Clara.
~.v- T/> San Jov% Del Monte. Monterey.
-'.. '<- Pacific GroTe (connects at Santa
Clara for Santa Cru, Boulder »
- -- Creek and Narrow Oaage Points) t1 Z-15*
*^0~ BarllDrame. San Mateo, Redwood.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto. Mayfleld.
\ Mountain View. Lawrence. Santa
'Clara. San Joae, Gllroy (connec-
tion for Holllater. Tres Plnon),
Pdjaro (connection for Watson-
vine. Capltola and Santa Crux),
Pacific GroTo and way stations.
Connect* at Castrorill* for 8>
llnaa 10 45*
" San Jose snd Way Sutlons 836*
tSCOP San Jose. (tI» Santa Clara) Loa >.- ;
Gatot . Wrlgbt and Principal Way
Station* m00*
I a 30p San Joae and Principal Way SUttoas, t3 00*
TB-Iop SanMateo,Bere8ford,Belmont,8an
Carlos, Redwood, Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto t8 49»
G30p 6sn Joae and Way Suttona 63S*
7 OOP Eunaet Limited. E«stbound.— Saa
Lula Oblapo. Santa Barbara. Los
Angeles. I>emlng. El Paso. New .
Orleana, New York. (Weatbouad
arriTesTla Son Joaquln Valley)... v8 2S«
8.00? Palo Alto and Way Stations 101 5*
«1130p Mlllbrae, Palo Alto and Way Sta-
tion* t94Sv
all 30r MHlbrae, San Jose and Way Sta-
tlons 19.45^
> A for Morning. V tor Afternoon.
X Saturday and Sunday only.
! Stop* at all stations on Sanday.
t Sunday ezcepted. I Sanday only.
a Saturday only.
- Connects at Goshen Jo- with trains for Raafartt
Vlialia. A t Freano, for Vlaalls Tta Banger.
« Via Coaat Ltne. /Tuesday and Friday,
•n Arrive tIi NMles. n Dally except Satnrday.
wVla San Joaquln Valley.
t Stops Santa Clara south bound only. Coeaeeta,
except Sanday, for all points Narrow Gangs.
t-~Only trains stopping at Valencia St. •ont_bonn4
are 6:10 *._.. 11:00 a.m.. 2:30 p.m. and 4:80 r._-
¦ TO SAN RAFAEL, *
SAN QUENTIN,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO,EJC,
via Sausalito Ferry
WEEK DAYS— ( Holidays exceptedV-* : 43.
t1:45, 8:45. 8:45. 11 a. m.. 12:20. '1:43. 3:13.
415 $5-15 »fl:15. 6:«. 0. 11:45 P- m.
7:45 a. _u train week days does not run to
M SIINDAY3 AND LEGAL HOUDATS— 7.
« S H D t.|0. 11. tll:30 a. m.. tl2:3O tn:SO.
4:35; »3:5O. 5, 6, 7:30. 9. 11:45 p. m. '
Trains marked <•) run to San Quentln. Tbose
marked <t) to Fairfax, except »:15 p. m. Satur-
days. On Saturdays the 3:15 p. m.- train mm
W raOM*_AN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCfSCO
— \V>ek Oays— 5:25. $8:25. 7:40. 8:15, t»:3.\
11:05 a. mT. 12:30. 2:20. »:45. 4:50. 8UJ0. 6:45.
10 SUNDAYS-e:15. 7:33. t3:10 0:40. |10:M.
111« a m.. 12:50. 2:30, 13:25. 4:40. tfl.50. :,.
«:55. 7133. 10:20 p. m.
Trains marked (t) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Week days — 8:45, 6:40, 7:43. 8:25.
9:45. U :10 a. m. 12:40. 2:45. 4:15. 5:10, 7:05.
1O SUNDAT_— «:33. 7:55. 10, 11:10 a. m.. 12:03,
1 05 2-40 3:45. 4:55. 6:05. 7:10. 10^40 p. m.
7:45 a. m.. week days— Caradero and way
"a^lifl*. m.. week days (Saturdays excepted) —
Torcales and way stations.
S:15 p. m., Saturdays-^Cazadero and way
Sundays and Legal Holidays— 8 a. m., Caza-
dero and way stations. .
Sunday* and Legal Holidays— 10 a. m.. Point
Reyes and way stations.
TICKET OFFICE — 6-fl Market St. %
• FERRY— Foot of Market st. '
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Tk Saa-OUs hnj ArrHre '
San Fran. Hat rf Markat «. Saw Fran.
Week Son- _-SB^ Son- IVVeS*
d^-*- 4*y** /wPHw da ? ra .. P'y*-
»:45a ».OOa lg_?otS__Sffll 1»:OOn 9:15a
l:45p 9:OOa \_ra2_78Ew 13:5Op3:3Op
5:l«p 1O:OOa yffiJSj^mFf 3:30p 5:3Or
ZZHHI >:*5r *:OOp -
UtBtojtmij, -m Tkrara T 9t3Or,BxinU. lltSOr I
, TUXIt i K» Majuutt St., (North Shore R_Uroad>
. Q7KCB I aad SAUSA_m>F-UT. Foot Markat Sc
2 j?5^? M 3_P° n HODSEKEEPISG.
HERBERT <The) — Sunny "apartments for
housekeeping; gas ranges; Just newly fur-
*riEhcd. 1B30 Polk st.
HOWARD. 10C3— 2 sunny connecting complete-
ly furnished bay-window rooms; range; elec-
LEAVENWORTH. 512«4— Large sunny room.
Inc. k_s; $!_. Also. 3 sunny rooms. $20.
MINNA, 673, near 7th — Sunny yard and kltch-
en. back parlor, complete for housekeeping.
O'FARRELL. 1516— Very nicely furnished sun-
ny front housekeeping rooms; parlor floor.
STOCKTON. 1206— Model house, newly fur-
nifhed; front housekeeping rooms: phone.
VALENCIA. 20S — Two sunny housekeeping
gas range, running water, bath, phone.
! WEBSTER. 430—2 or 3 large sunny connect-
1 ing partly furnished basement ruoms; corner
flat; yard.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription^
reoclved at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st
A. BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia gt. ¦¦'¦;- ¦*>
UOOMS TO LET — Forn. and Unf-m.
A-i — City Room Renting Agency,
1104 Market st.. cor. Turk and Market sts..
. Rooms 3 and 4. Phone Jessie 4471.
FREE FREE
We locate you free of charge
in Rooms with or without board.
Housekeeping Rooms or Hotels.
A OENTLEMAN of regular habits can secure
• a large, sunny and comfortably furnished
room, with private family. on» block from
••able and electric oar lines and 5 minutes'
wa!k from park entrance ; references. Box
4953. Call.
A— BRUNSWICK House. J4S Sixth— Rooms
"5c to $1 per -light, $1 23 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almont-.' 1 87;'. Market st. (or No. I
Fifth tt.)— Rooms. 25c. 50c. Jl. $1 50 night;
$1 SO to $10 wr*k; house open all night.
ANTLERS, 415 Turk — 3. 4 and 5 room apart-
ments for hkpg. : strictly mod.: elec. elevator.
A LARGE furnished room for 1 or 2 gents;
bath; running water; references. 889 Post st.
BURNETT, 1420 Market— (old No. 1304)— Fur-
nished rooms, t--.il: in, stngle; also unfurnished.
CLIFF"ORI>. 204 Kills, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms: prices reasonable.
FIFTH, 33— SCnny bay-window rooms; also
single rooms; $1 50, J2 50 to $4 per week.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission— Rooms 50c
to SI 50 night; $2 to $U week; reading-room.
HOTEL GRAYSTONE
60 Geary st.: ih.me Bush sv>.
Centrally located fireproof hotel; -legantly
furnished suiter, with baths -nd elngles.
j KEARNY. 420— Six beautiful rooms to let.
' O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny lurnlshed rooms and
ofnceg; elevator; flee, light;: day, week, mo.
j hOYAL Ilbuse. 120 Ellin— Incandescent lights.
1 readirg-rcom, smoking-room and ladles" par-
lor; rooms per night, 35e to $1 50; week. %'l
to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
Coor; rooms with hot and rold watef; baths.
TKHAMA, 317— Suite of rooms; nice for 2 gen-
tlemen; rent reasonable.
TT'RJC. £10 — Nicely furnished rooms; suites or
single.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy st.. near Market
—400 single end family rooms; 35c to %\ '
ni*M: II 75 to $8 week; elevator; electric,
lights: reading-room; free bus and bag«age.
j VAN NESS ave.. 619 — Renovated: handsome
eunny furnished suites front rtus.: mod. con v.
( WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market—
i Meet convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
£Sc to $1 50 night; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
AMOY. THE 901 DEVISADERO ST.
Strictly flrst-class family hotel; surnvr rooms,
rulte or single; billiards; steam heat.
OLD Stevenson Mansion. opD. Grace Church,
with annex. 807 California «t. — Attractive In-
terior; exceptional table; free billiard-room.
OCTAVIA. 606— Rooms $5 up; breakfast and
dinner. 12 50 a week.
nOOMS A.MJ BOARD WANTED.
A HOME for 2 gentlemen and 2 little girls.
Box 4:n*4, Call office.
I BY mechanic, g<xx! breakfast, with vegetables,
bs well as other meals. Rox-4!KJ&. Call.
! '"
.ROOM- WANTED
j Kl'RXISHED housekeeping rooms.' Address, by
mail, with particulars. A.' J. G.. 128 Church.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWrTt-RS^-V*
cell better machines for less money than any
hcuse In the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 286.
A FEW good typewriters at 530 each: get par-
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st.
ID-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 209 Sansome.
PROPOSALS.
! ADVERTISEMENT for bids for steam-heating
and distributing apparatus for the University j
of California — Notice to contractors, builders |
and material men — Notice is htrtby given I
by the Hrg^nts of the University <.>f California !
10 all or'nr^rnod that sealed proposals or bldn j
are solicited .in three water-tub* boilers. |
*"*ch to contain one-half the heating surface
rf-quired to fyrnish steam for one engine, as i
I outlined below; one vertical or horizontal j
i rross-rompo_n«l. tion-condensing cngln**, to j
be arranged for direct connection to one 200 •
j K. W. alternator, the necessary feed pumps, I
feed water heafrs. Fteam separ— t<T». traps J
and furl pll burninc apparatus complete. In- I
eluding ail necessary piping, valves and \
rutings within the building, and all neces-
t-ary piping between tanks, etc.. the plant
to be furnished ar^ installed complete at
Berkeley upon foundations furnished by the
university. Also steam piping for distribu-
tion of eteara for heating purposes to the
various buildings. Bald sealed bids or pro-
posals will be received at room 16, South |
Hall, at the I'nlvereity grounds. Berkeley, j
<>n or before 3 o'clock p. m. yf the 17th |
day of Aueust. I'.MXJ. And notice is hereby }
further given that tilans and specifications |
for ea!d construction have been made and j
adcp'ed and are placed In the engineering ]
E offices, room 7, 331 Pine Etn*et. San Fran-
cisco, where the same may be teen and ex-
amined Juring *ach day from ft o'clock a. m.
until 4 o'clock p. m. from this <iale until
the 15th day of August, 1903. No bids or
proposals will be considered unless the same
are accompanied bv a certified check or -a
tond of said proposer equal to ten (10) per
cent of his proposal, with sufficient sureties,
conditioned that If *aid bid or proposal shall
b- accepted the party proposing will duly
enter into > proper contract with the said
Regents to faithfully perform the duty and
obligations In accordance with suld proposal
mid pl^ns and specifications, which shall be
and are hereby required to be a part of such
contract. The right to reject any and all
bids is hereby reserved. This notice is given
pursuant to an act entitled "An act to
amend »n act entitled 'An act to create
and organize the University of California.'
approved March 25, 18C8, and an act. .
amendatory of section 25 thereof, approved
March 28. 1S72. relating to the construction
of bulldngs." approved March 3, 1897. By
f>rder of the Committee on Grounds and
Buildings of the Board of Regents. W. A.
McKOWEN Secretary of the Board of
Rtgents of the University of California.
PROPOSALS— Bids wanted — Notlca is hereby
given that* sealed proposals will be received
by the Board of Directors of the Veterans'
Hcroe of California at room 13. 320 Sansome
rt.. Ban -Francisco. Cat., up to 3:30 p. m.
on MONDAY. August 10, 11*0.3, for furnishing
uniform coats, pants and blouses for toe Vet-
erans' Home, Napa County, Cal. (R. R. sta-
tion, Yountvllle), for six months, ending De-
cember SI. l'->03. Preference will be given to
goods manufactured In this State, price,
fitness and quality being equal, under the
provisions of sec. S247 of the Political Code.
Each bidder must accompany his bid with a
certified check upon some well-known and re-
sponsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent of the amount of his bid, payable to
C. Mason Klnne, treasurer, conditioned that
the bidder will enter Into a good and valid
contract upon eotlce of acceptance, aa re-
quired by law. The board reserves the right
to reject any or all bids and to order any
quantity over cr under the amount specified.
Address John F. Eheehan secretary of the
Board of Directors of the Veterans' Home of
California, room 18, 820 Sansome st.. Saa
Francisco, Cal. By order of the Board oX
Directors JOHN F. SHEEHAN. See.
PROPOSALS for public building);. Office con-
structing quartermaster. V. 3. A.. 34 Keat-
ing block. Ban Diego, Cal., Aug. 6, 1903.
Eealed proposals. In triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 10 a. m.. September 4, 1903,
and then be opened for the construction,
plumbing, heating and electric wiring of two
double officers' quarters, one double N-C-O-
auarters and one coast artillery barrack at
Fort Rosecrans, Cal. A guarantee required
to amount to 10 per cent of bid. Preference
will be given to articles of domestic produc-
tion, cost and quality considered, and to
articles of American production produced or
manufactured on the Pacific Coast. Bidders
must state In their bids the time In which
they will complete work. Instruction* to bid.
ders furnished at this office or at office of
chief quartermaster, San FrancUco. Cal.,
where plane end specifications can be 'seen.
United States reserves the right to accept or
' reject any or all bids, or any part thereof.
Envelopes containing proposals should be In-
dorsed "Proposals for Public Buildinga. Fort
Boaecrans, Cal." CAPT. B. H. ROLFE. Q. M.
RAILWAY TRAVEI-
California ,
Limited— U*
7. CHICAGO
lO^C-i An Ideal Train
[{--IHBf H] For Those Who
iSoK^il Seek th9 BeSt
SANTA FE TRAINS.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
" Local Llm"d Local OvTl'd
Dally Dally Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran.'... 7:S0a 9:30 a 4:00 p 8:00 p
Ar. Stockton 10:40 a 10:01 p 7:10 p 11:13 p
"Merced '.. l:05p 1:53 p 1:28a,
"Fresno 2:40p 3:20p 3:15a
"Hanford ...'.. 4:38p 4:07 p 7:S0a
•'Vlsalla....... 4:33p 4:43 p S:00a,
"Bakersfleld .. 7:I5p 6:00p T:S3a
"Kansas City.. .....;. 2:33a T:00a
"Chicago 2:lSp.. 8:47p
a for morning; p for afternoon.
7:30 a m. Dally Is Bakersfleld Local, stop-
ping at all points In San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:05 a. m. dally.
!i:.';0 a m Monday and Thursday Is the
CALIFORNIA LIMITED, carrying
Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining Can
through to Chicago. Chair car runs to Bakers,
field for accommodation of local flrst-class pas-
1 tensers. No second-class tickets ar* honored
on this train. Corresponding train arrives at
11:10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday.
9:30 a. m. Dally, Valley Limited. Composite
Car a,n_ Reclining Chair Car between Bakers-
field and San Francisco. Corresponding train
arrives at 11:10 p. m.- dally. -—.•~.c i : . .
4:00 p.m. is Stockton Local. Corresponding
train arrives at 11:10 a. m. dally,. - r
8:00 p. ni. Daily Is the Overland Express
with through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Cor-
responding train arrives at 6:23 p. m. daily.
Personally conducted parties for Kansas City,
Chicago and East leave San Francisco every
Monday. .Thursday and Saturday, at 8 p. m.
Offices — <i41 Market street and In Ferry De-
pot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway. Oakland.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN HY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO ANO NORTH PACIFIC
BAILWAT COBXFAZrr.
Tibnron Ferry, root of Market St.
SAW PBANCISCO TO SAN BAFAXL-
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:00. 0:00, 11:00 a. ra.:
12:35. 2:30, 3:40, 5:10, 5:50. 6:30 and 11:30
P. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1 :30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 7:30 S:00. »:3O 11:00 a. m.; 1:30,
2:30. 3:40. _:10, C:30. 11:30 p. m.
SAW RAFAEL TO SAN 7BA1TCZSCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 6:50. 7:35. 7:50. 9:20,
11:15 a. m.; l_;50. •2:00, 3:40, 0:00, 5:20,
0:23 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trio at 1:45 o. m.
SITXDAYS — 6:50. 7:35. _:2O. 11:15 a. m. ; 1:45
3:40, 4:50. 5:00. 3:20. 6:10. 8:25 p. m.
•Except Saturdays.
Leave I In Effect I Airlve
San Francisco. [ May 3, 1003. |S_n Francisco.
Week [ Sun- I Destma- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | tlon. 1 days, j Days.
i 7:30a 17:43a 7:45~a
7:30a S:00a 8:40a 8:40a
S:00al 0:30 a Ignaclo. 110:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:10 p I 6:20 p 7:25 p
_________ __________
8:00a 8:COa N'ovato. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:3Op 9:30 a Petaluma. «:2Op 6:20 p
5:10 p 2:SOp and • 7:23 p 7:25 p
I 5:10 p[ Santa Rosa.; 1 )
7:30a 7:30 a V 110:20a 10:20a
S:00a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:23 p «:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p _J 7:25 p
I I Windsor. I
7:30 a! 7:30 ai Healdsburg-. 10:20a|10:20 a
J Litton. j
2:39 pf 2:30 p[ Geyserville. 7:25 pf 7:25 p
I I • Cloverdale. ¦ |
7 :.°.O a 7 :30 a I Hopland" flO:20a!lO:20 a
2:30 p 2^30 p| and Uklah. | 7:25 p| 7:25 p
" 7 :30~af 7 :30 -1 - Wliitts. I 7:25 pi 7:25 p
8:COa| .8:00 al Camp Vacation. 110:20 a|lO:2O a
2:.1Op| 2:30 p| Ouerneville. [ 7:25 p( 6:2O p
8:00 al 8:00 a! Sonoma. I 8:40 al 8:40 a
6:10 p| 5 :10p| Glen Ellen. | 6:00 p| 6:20 p
7dtO«r«7:3O«| 110:20-110:20 a
2:30 p 2:30 p| Sebastopol. | 7:2Sp| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln. Rt Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark
West Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs;
nt Gey*erville for Skaggs Springs: at Clover*
dale for the Oeysers. Pooneville and Green-
woo.; at Hopland for Duncan Spring?, High-
"land Springs. Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs.
S-'oda Bay. I.akeport and Bartlett Springes; at
Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs,
BU:«. Lakes. Laurel Iiell Lake. Witter Springs,
l.'pptr l^ake. 1'omo, Potter Valley, John Day's.
Riverside, Llerly's. Buoknell's, i Sanhedrin
Heights. IlullvlUe. Orr's Hot Spr!n_>. Half-
way House romptche. Camp 8tevenf. Hop-
kins Mendocino City, Fort Bracrr. Westport.
ITsal: at Willlts for Fort Brasar. Westport.
,Sherwo<id. Cahto. Covelo, LaytonWIIe. Cum-
mines. Bell's HprinBS. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer,
Gartervllle. Pepperwood, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundiy — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at ' half-rate*. .
Ticket o:fice. C50 Market street. Chronicle
building. . - •
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RTAN.
¦ Oen. Manager. Oen. Pas. Agt.
FHYSICIAKS AAD SURGEONS.
DR. C! C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence'
1021% Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
BLOOD. akin and rectal diaeases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market a_
', REMOVED- DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor:
treats all diseases of the human body; for
j past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 667 Geary gt.. near Leavenworth.
j DR. TONQ PO CHY. successor to Dr. Li Po
Tal, herb doctor; cures all diseases of human
J by use of herbs and teas. 727 Waehlngton st.
WONO WOO, the famous herb doctor — All dls-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISES In EAU3
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
I ment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter wt.-
STORAG- AND WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.: f_rnTture7
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 720-
731 Howard st., near Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
fice Posf and Powell sts.: tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S storagre — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 12<!.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 940
St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st.; phone Jackson 2S1.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rates.
! ST-TTERIKG A3VD STAMMERlSfO.
MELBOURNE System School. Van Ness an'd
Market; positive cure for all. Don't delay.
SUMMER KESORTS.
CA— IPEKt) — Furnished tents "complete"; eie-
gant private grounds. Inquire Millwood sta-
tion or Eastland V. O.; Wheeler Martin.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday :
John Gay, 44, Lincoln, and Mary V. Dun-
lap. 4_. 15W2 Fulton street.
i Milton E. I.Ipman, 21, 432 I.aguua street,
I and Janette P_ee, 21. Pomona.
Thaddeus Wardwell. 25. Point Richmond, and
Giac* L. St. flair. 24. city.
; Andrew 11. Dorman. 30, Los Angeles, and
Annie M. Camin. 35, Merced.
• George F. Savage, 27, 4:{S Clementina street,
and M-rle La Rose, ly. 750 Bryant street.
Alois V. S. Fux, :!9. 224 Kearny street, and
Mathilde Podlrski, ¦!». 215 Kearny street.
tjeorge L. Grunnagle, 52, 820 Turk street,
and I-aura J. Werner. 42. 1.12 McAllister st.
; Walter P. Daniels. 25. 7()O Devisadero street,
and Anna M. Grunwald. 2.:, 1908 W McAllister.
I Pio Dilena. 31. Novato, and Maria Gam-
I bonnl. 3S. Novato.
I Leonard U. Seitz. 21, city, and Jessie M.
Turner. 18. city.
Rafe Ofipenheim. 27. 1711 Post street, and
Augusta Mlddeke. 23. 537 Scott street.
Ralph T. Barker. 33. 171 Tremont « avenue,
I and Cora B. Howard. 30, Ix>s Angeles.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES^DEATHS.
Birth, marriace and death notices sent by
I mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
1 in at either of the publication offices and be
( indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
MARRIED.
EBERLINE— KRUEGER— In this city. Aur
gust <:. 1800. by the Rev. R. F. Steinbach,
J. George Eberline and Wilhelmlna Krueger,
both of Snn Franotsco.
died!
Breen. Owen McCarthy. Marguerite
fain. Ruth " * Mayhew. Mrs. B.
Clyatt. Agnes McR. Middlemas. George
Dorman. Mrs, Sarah MorrUon. Samuel L.
Kccles. Robert ! Nicholls. Francis C.
Goodman. L,oulsa J. O'Connor. Mary
Haley. William H. Ryan. William
Heussler, Roslna Sampson, Gertrude
.Tones. Harry .1. Trlttenbach. Jacob
Kelleher. John Whitney. Lawrence
Kemp. Nellie A. Young. Pauline XV.
McCorkell. John J.
BREEN— In this city. August 6. 1003. Owen
Breen, a native of aged 5« years.
CAIN— In this city, August 7, 1WKJ, Ruth
Cam, a native of England, aged SI years.
CLYATT— In this city. August 6. 100.1. Agnes
! McRae. beloved wife of W. F. Clyatt. daugh-
ter of Mary and the late James McRae. and
Fister of Mr*. A. S. Laudfr. Belle. J. F. mid
William McRae. the late Mary K. Fennell
and Alex McRae, a native of San Francisco,
ageii 27 years and .1 months.
Cyi-'riend* and acquaintances are respect- I
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day j
(Saturday), at 8:.'t«) o'clock, from her late
residence. 224 Rlchlond avenue, thonce to 8L
John's Church, where a rctjuicm high mass 1
will be celebrated for tlie repose of her soul, i
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
DORMAN— In McCloud. August 5, 1903. Mr*.
Sarah Luella Dorman, beloved wife of Fred-
eric Dorman, and mother of Loren Allen
I»ornian and the late Frederic Norton Por- I
man, a native of California, aced 31 years ]
and 1 month.
ECCLES— In this city. August 7'. lJMXt, Robert,
beloved husband of Anne Eccles. nnd father
cf Dennis, Chrtstophla and Joseph P. Eccles,
aged 77 years and 16 days. (Dublin and
Western Australia papers please oopy.) !
(CT" Interment private from 19 Bartlctt j
street. August lf». at 10 o'clock. j
GOODMAN — In this • city. August 7, 100.1; j
LouUa J.. widow of the late J.anies 11. Good- j
man. a native of St. I-miis. Mo.
CTFuneral private at Napa. Omit flow-
' era.
j IIALKY— In this city. August 0. ino.1. William
' Henry Haley, beloved son of ihe late John
I and Margaret Haley, and brother of M. J.,
I J. M. and J. L. Haley. Mrs. M J. Barrades.
i Mr*. M. J. Shrlly. Mrs. E. Armour and the
late Mrs. M. K. Klely. a native of San Fran-
! cIsco, a*eri 3»J years.
¦ C7Funeral services will take place at his
j late residence. 7 Pratt place, to-day (Satur-
1 day), at Jl o'clock, thence, to St. Mary's
I Church • r'.iiilist 1. corner California and Du-
pont streets, where a requiem high mass will
1 Im said for the rppose of his soul, commenc-
ing at J>:30 o'clock, lntcrmfnt II«>ly Cross
Cemetery, by carriage.
HEl'SSLER— In Jhis city. August 7. 1J103.
Roslna Heusfler. beloved mother of Albert
and Rosa HeuRsler. and grandmother of
Lillian. Clara and Annie HeusKler, a natlv*
! of Baele. Switzerland, aged 88 years 0
I months and 7 days. /
j (C7 1 Friends end acquaintances are respect-
: fully Invited to attend the. funeral KprvlceB
j August 0. 11)03, at 2 o'clock, at her late resl-
j dence. 125 Shotwell street, near Sixteenth.
I Interment I^aurel Hill Cemetery.
I JONES — In this city. August 7, 1003, Harry
.1.. beloved son of the late John H. and
Mary Jones, and . brother of Mrs. LIIIlo
Wood. Mrs. Kate Wltltr. Mrs. Alice Jen-
rings of San Mateo. Mrs. Bessie O'Neill and
Howard Jones, a native of. San Francisco,
aged 30 years 2 months and H days.
ICTFriendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at I2:3f» o'clock, from his lat*" resi-
dence 144 Pay street, thence to St. Paul's
Church for services at I o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. A requiem high mass
will h? celebrated for th* repose of his soul
Monday. August 10. at 0 o'clock, at Hi.
¦¦ Paul's Church. Friends are Invited.
KELLEHER— In this city. August 7. 100.1.
John Kelleher. beloved huehand of the late
Eliza Kelleher, and beloved father of Mrs.
James L. Smith. Edward Kelleher and of
the late Mary E. Crosby and th« late John
Kelleher Jr.. a native, of County Limerick,
I ¦ Ireland, aged 76 years.
KEMP— In this city, August 7. 1001, Nellie
A., beloved wife of Henry Kemp, beloved
daughter of John and Sabina Campbell, ahd
Fister of Mrs. J. Devlin, Mrs. D. McLaugh-
lln. Mrs. J. C. Tomalty and Thomas and
John Campbell, a native of Boston. Macs.,
8ged 34 years A months and 28 days.
(ETFriends and acquaintances^ are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her .late
residence, 1279 Folsom street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church for services at 1 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. *
McCORKELL— In this city. August <\, 1003,
suddenly, John J. .McCorkell, beloved son of
Mrs. Margaret Madden and the late James
McCorkell, and brother of George McCorkell
and James and Cella Madden, a native of
County Donegal. Ireland, aged 30 years 'tt
months and 6 days.
(CyFrlenf's and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 8:45 o'clock, from the residence
of his brother, George McCorkell, 221-< Dia-
mond street, near Nineteenth, thence to the
Church of the Most Holy Redeemer, where
I services wlil be held. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
MCCARTHY— In this city. August * 7. 1003,
Marguerite, youngest and beloved daughter
of Sarah and the late Eugene McCarthy,
and sister, of James McCarthy, a native of
Fan Francisco, aged 1 year 8 months and !»
days.
MAYHEW— In Los Gatos. Thursday, August
6. 1903, Mrs. Bessie Mayhew. a resident of
. Berkeley, aged 31 years and 1 day. . ¦
. iDTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sanday. August » % 1003. at 2 o'clock, at the
chapel of the Oakland Crematorium.
MIDDLEMAS — In Alameda. August 7, 1003,
George, beloved husband of Susie H. Mlddle-
!T~ NEAREST THE CITY il
n_v_HV-^___________S_______________H^_H___-___I_________________!_____i I
I OFFICE: 916 MARKET ST. jj
I James McGinn.' Henry Hansen. 1
JAMES McGINN & CO., I
Formerly With McGinn Bros., . I j
—Funeral Directors and Embalmers- — I
-U Eddy at.; Tel. South 670. I
REAL. ESTATE--CrTT FOR 9XIJB.
O. U..UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery at.
AVCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
„ AUCTION
. resiaence. Investment and unimproved prop-
* ti " b* held at our salesroom. Monday.
August 10. i»03. at 12 o'clock n<ncn.
LLLEN GALLAGHER ESTATE.
*n* *- ¦EXECUTOR'S SALE.
4PS Gough and 317 Ivy ave BW. cor.: Im-
provements consist of two houses of 7 and K
room* and b^j, each cottap e of 4 rooms.
Pteatf.ly rented for JSWKt per annum, to
confirmation by the Superior Court; lot S0x.5.
r>« - A - MALOXEY ESTATE.
4_K-_0-o2 Eddy Ft., north lino, near Leayon-
w , ol ? l l : .Modern building, ccwlsting of 3 flat*
or -«-6-< rootng and bath each, and also two
rear flats of 5-6 rooms and bath each, in per-
• l>ct order and steadily rented for *^19 per
nncum; lot 2tixl37:6. Subject to confirmation
ry the Superior Court.
FOLSOM ST. BUSINESS rnOFERTY.
rTttfsorn st.. south line, bet Fourth and Fifth.
A large choice holding will be offerfd in sub-
dtvta on*. Lo t8 lwe r« nd wiy for buH-ing;
f.'reet work all done and accepted bf the city.
r VV. tSTERN ADDITION DWELLING
B9 Elliott Tark. off Steiuer St.. ***¦• ° f; ar "
r^H and Geary; a good, substantial dwelling
ft « rooms and bath- lot ~-xT*»
.„, MISSION* DWELLING. M ,„
?037 ISth st. near Castro: I«**«T dwelling
containlni? 8 rooms and bath: lot •jr.iLSa-.S.
THOMAS R LKv'OIXT ESTATE.
• ADMINISTRATOR SALK.
Calif Drnia and Locust ns.. NE. cor.; un-
iRprcrved lot 17:4-10? :7%. ?ubjec-t to con-
firmation fcy the Sutx^-icr Court.
CHOICE BUILDING LOT.
GonjTh rt., ea« line. bet. Vallejo ar.d Green;
-nii_prove_ lot. 27x100.
CATH_niN_ HILL fSTATE.
34 Bluxome tt.. nnrlh line, near Fourth; ¦
•-beta-tl-l Mllf iliHJ buildir.g, consisting ot
'tore. S room>> and two flats of 5-7 roomi
«»ch; rents ftCG ix-r annum; lot _0_ll'0. Sub-
ject t» confirmation by the Superior Court.
J. B. PAINTER ESTATE. *
The five following parcels will be oCered:
No. 1.
FW. cor. B— .art and —ah sts.; unimproved
lots. 25x100 each.
No. 2.
Kentucky ?t.. west liae. bet. 26th and Army;
oni—jproved lot. i0x_0u to Tennessee st.
» No. 3.
Lot 34. in block 32. or Flint Tract Homestead
Association.
No, _
fTV. cor. Farallones and Capital sts.; un-
Improved lets. 25x105.
No. 5.
Lots S66-7-S-9, Gift Map Xo. 1.
For c_ talcg-e and further partlcu'i_r» appl>
G. H. L'MBSEN * CO.,
SO Montgomery at.
$2000— HOUSE of 6 rms. and b. on Clipper st.,
nr. Church; good barn; $500 down; ba.1. easy
terms: must be sold. D. COFFIN & CO.,
S303 Mission st.. opp. Twenty-ninth.
8 KEW flats of 5 and 9 room*: Beaver St.. bet
Nc* and Castro; 1 block from Market and
Sixteenth pts. ; bareain. Owner.
flSUO — SUNNT hou*e. r> rooms and bath, san-
itary plumbing; lot 23x70. 136 Lower Ter-
race, r.ear Seventeenth and AsVbury tts.
FOR tale — House S rms.; high basoment; sunny
elde 19th, bet. Valencia _: Mission; no reas.
< cCer refused. Stephens &. Co., t-'nion-sij. Mkt.
CHEAPEST and beet in America — The Weekly
' Call. 16 pages, sent to £ny address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
rc*ta ge paid.
REAL ESTATE Conntrr — For Sale.
I"n.L"IT ar.d poultrj" farm; 40 acres; Sanoma
County; 4O miles from San FYanclsco; 3
miles from Pet&luma.
2000 full bearing fruit trees; this year's
crop; cherries, 2>».500 lbs; Crawford peaches.
:;000 lbs; Bartlett pears. 61 KW lbs; plurr.s.
?WOO lbs; apples, 4'j>X) boxes; 3 acr*s aspar-
agus.
1300 hens. 7 pens fancy fowls, horses, .ler-
*ey cows and heifers, large barn. fruit
houi«e«. chicken houses, brooders, incubators.
wagrms, harness, farming and orchard out-
f.t complete and modern; dwelling houee cf
11 rooms, shade grove?, lawns and garden;
-bunSant water.
Tfcis year> net income $4000.
Apply to L. K. THOMPSON, owner, 4S2
rarrott bids., tan Francisco, or Petaluma,
CaL
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; Inspected bargain?; monthly cata-
logue sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 648
Market ct.
tlO.OOO — to ACREF pood healthv vineyard neai
Livermor-. gILAS C. WItlGHT. Llvermort.
WANTED to rent a r'« r » Bor raisinir chickens
and vegetables. Box 43K«. Call office.
CHEAPEST and bf<«t In America— The Weekly
<^all. 16 \r&(crf, sent to any address" In the
I'nited Stafef or fannda orv year for fl.
iu;al estate to sichaxce.
EKAL estate to exchange; ftve printed list.
ParlJV Cnart Ex. Bureau. KJW M&rket st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
_ ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
JUST WHAT YOU AUE LOOKING FOU!
A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
Furrounded by flowers and fruit trees; near
Iraln and schools; only $_S5O; lot 76xlS5.
Nice 5-room cottage and bath.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY
T*l f-.rprxi 14C1. 1R00 Park «.. Alameda.
"rf.V««i -One rf th» f«f!lfrt iM.ine/ In Alameda:
new mr-ilern «-ottage of « rr.Kin.r; fine tcx»-
ti<-.n; «««,.oirlcity. ca>. open jluinbing; fine
la»n; s«-e it to-day.
HAMMcM' _ HAMMON'D.
H^2 Park «t.. Alameda.
KEKK'EllnilVERTISEMENB
BEniiELKV RKAI. ESTATE.
$*0uG-ltC7 I'lIINCE ft., near SantaTr* R. R.;
large S-room houfe; high la.-^-nent: sta-
tic?: ccw barn; 7 bousea for chickens; lot
'. i ;..' street work complete; call atkd
;: •;• ri.
XV. C. MORAS * CO..
2131 Ehattuck mve.. Berkeley.
FIXE, new. handsome rottsget; up to date; al!
'"rsveniences; close to cars; Urge lots; S1.V.0
to flCOO; only f200 tash, balance $16 60 per
~;cn:h.
W. C. MORAS'. LnriTi rtatlcn. r, r
C. C. FMSLIE. Afhhy ftgtjrn.
Mill Valley Advertisements.
MILL, VALLEY OEAL ESTATE.
$.0000 — Tt ROOUS and hath; furnished; lot~60n
130: p»a.r depot; will trade for Han Fran-
' lsco rirf-perty.
f">00 — 4 room?, bath; lot SlSxlTS; punnj ; fln»
vVw.
H500 — « rftrnn*. r>mh: plastered: furnished; r»7x
130: eunny; fine view; 7 minutes to depot
J«000— 10 rms., bath; corner; I>_xl2O; marine
o \iew; 2 tr.lnuteis to depot; rent for $as mo
$490O-iBB*ine«s property; SOxl.V); Throckmrtr-
ton ave.; monthly rental* |12 W».
fr;75O— S cms., bath; <»xl30; furnished; small
cottage Jn rear. S rms.; 2 mln. to depot.
$."£>00 — Cottage, 5 rms., htth upstairs; 4 rms..
bath downstairs; very ninny and fine
view; % minutes to depot; on hill.
J?»V» — Cottage, e rms., hath; B0_U0: sunny
>.>W»— f> rms.. bath; 2 outside tummer rooms;
bearing fruit trees and choice garden; cor-
ner; WJxl_0; for rental at *:JO per mcnth.
$2500 — H rms., bath; 140x25S; 15 min. to depot.
*2<!C0— 2 fine corrjerB; each IOOxIOu.
$iJ00— 3 rms.; 50-1G0; bearing fruit trees; gar-
den; eur.ny.
jj»Oo — ftOxHO; 1 block to business cwiter.
J1200 — 2 acres in town limit.
$»0o — 3 mcrm netir <^a«oade; view of valley
and Tama'palr.
Other properties improved and unlmpro\-fd.
f.. N. nOIJEKTS. Ileal Estate & Insurance.
' Mill Valley. Cal.
(JAKUiND ADVERTISEMENTS
OF.TICE, 1118 BEOADWAY.
OAKLAM) HEAL ESTATE.
~~~- "^LOOK AT~THf&l
IF you want to buy a cheap horn* on easy
tetms It will pay you to see P. C. LASSEN
& CO.. 468 Tenth st.. Oakland.
ALEX. MUnDOCK. Chronicle bldg.. San Fran-
rtgeo. for Oakland. Berkeley or rut- 1 home-.
OAKLA.M) HOOMS AMI DOAItO.
TO RENT— Rooms and private board. 602
Fourteenth St.. Oakland.
O AKLAKD Fl'RXITCnE LJfPJ^f-£ L S?\
1O-MORROW the day for bargains la furcl-
ture. H. Schellhaas. 11th st. cor. store-Oaklnd
DIVIDEXD AOTICES.
UIVIDE_(<P Notice — The G\*a<L~foyi6*T Com-
:¦¦¦' y. Con. — A dividend. No. 66. cf fifty cents
'¦¦'»:> per chare on the Issued capital stock of
the company naa been declared, payable at
rrfice of the company, rooms _02. 204 and 20ti,
Heyward building. Pan Francisco. August 10,
11*03. Traaefer books close August 3, 1903,
at noon. C. C- QL'INN, £Ccretary.
mas, and father of Stuart, George E. and
Harold Middlemas, a' native of Nova' Scotia,
aged 70 years. : . • _ ;. : '-
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral service*
Sunday. August ». at 1 :30 o'clock, at his
late residence, 2112 Santa Clara avenue, Ala-
meda. Interment private. ¦ ,
MORRISON — In this city, August 6. 1903,
Samuel L. Morrison, beloved son of the late
Mr- and • Mrs. .*. Joseph .H. Morrison, and
' brother of Mrs,. J. J. Byron, Mrs. C. Bauer,
Mrs. J. Johnson, Joseph R.~ Morrison and the
late Mrs. Fannie • Borrowman, a native of
San Francisco. : . '
B_f Friends and' acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his sister. Mrs. J. J. Byron, 1OT5 Noe street,
near Twenty-fourth. Interment Cypresa
Lawn Cemetery. '
NICHOLLS— In this city, August 7, 1903.
Francis Chnmberlln, beloved husband of
Rosanna E. Nicholls, and father of Rose
Amy. Caroline Charlotte., Annie. ' Ethel May
and Stanley Nicholls, a native or London.
England, aged 45 years and 20 days. A
member of Court Eclipse No. 14, F. of A.
(nTFrlenda anil acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at his late
residence, 820 Chestnut street, between Tay-
lor and Jones. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery. " •' :
O'CONNOR— In this city. August 7, 1003. Mary
O'Connor, beloved mother of John, Tessle.
Lawrence and Maggie O'Connor, and sister
of Lawrence Lahiff, a native of County
Clare, Ireland, aged C4 years.
RYAN— In Chicago, August 4. 1903. William
Ryan, beloved son of Thomas J. Kyan. and
brother of Mrs. Lillian D. Lewis. Mrs. Nel-
lie Splain. Charley Ryan and the late
Thomas and George Ryan, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 21 years.
SAMPSON— In this city, August 6. 190.1, Ger-
trude E.. beloved daughter of William R.
and the late Minnie A. Sampson, a native
of Springfield. III., aged 17 years & months
and 29 days. •
n_?"Frlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Sunday), at 'I
o'clock, from the family residence. '?i.\ Brod-
trlck street. Interment private.
TRITTENBACH— In thin city. August 6. 1903,
Jacob Trlttenbach, beloved father of Gustav,
Albert and-Emil Trittenbach. a native of
Switzerland, aged K.'{ years 10 months and
11 days. (St. Louis. Mo., papers please copy.)
(CFriends and acquaintances and mem-
bers of the Swiss Benevolent Society are re-
spectfully invited to attend the funeral ser-
vices to-day (Saturday), at _:.'{<) o'clock, at
the chapel of the Odd Fellows' Crematory.
Hlease omit flowers. Remains at the parlors
of Theodor Dierks. »57 Mission street, be-
tween Fifth and Sixth.
WHITNEY— In this city, August 7. 1903. Law-
rence .Baker, beloved son of Charles E. and
Bertha M. Whitney, a native of Fresno,
Cal.. aged 23 day*.
YOL'NG— In this city. August 6, 1903. Pauline
Werner, wife of J. H- Young, mother of
William. "Vauline and John Young, and sis-
ter of \V. W. West of Penns Grove, a na-
tive of Pruss4a. aged 4)3 years and 14 days.
ICTFrieniM and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited 'to attend the funeral services
to-day. August 8. at 1 o'clock, at her late
residence, 1&45 Sixty-second street. Oakland.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.In the Senate Bank Stock paper is used. My.
¦ell-Rollins, 22 Clay, agents. All dealers sell it.'
Becker . Estate in Court.
Wilhelmlne Becker, widow . of Dledrlch
Becker, the pioneer merchant who died
several days ago, applied, to the Superior
Court yesterday for letters of adminis
tration upon his estate, which she says
exceeds $10,000 in value. Becker. died in
testate. . ,
The San - Francisco Drug Clerks' Asso
ciation will hold its _ third, annual. picnic
and outing -at El Campo to-morrow. The
committeo In charge of the affair has left
nothing undone and It promises to be the
most successful ever;held. . Special boats
will leave at short Intervals.
Drug Clerks' Annual Outing.
Found His Mother Dead.
Mrs. Mary Johnson of 234 Francis
street died suddenly yesterday at her
residence. Her son, Eugene GUI, found
her dead body lying on the floor when
he came home for his lunch at the noon
hour." Heart disease was evidently tho
cause of death.
B.F.Stoll, dentist; Halgtu '& Masonlo av.*
The will of the late Rev. Dr. Robert C.
Foute was filed for probate yesterday and
a petition for letters, of administration
upon his estate was filed by his widow,
Mary S. de K. Foute. The will devises
the entire estate, which Is said to be
worth less than $2000,' to the widow.
Dr. Foute's Will Filed.
Is almost constantly Irritated by . wind
and mineral laden dust. Inflammation,
redness, itching and burning, followed
by granulated ; eyelids, are the results.
M URINE EYE REMEDY gives quick
relief. Doesn't smart; soothes eye pain.
Makes weak eyes strong.' Your druggist
or optician sell Murine at 60c. •
The San Francisco Eye
George Whlttell. a capitalist residing at
1155 Van" Ness avenue, while trying out
his new automobile for the race'to Mon
terey, was arrested yesterday by Mounted
Policeman J. B. Berrie on Van Ness ave
nue for scorching. At the time o£ the
arrest Whlttell was running his machine
at a high rate of speed. He was imme
diately released on a $10 deposit as ball
money for his appearance to-day in the
Police Court.
Accused of Scorching.
'¦¦ George Marye. Jr., -.brother -of W. A.
Mary e, who died at Washington, D. C,
May 20 last, applied 'to the Superior Court
yesterday for letters of administration
upon such of the estate of his brother as
is located in this State. He says the Cali
fornia property left by the deceased con
sists of realty worth $150,000. personal
property worth $10,000 and an interest in
the estate of Marie Marye, his mother,
worth \$25,000. .The rest of his estate is lo
cated at Washington. Marye's will, In
which his estate is devised to his widow,
was also filed. * -.
Owned Calif ornia Realty.
The creditors of the. Eppingers, or at
least four of them, grained a slight lead In
the Superior Court yesterday when Judge
Murasky overruled the demurrer- of the
Epplngers to the creditors' petition to
have the grain firm declared v Insolvent
under the State law. The petition was
demurred to on statutory grounds.- " The
petitioners were Isaack Kohn. the Bank
of Yolo,-the American National Bank and
the Nevada National Bank, They : filed
their petition after the Federal courts
had sustained the contention of Henry
Ach that the Federal 'court had no Juris
diction.
Judge Muraskyv Overrules Demurrer
by . Which A Attorney • for.- Firm
Seeks to Defeat a Petition. ~ .. .-
EPPINGER CREDITORS:
WIN A POINT IN COURT
"A good golf links ' is worth a dozen
hospitals," a noted .London doctor de
clared recently. No one who knows ques
tions* the assertion. And that's one rea
son the Hotel Vendome at San Jose, with
Its Linda Vista links close at- hand, ha»
become the most popular resort in Cali
fornia'for all classes of people, sick or
well. - •
Golf for Health.
Consul Byrne reports that the rafsln
crop of Valencia and Denla, if the grapes
escape damage during high temperatures,
will be 5000 tons larger* than usual.
The State Horticultural Commissioner
has received advices from United States
Consuls Albion "W. Tourgee, L. Byrne and
Frank Dyer Chester, stationed, respect
ively, at Bordeaux. Valencia and Buda
pest, relative to the condition of Euro
pean' crops of especial interest to the
fruitgrowers of California.
Tourgee -says that there win be only
about one-fourth of a crop of prunes in
the Bordeaux district. The 'walnut crop
in the district is fairly good, but In the
neighboring department of Charente the
crop of walnuts, is almost an entire fail
ure. The vlnfage in the south of France
promises to be small in quantity and poor
in quality. Mildew and diseases of the
vine prevail almost everywhere in the
section. — ¦
Consuls Communicate to State Hor
ticultural Commissioner Facts
About European Products.
RECEIVES CROP REPORTS
OF INTEREST TO STATE
Mitchell came across Miller early Thurs
day morning* and placed, him under ar
rest. When Mitchell searched him he
found five picklocks in his pockets. Mil
ler has given, the police considerable trou
ble for the last two or three years. He
tnd Yarrow were • arrested In November,
last in Policeman Byrne's : room in the
Russ House. They were held to answer,
but before the case 'came to trial Byrne
died and they were acquitted.
Miller on the night of May 19 during a
free fight at Twenty-fourth and Vicks
burg streets is accused of having stabbed
Henry Schiehing, a blacksmith, so seri
ously that Schiehing was confined for
nearly two. months in a private hospital.
Miller fled to Sacramento, but returned a
few days ago. Detective Graham learned
of his return and Instructed Policeman
Mitchell to look out for him, as he had
been seen on his beat on Fourth street.
Elmer Miller, a companion of Eddie
Yarrow, the well-known young burglar,
was booked at the City Prison yesterday
by Detective Graham and Policeman
Mitchell on charges of assault to murder
and having burglar's tools in his posses
sion.
Elmer Miller Locked Up on a Charge
of Assault to Commit
Murder.
POLICE ARREST YOUNG
MAN ON HIS RETURN
"They laughed at me," said Welch,
"and when I again asked them if they In
tended to move on they walked across the
street and stood laughing at me. I went
across to them, and knowing that they
would return as soon as I went away I
asked If they intended to move on, if not
I would arrest them. Cornelius said in a
sneering way, *Oh. no, you won't.' and I
at once placed him and Kean under ar
rest."
Cornelius said that when the officer
asked them to move on he and Kean
walked to the'edge of the sidewalk. When
he again requested them to move on they
walked across the street, and were sur
prised when he followed them and placed
them under arrest.
Richard Cornelius, president of the Car
men's Union, and J. Kean, business agent
of the City Front Federation, were arrest
ed on Clay street, near Kearny, yesterday
afternoon by Policeman J. F. Welch on a
charge of refusing to move on, and were
released on $5 cash bail each.
The officer says that Cornelius and
Kean were standing in front of the em
ployment office of Murray & Ready, 634
Clay street, talking with three other men.
They were blocking the sidewalk and he
asked them to move on. The three men
did so, but Cornelius and Kean did not
move. Welch again asked them to move
on, and they stepped to the edge of the
sidewalk.
Richard Cornelius and J. Kean Are
Charged "With Refusing
to Move On.
PBOMINENT UNION MEN
PLACED UNDER ARREST
Ligda lives , at 675 Thirty-third street,
Oakland, and is studying at the univer
sity to become a civil, engineer. He is
about 35 years of age and ¦ is a member
of the choir of the Russian church in this
city.
Mrs. Pauline I* Hulse. residing at 2050
Leavenworth street, yesterday brought
suit against Paul Ligda. a student of the
State University, for $50,000 for alleged
breach of promise. The woman charges
that about two years ago. Ligda persuad
ed her to allow her' hsuband,' Charles
Hulse. to set a divorce; from' her, promis
ing to marry her. Later she made a trip
to Russia. Upon her departure on the
long trip she says she received assur
ances of Ligda's affection and that while
abroad he wrote her. several letters ap
pealing to her- to return and become his
wife. Finally succumbing to his entreat
ies she returned last July and was met
by her apparently ardent lover, who told
her that his father had died and left him
a large fortune. Several times it Is al
leged that Ligda set a date for. the mar
riage, but repeatedly disappointed her,
until she began to realize that his pro
fessed affection was not sincere. Ligda
then disappeared, and feeling that she
has good cause for an action she hied
herself to a lawyer's office, where her
complaint was put in legal form, and filed
yesterday. .
SAYS PAUL LIDGA IS
A FICBXE LOVBMAKER
Mrs. Pauline Hulse Is Seeking Dam
ages for an Alleged Breach
of Promise.
the title "My Red Carnation" is . to be
rendered by Miss Anna Wllks. assisted by
the Esmeralda sisters and the , chorus.
Louise Moore will be heard in the songs
"Mary.- Mary, Quite Contrary"- and
"Rainbows Follow After Rain," while
Harold Crane will introduce the coster
song "Polly Ain't an Angel." Robert
Warwick will have a popular vocal num
ber entitled "I'm Getting Quite Ameri
can, Don't Yer Know." ,
PRETTY GIRLS WHO WILL,
ADD TO CHARM OF "IN HAR
VARD."
There will be no further hearing of dis>»
tribution proceedings- In the estate of
Caroline E. ¦ Cogswell until August . 1?,
when the petition of Executor W. G.
Henshaw for approval of his final ac
coilht.and for distribution will be heard.
Yesterday, Attorney John S. Partridge
withdrew the petition . for partial distri
bution filed by him - on behalf of Mrs.
Cogswell's heirs arid. which led to; the
making of serious charges against Hen
shaw. "•;; .;•¦ '.'" - ..¦ ,-'." ¦ ' i ¦ ¦•
Partridge Withdraws Petition.
Frink Estate Appraised.
The appraisers' report on the estate of
G. W. Frink, the pioneer real . estate
dealer, was filed yesterday. It shows that
the deceased was worth $179,735 27. The
estate consists of $T0,l«3 51 cash, life In
surance policies for $14,833 35, other per
sonal property worth $3090 41. and realty
in this city, Los Angeles. Alameda and
San Diego worth $89,644 27.
Japanese Merchant Held Up.
Yasohei Yokota. a Japanese merchant,
proprietor of a fancy goods store on Post
street, opposite Union Square, was held
up yesterday by United States Immigrant
Commissioner North as he was about to
come ashore from the ' Coptic on his. re
turn'from a visit to Japan. . Mr. North
received information that Yokota was en
gaged -in an Immoral traffic and the mat
ter was referred to the special board of
examiners for. Investigation. . .
special revenue agent, denied that he had
ever accompanied Dillard to the races.
He confessed that many times Dillard
was not in his office and that the file
room was not closed to very many peo
ple. The following cross-examination by
Shortrldge brought the witness very near
the edge of ill temper and developed the
fact that the rumor of scandal in the
office of Collector Lynch had appeared
before Dillard's alleged crime:
"Did you ever tell Mr. Dillard that to hasten
the making out of certificates he would get $5?"
"Two years ago a- newspaper reporter told
me that complaint" had come in that Dillard
was charging $5 for making out certificates.
I told Dillard that if there was a scandal he
would leave the office."
"Did not MUs Monnet receive a dollar once
for ctrlklng out a clause in an affidavit?"
"She did not." _ .„« " ,.
"Did not Dr. Gardner once offer $25 to Mr.
Dillard for the purpose of hastening th« mak
ing out of some papers?"
"Not to my knowledge."
A. L. Farlsh, Chief Deputy United
States Marshal, testified to the efforts
leading -to Dillard's arrest.
The case will be resumed on Monday.
Cheridah Simpson will warble a sere
nade of Japanese color and sentiment,
and, besides. Miss* Simpson promises to
give imitations at the piano of well-,
known musicians. A song and. dance with
King Company, but Gardner Is supposed
to have known the true value of the
property, and his losses were nominal.
Madame Gardner refused to discuss
anything, in reference to the mine yester
day, but in the same breath remarked
that she had come out here for a certain
purpose, which she would announce later.
Her husband is still in London, and be
sides being credited with being one of the
richest mining men there is very popular
In club circles.
day night, with the comedians
Raymond and Caverly and the rest of the
clever company who have been holding
the boards of the Grand Opera-house for
months to the delight of big audiences.
"In Harvard" was one of the attrac-*
tlons at the Knickerbocker Theater, New
York, all last season, and its three acts
are said to be bright and musically suc
cessful. The acts are divided into scenes
representing the gardens at Claremont,
N. Y., the campus at Harvard University
on class day and the entertainment hall
of the Eden Musee, New York.
Costumes nave played a prominent part
in all the Rogers Brothers' productions in
this city, and the dressing of the novelty
"In Harvard" Is promised to excel even
anything that has preceded the latest of
fering. The cast, too, is to be augment
ed by the addition of Julie Cotte, the
soprano: Winfred St. L. Gordon; William
L. Gleason, the well-known character
actor, and Robert Warwick.
Novel specialties are promised, and
Stanford and the University of California
will be among the universities which will
be represented on the campus by a bevy
of prettily gowned girls.
Raymond and Caverly will appear on
the campus, the former as a student of
the University of California and the.lat
ter as an undergraduate of Stanford. The"
two comedians are to be heard in new
parodies of. the "Reuben and the Maid"
series.
ROGERS BROTHERS' latest suc
cess in musical comedy, entitled
"In Harvard." will be presented
at the Grand Opera-house on Sun-
The game has been well protected through
out this section and deer are easily found. In
Marin County the open season for deer is from
July 15' to September 15: in Sonoma County,
until September 1. and in Mendocino and Lake
counties until October 1. The dove season is
open from July. 15 to February 15.
Many catches of flsh axe being dally made,
and the hunter with the deer on his shoulders
comes in every evening tired and hungry, but
proud.
This whole country is a Mecca for the sports
man. If;he has not selected a location where
he can board during his hunt the same will
be readily found in "Vacation 1003," issued by
the California Northwestern Railway. •
During this time the fish are more readily
caught and they are plentiful. Trout in the
streams and trout and bass in the rivers and
lakes.
It Is a time when the crops one after an
other are ripening, from the fruits to grapes
and hops. Nature is maturing and the cli
matic conditions are in unison.
August. September, October and November
are really the enjoyable months to spend . in
the country, and in no place is this more so
than along the California Northwestern Rail
way.
Gardner's name Is fresh in the public
press owing to the recent disclosures in
reference to the Copper King Company,
of which he was a prominent stockholder.
W. H. Daly, who a few months ago sud
denly disappeared from his haunts around
the Palace and who was manager of the
Copper King Company mine, was a friend
of Gardner and was sent out by the latter
to superintend the mine. Sir Christopher
Furness. an EnpMsh stockholder, sent oujt
experts to examine the-mine, and as a re
pult of their report Daly was to have been
railed upon to resign. He took time by
the forelock and disappeared. Sir Chris
topher Furness and many other English
men are said to have lost thousands of
dollars In their investment in the Copper
On being asked if she was out here to
pecure a divorce from her husband she
would neither deny nor affirm the fact,
simply stating that she and her husband
had been separated for some time.
Frank Gardner, her husband, has been
a resident of London for many years, and
his racing colors are a familiar sight both
on the English and French racetracks.
His trainer, Eugene Leigh, in France is
credited with having made Gardner's
horse flash past the judges" stand first in
many of the classic events.
Carri*- Swain was married to Frank
Gardner, who acted as her manager. In
Australia their success was even greater
than in this country. Dame Fortune
Fmiled' on them, and every dollar that
Gardner invested repaid him a ihousand
fold. They purchased a mine in Austra
lia that developed Into one of the richest
mines in the colonies, and when they ar
rived In London they were credited with
being worth between $10,000,000 and $12,000.
©00. But with their wealth came domes
tic unhappiness. Gardner and his wife
Feparated. but before doing so the hus
band transferred several million dollars
*o his wife. She hes since then lived most
of the time in Paris.
• She has returned to San Francisco
somewhat stouter than when s"he left, but
time has dealt with her kindly and she
etill is a handsome woman. She is
-.t present staying with her brother, W. J.
Wisler. at his residence at 833 Oak street.
She showed a. shade of annoyance when
i=he was interviewed, and said that she
was ar.xious for private reasons that the
lact of her arrival in this city should not
be announced for ten or twelve days. '
RETICENT ABOUT HUSBAND.
After fifteen years' absence from San
Francisco Carrie Swain, who was for
years the local idol of the stage door
"Johnnies' when she played the title role
in "Cad the Tomboy," has returned to
her native heath. She Is new known as
Madame Gardner, Is worth millions and
brought with her direct from Paris thirty
two trunks Jilled with the latest smart
things in feminine apparel. Her jewel
bcx contains gems of great value, includ
ing a pigeon-blood ruby which alone is
worth a Kings ransom.
Everybody who attended the theaters
lift pen years ago will remember Carrie
Swain. She first made her appearance in
-Vaudeville, and besides having a superb
stage appearance she possessed a beauti
ful voice. From vaudeville she starred in
"Cad the Tomboy" at the Alcazar, crowd
ed the doors at the old Bush-street Thea
ter and before commencing her triumphs
hi Australia turned hundreds away night
ly at the Grand Opera-house.
MADE MONEY HAPIDLY.
THOMAS GETS UNEASY.
On cross-examination Burt Thomas,
This encomium, rendered in a strong
North German accent, was part of the
expert testimony/of Carl Eisenschimmel
given upon the alleged forgeries of Wil
liam, H. Dillard in the United States Dis
trict Court yesterday afternoon. Not half
so exhilarating is John Lynch's capital
C as the "dissertation on chlrography with
which Expert Eisenschimmel regaled
Judge and jury before the bar of justice.
The handwriting expert, called to the
stand by Attorney Woodworth, took the
chair with a mien of carefully repressed
erudition. Scarcely had the attorney for
the prosecution ventured a question when
the Drofessor uncorked the vials of his
knowledge, and attorneys, witnesses and
even his Honor on the dais had to seek
high places above the flood.
"Are those signatures on the fourteen
Chinese certificates I hand you and upon
the alleged spurious letter genuine or
fraudulent?" inquired Attorney Wood
worth In a tense whisper. The expert
waved at some charts.
LETTEBS HAVE PENDULUMS.
"Why those- are clumsy and amateurish
forgeries. Upon three points, first — — "
' "Are those charts there enlargements
of photographs or photographs of en
largements or enlarged photographs of
photographs?" broke in Attorney Short
ridge for the defense.
"On three points, first the signatures
of Mr, Lynch as supposed to be penned
by Mr. Dillartl have entirely different
muscular co-ordination."
Professor Eisenschimmel held up a pro
testing finger when Woodworth attempt
ed to stop him. . •
"Now on the upward strokes of the l's
and the capital J there is a' pendulum."
Mr. Shortrldge broke in with a suave
smile.
"I would like to ask the District At
torney if the witness said a 'pendulum'
or an 'apnendix?' "
His Honor breasted the rising storm.
He said:
"Mr. Shortridge, if I, may observe, you
have by this time interposed enough ob
jections to counsel's questions and wit
ness' answers to cover any possible tech
nicality."
"But what I desire to know, if it please
your Honor," responded the ever ready
oounsel for defense, "Is this regular testi
mony?"
"It is."
"Then may I retire?" pleaded Short
ridge.
Disorder resigned for a few moments,
but the upshot of it all was that the
professor pronounced, both as an expert
and as a private citize'n. that the signa
tures submitted to him by Attorney
Woodworth . were manifest forgeries.
Shortrldge will cross-examine him, on
Monday. ...
"Collector Lynch's capital C is brim
ming over with life and animal spirits
vigorous, exhilarating." >¦
James E. Truax, a barber at 7 Stock
ton street, is being sued for divorce by
Louisa Truax. She says he deserted her.
Elizabeth Richards', who is suing for di
vorce Alexander . O. Richards, re
cently comDromised his contest of the
¦will of his aunt, Caroline E. Cogswell, for
$10,000, petitioned the Superior Court yes
terday to set aside her default to Rich
ards' cross-complaint. In an affidavit
made by R. C. Porter,, her attorney, and
filed with the petition, the statement is
made that Charles H. Bane, ; Richards'
attorney, failed to keep his promise to
allow Mrs. Richards further time in
which to answer, and entered her default.
Porter claims that Bane made the prom
ise upon his oath as a member of a secret
order, and that therefore the entering of
the, default was a breach of faith.
Judge Troutt yesterday granted Laura
A. Juchemich a divorce from John H.
Juchemich for cruelty.
Corienne A. .Bartlett, who was married
to Ward S. . Bartlett at Honolulu, Decem
ber 17, 1893, sued him for divorce yester
day. She sues on three grounds, namely—
cruelty, intemperance and failure to pro
vide. For more than the year last past,
she says, he has by reason of his intem
perance, failed to provide for her and that
during that time he has added to her
misery by cursing and abusing her and
accusing her of being an unfaithful wife.
Expert Eisenschimmel Di
lates on the Gentle Art'of
Ohirography.
Fositively Refuses to Discuss
Estrangement With
Her Husband.
Asks Court to Set Aside the
Default of Mrs. E.
Richards.
John Xynch's Capital C
a Paragon of Manly
Vigor.,
R C. Porter Accuses O.
H. Bane of Breach
of i? aitn.
I Carrie Swain of "Cad
the Tomboy" Fame
Back From Paris.
RETURNS HOME
WITH MILLIONS
SAYS ATTORNEY
BROKE PROMISE
HAL SPIRITS
IN HANDWRITING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 8, 1903.
Successful Eccentricity "In Harvard" to Be Presented at
Grand .Opera- House Sunday Evening With Raymond
and Caverly in Characters Created by Rogers Brothers
MUSICAL FARCE GIVES
PROMISE OF MUCH FUN
14
Hale's. J^ H^. e >...
Growing Tiirte dt Hale's.
Wash Skirts to Sell at 95c.
—With a style and finish you would not expect to find for so lit-
tle money.
They're duck or covert. ; ' -'_
The duck ones are black and white and blue and white,
trimmed witlv three broad folds around the bottom to form
flounce, and piped in white.
The covert ones are seven-gored, one gore stitched so as to
form a pleat running full length of skirt. The flare at the bottom
gives a kilt effect. (A striking skirt for 95c:) In blue only.
468 Lace Collars Stockings To-Day
Go To-Day at Half , Women's I2^c ones at ioc.
And Less Than Half Price. [ Women's 20c ones at 15c
They're just out of their original" Misses' 25c ones at 2OC.
boxes — fresh, new and clean. Not Bovs' at I
one that is hurt or imperfect or in- -* » **
ferior in any way.- They are the It's to show you what we can do
very collars you would expect to — to show you what a power there
find at full prices and in styles most is behind the Hale organization — to
wanted at the present time — circu- make a test of our strength and
lar and revere effects in Point draw more into closer rela-
Venice lace; some with embroid- tionship with the Hale institution,
ered net, others appliqued with We know our stockings. We
beads; some in pompadour effects; aren't afraid to have you give them
all in the popular shades, cream, a trial, and we'll make it to your
ecru and white. advantage to do it.
Take your choice of them at 10c Women's Stocklncs. without seams. In
these prices, beginning this morn- a d ck toe r£e 'SSS i^Tv/rT-'ui. uJT" *"*
ln £- I3c Women's Stocking* are ln Egyptian cot-
7S C— Worth $I.OO tO $1.25 Sm^lCT^WSffi^K^n?^!
&c-Worth $1.50 to $2.00 ss s i?- stocklng3 M ln Ll8Te thread:
Ct zn IVnrth Qi ~r\ in Ci nn fln « ribbed, with soft finish: In deep, glossy
v 1 -^ 0 worm 0 o to bIack . no seam9 to foot . The „>!„.
It's one of the best August treats { 1 o ee 9 3 u and toea are d0UbIed - every mlse - 5 *
we have had SO far this month. I5c Boys" Stockings are of the best Maco
yarn, rcedlutn or heavy weight, with full
Fabric Gloves 25c, 50c asygeiRgtg.r/^ SSTWfi 1
Another August surprise. Candy :. Half Price
— That Hale s have so many , c ]b r_ C^.. •
fabric gloves. . We are fortunate enough to have
That they're so low and good a L b ? rrel of P lain mlx « J can <J y in a
j v>v anu guuu choice asS ortment. The kmd we
and Cheap. usually sold at ioc lb. It will go.
Then the 25c ones are perfect flttins. beginning this morning, at half-
They're ln lace lisle with lace palms, orice lb
black^nfyf' Wlth V lasps: % to 8: We hope there is plenty for all.
Another style in plain lisle, black ¦ Japanese Cocoanut Chewing XTar-
only, 2 clasps; 6's to 8's. amels will be 25c lb. to-day.
Then there Is the 2-clasp net gloves at _,, . /S =» * jtu.,
25c. with lace designs on the hand CS^/Jf/^iff/ j3S/ ~V
and net finuers and palms; stylish. r fgr/ *S^> /&/ j&Z^9 ******
good fitting: tans, grays, modes and /jjty /&/ <££*&& &%& fflt£&
50c ones are in plain Milanese lisle, -^g gf^ffrtji nnnm"^^
black only, 2 clasps; sizes 5'/fc to 7%. ¦y_P«wi*g^ f
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Redness, Roughness
and Irritations
Prevented by Baths
with
And light applications of Cuticura
Ointment, purest and sweetest of
emollients and greatest of skin
cures. For inflammation, and dog-
ging of the pores, the cause' of
pimples, blackheads and oily skin,
for summer irritations of the skin, j
such as rashes, eczemas, heat, per-
spiration, bites and stings of insects,
sunburn, tan and freckles, soreness
and lameness, no other application
is so soothing, cooling and healing
as a bath with Cuticura Soap, fol-
lowed by gentle anointings with
Cuticura Ointment, purest and
sweetest of emollients and great-
est of skin cures.
ft*14 tkroachnat th* world . Cstuvr* Son. 2Se~ Oist-
«M*t.£0e* Knr.iT.Bt. 50c (la form cf Chooolst* Cr»t»d
P»-». 2*0. pw rial of VI). Depot* i lxindon. V Ckart«f»
?>««» *«..> >*¦*•¦ • Ku i» U P.i*i BotUmflB Coln»-
••* A »*. radar Drer * Ckca. C»r p.. Sola F roprintn.
m ¦M«fet"C«ttw61daB— k."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
iiflOI/P D SI fSP For Honest
nnfS OK E*gf SS Er% PC I B
IflnfilVO UltU 0o Values Always.
& 1 [Zft is our popular price for the very newest style in
ifl I .O U CORSETS. Made with double hose supporters
attached, erect form and extended hip. Made for all figures,
even the most exacting. A corset that wears well, fits well and
looks well. An excellent make.
UNEXCELLED OFFERINGS IN OUR HOSIERY DEPARTMENT
FOR TO-DAY.
/*r Ladies' Black, All-over Lace -g/«l Children's Black Hose. Double
Zi)C Hose. A variety of patterns to \r>)C. heel and toe; enduringly good
" v * select from. Reg. price 35c. *^ v , for school wear. Reg. price 18c
¦gr Ladies' Hosiery of Fast Black, <q Boys' Bicycle Ribbed Hose.
ItT gauze cotton, high-spliced heels, YKC Double heel, toe and knee. All
* t ' v Reg. price 25c. l%J r sizes. Reg. price 25c.
KNIT UNDERWEAR. PETTICOATS COME IN FOR
A 0 Women's Imported Vests. High GENEROUS REDUCTIONS.
UXr grade of Wool and Lisle mixed. mw* Black, Mercerized Sateen Pet-
/uv long sleeves, high neck, all colors; i^C, ticoats. 2 deep ruffles, extra
Reg. price $1.50. ttfV ';wide. Reg, price $1.00.
WOO PIECES OF VEILING ATY 2 MANUFACTURER'S COST.
A MANUFACTURER'S CLEAN-UP. V
All this Season's GOODS, and in every detail FIRST CLASS. The DESIGNS
are RICH and VERY ELEGANT.
/»r Is the prj'ce placed upon the II /*r\ Sale price to-day for chiffon
¦ L*\C °ooye named DESIGNS in GRAY, jM(\ DRAPE VEILS. ' Best Lyons
" vy BLACK, BLUE \nd BROWN. V7y MAKE. V/ 2 yards LONG. All
per yd Worth regularly 50c per yd. | COLORS. Reg. price 65c.
MARKS BROS.' DEARJIBBONS AT K CHEAP PRICES.
81 5000 yards of Fancy Wash -gr Liberty Silk Ribbon. 7 inches
iQ Ribbon on Special Sale at 8 lie lJ)C WIDE. All seasonable shades.
pe r yd> per YARD. Reg price 15c. pwyd An extra fine quality.
¦j /*1 Is the price placed upon all of A For our Dainty Illusion PUFFS.
I2zc %; c fi,,r;/&r"'u' 20c » w .-~* .» ¦•
per yd TINTS. • Each woman's toilette. All colors.
EXTREME PRICE REDUCTIONS.
LAWN KIM0NAS. WOMEN'S WAISTS. .
La Spe^S f °CoHe°i\ , I
pit aH^S? no o-isWBMM
LACE COLLARS:
Ofin SAt -E PRICE for 35c */ O/T SALE PRICE for $1.75
4UC LACE COLLARS. ?''*? LAC£ COLLARS.
OK- SALE PRICE for 50c : Wifcn SALE PRICE for $2.25
ouc LACE COLLARS. V'-OU LACE COLLARS.
fiZ n SALE PRICE for 95c* ( SALE PRICE for $2.75
OOC LACE COLLARS. Vl'ifO LACE COLLARS.
QO n SALE PRICE for $1.25 Qt) AC SALE PRICE for $3.50
V° c LACE COLLARS. $*•?¦? LACE. COLLARS.
An EXCLUSIVE RANGE of PATTERNS' to SELECT FROM. Come in CAPE or
STOLE EFFECT; in Point VENISE.' ESCURIAL and Arabian designs. . ,
¦ Jra'ding Stamps given with every purchase.'
Send for our Illustrated Catalogue.
MARKS BROS^
1220-22-24 MARKET ST. Between Taylor and Jones.,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CORNS
BUNIONS
— heritages of ill-fitting shoes —
the remedy is simple— wear
shoes that fit the feet— we
have them — in all styles— -in all
shapes— at all prices. The"Kas-
tella"at $3.50 is a comfort con-
veying §HQF for, women.
§*^l/*ATT?r*i*^ GEARY
* bOOI ERIE Ls£-
Lundstrom
Hats
Have the three Hat Graces-
Fit, Honesty- and Character.
Fit, perfect; Honesty, we
guarantee; Character, correct. .
Price, $2.50 and J3.50.
Union made. too.
Pacific Coast
Hat Works,
"The Bis Busy Hat Shop."
1458 Market Street,
Opposite Central Theater.
And 605 Kearny St.
FLOUR
SPECIAL-Satnrday and Monday.
50 lbs best Stockton Flour S1.ir»
Butter, best, per square 4O<*
Butter, good, per square <l."»<?
Cream, evaporated. 3 cans...... ,,2,"c
Tea. English Breakfast, per Ib il."»<*
Eggs, fresh ranch, per doz Hoc
R. McCoy & Son
UP-TO-DATE GROCERS.
156 Ninth Street. •
Phone Folsom 256. .
-_ _ .
German Eye Water, a harmlesj '
> 4Ee552? remedy. 5oc; by mall. 62c. CAiJ-
JF&Jg TIO.N — The genuine bears signa-
"^-^ffr'T™** lure at Geo. Mayerle. also trade-
mark—eye with a crown. CEO.
MAYERLE. German Expert Optician. 1071
Market. San Francisco. Cal. Phone South 87X