Continued onlPage 4,. Column 1. „
P OLSOM, July 29.— At 9
./^V o'clock to-night a telephone
message was received at the prison
from Deputy Sheriff Bosquit at
Placerville, saying that he had re
ceived word from his father,
Sheriff Bosquit, that eight of the
convicts had been located at Black
Hawk Canyon, and that three of
the convicts, including Seavis, the
colored man, were at Pilot Hill.
The message also stated that
scouts had been thrown out from
the posse.
-¦ • Shortly after the above message
arrived a telephone message was
received here from Harry Wilkiri-
ySOLSOM, July. 29. — The
jH startling news was received
#< * here to-night that a consid
erable number of ex-convicts have
gathered in the region where the
murderous fugitives from the
penitentiary are supposed to be
hiding, and are supplying .the
runaway jailbirds with food and
ammunition.^- '¦;
It is related from an authorita
tive source that some men who
"were at one time imprisoned here
have associated themselves with
independent posses and '¦ are ; se
riously : interfering with the work
of the official pursuers. This news
has caused consternation : among
the law officers, and efforts -are
Posses Hurry
to the Scene
for a Combat
Special Dispatch to The Call.
secretly being made to apprehend
the alleged friends of the murder
ous band.
It is not doubted here that the
convicts have received some aid
already, because, with scant pro
visions and very little ammunition
at the time of their rapid depart
ure from Pilot Hill, they have
succeeded in , keeping well under
cover. Had they been dependent
solely upon the food they pos
sessed at' that time they" would
surely have raided a farmhouse or
sought by some means to replenish
their inadequate store.
' The officials here are convinced
that; friends of the desperate men
are "hear, at: hand,, and no effort
Former Criminals vJlre Suspected of Jlid*
ing the Runaway Band. \
crossroad, and this makes rapid
progress by the convicts impos
sible, as the advance through the
brush is wearisome and slow. One
of the convicts is known to be sick
and was an additional drag up to
the time the party was lost
sight of.
The search is conducted by day
light almost entirely. Thus far it
has been unproductive of results,
but there seems no other way to
conduct the campaign. A small
guard is stationed in every village.
The different detacHments in pur
suit of the jailbreakers communi
cate with each other thrice daily,
that the chase may progress
smoothly.
Sheriff Keena left for Chinese
Camp at 10 o'clock this morning
on a still hunt, with a posse of
twelve men. It was thought that
the convicts, being addicted to the
use of opium and familiar with the
locality, might make for the dig
gings, in order to receive a supply
of the baneful drug. Nothing new
was discovered, however, and
Sheriff Keena will now work
toward the north.
FUGITIVES RECEIVE
HELP FROM FRIENDS
. MAP SHOWING THE. COUNTRY, OVER WHICH THE .FOLSOM CON
¦2 VICTS HAVE .PASSED, AND SCENES AND PERSONS IDENTIFIED
WITH .SENSATIONAL* -HAPPEN INGS WHICH BEGAN AT PRISON.
Hour for a Battle
Now Rapidly
son, the Warden's grandson, say
ing that the. band of convicts were
heading' for Butcher's ranch, and
that the posses were ready to give
them battle if they appeared.
Unconfirmed
Reports of a
Small Battle
£* OLSOM, July 29.— A mes
x sage was received at the
prison this morning stating that
the posses under the direction of
Sheriff Keena of Placer and Sher
iff Bosquit of El Dorado had a
brush with the fugitive convicts,
and a number of shots were ex
changed, but this has not been con
firmed. .
The .story says L the fugitives
were located on Greenwood Creek,
north of .Granite Hill postoffice
and above Greenwood, where they
had* evidently "camped over night.
One posse was;on one side of the
creek and the other . posse on \ the
other side: •'. '':[¦ ' {
• '.The posses were a considerable
(distance ; away wh en; . tl ley/ . dis-
Hill. There is p!entv of game in
the mountains, but the report of a
rifle in this district is a summons
and a warning, hence the convicts
fear to shoot. Their only chance
lies in a successful raid from well-
might remain for months undis
turbed. There are wooded re
gions which the foot of man has
never touched. On every hand
arc almost impregnable thickets
of chemise, manzanita and chap-
The peace officers fully realize
the tremendous handicap under
which they labor, but remain
manfully at their work. The heat
is almost prostrating them. 'Hour
after hour stern-faced men are
appearing at the settlements for
a moment in quest of news and
then return to the search. They
travel in threes or sixes, prepared
to meet a dozen of the desper
adoes in defense of their homes
and their families.
The hunted outlaws are known
to have with them no more than
two days' provisions, which they
stole at Deihl's grocery at Pilot
GREENWOOD, July
29. — Somewhere in
this region of for
ests and almost im
penetrable fastnesses
eight of the eleven
Villainous convicts who escaped
Iron? Folsom prison are secreted,
awaiting another dawn in whose
light they may press nearer to the
inhospitable mountains to the
eastward.
% Nearly two hundred armed
mejt, most of them officers of the
]3,n r , are stamping through the
thickets and breaking trails in the
tortuous depths of canyons, seek
ing, with fingers on triggers, the
murderous crew that overpowered
the authorities at the penitentiary.
CONVICTS SURROUNDED.
The officers congregated at this
point are convinced that the entire
eleven fugitives are surrounded,
and that a cautious tightening of
the cordon will soon reveal their
hiding places. Three of the con :
victs have been seen near-Conl, a.
*hort distance from here, and have
been pursued by troops.
George M. Brown, who lives
on the Spanish Dry Diggings,
twelve miles from Cool, has just
appeared here with information
that three convicts passed by his
house at 2 o'clock this morning.
He hailed them, thinking they
were neighbors. The convicts
swung about, leveled their rifles,
conversed among themselves for
a few moments and then fled to
the brush.
MAN-HUNTERS AFIELD.
Rumors of the visit of the con
victs are flying from iip to lip
throughout the county. The head
of every family haf his rifle near
at hand and women and children
stay indoors. The whole section
from Placerville to Auburn and
from Folsom to Greenwood is
terrorized. The country offers
even,* protection to the outlaws.
The towns are all very small in
this region, consisting generally
of a house or two and a farm.
Narrow, dusty and infrequently
traveled roads connect the little
centers of p'opulation. There are
dry ravines in which the convicts
Special Dispatch to The CalL
stocked farmhouses or country
stores, and that move is 'just the
one for which the manhunters
watch.
GUARDS AT THE ROADS.
The escaped prisoners travel by
night, but it is impossible to main
tain the pursuit in the darkness.
Guards arc stationed at every
The identity of the convict who
was killed in the affray at Pilot
Hill on Monday evening is not
now disputed. It was Convict Al
lison, who was serving a four
years' sentence. He was drawn
into the plot at the last moment,
according to the statements made
by some of the convicts to-day in
the prison. It was stated to War
den Wilkinson that Allison had
never mentioned a word as to be
ing in the plot, but was always
talking of the time when he would
be set at liberty.
Joseph Cochrane, the officer
who was wounded in the fight that
took place on Monday morning in
the office of the captain of the
guard, is a little better to-day, but
'his condition is very serious. The
doctors fear blood-poisoning.
will now ~bz spared to locate and
punish them. The officers at the
scene of the search have been no
tified to watch for persons upon
whom suspicion may rest,
DRAWN INTO PLOT.
away.
The statement made by Convict
Woods to Guard Klenzendorf,
when the latter was a prisoner of
the convicts on theirway to Pilot
Hill, which was published in The
Call to-day, is looked upon as be
ing very close to the truth. The
plot was undoubtedly the work of
the thirteen men who broke from
the prison, and Convict Al Myers,
who failed to get away, was also
one of the band. That a general
prison delivery was planned is
not thought of here as ever having
anv existence.
DENIAL BY CONVICTS.
Warden Wilkinson and Dis
trict Attorney Seymour of Sacra
mento County have questioned a
number of the convicts, but they
all deny that they knew of the ex
istence of the plot to escape. Some
of them said that if they had been
in the. plot they would not be in
the prison to-day, which is a good
proof that the plan was confined
to the men who escaped and per
haps two or three others who got
Special Dispatch to The Call.
y OLSOM, July 29.—
£ At the prison tvery-
M 1 thing is now quiet.
B All the convicts are
locked in their cells
and will be kept
there for an indefinite time. The
staff of guards consists of forty
five men, exclusive of the force of
executive officials, which numbers
twenty-four. Of the regular
guards more than half are now
out with the posses, and their
places are being temporarily filled
by outsiders. It is not deemed
wise to put the convicts to work in
the rock quarries for the present
All the prison officials laugh at
the statements that have been pub
lished in certain quarters that the
plot to escape was a wide one and
embraced many dozens of prison
ers.
Convicts Confined
Behind Bolts
and Bars.
Armed Men Search the For
ests Where Murderers
Had Their Camp.
Guards at Folsom
Now Take No
Chances.
VIGILANT
EYES ARE
ON CELLS
COOL, El Dorado County, July 29. — At a trifle after 6 o'clock this evening about 100 men of different posses went on
tin- hills near here in search of the convicts, tt'/io arc reported to be in this vicinity. J. C. Collins and Walter Jackson
reported to-night that while going through the brush in the district two miles southeast of here they heard three con
z-icts talking, but could not see them on account of the thickness of the undergrowth. Guided by the directions of these
frco men the assembled manhuntcrs divided into three parties and began a systematic search. Parties composed of W.
Jackson and tivo other men and a Call correspondent found the trails over the hills as stated, .but zverc compelled to
zvithdrau- on account of darkness. Harry Gray of Lincoln states that he sazu two men whom he took to be convicts on\ the road
near Greenwood. He also declared that a body of militia is pursuing these convicts along the ridge extending from, Cool toward
Greenwood. Darkness has put a stop 1o further operations here until daylight.
FOLSOM CONVICTS HIDE IN THICKSETS OF EL DORADO COUNTY
AND MANHUNTEHS CAUTIOUSLY CLOSE IN ON THE FUGITIVES
The San Francisco Call.
VOLUME XCIV— NO. 60.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, JUL.Y .30, 1903.
PKioE^syQQg^efigjsrImaginary trouble is often hardw to
bear than the real thit^ t
WASHINGTON, July 29.-Presldent
Roosevelt has pardoned Emelio Villamor.
a prominent Filipino, who in December,
1900, was sentenced to be hanged for mur
der. This sentence was afterward com
muted to ten years' imprisonment.
Villamor was a member of an insurgent
band operating In Luzon. They captured
Marcelo Gadung, a native corporal of po
life, who in addition to being corporal
acted as a spy for the American navy,
and this fact waa generally known. Or.'
one occasion, while within the enemy's
lines, he was captured, tried by court
martial for being a spy, convicted and
shot. Villamor was an officer of the in
surgent army and was on the court-mar
tial, that tried and disposed of Gadung
It was for this that Villamor was tried
and sentenced. -He has served a term cJ
nearly three years. His pardon was rec ¦
ommended by army officers and the Sec
retary of War on the ground that Villa
mor's offense was really political and that
he was entltiled to a pardon under the
amnesty proclamation of July 4, 1902. The
President has approved the recommenda
tion.
All of the shops were shut and there was
more outward signs of mourning than
have been seen In Rome during recent
years. " ~_ .•
CYNTHIANA. Ky.. July 29.— Officers ar
rived to-day from Breathltt County with
Samuel Little, who ta considered a
stronger witness in the Jett and White
trial than either B. J. Ewen or J. L. Pat
rick. It is said that Little witnessed the
shooting in the Courthouse. He was in
hiding when arrested by the soldiers.
John Freeman, another Important State
witness, also was brought In to-day.
Captaln Ewen was the first witness
called by the commonwealth to-day. Ha
left the stand at 3:30 o'clock, after he
had been subjected to a rigorous cross
examination by the attorneys for the de
fense. After his testimony Captain Ewen
was escorted by the militia to Camp Lick-
On the witness stand it developed that
Ewen /had made different statements to
Judge' Hargis and others immediately af
fecting Marcum in Breathltt County. He
save as his reasons that he waa afraid to
say otherwise, as he was afraid of Hargi3
and Callahan. He said that Hargis. Calr
lahan and Combs had called him into con
sultation Immediately after the killing
and told him what to say, and that he
had agreed to do so, as he waa afraid of
being killed then and there. Captain
Ewen gave as his reason for leaving on
Sunday night that he feared no guard
would be provided for him. 'h
ROME, July 29.— Rome this morning was
the scene of one of those dramatic con
trasts which are now so characteristic of
the eternal city. While at the- Vatican,
in the Sistine Chapel, a solemn requiem
mass was being Intoned, with all the sol
emnity the Catholic church can Impose,
for the repose of the soul of Pope Leo
XIII, the spiritual monarch who claimed
Rome as his capital, another and no Ies3
solemn requiem mass was being celebrat
ed in the magnificent Pantheon for the
repose of the soul of the late King Hum
bert, the temporal monarch, the capital
of whose kingdom was Rome. King Vic
tor Emmanuel and his mother, Dowager
Queen Margaret,; came here on purpose
to attend the annual mass, which is cel
ebrated on the anniversary of the assas
sination of King Humbert, which oc
curred three years ago. The King drove
to the Pantheon, the well known red llv-
Two Religious Ceremonies Occur
Simultaneously in Rome.
MASSES FOR POPE AND KINO.
Emilio Villamor Is Par
doned by the Pres
ident.
Man Who Saw Slaying
of Attorney Will
Testify.
SEATTLE, Wash., July 29.— The largest
single coal and. the largest single lu«nber
cargo ever carried to a Bering Sea port
and perhaps to any port in Alaska will
reach Nome next month. The coal is be
ing transported by the British steamship
Wyncrlc, which sailed to-day from Lady
smith for Nome. The Wyneric took G0O0
tons from the mines at Nanalmo and
Lady8mith. The cargo is being shipped
to Nome by the Northwestern Commer
cial Company of this city for commercial
purposes. The lumber shipment amounts
to 2,000,000 feet. It goes north as cargo
of the chip A. J. Fuller, under charter, to
Tanner & Clark, and In tow of the oil
steamship Argyll.
Great Cargoes for Nome.
# »?"M"I"I"I"M"I"I"frH"i-I"M"M-I-MH* %
slight had them dressed and remained on
the scene, where they assisted in caring
for the less fortunate.
The explosion shook the city and with
in a half hour there were. at least 5000
persons on the scene of the catastrophe.
The crowd ao badly hindered the work of
caring for the injured that the Mayor
sent out a militia call.
• Two hundred yards down the river from
the second magazine the firemen sudden
ly came across the bodies of four little
boys, who had been about to have a
swim. A fifth member of the party was
in the river when the explosion occurred,
and escaped without injury.
Apparently the force from this second
magazine was expended in two directions,
north and south. On the north it com
pletely demolished the house of William
Riggs, about- fifty,; yards away, almost
burying Mrs. Rlggs and badly injuring
her little son. Mrs. Rlggs died before be
ing taken to the hospital. ,
On the other side of the magazine was
a grove of trees, through which the. ex
plosion tore a path fifty feet, wide for. a
distance of nearly COO yards. ' % '. .;•
WASHINGTON. July 29. — The naval board
which investigated 'the recent collision in New
port Harbor between the torpedo boat Winglow
and the yacht Clytie has reported to the Navy
Department that the accident waa caused by
the crowded condition of the harbor and that
the commander of the torpedo boat was obliged
to choose between grounding; his vessel and
striking the Clytie. The Government will pay
the damages.
FILIPINO LEADER
GIVEN FREEDOM
NEW WITNESSES
IN MARCUM CASE
cries of his coachmen and footmen arous
ing much Interest, and arrived there in
time to meet Queen Margaret, who waa
dressed in deepest black. After a tender
embrace mother and son entered the Pan
theon, heard the mass and placed wreath*
on the tombs of King Humbert and King
Victor Emmanuel. Their entrance and
exit was witnessed by a large crowd. "
At 11 o'clock the members of the munic
ipality of Rome, with the exception of
their number who a few days' ago went
to the Vatican to condole with the Camer-
Ilngo on Pope Leo's death (as representa
tives of the clerical part of the city gov
ernment), visited th© Pantheon in a body
and placed wreaths on the tombs of the
two Kings.
The second requiem. mass in the Sistlne
Chapel was termed the foreign mass.
Cardinal Kopp, Bishop of Breslau. cele
brated, assisted by the foreign Cardinals,
Goosens, Gruscha and Perraud, and one
Italian Cardinal, Di Pletro. The beauti
ful chapel overflowed, as It did yester
day, with the faithful.
The Vatican, as a rule, provides car
riages' and horses for all the Cardinals
and all of the horses are alike black, with
long tails, but the authorities were not
prepared for so. many Cardinals and were
obliged to give the last arrivals bay
horses. ,
With the arrival here of Cardinal Pris,cl,
Archbishop of Naples; the number of
Cardinals who will participate In the con
clave is complete " and totals sixty-two.
Of the remaining two Cardinals, Cflesla,
Archibshop* of Palermo, cannot leave
there because of his health, and Cardinal
Moran, Archbishop of Sydney, N. , S. W.,
although he -has left Sydney, cannot,- It
is believed, arrlva here before August 20,
when,' it is supposed, the conclave will
be over. ¦ ' ' ¦
In'theevenlnglthere was a procession
through the streets to the tombs of King
Humbert and I King Victor Emmanuel: It
passed - off auietly, though ' thousands of
persons witnessed the demonstration, and
the procession itself was more than a
mile in length. ' Throughoutjthe ¦ route the
piazzas and streets were thronged by or
derly spectators; who heartily cheeredithe
red-shlrted ¦ Garibaldian veterans and
other representatives of Italian' liberty.
MILL VALLEY PREPARES
FOR TOWN IMPROVEMENT
Offers for Sale Bonds to the Amount
of S5O,OOO, Bids to Be Opened
on August 25.
MILL VALLEY, July 29.— The Trustees
of the town of Mill Valley have offered for
sale bonds of the town to the amount of
$50,000. Sealed bids are requested, to be
opened August 25 at 8 p. m.
Of the amount $37,000 Is for the construc
tion of streets and roads, $4000 for bridges,
$7000 for sewers and $2000 for fire appara
tus. Mill Valley has no bonded indebted
ness. ' • '
HO.VOLILI", July 2J>.— Th» ftfamer Dortc
arrival io-<i*y. fiv» day* and nineteen hours
from Pan Francisco.
PIQUA, Ohio, July 29.— An attorney
Is here looking for evidence In
the estate of the late E. L. Camp
bell of San Francisco, whose body
was taken from a Panhandle
train here on May 14. The attorney's
mission is to l»arn what effects of Camp
bell's were taken from the train with
him and what was found in his berth and
returned by the trainmen.
The widow, Mrs. Campbell, believes that
her husband was robbed. The inventory
of his effects show that two pins, one a
diamond and the other an emerald, each
valued at $250. are missing. That a con
siderable amount of money was also
taken is believed. ¦',
At the time of his death Campbell was
on his way to Minneapolis, en route home
from New York, where he settle/1 a $50,000
case. It is known that he received his
fee, which was a large one. and that a
portion of it was deposited In New York,
to be placed to his credit in Minneapolis.
It is believed that this jum was $750.
From what is known of Campbell's hab
its by his relatives It la believed that he
could not have had less than $200 or $300
on his person when on the train.
Only $45 .was found on the body, his
gold watch and chain being afterward
found in the, berth Campbell occupied.
Neither the diamond nor the emerald pin
was found. This, coupled with the fact
that the death of Campbell was not re
ported by the Pullman porter until Bomo
time after its discovery, strengthens the
belief of the relatives that hewas robbed.
The attorney, who refuses to give his
name, will go to Cincinnati, Pittsburg and
New York In search of further evidence.
In the event of sufficient evidence being
discovered a suit will be brought against
the Pullman Company to recover' the
missing money and valuables.
J. S. Spillman, who was named executor
of ' E. L. Campbell's estate by the will
left by the dead man,. said yesterday that
he did not believe any robbery was com
mitted. When Campbell's death was first
made known in this city it was suspected
that he had been roWbed of a large sum
of money. Subsequent investigation, said
Spillman, convinced him that no robbery
had taken place, as the papers of the de
ceased showed that he did not have much
money with him when he died. Spillman
professed himself in ignorance of any
new evidence In possession of Mrs. Camp
bell that would tend to support the rob
bery , theory. . *
.s. ~— — v
Believes the Late E. L.
Campbell's Funds;
Were Stolen.
SAN FRANCISCAN WHO DIED
IN HIS BERTH IN A PULL
MAN CAR.
REDWOOD OFFICIALS
INVESTIGATE TRAGEDY
Autopsy Shows That Bullet Pierced
Heart and Lung- of George
la Palm.
REDWOOD CITY. July C?.-The Sheriff
and District Attorney, with the County
Purveyor, are at the Fcene of the shoot
ing of the 15-year-old boy. George La
Palm. inv^Mipating the tragedy. The in-
QnCM will be held August 3. The autopsy
showed th" boy"s heart srd left lung were
]'i«rced by a 22-oaIiber bullet.
It is claimed the boys were ordered off
the MoClellan ran^h before the shooting,
and also that the actual site of the trag
edy ie pome fifty feet to one side from
where Howard McClelland and Bresmo
Mariin claim it occurred.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ROME, July 29.— There has been no
change in the attitude of the several fac
tions in the Sacred College regarding the
various candidates for the papacy. The
position of the foreign Cardinals Is clearer
than that of the Italian members of the
college.
The French Cardinals met to-day, but
failed to agree upon united action. Two
of them are opposed to the candidacy of
Cardinal Rampolla, two support It and
two are wavering. The Austrian, Hun
garian and German Cardinals number
seven and they all support Cardinal Sera
fino Vannutelli. The four Spanish Cardi
nals are in favor of Cardinal Rampolla.
Cardinal Gibbons, of Balti
more, and Cardinal I«ogue. Archbishop of
Armach, Ireland, are against Cardinal
RanWnlla.
The session of Cardinals to-day occupied
only fifteen minutes. One innovation
noted was the Introduction of a buffet
with Ice water and vermouth.
Cardinal" Oreglia distributed voting
papers for the conclave. He explained th$
manner in which the ballots are to be
used. A vote will be taken at 1 o'clock
each morning. At the afternoon sessions
Cardinals desiring to change their votes
may do so, the others casting blank votes.
This process is designated as "accession,"
and its practical. effect Is that two ballots
will be taken daily.
For a long time after the meeting the
Cardinals remained in groups discussing
various Questions.
CONCLAVE WILL BE SHORT.
Tho impression x gains ground that the
conclave will be short. It- will sopn be
evident whether or not It will be possible
to elect Cardinal Rampolla. If it Is shown
that he cannot be elected, It will not be
difficult to concentrate on a neutral can
didate. One guess is as good as another
concerning who the neutral candidate
may be, for the Cardinals themselves
are without any fixed idea.
After the meeting Cardinal Oreglia re
'questedthe Cardinals to visit their cells
and be prepared at to-morrow's meeting
to present any complaint which they may
have.
Superstitious people hero find an omen
in the fact that Cardinal Rampolla drew
apartment No; 58. which In the book of
the lottery stands for Pope, and, conse
quently they- come to the conclusion that
fato has marked hilm to be the next PopV».
Cardinal I Allgardi has relinquished his
cell, near the Sistine. chapel, to Cardinal
Cretoni, on account <Jf the latter's illness.
Over the door of each of the cells has
teen placed the coat of arms of the. Car
dinal v.ho is to occupy it. : ..
Should' all of the sixty-two Cardinals
now in Rome enter the conclave it will be
the most numerously attended in history.
The conclave which elected Pope. Leo was
attended by sixty-one Cardinals. In tho
past. Popes have been elected by conclave
containing as low as nine. t
The ecclesiastics who are to watch the
sliding doors which will be the only
means of communication between the
conclave and the outside world have been
requested to be. present at the Vatican
Friday afternoonto assume their duties.
The sliding doors will be opened only be
tween 9 and 11:30 o'clock in the morning
and between 5 and 7 o'clock in the even
ing. At all other times they will be
locked.
CARDINAL LOGUE 'S VIEWS.
" Cardinal Logue, Archbishop of Armagh/
had an Interview to-day with Cardinal
Gibbons. When asked what he thought
of the objections frequently mentioned
against Cardinal Gottl being elected Pope,
on the ground that his being a member
of a religious order would prevent him
dealing In a broad spirit with Catholic
problems in America and Great Britain,
Cardinal Logue said:
It is absurd. Cardinal Gottl was formerly
an internuncio and has mixed with the reprt
sentatlves of the various powers. He knows
the prevailing conditions as well as anybody
Just because he is a Carmelite it does not fol
low that he is narrow minded. Moreover, It Is
unreasonable to attribute too much weight to
the personality of the new Pope. International
matters and Internal policy are now almost in
variably settled by a committee of Cardinals
who certainly, under the late Pope Leo, have
directed their departments Just as much as the
heads of departments of a civil Kovernment di
rect their departments. But. whoever may be
Pope. -it is not likely that he will attempt to
make any changes in policy without belnn
10 ta £. e advice of those committees
which have hitherto directed the policy of the
Vatican. .
Fire Starts in the Wreckage and
Victims Pinned Beneath the
Debris Are'Roasted
to Death.
¦LOWELL," Mass., July 29.— Two small
gunpowder magazines situated in the very
midst of the humble residences of fifty
mill operatives exploded to-day with a
frightful concussion and the resultant
wave of death cut off the lives of more
than a score of human beings and In
jured nearly fifty others. A half dozen
men who were loading kegs of powder
from one of the magazines were blown
to pieces; four boys 200 yards away were
killed by the force of the explosion and
fourteen frame houses within a radius' of
400 yards went down as if they' had been
built of cards. Seven of these houses im
mediately caught fire, probably from the
kitchen stoves, and were consumed. At
least three persons were caught in the
ruins arid burned to death, while seven
or eight others who were rescued died
subsequently of their Injuries.
It is estimated that seventy separate
pieces of property, including those al
ready mentioned, were destroyed, while
the force. of the explosion wrecked win
dows five or 6ix miles distant and its
thunder could be beard distinctly more
than fifty miles way.
LONG LIST OF VICTIMS.
Following Is a list of known killed in
the explosion:
GEORGE FINN.
JOHN McMASTERS.
LOUIS F. RICHARDS.
JAMES L,. GRADY.
JAMES B. SULLIVAN.
CHARLES MOORE.
JEAN ROLEAU.
GILBERT McDERMOTT. 10 years old
MICHAEL McDERMOTT. 12 years old
THOMAS HOULAGAN. 12 years old.
JAMES HOULAGAN. 10 years old.
WILLIAM GALLOWAY.
ROBERT GALLOWAY Sr.
ROBERT GALLOWAY Jr.
ALFRED LE BRUN.
MRS. CATHERINE RIGGS.
EDDIE RODGERS.
GEORGE McDERMOTT, 40 years old.
JOSEPHINE PERUSSE. 11 years old.
MRS. VICTORIA PERUSSE.
Z. PERUSSE. "*¦
An unknown man.
The last named nine were killed by the
falling of their houses or burned to
death. Four persons are missing: John
Riggs and Patrick Spencer and two car
penters, names unknown.
Those fatally injured: Amadee Boul
anger, 18 years old. Clarendon Goodwin,
60 years old, both employes of the car
tridge company, Mrs. Howard Hurkett,
Miss McDermott, Eliza Galloway, Clara
Superns.
SURROUNDED BY DWELLINGS.
The magazines were the property of the
United States Cartridge Company of this
city, but formerly were situated more
than a mile from the factory itself. They
were built of brick, about ten feet high
with a rounded roof of corrugated Iron.
They were constructed forty years ago In
what was then a broad, open field on the
banks of the Concord River. During the
last decade small wooden dwellings haye
gradually sprung up in the vicinity,
crowding nearer and nearer with fancied
security to tbe innocent looking little
buildings until they almost completely
surrounded them, except on the river side,
the nearest house scarcely fifty feet
away.
One of the magazines was just within
the roadside fence, while the other was
about a hundred feet behind it, near the
banks of the river. Both magazines or
dinarily contained two or three tons of
gunpowder in tin kegs, each keg being
about eighteen inches high and a foot in
diameter. The company for some time
has been desirous of strengthening* the
floor of the magazines nearest the street
and this morning eight men, three of
them employes were sent there with three
large express teams to take out the pow
der and mend the floor. Two of the
wagons had been loaded and the other
was almost full when the explosion oc
curred.
FOREMAN'S FATAL MISTAKE.
It was a long time before the actual
cause of the explosion was ascertained.
It was first thought that every one with
in a radius of fifty feet of the magazines
had been killed, but later It was found
that Clarendon Goodwin, the foreman of
the men who were loading the powder
on tl:« teams, had survived, together with
one <y his assistants, Amadee Boulanger.
Boulanger said that the men went down
to the magazine nearest the street to fix
the floor and after the wagons had been
loaded with tbe powder which was In the
magazine it was discovered that a can of
nitro glycerine, which was stored in the
magazine, was leaking. Goodwin picked
up what he thought was a Jug of water
and began pouring it on the nitro- glyc
erine with- the Idea of diluting it and
washing It up. As soon as the fluid from
the Jug struck the floor he found that it
was nitric acid. The floor at once be
gan to smoke and when the men saw it
they rushed from the building, but had
not gone ten feet when the explosion oc
curred.
This magazine, therefore, was the first
to go up, followed by the gunpowder in
the three wagons and, some seconds later,
by the second magazine.
To those who heard the crash it seem
ed as if there, were two distinct explo
sions, with a continuous roar between
them. There are, however, five holes in
the ground, which seems to clearly Indi
cate five explosions.
The entire catastrophe hardly occupied
the space of five seconds, but in that
time the surrounding property was swept
as if a small volcano had broken forth
In its midst.
FLAMES SPREAD RAPIDLY.
For several minutes afterward the air
¦was completely filled by smoke and dust,
illuminated by the glare from the already
burning houses. The work of rescue at
once began, but in many cases the flames
had already gained full sway over the
crumbled ruins, and several persons were
burned to death before the debris which
covered them could be removed.
The property Is situated Just over the
Lowell line in Tewkesbury, but the Low
ell fire department 1 did noble work in
carlns for the injured. Before a stream
of water started from the engines nearly
forty persons were taken to the hospitals,
while many more whose injuries' were,
Cardinal Oreglia* Gives Final In
structions as to the Manner
of the
Vote.
Fourteen Adjacent Houses
Collapse Under: the ... i
Impact.
Belief That but Few Ballots
Will Be Necessary for
~ a Choice.
Two Powder Magazines
. Are Blown Up at
Lowell. ~
Rampolla or a Neutral
Candidate to Win
• the Crown.
EXPLOSION
COSTS LIVES
OF A SCORE
CONCLAVE
WILL SOON
NAME POPE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAtt, THURSDAY, JULY <SO, 18O3.
WIDOW SEEKS
EVIDENCE OF
A ROBBERY
2
FRAMING BRYSON PICTURES
THE "LADY IN GREEN,"
Next Sunday's Call.
Bryson studies may be framed
¦vrith narrow frame, burnish gold
edging and raw silk mats;
colors selected to suit tones and
pictures. These studies admit gf
a variety of styles and also make
strikingly effective ; posters. The
"Lady in Green" / and companion
pieces to follow are : undoubtedly
the swellest art * pictures "ever
' issued by any newspaper* in
America.
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT.
KIDNEY AND BLADDER
TROUBLES PROMPTLY CURED
A Sample Bottle Sent FREE by Mail.
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the great
kidney remedy, fulfills every wish In
promptly curing kidney, bladder and uric
acid troubles, rheumatism and pain In tbe
back. It corrects inability to hold water
md scalding pain in passing it. or bad
effects following use of liquor, wine or
ttcr. and overcomes that unpleasant ne-
cessity of being compelled to go often
during the day and to get up many times
during the night. The mild and the ex-
traordinary effect of Swamp-Root is soon
reaJized. It et&sds the highest for its
wonderful cures cf the most distressing
case*.
s?t\ » Tip-Root .is not recommended for
everything, but If you have kidney. l!ver,
Madder or uric acid trouble you will find
it just the remedy you need.
If you need a medicine you should have,
the best. Sold by druggists in fifty-cent
and one-dollar sizes. You may have a
sample bottle of this "great kidney rem-
edy. Swamp-Root, and a book that tells
all about it and its great cures, both sent
absolutely free by mail. Address Dr. Kil-
mer & Co.. BInghamton, X. Y. When
writing, be sure to mention that you read
this generous offer in The San Francisco ,
Daily Call. Don't make any mistake, but
rcmerr.her the name. Swamp-Root. Dr. I
Kilmrr's Swamp-Root, and the address,
Bir.phamton. N. Y.. on every bottle.
" KITCHEN BEQUISITES. ¦
—the parties who originated and
circulated, the rumor that " Force" Food
"contained drugs or other injurious in-
gredients. .
$5,000. additional will be paid to
anyone proving that "Force" does, or
ever did, contain any drug or other in-
jurious or unhealthful ingredient, being
composed solely of Wheat and Barley,
with a seasoning of table salt, steam
cooked, flaked, and roasted.
Do us the justice, if you question
the absolute purity or healthfulness of
"Force," to send a package to the Health
Department of your city for analysis.
The "FORCE" Food
Company, il^ffj
mai$acfc«tttti Celkae ««iai unntm.
of PJurmaey. ' ', - r mMm Uiloerslty of Buffab,
Botftnf. Jims* ISM. . h~t m. *u. f*. a.
The" Force" Food Company, Buffalo, y. T.: Ammijiuat cttmut mmd An^tr.
* GBifTLBsntH— A rumor having re»cbed me that your r nnf . m inm
product, " FORCE," contained injurious ingredients. - - -i. ™® '
I took the occasion to analyie it, In the interest of .The "Ibrct" Food Company. Buffalo, X T.:
my own family and of some friends who are liberal Qvxnxxxs— In view of the rumors regarding tbe
users of it. »lleeed adulteration of "FORCE," it has been a
It may Interest you to know that I found it con- satisfaction to me to visit your Mnia, investigate, «n<»
elsted exclusively of Whole Wheat, Barley and Salt, analyze your product.
and is absolutely free from any injurious elements You are free to publish this statement made over
whatever my signature, that I found " FORCE" to be abso-
Permlt'meto express my sincere regret that such lutely pure, consisting solely of Whole Wheat and
a serious and baseless rumor should gain footing Bariev, flavored with table Salt, and free from any
with the public. injurious substance whatever.
You are free to use this letter In any way that will I examined, in detail, the various steps m the man-
help to do your product justice. ufacture of your product, such as the steam cooking,
Yours truly, the flaking and the roasting:, as well as tbe packing,
WILBUR L. SCOVLLLE. and find all to be remarkably clean and of absoluto
healthfulness. The final roasting Is done at a tem-
m. u ..v...u. «..„„. v perature above 800° F., which, with the steam cook-
ITIiSf aCnUStltS bOIUgt j nfrt completely sterilizes the product, and the entira
Of PlNOTMCy. ' process, from the first step to the final sealing of tha
Boston, June 80, 1903. package, is a mechanical one, the product at no time
To Whom. It May Concern • coming In contact with the handa or clothing of tha
At the invitation of The "FORCE" Food Com- persoM handling the machines or packages,
pany, of Buffalo, I have visited their Mills and made %?^mt If tttt t
a careful examination of the materials from which . Jrl?* ZL nu ' ftktir.i^ *
"FORCE" Is prepared, and the processes which Chemist to the City of Buffalo.
convert it Into Its finished condition.
I found that " FORCE " consists exclusively of "~~"
what my previous analysis indicated, viz.: Whole „.
Wheat and Barley, with a flavoring of Table 8alt, See page 143 of "Cereal Breakfast Foods," Bulle-
flaked, cooked and sterilized by 800 degrees of heat. . tin No. M, of the Maine Experiment Station, a Stata
A feature of the manufacture which Impressed me Institution, which has analyzed " FORCE " with
considerably was tbe fact that the process is entirely other foods, in tbe public interests,
mechanical, the food being prepared, cooked and Copy will be mailed free on request,
boxed by machinery, without ever coming in contact Refer also to Canadian Government Bulletin 84 on
with the hands or clothing of the mill operatives. similar subject, pages 6 and 29, for analysis showing
I was also gratified to note that an experienced that " FORCE lf consists solely of the most whole-
Chemist dally supervised the entire output, and that some and nutritious ingredients,
each day's manufacture was also tested by an expert - Any inquiries concerning this subject will be chee>
cook. ' . fully answered by
8Igned, WILBUR L. 8COVTLLE, THE "FORCE" FOOD COMPANY,
Professor of Theory and Practice of Chemistry. % ".: . Buffalo, N. Ti
ADVERTISEMENTS.
LITTLE THINGS COUNT
In laundering — a little better, more
thorough, washing; a little more or
less starch; a little more or less blu-
ing; a little less haste in ironing — all
go to make the difference between
good and indifferent work. We flatter
ourselves we take a little more pains
than anybody else in all departments.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
orncE 1004 market street,
Neat Powell.
St. Louis
BEERS
The Highest Priced but
the Best Quality.
60LO LVEP.YWHERE.
iA Spheroid /il
] % t Eye Glasses S/M
V*^ Will improve the sight. | 'I
I ) Prices moderate. X^J
S'%^%^ev^'%^^^<^<e*^^^,t
d visit DR. JORDAN'S great i
MUSEUM OFAHATOMYf
> CjB i*.::xnzxzc:.\x'..i'.u7±,s.T.Ziia
\ Cf Th« Largest Autenical Mineum in Ibe \
g ,Jkw Worid. UuiMtKi or any convicted M
O /ga SpecniM ob the Ccml Ejijtyean. Q
4 Lfftv DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF KEN A
1 I €*?& CoBiultition free md rtrictly printe. \
B I JL#^L TrMtmcnt pi-rwjliy or by Irttrr. A §
' I 7 Tl ****** <*""inerenrca*«iindefttken. \
6 T 1 Hi »>,., f OI B»k. rniLoxorm-*f i
f I 8 [tV B4KBUCK. KAILEO FREE. (AT
A (X H- »»lu»ble boek for m^o) \
r Dtt. JUBDl.Vftco.. 1051 Market St.. 8. F 9
/^^^P^Bflieil WOMEN
tOjjr>»\ V>\A'7 1 1 < \ / jTYSS* C*» obUU rtr»arth »nil riser
i5ta^ s N I . T \L^m *>y » h « ••• '¦ i jR - piERcr.fi
sg-TpB&Ki&zrTWST.ivr electeic belt.- a *•«•¦
«-rral Kewuir*. Th» not
0 i 'CvfS-Jyf^ r\\ Sd'ctlSc EUc:ric»l >j>p!lane«
¦ ¥if\[~ 4 ** er«r»*4e. Drag* A* sat cmr*.
lirz«na *Tl}rS:bot ttiti P*U 4or*. Can or wet for
Ff*r. * rtert* Electric Co. 33 We*tJ4th
Street. Ke w YcrV or 206 Po« St., Sm Francisco. C*L
SANTA CLARA COLLEGE
Tke r«ct ee«son b«rin« Auruct 4, 1903.
BOBERT G. KESSA. fi. J., PieiWenuDeceased was well known among the
local theatrical managers. He was the
assistant In the ticket office of the Bald
win Theater under Lewis Morgenstern
during the management of Al Hayman.
After the flre which destroyed the popu
lar playhouse he accepted a position with
the Columbia Theater, which he held for
some time. As far as known the dead
man had no relatives In, this city and the
funeral will undoubtedly be conducted un
der the auspices of the Theatrical . Man
agers' Association. , . "¦
Peyser, who was 44 years of age, . had
been complaining of ill-health for some
time and death was no doubt due to. na
tural causes. • . ; , -
The dead body of Morris Peyser, for
merly assistant treasurer 1 of the Baldwin
Theater and recently connected with the
Central Theater In the capacity of door
tender, was found on the floor In his room
at 324 Bush street yesterday afternoon by
one of the lodgers. The body was partly
disrobed. ¦
Found Dead on the Floor.
DArviLLE. 111.. July 23— Eleven arrests
¦n-ere made to-day for participation in the law-
Ws *)utbr«aJt of Saturday night, when th«
jail wag atta.cked in an effort to lynch Jaxnes
wnson. a n^gro, ¦who. It is be!ie\*e<l, attacked
ilrs. Burres? at Ahin.
NAPA. July 2?.— S. M. Getchell. convict
f-<i last, week of permitting a minor to
visit his saloon, was sentenced by Jus
tice McKnigM Tuesday. He was given a
doe of $80 or imprisonment at the rate of
one day for each dollar. He decided to
po to jail and let his bartender run the
faloon. this to save the $S0 for his cred-
Caocses Jail Instead of Fine.
Army orders — Major Carrofl A. Devol quar
termaster, at additional duties in charge of of
fice of chief quartermaster. Department of
California, relieving Colonel John McE Hyde
deputy quartermaster ceneral, ordered to St.
Paul, Minn. Captain Harry M. Hallock as
sistant surgeon, from San Francisco to Fort
Porter, N. Y.
WASHINGTON, July 29.— Postofflce discon
tinued, August 15: Oregon — Crow, Lane County,
mail to Long Tom. Postmaster commissioned:
Washington — Harry - A. Marx, Cokedale.
Fourth class pest masters appointed: Oregon
Ambrose F. Gardner, Harbor. Curry C<5unty,
vice James McCutchen, resigned.
New Postmasters Are Appointed and
Army Orders Affecting Califor
nians Are Issued.
The entertainment committee Is one of
the most Important of all sub-committees,
and is at present one of the busiest, mak
ing arrangements for one continuous
round of entertainments for the visitors.
Charles H. Blinn, chairman of the com
mittee, and all his co-workers are deter
mined to eclipse the efforts of all other
cities in entertaining the Grand Army
hosts.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
The use of the Lick House dining room
was at once secured and thus the head
quarters assured. The posts of the Sac
ramento Valley will be! largely represent
ed during the encampment, and will be
accompanied by large delegations from
every city and town along the river. The
display of the resources is to be credita
ble to Central and Northern California.
One of the most energetic ajid active
members of the committee working with
the Sacramento Valley Veterans Brigade
is Colonel George W. White, Post Com
mander of General John F. Miller Post,
No. 110, Colusa. He is also special aid
on the staff of General Shafter, Comman
der of the Department of California and
Nevada, and Is a member of the reception
committee.
vide an ample supply of fruits for the
callers at the headquarters; to give them
a chance to taste of our products, and
partly to sustain the proverbial Califor
nia hospitality.
It was agreed that the organization be
known as the Sacramento Valley Veter
ans Brigade, G. A. R., and that all the
posts of the Sacramento valley and its
watersheds be invlted-to join In the alms
and objects of the organization. Each
post Is to contribute $100 toward the ex
pense of the headquarters and the dis
play.
An executive committee was chosen,
composed of one delegate from each post,
and R. M. Oreen of Sherman Post was
elected committeeman at large. The com
mittee met at once, appointed the vari
ous sub-committees and made arrange
ments for the exhibit and the entertain
ing of the visitors. It was reported that
$1500 was available, contributed from the
following sources:
Butte County. $400: Yuba County. JtlOO; Sut
ter County, $100; Tehama County, *2.'>0: Colusa
County. $100; Yolo County. $250; Grand Army
Post of Shasta County, $300.
Special Dispatch to The Call
NAPA^July 29.— Frank H. Spreckels. a
prominent and popular young man of thla
city, committed suicide this morning at
the house of a friend, Mrs. Harriet Keos
ter, by Inhaling Illuminating gas. De
spondency caused by illness and business
reverses. is thought to have been the
cause of the rash act.
The suicide, caused _ a profound sensa
tion in Napa. The- deceased, who was
about CO years of i age,' was secretary of
Napa Aerie of the Eagles and a promi
nent member., of Court Paragon of the
Foresters.-.' > I ¦ '
Spreckcls killed himself by inhaling gas
from ajgas stove. He sat on a chair be
side the: stove and,'' throwing a towel over
his head,, placed .his .mouth over the
burner and turned on the gas. The family
were all away, from the house at the time
and he had been dead half an hour before
any of them returned.
Deceased leaves a widowed mother and
one sister, Mrs. John Crow of Napa. The
funeral-will be held Friday afternoon un
der the auspices of tne Foresters.
HONOLULU, July 29.— The proceedings
in the Supreme Court to-day In the dis
barment cases of Attorneys George A.
Davis and J. A. Magoon assumed an ex
citing and sensational phase at one stage
and hostilities in open court were im
minent. Attorney General Andrews has
prosecuted the charges against the de
fendants with all the vigor at his com
mand and as a consequence has created
some personal enmities. The expectation
of the public* at large has been that seri
ous trouble would develop at the trial.
Davis Is a man of forceful, aggressive
character and he resented the attltud? of
Andrews, who claimed that thfi,dwin-J!ing
of the fortune of the aged and unfortun
ate John Sumner from $110,000 to $30,000
within a few months could be readily
traced to the avarice and unprofessional
conduct of a number of the attorneys en
gaged in defending and opposing his in
terests. The feeling ran so high. to-day
between Davis and Andrews that pistol
talk was Indulged In and Intimations
made of the possibility of settling the
differences of the men outside of the
court room. Happily, however, no oppor
tunity was allowed for a breach of the
peace, but the friends of both gentlemen
are greatly. co%:erned over the future.
The case of Attorney Magoon was sub
mitted and taken under advisement.
Woman : Dies Standing.
REDDING. July 29.— While seated at
dinner to-day : with, her -five young chil
dren, Mrs. Maud Balderton i of this city
was seized by, a hemorrhage of the lungs.
She staggered to the porch, leaned against
the wall and died' standing. A passer
by discovered the dead woman and car
ried her into : the house. -•, ¦
New Office Created in Hawaii.
HONOLULU,. July: 29.— Governor Dole
to-day appointed ,T. F. Lansing Commis
sioner of .Immigration. . This office is a
new one'and.was created for the purpose
of encouraging the coming to the islands
of tourists, farmers," "laborers and other
desirable classes. - ¦ •
DISCUSS NEW, PLANS FOB,
IMPROVEMENT OF ROADS
PHOENIX BUSINESS MEN
SUFFER LOSSES B7 FIBE
Dry Goods Store and Plumbing Es
tablishment of Total Value of
$100,000 Are Burned.
PHOENIX. Ariz., July 23.— The most
distastroua flre . that Phoenix • has ex
perienced In a decade broke out at about
2:30 this morning and raged until 6 a. m.
It was practically confined to the dry
goods store of the Alkire. Company and
the plumbing establishment of D. H.Bur
tis. The two stores were situated on
Washington street In the middle of a solid
business block. Both were one-story
buildings, while the surrounding proper
ties are all two-story brick. The store
and stocks were completely destroyed, the
total loss being estimated at $100,000. The
floor to Alkire's did not burn through and
a portion of the reserve stock in the base
ment will be saved unless ruined by
water.
The Alkire stock was estimated at
nearly $70,000, but well insured. Burtls*
stock was valued at $13,000, one-third In
sured. The buildings were worth $20,000.
Insurance unknown. The flre originated
in the back of Burtls* store, caused pre
sumably by spontaneous combustion, as a
quantity of oils, and cotton waste were In
the buildings. Only by the prompt work
of the firemen were the Elllgson block on
the east and the Cotton block on the .west
saved from destruction.. A slight loss was
sustained by tenants by damage from
smoke and water. .
GENEBAL COBOS RELIEVED
OF COMMAND AT PANAMA
Erratic Officer's Irregular Action Is
Not Sustained by the Colom- .
bian Government.
WASHINGTON, July 29.— United States
Consul General Gudgcr at Panama has
made the following report by cable un
der yesterday's date of the termination
of the disturbance on the isthmus caused
by the erratic action of General Cobos: .
"General Castra arrived this, afternoon
and took command of the troops, fully
sustaining the Government. Commander
in chief is to leave the department."
The last statement is supposed to refer
to General Cobos.
Yosemite .Valley. Commissioners in
Favor of Commencing Work of
'.Clearing Immediately.
A meeting of. the' Yosemite. Valley Com
missioners., w-as held yesterday afternoon
at 2 o'clock, i.. Those present were Commis
sioners -.W.. H. Metson, William G. Hen
shaw. William G. Kerckhoff, Frank H.
Short, J. C. , Wilson and Thomas A. Hen
der. :„ ".,-¦ "': .. -/..*,.". 4 -:.\ .
The committee on the preservation of
the valley, reported In favor, of commenc
ing immediately, the .work of. clear
ing a'way.V ". the ' underbrush and
draining. v . the. .moist : places In the
valley and ' the ' waters more
evenly over. the. dry places, so that tho
entire floor, of the .valley might be turned
Into a grassy,' meadow. ; : .• •
Word 1 was.' received:, from the valley
that a i forest, fire had started near - the
Glacier Point" Hotel.", butthat it had been
checked and. that- another forest .fire was
raging pn'TMburit Starr King.' and it. was
determined .to' call uppf the. United States
patrol to put. it" out."
' Discussion * of the -improvement .of the
.roads In -.the. valley, consumed- considerable
time.- It, was determined i that the only
economical and ' the best way of Improv
ing theTroads was to sprinkle- them with
oil. The only, difficulty that confronts the
commissioners is; the great,, cost -of
freighting",, the- oil over the mountains,
which will hiring the .aggregate cost of
oiling a-, twelve-foot ' road'; the first year
up to $1250 a -mile. It was determined to
defer any: action until, the highway com
missioner'had investigated the roads In
the valley— their soil . and their . adaptabil
ity to Oil!; ; I . ' - ..
Charles: Bailey, of the Sierra Club ap
peared 'before the board advocating the
construction "of a ' new trail at Sierra
Point. /The: board Is heartily in favor of
constructing. such a trail if there are suf
ficient funds.- A- preliminary survey will
be made to ascertain the cost.
DELAWARE. Ohio. July CT>.— The Circuit
Court in .a decision handed down to-day de
clared the criminal claus* of the Valentine anti
trust law to be unconstitutional.
Transfer of the Terre Haute.
NEW YORK, July ».— J. P. Morgan &
Co.. as financial agents of the Rock la
land and St. Louis and San Francisco
Railway Interests, to-day took over from
Edwin S. Hooley & Co.. Mr. Hooley per
sonally and H. H. Porter enough stock
of the Evansvllle and Terre Haute- road
and its subsidiary lines to give the first
mentioned parties control, -he price paid
for Evansville and Terre Haute stock and
its affiliated properties was hot disclosed,
but rumor placed the average at $57 per
share. The deal hardly involves more
than SI ,200.000 in all.
3arbee Loses Position.
Harry, Barbee, Deputy County Clerk In
Judge Lawlor's court./ found yesterday
that his efforts to evade paying Agnes Bar
bee were expensive. He was summoned to
appear before County Clerk A. B. lla
hony and .he, could ."not or would
not explain .what he meant by saying In
court that, he did not. receive all his sal
ary was discharged. He did tell Mahony,
though; that, he did not intend to convey
the j Impression that Mahony was reaping
any benefit
LOS ANGELES, July 29.— E. "W. Glllett,
general freight and passenger agent of the Salt
Lake route, whose offices are now in Salt Lake
City, to-day appointed J. Lloyd Moore to the
position of commercial agent of the San Pedro,
Los. Angeles 'and Salt Lake road, with head
quarters in Salt Lake City.
NEW YORK, July 29.— President Roosevelt
has refused to grant the request of Corporal
John P. Carney of the Marine Corps for per
mission to leave the Government service,
¦where he receives $13 a month, in order that
he might accept a position as keeper In Ray
mond-street Jail at a salary cf $1ZOO a year.
SANTA CRUZ. July 23.-Governor Par
dee has invited his friends here to Join
him at dinner at the Big Basin Sunday
afternoon. *L here is an average of fifty
visitors daily In Big Basin. Governor
Pardee would lik«». to remain there a.
month. Forest fires are still burning
south of the Big Basin, but the park is in
DO danger.
Governor Will B« Host.
MEMBERS OF ORDER WHO
ARE PREPARING FOR COM
IXG CONVENTION.
Exciting Day in Hono
lulu Disbarment
Cases.
Napa Young Man Takes
His Life in Unusual
•Manner.
YLT3A CITY, July 29.— The Yuba City
Flour Mill, an old landmark, burned at 2
o'clock, the building and contents being
totally destroyed. The loss: Building and
machinery, $15,000, Insurance. 53000; wheat,
flour and millstuffs, $10,000, insurance
J15.000.
The bicycle shop of H. F. Grobe, ad
'olning, was burned. Loss, $325* no In
surance. The mill was owned by T. B.
Hull and leased by Greely & Magruder.
Its capacity was 150 barrels a day. It will
bo rebuilt.
Yuba City Mill Burns.
ATTORNEYS VENT
RAGE IN COURT
INHALES DEADLY
GAS FROM STOVE
Mitchell and Burkey were jute mill op
erators and were partially hidden from
view of the guards. Apparently they had
been working during rest hours for weeks.
All was ready for the final break when
detected. The hole was large enough for
a man to crawl through.
WALLA WALLA, Wash., July 29.— An
attempt at convict delivery from . the
Washington State penitentiary here leak
ed out to-day. James Burkey and H.
Mitchell, five-year men, in for burglary,
had worked through sixteen inches of
solid brick wall and were, discovered .by
the presence of brick dust, among the jute
scraps.
CONVICTS DIG HOLE
THROUGH BRICK WALL
Brick Dust Among Scraps in Jute
mill Defeats Plan for Jail
Delivery.
The girl is well developed and would
easily pass for 16. She is described as a
handsome blonde and only'arrlved In this
city a month ago from Italy, where she
had been studying in one of the foremost
colleges of that country. Boragni is
nearly distracted with grief and spent the
night in searching for some clew to her
whereabouts. He stated that his daugh
ter is attending a dressmaking Institu
tion on Market street and during the last
three days he accompanied her to' and
from that place. Yesterday morning the
girl stated that she was a*ble to find her
way without his assistance and started
off unattended:
The grief-stricken father believes his
daughter inadvertently boarded a car of
some other line than the one on which
she should have come home and was car
ried out Into the suburbs. As she speaks
nothing but Italian. It Is possible that she
vainly tried to find her way home or fell
into the hands of unscrupulous persons,
who have decoyed her away. Captain
Martin detailed detectives on the case
and the patrolmen have been Instructed
to keep a close lookout for the child. -At
the time of disappearance she wore a
light brown drees and a white straw hat.
P. Boragnl, a well known wine mer
chant at 1846 Union street, reported to
Captain of Detectives Martin last night
that his 14- year-old daughter, Assunta,
had not returned home from school and
he feared that, owing to the fact that
she is entirely unfamiliar with the Eng
lish language, she was wandering aim
lessly about the streets. ,
Assunta Boragni, Who Cannot Speak
English, Is Missing, and Her
Parents Are Distracted. •
HANDS0ME ITALIAN GIRL
SUDDENLY DISAPPEARS
J. •. Karsner presided over the meet
ing and R. H. Taber was chosen secre
tary. Colonel Coolly stated the objects
of the meeting were to organize, secure
headquarters for the posts of the valley
during the encampment at San Francisco,
and to provide funds for a display of the
products of the soil, mine and forest
which would Interest visitors, and furnish
them reliable information regarding that
section of California, its natural advan
tages of soil and climate, and also to pro-
One of the features of the coming Na
tional Encampment, and perhaps not the
least attractive, will be the exhibit of
California's resources by % the Sacramento
Valley Veterans' Brigade, composed of
the Grand Army posts of the Sacramento
Valley and its watersheds. These posts
have organized for the purpose of display-
Ing California's famed resources before
the visiting comrades and have secured
the Lick House dining-room for that pur
pose. Pursuant . to the call Issued by
Sherman Post a meetins of representa
tives of the various posts of the valley
was held at the Western Hotel, Marys
%-IUe, and the following posts responded.
Sherman Post No. 96. Oroville — H. C.
Veatch. R. M. Green. Dr. J. H. Karsner.
Corinth Post No. SO, Marysrille — Allen
Coolev. G. W. Sutllff, W. W. Russell. James
Haynes.
Maywood Pest Xo. 184. Cornlur— B. A.
Vaughn, R. H. Tabor.
Halleck Post No. 10. Chico— H. T. Batch
elder.
General J. F. Miller Post No. 110, Colusa—
George W. White.
W. H. Seward Post No. 65, Woodland— L.. G.
Stone.
E. F. Winslow Pest No. 79, Redding:— G. M.
Houn.
SACRAMENTO VALLEY.
The following additional contributions
to the entertainment fund were reported
at executive committee headquarters yes
terday:
Amount heretofore reported. $16,455: em-,
ployes United States Mint. $143: Lee?e & Has
kiaa. $1<>; PaHfic Byrup Company, $10; E. J.
Bowen $10; Parrys. $10: Westerfeld's baker
ies, $25: S. Foster & Co.. $10; William ! J.
Bryan. $20; C. W. Jordan. $10; Johnn rtapp &
Son, $20: Gray Bros.. $25; W. S. Keyes. $20:
San Francisco Gas and Electric Light Com
pany, $250; Pacific Mutual Life Insurance Com
pany, $50; Mrs. A. M. Bekeart. $5; Sine Fat
Company. $5;. Wing Chong Wo Company. $5;
Waterhoiu* & Lester, $25: Julius Kahn. $.*>; R.
H. Lloyd. $25: San Francisco Drydock Com
pany, $25; Aetna Insurance Company. $50;
Home Fire and Marine Insurance Company,
$50; Butler & Hewitt. $25: W. C. Van Fleet,
$10; Reid Bros.. $10: Jacob H. N'eff. $50; Harold
T. Power. $50: Ross McMahon, $5; William
Vhlmann. $5: C. A. Hurst. $5; R. A. Rigdon.
$5. Total. $17,42S.
There Is a deal of comment concerning
the grand arch or court of honor now in
course of construction at the intersection
of Market, Third and Kearny streets. Re
ports that work would be suspended and
plans changed were caused by a con
ference of the builders and members of
the Board ot Public Works. Practical
men In charge of the work assert that the
steel cables holding the platform over
Market street are capable of sustaining
a much greater strain than will be
placed upon them. Supervisor Horace
Wilson, chairman of the Arch Committee,
reports that the Board of Public Works
acted quite in line with official duty In
making Inquiry concerning the structure.
ENTEBTAINMENT FUND.
National j Encampment in this
city. Telegrams have been received an
nouncing the coming of General Nelson A.
Miles, U. S. A.; General Lew Wallace, In
diana; General Charles ) M. Anderson,
Ohio; General John C. Black and General
Thomas J. Henderson, Illinois, and Gen
eral Martin T. McMahon of New York,
president of the board of managers of the
National Home for Disabled Volunteer
Soldiers.
ADVICES received from the coun
try east 'of the Rocky Mountains
signify that many noted military
men will attend the Grand Army
B1SBEE. Ariz.. July 29.-A dispatch
from Bowie brings news of an apparently
cold-blooded murder committed in the
heart of the San Simon mountains, not
Jar from that town. The body of Frank
CaJdwell, a miner and prospector, was
found yesterday in a secluded spot in the
mountains l-y two prospectors, -who at
once reported it to the authorities at
Bowie. Coroner J. H. Tevis summoned a
jury and visited th© scene. They found
a great r^!e in the back of Caldwell's
head made by a bullet from a rifle. The
man had evidently been dead several
days, as the body was beginning to de
compose. There was a bitter feud be
tween James Gould and his friends and
Caldwell and his friends, and Gould has
boasted many times that he would some
day put Oaldwell under the ground. Gould
always carried a rifle of the same cali
l*T as the tn ! let which was found lodged
in the back of Caldwell's head. The spot
was an ideal one to shoot a man from
ambush and it ,*s believed Caldwell was
killed In this way.
The coroner's jury took Into considera
tion ail of these facts and In their verdict
found that Caldwell had met his death at
the hands of Gould. The latter has not
been eeen in the vicinity of Bowie since
the crime was committed, but cowboys
coming up from the line country report
that they saw on Saturday a man of his
description riding south, who is believed
to have been Gould headed for the line.
Caldwell was last seen on Friday. He
¦was armed when murdered and the fact
that neither his six -shooter nor rifle had
l>een discharged gives color to the sup
position that he was shot by Gould from
ambush He was quick with a gun and
would hardly have permitted such a bit
ter enemy to get the drop on him. Gould
is described as a one-armed man who
ought to be easily identified for that
reason. Officers all along the line are on
.he lookout for him and unless he has
already succeeded in crossing Into Mexico
his capture seems certain.
Special IMspaleh to The Call
Several new acts are on the boards at
Grauman's Theater this week.
An excellent programme Is provided at
the Chutes this week and the baby tigers
in the zoo attract great attention. To
night is amateur night.
Nance O'Nell will be tendered a series
of testimonials at Sutro Heights Saturday
and Sunday afternoons and evenings. She
will make her debut as Rosalind in Shake
speare's comedy, "As You Like It," and
will - be accorded excellent j support.
James J. "Corbett playing Charles the
wrestler. -
The Orpheum Is crowded to the doors,
as usual, this week and the programme Is
a strong one.
"A Lion's Heart," a drama of great
power and beauty, is packing the Central
Theater this week, and Herschel Mayall
has made another hit in the strong role
of Rizardo, the lion-tamer. The play will
be followed with a presentation of the
Russian drama, "Zorah," next Monday
night.
* • •
"Under the Red Globe" and "The Three
Musketeers," the double bill at Fischer's
Theater, is, still holding its own and gets
better with each performance.
"The* Highwayman," with Camille d'Ar
vllle in . the leading soprano part, is en
joying a successful run at the Tivoli this
week' and will be continued there all next
week.
• — • • ¦
These are the last nights of Amelia
Bingham's brilliant season at the Colum
bia Theater! This .evening and again on
Friday night the star and her splendid
supporting company will appear In' "The
Climbers," and on Saturday afternoon and
for the I farewell performance on Satur
day night "The Frisky lira. Johnson"
will be. presented for: the last time.
' • ¦ * *
A "bargain matinee" of "Hearts
Aflame" will be given -this afternoon at
the California by the Neill-Morosco Com
pany. On Sunday night this popular com
pany will present "Janice Meredith" for
the first time here at popular prices.
. - . . . • • % »
"In Wall Street" will begin its third and
last, week" at the Grand Opera-house on
Sunday night.
• ? «
Hall Calne's great success, "The Manx
man," has proved to be a great drawing
card at the Alcazar Theater and all dur
ing the week the patrons of that play
house have crowded it to the doors.
Shuck promptly swore to a complaint
and a warrant for O'Brien's arrest for em
bezzlement was issued. Deputy Sheriff Mc-
Swain went to San Francisco, but could
not find OIBrien nor any trace of him.
"Dear Shuck— I was drinking when you
gave that money. I have been drinking,
ever since. The money is gone. 1 don't
known whether 1 blew It in or; was
touched."
FRESNO, July 29.-FredT E. O'Brien,
Deputy Coroner under Dr. A. B. Cowan,
has disappeared and the police and
Sheriff's office are both making strenuous
efforts to find him at the instigation of
a number of citizens who were duped by
him. O'Brien came here a couple of
years ago from nobody knew where. He
was a man of rather pleasing personality
and much energy and within a short time
had worked himself up to a fair position
with Stephens & Bean, undertakers. The
first of the present year he was appointed
Deputy Coroner. He had in the mean
time become prominent in fraternal af
fairs. Several weeks ago he went on a
carousal here and was discharged from his
position. Friends sympathizing. with him
offered to back him in .the undertaking
business and several furnished money for
him tot make a payment on stock. He
went to San Francisco and returning said
he had arranged for the purchase of' the
stock. The exact amount of money turned
over to him is not known, but Frank
Shuck, a waiter In the Acme restaurant,
who had $G00 saved up. gave the entire
amount to O'Brien, thinking he was mak
ing a good business investment. O'Brien
went to San Francisco again. Shuck
waited several da>\s for O'Brien's return,
then received a letter in which the un
dertaker said: ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Suspected Man Is Reported
to Be Hurrying Toward
Mexican Line.
Alcazar Production of "The
Manxman" Pleasing
Its Patrons.
Fred O'Brien of Fresno Is
Wanted on Charge of
Embezzlement.
Murder Is Committed in
Heart of San Simon
Mountaina
Neill-Morosco Company
Scores Success at
California.
Deputy Coroner. Spends
Money Given for
/ New Start.
Work on the Grand Court of Honor Progressing.
Conference of Builders and 'the Board of Pub
lic Works— Sacramento Valley Veterans Active
MINER IS SHOT
FROM AMBUSH
BINGHAM SEASON
NEARING AN END
DUPES FRIENDS
WHO AIDED HIM
DISTINGUISHED GENERALS
COMING TO SAN FRANCISCO
THE SAN ¦ FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AjUIjY 30; 1903.
3
SB. PIEBCE'S BEMEDIES.
THE PRISONER
Who escapes from jail is by no means
tree. He is under the ban of the law
and psra'shtnent is written over against
his name. Soon or .
late he will be
caught again and *-lpW^ifbn?
bear added prosish- hjg Hr
/sent for his short ¦4«|ps/|f|[~' "
escape from his cell. |B Ryfevl^
Those -who by the •QJ&grfjSr "
use of palliative 1K\|S?J|m>..
powders and tablets fjmsj PjS^T
escape for a time "^evwi^'vA
from the sufferings K^Al 1 1 (S^T^V
of dyspepsia axe m f^^re^^lgfiroL
the same condition |. xfeafedhg.? a»a
as the escaped pris- ~r*^&Wt!fi&iw
nner. Soon or late Jit. i&Sffi'M
iacy will go back to Mli^S^
the old condition flra&laf
and pay an added r- Ajg |fiM
penalty for temper- i Esffi&fr
ary release. """ j §§k$&sA
Dr. Pierce's Gold- A- f§g^|P
en Medical Discoy- J
rry cures dyspepsia EpSa
t-'d other diseases ggi
o: lhe etomach and ||$a jfT
organs of digestion Ej-2 ™
2tH nutrition. Its t32
cures are Ip^ting. j Jtff' m
" For about two ye«r»
I suffered froni a very obstinate ewe of drapep-
cia," writes R. E. Seoord. Esq.. of 13 Eastern
Ave., Toronto, Ontario. "I tried a p*it nun-
bcr of remedies without «oeces«. I finally lost
f»uh ia them all. t was so far gone that I could
not bear acy solid food on my stomach for a lone
time; felt melancholy and depressed. Could not
*>rp or follow tay oceapetioa (tinsmith). 6ome
four months ago a friend recommended your
'Golden Medical Discovery.* After a week's
trectmest J bad derived so ranch benefit that I
continued the medicine. I nave taken three*
bottles and am convinced it basin my case ac-
complished a permanent core. I can constiro-
tiously recommend it to the thousands of dys-
peptics throughout the land."
Accept no substitute for w Golden Med-
ical Discovery." There is nothing " ju*t
as good" for diseases of the stomach,
blood and lungs.
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets stimulate
the liver •> ' .
It is worth your while, who-
ever you are, to know
Schilling's Best
tea biting powder tpfeei
coffee . fl*Yor:nj extracts toda
and the moneyback dealing by
which they are sold by the best
of the grocers on this Coast.
. ? . - V x • ' \ .ADVERTISEMENTS.
"NERVOUS AND IRRITABLE? 7
"^<^^^Vg^^S^ Pe-ru-na Is Invaluable to
\ , , " * '*" ' Ailing Women.
I /^Slllllillil^V- A Beautiful Michigan Girl Sends
Her Thanks to Dr. Hartman.
Miss Celia Harrincton. 303 Second ave-
nue% - Detroit. Mich., writps:
reli^iPiP^sIi^V^^^"-^^^ "Weakness has tilled many months of
rllliiiS^si^l^is*' -v£^^^"" v^. m> llfe wltn sufft3rin^- Through careles.'»-
ness I caught a severe cold two years ago
'- :: VT which settled in catarrh and seriously in-
fc^i^^^^^ <^^>^^^^w^^' t 3jr\. terfered with the regular functions of the
fc body, and made me- nervous and lrritafrle.
l^^^^^^S^/^^^^^^^^/^\ I began taking I'eruna and found In it a
:: '^\ faithful helper, as It enriched my blood
j|fc-|^||g^|gr~zSg^^-~ -'••:>^S^\ and Invigorated the whnle system. I have
x§i^'-"- no P a i ns now and am always well. I
fjj^gggg*"" 1^ heartily recommend Teruna" aa a reliable
jjrfc^gl_l_ In Peruna these women find a prompt
T^^g=^>grgL/ffis; and permanent cure. Thousands upon
k *y^^§^§=ES5====^^^^Kfln§Sir<i thousands of testimonials to this effect
/ JfSS=^f||pg======^^ggj>j SSjjffiyj^ are received by Dr. Hartman every year.
==^^^^== ::^^^fiP^^\ Tne s° od that Peruna has accomplished
g :===^^ =aa^SS^^Si^&jk yfi$z in thls class of cases can scarcely be over-
r — : $ =^ S : w§3?tsl&3»ij'5'» The S reat popularity of Peruna as a
—^¦v^vjJSaftiBfgg'^C^ catarrh remedy has tempted many peo-
— —^:^^ ' pie to Imitate Peruna. A great many so-
~i~5?fl/yv?TB Pe-ni-na edlcs and catarrhal
~ the only in many drug: store3.
¦ — " : :..;~ -gSftacfffcaSeyje Cntnvr-hnl These remedies can b«
:^trE? — — r:^fl5£#>38y \.aiarrnat procured by the drugr-
ifcf^~^ '"^SftfeTZfcSa Tonic. plat much cheaper than
*SS~r—^^z=zrr:-~ - ' r:r:^£Js0s5? : * **¦ on ly be obtained at a uniform price, and
— --""- - - -V.^KS3?J<2«7^ no drugsrist can get it a cent cheaper.
F<*^r--'--*y:- : :- " '-'- -—•'¦-JBtLTZf22 t 'r\ Thus it ia that druggists are tempted
-jfepv/x, -J<\!5?-«»'"- >^>*— ~*s^yi_ rs/"VJ!L to substitute the cheap imitations of Pe-
3^ \Z&522S\ runa for Peruna. It ia done every day
r* 1* U * A I wItnout a doubt.
LCIICX n&rrir\QtOI\.| We would caution all people against
""^i-^T^I&^Vl _ _ —^ accepting substitutes for Peruna. In- '
>^^C. V**^_ */*' upon having Peruna. There is
VvfT^s^ /fi§k/ n0 °^ ner internal remedy for catarrh
w v>^^^®^^^ \T^^ * na * w '^ * a * e tn0 P^ aCB °* Peruna.
Allow no one to persuade you to the
x , g^y^7Tf\^; > contrary.
If you do not derive prompt and satisfactory results- from the use of Peruna.
write at once to Dr. Hartman. giving a full statement of your case, and he will
be pleased to give yon his valuable advice gratis.
Address Dr. Hartman, President of The Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus. Ohio.
ADVERTISEMENT*.
% """San Franciaco. Thursday, 30 July, 1903.
..•'¦.; ¦"..'.'..- ]¦¦':-.
i ¦ ¦
Special
mattress offer |
ends to-morrow night
Only, two days left of the sixty-day Avoven wire
special— to-day and 'to-morrow.* We positively will not
S accept an v order, at the special; figure — $2.65 — after Fri-
day. The regular price is $4.00.
. . This offer will not be repeated again — at least, not
for^a long, long time to -come:: s Even though you may
not. have immediate need for one, it would be a wise
plan v to. secure one of these mattresses for future use.
- . The fabric; is made of the best grade tempered
tinned' steel wire, closely -woven, and of a pitch which
gives extreme elasticity and - lasting power. On each
. edge of the fabric is a heavy wire cable, which gives
great strength where -most- woven wires are weak.
Strength, . elasticity and comfort absolutely guar-
f Only- the three regular sizes — single, three-quarter
and double sizes/at the special figure.
; (Successors to California Furniture Co.)
957 to;977/Market Street, Opp. Gbiden Gate Avenue^FOLSOM OFFICIALS WHO
WERE TAKEN PRISONERS
BY THE CONVICTS.
BUTTE. Mont.. I July 29.— Attorney ¦ D. - W.
Cotter of the; law firm of Cotter & McHatton.
leading counsel t or the ' HeLnze Interests, died
of caralysla to-nixhu
r.; BERLIN, "July. 29. — A proposal is on foot to
amalgamate - th« National . Socialist party and
the Radical Union and it Is said : that a Na
tional Socialist ; Congress. - which will -meet at
Gnettlnger Augunt 21) and SO will undoubtedly
acree to the amalgamation.
KARAMIE, Wye. July 20.— Dr. Wilbur
Clinton Knight, professor of geology and min
ing engineering In the University of Wyoming
and curator of the Etate Museum, died last
night of peritonitis. He was born at Rochelle,
111.. December .13. ISM. and t<c«» . graduated
.from the UnlvertHy of Nebraska. .
pACRAMENTO^ July 29.— William L.
..« .Cotter, 'the guard who was killed at
Folsom prison, last. Monday, was
buried in this city to-day from the resi
dence of his daughter, Mrs. J. II. Byers.
A^large number of friends of the deceased
were' in. attendance. ' The -"guards of; Fol
sbm'prison sent two beautiful flo'ral pieces.
CLEVELAND, July 30— A special \ from
Meadvllle, Pa», says that A. B. Youngson,
who succeeds to .the chieftainship of the
Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers,
died at 2:40 o'clock this morning. .;,•:;::;
Chief Arthur's Successor Dies.
NEW YORK, July. 29.— It was announced
at the . Jamaica /track to-day that ; Oom
Paul," which ' ran such a miserable race
on Monady, dled.to7day.0f acute gastritis.
Racer Oom Paul Is Dead.
Folsom Victim
Buried From His
Daughter's Home
War Improbable, Says Kcrupatkin
LONDON. July 3O.-The St. Petersburg
correspondent of the Daily Mail reports
thaf General Korupatkln, . the Russian
Minister of War. who has Just returned
from the Port Arthur conference is ereat
ly pleased with the ' results of his tour
and communicated to the Czar that al
though a fairly strong party .In Japan
wanted war with Russia, the majority of
the people- seemed against it; that the
Mikado was well disposed' toward Russia!
The correspondent says that General
Korupatkin considers that. the situation
has been cleared for a long time and that
war is very, improbable
f^OREST HILL, July 29.— A
<* report has reached here that
five of the escaped convicts, heav
ily armed, were seen north of
Cool, heading in the direction of
forest Hill. Armed, deputies ar t e
watching the river and hills south
of here to-night. The excitement
is intense and many think the mili
tia should be sent in this direction.
pACRAMENTO, July 29.— The Gov-
ernor's ' office has " been notified that
¦tt Sheriff Mansfield of San Mateo Coun
.ty and a deputy have. arrived at Auburn,
Placer County, and that they might join
in the pursuit of the escaped convicts.
Colonel Seymour , has received a tele
gram from Captain Bond, -Commanding
Company A at Chico, stating that the en
tire company could be assembled at very
short notice should Its services be re
quired^ in connection with the Folsom
pi-ribn break.
TACOMA, Wash., July 29.— A letter from
State Grain Commissioner A. R. Smith re
ports a great change for th« better in the
grain situation in the Palouse country
The Commissioner says the hot wave
which has beetf dp-ing up the wheat and
inflicting great damage came to an end
on the 26th. and that subsequent weather
conditions were satisfactory, allowing the
withering crops to entirely recover The
Commissioner is informed by farmers
that the regular thrashing will commence
in two weeks, and that a crop of 20 De
cent of the returns of last year is expect
ed. The grain, however, is of excellent
Quality.
Conditions Better for Grain Crop.
Forest Hill's
People Desire
State Troops
Sixty-four greyhounds of class were en
tered last night for the meeting to be
held at Union Coursing Park on Sunday.
The draw resulted as follows:
Presidio Boy vs. Vina: ' Flying Pasha vs.
Full Moon;; Real Article .vs. Cook's Water;
Doreen'vs. America: Concord Boy vs. Man
hattan King: Ruby Sankey vs. Balendlne; Rub
ber Ankleg vs. Melrose; Fancy Free vs. Sem
pronlus; Rector vs. Wedgewood; Idaho Boy vs.
Otto; Tyrone Prince vs. Eagle; Reckless Acro
bat vs. Frisky Barbara; Pepper Hill vs. Viking;
Los Angeles vs. Belfast; Braw's Hill vs. Fair
Oaks; Cremo vs. Modest Beauty; Clarice vs.
Sylvan; .Rural Artfst vs. Silver Heels; . False
Alarm vs. Ben. Porter; Queen's Motto vs. Gam
bit; Roman Athlete vs. Jack Shovt; Mickey
Free vs. Firm , Fellow ; :¦ Plowman vs. - Ragged
Actor;: Cascade vs. Lord. Brazen; E&?tlake vs.
Reno; My 'Bonnie King .vs. Red Rock; Fair
Tralee vs. TlUle R; Krishna vs. Flaunt; Tralee
Boy vs. Barge; Flying Fox vs. Liberator; Ren
egade Apache vs. Bonnie Pasha; Game -Boy
vs. Master , Rockot.
Sixty-Four Fliers Are Entered for
This Week's Competition at
Union Park.
Chico Troops
in Readiness
for the Scene
jpjBVRX, July 29.— Sheriff
•/X Bosquit of Placerville re
ports that three of the convicts
were seen at 5 o'clock this even-'
ine on the ridge south of Cool,
wrifc iili-iiiiiiiiir fc i ¦, ¦". ¦¦. ,- " V~%,~ - ¦ ¦ - - -
Sheriff Says
Convicts Are
Close to Cool
covered the convicts. Both sides
opened fire, but if any effective
shots were made no report of it
has been received here. The con
victs avoided a decisive encounter
and are supposed to have made
a circuit and are now thcught to
be working back in the general
direction of Coloma.
Brainard F. Smith, clerk at the
prison, has notified all points in
the vicinity of the scene of this
morning's encounter which can
be reached by telephone of the
presence of the convicts.
Continued From Page 1, Column 4.
y^ALLEJO, July 29.— Edward Davis,
# Vpne of the fugitives from Folsom,
was employed at Mare Island in 1901.
While under the influence of liquor he
robbed a man on a street in San Francis
co and was arrested by the police of that
city. He was sentenced to thirty-three
years In Folsom. .Davis Is a Spanish-
American war veteran, which fact partly
accounts for his employment at the navy
yard.
EVENLY MATCHED HOUNDS
IN COURSING STAKE
Convict Davis
Well Known at
the Navy Yard
The .passengers say that the Spanish
Consul requested the authorities at -La
Guayra to give him permission to attend
the meetings of the Claims Commission.
It is alleged, that the Prefect of the Com
mission replied In a letter in which he
spoke of the Consul as. "the son ; of ; pil
lagers" and subsequently distributed
printed copies of the letter in the streets
of La Guayra. The Federal authorities
are then said to have withdrawn the Con
sul's exequatur without notifying the
Spanish Minister.
PORT OF SPAIN, Island of Trinidad,
July 29.— The Spanish Consul at La Guay
ra, Venezuela, has been deprived of his
exequatur, according to passengers who
have Just arrived from La Guayra.' The
action Is the result of friction between
the Consul and the local authorities over
the Spanish claims in his district aganst
Venezuela, ' B8*
VENEZUELA INVITES
THE WRATH, OF SPAIN
Madrid's Consul at La Guayra Is
Insulted and Deprived of
Exequatur.
"Sheriff Reese of Sacramento is here
and will go out again soon. Sheriff Bos
quit of El Dorado County is in the coun
try near Cool. There is little prospect of
getting any of the convicts to-night, as
they will not dare to move in: the dark."
"If they once show themselves our fel
lows will soon dig them out of the brush.
This is. an immense country to hunt over
and it is rough beyond description. It is
covered with chaparral. In which a man
may hide so effectually that he might be
a few feet away and a eearcher not see
him.
"The convicts are traveling pretty fast,
considering the conditions, as they can
not move an inch except in the daytime,
owing to the chaparral. The difficulties
are so creat that unless some of them
know a good deal about the country here
they are in "danger of getting lost. In
that event some of them might make a
run for the open trails and then our boys
would quickly be on them. All that my
men are complaining about is that they
have had no chance to use their ammuni
tion. > s --lr.
of four and one party of three, but
whether' they are entirely Independent of
each other or whether- they have an un- 
derstanding as to their, general, move
ments we can only guess.
"If there have been any shots ex
changed with the convicts since the fight
at Pilot Hill we do not know it and have
not seen anybody who does know of any
such thing. Our men have been in all the
places where the convicts might be sup
posed to visit, but they have steered clear
of euch places. The houses in this coun
try are few and far between and It would
be thought that they would make for a
hoiye to get something to eat or drink,
bu^not one of them has appeared at any
farmhouse in this neighborhood. It seems
to me that they can'tkeep out much
longer, for our information is that they
have not much of a supply of grub.
ROUGHNESS OF COUNTRY.
this afternoon. He said
Guardsmen 'Pursue the Convict Gang
With Difficulty An the Woods.
w OTUS. July 29.— Captain Swissler
m who is in the field in command ol
m the Placerville National Guard
"•company, arrived here .:t 4 o'cloch
"We have not seen any of the convicts,
though the scouts have discovered traces
of them as they are making their way
through the country. The country is so
rough and hard that they make scarcely
any trail except where they make a stop
ping place. Our scouts have been in all
directions over the country in this neigh
borhood and from the signs they have
discovered we have hope of locating the
escapes. We are about to change our
plans and will make another round up
of the country.
"It is evident that the convicts kept
together for a time but the tracks now
Indicate that they have split up into at
least three bands, though they may come
together later on. These maneuvers on
their part may be fqr the purpose of
throwing us off our guard and keep us
from guessing their real purpose. But
though we have not seen them, we feel
confident that the scouts have discover
ed enough to make sure of the general
direction in which the ccnvicts are try
ing to travel, which seems' to be toward
Georgetown.
CONVICTS IN PARTIES.
"As near as we can make out the men
are about seven miles from this point, or
at least the main body of them are in
the district thus indicated. There are
still eleven of the convicts in these moun
tains somewhere. I don't know that any
have entirely deserted the others, though
that may be as we are not sure about
anything except the general direction in
which they appear to be pointing. We
think that there are probably two parties
9 'z—i — « r~4it ~« . • • • .* ¦* ¦¦• ¦¦* ¦¦« »- » ¦¦• — • — * t t • • ¦
making toward Auburn. He
also reports thlt the Placerville
militia are on hot trail of the
other eight at Greenwood Creek.
PHILADELPHIA, July 29.— Champion
Young Corbett knocked out Jack O'Neill
of this city in the fifth round to-night at
the National Athletic. Club. The first
three and a half rounds were tame/ O'Neill
avoiding the champion's rushes. In the
fourth round O'Neill hit Corbett three
glancing blows on the jaw and was about
to deliver a fourth one when Corbett
dropped to his knees to avoid it.
This gave the local man confidence in
the fifth round, which proved fatal to him.
He met Corbett's rushes and in an un
guarded moment received a terrific right
hand punch on the jaw which sent him to
the floor and he was counted out.
Philadelphia Lad Receives Punch on
the Jaw in the Fifth
Round. i.
- The only hope at present is that they
will be discovered at any minute when
compelled to get out of hiding or seek
water and food. It is • known that they
have but little ammunition with them and
that they were almost played out when
they set some of the guards'- free last
Monday evening. Escape for the convict
band is declared to be impossible by men
who know the vicinity of the ground 'in
El Dorado County in which the posses are
now working. %
CHAMPION" CORBETT
KNOCKS OUT O'NEILL
y^OLSOM, July 29.— This has been a
§4 day of keen' expectation and anxiety
at the prison. From early morning
hundreds of rumors filled the air. Clerk
Smith of the penitentiary has been kept
busy all day answering and sending tele
phone messages to El Dorado County.
Shortly aftea daybreak information
reached here that the convicts had been
surrounded at a point near Greenwood.
Then messages were received from Placer
ville that the convicts had been corraled
in a gully some miles from Pilot Hill, but
this was, proven to be false.
It is the opinion here that the convicts
have hidden in the dense brush and will
wait for the darkness of night to try and
"get through the guarded lines. It is evi
dent that the murderous gang has split
up into* a few parties and will try and
get away toward Lake Tahoe.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
STATE TROOPS FIND
TRAIL OF CRIMINALS
News Arrives
in Fragments
at the Prison
District Attorney Seymour and the
prison officials had one of the cellmate*
of Harry Eldridge, one. of the escapes,
before them yesterday afternoon. They
decline to give the name of this convict.
From him they learned that he had told
a trusty that something was wrong with
the men and that he had better warn the
lieutenant of the day watch: The trusty
told this convict to report the matter to
Guard Cochrane. but he was unable to do
so for the reason that illdridge and
Woods kept at his side afterward. El
dridge and Woods were among the first
to get out of the line and make the at
tack on the office of Captain of the Guard
Murphy.
Eldrldge's. cellmate told the officers at
the examination that last Sunday night
Eldridge questioned him about the coun
try in which the escapes have sought ref
uge. This occurred after the prisoner?
had all been locked in their cells for the
night. Eldridge then showed his fellow
convict the rifle balls which he had and
said he was to have received more of
them, but the person who was to have
brought them got "cold feet." Elrfrldge
told his cellmate that he was going to
"get out," and asked him to Join with
him. He Eldridge he would have
nothing to do with any jail break and said
Eldridge was foolish to attempt it. El
dridge then pulled a knife from under his
shirt and threatened to kill hla fellow
prisoner if he ever said a word to any
free man about what he had told him.
The next morning Eldrldge watched his
cellmate closely, but the latter managed
to hastily impart a word of warning to a
trusty, advising him to tell Lieutenant
KIpp of the threatening danger, but the
trusty did not pay any attention to the
warning, telling the prisoner to '»<££>
Cochrane. The prisoner said if Eldridge
saw him talking to a free man he would
kill him. Eldridge and came up
to the former's cellmate and he had no
further chance to talk to the trusty.
line to go out to work, when the asaault
°S C us"idon is directed to a convict named
Smalding as one who assisted In perfect-
In* the plans for the escape. The of
ficials are I Quite sure he placed the tfyna
mite^ so the conspirators could get it.
This Is the dynamite with which it was
Intended to blow up the armory post if
the guards made a fight. The investiga
tion on this line has not been concluded.
Juan Martinez, a convict, is given much
credit by the prison officials for the part
he took in assisting the officers. When
the attack on Guard Chalmers occurred
Martinez was standing near the captaln'3
office. He rushed to the guard's assist
ance and engaged In a struggle with one
of the convicts who was assaulting Chal-
One of the attacking convicts struck •*¦
Martinez with his knife, but the latter
dodged the blow and the knife blade
struck the cement floor and broke. Mar
tinez then grabbed the bell rope and gave
the alarm from that quarter. Dr. Flant,
the prison physician, says Martinez
fought like a demon. Martinez is totally
blind In one eye and the vision of the
other is defective. He lost his eye
through septic poisoning while nursing
one of the convicts. It is very likely hi*
loyalty ¦„ to the prison authorities will too
rewarded with a pardon or a parole.
"If you are going to try me for any
thing I will do it then, but will say no
more now. I am done."
Myers and Leverone were questioned by
District Attorney Seymour and Captain
of the Guard Murphy as to t.Vir :con
nectlon with the conspiracy to escape, but
they denied they, participated in it and
stoutly maintained they had no knowl
edge of it. They also claimed they, did
not assault Chalmers and had merely re
turned, to the prison through the gate to
avoid getting into the difficulty.
Guard Carey subsequently investigated
the cell which Leverone occupied and dis
covered a shirt of Leverone's from wnlch
several pieces - had been . cut on which
there were blood spots. . These pieces had
been thrown into the "waste can. Blood
was also discovered on the back of the
shirt, showing plainly he had participated
in the assault. Leverone was called into
the office to explain this circumstance,
but as soon as he was questioned about
it'ho said:
"Do you suppose I am going to r'.t
here and* answer nil the questions you
are going to put to me?"
"Why, yes," said District Attorney Sey
mour.
He replied that he would not dc- it then,
but at what he designated as t*>,e proper
time he would tell what he knew.
It was stated by some of the eye-wit
nesses that William A. Leverone; one of
the convicts, who Is doing forty-five years
for robbery, was engaged in assist in;
Myers in his attack on Chalmers. Both
Myers and Leverone returned to the main
prison through the gate immediately after
the assault upon the officers and guards.
This was rather puzzling to the officers,
for they could not understand why they
did not carry out their design of escaping.
It appears, however, that while they were
engaged In their attack some chots were
fired and it Is probable that Myers and
Leverone heard these shots, imagined that
the guards had opened fire and as &
matter of safety they rushed into' i.\&
prison. It was soon too late for them
to Join their confederates, who were
crossing the prison grounds on their way.
to freedom.
It appears that W. A. Chalmers, the
outside gatekeeper. -was attacked by two
prisoners and received a severe cut on his
right hand. "Andy" Myers has been
Identified by some as one of the convicts
who assaulted Chalmers.
The District Attorney examined a nuny
ber of convicts, and while no Information
was officially" given out by him or by-
Warden Wilkinson, it is positively learned
to-night that these two officials are satis
fied that there was no wide-reaching plot
for one hundred or more convicts to be
liberated by the plan carried out last
Monday. It was learned that the colored
convict, Seavis, only jumped Into the
ranks of the flghtins-eonvicw when he
saw that they had Warden Wilkinson and
other officials in their power.
In an Investigation of the outbreak.
Statements of several eye-witnesses,
guards and trusties were taken for the
purpose' of determining whether some of
the prisoners who ' did not escape had
been engaged In the plot to secure free
dom.
SACRAMENTO, July 29.— Pi3trlc.
ft Attorney A. M. Seymour returned
B from, the Folsom State Prison late
*^ this evening, bavins been engaged
Ssecial Dispatch to The Call.
Mrs. Holmes *as again shown the pho
tographs of the escaped convicts and she
rfcndily picked' out the photographs of
"Red Shirt" Gordon and Theron. It is
quite noHsible for Theron to have come
back from El Dorado and joined Gordon
yesterday in the vicinity of Folsom. The
officers of Sacramento are keeping a
rharp watch for Gordon on account of his
threats to murder Superior Judge Hart,
who sentenced him to forty-five years in
Folsom prison. .*•"¦"-
Jlrtned Men
JIre Searching
the Forests
"Bcrore they got to the corner where
the road turns I was surprised to see them
crawl under the barb wirt^ence and get
h.'.o the orchard. They crossed the ¦ or
tnard and o.eappcared. I thought It was
very strange that they should have
crawled under the fence instead of walk
ing on the main road which runs along
side the orchards. That is why I notified
the officers. -v
"One of 'he men wore a guard's coat
and the otucr had on a khaki coat. They
wore a. mixed lot of clothes: there was
nothing regular about their clothing.
They had something bulky under their
clothes, and 'rom the way they walked it
seemed as if tk.ey had rifles hidden. It
looked as if the barrels of the guns were
ptuffed down their trousers and the butts
of the rifles were under their coats."
"It was at 3 o'clocL yesterday when I
was in front of our place. This house
There we live is called Placerville switch,
as the trains switch here for that point.
The two me- were coming over the hill
toward my place and the railroad track.
1 was very ; lxious to get some news of
xny husband, who is out with the posses.
Whe - . the men came up to me they de
manded a- drink of water and wanted to
know the time. Thpv told me to go
quick and fir. i out w.'.at time It was. I
gave them t v e water and then they start
ed to walk back in the direction they had
come from. Then they turned round and
p. .reeded -:, ward the track and the wag
on road.
When Mueller responded the strange
man pquatud down on the steps as If to
o neeal , his height. Mueller turned h!s
back for~a minute and the man, unnoticed,
fled. Mueller followed his footsteps and
when he got to the top of a knoll he saw
the strange man running away in the dis
tance. The locality is close to the Ameri
.n River bottom and Mueller thinks the
man sought the brush nfar the river. His
description agrees with that of Gordon. •
Yes. rday two strange men called at the
house of Mrs. J. L. Holmes and demand
ed a drink of water and also asked the
time of day. The rough appear
ar.-.e of the men and their strange ac
tions alarmed Mrs. Holmes and she noti
fied Constable J. H. Donnelly of Folsom.
The Constable organized a posse and set
out on the trail of the two men. but
failed to find them. This morning the
same mm were seen near Perkins, which
1* six miles from Sacramento. They called
at a farmhouse and asked for breakfast
and then proceeded in the direction of
Sacramento.
Officers have been on the lookout for
the men, b*;* no trace, of them has been
reported up to this evening. Mrs. Holmes
was seen this afternoon and she made
the following statement:
.ASKED FOR THE TIME.
idenfty was not disclosed, had left
their fellow conspirators and were head-
V,g for Sacramento, much alarm has been
felt by the country people in this vicinity,
and they have been watching: for the ap
pearance of o-e or both of the fugitives.
The report reached the Police Depart
ment at a late hour this afternoon that a
f trance man answering the description of
Oordon hi^u appeared near Perk^is Sta
tion, a few miles east of. this city, secured
food and »*en mysteriously disappeared.
•""he Incident caused quite a sensation in
the neighborhood.
The Call correspondent to-night visited
the scene of the appearance of the str&ge
man and found that the subject /vad
greatly ajrltated the people of the lo<f| ity.
Max Mueller, who conducts a blacksmith
chop on the M-street road, said the man
appeared at the house of his sister. "Mrs.
F-rtha Puschel, this morning and received
lood. He asked for more and carefully
placed it in his pocket as If he Intended it
for another. Mrs. Puschel became alarmed
at th*» man'i. strange And' hunted look and
called to her brother from his shop.
MYSTERIOUS VISITOR.
smm ACRAMENTO, July 29.— Ever since
fi the report was given out that Con
jk vict P. M. Gordon known as "Red
*J Shirt, ' and another escape whose
£x*cial Dispatch to The Call.
Sacramento People
Disturbed by
Reports.
Blood Is Discovered
in the Cell of a
Convict
Jingry Lawbreaker
Calls at Resi
dences.
Conspiracy Is Said
to Have Been
Confined.
REVENGE,
CRIMINAL'S
PURPOSE
OUTBREAK
THE PLAN
OF A FEW
CONVICT "REDSHIRT" GORDON IS NEAR SACRAMENTO
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, tlULY 30, 1903.
4GRANTED WRIT OF HABEAS CORPC3 —
A writ of habeas corpus in the case of Walter
IMmmick was issued .yesterlay. returnable la
the Supreme Court before Judge'Beatt* M«a
day. August 3, at 2 o'clock.
H. S. Smith, about 60 years of age. a
"sandwich" signboard man. died suddenly
at 12:30 o'clock this morning in the hall
way of the Montana House, 7S4 Mission
street. It was thought that death was
due to cirrhosis of the liver.
Elderly Man Dies Suddenly.
SANTA CRUZ. July 29.— This, morning
Thomas W. McPherson, son of Duncan
McPherson. editor of the Sentinel, died
here of an illness contracted in Santa
Rosa; where he had gone with the Inten
tion of purchasing an interest in the Re
publican, owned by A. B." Lemmoh. De
ceased was a graduate of the State Uni
versity and was a teacher in the schools
of Santa Cruz and Watsopvillo befora go
ing to ' Hahf ord, wftere he recently ; re
signed as principal of schools, f He was
a member of the • Native ¦ Sons and v the
Masonic order.
Death of Thomas W. McPherson.
Runaway Girl Found.
Pollcaman M. L. Tlerney saw. a young
¦girl early yesterday morning on Larkin
street, between Post and Sutter streets.
He epoke .to her and she said her name
was Isabel Magulre and she lived at 1015
Post Btreet. Tlerney took her there but
no one knew her. She then said she lived
at Geary and Wood streets and a lady
there told Tlerney that the girl was Isa
bel Hughes and she had run away from
her home In Emeryville. Her parents
were communicated with and yesterday
afternoon they called at the City Prison
and took her home. She' is only 11 years
of age. S59
¦ ? ¦
MACKINAC ISLAND. Mich.. July. 29.— At
the closing session of the Commercial Law
Leamie of America F. I*. Slddon of Washington
waTchosen president and H. G. W. Dlnkeleplel
of San Francisco third vice cresident.
Sir Thomas Lip ton said to-day that
there was no truth whatever in the report
that an exchange of captains of the two
Shamrocks, to* place Captain Bevis of the
Shamrock I in command of the challenger,
was contemplated. Sir Thomas also said
to-day : that he had heard nothing as to
any . race between, the Columbia and - the
Shamrock L
On his way up New York harbor later
Sir Thomas was for the first- time of
ficially recognized as of equal rank to an
admiral. When the Erin passed the New
York city police boat Patrol the latter
ran the shamrock. Sir Thomas' private
flag, to , her forepeak and saluted Sir
Thomas with thirteen guns, an admiral's
salute. HdH
ATLANTIC HIGHLANDS, -N." J., July
29.— The Shamrock III had only a sail
stretching trial to-day. After a twelve
mile run the yachts ran back to the Hook
while some changes were made in the
challenger. Later a half hour's spin was
taken.
Gives Sportsman Thirteen Guns as
Erin Passes Patr6l and Runs
; His Flag to Forepeak.
POLICE BOAT SALUTES
UPTON AS ADMIRAL
Adelbert J. Henry. 36 years of age, shot
himself through the head early . this
morning at his residence. 113 Minna
street. There was nothing In Henry's
manner at any time to cause his family
to suspect that he intended taking his
life. The tragic affair was so Adden s that
the greatest consternation prevailed In
the house, where there are other lodgers
living.
The friends of the man are of the
opinion that his act was entirely due to
family troubles.
After the shooting Henry was taken to
the Central Emergency Hospital, where
he was attended by Dr. Millar.- The doc
tor hold.* out no hope for the man's re
covery.
Family Troubles Supposed to Have
Prompted the Unfortunate,- .
Han's Rash Act.
ADELBEBT HENRY SHOOTS
HfMSEIiF THROUGH HEAD
Daniel O'Hanlon. nobert Aimew, Walter T.
Pi'.kington, Joseph Eilva. Fred C««atsa, Jame«
J Green, V. de Andre*. John Fay. Charles
nahwyler. Fred Rosttti. William Otelli. Gtorte
K^kamp. Frank Griffin. Henry Pet«ch. Joseph
l.h\ in At large— John Ryan and G. Iaecnert.
There will be a Democratic League
Club meeting of the Thirty-third Assem
bly District to-night at Silk's HalL Pre
clta avenue and Mission street, . for, the
purpose of selecting Democratic delegates
to be voted for at the comic* primary.
The Democratic Club of the Forty-fifth
Assembly District met last night at
Washington Square Hall and selected the
following delegates:
County Committee Meets.
oThe Democratic League Club of the
Forty-first Assembly District. Charles J.
Heggerty president, met last night and
decided to select a delegate ticket next
Monday evening. ¦•>£
Charles Burt>. Charles's. Peery. J. l\ McGln-
3 n *y. H - Simmon*. H«>nry Stamper. C. \.
dough. S. J. K«m!r.«ky. Leon Wand. Frank
o Z»charia«. John F. O'Keefe. J.iT. VtnaJ Jame.
OtTonnell. Matthew O'Brien. Edward I. Re
ran. Bert Rchlesfir.ger. Geor»e E. GallarbT,
William Ahern. William Dawe«, Thomas F.
? Mulcaby. Jaroe« A. Donnelly.
The Democrats of the Thirty-fifth Dis
trict have nominated for delegates to the
coming municipal convention: William A.
Kelly. John E. O'Brien. Oliver J. Olson,
Emile Luttringer. Dr. Charles E. Jones.
P. A. Clifford. Joseph M. Camming:, P. J.
Kennedy. Frank B. O'Reilly, Henry Van
Bergen. F. A. Lawler, T. E. Curran, WI1
kiam U McCarthy, Dr. Frederick A.
Grazer. John F. Byrne. William M. Can
sion. A. J. Rankcn. E. J. O'Rourke. v
There was a Democratic League Club
meeting of the Thirty-eighth Assembly
District In Power* Hall last night, and
the following delegates were selected: .
Democratic Clubs Elect.
Chang Chi Tung. Viceroy of Nankin,
is credited with the leadership of the
reactionary party, advising such a course
to the Empress Dowager, who will ac
quiesce. Prince Chlng is reported to
favor leniency. At the examinations re
cently held at Peking for the selection of
officials many of the candidates departed
from the usual custom of writing merely
scholarly essays and favored improve
ments In the Government. All who pur
sued this course were refused offices on
the advice of Chang Chi Tung. The
Dowager Empress is said to blame the
reformers and the increasing freedom of
speech for /the disorders in the south,
hence the repressive measures. Chang
Chi Tung has been made one of the pro
gressive Viceroys. He was appointed on
the joint Ministry of Education and was
recently ordered to revise the constitu
tion of the Peking University and form
a plain system for the provincial univer
sities. In the latter part of May he was
given an audience by the Dowager Em
press after the report of a conspiracy to
prevent him from going to Peking.
He then went gunning for Lincoln Dill
man, his victim's brother, but Lillie San
ford, his daughter, mounted her pony and
rode ahead, giving warning. Not finding
Dillman. Sanford went to Coulee City
and gave himself up. 'Sanford Is about
65 years of age : V, .? "
SPOKANE. July 29.— Mrs. Catherine M.
Northrup was shot and killed by James
Sanford last evening at his home on a
fruit ranch about twenty miles northwest
of Elmira, Wash.
Sanford had leased the ranch from Mrs.
Northrup. A quarrel arose and she tried
to evict him. Sanford went to town and
engaged legal advice. Instead of taking
it, he bought a revolver, went home and
shot Mrs. Northrup In the back of the
head.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COVINA, July 29.— Smarting tho
disgrace brought upon his family by the
recent sensational elopement of* his 15
year-old daughter, the Rev. Thomas Jent
has suddenly and without warning his
congregation placed his resignation In the
hands of the trustees of the First Bap
tist Church and, accompanied by his
daughter, has departed East without
telling his friends whither he was going.
His ' family will follow as soon as he
has located somewhere, but that will not
be- until he has placfd the girl In some
school where she cannNat be reached by
Carl Simmons," the young man who 'caused
all her trouble. About four weeks ago
the girl,- assisted . by Simmons, climbed
out of her windows-walked twelve miles
across country to Monrovia and boarded
a train for Kansas. Public indignation
was such when it was discovered that
Simmons was a party to the elogement
that Simmons was frightened into send
ing a telegram to the girl telling her to
return because he could not follow, and
Join her in Kansas, -She came back and
her father took her In chargeMt is known,
that the Rev. Mr. Jent, who is highly
respected here, felt keenly the publicity
caused by his daughter's unfortunate in
fatuation for young Simmons. The young
man "still remains here and it is said the
Rev. Mr. r Jent concluded suddenly. to re
move his daughter far from his Influence.
That may account for his failure, to an
nounce the particular place where they
are • going. To a friend the clergyman
stated he was going first to Texas, but
from there he did not know where he
would go." ' -¦".-¦'•, '¦. V • \
closed. Yesterday he informed a friend
that he, was working in the Interests of
the sugar trust in its efforts to secure
control of the. Clark sugar factory at Los
Alamitos.v He stated he had an option on
the property which would expire In thirty
days. 'In the San Joaquih Valley. he en
gineered several ; deals, some of them ' of
great /magnitude. , He had been an -; at
tache at several sessions of the California
Legislature. J • . ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TAN JOSE, July 29.— A sensational
suit for alimony and reimbursement of
funds was begun in the Superior Court
this mornirife, the defendant to the ac
tion being John F. Martin, for several
years past a resident of this. city. The
complainant is Mary Martin, the alleged
wife of the San Joseean. now residing in
Athena County, Ohio. The complaint al
leges adultery and avers that she and
Martin were married in A<hena County,
Ohio, on January 13, 1855, and lived to
gether until 1872, raising a f&mlly of six
children, three of whom have since died.
In the last • named year, without just
cause of any kind, the complainant re
cites, Martin left his wife and children,
some of them then quite young, and since
he has refused them attention or money.
The complaint alleges that through all
the years subsequent she struggled for a
livelihood for herself and children and to
educate the latter. This, she states, she
succeeded in doing, and now finds herself
in her old age broken in health and poor
in pocket, and, with the knowledge that
while her husband has. been false to his
marriage vows, he has accumulated con
siderable wealth, most of which is in
Santa Clara County. She now appeals to
the court here for a reimbursement by
him of the funds spent on the raising and
educating of their children, which Is fixed
at $3000. and the paying of alimony in the
sum of $100 per month during the rest of
her lifetime. She does not ask for a
legal separation.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Colonel de Leur was by birth a German
and could speak several languages fluent
ly. He is said, to have been regularly
inducted into the secrets of Brahminism
in India and was. one of the few Euro
peans who , have I had the experience. • He
was. an ardent. Republican and a cam
paign speaker of more than ordinary abil
ity. At one time he had' been ¦ an officer
in - the : German army. Where his . means
came from was a ' mystery, as the [ sub
ject was not one which he confided to in
timates. He was," however, always i sup
plied with ready funds.
Attimes Colonel de Leur would disap
pear mysteriouslyi from ;the city to make
aitrip toEurope for,the purpose of float
ing : enterprises. .: When * he "returned ; the"
object', of his 'visits was not always dis-
De I^eur was known In nearly all the
larger cities of -the State, for In almost
every section of the State he has/been
at dffferent' times interested in some pro
motion scheme, either real, estate, mining
or railway building ventures. ; Another
thing" which | made him well known was
his participating in nearly all tho, political
campaigns' during the past fifteen years
or more. . . .'>. " '..-'.;
Tho only known motive for suicide was
his fear of paralysis. Colonel de Leur
left home In this city yesterday, telling
his wife he was going to Santa' Ana,
and nothing more was heard of him until
his body was found. . He had been worry
ing greatly of late because his limbs were
becoming stiff and" he had repeatedly
stated he would rather die than suffer
a stroke of paralysis. ;
LOS ANGELES, July 29,— The lifeless
body of Colonel Albert de Leur was found
this morning on the beach a short dis
tance from Lone Beach. Near by ware
two bottles almost empty, one containing
whisky and the other chlora!, and the
condition of the body as disclosed by the
post-mortem examination showed that he
had swallowed a sufficient quantity of the
latter drug to have produced death. It
Is thought therefore that he committed
suicide. v
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Rancher Kills Woman
as Result of Busi
ness Quarrel.
Colonel De Leur Takes
His Own Life >at*
Long Beach.
Rev. Thomas Jent Gives
Up Pastorate and __:
Goes East.
Ohio Woman Brings Suit
Against Prominent
San Josean.
EVICTION SUIT
CAUSES MURDER
DEATH RATHER
THAN PARALYSIS
CLAIMS MARTIN
IS HER HUSBAND
LEAVES CHARGE
FOR DAUGHTER
EL DORADO COUNTY HOSTELRY WHICH HAS FIGURED PROMINENTLYjN THE STORY OF THE PURSUIT OF THE FOLSOM CONVICTS AND THE
TERRIFIC BATTLE FOUGHT AT THE TOWN OF PILOT HILL. THE LOWER PICTURE SHOWS A PARTY OF NATIONAL GUARDSMEN ON
WAY TO THE TOWN OF GREENWOOD. * -
The names of forty residents of Peking,
who are accused of liberal tendencies.
were presented to the Dowager Empress
to-day by the reactionary officials, who
recommended that they be severely pun
ished. Those accused are considered
guilty of only what in enlightened coun
tries would be termed legitimate criticism
of the Government. This Is said also to
be true of the native journalists Imprison
ed at Shanghai, except in the case of two
of them, who suggested the assassination
of the Manchu rulers as a remedy for
China's troubles. AH foreigners and pro
gressive Chinese are deeply interested in
the decision which the Ministers will
make on the question of turning over the
native editors arrested at Shanghai to
Chinese jurisdiction and they express the
hope that technicalities concerning the
Jurisdiction of the mixed court will be
ignored If necessary and that the Min
isters will refuse on the ground of hu
manity to deliver the prisoners to the
Chinese for probable torture and execu
tion, as happened In the case of the Chi
nese who were turned over to the Chinese
officials at Shanghai during the Japanese
war.
PEKING, July 29.— The Chinese who are
advocating Government reforms have
been terrorized by the readoption of the
old policy of repression as instanced by
the recent arrest at Shanghai of Chinese
editors on charges of sedition. These ar
rests are interpreted here as Indicating
that the extreme conservatives are in the
ascendency and that the Government has
determined to suppress the freedom of
speech, -which has prevailed since the up
heaval of 1900.
Government's Change of
Policy Terrorizes
Reformers.
CHINESE EDITORS
UNDER ARREST
Independent Republicans of the Thirty
first Assembly District crganized a club
last night at Eintracht Hall, Twelfth
Ftreet near Folsom. James E. Finn Was
elected president.
* A Republican club of the Forty-fourth
Assembly District, H. V. Morehouse
chairman, met at Apollo Halt last night
and appointed an executive committee
to select delegates to be voted for at the
primary election.
A Republican club of the Thirty-fourth
Assembly District will held a meeting to
night at Duveneck's Hall, corner of Twen
ty-fourth £*id Church streets. Many of
the best known political speakers in the
city will address the audience.
•
Republican Clubs Meet
'gie people of California who eon
tribut- .ast Fi;nn of money to main
tain two penitentiaries will sure
ly %>accept the news cf Aguirre's peti
tion v^ be appointed captain of the yard
a* arTother surprising revelation. The
Surprise will become greater when the
fact is considered that public sentiment
throughout the State demanded a change
in the Aguirre management of affairs at
San Quenlin. There is no indication that
Warden Tompkins and the State Prison
Direltors have any notion of perpetuat
ing the Aguirre regime under any guise,
but the fact racists, nevertheless, that the
outgoing Warden finds the surroundings
at San Quentin so agreeable and the cli
mate of Marin County eo enchanting that
he is willing to remain there In a subor
dinate place.
The' favo- may be extended to Warden
Wilkinson, who wa& unwillingly detached
frc!?£i Folsoir. a few days ago to perform
escort C-luty for a party of convicts who
fr?ft the penitentiary without consulting
th«> manapem^nt.
If thpre is any particular function which
Da influential leading' citizen is e\ r er
r*"-ady to perform it is the semi-automatic
.act signing a petition for some one
to bir appointed to public office. Seme citi
zens make it a rule to indorse several ap
plicantv for the same place, leaving the
appointing power to infrr that the ap
.r > eln£r)~nt of any cne of those recom
nr?n<2ra would be appreciated by the In
dr?r*er. it may happen in thJs instance
that business m^n and the agents of cor
porations who have perfunctorily signed
tlio Aguirre petition will treat ether ap
pihants ¦ xith the- same degree cf favor.
tions -id mcTca.r.tile firms have been in
v'.ted to recommend him to the new ad
¦r.iiOstration. There is gossip to the ef-
Eeft that the Warden has ob
jta&Md some influential signatures to his
petition.
Martin Aguirre, whose career as War
den otf rSan Quentin prison will termi
nate on or before September 1, is so de
ligh^d with Marin County as a summer
and winter resort that he is anxious to
mr.airyjit the penitentiary in a subordi
nate capacity. He has announced his
readiness to accept the position of cap
tain of the yard under the new regime of
Warden Tompkins. Several prominent
':r«-n and a number of leading corpora-
This is an outrage to stigmatize Captain
Howard as a suicide, when the evidence so
plainly points to murder. I will get every
pency I can find to sift this thing to the bot
tom by private means.
When they were leaving the room one of the
jurors. I think .It was J. S. Llnscott. told me
that when they called Coroner Mehrmann Into
the Jury-room on a point of information tho
sentiment then stood seven in favor of a mur
der verdict to one opposed. According to - Lin
scott's statement, the Coroner swung the ma
jority around to the suicide verdict.
i Leon Newman, one of the lessees of tha
Russ House, was present in the absence
of his brother. Charles Newman, to tell
what he knew t of the dead man's move
ments. Leon Newman said that Captain
Howard's absence from the hotel was
noted July 9. He had never heard Howard
speak In a despondent tone and could not
explain the week's time elapsing from tho
date at which he left the hotel to the
day of his death. Gus ' H. Schmidt of
1912»~ Jones street, a |:Ierk at the Russ
House, next added his testimony.
Dr. C. F. Gladding, the autopsy sur
geon, who performed the post-mortem
examination, then took the stand. He
declared that the fracture of the skull
extending the entire length of Captain
Howard's head from behind the right ear
to the nose was probably due to the fall
to the ground after he fired the fatal
shot. Deputy Coroner C. H. StreighUf.'
who was present at the autopsy, testified
that no such fracture could be made save
by a blow from some blunt Instrument.
After all the testimony in the case had
been taken, the Jury rendered the verdict
oi suicide, after long deliberation.
R. W. Turner, who came down from
Victoria to review the testimony In the
case, was greatly incensed "at the result
of the deliberations and boldly states that
it was effected by irregular conduct on
the part of Coroner Mehrmann. He said:
To the testimony which was developed
on Monday evening were added details of
the contents of Captain Howard's private
papers, now at the Russ House with the
remainder of his baggage. Since it was
the absence of this testimony which had
caused the Jury to postpone its decision on
a verdict at its former meeting, the case
was closed with the hearing of a Call re
porter who had examined the dead man'd
papers.
After deliberating for one hour and a
half last night the Coroner's Jury called
to investigate the death of Captain Thom
as Howard "of Victoria in West Berkeley
oji July 17 brought in a verdict declaring
that he met death by his own hand. R.
W. Turner, the dead man's relative, who
was'present as a witness at the inquest.
declares that In view of the evidence, tha
verdict of the jury is ridiculous and even
goes so far as to state that undue Influ
ence was brought to bear upon them by
Coroner Mehrmann of Alameda County.
He says that he will see to it that the
mysterious death of Captain Howard is
investigated by private detectives.
The meeting of the Jury, which was
postponed from Monday night on account
of the absence of one witness, resulted In
the verdict of which the text follows:
' We. the Jury, do" find that the name of tha
deceased was Thomas Howard, "a native of
Canada, aged about 62 years: that he came to
his death at the rear of an old barn, known as
the Brennan barn, near San Pablo avenue and
Harrison street. West Berkeler. Alameda Coun
ty. California, some time after 1 p. ra. July
17, 1JXXJ. and that dMth was caused by a gun
ehot wound in the head, inflicted by his own
hand, with an Intent to commit suicide c\
R. Lord (foreman). J. a Llnscott. C. R. Hoes
ali. H. Martin. George Schmidt, C. H. Town
send. William Kelley. John Fitzpatrick.
Outgoing Warden Will
ing to Remain at
s San 'Quentin.
Jury's Verdict Declared
Preposterous by R
W. Turner.
MARTIN AGUIRRE
AFTER A PLACE
a here are now one hundred and fifty
untied men in El Dorado County and
rra -".y half tha' lumber of newspaper re-
T^rterp, photographers and adventurers.
The affair has greatly terrorized what few
lien there are In the locality, although no
ham ha? as yet been shown them.
Pilot Hill. Her home Is about a
isHe.-nd a half from the scene of the bat
tle vith the escaping convicts.
It ¦was at her house that the officers
c^rgT-pated before the Monday afternoon
conflict. She went to Pilot Hill unaccom
panied, ascertained that the convicts were
th^re vhat they were doing and their
i Mmber and came back and gave the in
formation to the officers, who then divided
and attempted to surround them. As they
were leaving the village the shooting took
pl*»ce.
July a.— The officers
J&J& here are generous of praise of
m Jfjf the coura ceous action of Mrs.
** A Molly Nance, who liv.es near
£p«clal Dii-patoh to The CalL
Region Is Crowded
With Hunters
of Men.
Guard C. L«. Taylor with a force of vol
unteers and deputies has been hunting
order came ' from Sheriff Bosquit
to have the militia assembled at Lotus
and then, report to Black Rock ravine.
Three of the convicts, supposed to be the
ringleaders, Seavls, Howard and Woods,
were • seen near Cool and were followed
for a long distance by two unarmed farm
ers. The convicts appeared tired and de
jected. They, were apparently making for
Black Rock ravine.
y OTUS. July 29.-A11 day National
& Guard ¦ detachments have been
M^. scouring the . hills In the vicinity
"¦» of Bassi ranch., At 1 o'clock an
HOLD HOWARD
KILLED HIMSELF
about Lotus all day, as it was expected
that the convicts might make a descent on
Lotus for provisions. By this time they
are entirely out of food, as when they
jumped from the wagon at Pilot Hill they
took scarcely anything with them.
The party of criminals has from, the
start been handicapped by Convict Case.
Case was a partner $t Charles Mertle in
a famous robbery case and was in prison
for life. He has always been afflicted
iwlth rheumatism." which attacked him
spasmodically whenever anything occur
red to excite him. In this case he had
only gone two miles from prison when he
collapsed and had to be carried. Gordon.
who left the party at this period, gave
as a reason that they never could get
away if they stuck to Case.
Now the departure of the three sup
posed ringleaders leaves a party of eight. s
who are said to be at a point between
Cool and Glenwood and are being rapidly
surrounded by the forces. If they get
away It will be a miracle unless they de
sert Case and leave him to his fate. They
do not appear inclined to do this. The
place where they are now located Is in a
rough, stony, hilly and sparsely popu
lated country. Scattering trees and
scrubby underbrush furnish good hiding
places. It is generally conceded that they
are trying to make for the nearest rail
road point, as they are all from Eastern
points.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
* -.- ¦¦¦¦¦
Assistance Is Given
the Assembled
Pursuers.
Supposed Ringleaders Jlre Seen and
Appear Dejected and Weary.
FARMERS ON TRAIL
OF THE CRIMINALS
BRAVERY
SHOWN AT
PILOT HILL
COUWGEOUS WOMAN WlNS PLAUDITS OF THE POSSES
THE SAN VEAKGISCO CALL, THURSDAY; JULY 30, 1903.
5It seems an idle waste of time to censure the fre
quent jawbone assaults of William Jennings Bryan
upon ex-President Cleveland. These attacks serve
to keep Bryan busy enough to prevent him from the
perpetration of other mischief; they probably af
ford him some amusement, and under no possible
construction do they work harm to any one.
IT appears certain that France and Great Britain
are about to enter into a general arbitration
treaty for the settlement of all questions that may
arise, between them or between their respective na
tionals. This takes both nations out of The Hague
court, as far as* issues between them are concerned,
and perhaps it is the beginning of the dissolution of
that court before it has been fairly put in operation.
Something of this kind was feared when the court
was created at the Peace Conference and members of
the tribunal were permitted to practice before it.
Sir Julian Pauncefote proposed to forbid this, but was
outvoted.
Inasmuch as all judicial officers are forbidden to
practice before their own or other courts, it will be
seen at once that permission to appear as attorneys
before this highest court of its own members is de
structive of its character. Since the nations selected
their* members of The Hague tribunal the conduct
of certain of them has scandalized it. Notable
among such acts is that of Von Bar, one of the Ger
man membcra, who has rented himself out for a fee
to write an opinion in review of an international de
cision of which a petty shyster would be ashamed
His conduct is likely to lead to a diplomatic request
that Germany withdraw" him as a: member of The
Hague court, and certainly any party to an issue
therein will reject him, not only on the ground that
being a member of the court he should not sell his
opinions, but that the opinions for which he takes a
price are full of falsehood and misrepresentation.
If France and Great Britain make the proposed
agreement The Hague court can be • saved only by
forbidding practice to its members and by insisting
that such disreputable members as Von Bar be
taken off the panel. ¦ v . t ' » '*.•%"¦
DISCREDITING THE HAGUE.
A few weeks more and we will.be in the midst
of the hubbub, confusion and turmoil of local poli
tics. The orator will be abroad in the land, our be
loved English will be murdered, a new set of officers
will be chosen to take the places of the old, and we
will all settle down again to the even tenor of old
friendships. Friction is life.
Cassius M Clay owed his long life mainly to his
skill as a fighter at critical junctures. Partly, too,
he owed it to accident. In describing one of his
many fights Clay tells how an opponent once fired
at him within srm's length, but Clay escaped un
"mr*. After the fight was over an examination was
ma'te. and Clay says, "It was found that the ball, as
T pulled up the scabbard of my bowie knife in
dra— ing the blade, had entered the leather near the
point, which was lined with silver, and there lodged."
Perhaps, then, one way to have a long life is to
car ..' a bo-*ie knife with a scabbard lined with silver.
W^en Leo was sick he had the best physicians in
<*?ome to attend him and he did whatever they said,
but when Clay was sick he barricaded his house and
threatened to kill any doctor that dared to enter it
Thus their attitudes toward death were as different
as their attitudes toward life. There are some who
s«y the doctors killed the Pope by overtreatment.
There are others who say that doctors could have
saved Clay had they been permitted to take care of
him. Such statements are worth nothing. All that
can be truly said is that Leo's life serves "to point
a moral and adorn a tale," while Clay left a story
"at which the world turns pale." There is much to
be learned from the two to help a man to live rightly,
but nothing that will assure him the certainty of liv
ing tang.
-f his favorite doctrines. It is therefore to be re
gretted that just as Leo was showing the world how
to live long by being good and serene Cassius M.
Clay was showing how one could live a little longer
than Leo by being what is called a "hell of a man,"
One of the moralists in commenting upon Leo's
life says: "A sound mind in a sound body, a healthy
:i^.d sympathetic interest in humanity, a sane and
natural love of life, a spiritual sweetness that assured
unfailing soul-poise, go far to account for the vital
for-e of the frail old priest of 93, who has now put
oJ his mortality. The perfectly balanced man. phy
i-icaliy and psychologically, lives a long and useful
rid happy life, closed by a tranquil death."
That doctrine sounds beautifully, and doubtless it
is «.ne proper thing to teach the masses, but unfor
tunately it dees n*.t fit the facts. A good many men
of -y. -client balance, mental and physical, have caught
cold or slipped on a banana-peel and died young. A
good many unbalanced people, with brains awry and
bod,.s frail and feeble, have lived a long time. In
deed Leo himself was not physically well balanced,
for he was more or less of an invalid all his life, and
there has been recently published a poem written by
him in his twentieth yeaf in which he speaks of his
frail body 2nd the imminence of death even at that
early period.
FROM the long life of Pope Leo moralists are
now drawing lessons for the edification of those
who wish to live in good health to extreme old
sg« and possibly attain their hundredth year. As
the life of Leo was a beautiful one, so the lesson
¦drawn from it is beautiful. The moralist could
hardly have a better theme upon which to preach his
finest s'.'raon, or a better illustration to cite in proof
LESSONS IN LIFE.
AT a national contention of State Dairy and
Food Commissioners held at St. Paul Pro
fessor Wiley of the Bureau of Chemistry of
the Department of Agriculture made a partial re
port of resultS'-obtained from his experiments with
various kinds of preserved foods and announced that
a full report would be made in October. The experi
ments have attracted a great deal of attention
throughout the country, and many exaggerated
reports and misrepresentations concerning • them
have been circulated, so it is gratifying to know
that the exact truth will soon be made public.
A full report of the proceedings of the convention
has not reached us, but a summary of the statements
of Professor Wiley says: "The result so far as the
experiment has gone in relation to prepared foods
is that those chemically preserved are not desirable;
that foods can be preserved better by simple steriliza
tion, and that only 'in occasions of emergency or
exigency' is the use of chemical preservatives neces
saiy. Professor Wiley says that it may be well not
to make absolute prohibition of all preservatives, but
that most certainly every food in which a preserva
tive is used should be clearly, labeled on the package,
so that the purchaser and the consumer should
know what he is using. Chemical preservatives \n the
ultimate, if long used, are harmful. Professor Wiley
says that national and State legislation should be
made uniform, based on sound hygienic principles,
'free of any tendency to prosecute or annoy, and
supported by an enlightened public opinion both on
the part of the producers and consumers of food.' "
There is nothing in that statement to which any
honest manufacturer of foodstuffs can justly take ex
ception. The tests made by Professor Wiley of the
effects of eating chemically/ prepared foods appear
to have been sufficiently elaborate to render it safe
to draw positive conclusions from them. None of
the young men who volunteered to make the tests
suffered^ any great injury, but it seems there was
ample evidence to show that chemical preservatives,
while not immediately injurious to strong and healthy
persons, are, as Professor Wiley puts it, "undesir
able." That being so, there is no reason why food
stuffs preserved in that way should not be clearly
branded as "chemically preserved," so that con
sumers may know what they are getting. That would
be a simple way of doing justice all round and would
not in any way interfere with legitimate industry or
annoy manufacturers whose preservatives are harm
less.
PURE FOOD PROBLEMS.
A New York woman bought ah incubator that
looked very much like a refrigerator and placed it in
her cellar. Then she put two dozen fancy eggs in
the incubator and went down town. When the ice
man arrived the husband deposited the ice in the in
cubator instead of the refrigerator. On her return
the woman found the eggs frozen and the butter
melted. There was first a row and then a fight. Now
there is a suit for divorce on the ground of extreme
cruelty. All of which shows that men who manu
facture incubators like refrigerators should be in
dicted for inciting riots and interfering with domes
tic peace.
THURSDAY JULY 30, i°°3
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. _
/c dress AM Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manaoer.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
rrBLICATIOX OFFICE... Market and Third, 9. F.
EDITORIAL. ROOMS 217 to 221 SteTenson St.
Delivered by Carriers, 2O Cts. Per Week, 75 Ctz.
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
T>rm» by Mail. Including Postage (Cash With Order):
DAILY CALL (Including; Sunday), one yew f »•<*»
DAILT CALL flndudln* Eunday). « months +**>
DAILY CALL— By Blnrle Month '£•
KUXDAY CALL. On« Tear — °X
WEEKLY CALL, One Year *-°°
f Dally... f8.8O Per Tear Extra
FOREIGN POSTAGE i Bunday.. 4.15 Per Year Extra
I Weekly.. l.OO Per Tear Extra
All Postmaster* are authorised to reeelre
subscriptions.
6axnpl« copies will be forwarded when reo.ue»t*<l.
Mall subscribers In orderln* chance of addr«s» shooW be
particular to tfve both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
HIS Broadway..... Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE.
S14S Center Street Telephone North TT
C. GEORGE KROGJfESS, Mnnacer Foreign AdTer
tl«injr, Marquette Building;, Chicago.
<Lon* Distance Telephone ""Central 2C19.")
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MOHTO.V E. CRAAE 14O6 G Street, JT. W.
NEW YORK REPRESENT ATIVE:
. bTEPHES B. SMITH 3O Trllinne Balldlnar
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CARL,TO!C Herald Square
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS: '
Tr-Jdorf-Astorla Hotel; A. Brentano. SI Union Square:
Murray Hill Hotel; Firth-avenue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
-^.lerman Hcuse; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel.
Treracnt House; Auditorium Hotel; Palmer House.
DRA.VCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 8:80 o'clock. 800 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAlllcter, open until 8 :30 o'clock. CIS Larkln. open until {
'9:30 o'clock. 1841 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2281
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 10M Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 108 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until : o'clock. 2200 FiUmore, cpea until 9 p. m.
That is a big showing for a single year, but in all
probability it will be exceeded during the year to
come. Outside of the mere bigness of the sum, how
ever, there is not so very much on which to con
gratulate ourselves. Authorities who are in a posi
tion to know the facts assert that our democracy of
insatiable readers demands trash and compels the
libraries to furnish it. That is said to be especially
true 01 public libraries supported by taxation. One
critic says: "The librarian must stock his shelves
with current fiction and display every popular maga
zine, or the taxpayer has a grievance: He is not get
ting his pennyworth, and he will criticize and aim to
undo the work that the librarian carries on at public
cost if this agency for popular instruction should
give its care exclusively to serious literature."
Doubtless the critics are taking a pessimistic view
of the situation. They generally do. Still it is grati
fying to have the issue brought up for study and
review. If the readers are demanding the wrong
kind of books it may be found necessary for the .Car
negies of the future to endow libraries not with
funds to buy more books or erect new buildings, but
to employ instructors to tell people what to read
and how to read it.
WHEN Andrew Carnegie was growing to
manhood and bravely working his way to
wealth the thing he longed for most acutely
and found most difficult to get Was a good library.
Out of that unsatisfied desire of youth grew a reso
lution that if ever he became rich enough to do any
thing for poor boys he would found a free library.
He has become far richer than he ever dreamed of
in his most ardent hours of youthful expectation,
and now he is founding or promoting libraries by
the score. Having himself felt such a longing for a
library, he has of course believed that every one else
shared the feeling, and is doubtless surprised to find
how coldly .his. benefactions in that way have been
received in many quarters, and how indifferent a
very large percentage of the people are to what he
deems to be the best thing a community can have.
Mr. Carnegie does not perceive that, conditions
have changed materially in this country since the
days when he was a struggling youngster, and that
there is now no such pressing' need for more li
braries as there was in his time. Books of all grades
are cheaper and more plentiful. The book now sold
for a dollar or even a dime is no longer necessarily
a thing of trash. Most of th'e great classics and
some of the masterpieces of scientific exposition can
be obtained for comparatively small sums, and con
sequently men are no longer so dependent on li
braries as of old. Moreover, libraries are themselves
more numerous and more abundantly stocked than
they were. In bur American life, 'therefore, ,a lack
of books is by no means regarded as a long-felt want
by any considerable number of people.
So rapidly have libraries and books multiplied that
some critics complain we are reading too much. The
complaint is made not only of us, but of our British
cousins, who also have had the free library habit very
strong of late years. One of these critics says free
libraries "encourage habits of reading for the mere
purpose of killing time; they form and confirm the
practice of intellectual dissipation; they introduce
boys and girls and half-educated young men and
women to poems and fictions which, though not ac
tually immoral and warranting inclusion in the Index
Expurgatorius, inflame their passions and imagina
tions and have a most disturbing and unwholesome
effect; and they place in their way, often with the
most disastrous results, works on religious and
moral subjects for the perusal of which they are not
ripe."
Whether it be true or not that we read too much,
it is certain that the increase of libraries in this
country is going on at a great rate. At a recent
meeting of the American Library Association at
Niagara Falls a report was read showing the num
ber of notable gifts to American libraries during the
past year. The reports included no gift of less than
$500 in money or less than 250 volumes. A sum
mary of the report says: "Five hundred and eleven
gifts are recorded, representing in all 96,247 vol
umes and $10,306407 61. Of this amount $715,800
was given for general endowment funds, $86,700 for
building sites, $5,679,000 for buildings, from Andrew
Carnegie, $1,250,998 55 for buildings from various
donors, $108,060 for the establishment of book funds,
$101,577 46 for the purchase of books, and $1,363,
371 6b for purposes which were not stated. This
amount is made up for the most part of bequests and
presumably will be used largely for general endow
ment funds."
' LIBRARIES AND READERS.
j bushels more than the crop of 1961/ while as recently
as 1890 the wheat yielded but little more, than 20,000,
000 bushels, or about one-fourth of what the . State
expects to '"harvest this /summer. " These three States^
and one Territory now promise 240,000,000 bushels of
wheat, or more, -against less than 120,000,000 bushels
last year."
On the Pacific Coast the crops of all kinds prom
ise equally well. Our wheat crop may not come up
to early expectations, but other crops will be good.
We shall do more than our share in swelling Uncle
Sam's revenue from rural industries. In fact, there
is not likely to be any complaint from the railroads
of a lack of freight in any part of the West. We are
more likely to hear a repetition of the complaints of
the past two or three years of a lack of cars and
locomotives to handle the freight offered. The
West, indeed, is ready for big business. Her broad
acres have nojt felt the tremors of Wall street.
MOSAICS ADORN
CHURCH FACADE
AT STANFORD
SOME ANSWERS
TO QUERIES BY
CALL READERS
DAKOTA DIVORCE
IS NOT VALID IN
GREAT BRITAIN
KANSAS— Reader, City. Kansas is In
dian, and means smoky water.
DYING WORDS— Subscriber^ City. Tae
dying words of Thomas Jefferson were:
••I- resign iny soul to God: my daughter
to my country." j . •¦'."
INFALLIBILITY-Subscrlber City. In
fallibility of the Pope In regard to faith
and moral? was decreed by the \*" can
Council and promulgated July IS, 1S70.
ELECTION OF THE POPE-Subscrl
ber City. The manner of electing a Pope
has been fully described in the columns
of The Call since the death of Pope Leo.
CONQUAIN— Subscriber. Lake Tahoe.
Cal. The game asked about Is not con
con nor koon-can. but conquain. As to
the particular rule asked for, it is: "A
player need not use any card drawn, but
if he has upon the table any combination
In which it can be used his adversary
may force him with it. even after it has
been declined. For Instance, a player has
eight cards down, two sequences of four
small cards each, and in his hands a pair
of kings. Another king- will make him
game, but if he has to depend on hia se
quences to put him out he will have to
get three more cards. Suppose he draws
a card that will fit one of his sequences.
it is to his advantage to pass It; but upon
laying it on the table his adversary may
take it up and force him with It by plac
ing it at the end of his sequence, at the
same time saying 'discard.* In the same
manner one of the players holding 1 one of
the cards of his adversary's sKow-down.
sequence or triplet, may force after using
a card by placing his discard on his ad
versary's sequence Instead of laying It on
the table. If it Is laid on the table the
adversary may pass It once by turning it
down, and It Is then too late to compel
him to use it. Suppose you think your
adversary holds two cards of an un
played sequence and has a triplet on the
table: if you can use one of those se
quence cards in his hand to advantage
and can force him by givinjr him the
fourth card of his triplet, which is of no
use to you, you should do so. But you
must remember that you cannot forca
except after using a card yourspi.f, be
cause you are not allowed to discard un
der any other circumstances."
THE SEASONS— C. C. Red Bluff. Cal.
Generally speaking, we say that winter
commences with December 1. spring with
March 1. summer with June 1 and au
tumn with September L Astronomically
that is not correct. The winter solistlc©
is the meridian passing through the point
where it touches the Tropic of Caplcorn
December 21: the summer sollstice. the
other sollstial point, is the one which
touches that tropic June 21. Both the
spring and autumnal seasons' are marked
by the sun crossing the equator on March
20 and September 22. respectively.
DEATH AND TAXES— Reader. Oak
land Cal. "Death and taxes" are cer
tain'* is not cuite correct. The words
were first used by Benjamin Franklin in
a letter to M. Pomeroy, a distinguished
Frenchman. In the letter Franklin wrote:
"Our constitution Is in actual operation:
everything appears to promise that it will
last, but In the world nothing is certain
but death and taxes."
AIRSHIP— A Subscriber, City. This de
partment has for Its purpose the giving to
people of Information upon all topics that
are of general Interest wh«n an answer to
the question can be obtained, but it does
not advise people as to what to do with
stock they may hold In airship companies
or other concerns. Questions relative to
investments, reliability of Individuals or
firms are not answered In this depart
ment.
SACRAMENTO SHERIFF-Subscriber.
Colusa, Cal. The first Sheriff of Sacra
mento County was Joseph McKlnney.
who was elected April 1. 1S50, to serve two
years. He was killed In the performance
of duty near Brighton August 15, 1350. In
September of the same year Ben McCul
lough was elected to fill the vacancy.
FROGS— Subscriber, Santa Cruz, Cal.
Any bookseller can procure books on frog
culture. • Frogs sell in the San Francisco
market at from 25 cents to $2 per dozen,
according to the size and demand for
frogs' legs.
RECREATION GROUNDS-S.. City.
The recreation grounds in San Francisco
were closed down as a ball ground in the
fall of 1SS3. Andy Piercy was the lessee
of the grounds at the time.
TOPAZ-A. C City. It is said that
the tonaz took its name from a Greek
word .meaning guess, since the ancients
could only guess at the locality from
which, the stone came.
LONDON, July 29.— The validity of Da
kota divorces in England was again raised
to-day before the President of the Divorce
Court, Sir Francis Jeune, in the suit for
divorce brought by D. S. Constandlni
against his wife, who, is -a daughter of
Stephen Ralll, a member of the firm of
Ralli Brothers, well known in New York
as well, as ' In London. The husband
cfharged his wife with bigamously marry
ing Dr. Lance, the family physician. Con
standini obtained a judicial separation
from his wife in 1899.
John Lawson Walton, counsel for the
petitioner, explained the subsequent pro
ceedings as follows:
This delicately nurtured lady of Belgrravi*
went to a wild district of the earth, emigrated
to the half-settled State of Dakota, became an
American citizen, stayed six months there,
fraudulently obtained a go-called divorce and
married the co-respondent there, thus using the
lax Dakota laws for her own purpose. This
was fraud on civilized jurisprudence.
The jury found the respondent and co
respondent guilty of adultery, awarding
$125,000 damages against Dr. Lance, and
also found the petitioner guilty of the
counter-charge of adultery. His petition,
therefore, was dismissed and argument
on the points of law involved was post
poned until to-morrow.-
PHILIPPINE COMMISSION
COMPELS RETRENCHMENT
It Is Believed That Insular Expenses
. Will Show a Reduction of
10 Per Cent.
MANILA, July 29.— The United States
Philippine Commission has been conduct
ing a detailed examination of the heads
of the various departments of the Gov
ernment, forcing on them a general policy
of retrenchment. The Commissioners
have investigated the estimates, cut down
items, substituted Filipinos in subordi
nate positions formerly assigned to Amer
icans and have impressed on the chiefs
that they must follow the McKinley pol
icy of the elevation of the Filipinos. As a
result of the commission's action it is
estimated that the budget for the half
year will be reduced from $5,209,408 to
$4,216,165 for the Insular Department, and
for the city of Manila from 11,407,034 to
$969,015, exclusive of permanent improve
ments, which will be made a separate
charge. C V ;r 1
The budget bill has not yet been passed.
The commission has adopted a new ar
rangement for the appropriations because
previous statements contained over
estimates to the amount of about 51,000,000,
which is being returned to the treasury,
and it is expected that the insular ex
penses will show a general reduction of
8 to 10 per cent.
Lieutenant Rucker of St. Louis has been
found guilty of embezzlement and sen
tenced to dismissal. . .
SISTER MARY CECELIA
DIES AT REDWOOD CITY
Pupils of Convent of Which She Was
the. Head Mourn Loss of Be
-" loved Woman.
REDWOOD CITY, July 29.-Sister
Mary Cecelia, the. Sister Superior of the
convent of Notre Dame for six years past,
died at, the convent here this morning
from heart failure.
The funeral will take place from the
Catholio church to-morrow and the body
will be sent to San Jose for burial. A re
quiem mass will be celebrated by the Rev.
Father Conlan of this place, assisted by
the Rev. Fathers Lyons and Braley of
Menlo Park.
Sister Mary Cecelia at the time of her
death was 40 years of age. She was a
native of Missouri. Entering the order
of which she has ever since been a mem
ber, she prepared herself for a teacher
while still very young. Fifteen years ago
she came, to San Jose, where she remained
until coming to take charge of the con
vent here six years ago. She was an ex
cellent scholar and a talented musician.
By her sweet disposition she had endeared
herself to all with whom she came in con
tact and -especially to the pupils of the
convent. Her loss is deeply mourned by
her many friends here.
Special Dispatch to The Call
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, July 29.—
. The elaborate new mosaic work on the
front of the Stanford Memorial Church
was completed to-day and the facade of
the church stands as it will for many
years to come, a glorious picture amid
and above the palms and arches and tiled
roofs of the quadrangle. The Interior of
the great structure is. however, by no
means completed. .Work was begun soon
after the close of the last term smoothing
the stone walls of the nave and the
artists started to-day with the mosaic
work there after finishing the outside.
The first of the inlaid pictures on the
face of • the church represents with fig
ures of heroic size and exquisite bits of
natural scenery "The Sermon on the
Mount," and was completed a year ago.
The later work has been above the arches
of the entrance.' It is a beautifully colored
floral decoration in mosaic, surrounding
four figures representing Love, Faith,
Hope and Charity. The inscription has
likewise been sent in a background of
gold mosaic and the smaller spaces filled
with conventional floral designs. One of
the most beautiful additions to the church
since its dedication is the carving on the
arches of the entrance. It has all been
most delicately executed In the stone by
hand and in like manner fhe columns
have been fluted.
Owing to the immense amount of work
to be done on the interior, it is rumored
that the church will not be used for ser
vices during the coming year. High scaf
foldings have been erected and the seats
of a large part of the church, as well as
the large organ, have to be covered up.
The Italian artists will be engaged for
probably a whole year on the work al
ready designed. In the basement of the
church they have opportunity to spread
out the designs in glass and. give all the
finishing touches. Already four of the
great Old Testament scenes which will
line the walls of the nave are ready to be
put up. The walls of the nave will hold
eight of these pictures, each about 12x7
feet in dimensions. The clestory walls
will be covered with floral designs and
very elaborate mosaics, whose designs
have not yet been chosen, are to be placed
last of all in the organ gallery around the
rose window. ' .
LONDON BANKER OPPOSES
CHAMBERLAIN PROGRAMME
Governor F. O. Schuster Says Amer
ica's Industrial Position Is
Not Attractive.
LONDON. July 29.— Governor F. O.
Schuster at a meeting of the Union Bank
of London. Limited, to-day made a
lengthy reference to the British fiscal con
troversy. While he welcomed an inquiry
into the fiscal policy of the Government,
the whole tenor of Schuster's remarks
was opposed to tampering with free trade.
He expressed the belief that the United
States was within measurable distance of
adopting free trade and in support of this
said he had a private interview with the
late President McKinley two years ago.
In which the latter said:
My tariff bill has done its work. We have
been able to build up many great Industries
In a short time, and now gradually but inevi
tably our tariff must be reduced.
Schuster contended that America's in
dustrial position under protection was
"not entirely attractive, nor are its work
ingmen contented." /
CUBAN MALCONTENTS
¦p-TT.T.T-.n OR CAPTURED
Four Men Who Incite to Treason in
Santiago Province Come
to Grief.
HAVANA, July 29.— The efforts of four
men to cause an uprising in the vicinity
of Bayamo, province of Santiago, have
ended in the capture of their leader and
the killing of the other three. The four
men for -weeks endeavored to excite the
people to treason and violence on the
ground that the revolutionary forces had
not been paid and were not likely to be
paid. Secretary of the Interior Yero In
formed the correspondent of the Asso
ciated Press that this effectually ends the
only semblance of an uprising in Cuba.
YOSEMITE VALLEY.
In One Way and Out Another OveT
the Double Loop of the
Merced-Santa Fe.
The Merced-Santa Fe Route passes
Bowers Cave, New Inspiration and Oh
My Points and through the Merced and
Tuolumne Big Tree Groves. The stage
passes through a tunnel cut In the
"Dead Giant" of the Tuolumne Grove.
It's the scenic way. Special low rate
tickets, including all expenses for a
five, seven or ten days' trip. All about
It at the Santa Fe, 641 Market st. •
Cruiser Sinks a Steamship.
PLYMOUTH. July 29. — The British
third-class cruiser Melampus collided with
and sank the British steamer Ruperra off
the Lizard .last night. The crew was
saved. The damage sustained by the Me
lampus will necessitate docking her for
repairs.
MEASURING CHINESE
BY BERTILLON SYSTEM
New Means of Identification Is Put
in Operation at San
Diego.
SAN DIEGO, July 29.— The Bertillon
system of identification of Chinese is now
in operation here, the first port in the
United States where it has been adopted.
Measurements, instead of photographs,
are now being taken of Chinese laborers
who leave here for foreign countries with
the Intention of returning to the United
States. The system is expected to do
away with the fraudulent use of certi
ficates that has caused so much annoy
ance to immigration inspectors.
Dr. -M. F. Gallagher of Washington,
who has Just established the system here,
left to-day for San Francisco to*' put it in
operation there. It will be installed at
Portland, Port Townsend and along the
Canadian border.
BTJLES GOVERNING ENTRY
OF CHINESE ARE CHANGED
WASHINGTON, July 29.— Taking note
of the criticisms that have passed at
home and abroad on the application of
the Chinese exclusion laws to the incom
ing Chinese who are to set up the Chinese
exhibit at the St. Louis exposition, the
President has . directed a considerable
change in the existing rules. The amend
ed rules are now in press, and, it, is said,
will make the entry of Chinese who are
not attempting to evade the exclusion
laws easy. The Chinese Minister here has
expressed his satisfaction with tha
changes. i;i;
Traveling Men Elect Officers.
MACKINAC ISLAND, Mich.. July 29.—
The fourth annual convention of the Inter
national Federation of Commercial Trav
elers closed to-day with the election of
the following officers: President, Louis
Lebaume, St. Louis; vice president, C.
D. Daniel, Columbus, O. ; ; secretary, Ar
thur L. Sheetz, Omaha, Neb. The rail
road committee stated in its report that
the Western Passenger Association has
adopted an interchangeable mileage book
good on trains In their territory. This is
regarded as a great victory for the trav
eling men.
Dewey Must ; Tear Down His Fence.
TOPEKA, ; Kans., July 29.— On orders
from, the Department of Justice at Wash
ington United States District. Attorney J.
S. 3 Dean has ; directed : C. 1 H. ; Dewey, r the
ranchman ; of Cheyenne County war fame,
to tear down eleven miles of fence' which ¦
partially, encloses thirteen ; sections of
Government land. :, Dewey. is one of fifteen v
or; more ; ranchmen who ; are said to have
Government land enclosed. . {
Oil Cars Are Burned.
REDDING, July 29.— Two oil cars and
caboose of a southbound freight train
Jumped the track this morning three
miles . north of .' Copley and caught fire.
Theoll cars, although presumably empty,
contained enough. oil to generate gas and
cause an explosion.' The men fighting the
flames- wonderfully enough 'escaped in-
Jury from the explosion. The California
express was delayed four hours by tho
wreck.* ?
THE SAN rBA^CISCO.CALLi THURSDAY, JULY 30,- 1903.
* An Alameda man went insane .the other, day
dreaming over a fortune which; had been bequeathed
to him. His condition is almost as sad as the fel
low who dreams that he won the first prize in a lot
tery and wakes uo before he has a chance to soend it.
An Indiana youth, backward, bashful and awk
ward, fecured a hunter's license the other day and
believed that it endowed him with' the privilege to
marry the girl of his choice. Perhaps even in his
haste he felt that his wooing would have to begin
*fter the wedding ceremony.
A man was arrested in Oakland the other day for
stealing bread. It is seldom that a single act, so ex
poses our boasted humanities and Christian civiliza
tion in their shameful poverty. 'It "•'•is indeed a
wretched state in Which' one must steal to eat arid in
which we cannot feed o<»r poor.
The Supervisors of Santa Clara County have ren
dered a distinct service to humanity and have placed
the beautiful country under their direction favorably
to the consideration of the rest of the people of
the State. The Supervisors have ordered severe re
strictions upon the operation of automobiles and
have provided precautions for those who must meet
these machines on the roads.
Russian newspapers have had the unspeakable au
dacity of censuring the traditional and widely ac
cepted American habit of lynching, even going so
far as to cartoon Uncle Sam as presiding officer of
Judge Lynch's court. This unwarranted and impu
dent reflection upon our institutions is almost be
yond toleration. It is almost as bad as our inten
tion, subsequently revised, to interfere in Russian
domestic affairs.
PRESIDENT HILL of the Great Northern,
when asked his opinion of the recent flurry
among the stockbrokers of New York, an
swered: "We are not worried out here. Our broad
acres do not feel the tremors of Wall street." That
statement sums up the subject in a nutshell. Doubt
less there are many persons in the West who have
had such close relations with Wall street that
they have suffered more or less from the fluctuations
in the stock market, but the West generally, from
the Mississippi to the Pacific, has not felt even so
much as a tremor from the Wall-street shake-up.
The wheat States as a rule have remarkable crops
despite a shortage here and there. An estimate
made up in St. Paul from reports from 300 cor
respondents in various parts of the Northwest is to
the effect that the average yield per acre will not
be large, but that nevertheless taken as a whole the
crop will be a good one. The calculations are that
Minnesota will have 90,000,000 bushels, North Da
kota 46,000,000, and South Dakota 36,000,000.
- From Kansas come glowing reports of a crop so
big that there are hardly men, women and children
enough to harvest it. One report says: "The sec
retary of the State Board of Agriculture and officers
of the San Francisco Railroad estimate this sum
mer's yield at 100,000,000 bushels, and the officers
of the Atchison road make the estimate only five
million bushels less. The officers of both roads es
timate the wheat yield in Texas at 25,000,000 bushels,
against one-third of that last year, and the yield in,
Oklahoma at 40,000,000, against less than a third of
that last year. * * * In Nebraska the area of
wheat is IS per cent greater than a year ago, and
estimates from all parts of the State put the wheat
harvest at 80,000,000 bushels. This has never been
approached in the State. The crop last year was
under 53,000.000 bushels, and that was 10.000.000
THE PROSPEROUS WEST.
6
A Philadelphia teamster has been ar-
rested for driving his team over a sol*
course.
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali-
fornia street. Telephone Main 1043. *
Townsend's California place fruits and
candles, 50c a pound. In artlstla fin»-
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 713 Market st, above Call bl&g. *
1 1 1 The Outing Girl's 1 1 |
1 1 New Picture Fad]]
You'll Never Guess What It Is Until you Sea the Full Pag« of Dar-
• Y v ingly "Strenuous" Photographs From Mountain
and Seashore in the
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
Also Two of the Best Short Stories of the Season, Which, of Course*,
Are Exclusive of the Clever Half -Hour Storiette Page.
TBE PRICKLY PIG RED, MOUNTAIN NUPTIALS
ALSO- —
TABLES FOR IDE FOOLISH. NO. I—THE SOMOWS OF A SOUL.
ALSO
WflY YOUR PHOTOS ARE BAD. 8 NEW INDIAN CRUELTIES.
By Charles Taylor Jr. By Gen. A. A. Burt, XJ. S. A.
¦* t -.11 •
— r-ALSO-: —
Fourth and Most Exciting Installment Yet of £
THE SPENDERS==
By Harry Leon Wilson. j
Wherein Uncle Peter Bines Brings Billy Brue to New York to Show
If Him Fashionable Life in. the Nickel Plush Hotel in the &*
H Most Unique Way Imaginable.
1 i ALSO- — I]
I ILISBON, July 29.— King Charles is ex
pected to visit the United States Euro
pean sauadron on Saturday. The recep
tion accorded. to Rear Admiral Cotton and
the other American officers by' the; King
and Queen Amelia at the royal castle at
Cintria, fourteen miles from Lisbon, Mon
day was most cordial. Admiral Cotton
while at Cintria visited Queen Maria Pia,
mother of the King, (and the Duke of
Oporto, brother of the King
King to Visit Yankee Squadron.
SOMERSET, Ky., July 20.— Richard
Taylor, charged with the murder of Clay
Haynes and who has been a fugitive for
twelve years, was arrested at Stearns and
lodged in Jail here to-day. Taylor, it is
alleged, had been mistreated by several
persons, among them Haynes. Taylor,
upon meeting Haynes, it is said, told him
to say his prayers, and when he had fin
ished shot him to death. Taylor fled and
traveled in Mexico and other Southern
countries. At' one time he was in the reg
ular army for three years.
Captured After Twelve Years.
LIVERPOOL, July 29.— The sharehold
ers of the Cunard Steamship Company at
a meeting here to-day unanimously ap
proved the changes in the articles of as
sociation announced on July 21 by which
the Government J will pay considerably
more than $5,000,000 for the construction of
the additional steamers (placing the whole
fleet at the disposal of the Admiralty for
use as cruisers and providing for an im
proved Atlantic mail service). They con
firmed the agreement with the , Govern
ment, which the chairman. Lord Inver
clide, asserted did not constitute subsidiz
ing the company, but "only paying for
services rendered."
Heavy Subsidy for Steamships.
There never was such a rush for good
carpets at low prices as has been the case
at Pattoslen's big store in the Mission this
week. The public knowa pretty well now
of the high prices the installment houses
are combined to get, and it Is Just as well
known that for cash only at Pattoslen's
a saving of 25 to 50 per cent Is made by
purchasers. An advance shipment of new
fall carpets shown to-day. Any car gets
you there— Sixteenth and Mission.
Bush for New Carpets.
OYSTER BAY. L. I., July 29.— Lying on
the bare ground, wrapped In blankets,
President Roosevelt and his sons and
nephews passed last night on the sandy
shores of Huntington Bay. The President
makes an annual custom of camping out
with his boys. Late yesterday afternoon
the President and his little party left
Sagamore Hill in two boats for Lloyd's
Neck, the sandy promontory on Hunting
ton Bay, which had been selected for the
night's camp. He occupied one boat with
his son Archie and his nephew, Nicholas
Roosevelt, and his eon Kermit and
nephews, Philip and Oliver Roosevelt, oc
cupied the other. The President and Ker
mit handled the oars. As the distance to
Lloyd's Neck is about ten miles It took
them two hours to row it. After breakfast
to-day the party returned to Sagamore
HiU.
Camps With His Sons and Nephews
on the Shore of Hunting
ton Bay.
PRESIDENT SLEEPS
ON THE BABE GROUND
CINCINNCATI. O.. July 29. — Pittsburg took
the last game of the series to-day by timely
batting. Harper's few gifts and the errors be
hind him were costly. Cincinnati did not hit
Kennedy's delivery at the right time, and In
every Inning but one they had men left on
bases. Peltz was ordered eff the grounds In
the last inning for abusing Umpire O'Day. At
tendance. 1800. Score:
R. H. E.
Cincinnati 3 7 4
Pittsburg 7 11 1
Batteries — Harper and Pelts; Kennedy and
Smith. Umpire — O'Day.
NEW YORK. July 29.— New York won the
final game of the present series from Boston
to-day. Both pitchers were effective, but er
rors in the field and Malarkey's wlldness at
times proved coetly to the visitors. Attend
ance, 2600. Sccre:
R. H. E.
Boston 2 7 6
New York 5 7 1
Batteries — Malarkey and Moran; McGInnlty
and Warner. Umplre^ — Johnetone.
BROOKLYN. July 29.— In a heavy batting
game Philadelphia defeated the home team to
day by the score of 12 to 7. Duggleby started
into pitch for Philadelphia, but was rellevej
by Fraiier in the second Inning. Attendance,
2500. Sccre :
R. H. E.
Philadelphia 12 13 0
Brooklyn 7 13 S
Batteries — Duggleby, Fraser and Roth;
Schmidt. Doescher and Jacklltsch.
CHICAGO. July 29.— Chicago defeated St.
Louis to-day in an evenly played and interest
ing contest of ten innings. Slagle scored ths
winning run on his triple and on a single by
Williams. Attendance. 1200. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago ;. 3" 9 2
St. Louis 2 7 1
Batteries — Men«>fee and Kllng; Brown and
Ryan. Umpire — Moran.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
The annual report of the operations of
the Bureau of Streets was filed yesterday
with the Board of Public Works by Of
fice Deputy Donovan. The report shows
that during the fiscal year ending June
30. 1303, 1,000,737 square feet of paving
work was performed on the stone pave
ments at a cost of $44,612 49. The cost of
the material was $4053 33 and of labor $40,
659 16. The report continues:
There -were 522 sewer breaks repaired; 8837
linear feet cf ripe sewers were reconstructea
and 12«.3«9 brick, 5121 feet of Ironstone pipe
and 620 barrels of cement were used in the
work of sewer. The repairs to bituminous rock
pavements cost J24.RS5 51.
Applications to the number of 1755 were
made during the year for the construction of
new side sewers and deposits aggregating $51,
010 were maae with the cashier therefor. The
trenches opened in streets by water, light and
power companies within the southern district
aggregated 0S1S. The total mileage of mains
laid was 47.79. i
The total cost for sweeping and sprinkling
of (streets was $178,240 09. The Fourth-etreet
drawbridge was opened 7676 times. There
were 2936 coir.nlalr.ti filed during the yeai.
There were posted along the line of contem
plated street imDroveroents 784 notices.
The total receipts from all sources were
$129,864 67 and the disbursements $93,819 61.
The accepted streets raved with bituminous
rock aggregated 11,415 linear feet: paved with
basalt blocks. 2007 feet; cobblestones. 5S1 feet.
It was unfortunate that such a email amount
of money is annually set aside for the repair
of bitumen pavements. The sum of $20,000 is
insufficient to oroperly maintain 107 miles of
bitumen pavement for a year and the result
Is that it is not in good condition, and unless
extensive renovation is arranged for. dlnlnte
gratlon will be so complete that within a few
years nothing but thorough renewal will be re
quired.
At the meetine of the Board of Public
Works Commissioner Schmitz desired a
resolution adopted showing: that he had
protested against the action of the board
in passing a resolution devoting portions
of the funds for the fiscal year 1903-1904 to
increasing the salaries of various em
ployes. Schmit* 6aid he wished the rec
ords show that he not only voted no,
but had objected to the raise in salaries.
Commissioners Manson and Casey voted
apair.ft Schmitz's resolution, which was
lost, as the record is already In evidence.
The secretary was authorized to adver
tise for sealed proposals for the care of
Point Lobos avenue.
The board approved the mapa showing
the extent and boundaries of. the district
to be assessed for changes of grades on
Polk and Chestnut streets and Parnassus
avenue.
Bewails Lack^ of Fucds to
Repair Bituminous
Pavements.
Deputy Presents Figures
to Board of Public
Works.
SUBMITS REPORT
OF STREET WORK
Washington * 8 0
Philadelphia 4 9 2
Batteries — Wilson and Klttredge; Henley and
Powers.
BOSTON. July 29. — By a narrow margin New
York won "out in to-day's terrific batting con
test, 15 to 14. Chesbro was batted out of the
box in the sixth. Toung was hit hard throUKh-
Boston J* 1* %
New York 15 20 3
Batteries— Young and Crlger; Chesbro, How
ell and O'Connor.
DETROIT. July 29.— In a fairly well played
game Detroit easily beat St. Louis to-day.
KilBon scattered the hits, while 8lever s own
error and two hits gave Detroit three runs in
the third. Attendance, 2200. Score:
R. H. E.
Detroit ••• } « ?
St. Loui* 1 10 1
Batteries— Kitson and McOuire; Slever and
Sugden.
PHILADELPHIA. July 29. — Philadelphia and
Washington played a ten inning draw to-day,
darkness putting an end to the game. The
tall enders got after Henley In the latter part
of the game and the Champions were lucky to
escape defeat. Attendance, 3500. The score:
R. H. E.
Chesbro Is Batted Oul of the Box
and Young^ Is No
Enigma. ;
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
HEAVY HITTING FEATURE
OF THE GAME AT BOSTON
Mayor Schmitz sent yesterday to Audi
tor Baehr the following protest against
the increase in salaries of a number of
employes by the Boards of Health and
Public Works: w
July 20. 1003.
Hon. Harry Baehr, Auditor. City and County
of San Francisco — Dear Sir: I hereby respect
fully call your attention to what seems to me
to be a violation of certain provisions of the
charter both by the Board of Public Works
and the Board of Health In raising the salaries
of certain of their high-salaried employes. In
violation of section 8, article VI, and lection
10. article X.-
I protest against the payment of the addi
tional salary allowed the employes in those
two departments, believing it to be an extrava
gant and an absolute waste of public funds
and strictly agalns^ the provisions of the afore
rcf-ntioned sections of the charter.
I therefore recommend that you refuse to
audit the demands of all employes in those
departments who have been raised since July
1, 15»03. \ Respectfully yours,
E. E. SCHMITZ. Mayor.
Says Action of Boards of Health, and
of Works Is Violation of
Charter.
MAYOR PROTESTS AGAINST
INCREASES IN SALARIES
WANTS A LOWER
CLASSIFICATION
Langdon Says Classes
Have Too Many Pu
pils Enrolled.
Board of Education Makes
Som9 Assignments and
Accepts Resignations. f>
Superintendent of Schools Langdon sent
a communication to the Board of Educa
tion during its meeting yesterday, in
which he' declares that the present clas
sification requiring first grade classes to
consist of fifty pupils each enrolled and
that all other classes shall consist of
fifty-five pupils at the beginning of the
school year is too high. The superinten
dent recommends that the classes be
maintained for the following year as fol
lows:
Minimum. Standard. Maximum.
Grammar 40 ' 50 65
Primary ........ 35 "45 50
He also recommends that it be the
policy of the department to reduce the
size of classes within the next five years
so that they shall be maintained as fol
lows:
Minimum. Standard. Maximum.
Grammar 40 " 45 80
Primary 35 40 45
Langdon also recommends the establish
ment of an ungraded class where weak
pupils could be taken for special instruc
tion and the board is likely to have such
a class in the Lincoln or "Washington
Bchool. The board took the report under
advisement, but expressed itself in accord
with Langdon's views. The report con
tinues:
ASKS IMMEDIATE ACTION.
The problem of the classification of school
children has become one of the most Important
school problems in the city of San Francisco,
as in all the other large and growing cities of
the United States. It is a difficulty that re
quires particularly urgent action in this city
for three reasons: (1) The number of children
assigned to a class has always been too largo
In the city of San Francisco, (2) the impend
ing enforcement of the compulsory education
statute will bring Into the schools thousands
of children for whom no provision has been
made In epace equipment, (3) the present rapid
growth of the city Is giving an increased
school population that will soon levy additional
burdens on the school department. -
Something must be done immediately for
the relief of the pressure of crowded classes
before the additional pressure of an increasing
population becomes too excessive. Nothing
less than the full quota of schools asked for
by your Board of Education in the projected
Issuance of bonds will meet the necessities of
the coming few years. In the meanwhile wo
must lay down an ultimata working standard
for the size of classes to which we must bring
our classification.
Superintendent Langdon reported that
he had graded the schools so that those
having primary grades and an average
attendance of less than 200 pupils in the
grammar grades shall be known as prim
ary schools and an attendance In excess
of 200 pupils in the grammar grades shall
be known as grammar schools.
BOARD ASSIGNS TEACHERS.
The Board of Education, ordered the fol
lowing transfers and assignments of
teachers:
Miss Rose Prince to South End School, Miss
Rachael Kurlandzlk to Huena Vifta School,
Miss Theresa Sullivan to Redding School. Miss
Lillian Koch to Dudley Stone School, Miss
Jessie Doty to Cleveland School, MJbh Sophie
Boggs to PacWc Heights School. Mrs. Alice
Kedon to Starr King School. Miss Ella Mc-
Neeley to Irving School. Miss Fannie Sanborn
to Columbia School (new class). Miss Grace
Knowlton to Sunnyslde • School. M'.as McKeon
lrvlns to new class in the Hearst School. Miss
Sutherland (Starr' King) to Sherman School.
Miss Horton (Sherman) new . class in the
Franklin School, Miss M. E. Dowd (Cleveland)
to Horace Mann School, Miss M. Browne (Sun
nyslde) to Bheridan School, Mies N. Sullivan
(Spring Valley) to Sherman School, Miss E.
Madden (South End) to Clement School.
The resignations of Delia Clayburgh and
Emily A. Hawkins as teachers in the de
partment were accepted.
Mrs. J. J. Bergin appeared before the
board and asked permission to distribute
copies of her paper, "The Zoophile," to
the pupils, with a view to developing >a
humane sentiment. The board took the
request under advisement. .
FORMS NEW CLASS.
. A new class was ordered formed in the
Garfleld primary school and Director
Walsh was authorized to secure an out
side room for Its occupancy.
The resignation of Principals Miss Har
riet M. Fairchlld, Miss A. E. Slaven and
Miss Lydla Hart were accepted. The ex
principals were placed on the retired list
on annuities. i
Leaves of absence wero granted to Miss
S. E. Kelly and MIsa Jennie Murphy.
Milo Baker was assigned to the Lowell
high school, subject to two years' proba
tion.
D. C. Deasey of th« evening school elig
ible list was elected teacher in charge of
Irving Scott evening school, to date from
July 20, 1303.
P. Dollman was appointed special teach
er of bookkeeping, and assigned to the
Richmond evening school.
The Auditor was requested to set aside
the sum of $16,000, or such part thereof as
may be on hand in the surplus of the
common school fund for the fiscal year,
1902-3, for the purpose of completing and
furnishing the Noe Valley school.
Firebug Razes Petroleum "Works.
BAKU, Russian Trans-Caucasia, July
2?.— The extensive petroleum works at
Balakhamy have been burned. The flre
Is believed to have been of incendiary ori
gin. Larpc numbers of boring towers
and reservoirs of naphtha were destroyed.
Including those belonging to the Nobel
Brothers and the Caspian Company.
Nearly all the teachers in the School
of Agriculture at Lima, Peru, are Bel
gians. -
REGRADING OF THE PUBLIC SCHOOLS;
CARE OF THE CITY'S THOROUGHFARES
THE £AN FRANCISCO GAIili, THURSDAY, JULY; 30,, 1903.
7
DoveShootingj
Is Good Now
[' • AT
Paso Robles
Hot Springs j
For Particulars Write ,
W. A* J u NICER. '
Lessee and Manager.
Paso Robles, CaL ,
Or Call On
THOMAS COOK & SON.
623 Market Street. K"l
San Francisco. 4
Information Bureau, Southern Pacific. '
613 Market Street.
Santa Catalina Island
Z\i Hours From Loa Angeles.
Season 1903.
Our Marine Band of 30 Artists.
OUTDOOR PASTIMES. BOATINO. BATH-
ING. FISHING. GOLF, ETC.
The Famous Canvas City Is Now Open!
With an Entirely New Equipment. In Shady
Grove.
HOTEL METBOPOLE,
With Modern Appointments. Always Open.
Reservations Made. Address
BANNING CO.. 222 SOUTH SPRING ST..
LOS ANGELES. OR
PECK'S BUREAU, 11 MONTGOMERY ST..
8AN FRANCISCO.
ft IS M f* r% ft HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
X/T ill-It-MX COUNTY: only 4 H houra
Unnl/UU from San Francisco and
but 0 miles staging: wa-
ters noted for medicinal virtues; best natural
hot mineral water bath in State: boating and
swimming in Warm Springs Creek; good trout
streams; telephone, • telegraph, dally mall, ex-
press, and San Francisco morning and evening
papers: FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE
SERVICE: both morning and afternoon stages;
round trip from San Francisco only f 5.50. Take
Tlburon ferry at 7:30 a, m. and 2:30 p. m.
Rates $2 a day or $12 a week. References, any
guest of the past eight years. Patronage ot
1002 unprecedented. Information at Peck's In-
formation Bureau, 11 Montgomery St.; also at
Traveler office. 630 Market St.. or of J. F.
MULGREW, Skaggs. Cal.
PARAISO SPRINGS
MONTEBET COTTNTT, CAL.
•
The leading Summer Resort of the
Pacific Coast. Hot Soda and Sulphur
Baths, large Swimming Tank, first-
class table. Send for beautiful illus-
trated booklet and rates to F. W.
Schroeder, Manager, or San Francis-
co Agent, II Montgomery street.
Tahoe Tavern at Lake Tahoe
Is now open for the reception of guests.
Oar patrons of last season say: "Ta-
hoe Tavern is the equal of any summer
resort hotel In the world,"
and that Lake Tahoe has no equal. Visit ua
and prove statement for yourselves. Rataa
from $3.60 per day upward.. For particulars
or reservation of rooms address Tahoe Tavern,
Tahoe City, Cal.
Adams Springs
LAKE COUNTY. CAL.
STILL EAS TES CBOWD.
BEST WATER,
'SUPERIOR SERVICE.
During the month of August the celebrated
Merced Concert Band in full uniform will be
at the springs.
DR. W. R. PRATHER. Prop.
CAMP VACATION.
A hotel under canvas. Situated near Guerne-
ville. with a mile and m. half frontage on the
Russian River. Tents In a. beautiful grove of
redwood, oak. madrone, laurel and other trees./
A lovely valley of 150 acres. Boating, bathing
and fishing. Terms $10 per week. Railroad
fare, round trip from San Francisco. 12 50.
Take boat at Tlburon ferry. Address MRS.
L. C. CNOPIUS, Camp Vacation, near Guerne-
vllle, Sonoma County, Cal.
SUMMER HOME FARM
SANTA CBU8 MOUWTAINS.
Fine location, on creek, surrounded by giant
redwoods; pewly furnished; everything for
comfort and pleasure. 8end for booklet. H.
W. HAINES, prop.. Glenwood. Cal.. or call IX
Montgomery st.. Peck's Bureau. .
HOTEL BON AIR.
New .modern SO-room hotel; Rosa Valley;
first-class every par.; fishing, boating, swim-
ming, beautiful drives; bus meets 10. 11, 2
trains Kent sta. MR. A MRS. J. E. MAN-
LOVE, prope. P. O. ad. Ro*s Valley. Marln Co.
RUBICON FARX.
Delightful summer resort on shore ot Lake Ta-
hoe. Everything new. Best beach for bathing:
bring suits. Fishing, bunting. Boats, fishing
tackle; saddle horses at moderate hire; )14 and
$18 per wetk. Fo*t?;fic«. tel. A. L. FROST,
Rubicon Park. Lake Tahoe, Cal. .
KLAMATH SPRINGS,
BESWICK. SISKITOU CO.. CAL.
Finest fishing, hunting and health resort on
the coast. Send for booklet.
EPSON BROS.. Proprietors.
Campbell Hot Springs.
10 hours' rail to Boca: stags for springs con-
nects 6 p. m. train from city; round trip, in-
cluding stage. $14 60, good for season. Rates,
$10 per week. " - __^^^
VICHY SPRINGS.
3 miles from Ukiah, Mendocino Co. Natural
electric waters, champagne baths. Only place
in the world of this class. Fishing, hunting.
Crystal Springs, i Accommodations ; table flrst-
nlass. J. A. REDEMEYER A CO.. Props.
6ARDEN CITY SANITARIUM 8AI ca1!? sb '
Hydro therapy, electricity. X-ray, massage, etc.
Modern. . Ideally located. - Send for literature.
riEED DlDlf IW * nd cottajes; 6 ml. from
DECK rAKK INN Lake Tahoe: open June
1 ; ' elev. 6507 ' ft. ; ' mineral spgs. Traveler. 830
Mkt. St.; booklet. J. B. Scott. Deer Park. Cal.
Flifil F CTARIFS^ 1 * 11 - Tourists, camp-
EAULC O1ADLC3 er«. hunters. Write to H.
A, EJdred for rates for any kind of turnout.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I • CELEBRATED *\J
People who suffer from Stom-
ach ills should, know that good
health will" return as soon as the
stomach is restored to its normal
condition. , Try the .Bitters. It
positively cures Constipation, In-
digestion,* Biliousness, Dyspepsia
or Malaria. " —
Highland
Springs
FOR HEALTH
.MINERAL WATERS of proven efficacy, for
lrver. kidney, malaria, rheumatism and stom-
ach troubles. A physician of ability. < experi-
enced In advising their use (free). BATHS of
all kinds and massage. Purest mountain air.
I FOR PLEASURE
Large Livery Stable and excursions to other
resorts and points of interest, many of which
can be made In one day. REGULATION
ALLEY, TENNIS CROQUET. PING-PONG.
SHUFFLE - BOARD. FREE SWIMMING
TANK and ORCHESTRA. DANCING six
nights of the week. Beautiful walks and
drives.
Telephones, express and postofflce.
Hard-finished rooms; first-class table; electric
lights. v
Rates. $10 to $18 a week.
For booklet and other information call on
Peck's Tourist Bureau. 11 Montgomery St..
"Travelers' Bureau," 630 Market st., or address
CRAIG €r KERR.
Highland Springs. Lake Co.. Cal.
¦" NAPA I Napa County,
SODA SPRINGS,! Cal.
FOR HEALTH AND PLEASURE GO TO
Napa Soda Springs. Situated 1000 feet above
the beautiful Napa Valley. Hot and cold soda
baths. Shetland ponies and burros for children.
Two trains dally. 7:30 a. m. and 4 p. m. Add.
DOLLMANN & JACOBS, Napa Soda Springs.
BARTLETT SPRINGS
Now is the time to re-
gain your health and
have a good time.
Write J. E. McMAHAN, Bart-
lctt Springs, Cal., or apply at No.
; 2 Sutter St., S. F., for full informa-
tion.
Pamphlets Moiled on Application.
OPENS JULY I5th
HOTEL IpKELEY
An Elegant Family, Tourist and
Commercial Hotel.
DWIGHT'WAY. BERKELEY.
Equipment and Cuisine First Class.
J. S. MARSTON, Manager.
Correspondence Solicited
La Moine
First-class hotel on SHASTA ROUTE: re-
cently enlarged, furnishing modern accommo-
dations, including electric lights. Best FISH-
ING AND HUNTING on the Sacramento River.
: Finest scenery in the world. Two trains
' dally to and from San Francisco. Go to sleep
' in Oakland and wake up at La Moine, and
I vice versa. Terras reasonable. Address all
! communications to CLIFFORD COGGINS,
Mgr.. La Moine, Cal.
AN OUTING AT
JETNA SPRINGS
Combines rest, pleasure and happiness. Its
waters are world-famous. >Dellghtful bathing,
mountain walks, beautiful drives, saddle horsed
i and amusements of every eort. Send for
pamphlet. Round-trip rate from San Francisco
V ' AETITA SPHINO3 COMPANY,
Aetna Spring's, Napa Co., CaL
PLUET AKES
'Our famous White Sulphur Spring for dys-
1 pepsla and all stomach ailments. Plenty o»
boating, bathing, fishing find hunting. New
cottages. Tennis court, regulation sue. Send
for new pamphlet. O. WEISMAN, Mldlake
P. O.. Lake County, Cal.
Spiers Springs
LAKE COUNTY.
Wonderful curative properties for all disor-
ders of the stomach. Also a positive cure for
liver and kidney troubles. New hotel and cot-
tage- $10 to $14 per week. Best trout fishing
In Lake County. Round-trip ticket, 8. P. of-
fice $8. For particulars call at Peck's Bureau.
11 Montgomery st., or address JOSHUA
SPIERS, Prop.; mail via Middletowo.
YOSEMITE VALLEY
ONLY 18 HOURS FROM SAN FRANCISCO.
OVER OILED ROADS via WAWONA AND
INSPIRATION POINT.
• THE ONLY ROUTE TO MARIPOSA^BIG
TREES!
THE ONLY ROUTE VIA INSPIRATION
POINT!
For - particulars address A. S. MANN, 613
MARKET ST.. SAN FRANCISCO.
HOTEL WILLITS.
First season. New building; up to date
equipment; over a hundred rooms, handsomely
furnished; large dining-room; rooms en suite
with private baths; hot and cold water; elec-
tric lights; first-class plumbing and perfect
sewerage. Redwoods and mountainous country
around with all their pleasures: center of the
deer hunting and fishing of Mendocino County.
S2 to $3 60 per day; $10 to $18 p«r week. Ad-
dress WILLIAM WEIGAND. Manager, Wll-
llts, Mendocino County, Cal.
Seigler Hot Springs.
, Natural hot baths, wonderful stomach waters,
swimming pond, games, livery; $9 to $14 per
week. Booklets at Peck's, 11 Montgomery St.,
or H. H. McGOWAN, Seigler, Lake Co., Cal.
OWN A HOME in ti^l u - CAMP MEEKER
Free from ; fog and wind. Lots $10 up. Cot-
tages built by Meeker. $50 up. Boating, bath-
ing, tenting ground: sawmill, depot, store. P.
O. Sausaltto ferry. M. C. MEEKER, Camp
Meeker, Sonoma County.
A BONNIBINOOK
AH. 4000 ft.;, half ml. att: ;" cottages, tents.
boating, bowling, elect, lights. H. D. WIARD.
Towle, Placer County. Cal.
BESQESHEIM-In the Santa Cruz red-
woods; $7 and $8 weekly. ; For circulars write
Mrs. E. Wllken. R. F. D.. box 121. Santa Cruz..
IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT!
Change in the Ownership and Management
TUSCAN =
Located nine miles northeast of Red Bluff on
the line of the Southern Pacific Railroad.
The undersigned begs to Inform the publics
that it has succeeded to the ownership and
management of these famous springs, and It
is their purpose to conduct them in a manner
that will insure such care and comfort to its
patrons as will be thoroughly satisfactory.
Particular attention will be given to the cuisine
and dining-room service. Furthermore. It Is
the intention of the new owners to extensively
improve and beautify the property — which,
added to the marvelous curative properties of
the various springs in cases of Gout. Rheu-
matism. Catarrh of the Bladder. Gravel. Dia-
betes. Kidney Troubles of every variety. Urin-
ary troubles Skin Diseases. Dyspepsia. CystttU
and Blood Diseases of every description, will
place the "TU8CAN SPRINGS" in the front
rank of the famous mineral springs of tha
world.
Cases of RHEUMATISM. GOUT AND ALL
BLOOD DISEASES WILL BE ACCEPTED
UNDER A GUARANTEE THAT THEY WILL
BB CURED WITHIN A SPECIFIED TIMFX
OR ALL EXPENSES. INCLUDING RAIL-
WAY FARE. WILL BE REFUNDED.
These wonderful springs can be reached by
the Southern Pacific Company's system of rail-
ways and its connections throughout th«
United States. TUSCAN MINERAL SPRING3
CORPORATION.
Stage and automobile transfer service be-
tween Red Bluff and Tuscan Springa.
For rates of fare and routes of travel apply
to any Southern Pacific Railroad Agent.
California
Northwestern
Railway
The Picturesque Route of California.
DEER SEASON NOW OPEN.
In SONOMA and MENDOCINO counties deer
are very plentiful and their haunts only on«
day's ride from San Francisco.
BLACK- BASS are biting freelv in the Rus-
sian River around Guerneville, Guernewocd
Park and Camp Vacation.
The many trout streams are yielding up
trout in great numbers, even thous'n hundreds
and hundreds have been fishing them I'.x the
past two months.
THIS COMPANY runs its own Fish Hatchery
and every year nocks the streams alon? it*
road.
So many people have returnsd from their
vacations since July 5 that there Is plenty of
room now for guests at the Resorts. Hotel*
and Summer Homes.
No months In the year are better fcr an
outing along the California Northwestern Rail-
way than July, August and September.
Our "Vacation 1903" gives full informatl-.a
in regard to Hotels. Resorts. Summer Homes
and Camping Spots.
CALL or WRITE for a copy.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market st. (Chroniela
building) and Tlburon Ferry, foot of Market
st.; General Office. Mutual Life building, cor-
ner Sansome and California sts., San Fran-
cisco.
H. C WHITING. Gen'l Manager.
R. X. RYAN. Oen'l Pasa'r Agt.
loinnou TOCALOMA "JJ*
Bertrand Hotel; first-class accommodations;
reasonable rates for families A parties: fishing,
bathing, beautiful drives to Bear Valley: tele-
phone. JOS. F. BERTRAND. or Bulletin offlca
ixtmr Friday. 2 to 4 p. m.. or No. Shore R, R..
620' Market »t.
MONTRIO HOTEL
One mile from famous "Bohemian Grove";
new management; all refitted. Quietude, com-
fort, pleasure, hunting, fishing, boating: fresh
milk, cream and best of everything. Address
C. F. CARR. Manager." Montrio Cal.
WHITE SXJTJ? KTTB SPUXKTGS — Most
accessible springs to San Francisco. Round
trip $1 no stage fare. Only 2\i hours' ride;
five miles from Vallejo. Hot. cold and plunsa
sulphur baths; wonderful cures of rheumatism,
neuralgia, tuema, kidney, liver and stomach
diseases Beautiful grounds and lake for boat-
ing and bathing. Dancing pavilion, bowlirn?
alley, croquet grounds. Rates, $10 a week and
op Address MANUEL MADRID. Vallejo. Cal.
THE OEYSZBS — A first-class family
resort. Leon Coblentz. formerly with Mar-
ehand's and Delmonico. has entire supervision
of the cuisine and dining-room. Swlmmtng
baths hot springs. Hunting, fishing; $10. $12
and $14 per week $2 60 per day. Information
Cal. N. W. Ry.. &H> Market St.: also FABIU3
FERAUD. Prop.. The Geysers. Sonoma Co.
FZSCAOZatO.
Swanton House, und«r new management,
popular hotel of San Mateo Co. Commodious
cottages, beautiful grounds, famous pebbla
beach flshlnsr hunting, sea bathlntr. Phone.
Rates'. $3 and $10 per week. W. L. STEVENS.
Proprietor.
TBEEMAW BOTXb.
Auburn Placer Co.. Cal. Most popular sum-
mer and winter resort In the foothills. Eleva-
tion 1400 feet. Electric bells. Electric lights.
Prices moderate. Address t
FREEMAN A WALSH. Proprietors.
VIU4A rOZTTESAT — rixst-clus resort a
Santa Cruz Mts.; hotel, cottages: croquet,
'tennis billiards bowling, amusement hall;
electric lights; table first-class; $10 to $14:
phone; campers' return tickets. $2 50; drcu-
lars. J. H. -HAE3TERS. Glenwood. CaL
AMONG TBS PINES— Alt. 3024 feat.
Wood's ranch: $<S-$s week: positively no con-
sumptives; write for pamphlet. Robt. 9.
Warham. Applegate. Placer County. Cal.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
18 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
,S A GREAT RESTORATIVE, INVIGORA-
1 tor and Nervine,
The most wonderful apbrodlslao and Speeial
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of thsj
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
NABER. ALF3 ft BRUNE. Agents.
823 Market st.. 8. F.— {Send for Circulars.)
P 1
MARKET ST. S F
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mallei
on Application.'
rmxsa ajtd salt meats.
I1C PAVCC £> C(\ ¦ Shipping Butchers. 101
JAA Pules g tU. Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS,
418 Front st. 8. F. Phone Main 1 7 IX
~ • VMXS1XSQ.
E.CDU6BES, niSK;".
m3W ADVEBTISETVTENTa.
MAXIM'S MAXIM.
Modest Claims Often Carry More
Conviction Than Loud Boasts.
When Maxim, the famous inventor,
placed his grin before a committee of
Judpes he stated its carrying power to be
considerably below what he felt sure the
gxin would accomplish. The result of the
trial was therefore a triumph of surprise
Instead of disappointment, as It might
have been If he had overestimated his
gun's efficiency.
Our claim regarding Newbro's Herpidde is
bacd on actual scientific facts. If a living
pro i* causing your hair to fall out. it's the
most 6*nelble thing to kill that germ. New-
bro's Herpidde does this quickly and effectual-
ly "Deetroy the cause, you remove th« effect."
Sold by leading druggists. Send 10c in
etamps for sample to The Herpidde Co., De-
trolt, Mich.
VnUr* Dmj FAIL T0
I a id tU 8 ee the beautiful
V COURT Lounging
Ofin room, the EMPIRE
UliU PARLOR, the
r - PALM ROOM.the
lira tin louis xv par-
UiaUU LOR, and the LA-
U . I DIES* WRITING
Hotels I room.
AMUSEMENTS.
Third Week of the' Great Success
"UNDER THE RED GLOBE"
COMBINED WITH
"THE THREE MUSKEETERS."
THE "ALL STAR" CAST
KOLB AND DILL.
BARNKY BERNARD.
WINFIELD BLAKE.
HARRY HERMSEN.
MAUDE AMBER.
And the Only Chorus.
RESERVED SEATS: Nights, 25c, 50c and
?5c; Saturday and Sunday Matinees. 25c and
50c; Children at Matinees, 10c and 25c.
Next Great Double Bill, Monday. August 10,
"THE BIG LITTLE PRINCESS"— "QUO
VASS ISS."
AT n A7 A T"> Be' 8 "™ & Mayer.
ALCAZAR £ D pr TSc
Gen. Mgr.
MAT. TO-DAY— TO-NIGHT— THIS WEEK.
GREATEST TRIUMPH OF
WHITE WHITTLESEY
In the First San Francisco Production of Hall
Caine's Great Heart Interest Drama,
THE MANXMAN
"Better Than the Christian."
Evgj., 25c to 75c; Mats. Thurs. & Sat. ,15c to 50c
Next Monday — The Sparkling Comedy,
THE BUTTERFLIES.
C7Watch for the Greatest 'of Rural Play*.
THE DAIRY FARM.
SUTRO _HEIGHTS.
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY AFTERNOONS
AND EVENINGS. August 1 and 2.
4 OPEN-AIR PERFORMANCES 1
Monster Testimonial to
NANCE O'NEIL
Who Will Make Her First Appearance, a*
"ROSALIND" in * Magnificent
Production of
"AS YOU LIKE IT."
An Unequaled Cast, Including
James J. Corbett
As "Charles," the Wrestler.
Reserved Seats, $1 and $1 50.
On Sale at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
BAY EXCURSION
On Steamer Columbia, Sunday. ' August 2. for
Antloch. San Joaquin River, stopping at Ben-
icia. Lunch" served on steamer at city prices.
Union band. Large space for dsndng. , Leaves
Waehlr.gton-e:. - wharf. \ Pier 3. at 10 ' a. m.
ADVESTigEarEiTTG. ... ;.
SICK HEADACHE
Positively cured by these
lAttlQ Pills.
They also relieve Distressfron Dyspepsia,
Indigestion aad Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect rtanedy for Dizziness, ICacsea, Drcnrsl-
aess, Bad Taste in tie MouSi, Coated Tongua
Paia in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regelate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pit]. Small Dose.
Small Prteft
AMUSE2EENTS.
H st li 4f^'(» SutM>sa3
~ tr • Proprietors.
Market St.. Near Eighth. Phone South 533.
TO-JTCGHT— OXE WEEK OKLT.
•M^TIXEES 6ATUKDAT AND SUNDAY.
' , The New York and London Success,
"A LIORTSJIEART."
HERSCHEL^MAYALL
And t&« CeatraJ Stock Company.
Intense Heart Interest! Thrilling Climaxes!
Brilliant Comedy!
DDTrCC Evenings.. 10c to Mo
rniWEj Mat.uee. XOc. IBc. 23c
MOr^AT. August S.
Edwin Arden's Famous Russian Drama,
"ZORAH."
VALID VAUDEVILLE!
Ume. Xon"rali; James J. Morton;
Macart's Dog-s and Monkeys;
Claudius and Corbin and the Bio-
graph. Last times of Claude Oil-
ling-trater and Company; Ethel
Levey; Orpheus Comedy Company
Four end the Three Polos.
Renewed Feati 2^: Balcony, 10c; Box Seats
• »r<l O^era Chairs. 50c.
l/VkblfORNIA
UBirf.!a Matinee To-daj\ 1 B-A
25c and Cue. ff
A Dramatic Triumph. * ¦
__ HXILL-JKOBOSCO CO.
75 Pr^Fertir-g Uenevlev* Halnt's 7. 1 ?
• tv nrilMant Society Drama, •**'
"%(\ KFA.KTS AFLAME. Cf\
--' v/ *Vlih,:tb* men brilliant *'**
O et~*e efiecu ever st*n. Six O R
•*"*"' niebts only. Prices— 75c. Rftc, JW
2?~. Souvenir Matinee Eat-
T. urdaj,- Next Sunday night,
'•Jar'ce - Meredith," th« ¦¦¦
Greatest of AH. Lg
H-E.ATRUI
QOLUMiSASS
* .- I,Ast (i >"4gkts— Matinee Saturday!
: ;AmeUa Bingham
'¦.An' 1 Her Cororaxy *n Clyde Pitch's Plays.
T/f-ir.g>t ; "THE CLIMBERS."
¦ JfyJfisv Ni^ht "THE CUMBERS."
Mat «-at 'THE TRIBKT MRS. JOHNSON."
•5*t. N'ght.."THE FRISKY MRS. JOHNSON."
NEXT MONDAY. August 3.
"THE COMUD1AN YOU ALL. KNOW."
EZRA KENDALL
la His <£eat Starring Comedy Success.
"THE- VINEGAR BUYER."
A Ijtdease for daughter. Seats Now Ready.
TIV0LISS5&
EVitRT NIGHT and SATURDAY MATINEE.
Jeecnd W««k cf the Greet Euceeaa of
. OAMILLE D'ARVILLE
• Za De Kovea's Comic Opera.
"The Highwayman"
Her Epecial Ei4areia*nt Hai Proved to Be the
Event of the Theatrical Season.
SPECIAL CAST.
¦ EDTTIN STEVENS la the great part of
rX)XT QCILJ-ER; Arthur Cunninrham. Ferris
Kertmaa. Ec;:ard Wel.b. Annie Meyera Bertha,
Davis, with the Tl roll's Eaperb Cosjpiny » n ij
Orch»«tr».
POPCLAB PRICES 25c, 60s. 7So
Telephone Buth 9.
GRANPSSSlt
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
SECOND \TEEK— EVERY NIGHT.
'. B/YMOND AND CAVEELY
And Our Ecperb New York Oompacy In
Tlle< New Whimsical Musical Eccentricity.
IN WALL STREET]
- The Same Production as Used by the Rogers
Brothers at the Victoria Theater
New York.
«XTW SONGS. SPECIALTIES. ETC.
Next— "IN HARVARD."
c PRICES— 25c. COc. 75c
ttl£tt-CJass Specialties Every Afternoon
* • < ° end fvening In the Theater.
,*?¦ TO-NIGHT.
GALA AMATEUR PERFORMANCE
Concluding WUIj
"new living pictures.
take a trip -down the flume."
The Wonderful Scenic Waterway.
FLECTRIC FOUNTAIN SATURDAY NIGHT.
ADXiESION 10c | CHILDREN 8c
ISABY TIGERS in the ZOO.
TASEBALL!
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE.
RECREATION PARK.
EIGHTH AND HARRISON — -
CHAMPIONSHIP GAMES.
THURSDAY AND FRIDAY. 3:30 P. M.; SAT-
> .. • CRDAY. 3:00 P. M.
'SUNDAY 2:30 P. M.
LOS ANGELES vs. OAKLAND.
i-AUII^' DAYS THURSDAY AND FRIDAY.
Airasct Eale, 5 Stockton St.
' bVG^&^^Sb^b^BS^B^. *" •¦¦¦" * tWwPr a&t— »^bJ^\ ' -" i u^^' ~^t.^^**^** p _*^y— » • - . A f& jtVm'w w$B^^^^^ *TROTTER WHICH HOLDS THE
WORLD'S RECORD (2:034)
FOR MARES.
- ST. LOUIS, J July 29.— The flf teen-roun3
bout scheduled S to j be fought ' here on Au
gust; 6 between 'Johnnie \ Regan of , St.
Louis and Abe Attell of San Francisco has
been declared off by request of Attell. VA
letter was received ," to-day -"from Attell.
who Msr now In Chicago, In which he de
clared that ' Illness has; Incapacitated him
from meeting Regan. ;
Attell Too . Ill to Fight.
PORTLAND, truly, 29.— A pair of two-bag
gera in the first Inning gave" the home team a
good lead to-day. Danny Shay, for San Fran
cisco, tied the score In the seventh with' a
home run. Hogg's . single and . Van Buren's
two-bagger in the same Inning won the game
for Portland. Score:
R. H.' E.
San Francisco. .1 0 0 1 0 01 0 0— 3 7 1
Portland ..... .30000010 x— 4 9 S
-Batteries — Whalen and Jacobs; Hogg 1 and
Vlgneaux. Umpire — McDonald.
SEATTLE. Wash.. July 20.— Seattle beat
Sacramento to-day. In A game . in which , loo«e
and brilliant fielding were about equal, main
ly by bunching hits off Thomas in the sev
enth inning. Score : '
¦ it. • h. ¦ b:
SeattI ....0 0 1 0 0 1 4 0 x— 6 9 3
Sacramento ....0 0 0 2 0 10 0 0—3 10 5
Batteries — Semple and Boettlgcr; Thomas
ABi. Graham. .... ; . ¦ „'•_• •_• ¦_ ,:>_} ¦; -
Ties the Score in the Seventh, but
Portland Finally Wins. '.;.:
SHAY'S HOME-BTJN HIT.
Corbett did all his : work yesterday In
the morning. In .the. afternoon, he came
to this city to witness Brother Joe do tho
twirling for the Los Angeles baseball
team. In tho evening he went to the
theater. . .
Corbett laughs at- the fears of some of
his friends that he may work himself out
and be all in when he. puts up his guard
in front of the champion of the world.
Jim asserts that he has done what the
wise man of ancient" times advised,
"Know thyself." V He Is confident he
knows himself and his limit and says that
If he does not clamber between the ropes
to do battle In the best possible physical
condition with the grizzly giant now at
Harbin Springs It will be because he could
not attain it.
Those who have seen James J. Corbett,
ex-champlon of pugdom, fitting himself
In Alameda to capture, if he can, the
championship from James J. Jeffries, are
invariably Impressed with the care and
earnestness Corbett devotes" to his train
ing work. Even his Bparrlng and wrest
ling partners. Sam Berger and Yank
Kenny, and they are both powerful and
husky men, complain occasionally of the
terrific pace the ex-champlon puts them
through In the every day routine train
ing.
Works in the Morning and Then
Goes in for Becreation.
EASY DAY FOB C0BBETT.
HAWTHORNE ENTBIES
CHICAGO. July 29.— Weather threatening;
track muddy. Hawthorne entries:
First race, five furlongs — Blumer.tha! 113,
Floral King 113. Touchstone 110, Nannie Hodge
110. Esherson 108. The Hebrew 10S, Major
Pel ham 108. Annora J 93.
Second race, steeplechase, short cour»>e,
handicap— Ceylon 1U>, Paulaker 13t>, Handvire
133. Slap Dash 132. Spurn 135. iloranda 130,
Miss Brandon 130. Indian II 128.
Third race, live and a half furicngs Com
petition etakes — Proceeds 125. English Lad 122,
Don Doma 111, Elwood 108, Commodore 108,
Sir Andrew 105.
Fourth race, six furlongs selling — Sardine
10!», Sharp Bird 109. Jaubert 107, Optional 105.
Bard Burns 104. The Forum 09. Krema 99,
Muresca. 97, Wolfram 05, Lord Toushwood 05.
Fifth race, one and an eighth miles, selling — •
Greeno^k 10C. Marcos 104. Bard of Avon 103.
Krne 101. Compass 101, Wing Dance 99, Little
Elkin 98, Prairie Dog 98, Prince Blazes 8S,
Fonsoluca 98. C. B. Campbell 98, Lampoon 91,
Seree «1. Orslna. 88.
Sixth race, seven furlonjrR — Grand Opera 112,
Cornwall 105, Schwalbe 104, Pat Morrtssey 104,
O'Hagen 102. Alllne Abbott 102. Callant 99.
IIAWTIIOR,\E SELECTION'S.
(By the Chicago Inter Ocean.)
Firat Kace Nannie Uodare, Touch
stone, FlornI Kins:.
Second Race Indian II, Ceylon,
Ml«» Drandon.
Third Kace— Proceeds, Commo
dore, Enfrllfih Lad. • ,
Fourth Race Mnresca, Sardine,
The Forum.
Fifth Race Orslna, Prince Biases,
Little Elktn.
Sixth Race — Grand Opera,
Sehwalbe, Cornwall.
BOSTON, July 29. — Champion Larned
had an easy time In the championship
match at Longwood to-day with "W. J».
Clothier, winning the match 2-6, 6-4, 6-0,
6-2. This gives Lamed two legs in the
Longwood cup, three being requisite for
the permanent possession. ;,
Champion Lamed Wins Easily.
Genius Wins Goodwood Plate.
LONDON, July 29.-Genlus won the
Goodwood Plate (a handicap of 800 sov
ereigns for 3-year-olds and upward two
xnlles) at the Goodwood meeting: to-day.
JAMAICA SELKCTIO.\S.
(By the New York Telegraph.)
\\luS?r ***** — Satlr '» G*vtota, G.
Third R^ce^ — Gold Dome, Ponapa,
October Monrr.
Fourth Race — Axtarfta, The
Gnardtman, Yellow Tail. - "
Fifth - n * <?e . — Ernest Parham.
Petra II, Joe Leaner. *
Sixth Racf — Thiatle Heather, Tim
Payne, Hacelwood.
Sixth race, five end a half furlongs, two
r*ar-«ld handicap — Hazelwood 122, Pentaur
121. Tim Payne ll'J, Thistle Heather 113.
Tla*-.rspnut 306. Emergency 104, Kedman 103
Funnjside 100. '
CIXTH RACK — One rnlle aod seventy yards:
X-'JTff; niare,« and geldings. 3-year-old and up:
Betting. Horpe. Weight. Jockey. St. »; Fin
*" to 1 — Courtmald. U« fMoCaff'ty) 2 11 l«i*
.,•3 V> 1— Lord Badge. 115 (Bullmn) 3 2 2 4'
IT. to 1 — Kuorham Queen. 07 (Haack) 1 4 3 h
m » Time. i\46:J-5. Start pood. Won ridden out.
Winner J. II. C*rr's ch. f. by Prince Royal-
Pailie iucAlifter. Young Henry 115 Squanta
.«!. Ccndimrr.t 103. Sublimity 10J, Cryptogram
' JOS, also ran.
JAMAICA ENTRIES.
NEW YORK. July 23. — Weather clear- track
last. Entries:
• First race, six furlong*, selling— Fleetful 103
Show Girl t»fl, '/"ourtmaid «6. Harry 9R Even
ing Light i«9. Pittacus »S. Tristewe ill. Our
Nu?get 101, .Thoughtless 101, Orloff 108, Osgocd
. lv>C.
Second race, on* mile and one furlong, hand
lT. l U v ~ L » r ' 1 E»<torill. Lady Potentate 109. G.
V. hittif-i 107, Satire 106. Circus 108. Lancemao
102. Irascible l(r_\ April Shower IK), Bar Le
Due UK Gaviota H2, Agnes D i>0.
Third race, five and a half furlongs,
maiden two-year-«ld!< — Gold Spot 109 Fern
Rock 112. Golden Mallow 112. Mohican 11 *>
Col. Roser 112. Berosa 112. Gold Dome 112!
-- Bouvier 100, October riower 109, Ponapa lttl
La Greque 1C3. Cap and Gown 103 Gay
iTZwi^v^ Grand 300 ' Short Cake
Fourth race. Fix furlongs. Clarendon handi
<-»rs-King Pepper ll». Yellow Tall llti. Astar-
U* . 11O '«« N " W Vork 104 > The Guardsman 93,
W alter !)5, lllyria BS.
Fifth race, one mile and nevenriy yards sell
}ie—rrne*t Parham 101. Early Eve 93. Sentry
:«.. Kins Carter »». Joe Lesser 104. Menslna
J«5. Petra II U:. Reformer 94. Dark Planet
104: Anak 1<J2. Gibson Light U9. Clneinnatu*
»1. Barbara Frettehie 92. Blue Victor IH Can
tain Ganisa 104. Locket 105. Star and Garter
w». Sir Florian 101, All Gold 102, Royal Pirate
85.
R. H. . K.
Spokane \ 0 0 0 2 1 0 v 0 0 2— 5 7 4
Los Angeles . .0 0 0 1 0 0 6 0 2— 0 16 2
Batteries — Dammann and. Zalusky; Strlck
lett and Hildebrand. ,t Umpire— Warner.
¦ R.' H. E.
Butte. .00000000 0 — 05 1
San Francisco. .0 110 2 0 5 0 0—9 17 2
Batteries— Bandelln • and Swindells ; Pflester
and Zearfoas. -Umpire — Coglan.
TACOMA.' "Wash., 'July 29.— Puttmann was
at his best to-day and fought Blewett a bni
llant pitchers' battle. * The Tigers accorded
the collegian high class support. That given
Puttmann was faulty. Score; •.
R. H. E.
Helena ...... ..0 0 1 0 0 0 0 © 0— 1 5 2
Tacoma ;... ...0 0 0 2 0 0 0 0 x — 2 4 1
Batteries — Puttmann and Carlsch;i Blewett
and Byers.' Umpire— Houston. •
SPOKANE; "Wash.. July 29.— Los' Angeles
bunched their hits in the seventh innlng\ to
day, winning the game. Strlcklett' held Spo
kane down to eight hits. , Attendance, '700.
Score:'.
SEATTLE. Wash.. July 29. — McCay was In
fine form to-day, while Wlggs was wild. The
patched-up^ Salt Lake team played well In the
field and had not Wlgga issued eleven passes
the score would have been held down. Score:
T> |T p*
Seattle .1 0 ft 1 0 2 2 0 x— 9 . 10 1
Salt Lake ....0 0000000 0—0 5 3
Batteries — McCay and Stanley; Wlggs and
Anderson. Umpire — Mahaffey.
BUTTE, Mont., July 29.— Pflester had Butte
at his mercy to-day. A row of nlr.e circles
tells of the locals' ineffectual attempt to con
nect with the curves of the clever Californlan.
On the other hand San Francisco found Bande
rUn easy and batted him to all parts of the
garden. Attendance, 600. Score:
• - ¦ (Pacific National League.) *
W. L. P"ct. W.. L. P*ct.
L Angeles. M. 33 .637 San Fran. .48 '44 .522
Butte 64 30 .600 Tacoma ...38 62 .422
Rpokana ..52 88 .578 Helena ....31 55 .360
Seattle ....47 41 .634 Salt Lake.. 9 16 .321
Pitcher Wiggs Is Unusually Liberal
in a Game at Seattle.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
CK. G. BILLINGS' marvelous
Callfornla-bred trotting mare,
Lou Dillon, did not try for the
world's record yesterday at
Cleveland, as planned, owing to
the heavy condition of the track.
The daughter of Sidney Dillon-Lou
Milton Is looked upon as a possible two
minute trotter, that animal which horse
men |have been trying to ! produce for
year*. The Illustrated Sporting News
says of her: • »
The appearance of a new trotting queen is
significant. The world's record has been held
frequently by geldings and onco by a stallion,
but the real slaughtering of time since 2:30 was
first beaten by Lady Suffolk, more than a half
century ago, has been done by mares. Lady
Thorne, Uoldsmlth Maid. Maud S. Nancy
Hanks and Allx were racing queens as well as
"watch queens.'.' It is a pity. In one respect,
that Lou Dillon, which trotted a mile in 2 :(>:{>?
at Cleveland two weeks ago, will not be raced
for money, as - then her real class, when
matched against the best campaigners of the
Grand Circuit, could be determined. Her own
er races only for cups and ribbons, however, so
the ordinary patron of harness contests may
not have the pleasure of seeing her. Of course
she will make a number of attempts during
the season to reduce her record, . and these will
be followed with the greatest interest. Lou
Dillon is really queen of trotting mares because
she has beaten the 2:03% of Allx. She has yet
to lower the 2:03% of The Abbot, a gelding,
and the 2:02Vi of Cresceus. a stallion. That
she will do It. however, few horsemen doubt.
Her mile at Cleveland was far faster than any
other trotter, regardless of sex, had ever gone
so early In the season, and sne moves with
such grace and ease, and gives such evidence
of reserve speed that good Judges predict she
will clip at least a second from the present
world's record, and may succeed in trotting a
mile In 2:00 before the snow files.
Road drivers and those who love *i>ort not
for the money there Is in it applaud Mr. Bil
lings' action in refusing to race his horses for
money, and hope Lnu Dillon, who has never
competed for a cent, will prove the trotting
marvel she seems to be.
ISSUES ELEVEN PASSES.
DELMAR ENTBIES.
ST. LOUIS, July 29.— Weather clear; track
fast. Entries:
Flr«t race, five furlongs, two-year-olds. sell
ing—Haven Run 98. Benton 101, Sweet Note
103 Foxy Grandpa 98, Leech 103. Pretension
106. Port Warden 103.
Second race, mile and twenty yards, three
year-olds and upward, selling — Rochester 99.
West Baden 104. Dr.' Hart 102. Eliza Dillon 100.
Oudenarde 107, Jerry Hunt 104, Ben Hemp
etead 102.- Mollie T Mtt, Lord NevM© 107,
Klngstelle 97, Eugenia S 97. Aules 108.
Third race six furlongs, two-year-olds,
purse — Swift Candle 100. Altto 105, Ancke 100,
Lady Vashtl 100. Dolly Gray 100. .
Fourth race, six iurlongs. the. Missouri
Stakes for two-year-olds — Angelee .96. Sartor
Resartus 100. Perla 107. Wreath of Ivy 103,
Mildred L 96, Ben Adklns 103. Orient 107.
Fifth race, mile and seventy yards, three
year-olds and upward, handicap— Evea O 92,
Light Opera 105, Orria 05. Henry of Fransta
mar 83, Taby Tosa 106. Golden Gutter 88.
Sixth race, one and a fourth miles, four
year-olds and upward, selling— Miss Eon 89.
Varner 104 Terra Incognita -103. Dr. Carrlck
106, Baronet 101, Rollick II 09. Hanan 103.
Class Leader 88. Pamplona 101. Burlap 91. Lat
eon 98. Irving Mayor 103. The Fiddler 103.
DELMAR SELECTIONS.
(By the New York Telegraph.)
Fimt Race — Pretension, Port
Warden. Benton.
Second Race— Anlei, Jerry Hunt,
KnEcnla S. «,-«,,
Third Knee — Ancke. Alflo. Dolly
Fourth Race Orient, Wreath of
iTy. Perla. . _
Fifth Race— Henry of Frannta
mar. LlRht Opera, Orrln.
Sixth Race— Lation, Alias Eon, The
Fiddler. _ :
The Reorganized crippled band of Oak
land baseball artists, under the personal
chaperonage of the venerable Peter Loh
man, are with us once more. They hied
themselves to the Eighth-street lot yes
terday afternoon In order to give bat
tle to the Angels, and, as is usually the
case, they were honoreot*with the smaller
portion of the runs. Score, 5 to 4.
Brother Joe Corbett installed himself
in the pitcher's box with the air of a man
who Is about to be King for a day. Joe
had reason to take on a look of pride, for
way up in the grand stand, with a party
of friends and admirers, sat James J.,
swelled with pride at the sight of Joe do-
Ing the big stunt for the big team of the
league.
Joe performed well In the main. He had
one fault — wlldness. As the game pro
gresed he seemed to overcome It
and the more he pitched the better he
became. In all the Cripples only located
three of his offerings, though errors al
lowed them to circle the bases four times.
Then Joe turned In and struck out seven
men, something that does not happen dur
ing the progress of every ball game.
Graham, for the Cripples, was also suf
fering from his old complaint, wildness,
and his unsteadiness could be noticed in
nearly every inning. The Bupport of the
southpaw was about 100 per cent bet
ter than that tendered his opponent on
the slab. But for that he wourd . have
probably lost the game by many runs
instead of by but one.
Kruger came in contact with one of
Corbett's rapid shoots in the fifth inning
and was knocked out. The ball nit him
square on the skull and he was In thf
land of dreams for several minutes. The
shock was a severe one and for a time
the lad was unable to see. He has lost
the use of his senses for the time being
and may be out of the game for weeks as
a result of the unfortunate accident. The
score: -
. Oakland — Log Angeles —
AB. R. H. P.A. AB. R. H. P.A.
O'Hra.3b 4 2 113 Hoy. cf ..2 1 ,0 0
Frncks, s.4 1 1 1-6 Whir, 2b 3 0 0 2 0
Mrdck.rf 3 0 110 Smth,3b .56100
Bxter, 2b 4 0 0 6 4 Dlllon.lb 3 1 2 12 1
Krgler.lf 10 0 10 Crvth, rf 2 1 0 0 0
Mkmn.cf 3 0 0 2 0 Ross. If .4 1 1 0 0
Oortn, c.8 0 00 1 Tomn, ¦ .3 0 • 0 3 3
Msrly.lb 2 0 0 13 1 Spies, c ..2 0 0 8 0
Grahm.p 4 10 0 3 Crbtt. p ..4 0 3 2 0
Lohmn.c 2 0 0 2 0 ¦ —
Totals 33 6 7 27 9
Totals 30 4 3 27 IS
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Los Angeles 0 3*1 0 0 0 1 0 0—5
Base hits 0 21 0 1 12 0 0—7
Oakland 1 0 2 rt 0 0 1 O z — 4
Base hits 00 2 0 10 09 x— 3
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — O'Hara, Francks, Toman, Bax
ter, Kruger. Error* — Wheeler (2), Smith,
O'Hara, Toman. Two base hlta — Dillon, Smith
Sacrifice hits — Francks, Cravath (2), Wheeler,'
Mosklman, Hoy. First base on errors — Oak
land 3; Los Angeles 1. First base on called
balls — Off Graham 5; off Corbett 3. Left on
bases — Oakland tt; Los Angeles 7. Struck out —
By Graham 2; by Corbett 7. Hit by pitcher—
O'Hara, Gorton. Kruger, Spies. . Double plays-
Dillon to Toman to Dillon,- Wheeler to Dillon,
to Messerly. Passed ball— Lohman.
wild pitch — Corbett. Time- of game — 1:50.
Umpire— O'Connell.
(Pacific Coast League.) /
W. L. P"ct. W. L. P"ct.
L Anseles.ttJ 88 A"V> Seattle ...45 68 .4.17
San Fran. .63 4S .568 Portland ..42 50 .42D
Sac'mto ..57 CO .533 Oakland ..46 69 .4110
STANDING OF THE CLUBS
The opposition favors William Greer
Harrison for president and John J. Glea
son' for leader, but Is unpledged to the
other directors.
,iMr. Harrison has taken a stand
against the opposition. He has the ut
most faith In the present board of direc
tors and does not Intend to sit Idly by
and see them ousted. With the present
board of directors to advise him, Mr. Har
rison has been enabled to make many im
provements in the club. To-day it Is In
better condition than It has ever been in
Its existence. Its membership is 2500 and
there Is a waiting list of more than 100.
On next Tuesday night the members will
meet to elect a nominating committee.
The regular nominating committee whose
names will appear on the ballot prepared
by the friends of President Harrison are:
J. D. Spreckels, "W. H. Hanrahan, A. P.
Hampton. Herman Oelrichs and L. L.
Cooper. If this ticket is elected by the
members the present board of directors
will, In a\l probability, be named. If the
opposition is successful they will decline
to nominate Vice President Judge
J. C. B. Hebbard, £ Captain Wil
liam Mackle, Director W. • D. Shea
and ! Secretary John Elliott. The op
position's main fight is against John El
liott, the secretary. The^ fight Is led by
men who are opposed to Mr. Elliott by
reason of differences that have arisen in
amateur athletic circles.
The members of the Olympic Athletic
Club are perturbed over the attempt to
bring about a change In the present ad
ministration. The election of officers for
the ensuing year will be held shortly and
thofe who oppose the present board of di
rectors Intend putting up an opposition
ticket.
RIVAL TICKETS
IN THE FIELD
ANGELS SUBDUE
PETE'S CRIPPLES
SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs, selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «;. Fin.
7 to 1— Una Price, 107 (Baker) 4 4 12
8 to 1— Dr. Hart. 105 (Sheehan)... 7 7 2 1«4
5 to 1— H. Griffith. 06 (Gullet) 3 2 3 1
Time 1:15%. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner Lafferty A Son's ch. m. by Once Again-
Miss Price. Aylmer Bruce 89, Cotton Plant
107. Algaretta 1C4, Lady Obey 103, Also Ran
II 107, Judge Pettus 107. Mada Bell 103, Par
nassus 105, also ran.
FIFTH RACE— Mile, selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «;. Fin.
9 to 2— Cantrill. 09 (Bridwell) 3 4 1 h
9 to 10— Pirateer. 109 (Smith) 7 6 2 n
13 to 5— Olonetz. 105 (Booker) 5 1 3 15
Time 1:42%. Start good. Won driving.
Winner J. T. Hirth & Co.'s b. g. by Fabulous-
Mago. Blsuka 104. Ultra Vires 102. N'eversach
102, Ranchman 105, also ran.
FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs, handicap:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. %. Fin.
11 to 2— Kindred. 106 (Sheehan) 1 1 1 l*i
3 to 2— Bas d'Or, 112 (Higglns)...6 6 2 1
6 to 1— Hilee, lt'8 (Troxler) 4 2 32
Time 1:15. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner E. and L. Bohlman's b. h. by Kingston-
Kitty L. Belvina 106. Travers 100, Deutsch
land 109, Foundling 106, Mabel Wlnn 06, also
ran.
THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
purse : -
Betting. Horse Weight, Jockey. St. «4 Fin.
8 to 5— Scalper, 108 (Troxler) 2 1 1 »
8 to &— Bugler. Ill (A. W. Baker). 5 3 2a.
4 to 1— Lord Hrmnce, 111 (Smith) 4 5 3 8
Time, 1:10%. Start poor. Won easily. Win
ner. E. S. Gardner's br. c. by Quickllme-Sou
brette II. Brancas 111,' Max Rose 10S, Lonlaoa
1U0, also ran.
SECOND RACE— Five furlongs: celling:
Betting. Horse Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
5 to 1 — Q. Girl, 101- (Bridewell).. 2 116
2 to 1— Athena 100 (D. Austin).. :i 3 2 4
13 to 1— Bird Pond. 100 (Hifrgins). 6 5 3 3
Time. 1:03. Start good. Won handily. Win
ner, W. M. Rogers' br. f. by Montana- Dem* re.
St. Roche 106, By Right 05, Sartor Resartus
103, Mendon 1C3. Anna Hardy 95, Tlomalne
100, Swe«t Myrtle 05, Haven Run 100, also ran.
FIRST RACTO — Six furlongs; selllur:
Betting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. «i Fin.
4 to 1 — K. Muddle. 103 (W.Wtsn) 5 3 11
0 to 1— Miss Gutdo. 105 (J. Shehn)ll 5 2 1
10 to 1— Aline S, 100 (Gullet) 113 3
Time, 1:1814. Start good. Won handily.
Winner, W. J. Foley & Co.'s ch. i. by Lord
Esterllng-Angelica. Caelana &<». Clinton B lOa.
Poyntz 110, Goudy 01, Topsy Over 80. Lou
Beach 96. Paddington 105, Leon De 01. Axarea
100, also ran.
ST. LOUIS, July 29.— The fourth race,
a six-furlong handicap, was the feature
of a very fair midweek card at Delmar
to-day. Eight starters faced the barrier
In this event, with Bas d'Or a warm pub
lic favorite. Kindred, the second choice
In the betting, proved to be the best, win
ning easily. Five other well filled races
made up the day's card. Tho weather
was fair and the track fast. Summary;
Special Dispatch to The Call
FIFTH- RACE — Pix furlongs; 2-year-olds;
sr-'ling :
E.'uir.g. Hor-ve, "height. Jockey. St. *; Fin.
« to 5— .Sailor Knot. 107 (Hicks).. 1115
•> to 1 — Ned Moore. 102 (Wilkerson) 9 5 2 h
5 to 1— Donntlly. 102 (Fuller) 7 3 Sn
Time. 1:1.1. Start poor. Won easilr. Win
ner. H. F. Meyers b. c. by Sailor Prince-Sea
Bird. Silent Water 102.' Auf Weiderschen 3S,
Monitor m. Honey Bee 104. Hands Up 100. Ti-
Tncnic 1C2. Gold Tip ST. Electric 99. Bomblna
'•''. Lee Harrison ST. Ointment «5, also ran.
Time. 1 :47 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
JVinnt-r J. Boden's ch. f . • by Hastings- Lady
.tiosemiixy. Tugal Bey ins, Athelroy 10S, De
Kaber *>&.• Colontay 113. also ran.
FOURTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles;
iHinton S'akes; 3-year-olds:
Betting, iiorse, We:gfct. Jockey. St. \ Fin.
5 to 2 — Rosetint, 10S (Cochran)... 2 114
1 to 1— Duke Kendall. 113 «Odom). 14 2 2
5 to J— Sheriff. Bell. 113 (Fuller).. 4 2 3 =4
¦ ildt.; flie . : a a half furlongs:
Hett'-vg. liorse. Weight. Jockey. St. »4 Fin.
."• to » — M. Theo. 112 «Odom) 7 6 1 n
:{1o 1 — Black Socks. 1T2 iHaack).. 2 2 2 3
K ts 1 — Flower, 112 iWilkerson)... 4 3 3 h
* Time. 1:CS 3-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner, J. McLaughlin's b. f. by Lissak-
Sladam Reed. Revelation 112. Glad Smith 112,
Miss Shylock 12% Clear ihe Arena 112. Zagate
112. A. Hastings 112, Li a a Lieb 112. Belle of
JVrtland 112.- Caddie Mac 112 and Privilege
THIRD RACE— Purse; maiden fillies. 2-year-
. RACE— Selling : three-year-olds and
tifiward; nslle and TO yanis:
letting. Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
7 to 1— Ella Snyder, K7<McCa3erty) 4 1 1 n
« to 2— Sarcbo. nw .Hicks) 12 » 24
« to 1— Jithics, loo (Cochran) » 7 3 n
Time. 1:M 4-5. Start fair. Won driving.
Winner. I. Franks' ch. f. by St. Florian-Esher
Oeveland- Ltrii>*.ie t»7. Homenead 106. Carroll
I> 101. Kittal 107. Justice 101, Marcellian >H,
• 'aranlafs UM. Water Tower 10<5. Lady Mls
.tttke M and Merito 105 also ran.
FIRST •ivVCB— Handicap, all ages; 6ix fur-
BeVtHig* Horse. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
h \<»i — Du.-U*t. 103 « Fuller) 3 1 1 h
« to 1— Weailh. 9*. iWilkerson) 2 3 2 4
6 to 1 — Invincible. 107 iGennon)... 4 4 3 3
Tln-iC. 1:14. Start good. Won eased up. Win
ner. V r Farrell's t>. g. by -Odd Fellows-Ella
V^uke Northern S:ar 12J. St. Sever W. lel
lowtafl 122, Monte Carlo 100 and Roue 'J2 albO
¦•an.
Rosetint had an easy time winning the
Punton stakes. Duks of Kenfial was an
•rven money favorite, but he could not get
,'iiear Rosetint at any part of the race.
"RcsctSn* jrot oJf second and at the first
*urn took the load and remained in front
the rest of the way. Sheriff Bell was
p.*.ond\o the Ftretch, where Duke of Ken
dall passed him. Summary:
In the .opening event Northern Star was
first choice, but he never was dangerous
it any jyint. Roue was away first, but
Duelist soon rated out in front and won
JAilAICA ItACE TRACK. July 29.—
This was a good day for racing, the
ucather being cool. The six events were
CCX& filled. • The Dunton stakes was the
feature of the card.
6p*cl*l Dispatch to The Call
Time, 1:10 3-5. Start good. Won easily.
Winner. F. Cook's br. c. by Bermuda-Gratitude.
Black Wolf 103. Martlus 108, George R. Harri
son 100. Lord French 10.1, Gus Quarles 103,
also ran.
SIXTH RACE — Five and a half furlongs;
purse:
Betting. Horse, Weight. Jockey. Et. % Fin.
6 to 1 — Father Tallent. Ill (Itomk) 4 1 12<4
8 to 5 — Blue Darter. 108 (Helgesn) 3 2 2 4
11 to 2— Pat Hammon. 108 (Gray). 6 5 31
FIFTH RACE— Mile; selling:
Betting. Horoe. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
16 to 5 — lioablna, 102 (Adklns) 3 114
2 to 1— Meehanus. 114 (Domlnlck).12 3 2 5
40 to 1 — Chas. Granger. 109 (Gray)ll 2 3 n
Time, 1 :46. Start good. Won easily. Win
ner, J. Ownby's b. f. by Bradford-Clever. Ma
jor Dixon 106. Moor 10C, Max Bendlx 111, Alum
Water 109. Ermack 102, Bud Embry 109. Mister
Timberlake 104, Uaple 109. Jim Clark 116, also
ran.
Time, 1:44 4-5. Start cood. Won driving.
Winner, E. G. Stutte's ch. c. by Dr. Rice-
Constance IV. Marchmont-II 04, also ran.
FOURTH RACE — Mile; purse:
Betting. Horpe. Weight. Jockey. St. % Fin.
1 to 2— Sid. C. Love. SH5 (Helgesen). 1 1 In
5 to 2 — Warte Nlcht. 0« (Knapp)... 2 2 2 ."{'4
« to 1— Talpa, 102 (Adklns) 3 3 3 20
THIRD RACE— Sir furlongs; highweight
handicap:
2 to 5— *Oror.te, 105 (Helgesen) 2 2 lh
5 to 2— Bruiare. 117 (Henry) 3 3 2 14
2 to 5— Mohn Peters, 120 (Domnck) 1 1 3 1^
Time. 1:J<$. Start good. Won driving. Win
ner. S. C. Hildreth's br. g. by Ornament — Ju
dith. Father Wentker 112. Ran Gallant 100,'
also ran. 'Coupled in betting.
SKCOXD RACE — Mile and seventy yards;
selling:
Betting. Horse. Weight, Jockey. St. a; Ft n .
7 to 1— Sir Hugh. 100 <Adkins)... 5 1 1214
4 to 1— Floyd K. lftJ (Wilson) 2 2 2 8'
10 to 1— Sailor's Dream. 107 (Bonr)10 4 3 G
Time. 1: 45 3-5. Start good. Won in gallop.
Winner, D. S. Fountain's b. g. by Salvator-
Scotch Fir. Lady Matchless 103. Pirate 107.
Itob Franklin 105. Nimble Xae 103, La Honda
t)8, Galba 108, Prodigal Son 110, also ran.
The other events were very ordinary af
fairs. The weather was threatening; the
track a sea of mud. Summary:
FIRST RACE— Four and a half furlongs;
pur**: ,
Hettinjr. Horse, Weight. Jockey. St. »i Fin.
12 to 1 — Witchcraft. 105 (ttobhinis) 3 1 UU
13 to 10 — Nan. Hodge. 109 < Wilson) 4 2 2 3'
6 to 1 — Trompeuse, 109 (Knight). 1 4 8 *4
Time, :57. Start roor. Won easily. Win
ner. P. \Y. Street & Co.'a ch. f. by Horoscope-
Queenston. Sweetie 105, Badger Girl 112. Miss
Mollie 105. M!*« Couchlin 105. Katie Powers
105. Red Rlrd 103. Liberty Bell 100. Buriey
Les3 10."). Maiwells 100, Over the Rhine 105.
also ran.
Hildreth's entry. Oronte and John Pe
ters, was held at prohiuitlon odds in the
six-furlong handicap, the feature of the
card to-day at Hawthorne. John Peters
was the one Hi'dreth expected to win
with, but to his surprise Oronte proved to
be the best and barely won by a head
from Brulare < which beat John Peters a
length and a' half.
It is said that the stewards have un
earthed the secret cause of the defeat of
so many heavily played favorites and that
one man is known and another suspected.
Detectives wer*» hot on the trail of the
second man yesterday and Judge Bryan,
while not disposed to give out any infor
mation, said thjt he hoped to be in pos
session of all facts and details to-mor
row.
CHICAGO. July 29,-It is said that proof
has been obtained by the stewards of the
Chicago Jockey Club that James Ar
thur's Bondage was "doped" in the July
Selling Stakes on Monday, which caused
him to make the disgraceful showing that
he dld t finishing last in a field of eight"
after being backed from 4 to 1 down to
3 to L James Arthur, the owner of the
colt, thought he would win sure and is
said to have induced plunger Joe Yeager
to back Bondage to win the stake.
Another rumor Is current that the same
persons who "doped"' Bondage also doped
Bragg yesterday after he had been backed
from 4 to 1 down to 11 to 5. Bragg finished
last, ten lengths behind his flelu.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Jeffries' great strength showed to
marked advantage in the bouts with Joe
Kennedy, for he would brush the latter
and his 195 pounds off as if he were an
Alaskan "skeeter." Kennedy's powers of
assimilation were admired by thosa
watching the men work, for be was tha
receiving end for some swings that
would have kept the bells on the nickel
ln-the-slot punching machines throughout
the State ringing as when a general alarm
of fire Is sounded. While Jeffries' foot
work may have shown no Improvement,
he was much faster with his hands. In
one of his rounds with Kennedy the big
fellow worked a shift on Joe which must
be a new wrinkle on the menu. It land
ed on the latter's jaw, bringing forth tha
exclamation from Bob Fitzsimmona,
"Well, you got it in the first time!" Whila
his two sparring partners were well wind
ed, Jeffries walked about the gymnasium
during the interval of rest with no bellows
to mend, only squatting on his legs but
twice after the seventh And ninth rounds
for about thirty seconds.
The boxing done, he skipped the rope
and indulged in phantom boxing with tha
light dumb bells. In' the afternoon he
played whist and after dinner was a par
ticipant in the ball game. This out of the
way, he easily, defeated Joe Kennedy la
some' sprinting coatests, conceding tlf»
latter a liberal handicap. He then at
tended a show at the springs hall, whera
he and Fitzsimmons made business good
by harpooning friends with hatpins, and
that's going some.
While Trainer Billy Delaney, who is in
clined to be cautious, has advised his
friends all over not to bet that Jeffries
will win inside of ten rounds, the big fel
low undoubtedly opines differently and is
unquestionably confident ha will turn tha
trick. That ho Is going to mako a fierce
rushing fight is certain, and It will re
quire merry sidestepping on Corbett'a
part to duck these savage onslaughts.
Although many of the punches delivered
by Jeffries to-day would dislodge tha ma
sonry In the new Flood building ha re
marked that he had not let himself out.
For several days Bob Fitzsimmons has
had his name down for a go with Jef
fries, but is so engrossed with waiting
on the new Mrs. Fitzsimmons that all bC
his business engagements « have been
broken. To-day, however, it seems to ba
in the cards and there Is every likelihood
of the two donning the mlts. "Fits" was
asked what he thought of Oeorga Gard
ner's ultimatum, stipulating that tha Aus
tralian should come down to 163 pounds.
"Why. that's a bloomln' fine bluff." said
Bob, "when only a few weeks ago ha was)
so anxious to meet me that he would al
most concede that I ba allowed a horse
shoe in each glove and was willing to bet
15000 on the side. Well. I'll tell you what
I'll. do; I'll meet that duffer at 153 pounds
and that may hold him for a time."
V F. E. MULHOLLAND.
The champion retired early Monday
night and at 7 o'clock Tuesday morning
Issued from his cottage for a short warm-
Ing up exercise. The sore leg gave no
further cause for anxiety. Just after too
stage pulled out, well filled with depart
ing guests, who wished Jeffries all sorts
of good luck, the champion started for
the gymnasium with his sparring part
ners. Brother Jack and Jo© Kennedy.
If he retains his present form the Jef
fries who will face James J. Corbett on
August 14 will not be the same Jeffries
who, appeared so slow In the ring with
Bob Fitzsimmons. Ten round* were in
dulged in this morning and despite tha
reports of the champion's alleged careless
hdblta he would not "blow out a candle "
after the first round. ;^Y- '¦•
From what Billy Delaney says there la
every possibility that the herculean boil
er-maker will remain here at the springs
until within a few days of the contest.
For a reason. Delaney says he can do
his work without being subject to the in
trusion of visitors, who will want to teat
the big fellow's lung power, feel his mus
cles and ask a hundred and one silly
Questions.
HARBIN SPRINGS. July 29.-B1* Jta
Jeffries started up the mill again Tues
day and once more settled down to harJ
grind. Those who expected Jim would
pitch camp and start In on the finishing
touches at Oakland on August 2 are apt
to be disappointed.
The Latter Offers to Fight
George Gardner at 1 58
Pounds.
Scalper Comes Home in the
Lead, in a^Two-Year
* Cftci Race.
Toot .Showing by Northern
Star and Yellow Tail
' in a Sprint.
Froof That Drugs Are Ad
ministered to Deaden
Speed of Horses. ;
Bas d'Or Second in the
Feature Event at
Delmar.
Hawthorne Stewards
Uncover Sensational
Scandal.
He Is Much Faster Than
When He Defeated
Fitzsimmons.
Duke of Kendal, the
* \ Favorite, Runs
Second.
DUNTON STAKES
FOR ROSETINT
KINDRED TAKES
THE HANDICAP
"DOPE" DEFEATS
THE FAVORITES
JEFFRIES SUMS
FINE CONDITION
THE SAN FK ANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 30, 1903.
SPORTS OF THE TROTTING AND RUNNING TURF, THE RING AND THE FIELD
Horsemen Are Sure She Will Beat the World's Record
of 2:02 I -4 Held by Gresceus and Believe She Will
Prove the Two-Minute Trotter Before Snow Flies
QUEEN OF AMERICAN TROTTING TURF
IS CALIFORNIA MARE LOU DILLON
8
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
HOTEL DEL IONTE
ANNOUNCES
SPORTS
POLO AND RACES— August I to 8, under
the auspices or the Paclnc : Coast Polo and
Pony Kaclns; Association, R. M. Tobln Secre-
tary. ¦ Kntrles to - and ' Information from 131
Crocker building. San Francisco. ;
AUTOMOBILE RUN— August 6 to 11. from
San Francisco. Including meet Rt Del ¦ Monte,
under the auspices of the Automobile Club of
California. F. A. Hyde President. ¦ Entries to
1S1 Crocker Building, San Francisco. . ¦ ¦
.; GOLF TOURNAMENT— August 24 to . SI.
under auspices of the Pacific Coast Golf Asso-
ciation, R. Gllman Brown Secretary. Entries
to 810 Pine street. San Francisco, v . (
OPEN CHAMPIONBHIP, TEAM HATCH,
for Byrne Cup. North vs. South. ,.'.;,;': :
DEL MONTE CUPS— Amateur Tournamtnt,
LadleaV Tournament. ¦, -:"; SlfiSSSi •¦'.,-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
QKUS.fiES OUT
THE LlFk^lJf O
The most loathsome and repulsive of all
living things is the serpent, and the vilest and
most degrading of all human diseases is Contagious Blood Poison The
serpent sinks its fangs into the flesh and almost instantly the poison passes
through the entire body. Contagious Blood Poison, beginning with a little
ulcer, soon contaminates every drop of blood and spreads throughout the
whole system. Painful swellings appear in the groins, a red rash and
copper colored splotches break out on the body, the mouth and throat
become ulcerated and the hair and eye brows fall out ; but these symptoms
are mild compared to the wretchedness and suffering that come in the latter
stages of the disease when it attacks the bones'and more vital parts of the
body. It is then that Contagious Blood Poison is seen in all its hideous-
n if SS ' -l. T p Un 8T abscesses and sickening ulcers and tumors show
the whole system is corrupted and poisoned, and unless relief comes soon
this serpent disease tightens its coils and crushes out the life. The only
antidote for the awful virus is S. S. S. It is nature's romody, com-
S /^ ,/— -s posed entirely of vegetable ingredients. S. S. S.
n^M |O^ destrovs every vestige of the poison, purifies the
V^^ V^V blood and removes all danger of transmitting the
N-^/ awful taint to others. Nothing else will do this.
v *™ 1^ Strong mineral remedies, like mercury and potash!
dry up the sores and drive in the disease, but do not cure permanently.
Send for our home treatment book and write us if in need of medical
Advice or special information. This will cost you nothing.
>•£<£: THE SWin SPECIFIC CO., ATLAHTA, GA.
.' AJVEBTISTSTWrrrTTa.
II CAN DO THIS FOR YOU! I
e _ /""""N. I F TOU DON>T feel •
• .i^S^llV^ *VL* \ my Electrlc Belt. If you ara %
OS XjfrjijjgKjP 1* I dtlV 4s^
5 RaSv . \ V_ *"^^=» >i: =S=— -2^\» chronic* lame back foryean. I •
0 gSW, I \ *-5?^^<#>^-* am pleased to say rhat after O
O WlM I N V three months' use d your Belt O
X KSyA S v V -/ J&5&2§m¥ I am completely cured and as q
X JMJ \V * «^ / j/XfflcSmSSr well as I ever was.
© PJ XV. , yKsii SSsy If " were not for the «»
® 1» ZflL \ f I w v* I prejudice dne to the O
Q 'a /TWi. vUUil^S-C I .•"**£? ninSr^A Jcrent number of fake* O
2 a JM^^^^flJ^^S^S^Wj be Able to handle the Z
A SR&vV MB«£&r fraud and the '*Krre 9
A '£§S^ Drne" ncheme. which are m
2 fitSHisSw 2^??/iV^»sS^CT^^erf(S not free Bt Bl1 ' hnv « made a
2 TwfSSrai^ 11 "*^ ¦'TC-r'/ V\S*llB33*!i4eIfw2H# every one nkepticni. bat "T
• AS?. i \ V*£&l5M*t£gy know that I have a C ood •
0 -^j&r -^^~- Tsfrffr^rTTirtr"^™'' thlnar, and 111 hammer O
away until yon know It. ©
% One thing every man ought to know is this: Tour body Is a machine. It 9
A is run by the steam In your blood and nerves. When you begin to break down Q
0 In any way you are out of steam. That's just what I want to give you back. $
0 Mr. John O'Brien. 1453 Fifth St.. Oakland. Cal.. writes: I suffered Intensely 0
_m from verey severe lumbago. Plasters and medicines afforded no relief. After using a
J? your Belt for nine days my pains were gone and I have been free from suffering ever
• since. ' - •
• I have a core In every town. Tell me where you lire and 1 will •
© fflve yon the name of a man I've cured. Q
• Tell me your trouble and I will tell you honestly whether I can cure you •
41 or not. If I can't cure you I don't want your money. I have been In this 0
© business 22 years, and am the biggest man in it to-day by long odds, and 0
0 I am growing yet, because I give every man all he pays for. rj
m Now wouldn't you rather wear my life-giving appliance while you sleep a
Z ¦ every night, and feel Its glowing warmth pouring into you. and feel yourself 5?
2 taking on a new lease of life with each application, than to clog your lntes- £k
g tines up with a lot of nauseous drugs? Surely! Try me. ©
•** . Mr. James Cuyler. Reno, Nev.. writes: I have used your electric Belt and can J
truthfully say that it has cured me of what was supposed to be a hopeless case of •
0 lame back. I am now In perfect health and the credit Is all due to your treatment. , 0
• If you will. come and see me I'll explain to you. If you can't call, let ma #
0 send my book, full of the things a man finds inspiring to strength and cour- 0
0 age. Free if you send this ad. 0
• NEVER SOLD IX DRUG STORES OR BY AGEXTS. 0*
• Dr. M. C. McLaughllh, 008 JSv^ •
0 . Office Hours — S a. m. to 8 p. m. Sundays. 10 to L 0arrived.
{ . Wednesday, July 20. .
Stmr Westport, Smith, ,'62 -hours 'from San
PC<lr0 -\. -SAILED- V;N
; Wednesday, July 29.
Stmr Arctic. Reiner, Eureka. -
OUTSIDE. BOUND IN, MIDNIGHT.
Bktn John Palmer, brig Lurline and schr
Ellen Guhderson. . •
. . . DOMESTIC PORTS.
. HARDY- CREEK — Arrived July. 29 — Stmr
MarshHeld, from San Diego. . ;
MENDOCINO — Arrived July 29— Stmr Gua
lala. hence July 28. - : • • ' •
CLEONE— Sailed July 29— Stmr Brooklyn,
for San Francisco. ¦ ¦ ; „;??¦:-->-¦*•-.:„^
•ISLAND PORT. "
HONOLULU— Arrived July 29— Br stmr Do
ric, hence July 23,-fcr Hongkong, etc.
' FOREIGN; PORT.
YOKOHAMA— galled July 20— Stmr Empress
of Japan, from for .Vancouver. ,
- • - OCBAN, STEAMERS. ®
LIVERPOOL. — Sailed July .- 29— Stmr •-.• Ger
manic, for. New • York,-, via' Queenstown; . stmr
Haverford. for ¦¦- Philadelphia, via Queenstown.
NEW VORK~Arrlved July * 23— stmr ¦ Teu
tonic, from , Liverpool and Queenstow»
Late Shipping Intelligence.
JACKSON, July 29.— Enrico Ginocchio, a
pioneer merchant of Jackson, died Sunday
night. ¦; The funeral to-day was the largest
witnessed in the county for years.' All
the business. houses were closed for three
hours. The Pioneers and Native Sons at
tended in regalia and from all parts of
the county prominent citizens came In re
spect to his memory. He had 'been con
tinuously in the general merchandise busi
ness as head of the firm of Ginocchio
Bros. . for nearly forty years.
Enrico Ginnochio.
ALPENA, Mich., July 29.— A. severe
wind, rain and thunder storm, accompan
ied by hail, passed through Alpena and
Presque Isle Counties last night, . doing
much damage to fruits' and crops. Six
persons were killed and four 1 seriously in
jured " by lightning. The dead : James
FIngleton,* in Wilson township; James
McForest and his wife, at Harrisville;
Del Crothers, near Ona way; Andrew Han
sen and a cousin, at Long Rapids;
Lightning Kills Six Persons.
WASHINGTON. July- 29.— Th« District Su
preme Court to-day fixed August 5 for hearing
on the demurrer of August W. Machen for
merly general superintendent of the free de
livery division of the Poatofflce Department,
to the Indictments against him.
SEATTLE. July 29. — Three men were killed
to-night by a slide of earth In the southern
end of the Great Northern tunnel, which is
under construction beneath the city of Seattle.
They were Frank Smith. American; Joe Ciarlo
and Francheski Vorgeske. Italians.
NEW YORK, July 29.— John A. Mooney. LL.
D., one of the best known and prominent Cath
olic literary men in the United States, is dead
at Hurricane; In- the Adlrondacks, where ha
was spending the summer. He. was 63 years,
of age and had been a constant contributor to
the Catholic press and periodicals and to sev
eral . foreign publications, as be wrote and
upoke German. Italian . and . French fluently.
His last work was a biography of Archbishop
Ccrrieaa.
PITTSBURG. July 29.— Indication* point to
an almost entire suspension of building opera
tions In the Pittsburg district within forty
eight hours, the result of a fight between the
Building Trades Council and the Building Ex
change members.
SANTA ROSA. July 20.— Judge Burnett has
approved the bonds of Miss Mary Temple and
Jackson Temple, administrators of the estate
of the late Mrs. Christiana Temple widow of
the late Supreme Justice. Bonda v were fixed
at $92,000 each
WASHINGTON, July 29.— Mrs. Anna Agnew
Davis, widow of the late Senator Cushman K
Davis of Minnesota, and Hunter DoU of Knox
ville, Tenn., were married at the bride's home
in this city to-day. . ...
PHILADELPHIA. July 29.— Eight hundred
Weavers employed in the Dobson mill whi
have been on strike for nine weeks returned
to work to-day without their demands bein«
granted. '..,.. B
SANTA ROSA. July 29.— G. Bertoll di«l
here to-day from the result of terrible burns
received two weeks ago by the explosion of an
oil la.ni p. ° %
The flood of Brltt money In the betting
market has made the Californlan light
weight a pronounced 1 to 2, choice over
Jack O'Keefe in to-morrow night's fight.
The bettors are apparently' out of line,
taking O'Keefe's two fights with Brltt
as a basis of reckoning. It seems thm
old story of seeing only the home boy,
which occurs in fight after fight in this
city. Sometimes the odds are justified,
but at other times they are" not.
Both boxers express confidence in their
ability to win and there seems no collu
sion. Alex Greggalns, manager of the
club pfbmoting the fight, says if anything
wrong develops the boxers' . share of the
receipts will be given to charity.
Is Installed a 1 to 2 Choice Over
the Clever Boxer From
Chicago. ;£H£&'>!£|
BETTORS MAKE BRITT
A PRONOUNCED FAVORITE
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
BANK RECEIVES A LICENSE— The Board
of Bank Commissioners has issued a license
granting the corporation' known as the Granite
Bank and Trust Company the right to conduct
a banking business at Monrovia, Los Angeles
County. The. bank, which is Incorporated for
$25,000. will commence business on August :}
next. The directors are: Walter S. Newhall
president: George B. McLaughlin, secretary"
W. F. Batsford. John G. Mossin H. A. Un
ruh. A. E. Cronenatt. D.- E. Jurnill and T J
Barkley. .--
CLEVELAND. July 29.— A heavy rain
made the track fully four seconds slow to
day. Attendance, 10.000. Summary:
2-23 trot; . purse, $2000 — Caspian won two
straight heats in 2:15V4, 2:22%. Guy Fortune.
Klnney Lou. King Simmons, Prince Caton,
Bessie Blrchwood, . Cole Direct and Patchen
Maid also started. __ ~ ,, .,
2-15 Dace; purse. $2000— Dr. Madara won two
straight heats in- 2:10%. 2:11%. Sart Hal.
Vollta, Theron Powers, Mush, Laura Spurr
and Alma O also started. •
. 2-12 pace; purse, $1000 — Illinois won the sec
ond' and third heats in 2:11%. . 2:12%. Guy
Red won the first heat in. 2:12%. Donna Mc-
Gregor. Joe Sibley,- HoneBt John, Five Points*
and Gold Call also started.
¦ 2:08 trot; puree, $1500 — Rythmio won two
straight heats in 2:11%, 2:09%. Fereno, Baron
de ' Shay, Monte Carlo. • Maxlne and Lord Vin
cent al&o started. .
2:20 pace; purse, -$1000— Tom Keene won the
eecend and third heats In 2:14.' 2:10. Geary
won the first heat in 2:00%. Page Hal, Gov
ernor Pingree.; Joe Grattan, Trilby Direct and
Bernadotte also started.-
Caspian Wins S2000 Purse in Two
Straight Heats in the
2:23 Trot.
RAIN MAKES THE* TRACK
' AT CLEVELAND SLOW
OAKLAND, July 29.— The city of Oak
land will be represented at the Trans-
Mlsslssippl Congress, which Is to be held
in Seattle, by Collector of the Port Fred
8. Stratton.
Will Be Oakland's Representative.
LONDON, July 30.— The Dally Mail this
morning prints a St. Petersburg dispatch
saying that 20,000 persons are expected to
attend the ceremonies at Tsarhoff. The
correspondent asserts that the Czar's pil
grimage and the canonization of Prokhor
Moshnin at this time are due to the Gov
ernment's desire to divert the public mind
from the increasing revolutionary senti
ment. In this belief, the correspondent
says, the anti-Government parties are al
ready spreading reports that miracles at
tributed to the saint are untrue.
ST. PETERSBURG, July 29.— The Czar,
Czarina and their suites left here last
evening to Join- the orthodox pilgrimage
to Tsarhoff, province of Tamboft, where
the orthodox are to celebrate the canoni
zation of the hermit Prokhor Moshnln un
der tha name of Saint Seraohin. Two
thousand Bishops and clergy of European
Russia will participate in the ceremonies,
which will last four days.
Twenty Thousand Persons Will Wit
ness Canonization of Prok
hor Moshnin.
CZAR AND CZARINA JOIN
TSARHOFF PILGRIMAGE
John Winkler of the class of 1903 hat ac
cepted a position as chemist fpr a borax com
pany, whose works are located at Daggett.
California.
Wilbur J. MacNelll. a graduate of Cornell
and a recent graduate student at the Univer
sity of California, has been appointed teacher
of science In Cahu College. Honolulu. Thia
position was formerly held by Loye Miller of
the class of 1900. Oahu College is the most
advanced school In the Islands. It was founded
for the purpose of educating the children of
missionaries and preparing them for Eastern
colleges. Its scientific department is particu
larly strong, having a separate building of lt»
own and a good equipment.
BERKELEY. July 20.— The summer school
students will be supplied with a diversion In
the form of a dance Friday evening: in Hearst
Hall. It will be a^ "Midsummer Rodeo" a
round-up of the "eds" and "co-eda." The man
agers are Arthur L>. Price and James L.
Fozard.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
SEATTLE, Wash.. July 29.— Captain H.
H. Nice, agent for the North American
Commercial Company at Dutch Harbor.
Alaska, who is In the city, charges the
fishermen . on Japanese vessels ', with the
disappearance of seals on the Pribyloff
Islands. He 6ays that American and Can
adian fishermen masquerade under the
Japanese flag and shoot seals instead of
spearing them, which causes the body to
sink rapidly so that many are killed to
no purpose, while the shooting disturbs
the breeding on nearby islands.
The Canadian schooners are said to ad
here strictly, to the law and keep outside
the 60-mile limit. Captain Nice claims
that unless the depredations are stopped
the Pribyloff Island seals will disappear
in a few years.
Dutch Harbor Man Says Depreda
tions Will Drive Herds From
Pribyloff Islands.
DECLARES JAPANESE
SEALERS BREAK LAW
The regatta committee of the Pacific
Athletic Association met last night and
discussed the Astoria regatta. Fourteen
men are to go from here. These will in
clude three barge crews of four men each,
a single sculler and a swimmer.
The senior barge crew of the Alameda
Club will surely go north, as they hold
the championship. The other two crews
will be selected from the Dolphins, Arlels,
South Ends and Olympic Club. These
will meet in a trial race on August 9 over
the Mission Bay course, one mile, with a
turn. A single sculler will be selected at
the time.
A tryout for swimmers will be held at
the Lurline Baths on the night of August
1L The tent will consist of three races
at 50. 100 and 220 yards. J. Scott Leary of
the Olympic Club, who has a national
reputation, is expected to compete. The
Lurline Club will be represented T>y Al
Young, W. Pomin, F. Geddes and others.
The athletes will go north on August 16.
The regatta, commences on the 19th and
continues threa days..
The Alameda Club will not be allowed to
use its new boat, which is the lightest
barge on the coast* and which gives Ha
crew a decided advantage.
Trial Races Are Arranged for Barge
Crews, Single Scullers and
for Swimmers.
COMPETE FOB HONOR
OF GOING TO ASTORIA
LONDON. July 29.— Two failures were
announced this morning on the Stock Ex
change—A. S. Graves & Co., one of the
oldest Board of Trade brokers, and A. 11.
Kilby, a Jobber in Kaffirs. Neither fail
ure was important. This afternoon the
failure of W. S. C. Smith, a Jobber in
American securities, was announced.
Three Failures in London.
Gus Leon saw Th'ornton hurriedly en
ter a rear door at Slrrenberg'a saloon a
few minutes - after the shot was fired.
The prosecution's theory is that Thorn
ton fired the shot because of a feud ex
isting between himself and Pursell.
POINT RICHMOND, July 29.-Circum
stantial evidence pointing strongly to Col
onel R. R. Thornton as the man who shot
Frank Pursell several weeks ago was in
troduced in sufficient force to-day before
Justice Masterson to cause the holding
of the aged architect in bonds of $2500
for trial on a charge of assault with in
tent to kill.
Henry Sirrenberg, a saloonkeeper, ar
rested as an accessory to the mysterious
shooting, was discharged.
William Ballard was an important wit
ness for the prosecution at the prelim
inary examination. He testified that fie
saw smoke, as if from a gun muzzle,
blow from a hole in the fence of Thorn
ton's cottage, and he also saw a human
form moving behind the fence just after
the shot that wounded Pursell was fired.
Both Ballard and Pursell said they saw
Thornton looking at them from his cot
tage window almost Immediately after
Pursell discovered he was shot.
NEW YORK, July 29.— After having
been asleep for forty-four days, except a
slight interval. In a Long Branch (N. J.I
hospital, Endlcott Allen, a Harvard stu"
dent, is showing signs of improvement.
Allen's strange sleep is supposed to have
been in the nature of hysteria caused by
overwork. The doctors believe he is now
on the road to recovery.
Harvard Student's Strange Sleep.
Queen Alexandra has given the Earl
of Dudley $2500 for distribution among the
poorest people of Dublin and other parts
of Ireland.
Despite the inclement weather they
landed on the Mayo side of the bay and
afterward they proceeded in a motor car
through the picturesque scenery of that
portion of Ireland, inspecting many of
the laborers* cottages on the way. To
night the warships In the bay were il
luminated and bonfires were burning on
the surrounding hills. . To-morrow the
King and Queen will travel by motor car
through the Connemara country.
DUBLIN, July 20.— The royal yacht Vic
toria and Albert, with King Edward and
Queen Alexandra aboard, which left Bun
crana, on the north coast, yesterday, ar
rived at Klllala bay, on the west coast,
to-day. The King and Queen were ac
companied by. the Earl of Dudley, Lord
Lieutenant of Ireland.
Point Richmond Justice
Rules on Circumstan
tial Evidence.
The Governor refused at first to listen
to the threats of the crowd, but his resi
dence was surrounded by menacing mem
bers of the mob and the following day he
yielded. One Babi was blown from the
mouth of a cannon. Order has been re
stored, but the Babis who escaped are in
hiding.
In the cfty for two days every Babi
found was butchered by the rabble and
the mutilated bodies were dragged
through the streets, followed by exult
ant crowds. Houses were looted, women
murdered and finally the priestly leaders
of the rioters enioined the populace to
bring all the Babis before them for judg
ment.
LONDON, July SO.— The Times this
morning describes seditious religious riots
in the city and province of Yezd, Central
Persia, which lasted more than a fort
night and culminated at the end of June.
The outbreak was directed against relig
ious reformers called Babis.
Edward and Alexandra
Visit Cottages of
Laborers.
LOS ANGELES, July 23.— The jury in
the case of Richard Dougherty, on trial
for the alleged murder of a beggar known
as "Billy the Yeggs," after being out
since yesterday afternoon, returned a ver
dict to-day of disagreement- Judge Smith
thereupon discharged the jurymen and re
manded the prisoner to JalL The Jury
stood eight for acquittal and four for con
viction from first to last.
Dougherty Jury Disagrees.
Religious Trouble Ends
in the Butchery
of Babis.
J. William. II. B. Toung, G. Albrecht. T.
Thompson. W. K. Birmingham, E. E. Trefe
thtn. W. M. Watson, Thomas Mulvaney, R. W.
Stone, C. ts. McMullen. Harry L. Swale, Charles
W. Muller. C. L. Wood, O. I. Dennison, 6.
Goodenough T. II. Bangle. A. Alden, S. Jack
son P. A. Perry. M. Wise, H. E. Isbell,
Charles E. Maker. A. Rlttigstein & Co., J. S.
Dunham, A. C. Henry. W. P. Low, W. B.
Hardy. F. M Troy. J. H. Troy, John Martens,
A J. fcSnyder, W. E. Reid, A. D. Atherton, L.
L." Price, \V. R. Thomaa, C. F Parker. C. J.
Raleigh A. R. Peterson, Newton Benedict. G.
M. Prather. J. H. Montgomery. William Heln.
W. J. Patterson. M. W. Sargent. W. F.
OBanion. H. Blals, P. L. Bliss. A. J. Barton,
J. F. Toung, J. A. McDonald. H. E. Plummer,
E. A Breme. J G. Henry. W. J. Stephens, J.
Zcigler, J. Keller, W. W. Moore Jr.. O. L. Sen
ram. H. Gansberg. E. W. Baker, J. W. Giles,
M Glroux, E. J. Stewart. John de Lancey, J.
Espejo. E. H. Mott. Charles Mau. U A. 8. Sal
ter E. A. Powell. H. L. Davis, H F. Chllde,
E. F. McCullum, E. W. Kruckeberg. A. G.
Doris, V. A. Walker, W. A. Simpson. G. W.
de Bell. W. d Long, J. 8. Graves. H. Gliss
man. H. W Rockel. E. B. Tower. H. D. Ella
eon. W. G. Lee. E. Schmidt, J. Brown. A. G.
Galberg, T. D Ntwwm. G. W. Smith. V. S.
Northey, W. & Harlow. C. B. White. J. O.
Mitchell. S. H. Mather. California Oil Gas
Burner Company. B. M. Reideman, B. S. Tower,
Gporge W. Austin, D. J. Clark, Ed P. Flint. CK.
Marshall, H. E. Alden. J. E. Hunt, C. -E.
Jackson, H. A. Davl*, H. A. Johnson. Charles H.
Taylor John Taylor William Moller, G. W.
Peterson. M. J. Dean. E. P. Baggott. W M.
CowEan. Bart White, P. M. Jones. J. C.
Shepherd. B. C. Lund. R. F. Crowley, A. G.
Rhodes, R. W. Anderson. Grlfflng & Oreany,
I. E. Hughes N C. Hall, Charles A. Miller.
P. M. Ball. M. Lesser. M. Glroux, Ed # Carish.
J. H. Bogle. J. R. Andrews. Charlea CNell,
T. Latlmer. J. D. Loudermilk. T. P. Rowley.
L. C. Kohler. C. "Welden. O XV. Schmltt J.
W. Holmes, Frank Schmltt. H. de Cht-sen. A.
6tlr.»on. C. S. Bers, Charlea Fleberllng. Lee
Myers. Jacob TVoerner. Bolti-Clymer & Co.,
John J. Haumgartner. Sam Kowinsky James
Quilin. D. M. Kcyes. Dr. A. Clark.' George
Weslar. Pcttr Rienerling W. J. O'Connell, H.
B. Harwood. P. H. Befden. H; Samuel. D.
Morponts. R. J. Sllva, Jose Freitas L Mon
net. Walter Savllle. J. E. Whinnery. M." Ryan
William Grler. H. M. Walbridge. H. Hartell
George Aldrldge. Beaudry McAvoy. J. J.
White. Henry c Menges. Miles Doody. J. M.
Mullt-n. Henry Evers. Abe Davis Robert Me-
Quade. Her.ry Rauch. W. A. Short, Cal M.
Orr. J. R Brown. H. Schwarzschllt, W. P.
Courtney. P. J. O'I>;ary, T. Hurley. P.. Ben
net. A. Dugan. J. P. Burke. F. Stark. T. F.
Dolan. R. Andrews. E. J Stow. R. B. Wilson,
W W Edgar. G F. Kaiser, W. F. Brunt
man. W. F. Batchelder. E. G. Bushnell. C. E.
Borrow. Lawrence Hyde. O. B. Frislwe M.
Brock. J. B. McDlamld, A. Hyman. w. A.
Bauer A. Ralston. B. Colin. L. N. Cob
bledick Joseph Lancaster. Dr. C. M. Sel
frtdge N. J. Swenson. E. Barnett. J. J. Mc-
Conneil. W. T. Sagehorn. C. M. Verrill Laz.
Rosenberg. O. D. Brown. F. B. Hunt, E. E.
Gehrlng W. Smith. F. J. Todd. M. D.; E L
Sargent. A. E. Hall. R. S. Himes. J. H. Hall,
J II Egert. H A. Audlffred. D. Wise A.
Friedman Charles H. Wood. F. W. Sharpe,
FA. Robert. P. J. Kelly. R. J. McMulIen. A.
r, Duler. B H. Griffins, George W. , Hoguet
TV E Dickinson. Lem M. Williams. E. R.
Gray T. Baumgartner. George H. Abel. Bert
Parker F. J R, Bcott, C. W. Cook. Morris
Isaacs. Charles Bowen.^ • !
i Supervisors of Alameda County — Gentlemen:
Wbereaa It is claimed that the lull cash value
cf the property and franchises of the Oakland
Transit Consolidated, a corporation situated in
Eaid county, as shown by its admissions con
cerning its net income earning capacity, and
by the records of Alameda County, is of the
full cash value of more than eleven million
dollars; and.
Whereas, all eaid property and franchises
are now assessed at a total valuation of only
one million one hundred and sixty-three thou
sand four hundred and twenty i$1.163.-120) dol
lars; and.
Whereas, it is claimed that property and
I franchises to the extent of more than ten mll
1 lion itlO.OOO.COO) dollars has escaped
' and Is now escaping taxation, and
I believing that eaid property is escap
i Ing taxation without any Intent on the
part of the County Assessor or Board of Su
pervisors or any member thereof, and believ
ing that it is the desire of all county officials
whose duties are connected with the taxing
power of the State to equally assess all prop
erty within the county, and require all persons,
firms and corporations to bear their Just pro
portion of the burden of taxes;
Now. therefore, we, the taxpayers and citi
zens of Alameda County, hereby petition the
County Assessor and the Board of Supervisors,
acting ae a Board of Equalization, to secure
euch an assessment of ail the property and
franchises of the Oakland Transit Consolidated
in Alameda County as shall be fair, just and
right and in accordance with the constitution
and laws of this State. And your petitioners
will ever pray, etc.
Postal Employes Reinstated
BAKER CITY, Or.. July 29.—Postmas
ter Moomaw received an order by wire
from the First Assistant Postmaster Gen
eral this afternoon reinstating Assistant
Postmaster George H. Tracy and Chief
Mail Clerk Arthur Lowell. The two of
ficers were to have been dismissed August
1, in pursuance of a previous order, on
account of the loss of two registered let
ters which occurred last March. After a
most rigid investigation on the part of
the postal inspectors there was nothing
found upon which to base a charge
asrainst the two employes.
KING ON ERIN'S
WESTERN COAST
Antoine de Contades Wounds Tuoni
Bey in a Duel at
Paris.
PARIS, July 23.— A quarrel between
Viscount Antoine de Contades and Tuoni
Bey, second secretary of the Turkish em
bassy, resulted in a duel with swords to
day, in. which Tuoni Bey was wounded
in the arm.
VISCOUNT MEETS TURK
ON FIELD OF HONOR
Dr. Prather of Bakersfield is at tha
Grand.
I. I. Irwin, a merchant of San Diego, la
at the California.
H. XV. Felton. a mining man of Mazat
lan. Mex., is at the Occidental.
lather Burbank, the noted horticultur
ist of Santa Rosa, is at the Grand.
A.* J. Rich, who has.be^n absent In Eu
rope for several months, returned to the
city last evening.
A. J. Mott of Fernle. B. C. who is in
terested in the fruit shipping business in
the north, is at the Grand
James J. Smith of Cynthiana, Ky., ser
geant-at-arms of the Supreme Court of
Kentucky, is a guest' at the Palace.
Mis9 Isabelle Hammond, assistant man
ager of the Golden Eagle Hotel* in Sacra
mento. Is registered at the California.
Dr. J. D. de Chantreau of this city will
leave to-morrow for a three months' visit
in Europe. Much of that time will be
spent in Paris.
Joseph D. Redding, the well known at
torney, formerly of this city, now a resi
dent of New York, arrived from the East
last evening. As is his annual custom, he
has come West to attend the jinks of. the
Bohemian Club.
A. F. Robinson of. Topeka. chief bridge
constructor of the Santa Fe road, and
a party of engineers are l^ the city, hav
ing arrived from the south yesterday.
They came north over the valley road for
the purpose of familiarizing themselves
with this branch of the company's West«
era line.
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK. July 23.— From San Fran
cisco—J. H. Jacobs, at the Murray Hill;
M. Manley. at the Broadway Central; S.
L. Bernsteiri. at the Savoy; W. O. M.
Harris, at the Plaza: L. Heyneman. at
the Netherlands; Miss I. Pearce, Mrs. T.
Sutro, at the Manhattan; Mrs. J. P.
Swift, at the St. Denia.
From Los Angeles— H. G. Bayles. at the
Navarre; W. Cronemiller. at the Park
Avenue; H. A. Osgood, at the Broadway
Central; Miss A. C. Potter, Miss K. Pot
ter, at the Kensington; E. R. "Walte, at
the Ashland.
From Oakland— G. B. Daniels, at ths
Morton.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, July 29.— The following
marriage licenses were Issued by "the
County Clerk to-day: Martin I. King. 21.
San Louis Obispo, and Lucy Zumwalt.
21. Oakland; Herman G. Jack. 30. and
Bertha Strabenau, 30, both of Fruitvale;
Atwell C. Webb. 2S. and Lonzema M.
Hankins. 17. both of Alameda; Harry Gal
lagher, 24. and May Schneider. 13, both
of. Oakland; Joseph A. Botelho. over 21.
and Theresa ' B. Silva, over 18, both of
Oakland; Edwin W. Ehmann, 37, Oro
ville. and Charlotte L. Collins, 33, Oak
land.
GAS KILLS HIM. — An unidentified man was
found unconscious from Inhaling iUuminatlnff
g&a !n the Prescott House yesterday morning.
He was taken to the Receiving Hospital, whera
he died last night.
i Deputy Marshal and Special Agent
Reach Seattle on the Way
to Nome.
SEATTLF^ July 29.— After circling the
globe to deliver an accused man to the
j authorities in Manila, and capture anotfi
! cr in South Africa to be taken to Nome,
two Federal officers arrived to-night in
Feattle with the latter prisoner. James C.
Beasley. The men who made the journey
are Charles E. Ilerron of Seattle, a spec
ial agent of the Department of Justice,
and Deputy United States Marshal D. II.
Dwyer of Alaska. Beasley is charged
with forgery.
CIRCLING THE GLOBE
IN CAUSE OF JUSTICE
PERSONAL MENTION.
PORTLAND, July 29.— Dr. John P.
Frizell arrived in Portland to-day from
Unimak Island, one of the Aleutian chain.
He brings with him" samples of carbonates
of iron, which are pronounced practically
pure and fixes the value of the product
at $20 a ton. According to Dr. Frizell
there are thousands of tons of the car
bonates in the Aleutian deposits. The
only other deposits of carbonates of iron
are in Bavaria, which supplies all the
carbonates in use.
Samples Brought From Unimak Isl
"and Show a Value of $20
Per Ton.
CABBONATES OF IRON
IN ALEUTIAN DEPOSITS
For the last two years the company has
boc-n industriously at work Improving its
tracks and property, and many of the
lines that were formerly run down have,
been made as solid as a steam railroad
line. New machinery has been installed
and much work done.
That the Oakland Transit Consolidated
i.« thoroughly satisfied with Its assess
ment is evidenced by the fact that it has
rriade no attempt to have a reduction
rna'de. •- 0^ ¦¦'¦-¦ ¦
iThe hearing to-morrow will be a lively
one, for this is the petition upon -which it
p-b'ased and all the signers and the peo
ple* of tbe county at large are interested
in the outcome:
" TO Henry P. Dalton Eeq.. and the Board ©•
Tho franchises and concessions held by
the Oakland Transit Consolidated from
the countv of Alameda and the various
municipal organizations a:e vastly val
uaole. The company controls a complete
monopoly of the Ftreet franchises of Oak
land, Alameda and Berkeley. No company
can ever come into Oakland and compete
with them because they have secured
every available franchise in these three
cities, and in addition hold a privilege
from Oakland to Hay«r&rds along th*
main highway, running south from Oak
land. These franchises were secured
from the various city and county govern
ment? without cost, and yet the Oakland
Transit Consolidated would not part with
them for twice the amount of the assess
ment, even if there were no rails and cars
upon them.
The orie'nal petition as filed with the
County Board of Equalization was not
quite in legal form and did not state ex
actly the figures. This was supplemented
by a nrorn affidavit setting forth the rlg
urf;« as herein quoted. It is upon this pe
tition ar.d the affidavit that the demand
will be made for an increase in the as
sessment of the company to something
like proper proportions.
4 ; *" Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
. *: , 111$ Broadway. July 23.
• 7 Th* Oakland Transit Consolidated will
.Jiave to tell the County Board of Equali
zation to-morrow why it values its prop
•ehr in Alamta? County at $10,640,000 and
why* it Is assessed at only $2,300,000 by
'County Assessor Dalton.
T'nis matter has been pending before
J the Omits Board of Equalization for
ibr-jt a week, and several postponements
•^f^the hearing have been made, but the
ir.<iJc**Jons are that to-morrow the show
"inp 'hat has heen asked from the com
pary will have to be made.
-This hearing come? up in the regular
cirrter of business and is based upon a
. j.Ttitir-1 thr.r is on file with the equalizers.
•7.'h«- %*£tiori is filed by several hundred
• taxpayers cf the county of Alameda. who
.j>el that they are paying taxe^ upon a
•twcT-third o; a three-quarter valuation
of th^ir property, and they Fee no reason
'¦why the wealthy »orporation should es
.«ape with a cne-f.fth valuation.
/XL* crr^ral demand for an increase in
the valuation of the big street railroad
<orr<<any is bss<*d upon the value? of the
¦ ttork and bonds of the company as well
a? ii ion the value cf ihe real est;<ie and
¦ frt. jchisf s. It la averted in this petition
.that tbc bends uf the Oakland Transit
• Cen'.eoUAati^ ar<» valued at $6,600,000 and
thnt tb*re are €5,000 shares of stock val
ued at $50 a share. Tbc total valuation of
•..ChC propervV is« $10.€4t.00Q. All of these
bonds arp not issued, but it is said that
BL3M),CM of p^curities have been sold, the
balance remaining in the treasury. This
v.-ojld make an actual outstanding valua
tion r,f $S .340 />O0; but as the bonds In the
. trear ury are just as valuable as the out
•Fianding bcr.ds the petitioners consider
that the total valuation of the road is rep
resented by *he addition of the total value
of' c-'ae stock to the total value of the
bonds, which makes nearly $11,000,000.
Why an apsrssmf rtt of but little more than
?;.<K>,0 ( yi should be made upon this prop
erty Is" the cue? tion that the Equalizers
¦will. Hve to settle to-morrow.
To aeterrnine the value of these stocks
and bonds and the value that the com
•rany rlac^ upon itself in the financial
«'or.ld tne Equalizers have subpenaed a
r-'jrcbrr 2f local bankers and all of the
-officers of the Oakland Transit Consoli
<iqte* that could be secured. The Oakland
hankers will be arked the market values j
of the. securities of the railroad company.
Those who have been asked to be present
ar* •< TV. G. Palrrsanteer. manager of the
'Central Bank; Thomas Prather, president
.rind manager of the Union National Bank;
W. W. Garthwaite. cashier and manager
of the Oakland Bank of Savings: L. G.
Burpee, cashier cf the First Xational
iip.r.k. In addition to these F. C. Havens,
nnt if the directors of the Oakland Tran
sit Consolidated; Samuel Taylor, secretary
6f the Realty Syndicate, and W. H.
. J\r.if,ht have all been ordered to be pres
ent to-morrow and testify as to the value
'.of it^e securities.
Taxpayers Pile a Petition Asking
That This Be Investigated
• in Fairness to
. ' *] • fi" Ifaem.
He believed prohibition the simplest
p'.an. but should it be necesary he would
take the opinion of Parliament upon the
question of countervailing duties. Cham
berlain did not touch directly upon tha
fiscal questiorWrut Incidentally remarked:
We are on the eve of a great economic fight
and it behooves «verybody to keep cool as long
as possible and not turn this economic question
into a personal light. v
For twenty years we have tried to «eeur«
the voluntary abandonment of bounties. It
was only when we changed our policy and »ug
grefited retaliation that we secured the object
for which we had strusritled so len* — that w*
finally escaped a condition of things under
which Austria and Germany would be able to
regulate the price of sugar in Great Britain.
Chamberlain said the bill would not in
crease the price of sugar, but by giving
greater stability and certainty to the
trade would benefit the sugar interests.
Referring to the possibility of losing the
American market, he said:
If we had onty treated the West Indies faJrly
there Is no reason why they should not be sup
plying us with the greater part of our demand.
The Government has had the choice b«tweea
prohibition and rebating dutip*.
LONDON, July 29.— The House of Com
mons to-day passed the sugar convention
bill to its second reading by a vote of 224
to 144. In the course of the debate upon
the bill Colonial Secretary Chamberlain,
in defending it. said:
During the discussion relative to the
ccst of construction, wages, etc.. Equaliz
er Alford stated that a member of the
Kmployers" Association in San Francisco
faid to him that although he was not in
a position to pay much of anything in
favor of labor" unions, he believed this to
te the golden age for the business men
and the labor unions, and there was no
doubt in his mind that the increase In
wasps had much to do with the increase
in the volume of business.
The California Northwestern pays
an annual rental of $48,600 for its lease of
the San Francisco and North Pacific Rail-
SACRAMENTO, July 29.— President A.
W. Foster and Secretary and Controller
Thomas MellerEh, of the California and
Northwestern Railway. Company, lesses
of the San Francisco and North Pacific
Company, were before the State Board of
Equalization this morning relative to that
company's report to the. State Board.
The road is operated in Marin, Sonoma
and Mendocino counties. The length of
the road in this State is 196.40 miles. The
value of the entire roadbed and rails Is
JJS2.000. The earnings amounted to $1,222,
554 93, subdivided as follows: Passenger
and freight, $1,156,811 40; mail and express,
$49,439 23; miscellaneous. $16.304 62. The ex
penses amounted to $1,171,180 06; subdivid
ed as follows: Operating, $S58,746 30; ren
tal. $4S,60O; taxes, $39,913 54 ; miscellaneous,
$223,918 22.
BUDAPEST, Hungary, July 29.— Deputy
Zellman Papp caused a sensation lit, the
lower house of the Diet to-day by spread-
Ing out on the table 10,000 kroner in cash,
which, he declared, had been tendered
him as a bribe to desert his fellow ob
structionists and leave Budapest. Herr
Papp, who is a member of the Kossuth
party, added that It was former Deputy
Dienes who attempted to bribe him. Herr
Dienes,* he asserted, had 12,000 kroner, of
which sum he retained 2000 as commission,
and handed 10.000 kroner to Herr Papp,
which the latter accepted in order to be
able. to. prove his allegations.
Deputy Lovassey said that the editor of
the Magyar Orzag had been asked how
much money would be required to buy off
that newspaper's support of the obstruc
tionists. A. parliamentary committee was
appointed to Investigate. •
There was a stormy scene in the Diet
this afternoon when the 'Premier, Count
Hedervary, arose '"to commence the de
bate on the indemnity, bill. The obstruc
tionists stood, up and the chamber re
sounded with deafening shouts, the b'ang
ing of desk lids i and insults hurled at the
Premier from the opposition benches. The
sitting was suspended, but the scenes
were repeated on its resumption, and ulti
mately, being unable -to. obtain a hearing,
the Premier handed the clerk of the
House a written motion, moving the read
ing of the bill. , When the obstructionists
became aware of this .action a couple of
members, of the Kossuth party stormed
the presidential tribune, snatched the pa
per from the cjerk's hands and tore it to
pieces. The. tribune Boon filled with
shotuing Deputies- and amidst the turmoil
the session was again suspended.
The sitting was resumed for the third ;
time and the greatest, excitement pre
vailed in the lobby. Deputies Olay and
Polenyo- accused Premier Hedervary of
instigating bribery- '.•
It is said that two duels have been ar
ranged between Deputies.
MOBS IN PERSIA
SLAY REFORMERS
The new contract is for $340,000 a year
and at the end of two years from July
1 last suit will be Instituted for the re
covery of the difference between this
amount and the original contract flgurcy
BALTIMORE. Md.. July 29.— Vice Pres
ident Whelan of the Fidelity and Deposit
Company said to-day that the $200,000
contract in the name of W. E. Weighel
was really for the benefit of some
wealthy residents of San Francisco, who
have indemnified the Baltimore company
for any loss. He paid that whatever the
loss was it would fall upon the contrac
tors and that the fidelity and Deposit
Company will only be a nominal party
to the transaction.
Weighel was given tie contract two
years ago for a term of four years at
$248,000, and within a year notified the
department that he could not continue it
on account of ill health. He then left
for the West. ¦ The Baltimore company
went on his bond for $325,000. Weighel
was allowed to designate the New York
Mall Transportation Company "as-a sub
contractor. It is said that Weighel had
to pay the Matter S2S0.00D a year. Owing
to fines and penalties for service that
was not up. to the contract, he declined
to continue, but finally agreed to keep
up the service until the end of this
month.
WASHINGTON, July 23.— The Govern
ment will institute proceedings against
W. H. .Weighel, a postal contractor, and
the Fidelity Trust and Deposit Company
of Baltimore, for approximately $200,000,
which the Postoffice Department has been
compelled to expend above the amount
of contract for carrying the mails in
wagons in New York City. George G.
Travism, who yesterday was awarded
the contract to fill the unexpired term
of a month loss than two years, ••will be
gin the service on August 1.
WALLA WALLA. July 29.— An ex
tremely curious skull, apparently prehis
toric, was brought here to-day by I. S.
Bunker of Freewater, Oregon, who found
it on Basket Mountain, a portion of the
Blue Mountain range. Bunker found the
strange specimen on a fishing trip to a
remote canyon. It was embedded in blue
clay where water action had washed
away sly feet of alluvial deposit. Other
bones which Bunker is returning to ex
cavate were around it.
The skull resembles, the description
given of the lost pithecanthropus, or ape
man, which an expedition went to Java
some time ago to find. The frontal bone
slants, the skull Is ten inches wide and
two feet long. The upper jaw contains
ten large molars lined up parallel and
projecting straight out. The eye cavities
are two inches in diameter, the nose is
exactly like that of a man. while the
space between the nose and teeth i3 sJx
inches square. t'i-iT"
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HOLDS THORNTON
IN HEAVY BONDS
Twenty non-union men were working
on the eighth level of the mine at the
time of the explosion, but escaped injury.
IDAHO SPRINGS, Colo., July 29.— After
a mass meeting to-night 500 citizens of
Idaho Springs went to the City Jail and
tpok fourteen of the. men -arrested in
connection with the blowing up. of the
Sun and Moon mine buildings last night,
marched them to the city limits and told
them to leave the. place and never return.
The men driven out include Howard Tres
sldel, president of the local union: A'. D.
Alcott, vice president; George Becker,
secretary; Peter. Bender, treasurer, : and
two or three members^ of the, ; executive
committee. All of the T others are promi
nent members of the union.,
i Some of* the men complained that they
had no money and a purse was made up
for them. Everything was done in an or
derly manner and not a rough • word or
act was directed toward the men. At the
meeting at which the action, was deter*
mined upon fully 80 per cent of the city's
business population was: represented. It
was presided over n>v F. . D.; Collom, City
Attorney, and addressed . t>y> President
Hauchett of the First National Bank and
others equally prominent.
The other prisoners were taken to
Georgetown, the county seat, this even-
Ing- ... ' \ ',"'• . '".
I After the explosion at, the Sun and Moon
mine last night the watchman saw two
men running away. He fired at them sev
eral times and later a wounded man was
found lying near by. He was taken in
charge and the company physician sent
for. The man proved to be Philip Fire,
a member of the union. He died this
morning.
Twenty-two members of the Miners'
Union, including President Howard Tres
fiidel and the other officials, were arrested,
charged- with conspiracy to blow up the
mine. They protested ignorance of a
conspiracy and declared that they at all
times advised the men to obey the law
and avoid violence. They Intimated that
the destruction of the property was part
of a scheme to cast discredit upon the
Western Federation of Miners and its at
tempts to obtain shorter hours and more
pay for Its members.
Oakland Trans it Consolidated
c ,Given a One-Fifth
,. Valuation.
Two Duels Are Arranged
After an Uproarious
Session.
Fourteen, Suspects Are Taken
From Jail and Made
to Depart.
His Backers Are Said to Be
Wealthy Residents of
San Francisco.
Colonial Secretary Chamber*
lain Speaks in Its
Defense.
& •
AJameda Equalizers Be
gin Examination Into
Figures.
It Resembles That of the
Lost Sought
by Scientists.
Alford Quotes San Francisco
Employer on Labor <
U IllUXio-
President Poster Dis
cusses Report to
State Board.
Sequel to the Blowing
Up of a Colorado
Mine.
Government to Sue De
liverer of Mails. in
New York.
The Commons Gives the
Measure a Large
Majority..
Deputy % Causes Sensa
tion in the Diet
of Hungary.
Oregon Man Finds a
Curious Specimen on
Basket Mountain.
WANT LIGHT
ON THE LOW
ASSESSMENT
FAILS I KEEP
HIS CONTRACT
EXPOSES GOLD
OF BRIBE-GIVER
CITIZENS DRIVE
OUT UNION MEN
RAILROAD MEN
AND EQUALIZERS
SECOND READING
OF SUGAR BILL
STRANGE SKULL
IS UNEARTHED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, , JUI/S: 30, 1903.
BUTTB. Mont. July 29.— Goverr-3r B. F.
Odell Jr of New York, and hla party, arrived
from the Yellowstone Park this afternoon.
BUFFALO. •: N. Y.. July 29.— Mrs. Emma.
Primrose, nee Catlin. wlf* of George H. Prim
rose- the v minstrel; died here to-day ¦ of , heart
paralysis. v . v ¦•.- :$sMUBUm&BBtts£!~&.
ASK PETITION FOR GUARDIAN.— The
California Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Children filed a petition In the Superior
Court yesterday. a*ktng that Mrs. M. Conlin,
director of the Catholic L*dies* Aid Society, be
aupcinted guardian over Gertrude Evens, aged
14 snd Mabel Evens, aged 12. The mother of
the" children la dead and the father, is unable
to care, for them. Th*.cajje will.be takenbe
tort Judge Murwky Monday mornln&.-
Joe Gans wants to meet Jabez White,
the English lightweight champion, in this
city. Failing in this- he offers to fight
Joe Walcott at 140 pounds, ringside.
Gens Offers to Fight Walcott.
PHOENIX, A. T., July 29.— K. S. Tabor,
,.; .245,, AVest-Flfty.-seventh street. New
York, died here this morning of tubercu
losis. He '.was a well-known actor, for
merly with Froltman and . Daly, and at
one time. with the Ethel Barrymore Com
pany. ' , •
H. S. Tabor.
HALIFAX. N. S., July 29.— Private ad
vices from St. Pierre. Miquelon. state that
when the Christian Brothers left the isl
and under the ban of, expulsion 2000 per
sons gathered at the quay and shouted
"Vive religious!" "Vive la liberte! ' "A bas
la canaille." Then the crowd became ex
cited and rushed upon the gendarmes and
serious trouble was narrowly averted.
Forty of the rioters have been summoned
to appear before the magistrates.
Bioters Attack the Gendarmes,
9
ADVEBTISEMElfTS.
Which would you rath-
er have, if you could have
your choice, transparent
skin or perfect features ?
All the world would
choose one way; and you
can have it measurably.
If you use Pears' Soap
and live wholesomely
otherwise, you will have
the best complexion Na-
ture has for you.
Sold all over the worlds
ADVERTISEMENTS.
To Say I Have Gained
in Weight and
Am Well After Years
of Heart Trouble.
Dr. Miles' Heart Cure
Cured Me.
three years I suffered much from
heart trouble and at times I thought I would
drop dead. There was a feelin? of oppres-
sion about my heart; smothering and chok-
in? spells, ana I could not sleep on my left
side. At times I was so depressed that I
could hardly walk. I began taking* Dr.
Miles' Nervine and Heart Core and am
happy to say that I no longer have that
worn-out look. I have gained m weight and
feel perfectly well. I will never be without
jrbur Nervine and Heart-Cure. My son, now
eighteen, suffered exceedingly from nerv-
ousness. I gave him Nervine with the best
of results. His health has been good ever
since. I cladly recommend your remedies.**
— Mrs. Anna Brown. Red Lodge, Montana.
A person who is suffering from heart dis-
ease is in just* as much danger as the fool-
hardy lad who ventures on thia ice at the
first appearance of freezing weather. Heart
disease is the most common cause of sudden
death. Statistics show that one person in
every four have a weak heart, that weak
hearts are as common as a weakness of any
other organ. When the heart is weak the
pulse is irregular, the blood is thin and poor,
the circulation sluggish, causing cold extrem-
ities. Dr. Miles* Heart Cure is a great heart
and blood tonic, it regulates the heart's
action, improves the circulation and sends a
stream of pure, red blood through every Tein
and artery, renewing health ana strength.
All druggists sell and guarantee first bot-
tle Dr. Miles' Remedies. Send for free book
on Nervous and Heart Diseases. Addxes--
Dr. Miles Mcdkal Co., Elkhait, lad, - -VESSEL WHICH HAS BEEN*
CHARTERED AT VERY LOW
RA--E. . , ¦
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, July 28.
Etmr Cfty of Para, Zeeder. 21 days 7 hours
from Panama, via Mazatlan 5 days 6 hours.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, .08!$ hours from Port-
The British ship Imberhorne, which made
port on Tuesday, was "chartered prior to ar
rival for wheat . to Europe at 21s 6d. The
French bark Alice has been - rechartered for
wheat and barley to Europe at 14s (approx
imately). The British bark . Inverclyde loads
grain and merchandise for Liverpojl direct.
Matters of Interest, to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
? : •
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The Kosmos liner Theben has been floated off
Cunningham Island and Is now on her way to
Punta Arenas, where she is due July 31. She
Is eaid to have sustained extensive damage.
»
Theben Much Damaged.
Chief Officer Quinn of the Pacific Mail
Company 1 * steamship Aztec is in Jail at Nome,
awaiting trial for shooting a' sailor named
Chrlstlanson, who tried to desert the vessel.
ChrUtlanson got away and Qulnn followed In
a boat. Christianson landed and was getting
away when Qulnn dropped him by putting a
bullet through one of the sailor's legs. Qulnn
was arrested at the Instance of some miners
who witnessed the shooting.
Aztec's Hate in Jail.
The schooner Arago. which arrived yesterday
from the Bering Sea, brought down 75.000 cod
fish. She spoke the brig Harriet G on May 16,
and the catch of that vessel then amounted to
10 000 fish. The • barkentlne Fremont, spoken
July 9. had 125,000. ..V ,
Cargo of Codfish.
The charter of the British ship Inverclyde to
carry grain to the United Kingdom at 16s
»d was considered about the lowest ever mad*
from this port, but the charter reported yester
day of the French bark Alice, 14s. is consider- •
ably lower. The owners of the French vessel
will fare better, however, than the Inverclyde'*
owners as the bounty <pald by the Fru.ih Gov
ernment' is equal to about 12s. In • neither,
charter however, is there much comfort for
the owner* of the big fleet of waiting vessels.
Low Charters.
isecon<l Officer Burtenfhaw of the^afi?h bark
Annasor.a discovered yesterday aftPriioon that
the role of "bucko" has its- drawbacks. Long
eftex the etars which twinki^J at tU awaken
ing have ceased to thin* «md when his port
cheekbone uo longer wears the Colorado ma
duro ehanty left i."ere by the tarry Ost of a
rawboned apprentice-boy. Burtenshaw will re
menr.ber the afternoon the Annaeona. docked at
Esa Francisco and the puncture his dignity re
ceived on that occasion. The Annstsona, which
arrived here a few days ago from Antwerp,
docked yesterday afternoon at Howard-street
M-!:arf. A large crowd gathered to watch the
trim vessel make fast. Burtenshaw Js younp
and as he superintend*! the docking of the
tark lost no opportunity to impress the auOi
«;n<-e on the bulkhead that he was one havin
authority and not as the sailors and aprren
tiw-s who were hauling st his bidding
"I'd soak a —.an that talked to me like
last." remarked a native son from the bulk
head. The crtticiKm was called forth by the
Hurtenshaw method of showing authority The
BurtMlihiw order was followed by caustic oer
eonal comment on tha worthlessness slow
ness. clum*iner» and general unhandiness of
thoee he was ordering. As the work progressed
<*<« eloquence of Burtenshaw Increased a
number of apprentices were hauling a wire
hawser acrosB the quarterdeck. ; Upon one *t>.
prentice. Good by name. the. Burtenshaw nag-
King battery waa directed with full force tin
ti! the Burtenshaw sarcasm maga«inT%h"r
exhausted Itself or became Jammed. T*.Z
wm a Bputter and a spitting and • bang wlm
uA «JSr* taw flEt * Ealnst the Dose of Ap^"
• T?ing: -;
1 he worm had turned.
Good had taken a hand at leading and before
Bmenshaw had time to move OooV« fl B t wls
Plated hard and fast against ti ,^c O nd maTe"
optic. Burtenshaw wiped the blood from hi"
VfiV? r ' • fwlos * tlc - Jamblike bleat*
there^ ?Ve * W * y< B0W: <3on>t sUnd «P ln S
Perils of "Buckoism."
Sacramento, jui>O 29.— John spin
citl. an engineer on th» gasoline launch
Lafayette, that runs between this city
and Walnut Gtove. wai?.- drowned in the
Sacramento River !,>ar^£he latter place
last Sunday evening. S-£»inetU Qvas a
nephew of former Congressman A. Cami
netti. . ' Q
Launch Engineer Drowned.
I Although there were present a majority
ofKthe storkhoMcrs of th»* Spring- Valley
Vfater Works yesteMav at the meeting
in o the companj j ofhee. an adjournment
vsis liken until Aui jst 26 to allow the
prrs-'enee ofea larger representation of the
capital stock. The meeting was 'or the
purpose of voting on t*>e question of sell
ing the plant'" and franchises' of tr""
Sprimr VaUey Water W^rks to he Spring
Valley X\mer Company, a new organiza
tion, and as the question was oneof great
importance it was deemed bet-T to have
a large percentage of ~*ock rep-esented
p-'ien the cuestion came to a vote.
Stockholders' 'Mf^ting Adjourns.
land, via Astoria 44 hours.
Stmr Redondo, Krog, 3S hours • from San
Pedro.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, 45 hours from Coob
Bay.
Stmr Ram-jna, Eaeles, 60 hours from San
Pedro, etc.
Stmr Centennial, Xlitgaard, 70% hours from
Seattle.. - • ¦ ¦
Stmr Santa Barbara. Zaddart, 42 hours from
San Pedro.
Bktn Arago. Semsen, 6 days from Willapa
Harbor.
Schr John A, 'Olsen, 6 days from Astoria.-
Schr Volant, Skipper, 7 days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Sacramento, Mercer, 4 days from sius
law.
Schr Mary E Russ, Nyman, 3 days from
Eureka. ' •
Schr Wing and Wing, Grimm. 4 days from
Siuslaw River.
Schr Arago. Hansen, 17 days from Bering
Sea.
Schr Melancthon, Stark, 4 days from Coos
Bay. . . . .
CLEARED. ,
Wednesday, July 29. ,
Stmr State of California, Thomas, San Diego;
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
- SAILED. '
Wednesday, July 29.
Stmr Jas Dollar, Thwlng, Seattle. .
Stmr Newburg, Andfindsen, Grayi Harbor.
Stmr Phoenix, Odland, Mendocino.
Stmr Iaqua. Bonifield, Eureka.
Stmr Rival, McClements, Willapa Harbor.
Stmr Redondo, Krog, Eureka.
SPOKEN.
May 20, Iat 43 ,S, Ion 64 W. Fr bark Emilia
Galllne, from Swansea, for San Francisco.
July 11, Iat 14 N. Ion 27 W, Fr bark Bon
champs, from Shields, for San Francisco.
Per schr Arago — July 9, in Bering Sea, bktn
Fremont, with 125.000 codfish. < May 16, brig
Harriet G, with 10,000 codfish.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, July 29. 10 p m — Weather
foggy; wind SW, velocity 12 miles per hour,
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived July 29— Schr Roy
Eomers, hence July 12.
SEATTLE— Arrived Jnly 29— Stmr Umatilla,
hence July 25. .
Sailed July "28 — Stmr Dolphin, for Skagway.
Sailed July 29— Stmr Edith, 1 for San Fran
cisco: itmr Homer, for Astoria.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed July 29— Schr Fred E
Sander, for, Grays Harbor; stmrs San- Pedro
and Premiss, for San Francisco; schr ' Al
vena, for Columbia River.
Arrived July 29 — Stmr Lakme, . from Re
dondo.
FAIRHAVEN— Arrived July 29— Stmr Artec,
i from Nome. ' ' •
Sailed July 29— Schr E K Wood, for San
Pedro. ' . '
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in July 29—
Schr W F Witzemann, from San Pedro; bark
Hesper, from Yokohama; bktn Newsboy, hence
July 21.
Arrived July 29 — Ship Benj F Packard,
hence July 2.
TACOMA— Sailed July 29— Stmr San Mateo,
for San Francisco.
Arrived July 29— Bktn Portland, from San
Pedro;
Arrived July 28 — Schr W F Witzemann, from
San Pedro.
REDONDO — Bailed July 29 — Stmr Lakme,
for - San Pedro. •
Arrived July 29 — Stmr South Bay, from
Santa Barbara. "
EUREKA — Arrived July 29— Stmr Eureka,
hence July 28. • '
Sailed July 29— Schr Glendale, for San Fran
cisco. a " - ./
BANDON— Arrived July 29— Stmr' Chlco,
hence July 26. ' " ' '
WHATCOM— Arrived July 29— Stmr Ralniei-,
hence July 23, via Seattle. •
ASTORIA — Arrived July 29 — Stmr George W-
Elder, hence July 27. ¦ . . -
Sailed July 29 — Bktn Gleaner, for San Fran-
CiBCO. . • ¦ -.
¦ Arrived July 29 — Schr Virginia, hence Jly 12.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived July 29— Schr J
M Weatherwax, from Redondo.
PORT IX3S ANGELES— Arrived July 25—
Stmr Fulton, from Redondo. •
Sailed July 29— Br bark Windsor Park, for
Astoria.
TATOOSH— Passed out July 29 — Stmr Ho
mer, from Seattle, -for Astoria: Br ship Spring
bank, from Chemalnus, for Cape Town; stmr
San Mateo. for San Francisco.
Passed in July 29— Stmr Olympic, hence July
25, for Falrhaven.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived July 29— Br
chip Astoria, from Vancouver.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed July 29— Stmr
Santa Cruz, for San Francisco. ' , t<_;.
ISLAND PORT. ;
HONOLULU— Arrived July 28 — Schr Solano,
; from Newcastle. Aus.
Sailed July 28— Bktn S G "Wilder, for San
Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS. . ¦ / ' , .
NEW YORK— Sailed July 28— Stmr Yucatan,
for Colon. • § ' '
PHILADELPHIA — Sailed July 29— Bark
Willscott, ;for Ban Diego. : <u v ,,/v, ;-
FOREIGN PORTS. '
HONGKONG— Sailed July 22— Br stmr Tar
tar, for Vancouver. . . , .
Arrived prior to July 29— Stmr * Athenian,
from Vancouver. y!a Yokohama, etc; , stmr
Pleiades, from' Tacoma' and 1 Seattle.-:
PERIM — Passed- July -27 — Br- stmr Oanfu,
from Tacuma, for London. July 28 — Span stmr
Isla de Panay; from LiverpooJ, for Manila. ¦¦
ANJER—Passed- July 17— -Br- ship . Johanna,
from Hollo. July 18 — Br ship Drumeltan,- from
Ilfillo. July 20— Br ship Brynhilda, from, Hollo
NEWCASTLE. Aua— Arrived July : 29— Bktn
In the United States District Court yesterday
a suit was begun by the Pacific Hardware and
Steel Company vs. the American steamer Mln
netonka^to recover $13,936 33, with costs and
interest.^ The complaint recites that in March.
1903, the libelant company delivered to the
-steamer at New York 19.002 packages of hard
ware for the freight of $13,2S3 11 and the ves
sel arrived In San Francisco June 2S with a
part of the cargo damaged in the amount sued
for The libelaift. alleges that the damage was
-caused by reason of the negligence of the own
ers of the steamer and the improper 'construc
tion of the vessel. . - -
United States Local Inspectors Captains O.
F Bolles and John K. Bulger visited the Min.
netonka yesterday on the drydock at Hunters
Point and made a careful survey of her hull
and machinery. They found between2oOO and
3000 loose rivets in her bottom. They also
found one set of toiler tubes defective and or
dered a new set to be put in.
The Mlnnetonka grounded while passing
through the Straits M Magellan and there is a
question at issue whether the grounding caused
the rivets to become loose or whether there
was improper construction in the first place.
*
Thousands of Rivets Loose.
<HE Pacific Mail Company's City
j j of Para, which arrived Tuesday
11 i ? ght from Pajiama and way ports.
*¦ docked yesterday at the little Mall
dock. She brought 929 tons^ of
cargo, treasure valued at $42,987 and forty
six passengers.
Stowed away in a locker on the after
deck was a prisoner, captured on Tues
day morning-, when the coaster was off
Point Sur. Captain Zeeder, whose impos
ing appearance on the bridge has gained
ti'm the title of "Klr^," was the man that
made the capture. The prisoner is a hawk
of large proportions. The bird's wings
from tip to tip masure four feet. With
a beak like a pruning knife and claws
l:ke Pilipino bolos the hawk was well
equipped for holding its own against any
kind of an ; enemy. It yielded to the
"King," however.
The hawk was discovered on the can
vas awning which covers the after deck.
The bird was tired and when Captain
tZeeder made a grab its dodging was weak
and it had little energy to give battle to
its captor when he finally mustered up
sufficient courage to seire the bird's leg.
With the help of half a dozen sailors
Captain Zeeder subdued the hawk and
confined It In a stout locker: Rest and
food worked a complete change In the
bird's appearance and when the liner
reached . port its strength had returnea
to such an extent that a call for volun
teers may be necessary to move the hawk
from Its prison.
The Para's passengers included the fol
lowing named: :; '
B. A. Knowlton. Mrs. H. N. Knowlt.n.
Misses A A.. Helen S. and S. P. Knowlton,
Mr. and Mrs. J Constantine. Mi«s M Hanscom.
U Hanscom. Edmund Lyons Hector Moixlra.
F. J. Frowiss, E. M. Wyld. E. T* yJd, Mrs.
M. Armltage. Mrs. M. Shaw. C. L. .Martin.
Miss C Shaw. G Molinaz. F. S. Foster. C
Wiggins. H. W. Felton. Mrs. R. Diaz de Leon.
Miss E. Diae de Leon, J. M. Marshall. Miss
V. L. I^vcter.
i Any euggestrone tha. appear pert'nent In the
premise* will be acceptable. An e^ly re^iy is
r»^ju»t-tf-d. . Respectfully. C. A DEVOL..
anil Qitfi^ermactei Vnited States Army,
• General Superintendent.
•'It arre>^« that this lt^i^> ha» in ef
fect since August. 1900. • The ye*- p^e^•lou»
wharfage amounted to about $13,800. or $4500
lem than yarly-- rental of this wh/-f. Tb»
amount pa.L reems excessive.- a« other ti
penses have t-^en reduced i* proportion t^.the
fen-ioe. and= ihe question whether
jiroper "effort , has been'made to obt. n a re
iuttion by using less wharfap- space. or dis
corstinuing thp lease •entirely" j.nt' to requesi
that I be informed if there i* ai./ available
covered wharf capable Af docking two trans
f/srte at the ame time. .» "-at can utilized
K; xhe Goveriiment at lee* expense than that
now paid, or j,f. in view of the above crit
i'c'^rn. any reuerction can be "iade in the pre*
cm rental. .-» ' •
The State Board of Harbor Commii
sioners met yesterday. J. C. Klrkpatriclc
presiding. The following communication
fr*m the quartermaster's department of
the United £mt«s arn-' rw read, and, on
motion of Commissioner john ~r>. Macken
zie, was referred to Chief Wharfinger R.
J. Welch:- • 7
SA>' 4"RANVISCt>. Juiy 2^.. I!>o3-
Board of ot*te Harboi Commissioner? —
<5«>ntl*nien : > <¦ hav# the honor tt <n\-'te your
attention tq, l*»e following' remark made by
the auditor lor the War Department, suspe.id
init -ouchers for the paymer I of re^t of Fol
mm-^treet
••Folsom-Blrest wharf r* -lor Jily 'ental of
$3.V)O. , . -
"This office rJ^Sires to inquire the nee#s*Uy
nf continuing this larpe expense from month to
'month, with the Qladual decline of transport,
service. ' Q C
COST OF MAINTAINING.
THE TRANSPORT SERVICE
Letter From Army Quartermaster to
the State Board- of Harbor
Commissioner*..
"Divorces were grantc.1 .*o ilay T. Drib-
coll from V4-.-tor..H. Dri^coll for desertion,
Annie Brchaut flora DaVid S. Brehaut lor
riesertion, Ida Eleanor • * leld *rom A a a
Field for n^lectand Elizabeth Edwards
from Harry Edwarus and Wi)liarr« H.
Rines frorrr T^-orence -Kines for cruelty.
. Neglect is^he ground oh which Susan
M. L-echleiter is suing *Tohn A. Lechleiter
for divorce. 1 The:' were married thirty
year* ago and have^cMr children. Mrs.
ix>chleiter alleges that -though her hus
band earns J?-0 a week he does not provide
for his family, but^-£ends* it u|v>n a.wo
rr.an named Minnie Thi-stle.
Hattie Barclay o? c 1727*. Church street
wants a divorce from Barclay. She
accuses him of cruelty aiii infidelity and
names one Josie Crozier as co-respondert'
Suits for d : - orce. were also filed by Ethel
Geiershofer agaii^t Edgar. Geiershofer
for neglect. Jubelina Thuteson against
J. Thureson*'/or cruelly and Mabel E. Mc-
Kay against Hugh fift McKay for cruelty.
Edward L-JacKson claims he was de
ceived bv -.\ellie Jai^kson, to . whom h*»
was married a* Vancouver in Septembei,
1901; and wants the mardage annulled. He
filed a complaint yesterday.
The Walshes were married in this city
on December ? r 1S?3, and have one child,
a girl, aged r years.
Mamie Potter, who was married to
James W. Potter at "Oreseer4 City, Oel
Nor"; County, in June," 1897, is also suing
fcr uivorce for cruelty.. ¦ .
t>r. Robert L. Walsh. A dentist who lives
at G<?ary street, wa* sued for divorce
.t • Olive A. Walsh yesterday. She
charges him, »ith crueltyjand alleges that
many times during the last four yffars he.
has given way to an ungovernable tempqr
and has cruelly beaten *?r. thraitened to
kill her and that almost 43aily during that
time he has applied »? her the vilest epi
thets and abusive language. . .
Dentist Charged With Beat
ing and Otherwise Abus
ing Spouse.
His Wife Sues Him for
\ Divorce on Ground
** of Cruelty.
WALSH'S TEMPER
CAUSES TROUBLE
¦ ' - . . ¦ • . • . ¦ ' ¦ .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,' THUBSDAT, JULY 30, 1903;
Branch Hydrographlc . Of flee, U. B. N., Mer
chants', Exchange, San Francisco • Cal
. July 20, 1003, ¦•-..;¦: . '
-On account of no slcnala the tima Imll uaa
not dropped ;ito-day.;J.O. BURNETT'
.Lieutenant. U. 8. N.. in chares.
Time Ball.
TO ARRIVE.
• Steamer.' From. - J Due.
Westport San Pedro |July 30
S. Monica San Pedro"...'. ......... July 30
Curacao Mexican Ports July 30
Centennial .Seattle • & Tacoma. July 30
Lakme San Pedro.. .... July 30
Siberia China & Japan Uuly 30
Del Norte. . . . Crescent City I July 30
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Port*. I July 30
F. H. Leggctt. Humboldt Bay .......|July 30
Argro...' Eel. River Port* July 31
Pomona Humboldt July 31
City Puebla... Puget Sound Ports July 31
Point Arena . . Point Arena July 31
San Mateo.... Tacoma July 31
r.ureka Humboldt July 31
Chico Coquille River Aug. 1
Edith Seattle.... Aug. 1
San Pedro.... Ran Pedro ..|Aug. 1
Oenderah Seattle tAug. 1
Minnewaska.. New York via San DlegojAug. 2
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. J Aug. 2
Centralla Grays Harbor . ..|Aug. 2
Arcata. ...... Coos Bay & Pt. Orford.Aug. 2
Newburg Giays Harbor ... .|Aug. 2
Coos Bay Newport & Way Ports. 1 Aug. 2
Corona Humboldt Aug. 3
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria |Auk. 3
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pta.lAug. 3
Texan New York ...|Au<. 4
Rainier Heattle A Whatcom Aug. 4
Chehalis San Pedro ., Aug. 5
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports..... Aug. 5
San Jose New York via Panama. Aug. 5
Ramona Han Pedro & Way Ports. Aug. 6
Clavering China & Japan Aug. 6
NorthFork... Humboldt ¦ .c Aug. C
Marlposa Tahiti |Aug. 7
Coptic........ China & Japan Aug. S
J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma Aug. 8
Columbia ' Portland & Victoria Aug. 8
TO SAIL. . .
Steamer. Destination. | Sails-. | Pier.
Jnly 3O. T~ i
H.Monica... Grays Harbor ....1 4 pmlPler 2
Arctic. Humboldt | 4 pm Pier 10
b. -Barbara.. Seattle & OlympJa.i 4 pmiPier 2
Argyll Nome-direct ...... Pier 21
Corona Humboldt ;.... 1:30 p Pier 0
State of Cal. Han Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 19
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 0
_ ' • Jnly 31.
G- Llndauer. Grays Harbor 1 pm Pier 28
Czarina..... Coob Bay direct., .f 5 pm|Pier 8
North Fork . . Humboldt ......... I 5 pm Pi» r 2
«• Maru...., China & Japan....] 1 pm Pier 40
• . Aneait 1. -. I - •
Ban Pedro. .. Humboldt | 4 pm|PIer 2
Argo Eel River Ports 4 pm Pier 2
Kamona San Pedro & -Way. 9 am Pier '19
Columbia.... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Newport.... N. Y. via Panama 12 m Pier 40
• Ang-nat 2. . •. -.
Eureka Humboldt .. .. 9 am Pier IS
Centralla Los Angeles Ports. 9 am|Pler 10
S- Rosa San Diego & Way| 8 am|Pler 19
Pomona Humboldt l:30pPier ID
August 3.
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
Pt. Arena.,. Point. Arena 4 pm Pier 2
• . • Angnit 4. ,
Chlco Coquille River...... 6 pm Pier 2
Arcata Coos B.& Pt.Orford|12 m Pier 13
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports. Ill am Pier 9
Alliance Eureka & Coos Bay 10 am Pier 16
__ Ancont 5. ..-. ¦ ¦ ¦
Chehalis Grays Harbor. . 4 pm Pier 3
Nevadan Hnolulu & Kahulul 3 pm Pier 2O
Coob Bay.... Newport >& Way.. 9 pm Pier 19
Denderah... Hamburg & Way. 2 pm Pier 25
,. Ancmt 6. _ ¦ .
X e 5r U Jfv- S^ney & Way.... 2 pm Pier 7
O.W.Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Angait 7. .- I
Curacao..... Mexican Ports ...flO am|Pler 11
• ,- _, Amrnut 8."
Siberia China A Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
City Para.. . N. ,Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
. FROM . SEATTLE. .
Steamer. ' ; Fon . • Sails.
City Topeka. . Skagway & Way Ports. July'ao
Meteor. ...... Nome &. St. Michael.:. July si
Ohio .. Nome & St. Michael... Aug. 1
Excelsior..... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Aug. 1
A* te " Nome .....r......:.;.. Aug. l
Humboldt.... Skagway &. Way. Ports. Aur 5
Senator..: Nome ................. Auk 2
Cottage City.. Skagway A. Way Ports. Aug. 3
Spokane Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. 4
Roanoke...... Nome & St. Michael... Aug! 4
Al-KI..... ... Skagway & Way Port*. Au*. 4
Dlrigo......... Skagway <& Way PorU. Aur. 4
Bertha... , Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Aug 7
City Seattle. : J Skagway & Way Ports. Aug. i
¦• NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of . the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column . gives the . last tide of ths
day, except when, there are but three ttdes as
•ometimes occurs.. The ¦, heights iriven ani in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast. Survey Charts, except when a minus <— )
sign precedes the heights, and then the number
given Is subtracted • from the depth si ven by
the' charts.. The , plane of reference Is the
mean' of the lower low waters.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Purvey
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published : by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and 1 low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
THURSDAY. JULY 30. •
Sun rises ..5:10
Sun sets . A7:21
Moon sets ..11:13 p. m.
d Time ITlmel Time] ITime
J» rt. I H Ft. Ft. I Ft.
? (H W - ]Ii W| H W| ]L W
60 I 4:16 4.31 9:50 .1.5 4:32 5.6 11:11 1.3
31 5:31 4.1110:46 | 2.0 5:25 5.6
L TV IH/W IL W < HW
1 0:21 1.0 6:52 3.9'11:44 . 2.5 6:19 5.6
2 1:25 0.6 8:10 4.0 12:49 2.7 7:13 6.5
3 2:1S 0.3 D:1S 4.2 1:49 .2.0 8:06 5.5
4 3:051 0.1 10:0* 4.5 2:28 2.9 8:55 5.5
5 3:45—0-110:52 4.6 3:2S 2.0 9:39 5.5
S. E. Buswell was bothered with dan
druff last April and he purchased from
J. S. Potts and J. A. Logan, members of
a drug firm, a lotion he alleges they
recommended as a sure cure. He charges
in a complaint for $5000 damages -he filed
against them yesterday that the. remedy
caused a disease worse than the dandruff
and was the cause of numerous boils and
Bores that covered his scalp and face after
a few applications.
He- alleges further . that when he re
ported his condition to the druggists they
sent him to Dr. John J. Richsteln, an
employe of theirs, and that he received
from him a prescription, the application
of which made him worse.
Buswell Pursues Druggists.
Movements of Steamers.
CHICAGO, July 29.— Judge Cavanaugh
in a decision to-day decided that labor
unions have the right to place pickets
about a plant where a strike Is in pro
gress, and he also declared that workmen
have the right to persuade workmen to
quit. The jurist furthermore held that
sending men to jail upon affidavits ttiat
they have .violated an. injunction is
illegal. Judge Cavanaugh's decision is di
rectly opposed to decisions rendered in the
Superior courts.
Right to Place Pickets.
Echo, from Port Elizabeth. . ~.
Sailed July 29— Bark Oregon, for San Fran
cisco. , . ¦
SOURABAYA— Arrived July 28— Br etmr
Arab, from Hongkong.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
ANTWERP— Sailed July 29— Stmr Serbia, for
San Francisco.
NEW YORK— Sailed July 29-^Stmr Oceanic,
for Liverpool; itrar Rotterdam, for Rotterdam,
via Boulogne.
QUEENSTOWN- Sailed July 29 — Stmr Iver
nla, from Liverpool, for Boston.
SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed July 29 — Stmr
Kronprlnz Wllhelm. from Bremen, for New
York, via Cherbourg.
'GIBRALTAR— Passed July 29— Stmr Van
couver,, from Boston, /or Naples and Genoa.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived July 29 — Stmr Norse
man, from Portland.
NAPLES — Sailed July 29— Stmr Syrian
Prince, . for New York.
This action is taken, it is said, on ac
count of the desire of the company to
cut down expenses all over the system.
The employes are all paid by the hour
and this will make quite a difference in
the pay roll if this same rule applies all
over the system. The machinists receive
37J4 cents an hour and the loss of the one
hour each day will be approximately $10
a month. The loss to the helpers and ap
prentices will. average accordingly.
It is supposed that the change will last
only during the summer months, though
it is possible that the new rate may be
permanent.
BAKERSFIELD, July 29.— The working
hours of the shop forces of the Southern
Pacific Company at Kern have been re
duced from ten to nine hours.
Southern Pacific Reduces Hours of
. Workday and New Schedule
May Be Permanent.
CUTS DOWN PAYROLL
IN THE SHOPS AT KERN
The present center of agitation is Ama
dor City. Superintendents of Bunker Hill
and- Fremont mines have been consulted.
They fear that labor trouble Is liable to
come soon. Notices have been posted for
some time reauesting those employed
about Amador City mines to become
members of the Western Federation. The
time limit has been extended to August 10.
Notices are posted up around Jackson call
ing a special meeting for organizing en
gineers, miUmen and mechanics as a
union under the jurisdiction of the West
ern Federation. A meeting is to be held
to-morrow night.
JACKSON. July 29.— J. C. Williams" of
Nevada County, -vice president of the
Western Federation of Miners, has been
In the county several days on business
concerning that organization. His pres
ence here is interpreted • as a move to
bring engineers and others identified with
the local union of the American Federa
tion of Lrfibor to affiliate with the Western
Federation. It is necessary, the . latter
claims, to hold its position that all those
working in mines in this section should
become members even though they, keep
up, the other union as well. They repudi
ate all idea of falling another strike.
Superintendents of Bunker
Hill and Fremont Pear
a Strike.
Vice President of the
Miners' Union Is
in Amador.
SEEKS MEMBERS
FOR FEDERATION
Bird Which Measures Four Feet From Tip to Tip of
Its Wings Is Captured By Captain Zeeder, Who
Brings His Prisoner to Port Confined in Locker
HUGE HAWK SEEKS REFUGE ABOARD
PACIFIC MAIL LINER CITY OF PARA
10
FRAMING BRYSON PICTURES
THE "LADY IN GREEN,"
Next Sunday's Call.
Bryson studies may be framed
with narrow frame, burnish gold
edging and raw silk mats;
colors selected to stiit tones and
pictures. These studies admit of
a variety of styles and also make
strikingly effective posters. The
"Lady in Green" and companion
pieces to follow are undoubtedly
the swellest art pictures ever
issued by any newspaper in
America.
BAILWAY TRAVEL.
California
Limited...
k To CHIC AGO ¦
il or Those Who
j^ "/j Seek the Best.
SANTA IE TRAINS
L«a.ve Market-street Ferry Depot.
I Local I Lim'd I Local I OVrl'd
I Daily. J Dally I Daily |Dally
Lv. San Fran.. 7:30 a 0:30 a 4:00 p 8:00 p
Ar. StocMon... 10:40 a 10:01 p 7:10 p 11:15 p
"Merced ..... 1:05 p 1:55 p ....... 1:28 a
"Fresno 2:40 p 3:20 p....... 3:15 a
"Hanford-... 4:58 p 4:07 p ....... 7:50 a
"Vlsalla .... 4:55 p 4:48 p ...... .5:00 a
"Bakersfleld. 7:15 p 6:00 p ....... »7:S5 a
" Kansas City ....... 2:35 a.. 7:00 a
" Chicago .... ....... 2:15 p ....... S:47 p
a for morning;; p. for afternoon. •'¦¦
7:30 a. m. Dally! Is Bakersfleld Local, stop-
ping at all points In San Joaquin Valley.: Cor-
responding. train arrives at 8:65 a.' m, daily.
0:30 a. m. ? Monday and Thursday -is the
CALIFORNIA j I.IMITED, carrying- Fal-
aoft ¦ Bleeping* Cars and Dining Cars
through to Chicago. Chair car -runs to Bakers-
fleld for accommodation of local first-class pas-
sengers. ¦ No second-class • tickets • are . honored
on this train. Corresponding- train arrives at
11:10 p.m. Tuesday and Friday. - .
¦¦: 0:30 a; m. Daily, Valley L-Itnlted, Composite
Car and Reclining Chair Car between Bakert-
fleld and 8an - Francisco. Corresponding train
arrives at \ 11 :10 p. m. dally.
4:00 p. m. la Stockton Local. Corresponding;
train arrives at 11:10 a.* m. dally. * _
8 :00 p. ' m. ¦ Daily Is the Overland Express
with through Palace and Tourist Sleepers, and
Freu Reclining Chair Care to Chicago: also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.- Cor-
responding train arrives at 6:25 p.^m. dallyi
Personally conducted parties for Kansas City.
Chicago and I East leave . San Francisco every
Monday, Thursday and Saturday at 8 p. m.
Of flees— 641 Market street : and In Ferry De-
i oat. San Francisco: 1112 Broadway. Oakland.
SOUTHERN PACIJiC
1 putm Lla*. Too* «f Itartec Street >
U*.v» - Feom Jpjib 11. 1903. - A*arrn
**74Ma Sanicl*. SuUoa. Elulr* and {>«•-
mento — V«ei
. 74»a VacavlHe. WlnUr*. Bmnsey........ JZBr
7 JO a >l«a^inei. Saa R»moo. Vailejo, _
Nap*. Call»«oe». Santa Koia 6 2S»
7.50a Nllea. Latbrop. Stocktoa 7.2&»
••00a Darls, Woodland, Knlgbts Laadtnir.
HaryiTllle. Orovllle. (connects
at Marjsville for Grldley, Bles* »
andCnfco) .-.— ,Jg<T
• 08a AtiantlcBxvr«»«-Ofden»ndEa!B. 10.25*
1 ICOa Port Co«ta, Martinet. Atftloch. By- , t .
roB,Traey.8w>«-kton.8acram«»ta.
Los Bhbo^ Mendota, Haaford. _^
"ViaallA. Porte»Tlll« ...."»4^a» .
1.00a Port Costa. MarUnet. Lainrop. Mo-
desto, Merced. Fresno. Oosljea
Junction. Haajijrd. Visalla.
Bakersfleld • •• B.Z&9 .
8.30a Shasta Expreas-DaTla, ™ll»mM .
(for Dartlctt Springs). WUlaw*. _^
•+Fr«to, Bed Bluff. Portland...... 748»
830a KJlea. Saa .lot*, LtTenBore, 8toe^ ..
ton.lone,8acTamenU»,Pl»ceTTlUo,
MarrsTllle. Chlco. Kcd Brnff..... 4^8»
8 30a Oakdale.C'hlneie. Jamestown. 8o-
nora. Tuolnmne and Angels ..... ••*«¦
800a Martinez and Way Stations. ,SSct
1000a Vallelo \' •*•*"• ¦
Bakerrteld. Los AngeVaa and *-*\
* Xew OTleana. (Westboynd ai* n
' rives m P»«lflc Cc^t Bxpresa,
Tia Coast LJne> ••••• O^Ol
1000a The Overland Llmrted — Ogdea, "• y
12.00x nay ward. Nlles aad "Way Stations. 3.25»
ti StOr Bacramento Krrer Steamers- ti IOOf
ISQr Benida. 8aeranje«t».
Woodland. "WHllatoa. Coluss.WU-
lows, Kalghts landing. Marys- . _
Tllle. OroTllle and way ¦taCona.. 10 55*
SJSQr Hay ward, Niles and Way SUUoas.- 755*
4 CO? MarUaez.San Ramon, VaUeJo.Napa,
Callstog*. SanUBosa... ........ 8.25*
4X0r Martinez. Tracy.Lathrop.Stoekton. 10 25*
4 00r Klles, LlT*nnore. 8toektoa. Lodt.. f|5»
4^0p Hajward. /files. Irvlngtoa. 8aj » t8.|S*
Jose, LUennor* I I! i.OO*
6-00z The Oi I Limited— Fresno. Tnlare,
Bakeisfleld. Lcs Angeles; eon- .
necta at Saagus for SaaU Bar-
bara •'¦' *M*
SjCOt Tort Costa, Tracy. Stockton, 1m
Banos ii £§*
t5^0F Nlles, San Jose Loc«-*.... .11?*
S.COf Hay ward. Klles and Ean Jose 10 2'— »
$X8r Oriental Mall — Ogden. Denver.
. Omaha. 6 1. Louis. Chicago and
East. (Can-tea Pullman Car paa-
aengers enly ort of San Fr»n-
claco. Tourist ear and coach - .
r Masengera take ».tf) r. v. trata
to P.rco, cootlnnlng tbfnce ¦ la
their cars* r.ii. train eaitward.. 4-tt*
Weslbonnd, Sanset Limited.—
From New Tot*. Chlctgo, Sew \
. Orleans, £1 Paso. Los Angeles,'
Fresno, Berenda. IUjmond (from :
Toaemlte), MarUnes. Arrtres.. B 23*
7XO 6an Pablo. Port Costa, M*rUa*s
\tii-' - aad-Way StaUana... .............. 11.25* •
t7XCr Vallejo..... , ~.. 7^5»
7MQt Port Coita. Beaiela, Sutioa, Paviu,
8acrame&to, Tmckee, Reno.
Stops at aU stations e**t of - •
r, Eacramento. 7.55a
t-C€r Oregon * California Expnws— Sao- . -
ramento, M»ry»»llle. Reddlns,
Portland. Puget Sound and Ent. 8.55%
tt.iOr Bayward, N lies and Sen Jose (Snn-
day only) ....... ...,•-. 'fti.SSa
ii^Sr Fort Costa, Tricy, Laihrop, Mo-
desto, Merced. Raymond (to To-
¦emite). Fresno 12-2S»
Han ford. Vlsull* Bater»fleld 6.25*"
COAST LINE (5arr»w flaage).) '] i
(Foot of M.-u-lcet Btrect.)
<> t7'46* Santa, Croa Excursion (3nad*y
only) t8.10»
CIS* Kewark. CeatervlTie. San Jose. .
Felton. Boalaer Creek, »»nta
- Crni and Way Station*.. ..._..... 8 2S»
U-lSr Hewark, Centenrllle. Baa Jos«,
Kew Alnadea.Los Oatoa,Feltoa.
Boulder Creek, Saara Cms and
Principal War Stations ..... 1045* '
4-ll> Kewark. San Joee. Los Oatos and
way stations (oa Saturday and
Sunday runs through to Santa.
Cruz, connects at Felton for
Boulder . Creek, Monday only
from Sgntm Crni) ffl.53 *
HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN Fie AX CISCO. Foot of Market fit. (Slip t>
-T7:1S »:C0 11:00 a.m. 100 3 00 6.15 ».«.
from .OAKLAND, Foot of Brosdwiy — t«:0O 18:C8
W:03 10:03 a.m. 12 00 200 4 JO P.M.
COAST LINE < Broad tiaage). '
(Third and Townsend Street*.)
6.10* San Joae and Way Stations......... 7TO
t7-00* San Joae and Way Station*... ...... t-SOr
//COa Kew Almadea /4.10*
17.16* Monterey and Sao** Cnu Kxcnr-
•Ion (Sunday onTj>.. ............ i3.3S>
; «8.00* Coast Line Limited— Stope only Saa
Jose,Gllroy,Bolli>(er,Pajaro.Caa-
trovnie, Sallnaa. San Ardt ?as«
Bob] eg. Sai»'.i Margarita. San Luis
Obt»po,(prti..ip«j staUonsthenee)
Bant* Barbara. «nd Los Aa-
geles. Connection at Castronn*
to and from Moaterey n 1 Paclfla
GroTe and at Psjaro nt; th bonnd
mmtt m from Capitola and SanuCrai.... 10.43*
¦••O* San Jose. Tret Vlnoa. Capitols,
BaataCnii.Pactde Grove.Sallnaa,
fan Luis OtMspo and Friacipal
Intermediate Stations 4.1fl»
westbound only, Paclfle Coast Ex-
pre»».— Tram Kew York.Ch!«*gOk
Kew Orleans. El Paso. Lot in*
• •• rm - «el»*. Santa Barbara. Arrtvea.. I^O*
- JO^O* San and Way Stations 1 20*
11-30* San Jose. Los Gatos and Way Sta*
. __ tlons 5-38T
•1-30» e«n Jose »d Way Stations.. .-I.... X7 C0»
Z-OOr Ean Joee and Way Sutlons 19 MU
1U.C0PDel Monte Kipreia— Santa Clara.
• San Jote, Del Monte. Monterey.
Pacific Grove (connects at Santa.
Clan for Santa Cms. Boulder , ••
• _^_ Creek and Narrow Gaofre Polnta) ti 2-ISl ,.-
•Ww Burllngame. S»n Mateo. Redwood.
it enlo Park. Palo Alta Msyneld.
| Mountain View. Lawrence. Santa
1 Clara, 8an Jose. Gilroy (conne*.
tlcn for Ballmer, Tres Plaos). .
Paiaro (connect for Wat»oa«
rule. Capftola wild Strta Crui),
Paclfle Giove and stations.
Cofinecu at Castro Ule for Sa- c
Hun* 10.48* .
•4Jf> flan Jose*aB.J Way Sutlont..^.... 8.3&a
etSXOr Ban Jose. (t!» Santa Clara) Loe
Gatos, WrigbtandPrlnclpa! Way (-. -. : . -
Stations - ........... r9 00*
•S5J0* Ban Joee and Prlnc!p«l^»y3tatlona t8.0(U
•18.167 6an Mateo.Beresford.BelmonikSaa
i # Carles, RedwoM. ftlt Oakt.
1 Menlo Part. Psw Alto t8.48*
6 JOr Ban Jose and Way Stations,.... •„ 8.3^4 .
•7X0r Sunset Limited. Kastbound.— Saa .
¦ Luis Oblap.o. Sant* Barbara. Los
Aogeies, Iteming. El Paso. Kew
Orleans, New York. (Westbound <•'- . »v
0 anlTe«viaS»nJc4qufnValley)... 25*
8.C0T Palo Alto and Way Stailon 10-15*
*1120l Mlllbrae. P«Jo Alto and Way Sta-
tions t945r
«11-30rMinbr»e. San Jose and Way Su-
tton< • :9.4S>
AforM^rninu. P for At Uraoom.
X Saturday and Sunday only.
i Stops at all station* on Sunday.
1 Sunday excepted- t Sunday only.
« Saturday only. -¦ . - . ¦,'¦>.¦¦*
a Connect * at Soshea Je. wtt« train* for Hanf8r< •
Tlaalla. At Fretno. for Ttaajla Tta Saagaz. •
«Tto Coa»t Line. J Tuesday and Friday. . .
« Arrive via Nlles. n Dally except Saturday,
tr Via Ean Joaqotn. VaDey.
t Stops Santa Clara lonth bound only. Counacx*
except Sunday, for all pemu Karrow Gan«u^^
tXJoo nonWD »t Yaieacl* EJ.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave ?ia SivaUta fory J Arrive
Saa Fran. fo»t U Martdt sy San Fran.
Wee* Sun- ~ " Surn Week
9:45* «:OOa gSftSS^^ l«7UoS SITftX
l:45r 9:00a )SSS5Slw l-:."»Op 3:30r
5:15p 10:00a 3:3()p 3:50p
fctoday* tly. "HaTt IVrwaT «:3Op,htit»1?. l'i:3Oy '
•^lifll J«» MAaxsT St^ (North Shore lCulroad/ '
. ornCfi t and Sausalito Fsitav Foot Market St.
WfisHy Cal $1.00 DerYeap
T 1
V/ 1-B.X
Eastbound
Tourist Parties
The best friends we have are those
' who have once traveled with one of
oar Personally Conducted Tourist
Parties— that ia saying a good deal for
the service, is it not?
1 ' Before making up your mind how to
; go east will you not permit me to tell
you about them and the decided advan-
tages they offer?
W. D. SANBORN. Gen'l Agent Burlington Route.
631 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.
G9X Phone. Main 1188.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN £Y. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO ANU NORTH PACIFIC
BAILWAT COMFANT.
Tiburon Terry, Toot of Market St.
SAXT PRAKCISCO TO SAH EAPAE1.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:C0 9:00. 11:00 a.m.:
12:35. 2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 5:50. 6:30 and 11:30
P. ¦ m. .
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30 8:00 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
2:30.3:40,5:10 6:30.11:30 p.m.
SA1T KAFAEL TO SAH PBAH CISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05 6:50 7:35. 7:50. 9:20,
11:15 a m.; 12:50. t2:C0. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20.
6:25 p. in.
• Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:50. 7:35 9:20 11:15 a. m.; 1:45.
3:40. 4:50. 5:00'. 5:20. 6:10. 6:25 p. m. ~ ~.
tExcept Saturdays.
Leave J In Effect I -Arrive .
San Francisco, f Mtfy 3. 1903. 1 San Francisco.
"week I Sun- I Destina- 1 Sun- ( Week
Days. I days. | tion. | days. | Days.
7:30 a 7:45 a 7:45 a
7:30 a 8:0Oa 8:40a fl:40a
8:00 a 9:.T0a Icnaclo. 10:20a 10:20a
2:30 p '2:30 p 6:00p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:10 p 6:20 p 7:25 p
7 :25_p j
7:30 a 7:30 a 7:45 a 7:45 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Novato. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 9:30 a. Petaluma 6:20 p 6:20 p
5:10 p' 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:25 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa.
7:30 a 7:30 a 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:0Oa 8:00 a Fulton. 7:25 p 6:20 p
2:30 p 2:30 p - 7:25 p
Windsor.
7:30 a 7:50 a Healdsburg. 10:20 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
2:30 p 2:30 p Geyserville. 7:25 p 7:25 p
- _ Cloverdale. _
7:30al~7730~a| Hopland |l6:20~a|10:20~a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:25 p| 7:25 p
7:30 a| 7:30 a| Wllllt«. | 7:25p| 7:25~p
"8:00 al 8:00 al Camp Vacation. 110:20 ajlO:2O a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Guernevllle. | 7:25 p| 6:20 p
~8:00 al 8:00 al Sonoma. I 8:40 al 8:40 a
5:10 p| 5:10 p| Glen Ellen. |6:00p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 7:30 a! ~" 110:20 a|10:20 a"
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Sebastopol. { 7:25 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentin, at Santa Koea for White Sulphur
Springs: at Fulton for Altruria and Mark
West Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs;
at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Clover-
dale for the Geysers, BoonevlUe and Green-
wood: at Hopland for Duncan Springs, High-
land Springs. Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs.
Soda - Bay. Laker>ort and Bartlett Springs ; at
Ukiah . for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs,
Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs,
Upper Lake, Pomo, Potter Valley. John Day's.
Riverside. Lierly's, BuckneU's. Sanhedrln
Helght3, HuUvlUe. Orr'» Hot^ Springs, Half-
way House. Comptche. Camp Stevens, Hop-
kins, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg, 'Westport.
> Usal: at WUHts for Fort Bragg. Westport.
: Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo, Laytonville, I Cum-
; mings. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen'a. Dyer.
; Garberville Pepperwood, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
' duced rates.
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half-rates.
Ticket-office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
bulldinr.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pas. Agt.
rc®fggg|l&gO TO SAN RAFAEL
IIMsJIMsl! SAN quent| N'
SS«b^ MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, ETC.
I^WuBjM^^^^} via Sausalito Ferry
tJ-ffk DAYS— < Holidays excepted) — 6:45,
V7-45 S;« 0:45. 11 a. m.. 12:20. «1:45. 3:15.
4:15? t5:i5N:lV6:45 9 11:43 p. m.
• 7 :45 • m. train week days does not run to
M SUNDA e YS AND LEGAL HOLIDAYS-7.
ts x*i fia 11 »- n U S(> « m -« in ;fc 12:30 « tn:3 °-
2-35 'i-.W). 5.. 6. 7:30. 0. 11:45 p. tn.
'Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin. Those
marked (t) to Fairfax, except 5:15 p. m. Satur-
days. On Saturdays the 3:15 p. m. train runs
tO FROM*S AN. RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Week days— R:23, t«'-25. 7:40. 8rl5, J0:35
IlToS I m *; 12:30. 2:20. 4:50. 5:do. eiis,
10 S^N D DAYS-6:15; 7:33 JS:10. 8:40.
111:45 a. m.. 12:50. 2:30, $3:25, 4:10, J5.50,
6:55 7:35. 10:20 p. m.
Trains marked <t> start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO — Week days — 5:45, 6:40, 7:45. 8:25.
0:45. 11:10 a. ni., 12:40. 2:45. 4:15. 5:10. 7: Oil
10:40 p. m. '
¦ SUNDAYS— 6:35. 7:55. 10. 11:10 a. m.. 12:05
1-05 2:40, 3:45. 4:55, 6:05. 7:10, 10:J0 p. m. '
' THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m., week days— Cazadero and way
stations.. , -, , H . ",-
B:1B p. m.. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way stations.
3:15 p.: m.. Saturdays— Cazadero and way
stations. - •¦-..¦- •-¦--'.?¦;
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 8 a. m., Caza-
dero and way stations. . • :
Sundays and Legal Holidays — 10 a. m.. Point
Reyes ¦ and way stations. /
TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market st.
FERRY— Foot of Market «t. '
•^Mfe&jf MEN AND WOMEN.
< uJffl^™ E MM tU* ° toT onn»tnr»l
fflgfli 1 1* t <«t«.^9 dischargei.inflanimatiom.
; MjaBWf G»««att«l3 g| irritation! or ulc«r»tion»
¦!<¦>]¦ not t» itrlctar*. of mncois membrane!.
W~*4 Pr.wmt» CmucIm. Painie,,. an d not aitrio-
irnTHtETAHSCHtMIMlCO. gent or pol.onoui.
Ijiji rHiriiiTTinnrnrn «old by DmnlaU,
C.8.A. A'&r or tant In plain wrapper,
rnMHi^ irBrrl t>r «xpren, prepaid, for
V^ WB&fn • 1 - 00 - or 3 bottlrt 12.75.
™Ta,llffir"Tr P Circular it&t oa muert..
TtATLWAY TBAVEI*.
-. . - . • « •
They Receive
Special Attention.
Old people and ladies traveling alone or
with children receive special attention from the |
managers of our tourist sleeping car excursions. j
They are looked after from the moment V
they get aboard the car until they reach
their journey's end.- They are relieved of all
bother about tickets and baggage. They are *
assisted to and from the dining car and on ¦;
and off the trains. I
Cars leave San Francisco for Chicago daily ria El Paso. The
Monday, Tutsdajr and Thursdaj -• :ars are personally conducted. . k
;}'" Vr'-V'- --\.\, St. Louis car leares Mondays; Memphis car,
_^~£25gj&R|§^|» Wednesdays. The "via Colorado" cars leave v
8 a. m., Wednesdays, Saturdays and Sundays.
H ( VAjU^iKc jjllii Jl Information on request. . . S
JlftiffiMjl^ F. W. THOMPSON, General Western Agent, %
B^^^^^a 613 Market Street, San Francisco.Rolled Barley Is higher. Bran . and Mid
dlings'continue firm, .with a slight advance in
the former. Hay la steady. . The circular of
Somers & Co. , says :¦¦
"The total arrivals for the week ending to
day amount to 4700 tons, the heaviest ship
ments for one week thus far this season and
1100 tons more than for the week preceding.
This would hardly seem . ai though' there .waa
much of a car shortage, yet we still hear com
plaints from many districts.; '- It , Is • becoming
more and more evident • that ¦ the , hay crop Is
very spotted this season, some districts yield
ing very, heavily, while others are turning out
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Flour rules firm at the advance, with a fair
demand for local and shipping account.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $1 eo®
4 85 usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 50®4 60;
Oregon and Washington. $-1 C0®4 20 per bbl
for family and $3 00@4 40 for Bakers'.
MILLSTUFFS—Prlccs In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs; R ye
Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour. $7;
Corn Meal, $3 25; extra cream do. $4; Oat
Groats $4 60; Homtny. $4!ff4 20; Buckwheat
Flour $4 6004 78; Cracked Wheat. $3 50- Fa
rina $4 25; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 60; Rolled
Oats, bbls $6 75®8 GO; In sacks, $6 2538 10;
Pearl Barley. $5 50; 8pllt*Peas. boxes. $7;
Green Peas, f 5 60 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
CHICAGO. July 20.— Improved weather and
the heavy selling of yesterday caused weakness
In wheat at the start to-day, and the early
depression was considerably augmented by the
eevcre break In corn prices. September opened
with a loss of V4@%c to %c at 77%@77&c to
77 %c, and there was very little wanted at the
decline. Prices held fairly steady'durlng the
first hour at the lower range, but later a bet
ter demand developed, Induced by bullish news
from the Northwest, where reports from Man
itoba showed greatly reduced crops In that sec
tion. Shorts covered freely, and some promi
nent longs reinstated lines which they had sold
out, which resulted In the market taking a
sharp up-turn. September selling up to 7lH«c
On the advance offerings became extremely
scarce and prices were well maintained
throughout the remainder of the session, Sep
tember closing at 78%c. a net gain of l%@l^c
General rains throughout Iowa, Illinois and
Nebraska caused heavy selling In corn at the
opening; extreme weakness prevailed, Septem
ber being off %c to %c at 61V4©51%c. At one
time the offerings were overwhelming and the
market was badly demoralized, but later a
good demand developed on reports from sec
tions of the corn belt to the effect that only
light showers had fallen and that much more
rain was needed. After selling between 5194c
and 62%c, September closed %c higher at
62%c. . • ,..'.;
Oate acted largely In sympathy with corn,
opening weak, but showing a good rally later
with local longs, -who had-sold out their lines,
replacing them on the break. I The close .was
firm with September We higher at 33%e.
Provisions ruled active and strong the greater
Chicago Grain Market.
WEA7HEII CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen over tb.e northern
portion of the Pacific Coart. A moderate de
pression overlies the valley of the Colorado
and Is slowly rxtendinjr northward. • There Ig
considerable cloudiness over Nevada and along
the foothills of Central California.
Fog is likely to prevail along the entire coaet
Thursday morning.
There has been a decided fall In temperature
over Oregon and Washington. In California
th* weather I* still rrlatively cool.
Forecast made at Kan Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, July 30;
Nsrthern California— Cloudy Thursday; fresh
southerly winds in the intrrior; brisk westerly
ulr.ds on the coast with fog.
Southern California — Cloudy Thursday; fresh
«v-*t*rly winds with foir on the coast
Nevada — Cloudy; cooler Thursday '
6an Francisco and vicinity — Cloud? Thurs
day with fog; light southerly winds changing
t<# «©utbwe*t. •- •
Fruit and Weather Bulletin.
Fcr the twenty-four hours ending S p. m
120th meridian time, San Franclsc.-), July 29:
: ' K K » w ! o < !
, RAiuntf. |s |3 |Z % £i;p
. mm- •
aortritim 00 «« ... Qear .. ..^
'¦ -NEW FRUIT— Apricots, 6%@9c for Royals;
Evaporated Apples, 6%c: Peaches. 4%©7c for
fair to good stock; Pears, nominal at 7c.
OLD - FRUIT— Evaporated Apples. 4@5%c:
sun-dried, 3@4o; Peaches, 4@5%c: Pears, 49
4%c for quarters and SfaOUc for halves; Nec
tarines, 4<85o for white: Plums, 4©6c for pitted
and Hi'l%c for unpltted; Ftgs, 3%@4c for black
and 405o for white.:
PRUNES— 1002 crop, . 2%©2% for the four
sires, with %filc premium for the large sixes.
RAISINS— 1002 crop are quoted as follows:
2-crown loose Muscatels, 60-lb boxes, 6Vic per
lb; 3-crown. 6%c; 4-crown, 6c: Seedless, loose
Muscatels, 6c : Seedless Sultanas, 6c; Seedless
Thompsons. 5%c; 2-crown ' London Layers, 20
lb boxes, $1 40 per box; 3-crown, $1 60; 4-
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins, Honey.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
WEDNESDAY. July 20-^-2 p. m.
UNITED. STATES BONDS. Ki -
Bid. Ask. f -Bld.Ask.
4s qr coup.. — 111% 4s q c (new).l35%136%
4s qr reg... Ill 111% 13s qr coup..l08V4109
MISCELLANEOUS.
Ala A W 6s. —^ — 1 Do 5« .... — .113%
Bay CPC 3s. — 103% I Do con 3s. — I0R
r C C GAE5s — 107% O W C g 5s. — 10O
Cal G & E K Oceanic 8C6s — 82
m and ct5s — ICO Om C R Os. — 126
Cal-it C 6s. — — PaeO Imp49 96 —
C C Wat Ss.lOO — P ITRy 6s.. — 107
Ed L & P 68.128 — P ft C R Us. —
V Cl R «S..116% — P ft O R «s. —
Geary-st R3s 40 00 Powell-st fts.lieVt —
H C&8 6%s.lO2% — j S B GARSs. — 103%
H C A S 5s. — 100" gF ft SJV53. — 121
Hon R T 6s. — 108 S R of C Cs.110%11^%
L A Etec 6s. — — S P of A 6s
L A Ry 6s. — 114V* <1909) 107% —
L A L Co 6s — — j (1910) ....108% —
Do gtd Cs. — — S P Of C 6s
DO gtd Ss.lOfl — (1906)Sr A.103H104V;
LAP lem 5s.l03%104% <l9C5)Sr B. — 1C5%
Mkt-«t C 6s. — 123% (lWm ....106% —
Do lem 69.117% — (1912)....— 113
N R of C 88.106 109 8 P C lcg6s.l2O% —
N RC(ofC)5slia% — Do strapd. ~ 100%
N P O RR5s — 108% 8 P B R 6s. — 140
N C Ry 5s. — 114% 3 V Wat 6S.107 —
N C P 5s.. 100 — Do4j2dm.P9% —
N S R 6s.. — 100 Do 4a 3dm. W%100>i
OOLH6s.H0 — Stkn GAE 6« 95 —
Oak T 6s.... — 121% U G & E 5«.105 107
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — * 60 I Port Coeta.. 64 66%
Marln Co .. 60% — [spring Val.. S4% S5%
NEW YORK. July 29. — The cotton market
closed steady, the new crop slightly off from
the best, being net i>@22 points higher.
Neiv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, July 29. — There was another
sharp advance In London tin prices to-day
spot closing about £2 higher at £127 3s, while
futures, galnlne a like amount, were quoted
at £124 10s. Locally tin was also higher, spot
closing at S28 60@29. ,
Copper was Irregular In London, spot there
advancing £1 10s lid to £57 7s, while futures
declined 2s t'd to £55 10s. Locally copper was
quiet and nominally unchanged with lake and
electrolytic quoted at $13@13 25, and casting
at $12 75013.
Spelter was unchanged In London at £20 2s
Cd, while In New York It remained quiet at
$5 87%.
Lead was Is 3d lower In London at £11 5s
and locally It was also easier, closing at $4 25.
Iron clostd at 52s 3d In Glasgow and at 42s
10%d in Middlesboro. Locally iron was un
chansed.
Netv York Metal Market.
Weather Report.
<120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. July 29— T, p. m.
s g 2 C a «
a Js fl *1 5* I
: STATIONS. % 11,11 SS S
¦ : ¦ ¦ i s - c - A —
• c c | : £
. . .*• * • '. ¦ •
Poker. 23.90 KO 54 N Clear ioo
Carson- 2J».M Mi r.2 \V Cloudy .00
Eureka SO. 10 f,S S2 NW Clrar 00
Fresno 2ft. *4 94 <*» W Clear 00
FljgstafT 29.80 W{ 4« S\V Pt Cldy <*)
Independence .2».7fi M «2 FE Pt Cldy OO
Lo« Anreles. .29. KX fto 64 W Clear 00
Mt. Tama.lpaiE29.Wt RO «« NW Clear 00
North Head ..30.14 00 r,4 NW Cloudy M
Phoenix 29. «8 10R 76 TV Clear 'co
Po<-atello 29.70 SS M SW Clear *«O
Portland 30.0S 70 58 NW pt Cl<3y 't
Point Reyes.. 29. M 53 48 NW CSoudy 00
Red Bluff 29. R2 8S «0 fiE Clear .00
Roseburg • 30.04 72 M N Pt Cldy 00
Karratr.ento ..29.M !»•« 64 S Clear *<0
fialt Lake ...2».78 «*> «0 N Clear .00
Kan FrancUco.23.H8 «O 48 tV Pt Cldy no
S L Ofclrpo. .29.f«K 72 50 W Clear 00
P»n Diego ...29.JW 7<» «O W Clear. .00
Seattle 30.I0 CH 54 PW CJoudy 00
SfiOlcane 29. M K4 56 W Clear .«>
Tatoosh 30.10 66 RO SW Cloudy 0->
Walla Walla. 29. 84 SR '¦('. 8W Clear .00
Wlnne.mucca .29.H6 KS 60 NW Cloudy .00
Yuma. 23. m 104 74 SW Clear .00
£ The Imueriai Oil Company has declared a
dividend of 20c per share, amounting to $20,090,
and Thirty-Three OH Company one of 10c per
share, amounting to $10,000, each Payable Au
gust U.
The Pacific Coast Borax Company paid a reg
ular monthly dividend of $1 per sfune yester
day.
The Trustees of the town of Mill Valley
will open bids on August 25 for $50,000 5 per
cent bonds for general Improvement purposes.
In the afternoon Giant Powder was lower at
$70f}69. Alaska Packers' at $147 60 and Hutch
inson Sugar at $13 75013 50. Trustees' certifi
cates Gas and Electric sold higher at $65 60.
The Champion mines have levied an assess
ment of 50c, delinquent July 30. and the
Brunswick Con. Gold Mining Company one of
3c. August 28.
Local securities continued <u!et In the fore
noon, with lower prices for the gas stocks.
Gas and Electric selling down to $07 50 and
the certificates at $05. Mutual Electric gold
at $13 25«gl3 50. The oil stocks continued very
dull.
ORF.GON
Flour, qr sks.... 4.54SI Middlings, sks . 1,100
Oats, ctls 220 Shorts, sks 1,250
Bran, sks 3,200|
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THt:RSP\Y v . JULY 29.
Flour, qr sks.. .16.41! Vool. bales .... 300
Wheat, ctls 27' 'room Corn, bdls 225
Barley, ctls ....14,orv ~ef>d. sks 70
Oats, ctlu 1.3?< Greenings. «ks . 50
Beans, sks ..... $• Pelt*. No 610
Potatoes, sks ... 2.41." Hide*. No 575
Onions, sks IK Quicksilver, flsks fin
Bran, sks 3.323 Leather, rolls ... ' 4O
Middlln«rsi sks .. «*.2f Wln«. rA|« 70.«SO
Hay. tons 81. r > Suear. ctls 530
Heps, bales .... 75 Tallow, ctts .... 65
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December $1 O4-: $1 05% $1 04% $1 05}i
OATS — There Is no change to report. Busi
ness continues quiet.
White. $1<17%?>1 25; Black, $1 io®l 20;
Red. $1 12%©1 17% for common and $l 20#
1 25 for choice: Gray, nominal.
CORN— Is still very scarce and firm, and no
samples of any consequence have been shown
on 'Change for some weeks.
California large Yellow. $1 65; small round
do. nominal; White. $1 65: Egyptian. $1 45®
1 60 for White and $1 40@l 46 for Brown.
RYE — Ib In Improved demand and higher at
$1 I5(ffl 17% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $2@2 50 per Ctl.
FUTURE8.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December . $1 0.1 $1 08 $1 02U. $1 mi;
Seller year, new 1 00% n 00% 1 00% 1 co£
Feed, $1 OCV4©1 08%: new Shipping and
Brewing. $1 12%@1 17%: old Brewing nom
inal; Chevalier. $1 20(f«l 40 for fair to choice.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December $1 46% $1 4S% $1 46% $1 48%
May 1 40 asked.
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December $1 4SU $1 48% $1 4$# $i 48^
BARLEY— The market ruled firm, with a
smart advance of several cents In futures and a
fractional improvement In the ¦ cash grain.
Buyers are reported paying more In the coun
try than on this market.
CASH BARLEY.
California Club, $1 42%<?1 4614; California
White Australian. $1 50#l 82%; Northern
Club $1 42%ftl 45; Northern Blue Stem.
$1 tMgl 52%; Oregon Valley, $1 CO.
This market continued firm, with higher fu
tures, ' and an advance in several descriptions
of cash craln.
New Wheat. $1 37%@1 42% for shipping
and $1 47%. til 32% for milling.
CASH WHEAT.
WHEAT — The foreign markets continue quiet
and featureless. Chicago was strong and ad
vancing, and reported that there was a better
export demand, with unfavorable weather In
France and England. St. Louis reported cash
wheat higher, and the character of the buying
the best of the season. Kansas City reported a
fair cash demand.
Wheat and Other Grains.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market Is
quiet; common, 4@5%c; prime, 6%@0c; choke,
oy46«%c: fancy. 6%@7%c.
PRUNES — Remain steady at from 3c to 7c
for all rrades.
APRICOTS — Steady; choice, 8®S%c; fancy,
10® 12c.
PEACHES — Quiet; choice, 7@7%c; fancy,
10@12%c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, July 29.— FLOUR— Receipts,
18,700 barrels: exports, 16,900 barrels; fairly
active and firm.
WHEAT — Receipts. 63.750 bushels; *pot was
firm: No. 2 red, S3ftc elevator and 83'/«c f. o.
b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 00% c f. o. b.
afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba. l)5o.,c f. o. b.
afloat. Following a momentary break, due to
corn heaviness, wheat this morning turned
stronis and active on good bull support, which
was continued all day. Last prices were 10
lV4c net higher. May, 845?85Vic. closed at
S5Vic- July closed at 83c; September. 82V4®
83!i,c, closed at 83%c; December,! fc2%©S4c.
closed ftt S3iic.
HOPS — Steady.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL — Firm.
SUGAR— Steady.
COFFEE: — Spot quiet. The market for fu
tures closed steady, net unchanged to 5 points
lower. Sales, 14,000 bags. Including July. 3.0.1c;
August, 3.00@3.65c; September, 3.70c; Octo
ber 3.S0c- November. 3.90c; December, 4.15c;
January, 4.20c; March. 4.35c; May. 4.50c.
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
Silver in lower. Domestic Exchange Is
higher.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. — $4 R4%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86%
Sterling Exchange, cables ' — 4 87%
New York Exchange, sight — .10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12%
Silver, per ounce — 54%
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 42
Exchange and Bullion.
LONDON. July 29. — Consols, 91%: silver,
25 3-lUd; French rentes, »7f 42%c. Wheat
cargoes on passage, firm but not active; Eng
lish country markets, firm, advanced 6d.
. LIVERPOOL, July 29. — Wheat, steady; No.
1 Standard California, 6s 6%<l@6s 7d; wheat
In Paris, quiet; flour, in .Paris, quiet; French
country markets, steady; weather In England,
rain.
COTTON— Uplarlds. 6.60d.
Foreign Markets.
-APRICOTS — 35@50c for email boxes and 65
©75c for large; to canners...$20©30 per ton.
PEACHES— 25@50c for small boxes and 50
@75c for large; to canners. $10025 per ton;
baskets from the river, ZSi&OOc.
MELONS— Cantaloupes, flfil 60 for small
crates from Bakersfleld. and $1 76@2 25 for
large crates from Winters and the rlrer; Nut
meg Melons from the river. 50@75c per box;
Watermelons. $3@20 per hundred.
GRAPES— Fontalneblcau. (Jt)c<?i$l per box or
crate; Seedless Sultana from Hanford. $1 60®
1 75 per crate.
C11KUS t'KtflTS— Navel • Oranges, $100®
2 fiO per box: Seedlings, $1@1 25; Valencia*,
$1 50@3: St. Michaels, $2@3: Mediterranean
Sweets, fl 25@1 CO; Lemons, 75c© $1 for stand
ard, $1 2501 7S for choice and $2®2 75 for
fancy: Grape Fruit, flftt i'R: Mexican Limes.
$4@4 50; Bananas,' $1 50@2 50 per. bunch for
Central American and 75u%f$l SO (or HavVMilan;
Pineapples, $1 SU(£2 50 per dozen. -
APPLES — 65c©$l 15 per box for choice and
fancy and fflUBGOc for common; Crabappies, 25
@40c for small boxes and 60@73c for'larne
PEARB — Bartletts. OOcCTSl for choice, wrap
ped;, large open boxes, 7Sc(fJ$l for No. 1 and
25<B5Oc for No. 2: to canners. $25@.'!5 per ton
for No 1 and $10^15 for No. 2; Dearborn
Seedlings, 60075c for large open boxts
FIGS— C5(585c per drawer; large boxna from
the river. #1 25.
PLUMS — Srtg?5Cc per box or crate; to can
ncrs $20 per ton.
PRUNES — Tragedy. . 60®C0c per crate.. > ' ¦-'-
NECTAKINKJ; — r.iMU7tic per box or crate.
Conditions In the. fruit market had no note
worthy change. Good sound fruit suitable for
shipping was wanted for shipment on the Puget'
Sound steamer, and occasional lots of " such
stock in small boxes and crates commanded a
small premium over the quoted rates. Re
ceipts of Bartlett Pears from the river were
very heavy, but the market was steady for No.
1 stock under liberal purchases for canning
account. No 2 Pears were In "free supply and
sold off fairly well to peddlers and others, but
at easy prices. Apricots In bulk were quite
steady and the best offerings readily com
manded the top 'rate, but for the common run
of offerings $25 was an extreme figure. Apri
cots In small boxes were offering freely and
neglected. Plums and Peaches In bulk were In
fair request among runners and cleaned up
well. Freshly arrived Peaches In baskets met
with prompt sale, but carrled-over stock moved
slowly. Figs were more plentiful than for
some time past and were lower. Large pack
ages from the river were marketed late, hence
the low prices. Fancy Apples were still in de
mand, but supplies were too heavy for the
market and prices declined. Fancy Grapes and
choice red Nectarines were in fair request, but
common and Inferior stock was In free supply
and moved slowly. There was a sharp drop In
Nutmeg Melons and Cantaloupes under heavy
receipts from the river. Watermelons moved
slowly at unchanged rates. ! There were seven
cars on the market.
Longworth Strawberries and Currants were
In limited supply and steady. Most of the
Longworths came to hand In poor condition,
being badly shaken up, hence the wide range
In prices. Choice Raspberries and Blackberries
were steady. The canners secured a few chests
of Raspberries at $3 per chest. Prices of Lo
ganberries were largely nominal. Receipts
were light and mostly poor and soft.
There was nothing new In Citrus fruits aside
from a decline In Mexican Limes. The Panama
steamer broucht 509 boxes Into an< easy and
liberally supplied market.
STRAWBERRIES— J.'XgS per chest for Long
worths and $3©5 for the larger varieties.
••• RASPHRRRIHH— $3*1.7 Per chest.
LOGANBERRIES— $3@4 per chest.
BLACKBKKKIEK— -534J.4 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES. p*r lb.
CURHANTS- Mlp per drawer.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The Cheese market Is well supplied, and the
feeling is easy, though quotations are un
changed.
Prices for Eggs are maintained, as the de
mand and supply about balance. The market
is without espocial feature.' »
Receipts were 41,600 lbs ButtOT. 88S cases
Eggs and 61.200 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery. 24©28c; dairy, 22%©
24c: store Butter, 17020c: Kastern. .nominal.
CHEESE— New. 12%®l3c; Young America.
14%@15c: Eastern, 14%@16%c; Western, 14®
16c Der lb.
EGG8 — Ranch. 27027 %c for large white se
lected and 25@26c for good to choice; store,
18£}23c; Eastern. 18@21c per dozen.
Dealers continue to complain of the dullness
In Butter, and report the. market weak, though
1.0 further decline Is noted. Stocks are more
than ample for current needs.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
-2 Oil v
. . STOCKS. «t » i S ? 2.
• •• • mvm
? V j •
. a ]
j_l 1 "_
'Amalgamated Copperr | IK) 130 39%
American Kujrar Iiefinwig 133 163 112
Atchlson. Top*-ka & Hanta Fe. 43 V*l% «2Vi
A. T A S F pfd 70 108 S7
Baltimore & Ohio M IIS.% 80%
Baltimore ft Ohio pfd 85 09 SH>%
Brooklyn Hapld Transit...... «8% S8% 45%
Canadian Pacific 87 !I45H|118
<*hecaptake & Ohio 29 I 67%' 32
Chicago. A Aiton 27 60i» 21%
Chic&fro. Milwaukee A £t I'auM.'U jl9&Afc!l39 -
Hnn, Cln. Chi A St Louie...! 73 !10R«M 74 "
Colorado Fuel A Iron ! 85 1:;.;'; 45%
Consolidated Ga* llWi '2'.s' jlHlLj
I*laware A Hudson |103 11*5% 1«1%
Pela. Lecka.war.na ft West. ..'2<«t l i t 2S7 1235
I»enver ft Rio Grande 44 1 !»:{% 24
Erie .' 24%' 45% 23%
Erie- 1M pfd m [-75% «:»%
Erie 2d pfd 47 | H3\ 47%
General Electric ;200 |334 ]157
Illinol* .Central !124 linHIUSU
Louisville & Nashville ! 74 ].v.n, Hfi
Manhattan I Kt 15S I12»%
Metropolitan StreT? 1150 177 115»»i
Missouri Kansas A Texas...) 21 33*ii 15>'i
Mis Kan & Texas pfd i 37 I «!»•, »s%
Missouri Pacific 72 .125% J*; 1 *
N Y Central & Hud*cn River. 140 U74%'ll2%
?":w York. Ontario & Western 24 40% 22
Norfolk A Westt-rn ! 47% 80% 60%
Pennsylvania 137 170 118%
People'* Gas {Hi % 120% 9314
.Heading 34 ' I 78% 47
Republic Iron & Fteel IS I 24«4 12 l / »
6£ Louis A San Fran 2d pfd..! .19 W)% 48
Southern Pacific 129 8Hi 43
Southern Railway j 20 41% 20%
Fouthern Railway pfd 176 08% 85
Tennewe* Cos!. Iron A R R..I 50 76% 39%
T.-XS* A Pacific I 27 r.4%| 25%
. TTnlon Pacific I 71 !IXJ I 75
f.ninn Pacific r?il I 65 I P9%| 85
I'nitefl Ftat«* Leather ! 7% I 16% I 7%
T'ntted Ftate* Leather pfd I «9%! !M 14 j 7034
T'nlted Plates Steel j 24 | r>5 ' j 22
>'nited States Steel pfd 09 IWlTtj 70
¦tt'«fc*«h 1014! 3S%! 20-*
Wabash pfd 24 64%l 36%
Westtrn t'r.lon 1 K3 100 Vi| *2
Wheeling & Lake Erie I 15 .'{OVJI 18%
•W"t»rAn5«!i central | 15 31 j 10
Wisconsin Central pfd j 39 | 57*ij S«%
TACOMA July 29. — Wheat — Nominally un
changed. Bluestem. 82c; Club. 78c.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, July 29.— Wheat — Walla Wal
la • 81c; Club 78c; Bluestem. new, 76c; old,
82c.
WASHINGTON.
Northern Wheat Market.
RED AND WHITE LEAD — Red Lead. 6©
6%c per lb:' White Lead. 6®6%c. according to
quantity.
RICE— China No. 2. $4 32%<ft4 37%; No. 1.
>5 75«5 90: extra No. 1. $C 4006 43; Hawaiian.
$4 00-35; Japan. $5 35$6; Louisiana. $t 50®".
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb In 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.75c;
Powdered. 5.«Oc; Candy Granulated, 5.60c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.50c; Dry Granulated, coarse,
5.50c: Fruit Granulated. 6.50c: Beet Granulat
ed <100-lb bans only). 5.40c; Confectioners' A.
6.50c: Magnolia A. 5.10c; Extra C, 6c; Golden
C 4.90c: "D." 4.80c; barrels, I0o more; "half
barrels. 20c more; boxes. 60c more: 60-lb bags,
10c more for all kind?. Tablets — Half-barrels.
«c* boxes «.2r>c: per It. No orders taken for
less than 75 barrels pr its equivalent.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal. Oil In bulk.
14c; Pearl Oil In cases. 20%c: Astral, 20%c;
Star. 20%c: Extra Star. 24%c; Elaine. 26%c:
Eocene. 23%c; deodorized Stove Gasoline, In
bulk. 17c: »n cases, 23%c; Benilne. In bulk.
13c; In cases, 19%c: 86-degree Gasoline, in
bulk. 21c: in cases, 27%c.
TURPENTINEj-73c per gallon In cases and
67c in drums ana iron barrels.
OIL — Linseed, 44o for boiled and 42c for raw
In barrels; cases. 6c more: Castor Oil. In cases
No. 1. 70c: Bakers' AA. $1 1001 12: Lucol. 41c
for boiled and S9c for raw In barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels. 90c; cases. 65c;
China Nut. 57%©62c per gallon; pure Neats
foot. In barrels, 75c; canee, -80c: Sperm, pure.
70c: Whale Oil, natural white, 60®35c per gal
lon; Fish Oil. in barrel*. 45c; cases. 60c: Co
coanut Oil. In barrels, SSc for Ceylon and 35c
for Australian.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton. $S; Seattle. $6 60; Bryant. $6 60; Roslyn.
$7; Coos Bay. J5 50: Greta, $7; Wallsend. $7 50;
Richmond, $7 50; Cumberland, $13 In bulk and
SM 23 In sacks: Welch Anthracite Egg. $13;
Welsh Lump. $11 50; Cannel. $8 60 per ton;
Coke. $11 50013 per ton In bulk and $15 In
sacks: Rocky Mr un tain descriptions, $8 45 per
2000 \hi and $8 50 per ton. according to brand.
BAGS— Grain Bags. 4.75@5c; San Quentln,
6.56c; Wool Bags, 32836c; Fleece Twine, 7%©
Sc; Cotton Fruit Bags, 6V*c. 6%c and 7%o for
the three grades.
General Merchandise.
SEATTLE July 29.— Clearings, $649,816;
TACOMA.' July 29.— Clearing?, $260,221;
balances. $56,277.
PORTLAND, July 29.— Clearings, $476,842;
balances, $S5.090.
SPOKANE, July 29. — Clearings, $317,210;
balances. $34,718. :
Northern Business.
Poultry arrived freely, but the demand was
steady, particularly for young stock, and the
market cleaned up well at maintained prices.
Hens were quoted firmer. A car of Western
was reported close at hand -and will probably
be on sale to-day. Game was In light receipt
and Cleaned up promptly at firmer prices.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, nominal; Geese,
per pair. $1 25@1 50; Goslings, $1 25@1 60;
Ducks, $1 f.o<fM per dozen for old and $4®4 50
for youni?; Hens, $4 50*!f5: younir Roosters. $)54S
8; old Roosters, $4 5005: Fryers. $4®4 50;
Broilers, $3#3 50 for large and $2 50#.J for
small; Pigeons, $1 50 per dozen for old and
$1 50 for Squabs.
GAME: — Rabbits, $1 25JI1 75 per dozen;
Hare, $1 25®1 50; Wild Doves, 75c per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
New York Stock Market.
NEW TORK.^July 29.— Operations in the
stork market took on a more conservative tone
to-day ar.il the leaps and bounds of the first
recovery from the long depression gave place
to a mote creer.ing process. Even this mod
erate upward pace wts not maintained and
there was irequent hesitation and reaction.
The news of rain In the Southwest and the
resulting weaknees in the grain market was a
benefit to the stock market, as a close eye U
kept on all news bearing upon the condition or
the corn croi*. There «ai no evidence of re
newed liquidation of the forced character that
ccst the market so dear for some time past,
but the demand for stocks, nevertheless,
Fhowed signs of satisfaction, and the selling,
though light, was sufficient to force prices
backward again.
There Is an element among stock buyers
I which refrains persistently from entering the
market until conclusive evidence Is shown that
the turn has definitely come. It la made up In
part of speculative shorts for a long turn and
in part of investment buyers, who dread to
hold stocks through a decline, in distinction
from that class called bargain-hunters, which
takes stocks and holds them regardless of the
market prices. The demand from this element
srems to have been exhausted quickly. The
banr»ln-humer element, of course, -decline* to I
follow any advance in prices. The recovery
has readied sufficient dimension* to induce
profit-taking also by the speculative buyers fcr
a short turn who were so fortunate as to get
In at last week's low prices. It U an Inevi
table consequence of such a forced liquidation
with the little sustaining power In the market
that a strong class of holders should have been
able to hold through the. weakest point by an
agreement between themselves; and their credi
tors In order to avert needles* sacrifice to both
by forced liquidation of collateral. The result
is a considerable amount of credits extended
with a stipulation for liquidation at the first
good opportunity. A rising market at this
time meets a considerable pressure of such
contingent liquidation. Aside from these tech
nical considerations, there remains a conserva
tive spirit of waiting to perceive how far the
businot-a and Industrial affairs of the country
will respond to the possible index afforded by
the recent movement of •ecurltles prices.
The oolnlona of prominent bankers on the
situation :mpert«il yesterday to the Associated
Press made ui impression upon the financial
district and imply the warning tone adopted
by one Influential banker that the commercial
and Industrial interests of the country may
have to undergo later an experience of liqui
dation like that through which Wall street
har just been passing.
There was a distinct relaxation In the time
money market to-day. The wide movements In
to-day'F market were confined to specialties,
under the influence of special causes. The
day's n«f changes are not important, the
earlier gains having been rather more than
wi|>ed out by the reaction., The Atchlsons were
conspicuously pressed for eale.
Bone"? were generally Irregular. Total sale*
(par value), $2,565,000. United States bonds
were all unchanged on the last call. ¦
SEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock — ' , Sales. High. Low. Close
Atchison 62.100 6JV4 «2% «2?4
Atchison pfd .. 1.377 H9V4 8SV* 8*V»
Baltimore & Ohio.. 10,000 M% 83 ta%
Bait & Ohio pfd... 2.400 8OV4 85% 85%
Canadian Pac 1,000 123% 122% 122M
Central of N J 300 1C2 159% 160%
Chesapeake ft Ohio 500 33% :;.(',, r.:iL
Chicago ft Alton... 1,200 23% 22 22
Chi & Alton pfd... 200 e« 06 V&1A
Chi Gt Western... 1.10i> 15% 15% 18%
Chi Ct West B pfd 200 32% 32% 32
Chi & Nwestern... 1.500 IC8 165V4 166
Chgo Term & Tran 200 11% 11"^ n
OhKO TAT pfd... 600 21 l<i IS
C C C & St. Louis. 2.4O0 73 72 72 Vi
Colo Southern ...... 000 14 13% 13*;
I Colo So 1st pfd 3.000 53 50% 62
I Colo £o 2d pfd.... 1,300 22% 22# 22tf
j Del & Hudson 100 165% 165% 1(J5
Del, Lack A West. r.00 249 242 242
I Denver & Rio Gr.. 100 24 24 23 ',i
j Den ft R O pfd 200 79 79 7»
i Erie 16.K00 30% 29% 29%
: Krie 1st pfd R.1OO 6fl>4 «S% . fi8%
! Erie 2d pfd 1.900 51% 50 60
! Great Nor pfd 170
. Hocking Valley 74
Hockinj Val pfd 80
Illinois Central ... 1,100 133 182% 132
Iowa Central 200 18% 18 18
Iowa Cen pfd 800 34% 34 34%
Kans City So % 100 22% 22% 22
• Kans City So pfd.. 100 39-39 30
'¦ Louisvl & Nash.... 1.600 1C3% 1041* 105
! Manhattan Elev .. 3.4O0 132*4 132ft 132 H
I Metropolitan St Ry 11.200 119 118% 118%
Minn & St Louis.. ¦ 2O0 58% 53% 68%
Missouri Pac 15,700 09% 08 9S
Mo. Kans & Tex... 200 20% 2OV4 20
{ Mo. K ft T pfd... SXK) 41% 40% 40%
Nat R R of Mex 18
Nat R R Mex pfd 38
N Y Central C.3C0 122% 122% 121%
Norfolk A Wesn... 2,800 63% «2% 63
Nor A Weet pfd... 100 fcfl 86 83
Ontario A Wegtn.. 1,500 23% 23% 23
Pennsylvania 21..V*) 124% 123% j 123%
P. C C A St Louts. 800 63% 61 62
Reading 2,200 50»i 49# 4!>%
Reading 1st pfd 81
Heading 2d pfd 05%
.Rock Island Co.... 40,100 2f.% . 23% 24%
Rock Island pfd... 800 65 C4U 63%
St L A San Fran 60%
S L A S F lut pfd 70
S L A S F" 2d pfd.. 700 60% 60 50%
St Louis Sowestn.. 200 14% 14% 14.
Pt L Sowestn pfd.. 700 32 30% 31
St Paul 29,200 143 141% 141%
St Paul pfd m
Southern Pacific... 45,400 45% 44 'i 44%
Southern Railway.. 8,100 21% 20% 21
Southern /Ry pfd.. 600 80% 85% 05
Texas A Pacific... 1,600 27 2<J% 20
T. B L A West 20%
T. S L A W pfd 29
Union Pacific .... 17,700 7«% 75% 70%
Union Pac pfd.... 400 83% 84% 85%
Wabash 200 22Vi 22% 21%
Wabash pfd 1,600 38% 37% 37%
Wheel & Lake Erie 200 15% 15U 15U
Wisconsin Central. 1,100 18 17% 17%
Wisconsin Cen pfd. 1,500 39% 37% 37%
Express Companies-
Adams 221
American 180
United States 100 100 100 UH
Wells-Fargo ¦ 155
Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper. . 23.600 43% 41% 41%
Amer Car ft Found 1,400 34% 34 33
Amer Car ft F pfd. 1.100 85 84U 84%
Amer Linseed Ol!.. 2,900 10 8% 9%
Amer Lin Oil pfd.. 100 30 30 28%
Amer Locomotive.. 600 19% 18% 18%
Amer Loco rfd.... 600 84% 84 84 ¦
Amer Smelt A Ref. 2.400 44 42% 42%
Am Smelt ft R pfd. . 500 90% »0 89%
Amer Sugar Kef... 1.800 117% 110% 115%
EASTERN MARKETS.
GAS AND ELECTRIC
Cent L & P. — S»i Sac E G&R. 39 —
Eqult Gas.. 4% 5 S P O t E. 6H 68
Mutual E L. 12% 13% S F Gas 3 3£
Pac G Imp.. 52 53 Stkn G & E. 5 —
Pac L Co... 53% 56% U G & E... 34% —
TRUSTEES* CERTIFICATES.
S F O & E. 65% —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.325 —
BANK STOCKS.
Am Natl Bk.125 — Lon P & A.. 165 —
Anglo-Cal ... 94 — Merch Trust. — 2<W
Bank of Cal — 575 Merch Ex . . 65 75
C S D & T.142%160 S F Nationl — —
Klr«t Nationl - —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S ft L. — 2275 Pav A L. &o..'92V» —
Hum SAL.— — Sec Sav Bk.4CO 800
Mut S Bank. P5 — Union T Co.2150 —
i 8 P Sav U..60O 750
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..139 205 [Presidio .... 35 45
Geary — 60 )
POWDER.
Giant 67 69 /Vltrorlt ....» 4 5
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — — Kilauea S C. 5 8Jf
Hawaiian C. 44% — Makaweli S. — 24
Honokaa S C 12% 13 lOnomea S C. 23% 24%
Hutch S P C — 14%'Paaubau S C 15% 17
MISCELLA NEOUS.
Alaska Pack.145 149 Oceanic 3 Co T —
Cal Fruit As. — 90% Pac A F A. 2% —
Cal Wine As. — 00 Pac C Borx.l6C —
Morning Session.
Board —
50 Anglo-Cal Bank 94 00
10 Mutual Electric Light 13 5O
25 Mutu&I Electric Light 13 25
$11,000 Nor Ry of Cal 5s bonds 120 0i>
10 Onomca Sugar Co 24 00
15 S F Gaa & Electric Co. s 80.. «7 50
30 Spring Valley Water M 0O
$1,000 Trusties* Cert, S F G & E.s 10. 65 00
, Stn-et—
50 Anglo-Cal Bank 94 00
150 Onomea Sugar Co 24 00
Afternoon Session.
10 Alaska Packers' Assn 147 50
20 Cal Wine Assn 98 0">
10 Giant Powder Con 70 CO
10 Giant Powder Con 69 0o
20 Hutchlnscn S P Co 13 7."
50 Hatchinson S P Co 13 5«>
160 Pacific Gas Imp 52 Oo
$4,000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s bonds.. 120 00
100 Trustees" Cert, S F G ft E.s 10. «5 60
CO Trustees' Cert. 8 F G & E.... 63 50
10 United Gas & Electric 35 00
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stock— Bid. Asked.
Caribou Oil Co S3
Four Oil 70
Hanford Oil 124 00 130 00
Home Oil 2 95
Imperial Oil IS OO IS 23
Independence Oil 17
Junction Oil 21 22
Kern Oil J0«
Lion Oil 05 On
Monte Crlsto Oil 90 95
Monarch Oil 63 64
Oil City Petroleum 2S 30
Peerless Oil 14 50 .....
Reed Crude Oil 3S 41
San Juaquin Oil 5 73
Sterling Oil 3 00 3 10
Thirty-three Oil 8 0O
Twenty-eight OH 4 10 4 SO
X'nlon Oil «» 0O
United Petroleum 11$ 00
West Shore OH 3 OO
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land & Impt 1 25
AlameJa Sugar 29 00
American Biscuit 05 00 100 CO
American District Tel » 5O
Bay Counties Power 75 00 9O OO
Cal Central Ga* ft Elec 3.'> 0«» 80 CO
Cal Cotton Mills S3 00
Cal Jockey Club 100 OO
California Powder ...». .....
Cal Shipping Co 25 00 SOOO
Cal Title Ins ft Trust 130 00 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland 63 00
Chutes Company • 8 to
City ft County Bank
¦Cypress Lawn Impt Co.... 6 12%
Eastern Dynamite
Ewa Pusnr Plantation
Gas Consumers' A->sn 2'J Jn
Honolulu Sugar 19 OO
London & 8 F Bank (Ltd)., -i...
Mercantile Trust ¦
Northern Cal Power 0 75
Nevada National Bank 2*JS mi
North Shore Railroad t> 00
Orph#um Company 13 60
Pacific States Tel & Tel 122 SO
Paraffin? Paint 33 CO
Postal D«vlc» & Impt 2 23
San Francisco Drydoek 47 Ort
Fau.-allto Land ft Ferry 16 00
Sperry Flour Co 32 00
Standard Electric IS 00
Truek€t» Electric 1.1 25 16 OO
Union Sugar 22 60
United Ga* Jk Electric 34 50
Western Fish Co
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
3000 Independence 14
10O Home 2 »3
1 Hanford 123 00
Street—
10 Peerless 14 50
20 S F Gas ft Electric 68 00
ZOO Monarcn •.•-¦-¦..¦•••••....•••... ol
20O Oil City Petroleum 2»
100 Sterling 3 1O
Street —
300 Home 2 05
Mining Stocks. •
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran*
, Cisco Stock and Exchange Beard yesterday:
! Mornln: Session.
300 Con NY 16! 100 Silver Hill .. 77
30O Seg Belcher.. 12 100 Union Con .. 82
100 Silver Hill .. 73J
Afternoon Session.
200 Bullion 04 100 Silver Hill .. 77
100 Chollar 1» I*** Union Con .. 9»
' 300 Potosl 20 SCO Yel Jacket . . 67
50O Seg Belcher.. 12
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
The following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday: V-.
Moraine Session.
SCO Andes ....... US BOO Kentuck OR
i 100 Belcher 42 600 Mexican 110
200 C C ft Va.l 47VJ 20O Occidental ... 3S
300 Con NY.... 17 20O Potoai SI
30O Con N Y..... 1C 100 Union Con .. 82
300 Gould & Cur. 39 150 Union Con .. SO
Afternoon Session.
300 Andes CS] 300 Mexican ...1 07%
200 Challenge . •.. 42 300 Mexican 110
300 Challenge 43 200 Mexican 1 C3
200 Cbollar 20 5fl<> Potosi *»
100 C C & Va..l 47% 500 Seg Belcher.. 13
200 C C * Va 1 45 2CO Silver Hill...-. 7!*
300 Con N Y 17 200 Silver Hill. ... 90
60O Con N Y 19 1OO Union Con .. *>
200 Con N Y 20 200 Utah «{
200 Gould & Cur. SO 20O Ycl Jacket .-. .6?
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
The following were the sales on the San
Francisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange ye§-
Morninr Session.
100 Cen Eureka... 83| 100 Ton ft Cal... 3fi
10O0 Esperania ... 05 40O Ton ft Cal... 3.
201) Glp«y Queen.. 27 30O North Star .. 52
600 Mon Ton ....1 «M 100 Ton ft 8 L... 43
rtfO Mon Ton 93 10O Ton ft S L. . . 4u
100 Ton ft Cal... 351
Afternoon Session.
200 Gipsy Queen.. 271 600 North Star .. 5?
400 Ton & Cal... 37| 600 North Star .. W
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. July 29—4 p. m. -
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 04 t'd Julia 02 04
Alta 05 C7 Justice 12 13'
Andes 08 <* Kentuck 03 04
Belcher 41 42 Mexican 1.05 1 15
Best & Belch.l »0 — Occidental .. ' M 39
Bullion ..... 0.1 04 Ophlr 155 160
Caledonia ...1 30 1 35 Overman .... 25 27
Challenge Con 40 45 Potosl 19 2O
Chollar 17 IS Savage 15 17
Confidence ..1 2n 1 30 Scorpion 03 03
Con C ft Va.1 45 1 50 S«g Belcher.. 13 14
Con Imperial 03 04 Sierra Nev ..51 32
Con N Y .. 2D 22 Silver Hill ..77 78
Crown Point. IS 20 St Louis .... 13 20
Eureka Con.. — 45 .Syndicate ... — W
Exchequer .. — 01 1 Union Con ..77 7»
Gould A Cur. 38 40|Utah 23 34
Hale ft Norca 43 60. Yellow Jacket CU 63
Lady Wash.. — 08'
TONOPAH MINES.
Bld.Ask. Blii.Ask.
Colehan 13 20 Rescue i 14 15
Esperansa ..04 05 Ton Belmnnt.l W> 2 W
Gipsy Queen. 2tt 29 Ton ft Cal... 38 37
Gold M Con. — Ofl Ton Fraction. — 95
Lucky Tom.. — 09,Ton ft a W.. — 07
MacNamara . 10 23 Ton of Ner. — 8 OO
Mlxpah Ex .. " — — Ton N Star. 61 52
Mont Ton.. 0« 1 02*4 Ton Midway.. — BO i
N Y Ton .. 0<J 10 T ft S Lalte. — 50
Paymaster .• — S5 . . _:.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered In San Francisco, less 60
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
C VTTLE— Steers. $ig9e; Cows and Heifers,
7fi8c; thin Cows. 4@5c per lb.
CALVES — »@5%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 4c; Ewes, 3%g3%e per ib
(gross weight).
LAMBS — Spring, $2 75©3 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs, 140 to 200 lbs, 6%jHJ%c;
under 140 lbs, 6%6l!e: Sow» 20 per cent off;
Boars, 50 per cent off. and Stags, 40 per cent
off from above quotations.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:.
BEEF— 6iQ7Uc for Steers and 5©6c per lb for
Cows.
VEAL— Large. 7<S8c; small. 9QO%c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 8®0c; Ewes. 8©S%e per
pound.
LAMB— Spring. 10®10%c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Ho**. R%<69%e per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
There Is no further change to report under
this ea . DRESSE d MEATS.
Meat Market.
Hanford— Cold weather unfavorable for
grape*' rx^hes exceptionally good; prunes fair.
Cdusa— Harvesting nearly finished; pears,
plum? and peaches ripening rapidly.
Riverside— Peaches and nectarines fair qual-
Llvennore— Hay light weight this year.
Porterville— Prunes ripening fas*, good crop.
Hollister— Apricot drying in full blast, crop
better than estimated,,
Cloverdale— Short crop of cling peaches.
Stockton — Local canneries began operations
on pears to-day.
King City — Fog last r.icht and thu morning.
Palermo — Foster peaches are ripe.
Santa Rosa— Fosgy mornings and cool
weather favorable for fruit.
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS, July 29. — WOOL — Steady to
firm. Medium grade?, combing and clothing,
18«?22c; light fine. 16@18c; heavy fine, 12#15c;
tub washed, 20<S29%c.
CHICAGO, July 20.— CATTLE — Recelpis,
23,000. Steady to 10c lower. Good to prime
steers. $5 10@5 .10; poor to medium. $3 90(§5;
otockers and feeders. $2 50®4 30; cowe, $1 600
4 50; heifers, $2 30®4 75; cannert. $1 50<g2 75;
bulls, $2 2564 40; calves, $3®B 75; Texas fed
steers, $3 25@**60.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 23,000; to-morrow.
25,000; left over, 3700; 5@ 10c higher. Mixed
and butchers, $5 2006 70; good to choice
heavy. $5 40@5 55; rough heavy. $4 75® 5 35;
light, $5 30®5 SO; bulk of sales. $5 35#5 66.
SHEEP— Receipts. 18.000. Sheep, steady;
lambs, steady. Good to choice wethers. $3 75®
4; fair to choice mixed. $3©3 50; Western
sheep, $3©4: native lambs, $3 25@0 25; West
ern lambs, $5©6 25.
CHICAGO,
Eastern Livestock Market.
ONIONS— 55&70C per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Oreen Corn. $1 50@l 75 per
sack; crates from Alameda, $1 75®2 25; from
Berkeley. $1 50; Asparagus, $1 25@2 50 per
box; Green Peas. 3@4c per lb; String Beans,
2:33c per lb; Wax 4®5c; Lima Beans, 6@7o
per lb; Tomatoes. 20ff25c for small boxes and
:i3@50c for large boxes from the river; Summer
Squash. 35®50c per box; Cabbage. 75c®$l per
ctl; Carrots. 75c@$l per sack; Cucumbers, 35
®00c per box; Garlic. 2%@3c per lb; Green
Peppers, 40(g65c per box for Chile and 75c*t?l
for Bell; Green Okra, 60@75c per box; Egg
Plant w 75c@$l per box.
The market was overloaded with river To
matoes and prices had a further decline. Small
boxes from Vacavlllo and. : vicinity were offer
ing at very low prices, but were neglected ow
ing to the abundance and low prices of the river
article. Green Corn *was In rather light Bup
ply and sold well at higher figures. . Asparagus,
Peas Rnd .Beans were steady, receipts being
just about sufficient for requirements. , Sum-'
racr Squash. Cucumbers, Green Peppers. Okra
and Egg. Plant were in ample supply and easy,
although the demand was fair. -
POTATOES— New White, K5cig$l 35 per ctl
in sacks and $1 25@1 t', r > In boxes, with some
fancy higher: Early Rose, 75cS|l; Garnet
Chiles. *l@l 15. *
Receipts of new Potatoes were moderate and
the market continued'actlve under a steady In
quiry for shipment north on- the Sound steam
er. There was sharp competition among local
Jobbers for desirable lots of strictly . fancy
stock, and such offerings commanded" a pre
mium over the quoted rates. Onions moved off
well and aa receipts were light prices were a
Httld firmer.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
LIVERPOOL.
. Wheat — July. Sept Dec.
Opening 6 3% 6 3^
Closing 6 3% 6 3
PARIS. .
Wheat — July. Nov.-Feb.
Opening .25 65 22 55
Closing .25 55 22 55
Flour— ¦ - ¦ -.'¦¦•
Opening 32 00 30 25
Closing 32 00 ' 30 30
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 34,500 0.300
Wheat, bushels »1.5$$. 7.000 .
Corn, bushels 103,200 242.700
Oats, bushels 459,700 218.800
Rye, bushels 11.600 . 700 ¦
Barley, bushels 44,000 7.300
On. the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was weak. Creamery, 14®18%c; dairy.
12%«jl7c. Eggs, easy at mark, cases included,
ll®12c. Cheese, steady, 10%@llc.
Foreign Futures.
LBUiKi by the ether fact that the losses have
chiefly fallen upon the rich, and by *t'll an
mher that liquidation while forced has at no
time been, allowed to develop symptoms of
panjc Support at critical times has always
b*-rn forthcoming frr-m big insiders as well as
Ironi bargain-hunting investors who usually
enpear when securities sell at or under intrinsic
value*.- For high rrade railroad ptooke with a
proved reputation fcr dividend earning c»p««"ity
there are ready rurchnsers on ever>- decline;
and these no doubt will eventually prove profit
able Investment?, even thoulii the market fall
to a tUll lower level. As to the latter possibili
ty. It Jepe^'is entirely ** to the comrleteneFi;
of liquidation, and aa assertion to that effect
is p:-emature. It It* quite certain that bottom
will not be touched until the weak *pots have
be«n thoroughly eliminated, while the l>ear ele
ment, encouraged by recent euccess. are likely
to carry their campaign to the extreme limit.
Indications are that the bottom is not far dis
tant, and that many stocks are at cr suffi
ciently near bottom to warrant purchasing on a
downward scale. This applies, however, only
to really sound securities. There 1* etlll on
the market a mar* of unfllKeFted stocks, or In
digestible as Mr. IIl'.l aptly described them,
for which a etill lower market 1* possible, if
not probable. As a dtpturbin* element, there
fore.' these must continue to tie taken tnto con
sideration. Some idea of the extent of the de
cline can be formed by the frilowlnn compuri
*on of price* of active securities on the dates
«p*cjfled :
Ths decline in securities ha* been satisfac
torily accounted fo>r over and over again; and
now It i» the consequences of that decline that
cause concern. Losses have been exceedingly
severe. And the fact that they have thus far
r*rn quietly met without Inducing open disas
ter i* dimply astonishing. It is explained, of
"Has the liquidation in etocks run its course,
and what will be its effect upon general busi
ness? These «xe the two questions at present
uppermost in the minds cf business men.
though definite answers are impossible under
eiich a conflict cf oppoeing forces as are now
actively at work.
The circular of Henry Clews says, under
date of' New York. July 25:
RECENT VALUES. COMPARED WITH
. THOSE OF 1901.
Wall-Street Stocks.
Colusa 03 50 ... Clear .. ...
Eureka 5R 52 ... Clear NW 8
Fresno 94 60 ... Clear W 6
Hanford 101 59 ••• Clear
Holll*ter t>2 45 ... Lt.Fog .. ...
Independence . . »4 C2 ... Pt.Cldy SE 14
Ktng/My 85 49 ... Clear . N Fsh
, LJvermore 90 61 ... Clear .. ...
Los Angeles ... SO M ... Clear W 8
Newman 105 66 ... Clear .. ...
Palermo M 65 ... Pt.Cldy . . ...
Portervllle ....97 66 ... Pt.CTdy NW . .
Red Eluff 98 «« .-. Cl** 1 " SE 10
Riverside 91 SO ... Clear •• •••
Sacramento....^ 64 ... Clear S 10
s- n niero 70 CO ... Clear w 8
itS Francisco.. 00 4S ... Pt.Cldy W 26
San Jofe *0 M ... Clear . ; ...
B, L. Oblspo... 72 f>0 ... Clear W 8
Santa Rosa .... 76 50 ... Clear
Htockton « 59 ... Clear .. ...
Willows 04 61 ... Clear B
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands »ell
about l%c under quotation*. Heavy salted
SUers 10%c;' medium. 9%c; light, 8%c; Cow
Hide*,' 8%c for heavy and 8%c for light; Stags,
7c- Salted Kip. Oc; Salted Veal. 9%c: Salted
Calf 10c; dry Hides. 16%c; dry Kip, 13c; dry
Calf' 18c* Sheepskins. 6hearHngs, 25«30c each;
abort wool 40®50c each; medium. 70S90c; long
wool *1@1 BO each: Horse Hides, salt, $2 75
for large and $2 25©2 60 for medium. $2 for
small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium. $1®1 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck skins— Dry
Mexican, 32%c; dry aalted- Mexican, 26c; dry
Central American. 33c. Goat skins — Prime An
goras, 75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium. 35c;
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%@5%o per lb;
No. 2. 404%c; grease 2%©3%c.
• WOOL— Fall clip — San Joaquln Lambs', 93
lie Quotations for spring clip are as follow*:
Humboldt and Mendocln.}. 18#20c; Foothill, de
fective. UGluC: Nevada, 12iiJ15c; San Joaquln,
defective. 9@llc per lb; Southern. 9$?ilo; Vai
ley Oregon, fine. lSSinc: do, medium. 16017c;
do coarse. 15016c; Lambs'. 16c per lb.
HOPS — 17%<r20c to growers and 21<@22c from
dealers to brewera. Crop of 1903. 16%c bid for
the best.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
These markets continue dull -and featureless
at unchanged prices. % •
BEANS— Bayos. $3 60®3 70; Pea. - $3 250
3 50; Butters, $3 25; small White. $3 15@3 30;
large White. $2 9003 15: Pink. $2 90@3;
Red. $2 90(173; Lima, $3 45®3 60; Red Kidneys
nominal; Blackeye $2 60@3 per ctl; Horse
Beans. *1 25@1 35.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard nominal; "Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $1 90@2; Canary, 6%e
for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; . Rape, 1%@>
2%c; Timothy, 6@6%C; Hemp. 3%@3%c per lb;
Millet. 3@3%C; Broom Corn Seed. $18@20 per
ton.
DRIED PEAS— Green. $2@2 25 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
-vof much doing in local stocks and bonds.
Wall-street stocks steady on the day. »
Silver lozvcr.and domestic Exchange higher.
Wheat and Barley very firm and higher.
* Oats quiet and steady. Rye in better demand and higher.
Corn still very scarce and firm.
Bran and Middlings very firm and Hay steady.
Beans and Seeds dull and featureless.
Butter zi'eah, Cheese steady and Eggs firm.
Prcn'isions higher at Chicago, with the packers buying.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs unchanged.
Potatoes and Onions in good demand and fir/m.
..Poultry and Game cleaning up ivell.
.Fresh Fruit market well supplied and not materially changed.
Con for money.91 5-16|N Y Central 125
Con for accoupt.91 5-16jNorfolk & West. 65
Anaconda 3% Do pfd 89
Atchiwm 65% Ontario & West.. 23%
Do pfd 92% iPenneylvanla .... »<3%
Bait & Ohio .... siii, Itarnl Mines .....' 0%
Canadian Pacific. 126% Reading 25%
Chesap & Ohio.. 34 Do 1st pfd 42
rhlcaKO G W 15% Do 2d pfd 35
Chi Mil & St P.. 140% Southern Ry ... 22%
peBeers 20% Do pfd .89
Penver & Kio G. 24% Pouthern Pacific. 40%
Do pfd 81%, Union Pacinc ... 78
Erie 30%; Do pfd 8!>
Do l«t pfd 68%. IT S Steel 25%
Do 23 pM 62 | Do pfd 74%
Ullnole Central.. .i:«% Wabash 23
Louis & Na«t» ...108 I Do pfd 39%
Mo Kan & Tex.. 20% | »
Bar silver steady, 25 3-16d per ounce. Money,
2®3 per cent. The rate of discount In the
open market for short bills is 2 7-1(1 per cent
and for three months' bills is 2% per cent.
londo'n closing stocks
Miscellaneous — Quincy 85
American Sugar. .116 (Santa Fe Copper. 1
Do pfd H8%|Tamarack 85
Amer Tel & Tel.l3l%,Trlmountaln .... 0O
Dom I & Steel... 13 (Trinity 5%
Oftieral Electric. .160 ! United States ... 18
Mass Electric 21% Utah ..i 24%
Do pfd 78% Victoria 4
United Fruit 100 .Wlnona 7%
U S Steel 24%; Wolverine 62%
Do pfd .- 72%l . -
Money— |WestInghse com.. 85
Call loans 3(34; Mining-
Time loans 5fi6 Adventure 6%
Bonds— Allouez 5%
Atchl»on 4s 97 | Amalgamated ... 42
Mexican Cen 4s.. 72 Blngham 22%
Railroads — Calumet & Htcla.425
Atchlson 62% 'Centennial 15%
Do pfd 88% i Copper Range .. 4%
Boston & Albany. 245 'Dominion Coal... 94
Boston & Moine.171 Franklin 8
Boston Elevated.. 137 Isle Koyale 6%
N Y N II & H..19.V Mohawk 36%
Fitchburg pfd 132 jOld Dominion ... 6%
Union Pacific ... 75%'Osceola 51
Mexican Central. 13 Parrot 18%
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Adams Con 09LIU1* Chief ...... 06
Alice 18 Ontario 6 00
Breece 15 Ophlr 145
Brunswick Con 0T> Phoenix 08
Comstock Tunnel.. O7|Potosl 20
Con Cal & Va 1 35 Savage 12
Horn Silver 1 00 Sierra Nevada 50
Iron Silver 1 50 1 Small Hopes 20
Leadville Con \02i6tandard . . : 2 00
U S ref 2s reg...lO6% L & N Unl 4s 98%
U S ref 2s coup..lO«% Mexican Cent 4s.. 71%
U S 3s reg 107% Mex C 1st Inc 17
U S 3s coup 108% Minn * St L 4s.. 98
U S new 4a reg. ..134% Mo. K & T 4b 96%
U S new 4s coup. 186% Mo. K & T 2ds... 80
U S old 4s reg 111 NYC gen 3%s... 05%
U S old 4s coup.. .111 NJC gen 6s 12*%
U S 6s reg -.101% Nor Pacific 4s... m-A,
U S 5s coup 103 Nor Pacific 3s... 71%
Atchlson gen 4s.. 89% Nor & W con 4s..v97%
Atchison adj 4s... 88 Reading gen 4s... 94%
Bait ft Ohio 4b.. .100% S- L ft I M con 5s.llOJfc
B & Ohio 3%s.... 92 St L & S F 4s »«%
B & O conv 4s... 100% St L Swestn lats. 92
Canada So 2ds....lO5 St L Swestn 2ds.. 75
Cent of Ga 5s 103 S A &• A P 4* 76
Cent Ga 1st Inc.. 70 So Pacific 4s 85%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO2 Fo Railway 5s 112%
Chgo ft Alt 3%s.. 71 Tex & Pac lsts.. .114%
C. B & Q new 4s. 89 T. St L & W 4s.. 74
C, M A S Pgen4s.lO(>% Union Pac 4s OOTi
C & NW con 7s.. 130% U P conv 4s 93%
C. R I ft P 4s 101% Wabash lsts 115%
C.C.C & S L 4s... 97 Wabash 2ds 106%
Chgo Term 4s 79 Wabash deb B... 61%
Colo ft So 4s 84 Weit Shore 4s.... 10*5%
1) & R G 4« 08 W & L E 4s 83
Erie prior lien 4s. U6% Wls Cent 4s S7
F W & V C lsts. 104 Con Tobacco 4s.'.. 59
Hocking Val 4%s.lO4 C F & 1 82%
Pennsylvania 05% Manhattan 100
U S Steel 79* Rock Island 77
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Total sales 1.502,500 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. July 29.— United Railroads of
San Francisco bond transactions: 10C0 at
$76 37%.
NEW YORK CLOSING BONDS.
Anaconda Mln Co.. 700 "74 72% 72
Brklyn Rap Trans. 0,200 46% 45 45%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 300 50 40 43
Colum & Hock Coal 800 14% 13% 14 Vt
Consolidated Gas... 300 185 184 183%
General Electric... 1,000 162% 161 160
International Paper 1,000 11 10% 10
Interntl Paper pfd. 100 63% • 63% 63
International Pump 200 35 ' 35 35
Interntl Pump pfd. 100 74 74 70
National Biscuit... 100 37V4 37% 37
National Lead. 1,500 14% 13%- 13%
North American... 1,500 73 71% 71%
Pacific Mall 600 21 20% 21
People's Gas 10,900 95% 94% 94%
Pressed Steel Car.. 300 44*4 44% 44%
Pressed S Car pfd .80%
Pullman Palace Car ; 205
Republic Steel 1,000 12% 10% 10%
Republic Steel pfd. 1,400 66% 65% - 65%
Rubber Goods 3.600 14% 14 14%
Rubber Good* pfd.. 600 67 66% 67
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 3,200 41% 40% -40%
U S Leather 1,700 7% 7% 7%
U S Leather pfd.. 1.200 81% 80% 80Vi
U S Rubber 200 11 10% 10%
TJ S Rubber pfd... 1.300 36% 36 36
U S Steel 15.900 24% 24% 24%
U S Steel pfd 11,300 73% 72% 72%
Western Union 400 84 83 84
The Chicago market was higher, with a bet
ter, tone reported. The packers evidently think
that prices are low enough, and are, buying.
Receipts of Hogs, however, are still In ex
cess of last year. The cash demand Is rather
better.
This market continues quiet at previous
prices.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 12c per lb for
heavy, 12%c for light medium, 14%c for light.
15c for extra, light. 17c for sugar-cured and
lsc for extra sugar-cur«d; Eastern sugar
cured Hams, 14%Q15c; California Hams. 14©
14%c; Mess Beef, $11 5Ofll2 per bbl: extra
Mess, $12012 60; Family, $13 50; prime Mfss
Pork, $19; extra clear, $26; Mess. $20; Dry
Salted Pork. 12%c: Pig Pork. $28; Pigs' Feet.
$5 25; Smoked Beef. 15c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7%e per lb for
compound and 9%c for pure; half barrels, pure.
i»a;c; 10-lb tins. lOfcc; 5-lb tins, lOftc; 3-lb
"cOTTOLENE— One half barrel, 9%e; three
half barrels, 9%c"; one tierce. 9%c; two tierces.
U»4c; flve'tierces. 9%c per lb.
Provisions.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Articles Open. High. ? low. Close.
jZ he &»°:.^ ?* in €, ¦'¦SB
Sept! (new)..... 77% 70Vi -77% . 70%
Ju?r?.*°: 2 ~. W 63% ol% 53V*
September 61 % 62% 61$ KV
December 51% ' 52% , 51% 52%
Oats No. 2 — ,„ '• ,. ' .„..,
July 41 43 41 42 %
September ..... 33% 34, 33 33%
December 34% 34% 33% 34 j*
May 36% 38% 35% 36 4i
SeSb^ rk> ..% b 75-"l4 00 1375 13 05
September.! 00 . 1 W0 8 «Vi "l 70 8 07%
October ........ 7 «5 8 00 7 65 7 92%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— ¦ ' ,,
September ..... 7 95 8 15 7 05 8.07%
October .. . . . . 7 »0 8 12% 7 90 8 05
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 2 spring wheat. 80@81c; No. 3. 78©
78c; No. 2 red. 77@78%c; No. 2 corn,' 53c; No.
2 yellow, 63c; No. 2 oats. 42%e; No. 2 white,
38@39%c- No. 3 white. 34<?35%c; No. 2 rye,
51c; good feeding barley, 32<8>40c; fair to choice
malting 47®53c: No. 1 fiaxseed, 03c; No. 1
Northwestern. 97c; prime timothy seed, $3 40;
mees pork, per barrel. $13 C5®13 70; lard, per
100 lbs $7 8507 K7%; short ribs sides (loose),
7 7667 87%; dry salted shoulders (boxed). $7 50
©7 62%; short clear sides (boxed). $S25@8 37%;
whisky, basis of h!gh wines, $1 30; clover, con
tract grade. $12@>12 50. .
. FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $23i324 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26@26 60;
Jobbing. $27@27 50; Cocoanut Cake. $20@21;
Corn Meal $32 5CST33; Cracked Corn. $33®
33 50; Mixed Feed. $23$24; Horse Beans. $30
per ton. • ¦ ¦-•
HAY— Wheat. $12014; Wheat and Oat. $11
@13; Oat $10@12 50; Barley, $8 50@ll; Clover,
10010; Stock $S@9; Alfalfa $8fflO per ton.
STRAW— 35@6Oo per bale!
"Very little choice hay is being marketed al
present, the bulk of present arrivals being
good wheat hay and falr~«rade tame oats. The
choicer lots of. both grades are evidently being
warehoused for delivery later. We can give no
change In prices from the quotations given last
week." " ¦ - • .
BRAN— $24 60@25 00 per ton.
1 MIDDLINGS— $27®30 per ton
SHORT8— *24*?25 per ton •
considerably less than originally anticipated.
This has been especially true with the Hollia
ter district, one of the largest hay producing
auctions in the State. A careful estimate of
th« crop was made early in June and now that
hay is being baled It is turning out full 25 per
cent short. Many shippers are anxious to
clean their fields, fearing early rains, but Judg
ing from" former years ifo worry need be given
this question for over a month yet.
"Concerning the local • market we -have very
little to report. Yesterday matters were espe
cially dull because of exceedingly heavy • ar
rivals. In the country matters are very differ
ent, for with the exception of two or three dis
tricts there Is considerable excitement and hay
is being bought up at figures considerably
above the present range of prices here. Wheth
er buyers are warranted in paying such figures
remains to be seen, although from the present
demand outside of San Francisco It would
seem as though hay should rule high through
out the remainder of the season.
crown fancy clusters, 20-lb boxes, $2: 2-crown
Dehesas. 20-lb boxes, $2 50; 6-crown Imperial*.
20-lb boxes. $.3; Seeded, f. o.< b. Fresno, fancy.
1-lb cartons, 7%c: choice. 7%c.
NUTS— Walnuti. No. 1 softshell. 12%@l3e;
No fc 2. 10%©ll%c;.No. 1 hardshell, ll%©12c:
No:2, 10©10%c; Almonds, lie for Nonpareils,
10%® lie for I X U 10©10% for Ne Plus Ul
tra and 8(g8%c for Laneuedoc; Peanuts. 537c
for Eastern; Pecans, 11© 13c; Cocoanuts. $4 50
©5.
HONET— Comb, new, nominal: new water
white extracted. 5%®Gc; light amber extract
ed, 5(85%c; dark, nominal, .r- '.'-'•
BEESWAX— 27©29c per lb.
THE h'AN FRAKCI6CO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 30, 1903.
part of the day. ¦ There was an excellent de
mand for lard and ribs, supposed to be for the
account of a big packer, which advanced prices
materially, pork being carried up with them.
The close was strong, with September pork up
32 He, September lard up 42%@45c and ribs
17%c better. , ¦ ¦ „
The leading futures ranged as follows:
LOCAL MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
11
AUCTION SALES
fe AUCTION SALE
OF FINE . .
ROAD, DRAFT, SADDLE HORSES
> CAND SHETLAND PONIES,
Including sons and daughters of Eros (2:23).
Advertiser <2:15H). Richards Electcr. - Fln»
Draft and Business Horses and thoroughly
trained Saddle Horses and Ponies. Sale takes
place THURSDAY. . July 30. 1803. commencing
at 1 o'clock p. m.
OCCIl>jar\iL HOBSE EXCHANGE,
246 THIRD ST.
Catalogues Issued at once.
WM. G. LAYNG. Livestock Anetloneer.THE SAjST -.TBAlvGJRCp CAXL, THURSDAY, JULY 30, 1903.
12
nFXP WASTKD MALB— Can.
WANTED— For the 17. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied, unmarried men. between 21 and 35;
good character; must speak, read and writs
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-war
In all parrs of the world, on land In our Isl-
and possessions, and at naval stations tn, th«
Unlted States. Apply at recrultlnu offlce. 40
Ellis St., Ran Francisco. Cal.: 222»4 N. Main
St.. Los Angeles. Cal., and 401 K St.. Sacra,
mento, Cal.
WANTRD— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Eti Rolkln, Rtao House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 130 large
rooms; 23c per night: $1 50 to $3 per week.
XRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
mall charges. 11 Third St.. Examiner bldg.
50O MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes.
50c up; soling cheap. 023 Howard St.. nr. 5th.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bull!*, room 40. Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. II. Thomas Popt.G.A.R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 41 Third st.. near Mar-
ket 700 rooms. 33c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ALL sizes men's »ho#», slightly damaged, naif
price. SC3 Mission »t.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoe* half soled while waltln*: 23c
to COc. C«3 Mission st . hit. 1st ami 2d sts.
HORSES AND V^AOONS.
WELL matched pair of sorrel hor»»s to be gold
at public auction. Wednesday. August 3. 11
o'clock, at Arcade Horse Market. 327 6th st.
ON .account of golnr to build, entire stock of
wagons, buggies and harness must b» sold at
sacrifice. Ccrner 15th snd Valencia sts.
RARE chance — 4 good horse* for sale cheap.
327 Sixth st. [
ONE fln« buggy, fruit wagon, cart, 2d-hand;
new laundry wagon, cheap. 823 Harrison at.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light caaplne wagon
and rocart for sale cheap. 832 Mission st.
HOUSES TO LET- V_V-
A— PRINTED list cf houses to let; •S34 for
circular. G.H.UMBSEN & CO..14Mant<omery
$12 W) — NEW 4 -room corner house- on San Joaa
ave. and Goethe St.. fronting San Mateo
electric cars. JACOB HETMAX CO., 117
Sutter st. \
$10 — 3-ROOM house near Cortland a»e. and
Fol3om st. cars; Spring Valley water In-
cluded; privilege afterwards of btrylns It
with your rent money. JACOB HEYMAN
CO.. 117 Sntter st.
BROADWAY. 1316. near Van Ness— 8-rocm
sunny house, stable, large ya-4.
BEFORE moving get cur printed list of houses
to l»t. TtAT.DTVTV * HOWTTLL. 23 Post »t.
HOUSES TO LET FURNISHED.
PACIFIC ave. — New and comptste. This Is not
a cheap, old-fashioned place, bnt «h* finett
rental prjpu-v in San Fraacl»;o. THE Mc-
CARTHY CO.. 646 Market st. ¦
$450 — HOUSE. 12 sunny rooms; good furniture:
fine piano and sewing-machine Included; rent
$33; 3 rooms pay It. 1533 Buchanan st.
A WELL furnished house, piano. 10 rooms;
very sunny: fine location: 1373 Masonlo »Te.
Apply MADISON & BURKE. 30 Mont». St.
SUBURBAN HOUSES.
\
3-ROOM cottage, furnished at "Camp Echo."
Larkspur Canyon. C. A. HOLM or postofflce.
LOCKSMITHS AND ELECTRICIAN S.
Locksmith and electrical works; I make and re.
pair anything. E.J.Schnetzler. 113 McAllister.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — Along lower Geary and Market sts..
lady's gold watch 'with short chain; dog's
head engTavetf on back. Finder will receive
reward by returning to cashier Call office or
757 Fifty-ninth st.. Oakland.
LOST — A pass book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
name of AGNES E. HAYES. No. 232-1362.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — A pocketbook containing papers of no
•value excert to owner; the currency may b»
retained by finder. Return book to CHAS.
I. HAVENS, architect. 55 Flood building.
LOST — Black cocker spaniel dog at terry build-
ing, foot of Market st. : tag No. 706. Finder
kindly notify I. H. BURRELL. 513 Central
Bank building. Oakland, and receive reward.
LOST — Certificate of deposit No. 5094. dn»wn
July 23. on Union Savings Bank, for $60."' J.
R SUMNER. 438 Van Ness ave.
LOST — German canary from vicinity of Stock-
ton and Vallejo sts. 7C3 Vallejo St.; reward.
LOST— Fox terrier bitch, brown head; answers
name Dottle; liberal reward, 14 Eddy st.
LOST — Pair rimless eyeglasses, chain; reward
at 830 O'Farrell st. MRS. SIMONS.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Callforni%
Watch Case Co.. 220 Setter st., needs old
r.iM •>«* «il»»» tn mak«> ti#w w»toh <-<<»»«
~ HKDIC.VL. •
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints: Instant relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience. 72S Post St.. near Jones.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities: Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008^4 Market st.. opp. 5Vx.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating fiom
sold: price $2 60 by express. Pasteur's syr-
inge and tablets: price $2 50. By express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD 'BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggists. Seventh and
Broadway. Oakland.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on fenul*
complaints: positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped; the most difficult cases treat-
ed: advice free. Offlce. 101S Market st.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1113 Market— Reliable ladies*
specialist; a private home 'before and during
confinement: best medical care: low fees.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERB3;
original method of treatment. 112S Market st,
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness— Expert
. in obstetrics, female comp.: 25 yrs. exper*nc».
DR. ROSEN, moved to 2993 Folsom st.. cor.
26th: relief $10; ladles' exclusive offios.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 310 Powell St.. opposite
Union square: nil HUtnscn cured by herbs.
ailSCELL,VNEOUS — FOR 9ALI1.
BOILERS, engines. 2-hand machinery. MelN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
A GOOD reason to buy diamonds, watches and
Jewelry from us Is that you need only pay
a small weekly payment on all purchases; all
goods delivered on first payment. Call and
examine our goods, even if you don't care to
buy. LICHTEN3TEIN BROS.. 25 Stockton.
DOES YOUR KOOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterite; In rolls easy to lay:
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or shingles: best for n«>w roots.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market at.
SECOND-HAND machinery, boilers, engine*,
pumps, water pipe, bought, sold, rested and
exchanged. See Sunday's papers. H.S.WH1TU
MACHINERY COMPANY. 130-132 Beale sc ,
A— Fine suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 30. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 23S Kearar. sc.
nesr Bush; open to 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A— $3 SO DERBY and fedora hats. $1 73. Pop.
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. nc&r
Pine: open till 9 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, ibafttn*. pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. C53-233 Spear st.
SECOND-HAND 10-borsepower boiler for sale.
Oakland Pickle Factory, 1622 Grovs St..
Oakland, '
FOR sale— 500.COO first-class new brick: at Gle a
Ellen. Inquire of. DR. C. C. O'DONNELL.
1C21'A Market st. '
FOR sale— No. 2 Smith premier typewriter;
$60. Box 4935. Call offlce.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sal*, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. i:il Post sC
ONE camping outfit for sale; 2 horses, wagon
snd harness. 738 Folaom st. |
SLOT machines: all varieties. Deweys. ii0.00^
Eureka Novelty Co.. 13^8 Seventh. Oakland.
MILES of Pipe and fittings: all sizes. KU-
GENE RILEY A SONS. 108 Valljjo st.
MOVING picture tilra • and long slides. 10D
Montgomery st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. K. B. BSCK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
All bargains; camp stools and -hair* hammocks,
metal beds. mattreisse8.J.F.Hotter.712 Mission
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, movint
plctcre machines, films. Bacigalupl. 833 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and Uanebes.
all sizes. J. E. IX) A K. 46 Frennoct at.
SAFES— New and second-band. THE HER.
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento at.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; alt
makes. ALEXANDER A CO.. UP Mor.t«/y.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED — 100 teams weighing from 1200 to
140Q. pounds at $1 per span and feed by th»
E. B. & A. L. Stone Company, for railroad
grading for the Butte County Railroad Com-
pany, near Chlco. Inquire either at the Oak-
land or Chlco offlce.
.TILTON want* good second-hand clothing aivj
theatrical goods. 154 8th st.: tst Jessie 2881.
$9000 WORTH cast-off clothing wanted; highest
\ price paid. 322 Graat ave.; toL Re4 3&£X
HELP WANTED — FEMALE— Coa.
™ S ¦" "
GIRLS FOR KACTORY WORK; GOOD
WAGES; PAID WHILE LEARNING;
STEADY EMPLOYMENT; APPLY AT
ONCK.
AMES & HARRIS.
100 SACRAMENTO ST.
AT OUR NEW FACTORY. 1873 MISSION ST%,
NEAR FIFTEENTH. SEWING MACHINE
OPERATORS ON OVERALLS WANTED.
INEXPERIENCED PAID SALARY WHILE
LEARNING OPERATORS AND RIVKTEKS
ALSO WANTED AT OUR MAIN FACTORY,
82% FREMONT ST. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.
APPLY TO MR. DAVIS.
WANTED.
WOMEN AND GIRLS TO CUT FRUIT:
GOOD WAGES AND STEADY WORK. AP-
PLY CUTTING BRANCH CAJtNERT, CALI-
FORNIA FRUIT CANNERS: ASSOCIATION,
CORNER SEVENTH AND BERRY STS.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit
and canning; steady work; highest wageb.
Apply California Canneries Co., Brannan
et., between Third and Fourth.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit: steady
employment highest wages. CODE-PORT-
WOOD CANNING CO.. Bryant and Tenth.
GIRLS to learn millinery now for fall season;
trade taught from start to finish in one month
for $5; positions guaranteed at $10 week up.
Eve. School only. 143 Stockton St., rm. 13. •
GIRL assist in light housework. 2 In family,
and care of little boy; no washing; $10. 2607
Howard st. '
GIRL of 16 to help In housework and other
work; live at home. Apply Thursday, 8 to 9
a. m., at 1827 Polk st.
A LADY of Indomitable energy to make money
and a convincing talker. F. PERSON, 477
and 478. Parrott building.
A — OPERATORS on children's woolen coats
and, dresses. 656 Mission st.. third floor.
A — OPERATORS on ladies* underwear. 656
Mission St.. third floor.
APPRENTICE for hair business at G.
LEDERER'S, 123 Stockton et.
WANTED — Neat, reliable girl; good cook. Ap-
ply fcrenoons. ."J66S Twentieth st.
IRONERS on ladles' and children's wear. 656
Mission st.. third floor. /
APPRENTICES and trimmers wanted In mil-
linery store at V92 McAllister st.
COMPETENT girl for general housework;
wages $25. 1332 Fulton St.; Ellls-st. car.
WOMAN of business training for commercial
position. Box 4U59. Call offlce.
WANTED— Girl to assist with second work;
mu&t be good seamstress. 1307 Hyde.
GIRL for housework. 51 Cumberland place, be-"'
2 tween 10th and 20th; Guerrero and Dolores.
YOUNG woman for light housework: references.
Call at 1247 Polk st.
WANTED — Nursegirl; one of experience pre-
ferred; references. 2607 Fillmore st.
2 WAITRESSES wanted at 613 Clay st.
EXPERIENCED Lamb knitting machine
operators, crocheters and hand sewers. Ap-
ply J. J. PFISTER KNITTING CO.. 412
Polk at. /
PICK hops in August; enjoyable, healthful and
very profitable outing for men; women and
children. Call or write E: CLEMENS
HORST CO.. 122 Battery St.. San Francisco.
DRIVING-GLOVE makers, also girls to learn
Klove finishing: wages from start. CARSON'S
GLOVE CO., 123 Second st.
OPERATORS ON SHIRTS AND OVERALLS.
STANDARD FACTORY. CORNER GOUGH
AND GROVE STS.
GIRLS for factory work; permanent positions:
good wages; no experience necessary; paid
while learning. Gulf Bag Co.. 709-711 Front.
WANTED — Experienced feeder on ruling ma-
chine. Apply SANBORN. VAIL & CO., 741
j' Market st. •
ITALIAN lady who can speak English wanted
to travel. Apply Girls' Directory, Central
• ave. and Waller st. .
WANTKD— A waitress. Call corner Ninth
ave. and Fulton St.'; RITTER'S.
CIGAR box paster wanted, experienced. EL-
L1S & GAUTADINE. 226 Fremont St.
WANTED — Girl to do general housework:
wages. $20. 791 McAllister st. r,
GIRLS wanted to work. - Inquire Oakland
Pickle Factory, 1622 Grove St., Oakland, Cal.
ELDERLY German Catholic woman: cooking
and housework; $7 per week. 1071 Market st.
GIRL for general housework; some washing;
must be a Catholic. Box 49'U, Call offlce.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmorc.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia rt.
. HELP .WANTED— MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. EMP. AGENTS.
429 Buhh st 642 Clay st.
Hello, Grant 185.
FREE FARE.. SHIPPING DAY.. FOR
.Caspar tunnel, Mendoclno Co.; steamer sails
to-day. '
Tunnelmen, teamsters, laborers $2-$2 75
Chatsworth Park, machine men, drlllers.$2-$3
(Bonus 23c day remain until work is done.)
Electrical engineer and machinist. Nevada.
$75 and found. (Run power-house tunnel
Plan). \,
Cook, hotel. Nevada. $75-$80
Tunnel foreman. California $4-$5 day
Section hands", all divisions, Cal $1 70
(Absolutely free fare for all above.)
4 4-horsn teamsters $40
15 Scandinavian lumber pliers, north.. $52 fd.
Ranch teamsters, $35; milker, $30; black-
smiths: plumber's helper: man to run incuba-
tor and help around, $".0 and found; carriage
maker; laborers: teamsters, $2-$2 25. .
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Managing steward, country club... ......$175
Steward, small, hotel.... ......$-10
Austrian. Swiss ¦ or ¦ German first and second,
cooks, country hotel. •• or cook and wife .'.$100
Second cook,- country hotel, $50; bakers, res-
taurant, country. $G0.>
Second butcher, country hotel, free! fare. ,$C0
Fryers, broilers, kitchen, help,- city. . .$30- $75
- Pantryman,* country hotel, free fare. .. ...$25
Dishwashers... potwashers, springs and coun-'
. try resorts, free fare.
2 waiters/help and nurse, halls, «prings..$30
Young man, commissary department. ...7. $25
Butchers, country shops," $35: .waiters, bell-
boys, city and country, $20-$35; others. ... • '
' Smith the butcher," Turner the cook, Joe Ha-
.- los-the baker," please report. ¦«*,
. Offlce boy. this offlce. .? .
Bowling alley man. Lake Tahoe, free fare.$25
¦ CR. HANSEN & CO., Employment Agents.
Bush st... .. .......... ;..... 642 Clay st
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 per.
-pair,' foot-form, shoes at $2 50, ! or, orthopedic
v shoes, $3 50; beat shoes on earth/ • 11 Third
j st.,". Examiner building, 6 doors from Market.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED FEMALE.
A MIDDLE-AGED reliable refined woman,
first-class cook, extra fine bread baker, wants
position In small family;. no washing; refer-
ences; car fare expected; wages $3 per week.
Bex 4952. CalL^ . ¦
AN American woman • wants situation to do
general housework; good plain cock;" good
home and moderate wages. 1065 Market st. ;
no postals.
YOUNG girl wants position to wait upon lady;
good sewer; understands hatrdresslng; will-
ing to do light second work; city or country.
Box 4937. Call Offlce. *
A YOUNG lady with 3 years' practical experi-
ence In topographical and railroad . draught-
ing desires position with draughting pfflce In
city; Al references. Box 4231. Call.
COMPETENT woman wants waiting or cham-
ber work, hotel or boarding-house; would
leave city. Apply 613 Ellis st.
A YOUNG woman (German) wants work by
the day; washing or cleaning. Address M.
W., 147 South Park. * /
TRAINED nurse would. take care of sick per-
son: out of city preferred. . Call or address
NURSE, 623 O'Farrell st.
TRAINED nurse wishes hourly engagements;
can give baths, rubbings or any care the sick
may require. Phone Scott 3151. «
WANTED — At a moderate salary, a position
as offlce assistant. Address box 4943. Call.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call lit Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
BARTENDER. North German, slnule, 37 years
of age, 23 years' experience in New York
hotels, but lately arrived, seeks position; or
as an Inside man In any wholesale business,
salesman, shipping clerk, etc.; speaks and
writes German and English fluently: city or
country. GEO. BRANDHORST. 532 Third.
YOUNG man would like work as carpenter; 10
years' experience as bench, and machine
hand. Box 4954, Call. ¦»
A COMPETENT gardener wishes position in
a private place. Address S. R., box 4051. Call.
DISTINGUISHED gentleman with high refer-
ences and long years of experience In Central
American republics and Mexico, well con-
nected with government business and private
circles. epea.klng several languages, desires to
go back as manager or representative for
large concern. Box 4938, Call offlce.
BOOKKEEPER on a ranch; well-educated
young man who has previously been em-
ployed In above capacity seeks similar posi-
tion; highly recommended by last employer;
is a stenographer and typist; abstainer; bonds
if required. Box 4246. Call office.
POSITION as salesman, 15 years' experience
" In mercantile business, also had experience
In railroad Wells-Fargo and bookkeeping.
Box 4248. Call offlce.
SITUATION 'wanted, charge of house and
grounds city or country, or stable work, by
single reliable man; best . references. Box
S04. Call offlce. Oakland. ;
j SITUATION wanted by* experienced young
florist and gardener to take charge ' of big
I place, either private or commercial: good
I reference. Address A. W.. box 4227, Call.
WORK wanted by a man that understands the
cleaning of empty flats and putting them in
renting order; good references. Address O.
K.. box 4259. Call office. 9
WANTED — Position in or hear San Francisco
by linotype operator-machinist; 8 years' ex-
perience, day work preferred. Address box
43. Petaluma. Cal..
MAN of 30 years, honest, steady and sober,
wants position as grocery clerk In or near
city. Address box 4942. Call offlce.
YOUNG Japanese boy wants a situation as
school boy. T. UEHARA. care Shlranul
Kwan, 431 Stevenson st.
GOOD Japanese boy wishes situation as school
boy. H.- TAKATSUKA, care Shiranul Kwan,
431 Stevenson st.
i A GERMAN, middle-aged and single, wishes a
i situation In grocery store and barroom; flrst-
class references. W. BOHLING. 417 Kearny.
EXPERIENCED stenographer, 21 years of
I age, desires position. Box 4264. Call offlce.
! SITUATION wanted by a young man to tend
: bar; very best of reference. Box 4947, CalL
' JAPANESE wants housework between 4 and
! 8 p. m. FRANK. 2007 Hyde st. •
JAPANESE cook wants place; do kitchen
work. 832 Clay st.. rear. Oakland.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore.
EXCHANGE. ',
A GASOLINE 4 horsepower automobile for ex-
.change for city or country property; will as.
sume a mortgage or pay a cash difference:
automobile guaranteed In first-class condi-
tion.
J. S. MYERS. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES incorporated and financed; atock
and bond issues guaranteed, underwritten and
sold; stock accented for services. Set.d for
i Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATES
; MINING AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post.
! FLATS TO LET. , j
AN elegant, convenient and sunny corner upper j
1 «i-room Hat. basement, bath; half block from
Market St.; within 13 minutes' ride of Golden
Gate Park: Castro and Eighteenth st. cars.
;ni43 Seventeenth st.
HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list; ser-
vice absolutely free; take advantage of this
department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 243-259 Geary
tt.. on the square.
PARK flats; new; elegantly finished; on Sec-
ond ave. and C St.. one block to McAllister
cars; 5 rooms, 6 rooms, 7 rooms, 10 rooma;
$25 to $45; sunlight all around; open. - -
LANGTON. 20, bet. Howard and Fclsom, 7th
and Sth— Upper flat of 6 sunny rooms. |
NOE. 151. north Market— Sunny corner flat, 3
bay-windows; 6 rooms* and bath; $30.
$11 — COTTAGE of 4' sunny rooms, yard. 132
Rose ave.. bet. Gough and Octavla sts.
A NICE 7-room flat; new, tinted, sunny; reas-
onable. 447 Broderick st.. bet. Hayes, Fell.'
A SUNNY flat, 6 rooms and bath; rent reason-
able. 384 Fell St.. near Octavla.
HARRISON, fl21, near Fifth— Sunny flat. 5
rooms; newly papered; rent $18.
TWO new modern upper flats. 6 rooms each;
sun all day. Cor. Twenty-sixth and Florida.
TO let — Flat ¦ of 4 rooms; 1897 O'Farrell.
HOOKER A LENT. 14 Post st.
XO let — Flat of 6 rooms and bath. 452 Tehama
street.
GREENWICH. 2727— Upper; sunny; 6 rooms;
new; marine view; $25; open. .
. FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
FURNISHED sunny flat; new furniture. Call
1301 Leavenworth st.. 10 to 4; references.
FLATS FOR SALE — FURNISHED.
SNAP; 3 new elegant bedroom »rt»; owner
going awfly; flat for rent. Box' 4'.).'U.- Call.
FURNITURE WANTED. .
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission, phone Red 4162,
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
-HELP W AKTED— FEM *££' -_^.
WANTED— 2 institution cooks. $40. $50; 2
German cooks no washing $35; 3 cooks,
little wash, $30; laundress. $30; hotel laun-
drc gg $30, fare paid : chambermaid. . $20;
ranch cook. Redwood City. $30; 5 hotel wait-
resses. $20. $25; laundress. 3 days week,
$1 50; pantry girl. $25; 3 cooks, small board-
ing-houses. $25. $30; German governess. $25;
'French nurse, $25; 4 second girls. $25;
kitchen helper for Institution. $2S a large
number of girls for housework, $25 and $30;
I chambermaid and laundress. $25. J. F.
I CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter st.
A COOK. Institution, $35; wompn to work part
. of the day. $4 a week; seamstress and cham-
bermaid, $25: 2d -girl. $25; cook,- Sausallto, 2
in family. $35. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
HAIRDRESS1NG, manicuring, massage, hair
work; removal of superfluous hair taught
from A to Z In 2 weeks for $4 50; positions
guaranteed; $10 to $20 per week; school day
and eve. 233 Geary r. 13; maids prepared.
A — LADIES, learn all branches halrdressmg
trade; manicuring, massage, etc. ; 1236 Mar-
ket St., cor. Jones, room 1)4; positions secured
at highest wages; day and, (%e. class; call.
EMBROIDERY teacher wanted; a thoroughly
experienced woman; .must understand
stamping and have complete knowledge of
art needlework; state experience, references
and salary expected. Address box 4956. Call.
WANTED — Young woman who is experienced
In art goods, embroidery material, etc. Ap-
ply between 0 and 11 a. ¦ m., at HALE
BROS.' • ; ¦¦- ¦
YOUNG lady for offlce work; must be accu-
rate and good at figures; state salary ex-
pected and give references. Bdx 4958, Call.
GIRL for general housework; small family;
$20 and sleep at home. Call 2320 California
st.. before 11, a. m.
NEAT young girl. 15 years or over, white or
colored, to . take care of child. Apply 2020
. Green st. ¦> . ¦ . .
SWEDISH young ¦ woman for general house-
. work, plain cooking;; small family. "2214
Leavenworth st. , ¦ . ., '
A — Practical Millinery School.' estab. 14 years;
. terms eajsy. 816 O'Farrell, for. 1000 Van Need. 1
1X)DGIXG-HOPSES FOR SALE. .
i 100 ROOMS; house for men; rent * 1 *^-,-"**^
6S rooms; south of 'Market: rent $100. 2000
24 rooms; ccrner; part cash; bal. easy. 8*0
11 rooms; good Income; rent S20.
21 rooms; water front; rent $40; .ease. C50
120 rooms; gocd lease- low rent........ 6500
67 nns.; apartments ;W estern Add; rent, -.x*
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, roadhouses. flats. 5 to 100 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL, 212 Kearny st.
' MARION GRIFFIN, rm. 406. Examiner bldg,—
Hotels. Apartment Houses, Flats and
' ROOMING HOUSES. A BIG FREE LIST.
SEE MOSSMAN
For lodging-houses. 850 Market st.
HOUSE 8 rooms: 6 rooms pay $13S monthly:
cost $1200; price $500. 804 McAllister at.
SUNNY well-fur, cor. flat. 14 rms.; rent $40,
lease: price $700. 204 Second St.. upstairs.
~ SPIRITUALISM. %
EDWARD EARLE, 1063 Ellis, readings daily,
9:30 to 4; reances Sunday and Thursday.
MME YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night. 10c. 619 McAllister; come, skeptics.
JOHN SLATER, circle to-night. 8:15; readings
dally, 10 to 4. 336 O'Farrell st.
KATIE HEUSSMAN. circle Friday evening.
2.V; sittings. 1000 Harrison st.. cor. Sixth.
CLAIRVOYANTS^
A^ cXLL~AT"0NciTAND SAVE $2
My Regular $3 Reading This Week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 SI '!-
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant ana
Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make you no charge If I fall to tell your name,
occupation and what you called for; I promise
to tell you whether husband, wife or sweet-
heart Is true or false; to tell whom and when
you will marry; in fact. I will tell you every
hope fear or ambition better than you can tell
i yourself. He- restores lost affections, reunites
the separated causes speedy and happy mar-
riages makes* you successful and prosperous,
cures disease a'nd lost vitality without medi-
cine, locates hidden treasures; hours 10 a. m. to
8 p. m.; Sundays 2 to 8. 326 O'Farrell St.. o26.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; If you are in trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied In life, or have do-
mestic love or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be tcld how to
overcome them; valuable advice In all affair*
of life- 25c up; satisfaction guaranteel ; read-
ings by mall. Tel. Black 45(3.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
et.. cor. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m. ; readings by mal! as satisfac-
tory as In person; 3 questions answered, $1;
fuli life. $3; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth; do.i't send currency. S;nd postofflce,
Wells-Fargo meney order or registered letter.
A — MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reade-, born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight; tells the past, present and future;
ladles. 50c: ffi-nts. $1; by cards, palmistry
and clairvoyant sitting; $1 60. 126 Turk st.
Mrs. A. H. Kronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading, 10c. for
a short time only; when others fall try me to
convince yourself. 402 Franklin near Grove.
A — Mm*. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 4th st.. near Mi-.rKet.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader tn city.
26^i Kearny. room 20; ladles 25c, gents 50c.
MME. MARSEAU, clairvoyant card reader;
ladies. 25c; cents. 50c. 545 Minna tt.
MRS. SHAFER, clairvoyant card reader: slt-
tings dally. 44J-J4 Jessie et.. bet. Sth and 6th.
CARPET-nEATIXG AXD CLEAXIXG.
AIR. compreseed. dry. Ice-cold. Is now univer-
sally used in sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
flcof, without removal or injury; prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call big. : phone Main 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAL'bDIXG'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-SS7 Tehama st- ; tel. South 40.
CALIFORNIA- Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen.
proprietor. 329 Guerrero et., tel. Mission 49.
TOY HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating;
mattresses made over. 1432 Howard ;South 216
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter sL :
tel . Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
DEXTISTS.
j DrTlUDLUJI HILL. 1443 Market, nr.Eleventh
' — No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set: extracting. &0c; gas given.
REMOVAL.
DR. C. W. RICHARDS, dentist, has re-
moved from 47 Po*t st. to Mutual Bank bldg..
room C14. corner Geary and Kearny ste.
A NEW plate — The Whalebon| — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown. $:^50; filling!". 50c;
plates. $3: full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 2.T3 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teeth. $1 50 up: crowns, $2 up; fillings,25c.
GOLD fillings 75c, silver 35c. crowns $2; no
I>£.in; cpen Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
10 PER CENT off this month; estimates free.
New York Dentists. 0C0 Mission et., cor. Cth.
.DRESSMAKERS & SEAMSTRESSES.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
— Any uattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife, plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.
DYEING ACTS CZ.EA.TX27O.
SEA breezes sweeten all garments, blankets,
lace curtains, etc., done by the Presidio
Heights Dye Works. 3915 Sacramento; phone
lor wagon. West 453. H. HICKMAN. pres.
EDUCATIONAL.
A — CALDWELL College of Oratory. Acting,
Opera and Authorship; largest In the West;
14 teachers; positions guaranteed; fall term
begins Sept. 7; day & evening class; beautiful
new catalogue free. 1295 Market, cor. Ninth.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236 Mar-
ket; modern, progressive, practical; estab-
lished 15 years. Gregg shorthand, fastest,
easiest, most readable. Actual business
bookkeeping; typewriter at home. free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post, S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches;
day and night sessions; Illus. catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE,
conducted by experts; best combined short-
hand and commercial cournc to be had; in-
dorsed by official court ret>orters. 1362 Mkt,
AYRES. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket et. ; special summer course in all depart-
ments: handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ship, $50; day and evening sessions.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; eft. 20 years; 1412 Polk St., bet.
Pine and California; adult class now open;
children's class will open Sat. aft., Aug. 15.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electriclty,24 Post
St., S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
THE Berlitz School of Languages has removed
to 1000 Van Ness ave.; rates reduced during
summer. Send for catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln., mech., sur-
vey, ansay. cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillsn School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SYSTEM, discipline and results; the Golden
Gate Commercial College, Van Ness and
Golden Gate aven.,S.F.;fl!ls every requirement
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonla Hall, Howard
st.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster, j
KENT Law School; day and night; assures ad-
misflon to the bar. 6 Eddy. cor. Powell.
SPANISH Academy — Professor Arrlbas ; classes
day and evening; private lessons. 834' Sutter.
LESSONS given In Water Color or OH Paint-
Ing from Nature. CURRIER.. 372 Sutter st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar. writing.
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mlsslon.nr.6th.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Pittman shorthand, typjng. bookkpg.. $8 mo.
_ EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post TTTltetTir^sTlsti^
Japanese-Chinese employment offlce; fur-
nlshes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Offlce — Japanese-
Chlnese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 6752.
A — GRAND Japanepe-Chlnese Emp. Offlce. 415
Stockton; tel. Grant 168; cxpcrt,rellable help.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab 20 years
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay!
EMPLOYMENT 'WANTED— FEMALE.
A SUPERIOR cook, Protestant,' with best of
references, wishes situation; wages $*5 to
$50. Bee J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter.
COMPETENT girl wishes housework in a small
family; wages. $25; car/are expected. 25A
Silver st. .
YOUNG girl would like to learn dressmaking.
Address 924 Natoma st.
HELP. WANTED MALE— Con.
MURRAY & READY.
¦¦-.#,¦ 634 and 636 Clay st.
Phone Main 5848. Phone Main 5843.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
'This Is What
Made Us Famous.
We Know No Distinction Between Man and
Man.
You Are All Equal.
You Are All Welcome.
1002 We GaveV 1903 We'll Give
45.000 Men Work. 60,000 Men Work.
We Ship You Free to One,
Free To-day. Free to AIL
Ogden, Utah. , , All parts Nevada,
Lcs Angeles County. Santa Barbara,
Chatsworth, Park, Hawaiian Islands.
Santa Susana. Oregon,
San Fernando. .. Washington.
Los Angeles County, Central America.
Arizona. Willlts. Uklah.
t And All Points Ncrth. East. South.
Including Ogden, Utah.
Carpenters and helpers, pile drivers, fence
builders, drillers, single, double and machine
men. corner and bench hands, muckers,
.chuck tenders, car dumpers, teamsters, la-
borers, track men, cooks, waiters, black-
smiths, etc., $5. $4. $3 50, $3. $2 50. $2 day.
Free Fare. Free Fare. Fr.ee Fare.
Everybody Talking. Thousands Going.
Are You? . Are You? Are You?
MURRAY & READY.
. 634 and 636 Clay st.
155 Coal Miners. Oregon. Free Fare.
155 Coal Miners. Oregon. Going Free.
Free Fare— 55 Men. Willlts— Uklah To-Day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay et.
FEE— $1— THAT'S ALL— $1 FEE!
FREE FARE. 666 MEN. FREE FARE.
> SOUTHERN PACIFIC R. R. DIVISIONS.
Santa Barbara Dist. . Santa. Cruz Dtst.
San Luis Oblspo Dist. Santa Clara Dist.
. Bakersfleld Dist. Sacramento Dist.
King City Dist. : . Alameda Dist.
Soledad Dist. Paso Robles Dtst.
Salinas Dist. Los Angeles Coast Dist.
Los Angeles Diit. Fresno Dist.
Guinda Dist. Cordelia Dist.
Madison Dist. Fannlngton Dist.
Also handlers of different places on their
divisions on every train
NORTH. EAST, SOUTH.
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay st.
NEW RAILROAD WORK.
158 Italians'. FREE FARE.
165 Greeks. FREE FARE.
155 Austrians. FREE FARE.
Board yourselves; managers at our offlce; see
them. •
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
GOLD, SILVER.
COPPER, COAL. ETC.
1R6 miners, single and double hand; machine
men. muckers, tlmbermen. furnace men.
etc.. $U0. $85 and $75 and found
386 laborers, no experience required $60. $75
Fares from $1 50 to $5; many managers at
our office.
TUNNELS— QUARRIES..
156 drillers, hammersmen. laborers. $00. $75
THEY WANT YOU.
12 laborers for mine, no experience wanted,
$42 and found; fare $2.
For stables— 12 men, $60 to $75. :" .; ;
For farms— 125 men. $30 $35 $40 found.
For orchards — 250 men $26 "$30 found
For dairies— 65 men. $30, $35 $40 found.
For chores— 36 men and boys, $30, $25 $20.
$15 found.
For hay. harvest — 63 men. $1 50 $2. $2 50
day and found. ' -<f". " «
SO fruit pickers $26 and found
LOOK!
39 teamsters, city. $22 week. $2 to $2 50 day
553 laborers, country. $2, $2 50 day.
Coachmen, gardeners private choremen
MARRIED HELP WANTED
18 men and wives for mines, ranches', dairies
hotels sawmills, etc., $40. $50 $60 $70*
$S0 found. • ' ' '
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
MECHANICAL HELP. "
68 blacksmiths. $3.
0 helpers, $2; 12 bench hands, $3 60.
0 carpenters. $3 to $4; 5 plasterers, $3 50.
Carriage makers, $1.
12 cooDersjllc barrel.
9 brick molders, $3 50; Iron workers, country.
n 155 other mechanics, $3 to $6 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
S6 LUMBER TRUSTS AND SYNDICATE^!
I.OCATKD IN FOUR STATES
MANAGERS HERE TWO TERRITORIES
FREE— FARE— FREE.
!H>5 laborers, no experience wanted, $35 to
$70 and found.
186 experienced mill and yard men, $40 to
$150 and found.
:;vt woodsmen, $10 to $150 and found.
Stickcrmen. Tallymen.
Hpool tenders. * Machinist.
Buckers, trackmen. - Line pullers.
Blacksmith and wood turners, barkers and
car loaders.
Tree fellers. Jackscrewers.
Log loaders. Shingle sawyers.
Dolbecr loggers. Carriage setters.
Swampers and trimmers. Gang edgermen.
Oilers ar.d engineers. •-• Saw filer*.
Pond men, band sawyers. Carriage doggers.
Sorters, graders and peelers. Chain tenders.
Shingle packers, also Jointer?, chute builders.
$40, $50. $U0. $70, $80. $9O. $100 .to $150 month
and found.
38G woodchoppers, tlemakers, shingle, post,
picket and box bolt makers, tools and pro-
vlsiqns found.
BIG L . MURRAY & READY.
TRUSTS. 63 1 and 636 Clay st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. ET<?.\
57 cooks, all over California. $90.-. $80. $75,
$60. $50. $4O. $35 and found, for hotels,
mines, sawmills, camps, ranches, cafes, res-
taurants, saloons, harvest outfits, etc.
IS waiters, $35. $40. $3O and found. '
.".1; pot and dish washers. $33. $30. $20 and fd.
IS bell and elevator boys, porters, bedmakers,
$30 to $45 and found.
Crisp maker. $10; porter, city store, $40.
Steward. $50 and found.
12 laundrymen. all classes. $18 week up.
6 bakers and helpers, $30. $40. $60 and found.
12 boys, learn trades.
MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay St.
" i SPECIAL ON MIDNIGHT
Mall, Phone and Telegraph.
3 machinists, fare paid, boss here. $50 fd.
Section foreman, lumber company, boss here.
2 waiters tor mine, also vegetableman, all
$30 found.
Third cook, also waiter. Eureka, fare paid,
$35 each.
Machine man, country planing mill.
3 carpenters' helpers, ranch. $40 fd.
Bedmaker, porter, bellboy. • city hotel, $20
found up.
Blacksmith, camp, free fare, sawmill com-
pany, $60 fd. '
Butcher, Punoma Co., $35 fd. ; Portuguese
milker. $35.
Teamster, light wagon, city, '$13 week.
Fireman, dredger, little blacksmlthlng. $40 fd
Young man care of boy. city Institution,
$30 found.
" 2 laborers, city winery, $10 to $12 week.
Biggest Wages at MURRAY & READY'S.
Best Places at ¦" 634-636 Clay st.
OREGON FARE TO-DAY.
TO-DAY. PAID. OREGON.
25 woods laborers and woodsmen. $35 to $S0
fd. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
CARPENTERS. -
14 good plain carpenters; boss here; $80.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
$1 TO BUTTE. $1— CHICO.
2»i teamsters, laborers, axmen. $75.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
EARBERS. take notice — On and after Monday,
August 3, our new wage scale goes Into ef-
fect: also all barber shops open at 8 o'clock
In the morning. Indorsed by the San Fran-
cisco Labor Council. JOS. R. BLEILY. Sec-
retary Local No. 148, J. B. I. U. of A.
GOLDEN West Beneficiary Employment Asso-
ciation — Male and female help on short no-
tice; 50 laborers. $2 25 per day; sheep herder.
$30 cer month: 7 waitresses, $25 to $30 per
month. PARKHURST A MAUPIN, *4
Drumm it. »
A YOUNG man of good address to assist man-
ager of Juvenile dept.; 18 to 20 years of age;
references. 8. N. WOOD & CO.. 740 Market.
CASH boys wanted. Apply S. N. WOOD tt
CO.. 740 Market st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express or
mail charges. 11 Third st.. Examiner bldg.
SALESMAN: high-grade matting line: on com-
mission: city & bay counties. Box 4941. Call.
WANTED— Night cashier and waiter; good ref-
erences. 185 Fourth st.
MALE stenographer and typewriter. O'BRIEN
600 Golden Gate ave.
BOY to learn plumbing; state age and wages
Box 4949. Call offlce. * '
PICK hops in August; enjoyable, healthful and
very profitable outing for men. women and
children. Call or write to E. CLEMENS
HORST CO.. 122 Battery st.. San Francisco.
MEN to learn barber trade; only requires two
months to complete and secure positions;
catalogue and full particulars m»tled free
Moler System Barber College. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — An all-round man at the Woodland
cteam laundry; wages $50 and board; must be
a good polisher. Addreig box 216. Woodland.
A STRONG boy, living In Western Addition, to
work after school; call between 10 and 12.
2551 California , st.
i — — p*
BARBERS, attention— Shaving parlor for sale;
living-rooms. Inquire 1541 Geary st.
MAN to "do Janitor work for tuition In 8. F.
Barber School. IV A Howard at. /
ONE-CHAIR barber shop for sale cheap. In-
, qulra SE. corner Gough arfd Fulton sts.'
BARBER'S 2-chalr shop, with living rooms
and lease; cheap. 2368 Howard st.
BARBER shop for sale.. 262 O'Farrell st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for 1 Europe and
Australia.'. HERMAN'S, '26 Steuart sU»
HELP WAITED— WALE— Con.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
520 SACRAMENTO ST.
Phone Main 1101. ; Cor. Leldesdorff.
WE SHIP TO ASTORIA.
' On the O. R. & N. Co.'s
Steamer •¦COLUMBIA" at .
11 a. m Saturday...; .To Astoria
Oregon On Columbia River Fee $1.
5 Company Work — 'No Discount.
FEE $1 -. FARE $3
FARE $3 :.. Including *Meals and Berth
25 laborers. $2 25 day.
25 rockmen, $2 50 day.
Board *1G month 16 fncnth board.
No strike Steady Job
Go to Astoria Oregon — Fee $1
STEAMER SAILS TO-DAY TO
CASPAR BIG TUNNEL— FEE $1
¦75 teamsters, laborers and tunnel | men. $2
to $2 75 day; 3 muckers and drillers. $3 day;
10 muckers. $60; 10 tunnelmen. $75; near
city, free fare; night cook, camp; free fare,
$40 and found.
BUTTE CO. FEE $1. SHIP TO-NIGHT.
f»0 teamsters, laborers and rockmen. $2 25 to
$2 50 day. SHIP TO-NIGHT to CHICO.
FREE. FARE. FEE »$1. TO WILLITS.
We ship all over the S. P. R. R. Co.'s section
and extra gangs. FREE FARE; FEE $1.
MINES.
10 miners. NORTH; Al Job. $75.
20 muckers and laborers, $«0
FACTORY. NEAR CITY.
10 laborers, board where you please $2 20
day. •
10 laborers, near city board home $2 day.
MISCELLANEOUS.
3 farmers. $'M found; choreman, $30 found;
man milk 10 cows, drive team. boss, here;
$30 found; blacksmith helper city. $2 day;
bell boy. city. $15 found.
4 carpenters, near city, boss hera to-day.
Men. come and eee us, read our bulletin
boards. ' /
Hundreds of other positions
GET THE FREE LIST OF JOBS AT
PACIFIC EMP. AGENCY. 520 Sacramento st
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
50 Third gt.. nr. Call bldg.: phone Bush 405.
FREE FARE— FREE FARE.
NEVADA AND UTAH.
We ship dally; S. P. Co.'s own work.
WO laborers. $2 a day.
400 section hands, all parts of California.
S. P. It. R. Co.'s Own Work. .
FREE FARE— FREE FARE. . 'y'
/ EVERY DAY.
CHATSWORTH PARK— FREE FARE
10 tunnelmen, $3 a day.
10 drillers and muckers. $2 25 a day.
FREE FARE— MENDOCINb COUNTY.
10 tunnelmen. $2 75 a day.
10 teamsters and muckers, $2 73 a day.
10 laborers, $2 a day.
10 men for the same mill. $30 a month and
board; ship to-day. i
BUTTE COUNTY— CHICO..
50 teamsters and rockmen. $2 50 a day
50 laborers and axmen. $2 25 a day.
COAL MINERS.
FREE FARE— OREGON.
25 miners. $1 a ton.'
2 men to cut wood 4 feet $1 25 cord.
Tools free, provisions advanced.
« wood choppers, oak. 2 tiers. 16-Inch $1 75
a cord. • •
Cook, boarding-house, near city, $40.
' Man and wife for fruit ranch to pick and pit
fruit. $1 50 and $1 25 a day. boss here.
0 CAL EMP. AGENCY. 59 Third st.
GERMAN butler. ne;it, young, understands
business thoroughly; wishes a situation In
family. See J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334
Sutler st. • /
COACHMAN, $30 and found; 3 choremen, $25
¦¦and found; ." farmers and wives, $40, $50
and $55 and found; choreboy for ranch,
$15 to $20 and found; milkers, $30 and
$35 and *found: 2 sheep herders, $30 and
found; all rouml laundryman. $r>0 and found:
blacksmith helper and doorman. $1 50 day
and board; 4 carpenters, $3 and $:j 50 day:
Iron molder for country. $a day: 4 wood
choppers, $1 50 ccrd: miners. $2 5O and $3
day; laborers, quarrymrn and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., C2S Sacramento st.
JANITOR for institution. ?30 and board; baker,
country shop, $13 week/ and found; young
man for houpework. $23 and found; boarding-
house cook, $40; restaurant cooks, dishwash-
ers, courtfry hotel*? $25 and $30 and found,
and oth#s. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628
Kacramertto st._
ANDRE'S -.office. 317 Stockton st. — Foreman
for cracker bakery In Mexico, $100; several
carpenters for plain work, country, $3, $3 50
a day; gardener, small place, $20; choreman
for resort, $20; German dishwashers, $25:
porter for a dining-room, $25; assistant cook
for institution. $30; man to run elevator, $40;
apprentice for laundry, $15; boy to help In
Earden, etc.
A — YOUNG man for a private family to do
general work In" city. $25 and found;, refer-
ences necessary. MISS PLUNKETT. 423
Suttcr st., near Powell. x
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12—
Cook. $75; eecond cook, $50, same hotel.
¦ A YOUNG man living with parents, ahout 1<">
years of age, accurate at figures, rapid legi-
ble handwriting, and good address, can se-
cure position in large wholesale house; refer-
ences. . Box 4265, Call office.
WANTED — A sober, reliable young man to
drive city soda water wagon; an established,
rottte: must furnish references. • Box 4037,
Call -offlce.
.WANTED — A reliable young man of good ap-
pearance as floor walker: must have a thor-
ough knowledge of dressing cloak windows.
M. SIM1NOFF. .122.9 Market St.
WANTED — Neat boys for errands and wrap-
pers. Apply superintendent's office, THE
EMPORIUM. ¦¦¦.-'
ERRAND-BOY wanted: not under 14 years.
Call at Phelan building, 80G Market st.,
rooms 1-2-3.
BOY about 16 to work in grocery store. $6
week to start; must have wheel. 403 B
st.. Oakland.
A MAN of Indomitable energy and pu«h. a
good talker, eager to make money. K. PER-
SON, 477 and 478 Parrott bldg.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 pair; foot-form
shoeR at $2 50; we pay express charges. 11
Third st.. Examiner bid.; catalogue sent free.
• BARBEli shop; old-established corner: Ellis
and Webster sts. ; for rent; fully furnished;
- $2."> a month. • «¦
FOR sale— 3 chair barber shop. 305 Clement
street. >.
BOX brand/ engraver: state experience an.l
wages wanted. Reply to box 4266. Call office.
WANTED— A few first-class machinists: steady
work; young men preferred. Box 4055, Call.
WANTED— -A. steady German: tend bar. useful
s generally;, business house. 15 City Hall sq.
STRONG boy wanted; chance to learn good
trade. E. H. LEVY. 513 Market »t. . : .
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 pair;
• -foot-form shoes at $2 DO; we pay. express or
mall charces/ 11 Third st.. Examiner bldg.
WANTED— Boys ; to deliver telegrams; wages
$35 to $40 month. Apply 300 Montgomery st.
WAITER. $30 . and a dishwasher. $30. 501
Twentieth st. near " Union Iron Works.
WANTED — A good block butcher. Apply 3318
' -Mission .st. ¦• - ¦*-¦
AN elderly man 'to care for 2 horses. Apply
1 110. Tenth at^ : 9-11 a.m.
DISHWASHER wanted at 108 Hayes^st.
.YOUNG man with' requisite ' experience and
.ability as salesman to take charge of tea de-
partment/ Box 4932. .Call. ,
WANTED— Men to canvass on, premium
books; : salary . and commission. - 1521 Mls-
. slon st. " 1 ¦:.-._ ¦
The ladies, God bless 'em, are as nice as they look.
And whenever they ; meet talk of play or of book.
Or The Daily Call's news, or will tell of some ad
That has helped some poor chap, made some woman's heart glad.
Then we are glad too, for, pleasing the matrons.
They willsaread It abroad, which brings us more patrons.
"We make friends every day, for our ads always pay-
No one who has tried them to this statement sa'ys'nay.
/ SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
" until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
*^ BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery street,
• corner Clay; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m.
C33 McAllister etrcet; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
. CIS Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1141 Misfion street; open until 10 p. m.
22fil Market 6treet, corner Sixteenth; cpen
cntil 9 p. mi.
• ' 100 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
l<t»6 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until fl p. m.
2200 Fillmore street : open until t> p. m.
MEETIXG NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodfre No. I. F. and A. »
M. will meet THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING July .ft. at 7:30 o'clock. /Va
Second degree. By order of the
Master. FRANKLIN H, DAY. Sec
FIDELITY Lodge NoT"l20. F. and A. CJ
K.— Sped*] meeting THIS <THURb- *jQr
PAY) i:\ENING at 7 o'clock. Third /TT\
degr-e Master Masons cordially -in-
•^FwH-i'al me?ti'np THIS fTHOBSDATJ XX
EVENING, at 7::>O o'clock. Third de- /V\
rrte Master Masons are cordially in-
v.ted. Sec.
ETARR KING Lodge No. 344. F and ,S-
•AM 317 DevitalerD st.— Second de- jQT
gree THIS EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. /^T\
Mart- r Jtasons cordially invited. By >
order cf the W M. A. A. Anderson. Sec
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, K. of P-7^?|L .
VTll mefeV THIS (THURSDAY |
EVENING ct S o'clock in Pythian /jegX
Castle. Market street. The Hon. Jgi**^.
David C. Clark of Santa Cruz, the Krand
prelate, will be the guest of the lodge. Mem-
ber* are reouested to attend.
Der* are res ARTHUR Q DAVIS> c . c .
R. N. McLENNAN. K. cf R. and S.
THE officers and members of Damon ,"i5£.
Lodge No. 2.- K. of P.. are notified to
assemble at their Castle Hall on TyK^l
THURSDAY. July 30, at 12 m.. to JggC
»tt»nd the funeral of our late brother. H. P.
. EiJlTH. Per order F. J. LEWIS.
J. H. DAMON. K. of R, and S.
RHBKL Cork Benevolent Association — > V&
Will hold its seventeenth annual pic- V^vN v |
. r.ic in Shell Mound Park. Berkeley, on Jfe;V*
-. gl'NDAY. August 2, 1303. Numerous CCY^v
p«te and game prizes. A Domestic *«rS£fc
tewing-mscKine will lie given for a first gate
. prize, now on exhibition at 1021 Market st.
A first-claes union band will be in attend-
ance. Boats leave every half-hour for the
park: Buy your tickets for Shell Mound.
Don't forget the date, as this is the picnic of
the eeason — Sunday. August 2.
P. DEASY. Chairman.
J. CRONIN. Secretary-
ANNUAL Meeting — The Rlsdon Iron and Lo-
ouir.otive W-rks — The annual meeting of the !
. ftockholfiers of the Risdcn Iron and Loco-
tnotive Works, for the election of trustees
Jcr th«- ensuing year and the transaction of
' ruch other business as may be brought be-
• fore the meeting, will be held at the office
cf the coT.pacy. No. 288 Steuart street. San
Francisco, on MONDAY, the 3d flay of Au-
evst, 1503. at 11 o'clock a. in. - «
AUGUSTUS TATLOR. Secretary.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
'. ¦ 1<! -rages, m Trrartxr. Tor rnntMng. SI per year.
AGENTS WASTED.
AGENTS — A new money-maker. F. PERSON,
; 477 and 476 Parrott tldg.
A.GEXTTS AI7D SOX.XCXTOBS WANTED.
WANTED — Good agents In every city and
town in the United states to sell diamonds
on installments; Tontine plan; known as
Tontine diamond coctrarts; men to ooen up
rew territory as msr-asrers In different parts
cf the countrj"; contracts run 52 weeks at
fl 25 per week; total paid. $65 for a 1- carat
clear white diamond, or $100 In gold coin in
I'.cu thereof; investment pays Ui per cent
profit; agents, here is a contract that will
fell and one that you can Eet paid for pell-
lng. Adflret-y hoi K02. Ca!l offlce. Oakland.
AfjTKOLOGY. ¦
A urology taupht. hcrcseopes cast. Prof. Ray-
mond. bc«kst:re. «i43 Ell:s. By mall if ceilrej.
ATTORXEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE Fr.UE— ALL LEGAL MA1TERS.
DIVORCE AND PP.OBATE CASKS.
No pcy in advance — No charge without
Kuccesc; estates, attachments, iama*;^s.
R. C. ADAMS. •
Room 316. third floor, Exaiilner building.
ROBT. V.-. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner Md..
rm. Cll; all caees, damages, estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc.; cor.su Uatlcu
free; no ad vane* charges; call cr write;
even-ngs by appointment. Tel H«»d VMi\.
PP.OMPT attention to all 'Cases; divorce, estates.
collections: r.o fees unless successful; call or
write: eves. Tue*. snd Fri.; est. 15 yrs. ED-
WARD ACKLEY. 927 Market; tel Jessie 1530.
AIjVICE Jree — 1 will advance cost In meritorl-
cut cases, divorces, probate and all other law
cases: r.o Jeep in advance; open every even-
ir.g. J. M. THURSTON. 619 Market ft., r. 31.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty :quick.quiel;
no cha-c without Eucceee; established 15 yrs.
G W. HOWE. 1122 Market ft., opp. Hale's.
L. P. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 M&r-
kct *t.; consultation free; no tees in advance.
AITKL'N & AITKEN. attorneys, rs. 309-10-11
C.unie b';d*r., r.03 California et. ; tel. Main 727.
WICK MATTHEWS, attorney at law, C52 Mar-
ket ft., room 23; lecal advice; tank reft.
DIRDS. DOGS. ETC.
XOVXO taikir.g parrot*. $5 each ;German singing
oarariet. 5^: we will try to i>leaBe :-ou;every-
thlng in <-.ur Mre at right prices. 1540 Market,
IlOAKDIItG FOR CKILUkKN.
GERMAN M-orcan wants 1 or 2 children to
beard; rcf. civen. 612 Treat ave., nr. 19th.
BUSIXESS CHANCES.
' g^?KE^ilONHY^BIG~DI VIDENDS ~~""-~~~'™"
IX
CATTLE RAISING. .
We will take your cattle and raise them
for * chare of the profits, guaranteeing you
* certain increase.
If you Invert yotsr meney with us will guaran-
tee ycu a £xed Income, secured by the best
cf collateral. ' "~
Back references. Al management.
CALIFORNIA CATTLE AND LAND CO..
651-661 Hayward bldff.
$750"
Restaurant and bakery located In best pay-
ing district in the city; doing a thriving busi-
ness: »«-ats t£>; receipts average $40 daily; rent
r^aecnable; owner ha? other business and
must gfll. 11. W. WILFORD. 3 Taylor st.
"WANT to tell your business?"
See H. W. WILFORD.
BuELnecs Agent,
3 Tavlor St., corner Golden Gate ave.
FOR sale — Good wholesale and retail feed,
grain, hay ar.d seed business in county seat;
4<X>'» population: other business cause of sale.
AdrtreFF box 4C13. Call offlce.
WANTED — By experienced man with $35,000.
a partner with similar capital: object, fur-
niture credit burin***: state full particulars
Address box 4<;14. Call office.
OYSTER and chop house for sale. 1C0 Fifth
HALF interest tea and coffee business, crock-
ery, etc: good store trade and routes; about
?i.'.00. WHITTLE. 131 San Pabla ave., Oak-
land.
AN anchor diemond brooch and bracelet to be
sold richt away; cheap; no dealers. Box
4»r.Q. Call.
FINE machine and pattern shop for sale cheap.
I'"x iUtr,. Call.
JSOoy — Large saloon; cxceptfonaOy low rent:
cor.: clore in: owner rick. Motisman,850 Mkt.
FOR rale — Ovpartnerthlp In cabinet manufac-
turing establishment: good opp. 4240,' Call. •
$1.V»— COFFEE. Ice cream and chop house;
M«r:n Co.; clears $100; rent $15. 20 Hayes.
OUTSIDE route No. 4 thin paper for sale.
Inquire hardware etore. 19th and Folsoin sts,
Hslrfir«?S£ir.g p*rlorE;cheap:value in sight;?ood
location: retiring. 1153 Market, bet. 7tb-8th.
Bf SIXESS CIIAXCES WAXTED.
WANTED— Hats, clothing, shoes, general
merchandise; $12,000 up. MosEman, 850 Mrkt,
COLLECTIOX OFFICES. ~~
ADVICE free; bad tenants ejected speedily. CO-
LUMBIAN LAW AGCY.. r. S5. 916 Market;
tel. Red CIS;, collections; gen'l law business.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooma 9-10; tel. 55S0.
CHIROPODISTS.
DITNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE. 60 Geary— All
alloests cf the feet cured; corns, bun ions, etc.
1' *" Ss= ¦extended W,- 100 E if extended S. N 64:2.
NE 35:2. NE 113. NE 318:3. SW 54:7. SB
11Jl :2%, W 405, portion San Miguel Rancho;
$10.
Kmesto Careggio to Lulgl Miceo. lot on S
line of Cortland avenue. 110:2^ W of And
over street. W 25 by S 112:6. lot 14, block ».
Fair's Subdivision Holly Park; $1000.
Louis L. and - Marie Bondeli tn Thomas
Levis. lot on N line of- Lizzie street. 106:3 E
of Mission and distant 122:0 E of San Jose
avenue as formerly existed. E 27:3 by N 70;
$10.
Savings and Loan Society to William C.
Hamerton. lot on W corner of California ave
nue and Godens street. 8W 60 by W 60, lots
19 to 21, Preclta Valley, also lots .174 to 377.
Godens gift map 1 ; gift.
William T. Hamilton to Lena M. and LeoU
E. Hamilton, lot in Lone Mountain Cemetery;
$1500.
S. Ducas Company (corporation) to Abe and
Charlie Rosensteln. lot on SW line of Twenty
first street. 75 NW of J NW 75 by SW 100.
lot 2, block 423, South San Franciso Home
stead; $10. ¦ ,
Abe ; and Charlie Rosenstein to S. Ducas
Company (corporation), lot on NE line of San ,
Bruno avenue. 244:5% S of Paul street. SB
30:6%;- E 04:5U, N 2.".. W112. lot 3. block 7,
Garden Tract HomesteaJ Association: S10.
ALAMEDA. July 29.— Regular services
will be resumed in the First Unitarian
Church next Sunday after tho summer
vacation. Principal F. T. Moore of th«
Mastlck school has accepted the superin
tentiency of the Sunday school. As for
merly the musical programme will be ar
ranged and directed by Miss/Elizabeth
Westgate.
Unitarian Church to Reopen.
BERKELEY, July 29.— The recently or
ganized Young Men's Christian Associa
tion elected officers at a meeting last
night in the First Baptist Church, the
following being chosen: . Secretary, H.
C. Parkinson; treasurer, William H. .Po
pert; directors, J. C. Ford, S.",D. Water
man,-F. S. Page, the Rev. C. K. Jenness,
J. L. Barker, Leo Rogers and W. H.
Waste. The election of a president was
deferred until another time.
Berkeley Y. M. C. A. Organizes.
OAKLAND, July 29.— Raising the as
sessment of the Oakland Gas, Light and
Heat Company has brought forth a pro
test from the corporation and it has filed
a petition to have its assessment reduced
by $610,000. The assessment has increased
from $1,500,000 to $2,000,000. It bases its
petition on the ground that its franchise
for laying pipes' and the erection of poles
is worth nothing, whereas they are as
sessed at $330,000.
Values Franchise Lightly.
: Frederick H. ; and Agnes Qualman to . James I
F Cheesawrlght. lot : on N line • of ¦ A street, •
107:6 W. of, Sixth' avenue, -W 25 by N 100; $10.
¦¦/ Alexander Jarvle to Samuel A. Bishop, lot
on" E . line of .Thirteenth avenue/ '100 S of L
street, 8 25 by E 120; $10. - *»
Emily F.^u Pope- -to: Spring Valley Water
Workt kit on S Una of UJ«ht»«ruti .troat It
WEDNESDAY. JULY 29.
William 6. Hughes to Thomas R. Curtis, lot
on SE corner of Point Lobos and Parker ave
nues, E 31:4% by S 125; $10.
Michael G. and Catherine A: Buckley to Nor
ton *Land > Company, lots on N line of Hayes
street, 197:0 W of Cough. W 23 by N 120; $10.
John W. Rourke to Mary A. Rourke, lot on
N line of Pine, street, 91:8 E of Laguna, E
22:11 by N 147:6: gift. *
Anna Olquist to Anna Johnson, lot on S line
of Greenwich street, 107 :tt E of Fillmore, E SO
by 8 120; $10.- -
Annie Cunningham to Katherlne
lot on N line of Geary street, 10S W of Fill
more, W 27 by N 75; $10.
Franklin and Agnea B. Heywood to Harriet
G. Hunt (wife of Clarence M.), re-record 204 D.
24« of lot on N Une'of Hayes street, 107 E or
Baker, E 27:4% by N 100; $10.
Dora Sachs to Carl V. Sachs, lot on E line of
Baker street; 52:8>4 S of Jackson. S 25 by K
100; gift. -- , /
Glty and county, of- San Francisco to Ka
tlnka Rohrer. lot on E line of Lyon street, 107
N of Sutter. N.30 by E 110; .
Alice G. and Benjamin Wood to John H.
Meredith, lot on NW corner of Point Lobos ave
nue and Wood street, W 29:0 by N 90:8; $10.
Mary and Henry T. Bray to Eliza Powers,
lo't on S line of Clinton street, 230 E of Do
lores. E 22:0 by 8 70; $10.
. Catherine Murphy to Frank S. Mulhaupt. lot
on E line of Church street, 26 N of Twenty
seeend. N 26 by E 125; ?10.
Hibernla. Savings and Loan Society to John
M. Manning, lot on E line of Noe street, 67 N
of Twentieth. N 28:6 by E 103; also lot on N
line of Twenty-eeventh street. 240 W of Dia
mond; W 80 by N 114: $1105. ¦
Catherine Baun to Gregory P. Courtney, lot
on SW corner of Eighteenth and -- Hartforti
streets and 230 E of Castro, W 25 by S 75: gift.
'George J. end Grace D. Fetzer to Kate A.
Pehalleh (wife of J. A.), lot on E line ot
Church ttreef 101:0 S of Valley, S 25 by E
100: $10. ¦ .
.Thomas P..D. Gray to Jeannette Mains, lot
on E line of Tay street, 03:6 S of Clay, S 20 by
E 5H 1 $10. '¦":. '•¦"»'- I
Max Goldberg to Garret M. and Reuben L.
Goldberg, lot on N line of /Vailejo fctreet. 125
E of Leavenwprth. E 25 by N 137:0; gift.
George H. and Lauthie A. Luke to John F.
and Elisabeth A. Wood, lot on E line of Ver
mont street, 100 N of Twenty-flfth (Yolo), N
25 by E 100; $10.
E R. and Bella Lillenthal to Geoigina Mac- I
Klllop (wife of Archibald), tot on K line of!
Sixth avenue. 309 N of Lake stre-t, N 32, E ¦
138 SW 32. W 131:4%: $10. . ' '
.WUHmm J. and Emma C. Gunn Up William I
A. Griffin.' lot on : W. line of Sixth avenue. 325 .
N of- Lake street. N 25 by W- 120: $10. .
Felix and'Delflna Marcuse to Frank K. Gran- (
nis ¦ lot on - 8 « line ¦ of :. Lake street, 90 »£ of ;
Fourth avenue, B 30 by S 100; $10. V». r
Frank R. and Sophie Grannis to Felix Mar- I
cuse. lot on SW • corner of Lake street ¦ and
Sixth avenue 1 8 60 by W 115; $10.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
OAKLAND, July 29.— Ma^or Olney has
denied the request of Manager K. J. Ellis
of the telephone' company for the restora
tion of a police guard over telephone com
pany workmen. The Mayor this after
noon, having conferred with Manager
Ellis and Secretary Ed Davis' of the
striking Linemen's Union, said that so
long as no acts of violence were com
mitted, no police would be furnished. The
company has men at work who are not
under guard.
Police Guard Not Restored.
OAKLAND. July 29.— James Bell, a nur
seryman of Berkeley, instituted suit
against his wife Alice to-day to quiet
title to a piece of property on Dwight
way, which he desires to •all. The Bells
are unhappily married and she has told
him that before she signs the deed he
must settle with her. Bell states that
the property was his before he married
and wishes to have the court set it aside
as his individual property rather than
make a bargain with his wife for her
signature to the deed. The land is valued
at a few thousand dollars.
Signature Comes High.
ALAMEDA, July 29.— Owing to the fact
that the Unitarian Club will hold its own
ing programme of the fall season next
Wednesday night the mass meeting of
property owners called for that time has
been postponed until "Wednesday night,
August 12. Many of those who signed
the call for the gathering of property
holders arc members of the Unitarian
Club, among them being W. B. Koll
myer, president of the organization. Al
though it has been understood that the
object of the mass meeting is to form
an improvement association to promote
the interests of Alameda it is ajso ex
pected that the unsettled state of r.ffalrs
here due to the agitation (\t the railroad
franchises will be given attention.
Alameda Realty Holders Do Not
Want to Conflict With Open
ing of Unitarian Club.
POSTPONE MEETING OF'
THE PROPERTY-OWNERS
OAKLAND. July 29.— The Skae vault in
Mountain View Cemetery, where the re
mains of the former wealthy mining
stock man are housed, ie to be replaced
by a handsome $25,000 tomb, provision for
which was made In the will of the late
Alice Skae, widow of deceased.
Skae died some years ago in San Fran
cisco. His body and those of his two
children were brought to Mountain View
Cemetery. His widow made her home in
the East after his death, but made several
trips to this coast to visit their grave.
Last Fourth of July she- committed sui
cide in a hotel in New York city. In her
will she left $25,000 for the erection of a
magnificent tomb, plans for the erection
of which are now being completed.
The Erection of a $25,000 Tomb Is
Begun in Mountain View
Cemetery.
SKAE'S BEMAINS TO
LIE IN A MAUSOLEUM
Dies Suddenly on Doorstep.
The dead body of Edward V. Pool© was
found on the steps cf 737 Howard street
at 5:43 o'clock yesterday morning. De
ceased had a slight scalp wound on the
back of his head, but an autopsy per
formed by Acting Autopsy Surgeon Gian
nini showed that Poole's death w%« due
to heart disease.
OAKLAND. July 20. — Justice of tie Peaca
George Samuels has started on a hunt for
quarters at the City Hall la which to establish
a second Police Court. The newly appointed
Justice has his eye on the Council chamber as
a suitable courtroom. Ke arsues that tha
apartment Is not used by the municipal legis
lators during the daytime, except on rare occa
sions, and that the room could readily be con
verted Into a suitable place for the dispensing
of Justice. As soon u the question of quar
ters is settled Judge Samuela purposes to open
court. Provision for a clerk and the necessary
paraphernalia la authorized under the act of
Legislature, which provides for two Polico
Courts in cities of Oakland's population.
New Justice Thinks the City Council
Chamber Would Be an Avail
able Apartment.
JUDGE SAMTJEXS SEEKS
QT7ABTEBS FOB COTJBT
OAKLAND. July ».-City Enginer F. C.
Turner has made a closely approximated
measurement of the miles of track in tlys
city of Oakland that are owned by the
Southern Pacific Company, the total be
ing sixty-eight and a half miles. This in
cludes the following: First-street line, 1J.7
miles; overland line along bay shore. 7.6
miles; West Oakland yards. 32.7 miles;
Seventh-street local, 8.2 miles; Webster
street local, 2 miles; Berkeley local, 3.5
miles.
Single track switches, spurs and sidings
arc calculated in the measurements.
The n-Dort has bi-en filed, under in
structions, with the Board of Public
Works, and will be forwarded to the State
Board of Equalization, which, in the past,
has credited Oakland with only eighteen
miles of Southern Pacific trackage. *
City Engineer Turner Benders Re
port on the Southern Pacific
Trackage in Oakland.
FINDS MANY MHES OF
r^ BAILROAD TJNASSESSED
BERKELEY, July 23.— The report that
President Eliot of Harvard University
contemplates resigning within a year has
again s«t afloat a rumor that President
Wheeler of the University of California
may be selected by the board of over
seers for the vacancy should it occur. As
President Eliot has not resigned and has
made no definite statement as to his
intentions it is not likely that President
Wheeler has been thought of in connec
tion with the presidency of Harvard. Be
sides.- President Wheeler in private cor
respondence to friends in California has
said that he has never had any Intention
of resigning the presidency of the Uni
venlty of California to take a diplomatic
post or any other . position. He declares
that he wants to carry on the work he
has inaugurated here and will not with
draw to take an office that offers only
temporary honors.
Tells Friends That He Has No Inten
tion of Taking Diplomatic
or Any Other Post.
OAKLAND. July 29.— The fund for the
aid of worn-out preachers of the First
Methodist Church of this city was aug
mented to-day by the bequest of $100 left
it in the will of the late Eliza D. Atwill,
which was filed for probate to-day. The
estate Is valued at between $13,000 and
130.000 and consists of $10,000 cash in bank,
sugar, gas stock and jewelry. A legacy
of (3000 Is left Eliza D. Keith, a grand
child and one of $2000 to Augusta A.
Bloomer, another grandchild and the resi
due of the estate Is divided equally be
tween Mary J. Plnkerton. Sarah A. Keith
and Emaltne A. Bloomer, her three
daughters.
Petition for the probate of the will of
Henry H. Lawrence was filed to-day.
The estate is valued at $3000 and consists
of a piece of property situated at Adams
street and Eleventh avenue and a lot of
land at Santa Monica. The entire estate
goes to Sarah A. Lawrence, widow of the
deceased, who lives at 562 East Four
teenth street.
Mrs. Eliza- D. At will Remembers
Fund for Worn-Out Divines
of First M. E. Church.
LEAVES A BEQUEST
FOB OLD PREACHERS
PBESIDENT WHEBLEB
WILL NOT RESIGN"
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 30, 1 903.
13
nEXI. ESTATE--CITY--FOR 8AL1 P.-
JUST eold. one 6-room cottage; only one 5-
room ccttare left; now Is your chance to se-
cure the new 5-room cottage at 825 Alvarado
st.. near Douglass, and near the new Noe
Valley schoolhouse. with a small payment
down, balance In monthly Installments same
as rent; don't delay. JACOB 1IEYMAN
CO.. 117 Sutter *t. j
$4500— 10-ROOM house. Mission. mnM n
House for Investment ;5iXA
New. modern home f«600
Klegant home, furnished, near Glen
Park 16000
Other bargains eee
MOSSMAN. 850 Market gt.
$1500— PAYMENT on 2 new flat* at 3435 Mis-
sion et-; will pay 20 per cent on Investment:
2 new flat* on Army *t., near Mission, and
many others that will pay bis interest. D.
COFFIN A CO.. 3503 Mission st.
THE BUILDING CONSTP.UCfTION COM-
PANY. r.11-512 Callaghan building, will buy
you a lot and build you a house: small cash
payment; ?S per month pays principal and
Interest on each $1000 of balance due.
WHOLE block of houses Just started near the
Park on Cart, Cole.Shrader * Parnassus ove.;
plans, terms, prices to eutt; apply premise*.
JAMES ROUNTREE & CO.. 137 Carl St.
FOR sale— At a bargain. 2 flats In excellent
condition In choice part of city: no trifler*.
Inquire 641 Baker ft.
NEAT cottage. 4 rooms, modern ¦Improvements:
terms same as rent. Apply owner, lumber
yard. SE. cor. Alabama and Montcalm st*.
NEW houses and flats on Second ave. and C
rt. for sale on easy payments: one block to
McAllister cars: prices to suit you: open.
FOR sale— House 8 rms.: high basement; sunny
fide 19th. bet. Valencia & Mission; no reas.
offer refused. Stephens & Co.. 221 Powell.
A sacrifice — 2 artistic hou?es. 7 rooms and bath, i
InglerMe. lot 50x100. Call 51-53 McAllister Bt.
REAL ESTATE Country— For Sale.
ALFALFA lands', stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logue sent free. C. M. WOOSTEIt CO.. 648
Market «t.
Sl'BCRBAX REAL ESTATE.
ilXrs~^nd~inforrriatJon of San .Rafael. Ross
and Mill valleys and Marin County of
CROKER & CO.. real estate agents, 137
Montgomery ft. __j
HEAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
RKAlTeytate exchange a fpecialty; free printed
llFt. Pacific Coast Exchange Bureau, S50
Market Ft.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
JUST WHAT YOU ARE LOOKING FOR!
A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
Surrounded by flowers and fruit trees; near
train and schools; only $2S50; lot 75x125.
Nice 5-room cottage and bath.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
Tel. Grand 1461. 1500 Park «t.. Alameda-
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
f2000— « ROOMS and bath; lot 60x120; street
work dene; modern plumbing; 1 block
from proposed car line.
$300 — Lets half b!o.ck from Grove-st. car line,
J550O— New 8-room and bath; Hill-gass Tract;
lot 52:6x159; thl* Is a beautiful home and
in best residence district of Berkeley.
$2C50— 7 rooms and bath, on Channlng way;
Ftreet work done; 3 blocks from station.
(3500 — 7- room house, barn; large lot; on street
car line; exceptional easy terms to re-
rpon;ible party.
$1650 — 6-room house, near College ave.; lot 40x
120.
$1000— Lot 45x125, east side of Fulton «tree.t;
street work done.
$1600—5 rooms and bath; S5xl33; Parker -et.
$1600 — 4-room cottage; lot 50x125.
CHENEY & BERRY.
P. O. Block. Berkeley.
WHAT IS PERFECTION?
This new 7-room houre, with all modern
- improvements. Including frescoed celling!!;
situated on t*^e best street In town; price
$3500; term*, small cash payment, balance
time a* rent.
O. A^ RUDOLPH.
Open Sundays. Lorin.
INVESTIGATE THIS.
3-room cottage, pantry, toilet; city water;
close to car line; rrlce $11CO; terms, small
cash payment, balance same as rent.
O. A. RUDOLPH.
Open Sunday*. . Lorih.
THIS IS ALL RIGHT.
New 6-room cottage, bath, toilet, stationary;
gas fixtures; close to nation and street cars;
price $2500; terms, small cash payment, bal-
ance same ae rent.
O. A. RUDOLPH.
Open Sunday*. . Lorin.
$4000 — 1507 PRINCE «t.. near Santa Fe R. R.;
large 8-room house; high basement; sta-
ble: cow barn; 7 house* for chickens; lot
1G0x135; street work complete; call and
Inspect.
.
W. C. MORAN & CO..
2131 Ebattuck ave., Berkeley.
$1600— HANDSOME, well-built 5-room house;
high basement; nice lot; close to cars; $100
cash balance $15 per month. W. C. MO-
RAN. Lorin station. C C. EMSLIE. Aahby.
Mill Valley Advertisements.
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
LOTS 50x125 at the station on graded streets;
beautiful trees; charming views; prices very
low; only $S to $12 a front foot; terms, 10
per cent cash, balance $10 monthly; will ,
double In value; don't fall to see them; over :
? it lots fold recently; money advanced for
building purposes; send for illustrated book-
let; agent on the ground Sundays.
LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery gt.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$3000 — FORCED sale under mortgage; post-
- ttvely must be sold at once; 10 rooms; lot
* 86x115: eunny frontage; close to school,
churches and local train; Poplar St.; cen-
tral; very desirable neighborhood; cost
present owner over $4100. . -
$3000— Nearly new modern colonial cottage of
6 rooms, high basement, brick foundation,
porcelain bath, sanitary plumbing; all in
fine condition; lot 50x140 (note the sice):
street work all done; stone sidewalk* laid;
open lawn; choice residence location, near
Grove *t.; fine barn, cravel driveway,
garden and a few fruit tree*; must be
sold; owner away; cannot be duplicated at
the price; must be eeen to be appreciated;
term.-»of payment If desired.
$100 down, balance like rent; new colonial
houae of ti rooms and bath; Just com-
pleted; or»-n lawn tn front; 3 feet above
street crude; Merrimac or 2Sth st.. near
Grove.
Send for new printed S-page catalogue.
> GEORGE W. AUSTIN.
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
$2T.O CASH. AND $10 MONTHLY ~~
For 1 acre or 16 lot*, aandy loam soil, covered
with fruit trees, 2 flne spring* on the land,
2 blocks to electric road and across the. street
from a nice public school; away from fogs
•nd harsh wlnde; near a 90-foot boulevard;
an ideal location for a home; a few more
acres may be, had adjoining; some nice home*
surrounding; price In all $500.
$275 cash, $8 CO monthly — New cottage of
4 rooms; bath, pantry, closets, etc.;' modern;
soil and location unsurpassed ; adjoining East
Oakland; let 3,5x138; more land can be had;
price In all, $1250. Call or send for circu-
lar. 455 Seventh St.. oppoel£e Broadway sta-
tion. Oakland. Carriage free. H. Z. JONES
Owner. .
f 1000 — OR will trade for *ultable building lots
cottage. 6 rooms and bath; nice base-
ment; lot 30x100; picture at office; near
car*; local station and East Oakland
manufactories.
$2000— Neat cottage home, 5 room* and bath;
$300 down.
$20 per foot: etreet work all done; cheapest
• lot In Linda Vista; 132 feet In depth;
frontage to suit.
S. M. DODGE & SON.
1160 Broadway.
Also arents for the Realty Syndicate proper-
tie* and 6 per cent Investment certificate*. "
TT^xTmURDOCK. Chronicle bltJg.. San Fran.
c£*co. tor OaXJ.cd. Berkeley or rural homaa.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES
$15 60 drop-head oak. guaranteed: second-hand.
|6 to $13; some nearly new; 60 day i" exchange
agreement: Chicago S.M. Exchange, 933 Mkt.
Et., bet. 6th and 6th; phone South 433; eleva-
ton ¦ branch.^ 285 Geary »t. : phone Main 7S0.
STUTTERING AJVD STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE System School. Van Ness and
Market; positive cure for all. Don't delay.
TYPEWRITERS, AND 'SUPPLIES.
GREAT^BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, S3B .California; telephone Main 2tS«.
A FEW good. typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticular*, L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gomer»- st. --¦*¦¦¦¦:.'
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co., 20M Sansome.
'proposals.
PROPOSALS— Bids wanted--Notlce Is hereby
given that sealed proposals will be received
by the Board of Directors -of the Veterans'
Home of California at room 13. 320 Sansome
«., San Francisco. Cal..' up to 3:30 d. m.
on MONDAY, August 10. 1903. for furnishing
uniform coats, pants and blouses for the Vet-
erans' Home, Napa County. Cal. (R. R. sta-
tion, Yountvllle), for six months, ending De-
cember 31. 1W)3. Preference- will be given to
goods manufactured In this ; State, price.
fitness and quality being equal. - under the
provisions of sec. S247 of the Political Code. '
Each bidder must accompany his bid with a
certified check upon some well-known and re- i
sponsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent of the amount of his bid, payable to
C. Mason Klnne, treasurer, conditioned that
the bidder will enter Into a good and valid
contract upon notlco of acceptance, as re-
quired by law. The board reserves the right
'to reject any or all bids and to order any
quantity over cr under the amount apeclned.
Address John F. Sheehan. secretary of the
Board of Directors of the Veterans' Home of
California, room 13, 320 Sanaome st., San
Francisco. Cai. By order of the Board of
Directors. . JOHN F. 6HEEH AN. S»e.
OFFICE of C. Q. M., Vancouver Barracks,
Wash.. July 22. 1903— Sealed proposals, In
triplicate, will be received here until 11 a.
m.. August 21. 1903. and then opened for the
construction at Vancouver Barracks, Wash.,
of 1] double barrack. 1 guardhouse, 2 gun-
sheds and 2 workshops. For full information,
plans and specifications apply to this office.
U. S. reserves the right to, reject or accept
• any or all proposals or any part thereof. En-
velopes containing proposals ghould be mark-
ed. "Proposals for conFtructlon of buildings
at Vancouver Barracks. Wash.," and addrees-
ed F, H. Hathaway. C. Q. M.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal., July 27, 1003— Sealed
¦propoeals. in triplicate, will be received here
until 11 o'clock, a. m.. August 27, 1903. and
then opened for filling ravine and laying
drain at the Presidio of San Francisco. Cal.
Government reserve? right to reject or ac-
cept any or all bids In whole or In part.
Information furnished on application to J.
McE. HYDE. Deputy Quartermaster General,
Chief Q. M.. Dept. of California.
UNITED STATES Engineer Office, Burke
Bldg., Seattle, Wash., July 25, 11*03— Sealed
' proposals for dredging Grays Harbor and
ChehaMs River, Wash., will be received here
until 12. m., August 25. 1903, and then pub-
licly op«n*>d. Information furnished on appll-
catlon. . JOHN MILLIS. MhJ. Engineers.
MARRIAGE LICEI-GES.
The following marriag? licenses were lfsued
yesterday: • "
l>ee Nelson, 22. Pgden, l.'tah, and May Jen-
son. 22, Ogden. t'tah.
Herman Schrad-r. W>. 221 Thirtieth street,
and Adolh^ld Plschel. :*>. 221 Thirtieth street.
Sydney L. Plant, 2S, city, and May Conun,
19. city.
.Millard F. Klllmiv.e, 41, WO K»arnv ptreet.
and Latilta Stutzenburjr. :«. 29» Hyd» street.
» Albert II. Relnert. 2*5.82.1 O'Farrell street,
and Ethel G. Goddard. Tl. Sit O'Farrell street.
• Paul Rlniarz. 57, i.'11'j Valencia street, and
Caollle Frlede. 4s, 211'£ Valencia street.
Edward J. Kgan, 31. 1600 Golden Gate ave-
nue, and Helen K. Mclnhill. 24; 557 HarrUon.
Ellas Kllineseri, ;$<>, 100 Steuart street, and
Bertha Monsen, 34, 4ffl Phot well street.
John Walker. 25, 221 Ninth street, and Min-
nie Phlllipps. 25. 2fWH)A Howard street. • .
Hugh A. Robertson, 41, Aiamrda, and Char-
lotte Hlgglnp, .'{2. 1 Polk Ftreet. <
Harmon T. Holley, 33. Llvermore. and Kate
O. Black. :tli. city.
George B. tjimpcon, 40. 41*0 Fourteenth street,
and Grace B. Simpson, 2!». Los Angeles.
Demon P. Mahera?, 27, 173 Clementina street,
and Mllla H. Flesoran, 23/8 Harriet street.
Emll Sehlett, 38, 43 Eleventh Ftreet. and
LIda <le Fmet, :>S, 41 Elf%enth utrect.
J. Grant -Slaueh. 37, Orovllli*, and Melissa
M. Welsh. 22, Orovlllf.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices *»nt by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be, handed
In at either of the out Itration offices and be
lndorwd with the name and residence of per-
eons authorized to have the same published.
BOBN.
GOTKLLI— In thle city. July 29, 1003. to the
wife of George James Gotelll, a son.
GRAY— In this city, July 2<». 1003. to the wife
of Walter W. Gray, a eon.
STORMFIELD— In this city. July 2(5. llKK, to
the wlte of Frank Stormfleld, a daughter.
MARRIED.
PARKER— VALENTINE— In this city. July
28. HKKt. by the Rev. F. A. Keast. Lewis L.
I'arker of Paters >n. N. J., and May L. Val-
entlne of San Francisco. •
/ DIED.
Bernasconl, Euphe- Hall, Laura M.
mle Heywood, Franklin
Boyd. John If. Johnson, Catherine
nrandt. Pearl Kendall. S. S.
Brier. Martha A. Levy, Etta
Brown, Fannie K. Llndegren, John
Cheesman. William McLouglin, Edward
Cooper, Jesse Mack. Lawrence
Crossley, John H. Meagher. Thomas •
Dean, James H. Miller, Mrs. Mellrsa
Demartlnl, Mary ¦ Smith, Harian P.
Doolittle, Betsey M. Stark. David W.
Foss, Hazel Trefethen. Ina G.
Glassford. Nancy Wade. Samuel
(loldman. Christian Walsh, Richard
Hall, Henry E. Wltbeck. Bertram W.
BERNASCONI— In' this city, July 20, lOOo.
Kuphemle, beloved daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Charles Bernasconl, aged 4 months and l'J
days.
£7 Interment private.
BOYD— In thl« city, July 2S. 1003. John H.I
beloved husband of Elizabeth Boyd, and
father of David J., J. H. Jr., George and
Elizabeth Boyd. Mrs. George S. McKay. Mrs.
Ella Cook and the late William Boyd. a na-
tive of County Armagh, Ireland, aged 55
years 11 months and 28 days.
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. C30 San Bruno avenue, between Eight-
eenth and Nineteenth streets. Interment Cy-
precs Lawn Cemetery. :
BRANDT— In this city, July 23, 1003, Pearl,
wife of Herman Brandt Jr- of New York
City, and sister of Drs. J. Henry and .Wil-
liam F. and Josephine E. Barbat, a nati\e
of San Francisco. (New York papers please
copy.)
. ,B_T Funeral private.
BRIER— In Oakland, July 29. 1903, Martha
Annette, eldest daughter of Columbus and
Catharine N. Brier, and sister of Rose,
Charles N. and Elizabeth Naylor Brier, a na-
tive of San Francisco.
CyNotlco of funeral hereafter.
BROWN— In thin city. July 2».. 1903. Fannie
K.. beioved wife of Ltmonte Brown, and
¦ daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Henry Klngdou of
. Scales, Cal., a native of California, aged •":.•
years S months and 29 days.
IC7*NDtice of funeral hereafter.
CHEESMAN— 1A this city. July 27, 11*03, Wil-
liam Cr-eeaman, husband of -the late Anas-
tnsla Cheesman, and father of Klenterlo,
James, Thldoro. Kita and Lottie Che omuti
find Mrs. Jennie A. Paris, a native of Peru,
aged 04 years 11 months and 21 days. (Red-
wood City papers please copy.)
C?*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend' the ¦ funeral to-day
(Thursday), "at « o'clock, from the parlor*
of Edward Castagnetto & Co.. 043-45 Vailejo
street, between Montgomery avenue and
Stockton street, thence to the Spanish
Church, where services will be held. - Inter-
ment Holy Croi* Cemetery.
COOPER— In this city,- July 28,* 1003, Jekse
Cooper, a native of England, aged 74 years.
CROSSLEY— In this city, July 29. 1003. John
'Harold, dearly beloved son of John F. and
Agnes Crossley, grandson of Thomas Edgar
and Mrs. T." Crossley, and beloved nephew of
John and' Florence Edgar, a native of San
Franclbco, aged 3 years 11 months and 11
days.
DEAN— In this ' city, July 27, 1903, James
Henry, beloved husband of ( Ellen Dean, a
native of New York, aged 39 year* 9 months
and 25 days. . ••¦¦ ¦'.-" • . , -
• tyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Thursday), at- 10 o'clock, at the
parlors of the Western Addition Funeral
Director*, 1724 \ Devlsadero street, between
Butter and Bush. Interment Laurel Hill
n 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 Hnfiw'ff ijwimif "flilh' ttIJ >W i m ii'tifi
DEMARTINI— In this city. July 27. 1903. Mary
dearly beloved wife of James Demartinl. be-
l loved daughter of Mr. : and ¦ Mrs. L. Franchi;
and beloved sinter of Felicia, Louis, Linda."
Louisa, Guldo and Tlllle Franchi, a native of
B NEAREST THeTciTY ?j|
| OFFICE: 916, MARKET ST f :j|
'F. J. M ona han. President.
"-friONAHAN & CO.,
- <Inc> ~
FUNERAL" DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
2339-2341. Mission at. " Telephone Mission 31.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
e Steamers leave San Fran-
cisco as follows:
For Ketchikan. Juneau.
Skagway. etc.. Alaska— 11 a.
m., July 30, August 4. 0. 14.
19. 24, 29. Change to com-
pany's steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. T«-
coma. Everett, Whatcon* — 11
a. m.. July 3O. August ¦*. ». 14. 19, 24. 23.
Change at Seattle to this company** steamera
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle for Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p. m. August 2. 8, 14. 20, 28; Corona. 1:30 p.
m.. July 30. August 5. 11. 17. 23. 29.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 0 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays, S a. n.
For Loa Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). . Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, Ean Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford
(San Luis Oblspo), Ventura and Hueneme.
- Coos Bay, 9 a, m., July 28. Aurust S. 13.
21, 29.
Ramona. 0 a.' m.. August 1. 9. 17, 25.
For Ensenada. Magdajsna Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia. Guayma* (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or *all-
Inr dates. I *
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel), 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
Freight efflc*. 10 Market street.
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O, R. & N. CO.
* "Columbia" ealls'Aug. 1, 11, 21, 31. "G«orf»
W. Elder" sails July 27. An*. 9, *«. 28. Only
steamship line toPORTLAND. OR., and short
rail line from) TPortland to all points East.
Through ticket* to all points, all rail or steam-
chip anil rail, at LOWEST RATES. Steamer
tickets include berth and meals. Steamer salla
foot of Spear st- at hi. n. r. F. BOOTH.
Gen. Agt. Pa-*. Dept.. 1 Montgomery «t.: C
CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt. Frt. L>ept-, 3 Montrom-
ery »t.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK-SOUTIIAMPTOX-LONDON.
Phlla...Aug. 12. 10 am N. York. Aug. 29. 10am
St.Louts.AuK 1 . 19. 10 am 1 Phila... Sept. 2. 10 am
ATLANTIC TRANSPORT tiit t \
XF.W YORK— LONDON DIRECT.
Men'ra'ee.Aug. 8, 9 amlMln't'ka.Aujr. 22, 5 am
Mesaba..Augr. 15. 9 analMln'p'lls. Aug. 29, 10 am
Only first-class passengers carried.
DOftUNIOrf LINE.
BOSTON— QCEKNSTOWN— LIVERPOOL.
New England... Aug. 6fNew England. ..Sept. 3
Mayflower Aug. 1-iMayflower S«pt in
Commonwealth. Aug. 27jColumbtis Sept. IT
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passage
Southwark Aug. SiKensington Aug. 2»
Canada ..Aug. 22 Dominion Sept. 5
B 09100 Mediterranean d*"* 1
AZORES— GIBRALTAR— NAPLES— GENOA.
Cambroman... ..Sat.. Aug. 8. Sept. 19. Oct. 31
Vancouver.... ..Sat.. Aug. 29. Oct. 10. Nov. 21
HOLLAND-AMERICA LINE. _.
NEW YORK-ROTTERDAM. VIA BOULOGNE.
Sailing Wednesday at 10 a. m.
Statendam Aug. 12|Noordam Aug-. 2fi
Ryndam Aug. 19! Rotterdam Sept. 2
RED STAR LINE.
NEW Y^aT-ANTWKRF— PARIS.
Zeeland..Aug. 8. 10 amiVaderl'd-Ang. 22. 10 am
Finland. Aug. 15.' 10 am(Kroonl'd.Aug.29. 10 am
WHITE STAR LINE.
NEW YORK-QUEEXSTOWN— LIVERPOOL.
Sailing Wednesdays and Fridays.
Teutonic Aug. 5, noon Cedric. . .Aug. 14, 9 am
Arabic... Aug. 7. B pm Majestic. Aug. 19, noon
Germanic. Aug. 12. noon Celtic. . .Aug. 21, 4 pm J
C D. TAYLOR, Passenger Agent. Paclflc Coast.
21 Post St., San Francisco. ;»-'..
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
\ (ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlo_o>.
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkinc with steamers for India, etc. No.
cargo received on board on day of sailing.
8. I. NIPPON MARU.... Friday. July 3L 1908
ll S. AMERICA MARU
Wednesday, August 29, 1903
S. 8. HONGKONO MARU (calling at Ma-
nila) Saturday. September 19. 1903
Via Honolulu. Round-trip ticket* at reduced
rates. For freight and passage, apply at Com-
*""• °' flC V* H. M A^RY^ene^A^r U
ffamburg-Ztmerican.
FOR PLYMOUTH-CHERBOURO-HAMBURO.
Twia-8«»w Eijrsii tad Puseagw Serriej. t
Pretoria Aug. 1 Bluecher Aug. 20
Moltke Aug. 6 Pennsylvania ..Aug. 23
Waldersee Aug. 8 A. Victoria ...Aug. 27
p Slgtsmund...Aug. 13 Patricia .......Aug. 29
HAKBUBS-AMiaxaUf UlfX. 37 B'w» r . 5. T.
HERZOG & CO.. 401 California st. Gen. Agts.
oeeanie$«s«to. s^s
8 S VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
'land and Sydney. Thursday. Aug. 8, 2 p. m.
S S MARIPO9A. for Tahiti. An*. 13. 11 a. m.
8* S ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Afis. 13. 11 a,m
iJ.|?iECS£lSiBIIJ.M.,<|tj..TWit3a8,J431art3ta
fnfeitat2c#.32S lariitSL.Pkrls. 7.?arficlL
C03f?AQ5IZ 6XVXKALX TBAiraATLAlfTIQIIJ
DIRECT LINK TO HAVRE- PARIS. jm»_-.
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42. * **rTft»
North River, foot of Morton street.
First-class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond-class to Havre, $43 and upward. CE.V-
KRAL AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. S3 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York. J. T. FUOAZI & CO.. Paclflc Coa«
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Ticket* sold by all Railroad Ticket Agent*.
Mar* i I-lana tal VaU*Jo Bt*amer».
Steamer GEN. FRISBIB or MONTICELLO—
0:45 m. m., 3:13 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave* Vailejo.
T a. m.. 12:30 noon. 8 p. m.. ex. Sunday, tun-
day, t a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare. 60 cent*." TeL
Main 1508. Pier 2. Mlsalon-st. dock. HATCH
BROS. s •
Weekly CaU,$1.00 per ;Y6ar
MOXZY TO LOAJ>.
AiA-HEKM-'-N MURPHY "
601-<S02-t<03 Examiner building.
Quick eettlementc: -jfo disappointment.
\ . Save expenses by dealing directly.
' Estate*, second mortgages undivided Inter-
efts. aKienmecU of rents, property In trust
etc.; legacies, life estates and undU'lded #o-
tere*t* in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential..
When You Need Money
Pe» HERMAN MURPHY.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
Jowest rate*. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84fl
Market «t.. tel. Mala 1(344. Branch. 1» Third.
MONEY loaned to ca'.arted ptople, retail mer-
chants, teameter*. boarding-house*, without
security: ea«y payments; Unrest business In
<6 principal cities. Tolraan. &33 Parrott bldg.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano :ao removal;
no commission; no publicity: $25 up: quick.
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery st.. r. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE 103 Grant are..
LOANS FROM $1 to $10.000-
AT cut rmlec on real estate, furniture or piano:
bo commission. E. W. LICK. K^ Mutual
Eav. Bk. bid., 708 Market; phone Main 818.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people in their note.
The^TOUELEY CO .143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY to loan on low interest: gold, silver,
diamesds pearls and precious stone* bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth 6t. I
ONE per cent on fu-rlture; $5 a month on each
$1000; any •ecurity. 302 Mor?*gomf ry. room 18.
3% ON larnlture & pianos; $15 up: co removal;
V. TREMAIN, room 61. 6 Eddy st.. floor 4.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 5->J Kearny.
STAB Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
•alaried employes- R- 311. Mutual £av.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned fa'.arled peor-le on notes without
indcrser. MOHRELL. 609 Examiner bid.
MTS1CAL IXSTRL-MEyrS.
V Nl'MUKH of (!'in<i r!«n"s rtturned from
* renters will be fold at greatly reduced prices.
Among tb'***' instruments are several of the
!e<i din* makes. Other V.arcalns:
3 t-hickerinps *1"°- * 1K5 ' 'r 1^
1 Kimbfcll. walnut upright, celluloid keys..*GS
2 Krr.ers-cn *!«>. $21.»
•• Btetmrar *1S5. f?**
4 Hein,: *255 to $."»5
52 wurra *!* t" *J'2
in organs $10 to $•.">
Rent? f2 uj>, allowed on purchaso: install-
ni<»nt»' $4 up; vis no-players from $fK» up; new
i linos from $117 up. HKINE PIANO CO.,
23>-237 Geary ft. : phone Main 5744.
ETEXXWAY upright, left by private party,
tlCS; rrcat bargain. 237 Geary et. •
A FEW' pood upright pianos from $70 up com-
rrlsing Vr*e. Sterling. Jacobsen. Prhwech-
ten. tberwood. We*er. Marshall & Wendell.
Halne.5. Everett. Knahe and others; ea^y
payment*. BENJ. CURTAZ fc SON. 16-20
O'FarreU. X" branches In San Francls-co :
A BAVMEISTER cr Schubert t>\b.tio Is a good
one to buy. You ret full value for every dul-
ler Inverted. Our terms are easy and the
Trices lew. THE ZENO MAUVAIS CO.. 7G»
Market st.
BAND Huiruments; F. Bessm. Taris. maker.
Gus M*iwaid. Ajt. Pac Coast. 27« O'Farreli;
•Wilful rerairlr.g: 2d-hand inytru^iprtg gold.
ZITHERS, music, strings, etc Max Maier.
Teacher cf Zither. 304 A Turk ft.
rEAUTIFUL 3-p«dal Stelnway upright piano;
r*rfe<rt order: sacrifice. Keeffe's.2S5 O'Farrell.
Family sailing for Australia offer* at sacrifice-
handsome Steinaay upright piano. M6 Eddy.
BUY direct from the factory and save per
cent. HORNl'NO. 216 McAllister ft.
KOHLER & CIIASE. 30 O'Farrell Ft.; largest
and oldest piano house. (
FEST renting piano In city for $¦? per month.
PCOTT-CIRTAZ riANO CO.. f>60 Hayeg rt.
BARGAIN- coed uprtght: must be sold at
cnee. PCHM1TZ & CO.. 16 McAllister Et.
f-OHMER Byrru Msuzy pianos. Cecillan piano
¦player. ' BYRON MAfZY. 30*1-312 Tott st.
f UPERIOR violins, zithers. cM and new. II.
MT'LLER. tr.aker. repairer. 2 Latham place.
* OFFICES A.\D STORES TO LET.
EMMA PPRECKELP building, J27 ilarkjt sL—
Office to let; rei.t $15; light. h<?it. janitor anl
tflephene. ASHTON & 3ARDIXER.
6TOBX with large basement: near Keaxny it.
See owner. C36 Clay et.. room 1.
PERSONALS.
WHAT'S IN YOT-R NAME*
A new art: it is bow a fact that th* name
you be*r rulos your fortune and Oestiny;
full <Jf!lrication of your name. $1; send full
name >nd :im, _ n I date o/ birth. KAOA-
LA. box <». Station C. Lps Angeles, Cal.
A— FACIAL BLEMISHES REMOVED.
Wrinkles, yellow and flabby tkin. birthmarks,
rmal'pox pittinge a-nd scars ccientlScally re-
moved without cutting.iiia«£age,electriclty or
tn»dlclne; e»er!al demonstrations this week.
Call or write DR. L. WILLIAMS. 371 Geary.
WANTED— 777 ladies with scalp diseases; loss
• of hair and premature grayness prevented.
? Can treat by mall. Blank for stamp.) Con-
sultation free. 8:3O to C: Sundays, 10 to 12.
Prof. -GEO. A. CARLOW. Specialist, room
218, 097 Market Et."
fclORPHlNE. opium and laudanum habits cured
At home t> a painless home treatment; in-
dorsed and used by leading physicians; corre-
s-pendene* Etrictly confidential; in plaln.sealeJ
*nvtlope; cal] or write to-day. India Drug
Cure. 201 Turk st.; Bruce D. Kiratnls. Mrt.
THE Ftar Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im.
. provaa Its growth :stops falling ;cureis dandruff
fcr.d itching >••..!;¦. no etaln or stickiness;
cleanses 6ca.!p:at drucg-itts'. hairdressers' ;ac-
ce.pt no substitute. Star RemedyCo..3S5Geary.
KOT how cheap, but how good, is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard the sewmp-machine of to-day J.
W. EVANS. agrr.t. 1021 Market st.
PHYPICIAN, 15 years' experience, curia per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave.,
corner Eutter £t. ; fee moderate.
GILBERT DARKLY cf England is requested
to report at the Young Men's Christian Asso-
ciation tMg.. Ean FrancUco; news of im-
portance frcin bcine.
HAG carpels wove to order aad for *ale: also
chenllle-wove rurs. silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Ma.tthewa. 709 Fifth tt.. Oakland.
I/ANCING Tuesday, Thun-day. Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonia, Hall Howard
et.. near Ninth; manacesient Prof. Foster.
AT lets than cort. uncalled for suits, overcoats
end trousers, at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor, 721 Market st. ¦
ELEGANT suits oa easy installments: 50 cents
and vp per week. LEON LEMOS, 1127 Mar- ,
ket «... between Seventh and Eighth. ;
to order on Installments, $1 per week.
Neuhaut & Co., tnerch.tailorg.727-723 Market.
ALL styles h&lrdresslng. 25c; hair roods; man!.
curing 25c. G. LEDERCK, 123 Stockton et.
TAILOR-MAI5K suit $7 60; dress pants $2 «>.
Micflt Clothing Parlor, cor. Bueh and Dupont.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle. Dr.&Mrs.Traverse.llTOMatket
MASQUERADE oostumes. play books, wigs,
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'E Egyptian Heana restores Kray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists.'
Superfluous hair & mo'es removed ¦with elec-
tric needle. Mrs. & MIes F.aton. 1119 Sutter.
VARICOSE vein* and catarrh cured at 'tctne.
Call or write for testimonials. Dr. WILL-
IAMS CO.. 140 Geary rt.. 8. F.
MADAM DEVAH, •clentific palmist and astrolol
rict. Of Oce. i'fi Liebe« bldg.. 129 Post St.; $1
palm readtnr a gpeclalty: open Tuesday eve, '
PAPCRHA.\GI.\G. PAI*'TI.\G. ETC.
BOOMS papered. $3 50 up: tinting, painting.
. Htrt»;ar.n Paint Co.. 319 3d st.; tel. M-i.n 413
PHYSICIANS A.MJ SL'RUISO.VS.
DR. C C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1023 H Market rt.. bet. Sixth and geveath.
P.EMOVED— DR. WONG HIM, aero doctor;
treats all 6!»eases cf the human tody: for
p_*t four years at 115-117 Mason: now lo-
cated at 6C7 Geary «t.. pear Leavecworth.
VR. TONO PO CUT, successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal, herb doctor ; cures all diseases of human
by nse of herb» and teas. 727 Waahlnrtan »t.
BLOOD ckls and re tal disease* « specialty.
DR. BALL. 1037% Market st.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All Cf-
**»*» cured by Chine— herba. ¦ 74d-» Clay »C
STORAGE AJVD WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORlUM^orI£rX~v : a7'^^
ousehold good* stored moved shipped 725-
3B1 Howard st.. near Third; phone Grant 161.
-SZERCE-RODOLPH StoTa"ge & Moving Co. of-
fice Post and Powell gts.; tcl. Prlv. Ex. *571.
CONKLIN'S etorase-Furniture and roerchan-
_diK ,33 Golden Gate ave.; phone East I2«.
L G^ D P' Wwt , R1 ,7 r *« e - advances made; *40
F _ Mission *t.; tel. Howard S>41. f. W. Zehfusa.
*'£ lrlC ~< f ?Z? t ZF» 8nd rureU «r« Moving Com-
_ P«ny. 2J2O Fillmore gt.; phone Jackaon 281.
tf^KINS Van and Rtorare Co 11 M^Hitromerv
OAKLAND ADYERT1SEMENTS.
"?\3 OAKIxAJTP REAL ESTATE.
TAYLOR BROS. * CO. i
REAL "ESTATE AGENTS.
Fire Insurance and Financial Agents. j
Tel. Cedar 35L 1236 Broadway, Oakland.
INVESTMENTS— INCOME PROPERTY.
$4000 — Flat: West st.; renting $504 per annum.
$4000 — Grove st. ; renting $480 per annum.
$5250— Flatb; Alice St.; renting for $U90 per
annum. r
$5500— Flats; Twelfth St.; close tn; Income $600
per annum. , . •_
$6750 — Flats; Telegraph ave. ; Income $670 per,
annum.
$7750 — Flats; Jones st.; Income $1020 per an-
num.
Our books , are open for Inspection on
the above described properties. «
$6500 will buy. one of the choicest pieces of
Broadway " property. 125x125 feet. if
bought before August 1. This property
is cheap at $80 per front foot.
TAYLOR BROS & CO., 1236 Broadway.
$500 CASH and $50 a month buys what might
be termed a mansion; house of 8 rooms;
finished in curly redwood; paneled din-
ing-room with china closets and book-
cases built therein; frescoed and deco-
rated; nickel and open plumbing; *ur- -
rounded by the finest homes In East Oak-
land; near the elegant residence of F. M.
Smith, beautiful Arbor Villa; flne marine
view; lot 50x145; for sale at $3000 less
than, actual cash value; first come first
served.
J. S. MEYERS or GEORGE W. AUSTIN. ,
1003 Broadway, Oakland.
$4250 for a home that would cost $6000 to du-
plicate; lot 50x116; driveway, flowers,
ralnis, fruit trees, summer house— in fact,
an Ideal home; the owner has been com-
pelled to leave Oakland and must sell;
terms only $S0O cash and balance mort-
gage: house of 8 rooms and bath, modern
and almost new; Swiss colonial style of
architecture; first-class neighborhood and
near the business center.
J. S. MEYERS or GEORGE W. AUSTIN,
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAMI FURMTURB FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furnl-
ture. H. Schellhaas. 11th st. cor. atore.Oaklnd
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT Mayflower; cut rates now for summer. 308
3d St.; $5 up; also beautiful rooms $1 week.
CALIFORNIA, 1304— Sunny bay-window room
and kitchen; gas Move; complete; no children.
ELLIS. 4.11 A — .1 nicely furnished sunny rooms
for housekeeping. r
FIFTH, 3.V1 — Furnished housekeeping, 3 rooms,
2 beds, $20; 3, $13 50; also stng'.c. $5 up>
HERBERT (The) — Sunny apartments for
housekeeping; gas ranges; Just newly fur-
nished. 1530 Polk st.
HOWARD. 1003— 2 Funny connecting com-
pletely furnished housekeeping rooms.
JESSIE, 3.1S— Laree funny front room; fur-
nished: housekeeping; g<is range; $12.
MCALLISTER. 5.1S— Nicely furnished sunny
suite; ga* ranee, hot bath, laundry; $11, $14.
MISSION. 1429—2 large rooms, complete for
housekeeping; gas range; $14 per month.
STOCKTON. 12<"m3 — Model house, newly fur-
niRhefl; front hfkpg rooms; phone, gas, bath.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3726, near Dolores — 3 eun^
ny bay-window rooms; furnished complete.
VALENCIA, 822—2 sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms; electric light; gas stove.
A BRA.N'CH office for Call advertisements and
(subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
ROOSIS TO LET— Fora, and llnfnrn.
AA — City Room Renting Agency,
1104 Market gt.. cor. Turk and Market ets..
Rooms 3 and 4. Phone Jessie 4471.
FREE FREE
We locate you free of charge
in Rooms with or without board, s. :
Housekeeping Rooms or Hotels. .
A— HOTEL NETHERLAND — EUROPEAN
PLAN, 18 TURK ST., 4 DOORS FROM
MARKET: 250 OUTSIDE ROOMS; STEAM
HEAT AND TELEPHONE IN EVERY
ROOM; RATES 75c A DAY UP; SPECIAL
RATES BY THE MONTH.
A GENTLEMAN of regular habits can secure
a single room or alcove suite, sunny and
comfortably furnished, with private family,
one block from cable and electric car lines
and 5 minut**' walk from park entrance;
references. Box 4953, Call.
A — BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth — Rooms
25c to $1 per 'light, $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 673 Market st. (or No. 1
Ftfth st.)— Rooms, 2.V\ 50c, $1, $1 00 night;
$1 50 to (10 week; house open all night.
ANTLERS. 415 Turk — 3. 4 and 6 room apart-
ments for hkpg. ; strictly mod. ; elec. elevator.
A LARGE furnished room for 1 or 2 gents;
bath: running water; references. SS3 Post st.
BUCHANAN. 153.1, near Geary— Sunny fur-
nished rooms; $5, $6 monthly; adults.
BURNETT. 1426 Market— (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rooms, suite*, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 21f> — Large sunny front rooms; running
water; housekeeping; also single.
ELLIS. 803— Large, newly furnished; gas,
bath, 'hot and cold water; $10; gt-uts only.
FILLMORE. 1720— Large gunny furnished room
for 1 or 2 gentlemen; bath.
FOLSOM, 1007 V% — Small room In private fam-
lly. suitable for working girl. $4 ytt month.
FOURTH. 225 — Furnished rooms suitable for
two; also single rooms.
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission— Roomfl 50c
to $1 50 night; $2 to $Uweek; reading-room.
HOTEL GRAYSTONE
60 Geary St.: phone Bush SSO.
Centrally located fireproof hotel; elegantly
furnished suites, with baths and singles.
MASON 217 — Neatly furn. rooms; quiet; re-
spectable; board optional. Tel. Howard 2690.
MINNA, 32S, bet. Fourth and Fifth— Newly fur-
[ niehed rooms, cheap; Spanish family. All day.
MINNA, 545 — Sunny front room for gentleman
or light -housekeeping.,
O'FARUELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL, 871 — Newly furn. sunny rms.,
central; quiet: tel.: baths; moderate.
PINE, 1323— Pleasant sunny room; nicely fur-
nished ; 'Writable for gentleman; run. water.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights.
readlrK-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms per night, •("•c to $1 CO; week, $2
to $8; month. $H to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
TO LET — A newly furnished front bay-window
room In new modern flat with use of bath;
15 minutes from Third and Market sts.; north
side of Market; handy to 3 car. lines; must
have references. Box 13, Call office.
TURK. 416. Regtna — Beautiful sunny suites &
single; latest Impts.; lowest rates In the city.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy St., near Market
— 400 single and family rooms: 35o< to' $1
night; $1 75 to $6 week; elevator; electric
lights: reading-room; free bus and baggage.
VAN NESS ave., 619 — Renovated; handsome
sunny furnished suites front rms.; mod. conv.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d St.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 night; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage .»
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st. ' • .
HOOMSAXDBOAnD. _
AMOT. SHE 901 DEVISADERO BT.
Strlctlvflnt-class family hotel; sunny rooms,
suite vr single; billiards; steam heat.
VAN NESS. 1714— Select private boarding-
house; rooms single or en suite; desirable lo-
cation; all conveniences of home. '
OLD Stevenson Mansion, opn. Grace Church,
with annex, SOT California st. — Attractive In-
terior; exceptional table; free billiard-room.
THE JOHNSON] 605 O'Farrell St.— Sunny
suites and single rooms, with board; refs.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE following children have been received at
the San Francisco Nursery for Homeless
Children. 1534 Mission st., since last publica-
tion of same: Albert Halght: naif orphan.
age 7 yean; Martha Siebe. half orphan. 'age
¦ 10 years; Robert Slebe. half orphan tn 8
years: Flora Slt-be. half orphan, age 6 yean.
HARRIET W. MANNING. Secretary.
Ladles! Chlchester's ' English Pennyroyal Pills
are best; safe, reliable :.uk« no other. Send 4o
stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladles,".
In letter by return mall. Ask your druggist.
Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlladelpla. Pa. ¦ '
.- ¦ •_; . ¦; -;- ¦ ¦,. ;
CATARRH." DEAFNESS "'«*^ NOI8E3 In EARS
. positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
xoant free. Dr. Cottlngham, 204 Sutter at. "
Santa Rosa, Cal., aged 19 years and 25 days.
IE7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the . funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, - 609 Filbert street, between Dupont
and Stockton. N. B.— At 10:30 o'clock a re-
• quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repoae of her soul at Sts. Peter and Paurs
Italian Church. Dupont and Filbert atrceta.
Interment New Italian Cemetery.
DOOLITTLE— In this city. July 28. 1003, Bet-
sey M.. relict of the late Ira.R. Doolittle,
and beloved - mother of Mrs.. Elizabeth
. Knowlton and Mamie W. and James H-* Doo-
little, ¦ a native of Maine, aged 76 years 10
months and 16 days.
ETFuneral services to-day (Thursday),
at 10 o'clock, at the parlors of the Hotel bt.
Nicholas. Interment CyDress Lawn Ceme-
tery, by 11:30 o'clock train from Third and
Townsend* streets. •• *•»
FOSS— In . this city. July 29. 1903. Haxei.
youngest and beloved daughter of Frank and
Mary Foss, and ulster of Katherlne, Edwin.
Gertrude, Alice. Frank and Clara Foss, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 1 year and 10
. months. . -¦ ¦
GLASSFORD— In this city. July 29, 1903,
I Nancy, dearly beloved mother of Mrs. Hazel
King and Mrs. Ina Josephl.
KTNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remain*
at the parlors of the H. F. Maass Company.
917 Mission street. \
GOLDMAN— In Grand Isllnd. July 29.. 1903,
Christian-- P.. father of C. J. Goldman, and
grandfather of May Ruggles, Mrs. Fred-
ericks, Mrs. Florence Stelgler "and Leslie
Ruggles. a native of Denmark, aged 72 years
1 month and 15 days.
E7"N0tlce of funeral hereafter.
HALL— At his residence. 641 Blxel street. Lea
Angeles. Henry Eldridge. beloved husband
of Elsie Cosby Hall, a native "of Connecti-
cut, aged 40 years 7 months - and 2 days.
KTServlees and Interment Thursday In Lo«
Angeles.
HALL— In this city. July 28, 1003, Laura May
Hall, beloved daughter of Burton D. and
Mary Hall, a native of , Watsonvllle, Cal.,
aged 7 years. •
IE7Friend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at II o'clock, from ' St. Mary's
Cathedral. Interment -Holy Cross Cemetery,
by carriage. -Remains at the parlors of A.
W. Martin & Co.. 319 O'Farrell «treet.
HEYWOOD— In this city. July 28, 1903. Frank-
lin Heywood, a native of Calais, Me., aged
6tt years.
ItyFuneral services to-day, July 30, 190.1,
' at Howard Presbyterian Church, corner Oik
and Baker streets, it 1 :.10 o'clock. Intei-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
JOHNSON— In Frultvale. July 29/ 1003. Cath-
erine Johnson, beloved daughter of Constan-
tine and Mary Johnson, a native of Califor-
: nia, agfd 2 years and 6 months.
KENDALL— In Moraga Valley, Contra Costa
County, Cal,, July 2fl. 1000, 8. S. Kendall,
husband of th« late Mary Kendall, and
¦ father of Charles S., S. A., T. C. and Fannie
M. Kendall and Mrs. A. D. Williams, a na-
tive of New* Hampshire, aged 8« years 7
i months and 14 days.
LEVY— In this city. July 28, 190.1, Etta, wife
of the late Joseph Levy, and sister of Mrs.
Ada Ellis and Mrs. Nellie Stocks of Seattle,
a native of Oregon, aged 42 years.
C7Frien.<!s are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-day (Thursday),
at 10 o'clock, at her late residence, 1412 Bu-
chanan street.. Interment private in Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
LINDEGREN— In this city, July ZS. 1903.
John Llndegren, a native of Sweden, aged *>!
years.
McLAUGHLIN— In «his city. July 28. J003, Ed-
ward, dearly beloved brother of Michael,
Patrick and John McLaughlin, and uncle of
Swtr M. Franciseus, a native of Sllgo. Ire-
- land, aged (i5 year*.
(?TFrlends and acquaintances are reppect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late re^l-
dfnee, «1R Natoma street, thence to gt. Jo-
eeph'» Cliurch, where a ¦r>I*mn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for- the repofe of his
f-oul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. Pl»as» omit flowers.
K. R, B.^-Brother«: The sorrowful duty de-
volves on me to announce the dpath of
Brother Edward McLaughlln. He died on the
2sth Inst. and will be burled Frldaj\ the 31st
Inst., from his late residence, «1>< Natoma
street, at 8:80 o'clock. Brothers desiring to
attend the funeral will report at K. R. B.
Hall Friday' morning, at 8 o'clock i>harp.
Signed PRESIDENT.
MACK— In this city. July 28. 1003. Lawrence
Mack, beloved husband of Miriam Mack, and
father of Mr*. Samuel Blbo, Mrs. Charles
Schlcelnger, Mrs. Ella Lebe,nbaum, Mrs.'
Abraham Hyman and Solomon L.. Julius J.,
Adolph. Simon and Wilfred L. Mack, a na-
tive of Bavaria, aged S3 years 8 months and
15 day?. ' .
lcyFnend« and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 9:111 o'clock, from his late
residence. 2500 Fillmore street, near Jack-
son. Interment private. Please omit flowers.
MEAGHER— In this city, July 29, 190a,
Thomas,, beloved brother of William J. and
the late John F.'and Michael Meagher, a na-
tive of County Limerick, Ireland, aged b'i
years.
Cy Notice "of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co. ( 7b"7
Mission street, between Third and Fourth.
MILLER— In Providence, R. I., July 8. 1903.
Mrs. Melissa Miller, beloved mother of
Adolphus Mead. Mrs. Alice Tucker and Mrs.
Jennie Holch, In the 75th year of her age.
SMITH— In Guerneville. Cal.. July 27, 1008,
Harian P.. beloved husband of Mary C.
Smith, and father of Frank 11. Smith. Mrs.
George W. Rice and Mrs. Otto F. Schiller,
a native of Maine, aged 66 years 8 months
and 10 days. (Maine papers please copy.)
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday, July 30. 11*03, at 1 o'clock, at the
mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate 'Under-
taking Company, 2475 MUsion street, near
Twenty-first, under the auspices of Damon
Lodge No. 2. K. of P t interment Cypress
Lawn Cenjetery.
STARK— In this city. July 26 t/ 1003. David
Wagner, dearly beloved son of David and
Dr. Bertha Wagner Stark, and loving brother
of Catherln Stark, a native of San Francisco,
aged (i years 8 months and 17 days.' (Toronto,
Canada, and Carson, Nev., papers please
copy.)
C7 Interment took place Monday, July 27,
11HU, at 9. o'clock, from the home of the
parents. ""¦'.'.»> Unicn street.
TREFETHEN— In East Oakland. July 28.
1903, Ina G., beloved wife of Eugene E.
Trefethen, anil daughter of Alfonzo and
Emma Haskins, a native of California, agtU
21 years 7 months and 13 days.
(E?"Fr:ends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this (Thursday)
afternoon, July 30. 190.1. at 2 o'clock, a* the
residence of her mother, 453 East Eleventh
street. East Oakland. Interment private.
WADE — In this city, July 29, 1903, Samuel
Wade, a native of Virginia, aged 73 years.
WALSH— In this city. July 21). 1903. Richard
'Walsh, beloved husband of Margaret Walsh;-
and father ot Mrs. E. F. Campbell and Mrs.
W. Bartlett. a native of County' Carlow, Ire-
land, aared 05 years.
WITBjSCK— In this city, July 29, 1903. at his
. residence, 226 San Carlos avenue, Bertram
William, dearly beloved son of Charles W.
and Mary Wltbeck, . and . brother of Charlie,
Hattie, George, Joseph and Barbara Wit-
beck, a native of San Francisco, aged 12
years 3 months and 13 days.As salt to the system, so Is Bank Stock, pa-
Der to the sight. All dealers sell It. •
HEAVY FOG OX COAST— The Weather Bu
reau reports that, since early Wednesday morn
ing a heavy fog bank has extended the entire
lsncth of the Pacific Coast
The Dorchester Hotel property, situated
on the northeast corner ; of ' Sutler and
Gough streets, has been sold for $115,000.
The ."sellers are A. Aronson J and Louis
MeUger. The purchaser ls not named by
the brokers. The sale was effected
through the agency of Shalnwald. Buck
bee & Co. The lot on which the hotel is
situated is. 70 by 120 feet. ';."• .
Sell Dorchester Hotel Property.
The matter of the petition to appoint
James Smith Jr. of New Jersey as re
ceiver for the Union Iron Works property
in the case of Roland R. Conklin and
others against the "United States Ship
Building Company was to have been ar
gued at 10 o'clock yesterday morning be
fore United States District Judge Beatty,
sitting in the United States Circuit Court,
but was postponed until Friday morning
at 10 o'clock. H. D. Plllsbury, from the
office of E. S.Pillsbury, and Charles S.
Chandler, from the office of Curtis H.
Lindley, made the motion to postpone
and it was granted without argument. *
Shipbuilding Case Postponed.
Without seeing the Diamond Palace
would be like visiting, Europe without see
ing Paris. It is a leading feature of San
Francisco and is conceded to be the most
beautiful Jewelry store ir> the world.
Visitors or purchasers equally welcome.
221 Montgomery st.. bet. Bush and Pine. •
To Visit San Francisco
The treatment, proved successful and
now Pletro, ' though somewhat weak, is
as well as ever he was.
Pletro Rafflno. who was taken from
Stockton last May to the German Hos
pital suffering from lockjaw through in
juries he received to his head and hands
during the last big fire at Stockton, has so
entirely recovered that he will leave the
institution to-morrow. His cure is a re
markable one and will be the subject of
a medical paper. He arrived at the hos
pital on Sunday night. May 31. The fol
lowing day antitoxin was injected in the
muscles of the back. The next day he
was given two more injections. On
Wednesday it was. found that no improve
ment had developed and early in the
morning he was given an injection of anti
toxin in the spinal canal, and again in the
afternoon. The following morning, Thurs
day, the doctors drilled a small hole
through the skull. Inserting a spinal
needle and* injected antitoxin into" the
lateral ventricle.
Antitoxin Cures Lockjaw.
Murine Eye Remedy. A home cure for
Eye troubles.. Never falls to win friends.
Used for infant and adult. Murine don t
smart. Druggists and opticians. . ".
ARRESTED FOR CRUELTY.— Officer A.
Unger of the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Anmalo arrested Mark Wyant ye«
terday and charged him with cruelty to ani
mals. Wyant who lives In the country, sent
his son to the city, driving a crippled horse.
Baines said that Bohannon used to be
employed by the Central Grain and Stock
Exchange and that the letter was noth
ing but an attempt at blackmail. He bad
nothing to fear from Bohannon, as they
were conducting a perfectly straight
business. .
W. E. Baines. 116 Montgomery street,
secured a warrant from Police Judge
Cabanlss yesterday afternoon for the ar
rest of D. E. Bohannon on a charge of
attempting "to extort money by .a threat
ening letter or writing, the wording; of
which did express and imply a threat to
accuse J. A. Walls and the Central Grain
and Stock Exchange, 20 Leldesdorff street,
of crime; to expose and impute to J. A.
Walls, the Central Stock and Grain Ex
change and W. E. Balnts disgrace; to
expose a secret affecting J. A. Walls and
the Central Grain and Stock Exchange
and to expose J. A. Walls and the Cen
tral Grain and Stock Exchange." . "'.y?
The letter, which was delivered per
sonally to the complaining witnes3 on
July 25. was addressed to "Mr. W. E.
"Baines or J. A. Walls, 20 Leldesdorff
street. City, between Pine and Califor
nia" and the contents were as follows:
Please don't entertain this as a Joke/
W E Baines, Central Grain and Stock Ex
change. 20 LeidesdorfC Street. City: I desire
to borrow $2000 cold coin. Please leave that
amount at 31 Noe street with my wife before
« r>. m. (take Haight-street car. get off at
Pierce walk south two or three blocks) this
day otherwise I will consider you will not
allow the loan, and will consider that you re
fuse to entertain such a proposition. Tour
messenger can secure all papers from my wife.
I have lost considerable In speculation and
have many friends In a like position.
If I have this money I can go to the country
for my health. Otherwise I will have to re
main in the city and It may get too hot.
I presume you know all I would say. There
fore I'll not bore you with a lbn* detailed
story. Yours, etc.. . D. E. BOHANNON.
Written Demands of D. E. Bohan
non Impel W. E. Baines to
Swear to Warrant.
CHARGES OF BLACKMAIL
QUICKLY FOLLOW LETTER
This institution will reopen Monday.
August 3. Entrance examinations are now
being held at the office, 213 Grove street.
b- ween 10 and 12 a. m. and 1 and 3 p. m. •
St. Ignatius College.
Charles Brown, until recently clerk of
the White House at Fort Bragg, was ar
rested yesterday at Tiburon, when about
to take the, boat for this city. His ar
rest was made at the Instigation of Frank
Sandleir, proprietor of the White House,
who charges that Brown on Thursday
evening last took $170 from the hotel safe
and several dollars in nickels from the
slot machines and decamped. Curtin's de
tective agency in this city was tele
graphed to arrest the fleeing clerk and an
officer was sent up the road to meet him.
He was found on the train at Santa Rosa
and was followed to the bay terminus of
the California Northwestern road, where
he was placed under arrest and brought
to this side. He confessed the theft of the
money and will be taken back to Fort
Bragg to-day.
Wanted at Fort Bragg on a Charge
of Robbing His Employ
. . er's Safe.
FLEEING HOTEL CLERK
ARRESTED AT TIBURON
Mrs. D. A. Donckel, 27 Laskie street,
notified Policemen Curtln and Arey about
10 o'clock on Tuesday night that Mr. and
Mrs. J. D. Barron. tenants occupying the
basement of her house, had gone to the
theater and had left their baby, 12 months
old, in the place alone. TheLbaby had
been crying all night and she said the
parents for the cast four months had
been doing the same thing almost every
night. The officers found the baby In a
cradle in a darkened room with a black
cat for a companion and the baby was
scantily sheltered from the cold. They
took It to the Central Emergency Hospital
and about midnight the parents caned
and took it away. The California Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children
has been notified. Barron said he was a
painter at Golden Gate Park.
Humane Neighbor Reports - J. D.
Barron and Wife to the Po
lice Department.
The couple were the recipients of many
handsome presents. Silverware, cut glass
and bronzes were sent, from all parts of
the State to them. •
PABENTS ABANDON .BABE
TO CABE OF N BLACK CAT
m * X ls the only 60n of Mrs.
Martha OHara, a wealthy resident of Los
Angeles. The wedding was not to have
been celebrated for two months, but owine
to the presence o f Mrs. O'Hara in this
city and her frail condition it was cele
brated yesterday at her request. Young
OI ]f r . a 1S an ath!ft t«- He Is studying
medicine at Stanford and wih receive his
degree a few months. He is a
member of. the Sigma Alpha Epsilon fra
ternity. . . .<
The bride is a beautiful San Francisco
gin. bhe has displayed great talent in
amateur theatricals and is popular in so
ciety circles. She is a graduate of Sacred
Heart College and Is an accomplished mu
sician. She Is the youngest daughter of
". t . J>iolan.
the bride and groom, and when the young
couple left for their honeymoon they were
showered with rice and old slippers They
departed on the evening train for Del
Monte, where they will etay for a short
time and will then tour the southern part
of the State. Later they will live 4n Los
Angeles.
It has always been Patyjslen's endeavor
to be first— to lead. To-day you will see
the first of the new fall patterns in car
pets an advance shipment having Just
arrived from the mills. Prices are from
23 to 50 per cent below the installment
combine stores. , * •
Carpet Combine Knocked Out.
W. C. Maddox was found in a room on
the fifth floor of the Delmonico, 112 O'Far
rell street, shortly after 11 o'clock yes
terday morning covered with soot. He
we* taken downstairs to the kitchen and
a message was sent to the Central police
fetation. Policeman Donahue was sent to
the restaurant end took Maddox to the
City Prison. He was shoeless, hatless
end coatless. When Donahue searched
the lockets of his trousers he found two
keyb and concluded Maddox was a burg
lar.
T*tecti\-e Coleman was detailed on the
case end learned from Maddox that he
was working in some r .x>oming-house near
the Delmonico and made a mistake in the
place. ? He had tried the front door, but
as it was locked he climbed up the fire
escape to the' roof, intending to get in by
the skylight. He could not open the sky
light and got down to the fifth floor by
the chimney. He was sent to the insane
v.ard of the Central Emergency Hospital.
MAN THOUGHT TO BE CRAZY
CLIMBS DOWN A CHIMNEY
W. <":. Maddox Is Discovered in the
Delmonico Covered With
Soot.
WEDDING beUs rang out last
evening for the nuptials of
Miss Loretta A. Nolan and
Thomas J. O'Hara of Los
Angeles. The ceremony was
performed by Rev. Father McGinty, pas
tor of the Holy Cross Church. The edi
fice was beautifully decorated and was
crowded with relatives and friends of the
young couple.
The bride was handsome in a gown of
white voile de sole. The yoke was em
broidered in orchids 'and studded with
seeded pearls. A bertha of rare old lace
was worn. The skirt and flounce
were shirred and embroidered in orchids
and seeded pearls. She was escorted down
the aisle by her father. P. F. Nolan, the
retired merchant. They were met at the
altar by the groom and Leo Frank No
lan a brother of the bride, who was best
man. Miss Katherine L. Nolan was maid
of honor. Her gown was pale blue broad
cloth, trimmed with lace and taffeta and
elaborately trimmed with tassels of the
same shade. A Persian girdle set oft the
gown. The ushers were students of Stan
ford University and are classmates of the
groom, who is still in college. They were
William A. Innes, Frank F. Merriman,
John Polhemus and Winslow Bcarty.
At the conclusion of the ceremony the
wedding party returned to the Nolan resi
dence, 1428 Golden Gate avenue. The in
terior was a veritable bower. Decorators
had covered the walls and lattice work
with ferns, palms and flowers and the
house was filled with fragrance.
During the repast toasts were given to
"Did you tell all those merchants you
interviewed that you were seeking infor
mation adverse to the Carmen's Union?"
Livernash asked. "Did they say they
were afraid of trades unions?"
"They said so in so many words," re
plied Milllman.
This closed the case for the day. The
cross-examination of Milliman will be re
sumed this morning at 10 o'clock.
"I resent the suggestion that the trade
unions of San ' Francisco would in any
way injure any merchnat who told the
truth," replied Livernash. "I regard any
merchant who gave any Information and
reqHested his name to be withheld as a
coward, and I also think that- the United
Railroads is acting as a «coward in its
present action. You mention. Mr. M111I
man, in your statement, two prominent
shoe dealers. Whom do you regard as
prominent shoe dealers?"
"I advise you not to give this Informa
tion." suggested Attorney Moore to the
witness.
To this Attorney Moore replied that pos
sibly the merchants were afraid of a boy
cott on their stores.
"If you withhold the names of the mer
chants, you ought to withhold your Infor
mation." said Livernash. "You are strik
ing the body I represent In the back. Are
the merchants so cowardly that they
won't disclose tbeir identity V
NAMES WITHHELD,
During the afternoon session, Just be
fore adjournment, Livernash became very
much incensed because' Mllliraan refused
to divulge the names of any of the cloth
ing, boot and shoe and grocery merchants
who had given the information from
which he had based his statement.
what sharp rise in the winter of 1901-1903.
and -that the present prices are substantially
the same for the first five months of 1903 as
the first five months of 1902.
John R. Haake, who until July 4 acted
in the capacity of superintendent of the
German Hospital, has mysteriously dis
appeared from a party of friends camping
in the vicinity of Ukiah. Mendodno
County.
Four days ago Haake told his compan
ions and . r. and Mrs. Arnold Baum
6tigrr, who were his hest and hostess,
that he intended going for a ramble. He
was in his usual good fp.rits and from
the relaxation that he was enjoying on
his vacation was particularly happy. The
days passed, but Haake did not return
and his friends began to speculate as to
the cause of his absence, concluding that
in all probability he had taken a walk to
onr of the adjacent townships and ln
tenfied to remain away for the night.
Although his non-appearance at the camp
the following day caused a good deal of
uneasiness, Haake, it was concluded, be
ing 1 of Herculean proportions, would be a
match for any one who might attempt to
attack him.
A search was made in the vicinity and
for some miles distant and from all di
rections, but there was no tidings of the
missing man. The third day brought no
news to his anxious friends . and tele
gram* were sent on Tuesday to M.
Raschen. a friend of Haake and manager
of the Aachen Munich Fire Insurance
Company, 423 California street. Raschen
made inquiry of the numerous friends of
the missing man and yesterday, as there
wtj no information forthcoming as to his
whereabouts, the greatest fear was ex
pressed as to Haake's safety.
It is firmly believed by Louis Rush of
ST5 Eansome street that Haake has met
xrl'i a serious accident, possibly while
climbing or descending some steep moun
tain, because he is of a somewhat ven
turesome nature and was likely to take
some chance during his exploration of the
country-
Others of his friends believe that Haake
has been -the victim of foul play.
Haake is a member of Doric Lodge of
Masons, the Teutor.ia Vereln, Germania
Club and Odd Fellows.
~f no tidings of him ir* at hand to
day it is the i: entlon of his friends to
prosecute a further and thorough search.
According' to a complaint for damages
and for the recovery of realty and cash,
filed yesterday by Andrew J. Schow
against John D. Morton and H. A. Mas
sey, he Is the victim of a grave conspir
acy by the defendants. He alleges that
he was damaged to the extent of $3000,
and deprived of $300 cash in bank, prom
issory notes worth $200, Building and
Loan stock worth $369 and realty in San
Louis Obispo County valued at $2000.
Schlow says that last May ho answered
an advertisement of J. M. Thurston,
whose right name, he says is John D.
Morton, and as such he sues- him. The
advertisement informed him that lagal
advice was given free. He retained Mor
ton to defend him against a suit for $1980
brought against him by Peter Courneen.
Massey, says Schow, was called into the
case by Morton, and then the conspiracy
was formed. He avers that they inform
ed him that he was in danger of being
prosecuted by his wife for neglecting to
provide -for, his family. They represented
to him, hie says, that such a charge was
a felony, and - advised him to assign to
them his bank account, stock, notes and
realty,' assume a fictitious, name, and go
into hiding until the danger was past.
Schow did as he was told, he alleges,
even going so far as to offer through the
columns of a newspaper a reward of $50
to any person giving information as to
his whereabouts. The offering of the re
ward, says Schow, was also suggested by
the attorneys, for the purpose of adding
to the deception he supposed was being
practiced solely on his wife.
Greatly alarmed, Schow went into hid
ing, remaining so for six weeks, feeling
during- all this time that his property
was being cared for, that he was secure
from the persecutions of his wife, and
that his interests were being defended
against the suit of Courneen. "When he
emerged from his seclusion, he alleges, he
learned that he had been cleverly duped.
He said that he found that Morton arid
Massey had realized on his property, and
settled Courneen's suit by paying him
$10. They pocketed the bulance, he says,
and notwithstanding that he has made
a demand for Its return, he has received
nothing.
Morton is also being sued by Mrs.
Schow. In an action commenced by her
yesterday she alleges that he was em
ployed by her to collect $2175 due her
on property interests assigned to her by
her husband. The full amount, she al
leges, was collected, but she received but
$400, the balance 1 eing retained by the
defendant.
Groceries. — A member of one larze firm vis
ited stated that the highest point reached for
prices of general -groceries was in the early
part of 1001, and that there was a downward
tendency of said prices in 1901 and a some-
Boots and shoes. — Two of the most prom
inent San Francisco shoe dealers were visited.
At one place shoes were exhibited and demon
strated. A first-class union made man's shoe,
all leather, can be purchased for $2 60 per
pair: a woman's shoe for $-: a boy's shoe for
$1 rO; a miss' shoe for $1 75; all warranted
first class in every respect. .Thia dealer in
formed me that the cost of shoes to the con
sumer had not increased; that while the cost
of raw material had increased competition kept
the retail price down and that the price now
is lower, it any change at all, than a year
or 'two ago and very materially lower than
It was five years ago or ten or fifteen, years
ago.
Clothing. — A leading San Francisco clothier,
centrally located, stated to me that he Is
selling the same grades of clothing now at
the prices prevailing a year ago and that
there has been no increase in the price to
the consumer. That while the price of fabrics
had advanced somewhat the competition In
this line regulated the price and permitted
of no advance In the retail prices, the advance
In woolens being absorbed by the manufacturer
and retailer.
In his statement Milllman, after telling
of commutation meal tickets that are sold
for from $2 to $5 and of rooms that- cost
from 75 cents a week to $5 a month, says:
In response to an - inquiry of the United
Railroads of San Francisco I interviewed a
number of leading: merchants of San ! Fran
cisco dealing in groceries, provisions and boots
and shoes. All of the firms mterviewed re
quested that their names be not used, as
they did not wish it to appear that they were
taking sides In a controversy In which they
were not Interested, but were wUliiur to be
quoted impartially as to facts and without pre
judice. •
Following Lucey's statement, H. "W.
Millitnan, an accountant representing
Haskins & Sells, certified accountants of j
New YorK, was called to the stand. Milll
man has been employed for ,three months
gathering statistics in reference to the I
cost of living of carmen here and in other j
cities. His report differs from and abso- j
lutely contradicts the testimony in re
gard to cost of living which was given
earlier in the proceedings by witnesses j
called by E. J. Livernash.
MERCHANTS' STATEMENTS.
The first witness, J. W. Lucey of the j
street car corporation, had compiled flg- i
ures from the statements signed by car
men in reference to their savings and the
increased cost of living. In Lucey's state
ment he aserted that out of the 937 em
ployes responding to the interrogations
supplied by the United Railroad superin
tendents, 378, or 40.3 per cent, reported
having saved money out of their earnings
as carmen. J
The cost of living and carmen's savings
were the points of the evidence given yes
terday at the arbitration proceedings of
the Carmen's Union and the United Rail
roads. Two of the strongest arguments
of counsel for the carmen, namely, that
the cost of living had increased and also
that carmen are unable to save any money
from their present earnings, were refuted
by witnesses called by Attorney Moore on
behalf of the United Railroads.
Claims Morton and Massey
Defrauded Him of All
His Property.
Witness Testifies There Is
No Great Advance in
Cost of Living.
Friends Fear for Safety of
Ex-Superintendent of .
German Hospital*
John R. Haake, Summer
ing Near Ukiah, Dis
appears Suddenly.
Forty Per Cent of Them
Say They Acdumu- !
late Something.
A. J. Schow Makes Seri
ous Charges AgaiDst
Attorneys.
WEDDING BELLS RING OUT
FOR HAPPY YOUNG COUPLE
Miss Loretta A. Nolan and Thomas J. O'Hara
Are United in Marriage in Holy Cross Church
by Reverend Father McGinty, Parish Pastor
MAY BE INJURED
IN THE FOREST
SAYS LAWYERS
DECEIVED HIM
MANY CARMEN
SAVING MONEY
THE S*AN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY,, JULY 30, 1903.
POPULAR YOUNG COUPLE
WHOSE WEDDING WAS A
SOCIETY EVENT.
14
ADVERTISEMENTS.
39 STOCKTON STREET.
Telephone again 5522.
AH economical housewives watch our apo-
dal sales with interest, because It's profit-
able to them.
Thursday, Friday and Saturday
SPECIALS.
CREAMERY BUTTER .... per sq. 40c
Usual quality. Rev. 43c
BASKET FIRED JAPAN TEA. ..Ib 35c
All Janan teas have> advanced. This is
your last chance. Rec 50c.
SNIDER'S CATSUP per bot. 20c
Re*. 23c
ROYANS A LA VATEL-2 cans for 25c
A French sardine with. trufS* and
pickle. Reg. 15c each.
PRESS MATCHES. . . .3 pkgs for IOc
Made by the Diamond Match Company.
Reg. 5c package.
SANTA BARBARA OLIVE OIL
* \' Per bot. 70c and 40c
I>S. 83c and 50c
- Highly recommended by physician*.
CALIFORNIA CREAM CHEESE Ib 15c
A fine California product. ' Reg. 20c.
CONCENTRATED SOUPS. .3 cans 25c
Van Camp'a or Campbell's — a, full assort-
ment. Reg. 10c can.
HOME-MADE ORANGE MARMA-
LADE 2 Jars for 25c
Something: real nice. Reff. 20c Jar.
E. C. BERRY BOURBON.. per bot. 75c
Gal.. §3
For horn© consumption. Heg. $1 and $4.
MARQUETTE RYE per bot. 90c
? R«tr. IL23.
McAllister scotch.. per bot. 90c
Our own Importation. Res. $1.23.
MUSCATEL AND ANGELICA
Per bot. 25« Re». 33a.
Per gal. f 1 Re«. $1.50.
The sweetest of sweet wlnea.
All orders filled promptly and with care.
Fretful babies become calm
and peaceful babies when fed
on Mellin's Food. 4 Mellin's
Food nourishes.
A sample of MtHin's Food costs you nothing
but the asking. Will you not thea ask for
it for your baby's sake ?
MELLIN'S FOOD CO., BOSTON. MASS.
— ¦
Body 80 inches Ion*. 7 Inches deep; lS-Inch
axles long distance; wheels lS-inch: A-srade
sDrines oil tempered: nicely trimmed and fln-
K^-PRICE THIS S49.50
WEEK «J7-T*7«W
Allison, Neff & Co.,
222 MISSION STREET,
San Francisco. Cal.
_ __ . —
CUTLERY
EVERY BLADEMRRANIZD
i — '¦
[¦ii,VBJMB>^*<aSi?W*"MBsy«'WU»JW'»^<T»MT > iij n.nua.n.imj
German Eye Water, a harmless
remedy. !SOc; by mall. t£c. CAU-
rf*s5£TsP TIUN"— The K-nume bears slsn*-
ture of Geo. Mayerle. also trade-
mark — eye with a crown. GEO.
MAYEItLE, German Expert Optician. 1071
Market. San Francisco. Cal. Phon« South KTZ.
i WEEKLY CAT.T,, $1 PEB YR&IL
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
I mm A w f& \ iH fr ySlwfck. 11
THURSDAY— FRIDAY— SATURDAY.
You cannot match them. Nowhere else can you
Ret values euch as these.
GOOD FAMILY FLOUR. 50 LBS.. $1.00.
BEST FLOUR, all brands. 50-lb sk $1.09
Purity, Acme, Crown, Port Costa.
Usually $1.20 and $1.25.
PET CREAM, UNSWEETENED. Be. ~~
KONA COFFEE, genuine ... 2 lbs 35c
Rich flavor Hawaiian coffee. Usually 25c.
GHIRAnDELLI'S CHOCOLATE. 10c LB.
CHIRARDELLIS COCOA ... 25c can 19c
FLY PAPER. 8 SHEETS. 5c.
BEST BUTTER . : . . . large squares 40c
The difference ls In quality— try It.
MASON STOVE PASTE, * CANS. 10c. ~~
JAPAN RICE, large white .... 5 lbs 25c
_. Best quality. Regular 3 lbs.
GINGER ALE, PINTS. DOZ.. 75c.
BENZILENE SOAP..;. 6 large bars 25c
Hot or cold water. Twice value, of Fels Naptha.
45c CAN. 3 LBS. PURE LARD. 35c.T~
60c TEAS, all flavors.-.-.'. .... pound 38c
All new. fragrant full strength teas. 22c saved.
SAPOLIO. 10c CAKES. 6c.
FRENCH SARDINES, In olive oil .can 9c
Choice of brands. Usually 12%c.
DAINTY CHIP. CRACKERS. ' LB.. 18c.
TONIC PORT OR SHERRY .... gal $1.15
Health. builders. Sample at, store; usual $1.50.
PURE COMB HONEY. 2 FOR 25c.
McBRAYER WHISKY. . . . . K gal $1.48
Genuine 6-year-old. Regular $3.50 gallon.
HORSE SHOE WHISKY. 00c BOT.. 55c.
STRAWBERRY JAM.MrsFaber'g, glass 10c
Every berry whole rand ; perfect. Dozen. $1.10.
PORT OR SHERRY./ 40c BOTTLE. 25c.
ZINFANDEL WINE, not claret, .gal 45c
Rich, red wine. 'Regularly 60c. .1- ;
SATURDAY NIGHT ONLY.
LIST. OF 20 BARGAINS AT STORE.
BEST EASTERN HAMS ..... pound 14c
All brands. . 'All sizes. / Elsewhere. 18c.
1001 FILLMORE ST. 119 TAYLOR ST.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
vcisii ll caLIllwllt
without
Furniture, carpets, curtains
& ,
This is the proposition: You want to fur-
nish a home. You haven't enough ready cash
to pay in full when the goods are delivered,
aence you're compelled to buy "on time." Yet
you dislike trading in an out-and-out install-
ment store. How are you going to get the
easy - payment accommodation and still buy
your goods in one of the big first-class stores?
We offer you the way.
, We loan you the money, charging simply
the regular banking rate of interest — six per
cent. You go then to one 'of the big, first-
;•; class furniture stores where the stock is big
and fresh, tnd where satisfaction is certain;
and when you have made your selections pay
your bill in good, hard cash.
The installment stores charge you ten per
cent above their cash prices for time. All you
pay us is six per cent. The actual saving to
you is FOUR PER CENT.
For instance: If your purchases amount to
$100.00 we will charge you $106.00— which is a
six per cent advance; then you pay us -$20.00
cash and the balance in monthly payments
amounting to $8.60 each month. If your, pur-
chases amount to $75.00 we will charge you
$79.50; you make us a cash payment on this
of $15.00 and pay the balance at the easy rate
of $645 per month.
Investigate this — it v/ill pay you.
O — — '¦ :
Gould, Sullivan Co.
Suite 1403-05 "Call" Building, " ESftSJL.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
CLOSING OUT
ALL WOMEN'S
SHIRT
WAISTS
HALF PRICE.
o/Tai f° r an y °f ° ur 50°
mm *^ *^ wwulSlS.
Af)** for any of our 75c
*rUC Waists.-
£}/}— for any of our $1.00
OUC Waists.
Q /T - for any of our $1.75
ifUC Waists. ;- ¦;..¦;.'
p/ //T for any of our
01. iO $2.00 Waists.
Of Q H for any of our
0 LOU $2.25 Waists.
fif Af\ for any of our
0l.*rO $2.50 Waists.
Q1 4ZSZ for any of our
*P1.UO $3 25 Waists.
(t*f for any of our
•Pl./O $3.50 Waists.
(1*1 Q/l for any of our
•PI»yU $3.75 Waists.
Waists on sale to-day are
made of fine White Lawns,
India Linens, Colored < Per-
cales, . Chambrays, Grass
Linens, Summer Silks^-in
fact, all the materials that
are so much in fashion this
time of the year will be
found in great abundance
among to-day's Waist bar-
gains.
WE GIVE TRADING STAMPS
ON EVERYTHING.
MARESlJROS.
1220-1224 MARKET ST.,
Bet. Taylor and Jones.
HALE'S _J -.J1^ ALES>
i2|c Batiste at 9c yd
Means big selling to-day.
It's Just in— The new grass cloth patterns.
. White grounds, with the daintiest of colored polka dots, in
red, blue, pink and black. My! but we're glad to get it. Wish
we had a whole lot more. Hoped it would get here sooner, but
its lateness means a saving of 3^c a yard to you. Usually sells
at I2y 2 c. To-day we've marked every bit of it 9c to sell quickly.
Won't promise how long it will last. Put in a window of it, so
you can see it easily.
Another Surprise To-Day. Matting Mats, Y&fc.
First Notice of Fall. " 800 samples on sale this
White Felt Hats. ™rning
_ . - Samples of splendid . Japan-
Came to us just as fast as an ex- r - . > . ¦. , -- „„„„„
press train could bring them, so that ese matting, 36 inches square.
Hale's would be the first with new Jj sef j ag samp l e s during the Sea-
fall hats as with new fall dress \. .
goods and suits and other things. son by traveling salesmen.
But, mv, how swell they are. \v e bought 800 of them at aj?rice.
Big broad brims and bell We're giving them to you at.. a price
** . „,. ;r, „ , to-day— an unusually low one— \2V2C
croivns. Slightly taller than The warp is securely . tied so they
the summer styles. Bound on r-™ 1 ravel ; v Nothing nicer for the
~ . bathroom, kitchen or porch.
the edges with fancy black braid second Floor.
and with a quill carelessly stuck Rest Ffllit Jars.
to'ihecrozcnononeside. Oth- "Ball Masons" not "Stand-
ers have fancy bozv knots of ards."
White silk. • Lowest prices.
First time to-day. Now. right in the midst of the can-
1 ning season, when you Want them.
ti . -j , fT... Nothing so annoying as to have a
1 milKS. HOW S 1 HIS r supply of jars run out and then have
At Flat top one, covered X <i v.ait until you can send for more,
with canvas re a son for it. Buy a lot for all
Strengthened "with 4 cleats on the *, he scason at HaIe ' s to " d f y ' Third
top, 2 on the side. 3 on the bottom; « ocr - ; » « *
strongly made. It's a 28 : inch one. Pints -48C dozen S
30-inch one. $3.20; 32-inch one, Quarts 58c dozen
$3-45; 34-inch one, $3.70; 38-inch Very beat smooth glass complete with
one, $4.25. iVv -¦. rubbers and porcelain lined Boyd caps.
AT 83.O5-A 2S-lnch Saratoga trunk. Will not. leak air and spoil the. truit.
most handy shape, metal cover, well Jellv Glasse9 iiOc doz. -
made, with 3 compartments and eagle Good values, perfectly smooth glass. In
lock with 2 keys, splendid value; dif- pressed designs, different patterns. You
ferent sizes up to the 36-lnch one at know they are Just splendid for the
$5.40. little ones to carry Jams or preserves
Downstairs. ~ In with their lunches.
Double-Warp I C^MTLJBP "TB? Market Street,
Sheets J&^Sf^sS^ f%U^^ <^S Near JXixth >
Famous Jsv J^J3m*3&<Si&r*£sr<i^^& Opposite Golden
for Wear. &* —^^Ga****. f.^'**- -^ Gate Avenue.