For the most part the soil was of a light
alluvial nature and presented no formid
able problems." This task would occupy
ten days with all hands busy, and as food
sufficient for four days alone remained,
some understanding with the Inhabitants
of the land and Pomba, their chief, must
needs tm come to as soon as possible.
The Batoncas still held aloof and as yet
scarcely one had been seen. The need for
a visit to Bangillo became the more ur
gent, therefore, and the scouts, thrown
out daily to bring Instant notice to Mel
drum's "Btronff camp in event of the en
emy's approach, were told to capture any
stray Batonca If they possibly could man
age to do so.
On the following morning a regular
system of operations was instituted and
alternate shifts of men either worked
under Meldrum's . direction or stood
guard, heavily - armed, to cover the re
treat of the operatives upon any sudden
attack. Th© camp was only a hundred
yards' distant and a stout double zareba
had been erected about it, while upon
one side the cliff face effectively protected
the party from any surprise.
The work progressed steadily, and Mel
drum and Bessie watched each spade of
earth as it was thrown up from the foun
dation of the most promising ruin', while
Wlnstone remained In camp, overhauling
his cherished guns, and Fain, free of
sentry duty for the time being;, strolled
away alone upon private ends toward the
waterfall. - . • . . .
He alon© realized th© waste of time and
labor before the little company; he alone
could guess at the weary hours and days
of toil that must be thrown away during
the forthcoming fortnight, and be alone
¦¦•-.'¦¦ JB
rcctly as now. they pained detail, op ;
pressed even Meldrum's sanguine spirit,'
and towered tremendous as the vast'en
circling cliffs themselves.
As yet no sign of the Batoncas had
been reported, although their capital lay
but a few miles distant, ajid Winstone's
ad\ ice to his friend was to waste no time.
"Pursue your quest for the hidden gems
and convince yourself of its futility as
quickly as possible; then retreat from a
territory wherein it is very sure we shall
receive no friendly welcome,"- he said.
The point to make for was the house
of the dead man— that described In the
manuscript as lying outside the bounda
ries of the old capital. Upon the morn-
Ing after their arrival, therefore, a reg
ular search was Instituted, and the puz
zled Zanzlbaris and Soudanese were bid
to skirt about the confines of the old vil
lage to poke and probe the underwood for
evidences of any solitary ruin of indica
tions of a bygone dwelling place.
Several of Fuch outlying habitations
were found in varying distances from the
camp and within half a mile at most of
the Golden Falls, but none of them stood
under an umzimbete tree, a point specially
mentioned in the manuscript. As dead
Btumps and old, time-bleached fragments
of vanished forest giants abounded, how
ever, and many young shoots and sap
lings were rising about the deserted vil
lage to take the places of their dead an
cestors, no certainty of^ being upon the
wrong tack followed from the absence of
a big tree. Young examples of the um
zlmbete abounded and both Roy and Fain
were soon familiar with the shape and
itize of the "stony seed pods" mentioned
In the dead man's direction.
"Close at hand" were the words he had
employed, and upon the strergti; of this
direction Meldrum planned his future ac-_
tions. In all six fallen dwellings and the
foundation of one other, from which evi
dence of the fabric Itself had vanished,
were discovered within a radius that
might fairly include the habitation of the
bygone pioneer: and around and about
each of these ruins, to a limit of 100 yards
every way and to a depth of three feet,
Roy determined to explore. - • \
Even then Meldrum was for returning
In the face of this tragedy ar.d battling
It out with the enemy, believing as ho
did that It was Ongasse's horde that they
had to deal with. Better death, he si!d.
than the maddening uncertainty of what
bad been his sweetheart's fate, but Lord
But when the gathering blackness of
"night overtook them and made further
progress Impossible no eight of the raid
er*' had been seen. MeJdrum was in a
fuming race at his inability to proceed
farther, and was the only one awake
when the next disaster overtook them In
the ehaae of an unexpected attack froth
all Bides of the camp by a grcal horle of
blacks, who by their overwhelming num
bers and the unexpectedness cf their as-
Fau'.t. completely overran the sleeping
travelers, and in almost less time than it
takes to narrate It had killed half of
Meldrum's force and taken the oth*r
half prisoners. Only Meldrum. Lord
Winstone and Tracy Fain, who formed a
6mall group In themselves when the at
tack came, escaped the awful slaughter
»n4 that only after they had fought Ilk*
ddGjcns.
For two days Meldrum pushed steadily
forward through a country almost desert
ed. -All the fighting men were to the
east, and In their train had passed many
women and children. There were some
vague rumors of a body of COO or 700
epcars, said to be pushing rapidly through
the Lunda country to join their fellow
warriors against Ongasse, but no sign of
these appeared, and in three villages
nothing was found but aged men and wo
men and young children.
Such apparent security led to some
slight relaxation of the rules of march,
and, the roads being fair and danger ap
parently remote, the people often scat
tered a little after camp was formed and
foraged or amused themselves as they
pleased. ,
On the third day while Lord Wlnstone,
Meldrum. BlaAbird an«l two Zanzibar!
bearers went out to hunt, Bessie, accom
panied by Dan Hook and an escort of
come six or seven followers, including
BunganI, proceeded back along the water
course they had been following to gather
some peculiarly fine orchids she had seen,
leaving Tracy Fain and the rest of the
xn»Tr. bers of the party In camp. Two hours
isKor Bungani, freightent<t and exhausted,
crept back with the awful tTaings that
Bessie and her party ha.l not only been
surrounded and rapiur*o, but that the
attacking force was none other than, a
band of Onrasse's picket warriors.
Consternation reigned at once and tho
hunters returned presently 10 find the
camp in an uproar. Mcic-rum was like one
distraught when he heard the terrible
news, and vowed vengeance of the direst
««rt upon the head of ilia young monarch
whose profuse friendship and subsequent
rubtle treachery were responsible for this
last overwhelming disaster. Overruling
all council he ordered camp struck at
once and began the pursuit on the double
quick, bent upon savins Bessie If she
were still alive or pun.sMr.g Ongasse if
evil had befallen her.
CHECK TO THE WHITE QUEEN.
"On the frir.Re of the Lur.da country
Ongasse bade h'.s friends farewell. He
had no desire that Moflrum should be
embroiled with the natives through wl.oso
dpmain he must now pass, but it proved
to be a case of Kanatto ar.d L'nyah over
and as eoon as the Masstgi heard
&&t Roy's expedition had traveled in
5>eace through Ongasse's territory they
assumed that the whites must be their
enemies and held aloof from all Inter
course. Little, however, was seen of
them, though they were known to be a
strong tribe.
Luckily, they now had the Nangatto
warriors upon thtlr hands, for. after
leaving his white friends. King Ongasse
etarted for the eastern borders of his
kingdom, whtre the Massegl were making
head and giving trouble.
CHAPTER XVIII
CHAPTER XXL
,, THE WHITE ANTS'\NEST.
Fain soon found himselfupon the ledge
of the cliff and there waited impatiently
for the rainbow's descending arch to lead
him to the goal.
It was long, however," before the critical
moment came, and meantime' the young
man "had opportunity to scan the sur
rounding scene, note how the river turned
sharply, below Antelope Head bluff, and
observe : that, immediately beneath, him
and on- the same side of the stream as
himself, Ithough beyond the abrupt bend
of -the river, there extended a consider
able tract of forest land.
- If it. should happen that, the rainbow
fell here,' ail chance of Meldrum securing
his' prize without Fain's intervention was
practically; lmpossiule,' for the woods lay
half a mile at least from camp and more
than a quarter of a mile from any of the
ruined houses that Roy" had determined
to explore.. •'. ' ¦'":
Slowly the sun ascended, and- s the Gold
.en Falls justified their name • as *" they
'trembled and tossed In a streak of sheer,
radiant 'glory down the face of the clifC.
From. the tremendous impact, where the
water, struck tho surface of the river
after, Its- last long leap, arose a fine mist
'of vapor, and upon this It was that Tracy
Fain -nxdd his eager eyes as It began to
brighten '. under the. advancing sunshine..
Af last ahe masfc colors trembled out
¦ in' sparks and gleams upon the mist, and
arion" the "fraction j'of a shlning^bow ap
peared opposite the; watcher. *¦
Fain waited and watched the rainbow.
It endured but a brief space, and as the
sun rose and the angle of refractions was
changed the brilliant iris tints disappeared
and- the splendid moment .was gone by for
that ;day.- ', Like a 'gorgeous - flower . _tKa
phenomenon' withered'- and died, leaving .
only. gray. ml st ; behind" iC .
' But I Fain had seen all j that he needed,
and very I soon. ' afterward, I marking his
route and destination carefully 'upon a
little map that he had sketched from his
bird's-eye point of view, the : man de
scended to the Wambasl River, followed
It round a wide j bend until he cams
abreast of the forest' land, then struck in
ward . and , presently sighted one tree ; of
special size that bad : towered above the
spot where the purple ring of the rainbow
before, him. ,W»" v" . .; ¦ . • -. . ¦¦ ¦• •.
There, aloft, breaking V through the
strata of the country/", appeared a crag
of limestone," and ~. its crown, '•'• sharply
lifted up In twin peaks, .exactly resem
bled the lofty horns of an animal, while
the rock below - had' •. toeen", outlined 5 and
carved by the storm and stress of ; ages
into striking semblance of an antelope's
head and neck. The whole efflgy was
upon a colossal scale, but to mistake this
jutting crag- appeared impossible, and that
he now stood befqre Antelope Head Bluff,
Tracy Fain felt well assured. •".-;•
. For more than a year he had known by
heart the secret message cut from -ths
manuscript, but now with shaking fingers
he opened his j pocketbook j that his \ eyes
might read the actual words and the di
rection . contained In them. V
. . "Stand where - the peaks • of the .Ante
lope ; Head -bluff are in one line. .Then
wait ; - till the hour when : th© rainbow
shines upon the . mist of the falls, and
where the purple of the arch touches the
forest— there— In » white ants* nest" :
Nothing could be clearer than this dl-
His eyes roamed eagerly toward." west
and south, then ha lifted them up to the
tremendous forehead of the cliff. . The
crown of the precipice was "clothed with
lofty vegetation, dwarfed by' distance to
mere scurb; and here; no bigger than ants,
as it seemed, Fain -'observed, a dozen or
more natives. They, ; werq: perched .upon
the very edge of the Golden FallB, ;and
from their gestures, -thd -.Englishman per
ceived that they had observed him. .
At the most liberal computation," how
everf'he judged that the savages could
not reach him in less than five minutes,
and as their road - mus^,! lie upon the
jagged and precipitous face of the crags
to the "north of the waterfall, he knew
that ample time would '-"suffice for "re
treat if tho Batoncas -threatened.. v.
A moment later an.d-an Incident caused
him' to dismiss the ¦ distant' foe from his
mind and forget, all 'about them, .'for,
while roaming forward, he. opened up a
further scrap of thV'cllff and gasped be
fore what was revealed. •'
The thing that he had desired, v longed
for and looked for, '.now quickened his
pulse-beat by Its .' sudden appearance,
and so astoundingly like 'its name. was
this lofty bluff, jutting, forth ; from • the
cliff at an elevation [of ;,' 200 'feet above
the river,* that Fain '/could scarcely' be
lieve the work of nature alone appeared
foresaw the fever of dying hope, the bit
terness of a gigantic ' and ruinous fail
ure that awaited Roy Meldrum and Bessie
In the immediate future. -But such re
flections weighed nothing with him, for
his heart was hardened against, one who
had done him no wrong at any time.
Now, passing beyond the outlying ring
of sentries, he proceeded upon his own
secret quest- and- speedily reached the.
Golden Falls.
rection, and, dead to any, danger. Fain
-set forth in frantic haste. to find a point.
: from which one vast antler of the stone
antelope should conceal the other. But,
this proved a difficult task, and after.*/,
dozen attempts to obtain such a position*
the:; treasure hunter fell back fifty yardsi
"or so and began to realize that the neces-*,
saryr«pplnt of view" must lie . considerably I
'himr 1 on saomer. ledge or in some '
'cranny of the cliff-face. ' '; '-'.
Now he essayed a series of climbs, and
It was not until after an hour of rough
and fruitless work that he at last reached
a solitary' shelf, perched high above the
river, from which the great stone ead .
presented the necessary appearance. Two ,
fish eagles, frightened from their eyrie,
screamed in the* air so close that he could
see their crooked. beaks and golden eyes,*
but his mind was not upon them. - ,-
As he lay panting and weary under a
cloudless sky, he took in the bearings of
his position and realized two things— that
the mist of the Golden Falls, could only
throw a rainbow soon after the sun had
risen, and that the point which' he now
occupied was the sole spot on his side of .
the river ¦ from which Antelope Head
bluff might be seen In the necessary po- .
sltjon. .• .. ..• • -
An hour, later' Fain was back in camp.
He explained his fatigued condition as"
the result of a stiff and difficult ..climb;
and the next morning, having declared
over night that he designed another .ex
piration on tho cliff face, set off alone
with his rifle and a day's prbvlsloni'
. The enterprise somewhat mystified
Roy, and- Fain's lack of interest In the
great search nettled "him; but, the -leader
of the band had plenty to think about, so
he contented " himself .by ... warning his
cousin to keep within call of the scouts
. and incur no unnecessary risks ' or dan- '
gers. . . : '. '"¦¦/..¦ . ¦,
The usual noise .of the men pitching
camp was drowned by the tremendous
and reverberating -echoes of the Golden
Falls, and as light waned and all detail
vanished from the solemn - scene, Roy
turned away and sought his friends that
he might escape for a little space from
his own thoughts.
For one brief moment there came Into
his mind a shadow of the skepticism that
Wlnstone and Fain openly professed.
Seen afar off the difficulties appeared
small enough; viewed closely, faced di-
The Golden Falla of the manuscript
proved easy enough' to discover; but upon
reaching the district Meldrum found, that
the capita] of the tribe l'ad been shifted
two miles farther ud the Wambasl. The
ruins of the old, settlement were not dif
ficult to trace, however, and Roy gazed
upon the desolate scena with singled
emotions as It spread before him at the
end of the first day's march through Ba
tonca country.
Beneath his standpoint lay the desolate
spot where a fellow Englishman had
yielded up his life. A wide slope extended
to the river, and It was covered with
grass-grown tracks between the bleached
skeletons of ruined huts. Above this
plain huge cliffs rose, jagged and peaked,
under a red sunset sky, and down the
eternal faces of them leaped. In a suc
cession of sharp and gushing cascades, the
Golden Falls. The cliff front Inclined In
ward at a distance of a hundred feet
from Its base In the river, and the tor
rent, crossing this gulf at a bound, fell
with endless rosr upon the broad bosom
of the stream beneath.
A fittir.sr answer was returned to tfie
young ruler. Winstone and the other
Englishmen took his hand, British fash
ion, and Hook, when his turn came, made
the royal finger-bones crack with a shake
like a vise. Then Meldrum went upon
his way. and the expedition, after some
ten days' progress by short marches,
at last arrived on the banks of the Lua
pula.
"Now farewell, thou Queen of the Sliver
Sunrise; farewell. Bana Mkuba; farewell,
ye great man of the white Quren. May
the unknown be kind to you, may death
forget you till you cry to him and remind
him that your turn has come; may pros
perity attend you: and may your eyes
presently grow bright when they mirror
once more the mountains and hills, the
rivrrs and grass lands, the forests and
villages and the head kraals of your own
country.
"Pomba. King of the Batoncaa, has a
demon— a familiar spirit — who works evil
aeainst the nations. No man has seen
the demon, yet his deeds are known, for
he has strengthened the hand of Pomba
apalnst his enemies and mightily in
creased the strength of the nation at the
expense of the nation's foes. Be guarded
therefore, and trust not the honey voice,
for it comes from a bitter throat, and
Pomba's tongue is but the fair shield that
hides a foi:l heart.
"Ec cautious." he eaid, "and even
though the friendship of Pomba, King
of the Eatoncas, is offered«to you, trust
him not and believe him not. He and I
have never met, and I am glad that
mountains ar.d rivers and the wide lands
of the Lur.da country separate us; but
my father knew him before me, and loved
him not. and trusted him not at all, cl
thouph there was always peace between
them.
Food f= ufiicicni both for Me'.drem's party
and Ongasst's" warriors appeared in
abundance, however, and Roy, whose ex
pedition now numbered thirty-two men
all told, with thirty guns, net Including
the sporting weapons of Lord Wlnstone
and Meldrum, prepared to set out for the
Luapula, now distant but ten days'
march.
Or.rasse's march through the Massegi
country wan how a mere triumphal pro
cession. He hail shattered the enemies'
forces, slain 'many of their foremost men.
destroyed several of their large villages
by fire and-^l^rt the rival monarch- at his
mercy- rp^^.e day, 4 fortnight later,
when MeldrumV. company prepared to
bid him a sritcful farewell.' the -.King of
the Nang?t0s, arrived before the kraals
of the Massetf capital to find that his
rcyal enemy had f!ed.
THfe GOLDEN FALLS.
CliAFTER XX.
of lior.cr In Central Africa, if strange. Is
strict ui:ilrr certain conations, and, as
the joint forcts proceckd day by day to
gether toward their parting place, no
iurther trouble was experienced.
• ¦perfect friendship between both parties
had resulted from the ceremony of the
previous morning, for the aboriginal code
A day ar.d a night of feasting completed
the function cf blood brotherhood, and,
on the i;;-;rrow, soon after the leveil o
v.oke the cchots, both Mtldrum's expedi
tion tnu Ou black hosts of his fricnJa
u«re on the move or.ee more.
«^-r T THIS point In the ceremonial
f I Roy and Ongasse appeared and
I I equatted together upon the leaf-
I strewn dais. The priestess then
began her mad song acain, and
the cr.ant was participated in by the
natives, who yelled a eort of savage cho
rus. Presently Ongatse tared his left
arm. and a hum of admiration followed
as Meldrum did the earce, and showed a
tremendous llnib, tanned rosy red to the
elbow, but white as marble above. His
huge biceps rolled up like a wave as he
doubled his elbow.
¦ Then the King and Roy held each other
by the left hand, and the eibyl with the
glittering Unife approached ar.d upon the
.shoulders of both made four light gashes.
A lozenge-shaped epace was left in the
midst, and upon this the hag poured a
little ealt from her ehell.
Now came the most trying part of the
operation— and Ongasse, whose arm had
"many cicatrices, indicating similar ope
rations in the past, bent over to M.'idrum.
put forth a red tongue and licked biood
end salt from Roy's sreat shoulder. Then
it was the other's turn, and the repre
>er,tative of Queen Bessie performed his
jfti.nibai feat with perfect good grace,
whereupon the Nar.gattos how:eii. and the
f.red their guns and all was
rejoicing and good fellowship.
PriStntly Uddruxn wutjiitew and had
a nip of whisky in the seclusion of his
tent, but for the rest of the day he was
forced to be rery rauch in evidence.
Splendid presents came from Ongasse In
The shape of various foodstuffs, chiefly
plan lain. He offered some really fine
ivory s-Ifo. but this was gratefully de
clintJ, «t to carry it must be out of the
Question.
Copyright ISO*, by Efien Philpotts.
Fourth and Last Installment.
It's a Thriller,
TKE MASTER OF
APPLEBY.
Begins
Next Sunday.
Meldrum's story was soon told, and On
gasso. who two days befcre had given
battle and a murderous beating to those
of the Massegi who opposed him on his
own frontiers, now undertook to engage
the cr.nr.ibal regiment from which Roy
and his friends. bad so miraculously es
caped.
\\ Inslone s urgent counsel that notning
couM be done till daylight flu illy pre
vailed, and then a wonderful thing hap
pened. 1
IVIth th* first streaks of dawn the thrc«
men found themselves between two rr>e
iile forces. One was frngasse's,' but net
Tihere they had lo<5k^d:*D see it. The oth
er, which was the tribe^ftat had made the
attack in the night, "wiia.- an army of
blacks they had never beheld before. The
whole situation was puzzling to a degret
until Ongasse charged, and out. of the ter
rible slaughter of^he en«ny that ensued
case to the amazed travelers with great
er protestations cf friendship than ever
before. The blood brotherhood had been
kept, he announced triumphantly, -'and
when he brought forth Besslo and her
whole escort safe and unharmed, Mel
drum ccu!d have wept with the unexpoot
ed joy ar.d the strang-entsa of it all, and
la the mutual explanations which fol
lowed found new cause for admiration
for the boy king.
"Two cay3 after you departed," he tald,
"it came to my ear through scouts that
the reserve forces of the Massegi, full 600
spears etror.g, were pushing rapidly for
ward to join their friends before ..they
should meet my warriors. Then I knew
that the Masaegl roust surely fall in with
the White Queen, and, holding her and
her subjects as my friends, they' would
most surely offer battle and perhaps
achieve a victory by force of numbers.
I'i'on this subject I debated for- the space
of or.e night, but in the morning I dis
covered that my uncle and first man of
state had set forth, with a small, swift
band, upon the track of the White Queen,
intending to reach her before she should
be attacked by her enemies. My uncle Is
a mar. of a single thought and he said to
himself, as he proceeded at a jackal trot
through the dawn, that as my will was to
rescue the White Queen at all costs, so
fhould his ba. And, therefore, when his
men of war fell In with a handful of the
White Queen's folk they only satisfied
thems'eives of her safety and in no way
troubled concerning the safety of her peo
ple. Among the Nangattos was no man
who could understand the White Queen
or make himself understood. There
fore, until now she has not
known that my action was one
of kindness, In that I desired to save
her and her people from a superior and
unfriendly force. Now tell me how It
fares with you and how you come before,
ir.e unattended, unprotected and alone.
Ytt I can guess of your raw wrists and
fcur.k«*n cheeks that it was as I foretold.
Ycu have fallen in with the Massegi and
escaped with bare life. That much indeed
is clear."
Fhow him the black and the red ants.
He will like them better than the white.**
The rest roared with -laughter and in
a few moments started to put In fore*
the hideous suggestion of their comrade.
Better had It been for Fain— a thou
sand times better— had the black fiends,
whose prisoner he now was, thrown him
to a hungry lion or before & charging
eiephant. Then, though death had come
In shape horrible enough, it had been
speedy and merciful as the lightning; but
for the wretched man, now strapped with
living vines, his cruel captors designed an
end unutterably horrible, and a moment
later, almost before Fain bad realized
their intentions, they threw him on the
earth beside a low, black mound.
Here, in shape of a St. Andrew's cross,
they stretched him; then pegged down
hands and feet so that no effort could
free the tortured sufferer, and, that done,
h* dozen with their spears backed and tore
at the •Jark mound hard by, then Jumped
nimbly away as a - black and enraged
swarm— relentless and savage as the
Eatoncas themselves— crawled forth to
lir.il the cause of this earthquake In' their
citadel.
Very quickly the pinioned soul upon the
ground knew what depths of torment
v ere reserved for him, and he stared Into
the unpltylng cky ar.d prayed as he had
never prayed before that death might
hasten to him In any other shape than
this.
But the black army of soldier ants fell
upon him in their myriads; he felt them
upon every inch of his exposed skin and
knew they were burrowing beneath his
garments. He shuddered under this literal
formication, and ice-cold shivers shook
him to the deep sources of his life.
The:i btgan a universal stabbing — now
cn his feet and leg.*, now upon his arms
and fingers, now over his heart, his
breast. Us noc6. On they swept la Irre
sistible legions.
lie clenched his fingers and slew 600,
but 2J0O crawled over the corpses of their
fellows. In live minutes he was a writh
ing, heaving mass of ants, a mere brute
lighting for its life and bellowing In
agony, with the cur3ed things in his eyes
and nose and mouth and ears, with a mil
lion cf them simultaneously burying their
pincers in his tortured skin.
To smother a man to death in mustard,
leaves would be a. similar death. The end
could net have been long delayed; but
Providence had further work for Tracy
Fain, and it was half a dozen of his tor
mentors not the maddened, choking
wretch himself who passed- at that mo-
ment into the Land of Shadows.
The Batoncas, intent on their devilish
pleasure, had not heard or seen the ap
proach of ileldnim and his little force;
und now, at a range of barely a hun
¦ dred ya:d3, a very effective volley was
poured into the savages and six of them
,. fell. Their wild laughter choked in their
¦, throats. Two others were wounded and
'.dispatched without a thought by Black
.*birii when he reached them, while thirty
.inore, who stood. firm for a moment and
•flung their spears ? were charged by Mel
drum and the Zanzibarls, as Wlnstone,
with his cranelike gait, ran to the man
upon the ground and at the cost of a
"terrible biting himself loosened the bonds
and bid him rise. \
Fain for the time appeared msane. He
screamed and laughed In a fit of frenzied
hysteria, and Jt was long before his nerves
eVen approached tranquillity. His awful
experience made his cousin mad also, but
with anger, and three of the Batancas
fell t» his fury, while the Zanzibarls an
swered for four more.
•Thus In the space of five minutes no
less than fifteen of the savages were dead
and the rest had vanished to carry the
news of their defeat to their King.
Wlnstone's chief fear was for Tracy
Fain's eyes, but. though his head was
much swollen and his features almost un
recognizable from the action of the ant
•¦ poison, he could see. They half led. half,
carried him to the river, and there strip
ped and immersed him to the chin. This
. course served to allay some of the ex
cruciating torment from which he suf
fered, but he still raved and babbled in
" coherently, and It remained to be seen
whether his life would be spared or
whether the terrifio shock endured by
his Bi-stem was more than nature could
repair.
Presently they took him back to camp,
opened a can of tinned milk and dressed
the whole of his fevered body with the
stuff. A little very weak Btlmulant 'was
also given and every effort mads by
fanning and sprinkling of water, to keep
the air In the tent as cool as possible.
Through the night Dan Hook. Bessie
and Roy took turn and turn about to
watch the sufferer, who now tossed and
cried aloud. In the delirium of fever
dreams; no tc sank , into silence; now
spoke of strange ''matters*' and, bid the
ll&teners for God's love keep' his tiecre,t:
now moaned. In sheer physical agony
and cried helpless tears or swore hotter
curses on his enemies.
Presently, the watcher then, being
Meldrum himself, a thread of sense and
coherer.ee began to wind through tha
fever-stricken man's wild utterances.
"Not there." he said, "not there; and
"I've been a knave, a traitor, u. rogue for
this. God of Justice! was ever a sinner
punished so flulckly upon his sin? Yet—
yet— the words were plain enough. And
the purple of the rainbow fell upon th«
very spot, mad© it a fairyland fit to har
bor gems and hide the richest Jewels ever
bred In the earth. But the white ants*
nest was empty, and I have the crime on
my heart without the diamonds la my
pocket. Why did they rescue me? One
ircre pang and I should have been oat of
It all— but— this— this is the punishment;
to walk shoulder to shoulder wtta th«
man I would have robbed, to see him
toiling and wasting hl» heart away. Now
all Is vain, all labor useless. The whit©
ants' nest has been robbed, and heaven
knows where the precious stones are. W«
shall never see them. 1 ** --»•.»*,» t
lie was silent asaln, then rambled on
upon other topics. Suddenly he ¦ turned
to where Meldrum rat "with wide, hor
rified eyes, fixed upon him. v A sort of
unconscious mesmerism- on the man's
part- appeared to have dragged Fain
round to look at him; but now the de
mented' sufferer failed to recognize his
nurse : and \ thought a woman ministered
to him.
'Tfou; • Bessie?" he said. "H»v« yen
come to me then after all and thrown
Bana'lfkuba over? I thought you'd find
out you loved me best sooner or later; but
it's too late row, sweetheart, too late, too
late, too' late. Curse the words! They
ring 1 In my ears like a knelL They ara
the" full :«0P3 that block my road, turn
which way I will. Too late. It's always
too late with me. ,1 was born too late;
I have lived too late; I shall die too late.
You Iau"gh, ' I see you laugh; but you
should cry, for there'll be no glimmering
sky blue, sea green, blood red stones to
deck your bosom now; there'll be no dla<
monds, like the white, eternal stars for
brightness, no opals, as full of color and
nre as the tears of the fallen angels. All
gone — all '-stolen *by ." some devil — may
: "Ho Is ours .by right of capture. The '
day -is yet young. Wo will hart our
pleasure with him and none shall know
It." cried one.'
"So be it, bo bo It," shouted another.
"This grubber in * ants' nests— wo will
heaven Bend . him, nl3 reward. Not there—
vanished— hidden, deejs deep down by tha
earth spirits or the wood spirits. Too lata
again, though, by the throno of tha high
est archangel. I swear you should hav«
had them all. Not on* for Boar *n toe
What he saw, however, quickly dragged
his mind back to reality. The Batoncaa
were upon .him. Silent as snakes they
"had; crept In on every side, and._now, find
ing themselves discovered, -theyS raised a
simultaneous cry and leaped forward.
Seeing his deadly peril Fain .dashed for
his rifle, but he was; tao late 1 to . reach it
and in. a moment the yelling mob closed
in. Now, face to ;face . with death and
powerless to fend a. single " stroke of the
spears poised round; him or 'held at his
throat, Fain dropped: his hands and. bent
his head to th'etblow he" knew must fall;
but ¦ no merciful and stroka at
short range ended his life. * : • ';
Hl3 captors h"ad other ideas^and clearly
desired' no such speedy termination of
their 1 amusement as the Instant death of
their, victim. ;"¦.*-**,'* ¦ ¦ :\
Fain was bound hand, and foot with
the tough and trailing vine of the wild
grape. Thep four men picked him up and
bore him some hundred yards distant. A
swift Interchange of^vlews followed; some
of the savages were In. favor, of- carrying
the prisoner to Pomba, their King, while
others of the younger 'bloods < held that
the monarch need know nothing of the
matter. \ :'•'/_ ¦[-,
Fain's heart throbbed wildly, for it was
r white ants'" nest. Its base was draped in
green things and grass sprouted upon it.
A part had crumbled away and the de
caying' mass presented many evidences of.
disintegration, but that it was an , ants'
nest Fain knew without question, and
that it must be the identical structure i
ho^sought seemed also certain, for no'
tftner similar erection appeared within
ifhe" radius of the trees.
[t To- the deserted nest he went and his
beat high as he stood beside it
' and knew that the treasure might be—
nay, must b«— within reach of his ex
, tended hand. ¦ <
The base of the nest was coated with
moss and it rose from. wild undergrowth.
Tq cut this away was the man's first
task, and, setting down his rifle, he pulted
out- a heavy knife and began to clear the
r - base, of the.earthen pillar. This task was
quickly accomplished, and f" Fain j found
himself before a smooth but soft erection
»of fln« fcarth. That it must be hollow in
¦ side-she knew and doubted not that the
adventurer, who trusted his treasure to
It In the past, had cut a hoi© somewhere
at the bottom or in the side of the .mound,
then dropped In the umzlmbete seed pods
and afterward made all secure again.
For a moment he reflected as to what
course was the most simple, ¦ then set to
work at* the base of the cone, and soon
had a hole, big enough to creep through,
driven to the center. Then he discov
ered what had not appeared from the
surface; there was another entrance from
underground Into, the nest. The -channel
ran a foot beneath the earth and came
out. ten yards • away. That the deserted
dome had been used by some small beasts
. of . prey for a lair was evident, and now
Fain began digging down through a«mass
: of bones and fragments of moldy fur to
reach the umzlmbete seed, which he knew
must be hidden beneath.
.The soil was light and he made rapid
progress, but never a sign of what he de
sired-was-there, lie sweated on* but his
heart almost hurt him with its thump-
Ing, bis head was throbbing and his eyes
aching 1.3 failure came nearer and nearer.
v He threw aside, the. stick- .he. had been
using and buried his hands in the , soft
mold. He tore it up, and as the subsoil
gfew harder he still used his fingers unlil
they were torn, one of his nails Vwbs
broken and both of his hands began to
bleed. Then he stopped and stared blank
ly before him,, while' the sweat .dripped
from bis face into' the great hole .he had
dup. . "\ v •
The precious stones were not; In the
ants* nest. They had vanished ; from It,
and Fain stood faced, not only with his
own -treachery, but \ with, the knowledge
that it had utterly failed. His sin was
vamrthe sting of the memory might last
forever; but there was nothing to make
him bear the bitterness of his wicked ac
tion with Indifference. Absolute failure
stared him in the face, and' In that black
moment he cursed his existence and wish
ed that he 'was dead. The wages of sin
is death, indeed, oftentimes; and now it
seemed that the traitor was to be taken
at his word. V
Dazed and stricken by his te?rible dis
. appointment, shattered before this crush-
Ing reverse, the man moved blindly away
and lifted his eyes to scan further and
satisfy himBelf that In reality- there was
no other white ants' nest within the In
dicated space.
*Fhere, in shape like a huge but clumsy
r.r.d broken 'sugar loaf, reared the circle,
Fh»rnly- down acros.i the distant woods.
Then Fain realized how necessary had
bren the special directions of the dead
m;t.n. for the breadth of the rain'oow em
braced the whole tract of forest; but the
innermost or nurple ring of the arch fell
upon a narrow snot— a small, separate
clump of trees as it appeared— divided by
a Kelt of grass land from the acticent
forest.
Meantime the diamond huviter. innocent
of-any ftar, preyed 0:1 to the very hiding
V'a'ce cf the treasure. AVlthin the clump
of trees he passed, move carefully for
v"aru, with sharp glances to right and
left,' then cnir.c upon the objtct of his
F*arch planted at the heart of the little
Meldrum, a-1 anxiety for hi3 cousin,
ri'.kkly gave the alarm and ten minutes
Inter, with V.'instone. Blackbird and nine
nrmc/d 1 ZanzlbarlF, he was pushing rapid
ly' in the direction Kain had been seen to
follow.
luckily Lord Wlnstone, for it was he.
had observed the scene we have de
scribed. He liked Fain little enough, but
h? felt that a comrade's life was now in
.Vfry real danger and he hastened to Mel
drum with information^ of what he had
srenv through his glasses at a distance
of about helf a mile from canip.
"'The' bes^ars have cut him cff." his
I-or«i3hip explained, "and it will go hard
Vwith him if we are not pretty quickly ion
our lego. There are about fifty niggtr^—
no more, T think. A dozen of us, inciud-
Irg you and me, wil! answer for them.
Ami if we can get speech vnitli the brutes
r.r.J come to some agreement, so much
the Letter."
It was not long,, before the explorer
found himself In the narrow band joC
grass that separated the tree clump lrom
the main wood, and on the lofty preojpice
above, watching as before, full fiXty^Ba
toncas followed his movements, obseg-ved
him reach his destination, then sl*feik>cat
like down the cliffs behind him and in
tercepted hl3 retreat.
Elsewhere- another pair of eyes had
Ti itnessed the ** scene, had observed
Fain .scrambled down from his post
on the face of the cliff, had watched him
disappear in the direction of the woods
and ; had marked half a hundred dark
shapes sneak and slip quickly down the
hill as soon as the Englishman retreated
from It. ' ' ¦
fell. - So Tracy TFaln, inspired with one
Idea, and one alone, pushed rapidly for
ward, dead to danger.'
THE
GOLDEN
FETCH
Sunday Call
Literary SectionThe magic word strongly • affected not
only the troop of Batoncas behind them,
but also Pomba himself. His attention
was now called to the golden guardian of
the tribe, where it sparkled on the white
woman's" forehead; and as he gazed, a
scene of weird significance was enacted
among the rank and file of the monarch's
bodyguard. Before the precious symbol
each man passed, gazed at the familiar
figure on the gold, then dropped upon his
knees and touched the earth with his
head. -
Winstone was relieved to sea that
Bessie herself had bcooma an object of
some reverence at this crisis, and there
was no" effort made to crowd upon hor or
regain the fetich. She clearly stood un
der the * sheltering j aegis of It— a sacred
"thing, sharing the Indescribable virtues of
the golden amulet upon her forehead. *
Pomba, : however,;: did not '. partake in
this general veneration for '.the -disk, but
as a statesman, ha very fully realized the
value of the toy to himself, and now de
manded it. i- .» ,. '
"So! I epoke true words. I told you
what you would not tell me; and here is
confirmation. Bid yonder woman remove
Chinkakko from her brow. 'Twas borne
above the heart of 51'wenga. for many
The girl came forward and stood be*
side Roy. - Then Pomba lifted his dark
eyes to her face and she saluted him
gravely.
Both Winstone and Meldrum saw the
Golden Fetich and shivered with appre
hension; but the King did not immedi
ately perceive it. He was intently ob
serving. Bessie's features, nevertheless.
They puzzled him a little — a circumstance
not strange, considering that never be
fore this moment had he seen a' white
woman. •
But his followers, with quicker eyes
than ' their monarch, had already per
ceived Bessie's scarlet frontlet and the
ornament it carried. They pointed,
stared in blank astonishment, then be
came petrified with amazement, and
finally raised their voices In one huge
shout .
"Chinkakko t Chinkakko!"
THE KING'S FAMILIAR.
CHAf i&il XXIII.
language to one of his head men, who re
tired to the main body; then he turned
to -Winstone.
"You tell m« of rare gems and Jewels.
Tell me more about them. How did you
learn that such things were in the Ba
tonca country?"
"That we learned from our familiar. Tell
us how It is that you speak our language,
and we will tell you how we know there
are rare gems hidden here."
"You will not like the story; but I will
tell you. and I will tell you what you
refuse to tell me. I know, now that I
have taxed my brain," where you heard
of the shining stones. Let me be seated
and I will relate it to you. Then you
will know whether I am a friend or an
enemy."
A llg^t folding chair was placed for.
Pomba and a big umbrella opened and
held over his head. Oblivious to this at
tention, he proceeded with his 'cynical
narrative. His English was by no means
as perfect as that with which we credit
him, but, for the purposes of the story
and in order to save trouble in reading,
we may allow the monarch a somewhat
choicer diction and pronunciation than In
reality he exhibited.
"Know, then, that long, lno'g ago, when
I was a young man, I left the land of the
Batoncas. moved by some inner spirit, to
see and to know more than my own coun
try offered me. There had come a slave
raiding expedition Into our territory, and
though I escaped the Arabs, yet after
they had gone I was sorry that I had es
caped, for in me a spirit moved and told
me that the white men were wiser than
the black, and -I longed to share their
wisdom and store It in my heart.
"So I ran after them and traveled far^
through the heat of a' long season of
drouth and until four moons had waxed
and waned. But I never found J.hem,
though I had news of them once or twice
in the shape of burnt-out villages and the
bones of men picked clean by hyenas. So
I saw the white men were very strong
and held the black men In -their hand,
and I yearned with increasing desire to
know what the white men knew. •
"Then, in the Kalonga country. I was
at death's door from hunger, and I sank,
by the way and had perished there, but
another wanderer found me, and he was
also white."
Lord Winstone and Meldrum exchanged
glances. Roy only thought of the moment
and already suspected the sequel of tha
King's story, while Winstone, not con
cerned with details, looked on ahead and
ba a friend.
Seeing the huge disparity between the
opposed forces, one only way to success
presented itself— a cordial and complete
understanding with the Batonca chief.
At present everything rested with him.
Indeed, their very IJves were In his hand.
; The Kin* continued:
"You show some mutual understanding
in your eyes. I shall tell you why pres
ently, for I know what you are thinking
about; but now listen further and. do not
busy your brains until you have heard
what I am to speak to you.
"The white man saved my life. He gave
me food and drink.. Ha learned my lan
guage and I learned his after many days.
By night I struggled and sweated with
my, tongue and teeth, to fit them to^ the
words he used. I never slept until I had
repeated the hardest sounds many times
over and made them come right. And
then the white man poured great store of
white wisdom into my brain, and I gath
ered and gathered and gathered, as the
bee gathers honey— to use in time future.
"Meanwhile the white man wandered
far, seeking for a road to his people, but
I did what was in my power to keep him
from them and soaked his wisdom up, as
thirsty ground soaks rain.
"Then, on the banks of a. river that
attracted him in his wisdom of metals
and minerals and the things hidden un
der the earth, the man found great store
of small stones of divers colors that were
very good to him, and he told me that
these same dull pebbles, manyr-of them
less' 'in size than beads, were more pre
cious than cowries or ivory, than" skins
or ¦gunpowder', than glass 'or anything in
the whole wide world. Whereat I saw
that too much" learning and wisdom and
deep knowledge of the ways of the stars
and eclipses, and of the sun j and ' moon,
had poisoned the man's head; that wan
dering through the world and never rest
ing his thinking parts had at last turned
the man's b'rain sour to his skull,. and I
feared that I should win no more wls- .
doxn from him. and that he would soon
babble empty nothings, like' an aged man,
or an infant, or those who are born; with
wind, in their heads instead of brains.
"But It was not so. The man's mind
continued to send, forth : great 1 stores of
learning:. And while each day he packed
my understanding with a new
and a new thing, I, on my side, worked
for him and befiiended him and made his
ways easy: for we were now approaching
. my own land, because the man desired to
go to the M'wootan N'zigo, the great
waters to th« north, of Batonca. land—
¦ those sweet, vast lakes that you call after
your queen and her husband, who is dead.
You see, I know all these thlnss. My
thought 'was to bring the white man to
my own people, that he might spread his
knowledge thrre and that I might win
greatness.
"8o th«. time nassed by, and all the
while I crew in knowledge and wisdom
until one day, when we were camped in
the land of my fathers, the man sa*d:
'Lo! Pomba, my faithful friend and fol
lower, you are now grown wise as I.
There is 'no more that I can teach you.'
Then said 'I: 'There 1s ; yet another thine:
teach me why this dust and erravel that
you have gathered" bv the 'way «is valua
ble. Tell me wherefore these little hard
stones are precious beyond all earthly
things.'
"Then he answered. .'I cannot tell; but
men have agreed' that .- they shall so be
esteemed.-. The stones will be cut and
polished untif the fire hidden within them
flashes forth and gleams and sparkles
like the eyes of" the;whd boasts by night.
And then our" women will wear them
about their necks and wrists, upon their
fingers and Jn their hnir, for they love
them better %han the brightest beads of
gold or silver. . "\ ',' ' ...
"So I knew that he was too mad to .teach
me any morel Then we came to my na
tive land and built a house there beside
that ground you are vainly digging yon
der. M'wenga was king of the Batoncas
In those day3 and his village, stood here
long ago; but mine Is a marc,h distant.
"Next I schemed how best to become
very great and I found that with M'wen
ga, not with the white man, my hopes
rested.. So I played a double part . and
tempted the white man to say harsh
things to M'wenga, and translated the
white man's speech wrongly and made
M'wenga his enemy. Then arose the Ba
toncas against the white man and .he be
gan to go in fear. .
. "We had already planned to fly with
such stones as we could carry, but the
rest he had hidden in the forest beside
the Golden Falls, hoping that on a better
day, in time to come,' he might return his
gems. But he did not know that I had
changed .against him: he only knew that
the Chinkakko, the fetich of the Baton
cas/ was against him, according to the
chief, M'wenga. ' •
"The Chinkakko was a fetich of gold,
the guardian of the Batoncas, and it grew
bright If a man had good heart toward
the tribe and dull against him if he was
evil minded against us, according to the
wo'rds of the medielne men.
"So I threw In my lot against the white
man and, "going softly, went up to him
while his back -was toward me and his
pen busy making client words,' and stab
¦ bed him;. bo .that he rolled over; at my
feet. And I took the silent words he had
set on paper and gave them to the king.
And he was very' glad, and having no son
of his loins made me his son and set me
at hb tight hand. I But the silent words
did 'M'wenga take for high fetich, 'and he
. wrapped them round about Chinkakko,
and wore them upon his bosom for power
and protection, according to the fancy of
, the ignorant who know. not wisdom.
The KInp made an end of his long
speech, and his eyes looked far away
over the heads of the crowd about him.
For a moment Lord Winstone did not
answer. He, . too, was deep in thought.
Then, ignorant of what had passed and
bearing the Golden Fetich— the guard
ian of the Batoncas— on her white fore
head. liGBs.e earfle forth, attended by her
black boy and two of the Soudanese.
many of his best men with him.
"Then the 3atoncas came to me, and
I spoke in the way 1 with the white men,
for. I knew their tongue'; .and we made
a peace and gathered up the dust of
M'wenga and buried him as it Is fitting
to bury a king. But upon his breast we
found no fetich, for the white men nad
stolen Chinkakko from our father's neck
and with it the high fetich of the silent
writing. Therefore the silent writing and
the Chinkakko of the Batoncas passed
beyond the distant sea, and I reigned over
my people by force of wisdom and powei
until this da/.
"There is one thing more. You had not
come among us but for lust of the
shining stones that the white man hid.
You had not braved the unnumbered
perils of this land but for keen desire
toward the splinters of red and green
and white dust. Therefore you, too. are
mad In this, even as the first man was.
And. further, you had known nothing of
all this but for the silent speech upon
the paper. That came into your hands,
so you set forth, and with it there also
came Into your hands our Ions-lost Chin
kakko—our Golden Fet'ch— with the sign
of the Batonchs set upon Its face.
"See how wise I, Pomba, am become
in my green age! You have heard from
the tribes of my Familiar Spirit. It is
most true; I have such a spirit, and his
name is Wisdom."
frightened by your talk of gods? There
are no gods. My familiar hath oftentimes
told me there are none."
"Have a care, King Pomba. Your fa
miliar may lie, to gain his own ends. Tin*
hidden gods are 'everywhere. They roll
the clouds together when it thunders;
they flash their eyes when it lightnings;
they weep for the wilderness of bad mon
arch] when It rains. We come • as the
servants of the gods and under the sign
of the Chinkakko-+sacred of old in this
land— we conquer. V Therefore give heed
to me. and if you would retain your
kingdom meet us in friendly spirit, yield
up to the uttermost splinter the treasures
of shining stone, and we on our part will
make no claim upon your kingdom, but
render to you the Chinkakko and retora
to your tribe this fetich of healing and
power."
"Fool! I have put to raise my hand,
and you and your puny party are swept
away."
"Raise your hand, Pomba, and you
die," said Wlnstone, quietly. There was .
a .revolver in his hand. Each had his
eye fixed upon the other. Ten yard3 off
the Batoncas were still doing obeisance
to Bessie and the Golderl Fetich; while
Roy, with the help of the Zanzlbaris,
had opened a big case of beads and wire
and was presenting the warriors and head
men with gifts of exceptional value..
Pomba answered his lordship's threat.
"What Is death to me? I do not fear
It."
"Nor I; but a man is a fool to die. If
he can help It, before life has lost its
salt. You are in your prime. Power is
sweet, and knowledge is sweet. Why
fling a kingdom away, when you might
live to reign over it for fifty years more?
Consider your added strength If Chin
kakko returns to you. And all you give
in exchange is a handful of the ground
and dust, as useless to you as the ground
you walk on."
"Who are you, to offer terms to me?"
"The stronger party, In that the gods
are on my side. Regard your own fol
lowers. They are under the power of the
White Queen already. Bid them destroy
her! You hesitate, Pomba— you fear them.
You have rujed by hard ways so long
that they would fling off your yoke to
morrow. If they but dared."
Pomba glared at his dauntless antag
onist. . ." ' ;'
"You play with a wild elephant." be
Fald. "I have but to return to vay capi
tal city and send forth my chosen troops
under my men of blood, and you vanish
like the grass before the fire."
"You speak as one of little memory."
answered Winstone. "It is not thus that
the Batoncas will treat the possessor of
Chinkakko; it is not with naked spears
that they. win welcome the White Queen,
who has traveled through a million perils
to bring them back their guardian that
M'wonja, the King, lost in death."
"Then the need of more words ceases
between us. I will return to my people
and wa shall see who is the strongest.
my familiar and myself, or your milk
white girl and that golden toy."
"So b* It, Pomba. Until the day after
to-morrow we will awit your decision.
Longer we cannot wait. You boast your
wisdom; be wise now if you want to
keep your crown upon your head. Fare
well."
"You have the lion's voice, white man;
but you v lack the lion's paw. Farewell."
Pomba - arose from his folding chair
and Bessie approached him, carrying a
handsome coat of red cloth trimmed with
golden braid. A similar gift had delighted
many dusky kings, but this one waved it
aside, while his followers rooked on In
fear.
• For a moment he stared at the Golden .
Fetich, then spoke to his bodyguard and
foremost men in harsh and angry accents.
That he had directed them to relinquish
their gifts was evident, but only a few
immediately obeyed him. He repeated
his command in a voice or thunder, and
the rest dropped ' their ' newly acquired
treasures, though with no small show of
surly reluctance. Then they took military
order and fell back upon the main body
of the Batoncas.
11 For one critical moment Wlnstone ap
prehended an Immediate attack, but his
big words and mysterious threats had not
been uttered In vain. There were, more
over, other causes In Pomba's camp why
an immediate onslaught was Impossible.
"We have a familiar also," answered
Meldrum boldly; "and our familiar has
told us that here, within the fringe of
the Eatoncas' country, hidden without
the boundaries of this deserted town,
there are great store of precious gems
diamonds, rubles and emeralds. These
things are of no service to Pomba, king
of this nation, but to white people they
s.re precious; and we come that we may
Clg up the stones if Pomba wills It, in
exchange for great store of rare fabrics
and treasures."
This speech produced an extraordinary
effect on the eavage king. He glared
speechless at Meldrum for a moment,
then at Winstone.
"By the lightning! this is a email earth
Pomba regarded Wlnstone, who made
this epeech, with a doubtful and sus
picious eye.
. "It is bo." he answered. "I have
learned many things of your ways and
customs. But that concerns you not.
Now answer me. What do you do in my
country, and why this upturning of land
beside the river? You search with great
searching. It is for more than ground
nuts that you hunt where the broken
earth meets my eye yonder. I am very
wise and I have a familiar spirit that
tells me the secret* of the sun and the
Etare, of the thunder and the falling wa
ters, of the ways and language of beasts
and of the thoughts of men's hearts. You
cannot lie to me without I know you He."
Among these one savage cf great sizo
v. ;*.- conspicuous, and presently, when
within 100 yards of the wanderers' en
campment, the big man shouted an or
der, his force halted and drew up in ser
ried lines, ¦while he himself and the other
leaders came forward with a small body
guard of some fifty fighting men.
Seelr.g that no immediate attack was
designed, but converse invited and In
tended, Wlnstone and Meldrum. with half
a dozen armed followers, immediately left
camp and proceeded to meet the ap
proaching natives.
Then, to their undying astonishment,
the big man, who appeared scarcely
smaller than Roy himself when seen at
close quarters, lifted up his voice and ad
drehsod them in English.
"You milk-white wanderers. What do
you do here? Why do you come to Pomba
of the Biitoncas? He has nothing for you
—nothing at all; but you kill his soldiers,
end he expects good gifts for his dead
Boldjers before you leave his land."
The King, for it was Pomba himself
who Etood before them, appeared to be a
man of about W years old. His evil but
intelligent face was partly covered by a
thin beard, already turning gray; his eyes
w«re set close together In his head, his
jaw was very square. He was attired
Eumewhat curiously for a savage, and
wore more garments than commonly a.\>
pear upon an African monarch.
"We are amazed, great King Pomba,
that you can epeak our language," be
gan Winstone, "but it is only what we
should have expected from one whose
fame is so widespread. We are here with
our White Queen, and we ask for the
hand of friendship and the palm branch
of peace. We slew some of your warriors
l>ecause they tooK one of our white men
prisoner and horribly tortured him. Had
you been with your soldiers you would
not have permitted such wickedness."
Pomba laughed and his eyes gleamed
cold and dull, like a toad's.
"You cpeak of a Queen," he said, "but
you have only one queen, you English.
You lie to me. Your Queen would never
come among my people with no more
than a handful of white men and coast
folk. You have no Queen."
• "She is our Queen- notwithstanding,
and when you see her you will know that
it is so. You cause us to marvel much,
King Pomba, for your soldiers walk in
line like our soldiers at home, and you
speak in our tongue and have much learn
ing and knowledge hidden from the races
.of the black men."
The scouts fell in one by one; the open
ings cf the little fortress were closed and
every precaution made for fighting if it
Ix-came necessary.
Bessie, well accustomed to tha farce of
appearing as a queen before tha local
potentates, retired to her tent, and on
this occasion bedecked and. adorned her
eelf with greater care than usual. Moved
by. a sudden whim, 6he took the golden,
fetich from Its case, threaded a needle
and quickly stitched the talisman upon a
red ribbon and fastened it round her fore
head.
"Now we will soon know if it means
anything cr not." 6he thought.
Meanwhile, marching with the regular
ity and discipline of civilized troops, a
regiment of about five hundred Batoncas
epprcached. and as they came nearer it
v, ., > clear that half a dozen men of mark
walked before them.
About an hour after Hook had departed
on his food seeking mission, upon the
edge cf the woods, at tha limit of the
ruins of the old town, there appeared
large bodies of natives, and Wlnstone rub
bed his eyes and his glasses when he saw
them, for "their movements were wholly
unlike those usually employed and dis
played by savages.
"It's a deputation or something, but.
irreat Scott! look at the formation.
They're moving as regularly and stead
ily as English Infantry. Who in thunder
came here to drill the rascals?"
But Meldrum had only stopped to see
the advancing horde. Now be sounded a
bugle and soon everybody outside the
zareba was back behind it.
Soon matters of more general Impor
tance than Faln's health occupied those
responsible for th* welfare of th* expe
dition. Two du's' food supply only re
mained, and th* difficulty of obtaining
any more in B&tonca territory was gr*at
ly lncrtased sine* th* previous morning.
Indeed, after the destruction Incidental to
the rescue of Fain any hopes of a friend
ly understanding with Pombs, appeared
remote. Tee King must surely resent
u.:s assault en bis subjects, and it was
unlikely that it would be possible to make
him understand th* justice of It.
Pians were hastily formed and a forag
ing party of a dozen men under Hook dis
patched a day's march backward for fur
ther rrovlsions. There were plenty of
friendly natives at the junction cf the
Wambasl and Luapula rivers, and here
Dans little party would be able to pur
chase plaintains and possibly goats and
fowls. In forty-eight hours they would
return with four days' more provisions.
Meanwhile the exploration was pushed
on. and Winston© advised that a mes
senger should be sent to Pomba with
gifts; but here was a problem, for no
white man could be spared, and neither
Zarzibaris nor Soudanese would volun
teer. Bungani and Blackbird, indeed, of
fered their services, but they were not
accepted, and what course to pursue was
Btili an 'oWect of discussion, when the
question was 6ettled. once for all, from
the other side.
Morning brought with It perceptible Im
provement in Faln's condition, and at th*
breakfast tour ha slapt *© soundly that
Winston* advised h* should not b*
vakanad.
Failure had. upon his own oonfitslon,
attended some enterprise hidden from
the rest of th* expedition, and this fact
was now in Meldrum's poesessloo— hurled
at him amid the long hours of night by
a fevered and frantlo man, but ha very
gladly dismissed th* subject when dawn
broke, though henceforth h* was awak*
and alive to protect himself, ready to
leap at any future hint of knavery, deter
mined to have a full and complete ex
planation of his actions and utterances
lrom th* sick man when health should
be restored to him.
But Meldrum, though aliv* to th* fact
that he had overheard some dark secrets
end stood upon tha threshold of most un
expected treachery, yet kept his own
counsel. That Tracy Fain had not ruc
cc-tded In an effort to circumvent him was
ail that mattered at present.
POMBA OF THE BA.T0NC1B.
you— end w* would hav* latt him t» ret
in this land of demons; w« would hav*
departed by night and — **
Here Roy Meldrum could SUfftr t£> Ut
terances r>o more and departed from be
side his rillov to walk tha starry eight
In a. tn»T« ot mysterious wond*r.
that wa Xlr* upon-r-*o small that you
beard of that matter In your land— yet
how should you know? Let me think—
lit mt think." ; .
"How should you know that white men
walk In stap when they march, that- we <
ar* EngllsHJ Tour familiar— did be teach
you English T" asked Wlntsone, \
"It Is soi he. did." . .
"And our familiar taught us wher* the
Jewels are." ¦
"Your familiar lied. Th* Jewels ar* not
there, and they' never were there. The
precious stones came from far. I- know
— X, Pomba. know all. and I— but where
fora should I tell you these things T"
"That raises the first question. At* you
going to be our friend or our foet" asked
Wlnstone cuietly.
• Pomba hesitated before answering. Then
tha small size cf the party, their appar
ent wealth »nd his own much greater
power evidently determined him to be in
solent. . ¦
J "My warriors could eat you up and not
know they had partaken of food; you
have not beads enough to give one to
each fiphtlnj? man in my army. Why
should I be your friend? You are no
use to me."
"You ppeak as one ignorant of the
facts." answered Winstone. * "Yet your
familiar knew something about repeating
rifles I'll wager if he was an English
demon."
"I, too. have rifles."
"Possibly; "but no powder. Tour fa
miliar wasn't clever enough to teach you
how to make that. We can give you a
great store of powder. We have brought
It for your friendship, but we cannot trust
you yet." If you advance toward us with
your soldiers we will burn all the powder
away at them. So you would lose a pre
cious thing."
Pomba did not answer this point Im
mediately. He said something in his own
guessed that th* man b*for* them kn*w
where • the treasure was hidden. .'Tha
characters • of the two friends stood re
vealed.
• Meldrum's big chest began to heave with
~ suppressed Indignation | (hat Pomba had
'deserted the Englishman and was alive
to tell the tale of 'his death; Winstone'a
mind actively, concerned .itself onCthe'
main grand problem— how to make Pora-
"Am tor me Z could tall Wh«r» th« whit*
man had hidden many of bit prtcloui
•tones and whore he carried - the other*
that he meant to take with him; and I
was in a mind to fling them all 1 away
upon the" wind} but yet X chose ;to kee»
them, no I gathered' them tt» from the
girdle of tt"wh^m«ran4 from £•
heart of the ants*, nest . aad^laeed them
in safety and sealed them with the seal
of Chinkakko.
told you. wen* out, went out before his
warriors and met white men with rlflee
that slew at a mile distant. He' fell and
Ion* rivil now ft has returned Into
Batonca territory, and, by virtue .of my
kingship, belongs to me/- Quick! Bid the
woman take. It from off her. forehead!"
But Wlnstbne had not noted the awi
and respect of th» Batoncaa toward the
fetich' for no thin*. He appreciated Its
possible priceless value at this Juncture
and determined to Dlay a big jam*. f
*"O, King Pombal" he cried, "let It be
known that the fetich confer* sover
eignty and that th» dark hidden gods,
who control men's lives and crown mon
archs and dethrone them at will, have
chosen the white queen to take the place
of Pomba have sent the white queen
from afar *to the great tribe of the Ba
toncaa. The sign of power, the *"»«/
of the hidden gods, la upon her forehead,
and there Is no strength In ten thousand
spears that" can avail against one chosen
of the gods."
j "What mad speech Is this?" roared
back the Klnjf. "Am I a child to be
Jit any rate th* Batoncas presently ranV
Ished, and Meldrum's expedition was left
in peace for a while.
Wlnstone hastily put the case to hisv
friend and explained how. In his Judg
ment, the Golden Fetich might, after all.
prove the salvation of the expedition and
the means whereby the > main object
¦ houM yet be achieved.
"Pomba knows where your jeweler's
shop is—that's very clear. The cold
blooded brute killed the poor beggar who
found them, then hid them somewhere
and sealed the treasure with the seal of
Chinkakko —whatever that means."
"It means this strange design on the
fetich, J expect," hazarded Roy. "But
what's our next move?" ne continued.
"Shall we wait for the two days? I sup
pose we must. Anyway, that will give
E>an time to rejoin U3." ¦
"Yes. and meantime I must take a les
son or two from Mabruki- The chap
says he knows Batonca, or a little of it—
so I'm elad we didn't hang him. We
tnust appeal to the mass of these people
through their superstition and reverence
|or the Golden Fetich. My own belief
at that our friend Pomba has foes in his
>wn household. If we could get his war
riors to mutiny against him. wo might
•core a bloodless victory after all. and
witness the exhilarating spectacle of Miss
Ogilvie crowned Queen of the Batoncas In
right of the Golden Fetich; but that would
lead to a good many subsequent difficul
ties. My hope is that Pobmba. seeing dan
ger, and perhaps not too certain of how
his troops would like making war against
their blessed Chinkakko, will climb down
and hand over the gems in exchange for
the fetich."
Mabruki's alleged knowledge of Baton
ea amounted to vary little, but some few
useful words proved to b* at hi* com
mand and half a dozen phrases waff
learned by Winstcno and Meldrum. Thes*
they taught their little force and it was
explained that, should It be neceesary to «
fight th« people of th* land, they must T
advance to battle shouting: "W* con
quer under Chinkakkot" "Tha guardian
•f ths Batoncas leads us to victory I**
"The whit* queen Is th* chos*n of Chia
kakko!"
Winstona hoped that th*a* war criw
might carry weight, and h» also trusted
that the King's bodyguard—those Baton
caa who had seen the fetich and witness
ed Bessie's kindly Intentions toward
them—would blaxe abroad the wonder
among their friends.
Later in the day. with a vi*w to g*t
tlng general information of the land and
ascertaining the position of BangUlo.
King Pomba's capital. Meldrum, Black
bird, Mabruki and two others of tha hard
iest and speediest from among the Sou
danese started Just before sunset for a
nocturnal survey of the adjacent Baton
ca headquarters. A full moon would light
them and as there was but one main road
carved through the thick forests from the
old capital to the new, no chanca of a
mistake existed.. Any force sent against
the expedition would have to meet Mel
drum and his scouts.
'
They took their Winchesters only, and
thus lightly cumbered proceeded at the
trot and made rapid progress. The
ground sloped southwesterly when two
miles of the forest had been traversed,
and as the moon flooded the plain with
light and the river with silver. MeldruiSf
who had called a halt of ten minutes on
leaving the woods, walked forward some
fifty yards alone.
An open space, much trampled and ,
evidently used for meetings or cere
monies here extended. It was surround
ed on the three sld«s by the woods, while
on the fourth side a path wound down
ward to the valley plains, and far be
low, on both sides of the Wambasl, glim
mered the thatched Leehlve roofs of
BangUlo.
It appeared a colony of exceptional size,
spread under the moon; and though the
night was now far advanced no imme
diate signs of slumber had yet overtaken
the native settlement. Red lights gleamed
and twinkled everywhere, hurrying hither
and thither, like sparks on a piece of
paper that has Just been burned: and
presently from this winding, ever-chang
ing galaxy of torches, a definite forma
tion took shape and a little shining band,
dwarfed by distance to a mere worm of
fire, crept out of Bangillo and slowly as
cended the hill in the direction of Roy.
As this troop departed Meldrum noticed
that the bustle and stir behind it ceased,
and before the detachment under its
ruddy torches had proceeded a mile from
the village, all lights had been extin
guished about the dwelling houses and
streets. Bangillo slept, but the red worm
climbed onward until Meldrum saw that
It was approaching by th* steep path up
the» hill and would soon be wher* h* him
self was standing.
The extreme smallness of th* natlv*
forca now approaching impressed Bx>*
not a little and served to render th* l£?
cident void of alarm. Five and twmnty
to thirty persons represented tha full
strength, of the procession, and as they
came nearer, under nickering torchlight.
Meldrum made out som* detail. ob
served that many figures In fantastlo %
raiment marched together, that a litter,
on which lay a single shape, was car
ried in tha midst, and that ons maa of
great size with torchbeaxers on his
right and left marched at th* h*ad ez
the approaching company.
Guessing that their destination was th*
open space at tha edge o* th* wood be
hind him, Roy now fell back and In
formed his companions of th* approach
ing procession. A hasty survey ©f til*
meeting place showed a rise of roojfr
stones at its center and on* loftl*r boul
der In the midst. This hypaathral cham
ber was evidently much fragmented, and
Meldrum suspected It must b* a sort
of parliament house or council ball of th*
tribe.
Immediately outs'd* th* ring appeared
another stone, - black with, blood loos
shed, while also at hand lay th* eharr*d
ashes of numerous fires — Indications
that led the beholder to ehang* his
mind and assume ha stood within som*
grim Golgotha or place of sacriflo* acd
execution.
Now. however, came «sounds of ap
proaching voices and tha torchlight
and moonlight strove for mastary.
whereupon Meldrum and his party fell
back into the frlnga of tha forest, and
there in safe htdltg, watched tha Baton
cas. Some thirty of them appeared, set
their torches in a ring around the circle
of stones and immediately busied them
selves about various matters. .,i
Their burden they first deposited upon
the ground; then ten aged men. attired
in bizarre garments of many colors,
sat round the stone rostrum: their gi
gantic leader mounted it to harangue
them from tha summit; whllo the rest
of the party wcr9 active with prepara
tions among the dead fires close by.
These men planted two heavy tree
stumps, each six feet high, at a distance
of six yards apart, then built up be
tween them a square and solid pile of
brushwood.
Meantime Mabrukl. at Meldrum's far.
translated, as best he could, the speech
of Pomba to his medicine m«n. For
Pomba himself it was who presided at
this weird scene of fiery words and sav
age de*ds under the silver mnon
"Know, my wonder-workers and ye.
honored fathers of my kingdom that
thlnrs are come about that call for ac
tions. The spirit of M'wenga moves
where in time past ha reigned a kin?,
and. In the song of the river and the
rustle of the ripe seeds on high trees, he
Has spoken to me.
"Chinkakko has come again! Chink
akko is at our doors! How. then must
we regain the treasure, the guardian of
the Batoncas, so that our light may be
lifted ud among the nations and the sad
spirit of M'wenga sleep in peact? I will
tell you. even as the ghost of a greater
than I told me.
"These white people are. strong because
Chinkakko is with them; that Is their
only strength. There Is a Hand that holds
the scales and a Voice that calls fr>* a
great sacrifice from me—the sacrlflc*\>f
that which is most precious to me In the
wide world. For my people I would give
my life: but that is not demanded from
me. Tha Voice spoke and bid me seek.
my Familiar Spirit, and I spok* with him.
as you know, and he made answer thus:
THE SUNDAY CALL.
CHAPTER XTTTt
2THE SUNDAY CALL.
skins, bright spearheads and swaying pie
bald shields, the savages fought In clouds
of dust, hacking, stabbing, disemboweling
and shrieking like demons. Everywhere
along the struggling lines, in the wild
whirl of writhing figures and spattered
blood, they were at death grips, tearing
at each others' throats, stabbing, rending,
slaughtering and being slaughtered.
Maimed men fought on till they were
knocked upon the head; strong men leaped
over the twisting bodies of their stricken
companions; here a dozen went down in
a glittering mass, like a Rugby football
scrimmage; but few ever rose to their
feet again; here dusty, bloody fiends
forced a way through their enemies, then
turned with reeking knives to hack a
road back again; here Individuals, separ
ated from their friends and foes, fought
hand to hand, wrestling and falling and
blindly groping with dying hands or seek
ing with eyes already growing dim. for
fallen knife or spear.
A noise like the etob and flow of a
heavy sea rose from th« battle, and It
was soon apparent that their aid most
be given quickly and freely. So. revolv
er in hand, they plunged into the line and
strove to support the swaying Sags.
which waved along the face of the fight.
All the banners still stood. Then a
sudden sortie threatened one. and Mel
drum, calling to Mabnikl and Blackbird,
made for the spot H« was fighting with
a clubbed Winchester, and the butt of
the weapon showed the hideous nature of
the blows it had dealt Now, himself cov
ered with blood and a spectacle of terror,
Roy went forward, and In a moment had
mowed a way for himself through the
enemy. He turned Instantly and fought
his way back, while Blackbird performed
the same feat with equal success.
But Mabnikl was less fortunate. The
poor fellow slipped, recovered, slipped
again and went down, while before Roy
could reach him half a dozen spears had
passed through his body. A second later
two of the men who had killed the Arab
were themselves dead on top of him. one
with a smashed skull and scattered
brains, another shot by Blackbird. Then
the hunter and Roy struggled clear from
the conquering advance of their friends
to note how the battle raged elsewhere
and at what point their aid was most
required.
On one side Winstone's small force had
joined Latossi. and success was attending
them, for they were fighting In splendid
order and with a solid front that crum
bled the opposition before It They moved
over gory red ground and the reek of
blood hung in the air behind them.
But to the rfght Roy's friends appeared
to be barely holding their own. Here the
Batoncas were unaided, for the full force
of the Zanzabarls and Soudanese was now
thrown Into the center of the battle, and
Meldrum saw with alarm that many of
his own men lay among the black corpses
that strewed the hillside.
Neither Ogilvle nor Fain was visible, and
Meldrum only had Blackbird and a one
armed Zanzibar! at his back, but, pick-
Ing up a loaded rifle from a' dead man.
he pushed ahead with the others, and soon
his presence Inspired his followers with
confidence and checked a threatened
panic.
The expedition was now gaining ground,
and the combined forces under Roy had
carved their way to the plain. Desperate
fighting still continued; then an unpre
meditated action went far to decide the
Issue. #
Up aloft Dan Hook, finding that the
battle was retreating from beneath him,
and never for en instant In his own mind
doubting Its final Issue, proceeded to near
er quarters, and the few Batoncas told
off to stand by him now advanced gladly
enough under Bessie's great green and
white flag.
Even through the din of the battle the
shouts of the approaching company
could be heard, and the cry of "Chlnkak
ko! Chinkakko comes!" fell on the* ears
of a foe already worsted at most points.
A last frantic effort the veteran Baton
cas made, and at the bitter end of the
battle those that could do so stood and
fought like despairing* demons. For a
terrible five minutes, that seemed to the
onlookers a century, the -alance trem
bled, but fate was on the side of the
smaller and stronger battalions.
The encounter had much diminished In
extent, and now, instead of ranging over
half a mile of hillside Mt centered to a
point Here. In smoke and smother of
dust and blood, the exhausted warriors of
Pomba made their last stand and dealt
death to right and left, killing two for
one.
But though they knew It not. the lines
behind them were in flight, for Pomba
himself, who watched the battle from a
knoll upon the plain, had hastened off th«
field, knowing defeat to be but a question
of minutes, and behind him retreated
many of his soldiers.
"The king has fled! Your king has
given you to us!" shrieked Meldrum's
men when the truth crept through the
battle, and upon that all fighting ceased
as if by magic.
.Without a king or commander the sav
ages would risk their lives no more, and
now they flung down their arms and will
ingly surrendered to the victorious ser
vants of Chinkakko.
So the battle of Bangillo ended.* and th»
conquerors had breathing space to look
about them and count the cost.
CHAPTER XXVL
DEATH OF .JNO POMBA.
When the duration of the* battle came
to be considered It was seen that the death
roll had proven terribly heavy. About
equal numbers of the Batoncaa had fallen
as a result of their hand-to-hand encoun
ter, but ere they met Meldrum's guns had
gone far to equalize the contending forces,
and more than 200 of the savages wer»
slain by bullets before and after they
joined issue with their opponents.
Another hundred or so had been wound
ed and put out of action before- the civil
battle of Batonca against Batonca began,
and in round numbers, at th« end of th»
conflict not 400 uninjured members of
Pomba's force were left upon the field to
acknowledge Chlnkakko victorious.
Another 100 or more had fled with their
king, and the total number of killed and
wounded amounted to nearly TOO men — an
extraordinarily high proportion consider
ing that Pomba's total force hardly ex
ceeded 1300. Of these more than 300 were
slain outright; while, upon the other hand,
Meldrum had lost about 2S0 Batoncaa
killed and 100 wounded, while eight of the
Zanzlbaris were slain. Including poor
Mabrukl, and two of the Soudanese*.
Four Zanzlbaris were wounded, no&a
dangerously; two wera missing; and of
the heads of the combined fores, Roy
himself and the king's son, Latoul, wera
wounded; Wlnstone was safe; Bcsalo,
Dan Hook and their euard were all un
hurt, and Richard Ogilvle and Tracy Fain
were both missing.
Of the second none had seen any ilga
since the original attack on the hlllsldo;
of -the first, several of the Zanzlbarla
avowed that on Pomba's retreat. OgUvla,
who was the first to witness it had called
a dozen Batoncas to him. addressed them
hurriedly In their own language and led
them into Bangillo.
Continued on Page 5.
to-morrow. Kiss me— there J, Strange it
is, but my brain stands still when I think
of you. I cannot realize. yet that you are
my 'daughter Elizabeth. I remember her
as though it was yesterday — a tiny round
eyed-thing, at her mother's breast And
now she is a woman, and providence has
willed that she shall be the first factor in
her unhappy father's salvation."
He left Bessie In her tent, and*Buhganl.
according to custom, laid his own blanket
at the entrance and curled up within call
of his mistress. ;
-And then the noise and Jangle of steel
gradually subsided and the camp slept,
while only the dark forms of the watch
men" prowled < around Its outskirts under
the moon to the wakeful thunder of the
river. f \
Before a first white finger of approach
ing" dawn was laid upon the forehead of
the Golden Falls, Roy Meldrum had
blown his bugle, half a hundred fires had
sprung into being and the little army sat
busy at breakfast. None of the camp fur
niture was taken, but the force, in full
fighting trim, set forth, with nothing but
their gourd water bottles and weapons of
war.
Each regiment comprised a hundred Ba
toneas. under their own leaders. Of th.ese
thefe were four, and all went forward the
prouder for one of the flags manufactured
by Ogilvle. while Latossl, with a body of
ISO men, marched next, and the Zanzlbaris
with the Soudanese. Meldrum. Fain and
Ogilvle brought up the rear of the flght
ing'men.
Dan Hook had undertaken the task of
commanding, the little bodyguard of-Bes
site,* and Bunganl carried her flag. They
were to show themselves upon the hill
side.when the fight began; but Dan was
to look to It that they never approached
within spearshbt of the combatants.
As each detachment reached the Death
Place of the Batoneas it drew^ up out of
sight of the plain beneath, and then,
when his army was assembled, Meldrum
stole forward to look for Wlnstone's sig
nal. But he ¦ found It possible to com
municate with his friend by a scout, as
Winstone 'was only a quarter of a mile or
less down I the hill, and Mabrukl soon
crept unnoticed to his ambush.
. His Lordship reported that, with the
exception of one body of the Batoneas,
about 100 strong, who had. left Bangillo
at dawn and were now posted in a rocky
fastness within 800 yards of the summit
of the mountain, the road was clear to
the plain beneath.
Far below, Pomba's troops were astir
and moving out of, the capital. As yet
scarcely half of them had taken the field,
and not a moment was to be lost if Roy's
forces desired to reap the advantage of
their early start. Now the smaller army
advanced and the blacks moved steadily
and swiftly, keeping wonderful forma
tion considering the steepness and rough
ness of the way.
The regiments proceeded at great pace,
and Roy,, with Fain, four of the best
Zanzibarls, three Soudanese and fifty of
the Batoncas, advanced at the double to
sweep before them the enemy hidden on
the hillside in the rocky pile ahead. But
the Batoncas posted here had vantage of
ground and, though unprepared for any
attack, they, made instant preparation
upon finding themselves discovered, and
greeted Meldrum's force with a shower of
spears, which dropped two men before a
shot was fired.
Wlnstone from his secret hiding place
cursed his big friend's method of attack,
but Meldrum pushed Impetuously for
ward, ' and soon little puffs of smoke
leaped along the hillside as the Zanzl
baris,' Fain and Roy opened fire.
A couple of volleys brought the Baton
cas tumbling out of the rocks, and soon
the rival forces Joined in a swaying,
struggling mass, while the sharp, inces
sant crackle of revolver fire proclaimed
that Roy and his companions were in the
thick of It with their black friends. The
position was rushed In less than five min
utes, but at heavy cost ° , .
When all was practically over Meldrum
himself charged five of the foe hemmed
like rats in a trap between some heavy
boulders open above to the sky. But their
position rendered the warriors desperate,
and, after one had fallen, Roy discovered
that his revolver was empty.
Other weapon he had none, for he had
flung down his rifle outside the opening,
and now, at close quarters, he dropped a
second Batonca by hurling- his heavy re
volver at him. It hit the naked man over
the heart and he went down like a stone,
but. at the same moment his companions
were upon their huge enemy, and a spear
gashed open his shoulder. He hit out and
staggered the man; then he felt another
stab- on the face, and was turning again
when two more Batoncas sprang from
hiding and advanced at a run to iheir
companions.
Meldrum was hidden from the eyes of
his own party, but had Just time to .raise
one. tremendous shout He set his back
to the rocks and must, one moment later,
have perished In that position, for two
spears thrown simultaneously from
close quarters would both have transfixed
him.-but between Meldrum and this flying
death, like some shield of a tutelary god
dess dropped from heaven, there fell or
leaped a heavy object from the rock
above. In this the spears buried them
selves and Meldrum, blinded by the blood
that poured from his face, slipped at the
same moment and half rolled down a
sharp declivity between the rocks.
'His shout had brought half a dozen
friendly Batoncas to his aid, and they
now climbed upward and slaughtered
their, caged enemy, while Meldrum, stag
gering back to where he had left his
rifle, reloaded it, bound up his head and
pushed on down the hill as fast as ha
was able.
.Firing had now become general, and
the riflemen at long range were making
very good practice on the dense ranks of
thV Batoncas. They poured. In a steady
fusillade from a position above their own
black friends, and Ogilvle. seeing the ad
vantage of this maneuver, now signaled
to Winstone to brine up his force, for
every shot was telling at a range of a
quarter of a mile, and the powerless Ba
toncas could do nothing.
As Wlnstone came Into position and
added his fire to the rest. Roy regained
the. ranks. Then, after enduring another
volley, the enemy, at a word of command,
began to open out, in order to lessen their
losses.
To hold back the Batoncas under the
Chlnkakko banners was no light task at
this juncture, but at length, as Pomba's
forces received . the word to charge, Mel
drum, only waiting until the veterans of
the enemy were on the foothills of the
slope, released hli own party and the bat
tle began in earnest
Behind the oncoming foe, however, ex
tended a brim black lino of dead and dy
ing, and Winston* computed that Pom
ba's active warriors must exceed those of
the expedition by little more than 200
when the actual crash of contact came.
Meldrum, with advantage of ground,
looked like holding the day at first but
the old soldiers began -to do terrible exe
cution at close quarters, and soon the hill
was running red* streams of blood upon
its dusty face.
Under the gleam of th« rising sun,
where It flashed on shining, sweating
A spirit of disaffection spread, like wild
fire among .the ypunger-- troops, and La
tossi, * Pomba's own son, r fostered It.
Every man . regarded his „ neighbor, with
suspicion, and the" air "was. full'of dread
and danger, of 'pending "change and '¦¦ of
the murmur of frightened men i .and
women.- .••"•;'¦ ; \
, Pomba, however, stood% firm. \- He had
determined to use his army v. while yet it
acknowledged him, and fight. ; the in
truders to the death. 'thus giving the tim
id' and fearful an object lesson. rHe hdr
angued the troops , and pretended' not*' to
observe the spirit abroad among them.
His words Inspired . some I doubtful .war
riors, but they could not stem the pend
ing wave of flight ; v ,;¦.;¦-;;.'¦• ¦. \
The veterans stood firm and were pre
pared to fight for Pomba .while, life was
In them, but, ¦', under;; cover off night and
by secret and preconcerted signals, ' many
hundreds of the younger meri crept singly
and In small parties out^of Bangillo", slew
the trusty puards of- the- main entrance;
who were there to prevent this - action,
then departed .to gather at the Death
•Place under Latossl. Thence.' by a swift
march" the -rebels reached "Meldrum's
campatdayllght'.; | -;•',.
Now they announced their intention to
enlist under Chlnkakko, and this "attitude
and determination in & body amply large
enough to have wiped out Meldrum's en
tire force, had it so desired, naturally,.de
manded a, gra ve .conference. :-. ; . •
."Our hands'/are forced,'.' 'declared Win
stone. "If ' we refuse these" beggars" oor
support they will grow desperate and very
likely revenge themselves on* us.'- Certain
it is that they; cannot go back now.: Their
own side will .'Cut ,them to pieces If. they
do. The question Is, are we strong enough
with this reinforcement to make a" fair
.show against Pomba,V He won't yield,,ap
parently, though I should- have Imagined
a man of his .brains . would have gladly
handed over, the r precious stones in ¦ ex
change for . our "still more precious Chin*
kakko." ,; „• •. •¦•¦¦.' ¦ _•;,-; . ". .. .• ' ,
"What guns have you ?'-'.: asked Richard
Ogllvie. .'.'With,' say, .thirty repeating
rifles and 'men w,ho can use;them, added
to "those, black troops, ;- you would have ' a
good chance' of , beating Pomba. Hecom
nfands rather more than a thousand men,
still— say' 1250. . And they're better troops
than these, because older and experienc
ed. " However, I understand them pretty
well by this time. If you've got thirty re
peaters and can rely upon the men's
shooting, you ought to win."
"Thirty-two, as a matter of fact," said
Meldrum.
¦ "Then go ahead. Accept the service of
these people; make blood brotherhood
with Latossl, who Is a very, gaol Bacon
ca, and promise him the throne of the
kingdom In a week." ,••
Ogilvie's advice was. followed.' Meldrum,
through Bessie's father, proclaimed that
Chlnkakko received .the warriors gjadly,
and as the Batoneas brought two days'
rations for 600 men with them they were
welcome enougqh In more ways than cne.
Roy now decided to~waste.no time in
'giving battle and It was determined to
march against Bangillo at dawn on tna
following morning. . - :".'..-.
All that day stragglers kept dropping
In from Pomba's forces, and they brought
news that the King, still • obdurate and
alive to what he must expect, was fortify
ing Bangillo In some measure to protect
the women and children, -but he had de
cided . that the pending 'battle should be
fought upon the plain, .< outside the city
stockades. Here, immediately below the
steep tracks that wound down from thS
Death Place to the valley : . beneath; Pom
ba,'. meant to challenge the further ap
proach of. his enemies. • •..-•••¦ - % '¦ • ; ¦=
"His plan will be to hem us in and he
will .probably hays . a good' force hidden
on. the mountain 'Side, In such, a position
that It can rush down upon us from above
after we have - descended, "_ "explained
Ogilvie; J'but our object Is otherwise. We
must' 'clear the. way as we go— both to
right a-.d left— then use the hill as a base.
Our i.xu.0, must do all they can to lessen
the numbers against us before the Baton
eas meet at close quarters. Once they
are at the grips It will b&*difflcult to
know who are friends and who are foes."
That night the order of battle was ar
ranged and Pomba's son informed of the
part he and his warriors must take. He
showed great intelligence and offered
several practical hints from- his personal
knowledge and experience of such . sav
age-warfare as lay before .them. ; . ;*.
After dark an advance column of fifty
Batoneas and five Zanzibarls with Wln
stone and Blackbird,, set out to' establish
themselves on the hillside overlooking
Bangillo. It was hoped by this means
to anticipate the enemy and prevent the
establishment of any seer 3t force that
might subsequently attack . • Meldrum's
army from the rear at a critical moment
in the battle.
The hillside was, up to the present, at
the mercy of either party and such was
its constitution that a thousand men
might have lain concealed in its patches
of dense brush and broken piles of vol
canic rock. A system of signals, wit f a
red, white and yellow handkerchiefs for
flags, was hastily arranged between Mel
drum and Wlnstone, and each carefully
conied the code. .- " *
Thus on reaching the top of the hill
next morning Roy would learn where his
party was posted and at what point, if
any, the Batoneas lay. Supposing a com
pany of them to be concealed on the high
ground, Meldrum's first move would be
to charge them and sweep them into the
valley before him. ,•».--
Few slept that night All looked to
their arms; the riflemen ..received 200
rounds apiece, and while Meldrum,. ar
ranged for Bessie and a' strongly armed
force to remain well at the" rear, upon the
following day and be under no-imme
diate danger at any time. Offilvie bor
rowed the golden fetich. and, having: cut
half a dozen gaudy flags from the rolls
of brightly colored fabrics, with his
daughter's aid, he stitched upon each the
black design of Chinkakko on a huge
scale. • ¦ ' -. ¦ ¦ . -
'Our fellows will hold these, rags sa
cred," he explained, "for they have the
badge of the guardian of the tribe upon
them, and where a flag waves there will
be Batoneas to protect It while; they can
crawl. The biggest— this white and green
one — I shall hammer to a* lofty, pole to
morrow and it. must ¦ be • carried - before
you. The niggers are fighting for the
white queen, the possessor of Chlnkakko;
remember that." s '
"The more they see of me the better,
then," said Bessie. • . ,- . . . . ...
"Yes; it will put heart into them, but
be cautious.. God knows, that I would
never forgive myself and Meldrum would
never forgive me If harm ' happened to
you through word of mine.", >•- v •
."You are my dear father," she said.
"I cannot accustom myself i to the word
ret. But It 1 is very beautiful to ' me to
speak it And you— you will run Into no
danger either. . You are old now and you
have suffered enough.!' ' - •'. ¦ , •,• " / ><
"Do not fear for me. I want my own
that Is all. I have suffered enough, as
you say. I can only revenge a part of It
But there is one must answer to me for
what is mine and for the hell on earth
my years have been; there Is one traitor
[ would— but what idle, talk Is, this! Come,
child, take your rest and pray to God for
those who are dearest to you In the world
me In mind of others that were at some
time or another familiar to me." "•„
. At this moment Bessie's voice reached
Meldrum's ear. She had Just taken, a
little dish, of . soup to the beehive tent , of
straw, where the stranger lay sleeping,
and now, a moment later, her loud scream
startled Meldrum, who hastened to the
spot accompanied by Winstone and Fain
and followed by several of the Zanzlbaris.
Within the little chamber Bessie lay
extended # ln a dead faint, while the
"stranger- sat up amid his blankets and
looked .with wild gray eyes at the ap
proaching men. .' ¦'- \
"What In God's name is, this? What
has happened? I was dreaming of days
long past and living again my youthful
life, when a scream i cut short -my
dreams and I awoke to find this girl
lying here at my feet Insensible."
The Zanzlbaris peeped and chattered at
the entrance;- Wlnstone answered the un
known one and Roy set about restoring
his sweetheart.
Bessie had evidently been much moved
or startled, for .the girl did not faint
easily; but seeing that It was her cry
that had awakened the sleeper, it ap
peared difficult to -understand what had
happened \ to . occasion her such concern.
Soon, however, she came to her senses
and then explained what had occurred.
In his sleep the rescued sufferer was
living again the life of the past and a
name upon his tongue roused the girl's
interest, while his subsequent utterances
chained It.
The man indeed .was Richard Ogilvte,
the long: lost wanderer, the brother of
Alister Ogilvle and the father of Eliza
beth. .
The parent and child, thus miraculous
ly restored each to the other, .were left
together awhile, for Bessie had now re
covered and was well able to tel\ her
story to her father and acquaint him
with the death of his wife, and the ter
rible end of his brother.. .
. In camp, meantime,' there were • mat
ters to occupy all hands, and at sunset
Dan Hook and his party returned,, with
four. days' rations. The Bailor's trip had
proved . uneventful, for_ outside Batonca
territory the natives continued both
friendly and willing to trade.
Profound agitation had. fallen upon
Richard Ogilvle after Vhe. knowledge that
¦ his only child, whom he remembered as
an Infant more than twenty years before;
now stood beside him.
Bessie, who had naturally aroused these
deep emotions, did all In her power : to
soothe them. But It proved not easy, and
her* own heart was throbbing at the dis
covery "• that her father yet lived. The
man was In no condition to discuss the
affairs of the expedition that night, and
Roy decided not to Challenge his atten
tion until the following day. .'
"To-morrow we will question him con
cerning the Batoneas and their strength.
To : night we. will" let him delight in his
daughter In peace. . Poor fellow! It was
his likeness to his brother that puzzled
me," said Lord Winston*.
"To think that we have rescued a man
—and this, man— from death. To think
that Bessie should , have i>een sent as : a
sort of guardian", angel to her own
father!," declared Meldrum, and the other
nodded. . ,:¦ . , • , : .-..."
"Pomba said truly at our first metelng
that the world is a mighty small place."
Until near the dawn Bessie talked with
her father, and Meldrum presently Joined
them and listened to the strange Incidents
of Richard Opllvle's eventful life, while
for the rest, Lord Wlnstone, v anticipating
a busy day on the morrow, turned in as
soon as posible.and Fain absented him
self, feeling that he belongeoT'no more to
the united little*- party that had faced so
much and whose anxieties V,and< experi
ences were not yet at an end. ': Now; he
only desired to make a cleahvbreast to
Roy, and cared nothing what; might hap
pen after his confession. '4* \
A day of uneventful peace succeeded
upon these Incidents, a day spent chiefly
In listening to Richard Ogilvie's strange
story of his savage life, but upon the fol
lowing morning, while breakfast was In
progress, considerable numbers of the Ba
toneas began appearing upon the edges
of the adjacent forest They were In war
array and evidently designed a combined
approach if not attack.
Lord* Wlnstone scrutinized them care
fully through his field glasses, then turned
and spoke.
"They look like fighting. 'I'm afraid.
Better call the men to quarters. A good
few of their leaders accompany the force,
as far as I can make out. but I don't see
their riant king among them."
i CHAPTER XXV.
THE BATTLE OP BANGILLO.
But Ogilvle It was who allayed the Im
mediate alarm of M-ldrum and his
friends. Attired in a suit of Tracy Fain's,
the rescued man moved about camp with
wonderiul briskness and spirit, and now
he borrowed Wlnstone' s glasses, but re
turned them again after one glance at
the coming force.
"They don't mean fighting," he said;
"at least, their signals are friendly.
These people are a part of Pomba's army
—not his. veterans— but about 600 or 600
of the youneer men. Rather more than
a quarter of the total troops, I should
guess. They are coming to talk, either
with a message from him or on their own
account. Pomba's son. Latossl, Is with
them; so they've probably arrived with
a letter of u.*imatum of some sort.
They're carrying p:x>vislons, too; I can't
understand that."
Presently certain of the chiefs Includ
ing Latossl, approached, and Meldrum
and Winstone, with a bodyguard, and
Richard Ogilvie to Interpret, went out of
camp to meet them. Then the nature of
the visit appeared and news of a re
markable dissension In the councils of
the Batoneas was made public
Utmost discord Indeed prevailed. The
nation was divided against itself, and the
party now awaiting Roy's. word had se
ceded and SDllt from the rest of Pomba's
army, belnsr moved thereto by recent
events and a superstitious convlctlon'that
bnly under the sign of the returned Chln
kakko could Batoneas expect to fight and
conquer. The recent failure of his pro
posed sacrifice had crone far to deepen
an Inner ferment throughout Pomba's
army.
Thanks to Ogilvle and his years of in
struction, something like modern military
order and severity prevailed amid the
Batonca forces, and their training had
showed Itself In many triumphs: but be
fore the shattering advent of the white
Queen and the golden fetich even the
high discipline of these savage regiments
was, not proof.
Efforts had been made by Pomba to
hide his moonlit disasters at the Death
Place, and It was given out on the follow
ing morning by the medicine men that
the familiar spirit had been duly sacri
ficed and that success must now attend
the King; but truth on such a matter
could not be concealed for long.
It became known that under Chlnkak
ko the white • men had rescued Pomba's
familiar from the j death prepared for
him, and this Intelligence confirmed many
in their determination to go over to the
struct him In all that I knew of civiliza
tion. In exchange he allowed me my life,
and I, cur that I have been, clung to the
wretched existence Fate put upon me.
Now, now I begin to hope it was all a
dream, that my hair has not grown gray
in captivity; that my life has not been
running to rot through years "•* without
count."
"It is no dr^am; but now you are free.
Tell me one thing and I" will trouble you
no more. Did Pomba owe his lfe to >qu?
Was It you he struck from . behind when
you were about to escape from the Baton
eas T That he did this I khoyr from his
own lips, but I understood from him that
he had slain his master."
"Not so; I am the man. He meant to
kill me and I rolled over and believed as
I felt the steel through my back that all
was ended. But I did not die; I was even
nursed and kept alive that I. might afford
some sport at another time. And then the
king In those days, one M'wenga, went to
war and lost his life,- and Englishmen
were within half a day's march of me and
never knew it!
"Pomba, instead of slaying me, as the
other had proposed, decided that 1 should
live, and proclaimed me his familiar
spirit before the nation. For years, how
many you know better than I,, I.
have dwelt with the Batoneas. Some
times I thought to kill myself, but life is
precious under any circumstances and I
lived on.
"That is the outline of my story. The
details will take long to fill in, but now
relieve my own curiosity a little. Who
are you and how did it' come about you
were hidden at the very spot on which
I was to be brutally murdered? What
can you do In the heart of this cursed
land?"
"I will tell you everything." answered
Roy, "but first one question more. The
precious stones you had hidden — what of
them? Where are they now?" . > .
"My emeralds and rubies and diamonds!
Why, it Is years since I so much as
thought of them. I hid the bulk of them
In an ants' nest beside the Golden Falls.
I was writing a description of my hiding
place when Pomba's knife passed into
my back. That man! I would have trust
ed him with untold gold— indeed, I did so,
for he had my secret; he knew where th-3
treasure was buried. Now, please God,
I may stand face to face with the fiend
once more — only once more."
"And you heard no more of your treas
ure afterward?" ' .
"Never a word. Sometimes . I specu
lated drearily on the value of It, hidden
in the molderlng ants' nest; and I also
wondered what became of those gems I
had concealed upon my person when I
was struck down, for I remained long
insensible, and after I came to myself
the precious stones were gone." ,
"Pomba could have told you," said
Meldrum, and he proceeded to describe
the Incident of the golden fetich and
the paper it was wrapped in. * .
The white man listened with amaze
ment to the strange sequel . of his own
story; then, when the party finally
reached camp at daybreak, he ate and
drank a little, suffered Winstone to, tend
his ailments, and soon afterward sank
into comfortable repose.-.
Meldrum's adventure, as may. be Im
agined, excited the deepest Interest In
his friends, and a little council was held
among them almost as soon as their res
cued fellow-countryman slept.
"This Incident alters the entire aspect
of ¦ the position, of course," began Roy.
"I'm sorry for you, Tracy; but, after all
we've done a bigger thing by rescuing a
white man, and one who has suffered so
. much, too — we've done a bigger thing by
saving his life than we should have done
by discovering all the gems in the world."
"Yes; but the gems are his now, not
ours— that's the point," explained Mel
drum's cousin.
Fain had come near complete recovery
during the past four and twenty hours.
His mind, however, was undergoing a
great change, and the shock of his fail
ure to find the precious stones, together
with his subsequent narrow escape from
a hideous death, had tended, for the time
at any rate, to modify his ambitions, ; if
not his character.
He craved the stones no more. He#
looked back on his past with loathing
and, under present circumstances, a
thought. In his mind before the discov
ery and rescue of the owner of the stones,
ijow returned with tenfold force. He had
already determined to confess to Mel
drum, but the advent of the stranger
made it more difficult, In that the self
conscious and unhappy man feared that
his cousin would read a wrong motive
Into confession at this Juncture.
If Fain bad not explained how he "had
mutilated the document found In M'wen
ga's fetich, the writer of the missive
might himself do so. He would certainly
want to see his manuscript and was like
ly to realize that a part had been cut
off from the rest.
The moment was not opportune for pri
vate conversation with Meldrum, how
ever, and the contrite and smitten sinner
said no more at that time. Wlnstone con
tinued, and his advice appeared sound
enough.
"More we cannot do now, and to beat ,
a retreat before the overwhelming odds
represented by the Batoneas Is only com
mon sense. We know exactly where the
treasure is, and if we work north up
to Tanganyika we shall soon reach mis
sionary settlements and can there refit,
or from there return with a strong party
to the coast. This is not to abandon our
goal altogether. Let Jhis old man grow
better of his ulcers and he will put him
self at the head of anpther expedition
and with his knowledge of the country
and' people, probably achieve his object.
But to try and secure his treasures for
him at present appears to me beyond our
power."
"I'm for waiting- a little myself," de
clared Roy. Then Blackbird, with gTeat
humility, asked to be permitted to speak.
"It dis way, gem'mem. T*lngs Is bery
difficult wif Marse Pomba now, 'cause
ebberyting go wrong wlf him. We near
kill de great man last night, an' we take
his familiar spirit away from him in the
name ob Chlnkakko. So he go back to
his people, an' dey hear dat Chlnkakko
hab conquered again. What dey tink ob
dat. sars? Why, dey begin tink Chinkak
ko's stronger dan Pomba." ' • /
"By Jove, you're right, and I'm wrong!"
said Wlnstone, frankly. "I had not
thought of the significance jof this last
incident. We must wait, certainly. I
hoped great things from the Chinkakko,
after that first interview,- but I'd forgot
ten the thing before this startling de
velopment.* To think that this poor chap
has been living as a savage King's
familiar spirit for all these years! " By
the way, what was his name?"
"Blessed if I asked him." answered
Meldrum. "Shouldn't blame him If he'd
forgotten it. What of his health? Is.
there any chance that he'll pull-through?"
"Every chance. He has suffered a bit
from neglected ailments and lack of prop
er physics; but he has a powerful frame,
and his reserves of strength are by no
means worn out. The marvel to me is
his intellect Is clear and unclouded
through it all. The man's face bothers
me, curiously enough. Haggard and hairy
though It is, his features constantly put
'What is that which .is most precious in
the wide world to you. King PombaT
And I said, 'You, my Familiar Spirit, are
most precious in the wide world to me. 1
Then he said: Take me, then, by night
to the death place and burn me alive, so
that my inner demon shall return to the
stars. Do this, if you love your peopU
more than you lpve yourself. And it shall
happen that you prevail instantly against
the white men and blot thertT from the
land of the living, and regain the guard
ian of the Batoneas. Chtnkakko. the
fetich of cold. And that shall take my
place as your Familiar Spirit, for when
their guardian is restored \ to the tribe
you will want me no more.'
"Thus he spoke, and I obey him. for
love of my people, and make this sreat
sacrifice, that my warriors may stiffen
their knees and find their hearts stout
against their enemy. My black ants shall
travel forth against these white ants ana
devour them altogether, so that there is
not a bone of their white bodies but shall
be ground to powder and flung into the
'It is well," answered one of the old
men; -the Familiar Spirit must be burned
alive, accordlne to the word of his own
mouth. His words were good, but Pomba
has all his wisdom now. and Chlnkakko is
wiser even than the Familiar. Therefore
wo will slay him upon the fire and send
his Inner demon back again to» the
Lord of all Demons. Now bring him
forth and hang him between the pillars
by his hands and his feet and let the
flames slowly lick up his life before the
moon shall depart."
All assented to this proposition, and,
rising, th« aged men walked in proces
sion to the litter and removed its cover-
Meldrum. who had gathered from Ma
brukl the general purport of the speeches
Just recorded, was In two minds whether
to rescue the unhappy wretch who- would
now appear or let him suffer. Discretion
suggested the latter course, and he hoped
that the Familiar Spirit might prove to
be some animal other than human— a goat
or crocodile or bird.
But doubt upon the point was very
speedily dispelled, and Meldrum's heart
stood still as he watched a tall figure rise
from the. litter and stand face to face
with Pomba.
"My God!" he cried. 'It's a white man!"
CHAPTER XXIV.
A. DISCOVERY INDEED.
Roy's cry startled the savages, and the
workers hurried round their wise men,
picking up spears and shields as they
came. But the handful of aborigines
proved no match for five armed foes se
curely posted in the darkness and safety
of the wood.
A rescue was, of course, the on© thought
in Meldrum's mind, and now he called to
his men to fire a volley at the Batoneas,
then advance, shouting the war cry that
had been taught that morning.
Roy himself singled out Pomba with
purpose to shoot him, but all was now
movement, and the light of the torches
and the shadows of the night played suet
pranks upon the dark skins of the sav
ages that, even at this short range,
straight shooting proved difficult.
The dangrer of striking the strange fig
ure in their midst also appeared consid
erable. A white man he was without
chest; his bald head glimmered under th«
moonlight; his feet and hands were fast
bound; yet there lacked not- dignity in
his mien; and, upon the cry of Meldrum,
he started, then remained motionless with
his eyes shining and his face raised to
the sky. The man appeared suddenly
stricken into white marble, and presented
a marked contrast to the agitated Baton
eas, who rushed hither and thither like
frightened sheep.
The first volley dropped one warrior and
wounded two others; but Pomba was un
injured, and now his partv, ignorant of
the nun-tor of their enemy and stricken
with terror before un attack so unexpect
ed and delivered -it such clos* quarters,
hurlerf their sp«sars wildly and aimlessly
into the forest, then J'ed, :i3 Meldrum ard
his nvn crashed from tli« wood.
For a second Pora'oi hesitated, but he,
too, beat an unklagly retreat, and his
huge form showed itself capable of mar
velous e-ctivity as it vanished Into dark
ness and safety. Th* aged medicine :i;en
also decamped, and their lives were
spared, for, having l ut the would-be mur
derers to flight Moldrum desired no
slaughter, and now turned all his atten
tion 10 their Intended victim.
Pomba's familiar spirit gazed upon hla
rescuer like a man Jn :t dream. He made
some strange, inarticulate sounds, as
one Just waking from sleep, then he, lifted
both manacled hands and stretched them
cut to his deliverer Meldrum took them
in his own, and a moinant later the i.ris
oner's bonds ""were cut and .ie stood free.
"Do you know English?" asked Roy.
"It is the only language I can speak; but
we have those in camp who will under
stand any European tongue."
"You are an Englishman! It was fated
that one of my own race should set me
free."
"Strange, Indeed. But Tm m. proud man
to-day, for I've saved a life. Can you
walk, or shall a couple of my men carry
you? Are you hungry?"
"I can walk slowly. I am only stiff and
cramped. No, I am not hungry. It must
all be a dream; I shall wake presently.
I have seen some such event In visions
many times."
"No dream, thank God. Walk with me
and talk, If you are equal to it But do
not speak If you would rather not Come,
take my arm on this side, and my
servant's on the other. Did you know
they were going to kill you?"
The rescued Briton moved slowly, but
Increased his pace as he felt the support
on either elde. Meldrum sent on a speedy
Z&nzibarl to bid them make preparations
for a special meal in camp.
The stranger answered:
"Not until we reached the Death Place
did I realize that I was to be sacrificed.
The King's proclamation to his medicine
men was, of course, his own Invention,
and he is evidently beset by some difficult
and dangerous problems, the nature of
which I cannot guess. He' spoke of Chln
kakko — an old-time fetich of the tribe —
and Its return to this land; but what
should I know? I have been the prisoner
of the Batoneas for more years than I
can count. This human devil has kept me
alive for his own ends after having en
deavored to take my life in the past; and
I have dwelt a hermit's life, a slave's life,
seeing only the faces of my Jailers and
my tyrant through countless ages of
time, as It has seemed to me."
"Do not weary yourself with speaking."
"No. for mr tongue is still. But pres
ently you shall hear my. story. It Is a
long one, yet told in few words, for, since
I. was struck down and left for ! dead by
that serpent— the man I nourished and
whose life I saved— I have Iltod a brute's
existence. I have slept and awakened,
eaten and drunk, and slept again. By day
I have been bidden and fastened up like a
dog; at night I have many thousands of
times been roused from sleep by Pomba,
who would then lead me into- the moon
light and make me talk and talk and In-JL__^— — — -4>— — 1 RAINARD was the
I new agent's name, and
T /Qflpw3n>^P he was slight end
I j! BrXiJ your.f-lookir.g and cur
«L TyM wk and M. had nppMnted
I ¦yaBfiMBfl^j-'Tj him station p.ppr.t at
UbbbP hbih^^BB Lone Dog because r.o
one else would take the job.
Loa* Dog resented Bralnard's apparent
youth, . his cleanliness and his sobriety—
tha last two constituting the height of ec
centricity ln Lone Dog*-and four nights
aXter his arrival whirled ln to have fun
with tha **kld tenderfoot" It was harm
leas fun enough. But the boy— he was
little more— did not understand It and
rrew acgry, then sullen and th«n Beared,
to tha great delight of the circle of grin,
dag cowboys lounging under the station
lamp. They made the boy tell them of
the East; they made him epcak pieces,
danee and eir.g. Then, the fun flagging,
ecme Ingeniously inclined gentlemen had
rifled his shabtoy little trunk and held Its
contents up for derision.
"Gents." cried a bandy-legged Individ
ual in "chaps" and sombrero, jumping on
to the one ink-stained table and holding
\ip a photograph to the audience, "gents,
I wants to call your attention to the most
unparalleled and stupendous curiosity
fCopyrtrto, 1903. by T. C. MeClure.) "
"Says "shan't" and Von't 1 just like a
eure-enough man," commented his tor
mentor. "Well, you've got to. We don't
like. Prohibitioners around here. They
ever found in these yere parts—a genu
wlne plcter of a gal, and a mighty fine
gal, too. Nona of these yere biscuit
shooters, this ain't, but the real article.
fOniy needs to be seen to be appreciated.
In order to avoid a rumpus over this
yere work of art I'm going to give you
/all a chanst at it What do you bid for
It? Come high, boys, for the honor of
Lone Dog."
The Idea caught the crowd. There were
cries of "Hand it around. Bud." "The
kid's gal, you say?" "Durned if I ain't
forgot what woman looks like; I ain't
Been one since last roundup," and amid a
chorus of comment and suggestion the
bidding went on.
At last it was knocked own to Steve
Oliver of the X ranch outfit, the
price being drinks for the crowd.
"Who Is It. kid?" Bald Steve. wh«n he
returned to his place against the wall.
"It's — It's— my 6lster," answered the boy,
coloring. "Please give it back to me."
"Don't you fret, you'll get it back again,
sonny. Sister, ch?" Steve raove<l over
toward the one lamp and studied the pic
ture, while the other men turned to fresh
devices.
These consisted ln maklnsr the boy
drink. He didn't stem to be cheerful
enough, they Bald.
The boy refused, and then after many
threats touched his lips gingerly to a bot
tle and choked.
"I can't," he said, coughing and splut
tering.
"You don't pass out like that," growled
the owner of th* bottle. "You drink!"
"I can't." eald young Brainard. "and I
won't."
By Martha McCullocH Williams
RUSTIC JESS
shrill, ominous screech behind them,
echoing over the- hills. Hlnton heard It
at the same Instant— evidently some, spe
cial, or perhaps a wildcat engine, was
bearing down upon them. And there was
still bo much trestle before them— so much
of that Blender network which offered no
places of safety. ]
Looking back be saw the thin line of
Bmoke that marked the speeding death—
they could never reach the other side in
time!
The children. In their happy babble,
heard nothing, and Hlnton, forming an
instant plan, said rapidly In French:
"Don't let them know! They will turn
stupid with fright— and we could not do
anything with them. Obey me and I can
save, you all."
To the mastery ln his eye Miss Wade
yielded ln a sort of blind confidence. He
would save them all, she repeated— and
the sick terror at her heart lessened its
strain a little. She heard him laughingly
urge tho children to hurry, heard him of
fering prizes to the one who should pass
the gin first and then taw him snatch up
the fat-legged 6-year-old.
Wrapped ln their' wretchedly slow race,
for they had to move with aome caution,
the children, as .they stood at last above
the gin, did not yet hear the thunderous
monster, now setting, its iron feet on tha
trestle Itself. They only heard Hlnton's
sharp command to "Stop!" and then their
baby faces went white as they aaw him
lean over and drop the i-y ear-old into
what seemed destruction. But Hinton's
steady, athletic arms had not failed him..
Before the astounded child knew what
had happened she was lying on her back
in the unseeded cotton.
With cool and desperate predsion Hln
ton threw the would-be French scholar
down next, though he had to tear her
frantic hands loose from his neck. Tha
.third youngster unceremoniously followed,
landing on its- head, but with no worse
harm than falling between two loose piles
of springy dlrtyish white, which saved ita
eplnal column from any hurt ¦*»¦ • v ••'••-•
. "You next ", said Hlnton calmly^ "It's
the one chance— the train is almost upon
us."
As he spoke he lifted the girl, and she
found herself trusting to his cool self-
k j » CROSS the wide river
the trestle » No - "
l^CtffWfryfV-H "fetched unendingly,
'*j^f/jSkG&*ll ior tne broken ground
r*>r/ '^My^H on botn sides necessl
r*^j^Ji'i?V' r £'n tated lts covering not
I «7jffl^'~?r% B only t* 16 treacherous
UbS&" BB *SiBsl yellow tide, but much
of the. dubious shore beyond. Hlnton's
eyes rested dully on the one point of In
terest the shore under the trestle offered,
namely, the small landing where steamers
stopped for cotton. The landing boasted
a gin, where the product, ln its raw
Bhape, brought there In wagon loads by
the email farmers, was reduced to proper
commercial bulk. Although Hlnton and
Miss Wade were still a hundred yards
from the spot where they would pass the
landing below, and twice that distance
from the trestle's end, they could Bee all
Its details very plainly, especially the
huge open bin where a quantity of un
seeded cotton had been thrown, to be
transferred to the snorting, laboring ma
chinery later.
"Jolle n'est ce pas?" observed Miss
Wade lightly, with a wave of her 'hand
which covered the surrounding scenery.
"That's French for pretty," interposed
one of the children trotting at Mist
Wade'B heels. "I have learned that one
word anyway," pursued the speaker loud
ly, "and I mean to know more, 'causa you
and Mr. Hinton talk in it an' nobody can
understand what you Bay. Hennie, Lou
and me are all going to learn It, so's we
can tell secrets ln tha opanest company."
This ambitious scholar was one of three
youngsters who had Joined the couple ln
their walk and to whose intrusion neither
Miss Wade nor her escort objected. Now
that he had been finally and completely
rejected, Hinton was. glad to have their
embarrassed silence broken by the chat
ter of the children. Miss Wade also was
glad of their presence. As the 4 o'clock
train had passed only a few. moments ago
she had been quite sure it was safe to
cross the trestle. ,
Then, just as she wts encouraging the
rather laggard footsteps of the youngest
Infant, her blood froze at the sound of a
(Copyright, 1S03, by T. C. McCJure.)
BY CLINTON
DANGERFIELD.
ON FOURTEEN TRESTLE
from New York. An individual in that
city had got possession of a bank nota
plate, and was printing greenbacks by tha
tens of thousands. Ha was willing that
others should share ln his good luck. Ha
was bo willing that he would sell green
backs for 10 cents on the dollar and war
rant them to pass current anywhere. It
was the old. old green-goods game, and
young Beechman bit
In turn, he became so generous hearted
that he was willing to let Farmer Hurl
burt in on the spec Together they hoped
to raise $500 ln cash, and after soma cor
respondence with the liberal minded man
in New York it was decided that tha wire
fenca man should make a little Journey
and bring back ten for one.
The farmer sold a horse, a cow and
three hogs to make up his Bhara of the
money, and his prospective son-ln-Uw
started for the East Joe and Bosslo had
not quarreled. He had ceased hoeing po
tatoes to dig holes along tha creek and
look for the black stuff that had made so
many men rich. In a sense they ware
waiting for things to turn up.
"Sarah," said tha farmer to hlj wife
after Beechman had departed, "how
would you like to have silk dresses all
the rest of your life?"
"Don't scare a body to death, father."
she replied. "I know you and Harry ara
going to make millions of money, and I'm
so nervous that I break dishes ovary tlma
I clear the table off."
"Bessie," he continued, as he turned to
tha daughter, "how would you Ilka to ride
out in a carriage drawn by four whlta
horses and have bo many diamonds ea
that you shone Ilka tha sun?"
"If Joe finds an oil well ha may buy
me a diamond rfcr.g," she quietly an
swered.
"Don't you keep It up about Joa. Hall
never find no oil wells, or If ha does it
will ba after you ara married and living
in a palace and having forty servants to
wait on you. Me'n your mother have sat
out to get you a feller worth a million
dollars, and when you are receiving the
President of tha United States in your
own castle you'll ba glad you had auca
a father and mother."
A faw days later Bessie sat out to spend
tha afternoon with a neighbor. She had
not been gone above an hour when young;
Beechman returned from his Journey. Ha
carried a tin box under his arm. tha key
thereof ln his pocket and exultation ln
his heart Boon after his arrival tha two
men went to tha barn to count over their
"ten for one." Tha box was unwrapped,
the key inserted, and the packages taken
out to be counted. Then there came an
interval, during which tlma the wire
fenca man and tha farmer looked Into
each other's pala faces and spoke' no
word. The "money" was green ln color,
but that was all. Young Beechman had
been done up, as thousands before had
been done, and had brought back only
blanks.
They were still looting at each other
and licking their dry lips when Joe and
Bessie drove up to the gate. As she en
tered the bouse Joe hitched tha hone and
came out to the barn.
"I just wanted to say," ha quietly ob
served, "that four days ago I found oil
along tha creek, and that this afternoon
Bessie and I went to Justice Jordan and
got married."
In reply Farmer Hurlburt got up and
took young Beechman by the collar and
•lammed him up against the fanning mill
and then Jammed him up against the
granary door and then walloped him all
over the floor and then ended by throw-
Ing him outdoors and sending a kick af
ter him. Then ha turned to the newly
made husband and held out his hand and
said:
"Joe Green, there's only one fool m tha
Hurlburt family and that's me. Let's go
In and have some cider and Ids* tha
bride."
"What did you think of as you winged
your way down?" inquired Hlnton" lightly
as they turned toward the walling chorus
of angry infants, who found the sides of
the bin too high to scramble out .
Miss Wade went scarlet 'T thought of
a lot of things!" she murmured.
"Yes," ; said Hlnton politely, but with
the wound she had given him-before they
had set foot on the trestle now reopening.
He had saved her— for some other man! -
, "I thought especially," stammered Miss
Wade, "of a— a proverb— "
"Yes? May I ask the saw?"
"It's a— that It's a woman's privilege to
change her mind," murmured Miss Wade.
She thought of this as she thought of
many other things in her descent ..to tha
cotton below. The drop was a fearful one
—and it seemed to her that she wassed an
eternity before she touched anything.
Then, like the first of the children, she
lay on her back staring up at the black
mass thundering past above. v Aa it
reached the spot whence she had
been thrown she saw Hlnton, his hands
pointed above his head, leap far out to
ward the center of the stream, heading
as far as possible from the saving cot
ton.
Ignoring the howls of the Indignant
cliildren, who altogether failed to com
prehend the reason for their brusque and
willing flight downward, she scrambled,
out of the bin and ran to the edge of the
shore. Had Hlnton struck one of the
numerous snags abounding In the river?
Would he never rise a sain?
Her screams for aid brought tha few
men at work to her Immediately. One
of them unlocked a little flat boat Wored
to the shore, but as they prepared to push
her off a brown head lifted Itself from- tha
muddy current and Hinton, blowing tha
water from his mouth, clambered up on
the little pier, his face growing radiant
as he saw tha girl unhurt
"Oh, you!" she cried, "you are—"
She choked.
mSttiS.** kM3? " •*•«.=*»«•». *
"Safe as If they had merely been tossed
into bed; oh. Mr. Hlnton— Robert— I—"
"Don't feel obliged to say' anything
pretty," Interrupted Hlnton a little iron
ically, misconstruing her embarrassment
"I've often dived from as great heights "
"You'd never dive twice Into that river
an' come out alive," interpolated the gin
fireman abruptly.
possession in spite of the horror before
her. What she might strike, where fall.
she did not know. She only knew that
in his steady eyes flamed a hero she had
not dreamed of ln their conventional ac
quaintance.
Young Beechman encouraged the feel-
Ing in both father and mother, and his
lavishness ln buying presents for Bessie
would have carried a less sensible, girl oft
her feet. But when ha began to court ln
earnest she began to draw away, and Joe
Green had nothing to be jealous of. It was
soon discovered, however, that ha had a
fight on hand. The spirit of avarice had
been awakened in the souls of the par
ents, and It was not long before they had
a good deal to say to Bessie and some
thing as well to her lover.
"Look hera, Joe," said Farmer Hurlburt,
who prided himself on his plain speaking,
"I have said that you were one of the
best young fellers ln this county, but you
ain't Just the. match for Bessie. She's
smart and good looking, and one of tho
sort who ought to llva in town and wear
silks and satins. Instead of plodding
away on a farm. I don't want to hurt
your feelings, but I wish you'd look
around for some other irfrL"
"You want her to marry the wire fence
man. I take It?" said Joe, in reply.
"Yes, Joe: I do. He's got money. He's
making more of it He'll be as rich as
Vanderbllt ln ten years more. He offered
to lend me $50 the other day without any
security at all. He's not only ln the wire
fence business, but he's into windmills
and drainpipe and patent farm gates.
He's gomg Into a speculation next week ln
which he will clear three or four thousand
dollars ln no time at all, and mebba I'll
co in with him. You ain't expectln* to
make a dollar extra this year, and so—"
"I'm looking for oil down along tha
creek." Interrupted Joe.
"Can't be none there. Joe. Can't be no
oil ln this county. I like you as a man.
Joe but being you haven't got money I
shall have to ask you to stay away after
this. It may take your appailte away for
a few days, but you'll ge.t over it ln a
week and shine up to one of Jim Gard
ner's girls."
Bessie was told at the same time that
she would be expected to discourage Joe
and encourage the other one. and though
she promptly rebelled her .parents put tha
foot down In a most vigorous way. In a
manner tha field was left clear for the
wire fence man.
"Unfortunately for him he was a boaster
and a braggart He was making a few
dollars, but could not count on anything
permanent i He realized that if he got the
farmer's daughter at all it would be
through the aid of money, and he began
to plan and scheme.
Circumstances aided him. One day ha
received a private and confidential letter
T had been understood
>C^^^P\ for a year or more that
(frLlmiLrJ Jo« Green, son of
I ' V Kfflbi/tf Farmer Green, was to
? li I \ 1 marry Bessie Hurlburt.
> JJHWV daughter of an adjoln
/7^~^ ». ing farmer. There was
not a cloud ou tha hort
¦on until a young man named Harry
Beechman came into the neighborhood to
sell and to show the farmers bow to set
up wire fencing. He secured board at
Hurlburt's and at once became "stuck"
on Bessie. His admiration naturally
pleased her, and when peopla began to
hint that it was a case of love a new Idea
came Into her father's head. He knew
Joe to be an honest, hard-working young
man, and the question of money had
never come up. If he married Bessie ha
would take her to his own house and pro
vide for her as well as a farmer would be
expected to. It was only after the wire
fence man came and exhibited his "roll"
and talked of stocks and bonds and bank
accounts that Farmer Hurlburt realized
what a good thing It would bo to have a
wealthy son-in-law.
(Copyright, 1903. by T. C McClure.)
K jt- **~—n vas churning
down at the spring
'e^^BSTC'H nouse a - na • !r -£ ln £ 1;k «
?^~SVE1 rink calico frock -was
I turned U P hl & h ln
¦^J^g^v^'H front-eo high her feet
sbbSBBBP^qU were plainly visible.
Pretty feet enough, ln epite of scuffed
shoes, smallish, ¦well-arched and llght-
Btepplng, to say nothing of the slender
ankles above them. The ankles matched
taper wrists, but gave no hint ol the dim
pit «wellir.g arms revealed by Bleeves
toiled half way to the shoulder.
Big, soft, new leafaga flung down varia
ble shadows on her bare head. She kept
tha dasher moving merrily, now and
again patting one foot ln time to It. Her
voice. If untrained, was dear, and not too
loud— altogether, the man comin* down
the creekslda ln high wading boots, with
a rod ln his hand, a creel slung from his
¦thoulder, would have been Justified ln
dicing himself glad of her presence.
He was distinctly not glad—curmudgeon
ly fellow! He had been whipping the
stream for trout since sunrise, with no
lock at all. All his hope was centered
upon the cool, deep hole Just below the
cprtsg house. He knew the stream of old
— -and that particular reach of it had never
yet failed to give him good rport. Why
must this creature go spoil his chances
with her ldlotlo trilling? Fish had sensi
tive ears— ha was certain of it. Nothing
would rise to tha most tempting lure after
¦men affronting of the auricular sense.
••Oeorge! I wish aha was In— Halifax!" he
•aid to himself as he prepared, rather
hopelessly, for a cast. He had hardly
looked toward the 6inrer— besides "Robin
JuCmIt," with an accompaniment of whish
lng buttermilk, rather got on bis nerves.
As the song kept up, he called over bis
shoulder,' ln anything but an amiable
Voice: _,
"Madam. I will pay you double price for
the butter you are churnlnr If you will go
away until afternoon and let me fish ln
peace."
"Indeed you won't!" Jess retorted, with
tha least toss of the head. /"Tend to
your own business. Mister Fisherman. I
promise you I'll tend strictly to mine. Bay
xny butter. Indeed! Suppose I don't want
to sell it? And I don't It'B going Into
cake for the picnic to-morrow."
The fisherman, Allan Beckley by name
•cowled at his Image ln the water and
¦wore— under his breath.
It must have been a day for the tra
versing of art and rule. The fly was
hardly settled before, with -a vigorous
upswlrllng rush, a monster trout took It.
For the next ten minutes Allan Beckley
was conscious of nothing but his quarry.
The quarry was game and wary as ever
rose to a fly. Up, down, athwart stream.
he darted, diving, plunging, now and
a^aln leaping dear of the water, coming
with such a rush bankward tha singing
reel could not take up the Black. wheel-
Ing to bore headfirst against the rocky
bottom so strongly the pliant rod-tip bent
almost double. The fisherman stood Just
below a high shelving bank. He would
have plunged ln the water but that there
was no good foothold. Cautiously, with
nice Judgment and sportsman skill, he
played his catch. It was one to rejoice
ln— the giant of all trout in Clear Creek.
Five pounds at the very least Idly he
began to speculate If It might not be the
Eame wily fellow who had SB . often out
witted him when he was a native strip
ling? His Ill-humor evaporated magically.
He was at peace with himself and the
world. The trout was weakening. Though
he still fought gamely, the rushes were
lers electric. In five minutes more— ln
three— ln one — with a long steady pres
sure he drew the fighting creature to the
bank, shifted bis rod deftly and made to
¦Up the landing net underneath. And
then— and then! Something gave way un
6er and behind him— with a huge plash
Allen Beckley did not run away— In fact
he was the life of the picnic. And strange
to relate, he lost interest In fishing, al
though he stayed In his home county a
matter of six weeks. He did not leave It
Indeed, until he was able to take a wife
away with him. Her first name Is Jess—
and sh« is proud to tell that she can
make beautiful butter.
• • •
"I shall be— more than civil— abject— to
some among the country folk." Beckley
said, holding out his hand. Jess laid her
pink palm, slightly hardened by steady
Bhurnlng, In his clasp, and said gayly, "If
you try to run away from your bargain,
you'll take alonr all the bad luck I
wished you."
"It's horrible hard for a man who likes
fish," Jess Bald, her eyes dancing. "Be
cause it Is this— you must go to our picnic
— and be — oh, wonderfully civil to us
country folk!"
"Henceforth he Is sacred." Beckley said.
slashing his line and tossing the rod
away. "Now for condition second."
"You shall hear that when you're out
of the woods— and water," Jess answered,
dimpling again. In a whiff she had run
to a foot log a little way upstream,
crossed It. and was beside Beckley. a stout
fence stake In her hand. "Get a good pur
chase with It, and push the rock down
stream," sho commanded. .."The current
will help you If It Is slow here In the pool.
Now! All together! There. It's over.
You can com* out or stay In, as you
choose. Be careful, though, li you stand
on this Bide to fish— the bluff Is all honey
combed with water veins Blnca last win
ter. The next landslip may be heavy
enough to bury you."
"There will be no next "landslip— with
me around," Beckley said, scrambling
out. "I ought to have known better with
out telling. You Bee I grew up less than
three miles from where we stand. So
I have guessed your name. Miss Wllmot,
do please accept my thanks, and humblest
apologies. I believe, too, you said some
thing about a condition. I am waiting
very Impatiently to hear It."
he went down Into four feet of water
with a ton of loosened rock at his back.
He flung out his arms to save himself—
the trout, as the line slacked, dashed mad
ly away and went to the bottom upon tho
farther side. But he could not break loose
the hook, nor instantly chafe the line in
two against the bottom. There was still
a bare chance of him. Beckley. bruised
and Ehaken though he was, tried to turn
about, snatch his rod and fight the battle
to the bitter end.
He could not do it. Somehow the fall-
Ing rocks had Jammed his feet into a
crevice of the bottom, beyond his power
to pull them out. He tugged and strained,
and ewore. this time audibly, for some
minutes. He was not In the least hurt—
his feet had room a-plenty in their rocky
channel, but he could not get them out
until the stone was moved from over It.
He had forgotten the girl, singing and
churning at the sprlnghouse, but remem
bered her, now noting both sounds had
ceased. He was on the point of calling
to her when he caught a flash of pink on
the farther bank and heard her say with
sparkling malice, "How do you like it,
gettin' caught yourself? Ain't you ready
to cry quits with the big trout?"
"How do you know I caught him?"
Beckley retorted. The girl shrugged her
shoulders the least bit. "I watched you
—to wish you bad luck— you were so
rude," she cald. And as she said it he
noted that neither accent nor Intonation
was rustic. He looked at her appealUigly.
"I was rude— a perfect brute." he said.
"Do please forgive me— and go fetch
somebody to help me out of this."
"I'll help you out myself— on two con
ditions," Jess said, dimpling beautifully.
Beckley bowed meekly. "Only name
them!" he said. "The first Is— cut your
line." Jess retorted promptly. "The big
trout Is a friend of mine. I've fed him
now and again, ever since we came here."
By Marian Harcotxrt
BESSIE'S JOE
"I— I haven't any Bister," said tha boy
huskily at last. "I lied to you. but you'va
been too good to me and I can't keep It
up. I— the picture— it's me. rm— ah, can't
you see— I'm a girl."
"A girl! I'll— be"— Bteva didn't finish
the sentence. He rose and went to tha
window and looked out on tha faint «T»y
green cf the sa?e brush. Bralnaxd con
tinued as if in defense. "I had to do It.
I helped my brother in the station at
home and learned to telegraph. Then ha
died, and no one had any work for a girl
—at least work I could do. Then I thought
I would come West, dressed as a man,
and I got this Job, and now— now you
know why I've got to go back."
Steve turned and came to tha side of
the girl. "You ain't got to go back, and
you ain't a-goln'— not If I can help It.
I might have known you was a woman,
only I didn't know women had such grit.
Look hera. kid— I mean— that is"—
"Jessie was my sister's name," laid tha
girl, with a little laugh.
"Well. I'm rough and I don't deserva
no such gal as you, Jessie, but there's
a heap of men git what they don't de
serve, and I ain't bo mighty bad. You
say you kin telegraph. Well, you sit
down, then to that clicker and do some
telegraphln' for me— one up the line for
a new ajrent for Lone Dog station and
one to Prairie City for a parson. And tell
'em I give 'cm until to-morrow mornin'
to git here, on the first train," added
Steve Oliver, with emphasis.
Steve shifted uneasily In his chair.
"This here sister of yours," he said at
last, "do you reckon now she'd marry
me— If I could git to ask her?" he stopped
the boy as he was about to speak. "Just
keep quiet sonny, and let ma bark a
spelL I've been doing a lot of thinkin'
since I come here this evening, and It's
been about her. I'va been drlftln* around
these parts for the last ten years, and
more, ever since I was half as young as
you, getting Into scrapes and out of 'em,
riding the ranges, roundln' up, flghtln'
when I had to. drlnkln'. and gamblln'
and shootin' up a town. Just Ilka all men
does out here, wlthouten there's a woman
to hold 'em steady, and to-night when I
sea your sister's picture It coma across
me that I wanted to settle down, and I
wanted her to help me. That's why I
don't want you to go away, kid, for if
you do I won't git no chance to a** h«r
and ask her. Do you reckon she'd look
at me. kid?"
The boy said nothing for a moment,
while Steve watched him anxiously. Tha
dawn was Just breaking over tha plains
and a pale light came through tha dirty
windows of tha station.
"And run away from nothing. The
boys ain't goln' to do no harm. I'll sea
you don't get messed with too much."
"But when you ain't here what would
happen? Oh. If you hadn't been here to
night. No, there's no way but for ma to
leave."
"I guess not now," . he said, "after
what's happened. I must go away, go
back. I ought never to have coma. I
didn't see it before. Oh. you can't un
derstand," he cried. "I don't want to go.
I haven't any situation, nor money nor
friends." He broke down sobbing again.
The boy gave a Queer little laugh
which changed to a sigh.
"Oh. she? She's living."
There was a long pause. "She's a right
purty gal," said Steve. "I've been study
in* that picture. She certainly fnvors you
a heap— that is if she has yallei like
yourn. Has she?"
"Yis," returned the boy, "It's Just the
color of mine."
"I repkoned so. Long. I bet, and curly.
I knowed It. What's her name?"
•Er— Jessie."
"Jessie?" Steve pondered over the
name as If to see If It would fit his
preconceived notions. "You'll be having
her on here soon I reckon, won't you?
I'm powerful anxious to come up with
your sister."
It was, on the whole, a good natured
crowd, and Steve was popular, wherefore
It took the hint and Its ponies and depart
ed whooping.
An hour later Steve returned. The
lamp was out and he was about to ride
along when he heard the sound of sobbing
from the dark Interior of the station.
"Holy smoke! They don't breed men
where he comes from, that's sure." said
he. dismounting and going to the door.
H© moved toward the sound and mads
out the boy crouching beside a bench, his
face In his hands. At the jar of heavy
footsteps the boy started, but Steve laid
a kindly hand on his shoulder. "There,
sonny, don't take on like that when there
ain't no reason. The boys was Just play
ln' — they didn't mean no harm unless
you'd pulled that trigger—"
"I'd have. killed him," sobbed the boy,
"If he'd touched me again."
Steve chuckled. "lie was safa enough,
kid. It was the rest of us you had
scared. It was plumb ridiculous."
The boy apparently did not see the
comicality of the situation, for he con
tinued crying softly, while Steve looked
on, powerless to help. A crying man was
something new In his philosophy.
"Look here, kid," he said at last, "why
did you come here, anyway? You're
mighty young- and inexperienced for this
here strenuous life."
"I had to. This was the only place I
<ould get."
"Ain't you got no kin 7"
"They are all dead."
"Your sister— she ain't. Is she?"
"My sister? What sister? "What do
you mean?"
"The sister whose picture the boys was
admlrin' of."
'ain't popular." The man twisted his hand
In the collar of the boy's vblue shirt as
he spoke, but the boy tore away, sprang
across the room and pulled a pistol. For
a moment It looked as If the comedy
were about to change to tragedy, and
then the boy's arm was knocked up and
the; gun wrenched from his trembling
hand. It was the cowboy who had bought
the picture.
"Tour're too old to play with them
things, Boriny," he said quietly, "and too
young to get shot." Then he turned to
the others. "I don't know how you feel,
boys," he said ."but I don't reckon I keer
for no more fun to-night— at least this
here kind. Playln' with children Is
mighty comical, but they're liable to git
too familiar to suit me. I move we pull
our freight to the saloon. The drinks are
on me." .
THE SUNDAY CALIi.
LONE DOG'S NEW AGENT
4Continued From Page 3.
THE GOLDEN FETICH.
Perhaps the most successful woman in
this line Is Mrs. William irelan Jr., who
has made a business of handling clay for
home decorations, for she has not only
won home recognition, but has received
awards In Paris as well ror the dainty
shapes and simple, yet thoroughly artis
tic, decorations.
In a measure the chief beauty of work
of this nature Is that it may be carried
on at home if one has the room and the
family will permit it, but where the bell
rings every five minutes and the neigh
bors drop in to chat, and advise, but a
Stqries^f aueer shades and unique cuts
are »ot to be found every day, and for
that matter people who will fancy them
after they are garnished with scrolls and
figures are not to be picked from every
bush that one passes, but the fact re
mains, nevertheless, that if you. Miss
Lady, that must work, are clever enough
with your fingers and pencil you can draw
the golden shekels gently toward you and
handle pretty, sparkling gems at the same
time.
Pottery in quaint shapes has long since
been taken up as a fad to be ridden for
ell it is worth, and some of the prize
vases "are worth a neat sum, by the way.
Leather designers are comparatively
few and yet. there are any number of
books published yearly. While over two
thirds of the books Issued are not leather
bound, none of them are guilty of no cov
ering at all. and even if it Is a common
paplr one, the design is there just the
same, and some one gave it a certain
amount of time and study.
To be sure, you can't pick it up without
thought or study and make an immediate
success of it any more than you could
sit down to the piano and execute a fin
ished sonata, but when you have once
mastered the art, or any of these arts of
designing for that matter, you will flnd
that it Is a paying bit of business and e
pleasant pastime in the bargain.
The Frledlander girls made a name for
themselves tickling the palate of the fas
tidious and the eye of the blase. Instead
ox serving in the regulation style and
with the regulation decorations they
made it a plan to give a continual round
of surprise parties, so that those sitting
at their tables might be filled with cu
riosity to see what prize they would draw
next
Making posters for dealers' window*
and showcases Is no new trick, but It
is a trick nevertheless and requires a bit
of ingenuity and cleverness to turn them
cut in a wholesale fashion and to have
each and every one different and distinc
tive. It is an art In Itself and. while art
ists or so-called ones turn up their noses
and solemnly swear and declare that it
Is not "serious work," if one can build up
a fair amount of trade it is infinitely bet
ter than crying for the moon, and it most
certainly yields the common necessities
of life In a pleasant way.
The home girl who has always fussed
and feathered about the dining table
would do well to bend her energies that
way, for she knows full well that people
always are Interested in the eating prop
osition, and those who entertain exten
sively always welcome every new Inno
vation with outstretched arms.
There are people who know they want
something out of the ordinary In the dish
line, but they haven't the faintest idea
Just what they do want, and Miss Minnie
Taylor lends a willing hand and land*
them high and dry.
She makes it her buslnecs to study scal
lops, tricky Ins and out*, queer old letters
end monograms, peculiar colors and
shapes that you cannot p'fk ap la a shop
thaf carries hundreds and hundreds of
dishes cast from the same mold.
Now and then you find some people Wbo
ere clever enough to do anything that
comes their way In the line of general de
pignir.g. For Instance, Mrs. Alberta
Wheelan, Miss Martin and Miss Derkin
are equally at home scheming out furni
ture or pondering over Jugs of beaten
brass. Th«y worry over silver odds and
ends. knJt their brows over shapes for
mirrors and, In fact almost anything
else that comes their way.
Perhaps you. Mr. Buyer, fancied that
your bowl of rlatinum or your precious
jar of beaten brass or copper came from
the ark, or, better still, had been made in
the year L Perhaps it's Just as well to
let you think so. and probably all the
king's horses and all the king's mea
couldn't make you think otherwise, but
the fact remains just the same that these
three talented women turn out "antiques"
end you are none the wiser.
Scores of people rave over a carpet to
the store, but when It is laid on the home
floor the color Is entirely different and
the pattern unsulted for the room. Nine
out of ten times it is for the simple rea
ron that It was not tried before laying,
and the error corrected before It was too
late, so In this way Mrs. Bradford saves
a lot of heartburns and dissatisfaction
and at th» same time keeps the wolf fax
away from her door.
It la a vaat comfort to be- able to sit
down and write a note, ray!ng "You may
Ufe J2C0 for an English dining-room" and
then dlsmJsa the subject entire!v from
your mind until the bill comes In. And
It Is a decided pleasure to slip Into a well
appointed room and find it better
equipped than you fancied It possibly
could be, but when a iideritlfl? study Is
made, wonders can be accomplished on
very little.
It might be all very well enough for
your home to furnish It yourself, but
unless you make a careful study of pe»
rlods there la almost certain to> »•>•• at least
ore article that Is not in harrr.ony.
Mrs. Nellie Bradford has hit upon e
novel way cf using her brains nnd natu
ral talents. She visits new houses and
carefully surveys the rooms and looks
Into their possibilities.
.Then she plans the furnishing at home
and decides In her own mind what will
look best here and there before she visit*
a furniture house of any description.
Sometimes a rare piece of mahogany
may not fit Into its niche or it may fail
to look Its beat, and in th!s event It Is
bundled back to the w&rehous? and piece
after piece tried until the r!gn: one comes
along.
¦own ftmoBBi §t good wsefc la rtnSij fioa*.
Btfll, there are locks and keys to doors,
and after a time the horn* folks caa b*
properly trained.
And here the curtain must fall, for the
story I set forth to tell you— that of the
Golden Fetich— is told. In due course La
tossl, the Batonca prince, sat upon the
throne of his father, and Winstone, with
Dan Hook for first assistant and master
of ceremonies, looked to it that the crown
ing of« the new monarch should be a very
imposing and splendid circumstance.
Then the expedition, after a stay of five
weeks in comparative comfort and idle
ness at Bangillo. started homeward some
five and thirty strong.
But Latossl himself traveled with his
though how yon expect that ugly wound
In the shoulder to do anything but kill
you at the rate you're going I can't
guess." •
"It's all right. I washed it before we
came out It wasn't as bad as I thought"
"Back we go, then, and Blackbird can
carry part of the stuff, while I'll take the
rest. - A terrible day— a terrible day alto
gether. God knows how much of that
poor black carrion on the hill I was re
sponsible for; but it's always the way
when white men come among the black.
We can never reach their hearts—except
ing as we have to-day, with lead."
"Don't make It worse by talking about
it, old man. The thing's done and we've
bought our crystals With blood instead of
beads. Come to camp, and let us do the
last dismal duty this dismal. day has left
for us. I bid Dan dig their graves to
gether, and dig them deep. Our friends,
I mean."
"Yes: we will see them laid in the eartn
and safe from further tribulations," said
Wlnstone. "Look!" he aaded. "Who
shall declare these people do not share
our common emotions and affections?
There are our campflres ahead and that
twinkling constellation of red stars wind
ing and turning and wandering on the
hillsides— what Is it? That sound of wall-
Ing; what is it? Why, man, there's a
heart torn with suffering under each of
those red lights. There go women and
children, fathers and mothers and wives
and daughters seeking the big, strong
men, gathering up the clay that ruled
them, aavlng their dead . from the fangs
of the . hyenas and the talons of the
lions." ¦-.•j-; V:-^-^:V.
"I've got Bessie, anyway."
"Yes; that's as much good luck as a
man has any right to expect for his own
share in this lopsided globe. You've got
your lady, end you've got - your > life/
Five and fifty seedpods he dug out, and
in each about twenty to twenty-five dull,
different-colored stones, like coarse gravel
and small pebbles, appeared.
Then, before the mound was laid flat
and the hard, undisturbed earth appeared
beneath it, Roy made a further find, and
discovered the remainder of 'Richard
Ogllvie',s hoard tied up In a large piece of
hide and bound about with many coils of
wire. This contained the richest part of
the treasure, those gems the defunct ex
plorer had designed to carry with him
when Pomba struck him from behind and
shattered his hopes and ambitions.
In the hide stones weighing In all nearly
ten pounds were found, and though many
appeared to be. but coarse lumps of rough
metal, none of the party could appraise
their value, so all were taken. Full five
and twenty pounds the total treasure
weighed, without the seed pods that con
tained the greater part of it.
"The extent of this fortune must remain
a secret until we get home with the «t^. M
said Lord Wlnstone. "For Bessie's sake
and yours, old man, I hope it may turn
out the Jeweler's shop we came to find.
Of course, gems and, such things look
rather discouraging in the rough, but we
may say of them what we say of rich old
miserly relations when they pop off, that
we hope they'll cut up well. We must
take it for granted that Richard Ogilvie,
an old and experienced prospector, Tcnew
his business."
the camp was pitched. The men stood
round the bloodstained chamber, end un
der the fitful flicker of torches the ex
plorers flung the bones' from the black
mound and dug In,to It
Thus did the object of the expedition
come to light at last. The spear with
which Meldrum dug soon hit a hard sub
stance, and, burying his hand In the
earth, he brought forth a seed-pod of um
zimbete.. Then his thoughts leaped like
lightning along the strange courses of
past time, and the scene before his mind's
eye was of an ancient room, a little ob
ject on the wall, and the cutting open of a
llonskln packet in the presence of his
cousin.
Still Meldrum's work was far from
completed. A watch had been set over
the mystery house, and thither with
torches and a trusty party of armed Zan
zlbaris, Wlnstone and Roy marched after
Roy obeyed, and presently their dead
king was returned to the Batoncas and
borne with howllngs and lamentations to
his palace, while the natives also carried
Ogilvie outside Bangillo and laid him be
side the other British victims of the day.
Thus poor Bessie's father, suddenly re
stored to her after twenty years, was as
suddenly snatched again Xrom his daugh
ter's love. The awful carnage of the day,
with Fain's death and this crowning trib
ulation, affected the girl very seriously.
But soon Dan Hook arrived, Bessie's tent
was put up, and she hid her grief from
the multitude of strange eyes.'
"Take the girl away," whispered Wln
stone. "Lead her out of -camp and break
it to her gently that her father has lost
his life."
Ogilvie had been stabbed through the
heart, while the dripping knife he still
clutched In his hand had severed the ar
tery in his enemy's neck and inflicted
other fatal wounds.
They lay together, their distorted faces
not a foot apart, and it appeared that
knives had been their weapons, for both
were hideously gashed and slashed. Then
each, as it seemed, had got home a simul
taneous death blow.
In the mystery house, black man and
white had met; but the awful death strug
gle that took place between them could
never be chronicled, for no human eyes
other than their own had witnessed it.
And both were dead. ; , u '*j
arm bones for the connecting bars, ex
tended the sign of Chinkakko, the same
hieroglyphic that appeared upon- the
Golden Fetich, and at one corner lay the
broken parts of a broad, leaf-shaped
spear, with which it was evident some
body had been digging in the mound.
Pomba It was who spoke thus, at the
hour of defeat, and conscious that the
hidden treasure of Richard Ogilvie was
the object of the attack, had sped to the
hiding place, doubtless with Intention to
move the precious stones elsewhere and so
make peace on advantageous terms, des
pite his overthrow. But another, equally
anxious to possess his own, had marked
the defeated king's flight and followed
him. *
THE END
Indeed, Tord Wlnstone would take no
denial in this matter, and he wrote big
checks at Zanzibar with a grim deter
mination. Meldrum's £10,000 had practi
cally vanished, and the prospect of be
ing the poor husband of a rich wife was
far from pleasant to him. until Bessie
laughed him out of it and seriously in
quired who. was responsible for her for
tune. But that happened upon the pas
sage home and after many sad leave-tak
ings and eternal farewells.
Bunganl absolutely refused to leave his
mistress at all. but as It was felt that
one winter In England would probably
reconcile this child of the sun to his na
tive land, Bessie had her will and the
Kaffir came home with his friends.
The voyage was uneventful and Lord
WInstone's prophecy proved a true one,
for Roy ate his Christmas dinner in Eng
land, and, what is more, ate it in good
company. "»
Six weeks later a trading caravan de
parted direct for Zanzibar, and with them
went Meldrum and his force. The Jour
ney, though slow, proved pleasantly de
void of Incident, and early in November
the coast was reached and the Zanzlbarls
wept and embraced each other at sight
o£ their home.
There the faithful servants and sur
vivors of the expedition were left with
genuine sorrow on their broad faces and
well filled purses in their pockets, while
the widows and orphans of those who
had fallen by the way were not forgot
ten, and all, directly or Indirectly inter
ested, received handsome returns for ser
vice done.
friends to within four days' march of the
southern extremities of Lake Tanganyika;
and there, upon a torrential and stormy
morning at the beginning of another rainy
season, did the King of the Batoncas re
ceive with Joy and utmost reverence the
guardian of his tribe, Chinkako.
So the Golden Fetich returned south
ward, end those who had brought it from
afar took leave of It. not without some
sentiment, and pushed northward to the
great waters of the Tanganyika.
In April they reached their desire and
struck a big settlement, where sundry
German missionaries extended to them a
hearty welcome and opened their blue
eyes at the strange story they brought
from the Inner Darkness.
"We can only help him to pass in
peace," he said. "He will never recover
consciousness. The life is flickering
away fast."
"He died for me," eaid Roy, with a
broken voice. "One had to perish, and I
thought the end was come;' but now I
see what was a mystery at the time. He
leaped from that rock there— fifteen good
feet it must be— leaped between me and
these spears; and took them."
"It was a great death, and forgive me.
I wronged the man in thought often
times," said Iv^rd Winstone.
Meldrum was silent. For one moment
lie remembered the dead man's ravings
during his fever. Then he sank them n
the bottom of his heart and banished
them from his mind forever.
The dead was borne to the valley and a
Cag, that recently had fluttered in the van
of the battle, now covered him. Under the
sign of the Golden Fetich he lay, his
course run, bis good and bad, engraved
en time past, to be added to or altered no
more.
A party of half a dozen men and Dan
Hook— those who had stood guard over
Bessie and were fresh and unwearied by
battle— now set off to camp to bring along
tome tents and necessaries; while Mel-
Crum, Latossl and the bulk of their active
force marched Into Bangillo. Bessie
walked witn them and it was soon appar
el that the place had surrendered.
The conquerors were greeted with trem-
Tie surviving warriors now set about
£ba business of ministering to their
wounded friends, but the appalling mag
nitude of such a *«kV made it Impossible
of effective execution, and many poor
wretches, who would have lived with ade
quate attention, perished miserably dur-
Ing the long hours that followed the bat
tle.
Boon after noon it was felt that the city
taust be taken; but before reorganizing
his forces and marching: into Bangillo,
Boy, Bessie and her Kaffir boy, with half
a hundred of the Batoncas, roamed the
fcillside to eeek for Tracy Fain.
Their first point of search was the ele
vation from which Meldrum. Fain and
their little force had driven the Batoncas.
Anfl beyond this epot there was no need
to lock, for there, where Meldrum's life
had been mysteriously saved— how. he did
cot know— lay Fain, with two mortal
¦pear wounds in his body and a broken
leg. He was alive, but quite unconscious,
end it seemed certain that death must be
but a question of minutes.
Wlnstone was signaled and, desisting
from his kindly work among the wounded
end dying, he approached.
Meldrum, Wlnstone and Latossl, order
ing back the savages who swept round
them to learn the fate of their monarch,
entered the house of mystery together,
and a moment later stood not only before
their goal, but faced the last bloody page
In the red chapter of the day's work.
A fiery sunset threw brilliant light Into
the chamber and revealed at Its center a
curious mound of black earth, in shape
like a grave, but with a wider and flatter
surface. Upon it, fashioned In human
skulls for the, knobs, and with leg: and
"It Is the secret place of Pomba, where
he speaks with the spirits of the air and
the water," explained the aged man who
guided them. "The dwelling was erected
at his command when he came to the
throne of the Batoncas, and oftentimes
in the hours of darkness be passed thither
unattended to commune with those in
visible beings who speak with kings
alone."
The so-called mystery house of ¦ the
king proved to be a small hut with scar
let thatch standing apart In a square of
naked^black earth and having around It
lofty walls of bamboo splashed and
streaked with bright colors.
"He passed from the battle back to his
city," said one; "and he returned not to
his palace, but sought the mystery house
of the high medicine, where It is only
permitted the king of the Batencao to
enter. Thither he fled alone, and, looking
again, I saw another fellow— a being with
flowing beard, the king's familiar spirit,
who was taken from among us under the
moonlight at the death place by the ser
vants at Chinkakko."
But in Pomba's kraal there was mourn
ing, and his wives and children and aged
servants wept, for the king had not re
turned from the battle and it was believed
tnat he had fallen. Only the venerable
medicine men, who now hurried to pay
homage to the victors, could tell of the
defeated monarch.
Thus did Chinkakko return to the Ba
toncas, and the poor savages raised a cry
of rejoicing, even in the midst of their
bitter losses, as the Golden Fetich passed
among them on the forehead of the white
queen.
bling fear. Women who had lost hus
bands, fathers and mothers who had lost
sons in the battle, all hastened to Ming
themselves at the feet of the victors.
Many brought pitiful gifts of rubbish they
treasured. The troops that had fled sur
rendered; from every alley and lane and
stret in Bangillo the peop!e nocked anu
fell on their faces before Meldrum and
the rest.
must be taken into consideration, fo\
what might be the salvation of a piece
of dark green jade would entirely ruin
a dash of pink shading to the red.
You, Mr. Skeptic, may think you could
make a list of dainty odds and ends from
now until the crack of doom, but try and
please the fastidious fancy of a host of
fussy wemen and you'll suddenly come to
the conclusion that slaving In a close of
fice, bending over a set of books, is infi
nitely easier and more pleasant, for the
art belongs exclusively to those who love
to wander into old musty shop3, into ages
long gone by, and into nooks and crannies
that would bore most people nearly to
death.
Of course, fads are always a fad, but
the love of having something entirely dif
ferent from other folks always has, and
r.lne to ten, always will be the cry of
hosts of people. They're willing to pay
almost any price for a distinctive feature
If it pleases them, and her main trouble
Is In drawing a dfsign and then having
the patron think the article looks as she
idly fancied it would.
Designing trinkets of various periods
Isn't always as easy as one might think,
for it requires heaps o2 prying into musty
books to seo what the ladies fair of other
centuries were to get the styles just cor
rect; otherwise the entire scheme would
be spoiled. Other than this the queer
Old stones, too dull and lusterless, too
common and too cheap for the majority
ef folks to admire and make use of are
¦to be hunted up and combined in a man
aer that sets them eff in a distinctive
¦W*7 as so many priceless gems.
And the art of handling gold is no
email one. By a chemical process It is
Et4« white, yellow, pink or a variety of
CeJ,cf to shades and the particular color
to make she takes plenty of
time to look about her and duly consid
ers the proposition before rushing madly
to the nearest shorthand college anil mas
tering the myEtic looking scratches.
Instead che asks herself the question,
""What have I always done to kill tim<??"
And then ehe haa solved tho all important
question cf bread and butter and more
than likely jam and a bit of fruit on the
elde. For every girl who takes up some
kind of work as a plaything is a genius
In that particular line and if she did but
kr.ow H has discovered her forte.
Mrs. May Mott-Sralth Bird found her
self a designer of quaint jewelry and
fame carne to her unasked. Her own
particular fad has always been what she
termed "freaky" thinps and because she
couldn't lind what she fancied at the
ehops ehe was poized with a determination
to make it herself. What rings and pins
the possessed were too commonplace to
please her and !n an idle moment she dug
out the etones and went to work with her
pencil. Then she hied herself to a man
ufacturing jeweler and only presented him
with her drawings and waited impatient
ly for him to do the rest.
The result was very simplo and In a
meaet:re what one might expect. First
one friend admired and expressed a de
sire for something on the sajne order and
the nest thine she knew her time was
completely taken up thinking out quaint
rings, queer pins and peculiar chains.
WOMEN have come Into a new
occupation and a mighty good
one at that. Nowadays if a girl
finds that she has her own way
THE SUNDAY CALIj.
CHAPTER XX V1L
THE ART OF DESIGNING
AS A BUSINESS
FOR A WOMAN
5
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
The Quality Kind
Made on Special Frames
The Perfect Fitting MaKe
CHILD'S HOSE, fast black,
jersey knit, double heels, toes
and knees; all sizes 10c a pair
CHILD'S HOSE, made of silk-
finished fast black thread, dou-
ble heels, toes and knees.. 15c
CHILD'S HOSE, made of Aus-
tralian wool, steam shrunk, fast
black, soft as velvet 25c
JOE ROSENBERG
816 Market Street, S.P.
The Home of Good Hosiery. I
Mail orders solicited. |N his new novel, "Dr. Xavler," Max
1 Pemberton has not added anything to
his reputation as a popular writer. He
gives us one of those tales of an lm-
probable country with Improbable
characters, but he falls to make these
characters anything more than lay fig
ures, acted upon by the machinery of the
novel. And the machinery Is of a fearful
and wonderful. type.
Given the typical poor but honest Eng
lish girl out of a . situation to commence
with, Pemberton leads her through a list
of experiences well calculated to whiten
every hair on an ordinary mortal's head,
but she comes out of It triumphantly and
has her head resting on the bosom oX a
Max Pemberton
Gains Nothing
By New Novel
IN these days, when the restoration of
the Hebraic empire In Palestine Is be
ing agitated by Jewish dreamers, and
.even the most prosaic of the race are
. beginning to feel, a unity among the
Jews the world over, not a small factor In
the onward movement of race coalition Is
the Jewish Encyclopedia, the fifth volume
of which has Just been published by the
Funk & Wagnalls , Company, New York.
This comprehensive work, compiled from
the contributions of noted Jewish schol
ars over the entire world. Is a congress
of facts upon every known subject touch
ing upon Hebrew history and Hebrew tra
ditions. ¦
¦ In volume five there . are tat articles
upon topics ranging from the myths con
cerning the garden of Eden to the uses
of the goat In Biblical times. Under the
title "Egypt" the story of the bondas;* of
the children of Israel is told In detail. Re
productions of ancient hleroglyphlcal pic
tures of the Egyptian . task master* #"4
Hebrew , slaves plentifully Illustrate' the
.text. ; -. ' '.i)i ¦¦ .,; . :¦"..., ¦",-'. :.V \.;_:.i.v
The Book of Eccleslastea Is the subject
1 *.
Prince when the author has finished with
her. She meets with a strange physician
and by him is taken to a house In Lon
don which Is fitted up like a palace of the
genii. There she undergoes a marvelous
beauty-making process, consisting of
Turkish baths, delightful dreams In beds
of rose petals and douces of radio energy.
But the radiant beauty ensuing .Is only
used by the wily doctor to catch the eye
of a wandering Prince of some unknown
kingdom up the Pyrenees and fearful
complications follow.
Pemberton's story Is a combination of
"WTjdern Arabian Nights," "Prisoner of
Zchtia," "Graustark" and other tales of
the - Improbable, . Stevenson's mysteries
are handled so delicately as to' give the
impression of credibility; Anthony Hope's
romance Is | so fetching . that the reader
does not stop to question Its probability;
but In this latest book Pemberton's plot
machine clanks so regularly and so sonor
ously throughout the whole tale that
nothing Is left to the characters but to
be whirled from one situation Into an
other.
At on* point does -the author, redeem
himself and that Is in the many, descrip
tive passages. He has the power of bring
ing striking pictures vividly before the
reader and fixing them, by a few well
Great Jewish
Encyclopedia
Now Growing
chosen phrases. Whether It be a row*
bower or a turretad castle in Spain. Pern
fcerton makes one see what he I* de
scribing with remarkable clearness.
(D. Appleton & Co., N«w York, Price
SI 60; illustrated.)
Garden." He mourns the failure of the
typical great American novelist to ma
terialize out of all of the fiction writers
of the country. He urges the writing of
a great epic of the West. Through It all
runs a strong personal note, which makes
the critical essays come home as if Nor
ris himself were speaking.
Those who have not delved In the
deeper realms of esthetic criticism will
read "The Responsibilities of a Novelist"
with more understanding than they would
any critical essays of Matthew Arnold or
Hamilton Wright Mabie. • For forceful
statement of fundamental facts In novel
writing and reading at least Norris' col
lection of essays could be better recom
mended to the fiction readers at large
than anything Arnold or Mable have writ
ten.
(Doubleday, Page & Co., New York.
Price Jl 25.)
NewBooks Received
PA GLADDEN: Elizabeth Cherry
Walts: the Century Company, New Torx;
Illustrated; price $1 50.
THE POOL, IN THE DESERTi Mrs.
Everard Cotos; D. Appleton & Cot. Nrnn
York; price $1 60. •
THE TRIFLER: Archibald Syr*; Smart
Bet Publishing Company, New York; Utaa*
trated; price SI 25.
THE BEATEN PATH: Richard &
Makln; Macxnillan Company, New Yoffk|
price $1 50.
FOUR-IN-HAND: Oeraldln* Asthooy?
D. Appleton & Co., New York; lUustxmtedj
price SI 50.
THE KNOCKERi Frank Veornlesi
Mutual Book Company. Bostoni Clus»
trated. '^" - *
MORE FTVX-M3N UTB STORIES: Uumt
E. Richards: Dana Eetes & Co., Boeton|
illustrated: oric* *>
BILLY WHISKERS' KIDS: Franee*
Trego Montgomery; Baalfleld Publishing
Company, Akron, Ohio; Illustrated.
MY CANDLES AND OTHER POKMSt
Eliza Boyle O'Reilly; Lee & Shepard,
Boston; price XL
SHAPES OF CLAY: Ambrose Blercei
W. E. Wood, Ban Francisco; Illustrated,
TO CALIFORNIA AND BACK: C. A.
Hlgglns and Charles A. Keeler; Double
day, Page & Co., New York; Illustrated; .
price SI 50.
ALONG FOUR - FOOTED TRAILS!
Ruth A. Cook; James Pott A Coc. New
York; Illustrated; price » 25.
BIOGRAPHY OF CHARLES A. 8.
VIVIAN: Imogen H. Vivian; Whitaker-
Ray Company, San Francisco; Illustrated;
price $1.
THE PHILIPPINES: Samuel MacClln
tock; American Boak Company, New
York; Illustrated.
ORIENTAL AMERICA! Theodore W.
Noyes; Judd ; & Detweller, Washing
ton. D. C.
BACKGROUNDS OF LJTEItATURBj
Hamilton Wright Mable; Outlook Com
pany. New York; Illustrated; price S3.
WE, THE PEOPLE: Edward Everett
Hale: Dodd. Mead & Co.. New Yorkj
Illustrated; price $1 6a
MODERN PRACTICAL. THEOIXXJYl
Professor Ferdinand 8. Schenk. D. D.1
Funk & Wagnalls. New York; price *L
MONEY BANKING AND FINANCE:
Albert S. Bolles. Ph. D.. LL.D.; Amer
ican Book Company: New York.
MONEY AND CREDIT: Wilbur Aid
rich; Grafton Press. New York
STORY OF RAPID TRANSIT: Beckle*
Willson; D. Appleton & Co., New York*
Illustrated.
PHYSICAL. LABORATORY MANUAL*
B. E. Coleman. 8. B., A. M.; American
Book Company, New York; Ulastratadi
-pric* O.
_ N extremely Interesting work Is
r\ "The Life and Times of Thomas
f^l Jefferson." from the pen of Thomas
] E. Watson, the Georgian ex-Con
gressman and author of works on
the French Revolution and Napoleon
Bonaparte. Interesting It is not for any
new historical facts set forth, but for the
remarkably controversial attitude which
it takes against all standard writers of
American history. Mr. Watson's book Is
boldly hurled into the camp of contem
porary historians as a deliberate chal
lenge, provoking reply by the very pug
nacity of Its assertions.
"The Life and Times of Thomas Jeffer
son" Is nothing If not belligerent. With
sleeves rolled back to the elbow and pen
hurtling across the page the author has
set himself to avenge all of the calum
nious assertions against Jefferson which
have been made by such historians as
Henry Adams, Woodrow Wilson. William
Eleroy Curtis and Theodore Roosevelt.
He declares that, unfortunately, Ameri
can history has been written by New
Xnglanders alone, and despite the lapse
cf years the venom of the old Federalist
party has so embittered the blood of tha
modern scribes that Jefferson has suf
fered nothing but contumely and oppro
brium at their hands. Stinging personal
rebukes to each of the offenders In turn
are administered unsparingly by the
Georgian writer, and they are admonished
that now Is their time to come forward
and establish by facts the strength of
their disparagements.
¦ Because Alexander Hamilton, the Fed
eralist, consistently opposed the political
views of Thomas Jefferson, the first Dem
ocrat, Watson pours forth upon the hon
ored head of the first Secretary of the
Treasury, the vials of his pent-up wrath.
He charges Hamilton with being a pluto
crat, a merciless oppressor of the poor,
an unscrupulous upholder of class privi
leges.
In order to throw his hero with Demo
cratic Ideas more prominently into the
light the author casts a most Stygian
blackness over the principles of the Fed
eralists and the political actions of that
party. He brands Washington's policy
toward England as craven; he declares
that the Federalists' treatment of « the
overtures from the French republic was
dastardly, ungrateful and Immediately re
sponsible for the embargo act and conse
quent financial disaster during Jefferson's
administration. He maintains that had
Washington's Cabinet treated Citizen
Oenet fairly there Is no telling how the
United States might have profited by the
wars of Napoleon.
Of the reaction, against the Federalists
and the final triumph of the Republicans,
then so called, with Jefferson, their lead
er. In the Presidential chair, Watson
writes with fairness and careful minute
ness of detail. With great dramatic force
are recounted the details of the hotly
contested election between Jefferson and
Aaron Burr, when the House was called
upon to decide the tie vote of the elec
tors. Watson takes occasion to champion
Burr's discredited reputation by showing,
and with Justice, the sterling qualities of
tha man «nd statesman before ho was
tempted. >
Prejudiced though It manifestly may be,
even Incorrect In places. Thomas Watson's
book should be read. It should be read
not as a history, but as one man's strong
opinions about one of the great characters
In - American history. (Appleton & Co.,
New York. Price fl HL)
WATSON COMES
TO THE RESCUE
OF JEFFERSON
FRANK NORRIS
GIVES RULES
FOR THE NOVEL
IT must b« with a compelling sense of
his own unwortftlness that . the aver
age reviewer dares to aDproach the
posthumous volume of Frank Norris'
critical -repays which has been re
printed from liis contributions to various
literary mngazlnee. For In one of his
printed taJks on things literary as. they
are and should not be Norris takes the
occasion to ttrar the veil from the poor
newspaper reviewer and show him to the
world in his true colors as a driven hack
who reviews a column of novels four
feet h'eh In one hour's lime. Since Nor
ris cor. f esses -that be has done the same
thing himseif, the reviewer may lfft his
head -a uifle and uncover his typewriter
with- a- fleeting- aervse" that he is at least
In an honored, profession.
"The Responsibilities of the Novelist"
is a book which, has long been 'needed.
The public needs it; the wou!d-be novel
ist and budding short story writer needs
it. ' It is at once an exposition of the
inner -workings of the craCt and a val
uable guide to the great throng of novel
readers. For the first time a novel. st who
feels that his ov,n success warrants the
assumption has come forward and given
tlit* public -a clear, fair view of what the
novelist is. what are his methods and
what his faults. This volume of essays
could well be tailed a hand book'to the
modem novel and a guide to novel writ
ing. ¦
Especial Interest attaches Itself to these
essays, for In them we rind Norris' ideals
concerning th«» novel if not the key it
telf to the works in fiction which he has
U ft behind him. One has only to take
•'McTeasjue." "The Octopus" or' "The
Pit" and see' clearly what was the mo
tive spring which created them. None
the less can 'one see wherein his earlier
works fell short of the standard which
a more mature study of the aims and
ethics of the novel has thus established
in these essays. Nor can one but feel
that first and' a'Bove 'air "else" Norris" was
a tsincore workman who strove to express
in his creations that which he felt to
be true in his own heart. The essavs In
this volume vindicate his earlier crudi
ties in that they demonstrate that they
were genuine strivings after the ideal and
not affectations.
In the essay on "The Responsibilities of
the Novelist" Ncrrls declares that the
novel is the great expression of modern
life as was architecture in the middle
ages and painting in the Renaissance;
that with the pulpit and the press, it Is
one of the three great factors in the !lfe
of the people. With that declaration he
then impos-cs a stern injunction upon the
novel writer of to-dav. '
"How necessary it becomes, then," he
says, "for those who, by the simple art
of writmg. can Jnvade the heart's heart
of thousands, whose novels are received
with such measureless earnestness— how
necessary it becomes for those who would
wield such power to use it rightfully. Is
it not expedient to act fairly? Is it not
in heaven's name essential that the people
hear not a lie but the truth?" *
In a vigorous attack upon what he
terms the "tin pot helmet and baggy hose"
style of historical romance, which still
has its vogue in the book marts of to
day, Norris proceeds to tell what he
thinks is not the 'truth. He brands the
pseudo romanticists as '•'business men who
prostitute the. good name of American
literature for a sliding scale of royalties."
He will have none of that In bis. The life
Immediately about us is the thing which
Norris would have the novelist depict—
the story of the neighbor around the cor
ner. He would* evidently.- prefer a second
McTeague to another of Charles Major's
knight in full bloom. And really who
would not? , .-."' '
After discoursing upon -novels of pur
pose and purposeless novels, Norris pro
ceeds to define what he must have striven
for in "The Octopus" and "The Pit"— the
novel which "proves something, draws
conclusions from a whole congeries of
forces, social tendencies, race Impulses;
devotes Itself not to the study of men.
but of man." This he asserts to be the
Ideal novel— the teacher of the people.
Certain aspects of American literature
next claim the author's Attention. He
characterizes the so-called popular fiction.
He notes the Introduction of the study of
nature into popular fiction such as In ex
emplified" In "Elizabeth and Her German.
HERE Is no doubt. X «oppo*e»
* , tb*t If some one should cet up
• • a voting contest to see who Is
1 the most eminent of living
| American authors, Mr. How
r ells would get away with most
of the coupons," writes a reviewer of
"Letters Home," In the Syracuse Post
Standard. "Whether they read him or not
people know about him and like him, or,
as the expressive phrase goes, 'stand for*
him. I guess the secret of it Is, for one
thing, that every one has a strong faith,
in Mr. Howells' genuineness and Ameri
canism. He does not go to Italy for his
scenes and characters as Marlon Craw
ford does: be does not retreat Into the
past as Mr. Churchill and most of th«
other romance writers do. He deals with
the here and now, with Broadway and
Beacon street, -with Iowa and Central
New York, with the election of Mayor
Low and the trust movement. He han
dles all these familiar, commonplace and
homely things and makes good stories of
them— no easy task. And with all his
humor and clear insight he preserves a
noble faith In everything that is Ameri
can."
Peter Newell has Illustrated "The Hunt-
Ing of the Snark. and Other Poems/* by
the author of "Alice's Adventure* la
Wonderland." and Harper & Broe. ar*
now bringing out the book In a handsome
holiday edition uniform with "Alice"
and '"Through the Looking-Glaaa," sis*
illustrated by Mr. Newell. which
they published last year and the
year preceding. In connection with the
new volume, which has a colored frontis
piece and numerous amusing pictures la
tint, Mr. Newell explained to an Inter
viewer that though most of his Illustra
tive work is reproduced In black and
white, or in one tint, he really paints ta*
greater number of his pictures In color*,
finding It far easier and more elective to
work in that medium. "And there Is mor«
Inspiration In color," added the artist.
It Is not generally known that Mr. New
ell has exhibited pictures In oil at the
New York Academy of Design; and at the
Atlanta exposition one of his water color*
was purchased as the nucleus of a pro*
posed gallery In Atlanta.
HE F?:rit cf the desert Is th°re— the
T powerful grip of the Interminab'e
njesa and sand was'.e wheh awes
men's souls by its very immensity.
Read Mary Austin's latest book.
"The Land of Lltti* Rain." if you
wocld have the charm of the great Cali
fornia desert revealed to you Is a telling
etyle. This little known country wiih its
grim Death Valley, its .nythical Peg Leg
mine, its weird traditions, is htre exploit
er In a manner which makes the reading
a true pkasure.
A page from nature is th.s book, but not
one of those lilac scented little sketches
about New England hollyhocks or glades
in the Hampshire hills. This takes the
bad lands, the bare, forbidding play
grounds of the volcanoes, where man and
beast have to fight hard f ¦ life— these
lands it takes and uncovers the poetry
which lies behind burnt scarp and pant ng
desert. The bold, unwinking desert siars.
the timorous little puftball of a field
mouse are alike made to lake thtir place
In the picture Mary Austin pain is of the
land she loves.
The first impression on* gains from
"The Land of Little Rain' Is that its au
thor has so long lived in t le deserjf that
she has gained :he gift of reading tnn-ugh
the outward form of things and *ce;ng
the secret of nature which lios hidden be
r.eath. The great desert economy of life
teems an cptn book to her. She knows
vhy the hard crusted eeed lies dormant in
the sands for years until me lucky seu-.on
of green comes about in the ine^ ble
cycle of des<rt weather. She knows . hy
the covote follows the why the
buzzard shadows the loneiy miner on the
jilkaii sands of Death Valley. All the
tricks <'t the little desert things that live
la crannies of the rocks are 10 her aa un
rolled scroll.
In the epentsg pages ot her book Mrs.
Austin gives a Erapn'* can* as of the
land A* would have us see. "There are
tills, receded, blunt, burned, squeezed up
out of chaos. • chrome and vermilior
painted, aspirins to the RUW line. Be
tween the hills lie high levei-lookiitg
plains full ut intolerable zvr\ jjiare or nar
row valkye drowned in a blue haze. The
hill Eurface is streaked vith a,sh tir.fi
and black, onweathered lava flc\vs. In
the broad wastes oi*m to th«r wind the
sand drifts in hummocks about the stub
by shrubs, and between iheni the *uil
shows saline traces." ¦ '•••
In this lire-scarred waste of the .world
tl.cre lie* an trr**Ut!bM •something, say*
Mrs. Austin, which holds men to it while
they curse it. There is a lotus charm in
the cltar. air, a promise of riches bor.eath
the chifUng sand, a full deep sen.sfc of
limitless freedom which binds the vagrant
miner and sheep herder to the so.l by
subtle chains of nature's forging. Mau
reverts to thr first age— the primitive stale
Of Independence.
The golden treasure of the desert l<§
shown to be the tiny water rill hidden be
neath some black basalt rock In a cranny
of tbe~hllls. About this Mrs. Austin
weaves the whole tragedy of the dewrs
among the four-footed kind. Thither lead
the tlny^tralls of the desert squirrel and
the kargaroo rat; thither follow th-3
slinking bob-cat, the coyote and the f.ix.
Each furred or feathered creature must
venture to the waterhole and there risk
bis life on the hazard of a drop of the
precious fluid. Life for the four-foote 1 is
a grim reality In the desert. Mrs. Auciln
makes one feel for the fcurtden death of a
rat almost as h* would for the agony of
a *"»"
Of the men who make the desert land
their bom* abe gives a striking picture.
The vagrant pocket hunter who ranges
the mountains from Mojave to Truckee.
always scratching and grubbing at the
rocks for the golden treasure which, he
rarely finds, has a warm spot for him
self In the heart of the author. Describ
ing one old vagabond.' Mrs. Austin says:
Mrs. Austin's desert book does not
weary you with a sermon nor claim your
"He was a small, bowed man, with a
face and manner and speech of no char
acter at all, as if he bad that faculty of
small bunted things of taking . on the
protective color of his surroundings. His
clothes were of no fashion that I couid
remember, except that they bore liberal
markings of pot black, and he had a
curious fashion of going about with bis
mouth open, which gave him a vacant
look until you came near enough to per
ceive him busy about an endless hummed,
wordless tune. He traveled far and took
a long time to It, but the simplicity of his
kitchen arrangements was elemental."
To the care-free, tnanana life of the
Mexican herders and the dull, colorless
existence of the desert Indians the author
devotes her attention. "There are still
tent places in the West where the quails
cry 'cuidado,' " says Mrs. Austin, "where
all the speech is soft, all the manners
gentle; where all the dishes have chile
In them, and they make more of the 16th
of September than they do of the Fourth
of July." She then gives a soft picture in
brown tones of the little "town of grape
vines," where everybody waits until the
sun goes down and then dances in the
plaza to the tinkling of the guitars. To
this Is contrasted the flat, emotionless
life In Ehoshone iand. i.: •>'
close, attention with a pint. It Is a freih,
who'esexne taste of nature, fparklir.R with
the pure air of the drsert. Kven without
tfie excellent illustrations from the pencil
of nnyd Smith, the strangely beautiful
picture of the forRotten corner of Cali
fornia down on the southeastern border
Is made compelling, from cover to cover.
In the little town of Independence there
lives a nature Ftudent and writer of na
ture who?* claim to a place amonx Cal
ifornia's writers is well founded.
[Houchton, Mlfliin & Co., New York.
Price $:.]
of a lone discussion by Dr. Hargoliuth of
Oxford. This crux of Biblical scholars of
fers Itself, to the noted antiquarian as a
worthy subject for Inquiry.. Every noted
Jew of history, art or philosophy whose
name comes within the alphabetical scope
of the present volume is given a place in
the work according to his Importance.
Dr. E. G. Hlrsch, the famous Jewish
scholar of Chicago, contributes a remark
able article on the topic "Gentile," which
breathes a fairness of spirit and catho
licity of religious opinion which should
recommend It to a genllle reader. Dr.
Schechter contributes an article on the
genizah; Dr. Benzinger writes of the an
cient priests' ephod.
The Jewish Encyclopedia is not limited
In Its subjects only to things Hebraic
Every known fact Is treated with erudi
tion by writers of note.
Gossip About
the Popular
WRITER.S and
NOTES OF
the Publishers.
Mrs. Austin's
Picture of the
PAINTED
DESERT
of California.
THE SUXDAT OALTi.
AMONG THE AUTHORS AND
THEIR BOOKS
6will not be my responsibility."
Meanwhile one member after another
of the Wyatt household was awakened
by the peals of thunder.
Lucy in : her pale blue wrapper came
softly downstairs. "I am afraid to be up
In the third story all alone In this awfui
storm," she confessed as she sought tha
safe harbor of Deborah's room.
"Come in to me, dear,"" said Letltla.
Lucy was standing on the threshold of
Deborah's door. - i
"Deborah Isn't there," she' exclaimed.
"Nonsense. Of course she is there; she
la asleep." -
"Come and see for yourself."
The two sisters looked at the crumpled
bedclothes and at the pillow, with its re
cent indentations, and then at each oher.
"I believe she has gone out to the cow,"
said Letltlo. "She will take her death of
cold. Run down, Lucy, and see if Laura
Macauley's umbrella is in the stand."
"I "don't dare go. I am afraid of tha
lightning."
Miss Letitla went down a few steps and
looked ovtr the balusters." It Isn't there,"
she said. . -
Esther opened her door at that moment
"I want a little society," she remarked.
"Well, perhaps you are right I don't
know what has got Into ma to-day, but
when Letitla came out In her white morn
ing gown, looking so cool and superior,
and laughed at me in my short skirt.
and told me to go In, I vowed I wouldn't
stir a steiK"
"I. haven't on a white gown, and I am
not cool and superior."
"There are days when Letltla sets my
nerves on edge," Miss Deborah confessed.
"I know It is wrong of me, for she is al
waya eo reasonable and sweet tempered,"
"I am pretty sura. If jon and I both
sacrifice our lives for her - sake, she
won't".
"You ridiculous boyl Come, you never
did like to do anything useful. Let me
take my place again."
"Aunt Deborah, I am going to sit on
this camp stool and fan the cow until
you pronjlse to go into the house."
"John, don't be obstinate."
"If I am I Inherited the trait from a
collateral." ] *
"Give me that fan."
. "Don't you wish you could get ltr* -
"John, you are behaving like a bojr
or io." - r
''Aunt Deborah, you are behaving Ilk* a
girl of 6."
together and gave her sister in panto
mime behind her back, for John's benefit
the good shaking she longed to admin
ister.
Cowslip Improved. By the end of the
day there seemed to be a fair probability
of her recovery, but when Patrick came
at night be thought It best not to try to
move her for the present.
"I hope, •Deborah, you won't think It
necessary -to fan her all the evening,"
Miss Letltla observed.
In the middle of the night Miss De
borah was dimly conscious of gusts of
¦wind and a storm of rain beating against
the house. She remembered that tfie
entry window was wide open, and that
the carpet would get soakea, but she was
too tired to care. A blinding flash of
lightning and an almost ' Instantaneous
peal of thunder ' recalled her sharply to
this world.
"Cowfiip!" she cried. "Th« poor dear
will die of cold!"
Forgetting her fatigue she hastily
flung on her grray-and-whlte flannel
wrapper, and slipping her bare feet into
her rubbers, she seized a couple of old
blankets and started for the front door.
In the entry she paused and gave a hur
ried xlanca at tha umbrella stand. Laura
how are you getting on? It la an awful
night for you to be out Tou ought to
have rheumatic fever or pnetzn&cia as a
sequel to this escapade." * - -
. "I have never done what was expected
of me In my whole life, John, and I am
not likely to begin at my age/* ,
Miss Deborah proved a true prophet
She did not even have a cold as a conse
quesco of her adventtxra. Miss . Letitia
watched her carefully for two or threa
days for symptoms of chills and fever or
grippe.
"I know you are dreadfully disappoint
ed, Letltla."* Miss Deborah observed
briskly. "It is hard you can't have the
comfort of saying: 'I told you' so.* and
'When will you ever learn not to do such
craxy things?* "
**I am thankful you haven't made your
self in. dear."" returned Misa Letltla.
"but 'it was Just as crary a thing for you
to do."
"Well. I don't care. I am as strong as
a horse and there Is no reason why I
should not do craxy things. I mean to do
crazier and , crazier things. Letitia. I
think it is time I had my Cin*. _And I
eccompllshed my object Cowslip"!* get
ting well."
"I have no doubt she would hava got
tmJI in any evtnt," »ai<J Miss L^tUlSv,
A terrific peal of thunder drowned tha
close of her remarks, and John plunged
downstairs and out Into the storm, trust
ing to the lightning to guide his steps.
. "How terrible It. would be if on« of them
should be struck," Lucy suggested with a
little shiver, as she crouched down on her
sister's bed. Esther went In to see how
the children and the baby were faxing.
They were peacefully sleeping. It
more than a little thing like a thunder
storm to wake them.
Meanwhile Miss Deborah, having ful
filled her duty in the station In life to
which she had been called, was slowly
making 1 her way homeward. Her. India
rubbers were filled with water, which
gurgled out in cold streams on her bare
feet with every step she took. She was
drenched to- the skin, but It was such
a warm night that she enjoyed It In fact
the. whole adventure was one that ap
pealed to her daring spirit. After two or
three brilliant Cashes of lightning there
was a period of Ethiopian darkness,
through which she struggled toward the
beacon lights of tt»e house. Present^ a
vised Miss Letltla from her room. "The
lantern Is In the china closet cupboard,
the right-hand cupboard on the middle
shelf.". • . :
"I was on!y Joking. I never dreamed
of really borrowing Laura's sacred um
brella. Letltia. do you think I oiipht to
send It back?" Miss Deborah's outbreak
of temper had left her In a chastened
mood. Under these circumstances she
was willing to ask her sister's advice.
"I don't know. What d.d she say,
children?"
"She laughed ard laughed xchen she
heard the cow was sick. I guess she
wouldn't think it was so funny if It was
her cow. And she said— what was it she
said, Lily? She was so particular for us
to remember it exactly."
"She said. 'Please give my compliments
to your Aunt Deborah, and tell ker I am
glad she can find such a good use for my
sketching umbrella.' "
"You may as well keep it. as she was
kind enough to send it," LetlU w>
eeled. Bo the umbrella stayed. Miss De
borah and. the children went with it into
the tndosure behind the garden, where
the cow was stretched limply on the
grass. Miss Deborah planted the umbrella
firmly In the ground, and its generou3
shade kept the sun from poor Cowslip's
head.
"There." said Miss Deborah when her
work was accomplished. "I am glad that
umbrella is doing a useful deed for once
In Its life. Children, run In and ask your'
Aunt Letltla to give you the big palm
leaf fan that stands on the up of the
right-hand bookcase in the libraiy. and I
will fan this Door creature: the K:es are
troubling her. And bring out the lit:Ie
camp stool." ,
There was nothing funny to the chil
dren in the p cture their Aunt Deborah
made as she sat oil hex camji stool that
hot forenoon waving her large paim-leaf
fan. and It is safe : to «as«xrt that the
humorous sice did not strike Cowslip.
Mis Letltla was amused. when she sallied
out toward 12 o'clock to se how her slater
was faring.
"Deborah, you look too absurd In your
short skirt with that huge fan under that
immense umbrella. You remind me of a
toad under a toadstool. I never saw any
thing so funny in my life." *
"I am glad if ycu are amused."
"I wish you could see yourseif," said
Miss Letltia. and she laughed again. "Per
haps you wculd^like me to send your din
ner to. you?" she added ironically.
"I should like to swear at you, Letitia
Wyatt, that is what I shouid like. You
are enough to drive a saint crary.''
"I did not mean to make. you .ingry. I
never can tell what is going to make you
angry," Letit'a remarked in an injured
tone. "It was merely in fun. You cau
usually see the funny side of things as
well ci any one."
"If you think it is eary to see the fun
ny side of the dangerous illne?s t of your
only cow. when you have been broiiing
like a lobster in her service, i ou can taiia
your turn and try it. I am a little tired
and will give up my place to you wiMng
ly."
"Trank you. The sun always gives me
a headache."
"It is lucky that I am so constituted
that I like the scorching sun."
"Deborah, dear, I am sure you are very
tired. Do leave the cow to herself. A
few flies won't hurt her. You are of more
importance than the cow. If she is gj;ng
to die she will die. and If she is going to
get weir she win get well."
"Good-by. Letitia Wyatt. I hare en-
Joyed your call exceedingly, but L think
you ought not to stay out any lori£«r in
the broiling sun."
"Why don't you get Lily and Jack to
fan her?"
"Why don't I get chain lightning to
help me?"
"Deborah, I insist, for your own good,
upon your coming Into the house at
once."
"Letitia, I won't." "
Miss Deborah had been fully Intending
to take a recess, but she was not going
to be ordered In by Letitla.
Miss LetiUa went back and held a fam
ily council. As the result, Lucy came
out presently with a glas3 cf lemonade
and a piece of -sponge cake.
"Xow. Deborah, just let me fan Cow
slip for a few minutes." she coaxed as
her Bister gratefully accepted the prof
fered lunch.
"My, dear, you will get a sunstroke. I
shall not allow It on any account"
"Then. come In with me. When It gets
cooler you can fan her again."
"I am going to fan Cowslip as long aa
I like."
When John came home a little later he
was taken Into Mies Letltia's confidence.
"Your Aunt Deborah has one of her
obstinate fits," she Informed him. "She
wljl stay and fan that cow until she
Crops."
"Aunt Deborah or the cow?"
"It is no Joking matter. It Is preposter
ous; a middle-aged lady, sitting under a
sketching umbrella, fanning a cow and
declaring that she will not be dictated to
by anybody. Try If you can't make her
listen to reason. John."
John obediently went out to the lnclos
ure. "It's a pleasant day, /-ant Debo
rah." he beran blandly.
"Very."
"A trifle warm?" he suggested.
"A trifle,"
"Give me that fan. I want to try tan
ning Cowslip a minute."
She rose from her cams stool and let
him take her place.
"How long have you been oat here?"
he inquired, as be swung the fan briskly
back and forth. 'y * -
"Sixteen years. Judging oy my feelings."
"I thought so. It Is six months since I
cams out"
"Do you think Cowslip Is going to die?/'
Miss Deborah Inquired anxiously.
IT iXWXIS was easy for ICas De
borah to sake a choice, aad aba bad
chosen Cowslip with hardly a sao
mesfa hesitation. Therefor* It TU
cot Leer's advice she wanted, bat
eerely the support cf her admiration.
Cowslip was a pretty Alderney. The only
fault that could be found with bar looks
""¦«* a white patch p'.aced on bar fao* In
an Irregular way. which Lucy felt la
•tlncdveiy wwuld be very trying to Leti
tia. aad yet it did cct seesn of suSdaat
importance to prevent the purchase.
"When the cow arrived the whole family
went ant to the barn to see her installed,
er.c" John, Esther and the children were
loud in her praises. Miss Letitla looked
at her in a mere critical spirit.
"How airy eews did you tare to
rtieci— from?" aha asked Deborah.
"Three."
"I should think you might have found a
belter looking cne."
"Why, I love that deep fawa color.**
a*J4 Esther.
"The eelor Is all right, but that white
patch on her face drives me wild. It Is
so cne-slded."
"I didn't think about that." said De
borah.
"I rever kr.ew nr.y one with so little
esthetic aer.se as you have," Letltla re
marked plaintively. "I should have
!•• :jrht a ccw that was not conspicuous.
However, if you and Lucy like her It is
< f no cor.secuenoe whether I am eatli-
I am quite accustomed to accept
ti c the choice cf others. Only I can't
r- .- hew t o peorle with averare eyes
r :.d have looked at that cow without
: tictrg tK*t the white spot gave her a
v- :d rxpreesVra. Her milk will be Just
r rond." rht added with an assumption
• *s Detfarab'a r>asure in the posses
t\ n of the cc*v was considerably damp
en I She tr'e.1 to recollect whether Dsisy
r- r*n<V1!cn had white spots on their
i y. j=p<3 writ to far as to suggest that
t^ " r^'ght effect an exchange.
' "o." 5->!<i il'.^s Letltio. "Tou have
fc ?M hT and it fs best to keep her."
.tlrfa had nether but rhe highest
r>. !«r to g**« Cowslip's irllk and crcim.
*'I had r.o :c'ea t-*v» rt r. as Fuch a difference
batmen erve's miik and milkman's milk,"
sjbr observed tfTkdcusly.
The baty'r croopir.i? hralth revived,
tho children tork \< r.g draughts of milk
at Crc^ocat Intervals, end the family rev
eled in dew»rts with ar. accompaniment
f f whirred cream. They were a happy
fatnDy for a month, and then Cowslip
fell 111.
"I haw always heard that Alderneys
¦f» more delicate than any other cows,"*
Miss Letitia observed ominously at
brtskfa^t cne morning.
"Look here. Letitia Wyatf said Miss
Deborah. "I trill stand a great deal from
you. but that 1* a little too much. The
next time we have a cow you may chooae
her end »ee to the whole care of her. I
had the bother of buying Cowslip, and I
have no end of trouble with her first and
last. and I won't *tan<5 being criticised."
Letitla looked at h«"r lister reproach
fully. Deborahs orcasir.al outbreaks of
temper were one of the chief trials of
her lot. They were so unreasonable, so
unexpected.
"My dear." she said pently. "I was not
criticizing. I w-.s merely stating a fact."
Miss Letitia had never ceased to be
thankful that she had Inherited her
mother's even temper.
"I was a beast." Miss Deborah owned
remorsefully. "I am tired out with tax*
letr about Cowslip. She Is a dear creat
ure and she looked at me this morning
¦with such sn<1. reproachful eyes, beg
ring me to <Jo somethinK to help her.
Heaven knows I would spend my life
with her If it would do any pood."
"Why don't you hoM an umbrella over
h^r. Aunt Deborah T' Jack suggested.
"I have been thinking of something of
the kind. The veterinary F^r^eon says
Fh* is too ill to be moved. We can't even
get her into the shade. Patrick has tied
a wet Fpor.se to her horns. bi:t she still
feels the heat. I proposed to Patrick that
he thould make eorne scrt of a shelter for
her. but he didn't fee it in tha: light. He
was '<Jriv' with other work,' as he ex
pressed it. That If the trouble with hav
ir.sr only a tenth cf a man. When I am
rich I shall keep a whole on 1 ). I wish
Laura Macau'ey would lend me her
sketching umbrella."
Lily and Jack riashed off In oueet of
Mies Macauley. They were not commis
sioned Xo do so, but thought it well to
take tim« by the forelock.
Laura Macauley, cool and self-con
tained, was sitting on her side piazza with
the latest Atlantic Monthly in her hands,
when two breathless, disheveled children
rushed up to her.
"Please, Miss Laura. Aunt Deborah
«-ar.ts to borrow your sketching um
br*-l!s." Jack ranted.
"Yr>ur Aunt Deborah wants to borrow
my sketching umbrella?" Mies Macauley
repeated Incredulously. Bhe had never
r.^s-K-lated the fine arts with Miss De
borah Wyatt.
•'It !» for the cow," Lily explained.
Miss Macauley was under the impression
that somebody wanted to make a sketch
of Miss Deborah's favorite. "Who paints
at your house?" he inquired.
"It Is for the cow." Lily repeated. "She
is pick, and we thought it would be a
poo<5 plan to hold an umbrella over her,
and yours is the biggest in town."
"Did your Aunt Deborah eead you
here?"
•*Ehe didn't exactly send us." Lily con
fessed. "She just wished you would lend
feer the umbrella, and so we came for It
to save time."
Miss Maca.u!ey*s sense of humor wu
not of the keenest, but the picture of
Miss Deborah Wyatt. who had always
eeorned the amount of wasted time that
the sketching umbrella represented, being
reduced to abjectly borrow It for her
cow appealed even to her. She threw
back her head ar.d laughed.
"The cow is real rick," said Jack. "I
don't eee why you think It's so funny."
"We've got It, Aunt Deborah." tha
children said a little later, as they thrust
the sketching urabraHa into Miss De
borah's astonished hands.
"My dear children! Who told you \a
gi> for that umbrella?"
""We thought vre would surprise yon,"
THE FU2STDA-Y CALL.
- "I am seldom reasonable \ and only
sweet tempered by accident," John ob
served tranquilly. "Aunt Deborah, how
long do you mean to keep me out here?"
,"I advise you to go In at once."
"1 shan't until you do."
'JSow can I allow myself to be routed
by Letitia ?"
"You are only being routed by me. I
am not patient, and I shall begin to swear
presently; you know you wouldn't like
that" •
i "I am not so sure. It would be & relief
to have somebody swear."
They walked amicably back to the
house, John promising to come out again
before dinner to 'give Cowslip another
fanning.
"I was sore' John would make you listen
to reason." Miss Letltla said Serenely,
looking 'up from the book she was read-
Ing In the shaded library.
Ml** Deborah pressed her Ups firmly
Macauley*s sketching - umbrella was
thrust like an unwilling guest in among
the Wyatts' trim silk ones.
"It will spoil the • looks of It." she
said; "but no matter. It li In t good
cause. I shall have to get* her another.
I suppose they are expensive; never
mind. I hope she hasn't any tender as
sociations with it. but if she has they
must go."
Hastily taking the umbrella, she un
locked the door and started for the ln
cleaure. The blinding flashes of light
ning enabled her to find her way. In the
Intervals of darkness she paused occa
sionally to rest. "When Deborah reached
Cowslip at last she draped the blankets
over her and planted the sketching um
brella firmly In the ground. It was large
enough to keep off most of the rain.
"There, poor dear, I have done my lev
el best for you." she said. "IX you die It
"John Is asleep. Fancy sleeping Qiruugh
jj such a thunderstorm."
"Where do you 'suppose your Aunt De
borah is?" asked ills a Letltla,
"In bed, I hope." v
"Out on the hillside with Cowslip. I
don't believe she would care If she were
struck and killed If only that miserable
cow escaped. 1 1 -wish she . had as much
consideration for her family as she has
for animals. Now, of course, somebody
will have togo out and get htr la"
"I will wake John," eald Esther.
Her voice made a gentle acoompanlment
to the storm. They could not hear what
she said, although the door was ajar, but
above the sound of the tempest came an
exclamation In John's deep baas that
sounded suspiciously like "Damn the
cow."
Presently he came out. still grumbling.
•quipped in his oldest clothe*.
"You had better take the lantern," aA-
shadowy farm rose at htr H£».
Mi*s Deborah had a stout heart, but th»
apparition of & man at midnight in he;
garden gave her & fright Sh» steadied
her voice, however, and inquired stern
ly. "What are you doing hers at this time
of night when all respectable people are
In their beds?"
"Upon my word. I like that." answered
John's vole*. "What am I doing at this
time of night? If all respectable peopU
were In* their beds I shouldn't have had
this w^ld gocse chase, but rny wife in
«!sted on my going after you."
"X am bo relieved to Cad it is you. John
Poor fellow! It was a shame for them to
¦end you out. Letltla can never learn
that I am old enough to take care of my
¦e!f. The cow la getting on all right. I
covered her up In two thick blankets and
put Laura Macauley'a umbrella over her.
and I think she "
"Oh, confound the cowl The question: La,
THE NURSING OF COWSLIP
7newest waist* hare a very handsome
back, snug aa any tailored dress, while
the front Is xery full and verr blouse.
! There Is a new way of making the shirt
waist belt, a way which la seen upon the
new and expensive waists, but not upon
the cheaper ones. This method Is called
the split belt waist The belt Is cut at the
sides and the hack ia set upon a band.
The skirt of the dress la pulled up in the
back so as to cover this shirt waist band,
but the front of the waist, which Is upon
a separate band, is pulled down over the
skirt of the . dress to a long point in
front.
They may say that the front point la
going out. but it does not seem to me
that it la doing ao. If you will examine
the latest French pictures you will see
that tht long-pointed front . la still the
rogue and the longer the point the more
fashionable the gown, apparently.
Very 'stout women shouldJnot^txXl.the
long. front point, for. it7i» r flo£tru«?. that
by pulling down the -waist to *a pofat In
the front a woman looks smaller. / £jt ia
the allm woman who benefits by this'long
front point, not the stout J woman, . who
cannot, by the way, afford to emphaslae
her waist line In any manner.
Many of th* new ahlrt walsta hav* a
dash of color in them or a touch of ooloa
somewhere about them* It ia a very sim
ple matter to introduce color aomewhar*
ta the embroidery and a atill eaala* thin*
Yellow as a shirt v.aist color Is coming
In and there are some exquisite yellow
waists In linen and in heavy stuff. Some
of them are washable, others are not.
The yellow should be of a tint known aa
an amaryllls yellow, which la not aa
vivid as lemon yellow, but la softer and
warmer and clearer In tcne. It can be
worn -with pink and is one of those tint*
which take pink well.
There are shirt waist sets which ar«
charming, for they com© in canvas and in
coarse material, put together In new
ways. One of these sets shows a little
Turkish embroidery- There i3 a turnover
collar and there are wide turnover cuffs,
all made of linen of a faint cream color.
The-se are embroidered In brilliant Turk
ish colors, vines of red and blue and
green running around them. Sometimea
a Grecian pattern, very conventional, ia
employed !n place of the vines.
' The Russian sets, to be worn with the
short v.-alst. are still more original, for
these show cats and dogs, rough haired
and in action, disporting around the bor
der of cuffs and turnover collar. They
are extremely pretty, these seta, and can
be made up by any one with a pattern
and a scrap of material.
abont white that recommends itself mixrrm
all other colors. The daintiest of llnea
collars have the vine embroidered in col
ors:
THE winter plrl v.ill continue to wear
a uhlrt v.a!st. Of that there is no
I doubt r>.t all!
I It nay not be a flannel waist, for
there are women 5 who do not like .
the feelins of flannel ; end it may. not be
a cashmere vaist, noe a^v.aist of any. kind
of stuXZ K^ods. These ; waists ore non-*-
Waists That Will Be Worn by
Miss Alice Boossvelt, Miss
May Gcelct, I^ady Michael
Herbsrt and Others of the
Smart Set, Hatrons and
Maids— Th- Winter Shirt
Waist Has Its Peculiarities
and Its Advantages Over
the Summer Shirt Waist —
Points for the Woman of
Hems Tastes to Study and
Know.
of Havana, of coffee, of bumt'bread and
burnt , biscuit. There are all colors In
brown," fron* the deep wood brown which
is th«_ color of a dead old tree to the
bright" cafe au lalt which Is one of the.
prettiest tones that can be found in the
winter time, and each brown has its wel
come 'and 'appropriate' place. '<
' : > Fitting a Shirt Waist.
The secret of good shirt 'waist making
is to have the back snug, 'so -says a fa
mous'shirt waist 'maker, and to have the
front loose and Inclined to blouse at the
waist. . The French modistes | with their
fondness for. the snug-fitting waist cannot
bring themselves to the point of making
the blouse; shirt waist, and this is the rea
son why the S French shirt waist is so
rarely - a
But -with the "American shirt waist
maker It is different, and some of the
seen this winter In many guises. The
plain high, straight band, turnover col
lar is fashionable and women are running
to the collar departments to get It. It
is only a. year ago that such a thing aa
tho -straight linen collar could hardly fc«
bought, and women who were devoted
to It were obliged to buy boys' collars.
But now fashion's wheel has revolved
and. the. linen. collar Is the, thing again.
They are buying these collars and wash
ing the stiffening out. of them. With an
embroidery needle the woman of nice
tastes now embroiders, a pretty Tine
around the .collar and then when It is
completed she has the collar laundered
again. This gives her something hand
some and smart in the neckwear lice.
Shirt Waist Collars.
Collars are made up In blue linen as
well as in white, but there Is a something
• er to ¦ the' eHJow| fand soinetimea'ron^doirn
:, • to the ' wrist'^ >*. p^rc^ : . -\\ v \ ?/."!?• p $¦£&§
A;;. The trimming of'the'sieeve puff ia'a'fea
\*ture •tbat/must;'ri6t:.be.'forgbttenV; andyin
~ tlils .^respect there \ is '¦* the? vSpijidest ; variety •¦
fdr r prettVj.de«Igns. ¦ T^e^fcreatji '-.wiileipuff ,
ca n \ be Ya'ppllqued, ; embroidered; or other
wise trimmed, and if tastefully decorated
It! is ,'one ; of , the most attractive parts ' of
the costume.*;: ; T-.^',' '*/* '';¦¦ ' ; * '¦<¦:'¦•' '? '"¦¦'. '¦'" V
Miss May^Goe!et,;/whose. favorite" color'
Is rose/ 1 - wears'; a .rose-colored (llnen^ em-'
broldered' In. white.. \Thia' ? exceedingly 'ef
fective combination , Is \ carried' foiit^ in - a'
shirt-waist ; which buttons, in I^r^rifchfash
. Ion down ~the back.; This leaves froora' for
a very. r wfde" panel down 'the 'front,"' and
this, parser is a mass of roses^with,' leaves
and stem's all' embroidered -in white Isllk
and whitetcbttfln..ihe_aflk glistening, beau-,
tifully In the deep parts of the roses. •_: "
;. The Colors of Winter. 5! v '.' ,
The;* waist is trimmed . jwlth j fagoting, '
very .'.wide and carried .'out in ros# and,;
white : , silk. ; ' The* bpenwbrW . st'rlpesQho.w '
a very ) pretty . rose-colored ! underwaiji, or >
, slip which sets, -off the waist' very .Vwell .
indeed.* . ,j '¦;•'.'•.. - . .\ : .. _ +•-?>&. ¦-.--..
Again It can be remarked that there Is
no reason why .the woman -^of. domestic' J
tastes and handy needle, thoqgh, of Airmail. :
purse, should not benefit 'by,, the Jact that ;
the winter's 'styles •. run ; mostly L\toward*
handmade goods; and .again » It *'may ' be",
• s^ ld JJjf* ere . Ia «¦ ' w *lst 'which she. can./
easily .make for herself ' if . she r wlll ' taker
the trouble to fashion It' , ; '" *'-. V.-ivV
While blue and rose and white arm to' be-
the- poptfar colors,- it • cahnot be* denied'/
that brown Is creeping In and that there
will be some lovely gowns of brown' linen,!
of brown cheviot, of brown canvas and of '
brown In ! all- the other, shirt waist 'mate- .
rials before i very long. ~ " ' -. -
Brown Is** universally }, becoming, ' and.
what is more, : lt4s a' change. There have"
been so many blues "and'ao many grays."
so many tana and so ; many . vloleta ana
heliotropes that one .: turns .toward the;
. Bof t, , pretty; , cigar-colored stuffs with- a .
feeling of 'relief .that* they are- not blue.
»' In the new browns there are- all shades
But the sleeves are far from snug,, how
ever smart they may have' been. Tight to
the elbow, - they were 'very baggy below
It, and there j were deep - cuffs that ! fell
down over ' the knuckles. \ When 5 unbut
toned this sleeve- fell down over the hand
so aa to cover It completely, and only
when it was pushed up' on the arm and
the wrist clasped with- Ita pretty studs
could you • realize that; it- waa: a modern
sleeve. . Its puffs fell almost to the knees.
But all sleeves are not of this exag
gerated sort Many of them are decidedly
conventional, showing Just a little, full
ness in the arm, 'while a strip of embroid
ery runs down the sleeve from the should.
A modiste was. trying a waist upon one
of her patrons the *ther day. It was a
waist made of white linen, with an em
broidered vine down the front. The waist
buttoned In the back and • had the con
ventional yoke finish and \ the neat, snug,
trim, smart belt. . ¦*?.'/¦
The' much' more sensible waists! how
ever, are those of. very heavy linen arid
the English waists, which are of black
and white stripes and of blue and red
and white. These waists come In all
sorts of striped effects and are very neat.
The polka dotted waist looks very
Bmart at. .the beginning of winter and
looks-twell when the coat Is thrown open.
It comes : in mercerized materials -that
look very -much like silk and can be found
In deep \blue, in dark red and in all the
other colors. 'YWalsts of this description
are made 4 up /plainly and"" trimmed with
r ? d . s .?™ t L,. bu > t ? ns ' whIch are ; stationed
Coldly •'down Ttne"'* front." Similar" buttons
decorate' the rather severe coat sleeve.
About the sleeve - of ; the winter shirt
waist 'a great deaUcan 'be said. £For one
thing/- itr canine afflnned ; that It takes a
great "deal "of 'goods' and 'that' it is 'made
With the biggest 'bagglness in the history
of the dress sleeve/
The Winter Sleeve-
y .' i ¦ ~ /-.;¦¦
come m the golf Jackets, and there are
lovely little tightly knitted garments
Which are Just the thing for wearing un
der waists that are very thin and far too
transparent for winter. .-:
Those who like the organdie waist In
winter can provide themselves with some
thing to wear' under it so that there will
be no worry about Its lack of warmth.
Under waists of taffeta with high neck
and long sleeves now come -In all colon
and these walsta, which serve as corset
cover and under waist combined, can be
slipped on and the organdie waist worn
over on the outside. Still warmer Jackets
Last winter no less a personage than
Lady Michael Herbert, wife of the British
Embassader, wore at a restaurant din
ner a shirt waist of white organdie deco
rated with choux of coral velvet. Her
skjrt was a black-one with streamers of
coral velvet floating from the belt. I Her
hat was coral' colored and black. She
wore a seal coat and her outfit was con
sidered very youthful -and smart look
ing. 7::?.:^.. •. .<;.;-"
Lady Herbert's Waists.
The very thin materials will disappear
as cold weather comes on. And In their
places will come the cheviots, the can
vases and 'such materials, with, of course,
the fine wash' : flannels; and the stuff
waists. Heavy linens will be worn, too,
all winter and all goods that are not con
spicuously transparent.
True, an effort is being made to keep
the very thin. waists in style through. the
winter, and waists of ; organdie, of mull
and 'of the very sheerest lawn are being
bought for December wear/- But : it la
doubtful If they" will be! popular.
The majority of women will think such
waists Inappropriate for winter wear and
will keep them for the theater, for even
ing, for nice occasions and for chance
dinner parties when no dinner gown la
suitable or available.
work, coarse lace and embroidery.
Now. there is no reason why, in tLis
year of grace, any young woman with
a taste for needlework should not have a
gown as r fine as that of the President's
daughter and no reason why 'she should
not possess a' shirt waist Just as bril
liantly embroidered. Just as industriously
fagoted and Just as nicely decorated with
coarse la.ee. It costs very little, for it
is all a Question of needlework.
The waist was trimmed with rows of
fagoting. But down the middle of the
front there was a very wide band of em
broidery with applications of coarse white
lace minded with the embroidery. The
yoke and stock were a mixture of fagot
This waist was made with the baggy
Bleeve. The upper part was trimmed with
fagoting, which extended In rows from
the shoulder down to the wrist. Then
came an Immense puff with rows of fagot-
Ing extending around it. Then a deep
cuff all fagot stitched.
Miss Roosevelt had on the other day a
ehlrt waist that was made of very heavy
canvas. It was a deep blue, with the
weave plainly 'visible.-' It was coarse and
bo Btrongr as to look' like hopsacklngl
Tet, on close Inspection, it was not of that
loose fiber, being much more substantial
In tone. Its color was tbe newest shade
of yachting blue, rather deep. ¦ '
Alice Roosevelt Waist
Miss Alice Roosevelt and 'Miss May
Goelet, rival attraction* at all the society
functions, are both wearing .winter shirt
waists. They put them on in the morning
and they put. them on in the; afternoon,
and are whirled around In autos, 'making
lovely pictures of , American girlhood, one
very dark and patrician, the other a me
dium style of beauty with the freshest,
Biveetcst face a girl ever wore.
. It Is a strange freak, this of woman's,
that all her waists must be tubbable. But
once having known the comfort of a dress
that could be taken off and thrown into
the laundry, she cannot be weaned away
from it. And the joy. too, of putting on
a fresh waist, the absolute bliss of but
toning a crlFp, pretty, becoming waist, of
adjusting the wristbands, of clipping a
stud into the collar and of clasping a neat
belt around the middle.
Away upon you, all ye costumes, ye
toilets, ye gowns.and ye modes! The Bhirt
waist Is enthroned- in the heart of the
pretty girl; be she a summer girl or a
winter one; and It 'will take a century
to wrest it from bfcr and out of. her ward
robe!
washable end for that reason the winter
girl does not always like them. For the
winter girl wants a waist that will tub.
The day of the linen waist baa beta ai
hand for some time, but now It can be
truly said that the nignt Is approaching
for them, for some of the prettiest of the
new shirt waists are Intended for evening
wear alone.
A certain society woman who la not*S
for her pretty linen waists has taken wr»
eral old linen sheets which were family
heirlooms and has converted f them Into
shirt waists. They are of the aort of
linen which can be mads Into drawn
work; and they also take embroidery
beautifully.
One waist she has dyed Into a shad* of
corn color and Is embroidering* It In the
sumach reds. Another waist has been dyed
to a rich biscuit brown and Is to be em
broidered In bunches of wr.lt o and purple,
grapes. You can do a preat deal with an
old linen sheet If it be fine enough to lend
Itself well to the dressmaking scheme.
Miss May Goelet has some charming?
shirt waists, for this young woman runs
to the simple style of dress, which In
cludes waists and skirt and a little Jacket
to slip on over the waist. One of her
latest and prettiest «hlrt waists la la a
falnt> green,-, elaborately appllqued with
the^coarsest, heaviest kinds of Irish cro
chet lace.. which ; i3 applied to the goods
and surrounded with raised embroidery.
The raised embroideries are very nice.
Indeed, and are, come of them, very ex
pensive. "They are embroidered over a
little pad. which gives the raised effect.
This kind of embroidery Is easy to those
who know how to do It and la of the sort
which can be learned from those who ma
nipulated the embroidery needle twenty
five or forty years ago. The art of # the
raised embroidery has gone a little out
since then but Is now back In all force.
A very pretty trick can be played upon
the dry goods store by purchasing a shirt
waist of simple stripe. Now, with deft
needle, a little line of embroidery can be
run -between the stripes, and so, with
very little work and no money at all, a
plain shirt waist is converted Into a nice
one. The same trick can be applied to
the faggoted waist— which Is not difficult
to do. A plain waist Is bought and fag
goted at home until something new and
pretty 1» turned out.
The winter shirt waists, which should
be very durable, are, after all. not so
very strons. Waists' we.ar out m their
weakest places, and the openwork, or
hemstitching or faggoting «.n nmrvm t«
weaken the waist; and the result Is that
It gtves out along the lines of the open
work. Its days are numbered, once It be
gins to give, and the waist Is gone.
There are wise women who take little
strips of linen and applique them under
neath the faggottlng to strengthen the
goods, and so they manage to give the
garment a very nice, long lease of life.
The winter shirt waist should have a
sachet trunk of its own. for it well de
serves the best .of care. It l 3 not & waist
of ordinary caliber, but a little work of
ftrtl .!J nd ?*" 8Ucb tt BhoTlld E**» «wr
consideration paid to It In the way of ita
perfuming: and Its preservation.
The Linen Shirt Waist.
to Introduce color In th« shape of a dura,
or In tho form of a little ribbon work, of
aa a background, set unisr some of tha
fagotttng.
Waists have crown aa fanes* as they
can be. Tho nota of simplicity la i«*»v*»n;
look for It as you may, for th«y arc
elaborate In shape. In outline. In tint and
color combination, and certainly they are
elaborate in embroidery. The woman who
thinks she can make up a shirt waist oa
simple lines and have It pretty la rauca
mistaken.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
It la true, though It la a pity, that th«
stock ta dlaappeartna; before, the to
*t>ads of the linen collar. Thia T*ry, n**t
•rod* cc •nisi at back; asaia aaA wBl a«
THE WINTER
SHIRT WAIST
GIRLSSunday Call
Women and Children's Section
RT tr. photography deperffis almost
I entirely upon the subject. U- the :
r~~j person to be photographed hasOiji*
I natural grace It is next to-tjni&^S
sibJe to obtain any tn£tbe pJcikr£j(
Of course, there are algreat variety of,"
poses that your subjects -may be caused
to assume, ""but unless they 'are naturals II*
character 1** lost and 'the pictures appear
to be Just' what they are— mere poses.
But given a :; -go6d subject— ah. that Is
different. Art in, photography then be-.
comes merely a question of good por
traiture. * for tSat reason ~T axxTcohvinced "
that there are^qo models to compare. with
the dainty, <9£ver. well-dressed/ highly
cultured society! girl. She is "invariably a
living embodiment of all the feminine
arts and graces." She ~is~ worldly" enough '
to lack self-cor.sclousness, and simple
enough to be unaffected;- -.'Acd/best pf^all,'
ehe Is In no- sense a professional mo'del.
6he dresses well because it is her^natural
taste, and ehe'has the-, wealth' to gratify
all her whims, Shells correctly dressed
not so much' because^ is the 'fashion, but
because becoming. But what i3 of
most lmp^jjtar.ce.to the photographer Is
the fact'-tbat she is individual— original.
In th's one essential alone do mere pro
fessional <nt>del may hore tft. equal her.
She '--ppses; not so" much for the sake of
posing as for the simple reason jflhat she' 1
wants some good pictures to giv^t o jher
friends. And her pictures 'are -in vaViably,
wondrously attractive. ' ¦ .
In. all my experience 'I. have, .-perhaps''
made no picture 'that -has attracted YaWe
widespread attention • than Tthe accompa
nying portrait of Mliq Helen Qave^port,
one of the jpiost prominent society girls
In San Francisco^ ftfid who will be tear-'
ried nest Wednesday at St. Stephen's
Church !n this city to Ross W. Smith of
Lcs Ar-gcles. for which reason her picture
Is doubly interesting. She is the daughter
of a railroad manager, while the prospec
tive j groom is the private secretary of
6*-nalor Clark of the new Salt Lake Rail
road.
But were it not that the picture has
been so universally admired I. should be
loth to use it in this connection, but so
many people asked me about the posing
of the figure and the general charm ot
tL« -attitude that the picture Is particu
larly apropos at this time.
To begin with. Miss Davenport is a veiy
beautiful girl, tall, slender and graceful
to a degree. She Is, moreover, bright and
clever and extremely vivacious— all ele
ments that go far toward developing per
fect results In the art of posing. . But I
rray as well say at once that this is Miss
Davcnport'e own pose, assumed quite un
consciously while conversing pleasantly.
rhere was in reality nothing left for the
photographer to do but to take a snap
shot without unnecessary delay. Only a
photographer, indeed, can realize what a
labor it would be to attempt to pose like
this were the subject not fitted to It by jail •
the arts of culture. and personal charm. *
rhere !s character to the very finger Upa. j
rhe gown itself is a rare creation^; ,'.
In short. It is a picture that is aa rare
In photography as It is beautiful. ; •. -
THE ART
OF POSING-If you will sit quietly on the sand, or
on the railing, if ,4t be ln-door. bathing,
and watch the fellows for a few minutes,
you can, readily understand what .little
significance they attach to a ducking.
Down they go and up they come and
then look out, for there is certain to be
a peck of trouble brewing. until the other
fellow has had his turn of duly inspect
ing the particles. In the water. It Is but
Jolly fun and bo th of them would ': as
soon' think of flying to the moon as get
ting.angry and cross., ,. . ¦ . ,... .
-If you're afraid of roins; under \ the
water, hold fast to a Tope ,or , a .railing
and deliberately go out of sight Then
take a good look about. It won't -hurt
you. What earthly difference does a
Blight stinging of the eyes matter? After
the first time, but if you Intend to in
vade the field of sports that have al
ways been considered exclusively man's
until a few short years ago, you must
make -the best of a bad situation and act
like a man and not a cry-baby.
Don't come up with a scared-to-death
expression on your face,. and then when'
you find ¦ by pinching yourself that
you are none the worse for the wetting,
fly into a tantrum and scold and cry all
in the same breath. And don't go off
into the farthest .corner and- Bulk and
pout and keep a sympathizing little
crowd about you, reciting ; the ungentle
manly trick. Buck up and be as game
as a man' any. day. ¦•',-.. W ., . .*
your waist and then Jump off the ipring
board feet down. He won't object seri
ously and you will have more confidence
In yourself.
To be sure, it isn't ..a ¦pretty, method
and you will have succeeded most beau
tifully In getting the cart before the
horse, but once well down in deep water
will show you what a lark it is. and
you won't be able to rest, or give the
family a moment's . peace until you have
tried it again and again, and ever after
you will be the most Independent creature
that walks on two legs. That la, until
the novelty wears oft.. >
If you ore swimming in the surf re
member that the rood souls about you
are entitled to some little consideration.
Don't s don your suit, abbreviated at" both
ends, and trip gayly some half j dozen
blocks before you even so much as catch
a glimpse of the ocean. Undoubtedly it's
a mighty big nuisance to carry • a bag
containing your entire paraphernalia and
it's a heap worse to tote a wet suit home
and -ruin, your, brother's pet suit case in
so doing. '-But there are ways. out of it.
Inveigle your family ; into making, ' buy
ing , or borrowing a - long cloak ¦ that will
cover a multitude , of - sins and - then | go
when and where you please without scan
dalizing the .villagers <¦ to < death. ¦ . ;
It goes' without "saying that a number
of people can play pranks and cut dldos
that would be the height of impropriety
for a man and a maid. Half . a dozen
CDC* or twloe you will find that the ab
ject terror of getting your head under the
surface will entirely- disappear, and in
stead you will come to the edifying con
clusion that it really Isn't- as easy -to
drown as you fondly fancied It. to be".
Swimming is. but a matter of skill and
strength, and if you haven't the latter to
begin with, it shows that it Is high time
you took up some' kind of exercises.
However, by the time you have mastered
the art sufficiently to play about at your
ease, the effort will not; tire you to any
great extent, for the muscles will ¦ grad
ually become accustomed to their . new
work and will be. strengthened acordlngly.
Graceful diving is '. a rare accomplish,
ment for a woman. If she Isn't afraid
of getting. her,, hair .wet , through and
through, she gets an idea in her head
that she might go down and never pome
up. and she Isn't taking any chances.
But she'll spring up, like a daisy in May.
In. fact, she'ir bob up serenely- three
times, and if she has any pluck will
swim away and leave the . troublesome
deep - spot behind • her. : 'And ¦ what .' if ' she
did forget to swim or was too frightened
to , make an effort. .,- There _. are always
plenty of people about who would be at
her side quicker than she could say Jack
Robinson. :. ... ¦ .... .. .:,,..
If you Mlladi are afraid to plunge In
head first and with no reassuring hand
on that back button, round up your Mr,
Man and ask him to put his arm around
— -7 HE nwonHsnt fllter
t/ »-"'g5p"~^a\*Ju 1"? through the wista
jK^ra rla leaves. made a
'^•Vriej 'fXi**i shifting mosaic on the
r^/a^l floor of tha veranda.
. )5rA)ra fv^.Bl * n one corner, where
I^MSfaj^Tj the thickness of the
•*aP" BB "*BsJBas leaves admitted but
scattering patches of
moonlight, a young woman was perched
on the veranda rail. Before her, half re
clining lit a steamer chair, was a somber
faced young roan. ,
. The long windows of the dining-room
w«re wide open and the- couple In their
shaded corner could bear the labored
music of the volunteer orchestra, the
shuffling of feet and the deep voice of
Judge Davis calling off the figures in the
Virginia reel.
"If I had suspected your intention I
should have stayed in and danced," she
said petulantly.
The young man made no response.
"You said you wanted to smoke," she
went on.
"I'm smoking," he asserted, and to ver
ify the statement he blew a cloud of
smoke from the cigarette. "Don't be an
gry, Lou," he entreated. "Up to now I've
been behaving beautifully."
"Oh, Indeed!" she remarked. "Perhaps
you've forgotten you've proposed three
times before this week."
"Well," he said, "I didn't propose Tues
day nor yesterday."
"You didn't have a chance." she chuck
led. "I haven't a doubt you Intend now
to make up for lost time."
He leaned forward In the chair; his
face .was very grave. He was a good
looking young man, clean shaven and
very resolute In manner. Just now. as
he faced her, his square Jaw was shut in
determined fashion, and the lines about
his mouth showed he was very much in
earnest.
"This Is the 4th of the month," he said
slowly. - "I shall offer myself to you every
remaining day."
She slipped from the rail and stood be
fore him.
"Philip," she said, "IX I give you a
chance to propose between now and the
first of the month I'll accept you."
"Great Scottl" he cried. "You don't
mean you won't even see me, Lou?"
•••Your deductions are very Intelligent."
• she laughed.
He was standing before her now. He
drew himself up and his shoulders went
back.
."Very well," he said. "I shall buy the
ring to-morrow."
' "I don't believe there's any . need of
haste." she said, and then, with a hurried
"good night," she slipped Into the house
and left him there alone in the moonlight,
at once strangely downcast and strangely
hopeful.
He was still standing there when Judge
Davis stepped through one of the open
windows en the veranda.
"Hello, Morton," called the Judfe*
"Where's Lour*
"She Just left. 1 * Morton netted.
"Try one," said the Judge, V*?**** eat
a cigar; "yon look down In the month.**
"Judge," said Morton, suddenly, "with
your consent. I'm going to marry Loul*a"
"The devil you are?" said the Judge:
then he soberly took Morton by the *¦"*
"Phil. I hop* you are. Has Lou oonaent
ed at last?"
"Not exactly," said Morton, "but X think
she will before the month is out."
"Confound the girl I She's led 70a a
pretty chase, «h. Phil?"
Morton laughed. "I don't b«ll*ve s2m
considers the chase as nearly finished as
I do," he confessed.
Late one afternoon at the begtanlay of
the third week, Morton sat disconsolately
on the top rider of the fence that skirted
the old turnpike. He bad been sitting
there since noon, vainly trying* to formu
late some scheme which would brlnr him
triumphantly into the presence of Louise
Davis lonr enough for him to utter the
words on the end of his tongue.
Down the road came a cloud of du*t.
and presently Louisa herself, %&.:»
alone, wheeled past In an automobile.
The next afternoon at the same time.
Morton, from the raspberry shrubs beside
the road saw her aealn speed by. A
third and a fourth afternoon he waited
patiently among the prickly raspberry
bushes and when that fourth afternoon
she went past his hiding place. Morton
rushed to the telegraph oOce and sent the
following:
"Travers: •
"Send down the 20 h. p. auto.
"Morton."
Three evenings later. Just at sunset.
Louise Davis uped an automobile along
the cool pine-shaded stretches of the
turnpike. Presently a mighty coughing
and bumpln* behind her caused her to
turn her head. There, rapidly overhaul-
Ing her, was a huge red touring car, and
In the touring car. a grim smile on his
face, sat Philip Morton.
She turned her eyes ahead and gave
her automobile full speed, but it was no
match for the heavy touring car, which
overtook her with ease. She looked back
angrily, and by the motion of bis lips
she could see Morton was shouting. Then
he took from the seat beside him a huge
megaphone, and through this he shouted
a proposal which could have been beard
In the n*xt county.
The automobile ahead of him slack
ened, then stopped. Morton brought his
own machine to a standstill, Jumped out
and ran forward.
"You've won I suppose," she said,
looking away from him.
He took her hand and a moment later
the rinjf was slipped on. --V
"I knew I'd need It." he laughed.
She turned her head and looked into his
eyes.
"I'm not half as much cut 19 about
this as you imagine," she said softly.
His Twenty-Horsepower Proposal*
By Sidney H. Cola.
Spooning In public Is- always awfully
bad taste. It doesn't make the slightest
bit of difference whether . It Is called
spooning or flirting or playing or anything
else, the fact remains that when one at
tracts attention by any, unusual conduct
a breach of etiquette has been commit
ted and. the only possible remedy is not
to be found guilty a second time.
Of all trying creatures the girl who is
a "fraid cat'" is the limit. Probably Bhe
hasn't the faintest Idea that 6he is a ter
rible nuisance and when she hangs back
and keeps everybody else from having a
good time Is Just as apt to consider her
actions . as cute and . feminine as any
tMng else.
Don't copy after her, for she Is little
short of a pesky, . bothersome,' spoiled
youngster, and she should not only be
spanked but put In the dark closet for
the goblins to carry away.' Then, per
haps she would wake up with a little
common sense.
The girl who swims, or who means to,
for that matter, never should b« touchy.
It don't pay to go into a perfect panlo
and do everything else but ' bite and
scratch because some mischief loving fel
low came up behind you and gave you a
most beautiful ducking.* It might not be
pleasant and It might possibly scare you
The ways of the world are passing
strange and It's quite well not to try to
account for all things, else you might
find yourself up a stump fully two-thirds
of the time. Accept the situation philo
sophically and don't repeat the dose too
frequently. While it undoubtedly Is a
pleasure to feel that willing hands are
anxious to save you from a watery grave,
it might be Just as well to remember that
too much of a good thing is as bad as
not any at all, for , what amuses onlook
ers at first disgusts them at length.
To be sure, you'll sputter and flounder.
Imagine you're going all the way to Davy
Jones' locker, turn half way over in your
eagerness to grasp anything or anybody
in 6ight, go under In the scrimmage and
finally locate yourself safely and snugly
In the arms that would have kept you
afloat had you behaved yourself, and a
bean to a button you'll find that your
own arms are securely and tightly wrap
ped about your savior's neck and that you
are hugging him with all your might and
main. How ori^ earth it happened you
never could tell!
Jump right in and the surprise party
will be over before you hardly realize it.
For some reason strangers hate like six
ty to take both feet oft terra firma. ,
They'll wiggle and squirm, wave frantic
ally with one arm and churn the water
furiously with the other and fondly imag
ine they are making a brave attempt,
but all the while one toe is glued to the
bottom and positively refuses to come up.
That's all well enough and good for a
while, but it will take you a thousand,
years more or less to make any kind of
headway. Of course, if you haven't the
least bit of nerve, you're absolutely cer- j
tain that the button on the back of your )
skirt won't hinder you in the least from
swallowing gallons of salt and visiting
the fishes at the bottom of the sea. but
it will Just the same, and all you have to
do is to trust the button and the hand
will do the rest.
and Incidentally eaves a heap of time
drying it. ,
Don't be the girl that stands and shiv
ers and shivers and stands and then steps
In inch by inch, howling like an Indian
as the water comes higher and higher.
It spells beginner with great, shining let
ters, and besides it never falls to attract
unfavorable attention.
There's no use saying that the tight
fitting suits are the most comfortable,
for unless a girl Is a perfect Venus she
makes a woeful sight of herself. Rather
get the light alpaca that sheds water and
2 eel more at peace with yourself and the
"world, for no woman, sensible or other
wise, wants to look worse than Is pos
itively necessary.
The all-enveloping rubber cap most cer
tainly is not a dream of loveliness;
neither Is It wonderfully becoming, but It
keeps the h&lr dry and free from salt.
There are very few girls In this day and
{rencration who can't tumble Into six or
tight fe<t of water end Jog merrily along
their way. and the few that do not pos
ecss this happy faculty are. as a rule, not
worth bothering about. Generally It is
nothing more or le?s than pride and vain
trlory that turns their faces the other
way. Granted, a woman seldom, if ever,
looks her best in a dripping, clinging suit
and with tousled, wet hair, but she can
be eo extremely clever at her work that
even the most severe critic will stop his
harangue to look and admire.
So, if Miladi of the Dresden china type
can't cavort like a veritable mermaid,
keep the fact blissfully to yourself, and
when your friends are sleeping sweetly
hie yourself to the briny deep and Sis
ccver for the first time in your life how
little you really amount to.
But don't use boards to float on. rings
to sl!i> through or wings to dilly dally
about with. Look about and find some
chap who understands his business and
ewtar him into your Becret with all the
solemnity of the "Hope-I-die" cross Just
over- the heart. Ten to one he will near
ly fall over himself offering his services,
fcr a pretty girl who can't swim a soli
tary stroke is a bewitching sort of crea
ture and Mr. Man is always a most oblig
ing Johnny-on-the-spot. ~
Why is it so many girls lstand about on
one toe, wiggle end twist their fingers and
succeed In looking so unutterably foolish
end uncomfortable when they first get
Into a bathing suit and face a crowd of
men? Probably if their mothers were
along they would run behind their skirts
end peep out occasionally as does the
three-year-old.
There's nothing to be ashamed of, even
If you are not a raving beauty, and this
e'lly feeling should hav© been routed with
superstitions about opals and new moons,
or the belief that some Ill-looking, old
gypsy can read the future from a pack
of cards. Who worries these days whether
there Is a wiggle Instead of a waggle in
their palm? It's all such perfect tommy
rot that no right thinking girl ever stops
long enough to bother her head about
such trifles.
Instead she devotes her full time and
ei:ergy to the shedding of" her walking
clothes and getting into her suit, for no
man, no matter how good natured he may
be. relishes standing about and waiting.
And when you come right down to ft
there really isn't any reason for prinking.
One good, 6tiff wave and the extra ten
znlnutes are as naught, and as a rule the
fussy one who gives a lingering pat here
end there Is. the one to fail to pieces and
look weather-beaten generally. The girl
¦who runs a race to eee -who will be In
the surf first ties hard knots and has
every button in place and she trips along,
never giving herself a thought.
THE good, old time whenglrls erectea
a Email pedestal on which to place
the lords and masters of creation
and then fell down on their face*
and worshiped them as little tin
gods Is a thir.g of the past.
Oh. yes; very muchly bo. For now the
girl who can't take care of herself and
even go so far as to give pointers to
many a chap Is almost as rare as the
provcibial white elephant.
Is there anything Elllier, more namby
pambylike than a man, or eo called one,
floundering about In the water and mak
ing an exhibition generally of himself?
Just about one thing on earth, I think,
and that Is another man floating serenely
cm water wines that were built expressly
fcr babies.
may sit In a circle and play eards or tell
stories and not create a sensation,* but
the instant the wee, small, exclusive two
have a quiet little game the gossips are
awag.
There Isn't the least bit of harm play-
Ing crack-the-whlp, ¦ tag, prisoner's base
or drop-the-handkerchlef, for it Is not
only rattling good exercise but is clean.
Innocent fun as well; but for tome reason
or other cards and ba thine stilts don't
teem to agree with eacff other very well,
and It would bo a treat deal better for
you to train your memory to conveniently
forget or misplace them.
All sports are wholesome- and rood, but.
like all things else, can be abused and
run Into th« icround. There are many
liberties granted the bathers and but com
paratively few restriction* and the se
cret of the girl who would be counted
lu where her brother's pals whistle for
him is Just this: She must be ready and
willing to run at a minute's notice, must
take tumbles and bumps philosophically,
a spill out of a boat gracefully, and If
she possibly can pick herself up with a
smile and a bewitching display of winning
dimples In full working order, and the
first thing she knows she win find hers<«t
dubbed the "brick." the most enthusiastic
compliment a chap can pay aay rollicking,
fun loving glrL
• THE SUNDAY CALL."
ETIQUETTE
OF THE
SWIMMING
GIRLTHE* SUNDAY CALL.
business hours he was bouncer in ordinary to one of the principal represen
tatives of Providence in the railroad business and was in line to be made an
assistant representative as soon as he had mastered the creed. • •' '
Such were the men who aspired to the hand and heart of the haughty
Arabella. Arabella herself doesn't need to be described. Just imagine ¦ a
girl who looks the way that name sounds, and you'll have -a* fairly accurate tin
type of Arabella. Besides, she has only a thinking part. All that a wpmm
has to do in such a case is to shut her eyes and say eny-meny-miny-mo and
then take the other fellow iust for spite. , • '
Awthuw had the old idea that when a man had arrived at a. general ap
proval of some more or less fair one the next move was to prop her uu oti
a pedestal and burn incense at her feet. In the absence of incense use catnio
To speak to her was a holy rite — thus Awthuw could, speak and write at the
same time — and his highest privilege was to knock together -a little sonnet
for her in which he made love rhvme with dove and sun with won, and per
formed various and sundry other unique poetic stunts. - . ,
Henry was different, oh. so different. He never 'wrote poetrv and
never read any. when he could get away. He wasn't familiar with the bill of
fare on high Olympus, but he knew all about the menu at the still higher
Wal|edoff Castoria and he could order a dinner that was calculated to
make old Epicurus sorrv he was dead: When he approached Arabella he
didn't burn much incense, but he knew how to burn the long green so as to
get the most smoke. Pegasus, as we have remarked a few inches above, was
a horse on him, but he had a naughtymobilc that could make the telephone
poles look like a picket fence when the going was easy.
All these wonders— ave. and many more— did he show to Arabella.' and
she warmed to. him after the manner of a poor but ambitious young man to a
rich aunt with weak lungs. We might go on indefinitely in this way. such
are the capacities of the mother tongue, but the end would be the same.
Furthermore, fear of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty, to Cheerful
Readers bids us pause. Awthuw threw: himself at the feet of Arabella and in
trembling accents besought her to chapcrone his soul adown ah * eternity of
bliss. Henry; still on the other hand ; told her to jump into his. naughymo
bile and hike around to the parson's with him! It .didn't take the wise
Arabella more than seven-sixteenths of a second to conclude that while sOul
was very well in its way. she wasn't sure that she liked the looks of ,,the wav.
So it was Arabella to the parson's in the homicide wagon. 'A'wthuw's soul
is still unchaperoned. . /;
pppggL— __=^-<| HAT is love and why? This is a question that has occupied
\^@r/&i£jFf'('\ C rr " ehticst minds of all ages, from the immortal William
|irMJa#»p|P to Ella Wheeler Wiloox. Is it chemical, physiological,
Tij^«| t psychological, or merely hysterical? The man who can an
1 wWvWo^ swer these aucstions correctly is assured a full-sized
'^^P^teJ niche in the Hall of Fame all to himself and a life position
i^rfaawM gi^Jl on the editorial staff of the Ladies' Own Journal. He
would be able to clear up some of the most ! vexatious
problems that have puzzled the human mind from the days of the original
rib-roasting down to the present time. For example, he could do a genuine
sen-ice to each and every woman bv informing her what the men she knows
could see to admire in the women they married. The settling -of this point
alone would be a boon to suffering humanity.
If, as some assert, the problem is bacteriological, he might be able to
isolate the microccus cupidensis and thus make possible the inoculation of
prospective husbands or wives. Having done this, he might proceed to dis
cover the serum for the cure of the ailment and thus make his everlasting for
tune out of the people who prefer to remain in the condition known as sin
gle blessedness — among those who have passed out of it
Having thus pried apart the general proposition and propped it open
with a lead pencil, we may pass on to a consideration of the specific cases of
two fond young lovers and the manner of their respective assaults upon the
fair citadel of their lady love's cardiac apparatus. For the sake' of conve
nience we will call the fond lovers in question Awthuw and Henry.
We will also call them so because that was what they «were
named, but we can't help that. Awthuw had a great deal of sen
timent and soul and hair — usually uncombed; that is, the hair; the soul
was not only combed frequently/ but harrowed as well. He had large ten
der blue eyes that looked as though they had been left in the wash too long
after the bluing was put in. Also, he had the bold, self-assertive manner of
an alien canine whose tail has been intercepted i by an absent-minded de
livery wagon. But what he lacked in the qualities requisite for the pursuit
of the strenuous life he made up in soul.
On the other hand. Henry — and Henry was very much on the other
hand — was a modest, undeveloped youth about six feet in a vertical and three
feet in a horizontal direction. His features had the soft hue of ( freshly pickled
sole leather and his voice was as gentle as the cooing of a foghorn. During
FABLES FOR THE FOOLISH
•Women are poor gamblers in the
game of Love — they are such heavy
losers. * .. .: •
? * * ' ' .
. Cupid is the hangman who adjusts
the noose of matrimony.
Women often think they are in love
when they are only hysterical., .
'*"**¦. " '".
There is an immense difference be
tween being loved and being useful.
.* * . * ¦ .'.
If a man sins against a woman, she
forgives. If a woman sins— he don't.
. * * ¦**' ' -".*,;• - .--.'' ,
A sweetheart wears a dress suit and
his fin de siecle manners — a husband
wears a smoking jacket and takes medi
tative pulls on a briar pipe. .
.» •*. * * - ' -.-
Love is a banker who indorses the
notes of courtship and pays the heavier
draughts of matrimony. " ,. \ *
Piety did not pay
: J some preacher*
would have to work
When we open tha
) jffsgiBigJjn g door to Gratitude
rfSEnfipSsxiM^gjaa wc usher out Love.
* ? #
Many women . are good because they
are so unattractive that it were I gross
flattery to suppose them otherwise.
* • *
A man often loves his newspaper bet
ter than he does his wife — at the break
fast table.
• • * . -
Platonic love is but friendship in dis
guise, because it lacks the magnetism
that in a moment forgets all barriers
and leaves Love conscious of Love
only.
* * *
A man's most intimate friend needs
watching — even then he sometimes
manages to elope with the wife. A
woman's most intimate friend either
makes mischief or makes love to he
husband.
• • •
A girl thinks she is doing something
very heroic in marrying the coachman.
An oil stove in a kitchen over a stable
has cured more than one case of mal
d'amour.
ME-OWS OF A KITTY
A woman who stoops to marry finds
it hard work to straighten up again.
v ..*,'• *
.The happiest days of a woman's life
are the days of her courtship. Poor
thing! It's a blessing that she finds
some comfort in the memory.
* * *
When a girl is in love she thinks she
is, the happiest girl on earth. Pity she
hasn't sense enough to stay so; but
some people never know when they are
well off.
Wnen a man is forced to tighten his
purse-strings his wife may need watch-,
ing.
* * *
• Many women who love do not know
how to showjt
-¦',. -f*, * *
. To win a man's love keep him guess
ing, and when you have secured it let
him keep on guessing.
. ? * *
No man is sane in the rigor mortis
of an infatuation.
* * *
A stage woman is not always as bad
as she »s painted. ,
* * *
I prefer a good old-fashioned sinner
to one who is so good as to be good
for-nothing.
* * *
Some people know so- little that they
do not know how little they do know.
* * *
I always feel sorry for the heathen
when I look at the missionary.
* * * —
Life is too short to waste time on
fools and paupers.
* * *
When we confer favors gratuitously
we demoralize, the recipient.
If reformers who mean business
would attack yachts and millionaires
they might find lots of family skeletons
and bunches of trouble^
• • (•
To mind one's own business u •
greater virtue than charity.
,;¦*:¦,¦'";_ • ? . * •
A woman who advertises herself as
clever is a safe one to avoid.
-' *- •* *
People who are always advising yon
"for your own good" are often only
meddlesome and disagreeable.
I have no confidence in people who
are always -saying something mean and
nasty from a "sense of duty."
? ? ?
You might reform a hardened old
reprobate, but a fool or a saint is a
hopeless proposition.
* * *
Love, to be enjoyable, needs plenty
of time and leisure (and money, of
course).
1 * * *
I hate* a fooL You nerer can tell
what he will do next.
* ? •
Every horse that neighs is not a thor
oughbred.
• ? •
An ass may bray very loudly, but he'll
never win a horserace.
* * *
No man can make lore with a ner
vous welsh rabbit kicking against bis
diaphrastn.
A rolling stone may gather no four
oct corn if you do not jump in time.
. * * *
Many a girl fails to realize that hei
mother is her best friend until after she
has tasted the cup that neither cheers
nor inebriates — the cup of sorrow.
r •
THE BAD MAN
By Billy Burgundy
(Copyright, 1903, bv Steve Floyd, N. Y.)
Y=? ""'N-^' NCE upon a time there lived in the town of Fairstake. Ari
i-^^^^^^? zona ' a guy who P ossesscd a combustible disposition, an
I Iscftjl^W ingrowing affectirn for booze and a perfect contempt for
'[fflp^^a'Sr municipal tranquillity and the criminal code. His nan*
J W^ftpkJfA was Hank Barlow. " '
m.'^^v^^y' Hank put i n mOS t of his time absorbing firewater and
UsS^^tai supplying the town with a brand of excitement which
kept the Coroner working overtime and made the ;ocal
"Death Column" look like an itemized account of a Macedonian massacre
When Hank had practically exhausted the supply of voters in Fairstake
the Governor came to the conclusion that he was carrying the joke too far,
so he offered a reward of five thousand good and lawful simoleons for one
Hank Barlow, on hoof or 'dressed, f. o. b: Fairstake.
No. one seemed to be in pressing need of that amount of money; at
least* they showed no signs of it if they did, so Hank pursued the even tenor
of his way. . . - . '
One morning when the villagers backed up against the east side of the
General Store to 'thaw out in the young sunshine and talk over the latest
news from Washington and the Chicago Stock Yards, it was discovered that
Hank had been shy for six days. Then like a flash it dawned upon the mem
bers of the Out Door Session that there had not been a murder in town for
nigh on to a week. All of which went to prove that something powerful
was ailing Hank. *
After debating the question at great length it was resolved that:
"Whereas, It has come to be known to the citizens of the town of Fair
stake, in the County of Yuma, in the Territory of Arizona, that their hon
ored and esteemed fellow-citizen, Hankodorous Barlow, has not appeared
upon the streets and thoroughfares of the said metropolis for a period of
six days; and
"Whereas, It is known to the said citizens of the said town of Fairstake,
in the said County of Yuma, in the said Territory of Arizona, that it is not
the custom, habit or practice of the said honored and esteemed Hankodor
ous Hank to absent himself from the said streets and thoroughfares of said
metropolis for such an extended period; and
"Whereas, It is a matter of official record that there has not been a
single death, by violence, in the said town of Fairstake during the week end
ing Saturday, October the thirty-first; and
"Whereas, It is the belief of each and every citizen of the said town of
Fairstake that some great misfortune has befallen the said honored and es
teemed .Hankodorous Barlow: now, therefore, be it
"Resolved, That at committee of three law-abiding citizens, consisting of
Parson Hiram Merriwell. Deacon Calvin Pennybaker and Doc Jordan,
shall proceed in the most orderly and friendly manner to the house of the
said honored and esteemed Hankodorous Barlow and ascertain by the most
gentle and polite interrogating the true cause cf the city's sad bereavement
and report the same to the citizens in waiting."
Vested with the aforementioned paragraphs of official authority and an
elegant sufficiency of Buck-ague, the committee humbly approached the
house of the honored and esteemed citizen. Hank was found seated upon the
back steps with his face between his hands and a sad. far-away expression in
his eyes. He was a changed man.
I - After an exchange of hellos. Parson Merriwell gently placed his hand
upon the shoulder of the honored and esteemed citizen and said: "Brother
Hank, we has riz to the conclusion that somethin' mighty onusual has over
come ye, an' we air here to ascertain how comeye air .no longer your fo-
mer self:, Air ye sore?"
"'Taint thet I'se got any grudge agin the gang, Parson. I'se married
thet little ninety-pound gal ye see peeling potatoes, an' ef I lef* dis yere yn-d
for anything more excitin' than a cousle of pork chops she'd blow my ligVts
Moral: You can't estimate a woman's influence by her weight.
11EigHtH TalK by Wm. J. Shearer.
HOW THE BAD BOY
CAN BE MANAGED
And tne President.
There now remains to be considered the influence of President Roose
velt upon the American people. An American President is unlike a Euro
pean monarch in this above all else, that he is not born to high office. In
his youth he is unknown. It is not until he is a mature man that he sud
denly looms as. the most conspicuous of all citizens before the eves of his
fellows. His term of office is short, even if it be renewed. There is not
so much time nor opportunity for the personal factor to make itself fe't.
Nevertheless President Roosevelt's strenuous cult of* strenuousness can
hardly fail to have a profound influence upon the impressionable nation . with
which he has to deal. Strenuousness is no new product of the United
States. Mr. Roosevelt neither invented it nor revised it. It was first
planted in America when the Pilgrim Fathers landed at Boston, and it has
been fostered by circumstances and nurtured by the climate ever since. But
of late years the immense accumulation of wealth in the States and the
growth of luxurious habits among the well-to-do citizens have brought into
clear relief the_ need of some of those sermons which the President has been
preaching to his countrymen. The need is even more urgent in this country
than it is in the United States. Our youth is much more disposed not to
be strenuous than the youth of America. The knack of taking things easy,
and of endeavoring to get through the day with the minimum of exertion,
is cultivated much more diligently here than it is in the States. And it is
probable,, just because we need a President Roosevelt more , than do our
American kinfolk, that we do not get him. He is the one growth of the
same conditions which make American business men so much keener than
the business men of Britain, and which' lead tuition by correspondence to be
a flourishing business in the United States, whereas here no one seems to
take the trouble to learn.
• (Copyright in the United States of America by D. T. PIERCE.)
Suppose we test the personal influence of the three monarchs bv asking
what action each of them would have taken had they suddenly been con
fronted with such handwriting on the wail as the report of the Roval Com
mission on the way in which the military and political authorities prepared
for war in South Africa. Is it too much to say that if either the Kaiser o<
the President had been in the King s shoes, the men who were responsible
for launching the. King's army, all unequipped and unprepared, against the
Boers, would have been brought sharply to book? The army, be it • remem
bered, is the King's army. In choosing and dismissing his advisers the King
has a wide liberty of action. No one doubts the keen interest which h's
Majesty takes in the welfare of his troops. In this very matter of the Boer
war, the King — then Prince of Wales — expressed to me his grave misgiv
ings as to whether Sir Redvers Bullcr would find the force at his disposal
adequate to the task before it. This was within an'hour of General Buller's
departure from Waterloo, at a time when his Ministers were incined to re
gard every one as a traitor or a pro-Boer who was not certain that General
Bullcr and his great armv would "steim-roller" the republics before Christ
mas. The report of, the Roval Commission more than confirms all the pres
cient misgivings of the King. Now what will he do about it?
If it is replied that he can do nothing, those who make that replv speak
in ignorance of the immense influence which the sovereign can wield in our
constitutional monarchy. If the Kaiser were the King how much longer
would Lord Landsdowne be Foreign Minister? Would Mr. Chamberlain,
who declared at the very moment he was leading the nation into war that no
reinforcements were needed, escape with merely a royal wigging. I trow
not. But the Kaiser is not our King, and his Majesty is at M^rienbad. and
no one expects that so easy-going a good fellow as Edward VII will bestir
himself to bring the culprits to book. And so far the influence of the sov
ereign will operate for evil and not for good.
A Transposition.
sidering is not so much what can be done by the power of the sovereign
as what can be effected bv' his influence. The German, it is true, took to
twisting the- ends of his mustaches upward to his eyebrows when the Kaiser
set that fashion. But the Germans show little trace of the Kaiser's influence
in weightier things. He is mercurial. 'impulsive) 'meddlesome and dogmatic,
They shrug their shoulders when they read his. speeches, and resent his readi
ness to play'the part of . the Admirable Crichto^ on all and every occasion.
And the Social Democratic vote goes up by 'million after million as the an
swer of the German nation, to the- rhetoric: qf ; the Kaiser. v _
When all this is said there is no gainsaying the fact that the Kaiser has
set or rather has confirmed the fashion in many things both political and
social. He has played to his German gallery;" and it has responded to his
appear. He has set the Germans an example of versatility, of energy, of pas
sionate patriotism, from which they can hardly fail to profit. We could best
realize what influence is actually wielded by sovereigns over subiects of we
could imagine that one fine day the Kaiser and the King changed places. I
will say nothing about the effect which Edward VII might have in Germany.
But imagine what an enormous stimulus to serious and strenuous living,
what an immense discouragement to inefficiency of all kinds, we should re
ceive, if the Kaiser were our King for twelve, months only. I am not sure,
all things being considered, that such a temporary exchange of monarchs
would not be the veYy best conceivable thing that could happen, both for
Germany and for Britain.
Next let us turn to the Kaiser. Is that brilliant, strenuous, irresponsible
genius shaping the German man anew in his own image? I doubt it.
Prince Bismarck rather than Kaiser William is the. type of the modern Ger
man. That the Kaiser exercises a constant and on the whole a very useful
influence upon the administration and the policy of the German empire is
true. But not the wrrole strength of his authority, exercised without stint
for three years, could make a single German " dissemble his ' whole-hearted
detestation of our South African war. He has forced the navy scheme
through, and he has seized Foochow, two acts which may profoundly in
fluence Germany in the future. But that has been done by the exercise of
his authority in the sphere of state action, whereas what we arc now con-
The Kaiser.
Let us then glance in turn at the three most conspicuous rulers of our
time — the King, the Kaiser and the President — how far are they influencing
the peoples of Britain, Germany and the United States? Take our King
first. Is his influence potent for good or for evil? There is no doubt about
the fact that his influence tells. In society, for instance, the King more or
less sets the tone. He can discourage, he can encourage. But even in so
ciety, although he has spared neither example nor interest, he has not made
the rich Jew popular. It may be said that but for his influence the anti-
Semitic tendency of our time would have broken out with violence nearer
home than Paris or Vienna. If true, that must be put down to the good.
On the other hand his influence has told — in society again — in favor of a re
laxation of the standard set up by f his mother. He is what is called a free
liver. He enjoys cards, and the turf, and enjoys himself in the society of
pretty, witty and good-natured women. He has always favored this kind of
life. So far as his influence extends it tells against Puritanism. But it
would be wrong to credit or debit him with the sdf-indulgent temper and
looser morals of a generation that invented Mafficking. The influence of any
of our daily papers is more potent to spread the plague of., betting among
the people than all the visits of the King to Newmarket. In political matters
the King is not supposed to intermeddle. But there is no question that he
and his mother before him steadily and successfully strove to promote the
growth of a more friendly feeling between Great Britain and the American
republic The King has been less successful — for in this matter his influence
was largely counteracted by hjs mother — in opposing the frenzy. *of Russo
phobia. When he was still Prince of Wales he administered a cutting reb'uke
to Mr. Chamberlain for his "long spoon" brutality, and in times of crises the
Marlborough House influence was almost always in favor of a reasonable
policy in the Near or in the Far East. His recent visit to Paris has borne
immediate fruit. He set the fashion of being civil to France, and even
those who had been blatantly rude to our brilliant neighbors became pane
gyrists of the French republic. We have, however, to witness the applica
tion of the most crucial test. The King has just returned from Ireland,
where he set a brilliant and much needed example of being uniformly civil to
every Irishman and to every Catholic whom he met. Will his example be
imitated by the majority of Englishmen? We shall see.
A Trio of Rulers— tne King.
J">y? ,, .rr^-^,-4 HE influence of sovereigns upon their subjects is of ncccs
ji <JP^ij j^BV|H sity considerable. The King or a President is a living ex
j V> -"if ample set forth before the eyes of all men as to how the
' f^\& £f^J foremost man in their state thinks life should be lived.
j.^5^v^ J^^ft Whether he is a figure-head, or whether he is the auto
''* /yJoJvcv K cr3t - e stands equally supremely conspicuous: visible by
LaMvigsTTiriifl * Jl the entire nations as no other mortal is visible, and if
there is anything in the force of constantly repeated sug
gestion, then it is impossible for any ruler to fail to influence, consciously
oi unconsciously, the imitative human herd. But this influence may easily
be exaggerated. The omnipresent crucifix in the courts of law in Catholic
countries often fails to succeed in suggesting the ideas of pity and compas
sion to the Judges who administer justice 1 - in its shadow. Sometimes the ex
ample of- the sovereign provokes the subjects not to imitate him but to defy
him. In our own history we have two signal illustrations' of the different
way in which sovereigns and subjects sometimes influence each other.
Charles I set before his subiects the example of a High Churchman of de
spotic tendencies. Instead of imitating him, they rose in rebellion against
him and cut off his head. But when the second Charles came to the throne
and set an example of license and imnotality he found his subjects, quick
to walk in his footsteps. In like manner the unfortunate Louis who lost his
head on the guillotine failed to suggest to a nation pregnant with the great
Revolution the respectable commonplace qualities of their sovereign. Hence
it is impossible to generalize with any confidence as to the effect which the
virtues or vices, the qualities and the defects of any ruler may have upon
those over whom he reigns or rules. Probably they act and react upon each
other, but both alike owe their distinctive characteristics to causes which
long precede the accession of the sovereign. He and they are the chil
dren of their generation. He may be the King Poppy in a field of poppies,
but it would be absurd to attribute to hfs example the color or the form of
the other poppies which grow side by side with him in the same field. No
doubt it sometimes happens, as was the case with' Peter the Great of Rus
sia, a ruler is born who is as much in advance of his generation and ideas as
he is superior to the average man in genius and resolution. But such men
are ra r e. .
Let it be acknowledged, then, that while most of those said to be de
praved are not really so. vet some do show most vicious tendencies. What
shall be done with these? Though a very hard question to answer, it may be
a solution can be found. It is, indeed, a difficult problem. Especially diffi
cult, because what will applv in one case may not be of special value in an
other. Each boy must be studied carefully, and the general principles ap
plied in the light of the information gained by most careful study of the par
ticular boy's peculiarities. See to it that you understand his nature, character
and temperament. Locate his particular weakness. Strive to find their
cause, and, if possible, remove them.-
A change of environment, of companions, and of methods of manage
ment, will often cause such a change in the boy's nature as to astonish
those most interested in him. In many cases it will result in reclaiming
those who have already been given up as hopeless cases.
If the ideals are low. strive to raise them. Some ideals he will have
See to it that they are the best possible. This may be done by talks and by
placing the right kind of books in his hands.
Study closely his likes and dislikes; also his companions and his reading,
than which nothing is more important. See to it that he is in good com
pany at all times, but especially after dark. Recently I met a young clerk in
a lawyer s office. Less than a year ago his mother pleaded with me for the
third time to help her have him sent to the reform school. I refused, and
said, You can save C if you will keep him off the streets at night."
She did so, and the boy was saved. The parent who permits a boy or girl
to run the streets after dark should be dealt with by the law.
From what has been said it is hoped the reader will allow that no boy
is altogether bad. No matter how sure one may be that such is the case,
it is probably a mistake. Somewhere in each boy's nature there is a hidden
germ of manhood. Find^t. Having found 'it. stimulate it into healthy
growth," and you will have saved vour boy from a life of shame and vour
soul from endless anguish.
.The sympathetic soul that can discover and develop what is best in one
of these boys has a high mission in life. It may take much patience, love,
knowledge and wisdom, but he can be saved.
How to »§>ave tne Vicious.
Is it not just possible that we are expecting too much of bovs? They
are not saints. None of them show any indications of budding wings. They
are probably not even so nearly good as their parents were at the same age.
Forgetful of our own shortcomings of the present and past, we are too apt
to look for the development of a higher sense than we have any right to ex
pect. These boys must pass through all the stages through which the race
has passed. First the savage, then the half-civilized, and after that the civ
ilized and enlightened stages. All pass more rapidly through these stages
than did the race; yet vou have no right to expect any great amount of
goodness from any child. The eerms are there, but it takes time for their
development
Though they'may seem to be. few, if any, boys are naturally depraved.
Careful examination will convince all that what seems to be natural has. in
reality, been acquired through imitation. There would probably be no
hoodlums among the 'bovs if there were none to be found among the men.
Even the very bad boy is vicious only upon the surface. His toughness is
only skin deep. The utter disregard for the rights of others, the insolence,
the profanity, are mere imitations of the actions, the manners, the language
and the vices of some swaggering bully who, for the time being, is the
boy's ideal. Be assured that the boy is not saturated with the poison, as in
the case of the men. The bov is simply inoculated. With him. as with the
growing body, it is easily possible to throw off the poison, if only proper
steps are taken to secure the much desired end.
Expecting Too Mtacn of Boys.
rcrg -*£~Z& HAT shall be done with the bad boy? How shall he be
I^Bf^iStrfli^'J ' mana Ked? Is it possible to save him? These are questions
lv«ftSJwKJi? ¦ which are old but ever new. They constantly demand
'4 1 ra-frrar #i^ 3 answers from many loving parents. Let us be honest
about the matter. Is he really bad? It i3 very much to
rif^W^Wl^) ll c doubted. Years of experience with many thousands
\Jk±Mpiii&ma§r3fi of boys and girls convince the writer that ninety-five
t out of every hundred who are said to be bad should not
be condemned by the use of any such word.
Very often a boy is condemned because he is blessed with too much life
and energy. It boils over and produces "the noisiest boy you ever saw."
Too many parents do not understand the truth of the statement that "boys
must be boys, with their racket and noise."
1 Many times a boy is criticized because he is mischievous. This is no
crime.' Why should he J>e condemned for this? How many can point to a
successful man who, as a boy. was not often in mischief?
Some are condemned because they are not respectful, or because thev
at times are impudent. This. is a great fault; it should be corrected. It is
frequently the result of improper "training, for which the parent is responsi
ble. It is important that the parents find some way to train them awav
from the habits already forrned.' It is also hoped that they will be fair and
not blame it all on the boy. x
Others are said to be bad because they do not tell the truth. Others
because they sometimes take what does not belong to them. Others because
they tease. Others because thev sometimes get into a fight. For these and
other reasons we are only too ready to condemn boys and decide that they
are bad.
By W. T. Stead.
INFLUENCE OF MON
ARCHS ON SUBJECTS
Women in Love Not Good Teachers.
/ £ 1 MUST support the general rule laid down in our by-laws," said Dr. W.
I H. Maxwell, superintendent of the Public Schools of Greater New
X York. "It is not a matter of discipline with me: I indorse the rule be
:ause I believe in it. Women teachers must resign upon their marriage.
If the husband dies, deserts the wife or becomes incapacitated through illness
or accident from supporting his family, the wife may, three years after such,
conditions arise, and upon furnishing sufficient proof of the facts, be con
sidered for a position as teacher. This is the only recognized exception to
the general rule, and we have found it to furnish the basis of a good work
ing plan. ¦- . .
"When a woman makes uo her mind to marry her thoughts are centered
on her home-and husband. If they were not she would be lacking in some
respects, and we would not care to have such a woman as a teacher. She
forms ties that bind her more closely than any cold allegiance to employ
ers who pay her a stipulated salary. Her whole life should be in -he? little
domestic circle if she is to make a success of marriage. f
"Her position is fundamentally different from the man teacher s. He
ha* to take an interest in his school work in order to succeed and thus make
it possible to support his family. He may have worries, but they are not of
that intimately domestic nature which characterize the home life of the
wife.- To a large extent he can solve all puzzling problems by making a
success of teaching and obtaining advancement thereby. He can be a model
husband by so doing, as he will not be open to the charge of neglecting
his family. His work lies outside. The wife would have to neglect her
family if she put her whole heart into teaching. It would make her discon
tented with her work in the schools if she appreciated that she was not doing
her full duty to her family. .
"Most women teachers who marry are young or may be classed as such.
Young women who are mothers or who are liable to become such do not
make good teachers. This is, putting the matter frankly, and it is one of the*
main reasons for our objection, to teachers continuing with their work after
they marry. We must insist on teachers doing their whole dutv bv their
work, not giving it a half-hearted allegiance. If a woman is the right sort
she will prefer devoting her whole time to her home and husband.
"We insist upon the rule, but not as a barrier between our teachers and
marriage. We. do not care to interfere, with what they consider their happi
ness. But we must protect the interests intrusted to' us, and we believe
those interests would suffer if the distraction of the marriage tie divided
time and attention with the classroom.
"Our most efficient teachers arc women who have passed the age when
Cupid's blandishments are appealing to them. I do not mean to state that
attractive young women do not make good teachers. The point I wish to ;
make is this: The fewer distractions a woman has the" better her work.
The bounding energy of youth, with its enthusiasm and ambition, .counts
for less than sobriety of viewpoint, experience and the wisdom imparted by
experience. Those whose lives lie largely behind them are not wanted in
many walks of life. They are not considered sufficiently energetic. But the
born teacher has a love for her work amounting to inspiration, and it is
not dulled by the passing years. Some of these women have been married
and they make good teachers, but the delirium of youthful love at least has
passed and their responsibilities have sobered them."
/"~Y O much havoc haa been wrought ' n tha ranks of women teachers,
L-J both in thl« country and England, that the question. Shall women
y^\ teachers marry? la a vital one. No one withholds from women teach-
L/ em the privilege of exercising their own sweet will in such a mat
4 ter, but Board! of Education have decided that resignations are in
order as soon as vowa are taken at the altar.
Carefully complied statistics go to show that members of the teaching
fraternity may be depended upon for only about elev«n years of service on
the _ average. Although these figures constitute an admirable answer to
those alarmists who profess a fear of race suicide, they also cause concern
to educators. Many authorities regard eleven years as little more than ' a
novitiate for- the work of Instructing the young.
The fact that men teachers are .urged to marry and women teachers are
practically barred from so doing seems to be another Instance of the in
equality of the sexes. The query arises:
Why this distinction between. the sexes?
Why should matrimony disqualify girls for continuing in their profes- '
sion? , _ • •-..•¦' . ¦ ¦ . .;
The views of persons prominent In the educational life, both here and m .
he East, are her* quoted at length. ,
I^et Them Marry if TSiey Want To.
f/T X"T HY may not women teachers marry?" repeated Associate City
\ A J Superintendent Thomas S. O'Brien of New York. "I would sub-
Y y divide this question into three sections, as follows:
"No. I— Should women teachers marry? Yes. by all means.
Let them many the minute they find the man they think they can love all
their lives, and who. they are certain, loves them and will make them happv.
No Board of Education has a right to interfere with the happiness of either
man or woman, and certainly not with that of woman.
"No. a— Should women teachers continue to teach after they marrv? No;
and the 'no' should be as emphatic as the 'yes* in reply to the first question.
They should stay at home and take care of their husbands and the children
after they come. •
"No. 3 There are possibly some exceptions. Some women can ride
more than one horse at a time. They can nurse a baby and teach school and
write for the newspapers all at once, but these creatures are rare. Neverthe
less, there are some of this kind, and it is in their behalf I make the excep
tion.
"There may be a No. 4. but it hasn't occurred to me up to the present
time. No; the rule is not made to discriminate against women. Men are
likely to have outside occupations that interfere with their efficiency as teach
ers. If these duties cause them to neglect their school work or are of such
a nature that they are liable to do so. we do not hesitate to ask for their
resignation. But marriage per se does not impair a man's usefulness as a
teacher. He docs not have to bake the bread and take care of the house if
he is entitled to wear trousers."
1SEE no particular reason why mar
ried women should not act as
teachers. All other business
women are permitted to marry and
so one says, much less thinks, any
thing about it. And when it comes
right down to it, the School Depart
ment should not be an employment
Bureau ready to take on a teacher
because she enjoys .single blessedness,
or to, put her aside because she has
added the prefix Mrs. to her name. The
best and most competent instructress
should be employed, and she should be
retained until it has been thoroughly
proven that she is not capable. Married
life, any way you put it, is about six of
uae and half a dozen of the other,
y a teacher is indisposed, the first we
irarn of it is through a note brought
'.'V the husband, who, for all we know,
laay have been walking the floor for
hours with the baby. It seems to me the
chief requisite of a teacher is knowledge
.ind the ability to impart it, and if she
la up to the standard required, her pri
vate life should be unquestioned.
W. N. BUSH, Polytechnic School.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
Married Women Should Not Teach.
CfCTpf HERE are some occupations a woman might follow even if she
I should be married." said Miss Evangeline Whitney. Superinten-
I dent of Vacation Schools and Playground of New York. "Teaching
' i is not one of them. A bride might keep on with her work as sten
ographer, clerk or bookkeeper. The work may be arduous, but it is. to a
certain extent^ mechanical, and does not require the initiative demanded of
the teacher.
"But why should a woman become a wife and go on teaching? Where
is the home she expected to make for her husband? I fear she could not
display much enthusiasm as a teacher and then be as devoted a wife as her
husband would wish. Some women have a heart big enough for their hus
band and their pupils, but in many cases — most, in fact— one or the other
would suffer. The school authorities have determined the pupils shall not
suffer, and as they have no iurisdiction over the husband they expect him to
look out for himself.
"Married women often make excellent teachers, but these paragons do
not come' under 'the category of fluttering young ladies who have been teach
ing two or three years and suddenly fall a victim to Cupid. Those whose
children are no longer a care, but nevertheless entail a sobering responsibil
ity, may be trusted to do their work to the full extent of their powers. The
rule that applies in this "case never would have been formulated if it had not
been intended to remedy conditions that were harmful to the public school
system. It works well, seldom does anybody an injustice, and. like all good
rules, it can be broken when necessary."
1 BELIEVE the rule which declare*
the position of any lady teacher
vacant upon her marriage to be a
very good one. The^ occupation of
a wife is sufficient in itself • to re
quire her entire time and attention, and
any other employment must of necessity
destroy her natural interest in a home
and its accompaniments.
The teacher, male or female, should
give his or her undivided attention to
their pupils. The best results, both for
advancement of. teacher and pupil, • can
only be attained by this application.
; In Federal positions in the City of
Washington many married clerks work
side by side through their natural lives,
but add nothing to the population of
our country or to the home life or cul
ture of our race; and such unions
should be discouraged.
The profession, however, is always
open, and affords a very proper shelter
to the teacher who has lost her husband
through death or unfortunate marriage.
G. H. FOULKS,
Lincoln Commercial Night School.
WHY SHOULD NOT WOMEN TEACHERS MARRY?
12who stepped, wavering, from the gap that
opened behind the receding flat— back
from something between the rails— back
to put his hands blindly out for the target
rod. and unsteadily upon it. He heard
Bhockley breathing.
Some carried the headlight back and
some tore the door off a boxcar and they
got him on. They carried him unevenly,
stumbling, over to the depot. They laid
him on Callahan's mattress in the wait
ing-room and the men stood all about
him; but the only sound was his breath
lrrg, and Inside under the lamp the re
ceiver, clicking, clicking, clicking, of
Bucks and the company surgeon coming
on a special ahead of Fifty-nine.
They twisted tourniquets Into his quiv
ering flesh, and with the light dying in
his eyes they put whisky to his lips. But
he turned his head and spit it from hia
mouth. Then he looked from face to faci
about him— to the engineer and to taa
fireman, and to little Chris and to Call? ¦
h»n. and his lips moved.
"Block— block " said Shockley's lips.
And Callahan wiped them slowly and
bent close again and put his ear over
them. "Block— block— the— frogs."
And Shockley died.
The special pulled in. and with the shoes
wringing fire from her heels as she
slowed. Bucks and a man following eloia
sprang from ths step of the coach. Calla
han met them: shook his bead.
Twenty minutes later Fifty-nine whis
tled for the yard, but tn the yard all
was dark and still. One man got off
Fifty-nine that night. Carrying bis UttJe
in front of him. Then he thrrw his lamp.
No help came. Desperate at last, he
threw himself flat to He outside the. rail,
to save all but a foot; but the frog" held
him, and crying horribly he struggled
back to his feet, only to sink again half
crazy to the ground. As his senses left
him he was hardly aware of a stinging
pain in his foot, of a wrench at his leg.
an instant arm around his back, and bis
yardmaster*s voice In his ear.
"Jump!" screamed Shockley. . .
Chris, scrambling frantically on ths
deadly rails, unable to Jump, ftlt him
self picked from the ground, heard a
choke in the throat at his ear, and he
was fluns like a drawbar through the
dark. Shockley had passed a knife blade
from vamp to sole, slit the Russian's
clumsy shoe, Jerked his foot from it and
thrown him bodily into the clear.
Chris staggered, panting, to his feet
Already the steel was moving slowly over
the switch; a lantern, burning yet, lay on
its side near the stand— It was Shockley's
lamp. 'Chris looked wildly around for his
yardmaster; called out; called Shockley's
name; listened. No scream, no groan, no
cry, no answer; no sound, but Just the
steady pounding of the wheels over the
contact. The little switchman screamed
again in a frenzy, and, , turning, raced,
stumbling, up the track to the cab. He
swung into it, and by signs made the en
gineer shut off. He tried to talk, and
only stammered a lingo of switch pidgin
and the name of Shockley. They couldn't
understand it at all. but they shut off
with faces pinched and sallow, threw
open the- furnace door, and, grabbing
their lanterns, ran back. The fireman, on
his knees, held his lamp out under the
flat that spanned the contact; he drew,
shrinking, back, and, rising, started on
the run for th'e depot to rouse Callahan.
It was Callahan who pulled the pin a
moment later, Chris shivering like a rab
bit at his side. It was Callahan who gave
the slow null ahead order that cut the
train In two at the frog, and Callahan
Coolly, first, like a confident man in
quicksand; soon with alarm running into
fright. But there was time enough. The
head car was four or five lengths above
the switch and coming very, very slowly,
heavy-like and squeaking stiffly under its
load, yet coming; and he wrenched hard
er, but his foot stuck. Then he yelled
for Shockley. Shockley had gone over to
open the caboose " switch. Shockley
couldn't hear, and he knew it And he
yelled again.. ;
The sweat broke over him as he turned
and twisted. Half the .time was gone;
the near truck wheels screeched, two car
lengths away, and the . switchman played
his last card. Time and time again
Shockley had told him what to do if
that moment came in the night; had told
him to throw 'his lamp In the air; like a
rocket. But Chris had forgotten all that
till the flat dropped heavily on the tongue
cut off the long train up ran the little
switch engine and snapped at the head
less monster like a coyote. Out came the
coal with a clatter; out came the depot
stuff, shot here, shot there, shot yonder
—flying down this spur and down that^aml
the other, like stones from a catapult;
and the tough-connected, smut-faced,
blear-eyed yard engine coughed and
snorted and spit a shower of sparks and
Boot and cinders up into the Christmas
air, until Twenty-three was wrecked
clean to the caboose.
Then there was only the westbound
freight, Fifty-five, to make up. Shockley
and Chris and the goat crew put at it like
black ants. There was releasing and set
ting and kicking and splitting, and once
In a while a flying switch, dead against
the rubrics: and at last the whole train
of steel was in line and ready to run in
on the house track for the caboose.
• For that run Chris had set the east
house-track switch, crossed the track and
swung a great circle with his lamp for
the back. In the dark his ankle turned
on a lump of coal; he recovered lightly,
but the misstep sent his other foot wide
and with a bit of a jolt Rubedo's new
shoe slipped Into the frog. .
Up the track he heard a roll. of stormy
coughs from the engine. They were com
ing toward him, over the spot where he
stood, on his signal, and he quietly tried
to loosen his heel.
valise In hit hand, ha walked la and ont
of the depot, hanging on the edges of tht
grouping men, who still talked of the ac
cident. Alter hearing, be walked alone
Into the baggage-room, and with his va
lise In his hand drew back the edge of
the sheet and, standing, looked After
ward he paused at the door and spoke to
a man that was fixing a lantern.
"What was his name?"
" •?Shockley."
"Shockleyr
"Yes."
"Yardmaster here?**
"Yes. Know him*"
"Me? No. I guess not.** He walked
away with his valise, and drew bis coat
collar up In the wind that swept the plat
form. "I guess I don't want him," he
muttered to himself. "I guess they
don't want him; not now." And he went
back to the* man and asked when a train
left again for Chicago. He had a warrant
for Shockley; but Shockley's warrant had
been served.
There was no Christmas that eight in
Little Russia.
between Shockley and the cowboys. Even
Peg Leg Reynolds let him alone. "H«'s
the luckiest fellow on earth," remarked
Callahan one day at McCloud, in reply to
a question from Bucks.
"He wasn't always lucky," commented
Bucks. "He came from Chicago. He was
switching there on the 'Q' at the time of
the stockyards riots. Shockley used to
drink like a pirate. I never knew Just
the right of It. I understand It was a
brawl— anyway, he killed a man there;
Bhot him, and had to get away In a hurry.
I was trainmaster. Shockley was a
striker; but I'd always found him decent,
and when his wife came to me about it
I helped her out a little; she's dead since.
His record isn't Just right back there yet.
There's something about the shooting
hanging over him. I never set eyes on
the fellow again till he struck me for- a
Job at McCloud; then I sent him up to
you. He claimed he'd quit drinking—
guess he had. Long as he's behaving
himself I believe In giving him a chance
— h'm?"
It really wasn't any longer a case of
giving him a chance; rather of whether
they could get on without him. When the
Colorado Pacific began racing us Into
Denver that summer It began to crowd
even Shockley to keep the yard clean.
"Chris, what do they give you for tin
kering up the ties?" asked Shockley one
day.
"Dollar an* a half."
"Why don't you take hold switching
with me and get three dollars?"
Chris was thunderstruck. First he said
Callahan wouldn't let him, but Shockley
"guessed yes." Then Chris figured. To
save the last of the hundred dollars nec
essary to get the woman nnd the babies
over — it could be done in thre months in
stead of six. If only Callahan would lis
ten. But when Shockley talked Callahan
always listened, and when he asked for
a new switchman he got him. And Chris
got his three; to him a sum unspeakable.
B3' the time the woman and the children
arrived In the fall Chris would have died
for Shockley.
One stormy night, when Chris thought
it was perfectly safe to venture up to
Rubedo's after groceries, the cowboys
caught him and dragged him over to Pat
Barlle's. It was 7 when they caught him
and by 9 they had put him through every
pace that civilization could suggest. Peg
Leg Reynolds, as always, master of cer
emonies, then ordered him tied to the
stove. The fur on Chris's coat had al
ready begun to sizzle when the front door
opened. Shockley walked in.
Straight, In his ambling, hurried way,
he walked past the deserted bar through
the ring of cowboys at the rear to Chris
frying against the stove and began cut
ting him loose. Through every knot that
his knife silt he sent a very loud and very
bad word, and no sooner had he freed
Chris than he Jerked him by the collar,
as if quarreling with him, toward the
back door, which was handy, and before
the cowboys got wind he had shoved him
through it.
"Hold on there!" cried Teg Leg Rey
nolds, when It was Just too late. Chris
was out of it and Shockley turned alone.
"All right, partner; what is U?" he
asked amiably.
"You've got a ripping nerve."
"I know It."
"What's vour name?"
"Shockley."
"Can you dance?"
"No."
It was Peg Leg's opportunity. He drew
his gun. "I reckon maybe you can. Try
it." he added. And a bullet from the
cowboy's gun splintered the baseboard at
Shockley's feet.
Peg Leg was a rough dancing master,
and before he eald enough an ordinary
man would have dropped exhausted.
Shockley, breathing a good bit quicker,
only steadied himself against the bar.
"Take off your hat before gentlemen,"
cried the cowboy. Shockley hesitated, but
.he did pull off his cap.
"That's more like it. What's your
name?"
"Shockley."
"Shockley!" exchoed Reynolds, with a
burst of range amenities. "Well, Shock
ley, you can't help your name. Drink for
once In your life with a man of breeding
—my name's Reynolds. Pat, set out the
good bottle — this guy pays," exclaimed
Peg Leg. wheeling; to the- bar.
"What'll it be?" asked Pat Barlle of
Ehockley, as he deftly slid a row of
glasses in front of the men of breeding.
"Ginger ale for me." suggested Shock
ley mildly. The cowboys put up a single
yell. Ginger ale! It was too funny.'
Reynolds, choking with contempt, point
ed to the yardmaBter's glass. "Fill it
with whisky!" he shouted. The yard
master held out the glass and the bar
keeper began to pour. Shockley looked
at the liquor a moment: then he looked
at Reynolds, who fronted him gun In one
hand and red water in the other.
"Drink!"
Shockley paused, looked again at the
whisky and drew the glass toward him
with the curving hand of a drinker. "You
want me to 'drink this?" he half laughed,
turning on his baiter.
"I didn't say so, did I? I said DRINK!"
roared Peg Leg.
Everybody looked at Shockley. He stood
fingering the glass quietly. Other guns
were creeping from their holsters. He
pusheS the glass back, smiling:.*
"I don't drink whisky,* partner,*' ealfl
Shockley, gently.
"You'll drink that whisky, or I'lliput a
little hole into you!"
Shockley reached good-naturedly for
the glass, threw the liquor on the floor
and set it back on the bar.
"Go on!" said Shockley. It confused
"Rubedo."
"And don't you know a. switchman
oughtn't t' put his feet In flatboats?
Don't you know some day you'll get your
foot stuck'ln a tongue or a guard? Then
where'll you be, Dutch, with a string; of
flats rolling down on you, eh?"
However, Chris stuck for his request.
He wouldn't take no for an answer.
"Well, for God's sake let up, Chris,"
said the yardmaster at last. "I'll come
down after Twenty-three comes in. Get
back early after cupper, and we'll make
up Fifty-five and let the rest go." .' ¦
It: was -a pretty night; pretty enough
over the yard for anybody's Christmas,'
Julian or Gregorian. No snow, but a
moon, and a full one, rising early over
the Arlkaree bluffs, and a frost that bit
and sparkled. Happily for Christmas in
Little Russia, Twenty-three pulled in on
time; but it was long and heavy that
night. The minute the tired engine was
"Well, what's the racket anyhow,
Chris?" demanded Shockley lazily, after
Cross-Eyes trying to get rid of the invi
tation to the festivities had sputtered
switch-English five minutes at him.
"Ve got Chrlsmus by us," explained
Chris desperately.
"Christmas," repeated Shockley grimly.
"Christmas. Why, man, Christmas don't
come nowhere on earth In January.
Where'd vou get them shoes?"
"Dollar eefenty-vlfe." , • .
But the frog-blocking was not what
worried Hhockley; his push was to keep
the yard clean, for the month of Decem
ber brought more stuff twice over than
was ever poured into the front-end yard
before. Chris, though, had developed Into
a great switchman, and the two never let
the work get ahead.
When the Russian holidays came, down
below, Chris concluded that the celebra
tion would be merely hollow without
Shockley, for was not the very existence
of Little Russia due to him?
"I notice Shockley Isn't keeping his
frogs blocked," continued Bucks, revert
ing to other matters. "That won't do. I
want every frog in the yard blocked and
kept blocked, and tell him I said so."
"we'll get Ms scalp, that's all. He'd bet
ter look after his conductors and leave
our men alone."
"Boys," said the yardmaster, with one
restless eye on Reynolds and one on
everybody else, as he pointed at Chris,
"this man's coat was burnt up.- He's a
poor devil, and his money comes hard.
Chip in for a new coat. I've nothing
against any man that don't want to Rive,
but Reynolds must pass the hat. Take
mine, you coyote."
Nearly everybody contributed as Rey
nolds went round. Shockley made no com
ments. "Count it," he commanded, when
the fallen monarch had finished; and
when the tale was made Shockley told
Pat Barlle to put (n as much more as
the cap held, and he did so.
"There. Chris; go home. I don't like
you," added Shockley insolently, turning
on Reynolds. "You don't know what fun
Is. This town won't hold you and me
after to-night You can take it or you
can leave it, but the first time I ever put
eyes on you again one of us will cash in-."
He backed directly toward the front
door .and out.
Peg Leg Reynolds took only the night
to decide; next day he hit the trail. The
nervy yardmaater he might have wiped
out if he had stayed, but the disgrace of
kneeling before the dog of a Russian was
something never to be wiped out In the
annals of Benkleton. Peg Leg moved on,
and thereafter cowboys took occasion to
stop Shockley on the street and Jolly him
on the way he did the one-legged bully,
and the lights were shot no more.
The railroad men swore by the new
yardmaster; the Russians took their cig
arettes from their mouths and touched
their caps when Shockley passed; Calla
han blessed his name, but little Chris
worshiped him. .
One day Alfabet Smith dropped off at
Benkleton from Omaha headquarters. Al
fabet was the west end spotter. "Who Is
that slfm fellow?" he asked of Callahan
as Shockley flew by on the pilot board of
an engine.
"That's Shockley."
"Oh, that's Shockley. ii It?"
But he could say little things In a way
to make a man prick all over.
"Yes, that's Shockley. Why?" asked
Callahan, with a dash of acid..
"Nothing, only he's a valuable man.
He's wanted, Shockley Is," smiled Alfabet
Smith.
Callahan took it up short.~"'Look here,
Alfabet. Keen- off Shockley."
"Why?"
"Why? Because you and I will touch,
head on, If you don't." J" »C
The next time ' Bucks was up, his as
sistant told him of the Incident.
"If he bothers Shockley," Bucks said.
Peg Leg's roasting gun sputtered an ac
companiment from the stove; but "as
Shockley, who stood in front of it, paid
no attention to the fusillade of bullets,
good form prevented others from dodging.
"That'll do; get down. Come here,
Chris." called Shockley. Chris Oxen,
greatly disturbed, issued from an ob
scure corner.
"Get down on your knees," exclaimed
the yardmaster. Jerking Reynolds with a
chilly twist in front of the frightened
Russian; "get on your knees; right
where I threw your whisky," and Shock
ley. crowding Reynolds down to his hu
miliation, dropped for the first time into
range civilities himself, and the shame
and the abasement of It were very great.
Maybe an hour later Reynolds was sit
ting back of the stove in a card game,
when a voice spoke at his ear. "'Get up!"
Reynolds looked around Into a pistol; be
hind it stood Sbockley, pleasant. "Get
up!" he repeated. Nobody had seen him
come In, but there he was, and with an
absolutely Infantile gun, a mere baby gun,
in the yellow light, but It shone like
bright silver. " .,
Reynolds with visible embarrassment
stood up.
"Throw your cannon into the stovo,
Reynolds, you won't need it," suggested
Shockley. Reynolds looked around; not a
cowboy interposed. Under convoy, Rey
nolds stumped over to the stove and
threw in his gun, but the grace of the do-
Ing was bad.
•'Get up there on the bar and dance;
hustle!" urged Shockley. They had to
help the confused cowboy up; and when
he stood shame-faced, looking down on
the scene of his constant triumphs, and
did a painful single foot, marking '.Ime
with his peg, the cowboys, who had stood
thelf own share of his bullying, roared.
Shockley didn't roar; only stood with
busy eyes where he could cover any man
on demand, not forgetting even Pat Bar-
He.
Peg Leg drained his glass before he
spoke. "Get out!" he snapped. The
switchman started on the word for the
front door.
"Where's your nerve?" asked the rail
road man. The gun covered him with a
flash and a roar. Reynolds, whatever his
faults, was a shot. His bullet cut clearly
through 'the crown, and the powder al
most burned Shockley's face. The
switchman recovered himself almost in
stantly, and taking off his cap laughed as
he examined the hole.
"Done with me?" he asked evenly, cap
in hand.
"Put a hole through It there," said he.
Reynolds get down his glass, and Shocfc
ley waited; It was the cowboy who hesi
tated.
Reynolds.'
"A man that'll waste good whisky
oughtn't to live, anyhow," he muttered,
fingering his revolver nervously. ''You've
spoiled my aim. Throw up your hat,"- he
yelled. "I'll put a hole through that to
begin with."
Instead, Shockley put his cap back on
his heed.
"Now," continued Callahan to himself,
timidly hopeful, "if the ctiss only doesn't
get to drinking!" He watched apprchen
eively, dreading the first time he should
pee him entering Pat Barlie's place, but
Ehockley didn't appear to know Pat had
a place. The cowboys, too, watched him,
waiting for his lamp to gleam at night
down In the yard, but Shockley got all
his work done by daylight.
The whole winter went without a brush
While he etood at the window he saw
their plus switch engine wheeze out of
the roundhouse, paw the new yardmaster
f.irt his hand at the engineer and swing
up on the footboard. But the swing— It
made CaJlahan's heart warm to him. It
was the fwing of the tailor Into the
•shrouds, of the Cossack Into the caddie,
of the yacht Into the wind. It was like
falling down or falling up or falling on —
the >rrace of a mastery of gravitation.
"He's all right," muttered Callahan. It
was enough. „
As Callahan studied the claimant's In
offensive appearance, walking away, he
rather thought it couldn't be over or that
Bucks was mistaken; but Bucks never
made a mistake.
Next morning at 7 the new yardmaster
took hold. Callahan had Intimated that
the night air In the yard ¦was miasmatic,
and that Ehockley had maybe better try
for a while to do his switching In the day
time. Just before the appointed hour In
the morning the assistant had looked out
on his unlucky yard; he thought to him
self that if that yard didn't. drive a man
to drink nothing ever would. Piled shanty
high with a bewildering array of ma
terial, it was enough to take the heart
out of a Denver switching crew.
"Step upstairs. 1*11 be up In a minute."
"Bucks sent me up— to take the yard."
"What's your name?"
"Ebockley."
It was the yardmen who caught it, and
It gTew s» bad they couldn't keep a
switchman. About 10 o'clock at night,
after Number Twenty-three had pulled in
and they war* distributing a trair.'.oad of
bridge timbers, a switchman's lantern
weald go up In signal, when plstJ a bul
let would knock the lamp clean out of
his band and th* nerv* clean out of his
T>»t4_ Cowboys shot away the lamps
tastsr «>>•» requisitions could be drawn
tar new onea. They shot the signals off
ths switches and the lights from the top
ef cor'.r.r trains. Whenever a brakeman
snowed a, flicker two cowboys stood wait-
Ins; to snuff It. If they missed the lamp
th*y winged the brakeman. It compelled
Bocks after a while to run trains throug-h
Benkleton without showing ever a, light.
At last Bucks, on whom the worry re
flectrii at headquarters, swore he would
flight them with fire, and he sent Shock
uy.
The next night a t&ll, thlnnlsh chap,
without visible reasons for alighting, got
•3 Ftfty-nlne and walked tentatively
down the platform. At the ticket office
h« asked for the assistant superintendent.
"Out there on the platform, talking to
t£» conductor."
The thin fellow emerged and headed for
Callahan. Callahan noticed only his light,
springy enable and his hatchet face.
"Mr. Callahan?"
"Tea."
The road was being pushed into the cat
tle country, and it was easy until they
¦truck Benkleton. Southwest of the yard,
where the river breaks sheer into the bot
toms, there hived a colony of railroad la
borers, Russians. They squatted there,
burrowed Into the face of the bench like
sand swallows, and scraped caves out for
themselves, and the name of the place is
Little Rucftla.
The cowboys, homesick for evil, would
rifle around Little Russia with rope and
gun and scare the pioneers crosseyed. The
headquarters of this restless gang were at
Pal Barlle's place, across from the post
efflce. To Callahan Pat Barlle's place
was a wasp's nest; but to Chris It was a
den of wolves.
So Cailahan eat thinking of the ingenu
ity of Chris and studying over Bucks' let
ter.
The yard was his worry. Not that it
was much of a yard; Just a dozen runs
off the lead. The trouble at the Benkle
ton yard came from without, not from
within.
ODc^Ttett. 1W, brF. H. Bpeannan.)
* .*m -• XTf ratnsra bad lot. I gusss."
%fc I \ mou Buki to CiJ1>1ul&. "but
|| Z *a satined of on» thing—
X J yea can't run that yard with
•• a Bucday-achool snperlnten
«ast B« wwa't make yoa any trouble un
issa h# g*ts to drlnklns. U that happen*,
Acan h*.ve ary words with him. Simply
crtarl t£t» a cyclone cellar and wire me."
ZX *ma ffvttiss dark and Callahan eat In
tftaj part et the Benkleton depot he called
tbs cSm, pulling at a musty root that
went unaccountably not la sudden
f ¦«*.—. He took the pipe from his mouth
aid looked «t the bowl resentfully, woa
derlng again If there could be powder In
T>ift Infernal tobacco of Rubedo's. Th«
mouthpiece he eyed as a desperate man
might ponder a final shift.
The pipe had criminally come from God >
ootintry, with a beautiful amber mouth
pleoe *^A a beautiful bowl; but It was a
present from hl» el«ter and had been
bought at a dry goods store. Once Calla
han bad held a lighted match to the
beautiful amber mouthpiece Instead of to
the tobacco, and In the fire that ensued
they had hard work to pave the depot.
After losing the mouthpiece he would
have- been completely in the air but for
little Chris Oxen. Chris was Callahan's
section gang. He had been in America
onty three years, but he had been In R.us-
Ela three hundred, and in that time had
learned many ways of getting something
out of nothing. When the red-haired dis
patcher cast away the remains of the pipe
after the explosion Chris picked it up and
by Judicious action on an atomiser figured
cut a new mouthpiece no worse than the
original.
THE SUNDAY CAIjI*.
THE SWITCHMAN'S STORY.
13
The Master
of Apple by
A novel tale concerning Itself in part
with. the great struggle In the twoCaro-
linas, but chiefly with the adventures
therein of two gentlemen who loved
one and the tame lady . • -i' : - v .
By Francis Lynde
BEGINS.'
-JNNEXT-
Sunday CallWUST think of a tree that you can
I eat, leaves and all, quite like the
\ most delicate and appetizing vege
f%J table. on the most epicurean bill of
fare. It Is something, entirely fiew
here, but Is destined for great popularity
with the thrifty housewife and the skill
ful gardener as soon as Its remarkable
properties become better known. Then
you will find one growing In every garden
and vying In Interest with the aristo
crats of the flower kingdom. - : /
In the accompanying picture will be
seen the most wonderful growth of Ger
man kale tree that has ever come to our
notice, and Is growing on the - propeorty
of A. M. Brunswick In Los Angeles, CaL
The kale plant ordinarily grows .to the'
height of two or three feet, but In this |
Instance, under the cultivation of its own
er .It has attained a height of twelve feet
and is still growing. v The leaves of this
kale tree, which are cooked the same as
cabbage or other vegetable greens, were/
stripped from tho stock as It grew up,
and altogether enough kale has been se
cured from this tree to supply a family
for a whole season.
Mr. Brunswick will send his kale tree
to the St. -Louis fair through the sec
retary of the Los Angeles Chamber of
Commerce, Mr. Wiggins, and will no
doubt receive an award.
f r —S——j-y : -=2 ONSIDERI N G that
•^S^^Sw/jH Greyson and Brad
(ifEafyty/^?* 1 dent enthusiasts at
\l»t(Sf£X/*> H tne * ame> ll wa8 not
yjistwfcff^3n BUr P rlsIn s that they
f V*l33S=il!^)l i should have decided
£*x3jS9BE«3£x!xg to let golf be the ar
biter of their fates. The two young men
were desperately In love with Marcia
Van Zandt. So, for that matter, were
half a dozen others of the male contin
gent at Westerfeldt But all recognized
that Greyson and Bradbury were the two
favorites, and the withdrawal of one of
them from the field would naturally place
the other in a fair position to win out.
It was Bradbury who offered the chal
lenge of a nine hole match, the loser of
which should immediately pack bag and
baggage and decamp. Greyson had con
sidered the proposition for a brief min
ute, then accepted, and a date was set
for the trial of skill.
Greyson won the toss and drove oft first,
making the straightaway in five, as he
generally did. Bradbury usually played
the first green In five also, but by a for
tunate approach shot he holed It la four,
thus gaining a lead of one.
The' next two holes, the ravin* and rest
a-while, were halved In five each, but on
the fourth putting green Greyson made a
phenomenal gobble and tied the score at
nineteen. <s
Without doubt It was not Intended by
the- two player* that ,thelr caddies should
know the stake which waa being played
for, but from several remarks which Scot
ty overheard as be trudged along with
the clubs he must have Jumped. at a pret
ty accurate conclusion. And as the four
rested In the shade at the fifth tee he con.
flded something to the new caddie from
town which made that youth observe the
remainder of the game with vastly more
interest than he had hitherto displayed.
Now, the fifth hole of the Westerfeldt
course, called the frying pan. Is the worst
one' of the nine, the drive-off being di
rectly over a deep gravel pit. It was on
this fair green that Bradbury stole a lead
of three, for by a good drive and a long
brassle shot he cleared tha hazard and
was In the hole In five.
The frying pan had always been a
Waterloo for Greyson, and on this day
It proved even worse th,an usual, for he
topped his ball twice, and then broke his.
mid Iron just above the whipping while
trying to recover. The next two holes
were halved in four each, so that the
score, as the two players . walked up to
the eighth tee, was 35 to 33 In Bradbury's
favor. ¦
Whether It waa the result of an over-
(Copyright, 1903, by T. C. McClure.)
Indulgence In **rickies" on the previous
evening, overconfldence In victory." or
whether it was due simply to nervousness
on account of the size of the stakes for
which they wer© playing, will never be
known, but for some cause Bradbury
went to the bad on the eighth hole, and
It cost him six before he holed It, whereas
he usually played it In four, as his com
panion succeeded In doing.
Greyson's lead of three on this hole just
made up for the same number he had lost
on the fifth, so that the score at the last
green was again tied at thirty-nine.
There was an air of suppressed excite
ment about both players and caddies as
Greyson built his tee and prepared to
drive for the last time. The ninth hole
Is about 200 yards, and Is located on the
further side, of a little hill, so that only
the upper half of the red flag Is visible
from where the driver stands. Scotty,
the caddie, had gone on ahead, and when
Greyson's ball just cleared the brow of
the hill, he followed quickly after It and
disappeared over the other side.
He found that the ball had landed In
the middle of a bunch of fog. so that It
lay In an almost unplayable position. It
waa the work of but a moment to kick
the ball sharply from Its resting place
toward the hole, then he ran back to the
top of the bill and shouted:
"You're dead, two feet from the bole,
Mr. Greyson. It's a cinch for two."
Then the rlckles, or the nerves, or
something or other, got to work on Brad
bury again, for he sliced his drive and
the ball fell within 100 yards of the green.
He made a gallant attempt to recover,
however, and with his next stroke
stymied his ball with that of his compan
ion.
But the game was over, for Orsyson
putted In with his next stroke, winning
the match by one; then he walked up to
Bradbury and held out his hand.
"Hard luck, old man," he said cheerily,
"better luck next time."
As the two caddies walked back to the
greenkeeper's they talked over the game
Just finished, and after exacting a prom
ise of absolute secrecy Scotty revealed to
his companion his doing at the last hole.
"It wasn't 'cause Mr. Greysqn always
tips me that I monkeyed with the score."
he said In Justification of his action,
"though he Is the best man of the two.
and I hope he wins out with Miss Van
Zandt. I wouldn't have cooked that Brad
bury cuss, either, even If he did biff me
once or twice when I laughed at his scuf
fing, but I saw him foozle twice to-day
without counting It. and at the eighth
hole he lifted his ball out of a cuppy lie
when he thought no one was looking.
"And, anyway," he added, conclusively.
"as Agassiz or tome of them big poet
fellers say, 'all's fair In love and war,'
and I'm blamed glad I done it"
to-day, who Fays I won't be a sergeant
to-murr^w? Say yes to me. tfarlir.jir, and
I'll go out to-rmrrow and bring In live
Kioua heads and win h captaincy."
"You'd better eo and sl-v,- en button^.
I'm loving- and shall mnrry a mnn whose
little flnser is worth f*.ur aucta men as
you. I was simply letting you make a
fool of . yourself."
"Then, be the powers, but I'll get such
a Jag on as o!d Fort RileyNiewr saw be
fore, and if murder follows you will be
to blame for It."
There .was another original thing about
Corporal O'Toole. he got drunk the same
as he fell in love-ail at otic?. It had
been three years since he bad h.td a jag
on In barracks, and he ranked with the
soberest: but h?re was h case needing
Immediate attention. Notb?UK •¦>it a jag,
and a big jag, would ease hia a"hln|
heart and bring complacent-y out of hu
mility. He get a pass and stood up to
the lar of a saloon outside the recerva«
tlon and Imb'bed Klass after, glass of man.
klll:r/j>fuid the time cam-e when he was
r^adv "for the. second act of the drama.
He ri'trrm-d to eiuarters Just as a scout
was be'r? pent out to glean news of the
Kiownr. The man's horse was hitched
In front of the colonel's quarters, where
the owner cms receiving Instructions, and
Crr:»«-r>»' O'Toole ran to the barracks for
h's» <-ar»-'ne and returned and vaulted Into
the rnridle with a whoop. Efforts were
r'nde to ptnn him. but he whooped again,
rr«le <l->wn the sentinel at the gate and
KTUi off In the darkness. H's jag would
have hern a XXX on foot, but mounted
on a p-^od horse with two revolvers In
thp holnters and a carbine In his hand
It was A1 an'! copper-fastened.
A strange thing was to happen. Fifty
Krnwn bucks under Red Bird had ad
vanced to w'thln a mile of the fort and
gone lnt'-> ambush on the Dog Creek road.
Their ndvnnce and their presence had not
been discovered, and the next morning
would sec a train of twenty wagons
start down that road without an escort.
Corporal O'Toole put himself entirely In
the hards of his Jag. It caused him to
take the road. It bade him whoop, yell
and cheer as he rode at a gallop. It
landed him in due time In the midst of
that ambush, and he was not sa drunk
but that ho could tell an Indian from a
pine tree. He hadn't set out to look for
redskins, but when he found a liberal
number on hand he went in for the frolic
of- his life. He rode up and down and
back and forth, j shooting:, shouting and
swearing and bringing mourning to dis
tant lodges, and It is a matter of record
that he got the band on the run and
chased the panic-stricken warriors for
two miles. Then he gave up to return and
count his dead, and there were seven
seven by his own count— by the squad
sent out to see what the racket was About
— seven by the colonel's report to head-
ROOP A of the Seventh
jvTv - TTST-"*» w T Cavalry u*«-.i to brag
jfl R3J TS\ yh of Its Corpora! O'Toole.
&4&1 ft^flr JJo Vilh UI ' i:i drill,
j&*4»-i H^T//* marksmanship, ath-
TJ^ia l^i«{'*-^ letics a "<l a!I questions
,rv»>w* ¦»".-* xr**. <.v|4 of discipline, and any
¦rj»—, . -t-iti^tztk: <ji £pu t e over pocial eti
quette was referred to him. He could
sing, play the fiddle, poetry and call
the figures of a dance, and though only
fourth corroral he was looked up to In
a way ns If he had b:rn colonel of the
regiment. Corporal O'Toole had loved.
He had loved before he left Ireland,
again almost as soon as he landed In Bos
ton, once more after striking; a job In
Chicago. He was in love when he entered
i lie army, and as a soldier he had loved
and lost half a dozen times over. After
bcir.g promoted to eorpcnU 1'e was com
manded to appear at the orderiy room,
and Kim Sergeant McGraw opened tiro
on him with:
"O'Toole. je are now an officer in the
army of the United States of Am«r|.i,
and it will be necessary for ye to quit
falling in and out of ioie so often. Under
stand, ye have a character to maintain,
and yc'n cither maintain It or off comes
yer stripes. Does It fo happen that ye
ere out of love at the present moment?"
"It docs, sergeant," replied the Don
Juan.
"Then stay and attend to ycr duties"
"I will, sir." * ¦
Three or four days later Susie Flnnegan
arrived. She was pretty and 23
years old when she returned from her
visit aod. An a matter of fact, had be
come engaged while away. This was
known to her parents, but went no fur
ther for a time. Corporal O'Toole might
or might not^have stuck' to his resolution
to fall in love no more but for Susie Fin
negan. She set out with malice afore
thought .to make an impression, and the
corporal waa Just seven minutes and a
half In tumbling over the edge of the
yawning abyss. Of all the loves he had
ever loved this was the real genuine arti
cle. The others had simply been mllk
nnd-wator affairs. The sergeant's cau
tion and the honor of the United States
army were thrown to the winds, and ln-
Flde of three days Corporal O'Tooie was
wjiispering in the girl'e ear:
"It's the O'Toole way and always has
been to fall In love at once or not at all,
and to speak words straight from the
shoulder. Susie' Finnegan, I'm dying to
call ye my own."
"But you are only a corporal, you
know." she protested.
"That's true, joy of me heart, but ai'h't
the Kiowa Indians on the warpath agin—
even coming in sight of the fort this
blessed day? While I'm only a corporal
Ever Eat a Kale Tree?
By Karle Owne Cummins.
A CANDLE INTERVENES
"Now, then vi-ill ye marry me, darllrg?"
ho enierlfd of Suste Flnnc-san next morn
ing as he walked Into the sergeant's
rcom with the Hght of victory in his eyes.
"Indeed. I will not," she pertly replied.
"It wasn't you, Corporai O'Toole, that
played the hero, but the Ing you had with
you, and I'm thinking there'll be a court
martial next week and future mall, will
be addressed to Private O'Toole again."
THE CORPORAL'S JAG
By Cyrus Bic&ersost.
strike out the enacting clause of this
proposed law." "I second the motion, '*
paid another. "Does the gentleman in
charge of the •bill yield for the purpose
of this motion?" paid the Speaker. The
pending orator turned to "little Jack
Watson" and inquired "What will b«s the
effect on the bin of this motion. Mr.
Watson, In case I yield?" "It will be the
making of the bill," said Jack, with em
phasis. "Certainly I yield." said the
orator. The motion was put and the
House enthusiastically voted to strike
cut the enacting clause, and when the
gentleman attempted to go on with his
ppeech he was called to order, for there
was nothing before the House. He
turneel to little Jack Watson for an ex
planation, but that gentleman lied to the
cloakroom.
Afterward the bill was re-reported. It
was very lengthy, and as soon as it was
read, one member after another arose
and moved to exempt nls county from the
operation of the law. Each motion pre
vailed, until there was left in the bill
only the county of the author of the bill
and the unrepresented county of San
Benito. Then some wag moved to ex
empt the county of the author. Against
his Indignant and wrathful protest tho
motion prevailed, and San Benito County
alone was blessed with a fence law
which, If It . had ever been enforced,
would have made It difficult for an in
dustrious sheep to get a living.
Among the Legislators was a gentle
man from San Jose, who had been edu
cated by his father, an old-fashioned
Methodist minister, In the pulpit style
of speaking with an ejaculatory "eh"
between sentences.
The Democrats of the Assembly, with
the eo-oprratlon and uneler the leader-
Fhip of Estee of Sacramento, who al
though a Republican was a negrophoblst,
were attempting to defeat the passage
of an act allowing colored men to testify
in courts of Justice. The gentleman from
San Jose was strenuously denouncing the
opponents of the bill. "\Vhy, Mr. Speak
er," said he, "there Is a negro. barber In
the town of San Jose eh. who is morally,
intellectually and physically superior to
two-thirds of the members of this House,
eh." At once there was an interruption
and a storm. The unfortunate orator
.was "haled" up to the bar of the House,
and It was voted that he be reprimanded
by the Speaker and be required to apolo
gize to the House for the obnoxious lan
guage. He listened to the reprimand in
grave silence and then offered his apolo
gy. "Mr. Speaker," said he, "I Intended
no disrespect to this House, and I apolo.
gize for the language used, but"-— here a
memory of his wrongs overcame him.
and the Methodist style of elocution was
resumed — "when I arise to speak, eh,
One of the reconstruction members of
Congress from Louisiana was a young
lawyer from Central Ohio, who entered
the service as a lieutenant and fought his
way to the brigadier's stars, when he
-vas mustered out He determined to lo
cate at Memphis, and on the day that his
sign first appeared on an office door a
stout gentleman rushed in and exclaimed:
"General, I am recommended to you. I
am in a fix. I have down at the levee
a steamboat-load of cotton which has
been tied up by the military authorities.
I have it contracted for at New Orleans,
to be loaded on a ship for Liverpool. If
I fail to get it there on time it will ruin
me. Minutes are dollars with me. They
tell me that you are a good lawyer, and
that the commanding general knows you
and will listen to you; I cannot get ac
cess to him. The cotton Is all straight.
Can't 'you come at once with me in a
hack to headquarters, and' I will explain
the trouble as we go?"
The general accepted the employment.
He found that the matter was really very
simple. The steamer-load of cotton had
become tangled in" red tape through the
innocent infraction of some bureau regu*
It was th« same Frank Dunne who,
when the Judge before whom he was
arguing the case asked the time of day.
replied: "I don't know, I haven't any
watch; and If your Honor continues to de
cide cases against me as you have been
doing this term so far, it Isn't likely that
I'll ever have any watch."
Frank Dunne was proceeding slowly
with a ponderous speech, when the Chief
Justice, after a moment's consultation
with his colleagues. Interrupted him.
"You need not discuss that point any
further, Mr. Dunne, the court Is with
you." "Then," drawled Duni\e, "I may
as well go home, for It is the only point
In the case."
The cause was submitted, and Dunne
went home. A few months later the de
cision came out. and, to Dunne's dismay,
the court, on more mature reflection, de
cided the appeal* against his client.
The next term Dunne had another case.
He stated his points and began his argu
ment, when a member of the court inter
rupted him and said: "These propositions
are elementary, Mr. Dunne; you need not
argue them, the court Is with you."
"No j you don't." replied Dunne. "You
told me that before, and when I went
home you decided the case against me.
Your Honors played me once; you can't
play me again. I'm going to argue the
case."
And be did, and won It.
On one occasion an advocate referred
many times during his argument to "a
constructive fence." "What Is a con
structive fence?" whispered Shatter to
Sanderson. "I judge from the argument,"
replied the latter, "that It Is a place
where there ought to be a fence."
(Copyright. 1903, by Thomas Fitch.)
**l ORACE HAWES win a member of
I A the Stale Senate of California f'ora
I I San Mateo County In ,1863. His suc
~ J cess in obtalrlng sufficient votes to
cecure his election was a mystery,
for, although a man of distinguished
ability and '.earning, he was "that con
irary," as an unadmirlng constituent rt
marked, "that rather than unlatch and
open a gate leading Into a garden he
would w^lk half a mile in the hot sun and
climb over a high stone wall crowned with
broken glass and barbeu wire." He had
the most caustic tongue In California,
and the Senator who crossed his path
earned the title accorded to him who
rushes in where angels fear to tread.
"What does my colleague supppse that' I
came here for?" asked another Senator in
the course of his speech. Up- rose old
Horace and in nasal accents that were in
part natural and in part affected, he in
terposed: "Does my colleague want an
answer to that question?" "Yes. Mr.
President," was the reply, "I want an
answer." "My understanding is," enuf
fled Horace, "that my colleague had two
objects in coming here. Two, Mr. Presi
dent—grand and petty larceny."
Senator Hawes was the author of an
elaborate and lengthy registration law.
While it was under discussion a Senator
from one of the mountain counties said,
"Mr. President, there is a mining camp on
the river bar, where my county joins two
other counties, and there is a voting pre
cinct there for each county. Now, I ask
the Senator from San Mateo, Is there
anything in his elaborate bill that would
prevent one cf my constituents from vot
ing in each pt the three countless?"
"Nothing whatever," replied Hawes. "I
thought so," rejoined the interrogating
Senator, "and such, being the case, what
is the use of this clumsy and bewildering
law?" "Because." rejoined Hawes, "while
there Is nothing in the bill Tb prevent the
misguided, unintelligent and law-defying
constituent of the Senator from casting
three votes, two of which would be Illegal,
yet If the Senator will closely consult the
punitive clauses of the bill he will find
that if his criminal constituent does vote
in each of the three counties he will, if
the law is enforced, be allotted from two
to twenty years In the penitentiary in
which to regret his action."
Hawes was authority on trusts and pro
bate law. and one of the sanest men in
California, but his will, in which he en
deavored to leave his property away from
his wife and daughter, and devote it to
the Monteagle University, which he pro
posed to found, was set aside by a verdict
of a Jury which found that the testator
was insane.
The wag of several Legislatures wsis
"little Jack Watson" of Los Angeies. One
session he occupied a seat next to a pieach
er from one of the ""cow" counties who was
fluent in speech, but unlearned in legis
lative ways. The bucolic Legislator had
reported a fence law, and was entitled
to the floor for a-*<peech. He unfolded
a huge roll of manuscript and adjusted
his spectacles. Whereupon a. gracelers
member of the San Francisco delegation
arose and said: "Mr. Speaker, I move to
Legislative
Reminiscence s
This Is tHe Eighth
of These
Clever Articles.
lations, and it might take a week or more
to untangle things unless the command-
Ing general, who alone had the power,
would Issue a special order allowing the
boat to go.
The advocate had been on the staff of
the commanding general and was a fa
vorite with him. There had been only a
technical violation of the regulations, and
in ten minutes the cotton speculator had
the order of release in his pocket and
both were In the hack on the way to the
levee.
• In the hack the client said. "Now, gen
eral, what is your bill?" "I paused," said
the general, "to consider what I ought
to charge. Back In Ohio I would prob
ably have taxed him $30: but I had been
successful, and as he said minutes were
dollars with him I thought mavbe he
would stand $500. But from habit I was
deliberate, and before I could reply he
had out a wallet stuffed with bills and
he counted out on my lap in succession
five bills, of the denomination of $1000
each. Then he paused and said. 'Will
that do?* What do you think I answered
him?" said' the general. "I rose to the
occasion and remarked, 'I guess you had
better put on another,' and he did."
Few men became multi-millionaires
without experiencing a change of heart.
Not such a change as is wrought at re
vival meetings, but rather a process of
ossification.
An Arizona client who had sold his
mine said to nv» despairingly: "I mu3t
either give up this money, leave the coun
try or change my circle of acquaintances."
It Is not really purse-pride that Impels
the new made rich man to "shake" his
old acquaintances. It is the instinct of
financial self-preservation, for when you
¦know that a warm greeting to- an old
friend will Inevitably result either In your
loaning him, or, rather, giving him the
sum he asks for, or else in the ill feeling
that will be engendered In his breast by
your refusal, you will be tempted to not
see htm when you pass him in the street.
The millions accumulated by Philip D.
Armour of Chicago and his younger
brother. Herman O. Armour of New York,
never lost a friend to either of them.
Philip endowed the Armour Institute and
it 1» hi* noblest monument. The monu
ment of Herman will be found in the hun
dreds of hearts that beat in gratitude for
his unheralded benefactions. He was the
soul of honor, the life of enterprise, tha
cheeriest, kindliest, dearest old boy that
ever delighted to devote his leisure mo
ments and his surplus funds to helping
lame dogs "over stiles."
The Armour brothers as merchants were
original, active and enterprising, and as
speculators they were daring, sagacious
and indomitable. "Talk about yoar great
pork corner," said Herman Armour: "w»
didn't corner pork. It was the other fel
lows who cornered themselves. We were
legitimate pork manufacturers. We
bought the hoe In the open market, cut
him ud and sold him to our 'customers.
We utilized every part of him. His meat
was salted and smoked: his hoofs ap
peared as glue, his bristles as brushes,
his stomach as pepsin, his blood as mate
rial for buttons, and of the rest of him
we made ammonia and fertilizers.
"Some Chicago * capitalist who had
money to burn ran the price of pork down,
and when it was so low that we could
buy It cheaper than we could make It
we bought it. and continued to buy It
until the speculators woke »•»> to the fact
that they had sold us for fi.iure delivery
not only a good deal more pork than they
hdd but than they could even make if
they could purchase and slaughter every
hog. between Canada and Mexico. Well,
we were the only dealers who had actual
pork to sell. We continued to Fell it
right along to our customers at $12 per
barrel, but the price to the speculators
who had tried to bankrupt us was $20
per barrel. They had sold it to us at $7
per barrel, and we sold it back to them
at $37 per barrel: but there was no cor
ner about It so far as we were concerned."
gentlemen laugh at me, eh, and then In
terrupt me, eh, and they deride me, eh,
and In my anger, when I am In possession
of a fact of this kind, I am apt to let
It slip, eh."
A proposition was made to purchase
several hundred copies of "Wood's Digest
for the use of 'members of the Legislature
and State officers. "Before I vote on this
measure," said a Senator ! from a far
northern' county, "I would like to know
whether Wood's Digest comes In bottles
or boxes." .
' Stephen J. Field was then Chief Justice
of the Supreme Court of California, and
later Oscar L. Shatter 1 , who was a great
lawyer and a brilliant conversationalist,
and Silas \V. Sanderson, a man of .alert
perceptions and quick wit, were added to
the appellate -bench. The court never lost
its dignity, but it was mindful of Lord
Coke's saying that "The bench was grate
ful to the barrister who occasionally re
lieved the tedium of judicial proceedings
with a little honest hilarity."
RECOLLECTIONS AND REFLECT
IONS OF THOMAS FITCH
THE SUNDAY CALL.
14THE SUNDAY CALL.
15C m TJ HESE are"* the names of the
1 lixty lucky children who won
I prizes in the puzzle contest—
the Names of the Longest
Elvers in the World— published in
The Sunday Call of October 25:
Flore* Pattoe, Campo Seco; Laura
Boe, Boas Sation; Jack Neall, 602
29ast Twenty-first street, Oakland;
HUdred Okell, 1075 Union street, San
Francisco; Mabel Graham, Elmhurst;
Mildred Claybourne, 989 Howard
street, San Francisco; Buth Creilin,
Pleasanton; Elmo Plnkerton, 2037
So ward street, San Francisco;
Charles Martin, 735 Laurel avenue,
Bon Francisco; Eddie Fonteneau,
Stockton; Marguerite Ungenfelser,
122 Erie street, Son Francisco; Balph
Hencke, 1108 Vallejo street, San
Francisco; George Barry, Angelsj
Madon Kerr, 16 Capp street, Oakland;
Viola Upton, 927 Wood street, Oak
land; Bay Lovett, Palo Alto; Frank
Xelly, Vallejo; Kenneth Hawley,
CentervUle; Lily Shannon, 510 Clay
ton street, San Francisco; J. Ech
baum, 714 Cole street, San Francis
co; Elaine Standish, 1275 Waller
street, San Francisco; Juanita Water
man, 1117 Devisadero street, San
Francisco; Cadlia Blel, San Jose;
Dorothy Beck, Woodland; Dorothy
Laws, 1735 Green street, San Fran
cisco; Genevleve Boardman, Box 47,
Nevada; Buth Davis, 2014 Van Necs
avenue, San Francisco; Jack Gibson,
Menlo Park; A. Bidenhour, Hilton;
May Bogers, 1004 Van Ness avenue,
San Francisco; Blanche Penny cock,
922 Florida street, San Francisco; W.
A. Wiendenbeck, Bakersneld; Vivian
Tyler, 3751 Army street, San Fran
cisco; Buth Wiles, Tulare; H. Hood,
Fruit vale; Adele Badarous, 104
Baker street, San Francisco; Lillian
Butner, Hopland; J. B. Frazier, Goat
Island, CaL; Clarence Potter, 1009
Vallejo street, San Francisco; Agnes
Hard-crick, 670 Twenty-fifth street,
Oakland; Ethel Osborne, 923 O'Far
xell street, San Francisco; Efne
Squire, 1281 Waller street, San Fran
cisco; Harold Henry, Livermore; Ber
nice Ryan, Bedding; Kathryn Met
calf, 2319 Central avenue, San Fran
cisco; Sethell HnTiTia, San Jose; Helen
Lawrence, Golden {rate; Lloyd Evans,
1635 Page street, San Francisco;
George Morgan, Virginia City, Ne
vada; E. L Horton, 478 Edward
street, Oakland; Percy Dunlap, Stock
ton; Violet Everson, 319 Vallejo
street, San Francisco; A. Huber, 1308
Polk street, San Francisco; Bertha
Knell, 15 Willow avenue, San Fran
cisco; Howard Hoyt, Berkeley; Irving
Martin, Stockton; Budolph Trautner,
2540 McAllister street, San Francis
co; Gene vie ve McEvoy, Menlo Park;
Carroll Wentz, Gilroy; Ward Grant,
San Bafael.
THESE ARE
THE SIXTY
PRIZE
WINNERS
OF OCT. 25.
. . - I .
THE SUNDAY CALL.
THESE PICTURES REPRESENT THE NAMES OF NINE GAMES
AT HOME - NAME THEM AND A PRIZE.
s~y H3XDREN, have you noticed the pictures on the new books that yon have been getting stooe tiu
( / last new list of prizes was published two weeks ago? Ah, yon hare. Well, aren't they perfectly
VL/ beautiful? Yes, they are the New Landscape Series, a special edition, designed particularly for a
Christmas book, and every picture is a work of art in itself. And best of all, every book has a dif
ferent cover— some are winter scenes, some are summer landscapes — some show a bit of old Hol
land quaintness, others reveal glimpses of famous places the" world over.. These new prizes are indeed
a distinct novelty, something that you will find the most expensive article in the way of books for chil
dren when you" come to make your Christmas gifts this year. Nothing was said about it before, because
the' Puzzle Editor wanted each of the prize winners to see the surprise for themselves first. But what
. Is really the most interesting feature of all these new books is that they make the most beautiful col
lection, when taken as a whole series. They are worth winning more than one prize. So now is your
chance. . •
So remember this: Tou will all have a chance not only to win a prize, but to get your picture
published as well. The Puzzle Editor wants all prize winners from now on to send in their pictures — the
whole sixty every week if possible. Begin right now. Don't wait. The more the merrier. There can't
be too many.' But remember only the prize winners can have their pictures published.
Each of the Nine pictures in this, the eleventh contest of the FIFTH SERIES of Name Puzzles,
represents* a game at home. Can you guess ? Ah! There is . rich reward for you if you
can. Now is your chance. Bemember there will be a SPECIAL $5 and S1O prize for the highest percent
age of the whole thirteen weeks of the Fifth Series.
And now listen carefully: THEBE ABE SIXTY PBIZES, and this !s what you must do to win
one of them:
Find the name of nine games at home represented by the Small Puzzle Pictures on
this page, and write them out in full in the space opposite the proper corresponding number provided
for the purpose in the coupon on this page, as per directions; fill in the coupon with your name and ad
dress and the prize you desire— if you win— and send the picture, with the coupon attached, to the. EDI.
TOB OF THE NAME PUZZLE PAGE, Sunday Call, San Francisco, CaL
BEMEMBEB— ¦ To the FIRST SIXTY BOYS AND OIBLS who solve the Nine Name Puzzles cor
rectly, one of these SIXTY BEAUTIFUL PBIZES will be awarded.
':, And don't forget this next point, because it is very important: ALL ANSWEBS MUST BEACH
THIS OFFICE BY FBIDAY NOON. This gives all those in the -country an equal chance to compete.
Scad everything on this page, to be sure that you overlook nothing that will help you to win a prize.
• THE NAMES OF THE LUCKY WINNEBS WILL BE PUBLISHED IN THE SUNDAY CALL
•TWO WEEKS FROM TO-DAY, November 22. ' JC V
These are the TWENTY BEAUTIFUL BOOKS from which yon may select if you solve all the
puzzles correctly: A Wonder Book, by Hawthorne; Evangeline, by Longfellow; The Fairy Land of
Science, by "Buckley; Greek Heroes, by KIngsley; Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, by Carroll; Old
Christmas, by Irving; The. Water Babies, by Kingsley; A Child's Garden of Verses, by Stevenson; Jes
sica's First Prayer, by Stretton; Christie's Old Organ, by" Walton; The Sketch Book, by Irving; Kava
nagh, by Longfellow; Cranford, by Gaskell;The Pilgrim's Progress, by Bunyan; 'j-'he Cricket on the
Hearth, by Dickens; The Tales from Shakespeare, by Lamb; Treasure Island, by Stevenson; Adventures
•f a Brownie, by Unlock; Laddie and Miss Toosey's Mission and The Magio Nuts by Molesworth.
OB JL BOX OF BUPEBFINH FBJSNC3 PAINTS. . ,
16
OUR NAME PUZZLES
Solve the Puzzles,
Fill Out the Coupon * S
'and Send It to
'¦.'¦¦»
the Fuzzle Editor,-
Eiinday ; Calli :£>.*?
RaTi -Francisco: '
Below in their proper num-
bers please find my solution of
the names of Nine Games at
Home represented in this
week's Name Puzzles.
i
1 ~*«
8 iiiiiiiiiii i Y"i ¦* « ¦ i ¦— ttu
_ - ¦ "\
T Mjt»»»»*!M^I ¦>»»»»« M»
• —
November 8, 1903.
Same
Street or P. O. ................
aty » ....,.........»..«-
State .»».*».<o... .....«»»»«•»••
If I win Z rtioow for yjixa
K«K«« • • ¦ «^»«»"if^^r« WffptrJW>>
OBM U»t of TltllMlAMERICA TO PROTECT NEW
REPUBLIC, GUARD ISTHMUS
AND BUILD FORTIFIED CANAL
Continued on PagV 19, f Column \2;
On \ Trail of Anarchists.
:,; BAR/JELQ NAl ' Nov.:7.— Further arrests
of 'anarchists/and:"* seizures Vof "materials
for I the manufacture i of., cartridges r have
occurred here.". Several Barcelona anarch
ists > have'; disappeared,", arid Ithe 'police ; be
lieve ¦ they are ; on the track . of - an exten
sive'plot'V '
v "< LONDON, Nov. 7.— In' memory of ."Tho
Best of : Mothers-in-law" , is.Queem Alex
andra's tribute to the late Queen Victoria,
Inscribed ' on / the " national mausoleum.
The memorial Is a beautiful statue of the
Savior, seventeen i feet- high, -; sculptored
and'sent' from Denmark at the expense of
Queen- Alexandra. ..
Tribute to Queen Victoria.
SAN DIEGO, Nov. ¦¦7.— Cyprian Clay, a
nephew/of Henry Clay, the statesman,
died at his residence, Twenty-fifth and I
streets, to-day after a long illness. . He
was 90 years of age and a' native of Louis
iana. In; early -life he" waa a. printer by
trade. He came to San Diego sixteen
years ago from. Dallas. Tex._ During the
last ten years Mr., Clay's infirmities had
been so great; that. he i had been' dependent
upon the benefit of friends for; support."
The ; funeral service ; will take place from
the Adventist" church, to-morrow.
Aged Relative of the Designer of the
Missouri Compromise Passes
, Away.
HENRY CLAY'S NEPHEW '
'-"' : ..-.':- DIES IN SAN "DIEGO
Bands Play- American Anthem and
Populace Parades. : a^ ;
PANAMA CITY REJOICES.
PANAMA, Nov. 7.-r-The .. news of the
recognition - of the; independence of i tha
republic of Panama, cabled this morning
Senator Teller of Colorado said: 9^
"It looks to me as though , our Govern
ment" Is responsible for the condition of
affairs at Panama. We evidently ' have^
undertaken to force the "construction, of
the canal, even at the cost of going, to
war with Colombia. It- Is a very remark
able situation at Panama, and the estab
lishment of the new government. at Pan
ama and our hasty recognition of its in
dependence come so, unexpectedly that
those of us who are not behind the ad
ministration screens are obliged to await
further development before we dare com
ment upon the situation. I may have
something to Bay . on the subject, in the
Senate when I am better Informed than 'I
am now."
TELLER WANTS THE FACTS.
"The canal treaty if ratified would have
brought much to the isthmians, but,when
Colombia, evidently losing sight "entirely
of its great value, rejected It unanimous
ly, the people of the Isthmus were quick
to see their chance. Realizing that Con
gress was about* to meet in the United
States and the administration was sorely
tried by the rejection of the treaty, they
revolted. To protect the treaty rights and
obligations of the United States the Presi
dent could do nothing less than, take vig
orous stepa to prevent a recurrence of
warfare on the isthmus!"
President Discusses the Reciprocity,
Plans With Senators.
•WH.1TJ5 HOUSE CONFERENCE.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 7.— A conference
to review the work to be done at the ex
tra session of Congress and to discuss
matters of legislation during the regular
session was held at the WWte Houso to
day between President Roosevelt and
Senators Allison. Aldrich, Cjxllom, Platt
(of Connecticut), Hale and Spooner.
Cuban reciprocity legislation was dis
cussed for some time and the possible dif
ferences between the Senate' and the
House considered. All agreed that it
would not be wise to have a contest with
the House as to the form of legislation
and that an understanding should be
reached.
Members of the House agree that the
bill will contain articles 1 and 2 of the re
ciprocity treaty, the first referring to the
free list and the second to the 3) per
cent reduction on certain grains deported
from Cuba. The bill also will enact the
provisions of article 8, which provides
that there shall be no further reduction
of duty on sugar from Cuba or from any
other country during the life of the
treaty, which Is five years. Some mem
bers of the House desire to change one
provision In this article, in order to assert
the prerogative of the House as to rev
enue legislation.
The amended portion of the section pro
vided that" sugar should not be admitted
at a lower rate of duty than the law of
1S37, **by treaty or convention." The mem
bers of the House wish to make that pro
vision read "law." as they do not intend,
even by a slight implication, to admit
that, anything relating to . the tariff can
be done by treaty, or convention, but that
the House must originate the measure.
' .- It 13 evident from the opinions express
ed by Senators , at the White House to
day, that they will avoid any contention
with the House' on any point of this kind.
The Senate . therefore wltl be inclined to
accept any measure the House may pass
that will put the treaty into effect and
will indorse the eighth, article, regarding
non-interference with the sugar duty dur
ing the life of the treaty. Of course, it
is understood that one Congress cannot
bind the next, but it is claimed by those
who do not want the sugar schedule dis
turbed that the good faith of both houses
wUI.be pledged to the treaty provision
and that a change, therefore. Is wnUkely.
It ' Is , probable that the President wili
transmit ,V> the Senate the text of the
Cuban reciprocity treaty with his mes
sage on that subject on Tuesday. This
course would obviate the necessity of *
vote on ,. the . question of makins certaiu
treaty amendments public.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ENVER, Nov. 7.— A special to
B ¦' the ReDublican * r om Trinidad
E fj says the, strike in the Southern
<n\ W Colorado ' coal fields, which has
• - : ¦ -¦ been 'ordered for next Monday,
practically began to-day, -and not less
than 2000 men are out to-night in Las Ani
mas County. How many more will join
the ranks -of the strikers by Monday
morning can only be guessed at, but It Is
believed all of the Italians in the district
will' be Included. The Mexicans and Japa
nese are said to be unwilling to walk out,
and many of .the Austrlans desire to re
main at -work. , -.: :": ¦¦ ."iV.".^
'At- Prlmero. . the largest of the camps
cf the Colorado Fuel and Iron Company,
200" miners went out this morning. ~ At
Bowen the mines, of ,the Union Coal and
Coke Company closed, throwing 33) men
out. Delagua is expected to be the storm
center, ""as -at least 2003 Italians are em
ployed at that point by the Victor Fuel
Company.
Although Hastings is an " Incorporated
town. It is now surrounded by armed
guards >ald to be in- the employ of the
Victor Fuel Company, who permit no. one
to enter the town unless the officials of
tbe town 1 consent. .Miners who are sus
pected of an intention to strike are said
to have been notified to vacate the com
pany's- houses by to-morrow. Sheriff
Clark of La*3 Animas County has been
swearing In deputies all day and has sent
a large number to. Hastings.
. The union ofHcials. have procured trans
portation for about 3000 men to other
fields, and^ already many of them have
left for the East; The union leaders are
renting every available building In the
district for "the i.use~of families which will
be evicted from company houses. Every
thing so"far has been quiet in all parts
x>f the district.
Orders*'have been issued by Adjutant
General B*H to every organization of the
Colorado National Guard not now in Crip
ple Creek to be In readiness to take the
field. It had been planned to reopen the
mines at Tellurlde next Monday under
military protection, , but in view, of the
impending strike of coal miners the Tel
(uride mine managers ..decided to defer
action. It is presumed the troops are to
be held in -readiness to proceed to coal
camps .where miners will go on strike
next Monday. -
PUEBLO. Colo., . Nov. 7.— The mines
owned by \ the Colorado Fuel and Iron
Company in Fremont County are closed
to-night as: the result of an order given
fcyJ local "officials of the company this
morning to the effect- that all tools be
longing, to the miners must be out of the
mines by noon or be locked In indefinitely.
The" mines at Rockvale; Brookside and
Fremont.and the Magnet properties atv
deserted.' - '
Morgan Williams, manager". of the.Wil
liams-mines, has announced that he will
sign the scale demanded by the mlners'at
7; o'clock -on Monday morning. These
mines ;so far as known will bn the only
ones operated. It Is conceded that the
eloslngi'ofj the. Colorado; Fuel and Iron
Company's mines * is in • anticipation of a
strike ,' throughout the > entire ; district on
Monday, which now appears Inevitable.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
-- — EW YORK, Nov. 7.— From the
/» /. little room in Maennerchor
/%/ Hall, where "Sam" Parks has
A w planned and directed many
.campaigns, letters were sent j
to-day to Ironworkers" unions in every
city of the ' United States and Canada,
asking the' men to. join in a general
strike in sympathy -with Parks' old New j
York union in its flght against the Iron
League and the Building Trades* Em
ployers* Association. Frank Buchanan
of Chicago^ president "of" the " Interna- -'
tional Association of ".Structural Iron
Workers, directed all movements. He
appointed -five -members of the old
Housesmiths' Union'a strike committee,
opened "strike headquarters In Maenner
chor Hall and directed that every job in'
New York where ironworkers are' em
ployed should be struck. Several' huri
dred men. most of them members of
Parks' union, left- work and it is said
that a" much larger, number will Quit
Monday. Within four .days representa
tions are . expected from unions in . out
jside cities, stating whether or not they
will join in the strike.' That Is the men's
Ride of the story .as given by Buchanan
and others to-day. • % -
The employers, members of" the Iron
League and those in .the Employers' As-'
8ociatlon, say tbe strike talk is 'a, bluff;
that It will have no effect outside of
New York City, and very ';* little I here.
Nevertheless., the. men-quit'.work^onsev
eraljobs during the day, but in each
case, I so far ¦ as could \ be learned.' they
were members of Parks' .union,' who had
been taken into the: new Housesmiths'-
Union : organized by employers several '"
months ago. ,v . , ¦- ' .
. Divested of many unimportant details,
the cause of the strike -la this:' ., When
nearly all of the unions in the,i skilled
trades- hail signed the employers' arbi
tration agreement, the Housesmiths' and
Brldgemen's Union. Local No. ;2. under
the leadership of ' Parks, continued to
stand out against the employers." Mean
while the ; employers had organized a
new Housesmiths' Union, under the-ar
bitration plan, and: engaged all the men
they.wanted. When. it. became apparent
that -Parks had * lost his influence as a
Ifader about 600 members of his 'union
deserted the old ¦ organization and joined
the new- one.;, ,-, .- -¦¦
When tit became : certain ' that Parks
must ; go ; to prison his old union, through
Buchanan and the international execu
tive •; committee, made £ overtures ; to" the
Iron League and Employers' Association
to i be - taken - in under ; ¦ the *"-" : arbitration
plan. ; A t . a conference last * Friday ; every
thing was agreed to except the final -dis
position -of -the two unions.- : Buchanan
wanted the 'Parks'- union \ to preserve its
autonomy; by .- practically absorbing: the
new union,' : and t the '; employers-; insisted
that i the ? new • union:, must * stand ' and ' the
Parks -union must-become part of it- The
employers ha id the ;new men had assist
ed them: in; time of need.* when the Parks
;meni,were leading .the: bitter, fight, and
that now the employers: would stand by
the men who had stood by them.
.On this; point? no, agreement could be
reached : and the ' national ; strike : was or
dered.^^g^BBHHnMHHHBBBMHHBSnB
SENATOR CTJLLOM'S VIEWS.
Senators Aldrlch, O. H. Platt of Con
necticut, Spooner, Hale and Cullom were
called to the White House by the Presi
dent this- morning. He discussed the
whole Panama situation with them at
great length, and although among these
Senators there were some who were at
first disposed to regard ' the administra
tion's action as hasty, they all left satis
fled that the President had taken. the
right course and should be firmly-sup
ported.
Senator Cullom, chairman of the Com
mittee on Foreign Relations, said to
night:
"The administration is playing no grab
game in Panama, that is certain. Neither
i«* Congress. What part* Congress will
take in the recognition of the new gov
ernment I. cannot say. The question ! may
be brought before It. I see Senator Mor
gan proposes to bring it up. ; The course
of the 'President in- recognizing- the 'new
government is supported by. ample prece
dent. Colombia rejected the > Hay-Herran
treaty, almost with contempt The people
of Panama have long suffered neglect a/
thf hands of the Colombian Government,
which taxed them but gave them little.
republic of Panama, practically all Re
publicans of the Senate' and House are
squarely aligned behind President Roose
velt. His bold policy will be firmly up
held by this majority, which, it 13 ex
pected, will be augmented by many
Democrats in both branches of Congress.
There is general sympathy 'In Congress
for the isthmians who have fared so
badly at the hands of the Colombian
Government, and the advices which have
come to the State Department are taken
ex full assurances that the new-govern
ment, when finally organized, will be
stable and conservative and. friendly to
the United States.
Although the President- believes the
Spooner canal act "runs with the land"
and that he is, therefore, empowered ".to
go ahead with the government of Pana
ma, as he is directed by that act to do
with the government of Colombia, it will
be necessary to pass a . new \.blll appro
priating money to , be paid for thei canal
etrlp and to the Panama Canal Company.
It Is expected the United States will open
negotiations for a carnal ' treaty ..with
Panama' as soon as that government " Is
permanently organized. That the Presi
dent will lay the whole situation in
Panama before Congress by transmission
to the Senate of a new canal treaty
drawn onjsimilar lines to the Hay-Herran
treaty, but giving the United States even
greater concessions, is believed - to be
certain.
In support of- the . administrations
count cf action in recognizing the new
ALL SUPPORT PRESIDENT.
That the Isthmus will never again be
m-ithout an American military or naval
force is altogether probable. The admin
istration expects that the effort to con
struct the canal will be successful. Each
.terminal will be made an American coal
ing station, strongly fortified so that it
will command the waterway as com
pletely as England at Gibraltar com
mands the entrance to the Mediterranean.
The warships that will participate In,
affairs at the isthmus are: The Atlanta,
Dixie and Nashville, at Colon; the Bos
ton, Wyoming. Concord and Marblehead,
en route to Panama; the Maine, en
roote to Colon; the Mayflower and the
Olympia. whirh, when repairs on her
at Norfolk are completed, will go to
Colon to become Rear Admiral Coghlan's
flagship.
Three hundred end fifty marine*, com
manded by Major Lucas, will embark on
xhf cruiser Prairie at the League Island
i Navy Yard. Philadelphia, on Tuesday.
''Lound for Guantanamo. Cuba, "but they
will be available for duty on the isthmus
if rr quired.
CA2TAL TO BE FORTIFIED.
CALL BUREAU. HOC G STREET,
N. W., WASHINGTON. Nov. 7.—
It can be stated on the highest
authority that If Colombia en
deavors .to send troops to the
Isthmus by sea they will . be - prevented
landing by the American naval force.
The roads to the Isthmus from the In
terior of. Colombia are so bad that it Is
regarded as the work of months to tra
verse the distance.
The administration is resolved to keep
isthmian transit open. It was announced
to-day that the battleship Maine._now en
route from Newport to Hampton"" Roads,
would go at once to Colon. The May
flower, carrying Rear Admiral Coghlan
and Consul Gudger. who to-day received
verbal Instructions from the , President
and who mill be ranking consular officer
la Panama, will leave Washington for
Colon at 9 o'clock to-morrow, morning.
This makes ten chips already en route or
ordered to the Isthmus.
At the Navy Department it is said that
the marines are capable of coring with
the situation, either temporarily or during
long occupation. The postponement until
December 15 of the departure from New
York for the Philippines of the army
transport Kilpatrick, ostensibly for re
pairs when she really needs " no repairs,
is significant. She will thus be available
to carry regiments to the isthmus If nec
essary.
Treaty Negotiations With Panama
Will Begin Immediately.
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
DIPLOMATIC REPRESENTATIVE ACCREDITED TO WASHINGTON BT
THE REPUBLIC OF PANAMA. AND BATTLESHIP WHICH HAS
BEEN ORDERED TO SPEED TO ISTHMIAN WATERS.
Iron Workers Slow
to Heed Call of
Leaders.
Western Miners Be
gin Battle With
Operators.
COLORADO: MILITIA COMMANDER WHO WILLr SEND TROOPS TO
STRIKE DISTRICT, AND. LABOR READER WHO .CALLS UPON ALL
. I RON WORKERS TO JOIN ' IN SYMPATHETIC 'WALKOUT.
will await the first steamer
sailing for Cartagena or Sa
vahilla. The republic of
Panama will garrison Colon
and several other points
soon.
COLON, Nov. 7.— The
United States gunboat
Nashville is doing pa
trol duty in the vicinity of
Puerto Bella, and the cruiser
Atlanta is under orders to
patrol in the other direction,
and doubtless will go to Bo
cas del Toro.lt is important
that that port shall be in the
hands of the * republic of
Panama, as othenvisc the
Co I omb i an Government
could swarm it zcith troops
and be a constant menace to
the nezv republic.
The public manifestations
°f j°y continue throughput
the length and breadth of
the isthmus. It is not forced,
but a real expression of joy
that the people are once and
forci'cr delivered from their
oppressors.
' Generals Tovar and; Am
aya, with their, full staffs
and a number, of other pris
oners, arrived here early this
evening and were taken to
the calaboose, ¦ where thev
"Pam, during Dresser's absence in Eu
rope, contrary to his express agreement,
caused drafts to be made on this money
in the Trust Company of ¦ the Republic
for the current uses of, the shipbuilding
company, and Dresser, on his return, pro
tested. Pam toid Dresser that he intend
ed to draw again that day 5200,000 against
that account. Dresser told him be had
no right to do it. Pam asksd Dresser if
he appreciated what it meant if he should
do it and If the trust company refused to
honor the check the next morning when
it came through the . clearing-house.
Dresser answered that It meant that the
Tru3t Company -of ' the Republic wa3 in
solvent. Pam said that was exactly the
condition and he proposed to do it, and 'he
did it, and finally," before the. end of Jan
uary, he had drawn every dollar of the
$l.&0O,C(K> out of the, Trust Company of the
Republic which had been put in there on
his representations that the money. would
not be drawn out.". ~ ¦ *
ALLEGED PERFIDY OF PAM.
"The trust company had also assur
ances of. Pam and of Harris, Gates & Co.
that^if their stocks and bonds were list
ed on the Stock Exchange, as Pam said
they would be if this money were paid
in, Harris, Gates & Co. would market
these securities within six weeks. As a
matter ~of fact, Pam. after he had ob
tained this capital and it was paid in to
the shipbuilding company,' did not carry
out hi» agreement to list the stock on the
Stock Exchange until December" 24. In
stead of : a't once,, as, he promised, and
Harris, Gates & Co. could not make' an
effort to market. the stocks as they had
agreed, and they never have marketed
the stocks. '
Dresser's; friend '.repeated the'statement
that , Dresse»- w^s^induced to,conscut to
the traJrisactioTf &il}* on^Mex Paro'lT prom
ise ¦ that theL;moriey sbo'ulcj •*»<& be^dxpend
ed and on \ Pain's • represeiitatlbii that' the
separate "concerns had money which,' they
needed.l while the , Bethlehem " company
had $4,000,000 of- cash capital. It was un
derstood also- that when the stock was
listed, and' marketed : they flrs*t received
should be, turned over to'the trust com
pany. ' The statement of Dresser's friend
continues: ;" -'*'.-
NEW YORK, Nov. 7.— Explanations
came from both sides of the shipyard con
troversy to-day. The talk about the pos
sibility of criminal actions following the
present civil hearing agitates, the prin
cipals. Sensational terminations of the
several phases of the litigation are now
looked for. It is even hinted to-night
that the, whole affair might be brought to
a sudden close within a ] few days,
through Grand Jury action. Charles M.
Schwab' and Max Pam have been waiting
to be called. to the witness chair, , but
counsel for the complainants have kept
them in suspense, in daily attendance un
der subpenas, while more and more dis
closures were wrung from D. Le Roy
Dresser and Lewi3 Nixon.
A close friend of - D. Le Roy Dresser
threw some further -light to-day on the
transaction by which the- $1,500,000 work
ing capital of the United * States Ship-,
building ' Company was raised from the
Trust, Company of the Republic, through
Harris, Gates. & Co.- and other houses. ~
" PLEDGES / AHE; BROKEN.
Special Dispatch l^o The Call.
Tayler has no figures bearing on th»
strength of the "insurgents" In the
House or Senate, but from another au
thoritative source it was learned to-night
that there are still thirty-nine Republi
cans in the House opposed as strongly
now as in the Fifty-seventh Congress to
Cuban reciprocity. The success or fail
ure of the measure for which the Presi
dent has called Congress In extraordinary
session now depends on the combination
which these Republicans may be able
to make with members of the minority.
•The American Protective League."
said Tayler to-night, "is as strongly ojh
posed now to the granting of Cuban reci
procity as it was in the memorable flght
of the first session of the Fifty-seventh
Congress. The principle is the same now
as It was then and our effort Is to pre
vent any breaking of the great principle
of protection on which the industries and
the prosperity of this country are
founded. The league contends that reci
procity by any treaty Is a denial of pro
tection, just as much as a bill for the
reduction of the tariff would be." Tay
ler came direct from New York, where
he had been In consultation with officers
of the Tariff League. He was a prom
inent opponent of the bill in the last Ccn
gresa and shared the Insurgent leader
ship with Representatives Tawney. LJt
tlefleld and William Alden Smith. Of
these leaders now In Congress, Repre
sentative Tawney has returned ready t»
continue the flght and will take com
mand of the Republican opponents of the
bill. IJttlefleld Is expected to Join with
him on constitutional grounds.
CALL. BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.W.,
WASHINGTON, Not. 7.— Former Repre
sentative Robert W. Tayler of Ohio ar
rived in "Washington to-night to lead the
American Protective Tariff League fight
against Cuban reciprocity. There Is no
longer any attempt to conceal the fact
that the contest is now on between the
administration and the Tariff League.
Tayler said to-night that he represented
the league In Jhis matter and was here
to use his Influence to prevent, if pos
sible, the passage of a bill making the
Cuban treaty effective. He distinctly
said that this was no contest against the
President, but against the principle of
Invading the protective policy of the Re
publican party.
Special Dispatch to Tfa» ; CaXL
Friend of Dresser Makes
Startling .; Revelations
Involving Pam.
Many Republicans in Eonse
Remain Steadfast to Pro
tection's Cause.
Civil Hearing May Give
Way to Criminal
Prosecutions.
Cuban Treaty Will En
counter Bitter Op
position. J
Denouement Near
in Shipyard
Scandal.
Tariff League Is
Ready for the
Conflict
RECIPROCITY
TO BE FOUGHT
TO A FINISH
FINANCIERS
FEAR GRAND
JURY ACTION
TOILING THOUSANDS
MADE IDLE THROUGH
TWO GREAT STRIKES
THE TSSATSM3.
Alcazar— "Too Stack JoJutsoa."
Alhambra — £U«ry'» Boyal Ital
lu Seal
California- — Berrmaaa the Oreat.
Central — "At Valley Forffe."
Columbia — "Thm Storks."
Fischer'! — "Bube« and Ko«m.'*
Orpheuin — VauaeTille.
Ti« Clmte« — Vaudavillo.
Tlvoll — Grand Opera.
.*y<J T3TE WSATXEX.
\
\ "Tcrecart\mafl« at San Praa
cisco' tor thirty houn eadlar
nUnifffct," IToveiaber 8:
S» Francisco aad vicinity—
¦Talr Sunday, beoox&lajr cloufiy at
nigfet; rresh westerly wind*.
a. a. atcAjjis,
Tcreoast Official.
VOLUME XCIV-NO. 161.
PRICE FIVE CENTS,
FOKTY-FOUIi PAGES— SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY. NOVEMBER 8. 1903— PAGES 17 TO 2S.
The San Francisco CallGeneral Kobbe Reports on Situation
in the Dakotas.
INDIANS NOT WARLIKE.
Judgment the Indian prisoners at Newcastle
should be released. The statements as to who
fired the first shot are conflicting. This in
formation is from Agent Brennan. There is no
way of hearing the other side here.
Agent Brennan just returned from Newcastle,
Wyo., where he ¦ made a full Investigation of
the tight between Indians and : the Sheriff's
posse. He reports that Sheriff ¦" Williams of
Newcastle and deputy sheriff killed by In
dians;, live Indians killed, about five wounded,
one being a woman. ' Ten bucks held in direst
at Newcastle, wounded at Lusk. Rest of party
en route to reservation. Twenty-one bucka and
their families given passes about October 2 for
twenty days. Sheriff went to arrest them for
violation of . State game laws. He served a
warrant t on ¦. Charles Smith, who was a Car
lisle graduate and in charge of an Indian party
and also considered a first-class man on reser
vation. 6mlth declined to surrender. ' He said
he Vould go back to the ; agency, and started
back, but was ! waylaid or intercepted ; by the
Sheriffs party next day while: heading for the
reservation. There is some excitement in New
castle- and thereabouts, but the Indians are
quiet. ¦ No trouble is possible from the Indians
on their reservations. _ It ; was mostly the Sher
iff's, fault. ,• Good Judgment on Ms part would
have avoided trouble. ,Only one fight- occurred,
newspapers reports -being exaggerated. In* my
'The order directing the agent's attend
ance is at the request of the United
States District' Attorney for Wyoming,
who says he also will be present.'- Mr.
Brennan reports that everything Is quiet
at the Pine Ridge Agency and that nearly
all the chiefs and heaa men of the In
dians there are satisfied to let j the law
take Its course. Major Reeves' report fol
lows: : ¦' ¦¦¦.'•". ' . " -
WASHINGTON, Nov. 7.— In response to
the request of the department for a re
port regarding the recent Indian troubles
In Wyoming, General Kobbe, command-
Ing the Department of Dakota, to-day for
warded a dispatch from Major B. H.
Cheever, Sixth Cavalry, at Pine Ridge,
in which he says the trouble waa mostly
tho Sheriff's fault, and that the Indian
prisoners at Newcastle should be released.
He says It Is believed that the Sheriff's
party fired the first shot, and statements
are conflicting. The War Department
states the situation does not require the
service of troops. Indian Agent Brennan
telegraphed to-day that the preliminary
hearing of the arrested Indians have been
set for November 12 at Douglass, Wyo.
Brennan has been directed to attend with
an- Interpreter.
New Version of Recent
Indian Trouble in
Wyommg.
REPORTS DO NOT
FAVOR SHERIFF
Revelers Destroy Property.
NAPA, Nov. 7.— Next Hallowe'en will
see the appointment* of special police In
every community in Napa County to pro
tect property-owners against marauding
parties. In Napa and St. Helena most
disgraceful , pranks were perpetrated this
year and much damage to property was
done.- :¦-/. .-.-.-:¦.¦ ;
STOCKTON, Nov. 7.— The residence of
J. D. Peters, the weir known grain man
and capitalist, was entered during the
night and robbed of two clocks,', a costly
art vase heavily inlaid, with silver, a val
uable old violin, the property ' of Miss
Peters, and a fine mandolin. The rob
bery was not discovered until this morn
ing. So far nothing else has been missed
from the house. The officers are working
on the case-.
Burglar Takes Art Treasures.
NAPA, Nov. 7.— Colonel H. Pease,
Health Officer of Napa, died at his home
on Franklin street aboOt noon to
day. He had been 111 j , for a long
time and death was not unexpected. He
served In Mulligan's brigade during the
Civil War. He carne to Napa from Chi
cago eighteen years ago. He was at one
time manager of the Palace Hotel here,
but for the last few years was City
Health Officer here. His wife survives
him. He was 72 years of age and a native
of Massachusetts. ,
Health Officer of Napa Dies.
FOLSOM, Nov. 7. — The preliminary ex
amination of Convicts James Roberts,
Andrew Meyers and William Laverone,
charged with the murder of Guard Wil
liam Cotter on July 27 last, commenced
yesterday and was concluded to-day. The
trial was held at the Folsom prison before
Justice of the Peace Sturgis of Granite
Township. District Attorney Arthur M.
Seymour conducted the prosecution and
Charles T. Jones represented Meyers and
Laverone, Roberts appearing as his own
counsel.
No new evidence was adduced, but the
defendants were held to answer to the
Superior Court on charges of murder.
Criminals Accused of Murder of a
Folsom Guard Held for
Trial. .
CONVICTS ARE CALLED
TO ANSWER CHARGES
MAR1NETTE, W!».. Nov. 7.— The little
schooner Rosebud of Menomlnee. Mich'., which
has been missing for three . weeks, is believed
to have gone down in Lake Michigan with
George and Edward Cjta, aonn of the owner,
who were nail trie her, and their sister, .who
was stewardess.'
NEVADA CITY. Nov. 7.— The body of
A. P. Harris was found at Harris
Meadow, eight miles from Sierra City,
near the Salinas and Merced mine, yester
day morning by his son-in-law, W. D.
McDonald. A bullet hole through the
man's heart Khowed the cause of death,
but the identity of the murderer has not
been ascertained. Harris had been miss-
Ins elnce Thursday morning and a search
for him was Instituted. The Coroner and
District Attorney of Sierra County made
an Investigation.
Karris was about 72 years of age. He
bad lived on his farm at Harris Meadow
tor a number of years. On Thursday he
left his cabin with a horse, saying that
be intended to put the animal in a pas
ture. He did not return at night and it
was too dark to make a search for him.
Little anxiety waa felt, however, as it
was thought that he might have gone to
town or to some other cabin. It was
deemed wise to make a search yesterday
sad McDonald went to the pasture,
where se found the old man dead.
It is believed that the murder was com
mitted by some one who had a purpose in
•retting the old man out of the way. The
body *ca» taken to the cabin. The officers
ar» working diligently and hope to have
some definite clew by to-morrow.
O&IAHA, Not. 7. — Lev! Carter, president of
tfc* Garter "White t<ead Work* at Pullman.
IU.. filed at his hotel la thl« city early to-day.
H« has been a resident of Nebraska for forty
•«vea year* and was on* of the wealthiest men
la tk* State.
•WASHINGTON, Nov. 7.— As * F«caa t{ ° n
against the epremd of yellow fever at Mcln
tosh, near Laredo. Tex., the commander at
the military pc*t haa been instructed to move
the troops to some safe point in the vicinity
and co into camp.
Th» line taps a rich district to the
southeast of Los Angeles, and la eight
een miles In length. Construction was
begun Octoebr 3 and a silver spike driven
yesterday marked the completion of the
road. '£¦-{¦¦-":
LOS ANGHLES, Nov. 7.— The new In
terurban electric ra»wav tetw^pri t>*»T
city and the town of Whittler was opened
to-day. Cars began running tnts morn
ing on a regular schedule and this after
noon a large delegation of the Chamber
of Commerce went to Whittier over the
new line to join in the celebration there
of the' acquisition of rapid transit facil
ities. .
Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce
Delegation Makes a Trip to
Whittler.
FIRST CARS ARE RTJH
ON NEW ELECTRIC LINE
WIDOW MUST ACCEPT
THE EIGHTEEN THOUSAND
Santa Cruz Judge Reduces Sum at
Which a Jury Appraised a
Husband.
SANTA CRUZ^ Now 7.— Judge Smith
to-day ordered a Jury verdict of $26,000
in the damage suit of Harriet E. Hough
ton against the Loma Prieta Lumber
Company, for the loss of 'her husband
through an explosion, reduced to $18,000.
The Judge said;he is satisfied that the
Supreme Court will grant a new trial un
less a reduction be, made, as the highest
damages ever sustained by the Supreme
Court for; the loss of a husband through
negligence was $18,000. Unless the plain
tiff consents to a. reduction he will grant
the defendant a new trial. .
Authorities Accuse Four Men.
SUISUN, Nov. 7. — Four men. giving
their names as John Clark, Walter Har
die, John Lewis and George Illckey, were
lodged In jail hore to-day on a charge of
burglary, having, been arrested at Davis
ville. A few days ago a freight car was
broken into at Ehnlra and a. quantity of
merchandise was stolen. The officers say
they have evidence to convict the men ar
rested.
JEFFERSON CITY. Mo., Nov. 7.-
Judge Hazel of the Cole County Circuit
Court to-day appointed Frank M. Brown
special prosecuting attorney to Investi
gate the charges made by the Rev. C. S.'
Brooks against Prosecuting Attorney 'R.
P. Stone, whom he charged In a sermon
some time ago with drunkenness, gamb
ling and failure to close the saloons on
Sunday.
Will Prosecute an Attorney.
Body of an Aged Man
Pound in a Sierra
Pasture.
Experts of the Amalgamated Copper
Company have been in Globe for the
past week and have been examining the
property. The Black Warrior property
has been closed down for the past two
years owing to Inability to treat the ores
with the present equipment.
The Babsons of Boston, textile manu
facturers, own the controlling interest,
with James A. Fleming, ex-Territorial
Treasurer of Arizona, as president of the
company. The Black Warrior is consid
ered one of the best properties in the
Territory.
TUCSON, Ariz.. Nov. 7.— It is reported
from Globe that the sale of the Black
Warrior mine in the Globe district, to the
Amalgamated Copper Company haa been
consummated. The price stated is $2,500,
000.
Black Warrior Property
in Arizona Has New
Owner.
Body of Murdered Chinese Found.
VANCOUVER. B. C, Nov. 7.— Charlie
Sing, a Chinese, was found dead' last
night in a gambling-house at Steveston,
which he conducted Jointly with three
Japanese partners, his throat cut from
ear to ear and his body otherwise hor
ribly mutilated. The police believe that
Sing was the victim of highbinders. A
large sum of money wasstolen from the
gambling rooms.
MURDERER ENDS
A FARMER'S LIFE
MINE IS SOLD
FOR MILLIONS
POMONA, ' Nov. 7.-Two hundred and
fifty cases 'of Washington- navel orange
trees have been -. shipped from the San
Dlmas nurseries to six experimental sta-i
tions in Italy by. -order of the Italian Gov
ernment. The shipment: just made is the
result of a visit to thia place last year
of an expert sent out by the Italian Gov
ernment, to Investigate the orange-grow
ing . industry in California and to select
specimens for exportation to Italy.' Twen
ty thousand Washington navel trees also
have been sent to Cape Town, South
Africa.
Two Hundred and Fifty Cases Are
¦ Shipped From Southern Cali- \
? • ¦ ... fornia. "
ITALIAN GOVERNMENT
ORDERS ORANGE TREES
Owing to the difficult nature of. the
task- before them the miners are unable
to tell when they will be able to dig
through the fallen gravel and satisfy
themselves as to the life or death of the
missing men, one of. whom is named
Evans. The other is an Italian whose"
name is not known here.
At latest reports 'the men were work
ing in shifts of sii hours each, still strug
gling with the threatening quicksand,
"without having discovered any trace of
the missing men. That they are still be
hind the barrier , Is the hope of , some,
while others contend j that th«y were
caught in the treacherous sands. If. the
latter theory be true, they met almost in
stant death and their bodies lie many
feet below. . . .^
The | shift was working away earth,
•which caved last Thursday but which
was bulkheaded up and was left appar
ently, strong enough to overcome any
pressure which might come against it.
Almost without warning the second cave
in occurred when a bed of quicksand was
reached. An alarm was sounded and the
miners ran for their lives.
Ab the foremost of the throng poured
out into the main tunnel the bulkhead
gave way before the tons of earth be
"hind it. After reaching a place of safety
the men discovered that two of their
companions were missing. Superintendent
Gassaway at once went Into the mine and
ordered the work of rescue. . With fran
tic energy a shift of eight men attacked
the mass of earth, while another wheeled
the debris away. For hours they strug
gled without making any- perceptible
progress.
NEVADA CITY, Nov. 7.— Two men are
either dead or dy!ng in the Union Blue
gravel mine north of Bloomfield as the
result of a cave-in yesterday afternoon.
A number of others narrowly escaped.
Cave-In Destroys a Bulkhead Near
Bloom field and Many laborers
Have to Run to Save
Their Lives.
Desperate Effort Made to
. Break Through Earth •
Barrier.
Two Men Imprisoned in
Tunnel in Nevada
County. .
MINERS DIG
TO RESCUE
COMPANIONS
THE FAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1903.
ST. PAUL, Nov. 7.— General Kobbe,
commanding the Department of Dakota,
returned to-day from a trip taken at the
instigation of the War Department to in
vestigate the Indian situation there.
Rumors have been rife that there were
indications of an Indian uprising, the
Chlppewas being very restive owing to
the operation of the Morris timber act.
The Interior Department referred the
matter to the Secretary of War. The
War Department notified General Kobbe
to .make a personal investigation. He will
submit his report at once- to the Secretary
of War. It Is understood that the gen
eral will report that the situation does
pot seem to demand the presence of any
military force.
18
ADVEBTISE3CENTS.
Frederick. Manuell." Alaryland block.
Butte, Montana; bought a bottle of New-
bro's Herpicide: April 6. >'O3, and began
to use it for entire baldness. - The hair
follicles in his scalp were not dead and
in:20 days he had hairall over, his head.
On July 2 ho writes," "and to-day my
hair is as thick and .luxuriant ap any one
could wish." • Newbro's Herpicide works
on an old principle and with a new dis-
covery— destroy.' the cause -and 7 you re-
move the effect. -.Herpicide destroys the
germ that causes dandruff, falling hair,
and, finally, baldness, so that \ with the
cause gone the: effect cannot.* remain.
Stops falling- hair at once and a new
growth starts. Sold by leading druggists."
Send 10c in 1 -stamps for sample to The
HerpicideCo.. Detroit, Mich. ". '
Wm Perfectly Bald When Be Started to
Use Newbro's Herplcide. ..
GOT HIS HAIR BACK.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Causes
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
healthful regularity. - • -"' i '
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach,
Liver. Bowels," Kidneys Bladder, i Femal» Ir-
regularities. Eick Headache, Biliousness,' Con*
Btlpatlon, Piles ana . all derangements of the
Internal ¦ Viscera, ' 25c » box. At druggists or
by mail. • JIADWAT,& CO.. Now Tdrk, :
The old theory that consumption war
inherited is utterly discredited by modcrr
medical science. The germs of con
sumption must be received from with-
out. These germs are every where
''"7 »" constantly being received anr
chested whose ir
»N^^^^piP/ prey to consump
» • * . ' • tion becsus*c the"
s\ • " m - • "" I J 1 - "'" • too v. - cak c .
gftftj V » throw off disease.
**1t^& n K&k of^°' Pierce':
j VS^t, Golden Mcdica
'&Ww VTK: Discovery make:
5^w''' .' 'l^P ¦ It cure;
'-?£%!&>> obstinate dec;>
seated coujrht
{M^^^S^^^W bleeding: • lunp:?
SSB ki kd) y/cakness; eruacte
tion and other conditions which if ne£
lected or unskilfclly treated find a fatd
termination in consumption. • ¦
$3,000 FORFEIT will be paid bv
the World's Dispensary Medical Asso-
ciation, Proprietors, Buffalo, N. Y., if
they cannot 6how the' original signature
of the individual. volunteering. the testi-
monial below," and also of the writers o:^
every tefitixnoaial among the thousand:
T.-hich they are constantly publishing,
thus proving their genuineness. ¦ ,
"In the eprinjf of 1900, I 'ttcs tnken vrii'i
heraorrhage. of the lua^s, end became, vcr;
weak and short of breath, lost flesh ami had ox
appetite." writes Mr. E. L.Robicctt, of Xerxes.
Tenn. "I was persuaded to try.Dr/.Pierce't.;
Golden Medical Discovery. The first few bottle:
fecined to do tnc but" little good. _ ¦ Thoujyht 1.
would soon be a victim of that dreaded disease j
consumption. Had mitnoBt' given up iu despai:
when mr friends persuaded me to give your,
' Golden Medical DiscoTery ' a fair triaX I com- v
rncn.ced its use. I weigh 160 pounds now, tnc/
when I coimneaced I only weighed 140 pounds, j
If any oac doubts thi* statement I will be
pleased to answer any inquiry." " - ¦ .' "•
Accept no sabstituts for "Golden Med- ]
ical Discovery." Nothinjfis^justasgood."/
Dr. Picre*'c Pleasant Pellets clcaoac the i
dodged system from impurities -
DB, PIERCE '3 HEMEDIES.
Prevents and Cures
"It la easier \o stay well than to get
welL"
Most all diseases in this latitude are
caused cr aggravated by taking Cold.
. Tho Immediate use' of "77" at tho first
chill or shiver prevents a Cold.
The conticoed use of "IT* breaks up a
Cold that "hangi on."
«EXPS TO "SEVENTY-SEVEN."
Humphrey*' No. 3 for Infants' Diseases.
-. m --: « g .. Neuralgia,
" " 10 " Dyspepsia.
•V. " 14 " Eczema.
"„ ** 15 " Rheumatism.
" 16 " Malaria.
M " 27 " The -Kidneys.
•* " 30 " The Bladder.
In email bottles of pleasant pellets that
fit the vest pocket. At druggists*. 25 cents.
ETMedical Guide- mailed free.
Humphrey!' Med. Co., cor. William and
Jchs rtreete, New Tcrk.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NATURE'S GREATEST CURE
FOR MEN AID WOMEN
Swamp-Root is the Most Perfect Healer and Natural
Aid to the Kidneys, Liver and Bladder
Ever Discovered.
i ' J Irritation, pain or dull ache in the back
SWAMP-ROOT SAVED MY LIFE. I -'her tell us in silence that our kldnej-s
I TJ'ftlflr nuui omilu mi m !¦¦ j nee<J doctorinK> If neg iected now. the
disease advances until the face looks
I rteelvrd promptly the wuaple bottle of your pa i e or sailor, puffy or dark circles un-
kidney remedy Swarn^-Hoot. der the f t BWell and somet i m es
I h*6 «. awful p«in tn ter back, o.er th* <Jje heart y acts badJy
~^7 ~^^ _ There is comfort in knowing: that Dr.
iH Kilmer's Swamp-root, the great kidney,
/Vx '^5?^Vv^5 :^x\ liver and bladder remedy, fulfills every
//<+ ¦ ; >^ ;^* i^ *V^J \\ wish in quickly relieving such troubles.
//^.'JL ~z ' ••^'v^-^V ll corrects inability to hold urine and
//^^P^^^"^-'-'^'^--^^^ :^^\\. scaldine pain in passing: it, and over-
// ' ' tijT "¦'"'¦¦'¦[•••-¦ .'¦¦ '¦'%\ : \\ comes that unpleasant necessity of
ff'.h'<t*\ *jSj$^ '^Sj^^' » H * A being compelled to pet up many times
J^^iJi^raKl^ during the night to urinate.
te%^^p|S: I I | SWAMP-ROOT A BLESSlNfi TO WOMJiT
' ' fc"- ¦*•'•• • ft y Vldney* and bladder eave me Ereat
r v t? 5^^*, *L»V\ * trouble for over two months and 1 suffered un-
kiine>-s, ar.d had to urinate from Jour to s?ven V^ft - **^QrJ »**
i:n*.r»'» r.\friA often w:th praartlnjf and bumlnc. : ' ¦:-',%S>i;^i:--%?^. ¦ IJES
Iirlck durt would «*u> In the <irin». I lost S^* ' .•**«
l»-enty pounds in two v.e»ks. and thought I e^\ S. ' " ¦
would »oon die. I took the first dose of your '» *?*5rV/8L ?&-- W- o
Rwair.p-lloot in the evening at bed time, and \^5^^C?w!^^?5
•wa« ve-: much surprised: I had to urinate but \ %$&iirjaBfita£&J'ZtAV*£-^, '¦ v
once that nl»tht. and th^ second n!*ht I did net Xi^VlSBfesS SwHKV- ' ,hU
ft ur until rr-.rrir<r. I have u;ed liw tv.tt>s \ / '*^L?' * J
of Swamp-Roct. ar.d trnday arr. hr well as ever. \ \0ll5^Xy*i2*!X —&. J|5W,.^^jSE//
I am & farrrur. ar.d am working every day. \\SN!vV'C^V^^7' a 'fc^CT//
and wfljh V.*0 pounds, th* samp that I weighed XV^^VVxV^tey^lk' 1 ' VMsY/
furore 1 wn tai.en n.ck Gratefully yours. \\V\\\\\\^ »Jr!/ /
T. S APKHP.. Marth ilill. Pa. \\NXYY\V WmV/
Aj^l 8. 1903. MRS. £. AUSTIN. /J//
There comes a time to both men and v »->« ¦ '
women when sickness and poor health j
bring anxiety and trouble hard to bear; to id misery. I became weak, emanated and i
disappointment seems to follow every very much run down. I had great difficulty in j
effort of physicians in our behalf, and r * t f lnln « my urine and wm obliged to pasa
remedies we try have little or no effect. **£ 'J2L&^if of'Sr. <%L£?UJg \
In many such cases serious mistakes are Root, pent me on my request. I experienced re- j
made in doctoring, and not knowing lief and l immediately bought of my druggist J
what the disease is or what makes us j &|^^ffi^
«ick. Kind nature warns us by certain cured me entirely. I can now stand on my feet
symptoms, which are unmistakable evi- aU dav without any bad eymptonw whatever.
derce of danrer such as too frennpnt Swamp " Root baa P roved a.Wesslns to me.
aence or Ganger, sucn as too rrequent Gralefu ij y yours. MRS. E. AUSTIN.
desire to urinate, scanty supply, scalding I 19 Nassau st.. Brooklyn, N. T.
To Prove What SWAMP-ROOT, the Great Kidney, Liver and Bladder
Remedy Will do for YOU, Every Reader of The Call
May Have a Sample Bottle FREE by Mail. j
ECITOHIAX. XrOTXCX: — If you are sick or "feel badly" send at once to Dr. ¦
Kilmer & Co., Bln&harnton. N. Y., who will gladly send you by mail, imme- j
dlatrly. without cost to you. a sample bottle of Swamp-Root, and a book tell- s
ing all about it. and containing many of the thousands upon thousands of testi-
monial letters received from men and women cured. In writing to Dr.
Kilmer & Co.. Binghamton. X. Y.. be sure to say that you read this generous .
offer in the Sa:i Francisco Sunday Call.
If you are already convinced that Swamp-Root is what you need, you can
purchase the regular fifty-cent and one-dollar size bottles at the drug stores
eve'rywheiv. Don't make any mistake, but remember the name. Swamp-Root,
Dr. Kilmers Swamp-R^ot. and the address, Binghamton, N. Y., on every bottle. !
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DB. KILETEB'3 SWAMP-BOOT.
"The Credit House," 233=235=237 Post Street.
The Biggest Furniture House on the Pacific Coast*
8 The greatest offer yet made in our weekly specials. -^^^^^&|
Beautiful, useful and serviceable articles at prices lower i^^^^^ ] '^
than even we have ever been able to make before. Rare 'C
and costly furniture pieces that will grace any home in San Im^^^^f
We have filled a half million square feet of warehouse f^^^^^^im
(the largest on the Pacific Coast) with the latest goods; we I^^^^^S^^ /f
have secured the entire five upper floors of our annex, and
we are now preparing them for salesroom display. Here
K^ I/' are our week's inducements with which to welcome you. «r
SPECIAL $1.65. SPECIAL FOR THIS WEEK ONLY, THREE PIECES, $50^0! I JJ^jJ^Jg^.
Large Bathroom Felft \ • W \ 1 \L Tapestry Rugs of rare
Rugs in greens and j . nf J\ _--«=» 'flL— ea-^ colorings; in Baghestan
blues, 3 feet' by 6, one l& w^**^ \iL«sa» and . ersian designs.
to a Customer, A bc^" |fu i p ,p CC of furniture art work. Made of mahogany, piano polish, covered In costy Verona vel- Special for the Week,
CK i\rr ours. Heavy solid arms and legs and broad panel back. An e.'ejgant design. Special for the C 1 *2 tZf\ .
4>i.yD week $50.00. - - ,' - • • • *P 1JtJU
MarieAntoinette Brass Special pflCB, $90 "T^r-^
- '¦ '/W\ hea T SCrOl! BedSj bCSt MASSIVE PEDESTAL #W^^Fffi^^%^4- Wm
(0HMmm^% l^^WSr burnishing ' warranted TABLE, hand carved '- ¦ "''"' "^-^
Wm^M^^^^f^'^Wi lacquer ' special this lions ' he2ds and claw
\f^^^^30^^^&^SM week, $150.00. ' Same de* feet -» 10 feet long, 60
; ¦ MWWM^W/^^^^P¥W% simi but lighter weight inch to P» s P e « aI P"", &3]W?!&
/: »8»ffiPi^H-^4is«"- !?U c i T; $90. Oar line is complete tJmm&L.
' fe#^My^S^fe^^fSw $123.00. See our Iron Bed in square, round, octago^ mli^lK^
Room. The biggest line nal, in Ord Mission, Dutch _^^^^^^_
! ¦'*"¦¦- •¦*¦- ¦-• Ofl i» s Coast. Prices p r ; rps trnm cr 7 = in Ar n . r*^A^JS^^:^^v^^
Special price, $150.00 ..«¦.»¦»,¦;¦, aSm^lr. W^^^W ¦
fADPPTQ I SPECIAL FOR THE WEEK, $6.75. I rAl?PPTQ
Do not miss our great Carpet Two Great s P eciaIs stiH On -
Display. Three thousand rolls from y^^^^^^^^^^^^^W EXTRA HEAVY BRUSSELS ' in dee P
u-hirli in rhnr.se and in nrenaratinn bIood reds and neav y shadsd S^ens and
w IliCll to cnoose,ano,m preparaiion, y^^^^^^^^^^^^^^mW tans, scroll and odd Oriental camel's hair
a Rug Department which will be designs. By the yard, laid, $1.20.
half as large as the main carpet 1^^^I^^^^^^^M# I IMfil PHM-^re patterns in
floor. Great stretches of space on LIIiULlUIiI O nr great linoleum
which to match your carpets and ; ; 4 - ii^^i/ spedal. For kitchen, dming room or
c OO hnu/ thpv will Innk in vniir A mattress special is always welcome. This one, like cnt, ohice-theTery thing for the wet weather,
see now tney Will iook in your aI1 siIk donb , e sizej flnffy and san i tary . Sells erery Made of the best pnlverized cork and fin-
own home. where for from $10.03 to $12.50. Special for the week, $6.75. seed oil. Special, per square yard, 45c.
Purchase any special now: We will hold it and deliver at your order.
¦<MC AA DIM IMC TABLE to\t\ PA
/^ |b9| Solid Oak; 6 Stl Extension: j[% H / Ifj !
OliZ^»f«lf ISf Heavy French. T.ezs: 2Il*nly 9)]iLja9j\J
%1/aaKJ © v/ " polished. Tnis week only ¦*^ • *-^ v
Carpet Remnants t^^Sgl 50c yd
«-.!. BRILLIANT FURNITUEE CO. 151 Post St:
2*ll~^^ Kmm^ 0mmrm^^^^^^^^r mm^^^—^—i> W-i«ri"i — r~'«ii ii ¦¦ ii~ ii — ¦ rLONDON. Nov. 7.— The strike in the
slate quarries at Port Penrhyn, North
Waies. which has been maintained for the
last throe years, entailing great expense
and suffering on the families of the work
men, collapsed to-night, the men voting
to return to work without having ob
tained a single concession from the own
er. Lord Por.ryhn.
Th»- Ftrlke rui.-- b<*c-n a Fuhjoct of na-
Hoczl Interest and was brought up at the
lii.M Ksauon ot Parliament in the hope
that a settlement might be effected. This
effort, however, was without result. The
labor leaders organized a co-operative
quarry company some months ago, which
will now probably be abandoned.
STRIKE IS CALLED OFF.
Cody had previously made two unsuc
cessful attempts to cross the Channel
from Dover to Calais in a collapsible boat
drawn by a kite, on October 10 and No
vember 4, respectively. The kite he em
ployed was somewhat on the principle of
a box kite and was capable of lifting sev
eral tons. The boat weighed four tons
and was decked with canvas. It resem
bled a miniature submarine boat. A com
bined steerir.s gear manipulated the kite
LONDON. Nov. 7.— After several fail
ures S. E. Cody to-day succeeded in cross
ing the Channel In his kite-boat. He left
Calais at 11 o'clock last night and reached
Dover thirteen hours later."* He encoun
tered a strong wind and had some narrow
escapes.
Cody Succeeds in/ Daring Attempt
After Many Narrow
Escapes.
CROSSES CHANNEL
IN A KITE BOAT
PARIS, Nov. 7.— Before giving a formal
recognition by France of the republic of
Panama. Foreign Minister Delcasse has
decided to obtain a specific declaration
that the new regime will carry out Co
lombia's former obligations in connection
with the canal and oiner French prop
erty interests. Until this declaration Is
unmistakably given French recognition
«vlir be withheld, but as soon as it is
given, there is the best reason to be
lieve, France will recognize the independ
ence of the new state. Cable inquiries
arc now proceeding to obtain the specific
assurance ro<iuired.
The French Consul at Panama cabled
yesterday that Panama would assume Co
lombia's former treaty and legal obliga
tions. This is considered by the officials
here as making practically certain the
intentions of the new state toward French
property rights.
The officials here construe the action
taken by the United States as being equiv
alent to a full recognition of the new state.
Will Require Specific Declaration of
Panama's Intention.
FRANCE WANTS ASSURANCES.
ST. PETERSBURG, Nov. 7.— In the ab
sence of Foreign Minister Lamsdorff-no
decision has been reached by Russia re
garding recognition of the new republic
of Panama.
Pussia Awaits Developments.
The Patrle sets forth that the Govern
ment of Colombia has decided to "not
permit the United States to take part of
her territory under the pretext of cre
ating a new republic."
PARIS. Nov. 7.— The Patric this after
noon published in a dispatch from Ant
werp, Belgium, an Interview with Gon
zales Torres, Consul General of Colom
bia, who says he has just received a dis
patch from Colombia announcing that
7000 troops are about to arrive at Savan
111a on their way to Colon. Among the
number are 500 men from the Department
of *kntloquai. The Department of Boyaca
also Is furnishing its contingent.
Consul General . Torres adds that the
action of tho American naval forces at
Colon prevented Colombia sending troop's
to Panama to suppre3s the uprising, thus
preventing Colombia fulfilling her treaty
obligation to maintain order. He de
clares further that in spite of American
interference Colombia will fulfill her
treaty duties and will march troops by
land to Panama.
Army of 7000 Men Said to Be En
Route to the Isthmus.
COLOMBIA MAY INVITE WAR.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 7.— To-day's ad
vices to the State Department indicated
a regular development of the new Gov
ernment of Panama. 1 The most Important
announcement indicative of a speedy es
tablishment of full diplomatic relations
with the new republic was the appoint
ment of Bunau-Varilla as the agent of
Panama in the United States^ With him
the United States Government will trans
act any necessary business In an unof
ficial way, pending the appointment of
regular ministers plenipotentiary.
Gudger. the United States Consul Gen
eral to Panama, who will sail to-morrow
for that port, calird at the State Depart
ment to-day for a further conference
with Secretary Hay, at whose instance he
lat'T conferred with the President.
The British Government has formally
requested the State Department to look
after the British subjects on the isthmus,
and pimilar requests from other European
nations are expected, all of which will be
promptly granted. There are reasons
why it is desirable that a large foreign
State Department Decides to Open
Canal Negotiations.
WILL DEAL WITH PANAMA.
PANAMA', Nov. 7.— M. Phillippe Bunau-
Varilla has been appointed diplomatic
agent of the Republic of Panama at
Washington. He is one of the financial
agents of tho Panama Canal Company.
His first official act was to officially noti
fy the Junta that the United States had
recognized the de facto Government of
Panama. The news has caused great re
joicing here and was telegraphed through
out the country. Preparations are being
made to celebrato the event with great
enthusiasm.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 7.— The State De
partment, having received unofficial but
reliable notification of the appointment
of Bunau-Varilla as diplomatic agent at
Washington for the new republic of Pan
ama, has decided to recognize him in that
capacity.
Bunau-Varilla arrived in Washington
late to-night. Y.'lthout registering, he
left his hotel in a carriage, saying that
he would return in an hour. He intimated
that he would see the President or State
Department officials to-niorrow.
"You can ray for me." said Bunau-Var
illa, with great earnestness, "not only
that the isthmian people want a canal,
but that they v.-il! have one, and that
they will readily grant every facility to
the United States to complete a treaty
and construct the canal. I shall take up
the matter with the Secretary of State
as soon as I see him."
PARIS, Nov. 7.— M. Bunau-Varilla. who
has been appointed diplomatic agent of
the republic of Panama at Washington,
is a brother of Maurice, Varilla, president
of the Matin Company of Paris, and one
of the engineers who took an active part
in the wofk done toward the construction
of tho Panama canal.
REPRESENTS NEW REPUBLIC.
Diplomatic Agent Will Be Recog
nized in Washington.
General Tovar and his staff, who were
unable to catch thf royal mall steamer
Orinoco, which sailed from Colombia, will,
v-ith the troops commanded by General
Tovar. le.ive Cclon for Barranqullla.
News from the interior of the province
is to the effect that troops are being of
lered in all municipalities and are joining
the movement. On the most reliable au
thority l\ can be announced that the re
public of Panama will assume the Colom.
bian canal obligations and that arrange
ments with that end in view are now be
ing made. .
by Bunau-Varilla. the diplomatic agent
at Washington of the republic, spread
rapidly through the town, and the heavy
fall of rain which prevailed could not
dampen the enthusiasm which dominated
the :sthmians over the announcement.
The d.iy was declared a holiday, and even
the foreigners in Panama .joined in the
jubilee. .
The United States cruiser Boston
ieachsd here to-day. Her arrival was
made the occasion of great rejoicing and
enthusiasm is at a high pitch. When the
executive officer of the Boston landed he
was received by crowds headed by bands
and carrying the Stars and Stripes and
the flag of the republic of Panama. The
bands played the American anthem. The
populace is still parading about the town
and a large number of foreigners are join
ing in the demonstration. Commander
Diehl of the Boston will not come ashore
urtil to-morow.
BERLIN, Nov. 7.— Germany has not yet
taken into consideration the question of
recognition of the republic of "Panama
and will await the United States' formal
recognition. Germany admits that among
the great powers the United States is the
country most immediately concerned and
will shape bjer course with especial ref
erence to that fact. Germany will pre
serve a strict but friendly neutrality.
Germany in No Hurry to Act.
LONDON, Nov. 7.— No steps have- been
taken by the British Government, or are
likely to be taken -jn the immediate fu
ture, toward the formal recognition of
the independence of Panama and no re
quest has been received thus far looking
to that end. President Roosevelt's action
and Secretary Hay's statement are not
construed by the Foreign Office as being
a formal recognition of Panama's inde
pendence. Great Britain will Instruct her
consular and diplomatic authorities on the
Isthmus to communicate, in case of ne
cessity, with suchgovernment as may ex
ist in Panama, but they will not construe
that as a formal recognition of Panama's
independence. Up to to-night Colombia
had made no protest here.
Will Not Immediately Recognize the
New Republic.
GREAT BRITAIN'S ATTITUDE.
NEW YORK, Nov. 7.— The battleship
Maine has been ordered to Colon. She
has sailed from Marthas Vineyard for
Hampton Roads, where she will coal and
proceed to her destination.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 7.— It was stated
at the Navy Department that the sudden
departure of the Maine to Colon is not
because there Is any particular. necessity
for the presence there of big battleships.
The navy, it is stated, is deficient in
squadron movements, and the Navigation
Bureau desires to remedy this deficit
wherever itracticable. The Maine, it is
further said, has been at the navy yard
during a good part of the last year, and
the cruise to the Isthmus will be bene
ficial to discipline.
Admiral Coghlan, who will sail from
Washington to-morrow morning with
Consul General Gudger for Colon, has de
cided to retain the Mayflower as his flag
ship while at Colon until the arrival of
his permanent flagship, the Olympia,
which should follow him from Norfolk in
about one month.
for Colon.
MAINE GOES TO THE ISTHMUS.
Battleship Is Ordered to Sail at Once
Government opinion and sentiment gen
erally approves thecourse of the United
States. The newspapers commend Presi
dent Roosevelt and Secretary Hay. A
large portrait of Mr. Roosevelt occupies
the first page of the Matin to-day, with
the declaration that, he has conferred a
benefit on humanity by putting an end
to Colombia's obstruction of the path of
progress.
Panama canal shares continued to rise
to-day, the advance varying from 3 to 5
francs throughout the list. Five per cents
rose from 57.50 to 62.50: 3 per cents were
up from 39.50 to 42; new 6 per cent first
series rose from 74.50 to 79,« and the sec
ond series went up from 69 to 72.50.
Significant of the strength of this de
cision was the appearance at the State
Department of Rear Admiral John O.
Walker, U. S. N., retired, president of the
.Isthmian Canal Commission, who has
been in frequent conference with the
President and Secretary Hay In the past
three days. Upon him will probably de
volve the initiation of the practical work
ing out of the canal project, and he is
keeping himself fully posted as to every
development here in Washington, while
Colonel William Black of the engineer
corps of the army, who has been engaged
in looking after the physical aspects of
the canal problem on the isthmus for the
past few months, has been supplying in
formation from that quarter.
naval representation In isthmian waters
should be discouraged just now, and until
the new Government is permanently es
tablished. It is expected here that there,
will be little delay about such establish
ment, and as soon as there Is a regular
Government at Panama in place of the
present Junta, the State Department ex
pects to take up negotiations for the ex
ecution of the canal project.
The State Department has decided that,
so far as it is concerned, it regards the
treaties that governed Colombia, or as to
New Granada, as Btlll in force, and
therefore all concessions, including that
of the Panama Canal Company, are valid
and in force.
The State Department also has decided
that, owing to the fact that the Spooner
canal act in terms required the United
States before beginning the* canal to con
clude a treaty with Colombia, the spirit
of the act will be met by the conclusion
of an arrangement with the new State of
Panama on the lines of the Spooner act,
and It will proceed to this end. In other
words, It Is held that just as the engage
ments entered into by the United States
with New Granada have ever since been
regarded as binding in regard to Colom
bia, so, accepting the common law doc
trine in such cases as binding, the de
partment Is authorized to read "Panama"
instead of "Colombia" in the Spooner act.
In this sense, it is pointed out, the Pres
ident will find It unnecessary, unless he
cares to do so, to go to Congress for fur
ther legislation to authorize the con
struction of the Panama Canal.
Continued From Page 17, Column 3.
PANAMA'S DIPLOMATIC REPRESENTATIVE
IS PROMPTLY RECEIVED IN WASHINGTON
Calvarian Society Will Commemorate
All Souls' Day in St. Mary's
. , , . . Cathedral.
Services at the churches to-day will be
as follows: .'
; California-street M. E,— Morning. "Am I My
Brother's Keeper?": evening. "The Faith of
Robert Louis 8tevenson." Pastor, Rev. Clar
ence Reed. • • ¦
Grace M. E. — Momlng, "Christ s Law • of
Wealth" ; evening, "A Clean Politician and
the Man Who Falls." Pastor, Rev. F. M.
Larkln. , m
Richmond M. E. — Morning,' Tour Chapter*
of the Downward Career of Absalom": evening,
"My .First Rornj* With the Tiger." - Pastor,
Isimps'on "Memorial M. E.— Evening. "Win
ners and Loser*." Pastor, Rev. John Stephens.
Trinity M. E.— Morning, "Lessons From a
Holy Life": evening, preaching.' Pastor, Rev.
John A. B. Wilson, r.
First M. E. — Morning. "The World'* Philos
opher": evening, "How to Keep- the Conscience
Good." Pastor. Rev. E. F. Brown.
First Church of Christ, Scientist*— Morning.
PASTORS TO FBEACH FROM
PULPITS ON" TIMELY TOPICS
MINNEAPOLIS. Not. 7. — PeUr O. ElUott,
the Minneapolis man who torn* tlm* ago at*
tempted to see President Roosevelt at th«
White House and who violently resented tin
efforts of officer* to remova him, was adjudge i
Insane to-day and. sent to the State AjtIuxo.
CHICAGO, Nov. 7.— The Daily News
says: The general office of the American
Steel and Wire Company will be moved
within the next month to Cleveland, ac
cording to a statement made to-day by a
high ollicial of the company. It wa3 fur
ther dec'.ared that the 2000 or more men
laid off at South Chicago several dayj
ago and those thrown out of employment
at Waukegan, numbering 1000 more, prob
ably will be permanently out of work as
far as the American' Steel and Wire and
the Illinois Steel companies are. con
cerned. In moving the general office.* to
Cleveland It is said 50 per cent of the
employes of the offices now open in New
York, Cleveland and Chicago will be dis
charged. The saving to the company by
the contemplated reduction in office and
mill forces, it is said, will be in round
numbers $800,000 yearly.
American VSteel and Wire Company
Flans to Leave Chicago.
WILL MOVE TO CLEVELAND.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., Nov. 7.— In tfcl
wrestling match at Carnival Stadium to*
night between Tom Jenkins of Cleveland
and Tom Sharkey of New York for thq
championship of the world Jenkins re*
tained that title, throwing his antagonlsi
the first two falls. The first fall was se
cured In fourteen minutes with a htgb
crotch and flying fall and the second with
a crotch and neck hold In fourteen mln*
utes. The match was for two out ol
three falls. Sharkey appeared the equa}
of Jenkins in strength, but lacked clever*
ness. Jenkins at various stages worked
out of dangerous positions.
Sharkey Not a Wrestler.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 7.— William L.
Klkins, the multi-millionaire traction
magnate and financier, died at his home
at Ashbourne, near here, to-night from
a complication of diseases at the age of
71 years. E'.kins' illness, which became
alarming about three weeks ago, really
dated from last spring, when he narrowly
escaped death. A heavy iron girder,
which was being hoisted to the top of a
new oflice building at Broad and Chest
nut streets; of which he was part owner,
fell to the ground, just grazing Mr. El
kins, who was passing. The shock se
riously affected his nervous system. The
immediate cause of death was blood pois
oning, added to which was a combination
of kidney, troubles, rheumatism and rheu
matic gout.
Aged Financier and Traction Mag
nate Succumbs to Complication
of Diseases.
MILLIONAIRE ELKINS
HAS PASSED AWAY
"Mortals and Immortals." Pastor. The BIbU
and Science and Health with Key to the Scrij>
"First Congregational — Morning. "Seven
Tears"; evening. "From Faith to Faith.
Pastor, Rev. George C. Adams.
Plymouth Congregational— Morning, worgnip
ing; evening, "Civil and Social Rlghteous
neF*." Pastor. Rev. I. C. Meserv©.
Third Congregational — Mornlnr. The Sym
pathy of Cod": evening. "Tho P™P he * '« Uni
versal History." Pastor. Rev. William Rader.
Second Unitarian— Morning. "Does th«
Christian Church Need Miracles?" Pastor,
Rev. Jay William Hudson.
Dr P B. Monran has been engaged to de
liver' jv course of Sunday lectures at th« rooms
of the Christ Church. Twenty-fourth street,
between Noe and Castro. November 4 at 4 p.
m. "Astronomical": November 15, "Sun
Sp^tn": November 22. "The French Revolu
°rnder the auspices of the Calvarian Socie.tr.
services In commemoration of AH Souls* Day
will be held at St. Mary's Cathedral this after
noon at 3 o'clock. Devotions will consist of
the "Way of the Cro»"s" sermon and benediction
of the Hlessed Sacrament. ,
The Paullst Fathers will open a mission to
day in All Hollows Church, South San Fran-
C ' Rev Father Whittle will preach at the 10:30
o'clock mam this mornlnr, in St. Ignatius
Church. Rev. Father Forfaan will preach In
Flwt Presbyterian Churcli — Morning subject.
"There Came a Leper." Matthew vlll:l-4; even
ing subject. "The Joy and Sorrow !n Religion."
Pa«tor. Rev. W. K. Guthrie.
This is the day of prayer for young
men and the extension of the Young
Men's Christian Association work In an
lands. W. H. Williams, known as th<
Jrummer evangelist, will address & greal
mass meeting for men at the association
auditorium. Mason and Ellis streets, a)
3 o'clock. Orchestral music will bo fur
nished and all young men are Invited tq
the service. Mr. Williams* subject will
be "Trimming Up, or Getting Ready.'*
KANSAS CITY, Nov. 7— The Grange
block, a four-story brick building in
Olathe, Kan*., 20 miles southwest of here,
was destroyed by fire to-night. The build
ing occupied a half-block in the principal
street of Olathe, and in It. were the
Grange Opera Auditorium, the i Grange
Hotel, a large general store and offices.
A play was In progress when the fire
started and u panic was narrowly averted,
as a large crowd was watching the per
formance. It is believed no one was hurt,
however. A number, of smaller buildings
were burned and the fire Js still burning,
but It Is thought to be under control.
Four-Story Building in a Kansas
Town Is Totally Destroyed by
a Conflagration.
FIRE NEARLY CAUSES
PANIC IN OLATHE
On the eve of Monday's consistory a
rumor is in circulation here that in ad
dition to the appointment of Monslgnors
Merry del Val and Callegart to the Car
dlnalate, which it is already known will
be made, other Cardinals will be named.
The rumor has it that the new Cardinals
will be Americans— that is, they will be
long to the American continent. The pre
vailing opinion is that one will be from
the United States and one from Brazil.
ROME, Nov. 7.— It is learned that the
Pope is studying a project submitted to
him by Cardinal Moran, the object pf
which is -the withdrawal of America and
Australia from the jurisdiction of the
congregation of the propaganda.
The project provides the kind of auton
omy of two countries under responsibil
ities of their respective Cardinals. Their
dependence on Koine will be merely on
questions of dogma. It seems the Pope
is inclined to take the steps proposed an
the result of increase of disputes among
the clergy of the two countries which the
propaganda has been unable to settle and
also because of a lack of familiarity on
the part of the propaganda of local feel
ings in the countries concerned.
Special Oispattb to The Call.
Object Is to Harmonize Vari
ous Factions Among the
Clergy.
Scheme Proposed Gives
Cardinal Jurisdic
tion.
POPE'S NEW PLAN
FOR AMERICA
HAVANA, Nov. 7.— The Cuban Govern
ment to-day handed " to United States
Minister Squires a proposition which if
accepted 'by> the United States will re
sult In the Immediate turning over of the
Guantanamo station to the United States.
The turnover includes the public ground
and the 'portions purchased from the Cu
ban Government, but does not Include the
parcels still unacquired. The United
States will have immediate control of
large areas of land on both sides of the
bay, including the entrance, on which the
lights, etc.. are situated, and all the pri
vate properties within the area will be
purchased on terms practically agreed
upon excepting that of the Cuban East
ern Railroad, a New York company which
is seeking: permission to establish a ter
minus within the area.
Cuban Government Offers Guantana
mo to This Country, but Not Those
Parcels Unacquired.
WILL GIVE VALUABLE
STATION TO UNCLE SAM
and the boat's rudder alike and enabled
Cody to maneuver with comparative ease.
THE eAN FKAIN'CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1903.
19
ling's Best ; I am true and good
and as fine as is worth while ;
it you don't think so, your
grocer hands you bach your
money.
Monevback savs: I am Schil-
AEVERTISIWE^-TS.
ADVEBTTSEMENTS.
A T>VF' Rf|TTR ' R1MT! ' MTra -
COMMANDER-IN-CHIEF
SPANISH WAR VETERANS
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PR. CHAMLbY ...
VICTORIOUS
All Blackmailing
Schemes Defeated
S. C CHAItlXr, K. D.
EerxU* cniutt la me41sl»e axfl nrlitered la
fecr tutti. Tetcfcta tad prorci t« tht
pr«f •ibIoh that
In Woman's Breast
A Lump Is Cancer
Arjr lump er tore on tie Up. i *co er auy-whore
«li taotth* U Eejirly a'.wiyi ctnoer. They
aerer p*in vatil almoct pait cure.
I Will Give S1000
IT I FAIL TO CXTEE A3TT CAA'CTR OX TO-
JTOa I TRTAT SrFO&E IT TOlhOKS THE
SIX? OUL2TQS.
NO KNIFE OR PAIN
Not a DjHar Nssd B; Paid Ihtil Cared
An Island ahrcb or plant makes the rorcs. tb»
euxt wonderful tflaeoTrrj 1 on rarth to-day. B*it
book od eanrvrs «¦»> r prlmwi ct-nt fr>><' with tm-
tlnoniala of "b<'u«sn<!« cored whom you can sr«.
S. R. CHAMLEY, M. K
?•Strictly Reliable" Two Laiy Assistants
25 Third Street, San Francisco
PLEASE SEND to some one WITH CANCER
Money for Mothers -
\¥ ~\3 savc them money, should they purchase their
| *&*j0 son's suit or overcoat of us. We make our own
yA O*f clothes and sell at onc profit. If we had to buy gjtjt
r^^^Sf^^k through middlemen, like other dealers have to \^ ***.
/($*' '^J&P^Cg^S^ f^°' we wou ld'have to charge as much as other «^ ¦ / •
1^^^ dealers. Why don't you see just how much we M%^ljL
m^^^^^^^mi can savc you?" Here are some enticing values:
H^HhHI 'Stylish Norfolks, $4^50 Up
iiM^^SBB^SBSA Onc of the most p°p uiar st > r)cs sii ° wn this :^-S^^m^^i lm
O^^^^^^p^l . year for boys from 7 to 13 years is the Norfolk -S ¦•'¦¦¦/. "'¦^^^
' suit as pi cturef J- '^ llc designs and colorings arc ''•'•*•'- 1 K ***$
it v£ '"^i^^^i^^^^^ by far. the swellest we have ever seen. We have ';., -""I''- ¦ k £ffl
the suits in navy blue cheviots, dark mixtures ; : .ia>V ?3J *" v : 'S'-W
|?'^^SB^^a8^B§l anfl blnc ser S cs at $4-5°' ancl in fanc > r cheviots ' ' "jf\ \ '£•.' 'm
*'i^^^^Pf|S^^^ffl and mixed patterns at $5.00; also in smooth '-"\J^M '"< H
Wj^^^^^Wm^^^k striped worsteds, unfinished cheviots and hand- * : -V?-^ '•-" * ''' ] *|
1 pfS^^^^^^^^I some blue serges at $6.00, $6.50 and $7.50. \^»f'-^ \> •' ; " V "il--fcI
//i^^^^M rallii? ot> ar k £ ra >' a "d light tan coverts at $3.50. \\-3// / ".
740 Market Street.
nut cSaSA E'nH iStt tf=f?l VHbB *Bfi*^ k / I
¦ V'^^^M^^^^^^ ! General UreJI Is Only One of
ifl^^^C^^ffi^^^^ 3 f Twenty-Eight Generals or
** Our Army Who Endorse
? oLjisC. ? General M. E.-nmett Urell was
'• *^^ ??!^3Ai Jpsa^ SiWiZ^^^^* <>_ newly elected Commander-in-chief
* JjS|ft v^"- = ' of the National Organization of
,, •^^jlj ra^«i\w\» / *' ? Spanish War Veterans of which
i " ** JSjjfc^ 1 ?^ « " President Roosevelt is a member.
" i^g"* " This prominent General recom-
]] ]| mends Peruna in the following
I • m 9 • ««»««»»«»«»»>»«» *t*T-* words:
"Many of my friends have used Peruna with beneficial results
as an effective remedy for catarrh." — M. Emmett Urell , 813 12th
Street, N. W., Washington, D. C.
J.U. Kannuf, 1445 N. 9th St., St. Louis, sends surging through the blood vessels
Mo writes- tne recuperating currents of new life.
«r w. fmir.^ p, nina th« ereateat " does a11 tnls b^ Producing healthy
I "I have found Peruna the greatest mucou3 membranes.
remedy on earth to stop my aches and Peruna makes clean, strong mucous
I pains. I have been troubled with indi- membranes in the nose, throat, stomacn
gestlon; everything seemed to lay heavy and digestive organs. In this way it
on my stomach. I was also troubled reaches the origin of all life, all strength
with aching of bones and backache. I and all activity.
felt as tired in the morning as at night. Peruna cleanses these membranes of
and was troubled with a cold which every vestige of catarrhal congestion,
settled on my chest and lungs, and had This leaves them strong and able to do
a heavy cough every winter. Peruna their work.
cured all these disagreeable symptoms; Then follows refreshing sleep. Then
and I recommend It to all. I cannot nervousness disappears. Then a man
praise Peruna too highly and would not becomes confident, vigorous, hopeful
be without it. I feel like a new man and happy.
now. and my health Is perfect."— J. W. This Is why it Is that Peruna Is th«
Kannuf ' tonic of tonics. It cleanses the sources
Peruna is not a sleep medicine. Pe- of the blood. Good. rich, red blood is
runa is not a nervine. Peruna Is not a the result and health follows as a nat-
narcotic, Peruna does not stupefy. Does ural consequence.
not bring about artificial rest. Peruna If you do not derive prompt and satis-
helps weak nerves. Builds up broken factory results from the use of Peruna,
down constitutions. Brings refreshing write at once to Dr. Hartman. glvlnr 9
sleep not by producing stupefaction, full statement of your case and he wllj
but by invigorating the nerve centers. be pleased to give you his valuabla ad-
Peruna produces a natural appetite, vice gratis.
It strengthens the digestive po*ver. It Address Dr. Hartman. President of Th*
fills the lacteals full of nutrition and Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus. Ohio.A warrant was issued by Police Judge
Ccnlaa yesterday on complaint of the
Btasfitrd Outfitting Company, 220 Grant
• venue, /cr the arrejt of TV. Mills oa a
chare* of felony embezzlement. He was
Accused of Embezzling Coin.
Mrs. Mary Murphy, a widow 75 years
old, dfled last Friday evening at her resi
dence. 574 Minna street, of burns received
October 25 by the upsetting of a coal oil
lamp.
Died of Burns.
E. A. Engelberg, who attempted to
shoot his wife, Mrs. Annie Engelborg, at
the Sausalito ferry on Friday evening,
appeared before Judge Conlan yesterday
on charges of assault with a deadly wm
pon and carrying a concealed weapon.
He was instructed and arraigned on ihe
felony charge and at his request bo«h
cases were continued till next I'ri-liy.
Mrs. Engclberg swore to the compla.nU
and says she will prosecute the cases.
Eugelberg Will Be Prosecuted.
BUTTE, Mont., Not. 7.— The great tim
ber suit brought by the United States
against Senator W. A. Clark. Involving
timber land in the Bitter Creek Valley.
Western Montana, to the value of C.C00,
000. was settled to-day by Judge Knowles
of the Un!t-3d States District Court ln fa
vor of the defendant, W. A. Clark.
Judge Knowles find3 that tho defendant
was guiltless of irregular purchase of the
Iand3 and innocent of the Illegal registra
tion of the same If such irregularities ex
isted. In hi3 decision Judge Knowles
criticized the testimony of Witness Gria
wold for the Government, whose reputa
tion, the decision says, is none of tha
best, and who man' other witnesses
testified had approached them in behalf
of the Government. The case Is the most
famous timoer land action ever tried in
the West. The reading cf the testimony
consumed forty days.
British Bark Dunslaw
Disabled Off the Co
lumbia.
en outside salesman for the company and
a few days ago was sent out with a lot
of furs valued at several hundred dol
icra to sell. He sold them to the Chicago
Clock Company for JIM and, it is said,
has left the city with the money.
Special Dispatch to The Call
ASTORIA, Or., Nov. 7.— The British
bark Dunslaw. which departed from As
toria November S for South Africa, with
a cargo of flour and wheat, is reported to
be disabled off the Columbia River.
The Dun3'.aw was sighted by the Ger
man bark Professor Kock, Captain Shutte,
arriving to-day from Bremen vla^ Port
Los Angeles. The Dunslaw 'was in lati
tude 47 north, about sixty miles off the
river mouth.
I Captain Shutte reports that he sighted
the b3rk at noon yesterday. All her
square sails had been blown away and
the fore topgallant yard was swinging
I loosely about. An hour later the yard
! went by the board. The Professor Kock
! hoisted a flag, but received no reply from
the disabled vessel. While Captain Shutte
was unable to make out her name, there
is no doubt here that she Is the Dunslaw.
She had black sides, red bottom, double
lower yards, but no royals, corresponding
exactly with the rig of the Dunslaw.
When last seen she was making for the
Columbia under stay sails and spanker.
Captain Latham, the bar pilot who took
the Dunslaw out, says the description tal
lies. Latham adds that the bark had an
inexperienced crew, which probably has
been unable to handle the vessel in the
gale which has raged almost incessantly
for the past ten days.
The master of the Kock reports that a
hurricane prevailed at sea on November 4
and 5. It is believed here that the Dun
slaw will succeed in making port unless
the gale Increases in fury. She Is ln com
mand of Captain Nichol.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 7. —After losing
two days off the mouth of the Columbia
River, the steamer Navarro arrived in
port at 10 o'clock last night from San
.Francisco. . '"*"
The officers of the vessel report that the
storm of Wednesday and Thursday was
one of the worst they ever experienced.
Coming up the coast, they had a fine pas
sage, but when within sight of the Co
lumbia'River they encountered a south
west gale of unusual fury. The lightship
was sighted and an effort was made to
keep within easy reach ¦ of her. Heavy
seas Bw*r>t over the decks and the little
craft was tossed about by the waves like
a toy boat. Nothing was lost overboard
and no damage was done.
At one time the vessel was driven about
twelve miles north of the lightship by, the
Judge Knowles Decides
in Favor of De
fendant.
SEATTLE, Nov. 7.-The Kate Daven
port, a sailing vessel loaded with salmon,
got causht in the gales sweeping on
Queen Charlotte Sound a few days ago
and narrowly escaped going on the rocks
while being towed to Seattle by the tug
Shelikoff. The trews of both vessels
worked hard and at the end of a ten
hour struggle another line was made fast.
When pulled up the Davenport was with
in a cuartrr of a mile of Rocky Point
and it seemed certain that she would pile
upon tho rocks.
Kate Davenport Has Narrow Escape
in Queen Charlotte Sound.
SHIP NEAR THE BOCKS.
SHIP DRIFTS
HELPLESSLY
IN A STORM
gale, but managed to beat her way back
before the storm had subsided. She
crossed the bar yesterday morning at 8
o'clock. . . < ,
CLARK WINS
TIMBER SUIT
of an adjustment in the relations between
Japan and Russia ln the Far East have
bad some reflected effect from the Lon
don market. .
The tightness of the money market has
reduced the demand for bonds, and the
recent average of business in that depart
ment has been considerably diminished.
Prices have been inclined to yield with
the falling off ln demand.
United States 2's declined one-fourth
per cent below the closing call of last
week.
On leaving Eton school he went three
years' to complete his education in Ger
many. There he foresaw the future of
the picture postcard craze. He returned
in three months to London and opened a
small shop on the Haymarket. with agen
cies in Germany and other countries for
picture post cards, and less than three
years* trading 1 finds him with more than
$500,000. He began on J2jO and now 13
earning $100,000 a year.
The business has been turned into a
joint stock company, which is publishing
60,000,000 post cards per annum.
LONDON. Nov. 7.— Evelyn Wrench,
whose coming: of age was celebrated by a
banquet in the Hotel Cecil this week. Is a
remarkable example of inborn business
initiative turned to profitable account. He
is a son of Privy Councilor Wrench, one
of the Commissioners under the Wynd
ham new Irish land act.
Bexnarkable Achievement of London
Lad Just Coming of
. Age.
EABNS HALF A MULION
ALTHOUGH A HEBE BOY
The heavy movement of cotton" and the
high price at which the crop is selling
has Increased the needed volume of cur
rency to move It. But the.volumeSif ex
change against its export has been cor
respondingly large, and the offerings of
cotton bills in the exchange market have
kept sterling exchange near the gold Im
port Dolnt Foreign money markets have
made some show of opposition to the New
York pressure for gold, the Bank of Eng.
land's selling price of gold having been
advanced. But confidence Is felt that any
approach to stringency In the New York
money market would Jead to prompt re
lief by gold "shipments, as the interna
tional trade movement has given New
York an evident: control of the exchange
situation. The week's . events . on the
Isthmus of Panama have passed without
apparent. notice in the stock market, in
spite of the Importance attached; to the
Panama-canal project in its bearing on
transcontinental freight- traffic. ' Reports
MOKE MONEY FOB COTTON.
The influence of the continued opera
tions of the bond conversion syndicate
was also the subject for discussion. The
statement to the Stock Exchange in con
nection with the listing of the corpora
tion's second mortgage bonds revealed the
fact that some $t>6,000,000 of preferred
stock was still available for conversion
into bonds with the privilege of conver
sion exclusively in the syndicate. The ex
ercise of this privilege would presumably
Involve the purchase of preferred Btock
by the syndicate and the increase of the
market supply of the bond^. resulting
from the conversion. Yet the pressure
to sell the preferred stock far outweighed
any obsorption for syndicate account.
The difference in the prices of the pre
ferred stock and the bonds was thus con
siderably extended, and this difference
measures the profit to. the syndicate of
the process of conversion aside from the
4 per cent commission insured to them
t'r.der the contract with the corporation
on tho par value of the preferred stock
converted. The incident which was effec
tive In disturbing sentiment over the iron
and steel trade conditions was the cut in
price of steel billets of $4 per ton. Re
ports of large sales of steel products for
foreign account were considered cor
roborative of the shrinkage of the do
mestic demand and the break In prices to
secure the market. Fears were felt of a
general reduction of prices for all lines of
steel products and a process of contrac
tion throughout the 8tate. Plans for a
further restriction of production and ru
mois of a large reduction In the force of
laborers employed helped to feed the ap
prehension of the speculative public over
the future of the industrials of this class.
Stocks of independent iron and steel com
panies were affected in sympathy, though
less actively than th« United States
Steel securities. There was resumption of
the conservative attitude of bankers and
money lenders, which had begun to be
somewhat relaxed with the long delay in
the crop-moving demands for currency.
This demand, though belated, has risen
this, week to rather above the normal of
preceding year?, warning tho banking
community that their preparations for"
such a contingency were not mistaken."
Reports from London show a hardening
market for discounts and an increased
control of tho open money market by the
Bank o^ England. This may be in prepa
ration to make effective th? Bank of Eng
land's rate of discount to oppose the out
go of gold. The stock market community
has been largely devoted to the condi
tions and prospects in the iron and steel
trade this week and the renewed heavy
liquidation In the United States Steel se
curities has disturbed the whole market.
The course of the money market has Been
a contributory influence. The interrup
tion of the election day holiday also had
the usual effect of discouraging specula
tive activity except for some professional
operations in the New York corporation
stocks, which were nominally based upon
the political contest in the city. The en
gagement of a million dollars in gold in
London for shipment to New York was
made the occasion for some buying of
stocks on Monday and early on Wednes
day after the holiday Interval, on the as
sumption that automatic relief from other
demands upon New York cash supplies
was thus insured, but the latter-weakness
of the United States Steel stocks and
their overwhelming preponderance In the
dealings dominated the whole market and.
tarried prices downward. The heavy
liquidation in these stocks was commonly
attributed to trade conditions, but sug
gestions were also heardof motives from
the financial side for the selling. For in
stance, large selling of the preferred
stock for London here was said to be for
account of a brokerage firm there which
was tided over the last London settle
ment and was presumably left in a vul
nerable position. It was current rumor
in the. stock market that some of the sell
ing was due to changes in the executive
department "of the corporation at differ
ent times since Its formation. As this is
a result of these suppositions there was
a crop of rumors also of further changes
to come in the executive department and
of resulting friction and antagonism. Au
thoritative information on these points
was not to be had and the market opera
tors in the securities were left to sur
mise whether these rumors were not Bet
afloat to confuse the 'public as to the
causee in the Industrial situation to in
duce the selling.
CUT IK PRICES FEARED.
The railroad list in fact was but llttla
affected by the opening dip in Steel pre
ferred. The upward movement was ex
tremely sluggish and dull and the market
showed little breadth or animation. Re
ports were in persistent circulation that
the United States Steel Corporation
planned a cut in all grades of steel pro
ducts on the basis of the lower price for
billets, but all attempts to secure official
information on the subject were repelled.
The bank statement was regarded as fa
vorable on account of the heavy loan con
traction disclosed, although the cash de
crease , was about as large as had been
estimated. The decrease in deposits re
duced the reserve requirements so far
that rather more than half of last week's
surplus Is conserved. Tha decrease in
loans is attributed in part to the liquida
tion in the stock market and to repay
ments incident to the completion of nor
mal settlements. Some of the borrowings
of last week incident to the crisis at St.
Louis are also believed to have been re
paid. The money and exchange markets
are rather nominal on Saturday, but the
to^e of sterling was reported weak and
demand bills were quoted at $4 S4 flat,
which is within the margin of profit in
gold imports. None were announced, but
there wtre various rumors of further en
gamements.
BANK OF ENGLAND CONTROLS.
NEW YORK. Nov. 7.— United States
Steel preferred dipped to yesterday's low
record Immediately after the opening of
the stock market to-day, but Its easy re
covery on dealings almost as light aa on
the decline made the drop not very Im
pressive. The relaxation of the recent
severe prescure on this stock relieves the
market to *ome extent and prices -were
inclined to harden.
Bankers Are Conservative,
but Money Situation
. 13 Safe.
General Market Profits
by a Steady Re
covery.
STEEL STOCKS
TAKE A DROP
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 8. 1903.
20
ADVERTISEMENTS
ADVERTISEMENTS.
of her life. ' Becoming
a mother should bs a source of joy to all, but the suffering. and
d&Qger incident to the ordeal makes its anticipation one of misery.
Mother** Frieod is the only remedy which relieves women of the great
pain and danger of maternity ; this hour which is dreaded as woman's
severest trial is not only made painless, but all the danger is avoided
by its use. Those who use this remedy are no longer despondent or
gloomy; nervousness, nausea and other distressing conditions are
overcome, the system is made ready for the coming event, and tho
terious accidents so common to the critical
hour are obviated by the use of Mother's BfijvffS* AatQn
Friend. "It is worth its weight in gold," (§/§(! $§111*1* sL
says many who have used it. fi.oo per if ESMj^y hH^^S %P
bottle at drug stores. Book containing
valuable information of interest to all women, will W* «~^2 /V n>, /&
be sent to any address free upon application to w^ g Wa^ilalj
rtRAD FIELD REGULATOR GO.. Atlanta, Ga. 3 5 HlKiSxa
an amazing silk sale Neck Ruffs at Half Price
High-Class Novelty $1.25 and $1.50 Silks for ttan 8ample Une of N eck **. from * leading New
*T% ST8 win be a tttrr*Tjff fin f iU»— or* of «!• n^Mitert BUfc of- York manufacturer goes on sale to-morrow at about one-
xl^ *«rteg« that yoy fc»™ r**X *t«* te^tea t ? mttfad— *hto* S~^' haH the regular selling prices, as follows:
jlA -what that aetat la rlrwr ct tbe mttovri^r P"fc r>Ioe» Tf jg J M 1 v " "^ s * v
fcaT; glTea yon U the p^t, Th» Myh qua^ty of th»f e Hltt. win . M / I jj % g ff fa . 65C &50 Raffs for . . 81.78
b» clearly erifleat to all thomer*. tor they are reruUr »1^5 and £g """" »»* ,
$1*0 fill** that yen Ht 7 sow pnrehate ct half rrte», the re«nlt M^^k J*gk 1 S1.50 RnffS for ... 75C S4.00 RuffS for . S2.50
cf ere cf crsr ir.eirT rjarchane*. Thi« cgertag tscluflea 1800 yfl». &1 g >|| . *
«rrwb ?rc-re!rr Slllcg. »cch at hlrh clati Drerto Prlat^d Warpp W E& I Tg - f Jk SU5 RflffS fOf . . . . S8C S5.GD RnffS for . . 82« i 5
es5 THortlVr Ta?rta«. In exqglrlte I»acc. gtrtoed and flowered ef- yBL JB \^ B VCJI. ~ — n .. . _ o , _-
fectg; fa colon of tyhite, yint. Eight Bine. Kile. Lavender. Corn V^#^ / $2.00 KBTIS IOf . . .' 9oC WJW KUUS IOT . g>Q»TO
and Hlacfc and Wliite. Srerr Tard 1» abrprntely perfect In weave .. •-. n •• < C I Q O C7 K A D f f ? C A A.
esfl pattern. Tkrr are Ideal Slltai for Pre— ee. TTalrta. Petticoat! and JClntngt. Cone early *L«fl KflllS lQf . . g>l»Oc7 >l JW trill IS IOr . . Q^e^frO
S?e 5^¦ aa^ y ! m ¦?!¦^. 1^ gl^^¦ th^^^^¦ PU^ ba^ $3.6, Knffs for . . Sl.55 $12^0 Ruffs for . . $7.75
I Another Sala — Oxford Cheviots . Notions at Saving Prices A Kid Glove SaSc
! AB^ni irTFI V ftn#. VAI IIFR FAR a »* vln «f "J* ln Notions for the next Three Day*.
ABbULLItLT WJC VALUC6 TOK It r^p^^-.i, m a eraall way tfc- values « are stving , j, , e,,, r ,.» aal i e>, nr e!««B« tnr t
"> .-, rirtn- rir*<t r'-x ST& Rg^ J. OaUy ia oJr other-bIircer-<3ep.rtE»nt s . . LaflleS 6U2r2r:te2d 51.25 OlQYSS tCF
f^'r'natestC^ev^ot valuei o* " J/L. 1^ &** 11 Halr Pi =*- ef*isht Hoee Supporters. Plncn &
~* r t -.^; e " V?J" tr The lot I "1 crisped. worth g«wcn. irorth 25c.. ..10c We inaugurate to-morrovr a ,*-». fcgj/ /-\
tht cnesonsale b«- If*- worth f* ,'^ p£*i Twhef 1&& Um popular shade*, as well «s white iT^^ H
ginnir.r to-norrotr w« predict will ag*f./i result ££ *£££?££ afcape; 24 oM inches, "worth and black. Th^y ar- w^ll mad*. %^%Jf Pg f
ln liveliest E^llinp. The variety Is practically worth 25^ ..I5o 6Oc J»c wel1 cut - of soft pliable kid. in u "
TOdlees — in plain and banket weaves— nany SWe Comb- arobfr ar<i Latest Pklrt Supporters Overseam and Pique style. This is an unusual
sre white pround*. others la daintiest stripes and «hei! worth 2T~? 2Oc ar<l Walft A(Jju*t«r*.S5o opportunity to secure shopping and street ploveeB
checks in the most charming color combinations; FJortvSera Ccmbt. farcy Back CMnbt h^a\-j- top. of excellent quality— that are guaranteed— B
tct'^al €0: fzoo6z for 3uc Tard y^ ana rlatn. »-«s 25c.2Oc %crth 50c and e0c...4O^ gloves . which r»adily soil at $1.25. for. .£.>e " a!I^J
Four Great Specials in Dress Goods. blackTeauWsoIe'silks
ZBELINES, VOILES AND BLACK BROADCLOTHS. . Black Peau de Soie-the best qualities it i's possible to buv. We -.yjll
rr- m-'»v .-a Ta>t<ar w, r >»e.-t are) n fo^r extraerdinary Pref. Goo<u item*. p] ace on special sale to-morrow and Tuesday 6 great numbers at the lowest
%•*•'-*; r.'^z'i'i have the »*f»rt pf crrrwilr.g ovr o^ar.t»r» ?rr>m earty morninr till cloir.g ' . - ¦ r — ¦ _ " ? ',
I tj~*.. yc-j *.?~w r-r gatt >«:» h*v» wtabi^xi the r^rt far i=w prices «i *>** ar.d pnc c ever offered. All of them are pure Silk and guaranteed to eive perfect
'!;>¦"»>•• *->"** '>-y-i« Tr»** tt*mg «ie»crTg e*r*tn\ r>a<ilrr- yati?faction.
SI. 50 Quality Zibeline, SI. 50 Quality Black Broadcloth, ooc quality, single faced. 20-inch Peau de Soie at C5c vard
QRC 5=^le^l^ fSeSThSS: CJ.05 Si.is quality double faced. 20-inch Pean de Soie at *7c yard
g 2? 8 n £*t2 1 Sl£££. 1 S a0^-< *. ig £J& ZSfgZSSSttS Ol T " d Si.so quality double faced. 20-inch Peau de Soie at »r>c yard
tr.« :-rjt cm-j.; !^4!w fm coicrtsp; also b« coat, an* tailor e-M*. p-^t bargain j quality double faced. , 21-inch Peat! de Soie at gi.iOvar.1
UaCkj ac.ua! M!ae $1.50 jarfl- at $1.06 rard. _: J — Jl ,- , <>f . —
._ /<( _ ,. _.. ,. *>>-»- r> ha D , , r . . $1-7=; cualitv double faced. 24-»nch Peaa de Soie at »].-»? yam
S2.00 Quality Zibeline, S2.25 Quality Black Etarmne. -Z * — t* — ; — —. — ; — — — r— ~ — =— : at •»«» —,7a
K'.g££n 2«?f cLh zfii- A I QC s::k ecUhed. v/ry choic. Voile fl i ir $2.oo quality double faced 30-inch Peau de Soie at g1...-%ard
SSSw^SS^tniSrSArS S.Sf^S^iW^^S'wSlSrS Extra Special for 800 yards 27-inch Black Taffeta, a vcrv (gQP
Navy. Bir.»n. Caaior. Grwn, P.*- w * Imrl the l(Je«l material for fancy a=d ¦¦«¦ — lustrous and dependable Silk. well BnfflV
Sg-^S k A rep?rb cr * d * ZTSi*™'*™ 7 '' * r * Bd Va ' Ue a *' Monday Only worth $JOO on sale for Monday onh-./
VERY IMPORTAMT OFFERING IN WHITE BLANKETS AND COMFORTERS.
Right now is the time, when Blankets and Comforters are needed the most, and we take advantage of the active demand to make new sale records
by onering GREATEST PRICE INDUCEMENTS, relying upon the increased sales to make up for the difference in price.
" ANTICIPATE YOUR NEEDS IN BLANKETS AND COMFORTERS AND GET THE BENEFIT OF THE LOWEST PRICES OF THE YEAR.
WHITE BLANKETS AT A GREAT SAVING j GOOD COMFORTERS AT SAVING PRICES
Regoizr $4.50 Blankets, 1 Cft ftP Regular $6.75 Blankets, ) tM ftc Regular $1.25 Cinnforlcrs, ] 0 - Regular $2.50 Ccnhrters, 1 «* 0 -
w'Vth to aid ~tk] 1 . ' California. B^nketa. h«avy y- ith cotton. Great bar- _ . white medicated cotton; choic- F .
ir.ritt ro- ..' ...J Palr : twT.Ied tsA Seecy. Graa4 value j Pair gain 1 tecn ' ert coverinsa J
Regular $5.50 Blankets, l cn ftc i Rfjslar $9.00 Blankets, l tn _. Rega!ar $2.00 Comforters, } u - n | Regular $3.00 G:mfort?rs, )« n «.
2C»> rair» 11-4 ais« Trfcit.:*?* UK : !« r *lrt ef largest sir-LwU 1*1 15 cat ** * xtra Urs * f iz * r * I Jill l f > cases French Sateen Com- vV / "I*!
BaataU. *= «c«U«t gni'.f \J I \JU ! »*ite ai;- wool Blanket*, with UlfU C^^S^j, e ?^StJ^ UVU fortert - a t€auSifa i line lo AIVW
te * Vy fiteCi " *•*• P-i«- -^r 1 r>^ 5^- Immen "J Pair Each choc, from. Worth S3.00 e.chj. Each
THE BEST $10.50 WHITE BUNKETS FOR $8.50 A PAIR. REGULAR $6.50 EIDERDOWN COMFORTERS FOR $5.00 EACH.
A cr-it ofTeria« cf 75 pain verr Kri rraie Wfcite Blanket., from the beet California An oorortiinity to buy a fine lot cf Eiderdown Ccmfcrtcrs at cut rric-s: they ar*
rr.-'At: S« larrVl-ie; the toe«t •7'ec-Jd «U:e nd. Actual vaiae 110.50. sateen covered, perfectly odorlesg. ln choicett designs and are remarkable val je at *.. ca.
A Flannel Waist Sale I [ Tablc Linen and Napkins I [ Phenomenal Petticoat Sale
An excellent wearing quality that will give e ;
The M erand Flannel Waist , /^ f"/^ SOOd « atlsfaction - at s P^ clal P rlccs t°-™ orrow - of* New Yo^lar? ir &7
»a&?S5»5m^ig 72-inch Table Unen Worlh S1.00 for R r C 2? Hffi^ *£&K>
Vainea that you will delight to. T A* 07L Goo^ prad- bleached Irlrt Table jjj}' rnere fraction of the real vafues ° * X "
100 of the peiMrt and most C>C *' Linen. 72 in. wide, made in neat designs. "Vyarf Sade o? the h°ih«t |Sde Taffita. with pradnat-
fashionable \% a-^sts. made or . *0 Cf) |in»n Dinner MaokinS fw ft I OC *& accordion pleated flounce amd two ruffles; in
French gtasA C?^hed with pleated fronts anc 8/.5U UDen UlflPCr naOKinS TOT OI Qg aU the nfiw c »; iorlngS- a]so black; eve one « o^
backs, trimmed with the latest plaid Silica on These are full size, extra heavy. Ger- J)| D .., B them actually worth 510.50. On sale Monday...
front. Ftock and cuffs. AU the new colors are rep- man make, several pretty patterns toT.\ D , M « -*• 87 SO Each
resented. Sale price 82.5O Each choose from. Regular value J 2.50 dozen. ' J ' ¦¦- < ' tf ¦ - J<a S?.
——. - 7" COUJT.V ORDERS RECEIVE PnOMPT ATTENTION. . p| annp | Oj,!-
Two Lining Specials. € £} fmm£T% »«» -™ c ?^ l u ?
(too vtr4« r*-ca:::.^ Mo- r;rf»« Li=!rr i= a vait .^^ / ~. A lnR Flanr >el. The prettiest \ A}/y^* ,
-" : - all '' *ea*on-« a»=rtment ot »'.y>., VVifi^ d3rO9S&J& A A^rf&isb a JSL^XJr jf*lS% . Ftyles you ever harl an op- '"/^IirJ
vrUJ, -,, ...-¦. !*t^nj. merc*rf**4 i^rca- j^ tt&df&fW3Mi2&m/gk&rf&&&^&W**°A JmM. portunity to select from. Heavy Enp-
' 5 "• •-"' ::::•*. Indian Twill.. ,i!ver Mg/W^W^&^^^^&^SrJBfS^^^^W^V^U^^^ llsh Twilled Outinp Flannel, used sn
ity I* rjpej , & aott pep- la a'.l the lead- l> i--, ,f ,,^-** much for Waists, Gowns and Men's
ulw cmterUI :or drop ire aha<le« er.d black. Qj£^ J I I J. JIZ Jii^Hliliiji^ Shirts; in the choicest color effects,
sklrta ¦ Q^f * r -H h '-* r - tn<1 25c 14C • f r3^^KII Ep^ °»^"^ light, medium and dark; sale price..
«J«JV» | : eri 1 \. '' -l |IB ""¦ l • " 1*>U#. v-ini
AD V EKTISEMENTS.
ADVEB-TISEitZNTS.
pi CMBBM m— ¦ — — -^»» «¦ i ¦ i ¦ i m ii ¦¦¦¦¦¦' ¦ ii ,.'.' l^ ' _'_'¦¦ ' ¦^^g^__LS^__^^.^^^
Pxn Francisco. Sunday, S November. 10O->.
Another good bureau
at a small price
Made of oak, golden finish, and equipped with a
French bevel plate mirror. Contains two small and two
large drawers. Measures 40 inches wide and 72 inches
high.
At the price we are asking for this bureau now w;e
are enabled to economize without sacrificing quality.
Price $17.00.
'One hundred and fifteen different samples in our
dressing table line — half this number would be consid-
ered a good showing.
A dainty table in mahoganized birch with swinging
mirror for $12.50 ; one in oak, golden finish, at $14.00;
arid one in maple with birdseye top at $16.00.
More "snaps'' have been placed in the furniture bar-
gain window. They will probably not last longer than
to-morrow. Here's a sample of what you can get if you
come, early:
rA $10.50 imitation mahogany armchair, uphol-
stered scat, for $5.50; a $32.50 golden oak bureau for
$18.75 ; a $6.50 golden oak rocker for $3.75 ; a $20 cen-
ter table, green finish, for $9.50.
(Formerly the Calif o rnia Furniture Co.) I
957 to 977 Market Street, San Francisco i
I Special Bargain Sale]
9 ' *
5 A handsome solid oak Bed Set; gloss finish; French bevel ©
9 plate mirror. Your choic: of cither oval or square mirror frame. 2
S Notice the double top on both bureau and commode, thus prevent- q
> ing warping. Get our figures on other furniture, carpets and ©
• stoves and see how much you can save by buying from us, as we 2
? have no rent to pay and give our patrons the benefit in low prices q
j and easy payments. @
1 -—-—————— ®
I The J.Noonan Furniture Co. I
» 1017-1023 MISSION STREET, |
aooocc60oo900oo8»9008S8««oeoooe«09oecooeeoso»
AT • J^KfV Bl J* i
A I r oy? fiull OT I
MILWAUKEE. y
-A Good) Hand §
And a steady- one, for.lt means • ¦
sweet words *of approval. .-The ¦
"dispenser." whether host or M
dealer. Is never embarrassed by ||
the feeling that it won't please. M
There's QUALITY back of it— f|
Quality 'that means "Blatz" in n
every Elass.'*~Uniformly Pure j§
=- and Mature. n
Always tfig Same Good Old Blatz Eg
' Blttx Hilt- ViTiot (Kon-Intox) Ttnl) j|
, , Druggists or Direct.; ; y
Val. B!atz Brewing Co., Milwaukes. |
BrpsciweiEer & Co., inc. §
5 and 7 DRUMM ST., San Francisco. I
Tel. Main 1848. Wholesale Dealers. g
THE DOCTORS WHO CURE
SAN FRANCISCO'S LEADING PHYSICIANS and EXPERT SPECIALISTS \
S— WE TREAT AND CURE j
CATARRH. Nom and Throat Troubles. Nervwu Diseases. KMatr
and Liver Diseases. Bladdar Troubles. Heart Disease. Dtsuws ->:
the Stomach and Bowels, Plies. Fistula «aa Rectal L>tseaa»>. Feai,
Complaints. Chronic Diseases of Women and Children. Rlcksts. Spis-
a! Troubles. Ektq. Diseases, Deafness Asthma. Broachial aad Lass
Troubles. Rhnunatlsxn. Kay Fever. Neuralgia. Hysteria. Ear Dis-
eases. Goitre or B<c Keck. Varicocele, Lest Manhood, etc.: Blood
Diseases. Private Diseases. Scrofula and all fores ol Nervous aa3
Chrenle Disease* (that arc curable). yt , : -
OtJE MOTTO: A lorr fee. fiS*i<2S^ l V *
quick care, mild aaa psCalen JT ¦* 5^8iSv\ \
Co3»ultatloa In per«oa oi A*.
by letter fres to alt call or t®* lS2SaSi>
Dr. A. J. S h«r»«. C^ O LA }Q JoSliS
HOME CURES BY MAIL gL *W
Do not despair because you live at a distance from thec'ty. Dr*.
Shores' new tystem of HOME TREATMENT makes It easy t-> e-t
expert advice and treatment at home. Their d« w t yaptein b'.an* /STjc 'Jrfr;*
covers every symptom or disease which enables them to d:a*nc«* /^'•m/^-'iff'y' I
your ca*e and tell you what your trouble la. v»hst can be done for /¦ •L—fr*r/£f/ J Slf •
you. and -what tho cost of a cure will be. VTRI TE If you cannot &*\£!£atrJ t jf
call for their new symptom list and taks adrao tare of the FRFE >». j?Jr ?--¦**/* ,
EXAMINATION. Whether you take, treatment or not, «»• ad- \
rHt costs 700 cothlnr. Dr. 6 W 3ijrsi '
WEAK MEN PAY WHEN CURED !
1 If you suffer from any o! th* weaknesses We cure tcu first and then ask a REA.
or diseases caused by lsrnorance. excess or 60XABLE FEE whea you at» cared. Tea
eontatfon TOU ARE THE VERT PERSON ««n depend upen our word; thousands o*
WE WANT TO TALK TO. patients have- Indorse* us. NOW WE
We have proven cur skill ln curia* WANT TO CtTRE TOU with th« distinct
CHRONIC diseases by publishing th* mant understanding that we will not demand a
voluntary testimonials from horn* peopl*. FEE until we cure you. This applies to
giving names, pictures and addresses. Lost l!anhood v Seminal Weakness. Sp*r-
We Can't Publish Our. Cures In SSSS^un^ffiSnTSSS UJ£!
Private Diseases. rhoea. Gleet. Stricture, etc.: Coataxlous
Because « would bstray confident Henc, m^L™ 300 *** A "* ¦' EAKSKSB °*
we have to prove oar sklU ln thte class of OFTICE HOrRS: 0 a. m. to 4-30 p. m.:
troubles la another way. This is ear plan, Eveni=«s 6:GO to 3: Sundays 10 a? m. to IX
Prs. Shores &. Shores, Expert Specialists, 933^"^^^San Bernardino Pioneer Dead.
SAN JOSE. Nov. 7.— The Woodmen of
the World are preparing a big reception
for Head Consul F. A. Falkenburg. who
is to visit this city on Monday evening.
The Women cf Woodcraft will also take
part in the event. Mr. Faulkenburg will
arrive In the evening on the 8 o'clock
train and will be met by the Woodmen
and escorted to the hall. Woodmen
camps from Santa Clara. Mountain View,
Palo Alto. Cupertino, Los Gatos, Camp
bell. Berryessa and Holllster are coming
In force. Mayor Worswlck will deliver
the address of welcome. Mayor Schmltz
of San Francisco has been Invited to be
present and It Is expected he will come
down with Consul Faulkenburg.
Head Consul Falkenburg to Be Re
ceived With Ceremony In
San Josj.
"WOODMEN WILL MEET
PBOMINENT OFFICIALS
Major W. G. Hawley. the commander
of the association, presided at the gath
ering. The forenoon was devoted to a
social session. At noon a dinner was
swerved the members and this
they were treated to a supper. John A.
Dix and Phil Sheridan G. A. R. posts,
the Women's Relief Corps and the Ladies
Of the G. A. R. had charge of the ar
rangements of the encampment. In the
afternoon an excellent literary and mu
sical programme was rendered. Com
mander Hawley delivered the opening
address. Captain W. W. Goodrich, one
of the two survivors of the Monitor-Mer
rlmac fizht, and William H. Rogers ad
dressed the meeting. Adjutant General
Roberts of the Department of California
and Judge Buckles of Solano County
were the speakers In the evening, at
which time an interesting programme
was also given.
SAN JOSE. Nov. 7. —Old soldiers from
half a dozen counties are in attendance at
the annual reunion of the Central Califor
nia Veterans' Reunion Association,
which is being held this afternoon and
evening in Eagles' Hall. Several hun
dred Grand Army men and their wives
and families are in attendance. The Cen
tral California Veterans' Reunion Associ
ation includes veterans of Santa Clara
and the adjoining counties.
Old Soldiers From Central California
Counties Gather in the Garden
City.
WAR VETERANS MEET
IN AN ANNUAL EETTNION
Frank P. Piagemann. Charles L. Pierce,
George W. Phelps. Charles H. Bacr, A.
B. Sca'.rr.ar.!ni. Samuel J. Call. Charles
Edward HaMutzel. Deles \V. Smythe,
Georjre A. Sweigert, F. A. Alderman.
John Roll. William A. Cutler, Jacob M.
Cox. A. A. Wright, Wil'.iam Sexton, Emil
O. Hirsch. A. A. Bettens. Hugo W. Otter.
Judson L. Stull. Louis Sonnikson. Milton
A. Bulw&re. John W. Davy. David A.
Beattie. diaries L. Snyder, J. A- Chase.
Frederick Doerr. W. H. Krause. Adolph
J. Koch, H. A. Marrkres, John MacBain,
Wl!l!axn G. Alexander, Howard A. Alex
ander. William H. Jordon, John H.
Henry. John J. McEwen. Mahlon X.
Haines of Washington. D. C.
After the ceremonies the Shriners went
to the Vendome Hotel, where at mid
night an elaborate banquet was enjoyed.
The large d!nir.g-rocm was handsomely
decorated with flowers and flags, and an
•.rchestra discoursed music during the
f>ast. The menu was in the form of a
:>-z cap. Toasts were responded to as
'. Hews: "Our Guests," W. G. Alex
¦' si'Jcr. response Charles H. Murphy,
:;'.j=tr:cus potentate: barytone solo, H. J.
Nicholpor.. William Barnes, accompanist;
"The Novice?." William H. Jordan: "The
Phrh.er." Duncan E. McKinlay; song in
dialect. L. A. Steiger; "Influence of Ma
£O!i!y." Samuel M. Shortridge.
Tc-morrow the visiting Shriners will
f;»-:k1 the day In seeing the city and
county. Many will make the " trip to
Alurn Rock Park and Mount Hamilton.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 7. — More than 400
Mystic Shriners took possession of San
Jose this afternoon, and to-night made
merry &r taking a class of penitents*
ajzroes the burning sands and having a
royal feast. An enthusiastic welcome
had been prepared by the local Shrinera.
and hospitality was dispensed with a
free hand to the visitors. A committee
consisting of L. A. Spitzer, chairman;
C C. Marckres, secretary; Frank Vo
•heil, W. L. Woodrow, H. D. Mathews.
F. B. Bogart, J. W. Ellsworth, Dr. A.
E. Osborne. Albert Harris. G. B. McKee.
J. R, Kocher, S. H. Wagner and C. O.
H. MacBride had charge of the arrange
xaent*.
TI:e Shriners arrived by special train
abo-ot <:30 o'clock. There were members
of Islam Temple of San Francisco, and
many were from Oakland, Sacramento,
Stockton and other cities and towns. The
San Jo«e Shriners wer« at the depot.
Headed by the Fifth Regiment Band, all
the Shriners paraded the streets. The
Arab patrol of Islam Temple, under
command of Major Filrnor. headed the
procession. Behind them were the class
at penitents, and then followed Islam
Temple. The Arab patrol gave a display
of far.cy drillir.s a'or.g the street.
At 7:30 o'clock the initiatory exercise*
were held at Turn Vercin Hall under the
auspices of Islam Temple. Potentate
Charles H. Murphy presiding-. The fol
lowing were received into the order as
Nobles:
Special Dispatch t» TT*» Call.
Penitents Convoyed Acros3
Burning Sands Before
a Feast.
Gala Celebration Held
by the Order in
San Jose.
SHRINERS VISIT
THE GARDEN CITY
THE SATST FRANCISCO CALIi.' SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1903.
SAN BERNARDINO. Nov.- 7.— Martin
I-ogf-don. a pioneer of this county, died
la^t eveninsr. He iras 72 years old and
had lived here forty years. Mining 'and
farming were hia occupations and he be
came a conspicuous member of th« com
munity. He leaven a wife and two
daughter?. Mrs. T. Hicks of this city and
Mrs. Margaret Monroe of Baa Francisco.
21
P0##inn9#c AQp Emporium Advertisements are contracts between Sheet Music Table Cutlery
T , ! ;f f , anaSeffneaffr this Store and the Public. T*Cy Consist of SaiC at WC 3-piece Qrv:n S Set, Fi R ,t ,:eel ?s
Ladies' Black Petticoats of fine, qual- ajMU MfGirneaWOr • ¦ ±f JLK. **'„/,» 1 Half a dozen of the verv latest songs <0O_ handles, 53.50, - 4.C0, 55.00, <6.oo, $7. 50.
ity mercerized »teen, two for December carefully stated facts- the truth plainly spoken. f g wtoe celluloid handles- ser,«4. 5 o,ifi. so,
styles; one vrhh deep flare flounce, Now ready in our Buttcrick depart- Jk^ .-^^p. The ddts are: "My Pauline," 'My Co^ Pelrl-Handlc Carren— S«t, J9.50 and
with knife pleated ruffle set on, mtnt, main floor, under the ladies' -/Sj S^ * • nu J, L n 0U> " n' Lct A J C D^°" ? 1O - CO -
finished with two narrow ruffles and par]or . . *Jl£S'^ V>> X /.iW-.*^ J ;^ p™'^ V m •• ' Game Carvers- Stag and ceUu!o:d handle^
, ... , Jr~yO^" >^-\ * /» y AdSk >5* S tt B Sf.df,*^ "Mv Alamedi Rose, "La;v Sam. . , _ , . _. ._
•trapping, and one made with grad- The current issur of the Delineator V T^^ €J^f^W§^ jffj/ jS Jl J! Juts The »«w»tha .Manddin- Folio, jmt. re %%£ J* Handle TabTe Knives-Se? of 6,
uated accordion peated flounce, is one. of the- most interesting maga- *&£!^ $[ £ 3 M^^a/^/ $yM / W / 0 //^ M %^ ceived, containing 16 new select-ens for th: ji.50, $1.75, ?2.?o, J3.00.
finished with narrow ruffl:, trimmed zincs for women ever pub'.Lshcd; sin^e • - _. «m^ — r "^ 1 . mandolin, among them '•Hiawatha*' intrr- "• poultry Shears- Henckd's celebrated make
w.th fancy brad, are cff.red at copies !%C- yearly subscriDtions SI CALIFORNIA'S LARGESTr : _^ mezzo, ••Dx.eland March - "Two Cos-
special sale f.r Monday oniv, rach.SSc yT L slJC f r ,h n Tn ! t n r f i' jatf^^Jffigg^^^^ * S;F^ I$t acd 2d mand ° 11 " F ar:s > " ch Roast of Mutton Ho!der,-Ebcny or hern
X^p^mi^^ 0 - 11 "^"^ -« a C^^g^ 3£tft^MER.eA-S GRANDEST.STORE. ¦ J^.-,^ • ¦ ggc hand*, 5x. 75 t, 53-53-
Parisian Model Gowns, Wraps and Coats at Sacrifice Prices
These beautiful garments from the world's most famous designer^ having served their purpose* as< models, are now marked at about (in most cases) half the cost of importation.
8600.00 Dachesa lace sown $200.00 $500.00 black velvet jrown $200.00 $100.00 black lace sroVn $65.00 8115.00 Imported white coat S45.00 $6230 model white coat $37.50
S450 0O yellow «llk ?own $200.00 S350.00 Apricot broadcloth «rown..S150.00 S225.00 white chiffon if own $90.00 $325.00 imported white coat. ..... S30.00 And many other eo,tnme«, coats and
5225.00 white crepe irown $100.00 $175.00 imported Cecelian jrown.. $65.00 . $300.00 white maline gown $150.00 $110.00 model white coat $95.00 fancy drea» skirts radically rednced.
it's Time, Now, to Buy fssr Thanksgiving,, and We Have Prepared These |
Attractive Before-Turkey-Time Sales f®r Thrifty Housekeepers ;
WM%^- Fine Ghinaware Sale of Dainty Linens Table Silverware
flM. and Cut &Sass For HoiMay Taisi&s § For the Holidays
- ' it '^W' t,: c* r, • »• ,,-u- ¦ u a Fine linens, comprehensive in variety, durable, in qial- You'ii need seme of these article* for . >
r^W^I/'AW^ ity, desirable in style, on sale until Wednesday night, at Th«k,givin g «nd for ChmtmA and New <S^gr
~MMk. V'A ll iSRi abar « iinatJ 3o.oo, en £ aie Monday . $24.90 {he attractive prices quoted below. Many of theseitems ; car s - A: lh: P nces . we offcr thcm . for -— -^^S=z-^..
W^t^.\ <A \ A\ Bonbon or Olive Dish- Genuine cut glass, clear, bril i- ... , / _..... , ir| j a - ,, O 1, 1Q Uty+ \x?U* n w* hov* a > Y " C DOt t0 ° ex P ec5:ve to UJC cver / * a Y '*'?- gf^T. .¦¦L J r^>L 'it '
g/ti /SljiOJ^i i .«, and Monday oniv . . . $i.23 one-third and itioi e under value, but when- we hav.e a in thc vcar> S^l3^^ '
I'M//'' X M Vattr Bottle-Gcnune cut glass, nch de ign, ye-y de^ lj n ?n Sale We glVe bargains tO make it memOrabl?. Fruit Dish, with We-B^t quadruple plate,^ort- "J^^^*^^
lii'vFnK \ cut, m«eadof$3.co, Mor.day only . . . &<£.**& B | cathed Dern3S K Table Cfoih - 66 x 66 inch:?, D nner Napkins-Th: S3 00 dczrn kinl, for ed colors, fancy g!a £S dishes, complete for $3.5 O >«S=^>v
'SkMlf '/UH Cut Glass Bowl- Eight-inches acro« top, pretty ptrerr^ the j,. 75 kind, for $1.36 $2.38 Su g2 r Bowl and Spoon. Hokkr combined- Br« /^fS^\ *
tdW-l /¦J^\ bn iuntcutt.ng, instead of « 4 .a S Monday only^J.^3 Bletched D.'majk Table Coth-Satin finsh, Superior Napkins-Th: ; 3.50 dczrn kind, quadruple plate, sa:in finish -Sugar Bowl, wdi f/f?ijt\f£\S •
mI//' / L tmonac ' e^ et ~ Colorrd Bohcmian glass,/ with git pitcher 7 ; x 90 inches, the 00 kind . .$2.18 tor ..$2.78 bright cut engrav : ng, fkted with cne dozen ftnev j/'l ' ; t* > '^ ? :J|J fl»
tyfii / •'&&£>& * nd %iX Elai£C3 ' °" SllV " ine ' " ' ' $1 ' 35 Bleachtd Damask Cloth- 3 yard, long, the Damask Dinner Set5 _ Newand choice: . tea:.poon 3 , complete for. S4 ' 5 ° W^tifj/J /<***X
,y/j/j ffSZLrTinGJ China Cake Set— Flcwer decorations, large F late and fix SH° kmd > ™ • • • • • • • • *ti a -¦ yards djrh, with dozen nar kins J4-OO Bread Tray - Fn: quadruole plate, satin finish and VS^< *'* »y/J &£>»?XZ\
l~M KW$§8j ones, for $11O Fearl Bleached German Cloth -itf yard, long^ a^ y ards coth ; with dozen ra P kns5-*.5tl bumhhei, assorted Id^gns, each ... $2.OO i^^^^Sffl
W$^k )&C$!!& ( * ! Chocolate Set-HaviUnd China, pot in Ransom shape, „ Germln Tible 5^- 6 "^^ 3 >«^ cloth, wi:h doz. n napkln^-J.OO Bonbon Dish-Fine quadruple plate, fancy flower de.
Jv///ffff$iAS*M£&MK slx CU P* and Iiuccr8 ' flower decoration;, Rrmin gold ' »J Damask Sets— Superior quality, verv pretty pat- sign, in roli hed and the new. French gray fia- frjic^;
fflWWlll handlM * 7 " 45 ln1\ieSuSao^Thr;^.*ng^h; ternssclothwthdozennaokin,: . hh. . . $2.75 5 \S^<<
****&$ m$\\ I !l\\\ l V^ S<m ' Porce?aln Dirn " 5 thn and whhe is Ch ' :na - }, 00 kind fma'.l lot on y at . $2.O8 *% x > ard cIcth and na P kns • $7.75 Cake Basket, as illustrated -Fine quadrupl: plate,
Xtl/i! ' i llUia*w= da:mUy deccritei » IO 3 F'"«s, all full size, for . . $ 19 Tea Cloth - Fancy open work, yard square, in- . * l A * 1 yard cloth, wi-.h napkins . $8.65 , fancy designs in p.lshe! and French gray, each
-J*i&gm^-~ Same let for six persons, 51 pieces, with ,oup tureen . !tca d of 85c ' 58O *'/* \ 3Jg ?* d ?°*> Wl ? ™?'*™$9.5O ¦¦ ¦ g • • ¦ .'• . . . . . - , - $3.5O Jf& \//-/^<* Wfl^fv/
1 - $10.75 Demask Sideboard fcarf -Worth from 65c u F , 7* »eh bleach.d Dami-k, very fine, yard Butter Duh, as illu;trated- Fine quadruple plate, sat- M&?^X&^\V^ f^\fX
- yDU r choice of seven! kinds at . . . . 48t> $1.25 in, bright cut engraving, w th glasi drainer, each. . Cj^vJ V^SjB^i^?^.- J
Over 30O Sample pieces of CUt xlaSS, from the world's best makers, Tray and Carvintf Clothi— Nice damask, worth 7* 'nch bleachrd Damask, extra heavy, yard $2.5O V-W-ir X'-
, . r . r .... , ... w . / , . . . /.....„ a'l at one nice 2Rv • • $1m%iO IC'nch Tray, as illus rated— Fine quadruale plats, %?"**& Vt?***±al 1 S*
now on show in o^rbrilhanlly illuminated cut glass room on main floor. Bleached Dam.sK-Very good grade, yard R-co i»W f .atin, bright c eWd center! Z: « .
OU Bottles ... . : . J140 to $ 6.75 Sp;on Holders $2.25 to $ 4.50 $2.50 dozen kind $1.88 • • • • 65O _ ea^. h S2.OO
Sp:on Trays 3.25 to 6.50 Decanters 3.00 to 12.75 /T\ 1+3 Af 4f. V Ah' 4 4 U V / Tea Set— Fine quadruple plate, four pieces— coffie 3-Piect Dissert Set— Bes: quadruple plate,
Celery Trays 4.15 to 13.15 Tumblers, per doz 6.00 to 21.60 UO(3 LriOfiVS JVO liapRinS tO ViatCft ) gtllte a large pot, sugar bowl, gold lined spoonholder and cream style as pictured above— sugar, creamer and
Salts and Peppers, pair . . i.a S to 4.50 Water Bottles 3.00 to- 13.75 assortment. ZH POOd OllO-HtieS and 11CW fiattemS, at milch p'-tcher, two styles, polished, with beaded edge and spooner- satin rwsh,
R :s: Bwj 4..C0 to 1400 Wat;r P tchir 2.50 ta 22.50 . , '. V . ¦* . . , * sat n. bright cu: engraving; :« comp>t:. . . . brijhr cut ensraving, gfk 0^ m Tf CS
Pdnch Bowl. 26.5010 5..00 Mirror Trays. 60 to 9.C0 reduced prices during tlllS Sale. ¦ .*....... $12.00 complete set. . .. $O*/O
Ribbons at Half Price This $35.00 Instep-Length Safe Surplus Stocks
. We offer to-morrow one of the grandest, choicest lots SsMif $*&*% DO ' <ti<<^ Men's Overcoats and Suits
of Ribbons ever put on sale in this city. The lot in- «*•*« %p*m%*m+*** -WsJ&f' Bargains for Boys
eludes novelties made in France and plain colored ef- New sub of Zbdincs and fancy mixtures, entirely Cold weather did not come quick enough, so we find ourselves
fects, in both foreign and domestic manufacture, and the price we are going to new st y lcs and materials, mode.ed exactly as shown in A-/ heavily overstocked with men's fall and winter clothing— suits and
sell them at is less than half their real value. The assortment includes: i;lustration. 1^-^ , overcoats — from of the best makers in America. To reduce Our
Printed warp fancy itriped Fancy double printtd taffcrai, Plain b'ack or white satin If wc CCuM 8 , h , OW thlS SUlt t0 "'ery w oman in San /^\ stock to its normal Condition a big sale is now in progress.
taffett, No. 80. in fWr effects, 4J4 in. wide, uff.t., 4 in. wide. Francuco, n.would go far toward estab.ishmg uniformity / _g_ \ COfi Afi on/-l Ci*«^ (Ti^Ari C +-^ C f *«^
Fancy prnjed warp center Fancy printed fLwer effects . Ail white corded taffita, 3 of Style in walking SUltJ this Fall. We selected this' /M J"*f V CpZU.UU dnU rirlC CpIO.UU CXIla 11116
R:bbons,with^in. P la:nedge. on satin taff.-ta, ' 3 % in. wide. in-, wide. style as being one of the most sensible and handsome ' <WjJ^I S *» <tOO Qiii+o i°i -f- Cl^AA C *4-
Thousands of yards in thc lot suitab:e ior holiday fancy work, sashes, neck- designs of the season, and had it made to order by our fi*abttl\ ¦ -T \i VT Cp^^.OU OUlXS V_yVCrC03TS vplO.UU OUltS
wesr, millinery purposes, etc., on sale Monday on thc main aisle -« -p men tailors. " Jr-^fflfc&Ml NOW §15. GO NOW $11.50 NOW 39. 5 O
counter,, per yard M £ %, j icUt £ taffcta Hned * w ,i, t . Cape front, belt,, f^ZSTpfi For LttUe Fcltows-Jast now the Russian B:ouse Suit il on >£^
-..-> Z m mm' m 'm mm * " C " "° DS *SL ncatl y T mmm f d w «h velvet, in *fl thc hlgh o{ opulaHt Wc htvc thcm - , assorU
BBVHB2&B*it®6$ B¥3OtS&B flStS comr " tin S /?!°"- Thc ncw In«ep-len g th Skirt ».ye:. : *y- ' nent^oinc with Eton collar effect; others the narrow sailor Ti
t/BMMgjrtWU a^WT iriUWIFff UaCW*** vet trimmed. . - ; -*y collars, and in all of the asked-tor colorings; sizes 2^ to 7 U- f
' » «* WIT Really a $35.00 value, our special (te^GZ SB SB //fit I W.\ VM ... nrirp* C? nn . n c/f /in J^-r-V
-^^'I^li **IrB§g§BMiaBBy gSp ?™ -'jf iV-V JM Boys* Russian Overcoats $3.45 to $10.00 f\ j\
J^^^^^^^Sj 4S. tf*JSf% mOTl M- Women's Corset Coat WalKing Suits— In b!ac-k sy/ L f Pljl Norfolk Suits and 3-piecc Knee Pants- Suits— For boys 7 to 15 .' t\\ '\\
WO *TT%J'm HJF%Jf &4M®Mm Zibclinc, sizes 36 to 44, coat all siik lined yS Vf U |n»U yesrs; thc 3-p:ecc suits in brown and gray Scorch mixtures; . >I| \» t\
"^^^^^^^p^^^^ ar.d walking length flare skirt (gore effect) \ / lfl ?1\ thc Norfolk suits infancy mixtures, tasty patterns, winter \ \)\. >-\
MiHllMf $bfl 7 " un '' ncc^ ; mc(^i urn and ar g c si" women /fl 1 I f\\ weights and co'orings; choice of either style. . . Hi^^^F^
BMUJfuW %f?U B mvUtVjJ arc advised to sec this suit, as it is of exec'- s > // | 1 |A Youths' Long Trousers Suit— B ue serges and cheviots, fancy j
(/« French room, Second floor.) lent value at SI 6.7 5 1|\N mixturei and vertical striped effects, stricdy all woo 1 . mi!i. -y-^ptf
f Nice assortment of Gainsborough and Shepherdess Hats, MiiSCS'Mililary Corset Coa! SuitS" Light and dark l^BfcL/ \\ W. tary cut, for ages 12 to 19 years, for $7.5O >^Vflf
"Y^K ¦? designed by Virot, Rebcaux and Camillc Roger, blue gray mixtures, coat alt si;k lined, trimmed „ \V^ Boys' Overcoats for ages 6 to 16 years; Scotch tweeds and W& \\
] \^J P.ris, and other famous millincrs.magnificcnt creations with velvet and brass buttons §1R m 5Q *^=— »^ I _,^> J ' Oxford grays; full lengrh cuts; belted backs. .. $5.00 Q \\
. / ¥ in thc latest fashions, trimmed with large plumes, Child's yejvit SuiU for age, 3 to 7 jean; saUor Norfolk styk, in two rich l| M
/ *L . , , ..,,... °. r __ _^ ¦ - co.ors,Tiolet blue and mby red; a novelty exclusire with the W\ r^:^
/ "^- feathers and pompons, sty.ish and striking m appear. JB « m^m%4m **»**%. Cola big store, and marked only $5.OO 1
ance, hats that were originally marked up to < 40. 00 each, all^gj 7 RQ " "Ok** B Gb"C QjiGSwi^SsiBC G & S3BG Section 4. M?'*? &
reduced to close while there are Jti'l monthi of wear ahead^* M *%*V- Odd Lots of OttO and Two Pairs ' '
W^M^^^S^M&^^MM i ™s w eek at Reaucoa Prices Silks and Dress Goods ¦
saiiorhats, in the new winter colorings, and neatly trimmed; also bonnets j The before Christmas StOCK inspection n3S dlSClOSea Hiflh Class SilK Pattern Robes— Of which we have but one of a kind left in most
and toques, d-signed by our own skilled miliinen and trimmed with plumes, breasts and aigrettes, |n QUT drapery department SCVefal hundred PdYtiereS Of instances, each pattern containing frcm 7 to 8 yards (enough for full costume)
(^^ori/^T 00 ' nOWOUttlCat '' " ! ' ' * 6 ' 95 Which We have Only land 2 pairs, many Single CoUCh of finest silks. .gauzes, Crepede Chines, M dn-fralardi, etc./ marke^I to close at
— — — — -^— — — — — — — —^ —— —^— — — — — Covers, and also a large number of Table Covers of which we have J" st half price. ¦
Children's F"ineSt GaafS but few of a kind. According to our modern method of merchandising $*°- o ° patterns §io.oo S39.00 patterns $'9-5° $60.00 patterns S30.00
fl . , ; •- *1 ¦! . these small lots must go as soon as possible to make room for -complete § 2 4.°<> P««"» $12.00 $42.00 patterns $21-00 $75.00 patterns $37.50
anU JaCketS Half PrSCe lines, S3 this week we Offer rare chances io buy Portieres. > $3'-5° Patterns $15.75 $56.00 patterns $28.00 $+5.50 patterns $22.75
. , , :., . .. , ., . . , , Pni*tl**i***a in choxe colormiri and new TapeJtry T«.ble Covers, of wh*ch we have 52-lhch Flake Suiting— Extra heavy quality, 56-Inch Donegal Suitings— In neat dressy
A large number Of broken lines Of the highest gradeS a "nffhft wL *° o\ to JSU no™- ** few of a kind » werc 0 t0 SS-°° » combinations of black and wh.te, b: u = and mX*A\ in & newest colorbg for faU wear,
of best makes of misses' and children's outer garments, P <r F air. . . . $2.25 to &10.00 " ch / n , ow -«; • : 75c J° \93.sq .- * h '» e » v*r and . bl « k - brown and w^ ite i« c - • ™r *^^y^P ri « d at » y» rf - .• ..-*/-2s
r i» 1. i_ 1 -Lii-j ' Cui*tatn SzmniOS— Mus in with rut- handsom- matena. tor street wta- \d..7SO «A Inrh Tw,.H Ft"i hriw m, «f
of which we have only one, two or three of a kind, now marked half price Co Uch Cov.rs-In Oriental effect,, new and fle., for s,,h cu,!? tidies, aprens, c c, 56 . Inch scotch Mxtures- Medium w Sg h-f I £2r*J:SlZ™^^l
to Close. choice, that were Ja.oo to f^. 50 each— that were 15c, 25c and 35c, markel to neat er y- c t, $uiuble for tailor gow> s. and shown this season, here per yard.. . $f.5O
Garments that were $5.00 to $ 3 2. 50, now $2.50 to $16.25. now.. $1.50 to $7.53 ckse, each. . . . . . We, 15o 25c > walking s'tirts, yard $100 Section 1. Left.
Carpet and Furniture Sale I House-warming Time $2.5O Dolls $1.7O
Let Us Help You to Furnish Your New Home * Gan We Be of Service? • \ Monday Only
____ - In Harmonious Style at Least Possible Cost JL § lf -^ ," e dT S r^l
gr^S^*-^^ Whether it be a house, flat or apartment that you are furnishing, if JSIL SJcvm of ™r™-'<» «". ti! > « <j" ! hls , wlU , help you get your Lhnstmas Presents
Y^i^^iix^t/ y° u wisn us to do so, we will plan the carpets, draperies, wall coverings, y^^T^^ c< ? al . we « n '»pp't you. with the best of its ready early:
\~^jh decorations and surest the correct furniture that will harmonize with the MBM T^£.7J23ZS£ZJ*1 "4^p£ /^,
g^^^^^j character ot the building, the shapes of the rooms and the tones of the other igpi^l charged by exc'usiv; hardware storej. mache; i: his a beautifully tr.cdcici bisque lap"*^
fc^^^5*"B furnishings. |J|jJjl ' To introduce cur large assortment of c a. h:at- head with tlceping eye^ fhowing pearly J^S&J?'
.^g^^^T^^^ntas^sSec you are ' urn i sn ' n 2^ow, or expect to do so in a short time, or if you in e !t0VfS we offer iot Monday only* t;:t ' 1 » ani tuU wovea ""hair w. g s=wed
/Afi^ wish t0 Purchase some dainty pieces for Christmas gifts, much under regular r#K5$3 htfh E " dc cyiinc " h " tcr likc pic:ure> h " ? ne sh ° C ' **? r° ckings^ f ri'^RfcW
£ •; « d r vanta^ e of pur annual sale of medium and fine grades ) @Saff«®^ S^-^e n^u t'ner mad- f r fc" Si wcSd be a ui a: L t m,. A| /7 Vf
>ter^-r~?^i£. Fumiture and Carpets, Saving fully one-third. >7vl4vS-!W nomical and perfect eimku.tion-and com- at cur regular F ricr, J:. 5 o; a very *7///| \
(P^»;.i-!-.-Vm-.»w3i^ Dressing Table— Handsome golden oak Dressing Table, or rt -»,- pi«e with eight fe:t of our be.«t S a« tubing, s.-rdai value for to-mcrrow __ /y# I; .
f\ff ftl "^J^A^ r. ~ Brdstye mape or mahogany if preferred, large mirror, worth S15. CO, for &9m33 regularly « 2.50, fjr $1.93 ioT *&B . a VJ /ill \\ \
'iSQpl PedeS<aIS-G0\den Oak, weathered Oak, Or mahogany finish, The Best Radiator, -The celebrated- Victor, » h allies »U styles. D ; F I - 5 p - e t r ° ra ? c ""J ; V, B ; u bI , C baTl^nd ZS/JJ 1 \\
g^W 1 * 8151 "-^^ a regular S5.00 Size $2.98 ™' numerate herewitl .prices ,fcr comparison, and wilt .each .radiator F / . . s h,:. </ / H'l, Y
B» »-» »_ *-» »« ¦ •• will furn ; fh e cht ftet cf our b:$t ga; tubing, ntrci with rubber end-, { , ! •. • , , .^ •' t- " ] JL si
«C Bab y Cribs-Fu\\ size maple, kind that costs regularly ?3.75, m S ! 7, rgHnJ, ith,« extra charge. t^ ' VSl Wta <# m
>® each. •• $2.15 4-tuba low, full nickel plated radiator . S3. SO j [JJ*£ ' ' fgj Jsfn 5/5O 1«&
ROCker. UkO nlcturO-AM the Gotden Oak Sideboard, with good size mrrorj^Ha'l Rack-Golden oak, amost six fe:t high, i^^^^^'^.^fS^wSf 5"22 « '«• •• S2.1O
wcek^bUe quantity lasts, cobbler or uphol- k^ed, »g- «« «g F " nch b:v f led tlu I high', S "nickel 'platei "d'iVtor '. '. %5.50 ' Our Doll, wi,h tfuman Hair Wig, _ A . j£ ; .
rtered seat, quarter tawed oak, also.birch drawers <or cutlery and other articlei, bes.des . . '. . . . $8.5O Oi , H^T, Twentv-seven inchei hch smokel-a and I odorx s has great favorite?' with thc children, *s the hair can b: curled and done
mahogany nni.b, that would be r^rly n Zl? d ? z7^o»\tll ° ™«»S Bed- Hardwood, in goden «? » *» °4« *" ** ™V ««C ,uaT, 7 papier nuche
icr £4.35 V^^^m7 t^J*«u:*7 C O& w»ter f w«« 5 .oo t «r- p ,fa 53.95 •»«-«, beauti.-ul bs T ae head,, la.ee . and ribbon trimmed chemb,,
$W.OO All this week, Smith Axminstcr Carpels, sewed, lined and laid, and your £ £*„£ 2 GrOCeries—LlQUOrs only Y
Iron Bed-En«meied in white or pea green with choice of our entire stock of beautiful new jjf &%£f% can find in town DreaKIast Dacon-B;sr East- port or Sherry- Good four.
Srdt°a r : 3 y g n h. t^iS floral and Oriental de^ ns - p er .y- d • • • 3b§ B 2&€0 ZT^X JtyM^^®f*; I Sf. l £ . ?. . /sic T«"«^S;.iOTk;
Golden Oak Dresser, with large. French plate o f^ o f '^^Slitt^'i^^b'i^ wV H r" 5O F ; GhtaurdelB Cocoa - £U>. Chrb CodJ^"^
rarror, bereled coge, 2wa8 mche, Our tion with thi, annual oaring of high grade Carpet, we give you your- choice this week of the«: Wixird 0« Stove-- . fl g ' uns ,20o /^^^ u 0
e SI5.OO five ,ize, of choice Smyrna Rug,, in the newest patterns and color effects. . 9" «' SanoPn-Four cakes P5e National Club Whisky-Has age
3-Piece Parlor Suit— Back veneered in real m«- i 8x36 {neh r, c 0 R ., fl _ . * «/ /o ,0^^ Jn/<h « «!fJ Rud« fnr «^ R*% ,. nlC jf clci ' flO ° ' '~'^' ' ' •¦ ' 5a P° Ii0 r0UF "*" ' OO and body, full proof, hot. 75O
Up S^t"L St "^ ker - L if ii'o' 9xl2Bromle y Smyrna Rug, reaularly $22.50,lor $18.20 c^^B^^M^MsM?^ m^slp-^^Un,
well hnsn.a inm^. t-.ice. . ..&V.UU Second floor— Rear- '? _ • A very fine steel range for family uss fr ......;.''. . S34.00 -worth 5c oar, a 9 b;ri ; $1.00 h S =.00 borJe . . . $1.5O
As we have no way of antidpat-
ir.jr weeks in advance an unknown
fipmaiid. it would eeem that, the
only way to make certain of get-
ting this celebrated «et of pictures
would be to subscribe to-day. DO
IT XOW.
-AT THE OPERA" WILL BE IS-
BUED NEXT SATURDAY.
The Series In Gold (by Bryson)
hav» been criticized and thor-
«>u£hJy Judged and the verdict Is:
They are the most decorative and
attractive color work that has yet
been produced In America— and
should find a prominent place. In
every home. Remember, the first,
entitled "At the Opera," will be \s-
£U*d November 15.NEWLY CHOSEN MINORITY
LEADER IN LOWER HOUSE
OF CONGRESS.
ST. PAUL. Xov. 7.— A "WJnatpes. Manitoba
special to. the Dispatch says: It was erron
eously reported yesterday that Provincial
Treasurer J. A. Davidson was dead. Mr
Davidson is *Hlt alive, but death la expected
any moment.
CHARLOTTE, N. C, Nov. 7.— The nesro
Daniels, who was accused of the murder
of Fernlfold T. Simmons, father of United
States Senator Simmons, was found guilty
to-day and sentenced to be hanged on
December 1.
Death Sentencs for a Negro.
Sacred Effigies Are Damaged Whils
Removing One of the Pave
ments.
LONDON. Nov. 7.— Some of the antiqua
rian treasures of "Westminster Abbey are
being seriously damaged In the course of
the removal of the pavement near ths
south cloister. The flagstones and tomb
slabs have been piled in confusion on the
recumbent effigies which are almost
unique of their date in England.
VANDALS PLAY HAVOC
AT WESTMINSTER ABBEY
In any case, however, the letters arc
bound | to throw some wonderful side
lights not only on the character of the
late Queen., but on those of people who
have helped to make history.
The King has carefully gone through
the correspondence and many letters
which might prove intensely interesting
historically, but which might be embar
rassing to personages (Still living, will be
held back for some historian of the future
to deal with. ' '
LONDON, Nov. 7.— Jhose behind the
scenes are saying that the publication of
the late Queen Victoria's correspondence
from 1837 to 1861, to ¦ which ' thousands -of
people, are looking forward, -will prove a
distinct disappointment to the majority.
, The King has "commanded" A. C. Ben
son, a son of the Archbishop of Canter
bury; to edit the work; and Mr. Benson,
who is a master at Eton College, is leav
ing the famous school for good next
month In order to devote himself to' lit
erature.
Great Care Is Being Taken <in
the Preparation of "the Cor
. . respondence.
QUEEN VICTORIA'S IiETTERS
MAY BE UNINTERESTING
NEW YORK. Nov. 7.— Mark M. Dob
pon, who for four years has been a con
fidential clerk for Auguslln M. Greer. a
banker and broker of this city, is under
arrest on the charge of stealing $12,000
from his employer.
Trusted Clerk Under Arrest.
CHICAGO, Nov. 7.— Music, the rattle of
a passing trolley car and accents of the
human voice were heard for the first
time in his /life to-day by 11-year-old
James CannorV. Tears welled to the boy's
eyes as, through the" medium of a wonder
ful machine invented for the purpose of
making the deaf hear, he heard the*words
"Papa", and "Mamma," spoken by Miss
Cornelia Bingham, principal of McCowcn
Oral School.
The occasion 'was the test of an appar
atus invented by Miller Reese Hutchison,
a young Alabaman, now living in New
York. It is said to be the development
of an Idea voiced by Dr. Graham Bell,
the inventor of tho telephone. The ma
chine used to-day is inclosed in a box
about two feet square and fitted with a
receiver similar in appearance to those
worn on heads of girls in telephone ex
change. The transmitter Is a rubber disk
about three inches ln diameter, in the
hollowed reverse side of which are im
prisoned certain gases, the composition of
which is a. secret of the inventor. An
eight-volt storage battery j a used to op
erate the device.
Special Dispatch to The Call
New Invention Has Re
markable Achieve
ment.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 7.— At the caucus
of the Republican members of the House
of Representatives held in the hall of the
House to-night Joseph G. Cannon of Illi
nois was unanimously chosen as the can
didate of the majority as Speaker of the
House. , This action assures his election
on Monday. Representative Hepburn of
Iowa was elected presiding officer of the
caucus, and Loudenslager of New Jersey
secretary. The roll call showed ISO mem
bers present. Representative Dalzlell of
Pennsylvania placed Mr. Cannon in nom
inations. After Representative Sherman
of New York had seconded it the selection
was made unanimous. Mr. Cannon ad
dressing the caucus said:
"Almost continuous service in the House
for twenty-eight years, sometimes in. the
majority and sometimes ln the minority,
has made me proud of the House of Rep
resentatives and proud of the people, who
make it, by their direct vote, every" two
'years. It is a representative body, voic
ing the policy of the majority and legis
lating for all the people. ,
"The Republican party stands for those
policies that have ln the main prevailed
since IS61, under- which in forty years from
a comparatively small nation we have
grown to be first among: the nations of
the earth; and sovereignty with us is the
people. The Republican party, being in
the majority, is responsible and is entitled
to the credit.
"Under these policies we enjoy material
.well-being, exceeding that of any former
period in our existence. The people never
were so well and profitably employed as
now, and consumption of the product of
each individual engaged In gainful occu
pation was never before so generous and
profitable to all, at the same time leaving
a surplus for future need ln the shape,
of capital which is better distributed |
among the people and much larger in the
aggregate than ever before.
"It is not strange, under these condi
tions, that a comparatively small, num
ber of people should seek to overcapitai
ize the machinery of production and ex
change. But the refusal of the multitude
to invest its savfngs in suco-overcapital
ization has destroyed fictitious values and
ffie recovery from local indigestion aris
ing from coneumption of wind and water
is assumed. .- . .
"Needed legislation was fairly enacted
under the lead of the Republican party
by the last Congress and the laws of the
country are being enforced by the execu
tive as the constitution contemplated by
wise . administration and through the
courts. • •
"Under these conditions, in my judg
ment, our policy should be to consider
and enact proper legislation covering the
convention for reciprocal trade between
the United States and Cuba; to make
generous, 'not extravagant, appropriations
at the regular session' of Congress for the
public service; then to' adjourn and re
turn to our homes, and the people, set
ting the seal of approval upon our action,
will do the remainder, working out their
own salvation.'
"I thank you for your action in confer
; .. • ' : '.'- . ¦ f .
CANNON CHOSEN SPEAKER.
Select Officers.
Republicans of the House Caucus and
HEARING COMES
AS BY MAGIC
ROME, Nov. 7.— To his habit of bathing
each year in the frothing new wine grown
on his estate is due ttie death of Char
rere < a wealthy farmer near Aosta. Char
rere believed that his plunge in the wine
insured a year's prosperity for himself
and family. This year he entered his
cellar as usual. His sister followed him
some -timo later and, on searching for
him, found him unconscious in the wine.
In endeavoring to rescue him she was
also overcome by the fumes, and both
died before assistance could be summoned.
Fumes From New Vintage Over
power Italian Fanner and His
Sister.
BATH IN NEW WINE
HAS FATAL ENDING
' BERLIN. Nov. 7.— The ' transfer of
Prince Prosper von Arenberg from the
prison in Hanover to the asylum for
criminal insane at Moabit Is by many
thought to signify that he may in a very
short time be officially pardoned. The
Prince, who belongs to one of the most
•prominent families of the empire, was !
several years ago sentenced to a life term
In the penitentiary for murders which he
had committed In German Southwest
Africa. During the first month of his
imprisonment In the State Prison of Han
over his influential relatives tried every
means of having him declared insane, and
they have now succeeded in part, though
they have always thought that he would
be transferred to a private sanitarium.
The privileges given to the Prince during
h.s imprisonment were of such a nature
that he was practically allowed full
freedom inside the prison gates and that
circumstance has caused several violent
attacks upon the Government by the So
cialistic press.
ring: this distinction upon me. I pledge
my best efforts to justify your confidence
and I ask your co-operation, without
which I cannot hope to succeed."
A resolution was adopted making the
elective offices of the House in the Ia3t
Cqngress the nominees for the Fifty
eighth Congress. They are Alexander
McDowell, clerk of the House; Herman
Cason, sergeant-at-arms; Frank B. Lyon,'
doorkeeper; D. R. McElroy, postmaster;
Rev. Henry D. Couden, chaplain.
The rules of the Fifty-seventh Congress
were adopted for the Fifty-eighth Con
gress. It was decided that fifty shall bo
the number required to call the caucus. ¦
Friends Seek to Have Him Released
on the Ghround of In
sanity.
PBINCE VON ARENBERG.
MAY BE PARDONED
Bourbon Pretenders at Work.
PARIS. Nov. 7.— A committee has been
formed here to support the claims of Gen
eral Francis de Bourbon, Duke of Anjou,
to the throne of France. He is at present
in the service of his cousin, the King of
Spain. The Duke of Orleans, another pre
tender, has not been heard of in some
time, while the two Bonapartes, Prince
Napoleon of Brussels and Prince Louis of
the Crar's army, seldom come into prom
inence.
Polic© Trace Wealthy Cattleman.
SAN* JOSE, Nov. 7.— Leonard WIegand.
the missing ¦wealthy Nebraska cattleman,
for whom the police have been searching
for the cast couple of weeks, was In San
Jose Thursday. Chief of Police Carroll
of this city was asked by the San Fran
cisco police to help locate the man. It
has been learned that Wiegand had a
pair of shoes repaired at a shop on Santa
Clara street. He told the shoemaker
that he was golnff to Capltola. or Soquel.
CEDAR RAPIDS. Iowa, Nov. 7.— Mrs. E<1
gar CUrk, wife of the gTand chlet of the Or
der cf Railway Conductors of America, died
tofiay after a lcnr illness, f-he was 4D years
of axe.
LOXDOX. Nov. 7. — Sylvanus Trevail, pres
ident of the Royal Society of Architects was
found dead from a pistol wound on a train
in Cornwall »o-day. The indications are that
he committed Buicide.
Williams offered a resolution, which was
adopted, providing that the Democrats be
allowed one more representative on the
Ways and Means Committee, and that
the Democrats be given the same rep
resentations that they had on commit
tees in the Fifty-sixth Congress.
Baker of Xew York proposed the fol
lowing resolution, which was referred to
a committee:
Itesolved, That, regardless of the practice
c£ the Republicans, It Is the genre of the cau
cus that its members do not accept passes or
favors from the railroads.
tative John S. Williams of
Mississippi as the unanimous choice of
the minority for Speaker. This action
makes him the minority leader of the
coming session. Representative McClel
lan, Mayor-elect of Xew York, received
an ovation .'as he entered the caucus and
was congratulated by his colleagues on
Ms victory.
The thanks of the caucus were extend
ed to Richardson of Tennessee, th© re
tiring: minority leader, for his work for
the party. Richardson responded, thank
ing: his colleagues in turn.
Hay of Virginia presided. Williams was
placed in nomination by Cooper of Texas.
There was. no opposition. The newly
chosen leader responded in an address,
thanking the caucus.
The nominees of the caucus are as fol
lows: Charles E. Edwards, Texas, for
clerk of the House; E. V. Brookshire,
Indiana, serg-eant at arms; J. Julien,
Georgia, doorkeeper; J. D. Jackson, Ala
bama, postmaster; E. G. Bagby, Virginia,
chaplain; T. R. Hill. Ohio; James Eng
lish, California; A. Knight, George and
Joseph Sinnette employes. Except for
one of the positions of a Bpecial employe,
there were no contests.
W" ASHINGTON. Nov. 7.— The
Democratic members of the
House In caucus at the Capi
tol to-day selected Represen-
Williams of Mississippi
to Be Spokesman
for Minority.
Mr. Newton contended that Mr. Bryan's
duty as executor in rto way conflicted with
his other, duty under the will.
Judge Cleaveland ruled that he had no
discretion In the matter and had no right
to prevent Mr. . Bryan from, qualifying- as
executor. When the amount of the bond
was broached Mr. Bryan said to the [court:
."The -amount of the estate Is on tts face
valuo about $302,000."
Mr. Newton answered: "Mr. Bryan will
not appeal from the admission of the will
to probate. Whether he will appeal on
the court's decision to exclude the sealed
letter he is not required to state now."
Mr. Stoddard then began a speech of
further protest and explanation, saying:
"Your Honor has decided that that
sealed letter is not a part of the will.. We
shall insist upon the performance of his
duty as executor if Mr. Bryan is to act as
such. He cannot serve two masters in
this manner. If he intends to uphold the
law as your Honor has spoken it in your
decision, it will be contrary to the law
to undertake to destroy that will. By
taking appeal from your decision Mr.
Bryan undertakes a course for the ad
vantage of himself and his family. This
is a property affair. If that sealed letter
13 a part of the will Mr. Bryan's family
have a property interest, and unless by
some formal renunciation he puts beyond
ptradventure the question of whether he
will try* to take advantage of that sealed
letter he may also be considered to claim
a property interest. It is also utterly in
consistent for Mr. Bryan to act as ex
ecutor and at the same time take an ap
peal from the court's decision. If your
Honor should hold that that Is law, I
shall advise my clients to take an appeal
to test that matter."
"Then I enter protest now against Mr.
Kryan as executor," said Judge Stod
dard. •
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Nov. 7.-In the
probate court to-day AVIIllam J. Bryan
was admitted to act as executor of the
will of Philo S. Bennett, en objection to
him made by Mrs. Bennett's counsel being
overruled. The amount of the -bond was
fixed at $350,000. Counsel on both sides
indicated that an appeal v,-ill be taken.
Court proceedings opened with, a ques
tion from Judge Cleaveland, who presided,
as to whether counsel desired to be heard
oh the form of the decree to be entered
In the case. After some discussion" It was
agreed that a conference between counsel
on both sides early next week should db
termine the form of decree to be submit
ted to the court for approval.
Judge Stoddard asked jf counsel for the
executors would state definitely whether
Bryan intended to qualify as an executor.
. Mr. 'Ncv/ton, counsel for Mr. Bryan,
said that Mr. Bryan intended to qualify
and to act as executor.
"Then I want to know further." said
Judge Stcddard, "if Mr. Bryan intends to
take an appeal from the decision of your
Honor." ©
'Mr. Newton— That we shall decide in
due time.
Attorneys Will Confer as to
the Deoree in Eei
nett Oa^e.
Opposing. Counsel Bit
terly Oppose the
Nebraskan.
BRYAN TO ACT
AS EXECUTOR
DEMOCRATS
OF THE HOUSE
NAME LEADER
THE SAN FBANOISCQ GALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1903.
22
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i The dally use . of these lozenges will coon
tell in a much improved condition of the gen-
eral health,, better complexion, sweeter breath
and purer blood, and ; the beauty of it is that
no possible", harm can result "frdm 'their' con-
tinued ust," but on the" contrary, great beneHt.
. A Buffalo physician, In speaking of the bene-
fits of charcoal , says: "I advise Stuart's Ab-
sorbent Lozenges to all 'patients suffering from
gas In . stomach and bowels, and to ¦ clear 'the
complexion and purify the ] breath, • mouth and
throat; I also believe the liver Is greatly bene-
fited by the daily use of them;they cost but
twenty-five cents a box at drug stors, < and al-
though ln ponne sense a patent preparation/ ytt
I behe\ e I get more and better charcoal In
Stuart's , Absorbent, Lozenges than ¦ ln any of
the ordinary charcoal tablets." - •
It absorbs the Injurious gases which collect
In the Momach, arid bowels; It disinfects the
mouth and throat. from the poison of catarrh.'
All druggists sell charcoal ln one form or an-
other, but probably th« best charcoal and the
most for the money is . In Stuart's Absorbent
Lozenges; they are composed of the finest pow.
dered Willow charcoal, and other harmless an-
tiseptics In tablet form or rather in the form
of large, pleasant tasting lozenges, the charcoal
being mixed with honey.
Charcoal effectually clesrs/and improves the
complexion, it whitens the teeth and further
acts as a natural and eminently safe cathartic.
Charcoal sweetens the breath after smoking,
drinking or after' eating onions and other odor-
ous vegetable*.
Nearly everybody knows that charcoal Is" th«
safest and most efficient disinfectant and pur-
ifier in nature, but few realize its value when
taken into the human system for the aam«
cleansing purpose. .
Charcoal Is a remedy that the more you take
of it the better: it is not adrus at all. but
simply absorbs the eases and impurities always
present in the stomach and Intestines and car.
rles them out of the system.
Few People Know How Useful It Is
in Preserving Health and Beauty.
TH1 VALUE OF CHARCOAL
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IB
O
8I8-82O /AAPK^T 3T. 5Att FRAKQI5C0. |
EOSIEEY — 20 different styles of RIBBOXTS-— An - elegant variety of ®
Ladle,' Lace Lisle Hose. A varied g™* J^^rn^Tnll HI S
assortment of designs. Reg. price per yard; special ..19c yard O
SEc pair; special .20c 7SIlzsaB _ An enormous assort- f
MONDAY AND TUESDAY ONLY. in magpie anil Jackdaws • •
SHAWLS— Just received, a large Mad , e *° scl1 for 35c: special per^ g
consignment cf BHZTLAN'D 5 0
KT.OPS KTTATTT*? ah cnnnrii in COBSUTS — Extra high grade of a
™, >. ' , r,^ "' " Long-walsted Corsets ln black, all g
black and white o*ly. Reg. $1.00; sizos . Reg . ji.50*. special at Jj
epecial at 50c «ach ...75c each «*
SPECIAL— A SSTTMaiZIB'S SAMPLE LIKE OF HIGH-GRADE COB- 0
SETS. XX BLACK, SBAB AND WHITE. A VARIED ASSORTMENT OF ©
SIZES AOT3 STYLES. ALL IK FZBST-CLASS OKDEIt. OKIGINALLY ©
SOLD FOB $1.25. CLOSING THEM OXTT AT 50c WHILE THEY LAST. 9
UMBRELLAS! UMBRELLAS! UMBRELLAS! I
If yon are not prepared for the rainy season, don't bey before look- 5
lar »t our enormous Use of Umbrellas. Z
A larre line of Ladles' and Gentt' Umbrellas at v 50c O
Children's TTmbrellas, wood handles, steel rods, 24-inch frame; special 45c 9
Ladles' Umbrella*, large assortment handles, steel rods, twilled gloria. O
Hegr. 51.50; epeclal S1.O5 ©
Scats' Umbrellas, crook handles, steel rods, twilled rlorla, spring opener. •
Beff. 51^0; tpecial *. Q.1.25 •
ADVANCE HOLIDAY BARGAINS IN OUR TOY DEPT. f
ASK TO SEE THEM. •
WASTE-PAPEB BASKETS, 25c. 60c BOOKS, 25c. ©
Folfllny Waste Paper or Photo Baskets, The follow-In* books, with library •
Par.tJes. Chrysantbfmums, Rose». Mnding. fine quality paper and typ*. A
B«.bv Fkcea end Imitation Burnt i5c: The First Violin, Macarla, Kenil- 2
"N'ood 23c worth. Ardath. Beulah. Black Rock, The ~?
SOLL HOUSE 50c Deemster. Count of Monte Crlsto. East V
"}f*g ?fi?!ffL* 12 In ' hlrh> wlth j£L M »» on the Floss. Our Mutual Friend, S
Klture complete OOc Wormwood, Rob Roy, Scottish Chiefs, 2
EXSXFLEX TYPEWRITEK, 81.00. Reveries of a Bachelor. Sign of the Four, •
Thl« it the kind m .old TOO la<=t vtar- Tennyson. Vanity Fair; Wide, Wide 0
It back if you don't think It worth the V. 1^1 ' J" 1 ',' 1 Ma , I i, ra^ r f« A
WALL FOCIETB, 10c napped. Jane Eyre and 200 other titles. ©
5ff • »=«> MSTS OP JUTEKH.E %
la center in colors; rerular 25c valuea BOOKS. 5?
1^ «" ach VISIT OUB BOOK DEPAET- a
GO-CASTS OXT SFSOZAL SALE MENT — XT WILL PAT YOU. ©
TBia WXBK. TBUggS AT rACTOKY TBICZS. ©
KlflVES, , BAZOSS AND SBXABS GBOUZTS AND BEFAXBED. Q
PICTUBE FRAMES OP ALL DESCRIPTIONS MADE TO OBDEB. •
'©©••••••©o©©so©©o©»q©©©o©©©ee0eoc^do©»©©oeS
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NNnNnNNN Jb Quickly and effectively in all cases of Nervous Headache, Sick Headachy
SnnSnSNV Lumbago, Sea-Sickness, Car-Sickness, Irritability, Periodic, Bearing-Down
and Ovarian Pains.
SSSNNoNN '7 couId not K e t alon * without Dr. Miles' Antl-Paln Pfils. They tfve me almost Instant
SN>OOOOVs J relief from almost any pain. I glv« them to all of the children, even the baby, and we feel no
SXXNXNXN bad effects afterwards, as «ne does from most remedies." — 4J «_«**
NNNNNNNNj , MRS. IRA ALLEN, 201 Indlann Ave.. Riverside. CaHf.
\\\\S\\>f "Two yearsago I had a severe attack of Xa Grippe. a.rui -was under the doctor"* care for
H>CvvCVOV\H flve days without any relief. Th«>n I bought a box oi Dr. Miles' Anti-Ffcin P121». and flve Pill*
cured- me. A^«hort time ago I had another attack, but thanks to th» Pain Pills. I wu soon
cured, taking only three of the pills."— JOHN N. j'UBTTEMAN. Gleudale. Ore.
"I have used Dr. Miles' Anti-Pain Pills for a r.umber of years, and flnd that they promptly
relieve ordinary and neuralfflac headache. They give similar relief to- my wife. —
- D. B. BAKER, Los Anjeles, Calif.
"Once, and often twice a week, for years I have had spells of duU. heavy pains across th«
< forehead.- accompanied with pains in the heart, arm and shoulders. I find I>r. Miles Anu-**aia
M Pills very beneficial, one tabfet usually being suffle*ent g t •J^^^Jg^ wetland. CaHf.
"I have frequently used Dr. Miles' Antl-Paln Pills for Neuraljia, and they fflve «p««£?
relief. Also ln traveling, am never without them, using them to prevent drowsines* aa<3
headache."— E. L. SANFORD, Mgr. Etna Springs Hotel. Etna Springs. Calif.
MRS. M. S. TOBEY. "who was 11 years postmistress at Carpenterla. Calif., says: 'Tjn*£e"4
* long time from nervuon heaUachee. and very severe pain ln the back of my oecx. in. Sluts-
Anti-Pain Pills brought relief, for which 1 am very grateful. I aia pleased to recommend them
§§§$$^ Neuralgia, Rheumatism, Sciatica, Backache, La Grippe, Pain in Stomach,
Ague Pains, Indigestion, Dizziness, Nervousness and bleeplessness.
sSNANNSN^ "I have used Dr Miles' Anti-Pain Pills for XeuraJffla and Nervous Headache and always
VV\N>nNXV received orarnDt^relief iffe headaches occurred at intervals, usually In the morning and by
NSS^CVXVC SktnV a Pato Pill when ttwt «Snptom appeared, always prevented the attacks My husband
S§^| j£» <&* S n t P » m S'&ct&chJ a P nd says he coul^not^ along^g^SSe^. Idaho.
strode wSflTS fnfar^and 1 i^^^hKS^I^^S?^!!^^
The only thing that e?er gave me any relief was Dr. Mils' Antl-Paln Pills, which I hav used
NN^NNNX wi th satisfactory results for a number of^fr^LLARD. 98 Catllna Ave .. Pasadena. Calif.
\VVv\v\V ... u-.— k<. n hnthArM* fnr rear? with headache and dull pains. I came across some of Dr.
$$NS$$$; Mile? A a n V tf-Pa?n n the, -caTa,^gfe^j' S^S"" 1 *«* *
be Just the thing, and recommend them highly. —J. FRANK STER.NS. iSugene, ore.
sNNNNSnN^ "I was lone subject to spells of severe pain through the eyes and across my forehead— ;
Dr Miles' Anti-Pain Pills are sold by all druggists, 25 cents a box, under a
gSN^N^SN^N^ positive guarantee that the first box will benefit or money refunded.
~ -y^?-^f?^^sSl^srsss^by~^r^
¦pmHSS^^^sB^S^JtET^^™^,^ *^ jli^sT
I TJonght He Was Whisky's Master, I
if tt .' W1 ? en . a 1 ? an be £ ins to drink he drinks moderately §1
He instinctively knows that Alcohol is injurious to his 81
system. He sees enough drunkenness to realize that H
Liquor is an evil. He hears enough of the misery and (M
m crime it causes to recognize its insidiousness. Still he H
BE « oes «o tf earit. Most men, proud in the knowledge of H
L Jorcehil will-power, imagine they are too strong to ever IS
j get in Whisky's clutches. Every drunkard has thought W
| that ; every man who clinks his social glass with his H
j comrades is certain of his mastery over the cheering- Pi
j poison. But when he tries to stop! This is the time Fa
that the Whisky Bottle's fateful fascination exerts itself IS
j Those daily drinks created the appetite; tfiat tippling fffl
3 has £Own th e seeds of desire which is disease The 13
I r 0^ t , or . tured wHI vainJ y smuggle for mastery, but §1
h J he is fighting a disease which will power won't heal nor lH
r. promises cure, nor confinement eradicate. Nothing {§3
short of medical skill will triumph over Whiskv's hnlH fM
A on mankind, and . ¦ raj
I DR. J. J. McKANNA I
Li has proved conclusively to 12,000 drinking M
m men and the relatives and friends of these M
E| men that his cure for the Liquor Habit is Pf
14 absolutely safe, and permanent. ffl
y The Liquor Habit is treated at a pri- H
|^4 vate Sanitarium where patients are ac- m
H corded every consideration and the strictest If
H n \ 9 r * u M^ a . nna ' s tr eatment will cure the I
h P" 1 * "a*»t in all^ Its stages. It has never I
m Inebriet Perma " e ° Ure a * ingle case of N
I DR. J. J. McKANNA I
I 14 Geary St., San Francisco if
SB Telephone Main 1037. raL
Ij The Original and Only 3-Day Cure for the Liquor Habit H
Vl : .v. Open Day, Night and Sundays. H
n Sanitariums; Chicago Jll .; Kansas City. Mo.; Oklahoma M
J City, O. T.; Dei Monies, la.; Seattle, Wash M
- 1 OR. McKMWA'S BOOK ON ALCOHOLISM SENT ON REQUEST. IB
H i ggg^|6fjJS5j$fl|!gSfr, A MILLION AMERICAN NURSING i
a i^-K* »*'*^5PMB. MOTS^RS keep themselves and their ba- |
r^ fi^^«)?l&^TM bie8 ln s P lendici health with O ASOARETS |1
ft li§iKgHSR«§S^Wf» Oandy Oa thartic. The wonderful thing's ft
BJ iM*B&al&8MM&m 63® ° ASOARETS do for mamas and their I]
i babies havo become known through the |
Eg aSha \k >v nt * WOrt * a of those who have tried them, |j
S SSii? aiKi so the sale is now over A MILLION I
I y W VjflfcJBBr BOXES A MONTH. Mama takes a O AS- |1
m? I C\^ fc&W OABET . baby gets the bonsflt. The sweet, f
3/ i 1 *^ palatable tablet, eaten by the nursing rl
bJ i -jC*^^ mother, regulates her system, increases is
s HfcsbJ' t 1 © 1 ' flow ofmilk, and makes her milk mild- 11
B W/^ ly P ur K a^ ve - Baby gets the effect di- 8
p 4|. . luted and as part of its natural food:— no fj
M^ :: <<V* 'i^rVf - •¦.^N4w s Nin violence — no danger — perfectly natural a
m c^f^ T^-~"-*4<* results. No more sour curds in f
II <?^s* baby's stomach, no more wind colic, f]
B .-.•^^-'•N. / & \ cramps, convulsions, worms, rest- fj
m - ? i!.f' Jti?^'-?^ J less nifirhts. All druggists, lOc,25o II
§ '""I-* w, \-*ftsw^r>!» 6 0°- Never sold in bulk. Genuine ||
U " K<£~— ' tablet stamped COO. Sample m
| "They make as \f^— and booklet free. Address f
| feet so good." H^; JgA STERLING REMEDY CO M
I / \ Chicago or New York. |
§ ANNUAL SALE-TEN MILLIOE3 BOXES 1
luiuwLwjiuuMn Gr — e^* gn the World m m
ADVERTISEMENTS.thc southern zones in September, 1898.
while the formation of last
October, the initial footprint of- a return
ing maximum, lingered near the south
erly border of the sunspot region from
the Eth to the 17th of the month. Ter
restrial storms of air or ocean convey no
adequate impression of. the reality of
these tumultuous battlefields of heat and
motion on the vaporous sun. To state
that a spot cavity is ten times the diam
eter of the earth, that our globe would
be consumed . to the center if in contact
Thomas Gray was convicted by Police
Judge Fritz yesterday on two charges of*
obtaniing goods by false pretenses and
was sentenced to serve three months in*
the County Jail on each charge. He rep
resented himself as a member of the
Monarch Supply ' Company," a fictitious
corporation, and 'secured an amount of
coffee from the Salvador Coffee Roasting
Company.
Swindler Is Sentenced.
Commencing to-morrow we will sell
Ladles' and Gents' 13.00 and $3.50 Shoes,
in the latest style and all leathers, for
$2.15. These are new. up-to-date goods.
Don't miss this sale at Herman Leaser's,
915 Market street, opp. Mason. "
One Week Only.
have, resumed activity, which scattering
of. forces is frequently a presage of re
turning maxima. '
Harry D. Redd, a colored man. ww
held to answer before the Superior Court
by Police Judge Fritz yesterday on a
charge of burglary In $3)00 bonds. He is
accused of entering the house of Mr3.
Sadie Sullivan. 102 Silver street, on
Wednesday and stealing a revolver and
16501
Held for Burglary.
A. C. Dennlson, a carpenter from Loj
Angeles, 53 years of age. who was con
victed by Police Judge Conlan on Friday
on a charge of disturbing the peace, ap
peared for sentence yesterday^ Tne
Judge sentenced him to serve ninety days
In""the County Jail. Dennlson followed
Miss Mabel de lxmg, 18 years of age.
from the Central Theater to her uncle's
house on Clementina street, near SUfcjfe
on Thursday night.
Aged Hasher Is Sentenced.
A specially. interesting feature in a float
ing cavity of the photosphere is any In
dication that Its dark depths form a
whirlpool, according to the theory of M.
Faye, the French , scientist. A cyclonlo
tendency was noticed in several- spots,
the roost remarkable being those of Jan
uary," 1892, and April, 1S79. On August 25,
1804, the visible surface was in a more un
spotted , condition than for at least two
years and ten months previous. Thence
forth a spotless disk became more fre
quent, 'the' culmination being eighty-six
days distributed throughout 1901 and 147
days throughout 1892." Of these latter,
from June 12 to September 11, the sur
face was in a state of unusual quietude.
Occasional ; cloudy days, However, broke
the positive evidence ' that three months
of continued quietude had existed. From
1897 tracts not far from the sun's equa
tor were the scene of agitation, but with
in the last two years higher latitudes
The recent great spot, the largest in
five years, reappeared in due time on the
1st of November and, though decreased
in size, an additional outbreak in the rear
rendered It again visible to the naked
eye as it crossed the disk. There is good
evidence that many of the largest spots
were of long duration and came round to
View more than once, but complete identi
fication is: difficult on account of change
of form and position when on the unseen
side of the rotating orb. On a few occa
sions a disconnected stream of average
eruptions from east to west revealed a
wide distribution of activity. The most
conspicuous' case during the cycle oc
curred^ln the latter half of May, 1894,
when three-fourths of the circumference
was wreathed in spots from twenty to
thirty degrees apart. A lesser display of
streamlness took place thrice In 1895, once
In 189« and once in 1898. £*>>
for one minute with even the darkest
umbra, and perhaps in the fury of con
tending currents, might be ejected thou
sands of .miles upward, is but a restricted
outline of the possibilities of solar agi
tation. Dwarfed by a distance of 93,000,
000 miles, monster discoloration* of every
shape have, penned their stormy history
again and again on the photospheric tab
let, but as yet these hieroglyphics of the
sun have remained partly unread.
liair century, observations dating from
1619 established the fact that a large area
of the colar surface is profusely spot
strewn for a few consecutive years, a
condition invariably followed by a grad
ual decrease until weeks may pass with
out a single spot. These alternate condi
tions, known as the sunspot maximum
and minimum, form a cycle generally
lasting about eleven and one-tenth years.
Though the extremes are In marked con
trast, the boundary between them is not
sharply defined nor has it a permanently
midway position.
That the surface of a vaporous and in
tensely heated body, more than a million
times the size of the earth, should be in a
state of tumultuous disturbance accords
with the known laws of heat and gravita
tion; but when it was found that solar
tempests announce their presence by a
deep-hued stain, show a distinct prefer
ence for certain zones of the sun, ob
serve unexplained laws as to differing
rates of speed across the disk and main
tain a fairly punctual period of increase
Ruling the motions of the earth and
other planets by the attraction of its enor
mous mate, redeeming them from per
petual gloom with its radiance, the potent
orb is neverthless Itself dominated by an
unknown force so effective and unfailing
in its operations that scientific interest
has been keenly aroused during the last
colar activity has set in, stupendous
formations have Invaded the disk, and
during the coming years an unspotted
photosphere will be a rare spectacle to the
telescopic student of solar physics.
THE intermittent period when the
surface of the sun is but rarely
diversified with spots has at last
Elowly passed away. A renewal of
BY ROSE O'HAIiLORAN.
The first, one of the largest on record,
measuring 150,000 miles in length and 75,
000 in breadth, appeared inside the south
east limb on the :4th of February, 1892;
the Becond assumed nearly equal dimen
sions when it plowed the central tracts of
the southern hemisphere in the beginning
of August, 1S93; the third, with compact
umbra and enormous penumbra, tinged
GIANT SPOTS APPEAR.
My recorded observations were com
menced on the 1st of November, 1891. The
critical period in the career of an average
spot being its first invasion of photo
epheric whiteness, one aim of these obser
vations has been to note tho number of
times that this was seen to have oc
curred. A disfigured area, whether stained
by one spot or by many, is classed as one
solar storm when the sprinkling does not
extend beyond twenty-five degrees of the
sun's surface, which, being about the
limit of the largest spots, gives some clew
as to the probable range of a single dis
turbance. This method, though giving a
far lower numerical result than if each
section of a discoloration were counted,
avoids including any spot more than once.
From November 1, 1891, to the same date
of the present year, 1S03, the sun was ob
served and the results recorded on 2982
days, and according to the method of
enumeration adopted 811 spotted areas
were seen on the disk, during that time.
Two-thirds of the disturbances appeared
within the first five years, the remainder
being distributed over tho ensuing years
with decreasing frequency until Septem
ber, 1902, when a slight but distinct In
crease of activity set in.
During the maximum and minimum be
tween 1879 and 1890 the spottedness of the
surface south of the sun's equator was
rcore than double that of the northern
zones, according to Comstock's text booK
ot astronomy, and from November, 1831,
to the present date solar storms have
also been fewer in the northern hemis
phere, but in the lesser disparity of seven
to ten. Owing to misleading perspective
effects at certain seasons this estimate
was deduced from &67 eruptions distinctly
beyond equatorial zones. In which latter
accurate measurement of solar latitude
Is difficult. Of the entire number of spot
ted areas, namely 811, about • forty, up
ward of 60,000 miles in length, may be
classed as large, while solar tempests
which from depth of hue combined with
Immense extent may be called giant spots
stained the white orb to the distinct gaze
of the world at large on four notable oc
casions. .
EYE CATCHES FACTS.
The following account, based on solar
studies with a four-inch Brashear refrac
tor, contains the chief characteristics of
the period recently completed:
An interruption of some length in the
record, due to a Journey to obsarve tho
eclipse of 1900 having occurred during the
sunspot minimum, causes Iitte material
change in the outline. According to a re
cent careful revision of sunspot data pub
lished by Professor A. AValfer of France,
the minimum preceding this Just past was
at its extreme stage of unspottedness dur
ing the first months of 1S90, and as a cor
responding stage did not occur until the
summer of 1&02, this solar cycle has been
unusually prolonged. The last maximum
showed Its approach toward the end of
1891, continuing the three following years,
but though a slight renewal of disturb
ance was noticeable since last September,
It is only now, twelve years later, that the
corresponding stage of a returning maxi
mum is clearly indicated.
None of these theories, however, ac
count for the various complexities no
ticeable, while the eleven-year period
seems the most unsolvable of all sun mys
teries. Of late years maxima and minima
have been carefully studied in detail, as
only thus can further enlightenment be
obtained, and as every locality is more or
less subject to cloudiness, the combined
records of several telescopists are gener
ally requisite for a complete cycle of ot>
servation. '
and decline, the cause of these peculiari
ties became one -of the foremost of astro
nomical problems.
SOME FAVORABLE THEORIES.
Among many diverse theories the fol
lowing: receive the most favorable con
sideration: The dark areas may be the
result of a downpour of passing meteors;
or, in the climax of colliding' currents on
the seething surface, vapors may be cast
forth, and on descending again in a state
of comparative coolness, seem dark by
contrast; or, violent •whirlpools may fre
qeunt these zones most suited for cyclonic
formation, and by auction bring- down
volumes of cooler matter from, above.
THE SAN FB&XC1SCO--CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1903.-
Monster Cyclones and Vortexes Mysteriously
Caused, Into Which the Earth Could Fall,
Sweep Violently Across Solar Photosphere
GIANT SUNSPOTS PEN THEIR
STORY AMONG THE STARS
23
REMARKABLE ERUPTIONS ON
THE SURFACE OF THE SUN, AS
NOTED BY" SCIENTISTS.
PRAGEES
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ~
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Should any dealer offer for uu« imitation
diamond! and .reprewnt them to b« Sapph-
Dlamonds remember that these Kami can only
be procured at one place on the Paclflo Coast.
124 Kearny at., 6. V. I have no agencies 'on
the Paclflo Coeat except my ¦ palace at 124
Kearny. »t., where thU gem la demonstrated
and sold aide by ild« with real diamonds, and
never sold under electric lights. The motive
of the above precaution Is to protect the public
from procuring some Inferior substitute which
might b e represent^ to ' 6» this phenomenal
masterpiece of human* handicraft, the Bapph-
Dlamond. • / '
Tbla gem ia.cut by diamond : workers with
exact nqmber of facets, as the renutne. and.
Its excessive hardness causes It to receive that
high polish which throws the same prismatic
nre as the real, thus producing a luster and
brilliancy which by far outclasses all former
efforts ot science. Guaranteed to wear and re-
tain Us .brilliancy. ; . , > .
The Sapph-Dlamond appeals only to a claas
that would appreciate, a near facsimile of the
real diamond at "a "moderate price.'
Rubies." Emeralds. Sapphires and -Pearls of
almost equal modern construction. - Send stamp
for catalogue. * . c - -
Western Agency, 134 kearny at., 8. F., Cal.
J. C. DAVIDSON, World's Greatest Diamond
Imitator. ¦ . .
WARNING
ABOUT
DIAMONDS
The Question of why one man succeeds
and another falls, is a problem that has
puzzled the philosophers for centuries.
One man attains riches and position,
while his neighbor who started with
seemlnglr the same, and better opportu-
nities, exists In poverty and obscurity.
No man can win success who Is suffering
from an Irritating: and nerve racking dis-
ease and the man who has the qualities
of success within him, would be Quick
to recognize this fact and seize the best
remedy to eradicate the trouble.
A person afflicted with a serious case
of hemorrhoids or piles Is handicapped
In the race for power and advancement.
It Is Impossible to concentrate the men-
tal energies when this dreadful trouble
is sapping the vital forces. To show
how easily this success destroying
trouble can be overcome, we publish the
following letter from a prominent Indi-
ana man:
"When I received the former letter
and booklet on 'Piles, their nature, cause
and cure/ I was In a critical condition:
ulcers to the number of seven had
formed on the Inside of the rectum, cul-
minating in a large tumor on the out-
side resembling fistula. I suffered the
most excruciating pain, could get no rest
day or night. After reading the booklet
I sent to my druggist but he happened
to be out of Pyramid Pile Cure just at
that time. However, I obtained a part
of -a. box from my brother-in-law and
began their use. Five pyramids com-
pletely cured me. I procured a . box
later, but have had no occasion to use
them. I have been waiting to see that
the cure was permanent, before writing
you of its success. I believe Pyramid
Pile Cure to be the greatest and best pilo
cure on the market and ask you to
please accept of my grateful thanks for
this Invaluable remedy. I take great
pleasure in recommending Its use to any
sufferer along this line. You may use
my name If you wish for reference to
any one afflicted with this disease." J.
O. Littell, Arthur, Ind.
You can obtain a free sample of this
wonderful remedy, also the booklet de-
scribed above by writing your name and
address plainly on a postal ' card and
mailing it to the Pyramid Drug Co.,
Marshall, Mich.
Read and Learn How You May Pro-
cure It.
FREE TO EVERYONE.
PRAGERS
FKAGERS
PKAGERS
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Unequaled Values in Green Trading ' Stamps Great Sale of Linens
Dress Goods and SUks I GivenWithAllPurchases | fer ThahksgivmgTable
HP HE opportunities for bargains in this i - . i 4~\ NCE a year Pragers has a great bar-
\ department were nevir better than" jdL^d hrr s V^ K 8 " 1 sale of kinds of linens. This
they are at present. The season is jj ill • is the intro Juction, and among the
at its height for dressmaking, and with our W&*** ji ¦ -. j^ ~J goods offered will be found the choicest
immense stock and the great care used in MiZJ$% variety to be had anywhere. We want to
its selection, there arc splendid buying TJf TnUWpFI EsP& make this an unusual cvcnt that our cus "
chances. Every line of our dress goods l^^fc^ fM fiLJi§L lif Wz f$£ bSL *ZacJa tomers wait for, and if low prices and the
and silks" insures a big saving to our cus- l|j|I v^^ n&^P"'!!!^P* f***$r right quality of good3 can help any we are
tomers. DRESS COODS-Black. > ' H * h^^t^^^^w » a S£L%2 on thc " sht rOad tO a Breat succcss '
?1.00 a yard-50-inch black habit cloth; 1 A I^VAYS RELIABLE TABLE LINENS.
soft, luxurious finish. Regular value $1.35 ¥M. 19QQ_ 19Ki\ MAWK'FT 3TWjo.vti 20c a yard— 56-inch silver bleached table
a yard. VT'.l&iJO IfalUriAKilH jjjwwmww damask: worth 40c.
J>Oc a yard — 52-inch black cheviot; ' ' . 44c a vard — 60-inch snow white heavy
sponged and shrunk. Can only be appre- . damask: regular 60c quality,
dated when seen. Worth $1.25. Choice Assortment Of Fai\CV Goods 5»c a yard— 72-mch snow white heavy
63e a yard— 44-inch figured black ; ,pru- damask: regular 75c quality,
nella, in fancy weaves, for winter and f| OLIDAY articles will soon bean great de- 7!ic a vard— 72-inch heavy linen damask;
spring. A rare bargain. Jf"l mand in this department, and to make way regular $1.00 value.
Jfl.OO a yard— 42-inch black crepe dc forthem we desire to clear out a number a yard— 72-inch heavy linen damask;
Paris. Very silky and firm texture. of lines of staple fancy goods. It is with this in regular $1.23 value. ,- .
Only one piece at this price in thc house. *iew that the following is offered: $1.-0 a yard— 72-inch heavy unen dam-
Colored. . GLOVES. ask;rezular$ Rvalue
#1.OO a yard— 54-inch Scotch mix- $1.OO a pair— Real kid glove; two-clasp and NAPKIN*.
tures, a new material, which will be eag- Jne row of embroidery stitching. All ,$ew O5c a dozen — Heavy silver bleached nap-
erly purchased by those interested. Worth swell shades, including the latest shade of red. kins. Worth $1.25.
$1.25 a yard. • Warranted, guaranteed and kept in repair. A reg- 91.25 a dozen— Heavy silver bleached r.ap-
$1.00 a yard— ;o-inch colored Ama- ular $1.25 glove.' kins. Worth $1.50.
zon cloth. A complete line of colors; VEILS. v $1.65 a dozen— Heavy snow white nap-
used for coats and tailored suits. ¦ $1.25 49c each — The newest veil for the face; comes kins. Regular $2.00 values,
value. -in Tuxedo mesh with border of chenille dots. $1.95 a dozen— Heavy snow white nap-
50c a yard— 38-inch Scotch mixtures! We Black; also black end white. Special. kins. Regular $2.50 values,
have many neat patterns. Just the ma- RIBBONS. .*~' 2 * a dozen— Heavy snow white nap-
tcrial for children and knock-about suits. 25c a yard-The finest quality of all pure kl i« ,nnw whit* mo
SILKS. '. silk ribbon, satin taffeta. 3^ to 5 inches wide. *~ -£»* '"^"S
69c a yard— 19-inch guaranteed black Suitable for neck, millinery and sofa pillows. '"ftV. no , ,w,n Hmw <nn W wh^e nan-
taffeta. Worth 75c Regular 40c value. kinV Resula? li w^fJes
75c a yard-27-inch guaranteed black NECKWEAR. 83.50 a dozw-Heavv snow white nap-
taffeta. Worth $1.00. 50c each-Wc have taken 41 our silk, lace ki J T Regular $Too IS
$1.1S a yard— 36 - inch guaranteed and fancy stock collars, valued at 89c, and marked "ui-»jicTM*i-iiiri\ tari v rt <vru«
black taffeta. Worth $1.45. them at this price. They are all this season's HEMSTITCHED TABLE CLOTH5.
75c a yard — 20-inch guaranteed black newest and swellest styles, shapes and colorings. 7Oc — -*--* hemstitched table cloths. Sold
peau de soie. Worth 98c. Special. . regularly at $1.00.
The "HoneymOOI\ Coat" Most Stylish and Serviceable Winter Hats.
and Other Bargains in
($&%A ~**mmmm—mmmmmw—mBwm— ——****— J nto fl fcjg S p CC £ a l. The material is
>*7||»j|' Woii\eXl'S Winter Garments absolutely the best to be had in the S§5| jJ£*JA$£^
A 'luSqSifi — —^— " market, and as our own corps of mil- fe^T S*^ ?j2fe&**
JjliW&Zl: if~\ UR buyer, who returned from liners made it the workmanship can-
&^tisJL25 \J the East during thc last week, not be excelled. It is of shirred
>&lk. brought with him a large num- black velvet in the "Empire" shape
/L \s$\ ber of new winter stylss. Among and has a large white cut ostrich X^^S^ffjg^^^^^agg^
AWNJA\ them is the "Honeymoon Coat"— pompon and aigrettes. It is an ele-
/s£j\\ VAH New York ' 8 l atest * ad -' This coat is 6 ant » serviceable hat.
illustrated by the drawing and is one $8.00— A pretty navy blue SP^S$F?T h
Z§|p^ )% I of the most seasonable aarments beaver, trimmecl with two beautiful yKliti&y !/
/CVTrTT^TT d shown in years. It is particularly navy ki ue p i urnc s and bows of satin \ V "2^§- /
l\^7/J\\ i I I adaptable for San Francisco weather, ribbon. j|?« f *?&&£&/
i\UJ/ ! ' Ik Can M e . US^ f °i r 8t i ee tS/ V twSf 8S.00-A beautiful turban, made fe#^^^
% JJ " !^ T ar ; >*°l tr^J£ iSi^rfp^f of bIack malinc trimmed with bands Wffi&§&%W
I V/ V r afgr j ette a s nd "* I A
wlwL f I ''' ' I * TAILOR SUITS. ¦
V/l/Mx/ li li I \\ $14.95 — Beautiful suits, made of 1 -—-—---«-»«-««¦—-¦----»¦-—¦¦-—¦— 1^-«
If M V I I \\\( fancy mixtures and plain cheviots; Magnificent* DOllS. ShftP Snpriak
US All J I '/ new style long skirt and coat. This ~^ SllOe OpeCiaiS.
' %- Af >h suit is the best value ever offered by HIS week willfind a va- j
/T^^SviTTSv'Sm 'I this or any other house. Worth I riety of low price dolls as _ o „„ ,, , ,,. . , . .
J&mS&miWh. $22.^0. % * leaders in ouV big toy de- $2.50_Men s \ ic. kid or
/&&\ffl§xWWl! i TtWj $10.75— Many handsome styles at partment. Our stock of dolls bo ? ca ' r shoc3 : Iace - Goodyear
Aih«MWMffl{&»^ this price-in both fancy and plain ma- is nearly complete and show* wc^' ? oston , toe medium and
(&£^WwM&£& terials; all styles and all the newest one of the fin«t and best as- extension soles. They are the
$^2£i|Pr^ colors. Regular $27.50 and ?3O.oo suits. sortments to be had anywhere. latcst st y ]e in men s footwear.
Hosiery and Underwear Specials. . &sSK3!
v*f M «^ri.l lcatfier slippers. Regular $£50 ban necls *
Extra Special. va j ....... . I $1.49_A few line, in
50c Over 200 dozen fine lace lisle hose in ten new allover lace oat- . doll, dressed- women's shoes that we are
JVt terns. This is a lot we have just received and sell regularly in satin and beautiful little hat to closing out at a special price.
r~- ««./- - match with Iace tnmminrs. It -r«-«- ,-^.k \ r :~: \Xa i««-
for ,,c . pa.r. KNnvmzKWZAR . \ ha S s1«p,n K eye, aUo shoes and £SffiffiK&1$$5S£
25c a garment— Children's vests and pants and combination suits. stocking s sp . cciai reduced from $2.50.
made of heavy fleeced maco cotton; covered seams; colors ecru and • oc—16-inch doll, dressed in JV *
JTatural; sizes 1 to 4. • a "j n ™. d c *» l .° match.' It has $1.50_A fine wet-weather
75c— Women's combination suits made of winter weieht maco cot- m «£ aDy , m o a Aa S " t C1 shoe for b °y s ; satin calf, lace,
ff S!ff£r d riusiris.'xsr """ !i ' k " oe ' rimming: iSiUl^S 5|i|ffei.i Siza
Winter Styles in Men's Clothing. Clothing for Boys at Moderate Prices
SPECIAL arrangements have been made in the men's depart- /"> NLY the very best garments that we have been able to se-
ment for the handling of this great stock of new winter gar- X^J -cure are we offering our customers. The reliability of all our
ments that is now complete. Hundreds of new things are being statements regarding boys* clothing has been proved dozens
shown and at the prices we have marked them they are selling of times. We have the confidence of all the parents and have made
very rapidly. for this week a few specials that are very desirable.
SUITS. SUITS.
$11.00— Fine black Thibet or unfinished worsted, the popu- , $4.75^-Thrce-piece suits, jackets, vest and knee trousers in
lar suits for fall wear. Extra finely tailored. Broad chested coats. fanc y stripes and all-wool Oxfords. Ages 9 to 16 years. Every
• $14.50— Big line of Scotches and homespuns in the newest pat- garment worth $6.00.
terns. All hand tailored and serge lined, have hair cloth fronts and "' .oO— Long pants suits in a big ;. variety of stylish patterns;
are interlined with the best English shrunk canvas. Fine business single or double breasted coats. Strictly pure wool. Ages 12 to
suit for winter wear. I0 y ears - There is not a suit in the lot worth legs^than $9.00.
OVERCOATS. OVERCOATS.
' $14.50-Special line of black unfinished worsteds, black Thi- . *5.OO— Double breasted overcoats, made of pure woolen chev-
bets and Oxford Meltons in different styles. Some are S o inches |° ts and t w « ds - ?* cse a ! c the Iatest °£ a "u V< VCry bccomin S to
long, some 44 and others 38. Some arc serge lined, others silk the httl e fellows. Ages 5 to 10 years. Worth $6.00.
lined. All hand tailored and have the best Skinner satin sleeve WAISTS.
linings. > . 50c — Mother's Friend all-wool shirt waists, in blue and red.
¦ This is a special price. "¦
I o z i\Afdbo!PldKE
f hikedphia Shoe Co.
3 10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.
; Aijolniay CaU BtUldlag-.
I VELVETJULIETS
JED0CEDT09SC
Look •where you will, you can-
j not find the same bargains that
we ofTer you. And Why? Because
we sell the best styles and the
• best shoe making for the least
mor.ey. This is the time of year
¦we can save you money, and when
j you see the great bargains vre of-
I fer this week you will be satisfied.
Ladies' Beaver Fur Trimmed Vel-
l vet Juliets. In Red, G/eenor Black.
orr.amentefl with bow and buckle
and warm lined. Reduced from
jj ( 1.50 to ITlrety-rire Cents. Sizes
S to t; widths C to EE.
I ~~~~~
I BEADED SANDALS
I A natty article of footwear that
will please the ladies. a.nd at a
price that cannot be duplicated.
Vici Kid One-Strap Sandals, orna-'
mer.ted with cut steel beads, plain
¦ coin toes, turned soles and mili-
tary heels. The price only $1.10.
c Sizes 3 to 8; widths A to E. '¦
Worth More Money
Combines style and durability.
A shoe specially made for the Fall
trade. Ladies' Vici Kid Lace
Sho<?s. coin toes acd tips, common
s^n^e heels and double soles that
will resist the dampness. Our
price, S1.50. Sizes 2 4 to S; widths
t LEGGINGS
50 Gents
coughs and colds
warm. Black Jer-
full length and
fleece lined.
Child's sizes, 2
to 10, only 60
cents. Misses'
reduce! to 6O
centi. Ladies'
elzes, 2 to 8, for
Alaska Sea! Lace I
\ Every pair guaranteed water- k
proof. Uppers and soles Viscol- K
lied. Made with rounding toes t
and tips and heavy double soles. H
What every man requires for "Win- »
tor wear. Th» price, $3.00. All li
sizes and widths. g
B. RATSGHINSKl!
SFhiladdphia Shoe Co* 0
10 TSIED ST., 8an Franciaco. B
DT5TTCIICO FOR BARBERS. BA-
UilUuililu kerE « bootblack*, bath-
wxiwwaauw bou«*m. billiard tablta.
r>r*werm, bookblaaerc. candy-makers, caoaerm.
«5>«rs. na«r mllla. toundrlea, laundries, papar-
!.i.r.rers. printers, painters, ehoe factories
tUblersen. tar-roofer*, tanrser*. tatlort. «te. %
BCCEASfAK SB08.,
Srsjfe aiasulacturex*, 609 Eacramesto St.
P^1»i»i»i»n?i»i I- \~~WiMk
Each one of the above three lines ot figures ipells the name of a great city In tba United States.
This is a brand new puzile and can be solved with a little study. a» JoUowj: There are twenty-*!*
letters in tb« alphabet, and we have used Hcnres in spelling the cittea instead of^ 'J* 1 ?™- _j. L '5S.£ ™
number t. B number a. C number 3. eter. throughout the entire alphabet. IF* YOU CAS SKJClUIj
OCTTHESE THREE CITIES TO« MAT8HABE IN THE DISTRIBUTION
OF 111,000 WHICH WE ABE GIVING AWAY far doinz a little work lot ns. Th.s
you can do in less than on« hour of your time. This and other most Ilbtral oflsrs are made to iatrodaoj
ona of th« very best New York magazines into every homo in the United States and Canada. TV lu
DO NOT WANT ONE CENT OF YOUR MONET. Whea you have, made out the
I names ot tbesa three cities, write titm plainly on a postal card aad send it to us, and you wi.l M
from us promptly BT_RETirRN MAIL. It mar take an entire trrmine^»° "J<£ tjw three
names, but STICK TO IT AND TRY TO OETYOTXK SHARK OJ THE Sl.OOO.
A copy of this high-class MONTHLY MAGAZINE W1LLBE SENT FREE 10 every-
one answering this advertisement. Do not delay. Send your answer in imir^diataly. Address
ROBINSON PUBLISHING QO. t 24 North William Street. Nerr York Cltj.OGDEN. Utah, Nov. 7.— John Coffin,
aged 26, was stabbfd and instantly killed
last night at Huntsville. fifteen miles east
of this city, by Chris Peterson, a young
man of the same age. Two weeks ago
Coffin was arrested on a charge of embez
zlement by Sylvester Crow, father-in-law
of Peterson. At the trial Coffin was dis
charged, as the accusation was found to
be baseless. There has been ill-feeling
since, ending in a quarrel and fight last
night, during which Peterson seized a
knife and stabbed Coffin. Peterson was
arrested and brought to the County Jail
at Ogden this morning.
EMBEZZLEMENT CHARGE
ENDS IN A MURDER
Gulllett's Thanksgiving extra mine pies. Ice
cream and cake. 005 Larkin St. ; tel. East 103.*
SEATTLE, Nov. 7.— A special to the
Post-Intelligencer from Skagway, Alaska,
says: The most hotly contested political
battle ever fought In Alaska is now In
progress for the control of the Repub
lican convention which will convene at
Juneau next Tuesday. The contest is
largely centering around the issue of Ter
ritorial government, and is made all the
more bitter on account of the farcical
non-political convention held last week
at Juneau.
The primary at Juneau was conducted
amid scenes of disorder almost amounting
to rioting and the Territorialists were vic
torious, winning by a plurality of thirty.
Skagway, Halnes, Porcupine and other
Lynn canal points were carried by the
Territorialists, and the cannery vote will
be cast with them.
Great Disorder During
a Primary Held at
Juneau.
POLITICAL POT
BOILS IN ALASKA
The series in gold are llxM
inches, reproduced In exact fac
simile of the originals and have a
border 1^x2 Inches In depth of rich
gold.
They are new. and as they are
printed thousands of miles away
advance orders must be given In
ampte time to insure non-readers
obtaining them.
"AT THE OPERA" WILL BE
ISSUED NEXT SUNDAY.
Four bewitching types of Amer
ican girls by Bryson, reproductions
of this well-known artist's latest
work, are now on the presses, bo It
is only a question of a short time
when they will be issued FREE
with THE SUNDAY CALL.
This collection of pictures by the
greatest Interpreter of the Amer
ican Girl type Is beyond doubt the
strongest and most characteristic
of Mr. Bryson's efforts and marks
the full maturity of the artist's
power and his unique skill In de
lineating character and his ability
to create types.
Bryson's Bewitching "Ladies in
Gold."
LONDON,. 'Nov.'- 7.— Sir James Ritchie
was sworn in as Lord Mayor of .'London
to-day witft-the usual quaint ceremonies,
succeeding Sir Marcus Samuel.
Lord Mayor Takes His Seat.
Balloon Takes Prussian Into Prance.
BERLIN, Nov. 7.— Captain von Aber
corn of the Thirty-ninth Prussian Army
Corps with three companions while ex
perimenting with a military balloon at
Dusseldorf came down in French terri
tory yesterday In the ' Department of
Alseine. He reported himself to . the
Mayor of Fontenoy, who courteously ad
vised him to change his Prussian uniform
for civilian dress, as the sight In France
of his uniform ; might prove unpleasant,
which the captain did at a ready-made
clothes shop, and then took a train for
home. ' '';'V
SAN JOSE. Nov. 7.— W..W. Tumey of
Campbell, a prominent fruit .grower of
that section, Is being indorsed by the
granges of this county for the position of
fruit inspector under the Wright law. At
the meeting of the San Jose Grange to
day a petition was received from Camp
bell Grange indorsing Turney. Tho San
Jose Grange Indorsed the petition, and
after the petition ia signed by all the
other granges of the county it will be
forwarded to Governor Pardee. Tho
Wright law Is Intended to' prevent the
false branding of fruit and to see that all
fruit is branded with the true name of
the locality or county where it Is grown.
The gigantic scheme of the Bay Cities
Water Company to take water from this
county to supply San Francisco and Oak
land was discussed, and it was the unani
mous opinion of the grange that Santa
Clara County has no water "to be piped
away to other counties for commercial
purposes and that any such proposed ac
tion should be resisted to the uttermost.
Petition Is Indorsed for the Appoint
ment of Official Under Wright
Law.
SANTA CLARA GRANGERS
DESIRE THE INSPECTOR
Bow Ends in Shooting.
LEWISTON, Mont., Nov. 7.— In a shoot
ing affray In a dance hall at Utlca this
morning Chris Swanz was shot four times.
It is alleged by Tom Hewitt, arid late
to-night is reported to be in a critical
condition. The shooting was the result
of an altercation. Hewitt Is under ar
rest. - *- .
Hamilton to Judge at Ascot Park.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. ".—Colonel A. *\V.
Hamilton of Mount Sterling, Ky.. has ac
cepted the position of presiding judge at
Ascot Park for the coming winter racing
meet, which begins December 24. Colone.
Hamilton has officiated as presiding judge
at Harlem track. Chicago, for several
years past. For many years he was asso
ciate judge with Judge Clark of Louis
ville, Ky. Following are the .officials se
lected for the Ascot Park meeting: Pre
siding judge, Colonel A. W. Hamilton,
Kentucky: associate judge, Edward Cole,
New York; handlcapper and racing secre
tary, Edward Jasper, secretary of Worth
track, Chicago. Richard Dwyer' of New
York will act as starter, alternating semi
monthly with Jake Holtman.
New Food Product Demonstration.
W. G. M. this week at- King's, 22nd
and Valencia streets. . •
May Change Offices of Ministry.
PARIS, Nov. 7.— That the offices of the
Ministry of Colonies should be removed
from the Tuileries has been often de
manded, and many places have been sug
gested as new quarters. M. Chaumie,
Minister of Public Instruction, has made
formal request for the erection of a spe
cial building, which has been acceded to.
The new Ministry will be built between'
the Qua! d'Orsay and the Rue. de l'Uni
verslte, and will cover 7000 square yards.
The palace will cost $1,200,000.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 7.— George Hifde
brand, the well known left fielder of the
Sacramento nine, and his wife were
brought to the receiving hospital to-night,
both in a state of unconsciousness. It re
quired strenuous work by Drs. Hanna and
White to restore them to their senses.
Hildebrand and his wife reside at 920
i. street. Early this evening they visited
"Happy" Hogan and his wife, who live
in their neighborhood. They returned
and, as they supposed, lighted a gas heat
er in the bathroom. The gas failed to ig
nite and the room was soon tilled with
fumes, which were odorless.
Mrs. Hildebrand fell into a dead faint
Her husband ran after an emetic, and re
turned to the room only to fall on the
floor a minute later, himself overcome.
Other lodgers in the house broke into the
room and found the ball player and his
wife unconscious. They were brought to
the receiving hospital and are now out of
danger. /
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, Nov. 7.— Another welcome
rain began falling here this morning and
the indications for a big storm are good.
Reports indicate that it is pretty general
In the county and the farmers are ju
bilant.
MILTON, Nov. 7.— Rain commenced
falling here about 12:30 p. m. to-day and
indications point to a continuance dur
ing the night. This fain, together with
the storm of Wednesday, .90 of an Inch,
Insures a good start for grass, which la
encouraging to stock owners. • '•
SUISUN, Nov. 7.— One-half inch of rain
fell here to-day. It is clear and cool to
night.
SANTA ROSA, Nov. 7.-Rain began at
an early hour this morning and the indi
cations point to a heavy storm. The
farmers are ready for it and as the grape
harvest is completed no damage will re
sult. With rain earlier in the week the
precipitation for the season up to noon
to-day was 1.75 inches.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 7.— After hours of
threatening weather, the rain came down
in earnest shortly before 10 o'clock.- The
sky is black with clouds, the barometer
falling and there is every indication of
a heavy storm. The farmers and orchard
ists will welcome a good downpour, for
it will facilitate plowing and give the
grass a start. All danger of damage. to
grapes or prunes has passed. The har
vest is over and everybody Is ready for
the rain, p
• BAKERSFIELD. Nov. 7.-Late this
afternoon the indications of rain began
to appear and about 6:55 o'clock there
were light showers. The wind is now ris
ing and there is every .reason .to believe
that there will be a heavy rain before
morning. It is not thought that it is
likely to have very much effect at this
season.
Baseball Player and His
Wife Narrowly Es
cape Death.
Storm in~ the Interior
Cannot Cause Any
\ Damage.
FARMERS READY
FOR THE RAIN
LOS ANGELES; Xov. 7.— Two weeks
ago Walter Langworthy, a carpenter, fell
I from a house which he was shingling and
I broke his neck. lie was taken to the
! Receiving' Hospital and half a dozen sur
! geons who saw him asserted that his
I death was a question of only a few hours.
I He was conscious and asked to be taken
j home to die. His request was complied
l with and as tenderly as possible he was
conveyed to his residence.
The man was paralyzed from his shoul
ders down, but the expected death did
' not occur. Nourishment was given him
j by injection, and to the surprise of 'the
j physicians he began to Improve. Under
' an X-ray machine It was shown that the
I vertebra at the base. of the neck had been
; dislocated, the displaced bones pressing
; upon the spinal cord, but despite this
i injury he lived and his improvement has
been slow but marked.
i The tension of the muscles about his
| neck has in a measure drawn back the
; displaced vertebra, relieving the pressure
j to some degree, and this relief resulted
; In a disaopearance of part of the paraly
! sis. Now the doctors sty he will re
i cover.
¦ An operation will be performed to-mor
! row to reduce the dislocation of the ver
; tebra, and inasmuch as the spinal cord
! remains Intact It is believed that the op
eration will prove successful. The pa-
I tient has been seen by scores of proml
j nent physicians, who pronounce the case
' without a Darallel. ;
8peclal Dispatch to Tlie Call.
GAS IMPERILS
LIVES OF TWO
Los Angeles Medical
Men Observe Extra
ordinary Case.
BREAKS NECK.
BUT HE LUES
SPOKANE. Wash., Nov. 7.— Five ,hun
dred people watched Tom Andress drop
from a balloon at the county stock fair
at Pomerry. Wa3h., this afternoon.
Roy Williams, an aeronaut, was pre
paring to make an ascension. Andress,
his assistant, had finished superintending
th<? inflating of the balloon and was
crawling out of its mouth when Wiliiams
gave the signal to cast off.
As the balloon started up Andress was
caught in the ropes. The aeronaut, realiz
ing the danger to both, called to Andress #
to drop, but the latter could not extri
cate himself until the balloon was fifty
feet in the air. He then fell foremost,
striking the ground near the spot from
which the balloon had ascended. 1 His
arms were broken at the wrist and he |
was badly bruised. Physicians say he
will live if he is not injured Internally.
After Andress fell Williams ascended
higher and dropped with a parachute.
Special Dispatch to The Gall
Half a Thousand Spectators Witness
en Accident at the County Stock
Fair in the Town of
Pomeroy.
Terrible Plunge of Fifty
Feet From the Aerial
Vessel.
An Aeronaut's Assistant
Suffers Injury in
Washington.
MAN FALLS
FROM ROPES
OF BALLOON
Whit Ins G. Press, who is largely in
terested in the lumber business In lSu
rcka and Chicayo, is at the Palace.
KING MAN. Ariz.. Nov. 7.— Frank Kus
svIL formerly professor of anthropology
at Harvard University, died here this
morning. Professor Russell was a noted
scientist, and his explorations in the far
north are of world-wide not<*. He was
connected with the bureau of ethnology
and made many investigations among tho
Indian tribes of Arizona. Falling health
forced him to give up his researches, and
several months ago he' came to Arizona
and took up his residence on the Colorado
River. His body will be taken to Los An
geles for cremation.
Former Professor Russell Dead.
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 7.— An acrident oc
curred this evening about 5 o'clock by
which little Ivuella Simpson, the 9-year
old daughter of A. J. Simpson, is laid u;>
with u bullet wound in her chin. She
was making a visit to the home of Gladys
ICellar,* a playmate. Mrs. Kellar was
j>acking up preparatory to moving to I>os
Arigek-s. and there was a p!s=tol on the
bed whlfh belonged to a brother of
Gladys. Gladys thought it was a toy pic
tol which had been about the house. She
picked it up and in play pointed it at her
companion. How It happened to be dis
charged is not known, but a small bullet
struck the Simpson girl In the chin. The
wound i3 hot «ertou*.
Accidental Discharge of a Weapon
Injures a Youngster at San.
Diego.
CHILD WITH PISTOL
SHOOTS A PLAYMATE
Amnesty for Macedonians.
BERLIN, Nov. 7.— A dispatch to the
L»okal Anzelger from Sofla, Bulgaria, con
firms the reports that the Sultan of Tur
key may within a few days Issue an irade
proclaiming general amnesty for the Ma
cedonians.
'THE SAN .FBAE CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1903.
24
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FOR THIS WEEK.
Specials From Every Department.
The values 3re the kind that always bring crowds to our store.
Read the items carefully and consider the saving that it is possible for
you to make.
BIG SALE OF SILKS.
$1.00 Silks for 48c.
We are rather noted for our silk sales, but this one beats them all.
This i? a snap purchase by our New York buyer, which was just re-
ceived yesterday, and we hasten to offer them to you. The lot consists
of 19-inch Black Taffeta.' .20-inch Corded and Lace Stripe Louisines. in
iigh; grounds, also in navy and black grounds with fancy lace stripes.
2O-inch Striped Louisines, ground of navy, red, dark blue, green,
white and black.
19-inch Plain Taffetas, in mauve, cerise, purple, mais, lavender and
o'<J ro*e.
These silks are worth fully 75c to $1.00 per yard, but A Q
we will place them on sale beginning to-morrow (Mon-
day) morning, at
$1.25 and $1.50 DRESS FABRICS 69c Yd
This is an excellent opportunity to secure two of the most desirable
Fell fabrics at almost one-half their actual price. Both materials are es-
pecially adapted for the new style Ions: coat suits. <
The lot includes plain and fancy hair stripe Zibelines and fjenuins
Scotch Tweed Suitings, in the new colored knob effects. All the latest
colorings are included, such as grays, browns, new green, jiarnets and
black and white mixture. Every thread is wool and the widths fxQr*
range from 45 to 4^ inches. The price for this week will be.... t '- 7t '
All goods ?por*.ed and shrunk free of charge.
$25.00 TAILOR SUIT $19.75.
This is a sample line of dress and walking suits, comprising many
different styles. Some are made of Black Cheviot, others of fancy mixed
material. Both have blouse style jackets with long coats and capes over
the shoulders. They are a genuine value. Special price for QfQ *7 E
this week «pi^. / O
$6.50 WALKING SKIRT $4.85.
Fancy Tweed Mixed Walking Skirts, trimmed with bands of same
material, forming yoke around hips; 12 rows of tailor stitching O4 QtZ
at bottom. Special price for this week &rt»O*J
$25.00 COAT $18.75.
They are made of fine quality kersey cloth, have tight-fitted back,
cape over the shoulders and full pouch sleeve. Coat is silk-lined and
trimmed with bands of cloth and brass buttons. The colors are black
and tan, and the length .^6 inches. The price for this week OJQ 7f
$4.50 WOOL T WAISTS i $£50.
Xoveity Wool Waist, made of fancy mottled material, tucked front
?nd back and trimmed with fancy buttons. * The colors are d* o C/}
black, blue, red and green mixture. The price for this week.. $d*OU
35c CORSET COVER 19c.
Cambric Corset Covers, with low neck and tucked front: trimmed
with lace insertion: all sizes to begin with. Special price for IQ*-
this week i "C
15c SILK MALINE 10c.
We will place our entire stork of 27- inch Maline or Illusion on sale
to-morrow morning. Every poyi:iar sh^de is included in the color list.
including black and white. Special price per yard for this //l^-.
week 1UC
LADIES' 10c HANDKERCHIEFS 5c.
They are fall si?e initial handkerchiefs, and we have plcntv of every
initial. They have quarter-inch hem, and were bought to.be sold Cg->
at ioc — the price this week will be «?C
50c and 75c SILK and LISLE GLOVES 39c
There are about 50 dozen in the lot. The silk gloves come in black
only, and the lisle in black, mode, gray and white. It is a case of over-
stock — our loss and your gain. Price for this week on both lots 3Q~
will be O^C
35c CUSHION COVERS 19c.
There are just s\2 Cushion Covers of our own importation, direct
from Japan. The designs are beautiful, showing dragons. Japanese scen-
ery, and a large variety of Oriental ideas. Price for this week 1Qr>
25c SILK STOCKS 9c.
Pointed and straight, both black and white.
This is a o:ck-up of 10 gross that we got at a price and in turn offer
them to you at .1 bargain. If you make your own neckwear here Qr>
is a good chance to invest. Special price for this week
$10.00 PILLOWS $3.95.
A sample line of beautiful hand-embroidered pijlows, in conven-
tional and floral designs. Best quality of floss filling : former prices
ranged from $6.75 to $10.00 each. The price this week will be c* 3 QC
BATTENBiERG NOVELTIES
Continue to arrive dailv. and we are showing splendid assortments of
stole, cape, waist, collar and skirt patterns as well as rings, braids,
threads and everything connected with Battenberg work. We also have
a complete line of jewels, beads, wool and embroidery silk. In fact, we
have everything in the way of fancy work material.
I s tore. I I wor k- J om one °i the classes.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
S&j. STOMACH £»
We want all sickly men and
women to know that good health
will return if 1:cy will ,only try
the Bitters. Hundreds have found
this true. It always cures Indiges-
tion, Constipation, Biliousness,
Dyspepsia or Malaria, Fever and
Ague. Try it to-day. .
EmJtM&BRANIH)
I SPECIAL SALE 2£ §
| 1000 Tine Tailor- fVlade I
|..; SUITS AND COATS... 1
g Purchased by Mr. SImlnof f In New York 8
1 AT A BIG REDUCTION. I
g $20.00 Suits, mixed Tweeds ....... $15.00 1
1 $30.00 Norfolk Suits, Tweed mixtures . . $18 50g
0 $40.00 Fine Imported Tweed Suits . . . $25.00 g
8 SPECIAL IN SILK COATS I
§ Quilted Silk .Lining, double'cape, military collar; regular jo
§ $20.00 quality $13.50 1
1 | 1 SEE OUR WINDOWS \ |
•jj Wholesale Manufacturers «
| £^ M^2:1146 MARKET ST. g
A 50c Bottle of Liquozone and Give it to You to Try,
'¦ We will pay your druggist for a bottle of Liquozone and give it to you, if you need it.
And you do need it— either to get well or keep well. When we are so liberal, so fair
with you f wil! you be as fair with yourself? Won't, you learn what liquid oxygen can do?
We Spend $500,000 Kills Inside Germs
To Give Lrquozone Away | And Nothing Else Can Do It
This remarkable cKer appeal n in every great newspaper in America. The cost , l.iquozone— Hquid OTWjte't&a only way s " ms ! « th « *f*^
of the offer, we expect, will reach $500,00 3. We pay that price to convince those without killing the tissues. to|- Any drup tha^KUia f^™ 8^^^". «g »«
who suffer from germ troubles that Liquozone does kill germs. We will gladly r a ? n , ot b ? taken Im
pay for your test if you will let us prov 3 it to you. i inuoiSnoia "a germicide so certain that we publish on every bottle an offer
Our reason is this: Llquozone is new in America and millions who need It of siooo for a disease germ which it cannot kill. *et Liquozone is nothing but
don't know of it. There is everywhere suffering which Liquozone could stop. oxyjjen— the best thing in the world for you iKn^'fS^^^ffl^t-^ri
and sickness which only Liquozone can cure. In every hamlet there are lives —the most essential element of life. In *D* s "^Va^bles and an excess of ot»-
which Liquozone alone can save. Our plan seems the right way— the best way— aratinp. vitalizing, purifying. But e J^f v a / o e v^|tal matter excess or oxy
to quickly let the sick ones know it. gen-the very life of an animal— is . deadly to % egeb al mat ten
We paid $100,000 for the American rights to Liquozone— the highest price Liquozone goes wherever M Ks^mKd wK
ever paid for similar rights on any sclentinc discovery. And we spend 14 days can resist It. The results are Inevitable. A. germ d h^ ase D^^ el whTch have
in making each bottle, using immense apparatus nnd employing the best chem- germs are destroyed; nothing Is more certain tn a n ina_ t. s^ s " e * 212 disease*
ists in Chicago.- Vet we give you-a full size bottle and pay your druggist our- resisted medicine for years yield a 'once to Liquozone. And it cures dls ease,
selves for it. Your part is simply to send us the coupon. Then our only request which medicine never cured, for medicine cannot aesiroy me cause os a germ
is that you tell yqur sick friends what Liquozone does for you. trouble.
Just Oxygen. Germ Diseases. First Bottle Free.
Liquozone is simply liquid oxygen; no drugs, no alcohol These are the known germ diseases. If you need Liquozone. and " e^ er^I 1 ®* 1^^"
in it. It is the discovery of Pauli. the great German chem- Every trouble in this list is caused by send us the coupon below J.^ bottl?$?eS Snd 5Ji " 1? w
1st. who spent 20 year^in learning how to liquefy oxygen. S^nTW^^^^ 5§. »2^ t5
His object was to get such an excess of oxygen in stable to overcome the germs, and cures In that convince you; to show you what Liquozone Is and what It
form into the blood that no germ could live in any mem- way. But those results are indirect and can do. To accept it places you under no ODiigauona
brane or tissue. uncertain. They depend on the patient's whatever. , . . - , t
Liquozone does that. Oxygen is the blood food the tonic. .^.tlo^ And^h.™ -,n,e of^these gg
the scavenger of the blood. It Is oxygen that turns the most> neV er destroys. Liquozone does as we claim. We would surely not pay for
blue blood to red in the lungs. It Is oxygen that eliml- Liquozone kills all the germs, wher- a bottle and give It away If there was any doubt or results.
! nates the waste tissue and builds up the new. You could ever they are, and the results are lnevl- You want those results — you want to be^weil. >\ on i you
; not live three minutes without it. ; Yet an excess of oxy- table. It destroys the cause of the trou- let us. at our expense, show you the way.
gen is certain destruction to germs; and It is the only b^invmriably.^ the^rouble^t^e^must L l q uozone is sold In two sizes-SOc and «1. .
germ killer which isn't harmful to you. llst> the re s Ults are so certain that we i
That Js why we paid $100,000 for the American rights. send to every patient who asks It an ab- fl TT OUT THIS COUPON
We first tested It for two years, through physicians and" solute guaranty: ¦ vu * *-"-»* ¦¦ *»*f
hospitals. In this country and others. We proved, in thou- AbicSt-Anemla K*/n.y Dishes enX * for this offer m*y not appear asaln. Fin out th. Naaksaad
sands of the most difficult cases obtainable, that It never BronchuTs La Grippe mall it to the Liquid Ozone Co.. 221-220 Kinzla at.. Chicago,
fails in a germ trouble. We cured with it all the diseases Hlood Poison Liver Troubles .
which medicine never cured We demonstrated, beyond any "^ft^&V 6 Sany^HTa^^We. My dl »~" ! '
man s doubt, that it would do more for sick humanity than coughs— Colds piles— Pneumonia T have never tried LIquoione. but if you will irapply me a
all the drugs In the world combined. Then we staked our Consumption Pleurisy — Quinsy g^ tjo^ia j ne i w ju take it.
fortunes and our reputations on it. Colic— Croup Rheumatism
_, , : . ¦• <.'- : ; ,,. Constipation Skin Diseases
Liquozone is now indorsed by the best medical author!- Catarrh — Cancer Scrofula
ties. It is prescribed by every physician who knows it. It Dysentery— Diarrhoea Stomach Troubles
is employed. in every hospital where it is known. And it Dtsp^p"a~ Dr ° PI!Jr Tuberculo7ls bleS • ...
must be employed by those who succeed, for- there is no Eczema— Erysipelas Tumors— ncers
other way to destroy the cause of a germ trouble. Fevers — Gall Stones Women's Diseases
We are doing our part to let the sick know of Liquozone. pAuTdS^M. : f that betrln with fever-all ' * 'r^' ir.n 'm^m-^tVr^*T ' ""
We are spending $300,000 to give it away. If the. sick will inflammation — all catarrh — all contaslou* 514 Gl\e roll aaaress— wrrc« p.araiy.
do their part — if they will ask for It — those diseases which diseases— all the results of Impure or poisoned j
nre caused by germs will end. And they can rarely be bI< £f' n crvous debility Liquozone acts as a vl- Any physician or hospital not yet using Llquozone will
ended without it. tallzer. aceompllshinsr what no drur can do. be gladly supplied for a test.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pure, Pde and Sparkling. Bottled
Only «t the Brewery in St. Louis.
SOLO EVERYWHERE. }*
Hl^lir.i.; Mi; KCANXUL.*: CO..
Pacific Coast Agents.
f EXPERT OPTICIANS. /£^N
MAKE OCULIST'S Y\jl
* Prescription
EYE GLASSES f4
At Moderate Cost. v*J
d visit DR. JORDAN'S orcat^
OF ANATOMY*
A ££ 1:51 StASIZTK. lit. e:ii?i.X7.W. A
\ fcjr The Larrett Anatomical Muscva ia th« \
V Mj |lr> World Weakneucm or any contracted A
X. y?**Si disease p»«WI-.«-l 7 esr»d hjr tfco oldnt T
O IfSS ?£} I Specialist oa the Coast E*c j* yean. O
6 £*3£f & DR. JORDAM-DISEASES OF KEN 6
\ f £fs^J§ Coniulution free xsd strictly prtTitt \
9 i lSt7fl Trnitraent personally ft by letter. A A
\ fl W Si n Fa * u *** Cwr * la every ct» nademkea. T
API! llO w r.t? for Book. paiLO«ornV >f 1
V • I ll 7 ! HAnniASC. \iAiLB9 rxu. (XT
A ii u- valuable book for nra) \
/ OK. JOBDAS * CO.. 1051 Mark«tSt..9L F. f
O-^y^y^V^^^^^^. -^ -^
S33§3 WEAK MEN
lS)i * fe*rl DR. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
pcu ¦ i Til stcp3 all losses and unnatural di*-
3 charges In 24 hours. You (eel ta
in IPM improvement from the first dos>5.
fi? Sif[1 v * e hav « ao rnuch cor.fliienco In ouj
& t&A treatment that we offer FKs Hua-
S3 ISX9 dred reward far any case wa caa-
dSSZSLjhSi not cure. Th!3 secret remedy cur«j
lost power, nightly emissions, wasted oixmas.
varicocele. elect, strictures, kidney*, faillnc
memory, drains tn the urine, gonorrhoea, dls-
«ase of the prostate glands and all other terri-
ble effects of self -abuse or excesses, which lead
en to consumption and death. Positively cures
the worst cases In olj or younK of that mortify,
lr.c condition, quickness of the discharge, and
wanting to do. and you can't. Sent sealed. $3
p*r bottle, three- bottles. $3. Guaranteed to
cure ary case.
Call or Rrtdress orders HALJ/S MEDICAI*
INSTITUTE. 8W Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
Also for sale at 10T3Vi Market St.. 3. F. Send
for free bock. -*¦-'
Furnished House
To Lease.
A HAlTOSOXrTC RESIDENCE I2T THE
WESTEB2J ADDITION.
Kl.'trantly furnished, large, fine grounds,
coach-house, etc.
Apply ASJ1TOX & GARDINTIR. Agents.
•Ill Montgomery «t.
I RHEUMATISM ft&a
Helpless, Vhysioal and Financial suiter bo longer H
For information. write SAN LUIS HOT SUL-Jl
PHUR SPRINGS. SAN LUIS OBISPO. CAlII
Til, BOOF3 & GUTTERS REPAIRED.
AHItBACa ft MATTES.
PUJMBEH3 AND JOBBERS.
833 EOWASD ST.
Telephone Howard olXl "
Schools and Colleges*
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF TIIB
WEST. 2* Post *t.. San Francisco. Cat
Established 40 year*. Op«n entire y««x.
Writ* (or illustrated catalogue tfr*«j.Michael Dwyer. a carpenter, £2 years
old. livirg at the corner cf 'Hyde an<3
Jackson street?, died suddenly cf heart
disease in the City Prison yesterday. He
had been arrested fcr disturbing the
peace.
Prisoner Dies Suddenly.
i E. J. Sullixan. a real estate agent, and
I an office boy named Harry Ellis were
I arrested last night and charged with aid
ing and abetting a lattery.
' Some time ago Sullivan and Eilis pur
chased a building on Oax street contain
ing three fiats, numbers 1471, 1473 and 1473.
' A mortgage for JWOO was held on the place
Mrs. Burns alleges further that last
May he took her from a sfck bed and
carried her cat to their back ' porch,
where, because of her weakness, she eay3
MARTYR TO TEMPER.
Henrietta Burns wants a divorce from
Robert S. Burns because of bis alleged
cruelty. .She fears that her life la in dan
ger, averring that ever since their mar
riage tn October of test year he has
treated her in a most brutal fashion. She
alleges that he has frequently threatened
to kill her and that on -the night of No
vember 1, after he had betn absent from
home for months, he visited her .and
f rishtened her by his threats to use . a
large knife he had in hia hand.
According to a complaint for divorce
filed by Laura- II. Wichman against John
Wichman of 3324 Seventeenth street, she
Is a mental wreck because her husband
loves her no longer and whenever oppor
tunity offers tells her he is tired of matri
mony: that he wishes he were single,
and that If he had his life to live over
again he would not marry the best
woman on earth. She became h!s wife
fourteen years ago and was happy until
a year ago. when, she says, he inaugu
rated a campaign of abuse with the ob
ject of driving her from him and secur
ing th« freedom he says he is sorry he
ever gave up.
For the last year, says Mrs. TVIchman.
she has b^en a most miserable woman,
eolely because TVIchman never spoke to
her except crossly. She ccuid do nothing
that pleased him. she avers, her loving
attentions earning for her only abuse and
angry looks. He came home, she says,
only to sleep and eat, and for days would
not notice her.
Hattie Murphy's penchant for sitting
upon the lap of one Milton Rapp had such
a depressing effect upon Albert E. Mur
phy that he came to the conclusion that
matrimony with such an accompaniment
possessed few charms for him. Accord
ingly he sued Ilattis for divorce on the
ground of cruelty. Judge Ktrriran heard
the case yesterday and granted Murphy
an Interlocutory decree, flr.dins that the
lady's conduct was unseemly and unlady
like and extremely likely, if continued.
to worn" her husband into an early grave.
It was also shown that Mrs. Murphy
had frequently boasted of her lack of af
fection for her husband and had also wor
ried him by telling her friends and his
that he had once attempted to poison her.
The Murphys were married at Junction
City, Trinity County, April 7, 1331.
WIFE NO LONGER LOVED.
E. J. Sullivan and Harry
Ellis Are Taken Into
Custody.
ATHLETES nGHT
WITH FATAL RESULT
Slayer Is Arrested and Imprisoned
en a Charge of
Harder.
FRANKLIN," Pa., Nor. 7.— Clarenca C
Doollttle was arrested to-night, charged
with tho murder of "Willis M. TCtngsIey.
a local athleta and footb&H player. Doo
little and Klngsler engaged is. m. Csht
last rljht and Klsgtley was declared tha
winner after three retnuJa tad b««a
focgbt. Before he left the ring. Ijorcr
ever. It was discovered that h» had rc^.
tured a Wood vessel, and physicians •were
with him all night, but could not iav«
h!s life.
The theory on which th« authorise* are
working Is that after the match was over
and the principals' had shaken hasds
DooIitUa unexpected?- «trucSc Klngsley •
blow behind the ear, cacslns the rupture.
He Obtains Divorce for
Cruelty in Kerrigan's
. VIRGINIA CITV. Mont-, Nov. 7— The
list of dead as a result of th« fire In the
Krar«arge mine near here jestciday nun
brrs Hgttt All of the bodies have been
recovered, ir.ciuaing that cf Superintend
ent R. B. Turner, and four of them will
b« takfn to Eutte for Interment to-d2>\
No cause for the Crc has yet been
kamod. '.'p^rations trill be resumed as
soon as rrjiairs to the shift and mine
buildings have been made.
AH cf the Bodies Have Been Re
covered and Wiil Be Buried
in Butte.
EIGHT DIE TEL THE
KZARSARGE MINE FTRE
MURPHY'S WIFE
TOO SOCIABLE
The semi-final round of the Scottish
bowling tournament was completed on the
Golden Gate Park rinks yesterday after
noon. The only tournament match played
was that between James Gray and J.
McLachlan. Gray won rather easily, and
as a result will meet J. C. Moffatt next
Saturday in the finals. Gray led all the
wiy and beat his opponent 21 to 11.
A special practice match tetweea four
crack players was by far the best ever
played on the park green. The contest
ants were Thomas . McNaught and W.
Stewart on one side and John McLaren
and T. G. Aiken on the other. The score
of 21 to 20 and the fact that at no stage
of the game did one team lead by more
than one point shows what a great con
test it was. Another remarkable feature
was the fact that In the fcrty-one ends
played neither team made more than one
Gains a Place in. the Final Hatch
to Be Played Next
Saturday.
GRAY DEFEATS McLACHLAlT
IN BOWLING TOURNAMENT
The arrests will no doubt be read of
with much interest by the 7<)00 who pur
chased tickets. The scheme is supposed
to have been concocted in goort faith.
The promoter?, however, forg-ot ".at lot
tery drawings of any kind are against
the United States lawn.
by the French-American Bank.
The two men cot out tickets for 100,000
chances on the property. These they be
gan to dispose of around the city at the
rate of five chances for $1- Seven thou
sand chances had been sold at the tims
of the arrest? Sullivan and Ellis claim
that all the money ia In the French-
American Bank, and that they intended
to pay off the mortgage with some of the
receipts of their ticket sales.
The police got wind of the scheme and
last night decided to take the property
promoters into custody. They were found
at their rooms at 106 SteuUrt street.
The flats were purchased by the two
men from Wells Saunders for the sum of
$12,000.
One hundred thousand tickets had been
issued^ and the drawing was to be de
cided by" the official drawing of the Hon
duras National Lottery.
she was compelled to remain for several
hours.
Rachel Lefevre is seeking a divorce
from Zodcck Lefevre on the grounds cf
desertion and neglect. She alleges that he
abandoned her in July of last year, two
years after their marriage.
Matthew Sheridan has filed an answer
and cross-complaint to Clara. M. Sheri
dan's suit for divorce. He denies that he
ever treated her cruelly and says that
for the last three years he has been a
martyr to her fiendish temper. The day
before last Christmas, he says, she
burned his clothes- and cursed him. and
last April, as he was leaving for work,
threw a carving knife at him and told
him never to come back. He did, how
ever, and for his temerity suffered, for.
ho alleges, on the night of May 12 she hit
him en the head with an immense water
pitcher and then threw a drinking glass
at him.
LOTTERY SCHEME
NIPPED IN BUD
point at a time. The match waa woa by
McNaught axid Stewart.
The rrcfesscr pleasantly described his
n .X ticna Tirith the American press. He
-air! he intended avoiding the reporters.
bat his friends assured him that this was
impossible, arid nearer aciuaintance con
-: bfxn that they were polished, edu
cated He humorously related
the ca^e of a youthful reporter in Colo
rado who. the professor said, in tntwvtew
rr the latter, asked whether he had. in
- i -urgical cp^rations, "discovered tht,
Best -I tht soul."
¦¦.-¦- ¦ •_•. ' arythir.^ th*t !* wtr.ted aad
.- wiston to *e* America refrsrted a» th« most
. • ¦ f ul and mcf-i pr»-eralre3t lar.i tn tb«
N*veriheJt*». *e have r.o ground for
Ccr ir. the shary *c<?nrmlc ccntesti the
•l-.r.-.z-s haie eotce a-Ji-ar.ta^es ov»r the Atacr-
Hm latter r^ccsn!r»: the cf
;• rmans, calling tlicni the "Vaakees cf
T-Tirrrv. •'
BEHI-rlN. Nov. 7.— Prcfessor Johannes
von M?kullcz. the well known surgeon.
I cturfcss at Bre^lau ye5terday on his re
rtD to the X'nKcd States, said he
f'Hjr.'i more fruitful ideas among the
American surgeons than among the
Krtr.ch and Kr.c'.ish. He added:
Th« Unit is r**s?d ft« we wer<» the river*
,--,; ¦¦- a— ¦<¦:¦ -t *se r»c<ftv^r». T^.e Arneri
n:. darmewr fc«s &« a Coatexacstal f»«.ture
irJlrsxt«l :. :f- ¦ r.r,i'r.-<f. Tbe .^mrrlcaa be-
F;rcus Gtraan Says Yankee Ideas
Are More Fraitful Than Thcss
cf French or English.
MISTJLICZ PRAISES
AMERICAN SURGEONS
ioreigs Warsiiips Are Being: Hurried
to the Scene to Protect Lives
and Property of
Aliens.
Rebels Are in Possession of
All Points Except the
Capital.
': ¦• at Newport at Savannah to coal and
proceed at full fpced to Santo Domingo
The action follows advices of the serious
c r.<i!::or. of affairs there.
BERLIN. Nov. 7.— No German war
ships have been ordered to Santo Do
rr:lr.po from here, but the commander of
rhe German sc^aciron in West Indian
tv-ters may ha\-c- f?r.t a vc:sci thither.
.Th- capital is r.ow ihe crJy point in
r?5sessicn cf the Government. The
Catted States eriistr Baltimore arrived
*J:ero yesterday morning from the south
ind left three hours after for Puerto
Plata. The American Consul protected
Mtalgft the bombardment of the Macrols.
The steamer Cherokee discharged cargo
at Puerto Plata, yesterday.
It is thought that the Government must
currendcr in a few days.
CAPE IIATTIEN. Nov. 7.— The United
BtASci cruiser Baltimore has arrived at
Puerto Plata, on the north coa«t of the
epufcllc <f Sar.io Domir.50. Italian and
• JermajJ war? hips are expected at San
'."zrA-F*. the capital. The situation in
Santo Domingo is unchanged.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 7.— The Navy De
lu-.rtment has issued orders to the gun-
ST. THOMAS. Nov. 7. -The German
steamer Anien. which left here Monday,
returned from Santo Domingo this nora
:ng. She reports bavfas been prevented
discharging her cargo «.t Macrcls by a
Sorenaaeat r-nbeat which threatened
-.he beBbaaBacsS of tha port. The chip
•eat to the capital and discharged.
The President Is making great prepara
tions to withstand an attack of revolu
tionists, which 1* momentarily expected.
Be has ell tc!d 0O3 troops in the city, bu:
tbe city population favors a revolution.
EpectaJ ta Th<» Ca^ &aa New Tork H«r»:a.
Cepirrisitt. 1303, tr tb» New Tcrk Her
ald Publishing Ccrr.pac>-.
Gunboat Prevents Dis
charging of Vessel's
Cargo.
DOMINIGANS
DRIVE BACK
GERMAN SHIP
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1903.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 7.— Professor Willis
LC Moot*. «ctlr.r Secretary of Airrlcultare, to
day rr.ad* application to the War Department
to have th» Alaskan cabls touch at Tatoosh
Island, near the entrance to San Juan de Fuca
Strait. Th» island is used as a vessel report
ing station and weather observatory.
25
We carry all grades of Ladies', Children's and Infants' Muslinwear and Corsets. Nothing is "too fine" j
or "too good" or too expensive for us to have, but we also have splendid assortments of the good qualities of
\ low and medium priced goods, but they must have quality. These are underpriced quotations, which will
appear only in this paper. Sale lasts until these items are all sold: < .
LADIES' OOWSS. I.AJ3IES' DSAWESS. J CEILDEE^'S SBAWSSS. 10c. I LADIES" FLASTSXItETTE OOWSS. XOTAL DTTCHXSS COSSZTS. S3.00.
At 45o — Good muslin; full size; At soc—Cambrlc extra wide flounced Ages 1 to 4 years, good maslln. 10c; At 75c 81.00, S1.13 and Sl^O — E^•ery SoXO. S7.50. S13.C0.
tucked yoke and ruffled cuffs. iClTIX- «nl».'ndid oualitv hpm ages 6 to 10 years, 15c; 12 to 14 one extra long and wide and made Corsets that are corsets. In all th»
Drawers, splendid qualitj , hem- years, 20c. right; a full value in every gar- name means to woaian; our corsets
At 75o — Heavy, good muslin: high stitched and fine tucks; very un- . » • ment. are figure makers and comfortable
heck; trimmed with fine tucks and usual value. CHHDREJTS SSXBTS. 25c. „„.... because they nt Just right: no other
good embroidery. At Sl^O-Flnest muslin, cuality in i Z£?£' i o h gg. teh « i ° 5S$£? "«-O»«SffiS5S! 8^;% SS"' ** "^ *"*•
At 75c — A fine quality French rown; every stitch; fine embroidery and <toft and warm : as es 8 to ** years. ;
low neck, short sleeves: hem- n . r f,rtiv made • • CHTUIBSZf'S OOWITS, SOc 40c I , a £f s 4 }° «. years, 3Sc; the TOADIES' WAISTS— EXTEA TAITTES
stitched and tucked; very extra. perfectly made. BpieBdwSuS? wen SeJ neat em- «"al 50c quality. At «1J»-New. heavy white waist of
At 81.00— Three styles extra rowns. HAJTD-KADB DSAWEBS, S2.10. broidery edging; yoke of clustered CHIUSBJEH'S SCHOOL DSUESSES, vesthrjr granite cloth; very great
¦ S«^«"^^«S!i;^ fi r , T h br ,' c: " bl r- SI iS tI o y t h?,°w^^^,^S I c% ol K oi^-arw coats e« to wxo « w«« BP *-.' au -.
and low neck. trimmed; edged with lace: regular qualities usually sold at J2.00, The new stylish lone coaf wa-m styles; woolen, silk and heavyvesting.
KXTBA «M, w ««hM UU » ¦ PJ.O, .».; -^he Cali- .pecU! « S . 1 ».. il! . S ,. T,.r=h. te . r^V^foff^S^Sf^ aSp^^U»«i>£ j
Efiti rely hand-made. Of fine French SILSC DSOP EKIBTS, SS.OO. BABIES' SHORT DS2SSSS. S2J3O. XBtFOBTED CAPS POB BABXSS. i n batiste, heavy liner-, wool doeskin,
cambric our own importation: o ,™ * u Sample lot; slightly mussed, but very Direct front Parist of fine felt; these and lace. All are hand-made an«i
usual price J.. 50; "The Call" spe- Black, tan. brown. nav>. gray; these fine; ages i to 3 years; regularly are exclusive witb>us and very ex- exclusive with us. $15.00,82000, "
cial at 95.00 emch. are good silk and a good style. $4.50 to $3.50. Your choice. $3.30. cepUor.al ia style. 53.00, S7.50, 89.00. (30.00, 950X0 aad $75.00. <
•^T -VOGUE; CLOAK AND FIR COMPANY 2l7 S fl ».
GBAPE-rrCTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HAPPY DAYS
T>Tics Friends Say "How Well You
Lock/'
tllutt happy days are those when all
our friends say "How well you look."
".» <.en bring those days by a little
c^j-e in tne selection of food. Just as this
"i J-ad suffered from dyspepsia for three
ycara ar.d last tummcr was so bad I was
usable to 'attend schocl." he says. "I
wm very thtn and my appetite at times
•ru j" K^r. v.hile again It was craving. I
was d:rzy and my food always used to
ferment instead of digesting. Crossness,
ur happiness and nervousness were very
rros~.in*nt «-ytrptoraa-
"l-ate in th- suancr I went to visit a
sister ar.d there I saw ajid used Grape-
Nuu. 1 had heard of this famous food
l<fo:c, tut never was interested enough
to try it, fcr I never knew how really
P'XXl It nas. But when I came home we
::<v<l Grape-Nut* In our household all the
time and I seen began to note change*
in my health. I improved steadily and
am now elror.z and well ln every way
:.r,d zm hack at echool, able to pet my
IcKOttl T.ith ease ar.d pleasure and can
remembfr them, too, for the improvement
::i my mental power la very noticeable
I c**t good marks in my studies,
v hich ulways seemed d!f3cult before.
'I have no more of the bad symptoms
i tiheea above, but feel fine ar.d ctrong and
v »ppy and it is mighty pleaaant to hear
my friends say 'Hew cell you look.'"
Name given by Poztvn <>.; Battle Creek,
ilich.
Lock in raeh packa-e fcr * copy of the
Canute* UlUe U.ok. "Tbe Read to V.'eii-
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
JOE EOSEHBERG'S.
JOE R0SE1TBERGS.
JOE BOSENBEBG'S.
I h^&^^^^X^F^Sk nusiin underwear I
n ° TW0 PIECE5 ALIKE m^'^^ j
I m^A\^^^^?%i " .. " — N , -,i.,,,^ M ,, W v. H^ .*****<****** Write This in Your I
IfciSrW^ THE LOVELIEST LOT OF LADIES' MUSLIN UNDERWEAR THAT YOU EVER U% Memory book. |
§ &'^^^^§ PL^^^ ' Jfi Drummers' Sample Line. He was through taking orders on them, and rather than take them back home or East he sold them ! 5000 DOLLS \ j
g ¥S I /QfA to us at a ver y discount. Naturally some are slightly soiled from being handled, but a great many are perfect. '' ¦
ri- \^/^&%&&>tt& /Mo\ They comprise gowns, chemises, corset covers, white skirts and drawers. They are made of nainsook, cambric and lawns, A^ stjch i.o-w prices that
§ H trimm-d with the finest embroideries, laces, also hemstitching and tucks. ££ SS^oS?™ 2XPSCT T °
8 iC^Ky lli f^ffl/^Z&pfyi'j Brides, sisters, mothers and aunts, here's your opportunity to buy muslin underwear at far. less than the original cost. They are a European aaanraetnr-
1 m^^//^^Ml///fir^ We CannOt warrant how lon S quantity will last, so come early. «J Sg£fi5£fg^^SSiMSS I
iiWS/ r^^^Jl//l\ DRAWERS. GOWNS. CHEfVISSES. WHITE SKIRTS. Sr^tS?^a ?^S**SS \ Jfi£ I
j§ kffl "7 / / \SCV^\V\\>**!>nJ ' :5c quality, sample price .U)e 50c quality, sample price n4 c 25c quality, sample price 1J>C 50c quality, sample price 39c JiL e7 . *f e *?""!? U ?"^ S "^-',i^ Tl
9^ lls-l ! <^c quality, sample price '-T»e «5c quality, sample price 40c 50c quality, sample price ;{.">c 75c quality, sample price r»Oc S«^«' II* Srf?; fi
U ' 60c Q"a»ty. sample price 3.%c 75c quality, sample price r,o«- 73c quality, sample price 5Oc J1.00 quality, sample price 7oc vlt. tfl^T ?«^ tf^nrii ««>^^2 E
1 HL^ v^^^^ A11 ° r ° Qr Fal1 Underwear— the Good Umbrellas I Nemo Self - RedDCiD^ Cors8t - knd many others - Sd^nl?"^ £> SZTZZS |
IfSJsA Y^, Kind at Low Prices— Has tailed. The kind that wm ja^i^ JSiS 1 .¦S m th.«r ) a™ •• Jast ReceiYed. tera Sc^ J^ 1 " 0 . 1 i 2c H
h " '^'¦^ \ X J> LADIES* VESTS-Made of fieece-llned J^^^Z^r not blow inside out. sets they v.-ould never A new lot of INDIAN 4Oo Dolls now JJQc 5J
P ' ¦ Fcruvlan yam, high neck and Ions i*BZG&^=*£=+ L*ss than y<?u havo have a corset made to BEADED CH.VINS, In all th<» °°° S°H S now *^ii C M
ii <«„ InctpiH nf r ''r sleeves, liberal in length and width. In ¦<g£iSS c? '- ever paid for them. order. It's made of f /\\ new combinations of color- If'kf^f'i? 0^^ -"2 \\
(I 13u IllilCil'i Ul L\i\j. ecru or gray. if*&eB£^' ¦ rod. covered imported Sateen, boned f f \ I t ngs . 72 Inches Ion? and Sl.CO DoJi sow .oC {}
M 'CUSHION CORDS" — Full 3 s * yd*. PANTS to match, same quality as gMTl with fast black Italian throughout with unbreakable steels, i I fi\ I ra ad» cf six strands cf Aa4 miay otier«. M
m lsc»: made of siik-flnished yarn, with above ankle length 25c a garment \Kfe • twilled cloth, with nat- embroidered trimmed tops, self-reduc- f 1/ I* I beads, in braided effects; fin- Tor •«!• la our fcarsraia tMemeat. t\
M an extra large tassel. In different mi *-.*;-r- 1®*'" U 3 al od handles. At in* belt attached, relieves those who t « 1 I lshed wlth large beaded m , . , , B
!.| combinations of colorings. «uch as red Why ¥nt Bny *=> the Price Cutter's are physically weak, gives a graceful V/yV tassel. In black and white. Prudent Wflmeil Taia IdYllltaift Of i
1 and green, tan and brown, red and HUJf flUl DUJ 45c figure and assures a perfect fitting f green and white, pink and «UUGUl nullKU 10AO flaiOJiUlSO Ui M
J black and solid colors, at Joe Rosen- >?>. y^. One of these NEW dress. If you have had your corset g white, etc. etc. Our price.. ThfiSS OffPTin^S 111 SCitffS rl
1 berg's. "The Price Cutter." Prlce^ C j^L L A R^ and LadleS' Wrappers KOt tllS LOWOSt In ££ SrU? * 81 '°° wdSdiaS M
I Bam* B ».«n«t. ' ,™ %u£ m Uk a e Wee, M tie Very Best for £g ;•;; Si 'i>t%7«lu m or Watch Cliaijl - <- ¦ a * c *** « Er^*- 1
1 1? fPIlk /T\ these? Made of silk i the T flJ»ct 1 Mil PCOplC Mad© Tat and Fat FeOpia Made of a combination of rubles. ?«. « «V. ~ ?•;' NER. a Inches |
B X? VCU15 / \ taffeta and open- \ IUB LoabE. Mado Thin hv WoaiHntf ThflCO opals and amber. Ui the latest effects; !C > * i^-'' A - wide and o4 laches B
*f !^;^r^eI l^^ S tenenffe wh«l,: te K£ bW. ffi! A $£>&% ™<£* J^ W except in price Now 65c 1 open wag. W |
\t TnmZito'm Fikt IOwPrice 25c W n"^Ei^f c l= RTSSSSMKKaSS&o 1 ! fou N r^cL E^ o ?f K fi c n^eei C0n n^^^^ S^hfflS. %Sfe5 KKpfi 1^ I
Better lllDDOas DO Mt LXlst. COfflOare Ya ! QPS and YOn Will FlDd Mi white and wick and whlta c^r/ard ? n *«ven dlSereat bodkin, darning needles, shawl and hemstitched border 6DcH
LOWER PRICES ARE ,-- tUUlpllB Id.UM dUU IUU Hill tiUU JM\ fancy »trtp« * A ¦ perfect ig&S sizes to meet the requirements hat pins. At the Price_Cutter- 8 ...... REAL HANT>-MADB BATTEXBERG ¦
L-NKNOWN. We Are Neve" UnderSOld. ™%m wrapper InOt -and I finish ?: of all figures. It is light in ic Needle Book S0 ARF or RUNNER. 20 lnch« wide |
ALL SILK TAFFETA T 4ni ,.,. zintzr \f*i* «f f,.. v»,^v Price 81. OO and perforated with aluminum Wnthaiic I «nd 54 inches long, in floral and Grecian H
RIBBOV-In «atin and dot- Jft£ <*k Hltf* tifrif i «lt? «~ fast black ox.vv eyelets . , f you - re ln need of one come P 1 JflOlflerS I designs. Why ruin your eyesight when g]
fS&^SSa^iS: 5, just Recelyed. '^"mti /7\\ "^SS^T^S^ i^^SS. 'SS^^f'^.i
of satin finished taffeta, all jrf&CS TTavo Ym Qflfin tho T aHfoc' Radian \noth«>r lot of DRF 5 ?** cu T rT na HCOt 11C0. II •! ] Made of Jersey knit fa- heavy linen center and edged with 2- H
Hlk full 5 Inches wide, in S&X* tidYe IOU 5eeO IQ8 LaQieS flaglaD thit w Jold out In afcw ho^irv S5 HATS TRIMMED wh^n you buy your VI IF/ brie; it fits snugly over inch wide Battenberg lace; in round and H
black and white, blue and (K,^ u, nn o , -, think thev will last all djTvV^n'w^ DRAPE VEILS here. ][ Y the abdomen by a patent square effects. Instead of 40c. Monday's H
,« whtt*. rink and white. al.«o **~ ApiOD / a covered; larVe>i*e: with^a CeletaMe CHIFFON HAT DRAPE, 40 Inches \\.' stra P- Whe " you see price 25c I
lavender ar.d white. A lim- It covers your whole dress. . \i substance inside which is washable !onEr - hemstitched borders and chenille -^CJ , i them you will appreciate U
!te.J quantity at a limited price.... l."»c back and front. It is finished /*» and odorless Price wf dotted: in brown, blue, white, black. * * ' *' their worth. Prices.... d0m >M% T9>1iflC ? rTnc* SnniWTtPT^ M
SATIN DOTTED RIBBON-Made or with a ruffle at the bottom <*M A * ' „'.. black knd white, iso white and black! 2oC and a5c "*fcs«^ Lddlii IW-C cUypUUMa j
a!! silk taffeta, alpara finish. Corded and ruffles and straps over Ifl* SE33.il PflCeS in Ttl5 StOFS AfC Speclal «^c X^ At lower prices than yon ||
c^g<?. width 1X-: the soft ribbon: just for the shoulders; buttons In the ftS\ 1UJ . „ i* tT i I ° fll ° Inrttfcflu onil « T/iA/i Am Taa Cod Weathgl 1 Will SflOll Bfi Here M hav « usually paid. Ladies* 1
ralTliiery and neckwear: in pink. bine. back and also hes a pocket. &•&, Ha^ US SO BuSY AnOtflCr, anfl a GOOd UHS, TOO. il" 1U B "' Blif nlU 4 »-VVr r^rrr $$i slde Elastics, made? of fancy 1
maiz*. I-ardlnal. also black or white: It is made of checked ging- ||3S „ . V, , t , , U0JF ' LVDIES' HAT DRAPF-40 Inches not buy your FLANNELETTE B\- trUled elastic, with doubl* g
real worth S and S cents. The money- »^an. You will appreciate o Here s a Corset with Hos« ion' m-de In fancv dotted ctom G P^DS now. when you cart buy them fi»| button c i asps: , n p 1=!c . blue. I
Sftli^.W .ITrrp^rT,, p^S^i^S The Hew Goman, Seir-Reductag Hose |
f- '\ t^'^^'^I} tuns Antomolnle Ba<s or Wrfct ™ h v'S tKSkVT 0 "^ W Mad, . n T«x™. . ""L V-v. child-s oows»-m^. .r .wSS Supporter. n
¦ « 1 velvct-Alshed thread with >*\ Oi f|ifl|nc double Fide steels: hand gored; I A web and criss-cross, ln / flannelette, rolling collar; sizes from 2 Made with a patent abdoalna! pad: H
' 1 *\ French band- ftni-«hed wit i /-/ V I VUOlUi ln whit0 and black; includinj; » dotted and plain. At / \ to 14 years. At the price-cutter 3. .50c made with elastic in center and belt H
>j P. ,'iSj, thr'ee-inch'-wUlP knitted ( I Jl Are ln greater demand than Hose Supporters 50c Jo« Rosenberg's, the F \ LADIES' FLANNELETTE GOWNS— attached: four straps of extra heavy g
<//' tl—-5^1ace. No ironins or starch- \ Nf * i 1 ' e 'i' i? . i Levant aiul , price cutter 25c 1 /f\ * B Made with rollirs collar, with scalloped elastic and patent button clasp. In i
IWC^^j-"' -r.r needed: so simple a £C3S?a aI ,. Orai " father, moire OOfOSlS REMNANT OR ODDS \ tf( iK 'eilk embroidered edge. Liberally made pink. blue, red and black: equal to any ¦
T8W ohild can wash them. At Js^A 1«5 «t P f 1h i 8 • ™™ ¦ t« th» nam . «* *i v ? AND ENDS IN V/v&^T**/ in width and length, but economical in fifty-cent hose supporter nade At I
the Pric* CuneVs >r,c a pair |||§| VEILINGS. / » «<>C the Pric, Cutter s »5c |
Sale OTarrei:-3treet Eatrxsce. Price ,-;<)«• pickpd lamb'3 skin Of the good seillns i^^^f LADIEs* GOWNS — Made of extra TaHi»-'Vc-tc M
- ' .©» Paris point embroidery kind. heavy Daisy cloth; tucked yoke, sleeves LdlliM IColo. !,i
Ia/4ja? f JarVftc fhil(1rPii\ PT(Kfi tliP fiftfid "-^*_^— pique stitching: -in all CHIFFON. TUXEDO, complexion and and collar lace and beading trimmed. In Made of Australian wool, high neck H
LdUlCi dtttiCli. VUlliacu J uwao tuo UUUU flT*3y the newest shades. Including black and other styles in *i and yard lengths; pink, blue and cream. Very low for a ar .,» i or . 5 sleeves, and medicated. t]
Made of fancy striped etderdowr.: Jfin/1 ff/if* white. Once worn always worn. Price remnants at remnant prices quality like this 81. OO Tights to match: tlght-Cttlng topa. Rf
new artillery collar, down the front A111U. "^} 81.OO ••' 10c and 15c (On sale on our bargain floor.) ankle length. In gray or white |l
and collar satin* bound; military strap Mad* of fa<st black Pea. r • n • « « n _ .. - S5c a garment H
front. Our price 81.15 island cotton, jersey kn?£ .-^ ' LOW PriCeS kit Bettd MMB ¦<U fc You'll lose money if you fail to visit HandierCO'CfS. T *. , it * 1
4 H{w!slto. f W,SM« t J] a c n o S! Mts - f® ¦ °" The^x" Fan A — r ur ?4.— " m. 4 . - J«^ „ J
*-, In one of the greatest at one crlc -|«ti« LACE COLLAR AND RE- l^EtaV IllWC b D\J £\U1 ¥*« ~ . . - . j sleeves. Swiss ribbed. In pink. B
*.- values of BI.ACIC SAT- at one pric J 2^C VERK-Made ot Point Ven- Kg? 1 Rippincthe braid off your skirt. J%£^ va"uel is these. blue akd white. Price 81.SO H
\V,\ EE:>- SKIRTS you over T 9rC r. l» 0 j n r- fla f rt . riflTn^TifJ TJiin ise Ia " e - ln fl sured and now- £ *K3» Here's the crown of all the everlast- xs. /fil A p - '" ,
t\ A saw. Trimmrt with a deep LllCi Are lfl UFCater USIIiand IDin er designs; old dresses matfo ML WJ J in£? kind; mado of st*am shrunk yarn. jTC/' // H ,-^i 1 ™?.™ J^ I TadiP;' Ti^ts f!
D^€^ flounce ar.i finished with r to look new and chic by tibu9m£ with an extra heavy brush; a!l colors. "^VSll ,JJ KtRCHILFS- Made o. LdUlC3 ll o U k 5. U
gv*^»* two tailor stitched rufT.es. tiYtF. wearing these. Price. ..50c K** 3 * 8 including black 5c a yard /LjL/U^. "Vr 1 - hc *?~? whKe lawn. Madi , c . £ . :k a=( j woo i. Jersey kr.it. |1
J&S&F Wholesalers price $13.« a - And here ar . « o _. __,-.,, .._• ; " SuUlS ? ith ., w l|!!f 2 r c olored soft as velvet, jersey fitting tops, ankle H
do2en - We manufacture // >*. And here are some priced verj Hak>i».^^ T-iir- t==± = £/ \^ 1 hemstitched borders. lengt h. In plnk^ blue and white. Prie* g
l 9 i * i these ourselves, htr.ee the \^ t-t'fa vv vir * r-v t \r--c rv 8 If bh h» « 9 Wjk sF aa I rl f~ Pr.ce -oc SI. 75 M
v * lew price S1.00 dh^, th^^ u-m." lSll_ illB^H HlllLli 1 1 I ¦ ===== I M L LADIES' HANDKERCHISFS-Xlade fj
n«» L»dta- Good Hose ¥' t^$T i ™"™ : iSllr ntf^rSSnrHhpRfrF-rilTTFR k S : aT=;afr d hS: iOo Instead cl 2oc U
hOrS LlUies UOJU nObC. WL/, P< r J ird lOc |J fea g |%JljJ |~ SB LII.1 I &J r i\IOL irUI I LI\ made Initial. Our price lOe CUSHION CO\"ER3— Mad? cf art H
Made cf soft finished thread, fast j'&ij CLUNETTE LACE, full four -w ¦« ¦ ¦ av »¦ m 1»^ GENTS' HANDKERCHIEFS — Made denim and sateen: Coral and conven- g
black bottoms with lifrht colored tops ¦'i'i'SfcJ inches wide, in square and spi- Q| « «-_-.•,_,. o«.-^^«. ¦¦ /\»c n ci««f of extra heavy Belfast linen: narrow tional designs: all new designs. Price g
Richelieu ribbed. In light blue, pink and **'JVt der web effects, ln Arabian 816 MarKCt StrCCt. II 0 rarrCli StrCCt. hemstitched, full size. Our price.... 1Oc 1
red. At the price cutters 12^ color. Price 17c MAIL 0BDE3S SOLICITED SI .25 a dozen, or . ..12^ c each (On sale in our bargain basement.) ¦
JOE BOSZITBEBG'S.Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1M1
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candles. 60c a pound. In artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St., above Call bldg. *
The Amazon Valley will have at the St
Louis exposition a striking exhibition
Every important product of this wonder
ful region will be shown, besides many
curious exhibits of little-known native life
-architecture, tools, weapons, methods of
transportation, etc. - as well as a very
Interesting Exhibit.
Selling out this week. 31 4th st. front
of barber. Best eyeglasses, specs, 20-50c.»
An inveterate cigarette-smoker, who
lives in the little town of Cayes (Seine-et
Marne), declares, according to Le Jour
nal, that during the last thirty years he
has smoked so many cigarettes that if
placed end to end they would cover thlrtv
kilometers-wiearly twenty-three miles He
reckons that during that period hehaa
consumed 800.000 cigarettes, or, roushlv
speaking eighty per day. The strange
thing is that this veteran smoker has re
cently given up this habit in obedience to
the doctors, and he finds himself none the
worse for the change."
The London Westminster Gazette
records the remarkable record of a
Frenchman^ for cigarette smokinc It
says: - .- l
Still Lives.
DURING the municipal election on Tuesday last there was made a practical test of a voting-,
machine which proved to be eminently satisfactory. The -machine was installed in a special
booth on Hyde street, near the City Hall, and during the day 5 76, voters showed their interest
in the test by registering sample ballots therein. At the close of the polls the record was taken
from the machine and was in the hands of Registrar Walsh within five minutes of the hour when the
day's voting was suspended. • :
This test and others which have been made in Eastern cities demonstrate the fact that it is
time for the registration of votes to be made through mechanical means. By the voting machine the
cumbersome system of counting and counter-checking of ballots by a corps of inspectors and party
tally-keepers would be greatly sifnp'if.ed. The possibility of fraud would be minimized. The time now
spent in counting ballots at the booths and in footing up the totals in the Registrar's office would be
cut down two-third?.
The evils of marked ballots and of erroneously scored ballots; which now give rise to so much
confusion and partisan, strife at every election, could be absolutely eliminated by the use of a machine.
Even the illiterate citizen who persists in stamping his slip of paper by something which cannot be con
strued into an X and who therefore loses his chance to register his political; wishes must be credited
with the modicum of intelligence sufficient to enable him to push a button on a voting machine.
The fact that more votes were registered on the machine used for a trial on Tuesday than were
cast in any precinct in the city .shows that the people are interested in the experiment. All that is now
needed to make our elections things of mechanical speediness and precision i§ for the voters to come for
ward and demand that the voting machine be made the medium for the registration of votes in
the future. " " .
NEED FOR A VOTING MACHINE.
The library of Brown University has re
cently been enriched by the gift of a col
lection of newspaper clippings. The col
lection contains about 200,000 cuttings, all
of which are carefully credited, dated and
folded for reference. It covers a period of
about twenty years and relates to nearly
every question that has been before tho
public during that time and has been the
subject of newspaper discussions. There
Is a record of nearly every important la
bor strike that, has occurred* since 1S83.
taken from the newspapers In the city
where the strike occurred, affording a
record fiom which nearly a complete his
tory of labor troubles could be written.
The progress of city transit and the
controversies between the authorities of
cities and street car corporations is in
cluded. About 10.COO cuttings relate to
journalism. There is also a newspaper
account of the Spanish war, gathered day
by day. On most questions the record is
exhaustive. The collection was made by
Walter C. Hamm. now United States Con
sul at Hull, while he was a member of
the editorial staff of the Philadelphia
Press. When fully classified and arranged
It will form one of the most interesting
features of the university library and be
Invaluable to students and investigators.—
Springfield Republican.
Unique Library Gift.
• A writer In the current Harper's Week
ly calls attention to some interesting
facts which have recently been brought to
light regarding the comparative per cap
ita consumption of alcoholic beverages in
various countries. France, it appears,
bears off the palm, with a record of 13 1-3
litres (a litre is a little more than a
quart) per year; Switzerland consumes
13^ litres; Italy and Denmark, 10 litres
each; England. Germany and Austria, 9;
Holland, 6; the United States, 5, and
Canada, 2. There may be hope for
France's future, though, for England,
where there Is a special effort now to re
strict the indulgence of the drunken, has
in twenty-five years reduced her annual
per capita allowance from 10 litres to 9
The great trouble at present in France
seems to be that the Government is not
strong enough to restrict the manufacture
and sale of liquors.- There are very nearly
half a million wine shops in France, and
last year, in spite of repressive legisla
tion, there were 1,137,328 private distillers
who made alcohol or brandy from their
own produce for their own use.
What the World Drinks.
CALIFORNIA is arranging- for an exhibit of forest resources at St. Louis. What rivalry we
may expect to meet there is set forth in this item of information in Harper's Weekly: "When
Columbus discovered America there stood in a remote mountain gorge in Cherokee County,
North Carolina, a tulip poplar tree that -<vas then 400 years old. For four more centuries it
grew and fiOiirished, and was recently felled for exhibition at the St. Louis World's Fair. The tree
was thirteen feet in diameter at the base when it was cut. The gorge in which it grew was' so inacces
sible, being forty miles from a railroad, that it was impracticable* to obtain a section near the base.
Forty feet up, where the tree was a little more than six feet in diameter, a disk was cut. This has been
polished and will occupy a place in front of the hunters' lodge. On the polished disk have been engraved
the important historical events of the old north State from the time that Sir Walter Raleigh took posses
sion of the land in his sovereign's name on July 4. 1584, through the colonial days, during the revolu
tion and up to the present time. Another section of the tree will stand like a monument in the forestry
exhibit. It is ten feet high. A portion has been dressed, polished and varnished, while the lower portion
is covered with bark.* ?
This induces a smile. A tree thirteen feet in diameter is a sapling compared to the sequoia and
sugar pine arid Douglass spruce of this State. As for history, we have trees the record of whose annual
rings will show them older than the species of the North Carolina tulip. Though their diameter ex
ceeds forty feet, a disk cut from them is hardly largo enough to have inscribed the history that has passed
since their life began. Nineveh and Babylon were Assyrian capitals then. They were growing before the
Patriarchs, before Egypt was, before the Greek commonwealth rose. They show scars made by the lava
streams that flowed from volcanoes that lit up the inland sea whose tides rose and fell in the SanJ
Joaquin Valley. They are contemporary with geological periods, and prehistoric animals now long ex-j
tinct snuggled in their shade, the Elphas primogeni us scratched himself against their bark, and the hard
headed Bos primogenius bellowed around them and butted his head against their columns.
In their time new stars have blazed in the heavenly constellations, lived for. ages and faded away.
Since their evergreen branches sheltered birds now extinct as the dodo, great languages, spoken by mil
lions; have come into being, have been the vehicle of vast literatures, have died and are forgotten. Com-:
pared with them that North Carolina tree is a sprout of yesterday. One of these trees f educed to lumber
will furnish boards and joists to build a whole town as large as the average town of North Carolina, witlv
all its buildings, public and private. Talk of timber! When tall and large trees are wanted, nearly as old \
as the world since it got hard enough to bear timber, come to California. j
The professor recommends the foothills
a few miles from the coast of Southern
California for some. Others he directs to
the high Sierras. Still others are toid to
go to sea. The master of meteorological
phenomena is incidentally a student of
hygiene and he tells his patients what
varieties of food will win half the battle.
He is also able to supply accurate Infor
mation as to the expense attendant upon
any of the various trips recommended.
The functions of the Weather Bureau
are known to bQ. numerous and diverse,
but surely the sapient founders of the
great institution would never have
dreamed that its sphere of usefulness
would extend so far as to become a court
of last appeal for consumptives. Never
theless Professor McAdle. who observes
astronomic, atmospheric and terrestrial
phenomena from the tenth floor of the
Mills building, is besieged with prayers
for assistance from friends of sufferers
from various pulmonary troubles.
Grave-faced fathers, weeping mothers
and Krief -stricken brothers and sisters
come constantly to ask him where loved
ones whose lives are gradually fading
away may be sent with the possibility
that they may recover. One desires to
know if the mountain air will revivify
his son, another if a voyage over the seas
will give a new lease of life to a patient.
Sad Duties of Prophet.
A TIMBER RIVAL.
One of the most characteristic o£ these
strange tradesmen i3 the dog barber. Tha
favorite dog of the Parisian is the French
poodle, or "mouton," as he Is popularly
called. It Is chiefly for his benefit that
the dog barber exists. His headquarters
are the banks of the Seine. Here the.
main body can be found at all times,
though in the summer some go about tho
city carrying on their occupation from
house to house. In the hot days one con
tinually hears the long drawn out cry,
"To-o-odeur de chiens!" and meets tho
familiar figure of the dog barber, with
his box of instruments slung over hi3
shoulder. Many of them have their reg
ular customers, whose houses they visit
at stated Intervals to make the toilet of
these privileged poodles— for the. Paris
mouton is the "spoiled child" among
dogs. He is clipped, brushed, combed,
perfumed and generally has his topknot
fastened with a pink or blue ribbon.
Some even wear gold or silver bracelets
around one Daw.
The result has been the development of
the dog barber as an artist. He clips and
shaves his customers' dogs In most elab
orate fashion. Some are left shaggy
manes, with a tuft at the end of their
tail, to Imitate a lion. Others, again, aro
clipped In stripes, making them look like
black zebras, and others have their faces
clipped, and nothing but a pair of fierce
mustaches left with fluffy bracelets of
hair round each foot. At any time of the
day. as lq^ng as daylight lasts, the dog
barber will be found at work on the Seine
embankment^ Seated on a camp stool,
and generally surrounded by an admiring
crowd, he clips and shaves according to
the directions given him by the owner.
The banks of the Seine have been select
ed for his operation because the river Is
handy to bathe the animal after he has
been clipped and combed.
It is astonishing with what zeal every
means of earning an honest penny la
plied In Paris. No city in the world has
bo many queer little trades by which
those practicing them scrape together
enough sous to make a living. The king
of this class is, of course, the ragpicker.
He starts out before dawn armed with a
lanetrn and a long hooked piece of iron
and explores the rubbish boxes placed
outside every door In the capital before
the municipal carts come to carry off
their contents. Then there is the man
who goes around with the spiked stick
picking up the cigar and cigarette stumps
which lie around the Paris cafes. There
are men. too, who search the streets for
fallen money and who generally find
enough to keep them from starvation.
Odd Crafts in Paris.
"Well, Chack. maybe I vas,' said the
German, "but dot oder feller vas not so
gcot. Vy. der first ballot it vas eleven
lor lunch and one not guilty.* "
"You talk about jurymen." said an ex
bailiff in the Sheriff's office a few days
ago. "There was a man who served on
a jury in the court in which I was the
bailiff about twelve years ago who was
certainly the best 'sticker' for a verdict
that I ever saw or heard of. He was a
German, and every time I hear of a jury
I think of him and take off my hat."
"It was a "framed" jury. You know
that means that some of the jurymen
have been 'reached* and were ready to
render a verdict of not guilty at any
stage of the game. The German was one
of the 'framed' and he knew for a cer
tainty that another one of the twelve was
prepared to give a verdict like his own.
Well, the Jury went out about 11:30 on
the second day of the trial. They delib
erated for about an hour and then one of
the Jurors, the professional kind, who
always likes to get his meals at the ex
pense of the litigants, suggested lunch.
"They had their lunch and returned and
about 3:30 announced that a verdict was
ready. It was not guilty, of course, and
as socn as it had been reported to the
court and the prisoner discharged the
young man who had been on trial rushed
up to my German friend and throwing
his arms about his neck thanked him in
a most fulsome manner, 'You are all right,
Nick,' said he, with a hug; 'that's what
you are.'
A Good Juryman.
Mr. William Berg of
Sausalito, after a residence
in this country of over
twenty years has just taken
out naturalization papers.
— Exchange.
The Greatest "German Traveler" tint «v«r
trod the earth
Has now foresworn allegiance to th« land that
gave him birth.
It took twenty years of thinking ** to bow ha
Bhould decide.
So he has given up the Fatherland and with us
will reside.
Oh! WUheim Imperator— do you rcaUz* your
loss?
Of those fifty million people, all of wlioin you
are the "boss,"
Not cne has ever added «uch luster to your
name
As has this "German Traveler" by hit bright
and well earned fame —
Over "Greenland's icy mountains," on "JLfrtc'a
burning sands,"
He has chased the nimble reindeer and baa
tamed the savage bands;
He has climbed the Cordilleras; b« baa aallad
the Spanish Main —
Where anybody else has been ba's b«*n tlm*
and again.
He found and climbed the North Pol», though
the fact was never known
To any but the polar bears within tbat frigid
zone.
Should balloon or even auto ever reach tbat
sought for spot.
They would find the "German Traveler* 'd
built a fence around the lot;
Nailed to th» pole a notice: "Xo Trespassing
Allowed!"
Which action he deemed requisite for keeping
out the crowd.
¦Who was Livingstone or Stanley? Wbo was
Peters, Uohlfs. or Kane?
Who Uu Chaillu. Teary. Andrea? Indeed
'twould b« in vain
To seek for one whose glory could Billy Bers'a
surpass —
And. If any one dispute it. ycu can write him
down an ass.
And so the '•German Traveler" will remain the
••Traveler" still.
But posterity will know him now as "Our
Yankee ¦ngj^y^ OELRICHS .
Ode to William.
"I'd rather listen to hunting: stories than
to leciures on my imprudence," she said
airily. Phil winced, but retired to the
other end of the beat without reply; '
Sword-fishing, as managed off Block
Island in those days was done somewhat
on this style:
When a s-wordfish was sighted a sort of
harpoon was thrown at him. It stuck in
his body and he usually dived or else
made off at a terrific rate. To the har
poon was attached a long coil of light
rope, the other end of which was tied to
a keg. This keg was watertight and large
end was tossed overboard as soon as the
fish was speared.
Away would dash the fish, dragging th^
keg after him. The boat would follow in
the wake of the keg. At times when the
iish dlvtd deep he would pull the keg
clear under water. But its buoyancy al
ways brought It up again and the fish
with !L Or the keg would sweep along
the surface, as if impelled by electricity,
casting up great clouds of spray and Im
peding the fish's progress. Finally the
great quarry would tire of the race and
would fall an easy victim to the men in
the boat. The only real element of dan
* ger came In those unusual instances when
the maddened brute somehow connected
the boat with his misfortunes and at
tacked it. Then, if he was big, a lively
fight was likely to ensue.
;;; -;• • •
As we tacked out of the quaint old har
bor and sailed Into the sunrise, the
"cap'n" pointed out to us a school of
whales, disporting themselves less than
a mile away. There must have been
twenty of them, ranging .anywhere from
thirty to sixty feet in length. Some' lay
with a third of their huge black bodies
•ut of water, some played about like awk-
• • •
It was 5 o'clock on a chilly August
morjilng when we set out— four men, the
two women and the boat-owner, "Cap'n."
as he was locally known. Solliday had
begg-ed his wife to abandon the trip. She
had first laughed at his objections as
cowardly, and had at last calmly over
ridden them. 60, with her liege lord limp-
Ing in her wake, she boarded the Polly
of Nahant with the rest cf us and thank
lessly suffered Phil to arrange a sea rug
about her. But as he went about to seat
himself at her side she waved, him back
and beckoned to Penllc-ld to take the
[City Chamberlain «->f New Tcrk; author of
•'The S00UJ Condition of Labor." etc.]
It was off Block Island in the summer
of 1S£2 that the first part of this odd ex
perience of mine was enacted. 1 was
rather a spectator than an actor in its
earlier stages, and of my share in Its later
developments I have nevef heretofore
confessed. Now, however. It can do no
harm. The principal characters are either
dead or wi!l not be recognisable (except
to their former intimates) *by the pseudo
nyms I give them.
It was off Block Island, as I said, that
the story bepins. Four or live of us— good
friends all— had been whillng away two
drowsy weeks in that treeless lotus land,
the island whose sole claim to modernity
is a "street" railroad with a rolling stock
of two antiquated horse cars.
We were all New Yorkers, busy men
and busier society women, and the restful
old-world sleepiness of the little island
had lured us to prolong our stay beyond
Its original bounds. And therein lay ali
the trouble that crowded aiier.
For two weeks we roamed about the
Uland. spending our days loafing on the
cliffs, bathing cr exploring the richly fur
nished, plrvln-exteriorod cottages of the
thrifty fishermen cfor It Is no uncommon
thing to find that a weather-beaten cot
tage contains lace curtains, Brussels car
pet and a piano on that Isle which num
bers not one pauper, not one criminal and
not one jail in all its population).
• • •
At length, through much peace, we
grew r«»Ftless. At least one or two of the
men did. And as contrast to the laziness
of the past fortnight one of the party
•ujrgosted two days of sword fishing. It
v.as Penfield who suggested it. He was a
young Wall street broker and an ardtnt
sportsman. He had shot elephants in In
dia, lions in West Africa and mountain
sherp in the West. Some idiot had told
him that the joys and excitements of
¦word fishinc outnumbered all of these,
and ho was bent on trying it.
He was not content to jro on the expe- ',
dition alone, but sus^tstcd that wrr all
charter a \>'.g cat boat v.ith an auxiliary J
Fteam power and gr> cruising in pursuit of 1
thp marine tnind-wlelder.
Now, that sort of recreation may be j
pleasant enough for men. but it is not the j
port of jaunt on which to take women. {
\Vh<r:i women are in the party danger j
erases to be fu:i (for decent men), rind
every one concerned is unhappy. So it !
•rma with us bofore tlv end of the trip.
• Penfidd'a Hrt< r (n rotlCS sirl of th« ath- |
lotlc type) r.nd Mrs. Solliday were the !
only women who joined us on the excar- j
Fion: the former because she Fhar?d her j
brother's love for pport. the latter for j
reason? best known to bcrnelt
SoTUday and his Vvife had been th« one
;arrinp note in our otherwise harmoninu* I
party. Not that they quarreled op- r!y or '
Indulged in thow marital snubs and re- j
crttnlnnriors which are so embarrassing !
for outsiders to witness. They w«?re both !
too we'.! bred for such behavior. But
that they were unhappy with each other
ih<? least observant among us ccu'.d not
h**lp noting.
Mrs. Soiliday was a beautiful woman,
¦with social aspirations, and was ambitious
to excel in every flashy accomplishment
that could aid her in this ambition. Her
husbar.d belonged to the silent, bookish
type of man. He had married her because
be had adored her and was dazzled by
her. She had married him because Fhe
had at the time been very youngr and be
cause she had been urged thereto by her
mother.
Ten years of married life found them
childless, far apart In tastes, and living
In different spheres. Phil Solliday still
worshiped her, but there. was a sadmss
to his worship and a dumb reproach in his
•very look. To make matters worse, a
railroad accident the previous- year had
kept him for months in a hospital and
had turned him out in the spring with a
permanent limp and the fingers of his left
hand hideously misshapen. Intertwisted
and crooked.
Instead of being drawn closer to her
husband by his misfortune, the man's de
formity seemed to disgust and repel his
wife.
Do you wonder the pair jarred on our
harmony?
BY ELGI.V K. i,. GOULD. PH. D.
Fight With a Swordfish.
•omplete collection of the flora and fauna
if the country.
"Yes. sir," said Blank, unconsciously
standing at attention. "With Lee sir; for
four years."
"Ah," said McCalla, -"Lee had a great
army, Mr. Blank. Do you know what
marie It great, sir?"
The clerk, slightly puzzled, stood on
one foot and then another and prepared
to answer, but* he was prevented by Mc-
Calla. "I'll tciT you," the latter said,
handing Blank his letter. "His soldiers
obeyed orders."
Blank is now spending his noon hour
chewing toothpicks.
"Ah! 1 ' said McCalla. "you desire that I
give you a similar privilege, Mr. Blank?"
"Yes, sir." said the clerk. "I would ap
preciate it very much."
McCalla turned the letter over several
times and the clerk was already congratu
lating himself on the success of his mis
sion. When he had about concluded that
tiie rear admiral was a most gracious in
dividual, McCalla turned round in his
chair and said:
"Mr. Blank. I believe you served during
the- Civil War?" N
Rear Admiral Bowman H. McCalla,
commandant of the Mare Island Navy
Yard, 13 known as one of the greatest
sticklers for discipline In the United
States navy. An order Is an order with
him and when he Issues one he must be
obeyed. Excuses are of no avail with
him, as was recently shown at Mare
Island when he caused an order to be is
sued absolutely abolishing the much
valued privilege of smoking In the yard,
even durlnjr the noon hour.
Now the noontime smoke of a certain
clerk in the storehouse was something
that he felt he could not do without.
Therefore as soon as McCalla's order was
posted up he hied himself to the admin
istration building and requested an audi
ence with the commandant. Permission
to appear was readily granted him and
he entered McCalla's office. ¦ He intro
duced himself and then presented a let
ter, signed by McCalla's predecessor, giv
ing him permission to smoke during the
noon hour.
McCalla's Discipline.
That was written in 1808, ninety-five years ago. The last clause was rather a flattering ascrip
tion to the Spanish King than a statement of fact, for the narrow policy of Spain continued up to the
time that she lost her continental posssssions in this hemisphere. That policy has -descended as a tradi
tion and a habit to the Latin-Americans who dominate her former territory, and it became recrudescent
in the attitude of Colombia in refusing to ratify the canal treaty made by Mr. Hay and Senor Herran.
Polk made the treaty of 1846 with Xew- Granada as a foundation for a canal policy, and American
statesmanship has patiently sought to induce the foolish successors to the foolish policy of Spain to
consent to the use of the isthmus for the great purpose to which it seemed dedicated by nature. There
fore the events of the past week are the most important that the world has yet seen, in respect to the
change they promise to effect in the commercial geography of the planet. The Call, originally, and first
among American newspapers; indicated and predicted that our Government intended to adopt the Pan
ama route. When the treaty failed three months ago we foresaw this revolution. Our Government has
seen the opportunity and has promptly taken advantage of it. The administration has notified Bogota
and Panama that they must make ''peaceable settlement" of their differences. Marroquin and the pro
visional government both know that this means permanent independence for Panama and the speedy
.construction of the canal. • % •
Notwithstanding the adverse views of Senator Morgan, we have acted strictly within our rights.
His assumption that recognition of the new republic is a matter for Congress to decide is a mistake. It
is a matter for the executive solely. The constitution says the President shall receive foreign Ministers.
When the Spanish colonies that now make up the Latin-American states became independent President
Monroe settled that right of recognition as an executive prerogative, and that settlement has never been
disturbed. The President, either in the session or recess of Congress, can receive the Minister from :
Panama, and that is the recognition of the new state.
seductive nature. They will draw sooner or later the masters of the ocean to a point of the globe des
tined by nature to change the face of the commercial system of nations. The time is past when Spain,
through a jealous policy, refused to other nations a thoroughfare through the possession of which she
has so long kept the world in ignorance." fj
THE event of the week is the bloodless revolution by which the new state of Panama prepares
to become a member of the family of nations. She is a small member, it is true, but in some
respects promises to enjoy elements of importance which many larger may envy.
From the time that the isthmus uniting North arid South America became known to
explorers and geographers, that part of it that now seems sure to an independent state has been re
garded by the far-sighted as one of the most important pieces of land on the planet, because some day
it would be traversed by a waterway carrying the world's commerce between the two oceans. Paterson,
the Scotchman who founded the Bank of England, had that view of the isthmus country as a whole,"
and sought by his Darien scheme to locate there a state which, by controlling the short transit of com
merce, would dictate to the trade of the world.
Spain, when she owned all that territory, as part of the empire of Philip II upon which he!
boasted that the sun never set, took a narrow view of the splendid possibilities that the isthmus pre-i
sented. In 1788 Jefferson wrote from Paris to Mr. William Carmichael "at Madrid : "With respect to!
the Isthmus of Panama 1 am assured by Burgoin that a survey was made ; that a canal was practi- j
cable; and that the idea was abandoned for political reasons altogether. Pie has seen and minutely j
examined the report. This project is to me a vast desideratum, for reasons political and philosophical/''}
That was one hundred and fifteen years ago, when Spain was one of the strongest of the powers, and ;
had the resources to have immediately begun and speedily finished the great work. Spain sought rather j
to conceal the capabilities of the isthmus, and neglected the conquest of the Indian .tribes that inhabited j
it, preferring to leave them as ffn obstruction to exploration.
Humboldt attempted to impress the Spanish Government with the importance of the prize it
held in the sovereignty of that territory, and. addressing Charles IV. said : "Moreover, no political con- !
sideration should oppose the progress of population, agriculture, commerce and civilization, in the:
Isthmus of Panama. The more this neck of land shall- be cultivated the more resistance will it oppose
to the enemies of Spain. If any enterprising nation wished to become possessed of the isthmus it could
do so with the greatest ease at present, when good and numerous fortifications are destitute of the arms;
to defend them. The whale and cachalot fisheries, which drew in 1803 sixty English vessels to the South
Seas, and the facilities for the Chinese commerce and the furs of Nootka Sound, are baits of a vervi
Three years ago I landed at a South-
Etreet pier from a Florida sea trip. It
was late when the boat got Into her New
York dock. I could not get a cab, so de
cided to walk across that somewhat slum
ridden section of town to Broadway. .
It was Saturday night and South street
was alive with sailor folk and market
ers. As I turned off into the first Hide
street the gloom of the ill-lighted, half
deserted thoroughfare showed all the
more darkly by contrast to the gayly
illumined water front I had just quit.
"Trouble you for a light, sir?' asked
a voice at my elbow. Rough as the tones
were, with the harshness born of years
before the mast, the intonations were
those or a gentleman. I eyed the roughly
dressed man who had accosted me with
more than ordinary Interest for this rea
son as I held out my cigar to him. . He
tried In vain to light his short pipe from
It, and meantime I tried In the dim light
tc make out more of his figure, which
somehow struck me as familiar.
"Try a match," I suggested at last, of
fering him one. He thanked me, struck
Jt, and held It to his pipe, shielding the
blaze from the wind with both hands
"Solliday!" I cried.
The clay pipe fell from the nerveless,
misshapen fingers and broke on the
ground. • . ; ,.
For a moment he eyed me In < silence
Then he said very calmly:
"You are mistaken, sir. I am Jack Me-
Gill. able seaman. I was picked up by a
Halifax bark off Bark Island eight years
ago. A man named Solliday Jumped over
board and swam away from a fishing boat
near by, but by the time the bark picked
him up he had changed his identity. And
be wants it to stay changed. That is all
Good night, slr."> -< . "j
• • •
For hours, In that awful fog. we cruised
about, now scanning the wate-rs within
the narrow mist ring until our ryes
ached; now 6houting ourselves hearse in
the faint hope of getting some response
from the missing man. Mrs. Solliday
went from one violent fit of hysterics to
another. I think, remembering her last
words to* her husband, we none of us
pitied her as we should have done.
At last the sun burned up the mist and
the face of the waters grew visible once
more. But no sign of the missing man.
Nor was his body ever cast upon any
beach.
Two years later his widow married Pen
fleld. and a charmingly well matched
couple they were. So said the world in
all seriousneps. So said a few of us in
Fad Irony. For Solliday had been"" our
friend, and I do not think I was the only
one who hazard* d a fearful If secret
guess that h!a death was not wholly ac
cidental.
"Knocked on the head most likely,"
suggested the captain. "Hit his head
against the side of the boat as h« fe!l."
"Tumbled overboard same time I did,
most likfly, and s?ank." muttered the cap
tain. "We'll cruise around and see if we
can't pick him up."
"He could hardly have drowned." said
I. "Phil was one of the finest swimmers
I ever knew."
Solliday was not in the boat!
We glanced about from face to face.
Then from every throat went up a simul
taneous cry:
"Solliday!"
"All right?" he yelled at list, when he
could free his mouth and throat from s°a
water. "All here-? "Was I the only one
that went over?" '
The beat rose almost clear out of the
water, careened sharply in such a way a.*
to send us all tumbling pell-mell against
the thwarts. The captain, being on his
feet at the tim», was knocked overboard,
but rope a yard or so away and scrambled
quickly aboard. The confusion that
reigned in o»:r srr.aH party was unspeak
able. Penfirld, as foon as he could recov
er his feet, ran hither and thither, adding
to the noise any colliding with every one.
Mrs. Solliday burst into a fit of shrieking
hysterics. The captain's pouring garments
drenched all who came near him.
Quick ns he was, the pain-crazed whale
was <juicker. The monster dived, striking
the boat with his huge tail as he plunged
under.
-portsman just in time to see him spring
to hi? fVot and hurl the harpoon into the
blinding mist.
rSwordflsh!" he bellowed.
'"You fool, that's a whale!" shouted the
captain^ hurling out rope and keg as he
spoke.
mingled pain and reproach as that on
So'lMny's homely, sensitive face as he
shrank back from her as if bc-atcn. Dut
the next second a cry from Penfield
tamed our attention to that ardent
Nov. In her rlplit mind. Mrs. Solliday
could never have been guilty of fucIi an
unspeakably, rudi\ brutal speech; lea^t of
all In public. But any woman who has
suffered the pang? of «easickie»s knows
t*<re is one m ! -rral>le. hysterical pha«e of
tile mated}*; where the victim is scarce
responsible for what she says or does.
I shall never again see such a look of
"Don't tou< h me! Keep away from me.
That horrible hand of yours makes me
Kick! Oh, I novfr v.ant to see you again,
you— you Caliban!"
The sight and touch of it were too much
for Mrs. Solliday's overwrought nerves
and stomach.
"There is r.o danger." he was beginning,
when she broke in with a shudder:
The mist (as every woman who reads
this will understand) took the curl out of
Mrs. Solliday's hair. It hung in strings
down her fact. Also the choppy motion
oi the fog-blankeud seas did not improve
her looks cr her temper.
"Are you nervous, dear?" murmured
Phil, sitting down beside her as she cast
a troubled look about. He was steadying
himself by holding one hand on the gun
wale. It was his right hand. To soothe
her he laid his maimed left hand— twisted
and misshapen like some hideous birds
claw— on her arm.
We seemed cut off from the whole
world. So dense was the sea fog that we
could scarce see from one end of the boat
to the other. About us at varying dis
tances we could hear the whales blowing
and splashing. 1
that had swept up from the north with
all the Incredible speed so common to that
vicinity swirled around us.
"It may hold for ten minutes or It may
hold all day," said the "cap'n" in re
sponse to our queries. "Kest float aruund
a bit and see."
Ten minutes later a low wall of mist.
from the boat. I'm sure he was a
Bwordfisb," answered Penfield, beside
himself with excitement. He was play
ing nervously with the harpoon which he
had grasped.
It struck me even then that for a
would-be sportsman Penfleld showed a
lamentable lack of that coolness and pa
tience which la so necessary to the true
hunter of Lie game.
"That feller," muttered the "cap'n" un
der his breath, "is liable to harpoon a
n-.ackeral or a minnow if he don't ca'm
hissclf."
him as he rose. He wasn't twenty yards
rected her attention to an especially large
cne; "they always look so disgustingly
much like their pictures."
"No use lookin' fer swordfish so near
them whales!" grunted the captain, as he
altered the course of the boat.
"You're mistaken, captain," cried Pen
field, jumping up excitedly. "There's one
now!"
"Where?" chorused the rest of us.
"He's gone! I Just caught a glimpse of
Mrs. Solliday, as her husband timidly di-
ward kittens; from all of them, one after
another, formations of spray -would rise
several feet In air as they "blew."
"Whales never Interest me," yawned
THE NEW STATE.
THE SA>~ IFBAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1903.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . Address Alt (fomentations , to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office * <J^^^^^ > ' Third and Market Streets, S. F.
SUNDAY ' NOVEMBER 8. iQQj
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
26South Dakota has an aggregate of 11,
500,000 acres of vacant Government land
which is now subject to entry by quali
fied applicants.
READING, Pa.. Nov. 7.— On petition of
Richard P. Lydon of New York, who al
leges he Is a creditor to the extent of
$10,000. a receiver was this afternoon ap
pointed for the Cajpenter Steel Company,
whose works employ 500 men. The com
pany was organised under the laws of
New Jersey with a capital of $3,300,000.
Receiver for Steel Workj.
LARAMIE. Wyo., Nov. 7. — Frank
Keefe, the Rawlins merchant, who shot
and killed Policeman John Baxter and
Lieutenant Thomas King several months
ago, has been found guilty of manslaugh
ter. His attorney filed a motion for a
new trial and was allowed ten days In
which to prepare the brief.
Convicted for Killing- Policeman.
Nome, Alaska,, has two newspapers— the
Gold ' Digger : and the : News. ; Each Is - a
weekly, of four large pages. .The subscrip
tion price is $1 per month.
The Jacob Heyman Company reports
the sale. of 25x120 feet on the east line
of Twelfth avenue, 120 feet south from K
street. The ! company , is building eix
room' houses . on both . sides . of jHoff man
avenue, between Twenty-third and Al
varado' streets." ' *: ¦ '
well street, between Twenty-second and Twen
ty-third, on rhe east side of Mission street, be
tween Twenty-second and Twenty-third, on the
southeast side of Market street, between^ Do
lores and Church, and a lot 75x100, on Four
teenth avenue south, near Q street south.
Herman Shainwald left this city yes
terday for the. East and Europe. He will
make a tour of six months with Mrs.
Shalnwald.
Captain Martin at once detailed two of !
his. best men on tho case and they,ques
tioned Miss McDermott closely* They se
cured a good description of the stolen
property and will make every effort to
recover it. - Miss McDermott says she Is
certain the property . was in the room
when she left it, but she Is not positive
Just where It was placed., A strange fea
ture of the case Is that a room adjoining,
occupied by another • woman, obtained
Jeirelry that was not touched by the thief.
According to the story Miss McDermott
told at the Hall of Justice, she went into
the kitchen from her room on the second
floor of the house for the purpose of con
versing with Mrs. Hahn. She returned to
her apartments about live minutes later
and found that a bag containing her Jew
elry had been stolen. She Immediately
made a report of the matter. Mrs. Hahn
says the front door of the house is al
ways kept locked and that burglars could
have entered no other way. The police
are of the opinion that the thief used
skeleton keys to effect an entrance, j
Captain of Detectives Martin has been
notified of a daring daylight. burglary that
occurred In the residence of August R.
Hahn, an expressman, at 2017 Bush street
shortly after the noon hour Friday. The
room of Miss Mary McDermott, an'elderly
woman, was entered and Jewelry valued at
about $300 stolen. Detectives are at work
on the case, but they have no clew as to
who the thief was. ; •¦.
Criminal Works Quickly
in a Residence on
Bush Street.
BURGLAR WORKS
AT NOON HOUR
Lot 22xS4 feet, with three flats, at 773, 775
and 777 Bush street, between Powell and Ma
son; lots 22:6x80. with Improvements, at 322
and 324 Clementina street; lot 24x87:6 and
dwelling, at 1623 Buchanan street, between
Post and Geary; lot and two flats and three
cottages on the property known as 53 Chenery
street, east side, near Thirtieth; lot 25x75, with
four tenements, at 812 Bryant street, north
line, between Sixth and Seventh; lot 25x137:6.
on the couth line of Page street, 15ti:U west of
Clayton; lot 25x00 and Improvement!), at 1227
Folsom street, between Eighth and Ninth; lot
25xS5 and old house, at 525 Howard street, be
tween First and Second; the five properties of
the M. Landers estate, on the west line of Shot-
One week from to-morrow G. H. Umb
sen & Co. will hold an auction and will
offer the following mentioned properties:
Broadway: a 2-story house and lot 22:6xS2:6,
at 1073 Geary street, south side, between Stei
ner and Pierce streets; lot 2uxlC0 feet, on the
west, side of Fillmore Btieet. 137:6 south- of
Grove; a 3-story frame building and lot 20x
137:6, on the north line of Pine street, 127:6
west of Hyde; the southeast corner of Third
and Perry streets, 25x77:6, with an L on Perry
street. 25x75 feet, a store and flat of six rooms
and a house of eleven rooms; lots 25xS7 and
25x123 fe*t. on the east side of Van Ness ave
nue, beginning 62:6 south of Francisco street;
lot. 22:6x02:6 and eleven-room dwelling, on the
south line of O'Farrell street, 115 west of Stel
ner; lot 25x80 feet, with double cottage, on the
south line of Bryant etreet. 25 east of Ellery:
two flats and lot 25x137:6, on the south side of
Waller street. 156 west of Shrader. and at pro
bate sale a lot 50x68:8. on the west line ot
Stockton street, 75 north of Francisco, through
to Worden street.
Easton, Eldridge & Co.' will hold an
auction of real estate on Tuesday next
at their salesroom. The list of properties
to be offered Includes the following:
A lot, 56x37:6, wUh three -new, flats, on the
east line of Franklin street, 82:6 south ; of
Lot on the south side of Twentieth street.
25 feet west of Alabama, 50x104, for $2300;
lot on the south side of Twenty-third street,
100 feet east of Noe. 27x91:2. for $«00; lot on
the south Bide of H street, 70 feet east of
Twelfth avenue, 25x100. for $550; lot on the
south aide of Clement street, K5 ea*t of Twen
ty-sixth avenue, 25x100. ,for $550; lot on the
east »lde of Church street. 64 feet north of
Sixteenth, for $2500; lot on the east side of
Sixth avenue. 200 feet north of Lake straet,
50x127; lot on the east side of Midway street,
68 north of Francisco, 22:11x91.8, for $1650;
lot on the south sldo pf Nineteenth street, 200
feet west of Valencia, 25x100.
Sol Getr & Son report the following
sales this week:
Lots 25x162. on tha east lln« of Noe street,
near Fourteenth, with two-story residence - for
$8000, from M. Elliot to H. C. Best; 37:6x120,
on the northeast corner of M street and Forty
eighth avenue, to R. M. Wood; 25x120, on the
east line of Tenth avenue. 200 feet south of J
street, for $1000 to B. Ready; 80x120, on the
west line of Forty-sixth avenue, 225 feet south
of H street, for $1600 to S. E. Werther; 50x
100 on the southeast line of Athens street, 100
feet southwest of Persia avenue, for $400 to
Eugene J. B. Boullet; 50x100 on the south line
of H street, 57:6 feet west of Forty-sixth ave
nue, for $2400 to E. Penlyn; 60x100. on the
southeast corner of Athens street and Persia
avenue, to Joseph W. Elliott for $000; 25x100
on the north line of I street. 82:6 feet east of
Forty-«lBhth avenue; to Thomas F. GIblin for
$800.
THE AUCTION MARKET.
The following sales rr;T r among those
made recently by L-yon & Hoag: _',
For the Balrd estate. In the block bounded
by HaUht. Waller. Masonic avenue, and Ash
bury streets, the entire Masonic-avenue front
age. 190x100 feet, to S. A. Born for about $22,
000- lot on the east line of Ashbury street, 125
feet south of might, 25x125. sold to Matilda
Brutscher for $2S00; lot on the north side of
Waller street. 125 feet east of Ashbury, 25x
137:6, sold to Frank J. Antony for $2750; lot
on the south elde of Halght street, 100 feet
west of Masonic avenue. 60:3x137:6. for
$6S50; lot on the north side of Waller street,
i0C:3 west of Masonic avenue, 26x137:6, price
$3000; southeast corner of Halght and Aehbury
streets, 25x100. to A. M. Whittle; lot on the
south elde of Page street, 165 east of Ash
bury, 25x137:8, to Margaret Potter for $2650.
The following miscellaneous sales were
also made by L«yon & Hoag:
Guy T. Wayman has sold to Otto H.
Greenwald for O. M. Brennan 60:6x47:6
feet, with old improvements, on the east
line of Powell street 157:6 feet north from
Post street for $80,000. Greenwald has sold
to Brennan S5xl27:3Vi feet, with two
houses, on the west line of Central ave
nue 68:9 feet north from Washington
street for $20,000. The Trinity School prop,
erty, on the west line of Central avenue
north from Washington street, has been
sold by Wayman for $14,500.
The following sales have been made by
Boardman Brothers:
Henry J- Crocker to Laura Raisch, lot 23,
block 2. of Belvedere, for $1200: the Belve
dere Land Company to Charlotte B. Baker, lots
23 and 24. In block 7. Belvedere, for 51400; F.
H. Dewey to David T. Griffith, seventeen
acres near Shelbyville, Sonoma County, for
$1400; MIhs Hastings to A. K. Colllnes, 220
acres of etock ranch near Mark West • Springs,
Sonoma County, for $1200; Mn. F. Sohlke to
Myron H. Fish, lot 50x204 feet and a nine
room cottage at 1433 Paru street, Alameda, for
$2300; Schnell ectate to Anita A. Larkin, lot
34, block 3, Belvedere, for $150.
G. H. Umbsen & Co. report, among
others, the following recent sales:
For account of Wellington Gregg- Jr., Im
provements at 5-SO O'Farrell street and lot 34x
137:6, north 'line, C8:0 east of Leavenworth
street, $24,000: for Alexander Bond. Improve
ments and lot 35x68, northwest corner of Pa
cific and Sansome streets. $17,500; for Mrs.
K. A. Vlnher. Improvements and lot at the
southwest corner of Fifteenth and Noe streets.
$14,500; for John Doherty, improvements and
lot 25x104 on the southeast corner of Twenty
third and York streets. $4500; for H. Simon,
Improvements at 4062 Twenty-third street and
lot 25x114. north line, 205 east of Castro
street, $3250; for Edward Deleane, improve
ments and lot 31x73. west line of Octavla
street. 25 south of Union. $2200; for Mrs.
Clarke, lot south line of Twenty-fourth street,
75 west of Vermont street. 23x100, for $1100.
for Charles A. Peters to E. Bailey, lot No. 15
in block C, Park Lan« Tract, map No. 1. for
$650; for George P. Neal. lot 150x120, eouth
east corner of R street and Forty-second ave
nue, for $325.
Burnham & Marsh Company have sold for
Mrs. J. Pilfer to ' John Alexander the three
flats on the north line of Post street, 137:6
east of Hyde street, with lot 26:0x120, for
$36,000. The renta are $275 a month. The
same brokers have sold for Mrs. H. L. Gard
iner to J.' W. Burnham the lot 25x75, with two
flats, on the north line of Greenwich street,
22 feet east of Stelner street, for $2500.
NEAR THE PABK,
The Hotel Clarendon has been sold
through the. agency of Bovee. Toy & Co.
The property is on the south line -of Post
street 137:6 feet west from Mason. The
frontage on Post street Is 46 feet and the
depth is 137:6 feet. The price is $150,000.
The hotel building Is a six-story structure.
The exterior is of brick and brown stone.
The location is central, being about one
block from Union square and directly op
posite the Olympic Club. The seller Is D.
Zelinsky. The purchaser la a client of
Bovee.. Toy & Co.
Within three weeks Lyon & Hoag have
sold in the blocks bounded by Page,
Halght, Waller and Ashbury streets and
Masonic avenue more than $150,000 worth
of lots
CLARENDON IS SOLD.
The sale of properties fronting on the
block bounded by California, Webb,
Kearny and Sacramento streets, concern-
Ing which exclusive information was
Riven In The Call while the negotiations
were in progress, has been completed.
Shalnwald. Buckbee & Co. were the
agents. The amount paid for the proper
ties is $400,000. The frontages are 142:lVi
feet on Kearny street, 275 feet on Webb
street^ 62:6 feet on California street and 64
feet on Sacramento street. The buildings
are old.
These two transactions Indicate that the
total of sales for the present month will
be large. The record for the month of
October is summed up In sales that
amounted to $3,259,314 and numbered 469.
Many deals of October may find record
this month. The trend of Interest is shown
by a brief recapitulation furnished by the
San Francisco Real Estate Circular, is
sued by Thomas Magee & Sons. Accord
ing to this the properties that changed
hands were: 50-varas, 44; 100-varas, 25;
Potrcro and South San Francisco, 42; Mis.
s!on. 123; Western Addition, 139; outside
lands and homesteads, 96. The mortgages
of October amounted to $2,271,327, and the
releases to $1,264,426.
Large sales of realty have characterized
tho local market during the week Just
closed. The negotiations leading to them
have been in progress in some instances
for a long time. The conclusion was
reached recently. As the result of Bales
large buildings are to be erected. The
solid Improvement of the city bids fair
to continue for a long time.
The highest price that was ever received
for California street property was paid
when E. W. Newhall purchased from the
San Francisco Theological Seminary the
property adjoining the Bank of Califor
nia for $200,000. The brokers in the tran
saction were Boardman Bros. & Co. The
lot, on the north line of California street
€7:6 feet west of Sansome, has a frontage
cf forty feet and a depth of eighty feet.
The improvements consist of a four-story
brick building, which is old and out of
date.
November Opens With Good
Prospect for Lively
Business.
Important Transactions
Show Firmness of
Market.
REALTY BRINGS
LARGE PRICES
THE FAN FBAKC3SCO CALL. SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1903,
Blood oranges are sometimes produced
by injecting a few drops of claret
through a small aperture in the rind of
the orange.
27
A Tt'VTF'R.TTRTrMTBTqTrS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENT3.
¦. tB^B^ mmS^^ ' wSBBBtm fifl^alv wSmi^b V^L^s^_^^^_^S^__5^g_y^y
I t^i vCV wA »i m lk» wA B-i
TOY DEPARTMENT THIRD FLOOR
JOINTED DOLLS TO DRESS
Full-jointed Papier Mache Body, best quality
Bisque Head, sleeping eyes, Mohair wig, shoes
and Stockings: ;
Size 11 in. ijjf In. 15^ In- 19 in. 20^ in. 24 in.
Price 25c 5>Oc 75c 81.00 $1.50 $2.00
OUR SPECIALTY DOLL
A fine quality full-jointed Doll with very pretty
Bisque Head. Has open mouth, showing teeth; fine
quality sewed wig; moving eyes, with eyelashes;
shoes and stockings; hair parted in center or at side.
Sire. ...i4. : .n. 15^ in. ao^ in. 14 in. *J% in. 30 in. 31^ in.
Price. . $1.50 S200 $2.50 $4.00 $5.50 $6 50 $7.50
1 EXTRA FINE QUALITY I
JOINTED DOLLS
Full ball and socket joints, Bisque head, fine
Mohair wjoven wig with ringlets, sleeping eyes.
Size.. I2;» In. 13 'a la 19 In. 21 In. 24 In.
Price, Sl.35 $1.65 $2.00 $2.75 $3.25
Size . . . 25' 3 :a 291a 30^ In. 33 In. 36 '/ In.
Price, $4.00 $5.00 $6.00 $7.25 $10.00
j
/TYPEWRITERS SEWING MACHINES
¦ Th2 ) , do tne work v aI J Automatic, that will
Sfig 'n^S^SST An? |i Any child can use
chilid can use them. them.
, $1.00, $2.50, $5.00 $2.50 and $3.50
i » 7
WOOLLY AMD SKIN ANIMALS
A complete assortment, consisting of Sheep,
Horses, Dogs, Cats, Cows, Donkeys,. Rabbits, etc.,
at
25c, 50c, 75c, $1.00, &25, $1.59, $2.00, $2.50, $3.00
I GAMES ~~ ~~|
We have a full line of Popular Games from 10c.
Vienna Bent Wood Furniture
A most useful Christmas present for children.
Comes in oak or mahogany finish.
/ Cor.Posi a Kearny Sts.
Electrical Linemen Meet. j Mild Hainstorm.
At a epedUl meeting of the Electrical The rainstorm which passed over the
Linemen's Union, held last evening, it was city yesterday was a sort of trailer to the
charged that the telephone company had Etorm that move d over the northern Dor-
S £2 £» g J— . It wa, a ,„,«, pe^e-
strlke. Several cases were cited from ful ra!n *** unaccompanied by any at-
OaJtland and PreDlOer.t McKulty of the mospheric disturbances. The fall in tho
National Council was requested to invest!- northern section was about one inch,
gat© the matter. That in the city was only 6-100 of an inch.
' » • Last night Fresno reported that a fine
Freddie— Why does & runaway automo- downpour was in progress there, and that
bile cut up such capers? Cobwlgger— Be- the tendencies of the storm seemed to in-
cause. my boy. it hasn't any horse sense, dlcate that the movement was toward
— Judge. Tehachapl, where rain is sadly needed.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
[A TRIUMPH OF ART AND SCIENCE,
| Webster's New j
Standard Dictionary;
jj of the English Language . jj
!; NEW- ORIGINAL -MODERN -RELIABLE- COMPREHENSIVE !|
i DcfLs- -ions concise 2nd r.I^gr \ >OBipjjywBpg>^y*-»-— -^^^^ <
/ s*>dls-i GZX \ KiCnnnc _^_j_j_gM|BHWijT -^73 try jfty&?>;y5gggs» - *
? cross references; - . > ' '
jwix _ AF^^A^fci^Fjfry^JCiTffcYjtMl ?t_&jAfcSn^r j jTjy ILf . - '^?_y Hift^f *BT>nv (f4M<T B
[¦i ..—-^xv •— // f /s)j^~\ s^iZtfU^^M&sSr tii rv..^— » it.1 '1
\ *¦ \\. f f/i - Lrs^ r/f'V&yL&xW * " rascs » *-nrrent Abbren- ' ,
! 2^* 7iOT*tm. eU*0z8lachM. IS Inch tiiek. 2XP<ran<!s. «^X ''
Over 900 Illustrations. 30 Full-page Plates!;
! Hand Competition. Lsrgt Clear Print Both Editions Thumb-lndaxed. \ i
! ScbocI aad OSee Edition, pebbled doth, sprinkled edges, I Iibr« ry BindiBC, half feather, gold ! !
«ide «ad back title* ia gold, polished rndgUt *« rA «tamped. marbled edges, a* f A i
, P«»cl«, ex colored plates. V . . . . . . $1.50 U colored plates, .. . $2.50
> - i,' / ; — ¦ ¦ i '
; ENDORSED BY EDUCATORS AND THE PRESS j!
i XTf hrtrr'B Vtw Ft*n(j*i-d Dirtlf but 1« of cnnrenltnt elz* «ad more dejimbl* than the unabridged to i '
ertrjOMT u».-E. W. CAV1S3, lUtmmta State Vnicertttg. , '
m~A l T * * "2T ? f Tonr We »»« t «*» »•» Standard DtetJonarr. It rtonld hare a lar«» |dac« In oar wshooU < '
JSuo *"****! eomiaeod Jt. - HARK U. DUtOTTE, Dean northern IruUaaaLau School, Valpa- ( ]
jA«ili*.* «Plew!W bork, cin>tti«it In else, eaey of reference, reliable, and moderate in price.— School ,'
ESSF* W E«STCR 8 NEW STANDARD DICTIONARY IS OUR DICTIONARY; !
"^— THE NAME 13 OUR«r*tT 3TAND8 FOR ITSELF, WITHOUT A PEEW - \ ,
' for ty T.rrywhere, or sest postpaid on receipt of price, bj (
LAffiD £ LEE. P/ hers. 2«-265 Wabtsh Atom. CHICAGO. U. S. Ail
\tJfjg |t| Ready to be made
to your order. A
•* iM choice line of new
Fall Suitings, in-
cluding large line of attractive novelties
to choose from, .y.'; :
only $L00 . avee f ?
and , you wear the suit meanwhile
That's fair, isn't it? Call in Monday ¦
and give your order.;
A.B SiyilTHGG;
128-133 Ellis St., above Powell,
San Prancisco. :
¦ iitiii inwi in ¦¦mwBiiiiiiiiiiiiinwiii • > bNo Credit— No Discount— No Cbmmissions^MiajwiiMuii^cswwi^i^"™ "hob™"!
I I fw^\L^W} BIC FURNITURE STORE AND FACTORIES— Cover 3# Acres
Elegaeeein House Furnishing
Je£ir\1 V/z /f*\ m\ Commands the Attention of All Furniture Buyers.
j vv~~ — v^ =^7/-2» ' /^/^mIX While we are able to satisfy buyers of moderate means,
I IISmK J*l fe^fcN J^Wr*b'^ we have a great clientele with those that can afford grandeur
)t MMJj jV \ (hf^J&A ylS^ /Sd&\ m architectural and costly work.
/ r Jt^^l^^ jL^v^ifi - / /J*?j& San Francisco people have always recognized Patto-
V, - =^^^^^==- : <^^^^^^' 3 $^^ o sien's as a house that caters to the "classes as well as the
<k i£ —^*<V *^^^^^^^ f^ masses." Their liberal support led us to reductions of from
® s * — : /^'^'^ $ 1 0.25 20c to 40c on the dollar. A glance at our prices tells this.
worth $15.00 LACE CURTAINS.
METAL BEDS. Another treat in the way of a big shipment of Venetian
A whole carload came in the other day. We put them right p oint Lace Curtains . Some of the most beautiful effects ever
out where you can see them all— every kind and color — ar- . ,!_* . , . .,.
tistic designs of white or colored enamel-some made entirely ced before public.
of massive brass-in all THE PRETTIEST LOT WE M |S^ c y ? eB . P w\fh 1 ??eSI B^^n '^^STS^S'iS'&^i
EVER RECEIVED. We keep our reputation for low prices *« *»!»• <* 37.so W-w 1o gtyle , *o. «ju
.,. , . T • , . r r r SOME EXACT KEFKODTJCTIO2TS ARABIAN CTJKTAI2TS of American
On tills lot. JUSt See DelOW: O f those OJtl> rSEKCH CUB- make, beautlfuUy corded, de-
A FEW DESCRIBED. ' EKS-SST^.ff.S 5 -?* . SS.™^". 0 !'.' 1 " 1 .^ 10 - 50
One that is a little more elaborate, same style of white enamel Clft *>f) Magnificent AKABIAIT CT7KTAXKS Ever «o many more— too nnmer-
and larare braes trimming*; an excellent bed for «p»v.w wide, elaborate borders, two ou» to mention. Prices as low aa
GREEN BRONZE— With brass trimming; a very strontr bed COI (\(\ stylei; a regular 312.50 U:Q(sf) 81JS0. Evtrythlnfir In th» lias Is
that aeUa fast; a $30 value at <?AI.UW value at ..«PO» WU here.
BUTI 1 Aim aOJ,n, with a tint of green— three colors that C^fi 00 w »-> a T-\t-«r-fcXr ¥— « a nniAO
Harmonize and make this bed popular at v: DRAPFRY FARRinS
ALL BRASS — Desismed after a rare pattern — a piece of art in «»2 *>O • V^W«
massive brass; remind one of tie Royal furniture «?*#«.. **v r-L»LiLUJrr» ilAi Aft
nMrflnrf Ma . a^*. Drapery Fabrics by the Yard, 50c on the $1.00
_ . « . ff&r /Pvl For Drapery, Furniture Coverings, tian£ini*s» Etc.
Bedroom Suits. , /^/\JL wfifty inches wide.
The PEICES en our bedroom «^f[#>*< /w£*?Vr — ~. —.— ,*% . ¦«. . «. — -r-r <¦
suits have g-one to show that we Y&Or /Jmpffi 7^0 Qti C\C\ *Ri 9^ VilT»f!
undersell our competitors more Wf 'J$rA?\ Uut» /OU <J>1«UU, tpl.^U ldlU,
than ever. The*e suits that 'we *»« y}/ >&jJ\\ ¦ • '
j^^-fjffs?w?s ¦JW /f\ YOUR CHOICE FINE PARLOR PORTIERES.
dollars to go down town to pur-- U \*f jr /* \\
cnase. Rffl J/ J\\ • . #)»*» BPziiw M^ftf «5-
OAK STTIT— Three pieces, artis- \3g| ¦- 3^r Sr •***«? M-*m*m *.«s«o»
*2Su a"TS a ai5f vil liS _^^&s=»^~-^m $ 10 *00 values for $5.00; $13.50 values for $7.50;
Go'&KS SAK-Three pTeces that $15.00 Values fOP $10.00.
harmonize to maie a perfect fe^a hS*f!i «>i» TWwEsall — > ~* . . ....
f 8 r u^t be a r u es f s«! 7 wn" ed an "SSi *? .^_!_^P1 The Best Oarpet House in Town.
at" n the Bl low-price ( C^!S v'4' S^T Wf W 4H And WhCn WC Say bCSt W<= mCan thC bCSt P laCe — the mOSt
white •MAPi.E-'.nit of three & Jt W^ Mm reasonable place to get any Carpet that is on the market.
piece», heavily paneled and pret- |£ « ' ""^^ If the fact that our Carpets sell at 15c to 35c cheaper per
tily decorated, dresser glass y^- _ i£^ j&o,
?"ox24 uv^a •S3o rel *o/i easr * fe -W. *^i*-> yard isn't enough to draw you to our favor we can only say
BI^We MA^iT- Two 5^^^fe!^%-«Sr I WC & COmpkte Cai " PCt de P artment ** VCS CntirC
suit, beautifully carved dresser, ~ —^^1 W satisfaction to all of OUT present patrons.
(28x34 in.), head richly carved v Cll 7S Rl TAPESTOY BBTJSSEX.S la ta» EXXT&B AZMXSTSTXBS ia hxUth*.
and finished in beaded trim- *\J Ju JU » JU ks \g latest colors and deaigms of new patterns and rich shades.
TxuAign; a reduction §67 5(1 ._-« nnn , ...... ft ._ trreat variety, a carpet that sells This is especially a parlor carpet
at V° /<J " THIS «2JE G ° Il E E , 1 * ? A * for 30o more In town; O^r* that costs 31.35 down town. Big
QUABTEEED OAK SXTIT— Hisrh- DBESSER- Clean and stylish look- °J a \ VOC nissioa Sous. sell*. ... ci oj|
est quality, ? serpentine front in* — srenuine French mirror (30x24 v * c • yi " rv * 51.XU
dresser, 32 in. wide, shaped in.). Others sell this Dresser *°* EOXBUEY TAPSSTBXES The SAVOWHEiiiB AZMX3TSTSSS in
Prench plate glass $30. We seU for $22.2t) finestthe mills eveT seat us! floral and Oriental desigas—ths
(31x38 in.) ; 8125 §97 5 0 **""* " v ™5f harmo^Tta colors is hard latest from styl. centers. Tier.
value at «?«'*•*'*' O*h«»r Dr^CC^rQ to find in any carpet. It usually is a RTeat demand for this beauti-
\^llier urcoacidi costs Sl.35 per yard; CI 1(1 ful weave, but our prices stay
A Comer On OOIJ>x:i!r OAK, beautifully finished; we sell at 4>*«*V » t th« regular; per «1.60
vunici Ull worth $16 CIO OC yard •_--• N»»»**V
Di»Iak CiiKnitniia * A BIG HTVOICB of 160 roHs of BIGEIOW • LOWELL JUOtaJSfS-
KarlOr rlirnitUre. *,««i.«i m ** at r*nv finish DRESS. an exceUent *rade TAPESTBT TEKS, In soft, rich floral and Ori-
our Parlor Purniture factory run- i Sio mad* la haU designs, housa V»« w
in? full blast, with the result that BIBDSETE MAPI.E. 24x30 in. lar*e •»* w ££ r effects to 7flr« »"» *« **• xiad you raroally pay
we have a house full. . Ton know Trench plate glass; SLA.1 Ofl «»£* 'WC 83.00 for.
the reputation of "PATTOSIEN'S a sreat value for. . Jp^O.UU match.. 9-« w *»*•
own make," and with such a _ __ Ai _ Rocf Ounlitv Fivp-Frnme Rndv FSrtmsels
variety at his price you can b« Guaranteed Mattresses. oest rive-rrame ooay orusscis
suited * Made rUrht here. We know what Is la each PllCS TwO-tOlied Persian Patterns,
First we have some 5-PIECE one. and with our guarantee you may be sure of IvUJ^s, 1 wu luuwu r wioimai * ak * wl ""•
SUITS in birch frame, stronsr absolutely the best. , I, , 1^.0 t-jz: r^ ait+tzn
and lasting, with an artistically r«lifornln All W«nl Blanknto For the regular $18.50 kind— 6x9 feet S16.50
carved back, .covered .in .tap- CailTOrnia All WOOI CfiariKetS. ° ... ory rrr^. t>rsr% trr\
estry; Just about perfec- §35 TuU size, blue and pink borders ...'.84.00 For the regular $25-OO Kind — SJ^XIO^ lt.-$22.OU
Aa^tS;/ ° s-Wott' ' PiECE.' with a Be "ai5e ial si y 2 %?*'* woolt "^ "** "''""so OO For the regular $30.00 kind— 9x12 f eet. . . .$27.50
plain rolling back, higrhly pol- value, $i4.uu 8tfiU " ° «• . * ... „
ished, that srlves an effect Pure white cotton comforts, covered, In p O r the regular $37.50 Kind, QXI5 IOCt $O0.UU
of gTandeur to a plain <ji/l<> best auality «Uxoline S1.2.» ° Jr'-if^
room.... ............... v^ Eiderdowa comforts, covered with best Scotch and American INLAID Tile Linoleum,
A very attractive 3-PIECE STTIT. Quality satin .; 85. 5O . , _ ,
covered in yeiour and tapestry, regular downtown at $1.50 and $1-75, here two
noted 1 or its ctnzTBi Dili uy *w J ¦ «¦»¦ . f^tt #« _ ¦ •
BamaSk COVer, a beautiful and W^ /| B fi H Q^v g Myl I H H mMmmm—mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm wmmmmm——— hm — •— wmmm^mmmm,^—
substantial suit, in 3 <£97 H flB I IBS \BL ill SlJUU
pieces " 3ii/ fi %M> &- &\JhJrjLx?JljL VvO PTK^^Ws. nn.. rrnSn-M A1> ? Ck aad Uhiv
3-PIECE SUIT— Nicely carved $&em&3a WP FQU r lD I U II I «f°° d » frM «f charge
back, smooth prain. Bilk Da- _. . „ „. . ¦¦ 7 1 1 C f d 1 I I C It'll I within 100 miles of
«Ss. aad .. ve l 0U !.ff v : $ 3( > Sixteenth and Mission Sts. \*r—~ j ¦-& .^rn^co.
MISCELLANEOUS.The Chicago and Alton road is applying
oil sprinkling as a dust layer.
¦ Dr. Starr Jordan will act as toastmas
ter,' A. M. Sutherland will preside, Pro
fessor Rolfe of Stanford, Dr. Guthrle of
Alameda', Jules Sammaneau of Monterey,
Mrs.. Virgil Williams, personal friends of
Stevenson, Will give personal recollec
tions, and George St. John .Bremner will
sing one of Stevenson's songs.
.-One of the .events of. the coming week
in: literary .'afid "so'cial -.circles will be the
annual, dinner^ given , by,.- the Stevenson
Feliowshlp^Club to celebrate the birthday
of Robert Louis Stevenson.' On next Friday
night a large number of admirers of the
novelist will gather around the Stevenson
monument '< in square - with
flowers and decorate the monument.
Dr.Ernest E:' Baker will deliver an. ad
dress on "Stevenson Memorials,"" after
which one hundred invited guests will ad
journ to the California Hotel to partake
of a banquet and to listen to story, eulogy
and ' sons in honor of the beloved
"Kusltala." i-" :^- 1 .
TO. HONOR MEMORY, OF
ROBERT LOUIS STEVENSON
Monument "to -Poet "Will Be Decorated
by Admirers, Who Will Also
- • , ¦ Give Banquet. .' :
A lecture will be given at the reading
room for the blind in the Library > build
ing at* Fourth and Clara!streets-by\Wil
liam Greer Harrison? to-morrow, evening
Xbe subject will be "Radium."
Will Lecture on Radium.
The members of the Vampire '. Associa
tion football team will give a benefit en
tertainment next Thursday evening at
Scottish Hall. A splendid musical and
literary programme has been prepared
for the occasion.
Vampires to Entertain.
Superintendent Noble has been engaged
In active railroad Bervlce since 1862, when
he began his career as a messenger on
the Pennsylvania Railway. From this
modest position he rapidly rose to tele
graph operator and train dispatcher and
then to that of superintendent," leaving
the Texas and Pacific in 1886 to . take
charge of the Central Pacific operating
department at Dunsmuir. In March, 1898,
he was made superintendent of the Salt
Lake division of the Southern Pacific and
has since performed his duties at Ogden
in a creditable manner.
A circular issued from the office of
Manager James Agler of the Southern
Pacific Company yesterday announces
the resignation of J. S. Noble, superin
tendent of the Salt Lake division, with
headquarters at Ogden. W. R. Scott, as
sistant superintendent of the Sacramen
to division, is named as Noble's succes
sor and H. B. Breckenfeld of the Sacra
mento office will take the place vacated
by Scott.
The resignation of Superintendent No
ble has been expected for some time, he
having on several occasions intimated to
his friends that he was tiring of the re
sponsibilities of his position and was anx
ious to engage in private enterprises. A
few months ago he spent several days in
this city and it was then reported that
he had signified to General Manager
Kruttschnltt his determination to resign,
but Was asked to remain in his position
until the end of the year. Noble's resig
nation and the changes that result from'
it will take effect on November 15.
Superintendent of Salt Lake Division
to Be Succeeded by W. R. Scott
of Sacramento.
NOBLE SOON TO QUIT
THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trapper's CHI cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. 60c Hask. Richard & Co., 406 Clay.*
Koaey TlsHt la If ew York.
Two Wholesale Cloak Manufacturers
accept 65c on the dollar. This Is the
price paid by Mr. SlminofE of San Fran
cisco for nearly S500 Tailor-Made Suits,
hundreds of Jackets and thousands of
Ekirts. Most of the Suits have arrived
by express and will be on sale beginning
to-morrow at the Golden Gate Cloak and
Suit House, 12S0-1234 Market street. •
The old original Indian Basket Store,
£38 Post St.. cor. Jones, selling out at cost.
Examine our stock before buying. *
The seven lieutenants in the Police De
partment who will take the civil service
examination for promotions to captains
on November 12 next, successfully passed
the medical examination held in the
rooms of the Civil Service Commission
last Friday night. The examination was
under the direction of Drs. Ward, Hill
and Rethers.
Pass Medical Examination.
League of the Cross Concert?
The League of the Cross band of forty
pieces under the leadership of Lieutenant
Ernest G. Williams will render the fol
lowing programme at the Almshouse this
afternoon at 2 o'clock:
'"Etar fcD&nrled Banner"; inarch, "Dixie
Girt." Lanioe; overture, "Recollection of
Stephen Foster." Mackie-Beyer; Intermezzo,
"Anona," Grey: solo for French horn, selected,
Miss Kthel CJraxer; march, "Passing Review,"
Gtmpel; selection, "Robin Hood," De Koven;
waltzes, "Symposia," Bendlx; intermezzo,
"Lauchlnff Water." Hacer; characteristic,
"An Arkansas Huskla' Bee," Pryor; "Amer
ica." jw.j,
On the concave side of the star was
stamped the name of the Market-street
firm that had made It. The foreman ad
mitted that fire badges had also been
made by them for .persons who had
claimed to have lost the badges furnished
them by the Fire Commissioners.
Agent Hazen informed the representa
tive of the firm that if any more United
States Secret Service badges were made
by them he would make complaint against
the firm in the Federal court on a charge
of aiding and abetting the false imper
sonation of a United States officer.
United States .Secret Service Agent
George W. . Hazen gave a Market-street
firm, of rubber-stamp makers and engrav
ers a warm lecture last Friday for manu
facturing for an irresponsible person a
sliver plated police star, bearing the in
scription, "United States Secret Service,
Captain." The star was found in pos
session of a vagrant named H. Hoover,
alias Henry Greshham, alias O'Brien, ar
rested in Chlco last Thursday. He had
obtained the badge from a lad named
Kruse, a deserter from the training ship
at Yerba Buena Island. As there was no
evidence that Hoover had obtained money
or credit on the star, Agent Hazen could
not tile a complaint against him.
Charles Haudl Falls From "Window
Upon Him and Mortally In
jures Him.
William Taylor, a clerk. 67 years old,
died nt thfi City and County Hospital yes
terday of injuries received by a fall. The
hospital officials reported to the Coroner
that Taylor had died of pneumonia, but
the autopsy showed that he had been
mortally injured in an accident.
lie was passlrg the Alabama restaurant
on the corner of Sacramento and Market
•treets on October 12 when Charles Haudl.
a window cleaner, fell upon him. Both
men tumbled into the basement.
Taylor was married and lived at 756
Seventh street, Oakland.
WILLIAM TAYLOR KILLED
IN A PECULIAR ACCIDENT
The concert will be given for the bene
fit of the choir music fund and will be
under the direction of George King. The
programme will be an elaborate and ar
tistic one and is as follows:
Full chorus, '•Lass of Richmond Hill," Engr-
Heh gle«: duet. Miss R. Brodertck and George
King; bass solo. R. E. Keene: quintet. Wilfred
Glenn and Preps Club Quartet; soprano boIo.
Miss Rose Broderick; chorus, "Praise Te the
Father" (Gounod), full choir: mixed quartet.
Miss R. Brcderick soprano. Miss R. Weston
contralto. A. E. McMIUon tenor. M. Warde
bass; tenor solo, R. H. Hunt; contralto solo.
Miss Ruth 'Weeton; selections. English srlees,
Pre58 Club Quartet — A. E. McMillon. R. II.
Hunt. George R. King. R. E. Keene: 6oprano
polo. Master Sylvester Hallowell; chorus, "Oh.
Who Will O'er the Downs so Free?" English
glee, entire choir.
Considerable interest is being taken in
the concert by a number of prominent
ladies and gentlemen and a very large
attendance is eXDected.
A grand concert will be given by St.
John's Episcopal Church choir on Tues
day evening, November 17, at St. John's
Guild Hall, Fifteenth street and Julian
avenue.
Elaborate Programme Will Be Ren
dered on Tuesday Evening,
November 17.
ST. JOHN'S CHUBCH CHOIR
TO GIVE GRAND CONCERT
Threatens Arrest for
Making Secret Ser
vice Badges.
HAZEN CAUTIONS
MANUFACTURERS
I barber, ' had secured his tools from a
>hop on-Seoond street in. which hie was
employed and left on an early morning
.rain, still having his young son j in his
ceeplng.' Immediately circulars were sent
>ut to the various chiefs of police 'and
Sheriffs on the Pacific slope by Captain of
Detectives Martin and a reward offered
lor the apprehension of the pair. Nothing
was heard of them until yesterday," when
he telegram announcing their arrest in
Portland arrived.
The police of this city have been noti
fied, of the arrest yesterday of William
Wolfson and Fanny Ruloff in Portland,
Or. Both are wanted on serious charges
and jumped their' bail during the latter
part of last month. An officer will; prob
ably leave thlj city to-day to bring the
fugitives back. . ':'..'.
Mrs. Bertha Wolfson, wife of one of the
prisoners, is In this city from, Boston,
Mass.. and is prosecuting the .charges
through her attorney. A. A.- Friedlander.
Mrs. Wolfson alleges that her. marriage .to
the defendant occurred nine years ago
and that he deserted her three years ago
in the East, taking their ¦ 6-year-old •' son
with him. She heard nothing more of him
until about seven ' months ago, ' wllen he'
came to £>ong Branch, Cal., and met th«
woman who is now under arrest with
him. This woman was being supported
by a man mimed Max Sauls, Mrs. Wolfson
alleges, and Wolfson availed himself of
Sauls', absence In Seattle to win the af
fections of his mistress. Just previous to
their separation Mrs. - Wolfson had her
husband arrested In Boston for brutal
treatment, but he Jumped- his. bonds on
this charge and came West.
Wolfson and the woman- came to San
Francisco, and Sauls on his trip back
from Seattle met them here. Considerable
trouble followed and the Ruloff woman
had Sauls arrested on a charge of having
Btolen about 11000 worth of Jewelry. Noth
ing, however, was done, with the case, but
Sauls left the city. Then Attorney Frled :
lander brought Mrs. Wolfson to the coast
with her two small- children, and she
swore to a warrant charging her hus
band with failure to provide for a minor
child. The wife and babies were destitute
and are still living. wholly on the charity
of friends. Later another charge was \
placed against I the man, and his consort
was also- taken into custody.
On October 24, when the case was called.
It was found that both had jumped their
bonds and left the city. Wolfson, who is
' Court* Seal . Racki No, ,.45, Foresters of
America^, will glye.lt? annual. ball'ror the'
entertainment of -members, i'friends and'
acquaintances In; Native Sons' Hall on the
evening of November 2L , Dr. 'Charles M.
Troppmann, ' grand recording secretary of
the order, is the chairman of the commit
tee of arrangements. ¦ . .
Foresters' "Annual Ball.
Janice Emrnons, one of the women, who
lives at 217 Post street, was severely cut
on the head and face. Her scalp was bad
ly torn, her arms and limbs cut in a
Bcore of places and her nose fractured.
When the surgeon at the Receiving-Hos
pital was dressing her numerous wounds,
he discovered the remains of a broken
champagne glass in "her. stocking. The'
young woman had been souvenir collect
ing, but swears that- it/ was for the last
time. The- doctors worked for houra re
moving bits of broken -glass! from the
woman's anatomy. ¦• N
' Lola Farris and Nellie York,'; the other
women. in the smashup, who rqom at 212
Post street, were badly bruised and cut,
but not so seriously injured as their com
panion. . After being patched • up they
were able to proceed to their home.
The chauffeur, Faulkner, who lives at
207,, Jones 'street, w ; as ' badly injured by
the 'Shock and weight of his share of the
auto which ' he bore up. V His-. arms were
severely contused.
The identity of the two men who made
their ungallant escape could not be as
certained.
The party hired the automobile from
the Mobile Company on Golden Gate ave
nue yesterday morning 'about ¦ 1 . o'clock.
Thejmachlne was. a wreck and had to be
removed in a ;dray. ..
Two of the men in the party,, not want
ing to gain any publicity, had hurried
away and left the women, and chauffeur
to look out for themselves. *
After returning from a night of wild
hilarity at the Cliff House, a party of
three men and three women were hurled
from a racing automobile early yesterday
morning on Golden Gate avenue, near
Fillmore street. All of the party were
more or less seriously injured.
auto,. in. charge of Chauffeur A: G.
Faulkner of the Mobile Company on
Golden Gate avenue, was return
ing from the beach. The 'hour.
was 4 a. m. The party was in. the
highest of spirits and demanded that the
chauffeur run fast. He complied f with
the demand. The machine^ struck a. hole
in the street,' jumped into the air, spun
around in a circle and turned completely
over, throwing out the' occupants and
burying them .beneath its whirring ma
chinery. ". .
Police Officers Hiett, Layne and Glee
son wore" coming down Fillmore -street
and' ran. across the. upturned automobile
with its screaming victims' beneath. The
machine's wheels were whizzing around
at breakneck speed.
Cause of the Trouble Due to
Running at Too High-
Speed.
Police Notified of Detention
of William Wolfson and
His Consort.
Jumped Their Bail and
Are Arrested in
Portland.
AUTOMOBILISTS
SERIOUSLY HURT
Speeding Oar Jumps
in Air and VTurns
Somersault.
TWO FUGITIVES
ARE CAPTURES
B.F.Stoll, dentist; Halght & Masonic av.*
. The TJnion Trust Company yesterday
sued Alblna S. C. Caire, administratrix
of the estate of the late Justinian Caire.
for an accounting of the estate of the
late Giovanni Cerruti, of which Caire was
administrator. It is claimed that the lat
ter never tiled an account of his steward
ship. The Union Trust Company, as his
successor, avers in * particular that Caire
sold outside lands belonging to the Cer
ruti* estate for $S000: and never accounted
for them. ,
Sues Caire's Estate.
Sarah Owens, wife of James Owens,
yesterday sued her husband for $40 a
month maintenance. She says that
though he has $2000 on deposit in the
Hibernla Bank she has had to work for
the support of herself and two children
since September 7 last. On that date,
she says. he. abandoned her.. Pending the
trial of the suit Owens cannot withdraw
the funds from the bank. Judge Murasky
having . restrained the * bank from hon
oring his demands.
Sues Husband for Support.
. Mayor Schmltz stated yesterday that a
capitalist assured him that as soon as the
bonds for municipal improvements are
declared valid by the Supreme Court they
¦will be taken up at par and possibly at
a premium. The Mayor says the capital
ist, whose name he cannot disclose, will
deposit $50,000. as evidence of good faith.
Clerk Fay of the Board of Supervisors is
in receipt of many Inquiries from East
ern bond brokers and syndicates desiring
to be informed regarding the bonds, with
the intention of purchasing some when
they are put on the market. .
Heady to Buy Municipal Bonds.
Reduced rates on household goods to * front
ti» East ft South. Bekin's. 11 Montgomery. *
What Braunhart Spent.
Supervisor Bra^nhart was th© first can
didate to comply with the law requiring
an Itemized statement of receipts and ex
penditures to conduct his campaign un
der the purity of elections law. His
statement filed" with the Registrar yes
terday shows that he gave $72 to th«
Democratic committee as a campaign
contribution and spent *45 for printing
and advertising, so it cost him $117 to b©
elected. ,
The principal "side shows" of the Paris
Exposition represent a capital of about
J9.000.000, every cent of which has been
subscribed.
The Board of Public "Works yesterday
referred to the City Attorney for a legal
opinion the petition of the Realty Im
provement Company for permission to
open Devisadero street through private
property from Duboce avenue, formerly
Thirteenth street, to Fourteenth street.
It is the desire of the company to deed
to the city a strip of land forty-eight feet
wide in the block bounded by Duboce ave
nue and Fourteenth, Alpine and Castro
streets, with the object of having the city
declare the land so deeded an open pub
lic street for the extension of Devisadero
City' Engineer Grunsky investigated the
petition and reported to the Board of
Public Works that the opening of the
street was a desirable improvement in
every detail, and he recommended that
favorable action be taken on the petition.
The Board of Public Works was con
fronted with an obstacle in ordering the
opening of the street owing to a charter
provision that no street can be dedicated
for public use unless it Is at least 200 feet
away from the nearest parallel street.
The street designed to be opened was
found to be only 180 feet from Castro
street, and therefore the board is prohib
ited, from taking favorable action. How
ever, the board referred the matter to the
City Attorney for his advice as to.wheth
er the charter provision is binding in the
premises.
Provision Prevents the
Openingfof Devisa
dero Street.
CHARTER BLOCKS
AN IMPROVEMENT
1HE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1903.
28
SPECIAL
O A IT TJ^
Commencing Monflap, NpyemliBP 9tli,
we will place on Special Sale about
400 pairs Fine California Wool
Blankets for single,, three-parter,
douBle and extra large Leds,
These Blankets were purchased ho us
from the Golden Gate Woolen Mllls\at-a great
reduction in Dries and are the finest goods
made bu them, Theucome In assorted Bor-
ders, are bound with wide SUk Ribbon and
will be sold from I
$3.75 to $10.00 Paik
HousekeeDers will save from $1,50 to, $5.00
Der Dair in Durchaslng these Blankets v gow«
• ¦VJsf^^'Tni^ Orders by mall receive prompt attention.
1 iVJf 1"I2/ All orders for samples or goods filled
. and shipped same day they are received.
ill, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
ADVEKTISEMEUTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEM22ITS.
Oriental Goods I
At Wholesale Prices
W Offer Oiur Xntiro Extra, rta* Col-
Oriental Rugs
AND CURTAINS
At 25 Per Cent
Siseocnt fsirai regular retail prices. <
X7e are sole agent* for
JOHN CROSSLEY & SOiVS
CELEBRATED ENGLISH CARPETS
Chas.j" v Pluffl&Co.;
! Cor. 9* 1 ti Market Sts. \
EXPERT OPTICIAN.
GERMAN EYEWATER!
THE GBIATEST JUX12 S2ZXKZ9X ZX
THE WOSLO.
(Trademark.)
Xnstanly Believe* All Sy* Troabl*.
Makes Weak Eyes Stronjr, Bis-
eased Eyes Well.
A harmless and effective r-tnedy for CTtak
Eyes, poor Sight. Painful. Sore, DlmAarfinr.
Inflamed or Injured Eye*. Red. Crusty and.
Gluey Eyelids. Floating Spots. Cloudy Vision.
Feelliur like Sand In the Eyes.
BEWABS O7 UTJTraiOTJS ZMZTATZO2TS
INSIST on retting; the Genuine, beartar tha
trademark— an Eye with a Crown. Pnc», 60e;
by mall, 62c.
SISTER MART BAPTIST. Sister of Mercy.
Grass Valley, writes: My eyes havo much Im-
proved by the use of George Mayerle's German
Eyewater, and I heartily Indorse It.
OEOROE XATISLZ,
Highest Optical Skill. Charter Member Amer-
ican Association of Opticians. Graduate Amer-
ican College of Opththalmolocy, Philadelphia
Optical College. N. I. College of Ophthalmol-
ogy, S. B. College of Optics; Honorary Member
of the I>elaware and lowaStat* Optical So-
cieties. 1071 MASXXT STREET.
Opposite Callaghatx Building, near Serenth.
Telephone South 572. Eye* Examined Fr««.
CUT THIS OUT. ¦>,*.:.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Invalids and children, even the -most
delicate, use. them, with marked benefit
as'they contain no strong, irritating
drugs, no 'cathartic nor any harmful in-
gredient. . ,
, Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets is the most
successful and most widely known of
any > remedy ', for .stomach , troubles be-
cause it is the most reasonable and sci-
entific of raodernvmedicines.
I Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets • are sold
by every druggist in the '.United States
and. Canada as .well as in. Great Britain,
at 50 cents for complete treatment.-, -
Nothing 1 further is -.- required to cure
any. stomach trouble or to . make thin,
nervous "dyspeptic ' people, -strong,' plump
and well. '•/. '¦''', . .- . ¦>
If such persons would lay their preju-
dices aside and make a regular practice
of taking, after each meal, one or two
of . Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets the food
would be quickly and thoroughly digest-
ed, because these tablets contain the
natural peptones and diastase which
every weak stomach lacks, and by sup-
plying this want' the stomach is soon
enabled to reach its natural tone and
vigor.
Stuart's ' Dyspepsia Tablets digest
every form of flesh forming food, meat,
eggs,' bread and potatoes, and this is the
reason : they so quickly build up,
strengthen and invigorate thin, dyspep-
tic men, women and children.
But the trouble is that while we eat
enough . and generally- too much, the
stomach, from abuse and overwork, does
not! properly digest and assimilate it,
which is the reason so many people re-
main thin and under weight; the digest-
ive organs do not completely digest the
food forming beefsteak and eggs and
similar wholesome food.
There are thousands of such who are
really confirmed dyspeptics, although
they may have no particular pain or 'in-
convenience from their stomachs.
Common aenao would suggest that if
one wishes to -become fleshy and plump
It can only result from the food we eat
and digest and that food should be al-
buminous or flesh forming food, like
eggs, beefsteak, and cereals; In other
words the kinds of food that make flesh
are the foods which form the greater
part of our daily bills of fare.
But It Has Proven of Interest and
Value to Thousands. *¦; i •
ONLY A SUGGESTION.
If Ka . »inip,«.im — iinr. ** ~---— -^^— '^ r »*.9 . x^
I CRAVB\ETTE RAIN COATS
] LADIES' CRAVEXETTE RAIN COATS, made of
Q genuine English Cravenette, which we guarantee not to
R . spot by the rain and to be absolutely waterproof; fin-
| ished in a superior manner; full length; some plain,
}« others with triple capes; positively the very latest
H Styles.
• SI 9.50 $21.50 $23.50 $25.00 $32.50
UNDERWEAR DEP'T
| For winter wear one needs flannel undergarments.
I Our assortment comprises a variety of designs in solid
\ color and striped effects. Our own manufacture, which
Pj is a guarantee as to proper width, length and best qual-
B ity of materials.
[1 LADIES' GOWNS, made of solid color or striped
[ daisy flannel; featherstitched braid on yoke, collar and..
[ cuffs; all sizes. A comfortable garment {>¦ Ark
i and a good value for yltUU
LADIES' UNDERSKIRTS, made of solid color or
striped daisy flannel; French yoke belt; deep flounce
with embroidered scallop; all sizes. ; A re '-ff/'\/i
markably good skirt for a small price vlv/ir
MACNIN'S CHEVIOT WAISTS
t Just received iwo charming styles of Winter Waists. ¦ ;
I They are made of imported white cheviot in scroll dc-
I signs and satin-finish stripes;
| fancy yokes; stylishly tucked "^[f^^»v
L front and back; one style with j^^^^^s
I siJk collar and tabs; all sizes; >W&j[lPW^
c finished in a superior manner. QJT jjr
>} Decidedly the proper waists s — ;^-^^"^^fe;^ <»
fur the approaching winter — iifefierW^SS^
u waists that will win admiration ( fS&*-5$l ||ffil&
b from the fastidious. if^^i^iw^lll
!| S5.75 and $6.00 |l§Sfl|||
f BLAMKET fi^Pl
| ROBES^ bl^ ket
\\ ROBES, made of heavy Ger- a V
[j man flannel of novel Persian 1i> y "^^§ ¦ ' V
f' design, in a vast variety of a — l^'^^zsifwTT*
t] colorings; cord and tassel at V 8f^3"i'-'.'
P waist; sailor collar; deep turn- i W&ffoyi ffBm :^i
i ideal garment for C7 CZ(\ J&^%'$^@W®l
i cold eather J ' oyj ypS;^M,
R We arc exclusive Pacific ?^S^^y^ J^^k
TRL'DE GARMENTS.
I 918-922 Market Street.
H * Our Fall and Winter Catalogue contains a complete line of stylish
I wear for women and ch.il dren. It will be sent free upon request.
WomerisAjyarelExd
117 Geary Street
All purchases delivered free to any point in the State.
Store opens at Q a. m. and closes at 5:30 p. m.
y^^^m pur new
arrived
Tailored
r^HHS| Gowns » Coats and Waists,
1 I^^^^^ra Innovations From Leading
V Spt^?S ¦'** American and European
\. J \ it elt;es has been very inclusive and ';'
\ / I \ \ sonally chosen after a critical re-
\ / . h V \ view of all the newest and most
\ /'i\ II r -\ effective ideas introduced in the
\ / \\ k \ \ leading fashion centers.
' \ 7 ¦ \\ V j V \ \ The scope of styles is very
Vi \\ \l \ I \ broad, ranging: from the smartly
// \\ V \ 1 / tne e ' aDorat e lacv effects
,//! \\ V \ I >^ for formal evening func-
¦ ' ¦'¦ v^O^""-* ' ¦ $35.00 and up
./ Crepe de Chine and Net Gowns in black, white and ;
¦ J colors •••• ..$50.00, 955.OO, 96O.OO and up
r - -f^r a great novelty. is the new Chiffon Velvet , Gown.
with instep skirt: they come in brown, reseda, mole
I and gun-metal gray ..........:.. ..$75.OO, ?8O.OO and $9O.OO
I An enormous variety of street and evening Coats in short and -'T;
! three-quarter lengths: v
'- Short and Three-quarter, length Coats for street wear: tight, half ,
fitting and loose............. ?25.OO, ?35.OO, 945.OO and up
Three-quarter length Evening Coats, in white, gray, mole and
champagne colors ....... .1.... $50.00/ $55.00, $75.00 and up
A REMARKABLE SPECIAL
Short and half lencrtlrCoats"; in tan;, black and red — winter. ' '.
weight— in fact; a little heavier than we wish them to be— and must
be closed out. There arc only. 75 garments in the lot and will be
sold at these prices: ,
$10.00 to $14: W -Coats at '.". ........ ; .............. .$4.5O
$22.00 ftci^ $.10.00 Coats at .:........:.... .......:^$7.75 ;;
$30.00 to $4500 Coats at .'....¦...........r......-.$ll;75 '
--- — • . ' — "~ — : • — — *
Mid-Season Novelties
Just received from our Mr. Cailleau, now in New York
Tailor Suits
Costumes
Evening Wraps
Coats
Waists, Etc.
Largest Assortment j> jfc jk Lowest Prices
ARMAND GAILLEAU
" ¦ ¦ INCORfORPlT^D ¦ ¦ -
112-114-116 KEARNY STREET
ADVEETISEuIENTS.When she was stricken with her fatal
illness she at first went to ¦ the County
Hospital. There it was learned she was
possessed of money and her friends had
her removed to St. Joseph's Home, where
she died.
After this event the decedent returned
to this city and occupied a flat at Seven
teenth and Mission streets, over a grocery
store. She lived a retired and quiet life,
having no friends except Rickman, who
became a roomer In her flat. She 'was
parsimonious and no . one suspected that
she. was possessed of means, although it
is stated that she sometimes displayed
diamonds and jewelry to the value of
several thousand dollars. i V' ¦
The Columbian Banking Company has
been very successful as a. business ven
ture. The profits are reported to be some
thing like $50,000 per annum. The capital
and surplus are figured at $100,000.
marriage the third husband shot himself
In a New York hotel.
A disagreement hsft taken place among
the directors of the Columbian Banking
Company over a proposed issue of 500
shares of treasury stock of the company.
This has led to the filing in the Superior
Court of a petition for an Injunction to
restrain the majority of the board of di
rectors from carrying out the stock issue.
At a meeting of the board of directors
last Wednesday a motion was carried
that authorized putting the 500 shares of
stock on the market. In a few minutes
the vote was followed by a distribution
of the stock that had been voted and it
was all taken. At least the minutes of
the bank will probably so show. The
majority of the members of the
board had the power to adopt
the resolution. The minority of
the board, consisting of President I. J.
Truman and Vice President Turpin, took
the view that the action was illegal, in
asmuch as it had been taken without se
curing the assent of the stockholders in
the banking company. Messrs. Truman
and Turpin, as soon as the meeting of
the board was ended, proceeded to have
filed a petition for an injunction. Notice
was served on the majority of the. board
of directors early the next morning.
Since then there have been uo moves, the
directors of both parties awaiting the ac
tion of the Superior Court.
The purpose in voting the issue of 500
shares of treasury stock was to give the
present minority stockholders -control of
the affairs of the banking company. Al
th-ugh Messrs. Truman and Turpin are
a minority in the board of directors, they
together hold more than one-half of the
stock that has been issued. They are the
possessors of 1339 sares. The other stock
issued amounts to 1156 shares in all. The
remainder of the stock authorized by the
articles of incorporation is still treasury
stock. This explains the application for
an injunction. While Messrs. Truman
and Turpin cannot get any vote through
the board of directors as a minority, they
still are in control by holding the major
ity of the issued stock. The other direc
tors are J. Audrey Sadler, W. J. Bartnett
C. O. Perry, James Swift and Allen Grif
fith. The cashier of the bank Is C O
Perry, and the injunction is aimed at
him.
Daring Motorist Is
Wildly Cheered
by Crowd.
AN OPEN event for cars of six and
a half horse power and under intro
duced the motorists yesterday at
Ingleside race track. There were
four starters and it. turned out almost a
practice spin for the .White car operated
by W. Grothe. The Oldsmobile, driven
by W. 8. Hunt, finished second and W.
H. Kellogg on his Buckboard, which
twice finished third on Friday, again
got the show.
Under" the rules governing the five
mil© race which followed, gasoline cars
only, 1200 prfunds and" under, were al
lowed to compete. In this W. F. Win
chester, driving a Franklin, enjoyed quite
as easy a thing of ; it as did the White
car in the race preceding.. It was a
processional affair, • the Franklin winning
all alone in 7:53 1-5. The announced time
for the Franklin operated by R. Fowler,
and which finished; second, was 9:54 4-5,
though this looked like an error on the
part of the "dockers." C. S. Luckhardt
and his Rambler took third position
crossing the tape. F. R. Luckhardt and
hi3 St. John machine had a misunder
standing and withdrew the first mile.
O. A. McNabb and his Cadellac did not
finish. i .¦.'. :•¦?- - _.r^
Thomas A. White, who captured the
race for motor cycles with his Rambler
on Friday, also annexed the same event
yesterday, the distance again being five
miles. He started with a time allowance
of ten seconds, and finished a clever
winner in 8:01 3-5 over the scratch man,
E. M. Coffin, on a Duck machine, whose
time was 8:03. Third prize went* to A. H.
Sampson,
There was genuine enthusiasm when,
the five-mile event for cars 1S00 pounds
and under, was called, for Barney Old
field made his first appearance of the
day, seated in his "Baby Bullet No. 3."
The champion made no bones about going
out and, making the pace for other com
petitors when, Jack Gleason dropped his
red bunting, and that is all 'there was to
it. Oldfield finished first in 5:41 4-5. Then
followed at ' stated intervals Pierre
Desmet with his big, blustering, sputter
ing Mors ! Jn 6:31 4-5, and W. Grothe,
driving a White steamer, in 6:53. W. F.
Winchester's Franklin dropped out in the
fourth mile. ,' •
SATJNDEBS SETS THE PACE.
Quite in the. same^ fashlon^dld ' W. E.
Saunders,. who drove's. Toledo, dispose of
the other three starters in the five-mile
open event for cars " 24 horse ; power and
under. At -the start , Saunders assumed
the lead with" the big car/maintaining
the ! front position throughout, : and finish
ing In 6 :34 1-5. The White ! steam car, op
erated - by F. A. Garbutt, was second l In
6:36 2-5. ;
Then came the feature event of the day,'
the-ten-mlle open'race, the first prize for
which -was? $400..; Barney Oldfleld could
scarcely take : any chances on losing: this,
so , he wheeled out \ his big "Bullet No. s 2"
car. If the track showed signs; of molsti
ure when ; the, champion', started ') out, the
pacehe set. made It look dry and parched
before the 'completion of the ten: miles.
Continued on Page 30, Column 1.
WORLD FAMOUS MOTORIST AND SOME OF HIS COMPETITORS IN THE EXCITING RACES AT INGLESIDE
TRACK YESTERPAY .''TOGETHEJR WITH SOME OF THE SPECTATORS, WHO SHOWED KEEN INTEREST
IN THE VARIOUS EVENTS ON THE PROGRAMME. ; , ;
Injunction Sought to
Prevent an Issue
of Stock.
Mrs. Krzyzanowski had a most ro
mantic history, according to De Golia.
£he was born in Polish Russia and claim
ed to have been of noble birth. Her first
husband was a Russian officer, who was
arrested for conspiracy against the Gov
ernment, and was shot while trying to
escape. Her second husband was a dis
solute Russian officer, who dissipated
most of his wife's fortune and then killed
himself. She traveled over Europe with
her two children, both of whom died In
Paris. In the early eighties she came to
can Francisco. Here she was married to
General Krzyzanowbkl, who bad com
manded a brigade In the Civil ."War, and
was then engaged in running a' combina
tion ealoon and cigar store on Montgom
ery street. They went to New York for
their honeymoon and eight days after, tbe
On October 17 another contest was filed
by Darwin C. de Golia and Charles J.
Pence on behalf of Aioyzy Sylvester Bor
kowski, who claimed to be a nephew of
the dead woman and wanted her money.
His attorneys say he is a resident of Si
lesia. Austria, and a son of the decedent's
brother. The contest of the alleged son
had never been pressed, but this new con
test seemed to alarm Gantner & Guntz,
the undertakers who had buried the de
cedent, and who up to this time had not
presented their bill. On October IS they
filed a. bill with the executor for $1332 for
expenses 'connected with the burial, of
which $1300 was approved by Executor
Rickman, and an order for that amount
allowed by Judge Trout. One of the Items
¦was J3000 for a casket.
Darwin C. de Golia, one of the attorneys
for the latest contestant, admitted yes
terday that he Intended filing a petition
Monday which would embrace the above
facts as set forth in the records of the
case, and would ask that further inroads
on the funds of the estate be prevented
until their client had a chance to present
his claims for possession of the money
left by his alleged aunt. If e^ criticized
severely the methods adopted by Rick
rnan and his attorney, George II. Perry,
in practically dii'idingr a large portion of
the estate before any chance had been
STlven for the matter to be fully adjudi
cated. He claimed that the withdrawal
of all money from the funds of the es
tate had been entirely Irregular and
charged that an effort was being made
to dissipate the funds to forestall the
claims of his client. He said the coming
petition would embody these charges.
BOMANTIC CABEEB.
OOT3 MOBE CLAIMANT.
Th^ contest disposed of. the will was
admitted to probate. Rickman, the lega
tee, who had assigned his interests in the
estate to his attorney, George H. Perry-,
was appointed executor by Judge Troutt
to replace the special administrator, A. L.
Coulton, who had been appointed pending
the contest. The estate, consisting of
money in the Hibcmia Bank and the San
Francisco Savir.gs Union, remained In the
depositories until the contest was settled,
subject to the order of the court.
On July 2S James g. Maguire filed no
tice of contest to the will as attorney for
Joseph Krzyzanowski. an alleged son of
the decedent. The return on the service
of tne notice shows that it was served
on George H. Perry, attorney for Rick
man, on July 27. On the following day.
however, notwithstanding the notice of
contest. Perry presented to Judge Trout
an order for the transfer of $11,000 of the
funds of the estate to Rickman, who was
serving as executor without bonds. This
order was granted on the same day the
new contest was filed and the money
passed Into the hands of Rickman. The
records do not show that at that time
there had been any order for a partial
distribution of the estate, "-.• ' \-
ANOTHER CONTEST FILED.
Sensational developments are more than
likely to follow a petition which v.ill be
filed to-morrow in Judge Troutt's court.
In the matter of the estate of Palagia
Krzyzanowski, an eld woman who died in
this city February 1 of this year, leaving
an estate valued approximately at $25,000.
After a her death a will was produced be
queathing her entire estate to one Charles
Rickman, who, although no relative of the
decedent, was said to be a warm friend
of hers. The will expressly stated that
the iestator died without natural heirs.
Shortly after the production of the will
a contest was filed on behalf of Marie
Nightengale, an alleged daughter of the
decedent, by Nagle & Nagle, her attor
neys, alleging various causes for setting
aside the instrument and giving the estate
to the contestant. As the hearing- pro
gressed it was evident that the contestant
was making out a decidedly weak case.
Reputable witnesses testified that she was
the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Nighten
gale, who ran a public house at one time
on the San Bruno road, and as such suc
ceeded to their property at their deaths.
Other equally strong testimony was in
troduced attacking the claims of the con
testant, and it was generally supposed
that she had prosecuted a hopeless case.
Bt-fore the hearing vras completed, how
over, to the surprise of every one, a stip
ulation was fiifu whereby Charles Rick
man, the btm-Sciary under the alleged
?.ill. agreed to pay Miss Nightengale
$10,000 to dismiss the contest. At the time
it was understood that she was to receive
SS«* and Nagle & Nagle $5'X«) of the
money when It should be paid.
Will Charge That Disbursements of
Funds Have Been Made Irreg
ularly to Bob Their
Client.
Attorneys for Last Claimant
Freparing Sensational
Fetition.
Krzyzanowski Estate
Will Provoke More
Litigation.
FIGHT OVER
MONEY WILL
BE RENEWED
BARNEY OLDFIELD DRIVES HIS FLYING RED CAR, BULLET NO. 2,
A MILE IN THE MARVELOUSLY FAST TIME OF 58 4-5 SECONDS
BALLIET WANTS
MAIL DELIVERED
Asks That Postmaster
Be Restrained From
Interfering.
Alleges That Hi3 Mines Are
Equipped and Very
Valuable.
Novel Point Made That
Manufacturers Are
Laborers.
Spectators Enjoy
the Exciting
Sport.
Letson Balliet, whose mall was stopped
by a fraud order issued by the Postmas
ter General on October 10, filed a com
plaint in equity yesterday in the United
States Circuit Court through his attor
ney, Bert Schleslnger. asking that W. W.
Montague, postmaster at San Francisco,
be enjoined from holdlng^his mail and
that he be required to surrender to Bal
llet all the mall now withheld by him.
The complaint is entitled the White
Swan Mines Company, Limited, against
W. W. Montague. It sets forth that Bal
llet is engages in the business of raining
for gold, that' he owns and manages the
White Swan group of mines, twelve mile*
east of Baker City, Or. The complaint
recites further that the mining company
was incorporated for $1,250,000 capital
stock divided into 1,230.000 shares of the
par value of $1 each, and having as its
board of directors Letson Balliet, James
E. Henry, T. R. Dawe, J. N. Woodward.
Emmett Callaghan. C. W. Hill, J. H.
Smith, R. A. Coleman and S. B. Hewith.
It is averred that $1,20,000 have been sub
scribed for stock issued to 1343 subscrib
ers and stockholders, of which twenty
five are in California, eleven in Delaware.
100 In Illinois, twenty-five in Indiana, 42^
in Iowa, sixty-one In Kansas, sixteen in
Maine, twenty-seven in Maryland, sixty
three in Massachusetts, fourteen in Mich
igan, forty-nine in Missouri, forty-eight
in Nebraska, eighteen in Minnesota, six
teen in New Jer3ey, sixty-eight in New-
York, thirty-four in Ohio, ninety-five in
Pennsylvania, seventeen in Washington
and fifty in Wisconsin.
CLAIMS DEBT IS SMALL.
It is averred also that only 203 person*
are indebted to the company for stock.
the- largest . account due from any one
stockholder being $70, the total amount
due not exceeding $3000. It is alleged fur
ther that more than $100,000 has been
spent legitimately for developing the min
ing property, that said property is now
of great value and that work upon the"
same has been diligently prosecuted every
day for eighteen months. £ * .
The complaint further sets forth that
many tons of pay quartz are new avail
able, ready to be crushed; that the mine
is completely equipped with hoisting
works, quartz mills and other necessary
plant; that the pay roll amounts to "be
tween $2000 and $3000 per month, and that
the ore assays from $5 to $300 per ton.
The allegation is also made that the
mine has produced more than half a mil
lion dollars, and that In September, 1003.
the quartz mill ran for about twenty
days, the- output for that period being
from $3200 to 52300. It is asserted also
that no assessments have ever been lev
ied or contemplated, and that the with
holding of Balllet'a mail under the fraud
order will work him great damage.
CITED TO APPEAR.
Judge Morrow declined to grant the
temporary injunction at this time, but is
sued an order citing Postmaster Monta
gue to appear on November 15 and show
cause why the restraining order should
not be issued. ." : :—>.
. Balllet has been operating in this city
for many years and Is reported to have
realized half a million dollars out of the
sale of stock. He employed 'about eight
een stenographers and had twenty rooms
at 50S California street for his offices. He
advertised largely, principally east of the
Rocky Mountains, and by offering ex
travagantly large dividends did a thriv
ing business until many of his alleged
victims appealed to the postal . authori
ties. Balllet was arrested about a year
ago and taken to Des Moines, Iowa., for
trial on a charge of using the mails with
intent to defraud and was convicted ta
the United States Court in that place. He
took an appeal to the United States Su
preme Court and the appeal is pending.
The fraud order of October 10 is based
upon the fact of Balllet's conviction. V
JUDGE LAWLOR MAKES
AN IMPORTANT RULING
¦ On Thursday of next week United
States Court Commissioner Heacock
will render a decision that will be
fraught with the greatest importance to
Chinese manufacturers who have be
lieved that their standing under the
Chinese exclusion act la that of mer
chants. If Judge Heacock. should decide
that manufacturers are not merchants,
but laborers, a sensation will be created
among the Chinese domiciled in all
parts of the United States. The test
case is that of Wong Dy, a Chinese la
borer who recently " arrived from the
salmon canneries in Alaska. He was ar
rested on a charge of being a Chinese
laborer unlawfully in this country, and
being without the certificate of residence
required under the terms of the exclu
sion act. He set up the defense that dur
ing the six months In 1S94 when all the
Chinese laborers were required to obtain
certificates of residence, he was a mem
ber of the Pacific Fruit Packing Com
pany at 801 Stockton street and acted
as foreman.
Judge Heacock, in taking the case
under advisement, said that the issue in
the case was whether a manufacturer
was a merchant or a laborer. It had been
held In . some decisions, he said, that a
Chinese who' sold leaf tobacco was a
merchant, but that a Chinese who
bought leaf tobacco, made it into cigars
and sold them, was not a merchant, but
a manufacturer, ,and that a manufac
turer was a laborer, because the object
of the exclusion.' act was , to | prevent
coolie competition with American labor.
Should Judge Heacock decide that a
manufacturer is a laborer, the Chinese
owners of factories in which are made
shoes, brooms, cigars, tinware, clothing,
overalls, shirts, telothing. etc., of which
there are many in this city, will be liable
to arrest and deportation.
COMPRESSED AIR CLEANING
MACHINES NOT PROHIBITED
If Defendant Is Acquitted, Alleged
Stolen Property Mnst Be Re
turned to Him.
An important ruling was made by Judge
Lawlor yesterday in the case of John
Leftere and Fred Skillman. who were ac
quitted by a Jury in his court on- a charge
of grand larceny. They had been arrest
ed for stealing $400 from Spiro Gionacis.
301 Fourth street, while he was asleep
in his room on the morning of December
13. Gionacis was a bootblack and had
his stand in front of Leftere's restau
rant.
A motion had been made by Leftere"*
attorney that $217 20, which was found in
his pockets when arrested and held as
evidence, should be returned to him. The
Judge made an order that the money be
returned to the police property clerk and
by him handed to Leftere on the ground
that as he had been acquitted of th*
charge he was presumed to occupy the
same status as though he had not been
accused. It was a matter to be litigated
in another tribunal, the Judge held, that
is, if the complaining witness desires to
lay claim to the> money.
Merchants' Association Ascertains
That Other Cities Permit Use of
New System.
The Merchants' Association sent a com
munication yesterday to the Board of Su
pervisors to the effect that after inquiries
in various Eastern cities It has been un
able to find cne city where the use of
compressed air cleaning machines or sand
blast machines Is prohibited on the public
streets. The letter says there seems to
be no good reason why San Francisco
should not permit the public to have t ho
benefit of an improved system of clean
ing. The proposed ordinance prohibiting
such machines will be considered by the
Supervisors at to-morrow's meeting.
t The Merchants* Association also calls
the attention of the board to the pres
ent neglected condition of the city cem
eteries near Point Lobos and asks that
provision be made for their proper main
tenance. .
BARNEY OLDFIELD proved to the
satisfaction of the spectators at
Insleside yesterday that he is eas-
ily the formost chauffeur In the
world. He circled the track, a distance of
one^mile, in the marvelous time of fifty
eight and four-fifth seconds during a ten
mile race, .in which he averaged a mile a
minute. Spectators held .their breath as
they watched the daring motorist navi
gate his 120-horsepower macnlne. He had
the best machines in the world against
him, but he was able to outdistance them
with incredible ease. Oldfield showed he
has nerves of steel. With a cigar clench
ed between his teeth, his steady hands on
the steering wheel, his feet pressing
brakes, and with a demoniac expression
on his face, the . brave and cool-headed
driver went around the track with ter
rific speed. He cut around the corners on
three wheels, and he came within a foot
of the fence on many occasions. He never
eased off his speed, until he had crossed
the tape at the end of the tenth mile,
two miles ahead of his competitors. -His
time for ten miles was 10:19 1-5.
OLDFIELD A' MARVEL.
Oldfield's performance yesterday and on
every day he starts i3 the feature of the
meet. Others may circle the track and
make fast time, but they cannot compare
in daring with the world's champion. He
has proven a great drawing card and add
ed zest to the races, which are being held
under the 'auspices of.. the. Automobile
Club of California. To-day special races
will be held at Insleside in order to give
those who have not had an opportunity
to see Oldfleld travel through space. A
special prize of $100 has been offered by
L. P. Lowe if Oldfield will lower the time
he made yesterday. Barney promises to
go after the American record, and, as tne
track_ will be fast, he believes he will
equal : his record of :55 4-5 for the mile
made on the Empire City track.
The attendance yesterday was a little
less than on' the opening day. This was
due j to the : threatening weather and the
doubt as to whether, the -races would be
held. However, more than 250Q spectators
viewed , the exciting sport. Hundreds ; at
tended I the meet in automobiles, and the
inner track was filled With autos contain
ing fair occupants. . . „¦ •
NO ACCIDENT TO MAE SPORT.
. No accidents marred: the sport. There
were some narrow escapes, caused by the
contestants I showing too great eagerness
to pass each other. The races were start
ed with promptness. An . excellent band
discoursed popular music \ during 'the
afternoon. 'John J. Gleason sent the autos
off in I good style.' - There | was | no attempt
to beat . the flag, ' and In ' only, one instance
was a*"choo-choo"car left at the post. _
The Orpheum .will. present moving pic
tures this ' evening « of the V exciting auto
mobile races.- : Pictures - taken yesterday
of Barney, Oldfield doing a mile m:58 4-5
will be shown 'on the screen. .
Five \ Italian fishermen -were' convicted
by I Police 'Judge I Fritz yesterday, for hav
ing email striped bass , in .their possession.
The boss was fined $30 and i the* other four
520 eachrtTheyiwere arrested by,' Deputy'
Fish' Commissioner Ingalls. .. ¦ ¦
Violated . the j Fish Laws.
Two Workmen Are Injured.
Daniel Ryan; a teamster, fell from his
wagon at Sixth and Channel streets yes
terday afternoon and suffered a fracture
of his right leg. George O. Weaver. ZU2
Pierce street, had his finger badly man
gled In a buzz saw at a planing mill at
Eighth and Brannan streets. Both men
were treated at the Emergency Hos
pital.
Music in the Park.
The following • programme wlU be ren
dered by the band in Golden Gate Park
to-day:
Part I — "Star-Spangled Banner." National
anthem. IT. S. A.; (the audience is requested
to ' rise and re-main standing ; during the ren
dition of this number); march, "Under the
Double Eagle" - (Wagner) ; overture,' "Hermit's
Bell" (Malllart); waltz. "Belleville" (Mil
locker); solo for flute, selected (SIg. A. Lom
bardo); selection from "The ¦ Fortune-teller"
(Victor Herbert).
<Part II — Overture. "Morning, . Noon and
Night" (Suppe); a. Russian Mazurka. "La
Czarina" . (Ganne), b. serenade (Moszkowski):
sacred fantasia," "Providence" (Tobanl): de
scriptive. :"A Cavalry Charge" (Lueders);
grand selection, . "Pagliacci" (Leoncovallo:
"America,""
... Among the pretentious library and ed
ucational books of the year the Xew
Webster Standard Dictionary, issued by
Laird & Lee, takes its place as a modern
and comprehensive lexicon for school and
library. It comprises 74<5 pages. \ 9x <?
inches, with over 900 illustrations and SO
full page plates. It has received the
highest Indorsement from educators and
the press everywhere.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1903.
THE desire to see Barney Oldfield in
his mile-a-mlnute feat has prompt
ed the officials of the Automobile
Club of California to announce an
extra day's dacing to-day at Ingleside.
The club members do not want to en
courage Sunday racing, but they are'de
sirous of affording the public every op
portunity-of seeing Oldfleld in action.
The track Is expected to prove faster than
yesterday. The complete programme of
events follows:
First race — Motor cycle handicap, three
miles, for machines that have started during
the present meet. Entries close at track.
Second race — Special novelty race announced
for Friday.
Thinl race — Seventh race announced for Sat
urday. . . .
Fourth race — Special novelty ¦ race an
nounced for Saturday, with the addition of a
Toledo machine, entered by C. S. Mlddleton
and driven by J. W. Plerson.
Fifth race, free-for-all, ten miles — Mors,
owned by G«"onre Whittell, driven by Pierre
Desmet; White, owned by White Sewlnjr Ma
chine Company, driven by Walter Grothe; To
ledo, owned by National Automobile Company,
driven by W. E. Saunders; White, owned by
the White Sewlnfc Machine Company, driven
by H.'D. Ryus; Winton, owned by the Winton
Motor Carriage Company, driven j by ' Barney
Oldfleld. ¦
Sixth race, for jrasollne cars only, 35-horse
power and under — Mors. owned by Georee
Whittell Jr., driven by Pierre Desmet; Toledo,
owned by National Automobile Company,
driven by W. E. Saunders; Franklin, owned
by E. C. Ford and F. A. Jacobs, driven by
W. F. Winchester.
Seventh race — Special exhibition by Barney
Oldfle'.d, five miles. In which he will entieavor
to lower his Saturday record of 58 4-5 seconds
for one mile.
Klghth race, for eteam cars only, five miles
— White, ov.-ned by White Sewing Machine
Company, driven by Walter Grothe; White,
owned by White Sewine, Machine Company,
driven by H. D. Ryus; White, owned and
driven by Frank Garbutt.
Ninth race, handicap, free-for-all, ten miles
— Franklin, owned by ,E. C. Ford and F. A.
Jacobs, driven by W. F. Winchester; More,
owned by Frank Wblttell' Jr., driven by Pierre
Desimt: White, owned by the White -Sewing
Machine Company, driven by Walter Qrolhe;
W&lte, owned by the White Sewing Machine
Company, driven by H. D. Ilyus; Toledo,
owned by National Automobile Company,
driven by W. E.. Saunders; Wlnton, owned by
the Wlntoa Motor Carriage Company, driven
by Barney Oldiield.
Nelson Hearing Postponed.
The application for a writ of habeas
corpus for the 'release of David R. Nel
son, an attorney of . Coffeyville, Kans.,
who Is wanted there on a charge of.be
ing accessory to a murder, came up be
fore Judge Cook yesterday. It was agreed
to wait until '" next Wednesday, when
Sheriff Prultt will arrive, with papers 'for
Nelson's extradition, before hearing the
argument. •
Inspector Sharp Resigns.
Customs Inspector Arthur ' McM.-' Sharp
tendered his resignation yesterday. : He
will engage in mercantile pursuits. His
resignation vras : accepted with regret.
Mr. Sharp had been in the customs ser
vice fifteen years,' during a goodly part of
which time -he had been stationed at the
Mail Dock. , . ,
Woman • to Serve Three Years.
DolUe Walker, who was convicted -by. a
jury in Judge Dunne's court oh a' charge
of grand . larceny, was sentenced 'yeater
day to serve three years' In' San Quentln.
On the night of June 28 she stole $125 from
Edward Lee of 126' Hawthorne street. ?
Programme for
Special Day's
Racing.
Before she died Rickman secured the
services of Attorney Perry to draw up a
will of the property of the* dying: woman
In his favor. The will was signed at the
deathbed and Perry and Henry W. Gant
ner of the then undertaking firm of Gant
ner & Guntz were the witnesses. • To the
sisters at the hospital the woman on 1 her
deathbed declared she -had no living chil
drer v
PapMolO
Mg6 29 to 40
BANK DIRECTORS
FAIL TO AGREE
RICH CHINESE
MAY BE EXILEDStanford Team to Qo South.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov. 7.—
Treasurer Cowden of the Associated
Students has completed arrangements
for a football game to be played In Los
Angeles on Thanksgiving day by the
Stanford varsity team with one of the
elevens' In Southern California. Stan
ford's opDonents will be whichever team
proves victorious in to-day's game be
tween the Perris Indians and the Uni
versity of Southern California.
No Interest in Costello's Arrest.
CHICAGO, Nov. 7.— The arrest of
Thomas Costello, or Thomas . Murphy, In
South St. Joseph and his alleged confes
sion of complicity In the Cudahy kidnap-
Ing was viewed with little interest by the
Pinkcrton agency here. Since the arrest
of Callahan and failure, through lacKof
evidence, to convict him of the crime, an
agency official declared the case has been
practically dropped.
6, Colgate 0. . - .
WATERVILLE. .Me., Nor. 7.— Colby 11,
Bowdoin ¦ 0. . . ' * . .,-.'«" -- -¦¦''¦¦*
WEST : POINT." N. T., Nov. 7.— West Point
58, Manhattan 0. i " ; ¦
. MIDDLETOWN, Coon., Nov. 7.— Wesleyan
66, Trinity 11. '-
NEW HAVEN. Nov. 7.— Yale 190", 10;
Princeton 1807.' 0. jnMTl(mr l ffl8T i Bg"'^riir 'W|"N
. . LAURENCE,- Kan«.,, Nov.' 7.— Unlveraity of
¦fr-^pgaH 17. Oklahoma 5.
Dr. Charles M. Troppmann, who is very
popular In Masonic and Forestlc circles.
Is organizing a new tribe of Red lien of
the'lmproved Order and he. has' been so
successful In securing applicants that he
expects to have the tribe Instituted dur
ing the current month with 100- palefaces.
New Tribe of Red Men. 1
CINCINNATI, Nov. 7.— Latonla results:
First race, 6ix furlongs— Rosamond won, Fair
Ledy Anna second, Grand Mary third. Time,
1:18. "
Second race, five and a half furlongs — Allista
won.- Alma Dufour second, Llda Leib third.
Time. i:io>4. - ¦•'
¦ '¦ Third race, one mile — Fonsoluea won. Judge
Himea second. Bardolph third. Time 1-.45H.
. Fourth race.V Kentucky Autumn steeple
chape, full course — Faraday Junior won, Cey
lon second, Islin third. Time, 4:20.. -'.
Fifth race, six furlongs— Cbeboygan won,
D«nton second, Chief Deputy • third.; Time,
1-.17H- ' V
Sixth race, one and an eighth miles — Chicka
dee won, Adelante second, Antolee third/ Time,
1:53. -¦ -'
Fourth • race, the Springfield handicap, • one
atid ah eighth miles— Hurstbourne won. Lux
Casta second, Mastorman third. Time, 1:54 1-3.
Fifth race, six 'furlongs— Silver Dream won,
Champlatn second. Ancestor third. Time, 1:14.
Sixth race, -fane and a sixteenth miles — Medal
won. Nevermore second, Bolina -third. Time,
1:48.' 1-5. .
5 Third race, the Mutual trtakes. five and a
half f urlonits — Lady Amelia won, Mlnccla sec
ond. Orthodox third. Time, 1:07 1-5.
Second race, one and a sixteenth miles — Un
masked won, Wild Pirate second, G. Whlttlcr
third. Time, 1:48.
NEW YORK, Nov. 7, — Jamaica results :
First race, handicap, six furlongs — Gay Boy
won. Ascension second, Biserta third. Time,
1:13 3-5-
California Colt Takes the Springfield
at Jamaica.
HANDICAP FOR HT7RSTB0URNE.
PRINCETON, N. J., Nov. 7.— Princeton
defeated Lafayette, 11 to 0, in one of the
poorest exhibitions of football seen here
this season. After the first touchdown,
which was made during the first ten min
utes of play, Princeton seemed unable to
handle the heavier team and did not
score until the last minute of play, when
DeWltt kicked a field goal from the forty
yard line.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Nov. 7 Tale de
feated'Syracuse at football to-day, 30 to 0.
Syracuse was not heavy enough to threat
en Yale's goal at any time and never was
within reach of a kick save once.
ITHACA, N. Y.. Nov. 7.— Cornell and
Lehlgh played a tie game of football here
to-day, neither side scoring. • Cornell
showed much Improvement over the game
it played with Princeton last Saturday,
but Lehlph was able to puncture its heavy
line at will.
GREENCASTLE, Ind., Nor. 7. — Depauw 0,
Lake Forest 5. • ' • • .
OBERLIN. Ohio,, Nov. 7. — Oberlln 63. West
ern""-Reserve 0. •
DELAWARE, Ohio, Nov. 7.— Weeleyan 38.
Kenyon 17. ' • - . ...» ± - . • ¦"• .
DES MOINES, Nov. 7. — Drake 41. Cornell 6.
EXETER, N. H., Nov. 7. — Exeter Academy
14. Phillips Andover 11.
COLUMBUS, Nov. 7. — Case School of Ap
plied Sciences 17, Ohio Medical University- 0.
CKDAK RAPIDS, Nov. 7.— Coe College .28^
State Normal University 6. '
OSKALOOSA, Iowa, Nov. 7.— High School 6.
Grlnnell 6. : '¦< ¦
MADISON. WIb.. Nov. 7. — University of
Wisconsin B3. Osbkosh Normal 0. - ¦.'.-. ,-
LEXINGTON, Nov. 7. — Kentucky State Col
lege 11. Marietta' 62. -¦- " „ - * "
INDIANAPOLIS, Nov. 7.— Unlveralty of In
dianapolis 0. Wabash College 47. . -
FRANKLIN, Ind., Nov. 7.— Franklin 22,
Rose Polytechnic .0. . . ,.
GRINNELL, Iowa, Nov. 7.— Iowa State Col
lege 41. Grinnell' 6. .
SOUTH BEND, Ind.. Nov. 7. — Notre Dame
27, Mlcsourl Osteopaths 0. . . . '
MINNEAPOLIS, Nov. 7.— Minnesota .. 46,
Lawrence University • 0. . - ' ; •
LINCOLN, Nov. 7.— University of Nebraska,
S3, Knox College B. -.: - , : ¦ .. , :'
AMHERST, Nov. 7.— Dartmouth - 18/ , Am*
herst 0. '
. PROVIDENCE, ijNov.; 7.— Brown 24, Jf,Ver-
WILLIAMSTOWN; Maas., Nov. 7."— Wllllami
Shuts Out Lafayette, but Still Dis
appoints Its Adherents.
FRINCETON VICTORIOUS.
Only the Judge at a prize baby snorw
knows how to sympathize with a base
ball umpire.
Stolen bases — Ross. Murdock. Meewrly, Der-
Errors — Ross, Eager. Lohman. Home
runs — O*Hara. Cravath. Two-bam hits Hos
klman 2, Cravath 2. Hoy. First base on error
— Oakland J . First base on balls— Oft Cor
bett 7. off Cooper 1. Struck out— By. Corbett
7. by Cooper 1. Left on bases— I/os Aiigeles 5,
Oakland 3. Double olay — Mosklman to
Schwartz to Messerly. Sacrifice hits — O'Hara,
Murdock Devereaux and Smith. Pasned baJl
Kager. Hit by pitcher — Murdock. Wild pitches
— Corbett 2. Time of came— 2 hours and 10
minutes. Umpire— McDonald.
Loa -Angeles ....SI 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 7
Base hits << 2 0 12 11 0 0—13
Oakland 2 3 0 0 2 1 0 0 0—8
Base hit* 2 3 0 0 100 0 0—0
SUMMARY.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 7.— Joe Corbett
had a bad day and Oakland batted out a
victory by a narrow margin. Los An
geles started with a rush, landing on
Cooper for five hits in the first Inning,
which netted as many runs. After that,
however. Cooper J steadied down and
pitched winning ball. Corbett's support
was not up to the standard of the team's
usual work. Wheeler had a sore hand
and Dillon took his place at second, Spies
covering first. Cravath got his third
home run of the week. Oakland played a
better game In the field than the locals
and ran bases with Judgment. Score:
Los Anseles— | . Oakland —
AB.R. H.'F.A. AB.R. H. P. A
Hoy. cr...5 12 8 OO'Har. ef.3 2 16 0
8pies. lb.5 1 3 12 0 Mskmn, s.5 1 2 2 1
Smith. 3b.4 110 l'jUrdck. rf.2 2 0 2 0
Dillon. 2b.4 12 14 .Kchtz. 2b.5 0 0 4 4.
Crvth. rf.4 2 3 1 OJKrugr, lf.4 10 10
Rocs, If. .4 112 OMsrty. Ib.3 1 2 11 1
Raymd, a.4 0 0 1 2-Devrx, 3b.2 1 1 0 4
pager. c..3 0 1 1 O|Lohmn; c.4 0 0 2 0
Ccrb«t. p. 4 0 0 0 Cj Cooper, p.3 0 0 0 1
Totals.37 7 13 27 10] Totals.31 8 ~6 27 11
Fail to Support Corbett and Oakland
Bats Out a Victory.
ANGELS ABE DEFEATED.
Of the dogs left In for to-day those
which are expected to run well Into the
money are Full Moon, Cloverdale, Spe
cial, Mount Rose, Northern Alarm, Reta
S, Honest John and Sofala. The results
of yesterday's running, with Judge Thom
as Tierney's official scores, follow:
Open stake ninety-six entries — Don Pedro
beat Idleness, 11-4; Remisso Animo beat Good
Decision 0-2; Advance Guard beat Grace W,
6-3; Haddintton beat Ian Alba, 6-0: Tyrone
Prince beat Polnsetta, 4-2; Encore beat Lost
Girl 18-7- Linda Vista beat Concord Boy, 11-9;
Regal Attire beat Tom Hurllck, 4-2; Dorothy
M beat Pepper Jack. 3-0; Intruder beat Lord
Gcff. 6-2; Fenli beat Agitator. 6-0; Bob R
beat" Progreeso 0-3; Young America beat L»t
tla Lucy 3-2; Daylight beat Mlas Wilson, 4-3;
Roy Hu'ghie beat Helen Hayes. 6-5; Lady
Pinta beat Master Clalr. 7-0; Frank Dunn beat
Little Sister, . 3-2; Beauty Gold beat Har
gueritte, 8-4 ; Cloverdale beat Real Duchess,
9-4; Queen's Motto beat Glaucua, 6-3; Otto
beat Toronto, 4-0; Money Musk beat Clobefell,
8-C; Special beat Golden Rule. 6-0; Little
Mercy beat Nora Hill, 4-0; Conroy beat
Crockett Boy, 8-2; Maid of Gowrle- beat Com
mercial Traveler. 9-7; Doreen beat Lady
Menlo, 13-8; Cosette beat Helper. 8-5; On
ward Maud beat Finoola, 3-2; Pure Pearl
beat Pacing Billy. 4-0; Belfast beat Our
Motto r>-4 ; Mount Rose beat False Alarm,
5-0; Yankee Boy beat Katie Bell<. 7-0; Boots
beat Kquator, 5-2; Gold Lily beat Welcome
Light, 8-1; Jimmy Anthony beat Lucky Sham
rock. 3-2; Northern Alarm beat Cremo, 3-0;
Reta B beat Royal Friend. 4-1; Lily Wright
beat Black Flush. 3-0; Viking beat Nan
Nora, f.-l: Doc Burns beat Half Moon, 15-9;
Honest John beat Bella Lloyd. 6-0; Full Moon
beat White Stockings, 8-1; Mountain Poet
beat Comique, 3-2; Colored Lady beat Vina,
3-2; Roxana beat Flora Belle 4-3; Young
Klamath beat Balendlne, S-2; Sofala beat
Rtdwood Lad, 7-0. .
' The spectators at Ingleside Coursing
Park were treated to a surprise yester
day when Northern Alarm defeated'Cre
mo, the 1 to 3 choice In the ring. The
victor is a black dog by Northern Sur
prise-Jessamy, and with more experience
is expected to be a hard one to defeat.
. Half Moon and Doc Burns ran for two
minutes, and in that long trial ran up an
equal number of points, the course. being
declared an "undecided" one. In the run
off Doc Burns won in a trial lasting one
minute and fifty seconds.
The stables of Gus Lanka, Stuckey &
Chambers. J. W. Bondy, C. A. Johnson
and H. Robinson are expected dally.
Sleeping Child, owned by J. J. Moran.
dropped dead at Oakland track yesterday
while out galloping. .^t"
Jockey Charles Gray arrived on Friday
night's overland from the east. Charley
¦met with more than moderate success in
the saddle both on the Chicago and New
York tracks the past season. He won
the Harlem National handicap with Mc-
Chesney. He can ride at 106 pounds.
Alf Stanford arrived from Los Angeles
with Cruzados and nine two-year-olds
owned by E. J. Baldwin. Other owners
from the southern city are J. T. Stite,
with Madam Bishop, Nella May and Iras,
and E. B. Smith, who brought Platonius
and Blissful. . -. •.
The stables of J. Ownby, owner of Wat
kins Overton, Dungannon and Brookwood
Belle, and that of E. J. Smith and J. J.
Shannon are also among the newcomers.
Peter J is the star of the Smith lot.
In thn same car with the horses men
tioned came Major Tenny and a yearling,
two recent purchases of Frank McMahon.
A car from St. Louis, arriving yester
day, brought th© stable of W. M. Rogers
and P. Sheridan.
Foremost among the racing stables to
arrive at the Emeryville track within the
last couple of days la that of M. D. Miller,
the Chicago bookmaker. Three of th»
more useful of the string are The Don.
The Forum, a product or Elmwood farm
taken from a selllns race, and Muresca.
the crack mud lark. Miller had a couple
of books on at Chicago, and will cut In
next Saturday at Oakland.
There will be a handicap doubles tour
nament on the California Club courts to
day. The entries will close at 9:30 and
play will begin at 10 o'clock. It Is the
second of a series of handicap events for
the new challenge cups. All of the best
players of the club have entered.
Herbert Long and Herbert Schmidt beat
Dr. Hill and Spencer Grant, 6-4, 7-5; Rob
ert Drolia and Dr. Lovegrove beat Dan
iel Volkmann and 'Bradley Wallace, 6-2,
6-0; Lovegrove beat Volkmann, 6-3, 6-3;
Schmidt beat Spencer Grant, 6-3, 6-a» 6-0;
Dr. Noble beat Herbert Gray, 6-4. 3-6, 6-2,
6-4; Will Allen tied Dr. Hill. 8-6, 8-10;
Sidney Salisbury beat H. E. Punnett, 6-1,
6-0. .
Dr. Lovegrove, who has not missed a
day before the nets in many montns,
showed the effects of practice. He beat
Daniel Volkmann, one of the strongest
fourth class players, in straight sets. The
doctor Is a persistent worker and will
surely develop Into a first class player.
His best stroke is nis peculiar service,
which has a reverse twist and bounds
high.
Sidney Salisbury was much too strong
for Hary E. Punnett, who lost three sets
to him.
The following matches were played:
The best match was a singles between
Will Allen and Dr. Hill. As Allen now
plays in the first class he was expected
to beat his second class opponent with
out any trouble. Hill showed, he Is equal
ly as clever with the racket, and Allen
had all he could do to pull out even.
The latter shows up much better against
men who outclass him. He Is undoubt
edly too strong for the second class, yet
seems to have extremely hard work beat
ing second class men. Each of the play
ers won a long deuce Bet. Hill won the
first, 8-6, and Allen the second, 10-8.
The tennis enthusiasts with the aid of
mops and brooms rendered the courts of
the California Club sufficiently dry late
yesterday afternoon to get In some prac
tice. Some of the players who will com
pete In the tournament to-day were put
ting on the finishing touches and will be
in. good form. '
Bookmaker Miller of
Chicago Here With
His String.
Northern Alarm Leads
and Cleverly Beats
Cremo/
Handle Brooms and
Mops Cleverly on
Wet Courts.
Portland 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—0
Base hit* 2 0 10 10 0 1 1—6
San Francisco.,.. .0 10 0 0 0 0 2 x — 3
Base bits 1 2 0 11111 x— 8
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Shay (2), Zearfoss. Errors —
Butler. Anderson, Hollincsworth. Two-base
hits — Shay, Delmas, Van lluren. Sacrlflc hits
— Van Buren, Zearfoss, Lynch, Anderson, Cut
ter. First, base, on error — San Francisco 1.
First base on called balls — Off Cutter 2; oft
Butler C. Left on basen— San Francisco 13,
Portland 8. Struck out — By Butler 1. Passed
ball — Shea. Time of came — 1 hour and 35
minutes. Umpire — Levy.
SUMMARY.
In the field San Francisco was as good
as at the bat, and every^man on the team
fielded perfectly every ball tha.t happened
to stray his way. The Brownies commit
ted three errors, the last one, by Butler,
allowing a pair of runs to accumulate.
Delmas poked one of Butler's fast ones
out to right field in the second spasm.
Zearfoss bunted down the first base Una
and Freeman whipped the ball to second,
heading off Delmas by a fast throw. This
made the second out, and it looked bad
for a run, when suddenly Danny . Shay
responded with a wallop to the score
beard for two bases, sending Zearfoss on
a gallop to the pan.
Then all was a great calm till the ninth
vras reached. Zearfoss laced a fast one
out to the right garden and Cutter came
through with a bunt. £ Shay produced a
dinky sort of a twister/ and Butler ran to
smother it. Instead he booted the - ball
about for a minute or so, and then threw
it away over Freeman's head. . •
"While this little side play was being ex
ecuted Zearfoss sneaked In with a run
and Shay managed to squeeze around as
far as the second bag. Then he made a
dash for third and got away with the
play. Just then Mr. Butler forgot the ex
act location of the plate and hurled the
ball over Shea's head for a passed ball,
that let the native shortstop register the
last run. The score:
Ban Francisco — Portland —
AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R. H. P. A.
Ehay, s. . 4 1 2 0 3 VBurn.cf 3 0 2 0 0
Meany.rf 4 0 0 10 Andsn,2b 2 0 12 3
Irwin, 3b 4 0 0 S 2 Kadau.lf 4 0 1 S 0
Kru&.cf.. 4 0 2 6 0 Fremn.lb 4 0 0 9 1
Lynchjf. 2 0 0 3 0! Blake, rf. 4 0 0 0 0
Pab8t.lb. 4 0 O 10 O!Frncs.3b. 4 0 12 2
Delms.2b 4 0 3 0 l'Hlngsw.s 3 0 0 4 0
Zearfs.c. 4 2 10 OlShea. c. 4 0 0 2 0
Cutter.p. 2 0 0 0 3 Butler.p. 3 0 10 2
Totals. 32 S 8 27 0 Total*. 81 0 6 24 8
It is Just eighteen innings slnco the
baseball pride of Portland has scored a
run against th© tossers under the control
o' Uncle Hank. They never had a look in
yesterday afternoon at Recreation Park.
Many chances came their way. but for all
that the stars were never there when a
run was in sight, and so it ended San
Francisco 3, Portland 0.
Cutter had a slow ball that was the
real tantalizer. He kept putting it over
the plate during the gTeater part of the
combat, and the Brownies kept swinging
at it so hard that they exhausted all
their strength. The best they could do
with the floaters was to hit pop flies up
in the horizon.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
TV. I* PctJ TV. I*. Pet.
U Aneeles.118 73 .617!S r*cl»co..l00 103 .493
Seattle ... 93 62 .603 Portland ..87 65 .478
Iscramento 87 08 .407. Oakland .. S5 118 .417
Uncle's Tossers Score One in
the Second and Two in
Last Round. .-¦
Cutter Keeps Them
Guessing With His
Slow Curves.
Fourth race, five miles, open event, for cars
IfOO pound* and under — First prize, ?200; sec
ond t>rii». $50. Winton Motor Carrlaire Com
pany's WInton, Barney Oldfleld, operator, won;
time. 5:41 4-8. Georre WhKtell Jr.'s Mors,
Pierre Desmet, operator, second; time. 6:13 4-5.
White Sewinj: Machine. Company's White, W.
Orothe. operator, third; time. 6:53. Ford &
.Itcob's Franklin, W. F. Winchester, operator,
did cot finish.
Fifth raoe. fve miles, open event, for ears
2* -horsepower and under, first prize $100, sec
ond prize ?50, third prize trophy donated by
Cuyler L«^ — National Automobile Company's
Toledo. TV. E. thunders, operator, won. Time,
6:24 1-5. F. A. Garbutt'e White, F. A. Gar
butt, operator, second. Tim», 4:30 2-5. Ford
& Jacobs' Franklin, W. F. Winchester, opera
tor, third. Time. 7:37 2-5. J. L. East land's
Peerlesfl, L. Andrews, operator, also started.
Birth race, ten miles, open event, for cars
irrespective of power or •welffht, first prize
$400. second prize $100. third prize trophy
donated by A. A. Moore Jr. — Winton Motor
Carriage Company's Winton, Barney Oldfleld,
operator, won. Time. 10:19 1-5. Winton Mo
tor Carriage Company's Winton. W. S. Hunt,
operator, second. Tlm». 11 :45 1-5. National
Automobile Company's Toledo. W. E. Saun
ders, operatcr, third. Time, 12:29 2-5. George
FJn-t rar», thre* miles, open event, for cars
CVi boree powfr and under — First prize. f75;
second prize, silver cup. donated by F. A.
Hyde. White Sewin* Machine Company's
V.'hiie. W. Goethe operator, won. time !>:2j;
Pioneer Auto Company"e Oldsmoblle. W. S.
Hunt, operator, second, time 5:29 2-5; W. H.
Kellaeg-'a Uuekboard, W. H. KellocK operator,
third, time 5:42 l-r>; National Auto Companj-'s
Rambler. C. S. Luckhardt operator, fourth,
time 6:431-5.
Second race, five miles, fcr raeoline cars only,
3200 pounds and under — First priie, $100; sec
ond prize. $25. Ford & Jacobs' Franklin, W.
F. Winchester operator, won. time 7:59 1-5;
George E. Middleton's Frar.klln. R. Fowler op
erator, second, time 9:54 4-5; National Auto
<*o»jpar.y> Rambler. C. F. Luckhardt op«yator.
third, lime 9:55 1-5; Pacific Motor Car Com
pany's gt. Louis, F. R. Luckhardt operator,
and O. D. McNabb's Cadellac. O. D. McNobb
operator, did not finish.
Tt.lrd race, five miles, handicap, for motor
cycle* — First prize, f5O; eecond prize, trophy;
third prize, automobile cap. Thomas A.
White's Itambl*>c Thomas N. White, operator.
JO seconds, won: time. 6:01 3-5. E. M. Cof
fln's Duck. B. II. Coffin, operator, scratch,
peeond: time, fi:t»3. A. H. Sampson's Ram
bler. A. H. Seroi»on, operator. SO seconds,
third; time, 6:23. Joseph Holle's Indian. H.
6wanton, operator; Charles I,. Hill's Indian,
C. L. Hill, cperator; C. M. Schroth's Orient,
<'. M. Schroth, operator; Leivlu &. Bill's
'Talifornia, George Dunn, operator; California
Motor Company's Hercules, W. A. Swan, ope
rator, and Leavitt & Bill's California, Muntie
Fink, operator, also started.
SUMMARY.
A flve-mlle handlcao for cars that had
participated in previous races at the meet
ing concluded the afternoon's sport. With
£ time allowance of 3:«S, TV. H. Kellogg
took first prize with his Buckboard in
H:21. A Franklin, driven by R. Fowler,
siren two minutes and forty seconds
handicap, finished second, and C. T. Luek
hardt's Rambler car annexed third prize
in 9:C2. The Toledo was sent away from
scratch.
Every time the flying red car approached
the clubhouse turn the spectators expect
od to learn of Oldflold's sudden arrival
in San Bruno or Baden; but they were
doomed to disappointment. Traveling at
ih<» rate of a mile a minute, he appeared
utterly unconscious of the terrific clip,
and negotiated the turns with an ease
and abandon that is magnetic and olec
trifyiR£. ! The eighth mile was made in
5S 4-5 seconds, the ten miles In 10:19 1-5.
\rlrming by two miles from the "Baby
Bullet," driven by \V. S. Hunt The Tol
edo car was third In 12:29 2-5. The Mors
fell out of It. disabled on the fourth mile.
CAJtS ARE HANDICAPPED.
Continued From Page 29, Column 4.
NATIVES BLANK
BROWNIES AGAIN
Seventh race, five miles, handicap, open to
all cars havmjr participated at the meet, first
prixe $100. second prlie $50. third prize, Bilver
donated by Mrs. Russell H. Cool — W. II.
Kellogff's Buckboard, W. H. Kellogit. operator,
won. Time. 9:21. Geonr« E. Mlddleton's
Franklin. R. Fowler, operator, second. Time.
»:48. National Automobile Company's Ram
bler. C. 6. Luckhardt. operator, third. Time,
H:j2. Pioneer Automobile Corapany'B Oldsmo
bile, C. C. Eib, operator; White Sewing Ma
chine Company'* White. W. Grothe, operator;
."VatJonaJ Automobile Company'^ Toledo. W. B.
Saunders. operator, and National Automobile
Company's Franklin. W. F. Winchester, oper
ator, also started.
Whltteli Jr.'B Mors, Pierre Desmet, operator,
did not finish.
BARNEY OLDFIELD DRIVES HIS
FLYING RED CAR, BULLET NO.
2, A MILE IN 58 4-5 SECONDS
THE SAN FR A'NCISCQ "CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1 903.
A large crowd will cross the bay to-day
and watch Britt go through his gym
nasium work. They will not see Britt
box, as Jimmy has profited by the lesson
taught him last month and will not take
any chances of injuring himself.
Britt's father and his friends will bet
heavily on Jimmy's chances of victory.
The betting has gone up to 10 to 7 and Is
likely to be 10 to 8 when the men enter
the ring. Seiger has several backers and
they will wager their money that the
"Iron man" will win. Seiger 13 already
planning other matches. He feels su
premely confident he will defeat Britt.
Seiger thinks he can beat Joe Grim,
the Philadelphia Italian, who refuses to
stay down when punched by men twice
his weight and strength. Seiger Informed
his manager, Billy Roach, that he could
beat Grim and wanted a chance at him.
The advance sale has been large. There
is every Indication of a big attendance
next Tuesday night. The San Francisco
Athletic Club management believes the
lightweights will box before a $10,000
house. The two preliminary battles are
attracting wide attention and a great deal
of money will be wagered on Dave Barry
to beat Maxey Kane and "Spider" Welch
to beat Frank Rafael.
There seems to be some fear In the
Britt carnn that Seiger will not make
the required weight for the coming bat
tle. . Billy Roach, who Is training the
"Iron man." announced yesterday that
his man weighed 136 pounds, and if neces
sary ho could bring Seiger down to 133
pounds, the stipulated weight, within a
day of the contest. Roach says the dry
ing-out system is the last process he uses
In training a man. This is done by omit
ting liquids In any form. It is severe on
the man In training, but it works won
ders in reducing. weight. Alec Greggains
used this plan in training Young Corbett
for his battle with McGovern and the
champion made the desired weight with
out* trouble. Selgers* condition could not
be better. For the past month the Ital
ian has been training at Sheehan's Tav
ern on the Ocean Beach and his muscles
tare like steel. He can run mile3 and
miles and then go Into the gymnasium
and polish off two good men without
pausing for a long breath. Seiger is also
fast on his feet and he promises to give
Britt a lively time.
Britt's Friends Are Afraid the Italian
Boxer Will Not Be Able to
Get Down.
Cab drivers' lives are filled with whoas.
OAKLAND, Nov. 7.— The basket-ball
game between the college and seminary
teams of Mills College on the college
campus this morning was won by the
former by a score of 19 to 0.
Following Is the line-up of the' two
teams:
College team— Forwards, Emma Costa,
Genevieve Klmball, Florence Robbins;
centers, Helen Dorrance, Bessie Smith,
Hazel Boyd; guards, Ethelyn Gardner
(captain), Gertrude Holmes, Cora Hodge.
Seminary— Forwards, Mlna McLean,
Belle. Stanford, Nan "Van Vant; centers,
Edna Bradley (captain), Nell Rice, Anna
Munder; guards, Carrie McKay, Gertrude
Renton, Florence Musclo.
Basketball at Mills Seminary.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 7.— Jack Mon
roe, the Butte miner, stopped Peter Maher
to-night In the fourth round of what was
scheduled to be a six-round bout at the
National Athletic Club. Many of the
spectators were of the opinion that Maher
quit, as he went to the floor after a se
ries of blows on the jaw and body. • He
took the count and was picked up by his
backers, who led him to his corner.
The bout was tierce and bloody and
Maher was leading: until the fourth round,
Both men scored knockdowns in the first
round, but they were up and fighting be
fore the referea had counted three. Short
ly before the end of the round, when
Maher sent Monroe down with a right,
Monroe jumped to his feet and clinched.
Maher tried to shake him off, but the
miner held on till the bell rang. . Both
men lost their heads and kept on fighting
after the bell. Both were aggressive, and
when the fight ended they were covered
with blood.
Butte Miner Takes Four
Rounds to Do the
Work.
30
YOUNG HOUND
PROVES SPEEDY
TENNIS PLAYERS
BRAVE THE STORM
MAHER PUT OUT
BY JACK MONROE
SEIGER WOBKINQ TTAKD
TO REDUCE HIS WEIGHT
FLEET HORSES
AT EMERYVILLE
Hear! Hear! Ye Automobile Buyers!!
Regular Stock Model Defeats Oldfield
And Makes Fastest Time Ever Made by a Regular Stock Touring Car of ~t
American Make-Time for Five Miles: Six Minutes Four and Two-Fifths
Seconds; Also Defeating a $12,000 French Gasoline Car.
The incomparable "White" again demonstrates its unequaled reliability in the
New York to Pittsburg Endurance Run just completed-
White Steam Touring Cars
Repeated the successes achieved in every previous endurance and reliability contest, demonstrating
that the White, in addition to being the most reliable car ever designed, is faster than more costly
gasoline machines. IN ADDITION to the two competing cars a WHITE pilot c " P r «" d 4jthe
contestants, and another WHITE; driven by an amateur, accompanied them, making HJUR \VHITE
CARS to complete without a mishap the arduous jcurney, a RECORD UNAPPROACHED by any
other machine. :
$2,150 --THE WHITE STE'.M TOURING gAR— $2,150
The "White" Made a Similar Record in the Recent English
Reliability Trials.
These performances of the WHITE were superior to thos* of the great majority of the for-
¦ eign cars costing three or four times as much as the White, and oy far the best record of any Amer-
ican car. See !us before buying an automobile. jM
WHITE SEWING MACHINE GO.
"White" QaraffeV Market arid Franklin. PI^gaoo Salesrooms, 300 Post Street
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
f 17 YEARS' )
EXPERIEICE
DR. O. C. JOSLEN, I
The Ltttlzg Epieliliit. ||
MEN ONLY I
Seventeen yean of studious, careful 1.1
and oonsclenuous practice in the |j
trealraeist of a very f«w diseases Is t|
a training «uch as few physicians t
ha.T« had. I feel safe in saying: that fl
J tare cured more cases of men's dls- I
eases than any two other specialists Bl
in tfc» entire West. Every method I r
eyploy is original with myself and H
has grown to perfection through this K
vast volume of experience. |i
I axn always willing to wait for my ff
fee ustil a cure is effected. fej
My Cure for Weakness 1
Is altnply a proeeu of restoring the 1
prostate gland to its normal state, §
and this I accomplish promptly and 1
completely. My treatment is a local 1
one entirely. It is original and sden- S
tlSc, and has been proven absolutely 3
effective by thousands of tests. y
PILES I
My treatment is mild, gentle and I
certain, and my practice in this dls- I
ease constantly grows aa a result of |
recommendations from those whom I G
have cured. - ,1
Other ailments I cure are varico- A
ex\f, stricture, contracted disorders, . H
epeci&c blood poison, etc. I cure them \\
all permanently. . Ft
Send for my copyrighted pamphlet — B
"Uve.AU Tour Tears a Man." Inter- C
estlng and inotructlve. ?J
Home Treatment |
Is always certain and satisfactory. ||
MY FEES ARE FAIR MY |
• CURES ARE PERMANENT. S
DR. 0. C. JOSLEN, I
Cor. Market and Kcarny Sis. [l
Private Entrance, 702 Market. H
ANDRETUSHER
is Invariably us~e~d by
those3appreciaillng good
1 Scotch Whisky [
William Wolff a Co. SanHuwciscc
f Best on Earth. Proven Once More at the Meet at . ?
| Ingleside, November 6th and yt^i. f
I All machines driven by BARNEY OLDFIELD equipped with QOODRICH CLINCHER i
£ I lRbS. \ 3
? The following machines entering this meet were also equipped with GOQDRICH 3
CLINCHER TIRES:- x v
£ W- nin^noRiiF Selling agents, Pioneer Automobile Co. " $2$. a
I FRANKLIN National Automobile and Manufacturers' Co. |
f WHITE— White Sewing Machine Co. ,
| MAINUFACTURED BY THE f
If pacific coast j y| Yti l?i 1 l^l^^T* £*fk 392 MISSION STREET I
»»_ , •- : •:• • ; vri? AMP "Hire. J fc.c*Al X J-.H.. .. / .^ .
£: , .; .... : BRANCHES '\ LOS ANGELES. .Zangpcvill Becomes an Actor.
LONDON. Nov. 7.— Israel Zangwl'l
played the principal part in the copyright
performance of his own play, "Merely
Mary Ann," at Wallingford yesterday.
Jerome K. Jerome took the secondary
part. Sir Conan Doyle was cast for an
other character, but was unable to be
present.
der3, quarter; Edwards, full; Marten,
right half; Ayers, left half.
Chief Clerk Is Not Promoted.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 7.-H. M. Bacon,
at present chief clerk to the Third As
elstant Postmaster General, ha? been ap
pointed temporarily as chief of the clas
sification division of the Postofflce De
partment, succeeding William H. Land
voight, whose resignation was recently
asked for by the Postmaster General.
Thar Travis, a clerk In the department,
has been na.med to succeed UaCon.
Bain Prevents Sacramento Game.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 7.— The Sacramen
to-Seattle game was postponed on account
of rain.
BERKELEY ELEVEN WINS.
Defeats Polytechnic High School in
Final Championship Game.
Berkeley High School won the Academic.
Athletic League football championship
yesterday by defeating Polytechnic High
School by a score of 5 to 0. The game
was played on the Presidio athletic
grounds. A large representation from the
two schools was present.
The only points scored were made io
the first half. During this half Polytech
nic plainly played the better ball, al
though they were scored against. Their
line bucking was good and their end runs
netted them repeated gains. Berkeley
seemed unable to withstand the on
slaughts made by the city players.
Once Polytechnic almost scored a field
goal. Bonitleld, the big right guard of the
team, came within an ace of kicking a
goal from the forty-flve-yard line. Had
there been no wind he would have been
successful. This was in the latter part
of the first half, and after that the Poly
technic players seemed to lose sfrength
and gave way before the heavier Berke
ley men.
A few minutes before the end of the
first half Polytechnic was forced to kick.
Peck, the Berkeley center, blocked the
ball, and Shuey, right tackle for the same
team, grabbed the ball and sped down the
Held forty yards for a touchdown. Dug-
Ran missed the goal. Score, 5 points for
Berkeley.
Edwards, fullback for Polytechnic, made
gouu pains by bucking the line, and Cap
tain Marten and Ayers made lengthy
gains around the ends, the Berkeley ends
seeming unable to break up their inter
ference.
Duggan, Berkeley's right half, was the
star player for his team during that half.
In the second half the Polytechnic team
seemed to be demoralized. They did not
play together, and Berkeley was able to
go through the line at will. Patton, the
fullback, made some great gains, using
the famous Kaarsburjc hurdle. The light
er team was rushed down the field and
Berkeley tried for a field goal from the
twenty-flvc-yard line. "Duggan missed it
badly.-
PaulCastlehun and G. C. Brown alter-
near the center cf the field,
ARE NOT DISHEAHTENED.
The game was a great disappointment
fcr the blue and gold, but every rooter
and every member of the team is confi
dent Stanford will go down to defeat next
Saturday. Many seemed to think it would
result in good for California to be beaten
by Nevada, as It will stimulate the week's
practice. Coaches Whipple and Hall
stated they thought the home eleven
played as good a game yesterday as any
this season. Others were asking why
Stanford might not turn a trick as well
as the comparatively weak Nevada
eleven. Overall said:
This game is no indication of our strength.
We have the better team and could have beat
these men nine times out of ten. \V'« shall
only practice the harder for this. 'Wait until
next Saturday and see what we will do to
Stnnfcrd.
Dr. Steckle. Nevada's coach and a fam
ous Michigan end. In comparing the Stan
ford and California teams, said:
I think the elevens are evenly matched.
California has the BtronKer line In Keneral,
although the ends are rather weak. Stanford
has much the better of It In tho baekfleld.
She will gain around the ends while California
will advance the ball best through the line
particularly on the right side. Overall I un
derstand, is a better kicker than Stanford has,
although he did not show up well to-day I
am inclineil to think California expects too
much of this on* man. We have defeated
California and tied Stanford, and I think we
have a team better than either of them I
wish we were to meet Stanford asaln, as we
nre much stronger than when we played her
last.
The lineup:
California. Nevada.
Demerritt, Clary.
Referee— Hamilton. Umpire— Smock. Head
linesman and timekeeper — Roof. Halves — 20
minutes. Score — Nevada, G; California, 2.
Hurke L. B. n Knox
Howard L. T. R (j. Hart
Stow L. G. R Menke
Stroud Center Leavltt
Overall R. G. L Lawrence
Heltmuller R. T. L ...A. Steckle
Oliver, Craig H. E. L Smith
More, Geary Quarter Loadbetter
Mini. Klttrelle.i ... I-: H. B I. Steckle
Whl;>ri1e, Snedlgar. R. II. Ft Friesell
Forsc, Stearns Fullback j. Hart
the Sagebrush* rs got the ball on a kick.
After one play Nevada was v set back 20
yards for holding and- Friesell was stand
ing behind the goal line when he punted.
The ball went outside near the 25-yard
line. The Blue and Gold could easily have
carried the pigskin through for a touch
down had there been time. Overall was
just about to try for a field goal, when
some one on the side lines yelled "time,"
and before the elevens got Into formation
again th<: whistle was Mown.
At the beginning of the second half
California changed ends and halves. Ne
vada kicked 45 yards toSnedijjar. who
came back 2J yards almost without in
terference. He was then sent close
around Nevada's left end for 10 yards
more. The Blue and Gold was penalized
again for holding and kicked from her
own 20-yard line.
The Sagebrushers failed to get on the
same degree of latitude with the stake
and Friesell was about to kick, when the
quarterback fr.mb'.ed. and it was Cali
fornia's ball. Overall immediately punted
45 yards and the ball was down near the
side line.
Here was where Nevada worked the old
University of Michigan trick. The quar
ter delayed the pass and while nine of
the Sagebrushers piled into California's
left tackle the ball was given to I. Steckle,
who ran through right tackle without
molestation. The Nevadan dodged Stearns
and cam*; down the field like a comet,
of which the other twentv-one men In
the game constituted the tall. He gained
at every step and when he dropped on
the ground behind the goal poats of the
Blue and Gold with the p'gskln clasped
affectionately to his breast the nearest
pursuer was 10 yards away.
Two score rooters from the institution
across the border were frenzied with en
thusiasm. The bleachers were uulct as
the grave and the banners all were droop-
Ing. Friesell kicked the soal. although
apparently intoxicated with delight, while
•his comrades gyrated back toward the
center of the gridiron.
CALIFORNIA SCORES.
California kicked to Friesell, who got
back 10 yards before he was hurled to
the ground. I. Steckle then went between
the Blue and Gold left tackfe and end for
7 yards. The next plunge resulted in a
loss and Friesell kicked. California buck
ed several times and kicked back.
Nevada was immediately set back to
within a few, feet of her goal line for
holding. Friesell tried to kick out of dan
ger, but the pigskin went low and hit the
line. It bounded back of the goal and
looked like anybody's ball, but when the
players were untangled Lawrence of Ne
vada had the down. It was a safety for
the Blue and Gold.
Nevada punted ten yards past center
from the twenty-five yard line. Califor
nia gained at will through', the line' for
thirty yards. Snedlgar then made twenty
yards between Nevada's right tackle and
end. Some one of the blue and gold had
been holding, however,, and Snedlgar's
gain, together with twenty yards more,
were lost.
Overall kicked and Friesell was downed
within six feet of the goal he was de
fending. The last named kicked out of
danger and Overall tried another field
goal without success. Nevada kicked
back from her twenty-five yard line. Helt
muller caught the ball and ran It thirty
yards through a sea of outstretched arms.
California gained five yards more. Over
all tried for another field goal, but missed
It by a hair.
After an exchange of punts Friesell
caught the pigskin on the fly and went
outside after gaining seven yards. Ne
vada was forced to kick after, failing to
make her distance. California' rushed
the ball back a few yards and Overall
tried for a goal from the forty-yard line.
The ball went over, and the sagebrushera
kicked it back from the twenty-five yard
line again.
The blue and gold advanced the ball
many yards and then Oyerall took an
other chance for a field goal.* .The kick
was blocked and a Nevada man had pos
session cf the pigskin after the scrim- :
mage. The earne ended .with the ball.
nated as umpire and referee. The follow
ing was the line-up of the two teams:
Berkeley— Steel, left end; Solinsky. left
tackle: Kerr, left guard; Peck, center;
Wltcher, right guard; Shuey. right tackle;
Shingle, right end; Shaffer, quarter; Pat
ton (captain), full; Hackley. left half;
Duggan, right half.
Polytechnic— Ashley, left end; Rlordan,
left tackle: Weis, left guard; Lauhere.
center; Bonifleld. right guard: Scavlln,
right tackle; Draisinger, right end; Saun-
AN EXCITING MOMENT IN THE NEVADA-CALIFORNIA FOOTBALL
GAME AT BERKELEY AND THE CENTRAL FIGURE IN THE MOST
SENSATIONAL PLAY OF THE DAY.
k .
THE rooters with the banners cf
blue and gold could hardly reallzs
what had happened as the rooters
with the ribbons of blue and white
cavorted down the field singing "There'll
be a hot time in Reno to-night" after the
football game yesterday afternoon be
tween the teams of the State universities
of California and Nevada on the gridiron
at Berkeley. It was a surprise all around.
Even the Sagebrushers themselves had
not dared- expsct a victory. When the
whistle announced the end of the last
half Nevada had six points and Califor
nia only two.
It was the first time this season that
an opponent had placed the ball behind
the coal posts of the Blue and Gold. An
old siue-line fake and a brilliant 65-yard
run by I. Sttck!e did the trick. The game
was replete with sensational plays, and
the rtsult was in doubt until the time
keeper signaled the end of the game. The
supporters of the rival elevens were
given the chance to yell themselves
hoarse and they made the mOBt of it.
The California team and the rooters
were srr<atly chagrined in view of the
proximity of the great championship con
test and the fact that Stanford had tied
»rith the Nevadans. Nevertheless there
is no loss of confidence on the part of
the Berkeley students as to the outcome
of the fcig game.
As a matter of fact, the California team
played all around its opponents for thirty
eight of the fort;' minutes of play. The
backs ploughed through the line for
steady gains when the ball was In the
possession of the Blue and Gold. The vis
itors gained their distance but onco ' ex
ttpting the time when Steckle made h's
long eprint across the streak? of white
wash. California's line was infinitely
stronger than that of the opposing team.
The boys from the Sagebrush State would
get the ball only to lose it on downs or
by punting.
LOSE ON PENALTIES.
California lost scores and scores of
van's on penalties. Whenever U seemed
as if touch-down wan sure, some over
zcalous mcmli':r of the home team, for
getting he was not playing tag, would
ho!d in the line and Oid opportunity
¦would be lost. The ball was slippery
nr.d Overall, cs a result, failed to kick
with any particular accuracy, although
he trird for several field goals. Neither
did he nimt in form. Hail the linemen
observed the rules of the game California
would have had at least four touch
downs. The Ncvadans played a hard and
steady game, without either the weight
cr the ability of their opponents.
Stow kicked to I. Steckle on the start
and the Sagrcbrusher carried the pigskin
twenty yards toward the center before
he was downed. California held for
downs and then rushed the ball down the
field to within two yards of the enemy's
Koal line. The visitors took a brace and
held for downs, but were soon forced to
kick after securing the ball. The Blue
and Gold easily advanced the pigskin
back to the 25-yard line, where Overall
missed a place kick for goal.
Frlesell punted back after Nevada had
made two Ineffectual attempts to find a
hole in the line. Mini, Forse and "VVhlp
ple wont through tackle, guard and cen
ter for from four to seven yard gains.
When California had the pigskin on Ne
vada's 20-yard line some one held as the
ball was snapped and the visitors were
forty yards from the danger point. Over
all gained ten' yards on a fake kick and a
punt was then forced. The ball went
over and Fripsell sent it back to the cen
ter from the 25-yard line.
California made rapid gains again, but
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 7.— Harvard
defeated the University of Penn
sylvania to-day in their annual
football game, 17 to 10. Pennsyl
vania scored one touchdown in the first
and one in the . second, while Harvard
scored twico in the opening half and once
In the final half.
Pennsylvania was outplayed at all
| stages. The score does not show the
marker! superiority of the Harvard eleven.
Only twice during the entire game were
j the Quakers able to hold the crim3on
eleven for downs. Pennsylvania's defense
was weak, while the offense was smashed
to pieces by the heavy crimson forwards
the plays would fairly get under
j way. Eliminating the fumbles of llar
; shal! the red and blue would never have
be^n within strikinc distance of the
Harvard goal, while the latter's total
would have been at least thirty.
It was a beautiful day for football and
every seat in the grand stands was
taken. There was a strong wind from the
northwest when play began. Harvard won
the tors and chose the west goal, with
the v.ind at her back. Pennsylvania
kicked off and on the first line up Le
moyne sent the ball far over the heads
of Smith ancV Crlson, who were playing
back for Pennsylvania. Pennsylvania
could gain nothing and Reynolds kicked
to Pennsylvania's forty-five-yard line.
From this point the Cambridge boys car
ried the ball over for a touchdown with
out once losing It. Harvard then secured
the ball on her thirty-yard line and from
thi.N point the Quakers were pushed down
the line to their forty-flve-yard Hn-e,
where Penn-ylvania lost ground on a
fumble. C. Marshall tried a goal from
the field. It was an easy chance, but a
dismal failure. Reynolds' high kick was
carried back by the wind and it was
Harvard's ball on Pennsylvania's .sixty
five-yard mark. From this point the
Quakers were swept back to their goal,
Nichols scoring a touchdown.
Jn the second half an exchange of punts
gave the crimson the ball on Pennsyl
vania's forty-flve-yard line and Harvard
again got her line-bucking men in opera
tion, Goodhue being shoved over for their
last touchdown. C. Marshall missed an
easy goal and Reynolds and Bennett
each missed easy goals. The line-up:
Pennsylvania. PoBition. Harvard.
Werde Left end Clothier
Buttklewicz Left tackle Mler
Plekarskl Left guard Lemoyne
MeCabe Center Parkinson
Kase RlRht guard.... A. Marshall
Zlgler-Torrey RlKht tackle Knowlton
Metzger (C.) R E.Bowdltch. Montgomery
Camon Quarter. ..C. Marshall <C.)
ReynolOs, Bennett. .Left half .Nichols, Goodhue
Draki KiRht half Hurley
Smith Fullback.. Schoelkohf, Mills
Touchdowns — Schoelkohf, Nichols, Goodhue.
Smith, Ptekarskt.
Ooals from touchdown — Marshall (C), 2.
R e f ere(! — -w. H. Edwards, Princeton. Um
pire — Matthew McClunsr, Lehigh. Linesman —
E. A. Whltins. Cornell. Time of halvti— 03
minutes each.
STANTT»:D UNIVERSITY. Nov. "i.
—Stanford duplicated California's
score of 11 to 0 against the Mult-
nomah football eleven this after
noon iu one of the hardest fought grid
iron battles ever seen on the Stanford
campus. The cardinal completed Its
eleven points in. the first half and. al
though ft came dangerously near scor
ing at other times, was never again able
to cross the clubmen's goal line.
Twice Stanford attempted to score a
field goal, but neither attempt was suc
cessful the eleven points being earned
by straight, hard, line smashing football.
The first try for a goal from the field
was made by Halfback Dole with a drop
kick from the 35-yaid line. The ball went
wide of the mark. In the middle of the
second half Loft Tackle Sprott tried a
free kick for goal after a fair catch by
fc'tott on the 40-yard line. The big tackle's
aim was true, but the ball lacked force
behind it and dropped under the bar
squarely between the goal posts.
Multnomah made its chetance against
the cardinal eleven five times, a greater
number than it could make against Cali
fornia. but the good showing of the club
men was made after an aimost new eleven
had been substituted for the original var-
Eity line-up.
The one point that was disappointing to
the Stanford rooters in the game was the
frequency cf fumbles. They wtre not all
costly, but it Is safe to say that if the
varsity team cculd have held the ball the
score would have been five points larger.
Numerous penalties also cost Stanford a
large number of yards.
CARDINAL MEN PLAY WELL.
. From the standpoint of the coaches and
the cardinal rooters, tne most satisfac
tory feature of the pame was the work
of the light varsity line men against the
heavy-weights from the Webfoo* State.
The Multnomah line is fully as heavy an
aggregation as the cardinal line will meet
in the California line men next Saturday.
The shewing made by the varsity to-day
ep^aks well for their chances against
California.
JB:& "Jim" \Vcl!er was easily "leading
man" in this afternoon's contest. Time
after tim»- h. was hurled at the line for
£••'¦•¦- ranging from two to fifteen yards.
Aft* r th» came the Mu:tr.<jmah players
r»>mark(-d that W» ljer was the fastest and
Lr.rde.-t iir.<j L:u-kcr they had ever gone
up against. The big fellow lost a tooth
i.-. ih.- f.t'vco st-rimmase work and was
llr-*-div.g profcsely when taken out of the
t'an:'.. lie turned io smiling on the
Llt-achfrs. however, in a few minutes and,
acpi for a brdsed lii». r.o one could
have told that he had been plovtnx up
the MjUi:orr.nh iir.e. yards at a buck and
Fozr.ctinie? aimrst i:nassis:ed.
A FUNTEHS' BATTLE.
T< -<;.i y'.- jarr.ri iii-\-flor;^«J late in the
j.iay into ;i punters' battle, in which
Bproti <: Stanford -showed an advantage
<*vtr Coo'.'.. Mu'.tnomah's gritty little fuil
back. Borott*a kicks averaged 25 ya:ds
• as!ly. H« booted the ball "in one kick
«arly in %.',-.'¦ second hair fully CO yards,
half tb« length of the Sold. The wind
assisted his crood work to a certain ex-
Lect,
There was no loafing on the part of th<;
cardinal eleven. Many of the men were
working fo:- their pjsitions. their work
in to-djy's ;;ame deciding whether or not
they would be FlateJ for the Initial line
u;> against California next Saturday.
Bprctt. Wc-Uer and Dole, if any of the
team can Ik- i raised more than the others,
rr:erit the iior/s s-hare of the praise. Cap
tain Bansbath also did exceptionally good
work in the generalship of the team.
Captain McMillan put up th»- best game
of football for the visitors, his defensive
¦work oeinjr particularly pocd. The club
men's ends. Dowlir.g ar.d Johnson also
did some c'.ever work in their department
of thf prime. The ignorance of signals
on part of the northern team placed them
et a disadvantage.
Captain McMillan said In regard to
Stanford and California: "The two col
lege teams are about equal on the of-
Tense and I think Stanford a little strong
er on the defense. Stanford lias a Rreater
variety of plays than California." The
line-up:
Kt&nfor-i. Poeit'on. Multnomah.
Clurk-Stephenson . . L. E. 11 Dow-Iln*
Fprott L. T. R Pratt
Thompson -Van
Fickle L. C. R Koran
Hauverman Center Qrievrs
Jaccbs-Hy<!e R. G. L Rofs
Fh!eI<Js-fitl!lm«n. .. K. T. L KirlOy
Pmlth-Butterfleld. . II, E L Johnson
B*n?bach <raptaln)
Fiott Quarter Kerrigan
T*>l*-I>. Tarpey L. H. R.. McMillan <<~art.)
rht!mer*-Brennari. R. II. L Oo];,h
TVelW-Echofleld Full Cock
Umpire— Major Collinn Referee— Paul Tnr
pey. Linesman and tlmek«pi;er— W. H. ttlake.
£t>Jcemen — L>. V. Cowden. F. L. B«rry.
Crimson Scores
- i
an Easily Won
Victory.
STANFORD
SHUTS OUT
CLUB MEN
Multnomah Team
Loses Great
Game.
HARVARD
DEFEATS
PENNSY
BLUE AND GOLD FOOTBALL ELEVEN GOES DOWN TO DEFEAT
BEFORE HUSKY STUDENTS FROM THE UNIVERSITY OF NEVADA
California Is Much Stronger Than
Visitors, but Loses on an
Old Trick.
THE PAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER S, 1903.
31
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
<SMiy HI^iFilCiFC THE outcropping
<$ilIiHn I/i<mi!<5lL<S OF BAD BLOOD
And -while not always painful are aggravating beyond expression. With
few exceptions they are worse in spring and summer when the system begins
tothawoutandtheskin J suffered
IS reacting and makinp; /^STV and face for over a year, it was not only
extra efforts to throw off dfSP^M '."^St 1 "? Jf^M V itiPA* but vex 7 ua "
the poisons that have W^tf gS&» *** X dialike<1 to «° out fa tho
accumulated during the x* *>/ I tried at loast a dozen soaps and ealvse
• «. »im. u m^««^ K "CJ*t axx * became very much discouraged
Winter. Then boils and fe^Wgg until I read in the paper of the cures
ciranles rashes and "aEaS^SfSS performed throuerh the use of 8. 8. S. I
p V- , , m*fin\^ "»* u *tle * alth » fc fir8t but determined
eruptions of every con- J f r T\ \\\\ to *ive it a month's fair trial at least. I
Ceivable kind make *? > V. am pleased to state that I soon noticed a
4V,,>;.. •»~m~. m '..m f%^A slight improvement, sufficient to decide
their appearance, ana tt e to keep it up. After the use of six bottles my skin
Eczema andTetter — the was as smooth and soft as a baby's. This was a year
?-.;« ?»»^^« s .«* ciri"« •K'O * n d I have never had any trouble since,
twin terrors of skin MISS GENEVA BBIGQ8.
diseases — Jscttle-rasn, o1rtR _ , fll ¦«. .... „ 1I- «¦?„-
Poison Oak and Ivy, 216 So. 7th St., Minneapolis, Minn.
and such other skin troubles as usually remain quiet during cold weather,
break out afresh, to torment and distract by their fearful burning, itching
S^.^ and stinging. A course of S. S. S. now will purify
/^«^ I^^N a °d enrich the blood, reinforce and tone up the gen-
V^^w V^^v eral system and stimulate the sluggish circulation,
K«V l^^/ tkns warding off the diseases common to spring and
summer. The skin, with good blood to nourish it,
remains smooth and soft and free of all disfiguring eruptions!
Send for our free book on diseases of the skin aad write us if you desire
medical advice or any special information. This will cost you nothing. *
,- : THE SWifT SFECIFIG CO., ATLANTA, GA.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
|f| Men, Read This !
r? $500.00 REWARD
ggT for any caio of LOST POWSB or IMPAXBED VZQOB that
' TT7 Or. Lawrence's new Perfected
u Vacuum Developer
{ ( Ijl Cannot restore; or for any case of Shrunken. Debilitated or Weak Ot-
rtU Kans that thU wonderful Perfected Vacuum Treatment falls to develop
i 'O&fo u > normal proportions. It also permanently cures Varicocele. Premature-
\S_JttJ' ners Drains. Stricture. Prostatlc Troubles, etc.
SSUTT FREE on ten days' trial and approval.
Its effect la positive and scientific. It is beyond question the greatest 1NVIGORA-
TOR the world has ever known. A SIMPLE. CONVENIENT AND PLEASANT
Call or write for Illustrated book 6. FOR MEN* ONLY, showing male system and
exdalninp our Perfected Vacuum Treatment. Sent plain sealed. FREE.
ALL DISEASES OF MEN. Contracted Disorders, etc.. successfully treated at our
office Our physicians are trained specialists and use only best modern methods.
Consultation free. Hours. » a. m. to ft p. m. ; Sundays, 10 to 1.
NO MONEY REQUIRED UNTIL CURED.
HEALTH APPLIANCE CO,,
6 OTARRELL ST., Near Market. San Franclsso :
>@GGGQ3<$®Q9®@S99006900£>900Q0@OQ009000300000O
¦ *-. - ©
flow I Cure Weak, Puny Men |
Give me a man broken down from excesses, dissipation, boyish folly, fj
haru work or worry, from any cause which has sapped his vitality. Let o
him follow my advice for three month3 and I will make him as vigorous In z;
every respect as any man of his age. ~r
I will not promise to make a Hercules of a man who was never Intended 2
by nature* to be strong and sturdy. Even that man I can make better than ~J
he is; but the man who has been strong and h^s lost his. strenuth I can
make cs good as he ever was. • ©
I can give back to any man what he has !^st by abuse of the laws of ®
nature. I can stop all drains upon the vital power in trn days. "
A man who is nervous, whose brain and body are weak, who sloeps badly. ©
awakes more tired than when he went to bed. r.ho is easily discouraged. In- ©
clineel to brood over Imaginary troubles, who ha3 lost ambition and energy ta Q
tackle hard problems, lacks the animal electricity which the Dr. McLaughlin Q
Electric Belt supplies. q
The whole force of vitality in your body is dependent upon your animal ©
electricity. When you lose tf at by draining the system in any manner my
Belt will replace it and will cure you. q
Mr. Harry U. Jackson. Valleton. Cal.. writes October 1: "Although you are a Q
stranger to me. my heart warms toward you as a crt-at benefactor and friend, and I am «t
more than grateful to you. Already I can fe.-J the Ttfor cf rew life In my body; ro **
aches and no pains. I wish you every suocers in your work." ©
Letters like that tell a story which means a great deal to a sufferer. ©
They are a beacon light to the man who has become discouraged from use- C9
!ess doctoring. I get such letters every day. ©
My Belt has a wonderful influence upon tired, weak nerves. It braces O
and invigorates them, and stirs up a great force of energy in a man. Q
I make the best electrical body appliance in the world, having devot^J Q
twenty years to perfecting it. I know roy trade. My cures after everything q
has failed are my best arguments. q
Mr. Roy Burks. McKittrieks. Cal.. writes: "From the first niRht I wore the belt I 0
felt new life in every part of my body. The drain stopped immediately, and I am now *&
able to do heavy work without tiring. I am glad I thought of the belt, for in no other ~f
way could the money bring me bo much pleasure." w
Give me a man with pains in his back, a dull ache in his musclea or ®
joints, "come-and-go" palhs in his shoulders, chest and side. Sciatica in his ©
hip. Lumbago, Rheumatism, or any ache or pain, and my Belt will pour the O
oil of life into his aching body and drive out every sign of pain. No pain &
can exist- where my belt Is worn. Q
Mr. J. L.. Baird of Orland. Cal.. writes October 13: "My back Is entirely well. Q
and 1 would not take $100 for my belt if 1 could not get another. It Is the best thing *j
on earth for a lame back." q
They come every day from everywhere. There is not a town or hamlet q
In the country which has not curefc by Dr. MrLnughlin's Electric Belt. 5f
Now. what does thi3 mean to you, dear readoi ? If you are not what you 2:
ought to be, can vou ask any better Droof to make you try it? Ts there a *J
remedy which Is as simple, as easy to use. as sure to "cure, and as cheap as •»
Dr. McLaughlln*3 Electric Belt? I have not seen one. You must try It. In . ©
justice to yourself, and to ttiose who look to you for their future happiness, ©
try it now. Act this minute. Such a matter ousht not to be delayed. £»
It's as good for women as for men. Worn while you sleep. It causes no ©
trouble. You feel the gentle, glowing heat from it constantly, but no silr.g. O
no burning, as in old-style belts. Call for free consultation. ©
Send for my beautiful book, full of things a man likes to read If he wants ©
to be a strong man. I send it sealed free. Cut out this ad. ty
l\v M C Mr»T ntJdhlm 906 market street, |
Ur. lVl. V*. i*HLiaVgllllli, SAN FRANCISCO. g
Seattle Office. 105 Columbia »t.; Los Angeles. 129 So. Spring st. ©
I knitJ-insro. 1
I Whit Is "Kantshrink " Underwear? §
II It is an absolutely unshrinkable and 11
H warranted pore wool underwear, guar- m
H anteed to withstand any treatment save Wl
II rank abuse; a comfort to the body and a §3
|| delight to the sensitive skin. m
p To introduce, we are making a special ||
II price of $1.50 per garment and upward for M
II women; $2.50 per garment and upward ||
H for mem We cordially invite inspection* ffl
OFEP4 SATURDAYS 60 CEARY STREET £&
>f|k TILL IO P. NK 8AN FRANCISCO. £&
Is distilled from the best selected ||||
grains by a perfected process which t^^S
makes it the best and costliest IfiP
whiskey on the market* but it costs you
no more than the ordinary kind*
GROMMES S. ULLRICH £ W. J. KEARNEY. Representatlva •
Distillers 400 Battery St*, S. F.
Chicago. III. Phone Main 536
ADVERTISEMENTS.OAKLAND, Nov. 7.— Louis E. Ericson
represented to Judge Ogden • that bis
Ericson to See Child.
Switch Engineer T. IL Whistler am
Yard Foreman M. IC Moch were adjudgec
guilty of gross carelessness and dismissed
from the service of th» Southern Pacific
Railway to-day. as th© result of an of
ficial inquiry Into the cause of the col
lision last Thursday night between a
loaded meat" car .and engine and the Ala
meda local train at First and Peralta
streets. The entire crew of th© switch
engine was held to be to blame, to som<
extent, for the accident, and Fireman F.
Williams, Yard Switchman George . M.
Stack and Joseph Lazelle only escaped
summary dismissal by the fact that they
held subordinate positions.
It Is deemed a marvel that some lives
were not lost in the accident. A switch
engine attached to a meat car ran Into
the rear end of the Alameda local, smash
ing several car3 and causing a wreck.
Lazelle was severely injured and was un
able to appear at the Investigation to
day. It was shown that the trainmen
ran over the signals of the/ block system
and disregarded the- danger sighals'and
that negligence is the only possible solu
tion of their act.
The Inquiry was conducted by Divi
sion Superintendent Palmer, • who found
that there had been an entire disobedience
of the rules of the company.
Oakland Office San Francisco Cal
111S Broadway, Nov. 7.
Inquiry Discloses Fact
That They Caused,
a Wreck.
The watchman thinks he knows the
Ft'idcut at whoin^he fired the shot. If his
identification turns oat to be correct, the
Etudent will be hauled up before the
faculty committee on student affairs and
probably expelled. A freshman who cut
the wires !ast year met this fate. It
amou&U) to more than a ttudest urank.
The eophemore hop in Harmon gymna
sium last night came near ending In a
tragedy, and soma freshman may thank
his lucky etars that he is not now re
clining: on a tltOb at the morgue, because
J. J. Kenny, a university watchman,
fired a shot that was meant at least to
wing. If not to kill, the man who inter
fered with the electric light wires.
The shooting occurred about 1- o'clock.
juEt before the last dance was about to
be reeled off. Kenny, tvho was on the
outside of the gymnasium, guarding the
wires from an attack from the tresbmen,
taw the lights go out and began looking
for the miscreants who hafl cut the wires.
Near the Agricultural College he saw a
student dropping from a tree and called
upon him to surrender, threatening at
the same time to shoot. The student
refused to halt, however, and, taking to
his heels, ran In the direction of the li
brary building. The watchman shouted to
the fugitive once more to surrender, but
receiving no response, drew his pistol
and fired the Ehct. Even the bullet did
rot stop the runner, and In another
minute he was out of eight. It was dis
covered afterward that the light T.ires
were cut near the piece where the
student was f.rst teen.
In the meantime the shooting had
Ladly frightened the dancers In the ball
room. The yocag women huddled up In
one corner and some begged to be taken
home. They were paclfled, however, and
the dance went on with the aid of ceveral
hundred car.dle lights that had been pro
vided In case the "freshies" succeeded
In evading the watchman and cutting
the vrtres.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
THS Center Street, Nov. 7.
Cutting of Light Wires
Almost Results in
a Tragedy.
WATCHMAN FIRES
SHOT AT STUDENT
At Gullford, Conn., a snake was found
that had three china eggs In Its alimen
tary tract.
because the wires cut are university
property and any interference with such
property is a grave offense.
RAILWAY MEN
ARE DISMISSED
Mr and Mrs. B. Levenson and famil
will receive at 2325 Sacramento street.
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Aahworth havi
ehaneed their residence to 900 McAlllste:
street. Mrs. Aehworth's recsDtlon daj
will be the first Thursday of each month
• « •
M. A. Meyer, rabbi of Congregatioi
Beth Emeth of Albany. N. Y.. has beet
re-elected for a term of three years.
Mrs. Edwin Oscar Burns left for the
East on Thursday after a three weeks'
visit with her parents. Mr. and Mrs. Vin
cent Teresl.. Mr.- Burns will Join Mrs.
Burns in Chicago and they will Journey
.together to New York, where they intend
spending the winter season. ,
Mr. and Mrs. Simon L. Kline of 1630
Hayes street are registered at the Wal
dorf-Astoria, New York.
Mrs. Henry Myers of 2460 Washington
street, who has returned from her trip
abroad, will be at home to her friends on
the second and third Wednesdays of
November.
Personals.
Feldman, Bess Brown, Minnie Rueser,
Messrs. Ben Behler, Henry Rasmussen,
Chris Rasmussen, Charles Ftueser Jr.,
Adolph Rueser and John Weppler.
That ss the reason that the first installment of the "Master of Ao~
pleby^ will have such a bie sale when published in the next Sunday Call.
And perhaps another equally good reason may be found in the fact that
yoc cannot buv this masterpiece of American fiction anywhere cl<e in
any form for lc^s than $i 50. That is one of the big advantages of the
Sunday Coil's literary policv: vou not only get the best books of- the
hour, but you get them for one-tenth of what they would cost vou else
where. That is one of the truisms that has made the Sunday Call so
immensely T>opular. There are no interminable "Continued in Our
Next" scries, no Ions waits between installments. You # not onlv cct
Llic whole novel complete, but vou get it quick. And b'est of all 'The
Master of Appleby" is .vorth having in any shape.
Bv.t. however, that isn't all that there is to the next Sunday Call.
Oh. ccar. no. There is much more besides of the best literature ever
written. For instance, there is "The Roadmaster's Story." the last and
ihc best of Frank H. Spearman's thrilling railroad stories: "On Sentence
Day." by Josiah. Flvnt: "Private ITogan, Coward," and a whole page of
"Half-hour Storiettes" of the sort you want to stay awake at nicht to
nnd: "The Man Who Ended the Land Wars in Ireland" and some
thing amazingly new about "Crime and Criminals" in the West": "The
Smiling Girl," which is a full-page picture that you simply; can't* miss;
'"Xcw Boots for the Athletic Woman." which is another page of pictures
that will keep von on the qui vive: "The Girl Who Served Time." bv
Billy Burgundy: "Me-ows of a Kitty" (you'll laugh at those cats), and
ever so many more thines besides. Indeed, the next Sunday Call will
show you how new the Sunday Call always is.
t f *^"t T this sharp crisis, when a look or a word would cost me more
f j than death and tnv dear lady her honor, it .vas the colonel
\, I v.ha. all unwittingly, stood my friend. A breath of doubt
•^ upon my lie and we were lost, and once I thought he would
have breathed it. But he did not. Instead he broke out in a laugh*
with a jribc llune first at Gilbert Stair and then at Faiconnet.
'" 'God save ns. I cive you ioy, Mr. Stair, and you. Sir Francis.
These two have <]upcd you bravely. By heavens. Sir Frank, 'twas vou
who should have had the sword thrust in the duel. In that event you
tnigh! have stood in Captain Ireton's shoes, and so had the priest
fetched for your benefit.' Then he turned to Margrcry with a bow that
had 3 touch of mockerv in it. 'I crare your pardon, madam; I knew not
you were pleading for your husband's life an hour ago. It grieves me
that I may not spare him longer to you than the night, but .var is cruel
at the bc«t.'
"She stood like anv statue done in cold Carrara while he spoke: and
when she made no sich he gave the word to recommit me. '
If yet! were writing a novel do you think you could crowd more of
the anguish, the doubts and fears, the cruelty of war, the hope and cross
purpose of a misplaced love into two hundred words than are woven into
those three paragraphs? Thcv are the very essence of the art of writing.
It nnMers not what went before. It matters much wli3t comes after.
In ths: brief outline vou sret one of the most thrilling situations in
Francis Lynnc's "Master of Appl^by." nnd in those few words vou are
«i\ en a wonderful insight in all that has gone before; but better than all
el.^t there is such a promise of exciting things to come that, clever as
ytm may be at weaving a solution for yourself, your curiosity is piqued,
and. true to the ruling passion in human nature, you simply must know
huw some one else could untangle such a strange love affair.
THE MASTER OF APPLEBY
Home Parties.
An enjoyable party was tendered to
Miss Agm b Lammon at her residence, 3317
Twenty-third street, by her friends on last
Sunday evening. The evening was enjoy
ably spent in dancing, vocal and Instru
mental music and games. Some vocal se
lections were excellently rendered by the
well-known barytone, Miss Annie Lynch.
The parlors were tastily decorated with
ferns, palms and smilax. Dancing was
kept up till a late hour. Among thosa
present were: Mr. and Mrs. Lammon, Mr.
and Mrs. W. Hlckey, the Misses Agnes
Lammon. Theresa Lammon. Lulu Lane,
Annie Lynch, I,aura Schaufel. Ada Gar
vin, ¦ Minnie' Ntsson. Cecil Hllderbrand,
Edith Cross. Lulu O'Dea. Norine O'Kanp,
Joseph Fitzgerald. Joseph Dolan, Daniel
Dolan, Robert Chambers, Frank Piivcr,
Ed Moore, Chester Thurston, Gus Borde
feldt. Lemqnt Anders. J. A. Clark. J. C.
Laws, J. J. Lyons, Fred Schram, Daniel
O'Brien and Alex Lammon.
On the evening of the last Saturday in
October the home of Mrs.* Peter Chris
tensen was the scene of a merry gather
ing of her frienda. There were games,
such as prevail a^ this season of the year,
vocal and Instrumental music, story tell
ing and select readings, after which
light refreshments were eerved. There
were present Mr. and 'Mrs. Peter
Chnstcnsen, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Ben
del. Mr. and Mm. Allen Tingley, Miss
Bossle GAterel, Miss Ethel Jones, Miss
Georgia Gaterel, Miss Olive Pearl Mil
ler, Miss Maude Bendel, Miss Lillian
Tingley, Mies Kate Bendel, Miss Alma
Tingley and Messrs. Thomas Bendel and
Morton Bender and Master Arthur Ting
ley.
f ! * " *
A birthday party was given in honor of
Miss Eva Stoemer by her brother, Al
bert Stoemer, at the residence of her pa
rents. W5 McAllister street, Saturday
evening, October 81. The guests were Mrs.
Stoemer, Mrp. W. Stoemer, Mr. and Mrs.
Harry J. Aceves, Mlsa A. Medley, Anita
Medley, Dora Schneider. Marguet Ryan,
Estelle Hilton, Tillie O'Brien, Daisy Fish
er, Anita Daluz, A. Finn, Eva Stoemer,
Robert Burns. J. A. Husey,' Roger F.
Cutler, D. H. Heitmann, Emile G. Coret,
Arthur P. Delany, Robert Finn, August
Charter and Albert Stoemer.
The friends of Miss Eva McCann gave
her a very pleasant reception on Saturday
evening, October 31, at 201 Waller street.
Amonff those presept were Miss '""Alice
Plagemann, Misses Agnea and Frieda
Lainer, Miss Gertrude Ruthe, May Cook',
Mona Reegan, Pauline Sullivan. Kathleen
Kindelon. Alma Kltnger, Ethel Morse,
Phoebe Raisch, Edith Winalf, Pearlie
Ruthe, Alice Valentine, Grade and Eva
McCann, James I3i>.rry, Iyawcll Krlgbaum,
Jack Gordon. Arthur Acton, James Par
ker, Ernest Morton, Waller Catlett, Bert
Glllet, Arthur Caliill, Charlie Harrowcr,
Carroll Davis, George Shcehan and Ho
bart Cavanagh.
• • •
A very pleasant birthday party was
given to Miss Minnie Rueser at her resi
dence. 316 McAllister street, on Saturday
evening, October 17, by Miss Minnie Ros
marln of Alameda. The parlors and din-
Ing-room were beautifully decorated with
smilax and pink and white carnations.
Miss Rueaer's friends presented her with
an elegant gold watch nnd chain. The
evening was pleasantly spent by singing
and playing games. Amonfr those- present
were Mr. and Mrs. Charles Rueser, Mr.
and Mrs. Charles Dunweber, Mr. and
Mrs. George W. Steffens, Mrs. Wubben.
Mrs. Xeuenschwander, Misses Mlnnlo and
Lulu Rosmarin, Josephine Gross, Annie
subscribed. Tho directors of the. associa
tion are II. J. Purcell, A. D. Coddington.
H. Bergstein, E. Duden. S. W. Powell. R.
W. McGarvie. E. M. Coffer. E. Ulman. C.
W. Nevin. J. D. Abrams and D. Saylor.
The stock la worth SI a share.
Machinists Dance.
Tha International Association of Ma
chinists gave a ball last evening In
Golden Gate Hall. The officers In charge
were J. A. Kelly. 11. M. Burnet. J. Mona
ghan, L. L. Gummow, C. TV. Meyer, O. F.
Menedew. J. E. Hooper, George Ames
and W. R. Hagerty.
An "at homo"' was glv.-»n by Mrs.
Erneste Johansen Tuesday afternoon, Oc
tober 27, in honor of her sister. Mrs. Burt
Davis. Mrs. Johansen was assisted. in re
ceiving her friends by Mrs. Arthur Lund.
Miss Selbe!.. Miss Rowell, Miss Marshall
and the Misses Huff.
Miss M. Marx, as Cecily (Brambleton's
daughter); Miss Mildred EdlseB, as Ma
tilda Jane (a superior housemaid);
Charles II. Greene, as. SImonldes Swan
hopper (a model young bachelor); Joseph
Green, as Lawrence Lavender (a valet),
and Albert. Jerome Dolllnirer, as Bloom
field Bramblcton (a country gentleman).
The San Francisco Debating League
held Its first dance and theatricals at
Golden Gate Hall, 625 Sutter street, last
Wednesday evening. Among the numbers
on the programme were: A vocal solo,
by Miss C. Abrams; whistling solo, by
Miss Schlesinger; comical specialties, "by
H. Barber; piano solo, by Miss Estella
Fuhs, which concluded with a well-known
one-act farce, entitled, "Who Is Who?
or. All in a Fog."
Those participating in the sketch were:
ment of Infantry, National. Guard of Cali
fornia, will give an entertainment and
dance at Golden Gate Hall, 625 Sutter
street, Monday evening, November 16.
city Cuaurd. Comnuy B. First Reirl-
• * •
Misses Nina Jean Cook, Cornelia Far
roll. Georgia Braun, Cara Jagger, Maude
Hall. Eva Wright. Edna Wright, Mabclle
E. Jones, Alice Shultz, Belle E. Annand,
May Shultz, Mae 8nyder, Amelia Aueter
muhle, Edna 8. Hampton, Anna Eggers,
Queen Johnson, Harriet McCarthy, Flos
sie Lowney, Rose Brodericks. Mayme Ben
jamin, May Shea, Margaret Shea, Effle
Leonard, Silvia La Rue, Alice Jackson,
Annette G. Griffln, Myrtle Cook, Edith
Cook, Kathryn Flynn, Ruth Cook, An
nette Flyhn, Dora Outsen. Oda R. Cook,
Mrs. Austin Cook, Mrs. H, Jagger, Mrs.
J. Jones, Mrs. E. Farrell, -Mrs. Snyder.
Mrs. Sargant T. Shea, Mrs. R. G. Ryssell,
Messrs. Frederick K. Blue, J. E.^ Nelson,
James G. Jones, Robert M. Salcedo, Frank
E. Arthur, Alvln Egg-era, H. C. Jaggers
Jr., George H. Hoag; Otis H. Hoag. Pro
fessor F. H. Perry. George W, Monteith,
J. W. Shuster, Alfred Dupont, S. Clem
ents, J. E. Dodge. Harry A- Dodgre, G.
Walter Drew, Robert B. Knox, Frank
Holland.. Andrew C. Wallace, WlUlam
Fitzcerald, Jack Toeskann, Dr. R. Mc-
Cllnton, Harry R. Bab, Alexander Wagr
ner. Maxwell W. Cahen, Frank T.Cooke.
Elmer R. Belt, Bertram Outsen, Charles
R. Jackaon, A. C. Outsen.
The Romita Club's next party will be
held Saturday evening, November 14, and
tho committee in charge Is making prep
arations to make It a shadow dance.
From present indications an enjoyable
time is assured, .v:;,
• • • >¦. •
The Aloha "Walalua Cotillon Club had
Its lirst monthly dance on Friday even
ing, October 30. The affair was largely
attended. The club will have its next
dance at Cotillon Hall on Friday evening,
November 27. ,
The committee having charge of the af
fair comprised: Cliff Rushmere, presi
dent; Frederick K. Blue, treasurer; Mies
Nina Jean Cook,' secretary. Reception
committee— Miss Cornelia Farrell, John D.
Nelson, Bert Jones, Miss Cara Jagger,
Miss Georgia Braun.
Among those present wera the follow
ing:
The Romita Club had Its last semi
monthly party Saturday evening, October
31. at Occidental Hall, Supreme Court
building. Informal dancing, which com
menced at 9 o'clock was enjoyed until
10:30. when the German began. Three fig
ures were danced. The favors were
hearts, bearing appropriate mottoes, sus
pended by satin ribbon. At the conclu
sion of the german Cliff Rushmere, pres
ident, announced that special talent had
be<*n secured for the entertainment of the
club's guests and the following pro
gramme was rendered: Vocal solo,
"Dreams" (Bartlett), "Comln 1 Through
the Rye," Miss Cornelia Farrell; "Ha
waiian Melodies," Hawaiian Quartet; fan
cy dancing, Mlsa Nina Jean Cook.
After the programme refreshments were
served and dancing was/ resumed until
midnight. . ¦ .
The third annual reception and ball of
the Hungarian Literary and Benevolent
Society will be siven at Harmony Hall.
1743 Mission street, Sunday evening, No
vember 15, beginning at 8 o'clock. The
following committee has charge of the ar
rangements: Gus Hammcl (chairman), E.
Janovitz. A. Nagy. M, Kovacs, S. Karetz
ky, J. Bathory. The proceeds will be de
voted to the library fund of the society.
Mrs M. T. Walker entertained the mem
bers of the Mission Literary Club Thurs
day. October 29. at her home, 162T Hayes
street Dickens' "Christmas Carol" was
the cliofcen reading. Dainty refreshments
were served. Those present were Mrs. J.
Kemp Mrs. E. B. Vreeland, Mrs. E. Mc-
Ewen. Mrs. T. Morrin. Mrs. J. S. Bogart,
Mrs. W. Armltage. Mrs. T. Farlcss, Mrs.
W. Hewitt. Mrs. M. P. Bruker. Mrs. R.
I.e'ach. Mrs*. G C. McDonald, Mra. C. A.
Rogers. Mrs. E. J. Thayer, Mrs. M. T.
Walker, Mrs. KIncaid. Mrs. Belcher of
Boston. Mrs. Grimm, Miss Pabst and Miss
Armltage.
Club Parties.
A very pretty home wfddintr took place
on Saturday evening. October 24. when
Miss Edythe E. Hondcrson was married
to John F. Norton at the resident e of the
bride. COS Baker street. At S:30 o'clock
tho bridal couple stood under a bower of
chrysanthemums and smllax while Rev.
II. 11. Bell, pastor cf the United Presby
terian Church, tied thr nuptial knot ac
cording to the beautiful c?remon'nl of the
Episcopal church^ Miss Reina A. Trigg
rp.? the brlde'a miid of honor nnd Misses
Mnri<? Thorpe nnd Ionian Monre acted as
bridesmaids. Frank L. McNallv served
tlK 4 groom as best man. with J. S. Me-
Cab? and A. A. Schlelcher resisting.
Lucian Henderson', brother of the bride,
gave h-r away. Many handsome presents,
given by their numerous friends, wore dis
played in the beautifully decorated rooms,
and after an elaborate ptipper Mr. and
Mrs. Norton left for an extended trip
through the south. On their return tliey
will reside in this city, where Mr. Norton
is employed in th*> auditing department of
Wells, Farso & Co.
Weddings.
At th« Howard Presbyterian Church
Thursday evening. October 29. Mary Ethel
Atkinson, dauehtpr of George F. and
Sarah Atkinson, was united in marriage to
J. M. Flack, son of the- lat« John Flack,
who was connected with th<? Southern
Pr.cific company for twenty-five years*.
The young couple went to Southern Cali
fornia to spend their hanevmoon and on
their return will reside at 2310 Folsom
streot. The wedding presents were costly
and numerous.
Miss Ray Seaman of New York an
rruncps her engagement to David Sichel
of San Francisco,
Miss Florence Edwards and Benjamin
FfarrH will hoki their reception to-day at
71* Buchrnan street, from 2 to 5 p. m.
The engagement of Miss Harriet Men
delscn, daughter of Mrs. Bertha Mendel.
son, to Emll Kahn If announced.
Mrs. E. R. Savannah announces the en
gagement of her daughter Tillie to Louis
HIrsch. They will receive at the family
residence, 600 Fell street, Sunday, Novem
ber T9, from 2 o'clock until 5.
Mr. and Mr«. I. Stamper announce the
engagement of their daughter Stella to
Max RelnherU of this city. The mar
riage will take place November 22.
? • •
The engagement of Miss Nellie Rachel
to Hubert Collins of San Diego has been
announced at a reception given to the
bride-elect at the home of Miss Maud
Trittenbac k. The wedding w^ll take place
at the bride's home on Fulton street to
morrow. The bride and groom will make
th<?!r home in the southern part of the
State.
Engagements.
adiled zest to their
work and play. With the longer evenings
to while away, dancing is gaining in fa
vor. Xcw cotillon clubs are being formed
and old ones are thriving in members. In
addition lo their attendance at the club'
dances, many enterprising pleasure-seek
ers will also "trip the light fantastic" for
charity.
(^yi^V^M INTER is nearly upon
7l\ni\\ "*¦ The crisp autumn
I I (I fjtoy " ave Qu'tkencd
\\J_X\N I the pulse of people,
\/ \/ young and old, bringing
(AH notices for the "Society Events" column*
or The Call should be sent In time to reach
Hie editorial rooms net Inter than Friday
nigM, and mu*t be accompanied by the
nnro?! .-.nU p.ildreys of the member of the
farclly or member of the club sending the
communication.)
SOCIETY EVENTS
1BE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY," -NOVEMBER ."8. 1903.
Pythians Prepare to Build.
The Knights of Pythla3 Castle Associa
tion was Incorporated yesterday with a
capital stock of $200,000, of which $217 is
child, Anna, was being kept away from
him by Mrs. Emma L. Sheffield, contrary
to an order of the court made at the time
a divorce was granted Harriet E. Eric
son from the petitioner. He was to be
allowed to see the child and Judge Ogden
made an order citing Mrs. Sheffield to ap
pear in court next Friday and show
why she should not be punished for dis
regarding the court's order.
32
Kearny and Sutter Sts.
Ladies' Suits in Splendid Variety
The new Suits for this season are being shown in so many charming styles that whatever your
taste mav be, it is sure to be gratified by a visit to our Suit Department— and you can depend upon
being fitted perfectly, for we allow no garment to leave the store until it is just rignt. aom-
favorites we describe, but there are dozens of others that yotf H like.
Tailor mads Suits of fan;y mixed men's wear material, Pedestrlenne Suits of n:i^ur«, sty hsh th ' ee ' qu ' a ["
fancy skirtei blouse jackets, trimmed skirts; * iO c A let length coats, p^d straps and buttons,
extraorJinary value at 5>1 Z.5U richly trimmed skirt. . - ; • • - - • - • •••;.••• V, o th m'litarv
Walking Suits of fancy mixed Tweed, long-fitted coats Walking Suits, finely^ tailored o. , novel y doth m^«.y
' with fancy stole, trimmed with buttons and ei * - n model, elaborately tnmrned witri feraia ana £45 QQ
ornaments, 7 RoVed skirts $17*50 buttons; very stylish and line value a
Walking Shirts on Sale Monday, at $3.50
Ladies' Walking Skirts, made of splendid quality fancy-mixed men's wear *n«enai,
in Oxford with dainty narrow green stripes — well tailored with seven gores, stircnea
at bottom and finished with cording and buttons — special to-morrow, whhe q Cfj
they last, at the extraordinarily low-price of «pw.UU
Sale of Velvets and Velveteens G&S&)
A big special purchase of Velvets and Velveteens goes on sale to-morrow. A prominent manu-
facturer, recognizing our ability^to handle large lots, has closed to us his entire over production at
a sacrifice. They are the kinds which are now all the rage for coats, wraps, waists and gowns.
We offer them Monday in four lots, as follows :
\*r-i»**w»e^ Changeable Silk Velvets, 20 lndiM vi4«, mJ valu« It. 50 a yard, at 1 &R P* (*
*VW%p Mirrored Silk Velvets, 19 Itu-kw w4A». nal vai-:« J125 a yard, at I /
** - Metal Flared Velveteens, osia^tcs wide, real value f 1.00* yard, at f ft
Velveteen, black and colors, 24 inches wide, real value, $1.00 a yard, at J
A Great Umbrella Special at 85c. csssso
Never'such an Umbrella for so little money — it will pay you to buy some ahead for Christmas
presents. They are in both ladies' and gents' sizes, made of good quality Gloria, with steel rod,
and come in scores of different style handles, embracing all the latest effects in Dresden, metal and
natural woods. If bought in the regular way they could not be sold for less than $1.50 and OC«
$1.75 — our price to-morrow....T> OOw
REAL CLUNY LACE ART LINENS LADIES' CORSET COVERS
(Second Floor, Kearny Street) At RcdflCed Prices (Sire?*?)
Thanksgiving being just a short way off, we direct at- To-morrow you will have an unusual chance to par-
tention to our handsome assortment of Real Cluny Lace chase muslin Corset Covers— excellent qualities, daintily
Table Decorations. They are hand made, in exquisite and carefully made up— at much less than- regular prices:
designs and are offered at most moderate prices : Corset Covers of good quality muslin, trimmed * -
Cluny Lace DoyJies 40c to $1.15 with lace and embroidery, value 65c. special.. *3C
Cluny U« S, U .r« f 1 .25 t. 18.00 ggt Cov^abo^t,,. m.d with t ,rchon
Cluny Lace Center Pieces $ 1 .25 to $8.00 Corset Covers of fine cambric, allover tucked and c 1
Cluny Lace Table Runners 1 6.50 to f 8.75 lace trimmed, value $1.25. sale price ipl.UU
LACE MAKING MATERIALS i BEADS FOR INDIAN WORK
For Holiday Fancy Work Aad Bead Looms (sSSSfe)
********¦, (First Floor, Sutter strety There is quite a craze for this interesting fancy work-
Special care has been given to our Lace Braid Depart- we carry everything required — brads of all kinds and
ment, where we are now showing large assortments of sizes, looms, instruction books, pattern books, etc.— we
Duchesse, Point Lace, Battenberg and new Pull Braids— ! also give lessons on bead work, class days, Alonday,
in white, ecru and cream : j Wednesday ar.d Friday.
Cotton Pull Braids 25: to 70c dozen yards ! Indian Beads, all colors, large bunch 20c
Silk Pull Braids 60c to 90c dozen yards Large fancy Venetian Beads, each 5c
We carry the most complete line in the city of stamped Re- Looms for making Bead Work, each 35c to 50c
naissance Patterns, Rings, Threads, etc.. for lace making. ; Books, with patterns for Bead Work, each 5c to 25c
SALE OF SWEATERS ARABIAN LACE CURTAINS
For Ladies and Misses. ( T K h e i a r r d n^ r ) #^ Special Sale To-morrow. (se««dino«x
To-morrow we offer a special line of Wool We have determined t0 give our cu U st o mer s
l wea u er i, f0I> ? 1 r eS 'l hat U °" °i! to-morrow the best bargain in Arabian Curtains
the shoulder are finely made and come in such ever known< , f w | a eaTly
desirable colors as navy, red, white and brown, * II «¦«*•>•
also in pretty stripe effects — just -the thing 300 Pairs Arabian Lace Curtains with superior quality
for tramping, physical culture, bicycling, etc. cable net centers— several handsome insertion border
Sweaters that sold regularly at $2.75,13.50 cn designs to choose from — curtains that sell '
and $4.00 each, closing out price «pl.i)U regularly at $3.25 pair; sale price to-morrow. $2.50
Write for Our New Illustrated Catalogue— We Mail It Free.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NEWMAN & LEVINSON.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
W Miss Gannon, Sec'y Detroit H
Amateur Art Association, tells
young women what to do to
avoid pain and suffering caused
Jby female troubles.
•* Dear Mks. Piitkham : — I can con-
scientiously recommend Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound
to those -of my sisters suffering* With
female weakness and the troubles
which bo often befall women. I suf-
fered for months with general weak-
ness, and felt so weary that I had hard
work to keep up. I had shooting pai ns,
and was utterly miserable. In my dia-
trgsslwas advised to use Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound, and it was a red letter day to
me when I took the first dose, for at
that time my restoration began. In
six weeks I was a changed woman,
perfectly well in every respect. I felt
so elated and happy that I want all
women who suffer to get well as I did."
— Miss Gvila. Gaunon, 359 Jones St.,
Detroit, Mich., Secretary Amateur Art
Association. —SSOOO forfeit If original of above
letter proving Genuineness cannot be produced.
When one considers that Miss
Gannon's letter is only one of the
countless hundreds which ' we
are continually publishing in the news-
papers of this country, the great virtus
of Mrs. Pinkham's medicine must be
admitted by alL
9 $7.50 $10.00 $12.50 $15.00 $16.50 $17.50 |
9 $20.00 $22.50 $35.00 $45.00 $55.00 I
H These are very special values — iftfhii f]
H much better than you can find in any fti£^
H It is without fear of successful 1^11^*=?^ M
I contradiction that we make this state- &iP®§!§l I]
M When you buy furs from us you j£&&y+!j/ (1
H deal direct with the manufacturer— . l\
II It isn't icasonablc to suppose that /^^^^ jlfflmn U
H dealers who buy of the makers can /^^^e^^-'"« U
ft sell for as little as the makers them- / A^fflM] M
M When a dealer goes to a maker he \ J^^^Wr^'-l w
a must pay the maker a profit; then, V^/yLiC^llfiir 0
fi when he offers the furs to you he lr*yB* fiallia
S must ask a profit for himself. BV Jfi JsfjffiA fl
if That fact is as plain as a full moon x \g H
3 We make all the furs we sell, and f l\ K,\ 0
S there is only one fair, reasonable Jr 1\ V « \ \ fl
B profit between our customers and the f JP \f, t \ \A
g actual cost of production— ours. f /I j \ \ li
H To that — and the painstaking way T/'C'Cii^ I
13 in which our furs are made— is due P$> ' **
B most of the credit for the remarkable JCkXJf?'** * J^T^^ 3
S growth of this business. Vn^S^viJij^?^^? 1
2 We make a specialty of repairing
H and remodeling furs; ' "" - . g
W&BPftM IMrJflWi MKMfta^ 1J J4WJ KBBWBB^lBB^^WWHJfll^W.tX' | l r WM Tr*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦¦¦¦BHIHHBBBMaBfiflBB
I AUCTION! I
1 PERSIAN I
5 Monday, Nov. 9 g
: DAILY ALL WEEK ! |
¦ At 3:30 p. m. §
H Mihran's new imported collection S
¦ of real antique Rugs-finest Rugs m
¦ in the city— being sold out at auc- m
B tion. Tou cannot afford to miss «
g this opportunity. " S
¦MIH R~/\ N'S"
B 205 Post Street §
BMBMBMMBBBHBBBBBBB
E&^Ktl|v^y^^MWyjgdR^rar^^^§BB|
sjvazz. svx w- V®a. We9$mw/
r*vrjrcnrr ctrrrsyo -^ ¦
srjurrojr rjr/j wjuzh - caju, oa
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all olh*r facial ttcrnlsbc* are removed bv
im. and MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE. l>onoho«
huiidlnji. 1170 Market street, cor. Taylor room*
23-29. with the electric needle without pain or
Dry Goods Company
Ladies 9 Tailored Stilts
On Monday we will open for inspection a
special line of Ladies' Tailor Made Suits in
cloth, cheviot and fancy mixtures made to sell
at these exceptional values:
$25, $30, $35.
11.11' M-
DAILY ARRIVALS
Ladies' Tailor Made Suits
Cloth, Etamine and Lace Dress Skirts
Walking Skirts in plain or mixed materials
Evening Coats of cloth and velvet
Black Broadcloth and Cheviot Jackets, and Tan
Covert Cloth Jackets
Cravenette Rain-or-Shine Coats and Raglans
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
Ge&ry ar.d Stockton Streets, Union Squars-The Danish Brotherhood of America
gave a dramatic entertainment and ball
last evening in Lyric Hall on Eddy street.
At the conclusion of the dramatic part of
the programme dancing was enjoyed.
Banes Give Ball.
The children's concert yesterday at Cen
tury Hall r-roved both a financial and a
poc'.al success. The liberal offering o(
shekels will be gratefully used by the
¦worthy patroneesses In the work they are
doing on Telegraph Hill. A second dis
trict r.ur?e was the most urgent need,
which Is now happily provided for.
The programme, given entirely by chil
dren, consisted of songs by the little peo
ple, selections by Columbia Park Boys'
Band and a "Dance of the Midgets," in
¦which eight children made no end of fun
in their strange masks and costumes.
A bazaar occupied attention after the
programme. and flowers, tea and fancy
articles were rapidly sold by the popular
young women who presided at the various
tables. The flower booth was made par
ticularly artistic with decorations, and
the fair ones who conducted the sale wore
picturesque kimonas and carried flowers
about on their fans to tempt purchasers.
Some of the bright young women at the
tables were Miss Christine Pomeroy, Miss
Eells. Miss Helen Chescbrough, Miss Cof
fin, Miss Frances Allen. Miss Alice Ames,
Miss Cadwallader and Miss Charlotte
Wilson.
The patronesses were Mrs. Edward
Eyre, Mrs. Lathrop. Mrs. McLaren, Mrs.
GIrvin, Mrs. George Page, Mrs. F. H.
Beaver, Mrs. A. M. Easton and Mrs. Hor
ace G. Hellman.
• • •
The annual bazaar for the Buford Kin-
CONCERT NETS
NEEDED MONEY
FOR CHARITY
The meeting was called to order by the
president. Mrs. Anna E. Mclntyre. After
the usual routine of business was disposed
of the following ladles were installed as
the officers for the ensuing year by Miss
Mary J. Bragg, who acted as installing
officer, and Mrs. Margaret Wheelan as
marshal:
Mrs. Anna E. Mclntyre, president;
Mrs. Agnes B. Macdonald, first vice presi
dent: Mrs. Louise Berryman, second vice
president; Mrs. Julia R. Brown, record
ing secretary: Mrs. E. C. Davenport,
financial secretary; Mrs. Margaret Mc-
Oormlck. treasurer; Mrs. Margaret
Wheelan, marshal.
The new board of directors consists of
Mrs. S. A. Keith, Mrs. Augusta P.
Holmes and Mrs. E. M. North.
The new trustees are Mrs. S. C. Gor
ham, Mrs. Rosa T. Boyd, Mrs. Marion B.
Cumming, Mrs. A. M.' Bridenstein and
Mrs. S. C. Scoofy.
This association meets on the first Fri
day of each month and has started out on
a most promising year. It is composed
of pioneer women and the female de
scendants of pioneers. The object of this
society Is to collect and preserve histori
cal and biographical records and reminis
cences of. pioneer women as well "as to
cultivate social Intercourse. , / '
The regular monthly meeting of the
Association of Pioneer Women of Cali
fornia took place at Golden Gate Hall on
Friday last.
Mr. and Mrs. Leopold Weil announce
the engagement of their daughter Alyce
to Milton Wallace Levy and will be at
home Wednesday. November 11, at the
Hotel Majestic. .
• • •
Miss Julia de Laveaga, whose marriage
to Andrew Welch is approaching, was
guest of honor at a luncheon given by
Mrs. Louis Welch yesterday at the Uni
versity Club. Purple orchids predomi
nated In the artistic decorations and com
prised the dainty favors for the guests.
Among those present were Mrs. Eugene
Lent. Mrs. Charles K. Harley. Miss Alice
Butler. Miss Florence Callaghan. Miss
Alice Demlng and Miss Eleanor Demlng.
The Maria Kip Orphanage at Seventh
avenue and Lake street was thconged
with friends yesterday afternoon and
evening during the annual sale for the
benefit of the. homeless ones. Dancing
was an lmDortant feature of the even
ing's amusement for the young people
and the purchase of Christmas gifts oc
cupied the attention of the chaperoa*.
• • • •
The rummage sale for the benefit of
the San Francisco Nursery for Homeless
Children will remain open to the public
at 37 Fourth street during the present
week. The board of lady managers has
worked zealously in collecting a large
number of useful articles and Is taking
an active nersonal .interest in selling
them. Yesterday evening the sale was
well attended, and if the success contin
ues the 'nursery tots will be materially
benefited by this annual enterprise.
Among the managers who presided yes
terday were Mrs. W. S. Leake. Mrs. J. J.
Bouse. Mrs. J. J. Spleker and Mrs. George
Sperry-
dergarten was held yesterday at 2308
Jackson street, the residence of Mrs.
Harry Durbrow, one of the lady managers
of that organization. One hundred guests
lent their presence to this worthy cause
and purchased generously from the tables
laden with dolls. Christmas eifts and
general articles practicable to households.
The following women presided during
the bazaar: Miss J. Stanyan, doll table;
Mrs. Johnson. Miss Reed. Miss Jones and
Mrs. Donaldson, fancy goods; Mrs. \V. \V.
Anderson. Mrs. Charles Durbrow and
Miss Durbrow, candy booth: Mrs. Barker,
Mrs. House and Mrs. Horsburgh, table of
fancy articles for general use. Mrs. Ar
thur K. Durbrow, president of the kin
dergarten board, took an active Interest
in promoting the success of the bazaar.
Quarrel Ends in Murder.
TUCUMCARI, N. M., Nov. 7.-Oscar C.
Simpson, son of A. B. Simpson, one of
the most prominent men in this region,
was shot and killed here by Peter Ezra"
after a quarrel that originated at a dance.
Kzra escaped. Threats to lynch him if
captured have been made, i A .,-'
Mr. Ford was accompanied here by W.
E. Pearce, manager of the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company, and C. D. Dunann,
general passenger agent of the same com
pany. They have already leased lots in
the various cities, in which they will es
tablish lumber yards, and all that remains
for them to enter actively into the busi
ness la the arrival of the first shipload of
lumber. Mr. Ford states that the business
the company will transact in this part of
the State will amount to millions of dol
lars annually.
Colonel Wilhelm is to continue his visits
to the several units of the guard in the
State under Instructions from the War
Department and give each advice as to
what should be done before making the
inspections. ,He hopes by giving such ad
vice that he will enable the several or
ganizations to correct many of the faults
that have been noted by Inspectors and
to arouse a spirit of pride that will in
duce all officers and men to devote more
attention to the school of the soldier
which is the preliminary to making first'
class soldiers out of the men who have
enlisted in the service of the State. The
material in the ranks of the several or
ganizations is good, but it needs to b©
trained. The colonel admits that it Is not
easy work to train men to be soldiers,
but he desires to impress on all command
ers that the putting of a uniform on a
recruit, giving him a rifle and putting him
through "fours right" and "fours left"
is not all that is requisite to make a sol
dier of the recruit. .
Colonel Wilhelm will talk to the First
Battalion of Artillery to-morrow night in
the Ellis-street armory.
lie thinks that in yiew of the neglect
with papers at headquarters and delays
ia attending to correspondence there
Bhould be selected for the division and
each brigade headquarters a quartermas
ter, commissary and ordnance sergeant
specially qualified by reason of fitness, to
attend to their respective duties.
WILHELM TO TALK.
The inspector Is of the opinion that
"there is a lack of systematic' theoretical
instruction for officers %nd non-commis
sioned officers throughout the entire divi
sion." He suggests that a general 1 plan
be adopted whereby there should be such
instruction.
"Careful investigation among the field
and line officers of the various regiments
develops the fact that at no time since
the last annual inspection and muster
have the organizations composing the dif
ferent brigades by their respective brigade
commander or his representative been
visited. This condition would Indicate an
utter absence of any interest in the. subor
dinate organizations on the part of the
brigade commander, and it seems that If
these visits are not made voluntarily they
should be required."
The colonel is not sparing of the rank,
for he says: "The records of the various
brigade headquarters are fairly kept, but
I find that no care is taken in scrutiniz
ing reports and returns of different kinds,
as well as letters which are transmitted
through these headquarters. Requisitions,
demands, etc., are approved without re
gard to correctness. Letters are received
and transmitted which are absolutely un
rallltary in form. All of these matters be
ing of great importance, they should re
ceive more careful consideration at these
headquarters.
RECORDS FAIRLY KEPT.
Captain Henry G. Mathewson, com
manding Company D, First Infantry, who
a short time since returned from Fort
Rilcy. Kansas, to which point he was de
tailed by Governor Pardee, commander in
chief, to observe the military maneuvers
of the regulars and the National Guard
and to make a report of his observations,
was tendered a reception and banquet by
his company a few evenings since in the
regimental armory at 32 Page street.
There were covers for sixty and all seats
were occupied. After the supper there
were interesting remarks by Major Thom
as J. McCreagh, who was commander of
Company D prior to and during the Span
ish-American war, and by many others.
The special guest of the evening gave an
Interesting account of his observations at
Fort Riley, and what he said was fre-*
quently applauded.
The staff, field and line officers of the
First Infantry will in the near future ten
der a reception and give a banquet to
Major McCre»gh and Captain Mathewson,
at which the first named will report upon
the convention of National Guard officers,
which he attended as a representative
from this State and which was held in
Columbus, Ohio. The last named will tell
of his observations at Fort Riley.
During the recent inspection by Colonel
Koster of the National Guard of the State
there were in the whole division, absent
at inspection, thjrty-six officers out of 295
and 572 enlisted men out of 3176. Of this
number 129 officers and men were absent
in the First Brigade, 210 In the Second and
276 in the Third.
Colonel Koster In his report says that
the department of rifle practice In the Na
tional Guard of this State does not re
ceive the attention that this important
part of the service is entitled to. "The
inspectors," he says, "should be fully
posted on the nature and extent of in
struction in th's branch being given In
their respective commands and should be
prepared to make suggestions for the
benefit of this department," but they are
not evidently.
On the subject of armories in the State
he says: "As long as the State does not
provide armories company commanders
will be required to make their own ar
rangements and secure the best obtainable.
The majority of armories are located on
second and third floors of buildings, many
of them frail structures, by no means
fireproof, and in the event of trouble
would be difficult to guard against inva
sion." The best in the State, he says,
are the First Infantry Armory in San
Francisco; Company F, Second Infantry,
in Woodland, and Company G, Sixth In
fantry, in Bakersfteld, while the one oc
cupied by the troops located in Sacra
mento "is miserable, a disgrace to the
State, but it is the best obtainable."
Tlie attention of all members of the
command is called to paragraph 5 of
the army regulations, 1901, and to para
graph 11 of the rules and regulations
of the National Guard of California, and
a strict observance will be required. lioth
relate to the same subject. The language
of the rules and regulations Is as follows:
"Discussions conveying censure toward
others In the service and all* publications
fif a personal nature, whether by news
paper, pamphlet or handbill, between mil
itary men are prohibited."
RECEPTION TO MATHEWSON.
3. How many times a:irl when they have held
schools for cfflctrs ami non-commissioned offi
cers, and the scope of the Instruction given.
¦i. What general instruction:; thry have Riven
or directed to b» given to their res]>ertiv<; com
uiBmlrt In military courtesy and etiquette^
. r >. What attention they have glve/l to the
ispue. care and custody of clothing, arms anil
equipment of their respectUrc coinmatuif-.
Similar reoortfl will hereafter lie made <>n
March 31. Junu o0. September :>0 and Decem
ber ::i of each year, covering* the preceding
thrre months.
The recent criticisms upon the National
Guard of California, drawing attention to
laches, neglect and many matters that
did not place the organization In a pleas
ant light, has caustd an awakening, as
appears from the order issued a few days
since from division headquarters, which
says:
Commanding officers of brigades, regiments
and battalions •will report to thes" headejuar
jeis not later than December 1, 11)03:
]. What imrtiuns of their commands they
have vl.-itod, specifying the names of organiza
tions and the number and dates qf visits made,
and Whether they were made lur Instruction or
Inflection.
-. U for Instruction, v.hat were .the subjects
covered; if fnr Inspection, what was the extent
of the same?
With its facilities for transporting its
lumber and its ownership of its own lum
ber tracts in Washington, the company's
entrance into the lumber business will
mean such competition with existing cor
porations that unless there is a combina
tion, which is probable, prices will
have to be reduced. At San Pedro the
company has secured a tract of thirty
acres fronting on the deep water harbor,
from which it can unload its vessels and
place their cargoes directly upon the cars
for transportation to points in the inte
rior.
To-day J. C Ford, vice president and
general manager of the Pacific ('oast
Company, announced that his company
will within sixty days establish lumber
yards in I-'>s Angeles, Santa Barbara,- San
Diego, Pasadena, Riversldp; San Bernar
dino, Pomona and subsequently at various
other points. San Pedro will be the point
from which the stock of these various
yards will be distributed.
In order to handle this new business the
company has added to its already large
fleet of vessels three large steam schoon
ers, wh!ch are now in Pr.get Sound ready
to be loaded with the first shipment of
lumber for the Southern California mar
ket. It i4-the Intention of the company to
purchase three other vessels for the same
trade.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS AKGEI.ES, Nov. 7.— The Pacific
Coast Company, which owns the Pacific
Coast Steamship Company, two railroads,
several coal mines, much valuable water
frontage and extensive tracts of timber
lands in the State of Washington, is pre
paring to enter the lumber business
throughout Southern California on a scale
which will revolutionize that important
business In this section of the State.
For more than two years the price of
building materials here has soared to a
degree which would hardly be thought
possible, but despite the high prices there
has been an almost unprecedented build
ing boom in all the more Important towns.
Fortunes have been made In lumber and
prices have constantly advanced.
Captain Henry G. Mathewson
of the First Tendered
a Recsption.
Southern California Timber
Business May Be Revo
lutionized.
Commanding Officers to
Attend to Du£y
in Future. «
Pacific Coast Company
Prepares for Giant
Project.
GUARD AROUSED
BY CRITICISM
PLANS TO RULE
LUMBER FIELD
THE SAN FKANCJSCO CALL, SUNDAY. NOVEMBER 8, 1903.
33
j - tfW^ w * u . lJXJ1J^^wusjBaCTjrr8. j . j . i _ ru _ 1J . J _ r _. J
I
Week Commencing This Afternoon,
¦ November 8.
Peerless
i Vaudeville!
The fnlversal Favorites.
ALBERT LOTTIE
BELLMAN AND MOORE
Presenting "A GALLERT GODDESS."
FRED AL
WARREN I BLANCHARD
The Comedian and the Slneer.
JACK THEO TRIO
Dancing and Acrobatic Novelty Artists.
PHIL AND NETTIE PETERS
Side-splitting Comedy Duo.
"Village Choir" Qnartet
In a Change of Repertory.
MAX WALDON
European Transformation Artist.
CUVETTE
Masieian. Jusgler and Silhouettist
THE TWO ROSES
In Their Dainty Musical Offering.
Positively Last W>elc of
Golem an's Dogs and Cats
Direct from the Alhambra. London.
AUTOMOBILE RACES
At Ingleside Yesterday. Shown in
MOTION* PICTURES.
Parquet, any seat, 23c; Balcony, NV;
Children, any part except reserved.
10c. A few front Orchestra rows re-
served. 50c; front rows ot Balcony,
reserved, 25c.
Kb 0
\- - '"*'¦¦> ;>t ~ .^!>-"**Q^sVg >?j'^*«/ > ***^"***a
t^- 0^* ' ¦*¦*/"* -'^iki***''^' "Tltsi^* ¦
AUTOMOILE
AND
MOTOR CYCLE
RACES
INCLESIDE TRACK
TO=DAY AT I O'CLOCK SHARP.
BARNEY OLDFIELD
Will try to break his record of yesterday —
one mile in 58 4-5 seconds.
NINE BIG RACES!
Eastern and Local Attractions.
ADMISSION-ONE DOLLAR.
TIVOLTSSR
NOTE — Performances begin at S sharp; Sat-
urday matinee at 2 sharp.
TO-NIGHT— La3t Performance ot "Caval-
lerla"' and "Pasliaccl."
— — 3TXXT WSSK—
Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday
Evenings,
Puccini's Famous Trade Opera.
"TOSCA."
Tuesday, Thursday and Sunday Evenings,
Saturday Matinee,
Verdi's Ever Popular Work.
"IL TROVATORE."
MONDAY. 1GTH INST.-^STEINDORFF NIGHT
Prices always tbe same — 25c. 50c. 75c.
Telephone Bush 9.
ALCAZAR-H^'"
• General Manacer.
MAT. TO-DAY— TO-NIGHT— LAST TIMES.
TOO MUCH JOHNSON.
"Everybody is talking about the excellence
and versatility of the new Alcazar players."—
Bulletin.
To-Morrow NUht — One Week.
The Private \ mrJm \
Hthat wont
fi • Q WEAR OUT!
Secretary.... •=- — J
Evgs.. 25c to 75c: Mat. Sat. Sc Sun., 15c to 50c.
MON., NOV. 16 — The Very Funny Comedy.
THE CLUBS OrtO-V.
First Time in San Francisco.
Belasco &. Mayer, Proprietors.
Market st.. Near Eighth— Phone South 533.
MATINEE TO-DAY — TO-NIGHT, LAST
TIME,
The Brilliant Historical Drama.
"AT VALLEY FORGE"
On Account of Universal Demand,
L R. STOCKWELL'S Mammoth Production ot
"UNCLE TOM'H CABIN."
Will Be Repeated
MONDAY NIGHT— ALL NEXT WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
100 People in the Cast — 100!
Chorus or GO Colored Folks!
New Sonws. Choruses, Dances. Tableaux!
L. R. STOCKWELL as Marks, the Lawyer.
DDIPEC Evenings 10c to 50o
rAlWLJ Matinees 10c. 15c. 23a
High-Glass Specialties Evary Afternoon and
* Evening in the Theater.
QUEEN. STOWE ANT> FEELY: WATNB
and LA MAR: LEW WELLS: INEZ and
ODEY; ALLEN SISTERS: MABEL LAM-
SON', and
NEW MOVING PICTURES.
DON'T FAIL TO SEE !
THE COLORED BABT ¦ .
In the INFANT INCUBA1OR.
Lots of Ftxn la the Penny Arcad*.
ADMISSION. 10c: CHILDREN. Ze— --
WEEKLY CALL, $1 PEE YEAB.
729 Market Street (Top Floor), S. T.
Hours— 9 to 8 dsJly; 0 to 12 Sundays.
C. K. HOLSMAN, M. D.
I ALSO CURE
Lett aisjahocd, ZTcrrous Dtbllity,
Wasting* Drain", Unnatural Weak.
ne>B, stricture, Varlcocelt, Hy&rocele,
Contracted AHmeati, Gleet, Piles,
Stxpture, Diseases ei Kidneys, Blad-
dCr# •^^ TZBU8
•" KEASONABZ.B
f U HONEST
/ Vtft TXBATMXHT.
L HV QUXCX AXTI>
fe* +**+. «S PEKMAKEarr
W ?gtt 3R CUBES.
I i-^ %S If you cannot
LdSferv i^f call write for
-V question list and
w£j<~r~ I frw book de-
WfMji J\ scribing my spe-
Ip 'J\ ft Correfpondenc9
I / cenfldentlal.
I i@ / ' Cons ultation
* . and adrie* free.
There it no human disease, hereditary
or contracted, that raqsteca more heroic
treatment than ap«c'nc or contagious
poison In the blood. Hot Eprin* Batha,
Specific Remedies, Potash. Mercury and
other Poisonous mixture* may either boll
out or driv« In the external symptom* for
a tlm*. but tb«y 6o not eradicate the mer-
ciless. ' killing, all-onxumins; taint any
men than the fabled fountain of Pone* de
Leon produced perpetual youth.
My treatment for Syphilitic Blood Poi-
son contain* no dangerous drugs or in-
jurious medicines. It has b«en thoroughly
tested in the most sever* cases, and has
r.tvrr failed to txterainat* the germ of
disease no that a sirs never reappears. It
completely reorganizes th* blood corpus-
claa eliminates the infectious matter and
forces out every particle of Impurity. The
blood, the tissue the nerves, the benes
end the whole system are cleansed, purl-
n»il and restored to perfect health, and
the patient prepared anew for the duties
and pleasures of life.
PERMANENTLY CURED
Inherited or Contracted,
Primary or Secondary,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WAS IT A HIT? "WAS IT A SUCCESS?
WATCH THE CROWDS POUR IN TO SEE
J RUBES AND ROSES [
So Awfully Funny, So Awfully Clever, So Mag-
nltlcently Staged.
Our "All Star" Cast, Including
KOLB AND DILL.
BARNEY BERNARD.
WINFIELD BLAKE,
MAUDE AMBER.
GEORGIA O'RAMET,
BEN T. DILLON.
Reserved Seats — Nichts. 25c, 50c and 75c.
Saturday and Sunday Matinees. 25c and 50c.
Children at Matinees, 10c and 25c.
..CALIFORNIA..
TO-NIGHT, .
The World's • Most Marvelous Magician,
fjlii
ySL THE GREAT.
Accompanied by the Military Musicians,
THE LASKYS.
NEXT SUNDAY— The only and original
ROSE MELVILLE in "Sis Houkins."
THIS AFTERNOON AND NIGHT.
• Two FarewelJ Concerts.
ELLERY'S
ITALIAN BAND
SPECIAL GREAT PROGRAMMES.
Reserved seats, $1 and 75c, and 500 good
seats at 50c.
General admission, 60c. Box office to-day at
Alhambra Theater. ..Phone Hyde 1471.
„ STJuIxi W A X M T.T. t
jS^fjtraBE^- "¦¦ " Tne Marconi of the
' j "HYPNOTI3M ( AND
<3 With Experiments in
AMUSEMENTS.
vULUmjDi A LEADING THEA.Hf
TO-NIGHT
AND FOR A SECOND AND .
LAST WEEK
Commencing MONDAY.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
STUB
-ro- MERRY
i MUSICAL
M C-MEDY
i ROSEBUD > H% |f">
GARDEN OF ™ m t«£fc
GIRLS
(Management Dearborn Theater Co.)
Carried to Success on the Wings of Unbounded
Praise.
The Strongest Singing Organization on Tour.
'MONDAY, NOVEMBER 16
CHARLES FROHMAN presents
VIRGINIA HARNED
in Pincro's masterpiece
The most talked-of play of the paat decade.
The N. Y. Sun says: "Not to have seen thia
masterpiece of IMnero's is to ha\ - e missed a
great vital' play."
SEATS READY THURSDAY.
COLUMBIA THEATER-Special!
FRIDAY AFTERNOON. Nov. 20. at 1 O'clock
Sharp,
FIFTH ANNUAL, RENEFIT.
Under the Aur:>ices of the
ASSOCIATLD THEATRICAL MANAGERS
OF SAN FRANCISCO
In Aid of Their
Devoted to the Relief of the Sick and Needy
in the Profession. v
MONSTER CONTINUOUS PERFORMANCE
' Talent From I
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
COLUMBIA THEATER
CALIFORNIA THEATER
ORPHEUM
_ ALCAZAR
TXVOX.X OPERA HOUSE
CENTRAL THEATER
CHUTES
Tickets Are on Sale at the Box Offices of All
Theaters.
__MisCjBMA.WEJ^U^^MUSEMEWTS^_
SAN FRANCISCO BY AUTOMOBILE.
Rates Less Than Carriage Hire.
Gall MOBILE Carriage Go.
GOLDEN GATE AND VAN NESS AVES.
Phones I.arkin 3841. Polk 3080.
Downtown office. Lobby Palace Hotel, Phone
Bush S50.
You: can secure these cars at the of fie of any
hotel or cafe. Open night and day.
C. W. LEADBEATER
Of -London Will Lecture Upon
"THE USE AND ABUSE OF PSYCHIC
POWERS"
In Golden Cate Hall at 8 o'clock To-night.
ADMISSION FREE.
ClgfjITfi By Electro-chemistry
1 ill I i% Are Quick, Painless, Per-
U 1 1 %*aW manent and Inexpensive
I ..-.-¦¦•. .. > t ' ¦¦ -' I "Whea a man feeli that hi» life has
f, -;¦ - i •' - _ ': "'¦ ":';¦'-¦ ' r-- *i teen aavea It 1b no mere than natural
? • „;' •< • 3ns j that he considers it his duty to tell ot
iS^Ii^^Spi "^ - -j it. X am sure that Electro-Chemistry
• ¦ r^^^^'^^^s^^^ , J saved my life, ror about four years I
'if r ... ii&^telisS!^ - * uffere <l from hemorrhasre from the blad-
A . f - ******'^B^'";. : . '.- . } dcr, caused, as my doctors told me, by a
-&$*£ » bleeding* tumor, which was (Trowing* ln-
" '{'5;-. ?«. .- ws^i- • ' side the bladder. During* the four years
: *',<¦ *i- : .-¦ :¦'. i?*^ J §pg£$£j£tos> ' 5BBfc|£b''v* v "1 of my sickness I had many doctors, but
¦ -. ~ ¦¦it iJS'V.,'. v^^nv---" ' none could help me. I kept on irrowinjr
:' **. - ¦>'' * "¦"^(••ft* ' worse until I was so weak from the lo«s
.'V- <i»>c*ij^ -^*&V»* "I °* Wood that X took my last physician's
j'VV' " "* ' 4 5 *? Sf v *- ' • - - ' advice and packed my trunk and went
»^£'ll^^^^^^i to San rrancif-co to sro into a hospital
• -^"^^ST^itW^^^^ • fcr aa operation. .The surffecu who ex-
* *' '<*-' > &&*£5- ¦ .-' i S* amined me told my wife that the opera-
~< '^j^?- \^ fc **s&fsF < -'':*. J>=*V1 ""a v/ould co.t five hundred dollars and
'v^i^SSr^^^^l^PjB^^ 1 - v>^ '* that there was little hope of savins* my
f!? -^£p|*- 'v' " *> i Ufe owinjr to my weakened condition
ii5df§g§ai&' : 1 "^ lijiaM*— •¦ ""- from the loss of blood.
r«£&£ssii5&. ' : ¦•' #5^£pS$i^^ "My wife decided that sho would not
EHKt>i, J^^^»^^^^S?J Iet me take such a hcpeless chance,
F\*S«?£3&^ '¦•'¦'• - . "»* «he took me from the hospital to
hnrfrigSBlt iffv,.v....... -•-:¦¦¦ ":'. S£$@5£ttMW%8ST$l the Electro-Chemic Institute. 118 arant
___, _„.„__ avenue, San Francisco. After a careful
3XR. PETES C. ASDEHSO5. examination, the physiciane cf the In-
Peaai Grove, Cal. stitute told me that they could cure m«
without an operation, and X am alivo and
well to-day, and happy to be able to say publicly that the Electro-Chemic treat-
ment did cure me without a minute's pain or suffering* of any kind. In three
months from the time X commenced the treatment X was hard at work in the
hay fields, feeling* perfectly well and strensr.
"My wife is now taking* the Electro-Chemic treatment for a trouble peculiar
to women, and she is fretting* along* splendidly. X have recommended the treat-
ment to quite a number cl my friends, and every ens has been deli?hted with the
success of it. X live at Peans Grove, air miles out from Pctaluina. Should any
one wish to know' more about my wonderful cure I shall be pleased to have
them come and see me. cr if that is impossible to write me about it.
(Sig-zxed) "PETE3 C. ANDE3XSOH. ?enn« Grove P. O.. California."
ELECTRO-CHEMIC SPECIALTIES
Th»» ET^ctro-Chenalc X-Ray euros CANCER. TUMORS. OI.X> SOSES. IiU-
FTTS. ECZEMA. CONSUMPTION and CATARRH of th* LUNGS, and it is the
only treatment known to scif-noe that will cure these diseases.
It is absolutely fio<_- from danger. We have treated thousands and have
never had a stogie bad result.
Electro-Chemistry cures diseases of the stomace, liver, Sidneys and
BOVTELS. Thf worst case* arc quickly and permanently cured. Cases which are
usually made worse by medical treatments yield promptly to Electro-Chemistry.
Brine: ¦ small bottle <>f morninrc: urine for free examination,
SPECIAL DISEASES of WOUEH, the kind that usually send the sufferer to
the Burpeon. are <-ure«l by Electro-Chemistry painlessly. No cutting, no dosing
•with powerful and poisonous medicines.
The Electro-Chemic treatment for women is absolutely devoid of all objec-
tionable features, and the most delicate, the most nervous women, take the treat-
ment with pleasure «nd delight, and they feel improvement from the very first
application. -
In BKEUMATXSM, KE-JP.ALGIA. X.OCOMOTOU ATAXIA and PARALYSIS
the treatment soes directly into the weakened nerves and muscles, taking away
the swelling .ind pain. -and it strengthens them from the start.
In fspeci.il diseases of men the, cures are quick. The patient foels improve-
ment from the very start of the treatment. In prostatic troubles, in pleet. stric-
ture and all contracted disorders the eft* -cts of Electro-Chemistry are magical.
In all blood and skin diseases the poison is thrown out of the system by the
saturation of the blood with oxygen applied electrically.
HOME TREATMENT.
We loan outside patients our Eleetro-Chemio apparatus for home treatment
free of charge. advise all our outside patients when it can possibly be
done, to come to our office for a thorough personal examination. In most in-
•tancea the patient can return home the same day. taking the necessary treat-
ment along. When it is impossible to visit us. write a careful description of
principal symptoms and full instructions will be promptly forwarded for home
examination and treatment.
I I%LL X RAY EXAMINATION LLLU I IlU U 11 1 l¥l \\j
All sufferers who are tired of being I El ATlfll VB"
r'.'k. those who have worn out their I RJ \" I I 1 I 1 I |_
stomachs swallowing drugs, those who Ilflfl« I I ill! tJ
have found from bitter experience that InV I I I V I L
the older methods of treatment do not
help them— *11 are invited to come to us I'D (TDAUT £VPNII C PRi* PfKT ST
for free .r-nmlnntion. We will explain ll0 inAIII AVCIlUi., LUn, rUil 51,
how K'.ea* Chemistry acts. We will SAIM FRdfiTlcn
rt«non«trat. ,-cw and why it cures. CAn( rK^WJ^O.
<" >m< j :"t «>r.O«. no matter what your sick-
I'f-ss is and no matter how long you Office hours, 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. and 7 to
hare been sick, nor how many treat- S p. m. daily. - Sundays. 10 a. m. to 1 p
meats you may have used without being m. Separate apartments for ladles and
cured. crentlemen.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENSATIONAL SALE
SENSATIONAL LOW PRICES !
3240 Tailor-Made Suits at
. 65c on the dollar
MR. SIMINOFF in New York purchased the entire stock of two prominent
wholesale manufacturers at his own price. They are the Newest Win-
ter Styles, well made and finished. Never before was there such an op-
portunity t j purchase the most fashionable garments at the height of the s;ason at
SUCH LOW PRICES I
New Norfolk Cutaway Louis XIV blouse effect
52O.CO BLACK CHEVIOT SUITS. Sale price SI2.5O
$25.00 NOVELTY MIXTURE SUITS. Sale price $16.50
$27.50 TAILOR SUITS, plain and Zibeline. Sale price $I8.5O
$30.00 NOVELTY TAILOR SUITS. Sals price S&2, 0 OO
$52.50 NOVELTY TAILOR SUITS. Sale price $22.50
$37.50 NOVELTY TAILOR SUITS. Sale pric2 $25.00
SILK SKIRTS — trimmed — excellent valu:s at ".
... $8.C0, $10.00, $12.50 and $15.00
CHILDREN'S TAN KERSEY COATS - all sizes $5.00
Fur Jackets, Fur Capes, Fur Boas at our usual LOW PRICES
1230 - 1232 - 1234 MARKET STREET, near JONES
. ' AMTTSEMEirrS. !
B Doors Opened During Thla Engagement: Evenings at 7:15 o'clock. Matinees at 1:15. S
m Curtain Rises Evenings Precisely at S o'clock. Matinees at 2 o'clock. S3
Kj No on? will be seated after these hours until conclusion of prelude. ¦ B
1 SECOND WEEK BEGINS MONDAY. I
I NO SUNDAY PERFORMANCES. MATINEES WEDNESDAY and SATURDAY EACH WEEK. I
M ELAW & EBLAITGEK'S fj
H Stupendous Production of General I«ew Wallace's H
y Dramatized by WILLIAM YOUNG. Music by EDGAR STILLMAN KELLEY. H i
I A MIGHTY PLAY. |
H THE MOST IMPRESSIVE OF ALL STAGE PAGEANTS. 11
1 3fifl— PEOPLE IN THE PRODUCTION— 350 1
1 Prices— $2.00, $1.50, $1.00, 75c and 50c. I
H General Admission '$1. All Seats Reserved. Q
3 Out of town mail orders Will be promptly attended to in the order received when H
I accompanied by remittances. Those wishing tickets mailed must inclose a self-ad- H
I dressed envelope for reply. Address all communications to Grand Opera-house, S. F. l\
I p ¦ B . SALE OP SEATS Opens Xext Thursday for the fj
FXnfl! FINAL 17 PERFORMANCES.
1 ¦¦fill Irtt ¦ Including SPECIAL THANKSGIVING DAY MATINEE §
COURSING
ANDREW DEAN, Judge.
JAS. F. GRACE, Slipper.
To-Day, Sunday, Nov. 8, 1903
Evenly Balanced Fur-Chasers
iri All-Age Event.
$1000~Total Purse-$1000
decTand 6,
america's classic:
JOHN GRACE CHALLENGE CUP
• V ¦ . I; ¦
i' SPECIAt TRAIN SERVICE. t
Leave Third and' Townsend streets. 10:15
a,.m. and .1 p. m. ; Twenty-fifth and Valencia
streets. 5 minutes later. Returning lmm»dl-
ateiy after the last course. San Mateo electric
car3 every .,4 minutes during the day. ,
ADMISSION. 25 CENTS. LADIES FREE.
PflififP D °N' T FA'L TO
1U1UWW see the beautiful
j ". COURT Lounging
/¦fill room, the EMPIRE
uuu "PARLOR, the
p 4 PALM ROOM, the
J liniflU LOUIS XV PAR-
U1UUU LOR, and the LA-
U~l~\~ DIES' WRITING
Hotels- RooM -
ABVEETISEMEarTS.UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA CO
EDS WHO ARE ORGANIZING A
SKULL AND KEYS SOCIETY.
BERKELEY. Nov. 7.— The religious
census of Berkeley will begin to-morrow
morning In the Seventh ward, which in
cludes North Berkeley. Twenty-four
enumerators volunteered for the
work, which will be completed In a day.
The other wards will be taken up in or
der. A rally was held last night at. tho
North Berkeley Congregational Church in
anticipation of the work.
Begin Taking Church Census.
J. Smith and Charles Henry were ar-*
rested last night at the Maison Rlche res
taurant on Grant avenue . and charged
with visiting a ' gambling place. They
were found In rooms In the restaurant,
'the entrance to which was throuyh a
blind door from a bathroom. ; A roulette
table was found, but no one was run
ning. it at the time. The police had ob
tained information that a game was^run
nlng there and Sergeant Christianson
raided the rooms. The proprietors of the
came will be arrested later.'
Gambling in Maison Eiche.
NEW YORK. Nov. 7.— The following
Californians are in New York: From San
Francisco— C. K. Harley, at. the Albe
marle; Mrs. Hampton, at the Holland;
W. • H. Vincent, at the . Herald i Square.
From San Diego— Miss Loring, at the St.
Denis.
Californians in New York.
OAKLAND. Nov. 7.— Lum Yow, a Chi
nese, held in the County Jail here for
being illegally in the country, is dying
from dropsy and the. rest of the Chinese
are making unusual efforts to have him
removed from the building, as they be
lieve his death wjll bring 111 luck to all
of them it he should die In confinement.
As it is believed that he can live. but
a few days longer, some arrangements
may be made In regard to him.
Chinese Prisoner Dying.
NKW YORK— Sailed Nov.7- Stmr Calabria,
for Genoa. Leghorn and Naples; stmr Moltke,
for Hamburg; stmr Island, for Chrlstianla and
Copenhagen; stmr La Champacroe.' for. Havre.
QUEEN8TOWN— Arrived Nov 7— Stmr Ara
bic, from/New York, for Liverpool, and. pro
ceeded.
Sailed Nov 7— Stmr Commonwealth,- from
Liverpool, for Boston.
ROTTERDAM— Sailed Nov 7— Stmr Staten
dam, for New York,
GENOA— Arrived Nov 7— Stmr Victoria,
from New York, via Naples.
¦•LIVERPOOL^- Sailed Nov 7— Stmr Canadian,
for Boston; stmr Cymric, for New York; stmr
Georglc, for New York.' £ ¦-- ¦','¦¦
MOVILLE—Sailed Nov 7- %tmr ParUlan,
from Liverpool." for Montreal.
OCEAN' STEAMERS,
VICTORIA, B C— Arriv*d Nov 7— Br ship
Forteviot, from Antwerp. ¦ . .
galled Nov 7 — Bktn I<ahaina. for Tacoma;
Br^shlr* Forteviot, 1 , for Fraaer River; Br stmr
.Vermont, for Comox.
PORT BL.AKELEY— Arrived Nov 7— Bark
S-C Allen, from Honolulu; bark Prussia, hence
Oct 24.
SEATTLE— Arrived Nov 7— Ger «hip Chill,
from Antwerp.
FOREIGN PORT.
j Saturday, November 7.
Stmr W II Kruger, AhUn, 52 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Centralla, Ericsson, 1CS hours from
Grays Harbor. *
Stmr Newbunr, Anflndsen, 1CS hours from
Grays Harbor.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED!
Jubilee Rebekak Lodge, I. O. O. F., will
give a minstrel entertainment for the
benefit of ! Its members and friends in
Scottish Hall on the evening of next Fri
day. For the pleasure of those invited to
be present the fun of the evening will
be by professional talent and a good pro
gramme has been prepared. John T.
Gibson Is chairman and Mrs. Minnie F.
Dobbin secretary of the committee of
arrangements. %?f?
Jubilee Minstrels.
The most distinctly German city In the
United States Is Milwaukee, where more
than half the population la of German
stock.
OAKLAND, Nov. 7,-The following
marriage license was issued ,by. the
County Clerk to-day: Antone R: Medei
ros, aged 25 years, and Mary A. Betten
court, 24, both of San Leandro.
Marriage License.
Season's Rainfall.
OAKLAND, Nov. 7.— The rainfall for
the twenty-four hours ending at 1 p. m.
to-day was .14 of an inch, making a total
n£ 1.60 inches for the present season. *Up
to the same date last year 2.47 Inches fell.
SUISUN. Nov. 7.— The Board of Town Trus
tees of Dixon has passed an ordtn*nc« for th«
closing of saloons at midnight and causing
them to remain closed until 5 o'clock la th«
morning.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Hancock Banning of Los Angeles is at
the Palace. *
F. M. Buck, a fruit man of Vacavllle,
is at the Lick.
Arthur Gourley, a lumberman of Chi
cago, Is at the Palace.
G. W. Campbell, an attorney of San
Jose, is at the' Grand.
Thomas D. Petch, a merchant of Eure
ka, Is registered at the Grand.
Don H. Porter, proprietor of a hotel at
Denver, and wife are at the Palace.
Commander William Truxtun, U. S. N.,
and wife are guests at the Occidental.
II. H. Clark, a mlnfng man of Tonopah,
and daughter are registered at the Palace.
K- Tljokamura, president of the Jap
anese Commission to the St. Louis J3xpo»
sltion, arrived from the East yesterday
and is registered at the Lick.
Dr. C. S. Sargent and wife of Stockton
are at the California.
OAKLAND, Nov. 7. -Rita F. Duratc,
an aged Portuguese woman of Haywardj]
wan adjudged a victim" of senile dementia
to-day and committed to Napa Insane
Asylum, She has been a resident of Ala
meda County for more than thirty years
and is more than 80 years of age.
Mrs. Duarte Insane.
Sa"ns Soucl Parlor, Native Daughters of
the Golden West, which has not for a
long time been obliged to 'resort -to extra
ordinary means \o maintain its fund for
the relief of its members who are taken
sick, finds Itself at this time obliged to
do so because it is running low. The par
lor has decided to give an entertainment
and dance in Golden Gate Hall on No
vember 19 and will appeal to Its friends
and acquaintances to assist.
To Help San Souci's Sick.
OAKLAND, Nov. .7.— Car float No. 2,
v/hich is to be used in the freight' service
of the Southern Pacific Company, was
launched to-day arid will be put Into com
mission as soon as possible. The big float
Is designed to carry fourteen ordinary
freight cars, and has been in course of
construction for more than six months.
New Car-Float Launched
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Nov. 7.
Judge Henry A. Melvin told Andrew P.
Johnson In court to-day that he ought
to have his "head punched" for sending
a vicious letter to his mother-in-law. The
Judge had just perused the missive and
spoke under the feeling that the offender
was out cf reach of the law and that
such a course was the only one calcu
lated to impress the man with a proper
sense of his vulgarity. The case was
first one for the insanity board, which
was called upon to pass upon Johnson's
sanity. It decided that he was not in
sane, but that he should answer before
the police magistrate for his abuse of his
mother-in-law.
Johnson was taken before the insanity
board on the complaint of his divorced
wife. She said that he was an. English
man and did not believe divorce laws
divorced. When he finally drove her to
take refuge in divorce proceedings he re
fused to acknowledge that a court could
separate what God had Joined together.
He Is a man of some education, and stated
that he was a civil, engineer, at present
out of employment.
After getting her decree of divorce mat
ters for Mrs. Johnson only became more
complicated. She went to live with her
mcther, Mrs. Isabella White, at Eighth
and Webster streets, and took -a position
as a long-distance telephone operator.
Whenever Fhe left her house or office
Johnson followed her. tz sne chanced to
speak to a male acquaintance, he warned
the man In the case that she was his
wife and threatened to shoot him if he
spoke to her again.
Mrs. White, Mrs. Johnson's mother, tes
tified that he threatened "to blow the
roof off her house," and produced the
letter which called for the Judge's in
dignation.
When he began to dog the footsteps of
Charles Bird, the husband of a friend
of Mrs. Johnson, Bird had Johnson ar
rested. Prosecuting Attorney Abe Leach
believed he was insane, and Johnson was
booked for examination. After he had
been declared sane he was rearrested
and taken to the City Prison.
Unhappy Marriages.
OAKLAND, Nov. 7.— Mae E. Gischel
was granted a divdtce to-day from
Charles G. Gischel on the ground of de
sertion. She was also given the custody
of their minor child. Alice Gray has. ask
ed the courts for a divorce from Ed
ward Li. Gray upon the ground of ex T
treme cruelty. He is a railroad man and
has an income of $90 a month, of which
she asks that she be given J40 a month
alimony.
Police Job for Army Officer.
NEW YORK, Nov. 7.— The Mail and
Express says that Colonel George B.
Dyer, commander of Twelfth Regiment,
N. Y». N. G., has been asked by Mayor
elect McClcllan to accept the office of
Commissioner of Police under the new
city administration. Colonel Dyer is a
eon of former Governor Kllsha Dyer of
Rhode Island, is a banker and served in
the Spanish-American War as major of
volunteers. - -7
SANTA KOSA. Nov. ".— Flans for the con
ftniftlon of the new California Northwestern
<rjMi». to t«ke the r»lace of the one de*troyp<j
fcr flr« July 4. were made public to-day, it
will be a handsome brick and etucco structure,
*ftT th« style of the depot at Pain Alto, and
trtn cort In the neighborhood of $25,000.
Dirigo Company No. 57 to Entertain
— " Next Thursday Evening,
November 12.
OAKLAND. Nov. 7. — Dirigo Company
Xo. 57, Uniform Rank, Knights of
Pythias, will give a social dance at
Pythian Hall next Thursday evening.
November 12. The grand march will
begin at 9 o'clock.
Following are the committees In
charge of the affair:
Arranprmpnts— Seconii Sergeant Mortimer H.
Weed. O. E. Hei'letfon. O. Melnecke. First
Serfreant Char'.f-H H. Allen. F. B. Lanner, E.
J Reed. Third Sorsennt M. Beck.
Reception — Second Lieutenant H. F. Huber.
F. I. Ford. L. P. Dcslmone. TV. D. Russell,
o'. B. Frisble.
Floor — Kecond Serceant Mortimer H. "Woed,
Captain C L. % E. Wenk, First Lieutenant It.
Fancuf Roy Shay, II. M. Howard. J. W. Mer
chant Andy Kverson. It. A. Dodson. J. E. Tay
lor.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
WILL GIVE DANCE
BRISTOL. Tenn., Xov. 7.-The Went*
family denies emphatically the report
that Edward L. Tfentz. the misstep
young millionaire, has been found and
that he Is being held for ransom. They
say they have absolutely no tidings from
the musing man and that the mystery
is to-day as deep as at any time.
The fact that the proposition to deliver
young AVentz for 5100,000 came from what
Is now regarded as a wholly unrellabla
source leaves the family again at sea.
The theory now is that Wcntz was
murdered and the body, it la feared, may
have been consumed In a coke oven or
furnace of some moonshine distillery.
Missing: Man's Family Scout Theory
That He Is Bein ? Held for
Hansom.
NOW BELIEVE THAT
WENTZ WAS MTJSDERED
The United States' possession will be
complete on receipt of a telegram of ac
ceptance. When the American Embassa.
dor arrives at Guantanamo the Cuban
engineers will point to him the boundary
marks. The suggestion attributed to Sec
retary Moody of a ceremony in which dis
tinguished Cubans shall hand over the
territory to the American admiral is not
favored by the Cubans. Nobody is anx
icus to appear conspicuous in the matter.
Boca Honda is not Included In to-day's
exchange of notes. It and the remaining
territory at Guantanamo will be turned
over later.
Cuba Is Awaiting the Word to Give
¦ Possession.
PREPARING TO ACCEPT.
ALAMEDA, N'ov. 7.— Roosters will have
nothing to crow about in Alameda if the
plan proposed by Dr. Kate Van Orden of
the Board of Health Is carried out. J She
stands for th«j banishment from the Island
of chanticleers because the fowls have
been complained of by residents in the
fashionable Grand street district, who al
lege that the birds with the early crow
arouse them from their peaceful slumbers
when they fain would sleep off that tired
feeling.
Dr. Van Ordcn has prevailed upon the
other members of the Board of Health to
join with her and the City Attorney in
devising an ordinance prohibiting the
keeping of crowing roosters within .certain
prescribed precincts, and if . this cannot
be legally done it is probable that meas
ures will be taken to make Alameda a
forbidden city to all chanticleers.
That roosters are a noisy nuisance Dr.
Van Orden is convinced, and as no con
trivance has been invented wherewith the
crowers could be muzzled she wants them
to get out of town and stay there. It is
expected that the anti-rooster ordinance
will be ready for submission to the Board
of Health at its meeting in December.
City Attorney Simpson Is at present at
work upon the document under" orders
fiom the Board of Health.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Nov. 7.
The man who "cuts" military at the
University of California will have to take
his medicine, just as much as though he*
cut mathematics or physics or any other
study. The rule has just been exempli
fied in a striking way by the suspension
of eight students, who tried by various
means to wiggle out of military duty, but
were finally caught in the act. True
enough, most of the recreant eight got
back after promising Colonel Henry de H. ,
¦\Vaite, commandant of the cadet corps, !
to be good in the future.
Of the suspended the most important is j
E. R. Abadie Jr., the crack short-distance j
sprinter. This is Abadie's last year in i
college, but. he Is -still doing the military |
duty, from which seniors are always i
exempt. He 13 still doing the "grind" b€- 1
cause he was excused Innumerable times j
so that he could practice on the cinder !
path. But 1 he dees not take to it kindly i
and now he has had to make his obels- j
ance to Colonel Waite, who removed ths
shackles after twenty-four hours.
The . recorder's ofllce is reticent about
the names of the other seven suspended ;
and they have managed so far to keep j
their Identity concealed. :
Alamedans Favor Exil
ing Early Crowers
From City.
Judge Melvin Believes
Law at Times Is In
efficient.
Eight Students Evade
Drill and Get Sus
pended.
WOULD BANISH
ALL ROOSTERS
THINKS A GOOD
PUNCHING BEST
t|-^>. ERKELET, Xov. 7.— Now it la
_^l the co-eds of the University of
)\ California who are to have a
'^*^ Skull and KeyB society and be
just ae exclusive as that most
exclusive of college men's fraternities,
only the co-eds' society will not usurp the
name of Skull and Keys, but some other
good one with a harsfiNleathlike sound
that wlH send creeps up tho backs of all
candidates. It may be the Coffin and
Bones Society or come other graveyard
title. Anything to beat the men In grew-
Bomehees.
The new society will be formed next
Monday night in Hearst Hall. It' will be
an Inter-fraternity organization that will
limit ita members exclusively to those
only who belong to a fraternity. It is •
proposed to give some entertainment each
term, not a "running," but something just
as cood and perhaps better.
The leaders in the new movement are
all prominent in college affairs, among
them being Miss Telullah Le Conte, Miss
Martha Rice, Miss Virginia Whltehead,
Miss Elizabeth Arnell, Miss Carol Day,
Miss Gertrude Davidson and Miss Faith
Shoop.
JT Zentner c-wner) with A. Olson
Biohitect PhillrP FchwenJt — All work except
i '¦::> hi:ic. painting, cas fitting. tr.»ntcls and
for a three-story frame building with
ntt<- and ba*«n»rit "n lot on X line of Mc
/.ili^tFr street. J47 W of Etelner. W 27:6 by
S 137 :«: f9775. ;
Builders' Contracts.
S. I>u-ea« Comoany to Joseph Vidmar. lot
Ml NE line <if Ean Bruno avenve. t22:S N~v
of Hallnan avenue. NW 30:C»i. E 145, S 25. W
!" ri block fl . Garden Tract Homestead ; $10.
It. O. Hzldwln to R. J. R. Aden and Samuel
Hlret. lot on E line of Fourth street, 1C5 S of
Rryant. S .',:» by E fO, also described as lot on
E corner of Fourth and Welsh streets, SE 05
by NE W>; $10.
Bartholomew Golden to Annie Golden. lot
r«n NW line of Shipley Street; 150 NE of Sixth
NE 25 by NW 75; rift.
Minnie C. Reynolds to Stewart B. Reynolds,
undivided 1-3 of lot on NW corner of Seventh
avenue sr.d Lake etreet. N 25 by W 114; gin.
Ellen A. and George S. Fife to William II.
Groat, lot on E line of Sixth avenue. 100 B
cr Lake street. S 25 by E 120; $10.
H«"ber W. Wltliam to Sarah J. Witham. lot
on E !lne of Clement street. 64 W of Eighth
avrnue W 20:6 by S 100; $1200.
Oitrics J. and Afidie S. Ellis to Elizabeth
M. Leach, lot on E line of Seventh avenue,
17*. N «^f B street, N W by K 120; $1u.
II. C. ar.d Laura A. Pinney t» Alice M.
Harrison lot on W line of First avenue. 133:4
N of C street. N S3:4 by W 120; $10.
Solomon and Dora Gctz to Thomas F. Gib-
Un. lot on H Hne of I street. S2:C E of Forty
elcbth Bvcaue. E 28 by N 100; $10.
Ida and <:. M. Ilansen to Wayne D., L. and
V.&v Miller, lot on N line of I street. 57:6 W
cf "TVr.th avenue. W 25 by N 100; HO.
William C «nd Sarah J. Hamerton to Emerlc
•n<1 Alice Fouroier. lot on SE line of San
Jn*e avenue. lC4:2?ji NE of T'wentr-ninth
»tr^t. SW 25:5%. EE 71:0%. NE.24:10H. NW
TBtlO'i. lots 29 and 30. Tiffany and Dean
tract*; $10.
P. and Mar>' P- Kothermel to Paul Verdier.
let «~n E line cf Uamsell street, 125 S of Gar
flrifl. S 25 by E H«n. lot 23. block 35. City
Land Assooiat'.cn: $10.
Eiixabeth Rotbcrmel to same, lot on N line
of Shields street. 75 W of Mnntlcello, W 50
»»v N KiO. lots 4 and 5, block fi. City Lind
A«sH-iatlnn: aim lot on E line-of Byxbee (Ford)
•trert 175 N of Shields. N 25 by E 100, lot
1* tl^ck 13. Oty I^and Association: $10.
Collins C. and Mathilda Smith to Eberhard
Forwlck. lot on N tine of Valley street. 205 AV
cf fianchoz. W 25 by. If 11*; $10.
Charles A. and Louise Carillon to Daniel
BotTT. let on X line of Twentieth *tre»t, 75
W of Eureka, W 25 by K 75; $10.
Faola and Hora Arata to Eugenia Pera^so
and Arieie I>raartlnl (wife of Giuseppe), lot
<,n S line of Pacific «tr*et, 117:6 E of Dupont.
E 20 by K 57:6, aod party wall rights under 43
oov 255 44 rov 254; $10.
BridiK-t M. Fay to John Fay, estate of John
Fey, also lot on E line of Powell street, 67:6
S of Chestnut. S 45 by E 100, lees portion con
veyd; gift.
Mary A.. Sarah, Rose, Catherine C. or
Kme C. L/toIk* It. and Peter J. Fay to Jcs
ephine H. Phelps, lot on NE line of Vallejo
and I^eavenworth streets, E 25 by N 103:0; $10.
Ertate of John Harry (by Michael J. Barry,
arlmintatrator) to R. O. Baldwin, lot on E line
of Fourth street. 1C5 S of Eryant. S 55 by E
M. also deacrtbed as lot on E corner of Fourth
and WelFh Btreet*. 8E 55 by NE 80; $18,250.
Richard end Emma L. alias Laura E. Pahl
to G. IS. Mondani and Carlo Muzlo, lot on E
line of Fair Oaks street, 122 S of Twenty
eecond. R ."50:0 by E 117:6; $10.
Henry and Charlotte DIck«rson to Andrew
Carl, lot on E Utw of York street, 252 S of
Tnenti.ih. B 25 by E 100; * .
Iiair<l estate to Veronica, C" Baird, block
iKmndM by Pag<». Haight. Masonic and Ash
lrtir>- strtets. <-;ultrlaim <Wd; $10.
Veronica. C Baird to Jacob Goldbprc, lot on
JCW cemer of Batxht street and Maajnlc ave
««••. XI :-. by >f 1C«»: $lo.
jfani» to I/3uir» M. Potter, let on S line of
Par? eXrffl. 105 E of Asbbury. E 25 by S
137:6; ?10.
fiatne to Annie M. Cortello, lot oa N line of
1 ;--.:«:.: strp't, 106:3 W of Masonic. W 23 by
N H»0: also lot on N line of Haight *tren,
]T.fi:3 W of KaRonlr. \V 25 by N 187 :<J; $10.
Samv to Abraham C. Kar?kl. lot on W line
at Mafonic avenue, 75 S of Page street, S 25
by \\ 'JO. $10.
S4im> tr» Solomon Pclser. lot or; N* line of
l|aW£t stueet. l."?l:3 W of Masonic avenue.
\v :t. Ijv K 137:4; $io.
Same to J"3.nett* l'errj". lot on N line rf
;¦.,.*.¦' • «wt, 12j E of Afhburj". E C3 by N
137 :«: ?j«i.
Sam* to Abraham L. and Annie Peyser, lot
on S\V corner of Page etreet and Masonic ave
'.:w. TV 110:3 S 100, E 2C:3, X 58, E »0. N
'.:•: *l».
Bum U» Eleanor G. Stuniiieh. lot o?i N line
uf HaigM street, 100 E of Ashb'jrv, E 25 by
H l(*>: $1<«.
>«m, to Thomae "Vodden, lot on E line of
At-iiburv »treot. 75 N of Height. N f>0, E 125,
I 2-".. W JS. X 2T». XV 100; $10.
\>r"nn-a C itaird to Kate Murray, lot on
B line of 1'age street. 1&0 E of Athbury E
-."> \>y S 137:0; $10.
t.j Jchn F. Ward, lot on E line of Afh
lury flitrt, 7j t of Pace, S 25 by 13 00; $10.
Same to I>sivld Lewis, lot on SE corner of
J'aze «nd Akbburv etreets. S 23. E W, S 73,
E 1\\ M 100. \V 115; *10.
CLaritv .and Jessi« Walton to Sholora Silver
fton*. lot on K line of Aehbury ttrttt, -5 X
01 Matifht. N 50 Ly E 100; »1«.
Fj-*r.k A. and Mae G. Lash to Fleury Gom
m»t. lr-, t n n r! Hd* or Ed<Jy *tr««t. 87:6 E of
Franklin. E 27:0 by S 120; J10.
City and County of Pan F*rancisco to Albert
Meyer, lot on V. line of Devlsndero street,
1^7:6 £ of G<-ary. S 25 by E 100; $ .
John K. and Leslie de Kuyter to Walter B.
Cooe. Jnt cm .SE corner of Baker street and
Hroadway. S 137:6 by E 50; $10.
Wrunica <c. IJaird to Charles Patten, lot on
NE <o:n»rr of llaicht and Ash bury t-treetg, E
VZ\ N 130, V.' It', H 1:3. \V 110. ij 1:75; ?10.
SATURDAY. NOVEMBER 7
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Mist Ida May F.fU of the First Baptist
Church conducted the opening devotional
at the conclusion of which the
delegates were welcomed by Mrs. Ma
thilda Brown in behalf of the organiza
tion. An addro^s in response was deliv
ered by Mrs. Clark of San Francisco,
formerly Suite president of the order.
Rev. Hugh FYarer. on behalf of Oak
land, wHromM the delegates to this city,
after which Mis? Carrie Davis, the retir
ing State treasurer, road the reports for
"he last pear, showing receipts of $257 C5
and an <j.penditure of $222 55, leaving a.
balance on hani of $4j 10.
The secretary's report showed that there
are now thirty-five circles of the King's,
daughters In this State, with a member
ship of 721. The banner circle for the
year just "past is that of the Fim Pres
byterian Church of this city, which has
more than a hundred members and which
laet year contributed over $S0 to tho va
rious brar.che? of the work of the order.
The devotional services this afternoon
•were conducted by Mrs. Robinson, after
which the report of the committee on cre
dentials was read. After the report of
the committee had been approved the re
porte of tb«» work of the circles in this
State were read and approved.
The programme of the session this even-
Ing included a praise service, led by
Oement Rowlands; prayer, by Rev. M.
Slaughter of th* Calvary Baptist Church;
tcrgs by the Chinese circl«- of San Kran
oisco. an address by Rev. K. E. Baker of
the Fim Presbyt<vian Church and a
vocal solo by Mrs. Carrie Brown Dexter.
Thp benedirtinn was pronounced by R*v.
William Kelly of the Fin«t English Luth
eran Church.
The convention will continue to-morrow.
The following officers of the Klng'8
Daughters were elected to serve for the
ensuing year at the third annual conven
tion or the order, held at the First Pres
to tartan Church to-day: Stato pecretaxy.
Mrs. Mathilda Brown; recording secre
tary, Mrs. William Kelly; corresponding
fecretary. Mni Laura Albrecht; Stats
trcaKurt-r, Miss Jennie Coop.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway. Nov. 7.
MILITARY "CUTS"
CARRY PENALTY
President. Ripley and some of the Santa
Fe officials made an Inspection of the
Santa Fe extension that is now being
made from Point Richmond to Oakland.
As roost of the work has been done upon
' this end of the line the overhead cross
ing of the Southern Pacific Company's
tracks at Stege not having been com
pleted, the party came first to Emery
ville and went over the line as far as it
has been completed, just beyond Berke
ley.
Work uDon this extension has been de
layed' and there Is even some doubt
whether Santa Fe cars can be brought
into Oakland by January 1. The E. B.
& A. L. Stone Company, which has the
contrapt for the work, will work night
shifts from now on. An electric lighting
plant is being put in with 150 arc lights,
1 and not an hour of the day or night will
now be lost. The dynamo has been in
stalled at tho general grading camp near
the old Red House on~4*w Contra Costa
County line. The principal delay has
been in the overhead cross of the South
ern Pacific Company's tracks at Stege.
The foundation of - the Berkeley depot
at University avenue is In and the build-
Ing will be completed before the Santa
Fe Is ready to cfperate Into Oakland and
through Berkeley. Nothing has been
done yet toward the construction of the
Oakland depot at Fortieth street and San
Tablo avenue.
At present the system is being operated
solely upon single trip tickets, many
taking the ride for the novelty. The
commutation tickets* will be placed on
sale on December I, when there probably
will be another time schedule put into
effect.
The through train service will only be
from Berkeley at present, and the Oak
land service will be by single car that
will transfer at Fortieth street and San
Pablo avenue to the Berkeley main line
train. The Berkeley train will leave
Kast Berkeley station at 5:36 a. m., again
at 6:40 o'clock and then every half hour
until 5:40 p. m., after which there will be
trips at 6:40 and 7:25 p. m., then every
hour until ,11:25 p. m., at which time the
last boat will leave.
The Oakland car will leave Broadway
and Fourteenth street at 6:40 a. m., 7:10
a. m. and then every half hour until 5:40
p. m. There will then be trips at 6:40 p.
m. and 7:25 p. m., after which" there will
be hourly trips at 25 minutes after the
even hour untiHl:25 p. m., at which time
the last car leaves.
The boats leave San Francisco at 6:15
and 7:15 a. m. and then every half hour
until 6:45 p. m. After the 6:45 p. m. boat
there will be trips for Oakland and
Berkeley at 7:30 and then every hour un
til 12:30. at which time the last boat leaves
San Francisco. . ,
Half-hourly service upon the new ferry
system 'was Inaugurated to-day without
any hitch "or trouble, and for the first
time both of the boats of the new system
were in oDeratlon.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Nov. 7.
President Ripley Inspects
Oakland Terminus of
Santa Fe System
of the State. *
First Presbyterian Church
Socie:^ Banner Circle
Kings' Daughters Meet
in Third Annual Con
vention.
Half-Hourly Service Is
PjUt Into Effect for
First Time. .
Will Organize Society With Graveyard Title That Will
Make Candidates' Teeth Chatter and Each Mem
ber Must Belong to Some College Fraternity
NEW SCHEDULE
ON KEY ROUTE
CO-EDS, IN GREWSOME SPIRIT, DESIRE
TO EMULATE THE SKULLS AND KEYS
ELECT OFFICERS
FOR NEW YEAR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 8. 19GJ^/
34
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BHBBBaHBaaEaanBBBHBflBHflBSflHBSBBBBSSBBaBBaa
¦a;,, 1 ; .. ; ::;-:" > y:-,,;:. . -
H . ' . . .
fi pv.^k^'fc^r*' j " T .3ijCiiB3B5B3EBB5SE3BBBHB^^BflBE5H5B^5Bfc^^SZnriTTryTl
h ;¦ : :^:V?---
| Our practice has grown until we have been forced to
B employ an additional physician. This is because we have cured
H every case taken. We can cure you, as we have done for him-
¦ drecls. Call and get names and addresses of cures. Consulta-
gj tion is free. No pay till cured.
| FIDELITY RUPTURE CURE
I 1344 Market Street, San Francisco.
Greater San Francisco's
Greatest Paper
The First of BBYSON f S SERIES OF GOLD,
It Will Be Issued FREE With The
=N0VEMBER 15=
"AT THE OPERA."
The first subject selected could scarcely be recognized
by the half-tone above, on account of the impossibility of
showinsr the exquisite coloring of the original by this
process.
Copies of the original which are to be given away are
displayed in prominent places throughout the city. Don't !
fail to inspect one.
"At the* Opera" has a decidedly pleasing flavor in its
composition. It depicts a beautiful, buddinar younjj
woman, rich in all the attractiveness of her youne life,
and typically an American Girl. t
The ideal Grecian profile, the rich coloring of her au-
burn hair, the carelessly draped opera gown, exposing:
her delicately chiseled neck and bust, all combine to srive
the study a distinct character. The background could not
be more aptly described than by the saying — it's Bry-
son's — as in his execution and handling of colors he
seems to. impart to his creations a bit of life and dash
seldom attained by contemporary artists.
REMEMBER — The publisher has no possible way of
knowine just how many of this set to order; the best he |
can do h to guess; and as it will take weeks for addi-
tional orders to be refilled, it seems proper to suggest
that every one wanting this beautiful "Series in Gold"
ouc:ht to order from his carrier, newsdealer or 'phone
this office in ample time. The demand will be tremen-
dous.
ORDER TO-DAY. DO IT NOW.
Next Sunday's Call.EASTERN MARKETS.
Nciv York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Nov. 7.— FLOUR— Receipts,
3.1, COO bnrrels; exports, 40,200 barrels. Quiet,
but steadily held. Winter patents, $4Q4 35;
winter straight*. $3 i&@4 10; Minnesota pat
r-T>t9. $4Q>4 75; winter extras. $3«j3 40; Minne
sota bakers'. 3 7.'5tfl 10; winter low trrades
$2 W>ffl3 20.
WHEAT— Receipts. 1C5.C00 bushels; exports
58.474 bushels. Spot, firm; No. 2 red, 86V4s
elevator; No. 2 red. 87e f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
Noithern Duluth, SS'Jic f. o. b. afloat. Options
opened easier on poor cables and prospects for
bearish weekly statistics, closing iitu;< ; net
higher. May closed 8254c July SOc and De
cember £0',4c. *
HOPS— Firm. Pacific Coast, 1903 crop, 21©
2Sc; I»02, 21©C5c.
HIDES— Steady. Galreston. 18c; California,
19c: Texan dry. Ke.
WOOL — Firm. Fleece. "Sff32c.
COFFEE— Spot BJo. etearly; No. 7 Invoice.
«i;c; mild, firm: Cordova, 7fi(j?J2 I /4c. The oof
foe futures market closed steady. & to 15 points
lower. Sales. 61.250 bags. November. C.43c;
December, S.55&5.60c; March, fi.ft3Q5.00c; July,
e.l5Qi>.20e; September. C.25<S«.30e.
SUGAR— Kaw, atcady; fair refining, 3 5-lCc;
centrtfupaJ. 90 test, 3 7-lCc; molasses sugar,
3 1-I6e: refined, steady; No. «, 4.30c; No. 7.
4.25c: No. S. 4.20c; No. 0, 4.15o; No. 10. 4.10c;
No. 11. 4.C5c; No. 12, 4c; No. 13, 3.f>5c; No. 14,
3.80c; confectioners" A, 4.95c; cut loaf. C.SOc;
crushed. 5.30c; powdered, 4. SOc; granulated,
4.70c; cubee, 4.05c.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPOIIATKD .APPLES— The market con
tinues firm, with attractive fruit In light sup
ply, so that a moderate demand maintains
prices. Common are quoted at 403 l&c, prime
at 5'ifffc. choice at 6ti^<5%c and fancy at 7c
PRUNES — Are quiet, there being only a light
jobbing demand and the tone of the market Is
rather easy. Quotations range from 2'>c to 7c
for all grRiJes.
. APRICOTS— Are quiet. Choice, OUQO'^c;
extra choic?, lOVic; fancy. ll*J12>£c.
WHEAT — The markets everywhere remained
about the same. -The American nltuation Is
thus given In Bolton. De Kuyter & Co.'s
Chicago letter:
"The market wan extremely dull, very lit
tle doing In the. caoh market and speculative
operations on a small scale and of a scalping
nature. Broomhall eetlmates the- world's
shipments at about 10.000,000 bushels, with
come decrease on passaK*. Primary receipts
are again a little less than last year. The
visible supply on Monday will likely ehow a
fair increase. The whole situation Is one of
dullness, eo far as 'speculative features or
opportunities are concerned. A rather small
domestic demand makes a good many bulls..
On the whole, however, with 1,500,000 bushels*
of wheat coming out of farmers' hands every
day the domestic situation does not wholly
control. We must export wheat and we are
therefore dependent -upon foreign markets.
With Europe receiving a little less than
the estimated weekly consumption each week
and with the unusually favorable prospects'
Jn Australia and Argentine, It hardly seemii
probftWa that European markets will either
lead or follow an advanco at this time Unless
they do, it will be hard to maintain an ad
vancing market here. The situation may
easily work quite, bullleh later, but for the
imm<-iliat<> future w« don't believe it will hurt
to sell wheat on the hard spots."
In this market futures were lower, owlns
to the early morning, rain and tho weakness
at Chicago, but cash grain showed no change
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 40®l 45: California Whit*
Australian, $1 5OQ1 56: Northern Club. $1 40
©1 42%; Northern Blue Stem. $1 0031 35; Ore
gon Valley, $1 40@l 45 per ctl.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Cloee.
December $1 3fi $1 3914 $1 39 $1 3911
May 1 37& 1 37^ 1 37?i 1 37}i
BARLEY — The rain weakened the market,
and both cash FeeM and futures were v frac
tionally lower.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 13«if?l lC'i; Shipping and Brewing,
Wheat and Other Grains.
APPLES— 80ce$l 25 per box for fancy, 50©
85c for good to choice and 25®40c for common.
, PEARS— *1@1 50 per box for fancy Winter
Nellis and 60©75c for other varieties.
QUINCES— 40@COc Der box.
FIGS— 00c@$l per box.
POMEGRANATES— 75@80o for rinall boxes
and $1 75©2 50 for large. ;
PERSIMMONS — 60c@$l per box.
PLUMS — Coe's lata red. 40@60o per box.
GRAPES— 30@5Oc for small boxes, 60<&75c
for crstea and $1^1 75 for targe open boxes.
NUTMEG MELONS— 5C«$ST>c per box. .
" CITRUS FRUITS — Valencia Oranges. $2®
3 00 per box; Lemons, ?1<&2 SO per box; Grape
Despite the inclement weather trading In
the fruit market was active under the usual
Saturday demand among local dealers and a
cteady inquiry for shipment on tha Puget
Sound steamer. Table Grapes In crates were
Hie leading feature of the shipping trade and
choice lots of Tokay and Cornichon found
ready sale at the maximum quotation. The
top 'price obtained for the Verdel and Black
varieties T/as 63c. The loccl demand ran
largely on the large open boxes., which were
In free supply, and the^top quotation was an
extreme figure for the best orferings of the
Muscat variety, $1 00 being about the top for
the other kind?. There was a fair shipping
inquiry for Pomegranates. Persimmons and
Quinces, but as supplies were ample prices
were no higher. Trade In Apples vras fairly
active and some strictly fancy offerings of
the SplUenberg variety were firmly held a f
$1 B0K1 75 oer box. but few sales were re
ported at that figure. Fancy Winter Nellls
Pears were in small supply and steady, while
common offerings were abundant and dull.
Figs arrived freely from Sonoma County, but
were mostly of poor quality and sold slowly
at unsteady prices.
; Receipts of Raspberries and Strawberries
were moderate, and attractive lots cleaned up
readily at full figures. The market was again
bare of Huckleberries. Cranberries were In
gpod request and firm.
Citrus 'Fruits were In ample pupply arid
dull particularly low grades of Lemons. Ripe
Bananas continued scarce and high.
STRAWUERKIKS — Longworths, - $U013 per
chest; large Berries, $2®4 for MalJndas and
S4flti for the other varieties. .
RASPBERRIES— $4@6 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— Nominal.
CRANBERRIES— Cap« Cod. $11®11 23; Jer
neys, $10 73 per bbl; Coos Bay, $2 6003 per
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
NEW YORK, Nov. 7.— Tha statement of
averages cf the C.earir.K-house banks of this
city for five days of this we«k shows: lsoant,
S'jOO.t'39.500; decrease, $11,413,000. Deposits,
S8tJS.O44.700; decrease, $17,571,800. Circulation.
$45.«77,200; decrease. $10,700. Legal tenders,
567.009.500: decrease. *4.025,000. Specie. S159 -
4.'{5.!KK>; decrease. $5.247.!>00. Reserve. '$222,
403.400: decrease. $^,272,900. Reserve required.
S217.O11.175; decrease. $4,392,975. Ex United
States deposits. $14,6X0,775; decrease, $4,873,
575. Surplus, {5,033,225; decrease, $4,708,548.
'Associated Banks' Statement.
Stiver advanced %c; The local Mint has
been notified by tha Government that it has
discontinued purchases of Silver.
Sterling Exchange. 60' flays — f\ Sl\i
Sterling Exchange, Right. ........ — 4 85
Sterling Exchange, babies — 4 6«
New York Kxchenge, slzht — 02^
New York Exchange, telegriiphle. — 05
Silver, oer ounce — 58%
Mexican Dollars 44«4 @ 45
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
CHEESE— 12©12^c for the general market
13@13Hc for select mild new and ll®lUic for
lower grades: Young Americas, 13U©14 C - East
cm. 15Vi@16^c; Western, 14@15c per lb
EGGS— Ranch. 40fi43c f or choico and S5a
37l4o for email and mixed colors; store nonv.
inal: cold storage 27%®30c; Eastern. 28@30o
for fresh and 25@30c for cold storage. ?^ ovo
Butter ruled firm at the advanced quota
tions, with continued meager supplies of fancy
creameries. The second and lower grades,
however, still dragged more or lesn though
stocks of all descriptions were less ' than of
late.
Most dealers quote a very weak and elug
glsh market fcr Cheese, and somo are selling
at concessions to work off their surplus stocks
There Is no change In Eggs. They continue
in fair Hupply and rather slow demand
KSSMsyitfsys 1 Butter - 5sd «"«
BUTTER— Creamery, ao,§ 31 C for extras and
2G®28c for seconds; dairy, 21@25c; .tore But-
t S r i«, ll%4l ' 10 , c J cold * tora se. 2l®20c; Kastern
Butter ¦, Cheese and Eggs.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Btockj — Sales. HIsh. Low. CJo^e.
Atcblson 10.000 t£>* «4."i es\s.
Atchison pfd 800 W) 89 »t S«)
B«Jt & Ohio 4,200 -•; 7.-.V, 75«4
Ba.lt tt Ohio pfd 1^0 >>'% *7»» 871-
Canadian Pacific .. S'JO HS^ IIS 113%
Central of N J 188
Ch« & Ohio fiOO 30H 3<> 30' 4
l-hlcaro & Alton... f«O 28% »%
Chi & Alton pfd... 1<*> 64'* 64V* 64 Ms
Chicago & Gt W.. 600 15 14*, 11 •%
Chi & O W B pfd 20rs
Chicago & N W... 400 ies ICJ'4 IBS
Chi Term & Trans. 200 8 8 f
CM T & T pfd.... l.W» 18'~£ lii'i WI4
CCCtStL 70
Colo & Southern 12
Col & t>outh let pfd f» r *
Col & South 2d pfd 2O'i
Del & Hudson 152U
Del, Lack* & W 23«
X>er.vcr & Rio G U>!i
Den & Illo G pM.. 100 €7", 67?, C7
Erie 15.200 27», 2C^ 27*4
Erie let pfd 1.600 C7>» <KU; e6T,
Kri* 2<1 r'd l.*00 «U *SH 4'J
«;reat Northern pfd 160
Hocking Valley 71U
Hocking Vfcl pfd M
Illinois Central ... 0<>0 130% I30'i ISOty
Iowa Central ICO 20»i 20U 1»4
Iowa Central pfd 32
Kans City Southern 100 1S*» 1*% 17',4
K «' Southern f)fd SO
Louisv & Nasfar.. 100 lOOVi 9»"* 1«K)%
Manhattan L 900 130^, ISO 130%
Metropiitan St Ry. 000 109'j 1C9 10»Mi
Vlnnfarwlls & St L 44
Mifcjiouri Pacific .. 6,000 H'.t% m fft%
M. K & T 100 17 17 levj
M K «.- T pfd 34^
Nat RR Mex pfd. 100 3S VM <!7
N X Central 1. 100 117Tm 117 117«i
Norfolk & West.. 100 5C*, " 56;» fi6>^
Norf ttc W pfd P5
"n:ario &¦ West.. 100 20 CO 20
Pennsylvania 2J,. r >00 117v» 116" B 11 7=i
P, C O & Et L. ~ Ki
Heading 8,300 44«j, 44 44',,
Heading l*t pfd 7tt
PvcadJng 2d pf'l «1
Rock Island Co... 3.000 24 »i 23% V4%
JV«k Island Co rfd CX
ft L a 8 P.: 54
t~t L &. S F 1st pfd CO
HI.tSPMpM 44 «4
M Paul C200 128% 137 -, 13S& B
Ft Paul pfd 100 173 173 172
fr-cuthern Pacific .. 2.700 42 • 4\% 4?
HfflltiMlU Ry tut!} IS 17*4 17*;
Koutfci-rn Hy pfd.. :;00 73!4 73 73
Texs* &- Picific... 1.100 23 22VJ 'J2K
ToJ, Ft L & V.' ir>ti
Toi Pt L & W pfd »
Vr.lon Pacific 8.SC0 72^ 71«4 72V4
I'ni'm l'aciflc pfd fiT>
Wiil.*i!i! 4On 13 1«1^ ISTi
1Val»a»!i rfd 600 32% S2^ P.2\
V.lieel & Lake Erie 14 '
WiKconsln Central. 100 13>.i 15% 15'i
V.ls O-nt {>fd i'jij
ICxprcfj Companies —
Adams 22T
American j«5
TTnited Ktctes JOO
Wells-Fa;^o 200
Amalg Copper 18.H00 20»i S3U :X%
An c.ar & Kdry... 700 3^1, 10 1<>
Am C & F rfd .7 v,y.
.\m Linseed Oil 200 0 0 0
Am Lin Oil pfd 25
Am Locomotive ]0Q 12% 124 J2U
Am Ixxwrr.ot pfd.. 4f>0 75 ' 71 ' 75
Am Emelt & Kef.. :y» t\2tL <« <2»i
Am t? St It pfi Sf«» X7 SC»4 SC
Am Eucar Ref J.COO Jiss^ us' jir.i:
Anaccada liln Co ' c-
Brooklyn Rap Trn. 3,700 35% ZS'-i s5%
<:olo Fuel & Iron.. 700 "Si, '-.£ 2SU
Col um & H Coal .* '/ "j»ij
CossoHSatcd Ga».. soo 177 I7U 177
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. S.Soc;
Powdered, 5.70c; Candy Granulated, 5.70c; Dry
Granulated, fine, 5.G0c; Dry Granulated, coars*
n.OOc; Fruit Granuluted. O.KOc; Beet Granu
lated (100-lb bags only). 5.40c: Confectioners'
A, ri.COc: Magnolia A. 5.20c; Extra C. 6.10c;
Golden C. 5c; "D." 4.90c; barrels, 10c more;
half barrels. 25c more: boxes, 50c more; 50-lb
bags, 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels, 6.10c; boxes, 6.35c; II. & E. Crystal
Dominos. 8.50c per lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy-five barrels or Its equivalent
. COFFEE— C. E. Bickford's circular gives
the receipts at this port thus far thla year
at 23S.S52 bags, against 191, S72 during the
same time in 1902. Tho sales from first hands
were. 220,167 bags, against 1S2.483. The stock
in first hand3 November 1 was 31,722 bags,
against 24,716 last year. The circular says:
"The demand since last Issue has been very
active ¦ and a large business has been done
both locally and for overland shipment at
somewhat higher figures,' in, sympathy with
the advance in the 'New York and European
.markets. Soot quotations in New York have
advanced %c on No. 7 Rio and %c on No. 4
Santos during the pa?t month and futures
from. 00 to- SO points and remain steady under
unusually : heavy buying — sales on the ex
change averaging more than 100,000 bags per
rlay for the past ten days. While the advance
Is attributed to the heavy buying- of speculative
interests the prevailing opinion is that prices
will tend higher. Tho local statistical position
is good, there remaining 33,172 bags in first
hands, not an- overabundant supply In second
hands and a continued active demand for over
land .shipment. A shortage of the more de
sirable shlpptnz grades exists and business
with overland markets Is naturally curtailed
by the remaining holdings. The market in
*are of orlme to % fancy washed coffees and
these grades will command attention imme
diately following their receipt. To-day's first
hand «tock consists of 4240 bags Costa Rica,
1472 NIcararua. 3530 Salvador. 17.400 Guate
mala, C70 Mexican and 5S0O various; in all
.TJ.172 baja." Costa Rica— 12%«n.V tor strict
ly crime to fancy washed: lUi«H2>4c for
prime washed; lO'A^UVJc for yfood washed:
10<5?t2c for good to prime washer! peaberrv;
SVj@10c for gocd to prime peaberry: 9«10»Ac
for good to prime: 7 I ,i«?8 I / aC for fair; 4UiQ7c
for -common to ordinary. Salvador — 11®12
nomlnal for strictly prime washed; 0011c for
good to prime washed; SffDc for fair washed:
DWeiO^o for. fair to prime washed peab»rry:
fUieSftc for good to prime seml-w»shed: Hi,®
S%c for superior unwarned: 7}4©7*Jc for good
gr*en unwashed: 7%QSi*' < for good to superior
unwashed peaberry: 4KfiS«c for: inferior to
ordinary. Nicaragua — lH4#«13c nominal for
prime to fancy washed; S@10c nominal for fair
to itrlctly; good washed: 7<3>7*4c 1 Tor rood to
nuperlnr unwashed; 7*}!'SSc for koo<1 to prime
unwashed peaberry. Guatemala and Mexican
— t3U©15c nominal for fancy . washed: 11U«»
13o for srlme tr» 6trlctly prime wp.«ne/l: ]n@
10?{c for strictly rood, washed; flttifO^c for
rood washed: 7^ ©SVc *or fair washed: 6}J0
7<4erfor medium: 4Ufijr>c for Inferior to or
dinary: SU^JiAitc for fair to prime washed
peaberry: "•"V.WSUc for «ro«vi to crime unwashed
nopberr''! 7*£fffl\L* n«rnlna1 for good to «u
ccrlor unwashed; S'aQT&c for ash-damazed. •
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead, 6^0
7c per lb; White Lead, O' / i<9'7c, according to
Quantity.
BAGS— Grain Bags, B@5^c; San Quentin.
5.65c; Wool Bags. 32®33c; Fleece Twine. 7H
©8c; Cotton Fruit Bags, 6%c, 6%c and 7&c for
the three grades; Brown Jute. GVj87^c.
COAL— Wellington. 58 per ton; New Wel
lington. $S- Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. $8 50; Bea
ver Hill. $5 60; Stanford. $7; Roslyn, S7; Coos
Bay, $5 50: Greta, $7; Wallsend, $7: Rich
mond. $7 50: Cumberland, (13 in bulk and
$14 25 in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
Jll f.0; Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Coke. $11 3O«>
l:: per ton in bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 lbs and
$12 80 per lor.R ton. according to brand.
OIL — Llnteed, 4t»c fcr boiled and 47c for raw
in barrels; cases, 6c more: Castor Oil, in cases
No. 1, 70c: Bakers' AA, $1 10@l 12; Lucol, 41c
for boiled and 42c for raw In barrels; Lard
Oil, extra winter strained, barrels. 85c: case*.
iK)c; Cbina Nut. C5@70c per gallon; pure
Neatsfoot, in barrels, 75c; cases, 80c; Sperm,
pure, 7Dc; Whale Oil, natural white, 50®55c
per gallon: Fish Oil. In barrels, 45c; cases,
50c; Cocoanut Oil, in barrels, 5Sfc for Ceylon
and C5c for Australian.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil In bulk,
15V4c: Pearl Oil In cases. 22c; Astral. 22c; Star,
22c; Extra Star. 2tVi; Elaine, 28c; Eocene. 25c
deodorized Stove Gasoline. In bulk, 17c; In
c-aaes. 2.~V'ic; Benzine, in bulk. 13c; in case:,
19%c; 8«-dcgrce Gasoline, In bulk, 21c; in
cases, 27%c.
TURPENTINE— 80c per gallon In cases an3
74c in drums and iron barrels.
General Merchandise.
California Stock andOUBxchange
Stock— Bid. Asked.
Alma 1 40
Apollo 40 42
Associated Trust Cert 20 25
Artec 82&
California Standard 11
Caribou 1 OO 1 05
Central Point Con K3 68
Chicago Crude 19 20
Claremont 24 30
Esperanze 150 ....
Four 68
Fulton 4 12& ....
Giant 2O
Hanford .; 130 00 ....
Home 00 02%
Imperial IS 00
Independence 16 18
; Junction l'J 20
I Kern 500
i Kern Rlrer 12 50
i Lion 03 04
; Monarch (of Arizona) 4'J 52
Monte Crlsto 80 8214
Occidental of W Va IS 20'
Oil City Petroleum 27 28
Peerless 14 W> ....
I Pittsburg 25
Reed Crude 40 ....
! S F & McKittrlck. 2 "j
\ San Joaauin O & D 5 75 ....
Senator 6,1 75
Sovereign 38 40
Sterling 2 05
Superior 06
Thirty-Three 7 CO
Toltec 21 25
Twenty-Eight 4 25 ....
West Shore 2 90 ....
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land & Impt 130 ....
Alameda Sugar 28 00
American Biscuit 95 00
American District Tel .... ....
Cal Gas & Elec Corp ....
Cal Cotton Mills 88 00
Cal Jockey Club : 105 00
Cal Shipping Co 25 00
Cal Title Ins & Trust 130 00 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland.... 60 OO ....
Chutes Company 7 25 8 25
Cypress Lawn Impt Co 6 60 7 25
Fischer's Theater 2 00 2 50
Gas Consumers' Assn 22 50
Honolulu Sugar 14 50 ....
Northern Cal Power 9 00
North Shore Hailroad 6 00 ....
Orpheum Company 15 25 19 25
Pacific States Tel & Tel 115 OO
Parafflne Paint 33 00 ....
San Francisco Drydock ? 47 OO ....
Sanitary Reduction Works.. 2 50 ....
Sausalito Land & Ferry 16 00 ....
Sperry Flour Company 27 50 30 00
Standard Electric 18 OO
Teala Coal Co 30 00
Truckee Electric 13 23 ....
Union Sugar i 22 SO ....
United Gas & Electric 34 CO ....
SALES.
Morning Session.
100 Home (s SO) eo
300 Home .' 02i«
15OO Occidental (b 15) ; i 8
1000 Independence 17
5 Hanford (s 9<n 135 qq
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following- were the sales on th» San Fran-
Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday;
Morning Sevslon.
400 Alpha ...... 05 100 Potoal 'M'.A
100 Caledonia ..1 10 500 Sierra Ner. 35
COO Caledonia ..1 OO 200 Silver Hill 67
100 Caledonia . . »0 100 Union Con. 45
100 Caledonia .. P8 700 Yel Jacket 40
350 Hale & Nor. 5S 300 Yel Jacket S9
200 Justice 04 *"
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following * were the sales on the Pacific
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morninr Session.
200 Belcher 13 200 Mexican . . 92
500 Caledonia . .1 00 30«> Ophlr ... 1 &.»
40O Caledonia ..1 02 >^ 30O Potoal ... 14
100 Chollar 13 600 Sierra Nev. 35
200 C C & Va..l 10 200 Union Con.. 43
COO Mexican ... 83 SOO Tel Jacket.. 41
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on th« San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange jester-
Morn ins Session.
. 600 liannapah . 10 800 Ton *CaI.. 23
200 M'Namara . ; 13 2»K» Ton N Star. 31
1200 Mon Ton... V2 500 Ton N Star. 22
2000 Rescue .... 00
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, lsj^uc per lb for
your.g ar.d U'rflUc for old: Geese, per Air
Jl 7£@2; Goslings. $202 25; Ducks. $4©5 per
dozen for old and |5@6 for young; Hens, $4 30
(t5 50 for ttnall and $5 5U<30 CO for largo:
young Roosters, $5^5 60; old Roosters, $4 50
(<io; Fryers, fl 60fi5; Broilers, $3 i>wji tdr
large and $.i@3 00 for small- Pigeons, tlft
1 1!5 per dozen lor old and *24r.' 2.'. fur Suuabs
GAME — Mallard Ducks. $5@7 per dozen:
Canvasback. $4®7 50; Sprig. $4#?4 50- Teal
52(32 50; Widgeon, f2SV2 50; small Ducks
M 5C@2: Gray Geese, |3@:; 50; White. Geese.
$10-2: Brant. $1 EO for small and $2 50 for
larg^: Kngllsh Snipe. $:i; common Snloe *1 75-
Wlli Doves, $1 2o; nabblts. $1 75 for Cotton
tails ard $1 25 for Brush; Hare, $1 25@i 50.
As usual on Saturday, the receipts of- Poul
try wt-re very light and the. market closed
the v/eek firm, with supplies of all descrlp-.
tions well cleaned up. A carload of Western
Ktock Is duo to-morrow. There were a few
loll of dressed Turkeys, c-hielly Hens, re
cMvcd. and Bales were reported at 21@2.!c per
pound. Young Gobblers were In demand and
woulri have brought 25c readily bad there
been any available.
Game met with a brisk demand and al
though receipts were liberal, everything
cleaned up Well. Gray Geese. Brant, Hare.
Canvasback and Mallard Ducks were quoted
lUgher. Sprig and Teal Dufks were the most
plentiful- descriptions and ere quoted lower.
Poultry and Game.
t= K S C g - : • 5
3 ?5 35 <i I
I ii 11 i| |I I
STATIONS. J 2= 5 2 2.3 5 I
V % S. • I* ?¦
• ' ' 1 n ; • ;
*-'aker 3C ...
Carson 23. 7S K 46 f\V cloudy .02
•:-.:reka 30.39 5* 40 N Clear .92
"a»al!on 30. OK 54 f»S NW Oear .CM
r*H«im 70 4S W Clear .°2
Pi»c«5rr i».t.n« «-.s m en- pt cidy .<>•>
Indcfiendcace .2'.i.7« 72 4«? W I't Cldy .<!<>
!/•.« \nselea ..2:».'.tx «;4 .V$ \v Pt Cldy .00
Mi. T.'.rtialjjaisr.n.irj M 49 SW Clear .IS
North Hesu .'.30.O4 <"^» 44 SAV « - loudy .14
I'l-.-^i-.ix 2tl.s« M f.0 W Ctoatfy .ftO
i ¦¦•<?(¦ ii-. ::o.<Hi U9 4« SE cloudy .«m
Point ti<- -.»•?. .-£*. »i« iJ.) .".(» NW <"lear .02
nm Illirfl 3O.I< M «<J N «"lear .70
bwvbtiTC :wt.l4 Bl 4'» B cloudy l.lrt
Pa«rEtnrnta ...*><•. <H .*•« m NW «'lsar .21 j
>t>H !.«'{«¦ 2".».«. : 1 70 42 SB cloudy .oo j
Frail •ro.8A.4N «.m M W Clear .Ofl
~. i. cnSltpo;^*.os <u .".¦> w Re-n .10
h*a i>.p... ...sa.m •;<; .-»•; w ctoudy .<:¦•
>',:i]" ::n.O2 M *1 N Clear .30
:a>.«>0 (t 4t S l*t (Tdy Tr.
Tat. -¦>.-»! 2fl.r^t 4« 44 S «^ou<1y .C2
Walla a*alU.30.O2 4S r» R Pt Cldy Tr.
'i\';'-iKT!:ucra .2".i.s4 iA 2»» NW Rain Tr.
fwal 2-.>.7>< S4 r.2 SE I't Cldy .O'>
A marked disturbance overlies the lnt*r
mo'.intiin teglon and has cause I rain generally
over <'alifornla and Nevada. The storm will
protaMr jiass rapiilly southeasiward over
Atlsooa and Stw Wexico. *
Th*- tf rr.rx-rature ha* railen rapidly ever the
greater portion of the Pa'-in> slope.
The folinwine high winds are reported:
i'oir.t Roryes. 72 miie«: per hour, from the north- j
wrect; Mount TRmalrai?, ZiS. southwest; Soutli- ,
ea«t Farallcn. 54. northwest; North Head. 42.
M>uthw*-n; Carbon City. 3d, BOUthwWt; Salt
I^ake. 2h, Kouth. end Modena, 4'J. southvest.
ForecaFt made at Han Francisco for 30 hours
rn^ing midnight. Novemtvr S:
Northern Callfcrr.ia — Fair Sunday; fre?h
ncrth winds.
Southern California — Cloudy Sunday, j-.rob
ebly ehowers; cooler: frc-sh southwest winds,
changing to northerly. Much cooler Monday
naornir.g.
Nevada — Fair, cccler Sunday; high r.orth
¦west winds.
Ban Francisco and vicinity — Fair Sunday, be
etsmtng cloudy at right: fresh westerly wln.is.
A. G. Me A DIE, Forecast Official.
HOGS — Live 1 Hoes, 130 to 250 lbs. 6%c;
under 150 lbs. 6U<S5'*c; Sows. 20 per cent off;
Bears, .50 per cent off, and Stags, 40 per cent
off from above quotations.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 50
per cent ?hrinkace for Cattle.
CATTLE — Steers. S@Oc; Cows and Heifers.
7JZSc: thin Cows, -465c per pound.
CALVES — 4<84'4c P*t pound (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. "3%®3%c; Ewes. 3&3Uc
per pound (gross weight).
LAMBS — $2 7563 per head.
The packers ar» trying to buy Hogs at a
fraction under the quotations, but without
success thus far. There are not many coming
in now. but the demand is so limited that
the receipts are rather in excess of current
requirements.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 6© 7c for Steers and 5@6c per lb for
Cows.
VEAL — Large. 6<gSc: rmall. 8@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7y.©S>$c; Ewes. 7«Sc
per lb.
LAMB— 00 10c per lb. v;
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 'HffOc per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Meat Market.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA. Nov. * 7.— WHEAT— Unchanged;
b'.uestem. Sl'/jc; club, 77>ic.
PORTLAND, Nov. 7.— WHEAT— Wall*
Walla, 74c; bluesteni, 7Sc: valley, 78c.
PORTLAND, Nov. 7. — The clearances of
wh°at from this :>ort durlnc the past week
were 939,9eO bushels.
OREGON
Norther;! W heat Market.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Nov. 7.— WOOL— Quiet.
Medium erodes, combing and clothing. 17fe'
21V.c; Ught fine. 15ei7l-ic; heavy fine, 12^.
14',Je; tub wathed, 20®C0c.
St. Louis Wool Market.
KEW >ORK, Nov. 7. — Imports of dry goods
and merchandise at th*? port of New York this
week were valued at $10,.'W3,772.
Imports of specie at th:s port for the week
Tvcre $32,:;7r in silver and $.i22,072 in Bold.
Exports of specie from this port for the week
were $702,171 jn fcilver and $25,212 in gold.
Exports and Imports.
¦New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. 7. — Cottcn closed strong,
12 to 15 points higher.
NEW YORK, Nov. 7. — A r,uiet trade via*
repotted In the leading metals to-<1ay atij
price!, slioued litt'.e changre from last <iuota
lior.e. The Ir^n market continues In an unset
tled condition aii'i prices quoted tire entirely
nominal, with the tendency downward. Tin was
weak, with ?iKit at ?25 O(?.2.N 40. t?opper ruiij
dull and Komlnally unchanged. Lake. $13 75;
electrolytic. 41.1 t2\j: «a^tinK, }13 60. Lead
was steady; sj'Ct, ?i 00. Spelter, quiet, $(j.
HOGS- Krrelpts to-day, 11,000; Monday. .'!0,
00». 8tron»W. Mix'd »nd. butchers",. $4 (a®
6 25: goxl to choice heavy. $i 4CfiJ4 >>0; rough
heavy. *4 75f;5 25; li£ht, *i 73tl & 25; bulk o.'
sales, ?4 7OS5.
hhvrp — Ktceipls. lOOfl. Sheep, firm; lamb?,
fteady. Good to choice wethers. $3 4O&'3 85;
fair to choice mixed, ?j so<{3 oO; Western
«heep, $2-53 CO; native lambs, $3 C0@5 75;
Western lambs, (i f*tfl-Z 15.,
New York Metal Market.
CHICAGO. Nov. 7. — CATTLE — Receipts. 2C0.
Steady. Good to prime steers, (~><3Z 50; poor to
rnediubl $3 Cixgi 73; stockers and 'e*derr. $2(R
4 15: cows. Sl<fi3 50: hei'.er«, 52S4 75; can-nere.
fiiz2 Jb: bull^, *1 7rr-ili<»; calves. $2C<t7 25;
Tcias fen *tee ts . !Ka*i3 ."><J; Western Eteers,
*2 MM94 1">. '
CHICAGO
Eastern Livestock Market.
Lfi£t Tilts Last
Stations — 21 Hours. Season. Sea«oi.
Eureka 0.02 B.Rd 4.0C
Red Blui! 0.70 1.94 3.08
5aeraLmento 0.20 0.70 1.73
San Francltco 0.0« O.72 1.S3
Fresno 0.02 0.02 0.42
Independence 0.00 Tr. O.sa
San L*als Obitpo .. 0.02 0.04 2.P0
y^€ Ar.^eU* 0.00 0.4S O.69
San Pi^-ffO 0.09 0.05 0.93
c»sh quotations were as fellows: Flour,
: quiet and easy: winter patent*', $45 \ 2U;
strplRhts. $.1 T0S4 I": nprlng patent!'. Si 105;
4 40; straights. $:; 70«:*. !H>; No. -\ Tvh»at. 7U®
KO>ic: No. 2 re<1. 7BVi©SO'4c; SCO, 2 corn, 44'jC;
No. 2 yellow. 4r>'4c: No. 2 oats, ."(k-: New 2
white. :>S : Jic: No. :i ivh'.te. .".(!' .i®:Wi-: No. 2 ryf.
f.S^c; goo<l feeding barley; Wr. fair to ohclce
malting. 45fio(:r: Xo. 1 flaxs»eil. !>fk-; No. 1
Northwestern. 'Me; prime timothy sect!. S2 OP;
mess pork, per barret. Nil 37*5011 60; lard, r^r
ICO pounds. $l> 8TVi©fl 80; short ribs slilts
ilo<jse>. $7 25(5" 7.": "short clear s'.des (boxed),
$7 .'.OfffR; whisky; basi? of hiuh wines, $1 2h;
clover", contract grail--'.. $Uj 50^10 60.
Articles — Receipt*. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 23.S00 15.200
Wheat, buthels 124,800 4>;.2:hi
< -orn. bushels :;40,::>s0 l W^lOO
Oats, bushels 262,000 132.500
Uye. bushels 10.500
Barley, bushels .-134.4C0 1S.'->W
On the Produce Kx< hanje to-day the butter
rr.arkft was easy. < :reani(-ry, 15!ff21' a c: flairy.
l-}(SlS'jc. ICggs/firm at niRrk. caser included,
£0fi22cr Chees-e, easy. lOifllc.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about IVic under quctations. Heavy salted
Steers, 9c: medium. 8c; light. 7^c: Cow Hides,
7"/ 4 c for heavy and 7^c for light: Stags, 6c:
SalW Kip. Oc: Salted Veal. 10c: Salted Calf,
lOHSnie: dry Hldts, 15c; dry Klp,13c; dry Calf
ISc; Sheepskins, shearlings. 25@30c each; short
Wool, 40??<J0c each: medium. 7l>3'j0c; long
Wool. $1@1 50 each: Horse Hides, salt. *2 75
for large and S2(j?2 50 for medium. $1 i'5©l 73
for small and 50c for Colts: Horse Hides, dry,
$1 75 for large and $1 uO for medium, $1©1 25
for email nnd 50c for Colts. Bock Skins — Dr/
Mexican, 32c: dry salted Mexican. 25c; dry
Central American. 32c. Goat Skins — Prime An
goras. 75c; large and smocth, 00c; medium.
;<r«-- *rra1|. 20«\
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered, 4Vic per lb; No.
2, 4c; grease, 2»^!g3c.
WOOL — Fall clip— San .Toaquln Lambs'. 8fl
11c: Middle County, 11912c: Northern Free.
11f31?c; Northern D-fectlre. lOfllle: HumboMt
and Mendoclno. 12®14c; Nevada. J3SI.V; Ore
gon, fire, ISifflO':: Oregon, medium, 17c per lb.
HOPS— 2C<g22<ic per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
(120th M«riaian— Paclflo Time.)
EAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 7— 5 p. m.
Tb* 'oll&wlnff are the ceaj>cnai rainfalls to
flat* as compared with thoce of Fame dale last
season, and rainfall tn last 24 hours:
Weather Report.
Tbe c'.taxines at the. local clearinr-hous* for
tt« week ended yesterday wer« $31,721,718.
t-Ftlrn $:$,Sft3,794 C-r'.r.g the corresponding
week in 1902, showing a gain of $5,327,924
over la«t year. The figures fcr 1902 represent
th« clearings fcr five dayv only, as election day
in that year was a State holiday and the banks
were closed.
Bank Clearings.
LONDON CI<OSINO STOCKS.
Cons for money, SS 1-16 N Y Central 121',*
Con* for account. SS'i' Norfolk & West.. BSVi
Anaconda 3% Nor & W pfd 81
Atcbtaon «»U Ontario & West.. 25»i
Atchison pfd 92 Vi Pennsylvania .... 62
Bait & Ohio 7SH Band Mines !>Vi
Canadian Pacific. 131 % Reading 22?s
Ches & Ohio 31 Vt! Reeding 1st pfd.. 40
Chg-o G V.'estn... 15*i Reading 2d pfd.. 32
C, M & S P 142% Southern Rail !$¦}»
De Beers 20 Sou Rail pfd 76
I>n & Rio Or... 19'^ Southern Pacific 43t-i
D & R G pfd WVt Union Pacific 74 %
Kris 1'7-ii Union Pac pfd...'SS
Erie 1st pfd tf>M 1' S Steel 11 ft
Erie 2d pfd 40Vi IT S Steel pfd 55*i
Illinois Central. .135 iWabaah l!l«i
I.ouii" & Nash lf>3Vi Wabash pfd 3t
Mo. K £ T 17 j
Bar silver, steady, 27 5-1 Cd per ounce..
Money. 3@3^4 per cent. The rate of discount;
in the open market for short bills Is 3;<,yi f>er(
cent, and for three months bills 4 per cent.
Adams Con 1 1 !L.lttl*» Chief 07
Alice 14 Ontario 4 r.2
Urrece 10 fiphlr 1 30
Brunswick Con.... 03 Phoenix 08
Corr.Ftock Tunnel.. 05^4 'fim-aje 14
Co* Cal & Va 1 05, Sierra Nevada 30
Horn Sliver 1 05 J-.rnnll Hopes IS
Ircn Silver 1 75 Standard 2 C(»
LeadvllU Con C2|
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Moiify — A' S Steel i>fd y.i\j
Tail loans ZMUl VWsfjrhouse Com. C5
Time leans ...5 @H Mining —
Bonde — 'Artventure 4
Atchifinn 4s m\i'A\\oUfX 4
MfX Cent 4i t>* I Amalgamated ..*3>>"»» 1
Bailroads — iriingham 22Vi
Atchison <:."» >*»Iumet & HecIa,4."0
Atohison pfd .... Si)% '"entrnnial ICU,
Boston & Albany. 2tS Coppfer Range 15%
Boston A- Mainp..l70 'Dominion Coal.... 73
Boston Elevated. '.140 iFranklln ~%
S Y. N H & If.. 193 \lflf Uoyale 0
r;tchburg pf'l ...1.15'<-i'M'»hawk 30
Union Pacifl; 72 Old Dominion ... 10%
Mexican Central. . fc?4 t^ceola 5(j
Mlscellaneouf — Parrot 17
American Sugar. AWi Quincy 85
Am Susar y.fri. . .US?-i!Santa Fe Capfjer. \%
Am Tt-1 & Tel 12(5 'i- Tamarack 90
Dom Iron i Stet-I. (j'^iTrlnlty 5U
Sonera! Electric. .14<i jUnlted State* 17V-
Mes=« Hleotric IS Utah 27 "
Mas? Eiec pfd 71 'Victoria 2-i
United Fruit rxi4 Wlnona 8
U S Steel if IWolvcrir.e C4'i
General Electric 1 17
lntcnminl Paper 10^
Internl Paper pfd.. 100 Cl' t 61 l i 61
Int^rnatnl Pump 12
Internl PumD pfd «S
National Biscuit ii%
National Lend 12^
North American "'»
Northm Securities J*7 l i
Pacific Mail 20V,
People's G*s 200 »4 $>3V» !«T g
Pressed Steel Car.. 500 27 ii 2Q'U 27^
Prrs*e'l S Car pfd. .'. <;i>> a
Pullman Pal Car 215
Republic Steel 200 6", «"» «> T g
Republic Ste#l pfd. 1,WO 50^ 4S»^ 49};
Rubber Gooda 100 14 14 It
Rubber Good* pfd «71^
Term Coal & Ircn.. 70O 27 l i 26S 27^*
V S Leather 7%
U S leather pfd 75%
V S Rubier S»4
U S Rubber pM 35
U S Steel 1C.600 ««^ 10- s m t
V S Steel pfd 43,100 .V5* 8 f.2 . r .3\
Western Union 200 R3 S2 T S 82*,
Total sal's 200,300 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YOniC, Nov. 7.— Bond transactions
United Railroads of San Franci*o, 5o<«_> at
$76 75, 5000 at ?7fi 50. 5000 «t $78 75.
NEW YORK CLOSING BONUS.
U E 2s ref reg. ..107*i'L & N Unl 4s... 9S t a
u S ref 2a coup. . 107^ i Man con gold 4s. 102
IT S fan*. tOS'v Mexican Cent 4s.. 70V,
U S 3o coup ias4;MexCent 1st Inc. 141*
IT S new 4a reg. .1344 jMinn & St L4s.. t»l
I S iVTr 4s coup. 13 !>>.: Mo. K & Tex 4s.. 9S
V S old 4s reg... Ill u, Mo. K & Tex 2ds. 7f.\i
r S old 4« coup.. 1 MSN R R M»s con4s. 7C
l. S 53 rep 101 *i N Y C Rt" S'^s... Oit » i
I S 5s coup I01» 4 ,N J C gen hi..;. 180%
Atchison sen 4s. 'Ml*] Nor Pacific 4s... 102
Atchison adj 4s... SO^i.N'or Pacific 3s... 70
Atlantic C L 4s. 01 Ncr A- "V con 4s.. 97
Rait A Ohio 4j...HVHjlOr S Line 4s&Par 9\\
Bait & Ohio 3Us. !W»; Pa cr-nv H^s 05*%
Cent of Ga ."is KM^IReadinR gen 4^... B69 4
C of Ga 1st inc.. «« p L & I M con 5s.lO]s 4
<~hes & Ohio 4l,s.;oii 4 jS L & S F fg 4s. 81%
•hgo & Alt l%«.- 7.;%js L Sowt«n lsts. P'<
C B & Q new 4s.. :i:' s Seaboard A L 4s. «S
CM AS P^r. 45.110 Sn Pa-'Ific 4s K7i>i
C & NW con 7s..W0>s : Ko Railway 5s...1i2^
C, R I & P 4»... 73 jTex * Pp.c lFts-.llrtVj
<", R I & P col 5s. 72>i T. St L & W <s.. CS
CCC &- S L Ben45. iKj^'rnlon Pr.clflc 4S.102U
Chg-o Term 4s... 75 UP conv 4s f»3 ! j
Cors Tobacco 4s.. 51V U S Strcl 2d 5s.. 6«»i
Colo & So 4s S3 'Wabaxh Kts 43
D*n & W.n Gr •«.•>. C:»'v Wnbash deb B... 54%
"rlc rricr Ilf>n4« «S-% . Wheel & 1* E 43.. .V!
Kr!- g^npral 4«.. Wi'WIn Central 4s... 80
F \v ft !• \: ?>>t».10«( ;colo Fuel & Ircn. 90
Hocklr.c Vel 4«™s. 15U|
NEW YOP.K MINING STOCKS.
Articles— Open.. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
r>*cember ~X\ 7S" 4 7S' % 7X%
May IS".* 7S T » ;>>>-j 78*
* "orn Xo. i.' —
December 4i'j +l'j *»Vs 44»i
May 4i-u 4»?i W?>i «» a
July «=, 4:«s, 4J' U 4! 1 ,
Oats No. 2—
Pecember ?>Z> : >* '•'>'>" 'i 35% 35%
May ::ii*>. {!U% •««'» '••"'•;
Mess Pork, per bbl—
January 1- <-2'.- 12 f>." II !iO 11 f»2'i
May ..' 12 15 lii IS 12 00 12 «2Va
Lard per ICO Ibe —
December <i N-'j « K74 <l V-2'-i 0 S.">
January i, ?7' : <: ."<5 •• T7^ « SO
May it 75 0 SU'i 0 75 « 77',j
Short Ribs, i«t 1(i> !h<^--
January 8 27 Vi '-> 27'i •> 20 K 22'-i
Moy (1 ::7 U « o7t* « 30 0 30
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. | Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup. ..HO — |4s qr new. ..134 Vj 135 \i
4s qr reg Hli4112Ul3s qr coup..lOfit» —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5». — — Do Bs — 110
Bay CPC 5s. — 103% Do con 5a. — 104
Cal C G 5s.lO4"i — O W C r 5s. — 97 !i
Cal C & E g. Oceanic S Ss. 75 79
m & ct Bs. — 102tj Ora C R «».120 —
Cal-st 5a — — Pac B Im 4s. — 97
C C Wat 5s. — 100 P E Ry 5s..lO6ii —
K Ij & P 6s.l25 — P4CH6j.-' -
F & C II Sa. — 116 P & O R ea.ll6V*12O
Geary-st5».. 45 90 Powoll-et 6s.ll3H —
H C&S 5^8.101 — fi E G4R 5s. — ' lot
H C & SS os. OS'AIOO !f;p & SJV Ss — 117
lion R T «s.lO4VilOit M R of V 6s.ll2^ —
Is A Kiec 5s.l<rJ<*I05V. H P or A 6s
L A Ry 5s..ll_»iill3Vi <10<K)) IOS —
L A L Cn «.«. — — U010) 108*-il09^3
Do gtd Ca. — — Ii P cf C 6s
Do gtd .1s.lO2i.;irV>»i (1905; Sr A10241O?
LAP lem 5s. — 103 (10C5> Sr B10:H»lC3?i
Mkt-st C «s.W7»4 — flJlOB) 104^10«
Do lem 5s. — 114 <1012) 114 115
NRR of C 6s. — K>"«i PPC leg 5s.. — —
Do £e 114«4115 r» stmrd.lO*n;ip6%
N P C R os. — 103 I? P B R 63.132 —
N C B 5s.. 109 — I? V W 6s..lO5Ts —
N C P C .'.*. — — I>o 4s 2dm. $>8 99
N S R R 5i. — 100 Do 4s 3dm. 90 —
O O L II Cs.107 — iJtVn O&E 6s 05 102^
. O T Co CS..117 llSMi'l? G ft E 5s. — 105
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa. 41^ — I Port Costa.. — —
Marin Co.... «1 — I !?P V W Co. 39^i 39&
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
f'ent L & P. 3^ 4*1 [Hae P G&R. — —
Mutual E L. 8Vi 10 W F O & E. 67ij > 6 < '
Oak C. I^tH. — — H F Gas 3 3»J
Pac G Im:.. — 53 ?*tkn G & E. 5 —
Pac L Co 55?i — U G & E. . . — —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
3 F G & E. 67»i 68
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.320 '— "
BANK STOCKS.
Am Nat Bk. — 125 II, P & A 160 170
Anglo-Cal... — 02Vj Mer Trust... 230 —
Hank of Cal. — 470 Merch Ex... — —
I'al Safe Dp. — ICO i» F Natlonl — — "
FU"8t Natlonl — — .
SAVINGS BANKS.
Oer S & L.. — — iTav & L So. 95 10O
Hum S & L. — — i'Jec Sav Bk.400 500
Mutual Sav. — 110 (Union T Co. — —
I? F 8a v U.COO — j
STREET RAILROADS.
California . . — 205 I Presidio .... 33 —
Geary — SO |
POWDER.
Want 66 67 lVlgorit — 4%
SUGAR.
Hana P Co.. 40c 70c IKllauea S C. — 6
Hawaiian C. 44 — Makaweli C. 22 22V4
Honokaa S C 13'^ — Onomea S C. — 33
Hutch S P C 10 — iPaauhau S C 15 1$.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack. — — lOceanlc S C. — 7
Cal Fruit As. — 94 Pac A F A. 3 Sfi
Cal Wine As. 02 Va 94 |Pac C Borax. 167 —
Morning Session."
Board—
5 Alaska Packers' Assn 149 25
50 Hutchinson S P Co 10 00
$14,000 S P of Arizona (1900) 108 00
$3,000 S P of Arizona (1010) 109 00
btrcet —
40 S F G & E Co (cash) 67 75
SATURDAY", Nov. 7—12 m.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
CLOSINO QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. October 7—12 m.
Bid. Ask. • Bid. Ask.
Alpha 05 OfiJulia ?*> '•:
Alta 02 03 Justice 03 •'»
Andes 17 lfrKentuck »V» »?
Belcher 13 14 Keyes Graesr.l 7r> 1 S<i
Best & Beler.I 40 1 50 Mexican !»-' K
Bullion 08 09 Occidental ... -"» -J>i
Caledonia 1 00 1 Oftlophir 1 5o 1 BB
Challenge Con 23 "R Overman 21 1U
Chollar 13 14 Potoat 13 It
Confldenc« ... 65 70 Savaco 1« 17
C C & Va 1 CS 1 10 Scorpion "1 t>2
Con Imperial. «J »X Seg Be'.chcr.. 0<* H»
Con NY 05 W Sierra. Nev... ."m". 31
Crown Point.. 14 15, Silver Hill... 57 .Vs
Eureka Con.. — M>ist. T>ouls 11
Exchequer ... 15 WSyndlcate — •«
Gould & Curry 23 24'Union Con 4« -il
Hale & Nor. . 53 {i» Utah 14 16
Lady Washtn. 03 04)Yellow Jacket 38 4^
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask.' Bid. Ask.
Colehan — 19 Rescue i>* •-•
Ksperanza ... 01 <KI Ton Belroont. .j s^»
liannapah ... — li» Ton & Cal — —
MacNamara . M 12 Ton & Gt W. 01 »?»
Montana Ton. 00 02 Ton M Co — & <"»
N Y Ton — 05 Ton N Star.. 81 »••
Paymaster... — 12 Ton Midway .. — 3!»
Pine Grove... — 15. Ton & S Lake 15 —
FLOW OF KIVERS.
The followlntr tsble gives a comparative
sUtement for two years of the estimated fl:>w
of certain California rivers in cubic feet per
second, or second feet, one second foot equal
ing 5O California miner's inches, or about 4'»
Colorado miner's Inches. The figures tor the
last year may be revised by later measure
ments. The flzure* are by J. B. Llpplncott.
hydrographer. United States Geological SurveyT
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA GRANGE.
~~ Second Feet.
October 25 560 ST»
October 2« *i*» g
October 27 *™ *J
October 2S ) 410 -.
October 2» 350 »
October :>.0 410 nn
October 31 1 350 \ 85
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
Second Feet.
October 25 480 215
October 2« |6O
October 27 360 -is
(Vtober 2.S 3*0 W>
October 29 3fiO 2 .»
October 30 WO 215
October 31 >•• 320 1 250
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT IRON CANTON
Second Feet-
October 25 11.430 5.223
October 26 8.650 5.2^>
October 27 «.82O 6.22O
October 2S 7.300 5.22O
i October 29 6.680 6.22f»
October 30 6.590 fl.220
October 81 6.580 B.220
CURED MEATS— Eacon, 12c per lb for
heavy 1'jUc for light medium, U\\c for lipht
ICC for extra light. lSn for sugar-cured and
l»c for i*xtra sugar-cured: Eastern rugar-cured
Hams. 15\<c: California Hams. I4"5io: Mesa
Beef. *lt 50 per bbl; extra Mesg. $ll'iS12 BO;
Fnmilv. $13-913 50: prime Mess Pork. $10; extra
r'.ear *$C5; Mess. ?20: Dry Salted Pork. 12iic
V\k Pork. $28; Pigs' Feet. $5 25; Smoked Beef.'
Tierces quoted at 7}£e per lb for
compound and 0<fmic for pure; half barrels.
£ure y'ic: 10-lb tins. n*;fI10c; 5-lb tins, icJa
luVic- :'.-lb tins:. mv.S'lOSftc. 7 * w
COTTOLENE— One hilf barrel. a%c; three
half barrels. 0%c: one tierce, OHc; two tierces.
o c - five tierces, 8T<.c per lb.
Chicago, was sren?rally weak. The letter of
Bolton, Dr» Ruyter fc Co. s3ld: "There is no
Imnrovement in the tone of th» market. It
locks heavy and v.Mth intermittent exceptions
dull In everv feature. We think the trade
holds the view that the country .is well sup
plied with liojcs and that nothing In the way
of high prices is In sight. We would sell
provisions on the hard r^cts."
The local market is well stocked and quiet,
with an easy feellnc.
Provisions.
ONIONS — S< ! 6S5c per ctl
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. ZQic Der lb;
String Beans, l!(g:*c per lb: AVaic, "/ii."VjC; Lima
Beans, 3'i@ 1 4'^c p<r lb: Tomatoes, 20(ff5Oo per
box; summer Squash. 6OQ7.ic per box; Cabbage,
tii^k: Uf- c,tl; Carrots. 7f>c p«r sack; Cucumbers.
S09?5c per J)ox; Garlic, 4@5c..per lb; Green
Pepfers. 25040c per box for Chile and 60ig«5c
for Bell; Green Okra. 4O3j,COc per box; Kgx
Plant. 5<Xa7.">c per box; Marrowfat Squash, $10
$15 per ton; Hubbard. $15@20.
ni'i'A'ioKb- Diirunnks from th^ river. 50*3
70c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks, $l<gl 35 per ctl;
Oregon JJuibanks, <Jir.ii.fti-, p#r ctl; Hlver H«u*.
50gt,5c per ctl: Sweet Potatoes, $1 25 per ctl.
Tho usual Saturday quietness prevailed in
the potato market. Oregon Burbanks were
scarce and Salinas wers a little firmer in
consequence. The Oregon steamer left Port
!hnd with rrr<=h supplies last Tuesday, but
has been bar-bound on the Columbia River
«nd b not t-xjirtfted to arrive before Monday.
Rivorr liiirbantif; were reported at previous
prices and .Sweet Potatoes and Onlon3 were
in pood supply and unchanged.
Trade In vegetables waa active, and as re
ceipts of most kinds were moderate the
market had a steady tone. Summer Squash
and Bkk Plant ruled firm at the recently ad
ranced quotations, and cucumbers were higher
undfr light receipts. Beans and Peas of good
quality wrre in small supply and. cleaned up
I'.ulckly at steady rates. Tomatoes ruleil weak,
with supplies too heavy for the market to
absorb. -Hound lots of Marrowfat and Hub
)>arrl Squash m*-t with a slow demand on the
wharf, but sacked stock met with a steady
inquiry ot lc per lb.
Potatoes. Onions and Vegetables.
Altriousli rcce'pta of B^ans wtr? much
smaller iatt »etk than for the preceeding
tvo or thrco weeks, the market continues
weak, while the demand Is at a standstill.
previous prices rulr. ¦
BKAX8 - Liayoa. $2 Io?i2 4C; Pea. .$3 25;
Cutters ?¦'! 25i fiuall White. $^ O'Xa 10; large
Whito, '$^ 20®2 o<>; I*ink. $2 10§J 30; Red.
$2 9003; Lima, $2 7!>(»2 05; Red Kidneys. $4;
Blackeye. *-' 101f2 25. per ctl; Horse Beans,
b*Kh.L>=!— Hrcwn Mustard, *S; Yellow Mus
tanl. ?.' ','<U- SO; Fin*. 51 ~>0'a\ SC: Canary.
Ofi.'tUi: fcr Eastern; Alfalfa, 12©l-'ic; Rape,
l%Q2\i<i; Tinicth)-. Wti'ii 1 : Hemp, 3}4®3^c
l^r lb; Millet, u v a iK-c; Br»«otn Com Seed, $20V
•S.t lifr ion.
DiUEl) PEAS— Green, $1 RC-&2 irr ctl.
Beau's and Seeds.
Tho Hay 'iiarkft rlosfd the week in good
shape; Rlecpipts. have been mui-h smaller of
late and this v.-p rehouses, which have b#en full
for «omo tim». era now Retting emptied again,
which will lead the jobb'-ra and retaUers Into
the market for renewed supplies very shortly.
Hran Is easy, but Middlings ru'.e. firm. Both
sre unchanged.
HK\N— *-" • oa " P" 1 " ton 
viiiuJl-lX'j' 8 - 5-C©28 per ton.
I i.Oi;'is — sfiO MH'SJ per ton.
KEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. S24©25 per
fr.n- Oilcake Meal at the mill. SL'Cft-ji; 50; job
bire r-'«- T r>0: <-*°'- oan "t Cake, 5-l©22; Corn
Vra! $30flai: Cracked Coin. $.u) 5uff3l 50;
Mixed Ve*& *--' 50 *'-' 3 '"?• How Bean*. $30©
4 V\ r Y t -^'h«t. $145/10 50: Wheat and Oat,
t«"f5ieio 60; Oaf, tl2:&uetf8U; Wild oat.
wti iiiiVi '»d: ISarlay, $11013; Stocl:, fiiyuil;
Tvi : Eira". ?U'.«l^ Ml per ton
STUAW— *Ofi«^C l^r bale.
I lav and Fccdstuffs.
rLOUR— California Family N Extras, $4 «O©
4 S3. usual terms: Bakers' Extras, $4 C0®4 60;
Oregon and Washington. $3 80©4 20 per bbi
for Family and $a S0@4 40 for Bakers'.
MILLSTCFFS— Prlpea in packages are as
follows: Oraham Flour, $3 25 p«r 100 lbs;
Rye Klour. $•"! 25; Rye Meal, $3; Rice Flour,
S7- Corn Meal. $3 25: estra cream do, §4; Oat
Greats. H 50: Hominy, $4©4 25; Buckwheat
Flour U 50#4 75; Cracked Wheat. $J 75; Fa
rina $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 60; Relied
Oats', bb'.s, $7 25@S 60: in sacks. $8 75©8 10;
Pea 1 1 Barley, *U; Split Peas, boxes. $7; Green
I'eas, ?3 50 per 10O lbs.
Flour' and Millstufts.
At the office of the Contra Costa "Watsr
Company It Is stated that no dividend will be
paid in November. Three different parties are
said to be negotiating for the purchase of tha
bonds and should these be eold this month a
dividend will be paid in December.
The California-street Cable Railroad Com
pany will pay a regular monthly dividend of 75
cents per share on November 11.
The Presidio and Ferries Railroad Company
will pay a regular monthly dividend of 20
cents per share on November 18.
Sales on the California Exchange last week
were 23,727 shares, valued at $6205. the leading
sales being as follows: Associated Oil and In
dependence, 10CO shares each: Fauna, 5000;
Home, 1000; Monte Crlsto, 13C0; Occidental.
3200; Superior, 8850; Lion. 5C0.
A recent street sale of fifty shares Anglo-Cal
lfornlan Bank (limited) is reported at $37 50. a
decline.
Th» week closed ¦with the market qulst and
unlnterestlnr.
Local bank clearings still larger than those last year.
Wall-street stocks firmer under a fair bank statement.
Local securities still inactive and featureless.
Silver advanced. Government ceases its purchases.
Domestic and Sterling Excliange rates unchanged.
Wheat and Barley futures lower and cash Barley also off.
Oats, Corn and Rye as previously quoted.
Hay and Middlings firm. Bran easy.
Diminished receipts do not improve the Bean market.
Butter firm at the recent advance. Eggs steady and Cheese weak.
.Walnuts held higher, with the French crop reported sJiort.
Provisions in good supply, quiet and easy.
I\ T o further change in Wool, Hops and Hides.
Peckers trying to buy Hogs at reduced quotations. -
Coffee market active and firm.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables still plentiful.
Poultry in light receipt and firm. Game in demand and higher.
Fruit in active demand for local use and shipment.
Large shipment of Prunes to Europe.
CHICAGO, Ncv. 7.— December wheat was
offered quite freely at ihe start on large re
ceipts In the Northwest and there were also
good comml?£iou house Bales of that com
.modlty, which , resulted in weakness early in
the day. December opened a shade to Vt^iTnc
lower at "SUc- to 7$%C, and before the end of
the first hour the trie- <lroii)»d to 7S*ic. To
ward the midolc oi thi Befcxlon a j-ood general
demand developed nnd with out.«!o> markets
phoning: some advance snrl with predictions of
unfavorable wenther thf r.i*rk?t ussuni-d a
brighter aspect nnd the early. loes \vr3 all r?
2aincrt. The close v.as at iho bottom, with
December |&c ii wer at T&lcJi^S^c.
Corn unl not recilve any particular support
end prliec December closing at 44 1 j ) e,
•7<iC lawerJroni tin- onemr.sr.
Oats vTlc-tl a little easier. December closlns
5,c low.tr at 35J4Q33%c.
With the exception of lard l>TOVl8l0r.« ruled
•asifr. January lard was 5c Higher, January
ribs were "Vjc lower ai.«l pnk 15? lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
Wheat — Dec. March. May.
Opening « fi'i C 5'i « 3Ts
Closing C6'j C5U <5 3' S
PARIS.
Wheat— Nov. Mar.-Jun*.
Opening 20 PO 2105
Closing 20 C5 21 CO
Flour —
Opening £0 pr> 2R 70
•.losing 29 03 28 70
LIVERPOOL.
Foreign Futures.
STOCK MARKET.
SUMMARY. OF THE MARKETS.
PEACHES — Are dull. Choice are quoted at
~Vt<3<T%c, extra choice at 7*i@8 l 4c and fancy
at 9U310UC.
Walnuts are held higher In the local mar
ket. The French crop Is reported deficient.
Otherwise there Is no ehanee In anything.
Two steamers took out for Europe yester
day 2,460,710 lbs Prunes, valued at $39,049,
and 30,600 lbe at $1830 for New York.
FRUiT— Apricots, 7©S%c for Royals and 9&
10c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 4@iV, C :
sun-dried. 3^®4c; Peaches . 4HC«%e S Pc?rs
•jaiOc; Nectarines. 4®o%c; Figs, white, 4 ft 4 a* c
in boxes; black, 4fcc; Plums, pitted. 6@Sc p*r
P °PnUNES— 1903 crop, 2Vj©3c for tha four
sires. •
KAISINS — F. o. b. prices, Fresno, for 1903
crop: 50-lb boxes — Loose Muscatel, 2-crown
r.i-.c per lb; 3-crown, 5%c: 4-crown, 6«c; Seed
l-'es Muscatels. 4'/ 4 c; do floated. 4 He; un
bleached Sultanas, 4^c; Thompson's Seedless.
5V.c London Layers— 2-crown, $1 25; 3-crown,
$1*35; 4-crown .clusters. ?2; 5-crown Dehesas,
$2 50; 6-crown Imperials, $3; Malaga Loose, 2
crown, 6c per lb: do 3-crown, 5%c; Valencia
Cured 4Vic: Pacific do, 3>Kc; Oriental do. 2%c.
Seeded Raisins— 16-oz. packages, fancy. Sc per
lb; choice, 7 Tic: 12-oz. packages, fancy. 6%c;
choice. 6»ic: in bulk, fancy, 7%c; choice, 7%c.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, 13%®14c;
No. 2, ll>5@12c; No. 1 hardshell, 13@13%c;
No. 2, 1101 I Vic; Almonds, lie for Nonpareil*.
lO^cfor I X L, IO'/iC for Xe Plus Ultras and
8*ic for Lancuedoe; Peanuts, 6©7e for East
ern;.Pecans. lli@!13c:'Cocoanut!», $4 50@5; Cali
fornia Chestnuts. 10(3 15c per lb.
HONEY— Omb. new, 12914c for white and
lift lie fcr amber: new water white extracted,
5H<3Cc; light amber extracted, 4Vj4?5%c; dark
ifflMc.
BEESWAX— 27020c per lb.
Dried Fruits jNuts, Raisins, Honey
$1 20©l 25; Chevalier. $1 2001 45 for fair to
choice.
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
•' Open. High. Low. Close.
December $1 14 $1 14 $1 13H $1 13%
May 112% 1 l-'H 112% 112%
OATS — Closed the week steady at pr%vlous
prices with ample stocks on hand.
White, $1 2O4rl 82%; Black, ?1 40®l 62^;
Red, fl 2001 25 for feed and $1 25@1 35 for
seed; Gray, $1 22%©1 27% per ctl.
m CORN— More Western cam* in yesterday.
Prices remain unchanged and the market is
"^Western sacked. $1 3C«1 32% for Yellow.
$1 S0@l 32 y% for White and ?1 30 for mixed:
California large fellow %\ 333! 40; small
round do, *1 60®l CO; White. %\ 35@1 40 per
Ct 'u*E— fl 2501 30 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— r-i 25®2 50 per ctl. *
Fruit, 11 S0@2 50: Mexican Limes, $4Q1 50;
Bananas, $1 60@2 per burtch for Hawaiian and
J2 5003 25 for Central American; Pineapples,
$2@2 60 ser dozen.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1903.
Flour. Qr sks... 14.2O«Pelts. No 630
Wheat, ctls 400 Hides. No 877
Barley, ctls 5,450 Raisin*, hxs 4,050
Beans, sks 545 Uulcksilver. flks. . 80
Potatoes, sks... S, ISO Leather, rolls... 131 j
Bran, sks 125!Wlne. gals 60.S0O
Wool, bales 292!Tallow. ctts 10
Hay, tons 217 fuyar. ctls 1.S50
Hops, bales lOOlLlme. bbls 1*2
Screenings, sks. 200 Chicory, bbls.... 20
Feed, sks S3 1
WESTERN.
Corn, ctls 600 *
FOR SATURDAY, OCTOBER 7.
Receipts of Produce.
THE tX>AST RECORD.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
35
NOT AFFECTED BT WALX. STREET.
Enabling owner* of approved properties to
DEVELOP — EXTENTS — EQXXIP
XHBUSTBIAX.S. BAH. WATS, M2JTE3
and similar enterprises. Address with full de-
tails. J. 8. WHITE. Manager. Security Life
¦ Ins. Co., 61 WALL ST.. NEW TORK.
FOREIGN CAPITAL
OCEAN TRAVEL.
C0XTA6BIS 6E5X2AI.E TXAXSATLASTZqVX.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS, jaj.
Sailing every Thursday instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42. *«¦«*.
North River, foot of Morten street. *
First-class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond-class to Havre, $45 and Upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York. J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Pactflo Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Fracnlsco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agenta.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
9:45 a. rn.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunda*.
Sunday, 9:43 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leave Vailejo.
7 a m.. 12:30 and 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day. 7 a. in.. 4:13 p. m. Fare. BO cents. Tel.
Main 1508. Pier 2, Mlsslon-st. dock. HATCH
BROS.
Mara Island ana VaUeio Staamari.
"Columbia 1 * sails No. 9, 19, 29. Dec. 9. 13.
29 "George W. Elder" sails. Nov. 14. 2«.
Dec. 4. 14. 24. Only steamship line to PORT-
LAND. OR., and short rail line from Portland
to all pomts East. Through tickets to all
points, all rail or steamship and rail at LOW-
EST RATES. Steamer tickets Include berth
and meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear st.
at 11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass.
Dept.. 1 Montgomery St.; C. CLIFFORD. Gen.
Agt. Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery
O. R. & N. CO.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamer* *"M leave- wharf, corner First arH
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlogo>.
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting a:
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
cargo received on board on day of aallln?.
S S. AMERICA MARU
Tuasday. November 10. 10C3
S. S. HONGKONG MARU
. Thursday, December 3. 1903
S 8. NIPPON MARU (Calling at Manila) /
Wednesday. December 30, 190.1 /
Via Honolulu. Round -trip tickets at reduced
rates*. For frelarht and passage apply at Corn,
cany' s office. 421 Market street, corner FIrat.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
occanic8.8xa.gssg
S. B. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Nov. 19. 2 p. m.
S S ALAMEDA. for Honolulu, Nov. 28. 11 a.m.
S* S MARIPOSA. for Tahiti, Dec 1. 11 a. m.
jngitt&Lna tattSLferla. J.fitft a
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose dpi
Cabo. Majatlan, Altata, La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia, Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of ca-.i
month.
» For further Information obtain folder.
Rtcht Is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing dates.
TICKET O7TICIS- 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street ana
Broadway wharves.
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C. D DCNANN. General Passenger Agent,
10 Market street. San Francisco.
esteemers I«av* San Fran-
cisco as follows:
For Ketchlkan, Wranfel.
Juneau. Halnes, Skagway.
etc.. Alaska— 11 a. m.. Nov.
7. 12. 17. 22. 27. Dec. 2.
Chang* to company's steam-
ers at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett. Whatcom— 11 a. m.. Nov. 7.
12. 17. 22. 27. Dec. 2.— Chanjr* at Seattl* to
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N.
Ry.; at Seattle- or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p. m.. Nov. 6. 13. IS. 24. 30 Dec. 6: Corona.
1:30 p. m.. Nor. 9. 13. 21. 27, Dec. 3.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Av.g-.lt9 and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara—
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 0 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Lou Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-*
terey. San Simeon. Cayucoa, Port Harford (San
Luis Obispo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Nov. 9. 17. 25. Dec. S.
Bonita. 9 a. va.. Nov. 5. 13. 21. 2!>. Dec. 7.
APCTION SALES
£a fe -£a
LOOK OUT FOR THE
GREAT
RED RIBBON SPECIAL SALE
'Which Will Tak» Place
TUESDAY EVENING, NOVEMBER 17,
AT
Occidental Horse Exchange
246 Third St.. Near Folsom.
The finest breed, speediest and han<Jsnme»t
trotters, pacers and roadsters, double teams
and Shetland ponies ever offered. Catalogues
ready. TVM. G. LAYNG.
Livestock Auctioneer.
Watch to-morrow's advertisement.THE SAS FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER S, ; - 1903.-
36
5S^JfJJE££ A j[!^rr c^ TY ' F Pfe_ -?-__iS:
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
«38 MARKET ST.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUPnnv
TUESDAY 7...... November 10. 1003
•At our aalearooma. 638 Market St..
_.. 12 o'clock noon.
m THIRD-ST. BUSINESS CORNER.
BE. corner Third and Perry sts.; 25x77:6 ft.,
with an L 25x75 ft. on Perry st. ; improvements
consist of a store and flat of I r, and b.; also
house of 11 r .
PACIFIC HEIGHTS FLATS.
East line of Kranklln st.. »2:6 ft. south ot
Broadway; Nos. 23C2-04-C6 Franklin at.: 3
most magnificent new flat» containing 7 r. anil |
P? r " '» ln h. each; renting to permanent tenant-
at $145 per month
O'FARRELL-STv RESIDENCE.
South line of O'Farrell st.. 115 ft. west o.
Stelner; No. 1811; Improvements consist of a
most excellent dwelllna of 12 r. and b. : patent
flush toilet and modern plumbing throughout.
FILLMORE-ST. BUILDING LOTS. |
West line of Flllmore st.. 137 :« ft. south of |
Grove: lot 25x100 rt.; this piece of property is ;
so situated that It commands a beautiful view. !
Is level and ready for building. j
GEAUY-ST. RESIDENCE. . ,
South line of Grary St.. between Stelner ana
Pierce sts.; substantially built 2-story building,
containing 7 r. and b • No 1&T3 Oeary si. ¦
VAN NEES-AVE. BUILDING LOTS.
Ea*t line of Van Ness ave., «2:S ft. south of
Francisco st.; » very dcMrahle building lots;
flats erected Uiion this property would rent
easily and bring in a handsome revenue.
BHTANT-ST. RESIDENCE.
Fouth line of Bryant st.. 25 ft. east of El-
lery. between First and Second: Improvements
consist of a -double cottage, renting for ?IS per
month.
PINE-ST. INVESTMENT.
North line of Pine st.. 127:0 ft. west of
Hyde; No. 1312: fine 3-f.tory frame building,
containing S r. and porcelain b. ; new modern
plumbing throughout
PARK PANHANDLE FLATS.
South line of Waller St., 15U ft. west of
Ehrader St.; No. 1741-43; 2 excellent flats of
5-6 r. and' porcelain b. ; new and modern in
every respect; renting for ?82 50; lot 25x137:0
feet.
PROnATE SALE.
West line of Stockton *t.. 7." ft. north of
Francisco thronph tr> Worden hi.: magnificent
bullJIng ulte, COx<SS:S ft.; mortgage of $1200
can remain; must be sold to close an estate.
EASTON, ELDRIDOE & CO..
C3S Market st.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & OO..
03S MARKET STREET
Established 1S75
BIO PAYING INVESTMENTS.
EVERY ONE A BARGAIN.
$25,C0O— Rents $2472 per year; modern building
containing 3 stores "anil 5 flats* of 5 rooms
and bath* each; lar^-i lot, . r >7:Cxl0O:3
ttft; fine business corner In the West- j
em Addition. I
$26,000— Make offer; Pine St.. near Larkin: 11
flats and cottage; rents $2100 a year; ]
larce lot, 5(»xl20 feet, to rear street.
$22,C00— Elegant o-story building of 2t rooms
and bath; suitable for doctor's offices or
sanitarium; on Post st., near Franklin;
lot 50x137 :C. j
$13,5CC — Grand downtown Investment; on Lar- |
kin »t. : 3 fine 2-story houses; large lot,
50x100 feet, alone -worth the money.
$12,500 — Inside corner on Post St.. east of Lar-
kln; present Improvements pay J840 year.
?ll,50C> — Rents $1200 a year; .'5 modern flats,
6-6-7 rooms and "l-aths: on Sutttr St.,
near Pierce; lot 25x1:57:0 feet.
$10,500 — Rents $1<S2 a year; S eletjant modern
flats of C-7-8 rooms, baths; built by
day's labor; Pine St.. near Flllmore.
$10,500 — Rents $1050 a year; 3 tifv. 1 modern flats
of 0 rooms and bath each; nice portion
or the M'estern Addition; cars pass door.
$7,800—2 stores and 4 modern flats not rar
from the City Hall: pays $87 50 per
month; always rented; bank mortgage
of $1000 r»n remain.
f r.,r»l*> — I»eautlful modern residence of 8 rooms,
bath, etc.; Park Panhandalc district;
lot 25x137:8 feet.
$4,500 — Rents ?47 per month; Bryant St.. near
Third; 4 fine flats In first-class condi-
tion; mortgage of $1000 can remain.
$2,C00--Hents $2b'S a year; 2 elegant flats of 4
rooms and bath each; everything In
first-class condition; 1 block rrom MIs-
slon-st. elrctrlc cars; lot 25x125 feet.
$2, CCO — Hlg bargain; fine cottage of 4 rooms;
on .Laskle st. ; street bltumlnlzed; cement
sidewalk: a fine comfortable home.
$l,C50— Chrap lot. level and ready for build-
Ing; on Langton «>t. ; lot 25xS0; present
Improvements could be made to pay 12
ptr cent.
For further particulars call at office.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
63S Market street.
MADISON & BL'RKE.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS. ".
ESTABLISHED JANTTARY, 185S.
30 Montgomery st Opposite Lick House.
$10. 000^ — Devlsadfro st!; store and flats; lot 30x
82:0; new building; rent $150.
$12,000— Post st.; two large, well constructed
houses; very large lot.
Sacramento St., between Larktn and Polk; S
houses and lot 65xllS, paying large in-
come; only $16,000 asked.
Fillmore st.. .corner of Geary; 1JW feet on
Geary and 137:0 feet on Flllmore; th«
largest and finest corner on the market
on any business street; $40,000; call for I
particulars.
JackEon nt., 50-vara lot. corner Lyon; an ele-
gant, sightly building location; com-
mands grand, unobstructed view and best
neighborhood In city; only $30,000.
$8,000— To close an estate; Dolores St.. near i
Sixteenth; 3 houses; rents $C0; large lot-
must sell immediately; call for particu-
lars.
$0,000 — Hayes-st. Investment, near Buchanan-
2 buildings; rents $C8 50 per month- 27-6
xl20 to rear street.
$2,350— Shotwell st.. near 24th; C rooms and
bath; lot 22:3x122:0. with stable.
Cheap home; only $2300; on Twentieth st. near
Guerrero: 4 rooms and bath; cottag's and I
lot, J.ixlll. I
LOTS
$4.200— Stetner St., near O'Farrell: 25x100:0. j
$2.500— Lots on Larkln st., near Broadway
$1UO per fcot.
Choice residence lots on Sutter. Post and
Stelner sts. in sizes to suit.
BulMlng lots, northeast corner Golden Gate ave
M - 60O v"a S lle a y P: .t, n ? r .^fxl0O C ° rner SanCh " " nd
MADISON & BURKE,
30 Montgomery -it., opp. Lick House.
CALIFORNIA
TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST COMPANY
v,™.-.-. -. 41 ° MONTGOMERY ST. ¦
MO\ED FROM MILLS BUILDING TO MORE
COMMODIOUS QUARTERS IN
HAYWARD BUILDING.
CAPITAL ONE MILLION DOLLARS.
TITLE INSURANCE FACILITATES all
transactions in real estate; it has supplanted
the old-fashioned method of relying on certlfl- '
cates of title or mere opinions, neither of which
guarantees anything or promises to make good
any loss. It has become an necessary to the i
buslnees world as the telephone, electricity or
any. of the modern Inventions of the age.
A TRUST COMPANY IS A CORPORATION
subject to State law. and examination, which
exists primarily for the execution of trusts.
Such an Institution affords absdlute protection
against unsafe methods in Ihe management of
estates. An Individual may be called away,
die, or become Incapacitated; a trust company
la an enduring and ever present corporation.
THE ONLY SAN FRANCISCO TITLE IN-
SURANCE COMPANY having a complete lo-
cality plant or copy of the real estate records,
constructed especially for Insuring real estate
titles like modern plants of New York, Boston,
Chicago and Eastern cities; reasonable rates;
regular trust company business transacted un-
der State charter: all matters controlled and
managed by the following
. DIRECTORS AND TRUSTEES:
WILLIAM ALVORD,
CHARLES R. bK?' ""* °' C^"^
ROBERT BRUcf ° f Callf ° rn!<l -
HENRY L. DAVIS' *
President California Optical Co.
P. N. LILIENTHAL,
Manager Anrlo-Callfornian Bank.
WARREN OLNEY.
Olney & Olney. Attorneys and Counselors.
CHARLES PAGE.
• Page. McCutchen & Knight, Attorneys.
A. T. SPOTTS,
Mgr. Cal. Title Ins. and Trust Co.
JOHN R. SPRING,
. Capitalist. 630 California st.
RAYMOND, ARMSTRONG & CO..
Room 2. 7th floor. Mllla building.
$170,000 — Choice corner on New Montgomery
¦ st. : new 7-story and basement brick
building; will pay 6 per cent net.
$90.000— Choice residence; Van Ness ave.;
large lot. equal in area to 50 vara.
$55,000— Corner Broadway and Baker < sts.:
125x132:7 elevated lot; suoerb marina
view. ¦ .-¦ ¦¦*¦».;. - •
• $10.000— Washington st.. west of Baker; lot
78x128: splendid site for flats.
$7,500 — Lot and residence; Broderick-at. cor-
ner;' finished basement: double parlors,
reception hall, dining-room, kitchen, 0
bedrooms, bath, toilet, etc. : very de-
sirable at price.
$6,000— Wlllard st.; College Heights; modern
residence, 1 7 rooms," bath, etc.; lot 37:0
front; stable, etc. •
$3,100 — 'Welsh at.. - near Fourth; 5 flats; an-
nual rents $444; water $2 40.
$5,750 — New flats on Greenwich st... 5 and 6
rooms each; payflne Income.
RAYMOND. ARMSTRONG & CO.
I-OIST RICHMOND nEJ^ ESTATE^
" I^KST OCX TO-DAY
IS A LOT IN TH:: SANTA FK TRACT
AT POiNT R1CHSIOJ«D
ALL I EVEL * 5 V1 ' R MONTH.
HlTL'ilEN^inKWALXS. -5.1 PBH MONTH.
I STREETS GRACED.
I McEWEN linOS., UN MONTGOMERY ST..
SOLK AGENTS.
faCTBXOXZf DISTRICT.
j Two chclct luta on California St.. near Fif-
teenth ave.; ready t.> botW on; price only $20Ct;.
UcAJTTE BROTHERS.
; ICa Montgomery st.
BUY now- acreage In Alia Punta Tract. ne it r
Point Richmond; a'..»<> lota at $-io: f.ixy
terms. H.UO1IT. 4W California St.. S. F.
' WATER front lots and bargains : a'.l tract*;
maps rnotc*. etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg
UKAL ESTATE IVA>TEU.
WANTED- To buy building of 2 flats of 5 or tj
rocms each; mu.«t b-j in k>xm1 condition: be*.
Grove and Huhh, nit farther than l>akti;
state prlee. Box 2tTO. I'all office.
BOSS VALIST C0TTAGZ3 TO LET.
TO let — Fu.-ni.sheJ 4-rcom cottage, bath, elec-
tric lishts, garden: {• minutes from station;
winter rate. Tel. Ulack \SJ»Xi.
ALAM &DA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA HEAL ESTATE.
A CHOICE SELECTION OF BEAUTIFVL.
HOMES FUl: HALE CHEAP.
EXTRA VALUES.
Elegant Modern Homes Can be Purchased on
Easy Terms.
SEE OLH UAUUAINS.
$2300— Buys one of those superb colonial
homes, consisting of 5 room* and bath;
all latest modern con\enlences.
$3150— Purchases a fine 6-room cottage, recep-
tion hall and fine lot, including carpets,
lace curt-Ins, etc. ; a snap.
$2S30 — Lot. 75x175; flowers and fruit tree*, to-
gether with a good J-riom cottage; near
trains ar.l schools.
$1450 — A great bargain In a fins 5-rooxn cot-
tage; lot g-lflO; very modern; sea thla at
once.
$2750 — Buys a leautlful modern cottage, S
rooms ani bath; nicely located; ready tor
occupancy.
Elegant 12-room house with carpets for sale or
rent: reasonable rent; beautiful corner
lot, 75x133; best location in Alameda.
HOUSE AND LOTS FOR SALE AT ALI»
PRICES.
HOUSES BUILT, RENTED AND EX-
CHANGED. .
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
150O Park St.. Alameda.
BARGAINS.
$13T>0 — Five-room new cottage; lot 28x100: near
Cay station.
$1150 — Five-room lVa-story house; lot 23x100;
very cheap.
$1950 — Five-room cottage, fruit, garden; lot
67x150; fine location.
$2100— Five-room new cottage; lot 40x113; two
blocks from station.
J8000 — Ten-m.irn modern cottage; fine grounds;
lot 45x150.
$4800^ — Nine-room 2-story house; lot 74x130;
stable and windmill.
t"OR EXCHANGE.
Modern 7-room house.
Apply A. R. DENKE. 1400 Webster St.. Ala-
meda.
FOR sale — Huslness property In Oakland; good
Investment: l> per cent net on money Invest-
ed: alao in Alameda a brand new 8-room
house: ur> to date. CHAS. ADAM3 & CO..
Bay Station. Alameda; phone Paru 1S11.
FOR sale — ?1SCO; easy terms: lodging-house or
27 rooms, choice location, paying average of
$125 per month above rent; with little outlay
will ray better. J. L. HANLEY. 1310
Park street.
WE want to rent to you a 5-C-7-8 or 9-roor.i
home. Why? Because if you live hero a
few months you will surely buy a home la
our beautiful city. W. K. CONGER & CO .
1501 Park at.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
I'nited States or Canada one year for 11.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
ON TO BEAUTIFUL BERKELEY.
Have you tried the "Key" route, running be-
tween San Francisco and my office? Only 3(J
minutes between the two points. Don't be a
back number. Keep up with the times. Coras
and let me show you that 2-story. 7-room house
and bath, hot and cold water. ga« and electric
lights, everything modern; either cash or In-
stallments.
Do you want to make 250 per cent on your
investment? It has been done in Berkeley and
through this office, and here Is another chance
I have 210 feet of fine, level land, with a splenl
did vl«fw, which I can sell for $3 per front foot
This Is an investment worthy of your considera-
tion.
"Come where my love lies dreaming" of that
well built 6-room house and bath; very con-
veniently situated and only $2400.
$10.000— A gentleman's home near the new
Country Club grounds.
Fine house of Its rooms, large stables etc •
3\-i acrea of land; worth seeing. *
JOSEPH J. MASON. Real Estate.
Cor. Shattuck . ave. and Center st.. Berkeley.
ALLEN & ELLIS SPECIALS. — -
JAi£2~ PreUy 4 - ro °Bi cottage, close In.
J2C0O— Nice 6-room cottage; near cara.
i $2673 — New colonial 6-?oom house, near uai-
$32W>— Dandy new 6-room. house; nlc* loca-
tion.
$3S0O— Elegant new 7-room house; choice lo-
cation; east of Telegraph. «««"> w
$4000— Very nice new 8- room home; cholco
location.
*^ 25 ?^ Good 10 - roo «» house la fine location;
east of Shattuck; snap.
$5250^ — Handsome 10-room house; nice loca-
tion; near university.
ALLEN & ELLIS. 2129 Center St.. Berkeley.
ALL GOOD BUYS.
$1200— 5- room house, bath, toilet, fine well-
street work done; cement walk; lot 40xll0 :
fenced: $4OO cash, balance $15 per month
$1j0O— 4-room house, bath and toilet; inaJa
street; gas. high basement; rents now for $1"
Pe t'HK_- t m : $3( *> cash - _*iance $15 per , month.
$-000— Fine R-room house, high basement
well, chicken yard and house; swell locatioi-
$500 cash, balance $20 per month
$2S00— Great snap; beautiful new 6-room
house: porcelain bath, gaa and all conveniences-
fine location: street work complete; $200 cash'
balance $25 per month.
W. C. MORAN. Lortn Station, or
C. C. EMSLIE. Ashby Station.
$800— A BARGAIN: 4-room cottage: lot 23x
130: street work complete: well and pump.
$1500 — One acre; one block of station, one
block and a half from electric cara; a big-
snap.
$2500— Business corner, large size; well
worth $3500; street work complete.
$2000— A large store la a jood location; lot
25x100; easy terms.
$2C30— A 7-room house, nearly new; lot 50x
14O; street work complete.
L. J. MORAN St CO..
2131 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley.
ALL eyes on Berkeley— Past rapid growth will
be doubled by clean and rapid service of new
ferry: buy st once; special bargains:
. ?600—30x133: Improved street; convenient
to Ashby station.
$700— oe_170; only 5 blocks from Aahby sta-
tion.
$2OX) — Modem 2-story house. 6 rooms, bath
hall.tlntedwalls; Improved street: $25O cash'
$JoOO— Elegant, elaborately finished colonial
house, 8 rooms and bath: a gem; flr.e neigh-
borhood; $500. balance like rent
H. D. IRWIN. Lori- station
~ Uy " eT «^^
$400— 40-foot lots, one block from car lln--
factory site: en water front and railroad Thsa
Berkeley; $10 per front foot. rauroad - We «
3 acres, near town line; e-room house well
_am. fruit trees, etc.; near electric car,"-
$2COO; owner's health falling; must be sold at
CHENEY & BERRY.
r Tcstofflce B'oek. Berkeley.
TWO AND ONE-HALF <2^)lc7e S land: larsa
dwelling, stable, carriage house chlrkpn
ho.«. s . etc.; in foothill district, near Oak-
land and Berkeley: warm belt: no wind: cli-
mate suitable ror •Invalid; fine trees and
flowers: price $.«CCO: a gentleman's* horn-;
will show property by arpotntment BEHKr-
Se R De A rg^-^^^ «-
F °o? £»a^fy r eV?£n\£e7 S^
£™. .. n ?, I". C " : aI "° "-room modern
house; all walls tinted, ceilings in hall, din-
ing-room and parlor frescoed, call on or
address owner. C. E. BATDORF "101 Ward
. St.. near Telegraph ave.. Berkeley.
StSF&lI* t CrM . : t r^ 00^^. barn, mill
_£2 J--J5: etC " $1(:0O: * lso choice business
H-ArsCIS FERFlIEn. Real Fstate 21"!
Shattuck ave.. BERKELEY STATION.
B/ f££ A l£n _? house » and lots; 30 minutes
, DOCK & CO.. Lorin itatlon. Berkeley.
j K1SAL ESTATE — CITY FOR SAI.K.
LYON & HOAG.
110 Montgomery st.
Send for our printed list of property for sale
In all sections of the city.
A GOOD INVESTMENT.
$9,500 — 2 swell flats on Union St.. containing
7 and H rooms; rent SjSO; bost portion of
the street; commands a good marine
view. I
ANOTHER BARGAIN IN FLATS.
$7,5OO~Rents $63; 2 fiats in th2 Western Ad-
! dltlon. inside of Flllmore ct. ; lot 3uxliW.
1 BARTLETT-ST. FLATS.
$4,250 — Rents $37; contain 4 and i rooms and
bath; lot _3:10xll7:a
A SACRIFICE.
$1.850 — Bay-window cottage on Twenty-fifth
St., between Dolores and Church; fi
rooms und bath; lot 20x114.
A HANDSOME NEW HOME.
$5,500 — 25th St., r.car Guerrero; contains S
large, sunny rooms; all the latest con-
veniences; key lot. 2.->xlC(i: this house
was built for a home and no expense
, was spared; best residence section of
*¦ the city.
THREE ACRES.
$4,500 — 19th-ave. boulevaru, close to the Ingle-
slde electric cars; a fine tract, sur-
rounded by beautiful evergreen, trees;
a gocd srot for a resort.
A fine large corner. 100x200. for
$2oOO; corner of the Corbett and
Trocadero roads; a stone's throw from
Ingleslde electric cars; beautifully
wooded.
A GOOD SPECK LATI ON.
$22,000 — Almnst a 50-vara. lot on Sansome st..
2 blocks from the water front; present
improvements rent for $1U5; change
of grades and the building of tunnels
as contemplated under the bond Issue
will certainly increase the value of |
this property 100 per cent. i
VALENCIA-ST. RESIDENCE. •
$7,000 — Valencia St.. near 21st: bay-window
house, containing 8 rooms; modern,
plumbing, etc.: lot 23x100; Valencla-
ot. values are Increasing rapidly.
ELEGANT FLATS ON ELLIS ST.
$17,000— Rent fl"0; 8 substantially-built flats
on part of lot which has double front-
age; the rear portion is unimproved.
POLK-ST. PROPERTY.
$3,750 — Contains 4 rooma and bath; also sta-
ble; jood size lot.
I PAYS ALMOST 12 PER CENT.
$0,000— Perry st., close to Harrison and Third;
4 flats.
A BARGAIN SOUTH OF MARKET.
$3,000— Bryant St., near Third; 4 flats: large
lot; almoet CO-foot front; run* through
to rear street; rents very low at $60.
NEW TWO-STORY HOUSES NEAR THE :
j PARK. ON EASY TERMS.
$8,500 each; handsome new residences con- j
talnlng b rooms and bath each; on 1
Khrader st.. near Carl; houses are ex- I
t-eptlonally well arranged and have,
hard wood-finished paneled dining- j
rooms and beamed ceilings; plenty of ;
light and sun; good car service; this
price Includes street work.
LYON & HOAG.
116 Montgomery st.
ONLY 16 LOTS LEFT
IN THE NEW BLOCK '
BOUNDED BY
HAIGHT.
WALLER.
ASHBURY.
MASONIC.
Every lot oir gTade of str*>et: choicest prop-
erty in ramous Panhandle restrict.
Price $2650 to $3000.
Terms, 1-5 cash.
Balance 1, 2, 3 and 4 years.
Goinr rast.
16 lots sold during past week.
LYOX & HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
BUY A HOME. STOP PAYING RENT.
Look at those fine cottages on Preclta ave.
(only 2 left>. west of York st.; take Folscm-st. j
car; lot 30x150: prices small, terms easy; open
Sundays from 3 to 5 p. m. Address owner.
WILLIAM MANN. 40 New Montgomery st.
FOR sale or rent — Modern cottage. 6 rooms and ,
bath. 2925 Webster st., near Union. j
FOR sale— 3 fine flats. 2011-13-15 Pine St.. bet.
Laguna and Buchanan. Apply 05 Third st.
FINE Income flats on Fulton, nr. City Hall;
j reasonable. Inquire 142 Fulton st.. owner.
. |
MODERN cottages; finished complete with !
every convenience; easy terms; large lots.
4 rooms — $29<X>.
6 rooms — $3250.
& rooms — $35C0.
6 rooms — $3600.
7 rooms— $4100.
8 rooms— $4600.
Located on First and Second are., bet.
Geary and McAllister *t. car* and one blo:k i
north of park. F. NELSON, builder.
BARGAIN — Two handsome new residences of i
6 rooms and bath; sunny, modern and up to
date In every particular; Nos. 966 and D6S
Clayton at., near Golden Gate Park: price- ;
$5100 and $5400. Apply R. D. CRANSTON
& SONS, 114 Montgomery at.
BUILD on your unimproved realty: we loan j
full cost imprOv. and part lot at 6 per cent, j
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building, j
FOR sale or rent — Modern cottage, 6 rooms and
batH. 2925 Webster st. ;
CHEAPEST and best In America — The "Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address lp the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
REAL ESTATE: Country — For Sale. I
NOTICE TO EMPLOYES.
A rare chance for parties earning a small
salary to get themselves a nice country
home.
$400— $100 down. $25 a month, will buy 10
acres of choice citrus fruit, berry, table or
wine grape land in the Whitaker & Ray
Colony, Sacramento County, IS miles from .
capital of State. ' j
2000 acres sold. 1500 planted; good school
and close to railroad station. QUIGGLE.
care WHITAKER & RAY CO.. 723 Market
St.: hours, 9 to 10 a. m., 4 to 5 p. m., or
address box 15. Gait.
$400. $200 DOWN—
10 acres of choice berry land in Sacramento
County, close to school and in good neighbor-
hood.
$800, $400 down— 20 acres alfalfa land under ;
good ditch, Sacramento County. |
For rent — Improved grain and dairy ranches I
in San Joa^iuin'and Sacramento counties. •
For sale cheap — Fine home In city of Santa
Crus.
QUIGGLE. 723 Market st.. care Whitaker & j
P.ay Co., 9 to 10 a. m., 4 to 5 p. m., or ad-
dress box 15. Gait.
STOCKMEN or speculators^ — {
2C6O acres. $0 an acre;
10 miles from Sacramento city.
All adjoining land held at
$16 to $20 Der acre.
All fenced and cross-/enced.
Moderate Improvements.
Western Pacific will go
through or close to the tract.
It will sell in 40-acre
tracts at $20 an acre.
It has always been farmed for wheat.
Come and see It.
WRIOHT & KIMBROUOH. 603 J at.
2 ACRES land, adjoining Union Park. Colma: I
fenced hedges around land: good house:
chicken-house*, water: reasonable: chickens,
ducks. R. S. THORNTON. 416 Examiner bid.
$10 A MONTH buys a ten-acre farm twelva
. miles from Sacramento; write for booklet;
It's free. WRIOHT te KIMBROUOH. 603
J St.. Sacramento. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 643 ',
Market at.
HEALTH; mountain fruit ranch: climate and
water grand for lunar and kidney trouble;
chance to make money. See owner. 3009 22d.
ALFALFA our specialty: best alfalfa Und at
$20 per acre; ditch and artesian water. P.
H. JORDAN CO.. 110 Montgomery St.
BUY & cheap home; send stamp for list; chirk-
en ranche*. alfalfa, stock, fruit and general
farms. W. J. WHITE, 28 Montgomery st.
IF you want a stock ranch, dairy or colonisa-
tion tract, write CHAS. W. COE ft CO.. 43
West Santa st.. San Jose. Cal.
TWO houses and lot with barn, paying 10 per
cent: reasonable : easy payments. Address
box B. Call branch, 300 Hayes st. v K
FORTY acres; fine house, barn and well; fine
vine land; Livermore Valley. Box 3402. Call.
FOR poultry and dairy ranches yielding a good ;
profit. HAMILTON A KENDRICK.Petaluma. j
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent* — The Weekly Call.
¦ lfi pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per rtur
BAN MATEO REAL ESTATE.
SAfI MATEO. BURLINGAME. '
Best suburban homes near San Francisco;
no ferry: electric railroad now running; lots i
and residences for sale. We can sell good
lots as low as $500 each. We will be glad to '
show them. We also have some acreage land
near by as low as $100 to $200 per acre.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 Montgomery at., San Francisco. Resi-
dent agent. S. G. GOODHUB. Western
Union Tel. Bldg.. San Mateo.
FOR sale or lease— 2 new Colonial cottages. 6
i rooms and bath; Oak st., near Poplar, San
Mateo.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
$2,500— COTTAGE home In San Francisco-
want email Improved ranch worth S17V>*
$6.000— Home in Oakland; want Income pron
erty in San Francisco or Oakland
$12,000— Model home in Oakland; want "orana-e
grove In Southern California. oran K«
I have a large list of houses and ranches fo-
sale and exchange. Call or write aronee A
A. LANE. 515 Mills building. San Fr2ncIs<S:
RANCH, town or city property, with cash fni.
city home. BELOATE, room ___ f rrn°» i
building. N ' ° a9 ' Parr ««
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE M^. oMEpy __.
$10,250— Clay st., near Jones; 3 modern flats,
5-C-8 rooms and bath; renta $1050 j>er
annum; always rented. - ¦
$9,000— Minna St.. near Sixth; 4 flats, renting
for $<50 per month; 3-5 rooms and bath;
lot 25x80 feet; must be sold.
$5 0C0 — Sutter at., near Devlsadero; fine lot
to build on; 40:6x100 feet.
$32,500— Larkin St., near McAllister; grand lot.
00xS7:0 ft ; would be ideal location for
stores and apartment-house or hotel;
mortgage of $13,100 can remain; must be
sold; make offer.
$7,000— Pr««ldlo Heights corner, 3->Xl0i :B ft.,
positively the biggest bargain for a
tunny corner lot in this district; both
htruets biturninlzed; side sewers, bulk-
head and Btone sidewalks.
$10,000— Vallejo st., near Leavenworth; 3 mod-
ern fiats one year old; 6 rooms and bath
each; lot 27:tixl-'7:tJ ft.; rents lor $8* 50
monthly. .
$8,200— Howard-st. investment; rents $64 50
monthly; lot 25x$5 ft.; near Eighth at,;
substantial improvements.
$ll,0CO— Reduced iron. »12.5CV; Clay st.. near
Buchanan; beautiful 10-roomed resi-
dence; every modern Improvement; %
block frcn; public square; lot 25x100 ft:
Is belnjr sold at the above figure to ef-
fect an immediate sale.
$35,000 — Fillraor*, corner Sacramento: otfs
. oftho best Investments in the market:
handsome lot to improve.
$S,000— Central ave.. mar Pacific ave.: ele-
gant marine view; lot 40x00 feet, %
block from Presidio gate; ready to build
<n; is belntr offered at above low fig-
ure to effect quick Bale. ¦
$4,250 each — Jackson st.. sunny side, near
Baker: lota 27:6xl27:SVi feet each; fin-
est location in Western Addition for
n.-oderti flats; flats in this neighborhood
will rent for $«0, $60 and $70.
$21, 0CO— Fifth St.. near Folsom; new building,
store and lod.lng-house; rents for $175
per month; lodging-house has 4S rooma
and bath; five-year lease; mortgage $12.-
0(,0 can remain; all repairs made by
tenants; one of the best investment*
on the market.
$30,CC0— Nob Hill residence; substantial two-
story attic and basement residence; 12
rooms and 2 baths; electric lighting;
good stable; lot 50x127 :t> feet.
$20,000 — New Presidio Heights residence: first
floor; contains larze reception hall and
living, room, dining room, breakf-fet
room, kitchen and butler's pantry. Up- j
Per floors: Contain 5 bed rooma and
bath. al.«o billiard room. Basement:
Contains ball room, laundry, servants'
room, turnace. etc.; house just com-
pleted and eold on account of owner's de-
parture from city; lot 4uxl'_7:8V4 feet.
$45,C0O— O'Farrell-st. corner, down town; three
frontages; old Improvements renting for i
$15h per month; lot 50x90 ft.; mortgage I
cf $25,CcO at 0 per cent can remain. ;
$0.150 — Mission st.. near 20th; store and 6
rconis; lot 2hxl22 ft.: make offer.
$8,250 — Sutter St.. near Gough; house of S
I rooms and bath; rent $50; lot 25x110 ft.
$2,200 — Northwest corner of Castro and Alva-
rado sts.: lot 50:0x105 feet; elegant
view of city.
$31.750— Fourth st., near Mission; lot 2S:10x
! £2:6 ft.: rents nominal; should bo Im-
! i roved. . .
$3,250— Lake st.. near Eighth ave.; lot 65x72
feet to public park.
$9,C00 — Income $!MX> cross psr annum; 2 ne-r
modern flats on sunny sjde of Sacra-
mento st.; will pay 8 per cent net; lots
L'5xlCO fe«t.
$7.200— Presidio HefgMs residence; Locust St..
, near Jackson;. almost new; 2-story, base-
ment and attic: 7 rooms and bath and
basement: 3 bedrooms and aUo room for
servant; lot 25x112:6 feet.
$4,500— Presidio Heights residence lot: Clay
• at., sunny side, marine view; near Lo-
l cust st.: size 30x127 :8U feet.
I $35,000 — Misslon-st. corner; 100 ft. front; pays
over 10 per cent net; stores and apart-
ment houre above; fine Investment.
$8,100— Sutter St., near Deviyadero; substan-
tial residence: stable; large lot; 59:3V«x
114 feet; or will sell 34:3x114 feet for
$C5C0.
$30,000 — 3-story and basement brick building.
P.atttry St.; one tenant: leased five years
at $175 monthly; pays 63-10 per ceut
net: lot 40x04 feet.
$17,000— Flllmore St.. near McAllister: fine
modern flate. 7-8 rooms and bath each;
rents $127 50 per month; lot 25x87:0 ft.
$6,000 — Webster »t., near Clay; 2-story bay-
window house of 7 rooms and bath; lot I
25x90 feet to rear street. '
$7,C0O— Broadway, this side or Van Ness ave.;
2 modern flats of 0-5 rooms and bath;
lents $53; a pick-up.
Get a copy of our printed list of properties
for sale.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO.,
Real Estate Agents.
218-220 Montgomery st.
BOVEE. TOY & CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
117 Montgomery, street. Opp. Occidental Hotei
HAYES VALEEY BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$20,000— Pays over 8 per cent net: Hayes St.,
north side; substantial 3-story building,
store below, flats above; also 3 flats on
Ivy ave.; all in good condlton: lot has
frontage of over 35 feet with a depth
" of 120 feet; 2 rrontaees.
BARGAIN IN WESTERN ADDITION
CORNER.
$8,500 — Rents $72 per month; Eddy st. cornst;
' stores and flata above; size of lot 2Sx
100 feet.
i BEST BUY SOUTH OF MARKET.
! $3,500— Rents $82 50 per month; close to Sixth
and Howard sts. ; modern 3-story bldg.;
lmpts. consist of store and flats above
of 5 and 0 rooms and bath each; good-
sized lot.
BUSINESS PROPERTY IN MISSION,
i $G,OCO — On the best portion of upper Mission
; fit., close to 21st: store and 3 rooms and
2 upper flats of 5 rooms each; lot 24x00
feet; well rented; mortgage of $3000 at
6 per cent can remain.
BUSINESS CORNERS IN MISSION.
$0.000— N.E. corner on 15th st.. near Mission;
good 3-story bldg.. store and flats above;
rents ?61 per month.
$15,000— Rents $112 per month; can be in-
creased to $142 50 per month; lmpts.
consist of stores, flats and houses; lot
50x90 rcet.
MODERN FLATS.
. $11, .ICO — Rents $100 per month; Union st.. nortn
side, close to Webster: 3 new flats of G
and 7 rooms ar.d bath each; Just finished
$11,000— Rents $107 50 per month; Ashbury
Heights, close to Park Panhandle; 3 ele-
gant flats of tf-6-7 rooms and bath each;
always rented: good-size lot.
$12,500 — Turk-st. corner; impts. consist of 3
choice flats or ti rooms and bath each-
rents $00 per month.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCES.
$7,175 — Devlsadero-rt. residence of 11 rooms;
2 baths'; In good condlton, with stable
. in rear.
$8,500— Baker St.. near California: rents $75
per month: two 2-story houses of 8
rooms and bath: lot 32:6x82:6 feet.
WESTERN ' ADDITION LOTS.
$3,000 — Devlsadero st., size 27:6x90 feet.
$12,500— PIne-st. corner; size 62:6x100 feet.
$3,200— Gouph. near Vallejo; size 27x100 feet.
$7. COO— Broadway, near Gough st., north side.
27x137:6 feet.
$."..0OC— HalKht St.. near Broderick: 25x120 ft.
$3.250 — Hj-de Ft., near Union; 2 frontages.
Further particulars of
BOVEE. TOY St CO.,' 117 Montgomery st.
~ r. d. Mcelroy,
real estate agent.
Boom 4. Phelan Building. 806 Market Street.
$3750 — S.E. cor. Fillmore-Lombard. 37:6x87:6.
$2250 — N.E. cor. FIUmore-Moulton. 27:0x87:6.
$!)0C0— N.E. cor. Flllmore and Fell, 50x78.
$2400— N.W. cor. Webster- Lombard. 27:6x107:4.
$1700— E. Flllmore. near Lombard, 27:6x87:6.
$1500 — N. Lombard, near Flllmore, 27:6x107:6.
$1400 — W. Webster, near Lombard, 30x137:6.
$2S50— N. Waller, near Stelner, 25x137:6.
$2750—8. Golden Gate, nr. Deviaadero. 25x137:6.
TO leasn or for sale — 4% acrea; near Ban Ma-
teo. Particulars call '313 Langton st,, near
Seventh. 9 to 10 a. m.
ONLY $3000.
Cheapest block of land in this city.
600x240 feet: 00 lots.
Beautiful trees. Close to cars and school.
Biggest bargain on the market.
HERMAN MURPHY.
C01-602-603 Examiner bulldlnar.
SAVE $5
PER MONTH
By buying a lot In the growing: city of Rich-
mond, where are located the Standard Oil
Company. 8anta Fe Railroad terminal, tho
Southern Pacific R. R. belt warehouses and
manufacturing plants. All level. Streets
graded. Mapa free.
RICHMOND LAND COMPANY,
Crocker building. San Francisco.
JOSEPH STRAUB. 630 Market st.
$2100— Cor. Twenty-fifth and Wisconsin sts.;
new cottace of 4 rooms, bath and basement;
good location for grocery: $300 down, $15 month.
$1750— Fine new cottage of 4 rooms, bath and
basement: $300 down. $15 a month; Wisconsin
St., near Twenty-fifth.
$30,000— 3-STORY pressed brick and basement
building In the very center of Oakland; lease
for five years under guarantee lease; paying
owner 6 per cent net on $50,000. Address
Owner, box 843. Call office. Oakland.
FOR sale — As a whole or In subdivisions; 50-
vara lot. south line Union at.. 137 :ii feet east
of Pierce; lot northeast corner Green and
Pierce ata.; lot 103:fixl37:8 reet. Inquire of
CHARLES C. BEMIS. Real Estate Broker
221 Sansome-st.
FOR Bale— $10,000; a home that cannot b«
duplicated; 679 Waller at., adjoining Duboce
Park, which makes this a corner rtraidence-
plenty of sun and light. See thla at once.
Q. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
A— $6000; RENTS $672 PER ANNUM: FOUR
flats of 4 rooms and bath each; building 2
years old: pays 11 per cent gross: a bargain.
HENRY STERN of DAVID STERN & SONS
It Montgomery st.
ARE you looking for a' home?. We will bullj
it for you; If you see a home to buy. we will
loan you the money to buy It. or build at 6
per cent. PACIFIC HOME BUILDING CO.,
11 Montgomery et. ;;
THE^CALL
JOEH P. SPRECXEI.B. Proprietor.
ittits coiigimc.ticai to JGHM kcsadght, Maisgsr
TELEPHONE.
Ack for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department You Wlsh.
Publlcation Office Market and Third. T$. F.
Editorial Roorca "17 to 221 Stevenson st-
Dellvered by Carriers. 20 Cta. Per Week, 73
Ct*. Per Month. Single Coptea 5 Cents.
Terma by Mall. Including Postage (Cash With
Order) :
DAILY CALL (lTiclud. Sunday). 1 year.. $8. 00
DAILY CALL dnclud. Sunday). 6 mot.. 4.«'-C
DAILY CALL— Ily Single Month 75c
EINDAT CAI-U 1 Y»ar 2.60
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year 1.00
FORE-rv Pally.. ..$.S. 80 Per Year Extra
A^iir^ Sunday.. 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. Weekly.. 1.00 Per Year Extra
AIX POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Cample Co:>les will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mall «ubscTib«ra In orderinr change cf ad-
dreas should be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to Insure a
prompt aci correct compliance with their re-
quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1118 Broadway Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY OFFICE:
Z148 Center Street Telephone North 77.
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTON E. CRANE 14Ott G Street. N. W.
NEW TORK NCWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Howl: A. Brentano. SI
Union Fqr.are: Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-ave-
nue Hotel and Efoffmu House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman Houye; 1'. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Horp 1 : Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPUESENTATIVE.
C GEORGE KROGNEPS. .Marquette Build's
(Long Dlitar.ee Telephone, "Central 2619.")
ICEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. FMITH SO Tribune Building
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call corner Market an1 Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
HRANCH OFFICER:
r.27 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open un-
til 9:30 p. m.
TOO Hayee Mrret: open until 9:30 p. m.
CM McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
ri 5 Larkln street; or«-n until 9:30 p. m.
1341 Minion Ftr'tt; o;tn until 10 p. m.
22C1 Mark«t Ftreet. corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 r>. m.
10«J Kieventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1006 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast comer Church and Duncan streets;
op*n until 9 p. m.
Northwest i-orr.er of Twenty-second and
Kentucky creels; open until 0 p. m. .
SSfi' F:llrr.<>re ftrect; o;«-n until 9 p. m. ]
ItEAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE- !
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
_5 I'uRt st.
$7,500— Pierre St., nr. Hai.ht: rent $52 50; 2
flats.
$7,000— <)_k ft.; lot 20:0x120 to rear street; 2
cottages.
$4,500 — McAllister M. ; 2 flats; modern; lot 25x
137 X: rent $:'.'i.
$».C0O— Lyon fct., nr. McAllister; rents $73; 3
flats.
$5.000 — L,\on Ft., nr. CJeary; 2 flats; rents J45. |
$4,500— Lyon St., nr. California; rent $43; 2 j
flatr.
$7,000— Lake «.. nr. :!i ave.; new building; 2
flat*; rents $t;L' 50; lot 30x100.
$5.000— J_tkton-Ft cor.. Presidio Heights dis-
trict; marine view; _ flats: rents &>5 50. i
$7.500 — Grove-st. corner: lot 31:tixO0; 2 flata uf j
6 and 7 fonmis and bath each.
$4,00<> — Frederick fct., nr. Ashbury; bay-win- i
dow cottage of 5 rooms and bath; high I
bawmi-nt ; yard; lot 23x100:6.
$C,3."0— Frederick st.. nr. Ashbury; 2 splendid !
flate; rent* $:X«O: lot 25x110:6.
$12.000— Fell st_ nr. Market; rents $30; eplen-
did Improvements.
$8.800— -Eddy-st. business corner; lot 2Sxl00;
rents $71: storen and fiats.
W.00O— Kddy-ft. <orner; 2 flats; rents $43.
$]0,00i>— L<ev:side:o st.. nr. Geary; 2 flats; rent*
$T5 U>; lot 27:Cxl<M>.
$4.000 — Clement Et.; 4 flats of 4 rooms each;
rents $4<>; lot 25xlt>0.
$7,000— Fell «.. nr. Market; lot 27:6x120 to
rear street, frame buildings; rents $45.
llS.fXK) — Broderick st.. nr. Clay; key lot; splen- j
did light and tun; new building; 3 flats -
rents $IW; lot 27:0x110.
$£.000 — Uroderick st., nr. California; 2 flats;
rer.ta $65.
$5,250 — Buchanan st, nr. Sutter; 2 flats of 5 j
rooms and bath each. i
$12,500— Hrt.aiway. nr. Van Ness ave. Mot 45:10 I
xl37:«; 7-room house and cottage of t>
rooms. i
$S.25O — Baker et.. nr. California; 2 houses ot S !
rooms and bath each; rents $70; lot 32x :
&2:C.
$3.250 — Kromir.er.t ccraer within 80 feet of i
Mieslon and 8th sts. ? well improved; cor- [
ntr store with rooms, flat above and i
house adjoining: rents $79 per month —
low; always rented.
$4,500 — RentB $41 per month; Clementina St.,
nr. Mh: 4 flats, well rented; lot 25x75.
$3.300 — Alvarado et.. nr. Noe. new house 6 !
rooms and bath, just completed; lot 25:0 '
xll4; only one left: terms can be ar-
ranged; open for inspection.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
25 Post at.
NELSON, JOHNSON & CO.
205 Montgomery St.. opp. Mills Bldg.
A FEW SELECTED BARGAINS.
$5250— Rents $<M2; 37:6 frontage; 5 well-built I
flat*; perfect condition; only few feet
from best business block on Sixth st.
$7000 — Key lot. 25x100; Golden Gate ave; !
choicest block; 2 elegant, modem, sunny I
fiats of 6 and 7 rooms and bath.
$5500— Rents $(142; 37 :« frontage; 4 well-built
flats: new plumbing; perrect condition.
$S500 — Rents $372: Sacramento st; very large
lot with 4 Hats and cottace; new and up- j
to-date: very choice neighborhood.
$C500 — Choice inside flats, one Dock Market St.; 1
2 well-built flats, 5 and 6 rooms and bath.
$7500 — Howard et., right downtown; north
side; reduced from $10,000 to force sale '
this week; a big speculation.
$7500 — Elegant up-to-date residence of 9 rooma
and bath; flooded with Kunshine; only few
steps from Park panhandle. >
$6750 — Oak st.. close in; 2 very welt-built, sun-
r.y flats, 5 and € rooms and bath.
$4500— Rer.ta $57ti; 4 attractive flats; best
block on Twenty-second Et.
$27,000 — Right downtown; f>5xl20 ft.; 2 front-
nx'-y. the only lot of its eire In the heart
of the downtown apartment house sec-
tion.
$0500— Lot 30x107:6; 2 attractive bay window I
flats of € and 7 rooms and bath, near !
Haight and Scott. !
$K»00— Rents $SO4; all rented; never idle; 3
bay window flats of 4. 6 and 6 rooms and
bath: good condition: on very choice small
bitutnlnlzed «st. ; nr Fillmore and O'Farrell.
$7250 — I»t 2f.xl20. 2 frontages, near Buchanan
and Ha'.rht: 2 modern flats of 5 and C
rooms and bath; also cottage.
$•5750— Kl'gant Twenty-first street residence; 7
twm» and bath, reception hall; yard, gar-
den; every conceivable modern improve-
ment.
NELSON. JOHXSON & CO.
2C5 Montgomery St.. opp. Mllla Bldg.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Never Before Were Lota Sold so Fast!
Why? Because they are choiceat and cheapeat.
$£00 to *1SOO — Every lot graded for bu tiding -
fronting .boulevard, park, ocean and cars; un-
obstructed ocean view from every lot- don't
mis* this opportunity for bargains; see them
to-day; easy terms.
' $75 to $300— Near park and ocean; $3
rr.or.thly.
Ocean-lde Branch Office on 49th ave. and K
st. Open Sundays.
$500 to $1000— New lots In Sunset District'
graded and sewered; near cars; $10 monthly. '
Sunset Branch Office on 9th ave.. Near H *t.
$150 $200 and *30O— Level Excelsior Home-
stead lota; near electric cara; $5 monthly.
$1000. $1500. $3500 and $5000— « 5. 6 and 8
room modern cottages and houses In Sunset-
Richmond Oceanside and Excelsior Home-
stead! All bargains! Easy terms.
SOL GETZ A SON. Owner* and Dealers.
P_x>m 54. Chronicle Building.
SMALL caeh payment ' ~~ ~~"
$6 45 monthly.
Balance paid
fry tenants. •
Two new flata.
Richmond district.
» Rented under
ruar__teed leases. ;
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Pest t t
LOOKING for lots? ~~ "
Send for our list.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st.
POTRERO ave. and Twenty-third.
New 5-room cctta~e.
Easy terms.
OSCAR HEYMAX. 11 Post st.
iCEW flats for sale on ICth at.. -iear Church-
rented at $10K0 a y«ar;'apply premises.
DAVID CONDON, builder and owner.
UNION »t.. 2237 — 10-room new colonial house;
beamed, paneled natural woeds; lot 25x137:6.
REAL ESTATE CITV — FOR. SALE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 MONTGOMERY ST.
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
Of Investment, residence and unimproved
properties will be held at our salesroom. MON-
DAY. NOVEMBER «. 1003. at 12 o'clock noon.
REFEREE SALE.
773-5-7 Bush St.. bet. Powell and Mason; im-
provements consist of 3 flats of 6-5-11 rooms
¦ and bath each; rents $74 per mo.; 22x84; sub-
J«ct to conflrm-tkn by the Surerlor Court.
CLEMENTINA -ST. INVESTMENT.
'No. 1.
322 Clementina tt.. north line, near Fourth
St.; Improvement* consist of a 2-story frame
dwelling of a rooma and bath; rented low at $25
per month.
No. 2.
o24 Clementina et.; Improvements conslrt of a
cottage of C rooms; rented low at $13 pe*
month.
BUCHANAN-ST. RESIDENCE.
1623 Buchanan St., bet. Post and Geary; Im-
provements consist of a 2- story dwelling t)f 7
rooms and bath; rents $37 50 per mo.; lot 24x
S7:6.
BRYANT-ST. INVESTMENT.
812 Bryant St.. north line. bet. «Jth and 7th.:
improvements connltt of 4 tenements; rents $40
per month; let 25x75.
CHOICE nUILDING LOT.
Page at., near Clayton; unimproved lot. 25x
137:6; level and ready to build on.
FOI>SOM-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
1227 Folsom St.. bet. 8th and 9th: Improve-
ments consist of 2-»tory dwelling of S rooms
and bath and 2 rear flata cf 3 rooms eachLrents
$43 per month; lot 2.'ix!)0.
DOWNTOWN PROPERTY. *
625 Howard «t.. bet lut and 2d; old Improve-
ments consi«t of double houfe of C rooms; rents
nominal; lot 20x83; splendid holding to Im-
prove.
M. LANDERS ESTATE.
The following five properties must be sold to
close the above estate:
No. 1.
S24 Photwell St.. wen line. bet. 22d and 23d;
I Improvements consist of a substantial 2-story
I residence of a rooms and bath, with stable and
i flat cf 4 roon;s ar.fi l>ath in rear; rents $50 per
month; 40x122 :G Irregular.
No. 2.
Shotwell «t.. w«-f-t line. b*-t. 22d and 23d sts. ;
I choice bulldin- lots; splendidly located in the
! Mii-Mon warm belt; ."> Iota, 27:«xl45 each.
No. .'!.
: Mission Ft.. «-a« line, l>et. 22d and 23d sts.;
! 2 kt!>, 25x112:0 each.
No. 4.
i Market st.. southeast line, bet. Dolores and
! Church Pt*.; unimproved let, 25x100; splendid
holding for enhancement
No. 5.
Lot No. 3 f.f bkK-k No. 2S4. South San Fran-
I eiwo and Railroad Homestead Association, 7fix
ICO.
For further particular* of the above and for
; catalogue apply
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 Montgomery st.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 MONTGOMERY ST.
$62,500 — Business corner on Larkin st. ; rent-
ing for $t50T(t per annum; under 5 yeans'
lease: larre lot.
$26,000— O'Farrell St.. inside of Leavenworth;
34:44xl.'J7:0; old Improvements; fine site
for fctort-e and hotel.
$25,000 — Fourth st. ; '1 stores and 4 flats of 7
rooms each: rents $152 50; bay windows,
brick foundation, etc.; 5Ux75.
$20,000 — An elegant house on California St.; 12
rooms. 2 baths and 2 Fervants' rooms,
etc; large lot, 34:4Vixl32:C.
$19,000— Sutter st.. north line; 3 flats of 8
rooms and bath each; bay windows,
brick foundation, etc.; rents $150; 27:Cx
112.
$12,500 — Rents $1170 per annum: business prop-
erty on Howard St.; store and 2 flats;
brick foundation, etc.: 25x00.
$3,000 — Webster St. near Haight; 3 flats of
7-G-fi rooms and bath; bay windows,
brick foundation, etc.; rents ?77 50; 25x
100.
For further particulars of the above and for
the Real Estate Record, containing a list of
properties for sale in all parts of the city. In-
quire at o-r office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
20 Montgomery »t..
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
DESIRABLE ninny building lots, close to Du-
boce Park; bitumtnlzed streets; lots level and
ready to build in; a rare chance to obtain a
holding admirably situated and clore to the
city at a very reasonabel figure. Diagram,
price and all further particulars at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 Montgomery at.,
Beal Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
McAFEE BROTHERS. ~~ ~
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
PANHANDLE COTTAGE.
New. modern, up-to-date, 7 rooms and bath;
only $4250.
20 LOTS. 20* LOTS.
Just put on the market: on Frederick St.. one
block from Stanyan. facing Into Golden Gate
Park; all ready to build on; a fine chance for
a builder; prices from $1250 to $1600; cheapest
lot* in the market. We will build residences
or flats to vuit on these lots.
Near the Presidio wall: fine lot. overlooking
the golf links; 30x120; $1800; street work done.
Marine view residence.
On Pacific Heights; splendid new 'residence,
commanding marine view; everything the very
best: hardwood floors, billiard-room, 2 baths,
furnace, etc.; price $15,000; an offer wanted.
PANHANDLE FLATS.
New modern flats, f> rooma each; all rented
for $56 50 monthly; price $5750.
MISSION COTTAGE.
Five rooms and bath; 2 lots. 60x121; near
Eighteenth; close to cars; only $2600.
Fine corner on Third st.. near Market; 70
feet frontage; frame buildings; renting for
$455 monthly; price $150,600.
THIRD STREET.
Between Folsom and Harrison; 25x80 feet-
rents $75; price $14,000.
McALLISTER-ST. LOT.
Between Scott and Devlsadero; 27:137-6:
only $3250.
FELL-ST. FLATS.
Fronting on the Park Panhandle, near Lyon
st.; 4 and 5 rooms; rent $46; lot 25x100 feet:
price $CCO0.
IN THE MISSION.
Two flats and two stores; lot 36:8x87:6; rent-
ed for $71; price $7200;' large mortgage.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
, 108 Montromery st.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
LARKIN-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$67,600 — Larkln st., near Geary; improved
with Hores and flats; renting for $450 per
month.
MISSION ST.. NEAR 16TH.
$22,500 — 75- foot lot; four 10-room houses:
with alight outlay will pay 1 per cent per
month.
LARGE DEVISADERO-ST. BUILDING LOT
$20,000—130x137:0. with old lmprovementa;
must be sold at once to close an estate.
COR.. OF ASHBURY AND FREDERICK STS
$10.000 — 61:6x110; NW. corner Aahbury and
Frederick eta. ; fine site for residence or flats.
NEW FILLMORE-ST. FLATS.
$9000— Four new bay-window flats of 4
rooms and bath each; renting for $85.
PINE-ST. FLATS.
$C000 — Pine at., near Van Ness ave.: 2 flata
and a cottage In good condition; renting for $13
per month.
MODERN* BAT-WINDOW FLATS.
$4500— Laguna st.. near Union; two modern
bay-window flats; renta $34.
MISSION HOME.
$4500—30x122:6; Capp at., near Eighteenth:
2-etory bay-window residence of 7 rooms and
bath, renting for $35 per month.
CORNER GEARY AND BRODERICK.
$4000 — 25x92; Improvements, flats renting for
$36 per month. f
MISSION FLATS.
$3250^ — Sanchez, near Twenty-fifth; 2 flats
of 5 and 6 rooms, renting for $25 per month.
DIAM0ND-ST. COTTAGE.
$2600—28x125; Diamond st.. near Eighteenth;
cottage, with stable; must be sold at once;
cheapeat bargain In the Mission.
FIFTY Iota, $100 each (will subdivide), in Visi-
tation Valley, a few blocks from Blanken's
roadhouse. on San Bruno road: near the
Eouth San Francisco car line; the best place
In the whole county of San Francisco for i
chicken, cows or hog ranches: no hills, no
fog. perfectly level; terms. $5 cash. $5 per
month: title guaranteed by the .Title Insur-
ance Company. S. DUCAS CO.. 646 Market
ct.. Chronicle bldg.
$100— LEVEL lots >n the Excelsior Homestead,
block 22, on Lisbon at., near Italy ave S
DUCAS CO.. 646 Market st.
$150— EXCELSIOR loU. block 9S, corner Brazil
and Prague ats. S. DUCAS CO.. 646 Market.
$2600— RENTS $3flO Der year; three 4-room
houses ; In splendid condition; always rented-
on Sixth ave.. near M st. (Butchertown):
must be sold at once; a great «nap for small
Investment. • S. DUCTAS CO.. 046 Market st.
$250 AND $2O month; cottage. 5 r and b on
-Diamond, bet. Jersey. Elisabeth. lif.th. Army
$4.'.0i>— 2 o*w fiats. 4-5 r. and b; Mission & 20th'
$i00 down; rents nays the balance.
I D. COFFIN & CO.. M03 Mission st
REAL. ESTATE-~CITV — FOR 8ALJD.
SPECK A CO..- __
• «07 MARKET ST.. bPP. KEARNY.
Real Estate Agents and Rent Collectors.
Full Charge Taken of Property.
SELECTED INVESTMENTS.
MUST BE SOLD.
$225,000— Magnificent downtown Ellis-at. cor-
ner; nearly 100 ft. frontage; 0 stores
and 60 roomi above; . good building;
giving leases and expending about $C000
will rent for $1350 per month; no
choicer buy In the market.
CORNER NEAR MARKET.
$130.000— Flrat-st. corner; new brick building.
10 years' leane to one tenant; 0400 aq.
feet floor anace; a very choice buy.
FOURTH-ST. TRANSFER CORNER.
$CJ,O0O— Main corner; 75x100 feet; etorea and
apartments above; pays tf per cent net;
very rate investment to hold.
WESTERN ADDITION CORNER.
$50,000 — 12 new, up-to-date flats; modern In
every respect: pays 15 per cent net by
assuming bank mortgago of $2.">,000 at
6% i«t cent interest: lot 87:0x84 feet;
0 blocks from new City Hall.
NORTHWEST CORNER.
$60,000— 13" :»jxl37:t>; substantial improve-
' menu; Injured for $20,000; mortgage
of $30,000 at r>^j per cent can remain;
pays S per cent- net.
LARKIX-.ST. BUSINESS CORNER.
$50,000 — 87 feet frontage; stores and lodging-
house: rays ti per cent net; offer of
$47.00<J retused; such downtown cor-
ners nre scarce.
BECOND-ST-. CORNER-
$49,000— One and a half blocks from Market
at.; 47 feet front; cheapest downtown
corner t<, he had near Market St.; a
ohanre. to make a turn at good ad-
vance.
TEN EARS' SECURED LEASE.
$47,.">OO— Corner; -tores rziA apartment- house,
W» inomo; fi-story bulldln.: 10 years'
secured lease; 1 tenant: $U0O annual
rents; will consider part exchange city
property; mortgage $2O.O0o; pays over
.S per cent net.
CHANCE FOR SPECULATORS.
$42,000— Lot 82x276; two frontages; 100 rooms;
rents $330; one tenant; can be easily
lea?«d at |4(x).
GOLDEN GATE AVE.
$23.500 — Golden Gale ave., nr. Van Ness: 42x
1£i>; 2 fronta.es; rents $144; can b«? in-
creased to $170; fine site for apartment-
'hoi's*.
POLK-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$22,000— Stores and lod_1np-liou.-.e; rents $105;
lot 30 -feet frontage; pays over 0 per
cent net.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
$10,500— O'FarreU st., t-a«t of Van Ness; pays
10 iw rent net by assuming ?!»<x)O bank
mortgage; rents $115; U>t _7:Uxl2O; two
frontages.
WAPHINGTON'-ST. RESIDENCE.
$15,000 — Modern IL'-room residence; marine
view; buildius alone coat more than
price asked; lot 4(<xl2S feet.
$12,500— Southeast coiner of Pine and Webster
sts.; (;'_:UxlC0; splendid site for flats.
$6,600— Three fine flats, vicinity ISth and
Castro; rents $58 a month: lot 25x125.
$1,400 — Corner lot, near Golden Gate Park;
25xlit» feet.
SPECK & CO., CC7 Market st.
C. M. WOOSTER CO.,
C. M. WCOSTER CO.,
C. M. WOOyTER CO..
C4S MARKET STREET
$3,200 — Rents $132: 3 well-built cottages; near
ISth and Castro: always rented: 7 years
old; excellent condition; larce lot; a |
great bargain. j
$3,500— Rents $4S0; .'> well-built flats of 4-5-C
rooms; brick foundation, etc.; near Sec-
ond and Hryant st«. ; always rented; lot
25x85; a enep. • I
$3,0CO— Handsome residence. C rocms and bath;
in rplendid condition; on Lexington av«.,
near Twentieth st.
$C5,000 — Golden Gate ave.. very close to Market
St.: K.S:9xl37:ti; grand site for an auto-
mobile repository.
$C,750 — Two new modern flats, half a block i
from Duboce Park; just completed; rents
$000.
$12,000 — 3 modern residences In first-class con-
dition; on Guerrero st., near 17th; shoulu
be converted Into flats; rents $1080; loi
50x80.
$3,100 — Cozy cottage. 5 rooms and bath; with
stable In rear for 3 horses; on <Tapp st,;
run> to rer.r street.
$26.0C0 — 3 new modern -fiats on O'Farrell St.,
close to l.arkln; lot 27:0x120, to rear
mreet: renta $22S0.
$7,CC0 — Handsome 2-story residence, 7 rooms
and bath: on Laguna st., near Ellis.
$C750 — Handsome, modern 2-story bay-window
residence. 7 rooms and bath; on Octavia
st., near Broadway; lot 25x137:0.
$18,500 — :i of the handsomest new modern fiats
In the city; on Franklin st. ; rents $1020.
$1,SOG — J30O cash, balance very easy; modern
well-built cottage. 4 rooms, bath, etc.;
in A1 condition; near »'Jth and Sanchez;
lot 25x114.
: $10, W0 — ( new. elegant, modern, up-to-date
flats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath each;
all rented, paying over 1 per cent per
month; fronts 35 feet; in the best part ot
the Mission: on electric car line; mort-
gage of JCOCO at 6 per cent can remain.
I $5,000 — Well-built residence, 7 rooms, bath and
stable: large lot, 30x137:6; best residence
portion of Stelner street.
$12,000—2 modern residences on the best part
of Stelner st. ; rents $1200; the lot alone,
size C0:UxllO, Is worth the asking price.
$15,500 — 4 modern well-built flats on Webster
St., near Geary; rents low for $1410;
grand lot. 50x137:6.
$22,500 — Double apartment house, 21 rooms; 4
flats on rear street; lot 41:3x120; north
cide of Golden Gate ave., near Van Ness.
$3,100—2 new modern flats. 4 and 5 rooms and
bath each: new plumbing: fine condition;
rents $372: on Glover, near Leaven wortn.
$2,000 — Make offer: handsome building lot on
Flllmore ft., near Union; 25x100.
$0,000— Make offer; 3 new flats on Poet St.;
well built; all the latest, new, modern,
artistic ideas; rents very low; $103; lot
25x137:6.
$20,500 — tf modern, up-to-date flats; artistically
planned and finished; well built; on a
Masonic-ave. northwest corner; grand
lot, 3CxllS:t», only partially Improved;
present extremely low rents pay $2040.
C. M. .WOOSTER CO.. fr»8 Market st.
F. B. SURRTHNE,
REAL ESTATE AGENT.
138 MONTGOMERY ST.
$4,500 — Bargain; corner on Geary St.: 3
houses, 4 tenements: rents $42 per
month; fine grocery corner.
$5,000— Filbert st.: 2 handsome modern flats
of 5 and 6 roome; rents $47 50 per
month: unobstructed marine view;
another bargain.
$4,100^ — Corner on Laguna st. ; 2 nice bay-
window flats of 4 rooms and bath each.
$0,600— Close to Hayes and Broderick sts.; 3
flat*. 1 rooms and bath each; rents
$1)0 per month; lot 25x100.
$5,250— Scott St.. nr. Haight: nice 2-story
houae. 7 rooms and bath; lot 25x100,
this la a bargain.
$15,500 — Close to Sacramento st.; best Dart of
Western Addition: 3 handsome flats, 7
rooms and bath each: rents $130.
$14,760— McAllister st., nr. Dcvlsadero: 3 new
modern flats. 7 rooms and bath each;
renting for $127 50; lot 25x100.
$10,000 — Sacramento st., nr. Fillmore: 3 fine
flats of « rooms and bath each; rents
$85 per month; lot 25x123.
$3,750 — Corner on Jones st., nr. Union; 4 tene-
ments: rents $32; lot 30x02:6.
$4,500— Howard St., nr. 21st; 3 flats, 4 rooms
each; rents $42 60 per month; lot 25x80.
$5,500— Howard st., nr. 21st: 3-«tory resi-
dence, 10 rooms and bath: lot 25x122:0;
want an offer.
$100 per front foot: awful Aacriflce; Mission
.. »~ st " nr ' 24tn: lot 01x117:6 to an alley.
$5.800— CloBe to 17th and Market: 2 new
flats, 5 and 6 rooms: rents' $55.
$4.000— Close to 16th st.: 2 nice bay-window
flats of 4 and 5 rooms; rents $34.
I publish a monthly catalogue riving par-
ticulars and location of property for sale in
: all parts of the city; secure one.
HAWKS & BKELTON
Rent* Collected and Entire Charge Taken of
Property.
$13,000— Taylor-st. investment, near Sutter'
lot 22:11x87:0; new building here would
pay well.
$20,000 — The finest view of the bay In this city
convenient for cara and teams; view
assured forever; SW. corner Larkln and
Francisco: 137x137.
$7,200— Marine view lot: Hyde sL, near Chest-
nut; 38:RxllO; very fine view aasured;
new buildln-s each aide of It.
$4,500 — Lota on E. aide of Vermont at., S of
25th: ready to build on; 183x100.
$6,000 only for 19 lota on 13th ave. and B
St., between Point Lobos ave. and Park'
mubt be sold as a whole; 226x240; will
front on the new park; a snap.
$5,000— Lot on SW. cor. Larkln and Lombard
sts. ; 25x105: macniflcent marine view
from every window.
$3,000— Lot. Franklin st., near Filbert; B3x
100; street aewered.
$4,000 — Lot, Greenwich «t., between Van Ness
ave. and Franklin St.; 66:8x137:6: will
divide It. • v
HAWKS & BKELTON. 323 Montgomery it
B. GETZ, Room 22. Chronicle Bldg.
OWNER AND DEALER.
0 •
$60 to $500— Ocean Heights and Ocean Boule-
vard lots'.!! ;
$300 to $500 — Nlneteenth-ave.' Boulevard lota!!!
Graded and level, ready to build on.
$360 to $1200 — Choice Sunset and Richmond
lots!!!
$150 up — Excelsior Homestead— warm belt of
the Mission. Level lots, ready to build on
good 'car service. '
All lots sold on easy monthly payments from
$5 up. . .
$1000 to $5000— New cottages and houses on
¦ easy installments. ¦ •-. VLf .->'.'
NO TROUBLE TO SHOW MY PROPERTIES.
Call at my office,' room 22, second floor.
. CHRONICLE BUILDING. -
• CITY- DEEDS.
ANDREW A. OLIVER,
HALL OF RECORDS.
. ;> :CTV.DK ED? ,--1THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1903.
37
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
SOMn MORE GOOD BUYS.
CO feet left on 37th St.; will let this go for
$14 per foot. . " -
B0xl25, on Filbert «t.: owner a non-resi-
dent; will let It «ro for $750.
50x125. on th« best street In Linda. Vlata;
worth $2000; price $1050.
50x140, notth side, near Grove *t.: $1125.
Corner on Walsworth avo., C0xl25; $1800.
IMPROVED PLACES ON TOUR OWN
TERMS. CALL, AND SEE US.
JAS. S. NAISMITH,
V 4R4 TWELFTH ST. '
$3100— A NEW 7-room house, easily rent $30
per mo. ; street work done, fine location,
Iiar.dy to town; gas and electricity, latest
plumbing cement sidewalks, large lot.
BUILDING LOTS CHEAP.
$17 PER FOOT. $17 PER FOOT.
• Between Telcpraph av<\ and Broadway,
south of Thirty-eighth st.
i Near new Santa Fe car line.
RKE THIS BEFORE BUYING.
WM. P. TCDD, 1070 Broadway.
_^ Oakland, Cal.
j TO rent — Two first class new flat*. Telegraph
ave.. near 27th St., ?25 and *3Q: choice
I neighborhood; easy walkirg distance from
tewn. An;<1y 1G09 Telegraph ave.
! SSodern hcuae, 'j nr.?. ; stable; Mason *; Hamiin
' crgan. Before 12 ir?.. 4¥2 Orangft tit., Oakland.
I OAKLAM) LODGING-HOLSES.
! 10 ROOMS, furnish-d, ir Oakland: cheep: cen-
i trally lrxatfl. Box S4C, Call office. Oakland.
I OAKLAND FUnXITUIiB FOR SALE.
] TO-M0nf!OW the day for bargains In furnl-
ture. H. SclMihaas. 11th rt..cor.store.Oaklnd.
! Mill Vallev . Advertisements.
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
A FINS LEVEL LOT T.0xl24 FOll MOO.
, Terms, 10 per cent cash. $10 monthly; in
j the new tract right at the station; beautiful
! view of bay nnd Mount Tamalpals; water
j mains lei<1, streets graded: bound to increase
I in t&lue; '.."> lots sold to date.
I.TOM «- HOAG. 116 Montgomery ft.
VILLA rites and improved property; dairy
ranrhe*: CusMng and Stetson tracts. For
infuimatifn apply to *oie asent for lands T.
1>. & \V. Co.. LOUIS L. JAN15P, real estate,
Haya-arii iniiiali'ig. -4S3 Caiiforr.ift st.
EJH'LOYHKM 1 OFFICES.
' GEORGE AOKL 421 Pest st. ; tel. Bus'.naST-
Japanesa-Chlnetc employment' -office; fur-
j nishf-s beg; htlp: contraets for farm help, etc.
i A— ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese htlp. il'U Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
! A— GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Offlce. 415
i Stockton: tt-}. Grant ltS: expert, reliable help.
i RELIABLE .7ppariese-Ch(n*« Employment Of-
t Vc * : a " k!ndh l ht "'P- 315 Stockton; Main 51SS.
J CHINESE and Japanese h»lp; estab. 20 years.
; Tel. Mali. 1»:>7. BRADLEY & CO.. tVi Clai\
i K . 1T rLO VM E XT . X V AX T E D — t ' EMAlE '
A —
A
j j^ ,
THE DOMESTIC CLUB.
MRS. M. M. THOMPSON'. Manager.
Phone Bush «54.
Office, CC Union riquare Bldg.. 233 Geary.
Opp. City of Paris Dry Goods Store.
Patronized by l>*nolnB
Ladies of San Francisco.
Hlab-clatS help supplied, male and female.
WAITING.
" first-class chambermaids.
Panor maid; also married couple.
2 first-class oool:s.
Governess and ladipV maid.
All highly recommended.
i A GERMAN girl, voung and Mrong. can ie»
well, wants a place at second work where
«lie ran get $2fl a month. Can be seen at
MRS. PLUNKETT'S Employment Bureau,
425 Hutter i<^. near Pov.cll.
i A SCOTCH nurse, with best of references,
wants to care fcr infanta or grown children;
is capable, young aud reliable AddreBS all
communications in care of MISS PLUN-
KKT7S Registry. 425 Sutter et.. nr. Powell.
I DRESSMAKER, coat and suit maker, first-
class cutter and fitter; a few more engage-
mrntc by the dey in private families; the b*nt
; of work done. K. BARfiS. 61 Webster tt.
j REFINCD. experienced nurse In private fami-
j lies; a few more cases; reasonable. Address
2W7 leavenworth nt.
YOUNG lady, first-class pianist, wishes room
and bonnl in part payment for lessons; refs.
Box ?fl&j, call.
WOMAN wants work- by the day, washing,
ironing-. hcustc!»aning; $1 35 per day. MRS.
SIEBOLl). 206 Rltch »t., In rear.
; A FIRST-CLASS dress and suit maker would
like a few more engagements by the day; old
Karmenfs remodeled. Box 29H, Call office.
1 STENOGRAPHER, experienced, desires po»l-
: tlon with chance of advancement. Box H606,
Call office.
j POSITION by neat, reliable, elderly woman;
j experienced cook; used to children; wages
I $12; references. Box SCflO, Call.
; RESPECTABLE lady, gocd cook, wants posl-
' tion as houaekepeer. to take full charge of a
i household; city cr country. Box 2043, Call.
I HONEST, reliable woman wants washing and
j liouseclt-anlne by the day; gocd references.
Call or address care 27 Capp Et.
ELDERLY woman wishes situation to assist
doing housework; American family. Call
Monday. J84 Fourth »t.
| REFINED woman wants position to take
carp of invalid, or do sewing; good seam-
stress. Box 2938. Call.
DRESSMAKER. STRICTLY first -class, de-
sires work by the day. Box 29G9. Call.
A GERMAN woman wishes to clean lace cur-
tains at reasonable prices. Box 2041. Call.
COMPETENT ?lrl wishes a situation for second
work. Bex 2029. Call.
WANTED — A position as housekeeper, city.
Box 2700. Call.
! HAIRDRESSER, manicurist, etc. from an-
other city, will exchonee work about one
month for special instruction on combing.
Address LEBLEY. box 2017.. Call.
A COMPETENT German lady would like work
by the day. Call at 128A Eighth st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sta.
I WANT ad» and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. «CI McAllister et.
i ¦ EmFlOYM EXT WANTED--M ALB.
I A—
j A — • ¦ -'
First-class butler wishes position: valet; best
of references; handy' man about house.
THE DOMESTIC CLUB.
MRS. M. M. THOMPSON, Manager,
MR. W. R. THOMPSON, Manager Male
Branch.
Phon« Bush 6T.4.
Office. SO Union Square Bldg., 233 Geary.
Opp. City of Paris Dry Goods Store.
AN English butler, with 3 years' references,
wants a situation; city or country. Call or
address MISS PLUNKETT'S Employment
Buroau, 425 Sutter St., near Powell.
POSITION wanted by energetic, ambitious and
thoroughly experienced accountant and man-
ager- denlres on account wife's health to
leave Chicago; will consider nothing but emi-
nently desirable propositions, as he Is earning
a large salary and has no reason for wishing
to change other than given above; bond tt
required. Address MERRILL, 4051 Prairie
ave.. Chicago. III. . ¦ ¦
HOUSE and roof painter (non-union man)
wants work, city or country, by Job or day.
work; Al stagehand. Please give me a
chance to eupport my , family. BASTON
MANX, box 2t>07. Call. : . -
A YOUNG man. business col!eg« graduate, with
one year's experience in office work, would
like position In office; good mathematician.
LOUIS E. 8PEEGLE. 2902 Twenty-third st.
YOUNG student wants position during spare
hours by which he may earn board and room;
nr.e that can make himself handy; speaks
German. Box 2022. Call office. -
STABLEMAN desires position; middle-aged sin-
gle man;/ thoroughly understands care of
liorscv. harness and. rigs; willing and sober;
• beet of references. Box 2031. Call office.
ENERGETIC young man, 25 years old, of good
appearance and all-round hustler,, is desirous
-of accepting position as traveling salesman
with mercantile house. Box 2020, Call.
A RELIABLE man desires position in country
in grocery line or any kind of -work where
there la a. chance for advancement. Box
2035. Call. : __^ .
YOUNG colored man would like situation as
coachman, janitor;- handy man; flrst-clasb
teference. Box 2908. Call office.
YOUNG man wants position as assistant pastry
cook In hotel; country preferred. Address A.
H.. box^tlO. Call office. .
TAINTER and paperhang-'er; Job work; reason-
ab!e. Address Painter. 1210 Mission St. ..
BUTLER or valet with city reference. ; expe-
rience, desires .position. Box '2040,' Call office.
BIEDICAL. »
MEDICAL profession, attention — 16-room resi-
dence, high basement. large outhouse for ser-
vants or patients, shade trees, beautiful gar-
den;- lot 67x233; rear entrance; located In
warm belt of Alameda; particularly adapted
for sanitarium: must be sold; great bargain.
J. S. HANLEY, 1310 Park st.
f MRS. DR. AVYETH, specialist for all female
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience; removed to 828 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist fcr all fs-
male troubles and Irregularities; instant re.
lief guaranteed. 10CS% Market St.. opp. S;h.
VALPEAU'3 female pllle; best regulating pills
eold: price $2 60 by expresi. Pasteur's
syinge and tablets: price S2 50. By express
only on receipt Of price. O3GO0D BROTH-
KKS. wholesale druggists, Seventh •. and
Broadwaj-. Oakland. :
DK. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are s'.ck cr
in trouble consult this cpeclalist on female
complaint*: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advlce free. Office. 1019 Market st.
Drs. Goodwin. 7:W Turk, nr. Van Nrss — Expert
in obstetrics, ff-male comDlalnti<: Inst. relief :
treatment $10: hours. 10 to j; 25 yrs. exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladleV
specialist: a private home before and during
confinement: btst medical care: low fees.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS:
original method of treatment. 112C Market st.
DR. ROSEN resides 291)3 Folsom it., cor. 2Cth;
ladies, relief or no fee; $1(\
DR. NO TOY KRE. 310 Powell St.. opposite
Union Enuare: rll rtlyarea cured by herbs.
MILLIXEHY.
LADIES— 2CU stylish h!»tH to select from; lease
sold, must vacate February 1. 1904: save
money by calling en MSIK, DOSCH. 207 Post.
LADIES. !>" you cv.n milllnOTS; lefsms in ar-
tl«tic mllllnfry. Room 5. 2fl'-G Kearny st.
MISCELLAXEOfS — FOR SALE.
BOILEKS. enttlnts, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH &. WOLPMAN. 1U5-1&7 Kremcnt st.
DOES TOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with ela'.erlte; In rolls ea«y to lay:
needs no painting or coating: good ever old
irop, tin cr sliinclee; test for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 7 1" Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc, etc., b ¦lujht. sold,
i*ntet1 «nd ex'.-hariir'<1: fee Sunday payers.
H. S. WHITE M'CHTCO., 130-13^ Beale st.
A— Fine suits. $7 TO; dr«fs pants. $2 50. Origi-
nal Misflt Clothinc Parlors. 2::S Kearny St..
near H'.ish: open to 0 p. m. : fcunday to noon.
A— f;t 50 DEKBY tr.d Kedora hats. *l 75. Pop-
ular Prle«i Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. a;nr
Pint; open til! » p. m. Sunday to nooa.
A— BUYS, sells or rents ?ear macbinery. en-
pir.»r, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-i.'O3 Spear st.
PRINTERS — Eighth, quarter and half medium
job presses; type, cases racks: o.« a whole or
In part; bargains. HOAO, Sir. Market st.
TYPEWRITERS, slizhtly used. s,o!d at cost;
n»xv Underwood visible typewriter catalog
sent 'ree. R. E. Hevalk & Co.. S3n Francisco.
TRY cur men's slices at $1 and $1 50 pair;
i foct-form sho»s at t'i 50; we pay express
1 charge*. 11 «d st.. Exam, bid.: catalog, free.
20 FRESH milch cows and springers, $35-$4Q
earh. Iniuire SAM AFTERCUT. Mission
road, near Seven-Mile Hcuae and county line.
GERMAN hammcrleys gun with complete out-
fit; cost *100; will Bell lcr $20. F. S.. S54
' Webster »t., Oakland.
OAK mantels, mahogany bar fixture, rowboat,
gasoline launch. 018 Third St., San Francisco.
FOR sale — Gentleman's first-class ticket to
Salt Lake. $10. Box 3408. Call.
A VERY fine diamond heart for $210 at W. J.
HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
NICE large goat for sale cheap. 639 Dolores
street.
100,000 BRICK for sale. Inquire at California
Housewreckers. NW. cor. Mission and 10th.
3, 6 AND 10 hp. gasoline engines; 2d-hand; all
sizes; new. E. B. BECK A CO.. 122 Market.
NEW and second hand machinery of all klr.ds.
KROGH MNKO. CO.. 519 Market st.
SAFES— New and s«cond hand*. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento St.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sal?, rental;
bargains. Bullard A Breck. 131 Post at.
MILES of pipe and flttlnrs; all jjzes. EU-
GENE RILEY A SONS. 109 Vallejo at.
MOVING picture film and song slides. 109
Montgomery st.
SAFES — New and second hand. E. B. BECK
A CO.. 123 Market st. t*
All bargains ;camp stools and chairs ;hammocks,
metal beds.mattresses.J.F.Hotter,712 Mls«lon.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Bactgalupl. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sl2es. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
ASK for prices on second-band typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montn'y.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED — Air compressor, duplex. 12x14, belt
driven; state make.
1 Westlnghouse motor, CO to 75 horsepower.
1 return flue tubular boiler, 51x10, complete
with fixtures, stack, etc.; give lowest cash
price.
All the above must be In first-class condi.
tion- to be delivered f. o. b. Sacramento.
Box 2608. Call office. -
PAINTING, tinting, papering: and wall paper
cleaning; work done at right prices. M. H.
MORRIS. 1214 Geary st.; phone 2159.
WANTED — To hire unfurnished hall. Box
Itm, CalK
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMEH.
1140 Market St.; phone Jessie 3741, or postal.
TILTON want* good second-hand -clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth st.; tel. Jessie 2851.
A BIG srlce paid for sealskins: send postal.
25 Stockton St.: Bhone Bush 4M.
A WEEK'S news for 0 cents — Tha Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for malllne. *l per year.
HONEY TO LOAX
A X^HiEiRMA>riimtPH'Yii " ~" ~*
601-602-603 Examiner building.
'Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save- expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
etts, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.: legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential,
When You Need . Money .
Eee HERMAN MURPHY.
ADVANCES on furniture and pianos without
- removal; to permanent salaried people on
their note without security or knowledge of
employer; lowest rates; no commission. NA-
TIONAL CKEDIT CO., 68 and tt) Donohoe
building. 1170 Market tt.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal, advances on diamonds, Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 848
Market St.: tel. Main- 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
STRICTLY' CONFIDENTIAL LOANS on fur-
nlture, pianos or to salaried people on their
nste; proper treatment guaranteed. ILLINOI3
¦ TRUST CO.. r. 16. Phelan bid., tel. Main 704.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, board ing-houses, without
security: easy payments; largest business in
46 principal cities: Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
A— 1 per cent on furniture or piano: no remov-
al, no commission, no publicity ;$23 up; quick,
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 7.
M. JACOBSEN A CO.. room 621, Emma Spreck-
els Building, loans money on real estate a,ad
all othtr securities; confidential; low rates.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 1C3 Grant are..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
MONEY to loan on low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture; indorsed notes and other security. S. V.
Discount Agency, 143^ Phelan building. ,
YOU can borrow more money on your furniture
than any other place, in city; no commission.
612 Parrott building: phone South C55.
AT lowest, rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy; no commission; installments accepted.
BON'ELLI, 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
OPEN Credit Ass'n. loans on salaries conflden-
tlally; new.slmpla plan. Room 50. 819 Market.
ON personal and real property. B. W. LICK.
1003 Mutual Savings Bank bids., 70S Market.
MONEY - loaned to salaried employes. O. W.
MILLER, room 74. ¦ oth floor. Chronicle bldg.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal.
V. TREMAIN, room 81. 6 Eddy St.. floor 4.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. | of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R.311. -Mutual 3av.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORELL. 009 Examiner bldg.
A WEEK'S news for J5 cents — The Weekly Call.
10 pages. In wrapper, for mailing.- $1 per year.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
A TIN shop to let. V 612 Shrader st., near Wai-
ler; good locality.' ' ' ?
STORE with Urge basement; below Kearny
at.; rent $30. .. Apply 63* Clay st., room 1.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
ni'RKELEY nEAL ESTATE.
$l"00— SEE the d£bUy let In the Wheelei
tract, (3x150; ttrcet work cone: these lot!
«re to eituated tlial the view cannot be cut
cflf: cluj>e to eifvtric oars and Tew minutes'
wt!k to university butldinss; several lots sok
riurir.g the past werk; terms caa be made
Y»". J. MOHTUU3X & CO.. Agents, 2123 Cen.
tcr at.
fOCO TO f12."-0 for thess elegantly situated lot!
in tl<e Berry-Bassa tract; or.Iy a rev.- left
street «irl; nil tlcne; cars vithin 1 block
this property lies o.-irt cf Ttlegraph ave
MORTIMER & CO., 212-1 Center ft.
fl-Mt TO fSOM — Splendid lots in th» Daleys
.>. en;r Park: this property adjoins the Wh*«l
• r tract tnd view is excellent; no climbing
necessary: easy erode; Ftrret work ail done
nf*r rolifpe, Dertcrity. W. J. MORTIMER £
I'C, 212."; CVnt«r «.
£NAI'-V»l'v i*j- rent when you can buy t
r.~a'.. alni'jM new fottage, R rooms, bath
pantry, foiuing doors, inantrl. ttatlonarj
tub*, hot and cold water; deep trell. wind-
mill fsn.J SOCm-gallon tank; large lot: 1 lilocl
t>> electric cars. 2 blocks new ferry line, .'
b'oolvs . .«. P. station; $2100; frms $150 oaeh
Lalan.-e $20 mcr.thly. Opa Sur.aa-s O A
ttUPOLPII. Lortn fitatuS
BAEGAIX— Stop paying rer.t; new C-room cct'
teg*; bath, pantry: lau-Ft style plumbing
fo'dir.;,- J.ws, mantel, gas rnd elcctHc light*
city water, Ftationary tube; large lot- frui'
itc^e. chicken hou»e; all fenced and cross
i^ic-rd: rri.-e $20c <> : terms only $150 cash
balance fl« m< ntiiiy. O. A. IiCDOLni
I-onn Station. Open Sttsdiys,
$r,i>0— NEW R-rocm cottage: lot 40x100; el ree
« r £-« M <1rno; r ' far csr ttn * » ni * nation.
*lOoO — iin« corner lot. 45x125; street wort
5 iio^" f ';. ll v ST " p - T^ ITT: - E & WOOLSET
-110 Fhatturk a\e., Berkeley.
**"£ }r>f , l a Jvorth "TkeJry, worth $600. will | J(
rffered for ™ ? we*.k &t $500; view unexcelled
B. S. Ql ACKEXBUSIL Real Estate, lneur
Bestetar°c£l| 1>ub:ic - - 1T1 Bhattm* ave.
L *t7'T^ N & AL,r»EE. real estate, have for sal<
uerKe.ey hrnr.fF. r<-»iaence and busir.ees loti
«t OTiest price*: ihoic- investment propertv
'^g^^hef^r^lS:^^ ™"
¦ <3 ,T'« 1 »*™«t* and subjcripf.sai
receded at Oul branch efflee. 220(\ Flllmor*.
FRUITVALEADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
H. A. PLEITNER. Fruit vaie Station?"" *
eW0 r?t7>. cott *« e rf 3 'arge rooms: hart
..nished pantry, closets, etc.; lot 40x135
ail icnced; one block from electric cars.
tliZ0 7Ji e Z^ C^? «>¦**« of 4 Isrge room.
er.a b«.th. hall, etc.; 7-foot basement; Ma
..?'*£? tubs; food cement fwindnticn; lot
»>Sxl2f; convenient to local trains.
$l«0— Bay.window cottage of 5 rcoms ftrn
C "" 1 P 1 » I V b * tl1 ' larBe ha!I - ""foot basement
only 2 blocks fro:n Fruitvale station; thii
is a bark foreclosure Ea!e and a snap.
$1000 — New cottare of 4 rooms and both with
sJ! modern lmr^rovemcnts; 7-foot' base-
ment, brlrk foundation; alto nic* Mabie;
lot 1(0x175; all fenced and eewcred. Ir
the most beautiful ard bandy location.
$;0CO— Flee cottage of 4 large rowing, bath
hall, high basement: let 37:«xl35; etreel
w,-rk &!1 dene; 3 blocks from local station;
51^ cash, balance same as rcn^.
t23(*0— Beautiful dwelling cf G rooms ar.d bath
fine mantel; 7-foot basement, etc.; stable
fruit trort; jot 70x123; choice location
half L'ock from Fruitvale ave.
• 1275 — Gocd S-room cottage and bath, hot an/
r-'i-i water, jrrv->d well uni city water;
!arf lot; $75 down, balance $16 pet
rr.orsth; i block* from local train.
. $1350— Fine cottage or 4 rooms, b*th. high
r:A*ement. bri<-k foundation; 'ot 35x120;
half block from electric car*; fine location.
II. A. PLCITXER. Fruitvale Station.
K* n FALR BY CLItOD & HULL.
S2ftn>i nill buy th!<« ricA house cf 5 room*,
h'.cU »-,a«em*nt. ¦'•• fi^ored. stationary wash-
tub*, bath, par.tr?'. hot and cold water, wlnd-
niin s ;i <] tank, ffnod varn. bearing fruit, all
¦ ¦ 'c rf flowerf; lot r.Sxl25; located en *rood
rtzeeC This la a r^id buy and Jurt look at
"¦e t-rrr.p, J2tW down, balance same as rent.
Why pay r*nt?
ELHOn & HULL. c--m*r Fruitvale ave. &^
'-'. ;i-h;nrtnn ft. I5cn't fail to «enl for fu!l
rrlnted ll«=t «ni1 traps of Fruitval^ prepcrtj-.
UI.MIIl'HST— New cottage. 3 rooms and bath:
2 minutes' walk to portofflce ar.d cars: large
lot; price $:•«•. Call, 56 Erie St.. San Fran-
rirco.
CiZEAFCST and best In America— The Weekly
Oil!. 1C r«^es. sert to any e<ldre»s In th-
T'Tiifd Statew r-r C'3i>fida T>* year for $1.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAM) KEAX. ESTATE.
SPECIAL BAr.GAI.V5
FOR SALE BY
V.-'-ODWARD. WATSON A CO .
3172 Broadway, corner I4th et.
TIEDMONT HOME,
A vtry dee!rab> hot-.e: fine location, on a.
Rortheast ccmer. let CixlOS; modern cottage;
« roona and bath; close to school and care; a
•nap.
LOOK AT THIS'.
$3500.
• THthln three blocks of new ferry line; very
choice location, en west Bide of street: fln«
lot. 50x130: on« and a half etcry house of 7
rooms and bath; all modem.
MUST BE SOLD.
PS0&
A baji£so?3« new home; the house contain? S
tooelb end bath, every modern Improvement,
•legaroly tr.'.tUf-i; very fine location, north
*IAe oX street.
THE BEST IN OAKLAND.
J1500.
A very flse home, in a choice location, with-
in tracking distance of Broadway ar.d the rta-
Uoa; lot 45x140: the house is mo-Jern In every
particular and fcaa 8 rooms. L?t us show this.
HANDSOME HOME.
$6500.
Best bur In Oakland: easily worth $6500;
must bs solfl: close to 13th and Jackfon sts.;
lot BOxlOO; very fine house of 9 rooms, very
sun::y; furnace, laumiry; all modern.
FRUITVALE HOME.
*475O.
A fine barraia on Fruitvale ave.. larce cor-
rer lot, 75x200. with en "L" mrxJern hou*e
<' 8 roozu and bath: fine croundi; all klndu
r.t frott: two car lines pass property; a big;
WOODWARP, WATSON A- CO..
1172 Brcaiwaj-. corner 14th et.
$300 COST and !» north $3000-r-35th tt., near
San Pablo; only 4 blocks from Key route
nation; SO minutes from this houee to
Francisco by Key route; only one
far»; a modern hay- window cottage of 5
rooms. t»th. his;h basement: iot 30x140;
2-rtory barn, jrravel drives; in fact an
ideal home; terms only $500 cash, balance
nii-rtgatc. Se»lnj? Is b*lievlngr: call early;
murt bf fnld; no reasonable offer refuted.
J. F. MYERS or GIX). V/. AUSTIN.
tfZOO— PUILT and fcrroeily occupied by the
present Governor at a. cost of $J>000; house
of 10 room*; <3!r.inj;-room. library, hall and
"-:, trance finifhed in hard wood; hot air
lioaurs, modern olurr.blnsr, electric epark
lighting, 6 c?:ri€r.fii\'« mantelg; beautiful
Etyie of architecture : fine marine view;
eornsr lot. 75xl£5. with rustic stone coplns
&nd Iron fence, cort over $1000; convenient
to school and cars and business center;
r>r»-ser.t owner a. non-resldcnt ai:d must
¦ell: no reasonable Qffer rt-fused; first
BOM fir Jit served. J. 8. MYERS or GEO.
W. AUSTIN.
$£250— 3VET think of 1t: 2 cottapes, 5 rooms,
bath, basement, brick foundation, hot an<j
« old water, car. etrect work all complete;
let 50x150; Jrult trees, carriage driveway;
rear echool, local train, cars and buslnrn
••enter; prcnent inccra« $32 per mor.th:
owner has cono EMt and his Instructions
ere to ec'.l ; we must eell. we will sell to
first Applicant who will talk caeh and
make rrasonaMe cSer. J. S. MYERS cr
GCO. W. AUSTIN.
?:>M0. REDUCED from ?C500— Dfiath compels
otrncr to leave for Los Anrelcs and lie is
forced to srii; location, Webster *t., near
JfHh; only 3 blocks from th« basme«s cen-
ter, postoffite *nd r.arrow-^auce local: 7
rooms, bath;'on!y occupied 7 months; open
lsiwn. oolonla.1 etrle. nickel plumbinr.
"late g-lass; tn fact an Ideal home; must
b« cold; ee» it and make cfier. 3. 8.
MYERS or GEO. \V. AUSTIN.
f .-.0 ooo— Tr-rer-^tcry, pressed brick tad base-
m«>nt bulldir.R In the very caster of Oak-
land: Irn*- for five yoirm under iruarantee
itSMe; jiaying- wikt 6 r>cr <-ent net on $50,000.
Address Owner, box bi3. Call Office. Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
LATMAXCE RBAL ESTATE CO..
4C0-4C2 Eighth St., Oakland, Cal.
FLAT INVESTMENTS.
i:vooo — Modern flats, 7 and 8 rooms and bath;
line corner let, 64x103; rapidly dovelopint;
•nto business section.
$6000 — Extra fine flats. 7 *.nd S rooms each:
lot 50x150; adjoining city center; rents $"05
per month.
?6*5O— Bpl-ndld pair flats. 6 and 7 rooms and
bath <ach; lot 40x100; cl^se to locals and car
lice; centrally located; rents $C0
$0500— Good pair flat*. 7 and 8 rooms anil bath
each: 5 minutes' walk to City Hall; rents
$52 50.
?C000 — New modern fiats. 6 rooms, bath and
reception ball; rents. $<W; fine location ca
Telegraph ave.
j $5000— Brand new pair flats, 5 and 0 rooms
; end bath. each; corner lot; near locals and
: basinets center; rents $45.
! $1650— Store. 3 rooms and flat. In growing see-
| tlon of North Oakland; nelghbcihood rapidly
I advancing.
S2000— Two flats. 5 rooms each; lot 41x100;
{ windmill, tank. 2 wells; rents $22; good
I Berkeley Investment.
$3500 — Modern 2-story house, S rooms; Inside
property; perfect condition; rent $40; must
be sold.
$3250— Fine 2-stery residence. 0 rooms and
; bath; lot 29x126;. well, tank, stable; n?.ar
Adeline station; reduced frcm $4000.
?310O— Beautiful residence. 7 rooms; strictly
modern; terraced lot; near oar line and Lak'q
Merrltt.
$2050 — Modern colonial residence. 7 rooms and
bath; lot 20x100; Grove st. ; easy terms.
$2600 — Modern 2-story house, 9 rocms: fine
condition; near Oak-st. station; rent $25.
522TK> — Modern cottage, 6 rourr.s and bath; near
car line; sacrifice.
S225O — Bay-window cottage, 5 rooms and bath-
16th and We^t sts.
S2C00— Pretty bay-window cottage, D rooms
and bath; Clinton station.
HlOO—Cczy cottage. 4 rooms and bath: near
Oa*c and Brocdway stations; rent $16.
.-^ LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
4S0-4G2 Eighth et., Oakland.
HOLCOMB. BREED & BANCROFT. INC.,
l?60 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
$300 cash, balance $20 per month.
Neat 3-room cottage; modern; good loca-
tion; two minutes' walk to trains: ilet»n
lot; price very low, as owner wishes lo
leave city; only $l£0O.
J1300. $1300. $1300.
The cutett buniralow cottage ever oJTere-i
for the orice; lot 40x92; flowers, fruit.
; etc.; cloe« to Key Route- to San Fran-
cisco and five nilnixte*' walk to Berkeley
local; one must eee it to aporeciate ih»
value.
0693
$2300— Nearly finished. ?23nrt.
Cottage 5 rooms; porcelain bath; orwn
plumbing; modern; Siigh basement; lot Wx
1S5; etre»t work complete; eiesant view;
I close to Key Route and four car lines;
terms — $500 cash, balance monthly pay-
ments.
S-54
$2TP0 — Just finished. $2750.
Elegant home; 7 roon;« and bath: ev«ry
convenience for comfort: lot 40x135; ele-
gant view of Berkeley hills and Pan Fran-
cisco Bay; close to Key Routs to Sati
FrancWo «nd four car lines: this is at
j a sacrifice price: see It; pars for one year
to San Kranclsco will be to pur-
chaser over Key Rout"; Just 24 minutes
to San Francisco; get full particulars at
office.
i $2700 — Bungalow cottace. ?270O.
New, 8 rooms; reception hall; elegant <lin-
i ing-room with artistic effects in leaded I
irlasa and tints: fine bath with full <*qui|>- i
ment; 2 bedrooms; large kitchen — in tact. 1
a perfect home; street work complete;
clcse to Telegraph ave. ; terms to suit.
-M. A.
HOLCOMB. BREED & BANCROFT. INC.,
1000 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
i [ - ;
I A. J SNTDET*.
P.EAL ESTATE BROKER AMD DEALER,
4'J7 NINTH ST.. OAKLAND. CAL.
I
$1500 — Cottage. 5 roams and bath, on 2Sth
i St.; rood. 52-26.
$2Ti0O — Cottage of 5 rooms and bath, on Union ;
¦ st.,, near Tenth; very good. 15-7.
$2700 — New. 7 rooms ar.d bath: 34x103: on
' Telegraph ave.. near 64th it.; street work done. \
$47S0 — A snap, 200 ft. frcntage on Telegraph
' ave.. North Oakland; Rtrpet work anil * good
: cottage: 5 rooms and bath. 71-2.
$15 per front foot. ISOxir.S. in East Oakland,
! west of 12th ave. ; street work done. 2SS-1.
$1000— Is cheap for lot 50x127, in Flint Tract;
street work done. 213-1.
A. J. SNYDER.
467 Ninth st.. Oakland. Cal.
S. M. DODGE & SON.
• $1900 — New cottage. 5 rooms and bath; base-
ment: concrete foundation; near cars and ;
local station; 30xl<X»: terms if you wish. j
$2000— Sunny cottage h<Mn*. 5 rooms and bath; j
china closet, large pantry: 40x120; near
cars and two feiry s> stems.
$ICCO — Forty-first and Grove *t«. : cottar* 1 . .'«
rooms and bath; 32:Cxi:j7:C; excellent
value. j
12000 — Cottage. 5 rooms and bath: plumbing •
and «team heater worth ?350: fine big »ta- !
bio; lot 60x100; will rent for $20; near
Ean Pablo ave.
$2800 — Second reduction in price; nearly new. r,
rooms and bath (2-Ctary): reception hail:
lot 30x97; adjoins home of prominent phy-
eiclan; on car line.
$2250 — Near Fourteenth ar.d Broadway; nic»
cottage. 5 rooms «n1 bath: floored base-
ment; Iot 30xlC6; $r;50 cash.
S. M. DODGE & SON.
1160 Broartway.
$200 CAPH, $10 monthly, for HJ lots. 200x200.
covered with variety of fruit trees: more land
adjoining at /ame rate; prlce % $500.
$5 cash, $5 monthly: 4 lots, 50x200; price
$500: the same price for 100x100 feet square;
also mote land If needed.
$500 cash. 112 t«O monthly: 5 full acres
French and German i;run#> orchard; 2 fine
eprlngs: no better soil or climate In Califor-
nia; away from fogs and. raw winds; edjoln-
Jng East Oakland: price $2750; will sell you
what you w»nt of It.
Call or send for circular, 4.">5 Seventh st.,
opposite Broadway station. Oakland. Car-
riage free. H. Z. JONES. Owner.
J. H. ilACDONALD & CO..
10D2 Broadway, corner 11th st.
$600 — Fine northwest corner. 85x110, on 23d
ave.; hlch ground.
$900 — Choice lot, SOxl25. on sunny side of
fcth ave.: elevated land; on car line;
good neighborhood.
$2,250— Extra fin** lot on Telegraph ave.; 45x
100: very desirable for private residence
or flats.
$3 500— Fine home of 7 rooms and bath, wlth-
in 4 blocks of Broadway and 10th st. ;
lot 35x75; rents for $SO per month.
$10 000 — Choice corner let, 70x90, near Broad-
way; suitable for business purposes;
house of 8 rooms; now rents for $40.
BEAUTIFUL HOME
$10,000.
This Is the finest home In Linda Vista Ter-
race; elegant grounds; N. W. cor. lot, 150x
12S- house of 10 rooms. 2 baths, attic base-
ment, hardwood floors, elegantly furnished
throughout, very fine stable; could not be
dupIS-ated for $25,000.
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO.
1172 Broadway, Oakland.
IMPROVED Oakland property to exchange for
lots In Oakland or San Francisco or land no:
far from Oakland. P. C. LASSEN A CO.,
4C3 Tenth et., Oakland, Cal.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— BIALy.
A STRONG sober.s reliable young .man wishe3
porltion of any kind; Al references. Addrees
box 3405. Call. ' .-
AN elderly man wishes & position as manager
for a hotel, restaurant, lodging-house or
club; No. 1 references. C. L., 372 Linden ave.
WANTED — A position of trust or collector;
references and bonds given. Box 2030. Call.
WANTED— Work of any kind around a hotel;
handy with tools. Address 136 Hayes st.
SALESMAN (German) wants position, general
merchandise store, country; eight years' ex-
perience In dry srooda and groceries in Ger-
many: soeaks English; state wages. Box
21>:S2, Call. •
I > — — — — — — — .' -
! WANTED— By young man. married, work
I around. mine or mill; ran handle min« or
mill machinery, tool sharpening, assaying;
i r.ot afraid work: take anyth'g..Box 202!). Call.
i MARRIED man, no children,- wishes position
on ranch: un-lerFtanfis farmlnjr and Is handy
with tools; good references. Box 2004, Call.
A RELIABLE couple 1 wish to take charge of
place at a monthly salary: boatd themselves
and hire their cwn help. T. *., 77 Ninth st.
ENGAGEMENT wanted c« watchman, care-
taker or in any similar capacity by Rober and
thoroughly reliable man; used to care o'
machinery, etc., nnd handy with tools; refer-
ence?. Address box 2021. Call office.
! SANDSTONE and marble cutter wants posi-
: tlon. city cr country. SSS Fifth st. ' ¦
HONEST Jaranese wants work in store, fac-
tory or Haloon. JAMES Kllll, 0 Central
place. Telephone .Tames 170C.
JAPANESE. t rton«>st. reliable boy, wants a posi-
tion ns wa'ltor in family: *r>eaks well. S.
IC1CHI, SC7 Polk frt.: tel. Polk SSQg.
JAPANESE wants situation to do cooking and
plain wafhlnK in family. F. MORI, 807 Polk
f!.; tel. Folk 3S0?-
JAPANESE Btronx !:ian wnnts position to do
Rny kind of work before 7::w a. m. or after
r.:30 p. in. AKf, l^C3 1 j Castro st.
JAPANESE boy wants a position as school -
i boy; speaks English. GKOIUiE HAYASHI.
care Xokr> Hotel. T-O'J Bush st. .
JAPAXCSK boy want?, pomtion us sclioolbov In
small family near hirtli Wh.OOl, IX. MOTOKI,
Japanese Mission. J»7_Pc!!c st.
AD VERTISEM ENTS. subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan fe Church sts.
j FUKNITfllE KOIl SALE.
' PARLOR fcet for sale, reasonable. 25 Laure".
i place, off First st.. bet. Harrison and Folsom.
I $22." — TO rent, or sell: furniture of 0 rooms,
I complete; new. i.'OOA ro'.gom Ft.
j FIRMTIRE WASTED.
¦ A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 44C2.
' buys, renls. repair*, packs, furniture, carpets.
| HIGHEST price for furnlttira ar.d mdse. L. H.
BURD. auctloneer.lSIS Mkt. ;tf I.Howard 2750.
FINANCIAL.
UNLISTED SECURITIES.
; We buy, PtII ar.d exchange stcck certificates
| of all the advertised Mining, Oil and Indus-
! trial companies.
Send us your bids or offers on cnything: we
fan fill jour order and save you from 10 to
80 ccr cent on almost i;r>y Investment.
Write tVr cur Price List, free. It will
Interest ycu.
At the present time, among Innumerable
bargains, we offer:
200O CJwin Mines Pev. Company,
fioco Union con. Oil.
lfMKt p. B. Stelfer Mln. Company.
WO Alaska Central Railway.
1C0O Shacta May BloMom. Company.
0000 Aurora Con. Gold.
100 Ll-htner Gold.
r.OCO Gray Ecgle Con Mines.
And we w!!l buy:
<"al!f(irnian,
Mexican,
Tonopah
and all Western stocks.
WATT & COWPER-THWAiTK.
Ycsemlte building. Stockton. Cal.
HOUSES AND WAGONS.
. BTtEWSTER extension brougham. coupe
rockaway. good phaeton. Toomey A Frazler
; cart, ch<t»p. " O'BRIEN'S, Po!k st. and
| Golden Gate ave.
' ALL kinris of horses, wagon*, carts, buggies
! and hurress sold at auction every Tuesday
j II a. m. at 1140 Folsom gt.
! JUST arrived from San Joaquln County, at
j Golden Gate Stablss, some fine driving
¦ horses for sale.
TOP delivery wagon, $C0; buggy, $10; cart,
$12 50; good business horse, $15. 79 City Hall
ave. '• •
HAICTTiSS and saddles, the best for the money,
at JKPSEN BROS. CO., inc.. the big store,
1145-1147 Market st.. San Francisco.
A LOT of che4p horses at Fifteenth and Ehot-
wcll
MUST be sold at a sacrifice ; 0 goods hones. S27
Sixth »t.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and gocart for tale cheap. C32 Mission st.
Largest . assortmt '-'-hand wagons, buckb'd, sur-
rey.harness, work, driving hordes. 15th-Valencia
A WEEK'S news for B csntr— The Weekly Call.
1« pepes. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
uolSES TO LET ~
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. DMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;'
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 243-25d Geary
et., on the square.
CASTRO, SCO — 0 sunny rooms, bath, large base-
ment: yard, garden. Key 811.
CLARA. 1CG»4, near Fifth— 4 room*. $12;
Km floor.
LYON. 120. nr. Oak— Furnished or unfurnlsh-
ed; 8 rooms, attic, bsmt.. laundry, furnace.
DETACHED sunny house; 5 rooms, bath, yara
cellar. 16.T3 Laguna St., near Sutter.
HOUSE, 1805 Waller nt., near Masonic ave., 9
rooms, bath, billiard room, modern; $50.
HOUSE, store, 5 rooms and bath, large yard,
chicken houses, 153 Day st.; $20.
MODERN 8-room house, sunny, large yard;
rent ?2~ 30. 4078 23d St., near Castro.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & UOWELL. 25 Pout st.
HOUSES KUR.MSMEU — t'OK SALE.
14 HOUSEKEEPING rooms, near .Mint; well
furnished; good tenants; price $425; sacri-
fice. 949 MiRaton st.
PRETTV home, 10 rooma, suitable for boarding
or rooming; .choice location; rent $10. 803
Leavenwortli: call afternoons.
HOUSES WASTED.
WANTED to lease in Oakland S-room house
with Rtable; must be east of Telegraph ave
Box 2O."2, Call. . ....
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — Thursday evening on Stanyan or Pul-
ton st*., bet. Pace and <Hiutes. black wrist-
hag: valued, iclft: contents valueless: finder
liberally rewarded. Return 1SO» Page st.
LOST— Ladies' gold watch nnd chain: watch
engraved R. D. ; on corner Lagur.a and Mc-
Alllster; reward. 1234 Flllmore st.
LOST — Fox terrier, brown and white; female;
license 1515; reward. 25CO Polk, cor. Filbert.
LOST— A black puppy; license No. 022. Return
to 259 Stevenson st. ; reward. •
FOUND— Diamond sunburst. Gough and Pine
sts.. Sept. 16; same has been In crterge of
Police Department since found; owner can
have same by proving- property and paying
expenses. Inquire DETECTIVE THOMAS
RYAN. Hall of Justice.
LOST— A paes book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of J. F. RILEY or SARAH RILEY.
No. fre-322. The finder will please return
to bank. ;
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbernla Savings
. and Loan . Soslety of San Francisco in the
name of ALICE E. PROVENCE. No. 271-
023. The finder will please return to bank.
lost— Friday at 5:30 p. m. on Deylsadero st..
between G. G. ave. and Eddy St., a chamlos
bag containing five rings. Return to 1710
G. G. ave. Liberal reward, no questions.
LOST — On Taylor st.. bet. California and
Washington, child's pink pique cape. Re-
turn 1140 Jackson gt. ; reward.
LOST— Pocket-book containing note and con-
tract; $5 reward. CRAIGIE SHARP, 718
Sycamore et.. Oakland. ., .
LOST — Yellow collie dog. Return to 1918 Jack-
son »t : _Re^ a 2!£l_-— — — - "
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs eld
rold and silver to make new watch canes.
.. .. .DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice — The- (Slant Powder Co..
Con. — A dividend. No. 69, of fifty cents (50c)
per share on the Issued capital stock. of tha
company has been declared payable at the
office ' of the company, rooms 202, 204 and
206 Hay ward bldg., San Francisco/ on No-
vember 10, 1903. -. Transfer books, close No-
vember 3. 1903, at noon. C. C. QUINN, Sec.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
RENT a piano for $3 per month; we allow six
months* rental of the purchase price if you
wish to buy; this gives you six months' trial
of the instrument for nothing; If the plan.
rented dees not suit we allow the rental on
any instrument in our stores; with such goods
as the McFhail cf Boston, the Schiller ami
cur own make to select from we can guar-
antee satisfaction to every one In quality,
price and terms. See the Scott-Curtax
"Bijcu." the smallest full scale piano in Han
Fiancisco. SCOTT-CURTAZ • PIANO CO..
560-t-'-t)4 Hayes tt.
ALL urrtfihts on our bargain slate to-day —
. Collr.rd,. .VS."., Filsher. $5< r >; Sherman & Hyde.
¦ftw); Welw, $»i5; Kirabal). $115; MartsfieiJ .*
Notr.i, $123; Haynes, $lu0: American. iit.T..
. Chlrkering. $1U"; Emerson. $172: Miller,
; $175; 2 Stelnways. large and email size, $!->'.
j and $290; Heine, large Ityle. sightly uaud.
VS-3. Rents S'2 up. appFl on purchase; in-
nalln-erits $4 up. HEINE PIANO CO., C:tS-
2:17 Geary st. : Oakland branch. Fifteenth and
Drcailway. old P. O. Bldg. Largest exelu-
tlve wholesale and retail dealers of the West.
WE do not advise the purchase of cheap piano?.
as they are seldom satisfactory, but w* have
. pianos at a medium price that can be guar-
anteed to please the moat critical. Our best
sellers are th- Behr Brcs.. Baumeister an<J
Schubert. THE ZENO MAUVAI.S MUSIC
CO.. 7C9 Market «t.
A FINE lot of second-hand uprlgttta from $&»
. up, including such makes as Chlckering.
Vos?. Kroner. Curtaz, Kirkham. P<?a.«e,
- Hardman. Marshall A Wendell. Itaus anl
others. nENJ.\ CURTAZ A SON. lti OFar-
rell gt. No branches in Pan Francisco.
A MASSIVE solid walnut car* rfstey organ,
two bankg of k?ys and p*dsl bass; cost $750-
your own price. DOWERS £ SON. 11 MasonJ
BAND Instruments: F. Besson. Paris, maker;
Gus Malwald. A2t. Par. Coast. 278 O'Farrell;
skillful repairing; 2d-hand instruments sold.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedcl Strinway upright piano:
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe's. 283 O'Farrell.
A RARE chance; a Hornunc Bros.' upright;
little used: muct be nold. 210 McAllister si.
RARE chance; cash or payments; elegant high
grade upright, lti McAllister st.
Unredeemed storag? pianos and furniture dirt
cheap. Whltehead's Storage. 1G36 Market st.
SOHMER, Byron £Iauzy clanos. Cecillan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. SOS-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR violin?, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLKR. rnalitr. repairer. 2 Latham place.
1'KRSOXALS.
THE BOSTON COUNCIL OF PHYSICIANS.
LADY SPECIALISTS— TO LADIES ONLY.
; WOMAN. KNOW THYSELF.
J Woman"* strength, beauty and happiness de-
pend upon the healthful development of all her
j attribute*. Disease paralyzes all her dearest
hopes and aspirations.
' KNOWLEDGE IS POWER.
It Is wisely said that no ether physicians of
I th* world can so unerrirgly describe and ex-
p!a:n every phase and condition of
LOfcT WOMANHOOD.
X-Ray examlnction-j and consultations free.
454 Geary st.
j . Hours. 11 to VI, 1 to 4.
j ATTENTION, LADIES—
To Eee Is to believe; go and s?e the exhibi-
tion at the Union Drug Store, cor. O'Farrell
j and Stockton «ts. : a living mod'l with ttae
: wrinkles and bazxine»3 removed from cn«
fide of the face a year ago by M. ELLA
| HARRIS of 781 O'Farrell st.
i THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray l?a!r. Im-
: proves Us growth. stops falling, currr dandruff
; and Itching scalp: no stain cr stJcIclBMs;
: ctean««c scalp;at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
i cept no eubstltute. Star Remedy Co.. 1338 Po]k.
VITALITY low. debilitated or exhausted cured
'by Dr. Kline's Invigorating Tonic: free Jl
trial bottle containing 2 weeks' treatment.
Dr. Kline's Institute. 911 Arch St., Phila-
delphia, founded 1871.
j NOT how cheap but how good 1- the motto of
! the manufacturers cf the Rapid, notary
i Standard, the tewlng-machlne of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market sf.
j PHYSICIAN. IB years' experience. cur»s per-
! manently morphine, cocaine nablt. Call or
i address Central Pharmacy. 2.11 Grant are..
] corner Sutter St.: f»e moderate.
[ RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, .silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank cr chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Mattliev/g. 709 Fifth St.. Oakland.
LADY desire? acquaintance of elJ?i"Iy gentle-
man of wealth and refinement. Box 813,
Call office. Oakland.
YOUNG man. :io, steady position. do«3 not
chew nor drink, wishes to correspond with
. working girl: object, matrimony. 2&J7. Call.
; ELEGANT suits on ea»y Installments; CO cent*
and up per week. LEON LEMO9. 1127
Market St.. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evgs., Tfutonra Hall. Howard St.. r.r.
8th; Prof. Foster: society dancing taught.
LIQUOR habit cured. We guarantee to cure
the liquor habit In 2 dsrs or no charges.
Acme Liquor Cure Co.. 097 Market, r. 202.
LESSONS given in manicuring: terms reason-
able. MME. H. EASTWOOD. rocni~702. Alto
bldg.. cor. Bush and Kearny; ent. on Bush.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all dross <JU-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
1839 Polk st.; consultation free;call or write.
REMOyAL — DR. W. C. BTRATTON has re-
moved his office from 2255 Mission st. to
rooms 573 and 574 Parrott bldg (Emporium).
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st. •
$5 HATS a specialty this week. 818 O'Far-
reli st.
OLD hats made new. 816 O'Farrell st.
ANDERSON— Elegant theatrical and masquer-
ade costumes rented. 26 O'Farrell st.
SUITS to order on Installments. $1 per week.
Xeuhaus & Co.. merch.tallors. 727-729 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair It moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. A Mrs. Traverse. 1170 Market.
' THE best place to buy good umbrellas or ;
have them covered or repaired Is 120 Stockton
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 60; dress pants $3 30.
Misflt Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes play books, wlga.
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Hefina restores «t*j
hair to Its natural color: $1; at all druggists*.
Superfluous hair and moles removed with elee-
trte neodle. Mrs. & Miss Eaton. 1119 Slitter.
PAL4HSTIIT.
MME. DEVAS— Scientific palmist and astrolo-
glBt; palm readings $1; 3 QUESTIONS
FREE: open Tuesday eve. also. 130 Post st.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. BIS
Taylor st.. near Geary. Phonn Black 561.
1'ArUHHANGINO, PAINTING, ETC.
ROOMS papered, $3 CO up; tinting, painting.
Hartman Paint Co.. 310 3d st.; tel. Main 413.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021% Market st.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases & specialty,
DR. BALL. 1073^ Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CUT. successor to Dr. LI P»
.Tal, herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
¦ by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
DR. H. C. WONG. 719 Post St.; all diseases
cured by Chinese herbs; consultation free.
WONG WOO; the famous herb doctor— All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
£ FHYBICIAW WAHTEP.
PHYSICIAN wanted for well established prac-
tice and well equipped office In Fresno. For
full particulars apply to DR. PARSEGAN.
Hotel Netherlands. 1 to 3 dally.
XIOOSIS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ANTLEKS, 413 Turk St.— Strictly modern, 4-3
room apartments; fur. or unfur. for hskp*.
ELLIS. 637 — Housekeeping, one room and
kitchen; no. children.
GEARY. 1034, near Van aress ave. — One nicely
furnished room, with use of kitchen.
GOLDEN' GATO ave.. 1042 — Parlor floor of 4
rooms; clean, cozy and convenient; with use
of piano.
HARRISON. 407 — Three furnished rooms to let
for housekeeping; rent $15.
HOWARD, 1030 — Sunny housekeeping rooms.
also single: gas; $G to $14 month.
OAK. 117 — Sunny front suites; $12 to $13; gas
ran^e, hot bath, laundry; adults.
SACRAMENTO. 1390—2 housekeeping rooms^
furnished or unfurh.; eunny; 2 large clcsets.
SUTTER,. 2372 — Sunny. 'Convenient, furnished
dining-room with folding-bed. . kitchen, sta-
tionary tubs; §15: with bedroom $18.
THIRD, 352 — Three sunny unfurnished house-
keeping rooms. $12.
CLASSIFIED Advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch Office. 2200 Fllltnore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia tt. . .- .: „-_-.- -w~w -~. c •-
llonarkpe 'lloomi — Apnrtm't Houses.
EL MONTEREY, the city's newest apartment
hotel. located on the north side of Pins St..
between Hyde and Leavenworth: a superb
brick building of Spanish architecture; all the
" comforts of housekeeping- combined with the
: conveniences of hotel Ufa; an excellent grill
i room in connection; prices very reasonable.
I A— THE LUCERNE ;
\ LARKIX ST.. BET. BUTTER ANT> BUSH:
THE SUNNIEST FURNISHED APART-
MENTS IN THE CITY: THOROUGHLY
MODERN; SUPERIOR SERVICE: CHOICE
j LOCATION; ALL CAR LINES: NOW OPEN.
I APOLLO Apartment. 52U Eddy— Netr building,
handsomely furnished; 2 and 3 rooms: every
convenience far housekeeping: reasonable;
within five minutes' walk to town.
THE Frederick. 901 Stanyan, opp. Park — Furn.
»j'nrtm?nt.«: pr!. bath: steam heater: Janitor.
ROOMS TO LET — Porn, and Infarn.
j A— THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
i THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
113 AND 117 F.DDY ST.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
MOST MODERN AND UP TO DATE HO-
TEL DOWNTOWN; ISO ROOMS: 35 8UITS
, WITH PRIVATE BATH; ELECTRIC
j LIGHTS: STEAM HEATED THROUGH-
• OUT: TELEPHONE IN EVERY ROOM:
1 SUITS WITH BATH. $1 30 to $2 BO PER
,' DAY: SINGLE ROOMS. 75o to $1; HOT
WATER DAY AND NIGHT. TELEPHONE
! SOUTH 1041.
j A— THE FREMONT. "
The rooet modern hotel in S. ~T. ; sin-!*
• and suite, bathd attached: electric light and
! telephone In every rm.; steam r.eated; elec-
tric elevator day and ntgrht: 75c to $1 50
¦ day; special rates by month. H64 Market
i st. Taka Haight. Valencia and Castro cars.
; aTiTworth hotiol.
' 320 Mason st.. bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
! Rooms with or without private- bath.
I New addition Jus-t completed; entire hou3c
I newly renovated: sun in rcom-» all day.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 118 Sixth St.— Rooms
25c to $1 per nl?M. $1 25 to $5 per week and
l!ght hausekTepin? rooms; open all night.
AT 'The Almonte." »73 Market st. (or No. I
Fifth st. >— > Rooms. 23c, 60c, $1. *l 50 night;
$t 50 to $10 week; hou?a open all night.
A— NEW ARLINGTON. 101.1 Market: nicely
: furnished rooms; |2 SO week up; 50c day up.
| BURNETT. 1420 Market (old No. 13*1)— Pur-
j nished rooms', suite, single: also unfurnished.
I CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
! furnished gunny rooms: prices reasonable.
I ELLIS, 1531 — I^irste runny furnished room; pri-
s vate family: every convenience: $7.
ELLIS, 1000. near Scott — Xice large furnished
room: gas; $5.
! FOURTH. 225 — Xice sunny front room, suit-
able lor two persjens.
j FRANKLIN', 721, T\^aT Turk — Sunny front
rooms: all conveniences; suitable for one or
| two: 48 50 tf> $17.
I FULTON. 8S3 — Newly furnished bay window
front rooms, en suite or single; gas, ohor.e.
GRAND Southern. 7ili and M>sicn — Rooms SOo
to $1 50 night: $1 to $'? week: reading-room.
HAYES, 3S5— Front furnished room; large
closet; rtnt $C.
HAYES. 461— Bargain; two days only; « fur-
| nished rooms; flat to let.
! KNICKERBOCKER apartments. 1340 Pin«. nr.
' Hyde — Steam heat, electric lighted. fre«
bath; 3-room sulte3 furnished. $30 up.
i ______^ — i — — — ¦
I LAGUNA and McAllister. St. James flat — Sun-
ny single room.
PACIFIC. 749 — Sunny front rocms la private
! family; SI per week and up.
ROYAL House. 120 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
i reading-room, smoking-rcom and ladlaa' par-
lor: rooms per night. -15c to $1 50; week, $2
to J5; month. $s to $"50; elevator en ground
fcor: rccms with hot and cold water; baths.
ST1SVENSON, Xt'£i — Nicely furnished sunny
front room; grate; IK.
THE Gillesple. Ill) 9th St. — Furnished rooms.
$l.~iO-$2fA> wk. : trans., 50c-$l night; quiet.
! UNITED STATES. 12."5 Eddy et.. near Market—
400 single and family rooms; 35c to $1 night:
$1 75 to SO week: elevator: electric lights;
r'ac! Ing-room: fr^e bu3 and baggage.
i _ .
VAN XE?S ave.. 312 — Large bay-window room;
j sun all djy; v»ry desirable.
VAN NESS. 510— H.indsome sunny furnished
(iiitps an'l single rcoms: all conveniences.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 14 Sd st.. near Market —
Most convenient and renpectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 nipht: |2 to $8 week; elevator;
' elec. lights: reading-room: free bus; baggage.
ADVERTISEMF.NT3. subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
I A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
i subscriptions has been established at 1098
ValT.ela st.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
H^f^L^B^LTLVIORET**' *
VAN' NESS AVE.. NEAR GEARY ST.
SELECT. FIRST-CLASS FAMILY HOTEI*
New and modern appointments ; lntercom-
; munlcatlr.gr and lone distance phones tn every
' room; steam heated; hot and cold ocean water
baths; cuisine and service best; American plan
enly, $3 to $5 day. Special rates by month.
STEVENSON mansion. 807 California «t.— At-
tractive and sightly rooms; best tab!* and
service; lowest rates.
VAN NESS ave.. 1714 — Private boarding-house,
homelike; every thins; first-class; sunny
suites: single rooms: choice locality: ret
ROOMS AND BOARD WASTED.
LADY wants room and board In family whera
there are only a few boarders; San Francisco
or Oakland. Box 3411. Call.
YOUNG lady, first-class pianiste. wishes room
and board; lessons part payment; references.
Box 2033. Cal.
GENTLEMAN wants board and room In refined
German family. Box 2C24. Call.
RCOMS WASTED.
WANTED^ — A sunny room north of Market st..
not over $": private family. Box 3893. Call.
SCIENTIFIC OPTICIANS.
DURING tha G. A. R. encampment Dr. Clls*
1023 Market st.. bet. 6th-7th. fitted glasses to>
. Gen. Miiea; you want the best as well as h>.
SEWIXG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES
NEW HOME eewlnjt machine; this week only;
$10. $13. $20: alightly used: needles 20c dcx.
NEW HOME 3. M. CO.. 1051 Market st.
SPECIALISTS.
C^TARRh7dEAFNES3 "and ! NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new method: 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottingham. 204 Sutter st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
Ladles! Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
ara best; safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4o
stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladies"
In letter by return mall. Ask your drugxlst.
Chlche«ter Chemical Co.. Philadelphia, Pa.
STABLES TO LET. ¦
STABLE of 5 stalls to let torlght man. 2S3SH
Harrison st. '
STORAGE AMP WAKEflOCTEI.
A^EMPORIuai Storage ft I Van Co.; furnltur^
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard st.. near Third; phone Grant 101.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving* Co.. of-
flce Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Prive. Eat. 571.
CONKZJN'S Storage — Vurnltur© and merchan-
dlse. 333 Golden Gato ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made: 840
Mission st ; tel. Howard 041. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture- Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmora St.; phon« Jackson 2S1.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
¦t.; t«l. Main 184a Shipping at cut rates.
STCTTERIXG AXD STAM2IEIU5O.
MELBOURNE School Van Ness-Market— Cur •
In every case; individual teaching; no modi-
cine. Inquire into wonderful cures ;homa cure.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS nrTTpEWRITERS^W*
sett better machines for less money than «n/
house In the city; rentals $3. Th* Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California: telephone Main 268.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
eomery st.
CD-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 60S Market.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 pw mr
PROFOSALS.
PROPOSALS will be received at the U. S.
Navy Yard. Mare Island. California, until 12
o'clock neon. November 1C 1303. and publicly
opened immediately thereafter, to furnlsli
teams at th? Mare Island Navy Yard until
July 1. 190-1. Elank proposals will ba fur-
nished upon application to the Navy Pay Of-
fice, San FrancliKo. "r to the Commandant.
IT. S Navy Yar.l. Mare Island. Cal. B. H.
¦¦McCALLA. Optal*-. V. S. N.. Commandant.
For Additional Classified Advertise-
ments See Page Thirty-Eight.THE FAN.l'KAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 8. 1903.
38
A NEW plate— The Whalebone — cannot break:
warranted 20 yrs. ; crown $3 50: fillings. 50c:
plates, $5; full setjall work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns $2 up; fillings. 25c.
GOLD fillings 75c: silver 35c; crown*. $2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
! ' ¦
j tmESSMAKEKS AM> SEAMSTRESSES
j SUCCESS! SUCCESS! SUCCESS!
The McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery
I School, after 12 years of successful work, offers
more to its pupils than ever before; increased |
corps of teachers; best course in millinery giv- i
en on the coast; positions furnished; special I
offer to pupils entering this week; patterns cut
to measure. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDION sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory 110 Taylor.
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School
—Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
KUUCATIO.NAX.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk St..
between Pine and California: both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
ATRES. the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket st. ; special summer course In all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar- j
fhlp. $50; day and evening sessions.
CALIFORNIA Btisinees CollegeTiob Larkln st.
"A thorough school"; positions secured for
graduates ; modern methods; individual in-
struction. Write for Illustrated catalogue.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school ]
for the university law and medical colleges; i
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
THE PAUL GERSON School of Acting, the
foremost institution of the kind In the ontJra
West; ( 12 teachers: send for catalogue. Native
Sons' bldg.. 414 Mason st.
A— SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236
Market ft.— Practical, progressive, reliable;
cay and evening sessions; write for catalogue.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day ev^s.. T«utonla Hall. Howard St.. nr.
8th. Prof. Foeter; society dancing taught.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. min.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay cyanide- day eve. ; est. 1864. Van |
I der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall. I
! HEALD'S School of Mines & Electricity. 24 Post \
St.. S. F. : a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue fre.a. j
"KINGSLAND art colors" are the best for i
painting wood, leather and photos. OLIVIA |
KINGSLAND.
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College, 630 Golden Gate
ave.: full business course; day and evening.
! WANTED — 1000 outo culture teachers at once;
| long employment sure. 138 McAlllsterjBt.
' A YOUNG man wants exchange Spanish lesson
to the English. Pox 2040. Call office.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
i PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine Bt Night class, j
1 ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing. ,
etc. ; day or eve. : $5 mo. 1024 Mlsslon.nr. 6th. j
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly |
! <~sll. 16 pages, sent to any address In th* |
Unlfu Ptnten <>r Canada nni* yrxr for tl. |
I FLATS •*•<> LET.
! A— HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list;
j service absolutely free; take advantage of
! this department: It will cave you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-239 Geary
Et., on the square.
ALL of the most desirable flats and houses are
listed in our renting department; let us give J
you a list and help you find one tn the loca- !
tlon you want. STERLING FUHNITURE I
COMPANY. 1030 Market st.; service* abso-
lutely free.
A NEARLY new 6-room sunny corner fiat: j
basement: flrst-clars in every respect. 3945 ]
Seventeenth s>t., near Market; Castro and i
Eljhteenth-street cars. |
1 NEW, modern, up-to-date 7-room flats, mid- j
I dl<» and upper: 731-733 Fulton st. ; rents i
$32 fiO pnd *3.">: near Buchanan st. Apply
MADISON & BURKE.
¦ LARGEST list of new flats and houses; call
for printed list. LYON & HOAG. 118 Mont-
J gomtry.
i TO let — Single flat over store. 4 rooms, bath
and kitchen: SI5 per month. 1417 Pacific
l St., near Hyde.
j CHENERY and Falrmount sts. — New. 5 and 6
I rooms. $20 and $22 BO. BURNHAM &
; MARSH, 211 Montgomery st.
j CASTRO, 500, near 18th— Sunny fl-room flat,
I modern conveniences, bath: rent ?23.
i DOWN town flat (upper), north side, 7 rooms,
bath. <J2S Golden Gate ave., near Van Ness.
JONES. C10. near O'Farrell — Rear lower flat,
three sunny rooms; large cellar; rent $15.
| HAYWARD. 2. off Harrlnon. near 8th— Sunny
upper flat. 4 rooms: runt $11.
i ELLIS R10. nr. Polk — For business purposes; 3
rms.: all conveniences: electric llsrht, power, j
MODERN fiat. 5 rooms and bath. 350 Oak st., I
between Octavla and Laguna.
j PERRY. 2(53— Rear flat. 4 rooms; rent $11.
{ PINE. 76fl, nrar Powell — New, sunny, middle
! flat: 0 rooms and bath; rent $55.
i POST. 13TO — New 2-story limner fiat S rooms;
bath; sun all day; detached.
| TWO sunny new flats cheap; corner 24th and
; Fair Oaks. Owner on premises to-day.
I TWO swell, new. 7-room, sunny flats: rent
! reasonable. 537 Clayton, near Haight.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 1C pages, sent to any address In th»
I ' ' ¦
j, FLATS TO LET — FMtXISHED.
ELEGANTLY furnished S-room modern flat to
, rent or sell: reasonable. 2307 Van Ness ave.
FLATS FOR SALE FURNISHED.
NEWLY furnished flat of 6 rooms for sale
cheap; rent ?22 50. 315 Gough Bt.
FLATS WANTED.
WANTED — By man and wife, a furnished flat
for 6 months: centrally located. Address,
stating terms, box 2923. Call.
FACIAS M.AS3AQE.
A — WRINKLES removed; fine complexion guar-
anteed, new method: 50c. M. LUTON, mani-
curing parlors. 7fi4 Larkin rt.: phon* Polk 17.
HELP WASTED FEMAJLl^
A—
WANTED — A few more highly recommended
chamber and parlor maids, also cooks, to
register names and addresses for first-class
positions.
THE DOMESTIC CLUB,
MRS. M. M. THOMPSON, Manager.
Office 30 Un'°n Square bldg., 233 Geary,
opp. City of Paris Dry Goods Store.
Patronized by leading ladies of San Fran-
cisco. High-class help supplied, male and
female.
Phone Bush C54.
A — WANTED— Operators on ladles' underwear:
good pay; steady work. 66 Mission st., third
floor.
A — 150 OPERATORS on ladles' summer
waists; good pay; steady work. C58 Mission
St., third floor.
A— TAILORESSES wanted on children's coats
and suits; good pay. 650 Mission St., third
lioor.
A— OPERATORS wanted to sew at home. 656
Mission St., third floor.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for fatl season;
both seasons taught from start to finish In 1
month for $10; positions as trimmers, sales-
ladies, etc., guaranteed at $10 per 'week up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton nt'., r. 13.
A— WANTED — Girls to learn halrdresslng.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 'i weeks: $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week, up; leading school in
West. 233 Geary St.. room 13.
LADIES to do plain sewing at home, $8 to $13
paid weekly; experience unnecessary; mat?rlai
sent free everywhere. Send stamped envelope
for particulars. WEBER MFG. CO.. 1135
Broadway, New York.
A— LADIES ta^learn all branches halrdresslng
trade; manlctTrlng, massage, etc., »1236 Mar-
ket st., cor. Jones, room 04; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve, class; call.
SEWIXG MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES. 32% FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
j. WANTED — First-class stenographer and type-
. writer for lumber manufacturer's . city of-
I flee; apply in own handwriting; references
\ required. Box 2029. Call office.
| A GIRL" to assist In general housework. 1282
i Pa*Q «t. .- ¦! ¦¦¦;:,. ¦..<,
rnrnni sbwvicm. '
UNITARIAN Church (First). SW. corner
Geary and Franklin sts.— Rev. Bradford
Lcuv'itt. minuter. Bev. Bradford Lenvitt
and Charles A. Murdock. superintendent!" of
Baaday-acb-nl Junior church and Sunday-
fchoof are 3t 10 o'clock. The morning service
is at 11 o'clock. llev. Bradford I^eavitt will
iroach. s?ubj-?ct. "The Bread of Life." Par-
tnts may leave children in the kindergarten
during t-ervlce. Music by quartet, under di-
reetton of H. Bretherick, crtanlRt. All are ;
<-ordiaMy invited. There U no evening ser-
vice. * ¦ -
UNITARIAN rhurcli (Second), corner Twen-
tieth and c"at<» b>. (take Mission or Valen- ,
cia st. car)— llev. Jay William Hudson, min- ;
Ister. residence :«<O Capp st. The Sunday- j
x-.hool m«*ta at 0:45 o'clock. W. C. Max- •
wtll. superintendent. At the morning service ;
at 11 o'clock Kev. Jay William Hudson will ,
I-reach. Subject. 'Does the Christian j
Church Need Miracles?" Music by orches-
tra and choir, under the direction of Jabish
Oemefct. All the feats are free. No regu-
lar evenine service^
FIRST Presbyterian Church. V«n Ness ave.
and Eacramemo ft.— Rev. vCilliam Kirk
Guthrle, pastor. Morning service 11 o'clock,
subject "Thi-re Came a Leper" (Matt. 8:1-41; ;
evening prrvice 7:30 o'clock, subject "The,
Joy and Sorrow in Religion" : the pastor ¦rill]
jircach at iw.h services: Sabbath-school 12:oV
p m. ; Christian Endeavor societies 3:15 and ;
«i:15 p. m.; Wednesday 8 p. m. mid-week ser-
vice. All are cordially invited.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Jack- |
eon and Fillmore sts. — Re\\ John Hemphlll, j
D. D., pastor. Morning B <-rvice at 11 o'clock, j
Evening p.-rv|ce at 7:30 o'clock. Professor i
Hugh W Gilchrlst of the Theological Semln- |
ary, San Anselmo v.-ill preach at both ser-
vices. Sabbath echool et 9:30 a.m.; orchestral j
music. Christian Endeavor meeting at C:3U !
p. m Prayer meeting Wednesday evening at
S o'clock. All are cordially invited.
WESTMINSTER Presbyterian Church, corner
Webster and Page sts. — Haight, Hayes and
Fillmore street cars handy. Sermon at 11 !
a. m. by Rev. J. T. Wills. D. D. Topic. |
"Why God Is Mindful of Man," and in the
evening at 7:45. topic, "Man Observed by I
Angelic Spectators." Sunday-sehix>l at 9:45: :
Christian Endeavor et 0:30: crayer meeting ;
every Wednesday evening at . :45. All in- .
vitc-d and welcome. • .
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church, Post St., |
near WebFter^ — Rev. I. C. Meserve, D. D.. i
pastor. Morning worship at 11, preceded by j
Sunday school at 9:30., Evening worship at
7:43. In the evening the paftor will deliver
the second In a series of Sunday evening ad-
dresses on "Civic and Social Righteousness,"
dealing with men in their international and •
lnter-raciitl relations. The people are welcome, j
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post ;
and Mason fts — liev. George C. Adams. D. i
D., pastor, will preach at both services. At ,
11 a. m., topic, "peven Tears." At 7:45 p. I
ta., tos-ic, "rrom Talth to Faith." All are !
cordially Invited. ;
THIRD Congregational, Fifteenth St., near !
Mission — H>.v. William Rader. pastor, will j
j>reach at both services. 11 a. m., "The ¦
Sympathy of God." 7:30 j>. m.. "The j
Prophet In Universal History," first In series ;
on Old Testament prophets with modern ap- •
plication. ;
SIMPFON Memorial Methodist Episcopal j
Church, cnr. Hayes and Buchanan st?. — Rev. !
John Btepbeaa. pastor. 333 Haight Ft. Sermon t
at II *-m. on "The Hiph Calling" and at 7: SO |
p. m. on "Winners and Losers." Heats free, j
All invited. Sunday-school at 12:3<> j>. m.. )
C. B. Perkins. superintendent Epworth
League at 6:30 p. m.. Dr. R. O. Moody,
president.
FIRST P.ajitit-t Church, Eddy st.. near Jones — |
I'reachine morning and evening by Rev. I
Thon-.as liaJdwin. I>. D. ; topic 11 a. m., "His i
Mighty Power"; 7:."W p. m., "A Hebrew [
Story": Bible school at 12:30 p. m. ; lesson!
topic "David's Grief Over Absalom" ; Chris- j
tian Endeavor meetings <i:30 p. m.; mid- |
week j>rayer service Wednesday, 7:45 p. m.
All art cordially invited to these services. |
TRINIT1' Church, corner Bush and Gough sts. !
i-Iiev. Frederick W. Clamp^tt, D. l>.. rector. !
Holy rommunlnn 7:30 a. m. ; Sunday-school'
if.tH) a. m.; morning prayer 11 o'clock: per- j
mon by rector; evening prayer 8 o'clock and
sermon. You are cordially Invited.
F1R.ST Church of Christ. Scientist. Central
block. 22.'. Sutter n.. bet. Kearny and Grant :
ave.— Christian Science service at 11 a. m. ;
frubj'Vt at l«-si*i>n-*erman. "Mortals and Im- t
mortals." Sunday school for children at the
ranif hour; Wtdnesday evening meeting at S
o'clock; free reading-room. 2ufi Kearny et., \
room? B0B-S1O; all are welcome.
CHURCH of Christ. Twenty-fourth fit., bet. i
Noe and Castro — Dr. P. Brett M>u-gan is ex-
fiectcd to deliver a course of free <4 o'cIock)
Sunday lectures: Nov. S. ••Astronomical. 15A
Sun SjKits; 2-'d. "The French Revolution."
The public welcomed.
THE People's Church. 223 Putter st.. Sunday
evenirp, h p. m. Mrs. Anna L. Gillesple.
lifistor.
A GREAT men meeting for men will be held
at the Young Men's Christian Association Au-
ditorium Mason ard Ellis sta. to-day at 3
<.<.:.vk. Rev. W. H. Williams will address
the meeting. This is the day ar.d week of
jirsyer for young men In all lands. Services
uill be held at the association every night
this week at 8 o'clock, except Friday. All
young men invited. Orchestral music to-day.-
SPECIAL IiiMe adnrt^ses in the hall. 17 Cf ty I
Hall square, near Market st.. Sunday after- j
noon at 3 o'clock, and Sunday, Tuesday and
Wednesday evenings at 7:45. Mr. William
MK"andleBf> from the East will speak. All
welcome: Ffats free.
THE Theosof.nical Society — Colonel H. S. Ol-
cott. president-founder. Free public If-cture !
«t * p. m. !n Golden Gate Hall. Sutter St.. by '
C. W. Leadbeater of London. Subject. "The
Use 1 and Abure of Psychic Powers."
— SL.M)AY.
W. J. COLVILLE
Lectures in room 11, Flood building. 809 Mar-
ket Ft.. San Francisco, at 3 p. m. ; in Loring
Hall, 531 11th St.. Oakland. 7:3tt p. m. Sub-
ject. "The Lesson of Hen Hur — A Tale of the
World's Messiah." Collection.
Claes instruction in tame hall. Pan Fran-
cisco, Tues., Thure., fc'at., this month, at 3 and
ti d. m.
OUTO culture stands for the life essence of all
teachings known or to be known; it must be
that and naught else or it is not outo cul-
ture; ln\ - estigate text and prove fur your-
Folve?; Sunday and week-day classes. 138
McAllister *t.
Dr. Mclvor-Tyndall to-night. Stelnway Hall.
223 Sutter: subject "Hypnotism and Crime";
demonstrations in psychological phenomena,
thought transference, telepathy, clairvoyance;
special tests. Woman's Mind. Lost Family.
KATIE HEUPSMANN'S free spiritual lec-
ti.re test? to-night. 909 Market St.. Colanthe
Hall. Circle Friday evening. 25c. 1000 Har-
rison st. Telephone Mint U97.
MME. SEELEVS flower test; spirit costume;
spiritual healing: come, sick and afflicted;
ad. 10c. Friendship Hall. I. O. O. F. bldg.
A MUSICAL «eance given by Madam Starr,
Sunday evening. 8 p. m.. under spirit power
(not from books); admission 25c.
A — MRS. SEAL, spiritual business medium; life
reader; dcv. circle Wed. eve. 1424 Market.
W. G. KEEOAX holds a test seance every night
except Saturday. Hie; sit. 10 to 0. 14.S Cth St.
MRS. STODDARD pive B genuine recognizable
teats t» each person: Sun.. Tues. 27S ttth.
TESTF. front hall. 909 Market st 2-&- Mrs
Pitrrff. Mr. Urigcs. Mr. Wilson; 10c.
EARLE'S seance to-night. 1052 Ellis st.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing eeance to-night
at 8 o'clock. |1.. H>h4 Bush ft.
SUltPAY LECTCHES.
DR. JOHN A KEItGAX'S free- lecture thin
ewetnaft Crystal Hall. Pythian Castle :«>.l
Market ft.; subject, "The Teeth and Nails"
followed by views 'In the Germ World"- f-'ee
tickets will be distributed for X-ray exhibi-
tion at sanitarium. Tuesday evening; remem-
ber the question box. fc>j>cc!al music.
O. N. ORLOW'S lector* this Sunday evening
In Golden Gate Hall (upper), 023 Sutter st
At !> o'clock t-harn. will b« a talk on "
"The Electric Violet Hay of the Mind"
Piano and vocal Bolpe. AJmisslon Is free.
1'ROGKS.SSIVE gplritu-Ilsts. oil Fellows'
Uidg., Seventh and Market Fts. — Mr« R 6
Llllw speaker. Musi? by Misa Alice Severance!
HGIUZON lectures; free; Edward B Fayn"-
»on; current topics. I. O. O. F. bldg.', 3 pTm.
"NOW" lecture. Henry Harrison Crown. "Now
Philosophy." Odd Fellows' building o p. m.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Tne Weekly
Call. IS paces, sent, to any address tn th«
fnlted States r,r Canada one year for >1.
MKKTINf; »OTlCKs7
SPERANZA ITALIANA LODGE NO. «
21'J. F. & A. M.— The orficera andVV
members of the above-named lodge are 7^r\
hcr< by notified lo attend the funeral
of «mr !»te brother. GAETAXA SIMI at
Ma>onlc Tempi*, cor. I-"o*t and Montgomery
»:ti».. en Monday. November !». 1003, f,t 12:30
j:. ;n. Master Mason* and friends of the de-
ceased *r» invited. Uy order of the Master
By order of the Master.
G. SCALMININI. Secretary.
ALTA Lodge No. 205. I. O. O. F.— _»__hu_
Initiaiion MONDAY, Nov. !>. .-Wj€i*?*t-,
All members -re rrquo? t«d lo' : ?Z%<®_&3
attend. Vlsltcr* welcome. *%ItmW»
ALFRED VOLIGNT. N. G.
B. F. LEDFORD. llec. Sec.
UNITY Lodge No. 13). I. O. O. F.
—Initiation. Tuesday evening. c/Jm!B*sfe
Nov. JO. Visiting brothers cor-^jSX#-"~5J
dlally invited- 'Stii;**^
. F. H. HOLCOMB. N. G.
E. H. ANDREWS. R. S.
£nUMXESS CHANCES — .jContlnoed^ |
51200 — POULTRY", butter, egg and fruit store; •
income $30 to $40 per month; rent, $02 50. i
MONTGOMERY & TILLEY. 105 Tele-
graph ave.. Oakland, quick sellers of
rooming houses and business chances.
4 i
UCOO — Restaurant; central; seats 50 people;
clearing $100 per month; everything com- |
plete. MONTGOMERY & TILLEY. 103 I
Telegraph ave., Oakland.
$750 — Bor.rding and rooming house; Berkeley,
near University grounds: 24 rooms; mod-
em. MONTGOMERY & TILLEY, 105
Telegrai'h ave., Oakland, Cal.
FOR pale — Furniture, carpets and good will of
a now brick apartment house of 175 room*
in the city's swellest locality: partly fur- i
nlshed, and although Just opened is over half j
' filled with recular tenants already; long
lease; if you .want an apartment house don't
fall to get particulars of this at rooms 1401
and 1405, Call building^ _^
FOR SALE BY ELROD & HULL.
$550 — Chicken ranch; chickens and tools for
sale; 6-room house; 0 acres of good land for
rent. $12 per month; lease for 4 years. ¦
ELROD & HULL, corner Fruitvale ave. and
Washington Ft., Fruitvale.
FOR pale — A good grocery business: centrally
located in Oakland; stock about $70u0. For
further particulars, apply to J. J. SCHUTZ,
care Haas Bros.. San Francisco. •
£6000 — DAIRY farm, stock, tools, milk route;
Income $15 per day. 411 Hearst building.
A MONEY-MAKER; delicacy kitchen; clears
over $100 per month. Box 2042, Call office.
$500— GENTLEMAN for silent Interest, indus-
trial concern. Box 3413. Call office.
BAKERY for pale at 1550 Church St.; good
business*; all etore trade; owner going East.
BRANCH bakery for sale. 1O2GV4 Hyde St.. op-
posite power-house.
FRUIT store for sale. 1315 Stockton.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALES.
GOOD chance — $150; furniture of S rooms,
boarding and lodging house; all full. 1031
McAllister St.
ROOMING-house, 28 rooms, good location,
$22f»O; no agents. Box 3403. Call.
SPIRITUALISM.
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slate-
writing and clairvoyance: stamp for circular.
1112 Eddy et.. nr. Octavla: phone Scott SS7.
ETHEL CR1NDLE, special materializing \
ueance Sunday evening, f.t>c. 328 Ellis st. i
MRS. ADA FOGE. 33G O'Farrell Ft., corner
Taylor; sittings dally from 10 to 4.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings dally.
9:30 to 4: rf»wncs Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvo>ant and
l'almist Ever In San Francesco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fail to tell your name, occu- \
pation and what you called lor; 1 promise to tell i
you whether husband, wife or sweetheart Is truj ,
or false; tell you who and when you will marry; [
in fact. I will tell you every hope, tear or ambl- ]
tlon better than you can teil yourself; I will (five j
you luck that wins success In love, marriage, di- I
vorce, business, speculation, mining, health and !
lost vitality, etc.; hours 1U a. m. to S p. m. j
320— O'Farrell Ft.— .120. Readinss $1. (
MME. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third Et., next Examiner
bldg.*: *he reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future: If you are fn trouble,
discontented or not satisfied In iife, or have
domestic, love or business troubles, consult
this fireat medium and you will be told how
to overcome them; valuable advice in all af-
fairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaran-
teed: readings by mail. Tel. Blark 4509.
A— L-I-V-O-R-N-O,
L-I-V-O-K-N-O,
The World-P.enowned Palmist
and Crystal Gazer,
34 Kearny st.
Over Hammersmith & Fields. Phone Black 2433.
DO NOT LOSE HOPE.
"Madame Llvorno saved me seriou9 mis-
takes," eaj-R Sarah Bernh.irdt. Thousands say
the same thing. Three questions by mail, $1.
Send month aYid year of birth.
ALL secrets, names, dates, changes. Journeys,
love, marriage, divorce, past, future pros-
pects. Fpeculations.mlnirg.lawsults. everything
truthfully rcvralcd or $1CO forfeited: luoky
charms tree; also magnetlsm.clatrvoyance, me-
diums developed free. Consult Miss Ward, tho
gr?at Egyptian princess: office fee 50c;by mail
$1 ;send money by registered letter or express
order. Hours 11 p. m. , 413 Mason; no sign.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
pal;alst, permanently located at 11U4 Market
tt., cor. Turk: private readings daily, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m. ; reaJlngs by mail as satisfac-
tory a« In person: 3 questions answered, $1,
full IKe. $.".; send lock of hair, date and year
of birth: tion't send mrrency. Send pct>iotd:e,
Wells-Karco money order or registered letter.
LIFE MYSTERIES REVEALED.
MRS DR. E. SANDERS.
Spiritual medium: only teacher of mind teleg-
raphy in the world whose system never falls.
Learn It; it will bring you HEALTH.
WEALTH and LOVE. Develops mediums
and teaches occultism. Hours, 10 a. m. to S
I>. m. 41S Post st.
MIS.3 ZEJIDAR, young gifted clalr. and palm.
I have astcnlshed thousands with my wonder-
ful correct horoscope o? their lives, past,
prestnt ar.d future; I correctly treat your
love affairs, domestic troubles, iws. & flnan.
success; names; L. 50c. G. $1. 714 Franklin.
A — MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
'¦a'd reader born with a double veil and sec-
ond slcht; tells the past, present and future;
ladies 50c; gents, $1; by cards, palmistry
ar.d clairvoyant sitting; $1 r>0. 126 Turk st.
MRS. A. H. Kronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant,
card readrr. will give a good reading. 10c. for
a short time only: when others fall try me to
convince younrelf. 721 Franklin, near Turk.
A — Mm* Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 4th st.. near Market.
MISS WARD gives names, dates and facts;
hours 11 a. m. to 0 p. m. 413 Masonino sign.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader: la. 25c,
gents 50c. S51 Mission et., nr. Cth; open Sun.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladies
2oc, gents 5(»c; readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
MRS. E. L. DAVIS, clairvoyant, card reader.
059 Mission St.. room (5.
MME. BARTAN, professional card reader.
21t;V£ Sixth st.; 25c.
TEST medium, clairvoyant, card reader; names
given; 25c and 50c. 10US Harrison st., nr. 6th.
MME. ZEREDA. medium and card leader; la-
dies 25c. gents 50c. 28 7th st.. r. 5; no sign.
MME. MARSEAU — Clairvoyant, card reader;
ladies 25c. gents 50c; hrs., 1 to 9. 545 Minna.
MME. LAMAR. wonderrul palmist; card read-
er; 25c. 50c. 520 Jones St.; hours 1-9 p. m.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
26% Kearny, room 20; ladles 25c; gents GOc.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader: sit-
tings daily. 448% Jessie st., bet. 5th and Cth.
CHEAPEST nnd best In America — The Weekly
Call. 10 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
pottage paid. ¦
CAKPET I1KATIXG AM> CLEAXlNO.
AIK compressed, dry. Ice cold, is now univer-
sally UK-d In sanitary cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or Injury: prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.: phone Main 6237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
Vnd for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing WorkF. 355-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S0O Har-
rison et.: Al cleaning; 3c: tel. Mission 225.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor. 320 Guerrero st. ; tel.. Mission 40.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. •
tel. Main S94. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet- beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison et.; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
333 Golden Gwte wvo.: telephone East 12U.
CREDIT CIiOTHISBS.
C. F. ADAMS CO. ~™
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
We clothe the whole family from hats to
thoes: everything up to date at cash prices.
rr<-<it» for all 318 Mason st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 0-10: tel. 55S6.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$27 50— C-ROOM cottage to let. Key at Park
House. 2304 Fulton st.
"" ~ " ~'~ r "Z.-,.^. - pj^T*^?^ „
DR. GRUSS. 504-B-O Callaghan bldg.. Market
and McAllister sts., uses the Basford Obtun-
der. the only device ever invented for grind-
Ing, drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
without pain. For demonstration and proof
call at office.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
. — No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting. 00c: ras given.
flFXr WAXTEn—FEMALE— Con. j
A PARLORMAID and waitress for . small
family. $30; a chambermaid who can sew i
well for private family $25; a laundress for ;
3 In famUy. steady place, in city. $30; a
first-class waitress for hotel cafe In city. ?-«>;
a cook for. a lunch counter. $9 a week; a;
second girl willing to assist with one grown ,
child, place in Oakland, wages $30 a month:
a maid and seamstress for lady stopping at ,
hotel, $25; a nurse for one grown child. $25 i
(place In city); four cooks for plain places, -i
$30 each; twenty houseglrls for city and
country places wages $25 and $30. MISS.
PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter st.. near Powell. j
COOK. San Jose. $35. no washing: 2 cooks. I
city, no washing, $35; 4 cooks. $30. German ¦
style; 4 nursegirls. $15-$20-$25; parlormaid, j
$25; 4 second girls, $20-$25; chambermaid. :
$20; 4 waitresses. $25; laundress for lnstitu- I
tlon, $25, will take woman and child: lady's j
maid. $20; dining-room girl, hospital. $20;
nurse for a home. $20; chambermaid, wait 1
meal, ?25; housework. San Mateo. $25; bell- j
girl. ?15. and a large number of housegirls j
to call Monday for both city and country. !
$20-$25-$30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & I
CO., 334 Sntter st. /
A YOUNG woman, educated and refined, Of ex-
ceptionally good appearance and address,
healthy, clear complexion and good figure,
as general assistant and co-worker with a
traveling face and form specialist, lecturing
and demonstrating his superior system; this
Is an exceptional opportunity; experience not
necessary, but unless you have ability and
above qualifications do not answer. Address
box 3412, Call office.
WANTED — Reliable Protestant girl for a per-
manent position to care for grown children
and help with housework; references re-
quired. Address box 2030, Call office.
LADIES to do piecework home; we furnish ma-
terials; pay $7 to $12 weekly. Send stamped
envelope to Royal Co., 24 E. Monroe. Chicago.
WANTED — Lady typewriter that can Invest
$100; will be good permanent position; money
can be withdrawn when leaving situation.
Address box 2042. Call office.
WANTED — Thoroughly experienced hosiery
and underwear saleslady; best of references
required. Apply at LIVINGSTON BROS.,
123-9 Post st.
WANTED — Lady office asststant; one accus-
tomed to billing preferred; give reference, ex-
perience and wages expected. Address Box
2034. I
WANTED — Experienced fitter and alteration
hand for skirts and waists. Apply at J. M.
LEVEE & CO.. cor. Powell and Geary sts.
LADIES having doilies, centerpieces. Batten-
berg, drawn work to sell address Ladles' Ex-
change, Monroe it.. Chicago. J
RELIABLE woman to assist with housework j
and care of children; good home; $25 per I
mo. Address Box 844. Call Office. Oakland. \
RIVETERS on overalls. Inexperienced; paid j
while learning. HEYNEMANN & CO..
Tenth and Howard.
LADIES— $30 per 100 writing short letters; no I
deposit: no canvassing. LADIES' SUPPLY
CO.. Dept. AO, Indianapolis Ind.
WANTED — Younj girls of good families to j
learn stock keeping. Apply between 0 and ;
10 a. m., I. MAGNIN & CO.. 43-53 Ellis st. i
LADIES to write letters home; $25 a 100. Ad- j
rtress AMERICAN NOVELTY CO., Dept. 101, ]
' South Bend, Ind^ ' I
GOOD competent salesladies; excellent oppor-
tunity for proper party. Apply THE GA-
MOSSI, 101 Post st.
WANTED — A waitress and parlor maid in pri-
vate family; wages $30. Call 016 Leaven-
worth st. Monday morning.
APPRENTICE wanted at dressmaking: paid
while learning. MRS. M. G. ALLEN. 778 i
O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Girl with experience In bakery
store. 1130 Folsom st.
A GIRL to do cookin? and housework; wages
$25. 1023 O'Farrell st.. near Van Ness ave.
WANTED — Experienced waist and skirt hands.
Call Sunday, 1C15A Clay eU
WANTED — Girl for wrapping desk. Apply at
LIVINGSTON BROS., 123-9 Post St.
EXPERIENCED saleslady eteady for candy
store at 1409 Polt st. : call after 10 a. m.
WOMAN to travel: work pleasant, creative and
educational. Box 203«. Call "office.
! YOUNG lady housekeeper: good home; light
work; fair wages. Call to-day. 4C5 Eddy.
WANTED — Elderly lady to assist In house-
work. Call at 1117 Pierce st.
WANTED — Apprentice for studio; one apt at
drawing preferred. Box 3414, Call office.
ELDERLY German Catholic woman for house-
work; $6 per week. Inquire at 1071 Market.
WANTED — Two first-class French lroners; po-
nlttons gteady. 7C0 McAllister at.
WANTED — An experienced corset saleslady at
JOE ROSENBERG'S. SIC Market st.
EXPERIENCED woman to attend shooting
gallery evenings; $1 per day. 1050 Market st.
GIRLS about 15 for factory work; good wages.
Apply at once. AMES & HARRIS. 100 Sac-
ramnnto st.
A LADY of indomitable energy to make money
and a convincing talker. F. PERSON, 477
and 478 Pnrrott bulldlnc.
WOMAN to do washing and housecleanlng two
forenoons a week. Box 2020. Call office.
I WANTED — A shirt polisher. French Laundry
Co., 3372 Mission St.
SKIRT and waist hands for dressmaking at
lP.o!> Webster st.
CIGARETTE makers wanted: learners taken:
steady work: good wages. The John Bollman
Co.. corner Front and Pacific sts.
FIRST CLASS stenographers furnished. Miss
M. G. Barrett, instructor. 302 Montgomery.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement! anil
tubscrlptlons has been established at 10BS
Valencia st.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
520 Sacramento st., 620.
Phone Main 1101. Cor. Leldesdorft st.
R. R. conductor, free fare both waysv to go
to Central America.
Office cpen to-day (Sunday), 11 to 12 m,
15 laborers, clear land, grub, cut brush, etc.,
cheap fare. $2 25 day.
CHICO— HALF FARE— BUTTE CO. SHIP
TO-NIGHT — 100 teamsters, 2 and 4 horses,
$2 25 and $2 50 day. CHICO.
Men, call and see us. We have a great many
other Jobs not advertised.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
520 Sacramento st.
ANDRE'S office, 317 Stockton st. — Walter,
plain hotel, $3(1 found; waiter. cofTee-houser,
$30 and room; butler, $40 to $50; second but-
ler, $35; broiler, $50; cook, $19 a week; sec-
ond cook. $75: omnibus, hotel, $25; portsr,
saloon. $25; French or Swiss confectioner,
$80, etc.
AT "E. & B." R. R. Labor Agency,
6CS Commercial st.
Free Fare — Free Fare.
f>0 tunnel men. $2 60 to $3 day.
TO muckers and drillers, $2 to $2 50 a day.
100 laborers. $2 a day.
Long Job; eight months' work.
Free fare — Ryndon, Nevada.
•'E. & B." R. R. LABOR AGENCT.
(V?p Commercial st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery. R. 12.
Walter for help's hall. $30.
GOVERNMENT positions— More than 13,000
appointments last year; chances even better
now; examinations In every State; thousands
prepared by Nat'l Corres. Inst., Washington,
D. C, the originators of this work, are now
in the service. . Write for circular J-l, show-
ing positions, salaries, examinations, sample
questions, etc., to our Pacific Coast Office,
U27 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.
EXPERIENCED SALESMAN OR PHYSI-
CIAN NOT PRACTICING. TO SELL TO
DOCTORS; ESTABLISHED TRADE; PER-
MANENT, REMUNERATIVE. P. O. BOX
858, PHILADELPHIA.
EXPERIENCED solicitors wanted, male or
female, to place Royal Mercantile Diamond
. contracts: low numbers; sell easy; contracts
underwritten and guaranteed; representative
company; good salary. Inquire 7 to 10, Mon-
day, room 19, Columbian building. ¦
SALESMAN traveling on the road, seeing the
. dry goods trade, to handle a strong and pop-
ular line of laces, embroideries and novelties,
on good . commission basis; state references
and territory covered. J. M. MEYERS & CO.
401 Broadway, New York.
ACTIVE and energetic young man of good ap-
pearance to attend telephone and other office
work; must live with parents; wages $30 to
' start; chance for advancement. Address in
own handwriting to M., box 2037, Call.
SALESMEN wanted everywhere t<> handle
•'Novelty Sign Cards"; every merchant buys
from 10 to 100 on sight; 800 varieties; cata-
logue free. SULLIVAN CO., 1130 Maple-
wood ave.. Chicago, 111. .
TRAVELING salesman for California; no tech-
nical . knowledge, but active, all-round hust-
ler;, established, well-rated house. Box 624
Detroit, Mich.
GOOD boy. residing with parents; good position;
chance to advance. Harshall's 12 Kearnv.
MABBIAGE^CENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: ltCG O'Farrell sT»?t.
Morris Schwartz. ¦«». »' n .p, rr .|i *t r pi»r
Ruth D. Kibbey. I». -¦«' ' «' . Twe-ty-f ru
Alexander Gutma-n. -C, '';;;';.£.. 4 '[fi
*tren. and Katherine C. Bcrgwardt. -8. 317
E WHlXnTj" PfMffer. 2C. Pinole, and Nina F.
"j^annef'Ha'nsen. 22. city, and Mabel J.
AV ChariefG. C G > S,ar.arcne. .77 .447 Broadway,
and AurtJia Leva^i. 25. W2» JottM «*£*«;-_ "
James K. Lozler. --->. S*v*nte«i.h ami I tah
M C 1 n^^. SrSTsffi fg ~* and
Marv M Brown. 11H 2 Sanchez stroet.
Wiiliam r. Johns. 24. StO Mission street,
an<l Amber Wheeler. 2."-. Sacramento
Elm*r W. Morritt. 22. 22J Seventh stre-t.
and Sadie S. I^ary. 20, city. «.,,„?
William C. Kron-. 24. 104 Fair Oaks Street.
ar.d Margarethe Drew*.. 10, » HartN-tt s.reet
Leon Besnard. 2«. Wl Minn* str-et. and
Marie Aurad*. £5. 2«1 Minna street
Harry Barley. 21. 1040A Market street, and
Matilda H. Frawiey. is. 20:^'i Br>'ant «r~t.
Ott> A Gustafson. :{.">. O La^kle *tr*et, and
Hi'ma Johnson. a2. WW Vallejo street.
Alfred Ross, 40. city, and Annie Lund. o0.
C ' Charles Uhte. 27. 655 Hy.ie street, and Emi!y
Nvberg. 22, 204 Dolores street.
Harry J Wakefleld. 21. 'J51 Alabama street,
and Nelll- Whelan. 20. "V* Capp street.
John Williams. 33. Oakland, and Margaret
Stuever. 20. Oakland.
Antonio Badano, 2S. city, and Mary De-
lucchl. 10. Colma.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
BOBN.
ANDRESEN— In this city. November 2. 1903.
to the wife of Oscar Andresen. a daughter.
BRIDGE— In this cJty, November 7. 1003. to
the wife of Henry S. Bride, a daughter.
BRIGAERTS — In this city. November 5. 1903.
to the wife of Pierre G. Brigaerta. a son.
BUSWELL— In thia city. November 3. 1903.
to the wife of George F. Buswell (nee Zaro),
a son,
CONNER— In this c!ty. October 22. 1003. ta
the wife of John C. Conner, a daughter.
GRIFFIN — In this city. October 31. 1903. to
the wife of Maurice- S. Griffin, a daughter.
JOHNSON — In this city. October 27. 1903. to
the wife of John T. Johnson, a son.
LANGE— In Oakland. November 9, 1903, to
the wife of H. W. G. Lange. a daughter.
McKAY— In this city. November •, 1903, ta
the wife of Fred McKay, a daughter.
McLURE — In Oakland. October 8. 1903. to tha
wife of James T. McLure. a son.
SHERLOCK — In East Oakland. November 5.
1003. to the wife of W\. A. Sherlock, a eon.
(Butte, Mont., papers please copy.)
SMITH— In this city, November 7. 1903. to til*
wife of George Amos Smith, a daughter.
STURGEON — In this city, October 30, 1903, to
the wife of Fred M. Sturgeon, a son.
______
FRANK- MARLIN— In this city, November 4
li)03, by the Rev. George W. White, pastor
of Central M. E. Church. Edward E. Frank
and Mabel Marlln. both of San Francisco.
: HERZOG— COH.V- In this city. October 7.
1U03. by Rabbi Isidore Myers, George Krm-
rr.tr Herzog and Kae Cohn, both of Sajx
Francisco.
WOLTGE— GULLAN— In this city, November
7. 10O3. by the Rev. Edwin F. Brown. Al-
bert Andrews Woltge and Harriet Gullaa.
both of San Francisco.
~ JDIED.
Bareford. Ella K. • Kofoed. H. L.
Baumhoer. Frank J. Lacey. Charles If.
! Belllngham. Sarah Lelevier. Joseph
¦ Beth. Marguerette Lind. Augusta
Burke. Patrick Lord. Mary T.
Callaghan. Jo*>n J. ' McSweeney, Maud'a
Costello. Galli Morel. Charles F.
Denying. John F. Morrison, Daniel
; Dwyer, M. J. Painter. Katherine
1 Erminold, Brother IMeperllns. Annie M.
I Fordham. William Rooney. James J.
Genoveffa. Sister M. Slml. Gaetano
I Gilllaple (Infant) Sullivan. Helen H. .
; Goldstein. Margaret Taylor. William J.
I Graf. Robert Tiiomism. Mrs. t'.d.
Halloran. Annie Tyson. JIury A.
Harrington. John Valentynovltz. A.
i Heath. Edward L. Well!. Pauline
Hsckman. Mary Whalen. Patrick
Horn. Jennie F. Wharton, John H.
Klmball. Helen F.
j BAREFORD — In this city. November «. i:K>r.
Ella K.. beloved wife of C. Stace Earerord.
a native of New Jersey.
CrFriendx and acquaintances arc respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Mon.lay,
November ». at 11 o'clock, from the Kir«t
liaptist Church. 320 Eddy street.
| BAUMHOER— In this city. November 7. lOul.
Frank J.. beloved hu.«band of Jessie Baum-
hoer, father of Bemice Baurahoer. son of
Herman J. Baumhcer. and brother of Mrs.
Mary Raabe. a native of Minnesota, aged U7
years 7 months and 17 days. iPortland, Or.,
papers please copy.)
' (^Nutlet of funeral hereafter. Remains
n.t the parlors of McFadden. McErearty &
Green. 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth.
BELLINGHAM— In this city. November 7.
l'joa, Sarah Bellinjrham. beloved mother of
Mrs. Caroline Rodden. Mrs. E. E. Hunt, the
late Mrs. Fred Lux. Harry Thornton. Ed-
ward and Jamea Beilingham. a native of
I England, aged S3 year") and <> months.
(C7"Friend3 are resDecttully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services Monday. November
9. 1903. at 11 o'clock, at her late residence,
2110'i Larkln street. Interment private.
BETH — In this city. November 5. 1903, Mar-
guerette. be'oved wife of Adolph Beth, and
mother of Mrs. D. Sueckmann and Mrs.
Wallace Mayer*, a native of New Tork. aged
56 years S months and 22 days.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the Odd Fel-
lows' Hall, corner Seventh and Market
streets. Cremation Odd Fellow*' Cemetery*
Please omit flowers.
BURKE— In this city, November B. 1903. Pat-
rick Burke, a native of County Tipperary.
Ireland, aged 65 years.
ICFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the narlors oC
McFadden, McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mis-
sion street, thence to St. Patrick's Church
for services at 1:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery-
CALLAGHAN — In this city. November T. 1903L
John Joseph, youngest ar.d beloved son of
John Jose:<h and Maggie Callaghan. mad
brother of Francis Callashan. a native, of
San Francisco, aged 3 months.
COSTELLO— In tha City and County Hospital.
November 7. 190.'!, GalU Costello. a native of
Mexico, aged 19 years.
DEMING — In Oakland. November 7, 1903. Joha
Franc's, beloved husband of Mehetavle Dem-
lng. and father of Mrs. James Maclisa and
Henry P. Demlng, a native of New Tori
City, aged SO years 3 months and 23 days.
ICTFi lends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, at th«
residence of Mr. Jamea Macllse. 541 Hobart
street. Oakland. Interment at Benlcla.
DWYER — In this city. November 7. 1903. M.
J. Dwyer, a native of Syracuse, N. T., aged
52 years.
ICT'Interment private.
ERMINOLD. BROTHER— An. anniversary re-
quiem mass will be celebrated at St. Mary's
College, Oakland. Tuesday. November 10, at
9:30 o'clock, for the reuose of the soul of
the late president of St. Mary"* College.
Friends are invited to be present.
FORDHAM— In this city. November 4. 1903.
William Fordham. beloved husband of tha
late Maria A. Fordham. a native of England,
age<] 72 years 9 months and 2 days.
ITXFriends and acquaintances ara respect-
fully lnvittd to attend the funeral services
Sunday. November 8. 1003. at 2 o'clock, at
the undertaking parlors of Jamea Fowler,
1524 Park street. Alameda. Cal. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery.
GENOVEFFA— In Oakland, at the Sacred
Heart Convent. November 6. 1!HX'». Sister
Mary Genoveffa. a native of Prince Ed-
ward Inland. Canada.
GILLISP1E— In the City and County Hospital.
November 7. 1903, child of Kate Glllisple. a
native of San Francisco, aged « days.
.GOLDSTEIN— November ."», 1:>«:, Margaret,
beloved wife of Simon Goldstein, mother of
Robert and l^wls Goldstein, daughter of
Mrs. Ellen Moran. and sister of Mrs. M. J.
Smith and John and Joseph Moran. a native
of Lowell, Mass.
ICFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the fun»ral to-day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence, 2024 Bush street. Interment Home of
Peace Cemetery, by train leaving Third and
Townsend streets nt 11:30 o'clock.
GRAF — In St. Helena. November 6, 1903, Rob-
ert. beloved son- of Maria and the late Jacob
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher.) v
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAXJ1ER3.
20 Fifth it., cppcsite Lincoln School.
Telephone Scuth SO.
UNITED. UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers.——
Formerly In' Metropolitan Temple,
Now at 800 MISSION. Tel. South 167.
Eetween Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth st.
Finest EqulDroents- at Moderate Rates.
, James McGinn. Henry Uansen.
! . JAMES McCIN>; & CO..
Formerly With McGinn Uro%.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers.
¦ 214 Eddy »t. : Tel: South 578.
! F. J. Mcnahan. President.
MOINAHAN G- CO.,
• (Inc.)
: FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMXRS.
2339-2341 Mission st. Tek^phone Mission At.
'i 7. J. atonaban. President.
MEETING NOTICES Continued. _^ j
"INDIA'S Unique Customs and Institutions."
illustrated lecture by C. F. Saldauha, B. A.,
a Brahmin in Oriental costume, in Academy .
of Sciences' 'Hall, on Friday, Nov. 13. S p. m.
ANNUAL Meeting.— Notice if hereby given
that the thirteenth annual meeting of
the stockholders cf the Ean Francisco Home
Mutual Loan Association will be held at the
office of the Corporation. No. 518 Montgom-
ery St.. San Franclwo, WEDNESDAY. Nov. ;
11. 1903, at 3 o'clock p. m.. for the purpose ,
of electing directors for the ensuing year. .
presentation of the thirteenth annual report ,
and the transaction of such business as may |
come before the meeting. Books are now
open for 1000 shares of stock of the four-
teenth series. By order of the Board of Dl- ;
rectors. A. SBARBORO. Secretary. ;
STOCKHOLDERS? meeting— The annual meet-
lag of The Union Ice Company will be held
at the office of the company. 324 Pine St..
Fan Francisco, on WEDNESDAY, November
18. 1903. at 3:15 p. m.. for the purpose of
electing a board of directors to serve for the
ensuing year and for the transaction of such
other business be may come before the meet-
tn*. C. K. MELROSE. Secretary. ;
November 4. 1003. .
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS — $50 a week guaranteed; Automatic
Washers sell themselves; agent writes: "Ex- ,
hibited sample to ten women; took ten or-
ders.*' Time, 45 minutes; profit over $50;
guaranteed to do a washing la 30 minutes;
furnishes Its own power; requires no labor;
costs less than any other machine; free sam-
ple and exclusive territory rumlshed. Auto-
matic Washer Co., Station U. Chicago.
BEGIN business for yourself; we start you In ;
profitable mail-order business at your home;
pleasant work; Immense profits; unlimited
possibilities; full information for stamp.
FRANKLIN-HOWARD CO.. Denver, Colo.
AGENTS wanted— $25 weekly for 20 weeks: the ;
best proi>osit!on offered agents who want j
money and are willing to work for it. George ¦
F. Cram, 552 Wabash ave., Chlcago^JtU.
MAIL order dealers, send 10c for our printed i
list of names and addresses to send out your :
cataloguwi. to PACIFIC DIRECTORY CO., '
120 Sutter et.. San Francisco, CaK j
OUR pocket outfit starts you selling natural j
diamonds; defy experts; drop everything; ,
write for outfit. Address Natural Diamond ;
Co., Syracuse, New York. j
AGENTS — An agency for a proposition that is !
a decided Improvement on building and loan
Is wcrth having. Great Western Improve- ;
ment Company, Parrott bldg. ;
AGENTS — Make $."> a day; *^ell « phctos from :
Paris life; sample. I2e stamps. G ASTON,
Bureau 14. Paris. France.
A.OENT8 wanted to sell a goAd selling article. :
Apply 1003 Howard st. ; press bell button.
A WEEK'S news fcr 5 cents— The Weekly C»I». j
10 pure?. in wrapper, for mailing, il per year i
ATTORXEYS-AT-LAW. |
ADVICE FREE. '
OLD ESTABLISHED.
COLUMBIAN LAW & COLLECTION AGENCY i
Able attorneys. Rm. K5, 910 Market, opposite
Emporium. Bad tenants ejected speedily an-1 ;
reasonably. Collections, r.o matter how small,
ottended to; attachments; bonds furnished; cor-
!>cratlons organized; civil and criminal practice.
Tel. John C226. Open evenings by appointment, j
We solicit an interview with you. |
THE LEGAL ADVISORY. Inc.
Practice In Federal and all State courts.
Attachments, divorce, mining, bankruptcy, i
prosecutions, adjustments, corporations, pat- ;
tr.ts. eetates, probate.
Experienced and Reliable Attorneys Engaged.
Advice guaranteed. Correspondence solicited.
511. r.UA. 511B Crcssley Bldg. Tel John 282B. 1
N. E. Cor. New Montgomery and Mission St».
A PRIVATE, quick divorce fcr a small fee. :
See me and save money; no pay in advance.
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Established 22 yrs.; rnis. 1. 2, 3. 4 & 5. 1st fl.
1122 Market St.. between Mason and Taylor.
Advice free, all matters. Detectives employed.
F.OBT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid., I
room" Cll : all cases, damages, estates, will*, i
attachments, collections, etc.. consultation
free; no advance charges; call or write;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE fret — I will advance cost in meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probate and all other law
ing. J. M. THURSTON. Sib Market st., r. 31.
ADVICE free — I will advance costs In all cases
of merit: no advance charges, no fee, unless
Euece*Bfu;. E. J. BANKS, Examiner build-
ing, third floor.
DIVORCE costs (12: opeii evenings; tenants
ejected. $5. 910 Market, r. 62. phone Black 651.
DIVOETCE — Costs. $12; quirk, quiet; open even-
ings. 927 Market St.. room 301.
L. S. CLARK. Emma SpreckeU bldg.. D27 Mar-
ket st : consultation free; no fees In advance.
AITKEN & AITKEN. attorneys, rs. ;;09-10-ll
Clunie bid*.. MM Ca'lfornla st. : tei. Main 727.
N. TEMPLE, atty-at-law. 03 Chronicle bldg.;
commissioner for oaths, England and IrelanJ.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
law business. W. W. Davidson. B27 Market.
A WEEK'S news for 5 centa — The Weekly Call.
10 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
nOAKDING FOR CHILDREN.
CARE boy or girl. 2 to 11 years; block Golden
Gate Park. Box 2035. Call.
11CSINESS CHANCES.
A REGULAR INCOME GUARANTEED.
0 to 7 per cent weekly on accounts of $25
and upward has been paid by us every
Tuesday of lfMrt; we are but tn the Infancy
of our career and yet we lead the country
in our line of business; positively no mining,
oil. stock or betting system, but a plain,
straight business, proijosition commendable
for any man*or woman possesslne a small
amount of idle capital; principal returned on
demand; hundreds of professional and busi-
ness men throughout the country have In-
vested with us; why not you? unquestionable
banking and subscribers' references, together
with our handsome free booklet furnished
upon request. JOHN R. PEARSON & CO..
Incorporated. Shotwell fcldp.. 55th st. and
Washington av. t Chicago, 111.
"I TRUST YOU."
A $2i> investment has averaged over $200 a
month; no margins; not more than $20 re-
quired; can handle your own money: some-
thing- out of the ordinary: no charges until
profits are realized, then I trust to your
honor to remit small percentage; write me.
M. S. HOWARD, 180 Monroe Bt.', Chicago.
DOUBLE YOUR INCOME— Do you earn flCO
i per month? We can double It with a $20 in-
vestment; larger amounts In proportion; old-
est and best-known corporation in our line;
capitalized for $100,000; National Bank refs.
Write us. STAR & CRESCENT CO., 22G
La Salle ft.. Chicago.
YOU can make money now buying wheat on
breaks and selling on bulges; we can do this
for you ; send for free book, facts and figures,
explaining option trading. The Osborn
Grain Co., 17 Chamber of Commerce, Min-
neaiiolls, Minn.
|,SOO0 — BEST paying country hotel In Califor-
nia; profits clear about $400 month over ex-
penses; cause, sickness; whole property in-
cluded; all completely furnished. THE AL-
DEN CO.. 111S Broadway, Oakland.
$250 — GRAis'D opportunity: manufacturing
business; with or without services; lnvestl-
rate this. MORSE & PERRY, 632 Market
Bt., room 5.
WANTED — Partner with small capital for an
old established business. Call or address H.
W. M.. 240 Montgomery St., room 7.
I FINE opportunity for a branch lumber yard,
i lumber racks and plenty sheU room; 3 years'
; lcabe. Inquire at 2813 Mission st.
i A WELL located picture frame, art store; es-
tablished trade: nave other business. Bux
3413. Call office. _^_
WANTED — Partner to Btart plating business;
$75 required; to-day, 2 to 0. 3506 24th St.
BRANCH bakery and delicatessen store for
sale, cheau. Box 340U. Call office.
CANDY etore and factory, wholesale and retail;
$0900; snap for holiday*. Box 3404, Call.
FOR rale, cheap — Bulletin route. Apply to or
addrets L. STEAKXS. 40S 9th St.. Oakland.
$300 — GOOD paying restaurant, with 3 fur-
nished rooms above It; rent $35. 82b Mission.
THE enormous profits *<aade In the manufacture
01 nugar U not generally understood and
UH tec«ated; let us send you a little book
shotting how a few dollars each month can Us
invested In a safe, conservative. stralgUtfor-
ward business enterprise which will pay «:nor-
mous dividends In a comparatively rhort
time. No oil well, race horse, gold mine oi
Kamolins K-l.tme; best bank reference; t>cnd
for pamijhle*. It will pay you to know intm
about It. Continental Sugar Refining Co.,
St. Louts, Mo.
j ALUMINUM — The metal of the future; a new
process for Us production discovered by which
' the company now forming will control the
markets of the world; we are offering a small
allotment of ctock at public subscription;
tend for prospectus and Particulars; the
opportunity of a lifetime. I. MAYER & SON,
459 Mermod & Jaccard bldg.. St. Louis, Mo.
LEAVE overcrowded occupations; learn to
teach physical culture, boxing, fencing; If
unable to call we teach by mall. Chicago
.-^^L'^L^i 1^ 1 !. 240 Mlcl >lKan ave., Chicago.
, 11400— OLD establlshed~bakery and coffee sa-
loon In Alameda County: all complete. P C
LASSEN & CO> 4CG Tenth St.. Oakland. Cal!
s HORSESHOEING, carriage making buslTieTs
fcr sale; owner leaving city; bargain. Fell
and CEough sts.
j FRUIT store, corner, doing a good buslnesa":
I noree and wagon*. Call 1545 Geary Bt.
HELP WASTED MALE — -Continued.
A— OPEN TO-DAY. - ,
SUNDAY. 8 TO 12 A. M.
MURRAY & READY. &14-636 Clay st.
Phone Main 5S4S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
1902 we gave 1903 we'll glva :
45.000 men work. 60,000 men work.
ARIZONA
ARIZONA
OREGON. NEVADA.
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe systems; free
pass.
On Every Train.
Section hands, muckers, drillers, extra gajigs,
teamsters, hammersmen.
Farm and orchard hands. |30. $35. $40 found;
milkers $30 to $50 found.
Stablemen, city, country Jobs. $o0 to $60.
305 woodchoppe'rs.
2S7 tlemakers. ;
Cooks. Waiters. Porters. '
Cooks, hotels, restaurants, camps, mines and
ranches city and country, $.'!0 to $70 found.
Walters city and country. $25 to ?4o found.
Butchers different jobs. $40 to $D0 found.
Located Everywhere.
Laborers and teamsters, city and country,
many in San Francisco. $2 25.
6 slack coopers 5)c; 5 cabinet-makers.
MURRAY & READY. 034-630 Clay st.
SPECIAL.
0 prunera orchard. *2t; and found.
Dairyman and wife. $50 ami found.
Gang edgerman. lumber company. $63 found.
Packer and shipper of furniture, $2 50 day.
Track foreman, lumber co.. free fare, $40 fd.
Stenographer and typewriter, hotel; cfaureman
and wife, private family. Fresno County, $50 j
found; nisrht cook, Nevada, $50 found; 2 coat- ;
makers, country; 2 spool tenders; 2 waiters, j
oyster and coffee house. $10 50 week; buggy-
washer. $t50; porter, grocery, country store,
$30 found: bookbindery man. city. $10 week.
MURRAY & READY. C34-C36 Clay st.
COAL OREGON FREE FARE.
MINERS OREGON $3 to $3 Day.
MURRAY & HEADY. C34-U36 Clay st.
4 ITALIAN foremen, railroad work, $3 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-63G Clay st.
WAITERS. ETC.
0 waiters, hotel, country. $30 found.
« waiters, coffee houses. $10 50 week.
Cook, Nevada, 30 men, mine, fare paid, $03.
ELECTRICIAN, $2 50 DAY.
Near city, factory, steady job.
M URRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A YOUNG man. between 19 and 25: must be
used to figuring rates, quick and accurate at
figures and write a good hand. Apply 10 a.
m., I. MAGNIN & CO.. 43 Ellis St.; no others
need apply. _^______ .
WE paid one salesman this year from January
to July $1506 comm-ssln selling Weir's White
Lead as side line; write for our proposition, j
IX T. WEIR WHITE LEAD CO.. St. Louis.
Mo. .¦?:•¦••-.-. -t
WANTED— Retail salesman; one familiar with
groceries or crockery preferred; give refer-
ence, experience and wages expected. Address
box 3407, Call office.
WANTED — Three rood solicitors of experience
to represent an old Eastern firm throughout
the Paclflc Coast States; exclusive territory.
Box 34C6. Call office^
WANTED — Everywhere, hustlers to tack signs,
distribute circulars, samples, etc.; no can-
vasplng; good pay. Sun Advertising Bureau,
Chicago.
WANTED — Boys 10 to 18 years of age to enter
a large wholesale house, with a view to learn-
ing the business; must furnish references:
reply In own handwriting. Address box j
2028. Call. , I
MEN wanted to learn the barber trade In two j
months and secure good positions; catalogua |
mailed free. MOLEIt System College. €33
Clay street.
WANTED — Men everywhere: good pay: to dis-
tribute circulars, adv. matter, tack signs, etc.
No canvassing. Nat. Adv. Bureau. Chicago. ]
A YOUNG man who means business and wants ;
to work. Apply between 9 and 10 a. m. Mou-
day. 102 Telegraph ave., Oakland.
BOY between 15 and 19 to learn good business
In downtown firm; good chance to advance, j
Box 2030, Call office.
WANTED — Experienced spice labeler: give ref-
erence and wages expected. Address box [
2C33, Call office. j
WANTED — At once, experienced traveling ]
salesman for California; none other need ap- j
ply. Address Drawer S., Chicago. i
YOUNG man, willing' to work for- his tuition,
should call at California Busineaa College, .
305 Larkin st.
WE pay $32 a week and expenses to men to sell
poultry compound. Imperial Mfg. Co., D 54,
Parsons, Kans.
A— SEAMEN for deep water sailing ships. ~
B. SWEARS. Pacific Mall Dock.
WANTED — Boy In a Jewelry store. &17 Mar- j
ket St., Academy of Sciences Bldg.
WANTED — Young man who Is an experienced !
dry goods wrapper. HALE BROS., inc.
BARBER, first-class workman, reeks steady
position; city or country. Box 2039, Call.
NEAT errand boys wanted. Apply superintend-
ent's office. Emporium.
EXPERIENCED wrappers wanted. Apply su-
perintendent's office. Emporium. i
DETECTIVES — Everywhere, good salary: no
experience. Int'l Detec. Agency. Milwaukee, j
CASH boyo wanted at LIVINGSTON BROS.',
123-9 Post st.
STRONG boy for wholesale house; state age
and experience. Box 2036, Call office.
SOLICITORS for merchant tailor. 1125 Market
St., between Seventh and Eighth.
ONE chair barber shop; good mining town; no
opposition. Box S4. Quartz. Tuolomne Co.. Cal.
SHORTHAND In 30 days; Boyd's Syllabic; no
ruled lines: no shading; nothing to confuse; I
only 9 characters; easily ready; study by
mall; circulars, testimonials and first les-
son, covering cne-fourth the course for two
2-cent stamps. Chicago Correspondence
Schools. Incorporated, 62 National Life
building. Chicago. 111.
UNCLE SAM wants help; 14.000 appointments
last year; free examination paper and cat-
alog giving positions and salaries. Dept. Q,
Western Correspondence University, San
Francisco.
WANTED — Insurance solicitors; something
new. popular and safe; the best out; payi
the holder to carry and the solicitor to seil;
If 3 - ou are a business getter we can Interest
you. Address Mutual Protective League,
Litchfield. 11L. or J, H. BURTNER, Man-
ager, Coast Department, Pomona, Cal.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 50. or
orthopedic shoes. $3 50;best shoes on earth. 11
Third st.. Exam bldg.. 6 doors from Market.
A MAN of Indomitable energy and push, a good
talker, eager to make money. F. PERSON,
477 and 47S Parrott building.
WANTED — First class experienced domestic
salesman. HALE BROS.
WANTED — A shirt polisher. French Laundry
Co., 3372 Mission St.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mall chrgs. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid.
BOY wanted. 225V£ Montgomery ave.
BARBER trade taught in B weeks. Address
W. C. B., 647 Commercial st.
FOR sale — Two-chair barber shop; cheap; sick-
ness. 529 Fourth st.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REIS3
BROS & CO.. 24 Sutter st.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
scled when you can get It done for 25c. SOc
ar.d 60c. while you wait at 5<3 Mission St..
etb. 1st and 2d sta.. or 11 Third St.?
WANTED— For U. S. Marine Corps, able
bodied unmarried men. between 21 and 33;
good character; must speak, read and write
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-
; .war In all parts of the world, on land In our
Island possessions, and at naval stations In
the United States. Apply at recruiting of-
fice, 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cal.. and
401 K et.. Sacramento. Cal..
! WANTED — An experienced, reliable clerk for
liquor store: good wages and - prospects for
right party: applicants give age. experience
and references from former employers. Ad-
Cress S. M.. box 520, Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolktn. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third at.; 250 rooms: 25c to 50c per night.
WANTED — A salesman to sell ruffled and cluny
curtains to the jobbing and retail trade. John
M. Hassall. 78 Bedford St.. Boston. Mass.
PENSION ATTY. M. HARRIS, 40 Ellis it.; 14
years' practice; references from thousands of
persons for whom I have secured pensions. .
MEN to learn the barber 'trade; special offer
this month. Inquire at 611 Commercial st.
BARBER shop fcr. sale; 2 hydraulic chairs.
Address box 144. Tuba City.
McDONALfr&~PERRY have a large stork of
new and second-hand shoes ; cheap. 239~33' st.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed.
S F. Barber School. 741A Howard st. !
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullis. room 40. Ph»lan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R. |
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar- J
ket — 700 rooms. 35c night: reading rooms; j
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at ;
Call Branch dffice. cor. Duncan & Church sts. '
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half '
price. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts. .i
GET your shoes half soled white waiting: 25c j
: u> fiOo. SC3 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sta. 'iSUNDAY. NOVEMBER 8.
Coming soon with The Sunday
Call Is a set of striking: poses in
four colors with heavy gold border,
printed on heavy plate paper.
Words will not adequately de
scribe these remarkable, pictures.
They are new, nothing: of their
kind has ever been used by a
newspaper and The Call will be the
first publication in the country to
Issue them, having obtained the
exclusive control of their use from
their owner.
"Watch for later announcements,
with titles and descriptions.
"AT THE OPERA" WIL>I« BE
. ISSUED NEXT SUNDAY.
A Series in Gold (by Bryson).
TO SAIL.
Sun/ Moon and Tide.
United ¦ States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
¦. Steamer. ¦ For. ¦ ' ¦ ;J Sails.
Humboldt.. %V Skagway & Way Ports. Nov. 12
City Seattle.'.'. Skagway'i Way Ports. Nov. la
Santa Ana. .'.'. Ccoka Inlet A Way Pta. Nor. 10
Farellon .v.v. . Skogway ft" Way Port*. Nov.' 16
Valencia...... Skagway &-Way Ports. Nov. -19
Cottage City. . Skagway & Way Torts. Nov. 27
The German steamer Ramse* of the Kosmos
line was cleared yesterday for Hamburg; and
way ports with a general merchandise carjro,
ccnsiirned to the port of destination and the
principal ports of call, valued at |R5,C24, and
distributed as follows: For Central ¦» America,
97721; Peru. $13,777; Chile, <30H; . Germany,
Exports by the Kosmos Liner.
Branch Hydrojtraphic Office, I U. S. N., Mer
. ¦ chants' Exchange, Sail Francisco. Cal.
< November 7. 1903.
TheTlme Boll on the tow-r of the. Ferry
building was dropped exactly, at noon to-day —
Ue.. at noon of the 120th meridian,- or at 8
p. m.; Greenwich time. :J.,C. BURNETT.:
. . -Lieutenant U. 8. N., la charge.
Time Ball.
FROM 'SEATTLE.
The barkentine Archer was cleared yester
day for Honolulu with an assorted merchandise
canto, valued at $3<},095. and including: the fol
lovrlnc;: 126 bbls flour. 0900 lbs ealt, 460,000 lbs
fertiliser. 413 ctls wheat. 4173 ctls barley, 505
ctln corn, 17D1 bales hay. 42,0s.*"* lbs inlddlinKs
»7,272 lbs bran, 26.770 lbs feed. 12.701 lbs
beans. 1820 lbs peas, 120 casks bottled beer
003$ eals wine. 2700 lbs coffee. 1P0 cs salmon'
2B3 cs bakinjr powder, 124 pkgs KTOceriea and
provisions. 2.VI lbs pearl barley. 2400 lbs meals
127 cs canned goods, 20 cs benslne, 1 150 cs gaso'
line. 4300 gals distillate, 3 cyls &a*. 40 bbU
end 4 c« oils. SCO cs blasting powder. 6 cs
caps ond fuse, 75 pkra ralllwerk, - 1313 Iba
nuts. 100 bxs soap, 1000 fire bricks, 20 bbls
tor. 19 bales twine. 12 cs points, 4 coll» cord
age. 2 M'i oars.
A Cargo for Honolulu.
The French »hip Berangere is chartered for
wheat from Portland to Europe at 16s 3d and
the British Fhip Dundee for lumber from I*ueet
Sound to a direct nitrate port at 283 Od
The French hark Ma.-echal de Vlllars which
made yort on Friday, was chartered prior to
arrival for wheat to Europe at 21* 6d
Charters.
Steamer. Destination. . Salls.l Pier.
November 8. I
Iaqua...... Humboldt... ' 1 pmfPler 2
F. Leeitett. Humboldt ......... 12 m|Pler 10
S. Rosa San Diego & Way 9 amlPier 11
"November O. • I .
Lakme.... L03 Angeles Ports. 5 pmfPler 10
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. . 5 pmiPier 2
Rival. . . Wlllapa Harbor 4 pm|Pier 2
S. Monica. Los Angeles Ports.) 4 pmiPier 2
Empire.... Coos Bay direct. .|12 m| Pier 13
Corona.... Humboldt ..., l:30pPler 9
N. Fork..'. Humboldt 1 5 pm Pier 'J
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way. 9 amlPier 11
November 10. |
Alliance... Eureka & Coos Bay 11 am' Pier 16
Eureka.... Humboldt 9 am) Pier 13
Centralia.. Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
Newburg.. Grays 'Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
A. Maru... China & Japan..:. 1 pm Pier 40
J. Dollar. . . Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pl«r 2
November 11. |
Phoenix... Mendocino City ... 1 pin Pier 13
Chlco Coquille River .... 6 cm Pier 2
November 12. i
Redondo... Los Angeles Port*. 4.pm Pier 2
Arcata..... Coos B.& Pt.Orford 10 am Pier 13
Pomona^ . . Humboldt .*. . ...... 1 :30 p Pier 9
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
8. Barbara: Seattle & Olympia. 4 pm Pier 2
Queen. .... Puget :: Sound Ports 11 am Pier ' 0
•on Pedro. . Humboldt 1 . . 10 am Pier 2
November 13.
Bonlta..... Newport & Way. ! . 9 an? Pier 11
- . November. 14. : ¦- •
Pt. Arena. . Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
San Juan.. N.Y. via Panama. 12 m [Pier 40
G.W. Elder. Aatorla & Portland 11 amlPter 24
. . , November 17. •¦ « } -
City Puebla Pujret Sound Ports. 11 amlPier 9
November 18. I
Korea China & Japan.;.. 1 pmiPier 40
November 10. t. I • .
Sonoma. ... Sydney & Way Pts. 2 pmfPler 7
The British rhip Dundonald was cleared yes
terday for Bristol. England, with K> 257 ctl«
barley, valued at $74,070. and 20.281 ct'« wh««»t
valued at $30,390: also 20,000 ft lumber a5
dunnage, valued at $300. »--Joer am
Blatters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
Grain for England.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The transport Thomas left Honolulu on the
3d lnst. She brings troops C and H of the
Fifteenth Cavalry, under command of Colonel
Henry O. Heinstand of the adjutant's gen
eral department. Her complement consists of
114 enlisted men. 120 casuals 37 tick 2 In
sane and 33 general prisoners. She will be
due here on the 11th lnst
The transport Logan left Honolulu yester
day for this port and will be due here on
the 14th. She brings the headquarters and ten
troops of the Fifteenth Cavalry, under com
mand of Colonel W. M. Wallace Her list
includes C17 enlisted men 10 eick and 2 In
sane.
Movements of Transports.
Loses Her Fore Gaff.
The pilot-boat Lady Mine had her fore gaff
carried awajr yesterday In a equal], which
struck her as she was taking off the pilot
that took out the liner Alameda.
The Pacific Hail Company's steamship Peru
Failed yesterday for Panama and way ports,
and the Curacao of the Pacific Coast Steamship
Company departed for Guaymaa. The Pern's
cargo included a large shipment of prunes
for New York. «
Depart for Southern Ports.
Steamer. From. . Dut.
Columbia Portland & Astoria ... Nov. 8'
Centralia Grays Harbor Nov. 8j
C. Nelson Portland & Astoria ... Nov. 8 1
Senator...... Seattle & Tacoma Nov. 8i
JsVwburg.. — • Grays Harbor Nov. s!
Chico Coqulile River ........ Nov. 8,
Titania Nanalmo Nov. 8 ¦
Alliance.. Portland & Way Ports. Nov. 8
Eureka Humboldt |Nov. 8
Queen Huget Sound Ports (Nov. b
Ban Pedro...- Humboldt Nov. 9
Arcata • • Coos Bay & Port Orfcrd Nov. 9
S.Monica Grays Harbor Nov. 9
Korea China & Japan Nov. 9 1
State of Cal . . San Diego & Way Ports Nov. 9 1
Sonoma..... •• Sydney & Way Ports... Nov. tt
Phoenix...... Mendocino Nov. 10 |
Del Norte.... Crescent City Nov. 10 j
Edith Tacoma Nov. 10
Bonlta •- Newport & Way Ports. Nov. 10
Pomona ". Humboldt .Nov. 10 i
G.W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria.... Nov. 11
Redondo Humboldt Nov. 12
B. Barbara...- San Pedro Nov. 12
Colon New York via Panama Nov. 13
Banta Roea... San Diego & Way Ports Nov. 12
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena. Nov. 12
Eureka. Humboldt ' Nov. 13
Corona Humboldt Nov. 13
City Puebla... Puget Sound Ports... . Not. 13
Coos Bay..... San Pedro & Way J»orls Nov. 14
North Fork.*.. Humboldt .:.'.;. ...¦.:.. Nov. 15
Gaelic China & Japan ....... Nov. 17 !
Umatilla.....'. Puget Sound Ports.;.. Nov. 18
City Sydney.. New York via Panama.lNov. 18
Abydos Hamburg & Way Ports Nov. 18
Nevadan Honolulu |Nov. 18 1
The Fleam schooners Del Norte and Mun
dalay have been off Crescent City for a week,
and yesterday were still outside, awaiting a
lull in the tempest which has been raging:. If
they do not get in very soon It may be n«c
essary for them to return here without having
made a landing. While their fuel holds out.
however, they will remain In the vicinity of
their destination.
Bar-Bound Schooners.
Saturday, November 7.\
Stmr Arctic, Reiner, Eureka,
Stmr Curacao, Paulsen, Guaymas. .
Stmr Alameda, Dowdell, Honolulu.
Stmr Brooklyn, Walvig, Fort Brags.
Stmr Umatllla, Nopandcr, " Victoria.
Stmr GU>sy, Leland. Santa Cruz.
Sttnr Kosecran*. Johnson, Portland, Or.
Stmr' Peru. Mackianon. .Panama and ' way
ports. •¦ ¦ ' r
Stmr Noyo, EHef sen, : Eureka.
' Saturday, November 7.
Stmr Alameda, Dowdell, Honolulu; J D
Spreckels & Bro« Co.
Stmr Curacao, Poulsen,' ¦ Guaymas; Pacific
Coast Steamsbip Co.
Stmr Peru. Macklnnon, Panama; Pacific Mall
Steamship Co. • . v
Ger stmr Ramsea, Blelenberg, Hamburg; J
D Spreckels & Bros Cg.:0&BR8h
Fr ship Socoa, 1a i Guayader, Gomen, New
Caledonia; F.Henry.
Br «hl;i Dundonald, Milne, ' Bristol; Glrvin
& Eyre. ..... ,„
Bktn Archer, Melville,. Honolulu; Welch
& Co.
SAILED. -
The Bteanier Peru, which railed yesUrday
for' Panama and way ports, carried cargo for
Mexico valued at $15,227; Central America,
$20,320; Panama. $2003: New York. $81,934;
Ecuador, $022; Jamaica. $755. The leading ex
ports were as follows:
To Mexico — 038 gals wine, ?>58 pkgs pota
toes, 80 ska onions. 275 lbs cheese, 1025 lbs
ham and bacon, 84 c« canned goods, 70 cs
whisky, 7 pkgs groceries and provisions. 20 cs
baking powder, 65 bxs freph fruit. 20 cs min
eral water. 1520 lbs bread, 2418 lbs apices. 1515
lbs dried fruit, 80 bxs paste. 875 lbs cocoa. 300
lbs codilsh 200 lbs tea, C cs brandy, 25,700 ft
lumber. 14 pkgs machinery, 100 flasks quick
silver. 12 cb rubber goods, 5 pkgs drugs and
chemicals. 76 boiler tubes, 83,786 lbs soda, 5
cs boots and shoes, 14 cs paper, 1305 lbs pot
ash 44 pkgs pipe and fittlncs, 1416 bdls
Bhooks 45 pkgs railroad material. 9 pkgs naila.
To Central America— 3254 bbls flour. 18.000
lbs cement, 270 rals (25 c« wine, 22 cs
canned goods. 15 pkgs groceries and provisions.
450 Ib* spices, 568 lbs salt. 11 pkgs potatoes
and onions. 1( r« cottonseed oil. 4 casks beer.
130 cs coal oil. 2500 fire bricks, 2 cs ammuni
tion 4 bbls tar, 10 bales cotton. 44 bdls 45 pes
pipe. 3000 lbs rice, 30 bdls paper, 3 cs mineral
W To r panama- 400 bbls (lour, 1000 bxs soap. 2
W 'n> P New* York— 78,939 gals win*. 30.500 -lbs
iirlVd prunes 400 cs honey, 70 bales Junk, 123
Swj S 18.SM lb« dry hides. ,03.330 lbs
prease wool 4857 pigs lead.
Ecuftdor-1810 gals and 3 cs wine.
To Jamaica— 184 cs canned salmon and 2^ cs
°*i : n to the foregoinff the steamer car
ried 538 1357 lb« dried prunes, valued at $7082.
"n route to Hamburg. Germany, and 82.000 lbs.
valSed at $080. for Rotterdam. Holland.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, November 7.
Stmr Noyo, Ellefsen; 40 hours from San
P< Stmr. Francis H Legsrett. Jahnsen. 86 hours
"I'Snr'coronfjahnsen. 20 . hours from Eu
"svnr James Dollar, Thwlng.4 day* 19 hours
fr B?mf C North Fork. Nelson. 28 hours .from
E K r tm?Cella, Nordberg. 18 hour, from Albion.
Stmr Empire, Macgenn. 103 hour* from Coos
B w'haling stmr Alexander. Tilton. 15 days
James Johnson, Bennecke, 6 days from
E Schr a 'Wa McKay. Lethola. 7 days from Eu
re pchr Honolpu, Reed, 12 days from Grays
Schr Keren Sister*. CamDbell. 28 day« from
Golovln Bay. _
Schr Glendale, Gronvold, 10 day* from As-
Whaling «chr Monterey, Foley. 28 days from
Unlmak Paas.
CLEARED.
Sailing of the Panama Steamer.
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
Sun .rises :........ 6:44 a. m.
Sun sets , 5:04 p. m.
Moon rises fc:21 p. m.
C ITime) ITime jTlmel [Tlmel
£ j ( Ft. Ft. j J Ft. 1— — J.Ft.
» JH W] |L W[ [H W| [L W|
8 2:25 4.9 7:02 2.8 1:04 5.6 7:56 — 0.5
9 3:10 4.9 8:01 3.0 1:57 6.3 8:50 — O.J
10 4:13 4.0 9:12 3.1 3:01 5.0 9:45 0.0
11 6:J8 6.0 10:33 2.0 4:15 4.7 10:50 0.4
12 6:00 5.2 11:50 2.5 5:39 4.5 11:51 0.8
13 6:50 5.4 1:00 2.0 7:00 4.5
NOTE — In the above exposition of tho tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and tbe successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometime* occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — >
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth , given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is tho mean
of the lower low waters.
The schooner Seven Sisters, which arrived
yesterday from Golovln Bay. nearly turned
turtle off Point Reyes In one of the flfty-mlle
an-hour pqualls that yesterday churned up the
i-f-a at that part of the coast. The squall
ctruck her suddenly and before a halyard
could be let go or a sheet touched over she
went on her beam «-nds. For a short space
her fate hung in the balance. All hands
became suddenly busy; everything fast was
let go. and in a few minutes the danger had
pa&sed. The officers of the Seven Sisters re
port that food is very scarce at Teller City.
Captain Campbell was offered $2500 if he
would take in 100 tons of provisions, but the
lateness of the season made this impossible,
and Teller City, according to the officers of
the Seven Sisters, is going to be a very hun
gry place this winter.
Nearly Turns Turtle.
Masked Man Baids Clubrooms.
OGDEN, Utah. Nov. 7.— A single
masked robber entered the Elite Club
rooms last night, lined up three men
against the wall and relieved them, of
about $3000 in cash and certificates of de
posit. The robber entered the room
through a back door, and evidently wore
rubbers, as the men did not hear him ap
proach until he told them to hold up
their hands. After getting all the money
in sight he stepped to the door, told the
three men that the first one that looked
around would be "plugged" and then dis
appeared.
NEW YORK— Arrived Nov 7— Stmr Celtic,
from Liverpool • end Queenstown.
) Sailed -Nov 7— Stmr Etruria. for 'Liverpool;
stmr Philadelphia, for Southampton; etmr Fin
land, for Antwerp: stmr Lahn. for Genoa and
Naples: stmr Ethiopia, . for Glasgow. .,
ANTWERP— Sailed. Nov 7— Stmr Kroonland,
for New York.
HAVRE— Sailed Nov 7— Stmr La Savole, for
New 5 York. . ,
¦ LIVERPOOL— Sailed Nor 7— Stmr Umbrla,
for New York. .
Sailed Nov 7 — Stmr Lucanla, for New York.
LONDON— Sailed Nov 7— Stmr Minneapolis,
for New York.
-BREMEN— Sailed Nov. 7—Stmr Grosser Kur-
f uret. for New York. ..-
CHERBOURG— Sailed Nov 7— Stmr New
York, for New York.:;",/ \
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Oct 26— Br atmr Indra
pura, for Hongkong.
Arrived prior to Nov 7 — Jap Btmr Shinano
Maru, from Seattle; Btmr Olympia, from Ta
coma.
SAN.BLAS — Sailed Nov C— Stmr Colon, for
San Francisco.
MOJI— Sailed Nov 4 — Stmr Indravelll, from
Hongkong, for Portland, Or.
ALGOA BAY— Arrived Sept 24— Br ship
Clan Macfarlane, from Portland. .
PUNTA ARENAS— Sailed Oct 23— Ger stmr
Herodot. for Hamburg.
HONGKONG— Sailed 5Tov 7— Br stmr Chlng
Wo, for San Francisco.
Arrived prior to Nov 7 — Br stmr Indrapura,
from Oregon. ;
Sailed Nov 6— Stmr China, for San Fran
cisco. ¦
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Sailed Nov 3— Schr Ma
hukona. for Honolulu. ...
SHANGHAI— Arrived prior to Nov 7-iBr
stmr Indrani, from Norfolk.
¦-¦¦ • OCEAN STEAMERS.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER. Nov 6— Ship
Fort Georgo ordered to Philadelphia. •
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONOLULU— Sailed Nov 6— Ship James
Drummond, for Port Townsend ; stmr Nevadan,
for Kahului.
EASTERN PORT.
MENDOCINO— Arrived Nov 7— Stmr Phoe
nix, hence Nov. 6. .
ABERDEEN — Arrived Nov 7 — Bchr J M
Colman, from Kedondo; schr Sophie Chrlsten
sen. hence Oct 22; utrnr Chehalls. hence Nov 4.
TACOMA — Arrived Nov 7 — Bark Hesper,
from San Pedro.
Sailed Nov 7— Schr Alice McDonald, for San
Pedro.
SHANGHAI — Arrived prior to Nov 7 — Br
stmr Indrani, from Norfolk.
SEATTLE — Arrived Nov C— Br ship Scottish
Moon, from San Diego.
Sailed Nov, 7 — Stmr Valencia, for Skagrway;
Ger stmr Nlcarla, for Victoria.
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 7— Stmr Pomona,
from San Francisco.
Arrived Nov ¦ 7— Schr Lottie Carson, from
San Pedro: stmr- Marshueld, , from Hardy
Creek. •
Sailed Nov 7 — Stmr Alliance, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Eureka, for San Francisco. •
YVESTPORT— Arrived Nov 7— Stmr West
port, hence Nov 6.
TATOOSH— Passed in Nov 7— Fr chip Ville
de Mulhouse, from Port Lob Angeles, for Port
Townsend.
COOS BAY— Arrived Nov 7— Schr Abbie,
hence Nov 1 : stmr Czarina, hence Nov 5
COSMOPOLIS— Arrived Nov 7— Schr Roy
Somers, he.nce Nov 2.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Seat 12— Br ship Van
duara, for Newcastle, NSW.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Nov 7— Schr Volun
teer, hence Oct 23; echr Espada, from San
Pedro.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived Nov 7— Stmr Bruns
wick, hence Nov G.
ASTORIA— Arrived Nov 7— Sehr F w Howe
and Bchr Samar, from Han Pedro; bktn Echo,
from Honolulu; schr A F Coata, from Re
dondo; Bchr \V F. Jewett, hence Oct 81; Gcr
bark Prof Koch, from Port Los Angeles; Fr
bark Joliette, from Meibourn*.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Nov 7— Stmr
Chehalls. hence Nov 4; schr Alert, from Guay
mas; schr Sophia Chrlstenson, hence Oct 22;
schr Roy Somers, hence Nov 2; «chr J M Col
man, from Redondo.
POINT LOBOS — Passed Nov 7, 11:30 a m —
Stmr South Bay, from Eureka, for San Pedro.
EVERETT — Arrived Nov 7 — Stmr Grace
Dollar, hence Nov 2.
ISLAND PORT.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TOINT LOBOS, Nov 7. 10 p m— Weather
clear; wind NW. velocity 28 miles per hour. •
Per Ger bark Atalanta, at Eureka, from
Banta Rosalia — Oct 17, lat 26 30 N. Ion 123 23
VT. ship Shenandoah, from illogo. for New
York: all well.
TELEGRAPHIC.
SPOKEN.
Schr Fannie Adele, Felsher, Coos Bay.
Echr Jennie Stella, -Hanten, Grays Harbor.
Btm,r Whlteaboro, Olsen. Point Arena.
Stmr Francis H Leggett. . Jahnsen. Kureka.
Stmr Point Arena, MHler, Mendocino.
$22. Gel: Holland, $12.0S9; Ftance, $760; Bel
glum. (150; England. $5332. Tbe following
were the Drlrcipal exports:
To Central America— 100 ctls barley. 110 gals
wine, 12 pkgs freeh fruits; 221 lbs dried fruit,
111 pkgs groceries and provisions, 3C0 lbs tea,
276,000 lbs cement, 3 cs gasoline, 33 pkgs nails,
•4S7 lbs apices. 222 lbs hope. 11 c« Canned goods,
25 cs oil, 5753 railroad ties. 63 pkgs. machinery,
8 bales bags. 131 pkgs white lead. 50 cs coal
oil. 374 Iks coaV
To Peru— ($4,595 lbs malt, 6260 lbs dried
fruit, 140 cs canned salmon, 80 cs salad oil, 35
pkgs groceries and provisions, 13G0 lbs shrimps,
»i cs canned goods, ?50 lbs candy, 39.1&2 lbs
tallow, 6 bdls paper, 10 bbls axle grease, 6c»
'assaying supplies. 420 colls rope, 400 ca blast
ing powder. 18 bbls oil. 6 cs caps and fuse.
To Chile — 300 cs salmon. 3000 lbs lard. 30 es
canned goods. 140 bbls oil, 7 pkgs wagon ma
terial.
To Germany — 1.487.612 lbs dried prunes, 270
cs canned fruit. 165.140 lbs asphaltum.
To Holland — 375,241 lbs dried prunes, S70 cs
canned fruit.
To France — 33,600 lb» dried prunes. - .
To Belgium — 5000 lbs dried prunes.
To England— S7 bbls shells.
WHALING SCHOONER MONTEREY WHICH ARRIVED YESTERDAY
FROM THE NORTH AFTER AN EVENTFUL CRUISE, DURING
"WHICH SHE GATHERED IN 3590 POUNDS OF BONE.
The carelessness of somebody at San Diego
vrat responsible for the scare the British bark
Vanduara gave those interested In her. She
¦was reported as having left the southern port
fifty-neven days ago for Puget Eound. A*
time «]¦¦« d and the vr-*el failed to put in an
appearance at the northern port, underwriters
became un?asy and on Friday the Vanduara
waa reinsured at 10 per cent. The rate ad
vanced yesterday to 25 per cent. A number
of speculators who had played her at 10 per
oent "not to arrive" sold out when the rate
r<ach»d 2o. per cent, maJclng a quick and »ub
rtantial profit. Meanwhile the advisability of
communicating with San Diego was suggested.
This was done and late In the afternoon it
was learned that the Vanduara nailed, not for
Pu«et Sound, but for Newcastle, Australia,
and has still plenty of time within which to
make a good passage. ' .
Vanduara Not Overdue.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 23
minutes later than at Fort Point: the height
of tide la the same at both places.
Time and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
WASHINGTON, D. C., Nov. 7.— The fol
lowing Postmasters have been commis
sioned: California— Luella C. Fippin,
Rough and Ready; Taylor B. Friend, La
Costa. Oregon— Ora E. Larson, Juniper.
Postmasters Commissioned.
DENVER, Nov. 7.— Governor Peabody
to-day set aside the verdict of the court
martial which found Brigadier General
John Chase guilty of disobedience of or
ders and sentencing him to dismissal from
the service. The Governor decided that
the findings of the court were correct, but
in view of the general's previous good
record restored him to duty as commander
of the National Guard of Colorado. The
charge of disobedience of orders was filed
against General Chase by Adjutant Gen
eral Sherman Bell, who issued an execu
tive order at Cripple Creek, which was
disregarded by the commander. General
Chase attempted to justify his action on
the . ground that majiy ''manufactured
executive orders" had been Issued and he
was in doubt as to whether the order in
question really came or not.
GOVERNOR SETS ASIDE
COURT-MARTIAL VERDICT
Previous Good Record Saves Briga
dier General Chase of
Colorado.
JORDAN, Minn.; Nov. 7.— H. S. Schrei
ner, cashier, and A. G. Schaffer, assistant
cashier of the Scott County Bank, which
closed its doora last Saturday, have been
arrested. It is alleged they received de
posits after the bank was insolvent. They
were released on $2000 bonds each. The
total assets of the bank amount to $143,-
SS1; liabilities, $154,054.
Bank Officials Under Arrest.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner,
AlamMa. sailed y«terday for Honolulu with
a full carg-j and passengers as follows:
Mrs. Jane Blair, Mrs. H. A. Blume. Cap
tain A. J. BraJUh, A. Brown. A. S. Brown,
F. Carmen W Desmond, Mrs. Desmond. F.
d; dwell G. Gray, Mrs. Gray. R. U Haluey. P.
Harvey. Mrs. Harvey. O.G. Haskett, A. H«nder
son. Mii. Henderson. C. J. Hutchins. W. John
son H.W. Kilpatrick. H. C. Marsales. Dr. J. T.
McDonald R. N. Morgan. Thomas O'Dowda,
Miss B. Pearle. M. O. Pfontz. Mrs. A. Po
cock ar.d two children, P. J. Ramos, Miss H.
Regelsbergor \V Fanford, Mrs. Sanford, E.
W. Schlueter. Miss Pchlueter. H. Schutte. Mrs.
Schutte Mies Smythe C. P. Thurston. Carl
Vandal. C. Vincent. B. Wallace. G. Wells.
John VCllhe-lm. G. Williams, M. Whitney, Mrs.
Whitney and child.
Alameda Sails for Honolulu.
NEW YORK, Nov. 7.— Th© Financier
says: The striking feature of the state
ment of the New York Associated Banks
last week was the close correspondence
In the loss of cash as officially shown with
estimated losses as based upon the trace
able movements of money during \ the
week. The decrease in this item was
$8,277,900 as disclosed by the statement,
while the estimates indicated a loss of
$10,814,000. Doubtless the decrease last
week was partly due to the bringing over
from the previous week of the three days'
average, which waa 'not reported in the
previous week, and adding thereto the
average Ios3 on the cash movement last
weel:. • x
The deposits were decreased $17,571,900.
which amount Is less by $3,114,000 than the
sum of the loss of cash and of the de
crease in loans— the latter being. $11,413,000
—therefore the statement fails to balance.
The required reserve was reduced
through the decrease in deposits by
$4,692,975. Deducting this sum from the
loss of cash as above leaves $4,S97,d23 aa
the decrease In surplus reserve, making
this item $5,394,225. Computed upon the
basis of deposits, less those of $37,182,200
of public funds, the surplus is I14.6S9.T75.
The cash holdings of the banks now, it
may be noted, are only $3,902,600 higher
than the minimum of twelve months. On
December 27 last year the specie was $153,
744.300, while on March 21, this year, the
legal tenders were $64,753,500, making the
total, $218,502,800 cash; the total reserve
reported last week was $222,405,400, includ
ing $159,435,900 specie and $62,943,500 legal
tenders. The excess of loans over depos
its, which in the previous week was $25,
981,900, was last week $32,050,800. Indicat
ing that the banks drew largely upon
their loanable resources, including capi
tal. The decrease of $11,414,000 in loans
last week was doubtless due to operations
incident to the November settlement.
Comparisons of loans show that three
of the larger banks reduced this item by
$7,000,000. The loss of cash by this num
ber of institutions was $4,800,000.
Judge Graves set the case for retrial
December 14. The case of Senator C. A.
Smith on the same charge was set for
trial December 16.
JEFFERSON CITY. Mo.. Nov. 7.— The
jury before which State Senator Frank
H. Farrls was tried on a charge of brib
ery in connection with alum legislation,
came into court at 10 o'clock and report
ed that it had failed to agree on a ver
dict. The Judge thereupon discharged the
jury from further service. The foreman
reported that the Jury stood eight for
conviction and four for acquittal. This
necessitates a new trial.
Senator Farris was the first of the in
dicted members of the Legislature to be
tried on charges of boodling. He was
tried on a direct charge of receiving
$7000 and distributing it - among seven
members of the Committee on Criminal
Jurisprudence for holding up the bill in
troduced to amend the law prohibiting
the use of alum in baking powder. This
money, the testimony went to show,
came from Daniel J. Kelly of New York,
a representative of the baking powder
trust, and was alleged to have been hand
ed to the accused by former Liuctenant
Governor John A. Lee. This was the
testimony of Lee, who appeared as a wit
ness for the State. A letter purporting
to have been written by Lee to Kelley,
returning the $7000, was presented as evi
dence, but Lee denied the authorship of it.
Foreman Ross said: "The four' men
who voted for acquittal were Peter Lauf,
Ben Pringer, James Clark and Benjamin
Lockett. Every one of the four agreed
that he thought Farris but he
felt that under the instructions the testi
mony, was not sufficiently, strong to per
mit him to vote that way. They felt
that there was a reasonable doubt of
guilt." .->« •
Eight Men Vote for Convic
tion of the Alleged
Boodl9r.
The Alexander reports having Eighty
the whaling cteamer William Balies o!"
Cape Usbourne on October 11. clean. She
also reports the sailing of the whaling
steamer Morning Star from Unalaska on
October 22.
The Monterey brought 3500 pounds of
bone. The members of the crew will re
ceive SI each as their share of remunera
tion for the cruise.
The whaline steamer Alexander ar
rived in port last night after a long cruise
in Alaskan waters. The Alexander lost
two of her boats in a heavy gale on Oc
tober Zl. John Landers, an aged seaman,
died of old age on September 7 and was
buried at sea. The Alexander's catch was
seven whales. She brines 12,000 pounds
of bone.
The whaling steamer Belvedere collided
with the Monterey In the Arctic, but in
flicted little damage. The Monterey en
c.cuntered some terrific weather October
15 In lititude 51 north, longitude 156 west.
The wind came from the northeast and
for sixteen hours howled and ripped its
way past the little blubber hunter. Oil
was poured on the water, and to this
alone, says Captain FoIfv, is due the
Monterey's survival of the storm. Dead
calm followed the Ptorm. and then from
the southeast came a gale eveji more se
vf re than the northeaster.
inusht, killed and secured the
bone from tv.o whales, but caught, chased
and lost three and chased and missed ten.
One of the whales that was lost took a
sudden dive and carried with it harpoon,
line and boat. 80 sudden was the dive
that those in the boat had no time to
slacken or cut the line. Down went every
body, and the whale probably would
have towed all hands home with it had
not the harpoon torn its way oat of the
mammal's flesh and released the boat.
WHAT the whaling schooner
Monterey missed In the way of
bone and blubber was made
up in part in excitement. She
Banks Drawing on Resources
to Meet Demand for
Increase Over Amounts
of Last Year Only
Slight.
Missouri State Senator
Must Face Second
Trial.
Submarine Trip Comes to an End When the Harpoon
Pulls Out of the Mam mars Carcass---Schooner
Brings Back to Port Only 3500 Pounds of Bone
SMALL RISE IN
CASH HOLDINGS
WHALE TAKES ONE OF THE MONTEREY'S
BOATS INTO DEPTHS OF THE ARCTIC
JURY DISAGREES
IN FARRIS CASE
THE SAN FKAKCJSCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 8. 1903.
39
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
mt ' fS^JI
S OALIFORNIA |
I LIHITEO TO CHIOAGO \\
g Leaves Mondays sad Thursdays g
n at 0:30 a. tn., through In 8 days, B
:K with diner and el! trappings. M
;-,-¦;- Other Santa Fe Trains:
' o. : S ?* S" I *<* Stockton. Freeno, Bakersfield*
8:00 £ m.' ) Merced » Haaford aad Vioalia.
4.00 p.m. for Stockton. .
6:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
, Chicago. '
Tzckst. Orncs: 641 Market St., and retry
Depot. S. F. Also 111] Broadway, Oak-
land, Cal.
Bipg] TO SAN RAFAEL
EhE! ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
jggpl CAZADERO, ETC.
via Sausalito Ferry.
Suburban Service. Standard Gauge Electric—
Depart from San Francisco Dally— 7:00, S:0O.
9:00. 10:00. lliUO a. to.. 12:'M, 1:45.. 3:13.;
4:15. 6:16. 0:15. 7:00. 8:43. 10:20. 11:45 p. m.
FROM SAN RAFAEIi TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Daily— 6:25.-' 6:55. 7:40. 8:35, 8:35, 11:05
a. m.. 12:20. 1:45. 2:55, 3:45. 4:45. 5:45. «:43.
! 8:45, 10:20 p. m.
. FROM MILL VA1.LET TO SAN FRAN-
j CISCO— Dally— 5:45. tj:55. 7:52, 8:55, 8:55,
! 11:20 a. in.. 12:35. 2:00. 3:15. 4:05, 5:05. 6:05.
7:08. OUXfr 10:35 o.-ro.
. THROUGH TRAINS.
.8:00 a.- tn. week days — Cazadero and way
stations. • ¦ .
'-5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted) —
Tomales and " way stations. > ; - '
! 3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations. . ¦ .
Sundays only — 10 a. m.. Point Reyes and. war
Stftttons. '^Mw'MkMBSMifS^MPajMMaBBMMI
1 TICKET OFFICE— «26 Market st.
1 FERRT— Union Perot, foot of Market
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
SOUfl^ERIvrPACIFIC
Train* leav* sud are dae to arri »e sit
SAN KKANC1SCO.
<M»la Line. Toot of Market Street )
L»AT» — FKOM OCTO««a 21. 1308. — AKOITq
7.00a Denlda, SaUan. Klmlra sad 3*cr»- ~
mento 7|§^
7.00a VacaTlUe, Winter*. Ramsey 75aP
7J0a Msrtlnei, San E»mon, Vsllejo. * - _-«
Nap*. Callttogs, Santa Rom 8 25 e
7J0a Nile*. Uvermore, Trscr, LatUrop.
Stockton 7-25?
800a !>•«•. Woodland. Knlg&ts Landing, •
Marytrl'.ie. OroTille 7.55f
8 00a Atlantic Expre»»— Ogden «nd B««. 10-23 a
8-IOa Port Coata, Martinez. Antiocb. Ry-
roa.Tracy.Stockton.Sacramento.
Xewinan, Los Baaos, Memluti,
Armoaa, Lemoore, Uaaford,
YUalla. PortenrUle 4JZ>
8 J0i> Port Cotta, M.trtlaez. Tracy. Luit-
rop. Modesto. Merced. Fresno,
Go«&en Janctlcn. Lemoore, Han-
ford. Visalla. B»lter»fleld 4.9SF
¦-3Ga Shut* Express— Darts. Williams
(for B»rtleu Sprlnsc*). Willows. ¦•
TFratflv Ked Bluff. Portland 7-35*
8-3<U Klles. Saa Jose. Llrermore. Stock-
ton.Ione. Sacramento. PI »cerTtlle,
Msrjitllle. Chlco. Red BiuS 4Z%r
830a Oskdale. Chinese. Jamestown. So-
aor*. Tuolamae »nd Angels ..... f-f?'
9 00a M»rtinei»nd W»y3t»tloas. 6 5jp
10.00a VaUeJo-.,. x -..»» - 12^5*
IOXOa" x
Tan ccno. naruaes. Br»©a,
Tracy. Lsthrop. 8 toe it on,
Merced. Raymond. Fresno, Haa-
ford. VIsalla, Bakorsfleld. Los
Angeles ("West-
bound mrrrres Tlacvait Line)... «1.JCr
1000a Tbe OTerland Limited — Ogden.
DenTer. Omaha, Chicago. ¥iS r
i 1200m Hayward. Nile* sad Way SUUons. f.2Sr
ti.OOr Sacramento RWer Steamers. til.Our
330p Benlda, Wlntert. 8acr»inentoi. .
Woodland. Kntght* Landlnx.
, '. MaryiTllle. OroTUle and way
nations tO.55*
3-30T Hayward. NUe« and Way Station*.. 7-55r
: 3.30r Port CoaU. Martinez. Byron.
Tracy. Lathrop. Modesto,
Merced. Fresno snd Way Sta-
tions beyond Port Costa 12-25*
i 3-30-r Maniaez. Tracy. SwcH:on. Lorfl... 10 25a
4 OOr Mftrtinez.Sanltnraon.ValleJo.'Napa,
CallitOK*. 8anUK))««.. ?25*
4 00f Nllea. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl <¦?§'
430r Hayward. Nile*. IrTtagton. San I t3.65»
Joae. Ltrermore I til.b&A
S.COf Tlje Owl Limited— Newman. Loa
Danot. Mendota. Fresno. TuUra,
Bak«r»fleld. Los Angeles 8.55a
6 COr Pert Coita, Tracy. Stocttoa 12-2SP
t5 30p Hayward. Kites and San Josa 7.25a
- 6-COp Hay ward. Ntles and San Joae. 1025a
600p Oriental Mail — Ofrteo. Denver.
Omaha, St. Lonia. Chicago aad
Ka»t Port Coata. Oenicla, Sal-
»un. Elmira, D*vt«, Sacramento.
Roeklln. Auburn, Colfax,
Truckee. Boca, He no, Wads-
worth. Wtnntmucci, Battle
Mountain. Elko 4.25r
6. OOr Vallejo, dally, except Sanday.... I 7 cs-
7 0Cf Valleio. Sanday only f /w
7.G0P San Pablo. Port Costa. Martlnei
and Way Station! II.ZSa
(XSp Oregoa * California Expreta— Sae-
ramento. Marysrllle. Redd!nff.
Portland. Paget Soand and East. 8-53a
e.10r Hayward. Nile* aad Saa Jote (Soa-
dayonly) . 11-SSfc
COAST LINE (. Harrow «*¦«•).
(Fuot uf Marfcet Street.)
b 16* Newark. CenterTlile. San Jo»«.
Felton. Boulder Creek, Santa
Cm* and Way Station* 5 Sa'
I I2-16F Kewark, Centerrllle. 8aa Jose.
New Alraadtn. L01 Gatos. Fsicon,
Voalder creek. Sanu Cms and
¦' Principal Way Station* 10 33a
4 16p Newark. S«a Jose. Los Oatoa aad
way stations t8-63A
'S 30r nnntera Tratn, Saturday only. Saa
Joae and Way Station*. Sunday
only return* from Loa Gatos t7 25p
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
rrom SAN tl'.A.N CISCO. JTout of Market St. (Sllpi)
-fl:15 9:00 11:00 a*. 100 3-00 5-15 FJi.
from OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — tS:<X> ?i:i*
t9:05 10:00 a.m. 12 00 200 4 00 p.m.
COAST LINE <Ur»ad 4Jao«e).
tf (Third amt fuwmend Streets.)
6.10a San Joie and Way Stations. 8 30'
7 00a S»n Joie and Way Stations B 38?
8 00 a Kew Aimarten (Tues.. Frld., only), 4.IO'
8 00a CositLlne Limited— Stops only Soa
Jose, Gilroy (connection for not-
Utter). Pajaro, CastroTllle. 8a-
i:aa». San Ardo, Paso Roble*,
Santa M argarl t a. San Lai* Obltpo.
'Principal stations thence Surf
(connection for Lompoc) princi-
pal station* thence Santa Bar-
bara and Los Angeles. Connec-
tion at CaatroTtlle to and from
Monterey and Paclfle GroTe 10- 45^
8.00a San Joie. Tres Pino*. Capitola,
Saata Cruj.Paclflc nrore.Saltnaa,
San Lais ObUpo and Principal
Way Station* 4-IOr
10.30a San Jo»e and Way Stations. 1.20*
11 30a Santa Clara, 8an Joie, Los Qatsi
and Way SUtlons 7.30?
1 30p Pan Joie and Way Station* 830a
3.C0p Paclfle Grove Eiprej*— SantaClara - -,
Sxo Jo»f. Del Monte, Monterey.
Pactflc Grore (connect* at Santa
Clara, for Santa Cruz. Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Points)
at Gilroy for Hollliter. Tre*
Plaos. at CastroTtlle for Sollau. 1 215p
5J0» Gilroy Way Passesger 110.43a
14 4 Sr San Joie, (t1» Santa Ciara) Loa
Gatos, and Principal Way Pu-
,2^. tlon* (except Sunday) t9-28a
tb.ZtSr San Jose and Principal Way Station* t3-0pA
8.00r Somet Limited. Eastbound.— Saa I
Luis Obiipo, Sanu Barbara. Lo*
ADgeles, Demlng. El Paso, New
Orleans, New York. (Westboand
>rrlTe*Ttft8aaJoa<]afaValley)... tr9 25*
! t8.15r SanMateo.B«reiford,BeImoncSaa
Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaka,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto t34Sa
B.JOr San, Jose and Way Stations. 6.38a
11 .30? South SanFranciieo, M lllbra*. Kur-
lingame, San Mateo, Belmont,
San Carlo*. Redwood, Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto 9 4=r
B1133? Mayneld, Mouauln View. Sunny-
vale, Lawrence, Sacta Clara aad
S*n Jose...... t9.45p
A for Morning. P f or Afternoon. *
t Sunday only.
I Stop* at all atatioaa oa Sunday.
t Bnnday excepted. a Saturday only.
«Y ta Coast Line. tr Via Sun Joaqala Valley.
tF* Only tralss stoppiae at Valencia St. southbound
*ni:l0A.lt..tt:O0AJt^n:SaA.*..t: SOr.m. and «:30r.«.
CALIFORNU NORTBWESTEfiN RY. Ca
SAN FRANCISCU ANU NORTH PACIF12
SAZX.WAT COMPAJTT.
THjuron Perry, foot of Market Street.
sah rBAHCisco to a*w satasl.
i WEEK DAYS— 7:30. &:00. 11:00 a. m. : 12:33.
3:30. 5:10 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11 :3O p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. »:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30t
, 5:00. 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAJT BAPAXX. TO BAIT TSASCXBCO.
WEEK DAYS — 8:05. 7:35. 7:50. 8:20. U:ia
a. m. ; 12:S0. 3:40, S:CO. 5:20 p. m.
Saturday* — Extra, trip at 2:05 and 8:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:60. 0:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
4:55. 8:05. g:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect ] Arrira
San Francisco. I Sept. 27. 1908. 1 3an Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destlno- I Sun- J Week
Days. I days. | Uon. ( days. | Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a ~~~ 9:10 a 8:40a
0:30 a Xsaacio. 10:40al0:2Oa
3:30 p 3:30 p 8:0S p 8:20 p
5:10 p 5:00 p 7:35 p
7:30 a | 8:10 al 8:40 »
8:00 a Novato. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma. 6:05 pf 6:21) p>
6:10 r 3:30 p and 7:35 p]
B:COp Bapta Rosa. \
7:30a ' 1 ' 10:40 a! 10-^0 a
8:00 al Fulton. 7:35 pi 6:20 p
3:30 p 3:30 p |
Windsor.
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburs. 10:40 a 10:20 a
* Lytton.
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyservtile. 7:33 p 6:20 p
I Clovrdaie. |
7:30a! 8:0Oa| Hopland 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 a| 3:30 p| and Uklah. ( 7:33 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 a| WUllts. l7:SSrt6:2Op
.7:39a{ 8:00 a] |10:4O a|10:2Os>
3:30 pf 3:30 pf OnerncTine. [7:33 p[ 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma, .1 9:10 al 8:40 a
o:10p| 3:00 p) Clen Ellen. | «:05 pj 6:20 p
7:3Oa| 8:00ai 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p( 3:30 p| SebastopoL I 7:33 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Oreen Brae for San
Quentln: at Santa Rosa for Whlto Sulphur
Springs; at F*ultoo for Altruria and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey.
serrtlle tor Ska*gs Springs; at Clot-erdale for
the Geysers. Booneville and Oreen wood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake, Porno.
Potter Volley. John Day's, Riverside. Llerly's.
Bucknell's Sanhedrln Heights, Hullville. Orfs
Hot Sprines. Halfway House. Comptche. Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendocino City. Fort Brass;.
Wentport. Usal: at Wiiuts for Fort Bragg-.
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto. Corello, Layton-
vtlle. Cummlngs, Bell's Springs, llarris. Ol-
sen" 9. Dyer, GarbervlUe. Pepperwood,' Scotia
and Eureka. -
. Saturday to Sunday round-trip ticket* at re-
duced rates.
On. Sunday round-trip tickets ta all potntt
beyond San Rafael at half rates. .<'.
Ticket office. 630 Market street. Chronlcls
building. •
H. C. WHITTJfG. > R. X. RTAK.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave Tia Si«saUta Tvtj Arrive
' SanFrandsco fat *t Marttt ft SanFrandsco
Week Son- am Sun- Weelc"
Da>-<. days jkfwWw^V <^y^ Days.
•lt.0ai*8:OO A P^StSmMi 12:05 r 10:401
*1:4Sr B:OOa VSteSfiSr-a/ Wl-rSiSUf
0:15? 10:00* !^£wS« 8;50r 3:5Op
._.-«... 11:O0a l^^S^ 4:SOr 9j50t
-.;....;.. l:45p TsRSfW S:&a r ,,, ,
.......... 3:15 r T^BOp , ......
•0ua*A Tilk ttagi fcr *^ Wywa sad TiO«w Oaat
nCUT J 636 Maxkbt ST..(Korth Sbore Railroad)
0/nCB ] and Sa vsAJurro Fmuir, Foot Mar. at St.
Graf, tnd brother cf F. W., Ei. Jaccb ana
Walter Graf, a native of Alameda. • Cal..
e*td 22 years and a months.
C3*- 1 r torment Sunday. November 8. 1903.
at fc't. Helena.
ZiALliORAN— In this city. November 0. 1903,
Annie, beloved wife of John J. Halloran.
mother cf Flora and Mary Halloran, and «is-
ter of Mrs. K. Nesty. a native of San Fran-
claro. aged .'!."> yoars 1 month and 18 dayrf,
IT?" The funeral will take ulace to-day
(Sunday), at HtSO o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Hunker & Lunt. 2t$6<5 Mission
«tre«-t, bttween Twenty-second and Twenty-
thini. thence to Mlrsion Dolores Church for
service*, comniencinr at 1 o'clock. Inter-
mcrt private.
MARniN'CiTON— In this city. November C.
11HJ3. J.<hn Harrincton. husband of Clita
Jiarrinpton. and brother of Dan Harrington,
a r.ative cf BcMtn, aired (53 years.
Cri-Mf-ris ar;d acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvite<] to attend the funeral to-day
i Sunday), tt 1 o'clock, from the funeral
jarlorb of .Tame? McGinn fk Co.. 214 Eddy
fetrett. tntenuCBt I-aurel Hill Cemetery.
HEATH— In thla Cjtjr. November 5. 1903. Ed-
verd Lilvirssione Heath, a native of Mas-
fca"hur-^tt?. :-. f 1 55 year*.
Cyrrirnfis and acquaintance* are reej>ect-
fully invited to attend the funeral cervices
Monday, November !», 1JKL1, at 2 o'clock, at
th? narlors or Porter & White. 423 Golden
Gat* avenue.
HECKMA.V— At St. Luke's Hospital. Novem-
t.tr <i. 1S")3. iUir Heckman. a native of
New York City. <uted 41 years.
C^Tritnvls and acquaintances are rc*p»ct-
ruii> invited to attend the funeral services
Monday. .\cv»mb«r 0, 1JW3. at 10 o'clock, at
the mortuary chapel of tho Oolde.1 Gate Un-
rtor-aking Oomuany. 2i?r> Mission street, near
Twenty-first. Interment Cypress LcwTi
Cenwterj". by carriage.
IIORX — "Entered into rest, in this city, No-
v«>n)l>er 7. 1903. Jennie F. Horn, beloved
Wife cf Freeman C. Horn, mother of Myr-
tle. Gladys end Milton Horn, and daughter
of Uobm ana Jane M. Cove.
T^Kriends *nd Bcqualntances are reFp^rt-
fulir lnvlt&d to attend the funeral services
Tuesday. November 10, 1»{j3, at 1 :HO o'clock,
st the hotn<> of her parentn. 2O1I Howard
etrtvt, between Sixteenth and Seventeenth.
Interment Cysress Lawn Cemetery. l>y car-
riaer.
KJMEALL— In this city. November 7. 1903.
Hele-n K. Klmball. a native of Chicago. I!!..
a«ed C4 yeare. A member of Mabel Chapter,
O. E. S.. of Chicaso. III.
C?"Frientl* and members of the Order of
the Ea*tem Star ar* rtspectfully invited to
attend Wm funeral to-day (Sunday), at 1:15
o'clock, from th** chapel of the crematory at
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
KOFOED — In Bouth Fan Francisco, San Mateo
County. November <5, 1DO3, H. L.. beloved
hut-band of Marie K .'••1. father of Leland
Kofoed and Mrs. Elh^l JoBffh, and brother
•if I>. H. Kofoed. a native of L>enm&rk, aged
.'- years 3 raosth* and 11 days.
C7 Friends and ncqualntancrs are respect-
fully Invited to attend th# funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his lat« resl-
«1ence. South Ean Francisco. Ean Mateo
County. Interment Cyprees Lami Cemetery.
LXCET — In thin city. November 6. 1903.
Charles H.. beloved son of Peter J. and the
late Mary E. L«oey, and lovins; brother of
Joseph. Uu8el<>. Tlllle and Tessle Lacey and
Mm. R. H. Smith, a native of San Fra.n-
ciFco. ared lt» years 4 months and 10 days.
E"TFriende and acQuaintjincne are respect-
Tully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence
of fcls sister. Mrs. R. H. Smith. 111SH
Florida Ftreet, thenoe to St. Peter's Church
for ?ervices at 0:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Ores* Omttery.
LELEVIER— In this city. November 7. lOtt't,
Joseph I*!evler. beloved brother of Sirs. A.
Casiten. Mrs. J. Durand. Mrs. U. Landgrebe
and Mrs. J. Day. a native of Stn Fran-
cisco, ased 40 year* and <J months.
["¦¦""""""Frieuda and acquaintance* are respect-
fully iaviud to attend tbe funeral service*
Monday. November 0. 1&03. at 2 o'clock, at
the mortuary chapel of f. fi. Godeau, 305
Mrr.tpomery avenue. Interment Laurel Hill
< > metery.
LIND— In Oakland. November 6. 1903, Au-
jrusta. Ix-loved wir«> of Andy Ltnd. and
mother of Viola Llnd, a nati\-«» of Sweden.
apf-<l 12 years 0 months and 29 days.
LORD— In this city. November 5. 1003. Mary
Terms, beloved wi£ t of AVilliam A. Lord.
mox!:er of Littian E. and Ethel S. Lord, and
daughter of Mrs. Elizabeth C. and the late
• "assiu? H. Stafford, a native of Washlns;-
t on, aged Hi ytars t months and 24 days.
Cy I-'rienris and acquaintances are respect-
fully inviteii to attpuj the funeral services
Hunday. November K. U»03. at 1 o'clock, at
her late rps-idence, iiSO Twenty-third street,
between MiMlon and Valeiicia. Interment
Cyiiieo* Lswn Cemetery, by carriage.
McSIVEEXEV-In thi8 city. November 7, 19O 1 :.
it the rosideftre. 217>» Eighth Ftreet. Maudl«^
UcSwceucjf. bt loved granddaughter of Mrs.
Jotfrphlne MrSr«ary, a native of San Fran-
cisco, tigred 1<S years and 11 dayp.
MOREXa — In West Uerkdey. November 7. 1S03.
Charia r., dearly beloved husband of Mcu
Moicl. a native ut France, e^c-d 75 years and
22 day*.
JudP.klMJX— In East Oakland. November (>.
U»03, JDanle!. beloved hu^b&ail of Catherine 1
Mcnison. father of Mrs. Frances Elunna- \
t:an. brother of M!es Oeorcia. John O. anj
Jamt-s Morrison, Mrs. Anna U; Galloway, ;
Mrs. Jeaattta Schindler and Mrs. O. R. '
Bmttll of Waifalacton. and uncle of Un. Ed i
1'. liacgott, a nati\-e of Scotland, aced 77 |
year*. j
C?" Friend* and acquaintances are rpspect-
fully icvittd to a-lttnd the funeral «ervic«a
Sunday. November 8. 3SKKJ. at '1 o'clock, at
tfcc family residence, 10C2 East Seventeenth
6trett. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
PAINTER— In this city. November 7, 1&Q3.
Katharine Clarke, beloved wife of Dr. George
L. laintfr, a native of CalUornia. a*ed 25 !
years. I
fOSPEBLXXa — In this city, November 7. 1903. |
Anni? Maryarethe. beloved wife of Joseph '
Pifpt-rlir.g, and beloved mother of Mr*. P.
Stevenson and Annie Fieperllng. a r.ative of
Hessen-Darrr.stadt, Germany, aeed 43 years I
(J months and e days.
CTThe funeral will take place Monday. !
November '.*. at 11 o'clock, from her late resi- i
dence, 1143 Union street, corner of Hyde.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery. Please
omit flower*.
ROONEY— In this city. November 6, 1903.
James J. Iiooney, beloved husband of the
late Mary A. Rooney. beloved father of Mrs.
F. A. Itrich. Mrs. Ernst Zimmerman. James |
J. Rooney Jr., Mr». F. Fleck and D. J. and I
Hugh Itooney of Honolulu, and brother of
I'atxlck Rooney, a. native of County Sliiro.
Ireland, ased 72 year*!. A member of St.
Patrick's Mutual Alliance Association of
Callfornia.
CT'FrknSs ar.d acquaintances are reFpect-
fuliy invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence I
of bit daughter, Mrs. Ernst Zimmerman, j
1711 Thirteenth avenu*. between N and P '
streets eouth. South Pan Francisco, thence
to All Hallows Church. Sixteenth avenue
aril N titretU south, where a requiem hi&h
mast will be celebrated for the repxise of his
poul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross) Cemetery.
EIMI— In this city. November 6. 1JK13. Gaetano
fcimi, dearjy beloved husband of Casana Slml,
and beloved father of Flo and Julia Siml,
Mrs. PU Belli and Mrs. Julia Belli, a native
of San Donato, Lucca, Italy, aged CO years
and 7 months.
ETFuneral i>trict!y private from his late
residence. 415 Bay etiwt, at 12 o'clock, Mon- <
riay. November U. 1&0.1. thence to Manonlc
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
where eervlces will be held under the aus- '
pices of Speranza Lodge No. 219, F. and
A. M. Please omit flowem.
SULLIVAN— In this city, November 6, 1903,
Helen Beatrice, dearly beloved daughter of
Matthew C. and Mary E. Hullivan. and sister
of Frank \V.. May E. and Clarence V. Sul-
livan, a native of Ban Francisco, aced &
years 8 months und b days.
CTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of the carent*. 1112 Tennessee street.
Interment prt%-aie, Hcly Crops Cemetery.
TAYLOR— In the City and County Hospital.
November 7. li)03. William J. Taylor, a na-
tive of Eiutland. aged C7 years.
THOMPSON— In tliiis city, November 7. 1903,
at her recidene*. £40 Turk street, Mr*. P. S.
Thompson, beloved mother of T. R. Thomp-
5on and F. C. Thompson of Stockton. Mrs.
F. J. Johnson and Mrs. F. C. Warren of this
tity. and A. Q. Thompson of Los Angeles, a
native of Charleston. Va, aged 63 years 7
months &nd 10 days. (Stockton and Bakers-
St-ld i»ai>i:s i>lea>e copy.)
fJT'The funeral sernccs wi!I b» held at the
chajKl of the Odd Fellows' Crematory on
Monday, at 1 o'clock. Strictly private.
TYSON— In this city. November 7. 1903, Mary
A., xrtie of the Ute Isaac Tye;jii, a native
of New York, aced 73 years.
r^r Funeral from t!;e reeldence cf her
•3au£hter, Mrs. J. II. Leo, 1759 Ellis street.
Monday. November 9. at 1 :30 o'clock. Pri-
vate. Please omit flowers.
VALENTTNOVITZ— In the City and County
Hospital. November «. 190.X Adolph Valen-
tynovtts, a native of Russia, aged 2B years.
V »:i"LL- At LIsle-aur-le-Dwuba. France. Pau-
lina \\>lll, relict of tbe late Isaac Weill.
and beloved mother of Joseph and Louis
Wej:i and Mr*. J. "Wotfttein. a native of
Alt>ace. aged 7S >ears.
WHALEN— In this city. Noxember «. l»03.
Patrick, dearly beloved husband of the late
Mary Whaltn. and loving father of May E..
«'ath*rm«! A. nn<J M. E. Whalen. and the
l»t'- John J. and Mary A. 'Wlialen. a r.at!\e
of County Gal way, Ireland.
CyFrienda and tcnuaint«rce« are respect-
fullf -Invited to attend th« funeral to-morrcw
< Monday), at 0:^0 o'clock, from his late resi-
''"nK*, 1I>3 Stste KtK»t. between Castro and
Douglass end Rixtecnth and Seventeenth.
th«r.c* to Most Holy Redeemer Church, '
vhere a requiem hlph moss will be celebrated I
for the repose of his toul at 10 o'clock. In-
t'rmfT.t Holy Cross Ceiretery. r.
W'HAKTON— In Oakland, November 7, 1903.
John Richard, beloved husband of Annie J.
Wharton. a native of Enffland. aged 74 years
&nd *i tnocths.Telegraph Company: will Introduce
Mr. J. Ogden Goelet J[r., who Is connected
with the management of this company.
"J. B. VANEVERY, Vice President."
Mr. Vanevery said to-day that th© let
ter was a forgery. The girl was fully con
vinced that she was about to become a
sister-in-law of the coming Duchess of
Roxburghe.
NEW YORK, Nov. 7.— Central office de
tectives at a late hour to-night v.-ere try
ing to find James Abeel of 22* Central
Park West. He. according to the police,
is suspected of being the man who repre
sented h'mself as "J. Ogden Goelet" and
ltd Miss Eleanor Anderson, a Grand Hotel
t^iesraph jperator, to believe that in
marrying him fche would marry into the
GocSgt fanuly of this city. Abeel has been
living at a boarding-house called the Cha
teau, at 229 Central Park West, that is
kept by llrs. Goss, who is a reputable
v»omaa and a s'.ster of former School Su-
I ( rir.iendent Jasper.
Tht: man who pretended that he was "J.
Ogden Goelet" (there is no such member
of the well-known Goelet family) intro
ot.r-pd hlroseif to Miss Anderson by means
of this letter, which was written on paper
"cf the Western Union:
"To all cirpk-yes of, the Western Union
Ilan Who Worked the Goelet Ruse
Disappears.
POLICE AFTER AN IMPOSTOR.
Mir. W. S. Bonner. Miss Emma Chlsmore,
Mrs. F. W. Clampett. Mi«s Sophia Colema.n,
Mrs. H J. Crocker. Mr*. James Marvin Curti*.
Urn. Frank IVvlln. Mr*. John Elliott. Miss
Katharine F<-llon. ISrr. M. I* G*-n»tle. Mrs.
Andrew Orifnn. Mr*. W. K. Guthrie. Dr. Emily
<J. Jiarrison. Mr>. Hunter Harrison. Mrs. Wil
liam Oreer Harrison, Mrs. Iffaac Hecht. Mrs.
Jo*erh Hutrhfrisin. Mrs. Rebecca Jennings.
Mrs. Pheldon G. Keliosg. Mrr. Cora Kimball.
Mrs. G. L.. iJinsini:. Dr. Lucia M. I^ne. Mrs.
"Bradford I> >^^¦itt. Mr*. George Leonard. Miss
H. Leszynskl. Mrg. H. W. l>wls. MiM Martin.
Mr* Thomas Palaclie, Mrc. Henrj- I'ayot, Mrs.
A\'iUUm M. n<T»on, Miss Elizabeth Putnam.
Mi»>? Ur.j^nftfrn. Mrs. M. C. Ploss. I>r. Virginia
vv*. Smiley, Mrii. Mary Rohprts Pmlth. Mrs. G.
B.' Scmer'n. Mr*. Rudolph Fprecke!fi. Mrs.' E.
c jJutliffe, Mrs. Joseph Trilley. M^. S. K.
Vaiilit. Mrs. Sherwood Hoyklnts. Mrs. "U". S.
The ladies who form the auxiliary board
of the hospital and its branches are:
AUXILIARY BOARD.
Cr.rirtmKK tr*e — Mrs. G. L. Lan^int. Mrs.
S. E. Vfcilit. Mrs. H. I* Lewis, Dr. Emily G.
Harrison.
Nur»e*' commencement — Mrs. Bradford J>-av
itt. Miss Elizabeth Putnam. Mrs. W. 8. Gar*.
Committee on improvement of (rrounds — Mrs.
Thomas PaUche. Mrs. Cora Kimball, Mrs.
J<?*ei)h H'Ucisinaon.
Thanksgiving: dinner — Mis* Rosenstern, Mrs.
."V K. iSuthrie. Mrs. G. B. Somer*.
"CJirtBtmajs dinner — Mrs. John Elliott, Mrs.
Georre l>"?nard.
Nurs* conncittee (uniform* and nurses' sit
tinc-roctn) — Mr*. Hunter Harrison, Miss E.
i "hUmore.
Lecture committee — Dr. Virginia. 'W. Bmiley,
Kr». E. C. Sutliffe. Mrs. F. XV. Clamj>etU
Ruiluing committee — Mr*. M. L. Gentle.
Mrr. s-herwuod Hopkins. Mrs. Kebecca Jen
r.ins*.
Prvsf committee — Mrs. M. C. Elosa.
Adoption committee — Miss Katherine Felton,
Mrs. Sheldon Helloes, Mrs. Mary Roberta
Smith.
Repair*— Mrs. Isaac Hecht. Mre. James Mar
vin Curtis.
The ladies of the auxiliary then pro
ceeded to elect officers for the ensuing
jear. the election resulting as follows:
Mr*. Jludolph Sp"eck«l«. president; Mrs J.
Trilley. vice president; Miss Sophie Colenian,
secretary; Mt>. Henry Payot. treasurer.
House furnishing committee — Mr«. H. J
Crocker. Mr«. William Plerson. Mn. Frank J.
iJevlin. >1rr. William Greer Harrison.
Children's clothing — Mrs. Andrew Griffin.
Mrs. \V. K. Bonner.
ELECTED AS OFFICERS.
r>r. Virginia \V. Smiley, attending phy
frlcian, spoke of the need of a .new hos
pital, and hoped that it would be possible
t«» erect a building in which people of
moderate means might be attended in ill
ness on the same lines as carried out in
large institutions.
William Greed Harrison informed the
Fathering that it was proposed to erect
ihe new hospital building on the block
own -d by the Institution and use the pres.
cnt buildir.ps as an annex.
Mrs. Isabel EL Reynolds followed with
an Interesting address on the care of
foundlings. She advocated the placing of
children in private homes, and detailed
many instances of the brightness brought
Into the lives of the foundlings that had
heen - adopted. The auxiliary was urged
to securr the funds required in order that
all applications for children for adoption
might !>e properly investigated by travel
ing agents.
Many women promiaent In social circles
gathered In the Marble room of the Pal
ace Hotel yesterday afternoon for the
purpose o f perfecting the work of the re
cently formed Ladies' Auxiliary Board of
the San Francisco Lying-in Hospital.
Foundling Asylum and Training School
for Nursery Maids.
William Greer Harrlstm of the board of
directors called the meeting to order and
Mated that the auxiliary board had been
formed owing- to the increase in the work
of the institutions. He paid a tribute to
the charitable work of the ladies, who
devoted much time to caring for the sick
and helpless, and won a round of applause
by announcing that if the auxiliary board
¦would raipe the necessary monthly oper
ating expenses the board of directors
xvould raise airthe funds for the proposed
ih-w hospital and asylum buildings.
Dr. Lucia M. Lane-, attending physician
of the institutions, then presented her re
port, showing the good work accomplished
in the last year. The speaker told of the
prow th of the hospital and its branches
f.nd the urgent necessity for new quarters
and funds for maintaining the institution.
Dr. I^ane also pointed out the work
achieved In training nursery maids.
THE CARE OF FOUNDLINGS.
Will Assist Lying-in Institu
tion and Foundling
Asylum.
Society Women Organ
ize for the Sake of
Charity.
HEW HOSPITAL
TO BE ERECTED
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., Nov. T.-
E. P. Broughton, formerly general super
intendent of the Chicago and Eastern
Illinois Railway, who after thirty years
of service was recently retired on full
pay, fell dead In the cafe of the Alta
Vista Hotel at 6:10 o'clock this evening
while waiting for dinner. Ha was 68 yean
of age.
Railroad Man Falls Dead.
NEW YORK, Nov. 7.— John Turner, the
English anarchist, must submit to depor
tation, according to a' decision by Judge
Lacombe in the United States Circuit
Court to-day: Pending an appeal to the
Supreme Court at Washington, which it
is understood will be taken, Turner must
remain in custody on Ellis Island until
the case is decided.
Anarchist to Be Deported.
President of Diet Chosen.
BUDAPEST, Nov. . 7.— Desso Perczel
was to-day elected president r and Imre
Jacoby vice president of the lower house
of the Huncarlan • Diet. - '
The bridesmaids' gowns will be of. pink
mousseline de sole, made in Loula XVI
style, combined with ¦ ecru lace. Just
below the waist line will be embroidered
in raised work baskets of flowers. The
hats will be In the form of toques of
pink velvet edged with sable, and muffs,
also, of the same colored velvet trimmed
with sable, will be carried in place of
bouquets. These, .will have . attached to
them clusters of pink roses.
The gown to be worn by the bride
will be exquisite. It is made almost en
tirely .of very old point d'Angleterre lace
over heavy white satin, the foundation
being - covered with tulle that will sup
port the lace. There.also will be gar
lands of English .hawthorne, which is
also called the Mayflower, and of orange
blossoms as well. • - - -
As the number of guests at the church
ceremony is to be so limited, not more
than 200 having been invited, the church
decorations will be in keeping.
At the conclusion of the church cere
mony there will be a very small recep
tion at the home of the bride's mother.
The wedding breakfast will be dispensed
with and in Its place refreshments will
be served from a buffet.
and Miss Martha Johnston of Macon, Ga.
The Duke's best man will be Hon.
Reginald Ward,, brother of the present
Lord Dudley.
YOKOHAMA, Nov.; 7.— It Is reported
semi-officlally in „• ' Tokio Mhat ,- \ Admiral
Alexieff, the-Rusalani Viceroy of the Far
East, will -shortly remove - his "¦¦ headquar
ters from Port Arthur >o Vladivostok and
resign the .vice royalty in favor of a cer
tain Russian 'Prince, and that Vladivostok
will be made an open port
- BERLIN, Nov. 7.— The negotiations be
tween Russia and Japan have so far ad
vanced that the announcement of a set
tlement may be expected soon.
The terms of the agreement are not dis
closed here. . It Is only reported that a
frieridJy adjustment of the differences be
tween Russia and Japan practically has
been reached, and that all prospect of war
has disappeared. ,
'The Foreign Office^ having this knowl
edge,-has received -the Vienna" report that
the Czar and ." Emperor William '•havo
signed a. Far Eastern alliance with smil
ing- incredulity. The officials here say it
is one of those idle inventions that follow
.any' .meeting., of sovereigns. No. such
agreement has been signed. ..Germany's
interest in; the Far East is regarded as
being "of/ too slight a character to Justify
her In even '• contemplating war in . any
eventuality. . Russia- couk! offer no consid
eration now. or in the future sufficient .to
bring Germany Into a' war with Great
r 1 1 1 1 1 1 n 'HHiHuiTnTPwirrHUi miiTiii 1 1
NEW YORK, Nov. 7.— New York so
ciety was thrown into a flutter of excite
ment by the arrival to-day of Lady Anne
Emily Spencer Churchill, } Duchess ' of
Roxburghe, who , comes to ' attend the
nuptials of her. son, the Duke of Rox
burghe, who on Tuesday will. wed Miss
May Goelet, one of the wealthiest of
American heiresses. The Duchess Is ac
companied by her daughter. Lady Isabel
Innes-Ker. : For a half hour before the
gangplank was got Into ., position, the
Duke of Roxburghe was seen striding up
and down the long deck of the Cunard
pier.
Preparations for the wedding .have
nearly been completed. It will be notable
in many ways, although celebrated with
certain curtailments from the original
plan, owing to the recent- death of -Sir
Michael Herbert*, uncle by marriage of
the bride-elect. The ceremony will take
place at 2:30 o'clock. The officiating
clergymen will -be Rev. Ernest SM.
Stires, rector of ; St, .Thomas " Church,
and. Bishop Doane of Albany.
Miss Goelet has chosen for her brides
maids Lady Isabel Innes-Ker, sister of
the' Duke; Miss Alice Babcock, Miss
Marion Haven, Miss . Iselin, ; Miss j Pauline
Wbittier, Miss Nina Thayer of Boston
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Prospect of Settlement
Between Russia
and Japan.
Duchess of Roxburghe
Arrives for Son's
Wedding.
EASTERN WAR
CLOUDS FADING
GOTHAM'S SMART
SET A-FLUTTER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1903.
40
Christmas Santa Claus Contest at Hale's
The Christmas Spirit Has Taken Hold of Hale's ~=For SChOOl Children Opens TO-MorrOW^ 1 Christmas Sights (^^^^^^^^,
The store stirs under its magic influence. Can you draw aoicture of Santa Claus? ¦ . Christmas Opportunities.
There's a Christmas booth of Art Novelties blossomed OUt on We_ want some-lots of them. Fat Santas; jolly ones -.busy ones; - ~ : n t he
. , a i • , . £11 , ... . ri , . ., , ciu.^r some w »th him in his sleisrh. his automobile or up there in his ice home. inline
the second floor ; a large window is filled with Celluloid and Silver or in any wav the children know him Any chi i d can draw such a pic- a^j Department
novelties, with many rare values for first choosers. On the main floor ture. Any child may try. and as many times as they like. Here's where one catches the \JSl|r«J? £*&s
the cards and calendars are being opened up. The Silver and *R S OO 1TI (Told Christmas spirit. ¦ A glance at all - "—HP
Jewelrv section is running over with new eift things this week. So %J/*-J«v/VF HI VJ-V/ thp^p nrf nnvelries at these sam- /^^s. "^ A
is the art department and the art room on the third floor. It's up Wl "^ffi? y '-^ "* '™* fe t P , e pie S of «nbSideVrf sofa pil- i»i?^
here on tho third floor wherp flip rhiidrpn want to P-O Last week it These pictures must be drawn In Ink. on plain, white, unruled paper, not f r , , , , . ,, /V>Si utX^^S^B* 2*
nereon me unru noor wnere me cnnaren want 10 go. i.dbi wra n smaller than 5x7 inches nor larger than 7x9 inches in size. . lows, at these head rests, at these (vw" VI \M»
was dolls This week Below the picture must be a six- word phrase. Including the words Santa >¦¦ - , . /CCU,^' \\Cv( v -^S>
wa5aoiis. lnis.&ecK ¦ ciaus- and "Haie's." iaini written in ink. novelties^of burned and painted vj^j V%\ v iCSF
• Pfc^ii C 0*V±C? **++A Rtftf rk«4Y»i42fcC? vSu nfaTbrhfff a or d sInd°thlse pictures' 1 to^e /to^/n^dayf'beBinnlnK Mon- leather, at all these linen doilies, '^ V %, . -^vV wj'--V":
I>(lli \^a If S rjLl^irlCS da >'- November 9th. Address them Santa Olaus. Hale s. San Fran- ' TrilTimen-riat
J^V/£1 >^C4.K^a7 CCtl^t *-F 4*^ 1V V j clsco. or place them ln the Santa Claus box at the front of the store. SCarfs aild at the beads and mate- * l ""IHCU 1 Idl
So many and so pretty, so ori K inaI. it looks like Santa Claus must have Each picture will be considered the same day as received. Pop the mort rv,n*«r ' ExCelleHCV
come here firi Presume he did He knew that here he could reach the most The oggua and 5TO «-J ! g^ u rc^t.^hW^g^ph» M will rials > fi » S ° ie S ™ nd J lth ChnSt - M enthusiastic values at
parents and children. Some of his buegies and carts look 'just like mammas a dd much mas presents. lviore emnubiasuc \aiUC3 ac
—some of them are big enoueh to put a baby in— and strong enough to hold The picture which receives the decision will be P rI . nt « d 1%??\J°?- 'JL*?*' - $4 7- $7 and SlO
her. We'll show them all off this week in a most interesting wav-and sell . w.th^the ««• Se^e^^rtnWu^^ll^'ft^thSSi^S Who will be fortunate enough to W 3 . W «»ajia
some of them at prices to make it still more interesting. - ceive before Thursday, etc. And so on daily, one every day until share these - Mid-Season offering
2 5 c-R«d Doll Buggy; wooden wheels, $1.25 Wire Go-CartS NmTSSiSX £t h bu.y. and lot us see what kind of a Santa Claus you Embroidered So fa Pillows. f Z f
gilt knobs, lined. That's one of the new ideas this season. can draw.- * Sample pieces that have been finished v" v , •„. ,
39c: worth 60c K^t-^m^K S^fSfoSS will We VSX^^S wiSfer/ plCtureS by to - morrow nlght ' Who w111 be up by the art people themselves in or- our^ew York milliners; the
8 S^w?^l tS^r^£K,BfSvX h r K. k rfaiSS3«idS^ll I g,SSgS;i Eve-y Saturday Evening Till Christmas. to^r^t^^S^lV^ TCSt from our own workroom.
gear, 21 inches long. The most unusual wire handle, steel axles, heavy wheels. •¦ I \$12 ones are 56.00 No lateT shaoeS no nrettlW rnl-
value for the money. • Others in the same style with reclining ~ . $4.50 ones are $2.60 . ' w picLuci \.vi
9Sc— Fancy Doll Cart. exceptlon*.Uy well fin- backs up" to $2.25. fTT^ t| I I * $6.75 ones are ...$3.95 OnnCS, nO better materials So
|*he^ varnished and lined. faa« para«ol top, $1 .c>_R«.ed Go-Cart with knob trlmmln*., van. I jr% H /-^ I .« « •i f| £J ? vi ii^, nu utu tl jiwiciidia. OU.
li^lp^tT Enameled Go-Cart with 'ancy nl.h^l: mw preen steel gear, wire handle. H 1> I C Lrf 1 I 1 W I 1 <3 HEAD BESTS: THE SAME STOEY- See them it VOU are looking for
«Tm7^ ZVf t*£i nt H27f*^^riif .HrniTiinlr. figured parasol. . • *. «fc-«. V** a '^r ¦ « a «. m -^^ m m. m~- Samples that are worth In regular ... &
etee? axle/ hMn st4l wheelf many calora $1.75— Doll Buggies ln enamel, colored with gilt ' , ~ , Ttf , __ , , stocks up to 95c are marked at 2Dc. a DHZe in 2C hat.
.teel axle*, neavy steel *heele. many calors. trimmlng8 Unedt wUh paraBOl topl> very The CommO)l Top C dlld HOW It's I UStrdtcd at Hdle's. MATHEB HOVELTraS-Burned and P " AC
Dolls' English Box Carts urong. - - * /tCi v """"" / " J w r '" • painted, original ideas: Calendars. <¥rt^ ~~7T ,
_ Vl, , ,,7V !, fc 11.05-Very swell Go-Cart. fancy green mot- OlialitV beautv, variety, economy that S the Secret OI Hale S opera bags, leather pillow tops, leather $10.00 ones are of fine velvets with
The bodies are of polished wood, hand- tied straw, with heavy colored knob trim- >£ llt " 1 / L .y> uc<lul ;> »emv-v> Tt^L**'"V l . picture frames. 25c to $5.00. They're long ostrich plumes pompons and
fe°a™hl y r g^^r^e.Sbte'SoS'SlthS SiSB S^JST' S" han<lle ' WheeU> Hnen SUCCeSS ' Givhl^ S ° mUCh aSki "^ S ° Httle 1S SUre l ° br " lg sel°v"s on fii.iESft "iSS? 1 thCm ' ai S rett «' hats .™ would expect
the front or the back; solid rubber tire $2. 2&-Fancy varnished Cart, upholstered, with fts reward Women are not disaOOOinted in Hale linens. They $100 and $1.25 Guipure Scarfs and to S et a ? novelties: not one. or
wheels, iron handle. $6.25. swell front, ruffied parasol, steel axles ¦ * ¥ U1 , , ia _, x , ¦ , TT t ,. / shams going to-morrow at 69c and 75c. two or three or four, but dozens.
f " P iSiS? SuKr^SlS tr^ a d n Su?*eo£SS k^b"'.^^^!! f^S wash and wear and stand the test. The best part of Hale linens is as te*um ui pieces of t he> kind as we cach different.
Bff^^SJJ^wf^J^n*^ 11^! ISiftrVSiS- u .£rS& ln do» e^e not seen at first. It's the care and time and flax that's woven into indi^se^ Beads are io ca bunch. es on^ th^ e os SXm« n^, e
Tnp i t . ruu reclmTn* «iS beau tl fully up- $4.»5-R*ed Cart., varnished, with heavy roll them that gives llOUSeWlVeS SUCh faith in them. They COme tO think Bead looms. 25c and 45c. birds and jet; plenty of black hats.
holstered ln velour. rubber Ure wheels; $3.50. willow sides, tapestry upholstery; almost big .^ - — - , , , I"«ew silk draw braids are Just in by even those in the new OUTnle
Other doll carts up to $15. enough for the child itself. more of them the longer they USe them. express, black, Arabian, white., cream Jl j ' ¦ Purpie
° J . and Tersian colorings. They make snaaes.
_ ¥ *# -^t | ¦ ! So many linens are made merely to sell— to make money on. Our linens pretty collars. Be, 6^4c to 10c yd. $475 hats are hand-made ones too,
Ham/IQV M /¦\' < <i7 r £* I ¦ 1AC are made to make a business. We want to give you such a Rood cloth you will rr *,°,. o J^fS 1 ?^!,'*" 1 ? 1 " "f* 1^ 1^ 5 with a style and tone and finish to
1 lUIlUciy nUVCl tlC^ / come back again when you want another. . , Sp 8 ?ec!aiVhTi S \mII w^kT^nVulr^! them you would expect to pay $7
J?s>* *rtrU, eriff huvrre '< ou are Hnen-safe at Hale's. the art section. and $8 for.
for early gift ouycrs. - . Then look at the beautv (at all those individual cloths, all the private pat- I nAY nAticivo Imimlmr
Many new and pretty things OUt to-morrow for the first time. terns we have); see what a ranee of choosing there is; look at what you pay. IllCXpcilalVe JcWciry ftlore CowbOV Hats 95c
Among them are some values that cannot be repeated again. Your cyes wiU do morc in this rcspect than our words wilL Rings, Brooches, g »«»* f by m ****.
To & s Vn\^ n^nVh! ? 6t£r.^^ Sti SSSSffK^-SSS.^"^ £& S?5 t$ \ SOTtYQ Handsome Individual Cloths Stick Pins, Bracelets, T iea y t h a e ? bfnd. Color^ d y .Tas h tor
and ud to $35.00. "White leatherette handkerchief and glove We imported them ourselves, so the designs are not common. They Include poppies, T nrlcpt<; \ T prlfbrp<; and Oxford
Manicure s*ts ln ebonold. 5 pieces, sterling sU- q^f'' 2^?^ holder a.h . daisies, moss rosesAnd hydrangeas worked up in deep border efTects. the border ,"~ ; ' . «cuwio, Children's trimmed beavers. |2.«5.
ver mounted $1.75. hoider'^the^up^to^io'w! V™^Tell££& TvLte "^yarSSYnd 3 vards $" ft'Mo'lloOM 11^ *?$ \ Watch Chains, Beatlty PinS. They ought to be $4.50. Silk beaver.
Stag- Handle Manicure Sets. 5 pieces ln a case. AutO moblle smokln* seta in new and nobby 'S % P n n ,?£ t« «« Si Ma^ifin^tn to7n «i% ti •« '* i yh 50 ' ' ln tne best QOa^ty. trimmed with
N-T.V designs. $1 50 up to $7.00 each. £ b iL an< U, P • $ k°° '£ P « !™ ?^t£ h each one. $2.50 up to $4.90 and $a.9O a 25c. 5OC, 75c and $1.00. ribbons, silks and ornaments. In red.
Silver novelties In the new French gray. 5Cc Wrltm* sets ln burnt wood, with Ink well, T . T ,? 0 5SJJ-_ j£?-L r^, beau i If SL Sl i°.^ y WhIt ln , c . na - -.^ „ - TVi#»v'r^ nrVttv ,nnii<rli- t Ii»vV» ;n»-r blue, castor, brown and black. That's
each. It's the first time we've heard of pen holder and stamp case. 60c. Regular HEMSTITCHED TEA SETS— Fine German Hnen with that soft satiny finish. With 1 hey re pretty enoujfh. they re inex- gooA news. It wont last lonjr
French tcray pieces as low as that. Ther« price, fl.oo. each cloth are one dozen napkins to match; 3 widths. pensive enough so that every one may Beaver hat shapes $1 65 The best
ar« combs tooth-brushes, nail flies— ln fact Brush and comb sets, ebonold, sterling silver . . 8-4-J4.0O. $4.50. $6.00, $7.50 set. • share them. They're all good plate and quality and the lowest 'prices. All
ffiany useru: article, l^ounted. ,i.co ~, jo-j-Kg. $o.oo ; gj». w in the recent styis. Tlfere SS^e.
. jgifO- - rfkfflv.v PATTERN. DAMASK CLOTHS-With napkins to match, fixed up in sets. A great en °"£ h to suit « ver >' fanc y- , bound I with sateen. machlM-aSSSeS
<^r"t_f^-v ts^Srt, £3*l'* r /w many women are buyins; them this way now. They pet beauty that they don't Will you sec them to-morrow? black, castor, navy and brown
fyrY*hJ*r. «w^!/-\»fc-^v (Cfj*J*/k/?2i Set by the yard, and thfy pay less for It than by the yard. ¦ "
'Xyf/p> - —^ —w &}ZL''-JSfik * 300 LINEN AT $2.00 YARD— SI in. damask, full 2\i yds. wide; beautiful cloth,
\%L\g /a jif^ »^ «»^r^* ' 5Ut we have only two patterns left, so we have decided to close them out be- _ _
sT-? "^ .ay _^ P _ T^K^-> * v v » > ,* \V2yt grinning to-morrow at $2.00 yard. . /l/l >-w*«x-k \T/\»«t C^ Z <&-,-* *
"* ' I"- 3 (L . mmn**-- 1 ¦! L _ _fr j_i_'i -1^ ' 1 " i'i- \\EJF &- 00 YARD— For a white linen, 2 yds. wide and particularly heavy; 24 ln. napkins to IT 1 1 1 ¦ 4r^ I Al t*W/ 1 1TC
"'/'' V fi»-^r^5^^P^'O3T^^Sia > yfc l> 3 $& match are $3.25 doz. " 1I1V1 -* IV TT
*JA* ' -» <^*/^^rX^rc a^J2^^^^S^%i »^*vi'jT YARD— For a bleached lin^n, 2 yds. wide; pure whlto in many patterns, 22 in. !-->.¦ .1
ftf','../,O ra^^^; "^^jr^"^ 1 " A i1*-yW nil napkins to match are $2.00 doz. " A -^y-v \ + -m r-*-4- I j-»
AJSSk^-''/ \ ><^k?'^ J V''''" '"zs^BT 1*&B&$\ I & 45c YARD— For a mercerized table damask, 62 in. wide. It looks as good as a 75c /\lW JU^t 1 O
"^^^^^ $2.25 Damask NapkinS at $1.85 DOZen (Fashion's latest message from New York.)
"^ So^uitabi?°for 0 l ia t n^iU 22 in ' square: a good hcavy * uaUt y in dot pattern only; Plenty fancy mixtures (even a few to sell at $15), and hairy,
. turkey red table cloths-2 yd. ones, fringed; 75c quality. 5Sc each. flaked zibelines (someof them in the military style, with double
Silverware Uppermost Tt. a c oc i,: nn :„ ii'i#M :^ ? onts> b , rass buttons and rapes ' $ 22 -5°)- T ' hm an y nui «>>er of
-JW/MU-Becauseweare so wdl fixed with whaf. new and * "®- 111 LaCCS »g| tail °^ »«> "««« «P " every fashionable
j ,_, J T* • • -. wa y- -its good fortune of the broadest, safest sort. Suits in the
r^'v; P«tty good. aiKl . 1 rUTHTlinefS height of style and beauty; in full variety and temptingly priced
— wxth you — Because it s what lends color and tone and - • - •& /'?»,««-,« c-,- cr. je x. • * • ,
" pride to the Thanksgiving table. And the values that Hale meTchandiSing makes possible. as the It- -° a "l $45 ""^ "* aS . c^™ 1 "S ln ««" «*»»
It doesn't need to be a full set of knives or forks or spoons- .. ., t , ' ,' ,f K =>s the $i 0) $18.75 and $22.50 ones are ,nthe lrS ).
. 1 j- 1 -it ...-..- 1^ A double opportunity — to see and to buy. <t T2 7C c,.:*- -* .-: V
only a spoon tray, a cake dish, a pickle caster, or even a bneht 1XM . . it- A • i ' »; v 1^-/^ suits. ~*
t .„..,,. j r/ .,,, , , °, What you put on a gown this autumn is what counts. Kumine cheviots with tho«« ion* coated
carving set will give the desired effect. Mavbe we can help you with -pi^r siifc in-nd, , - ,^^ *», <;«* AmlinnM . ., . f^". without collar and with fa^cy »cai- i^/f;-
0 . ° * *?*"4 • l:^ Der oils, iianas are among the first Appliques are seen in a wide variety lope<J ca!> * running: to a stole in the front. *rttrJ
its selection. and ncwcst novelties. They look richer >n wool lace with silk colored stitch- Kii^JS^ii'k 1^ 0 "^ "'^Th^^irt'ii
Berry kdoom in the new silver rrar. ven 1 "R^,, tv-,. y an( j dressier than silk cost less and in ff. *4 a yard; in silk, black, cream and kiitcd ana 7 K or«i." ' .jS&SSlS&i
daintily patterned in floral designs, sold lined #011 i^Oll Jars. 2jC. flrcssier man SUK. cost leSb ana wh{ $1 S OO Mivtnrf *&$&*
bowiB. J2.ooeach. in Dohemian slass: something new and la^t lonper: in black, I-Vi to 5 inches $ 4 c O p -Mixture. iffl». \
Butter dishes with silver plated drainer. $1.50 very pretty; something we never had wirie inri frnin ''Cr tn $2 en a varH- in BnljTBrinn Tm\\rn\A»-MkA l nn 1t mi . o TTiose popular fancy Ideas with Ions «Urted Tyj
' lionbon trays, fancy patterns, satin flnlshed; before - wlQe ana lrom 2;jC tO * 2 5 O a y ara » ln i*Ulgarian ±.m broldered. Appliques coats, collars and lapels, shoulder capes, new vffiaN^
* 100 - <5 T no 'TtnnniiPf Vac*»c t-/* white and champagne shades, .i^c to $2 arc $1.50. They're particularly dressy P. 1 * i° p "'"J^ S™ 1 *]? 1 .," 1 "? at V h< * . waUt
Butter knives, surar spoons, 60c each. Ol.OO UOliqUet V aSeS, 7 3 C. v ft v an( j f etc u th r.-- P ers ; an colored u f I l \, &th u T , b * lt w, n l on the lnsld ' /^ >&\\
oyster forks. of 6. $1.85. They look like cut gla.s, have silver- a - vard - Jgk aooliaues arc" S' UC itofc«S Lnd* ton^ ? "h'a/- C ror« Ve «d "ISTor 4 ft \M. >
4S m^Hs!S lg47 '" " nCy SStg. ltBndl1 m ° Unted WUh SUVer - Very The Point Venise Lac. idea comes *%?i^¥hcrT's^ fr& ioend •«« ««' «^» f-^ / fr^W
cream pitchers. eaUn finished. $L25. <>,. _ j c 4 Cake SranH<; <fi^> -n next. Here it is in black bands. 75c to to them. Black spangled nets. $.1 to $5. $10.50 buits. J\ I X | , J/
Picw^ casters, glass bowi s on silver stands. ",^ r ' r^ f , . , // "° $3-50 a yard; in Ralloons and medallions, and white ones $2.2-5 to $.1.50. There JW™ «n ladies- rioth with u raM mat // -3 /^t**i
SaVt^nd pepper shakers, sterling -.liver, «t clSng Some^fro 75c to $4.00; in allovers. $1.50 to $0. and are also black spangled, tnmminw/soc. £^ n S?'SS&. m £ a n n ew »; gffi?^ I' .J j!^
25c. • others satin-finished. They're all quad- the plain ecru bands, 35c to $1.50. 75 C . §1.00 and $1.50 a yard. silk braid and fancy buttons; 7 gored skirt. W*a/r\ Kr^
Teaspoons in shell patterns and satin flnlshed, ruple silver-plated. Gimps and Braids, black and white » a tlnlined jacket: black only.
soupV^rVI; Knives, Forks, Spoons, 15c Each. ' Cluny styles are popular in all- 8 i-ic to $1 «. • ¦ z ™^a. 8 S^?«S II ffif I SSS^Sa J^^
S.iw-. net.' including knife, fork, spoon, mug Medium table B ize, excellent quality, overs at $2.25, and m colored bands, Black Silk Fringes, 75c. $1.00 and £ ' ront set off ££ *«» *™toni nun- \
t nd napkin rinx. all In a pretty little box, 0 ™'?^ SS " v'e^Tonfe"^^ Wl^Sd'Sl ,0
6Sc. iney qiq not -taai iong. J.ney wont now. • — — blacks, blues and mixtures. S22.5O. /'r^^W ft
Outing Flannels, 7c Fine English Torchon Laces S^^i^^SlS /If\ iV
Nice fleecy quality-quite heavy-such as you seldom find under 8 l-.ic jc— lUOrtll $C a?ld yV 2 C. x^\n&£*L wen i & fi
In pink and blue stripes. . *1 „.„«</, pi/, ,1//^^^.^ ,-^ as na\-y blue and black. $25.00. \ • w^
QilLr onrl Wnnl ninnn^c Irtr 5^ iVOrtll O /2 C, 1 2/2 C CMld ISC. Z1BEMNE. HROADCLOTH AND CHEVinT / f$ ft Jfc*
OlIK-anCl-WOOl rlannelS 4UC "^^^.^-^^k^. '. ' - ' j/.j SUITS in black, navy blue and mixtures: Mr-&
Something tlic Scotch set up — an oxceptlonally dressy idea, bright silk J 01)11 VCIllSC ICICC IOC ZUOf'l/l lib 10 2ZC. some with blouses skirted, others with ionic "- n'flj-^ 11 ""
stripes woven ln give Just enough brightness and life to the cloth to make it . t-. ., , . , .. . . ., , , . t • . t-, tight flttin* coats and a few with straight
out of the ordinary. It will make pretty waists, and even men's shirts; 36 in. Inose are the values to make tins occasion doubly interesting, lnere are front jackets with cape over the shoulders.
wide. Instead of paying 50c, we'll ask 40c. thousands of yards of fine English cotton Torchon laces for trimminsr under- $30.00. t ,
~n<mif __ __ clothes, baby dresses, wash fabrics and underwear; way underpriced. Not a ' f , ¦» _£-bt
¥(^V^y/\^^T Jm/ ¦ I ew P attcrns ot ' undesirable ones, but hundreds of the best kinds. JJjg woman WuO /£w
e^^^^ t^m^^^^^ Neat SiXtti SC^ and 13c Torchon laces; edgings. 1 to 4 inches wide and inser- kllOWS H*J/ '¦**' <@^&F ($&j^&^P^i^ vmat^Sb
<£$/ — . _ -^f 5^ Sail FrafiClSCO i n P for Point V(!nlse lace, worth up to 25c; p.illoons, medallions, appliques and I HfiT LStlVShlD COFSStS /i&f — . - — — "^^^^
*** fiOaa&^^ »vCb«adlngs ln white, ecru and Arabian shades, % to IVi inches. There are at nm uuujtfuip muiowio jL— t.^c*^ CTfiffrf. OOOl>^^i^^ V
2^ ll^ Ky ***r*r*"*&^ f '1 leaBt GO patterna. - . ¦ --}y. ¦'¦ '¦• - •
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
££8fEk± ¦ - £~5
Our tamou3 Electric Sealskin Jacket like
/f™w/<w'3B$ cut - made in our own factory from whole.
**gig£-2e§5f perfect skins. The most dressy, stylish and
/^^3^Sle^Kiy durable garment obtainable. Regular value
S &7^~*£!j& J35.00. Special advertising offer, S1I5.OO-
&*A Fur Stoles, Scarfs and Pelerines
/JlllL Fur Boas, $4.50
aSaS8»I^^VWBS The stylish Imperials made in Drook Mink.
J8ilflGw§E^&SfcWM Sable. Opossum. Isabella Opossum and South
American Beaver, trimmed with 6 Handsoma
S^BI - Fur'stoles, $8.00, $9.00. $10.00
These popular lonff silk .lined Stoles. In
WBtiBmSmaBi choice Brook Mink, Australian Opossum and
fflgiagraaWKaMgfl American Black Marten, trimmed with passe-
WaSlARBpmlm'lKljji menterie ornaments and tails; regular $15.89
BwiPr^^BKSJfSr ''I put off selecting your Furs until th«
fjErai y eleventh hour. Our assortment ia now at its
raL\l) I *y zenith, the past week seeing many new addl-
mr ' / t»ons in Seal Coats and exclusive novelties In
Tr / Stoles. Pelerines and Muffs, in all rashlon-
able Furs. . ,
WEA^"217Crant Jlve.mLUNE8y
The Call always leads, and in of-
fering its countless readers Bry-
son's Series in Gold with The Sun-
day Call, commencing November
15, ; Is ¦ only /a •' continuation ' of the
policy that h'as made it Califor-
nia's greatest newspaper and
something more.
"AT THE ' OPERA" WILL BE
ISSUED NEXT SUNDAY. "
HALE'S.
HALE'S.
HALE'S.
HALE'S.
B-AXE'S.
HALE'S.
WeTrust the People
75 Parlor Chairs, not two naoth floor*. Do not Nothing better, ever
•»k"'ta^stry ter dL^sk en k'r!d anything in the offered. Just as pic-
velour. T Kome am^egantiy furniture line until tured « veneered shaped ;
oarved frames, some rich . seat; large, full size
plain, inlaid wood in mahog> you inspect cur Rocker, quartered and
r^u,ar n roX,; ?£n°£^» stock. We wiU wve Polished oak. Sells reg-
f T.50: while they lastOO — you money. ularly for J5.00; , for
Oorne early and get your . this <CQ AA
choice. mmhmmmJ week .. tpOiUU
EASTERN OUTFITTING CO,, s,roc#Si
We Farr.ish House* Complete. All Cars Lead to Our Store. Country Orders Solicited.LONDON, Nov. 7. — For some unex
plained reason there has been a
great Interest in What London
folk call "hooliganism." The
riotous street demonstrations on
"ilafeklng Night" and in celebration of
the close of the Boer War taught the
etream of toughs who poured out from
Whlteehapel Into the West End that the
renowned London "bobby" would not be
everywhere at once, and that with a ra
tio of twenty hooligans to one bobby
quite a bit of law-breaking might be
done In more safety than had been sup
posed.
Since then a number of solitary way
farers have been attacked and robbed
ar.d two or three have been murdered —
all of which was most disconcerting to
the independent English woman, who has
taken to going on bicycle rides into the
country by herself and to walking about
the city streets in the daytime without
the chaperone who was considered so
r.ecessary a few years ago. Lady Jeune
had her pur&e wrenched from her re
cently by a hooligan in the fashionable
Kensington district of London, and Lady
Mary Sackville was robbed of her bag
nr.d chatelaine not long ago by a rough,
¦who assaulted her and decamped. Many
other attacks of the sort have been made
on less famous folk.
PABASOL T?HE WEAPON.
In consequence of this state of affairs
it occurred to a young French woman,
the wife of the famous French swords
mar., Pierre Vigny. to undertake the in
struction of Englishwomen in the art of
»df-defense with a parasol or walking
stick, according to a system devised by
I.er gallant husband, who has devoted
years to its perfection. It may best be
described as a mixture of the various
methods of self-defense practiced In
England. France. Germany and Japan.
Many of the passes, thrusts and wards
used* in fencing are comprised in it.
S"rn« of the guards used by boxers and
t!i<* movements of the leg and foot prac-
T ; -fd by exr^r.ents of French boxing are
5ntro<3-.!e«Hi. as well as certain methods
peculiar to Grman swordsmen and pro
f«FsorF of the rapier. Numerous~tricki
by "invincibles" soon after the Phoenix
Park murders in 1S£2, has since learned
fencing.
INVINCIBLE IN THBEE MONTHS.
But fencing must not be confounded
with the method of self-defense with an
umbrella or walking stick. This system
both write and have decided leanings to
ward practical Journalism. Her Grace has
written two books. "A Lover of the Beau
tiful" and "Capricclos," while as a con
tributor to the English reviews she Is
well known. The Duchess of Leeds is a
philanthropist in her own way, which way
London Women Start Vigorous Campaign to
Stamp Out "Hooliganism."
LADIES OF THE ENGLISH ARISTOCRACY ORGANIZE FOR PROTECTION
AGAINST HOODLUMS WITH THE SIMPLE PARASOL AS THEIR WEAPON
WOMEN OF LONDON'S, ARISTOCRATIC SET AND THE METHODS BY
< WHICH. THEY; ARE DEVELOPING THE, PARASOL INTO A SIMPLE
AND EFFECTIVE WEAPON OF SELF-DEFENSE.
LONDON. Nov. 7. — According to a
true story Just told to me by a close
friend of the Duchess of Marlbor-
* • - ough, there" appears to be an enter
taining element , superstition in., her
character. Four years ago she was nego
tiating for the purchase of Kylemore
Castle, which became the property, of the-
Duke of Manchester a few weeks ago;
thanks to Papa Zimmerman's millions.
The Duchess was so J satisfied with Its
beautiful situation . and magnificent ap
pointments that money would not stop her
from possessing: it.
She was on the point of paying a de
posit and the auctioneer's fees when sha
heard that the only daughter of Mitchell
Henry, who built the mansion, was
drowned in the lake within the Immediate
sight of the drawing-room. She j sent a
special messenger to the auctioneer ask
ing him If the story was trde, and on
being informed that It was so, she In
vited him to send In his account for any
out-of-pocket expenses the negotiations
had cost him, at the same time advising
htm that she would not have the mansion
as a gift. i %L • .
The auctioneer was not pleased and he
insisted that the Duchess should carry
out the contract. The' price agreed upon
at the time was $330,000, which was $23,000
more than what the Duke of Manchester
has now paid for it. The auctioneer was
entitled to 1M per cent on the sale, and
he felt that the Duchess should pay him
an amount equivalent to that. The
Duchess retaliated by saying that if he
desired to k give publicity to the ghost
stories she had heard about Kylemore
castle, its lakes and beautiful waterfalls,
she was ready to go Into court, and she
there and then submitted the names of
Duchess Consuelo
Has Dread of
Ghosts.
her solicitors who would accept service
on her behalf. The auctioneer, a man
named J. H. North, collapsed.
Loie Fuller, whose engagement at th©
Palace Theater of Varieties. London, is
now on, is stopping at the Savoy Hotel.
London. Miss Fuller's dresses, off tt»»
stage, are. as usual, attracting attention
by. virtue of their simplicity and similar
ity. -They are all made in the old-fash
ioned short walsted fashion Miss Fuller
has so long a (Tec ted and are the work o T
the best Viennese tailors. In private
life there is no more quietly dressed
woman than Loie Fuller. She loathes
"make-up" and will not even use powder
anywhere but in the theater.
Miss Fuller, much as she enjoys her
dancing and the success she has had with
It, loves better than it or anything els»
that interesting home of hers In Paris.
Few people are aware that she is a
scientist of no small scholarship and that
in her Parisian back yard there stands
a well equipped laboratory. There Miss
Fuller performs the experiments from
which she evolves the marvels of her
dance. Those who think "La Loie" any
thing like the ephemeral creature of her
professional life are much mistaken. She
is a singularly serious-minded, rtudioua
woman. Few of her friends are theatri
cal folk. She has a sort cf salon and the
men and women who compose it are the
leading scientific and artistic lights j of
Paris. The stage element is notable for
Its absence.
Miss Fuller has another deep affection
besides that for her home. She is de
voted to her Invalid mother. Only inti
mate friends of the family have any real
understanding of the bond existing be
tween this mother and daughter. The
sacrifices of both time and money the
dancer has made for Mrs. Fuller's sake
are infinite. Once when, after a long and
tedious Journey, she had reached the Rus
sian frontier en route to fulfill an en
gagemeat in St. Petersburg, Miss Fuller
received a telegram saying her mother*
was ill and "want3 to see you." As a
result the contract was broken, thou
sands of pounds forfeited and Miss Ful
ler returned to Paris.
How Tragic Story
Stops Sale of
an Estate.
ar* borrowed from the marvelous Jap
anese system known as "Ju jit su." or
weakness against strength, against
Which ritzsimmor.s would be as helpless
8S a babe, and any delicate lady who be
comes proficient In the art can rest as
sured that she is a match for at least
or.e or two roughs so long as she retains
her presence of mind and her umbrella!
The accompanying photographs, made
tor this article, and for which Mme.
Vigr.y consented to poee. give a better
Idea of the system than any description
could.
KHJG PETEB A3 A BOXER.
Mme. Vigny and her husband have had
quite a number of distinguished pupils.
including the present King of Servla,
Peter Karageorgevltch. Vlgny says King
Peter is a splendid, all-round athlete,
and adds that, should another revolution
deprive him of the blood-stained crown
he wears. Klr.g Peter could readily earn
his living es a boxer or teacher of fenc
ing. "H« is *o clever with a waJking-
Btick,*' «ald M- Vlgny, "that I would back
him against any twelve men. armed with
sticks, swords or daggers — anything, in
fact, but firearms. If the late King had
but known the system, there would have
been a different tale to tell! He Is a
flaa fellow Is King Peter_ unassuming,
bold, frank, with eyes that pierce you
through and through — the eyes of a
Bwordsman."
A CUBE FOB STAGE FBIGHT.
Queen Elizabeth of Roumania (Carmen
Eylva) is another royalty who has been
taught fencing by Mme. Vigny. Her
Majesty learned this art because she de
clared it gave her so much confidence In
herself, especially when she was about
to lecture. Bhe has no fear whatever of
assault, but Queen Elizabeth declares, that
the eelf-poEsession which the knowledge
cf fencing has given her has proved to bo
an excellent antidote to etage fright and
nervousness from which she used to suf
fer whenever ehe lectured.
An English society lady who is famous
as a fencer is Miss Toupie Lowther, who
could probably hold her own against any
champior. of the small sword or rapier
on the continent of Europe.
Miss Baden-Powell, the sister of the
famous general, impressed by her broth
er's adage that "a emile and a stout
stick will carry one through any dif
ficulty," has become proficient in self-de
fense with a parasol and walking cane.
Lady Florence Dixie, who was attacX*d
does not take long to acquire. After three
months' tuition an average young girl
would be equal to almost any emergency.
No matter how well a rough might box,
he would have no chance to get in a blow
and he would be powerless to , protect
himself from terrible punishment in the
shape of thrusts or prods, and while v stag
gering from the effects of these, he .would
receive blows on the head and face that
would speedily dispose of him. ' Further
more, the pupils are taught how to trip
an adversary up and throw him with tho
handle of the umbrella and how to throw
him should he close, after the manner of
the Japanese. A combined knowledge of
the laws of dynamics and anatomy can
always defeat mere strength and in a
street fight where the Queensberry rules
of the ring are not observed, the skilled
pugilist would be at the mercy of the
child who understands these arts and
possesses the nerve to put them to prac
tical account.
In proof of this. Is a little affair that
M. Vlgny had on hand when he was mas
ter of arms to the Second Regiment of
Artillery, a post he occupied for three
years in the French army. He was at
tacked by eleven roughs armed with
knives and belts In the slums of Mar-
Bellies. He was only provided with a
walking stick and yet emerged from the
fray as triumphant as Cyrano de Berger
ac after his fight on the bridge. The
memory of this exfloit Is preserved in
the regimental records, so there is no
doubt as to Its authenticity.
NEEDLEWOBK AS A FAD.
The Princess of Wales, whose interest
In the Needlework Guild Is International,
and who returns to London early In Oc
tober,' particularly to get ready for the
Needlework Guild sale, will contribute
work of her own handicraft. Her royal
Highness was bequeathed this charity by
her mother, the charitable Duchess of
Teck. The Princess makes no secret or
the fact that she looks on the Needle
work Guild as her pet philanthropy, and
she reads the reports of the Guild's work
In America and other countries as care
fully as if the concern were \ a business
company on which her 'livelihood de
pended. ; ';¦' ¦
The Duchess of Leeds, who now ha3
among her guests at Jlornby Castle the
wife of the first secretary In the Ameri
can embassy, Mrs. Henry White, and her
daughter. Miss Muriel White, is distinctly
a literary Duchess. She and her daughter
perseded English and are Just now being
Installed. ¦ -..-•.
Peter McArthur, formerly of Truth and
Life In-New York, 1 now with Punch in
London, is • about to bring out his book
entitled "To Be Taken with Salt." Mr.
and Mrs. McArthur are particularly . well
known in Detroit and that district/ their
home having been . originally across the
Canadian .' border from •' Detroit. ;-.'¦..
who married into . the Beresford • family,
has recently made one radical change* In
the domestic arrangements of ,her hus
band's ancestral" place near Waterford,
Ireland. Everything suited Mrs. Beresford
except the ancient' bedsteads with ' which
the house was stocked. She stood them
as long as she could and then ; revolted."
As a result AmWican bedsteads have su
i, ) • ¦ i . ¦
Is helping Impecunious literary women.
It Is said that she will become practically
interested in an organization shortly to
be formed which has for its purpose the
securing of good living quarters for wom
en who write.
The Whites, Mrs. White and her daugh
ter particularly, go one step higher In the
scale "of English society every time they
make a visit. The Duchess of Leeds,
while wonderfully democratic la her ac
tions, is one of England's most powerful
aristocrats by birth. Her father was the
Earl of Durham, and her husband, the
tenth Duke, is cfcscended from the great
Minister of the time or Charles II.' This
was the first Duke and he waa Lord High
Treasurer of England.
Sleeves and bodice proper cut In one
piece! This is the latest development of
Franco-British dressmaking. The most
"swagger" tailor in London has produced
within the last week a marvelous gown
for the thin woman. In it there Is abso
lutely no chance of her being thin any
longer. There is no telling where her
arms begin— where her body stops. And
yet It is the most fascinating of novel cre
ations. The model gown in this unique
stylo is made of broadcloth, one of those
new terra cotta reds which are to be sf
fashionable. Heavy plaits hang from thv
shoulders, elaborately embroidered In fine
Persian braid. The sleeves enter the gar
ment in the side plaits about three inches
above the waist line. The effect is much
more interesting than it sounds. This
fashion it Is prophesied will find special
favor with the English on account ¦ of
their style of figure. It Is admirably
adapted to long, angular women and to
small ones with fiat chests.
Speaking of the color question, one
shade which is about to vie with the res
urrected terra cotta Is our old friend, ma
roon. It and other infrequent shades of
red are heralded loudly as the first defi
nite decision with regard to winter wear
for women. ;
- Mrs. Evans "and Miss Anita Evans, wife
and daughter of the United States Consul
General in London, H. Clay Evans, are
•out of London for the present, "touring
the country districts of Southern England.
Last year they spent August and Septem
ber coaching through the English Lake
region and through Scotland; Their pres
ent trip Is also partly by coach. Miss
Nell Evans, who was moloring in France
earlier In . the summer, is now keeping
house for her father in London.
The former : Miss Iselin • of New York,
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1903.The Orpheum will have a number of
new acts this afternoon with the clever
Goletnan menagerie. Village Choir Quar
tet, Cllvette. Max Waldon and the Two
Roses as hold-overs.
"Rubes and Roses" has caught on pleas
antly at Fischer's. It Is mirthful and
musical and affords good opportunities to
the Fischer firmament.
The Central Theater will revive this
week, by universal request, L. R. Stock
well's production of "Uncle Tom's Cabin,"
with Mr. Stockwell In his original role of
Marks.
"Too Much Johnson" ends a hilarious
week at the Alcazar to-night. To-morrow
evening will be revived that excellent
farce. "The Private Secretary." It will
be Its first presentation for five years
here.
Hermann the Great begins an engage
ment of one week at- the California to
night. His programme Is the usual one
of mirth and mystery, and some new and
Interesting illusions are promised.
Musical comedy, fresh, daintily dressed
and pretty, Is running at the Columbia.
The particular vintage is "The Storks,"
new here from a lonj? run in Chicago
and so /ar successful In pleasing good
houses here. v »
brews, Romans, are models of tho art.
Particularly notable are two scenes of
the drama, the famous chariot race. In
which the Illusion of sixteen horses rac
ing at full speed Is produced, and the
ballet in the Grove of Daphne. The clos
ing scene also is a marvel of mechanical
skill and scenic beauty. The story Is
simply and skillfully told and the actors
are in the main sufficient to the demands
made upon them. The play goes all of
this week and next and the business so
far has been phenomenal.
"Maurice Grau brought what may be
called the star combination system, to
perfection In thla city, and when last
season he retired from management, he
left to his successor, Heinrich Conried, a
serious problem. There were no new stars
In sight. In fact, some of those most
refulgent in the Grau seasons were rapid
ly sinking behind the western horizon. No
successor to Jean de Reszke appeared in
the East and contraltos of the first mag
nitude seemed to have deserted the vocal
firmament. At first, Mr. Conried seemed
to cherish the idea that stars might be
blotted out entirely; that It would be
sible to go forward with a simple working
stock company and good ensemble pro
ductions of opera. The wealthy gentle
men who were officiating as directors of
his company speedily convinced him that
William J. Henderson, the well-known
music critic, writing of the opera situ
ation In New York, in the Theater Maga
zine for November, says:
Operatic and Dramatic.
Alan Dale recently interviewed Rose
Coghlan at some length and in the course
of the conversation she said: "I want
you to Bee my niece, Gertrude Coghlan,
who, I am quite sure, i^ going to make
a name for herself. She is a wonderful
girl, and her Becky Sharp was a marvel.
You'll see her ono of /these days and
"But Mr. Conried, unwilling to abandon
his project of stirring the populace with
new productions, determined upon a bold
coup. Ho would lay violent hands upon
'Parsifal,' the chief prop of the falling
fortunes of Bayreuth and the largest vis
ible evidence of means of support of the
Wagner family. Not much sympathy can
be wasted on the insincere and grasping
widow of the famous master, nor her
empty and pretentious son. But almost
nothing can bo said In defense of Mr. Con
ried's action. Wagner designed 'Parsifal'
for Bayreuth. He did not mean that It
should ever become an ordinary opera of
commerce. Its BUbject "matter and meth
od unfit It for huckstering. Furthermore,
oven if there is any question of the legal
rights of the Wagners in this country,
there Is none as to their moral rights In
the work. Whether Mr. Conried succeeds
or not in defeating ' the legal operations
against 'the production, which cannot be
foreseen at the time of this writing, there
can be ho two opinions as to the ethical
nature of his operations."
society would- not let the light of its
countenance shine on such proceedings,
and Mr. Conried was finally compelled to
engage most of the forces of Mr. Grau's
concluding season. The star combination
system, then,. Is- to bo continued under a
manager who has professed to be radi
cally opposed to 'it and who has certainly
had no experience with it. Mr. Conried
has high ideas of discipline in a theater
and is apparently inclined to make his
rule as a manager autocratic. Those who
are acquainted with the characters and
customs of operatic stars will be disap
pointed if the new director does not know
more at the end of the season than he
does now.
"I meant to give this to my press man.
Never been told before," the minstrel be
gan. "It's Just the bones of the thing,
but it would make out. • • • There is
an actress named Clarice Vance, comes
to the Orpheum soon, I believe. She has
a. small dog she calls Betsy— black and
tan terrier. Betsy travels with her mis
tress In a small handbag marked *B. V."
One day on the train I met Miss Vance.
I had a handbag also marked 'B. V.' The
story, of course; is In the mixing of the
handbags. Miss Vance would get off at
Buffalo with my bag. I'd go to Chicago
with hers. Hers I would leave for two
days at the hotel. Then I'd go back
and find a telegram saying, 'Horrid
wretch, send me my dog and I'll sena
you your laundry." I'd rush to the bag,
open It and then a black and tan little
demon would look up and say, 'I hate
you!' "
And that's all. We ehook hands affec
tionately after it and I went back to a
foolish, hustling world.
BILLY VAN TELLS WHY HE GAVE UP A GOOD RAILROAD JOB TO BECOME A MINSTREL.
"And you haven't any chance of getting
f f n ADIKS and Gentlemen and
'¦ Other Krlends: "Were you ever
ti Jn a crowded street car? lira?
Bsta Yes, of cour3o. Have one
wiih mo. My car v;?.nn't full
when I pot in tho other day — nor me
cither, if you'll believe me. But It wasn't
for rec: long, and at last a beautiful girl
sailed In and got hold of a strap. Of
course I gave her my scat— I never, even
when I v.-as quite small. liKed to see a
woman vrith a strap in her haod. Then
I h!kf»d far the strap and bowed my beet.
It would have bven all right if I hadn't
bowed. B~.it the other curve got la first.
It threw me Into the lap of a fat oiii
wcinai: iicroes the aisle.
" "What are you doing, you heathen?'
she said.
" 'Mtidame.* I sternly told her. Tin not
a heathen; I'm a Laplander.* " ,
With zoologies to Billy.
Bui what's the use of trying to teil a
Van sior;- without the molasses RTirgte,
the- Izzr, osmle&t smile of thu priac* cl
minstrels behind it? Even the besi ot
Vanities must ccsf^ss to hopeless defeat
In the attempt. Half of a story is in Its
teillr.jt, as 3Jr. Van insisted — nay, ha decs
DOt "insist," lazily "suggc-sis" rather—
then as the prir:c« of end men sugsar.ted
during our chat the ether day. 1l loojus.
rhough, lUte tha whole thing where his
are concerned, when one tries to orches
trate them afreytu There arc srerian that.
like the Dux5 orchestra, go tfle:a?>Ives.
BBJj Van's are not of the Kind. Ai least
KObtSSUCt that succulent gurgle. Qai Car
frantLLdri grin, and who that had '/nurd
th«'Ei In the original Vannc-se would give
tupprrice for the lot?
It was rny privilege to wonder whether
Mr. Van wore his grin and has his
<h-jck!e alvraj? -with him as I went iO see
him the other day. Humor, I ha.i found,
vdth the professional humorist a serious
business indeed. Comedian Sieveri3
KTtmg otit thrfe <2) pale, sardaiiie smiles
during the hour be gave me: Jets Dandy
ri<Mn'! scenes was as excruciatingly
amuFins as a lo«t collar button. I esti
mated that at the same ratio Van should
have been a very morgue of mirth. Thds
speculating, I came upon him on O'Far
rcll street on my way to the appointment.
Mr. Ackcrman of the California Theater
labc!ed m* for each other, and the min
strel explalnwl that he was there to pay
his respects to Mr. Morrisey at the Or
phenm.
"I should never have known you,** I
bejian brilliantly.
"I should hope not," the minstrel re
turned, but there tvas the Van voice that
one would know anywhere. "I'm not any
too 'handsome/' he la-Jghed then, and the
rich Van rurgle. the large, cblique laugh.
broke out joyfully, "but there are limits."
It took no wiM horses to persuade me
to tho California Theater after that. Mr.
Van waa there almost on time, and for
an hour his au3ienr« of two hod the
famous end man all to itself.
While he was being p<=r?uaded into the
light by the artist I had time to take in
"^•c minstrel's "limits." His eyes, small
and brilliantly blue, are the first and last
thing one sees. Th^y shut when he
lai:ghs. focus into mere sparks of biue
when he smiles, and generaKy He under
the lids as fascinatingly sleepy as a sum
mer sea under a summer sky. A mouth
useful for his trade, sturdy co'.or—scner
o'js-ly brushed in on the generous nose,
plenty of dark brown hair sleekly clasp
ing the head, a good brow and chin, are
other things that lie under Mr. Van's
burnt cork. He is of comfortable build,
not tall nor short, and was encased in
choice checks the other day. The rnir.stivl
Is probably proud of a fine yellow dia
mond that glittered on his tie. and unde
niably proud of a pink cornelian locket
adorned with his mor.oprara. that hangs
to his watrhehain. A "fellow that he had
done a good turn to "by accident' " had
piven it to him. "and it is nice to have
little th.in£s like that romembcrr-d."
"How 1 came to be a minstrel?" he
repeated aft< r me, as he lollrd comfort
ably in his chair, "I came by the rail
rop-d — hn!"
"What do I Fay here?" I laughed,
hoping that Van would not miss the other
end man too much.
"That's all risht. though. Sure." he
smilrd. "My father was a railroad man.
It was the height of his ambition for me
to be one. I'd have been getting my $*)
a month if I had. Might have been, too,
if " Mr. Van's lazy, elliptical sen
tence is not the least marked trait of the
most unstrrnuous stage personality . I
l.nvo harr cne( 3 to come across. "They
did put me on the road. They put me
v.ith an old friend of father's. He • set
m<» to watch one night. I awakened when
the last station showed up. 'You'll never
loarn the road,' the old man said. Do I
look like a conductor?" he suddenly
chuckled.
"Net at all," I truthfully replied.
He pulled out a cipar hero, and looked
at it patiently, sikntly, almost longingly.
"Do. please." I requested, nodding to
the cifrar. "I enjoy it."
Sleepily happy, he lighted it and began:
"Parents ought to let children do what
they want. They should find out what
they're made for. We can all <3o best
what we like best to do. And then it's
best for everybody. They say 'look at
George Washington. ' As If the Lord ever
made them in pairs."
"Some of us have no particular best,
though. One trade is as good as another
to such. We follow " I threw in.
"Like eheep," Van asserted. "Three
quarters are like that. I was talking of
the rest."
"We were talking *f you." I prompted.
"Well," he picked up the cue, "I wanted
to be a minstrel (puff. puff. puff). After
my father discovered my talent wasn't
for railroading they tried me on teleg
raphy. <Puff.) I stood it because I couid
po mlnstreling at night. I went by the
name of Wood and I was far enough from
home for my father not to find out about
It. (Puff, puff, puff.) Then I got a fellow,
named Staley. in London, Cincinnati, to
give me an engagement. He put me out
of the building the first night. He did. "
(Puff, puff, puff.)
"But somehow," Van continued, "I
found -vork in a lot of little places. Then
I got in with L.- G. Field's company, the
first of the modern minstrels, and I
haven't had to po back to telegraphy."
I gave up trying to imagine the min-
Ftrcl as a telegrapher and asked: "Is
Van your real name, then?"
"I told that to the other man, too" —
puzzled the minstrel.
"Then you wiil have to tell me," I de
cided for h:m.
"One of the other papers had me re
lated to the Van Renspelaers the other
evening," he chuckled fatly before an
ewering. "Wouldn't do for them to po
thrcuph me for it. though. No. rny name's
Van Name, old Dutch. I believe. Van's
shorter." <Puff. puff, puff.j But the cigar.
ball smoked, was out. He didn't relight
It. Probably somo genius of repose like
Van furnished the inspiration of the
story of the man who was hangod be
cause he was too lazy to lift the rope
from his neck!
Somehow the talk Ehiftol then to the
F'Jbject of critics. "They j>i<-k you over,
dissect you, cut you up with very little
mercy, sometimes," the minstrel was say-
Ke did, but before, somehow, told me
of possessing a famous banjo used by the
famous Christy minstrel, Eph Horn, be
fore the war. "Great big thing it is, like
a tab. Big, thick strings and big, thick
tone. My uncle left it to me,"
And now, here is the recipe for making
a Van story. Here is how to become the
leadinp: endman of ihe class. Here is
what Van takes to double up a house In
two minutes, In its very essence.
"Nervous!" I cried delightedly.
"Didn't you notice how fast I walk on
the street," he returned unanswerably.
"Lovely!" 1 said. "And now won't you
toll me Just how you make up one of
your ownest own stories?"
"Yes, I can tell whether a show-goer
is a sport or not by his necktie," he ex
claimed. "I know by the way he combs
his hair, by what sort of a suit he wears,
by the way he sits. You can't tell any
thing to that kind of a fellow" — the man
of his bit of mimicry. "And when you
pot an audience three-quarters made up
of that kind, you can't do much. I'll tell
you what I do. There are some jokes
that a legitimate audience will accept,
and quick, and only a legitimate audl
«?nce. Our two end men that come on
before me have one of them. I figure the
audience ahead on just that one little
point. That's where I have the pull,
coming later. If they don't take that,
then I cut out of mine what I know
won't po."
"Whore do you get most of your ma
terial?"
"On the trains," the minstrel replied.
"I have so much tfme, and I've been over
the ground so often, there's nothing to
do but think things up. I listen to every
thing — notice nothing." dropping Into a
courteous paradox, "I'm nervous on the
trains — not about accidents, no. Just
tired of the tcdiousness."
He relapsed after our tributary laughs
into his former attitude, exuding ease
by. the hatful. If ever a man's "aura"
spelt "peace" It is Billy Van's."
It was a capital bit of farce-comedy.
'"About the same," Van began, then
contradicted himself, "no, he's wiser. His
mother has let him run on the streets,
and he's learned things. There are news
boys of 3 0 that know as much as a man
of 35," ho pursued. "Poor kids, they've
heard men talk and picked up every
thing and anything.- That sticks that
belongs, though."
"Then there are a few men who don't
j=?e jokes?" I ventured.
"Lots," said Billy Van; "this ilhd."
With gestures as quick as his former
movements were slow, he dropped Into
his Idea of the amateur "show-goer." He
drew his stiffened knees together, stuck
bashful fingers between them, thrust out
a wondering chin and opened his blue
eyes into very lakes of wondering stu
pidity.
'How about the boy audience?"
"They don't, bless 'em!" Van said.
"The man that caterpd to them and tho
young girl wouldn't be long in the min
strel business. But motherTs the only
thine. Mine was." ,
"Lord, yes," answered Van. "Some
towns I hate to go to. I sleep all the
afternoon to keep from looking at 'em.
Audiences, too. There are towns you get
into where they don't have much going
en, where there is what we call a 'mullet
headtd' audience — 'tisn't a tasty word,
but it means well. They don't know quite
what you're up to. don't understand tTIe
jokts, the slang. He takes Her and they
look at each other. They like it, but
they're too busy to say so— or afraid of
making a noise.^ You can't blame 'em.
They don't know that we can't give them
our best without we cet the appreciation
from them. They don't know how much
we depend on the applause. That's the
kind of audience that gives you dyspepsia
all over. It certainly do€s."
"Do you find that women usually ap
preciate minstrel fun as well as men?"
"Ah:" Van laughed. "Some do. Not the
kind we get at the matinees usually,
young girls and the mammas with the
babies. When the mother comes with
the babies she's too bothered with them
to take in the fun. If the kid wanders
ten feet up the aisle, do you think any
Joke on earth will keep her eye on the
stage? All she cares about is that chyd.
Some of them shake their babies right
at one on the stage. They think we ought
to see them. She thinks it's just the
grandest thing on earth, that child.
Well, it is," the minstrel quaintly ended.
It is not for nothing that be has that big
human voice.
"But mamsna and the baby don't make
the best port of audience?"
"There's a wonderful difference in au
diences, isn't there? And towns?" I sug
gested.
"You should have seen last night's
house; coldest I ever struck at the Cali
fornia. 'Twasn't a California house at
all. Not at all. For why?" he said.
"Election night. That's the way I figured
It. They weren't real good Californians—
probably strangers here. You bet you I
wouldn't have been in a theater last night
if I'd lived here."
"I had a song this time," he began,
after barring, - a knock on the 'Good Old
Summer Time.' Last summer I gave it
to Low Hawkins in Chicago. I like him,
and if s a good song. But I didn't dream
he'd fcrins it here before me. I found on
Sunday, jupt before the show, that Haw
kins had used it four weeks ago. It was
rr.y star pi.;ce. Oh, Hawkins wouldn't
have used it if he'd known." in reply to
the interrogation point in my eye. ¦
"You seem to have 'made good* on Sun
day, just the same," I said.
!;ack," I symr-ithized with this victim o'
u.nanlmous eritiea.1 laudation.
"No more ifcan an audience has of get
ting its money back," Mr. Van grinnerl
lightly, 'it':; mostly in the small towns
lho foo! critics b'.com— "
"Of course," I rejoined.
"Jn the little places they pull things to
pieces just to mako the people believe
they know it nil."
"It is comfortable to know the habit la
cmfined to tho smaller towns."
"It Isn't," the minstrel contradicted.
"Hut v,e kno'v.-. We kijow when we have
a bad show. Sometimes a young fellow
will say when he's roasted, 'I always did
get a Lad notice here.' But we older ones
don't talk. Wo ilnd out what's wrong and
remedy it. If you have a show and the
audience lauehs short, only half of it. or
goes out in bunches, THEY. DON'T
WANT WHAT YOIJ'VK GOT. And
you've got to give 'em something e!so.
There are the fellows that get behind
date," Van philosophized. "They rake
up old stories, twenty— thirty years old.
They tell 'em because they used to get
laughs twenty years ago. Half of the
audience won't know 'em. They laugh.
I?'Jt ii s tho other half that counts— and
the critic's in it. Then there's something
to .get from under." and the minstrel
shook slowly the head that holds so much
<Iro'l sense.
"How do you manage to get every
thing new?" I queried.
"I miike meet of mine." tho end man
replied.
"Songs, too?"
•"Songs, too."
"Did you ever study singing?"
Mere energetic, Billy Van would have
rcid "G'v.-an."' He merely smiled a sweet
Incredulity and said: "I don't slng.l'
"You" did when 1 heard you last," I
caid, recalling gratefully his warm, full
votes."
The Tivoli's double bill this week has
for chief Interest the revival of "I.a Tos
ca," one' of last year's greatest successes.
Zanini will be the Scarpia and Tina de
Spada Is cast for the title role; "II Tro
vatore," so far the success of the prewnt
season, will alternate.
If Mr. McAdla decides that it Is to T>e
wet to-day, Paul Stelndorff at the Tivoll
will give the first of his "rainy Sunday"
programmes this afternoon at 2 o'clock.
By these presents all may know what the
weather man has decided: If the concert
flags on the street cars are out at 13
o'clock the concert takes place at Golden
Gate Park as usual. If, on the contrary,
they are lowered, the following pro
gramme will be given at the Tivoll. To
cover expenses a charge of 23 cents each
will be made. The following will be th»
programme:
PART I.
"Star-SpanKled Banner" (national anthem
United States of America). Th« audlenc* Is
requested to rise and remain standing during
the rendition of this number.
"Slav March" Tschalkowsky
Overture, "N'abucco" Verdi
Melody In F Rubinstein
Cornet »olo d. C. Rosebroolc
Grand fantasle. "VTalkure" Warner
PART II.
Overture. "Poet ami Peasant" Sudd«
Soprano solo (selected) *
TT-"",:" V.«V "\i" Mrs - Gr ae« Davla'JJorthruo
Waltz, "Blue Danube" Strauss
Selection from "The Mikado" " Sullivan
"Albion" (jn-and fantasia on English. Irish
and Scotch airs) Godfrey
• • •
Paul Steindorff has the following inter
esting things to say of the new opera,
"Zaza," that will be given next week at
the Tivoli for the first time in America,
or Indeed out of Italy. Importantly th«
conductor believes the new Leoncavallo
opera destined to as large popularity as
the same composer's "I'Pagliacci," al
though such has not so far been the case
in Italy, where alone the work has been
heard up to now. For this Mr. Steindorff
imagines there is a good and sufficient
reason in the fact that "Zaza" is in much,
lighter vein than any of the modern
Italian works, hardly, therefore, what its
Italian audiences were probably In mood
for. Again, its story. ?o familiar here,
was unknown there, the unfamiliarity of
libretto Certainly also militating against
an immediate acceptance of the opera.
Here tho Tivoli leader believe'* the au
ditors will see in the work a new "La
Boheme," so far as the kind and amount
of pleasure in Its hearing goes. "It Is
very direct in its descent from the Leon
cavallo of 'I'Pagllaccl,* " says Mr. Steln
dorff. "The humorous side, the comedy
vein, foreshadowed there, the easy melo
diousness of the 'Serenade,' for example,
are all in ripe evidence in 'Zaza.' I my
self—nothing wonderful— prophesied this
development of the composer's genius.
No, it Is not a return to the older Italian
echool. 'Zaza" is quite original. But It3
comparative simplicity, the what you
might call 'catchiness' of the melodies—
for you carry them away with you on
first hearing— the more conservative har
mony, the simpler orchestration— very
pretty, by the way, all mark it off from
the more complex works of the modern,
Italian opera. That is where the work
Is to me so highly original. There la
much more natural invention shown than
in anything of Mascagnl's. to my mind.
Some delightful 'chansonettes'— absolutely
French— are sungr behind scenes In the
first act— a wonderful imitation. And it
is not that these lighter things constitute
the whole of the opera. There is nothing
more powerful in 'rPaKliacci' than tha
scenes between Zaza and her lover. They
are full of dramatic vitality, passion.
"As to the libretto. That almost com
pletely agrees with the story of the play
and has been well arranged by Ullca.
Zaza is a dramatic soprano. De Spada i3
cast for the part, and Bernard, a tenor,
naturally. Ischlerdo will, of course, have
the role. • Gregoretti has the barytone
role of Caspar, Zaza's would-be lover,
and Miss Barker is Florlana, the »ou
brette. Marchesinl singa the part of
Zaza's mother— aunt. I believe, in tho
play— and Dado la the journalist. Toto.
the child, rjuite an important little part,
will be done by a little Italian girl. It
is a speaking part only."
There Is one thing. None of the artists
in the cast have ever suns in the opera,
and it will be purely a Tivoli production
therefore.
Pluckv little Tivoli!
• • • *
• • •
The only dissenting voice— and the crltio
dissents to praise — comes from the Dally
Mail. Says the Mail: "Mr. Denis O'Sulli
van, who has the part of Sergeant Le
febvre, afterward Duke of Dantzic, is a
musician of the first order, but one !a
sorry to see him in this gallery. He Is
quite ineffective and has a wretched part.
One longs to hear him break away from,
It and treat the audience to 'Widow Ma
lone,' or some such ditty in which his
splendid humor can shine. He is quite
ineffective here."
No less gratifying than Mr. O'Sulllvan's
success Is the success of another Callfor
nlan In the role of first importance In the
piece, Holbrook Bllnn as Napoleon. Mr.
Blinn shares critical honors with Mr.
O'Sullivan in the reports of the perform
ances.
The Morning Telegraph says: "We all
remember Denis O'Sullivan in 'Shamua
O'Brien,' and America has pleasant recol
lections of him in a comic opera called
'The Highwayman.' It was therefore
very pleasing to welcome him back t»
a sphere in which he has done such good
work. His artistic singing is known to
every musical amateur, and there are few
singers to-day who can render a song
with more artistic point and finish. In
every respect he was excellent as Mare
chale Lefebvre."
knows the accomplished singer's
work. Word cornea this week from .Lon
don of the Californian's unqualified suc
cess in the new romantic light opera.
"The Duchess of Dantzie," produced by
George Edwardes at tho Lyric Theater on
October 17. The opera would appear to
be of unusual interest. It is an operatio
version of Sardou's "Sans Gene." by
Henry Hamilton and Ivan Caryll, the lat
ter well known in the musical comedy
domain. Both librettist "and composer
seem to have done excellent work, and
as a production "The Duchess of Dantzic"
is said to surpass in lavishness anything
that even the lavish George Edwardea
has produced.
In the cpera Mr. O'Sullivan has the
role of Marechale Lefebvre. the husband
of Catherine L'pscher, Madame Sana
Gene. He has received for his work the
friendliest comment from the press. The
Morning Post says:
"As Lefebre Denis O'Sullivan acted with
his usual magnetism and his singing was
Tull of power and charm. The duet with
Sans Gene, 'Do You Remember?* was
one of the most successful numbers and
waa most enthusiastically received."
The Telegraph says: "Mr. Denis O'Sul
livan both as actor and singer was of
great service in the part of Lefebvre, a
rich and welcome heartiness in the best
sense of the word marking all he did."
The Times congratulates Mr. Caryll on
having "such an admirable artist as Denis
O'Sullivan for the Interpretation of his
music."
THE success of Denis O'SullIvan in
anything that Mr. O'Sulllvan
would choose to undertake would
hardly surprise any one who
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1903.
Those interested in splendid spectacle
cannot afford to miss "Ben Hur," now
at. the Grand Opera-house, perhaps the
most lavish production ever seen here.
As a drama It falls to arouse any deep
interest, but as a series of pictures the
production Is* unexceptionable. There
are thirteen scenes, each mounted with
utmost care and splendor. The costumes
alone are worth a visit to the theater,
and the makeups— an Arab Shiek. Egyp
tians, woolly-headed Ethiopians, He-
Variety for All
Tastes at the
Local Theaters
"Mary of Magdala." In which Mrs. Flske
will be seen here this season. Is received
everywhere with all the unusual tokens
of favor that marked its original repre
sentation In New York last season at the
Manhattan Theater and again this sea
son during her engagement at that house.
This drama by Paul Heyse, the English
version of which was made by William
Winter, impresses every audience that
witnesses it as one of the most remark
able plays of this period of magnificent
stage effects.
Mrs. Frank Norrls, the widow of the
novelist, is attending Wilton Lackaye's
rehearsals of the dramatization made of
her husband's story, "The Pit." Rehear
sals have developed the fact that in Cur
tis Jadwin, the part he Is to play in "The
Pit," Mr. .Lackaye will have the strong
est character he has ever had and will do
the best work he has ever done. Mr.
Lackaye's/ company, numbering 300 people,
will include Max Freeman, Mrs. John
Flndlay, Hale Hamilton, Florence Smythe
and Jane Oaker. The first performance
is scheduled for November 9 in Hartford.
• • •
you'll recognize the Coghlan brand."
The colored baby In the Cllntes Incuba
tor is still starring. __.
WITH THE PLAYERS
AND THE MUSIC FOLKKnights of Pythias.
CHARLES OMAN, for many years
master of the exchequer of Eureka
Lodge No. 9 of the Knights of
Pythias, tendered his resignation, and
Past Chancellor George H. Broderson, one
of the most active members of the lodge,
v,-as elected to fill the vacancy. This ere-
Independent Foresters.
THE following have been appointed as
the board of San Francisco deputies
of the independent Order of For
esters: General deputy high chief rangers,
J P. Murphy, J. B. Knudson, Henry
Schroeder. J. P. Stregel, F. W. Collins
and Nellie O. Kuss; district deputies. O.
\V Kuss. J. C. Schilling, J. H. Mahan, L.
Fitzgerald," H. C. Reimers, George Dow,
B F. True, E. E. Northrup, N. L. Dono
van, A. B. Johnson, Henry Brandtjen, E.
H Howell. George Healing, F. T.
Wheeler, Lillie Petroschka and Mrs. B.
E. Murphy. The board organized by the
election of the following named officers:
J. P. Murphy, chairman; F. W. Collins,
first vice chairman: Lillie Petroschka,
second vice chairman; G, W. Kuss,
secretary; J. B. Knudson, treasurer. A
committee on ways and means was ap-
THE grand officers of the Knights of
Honor held a meeting last week
and discussed plans for work In this
jurisdiction. In a short time active work
will be commenced la the northern part
of the State.
The Past Dictators' Association held
an Interesting meeting last week. The re
ports presented show that many of tfie
members of the association are taking 1
advantage of the benefit feature recently
decided upon by this branch of the order.
The November report of the Supreme
Reporter shows that during the month of
October 130 deaths occurred In the order.
Eight of these were in California. Ninety
six of the claims were paid before the
last day of the month and the others will
be paid by November 10, and there will
be a surplus of $173,500 to meet the death
claims for November.
A new lodge has been organized by H.
H. Barnes in Prescott. Ariz. It will be in
stituted during the current monta.
Knights of Honor.
Head Consul Falkenberg la In this State
with his wife, who has come to this Stata
from Colorado for the benefit of her
health. The head consul will, while here,
visit many of the camps.
At the last meeting of the Choppers*
Friendship Club of the Woodmen of the
World there was a report from the in
crease committee, which showed what it
had been doing since the previous meet
ing. It presented about twenty applica
tions. This committeegis working to th©
end that the club shall number 1000 mem
bers within six months. The club is
making arrangements for a picnic In 1304,
and is also endeavoring to Interest tho
ladies in its work, which is both chari
table and beneficial.
WL. TEMPLE Camp of the Wood
men of the World gave its first
• "ladles at home" in Donner
Hall. Pioneer building, on the evening of
the last Wednesday in October. The hall
was crowded to Its capacity with ladles
and their escorts, who were received by
the members of the camp and delightfully
entertained for two hours with a charm
ing programme of music, song, recitations
and specialties by first-class talent. The
programme was followed by the serving
of ice cream and refreshments with a
liberal hand. The very enjoyable function
was carried out to a successful termina
tion under the supervision of J. C. Drath
man, F. C. Wehland and C. Merrian.
Woodcraft.
NATIONAL PARLOR of the Native
Sons of the Golden West has con
cluded its arrangement for its an
nual mmstre* entertainment and ball to
be given In Native Sons' Hall on No
vember 11. This will be conducted under
the supervision of F. L. McNally, chair
man of the committee of arrangements,
assisted by p. G. du Py. A. J. Falvey,
M. M. Rattigan, Fred Wehe, Ken Mathe
son and William Patterson. M. M. Ratti
gan will be the Interlocutor; Elton Lam
bert, Lou Hufschmidt, Syl NeWman, Bill
Vaughn, Guy Clayton', Joe Bourdes, end
men; Frank W. Thompson, David Man
lloyd, Fred J. Gianninl. L. A. Larsen,
soloists. The Knickerbocker Male Quar
tet will assist. There will be a good pro
gramme of dances.
Pacific Parlor is to have an anniver
sary banquet. John F. Cannon, chair
man of the committee having charge of
the affair, reported at the last held meet
ing that the "banquet" will be "a smok
er." "Witch" Hazell objected to a smok
er on the ground that a smoker ia not
a banquet and that such an affair Is "too
undignified to maintain the reputation of
the dignified parlor at an anniversary cel
ebration," and on the further ground that
tlTe smoke would Interfere with "Brother
Curley's delicate throat," thereby depriv
ing the guests of considerable amusement,
as he would not be able to entertain with
his "special specialties." President Locke
contributed $5 to the fund to meet the
expenses and the balance required was
contributed by Roche, Allen and Fraser.
"Bruder" Quast i3 to look after the "run
abouts." "Senator" Ehrard. now of Do
lores Parlor, present as a, visitor, "smiled
a smile" when he heard that the banquet
is to be a smoker,. and the statement was
made that for the last fifteen years he
had been a visitor to Pacific and that
he wore the same calm smile whenever
the banquet proposition was discussed.
During the evening "Prof" Roche while
discussing the banquet proposition spoke
of "Innocuous Iniquity," but was cut short
In his remarks until "Senator" Bailey and
Terry Martin could ascertain what he
meant by the phrase, when they reported
that he meant no harm he was allowed
to proceed, being admonished by "Judge"
Lynch of dire consequences if ho did not
confine himself to plain English.
Native Sons.
The ball given by Columbia Grove and
Columbia Circle in Washington Square
Hall last week was a pleasant and suc
cessful function that was attended by a
large number of people.
The attendance at the snowball party
given by Hesperian Circle was very large,
the capacity of Laurel Hall in Shiels*
building being too small to admit all who
wanted to dance- at the same time. John
T. Kldd was the floor manager and the
affair was under the supervision of Ida
E. Wheeler, Mrs. Dr, Leffler, Hattie
Beach, Mrs. Wolff. Mrs. Vitian and
Messrs. Downie and Eenken,
The committee that has charge of the
large class Initiation of which Rose Pe
ters is chairman, Jennie S. Clark secretary
and Druidess Mrs. Peterson chairman of
the committee on promotion, is working
hard to make the affair a success. Mrs.
Molinarl, secretary of the committee on
ritualistic work, reported that at a meet
ing of the committee at which Mrs. Ju
lius 8. Godeau presided the following
named Druldesses were chosen as the spe
cial team to confer the degree on the
class: Martin of Boadicea Circle as past
arch druidess; McCattery of Golden Gate
Circle as arch druidess; Harding of Hes
perian Circle as first bard; Molinarl of
Laurel Circle as second bard; Eccles of
Elvin Circle, inside, and Hapdasher of
Old Friends Circle as outside guardian.
The conductor and conductress will be an-
Golden Gate Circle of the Druldesses
gave a social In the banquet room 'of the
Druids' Hall last week, which was at
tended by a large number of people and
they were entertained with a pleasing
programme and a collation.
The following official visits are an
nounced by the noble grand arch: No
vember 10, to Madrone, Luis de Camoens
and Santa Cruz groves in Santa Cruz; 11,
to Watsonvllle; 12, to Salinas, and 13, to
Laurel Grove, San Francisco.
The noble grand arch, in the company
of Grand Trustee Wedemeyer and Past
Noble Arch Pearson of Garden City
Grove, paid a visit to the grove at May
field, where there was a good attendance
and the Initiation of five strangers. The
officers acquitted themselves in a credit
able manner. After the close of tho busi
ness of the evening the visitors were hos
pitably entertained.
Salinas Grove will dedicate its new tem
ple on November 12, on which occasion
the noble grand arch will pay the grove
on official visit. The membership of the
groves in the vicinity will be present and
it is expected that the event will be an
unusually Interesting and pleasing one.
DURING the last ten days Noble
Grand Arch Beck, in company of
the grand secretary, paid a visit to
the grove in Vallejo, where after Instruc
tions In the work of the order and expla
nation of the new degree work there was
a banquet in honor of the visiting of
ficials. '
The Druids.
James G. Blalne Circle has completed
arrangements for a social evening on the
night of November 13.
The committee that is arranging the
reception to be given Supreme Sub-Chief
Companion Mrs. Lizzie Atwood and Su
preme Delegate Jno. J. Cordy has de
cided upon having an address of welcome
by Past Grand Chief Companion Mrs. M.
A. Duke, an address by Pas.t Grand Chief
Companion Miss Alice Tlcoulet and one
by Past -Grand Chief Companion Miss
Agnes D. Bremer. There will be dancing
after the reception. The arrangement of
the details has been left to Past Grand
Chief Companions Mrs. Duke, Mrs. Emma
Harrington and Mrs. Helena Worms, as
sisted by Companions Jacob Label and
E. C. Stock as an advisory committee.
All the circles in the interior have been
requested to send congratulations to be
sent to the chairman of the committee,
that such may be read on the nigTit of
the reception, as it Is proposed that it
shall be a reception in which all circles
shall take part to Bhow the appreciation
of Mrs. Atwood having returned to this
State with supreme honors, and of the
supreme delegate having been appointed
State supreme deputy supreme chief com
panion. .
Grand Chief Companion Mrs. J. Krlm
mlnger of Los Angeles visited Juanita
The same night Court America and
MIzpah 'circle cave a ball In the Potrero
Opera-house. It was well attended and
proved a pleasant affair. It was carried
on under the direction of H. W. C. Bode,
R. Rassmussen, J, W. Barstow, P. Weiss,
C. Rassmussen, C. Hansen, E. Lucke,'
Mrs. Sheridan, Mrs. iiahn, Mrs. Gibson,
Mrs. Stone, Mrs. Barston, Mrs. Knobloch
and Miss E. Gibson.
The law of the order as amended at the
last session of the Supreme Court pro
vides that after the new ritual goes into
operation the lecturer will be provided
with suitable regalia. •
Past Grand "Chief Ranger Jacob Sam
uels has been appointed deputy supreme
chief ranger for the jurisdiction of Cali
fornia.
Court Robin Hood has arranged for an
entertainment and ball to be given in
Golden Gate Hall on the night of De
cember 12. Major Fred C. H«nsley, F.
A. Miller and J. Schilling have been ap
pointed a committee to arrange the de
tails for this affair.
At a recent meeting of Court Robin
Hood a committee consisting of Thomas
Osborne, A. Llnderman, J. Brebant and
Daniel Teare, grand trustee, was ap
pointed to ascertain whether it is pos
sible to find new quarters in which to
meet and to ascertain whether It is not
possible to have all courts in this city
meet under one roof.
Foresters of America.
COURT BARBAROSSA'S social In
Turn Verein Hall on the last night
in October was attended by as
many as could find place in the large
hall, which had be«n lavishly decorated.
There wan a good programme of dances
under the floor directorship of Jacob
Mahr. The affair was conducted under
the supervision of Grand Trustee Henry
Haab, Edward Nordhoff, William Lewis,
Charles Theilman, F. Zucker, J. F. "Wag
ner, Charles Scharenberg and G. Kruec
kel.
COURT APOLLO of the Ancient Or
der of Foresters entertained Its
members and friends in the social
hall of the Foresters' building last week
with a programme adapted to the Hal
loween season. A feature of the affair,
though not of the season's amusements,
was a drill by the court's drill team. It
was a pretty and pleasing diversion. After
the programme there was dancing for
those who cared to spend an hour or two
In that exercise.
Court ' Oak Grove has arranged for a
social to be ifiven in the social hall of the
A. O. F. building on the evening of No
vember 17.
H. A. Clark of Court Friar Tuck of
Seattle has been appointed special deputy
high chief ranger to visit all the courts
in the State of Washington.
Past Chief Ranger H. Mldgley of the
court In Menlo Park visited the office of
the permanent secretary last week and
spoke very encouragingly of the work in
the Interest of the order in that section.
Juvenile Court No. 2. Rose City of Santa
Rosa, gave a delightful party In its hall
last week. There were many adults pres
ent and they discovered that the young
sters have considerable ability in man
aging social functions. '
Supreme Chief Companion Mrs. M. J.
Valente and Supreme Sub-chief Mrs.
George J- Berger paid an official visit to
Cordelia Circle last week, were well re
ceived by a very enthusiastic set of com
panions and were given a fine exempli
fication of the ability of the officers to
confer the degree of the order. After the
closing of the circle there was a banquet
in honor of the visitors, when the officers
and members were complimented by the
supreme officials for their proficiency,
fraternal fellowship- and hospitality.
Bournemouth Circle will give an enter
tainment in its hall on the evening of
December 2. , -
The board of deputies of the companions
of this city gave a straw social in the
social hall of the A, O. F. building in the
last days of October. Each person that
entered the hall was presented a straw
bouquet.
The second masquerade ball given joint
ly by Court Star of the Mission and
Sherwood Club in Mission Turn Vereln
Hall on the last day of October was well
attended and was productive of much
enjoyment for all participants. There were
many in masks and there was considera
ble guessing as to the wearers until un
masking time.
Ancient Forestry.
California Rebekah Lodge No. 1 is ar
ranging for an entertainment and dance
to be given In Golden Gate Hall on tha
night of November 25.
Jubilee Rebekah Lodge on -the first
Tuesday In November tendered a recep
tion to Bay City Lodge of the subordin
ates. The visitors, who attended in large
numbers, were graciously received In a
neat speech of welcome by the very pro
presslve noble grand, Mrs. M. H. Ludlow,
who subsequently acted as the committee
of arrangements and entertainment. The
response to the welcome was by the noble
grand of the visiting lodge, after which
there Was a short programme of enter
tainment, which included a piano recital
by Jeanette Howelf; violin solo by Pro
fessor Vorbes; recitation, Victoria Lor
lng, and cake walk by Annie Weissenberg
and Perry Dobbin. Then followed a real
Oriental Rebekah Lodge is preparing a
reception to San Francisco Canton No.
5 of the Patriarchs Militant.
Walhalla Lodge on the last Saturday in
October gave a social in its lodgeroom,
which was an agreeable function. The
committee in charge presented an inter
esting programme of vaudeville numbers,
which were well received by the members
and their many friends who had been in
vited. The evening closed with dancing.
The "lobster" party given by Templar
Rebekah Lodge on the last Saturday of
October in the Odd Fellows' building was
amusing. The programme was made up
of many numbers, the features of which
were: Playing on the piano by Ruby Fin
nerty, a blind girl; vocal selections by
Mrs. Walters of Vallejo and an amusing
farce by "The Lobsters" of Vallejo. The
master of ceremonies was Henry Wal
dorf Osthoff, who on a number of occa
sions has proved himself first-class In act
ing in that capacity. Dancing followed
the programme.
Past Grand Patriarch Gummo a short
time since received from Baltimore a copy
of The Pacific, published In San Francisco,
September 29, 1S49. This contains a half
column account of the formation of the
first lodge of Odd Fellows, California No.
1. in the State of California. He presented
this rare paper to Grand Scribe Barnes,
who in turn presented It to California
Lodge. The paper settles a mooted ques
tion, in view of the fact the lodge record
is not complete, and that is ( as to who
were present at the formation of the first
lodge.
Canton No. 5 of the Patriarchs Militant
elected officers at its last meeting and
will Install them in December.
The San Francisco general relief com
rrittee paid a fraternal visit to the Oak
land committee last week, and the visit
ing brothers were extended a hearty wel
come by the president of the Oakland
committee. The response on behalf of the
San Franciscans was by President W. I.
Brobrck, and after a number of speeches
the hospitality of the visited lodge was
made evident.
during the current month: Spring
Valley Lodge. Arbuckle, November 9;
Dunnigar. Lodge, Dunnlgan, 10th; Central
Lodge, Williams. 12th; Maxwell Lodge,
Maxwell, 13th; Colusa Lodge, Colusa, 14th;
Monroe Lodge, Willows, 16th; Stony Creek
Lodge. Orland, 17th; Newvllle Lodge, New
ville, 18th; Graf ton Lodge, Blacks, 19th;
Madison Lodge, Madison, 20th, and Capay
Lodge. Capay, 21et.
GRAND MASTER C. W. BAKER of
the Independent Order of Odd Fel
lows will make official visits as fol-
The Odd Fellows.
Mrs 1 . A. Thornhill, grand secretary of
the order, fs taking great interest in the
large class initiation and will on that
evening BUrjfcrviae the floor work by the
e;i(-c!al learns.
nounced later. Plans were adopted for
carrying on the grand ball and entertain
ment to be given in "Washington Square
Hall on the evening of December 6. There
will be several new features at the clas3
Initiation In connection with the floor,
work. They will prove exceedingly in
teresting.
Circle at Kern City November 2, Modesto
Circle at Modesto on the 3d, Bonita Circle
in this city on the 4th and FerrUcIo Cir
cle, this city, on the 5th. She will visit
New Century Circle, this city. Novem
ber 9; Tamalpais at Sausalito, on the
11th; James G. Blalne Circle, this city,
on the 12th, and Floral Circle, at Elk
Grove, on the 13th.
live christening. The baby girl of Mrs.
Carrie Loring, a member, was christened
by Mrs. Addle L. Ballou, P. N. G.. assist
ed by Mrs. Petersen and Myrtle Elsinore.
The babe was placed en the altar
and as It lay there Mrs. Baliou placed
around it bunches of flowers in five colors
In the form of a star. Mrs. Ballou ex
plained the significance of the flowers,
after which she explained the meaning
of the names bestowed on the child and
told of the custom of ancient times of
christening children at public gatherings.
Mrs. Ballou and Mrs. Petersen then pre
sented the child a silver spoon. The cere
mony was followed by the serving of a
collation, after which there was dancing.
The members of MIsglon Rebekah Lodge
are at work arranging the details of tne
bazaar the lodge will give In the month
of December. Among the active workers
are Mrs. Lillian B. Holcomb, Emily M.
Knopf and Lulu Perry.
Companion Court Golden Gate received
several applications at Its last held ses
sion.
At the meeting of Companion Court
Yerba Buena last week two strangers
were Initiated and two petitions were re
ceived.
High Vice Chief Ranger G. Q. Stewart
and High Treasurer Cameron paid a visit
last week to Court Precita. There was a
large attendance of members, and much
enthusiasm was manifested. The remarks
of the visiting high officers were well re
ceived.
pointed to outline the work for the cur
rent term and to report at the next meet
ing. High Chief Ranger Wlrschlng was
present during the session and gave valu
able advice.
Court Seal Rock had an extertainment
and dance in its hall, on Deviadero street,
November 2. and all had a pleasant time.
High Treasurer Ed N. Cameron was the
master of ceremonies, and there was not
n dull moment while the programme was
on. Dancing was in order after the floor
was cleared.
SEVERAL ACTIVE WORKERS IN SOME OF THE FRATERNITIES OF SAN FRANCISCO.
Ceanotha Council of the Degree of Po
cahontas was the guest last week of
Wyoming Tribe of Grass Valley on the
occasion of a reception tendered to Great
Representatives Sims and Tyrell. whs re
cently returned from the Council of the
United States. There was a large at'.und
ance and the reception was followed by a
banquet.
Metamora Tribe has, through the efforts
of Sachem Ligournl and T. Thompson, or
ganized a new degree team, which gave
its initial adoption last week on a num
ber of palefaces in a" manner that proved
that the organizers were wise in the se
lection of members for the team.
Seminole Tribe was officially visited by
the great sachem recently and after tha
work of the evening there was a banquet
In honor of the visiting official in a down
town restaurant, at which there were
present about 200 members of the. order.
Speeches by the great sachem and prom
inent members at the head of the table
were in order after the repast.
Plataches Tribe of Fresno expects a
large class of candidates for adoption at
the time the great sachem will pay that
tribe a visit in the latter part of the cur
rent month.
GREAT SACHEM SAMUELS on No
vember 3 paid an official visit to
Comanche Tribe at Elmhurst. Ha
will make official visits as follows during
the current month: To Mancopah Tribe.
November 9; Miantonomah Tribe, 10th;
Wlllopi Tribe, 12th; Samoaet Tribe, 16th;
Montezuma Tribe. 17th; Bald Eagle Tribe,
ISth; Ouray Tribe, 19th, and Monadnock
Tribe, 20th.
Order Red Men.
has been arranged by the committee on
entertainment, of which Mrs. Jennie Stark
Lefferman is the chairman. It will con
clude with a one-act farce, "Peggy
Green," which will be produced under the
supervision of Henry G. Lefferman of
Army and Navy Parlor. N. S. G. W. This
very progressive parlor has changed Its
meeting place to Coloma Hall, in the Na
tive Sons' building, where sessions will be
held on the first and third Friday cf each
month. The parlor will, according to ad
vice received, be officially visited Novem
ber 20 by the grand president. On that
occasion, as at all meetings, the members
of the order will be welcome. During the
month of October the parlor had a splen
did programme In celebration of the flag
day of the order.
The following was the programme that
was rendered in Golden State Parlor No.
5 in celebration of the flag day of the or
der: Song, "America," the parlor; recita
tion, "Stars and Stripes," Miss Esther
Shanahan; piano solo. "Stars and
Stripes," Miss Lulu Fahrenkrug; reading.
"Raising of the First Flag In San Fran
cisco," Mrs. B. Denahy; recitation, "Star
Spangled Banner," Miss Kathiyn Shana
han; song, "Star Spangled Banner," the
parlor; reading, "The Meaning of Our
Flag," Miss Tillie Ducker; vocal solo.
Miss Agnes Stecker; recitation. "Which
Is It?" Miss Johanna Meyer; vocal solo.
Miss Emma Fahrenkrug; "Flag Charge."
Mis? Hattie Reusche; rvmarka. Miss Mil
lie Tif-tjf-n; "The Origin of Our Flag."
Miss Annie Morrison; song, "Native
Land," the parlor.
Silver Spray Lodge, D. of H., Is arrang
ing aa entertainment for the evening of
the first meeting place in December.
Carnation Lodge of the Degree of Honor
had a pleasant Halloween party In the
Shiels building on the last Friday in Octo
ber. Good attendance, a number of
games and, dancing characterized the
evening.
The Past Masters* Association of this
city will celebrate the tenth anniversary
of the organization of that body by pay
ing a fraternal visit on the night of the
first Monday in December to the Past
Masters' Association of Oakland.
The grand recorder reports that quite a
number of applications were received in
his office during the month of October;
also that during that period $60,000 was
paid to beneficiaries of members who died.
Yosemite Lodge of Fresno, jointly with
Martha Lodge of the Degree of Honor,
celebrated the thirty-fifth anniversary of
the order with appropriate ceremonies
and a dance.
Grand Master Browning paid an official
visit to the lodge at Los Gatos last week
and spoke encouragingly on the prospects
of the membership of California "stand
ing by the ship" under the new plan.
During the latter part of October
Grand Recorder Spencer paid a visit to
the lodge in San Mateo and found the
membership agreeable to the change that
la to take place next January in the man
ner of contributing to the beneficiary
fund.
ALTA Lodge No. 212, A. O. XT. W..
will entertain its members anil
friends in Mangels Hall on Tuesday
evening. There will be a programme of
musical and literary numbers and danc
ing.
A. O. U. W.
Yosemite Parlor is arranging for a min
strel show to be given at a date to be
named hereafter.
Las Tarrosas Parlor of the N. D. G.
W. will give an entertainment and dance
In Union Square Hall November 11 In aid
of Its banner fund. A variety programme
La Estrella Parlor had a pleasant Hal
loween party on the last day of October
in its hall. There was a programme ap
propriate to the time and many of the
girls walked backward and turned around
three times to see, according to an old
superstition, whether they could see the
.face of a future husband in the mirror
?that hung on the north wall of the hall.
THE social giver, by Daxina Parlor
in Oo'.dr:: Gate Hall In the latter
peri at October iii aid of its fund
for the relief of the sick was well
attended and was a success. Tho
:o of songs, instrumental music,
fancy darning and f;«ccialtios was well
received. The numbers were contributed
by Caxafle Cariyle, Mrs. Schuman, Wil
: am ! Altmi ::n, Jack Harris, little Anna
Mayer and Billy Hyr.es. The dancing that
followed was under the floor directorship
of L. Deltz, who was assisted by Kate
McGough. }"¦ M. Edwards, N. Foley. H.
McAullffe. Isabel Jentsch. Mabel Benja
min and A. McCarthy. Others who as
*ist<'d to make the affair a success were
.}:. Mark?. Lucie Hammersmith. B. Brown,
.!. Busser. E. Kelly, L. Grau. L. Heineke,
M. Moor.oy. F. Trevillian. K. Dawes, A.
ill and A. Gorichten.
LulElta Parlor of San Luis Obispo
recently pave a children's .party that
proved a do'.iphtful affair and was attend
ed by more than 200 persons.
; e ( fflcUl visit of Grand President Fln
keldey to Wir.or.a Parior at Arcata was,
according LO the local papers, a pleasant
affair. There was a.n initiation for the
»n.— ificatioa of tUe work and there
\ . • addresses by the grand president
it hers, after which the visiting offl-
J nraa ; resented a souvenir spoon. The
<::.{: of the lodge was followed by a
;fna Ventnra Parlor of Ventura cele
1 flag day by presenting a pro
gramme that included the singing of "The
Banner'"; "Flag Day." Past
Grand President Cora B. Clifford; vocal
"Our Flag- Forever," Miss Adelyn
dolof; reading, "The Banner Betsy
¦ '¦.' ." Misi Irene Williams, and "Amer
.na." Miss Mabel Jones.
Arncnsr the many who attended the darn
er party given by Orinda Parlor were
the following notable "make-ups": Colum
ia. by Nora Foley, president of the par
¦: school girl. Miss Nellie Dunn, mar
- I of the parlor; felly. Miss OsthofT;
-• girl. Mi^s Mary Foye; butterfly,
Email Gruber Foley; Aunt Jemima,
Mi.-s Margaret Mitchell; shepherdess,
Mrs Pauline I'rquhart; Stars and Stripes,
J,avir.a Dean; Spanish dame. Mips
A:.:. a Gruber. The members of Rincon
Parlor of Native Sons were in evidence
to a large extent. It was one of Qrinda's
eu « -ses in the social line.
•;:>.r.d President Finkeldey will visit
<;rinda Parlor officially on the night of
November 12.
Miss Nellie Mulcay presided at the of
ficial Visit of Grand President Finkeldey
I ro Fino Parlor in the latter part of
t •.'-her. There were many visitors pres
< •::. among the number Past Grand PresU
dents Conrad. Tillman and Keith, District
Deputy Grand President Fannie M. Ed
vards. Past Grand Treasurer Lizzie
I .oyglasE, District Deputy Anna F. Lacy
ar.d others, who are more or Its promi
nent in the order. The visiting grand pres-
Ment was received !n a manner befitting
her station, and during the evening there
v.ere addresses by the grand president
and others upon various topics. The
grand president was presented as a sou
venir of the occasion a gold berry ppoon,
ar.d District Deputy Edwards was pre
sented a silver perfume bottle. Refresh
ments followed the close of the chapter.
During the latter part of October Mrs.
I>ena Hllke Mills gave a luncheon at her
home, on Laurel street, in honor of
Grand President Stella Finkeldey. and ln
vltrd guests were Mrs. Lily O. Reichling
Dyer, founder of the order; Past Grand
President Mary E. Tillman. Miss Minnie
lli'.kie of .Toaquin Parlor of Stockton, and
Miss Ida M. Kervan of Alta Parlor.
I.H Vespero Parlor has attached a drill
corps to its many attractions and will
give* a public drill at the entertainment
tnd dance- that it is to give in South
Ban Francisco on Thanksgiving evening.
< aptain Thomas O'Day, Company O.
League of the Cross Cadets, has been
n drillmaster, and the members
are working to the end that there shall
V.< perfection in the ranks. The grand
president will pay her official visit to this
parlor on November 24.
D r . A. Florence Temple, president of
Kfiih Parlcr, has been appointed on the
naff of physicians and surgeons of the
Irvir.g Sanitarium.
All the jiarjors of the order will hold
forvicos appropriate to Thanksgiving on
tho meeting nearest that day.
I .«• following was the. programme on
. r.ay in Ursula Parlor: "History of
< ' . Flag." Mifs Marie Brescia; "Star
Bj .¦ir.^jed Banner." as a solo. Miss Chris
tina Kickertt; address to the flag. Mrs.
Olive Jones; "The Soldier's Farewell," a
r< 'Station, by Mis? E. P. Boardman, and
"Oh, Promise Me." vocal solo, Miss
Dooley Sanguinctti.
Bonlta Parlor of Redwood City, in cele
bration of Flag day, had: "A Tribute to
the Flag," Nellie V. Casey; "Fiftieth An
r.ivf isary of the Flag," Agnes L. Cole
m^n; vocal eolo. "E Pluribus Ur.um,"
Jxiuise RouRsell. and the singing of "Th«
Star Spangled Banner" by the parlor.
Montr- Robies Parlor gave its third an
nual entertainment and dance In the lat
ter part cf October. The programme, an
Interesting one, included numbers con
tributed ny Mrs. S. Bates, Reine Shea.
lUr.n Whalen, S^norita Quevedo, Julia.
T&nn*>r and a farce, in which the leading
Characters w*-re assumed by Mrs. K.
Ha!n and M. Clare.
On the occasion of the official visit of
Grand President Finkeldey to Piedmont
Parlor, November 12, twenty - five
Ftrangers will be admitted by Initiation.
On November 13 this parlor will hold its
F<»cond prize whist tournament in Lortng
Hall, Oakland.
The annual banquet of Buena Vista
Parlor of the Native Daughters of the
Golden West, which has a membership
of 215, was attended by fifty-nine, includ
ing the Invited guests, among the number
being Grand President Finkeldey.
The official visit of Grand President
Finkeldey to Buena Vista Parlor In the
latter part of October was a pleasing one,
there being present In the very tastefully
decorated hall many members of the
order. The session was a harmonious one
and there was a creat deal of praise
spoken by the visiting: official to the of
ficers, and those members of the parlor
present, for their loyalty and for the par
lor's support of the Native Daughters*
Home. As a reminder of tho occasion,
th*re wan presented to the grand presi
dent a handsome perfume bottle covered
with fancy network of silver, while to
Past Grand President Baker there were
presented fragrant flowers, and a hand
some bunch of roses was given to the
district deputy grand president.
Minerva Parlor, on ths last day of Oc
tober, went on a trolley ride to San Ma
teo and all hid a delgihtful time. On the
way down the ladies experienced a scare.
As the train wai moving toward Its des
tination in San Mateo County some one
fired a ehot from a fowling piece and the
charge of blrfishot, crashing through one
of the windows, cut away the feathers
from the top of the hat worn by one of
the excursionists.
ated a vacancy In the office of master of
the work. Past Chancellor F. O. Raabe
was elected to fill the vacancy. Both of
ficers wore Installed by Deputy Grand
Chancellor E. S. Belknap. During the
month of October thla lodge conferred the v
page rank on two strangers, and subse
quently the lodge's famous team conferred
the esr,ulre and kn!ght rank In long form
on them. Several applications were pre
sented at the l.tst hrld session In the
month, and there Is a prospect of plenty
of work for November. This, one of the
most prosperous lodges In thl3 portion of
the domain. Is noted for its fraternal feel.
Ing for visitors, and all such are always
courteously treated when they visit.
Golden City Lodge at its last held
convention conferred the knight rank In
long form on several ellgibles in a very
creditable manner.
Alameda Lodge celebrated the twenty
fifth anniversary of its institution last
week.
Sequoia Lodge will tender a reception to
Past Grand Chancellor C. L. Patton No
vember 14. .
It 13 expected that the now lodge re
cently organized at Paso Robles will be
Instituted about the latter part of the cur
rent month.
A new company of the uniform rank
will be mustered in at San Leandro dur
ing the month of December by Brigadier
General McGlashan.
THE SAN FBAKC1SCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1903.
ECHOES FROM THE LODGE ROOMThe pink and white color scheme at the
Downey-Cluff wedding last week was
very happily carried out In the gowns of
the bridal party, the color worn by the
little ribbon bearers, rose pink, was grad
uated into paler shades In the gowns of
the bridesmaids, two wearing light pink,
two a more delicate shell pink; then the
A very popular bridesmaid Is Miss Maye
Colburn, who has been honored on sev
eral occasions by brides. 1 think she was
bridesmaid at one of the important wed
dings of Paris while there, and at a sim
ilar event at Honolulu.
• • •
should always remain a bachelor girl.
She prefers not to miss any of the zest
of assisting in the bride's preparations
and probably hopes there will be a fourth
time.
But it* Is wror-c to think that these
vain glories alone account for the society
girl's eagerness to be a bridesmaid, for
there are other important duties which.
In her official capacity, she is only too
tarry to perform for the dear bride-to
be. Of course, there Is no end of delight
In the btuy preparations. The bride's
heme is a rendezvous for her attendants,
who enjoy the most enthusiastic discus
elons. Each In turn assures the bride
that she Is marrying the finest man in
"day. With the first strains of
the weddlnc march guests crane their
necks for the first glimpse of the fluffy
apparitions who attend the bride. In fact,
were Solomon to present himself at this
moment he would not have a ghost of
a chance to be noticed, for all are watch-
Ing with breathless Interest each step of
the bridesmaids walking up the aisle with
a dramatic stride meant to be particu
larly impressive. The last of them, the
maid of honor, is devoured in one eager
glance, for the bride is coming next.
CERTAIN it is that Solomon In
all his glory was not arrayed
like the bridesmaids at a fash
ionable wedding of the present
When finally distributed at respectful
distances along the aisle of a dimly light
ed church each bridesmaid dons an ultra
serious facial expression, and in her at
tempt to rise to the'occaslon lades only
the reddest of hair to suggest the last
act of "Zaza." The formidable processiqn
moves forward, each one striving to avoid
walking up the back of an imaginary
court train, when some one giggles, and
all go back and try again. After several
disastrous attempts some one -invariably
tries to think of funerals by way of get
ting serious, but this never works, for at
some time or other she has laughed at a
funeral, even though it may have been
from sheer, nervousness. The sexton is
almost certain to turn out the lights at an
Inopportune moment If he tries to turn on
more. Then there is a sensation, and
every one thinks it is terribly funny. In
fact, everything seems funny at wedding
rehearsals, and laughing is so infectious
that there is very little else done.
Then there is the bride's farewell din
ner to her attendants, whicn must b»
every bit as jolly as the groom's last
bachelor dinner. On this occasion the
do not actually deserve anything more
than their pleasure for their pains.
PRETTY BRIDESMAIDS WHO
HELP TO BRIGHTEN THE SO
, CIAL SEASON.
LONDON, Nov. 7.— Statistics recently
published Indicate that the Japanese are
growing taller. The measurements of re
cruits show that the number from 5 feet *
Inches upward has Increased 2 per cent in
the last ten years, while the number from
5 feet to 5 feet 4 haa decreased C per cent.
Japanese Gro-roing Taller.
AT the first meeting in November of
San Francisco Chapter of the Order
of the Eastern Star the following
named were elected as officers for the en
suing ttrm: Mrs. Bertha E. Mackretf.
matron; John J. Neubarth, patron; Laura
Lowrie, associate matron; Annie Christine
Sorenson, conductress; Annie Cattemole,
associate conductress; Josephine 'Wat
worth, secretary (re-e!ected>; Cam Mi
chaelson. treasurer.
Eastern Star.
Knights and Ladies.
THE date for the next class initiation,
by the local lodges of the Knights
and Ladies of Honor has been fixed
for the evening of .December 17 All of
the lodges and one in Oakland will have
candidates at that time. These are being
obligated as fast as secured, and on the
date named they will- receive the secret
work of the order.
There was a pleasant surprise In the
hall of -Bay City Lodge on the evening
of the last meeting in October. Mrs.
Emma Quitzow, wife of the grand secre
tary, who holds the office of State organ
izer, succeeded In. getting her daughter
in-law, the wife of Henry Quitzow Jr., to
become a candidate, and that without the
knowledge of her son. He, however, was
induced to vielt the lodge that night, and
great was hU surprise when he discovered
bis wife enter with two other candidates
for the purpose of being obligated. This
was in tho presence of a lar*& number
of members and visitors, Including Grand
There was little short of a sensation in
the California Club last Tuesday, when
a forbidden theme was discussed in a
lecture given by Miss Gall Laughlln of
• • »
Miss Anna Sperry of Sausalito has been
going out a little Informally, but will not
make her bow this season, as she is soon
to co East. -
¦ Miss Helen Bowie will make her debut
on tha 18th of the present month at a
reception to be given by her aunt, Mrs.
Bowie Detrick. ; ¦ w
Buds are rapidly beginning to come into
social expression. Miss de Guigne
will be brought out by. Mrs. Abble Par
rott on Wednesday next. The Parrotts
have been in mourning for *fome "time
and because of this society has been de
prived of the presence of both the' Misses
de Guigne. . . ,.' .
man Thompson (formerly Miss Hallle
Pomeroy), came out from New York spe
cially to give the coming out tea. Miss
Lucy Gwin Coleman was also presented
at the same time several days ago.
DURING the last review of Golden
West Tent of the Knights of the
Maccabees eight strangers were ini
tiated by the champion team of the tent,
and several applications were received.
The ball given by Division No. 13 of the
Uniform Rank, composed of members of
Golden West Tent, in the armory at 23
Golden Gate avenue during the latter part
of October was well attended and proved
to be a most delightful affair. The at
tendance was large, the music was sucn
as nerved the dancers on and the commit
tee, of which Captain Seeley was the.
head, did all that could be done to mako
all feel at home.
The Maccabees.
Order of Pendo.
SUPREME COUNCILOR TUGWELL.
of the Order of Pendo has returned
from a tour of visitations in the
southern part of tho State. While there
he visited ten councils located In the dis
trict between Los Angeles and San Diego.
He reports the membership enthusiastic
in the work of the order.
E. White, formerly an organizer for
other fraternal organizations, has been
appointed a general organizer for Pcndo.
with headquarters in this city.
Volunteer Council had several candi
dates to initiate at its last held meeting.
Golden Gate Council also Initiated sev
eral candidates at its last session.
The council in Stockton in a short time
increased Its membership from twenty to
100.
A new council will soon be instituted in
Lodl.
days during the winter.
• • •
The Henry Van Wyck3 have moved into
their house on Stelner street.
brldesmalds all receive their souvenirs
from the .bride— fans, jewelry or some
thing pretty to wear at the wedding. Tbe
ushers and best man, of course, find their
gifts with their boutonniere at the stag
dinner.
Sitting at the bride's table during the
wedding festivities and being with her
until the last moment are privileges worth
mentioning, but the grand scramble to
catch the bride's bouquet and therefore
be the next fearfully and wonderfully In
teresting bride brings to light some de
cidedly athletic tendencies.
The bouquet catchers nearly always
marry one of the ushers. Strange, ian't
it? But perhaps the wedding, the lights,
the music and the sentiment affect all
of "those present" more or less.
There are practical Jokes to be perpe
trated with the departure and the brida
and groom are in luck if they drive away
without a bolt of white cloth trailing from
the carriage, carefully unrolled with the
speeding of the horses.
When Bishop Partridge rode away with
his bride an Immense bunch of chrysan
themums tied on the back of the carriage
heralded his Important step to passers by.
The scraping of the stems along the street
finally called his . attention to the trick
and the reverend groom climbed out and
untied the flowers.
At a recent Pittsburg wedding a sign
"They're Married" was carefully painted
and flashed at the railway station by
some 'kind friend.'
Rice Is dispensed with a iavish hand
and many a couple that do not open their
umbrella until they reach Washington
receive an after blessing. ¦
When white ribbons are • tied on the
trunks this gentle (?) consideration. serves
to prepare the first hotel for their coming
and the guests whom they meet en every
hand renew the festivities.
We are willing to observe many signs
and superstitions about weddings, but I
do not know any one who refuses to be
a bridesmaid the third time lest she
Miss Christine Pomeroy is one -of the
roost attractive debutantes yet to be
launched on 'this year's social wave.
As the Carter Pllkln Pomeroys are in
mourning and therefore not entertaining
Miss Pomeroy's aunt, Mrs. William Gil-
Miss de Laveaga's wedding, which is
near at hand, will be a large church, af
fair and she would be a beautiful bride,
even without the artistic setting which
wealth and good. taste will give her. She
is wearing some beautiful gowns about
town and I have heard that fifteen have
already been completed for the trousseau.
The Ayres family are coming up from
the country in the near future to. take a
house in town for the winter. Miss Car
oline Ayres' marriage to Dennis Searles'
will take place here in January. It is tho
wish of the bride to have the affair an
unostentatious one and she will probably
have but one attendant, her sister. Miss
May Ayres, as she has selected no one
else up to the present time.
• • I
Preparations are being busily made at
the Carolan house at 1714 California street
for the wedding of Miss Genevieve Caro
lan and Henry Williams Poett, who are
to be married on the 17th of this month
at high noon. The bride will be attended
by her sister, Miss Amity Carolan, and
William D. Page will be best man.
• • •
Miss Mabel duff and her sister, Miss
California, a coming debutante, rivaled
the bride In popularity at the wedding
festivities, i
maid of honor In pink and white and fin
ally the bride In pure white. After hav
ing seen bo many times four and six
bridesmaids attired exactly alike, this de
parture afforded more variety and was
gratefully welcomed.
Pink— suggesting rosy visions of the fu
ture—always seems eminently suitable for
weddings.
the world end that there ' are no more
tike him. All listen to the latest won
tferful qualities which the brida has die
•covexed In her fiance and listen to the
reading of some of his letters. (It Is not
necessary, I trust, to give extracts from
any of those tender missives.)
Ttiere are cozy little afternoon teas at
Which tlie presents are prettily displayed.
The trousseau, cf course. Is a thing of
beauty. Levins hands arrange and re
arrange the presents on different tables
and sometimes stuff the bodices and
waists cf the towns with tissue paper
that they may sit up arid look pleasant—
at least appear to beet advantage.
When the brideAialds have settled upon
the color of their gowns and ordered them
«rd have decided the grave question as
to whether It would be more becoming
to wear picture hats or carry wands,
they can give themselves the pleasure of
trying on the bride's trousseau as each
new box comes home. If she is particu
larly good natured and Is going to live
cut of town they can copy some of her
hats.
When the presents are "numerous and
costly" — as one usually reads In the news
papers — all cards of givers ore entered on
a book and numbered, with a correspond
ing number pasted on the gift, to prevent
the bride from thanking one friend for a
cut glass punch bowl when che sent a be
rlbboned corset cover.
When there Is nothing else to do the
bridesmaids can have no end of fun prac
ticing the stage stride to slow music, or,
to Le more exact, the impressive church
eisle gait, which must be specially ac
quired for the occasion.
As the wedding day draws near the
Iride appoints a time for a re
hearsal, and precedes or ends the
affair with a little dinner or sup
per for the bridal party to reward them
Jor the ordeal of practicing. There are
very few things funnier than a wedding
rehearsal, however, and the participants
• • •
Madame Nordica's turquoise-blue co«-
One cannot realize to look at Mrs. Sel
den S. Wright that she has become a
grandmother the twenty-second time. She
is prominently identified with club work
and has b$en for some time the past pres
ident of the California division of the
Daughters of the "Confederacy. Mrs.
Wright has great mental force and pre
sides at club meetings with grace, dignity
end tact. She does not look a day over
60. yet the little son of Mr. and Mrs.
Brook Wright is her twenty-second grand,
child. Mrs. Alfred H. Voorhies has ac
companied Mrs. Wright on her present
trip to the East, and both will attend the
national convention of the Daughters of
the Confederacy at Charleston, S. C.
After tho convention Mrs. Voorhles •will
visit her married daughter, Mrs. Guy
Scott, before returning home.
• • •
Mrs. W. W. Felton sailed yesterday for
Mazatlan, Mexico, after spending some
weeki at the. home of her daughter, Mrs.
L. H. Bryan. Mrs. Bryan, has returned
from a visit to Denver, Chicago, St. Louis,
Pittsburg and New York, leaving her
children under the care of her mother
during her absence. Early in January
Mrs. Bryan will give a house party at her
mother's home in Mexico," taking with her
eight or nine friends from San Francisco
and the East.
Miss Elsie Tallant will make her formal
debut at a tea to be given by her aunt,
Mrs. Fred Tallant. at their home, Buchan
an and Washington streets, on November
2L Many friends of this charming young
woman were disappointed because she did
not come out last year, and she Is certain
to be warmly received in society.
• • •
George Law Smith had not been in Sac
ramento. Others congratulated the lec
turer upon her success.
tute a naw lodge In West Oakland thla
week, and in a short time to institute cr.«
In Oakland proper.
During the last three weeks oi Octo
ber San Francisco Lodge Initiated twen
ty-one candidates.
Western Addition Lodge has removed
from Franklin Hall to Hamilton Square
Hall, corner of Geary and Steiner streets.
Francis L. O'Rlley. president cf Colum
bia Lodge, was married a few days Ago
to Miss Caroline Kldd of the same lodg»1
by the Rev. Father Ryan at St. Vincent
de Paul Church-
Fraternal Brotherhood.
GENERAL Organizer H. C. Lewis of
the Fraternal Brotherhood Insti
tuted E.ist Oakland Lodge last
week In Cameron Hall, East Oakland.
There were twenty-eight names to the
Hall, East Oakland. There were twenty-
San Mateo Lodge at its last held meet-
Ing initiated eleven candidates and Red
wood City Lodge Seven.
The general organizer expects to lnsti-
New York, who not only mentioned the
word' "suffrage" but urged it upon her
fair hearers.
During the years of Mrs. Lovell White's
presidency the suffrage question was vig
orously let alone and it was unanimously
said that the club members did not mean
to fight for their rights, as they were
certain to receive the consideration duo
them, but they were anxious not to over
come the men but to help them In prac
tical work. Imagine, then, the flutter
among the women present, who admired
the woman orator and lawyer, but did
not seem to realize that she was "stump
ing" the State on "suffrage" and would
certainly give them a lecture along those
lines if invited to lecture. Some said it
never would have been delivered if Mrs.
White had been president. Others said
it never would have happened if Mrs.
Mrs. Marvin Higgins of 1S0S "Washington
street has sent out cards for first Wednes-
Miss Catherine Plover Is in New York
with her mother, but will return home In
another month.
Mr. and Mrs. J. T. Harmes and Miss
Belle Harmes have closed their home ia
Sausalito and taken apartments at the
California Hotel for the winter.
• • •
tume was so superb that she Is being ad
niired and discussed as much for her taste
as for her gift of song. The gown was of
turquoise blue satin, elaborately trimmed
with turquoises. The skirt was embroid
ered with a flight of birds In pearl, and
the decollete bodice was edged In Jewels,
while strings of them were festooned
about the shoulders. Filmy angel sleeves
fell to the bottom of the skirt. A tur
quoise tiara ten inches high was worn In
the hair. Nordlca is an honor Ameri
can women, and with her magnetic per
sonality, perfect .figure, pretty face and
rare smile she is a distraction to many
men.
Protector L. G. Wolfe, Past Grand Pro
tector Z. T. Whitten. Past Grand Pro
tector Doris J. Kaplan, Grand Secretary
Quitzow, Annie Thompson, protector of
Aurora Lodge, and Mrs. M. Luton of the
same lodge. The junior Quitzow was
somewhat nonplused when called upon
to greet his wife as his sister, but be
came reconciled when he understood that
she, under the new condition, was a fra
ternal sister, yet still his wife. The cere
mony of obligation and giving of the se
cret work was by the grand secretary,
acting for M. Sorenson, . the protector.
After the clcse of the business a collation
was served in the banquet hall, where
ail had a good time, but regretted tho
absence of the State organizer, who had
to look after the welfare of the youngest
Quitzow while the mother was bclns ini
tiated.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1903.
THE BRIDESMAID IN HER VARIETY