DESPAIRING MEN END LIVES
FROM WHICH HOPE HAS FLED
M. GERKE. "WHO LEAPED TO '
DEATH OVER CLIFF, AND MAN
WHO SHOT HIMSELF.
throw off their dead weight when it
makes up Its mind to do so. Its right to
dominacy will be restored as soon as It
does. There can be no doubt of the re
sult of any campaign in which the party
explicitly and without equivocation com
mits Itself to the reforms for which the
city has four times voted In ten years."
Nixon would say nothing more about
his candidacy.
nomination for Mayor. This statement is
made with a full knowledge of the uncer
tainties of the Democratic situation, j I
desire to make it clear that I am willing
to make a stand with those Democrats,
however small their number, who believe
that the Democratic party of this city
should lead- and not follow In the' forward
march of municipal reform."
..Speaking of the. municipal campaign
Mr.' Nixon says:
"The battle will be won or lost on local
issues that are old enough to have gained
a permanent hold on the public mind.
These issues are police *blackmail* and
that mercenary spirit which breeds dis
honestly In the public service. To them
may be charged all the party's recent loss
of local prestige. The Democracy has not
been beaten on these issues by Republican
votes alone by any means. It has been
beaten chiefly by Democratic votes.
"The Democratic party of the city has
all the Issues in its favor except these
two. It is easily within its power to
RIVALS FOR THE DEMOCRATIC
MAYORALTY NOMINATION IN
NEW YORK.
WIFE AFRAH> OF HIM.
Chambers called to see his wife on sev
eral occasions. He was usually Intoxi
cated. His wife feared him and tried to
shun him. Yesterday evening 1 shortly be
fore 7 o'clock Chambers rang the bell at
Mrs. Payne's residence, but receiving no
response he turned the knob of the door
and walked into the hallway.
No one in the house saw him enter, and
a few seconds later the occupants were
startled by the report of a pistol. Mrs.
Payne and Mrs. Chambers rushed down
stairs, and at the end of a short hallway
they saw Chambers lying at full length,
his lifeblood fast ebbing from an ugly
wound In -the roof of his mouth and a 3S
callber pistol tightly clutched in his right
hand.
Signs of life were still visible, so tha
patrol wagon at the Harbor Police station
was hastily summoned. The dying man
was removed to the Harbor Emergency
Hospital, but he passed away ere the
wagon reached Its destination.
Chambers left a farewell message for
his wife, rudely penciled in a' notebook.
The missive was full of passionate plead
ings for forgiveness and expressed re
morse for a misspent life and an unhappy
marriage. It ran:
"Darling, try to forget what I have
done. I will meet you in heaven. Do not
think of me any more, but remember that
I died loving you. Try to forget the past
and the Iive3 you have ruined. Give my
love to mother and the folks, and remem
'ber that I loved you more than life lt-
WAS POSSESSED OF MEANS.
Chambers was apparently a man of
means at one time and of late he had
been existing chiefly on remittances
from his father in England. He left the
old country about a year ago, having lost
his fortune there. He came to this State
about three months ago and was engaged
in some kind of a fruit enterprise in
"Wheatland. He was last seen at the Win
chester Hotel at 1 o'clock on Sunday
morning, when he came looking for C. K.
Thorp of Sausallto. He failed to find
Thorp at the time and left the hotel with
out going near his room.
Among the dead man's effects wero Iet-
his career of adversity by
sending a bullet through his brain in a
hallway at 413 Harrison street shortly be
fore 7 o'clock last night. Chambers wan
in an Intoxicated condition when he com
mitted the rash deed and had gone to the
place in search of his wife, who fled from
him a few days ago, fearing for her own
safety.
Chambers and hi3 wife arrived in thl3
city about ten day3 ago from "Wheatland.
Yolo County. "While residing in the latter
town he was wont to maltreat his spouse,
and had threatened her life on several oc
casions, so the story gees. The woman
became acquainted with Mrs. Payne of 413
Harrison street, this city, who was visit
ing in Wheatland, and confided her trou
bles to the latter.
Mrs. Payne took an Interest in her,
newly.made friend's welfare and Invited
her to stop at her home when she ar
rived in this city if her husband abused
her any more. Mrs. Payne heard nothing
more from Mrs. Chambers till a few days
ago, when the latter called at the home
of the former and asked for shelter.
1ST *W y >ILLJAM CHAMBERS, a
B| JB / young Englishman, weary
1/1/ ot tiie * rowns of naisfor-
Sir Hr tune and stung by re
» » morse and jealousy, ended
Remorse Drives an
Englishman to
Suicide.
Continued on Page 3, Column, 1,
to search for the ton of dynamite stolen
from a local warehouse a week ago. Ow
ing to Its dangerous nature It is not be
lieved the thieves carried it a great dis
tance and that this is proving their source
of supply for the various outrages against
the railroad's property admits of no doubt.
LA CROSSE. Wis., Sept. 27.— In tho
German Lutheran Church- at the begin
ning of services to-day Herman Rossow
shot his wife and himself in the presence
of hundreds of witnesses. Mrs. Rossow will
die. Rossow, though dangerously wound
ed, may recover.
Rossow*who had been separated from
his wife, lay in wait for her opposite'the
church and shot her three times as she
was entering the structure with her
mother.
and Afterward Turns Revolver
on Himself.
Wisconsin Citizen Attempts Murder
SHOOTS WIFE AS SHE
IS ENTERING A CHURCH
Count and Marquis Meet in Duel.
PARIS, Sept. 27.— A duel with swords
has been fought in the grounds of a
country club near Biarritz between Count
Arcos of: Clavijo and 'the Marquis of
Arguida. The latter was thrice wounded
in the wrist and forearm.
. • - \u25a0 i. \u25a0 \u25a0
HELENA, Mont., Sept. 27.— There was
a startling development in the $50,000
Northern Pacific dynamite plot to-day, in
that it became known that Thomas Tra
vis, chief of police of this city, has re
ceived an ultimatum from the conspira
tors ordering the immediate release of two
men who are confined in the City Jail on
the charge of having attempted to dyna
mite the Northern Pacific bridge at Liv
ingston a few days after the first, or
$25,000 ultimatum, was delivered to the
railroad company. The city officials have
a strong case connecting these men with
the crime, although the evidence is prin
cipally circumstantial.
The notice received by the Helena police
is to the effect that if the men are not re
leased by Monday noon the Jail will be
blown up with dynamite. This letter Is
believed to have the same origin as those
sent to the Northern Pacific demanding
$50,000. All of the letters sent to the rail
road company were mailed at either Hel
ena or Butte and the one received by
Chief Travis is postmarked at Helena.
It was learned to-day that the Northern
Pacific was given until October 4 next to
comply with, the demands of the conspir
ators. It is learned also that as a means
of knowing that their terms had been ac
cepted the railroad was to place white
flags on all engines for at least twenty
four hours prior to the delivery of the
money at a point west of Garrison. .\u25a0
The company, in Its attempt to capture
the dynamiters, blundered in not posting
the flags on west bound trains, as di
rected, and then sending out an armed
posse on another engine closely pursuing
it- As It was the conspirators, not seeing
the white flags, did not meet the first
light engine.
Another gang of men left here- to-day
EDecial Dispatch to The Call.
Dr. Charles Behm declares that "the
city abounds in fleas" and that, the situa
tion is becoming so serious that the.de
partment Is carrying on experiments in
the city laboratory to secure an efficient
disinfectant. The persons makinjr com
plaints have been badly affected and
many residents, after appealing to "their
family physicians in vain, have asked the
Health Department officials to recommend
a cure. Several cases have been reported
where patients have been unable to get
rid of the pests for several weeks and In
the meantime suffered much annoyance
and some pain.
CHICAGO, Sept. 27.— A plague of fleas
is Infesting this city and the Health De
partment officials are unauie to cope ef
fectively with the insects. Hundreds of
complaints have been made at the City
Hall and the number Is increasing/every
day.
Health Department Is Experimenting
With a View to Insect's Ex
termination.
FESTIVE FLEA INFESTS
THE CITY OF CHICAGO
DYNAMITERS
THREATEN TO
WRECK JAIL
CRIPPLED, almost penniless
and fearing to be dependent
on his friends, Henry James
Masson, a stenographer, aged
about 27 years, put a bullet
through his brain about 5
o'clock yesterday afternoon in Golden
Gate Park, and died two hours later at
the Park Emergency Hospital without re
gaining consciousness.
Masson selected for the tragedy a grassy
knoll somewhat covered with brush be
hind the- handball courts, near the south
drive. He had made all preparations for
his final act. He had purchased a cheap
revolver, disposed of all his earthly be
longings and written a letter expressing
his final wishes. The shot which ended
his life was heard by Policemen Manuel
de la Guerra and John O'Shea, who
rushed to the spot whence the sound pro
ceeded and .found the unfortunate young
man gasping 1 in his death agonies. They
summoned the ambulance and had him
conveyed to the Park Emergency Hos
pital, where his recovery was pronounced
impossible.
LEAVES A LETTER.
In one of the pockets of his coat was
found tn$ following letter, dated yester
day:
To whom it may concern: This is to cer
tify that I am Harry James Masson. In the
event^ of my death I desire that I be cre
mated and that ray remains be disposed of
without any religious ceremony of any kind
and that I wish my friend, Charles Eetz of
720 California street, to have absolute con
trol of everything concerning the handling
of my body and also to have absolute pos
session of all my belongings contained in my
trunk.
TIRED OF STRUGGLING.
Besides the letter, the clothing contained
5 cents In money, a Young Men's Chris
tian Association card, a chtjap chain with
out a watch and some other trinkets of
no value. On the lapel of his coat was
the photograph of a young woman, whose
identity could not be learned. \u25a0
Charles Betz, to whom the suicide con
fided the care of his body and his belong
ings, was first Informed of the tragedy
by a Call reporter, and seemed deeply
shocked at the news. He said it was not
altogether unexpected, as Masson had
frequently, threatened to take his own life.
Masson, Betz said, was a sufferer from
hip disease, and had to wear apparatus
to enable him to walk. Up to two weeks
ago he had been employed as a stenogra
pher in the Callaghan building, but he did
not know by whom. Two weeks ago Mas
son told him he had given up his position
and said he was tired of struggling with
the world.
Yesterday afternoon Betz met Masson
at the Park and took him for a boat ride.
He left him at 4 o'clock and returned to
the city. At that time he claims that
Masson said nothing about killing him
self. Bctz said he would carry out the
wishes of his dead friend and see that
his body was cremated, as had been re
quested.
It was said that Masson was deeply In
love with the girl whose photograph was
found on him after the shooting. He made
no secret of his infatuation, but never, as
far as could be learned, told who the girl
In the meantime two brave men had
stripped and plunged into the sea. F. J.
Healy of 33S0 Twenty-third street and J.
S. Tait of S14B Larkin street risked their
lives in the hope of 'rescuing the unfor
tunate suicide. They clutched the body
and held it near the shore until the life
savers arrived and took it In charge.
About six months ago Gerke made a trip
to Germany, expecting to receive $4000
which had been left from a sister's es
tate. According to Herman Harms, a
liquor dealer at 100 Geary street, who
identified > the" body, there was some dis
pute over the money, and the brewery
man returned to this city penniless. He
resided at 405 Geary street and has been
in the habit of -paying the landlady his
rent from day to day. Yesterday he had
no money and promised to pay to-day.
Then it was that he must have been
seized with, a fit of despondency and
planned his death. ;
The body is at the Morgue and friends
will take charge of it to-day.
Gerke left several notes written in Ger
man, which could scarcely be deciphered.
The import of them was that he died in
distress and that friends would under
stand the reason of his act."
Police Officer Donovan was aboard a
California street steam train when the
suicide occurred. He was informed of the
occurrence, and the locomotive was un
coupled from the train and returned to
Lands End. When the policeman arrived
the body was rolling about in the surf
and life was extinct. A message was Im
mediately sent to the life-saving station.
The life-savers responded, and in view of
hundreds of people launched their boat
It required but a short time to reach the
scene of the tragedy. Then a rope was
attached to the body and it was held se
cure until the arrival of Deputy Coroners
Charles Meehan, Tom Davis and James
Murphy. (
Shortly before 3 o'clock many people
assembled in the vicinity of 'Land's End
witnessed Gerke mount the rock from
which he plunged to death. His act of
self-destruction was . premeditated, and
when on the summit " he loaded ;; his
pockets with rocks and tossed himself
downward in the direction of the break
ers. From crag to crag he pitched until
ho reached the briny sea and his lifeless
form was carried on the waves and
thrown against the rocks.
montory at Land's End, and
jumped, toward the sea and was battered
to death before he reached the seething
ocean. Later his body was picked up by
the Golden Gate life-saving crew. De
spondency was the cause of the desperate
act. Disappointment in securing position
and money he expected from an estate
worked on his mind until he considered
life not worth the living and ended what
he deemed a miserable existence in the
waters of the gate.
•ga. JBT A T T H E W GEBKE,
/H /S a brewery worker, fur
/ H/ 0 nlshed the tra Eic suicide of
/ w B yestercla y- Standing on the
JL V JbL. topmost rock of the pro-
MALONE, . N. Y., , Sept. 27.—Arrange
ments were made on the New York and
Ottawa Railroad for a special train to
night to take the members of "William
Rockefeller's family and their visitors
from Bay Pond in the Adirondacks to
New York City.
Neither Rockefeller nor his son, "William
G. Rockefeller was a . passenger on the
Adirondack Express that left New York
last evening. Loungers in the station at
Paul Smith's were disappointed this morn
ing when the millionaire failed to alight
there. It had been assumed that Rocke
feller would come to pass Sunday on the
vast preserves in which he has taken so
deep an interest. There are no regular
trains on Sunday on the Ottawa road
which connects with the New York Cen
tral at Tupper Lake Junction.
Last Sunday Rockefeller went up on the
Adirondack express to Paul Smith's and
drove over the eighteen miles of mountain
road from there to Bay Pond. It is be
lieved probable that he hesitated about
coming to-day on account of the excite
ment prevailing throughout that section
because of the murder of Orlando P. Dex
ter. This crime has revived the open hos
tility against owners of great private pre
serves and, there has been Incendiary talk
on every Bide. • .- \u25a0 .'...;
Rockefeller #jas tak^v especial ..precau-j
tions slnce'the' De'xter ihurdeiv Theclear-"
ing about his residence at Bay Pond has
been lighted almost as brilliantly at night
as the streets of a city and there has been
a cordon of guards to keep out all intru
ders. It Is known that the family has
been badly frightened by reports that
armed men have been seen prowling in
the vicinity of the house.
Rockefeller's superintendent, John Red
wood, sent an appeal to New York for
competent detectives. All of the efforts
made to secure the safety of the house
hold did not relieve the overwrought feel
ings of the women, who have been of late
little better than prisoners in their great
mansion, as they have hesitated to leave
it.
Many threats have been made against
Rockefeller at different times and they
have been brought to his attention. A
railroad man who has come into frequent
contact with both father and son said to
day he had informed "William G. Rockefel
ler that he did not believe the latter's
life was safe. The result is that the fam
ily has cut .short its outing In the most
attractive season of the year in the Adi
rondacks, when hunting and outdoor
sports are most enjoyable.
Efforts were made to keep secret the
order for the sDecial train.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Oil King- Receives Warning
•That His Life Is
in Danger.
Entire Family Hurries
to New York City
for Safety.
His Estate in Adi
rondaeks Is
Forsaken.
ROCKEFELLER
FLEES FROM
LURKING MEN
marriage well give
freedom: to elopers
•San Jose Police Interrupt a Love
Affair, but Only for a Time.
SAN JOSE. Sept. 27.— Two youthful lov
ers. Minnie Smith and Walter E. LJne
• harper, who eloped from Fullerton.
Orange County, were taken into custody
by the police to-night. To-morrow they
will be married and so end an elopement
that has stirred the society of their town.
Miss Smith, who is 15 years old, is a fine
looking cirl and still wf-ars her short
dresses. Her father Is Maitland Smith, a
barber. Linebarger Is about 20 years of
age and the con of Supervisor D. 8. Line
bargcr of Orange County and a rich liv
ery stable keeper of Fullerton.
Two •weeks ago the young couple left
Fcllerton. Last Tuesday they came to
San Jose, They have been keeping house
as Mr. and Mrs. Leonard on South First
. street and Linebarger has Deen employed
la a livery stable. The young man was
recognized on the street by a person who
not'fied the police. The parents of the
youtg couple were informed. Word came
back to arrest them, if they were not
married. This afternoon the department
receives a telegram to have the young
people tiarried and release them. Both
were wililnff to get married. Miss Smith
was places in the custody of Matron
Krost at tie Red Cross Sanitarium and
linebarger released.
HIGHWAYHAN TAKES COIN
FROM TWO TRAVELERS
Hotel Manager and an Eastern
Colonel Have Lively Experience
in Oregon.
BAKER CITY, Or.. Sept 27.— Manager
Harris of the Geiser Grand Hotel of this
city end Colonel W. B. Stewart of the
Elmmons Hardware Company, St. Louis,
were held up by a lone highwayman sev
eral miles above Sumpter yesterday
morning. They were relieved of all their
belongings, including the contents of their
trips. Mr. Harris lost more than' $300 in
money and Mr. Stewart was relieved of
ftbost 2?Di
\u25a0 v/ :-\u25a0
LONDON, Sept. 27.— A balloon voyage
from Paris to Hull, a distance of 360
miks, has been made by three French
aeronauts, members of the Aero Club de
France. This is the first time a balloon
has traveled from Paris to England. An
attempt was made in 1SS5 to cross the
channel from France, but the aeronauts
never were heard of afterward.
The party which has now accomplished
the feat consisted of Comte Henri de la
Vaulx, Comte Hadelius d'Outfemont arid
Captain Jules Veger of the regiment of
engineers at Versailles. They set out
from St. Cloud at 6 o'clock last evening.
They crossed the channel near Dover at
1 o'clock this morning, and, keeping to
the east coast, passed over the estuary of
the Thames at 5 o'clock. Rapid progress
was subsequently made, the coast being
kept in sight near Hull. However, the
wind veered round to the west and when
the balloon crossed the Humber, between
Grimsby and Hull, at 11:30 o'clock the
wind waa blowing the aeronauts out to
sea. To escape this danger they made a
descent about six miles from Hull, hav
ing covered the distance of 360 miles in
seventeen hours and forty-five minutes.
The aeronauts were naturally elated at
their feat. They had set out, they said,
with the Intention of traveling as far as
they could, and but for the wind chang
ing near Hull, there was no reason why
they should not have traveled over the
entire length of England. One object of
the voyage was to experiment with the
new arrangement of having a small bal
loon Inside the larger one.
Special Cable to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright, 1903. by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
FROM PARIS
TO HULL IN
A BALLOON
m . Y EW Y0RK - Se Pt- 27.— Lewis
Awk ' / Nixon, head of the collapsed
/ shipbuilding trust, to-night
/ announced his candidacy for
» the Democratic nomination
for Mayor. In a ftubllc state
ment he said:
"I am a candidate for the Democratic
received as his share of the fraud. The
court* did not pass upon the question
whether Carter's share amounted to more
or less than $750,000, the amount he is sup
posed "to have received from his connec
*lion With the transaction--..- ::-—-» :-\u25a0• — , "^
It is expected that the extradition pro
ceedings against Green and Gaynor now
• in progress in London •will result in the
Canadian Government sending the men
back to the United States for trial. It is
with this belief that Carter proposes to
* . 'reopen his case in an effort to obtain
• vindication and recover his property.
•Some of the most distinguished account
ants in- this country, including Conrad
" Jordan, former Treasurer of the United
States, estimated that Carter received 15
" {*er cent of the total amount lost to the
• GoveriTment. Carter says that this
" amount far exceeds the most liberal estl
nia.te.of his share of the spoils. His friends
ftsscrt that Carter may have been care
. less In his official accounts and extrava
gant in his personal expenditures, but
* they Insist that he will be able to demon
strate before the civil court mat he
neither directly nor Indirectly received
from" Green and Gaynor anything like
. * $750,000.
Cartel's social standing: has not been
seriously impaired, either in "Washington,
• New .York cr Savannah. It Is said that
" fom'e of the society leaders of these three
cities have openly avowed their intention
\u25a0* to give him a cordial welcome back to
• society after his release from Fort Leav
enfrorth. One influential woman an
nounce* her intention cf giving the swell
cst 'reception of the season in his honor.
<CALL ErREAV, 1406 G STREET. N.
"VW. WASHINGTON. Sept. 27.— Oberlia
M. Carter trill be a State's witness against
Green and Gaynor_ If they are extradited
from Canada, where they are now fugi
tives from Justice as a development of the
Savannah harbor embezzlement case.
The former army captain will be released
from Fort Leavenworth prison on Novem
ber £S. The ar.noundement that Carter
Intends to try to recover from the Govern
ment 5750,003 worth of property seized
after he "was convicted of embezzlement
has brought the sensational declaration
frbm Carter that he has been the victim
of a conspiracy by Green and Gaynor.
The powerful political, social and finan
cial Interests which defended Carter dur
ing, his trial are again actively at work
in bis behalf. In the War Department
. there Is a growing tendency in favor of
Carfer and seme of the prominent army
officers express the hope that he will be
. -qble to Bhow that he was a tool of Green
and Gaynor and did not receive the enor
s'rhous kuhjs of money placed to his credit
by them.
A. prominent official of the War Depart
mtnt^-Faid to-day that, so far as the court
• mar;ial proceedings went, there was
nothing to rhow how much money Carter
Eoeclal Dispatch to The Call.
Former Army Captain to
Testify Against Green
and Gaynor.
Will Reveal Details of
Colossal Savan
nah Frauds.
Oberlin M. Carter
to Turn State's
Evidence.
CLAIMS HE
WAS A TOOL
OF PLOTTERS
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 28. 1903.
VOLUME XCIV-NO. 120.
Former Head of the Shipbuilding Trust
Enters the Field Against McClellan for
the Democratic Mayoralty Nomination
NIXON SEEKS TO LEAD
NEW YORK DEMOCRACY
Matthew Gerke flurls Himself From Bluff at Lands End and
His Lifeless Body Is Recovered From Waves Far Below —
Henry James Masson, Crippled and in Love, Shoots Himself.
The San Francisco CallFive pounds of the drug was found In
the prison barber shop yesterday. The
matter has been kept extremely quiet, so
that the source of supply .might be lo
cated. Many of the convicts have been
vigorously "sweated" in the hope that
they might throw some light upon the
question.' This afternoon suspicion nar
rowed down to five convicts. These were
unable' to account for certain actions
during the past few days. Pointed inter
rogations failed to bring forth tangible
information and' to-night all five are in
tho dungeons. They have also been put
In Btraltjackets, and confessions are
expected.
"Warden Tompkins - said Ho-nlght that
five pounds of the opium had been found
in the barber shop. He did not care to
give the names of those under suspicion,
but asserted he believed he ' had the
guilty parties.
"What we especially wish to ascertain
is how it reached mat part of the prison,"
said the "Warden.. "I think we can get at
the bottom of it before we finish the In
quiry. " It has narrowed down now to five
convicts and I think they will eventually
confess where It came from. I intend to
keep tbia prison free from 'dope' if it
costs me a leg. Of course it is Impossi
ble to thoroughly eradicate it from the
prison, but I will most certainly minimize
the traffic to a great extent I will not
tell the names of those supposed to be
implicated at the present time, and did
not care for the information to leak out
at all until after I had finished my in
vestigation."
BAN KAFABI*, Sept. 27«— JTor the first
time In ' several years opium. ' has been
smuggled Into San Quentin Prison. Very
Bmall Quantities have been . discovered
from tlme : to time in the outside office in
packages sent to the various inmates, but
because of the vigilance of Captain Rus
eell it had never reached the prisoners. .
Special Dispatch to The CalL
The Warden Suspects Sev
eral Convicts Now in
the Dungeons.
Prison Authorities Find
Five Pounds of
the Drug.
DISCOVER OPIUM
AT SAN QUENTIN
Engineer Fiddler, who was on. the col
liding engine, saw the danger and jumped
from his engine after signaling the other
train to move. Fireman Fisher stayed on
the engine and had his Jaw broken.
Boyd's injuries are serious. His left arm
was lacerated from the shoulder to the
hand and his Jaw was broken. Owens' left
hand was severely cut, his feet were bad
ly hurt and his body was shaken up. The
injured men were taken by special car
to the railroad hospital at Sacramento.
The body of Allen was shipped to-night
to Knights Landing, where he had lived.
The cause of the wreck seems to be
Blmply that the switch, which should have
brought the incoming train In on the
main line, was open and the second train
followed In on the first.
TRUCKEE, Sept 27.— A freight train
smashed Into the. rear of another freight
train at 2:80 o'clock this morning, and the
Ufa of Albert Allen was crushed out.
Three other trainmen were seriously In
jured. ' The accident occurred In the yard,
within fifty yards of the depot.
The first section of freight train 210
stopped on a siding, and the switch,
engine had gone to move It farther
down in the yard. The switch engine \u25a0was
in charge of Engineer Launtz and Fire
man John Regll, -who were busily engaged
pumping, air to move, the train when
Launtz, looking back, saw a fatal error
had been made and the second section of
the- train was coming 1 down the track
they were on.
Realizing their terrible, situation, they
Jumped through the windows, and hardly
had they gained safety on the ground
when the crash came that crushed the
three cabooses attached to the rear of the
first section. The cries and groans of the
men In the cabooses were heard after the
collision, and to add horror to tha situa
tion the splintered cabooses. In which
were held the bodies of the dead and in
jured men, took fire. An alarm met with
a quick response by the town firemen.
Brakemen G. J. Boyd and A. B. Owens
were rescued, bruised and lacerated, but
lucky to be alive. They were taken to
the Emergency Hospital for treatment,
while . the search in the wreckage was
continued. A hand projecting through the
debris showed where another man lay,
and in a few minutes the lifeless form of
Brakeman Allen was drawn from among
the broken timbers. His head was crushed
almost beyond recognition.
Special Dispatch to Th* Call.
Fire Department Is Called to Extin
guish Flames After Accident
Resulting From Mistake
In Switching.
Brakeman Killed and Other
...Railroad Employes
Are Hurt.
Freight Train Causes a
Disaster in Truckee
Yard.
MAIMED MEN
CRY FROM A
BURNING CAR
ATLANTA, Ga., Sept. 27.— In an address
to-<32y before a mass-meeting of negroes
Bishop Henry M. Turner of the African
Methodist Episcopal church declared that
the separation of the races was the only
solution of the race problem. Bishop Tur
ner urged that opportunity should be of
fered to negroes to settle ia Africa.
Urges a Separation of the Races.
Abandon Hope for Safety of Ship.
BOSTON, Sept. 27.-Hope -has been
abandoned for the safety of the Boston
steel ship Helen Brewer, seven months
out from Java and overdue by two
months. Sbe Is unlnsurable at Lloyd's.
The vessel is owned by Charles Brewer
& Co. of this city. She was 1582 tons reg
ister and carried a crew of eighteen men.
Tender and sjre feet ere quickly cured
by Dr. Koenigstein'B Red Salve. •
"I will neither deny nor affirm the re
port. Mr. Lawless went up to the North
on the TJmatlila a short time ago upon
business of the company and we have had
no word from him. I do not feel In a po
sition to miUo any statement on the mat
ter."
"When asked concerning the reported
resignation of General Manager James F.
Lawless Thomas Wallace, local manager
of the steamship company, said last night:
SEATTLE, "Wash., Sept. 27.-It Is re
ported here on good authority that James
F. Lawless has tendered his resignation
as teneral manager of the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company. Mr. Lawless, who
is now in Seattle, declines to discuss the
report, but It bears every evidence of au
thenticity.
Left Pacific Coast Steamship
Company.
MANAGES IS SAID
TO HAVE RESIGNED
Report in Seattle That Lawless TT^s
SOFIA, Sept. 27.— Pathetic dignity and
the utmost peacefulness characterized the
Macedonian demonstration here to-day.
After the celebration of a requiem in the
cathedral, which was crowded, 15,000
Macedonians and their sympathizers
Joined in a procession which marched
through the principal streets of the city.
Bands played funeral marches and carried
aloft were black flag^s and black-framed
pictures, representing the dead leaders of
the movement, burning villages, etc. Out
tide the cathedral Michaelovski, the pres
ident cf the Macedonian organizations,
addressed the demonstration. Other
epeakers also urged the maintenance of
peaceful conduct. A committee of three
was appointed as a delegation to call on
Premfer Petroff and ask him. whether the
Government would help the Macedonians.
Prince Ferdinand, after going to church
this morning, did not return to the palace,
but departed unexpectedly for his hunting
box at Kostenetz. His departure is much
commented on and is believed to be con
nected with rumors of an Intention on the
part of tho processionists to demonstrate
in the gardens of the palace.
It is reported that the Turks are build
ing forts along the entire frontier line,
commanding large areas of Bulgarian ter
ritory- Fortifications hava been con
structed for artillery. Three thousand
Turkish troops have arrtvod on the fron
tier at Malkoternovo.
The communications made by the Brit
ish Diplomatic Agent to the Bulgarian
Government stated that neither Turkey
nor Bulgaria could count on Great Brit
ain's support in the event of their openly
or eecretly opposing the realization of the
Austro-Russian project of reform in Ma
cedonia, and added that Great Britain was
pressing Turkey for more effective appli
cation of the reforms. The communica
tion further stated that Great Britain was
consulting with the other powers as to
the possibility of introducing more suit
able remedial measures.
of Slain Leaders.
BLACK FULGS BORNE ALOFT.
Macedonians Pay Tribute to Memory
Two Thousand Deaths Occur at the
Seaport Town During the Past
Eight Weeks.
TIENTSIN, North China, Sept. 27.— Both
the plague and cholera are raging at
Peitang, a seaport fifty miles east of
Tientsin, where 2000 deaths have occurred
during the past two months. The towns
of Neuher, Taku and Tientsin are not yet
affected.
PI.AGTJE AND CHOLERA
ARE RAGING AT PETTA1TG
BOGOTA, Sept. 27.— No agreement ha«
yet been arrived at regarding the candi
dates for the Presidency and Vice Presi
dency of the republic* The men who were
spoken of as candidates, such as Senors
Velez and Gonzales and Generals Osplna
and Perdomo, are now out of the run
ning. President Marroquln and hia eon
have declined to be nominated. The coun
try wishes the election of men who will
pursue a policy of conciliation and fra
ternity toward all parties. The two men
who are now most in public view- are
General Reyes and Senor Rico, the acting
Foreign Minister. They are practical men
of moderate views, who would be accept,
able not only to the conservative Nation
alist party, but to the Liberals.
General Reyes or Senor Rico "Would
Be Acceptable to Both Parties
in Bogota.
PRESIDENT MABROQUIN"
IS WOT A CANDIDATE
SALiONICA. European Turkey, Sept 27.
The immediate mobilization of the Adana,
Ar.gora, Kastamani and Kasairies divi
sions of the army, totaling £lxty-four
battalions, has been ordered. Half of
these battalions are expected to arrive
here within a v/eek and the rest will go
to Adrianople.
LONDON. Sept. 2S.-While there Is lit
tie fresh news this morning from the Bal
kans, it appears from the dispatches re
ceived here that both Turkey and Bul
garia are actively preparing for the pos
sibility of war. The correspondent of the
Daily Mail at Monastir comments on the
f=killiul disposition of the Turkish troops
for delivering- a Quick blow ccainst either
Servia or Bulgaria. There are 10,000 sol
diers in the vilayet of Kossovo; 70,000
men, with 3jO guns, in Adrianople Vila
yet; 50,000 in Monastir Vilayet and 170,
000 in Salonlca, the last mentioned force
forming a huge reserve.
A dispatch from Sofia to the Times says
that a document purloined from Hilmi
Pasha's archives and which has fallen
into the hands of one of the Consuls,
gives confirmation of the wholesale exter
mination carried out in Macedonia. It
records that ninety-three villages have
been destroyed in the vilayet of Monastir
alone and that the total number destroyed
reaches IIL Reports from other reliable
quarters represent that a much larger
lumber of villages have been destroyed.
The correspondent continues that the
attention of the humane and charitable
should be directed to the starving popu
lation. The American missionaries, who
have addressed appeals to the United
States and England for the dispatch of
a contingent of the Red Cross, are pre
pared to assist in the distribution of re
lief.
PHIL.IPPOPOUS, Bulgaria, Sept. 27.—
A visit to tho base camps of this division
of the Bulgarian army at Tirnovo and
Zelmen to-day showed that the sappers
ax.d miners are rapidly preparing for war.
Work en the bridges across the Maritza.
River and tho roads and forts in tho vi
cinity is In active progress. About ten
thousand troops are at the base camp and
la the vicinity. Seven thousand paraded
to-day for divine services.
Sappers and Moners Bushing "War
Preparations in the Bulgarian
Base Camps at Philip
popolis.
Adda to Its Already Immense
Fighting Force in the
When the fire was at its height the ex
plosions began. A considerable amount
of the ammunition belonged to Major Si
rnonds, but the greater portion was in
the cellar, where 13 was deposited in or*
der to ho near at hand for the State shoot
which Company C held to-day.
There was a continuous discharge of
cartridges for half an hour and bullets
were fast shooting into the air, but by
the time they had passed through the
wreckage they had about spent their
force. All the leaden missiles dropped
near the house. Those who had gathered
to view the fire realized the danger when
the shells began to explode and hurried
off to a safe distance. Men who were
removing the furniture and lighting the
flames barely escaped whizzing bullets.
The loss is SoOOO.
It waa by far the most dangerous fire
that has occurred here. Tho firemen gal
lantly battled with the flames, regardless
of the 6000 rounds of ammunition that
.were discharging around them and imper
iling their lives. Fortunately no on© was
injured.
NEVADA CITY, Sept. 27.— Members of
the fire department -worked heroically
last night to extinguish a blaze In the
home of Major P. F. SImonds, while
thousands of cartridges were exploding.
All that now remains of the pretty res
idence are a few charred boards and a
brick chimney.
Speclil Dispatch to The Call.
Cartridges in the Blaze Cause
a Perilous Shower of
Lead.
Porte Order3 Five New
Army Divisions Into
: the Field.
Nevada City Men Risk
Their Lives at a
Burning House. \
CALLS OUT
SIXTY-FOUR
BATTALIONS
FIRE EXPLODES
THE AMMUNITION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, JiONDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 1903.
The Mexican custom-house authorities
have been temporarily removed to Lam
pasas, where all Incoming baggage and
freight over the National Railway Is ex
amined, thus permitting trains to run
through to Laredo, Texas, without stop
ping at Nuevo Laredo.
MONTEREY, Mexico. Sept. 27.— Dr. Al
vin G. Alderman, a well-known Ameri
can, founder of the Christian Institute,
died at his home from what is said to be
yellow fever. The authorities ere taking
every precaution to prevent the spread of
the disease. The schools have been
closed. The medical men express the be
lief that the disease will not spread.
TAMPICO, Mexico, Sept. 27.— Five new
cases of yellow fever have appeared here.
The fever Is of a mild form.
The situation in Nuevo Laredo is un
changed. Dr. Mariano Trevino, a Mexi
can Government yellow fever expert, who
is in charge there, believes that within
eight days he will have stamped out the
fever.
Quarantines against Laredo have been
established in all directions and no person
can get beyond the limits of Webb Coun
ty. Other Texas counties have estab
lished a shotgun quarantine and are turn
ing back" ail persons who are endeavoring
to get away In coaches, buggies and carts.
The quarantine applies to all persons,
freight, baggage, express, mall or other
matter originating in the city of Laredo
or points south, the only persons having
authority to leave the corporation limits
being the health officers of the State of
Texas and of the United States.
The work of placing the city in a thor
oughly sanitary condition Is being carried
on under the supervision of Dr. Gulteras
and -a corps of expert assistants.
Laredo presents a dead appearance, all
of those who could get away having de
parted for points north of the State of
Texas and for points south. It !s estimat
ed that nearly 4000 residents have fled
from, here since the scare began.
Dr. Gulteras, in his houss-to-house can
vass to-day, saw many cases of fever and
at the conclusion of his day's examina
tion made tha announcement that twelve
of the cases were genuine yellow fever.
LAREDO, Texas, Sept. 27.--Yellow fever
seems to be on the Increase In this city
despite the rigorous efforts that are be
ing taken to stamp it out. Two deaths
and twelve new cases were reported, at
the close of the day.
Desperate Measures Taken After the
Flight of Thousands Who
"Were Exposed to the
Epidemic .
Persons Attempting to Leave
the Plague Spot Are
Maintain a /'Shotgun"
t Quarantine Against
City of Laredo.
TEXANS ARM
TO SHUT OUT
YELLOW FEVER
LONDON, Sept. 27.— The uneasiness
concerning the money market both In
London and New Yorkr, resulted in com
plete stagnation last Week on the stock
market, which passed through a week of
unrelieved depression. Renewed realiza
tions, especially of investment stocks,
produced a heavy fall in prices except in
the foreign department, which received
strong support from Paris, where the be
lief prevailed that the talked-of war in
the Balkans would be avoided. The pro
longation of the British cabinet crisis and
the political difficulties in Hungary did
not tend to improve the situation.
Americans and Canadians shared fully in
the general depression, being dominated
by the situation on "Wall street and the
position in the United States Steel shares,
and they showed declines on the week
ranging from $2 to $5.
Heavy Pall In Prices Is Noted in the
Leading Investment
Stocks.
XTNIlEIilEVED DEPRESSION"
MASKS LONDON" MABKET
2
RAILWAY TEAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leuve »\u25a0><! »re <Inc to um«« »t
SAN FK,\.\C1SO<).
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street )
"meats — Fkom Skptx3ibh:» t, IMi. — arkiti
7.C0a iifT.ii-U, Sulsaa, tl:u!ra ami Sacra-
mento 7-23F
7J3Oa Vacavllle; Winters. Rumsey 7-Z'or
7-30* Marti n.i. Sin Haiuou. Vallejo.
Kapa. tuiSiMfcii, 8aat> i:»s» G ZZr
7.30* Niles, Llverinoie, Lacbrop. Stock-
ton 7.25P
8.00a Davis. Woodiard. Kciglits Landing.
Jlsrysvllle. OroTUle, (conrccu
a: >i .rv» %[.:\u25a0.\u25a0 for ur'.llcy, V-'.^t
«na CUU-o) 7-55^
BOO* At;n!itkE<i>r.'«-ni1i'n'inilUi-. 10-25*
8X0* Port Coota, Martinez. Antioch. By-
ron,Tracy,StocKton.Sacrniaento,
Los KanoB, MencSota, Uaadird,
Vlsa:i«. Forterirllle 4.25?
8X0* Fort CosU. Martinez. Tr»cy. Lnii*
rop, Modesto, Merced. Fresno, (£,
GoKben JanctlOD, Hauford. Vi-
\u25a0alln, BakenfSeld 5.25V
8.30a fba»:» Kxprcis — Davia. TVllltam*
(tor Bartlett Springs). 'Wlllowa,
tFrnto, Kert Bluff, Portland 755*
8.30a Nile}, San .lose, Ltvermore, Stock-
ton.Ion".Sftcr:>mento.Placervilla,
MarysTille. Chtco, lied T.iult 4.25f
0.30a O»ki!ale. Caln^se. Jamc^tovra. So-
nor*. Taolutine and Angela 425p
9.00a Ma/tlces and Way Staclona 6 S5p
10.00a Vallejo 12.25r
10.00a. El Paso Fassenuer. Ei»«tbonad. —
— Po»-t Costa. Martinez, Byron.
Tracy. Lathrop, Stocktoa,
M«rsei1. Raymonrt. Fresno, llaa-
fcri. Visaiio, r.a'«T83fU. Los
Angeles ami El Pa»o. (West-
boucd »rrtve» via Coast Line)... «1.SCy
10 00a The Overland Limtted — Ugdeo.
Denver, Omaha. Chicago. SZZr
12 C0» Hayward. Nile* and Way Stations. 32ar
tl .00r Bacrxmento River Steamers 1 1 1 .00?
SJ&Qr Benic!.% Winters. Sacramento,
Woodland, Williams, Colu*a,Wil-
lowt, KnlKhta Landing. Mary»-
\u25a0"\u25a0 vllle, Ororilleand way stations.. 10 63»
3.30? Hayward. Nlles and Way Stations.. 753p
" 4.D0F Marti«e».SanIi*mon.Vallejo.>Iaja.
1 Callitoga. Sant»i:o»» .f 25 *
4-O0F Martlne*. Tracy.Lathrop.Stockton. 1025a
4C0p Nlle§. LlTermore. Stocktoa. Lodl.. 4.25*
4 30? Bay ward. Mir*. Irrlngton, s.in t 18.65a
Jose. LlTermore I tl 1.55*
6.00> The Owl Limited— Fresno. Tnlara,
| Baker«fleia. Lo» Angelet » 3S*
i BJBOr Tort Coata, Tracy. Stockton. Loa " —
Banos 12.25*
fS-30r Hayward, Klles and San Jos« ..... 7. 25 a
6.00r Uaywsrd, Nllet and San Jo*e. 10 25*
6-03? Oriental Mall— Cv Jen. Denyer.
Omaha. St. LouU. Chicago tad
East. Port Costa, Benlcia, Sut-
iaa, Klmlra. Davis, Sacramento,
Rocklln. Aub-k-n, Colfax.
Tmckee. Boca, Kino, Wads-
worfh, Wlnnemveca, Battla
Mountain, Elio 4.23P
t %.. Reno, Trnckee, Sacramento, Davis,
SaUun. Bealcta. Fort Costa 7 53*,
6.00f Valleio, daily, except Sunday.... i -j B e,
7.00^ Valleio, Sunday only f
7AQT Ban Pablo. Port Coita. Martlae* 2. ..
and Way Stations. 1125*
806* Oregon * California Express— Sao-
ramento, Marysvllle, Keddlng,
Portland. Pages Soucd and Eatt. 8.55*
S.IOr Eayw&rd, Klle«and8an Jo»8(aa»-
day only) 11.65*
11.2B> Port Costa. Tracy. Lathrop. Mo-
desto. Merced. Kaymocd (to Yo-
•emlte). Freano, Hanford. VI- ._„_
salla. P,akergfleld 12-23>
COAST LINE {»«»•» tt»a«e)-
(Foot of Mitrtet Street.)
7>I6a Sant* Cruz Excur»lon rsunday
oniy) 8.10»
8-ISa Newark. Center vllle. San Jose,
Felton. Boulaer Creek. Santa
Crua aad Way Stations 8 25?
tS.IB* Newarfe. CentervUle. San Jo«a,
Kew Almaden. Lot Oatos.Felton,
Bonlder Creek, Santa Crut aad
Principal Way Stations 10 53*
4.16P Newark. Bao Jose, Los Oatos and
way stations (on Saturday aad
Sunday runs throagn to Santa
Cruz;. Monday only from Santa
Cruz). Connects at yeiton to
and from Bonlder Creek fa.DBa)
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN JfltAN CISCO. Foot of Market at. (Slip «>
— tt:13 »:o0 11:00 AJt. 100 300 6.15 i- •«
from OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — ttt:U> ; ..itt
\u25a0TB:03 10:00 a.m. 12 00 2 00 4.C0 ir.ai. _
COAST LINE (Uroad tianK«>.
py~( third and TonrnaenJ Streets.)
$.10* Saa Jc»e and Way Stations iTl'Js
t7 CO* San Jose and W*y Stations 6-3i ?
7.16a Monterr? and Santa Crux Excnr- .
slon (Sunday only) 8 33'
•\u25a000a New Almaden (Tues., Frld., only). 4.10»
6 CO a Coast Line Limited— Stops only Saa
Jose, Gllroy (connection for Hoi-
Hater), Pajaro. Castrovllle, Sa-
linas. San Ardo. l'a-o Roblea,
Santa Margarita, San Luis Obispo,
Ouadalupe. Sarf ( connection for
Lompoc). Santa Barbara. Saugu*
and Los Angeles. Connection at
Castroville to and from Monterey
and Paclflc Grove 10.48*
I. CO a 8an Jose, Tret Plnos, Capitola,
Ban taCrcz, Pacific Orove.Saltnaa.
Ban Luis Oblspo and Principal
Intermediate Stations 4-1Q>
TO. 30a San Jose and Way Station*. 1.287
11430a Cemetery Passenger — Soutb Saa
Francisco, San Bruno 1.C5*
11 -SO a Sanu Clara, San Joae. Los Gfttot
and Way Stations 733"
alZVr Ban Jose and vray stations ... .... x7OO>>
2.007 San Jose and Way Stations 23.40a
2. SOt Cemetery Passenger — South Saa
Trancl?co, Saa Bruno 4357
t3J3O> Del Monte Express— Santa Clara.
San Jose, Del Mcnte. Monterey,
Pacific Orove (connects at Santa
Clara for Bant*. Cruz. Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Points) f 1 2-1S»
SZQr Pacific Grove and Way Stations—
Burllngame.San Uateo.Redwood.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto. Mayneld.
Mountain View, Lawrence, Santa
Clara, San Jose, < Gllroy. IIolll*-
ter, Tres Plnos), Pajaro. Watson-
vllle. Capitola, Santa Cruz, Caa>
trovllle, Salinas 10.43a
4-SOt Gan Jose and Way Stations 8-3Sa
o430p San Jose, (via fianra Clara) Loa
Oatos, Wright and Principal Way
Stations (except Sonday) 9. CD*
!S30p eanJoseandPrlnclpitlWayStation* tS.00*
tS.ISr SanMateo,Cere*for<l,Belmont.San
Carlos. Kedwood, Fair Oaks,
MenloPark. Palo Alto 19 4"*
6 .30* 8an Jose and Way Stations. 6.38a
7-OOr Sunset Limited. Eastbound.— Saa
LuU Obispo, Sanu Barbara, hot
Angeles, Demins;. £1 Paso. New
Orleans. New York. (Westbound .
arrives via Sun Joaqula Valley)... tra.25*
S.OOr Palo Alto and Way Stations 10-1&*
11. ZQf South San Francisco. MlKbrae, '
Burlingame, San Mateo, Bel-
moat, San Carlos, Bed wood, +049.
Fair Oaks, Menlo Park. Palo . I2ili
Alto, May field. Mountain View. W-4O»
Sunnyvale, Lawrence. Santa
Clara and San Jose j
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
X Saturday and Sunday only. j Snaday ealy.
I Stops at all station* on Sunday,
t Sunday exeepted. a Saturday only.
« Via Coast Line. v> Via San Joaqula VaUey.
• Reao train eastbound d!scoctlnued.
t9~Only trains stopptna; at Valencia St. sontbboun*
WCi;Ii)A.J«-«:<»AOt,ll:«)A.K..2:30rJ«.and8:30*J«,
gpP£Sgg]T0 SAfl RAFAEL
aSH^Hsfl SAN quentin,
WBf£i&<H*Zt&. 33 MM 1 WAI I CV" *
m!LL VALLtT.
via Sausalito rerry
WEEK DAYS — (Holidays exeepted) — «:4o»
+•7:45 8:43. tt:45, 11 a. m., 12:20, *l:*3, 3:15»
4:15, "t5:15. •«l:ls, «:45. 0. 11:13 p. xn.
7:13 a. in. tra'a week days doea not rua to'
M SUXDAYS . AMD LEOAX. HOLIDAT3— T.
+8, f», flO. "\u25a0 tH:31> a. m.. n2:»». fl:30.
2-33 *3:50, 5. 6, 7:30, 9, 11:43 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to Saa Quentla.
Those marked It) to Fairfax, except 3:15 p. m.
Saturdays. On Saturdays the 3:15 p. m. traia
'TrOM^An'raPAEL TO SAM FRANCISCO
—Week days— 5:25. tS;25, 7:4O. S:13 J3:03.
11:06 a. m., 12:30. 2:20, t3:«, 4:50. 3:30. «Ai.
10-20 P nv
SUNDAYS— 6:15, 7:33. J3:10, *:40. \u25a0 #0:5*
11145 *• Bi.. 12:00, 2:30, J3:23. 4:40, :3:50.
6:55 T:35. 10:20 p. m.
Trains marked (t> start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRAN.
CXSCO — Weelc days — 8:45. 6:10. T:43. 8:23.
8:13, 11:10 a. ta., 12;40, 2:43. *:13. 4:10, 7:C3.
10:10 p. m.
SUNDAYS— €:33. 7:55. 10, 11:10 a. in.. 12:C5.
1:03. 2:40, 3:45. 4:53, «:08. 7:10. 10:40 p. a.
TirROUGH TRAINS.
7:43 a. m.. weelc days — CazaJara and way
•tatlona. \u25a0
5:15 p. m., week days (Saturdays excepteO)—
Tomalea and way stations.
3:15 p. m., Eaturdays^ — Cazadero aad way
stations.
Sundays and Legral Holidays— 8 a. m.. Caza-
dero and way stations. \u25a0 ,
Sundays and Lesal Holidays— 10 a. ex. "^t
Reyea and way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— €26 Market St. |
FERRY— Foot ot Market st. <
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
L«ave »1» ttssaUts fery Arnve
SsMPraa. f-ittUutmA Saa > ran.
Week sUn^ frna~ Sa °- w ««*
Day«. da>-s jfeZu3?\ I. d<y^ P*^
1:*5p »:OOa y&S&JM il^Z
"tlCLB 1
am£B I and SaotaUT^ F*«».y Koot Marka* in.
'...\u25a0ifSS^SW WEN AND WDMEFI.
Cb« Big O for unnatural
V;i dischargss.iaflacimations,
/iffigf 1» 1 *o • i%ru \J irritations or nlceratioaj
K&pm OaaranwM w ofraucoco numbranaa.
ft!"J[ °" w • lr J.°'. U u a i- PaiaUsi, and no: a»trin-
u JPXa by esprew. prepaid, lot
«l.C0. or 3 bottles «3.74.
RAH, WAY TRAVEL.
iwiCGI • FTitC TTkcAU
i wSBSm \u25a0 1 1 1 1 1 1 ISvl'J 1
Popular Excursions
To the East.
| There are many reasons why our
Personally Conducted excursion parties
are so popular — one of them is the char-
acter of our epocial conductor service.
Our conductors ara picked men.
They most be competent and well
informed, of coarse, bet besides that
their manner and way of taking care
of thiogB must be acceptable to our .
patrons.
1 A cheery, good-natured, willing, well-
informed conductor can add greatly to
the comfort and pleasure of the party.
Our conductors are of this sort.
You can rely upon that.
Kindly inquire about our Personally
Conducted parties before you make up [
your mind how to go East
$6 for a double sleeping berth to
Chicago or St. Louis. ;
W. D. SANBORN, Gen'! Agt Burlington Route,
631 Market Street, San Francisco.
844 ,
The North Western-
Union Pacific Excursions
afford unusual opportunities fof v *n
economical and satisfactory journey to
Excursions Every Day t
Personally conducted parties leave
San Francisco every Wednesday,
Thursday, Friday and Saturday.
Leave Los Angele3 one day earlier.
Choice of routes.
For full IsformitSoa apply to er tddms
R. R. RITCHIE, S. F. BOOTH,
General Agent, Cenl Agent Pan'r Dept*
Chicago Se North- Western Ry . Union Pacific R. R.
617 Market St. No. 1 Montgomery St.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
1 CALIFORNIA ' 1
I LIMITED TO CHICAGO 1
B Icrrcs Monday* and Tbonday* at *S0 a.ra. . l\
|4 TbrouehinJ .days wltaDlsa» aad ail tiappiags. H
tl Our other trains r» at - £ J
3 ?:30ui 1 for Stockton, Freano, , |
g f :30am > Bakersfield, Merced* A
y 8:C0F* J Hanford, Visalla. rj
!! 4:C0«i for Stockton. '"" " H
H t:OOPM for Kansas City ao4 Cftieasra M
H Office* 64 1 Market St.. and la Perry f
II -Depot; 1112 Broadway . Oakland. t
H x " TraU* UaztMSritt Strut Firry* 1
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPA2TT.
Tllmron. Ferry, Toot of Market St.
BAIT FKAHCZSCO TO SAII RAPAEJi.
WEEK DAYS— 7:80, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30, 6:10, C:30 p. m. Thursday* — Extra trip
at 11:30 o. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:80. 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30, 3:30.
6:0O. 6:20. 11:30 p. m.-
SAZr BArAEl TO SAII- rSAZTCZSCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05, 7:35. 7:50, 9:20, 11:15
a. m.; 12:50, 3:40, 6:00, 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:S5 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00, 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40,
4:55. 5:08, 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Kffect I Arrive
San Francisco.! Sept. 27, 1903. | [San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | tlon. [ days. | Days.
7:30a 8:00a 9:10a 8:4Oa
9:30a Ignaclo. lO:4Oa 10:20a
8:30 p 3:30 p 6:05 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:00 p 7:35 p|
7:30 a 9:10 a 8:40a
8:C0a Novato. 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma | 6:03 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 3:30 p and 7:33 p
5:00 p Santa Rosa.
7:30 a : . i 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
8:30 p 3:30 p ' ]
Windsor. I
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburr. 10:4Oa 10:20 a
Lytton,
8:30 p 3:30 p Oeyservllle. | 7:33 p 6:20 p
| Cloverdale. |
7:30af 8:00a] Hopland 110:40 a|10:20 a
8:30 p| 3:30 p| and Uklah. 1 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:3Oa| 8:C0a| W1U1U. | 7:35p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 a|10:2O a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| . Guernevtll*. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
'7:30a| 8:00 al Sonoma. I 9:10 a] 8:40 a
5:10p|C:00p| Glen Ellen. | 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 a|10:20 a
8:30 p| 8:30 p Bebaetopol. \ 7:38 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentir; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs ; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark West
Springs; at Lyttcn for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
eervllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers. Booneville and Greenwood: at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
Keleeyvllle. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett. Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo
Potter Vallay, John Day's. Riverside. Llerly's
Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights. HuUville, Orr*s
Hot Sprlnga, Halfway House, Comptche, Cams '
Ste\-ens, Hopkins, Mendocino City. Fort Braee
Wenport. Usal; at WiUlta for Fort Braitjr
Westport, Sherwood. Cahto, CoveUo. Laytonl
vllle, Cummings. Bell's Springs. Harris, 01-
aen's. Dyer. Garberville, Pepperwood, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
bulldlns.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Pen. Manager. ; Gen. Pass. Ast.
ADVERTTSEWDENTS. :-, :. *
If That's the way Recrait Cigars are selling— that's the n
111 wfey smokers come h«xck for more. II
vSSs* laV^ij \u25a0 1 1 C(» M Vj 1 1 TLr " 1 &&JI^^7 J» J> \y sfi l^g %y\ 1 H " _j &a$9
Ilk to the tune of superior quality. Jf
'Sq Two bands front Recruit Cigars are equal to one tag from Star Tobscco tn securing presents* /§«rBALTIMORE.* Sept. 27— Archbishop Kain of
St. Louis, who came here s to the St. Agnes
Sanitarium several months ago to recuperate,
has an attack of appendicitis, and an operation
ircbabl}- will be performed at an early date.
Now on . exhibition and sale. Ladies'
pocketbooks, wrist bags, netsuki purses,
card-cases and bill books, the prettiest
things ever made. -Your name in gold
letters free of charge. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. •_
Fall Line of Leather Goods
WASHINGTON. Sept. 27— The returns of
Philippine commerce for May. 1903. show
'the foreign trade of the islands aggre
gated for the month $6,872,982, exclusive
of Government supplies and gold and sil
ver, being even greater than that report
ed for April of the present year, the value
of which exceeded that for . any single
month since American occupation.
Philippine Trade Steadily Increases.
gram from the local authorities to the
effect that the rebels and secret societies
In Kwangrtung Province are preparing ' a
rising.
Viceroy Tsen Beceives Alarming In
.telligence FroA the Authori
ties of Kwangtung.
SHANGHAI, Sept 27.— Viceroy Tsen is
hurrying back to Canton from Kwangsi
Province in response. to an urgent tele-
CHINESE REBELS GETTING *
BEADY FOB AN TTPBISING
WHEELING, Sept. 27.— Ill and In dnan
clal trouble. John Laughlin, a prominent
citizen, killed himself to-night after mak
ing; the most deliberate preparations.
Laughlin kissed his wife and son before
retiring to his room. There he disrobed,
put on a night garment, opened the
family Bible at a favorite chapter, and,
after reading, a while, - chot himself
through the head.
Beads Bible Before Killing Himself.
CAMPTOX. Ky.. Sept. 27.— The Wolfe
County Grand Jury returned a verdict of
not g-ullty to-day In the case of Claude
Day, charged with the killing of Felix
Bullock In Breathitt County two years
ago. Two trials of the case in Jackson,
Ky.. resulted In divided Juries. The casa
was then transferred to Wolfe County.
Judge Redwine presided over the three
trials.
Feud Fighter Goes Free.
LONDON, Sept. 27.— The Duke of Rich
mond, Lennox and Gordon died last night
at Gordon Castle, Banff shire, as the re
sult of a chill contracted on Thursday
last. The Duke had been giving a large
house party and the castle was full of
guests when the gravity of his seizure
was announced. Most of the guests left
the castle on Friday and Saturday.
.The deceased was the sixth Duke of
Richmond. He was born on February 27,
1818, and succeeded his father in 1860. He
held at various times the Government
positions of President of Trade, Lord
President of \he Council ana Secretary
for Scotland. He will be succeeded by
his eldest eon, the Earl of March.
That Coroner William F. Gormley
should have denied to 'ine Call corre
spondent all knowledge of the case, when
in fact he had half an hour before pre
sided at an inquest nt which a verdict of
suicide was rendered, has given rise to
no little criticism of the Coroner's meth
od of conducting' a public office. He
treated the local newspapers as he at
tempted to treat The' Call, and hence The
Call, which secured the truth from other
sources, was the first paper, to tell the
Sacramento people about the manner in
which the suicide was sought to'i be
hushed up.
Mrs. Mattie MacEwen. an aged and re
spected former resident of Sacramento,
but of late years a resident of San Fran
cisco, where she; had relatives, came up
from the latter city about three weeks
ago and 'took 'a room at a friend's house.
Afterward she secured an' apartment at
the Capital Hotel.. \u25a0
On Friday evening she was found In her
room at the hotel la «. condition bordering
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 27.— Mrs. Mattie
V. MacEwen made every preparation for
her burial some days before Ehe took the
dose of morphine • which ended her life.
Mayor George H. Clark, head of the Clark
& Booth undertaking company, two
weeks ago conducted the woman through
his establishment and arrived at terms
with her with reference to the cost of
her funeral.
Ep«clal Dispatch to The Call.
Richmond, Six*-.h of His
Line, Succumbs to
a Chill.
Mystery of Sensational
Sacramento Case
Unveiled.
POISON CAUSES
WOMAN'S DEATH
LONDON, Sept. 27.— Addressing a dem
onstration at Newcastle, Down,
to-day, John Redmond, the Irish leader,
said that the Irish land bill having been
secured, the next session must be devot
ed to the laborers' question. The political
situation to-day was a strange one and
if Premier Balfour desired to retain of
fice the Irish party would hold the power
of life or death In Its hands and would
use that power without compunction to
forward the Interests of the Irish cause.
CARLSBAD, Sept. 27.— Lord Milner left
this morning for London to confer with
Premier Balfour regarding the offer made
to him of the Secretaryship for the Col
onies.
John Redmond Says Next Session
Will Be Devoted to the Labor
ers' Question.
IRISH LEADER OUTLINES
PROGRAMME IN PARLIAMENT
ters from, different business houses in
London, including several busine«< notes
from McDougald Eros., solicitors, stat
ing that certain checks had been mailed
and asking for his next address, so that it
might be forwarded to his father.
Mrs. Chambers is sadly affected at the
raEh act of her husband. She is a comely
woman and apparently of a refined na
ture. She says that Chambers' body will
be chipped to England as soon as Ehe
hears from his folks. Chambers was 31
years of age.
ALTOONA. Pa.. Sept. 27.— President
Patrick Gilday of District No. 2, United
Mine "Workers, is authority for the state
ment that a strike of the 13,000 employes
of the Pennsylvania Coke and Coal Com
pany, the newly formed soft ooal combi
nation in the Central Pennsylvania field.
Is threatened. He has given the officials
until October 3 to agree to carry out the
provisions of the Altoona scale. Should
they fail to do.so he will order a strike.
Thomas Watkins, who was a member of
the Anthracite Arbitration Commission, is
vice president of the company.
Fifteen Thousand Coal Miners May
Be Called Out in Pennsylvania.
STRIKE IS THREATENED.
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
REMORSE DRIVES HIM TO SUICIDE,
DETROIT. Sept. 27.— The national con
vention of the Disciples cf the Lord was
opened here to-day. The day was devoted
to religious services. The principal speak
er was Evangelist John Smith of Cleve
land, • vrho claims he is called to preach
the gt>spel of Christ by God himself.
Claims God Called Him to Preach.
Troops Beady for Maneuvers.
CAMP YOUNG, West Point. Ky.. Sept. |
17. — After a day of rest thi various de
tachments of regular troops will engage
in the first of the maneuvers to-morrow.
Colonel Raspopoff. the Russian military ;
attache at Washington, and Lieutenant !
Colonel Foster, representing Great Brit- j
ain at the maneuvers, arrived to-day.
Secretary Tszchi was anxious to ascer
tain from the interviewer what the pub
lic thought of the affair and whether or
not it was believed that Tom Kim Yung
was guilty of the offense charged. He
was surprised to hear that the Chinese
population was divided on that point and
circulars had been distributed in China
town announcing the fact .that Tom Kim
Yung was ordered to commit suicide by
the acting Consul General.
The distinguished member of the diplo
matic corps has been In the diplomatic
service for eight years. He is a native of
Shantung province and graduated with
high honors from the University of Pek
ing In 1S93. It is his intention after in
vestigating the case to take a vacation
of several weeks. He expresses himself
delighted with California climate and
scenery. A reception will be tendered him
during his stay- +n this city by the Six
Companies and the representative mer
cantile organizations of Chinatown.
"According to International etiquette,"
said Secretary Tszchi, "the proper pro
cedure in the case of a member of the
diplomatic corps committing a violation
of the laws would have been to report the
matter to his Minister and allow his Gov
ernment to mete out a punishment com
mensurate with the offense. This rule,
however, only strictly applies to mem
bers of the diplomatic corps and not to
members of the consular service."
PROPER PROCEDURE.
Is understood that Chew Tszchi comes
armed with credentials from the State
Department directing the Federal au
thorities in thi3 city to assist him In every
possible way in his Investigation.
Tszchi was averse to expressing his per
sonal views on the outcome of the affair,
other than to state that if he found that
the arrest was unjustifiable the Chinese
Government would take the matter up
with the Slate Department at Washing
ton.
I CHINESE OFFICIAL WHO IS |
HERE TO INVESTIGATE SEC- I
I RETARY'S SUICIDE. i
Mildred McCarthy. the 7-year-old
daughter of Tim McCarthy of 427 Clem
entina street, had both her arms broken
by falling out of a window near her home
yesterday afternoon. She was treated at
the Emergency Hospital.
Child's Arms Broken.
FATAL ILLNESS
SEIZES A DUKE
Mr. Tszchi stated that the announce
ment of the arrest and suicide of Tom
Kim Yung, military attache of the lega
tion, had caused all of the members of
the legation in Washington much sorrow,
as he was a man of sterling character
and greatly liked by all who knew him.
"It hardly seems possible to a man with
good common sense," said the secretary,
"that Tom Kim Yung, even If the degen
erate the police of this city maintain he
v.*as, would approach a policeman in full
uniform on a well lighted public thor
oughfare, traveled by hundreds of pedes
trians. It was my good fortune to become
acquainted with Tom Kim Yung several
years ago in Peking, and he was a gen
eral favorite with every one. His charac
ter was above reproach. None of those
who knew him intimately can believe the
allegations that have been made."
The representative of the Chinese im
perial Government will begin his investi
gation this morning, and in addition to
reviewing the evidence secured by the Six
Companies," a visit will be paid to Mayor
Schmltz and Chief of Police "Wittman. It
The gentleman who occupies a position
next in rank to the Chinese Minister to
the United States is regarded as one of
the most astute members of the diplo
matic corps in this country, and there is
no doubt that the investigation that he
Is about to make will be thorough and
searching In its nature. Upon his arrival
In this city he was met at the ferry by
members of the consular service and es^
cortcd to the consulate.
Mr. Chew Tszchi was not averse to be- 1
ing interviewed and readily consented to
discuss the mission that brings him to the
city. He ia a man of commanding ap
pearance, and affability and courtesy are
among his chief characteristics. His an
swers to all interrogations are pointed,
and he possesses the factulty of skillfully
parrying any questions the answers to
which might call forth an expression of
personal opinion.
SUICIDE CAUSED SORROW.
WITH the arrival of Chew
Tszchi, first secretary of the
Chinese legation, from Wash
ington, D. C, last evening,
the first chapter of the inves
tigation attendant upon the arrest of Tom
Kira Yung and his subsequent suicide
by the inhalation of illuminating gas is
about to begin, and complications may
result that will hold the boards of the
International stage for some time to come.
Chew Tszchi arrived from Washington
on the overland train last evening fully
empowered by Sir Chentung Liang
Chung, the Chinese Minister, to rigidly
investigate the circumstances surrounding
the arrest of Tom Kim Yung and his
self-destruction. Upon the report of Chew
Tszchi will depend future -developments
in this international affair, which has
caused the Chinese Government and the
State Department much concern.
Dr. Campbell, In an interview with The
Call correspondent to-day, said It was a
clear case of suicide and he had so testi
fied at the Coroner's Inquest. He said
he asked the woman if she had taken
the poison and she nodded affirmatively.
He asked her if she had taken It of her
own volition and she replied in the same
manner that she had. He could not get
her to say whether she had taken the
drug with suicidal intent, but he was
certain such was the case, and he said
upon his evidence such a verdict was re
turned by the Coroner's Jury.' ,
Dr. Campbell showed an envelope con
taining the poison, which he found under
Mrs. MacEwen's pillow. In it remained
a considerable quantity of poison. The
envelope was entirely blank, save for a
notation in Dr. Campbell's handwriting—
"Found under; Mrs. MacEwen's pillow."
As there is a State law against selling
deadly 'poisons in such quantities, or at
all without a physician's prescription,
and as Mrs. MacEwen .was not being
treated with morphine it is evident some
druggist is guilty of a violation of the
State law, and another • reason appears
why there was an effort to hush up the
case.
Mrs. MacEwen was a highly respected
woman and was very well known to the
older generation of Sacramento people.
"About two weeks ago," said the Mayor,
"Mrs. MacEwen called at my establish
ment and caid she expected to die soon,
as she was afflicted with heart disease.
She asked me what it would cost to give
her a proper burial in the event of her
death, and I gave her different prices for
different kinds of funerals. Ono price
pleased her and she said she would depos
it the amount in a local bank, subject to
my order.
"I thought at the time that the woman
was in a despondent mood and that she
would think no more of the matter when
she recovered from her despondency.
When I heard yesterday that she was in
a dying condition and was told by Dr.
Campbell it was a case of suicide I Im
mediately recalled her visit to my estab
lishment."
A jury was summoned. Dr. Campbell
appeared before It and testified that the
woman had died of poison evidently
taken with suicidal intent, and the verdict
of the Jury was in accordance with this
report. At the Capual Hotel no informa
tion whatever could be obtained, not even
the name of the woman, and It was ap
parent that every effort was being made
to keep the affair a secret.
Mayor Clark was called upon this morn-,
ing and asked for a statement of -his cor*
nection with the mysterious case.
on coma. Under her pillow was found a
blank envelope with enough sulphate of
morphine in it to kill a dozen persons.
To Dr. G. B. Campbell, who attended her,
the .woman admitted that she had taken
the poison. She was removed yesterday
morning to the house of the friend whom
she had first visited and there died about
three hours later.
Coroner Gormley was called in the case
and by friends of the woman asked to
keep the affair out of the newspapers.
Gormley complied with the request, even
to the extent of denying knowledge of
the affair, until he found The Call had
secured the information outside his office.
CALL BUREAU. 1106 G STREET N.
W.. WASHINGTON. Sept. 27.— According
to George M. Bailey, a new3paptr cor
respondent who has Just spent three
weeks in Indian Territory investigating,
the land scandal, the conditions In the j
Choctaw, Chickasha and Creek nations
are as bad as they can bs and the "graft
ing" has already exceeded in proportion
the postoffice scandal. The Indian scan
dals involve the gotfd faith and integrity
of the Government in the administra
tion of an estate of 70,00) helpless per
sons who are wards of the Government.
"In the Choctaw and Chickasha coun
tries the sufferers are white homeseekers
rather than the Indians," said Bailey to
night. "After the passage of the Curtis
act, which provided for the allotment of
lands and the ratification of the Atoka i
agreement and a supplementary treaty,
each Choctaw and Chickasha Indian be
came entitled to 320 acres of average land,
160 acres of which became a homestead
inalienable for twenty years. Tho re
maining 160 acres the Indian was permit
ted to sell," one fourth each year, after
he received his patent, until all of It was
disposed of. Then it was that the whit;
homeseekers from Texas, Arkansas,
Kansas and Missouri began to flock into
the two nations by thousands in order to
be on the ground when the allotments
were made, so as, to secure homes by ac
tiuiring.the alienable lands of Indians. Up
to the present time these whites have
been renting the lands from the Indians,
paying therefor a percentage of the
crops raised. During this period of wait
tng they have endured all manner of
hardships, lived in the merest shacks,
their children have been without school
facilities and they have been preyed upon
by land grafters and Indians alike. They
have suffered too much already and Con
gress should see to it without delay that
they receive better treatment.
"The scandals have reached the highest
development in the Creek nation, for the
reason that the Creek allotments have
been completed. Bradley, of the Bradley
Real Estate Company, informed me that
the so-called 'grafting' of the kind he was
engaged in was the result of the policy of
the Interior Department in making it dif
ficult for Indians to sell their land.
Creek f ullbloods are in a semi-starving
condition and they leased their lands in
order to get money to buy food. If they
had been permitted to sell they could
have paid their debts, purchased nec
essaries and improved their inalienable
hqmesteads.
"There are Indians in the Federal Jail
at Muskogee charged with cattle theft
who were caught in the timber eating the
i raw flesh of a yearling they had killed
because they were pressed by hunger.
These Indians are possessed of $2500 or
; $3000 worth of land and yet they are crim
inals because they could not use their
• property to prevent starvation."
8pedal Dispatch to Tho Call,
England. Ireland. Scotland and "Wales,
comprising the United Kingdom, have
been for some months past contributing
more largely to the total immigration
than had been the case for some years.
The total arrivals from these sources dur
ing August numbered S04S.
.Germany, Norway and Sweden, which a
•few years ago contributed a large por
tion of the total immigration, have not
fallen off so much in the actual number
of immigrants as In the relative number
when compared with other countries.
There v.ere 4006 arrivals from Germany
during August, an increase of 133F over
1902.
Norway contributed 1731, an increase of
C21 over iast year.
The arrivals from Sweden numbered
S°ir«. exactly the same number as in last
.Aueust.
Little change in the character of the
Immigration is shown by the August fig
ures. Austria-Hungary, Italy and Russia
continue to supply more than one-h.i'.f of
the total number of arrivals. Asiatic
countries contributed 222^> arrivals in Au
t^st, of whom 1034 were Japanese, most of
whom were destined for the Hawaiian
Islands. There were 5l<2 Chinese who were
able to Fatisfy the immigration officials
that they were entitled to admission to
the United States.
CALL BUREAU. 1*06 G STREET. NW..
\u25a0WASHINGTON. Sept. 27.— Immigration
statistics continue to surpass all records
end a total of more than a million Immi
grants during the present fiscal year
seems now assured. The total last year
was bS7,f46, which was GS.054 in excess of
the number of arrivals in any previous
year. An increase of but 25 per cent over
last year's figures would make this years
total more than one million, but the In
crease for the first months of this fiscal
year amounts to 36.184. or 3S per cent more
than the corr?spo:i(Jing months last year.
If the same rate of increase is maintained
throughout the year the total for the
twelve months will be 1.17S.9T.*.
The figures for August that have Just
been prepared in the Immigration Bureau
Indicate that there is every prospect that
the total will be even greater. Immigra
tion is always heavier in the ?;>ring and
fall than In summer. August is one of
the lightest months of the year, but the
total for August this year was 61.977, an
increase over August last year of li»,4£S.
or 42.21 per cent. The total for the first
two months of the present fiscal year was
ICl.:;:.. while for the same period last year
the figures were but XJ8L
.epeclal Dispatch to The Call.
Law Prevents Starving Tribesmen
Selling Their Holdings and
fi«ttlers Lease the
Lands.
The mall bags In all the mall car3 wero
torn open and the letters and packages
were scattered, but it is believed ncne
were lost.
At the foot of the trestle is a shallow
stream with a ro?ky bottom. Striking
tills the locomotive and the cars were re
duced to a mass of twists-d Iron and 3teel
and pieces of splintered wood. No ona
on any of the wrecked car3 had made an
effort to jump and tha bodies of all those
killed were found in the wreckage of the
different cars in which they had been en
gaged. All the express matter in the ex
press car was destroyed.
The Injured: Mall Clerks Louis W.
Spiers, Frank E. Brooks, Percival Inden
mauer. Charles E. Rearaes. J. J. Dun'.ap.
M. C. Maupin and J. H. Thompson. Tha
recovery of Mail Clerk Spiers is not ex
pected. Other3 of the clerks are believed
to be fatally injured.
The trestle where the accident oc
curred is 500 feet Ions and la on a sharp
curve. Engineer Brodie. who was a new
man on the uivislon, came to the curve at
high speed. The locomotive had gone only
about fifty feetj on the trestle when it
sprang from the track, carrying with it
four mail cars and an express car. The
trestle, a -wooden structure, also gava
way for a space of fifty feet.
CHARLOTTE. N. C Sept. 2?.— While
running at a high rate of speed, a south
bound fast mall train on the Southern
Railway Jumped from a trestle seventy
five feet high north of Danville. W. Va..
this afternoon and was demolished. Of
the crew of sixteen men. including mail
clerks, nine were killed and sevea in
jured. The dead:
ENGINEER J. A. BRODIE of Placer
ville. Va.
FIREMAN CLARENCE WHITE.
CONDUCTOR TOM BLAIR.
MAIL CLERK J. L. THOMPSON.
MAIL CLERK W. T. CHAMBERS.
MAIL CLERK D. T. FLORY.
P. N. ARNDENWRIGHT.
FLAGMAN and BRAKEMAN. names
not known.
Majority of Arrivals Come
Frcm Austria, Italy
and Russia.
While the packers are willing to pay
the wages asked, a hitch in the negotia
tions has arisen over the demand of the
packers that the butchers increase their
amount of work. Every lodge of butchers
in the country has been asked to vote on
the demand of the packers, and meetings
will be held for the purpose throughout
the country to-morrow. If the vote shall
be unfavorable It Is likely a general strike
will be ordered, affecting more than 50,000
men.
CHICAGO, Sept. 27.— Every packing
house plant In the United States is threat
ened with a tie-up by a general strike of
butchers and affiliated workmen, for the
first time In history, unless the owners
yield to the demands of the Amalgamated
Meat Cutters and Butcher Workmen of
America.
Packing-House Plants Are Threat
ened With a Tle-TJp.
BUTCHEBS MAY QUIT WORK.
We do maintain that we shall b» allowed to
conduct our ira'le union business without tn
f.uer-eo from DoltUca cr r»l!rr!on, fraternity er
combination. On the other hz.n<l. we do not
Interfere with tie political or religious beliefs
of cny ©f our mcrab;r«. Th^se beliefs are
F-icr*-d to the Individual. cr.<i he is and always
hss lietn at liberty. f=o far a:; the union is con
cerned, to follow his bent in the selection of
rc!i?!cn. politkal and fraternal organizations,
or he may abstain from participation in them
alt.-ppther. It Is Immaterial to the union.
The union has its n>ld ar..j It proposes to con
fine ltw'.f to that field. From the persistence
r.-ith which certain newspapers have exploited
the attack made r-n our obligation by several
clerj?yu.an. the belief :s forc-i?d that, these
papers would not suffer jfreat yrlef should the
International Typrpraphlciil Union go ashore
on the rcliRict!!! and political rocks. But It Ik
not doubt ed that ihe cood common sense of
our members>lr> Will keep th« union in safe
waters and rn-rmit the attack that has been
made by those who may have been well mean
ing and afterward used as a new*r)ar>er sen
sation die of Inanimation. And that Is evi
dently jurt what Is happ^nlnr.
INDIANAPOLIS, Sept. 27.— President
Lynch of the International Typographical
Union in the next issue of the organ of
the union will reply to charges that the
oath subscribe*! to by member* of the
union is antagonistic and made para
rr.uunt to religious obligations. It is as
serted the agitation wr.s begun by Roman
Catholic clergy. President Lynch will
say:
President of International Typo
graphical Union Answers Critics.
HEPLIES TO THE CLERGY.
Exulting in his rtcer.t* tnumphs Parks
is already boast'r.g that he will make
trouble when he return? to New York. In
an Interview to-da;* he sale:
•'I am quoted :n Now York as saying
that I am going to rais*> all kinds cf trou
ble upon my return. I do not Intend to
ca.ll any strikes among the structural Iron
workers engaged on buildings in New
York. But if there is not a change in the
conditions at the East River bridge I
shall start something thf re in rvbout two
weeks."
At a caucus o* thf Buchanan men to
night it was figured that the president
could count on forty-thre* votes.
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. Sept. 27.—Pitts
burs. Cleveland. Buffalo and "Wheeling
delegates, representing 10.000 men, decided
here to-night to withdraw from the Inter
national Association of Structural Iron
and Brtdre Workers in the event of the
continued dominance of Samuel Parks,
the Xew Tcrk walking delegate, in the
annual convention now being held here.
. Michael Flaherty, chairman of the
Pittsburg delegation, will direct the anti-
Parks fight on the floor of the convention.
The injection of Park3 and his influence
ha? so shar><-d affairs that the New York
walking delegate is an issue as directly
opposed to the Buchanan regime and it
has been decided to Split it out on that
line by ajsraln attempting the re-election
of Buchanan.
BEDDING, Sept. 27.— Several hundred
Indians and halfbreed Indians employed
In picking fruit at Anderson, twelve miles
south of here, held a dance on the Petty
grove farm a mile from Anderson, last
night, which wound up in the early hours
this morning with two fights. One ended
fatally at once and the other may result
in a fatality.
The Indiana and halfbrecds had been
drinking. The flrst trouble was between
Jeff Lowry. a haubreed Indian of Modoc
County, and Dick Rogers, an Indian of
Big Meadows, Plumas County. Rogers,
who is under arrest, says that he loaned
Lowry a dollar some time ago and failed
to get it back, despite repeated requests.
He says he asked Lowry for It again this
morning at the dance and Lowry. calling
him a vile name, told him never to ask
for the money again, at the same time
pressing a revolver against Rogers'
breast and pulling the trigger. The cart
ridge failed to explode. Rogers says he
stabbed Lowry twice in the abdomen to
save himself. Physicians say one of the
knife wounds may cause death. Lowry
was a partner of Charley Hough, a noto
riously bad Indian cf Modoc County, who
was killed by officers.
The excitement of the stabbing affair
had hardly worn off when the Indian
dancers heard three pistol shots in rapid
succession on the outskirts of the crowd.
They found Joe Henderson, an Indian of
Big Bend, Shasta County, a brother of
Stonewall Jackson, a locally famous In
dian chief of the same locality, dying. He
had been shot through the body, the bul
let touching the heart. Death came in a
few minutes and the Identity of the slay
er has not been, established.
The Indians will talk but little of the
affair, although they say that Henderson
was considered the leader in the move
ment which resulted in the shooting and
beheading of Louie Thomas, an Indian
doctor of Burney Valley in this county,
several months ago.
Deplorable Condition in the
Choc:aw, Chickasha a.nd
. Creek Nations.
Quarrels Result in Serious
Trouble at a Farm
in- Shasta.
Lose More Than the
Reds in Indian
Territory.
"Year's Record Will Far
Exceed the Million
Mark.
Nine Persons Are Killed and
Seven Severely iDJured
in Disaster.
Engine and Mail and Ex
press Oars Land in
Shallow Stream.
Dominance of Samuel Parks
Will Not Be Longer Tol
erated by Them.
Many Delegates Threat
en Withdrawal From
Association.
StabWhg and ShootiDg
Complete a Savage
Festival.
TRAIN JUMPS
FROM TRESTLE
75 FEET HIGH
WHITE MEN
VICTIMS OF
THE FRAUDS
SERIOUS REVOLT
OF IRON WORKERS
INDIANS FIGHT
AT THE DANCE
IMMIGRANT
HORDE GROWS
EACH MONTH
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 1903.
Chew Tszchi, First Secretary of the Chinese Legation at
Washington, Will Probe Into Circumstances Surrounding
Affair That May Result in International Complications
ARRIVES TO INVESTIGATE
SUICIDE OF TOM KIM YUNG
3
AE VEBT ISEBIEXTS.
Skii\ Diseases
cf the most stubborn and chronic kind
ere promptly relieved and c\entuzlly
cured by the use of
This powerful germicide is ab-
solutely harmless. It has cured
cases pronounced incurable and
will cure you. By killing the
perms that cause skm diseases, it
allo-A-s Nature to restore a healthy
skin. Used and endorsed by lead-
ing physicians everywhere for the
last 1 2 years. Booklet on request.
Sold by leading drcfrrirts or trial
bottl- sent prepaid on receipt of 25 cents.
Cl.O Prince St., New York
/
A visit DR. JORDAN'S great 4
itaUSEUH OF fiHflTOMYj
0 Gb 1£iSZIT a - ***• i--t?±. s.t.ui A
\ Of "*** L»f«« Anatomical Museum in the \
Q .^rZft-^ World. *e*ko«<.ei or any ontractcd A
0 pgl tpeo4Ujto.Ui.CcMt tu.J6,ein. &
A /j§*Vl D?.. JORDAK-DISEWES CF MEN 6
\ f CrV^H Coi»ult»aon free ud «trict: y priwe. \
6 I lir^H Treatment person*: y o, br lm, t A A
\ U W M If f—*"* °" r ' ™ ***»> «»«• undertaken. W
AVfl \\Bl Wrfefor Book. PHILO«oPBT«ri
V * if ||Y HiBBU". MAILED FXE£. f A f
1 Jl II Tsluabte book lor m^u) \
9 DB JORDAN* CO.. 1051 Market Nt.B. F Q
The dealing in Schilling's
Best
tea. biUhipow&i* \u25a0?«=«
eoCee flavoria f extract* coda
is like the goods: good-enough.
At jmar grocer's* os«:»Trfc»ck,
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
1 Underwear Specials 1
Without doubt we carry the largest stock of un- 1
denvear of any store on the Pacific Coast. It is jj
l K low priced and well selected. Whatever yon want m
in style, color or quality you will find it here at the |
price you wish to pay. \ j|
I * To popularize our underwear department we 4
I reduced several lines as follows : " ||
' H •£• £* /IT a armcnt — Sanitary fleece-lined under- E
ffT 0 %2 C wear I fancy front;- plush finish; usually jl
\ J9 j Q r" a jrarrnrat — All-wool underwear in at
mmL OCmC fonn-fitting or 2t goods; usually sold H
i at $i.oo and $1.25. j H
t M J C% "4 /y IT a garment — Fine form-fitting cassi^ (j
r Mm T gh M jS Z§ mere underwear; knitted neck; us- «
jj ' * yr.~ ' uaily $i.so- fi
/i<S> Of O /*T a et 8 " 0^* — Mercerized silk form- 'q
* Mi r m / tjtj X fitting underwear; elegantly fin- 3
\ ished; usually $1.50 and $1.75. j {|
i M j {S 4 P* g^ a garment — Pure worsted wool 'J
\u25a0 Mm T lA £ /# If form-fitting underwear; exceptional jJ
jj " quality; usually $2.00. . ||
• IS J. 0 /y iOiO a garment — Fine form-fitting cassi- H
, g\X, A <r \J U m . CTC underwear, with silk stripes, ;9
v. ['\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0, * high grade, the best possible qtial- H
! ity, which usually is $.2.50. j "3
< The a^ove goods come in such colors as gray, tan, brown, ||
i ecru, blue, pink, black, fancy stripes and mottled goods. i i|
Out'Of'iown orders filled— write us. } ?I
740 Market Street. f y! DUPUY DE LOME. A FRENCH ARMORED CRUISER. WHICH IS TO HAVE LIGHTER BOILERS. TO INCREASE j
i HER COAL. CAPACITY. THE VESSEL'S LONG RAM AND PECULAR FEATURES MAKE HER A MOST ,
A local man is seeking divorce on the ground that
his wife compels him to do the family washing. This
is probably the first/case on record where the wash
ing of one's dirty linen is made /the pretext for a
public action in a court of justice. Privacy in such
matters has been made by convention a civic virtue.
A prominent business man of the East, a cousin of
the Goulds, tried to kill himself a few days ago be
cause of business worries. And many thousands of
other men want to kill themselves .because they can't
worry over business affairs which they have not.
Human contentment is evidently not dependent upon
what one possesses or upon what he does not.
Sir Thomas Lipton has sold the Shamrock I and
the Shamrock II. The commercial spirit of Sir
Thomas is evidently too strong for the sentiment
that would make one ding even to an inanimate
thing in which one's hopes and pride had been in
volved. The two yachts should have possessed for
their owner something more than that intrinsic value
which attaches to second-hand goods.
DR. W. H. WILEY, chief of the bureau of
chemistry of the Department of Agriculture,
who has just returned from Europe, where
he has been investigating the export of adulterated
or falsely labeled foodstuffs to this country, has man
aged to start a nice little controversy immediately
upon his arrival. In the course of a talk on the sub
ject of wine imports he was reported as saying:
"There are no chateau or vineyard wines shipped to
the United States. , The. Americms drink nothing
but labels." The statement naturally aroused the in
dignation of wine dealers and wine consumers in
New York. Prompt refutation was called for and
was forthcoming, so the conflict began.
On£ of the leading wine mei. in New York is
quoted as saying: "The American people are not
fools, and they know what they are drinking. At
least 8o per cent of the chateau and imported wines
are genuine. There may be 20 per cent of inferior
and .adulterated wines shipped as chateau and vine
yard. But the drinker of French wines can tell the
difference. Of course a greenhorn may be fooled.
Put a glass of California and French claret before
me, and I can tell the difference by the color. There
are fifty importers in New York who handle the
A QUESTION OP WINES.
According to a German paper, out of
3000 soldiers recently mustered into rank
and file in Breslau, Silesia, only 181 had
good teeth. The number of bad teeth of
the other soldiers was no less than 28.394.
If partisan reports be accepted as true, both the
United States and Canada have already won decisive
victories in the arbitration proceedings over the
Alaskan boundary. Why not let the affair rest where
it is and both sides will be supremely happy.
The divorce courts have ever been the stage for
the presentation of arguments dark and devious by
which mismated couples seek the relief afforded by
their original state of single blessedness. "From the
petty to the dignified, from the humorous to the
tragic, reasons are given for the slipping of the gall
ing marital knot. But the limit was reached a few
days ago when a local citizen pleaded that an oyster
had come between him and his wife and supplied
just cause for separation. A little further inquiry
might perhaps uncover a clam in the affair.
The Italian Touring Club, recently
formed in this city, had its first outing
yesterday, when the members climbed
Mount Tamalpais. In commemoration of
the ascent, the climbers deposited an en
graved piece of' marble on the summit of
"West: Peak. • Th« club members partook
of a luncheon on their descent to, the
valley and a cable message was sent to
the parent organization. in Italy. Among
those who climbed Mount Tamalpais were
Count Grlmanl. actinj Italian Consul; E.
D. Agostini, president of the club: G.
Calegaris, vice president; G. Almagla and
E Patrizi, editors of ' iVItalta": Dr. Bar
gotti. L- Mastropasqua, Professor Gentile
and H. Berniere.
Club Climbs Tamalpais.
The strongest fortress in European Rus
sia is Cronstadt. It Is t!ie Russian naval
depot of the Baltic sea.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Pirss Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
TowiTser.d's California glace fruits and
candiej. 50c a pound. In artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st.. above Call bid*. •
BUFFALO, X. Y.. Sept. 27.— It was
stated at Castle Inn this evening that
Mrs. Jefferson Davl3 had rallied during
the day and that her condition showed a
decided improvement.
Mrs. Davis' Condition la Improved.
General Manager A. O. "Wells of the
Santa Fe road arrived from Los Angeles
yesterday and Is registered at the Palace.
James W. Abbott of the United States
Department of Agriculture is here from
Washingtpn and is registered at the
Grand. ' /
Charles A. Holland, superintendent of
the Columbian mine,, In Tuolumne County,
is at the Grand.
A. M. Dueber, a member of one of the
big watch manufacturing establishments
of Cincinnati, is a guest at the Palace.
R. H. Pease, who has been in Portland
and other Northwestern towns for the
last two months looking after business
matters, has returned to thi3 city.
Georj?e Stewart, a cattleman of Crows
Landing, is at the Grand.
State Senator Thomas Flint Jr. is up
from San Juan and is registered at the
Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION.
If you want to retain In memory a
picture of some interesting event snap
It with a camera from the photographic
department of Sanborn. Vail & Co.. 741
Market street. - - • /•
Cameras and Supplies.
The staples seem to have begun a downward cur
rent of late. Wheat, com, cotton, provisions, live
stock and some minor staples have eased off more or
less in price during the past few days, with quieter
markets. Lumber and building materials of all kinds
are also showing less activity in many parts of the
country. The dry goods market is likewise reported
quieter, though a fair trade is in progress.
Like the merchandise market, speculation emerged
from its hibernation last week, and with Wall street as
the storm center became sensational. For one or two
days prices declined with a sinister persistency that
set the street trembling. On Thursday the market
seemed to have lest its bottom altogether, but on
Friday there was a partial rally. Just what caused
the decline nobody seemed to know, but the wise ones
when questioned shook their sage heads and uttered
that portentous word, "liquidation." It is a con
venient explanation to have in stock, ready for irrime
diate delivery, when one does not know what else to
say. There were plenty of dark forebodings and
rumors to help along the decline, but none of them
were realized. No dark cloud broke over Wall street,
no gigantic failures were announced, no crazed finan
cier put a pistol to his worried head — nothing hap
pened. Whether it was a scare or actual liquidation
it was impossible to say. It might have been the
closing down of the steel mills to curtail production,
and many operators were inclined to this view. Any
how the market went down and was not slow about
it either.
On this coast conditions remain as heretofore. If
business has become less eager and vast in the East
this market has thus far shown little sympathy. True,
the grain markets have gone down during the past
f-w days, but canned and dried fruits, hops, wool,
butter and eggs and beans have either gone up or
pointed toward a rise, so the net balance of the farm
produce, on which we all so largely depend here, re
trmrs about as "before. Real estate continues active
and the stock of money among merchants, banks and
the jrcneri.! public, seems as large and accessible as at
any time during the past five years, so the inference
is natural that no matter what is going on elsewhere
we are, all right.
Another negative feature is the comparatively few
complaints of car shortage, though it must not be
forgotten that the corn and cotton crops are late and
that the railroads have greatly added to their rolling
stock during the past two years. The gain in rail
road earnings thus far in September is 8.7 per cent
over September, 1002. and 17.2 per cent over 1901.
The zenith in these railroad earnings has undoubt
edly been passed, for the volume of trade throughout
the country is not as large as last year, nor is the
demand for all sorts of merchandise so lively and in
sistent for immediate deliveries. In fact announce
ments cf a partial and often complete closing down of
a line of mills or factories are constantly received
from widely distant parts of the country and no more
talk of a scarcity of labor is heard. It is beginning
to be the other way.
The bank clearings of the country decreased last
week 24.9 per cent as compared with the same week
last year, with abont half of the largest cities on the
wrong side of the exhibit. The aggregate clearings
were $l,774.;i7,ooo. The failures were 232, against
207 last year. The city of New York reports notable
quietness in jreneral trade.
TRADE showed more variety last week than for
weeks back. The midsummer lethargy has
bten succeeded by the regular fall movement,
and from now on we may expect less monotony and
more lluctuation.
It must be admitted, however, that the general
tenor of the week was rather negative than other
wise. That merchants are getting cautious and that
the demand for goods is not as sharp as it was a year
«*go is shown by the increased ability of the mills and
:actories to make prompt deliveries, whereas for sev
eral years back the buyers have been clamoring for
their goods, often in vain. In other words produc
tion is catching up with consumption. In fact in
some lines it has not only caught up with but actually
passed it. This is especially noticeable in iron and
steel and coal, a number of furnaces and mines having
during the past two or three days announced that
they would hereafter run on diminished time or close
down altogether in order to keep the markets from
getting overstocked. Against this, however, is to be
noted increased activity among the cotton mills and
excellent reports from the footwear factories.
MORE VARiEiY iO TrtADE
It has been the custom of Americans to make short
work of bolters even when they break away in an
open and manly fashion. When the silver question
disturbed the country in 1896 Republicans did not
grant leave of absence even to so honored a states
man as Senator Teller; neither did the Democrats
grant leave of absence to Grover Cleveland. In each
case the bolter was read out of the party. Why should
there be a more lenient dealing' with a man who with
out honesty enough to stand for his convictions tries
to sneak away under pretense of a leave of absence?
There is but one dignified and simple course open
to the advisory council and that is to expel the
traitor. The granting of a leave of absence in a case
of this kind would be to turn politics into a farce.
Ruef is either a Republican or he is not. If he be
not a Republican, if he has been intriguing against
the party all the time he has been holding a place
in the councils of the league and a seat in the con
vention, then he should now be let out by being
kicked out
forward honesty of the American people has required
that a politician either support his party ticket or bolt
it. He has had to take some such honest, above
board course or get out of politics. Ruef hasn't the
honesty or the manliness to do either the one or the
other. He is a member of the Republican League,
t
he has shared in its councils, he was a delegate to
the Republican convention and took part in all its
proceedings. Now he purposes to betray the party,
but with a cunning that surely was engendered in his
gall rather than in his brain he asks to be granted
opportunity to commit the betrayal while enjoying a
leave ,oi absence.
The possibilities of the new trick are numerous.
Why should not the league take into its councils all
the Democratic and the Labor party bosses during
off years, give them a voice in every arrangement
made for the next election, permit them to sit as dele
gates in the nominating convention of the party and
then when the lines are drawn and the campaign and
the canvassing are about to begin graciously grant
them leave of absence to fight the ticket?
If Benedict Arnold had had the gall of Ruef he
might have made his little treason quite safe by
asking Washington for a leave of absence while nego
tiating the surrender of West Point.
SOMETHING new in politics has been fur
nished by the versatile Abe Ruef. Finding
himself insecurely balanced on a slender rope
of his own manufacture stretched across the chasm
that separates the Republican party from the Labor
party, he has had the happy thought of applying to
the Republican League for leave of absence until No
vember 3. His letter is in the hands of officers of
the league and will be considered at a meeting of the
advisory council this evening.
The request embodied in the letter will doubtless
surprise the council. It will certainly present an alto
gether new issue in political tactics and political
morals. In times past the common-sense and straight-
REQUESTS A FURLOUGH.
A middle-aged man who was caught in this city
the other day in the commission of a daring offense
proved on inquiry that he had been a criminal ever
since he had reached years of discretion and had
spent most of his' days as a convict. What a shame
it would be to interrupt the course of a career so
deliberately chosen and so consistently pursued.
Wedding Anniversary in Vallejo.
VALLEJO, Sept. 27.—Mr. and Mrs. Jef
feris of Oakland yesterday celebrated the
fiftieth anniversary of their marriage at
the home of their son-in-law and daugh
ter, Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Fitzgerald, 429
Monterey street. Mr. Jefferis is an old em
ploye of the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company and his children all live in Va
llejo. Mr. and Mrs. Jefferis were married
in Philadelphia, Pa., September 26, 1S53,
and shortly afterward came to California,
where they have since resided. Three
daughters, one son, thirteen grandchil
dren and one great grandchild, together
with many tried and true friends of the
happy couple wished them many more
years of life together. Mr. and Mrs. Jef
feris were assisted In receiving their old
friends by their daughters, Mrs. J. A.
Fitzgerald, Mrs. Albert Hodges and Mrs.
W. J. Corwin, and their son, E. P. Jef
feris. Mr. Jefferis Is an old memeber of
the I. O. O. F. and is identified with their
work both in Vallejo and Oakland. He is
past grand of San Pablo Lodge, Vallejo,
of which lodge his son, E. P. Jefferis,
and his grandson, C. A. Fitzgerald, are
also past grands.
The number of vessels to be laid down during the present
fiscal yaar in tho French navy totals seventy, but fifty of this
number are torpedo-boats and sixteen are destroyers, leav
ing only four fighting ships of heavy class to be built. Of the
latter one is an armored cruiser of the Ernest Renan type,
to be built at Brest. The new cruiser's dimensions are 523
feet 4 inches in length, 71 feet '2 inches breadth; the displace
ment is 13,644 tons; the engines are triple screw, of 36,000 horse
power, to give a speed of 23 knots. The destroyers art- to be
of an Improved Stylet type, of 335 tons and 7200 horsepower,
with a speed of 20 knots. The torpedo-boats are 126 feet 8
inches in length an.d of 26 knots speed.
The French armored cruiser Dupuy de Lome, the first
pea-going naval vessel fitted with triple screws, is to have
her Normand boilers removed and Fox boilers substituted.
It Is claimed that this change will effect a saving in weight
'of 250 tons, which, given to coal, will increase the ship's
crulsnig capacity to 13,000 miles at 10 knot3 speed.
The French Admiralty has abolished the full dress uni
form in the navy except for general officers and high of
ficials. It alms at greater simplicity and saving of expense
to the poorly paid lower grades.
During the recent British naval maneuvers four ships in
the three fleets were equipped with the Cody system of aero
plane or box kites. The kite consists of a bamboo frame,
over which' is stretched a material like silk alpaca. On the
Bachante one kite was sent up as a pilot and another took
up an aerial wire, which was connected with the wireless
telegraphy apparatus en the deck of the ship. The kite was
carried to a height of 300 feet and messages were sent and
received for a distance of 110 miles. The use of the kite pave
a considerable advantage, as the usual distance of ship com
munication is about sixty-five miles.
An order head«>d "Slackness and Inefficiency" has been
posted at Davenport dockyard by Rear Admiral W. H. Hen
derson, admiral superintendent, which reads as follows: "A
list is to te Eent to me on the first of every month by each
department of men who show themselves slack or inefficient
and whose services in the- Interest of the country it is not
desirable to retain. I hold the officers down through all
grades responsible for the efficiency of their workmen. • • •
Care is to be taken that no men discharged for misconduct
from the navy, marines, army or any public service are to be
entered in the dockyard."
company, testific-rl In court, where compensation was to
be fixed for release of the land, that he made on an average
a profit of 150 to 200 per cent on contracts with the arsenal.
On articles of his own invention he made as much as 500 per
cent. An article known as the "simplex" wind gauge, which
cost him $2 25, he sold at $13 50, while on another article, with
a Bmall turnover, the profit worked out at 800 per cent.
The Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve as created by the
recent naval force act provides for the, enrollment of divis
ions of not less than COO men each at the most important
ports. They arc liable to serve anywhere with the under
standing that their services shall not extend beyond home
waters and the Mediterranean. This volunteer force will lie
under the order of the admiral commanding the Coastguard
and Reserve, and will take precedence immediately after the
Royal Naval Reserve. Each division will be under the com
mand of a lieutenant and under him there will be two sub
lieutenants and one midshipman for each of the five com
panies comrjosing the division. A capitation allowance of
5S 75 annually will be granted to each member and additional
premiums, ranging from $7 50 to $20 annually, to such as may
obtain certificates of proficiency in gunnery, engine-room
work, electricity, signaling and telegraphy.
SOME of the Government contractors In Great Britain
derite enormous profits on their work. A gunsmith at
Woolwich, whose property was wanted by a railway
Secretary Moody administers a severe rebuke to the tw>
naval courts which acquitted Ensign Ward K. Wortman of
the charge of negligence at the time of the explosion of the
eight-inch gun on the battleship Massachusetts, which re
sulted In the' death cf nine sailors. In accordance with the
usual customs of the navy a court of Inquiry was held, and
this court recommended that no further proceedings bo tak
en, but the Secretary nevertheless ordered a court-martial.
The latter acquitted Ensign Wortman and he was condition
ally returned to duty on March 17 last. Secretary Moody'*
review of the case, rendered September 13, is quite lengthy;
It refers to the responsibility resting upon officers, and con
cludes as follows; "After a careful review of all the evidence.
I am of the opinion that the accused failed to exercise tha
care which was required of him: that In giving the order to
open the breech of the gun, under the circumstances which
the evidence proves, he was negligent; that the death of nine
men resulted from his negligence, and that in what he dltl
and failed to do In the premises he was guilty of culpable
inefficiency in the performance of duty. • • • The finding
of the court is disapproved. There is no power to set aside
the verdict of acquittal. • • • Ensign Wortman is hereby
fully restored to duty." The best course for Wortman to
take would be to resign from the service In which his- useful
ness as an officer has ceased.
The "blue book." containing the regulations governing tho
United States navy. Is constantly being changed, so much aa
to make the edition of March 23. 1300. practically obsolil".
Since 1S65 the Navy Department has issued no less than si:c
compilations of navy regulations, namely: 1SC5, 1870. 1*7".
1893, 1£96 and 1DCC. That of 1S93 was almost an exact tran
script of the British navy regulations of 1S79 in so far 3 +
related to discipline. It Is almost time for another edition,
as the additional rules and changes made nearly equal the
contents of the 1900 Issue. Our Navy Department might fol
low the plan of the British Admiralty with benefit to tho per
sonnel of our navy, which consists in printing pay tables and
other regulations, differing from those originally establish^
In 1ST9, In the- quarterly published navy list. In our navy the
navy register "is Issued In January and July and the addition
of new laws and regulations made In the Interval would be
much more convenient to the persons interested than tha
present method of intermittent publications on loose sheet*.
The latest changes In the navy regulations amend prior
methods of appointments In the navy and marine corps. Ap
pointments to the lowest grade (ensign) of the line «hall be
made from those midshipmen who successfully complete tha
six years' course at the Naval Academy, and there may be
not exceeding twelve promotions during each calendar year
from the boatswains, gunners and .warrant machinists. No
warrant officer over 3a years of age, or who has served Ies3
than six years as a warrant officer, or who Is not recom
mended by the commanding officer under •whom he has served,
ehall be appointed an ensign: nor shall such promotion be
made until he shall have passed a competitive examination.
The law of March 3, 1901. provided for the yearly appoint
ment of six warrant officers to the grade of ensign, but thus
far only two gunners, Soule and Martin, have become en
signs from July, 1901; others have tried and failed, becauso
the commanding officers have not recommended their promo
tion. The great majority of Naval Academy graduates op
pose the entry of warrant officers into the line upon thi
ground that such would-be line officers, while they may be
professionally, physically and morally qualified, still lack th->
social attainments requisite in a wardroom officer, and thus
the law becomes Inoperative through the passive, resistance at
the regular line officers. Officers in the marine corps are to
bo selected: First, from four years" midshipmen at th« Naval
Academy as far as practicable; second, from meritorious
non-commissioned officers of the marine corps; third, from
civil life. Appointments from the second and third of the
above classes must, when appointed, be between the ages of
21 and 27 years.
MONDAY ..SEPTEMBER 28, 1903
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. £
Address All CommunlcatloQs to W. S. LE AH E. Mono get
~te£eph6'ne.
Ask for THE CALL. The Will Connect
Tcu "With the Department Ton Wish.
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week, 75. Ct».
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Terms br Mall. Including Poitase (Cash With Order):
DAILT CALL (Including Sunday), one year ?9.OO
DAILT CALL (lncludSnir Punday), 0 month* 4 -°°
DAJLT CALL— Bv Single Month 75c
SUNDAY CALL. One Tear S- 50
WEEKLY CALL. One Year 1 -°°
f Dally... S8.SO Per Tear Extra
FOREIGN POSTAGE \ Sunday.. 4.15 Per Year Extra
t Weekly.. l.OO Per Year Extra
All poitmaitrri are authorised to receive
NubRcrlptlona.
Ean-.ple copiei uill be forwarded when requested.
M«:l msb9cr1b<T» !n ordering cfcanir* of addr»M should be
'particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
"HIS Drondnav Telephone Main 10S3
iu:hki:ij:v office.
214.8 Center Street Telephone North 7T
C. GEORGE KROGXESS, Manager Foreign Adver
tlitnc. Marqnette Kullillnfr. CblcaRO.
\u2666 Long Distance Telephon; "Central 2619.")
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
J1ORTO\ E. C&UB 14OG <1 Street, W. W.
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE :
STEPHEN II. SMITH 30 Tribune Dalltllng
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAIIL.TOX Herald Square
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue Hotel and Hoffman Hcuse.
BHANClf OFFICES— ilT Montgomery, corner cf Clay, open
uctll »:S0 o'clock. 300 Hiy«. oj— n until 9:30 o'clock. «33
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. CIS Laxkln. open until
8:80 o'clock. 1041 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. ltt»3 Va
lencia, open until a o'clock. 10<t Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NE. corner Church an<1 Duncan atreeta. op?n
until 3 o'clock. KW, corner Twenty-second and Kentucky,
open until 9 o'clock. 1200 Fillmore, open until 9 o'clock.
In no event can the acquisition of this public utility
be considered an experiment. From any point of
view it is bound certainly to cause to the city a loss
and therefore an additional burden upon the tax
payers.
What compensation is offered to counterbalance
this certain financial loss? The city does not promise
a better road, as it has based its estimates on the fact
that it can use the present road, converting it from
a cable road to a conduit electric road. This would
be done by any private owner under the franchise.
It does not promise cheaper fares and cannot do so
because upon the basis of the present 5-cent fare the
City Engineer has based all his estimates, and yet
upon such estimates there would be a financial loss.
It cannot promise better service than a private
owner would furnish because such service is not fur
nished in any department of municipal, State or Fed
eral government.
In asking the people to vote for the issue of bonds
for public improvements, such as parks, school
houses, streets, sewers and hospitals, the people are
asked to tax themselves for purposes of exclusively
governmental nature such as must be constructed
and furnished by the public generally or not at all.
In asking the people to vote for bonds to construct
or operate a street railroad the people are asked to
tax themselves for the purpose of enabling the mu
nicipal government to go into a business that pri
vate capital stands ready to undertake and which the
people have no business to undertake in view of the
universal incompetence of government to conduct
any business economically and efficiently. There is
no department of government, municipal, State or
Federal, that could not be more economically and ef
ficiently conducted by private enterprise, and yet the
Government must conduct it. The same reason does
not exist for the Government conducting any enter
prise not governmental in its nature.
"We believe, however, that if all the money pro
posed to be paid into this enterprise is to be lost the
bonds still should be voted for."
This is a c,andid statement and informs the tax
payers of the real nature of the movement for the ac
quisition by the city of public utilities, namely, that
it is a socialistic movement, whereby socialism is to
enter into our form of government and in time drive
out that individualism that has made this country so
powerful and its 'people so prosperous. In other
words the taxpayers are asked to vote to burden
themselves, with a mortgage of upward of a mil
lion dollars, in order that the city may undertake an
enterprise that it is officially informed by its own
expert will cost it a loss of about forty thousand
dollars a year, "and possibly a loss of a million in
all, an enterprise that private capital stands ready
to undertake and pay the city for the privilege.
The advocates of municipal ownership further
say that if the Geary-street road under municipal
management should prove to be a losing venture,
the road with its equipment can be sold in a single
day for more than it can possibly cost.
We would be very much obliged if any one can
show us how this solution of the question can be
accomplished.
Under the charter the Board of Supervisors are
authorized to sell at public auction personal prop
erty unfit or unnecessary for the use of the city and
county. If the city should wish to sell any 61 the
personal property connected with this road, such
as wires, machinery an d cars, f no one is insane
enough to believe that any one would pur
chase second-hand material for as much as its
original cost. No one in even a municipal govern
ment would be guilty of such an absurdity.
After any one had purchased this equipment, such
person could not use it in operating the road until he
had obtained a franchise under the charter. The
charter provisions provide as compensation for
such a franchise the payment of a certain percent
age cf the gross receipts. No other compensation
is authorized. The same result would follow if the
city, instead of selling the equipment, should lease
the rond. In either case it would not be able to
sell that which cost so much money to acquire,
namely, the road itself.
We doubt the power of the Board of Supervisors
to lease the road. The charter provides for leas
ing a street railroad only when the road has re
verted to the city upon the expiration of a franchise.
This would not be that case.
The city, therefore, could neither sell the road
nor lease it. The utmost it could do would be to
grant a franchise to a private corporation to oper
ate it. No private corporation would bid more than
is requisite under the charter, which would be not
to exceed eight or nine thousand dollars a year.
This with taxes would not exceed $20,000 a year.
In the meantime the city would remain liable under
its bonds. It would have to pay annually in interest
and sinking fund about double the sum it would re
ceive. The utmost benefit it could hope for would
be that its receipts would eventually pay the interest
on its bonds. The net result would be that it would
certainly have to raise by taxation the entire cost of
the road.
THE advocates of the municipal ownership of
the Geary-street road have finally been driven
to make the following statement:
FAT ARE THE PROFITS OF CONTRACTORS
IN THE NAVAL YARDS OF GREAT BRITAIN
real chateau and vineyards. They may also be.ob
tained from some grocery firms and big restaurants
that have agents on the other, side."
Perhaps the consumers of French wines in the
East may be comforted by the assurance that they
drink only 20 per cent of falsely labeled wines, but
there will remain a suspicion concerning the char
acter of every bottle of such wine so long as one in
every five is adulterated stuff instead of genuine vin
tage. It is curious, however, to learn that the
bureau of chemistry is finding some difficulty in de
ciding which is spurious and which is genuine. A
report says: "Chemical analysis will not determine
whether a particular consignment of claret has been
given the label of some famous chateau or whether
a Scotch whisky is a blend. After consulting with
experts, including the man in charge of the spirits de
partment of the army and navy stores in London,
Dr. Wiley has determined that the only way in which
false labeling of this character can be guarded
against is by stationing experts attached to the con
sulates at the principal ports from which these «'ines"
and liquors are shipped and requiring them to keep
so in touch with the situation as to be able to certify
whether or not the wines or liquors in question are
what the labels describe them as being."
As it stands the controversy is interesting, and it is
to be hoped the people of New. York will have sense
enough to perceive the true moral of the situation
and recognize that the only sure way of getting good
wine and pure wine is to purchase that of California.
THE GEARY-STREET ROAD.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 28. 1903.
4
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
BINO WORM AND DANDRUFF.
They Are Each Caused by a Pestif-
erous Germ.
Ringworm and dandruff are somewhat
similar in their origin— each Is caused by
a parasite. The germ that causes dandruff
digs to the root of the hair and saps Its
vitality, causing falling hair, and finally
baldness. Without dandruff there would
never be baldness, and to cure dandruff
it is necessary to kill the germ. There has
been no hair preparation that would do
this until the discovery of Newbro's Herp-
lclde. which positively kills the dandruff
perm, allays Itching instantly and makes
hair. glossy and soft as silk. Take no sub-
stitutes. There is nothing "just as good."
Sold by leading druggists. Send 10c in
stamps for sample to The Herpicide Co.,
Detroit. Mich.
CASTOR I A
For Infanta and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Sears tho STsi ' s [ f&jj m^^^^ m
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Either Style [
There are so many satisfied ' y ' f^T I
wearers of our $1.95 hats, we are " '*' ; ':' :- '\ : . : .-v : ::"p V; : -* I
sure they will be pleased to learn '§= |
of a new shipment which just [ I
arrived from the factory. 1!
We consider this lot the best at the price we have everjjg
received. They comprise all styles and colors in soft and stjflfl
shapes. ' gM v -^
We picture two of the many styles. Each is inI» T r.vS:f >
height of fashion and the price makes it easily affofK^||fl
They are the equal of any $2.50 hats. We guaranWheKJEB
be so. . Money back or a new hat free is our S uaran %J^5pj|
Out-of-town orders filled— write us. \€
740 Market Street.John Down. 233 Harriet street, was ar
rested yesterday morning by Patrolman
O'Connor and charged with assault with
a deadly weapon. Down struck his wife
on the head with a teapot during a little
family mix-up.
Hits Wife With Teapot.
Lundy carries largest stock 18-k. plain
rlr.g» in the city. 4 Third street •
The members of the Outdoor Art
league will hold a meeting. this afternoon
at 3 o'clock at the rooms of the Sorosis
Club, 1G20 California street. Rev. Father
Carraher of St. Francis Church will de
liver a lecture on the necessity of pre
tttvlng Telegraph Hill.
Outdoor Art League Will Meet.
If you will order your engraved invi
tations, announcements, visiting cards
and fine stationery from us. you will get
the best work and me lowest prices.
Sanborn. Vail & Co.. 741 Market street.*
Stationery and Printing.
Henry Frank of New York City de
livered an address yesterday morning at
Golden Gate Hall, his theme being "Man,
the Conoueror of the Universe." The
speaker dealt with the relations of capi
tal and labor and criticized the acts of
unions, as well as those of combined
capital. Frank is the founder of the In
dependent Liberal Society of the New
Thought, and has delivered a number of
lectures in the past six weeks in this
city. He returns to -the East to-day.
Lrectures on Social Conditions.
Rain was not needed and will result In
damage to beans and grain crops now
being harvested. The bean crop in this
county is estimated at 75.000 sacks, but a
continuance of the rain will materially re
duce this estimate.
SANTA ANA, Sept. 27.— The first rain
of the season fell to-day. Gentle showers
began to fall early this morning and con
tinued throughout the day. The total pre
cipitation up to 6 o'clock this evening was
about .25 inch. Conditions are favorable
for a continuance of the showers to-night.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 27.— After three
days of cloudy, threatening weather the
first rain of the season began to fall here
early this morning and continued through
cut the day. Up to 5 o'clock this evening
the Government Weather Bureau reported
a precipitation o5 .22 inch. Rain contin
ues to-night in gentle showers with no in
dication? of clearing off.
A storm at this time will result in ser
ious damage to the bean crop if clearing
weather does not' immediately follow.
Harvesting of 7000 acres in the Santa Mon
ica district was to have begun Monday,
but the storm will interfere with these
plans and may result in serious damage
to the crop. It Is estimated that more
than IO0.O0U packs will be harvested In the
Santa Monica district. The demand for
California bf-ans is said to be strong in
the East and early rains will greatly in
crease the price. The crop has thus far
sold at 3 to 3 1 * cents per pound. The rain,
if continued, will greatly increase these
figures.
The disturbance appears to be confined
to narrow limits.. Up to a late hour to
night no rain had fallen at San Diego on
the south and Ventura on the north, al
though cloudy, threatening weather pre
vails all over Southern California. Hay
will suffer some, but the greater part of
the crop 1? cared for, cither being baled
or stacked.
Sudden ShowersAround
Los Angeles Sur
prise Farmers.
The Chutes presents a new vaudeville
bill this evening in addition to the many
regular attractions of the resort.
Fischer's Theater offers Its patrons this
week a continuation of the burlesques.
"The Glad Hand" and "The Con-Curers."
L. R. Stockwell makes his appearance
this evening at the Central in Hoyt's
famous comedy. "A Temperance Town*"
Florence Roberts will be seen to-night
at the Alcazar in the play "Zaza," -which
is.thu bill for the week.
Frohman's company of English players
will give performances of : "Twelfth
Night" at Lyric Hall to-night and to
morrow afternoon and evening.
The musical comedy, "The Prince of
Pilsen," will commence its second week
to-night at the Columbia.
* * *
The bill at the- Tivoll . this week will
consist of the grand operas "Carmen"
and "The Barber of Seville," at alternate
performances.
scenes in a Canadian logging camp, beUig
full of life-like surprises 5 .
To live happily and well we should
enjoy life to the fullest extent as the
days go by. A good digestion is of great
assistance and can be easily obtained by
cooking on a gas range bought from the
San Francisco Gas and Electric Co. *
The Orpheum was packed to its utmost
capacity at both performances yesterday
and every number on the new programme
was warmly received. Myles McCarthy,
who last appeared in this city as a star in
a drama by Hall Caine, offered a refresh
ing novelty In his skit. "The Race Tout's
Dream." He was ably assisted by Miss
Aida Woolcott. Alexius, programmed
"the great." certainly lives up to his bill
ing. He gives the most extraordinary
single acrobatic bicycle act ever seen in
this city, performing feats of daring and
skill that almost defy belief. Al Carleton
and Willlard Terre offer a singing and
talking act greatly out of the ordinary,
and abounding in genuine fun. Paulo and
Dika, genuine cafe chantant performers,
scored a great hit in their frothy come
dietta, "A French Frappe." Their rendi
tion of up to date jokes in broken Eng
lish was very funny. Charles Ernest, the
black face monologist and parodist, had
an entirely new routine of Ktories and
songs and his turn was an Improvement
on that of last week. Falke and Semon
introduced several new laughs in their
musical comedy work. E. Rousby's beau
tiful electrical novelty, "In Paris," began
its third and last week and Mario and
Aldo continued their wonderful triple
horizontal bar performance. The motion
pictures were unusually interesting, one,
Christopher Columbus Jr. Fishback, a
colored politician, in the hands of Milt G.
Barlow, was a character treat. The per
formance throughout fully deserved its
hearty reception.
James A. Devlin is the Maverick
Brander, the Texas cattle king, and he
carried the part with a vim that won
for him the highest appreciation. Miss
Mae Bretonne evidently gave her own in
terpretation of Bossy, Brander's pet, and
the artress scored a marked success be
cause the audience quickly discerned that
she had surrounded the part with natural
ness and avoided the extravagant and
soubrettish characteristics that have been
usually associated with the character.
How skillfully the playwright did his
work is evidenced when in these late days
the oiece can command an overflowing
audience, an audience that makes itself
hoarse with laughter just as hoisterously.
indeed, as it did on the first hearing of
the comedy.
The play is presented here with care
and respect for the Hoytian text and the
Hoytian busineHs. and by a company
which is capable of giving the humorous
and ironical lines of the departed author
their fu!l value.
One of the largest audiences of the sea
con cathered at the California Theater
last night, jammed It as full as the law
would allow and gloated and roared over
the late Charles A. Hoyt's remarkable
witty, brilliant comedy, "A Texas Steer."
The master satirist, Hoyt. Justly la
mented, never wrote with more ease,
never weaved such delicate, albeit Sting
ing, satire, and it is no doubt a fact,
never paid so much attention to consecu
tive construction as in his rearing of "A
Texas Steer."
That his reappearance in the city Is wel
come to the play-goers was fully demon
strated yesterday afternoon by the ova
tion which was tendered not only himself
and Miss Chapman but every one of the
familiar faces in the company. To a
small group of friends there was especial
interest in the production, occasioned by
the appearance of Miss Mary Gilman, the
stately Stanford beauty, who attracted so
much attention as the star in the "Knight
of the Burning Pestle" some months ago.
All in all, "A Gentleman of France" is a
good type of the somewhat passe roman
tic plays, and will be enjoyed by those
who have a penchant for the stories of
dim, forgotten days of the old icgime.
Bosides the big fight there are seven
scenes of Kings' palaces, midnight es
capes from gloomy castles and awful am
bushes. Two monarchs of old France,
some Dukes and villains various drag
their swords and click their spurs until
when one goes outside of the enchanted
realm and sees the electric cars and po
licemen he feels that life to-day Is not
what it should be. j
This being the first time that "A Gen
tleman of France" has been produced
west of Chicago, Neill has endeavored to
make its appearance noteworthy. This
he has done from the viewpoint of setting
and costumes. The court scenes are re
markable for the beautifully gowned la
dies in waiting and the scenlcal- appoint
ments. For the somewhat meager oppor
tunities for acting which a typical long
cloak-and-rapier play offers, Neill has ad
equately filled the vacancy by an excel
lent mise en scene.
The gods of the gallery grip their seats
and gurgle with delight at the Grand this
week, for there is a glorious fight in "A
Gentleman of France." The genial James
Neill suddenly becomes an avenging fury
and, armed with a glistening . r-r-rapier
and a blodgy dagger, slays six men In
quick succession and rescues the beautiful
heroine from her enemies.
It is upon the staircase of the chateau
of Monsieur de Bruhl. Gaston de Marsac,
with the calcium glittering from his wav
ing steel, stands at the top of the strip of
red Brussels carpet and meets his caitiff
enemies one by one. The first is speared
in the neck and falls over the balustrade
In a heap. A second, with his cloak about
his face, rushes up the stairs and re
ceives the dagger 'neath his fifth rib. The
third is hit on the head with a. stool. Still
they press on. only to fall with sickening
noise upon the gory floor. At last the
curtain goes down with the Steur de Mar
eac leaning on his trusty blade and the
heroine pressing a rapier against the third
jacket button of one of the wounded vil
lains. Tt is great.
The financial account shows that during
the year there was received $85,565 61; the
expenditures were $52,869 93, leaving a bal
ance of $32,695 6S, from which must bc.de
ducted $S8 50 on account of nam«j stricken
off the rolls for non-payment of dues,
making a net balance of $32,607 18. Of the
amount expended, $39,380 60 was for the
asylum and $12,22S 04 for tne Old People's
Home.
Mr. Levy paid a glowing tribute to the
memories of the late L.ou:s "G^rstle and
Levl Strauss. He added that the depart
ed men had been ereat friends of the or
phanage and that they would be sorely
missed. Mr. Lew thanked the many
benefactors of the home for their chari
table jrlfts to such. a worthy cause.
The election of officers resulted as fol
lows: President, S. W. Levy; vice presi
dent, Sig. Greenobaum: treasure-, I. W.
Hellman; secretary, Meyer H. Levy;
board of trustees — A. Anspacher, J.
Greenebaum, I. W. Hellman, Abe Haas.
Juda Newman.
The board of directors of the Hebrew
Orphan Asylum held its annual meeting
and election of officers yesterday after
noon at the orphanage. Devlsadero and
Hayes streets. It was a sort of gala day
for the little ones and many visitors were
admitted within the walls.
President S. W. Levy read tha annual
report and delivered a short address. Mr.
Levy stated that the orphanage was In a
flourishing condition at the present time
and the accounts for the' year showed a
large balance. Many Improvements have
been made at the home, till, at the pres
ent time, it is more complete than ever
before.
Directors Hold Annual Meet
and Discuss Financial
Report.
New Bill at the Orpheum
Full of Amusing
Features.
Hebrew Orphan Asylum
Is in a Flourishing
Condition.
Hoyt's "A Texas Steer"
Is Given Rousing
Reception.
SPLENDID PLAY
AT THE GRAND
HOMELESS WAIFS
WELL CARED FOB
(Class "L")
City of Mexico, Sept. 24, 1903.
' N'o. Prize.! No. Prize. \ No. Prize.
2S9 40 S10 20; 327 20
438 loo 506 20: »« 20
:22 «u 7M 2<> 82:J 20
«l>4 2i«' 910 ' 2(>i 9€2 20
U«7 ](«, 1 2 45 »»j 1S07 20
1C77 Jof> 173»I.... 20 1»O* "°
Ib97 £t ,' is*,* K«'i 2<>n -<>
l.'OtA..... 4,V «!f,2 20, 4U
»8S loo M i5 40| 2722 40
- H .U0 40 2H47 40! 3>ni -0
•'."\u25a0J3 2oi SIM 20; S221 -<•
3^92 2<> SlfWi 2«'i :«32 2J
itKK. S4«2 2<> 3548 40
."'.^36 4,.: Sir7fi 40 3*41 «°
i*ti2 3yv» 2o; 4O.J4 20
CS2 «d«2S3 100) 4331 l"0
4341 20 4563 20 4013 100
47G4 £0, 4S36 2"i 4900 »
4959 40 49bt> «O\ 49S5 -K>
49»8 4ft I but* 20 6125 *0
M70 4O 52i« 2O 2°
7.449 2<> r..'KW lOOi 50S5 20
1,759 2O : P«*l 40: 6«>S 2<sO
C218 40| 6343 4U; 0403 20
C470 9M 65M »«> 2W)
*<-7M...... 10UK <*35 lWi «*05 40
7083 500 7091 2<» ' 10 * 20
7254 40 7315 20: 7409 40
741« $o\ ~*~>* "* Oi 74C8 -°
7.'>«-.... 5o «M 20| 7618 40
7853..... • 4<>' 78.52 lOOi 7913 40
K*>-J 600' KS51 40 8S93 60(K<0
. H?42 40; (S94S 40] «013 20
81WJ 4O 1 U271..... 1*0; 0401 20
«.m45 2tt 9C.72 100, 0676 40
N7O8 4OJ 9754 2O. 9bl0 40
MID * 2" »!»M> 20 10018 20
Jt*m I'O.IOH* 20;103«l 20
10417 40 10521 20 10829 20
10S33..-.. 20 10*45 20; 10052 20
Utm 20,11121 4011134, 20
3127» 1(K< 11352 40,li:lC3 20
li:«K> 2^t 11400 20 11431 20
Jlij^i 2t>119«>5 20 12073 20
1C.XP4 4O125O3 2l> 12535 20
:^.'.7.{ S(». 12583 2O'125ft» 20
li.'7O2 20;i2S71 40 12954 100
l-'Wa 20 12903 20 130ol 1<X)
1.U89 20!l3241 40 13247 20
i:>2J-l 20A3321 20.1342G 20
1.1454 2<V13:>42 20 13582 4U
l'<«34 20 1UCC1 20 13727 4O
1^740 40 137C9 2<> 13S22 HH)
14019 2O 14173 4(> 14.TI>3 2O
34402 20 14519 200 14544 20
34562 200 14S18 40 14M3 20
HS91 20 '15033 100 15279 20
1W24 4015774 2W1S838 40
J5KR4 20il5S»4 4u 15W21 20
3OOII1 4O 1«143 20 1«2S2 20
. «C2 40 1C378 20 10.1ft 1 20
J64VS 2ft 104C5 20'l»'.595 40
llWSKG 40 VSS12 20 16S78 40
17209 40 172** 1 ? 40 173S0 40
77493 2<>'1?623 40 176C8 20
i7fc28 ino"17W5 20 1S0S2 20
:*ir.9 40 'Ifi2.'t« 20 1S2*S! 40
3K9n2 40 1K3S0 40 1S3S9 40
IS54S 20 1S5«0 40 lMEJfl 4<>
V«745..... 20 1KS35 2C> lfB«S« "0
3»I17 20 191 50 n«V> lClfi.*? 40
19211.. ..; 2019252 2019421 20
19457 20 19540 20 19550 20
39554..'... 2<> 19G55 20.19«'.M 20
•19724 20 19807 100 19^77 20
109O3 # 40 2f«i.'.'9 100 200*5 40
£nie» 20 2f>2Sl 40'2<>4*6 20
2OMC 40 2i»547 20 £0573 4O
f<"i«54 20 20700 10»> 2D735 2n
2f*71 20 2U903 i. 1 '"' "<^>2O "0
208S0 20 21090 M 21108 Wt
T121R lfifi 212S0 4ft212.'.7 20
21295 2f;f'21. i :s7 20J21501 100
21703....'. 4fi 2192<! 20 22014 40
r2"CS...... "" iI2 r^6 2f 2-Sft2 20
; r2X»4 :• 2" 22442 9A'2S4<M 40
r»570 2O 22710 2<«» 22S.'^2 40
JrtO'231'^9. ... I" 11 C'<17'» 20
I'.i**. 40 TM\'2 20'
2T>.V.« 20 23t»f> 20 23793 20
°~'.'M$ • 202^917 4^ 2-'5945 40
24(V)0 100 24077 40 2 1290 p 40
2*4^ 20 2447<« 20124633 -'0
24KV1..... CO 25«"> l >4 2f 25142 **O
c :.".»: :. 4O 25330 2O'25*4S» 20
2.%4Til .; S0J29SS3 4f! 25>5K2 20
2?'^70t.*. .. 2tV2r»902 20I2W18 \u25a0_*'>
. yJKSt. 20 2»;i27 1 < « t 2f,2Ci 40
2'I.".VX .... 20 ' 26557 40 2"7O«i 1 \u25a0 0
2^1J!....*. 40'2«'Js.*2 2'' 2t":s94 40
27W7 20 272<«»5 20 27" IS 40
27345 2027436 -»0 2764.% 4<t
. 2HT;r,5 4f>'27«£« Hrf»'27OH> "JO
27001..... •• 20 2771'i 2') 27937 "il
2<iK!> 4U2M50 S0f28317 20
2'<*7l <f'2vr.u7 40 2«»3i2 40
2.^713 2n2^T9 20 2902*1 20
1T.C22 4d 292F» 40 29.T{fS 2H
* 2^i.1~7 20 20437 4<> 29542 10")0
2^14 2f> 2!^>.V{ 10<> lf!r»70 2ft
* 2" ."tf!27o 40 :jnr:74 -JO
•Jif^SW, .... tfift 3«»JO7 2<> 3TX5S0 40
3*«fl4..". .! *200!3««42 1 f Kl . 'J0913 2("
1 BOOtS. . . .". 40 .»94<i 2O430B87 20
31011 2O'3Km 20 3H52 20
- 212<;if. 4031271 20 J1367 20
31372 * 11131405 40315S1 40;
•l<n<W.... 2O3K12"* 40.31*;41 l«ft
;.f727 2"'3in2!> 20UT19G4 4O
ai?»{>7 20 32*-*W> -<\u25a0 32r,S7 2ft
S2C1S •• 1< K> 32<CS 40 :32<i7 20
3C747...i: 20:32»i«r7 20*33031 10ft
:til51 40TK34*? 20133394 20
Jt".r,42 2O'^TW5 2OiS3n< 40
' -V7K5...*. 20 3*003 20 34192 2"'
• 34473 2O34fil» 20 34735 lift
34>05 4f> 34SJO 40 34H34 20
S&wiB..... lOOtSSOM 2<»-"^i21« 2c<)
.";.V;fi7. . .%. 40 354ft* 20135514! CO
SSSM.*... *0i85573 40'35«;H3 100
3.'.;99.v... 2O'.T5ttS 20135865 2<>
VE5J33 20' 30094 20136162 . - 40
36257 a'^fMOS I00T36484 20
h«723 *0!36R40 4<>':{fK¥l3 40
S7Uft. . ... * 1<«» :;72»i« 2<": 37301 20
:tI4*« •- • 2O 37579 1<«> 37501 L'rt
V.77M* 4O1XT7O4 4OI37S10 40
.•!7»>*3 100 37»10 COC8O1S 100
O r;s23« 4'iO?.^2fi<> 2O13S434 40
3K500 10f>;3Vi01 4«> 30202 40
KCfcti 2fl .".9415 4( .'5:i 139 20
3f»**O I00QS443 2CJS9S72^ i'*>
3:»63ft 1<V» :Wrt7 2O|39674 SO
:;r#«75 2o!-T97S« i(*> 40090 20
4V»10« 2Oi*ft2O7 4O.4O3«« 1<«I
4<>409 . 20140412 2U 4fm« 2ft
4f»4fil....". * 20 40513 20140C59 20
<-C>-4 2f»'4"7s9 20 40892 20 '
41C.V> 20 41137 40 411»i« 40
411K2 • SliftUllM 2f«' 412^:: 1<pO
4K.43 20 41355 S0I41Z83 2« !
4i:»l ....... 2041440 100)41684 4ft
41€S5 20 ilftO" 2OI43O14 2» :
42200..*./. 20 4222S 20142252 4ft j
4 2366 " 40 42422 M142449 ICO!
424B4 40 424*43 &f:' 12905 4«« j
'42S38 40 4:214 4i>4.:^4. r . 40 i
.43273 Iftf»i43352 20 4347'i SiO |
4rt576...,. 2<V*3C55 2«> 44C57 20 1
44JO2 Iftft4411ft 4ft 441 2* 4'i !
4^220 20 44223. »... 2OI44330 29 I
44.TS7 20144378 20 44541 40 j
44H47 20 44«'.W? 20 449".<i 20'
44971 4O4. r .J«;S 2O'452.'>3 40 j
=45270..*.. 40145455 100148464 2*V> !
4.*.V>4 2<> .4R7.MS 4<t : 45fc24 2ft j
45»<2R 2ft 4.V.W 4ft iPXrjf- 2ft I
«'<>44 2O4*StlR 2f'««iT. > 9 «>0
4<T»1 ...*.. 2f> 4«4»« 1 ftft 4W-v2 40
\u2666^777 2O4W>7 2OI4e9«4 2'>
4^999 40 47020 20147039 2<»
471S3 4047224 40*7*4 100
473M 2<i 47.".57 4ft 474ft7 20 I
47497 20 4767K 2O'477«3 2't !
' 477R2 4ft «7K2> 2f. 47«.".2 ]nn I
S 47997 • 2*M K !70 20 4<«2»<6 lfx<t
4V24 1'*' <>-*27 2ft 4Sr,22 20
4*.vr7..... 2OJ4K47 2C|4«647 20
4KIT7P..... IWiMf« 2f>'4S^7» 40
•491M 40 49«fJ5 4C;4S703 2n
r.ftfv4S 100 501 S2 4f> T/J215 20
£ft442 40 .'iOVB 2Ofl.Vt.Vt5 'Ji)
'Hf7'2fr: 2016OT31 100!8O773 4i>
Wl»f7...:. 405143S 2ft.M4*<t 200
514<TJ 20M472 SOi51S20 201
r.lWO 20151880 2ft. '.1937 21 i
T4JO43 2fior210l 10*v.Ti2i:;i ico
K1f2...*. 40'521W» 20:82257 40 !
tdlS 4<f 5244« 20152532 40 I
r2f.W> ..... 4«' 52*503 f/!0 r,2«-Cl 20 i
B2OCI..:.. 4ft r,28H3 2052«i0 40
r.:«*i90 201531 1« 20 53129 2ft
.Vtl33...,. 40.532f.« 4A5rtl4 4ft
raxa 20 .VJ403 20 M5w 20
ftSCll ..*... 4O.. r »3(W57 '. 20 537C8 20 I
•M779..,.. *O537M) 40 5?A57 1000ft
T.:',UM 20 54041 40 5424S JftO
MM 2ft 54*21 4ft 54538 44)
f,*54» lflft!5457n lftft 5*W> 20
54344 100I549S9 80154894 40
K1155..*.. J<iO:.',52I3 200<aS631 20ft
, r.W5» 20'5,'.t»0 40 53718 100
rr^a7..,.. n«!.v;i»4 2o.v;«2R 40
5«»o« 4o:s7om» 10057122 100
. 571*5 2O'R7.VW 20i57519 40
•577r.1 40*57817 2O:SM22 2 ft
f*e«W» 2OM172 4ft f*lMj 20
r-RlW 4ft5S292 40-.VBM jr>0
RKS76 ' 40IRR4R9 40I5S530 £,,
' :mi; 2OJ5R5R9 2f. r.?»f^>« 40
!w.K2.*.'."I 2OB»429.".I 20'5956»"*"" 2ft
T£«3g 100T,ft«52 1O0.R9743 40
53850 2< ft 59*59 Rf>ft 6002T, 4( ,
«0fi2» 4'>«0237 2ft Cft2*« 40
«Cf.1» 40 60577 20'fiORR* 20
#:*V.12 2OOOO:'W743 2Or,oa£4.. 2 0
««3fi 40>/KH0 2ft W.M>. ot)
«:ift3K 20 61ft«» 2ft 611*7... " 40
«12*7. 100;<T1*4<» 20filfiOO. .. 40
C,l«r-4 40:filH41 K>ftfil757... 20
<;inro 4OJ61«K. 40 P199S. *o
•«ai2R iftO 02202 2ft;«230* '. 40
\u266652370 20U52379 100«24»W 20
€2fI10 r/X) R2740 2O'C27<» 20
«2»58 2ft&tOO» 206319.1 $0
# «.t2*a 40:«32S».i... 4003311 4 o
63345 2O'C3347 20 «53420 20
C5477 20163520 100! 63595 2"0
<K737 20 ; fi3RR" 40;640*«) 40
«42»1 2OR42»« 4ft«4364..... 40
«*401 20|64*17 4ft64*r,2 20
«**/54 2AR*527.*... 2O'P*535 «o
«4:^5 2ftO4.V*.- 2ft|6*9ftft 40
.6495 20'C4X.2 2OI64957 2 0
649TS 20fi50r.l 20;fM9r. 20
«32S» 20KT.2.-.9 40«52«7 joo
C54«i3... # . 2Oft'«5.-.72 4O'e5fi21 40
f?f.»0..... 40 '(JWCa 20,65736 40
fSfSiO 40 65R9ft 20!«'-*'901 40
«5«ft45.. ... • 2ft«6102 2ft;fi«13» 200
V5164 40:66172 2n;(*17« 20
Pllf»:...t 20;««282 40:«C63R 20
J7176...'.. 20i672«1 20 67347 20
B3iS ao;C7477 40I676S3..... 20 1
NUMBERS
—OF THB—
BENEFICENCIA PUBLICA
RAIN DAMPENS
SOUTHERN FIELDS
The subscribers having supervised the above
drawing of thf lottery of the Beneflcencia
Publica. hereby certify that the above is an
*-xact cory of the numbers which were this
day drawn from the 80,000 placed In the wheel,
with iha prizes correppondlng to them.
Witness our hands at the City of Mexico this
21'.h day of September, 1903.
JOZ. M. DE L.A VEGA,
Treasury Department.
U. BASSETTI, Manager.
JUAN" n. CASTELLO. Intervcncr.
7O5> numbers endlne with 93. belns the last
two figure* of tho number drawing the capi
tal prize of Syo.oeo— ?20.
799 number? ending with 12, belns th« last
two flgurt-a of the number drawing the capital
prize of $20.000— $20.
100 numbere from 8843 to 8943 Inclusive,
beins T>0 numbers on each side of the number
drawing capital prize of J60.000— $CO.
100 numbers from 00.&i!2 to (»,6<>2 Inclusive,
belnK 50 number^ on each fi<Je of the number
drawing capital prize of $20.0W — $40.
100 nymhers from n.",sO7 to "^gOT Inclusive,
belnir 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing capital prize of $10.000 — $2O.
TERMINAL, PRIZES.
APPROXIMATION* PRIZES
No. Prlre.lNo. Prize. INo. Prize.
67602 2O'67710 20167789 100
6T879 20CS115 200168149 40
6S3S1 4068386 40 68443 100
6S500 2068522 40 68559 20
CSC23 10O'aS762 206SS28 100
6S852 20j«iSS91..... 100 «8»8t 20
C3196 20IC8233 20:69368 40
C9421 2016O434 20 6SM97 40
69539 20160566 20 69789"..... 500
69704 20.69804 40 7O400 20
70541 20170842 40 71034 40
71155 20171179 40 71241 100
71244 40171277 20 71300 40
71410 2OI71&42 40J71703 100
71910 40 71923 2O|72O20 40
72115 40(72207 20i72384 40
72423 40J72541 100|72593. 40
726.18 20I72805 40172843 100
72«>4 100 72914 40|729.>5 40
72979 20>73004 20'73105. . . .. 20
73138 lCN^-SlM) 2O;73272 200
-^\u25a0»fl...... • 100,73340 40173442.' 20
7"». r »56 20:73«M..*», 20; 7301 5 20
7:{«27 40J73903 20;74139 20
74173 46)74324 20174418 100
T4.'.S1 2t»74C16 10O,74li78 -0
74714 100 74746 20I7492S 40
74939 100J75427 20 T6623 20
75738 2OI757C5 2OJ75861 40
T3871 2O17S8M9 20I759O.1 20
75S»08 200 7«iSl 20.70122 40
7U436 1007W50 2076695 20
76754 20'7»»C.S 20! 77031 2t»
"7204 20 77254 40 77370 'JO
77797 ."....' 4O77P.U 2077994..... 20
7S070 100l78l-f4. . .-. . lCX)i7S217 20
7«:{O0 40!7»f57S 100178493 20
7S913 CO,7S!*37 2O'7!I1«0 20
791S0 2079214 40 79312 40
79442 20 79514 20179618 40
79^50 2ft!7'J»r7G 40I79S71 2(1
TStfsStt 20170yiS 40,79!«)2 20
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 1903.
5
AMTJSEHENTa.
TIVOU'35&
NOTE: Performances begin at 8 sharp; Sat-
urday matinee at 2 sharp.
TO-NIGHT,
Wednesday. Friday and Saturday Nights,
Rosini's Famous Comedy Opera,
"THE
BARBER OF SEVILLE"
Tuesday, Thursday and Sunday Nights, Sat-
urday Matinee.
Bizet's Wonderful Work,
«<C ARMEN"
PRICES ALWAY8 THE SAME. . .25c. BOc, 75c
Telephone Bush 9.
IfAklFORNIAI
I n I TO-NIGHT. HOYTIJ }[?*&
\f J Famous Political Satire, 1st
His .Best and Funniest Farce,
"A Texas Steer."
With the Celebrated Minstrel.
miL-T BARLOW
Al the "MINISTER TO DAHOMEY."
James Devlin as "Brander.".
May Brelonne as "Boasy."
Wm. Marble Jr. as "Brassy Gall."
itiWl NEXT— WEST MINSTRELS w«
Myles McCarthy, Assisted by \ Aida
Wolcott; the Great Alexus; Carl-
ton and Terre; Paolo and Dika;
Falke and Semon; Charles Ernest;
Mario and Aldo; New Motion Pic-
tures and Last Week of E.
Bousby's
Latest Spectacular Novelty,
"IIN PARIS"
An Electrical Review In Four TaMeuz.
Reserved Seats. 23c; Balcony. 10c; Box Seats
and Opera Chairs, 50c.
8ATURDAY, October 3, at 8 p. in. In
STEINWAY HALL.
THE SECOND RECITAL OF THE SEASON
- WILL BE GIVEN.
MR. PERCIVAL VAN YORX Will Preside at
the Piano with the Aid ot
THE ANGELUS.
MRS. L. SNIDER JOHNSON, soprano, will be
the Soloist of the Occasion.
Complimentary tickets may be secured at th«
store any time before the recital.
Sherman. Clay A Co.," Kearny and Sutter Sta.
£P% I IBI 4fe Ammunition. Hunting and
I B I PJV 1 String: Good.. Larxctt
I B I I Eli clock. Lowest prices. b«od
I 0 il R \u25a0 for catalogue.
W W I ¥ W SHREVE * BARBER CO,
~^ m .~£ L ; ?» Market "t-^ «»
ATVfTTSETffENTS.
GPAND°mou^
MATINEES:
THURSDAY. SATURDAY. SUNDAT.
A TREMENDOUS HIT
X O - N I G H X
ALL THI3 WEEK.
JAMES NEILL
And His Incomparable Company, In Harriet
Ford's Dramatization of Stanley Wtyman's
popular novel,
A GENTLEMAN OF FRANCE
PRIfiR EVENINGS 15c. 25c. BOc. 73c
'"' ,„ MATINEES 13c. 2Sc. 00c
Children under 5 years not admitted during
Mr. Nelll's engagement.
Beginning Sunday Matinee. Last Week ot
Mr. Neill. "UNDER TWO FLAGS."
LARKINS AND~PATTERSON
National Singers of Coon Songs.
GREAT SHOW EVERY AFTERNOON AND
EVENING IN THE THEATER.
Inspect "CABARET DE LA MORT."
VISIT THE "MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE."
LION SLAYING BABOON
IN THE ZOO.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
ADMISSION. 10c: CHILDREN. 5c.
When Phoning- Aek for "Tnw Chutes."
MISCELLANEOUS A3H7SE2LE2TTS.
lU a l>IUni 8:15. MOaT.
SPECIAL HATIMX TO-XOKKOIT at 3 sharp.
. THSJ EVERYMAN COMPANY.
'In an Elizabethan Production of SHAKE-
SPEARE'S
TWELFTH NIGHT.
RESERVED SEATS — $1 SO and II. bow
en sal* at Sherman. Clay ft Co.'a.
Pftfart* DON'T FAIL TO
i aiaww Bee th9 bcautifni
j COURT Lounging
/I flu room, the EMPIRE
aUU PARLOR, the
_r» x PALM ROOM, the
(tf/ifid LOUIS XV PAR.
VI aUU LOR, «nd the LA-
n A i t,, DIES' WRITINO
Hotels I room-
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Pries Lists Mailed
on Application.
TKESK ASS SALT XXXAT3.
TIC nniTCC X- m Shipping Butcbera. 10*
JAj. DUlfcj tt tU. Clay. Tel. Mala 12*.
OSLO,
LUBRICATINO OILS: LEONARD * KTXI3.
418 Front at.. S. T. Phon* \t»ln 1718.
FSUHT13TO. '
E* C. DUuOESi en sa&MSM iuir.
AMUSEMENTS.
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
LAST 7 NIGHTS— TWO MATINEES.
MATS. WEDNESDAY and SATUBDAY.
! Henry W. Savage Announces the Triumphal
I Musical Comedy,
PRINCE
OF
PILSEN
Uy Pixley & l^uders. Authors of "King Dodo."
"vos you effeK in zinzinnati? 11
Next Monday— Seats Ready Thursday.
FLORODORA
The No. 1 New York Company.
' > Greater Production Than Ever Before.
BELASCO & MAYER, Proprietors.
Market St.. Near Eighth .Phcne South 533
TO-NIGHT— ALL, THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Charles A. Hoyfs Greatest Comedy Hit. .
"A TEMPERANCE TOWN"
Special Engagement ot the Eminent Comedian.
L. R. STOCKWELL
Supported by the C*-ntrnl 8tock Company.
A GREAT PRODUCTION!
NO,ADVANCE IN .
nnircc Eveninirs .10c to BOc
rnlCO Matinees 10c. 16c. 25c
Next Week— "MY FRIEND FROM INDIA."
« -it ft » rV A T^ Belasco & Mayer.
A I I AY AK Proprietor*.
AljXjJ^ijJnLSX,, E. D. Price,
"^ ___ _ General Manager.
TO NIGHT— LAST 2 WEEKS.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
David Belasco's Dramatic Triumph,
ZAZA
Next Thursday— Last Matinee of
....D'ANMTTNZIO'S QIOCONDA....
Evenings, 25c to 75c; Mat., 15c to 50e.
Night Prices at Gloconda Mat.
*J' October 12— OPENING OF THE
NEW ALCAZAR STOCK COMPANY
In Pinero'S "I^ADY BOUNTIFUL."
First Time in San Francisco.
All things must come to an end.' Last we«k of
"The Glad Hand" and "The Con-curers"
SPECIAL.
• On Monday night, October 5, 1903, first pro-
ductlon of - ' -\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0- "^
I "The Paraders" |
The Great Kastern Musical -Comedy Success.
Staged by Mr. Charles H. Jones.
Entir« New Music, Songs, Scenery. Costumes,
and ' Magnificent Stage Effects. Our
"All Star" Cast, Including
» ' KOLB AND DILL,
BARNEY BERNARD, "
• * WINFIELD BLAKE.
BARNEY BERNARD,
MAUDE AMBER,
ELEANOR JENKINS.
IA/. T. HESS,
Hotary Public, and Attorn ey-at-Iiaw.
.Tenth Floor, llcom 1U15. Clau» Si<r«ckels bld».
. --;\u25a0; Telephone Main 8S3.
Residence, - 821 California st.. below Pow*lL
Rfesldenca Talcohona Jam»a 1!U)1.
ADVERTISEMENT^
THE ART SALES GALLERIES
AUCTION
ORIENTAL RUGS
Commencing Tuesday, Sept. 29
At 2:30 p. m.
Exhibition To-Day.
YUZUK & CO.,
230 POST STREET.
Catalogues. A. W. LOUDERBACK, Art Auctioneer.
IE7"Our large new Importation, together with our retail stock, comprises a collection
of rare antiques Impossible to duplicate.
__ _;_ _<_:\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0_ - \u25a0_. _ V_',;_ \u25a0 _ _ _'._-_-__'_ / : _. .- ADVERTISEMENTS.
OVER $2,000,000 SAVEDI
//// HASH II3HI — II IWHIM&t X About two years agro the American Newspaper Association announced 1 1
Lib*? '*! 5fe'*h I through "The Call" that M had secured control of the New 20th Century Edl- l]
M ii^^A tion of the Encyclopaedia Britannica. and would supply to the readers of "Til j
H ll-'i^' i i h $1 f Call" that famous set of books at Xiesg Than Half Price, and on easy monthly ]
i| JVft, 3 payments amounting to only 10 cents a day. Our announcement brought thou- l|
n /T? vjj f £ « yLi (I luill £S{j ( sands of applications for sample pages and full particulars, and the demand be- I j
M W^^Mi^S^lS^S S^. ] I came so great that all available sets of the books were soon exhausted. The 1}
l| frjf" yW^fisffju' {n'iif&i- 7 largest book manufactory In the United States found it impossible to keep pace ii
H Br^ *i 3& §'5S^-4sii! ; S'V I wlth the demand, and we were notified to accept orders only for future delivery, I
N fan ! i I" \u25a0esSShH KssA which resulted in disappointment to thousands of our customers. \\
M ulL&lisMllxk- iltia 'ulili^S { About one year ago our contract was renewed because of our great adver- I
H K^tiS^^I^Ha^iS^Sfffi-^ tlsing and distributing facilities. At that time wo insisted on the same price E j
M t$'fcUftijl!& Sl/kfc' -*\u25a0(( (.CliPT ( and the same eas y terms as before for our customers. The phenomenal result il
if \W\ itft I UK? JwM&\ ot the Eocy 010 ?*** 1 * Britannica have been ordered, representing a saving to ||
m Jtra^ 1 3x >5*iip iffiliiisi^-sJ* our SUDScribers ot over Two Million! of Dollars! The great saving In price, th« II
$| wi£afi|^mLj3 i SBtffl fflMB^^^ easy monthly payments and the undoubted merits of the Encyclopaedia Brit- |j
N ii«& i i i iscfes «Mp|i I annica explain the cause of this unprecedented demand- (1
I P r i ce Soon to Advance, j
H iSi&gft jWA g£ fofc j&sJqgBgSgag^ ' On account of the increased cost of materials used in tha manufacture of Ij
If fill \u25a0Zl¥» i !I^ u Ukll - l(Mi?0J books and the increased cost of labor. It has become necessary to advance the i\
m iltfw slisftiir l^Sial^^Y Price of the Encyclopaedia Britannica at an early date to cover the extra ex- [J
D9 llfnN 9ffl* t ' i $fj*' ff *tfnT0k pense. We h'ave, however, arranged that this Increase in price shall not go lj
12 H-fe * f-fe M*! 'AlMfQi^Jb lnt0 eff ect until the edition just off the press has been distributed. J]
R| tff&Sfe 'MMNs^J^Sl^.^Spi^S^' We therefore give fair warning to all "Call" readers that Prompt II
®! //(/. f 7 • r I/ul I uialS?ffi Action is necessary to secure this king of all encyclopaedias at the lowest |
f» a^E ' Ssii price and on the easiest terms of payment |i
II ISnS^uE^uBnBBaBiBH^Kf'^ For more than one hundred years the Encyclopaedia Britannica has occu- p
fJ n[/vjj7JME//-stJiJ»i!iA,(/ AtWM^^ V>te& the foremost rank ap a self -educator and work of reference. At Intervals [1
y y|^|a^2^^^^c'awialf^^n new an( * enlarged editions of the work have been published, thus koeping pace ||
ta Wf^rJnr"m^^7^^^SA wlth tho progres»%of the world. The new 20th Century Edition, which we now [\
H I {•l&.llsl/lok! fwil4Mi.--Mu£Si offer, occupies 31 v magniflcent volumes, containing nearly 23.000 pages, and {
M M^^R^|aSi^Sj^^fe|iJgMK,^i^T covers every department of knowledge known to mankind. ft
EJ nfr*r! "Tf^W^TT "ilfflra? That some sort of an Encyclopaedia Is a necessity all must acknowledge, fl
H I B^bli4-sJI*44 Snt ; 4'tt'»jlM«tfL^? That the great Britannica is the very best none will deny. It is an Encycio- t
Pi r^^^lal^B^^^Si^i^^T paedia in which each principal subject is treated by an acknowledged authority fl
H f jfj <7ga il Ii, g 'I lit ufWPW' 1 upon that subject. Xo other Encyclopaedia has given Ten Thousand Dollars for |-j
cl l{tt^1i^fiJ'ifell^i^^J5l»IL 1 l^'ii^f a s ' n &le article or Six Hundred Dollars a Page for written matter. The fact 1 1
H TbF^t! yi'l i i"WWwl|lmlCT^f^ that J3,000,f*00 were expended In Its preparation, requiring the labor of 2.000 of f j
H (lii.-^lls HI st- tlRiil ± II llllH fXii \rfd t * xe WOI "J d " s greatest scholars, tells the story of its exalted superiority. 1 j
ra Uw^itsf lv^i^v^^E>lttEfit^^^^ < ~ >ne dlme a day for a short time will secure this great work. Who cannot 1 1
H SpHi I £wb\BmWBfMiW3&gfc spare 10 cents a day? There is no further excus« for "Call" readers not I
tJ fill >jjJ fl J a, ,r* J y^ \u25a0\u25a0 {{ utJ^M4^s^f owning this great reference Library. Take advantage of this offer now Bator* |1
I] yi^^ t n'S '« SMffpgy^ I* !\u25a0 Too late, and secure the work at 1 1
I Less 1 iiHti ii3.ii Jr rice, i
u Jui^Ibs TT^ilT UUtt wk. J* Cut out the Coupon before you lay aside this paper and send it to us. \\
y llhfc iS.I sfe "Mt& fcysl fe^r/ !F USED PROMPTLY it will not only entitle you to the Half-Prlce Offer. Jf
H mSBmEtm M^¥" ' r^fff! W$*\ \ but als0 t0 a special bookcase for holding the books. \\
M J^flji^^r^fl^^^^M^^^f " lt is without a peer in the whole noble army of encyclopaedias." — lyxaaa ||
1 ' ' " The Enc >" cl °P aedla Britannica Is king of Its tribe."— Prof. DaYid j
E9 Iffi^^^^*'^^^^^!-^^^®. " If a11 other books were destroyed, the Bible excepted. the world \
m >J^|iSV^^^.^^ii^ft^^^^^ would lose but little of its information." — Spursfeon. JJ
I I BOOKCASE FREE. f
9 fiS^^^^SliSytaSp^ A H^tad number of Bookcases will bo given free of charge to t\
M tu^i^rjii^t; tS&jiitijrSajff-'' Call readers who respond promptly. The coupon T>«low will b« | j
M „ . . ... known as tha Bookcase Coupon and should be mailed at once. I
M 31 Massive Volumes. \u2666 i I
Pi lii^iUu* n.,n- onn DminHe UTmZzF' Cut out and mail this Coupon to-day tax particular* ot our if
13 Weight Over rOUIiaS. (Jts .rreat offer thromrli "THe CaU." H
1 0-2S-03. 1 1
2 31 Volumes in All. _ _, \\
* 25 volumes Ninth Edition. The American IVewspaper Association. \\
j 5 Volumes American Additions. Parrott Building:. San Francisco. Cal. \\
i 1 Volume Guide to Systematic — — ' - »\u25a0 (1
a Readings of the whole work. Please send me tree of charge sample pages and full jjj
i particulars of your Encyclopaedia offer (Bookcase Cou- fj
i /|%^ Secures This Entire Set — — non). ii
\u25a0 "Oj of the f J ' I
3 fP:| New 20th Century Edition Name Street
! 1 You can pay the balance Tmvn * fYnintv <>tn*t> i
d JBL at the rate of only 10c a lOWIl county
i day for a short time. QALL BUREAU. j
ADVERTISEMENTS.
As prescribed by a law
! enacted by the last Legislature.
j the State Board of Commis-
j sioners in Optometry has is-
sued certificates to the under-
i signed firms, entitling them
; and their employes to practice
; the fitting of spectacles and
i eyeglasses :
j HASXELL ft JOKES OPTICAL CO.,
343 Grant Ave.
CHINN-BERETTA OPTICAL, CO.,
991 Market St.
; CALIFORNIA OPTICAL CO.,
205 Kearny St.
' QUO. H. KAHIT,
201 Kearny St.
HENET KAHN & CO.
(The Ocularium),
642 Market St.
HOOUE OPTICAL CO.,
211 Post St.
HXSSCK ft KAISER,
7 Kearny St.
STA2TDAUD OPTICAL CO.,
217 Kearny St.
BEBTEUNG OPTICAL CO.,
16 Kearny St.
"BEERS
The Highest Priced but
the Best Quality.
, SOLD EVERYWHERE,
HILBERT MERCANTILE CO..
Pacific Coast Agents.
Doctors'
Offices
—TO LET
WENBAN BUILDING
Corner Sutter and Mason sts. ; Just com-
pleted; latest improvements.
Apply MADISON & BURKE. 30 Montgomery.
DB.PIERCE'S
GOLDEN
. MEDICAL <
DISCOVERY
FOR THE .
BLOOD, II VER.LUNGS.YACHTS WHICH FIGURED IX
THE SAN FRANCISCO CLUB
REGATTA YESTERDAY.
The finishing times of the yachts were
as follows: Iola, 3:13:45 p. m.; Gypsie,
3:18:50 p. m.; Thejma, 3:21:48 p. m.; Pil
grim, 3:34:07 p. m.: Flirt, 3:36:20 p. m.:
Idler, 3:42:15 p. m.; Secret, 3:52:15 p. *m.;
Hazel S., 3:53:44 p. m.
dorf, receiving 24 minutes and starting st
12:36 p. m.; the yawl Idler, sailed by
George M. Shaw, receiving 20 v minutes,
and starting at 12:40 p. m.; the sloop Hazel
S., sailed by Fred .Walker, receiving 18
minutes and starting at 12:42 p. m.; the
sloop Secret,, sailed by Lee Gale receiving
16 minutes and starting at 12:'44 p. m.;
the yawl Gypsie, receiving 8 minutes and
starting at 12:52 p. m.; the sloop Thelma
and the yawl, Iola being at scratch and
starting at I'd. m.
We give you the best value in trunks,
suit-cases and traveling supplies in the
city. Look over our leather goods de
partment and De convh .. Sanborn,
Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Washington 7-5: Shootover beat Miss Grizzle
8-3: Royal Flush beat Beauty Spot 5-1; Morn-
Ing Glcry a bye.
Second round— Young America beat Lottie
M 3-1; Royal Flush a bye; Morning Glory a
bye.
Third round — Toung America a bye; Royal
Flush beat Morning Glory 7-2.
Deciding course^ — Young America beat Royal
Flush 6-1.
Trunks and Suit Cases.
CLEVELAND. Ohio. Sept. 27.— C. K. G.
Billings, owner of Lou Dillon, has an
nounced that she will not be allowed to
go into a contest with another horse in a
trial for supremacy. Billings pays that
Lou Dillon is only 5 years old and com
paratively inexperienced and untrained.
The mare will be shipped with the other
members of the Billings string t<> Lexing
ton on Wednesday, where she has two en
gagements. After the Lexington meeting
Lou Dillon will be shipped to Memphis,
where she is scheduled to go against the
world's trotting record, a trial against
time, which. will probably be her last for
this season. As at Lexington, two starts
against the watch will be made at Mem
phis, i
Says Trotting Queen Will Not Go
Into Contest With Another
Horse.
OWNER OF LOU DILLON
MAKES ANNOUNCEMENT
Lindsey in Poor Form.
Little Lindsey of the home team was in
poor form during the morning game. Ha
walked eleven men. Then his support was
something awful. The team made eight
errors behind him. so the Senators had a
pipe all the time. The home team out
hit them, but the best they secured was
four runs for their trouble. The score:
Sacramento— ) San Francisco—
Tasey. 2b. 5 10 19 Lynch If. 4 0 0 3 9
Hlldb. lf.3 10 3 0 Ifeany rf.4 0 2 3 0
IfcUn. rf.2 2 12 0 Irwin 3b.3 O 0 1 2
i:gan. a... 4 12 4 2 Krug. cf.3 112 1
Tnsnd lb.4 10 9 lZearfs. -fc.4 1113
Jhehn. 3b.3 110 0 Pabst. lb.4 13 6 2
Doyle, cf.3 112 0 Dlma. 2b.4 1 2 4 .1
Hojan. c..3 0 12 0 Ray^nd. a.4 O 0 3 3
ICeefe. p. .4 1 1 1 0 Llndsy p.l 0 0 1 4
Totals.31 0 7 24 12l Total«.31 4 9 24 17
•Game called before close of ninth lnnins.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 0 0 4 1 1 0 2 1— 9
Base hits ... 0 O 0 1 2 1 2 1—7
San Francisco ....0 0 0 0 2 2 0 0 — 4
Base kits 0 0 1 0 3 3 1 1— a
SUMMARY.
Stoen bases — Egan. Sheehan. Doyle. Errors
— Raymond <2>. Pabst (2). Irwin (2); Zearfoss.
Three-base hit— Egan. Two-b»«« hits — Del
mas, Egan. Sacrifice hits — Hlldebrand <3>.
Hogan. First base on errors — Sacramento 8.
Left oa bases — Sacramento 14. San Franeiso*
7. Struck out— by Keefe 1. by Lindsey J.
Double plays. Casey to Egan to Townseasi
Casey to Townsend. Passed ball— Hogran.
First base on called balls — Off Keefe 4. oft
Lindsey 11. Hit by pitcher — Casey. Tim«
of game — 2 hours. ' Umpire — McDonald.
Stolen bases — Egan. Knell. Errors — Ray
mond. Egan. Casey. Townsend. Sheehan. Two
base hits — Irwin. Graham, Casey. Iberg, Town
send. Lynch. Sacrifice hits — Irwin, Meany.
First base on errors — San Francisco 3. First
base on called balls — Off Iberg. 1; off Knell. 2.
Left on bases — San Francisco 7. Sacramento !».
Struck out — By Iberg. 6; by Knell. 2. Doubia
playsi — Casey to Townsend: Egan to Towr.send.
Balk — Knell. Time of game — Two hours ar.4
thirty minutes. Umpire — McDonald.
Sacramento 001 0OOOO1 000 0— 2
Base hits 012001012112 0—11
San Francisco. .. 200000000000 1 — 3
Base hits 110101011010 1— S
SUMMARY.
Four special rounds were tacked on th©
struggle at Recreation Park yesterday
afternoon. Just as on the previous day.
Strange as It may seem. Uncle and hi j
tossers got away with it- Stranger still.
the score was the same. All Uiese things
combined made some baseball history.
Score— San Francisco 3, Sacramento 1
The morning game was a pie for the
Senators, and they ate It up 9 to i The.
series stood three and three when the
two teams lined up for the decisive battle.
The natives won It, so they finished ahead
on the week, winning four games out of
a total of seven played.
Both Iberg and Knell pitched ball that
was really wonderful. Neither ever wav
; ered. They were well supported except
in the final round, when two errors Io3t
the game for the veteran southpaw Just
when he was beginning to get more ef
fective, If anything.
San Francisco opened up strongly, but
after the first*inning they scored no moid
runs till Lynch rushed home In the thir
teenth. '\'.',i
In the first Meany was passed, and Ir
win responded with a drive | to the score
board for two bases. This set the crowd
going, and when Krug hit to Egan and
Meany beat the throw to the plate their
enthusiasm was beyond control. Then
Zearfoss lined a torrid one direct at Knell,
and while he was hooking It up with his
left nytt and delivering it to the flm bag
Irwin landed with the only runs the home
team made In twelve rounds.
Graham opened hostilities In the fourth
spasm with a drive over first, good for
two bases. While the excitement was still
in full bloom Casey came through with
another of the same caliber to the score
board, and Graham raced to the finish.
The game was practically over and the
crowd was ready to depart in the first
half of the ninth when the Senators sud
denly tied up the result. With one gone,
Truck Egan pasted one at Irwin that
nearly lifted him up bodily. Then Truck
stole second. Bang! went Townsend's bat
against the leather. When the noise had
stilled Egan was home and the score was
a tie.
Then the struggle commenced In real
earnest. It was one fast battle for the
next four rounds. No one seemed to be
equal to the emergency, and the several
chances that offered themselves were
simply passed up.
Finally the tense strain was loosened In
the luckless thirteenth. Lynch opened It
with a drive far out to left field that net
ted him two cushions. Meany laid down
a bunt and Townsend In the mlxup fum
bled it, allowing Lynch to reach third.
All was over then. Charley Irwin sim
ply popped up a little fly to right field.
Lynch bounded home, beating the throw
of McLaughlin by many feet and ending 1
It all then and there.
Charley Graham began to kick at a de.
clsion in the tenth Inning and was put
out of the game. Hogan taking his place
behind the bat. The score:
Sacramento — ] San Francisco —
AB.R.H. P.A.I - AB. R. H. P.A.
Casey. 2b 6 0 2 5 2: Lynch. If 6 1 1 7 0
Hlldbd.lf 6 0 0 2 OiUeany.rf 4 112 0
McLgn.rf 6 0 13 llrwln. 3b 5 1112
Egan. s. 6 1 14 2;Krug. cf 5 0 1 1 0
Twnsd.lb « 0 2 12 3 Ke'rfoss.c 5 0 0 7 1
Phehn.3b 5 0 13 4 Pabst. lb 5 0 1 IS" O
Doyle, cf. 5 O 1 2 0iPelms.2b 5 0 2 12
Kraharn.c 4 1»1 1 ORaynid.s 5 0 0 2 7
Knell, p. 4 0 2 3 3j Iberg. p. 4 0 1 0 5
Hogan, C10021 .
Totals. 44 3 3 39 17
Totals. 49 2 11*37 16
•One out when winning run was scored.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
' " Second round — Cluster a bye. Dear Oaston
withdrawn: Vandal beat Honest John. 4-0; Palo
Alto beat Presidio Boy. 3-2; Liberator beat
Belle Free. 12-5; Red Rock beat Fenlt. 5-2:
Bonnie Pasha beat Ragged Actor. 13-6; Barge
bent Dorothy M, 6-1.
Third round — Vandal beat Cluster. 4-2; Lib
erator beat Palo Alto. 2C-12: Red Rock beat
Bonnie Pasha. 5-3: Barge a bye.
Fourth round — Red Rock beat Vandal, 11-4;
Barge a bye. Liberator withdrawn.
Deciding course — Red Rock beat Barge. 19-13.
Consolation stake — America a bye. Reckless
Acrobat withdrawn: Vina beat Yankee Boy.
5-4:-Reno beat Ruby Sankey. 20-0; Tralee Boy
beat Lord Granard. 18-11; Melrose beat St.
Conn. 8-5: Remlsso Anlmo beat Preclta Maid.
fi-4: Concord Boy beat lone Hill, 6-5; Renegade
Apache beat Ella May. 6-4.
Second round — Vina beat America. 19-4; Tra
!ee Boy, a bye. Reno withdrawn; Melrose beat
Remlsso Anlmo. 12-9; Renegade Apache beat
Concord Boy. 4-3.
Third round — Tralee Boy beat Vina, 4-0;
Renegade Apache beat Melrose, 21-14.
Deciding course — Tralee Boy beat Renegade
Apache. 8-5.
Deciding course In California Coursing Com
mlttee st^ke and a match race — Pocatelli beat
Rector. 5-1: Rector beat Pocatelli. 5-0. \u25a0.
Deciding cource In California Coursing Com
mittee open stake — Silver Cloud beat Sea Lion,
8-2. x
Third round — Irvlngton Tralee beat Cubanola,
5-0; Rocker Arm beat Cremo. 28-6; Manhattan
King beat Queen's Motto. 12-10.
Fourth round— Irvlngton Tralee beat Rocker
Arm. 6-1; Manhattan King a bye.
Deciding course — P. J. Horgan's Irvlngton
Tralee (Cronln's Wild Tralee-Manlla) beat F.
A. McComb's Manhattan King (Fetter Free
Imp.-Motto), 5-1.
Open stake— Dear Gaston beat Red Pepper.
15-8; Cluster beat Wattles, 5-4; Vandal beat
Frisky Barbara. 5-0; Honest John beat Algy
McDonald. 4-O; Presidio Boy beat Game Boy.
4-1: Palo Alto beat Full Moon. 6-0; Belle Frets
beat Gambit, 13-7; Liberator beat Articulate.
12-3; Fenll beat Haphazard. 15-11: Red Rock a
bye, Mickey Free withdrawn: Bonnie Pasha
beat Consort. 5-3; Ragged Actor beat Flora
Belle. 9-4: Barge beat False Alarm, 11-10;
Dorothy M. beat Menlo Prince. 6-0.
California Futurity — Cubanola beat "Wild
Bill. 7-2; RocKlln Boy beat Boots. 4-3; Irving
ton Tralee beat Homestead Boy.' 5-1; Amandan
beat Duhollow, tt-2; Rocker Arm beat Fancy
Free. G-4; Sweet Virginia beat Fre From
Flaw, 8-3; Cremo beat Donney brook. 3-1 ; Man
hattan King teat Richard Anton. 8-4; Merry
Go Round beat Minnie Morgan. 13-5; McVey
beat Fair Tralee. 0-5: Racing Auto beat Rag
time. 8-4; Queen's Motto a bye.
Second round— Cubanola beat Rocklln Boy.
8-5; Irvlngton Tralee beat Amandan. 14-2;
Rocker Arm beat Sweet Virginia. 4-0; Cremo
b«-at Merry Go Round. 4-2; Manhattan King
beat McVey. 4-2; Queen's Motto beat Racing
Auto. 8-5.
Red Rock beat Barge in the open stake
and Tralee Boy beat Renegade Apache in
the consolation. Silver Cloud defeated
Sea Lion In the open stake left over from
last week. The results In detail with
Judge Andrew Dean's official scores fol
low:
A greyhound from the kennel of P. J.
Horgan of Concord carried off the high
est honors In the • California Futurity
Stake yesterday at Union Coursing: Park.
Irvlngrton Tralee, a brlndle and white
daughter of Cronln's Wild Tralee. won
the first prize of J400, defeating F. A. Me-
Comb's Manhattan King In the deciding
course. The trial was a short one, Irving
ton Tralee running up a score of S to 1.
The winner defeated In turn Homestead
Boy, Amandan, Cubanola, Rocker Arm
and Manhattan King. Rocker Arm was
one of the heroes of the stake. The big
son of Rocker won a course lasting two
minutes and fourteen seconds In the third
round and then succumbed to the ultimate
winner In the semi-flnal round.
The deciding course In the handicap
coursing committee stake left over from
last week was \u25a0 won • by Pocatelli. which
defeated Rector. This victory also count
ed In a special match. In the second trial
of this the greyhounds scored an equal
number of points. At the third attempt
Rector led and won. The owners of the
greyhounds refused to run them again
and divided the stake.
"With Pocatelll's victory In the commit
tee stake, he equals the record held Joint
ly bv Palo Alto and Sacramento Boy of
eight stakes In one year. Pocatelli has
three months in which to Increase this
record. >**";'V-
Pocatelli and Rector Each,
Take a Course in a
Special Match.
Senators Have Little Diffi
culty in Landing on Oak
land Field.
Up Country Leashman
Wins With Irving
ton Tralee.
Uncle Henry's Followers
Win Another Great
Struggle.
FUTURITY STAKE
GOES TO HORGAN
VICTORY AGAIN
IN THIRTEENTH
SPORTS OF THE RUNNING TURF, THE PRIZE RING AND COURSING FIELD
Deciding course-J E H beat Cosette 8-4.
Veteran stake: First round— Young America
beat Babe ' Murphy 14-6; Lottie il . beat ' nfir**n
.Fourth round — Miss Wilson' beat Young John,
nie Rex 6-4; Cosette beat Rock and Rye 11-8 •
J EH a bye. ~
Fifth; round— J_E H beat Miss Wilson 6-2*
Copette a, bye. « . \u25a0'\u25a0 \u25a0 '
"Third round — Miss Wilson . beat Una 10-4 •
Young; Johnnie Rex beat" Lady Menlo 7-4*
Cosette beat Greenhall 4-0: J E II beat Fannie
HuBhie-5-1. . -•; \u25a0\u25a0•••-» - y-;
Third round — Whisper beat Doreen 6-4; Roy
Hughle beat " Hesper 4-2; Pure Pearl beat
Pasha Pleasant 6-4; Doc Burns beat Wedgwood
3-1; Jerry Wright beat Maid of the Glen 4-2*
Topsy Turvy beat Lulu' Girl 8-7; Special beat
Belfast 5-0; Reta S beat Tom Hurllck 8-4-
Black Coon beat Gold Lily 4-2: Young Buck
beat Pepper H 111 9-5. .
- Fourth round — Roy Hughie beat Whisper
12-3; \u25a0 Pure Pearl beat Doc Burns 0-2; Jerry
Wright beat Topsy Turvy 5-3 > Special beat
Reta S 4-2; Black Coon beat Young Buck 12-5.
Fifth round— Pure Pearl beat Roy Hughie
3-0: Special beat Jerry Wright 5-4; Black Coon
a bye.
Sixth -round — Pure Peart -beat Black Coon
19-1; Special a bye.
Deciding course — Pure Pearl beat Special
11-8.
Consolation stake: Second round— Miss Wil
son beat Shadow 7-5; Una beat Orsina C-4-
Young Johnnie Rex beat Haddlngton 3-0; Equa
tor beat; Rlenzi 11-8; Lady Menlo beat' Little
Lucy 7-2; Rock and Rye beat Marguerite 4-3-
Cosetto a bye: Greenhall a bye; J E H beat
Yellowtall 5-2; Fannie Hughie beat Our Myra
7-0.
Jerry O'Shea's Young America ran in
fine style and took first money from
Royal Flush in the Veteran Stake.
Following are the day's results with
Judge Thomas Tlerney's official scores:
Doreen beat Medley 7-2; Whisper beat Octo
ber Lad 5-0: Roy Huchle beat Pepper Jack
3-0; Hesper beat Rockefeller 6-3: Pure Pearl
beat Laughing Water 3-2; Pasha Pleasant beat
Royal Friend 6-5; Doc Burns beat King's Pride
26-T; Wedgwood beat Onward Maid 5-0; Maid
of the Glen beat- Little Plunder 13-8; Jerry
Wright beat Commercial Traveler 4-2; Topgy
Turvy beat Thetis 10-2; Sulu Girl beat Conroy
5-3; Belfast beat Bob R 7-6; Special beat
Homer Boy 4-.0; Tom Hurllck beat Black Flush
8-6; Reta S beat . Flora Bird 7-5; Black Coon
beat Idaho Boy 0-4; Gold Lily beat Sofala 7-4;
Young Buck beat General De Wet 7-3; Pepper
Hill beat Clarice 5-0.
The finals of the open and consolation
stakes and the, run off of the Veteran
event at Ingleslde yesterday resulted In
as line a day's sport as has been wit
nessed at that park since Its reopening.
Hardly a course was run that did not
put the hounds to a test and many of
the trials. went the limit of time.
Pure Pearl won the open event, beat
ing Special In the deciding course. In
three of her trials she was on the short
end, Pasha Pleasant, Black Coon and
Special being the victims. -V- -
J E H, a courser belonging to Dr.
Van Hummel of Eastern fame, beat Co
sette for honors In the consolation stake.
In this event Miss Wilson beat three fa
vorites before she went out to the stake
winner. .' ..' ..'>;\u25a0- . -\u25a0;"
PUKE PEARL A WINNER
NEW YORK, Sept. 27.— At a conference
held at Bath Beach to-day between Bob
Fitzsimmons, William Pierce of Boston,
manager for George Gardner, the Hght
heavy-welght champion of the world, and
James C. Kennedy, representing the Yo
semite Athletic Club of San Francisco,
Fitzsimmons and Gardner were matched
to fight before the Yosemite Club the lat
ter part of November for the title held by
Gardner. The contest will be for twenty
rounds at 16S pounds, the men to weigh In
at 3 o'clock on the afternoon of the day
of the battle. The purse will ce divided,
75 per cent going to the winner and 25 per
cent to the loser.
Edward Graney of San Francisco was
chosen referee and forfeit holder.
It was stated at the conference that
Fitzsimmons will lea%*e for San Francisco
early in October and go into active train-
Ing for the fight. Gardner, who Is in
Texas with a theatrical enterprise, will
cancel his engagement and proceed to the
coast as soon as possible.
As the Ariel has a racing length nearly
five feet greater than the Queen and the
Annie nearly twelve feet greater, "The cor
rected times would largely Increase the
margin of victory. The crew of the Queen
included A. R. Haskins, H. Gingg, H.
Toll, Frank A. Bartlett, R. C. Glngg, Dr.
and Mrs. T. L. Hill and two others. Be
sides winning the prize in Class D the
crew of the Queen also won a dinner from
the captain and crew of the sloop Ariel.
This will take place on Thursday week.
The race was to have started at 11:30
a. m., but. at that hour none of the fleet
THE annual reeatta of the San
Francisco Yacht Club was held
yesterday over a course estimated
at nine and one-sixteenth miles
for the small boats and at four
teen miles for the craft In the larger
classes. Hill and Welch's sloop Queen,
sailed by Dr. Thomas L. Hill, made faster
time over the fourteen-mile course than
any of the fleet, beating the big sloop
Annie by 14 minutes 25 seconds actual sail
ing time, and the sloop Ariel by 19 minutes
31 seconds elapsed time.
was on hand, so the regatta was post
poned for one hour. At 12:30 a gun was
fired from the launch Rob Roy, which
served as a committee boat, as a starting
signal for the yachts in all the classes.
As the yawl Royal had no competitor in
the special yawl class, she sailed with the
30-foot sloops Surprise and Curlew. The
sloop Annie, having no competitor in her
class, sailed with the 40-footers. In class
A, for small yachts, Mistral won and
Witch was second. In class C the yawl
Royal won with Curlew second. In the
large class the sloop Queen won easily.
W. G. Morrow's sloop Challenger served
as the leeward stakeboat, being anchored
three miles to the north of Blossom Rock
buoy. The boats In the 30-foot and large
classes, after going around the course,
beat out a second time to Presidio Shoal
buoy and ran back to the finishing line.
The regatta committee in charge of the
race consisted of George E. Smith, chair
man; \V. L. Spencer and J. B. Levensaler.
Owing to the fact that no time allowances
were computed. It is impossible to give
any but the actual sailing times of the
yachts. The details are. shown In the
George Gardner Will Be
Cornishman's Next
Opponent.
FITZ MATCHED
TO FIGHT HERE
Lundy pays the highest price for loose
diamonds. 4 3d at. and "< 52 Market st. •
CHICAGO. Sept. 27.— C. F. • Langdon. secre
tary of Armour & Co.. died to-day of apoplexy,
aged 41 years
VENTURA, Sept. 27.-Bishop Thomas J.
Conaty to-day laid the cornerstone of the
Santa Clara. Catholic Church at Oxnard
with Impressive ceremonies. Fathers
Kujol and Laubachor assisted. Two hun
dred Knights? of Columbus came by spe
cial train from Los Angeles to participate
ln.the ceremonies. The church when com
pleted will cost J100.000. .
Bishop Lays the Cornerstone.
KOBE, Japan, Sept. 27.— The French
steamship Australian, belonging to the
Messageiies line, out war^ bound, has gone
ashore at Imah^ru on the north coast of
the Island of Shtkobu. -All the passengers
are safe.
French Steamship Buns Ashore.
NEW YORK. Sept. 27.-Joseph Martin
who was arrested yesterday, charged with
murderously assaulting Detective '• Fred
erick A. Verdu, was arraigned to-day be
fore the Coroner. Joseph Hanson who
was with Verdu at the time, testified that
Martin struck the fatal blow. At the*re
quest of the police the Inquest was post
poned until October 12 to secure further
evidence. Martin was released in $5000
baiL
Says Martin Struck the Fatal Blow.
HARLEM SELECTIONS.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
First race—The Kentuckian, Stem
winder, Orfeo.
Second race—Paulaker, Falella, Mr.
Rose. ' .
Third race—Dick Welles, Beau
Ormonde, i Delagoa.
Fourth race —Don Domo," Clifton
Forge, Dick Bernard.
Fifth race — Six Shooter^ Beau
Ormonde, Linguist.
Sixth race — Brush- By, Frivol,
Frank M.
Second race — Maghoni, Lady Idris
Zirl.
Third race— Forehand, Wreath of
Ivy, Folies Bergeres." -
Fourth race— Monsieur Beaucalre,
Taby Tosa, Dan McKenna.
Fifth race — Silurian, Montana
Peeress, Light Opera.
Sixth race — The Bobby, Kunja El
v aey. J
ST. LOUIS SELECTIONS.
By the. New York Telegraph.
First race— Kiowa Chief, Judge
Denton, Launay.
First race — Brigand, Castalian,
Cottage Maid.
Second race— Madden entry, Hip
pocrates, Blytheness.
Third race— Whitney entry, Lady
Amelia, Belmont entry.
Fourth race— Eugenia Burch, High
Chancellor, Grey Friar.
Fifth race— The Southerner, Bur
dette, Moharib.
Sixth race— Gold Van, Highlander,
Past.
MORRIS PARE SELECTIONS.
,
By the New York Telegraph.
Captures Vincent Trophy in the Cali
fornia Yacht Club^Race.
Eight boats sailed in the race of the
California Yacht Club yesterday for the
Vincent trophy, the winner being Robert
Vincent's yawl Iola, which takes the cup
and a prize flag. Charles E. Clark's
yawl Gypsie won the second flag. The
sloop Thelma. sailed by Sidney 8. Mar
shall, took third place and flag. f.
The yachts received handicaps accord-
Ing to their previous performances,' the
sloop Flirt, sailed by Louis Ward, receiv
ing 60 minutes and starting at 12 noon;
the yawl Pilgrim, sailed by Julian Alten-,
YAWL IOLA IS FIRST.
Westchester's Autumn Season
to Open With Fine
Prospects.
Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club monthly
medal shoot, first champion class — F. P.
Schuster 439; second champion class, Her
mann Huber 429; first class not won; second
class, J Lankenau 376; third class Charles
Oldag 3C6; fourth class. F. O. Thode 384; best
first/shot. George H. Bahrs 25; best last shot.
DaVid Salfield 25.
Bullseyes — Charles 'Oldag, Captain Slebe'a
medal. 110; John D. Feldermann 188, John
Steiner 245. H. Nicolal 1765 John Schmidt
1S40.
Redmen's Schuetzen Company, monthly
medal shoot, champion class — John D. Felder
mann 309; first class. J. K. -Mohr 331; eec
ond class John Steiner 346; third class D.
Tamke 318; fourth class. C. G. Strippel '335;
first best shot. John D Feldermann 22; last
best shot, John Schmidt 22.
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club: Re
volver, club trophy — R. C. Cap (military) 77.
Re-entry match — P. A. Becker 91. G." E.
Frahm 61. R. C. Cap 80. Pistol club trophy
— G. E. Frahm 89, J. Kullmann S7. Dr. D.
Smith 85. G. Armstrong 84. W. F. Blasso 83.
T. W. Lyons 74. Re-entry match — G. Arm
strong. 92. 67. S9; G. E. Frahm. 91. 90 89;
J. Kullmann 80 S3. 84. S2. 85; F. V. King
ton. 84; R. C. Cap. S3. 78: T. W. Lyons. 70;
Dr. D. Smith 84. Re-entry expert class.
r;tle— A. Gehret 221. 227: C. M. Henderson
215. Second class — M. Kolander 210. CliTb
trophy — C. M. Henderson 220. M. Blasse 217
A. Gehret 219. W. F. Blasse 210, F. B. Mason
221. Medal bars^-M. Blasse 219, 217, 208- M.
Kolander 210. 201. > -.i
C. Dabney, 44, 60. — ; L. Mudd. 50, — . 4; D.
Driocoll. 32. 2, — ; C. J. Bach. 40. — . 31; W.
Duffey. 32. — . 27; A. Prsy, 25. — . 2; F. Co
vell. 20, 22. 13; E. Beckmann. 11, 2. 5; J.
Garrett, 25, — . 14; W. A. Bode. 62, 42, 42; J.
Willis. 33. — . 22; W. Cathran. "2, — . 21; F.
C. Hildebrandt. 10, — . — ; J. E. Tosney, 14, 34.
— ; T. Goesch. 20, 25, 5; R. Harbarl. 29, 9. — ;
F. Eurr. f s, 55, o4, 31 ; F. R. Sutton. 68. 42, 50;
Fred Melop. 44. 17. — ; P. Forsyth 33. 23. — ;
L. Anders. 35. 17, — ; H. Parker, 18. 18 — .
Company G. First Infantry Regiment,
monthly medal shoot: Captain W. Wall 45.
Lieutenant L. Graham 34, Sergeant C. E.
Noyes 37, Sergeant W. Talbott 40. Sergeant
Emil E. Stroth 42. Corporal R. Steadman 41,
Corporal C. Johnson 32, Corporal L. Isaacs 31.
Sergeant Ames 34, H. Splllman 44. S. B. Mills
38, James Dolan 48. M. J. Lyons 42. Benjamin
Jackman 30, Edward Nlcholl 34, Leon Ayhens
\u25a0 US. J. A. Bright 34, James Dolan 32, William
Splllman 30, Edward Dolan 30, H. C. Barrows
.'«. H. MoSweegan 32, Sergeant F. L. Owens
34. W. Dassman 37, J. Harvey 33, J. Mc-
Gowan 33. «J
Company F. "First Infantry Regiment,
company shoot at 200 yard?: Captain J. F.
Eggert 43, Lieutenant H.' G.' Stlndt 43, Ser
geant C. Chester 41, Serg-ant L. Rey 41. J.
Cheregino 47. Corporal G. Bruckner 28, L De
martir.l 45. G. Ft. Clalr 2S, A. P. Pearson 12,
C. Boitano 31. J. Simonds 21. F. Carcass 22,
C. J. Wehr 40. T. Ackerman 23. F. E. Strick
land ."0. T. Robinson 28. B. J. Baddley 19. J.
Salinger 38, P. Mclter 26, R. Taylor 24, H.
Dourhfrty 34.
Company A, First Infantry Regiment. Na
tional Guard of California, monthly medal
shoot: Captain George C. Balllnger 2S, Lieu
tenant F. Bertrand 38. Sergeant J. Murphy
."7. S'-rgeant J. Iteilly 30, Sergeant J. Brady
.".3. Corpora] A. R. Dunlgan 37, Corporal M. J.
Duffy 3**. Corporal J. Murdock 2S. L. Maxon
17. F. Maxon 12. A. Martin 15. O. Welk 32,
C. 11. Carsass 40. W, Taylor 30, P. Johnson 42,
W. D?asy 17. P. H. Markowltz 18. C. McKeon
r<0. C. W. Rldgway 24. J. Opeashaw 34. F. H.
Llnd .;S. F. HllOer 27.
German • Schuetzen Club, monthly contest:
Competition, shoct — F. E. Mason 219. N.
Ahrer.s 221. F. P. Schuster 210, M. F. Blasse
214. D. B. Faktor 225, H. Huber 221, C. Thler
bacb 223. M. Kolandcr 2O0. Bullseye— F. P.
Fthun»r i-25, Aug. Jungblut 3S5, F. E. Ma
yon 410, George II. Bahrs 421. D. B. Faktor
G32. H. Hub*»r C,\::. U. Zecker 801, C. M. Hen
derson Ms. M. F. Blaise S41.
"San Francisco. Schuetzen Vereln, monthly
Jiullseye shoot— F. Rust 237. H. Stelling 207,
Otto Umcke 277. F. Koch 3R4, F. P.
Schustfr 3S9. Fred Brandt 493. August Jung
blut 5.t.">. H. Huber B3S, J. Lankenau 670. R.
Stcttir. 720, D. B. Faktor 923, William Ehrenp
fort 95<: Charles Thierbach 973. D. Dunker
1033. E. Doell 1120. Captain John Thode
1149 A. Westphal 1279. John Gefkln 1293,
David Salfield l.!01 J. Tiedemann I4C0. - .
First and Second Divisions, Xaval Militia.
N. G. C, fired fifteen shots at each distance
2<i0, 300 and 500 yards, thus completing their
State shooting contest. The scores are as fol
lows :
Headguartcrs, Naval Militia, revolver, dis
tance lifty yards, four strings of ten shots
each, ytate shoot — Commander Bauer, 39. 35,
27. 39 — 140; Lieutenant Commander Leland.
44. 4ti, 00. 50 — I'M; Lieutenant G. E. Kam
merer, 34, S5, 39 41 — 149; Lieutenant Harloe,
.i2. 27. 24. 22 — 10T>; . Lieutenant Schilling, 44,
4 ( j, 43. 40—173; Ensign Brophy. 40. 46. 43, .13 —
1«!2; Er.Fign Murphy. 20, P.I, 38, 40—144; Gun
ner O'Hearn, 1C9: Machinist Tucker. 34. 31, 34.
:!:»— 13S: Chief Petty Officer Buckley, 125;
Chief Petty Officer Hilton. 103.
The San Francisco Schuetzen Vereln,
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club, Red
Men's Schuetzen, Germanla Club and
Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club all held
monthly contests.
The staff of Naval Militia shot at the
regulation military target, beinK the fig
ure of a man, at a dilutee of 50 yards.
Lieutenant Commander* and Chief Sur
geon Dr. T. B. "W. Leland aid great work,
striking the nuure twenty consecutive
times, thereby making the "possible." He
made 1» points out of a possible 200 In his
forty shots, one of the best scores on rec
ord with the revolver.
The scores of the different . organiza
tions participating follow:
Independent Klfies, annual prize shoot — G.
Mitchell 3Q, \V. Cook 30. Sergeant C. Andrews
2'J, H. Hilk<-n 2«. H. Reinhardt 20. J. 6. Jones
25. E. Helmke 25. J. H. Kuhlke 2». P. Peter
fron 24, H. Tonnemacher 24, J. Schllchtmann
23. W. Wurtzbach 22. J. Staude 22, H. Kuhlke
21. C. Schilling 21, «-5. Fricker 21. Captain L.
Schneider 21, Corporal II. Marzolf 20, J. Now
desha 18, F. II. Urinkmann 19. H. Gaetzen 19,
O. F. Huber lit. H. Schmidt UK V. Shohay Its
F. Wild 18, M. Moenning IS, Sergeant C.
Schneider 18. C. Granz IS. C. Kornbeck IS. J.
Beh!ir.er IS. K. Wmchrowskl 17. C. Schmidt
17. Sergeant H. Feyge 17. H. Gaetzen Hi, C.
Lindccker 10, J. WilJormuth 1<5. R. Flanigan
16. J. Donovan 15. T. Kellenberger 15. C. Fred
crlckson 15, Lieutenant H. dchllchtmann 15,
C. Iverson 15.
was out in force. It was represented by
the first and second divisions of the Naval
Militia, Comptnies A, G and V of the
First Infantry Regiment. The Indepen
dent Rifles turned out strongly.
The crack of the rifle was heard
throughout the day yesterday at Shell
Mound Park. The occasion whs a record
breaker as far as the number of marks
men participating. The National Guard
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles,
purse — !>»n McfCcnnn !«», R av km. Bessie Mr
l-i.. loby rota Hi. Mcn«I»ur Ueaucaire 107.
Fifth race, one miie and seventy vards
f^ilirp— Hunim.-r II jcs. Filurlan 99, Montana
Peeress 98. Light Opera CO. -uuniana
recv. one «r.d an el=rhth miles. s°ll
«?K— Vlccerne !». El Caney 102. Cartake «4.
|rrr,^o^r EU^ ni Ga!an ( t 4 hJ°9T
11011 87< Peat " : fhe
Third race, six furlongs, purse— Forehand
113. Wreath of Ivy 105 J,ady Fr?e Knitrht
101. I^ora J 101. Athena 101. Lord Uermence
K4. Kclies Ber»cre« loi
Second race, s.lx furlonps selling Sceptre
IC5. Mr. Phlnfzey 114. Weird 111 Russeilton
100. Military 111. Mashoni 35. True Blue H>0
Z-rl 10.-;. Lady Idris 106, Gus Lanka lOs'
Irby Bennett Its, Bweet Charity H;-;. Harry
Griffith H<«.
FT. LOUIS. Sept. 27.— Entries:
First ra<-e, five furlnnps. all mai^n ttro
ypar-olds — Foxy Grandpa '.f, Launay 1<>S
Klowa Chirr 107, J;:dpo Dentori 1W, Ario los'
Tom Olncy los Elle K- r >
ST. LOUIS ENTRIES.
Second race, thort course, steeplechase, han
dicap — FiJelia 140. Mrs. Grannan 138. Handvtce
13S. Oliver Me US, Ceylon 153. Paulaker 135.
Mr. Hose 135, Lauratt 130. Limelight 130, Give
AH 130. Alline Abbott 13i». Itacatlara 127, Flret
Past 125, John E. Owens 125. Snowdrift 125,
Creolta i^5_ Demon!and 125.
Third race, thier -quarter* of a mile. Speed
Ftakrs — Dick Welles 1X3. Beau Ormonde 110,
Gv>ld«-n HuIp 110. Delagoa 107, Gypzene 102.
Fourth race, four and a half furlong":. 2-year
ol<is=— Don Domo ll»i. Clifton Forge 113 'Dick
•Jieixard 114. Lorg Shot luS. Lolly Daly 103
Woodlyn 103. Cvprienne 100. Woeful 100
BBcokwoed Bel!» K-0. I>urbar 100. Tribune 100
Tm.pe J 10(i, Testimony 100.
Fifth race, or.e mile, purse, Chicago Centen
nial — Six Shooter lio. Bragg 105 Dr. Stephens
102. Beau Ormonde 102. Linguist 97. Lord Mel
bourne 91,. By Ways \u25a0£
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles T*r
chin 101. Miracle II 101, Frivol 100. Pirateer
104. Tancred U!>. Rosewater I*?. Pronta «.«5 Ra-
I unta. »0. Frank M 90, Lady Matchless 95
Eraih l!y 94. Glenrice 91.
Flreft race, three-quarters of a mile — Rag
Tbk 105. Orfeo 105. The Kentuckian 102, Bar
dolpb 101. Evelyn Byrd 99, Lady Wentworth »9,
Evening Star aft. Jake Greenberg OS, Bay
Wcnder GS, Ivernia 97, First Chip 97. Duchess
Hanna 97. Stemwinder 96. Alee 94, Ocean
Dream 02.
CHICAGO, Sept. 27.— Entriee
HARLEM ENTRIES.
Fifth race, six and a half furlongs of the
Withers mile. 2-year-olds — Rain or Shine 110.
Monadnock 1(C, liurdette 107. Grade B 104,
IJobacUl 110, The Southerner 107. Aurumaster
104, Anirad 107. Moharib 114, Green Crest 104.
Precious Stone 111.
Sixth race. Withers mile, celling, 3-year-olds
— Flara 103. Gold Van 107, Boutonnlere 104.
Highlander 106, Trinity Bell 103, Enue »4,
Meistersinger 106. Kingralne 106, Forward 1OS.
Outsider 105. TritK-s Hill 114, Duelist lOti,
Locket 105. Past 100.
Fourth race, the Jerome, one and five-sSx
teer.th miles over the hill— Grey Friar 111,
Eugenia Burca 110. High Chancellor 114, Ros
tand 'Uif.
Third race. Eelipre course, the Matron. Fil
lies — Monocnord 1U9. Euphrates 1OU, Lady
Amelia 1X1. Kaglan 121, iVr Luck 1U9. Uei
dame 123, Marioram 111, Armenia 111, Mineola
111.
'MORRIS PARK ENTRIES.
NEW YORK. Sept. ZZ. — Entries:
First race, seven furlongs ol the Withers
mile— Castahaa ltfl. The Fiddler 110. Kffle
Sheppard 103, Sijuid 103, Hyland 10(5. Cottage
ilaid 103. Brigand ltH>,**Queen Elizabeth 1WJ.
Prince Ching lu.'J Love Note 103. Daring Sailor
103. I)r. Bifrsell 107. Pipe 1U.J. Samaden 11*.
tjeeond race. Eclipse course, the Matron Coits
and Geldings — xiain or Shine 117. Mercury 112.
Hippocrates 111, Orthodox 10», Adbeil 112. The
Minuie Man 117. Collector Jessup 112, Blythe
cess 103.
Coming as It does so close on the heels
of the close at the Gravesend meeting,
the entries for the first (lay's sport are
much better than was expected. Wiln
anything like the beautiful weather which
prevailed during the greater part of the
last two weeks, the autumn season at
WVstchestcr snould be a phenomenally
g-ocd one.
Among the jockeys now riding Burns
speaks in glowing terms of Odom, who,
he declares, would make a great hit on
the English turf. Fuller is a line natur
al lory; distance jockey, Burns says.
O'Neil also has captivated Burns' atten
tion. The great feature of the riding of
Fuller, O'Neil and Odom Is that appar
enty they are part of the horse they are
on. This, Burns says, makes them im
prove upon the old fashioned scrt of rid
in S .
.'MORRIS PARK. N. J.. Sept. 27.—Met
ropolitan racegoers welcome the advent
of the fall meeting at Morris Park, -which
will begin to-morrow. There was much
reckless riding at the recent meeting at
Grave-send and the excuse was made that
the circular course was to blame. Large
fields of horses required to run around the
turn at top speed helped to precipitate
accidents and to EUi>ply a plausible de
fense for riders charged with unfair
work. That slate of affairs will not pre*
vail at Morris Park, the Eclipse course ob
viating any crowding. There is but one
turn In any race up to one mile and a
quarter.
Special Dleratch to The Call.
Record Breaking Attendance
at the Shell Mound
Ranges.
Naval Militia Surgeon
Makes'Perfect Score
With Revolver.
Welcome the Change to
Straight-Away
Courses.
LELAND PROVES
A CLEVER SHOT
RACEGOERS TURN
TO MORRIS PARK
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 28; 1903.
Mistral Is Winner in 21-Foot Ciass and Royal First Among 30-Foot
ers—Vincent's YawKjola Wins Handicap Regatta of the Cali
fornias, Gypsie Taking Second and Thelma Third Place
SLOOP QUEEN BEATS ALL COMPETITORS
IN SAN FRANCISCO YACHT CLUB RACE
6
APVEBTISEMEIiTS.
One fimk mmfi
Bottle/^ w™
p r? BLADDER :
ulir6S?!X CURE
For pains In tht back, Brlarhfg dit- '
eate, laccntiaence of urike. brick !
dnrt. depooit, bed-wetting-, gravel!
dropry, diabetes, rheumatism;
. Only by removing poleonous acid on :
rheumatic and neuralgic troubles h» '\u25a0
cured Uric acid finds it. way Into t£ '
blood because, the Kidneys are weakened =
and do not throw it off from the system!
Bcston the ICIrtr.ey, aad you restore the
power that will force the uric acid r«,™
tbe body. That is Just what McBuraJ?.
Kidney and Bladder Cure d"j T It drivJ '
tbe deadly uric acid from the Wood, n "
nistains the organs that eustaln Ufe and i
£e forces that make blood. McBumey-.
Kidney and Bladder cure, $1 60 III
druggist*. Booklet with .worn state-
ments of cures free. W. F McBurn-t I
Sol. Mfr.. 226 S. Spring st.. tJiJ^i/,: I
®Vim, Vigor. Vitality lor *//»»»
MORMON BISHOP'S PIL-ji
have been In use over nriy
years by the Jeaders of th*
Mormon Cfcurch and their
followers. Positively cure the
worst case« In old and young
arUlng from effects of \u25a0elf-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette amoklng. Cure Lost
Manhood. Impofiijcy. Lost
Power. Night Losses Insom-
r;a, l'aii;s l:i Back. EMI Deelrea, Lame Back.
Nervous £>etUity, Hradacbe, Unfitness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen. *** / f^ Varlcocele or Con-
ttipatioa Step Ker *3 SJ vous Twitching of
Eyelids, ilffects are Immediate. Imi^iri
vigor and potency*-^™ • » to every function.
Don't get despondent, .a cure is at hand. 1 Re-
•tore email, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the bralo and nerve centers; 60c a box: V lot
12 50 by rca.l. A written guarantee to cure cr
money refunded with fl becee. Orculars frse.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis st..
Can Francisco. CaL GKA1CT DRUG CO., AJ
•vad 40 Third «t
ADVERTISEMENTS.
t \u25a0
HAVANA CIGARSEX-COXVICT AND POLICEMAN WHO BROUGHT HIM DOWN WITH A
PISTOL BULLET AS HE WAS TRYING TO ESCAPE ARREST ON A
CHARGE OF BUR*GLARY.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
. Sunday,' September. 27.
Bchr Mary C, Campbell,' 10 hours from Bo
deP V DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Sept 27— Strnr FarallonJ
from Skagway.
BALLARD— Arrived Sept 27— Ship Jabez
Howes, from Port Am«Im
President Will Entertain Mitchell.
OYSTER BAY. Sept. 27.— On Tuesday
afternoon the President will ha; t as guest
at luncheon in Washington John Mitchell,
president of the United Mlns Workers of
America. . Several .months ' ago the Presi
dent invited Mitchell to take luncheon" or
dine with him when he : next came to
Washington. The mine workers' presi
dent is in Washington now and will be
there until Tuesday evening.
If go, look" through our framed picture
department and see how beautiful and
attractive the new pictures - are and at
such moderate prices. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. •
Interested in Framed PicturesP
Find Destitute Woman and Child.
Mrs. R. W. Owens and her small child,
who arrived here from Chicago a few
days ago, taken to the City Prison
last night by Patrolman Chopin and
given In charge of the matron. The
woman is sick and In destitute circum
stances. She states that she came here'
to Join her brother-in-law, but as he has
a large family and is very poor, he could
nothing toward helping her. She will be
kept under the matron's care till a home
is found for her and her child.
WACO, Texas. Sept. 27.— A strike on the lo
cal street car system went Into effect this
morning and not a car has moved to-day- The
men demand recognition \u25a0 of th« union and an
increase in wtto.
James Ford died at the Southern Pacific
Hospital yesterday afternoon and his
body was removed to the Morgue. Ford
was employed as a" laborer on the South
ern Pacific . Railroad at Concord. Contra
Costa County, and while unloading rails
on August 24 one of the rails slipped and
fell on his foot, crushing it severely. He
was brought to the Southern Pacific Hos
pital in this city, but gangrene set In.
causing death.
Died From His Injuries.
Handball Match for George James.
A large gallery watched George Jnmes
and Louis Levy play a match game of
handball yesterday in the Olympic Club
court. Levy won the first game, 21-19. He
then became overconfident and lost the
next two arid the match, tne score being
21-15, 21-16. The players proved so evenly
matched that thev will meet again. It is
possible the club directors will offer a
special trophy.
CHICAGO, Bept. 27.— Alexander Clark, pro
moter of the Chicago Elevated Loop and the
North Shore Electric !,;n<\ was found dead
early to-day in the Traitlng-room of the Wis
consin Central station at Antioch, III. Death
was due to heart trouble.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 2.— Jam°s W.
Brooks has issued the forma! announce
ment of his stakes for the coming winter
meeting at Ascot Park. There are sixteen
stakes listed, including thn e steeple
chases, with added money running from
$1000 to $2500. Assurances have been re
ceived from the East that the liberality
of the inducements will result in bringing
to Los Angeles many horses of high class.
Ascot Park Stake Races.
C >! Delicacy. «
— ** n I ~" m;
COXTESTAN-TS '„ S* o| ry< S =
F. M. Halght SS S2.4IS8. 4176.8 91.6
F. M. Kaight 103 !
W. O. Brooks 120 S6.S RS [85 86. «
C. R. Kenlft 121
T. W, Brotherton |S2
T. W. Brotherton 01.3
J. B. Kenniff 123102.8 02.8175.10 84. 3!!>5.S
J. B. Kenniff...: 1 (OS.S
T. C. KlerulfT.... 100 S3 |S7.4 Sn.4 S5.6IS4.5
T. C. Kienilft »4 S4.S N9.8'R!>.2 J80.5IMM.1
A. M. Blade JW|85.4iS6.SI73.4 SO
A. M. Blade 86|69.4!S3.4i73.4 !7S.4|
SATURDAY CONTESTS.
T. W. Brothorton. 126 92.SJ88- 193.4 01.2 t>5
T. \V. Brotherton 1 06. s
G. C. Edwarrts... 100 8(5.8 04.8]8o.lO 0O.3 S.1.2
G. C. Edwards 1 83.9
C. R. KenlfT I
T. C. Klerulff.... 108 S». 4 fit. SjR3. 10 84.9175.1
CO. Young 89 I0O.SIR2.6 S8. 7
C. G. Young I as !SO.S!82.C S6.l|.'...
There was an excellent open-air vaude
ville programme rendered during the af
ternoon. Several clever artists, includ
ing Billy Wilson, comedian; Cosette, In
perio-comic sketches, and Fredlander
brothers, musical comedians, entertained
the throng. Billy Vosmer made a daring
balloon ascension at the conclusion of
the show and disappeared In the clouds.
He is one of the star balloonlsts of the
country and performed marvelous trapeze
work while on his journey upward.
The programme next Sunday will be
entirely new and "Soldier Ware" will
leave Coney. Island In his monster airship
for a trip to Mars. :•. '
The Coney Island recently established
at the ocean beach was crowded with
patrons yesterday morning and afternoon.
The resort is becoming the center of at
traction at the beach and all who visit it
are pleased with the attractions.
and New Attractions Are Se
cured for Next Sunday.
Baring Balloonist Slakes Ascension
CONEY ISLAND DRAWS
CROWDS TO THE BEACH
The regular season of the San Francisco
Klycastlng Club having- closed, the mem
bers met yesterday nr.d Saturday at Stow
Lake to make up back scores. T. W.
Brotherton, J. B. Kenniff and C. R. Ken
nlff each cast over 120 feet. The official
scores:
FLYCASTERS TAKE PART
IN RE-ENTRY CONTESTS
The crime for which Conlon was arested
was the stealing of some carpenter's tools
belonging to R. L. Nichols, from a new
building at the corner of Third and Clay
rtreets Friday night.
Although but 23 years old Cor.lon has
already acquired quite a criminal record.
H? began his career of crim« In UOL He
was caught robbing railway cars and was
was then taken to the City Prison and
charged with burglary.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 27.— Within twen
ty-four hours after ' she had positively
identified a corpse as that of her husband,
Mrs. T. C. Carter of Whlttler was amazed
to see her husband, alive and In the best
of health, walk into the house In which
she is living. Before he reached her the
shock was so great that she fainted and
became hysterical. Her condition is still
serious.
Mrs. Carter came here several weeks
ago from Greenville. Tex., to vUit-frlends
in Whittier. She was accompanied by her
11-year-old' son. Ten days ago the boy
fell off a house and fractured both of his
legg. Tetanus set in and he died within
three days. During the boy's Illness she
telegraphed to her husband, telling him
to come to Whlttler at once. She heard
no more from him until she saw him to
day.
A week ago the body of an unknown
man was found in a lodging-house on
North Main street. Ho had died of heart
disease, and there was nothing on his
person by which his identity could be
discovered. The body was burled In the
Potter's field. Mrs. Carter saw the ac
count of the finding of the body In the
newspapers, and as she could find no
trace of her husband she decided to in
vestigate the identity of the unknown.
She obtained permission from the Coroner
to exhume the body, and went to the cem
etery with &r. undertaker, who removed
the body from the grave. When she saw
it she declared at once that it was that
of her husband. There were certain
marks about the face, she said, which
made her positive. She had the body re
buried and the grave marked, it being
her intention to remove it to Whittier
later. Then she returned home, grieving
over the death of both husband and son.
To-day Carter arrived in Whlttler, and
his wife from the window of her room
saw htm enter the yard. Then she faint
ed. He explained that he had been de
layed en route from Texas because the
conductors would not recognize his trav
eling card as a member of a railroad or
ganization.
The identity of the dead man may never
be discovered.
Corpse as That of Spouse Re
ceives a Shock.
HUSBAND COMES BACK
AS FROM THE DEAD
Whittier Woman Who Had Identified
sentenced to one year in San Quentin. In
1S02 he was given six months in the City
Prison for battery on a young girl. Feb
ruary 7, 1903, he was again confined in the
City Prison for ninety days for stealing
Manila rope from a vessel on the water
front.
A short time ago he and some other men
robbed a man named Michael Harrington,
but escaped prison, through Harrington's
refusal to prosecute.
HOUSTOX. Texas. Sept*^7.— Th« Post to
morrow will publish & r^>rt showing that
great damage has been dene to cotton ever
th« Btate by boll w«>ev11. th« boll worm, the
sharpshooter and dry weather.
Preliminary round — Herbert Lonr and Sid
ney Smith beat W. H. Averell and Ben Wood.
6-4 13-11- Bradley Wallace and Daniel Volk
mann (30) beat Ray Cornell and Homer Parker
(owe V, 15) 0-4. 6-4; Frank Mitchell and
Will Collier '(owe 15) beat Herbert Gray and
Hany McAfee <30). 6-2. B-0: Harry Rolfe and
Herbert Schmidt beat C. J. Smith and A.
Beyfuss. 2-0. 8-6. 6-2. . :
First round— Long and Smith beat Dr.
Lovegrove and W. S. Dole. fi-4. 6-3: Mitchell
and Collier (Owe 15) beat Wallace and Volk
mann (30) 5-7 6-0. 9-7: Schmidt and Rolfe
tVrt beat Smith and MacGavin (owf Vt 15).
«-3 3-« 6-3: Will Allen and Dr. Hill b*at
Frank StrlngHam and Charles Kuehn (4-6).
Semi-finals— Mitchell and Collier (owe 15)
beat Long and Smith (30). 6-2. 6-2: Allen and
Hill beat Rolfe and Schmidt (M 15) 6-2. 6-4.
Finals— Allen and Hlir (15) beat Collier
and Mitchell. 6-4. 3-6. 6-4.
Two of the four matches played at the
park were extremely close. George Janes
and H, Russell gave R. N. "Whitney and
J. F. Brady 1-6 and after v three deuce seta
won by a narrow margin. Janes and
Russell figured In another close match
and one that proved the best of the day.
With a handicap of "2-6" they won the
first set from Harry Routh and Charles
Dunlap, but lost the next two. The last
set was an extremely long one. In which
twenty-two games were played.
In the two matches played by the Ba
ker brothers, the other scratch team, they
won easily.
The matches played yesterday resulted
as follows:
George Janes and H. Russell (2-6) beat R.
N Whitney and . J. F. Brady <3-6). 5-7, 8-4,
8-6- Baker brothers, (scratch) beat C. Teller
and' J. Otes (5-6). 6-1. 7-5; Harry Routh and
Charles Dunlap (scratch) beat Russell and
Janes (2-6) 3-6, 6-4. 12-10; Baker brothers
beat Horace Mann and E. P. Finnegan (4-6),
6-2. 6-4. :^j
Two Interesting tennis tournaments
were played yesterday. The California
Club opened the winter season with a
handicap doubles for two new silver chal
lenge cups- The handicap doubles tourna
ment commenced on the park courts a
week ago was completed down to the fin
als. Dr. Hill and Will Allen carried off
the honors on the club courts. The suc
cessful players on the public courts were
Harry Routh and Charles Dunlap and
the Baker brothers'.
Thirteen teams participated on the Cal
ifornia courts and considering It was the
first handicap event, the committee ar
ranged the handicaps well. The scratch
teams were Will Collier and Frank
Mitchell and Drummond MacGavin and
Grant Smith. The committee was desir
ous of Riving the poorer players a bet
ter chance than usual and the scratch
men were called upon to concede heavy
odds.
In the final match Hill and Allen beat
Mitchell and Collier two sets out of
three. In the first set through a. misun
derstanding the scratch team 'allowed
odds of "15 and owe H 15" Instead of "13."
In the last two sets "15" was allowed.
The match was close and Interesting from
start to finish. Smith and MacGavin were
put out by Harry Rolfe and Herbert
Schmidt, who received "15 and owe Vi 15."
The scratch men did not overwork them
selves and .the youngsters, aided by their
handicaps, won two sets out of three.
The results:
Interesting Tournament Games Are
Played on Both the Club and
the Public Courts.
The house was profusely decorated with
choice flowers and bright bouquets and
vases of flowers were brought by rela
tives; while numerous gifts were received
from' friends from many parts of the
country.
Mr and Mrs. Borren were married on
September 27, 1S53, in New York City,
where the groom was engaged in the fur
niture business. -He came to this country
from Berlin, where he was" born Septem
ber 25, 182S. Mrs. .Borren also came from
Germany, her birth place being near
Frankfort.
The Borrens arrived in San Francisco
in 1S84. Mr. Borren had some interesting
stories of the early sixties which served
TENNIS PLAYERS COMPETE
IN DOUBLES MATCHES
Borren celebrated their golden
wedding yesterday at their residence, 429
Grove street.
SURROUNDED by a family of nine
children and five grandchildren
and scores of life-long and devot
ed friends, Mr. and Mrs. Kauman
The golden wedding reception was to
have lasted from 2 o'clock in the after
noon (phntll 5 o'clock in the evening, but
the string of well wishers continued pay
ing their congratulatory calls until long
after that hour.
Mr. and Mrs. Borren's children who
were present at the golden wedding fes
tivity included Joseph, Saul, Abe, Ben,
Harry, Mannle, Mrs. I. Fox. Mrs. Wil
liam Wolff and Miss Bessie Borren.
to entertain his numerous callers. With
a memory as keen as that of a youth he
told of the opportunities grasped and lost
by the settlers. With all the hope that
was entertained for the growth of San
Francisco no one. he said, anticipated In
those pioneer days that the city would
develop so soon to be one of the most
Important centers from a commercial and
social standpoint in the world.
O. E." Evans, a Former Building and
Loan Solicitor, Is Arrested
Here.
O. E. Evans, formerly a building and
loan solicitor for the Pacific Coast Sav
lr ps ; Society cf this city, was arrested
early yesterday morning at the Langham
Hotel "by DetectSrea whitaker. O'Dea and
Mulcahy. He is wanted in Napa on a
charpe of jrranrt larceny.
About a month ajrr> Chief Wittman r*
crlved a circular from Sheriff Dunlap of
Na.pa glvliys a description of Evans and
Ftsting that he was war.tr>d for swindling
Mrs. Annir O?chn«»r of Napa out of $100.
Detect!** Whitaker was detailed on the
cas=« and ho learned that Evans had reg
ister»Kj at the Langham Hotel on August
4 and had left a wc-tk later, but he would
occasionally Besifl a messenger for his
mail or would call himsrlf at nights. The
hotel people were instructed to keep a
lookout for him.
Early yesterday morning police head
quarters was notified that Evans had reg
istered at th<? hotel and ha<l taken a
zoom*. The detectives hurried to the hotel
arid soon had Evans under arrest. Sheriff
T">unlap was Informed of the arrest of
Fvans and replied that he would send for
htm at once.
WANTED IN KAPA CITY
FOB GHAKD LABCENY
*: V"-<v AKLAND, Sept. T,.— While at
fi j\ tempting to escape from Pollce
•\\ JJ man John P. gcanlan to-day, ex-
convict and burglar Frank E.
• .«* Cor.lon was shot in the leg and
raptured after a short run.
Pdtrol^Aii Scar.lan was standing at
•Seventh Adeline streets when PoIIce
*man Curtis came along and faid that the
chief wanted Conion. Remarking that he
f:ao> just emn Ccnlon er»ter his house at
Third and Linden streets. Scar.lan started
.cut to. get his man.
•*On reaching Third and LJnden streets
saw Conlon standing- on the oppo
site corner In company with three other
yr-nr.g turn. . Walking over to the crowd
Pcantaui-told Conlon that he wanted him.
• Instead of complying with the policeman's
order and surrendering, the ex-convict
<i Sickly seized one of his companions and
:r.rust him in front of himself, using him
# .-.5 a gtlard. He knew what he was wanted
*'or and his criminal mind immediately
•"nnceived the idea of resisting arrest.
Knowtpg that Scapian wouM shoot him if
r<?ed be. »he rushed his friend toward
. 'J*e> ofjeer and rapidly started backward.
• As. Scanian made a ru«h for him Conlon
;.-<*se.ned his grasp on his improvised
afsd**shoved him Into the arms of
•he olSfcer. The move gave him a good
r-.-Jvantage and like a flash he started to
run down the street.
• At this juncture Scanlan disengaged
himself from Conlon's companion and
•\u25a0hield and fired .->t the flee'nc figure. His
rim xe^s true and the ex-convict fell with
*. bullet thrpugh his leg.
Ha was talcT. Into cu«truiy and conveyed
'„: the* Emcrgrr.cy Hospital, where it was
tcund that no bones were broken, merely
• flesh wound havinsr been Inflicted. He
PIOXEER COUPLE OF THIS CITY WHO CELEBRATED THEIR GOLDEN*
WEDDING YESTERDAY, THEIR NINE CHILDREN AND FIVE
GRANDCHILDREN BEING PRESENT TO ASSIST IN FESTIVITIES.
BOGOTA. Sept. 27.— The . Minister ot
State to-day made public the demands of
the cable company, which asks for a new
concession lasting twenty years and tho
privilege of raising the tariff. Among the
reasons given for the Government's re
fusal of this proposition is that an Italian
company has applied to establish a new
system of wireless telegraphy.
PANAMA, Sept. 27.— It is announced
that the cable service to Buen.% Ventura
will be closed at the end of September.
The Inspector of telegraphs has received
orders from Eogota to close the Central
and South American Company's offices in
this town on the suspension of the ser
vice to Buena Ventura. If the Govern
ment carries out its threat the company
will lose heavily.
The Government in the meantime is
making efforts to establish the Marconi
system of wireless telegraphy between
Panama. Chlriqul, Buena Ventura, Colon.
Bocas del Toro and Cartagena. It ls also
reported that the West Indian and Pan
ama Telegraph Company will offer to con- ,
struct a cable to Buena Ventura.
Colombian Government Refuses to
Grant the Demands of the Tele
graph. Company.
BUENA VENTURA CABT-E
SERVICE TO BE CLOSED
Rev. George W. White, the recently se
lected pastor of the Central Methodist
Episcopal Church, appeared In the pulpit
yesterday morning and gave bis Initial
eermon. The edifice was well filled with
worshipers, and the occasion was In every
way a good augury for tho future career
of the new pastor. He chose for his text
the second and seventeenth verses of the
seventy-third Psalm: "As for me. my feet
had almost slipped and my steps had well
nigh gone • • • until I went Into the
sanctuary of God."
Dr. White ls one of the best known men
In the Methodist church in the State of
California. He was born In Indiana in
1S58, but spent most of his younger life In
Iowa. Ha attended Cornell College, in
Iowa, and entered the ministry In 1SS0.
He came . to Southern California In 1SS*
and served as pastor for the church at
Alhambra, Fallbrook and San Bernardino,
and was made presiding elder of the Loj
Angeles district in 1S02. His brilliant suc
cess in that capacity led the trustees of
the University of Southern California to
elect him president of that institution.
He tired of this work and was chosen' to
tafce charge of the splendid church at
Pomona. He has done a great deal of
Chautauqua work in his ministry, and Is
regarded as highly proficient in letters.
To-morrow evening- a. reception will bo
tendered Dr. and Mrs. White in the par
lors of the church.
Where does Mr. Clarke stand On the "war
amendments"? Docs he believe in them or
will he favor their repeal? 13 he in harmony
with Senator Tillman. who has boasted that
whenever colored voters attempt to exercise
the elective franchise in South Carolina he
will meet the attempt with a shotgun? If
elected to the Senate will Mr. Clarke join his
colleague from Tennessee. Mr. Carmack. and
vote for his resolution to repeal the fifteenth
amendment? Is Mr. Clarke willing to ex
plain his position on these vital questions?
Where does Mr. Clarke stand on the Philip
pine question? Does he stand with I Mr.
Bryan when he is lobbying at the Capitol at
Washington for the ratification of the treaty
that ceded the islands to us? Or. later, when
in the campaign of 19W he advocated an
"American protectorate"? X>r when. still
later, he declared for their "absolute inde
pendence"? Does Mr. Clarke staftd for any
or all three of these propositions? Does Mr.
Clarke side with the Eastern Democrats, the
"reorBanlzers" ?
Democracy to-day wears so many colors, ap
pears under so many different shapes and
forms, assumes bo many illfeuispis that I feel
it would be unfair to Senator Hanna to ask
him to meet Mr. Clarke in a joint debate until
he ls advised more fully as to Mr. Clarke's
position on the subjects above alluded to:
until he learns what particular brand of
Democracy Mr. Clarke claims as his; until he
knows whether he is" expected to debate with
Mr Clarke, the corporation lawyer, or Mr.
Clarke, the candidate for United States Sen
ator.
The Republican State platform declares that
every one of the "war amendments" 13 bind
ing in honor upon every American citizen.
Why did Mr. Clarke say in his Akron speech
that that platform "winds up with a declara
tion that amounts to a nullification of the
fifteenth amendment"?
AS TO THE WAR AMENDMENTS.
Mr. Clarke has all these strings on his bow
and more. too. What chance does Mr.
Hanna who has only one string to his bow,
have, in disputation with such a man? Mr.
Har.na stands pat. When Mr. Clarke joins a
party that stands pat on anything, Mr.
Hanna will talk with him.
Then there is the coinage question. How
does Mr Clarke stand on that?' The abso
lution Mr. Bryan save him would argue that
he ls not a stand-patter: Indeed. Mr. Bryan
says he is' not. Then, if Mr. Clarke is really
on the Kansas City platform and ls bound to
have a. "debate with somebody, let him hunt up
the Palmer and Buckner platform and debate
•wiih- that. If on the other hand, he ls still
a gold bug he has no quarrel with Mr. Hanna
on that *core — ex-Senator Charles A. Towne
is the man he is looking for, or the Hon.
John J. I^ents mlpht do in a pinch. If Mr.
Clarke were elected to the Senate, would h«
vote on the currency question with the gold
Democrats or with free silver Democrats?
I regret that candor compels me to say that
I find some rather terlous objections \u25a0 to the
conditions of your proposal. Tii ere ought to
be some separate quality a3 mutuality in a
.'olnt discussion. I fear you have overlooked
that phase of the case. L*t me partlcularfze :
Mr Hanna' s party • has -but on? set of prin
ciple while Mr. Clarke's party has a vast
assortment of principles, sounding the enUre
gamut from doctrine to dogma— Democratic,
Popultet Agrarian and Socialistic.
There is the tariff. How dws Mr. Clark*
otand on that ls?ue? His party stands all
over it. In New Kngland it is for free raw
material and for protected flnlsrhed product?:
in Texas it is for protected raw materials
and tor free finished products.
Does Mr. Clarke favor a tariff for revenue
only or a tariff for revenue with incidental
prctectlon? Is he a Gorman tariff Democrat or
a Johnson no-tariff Democrat? If he favors any
kind of a tariff, let him debate with Mr.
Johnson who is an absolute free trader, and
would repeal every tariff and internal revenue
law and sell all the custom-houses.
ONE STRING TO HANNA'S BOW.
COLUMBUS. Ohio, Sept. 27.~The reply
of Chairman Dick of the Republican
State Committee to Charles Salen of. the
Democratic State Committee, declin
ing the challenge of John H. Clarke,
Democratic nominee for the United States
Senate, to a Joint debate with Senator M.
A. Hanna, was given out to-night. Chair
man Dick says in part:
Eminent Divine of Southern
California Discourses on
Christianity.
Challenger Must First Ex
plain His Stand on
• Farty Issues.
Senator Not to Meet
Ohio's Democratic
Leader.
Rev. G. W. White Occu
pies Pulpit of Central
M. E. Church.
HANNA-CLARKE
DEBATE IS OFF
PASTOR DELIVERS
INITIAL SERMON
THE SAST FBAK CISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 1903.
Two Generations of Children and a Host of Friends Gither
to Offer Their Congratulations to Mr. and Mrs. Kauman
Borren, Who Have Passed Fifty Years in Happy Wedlock
AGED COUPLE CELEBRATE
THEIR GOLDEN WEDDING
Ex-Convict Frank E. Conlon, Wanted for Theft of Carpenters'
Tools, Refuses to Submit to Arrest and Runs for Freedom, but a
Shot in the Leg Stops His Flight and He Must Answer for His Crime
ESCAPING BURGLAR BROUGHT TO EARTH
BY POLICEMAN'S WELL-AIMED BULLET
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
; ::; : ;J| ROASTS
t&*W^^^$ty A good roast is the foundation
\ j ft KL Shf?%^— 3§£ " of a good dinner. Roasts arc
IP /Wbv El f? \ made good, delicious and ap-
\ M$%k wzh petizine; if just touched up
u wi#f with a tcaspoonful of
! SAUCE
% ' THE ORIGINAL WORCESTERSHIRE.
' Add it to oyster stews, soups, fish, salads, chops, pot-au-feu,
• "ft meats hot or cold, game, rarebit, macaroni, etc.
I •
y JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS, Agenti, NEW YORK.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
j H Let us make]
Ip you a suit to
fj your measure
BE — 11 If we make you a suit you are sure to get
1 C" \\ satisfaction. You will be satisfied from the day
il II you put the garments on to the day you lay them >
Ip II We know we can please you in fit and style.
[L 11 - If perchance the suit should need a little altering ] |
£ — JJ we will readily do it, for we want only perfect j
g* JJ fits to leave our establishment. \u25a0 Jf after purchase "
t 1 1 you in any way are dissatisfied we will make you
fl" another suit at no extra charge; or if preferable re- g
[ fund your money. |
[ We know the suit will wear to your entire satis-
I faction, for the quality .contained in the garments is
j superior to that found in the usual suits made at the
1 'same price. *
In addition to style, fit and value you get our re- 5 |
f pairing guarantee, which is your protection. All re-
pairing, sponging and pressing we do free of charge.
Why not place a trial order. Prices |
$10 to $35
Out-of-tozvn customers can secure a satisfactory
fit through our self-measuring system — write for
blank and samples. I
s-fl-Woop'frfp--
i ... \u25a0
74O Market Street and J
Corner Powell and Eddy Streets ITHE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 1903.
8
HELP WAITED — MALE — Co».
MURRAY A READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
Phone Main 581S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
1902 WE GAVE 1903 WE'LL GIVE
45,000 MEN WORK. 60,000 MEN WORK.
; '• V "\u25a0'. \u25a0 • *
0697 men wanted to-day for
ARIZONA. OREGON.
NEVADA, WILLITS. UKIAH,
And All Points North. East. South, on South-
ern Pacific and Santa Fe systems; free pass.
ON EVERY TRAIN.
Section hands. Muckers. Drillers.
."\u25a0 Extra gangs. Teamsters. Hammersmen.
MINES— TUNNELS— QUARRIES.
9« miners all over State, $00 and *S2 SO.
1R5 drillers, all over the State. $82 60, $75.
864 laborers and muckers, everywhere, »60,
175. |82 50. .
64 Umbermen, carmen, furnace men, $60 to
$90.
DIAMOND MATCH CO.— $1 FEE.
186 laborers, teamsters, drillers, etc., $75,
FRUIT PICTCERS— $1 FED.
137 fruit pickers, men or boys, $30 to $37 60
and found.
STABLES. FARMS, ORCHARDS. DAIRIKS.
236 farm and orchard hands. $30. $35, $40
and fcund.
56 milkers, butter and cheese makers, $30 to
$50 and found.
26 choremen, coachmen, gardeners, eta, $30
* to $40 and found.
10 stablemen, city and country Jobs, |30 to
$00 and found.
MURRAY A READY. 634-638 Clay st.
COOKS. WAITERS. PORTERS.
24 cooks, hotels, camps, restaurants, mines
and ranches, city and country. *30 to $70 fd.
12 waiters, city and country. $25 to $40 fd.
Office boy, run errands, city. $5 week.
10 elevator boys and porters.
Steward, country hotel.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay wt.
MECHANICAL AND OTHERS.
3 slack coopers. 0c; 8 cabinetmakers.
Cutoff sawyer; 12 boys, learn trades, city. '
86 BLACKSMITHS.
Also many helpers, all over California, $50,
$00, $70. $60. $90 and found.
LOCATED EVERYWHERE.
636 laborers and teamsters, city and country:
some factories, mills, warehouses, excavat-
ing, building, etc.: many in San Francisco;
lots to board home, $2, $2 25. $2 50, $2 75
day; 96 carmen and furnacemen, $67 and
$75; 35U3 positions net advertised.
COME— SEE.
Best place at MURRAY A READY'S
Blggesf wages at 634-636 Clay st.
CARPENTERS.
1C carpenters, large company, fare $1; $90.
20 carpenters, flume work, $90. '
16 ranch carpenters, ?3 day.
MURRAY A READY, 634-636 Clay st.
SAWMILLS — WOODS.
IN 4 STATES.
633 laborers, no experience wanted, $40 to
$70 and found.
106 mill and yard men, $50 to $150.
365 woodchoppers.
287 tlemakers.
All clarees of experienced men for woods,
mills, etc.. from $50. $60. $70. $80. $90, $100.
$125 to $150 month.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
SPECIAL— SPECIAL. "
TO-DAY.
ARIZONA TO-NIGHT
Marysvllle Chico. Placervllle.
186 carpenters' helpers laborers, teamsters,
drillers and other help; you go; $52 50, $75,
$67 50.
BIG SAWMILL'
3 log loaders. $65; 2 Umber fellers. $60.
Band resawyer.
SANTA CRUZ COUNTY.
26 laborers to pile lumber $60.
WILLITS— UKIAH. • J
164 teamsters, laborers', etc.. free fare. $67 80"
NEW JOB— COUNTY ROAD WORK.
65 laborers; anybody can do It- fare $1 $60.
WAREHOUSE WORK.
25 laborers, you'll suit, $3 day.
RESERVOIR WORK.
06 teamsters, laborers, fare $1 20, $60, $67 50.
OREGON.
COAL MINERS— OREGON— FREE FARE.
65 coal miners. Oregon $3 to $5 day.
BIG NEW TUNNEL— HALF FARE.
63 tunnelmen. $S2 50.
12 butchers, different Jobs, $30, $35, $40 $60.
$70. $S0 and found.
Pigs' feet ohaver, J2 25 day; handy man with
knife. $2 25.
3 meat cutters, $15 week.
Best Wages at MURRAY * READY'S,
Best Places at 634-630 Clay et.
BOARD YOITRSELVES^ ~~
J2 25 DAY— STEADY WORK.
155 Greeks or Portuguese; new work.
155 Italians or Slavonians; new work.
155 Austrians cr Spaniards; new work.
155 Mexicans or Russians; new work
MURRAY A READY. C34-636 Clay st.
MIDNIGHT ORd¥rs! .
Grader, sugar pine lumber, $90.
Pipe man, lumber company, $2 50 day.
Teamster for mine. 4 horse*, $10 found. ]
Concrete man, foundation work, winery, '
Steam fitter, pipe work, factory, 52 50 day.
2 young men. learn leather tannin?. JO week.
Man and wife, ranch, easy Job, ?5O found.
12 laborers, factor}', near city, $14 week.
C carpenters, north. $75. i
FREE FARE.f
26 laborers. 1) hours. $2 25 day.
Lathe hand machinist. lf>c fare, $3 day.
Meat cutter, shop, SIS; shop butcher, $2 50.
TO EL— D — CO.
25 laborers, fare paid, lumber company, $00.
25 laborer*, you'll suit, $00 to $75.
FKEE FAKE— 9 HOURS' WORK.
25 laborers. $07 50.
155 ITALIANS— FREE FARE.
TO LOS ANGELES AND ARIZONA.
3 tinsmiths, factory, city. $3 day.
2 milk wagon drivers. $25 and found.
Sheep shearer, 7c head.
Camp waiter, $25 found; married bartender,
$15 week.
Cooper, factory. 15c fare. $3 25 day.
3 painters, stripe and letter. $2 50 to $3 day.
Latimlryman. all around, fare $1 25, $2 50.
MURRAY A READY. C34-C3G Clay st.
WHY pay big price* to have your chocs half-
soled when you can get it done for 25c, 50c
and COc, while you wait at 563 Mission st.,
bet. 1st and 2d sts.. or 11 Third st? Open
evening? until 10 o'clock except Sundays.
WANTED — First-class barber for country: ap-
ply Monday and Tuesday between 12 and 2,
at WILL & FINCK'B.
__
WANTED — Good barber at C17 Montgomery st.
BARBER wanted. 222* East st.. South.
BOY for errands, etc.; good wages. H. KRA-
MER, 20 Sansome et.
A DISHWASHKR. 4C5 Valencia at.
BARBER wanted; short hours. 213 Sansome
street.
WANTED — First-class porter; barber shop. 238
O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Job compositor. STUETZEL & •
CO.. 1D0 'California at.
WANTED — Dishwasher; small restaurant; $15
per month and found. 2723 Sutter st.
. )
EXPERIENCED dishwasher. 612 Kearny st.
DISHWASHER: small restaurant; $6 week;
half day Sundays. 25S5 Market, near 16th.
DISH and pot washer wanted at Golden West
Hotel.'
WANTED — Young man who Is an experienced
dry goods wrapper. Apply between '0 and
U a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — First-class domestic salesman. Ap-
ply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — A good all around upholsterer; also
a mr.ttrefts maker: must be Al; union shop.
WAKEFIELD MNFG. CO.. 461-463 Fourth
gt.. Oakland. • -> t 'o*
WANTED — A first-class hardware traveling
representative for wholesale house: experi-
ence necessary; liberal salary to right party.
Box 1788, Call.
WANTED— 3 office boys; age 14 to 16. Apply
Rlsdon Iron Works. Potrero.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 CO pair; foot-form shoes at $2 SO; we pay
express or mall chrgs. 11 Third St.. Exam.
•bid.; open evg's until 10 o'clock ex. Sundays.
WANTED— A boy from 14 to 10 years to work
in our wholesale department. EAGLESON
A CO.. 535 Market st.. upstairs.
GOOD bedmaker to sweep and rent rcoms; long
job; call Monday after $> a. m. 25 Third st.
GOOD experienced cutter: no other need ap-
piy. S. H. WOOD & CO.. 740 Market st.
BOY wanted for plumber's helper. Call new
building on Sixteenth st.. near Sanchez. "
LABORERS' wanted; ditch work; leng Job. ;
, Palo Alto. '
WANTED — Competent dry goods packer. Ap-
ply between 0 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
FIRST-CLASS Jeweler wanted: state ability
\u25a0 and wages wanted: city. Box 4358. Call.
WANTED — Strong young man to help on cakes.
Ill Larkln st
WANTED— Oyster man; 4C3 Seventh st., Oak-
land. Cal. - . .
WANTED— Energetic salesman for outsliH
.work. THORNE A CO.. 312 Bush st.
COATMAKERS for country. Apply REIS3
BROS. A CO.. 24 Sutter st. ;
McDONALD A PERRY have a large stock of
new and second -hand shoes; cheap. 233 3d st.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. rcom 40. Phelan
' bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G.A.R.
MAN to "do Janitor work : for tuition In 8. F.
\u25a0; Barber School. 741A'.Howard st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
CA7T FRA!f CISCO CALL.
BUE7NESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
C.il. corner Market asd Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every pUrht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery «trwt.
comer Clay; open until B:SO p. m.
8C0 Hayes ctreet; open until 0:30 p. m.
CS.' McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. ra.
£15 Larkin ktrect; open until 9:30 p. m.
:»41 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
KC1 Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
ectil 0 p. m.
ICC Eleventh street; opes until 0 p. m.
:roc Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
. Ncrtheaet corner Church and Duncan streets;
tfjpen cntU 8 p. in.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Flllmore gtreet; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
AFTLUM of Golden Gate Com- j.
rr.an<Jery No. 1C. K. T.— 6i5 Slitter st. TSjr
Special assembly THIS EVENING at Ki
8 o'clock; tiriSer of Temple. All fra- \ffl
tens are courteously Invited. By or-
der of the Commander.
THEO. FROLICH. Recorder.
EAN FRANCISCO Chapter No %• Jft,^
P.oyal Arch Masor.s. meet THI3VV;
EVENING at 6 o'clock sharp. R. A. /V\
df^FTee.
H. G. PRINCE. Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. o
M.. will meet THIS <MONDAY) W
EVENING September 2S. at 7:30/V\
o'clock. Third degree. By order of .
the master.
* WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
HERMANN Lodge No. 127. F. A A. M. «
-iCalled meeting THIS DAT (MON--VST
DAY). September 2S, 1903. at 6:30 /V\
o'clock p. m. ; Vie*. -\u25a0 By order of the
W. M. L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
KING Solomon's Lodge No. 2C0, F. and Q —
A M 183» Flllmore st. — Second ilf-Vjf
grce THIS EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. /VA
HARRY BAEHI*. Secretary.
C.»X-IFOR.NIA Lodse No. 1. I. O.
O. F. Members attend meetlng^S^^^CJfc.
>.:\u25a0 NDAY EVENING. Sept. -^^-SS)^-
the relief committee will Day us "Si7.*S=*^
a fraternal visit: a pjejistnt evening assured;
vlpttore welcome.
KMIL KAUFMAN. N. G.
6T<:»OKHOLPnnS' MEETING— Notice is here-
\u25ba*f plven that the annual meeting of the
t*ookhol<Jers! of The Hank or California will
be hfld at the hanking house in this city on
TCEjSDAT. October U, 1903. at II o'clock
a. m. By order of the board of directors.
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
. ccivod application* to mine by hydraulic
process from Middle Yuba Mining Company,
in La Mtna del Diablo mine, near Sierra
Oty. Sierra County. Cal.. draining Into ra-
vine' ivhich drains into Middle Yuba River;
. irom South Yuba Mining and ' Development
Company. i n Meleter mine, near Emigrant
Gp.p. Placer County. Cal.. draining Into Dia-
mond Creek, which reaches Yuba River; from
Toy Kee in Falrplay mine, near Scales.
1'lumas Coucty Cal.. draining into Rock
Creek, which reaches Yuba River, gives no-
' t'ce that meeting will be held at room »«,
Flood building. San Francisco. Cal.. Octo-
ber 12. lf>C3. at 1 :SP p. m.
ATVOH.M£\ S-AT-LAW.
ADVICK FUEE.~~ESTABLISHED 22 YEARS.
Divorces a epecialty. Private. Quick.
NO PAY UNLESS SUCCESSFUL.
G W. HOWE. ATTORNEY AT LAW.
1122 Market et-. offices 1. 2, 3. 4 and 5.
BEWAUE OF FRAUDS.
Ar.y cr.e can advertise, but unless the adver-
tisement says "Attorney at Lew" the party
.advertising is net a lawyer; don't be fooled.
ADVICE FREE
COLUMBIAN LAW AGENCY
Rm. 85. 91<> Market; tel. Red 618; bad ten-
er.ts ejected speedily and reasonably; collec-
tions attended to; attachments; corporations
<r-i. n.rod: civil and criminal practice.
nc'BT. W. KING, atty-at-law. Examiner bid..
rm. Cll; all cases, damages, estates, will*.
attachments, collections, etc.: consultation
. tree; no advance charges: call or write;
• jftilnrs by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost in merltorl-
rus casw. divorces, probate and all other law
r.ip J M. TBURSTOK. P13 Market St.. r. 31.
' L. R. (LARK. Err.ma Sprcckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket et. ; consultation free; no fees In advance.
•AITKEM * AITKEN. attorneys, rs. 309-10-11.
• CK-r:!* bi^p.. 503 California St.: tel. Main 727.
ATVICE free; no charge unless successful: all
law ti-jFlnesF. W. W. Davidson. 927 Market.
DIVORCE — Costs. $12; quick, quiet; open even-
'.rrf. 927 Market *t.. room 301.
BUSUfKSS CHANCES.
FCR Bile — As a •whole or in subdivisions; 00-
vat?. lot. fouth line Union ft., 137 :C feet east
i'f Pierce; lot northeast corner Green and
Tierce els.; lot 10.J:«ixl37:0 feet. Inquire of
CHARLES C. BKMIS. Real Estate Broker,
221 Iranson-.f- st.
fi:v> — DELICATESSEN store worth $000;
north of Market Ft.; fixtures; ice
olust. etc.; new, clean stock. Apply to-
day only, no agents, 70S Hayes st.
GOOD paying shoe shop for sale: ill health-
cause cf selling. 4^15 Eighteenth st.
RESTAURANT for sale cheap on account of
Call enu- Third st.
P50. ACCOUNT of tlekness paying oyster and '
chophouse; livlng-roomg ; cheap rent. 262 ."d.
. .^
BUTCHER business fcr sale In Mission; owner
having other business to attend to. Apply
K,!^>a Shotwe'.l Et.
•I3.ARGAIN — Half or whole restaurant, oyster
chophouse; fumi«hed; fine location. 573
Howard st. MUS. COLLINS.
BAKERY— Fine location in Rio Vista; good
Laker will do •R-ell. Address DAN Me- '
GRAL'CH. Rio Vista. Cal.
$4<Ki— FIHST-CLASS restaurant; business dis-
trict; good peyer; must be sold. S29 Mis-
sion st.
SNAP— *-room lodging and boarding house, all
full: clrr.rs ?75 mo.; <350. 1031 McAllister.
t:%t> BUY'S paying fruit store. Apply GEORGE
Ill/NIiI<_'K. opposite Berkeley station.
GOOD-PAYING ealoon for sale cheap, account
of elckntss. at 10CJ Howard st.
FOR eale — Cheap: grocer}' and bar; no agents.
1122 Harrison st.. between 7th and Sth.
FOH SALE — An inside route on this paper.
Fcr rortK-ti!ar« apply at office.
lodgi\g-holsl:» you sale.
A— PETERSEN REALTY CO.. 1035 Market st.
—^jitcial targalns in Market-st, houees.
CO room*, urw, modern, central. 4-year
W*e. up to <iate in appointments, clear, will
escharure for to 30 rooms; particulars and
reftsons in office.
,33 rooms, family, transient, offices, close In
nirlce o. r :cr and get facts in office.
30 rocm?, central, l^ase, cheap rent, cth»r
business cmnpeis pacrifice. terms very easy.
10f> KOCMS: house for n-.en; rent $140 *+OO0
~i> r«om»; south of Market: rc-nt 9IOO.. 2000
C4 rooms; corner; part cabh: rial. easy. 850
II rocms; cnod income; rent $20 350
£1 roorr.t; vater front; rent $40; lease.. CO
!.(\u2666 rooms: gnr.d lease: low rent CT>00
C7 TO-:*. ; apartments; Western Add.; rent 250
Money lLicncd at 1 oer cent.
IIol^Ij. roacihouWF. flat*. 5 to ICO rooms.
EITKL & CARROLL. 212 Kenmy st.
22 BOOMS: all cr. or>.e floor; choice, sunny
corner; r'Urlng from business. For par-
tlcular? ngdrejT box S2S, Call cfflc-e. Oakland.
SI'IRJTl'AIJJM. ~~
PF.OF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slatC
i\ r , 1 i 1I^! n<1 t:alrvo - van <*: stamp for circular.
1112 Eddy ft., nr. Octavla; phone Scott SS7.
KATIE HETTSSMAN,- c i rcIe FrJday eV er.ln-'" '
25c: glttlrics. 1000 Harrison ct.. cor. Sixth!
EOJJAJtX^ EARLS. 10S2 Ellis, reamers daily.
CLAHtVOVA.\TS.
My T.rsular $3 Rcadlnci Thls~^erk~Fo7~
H $1 *1 $1 fl $1 si
. PHCF-ESSOR PAUL DESTINE
The Firyt rt*-elstered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist ever in San Francisco.
I d-> hereby polemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charge if I fall to tell you your
name, occupation and what you called for;
I promise to tell you whether husband wife
or sweetheart in true or false; I tell you
whom and when you will marry; In fact. (
will ttll you every hope, fear or ambition
b-ttcr than you. can tell yourself; I improvn
your character fo that you will reach the
hlph*5t po«slble development In mestai vigor
litaith. happiness and capacity to earn
wealth; to you will live happy and contented
the rest of your life. Hours 10 A. M to
_fc P._M. ; Sundays. 2 to S. 320 O'Farrell st-, 328.
MM E~ M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner
Lids-: the reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate detciiction of the past, reveals the
preecnt happiness and portrays events to
occ-ur in the future; If you are in trouble, dia- i
contented or not satUned in life, or have do-
' mestlc, love or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be told bow to
overcome them; valuable advice In all affair.
of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
Ings by mall. Tel. Black 4503.
ISM AR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and [
palrclft. permanently located at 1104 Market
f-t.. cor. Turk; private readings dally. 10 a.
m. to S p. m. ; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as in perron; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life. $5; send lock of hair, date and year
cf birth; don't send currency. Send postoffice,
Wclla-Fargo money order or registered letter.
EMPLOYaiEKT WANTED-— MALB^
AN honorable young man speaking French
and English language; can operate type-
writer; desires position general office assist-
ant in a financial institution or business
house; willing to begin $30. Address box
4366 Call.
POSITION wanted by unlncumbered, healthy,
active, reliable, honest, refined, elderly wid-
ower as comcanlon to invalid or others on
land or sea; guardian, custodian or some
other suitable employment. Address R. F..
P. O. box 21C3. San Francisco. Cal.
YOUNG man. assistant bookkeeper, bill clerk
or ofnce assistant, desires position; two years
in last place and has best references from
same. Address H. D. C, 119 Fifth St.,
third flat.
! RELIABLE man of 50 (with family) wants
work a« Janitor, or to take care of prop-
erty; handy at repairing, painting. Box 1663
Call. %
MIDDLE-AGED man. sober and reliable, wants
situation as blllpasser; small wages if steady.
H. W.. 246 Third st.
ENGINEER (stationary) wishes situation ; city
or country; can do his own repairs; reference
given. Box 4144, Call office^
i FLORIST wants position In florist store or
greenhouses: city or vicinity. Address box
4351. Call office.
A REFINED, honest Japanese wants position
as nrsc-clacs cook; best reference. Box
40C8. Call.
A YOUNG Japanese school boy wanta position
in nice family. Box 4005. Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
KubrcriPtlons has been established at 100C Va-
lencla et.
FiNASCIAL.
4 PER CENT TO 6 PER CENT HIGH GRADE
Municipal, School, Railroad and Corporation
Bonds.
Bank and Trust Company Stocks.
Selected for conservative investors.
• Write for information to
HEAZELTON A CO..
Stock and Bond Brokers.
Hayward building,
San Francisco. Cal.
A SAN FRANCISCO firm wants a representa-
tive in every town; applicant must be able to
give bank security If required. Address box
12S3. Call office.
FLATS TO LET.
A — HOUSES and flats to let: an immense list:
service absolutely free: take advantace of
this department ; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furnjture Co., 245-259 Geary
ct., on the square.
XOE. 1056. cor. Elizabeth — New six-room flat:
all modern Improvements; convenient to Cas-
tro and 24th st. cars; rent reasonable.
$10 — i-ROOM flat. 14 1 Pfelffer. north of Chest-
nut: furniture can be bought for $50. VON
RHEIN R. E. CO., 513 California st.
AT park entrance: top flat; marine view; mod-
ern in every particular: all-nlpht cars; low
rent; prettiest spot In city. 74S Eighth ave.
TO let — Modern flat of 0 rooms and bath. 805
Fulton St.; adults.
ELEGANT corner flat. 7 rooms; rent $35.
Church and Hancock, near Eighteenth.
SECOND ave.. COC. near McAllister st. — New,
modern upper flat C sunny rooms; $27 50.
4 NEW rooms and bath; water free; $18. 330
Tehama st.
$12 — FOUR funny rooms. 515 Thirteenth St.,
near Market.
$37 60 — SUNNY upper flat, on? flight. 7 rooms;
rear entrance and yard. 1C51. Bush et.
$20 — ELEGANT up. sunny cor. flat, 6 rooms,
bath. 3 Merritt. 4C02 ISth. west of Castro.
FLATS FOR SALE — FURXISHED.
8-ROOM flat for sale; cheap; first cla^s; brings
In $200 per month. A. B. Smith Furniture
Company, 128 Ellis st.
$550— Elegant furnished flat for sale; part cash;
7 rooms; bath; bargain; must be sold. Ap-
ply f!2 Larkln st.
7-ROOM flat on Eddy st.: downtown; must sell.
A. B. Smith Furniture Company. 12,* Ellis st.
™ KL'll.M'i'tllE WANTED.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
Cal. Auction Houm pays highest prices for fur-
niture, flats, etc. 1105 Mission; tel. Mint 2481.
HIGHEST price for furniture and milse. L. H.
BURD. auctloneer.1818 Mkt.'.tel.Howard 2750.
A. L. STORRS pays highest cash prices furni-
ture, carpets, etc.: tel. Larkln 3C31. 634 Ellis.
' HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Man and wife, cook and dishwasher, coun-
try $70
Man and wife, waiter and waitress, institu-
tion • *2.1
2 waitresses. Institutions, country $25
Head waitress, commercial hotel $30
Waitress and chambermaid, to wait, coun-
try • .$25
Waitress and chambermaid, country.- $25
Nurse, institution, city $20
2 chambermaids to wait, same city hotel. S^O
2 hotel cooks', city and country $35
Cham, to wait, 'Hrst-class place, city.... $25
2 waitresses, camp, fare paid $25
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Nurse, child U months old, $25; cook and
' nurse. Alameda. good chance for mother and
daughter, good home, $35; housegirls, Modes-
to, fare paid both ways. $25; cook, mining
camp,. $25, fare paid; man and wife take
charge of stock ranch, Nevada, party here,
$40; cook. State of Nevada, $25; cooks, house
clrls, second girls, nurse girls, others.
C. R. HANSEN & CO ...429 Bush St.
A LAUNDRESS, $30; waitress San Rafael. $30;
G cooks. $30 and $-'!5; woman with a child, $15;
10 second girls, $25 and $30; 50 house girls,
$.''.0 and $•*>*>; women for cleaning, $25; nurse
girl, $15. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
A— WANTED — Girls to learn halrdresslng
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; $5 to tho?e entering now; 3 po-
tlticns to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school In
West. 233 Geary St.. rcom 13.
A— LADIES, learn all branches halrdresslng
trade; manicuring, massage, etc.; 1236 Mar-
ket et.. cor. Jones, room 1)4; positions secured
at highest wages: day and eve. class; call.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
bcth seasons taught from start to finish, in I
r.icnih for $10; position:* as trimmers, sales-
ladles, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per week up;
day and evening claso. .143 Stockton it., r. 13.
PERMANENT position and good salary to flrst-
class cloak saleswoman. Apply . or address
Golden Gate Cloak and Suit House, 1230 Mar-
ket st. .
A — OPERATORS on children's woolen coats
and dresses; good wages. 056 Mission st.,
' third floor.
GIRL for general housework and plain cook-
ing; rmall family: good wages. 77B McAl-
llster st. ,
A— OPERATORS on ladles' underwear; work
In factory. 656 Mission St., third floor.
A— OPERATORS to take work home. 656 Mis.
slon St.. third floor. .
IMPROVERS and errand girl at dressmaking.
CALLAHAN. 330 O'Farrell st.
WANTED — Advanced apprentice on coats.
LINDNER BROS.; 208 Sutter st.
A— EXPERIENCED finisher for ladles' tailor;
good position. H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome St.
YOUNG girl; cooking and housework; call be-
fore noon; car farfr ptfld. 1003 Geary st.
A GIRL for genera! housework; 4 adults in
• family. Call at 2773 Clay st. \u25a0
A FIRST-CLASS pants finisher; union work.
, 00 Tchama st. • ,
CLAIRVOYANTS — Continued.
A— MME. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight; tells the pact, present and future;
ladles. 60c; gents, $1; by cards palmistry
and clairvoyant sitting; $1 60. 120 Turk st.
Mrs. A. H. Kronenberg, palmist, clairvoyant.'
card reader, will give a good reading, 10c, for
a short time only: when others fall try me to
convince yourself. 402 Franklin, near Grove.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
oames given; 25c up. 6 4th st.. near Market.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladles
25c. gents 60c; readings daily. 132 Sixth st.
MIES WARD, high psychic medium, palmist;
ladles 25c, gents COc; no plsrn. 413 Mason st.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; ladles 28c,
gents 50c 051 Mission St., nr. Cth; open Sun.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
26 tt Kearny. room 20; ladlea. 25c. gents 50c.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader; sit- ,
tings dally. 44SH Jessie gt.. bet. 5th and Oth.
CAKPET BE. A.TI3T G AJT D CLE AXIMQ.
AIR. compressed, dry. Ice cold, is new univer-
eally used in sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
floor, without removal or injury; prices mod-
erate. Apply S. F. COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. Call bid.; phone Main 8237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
rend for EPAULDIXG'S Pioneer Carpet-be»t-
Ing Works, r.55-357 Tehama st. : tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S09 Har-
rison st.. Al cleaning. 3c; tel. Mission 223.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor. 329 Guerrero st. ; tel. MisMon 49.
TP.Y HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating;
mattrerren made over. 1432 Howard ;fiouth 210
ADVAN'CE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Futter St.;
tel. Main .T94. GEO. WALCOM A CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH A CO., carpet-beating works; price,
reasonable. 1703 Harrt/on St.: tel.Mlsslon 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
3-vt Golden Out* are. : telephone East 12<V
CIIIROPOUISTS.
DUNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE. 50 Geary— All
ailments of the feet cured: corns, bunions. etc.
COLLECTION OKKICKS.
. BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10: tel. 5590.
COTTAGES TO LET.
CORTLAND ave.. 1223— SIC; nearly new 6-r.
cottage; latest Improvements; large basement;
•milk room. Ftable. chicken houses; three lots.
DENTISTS.
DR.~GRUSS, 504-5-6 Callaghan bldg.. Market
end McAllister sts., uses the Basford Obtun-
der. the only device ever invented for grind-
ing, drilling and excavating teeth absolutely
without pain. For demonstration and proof
ceJI at office.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market. nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plate* are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per eet; extracting. 50c: gas gtven.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 CO; filling*. 50c;
plates. $5: full set;all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Set t.-eth $1 50 up; crowns ?2 up: fillings 25c.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 35c: crowns. $2; no
pain: open Sunday. Dr.O. B.Hewitt. 204 Sutter.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
M^TOW^LL^Dres^n^Hig^d^^neT^SchooI
— Any pattern cut to measure. 1019 Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst * knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button A buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
UYKlNCi AM)' ILEAiMAG.
SEA breezes sweeten all garments, blanket*,
lace curtains, etc., done by the Presidio 1
Heights Dye Works. 3915 Sacramento; phone
for wagon. West 453. H. HICKMAN. pres.
EDLCAT1UXAL.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Poet. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branch's;
day and night sessions; lllus. catalogue f ree.
AYRES, the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket et.; epeclal cummer course in all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
chip. $50; day and evening sessions.
CA L1KURN1A Business College. 305 Larkln st.
"A thorough school"; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; individual ln-
Etructlcn. Write for Illustrated catalogue.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
ior the university, law and medical colleges:
re?.. President Jordan or any .Stanford pro-
fessor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
danclns; established 20 years. 1412 Polk st.
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes ere now open for the season.
INSTRUCTION given in the game- of scientific
whist; aiso in bridge whist. Call, write or
telephone MR?. M. S. JENKS, Ansonla
apartment?, 408 Stockton; private ex. 122.
A— SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1230
Market st. — Practical, progressive, reliable;
day & evening sessions; write for catalogue.
HEALD'K School of Mines &. Electriclty.24 Post
et.. E. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. rain., mech., sur-
vey, essay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Halt
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday and
Sunday evenings at Teutonla Hall. Howard
et.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College. 530 Golden Gate
ave.; full^ business cTfarse; day ana evening.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION" Day and
PARTINGTO.VS. 424 Pine st... Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission. nr.tith.
THE "Klns*land Art Shop" opens Oct. 1, cor-
ner Halght and Devisadero els.
KENT Law School; day and nicht; send for
particulars. 654 Parrott building.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Plttman shorthand, typing, bookpg.. $S tun.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOK1. 421 Post at.; tel. Bush 133 —
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes bost help; contracts for farm help, etc
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A-7-ORAND Japanese -Chinese Emp. Office. 415
Stockton; t*l. Grant 1CS; expert, reliable hejp.
CHINESE Employment Ofnce — Best help at
Leon Seung*e. 411 H O'Farrell; tel. Eaat 426.
RKLIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice: all kind* help. 315 Stockton: Main MSo.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED FEMALE.
AMERICAN woman wants work by the day;
is Trilling and \u25a0will guarantee satisfaction;
carpet cleaning a specialty; fine laundress;
$1 25 a day. 174 Fourth St.; one flight up
eta Irs, room 10.
GENERAL housework wanted by a first-class
woman; no objection to a short distance in
the country. 551 *£ Howard st.
WOMAN to do general housework and cook-
ing for small family. Call 44«2 Seventeenth
et., cast from Ashbury.
POSITION as working* housekeeper; best ref-
erences. AJi!r«:Fs 1050 Pacific st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation as
housekeeper or cook on ranch; neat and reli-
able. Address Housekeeper, 109 Leaven-
u-orth et.
EXPERIENCED person to assist in housework
and wait on lady; first-class references from
New York. Box 4361. Call.
WOMAN wants work by the day, understand*
general housework and laundry;. tan glvl
good reference. Box 4364, Call.
A WOMAN wishes situation in private fam-
ily; first-class cook; best city reference; no
cards. S5S Minna st.
A REFINED American girl wants positions as
eecond girl in bmall family; references. Box \
161Q. Call. ;
FIRST-CLASS German cook wants situation,
small hotel or boarding-house. 558 Stockton.
TRAINED nurse will take care of sick person;
terms reasonable. S13 O'Farrell st.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. C33 McAllister St.
EMPLOV.MEVr UANTKD UALK.
YOUNG man. experienced stenographer, re-
liable, industrious and capable, desires to
secure a better position in that capacity;
city or country; references. Box 1047, Call.
TOUNG man. some knowledge of assaying,
wishes position* with good chance to learn;
wages no object. Box 4006. Call.
EXPERIENCED camp cook seeks an engage-
ment. Box 4007. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED man. handy with horses and
tool*, wants light work; no milking; small
wages: good home. H. W.. 246 Third st.
FIRST-CLASS stenographer and bookkeeper de.
sires two hours' work evenings; best refer-
erces. Box 4370. Call office. ,
YOUNG man wants position few hours during
day or evening. Box 4350, Call office.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE — Con.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit
and canning; steady work; highest wages.
Apply California Canneries Co., Brannan st,
between Third and Fourth.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit: steady
employment; day and piece work; highest
wages. CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO.,
Bryant and Tenth.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY;
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS A CO.'S
FACTORIES. 32H FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
GIRL wanted for eecond work; wages $20. 1220
Ellis st.. 8 to 12 a. m.
GOOD all-round woman. Call 1111 Mission
(it., restaurant.
WANTED — Experienced waitresses; wages $25.
Hotel Miramor, 703 Geary st.
A first-class finisher wanted on custom coats;
steady work; high wagea. 533 Natoma st.
A RELIABLE girl for cooking and downstairs
work. Apply 0 to 12, 1230 Ellis st.
WANTED— Lady cook for small hotel. 1300
Stockton St., near Broadway.
WANTED — Experienced waitresses. 20 Third
street.
WAITRESS wanted at 1702 Mission st
WANTED — A counter girl who can talk Ger-
man at 19 Powell st.
DISHWASHER wanted at 21 Mission St. New
Age Restaurant. .
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes 6 p. m. Wednesday; salary no object.
WANTED — Woman accustomed to travel;
must be agreeable and entertaining conver-
sationalist; $50 per month if satisfactory.
Box 1660. Call. »
WANTED— Saleslady; steady position; one ex-
perienced In the crockery business preferred;
give reference and wages expected. Box
4355. Call office.
WANTED — 'Woman accustomed to handling
country trade; must have fair education' and
business training. Box 1707. Call.
GIRL for general housework; 3 adults; no'"
washing: wages $20. R. W., station B post-
offlce, Oakland.
GIRL for General housework and cooking for a
couple in a flat at 2026 Stclner st., 8-12 a.
m. ; reference required.
WANTED — Girl fcr general housework; good
wages If competent; references. Call 1724
Sutter «t^ |
WANTED — Experienced waist trimmers and
Bkirt hanfls. Apply COX & DAUGHTERS,
1514 Pine st.
WANTED — Good seamstress and chamber-
maid; four In family: wages $25; references
required. Apply 1264 14th st., Oakland.
SECOND *rirl: French or Italian preferred:
references required: wages $25. Apply 1200
Geary St., bet. 8 and 12 o'clock.
G1KLS about 15 for factory work: good wages.
Apply at once, AMES A HARRIS. 100 Sacra-
mento st.
MANICURIST wonted at Hayward Shaving
Parlors, Hayward building, room 411.
WANTED — A good reliable woman for general
housework. 660 Broderick st. \u25a0
2 LADIES of gr>od addrers to represent a high-
trade magazine. 59 Columbian bldg., city.
FTJR finisher and liner. E. E. WALLEY, 115
Kearny st.
BOOKFOLDERS; experienced hands and ap-
prentices. Apply to 410 Sansome st.
WOMEN operators on all parts of shirts; best
prices; steady work. 10 Battery St., 3d floor.
BRIGHT girl for counter work in a bakery.
012 Kearny et.
FINISHERS on ladles' waists; steady work.
28 First st. KOXIGSTEIN.
YOUNG girl to do light housework. 413T
Seventeenth st.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Miss
M. G. Barrett. Instructor. 302 Montgomery.
CLASSIFIED advcrtiwrr.ents and subscriptions
received st Csll brunch nffW. CIrtO FII!mf>r».
HKLi*^VVAVr^U— MALJa.
AT C. R. HANSEN A CO.. Employment Agents
\u25a0129 Bush St.— (542 Clay st.
SHIP DAILY THIS WEEK FOR NEVADA.
100 laborers, Reno. Nevada. $2.
100 laborers, Fenelon, Nevada. $2.
100 laborers, Galconda, Nevada, $2.
100 laborers. Beowawe. Nevada, $2.
Board $4 5O week.
Absolutely free fare; office ree $1.
FOR CASPAR TUNNEL, MENDOCINO CO.
Laborers. Dick and shovel men, $2.
Steamer sails to-day. Free fare.
20 laborers, extra gang; Merced, $1 70.
FOR MARIN COUNTY. CAL.
Muckers, tunnel men, laborers, $2 25, $2 60.
Absolutely free fare for all above.
DIAMOND MATCH CO., CHICO, CAL.
Rockmen, laborers, $2 25, $2 60.
Rate fare $2 80.
20 trackmen, new railroad work, $2 25 day;
60 tunnei men and laborers, near city, $2.
$2 25; 10 teamsters, Solano County, $2 25; 20
fruit pickers. $1 15; farmers, milkers, chore-
men, others; man for general work, private
place, $35.
Cook and wife, country restaurant, $70; sec-
ond cook, $.">0; dishwasher. $30, country hotel,
free fare; waiters, city and country. $<*0. $10; j
pantrymen, portirs, dish and pot washers, kit- |
chen hands, others. $15, $40.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., Employment Agency.
429 Bush st.— 642 Clay st.
_j ; HZZZ__ •
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
50 Third St.. nr. Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
NEVADA AND UTAH.
FREE FARE.
RYNDON, GOLCONDA AND RENO.
S. P. R. R. CO.'S OWN WORK.
108 laborers, $2 day.
We Ship Dally On All Trains.
Crowds Are Going. Are .You 7
01 section hands, all parts of California,
Coast line and Western division.
EUREKA— HUMBOLDT COUNTY.
FARE ADVANCED.
Band sawyer, $100 a month and board.
7 laborers, sawmill. $35 and board.
10 lumber pliers and yardmen, $35 and board,
' OREGON — FARE ADVANCED.
6 coal miners. 6-foot vein, $1 a ton.
CHICO— BUTTE COUNTY.
Half-rate fare, $2 SO.
DIAMOND MATCH COMPANY.
Laborers, teamsters, track men, tunnel men,
woodchoppers and right of way men, $50 to
$00 a month.
SHIP TO-DAY.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 69 Third «t.
COACHMAN and wife, $60 and found; coach-
man. $40 and found; coachman, $25 1 and
found; 4 ranch teamsters, $125 and
found; milker, $40 and" found; farmer
and wife for. Nevada, $40, fare ad-
vanced; 2 farmers and wives, $50 and $55
and found; brick burner, $3 day; 2 boiler-
maker's' helpers,- $2 15 day; blacksmith and
wood worker. $.1 day; bench hand for machine
shop; stable boy. $20 and found: chore boy,
private family, $20 and found; choreman for
resort. $20 . and found; muckers, woodchop-
pers. fruit pickers, cooks.' waiters and others.
| J. P. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento at.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 13^-
Steward. $75; help's .hall, waiter, $25. ,
A GOOD boarding-house waiter wanted. 1334
Kentucky st.
MONETf TP_^- L -9 A jf~~5l? ntln ' ie *••
HIGHLY resDectable private place tc obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. Sid
Market St.; tel. Main 1044. Branch. 19 Third.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000. *
8. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to saUrlsd
people on their not*.
THE TOUKLET CO 143 Phelan bldg.
ON furniture, piano: no removal. E. W. LICK
1003 Mutual Savings Bank bldg.. 70S Market!
MONEY loaned to salaried employe, o W.
MILLER, room 74. fifth floor. Chronicle bldg.'
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; largest buslnena !a
40 principal cities. Tolraan. 553 Parrott bldg.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gc!d. sliver.
diamonds pearls and precious *tone» bouzhc
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth »t.
3% ON furniture * pianos; $15 up; no removal*
V. TREMAIN. room SI. 6 Eddy sr.. floor 4w
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cen t
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Hank. KM Kearny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyomlne loans money t»
salaried employes. R.311.Mutual Sav.Bk.blJ.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
tr.dr.rw. MQRRF.T.T. «<^ Vt*-"I'"»> hMg.
MI>t:KLLA.NKOtJ> KOIt »ALJ£.
DOES YOUR KOOF LEAK? ~ ,:
Repair It with elaterite; In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating: good over old
Iron, tin or shingles; b#st for new roo/s.
ELATERITB ROOFING CO.. 713 Market n.
2D-HD. machinery, bcllers. engines, pumps,
pulleys, chatting, etc., etc., bought, soi'.!.
rented and exchanged: see Sunday paper*.
H. S. WHITE M'CH'Y CO.. 130-132 Bea!e at.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
i foot-fcrm shoes at $2 50; we pay express
i charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.: catalog, free.
Open evg's until 10 o'clock except Sunday*.
A— Fine suits. $7 50; dress pants. SI' 50. Origi-
nal Mlstit Clothing Parlors. 2US Kearny sc.
near Bush: open to ft p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — $3 SO DERBY and fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near
Pine; open till 0 p. m. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells cr rents gear machinery, en-
gine*, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulley*.
etc. WHITKLAW, 253-255 Spear st.
NEWSPAPER route ior sale: flue chance for
the right man. Address N. A. LARSE.N.
1715 Pacific ave.. Alameda.
FOR SALE^ — A combination billiard and pool
table; new; cheap. Inquire at Baldwin An-
nex. 929 Market at.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. MclN-
TOfcH A WOLPMAN. 135-167 Fremont st.
LADY'S diamond ring; sacrifice: $45 only;
dally 2 to 6 p. m. 308 Third st. room 5.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE KEiH
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rentat;
bargains. Bullard A Breck. 131 Post st.
MILES of pipe and fittings: all sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY * SONS. 100 Vallejo st.
SAFE— Price $50. Bella Union Phonograph)
Parlors. SOS Kearny st.
MOVING picture fllxa and song slides. V.'J
Montgomery st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
A CO.. 122 Market st.
All bargains :camp stool* and chairs: hammocks.
metal beds.mattres;es.J.F.Hotter,712 Mission.
Ediscn phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Baclgalupi. !>.">! Mk:.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches.
all sizes. J. E DOAK. 46 Fremont et.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters: n'.l
makes. ALEXANDER A CO.. 110 Monfgy.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— Second-hand wood working ma-
chinery. Address box 4345. Call office.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES."
1140 Market st. : phone Jessie 3741. nr postal.
TILTON wants good second-hand clcthlng and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth st. : tel. Jessls 2321.
A BIO price paid for sealskins: send postal.
25 Ptockt^n st. : ph"n* Bush 4*4.
MUSICAL INSTRU3IENT9.
ARK NOT THKSE BARGAINS?
Sherman & Hyde upright $11 T
Fllther «5
Elr.srer in ;
2 Stelnways $185 3t»
2 Chlckerlnpj 85 1J'»
2 Helnes 237 Vii
Rents. $2 up, apply on purchase; install-
ments. $4 up.
HElNiE PIANO CO.. 23S-n7 Geary St.. larg-
est exclusive piano hcus« of the West.
AN upright piano snipped by high class East-
ern manufacturers will be tcld at actual cost
to save return of frelcht. 237 Geary st.
STEINWAY uprlsht. left by prlvata party.
$165; a great bargain. 237 Geary st.
WE rent the best piano in the city for $3 per
month; a few fine ones for $3 50; 6 months
rental allowed en purchase price. Something
new — the Scott Curtaz "Pljon," a littlii
beauty with a big tone. Will go through the
smallest doorway. For rent or for sale. Th»
"McPhall" piano; a magnificent Instrument.
The "Schiller" ptafco; best quality for the
money on tha coast. Some big bargains in
second-hand pianos. SCOTT CURTAZ Plans
Co.. 5C0-62-C4 Hayea st ; tel.. Fell 5761.
YOU dc nnt taks any chances when buying
from us. Our methods are well known to da
open and above board. "Big barzatns, not
big ads." la our rule. All goods sr:arantee<t
as represented or no sale. Call and \u25a0«« laras
assortment of new and used instrument*.
THE ZENO MAUVAI3 MUSIC CO.. 763 Mar-
: ket st.
A FEW good bargains, from $60 up. including
such makes as Mason A Hazntin. V ,.•«•,
Sterling. Marshall A Wendell. Fischer. Ktrk-
mann. Cartltt. Weser. Pease. Kohler A Chas«
and many others; easy payments. B-nj. Cur-
tax A Son. 18 O'Farrell; no branch:-* In S. F.
THE greatest opportunity ever offered In 9aa
Fran'tsco to get a good reliable piano cheap.
Before our reraoval we will sacrifice any l.i-
: itrument for cash or Installments. Call or
write for prices an4 terms at once. KOHLElt
A CHASE. Established 1850. 30 Q-Farr-il.
BAND Instruments; F. Besson. Paris, maker.
Gus Malwald.Agt. Pac. Coast. 279 O'Farrsll:
skillful repairing; 2d-hand instruments sold.
WANTED — 3 good square pianos. 1 concert
grand piano. 2 organs for halls. BVI'.ON'
MAUZY. SOS Post st.
A STECK A Gabler upright, nearly newj
cheap; a snap. HORNUNG. 218 McAllister.
A NEW piano at a sacrifice; party golns;
away. COO Diamond st.
*v«r\ R it* churicc "„ cflff n or psyments i cl^^sin t, ti 1 g?t
grade upright. 18 McAllister st.
Unredeemed storage pianos and furniture dirt
cheap. Whltehead's Storage. lCIfl Market st.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Stelnway upright plane:
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe's.283 OTarr«U.
SO1IMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecillan pta-v>
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MTILLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham pine.
OFFICES AND STOItES TO LET.
LARGE store and two living rooms: has b-ea
branch bakery 4 years. 1478 Valencia st.
STORE with large basement; below Kearny
St.: rent $30. Apply 636 Clay st., room 1.
STORE to let; lease for sale; central location.
Box 4.1CS. Call office.
PIANOS AND ORGANS.
PAKT et our U3t of bargains la second-aaiui
pianos for September, UUJ:
Original
Pr:ce. Now.
1 STEINWAY & SONS —
Rosewood case, largo si»e. 7 1-3
octaves, beautiful tone, in excel-
lent condition $723 $373
1 A. I!. CHASE—
Mahogany case. largest size, full
swinging music rack, three pedals.
v«ry latest style, car.aot ba tcld
from a n*w piano 530 400
1 STEINWAY A SONS —
Walnut case. small size. 7 1-3
cctaves. nearly new. beautt'ul
tone, in fine condition 623 473
1 STEINWAY A SONS—
itatiogany case, larg-i »i*e. latest
style. 7 1-3 octaves, cannot be told
from new 50 c.3
1 A B. CHASE GRAND—
Mahogany case. In perfect condl-
Uon. only used three months 800 673
1 STEINWAY A S0N3 BABY
GRAND—
Ebonized ca.«e. In use a » e nr
»hort time and equal to new fU) TZQ
Also a large number of square piano*
ranging In price from ISWo «:•\u25a0«. and chapel
and parlor organs from S20 to 5.jO
Complete list ftirnifh^l "? application at
our store. SHERMAV. clay A CO..
- Corner K<"irr>v »nrT Sutler »M.
PHYSICIANS AXP_S£RgEOX3.
DR. C C O'DONVEtl' — Office and residence,
1021 H Market \i »<*- 6tn «" 1 1 th : P*rticu-
lar attention paMJ? dlaea3e3 of wot °*n-
BLOOD. skin anr^tal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073_H Market st.
Rrv»nvTrrv_r>Ti_ WONG HIM. herb doctor;
tr«S»^S~dlsesses cf the human body: for
sart four vlrt «t 115-117 Mason; now lo.
c"ed at v£j*?* '«•' cear u "" >wcrtl1 '
DR TOVO FO cHT> successor to Dr. 14 Po
-r.i h.,H doctor: cures all diseases of hrnnao
mrwn •n.-nn~"the famous herb doctor^ — All dij-
ea«^ Sirrf' by Chinese herbs. 740-8 Clay st.
HELP WASTED— MALE— Con.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
: - 520 Sacramento) at.. 520
Phona Main 1191 Cor. Leldeedorff st.
ASTORIA OREGON
Near Portland on Columbia River.
Fe* $1. Fare $3." with berth and meals.
25 rockmen. $59 and found
75 laborers. $31 and found.
18 months' work, no discount, Astoria
EUREKA. Humboldt County. EUREKm.
HALF FARE HALF FARE
23 laborers, large sawmill company's R. R.
in woods; steady Job year round. $40 fd.
2 u , tt^^ Countr ~ Dlamond Match Co.'s work
CHICO— FEE $1— HALF FARE.
150 teamsters, laborers, rockmen. concrete
men. splkers. trackmen, etc., $2 to $2 60 day
10 tunnelmen. $60 and found, ship to-night
wiLUTS— uk5ah route— free farb
25 teamaters, laborers. $2 25; Fee $1.
Nevada — Reno— Beowawe — Golconda
FREE FARE FREE FARB
2 £ 'i 1 "^"*, • R - *• CO' 8 own work
.J5; P - R - °°- s own w ©rk. free fare.
800 section and extra gang men. fee $1
CASPAR— BIG TUNNEL— FREE FARE
10 trackmen, private railroad, $2 25 day
10 crosscut sawyers, north. $52 and found
20 laborers, factory. $2 10 to $2 40 day.
2 raftsmen, lumber company. $3 to $3 50 day
COAL MINERS— OREGON— FREE F\RE
10 lumber pliers north, $52 and found.
Band sawyer, lumber company, $100 and
found, boss here.
6 teamsters, large ranch. $40 and found.
15 farmers, all over State, big wages.
20 miners. North. East and South.
800 muckers, carmen and laborers mines.
600 men. woods, yards and mills in 7 dif-
ferent counties of State, see us.
Big tunnel, near city, free fare, fee $1; 20
muckers. $60; 20 tunnelmen, $75.
800 laborers, different jobs, big wages. .'»:•
4 carpenters, dredge work. $82 50 and found
Farmer and wife, ranch. Nevada, boss her*
6 barkers, lumber company, boss here $40
and found.
5 choremen. private places, see us.
100 woodchoppers, tlemakers. shingle bolt
makers; tinner, city, $3 day up; cooks,
waiters, dishwashers, etc.. Janitor.
Men. wo have hundreds of other Jobs.
Call and procure a free list of Jobs; also read
our bulletin boards. PACIFIC EMPLOY-
MENT AGENCY. 520 Sacramento st. '
FIRST-CLASS furrier, also first-class taxider-
mist wanted. R. STENZEL FUR CO.. Salt
Lake City. Utah. |
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at, fl and
$1 50 per pair; foot-form shoes at %1 50, or
orthopedic shoes. $3 50; best shoes on earth. 11
Third St., Exam. bldg.. 5 doors from Market.
Open evenings until 10 o'clock ex. Sunday*.
WANTED — For the U. a Marine Corps, able-
bodied, unmarried men. between 21 and 35;
gcod character; must speak, read and write
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-war
in all parts of the world, on land In our Isl-
and possessions, and at naval stations In the
United States. Apply at recruiting office. 40
Ellis st., San Francisco. Cal.; 222ft N. Mala
et.. Los Angeles. Cal.. and 401 K St.. Sacra-
mento. Cal. \u25a0 '.i -
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third st.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
MEN to learn barber trade; only S weeks re-
quired; special offer this month; catalogue
and full Information mailed free. MOLER
SYSTEM COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Rough carpenters and laborers. Ap-
ply room 14. 26 Montgomery st.. San Frao-
clrco Construction Company.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms. 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, halt
price. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
I GF.T rour shoe* half soled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. 5fi3 MiMlon rt.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
' i^— — — — — — —^— —— — —
IIOKSKS AND WAGONS.
AUCTION Tuesday, 11. a. m., Sept. 29, clos-
ing out of horses, wagons, surreys and bug-
glesr 1140 Folsom st.
: \u25a0
HARNESS and saddles, the best for the money,
at JEPSEN BROS. CO.. Inc.. the big store.
1145-1147 Market St.. San Francisco.
BARGAIN — Low wheel runabout; gentle, small
horse. 1634 Mission.
FOR sale — Handsome trap; cheap. Box 1050.
Call office.
TWO fine ponies for sale; ride or drive. Black-
smith shop. Folsom and Eleventh sts.
Largest a's.irtmt 2-hand wagons, buckb'd. sur-
rey, harness, worlcdrlving horses. 15th- Valencia
8 GOOD horses for sale cheap.' 327 Sixth st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon and
gooart for sale chean. .VC Mlsslnn »t.
A^raiN^D^llsroThouses '^etTisend l 'for'cl£
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It will eave you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-258 Geary
et.. on the square.
HOl'Stt* TO I.fcT W'BXIJinED.
FURNISHED house to let at reduced rent; 10
rooms and bath, with stable. 2C28 Folsont
st.; apply on premises.
OAK. 410^ — Elegantly furnished house; 10 rooms
and 2 baths; targe garden; grand view.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN A HOWELL. 25 Post St.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED — Unfurnished house (no flat), not
less than seven rooms; Western Addition;
rent not to exceed $00 per month. Box 1651
Call office.
LOST AND KOLXD.
LOST — A diamond sunburst pin. a gift, eithsr
on Lombard St., North Beach. Market-t>t.
cars or Central Theater, Sept. 27. Return to
DR. SAMUELS. 1430 Stockton St.; reward.
LOST— Friday, a brown walrus purse, silver
mounted, with a chain, containing a $20
greenback and some change; liberal reward
If returned to 20 Walnut st. ; phone West 335.
LOST— Large St. Bernard dog. yellow and
white. Return to grocery. ME. cor. Sixth
and Harrison sts.; reward.
LOST — In Golden Gate Park, near music stand,
pancy stick pin,, with ruby setting. Reward
at 135C Harrison St.. Oakland. V- .
LOST — White bull terrier dog. Return to
1435 McAllister st. mornings; reward.
LOST — Lady's brown fur collar. Third St., nr.
Folsom. Please leave at 24 Hampton place.
LOST — Diamond rins at Lick Baths; reward
$20. Return to 1410 Market st.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter st.. needs old
rold and silver to nak* new watch cases.
' \ MILLLNUHV.
LADIES, you are invited to visit my millinery
~- opening to-day and t^-morrow; Imported and
Ntw York hats. MME. DOSCH. 2O7 Post st.
MEDICAL.
SAN FRANCISCO'S EMINENT PHYSICIAN,
DOCTOR WHITE^
TREATS WOMEN ONLY.
702 MARKET ST., room 7. Phone Red 3321.
Every facility for the BEST treatment of
all diseases and disorders of women. Elegant
sanatorium. Select patients. Strictly confi-
dential.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female,
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed: 3O
years' experience; removed to S2« Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008^ Market St.. opp. 3th,
DR. G. W. ODONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble ccnsult this specialist on femals
complaints; positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped: the most difficult cases treat-
ed; advice free. Office. 1018 Market St.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
in obstetrics, female complaints; lnst. relief;
treatment $10; hours. 10 to 6; 23 yrs. exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladies'
specialist: a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low tees.
DR. ROSEN moved to 2005 Folsom St.. corner
gCth: relief $10; ladles' exclusive office.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS-
original method of treatment* 1120 Market stl
DR. NG TOY KEE. 3lft Powell St.. opposite
Union pouare: all diseases cured by herbs.
ttOXE f TO LOAM.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Qjlck settlements; no disappointment.
I Save exoenaes by -deallnc directly
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignment* of rents, property in trust
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteoua treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Mooey
Bee HERMAN MURPHY.
ADVANCES on furniture and piano* without
removal; to salaried people on their noti
without security or knowledge of employer*
lowest rate.; best terms; quickest «rvieVVn4
tbsolute privacy; special rates to munlcloal
omploye. and teachers. The National CridU
Co.. r. «8-6O Donobo* bid.. 1170 Maxketst.
_ . w
In news and advertisements too we aim to tell the truth.
And smoke out anything that's wrong and smite It without ruth.
This course has given confidence and you'll hear people say
Whatever's in Tho Call is so— and thus 'twill always pay
You In a business way to put your Want Ads in The Call;
It brings results in shortest time, and then the cost is small.TO ARRIVE. '
Steamer. From. | Due.
Coos Bay.'.... San Pedro & Way Pts. Sept. 2S
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Oxford. Sept. 28
Ventura Sydney & Way Ports.-. Sept. 28
Doric China & Japan Sept. 28
Centennial.... Seattle & Tacoma Sept. 23
Centraha Grays Harbor Sept. 28
Rival Wlllapa Harbor Sept. 28
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Sept. 28
Wyefleld Nanaimo Sept. 29
Eureka Humboldt Sept. 29
Pomona Humboldt Sept. 29
Argo Eel River Ports Sept. 29
City Puebla. Puget Sound Ports Sept. 29
R. Dollar San Pedro Sept. 3O
City Para. ... New York via Panama Sept. 30
Curacao .... Mexican Ports Sept. 30
San Pedro... Humboldt Oct. 1
Del Norte Crescent City Oct. 1
Santa Monica. San Pedro Oct. 1
Santa Roea. . . San Diego & Way Pts. Oct. 1
Point Arena. . Mendocino & Pt, Arena Oct. 1
Chlco Coqullle River Oct. 1
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. Oct. \u25a0 1
Alliance Portland & Way Pts.. Oct. 1
Corona Humboldt Oct. 2
O. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria.... Oct. 2
Nevadan Honolulu :... Oct. 2
S. Portland... Portland & Astoria.... Oct. 4
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports Oct. 4
Arizonan N. Y. via Pt. Los. Ang. Oct. 8
Nippon Maru. China & Japan Oct. 5
J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma .... Oct. 6
San Jose New York via Panama. Oct. 7
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. | Sails. | Pier.
September 28.
Montara.... Seattle & Tacoma.. 4 pm Pier 0
C. Nelson. . Astoria & Portland B pm Pier 2
Centralia... Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 10
Corona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 0
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
September 29.
Phoenix.... Mendocino City 1 pm Pier 13
Mlnnetonka New York direct Pier 23
Arcata Coos B.& PtOrford 10 am Pier 18
China China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
September 30.
Coronado... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Arctic Humboldt 11 am Pier 10
Iaqua Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier >9
October 1.
Eureka Humboldt 0 am Pier 13
Pomona.... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Rival Wlllapa Harbor. ... 4 pm Pier 2
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 10
S. Monica. . Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Nebraskan. Honolulu v. Pgt. S. 3 pm Pier 23
October 2.
Rainier.... Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 2
October 3. .
San Pedro.. Humboldt 10 am Pier *»
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Chlco Coquille River 8 pm Pier 2
Newport... N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 0
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
Alliance.... Portland & Wy Pts 5 pm Pier 16
October 4.
Bonlta • Newport Way Pts. 9 am Pier 19
October 5..
O. W. Elder Astoria. & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
October 7.
Dorlo China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Curacao.... Mexican Ports...... 10 am Pier 11
8. Portland. Astoria & Portland 1 pm Pier 2
; FROM SEATTLE.
. Steamer. For. ] Sails.
City Topeka.. Skagway & Way Ports. [Sept. 28
Roanoke Nome & St. Michael... Sept. 28
Dirlgo Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 28
Humboldt Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 1
Al-Kl Pkagway & Way Ports. Oct. 1
Jennie Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Oct. 1
Cottag« City. Skagrway & Way Ports. Oct. 2
Senator Nome Oct. 8
Ohio Nome & St. Michael... Oct. 8
Bertha Valdez &\Way Ports.. Oct. 7
City Seattle. . Skagway & Way Ports. Oct. 8
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian — Paciflo Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 27 — 5 p. m.
SEATTLE, BepL 27.— Seattla and Portland
split even on. a double header to-day. Sam
Morris, the Indian pitcher, proved a good draw
ing card. He won. his trarno because Drohan
had one bad Inning. Score:
• First game^ — . R. H. B.
Seattle 6 9 8
Portland 2 0 3
Batteries — St. Vraln and Byers; Loucks and
Shea. .
Second game — R. H. E.
Seattle 6 10 1
Portland ' 0 11 4
Batteries — Drohan and Byers; Morris and
Shea. Umolre^ — Levy.
LOS ANGELES, ' Sept. 27. — No game on ac
count of rain.
Pitches Winning Ball for Portland in
Game With Seattle.
SAM MOBBIS A GOOD INDIAN.
COAST RECORD.
NOT13 — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; tho height
of tide is the eame at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
a g g a m
: g |3 |3 K |
STATION/ ff \u25a0 gg S3 g.§ f~ |
Carson 29.68 80 42 NE Cloudy 0.00
Eureka 2U.94 50 50 NW Cloudy 0.00
Farallon 29.00' 58' 50 SW Cloudy 0.00
Fresno 29.78 90 08 NW Cloudy 0.00
Flagstaff ....'29.84 C2 48 E Cloudy 1.50
Independ'ce ..29.72 80 66 SE Cloudy 0.00
Los Angeles.. 29.83 (18 C2 NW Rain 0.22
Mt. Tamalp'8.29.88 74 62 NW Clear O.OO
North Head.. 29.84 62 M SW Cloudy 0 00
Phoenix 29.8*2 7li (HE Pt CJdy 1.46
Pocatello 29.92 74 88 W Clear 0.00
Portland 29.70 82 44 NW Clear 0.00
Point Reyes.. 29.84 00 52 SW Foggy 0.00
Red Bluff 29. CO 90 60 S Clear 0.00
Roseburir 20.76 82 42 ' N Clear 0.00
Sacramento .29.76 78 54 SE Clear 0.00
Salt Lake... .29.88 72 44 W Cloudy O.OO
San Fran 29.00 68 66 "W Cloudy 0 00
S. L. Oblspo. 29.94 70 64 W ' Cloudy Tr
San Diego.... 29.88 74 64 W Cloudy 0.00
Seattlo 20.82 70 48 SB Cloudy 0.00
Spokane - 29.84 78 . 32 SW Pt Cldy 0.00
Tatoosb 29.74 66 48 S Rain 0.42
Walla Walla.29.78 68 44 SW Clear 0.00
Wlnnemucca..29.S2 80 86 W Pt Cldy 0.00
Yuma 29.80.82 tiO SW Clear 0.66
Chinese Attack Mate.
Mat* Olaen of the American ship Santa Clara
had a lively tutsel with a lot of the Chines*
passengers just as they were about to land
yesterday.
The Santa. Clara arrived In port from Bristol
Bay on Saturday and cam* to anchor In the
lower bay.
Yesterday she was towed Into the stream
and preparations were made to have tho Chi
nese taken ashore on a lighter.
For aomo reason they objected to the arrange
ments that were being made for them and re
fused to leave the ship. When Olsen ordered
them ashore they made a rush for him and
succeeded in giving him three or four ugly
blows. He made for the cabin and there, re
inforced by the other officers of the ship, who
drew their revolvers on the crowd, the mutiny
was quelled In Its incipiency and tha dis
turbers were brought to their, senses and made
to land In abort order.
Arrives From Bristol Bay.
The American steamship George F. Haller
arrived yesterday In ballast, 13 '-4 days from
Bristol Bay.
Steamships Due.
The Oceania Steamship Company's Ventura
from Sydney via . Auckland and Honolulu Is
scheduled for arrival to-day.
The Occidental and Oriental Company's Doric
is due to arrive to-day from Hong Kong via
Honolulu.
Movements of Steamers.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Sept 27— Stmr Kal
serln Maria Theresa, from Bremen, for New
York.
MOVILLE — Arrived Sept 26 — Stmr Columbia,
from New York, for Glasgow, and proceeded.
ST JOHNS. N F— Arrived Sept 27— Stmr
Corean, from Glasgow and Liverpool, for Hall
fax and Philadelphia.
BOULOGNE — Arrived Sept 27 — Stmr Pots
dam, from New York, for Rotterdam, and
passed Lizard.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Sept 27— Stmr Etru
rla, from Liverpool, for New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Sept 20— Stmr Oltic.
from New York, via Queenstown; stmr Geor
gia, from New York.'
8CTLLY — Passed Bept 27, 11:10 a m — Stmr
Wllhelm II, from New York, for Plymouth,
Cherbourg and Hamburg. .
INISTRAHULL— Passed Sept 27— Stmr Laa
rentian, from New York, for Glasgow.
LIZARD— Passed Sept 27— Stmr Vaderland,
from New York, for Antwerp.
FOREIGN PORTS.
MOJI — Sailed Sept 26 — Br stmr Tottenham.
for San Francisco.
CHEMAINUS— Arrived Bept 28— Bktn Koko
Head, from Port Townsend.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
HONOLULU— Sailed Sept 2ft-Stmr Neva
dan, for San Francisco: stmr Moana. for Syd
ney; Jap stmr Hongkong Maru, for Yokohama.
Arrived Sept 27 — Stmr Marshneld. from San
Pedro.
' ISLAND PORT.
EUREKA — Arrived Sept 27 — Stmrs Eureka,
Lakme and Aurella and bark Chas B Kenney,
hence Sept 26; Nor bark City of Agra, from
Honolulu.
ASTORIA— Arrived Bept 27— Stmr George W
Elder, hence Sept 25.
Sailed Sept 27 — Schr Irene, for Redondo.
REDONIX5 — Arrived Sept 27 — Stmr Asun
cion, and sailed for San Francisco.
-COOS BAT — Sailed Sept 27 — Stmr Arcata,
for San Francisco.
WESTPORT— Arrived Eept 27— Stmr "West
port, from Bear "Harbor.
UNION— Sailed Sept 27 — Stmr Fulton.' for
San Pedro.
PORT. TOWNSEND— Arrived Sept 27— Br
ship Dovenby, from Olympia.
Passed In Sept 27 — Schr Salem, for Olympia:
Br ehlp Gantock Rock, for Whatcom; Br ship
Claverdon, for \u25a0 ; stmr Farallon, from Skas
way, for Seattle.
SEATTLE— Sailed Sept 2ft— Stmr Portland,
for Nome; stmrs City of Seattle and Dolphin,
for Skagway.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Sept 27— Stmr Re
dondo, from Redondo; stmr Greenwood, from
Albion. < V, .
DOMESTIC PORTS.
* PORT HARFORr>— Sailed Sept 2*— Stmr
Coos Bay. for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived Sept 27 — Stmr No.
yo. hence Sept 26.
MARSHFIELD— Sailed Sept 27— Stmr Alli
ance, for Port Blakeley.
POINT LOBOS, Sept 27. 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind SW, velocity 12 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Schr Sacramento, Mercer, Sluslaw, In tow of
tug Sea Hover.
Schr Taurus, Reid, Grays Harbor.
Schr 8 T Alexander, Johnson, Portland.
Schr Del Norte, Jacobsen. Rogue River.
Schr Snow & Burgess, Johnson, Port Gam
ble.
Schr Bessie K, Merrlam, San Vicente Land
ing.
Stmr Chehalls. Frantzon, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Whitesboro, Kosen, Mendoclno.
Stmr Argyll. Gllboy. Honolulu.
Stmr Navarro, 'Weber, Eureka.
Stmr Pasadena, Rasmuasen. Mendoclno.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, Coos Bay.
Tug Sea Rover, Thompson, Biuslaw, with
schrs C A Klose and Sacramento In tow.
Ship Emily F Whitney. Goodman. Mel
bourne.
Br bark Battle Abbey, Bryant, Port Town
send.
Schr Mildred. Kendlin, Whatcom.
Schr Ida A, Comobell, Point Reyes.
Schr C A Kloee, Gruggel. Sluslaw, In tow ef
tug Sea Rover. •
Stmr Santa Cruz, Olelotr, 13 hours from
Moss Landing-.
Stmr Iaqua, Bonlfleld, 23 hours from Eureka.
8tmr Newsboy, Adler, 20 hours from West
port.
Stmr Brooklyn, TV 'alvij. 18 hours from Fort
Bras?; up river direct.
Stmr GlDsy, Leland, S3 hours from Soquel.
Stmr Mackinaw, Storrs, 9C hours from Ta
coma.
Stmr Arctic, Reiner, 24 hours from Eureka,
Stmr Rainier, Hanson, 79 hours from What
com.
Ft bark La Tour d'Auvergne, Frangeul, 100
daya from Newcastle. NSW.
Schr Borealls. Samuelson. 45 hours from San
Pedro, in tow stmr Chas Nelson.
Bchr Newark, Reinertsen, 13 hours from
Fish Rock. -
6AILED.
Sunday, September 27.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego.
Batteries — Hahn and Peltz; Thatcher and
Rttter. Umplre^ — Hurst.
R. H. B.
Chicago 10 11 3
Boston 3 7 4
Batteries: — "Wicker and McLean; Carney and
Moran. Umpire — CDay.
CINCINNATI, Sept. 27.— The baseball
season ended here to-day with Cincinnati
and Brooklyn breaking even In a double
header. Cincinnati outbatted Brooklyn in
the first, but their hits did not come at
the right time. SuthofT was taken out of
the box and replaced by Ragan. and Fohl
went Into catch him. The second game
was called at the end of the fifth inning
on account of darkness. Attendance 9300.
Score:
First grame — \u25a0 K. H. E.
Cincinnati 7 18 3
Brooklyn U 15 4
Batteries— Regan, Suthoff, Fohl and Peltz;
Reldy and Jacklltsch.
Second fame — \u25a0 R. H. B.
Cincinnati 7 11 1
Brooklyn 0 9 1
ST. LOUIS, Sept 27.— Eight thousand
people saw the close of the National
League pennant season here to-day. Phil
adelphia won the first game. Hines, a
semi-professional, pitched for St. Louis
and did well. In the second game Brown
struck out nine of the Philadelphia play
era. . Throughout he had them mystified
and the St. Louis victory was largely due
to his work. Smoot's hitting waa the fea
turo, the big center fielder making a home
run, a three-bagger and a single out of
four times at bat. Score:
First game— XL H. E.
St. Loui 3 9 1
Philadelphia.... 6 10 3
Batteries — Hines and Coveny; Fraaer and
Zlmmer.
Second game— It. H. E.
St. Louis ft 10 0
Philadelphia 8 8 0
Batteries— Brown and O'Neill: McFetrldga
and Roth. Umpire— Moran.
CHICAGO. Sept. 27. — The National
League season ended to-day with a one
sided game. In which Carney's wild pitch-
Ing and ragged support donated most of
Chicago's runs. The locals tried out a
new catcher and third baseman, both
making a rood Impression with their
fielding, but both were weak with the
stick. Attendance 6900. Score:
The French bark La Tour d'Auvergno
arrived In port yesterday, 100 days from
Newcastle.
Several, days ago she was placed on the
reinsurance list at 10 -per cent, and Sat
urday the rate was raised to 20 per cent.
She reports encountering head winds and
calms ever aince she. left her port of de
parture. On September 25 she arrived off
\u25a0the coast and as a heavy fog was com
mencing to settle, she made for Drakes
Bay, where she remained at anchor un
til Saturday afternoon, when the fog lift
ed sufficiently for her to proceed to the
open sea, and she then mado for this port,
arriving at noon. She brings 8069 tons of
coal.
Chinese Passengers on Ship
Santa Clara Try to
Mob Mate.
Eight Thousand Persons Wit
ness the Defeat of the
St. Louis Team.
La ..Tour. d f Auvergne Is
Delayed by Calms
and Fogs.
National League Club 3
Play Rather One
Sided Game.
PENNANT SEASON
CLOSES IN EAST
OVERDUE SHIP
ARRIUE5 IN PORT
Fair weather prevails over Oregon, Idaho
and the Sacramento Valley. Elsewhere west
of the Rocky Mountains It Is cloudy and
threatening. Light rain has fallen on the
Washington coast and In Southern California
and heavy rain In Arizona, New Mexico and
Western Texaa. -.
' The pressure has fallen over the Pacific
Slope, except a slight. rise along the Califor
nia \u25a0 coast. An area of low pressure over
lies Northeastern California and Western Ne
vada. . i
. The temperature haa risen over the northern
half of the Paclno Slope and fallen over tha
southern. "
Conditions are very threatening over Cali
fornia and shower* are probable In the greater
portion of the State Monday.
\u25a0 Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight September 28, 1903:
Northern California — Cloudy Monday; prob
ably-showers; fresh southwest wind; cooler in
•the interior."—
• Southern California^ — Cloudy Monday, prob
ably with showers; light west. wind. -.
, Nevada— Cloudy Monday, with •\u25a0 showers;
cooler. \u25a0 '
\u25a0 San. Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Monday,
probably with- showers-; fresh southwest 'Wind.
O. K. JWILLSON, Local Forecaster,
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
: , FORECAST.
Sunday, September 27.
Stmr Geo F Haller, Haaven, 13 H days from
Bristol Bay. ' \
Stmr Gualala, Johnson, 12 hours from Point
Arena. ' * •
1 "Stmr Columbia, Doran, 60 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 47% hourB/
Stmr Brunswick, Johnson, 15 hours from
Fort Bragg. . - <
Stmr Phoenix, Odland, 14 hours from Men
doclno. \u25a0 \u25a0 • * '\u25a0
Stmr Chaa Nelson, Gunderson, ' 45 hour* from
San Pedro, with scnr- Borealls La tow.
Shipping Intelligence.
MONDAY. SEPTEMBER 28.
Sun rises 6:02 a. m.
Sun sets . .....5:59 p. m.
Moon seta 11:31 p. m.
8 ITimeT" ITlmel ITlmel ITlmel
2. 1 Ft. ) J Ft- h Ft. I Ft.
« |H W| |L Wf |H W| 1L wf
28 I 6:06| .4.4|ll:07| 8.1| 4:591 4.7|U:58| 0.7
28.) 7:11| 4.5|12:22| 3.1| 6:04] 4.6!..... .....
|L W| |H Wl ! IL, W| IH Vf\
30 0:51 0.7 8:03 4.7 1:25 2.8 7:10 4.6
1 1:39 0.8 8:48 4.9 2:13 2.6 8:07 4.7
2 2:20 0.8 9:22 CO 2:65 2.2 8:50 4.8
3 3:06 0.9 9:56 5.1 8:83 1.9 9:46 4.8
4 8:40 1.010:24 5.2 4:08 1.5 10:28 4.9
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides ar« riven In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; tha
fourth time column gives the last tides of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charta. except when a minus ( )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low water.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 1903.
9
September 23, 1003. at 0 o'clock, at St. Fran-
cis Church, where a high requiem mass- will'
be celebrated for the repose of his soul. In-
terment private at Holy Cross Cemetery.
DUFF— In Alameda, "September" 27, 1003,
Thomas J., beloved son of Thomas and Rose
Duff, and brother of Mrs. A. H. Grlgsby and
Mrs. C. F. Fletter, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 24 years 6 months and 13 days.
(CTTrionda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday, Eeptember 29, 1903, at 10 o'clock,
from his late residence, 1615 Willow street,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass, commencing at 10:50
o'clock, will be- «ald -for the repose of .bis
soul, interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oak-
land. . L .
DUNN — In this city,' September 2T, 1903, Jen^
nle Dunn, daughter of - John and the late
Martha Dunn, a native of Ban Francisco.
iNew York and Brooklyn papers please copy.)
tCTFrlend* are invited to attend the fu-
neral services at 10:30 o'clock to-morrow
(Tuesday), at tho residence- of her sister,
1120 Taylor street. Interment private, Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
GRANT— In this city, September 27,' 1903.
James A.,* beloved husband of Jennie L.
Grant, and father of James A., John D. and
Raymond V. Grant and Mrs. J. Henderson,
a natlvo of Lancaster, Canada, aged 04 years
and 29 days.
C7Notlce of funeral hereafter.
GREEN— In the City and County Hospital.
September 27, 1003. Nicholas Green, a na-
tive of Greece, aged 45 years.'
GUTTERMANN— In this city. September 26.
' 1903, Lena Guttermann, sister of Richard
Guttermann of New Mexico, a nativt of Ger-
many, aged 46 years.' A member of New
Century Circle No. 613, Companions of the
Forest of America. - •
tC7*Frlends and acquaintances and mem-
bers of -New Century Circle No. 618, Com-
panlons of the Forest - of America, are re-
spectfully Invited to attend the funeral to-
day (Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the par-
lors of A. w. Martin & Co., 819 ©"Farrell
street. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HALL — In Halfmoon Bay, September 28, 1903,
Ervln Milton Hall, son of Niels Henry and
Helml Hall, a native of Halfmoon Bay, Cal.,
aged 1 year and 12 days.
(CT'Friends and acquaintances ars respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 2:80 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of Mr. and Urs. jiolus, 140 Chenery
street.
HOGEBOOM — In Alameda, September 27. 1903,
Lawrence V. Hogeboom, beloved husband of
Ellen Hogeboom, and brother of Frank Hoge-
boom of Sacramento, a native of New York,
aged 76 years and 7 days.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday, September 29, 1903, at 1:80 o'clock,
at the Masonio Hall. Funeral under the
auspices or Oak Grove Lodge No. 215,' F.
and A. M. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery.
KING — In this city. September 27, 1908, at her
residence, 157 Clara street, Theresa J., wife
of Patrick J. King, beloved mother of Edna,
George and Norbert King, beloved daughter
of Bridget and the late. Edward J. Walcott,
and sister of Mrs. John Hayden, Mrs. Frank
J. Foley, Mrs. T. J. Dwyer and Thomas,
George. Edward. Frank and Philip Walcott,
a native ot Boston, Mass.
tCy Notice of funeral hereafter.
McMAHON — In this city, September 20, 1903,
Eleanor Haverin, dearly beloved wife ot
John Joseph McMahon, and devoted mother
of Mrs. J. H. Lewis, Mrs. Henry C. _ick-
man and the late Mrs. Alice Dugan, a native
of Coal Island, County Tyrone. Ireland.
(New York and New Jersey papers please
copy.)
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday
morning. September 29, 1903. at 9:15 o'clock,
from the residence of her daughter, Mrs.
Henry C. Luckman, 20 Hardy street, off Six-
teenth, between Church and Sanchez, thence
to St. Ignatius Church, where a solemn re-
quiem high, mass will be celebrated . for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. .
PATTEN— In this city, September 28. 1903,
Georgle L. Patten, a native Of Portland, Me.
PIOLLE — In this city, September 27, 1903,
Jennie Plolle, beloved daughter of Mr. and
: Mrs. Pierre Marque, filster ot Emlle Plolle
and Celine, Lucle and Emllle Marque, and
granddaughter of Mrs. Mounlque Laborde,
aged 15 years 11 months and 1 day.
ICyNotlce of funeral hereafter.
QUARNSTROM — In this city, September 27,
1903, at the parents' residence. 1K!9 Dolores
street, Hulda Christina, beloved daughter of
Otto and Christina Quarnstrom, and sister
of Albert and Helen Quarnstrom, a native of
Philadelphia, aged 13 years 6 months and
26 days.
SULLIVAN — In this city. September 25. 1903.
Jerome J., dearly beloved son of Catherine
and the late Jeremiah Sullivan, and beloved
brother of Mary. Denis, John, Alice ' and
Frank Sullivan, a native of Virginia City,
Nov., aged 24 years 6 months and 13 days.
JCTFrTends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
' (Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2 Bowie avenue, thence, to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
THE members of Portala Council No. 470,
Young Men's Institute, are requested to at-
tend the funeral of deceased brother. Jerome
J. Sullivan, Monday, September 23. at 9
o'clock.
WARNES— In this city. Senttmber 26, 1903.
John A. Warnes, beloved son of Laura Bor-
gerson, and. brother of Lawrence, Peter,
Oscar, Hanna. Katie. Winnie and Cora
Warnea and Mrs. C. E. Lyons, a native of
Norway, aged 26 years 4 months and 1 day.
A member of Riggers' and Stevedores' Union
Association, Local 222, I. L. M. and T. A.,
and Bald Eagle Trlbo No. 75, Improved
Order of Red Men.
E7Remains at the parlors of tho United
Undertakers, 860 Mission street, between
Fourth and Fifth.
WOOD— In this city, September 27. 1903. Mary
F., beloved daughter of Clarence and Ger-
trude Wood, a native of San Francisco, aged
1 month and 20 days.
AUCTION SALES
__*' SALE EXTRAORDINARY. £a
AUCTION SALE
OF
HIGH-CLASS. STANDARD-BRED MARES.
COLTS. FILLIES AND GELDINGS.
From the Meek. Estate. Haywards. Alameda Co.
Comprising the get of McKinney, Direct.
Hawthorne. Guide, Sidney. FalUs. Richards.
Elector, Wm. Harold, Welcome. Aim'vn and
Suinway,
And GABILAN STOCK FARM, property of
HON. JESSE D. CARR. Salinas. Monterey Co.
Stallions, Mares, Colts and Fillies, by Nut-
wood Wllkes, Dlctatus. Lottery. Ecco. Mara-
brino Jr.. Fairmont. Boodle and Thor. a son of
Electioneer. A very large proportion of th«
horses in this sale are thoroughly broken and
can be driven, by any one. To b* sold by elec-
tric light,
TUESDAY EVENING. September 29, 1903.
\u25a0" At 7:45 o'clock, at
SALESYARD. 1732 MARKET ST.. cor. Via
Nesa ave., Ean Francisco.
Ser.d for catalogues. Horses at yard Septem-
ber 20. Win b« shown at farm. Haywards and
Salinas, at any time prior to that date. .
PDfn Tr f*_r i _ir* _. «rv\
' t\C.U II. *_ it.AMU A V. \J. P
Successors to Kllllp A Co.,
Livestock. Auctioneers.
£^ te> £?s
AUCTION SALE of horses, narness. wagona.
WEDNESDAY. Sept. 3(\ at 11 a. m. Arcad»
Horse Market, 327 Sixth st. JOHN J. DOYLE,
auctioneer.
£ft fc* &&
GRAND AUCTION SALE of Horses. Vntea.
Buggies. Surreys. Carts and Harness of every
description. Sale positive. No reserve. Must
go. At 114O Folsom st., September 29, lH.ni.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AJTAIR3
or the
STANDARD MARINE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF LIVERPOOL, ENGLAND, on the Mst
day of December, A. D. 1902. and for th»
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Calitomia,
pursuant to the provisions of Sections 610 and
611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capita! Stock paid up In
Cash $ 500.000 00
ASSETS.
Gasb Market Va'uo of nil Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. .41.41S.0S1 CO
Cash in Banks 213,885 0O
Interest due and accrued on all •"
Stocks and Loans 16,389 00
Premiums in due course of Col-
lection 194.767 00
Bills Receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fir* and Marine Risks . 1.013 00
Total Assets $1,842,985 00
LIABILITIES. " "~"
Losses adjusted and unpaid '
Losses In process of Adjustment
or in Susnense -S 129,273 00
Losses resisted. Including: ex-
penses
Gross premiums on Marino and*
Inland Navigation Risks, $ ;
re-Insurance 100 per cent . .„ --„ „
Gross premiums on Marine Time r I * z .l~ 00
Flisks. ? ; re-Insurance 60 j
per cent J
1 Due and accrued for Salaries. Rent.
etc.. and sundry creditors 61.S13 00
Total Liabilities I 343.210 00
INCOME. ~
Net Cash actually received for
Marine premiums $ 873 T60 00
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, ar.d
from all other sources 43,493 00
Total Incom* $ 621,253 00
EXPENDITTTRES. ~~~"
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(including % — \u25a0 — , losses of pre-
vious years) $ 823,763 00
Dividends to Stockholders 50,000 00
Paid fcr Salaries, Fees, and other -
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 43.778 31
Paid for State. National and Lo-
cal Taxrs 5.4C0 O
All other payments and expendi-
tures 612 00
Total Expenditures $ 430.611 00
Marine.
Losses incurred daring th» year. . . .$ 319.000 00
Risks and Premiums. I Mar. Risks. I Premium*.
Net amount of Risks ~~
written during the -i. •-?."••
y«*r •%;••,•• 180.507.970 WCS.TO 00
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
rear 08,769.213 B89.S41 00
Net amount In force
December 31. 1002. . 8.463.S4O 142.120 OQ
~~ J. WILLIAMSON, Prest.
JOHN GICK. Secy.
Subscribed and sworn to before m« this 234
day of January. 1908. WM. PIEP.CE,
XJ. S. Deputy Consul.
J. D. SPREGKELS & BROS. GO.
GENERAL AGENTS.
J.B. P. DAVIS & SON, Managers,
215 Sansome St , SAN FRANCISCO, GAL.
Telephone Private Exchano 68.
OCEAN TRAVEL. *
\u25a0^rftr"?^ Steamers Ieav* Baa FHUH
/5W=ADX Cisco as follows:
Am__^^M\ Por Kstehlkaa, Wnajsl,
AT/ V_jQ«_ \-*\ Juneau, Haines, Skax— ay,
[ ( \ii_*^ 1 I etc - Alaska— 11 a. m.. 8*pU
1 I YVaSfV I 19. 23. 23. Oct. 3. Chan»-«
V*V^ \V 7.°/ to company* a steamers at
V^v^-^V Seattle
>dATSr*5 1 ' yor Victoria, Vancourer,
r" -^ Port Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett. Whatcom— 11 a. ra., Sept. 13.
23. 2S. Oct. 3. Changs at SeattI* to this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: as
Seattle for Tacoma to N. P. Ry. : at Vancou-
ver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay>— Pomosa. 1:SO
p. m., eept. 19, 23, Oct. Sj Corona, 1:80 p. m.,
Sept. 22. 28. Oct. 4.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Annies and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 0 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. ra.
For Los . An srelea (via Saa Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Crui. Mon-
terey, San Simeon, Cayucos. Port Harford (Saa
Luis Obtspo). Ventura and Huenenw.
Coos Bay. 0 a. m., Sept. 22. 80, Oct. 8.
Bonlta, 0 a. m., Sept. 18. 28. Oct. 4.
For Ensenada, Magdalens, Bay. San Jos* del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Pax, Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Hex.). 10 . ra., 7th of eac&
month.
For further Information obtain folder. *_fE|
Right is reserved to change steamers or sat*
tnr dates.
TICKET OFFICES — t New Montsrom-
ery street (Palace Hotel), 10 Market str*«t aad
Broadway wharf.
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market street. San Francisco.
O. /?, <£ /V. CO.
"Columbia" sails Sept 80. Oct. 10. 20 36V
Nov. 0, 19. 29. "George W. Elder" satis Oct.
5. 15 25, Nov. 4. 14, 24. Only steamship line
to PORTLAND. OR., and short rail line from
Portland to all points East. Through tickets
to all points, all rail or steamship and rail at
LOWEST RATES. Steamer tickets include
berth and meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear
st. at 11 a. m. S. V. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pus.
Dept. 1 Montgomery st.: C. CLIFFORD, Gen.
Agt. Frt. Dept., 8 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
; (ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.>
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Koto (Hloco).
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc No
cargo received on board on day of sailing.
3. S. NIPPON MARU "?..
Thursday, October 13. 1903
a 5. AMERICA MARU I.
Tuesday, November 10, 1903
S. 8. HONGKONG MARU ?..
Thursday, December 8. 1903
Via Honolulu. Round trip tickets at reduced
rater. For freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's office, 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
Mart Island ana \u25bcallsjo Btsamars.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
8:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:3O p. rn., except Sunday.
Sunday, 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave VaJleJo,
7 a. m.. 12:30 noon, 8 p. m., ex. Sunday. Sun-
day, 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare. 00 cent* T«L
Main 1508. Pier 2. MUslon-tt. dock. HATCH
BROS. .
ROOMS TO LIST— Font, and Cnfnrs.
THE FALMOUTH, 1049a Market st.; furnished j
rooms; hot and cold water; elevator; central.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy St., near Market—
400 single and family rooms; 3'c to $1 night;
$1 75 to $0 week; elevator; electric lights;
reading-room; free bus and bagfrage. ~'-:~ .
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d it., near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
SSc to (1 50 night; $2 to 5-S week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bun; baggage.
A BRANCH office, for Call advertisements and
subscriptions, has been established at 1000
Valencia »t. .
ROOMS A\D BOAKI).
ELEGANT large sunny alcove room; also an-
other: gas, bath, running -water; first-clasa
board; private family; no children; phone.
1224 Golden Gate ave. \u25a0>
ACCOMMODATION for two $20 each: oarloT,
piano, phono, sevlns machine. M. B., Call
branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
STEVENSON Mansion, 807 California st. — At-
tractiva and sightly rooms; best table and
service; lowest rates. •-
VAN NESS ave., 1714— Private boarding-house,
home like, everything first class; sunny
suites; single rooms: choice locality; ref.
HAYES. 671 — Nice front room with board for
gentleman: private family: reasonable.
PIERCE. 47— Sunny front room, suitable for
one or two; board optional; phone Page 555.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE annual meeting; of . the lot owners of th«
Odd Fellows' Cemetery will be held on M6n-
day, September 28, 1003, at 2 p. m., at tha
office of the association. Point Lobos ave.,
for the election of four trustees, etc By
order of the board of trustees.
WILLIAM E. LUTZ, President.
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secretary.
NOTICE Is hereby given that the Transfer
Books for the transfer of stock of The Bank
of California win be closed September 15,
1903. at 3 o'clock p. m.. and will reopen on
Friday. October 2. 1003. By order of tha
Board ot Director*
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
Eeptember 3. 1903. '
DR. A. E. NETOIEISTER, Surgeon— Special
attention given to medical and surgical dis-
eases of women, diseases of the liver, stom-
ach and bowels. 613-14 Starr King bldg.,
121 Geary st. ; tel. Private Exchange 216.
PENSION attorney; M. HARRIS, 40 Ellis St.,
Ban Francisco: 14 years' experience.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
positively cured: new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlneham. 204 Sutter et.
bEWIAG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES
WHITE sewing machines of all styles and
prices.
CHAIN STITCH
LOCK STITCH COMBINATION.
I HEM STITCH
Have you seen our late style- automatic lift?
We rent or sell on easy payments.
For free trial phone Black 1106, 300 Post st..
Ban Francisco, or phone Brush 551, 470 13th
»t_. Oakland, or 1S41 Fillmore St.. 8. F.
We want sewing machine men. Corna and
have a talk with us — we could use a good
closer.
NEW HOMU sewing machine, this week only,
$10. $15. SCO: slightly used: needles 20o doz.
NEW HOME S M. CO.. 1051 Market st.
STOItAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved; shipped. 725-
; 731 Howard st.. near Third; phone Grant 101.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving; Co.. of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
\u25a0 CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 840
Mission st ; tel. Howard 811. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
et. ; tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rates.
STUTTBIIIXG AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE School, 'Van ! Ness^ Market^Cure
in every case; individual teaching-; no medi-
cine. Inquire into wonderful cures; home cure*.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
G^EA^TBXR^AlNTlN^YP^W^IT^RS^We
•ell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals f3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 530 California; telephone Main 26S.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gomery Bt.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
~gb*ter Typewriter Irmpec. Co.. B0« Market.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice.— Mercantile Trust Company
of San Francisco— Dividend No. 2 of, three
dollars per*share will be payable at the of-
fice of the corporation, 236 Bush St., San
Francisco, October 1. 1903; transfer books
will dose September 23, 1903.
JOHN D. McKEE. Secretary.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be, handed
in at either of the publication offices ' and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the eame published.
BORN.
MUSSER — In this city. September 21, 1903, to
the wife of Jesse Musser, a con.
OSIO — In this city, September 24, 1903, to the
•wife of A. M. Oslo, a daughter.
WOODHOUSE— In this city, September 27.
1803, to the wife of Percy C. Woodhouse, a
daughter.
„_ .. DIED. ~
Atherton, Louisa Guttermann, Lena
Bain, Florence Hall, Ervln M.
Brown, George A. Hogeboom, Lawrence
Brownrigg, Wm. E. King, Theresa J.
Campion, John F. McMahon. Eleanor
Davis, Esther Patten, Georgia L.
Donahue. Annie Plolle, Jennie
Drolet, Slxto T. Quarnstrom, Hulda
Duff, Thomas J. Sullivan, Jerome J.
Dunn, Jennie Warnes, John A.
Grant, James A. Wood, Mary F.
Green, Nicholas
ATHERTON — In the City and County Hospi-
tal. September 27, 1903, Louise Atherton, a
native of Illinois, aged 46 years.
BAIN— In this city, September 27, 1903, Flor-
ence, beloved wife of the \u25a0 late Alexander
Bain, and mother of the late James it.
Chambers, a native of Pennsylvania.
IE7FTlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the chapel of
Charles H. J. Truman & Co.. 1000 Mission
Etreet, between Fifteenth and Sixteenth.
BROWN— In this city. September 27, 1903,
Georgo Albert, dearly beloved son of Albert
and Kitty Brown, a native of San Francisco,
aged 2 months and 29 days.
BROWNRIGG — In this city, Eeptember 27,
1903, William D. Brownrigg, husband of F.
Brownrigg, and brother of Robert F. and
Henry J. Brownrigg, a native of San Fran-
cleco, aged 25 years 8 months and 27 days.
CAMPION — In this city. September 25, 1003,
John F. Campion, beloved father of Julia.
Alice and Edward Campion, and brother of
Mrs. Ann Lacy and Jamea Campion, a na-
tive cf County Kilkenny, Ireland, aged 37
years 0 months and 2 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 225 Eighth street, between Howard
and Folsom. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.
DAVIS— In this city, September 20, 1903, Es-
ther, beloved wife of Ben Davis, and mother
of Sadie and Cora Davis, a . native of St.
Louis, Mo., aged 37 years 5 months and 8
days.
07Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1627 Polk street. Interment Hills of
Eternity Cemetery, by 11 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets.
DONAHUE — In Oakland, September 27, 1903.
Annie Donahue, beloved wife of Francis
Donahue, and mother of Mrs. William J.
Krltton, a native of Queens County, Ireland,
aged SO years.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
September 29, 1903, at 8:30 o'clock, from her
late residence, 33 Chase street, thence to St.
• Patrick's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 0 o'clock. • Inter-
ment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
DROLET — In this city, September 20." 1903,
entered into rest at his residence, 49 Val-
paraiso street, Stxto Thomas Drolet, beloved
\u25a0 son, of Mrs. Johanna Drolet, and brother of
Mrs. John Barton. Mrs. J. F. Post. Mrs. C.
Rogers, Mrs. Aicher. Mrs. W. Thomson,
Mrs. 8. V. Bunner. Mrs. E. Linstrom and
the late. John E. Drolet, a native of San
Francisco, aged 82 years 4 months and 2
days. , \u25a0
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
f ully Invited to attend the funeral Monday,
\ '.. . . ~^ """" S
i HCAL ESTATE Country For- Sal*.
j A RARE barg-ain — 2100 acres Stanislaus Coun-
ty, 13U0 acres good plow lund; all exception-
ally pood grazing land; fenced and improved;
will exchange for San Francisco property.
i A. B. TAIiPET, room 34. 50S Montgomery
st., San Franciisco.
£ ACHES land, adjeining Union Park, Colma;
fenced hedges around land; good bouse;
chicken-house*, water; reasonable; chickens.
ducks. R. 5. THORNTON, 410 Examiner bid.
FRUIT ranch. 22. acres; full bearing:; Im-
provements; % prunes, % epricots.
peaches; trees 10 years old. For particu-
lars. A. J. McCOT. Campbell. CaL
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: inspected bargains; monthly cata-
Jcpues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 64$
Market ft.
FOR »ale — 25 acres near Muir Station: partly
planted in young vl:inyard; oiled roads. Ad-
drfEs n. B.. 507 Sixth Bt.. Oakland.
BARGAIN — To rent or sell, 4% acres near San
Mateo. 207 Church nr. Market. 10 to 11 a. m.
FOR poultry and dairy ranches yielding a good
pmflt HAMILTON & KENDRICK.Petaluma.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA HEAL ESTATE.
JUST WHAT TOU ARE LOOKING FOR.
A PRETTT HOME IN ALAMEDA.
Surrounded by flowers and fruit tr»es; near
train end schools; only $2S50; lot 75x125.
Nice 8-rocm cottace nnd bath.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPA>rr.
Tel. Grand 1-116. 1500 Park gt.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
J. J. MASON.
Real Estate and Insurance Agent. I
Choice Property a Specialty.
BE cor. Ehattuck ave. and Center ft.
Berkeley, Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 _EOADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$2T.OO — COMFORTABLE cottage with bay-wln-
Cow and high basement; lot 140 feet deep;
fine, large barn; gravel driveway; nice
neighborhood;. Etreet work all done; above
Ean Pablo ave.; terms If you like.
No matter what kind of a place you want
to buy. b« runs to call and eee J. S. MYERS
or GEORGE W. AUSTIN, 1002 Broadway,
Oakland. .
j OAKLAND r J^^X^ggg^O^J^B-
TO-MORROW tho day for bargains In furni-
ture. H. Schellham. 11th «t.. cor. .store. Oaklnd.
Mill Valley Advertisements-
MILL VALLEY HOUSES TO LET.
TO rent — For a term, very reasonable, "Cy-
press Lodge"; charmiris cottage, furnished,
6 rooms, bath, concrete cellar, rose garden,
electrio lights; sheltered eide of valley; Ideal
winter climate;, splendid electrio train ser-
vice; 6 minutes' from station. C. TOOHEV,
Mill Valley, or box 4357. - CaJl of flea.
ROOMS FOR I1OUS-KEEPIXQ.
AXTuHHs. 415 Turk st.— Strictly modernTT3
rocm apartments; fur. or unfur. for hEkpg.
BUCHANAN, C10 — 2 or S furnished rooms for
! lisnt housekeeping-.
! CHURCH. 2C9— 2 furnished housekeeping
rooms; running water; baths and every con-
venience; Market and Fillaiore 8t cars. •
EDDT. 730 — Sunny housekeeping and single
roorm.
FOL?OM, 7M. near Third — Furnished house-
kpg. rooms; gas etove, pantry, cloeet; $9.
GEART, Three nicely furnished eunny
roorna for housekeeping. /
HERBERT (The) — Sunny apartments for
hcunkcfrir.fr; gas ranges; Just rewly fur-
nished. 1530 Polk et.
HOFF ave., 75. Mission warm belt— Large
eur.r.y Yiren-lurnished room; use of dining-
room and kitchen; Eatlsfactcry terms.
HOWARD. 1063 — 2 eunr.y connctg completely
fum. hskpgr. rms.; range; water; eleo lights.
ITTDB, 813 — Three elegantly furnished rooms
for housekeeping-; no children; reference.
KEARNY, 104— Surjiy front suite, 111; un-
furnished: no children.
LASKIE. 27, opposite Mission, between Eighth
&nd Ninth — 3 sunny, furnished housekeeping
\u25a0 rooms; rent cheap.
MINNA, 2S1, corner Fourth — Furnished sunny
housekeeping rooms; also front and single.
NINTH, 155—2 or 3 large furnished housa-
kpg. nns.; gas range; bath; private family.
PEARL. 8, cor. Market — 3 furnished house-
i.r-'j !mr rooms; separate; cas; $17; no
children.
STATE, 1S3— 3 rooms, kitchen, bath; light.
eunnr, unfurnished. 3117 Church ct.
BT. JAMES. McAllister and Laguna— Fur-
nished eunny suite, with separate sunny
kitchen: g_ range; all complete tor house-
keeping; 115 up.
STOCKTON, 120C, Model House— Front rooms,
newly furnished, $5; phone, gas, bath, sunny.
THE Gilleepie, 119 Ninth st. — Nicely furnished
rooms, f 1 CO to $3 per week; pbona; quiet.
\u25a0WEBSTER. CG — Elegantly furn. rooms for 2
gents., or luikps. ro^ms for man and wife.
2 CLEAN unfurnished rooms, large closets; eun
in or.e; water; bath; $10. Box 4362, Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
EUbecrlpUo&s has- been established at 1003
Valencia st.
APARTMENTS FO* HOUSEKEEPING
EL MONTGRET. the city's newest apartment
hotel, located on the north side of Pina St.,
between Hyde and Leavenworth; a superb
brick building of Spanish architecture; all
the comforts of housekeeping combined with
the conveniences of hotel life; prices very
reasonable.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. HDd Untarn.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms
2Dc to f 1 per night, $1 25 to 15 per week aad
light housekeeping rooms; open all ifight.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st.(or No. 1
Firth st.) — Rooms, 25c, 60c, $1, SI &0 night;
i\ tO to $10 week; hcuse open oil r.izht.
BURNETT, 1428 Market— (old No. ISM)— Fur-
nlshed rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA. 15C3— Newly and elegantly fur-
uished puites and 6ingle and housekeeping
rooms; phone, bath.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. • Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELEVENTH. 100 — 2 completely furnished sun-
ny rooms for housekeeping.
ELLIS. lieO — Nicely furnished rooms; also
housekeeping rooms in modern flat.
FRANKLIN. 223 — 2 furnished rooms and bath;
reasonable.
GEARY. 807— Elegantly furnished suits cf
rooms with piano. - z x- '•\u25a0
GEARY, 1933 — For adults; 4 rooms, 2 beds;
bath, toilet; gas and coal stoves.
GOLDEN GATE, 414— Newly furnished sunny
suite; also single rooms; $2 to $3 week.
GRAND Southern. 7th end Mission— Rooms SOo
to fl 60 night; $2 to $3 week; reading-room.
HOTEL GRATSTONE
63 Geary st.; phone Bush 6S0.
Centrally located fireproof hotel; elegantly
furnished suites, with baths and rlngles.
LARKIN, 804— Sunny front, suitable for 1 or 2
gents, grate, gas, C7; single room, $5.
MCALLISTER. 19S1, near O. G.. Park— Furn.
rms.. sunny; bath; board optional; magnlf'ct.
MINNA, 32S — Nice newly furnished rooms, sin-'
glo or suites. \u25a0
NEWLY furnished nunny front • bay-window,
room In private family. $S: north of \u25a0 Mar-
ket st.; references. Box CC6. Call office.
NINTH, 113 — Single sunny furnished room; renf-
reasonable. - _0
NATOMA. 1330V4. near Fifteenth — Three fur-^,
nished rooms and yard; cheap, rent. _., j
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rocms and '
offices; elevator; elec. l'trhts; day, .week,' mo.'.
HOTALHouee. 120 Ellis— Incandescent lights, ;
:eadir.g-rocm. *moHns-room awl ladles' par-
3cr; rooms v>cr nlcht. ".'<c to (1 60; week. $3
to fS; month, fx to $«0: elevator on ground
fleer; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SILVER. 142; bet. Third and Fourth — $5 and $0
a month: 2 rooms; furniture new; gentlemen
preferred. ' ___
ST. . JAMES. McAllister and Laguna— Front
eunny rooms; all new; very cheap; telephone
, Fa«ft S751, % b .-J
- tii PERSONALS.
>if FACIAL feLKlllSliKS: O_UOVKU
»«rtnkier.%ellow and flabby tkin. birthmarks.
• caiipcj. iJltUjigB tn<5 tears scifntiflcally r»-
move-i* without cutting. :nassase. electricity or
rr.eait.Tje»: eptcial demonstrations this week.
__C«a or write Dr. L. WILLIAMS. 371 Geary.
tl SOCIAL— Keducetf rpr tfce month oniy. home
jTeatniTOl that yci can use at your own
\u25a0 r:e, wsftesfee wrinkles, tan. freckles, leav-
l«VT »klr. o*r and ecuxith: to be fc*d only a:
rr.y olftre. Call or writ* M. ELLA HAKR1S.
_*gy<ypsCTrti st.
-."1- ft£r Hair Remedy restores gray hair, lm-
! roves Us*6tow_, stops falling, cures dandruff
£'\u25a0•»» itching eca!p; no etain or stickiness;
encases! eccip; at drufrrlBts. hairdressers ; ac-
Star Remedy Co.,li3S Polk.
I'KAUX — Pr0.fessor~"ilartln. irrartuate masseur
pt the lmi>erjfcl irnlvrr»ity Hospital. Vienna.
V"i* =24 FULrT Kta * bld *- l ' 1 «eary. Tel.
i-*chajyje 216.
I. PETER FALLER vrtll not be responsible
gr any debts fr.curred by my wife. AMY
i- ALLEH. ehe having left cay bed and board.
o » P. FALLER.
NO? Jiow cheap, but how good is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
tianfiard. the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS. Krrnt. 1021 Market st.
mYfXIASi. *1S years' vxmrience. cures per-
jratfnUy moixolne. cocaine habit. Call or
«<S<;j-ess C*ntrml Pharmacy. 261 Grant ave..
Totr.er gutter ct. ; fee moderate.
A "GENTLEMAN wants to form the acquain-
tance or California lady: object matrimony.
IAddrefi box lk(X». Call cff.ee.
DltL'XKENKESS. morphine and all drug dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
1S3» Pglk ft.; consultation tree; call or write.
P—MOVAL— DR. W. C. STRATTON has re-
laoved his efflce from 2£S5 Mission st. to
rooms '73 and '74. ParroU bldg (Emporium).
HAIRDRESSINO !n all tranches taucrht: S5 for
S weeks. Cp-to-Date H&lrdresalng- Faxlora,
1026 Market rt.. room 1. upstairs.
DANCING Tue«<3ay, Thursday, Saturday and
Sunday everincs at Tcutcnla Hall. Howard
et.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
AT lees thar ec«t, uncalled for eultm. overcoats
• r.d tr-nj«TF. at CHARLES LYONS". London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
ELEGANT suits on easy Installment a; 50 cents
end up per week. LEON LEMOS, 1_I
Market et.. between Seventh and Eighth.
6L*PERFLUOT"P h?-ii & moles removed by elec-
tric reeflle. Dr. & Mrs. Traverse. 1170 Market.
THE best p'.ace to buy good umbrellas or
have them covered or repaired Is 120 Stockton.
ALL ety.!*» hairdresting 25c; hair goods; manl-
ccrlng. 25c, O. LEDERER. 123 Stockton St.
TAII^OR-MAJDE eait J7 SO; dreea pants $2 50.
»ll£St CKnhlng far;or. cor. Hush and Pupont.
MA6QtTERADE co«tumes. play books, wigs,
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt
ALFREDUM'S Ecyptlan Henxa restores gray
Pair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
SuperfluciU! fcair and mole* removed with elec-
trtc ne^d> Mm. A Mls» Eaton, lilt* Sutter.
PAJLfltlSTBY.
MME. DEVAS— ScientiSc pilmlst and —trolo-
Het. Palm readirps Jl. Hours 10 to 12 end
1 to 8. and Tuesday everJnes. 139 Post tt.
II. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. C13
Taylor tt.. n>ar G^ary. Phone Rlack r»Cl.
PAI'KUUAXGIXG. PAIXT1VG. ETC.
liOOilS papwd. *3 60 up; tlntlnjj, painting.
lia.rur.mnn Paint Co.. 319 3fl >t.:tel. Main 413.
KEAL^JESTATK CITV FOR SALE:.
EA6TON, ELI>IUDGE~&~CO^
CSS MARKET BT.
(EEtab'.lrtie'd 1873.)
AUCTION.
AUCTION-.
AUCTION
• TrET*T>AT, EEPTEMBEK £3 1903
At our paiefToom. CCS Market St.
At 12 o'clock noon.
"ESTEP.N ADDITION* FLATS.
>TE. cor. Webster and Fulton sts. : 3 elegant
Tats of 5-« rooms, pcrcelaln baths, \u25a0wooden
mantels, brtck foundation; rents *100 month,
c YVSEBSTKH-ST. LW'ESTMEXT.
\u25a0W. line ot Webster st.. 37:fl ft. S. ot Hayes;
N'os «13-15-17-ia Webster; 4 elegant 2-story
and basement residences; modern plumbing,
patent flush toilets; renting for $145 per month;
iot ZZfifO feet.
' • F-ULTOX-ST. r^-lTSTMENT.
N. line of FuJton et.. 78 ft. \V. ct "Webster:
?»'os. 7CS-T4-7C-7S Fulton et.; 4 substantially
erected cottages; rents extremely low for $10
per*jr.ontfc: mortgage of $2000 can remain;
large lot. 79:11x11*0 feet
. " • DOWXTOWN INVESTMENT.
NcrthtreEtejiy line cf Harrison ct., 109 ft.
eou£h of l<kij. >Tos. 1412-1414-14Va Harrison
*t. ; ' c?eadlly rented, bringing in an Income of
$'ci0 per month; fiats in first-class condition;
this is the fisest Investment In this flistrict.
MINNA-ST. FLATS.
P. line ef Minna et.. 63 ft. NE. of Sth; Nos.
CC.,V,C3^ Minna «t-; 2 very beautiful bay-
. window flats of 4 rooms and bath; rents $31
«non_.
MISSION FLATS.
VT line of Potrero ave.. 167:6 ft. N. of 21st
et.; Nos. \u266662-4-6 P<4trero ave.; 3 beautiful new
flats, containing B-8 rooms and porcelain baths,
\u25a0 t;U< si—*, carved wooden mantels, cas grate;
modern, in every respect; stable on the prem-
Is^rf; Jot _:3xl00 tu; mortgage of $3500 can
• rem_n.
ttti»k-st. uri_o_:o lot.
6W. cor.'tjf Turk and Central ave.; particu-
larly desirable building site fcr the erfctioa
of flats; lot level and ready for building; lot
. £7:67.110 feet.
. . MISSION' COTTAGE.
«?V Une» of Xoe st., 103:4 ft. N. of I_filey
. tL-: ?. of* 30th; No. 1739; well-built cottage of
4 rooms and bath and high basement, inclosed
(lass porch, fine stable; lot 30x115 feet.
MISSION INVESTMENT.
Nw. cor. isth aad Colllngwood Kts. ; izaprove-
c rr.enfb -consist cf a two-etory frame building
c containing & store and fiat above, <J rooms and
bath: eta&l^ in rear; rents $C5 per month; lot
2&X.75 *!•**.'
MISSION BUILDING BITE.
KW. cor. Cfcrirch and Valley sts.; magnifi-
cent building tite In a particularly fleslrable
neighborhood; this property is so situated that
It commands a beautiful view; lot 20:0x100 ft.
THE MCCARTHY COMPAXT, 640 Market st^
£50,000— New Pariflc-ave. investment: now
rented for $50<X> a year.
56.000— Pierce end Vidleja ct. corner; Barlne
view; etreet work all done.
. CS.C50 — Choice ccrcer on Union st^ with two
cctta^ee suitable to improve.
$1,200 — Ocean HotiFe mad corner, 100x125- hal*
real vaiue for quick MJe.
!$150 — For a Eunsy Bide level building 1 lot.
f5.2r>0— Two flats; always rented: near Union.
$2.r.5O — Stelner-st. cottage; a choice locality
t2.W)0 — Lot. Union st. near Pierce.
»1.2(XM-^Gre*nwlch-!!t. building lots.
$175 — Special barraln for Lakeviaw lot.
$1.300— Comer en Webster st. ; bargain.
$650— Fruitvale; large corner; cheap
$1.200— Webeter-st. lots, near Greenwich.
THE McCARTHT CO_PAyT. 646 Market st.
BAP.GAINS ""* " "
$2400 — Cottace S romrn and bath; lot £3x100-
Precita ave.; cars pass the door; $500 cash. ' i
$1300 — Cottage. 4 rooms; lot 25x80; Folsom et.- I
half block frcra cars; etreet work ail done ' I
$£S00 — $500 cash; 2-story, 7 rooms; modern;" jot
20x125; f.ne neighborhood; between Twenty-
fifth and Twenty-fiixth streets.. Fair Oake.
$2100 — Cottage. 4 rocnis, and ctable; unfinished ,
tawmen:; can be made into a. flat; Duncan
' «t.. sunny cide, between Ouerrero and Do-
lores.
$1100 — Lot 25x123; Fair Oaks et., between
Twenty-f.fth and Twenty-sixth; eunny side;
fine neighborhood; lots in eame block held at
$2000; %'JXi each, balance leng time.
J. F. PLUMPE. 1402 Valencia gt.
$37W) — CALL to-day and see my two elegant
new 6l2M"ootn houses; porcelain bath, tiled.
very hlrh baefir,er.t; could be converted into
fi*ar rooms; cement fiiJ«wa3k; sewered; few
et£ps frorn ears; trust be «e«n to be appre-
cififcd; 3f> and 27 Krazil ave.: take red Mis-
- rf>n-6t. «r. E. LEWIS. 630 Market et.
EAKGAIN — Tw* handsome new residences of
6 rooms anfl bath; sunny, modern ted up to
dr^e In evefy particular; Ncs. 006 and &03
Clayton st,, near Golden Gate Park; prica
. $5HiO und 55400. Apply R. D. CRANSTON
A> BONS. 114 Montgomery st.
't'-''4> COTTAGE of 4 r. and b.. large basement
and yard; 224 27th et. : this is a bargain.
JIOOiJOTWu and $15 per month; cottage, 4 r. and
d.; Nevada ave.
». COFFIN A CO.. 8303 Mission st.
> S1C00 — KEV, modem, up-to-date 4»-room and
. bath ottajre: eunny; Mission; $400 cash. $15
monthly. OWNER, box 43C3. Call office.
COTTAGE with all modern Improvements;
trf-ms eatne as rent. Apply owner, lumber
yird. # 6E. corner Alabama and Montcalm sts.
$ll;OOo — INCOME property couth of Market St.;
tpays 10% per cent net after deducting all
expenses. THORNE & CO.. 312 Bush et.
EC'tt-iD on ycur unimproved realty: w« loan
full ccit improv end part let at 0 per cent.
MANHATTAN XvOAN CO.. Crocker building.
J "' r ' T + — House 8 rms. : high basement; sunny
Fifie JSth. brt. Valencia and MlMion: no reas.
offer refuted. Gtepl.eni & Co.. Un!or.-«q. Mkt.
FOR sale— Fine income fiats on Fulton, near
City Hall treasonable. m Inquire 142 Fulton st.
T«\ LEASIV-Oeneral farm. l!)0 arres. in Con-
tra Cons. Co. Tier. ?.7. Lafayette. Cal. •
*A VTKEK'S r.evrs far 5 c#r.:»— Th» V.v-kly Call.
T^j?acpR. !n wrapper, fcr msrirr. *1 r>»r vMr
~7Su>SS~V aTlEVJRBA LJRS T ATl^
Z't'.K Mann place, Uo— Valley. W -!1J b,. offered
for *ale thenrxt thirty <la>."; price fCO.'jo.
» /tddnsKs foes 16. Rets.
r"oi\T nirHMOH) nnAL estate. J
.\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0*-—».-.\u25a0\u25a0-..\u25a0 - \u25a0..\u25a0\u25a0I,.,,.., .......... I
\VATER front Jots and bargains; all tracts; 1
maps, photos. «tc. BELL. 417 ParroU fcitfj. I
OCEAN TBAV_L.
Occanics.$.co.nag?,.;a!
- OIRECI UMtoTAHirt
S.S. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
.. land and Sydney. Thursday, Oct. 3. 2 p m
S.S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Oct. 17. 11 a-ml
S.S. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti, Oct. 28, 11 a. m.
Af .SPIECSEU- IEflS.ea-«s1s..TIclftan-i,B43 IsrbtS
Jni)!it6_*.!2J iuWUktU. l.httttt.
COMPAONIE GENERALS TRAHSATLANTI^Ci
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. _»^%j^
Balling every Thursday instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. ra.. from Pier 42. '"^tsTBtS 7
North River, foot of Morton s t.
First-class to Havre, $70 and upward. Sec-
ond-class to Havre, $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FdR UNITED STATES AND
.CANADA. 82 Broadway (Hudson • Building),
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Paciflo Coast
Agents, 6 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tkfceta sola by ail Railroad Ticket Agent*,Malta is the most. thickly populated isl
and In the world. It has 1360 people to the
square mile. Barbadoea has 1054 people y to
the sauare mil* . C
Lee Kelly was arrested early yesterday
morning by Special Officer Kelly andi
booked on a charge of burglary. He Is
accused of having entered the room of!
John McCann in the Grand Central
House, 681 Mission street, through an
open window in the hall and stealing {5 75,.
Charged With Burglary.
Good service in large demand — that's why we
are always busy. My sell-Rollins, 22 Clay. •
Dr. Alexander J. Mclvor-Tyndall deliv
ered a lecture last evening at Stelnway
Hall, his subject being "What Is Clair
voyance?" His lecture was very, clear and
was frequently illustrated. He traced the
matter of psychic subjects from the ma
terial science to psychic science, and de
clared that Investigation had reached a
point where the scientist must admit he is
baffled or accept the j hypothesis of the
spiritualist and the positiveness of invisi
ble forces. Tyndall's lecture was followed
by exhibitions of thought transference
and demonstrations of clairvoyance.
Tyndall Explains Clairvoyance.
TBIES TO END HER LIFE
WITH CARBOLIC ACID
Mrs. Maggie O'Brien Attempts to
Commit Suicide for the Sec-
ond Time.
Mrs. Maggie O'Brien swallowed a dose
of carbolic add in her room at 1314 Stock
ton street yesterday morning. She was
observed lying on the floor, moaning with
pain, by Harry Welsh, another roomer,
who Informed the landlady, and the police
were notified. The landlady poured olive
oil down Mrs. O'Brien's throat and she
was sent to the Harbor Emergency Hos
pital.
Detectlve Taylor was detailed on the
case and he learned that Mrs. O'Brien
had Quarreled with her son, who is em
ployed on the steamer Umatllla, because
she persisted in living with James Brown,
a sailor, and she became despondent and
began to drink heavily. She purchased
the bottle of carbolic acid about a week
ago and the empty bottle was found be
side her on the floor.
Two months ago Mrs. O'Brien turned
on the gas in her room. She was found
unconscious and It was with considera
ble difficulty that she was brought back
to consciousness. - — , _
AfitMHRM '
The only description the ladles could
give of the thief was that he was about
16 years of age, of fair complexion and
wore a black slouch hat and dark clothes.
A bold case of satchel snatching oc
curred about 8 o'clock on Saturday night
at Leavenworth and Post streets. Miss
E. Flguera, 1419 Hayes street, and her
sister were walking south on Leaven
worth 6treet and when they reached the
northeast corner of Post and Leaven
worth four boys who were standing on
the corner separated, two standing
against the wall and two on the curb
stone, so that the two sisters had to pass
between the two pairs. /
Miss E. FIguera was carrying herthand
satchel and one of the two boys standing
on the curb snatched it from her. The
four boys ran along Post street toward
Hyde and the two ladles were too sur
prised at the boldness of the crime to call
for help. They notified Policeman Hamill
and he reported the matter to police
headquarters. The satchel contained 75
cents, a key, knife and two handker
chiefs.
Four Boys Commit a Bold Theft at
Leavenworth and Post
Streets.
SNATCH YOUNG LADY'S
SATCHEL AND ESCAPE
Buy your watches at Lundy's, 4 Third
street and 752 Market street. •
The union fixed Saturday, Monday and
Tuesday, October 10, 12 and 13, as dates
for a vote by chapels on proposed amend
ments in the constitution and by-laws of
the International Typographical Union.
"Whereas, W. S. Leake, manager of The San
Francisco Call. Is about to retire from said po
sition upon hl3 own volition and request; and.
Whereas. During his incumbency his rela
tions with San Francisco Typographical L,nlon
No 21 have been characterized by a degree of
upright manliness, honorable purposes and cour
teous treatment to an extent that demands our
heartiest acknowledgment; therefore, be it
Resolved, By San Francisco Typographical
Union No. 21 that, in severing our relations
with Mr. Leake, we acknowledge our appre
ciation of him as an upright, honorable busi
ness man and declare that wherever his lot
may be cast in future he has the best wishes
of those of our members with whom he has
been associated and of San Francisco Typo
graphical Union.
Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions
be presented to Mr. Leake.
"W. \V. COPELAND. President,
H. L. WHITE, Sec.-Treas.
The regular monthly meeting of San
Francisco Typographical Union No. 21
was held yesterday afternoon in Laurel
Hall, Shiels building, nearly 400 members
being in attendance. The union received
six applicants for membership and four
candidates were Initiated. A donation
was voted to the linemen, who are now on
a strike. A proposition to refurnish th«
union's room in the Printers' Home at
Colorado Springs was taken up, but final
action was deferred until the next meet
ing.
The following resolution was Introduced
by President AV. W. Copeland and unani
mously adopted by the members:
Members Unanimously Adopt Reso
lutions Expressing Their Ap
preciation of W. S. Leake.
TYPOGRAPHICAL UNION
HOLDS MONTHLY SESSION
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. 50c flask. Richard & Co.. 406 Clay. •
An engine driver working from Crewe
to London and back has to notice no
fewer than 570 signals.
In the afternoon stations of the cross
and instructions for children were held
at 4 o'clock and in the evening services
consisting of rosary. Instruction, mission
sermon and benediction of the blessed
.sacrament were given. During the two
weeks the above will be the order of ex
ercises, with the addition ihat there will
be mass and instructions at 5:;i> o'clock
in the morning and again at 9 o'clock.
As the church is not sufficiently spacious
to accommodate all the members of the
Father Marianus Fiege preached the
mission sermon, detailing the causes and
needs for missions, comprising a special
course of sermons and instructions, vivid
ly bringing before the mind the great
truths of salvation.
b-~.mKi HE Capuchin fathers, who have
1 1* recently been given Jurisdiction
I by Archbishop RIordau over the
As entire Mendocino coast, from
Point Arena to Humboldt, opened
a two weeks' mission at St. Paul's Church
yesterday. The opening services were
most Impressive. They consisted of a
solemn high mass, with Rev. C. E. Ken
nedy celebrant, Rev. J. II. Casey of Chi
cago deacon and Rev. Patrick Hennessy
subdeacon. M. D. Connolly acted as
master of ceremonies.
At the gospel the Choral Society of St.
Paul's entered in procession, with Very I
Rev. Father Marianus Fiege and Rev.
Father Lawrence Blanderfield bringing
up the rear. They marched all through
the aisles of the church chanting the
"Venl. Creator," and the effect was very
beautiful.
The Capuchins wear the habit of the
Franciscans, but are unshorn and with
their long beards and sandaled feet pre
sent an imposing and patriarchal appear
ance.
congregation the first week will be for
women and the second week for men. Ex
ceptions to this arrangement will be per
mitted and men who otherwise would not
be able to be present at the mission may
come the first week: women who cannot
come the first week may come the second
week. At the morning services "all, both
men and women, may be present.
Fathers Flegre and BlanCerfleld are the
advance guard of the members of the Or
der of Minor Capuchins who will settle on
the Pacific Coast. The district over which
they have Jurisdiction is one of the most
difficult in the State and has been tended
with Indifferent success heretofore by
secular priests. The fathers named are
the pioneers of the Capuchin order In this
State.
Father Flege Is a German by birth and
a man of great learnine and experience.
He has lived for more than twenty years
in England before coming to this country.
Father Blanderfield is of Encllsh birth.
Both are connected with the mother house
in England. Father Henderson Is expect
ed to join them before the close of the
mission.
MEMBERS OF THE CAPUCHIN ORDER OF MONKS WHO ARE NOW
CONDUCTING A MISSION IN THIS CITY PRIOR TO TAKING UP
THEIB LABORS ALONG THE COAST OF MENDOCINO.
The Amateur Athletic League of San
Francisco will give an entertainment and
dance this evening at the Armory Hall,
£15 Ellis street, and a large attendance is
expected. The league was organized
early this year and is for the purpose of
bettering amateur sports. The clubs al
ready affiliated are the Brooklyn, Pre
sidio, La Union and Battery D, National
Guard. The proceeds of to-night's enter
tainment will be devoted to the coming
football season's trophy. Xext Sunday,
\u25a0 the Presidio and Brooklyn clubs will play
the opening game of the football season
at the Presidio Athletic Grounds.
Athletes to Give Entertainment.
Let us fit your hand to a good foun
tain pen. The "Waterman," "Swan" or
"Marshall" are the only ones worth
considering. Prices $1.00 to J5.00 each.
Eanborn. Vail <t Co.. 741 Market street.*
Fountain Pen. Ne\rs.
Yee Foo was placed under arrest Later
he was positively identified by Detectives
McMahon and others as the man who
ehot and killed Yee Him, and was booked
on the charee cf murder. The police had
been looking for him since the murder,
but he had managed to keep out of their
way.
' Yee Foo, alias Tee Ling, was booked at
the City Prison yesterday morning on a
charge of murder. He Is accused of shoot
ing and killing Yee Him at Washington
ttreet and 'Ross alley about 1 o'clock on
ihe afternoon of April 8, at the time of
the war 'between the Ping Kong tong and
the Suey Dun tong. Yee Foo is a Ping
Kong man and Yee Him belonged to the
ether tcng. It was claimed that Yee Him
had killed a member of the Ping Kong
rong some months previous at the oppo
site corner of Washing-ton street and
Koss alley.
Shortly before 3 o'clock yesterday
morning Lin Doon. a member of the Suey
Dun tong. met Charles P. Schultz, one of
Mrwee's patrolman, in Chinatown— at Du
pont and "Washington streets — ar.d point
ing to Yee Foo said: "Him kill a man."
Tee Foo immediately took to his heels
end Schultz started in pursuit. He called
upon Yee Foo to stop, but the Chinese
kept on runnlr.s and Schultz fired a shot
over his head to intimidate him. It had
no clTect- Yee Foo turned into Commer
cial street and Schultz fired another shot.
Policeman J. F. Welch was standing on
the corner of Commercial and Kcarny
etrets, and, hearing the shots, ran up
Commercial street aad met Yee Foo.
Welch drew his revolver and covering
Yee Foo. ordered him to throw up his
hands. Yee Foo rut his hand under his
blouse and pulled out a big Coifs revol
ver, but before he cculd use it William
Echwark, a teamfter employed by McNab
& Smitii. gTabbed hold of his hand and
•wrenched the weapon from him. It was
loaded in every chamber.
It might be supposed that euch places,
through the indifference of the municipal au
thorities or through the corruption of politics,
might for a time be tolerated, but It is an
unheard of thing that any city by the vote
of its citizens should determine to keep up
euch resorts, and I cannot believe that the
citizens of San Francisco will do so.
In Eureka. Cal.. out of 18CO voters 2J>9 votes
defeated the bond election for schools because
only 201 votes in favor and 1300 favorable
voters deemed it unnecessary to vote.
Let every man vote before he goea to work
on Tuesday anil make sure of a new, pro
gressive San Francisco.
THE CIVIC FEDERATION OF SAX FRAN
CISCO.
M. J. Keller. Retail Merchant*' Associa
tion president; Naph. B.«Green»f elder, chair
man general council; N. Schlessinger. chair
man erecuti\ r e committee. Vice presidents and
E-eneral council — P. H. McCarthy. Building;
Trades Council; George R. Benham. Labor
Bureau; C. J Haars. Good Government Club;
A. C. Caldwell. Oceanslde Club; Charles Al
pers. Hayes Valley Club: George Renner,
I>raymen'B Association; Charles A. Swlgert,
Presidio Club; L. A. Rea, North Beach Club,
and fifty more Civic Club officials.
Father Henry Wyxnan Is In favor of the
bends. He says:
All of the propositions are rapidly (raining
adherents and there is a disposition on the
part of those who have recently opposed the
Issues of some of the bonds to drop the
whole question and not vote against any of
them. At present, the St. Mary's Square
proposition is becoming the most popular and
this Is chiefly through the influence of the
Catholic clergy of the city.
They have publlcally announced that it is
their opinion thai if the St. Mary's Square
proposition should be defeated, it would be in
the eyes of the country and the world a pub
lic Indorsement by the citizens of San Fran
cisco of the vile resorts which have so long
infested Dupont street.
Remeber the Political Code accords two
hours to every voter to cast his ballot at
every general election.
We need every vote to make sure of two
thirds majority, as every one against the
propositions is sure to vote, and we may be
defeated If we rest satisfied that the issues
will b« carried.
Victory 1b ours if we but eras? it.
The Civic Federation issues this note of
warning to all voters:
CIVIC FEDERATION.
Twelve propositions for the Issue of
bonds will be voted upon by the electors
of San Francisco to-morrow. The Civic
Federation, Merchants' Exchange and tho
Improvement clubs of the city are endeav
oring to impress upon the voters the ur
gent necessity of going to the polls.
The Brotherhood of Teamsters recently
adopted tho following resolution:
Resolved. By the Brotherhood of Teamsters
la rerular meeting: assembled, that the
propositions for the issuance of bonds receive
the unqualified support of this organization to
make the city of San Franciaco the most
healthful and attractive city In the world.
BONT> ELECTION.
It is common gossip in the Democratic
camp that Franklin K. Lane will not ac
cept the nomination for Mayor If the con
vention falls to make his nomination
unanimous. The minority delegates de
clare that they will not vote for Lane If
McNab refuses to accept the ultimatum
of the "Horses and Carts." Politicians
predict that the leader of the majority
will come to terms in order to place Lane
in the field as the unanimous choice of
the Democratic convention. The minority
chieftains are elated over the prospect of
McNab's surrender. The convention will
meet to-night at the Alhambra Theater.
It now rests with Gavin McXab to say
•whether there shall b« peace or war in
the Democratic convention. The leaders
of the "Horse and Cart" faction of the
party have submitted their ultimatum to
Mr. McNab, and he must render his de
cision as early as 7 o'clock this evening.
The minority delegates demand the right
to name the County Clerk and to possess
all the patronage of the office in the event
of the election of their candidate. It is
not stipulated, however, that A. W. Wehe
shaJl be named as the candidate for Clerk.
It Is demanded further that the new
County Committee or governing body of
the party shall be selected by Assembly
district delegations on the basis, so far
as representation goes, of one member for
each 100 votes cast for Lane at the last
gubernatorial election, and one member
for each majority fraction of 100 votes.
The third and most important demand is
that the minority shall name four Super
visors without referring the names to the
majority.
British Consul General Courteney "W.
Bennett has not yet decided whether he
will hold an investieation here on the
wrecking of the Gifford. Such investiga
tions are usually held In London by the
British Board of Trade unless a request
to the contrary is received from that body.
In the event of the crew of the Gifford
being forwarded to the port they shipped
from, tho investigation will not be held
here.
The officers and apprentices of the Gif
ford will remain on the beach to guard
the vessel. They have a good stock of
the ship's supplies and fresh provisions
were taken to them yesterday. They
have rigged up a temporary home of sails
and seem to be aulte comforteble.
Captain Michle of the Gifford and his
men were indignant yesterday at the ex
aggerated reports published that a mu
tiny had taken' place when the vessel
ran ashore. The refusal of one sailor to
obey the orders of the captain was mag
nified Into a wholesale mutiny. Captain
Michle Bays that his crew behaved with
strict obedience and promptness, and the
majority of the sailors speak In the high
est terms of their skiDoer.
GUARDING THE SHIP.
The crew of the Gifford, which spent
Saturday night on the beach, was taken
to the Southslde Life-Saving Station yes
terday afternoon. The crew was not al
lowed to enter ..ne city until the men had
been inspected by the Federal Quaran
tine officer. This morning the sailors will
be taken to the Sailors' Home to await
Instructions from the owners in Glasgow,
Scotland as to their ultimate disposi
tion.
A crowd of sightseers visited the wreck
yesterday. Many proceeded by team to
Mussel Rock, while others walked to the
spot where the Gifford is lying, proceeding
from Colma over the hills or along the
beach from the terminus of the electric
car line.
Tugs will be attached to heavy hawsers
fastened to the vessel and they will set to
work at high tide. The water in the Gif
ford will be pumped out at low tide and
the rents in her plates will be patched up.
As the Gifford Is valued at $90,000 and is
insured It will pay the Insurance com
panies to try to save her from destruc
tion.
The 3600 tons of coal in the hold of the
Gifford will be thrown overboard In order
to lighten the vessel. Calculations made
yesterday as to the cost of lightering
the coal showed that it would not pay to
try to save the cargo. The value of the
coal Is estimated at $18,000.
When the Gifford is relieved of her
cargo, which will probably be in five or
six days, the attempt will be made to
pull her off the beach.
COAL GOES OVERBOAKD.
A possibility still exists that the British
bark Gifford, which went ashore at Mus
sel Rock last Friday night, may be pulled
off from the spot where she is now lying:.
Yesterday the wrecked vessel was care
fully inspected by Captain John Metcalfe,
the local surveyor for Lloyds, which fa
mous organization represents the Insur
ance companies in which the Gifford is
Insured.
Captain David Michle of the Gifford
and some of his officers were also pres
ent at the examination of the vessel. It
was found that the bark had made ten
feet of water in the thirty hours she had
been ashore, but this dm not dissipate
the hope of saving her.
Captain Metcalfe will personally super
intend the work of trying to save the Gif
ford. Contracts will be entered into this
morning with a firm of wreckers and
other persons whose assistance will be
required in the attempt to get the Gif
ford off Mussel Rock.
Tha first work to be done will be to
fasten anchors to the bark In order to
prevent her from drifting farther inshore
and from pounding on the rocky bottom
on whlcn she rests.
Is Overpowed and Booked
at City Prison fcr
Murder.
Civic Federation Asks Voters
to Attend the Bond
Election.
Yee Foo, Alias Yee Ling,
Draws Revolver on
Policeman.
Powerful Tug3 Will Try to
Drag Wreck From the
Bocks.
Cargo to Be Jettisoned
i to Lighten the
Vessel.
Gavin McNab Must Re
ply Before Seven
O'Clock To-Night.
BULLETS SPEED
AFTER CHINESE
MINORITY GIVES
ITS ULTIMATUM
BARK GIFFORD
MAY BE SAVED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, 31ONDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 1903.
Two of the Order Wha Will Have Charge of Mendocino
Coast Open Course of Services and Instruction for Men
and Women, \o Be Continued for Coming Two Weeks
CAPUCHIN FATHERS BEGIN
A MISSION IN ST. PAUL'S
10
GOLDBERG
BdWEN
Jk CO
CatSUp — Tomato reg'ly 20c bot l S c
G. B, & Co— none better
Candy — reg'lyasclb 15c
Peanut — molasses — Oh! so good
Nail brush — Kent reg'iysoc 35c
Extra value— secure two or three
Soap dish — reg'Iy$i 35 $1 OO
Nickeled brass — malleable— adjust
over rim of bath tub
Talcum powder— 2 for 25c
Colgate — purified antiseptic
reg'ly 15c a box
Toilet SOap — Colgate 2OC
Rosadora~Viodora--reg > ly 25c box 3 cks
Listerine — Don't be without it 65c
Liquor department
Burgundy — ML Vineyard 65c
Dilute one third — reg'ly $1 00 gallon
Sweet wines — imported 75c
Port — sherry — Madeira $3 OO
reg'ly $1 00 a bot— $4 00 a gal
Whisky — Old Mellow Rye 75c
Good reliable — reg'ly $1 00 bot
$4 ooa gallon $3 OO
Ginger ale — Belfast $i 35
Cochrar.'- & Co— reg'ly f r 50 a doz
Sarsaparilla — Soda $1 50
Rich— sparkling— Schweppc's
reg'ly $1 65 a doz
Gin — Old Tom-dry-D. C. L. 9OC
reg'ly $1 00 a bottle
432 PINE 232 SUTTER
2800 California San Francisco
13th and Clay Streets Oakland
t Supplies Proper f*R>
, ...GLASSES... / aJL
SCHOOL fc*|
CHILDREN 7 J
At Moderate Prices..
HIGH GRADE JOLD WATCH
On *asy payments. $2 down. $1 per week.
Standard movements. Fully sruaranteed.
POSSESSIOM GIVEN IMMEDIATELY.
FRANKLIN WATCH CO.,
137 MONTGOMERY ST.. room 12.
iWEESLY CALI* §1 PEB YEAR.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Buy Groceries, p$jAra|lCl^Tr s P 9Cial Sale, i
| There Will Be Some lively Grocery Selling I
I Here, Commencing To-Day. 1
$ This is always a busy store because we sell groceries at retail at \
ft about the price most dealers pay at wholesale, buying carload after car- \
O load of groceries daily and selling- the enormous quantities wo sell en- <
O. able us to buy and sell groceries of all binds at prices that fill our biff i
§ store daily with buyers from all parts of the city and country, and |
commencing 1 to-day we offer some unusual bargains you cm£ht to take ad- i
n vantage of. We deliver to all parts of the city and suburbs, includ- }
o ing Oakland, Alameda, Eaasallto, San Rafael, Vallejo, San Quentin and all <
\u25a0fJ, other towns within 100 miles of San Francisco. If you cannot come to "t
P: our, store mail or telephone South 894. ; J
M 1C0O sacks Spreckels Cane Sugar on orders, 20 lbs Sl.OO {
2 1000 boxes finest Burbank Potatoes, per box ........... . v • <
8 1600 eacks finest and best Flour. 60 lbs. H1.1O: 100 lbs. *.'.".'.*".'.".".'.'.'.'.'.'."*a.l.% i
Q 73 chests Oolong, Japan, English Breakfast, Gunpowder, 80c teas lb' BOc' "s'ibs "l«i: I
X 1000 cans finest Mocha and Java Coffee. that Is imported, 4-lb can ' -75c I
8 * (The Coffee Growers' Plantation Color.y of Java making this price to introduce It) I
8 Solid car 45 barrels Old Kentucky Whiskey, . gal Sl.(ir» I
8 (This price Is made by the distillery company to Introduce this crade' of Woods ) •
8 2800 lbs Eastern Picnic Hams, Ions as they .last, ,1b lie I
Q 1040 5-lb cans Pure Leaf Lard, per can ". •••--•-•••-•-•-•-\u25a0••• <
8 38 200-lb drums Kona Coffee, regr. 25c, 4 lbs ! !!'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.5Oc J
8 20 bars Toilet Soap................. Ioc $125bot. Vermouth.. .........50c \
S Best Baklne Powder, lb can 2.»c POc bot. Cherries 3Oc i
8 $1 25 Lemon or Vanilla Extracts... 65c . Fine Creamery Butte'r"sa *** 4Oc *
8 40c Lenton or Vanilla Extracts J«o Large fresh Ranch Em doz"! 3Oc j
» 7 packages Cleaned Currants ..BOc . B lbs Flaky Rice 5 lbs 25c
55 SOO 6O-lb eks Table Salt : .55o 7 lbs 15c Rice finest SOc }
Yl 11 sks Sal Soda. 17 lbs ...25c • 7 lbs Tapioca or Sago" "" 25c i
<$ i 3 Z la T??7 l % n lbs - •••••£:£ Macaroni, Spaghetti or" Vermicelli'.'
M 7 ska Dried Peaches, i lbs , box "Oc i
8 4 eka Shelled Popcorn, 3 lbs... 25c '3 cans Mountain Peas •»•*€•
8 Lb pke Dunham's Cocoanut :....25c 4 cans 2Oc finest Peaches' 4"!o i
8 AH Canned Creams, dozen »5c 4 cans 20c finest Pears ' 4%c
ft 2 bot. Marshall's Worcester Sauce... 25c. 6 cans Baltimore OystersV.V.";: 45c
« 3 35c Jars Boyle's Mustard ....IKSc 13 bars Laundry Soar/ 25e *
S 40c bottle Salad^OIl. bot.... ..15c. Gold Dust, Falrbank'fl"nkV""""i"TUo 1
8 Finest Red Salmon. 4 cans. 35c . c lbs" Navy! Bayo or Red Beans' ' " IWc
K Marshall's Sardines, reg. 20c. 2 cans. 25c ,7 lbs Pink Beans a5c 5
8. 3 cans Imported Sardines... 25c $1 00 bottle College" ciubWhis'key"5Oc 3
CD a cans Domestic Sardines 25c , $1 bottle Silver Crescent Whlskev KOn
8 3 large cans Mustard Sardines. ... ..2Oc ; $1 2 5 bottle McBwer WWskly WjZ
8 7 cans Deviled Ham 25c $1 25 bottll Old Crow Wh skey'. '. '. "«Oc
8 7 can* Potted Ham 25c 51 2 5 bottle O PS Whlskev «Oc
8 15c package Llllie Salt, pkg 5c 35c bot Port or Sherry^ "<te
8 3 Be sks Salt lOc 25c bot. Claret 15c
» 30c Kippered Herring, can... 2Oc $1 50 reg Port' or' SheVrv" WaV Tic
« 20c cans finest Sweet Peas, 2 for. . . .2T»c 75c reg. Clarel now ga7' 4Oc
8 740 35c bot. Chow Chow 25c $5 00 Maryland WhUkfviii iii r~.
« 9 lbs Rolled Oats 25c $1 00 Imported Gin bot KOo
8 10 lb« Rolled Wheat 25c $1 00 bot Brandy ' bot ' " " " " " "Roc
§ >n M bot. Malt .Whiskey BOc $1 qq bot ; Ru^%t^.\\\V.V.".V.V:ooS
I 1049 Market Street Between Sixth and Seventh, •
o OPP- Jones \u25a0 or McAllister or - Hlbernla, Bank. j
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Important
Announcement
To-moppow (Mondag) we will
place on sale SEVEN CASES FINE
WHITE CALIFORNIA BLANKETS,
size suitable for three-parter Ms.
Price $3,00 =
We will also offer 200 pairs
EXTRA SIZE White Golden Gate
" at $5.00 a
,,..Good Value for $7.50..,.
Elegant assortment of new Curtains,
Bed Spreads, Portieres and Batten-
berg Tidies,
ill, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IAre Used and endorsed by 1
the following |
, SCHOOLS AND CONVENTS : f
d Sacred Heart Presentation Con- 1
n vent. «
p Holy Name t jj
n St. Vincent's i
H Doroirican Convent ft
jj Dominican Convent ( San Rafael) 'A
Sj St. Gertrude's Academy *J
C St. Agnes' Church |
pj Sacred Heart Church jj
fl St. Teresa's Church |
I St. Rose's Academy |
fl St Mary's Convent School jj
i ; • Convent of Holy Cross (Fresno) a
L and many others fl
I BEIIJ. GURTAZ & SON I
tj 16 O'FARRELL ST. |
jj Braijche»— Sao Jose, Fresno. fi\ a- |
tl rr.eda, Pclo Alto. a
P^FANTS^^INVALID^^
Small babies quickly grow to
large babies when fed on Mel-
lin's Food. Mellin's Food
. furnishes material for growth.
A sample of Mellin's Food costs you nothing
. but the taking. Will you not then ask for
it for your baby's Eake ?
MBLLIN'S FOOD CO- BOSTON. MASS.
S IS THE MARK OF M
If j CLUETT, PEABODY & CO. l|l
RADWAY'S READY RELIEF ha* stood
unrivaled before iht public for £0 years aa a
1'ain KenMwly. It Instantly relieves and quickly
cure* all Cclde. Bore Throats, InSuenza. Bron-
chlt'* Pneumonia, RheumaUsm. Neuralgia.
H^^iche. Toothache and all pain. Internally
f osd&larU and all Bowel Pains. All druggists. ,
BOWEN
Gd La Oo
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Special
Butter — Table reg'ly 50c sq 45C
Bacon — Ferris 22C
Finest made— reg'ly 24c lb and worth it
Chutney — Bombay- v ' n t gOC
Raslamjee Bhickajee — made In
India— reg'ly 40c— 60c 5 OC
Piquant meal relish
Coffee — Guatemala 20c
Excellent for the money— reg'ly 25c Ib
Maple Syrup — Hazeris 65C
Just the pure maple sap— reg'ly
75c }i gallon can •
Pineapple — Florida 2 cans 25c
Grated— cocktail— delicious— natural
Tea — Mandarin — Nectar 45C
Blend or uncolored Teas— reg'ly 60 lb
MoIaSSeS— New Orleans 55C
For taffy pull— ginger bread— regl'y
75c gallon can
CoCOa — Bakers— xtgYy 25c can 2OC
Rich— but wholesome
Bovri 1— Fluid Beef Extract
Strengthens vital ity-a oz regl'y 35c 3<X
4 oz reg'ly 65c 55C
Macedoine — reg'lyzoccan I^C
French vegetables— extra fine
Breakfast mush — aibpkg ioc
University-oats-wheat-dean— sweet
Wine vinegar— G. B. & Co 20c
No acids— reg'ly 25c a bottle
Puree de foies gras:. 20c
Goosellver paste — Teyssdnneau
reg'ly 25c a can
For Sores. Burns, Scalds, /
Ulcers, Ringworm, Tetter, >W t/'M m
Erysipelas, Scald Head, S */ 3 H
Itch, rimples. Motehes, X. I H
Inflamed Eyelids, Itch- >c>k. cs*~i H
Ing PUes, and all 8kln jf\ >. J>V I H
Eruptions— nso JF \ %. Si I H
HEISKELL'S 1
Ointment I
They all yield to its magical lnflwwe. Bathe I
the affected part, tuiiu llntttll't Soap, night I.
and morning, apply Ileiskell's Ointment, and ft
care follows in a few days. A t»ll druggists 50c H
Send for free bock of testimonials. tfj
JOHNSTON, HOLLOWAY A. CO. fl
581 Cqmmcrrc St., Philadelphia. JEJ
ESEEEHMMBRAto