The raotlv© for. the crime* is involved in
mystery. The authorities appear to be
satisfied that Kuhnle waa not killed for
the money he had In his pocket when he
was rfdlng to his home with his wife. It
is true that his purse was taken from
him, but the Sheriff is inclined to be
lieve that this was done merely for the
MYSTERY OF MOTIVE.
Constables are searching the hills in
every direction. The Sheriff and his as
sistants are directing: the vigorous man
hunt and there seems no possible chance
that the murderer can very long eludo
his • numerous pursuers. It is reported
that bloodhounds, may be used to track
the fugitive If they can be obtained la
time.
The men now in chase of the manslayer
are Sheriff Ivins of San Lois Oblspo
County, Deputy Sheriff McFadd«n, Con-
Stable Gano of Paso Robles and Marshal
Pierce of Paso Robles. When the news
of the murder reached San Luis Oblspo
the Sheriff hurried to the scene with hia
deputy. He made a careful investigation
of everything connected with the mysteri
ous crime and then set out in the direction
of a point where, according to reports, he
entertained a hope of Intercepting tho
assassin.
last night has aroused tho
populace to a pitch of excitement and
the authorities to a degree of activity
scarcely ever paralleled In San Luis
Obis po County.
IT Vi ASO ROBIjES - SePt- 13.— The
U Wi assassination of Charles P.
a _£" Kuhnle, a wealthy - German
M fanner, on the road about
seven miles from this town
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Motive More
Than Mere
Robbery.
County Astir
Over Night
Tragedy.
Deep Mystery
Envelops
Crime.
PURSUERS SEARCHING PASO ROBLES HILLS
WHERE FARMER'S ASSASSIN MAY BE HIDING
WEALTHY FARMER IN SAN LUIS OBISPO COUNTY WHO WAS THE VICTIM OF AN ASSASSIN WHILE DRIV
ING'HOME AT NIGHT WrTHTIIS WIFE "AND HIS CHILDREN, AND AVIEW OF THE SPOT WHERE THE
MYSTERIOUS STRANGER HELD UP THE VEHICLE. . '
PARIS. Sept. 13.— On the occasion of the
unveiling: of a memorial to Ernest Renan,
the historian, at his native town of Tre
guier, Brittany, to-day, some demonstra
tions were made against Premier Combes
in the villages through wnich his car
riage passed on the way to Tregulr from
Portreaux. Shouts of "A bas Combes!"
and "Vive la Llberte!" were raised by
the peasants- At the ceremony, at which
cpeeches were delivered bv Anatole
France and . others. Premier Combes, in
expressing his thanks for the excellent
reception given him at the function said:
"I heard a few hisses. Let m« compare
them to the melodies played on the flute
behind the conqueror's chariot Jn olden
times to remind them that, raised by the
people, they must govern by the people."
During the delivery of the speeches the
antagonists of Premier Combes because so
threatening, trying to force the barrier
and shouting denunciations of the Mayor
of Tregulr, that the police -and authori
ties being unable to restore order, a de
tachment of troops whs ordered out.- The
soldiers forced the hostile crowd back and
restored quiet.
PEASANTS WELL ORGANIZED.
The Premier was accompanied by Sena
tor Chaumie. Minister of Public Instruc
tion, who delivered a eulogy of Renan,
many Republican Deputies for Brittany
and other personages. The memorial took
the form of a ,bronze statue representing
t Renan seated, in a. characteristic- attitude.
"while behind stands a golden figure of
Minerva holding- up a sprigr of laurel.
Among the decorations around the statue
were ornamental mottoes Inscribed "Vive
Renan," "Long live free thought," etc.,
which particularly incensed the Catholics.
The latter arranged for an expiatory ser
vice in Treguier Cathedral to take place
at the same hour as the unveiling of the
statue, with the participation of Abbe
Gayraud and other Clerical Deputies.
The Clerical party had thoroughly or
ganized its demonstration and the peas
ants from the surrounding villages as
sembled at Treguier, armed with cudgels
and accompanied by their women folk,
clad in the picturesque costumes of Brit
tany. Seme of the bands were headed by
the parish priests. The Republican vil
lagers also gathered at Treguier and along
the route taken by the Premier, and the
two hostile parties raised cries and coun
ter cries. During the ceremony of the
unveiling the Clericals did their best to
drown the voices of the speakers with
shouts of "Down with Renan." "Down
with Combes," etc., to which the Repub
licans replied with equally noisy vocifera
tions.
TROOPS PREVENT A CLASH.
The presence of a strong force of troops
prevented a free fight between the rival
factions.
Another demonstration and counter
demonstration took place when Premier
Combes visited the house in which Renan
was born, and during the disorder Baron
ess Kerpodson was hustled by the crowd.
An anti-Clerical who drew his revolver
was arrested and the husband of the Bar
oness was roughly handled.
A bancuet of 2000 "Blues," as the Re
publicans are called in Brittany, followed
the unveiling exercises, at which Premier
Combes, in the course of a long speech,
predicted that the time was not distant
when the peasants of Brittany would
j-hakt: off the yoke of the clergy. He de
fended the policy of the Government, say
ing he had only to repeat the history of
the last few months in order to demon
strate that the clergy had persistently
violated the law, supported the un
authorized congregations In their rebellion
against thn civil authorities and stirred
up the population to a religious war.
Snow in Yellowstone Park.
YELLOWSTONE PARK, Wyo., Sept 13.
—Six inches of snow on the level has
fallen throughout Yellowstone Park dur
ing the last forty-eight hours.
"An unofficial communication will be
made to the powers along these lines, and
forthwith the necessary measures will be
taken, and countermanded only If the
powers immediately intervene. This is
Bulgaria's last word. The moral responsi
bility will fall upon Christian Europe,
even if the material consequences have to
be endured by Bulgaria."
A dispatch from Constantinople to the
Stanuaru says large forces are being col
lected to the north and northwest of Con
stantinople, where, in the event of war,
the first fighting Is expected to occur, and
although allusions to any plan of cam
pa ipm is strictly censured, it may be as-
Fumed that German advice during recent
years has not left . Turkey unprepared.
From Vienna comes the semi-official
Etatement that Austria has again pro
posed to the powers to admonish Bul
garia, but that so far nothlr.j has come
of the proposition. The Ncusc Pester
Journal, often well informed, accuses
Russia of openly assisting the Macedon
ian revolutionists, even sending them
arms, her object being ..gradually to ex
clude Austria form influence In Balkan af
fairs. The paper even alleges that the
Austrian Government has asked Count
Lamsdorff. the Russian Foreign Minister,
to explain this ambiguous dealing, f -
The Morning PoSt 'correspondent, who Is
"Bulgaria has displayed " unexampled
moderation. Her last urgent request to
the powers was that they should compel
Turkey to suppress the rising by legiti
mate methods of warfare, but to spare
women and children from Indignities and
massacre.
"But even this Christian Europe has re
fused, and now Prince Ferdinand's gov
ernment, having carefully considered the
question and being aware of the disas
trous consequences with which the pow
ers threaten Bulgaria if she intervenes,
has decided that she can no longer neglect
her sacred duty to prevent the Christian
people being done to death. In a couple
of days more the die will be cast and Bul
garia will do her duty.
LONDON, Sept. U.— Rumor, from Vien
ra and elsewhere, Is very busy this morn.
Ing regarding the Balkan crisis, and while
it is impossible to confirm the more sen
sational statements there .is an accumu
lation of evidence that some violent solu
tion cannot long be delayed.
The Sotla correspondent of the Daily
Telegraph sends under Sunday's date an
other dispatch warmly defending Bulga
ria's patient and Quixotic attitude of
loyalty toward tho Porte and the powers
and denouncing Europe's Indifference to
the wiping out of a large Christian com
munity. He says:
Bulgaria May Have S«rvia's Aid in
Fighting Turkey. •
«.
WAS WILL BE DECLARED.
SOFIA. Sept. 13.— The Albanian and
tttxrkisn troops in the vilayet of Adriano
ple appear to be pursuing their usual tac
tics of burning and plundering the vil
lages and killing .the peasants, instead of
pairing an attempt to break up the in
eurg«it bands. Very little news Is filter-
Ing through from. Monastir. but all re
ports agree that the position of the
Christians Is desperate. The Turks are
Baking a clean sweep of the whole Bul
garian element.
The Albanian soldiers In the vilayet of
ACrlaaopJ* are said to be entirely beyond
controL At Kostursco liie Influential
beys complained to tho officers of the ex
eessem committed by the troops. The of
ficers resented the criticism and told the
soldiers that the beys were friends of the
revolutionaries, whereupon the soldiers
burned the beyn* farms.
The Turks have burned the villages of
Alm&glk and Orikler. In the district of
Losengrad. They beheaded twenty-two
Bulgarians at Almaglk In the presence of
t^eir families.
Twelve thousand troops are assembled
around Malkotonovi and are engaged In
pillaging and burning the villages. The
population everywhere Is fleeing to the
forests and mountains. All the Turkish
population in the district of Loser.grad
plundered the villages en route, robbed
the churches and burned the village j of
Kcrakej.
Another body of Albanians going to
Vaslllko, on the Black Sea, was attacked
by a Uand ' and *C reported' to have suf
fered a loss of 100 men.
A band led by the insurgent chief
Atamsoff was surrounded by Turkish
troops at Kokusho. After six hours'
fighting the Insurgents cut their way
through the soldiers by throwing bombs.
The Turks lost twenty men.
The final arrangements for a revolu
tionary outbreak in Eastern Macedonia
have been completed, but for some inex
plicable reason the rising hang's flre.
The whole district is divided into six
sections, the insurgents being under the
following leaders: General Zontcheff,
Colonel Yankoff, Captain Jordan Stoya
r.ofl" and Lieutenants Stoyantcheff, Dar
vingoff and AtamsoJt.
Head of Ministry in His Ad
dress Bitterly Assails
the Clergy.
Sultan's Bulldogs Seem Bent
Upon Exterminating the
.. Bulgarian Element. \
Demonstration at Un
veiling of Renan
Memorial.
Entire Christian Popu
lation of Monastir
May Perish.
Fiendish Soldiers
Are Beyond All
Control.
French Peasants
Show a Dislike
for Combes.
ALBANIANS
USE SWORD
AND TORCH
TROOPS OUT
TO PROTECT
A PREMIER
J OMDON, Sept. 14.—
*~* Jin unconfirmed
rumor is current that
a transport carrying a
British regiment to In*
dia foundered in a gale
which swept the British
coast last Thursday.
TRANSPORTS
LOSS W GJiLE
IS RUMORED
INDIANAPOLIS. Ind.. Sept:. 13.— A tor-
Dedo-fhaDC(i. airship about • \ thirty • feet
Several Hundred
Sober Citizens
as Vouchers. ¦
NEWBERG, N. C, Sept. 13.— V. C. Sim
mons, father of United States Senator F.
M. Simmons, was killed yesterday on his
plantation a "few miles from Pottersville,
Jones County. He had been massing since
yesterday morning. Simmons had been
shot several times with a shortgun.
Bruises about the head indicated that he
had been clubbed also. A negro named
Daniels has been arrested.
Pather of United States Senator Sim
mons Meets Violent Death in
North Carolina.
BODY OE MURDERED MAN
IS FOUND ON PiLANTATION
,, PORT OF. SPAIN, Island, of Trinidad,
Sept. 13.— British Government officials who
have returned- here from Caracas report
that* 'the*; Venezuelan 'Government has re
fused to now. pay its share, of the, fees of
the . foreign umpires in ; the matter of the
claims -against -Venezuela, amounting to
$5000 and', their 'expenses.- The conduct of
President Castro in such circumstances is
inexplicable. ' It is understood that several
of 'the foreign umpires have referred the
matter; to ' their ; governments. jSuggesting
that" Washington should Interfere as, be-,
their view, morally responsible : for
the Venezuelan Government. ;
H WILLEMSTAD, ,, Island , of Curacao,
Sept. 1Z.— From every section of Venezuela
troops were sent : last week in thedirec-
INDIANAPOLIS
SEES AIRSHIP
COURSING SKY
Castro's Quest Ex
tends in Many
Directions.
ing is known of' it here. ; . . *
EdgarA: Perkins,, president of the State
Federation of Labor,; who lives in Irving
ton, a suburb ' of •Indianapolis,* says he
watched the machine for ten ' or j fifteen
minutes and that- it appeared to the eye
to be twenty or thirty feet long; that it
made a half . circle c over,, Irvington and
then went east , in a straight . line. He
says' he distinctly saw two figures, one of
them a man. with a' iiark hat; on,' .who
sat in the center 1 : of- the car under a can
opy^ and was apparently working the ma
chinery. . . ~, '
James' Agriew, ;a resident of Irvington, :
gives the same Informafcon. Inquiries of
a.- dozen towns east' of "Indianapolis .have
failed to • find r any < person who saw the
machine. • - ; ..
- .Except- by those who claim , to have
seen the machine the subject has not been
taken seriously..'
long and containing two men passed over
thiB ; city this afternoon^ It came from
the northwest,' circled 'over the southern
part of thecity at a height of 700, feet
and disappeared^' in an easterly direction.
Several hundred persons watched . it,
many of them- with field glasses. Noth-
VENEZUELA
IN SEARCH
OF TROUBLE
The people here are very much excited
over the assassination and axe convinced
that It was not the work of the common
place road agent. Threats to lynch the
assassin if he be captured are being made
by some Indignant citlzeaa.
"Then my husband got out of the bug
gy," she said, "and the stranger told him
to walk to. the rear. lie didn't obey, but
tried to make his way to the front. Soon
I heard a shot, and then two more."
Mrs. Kuhnle said to-night that when the
assassin stepped out of the brush and
ordered her husband to alight from the
buggy his voice was husky and his enun
ciation so indistinct that she thought tho
command was addressed to her. She
started to leave the vehicle, but was told
by the desperado that the man. and not
the woman, was the person wanted.
Shortly before 12 o'clock to-night Sheriff
Ivlns reported that a number of valuable
clews had been found, but that the as
sassin had not yet been located. One of
the members of the posse Is on the way
back to town from the mountains, and
it is hoped that he may bring with him
news of the capture or the surrounding:
of the? murderer.
It is believed here that some former
employe on the Kuhnle property who had
been discharged allowed his resentment to
get the better of his reason and satisfied
his desire for revenge by playing success
fully the role of the midnight assassin.
This, however, is not much more than
conjecture, but in the light of distress
ingly inadequate developments it serves
the purpose of the hour.
purpose of disconcerting the authorities
as to the nature of the assassin's real
motive. According to Mrs. Kuhnle's
statement the conduct of the assassin
w~.s not that which might be expected
from a bandit intent solely on robbery.
Uon of the Colombian frontier and toward
Maracaibo. Mauser rifles, artillery and
ammunition in great quantities have been
stored at Maracaibo and seven new
bridges have been built near San Cristo
bal, near the frontier of Colombia, to al
low of the- rapid concentration of troops.
President Castro has asked the President
of each Sta,te In Venezuela to send two
battalions withlh two weeks.
A leading Venezuelan citizen, who Is
now here,' in an interview regarding these
military movements In Venezuela, said he
believed these were only precautionary
measures regarding Colombia, which, now
the country Is free from revolution, has
reinforced recently its army on the Ven
ezuelan frontier near Cucuta. Other Ven
ezuelans say a Venezuelan war with Co
lombia is inevitable in the near future,
as a consequence of the sympathy Presi
dent Castro extended to the Colombian
rebels during the recent rebellion, and also
because of the question of navigation on
the " Orinoco. ' President Castro's great
idea, they say, is a war with Colombia.
Continued on Page 3, Column 3.
SAN FBANCISCO, MONDAY; • 14, 1903.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCIV— NO. 106.
The San Francisco Call.CALL CARTOONIST'S IMPRESSIONS OF SOME OF THE THINGS THAT ARE LIKELY TO HAPPEN WHEN
THE ORDINARY CITIZEN WILL BE FORCED TO BOYCOTT THE BARBER SHOPS AND DO HIS OWN TON
SORIAL WORK AT HOME.
stones will be whizzinsr as the unfortu
nate mortal gets ready for the fray.'
Thif housewife will get into training with
the shears and the saucepan, so that she
will be capable d givlne her lord and
master a trimming when his wool gets
too long. Meanwhile the unspeakable bar
ber will have to take hia chances with
magnates and the millionaires, and if he
happens to ">ro broke" for want of the
common people's trade he will have to
hunt a new town.
Economical Working the Purpose.
LIVERPOOL, Sept. 13.— It appears that
there is n5 foundation for the rumor that
the White Star line will soon cease to be
a part, of the International Mercantile
Marine Company. The absorption of the
White <$tar line by the Dominion line
aims at more economical working of the
two lints. WBUBMBOMKBhal
TOMBSTONE,. Ariz., Sept 13.-Cochise
County officers and Territorial rangers are
In pursuit of Sheriff Denham cf Brown
County, Texas, armed with a warrant for
his arrest on the charge of kidnaping.
Some time ago Joseph Hughes of Bisbee,
Ariz., was arrested under the name of
Joseph Humphreys and charged with hav
ing stolen cattle In Brown County, Texas,
six years ago. Sheriff Dcnharn came af
ter'Hughes armed with requisition papers,
which Governor Brodie honored.
In the meantime Hughes' attorney at
tempted to have his client released on
a writ of habeas corpus. Hugrhes was re
arrested on some other charge under the
Territorial law, but his hearins has not
yet been had. Sheriff Denham started
with his prisoner overland toward the
New Mexico line,
A warrant was issued for the arrest of
Denham on the ground that he secured
the honoring of requisition papers through
a forged telegram to Governor Brodie ad
visitg him that the Territorial case
against Hughes had been settled.
Texas Official Leaves
Arizona Without
Formality.
WIND HURRIES
FOREST FLAMES
Nevada County Fires
Continue to Menace
the Towns.
NEVADA CITY, Sept. 13.-The stiff
breeze vrhich came up yesterday sped the
forest fires to-day and the sky Is clouded
with smoke from flames around this city.
Near King & Wolford's sawmill, on the
other side of You Bet, a big fire is rag
ing and eating Its way in the direction of
Bear Valley. Considerable damage has
been reported and much wood land has
been devastated. The flames were plainly
seen from You Bet last night.
A new blaze started at Fall Creek yes
terday and is burning toward Bowman's
Dam. The wind fanned the flames and
they spread with great rapidity over val
uable timber land. Thera are •. several
miners' cabins in that section, but so far
none has been reported consumed.
The fire which threatened the town of
Washington last week and which burned
down to the edge of town is again burn-
Ing. It was nearly out, but the wind
kindled It anew. Last night it was roar-
Ing toward the Giant King mine. Men
are giving battle to the flre in order to
prevent it destroying buildings.
"Will Welcome Return of Governor.
SAN JUAN, Porto Rico, Sept. 13.-A
popular demonstration Is being organized
in honor of Governor Hunt, who will re
turn here October 4. Some of the Fed
eral leaders refuse to co-operate . In the
affair for political reasons, otherwise the
Indications are that the Governor will re
ceive an exceptionally warm welcome.
RANGERS CHASE
FLEEING SHERIFF
THE time when the ordinary citizen
could look upon the barber as a
common mortal has passed. No
more can the man who earns
his daily bread by the sweat
of his brow order the tonsorlal artist
about and give him the word of com
mand. All these palmy days have now
passed, and from this time on none save
the millionaire cr the man who is there
with an extraordinary pull will have a
chance to lord it over the razor # wielders.
These eentlemen In the immaculate
white coats and the beaming grin have
suddenly risen to a dizzy height. And
why? Because they have added a little
more tariff to their ' fees and thev are
now in the trust class. He is a lucky man
who can now afford to sit in a barber's
chair and enjoy the things that are now
luxuries.
What an edifying sight it will be to
watch the anxious citizen as he quickly
wends his way down the stret and un
consciously looks up as he passes the
place where once it was his luck to drop
in and set a shave. . .
Imagine when you go Into a shop in the"
future how it will feel. You will prob
ably ask for a shave, then if you think
you are strong enough a hair cut might
The colored gentlemen who are wont to
indulge in razor parades at swell hops
won't be the only ones who will be recog
nized in a class by themselves with the
sharp instrument. The common citizen
is sure to have his inning at that little
game now, and every morning the grlnd-
look good. The barber will lord over you
in the meanwhile and perhaps curl your
mustache or use a clean towel on your
face or comb your hair. If he does you
will hr.ve to stand for the raise.
Each of these little things that used to
come natural will now be charged up
against you. 'Twill be bad enough when
you are handed the check for 25 cents for
the shave and 35 more for the hair cut, but
when that barber slips you one amounting
to about 50 cents more for washing your
face, combing your hair and turning the
chair around it will look to be about the
limit and will fix you forever with barber
shops.
The bald-headed man who has worn a
beard all his life will now become a much
envied person. The styles threaten to
change. Oom Paul whiskers and Joaquin
Miller locks will soon be the proper caper.
This mav not sound good to the young
lady who is fortunate enough" to have a
steady admirer, but she will huve to
adapt herself to circumstances and it Is
only a question of time when she will be
come used to this sort of whiskers.
The Southern Pacific excursion to Tosemlte
Valley September 17 goes in \>y Inspiration
Point and out by Glacier Point. One day at
Wawona and the famous grove of Big Trees.
The rate. $48 50. is for five days' trip and in
cludes railroad and sleeping-car fare both ways,
stage fare, hotels, carriage in valley, horses,
guides and all necessary expenses. Personally
conducted. Itinerary at Information Bureau,
613 Market street. ~ > • • .
The Only Route Via Wawona end
Mariposa Big Trees.
THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC
EXCURSION TO Y0SEMITE
NEVADA CITY, Sept. 13.— C. W. Con
stable, an aged patient of the County
Hospital, committed suicide there by
hanging himself to'a treo. Constable had
beei^ missins for four days and his body
was? discovered yesterday.
He was a prosperous miner In early
days and made' plenty . of money manu
facturing hose for hydraulic mining be
fore monitors came Into use. He had been
a sailor and. learned the art of rope mak
ing, which stood him in hand for suicide.
He spent weeks making a rope from
leather straps with which he banged him
self. He had a hallucination that people
wanted to poison him.
Former Prosperous Miner in Nevada
County Hangs Himself to a
Apprentice Selfert died in .the Marine
hospital late to-night. He will be given a
military burial.
Yerke's body will be shipped to Phlla-'
delphla for burial.
¦ ¦ ? t
MAKES LEATHEB ROPE
TO USE FOR SUICIDE
The entire crew of the Olympla wera return
ing aboard after forty-eight hours' ahoro lib
erty. _ when a tive-gallon water breaker full of
alcohol ,wai discovered In th« forward turret.
The executive officer, at once ordered a thor
ough search of the ship and the yard In her
vicinity to find any. other spirits that might
have - been emuggled. As the cruiser Is In
drydock. all her small- boats are 'lined in rows
along the wharf near th« drydock. Between
two of these boats two men were discovered.
One of them escaped In , the- darkness; The
other Was placed under arrest. Where the men
were hiding was found a full barrel of alcohol,
which had been broached. ' It was by- order
carried aboard the Olympla to be emptied into
the alcohol tank on the after deck. This tank
being full, the barrel was carried forward by
Corporal Yerkes, Selfert. Shavey and Caster.
In the meantime the crew was called to quar
ters and every man accounted for.
While the men were in lines answering the
roll the detachment with the barrel J began
pouring its contents into a tank on the port
side of the forward turret. They had scarcely
begun work when, in a manner yet to be ascer
tained, the fumes of. the spirits became ignited
and exploded with terrific ' force. B Both ends
of the barrel wera blown out, followed by a
torrent of burning alcohol that spread in a
flood of flame over the forward deck. Terkes
was struck In the head by a stave from the
barrel and fell into the burning mass. He was
roasted to death. The other three men also
were struck by flying fragments of the barrel,
but were knocked away from tne center 'of the
flre and thus two. of them escaped fatal injury,
but Belfert was horribly burned.
It was at first thought a tank of smokeless
powder had exploded and the crew for a mo
ment broke ranks, but In a second recovered
from the suddenness of the shock and turned
to with a- will to save the injured and extin
guish the flre, which already was gaining head
way on the cruiser's deck. This done, the In
jured men were hurried to the Marine Hospi
tal. ' . .
NORFOLK, Va., Sept 13.-Lieutenant
Commander Van Dezer, executive officer
of the cruiser Olympla, : to-day gave out
an official statement of the facts attend
ing the explosion of a barrel of alcohol
on the. cruiser's deck last night, causing
the deaths of Marine Corporal Terkes of
Philadelphia and* Apprentice Selfert
and the serious Injury . of • Third-
Class Master-at-Arms Caster and Ap
prentice , Shavey, In addition to the
burning: of the cruiser's forward awnings
and awnlnjr supports. The explosion re
sulted Indirectly from the smuRJdinsc of
alcohol into the navy yard by. members
of the cruiser's crew. The statement of
Lieutenant . Commander Van Dezer says:
When Utica was reached Sir Thomas
was in violent pain and a physician was
summoned at once.
I am authorized to say that if the Seawan
! ..I. i Yacht Club extended an invitation to Sir
Thomas to attend the banquet mentioned he
has not received the Invitation. I am sure he
would have felt honored by such an invitation,
an'l yet I know that Sir Thomas would not
!...¦¦ i caused the President the anticipated an
noysnet Fhould the report be true, for he ex
f-ects to be in Chicago on September 18, thi»
dut«» named. Pre?ldc?nt Roosevelt, has always
rxljjJ.ltcd cordial friendliness toward him. ani
Thorns* t>ayn he really cannot Bee why h<!
should take each a Murvi. In fact. Sir Thomas
r»-fUKps to believe the President made the re
quest. _ ¦ , .
It was said to-night that President
Roosevelt had indicated quite clearly his
opinion of and regard for Sir Thomas
Upton by Inviting him to the White
House and subsequently by entertaining
liim on board the cruiser Mayflower.
UTICA. N. Y.. Sept. 13.— Sir . Thomas
Lipton arrived in Utica to-night so ill
that his contemplated Journey to Chi
cago has been temporarily abandoned. On
the arrivai of the train a correspondent
stepped aboard to interview the yachts
man on the alleged snub reported to have
been dealt him by President Roosevelt in
requesting a revocation of the invitation
extended Sir Thomas to banquet with the
Seawanhaka-Corinthians. The illness of
Sir Thomas prevented a personal talk.
but his private secretary. John West
v.ood. consulted the baronet and then
said: » '
*'l am responsible for the Incident," eaid
Ix»ob. "I want to 6ay that in the begin
ning Mr. Colgate Hoyt came over tc see
the President on last Thursday after
noon. - lie went to Sagamore Hill and
while there invited the President to at
tend a dinner of the Ohio Society in New
York this fall. He also invited Mr.
Roosevelt to the banquet of the Seawan
haka Yacht Club, asking the President
to name any date convenient to himself.
The President named the ISth of this
month and Hoyt went away, after assur
ing the President that the banquet was
to be merely a neighborly affair, and
would not be the object of much public
attention. That was the last we heard
of thfe matter until it came out In exag
gerated form in print this morning."
It was rumored to-night that the dinner
might be called off altogether. That could
not be verified, but a member of the club
said that it was being considered.
To-day, at the clubhouse of the Sea
wanhaka Association on Center Island,
President Frank Scott of New Yofk felt
compelled to assume a part of the blame
for the unpleasantness which, has devel
oped. He said that at the New York
Yacht Club a few nights ago he had
asked Sir Thomas Liptcn if he had an
engagement for the ISth inst. Being as
sured that he had not, he requested Sir
Thomas to hold that date open in order
that he might attend the Seawanhaka
dinner. He pointed out that a rule of the
club permitted a member to Invite a
guest to attend the club dinners. His In
vitation to Sir Thomas was extended as
a member and not on behalf of the £lub.
OYSTER BAY. M. T.. Sept. 13.— The re
port that President Roosevelt has ob
jected to the presence of Sir Thomas Lip
ton at a banquet which the President
himself was 10 attend at the Seawanhaka-
Cortnthlan Yacht Club house on Center
Island en September 18 is explained by
the statement to-day that the President,
when he accepted the invitation to the
banquet, did so with this understanding
that It was to be a. mere neighborly af
fair, and that there would be no outside
guests present. It is said, further, that
Mr. Roosevelt had already entertained Sir
Thomas- Lipton at luncheon in Washing
ton and had him on the Mayflower, and
did not, under the circumstances, think it
would be advisable to give the impression
that he was overdoing the matter by ap
pearing at the Yacht Club dinner with
him at Oyster Bay.
Secretary lx>eb went out to see the
President early this afternoon.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Says Mr. Roosevelt Accepted
Dinner Invitation Under
Misapprehension.
Crew Shows Heroism in Ex
- tinguishing the Fire and
Rescuing Injured.
Victims of Cruiser Oly m
pia Disaster Horri
bly Burned.
Slight to Lipton Is Ex
plained* by the Presi
dent's Secretary.
LOEB SHOULDERS
RESPONSIBILITY
BURNING FUMES
ENVELOP SEAMEN
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALIi, MON DAY, SEPTEMBER 14. .1903.
Luxury of a Shave or a Hair Cut From Now On Can
Be Enjoyed by the Man/ of Means Only, as Prices
Are Beyond the Means of the Ordinary Citizen
CITY'S BARBERS RAISE THEIR FEES
AND COMMON MORTALS MUST SUFFER
2
ADVEK.TISEMEHTS.
RAILWAY TEAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave mid »re du« to arriv* »t
SAN riiANCiSCO. .
(Mala Lino. Foot of Market Street > "**
UiTI — F»»M S»PT«MB«a t. ?JQ3. - AK»tT»
7.00* Beoicla, 3uUua, Elmtras.ua 3acr>
mento 7.25f
7.00a VacaTlllo, Winters. Ramsey - 7 25»>
• 7.30* Msrtluez. Saa Ramon. Vallejo,
Kap*. CatUtOfC*. 8«ot» Rom. 825^
7.30a XUes. LlTermore, Latbrop. S:ocK-
:on 7.25i»
8.00a Darts. WoodJand. Knlehts LunJins;,
MarVsTllle. OrovlUe. (connects
at liarYivlUa for Grtdley, Ul^gs
andCtalco) 7.5jp
8 00a AUsntlc Express— OgUenund Emi. 1Q^£a
8.00a Port Costa. Martinez. Antioch. Ey-
ron,Tr»cy.8u>cktoD,8»crainentoi,
Los Bsnos. Mendota, Haor<>rd,
VIsallm Porterrlllo ...: 4 95,
8 OO-i Fort Costa, Uarttnei, Tracy. Lath-
roj>, Modesto, Merced, Fresno,
Oosoen Junction, Hanford. VI-
. sat!*, nakersne'.d .... 5.25p
8.30a Snasta Express — Pavls, wmiams
(for Bartlett Springs). Willow*.
tFruto. Ked BlulT, Portland 7-5SP
8 JOa NUej. San Jose, Livermore. Stock-
ton,lonr,8acr»mento,Placervme,
MarysTtlle. Chico. Red III u it 4,23?
8 SOa Oskd»le. Chinese. Jamestown, 80-
nor*. Tuolumne snd Angels 42Sr
9C0a Martlnes and War Stations. 8 55p
1000a Vallejo.. 12.2Sr
' 10 00a El Paso Passenger. Eastbonnd.—
Pwt Costa, MarUnei, Byron,
Tr*cy, Latnrop. Stockton,
Merced. n»ymond. Fresno, Hsa-
t ford. Visalla, Ilakersfleld, Loa
1 Augeles and El Psso. (WesV
bound arrlTes Tla Coast Line)... «1.30?
' 1000a The Orerland Limited — Vgden.
. iu.i.u De oTer. Omaha, CntoaRO. 8 25?
' H200> Hsyward. Nllesand Way Stations. 3 25p
1 11. 00p Sscrsmento River Steamers f 11. OOr
3.30f Benlela. Winter*. Baeraznento.
Woodland. Williams, Colusa.WU-
lows. Knights Landing-. Marys-
Tllle. OtotTii« snd wajr stations.. 10 55*
3.30P Hayward.NIlesand W»y Stations.. 7-65p t
4 OOr Uartlnez,SanIUmon.Valle]o,Nspa,
Callstoga. EanuRosa ... .J-25*
4-OOp Martinez, Traey.Lathrop.Stocktoa. 10 25a
4 00f Nllea. LlTermore. Stockton. Lodl.. 4.25r
4407 Bayward. Nlles. Irtlngton, Saa I \ 8.55*
Jose. Ltvermortt f til. 55a
6 COr The Owl Limited— Fresno. Tnlare,
Bakersfleld. Los Angeles t 35a
6 OOr Port Costa, Tracy, Stockton, Lo* „_„.
Banos 12-25*
t8 30p Hayward, Nile* and San Jose 725*
8.00P Hayward. Kllei and San Jose 10 25*
6-GOr Oriental Mall — Ottden. Denrer,
Omaha, St. Louis. Chtcaga and .
East. Port Costa, Benlela, Sal-
sun. Elmlra, Davlm Sacramento.
Rocklln. Auburn. Colfax.
Trnckee, Boca, h*ao. Wads*
worth, Wlnnemacca, Battle
Mountain, EIko .... 4 25r
>.. Beno, Trockee. Sacramtnto. D»t1s,
Sulsnn, Benlela, Port CosU 7-ISa
8. OOr Vallejo, dally, except Sunday.... I 7 »,
7.0Or Vallejo. Sunday only f «•»«¦
7.00* Saa Pablo. Port CosU, Martins*
and Way Buttons 11 21*
808p Oregon A California Express— Sao-
! .ramento, MarysTlIle, Betiding-,
Portland, Pnget Soncd and East. 855a
9.1 Or Hayward, Kile* and Saa Jose (Saa-
day only) 1165*
11.2Sr Port Costa, Tracy, Lathrop, Mo-
desto, Slerced. Kaymond (to Yo-
•emlte), Fresno, Hmford, VI-
salla. Bakersfleld 12-2S*
COAST LINE (Harrow ««ogt).
(Foot of Market Street.)
7.46a Santa Cruz Excursion 'Sunday
only) 8-10»
8-1 Sa Newark. Centerrllle. San Jose,
Felton, Bonlaer Creek, SanU
Crni and Wsy Station* 8 25*
I2.15P Newark, Ceatenrllle, 8an Joie,
New Almaden. Los Oa:o*. Fe[ tua.
Bonlder Creek, Santa Cms aad
Principal W«y Stations 13-53A
4.15r Newark. Saa Jose, Los Oatos and
way stations (on Saturday sad
Sunday runs through to Santa
Crni; Monday only from SanU
Cruz). Connects at Feltoa to "
and from Bonlder Creek t8.65a>
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN FKANCISCO. Foot of Market St. (31!p*>
— 17:13 »:00 11:00 a.m. 1.00 300 5.15 r.Jf
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — tS:0O ti:00
t8:05 10:00a.m. 1200 2 00 4CQr.it.
COAST LINE <Uroad U»a,r).
IV (third and Toarngcnd Streets.)
8.10a San Jose ant^Vay Stations 8 30»
t7 00 a San Jose and Way Stations 5 33r
7.16a Monterey and Sanu Crux Excur-
sion (Sunday uuly) 8-30p
8.00a Kew Almaden (Taes.. Frid.. on!y), 4.18*
8 -00a Coast Line Limited— Stops only San
Jose, Gilroy (connection for Hoi-
lister), Pajaro. CastroTllle. Sa-
linas. San Ardo. Paso Kobles, - -
SanUMargarlta,San Luis Oblnpo,
Gnsdalupe. Surf (connection for
Lompoc), Sanu Barbara, Saagas
and Los Angeles. Connection at
CastroTllle to and from Monterey
and Pacific Grove 10-45*
I. 00 a San Jose. Tre* Plnos, Capitol a, '-
SanuCrsz.PaciacGroTe.Sallnas. W"
San Luis Ohtapo and Principal
Intermediate Stations 4.10'
tO. 30a San Jose and .Vay Stations 1.20*
11.00a Cemetery Passenger — South Saa -
Francisco. San Bruno ............ - 1.C5»
11. 30 a Santa Clara, £an Jo«e. Los Gato*
and Way Stations 7. it}?
•1 -30r San Jose and Way SUtlons x7 OOr
2. OOr San Jose and Way SUtlons 59 40a
2.S0p Cemetery Passenger — South San
Francisco, San Bruno 435r
T3X0r Del Monte Express— fianta Clara.
Ean Jote. Del Monte, Monterey,
Pacific Grove (connects at Santa
Clara for SanU Crni. Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gauge PolnU) ?12-1S»
S JC» Psciac Grove and Way Stations—
Mnrllnisme.SQn Mateo.Hed wood, - ¦ „ ¦ ¦-
Menlo Park. Palo Alto, Mayfleld,
Monnuln View. Lawrence, Santa
Clara, Ssn Jose, (Gilroy. lloiiis-
ter, Tres Plnos), Pajaro, Watson-
Tille. Capitols, SanU Crux, Cas-
troTllle. Salinas 10 45a
4-30r 8an Jose and Way Sutlons 8-38a
b OOr San Jose, (ria Saou Clara) Los
tiatos, Wright and Principal Wsy
Stations (except Sunday) 900a
J530r Ssa Jose and Principal Wsy Stations fS.OO*
tS-16r Ean Mateo, Beresford.Belmoat. Saa
Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto 19-45*
6.20? Ban Jose snd Way SUtlons. 6. 33a
7 COr Sunset Limited. Eastbonnd.— Saa
Luis Oblspo. Sanu Barbara. Los
Angeles, Denting. El Paso. Sew
Orleans, New York. {Westbound
arrives TlaS»nJoaqula Valley)... w8.23a
8.80P Palo Alto and Way Stations 10-1Sa
11. Mp South San Francisco. Mlllbrae.
Burlingame, Saa Msteo. Bel-
mont, San Carlos, Redwood, , o .-«
Fair Oaks. Menlo Park. Palo ¦ I21?t
Alto,MayHeld,MounUlnVte*r, «*«f
Sunnyvale, Lawrence, SasU
Clara and San Jose J ¦
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
X Saturday and Sunday only. j Sunday only.
{ Stops at all stations on Sunday,
t Snnday excepted. a Saturday only.
« V la Coast Line. w VI a Saa Joaqoln V tile j.
6 Reno train east&onad discontinued.
OF" Only trains stopping at Valencia St. southbound
axe 8:10a.m.. t7:0OA.*..ll:M> a.m.. 2:S0r.K. sod «:30r.«.
HTO SAN RAFAEL
SAN GUENTIN,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO.ETC.
via Sausallto Terry
7-« T -I m. train week day. doea not run to
_£^%iEsaiW'a. i *«;
EISES?_#p m 5g^
JX-05 «. m . 12:30^2:20. J3:43. -.:5O. 5:30, 6.U.
l °SUNDAYS-«:13. 7:33. tS:10, »:40. t^-Xi,
J1W3 V^ inTl2:50. 2:S0. »:23. *A% J3.5O.
e-M. 7:35. 10:20 v. m.
Trains marked (t> start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Week days— 5:4*. 6:40. 7:45. 8:23.
tt:4B, U:10 a. m.. 12:10. 2:45, 4:13. 6:10. 7:05.
l °SUNDAYS- 6:35. 7:53. 10. 11:10 a. m.. 12:05.
1C3 2iO 3:43. 4:53. -8:05. 7:10^ 10:40 p. -m.
' ' THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m., week days — Casadero and way
stations. '
6:15 p. m.. week days (Saturdays excepted) —
Tomalea and way stations.
3:13 p. in.. Saturday*— Cazadero *nd way
Sundays and Lefcal Holidays— S a. m.. Caz.a.
aero and way stations. -
Sundays and Legal Holidays— 10 a. m.. Point
Reyes and way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— <EO Market St.
FERRY— Foot of Market at.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Ha Sjimlu* Fwry Arrivs
9s» Fran. fMt sfsrts* >A Saa Vraa.
Week I Sun- Sun- IVVwh'
Day*- d-*r» Jfc^mlK .°*^.
»T45l 8:OOa £*<*<£_» V4.QQ* STiTZ
l:45r 9:00a iSwSs^rar 13:SOr3:3Gp
•:15rlO:OOx 3:3Of S:SOr
j_tr*ayinlT. nan Ttrtn T wiSOy.irriTtiy. ll;3oy
nCUI I &» Masuct St., (North Shore RatlroadU
iniSB I aad SaosaUTO Pcutv Foot Marts* St.
jftt$f9^_§ MENANDV/OMEfl.
<^g^£fXCKE9^^j C«e Big G for unnatural
/G«y la 1 to i d«j».%i di^cUarses.in flaniaiiitinat.
DtSS Ooaraaued V| irtititloQS or nlrfraticni
JFtHsW nott» itriowr*. of mncons niamLTanea.
Fi ¦»«¦*» C— i«r<—. JfainUss, and not astria-
K^lTHEETlWSCHtWJCAtCa. gont or voiiunons. ¦
VCTV CIXClK»AT1.0.g*;*j3 Sold by DmitliU,
iffnm. sJ&HBl by express, prepaid, for
»!.00. or 3 bottle* 12.75.
P ClxcuUr isLt m reo.aeit.
As prescribed by a law
enacted by the last Legislature
the State Board of Commis-
sioners in Optometry has is-
sued certificates to the under-
signed firms, entitling them
and their employes to practice
the fitting of spectacles and
eyeglasses :
HOGX7E OPTICAL CO.,
211 Post St.
niBSCH & gAISER.
7 Kearny St.
STA2TDASO OPTZCAZ. CO..
317 Kearay St.
BE3TELIKO OPTICAL CO,
16 Xeamy St.
HASKELL ft JONES OFTXCAX. CO.,
S43 Grant Are.
CHZOT-BEKETTA OPTICAL CO.,
991 Market St.
CAUTOBBIA OPTICAL CO,
207 Kearny St.
GSO. H. SAH2T.
301 Kearay St.
HENRY SAHK ft CO.
(The Ceolarlnm),
643 Market St.
f) visit DR. JORDAN'S grcat^
dSUSEUH OF ANATOHY^
• 6^ lS£lstABTirET.brt.6:t*7at.3.r.CtL A
Q /<»V& Wotid. \VuknesMs cr u,j coctt»cted A
L SS &H <J:«*i* p»»t«l»Hy r«r«4 by the o!d«t f
A i^Sfl DR. JORDAN-DISEASES CF MEN J
\ ffiSif^it CoD«u1»tioo free and «rict1r prime. \
fS I J>Vr 11 Trei:m«it p«T»cn«!iy nr br Inter. A 0
\ I W «J| ¦ *—*— Ctar« in ererj cut usdertaken. \
« F II H_* w ri«for Book. rUII.GiturnT.f A
V • if US RABIMCE, MAILED FREe. (XT
A (1 U- **'«»W« bock for irrr.) \
'/ OK. JOBDOA CO.. 105t Market St.. S. P. 9
RADWAY'S UZAUV RELIEF has stood
unrivaled before the public for r>u years as a
1'Min Remedy. It issUtntly relieves and quickly
cures ail Colds, Sore Throats, Influenza, liron-
cbitls, PnvumoDia, IUjeumatism, Nturalfia,
Headache, Toothache and all pain. Internally
(or Hslaria and 4.11 Dowel Pains. All dnJsfftsU.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEHESTS.
BREWSTEB'S
MUJJONS
FOR SALE
In Book Form
ALL BOOK STORES
BUY IT TO-DAY
fi IS THE MARK OF l||
H CLUETT, PEABODY & CO. M
Egl. MAKERS ' JmM
£nK^^m W7 flSf^^S©^ vJN Taf
3HJ&RS
Guaranteed Pure,
None So G&otJ*
Sold EDeryvfom '
I HILBGRT MERCANTILE CO..
- — Pacific Coast Agents.
®Vim, Vigor, Vitality for Men.
SIORMOX BISHOP'S FILLS
have been in use over fifty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively euro the
worst case* In old and yours
arising from effects tot seK-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette errckins. Cure Lost
Manhood, Impot-:ncy. Lost
Power, Night Losses Insom-
nia, Palua lu Back, Evil Desires, Lama Back.
Nervous Debility, Hradache. Unfitnesa to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen. *—» Varlcocele or Con- ,
atlpatioa Stop Ner ™1 II vous Twitching of
Eyelids. Effects are JTZ m^TL Immediate. Impart
vigor and potencyCEHTS to every function.
Don't get despondent, a cure Is at hand.- Re-
store email, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 60o a box; « for
$2 SO by mall. A written guarantee to cure cr
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Addrens BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis st..
Ean Francisco. Cal. GRANT DRUG CO.. 3S
and «O Third at. ' ¦ i
BATLWAY TRAVEL. .
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN HI. CO.
LESSEIE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
8AXX.WAY COMPAKT.
Titanron Parry, foot or Market St.
SAH PKANCISCO TO SAN BATASXb
WEEK DAYS — 7:30. 8:00, 9:00. 11:00 a. m. ;
12:35, 2:30, 3:40. 5:10, 6:50, 6:30 and 11:30
p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 8:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
2:30. 3:40. 5:10. 8:SO. 11:30 p. m.
SAW BA7AXSX. TO SAN TKARCXSCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 6:5O. 7:35, 7: BO, 8:20.
11:15 a. m.; 12:50. »2:00, 3:40. 5:00. 5:20.
6:25 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:60. 7:35. 9:20. 11:15 a. m.: 1:43,
3:40, 4:50. 6:00. 6:20. 6:10. 6:25 p. m.
'¦_ 'Except Saturdays.
Leave I In Effect J Arrive
San Francisco.! May 3. 1003. [San Francisco.
Week I Bun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days.f tlon. | days. ( Days.
7:30a 7:45 a 7:45 a
7:30 aj 8:00 a 8:40 a 8:40 a
8:00a 9:30a Ignacio. 10:20a 10:20a
2:30 p 2:30 p 6:00 p 6:20 p
5:10p 5:10p 6:20p 7:25p
j 7:25 p
7:30 a 7:30a 7:45 a 7:45 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Novato. 10:20 a 10:20 a
2:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma, 6:20 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 2:30 p and 7:25 p 7:25 p
5:10 p Santa Rosa, f
7:80 a 7:30a 10:20 a 10:20 a
8:00 a 8:00 a Fulton. 7:25 p 6:20 p
2:S0p 2:30 p f . 7:23 p
I j Windsor. j j "
7:30 a| 7:30 a| Healdsburg. 110:20 a 10:20 a
(| Lytton. |
2:30 p| Geyservtile, J7:25p 7:25 p
I Clovcrdale. f |
7:30 al 7:30 al Hopland 110:20 a[10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:25 p| 7:23 p
7:30 a| 7:30 a| Willlta. | 7:25 p| 7:23 p
8:00 al 8:00 al Camp Vacation. 110:20 ajlO:2O a
2:30 p) 2:30 p| Guern*vllle. | 7:25 p| 6:20 p
¦8:Oa|8:00a| Sonoma. ( 8:40a| 8:40 a
5:10 pi 5:10 H Glen Ellen. ) 6:00 p| 6:20 p
7:30al7:30a| 110:20 a|10:20 a
2:30 p| 2:30 p| Sfbastopol. 1 7:25 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln: at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altruria and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdai* for
the Geysers. Booneville and Greenwood: at
Hopland for Duncan Spring*. Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
pert and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake, Wltter-Sprlngii. Upper Lake. Porno
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Llerly's.
Bucknell's, Sanhedrln Heights, Hullvllle. Orr"s
Hot Springs, Halfway House, Comptche. Camp
Stevens, Hopkins. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg
Westport. Usal; at Willits for Fort Bragg.
Westport, Sherwood, Cahto. Covello, Layton-
vllle. Cummlngs. Bell's Springs, Harris. Ol-
aen's. Dyer, Garbervllle, Pepperwood, Scotia
and Eureka.
.Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday— Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. a WHITING. R. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Paw. Agt.
Mr ___99 _J
if IjSgi \l H
Iff [
CALIFORNIA |
LIMITED TO CHICAGO |
tesvts Monday* sod Thundajr* st * JO ».m. ¦
Tbmch tat days with Piasn sad sll tapping). Ij
Oar other mlas go at P|
7:38am 1 (or Stockton, Fresno, . f
•:30am V Bakersfield. Merced. |l
t:OQPMJ Hanford, Visalia, II
' 4:00PM for Stockton. H
8:00pm for Kansas City aod Chicago. ||
Office. 641 Market St., and 1b Ferry I]
# Depot: 1112 Bros«lway.O«IU«nil. ?|
' Train Item* Market Strut F*rry. Ij
Ladies' Tailor=Made Hats
Our stock cf ladies' tailor-made hats in fall styles has lately
been received and we are showing a swell assortment at prices
fully a fourth less than the exclusive milliners ask for hats Of
equal quality.
Description cannot do them justice. You must see the hats
and try them on. The solid colors are white, tan, blue, black,
Urown and dark shades of gray. They also come trimmed in
brown and tan, gray and white, blue and white, black and.white.
There are eighteen different shapes to choose from, and
each one is stylish and becoming.
The' prices are :
$2.50 $3.00 $3.50
Any man who wants a good hat for everyday wear will find
his needs fully satisfied in the hats we sell at $1.95. They com-;
prise all shapes and colors.
Out-of-town orders filled. Write us. .
740 Market StreetTUXEDO PARK. N\ Y> Sept. 13.— Mm. Cou
dftrt, widow of. Charles. Coudert, died of,apo
plexy to-day at b#r home. L '
Servian Officials Point Out That
; There Is No Motive for thV Al
leged. Appeal. .
BELGRADE, Sept. 13.— The report that
King' Peter,: had sent a message to the
DENY THAT.. KING PETER
'•; SENT MESSAGE TO CZAB
SAN RAFAEL, Sept. 13.— E. A. Hols
worth, head carpenter for. the North
Shore Railroad, had a narrow" escape
from drowning this afternoon. He . wa?
jon.the wharf near v the Buffalo Hotel and
tripped "and fell Into the water. Hecould
not swim and was nearly exhausted when
rescued by C. Feu tsch, E. . F. I#e and
Charles . Forrest. *. '• •,
Carpenter Falls From Wharf.
London Stock Market Continues DulL
LONDON, Sept. 13.-Buslness on the
Stock Exchange last week continued to
be very restricted, and the tendency in
most departments was easier. This de
pressed feeling was due to the continued
fall in consols, the uneasiness as to pos
sible withdrawals of gold, the condition
of affairs in the Balkans and the unset
tled monetary outlook in America. Prices
of Americans were very unsettled, but
wers firmer at th« end of the week on
the dissipation of some adverse rumors
and the satisfactory advices regarding
c rops. Turkish bonds were strong on the
Sultan's sanction of the new unification
scheme. . .
Physician Kills Alleged Slanderer.
OPELOUSAS, La., Sept. 13.— Dr. A. R.
Harmanson shot and killed Charles Mede
cls this morning, using a rifle. Medecis
was passing on the street when the fatal
shot was fired, he being unarmed. Dr.
Harmanson surrendered to the Sheriff.
He declares that Medecis was the author
of several : anonymous letters attacking
the reputation of members of his family.
Medecis was prominent, as is also Dr.
Harmanson.; v' :
The other, powers have now abandoned
their intention . of , Bending warships to
Beirut. Refugees encamped in the moun
tains refuse to return to Beirut, in spite
of the promise of the authorities to pro
tect them. .
Powers Said to Have Abandoned In
/ tention to Send Ships.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Sept. 13.— Calm
continues at Beirut, but trade . Is at a
standstill. Rished Pasha, the dismissed
Vail, left Beirut yesterday, for Constan
tinople. . ;vi
CITY OP BEIBTJT TBANQTTH,.
According to a dispatch from Rio Ja
neiro, AugustJll,' Brazil and Bolivia had
arrived at a basis for an amicable ar
rangement under which Bolivia would ac
knowledge Brazil's sovereignty over a
great part of the Acre territory, while
Brazil would pay an Indemnity for the
military expenditures incurred by Bolivia
and would build a harbor on the River
Madeira and a railroad from Monoro to
Madeira. /
RIO DE JANEIRO, Sept. 13.— The dis
pute between Bolivia and Brazil with re
gard to the Acre territory still remains
unsettled, but a settlement Is expected
to be arranged shortly.
However, to Beach an Amic
able Arrangement.
Brazil and Bolivia Are Expected,
ACB.E TERBITOBY DISPUTE
STILL REMAINS UNSETTLED
Abdication of Emperor Francis Josef
as King Is 'Now Being Freely
Discussed. $
LONDON, Scut. 14.— The Vienna corre
spondent of the Dally Mail declares that
the Hungarian political crisis has become
so acute that the abdication of Emperor
Francis JosepbA as King of Hungary is
freely discussed in that country and al
though no party leader Is openly willing
to discuss this probability there is a
strong feeling i» favor of Hungary's
right to choose her own King, the can^
didate favored being the German Emper
or's . second son, Prince Eitel.
HTTNOABIAN POLITICAL
CRISIS BECOMES ACUTE
v LOUISVILLE. Ky.. Sept. 13.-Coloncl
R. T. Jacob, a picturesque figure during
the Civil Wax, died at his home here
to-day, aged 7S years. Colonel Jacob was
•widely known as the man who saved
Kentucky from secession and also as the
captor of General John Morgan.
Death of a Noted Civil "War Veteran.
The Dally Mail's correspondent at
Sofia in a dispatch dated September 9
sends an interview he had with Tartar
sheff, the chief of the revolutionary com
mittee. In which the latter—represented
that there will be a strong probability of
Servia throwing in her lot with Bulgaria
against Turkey and that the question of
war or no war depended mainly on Ser
via. Tartarsheff declined to commit him
self to details, but admitted that nego
tiations were proceeding between his com
mittee and Servia and also that the Ser
vian Premier lately cent scouts to Join
"It would be very inadvisable for the
powers to address admonitions to 'Bul
garia at the present moment,' because it
would etrengthen,\on the eve of the elec?
tions, ths hands of the opposition party,
which is trying to foment bellicose agi
tation, in order to overthrow the present
Government. The Infliction of a needless
humiliation upon the Government, which
is endeavoring to convince the nation of
the folly of an adventurous policy, would
be merely playing into the hands of the
war party."
traveling in Macedonia, writes from
Kirk-Killeseh and Adrianople that the
reports of massacres and pillages
spread by the revolutionists have been
greatly exagerated, but the . writer con
fesses, in common with many Constanti
nople correspondents, that the behavior of
the Albanian troops has been exceedingly
bad and that they are quite out of hanu,
pillaging and burning wherever possible,
in ssite" of the attempts of the local
troops to prevent them.
The Moriastir correspondent of the Daily
Mail has had an interview with the com
mander of the vilayet, Mazis Pasha, in
which the latter asserted that the rising
¦was absolutely suppressed. He admitted
the truth of the burnings and atrocities,
but accused the Bulgarian insurgents of
committing them.
A dispatch from Salonica, dated Sat
urday, reports a fresh supply of explo
sives discovered at the offices of a Bul
garian, who was arrested, but afterward
released.
It is rumored from Constantinople that
no foreign military attaches have gone to
Monastir, but that another American
warship, presumably the gunboat Ma
chlas, has arrived at Beirut.
The correspondent of the Times at Sofia
says: < '/'¦'•i
Czar to beg him to reconsider his atti
tude toward the Servian officers, which
the King regarded as partly tho cause of
the new revolt In the army, is officially
denied. It is pointed out that there is no
motive for such an appeal, as the powers
have all recognized the revolution to be
Servia's . private - affair, and the .Skupt
chlna has pardoned the conspirators. The
King as a constitutional nttmarch is
bound to respect ' the decision of Parlia
ment. The leaders of the army plot at
Nlsh will be tried by courfTmartlal on
the charge of threatening to kill the offi
cers concerned in the coud d'etat.
the revolutionists in Bulgaria in order to
report the latter's progress.
Captain Saraffof, brother of the revolu
tionary chief, who also was present at
the interview, went further than Tartar
sheff and- alleged that It was weeks ago
agreed that at the slightest provocation
the Servian forces would Invade Old Ser
via and 1 occupy Uskub. it was hinted
that Montenegro would also bo heard
front- In Albania and that Turkey would
be thus compelled to divide her forces,
thereby much reducing her chances of
victory.
The Times publishes a long 1 dispatch
from Monastir, dated September**!*, in
which, as the result of his own observa
tions and those of reliable witnesses, the
correspondent confirms the descriptions of
the Turkish extermination of the Chris
tian population in the vilayet of Monastir,
which, he avers, 1b being carried • out
whole-heartedly and indiscriminately by
regulars and Bashi Bazouks, between
whom there is little to choose, and whose
doings, it Is evident, are directly sanc
tioned by the Sultan.
The Bishops of Durham, Worcester,
Hereford and Gibraltar all publish letters
in the Times^protesting against the Turk
ish atrocities in Macedonia and urging
the Governnienf to Intervene to prevent
an indelibfe stain resting on a Christian
country for permitting such cruelties.
Continued From Page 1, Column 1.
ALBANIANS USE SWORD AND TORCH
LONDON, Sept. 13.— Premier Bal
four will have his work cut out
at to-morrow's meeting of the
Cabinet in harmonizing warring
factions and preventing a 1 split
that might portend the collapse of the
ministry. Balfour will devote all of his
energies to smoothing over.tho crisis and
delaying the upheaval that seems certain
to come as a result of the war scandals.
The rumor that the resignation of For
eign Secretary Ltmsdowne is already in
the hands of the Premier is persistent,
and whether or not this report is true it
is known that the 1 Foreign Secretary is
eager to retire so as to be in a position to
EDNA. Tex., Sept. 13.— Three men were
shot and killed here this afternoon at the
City Jail.
Sheriff George F. Whsrton and Deputy
Brugh arrested a man known as McCa
g;le of Philadelphia on a charge of at
tempted swindling. McCagle was con
veyed to jail without trouble, but when
the officers attempted to search him he
drew a revolver ja.nd opened fire.
The first bullet struck Sheriff Wharfon
«nd the second mortally wounded the
deputy. The Sheriff, while falling, drew
his revolver and fired at the prisoner,
killing him instantly. Wharton trhen
picked up was dead and Brugh died an
hour later.
Affray.
Sheriff, His Deputy and a Prisoner
Engage in a Fatal Shooting
THBEE MEN ABE KILLED
IN A TEXAS CITY JAIL
NEW YORK, Sept. 13.— The sailors of
the flagship Kearsarge, which, together
with the Alabama, Texas, Illinois and
Chicago, anchored off Staten Island to
day, have been in a condition bordering
on mutiny, it was learned to-day, for
many weeks. By sailors and petty of
ficers on other ships it was said that
when the Kearsarge came to anchor 120
men were imprisoned in the brig because
of mutinous conduct. These men say
they have renamed the flagship the
"Cursthard" on account of the voluble
dissatisfaction continually expressed by
the crew. By this cognomen the Kear
sarge is known, they say, by all the other
vessels of the squadron.
In the recent shooting contests in the
maneuvers the gunners of the Kearsarge
scored six shots out of twelve, the Ala
bama beating the record with fifteen out
of sixteen, and every other vessel of the
squadron showing a first rate average.
According to the sailors the gunners of
the Kearsarge in revenge for grievances,
real or fancied, of long standing, by
agreement with the crew, determined to
make as poor a showing as they coula,
and to clinch this agreement some ven
turesome spirits, not yet discovered,
threw overboard all the lenses of the gun
tights, thereby rendering expert marks
manship impossible. Several of the men
on the Kearsarge verified this, although
all said they had been instructed before
being allowed to go ashore not to say
anything/ about this incident.
TROUBLE ON THE FLAGSHIP.
Sailors on the Kearsarge Are Impris
oned for Mutinous Conduct.
ROME. Sept. 13. — The Pope to-day held his
first, reception, 5000 persons being admitted to
his presence in the courtyard of La Prega.
Two Important questions that are to
come before the Cabinet meeting are the
situation in the Balkans and the develop
ments In the Far East, in viaw of Rus
sia's request for further time for the
evacuation of a portion of Manchuria, It
is not likely that there will be any
change in the attitude of the Government
toward the Macedonian insurrection— a
"hands-off" policy— so long as Russia and
Austria seem disposed to promote no ul
terior motive in their efforts to restore
peace in the disturbed area. As to Rus
sia's latest move in the Far East the For- 1
elgn Office is disposed to be suspicious,
but it will probably be left to Japan to
lead in any protest that may be made.
- . .-;¦"¦
clear himself of the blame that has been
thrust upon his shoulders in connection
with the war policy. Balfour's pleading
may not result in changing this- "attitude
on the part of the head of the foreign af
fairs department.
Lord Rosebery's advocacy of the ap
pointment of Lord Kitchener as com
mander in chief is continuing to find new
supporters. It is declared in support of
tbis proposal that only a man of Kitch
ener's independence, who is the creature
of no clique or faction, can remedy the
military inefficiency of the empire.
Next in present importance to the
army scandals as a bomb whose burst
ing may scatter the Balfour Cabinet is
Chamberlain's fiscal policy. The antag
onism of the Dpke of Devonshire and
other powerful leaders toward the Colon
ial Secretary's propaganda may create a
breach which the Premier will be unable
to close.
BRITISH WARRIOR AND STATES
MEN WHO FIGURE IN TROU
BLES OF THE MINISTRY.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 13.— John Barrett,
who visited Asia as commissioner of the
Louisiana Purchase Exposition In behalf
of the exposition management, has issued
a statement with reference to foreign par
ticipation in the exposition. He says In
part:
Although in the introductory negotiations
such important Governments as Russia and
Austria in Kurope and Japan and China in
Asia declined to participate, and the outlook
was discouraging for other prominent nations,
thirty-flve of the forty odd independent coun
tries of the world now have formally accepted
the invitation to take part, while not less than
ten of the great colonies of European nations
are preparing comprehensive exhibits entirely
apart front those of ; the home governments.
The countries above mentioned as at first re
fusing to bo represented have finally reconsid
ered their action and decided to take part on
an unprecedented scale.
In short, forty-five foreign lands, independent
and dependent, will be seen In miniature, as it
were, at St. Louis In 1904.
Commissioner Barrett Tells of His
Visit to Asia in. Interest of
the Big Fair.
FOBEIGN PARTICIPATION
IN ST.-X0UIS EXPOSITION
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, 8ept. 13.— Bullseye and
target hits at the rate of 1.2S each min
ute from her th!rteen-lnch gun Is what
Is declared by the officers to be the world
breaking record brought to port to-day
by the United States battleship Alabama.
With the battleship Kearsarge, t!i«
flagship of Rear Admiral Barker; the Il
linois and the Texas, the Alabama, la
command of Captain Davis, steamed from
the firing ground off "the south shore of
Marthas Vineyard on Saturday evening
and anchored before noon to-day off
Tompkinsville. Approached in the excel
lence of their gunnery only by the men
of the- Illinois, the men of the Alabama
were congratulated by the flagship at the
close of their work. The fleet now await3
the official figures showing the standing
of the competitors.
Built to be flred at the rate of one shot
every two minutes, the gun crew of tha
Alabama handled the thirteen-lnch guns
so that two and a half hits were mada
In that time. The highest individual hon
ors go to Seaman C A. Brightup. gun
pointer, who. at his post at the left-hand
gun No. 4 in the after turret, made four
hits In two minutes and eight 3econd3.
the target being 1600 yards away and th«
ship steaming at an eight-knot rate. Sea
men Allen and Fletcher, gun-pointers,
scored 1.14 hits a minute, the highest av
erage for the sun.
It Is said by the officer of the ship that
the record of the two guns has not beta
equaled, for of sixteen shots fired all hit
the target with the exception of one,
which struck the floating frame on which
the rectangle of canvas twenty-one feet
long and seventeen feet high was erected.
Had it been in battle the shot3 would
have struck the waterline of the enemy,
a most vulnerable spot. The ¦ projectile
flred weighed 1100 pounds, with SCO pound*
powder charge.
Besides the thirteen-inch gun practice,
those on board the Ala bam* maintain
that they have beaten the fleet in the
handling of the six-inch rapid ftre rifles.
Seaman Webber, gun-pointer, averaged
6.55 hits a minute on a target twenty-one
feet long and eight feet hign, 1600 yards
away, the ship steaming at' ten knots.
Seamen Marchant and MInchlon, pointers
of six-inch guns, made an average of 6.23
hits for their piece and lost because ona
shot went over the mark.
Private Marine McHenry, in charge of
a six-pounder, also made a record of lO.at
hits a minute.
Vaux refused absolutely to give any
more uetails than contained in this state
ment. From other sources, however, it
was learned that dimes, quarters and
half dollars were the coins manufactured.
The discoverey was made several days
ago. and United States secret service of
ficials were .immediately called in. Their
investigation, it is learned, is still in
progress, their principal object being to
learn whether there was collusion be
tween the convicts and employes of the
Institution.
It is believed the discovery of counter
feiters in the prison was due to the in
vestigation now being carried on as a re
pult of charges of irregularity. These
became public last week and Warden
Bessir.ger and the overseer of the cigar
department were temporarily relieved
from duty and the penitentiary placed in
charge of Rev. Joseph Welch, the chap
lain. It is alleged that thousands of cigars
made by the convicts are unaccounted
for; that thousands of them did not con
tain the internal revenue stamps, and
that in many instances the law requiring
prison-made cigars to be stamped "con
vict-made" was ignored. How long this
has been carried en is yet to be learned.
The government of the penitentiary is
vested in a board of five inspectors ap
pointed by the Governor, who serve with
out salary. This board is now making an
inspection of each branch of the institu
tion, and has employed an expert ac
countant to go over the books. In addi
tion to this, the Internal revenue officers
are carrying on a separate investigation.
Dr. William D. Robinson, one of the in
spectors, in speaking of the affair, said
that the inspectors have not found any
thing that militates atraJnst th^ personal
integrity and ability of the Warden, but
had found abundant evidence that the old
methods so long in vogue are faulty and
antiquated. Warden Bessinger has been
permitted to engage an accountant to
protect his interests in the matter of his
accounts.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 13.— Following
closely upon the exposure of gross Irreg
ularities in the cigar department of the
Eastern State penitentiary came the an
nouncement to-night that ilk-gal coinage
of minor silver pieces has been carried on
by convicts in the big Institution. No do
talls of the counterfeiting scheme can be
learned from any of the officials connect
*<* with the prison, or from the Govern
ment officers that have been assigned to
the case. The fact that such a daring
scheme has been carried out in the peni
tentiary was made-*M*blic by George Vaui
Jr., one of the prison inspectors, who
summoned newspaper men'to his home
and voluntarily made the disclosure. He
gave out a brief statement, which is as
follows:
Dr. W. D. Robinson and Mr. Vaux Jr.. who
are at f resent the visiting inspectors on duty
at the Eastern State penitentiary, made the
•tatement that it has come to their official
knowledge that within a short time an at
tempt has bo«n made by certain convict? now
ecafined in the penitentiary to manufacture
counterfeit r'lver coins. But a few pieces
were made, and a number at these have come
into the possession of the inspectors, tcsether
with the metals ar.d chemicals used, the «t
tempt thus being nipped in the bud. The evi
<1enee in the ra»e is not yet complete, but all
That has been secured has been submitted to
the United States authorities.
Bullseye and Target Hits at ths
Sate of 1.26 Each Minute
Are Scored by Hex - j
Gunners.
Investigation Will Be Made to Ascer
tain if Jail Officials "Were in
Collusion With the
Prisoners.
World Breaking Record la
Made With Her Thirteen-
Inch Gun.
Inspectors Recover a Lot of
the Metals and Chemi
cals Used.
There is no doubt that President Roose
velt appreciates the temper of Congress
on this point. That he does is the best
reason for the belief that soon after he
returns to Washington steps will be taken
toward the drawing of a treaty with Nic
argua and Costa Kica. unless a miracle
should be worked in Bogota before Sep
tember 22 and the Hay-Herran treaty,
already rejected, be ratified. No one here
expects that. The State Department of
ficials talk ot the Hay-Herran treaty as
being beyond hope ot resurrection.
The administration is secretive about Its
plans in regard to the canal, but it will
take only a few days to draw a treaty
when the representatives of Nicaragua
and Costa Rica are empowered to sign
treaties. Then the President can send
a message to Congress reciting the futile
efforts to obtain a treaty with Colombia
and transmitting a treaty providing for
the construction of a Nicaraguan canal.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 13.— With the
Hay-Herran treaty conceded as dead and
the formal period for the exchange of rat
ification expiring on September 22, Pres
ident Roosevelt has yet given no indi
cation that he is ready to negotiate for
a Nicaraguan canal, in conformity with
the provisions of the Spooner act. If he
does not open such negotiations Senator
Morgan cf Alabama, chairman of the
Committee on Interoceanic Canals, will
offer a joint resolution directing the draw
ing of a treaty with Nicaragua and Costa
Rica. '
Washington Likely to Begin New
Canal Negotiations.
1
TURNING TO NICARAGUA.
PANAMA, Sept. 13.— Rodolfe Aguillera,
the first newspaperman to publish articles
in favor of the secession of the Isthmus
of Panama, is to be prosecuted. It is cur
rently reported that two thousand Fed
eral troops are coming to the isthmus.
BOGOTA, Sept. 13.-A proposal made by
Benor Perez y Sotos to ask the executive
to appoint an antl-seccesslonist Governor
in Panama has been approved by the
Senate. Speaker3 in the SeD*»±s ea'd that
Senor Obaldla, who was recently ap
pointed Governor of Panama and who is
favorable to a canal treatv, was dan
pe-rous to national integrity. President
Marroquin protested against thf- action
of the Senate. President Marroquin suc
ceeded later !n calming the Congressmen.
It appear? he was able to g:ve them sat
isfactory reasons for Governor Obaldia's
appoint merits.
The Bogota Government appears to real
ize the imminent peril of the Isthmus of
Panama declaring its ir.dependmct.' Senor
Sesoux. representative of the Panama
constituency, recently delivered a sensa
tional speech In the House. Among other
things he said: _;
In Panama the Bishops, Governors, magis
trates, military commanders and their sub
ordinates hav« been and are foreign to the
department. It teems that the Government
with surprising tenacity wishes to exclude
itself from all participation In public affairs.
As regards International dangers, all I can
say is that if thei>e dangers exist they are
due to the conduct of the national Govern
ment, v.-hlch is in th* direction of reaction.
If the Colombian Government will not lleten to
the rerrt-e^nUitions made with a view to pre
venting disaster the responsibility -will rfst
with it alone. Not a native of Panama Is
obeying the reactionary lawn.
The bill dealing with the settlement of
foreign claims arising out of the revolu
tionVias met with no opposition in the
Legislature. It seems that Congress after
the recent political discussions has lost all
energy and has entirely forgotten Panama
canal matters.
LONDON, Sept. H.-A dispatch from
Shanghai to the Daily Mall says that
Uchida. the Japanese Minister at Peking.
had an .Interview with Prince Chlng and
has entered a strong protest against the
new proposals of Russia regarding: the
evacuation of Manchuria, which have ex
cited angry surprise in Japan.
PEKING, Saturday. Sept. 12 (delayed in
transmission).— Russia has presented to
the Chinese Government a new scheme
for evacuation, originally fixed for Oc
tober 8. and proposing certain new con
ditions In addition to most of the condi
tions Included in the last scheme. Rus
sia now proposes to evacuate Newchwang
and Mukden province on October ?, Kirin
province four months later and the third
province* a year later. Among the new
conditions, Russia stipulates that she
shall maintain military posts on the road
from Tsltsihar. capital of Heilung Klang.
to Blagovostchensk and on the Sungarl
River. The reason Russia gives for main
taining these posts Is that they are nec
essary to protect the commerce of the
railroad.
There Is a vaguely worded clause pro
hibiting heavy duties on goods transport
ed by the railroad, which the diplomats
construe as exempting Russian goods
transported on the railway from the sur
tax which the Japanese and American
treaties substitute for the likin duties.
The scheme' also contains a provision
that the Chinese troops shall protect the
branches of the . Russo-Chlnese Bank
when necessary, j
Prince Ching, president of the Foreign
Board, has Informed the Ministers that
he considers the 'Russian conditions to be
very reasonable.
of Fleet at Target
Practice.
Defeats Other Vessels
Head of the Chinese Foreign
Office Regards Them as
Reasonable.
Pennsylvania Convicts
Engage in Work of
Counterfeiting.
Senators Assert That Newly
Appointed Executive .
Is a Secessionist.
Tokio Objects to Delay
in Evacuation of
Manchuria.
Government of Bogota
Realizes a Crisis
Is at Hand.
BATTLESHIP
ALABAMA IS
THE WINNER
CZAR'S PROPOSAL
AROUSES JAPAN
BOGUS COINS
ARE MADE IN
PENITENTIARY
FEARS PANAMA
MAY WITHDRAW
PREMIER BALFOUR MAY NOT SUCCEED
IN SAVING MINISTRY FROM COLLAPSE
Head of British Cabinet Strives to Harmonize Warring
Factions, t but Exciting Time Is Likely When the
' Meeting To-pay Takes Up Empire's War Policy
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 14. 1^903.
3
ADVEBTISEM2ZNTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Skin Diseases
of the moat stubborn and chronic kind
are promptly relieved and eventually
cured by the use of ,
This powerful germicide is ab-
solutely harmless. \ It has cured
cases pronounced incurable and
will cure you. By killing the
germs that o«ese skin- diseases, it
allows Nature to restore a healthy
skin. Used and endorsed by lead-
ing physicians everywhere for the
last 1 2 5'ears. Booklet on request.
So'.d by leading: drucirists or trial
bottle sent prepaid on receipt of 25 cents.
C1.O Prince St., New York
Schilling's Best is a .long-
distance attraction,
Moneyback.
At your grocer's.
l\ The picture is of course overdrawn, but when it comes to if
|| the facts of the case in buying one of our made-to-measure ?!
H suits you really have money coining to you. £j
9 " The man who orders a suit of us can count on all wool t.J
B material, good workmanship, stylish garments and an actual *|
|| saving of at least a fourth. H
II Through splendid buying facilities and small profits of our tf
II own we are- in a position to undersell any other tailor on this £]
|| coast. And we do it. (1
B The suit we make for $10 will cost you every cent of $13 II
H elsewhere. Our $13.50 garments are equal to the $16 suits of ||
|| many firms. Our $15 suits are really s worth $20; our $20 suits n
|| would be values at $25; and so on, up to our $45 suits. !|
II Buy here and you will , have money coming your way. [I
I] We guarantee every garment — repairing free of all II
li Come in to-day and look over our numerous fall patterns. f j
I Suits to Measure
From $10 Up
Suits satisfactorily made to order for out-of-towm custom*
ers, through our self-measuring system. Write for samples.
I 740 Market Street H
0 and corner Powell and Eddy Streets liAbbreviations: B. S.. battleship; P. C. protected cruiser; C.
cruiser; G. B., gunboat; D, B., dispatch boat; T. 8.. training thlp.
•» S § »1 xj
NAME. 8 3 . ? ¦ "% - o * Main Battery.
; '. i iu
Alabama B. S. 1S98 11,525 17.10 15.00 4 13-inch; 14 6-Inch
Illinois ... B. S. 1898 11,525 17.45 15.00 4 13-inch; 14 6-inch
Kearsarge .... B. S. 1S08 11,625 10.S2 15.00 4 Kl-in; 4 «-ln: 14 5-in.
Indiana B. S. 1893 10.2S8 15.55 10.00 4 13-in; 88-ln; 4 6-in.
Massachusetts B. S. iv.t:: 10,288 10.2112.00 4 13-in; 8 8-ln; 4 6-in.
Texas B. S. 1S02 C.315 17.0S 14.00 2 12-inch; 6 6-inch
Olymnla P. C. 1892 5,870 21. C9 16.00 4 8-inch; 10 5-lnch
Baltimore .... P. C. 18S8 4.41.1 20.10 15. 00 12 tt-inch; 6 3-Jnch
Mayflower C. 1830 2.600 16.80 15. CO 10 6- pounders
PraJrie C. 1H00 6.872 14.50 12.00 8 6-lnch •••
Panther C. 1889 4,200 13.00 10.50 6 6-Inch; 2 4-inch
Yankee. C. 1892 6,8S« 12. CIO 10.00 8 5-inch
Topeka G. B. 1881 2.372 16.00 12.00 G 4-inch
Newport. G. B. 1893 1,000 12.20 11.00 6 4-inch
Scorpion ...;. G. B. 1896 850 17.85 15. CO 6 6-pounders
Vixen G. B. 1896 806 16.0014.00 4 6-pounders
Dolphin D. B. 1884 1.4S6 15.50 13.00 2 4-inch
Hartford T. S. 1858 2,790 12.00 10.00 13 5-inch
Kssex .... T. S. 1874 1.375 10.04 8.00 « 4-lnch
Monongahela . Sail. 1862 2,100 :.... a 4-inch
It seems strange and -wonderfully encouraging to
witness the strenuous efforts with] which our fel
low citizens of Hawaii are striving to show' that
they deserve to shine as a great : and sympathetic
unit in the United States. At their recent primary
election they did everything except commit murder.
It has been announced in the dispatches that.Rus
•ia and Austria may take a hand in the quarrel be
tween Bulgaria and Turkey. For the sake of hu
tnariity it is to be hoped that Bulgaria will be pro
tected from such friends as these and be permitted
to fijfct out her quarrel with Turkey alone.
A young man bearing the unusual but significant
name of Crutches is a candidate for a place on the
Stanford football eleven. If the boys can now only
secure somebody named Stretcher" to 'enter the lists
the team ought to go upon the gridiron formidably
and most appropriately named for the November
contest. . . • ' ¦ ¦ ¦ - l
California has done much' to .'demonstrate* its ability
in the development of abnormalities in children, but it
must present something, worse than .anything ,yet
offered or yield the badge of disgrace to Colorado.
In the latter State a few days ago two children who
had been arrested confessed that they are painstaking
and successful train-wreckers.
If nothing else laudatory may be said of the schem
ers who have precipitated the postal scandal upon
the nation they may be commended for the thor
oughness with which they operated and the wide
range within which they worked. It is to be hoped
that the Federal authorities will pursue the affair im
placably to its inevitable conclusion — to the punish
ment of the offenders.
Local dealers in live Chinese stock have discovered
in the substitution of old, decrepit men for young
men a new and profitable scheme with which to cheat
the exclusion law. It has been very apparent for
some time that there should be a few more lawyers
in San Quentin. . The profession is not adequately
represented in the penitentiary... ¦•¦¦
SINCE New Hampshire and Vermont have aban
doned their ancient policy of total prohibition
and have entered upon a trial of license and
local option, the stalwart and stern prohibitionists
have turned their hopes to the South. In those
States where once the Puritan was derided there now
seems to be more of the spirit of Puritanism than
in New England itself. At any rate, the progress of
prohibition in the South has become one of the
salient features of the times and is sufficiently remark
able tc attract general attention.
According to a prohibition organ, "The « New
Voice," published in Chicago, there are now more
saloons in the State of New York alone than in the
entire eleven States of the South. 1 It is said that in
Texas 136 counties have total prohibition, 62 partial,
and in 46 the sale of liquors is unrestricted. Ten
nessee has 5500 towns and cities; in only eight of
them is there unrestricted sale; in only 12 of the 06
counties can liquor be sold legally. In Kentucky 47
counties have total prohibition, 54 partial and in 18
free sale is permitted. Arkansas has 44 teetotal coun
ties, while 29 can sell as they like, with no legal re
strictions. Georgia has 100 prohibition counties, with
only 37 the other way.
Various causes are assigned for the popular sup
port given to prohibition in these States. In the first
place there are in the South very few foreigners ac
customed to the free use of wine or beer, and as the
older elements of the American population are gen
erally averse to the liquor traffic, it is natural there
should be stronger sentiment of that kind in Uie
South than in other sections where the foreign ele
ment is larger. In the next place the fear that the
negro population might become demoralized if
whisky were easily obtainable has inclined the rural
counties to go almost solidly for prohiBition. Finally,
it is said that in Texas the liquor men undertook to
evade the license laws and to run politics, with the
result of rousing an antagonism that has pretty well
suppressed the trade throughout the State.
The results of the experiment with prohibition in
the South will doubtless be similar to those that fol
lowed in New England. For a time the zeal of the
reformers will enable the State and county officers to
enforce the law, but gradually the "weakening will
come, and then there will be a repetition of the prac
tices that made prohibition in New . Hampshire and
Vermont such a scandal that the people after fifty\
years of trial decided to get rid of it Unquestion
ably, however, it is of advantage to the rural South
PROHIBITION IN THE SOUTH.
An American who killed his partner in Mexico was
sentenced a few days ago by a Mexican court to serve
an imprisonment of sixteen months for criminal care
lessness. This ought to suggest itself as a valuable
addition to the Penal Code of California to cover the
cases of that extremely dangerous element known as
deer hunters.
Conditions on the Pacific Slope "continue cheerful.
Moderate crops, which are quoted above the normal
prices, keep the farmers and merchants in good
humor, credits excellent and the banks well supplied
with funds. Nobody is complaining and everybody
expects another good year. The volume of domestic
and foreign trade is large, collections are as good
as they have been at any time and failures are neither
numerous nor large. In fact, taking the whole coas:
into consideration, conditions may be described as
brilliant.
The feeling in the iron and steel trades in still
somewhat pessimistic and buyers are holding off,
while some descriptions have declined still further.
Provisions have shown more animation at Western
packing centers and supplies of cattle and hogs are
reported more plentiful and gradually increasing, a
natural consequence of the boom in livestock of the
past four or five years, during which many stock
raisers have accumulated fortunes.
The New York stock market continues tame and
without any particular tendency in either direction.
Fluctuations of late have been narrow and the public
urc holding aloof. No more is heard of the forma
tion of gigantic syndicates with vast capitalizations.
Their day has passed for the present. New York
bankers say that the supply of undigested securities
has not even yet become eliminated, but it has been
reduced to a point where it is no longer a serious
menace to the stock market and the business interests
of the country. The bankers are also pointing out
that stocks as a rule are now down to a plane where
they can be purchased for investment purposes with
reasonable safety and that many of them are now
positively cheap from a dividend-paying point of
view. Thus reassured, the public may again enter the
market after the summer vacation, which is now in
its last days.
Lumber still rules firm and active in the West, but
:.he Eastern markets are still more or less inactive, as
capital has not yet recovered from the sharp scare it
got last spring whin the whole country seemed to be
cither on strike or about to J go on one, and the cost
of material and wages had advanced to a point where
extended building operations had become more or
>ss hazardous.
There were several favorable features last week.
Some sections of the country reported a better fall
demand for goods than last year, and more favorable
weather stimulated the retail trade in others. It
is now kugwn that the crops of the country will not
be a.- enormous as expected along in the spring, but
none' of the great farm staples show a serious falling
off. The wheat crop has steadily diminished in sire
with the advancement of the season, and the last
Government report, issued on Friday, indicates a
combined winter and spring wheat yield of about
620.000.000 bushels, against anywhere from 700.000,000
to 750.000.000 confidently figured on in the early
-pring. Prices are good, however, and more net
money m2y be realized from the diminished crop
than if it had been larger. The South reports excel
lent prospects for corn, cotton, rice and sugar.
GENERAL trade shows few new features.
The volume of business appears smaller than
at this time last year, but it was then abnor
nia.iv large and nobody conversant with the drift of
commerce expected it to continue at high pressure
indefinitely. The shrinkage is partially illustrated by
a loss in the bank clearings of 41 9 P" cent from the
corresponding week in 1002, while the aggregate
clearings have still further decreased to $1,420420,000,
the smallest showing for several years. Another un
satisfactory sign in this direction is that every impor
tant city in the country except Kansas City exhibits a
loss, that at New York being 54.2 per cent, largely
due, no doubt, to the marked decrease in stock spec
ulation in Wail street. Boston and Philadelphia
show losses of 29 and 34 per cent respectively, while
Chicago enjoys the smallest decrease, it being only
6.4 per cent. As tar as these clearings are an indica
tion the country is doing less business than in 1902,
but it may be quite as profitable in net results. The
failures for the week were 172, against 205 last year,
and there were none large enough to attract atten
tion beyond their locality.
CONDITION OF TRADE.
situation. * /
The proceedings of Murphy, Parks and the other;
walking delegates who have; been sentenced to the
penitentiary in New York for bribery and extortion
have revealed a labor situation in which no investor
Is safe. The calling of strikes to extort money for
the pocket of the walking delegate has inflicted enor
mous losses upon contractors and property owners.
There is a universal law which dominates all produc
tion. It is exterminated utterly whenever it has put
upon it greater burdens than it can bear. When rail
roads charge a freight upon any article so high that
its value is exhausted in passing from producer to
consumer that production ceases. Union labor hav
ing put upon construction a greater burden than it
can bear, that form of production ceases.
It is not only the planned $310,000,000 of railroad
construction and building in New York and Chicago
that 1 will be exterminated, but the blight will fall
upon construction everywhere and in every city. In
Chicago the owner of a building under construction
was-notified by the labor unions concerned to change
contractors and iake one 'that the unions dictated
when the work was half finished. This exaction was
submitted to. Then the owner was compelled to
pay to the unions a fine of $1 per thousand on the
brick that had been used in the building and the work
was suspended until this exaction was submitted to.
There were no reasons given beyond an exhibit of
the power to enforce the demands made. In this
way the cost of construction has been increased and
its progress hampered until investors and contractors
are tired of the risk and so they will quit.
Investors in business buildings in cities arrange
their leases in advance. Their prospective tenants in
turn arrange to give up their present quarters and
the landlord jn his turn arranges f6F~new lessees.
In countless cases these erratic interruptions of con
struction so drag out the 'completion of buildings
that the time limit .of the leases expires, but the
prospective lessees have agreed to give up their pres
ent quarters and their successors are waiting to take
them; so it occurs that men are thrown out of busi
ness and have to sacrifice their stock and suffer great
loss and in some cases ruin, all bji reason of the in
terference of the walking delegate with construction.
It is a. case of putting upon that form of production
a greater burden than it will bear, and the loss goes
back and blights all dependent .forms of production,
and so hard times begin.
It was hoped that union labor would be admon
ished by the exposure of Murphy, Parks and other
walking delegates. But instead of that the unions
have voted to them the same confidence and leader
ship in convict stripes that they enjoyed in plain
clothes, and this has been the determining cause of
the canceling of $310,000,000 in contracts for con
structive production.
THE only cloud above the financial horizon is
the prospective withdrawal of capital from
constructive enterprises.
Construction of railroads and buildings is a form
of production. It goes back to the raw material, the
ore, flux and fuel to produce metal and the^stone
and the clay; to the lead and the flax plant that com
bine in paint, and to the various pigments used; to
the silica and soda for glass, and. to the timber in its
various forms that enters into construction and to
the, skilled processes by which each is reduced to use
ful form. When construction is. planned it promotes
all activities clear back to the primitive forms of all
the materials used. When construction ceases those
activities cease, and then is the paralysis, of non use.
That paralysis we call "hard times." Its effects fall
first and hardest upon labor, for construction,: being
a form of production that stimulates all other forms
by its consumption of them, is the goose that lays
the golden egg for labor. ' Therefore labor should be
advised not to kill that goose, for it is now chasing
her arou.nd.the national barnyard, ax in hand, to cut
off her head and rip her open:
Already the railroads' of the. United States have
announced their abandonment of construction planned
for next year that called for the payment of $180,000,
000, giving as a reason the burdens laid upon such
production by the labor situation. In New York
buildings' planned for erection next* year at a cost
of $60,000,000 and buildings in Chicago to cost $70,
000,000 are abandoned for the same reason. Owners
of such prospective buildings and contractors for their
erection find it Unsafe . to proceed, for they don't
know when they may touch a live wire in the labor
MONDAY SEPTEMBER 14, '1903
.
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. ,M
. re rets i I' Ccmmunlcctlons to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
TELEPHONE.
Ati iji- THE CALL The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
II ni.lCATION OFFICE. . ..Market and Third. S. F.
'•JUIToniAL BOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week, 75 Ct«.
Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Ternst by M«J1. Including Postage (Cash With Order):
2AILT CALL (Including Sunday), one year $S.O©
DAILT CALL ttBelufilns Sunday;. « montbi 4.00
DALLT CALL— By Eloxle Month T**
ECXDAX CALL. Oa« Ye«r 2.5O
>\ EEkLT CALL. On* Tew 1<O °
f Dtl'.y... f8.8O Per Te«r Extra
0 REIGN FOeTAOB { Ennfl*y~ 4.15 Per T«*r Extrm
t Weekly.. I.OO Per Tear Extra
All Postmaster* are authorised to r«eelT«
subscriptions.
Ettnpla ecplet will be forwarded when requested.
JUtl tubeerlbera in ordering ehang« of •AAnum should b«
ctrtlcttUx to *1v« both KEW AXD OLD ADDKEBS In order
:o insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
1118 Broadway Telephone Main 1O83
BERKELEY OFFICE.
ri4S Center Street Telephone Iforth 77
C. GEORGE KHOCMiSJ. Maaagtr Foreign AdTer-
J>lnc, Marqnette Balldlnjr, Chicago.
(Lcnc DUtance Telephone "Central 2819.")
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
HUHTON E. CRAMS 1406 G Street. l». W.
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
*TErUKX B. SMITH SO Tribune Bvildlng
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT: \
f. C. CARLTOX Herald Square
NEW TOP.K NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brenta.no. 31 Unicn Square;
Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue Hotel ani Hoffman House.
nn A\rH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery, corner cf Clay, open
aettl • :S0 o'clock. SOO Hayes, open antll s:S0 o'clock. 63S
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. CIS Larkin, open until
8 30 o'clock. 1041 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2201
Utrkf., iorr.fr Sixteenth, open until 8 o'clock. 1096 Va
>r.c!a. open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
c'clcck. NE. ccrr.tr Church and Duncan streets, open
uctil a o'clock. SW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky,
open until P o'clock. 1200 Fillmore. open until 8 o'clock.
THE GOOSK AND THE GOLD EGG.
It is seldom, that we hear from old Tuolumne, but
when we do the news is well worth the reading. She
now is bubbling with excitement over a duel, a trag
edy ami a mystery all blinched in one. Any one of
these incidental affairs of community life, much less
the three, would, be enough to set San Francisco agog
for a day.
The forests of the continent are making their last
stand here. Here therefore should be concentrated
the efforts of the friends of the forest to preserve
what we have and begin the creation of more, for
not elsewhere in the world is the forest as important
to every material interest of the people.
But the planting of trees for a forest crop is a new
thing with our people. They know all other sorts of
planting for crops which our lands produce, but this
is novel. As soon as they are instructed they may be
depended upon to take it up with enthusiasm and
intelligence. A forestry school in the university
would be of material benefit in this matter, and Mr.
Pinchot's promotion of that foundation is highly ap
preciated.
The Philadelphia Record is urging replanting of the
slopes of the Alleghany Mountains in that State.
Lumbering and fire have stripped them and the ef
fect on moisture and the climate is disastrous. The
land that has been laid bare is useless for agriculture
and useful only for arboriculture. Actual experiment
has shown that much of this denuded land will in
twenty years produce a merchantable crop of black
walnut yielding $1000 per acre or a value of $25 per
year for the time employed in producing the crop.
For about ten years of that tpe a nut crop is pro
duced that will pay interest on the investment. If
planted thirty feet apart each acre will bear fifty
trees. As the crop approaches maturity another may
be planted on the same land, so that the yield is made
constant. Large walnut timber in the natural forest
now sells at $3000 per acre, and there is no, prospect
that this timber will decrease in value. ;
Mr. Gifford Pinchot has been urging the replanting
of our denuded forest lands in California. He is one
of the foremost authorities on forestry in the world,
and California will get much of value, from his in
struction. There are two policies of vast importance
to the present and future of this State in which he
can assist us. One is the prevention of forest fires,
which destroy the standing crop and the forest-pro
ducing character of the land and the other is the re
planting of lands that have been stripped. In our
foothills and mountains are millions of acres, once
timbered and now covered with chemisal, manzanita
and coffee bush, useless for agriculture and horticul
ture, which can be made to bear timber. If Mr.
Pinchot succeed in getting the work of replanting at
some point where it serves as an object lesson the
owners of these lands will be induced to replant them.
True, it may be said that the crop is of slow growth
and the man who plants may not harvest. But as
soon as the growth of the crop is established the
lands have value, and this will increase until the crop
is ready to cut. The soil is especially fitted for the
growth of coniferous trees and the yellow and sugar
pine grow here more rapidly than elsewhere, so that
we have the best conditions for reforesting and a
prospect of the quickest retur-n. . .
THE spread of a right conception of the pur
pose of scientific forestry is very gratifying to
those who pioneered the cause in this country.
The Eastern press has recently made quite a specialty
of forestry, with the result that former timber lands
not fit for agriculture are now considered of value
for raising timber and are being planted for wood as
a crop.
The hill country and mountains of New England
and the Middle States, once timbered but now bare,
are being put into white and yellow pine, black wal
nut and even oak, the slowest growing of all. In
the South it is probable that the eucalyptus will flour
ish and it. is evident th;t. we are not yet aware of the
economic value of many of the varieties of that tree.
It flourishes in California and makes a rapid growth
and has been found of value for fuel. There are
about forty varieties of this tree and in Australia
many of them are used for piling and for dimension
timber. 'The leaves and bark arc rich in essential oil
that has been found of therapeutic value and enters
into many medicinal preparations useful in^ diseases of
the respiratory system.
WOOD AS A CROP.
ADMIRAL DEWEY THINKS THE NORTH
ATLANTIC FLEET IS NOT FORMIDABLE
to keep whisky out of reach of her negroes and her
reckless whites during this period of her develop
ment, and to that extent, therefore, the crusade for
total abstinence is an encouraging symptom of
Southern life.
THE SAN FRANCISCO ¦ CA-Lii- MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, 1903.
William Mackabee, an inmate of, the Naval Home in Phil
adelphia, celebrated his 100th birUiday September 5 last. He
was born In Baltimore in 1S03 and entered the navy at the
age of 14, years, serving as an apprentice on the Constitution.
He 'was always before the mast and entered the home about
thirty-five years ago. Mackabee is the oldest veteran of the
American navy.
.The engineer officers In the United States navy are rap
idly diminishing,- the loss since July. 1S98, being sixty-nine.
Five years ago there were 210 and on July 1 last there were
only 141. . The available . number for sea duty is -now 125.
.whereas Jt was 199,in 1898. In. the course of ten years there
will be only about fifty officers in the former engineer corps
for sea service and- tho deficiency will have to be. supplied
from the regular line officers, who have a superficial knowl
edge of marine engineering, and from . the warrant machin
ists' corps..
There are , 136 officers in the navy eligible for retirement
as-rear- admirals during the ten years up to 1914. . Of this
number, twenty-four are rear admirals,- seventy-fonr : captains,
thirty-one i commanders.' one , medical' .director and six pay
directors. .'-The personnel -law .-. of March. 3, 1899, provided:
••That! any officer of the : navy wftn a creditable record, who
served, during the Civil War, shall, when retired, be ¦ retired.
The above fleet is remarkable only because of its non
homogeneity. Only three of the battleships could be depended
upon to set the pace at fifteen knots. The five battleships
and two protected cruisers constituted the sole fighting force,
as the four cruisers are converted merchant steamers, any one
<jf which may be sunk by a fourteen-pound shell fired at a
distance of one mile. Of the four gunboats, the Newport is
the only bona fide navy vessel, the Topeka being rather an
tiquated, and the other two . are converted yachts. The ap
pellation of dispatch-boat' to the Dolphin, of thirteen knots,
is.a misnomer, and the three training ships are built of wood
-and of no possible, use in a naval engagement. This list of
twenty, named vessels closes with the sailing ship Monon
gahela. Admiral Dewey should have no fear that any ir
responsible writer would ever think of comparing* the above
fleet with those of foreign navies, for there is a limit to a
reporter's Imagination as well j as to the credulity of the pub
lic. In ¦. two years , hence, however, we may be able to make
as good a shqwing as Germany.
In addition to the above vessels there were also five de
stroyers, three tugs, eight colliers and supply vessels, mak
ing a total of thirty-six craft of . all kinds.
The French armored cruiser Jules Ferry, building in dock
at Cherbourg, was to be floated on August 25. Five vessel
of this type, Identical in all particulars, are befngr built
in dockyards and are making good progress. Each of these
cruisers is to be 482.29 feet In length, 72.13 feet beam and 12,600
tons displacement on a draught aft of 2S.9 feet, on which tne
normal coal carried is 1320 tona. The triple-screw engines are
to develop 27,500 horsepower, to give a speed of 22 knots. The
armor belt, extending all around the ship, is to have a max
imum thickness of 6.9 Inches, tapering to 4 inches at the enda.
and the armored deck Is to be 1.77 inches on. the flat. The
armament will consist of four 7.6-lnch. sixteen 6.4-lnch, twenty
3- pounders, four and five toperdo tubes, two of
which latter are, submerged. The average cost of these ships.
is estimated at $5,875,000. The Jules • Ferry . is - to receive her
armor from a float alongside the ship instead of by the
usual method of putting It on while on the stocks in dock,
the chief advantage being that It makes the dock available
for other uses not less than six months ahead o£ ta« u«ui:
release .
The annual naval maneuvers of the German navy began
August 15 and were to terminate September 15. Fifty-four
vessels of all types are participating in the exercises, whicn
Include sham battles and a long distance run from WUhelm
shafen around Skagerak into the Baltic and terminating at
KieL s
« • • *
The British Admiralty recently sent a circular letter to th©
several dockyards and shore stations, requesting' the view3
of those in authority as to the practicability of emnloylng 1
women as copyists, flagmakers. upholsterers, etc. The ma
jority of the replies were not favorable to the employment
of women on work done by men.
The tactical exercises of the British fleet off Lagos Bay
began August 18 and continued six days. The fleet, consist
ing of twenty-flve battleships, thirty-eight cruisers and all
of the Mediterranean torpedo flotilla, was divided in divis
ions under the command of one .admiral, two vice admirals
and five rear admirals. The purpose of these operations has
been to enable each of the admirals to have the opportunity
of handling the great force In tactical evolutions in order to
illustrate their individual qualities. Incidentally, but not
less important, was the severe test to which each ship-'waa
put In steaming at full speed a distance of 800 miles.
• • •
The cigarette habit among the youngsters on board tha
training ships at Portland, England, has spread to such an
extent as to cause the officer In charge to resort to drastio
measures. He has closed up a number of tobacco shops and
threatened other stores with similar method of stopping the
supply of cigarettes to the boys of the six training ships
located in the harbor, besides three others making Portland
their headquarters at the end of their cruises. A3 In the
case of Bremerton, on this coast, the business men of Port
land will have to comply with the request of the naval au
thorities or lose the profitable trade of 3000 officers, men and.
boys. ffSTaS
The sailors and marines on the battleship Muino are not
desirous of serving on that ship and resort to all sorts of
methods to get out of "Old Heine," as they have nicknamed
It. More than 200 sailors are reported to have deserted sines
the ship came to Philadelphia five months ago- for repairs,
and not one "answered to the call for. volunteers posted up
at League Island. Sailors seem to think that the "hoodoo"
on the Texas has been transferred to the Maine or that
there are now two hoodoo ships in the navy. The case of;
the. Texas is one to upset the nerves of such susceptible peo
ple as sailors. Faulty construction necessitated a new bot
tom and new gun deck and a continued series of accidents
due to mismanagement made "the sailors shy of the ship.
But the defects in the Maine are due to causes that have
been remedied and it Is somewhat premature to stigmatize
the ship as a "hoodoo."
with the rank and three-fourths of the sea pay of the next
higher grade." Nineteen officers who entered the Naval
Academy during 1864 will be eligible for retirement aa rear
admirals even If the last one of these — J. A. H. Nickels, who
retires January 12. 1911 — does not reach the higher grade prior
to his retirement. The Navy Department has ruled that a
midshipman on probation, serving on one of the cruising
vessels of the Naval Academy, was performing war service,
and under this liberal construction of the law some have
already been retired with the highest rank and pay, placing
them on the same footing as such bona fide war veterans aj
Gherardl, Benham, Ramsay, "Walker and many othera.
• DM I RAL DEWEY, in a letter published in the Navy
/\ League Journal, calls attention to the list of American
g\ naval vessels "which with some difficulty have been
assembled on the coast of Maine for tlie summer ma
neuvers of this year." The admiral goes on to say: "It -will
be heralded to the world- by ignorant journalists as a force^
able to cope with any fleet afloat, and a few of the irre
sponsible writers will think of comparing it with the evolu
tionary squadrons of Great Britain, France and Germany."
Following Is a list of the ships In the North Atlantic fleet
referred to by Admiral Dewey:
ADMIRAL GEORGE DEWEY OF THE UNITED STATES NAVY, WHO WAS NOT FAVORABLY IMPRESSED BY
THE EFFECTIVENESS OF THE NORTH ATLANTIC FLEET THAT RECENTLY ENGAGED IN SUMMER
MANEUVERS OFF THE COAST OF MAINE.
4Buy your watches at Lundy's, 4 Third
street and 7S2 Market street. v^egaSLSJfi
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 CalU
fornla street Telephone Main 1042. ••
Richardson, charging him with conspir
acy to defraud the Government.
Speaking of the connection Richardson
had with the placing of the contrivance
under contracts from the Postofflce De
partment, Attorney Samuel Knight, who
will defend Erwin, said yesterday:
••Erwin and Richardson went back to
Washington together in 1S99, Erwin act
ing as sponsor for the latter In his efforts
to bring the postal device before the eyes
of the authorities in the department.
After Erwin had introduced Richardson
to Machen, Beavers and other?, he with
drew from proceedings as far as the mat
ter of gaining contracts was concerned,
nor did he have any hand 'in the report
ed distribution of stock among the Wash
ington officials. If Erwin did not do this,
who did? Erwin did not realize that he
was receiving his shares out of the 1000
claimed to have been set aside for the
promotion of the success of the scheme;
if he had he could not* have seen any evil
There are those in this city who do not
hesitatefto adversely criticize Richard
son's actions in the matter. It is a
fact ythat he went back *. to Wash
ington in November, 1S99, with the in
tention of bringing th« postal device
before the eyes of the Government
and at that time relied upon Er
win's wide acquaintance and favorable
reputation among the officials to become
introduced to them and float his scheme.
Erwin entered into the spirit of the work
with a vim, both through his friendship
for Richardson and v his interest as part
Inventor of the contrivance.
The device once accepted, the letter box
company- thrived. Of the Montague,In
dicator and Letter Box Company, the
first company which controlled the out
put, W. W. Montague - was president.
Then when the company was relncor
porated under its present title, with 40,000
shares, Richardson became its president
and it is stated by smaller stockholders
of the concern that he has received dtvi
dends amounting In the neighborhood of
$(I>00. Erwin, the man who helped perfect
the patent /contrivance and was instru
mental in getting Richardson a favorable
hearing in its interests before the Wash
ington, 1 authorities, was given a blocfe of
600 shares from which he has realized
just • $96. • Now comes his _, indictment,
served on ,the . undoubted testimony of
the Potrero. Factories that are about
to be built there will not be built for tlie
reason that It will be impossible to ship
goods by -the water route. Vessels can
lay in the China Basin and load goods
from neacby. factories provided Sixteenth
street is^ not; closed to heavy travel, if
It is closed a hardship will be worked on
property owners in the Mission^ and Po
trero\and many -blocks of land, how held
on option 'by .manufacturing plants, will
be abandoned."
Since the first shock of the news that
former Superintendent of Special Deliv
ery for San Francisco James W. Erwin
had been Indicted by th-3 Federal Grand
Jury at Washington for alleged conspir
acy to defraud the Government and had
been removed from office, postal officials
and the many friends of Krwin in this
city have been unanimous in expressing
their su*f»r!se and Indignation at the step
of the Eastern judicial body and have
been ready to voice their theories as to
how such action could have been taken.
And there is the persistent query: "Where
is Superintendent Daniel S. Itichardson?"
On August 27 the superintendent of the
San Francisco Postoflice suddenly depart
».w for Washington upon an urgent call
•from the Fostoiflce Department. Shortly
afterward the Federal Grand Jury for
the District cf, Columbia held an Inves
tigation Into the affairs of the Postal De
vice and Improvement Company, togather
wiih other supposed frauds which were
being perpetrated upon the Government.
The evidence is conclusive that Richard
son, president of the San Francisco Let
ter Box Device Company, was called be
fore the Grand Jury and rnadp to tell
all that he knew about the concern. On
Thursday the Grand Jury made public an
indictment .ugainst James W. Erwin,
among' others. Richardson had then left
Washington. Since that time he has not
been seen.
Friends of the Former
Official Are Strong in
Condemnation.
THINK ERWIN
IS UNJUSTLY
SINGLED OUT
„ "From the point where the proposed spur
tracks branch out from the main line
south of Sixteenth street is a distance of
about' 400 feet to the north side of Six
teenth street. 'If the company begins its
spur i tracks north of Sixteenth street it
would be of ; vast to property
owners and manufacturers who propose
locating:; in the Potrero.
- "If the plans of the railroad are allowed
to *,be . carried ; out ' and . Sixteenth . street
practically closed > to i heavy travel, there
will be no chance" for improvements in
"This matter has only come up in the
past twenty-four hours and I do not sup
pose that any of the Supervisors have
been cognizant of the result to property
owners, in the Potrero if the railroad is
granted permission to build a number of
track* across Sixteenth at the point in
dicated on the map. -
WILL WORK GREAT INJURY.
"If the Southern Pacific Company Is al
lowed to build a number of tracks across
Sixteenth street, between Kentucky and
Sixth streets, it will render the Potrero
absolutely valueless for manufacturing
purposes. It will be impossible for teams
heavily laden to cross the tracks and
equally impossible to cross the proposed
bridge over the tracks, on account of the
heavy grade to the bridge~approach.
"The map shows that the spur lines of
the company commence to "fan out' 1 on
the company's property south of. Six
teenth street, thence crossing: the street
mentioned and enter the company's yards
north' of Sixteenth street. If the plans
of the railroad are changed by the StJ*
pervlsors so that the lines will commence
to "fan out" north of Sixteenth street. It
wHl make a > vast difference to property
owners.- It is possible for heavily laden
teams to cross over one or. two tracks,
but when It comes to crossing ( ovet--ten
or more tracks It Is out of the question.
"A large number of manufacturing
plants are to be located in the Mission
and Potrero districts and these will nat
urally do considerable shipping by water,
provided teams can easily travel from
the factories to the, water front.
••Sixteenth street is a public highway
and is now open as far ns. Eighth street
and will be graded to the 'water front in
a time. It Is the only natural outlet
for heavy teani3 from the Mission and Po
trero to the water front. Teams cannot
rSuch the bay by Mariposa or Solano
streets, which are riouth of -Sixteenth
street, as these streets cross high hills. -
water front and that products of facto
ries will have to be shipped by the rail
road and not by the cheaper and compet
ing water haul. ,
In Its application for the bay / 3hore
franchise the Southern Pacific Company
agrees to build a brid?e over Sixteenth
street, between Kentucky and Sixth
streets, the grade to the approach to the
bridge not to exceed C per cent.
WAGO1JS MUST CLIMB GRADE.
The use of th's graded approach to the
bridge will be impossible for heavy teams
and only foot passengers and light wag
ons will be ableyto travtl from the Po
trero to Central Basin on the water front.
The section of the proposed bay shore
ordinance, referring to sidetracks, spur
tracks and connecting trae'es. says that
the railroad shall be empowered to "croa3
Sixteenth street diagonally, west of the
west line cf Kentucky street." and fur
ther says, "snid running thence northerly
and easterly acres?. Sijct'xr.th street, be
tween Sixth street and Kentucky street,
with ten or more single tracks. Into the
yards and property of^said company."
A well-known citizen and property own
er. In speaking of the proposed bay shore
franchise, said yesterday :
"If the Southern Paclficj Company is
granted the right to lavy a number of
spur tracks across Sixteenth, street, be
tween "Kentucky and Sixth streets, it will
practically close Sixteenth street to all
heavy teams that may desire to reach the
water front from the M:ssion s*id Po
trero. The railroad. company owns con
siderable property in "that district. The
map shows that It owns th? blocks bound
ed by Pennsylvania. Mariposa, Kentucky
and Sixteenth streets. On these blocks
the car repairt shops are to be located.
The companyHuso owns the blocks bound
ed by Sixteenth, Kentucky. Fourth, Chan
nel and Sixth streets. The Supervisors
have closed a number of streets at the
request of the railroad company and
there has been but little objection from
the property owners.
UNABLE TO BEACH THE BAY.
THE ordinance for the proposed
bay shore line of the Southern Pa
cific Railroad will come up before
the Board of Supervisors to-Uay
and ft is not likely to be adopted
without a protest from mary property
owners in the and Potrcro dis
tricts.
The Street Committee of the Supervis
ors held a ?r^cial nrfeetingr last Saturday
for the purpose of drafting the ordinance
which, with a few exceptions. Is similar
to the wetltion for the franchise filed by
the railroad company.
According to a prominent real or.tate
man there fa B "joker" of magnitude in
tho railroad's application for the bay
shore franc'iise ar.d the intention of the
railroad is to cut off competition by water
from any business that may be located
in the future in the Mission and Po-»*ero
districts.
A glance at the map filed with the rail
road's application for ihe bay shore
franchise shows that a number of spur
tracks are to cross Sixteenth street be
tween Kentucky and Sixth streets. If
these are built it is said that all egress
from the Mission and Potrero manufac
turing districts will be cut off from the
MAP OF THE POTRERO SHOWING A NETWORK OF TRACKS THAT THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC RAIL
ROAD WILL CONSTRUCT AT THE CROSSING OF SIXTEENTH STREET IF THE REQUISITE PERMIS
SION IS SECURED, PRACTICALLY CLOSING THAT THOROUGHFARE.
'A •'¦•.. ¦ /
THE SAN FBANCISCO CAIili, MONpAY, SEPTEMBER 14. 1903.
Plans to Lay Many Tracks Across Sixteenth Street
Will B^r Heavy Travel From Reaching the Bay
and Force Shipments of Factories to Railroad
SEE A "JOKER " FOR SOUTHERN PACI FIC
IN PROPOSED FRANCHISE IN POTRERO
5
signlflcance in it at the time."
Yesterday's mall from "Washington
failed to/ bring the certified copy of ths
Indictment to District Attorney "Wood
worth. ,It is expected to arrive to-day, at
which time United States Marshal Shin©
will serve it upon Erwin and collect the
bail, which will be stipulated in the
"Washington advices. The preliminary
hearing: before Court Commissioner Hea
cock will probably be commenced Imme
diately. At a late hour last night It was
learned that Richardson was somewhere
in the State of Washington.
Townsend's California glace trult» and
candles. 50c a pound. In artistic ftre
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st, above Call bid*. •
I LAST DAY "
OF THE
! THIS AFTERNOON AT 2 ,
TO-NIGHT AT 8
i RIIVGL1IMG BROS.'
; WORLD'S GREATEST SHOWS.
LAST 6 NIGHTS.
MATINEES WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY.
HENRY a MILLER
HARGAREf ANGLIN
: First Time H^re,
!"THB AFTERMATH,"
An A<Jxptat <jn by Henry Miller of George
• Ohnrt'e No\«I. '"Le Maltre des Fortes."
Next Monday — Tb* Merrr Musical Succ'ps,
"PR1NCB OF PILSEN."
By Pixley A: I^uders. Authors or "King Dodo."
SEATS READY THURSDAY.
iZiidy st.. Above Maeon.
POSITIVELY LAST SIX NIGflT^.
The XVth Century Morality Play.
; EVERYMAN
: '¦
Farewell Matlne«s, Thurs. and Sat. at 3.
Rftmril S*cts. $1. $1 50 and $2. -
Box Offlc*. Sherman, Clay ft Co.'s.
| Comics — AUGUSTA COTTLOW. Pianiste.
j
MISCELLANEOUS.
1792 1303
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND APPAIB3
OF THE
; Insurance Company
i OF NORTH AMERICA
(FOUNDED A. D. 1732)
OF PHILADELPHIA, IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the ai« day of Decem-
ber, A. D. IMS, and for tho year ending on
I thai day. as msilp to the Iiisurance Commis-
• tioner oi the £t*te of California, pursuint to
! rhe r>rcv;s;ori« of Sections 010 an<J <U1 of the
I Pciltioa! Cr«1e. ccndcnrcJ as per blank fur-
¦ nished Ly tlie Coraaiifsioner.
| Capital 53.000.000 00
; Amount of >:a; :t.il Stock raiJ up
in Cash 3.000,000 00
ASSETS.
; Heal Estate owned by Company.. $725,500 00
| Lcan B oi! Dcnds arJ M.,rtga«es.. i.loO.SjOi 29
i Cash Mark*-! Value of all Stocks i -¦- -
i ond Bcr.Us c-.vne-i by Company. 5.731, 750 00
: Amount oi i/oans secured by
ptedxe of Dcad3, Stocks and
olh«r rnnrketEbie securities as
collateral/ S21.4CO 00
Oe«h in Ccmpar-y's Office 10,:W7 CO
tji«h In iijnlta 1,1-17,105 25
interest due and accrued on
BondH and Mortgage* 7,€27 30
; Pr»mitim« In due Course of Col-
lection 0SG.5S2 44
Billc receivable, not Matared,
taken for F.re and Marine
K;ek« SS.rteS 10
I ];¦>• k accounts due company 4,2C-'l S6
! D-j* from other Companies for re-
lneurance on losses already paid 590 57
Tctal Auets $10 ««4.1S3 CO
LIAKILITIES.
losses s<5justea and unpaid $US.C«» 27
i^o^ses -n r>rcvr«s of Adjustment
or in Pufpen'e 069,612 70
! I>3SBe9 resisted. including «-
penfes ., * 49.718 03
i Gross rjremium« en Fire Klskj
. running one >rar or le«». $.1.-
277 'J77 "^>; rf'.nsurance 50 per
! cent 1.C2S.3SS fc-S
I Gross Dremiums on Fire Risks
$n OyS.430 29: reinsurance' pro
rata 2.008. 43J 23
' Gross oremiums on Marine T;nr»
< Risks $ ; relnsaran«« 50
I per cer.t t — .".C2.119 00
! "Amount reclalmablp by the In-
sured on perpetual fire inaur-
: ance policies — 769.411 lft
J Cash dividends remaln!ngr v .ur.pa!d r.O CO
i Due and accrued for salaries.
rent, etc 46,546 R8
All other liabilities C0,4.°.3 5$
Total Liabilities *3.733.ttH 5<3_
INCOME. "
Vet cash actually received for
Fire premiums }4.S91,33t 43
Net cash actually received for
Marine premiums 1.S3S.619 78
Received for Interest on Bonds
and Mortgages 70,949 42
! Received for interest and divi-
dends on Bonds. Stocks. Loans
i and from all other sources 2.VT.R43 S3
' received for Rents 42.<H4 44
Received from all other sources.. , s 211,521 21
Total Income $7,415,713 17
EXPENDITURES.
Net innount paid for Fire Losses |2,S2S,417 55
Net' amount paid for Marine
Losses l.«17.855 41
(Dividends to Stockholders :.;:», 910 (»)
: Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage 1,352,634 64
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 394,212 24
Paid for State. National and
Local taxes 159,379 00
All other payments and expendi-
tures 375,645 54
Total Expenditures *6,413.OS4 38
Fire. , Marine.
Lo««es Incurred
during the year.$2,707.817 55 $1,159,855 41
Risks and Premiums. I Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
¦written durlDff the I
year |594,679,472!$6.293.041 37
Net amount of Risks .
i expired during* the
Wear 589.711.343 B,8C9,763 42
Net amount In force
December 31. 1902. 617. 467.1961 7.276.476 64
Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written durir.c the
year $392.6(», 705 $2,183,363 21
Net amount of Risks
erplred during- the
year 391.358,118 2.) 33, 497 46
Net amount In force
December 81.. 1902. g.505.614 362,119 00
CHARLES PLATT. Pres't.
OREVILLE E.FRTER.-'Sec^y.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 16th
day cf January,* 190.1.
RIC1TD. H. REILLY. Notary Public.
Losses Paid Since Organization, $111,857,074.87
JAMES D. BAILEY, General Agent
412 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
GEO. H. MURDOCH &. SON, City Agents,
Weak Men and Women
CHOULD USE DAMIAN A BITTERS, THE
, ' c ' Great Mexican Remedy; Rives health and
, Hrcnrih to sexual organs. Depot, 323 Market.
Mrs. Anderson,' a prdminent society
woman of Jacksonville, Fla., daughter of
Recorder of Deeds, West, who witnessed
her signature to the following letter, praises
Lydia E* Pinkham' s Vegetable Compound*
/ " Dear Mrs. Pinkham : — TheTe are but few wires and mothers who
have not at times endured agonies and such pain as only women know.
I wish such women knew the value of Lydla 13. Pinkh&m's Vegetable
Compound. It is a remarkable medicine, different in action from any
I ever knew and thoroughly reliable.
" I have seen cases where women doctored for years without perma-
nent benefit, who were cured in less than three months after taking your
Vegetable Compound, while others who were chronic and incurable
came oiit cured, happy, and in perfect health after a thorough treatment
with this medicine. I have never used it myself without gaining great
benefit. A few doses restores^ my strength and appetite, and tones up
the entire system. Your medicine has been tried and found true, hence
I fully endorse it." — Mrs. R. A- A2rc>ER3ox, 225 "Washington St- Jack*
Bonviii?, Fia.
Mrs. Bsed, 2425 E. Cumberland St, Philadelphia, Pa., says t \
>{jSskk "Dear Mrs. Pixkham: — I feel it my duty
j«rfgp§|p||*jk to write and tell you the good I have received
/TfS^^^^^^. from I-ydia E. Piivkham's Vegetable Com*
& &C$J $2?& "I have been a great sufferer with femala
fa^^P^"^ *ly trouble, trying different doctors and medicines
IjU^i^i *** Kf "with no benetit. Tv/o years ago I went under
tfj£3kp&sfa f*^\ *J an operation, and it left me in a very weak
g^^^ *-c=^ / condition. I had stomach baciache,
w||^l$f!v JL headache, palpitation of the heart, and was very
ft^d-i^'*"!. %rw-^-^<^Js. nen*ou3; in fact, I ached all over. I find
yL^^^^ra^arj^^^ yours is the only medicine that reaches
» %j'A \\ jV vW^Mi^r^ suc^ troUDles » nnd would cheerfully rec-
fi^W'll v ommend Lydia E.Pinkham's Vegetable
if H\ /^ i\ ' Compound to all suffering women."
. \Vhpa vrcaifn are troubled with irregnlar or painful menstruation, weak-
lcn-jorrhrca. displacement or tilccration of the womb, that bearing-down
feeling 1 , inflammation of the ovaries, backache, flatulence, general debility,
indigestion, and nervous prostration, they shonld remember there is one tried
end true remedy. T^ydia E. Pinkhani's Vegetable Compound At oats
removes such troubles.
Tho experience and testimony of some of the moct noted
women of America sro\to prove, beyond a question, tbat Lydia E.
Pinkbam's Vegetable Compound will correct all such trouble at
once by removing the cause and restoring: the organs to a healthy
and normal condition. If in doubti write Mrs. Pinkham at L.yna r
Mass. as thousands do.
Xo oihennedicine in the world has received such widespread and
unqualified endorsement. No other medicine has such a record of cures
of female troubles. Refuse to buy any substitute.
SF* n!f*n FORFEIT If •«•« cannot forthwith prodnea th« or5jin«l letters aad «Jfa*tar«i mt
l\ i jjlj 1 »oot« t?*tix:oaia!s, which will prove their absolnt« ennaisemeas.
U VViU JLjdia E. Maih.ui llcV.clao Co., Ijnn, Ham.
...TO-NIGHT...
And Also ©a TV«lne«lay, Frtflay and Sunday.
Ever.lr.ss. "
Ver41'» Immortai Oper*. i
IL TROVATORE. i
TuectJ^r, -^hursaay and Sunday Evening. Sat-
unlay MaUnw, BellinJa Great Work.
Lft SONNAMBULA. j
' muz '
KEXT "WEEK — "CAP.MEX" and "THB BAR- !
Bm OP SEVILLE." j
PRICES ALWAYS THE SAME— 25c. iffc. 75c j
7>lephon« Bufh 8. \ |
pAEI^RMra
UpOreAtert LaturMns Piece la i Hitt
Teara. «!
« A. rrlead oi the Tmmily. f '
Fe*t'Jrtn«; George. Bar- k . !
ccm. for yeai-a lradix^ :
<3c:ae<yaa with May Irwia. • !
and AJic« Johnsoa l».«din-
lady of tfc* orlelnil Fr&w- ;
ley Company.
NEXT BXTJfDAT.
T| TES CHAPEUOra. j se»
I 8e*U Now S«Illa«.
HEATR&i
j
B. ROTTSBT*S Latest Spectacular Novdty.
"I3ST PARIS."
As Electrical Beview in Four Tab- j
le&ux; Arcesen; James Richmond ¦
Glenroy; Princess Losoros; Fred- j
eric Bond and Company; Original
Bio Brothers; Almont and Du- j
mont; Fischer and Wacker and the j
Biograph.
R»eerv*d S*at*. 2Sc: BaJcany. 10c; Box Seats :
aad Opera Chair*. 60c.
Be'asco & Mivfr, Proprietors.
Market rt.. n<"»r Eighth. Phone South 533. j
TO-NIGHT. ALL THIS WEEK,
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY,
Macniflcent Produrtion cf the Gcre°ous Mill- j
SCHElfPICKEIS^
An Augmented '"ust p.nd Stage Sftt'.rcs cf .
Oriental Splendor. .
PuIPPv ri<«iTm« tOr to 74-c :
i :'.:vu Matinees We lf<~. -'*? '
STet* of Bept M^AFTEB PARK. :
j
MATXXEES BATCBOAT AN'!) Pl'NDAT.
Every lsd\ ard chili presented with a .
\«>r.ir picture of one cf tho l*c!!arJs*at all '
TCtinrtf
THir.n \vt:nK
POLLARD LILLIPUTIAN 0PES4 CO. ']
to-night.
To-morrcw and \Ve0a."hJa> - XiglitR. tlie Ameri- I
car Version of the
Musical Comedy,
THE LADY SLAVEY
Thursday. Fridav end Saturday Kisbti en-l I
Saturday Matinee. ''THE GEISHA."
PRICl^ — Kveninjr* 15c. £5r. 7.V •
Matinee? 15c. 25c. L(>c [
ALCAZAR^^!
Ce'.asco & Mayer. Proprietcrs. . .Phnn»> Altaxar.
E. D. PniCE. General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— THIS WEEK O.NXT.
Flnt Time Here of
FLORENCE ROBERTS
In Suderrr.ann'* Masterpiece,
...MACDA...
ErcJilagg, C5c to 75c; Fat. Mat., 15c to 50c. |
EVERT THTRSDAT MATINEE
D'ANNUNZIO'S GIOCONDA.
\VHJi.y NIGHT PRICES WILL PREVAIL. I
ART PROGRAMME SOUVENIR.
Next "Week— MISS ROBERTS in
THB ADVENTURE OF THE LADY UP.SULA. \
DID WE STRIKE IT AGAIN???
Juat "Watch the Crowds Pour In.
The New Double Bill — a Tremendous. Big
Seri£a.Uon.
| "The Glad Hand" and "The Con-cnrers" 1 1
Our "All-Star" Cart. Including ,
KOLB AXD DILL,
BARNET BERNARD.
WINTIELD BLAKE,
HARRY HERMSEN.
IQA(. kJ t * AJlO£iXl,
ELEANOR JENKIXSj
RESERVED SEATS— Nights, ffle, V)c and
75c; Saturday &nd Sunday Matinee*. l'5c and
BOc; Children at Matinees. 10c and i5e. >
GRAND H0 E u^
San Francisco Symphony Society,
FRITZ SCHEEL. CONDUCTOR.
NEXT SPLENDID CONCERT.
TCESDAT UTEKSOOV. BEPTEKBEK IB
AT 3:15.
A MacnJOcent Prop»mme Including Selections
From
...PARSIFAL... |
All tickets are good for Tuesdays of the
came week they art dated. /
PRICES. . . .51 60. $1 25. Kte.
Ticket* at Sherman. Clay tc Co."«.
On daj» cf concert* at the Grand Opera
Houre.
JOHN LlFcLAIR
The Artistic Comedy Juffgler. and a
AND
Inspect "CABARET DE LA MORT."
VISIT THE
"MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE"
AVATST7B SIGHT THTURSDAT.
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN. 5c.
tVben Phoning Aek for "The Chntea."
Wf U $1.00 Der Tn
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
FAKE HAIR PREPARATIONS
Do Hair No Good, but Often Cause It
to Fall Out.
Many hnir preparations are "fake" be-
cause they are merely scalp irritants.
Ihoy often cause a dryness. making the
hair brittle, and. finally, lifeles.* Dan-
druff is the cause of all trouble with hair.
It Is a germ disease. The germ makes
euticie scales as it digs to tlie root of
the hair, where it destroys the hair's vi-
tality, causing it 10 fall out. To cure
dandruff the ?erm must be killed. "De-
stroy the caus<?. you remove the- effect."
Newbro's Herplck'e is the only hair prep-
aration that ki'ls the dandruff germ,
thereby leaving the hair to grow luxuri-
antly. Sold by leading drugeripts. Send
10c in stamps for sample to The Herpi-
cide Co.. Detroit, Mich.
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
Ths Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears tho s^TJf //Vf « /*
Signature of (~&a^yy{ <hc^o^U/Z^
For Sores, Hums, Scaldi, / ~^" > *4.^J'bb
Ulcer*. HtngMrorm, T etter, Xk '/'tl M
ErT»lp^l*», Hcal<l Head, S // B ES
Itch, l'hnplM, hlotrhe*, X. I SB
Inflamed Eyelids, Itch- jfT^ 7^~i m
Ing l'Ue», and *U Skin y^t^L I H
HEISKELL'S 1
Ointment 1
They mil yield to its magical Infla»nn»."INthB H
the afieofrd part, nslnx llniktU't Soap, night M
and morning, apply 11 eiskf 11'b Ointment, and H
care follows in a few days. A tall druggists COo. 61
Send for free book of testimonials. . \3
•JOHNSTON, HOLLO WAY Ml CO. fl
S»l Coimero 8fc7 PhlUdelpklm. Jf
Paiarp d on' t fail to
i aiaww sec the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
5111(1 room, the EMPIRE
uuu PARLOR, the
C . A PALM ROOM, the
liniiiQ LOUIS XV PAR-
U1UI1U LOR, and the LA-
n A i A f / , DIES' WRITING
Motels I room
r A l
ST. Sf!^S5^
QolfShirt5pecial
To create a little interest in shirts we shall have a special sale in
this department" this week. . We shall sell some 75-cent shirts for 40c.
They are made of corded percale and madras, and though the
price be low, we can guarantee the colors to be fast. The patterns are
light,and medium grounds with figures or stripes in harmonizing colors.
Ctrffs attached or unattached; sizes 14 to 17; cut full size; can fit
every normal man.
The sale price is
v 4-Oc -
... x Out-of-town orders filled—wriio us. W
718 Market Street
AJJTJSEltKNTS.
j&JDVEBTX5E2CB2rrS»Ascend Mountain In Runabout.
Chicago Defeats Brooklyn by Heavy
Batting in Sixth and Seventh
.•^ Innings.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 13.— St. Louis won the
opening game of a double-header here to-day
after nine sensational Innings from New York.
Up to the last inning New York ha<J the locals
shut out. when a batting rally gave the home
team two runs And the game. The second
Same was called at the end of the ninth in
ning on account of darkness. Ltka th« first,
the second game waa full of excitement. At
tendance. C1C0. Scores:
First game — ' R. H. E.
St. Lnuls J 2 12 1
New York 1 10 O
Batteries — Brown and Ryan; McGinnity and
Second game — R. H. E.
St. Louis 0 IS 2
New York 9 U 9
Batteries — Mo ran and Ryan: Crontn and
Bowerman. Umpires — Johnstone and Moran.
CHICAGO, Sept. 13. — After practically
throwing away the game to-day the locals ral
lied and won by heavy batting In the sixth and
seventh innings. Williams' work, at short for
the locals was the feature. Attendance, 850«>.
Score :
BrpokTyn '""! i*!^"!"!^!"!!^ 4 " 2
Batteries — Welmer and Kllng; Garvtn and
Rltter. Umpire — Krr.sli--.
CINCINNATI, Sept. 13.— Cincinnati had nr>
trouble in taking to-day's game from Boston.
SuthofT was in fine form, allowing Boston only
two hits, while Malarkey's pitching waa pound
ed all over the field. Attendance. 7700. Score:
~ '¦"'."- ""' *• H - E
Cincinnati n 13 o
Boston .'.. O 2 3
Batteries — Suthoff and Pelta; Malarkey and
Moran. Umpire — Hurst.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 13.— The American League
season closed here this afternoon with St Louis
and Chicago-splitting a double-header St
Louis won th» first in the regulation numb*r
of innlnss. but the second was not decided un
til the eleventh. Attendance. 14.000. Score?:
First game — R H E
St Louis... *f L 4
Chicago ; 2 ».-'. 2
lotteries— Powell and Sugden; Patterson an -i
Slattery.
Second game — • " »"¦ n v
St. Louis 3 "' £
Chicago "•-««-••-•••.••••....,... 4 13 0
and a s!fmt^r SteV " 9 " nd K » h °«V White. Owen
ana SU!ii\UTV,
NEW YOBX AND ST. LOUIS
PLAY SENSATIONAL GAME
Bowler. Balls. Runs. Mald'9. W'k't?
W. Petherlck 7» 37 2 2
O. X. "Taylor 102 6.1 O 2
T. W. Tetley 6O 28 1 1
F Bennion 24 13 O O
C. W. Irish 30 24 O , X
Runs at the fall of each wlck»»t: One for -•>.
two for 31. three for 8". four for 105. five for
135. six for 159; seven for 172.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
1 C. W. Irish, c. Petherlck. b. WUkes *
TallMln Evans, b. Wllkes 1
A. W. Wilding, b. Wllkes Z
T. W Tetley. o. Rlchter. b. Wllkea 31
"W". J»ethertck. b. Koberts 2S
F. Bennion. c. Wllkee. b. Johns 27
Dr O. N. Taylor, b. Lannowe 7
W.' J. Rlchter. run out S3
D. Watson, run out 2
J. Mess. b. Wllkes 0
J. F Hal ton. not out .'>
Byes 11. Wides 3. L.e* Byes 2 1«
160
Huns at the fall of each wicket: One for
5. two for 10. three for 13. four for M, five for
95. fix tor 100. seven for 113. elffht for 124, nine
for 123, ten for 160.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
F.owler. Balls. Runs. Maid's. W'k'ts.
E. H. Lannowe.. flu 35 0 1
J. H. Wilkes Ctt 45 0 S
H. Roberts 6»". .TJ 2 1
J. Stewart 42 19 1 0
P. R. Johns U4 15 1 1
T. J. A. TIEDEMAN'S TEAM.
E. H. Lapnowe, b. Taylor.'. 21
F. A. Ptahl. b. Taylor .' H
E. H. Wilkes, b. Tetley U.:
P. R. Johns, c. Rlchter. b. Pethertck HI
H. Roberts, c. Halton, b. Irish S
J. Stewart, run out _
T. J. A. Tiedemann. b. P^therlck 5
Vv*. Jamteson did not bat
T. J. A. Tledeman Jr .1
Byes 8, Leg Byes '_', Wides 2 0
In a most Interesting and exciting finish
T. J. A. Tiedemann'a ttam defeated F.
Bennlon'3 eleven by a dozen runs yester
day on the ground at Webster street, Ala
meda. The victory was due to the fine
Inning of P. R. Johns, who aft«r batting
with great care until he was thoroughly
set hft the bowllnff all over the field,
scoring 81 runs, Including seven 4'a. After
the total of Bennion's side had b«en
passed and the match won he was caught
close up to the pavilion by Rlchter off &
ball sent down by Petherlck.
Bennion's side went to the wickets first,
and after three wickets had fallen for 13
runs Tetley and Petherlck became asso
ciated, the latter belne bowled by Rob
erta for CS runs. Bennion and Tetley kept
up their wickets for some time, the
former scoring 27 .and the latter 31 runs.
W. J. Richter ran up 33, and the Inning
closed for the respectable total of 160
runs. Lannowe and Stahl opened the bat
ting for Tiedemann's side, the j former
scoring 21 runs. When Johns.' Joined
Wilkes runs came steadily, Wllkes scor
ing 33. Johns was not out until the score
of the other side had been passed. The
full details are given herewith:
F. BENNION'S TEAM.
Johns Gives a Pine Display
of Batting, Scoring 81
Runs.
/ .
Tiedemann's Side Wins
After an Exciting
. Finish.
CRICKET TEAMS
IN CLOSE GAME
Lundy carries largest stock 18-k. plain
rings in the city. 4 Third street •
Death of Well-Known Horse Owner
DANVILLE. Ky.. Sep*. 13.-A. P. Bruce
a well known horse owner, died here to^
day of apoplexy. He was a member of
Morgan's command during the Civil War.
SAN JOSE,' Sept. 13.— The Jes3e Moores
made three runs In the fourteenth Inning,
winning the game from San Jose by the
score "of 7 to 4. . Wallman and'Knell were
the pitchers. ;
Baseball at San Jose.
John R. Francis, a longshoreman wa 
placed in a cell at the Detention Ho«nltai
in the City Hall yesterday on the c l
plaint of Mrs. Annie Tulte., who lives
231 Greenwich street. Francis, so sh«
claims, threatened to burn her residence
The threat, together with other oueer an '
tics on the part of the man. ?ed her tn
believe him somewhat demented He will
undergo a medical examination to-dav hv
Drs. McGettigan and RIthera at the City
H all.
Threatened to Burn \he House.
Sacramento .... 0 00 0 0*0 .0 3 2—5
Base hits .:..': 0-0 0 1 0 0 1 4 2—8
Portland ...... .,0 0 .0.0 10 0 11—3
Babe hits •_ .0 2 1 110 3*3— W
RUNS AND HITS BT r INNINGS,
INDIAN PITCHER WEAKENS.
Senators Solve His Delivery in the
Eighth and Win.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 13. — To-day's
game was one of the most interesting of
the Beason. For seven innings the Sena
tors could do . nothing with Indian
Morris' delivery, although two \ hits of
a decidedly scratchy nature were scored
against him. In the, eighth Inning, how
ever, the Senators became accustomed to
his delivery, bunched four hits and scored
three runs. This broke the Ice, and as
two more runs were scored in the ninth it
clinched the victory. Thomas pitched
good, consistent ball throughout. * Score:
Sacramento—
AB. R. H. P.A. . AB. R. H. P.A.
Casey, 2b 4 1 2 4 v 2 Blake, rf 5 2 2 4 0
Hildbd.lf 4 113 0V Brn.cf 5 0250
McLgn.rf 4 1 2 8 0 Nadeu.lf 5 0 1 2 0
Kagan.w 4 112 4 Frnds.3b 5 0 2 1 0
Twnsd.lb 4 0 0 0 0 Hlswth.a 5 1.1 13
6hehn,3b 4 0 12 2 Elsey. lb 6 O 2 7 2
Doyle, cf 4 0 12 » Kaldy.'.b 4 0 13 1
Grhmn, c 1 0 0 2 1 Shea, c 4 0 14 1
Thorns, p 2 1 0 0 2lMorruv P 4 0 1 0 4
Totals 31 5 8 27 11 Totals "42 3 13 27 11
In the first round of nine holes Hooper
beat. Davis, 1 up. The second round the
score stood the same. .When the twenty
seventh hole was reached still no change
had been made in tallying. At the thir
ty-third ¦ hole, however, Davis,, having
taken a brace, had 3 up, 3 to play, to his
credit. \Hooper took another spurt " and
when the thirty-six holes had been played
the two contestants were still a tie. On
the play-off of one hole Hooper won out,
.In the ladles' putting contest for the
Howitt cup : Mrs. R. Gllman Brown de
feated Mrs. G. Roe hy a score of 33 to
40 strokes.
BAN RAFAEL, Sept. 13.— The most ex
citing golf match ever played on the
Happy^Valley links was witnessed this
afternoon by a large crowd of society peo
ple. The match was the final for the
council's cup of the San Rafael Golf Club
between R. J. Davis and E. J. Hooper
over -thirty-six holes.
K. J. Davis and E. J, Hooper a Tie
After Playing Thirty-Six Holes.
Latter Wins in Play-Off.
KEMARKABLE GOLF MATCH
ON HAPPY VALLEY LINKS
LOS ANGELES; Sept. 1.T— Phenomenal
pitching by Corbett and perfect fielding by. his
teammates were the two things responsible for
the. shutout of Sun Francisco in the last game
of the Beries by the score of IS to 0. The
playing of the locals waa as unlike their work
of yesterday as it well could be. They fielded,
ran bases and batted in championship form,
while San Francisco's patched-up field was
weak inr both respects. Lindsey was taken out
after the fifth and Krug tlnished the game In
the box. Attendance, 5<XK>. Score:
Los Angeles — San Francisco —
AB. Tl. II. P.A. AB. R. H. P.A.
Hoy.cf.. 5 2 2 3 0 Lych.s-U 4 O 1 1 0
Whlr,2b. 3 2 13 2 Meany.cf 4 0 0 fi 0
Smith.:ib 4 0.32 Irwin.Sb. 40001
Sples.lb. 5 2 3 9 0 Leahy. lb ."! 0 0 7 1
Crvth.rf. ft 1 1 1 0 Zearfss.c 2 O 1 1 o
Ross.lf.. B 2 2 1 0;Krug,p-s 4 0 14 4
Tomaii.s. 5 2 :{ 1 3'Delms,2b 3 0 0 5 2
Hurlbrt.c R 1 15 l,Ldsy,rf-p 3 0 0 0 0
Corbett.p 3 10 1 4 VVln,lf-rf .3 0 10 0
Totals 40 13 15 27 12* Totals 30 0 4 24*8
RUNS AXD HITS BT INNINGS.
Los Angeles... . . .0 4 0 .t 4 0 O 2 x—\?.
Bose hits 0 4 0 4 4 10 2 x— 15
San Francisco.... 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 — 0
Base hits 0 0 0 11 0 1 1 0—4
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Smith. »SpJew. Toman. Errors —
Krup. Ueltnas, Whalen. Home run — Hurlburt.
Two-baise hits — Zearfoss, Hoy, Smith, Cravath,
Ross. Toman. First base on errors — Los An
geles 2. First base on called balls — Off Llnd
»ey 3, off Corbett 2. Struck out — By Corbett
4.. by Krug: 1. Left on bases — Lo» ..n{tele» 7.
San Francisco U. Hits — Off Lindsey 12 off
Krug a. Wild pitch— Lindsey. Hit by pitcher
— Zeurfoss. Time ot _ame — One hour and 25
minute*. Umpire — McDonald.
Corbett Pitches a Wonderful Game
I for Los Angeles.
UNCLE'S TEAM SHUT OUT.
Stolen bases— -Mahler CJ), Brashear. ' Errors
— McCarthy, Meseerly. Two-baae • hits — Mc-
Curthy, Brai«heai\ Andrew*. Sacrifice hit — St.
Vraln. First base on erroi- — Oakland 1. First
baoe on called balls— Off Moakiman 1. off St.
Vraln 4. Left on Ijumhh — Oakland 3, Seattle 0.
Struck out— By Mosklman 3, by St. Vraln 3.
Hit by pitcher— Wilson. Double play— Wilson
to Mohler./ Time of game — 2 hours. Umpire
—Levy'. ¦
Totals. 34 1 » :;o 1"i Totals. 30 1 4 20 iS
flame called at beginning of eleventh Inning.
RUNS ANU HITS 1IY INNINGS.
Seattle 0 0 I 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—1
Has; lilt* 1 I2O11111 0— tl
Oakland ti 1000OOOO (1 — 1
Ba»f hits 0 2 0 Ol 0 O 0 0 1 — *
SUMMARY.
Both Dr. MoaWman and Jimmy St.
Vraln were about right In the morning
game across the bay. For ten innings
the two pitchers battled fiercely and held
the opposing batsmen at their mercy.
The Cripples got their only run during
the progress of the second inning and the
Seattles created a deadlock in the third,
which remained unbroken until the end.
Oakland had a good chance to win out in
the tenth, when with two on bases and as
many out Gorton came to the bat. He
failed to make good, however, so it was
all off and Levy called the game so that
the players would arrive at Recreation
Park in time for the second contest. The
score:
Seattle— . Oakland—
A B. R. II. P. A . A B. It. II, P. A.
Mohlr,2b 4 1 14 4 Dllara.cf 4 0 <k 0 0
Kmlth, rf 4 0 1 o O'Frncks. « 4 • 0 t> 3 «;
Hr«hr. lb 4 0 8 12 (»|l)evrx.:{b 8 l> 0 0 1
Kinssr.lf 4 O 0 • 1 ' ll'|.chwz,2b 3 0 \l 4 »
JnsnR,3b 4 o » «> _IMurdk.rf 4 11 ?-» o
Andws.cf 4 0 1 1 OiMarly, lb .'I 0 0 13 2
McCrty.n 4 0 2 3 riifiorton, c 4 0 0 3 4
Wlluon, c3 0 1 ft 3 Krugr, If 3 0 2 1 0
PtVran.p 3 0 0 0 .'. Mo«km,p 2 0 0 3 S
STANDINGS OF THE CLUBS.
(Pacific Const League.)
W. L. Pet. W. L. Pet.
Los Anpelea.'.t! .14 .till Portland ...64 77 AZ>\
San Kran...S4 €!) .HJ} 1 Oakland ...<!9 01 .4U
Sacramento. 70 72 .."H Seattle 00 S3'I420
(3). Wilson ("). Francks. Kruger. Two-base
hits —Andrew*. Me*serly, McCarthy. Francks.
Sacrifice hit—FrarickJ. First bas? on errors —
Oakland 1, Seattle 2.' I'lret base on called
balls —Off Graham 0, off Barber 5. Left on
bases —Oakland 4, Seattle 12. Struck out —By
Graham 3. by Harbor 1. Hit by pitcher —
Kniith, Wilson. Passed ?all —Wilson. Wild
pitch—Graham. Time of game —1 hour and 55
minutes'. I'mpire—Levy.
Pitchers Work Well.
Stolen bases — Kagan <2). Doyle. Graham.
Errors — Casey. Eagan. Sheehan. Blake. Na
deau. Three base hits — Hildebrand. McLaugh
lln. Two base hits— Blake, Holllngsworth,*
Elsey. Sacrifice hits — Hildebrand. MeLaugh-
Un. Tpwnsend. First base on errors — Port
land. 4. First base on called balls — Oft Mor
ris. 7. Left on bases — Sacramento. 9; Port
land, 12. Struck out — By Morris, 2. Double
play — Eagan to Casey to Townsend. Time —
Two hours and twenty minutes. Umpire —
O'Connell.
SUMMARY
Stolen bases— O'Hara (2). Errors— Zinssar
Totals. 33 11 13 27 t'l Totals. 30 5 9 24 13
nUNS'.AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Seattle 0 0 0 0 2« 0 2; 1— .5
Base hlt*.......O 0 1 1 0 0 14 2 — 0
Oakland 1 O ft , O O 3 O 2 x— 11
Base hits...... .2 0 4 1 0:1 .2 3 x— 10
1 SUMMARY.
Oakland— | Seattle—
AB. R. H. V. A. AB. R. H.P. A.
OHara.cf ft 2 4 3 : 0'Mchlr,2b 4 0 2 2 2
Prncks.fl 4 2 13 4 Fmlth. rf 4 0 2 4 O
l>evrx,3b 4 18 12 Urahr. lb 3 0 0 6 2
t-'chwz,2b 4 10 0 2 /.lnssr. If ft 0 0.2 0
Uurdk.rf 3 12 3 0 Jn&ng,3b fi 0 0 4. 0
Marly, lb 4 1 2 0 0 Andws,cf 4 1 J 1 0
Oorton.c 4 0 0 4 O'McCrty.s 4 12 2 8
Kruir. If 4 1 0 4 1 1 Wilson, c 3 1 1 33
Orahm.p 1 2 1 O O Barber.p 2 2 1 0 3
masterly pitching.
'Twas an exhibition of bad baseball the
multitude had to face at the Eighth-street
lot. From the third inning on the £ame
belonged to the Cripples. The other men
played as though they would never have
a license to win another game aa long as
they lived. When they did secure a
chance to take a brace they refused to
act, so no one but thempelveu can should
er the blame. Zinssar and Parke Wilson
let In a bunch of runs.
The Cripples opened the game with a
little vim. O'llara smashed out a nice
bingle and Francks sacrlnc?d. Then Dev
ereaux took the kinks out of one of Bar
ber's twister** and Willie landed at the
rubber. In the third the Cripples sud
denly became so strong that they broke
up the game.
Graham, the first man up, waa passed.
O'Hara came through with another drive
to center. Francks forced Graham at
third and O'Hara landed on second.
Devereuux soused out another blngle and
O'Hara scampered hi. Schwartz walked,
lllling the cushions.* Murdock then took
a ride on a fast one and away It went
out to Zlnssar. The sight of so 1 many
young men on a mad stampede over the
sacks seemed., to take all the right out
of the latter. He booted the ball and
then threw it away at the plate. The
whole bunch touched the plate and Mur
dock got as far as third. Messerly con
t.nued the good work by banging out
another one to center. This let Mur
dock In with the fifth run.
In the fifth Graham began to ascent
gently into the loftier regions and the
Seattleites had a swell chance to gel
into the going for about ten runs. But
they were not there.
Buck Francks played one of hla old
time games at short and made one 8top
that was the real cream cheese for
brightness and spectacular effect. There
were runners on first and second and
two out, in the fifth, when the Seattles
threatened to start something. Zinssar
caught one of Graham's speedy twisters
at the end of his bat and It begun to
take a trip out over the infield. ' Francks
made a stab for the ball with his un
gloved mitt, and ere the mob had a
chance to say a word he speared it and
saved the two runners the ,• trouble of
making the trip to the plate. The score:
THE Cripples are in the game for
keeps. That was demonstrated
yesterday when they got away
with all, the glory. They refused
to be beaten. In the morning
they managed to stall off the Seattles and
quit with ihe score 1 to'l at the end of
the tenth round. While the multitude
rooted for the northern bunch at Recrea
tion Park in the afternoon, the Cripples
kept up their two-minute gait and bagged
the game, 11 to 5. .
They took five games out of seven from
Wilson's gathering during the week.
Eight games •were played, one resulting
In a tie. The Seattle men only copped
two and Hughes won both of these by his
OAKLAND'S FAST LEFT FIELDER, WHOSE PHENOMENAL CATCHES HAVE MADE HIM A FAVORITE WITH
THE FANS, AND PARKE WILSON'S NEW PITCHER, WHO APPEARED AT RECREATION PARK YESTER
DAY FOR THE FIRST TIME THIS SEASON.
Faneurs Celebrate.
The popular Fanears Society gave a
picnic yesterday at the Germania Gar
den?. Harbor VK-w, at which a large rep
resentation of the local French colony
and several officers and sailors from the
French cruiser Protc-t were In attendance.
The following members of the c'.ub acted
a« a committee of arrangements: R. Ks
tsrzian, P. Canton, P. Savlgnac, M.
Causse, L. C. Bertin, J. Boscus, U l^i
place and P. Vergez.
Reliance Defeats Stockton.
STOCKTON*. Serjf. 13. -Stockton was de
feated to-day by Reliance in a loosely
fielded game. The eight errors made be
hind Ingalls were accountable for the de
feat. O'Brien pltrhod a good game.
Score: Stockton, 4; Reliance, 11.
SECOND RACE— Lingo, Eva Moe
Mr. Rose.
THIRD RACE— Hargis, Schwalbe,
Brush By.
FOURTH RACE— Brulare, Bessie
McCarthy, Byways.
FIFTH RACE— Patsy Brown, WiU
Ham Wright, Nannie Hodge.
SIXTH RACE— Lord Melbourne,
Compass, Dodie S.
JDELMAR ENTRIES.
PT. LOriS, Sept. 1.1.— Uelmar entries:
First race, four and a half furlongs selling
Ann U.ar M. <J«"niae Waller 95, Black Knough
105. Ache 107. Spenferian »5. Bessie B 95 !_*>!»
Nanct 100. Haster Walters 100. Cardona lOCJ
Kt-rond race, nix furlongs.- selling — Bdna
Lowe 07, Don Ernesto 105, Ultra. Vires 07
Hootch SnufT 107, EMCanaba 97, Cresnlda 102.'
Marchioness 102, Howard P 97, Kedola 107'
Klla Mortimer Ktt. Araxea 97, Georgie Dav
107. ilcxlfl Monarch 100. *
Third race. Hve and a half furlongs, purB*
W. P. Palmer 110. Ingolthrirt 11«. 'Comora 110
IX.n OHIgh 110. Judge Denton 108. Woodi
IVrry "*. Ora McKlnney 110. Our Ullle 110
Major Carpenter 11.1. \Matt Wadleigh 110 Bag
gerly 1(W, Wlswam ftte, Launay 108, Dusty
Mtlltr 113.
Fourth race, seven furlongs, selling Una
Price 100, Orleans 05. Sweet Charity loo Echo
dale loa, Montana Peeress 95, Lynch $>'5 Tom
Crabb 100, Barkelmore 95. Alflo 100. ' Ura
nium 100. ¦> '••'.-¦ ,
Fifth race, «ix furlongs, selling— Bisuka 0"
Goudy 97. Wlneland 107. Whiten t»7, Lou Heach
102, Mathilde t>7. Harry GHfflth 97, Surorise
107. After the Ball 107, Burlap 97, Crime 102
Wilhelmlna »2, Behoove 107. W '
Bixth race, one and a elxteenth miles gell
ing—Daddy Bender 83, Countee* Clara »0 'Deco
ration »«. Exapo 88. Counter Tenor 107* Ken
tucky Cardinal 103. LJndenella 93, Kingntelle 'J>
DELMAB, SELECTIONS.
• By the New York Telegraph.
FIRST RACE— Bessie B, Easier
"Walters, Jessie Weller. .
SECOND RACE — Marchioness
Cressida, Howard P. '
THIRD RACE— Ingolthrift, Ora
McKinney, Baggerfy-.
FOURTH RACE— Montana Peer
ess, Barkelmore, Alfio.
FIFTH RACE— Lou Beach, Harry
Griffith, Behoove.
SIXTH RACE— Kentucky Cardi
nal, Kingctelle, Lindenella.
ppt-cial I>i*patch to The Can
NEW YORK. Sept. 13.— The Brooklyn
Jockey Club's autumn meeting, two
veek* In duration, will be^ln to-morrow
in Gravesend. The entries In all races se,t
for excision except that for the First Spe
oal are exceedingly attractive. To the
treat surprise of many, the crack three
>ear-olds engaged in this stake are not
likely to start. Irish h^d and The Picket
¦were both exj>ectod to take paxt in the
race, and it may be that one or both may
>et run, although it Is, of course, possi
ble that thtlr respective trainers have
positively decided that they will not run
in this particular event. This is distinctly
<l*sapi«>Jtitir:g to many thousands. It is
Blze a curious fact that ail three of the
probable starters are graduates of the
Wesiern turf, and that one of them. Sher
iff l>ell, ran part of one winter at New
OKean*. It "Is possible the erstwhile de
eplaed McCbesney has IntlmUlkted all
«.>?her cracks from starting.
There is, however, plenty of material
in all the other race:? to make up to some
« xtent for the small fie'.d in the Kirst Spe
< ial. The regulars were proclaiming- all
cay that Leonidas would win the Junior
Champion for W. C. Whitney and thus
< omper^ate him for h!s defeat in the
Futurity. With only 110 pounds on his
1 a.k it Is difficult for students of form
to pick a coit or filly to defeat the gal
l.itit son of Hamburg.
Thrre will be action enough In the
FjuinE: handicap, which will lead off the
day's racing, and with pome excellent ma
tfrial in ihe steeplechase it ie quite pos
f--'ble that the spectators will bo regaled
with a repetition of the Fplendid ?te<-ple
<hitfe run on Saturday at Sneepshead
Bay.
A« has boen ihe case ever since Mc-
Chesney came EaFt, comment on the new
<;raves«>nti meeting turns upon the possi
bility of a meeting between "Big Mac"
and Waterboy. Ixnh as they are to con
<cde that anything that comes out of the
West mijrht have sufficient class to take
the measure of the best of the Eastern
thoroughbreds. metropolitan turfg-oers
without exception admit that Waterboy is
the one horse racing hereabout? that has
a ch8nce to beat Smathers' superb thor
oughbred. In the past several months
certain Eastern turf writers wtr«? prone
to Fneer at McChesney and to intimate
that the accident that prevented his
match with Waterboy was exaggerated in
the r>yes of h!s owner and trainer for very
pood reasons of their own. Now the situ
ation has changed, and Waterboy will
lose his following: Sf his owner shirks a
meeting with McChesney.
The popularity which McChesney has
attained pince his victory in the Twin
City handicap is remarkable, in view of
the contumely that was heaped upon the
Western champion previous to that race
and of thp fact that «ldom does a WVst
<rn animal become a turf hero in the eye*
Of Easterners. Only a week ago one turf
writer suppested that the new pea rfm
r.cquired by one of the park museum? be
named McChesney because of her lumber
ing uncouthness, while another facetious.
l.v called Owner Smathers' attention to a
vacancy in the motive power of a city
irarbage wagon.
GRAVESEND ENTRIES.
•«.KT\ -JORK. Beg*. 13.— Grarexend entrip#i-
FirFt race. al>rut «ix furlonRs. all uses, han
riicnr^-Colonri Bill i::0. Uunnela 12S Younar
Ilenrj- 12t. High Chancellor 11» W-al", 11 :
Fu-turita 112. Ijidy fncaf 110. Captlvator tm
Kf^iS K " vw IWI * I<W - Orlv 10T - Jocund
io«. Divination f»7. Tim Payne »*, Worry !K>
I'nl Hr C o r s7. Olympian 117.
Second rac. The Hltchfocfc Ftpeplechafp
I:fcndicai>. thr**-year-ol<j» and up, about two
«n<l a l l8 !f tn!le»— I^nd of Clover KH. Howdy
ISS. AfljMgumo ISOt Jim Newman 3 4tt j lu i K e
Phii;ip« 142. Amur 141. Caller 140 Vein no
Gyrff VZ,, farrier I'igeon 13.!. Daryl \Z'l.
1'hlrd rare, jtbout *ix furUingF. Th» Junior
of $13,(nX). for two-y»-ar-clu«— Tjrihrv-
Aox 110. Brwn-.«Jrk IlT, A.lbfl! HO r-jar
n.-.p«dF 110, Actttoener 127. i:i K hi>aii 127. st
Aalentine 120. UaraiiR.j^ HO. Knlrht Krrant
IaO. Ojv I,.,. :•>¦ 107. Uaspful 110. Orr.jcnde>
KiBht VZ2. Grenade 107. Mnharib 110, M'rcury
110 I^ecnidas 110. Clovis 110.
Fourth race, one ar.d a quarter m!l*s special
— Met'hesney 12C. Wyeth 120. Sh«rlff »^!| 117
I-^rth race, five and a half TurionifK. MUlac
tn-cwyoar-oldF— IliKhwind 10"!. Wistaria 1)4
Huapala H». Tci San S»4. Funny^lflo UH Fxtra
law 104. Mali 108. HanOK I'p «7. Ftumpy »4
Vlora Qi. Kedman »4, Fu*t 04. Dob'Mur
phy 100.
¦ £ix!h race, one anJ a sixteenth mi!«>». Bell-
Ing, Jbrep-j-^ar-oldn and upward— Kalif 10*
A!8h»r<-h 1«:«. Ix>r<i Advocate 100. Lord Turro
B3, Krherin MS. Mabel nichardtion 10« Kln«
ralne H>4. Fturiewall 1C5. Tribeji' Hill 112
EtOTVC 1C6. Hlr Kochc ltlS. Rocky 104 Hood
wink 104. O.-!awa!ia 101. Ethics 104,' Irene
L!nd!>ar J03.
Seventh race, five and a half furlongs m?ll
l?K. two-year-oM*— Balh Beach 107. For Luck
»4. Esgle 9*J. Wizard 105. Mohican 107. l>un-
Benaon B9. Inquisitive Girl 1)0. MordelU JK»
Montpe'ilier H2, Pa'.m Room KV1 Pompsno lOTi
Tij.pecar.oe J+7. Tender Crest 97.
GRAVESEND SELECTIONS.
By the New York Telegraph.
FIRST RACE— Futurita, Runnels,
Wealth.
SECOND RACE— Land of Clover,
Rowdy, Judge Phillips.
THIRD RACE— Leonidas, High
ball, Adbell.
FOURTH RACE — McChesney,
Wyeth, Sheriff Bell.
FIFTH RACE— Toi San, Funny
side, Stumpy.
SIXTH RACE— Stuyve, Alabarch,
Irene Lindsey.
• SEVENTH RACE— For Luck, Tip
pecanoe, Wizard.
HARLEM ENTRIES.
CHICAGO, Sept. 13. — Harlem entries
First race, six furlongs, selling— Father
TVentker 110, Old Hutch 107. Huachuca 107
Fleuron 10R. Joe Co»« 105, Swert Tooth Ift4*
Mocorito 101. Alee 100, Quiz II 1O0. Charlie
Grainier HW. Zella Knlgbt 100. Best Man 101
Federal »*<.
Second race/ steeplechase, thort course, han
dloaj>—Dukp of York II 156, Terra Incognita
135. Eva Moe 135. Heber 132, Limelight l.lo
Ungo 1^8. First Pa«t 123.
Third race, one mile. The Cicero Belling
•takes— Harris 108. Orfeo 9.1, The Kentuckisn
104. Toah 103. Schwalbe 10.1. Louisville 101
Federal U6. Hti-lland t<Q. Our B^eei« 91, Fading
l.ixht 01. Brush By S6. <Orreo and Hargiis,
Corrlgan t-ntrj'-)
Fourth )¦»!•• . one and a eizternth islles. han
•'.:> p;, — lir. Stephens 1O4. Brulare 100. B<-«si<>
M<-<^rthy 100. Wilful 85, Byways 'M. Paul
Whaley i*2. Fingal 'Mi. (Witful and Uyways
H.! rtfth tntrj.>
Fifth race, five furlongs — Nannie Hodra.HO,
Determination 105, Commodore 101. J. V. May
berry 101. Casclne 101. TrompeuM 98. Patsy
Brown J18, Maggie Leeber 98. Major David 8
Rose 97, Atlantic© »7, William Wright 97J
Quertec W4. Anne Davis 94, Tokalon t>4. Ply
Lady »*.
Sixth r»ce. one and a quarter miles, selling —
Iterra'k UK. Curate 102. Jove SIS. Kunja »8.
Ocldafra 87. r>eir;onland «5. Moor 94, Mezzo 84.
I^aroyd '¦>*. T^ou Woods 94, Jack Doyle 94,
l>o<3ic 8 100. Comptst 02, Fair Lady Anna 92,
Lord MrH.ounif 9<i. Brush By 88.
FIEST RACE— Old Hutch, Best
Man, Huachuca.
By the Chicago Inter Ocean.
HAELEM SELECTIONS.
Battery A. First Artillery Regiment. >C O
C. State shoot, distances 2oO, 30O and 500
yards — Lieutenant WV A. Varney. 2.'!. 24, 21;
Lieutenant J. C. Eason. 25. 22. 2.1; First' Rer
reant W. H. Homer -Jr., 23. 20. 21; Sergeant
C J. O'Connor. 24, 21. 24; Sergeant D G
Schloss. 2O. 20. 19; Sergeant II. C. Schwlnn
23. 24. 24: Corporal B. Gordon. 10, 14, 10- Cor
poral C. 11. Jensen. 22, 2T>. 20; Corporal George
Homer,. 19. 11. 20: W. Ehrhorn. 17. 2l>, 17- E
RawliniKin. 11, 10, 11; M. Prince, 19 ' «M '13'
F. Furton. 23. 20. 20; C. Carpenter 20 20 °O :
G. II. Smith. 22. 22. 24; L. F. Guerln! 23* 25 
19; V. Shaw. 14. 6, 7; K. K. Enewold 9 THms
P. Schwab. 22. 24. 1»; II. Stone. 17 22.' 23- f'
F. Soule, 21, 19. 17: R. R. Caatle. ' is i 8 "•>¦.".
A. Lien. 21. 17. 15: T. D. Lavat, 13 IS 22- o"
\V. Brittsan. 22, 19. 16; J. p O'Connor 1 2*
22. 22: A. H. Irvinsr. 22. 15: F. A. Nippert 21
24. 24; Sergeant A. S. Hatfleld. 24 22 20 '
Battery r>. First Artillery, third' State shoot
distances 200, 300 and fiOO yards— CaDtain F
V. Keesllng. 22. 22. 21 : Lieutenant A R Far*
less. 23. 10. 19; First Sergeant C. J. Mimd *l"
14. 21: Sergeant G. W. Kuehn. 1,8; Senwant
Walter Kemp. 22. 10. 21: S-rgeant E n
Montro«e. 17. 10, 9; Sergeant Geonre D '-tn*'
ting. 23. — . 15; Corporal R. C. Bel!n*e io %"
22; H. C. von Gelstefeld. 15. 16 r? Thom^
Coonev. 10: L. R. Holm. 15. 12 14- Inrln n«S
14. 12. 14; George Battee. 10 20 K. J?^2-
Cutfer. 20. IS. 12; C. A. Brook. 26 _ 1-. V
A. Karv-er. 17. 17. 10: C. N. Toun«" is' iM'to"
Fmll Lamerdin. 10, IS l« : Olenn Rhodes' "'
'«. JO; W. J. White. 17. 20. 22- H.F Amrim'
22. 20: R. H. Maler. 24. 23 SO- Rohwfnin 1
wig. 16. 20. 10: Kd Thomas. 15 12 15^ JP*"-
Croweonri3. 10. 9. ' Z% I5> E - A
Monthly aractlce shoot — L. V. Frate3 245,
P. A. Paulson 1H7, G. Glueck 1S>S. H. Wobber
lsi, W. Guild 275. G. Curtis 05, J. Wilson 77,
W. M. Paulson l.U.
Annual State shoot of the field, staff and
band. First Infantry Regiment. X. G. C, four
strings of 10 shots each with military revolver,
distance 50 yards: Major George Filmer, 48, 46,
48. 41— 18«; Captain F. W. Warren, 25. .*», 44.
44—151; Lieutenant J. J. West. 31, 43. OS. 44—
15G: Lieutenant F. A. Marriott. 27. .'{!>, 21), 35
— 1"Q; Lieutenant F. W. Hammond. 18. 35. 40
34—127; Sergeant J. H. Prideau. 14. 15. 28. 27
— Hi; Sergeant H. S. Malville. 20, IS. 1S». 25 —
02: Sergeant J. Lawson. 28. 33. 34, 42— 143;
Sergeant K. L. Worth. "9. 38, 40. 38 — 15«; Cor
poral J. Adams. 21. 33. 40. 42— 13.S; Coiwral
J. T. MeCracken. 22. 11. 3, 25— Cl; Musflcian
John L. UtschiK. 83, 40. 37. 34 — 149; Musician
H. S. Griffith. 24, 88. 42. 20— 133.
Independent Rifles, monthly medal ehoot. on
American Ftandard target. Springfield rifles —
C. Kornbeck 2."i, H. Kuhlke 52. B. Hilk<"n 55.
Corporal F. Ixiun 25. C. Granz 88, J. C. Hayes
.°.4. C. Schmidt 4«, Corporal A. Dietrlck 37. F.
Shohay M. Q. Kellenbencer 20, W. Wurzbach
10. C. Schilling 3& L. Mayer 50. Serjeant C.
Schnei.ier 37. J. Sehlichtmann 41. C. Hering
50. John Rlngen ES.
Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club, monthly bulls
eye shoot — L. Brun» IT.Ki. John de Wit 401. K.
C. Rust 472. F. F. Schuster 7S2, J. Lankenau
870, William Doell 1043. R. Stettin 10C2. Her
man Huber 1117. George H. Bahrs 1223, G.
Schulz 12. p .7. John Gefken 12tS.
Shell Mound Pistol and Rifle Club, bullseye
shoot — O. Poulsen 14. A. Xiehaus 14»4, J. Rln
gren 20, H. \V. Kleinenbrolch 27 «4. R. Mitchell
81; L. V. Frates Sl»i, K. J. Farley .14. J.
Cobby .14. F. Mante 47. A. Gay 50, S. Holmes
64 Vi, T. Newlrth 5N. W. Siebe «u. A. Ramm
C7»-a. W. Crocker fi8. Dr. B. Roche O, Al
Poulsen 71Vi. I>- Sl S be 7.:. F. Siebe 7:5, W. W.
Thompson "tf'i. II. P. Nelson S2 l i. H. Ko
fod 83.
San Francisco Schuetzen Verein. monthiy
medal shootlns: — Champion highest score. D.
B. Faktor, 43."i: champion first and second
classes nnt filled: third class. Lieutenant Henry
Meyer, 377: fourth class. D. Uunke*r-r,74: best
first shot. Lieutenant Henry Meyer, 25; best
last Phot. Charles Oldag, 25.
The State shoot of Battery A resulted
in many fine scores. Lieutenant J. C.
Eason made a "possible" at the 200-yard
range and 22 and 23 at 300 and 500 yards
respectively. C. H. Jensen and L. F.
Guerin each made the "possible" at the
300-yard range. C. J. O'Connor, Sergeant
II. C. Schwlnn and F. A. Nippert all made
high scores.
Many of the best marksmen were busy
getting: their rifles into shape for the fall
festival of the California Schuetzen Club,
which will be held Sunday next at
Schuetzen Park. San Rafael. All the crack
shots have signified their intention of en
tering the lists for king shootinff. It is
expected the number of competitors on
this target will be the largest for many
years. D. W. McLaughlin, C. M. Hender
son August Pape, A. Strecker, D. B.
Faktor, N. Ahrens, Philo Jacoby. Fred
Levers, L. J. Reubold. M. F. Blasse. T.
J. Carroll, F. P. Schuster, Al Gehret, G.
Tammeyer, O. A. Bremer. Jacob Myer,
Captain F. Ruhstaller of Sacramento. A.
Bertelsen. Captain F. A. Kuhls. G. Rlsch
miller and A. Rahwyler have signified
their intention to take part in the king
shooting. Following are the scores:
Germania Schuetzen Club, monthly medal
shoot— First champion class. F. P. Schuster.
22S • secor.d champion class, George Tammeyer.
215- first class, John Gefkin. 212; second class,
William Doell. 2<M; third class. J. Beuttler,
1S6. Beat first shot. F. C. Kust. 2T»; best last
shot. John Gefken. 25. .
Competition shoct— Frank E. Mason 227, N.
Ahrens 222. A. Gehret 21t5. Herman Huber 212,
M. F. niasse. 210, O. A. isremer 200.
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club, monthly
medal competition: Pistol Club trophy— G.
Armstrong S4. J. KiiUmann S3. W. F. Elasse
76. C. M. Henderson 52. Re-entry match — J.
Kullmarin, M. SO. 8.1: G. . Armstrong. 90. 90.
S8: W. F. Blasse, 8S. SS, S«. 73, 76; C. M. Hen
derson, .12. Revolver Club trophy — W. C.
Prichard 92, M J. White S7. F. Kruckel 76, R.
C. Cap 75. B. Jonas 7r>. Re-entry match — W.
C. Prichard DG. ttt, 05; P. A. Becker. S3, 90.
88. SO, 01: A. L. A. HlmmelwriKht. 01. 8!>. 8rt;
F. Kruckel. S2. Ttt. 70; R. C. Cap. S6. 88, 81.
Re-entry match, rifle: Expert class^ — C. M.
Henderson. 22S, 21ft. 219, 213; TX B. Faktor,
224 217, 215; A. Gehret. 214.— Second class —
Mnx KoUnder, 210. Club trophy— A. Gehret t
221. D B. Faktor 217. W. F. Blasse 213. M. '
F Blasse 21O. Max Kolander 210. Georg* Tam
meyer 210, Otto A. Bremer 100. Gold Medal —
O A. Bremer. 200. 2O1. Medal bars — M. F.
Blasse 2C1. 210; M. Kclander. 218, 216. 210,
209.
In the field and staff shooting of the
First Regiment Major George Filmer was
far ahead of his competitors, while Lieu
tenant J. J. West and Sergeant J. Lawson
made creditable scores;
\V\ C. Prichard was high man with the
revolver in the Golden Gate Club with a
score of 95 out of 100. In the rifle com
petition C. M. Henderson was best with
£23 rings In his ten-shot score. He was
tied by F. P. Schuster In the Germania
"Club. Frank K.,aiason was close up with
227 rings.
In the San Francisco Schuetzen Vereln
D. B. Faktor led all his competitors with
a score of 435 rings in his medal string.
Captain F. W Keesllng and R. H.
Maier did good work In the State shoot of
Battery D and placed high scores to their
credit.
Shell Mound Park rifle range was well
patronized yesterday by marksmen. Bat
teries A and D of the National Guard,
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club, San
Francisco Schuetzen Vereln, Germanic
Schuetzen Club. Norddeutscher Shootlns
Club and the field and staff of the First
Infantry Regiment all held competition or
State contests.
T. D. 15'acU brat Or. Lov^grove. S-0. 4-6.
C-l: Dr. J,'o».ie and W. t«. Dole beat Black and
Ixn '-grove. «:-."J; W. Averoil beat Herbert tSray.
•'-4. ti-3. 7-5, 6-2; UrummonJ MacUavin nml
Harry Haight l>eat W. 6. MacGavln and Frank
Mitchell. <>-4. «J-o. 0-*: Herbert Long beat Alox
Beyfuss. T-r.. ::-<;. lrt-ll. G-S. fc-C; J. Kourk*
and A. \V. Worthlngton beat K. P. Robbing
ami II. Sprint;. 7-S. li-O: Dan Volkmann anil
Alden Amis beat Will Volkmann and S. V.
£mtth. V-.'». O-.'S. <;-4: AVorthlnifton and Joseph
Uaily best Robblns end Spring. 6-1, «-0: Ualiy
heat Worthlngton. €-::; I;ole brat Dr. Noble.
i'.-4. "-H. «;-4. <;-2; Harry <.!.-> briel boat Dr. I-ov»-
Krove 0-2: Mitchell beat lla:£ht. 8-1: D. Volk
mann b»at W. Volkmann, «>-_. <>-.'!. 4-»i; 1). Mac-
Gavin beat Mitchell, ft-7. C-2: Ray Cornell beat
Norman Ho>Jj:'.!inso:i, 8-0. and Homer Parker.
7-5; Tarkcr and Prci"»\«Hor Ernrrfon beat Cornell
and G. Kuebn, 4-*J. <"-». 7-5. C-:{.
On the park courts thorp wa3 also a
special march. Clarence Griffin, who re
cently graduated from the second clasp,
and Clarence Ko.ey, a second class man,
were the contestant*. Foley contended
that he had as much right in the first
class as Griffin, and a match was ar
ranged. l r oley's victory in straight seta
justified his claim, and a committee has
been appointed to decide whether he,,
should go into the first class or whether'
Griffin should be put back into the sec
ond. The latter course will probably bo
pursued. In the last two tournaments at
San Rafael Griffin showed remarkably
we:i, and his defeat at the hands of the
fast-improving Foley was quite a sur
prise. The score was C— 3. 11—9.
The following matches were played on
«he public grounds.
M. Long and Skaggs tied Guerin and Hall.
6-:i. i«-x; <;. K. Ha!"8 and G. Janes beat L^vria
and Foley. 10-S; Tlnncgan and Griffin beat
15at»s and Janes. 0-:J; Jane.« beat Flnnegan 0-4-
LeUlcfa and Otz beat K. Hall and L,. Howell.
6-4; i;. IloweH and M. l^cnir beat Guerin and
Skaggs. S-«i : Kob*rt» and Lellich b>-at C. Mag
nus and H. Gott. 6-4: Pomerville and Jones
beat H. Miller and B. Uurdick. C-4. «-2: I^emoi
-»nd II. Guerin brat Somprvllle and Kurdlek.
<i-4; M.ikiius and Gott beat 11. Mederaft and
P, BntchlBSOn. «-4, «-4; Jar.<v< and Code t^&t
Bczarth and Hates, fi-4 ; Russell and Janes beat
Hates and Klnnojran. <!-¦». 3-0. fi-2- BorouKh
and Mi** Uarland titrl W. Murphy and F
oronnell <;-l. S-7; 1). M. Umon and M. Crieh
ton tied Uvuvtof and Allen. C-4. 4-»S: Hall and
Howell b*6t Skapsrfi and I^ong. 0-3: Guerin beat
W. Ptapff. 0-0, 7-r>; «uerin >>nd J. Baker beat
J. II. A.Jpr-.« (in.) J. Brady. 7-5.
The best ruati-h in doubles was that In
which Drummond MacGavln and Harry
llalght won time sets from Frank Mitch
ell and Vk'. S. Mac-Gavin.
The following matches were played:
Of the five sets played four went up to
d*uce and three of them were exception
ally lone. In the third it became neces
sary to play twenty-five games. The
scoie, in l,o:)g's favor, was 7—5, 3—6, 13—11,
e— g. $s.
la the third and fourth sets lxmt: h-td a
lead of 5—2. lie managed to*" win the
third, but lost the fourth. The fifth and
deciding *et waa the most exciting of the
eerie?. Long" won the first two games.
Keyfuas won the next four, anu led at
49— 0 In the seventh, which he los«t. The
latter was within a point of winning the
match eleven times in the tenth game,
when the score stood 5—4 in his favor.
After having vantage five times Long
made it games all and then won out.
The feature on the club courts was a
special match between Herbert Lone and
Alexander Beyfuss. Considerable rivalry
exists between theBe promising young
players, and neither would admit the su
periority of the other. That there Is little
to choose b^wtrn them the match played
yesterday proves conclusively. It waa a
hard five-set affair and the closest match
played in the city in many months.
The California Club and the Golden
Gate Park tennis courts were In great de
rcar.d yesterday, and players found it dif
ficult to pet a court.
Racket Experts Turn Out in
Force and Many Good
Sets Result.
Waterboy Will Lose Follow
ing Unless He Meets
the Westerner.
D. B. Faktor Leads All Com
p9titors in His Medal
String.
"Big Mac" Scares Rivals
Out of Stake
Events.
Several Make the Pos
sible Score at Shell
Mound.
Long Wins Great Tennis
Match on Califor
nia Courts. 1
YOUNG PLAYERS
SHOW FINE FORM
EASTERN OWNERS
AVOID M'CHESNEY
BATTERY A MEN
SHOOT STRAIGHT
SPORTS OF THE TURF, THE BASEBALL DIAMOND AND THE TENNIS COURTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 14 % 19O3.
Parke Wilson and His Northern Tossers Fail to Hit
When Runs Are Needed and Their Errors Allow
Oakland to"/ Score Repeatedly in Several Innings
OAKLAND WINS ONE BASEBALL GAME
AND TIES SEATTLE TEAM IN ANOTHER
SLMMIT HOUSE. Mount Washington.
N. Y., Sept. 13.-T. P. Driver of Melrose.
Mass., and F. H. Peabody of Boston to
day made the firat ascent of Mount Wash
ington In a four-horse power gasoline
runabout. The actual running time was
three hours and twenty minutes.
6
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
One >^^ McBurn2J ' s
Bottle/^^P and
Humor % T BUDDER
uUicorx .A. cure
Vox pains In the back, Brla-ht'a dl«-
ea»e. Incontinence of urine brick
du-t deposit, bed-wettta*/ VarS
*rcp«y, diabetes, rheiui«t_Bi_u
Only by removing polsonoua acid can
rheumatic and neuralgic troubles be
cured. Uric acid finds lu wav in t a »>.!
blood because the Kidneys aE'wSEJSS
and do not throw it off from ««e .y«em
Restore the Kidneys and you Anton * thi
S? w tL. that -J_ UI forco urtc"ctd from
the body. That Is Just what McDurney^
Kidney and Bladder Cure does It _rlvi£
the^ deadly uric acid from the btood n
sustains the organs that sustain fife and
the forces that make blood. McBurneV.
Kidney and Bladder cure 11 SO ah
druggtats. Booklet with sVorrT.ute"
mentsof cures fr«». w. F J_cBu™«
Sole Mfr.. 226 S. Spring it* iiSSletI>t. McIvor-TyndalPs Lectnre.
An interesting lecture was that given by
Dr. Alex J. Mclvor-Tyndall at Steinway
Hall last night. The eubject was "Di
vorce, Its Relation to Psychology." and
the large audience showed Its approval
and appreciation by hearty applause. %
V>x. Mclvor-Tyndall stated that marriage
•fcould toe placed on TBe same footing a*
3 > Delicacy. p
g •*§ *cJ5 m2. • - 1 *
. S QQ 3 | 5 3 T> $8
CONTESTANTS „ =" O^ OS " * Zz
I f 3" J? :g
C G. Young 187.8:90 1S8.4 89.2 95.8
W E. Brooks. 100 84 87.8 83.10 8C.9....
T.W. Brothertn 112 S8. 8 91 90 90.6....
C. R. KennJS. 110 89 91.4 87.0 89.6 97.3
H C. Golcher.. 112 84.4 87.4 85.10 83.7
C. Huyck 92(88.8 80.8 77.8 '84.1
F. M. Haight . 89|88 86.8 78.4 82.6
J B. KennlfT.. 109JS8.4 88.8 87.6 88. 1
H. B. Sperry.. 101] 88 179.2 83. 7J....
governments, institutions and co-opera
tive partnerships of any kind. If allegiance
to the institution be desired. "The fact
that divorce . is now a question for hu
manity to deal with is conclusive evidence
that marriage has been founded on a
wrong basis. If it were not so, it would
have been a success, because all life tends
toward progression. In this age of ad
vancement, and In this country particu
larly, divorce has assumed the importance
of one of humanity's great problems. This
proves that it is one of tbe Dhaseg of
evolution, one of the spokes in the wheel
of progress.'
PACIFIC GROVE, Sept. 13.— The Cali
fornia Methodist Episcopal Conference to
night completed the work pi raising an
endowment fund of $100,000 for the Uni
versity of the Pacific. The fund was
started a year ago. To-night just »7000
was needed to complete the fund, : and
$7500 was raised In less than thirty min
utes, the amounts subscribed ranging
from $10 to $1000. .
Bishop Cranston ordained as elders this
morning Hugh Baker, John W. Robinson,
Carl M. Warner, John ¦ V. Simmons,
James L. Case and Burton H. Fleming,
and as deacons Oliver E. Steward, Chiujo
Nakamura, K. Miura and'J. T. C. Smith.
Mlsa MlnnedM. Christy. Miss Minnie M.
Cullen, : Mrs. Emily J. Foster and Miss
Freda H. "Wilkens were consecrated aa
deaconesse3.
Methodist Conference at Pacific Grove
Raises Final Sum in Thirty
. Minutes. •
FUND FOB UNIVERSITY
QUICKLY MADE COMPLETE
The Election Commissioners will be
asked to-day to give Republicans fair
representation on the precinct board3 of
election. This representation is particu
larly desired in view of the fact that the
new ballot law will be practically tested
at the election on Tuesday, November 3.
The delegates to the Democratic nomi
nating convention who were chosen at
the primary election on the second Tues
day of August will meet this evening at
Native Sons' Hall on Mason street. The
Republican local convention will meet to
morrow evening at the Alhambra Thea
ter, corner Jones and Eddy streets.
Neither convention will proceed imme
diately to the nomination for Mayor. Par
ty nominations, however, must be filed
on or before October 4. Independent nom
inations may be filed as late as October
DEMOCBATIC CONVENTION
CALLED FOR TO-NIGHT
German Ladies Give a Ball.
The members of the, German Ladies'
Benevolent Society of the Red Cross
gave a grand "flags of all nations" ballet
at Saratoga Hall last night for the ben
efit of the fund. The affair was a great
success in every way and attracted a
large crowd. The floor w^as packed when
the grand march started^ at 9 o'clock.
War Veteran Dies Sti^denly.
SAN JOSE. Sept. 13.— David Stewart, a
veteran of the Civil War who came to
attend the national G. A. R. encamp
ment, died 'here to-day of hemorrhage
of the lungs. The body will be sent to
his home in South Dakota.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, September 13.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 28 hours from Mom
Landing and way ports.
Stmr Centennial, Klltsraard, 70 hours from
Seattle. .
SAILED.
Sunday, September 13.
Stmr Santa Cruz. Gielow, southern coast.
DOMESTIC . PORT.
, PORT BLAKELET— Arrived Sept 13— Schr
Solano, . from Honolulu.
T. W. Brotherton and H. C. Golcher
were a tie yesterday in the long distance
fly casting event at Stow I^ake. They
each cast 312 feet. C. R. Kennlff was
third, with a cast of 110 feet, while J.
B. Kenniff was fourth, with 103 feet.
This was the last of the club's regular
contests for the season. The official
scores:
Brotherton and Golcher Each Cast
One Hundred and Twelve Feet
at Stow Lake.
TWO FLYCASTERS TIE
IN DISTANCE EVENT
William Culllgan, aged 2S years and re
siding at 1411 Kansas street, either fell or
was crowded off a car as it swung around
the turn from Howard street Into Twen
ty-fourth yesterday, injuring his right
knee. He was treated . at the City and
County Hospital by Dr. McElroy. The
knee joint received Injuries which may
leave Culligan a cripple for the rest of
his days.
Probably Crippled for Life.
Union Orders Miners Back to "Work.
KANSAS CITY, Sept. 13.— The Novinger
miners must resume work pending a de
cision of the wage scale between the
miners and the operators. A convention
of District 25, held here, so decided, and
a committee of Novinger miners and
scale men is now on the way to notify the
miners. As the latter in their meeting on
pay dayvagreed to abide by the conven
tion's decision, it now looks as if they
must resume wprk without further parley
or be ousted from the union.
After a lingering illness, James F. Hal
lock, for many years auditor of the Pal
ace Hotel, died yesterday morning at his
home on Church street. Deceased was a
native of New York, 70 years old, and is
survived by a widow and two children,
J. C. and Glorian Hallock.
Mr. Hallock. was prominently Identified
with, the early history of the State of
Nevada, of which he was for a number
of years the Controller. The funeral will
take place to-morrow from Mission Ma
sonic Temple, where the services will be
held under the auspices of Mission Lodge
No. 167. F. A. M. Interment will be at
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
J. F. HALLOCK IS CALLED - . *
1\ ; TO HIS FINAL BEST
Coney Island, at the beach, is rapidly
becoming one of the leading Sunday at
tractions of the city, and the increase in
patronage yesterday was marked. For
many hours hundreds of people passed
through the gates, visited concessions and
found much enjoyment In the open-air
vaudeville programme, which is presented
by clever artists. A lion, one of the most
graceful ever seen here, has been ac
quired by the management and attracted
attention all day.
Professor "Billy" Vosmer made a most
thrilling balloon ascension. He rose in
the direction of the clouds many hundred
feet and executed many daring antics on
a trapeze. A new balloon specialty is be
ing prepared for next Sunday.
On the vaudeville programme are Musa
La Var, serio-comic buck and wing
dancer: Oro and Oro, a rough-and-tumble
sketch team; Eddie Dolan, the "man
from Ireland,** and several other people
whose talent is pronounced.
The management will make extensive
Improvements during the coming week
anfl is acting on every suggestion that
wtll be conducive to the comfort and
pleasure of the public.
Murphy said, however, five other con
victs would have killed one of the num
ber who should have weakened In case
the guards had fired He said Dr. Plant,
the prison physician, was badly scared
and threw his hands in the air and ran
In and out of the barber shop aimlessly.
He intimated that five other officers were
also more or less frightened.
Murphy said that while he* was in ti.e
brush near Lake Tahoe eighteen of his
pursuers sassed not more than two feet
from his hiding place. After they had
gone he entered a house and robbed It of
$19. He said on one occasion he rode in
a buggy with a Nevada deputy sheriff
and played cards with him and another
officer without exciting their suspicions.
Murphy eald it was his intention to pro
ceed to his old home In Pennsylvania,
have his present filled teeth pulled out
and a "false se.t inserted /and remain In
that State secure from detection. He
would express no opinion concerning the
whereabouts of Miller and the other con.
vlcts.
Murphy said to-night that getting away
from Folsom Prison is the easiest thing
In the world. He was surprised that more
breaks for liberty were not made there.
He was asked what would have been the
result if the guards had been allowed to
open fire on the thirteen escaping, con
victs who had taken the Warden, the
captain of the guard and several of the
guards of the prison as shields.
"If the guards had been allowed to
fire," said Murphy, "it weuld have been
a very different story. There was plenty
of opportunity. There were times when
a prisoner was twenty-five feet away from
an officer and the guards could have
opened fire without hurting an officer.
Why. it would have been a hundred-to
one shot for the guards to have fired."
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 13. — Convicts
Joseph Murphy f and John W. "Woods,
who escaped with eleven others from Fol
som Prison July 27 and were recaptured
at Reno, arrived in Sacramento to-night
in the custody of Nevada officers and
were locked In the City Prison. They .will
be returned to the Folsom Penitentiary
to-morrow morning. The men were heav
ily manacled on the cars and were in
charge of Sheriff R. E. I^eeper, Deputy
Sheriff J. M. Sharkey and Deputy Con
stable M. Wilson of Reno, v
Special Dispatch to The Call
CONEY ISLAND DBAWS
BIG CROWD TO BEACH
Floor committee — H. E. da Silva, floor
manager; Isaac Carcass, Frank Ortega,
E. Castagnetto, Gregorlo Martinez, M.
Lacarra and J. Anino.
Executive committee— Gustave Levy, A.
Rojo, C. F. Jimenez, E. F. Robles, E.
Vaca, J. Rlvas and A. B. Treadwell.
Honorary reception committee — A. de la
Torre Jr., chairman"; A. B. Treadwell, Hi
H. North, Thomas M. Crawford, Fernan
do Loaiza, P. Bancalarl, G. E. Cbanning,
John J. Krelsa, J. J. McDevItt, Theodore
Lunstedt, Henry Pernau and Edward
Snook.
The following committees have the ar
rangements for the celebration in charge:
H. E. da Silva, chairman; F. R. Olmedo,
vice chairman: A. de la Torre Jr., secre
tary; T. Calderon, treasurer.
To do honor to the memories of Miguel
Hidalgo, the Washington of Mexico, and
Benito Juarez, the second liberator o*
Mexico, and to pay high tribute to the
worth of Diaz, the present man of power
in Mexico, Consul General de Zayas
will deliver the oration of the evening in
Spanish. A. de la Torre Jr. will read the
Mexican declaration of independence,
after which Mayor Schmitz and Hon. Bert
Bchleslnger will speak. Fancy dances and
singing will close the programme. Then
an all-night ball will bring an end to the
festivities.
On Wednesday next the ninety-third an
niversary of the Independence of the re
public of Mexico will be fittingly cele
brated by the loyal members of the local
Mexican colony and others from inland
towns. To the elaborate programme of
patriotic exercises which are to be gfVen
in the Mechanics' Pavilion under the di
rection of the Zaragoza Club, it is ex
pected that nearly 5000 of the expatriated
sons of the sister republic will flock In
attendance. Besides Hon. Rafael de
Zayas Enriquez, Mexican Consul to this
city. Mayor Schmitz and several prom
inent municipal and Federal officers will
be present to lend their oratory to the oc
casion.
Murphy of Folsom Says
Guards Might Have
Fired.
Loyal Mexicans to Unite
in Honor of Day of
Freedom.
As the meeting at Union Park next Sun
day will be under the direction of the
California Coursing Committee entries for
the open stake must be made with Sec
retary Peer Tiffany In the Chronicle
building.
\V. T. Raught's consistent greyhound
Silver Heeis made a runaway win of the
open stake yesterday at Union Coursing
Park. In th^ deciding course she met
Reno and beat him by a score of 12 to 0.
The trials were all interesting, an un
usual number of hares making good their
escape. The day did not pass without
several upsets in the betting. Tralee Boy^
a one to eight choice, was beaten by
Concord Boy. Dorotljy M beat Master
Rocket, a one ,<o six choice, pointless.
Cloverdale was beaten by Red Rock and
Mickey Free by Consort, each at 1 to 4.
The day's results with. Judge Andrew
Dean's official scores rollow:
Ued Pepper beat Irish Lad. 6-2; Consort a
bye Athena -withdrawn: Mickey Free beat
Harlran Gladys. 2<M>; Prairie Maid beat
Ragged Actor. 11-1; Presidio Boy a bye. Rural
Artis* withdrawn; Royal Archer beat Thelma,
4-2; Bfluxa a bye. Van Nora, withdrawn;
IJelle Free beat Los Angeles. 9-2; Tyrone
Prince l*at Reckless Acroba.t. 10-0; Barge
beat Torn Ketne. 12-1: Silver Heels beat Min
r.le Horgan, 6-0; Renegade Apache bt-at
Kempronius. 3-0; Algy McDonald beat Flying
Pasha 0-1; Preclta Maid beat Gunfire. 10-0;
Concord Fsoy oeat Tralee Boy. 8-5; Wedge
wood beat Fair Oaks, 5-1; Dear Gaston beat
St. Conn. 4-0; Dorothy M. beat Master Rock~t.
S-0- Frisky Barbara a bye. Anchor. with
drawn; America beat Young Hoffman. 12-2;
CloverUale beat Harvey M. 11-C; Red Rock
beat False Alarm 11-9; Remifso Animo beat
Clarice 8-0; Reno beat Wild Bill. 16-0;
Lib* rater beat Roy Hughle. 8-7: Mt. Rose a
bve Aenatn withdrawn: Vandal beat Moun
tain Poet 8-7: Reta S beat Beauty Gold.
17-1- Silver Cloud beat Ploughman. 6-0; Don
Pedro beat Progxeso, 9-2; Boots bent Viva,
5-4: Bonnie Pasha beat Wild Star. 15-1.
Second round — Consort beat Red Pepper.
»-3- Mlckee Free beat Ragged Actor, 9-4;
Presidio Boy beat Royal Archer. 9-5; Belle
Free beat Be'.ufca 10-2: Reckless Acrobat beat
Barge 6-5; Silver Heels beat Renegado
Ai»ach'e, 23-5; A1k>' McDonald beat Precita
Maid. 8-3: Wedgewood beat Concord Boy. 6-0;
Dorothy M beat Dear Gaston. 4-3; Frisky
Barbara beat America. 5-2; Red Rock beat
Cloverdale 4-3: Reno beat Remispo Animo,
C-5" Mt. Rose beat Liberator. 11-8; Reta S.
beat Vandal. 11-3; Don Pedro beat Silver
Clo'Jil. <)-•"; Bonnie Pasha beat Vina, 5-0.
Third round — Consort beat Mickey Free.
5_4; Preaidio Boy beat Belle Free. 4-O; Silver
Heels beat Reckless Acrobat. 12-4; Wedge
wood beat Algy McDonald. 7-3: Frisky Bar
bara bt-at Dorothy M. 8-7; Reno beat Red
Rock 4-3; Mt. Rose beat Reta S, 7-4; Bonnie
Pasha beat Don Pedro. 4-0.
Fourth round — Presidio Boy beat Consort.
»4-6; Silver Heels beat Wedgewood. 3-2; Reno
beat Frisky Barbara, 7-1; Mt. Rose beat Bon
nie Pasha 0-6
Fifth round— Silver Heels a bye. Presidio
Boy withdrawn; Reno beat'Mt. Rose, 11-5.
Deciding course — Silver Heels beat Reno,
12-0*
SILVER HEELS WINS
FROM RENO CLEVERLY
Up-Country Greyhound Shuts Out
Her Opponent Pointless at Union
Coursing Park.
CONVICT TELLS
OF THE ESCAPE
PLACERV1LLE, Sept. 13.— Dr. Mur
dock McLean, a prominent physician of
El Dorado County, died Hv this city at
8:30 o'clock this evening of exhaustion du«>
to continued fever, to which he suc
cumbed after an illness of two months.
Dr. McLean was a graduate of Cooper
Medical College, having taken his de
gree with the clas3 of "97. He practiced
medicine for two years in Georgetown,
this county, and for three years in this
city. The deceased physician was a mem
ber of the city Board of Health and a
prominent Mason. He was also a mem
ber of the Order of the Eastern Star and
Foresters of America. Dr. McLean wa3
a native of Prince Edward Island and
aged 27 years. The funeral will be held
here Wednesday under Masonic auspices.
El Dorado County Physician Dead.
At 336 Natoma street it was said last
night that John T. Smith, the brother of
the deceased had lived there, but is now
residing in San Mateo. He called at the
Natoma street residence yesterday, when
a telegram was handed him informing
him of the death of his brother. He im
mediately left for San Mateo. No one
seemed to know anything of the suicide
beyond the fact that he was a painter by
trade. V
The man was first seen in Palmdale
four days ago, and worked for two days
at a hotel. He was last seen alive yes
terday afternoon. The body Is being held
awaiting instructions from San Francisco
relatives.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 13.— The body of
a man supposed to be James R. Smith of
San Francisco was found this morning in
an abandoned barn near Palmdale, this
county, sixty-seven miles north of Los
Angeles on the Southern Pacafic. Near the
body was a nearly empty half-pint bottle
of carbolic acid, and the burned lips and
mouth of the dead man showed that ho
had swallowed that poison- On his person
was found a note addressed to J. T.
Smith. 366 Natoma street, San Francisco,
in which the writer stated that he "was
an unlucky dog and intended to end the
struggle." > '¦-.'¦:¦¦'¦
"You will know why I did this." was
the postscript following the signature
James R. Smith.
Body of Man Found In an Abandoned
-Barn in Los Angele*
County.
SAN FRANCISCAN ENDS
HIS LIFE WITH POISON
The complaining witness against Ricar
do is Emille Redon of 614 .Broadway. Re
don says that Ricardo while living at the
Redon home became enamored of Mrs.
Redon and she reciprocated his affection,
as they eloped last Wednesday during
Redon's absence from the city. They sold
the furniture in the house for $124. They
eloped from 19% Church avenue.
They were traced tt> San Leandro
through purchasing tickets from a steam
boat agent at 75 Jackson strest for pas
sage to Portugal. They Intended to leave
yesterday morning. They were living in
a house in the rear of the Farmers' saloon
at San Leandro. When Ricardo • was
placed under arrest he cried out: "Oh. I
wish I were dpad: I wish I were dead!"
Detective Taylor "stated last night that
Redon called on Ricardo at the City
Prison during the day, and after a con
ference the husband agreed to accept
$100 for his' furniture and $100 as balm for
the insult. He also agreed to abandon all
claim to the woman and drop the prose
cution.
Joseph Ricardo, a printer, 31 years of
age. was arrested at San Leandro yes
terday morning by Detective Taylor. The
warrant was Issued by Police Judge Ca
baniss and it charged him with grand
larceny.
Joseph Ricardo, a Printer, Arrested
in San Leandro for Grand
Larceny.
The funeral will be held at 1 o'clock this
afternoon from the residence of Mrs. But
terfleld. The interment will be at Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
SELLS FRIEND'S FURNITURE
AND ELOPES WITH WIFE
The deeeaserl was born in North Wales
on May 31, 1820, and came to this, country
when he was 19 years old. He was a
carpenter by trade and when gold was
discovered in California he was located
at New Orleans. He came to the Pacific
Coast via Panama, arrived in San Fran
cisco in 1S30 and worked at ; his trade,
earning $16 per day. After a time he pro
ceeded to Humboldt County and then re
turned to. San Francisco and engaged In
building the Presbyterian' Church on
Stockton street, between Jackson and
Pacific, and . the Welsh Presbyterian
Church on Vallejo street, near Kearny.
He established a sawmill at . San
Mateo and another near Eureka, Hum
boldt Countj^ and was one of the found
ers of the Humboldt County Bank and a
promoter of the South. Bay Railroad and
Land Company.
In 18S3 Mr. Jones sold out his interest in
the lumber trade and was reputed at that
time to have cleared up the sum of half
a million dollars. He then engaged in
the purchase of rea» estate and at the
time of -his death owned considerable
property, including the Hale Bros." build
ing on Market street, the southeast corner
of California and Kearny streets and
many valuable farms near Redwood City.
David R. Jones, was married In 1S52 to
Miss Ann Williams, who died in 1S75 at
Eureka. Five children were the; result
of the marriage, of which number three
are now living. The surviving children
are Mrs. Fred B. Butterfield, Mrs. Horace
B. Cookson and John Jones, all of this
city.
3~ AVID. It. JONES, a prominent
capitalist, died of pneumonia last
Friday evening at the residence
of . his daughter, Mrs. Fred B.
Butterfield. 1824 Post street.
Large Fortune Is Left
by the Deceased
Capitalist.
It required two trials between the last
two dogs left in the stake yesterday af
ternoon at Ingleside Coursing Park to
determine the winner of first money.
At the first attempt the score between
Lily Wright and Young Fearless was a
tie. They were sent back to "slips" at
once-, when Lily Wright won decisively.
Young Fearless was a 2 to 5 choice.
The running throughout the day was
sensational, the hares being the strongest
ever liberated at the park.
A match, best three Jn five courses, has
been arranged for next Sunday between
H. L. Meharry's Prometheus and J.
O'Shea's Young Fearless.
iiie day's .results with Judge Thomas
Tierney's official scores follow:
Second round — Rose Tree beat Anchor, 15-2;
Irvlngton Tralee beat Commercial Traveler,
6-2; Adonis beat Fireside l>-5; Marruerltte beat
Miss Wilson, 11-5; Lily AVrtght beat Sofala.
8-O; Equator beat Little Lucy. 5-1; Flora Belle
beat Honor Bright. 4-0; Snapper Garrison beat
Intruder, 7-4; Youag Buck beat Yellow Tall,
14-4,; Maid of the Glen beat Belfast, 4-0; Old
Ironsides beat Special. 5-3; J E H a bye; Una
beat Little Plunger, 7-5; Articulate beat Clus
ter, S-2; General Dewet a bye; Van Nora beat
H adding ton, 7-4; Gold Lily beat Firm Fellow,
0-."; Free from Flaw beat Concord Tralee, 6-0;
Advance Guard beat Whisper. 14-3; Idaho Boy
beat Yankee Boy. 8-3; Wattles beat Young
Johnnie Rex. 7-3; Fenli beat McHenry. 8-5;
Sisklyeu beat Kins'* Pride. 8-O: Doc Burns
beat Gramercy, 15-6; Topsy Turvey beat Homer
Boy. 8-«; White Buck beat Orslna. 11-7; Young
Fearless beat Halt Moon, 6-0; Honest John
beat Cascade, 10-4.
Third round— Irvlngton Tralee beat Rose
Tree. 12-2; Adonis beat Margueritte. 6-3; Lily
Wright beat Equator, 6-1; Flora Belle beat
Snapper Garrison. S-7; Maid of the Glen beat
Young Buck. 5-3; J F. H beat Old Iron
sides. S-0; Una beat Articulate, 9-7; Gen
eral Dewet beat Van Nora. 11-5; Gold Lily
beat Free from Flaw. 11-4; Advance Guard
beat Idaho Bey. 12-6; Wattles beat Fenll, 8-2;
Slsklyou beat Dec Burns. 5-0; Topsy Turvey
a bye; Young Fearless beat Honest John. .
Fourth round — Adonis beat Irvington Tralee,
3-0: Lily Wright beat Flora Belle, 10-0; J E H
beat Maid of the Glen, 0-C; General Dewet beat
Una. 9-1; Gold Lily beat Advance Guard. 7-6;
Slsklyou beat Wattles. 10-0; Young Fearless
bent Topsy Turvey, 7-O>
Fifth round— Lily "Wright a bye; General
Dewet beat J E H. 9-S; Slsklyou beat Gold
Lily. 5-3: Young Fearless, a bye.
Sixth round — Lily Wright beat General De
wet. 12-3; Young Fearless beat Stsklyoa, 4-0.
Deciding) course— Lily Wright beat Young
Fearless. 12-0.
Lily Wright Defeats Young Fearless
at the Second Attempt at
Ingleside.
GREYHOUNDS WEIX MATCHED
IN THE DECIDING COXJBSE
The body of Calvin may be exhumed
in order that the contents of the stomach
may be analyzed.
The deserted wife, who is the daugh
ter of Judge Jones of Austin. Is a most
estimable woman and has the sympathy
of the entire community of Hobart Mills,
where she is very popular.
VIRGINIA Cnr. NeT. Sept. H— Th«
police authorities here and tho«e of other
cities in the western part of Nevada are
making an assiduous search for Dr. John
son, manager of the Hobart mills, who
has disappeared from bis xnome at Over
ton, leaving his family, and who Is de
clared to, have been accompanied in his
flight by Mrs. Charles Calvin, a widow,
who was formerly Miss of Car
son cits*.
The sudden departure of Johnson and
the woman has furnished a basis for sen
ratlonal reports that the two were in
seme manner responsible for the taking
off of Calvin, and it is chiefly because of
tbis allegation that the officers have made
a special effort to apprehend them.
Several months ago Calvin was taken
ill and died very soon afterward.
Johnson was the physician In at
tendance, and It is said that he paid con
siderable attention to the wife during the
serious sickness of her husband.
After the death of Calvin the physician
and the widow were much in each other's
company. Their departure was entirely
unexpected and the people of Overton
were shocked because Johnson held a lu
crative and responsible position at the
mills and was a prominent figure In the.
social life of Ovcrton. He had a bright
and Interesting family, and to all appear
ances was an attentive and devoted hus
band and father.
Special Dtopatca to Tht Call.
NASSAU, Bahamas, Sept. 13.— A severe
hurricane began here on Wednesday
night and has Just ended. The velocity
of the wind, which came from the north
east, was ninety 'miles. Great damage
has been done to vegetation and farm
products, while the fruit crops have been
ruined. Many houses were damaged, but
no loss of life has been reported.. The
shipping around this island was badly
damaged. No news from the other Isl
ands has yet been received.
KINGSTON, Jamaica. Sept. 13.— The
United Fruit Company's steamer John
"Wilson, which arrived here this after;
noon, reports having been driven ashore
on the island of La Concepcion, Bahamas,
Thursday by a hurricane. She was, how
ever, successfully refloated and proceeded
hither to embark a large number of la
borers for the company's plantations in
Nicaragua.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla.. Sept. 13.-Be
ginnlng Friday morning on the east coast
and Saturday on the west and lasting
twenty-fqur hours, South Florida has
been swept by the strongest hurricane
ever known In that 'part of the State. The
wires went down at the beginning and
railroad service was delayed.'' On ac
count of that no- details have been re
ceived here before to-day. At Miami the
wind attained a velocity of sixty miles
an hour. The car shed of the E«ist Coast
Railway was lifted clear from its foun
dations. " Several small boats were sunk
in the bay. • Passengers on the East
Coast train, which arrived to-night, say
that they saw wrecks along the shore
from Miami to Hobes Sound.
A Standard Oil Company's steamer with
two barges is on the beach near Boyn
ton. The crew of fifteen fnen was saved.
The bodies of two unknown white men
drifted on the beach near Boynton. At
Strake many acres of pine maple heads
were' blown down. At Jupiter the wind
blew seventy-live miles an hour with the
rain falling in torrents.
WILL CELEBRATE
INDEPENDENCE
Judge Cabaniss was greeted with cheers
and applause. He likened the Democratic
party to the vestal virgins, for the reason
that they always had their, lights burn
ing. They were always on fhe spot and
would eventually win out! the principles
they were fighting for. '
The festivities closed bv the entire com*
pany singing the national anthem, '"The
Star Spangled Banner."
A. A. Bailey of Martinez said that he
was an Abraham Lincoln Republican, but
since the days of that great liberator he
had become a Democrat:
Judge James O. Maguire upheld the
Jt-ffersonian Democracy in a forceful
manner and took for his subject "Equal
rights to all. special privileges to none."
James H. Barry in the course of h's
talk referred to the recent action of the
State Board of Equalization. He han
dled the actions of that body without
gloves.
Walker C. Graves .stated that the dor
mant vice in politics was greed.
The feast was served at tables arranged
some distance apart, on a sloping hill,
over which towered lofty redwoods based
by a wealth of woodland foliage. The
tables were laden with edibles of every
kind and description, while the choice
vintages of California's finest products
were everywhere in evidence-
Music, both vocal and \ instrumental,
adOTQ much to the enjoyment of this oc
casion. When the gastronomical portion
of the entertainment had been thorough
ly discussed, speechmaklng became the
order of the day.
J. C. Gorman acted as chairman of the
occasion and introduced the different
speakers in a happy manner.
James V. Coleman made a short and
felicitous talk upon the- subject of the
trinity— the trinity on this occasion being
composed of the stomach, heart and
brain. His remarks called forth great
applause.
William M. Cannon in the course of his
speech gave a rap at President Rooeevelt
on the subject of the "trust problem,"
and inferred that It was a lack of moral
courage that prevented officials ,/from
carrying out what they really knew to be
the right and honest administration of
Government affairs.
The Iroquois Club celebrated the twen
tieth anniversary of Its organization yes
terday by giving a bull's head breakfast
at Larkspur in Redwoods Grove. It was
a great success in every way. The day
was fine and the attendance large. The
twenty-two bull heads, which were do
nated by Jefferson G. James, were cooked
to the "king's taste," and were adjudged
by the epicureans present to be the very
acme of culinary art. At any rate they
disappeared like ice before the blazing
sun.
John Chetwood. G. W. Sutton and Dr.
Luce, the three disappointed treasure
hunters who rt turned with Capta'n Brown
on the Mariposa. made no secret on Sat
urdny that the chargt-s of assault were
made more for the purpose of holding
the aged mariner in cuttody than with
any Idea cf securing a conviction. They
have other and more serious charges to
prefer, they say, but will not be in a
position to make their application for a
¦warrant until after consultation with the
others of the people who contributed the
JSft.OOQ invested in the fortune quest.
Meanwhile they depend upon the assault
charge ard the City Prison to hold the
captain until they are reads*.
The arrest was made by the representa
tive of a private detective agency. As
sault on the high seas is *a felony, and as
the bail where a crime of such degree is
charged is high Captain Brown Is confined
In the City Prison.
The captain denies having at any time
maltreated the complainant, and declares
that nothing more serious than SDlte in
spired his arrest. The real complainants,
he declares, are the men who failed to
find the treasure and who are holding him
responsible for the fruits gathered from
their own folly. The captain takes his
arrest philosophically and declares that in
a few days he will be on his way to his
home. Auburn. R. I., where he will organ
ise a party of men he can trust and with
them sail for the South Seas and gather
the harvest of yellow metal his former
shipmates might have picxed had their
trust in James Brown been more Implfclt.
The men that failed to find the $50,
000,000 treasure In the South Seas found a
way yesterday to begin the operation of
getting back at the ancient mariner whose
rainbow yarn was the cause of their
tribulation. Captain James Brown, late of
the treasure-hunting schooner Herman,
was arrested yesterday as he was leaving
the ticket office at the ferry depot with
two tickets for Oakland in his possession.
He was arrested on five charges of as
sault committed while on the high seas
on the person of R. Karishina, the Her
man's steward. ..;'
Fisher jumped and just as he did so
Blake fired. The first shot missed Fish
er, but Blake fired again and Fisher fell
with a bullet through his right lung.
Blake walked out of the place and went
home, where he was later placed under
arrest. He refuses to make any state
ment. He was taken to Barstow and
lodged in jail. - x
LOS AXGELES. Sept. 13.— Henry Fish
er, aged 26 years, unmarried, agent for
the Santa Fe Railroad at Kramer, San
Bernardino County, was brought to Los
Angeles this morning suffering from a
gunshot wound through the right lung,
from which the physicians say he cannot
recover. He was shot at that desert
town at 6 o'clock Saturday night by John
Blake, postmaster at Kramer, and there
being no physician there, the wounded
man was placed aboard a special train
and taken to Barstow, where he ¦was
placed on board an overland train and
brought to Los Angeles.
Fisher's story of the shooting Is that
he and Blake had a quarrel over some
trivial matter about three weeks ago, but
he did not regard it as at all serious and
the trouble had not been renewed. Satur
day evening, while Fisher was washing
his hand?, Blake entered the Santa Fe
depot and demanded that Fisher produce
certain papers, the nature of which Fish
er did not state. He was told to wait a
moment, and while Fisher continued
washing he heard a gun snap behind him
and tnrned to find himself covered with a
revolver in the hands of Blake.
Si-eclal Dispatch to The Call.
Scheel to Direct Symphony.
Seats are on sale to-day at Shermap.
Clay & Co.'s for the symphony concert
to be given to-morrow" afternoon at the
Grand Opera-house by Fritz Scheel and
his superb orchestra. The programme is
the choicest of all that have been given
thus far and includes among other excep
tional numbers selections from Richard
Wagner's great "Parsifal." which will be
heard here for the first time. Then there
Is -the famous Brahm'fi No. 2 Symphony,
that will be given by request. andXthere
is also Mendelssohn'* beautiful "Midsum
mer NiSht's Dream" and a number of
surprises from the eminent director, llr.
Scbeel who promises this concert to be
the acme of them all. Much interest is
attached to the performance of the "Par-
Bifal" selections, a« San Francisco is the
first city in America that will be honored
with this music.
Many new and unique acts in the vau
deville line are offered at the Chutes
Theater this week, beginning to-night.
• ;•-.•"¦•
"The Cherry Pickers' is on the 1 boards
at th« Central Theater for the coming
week, beginning with this evening's per
formance.
"Even-man" will be given for the last
times the coming week, beginning to
right, at Lyric Hall.
• . •
"The Con-curers" and "The Glad
Hand" form the attractions offered at
Fischer's Theater for the week beginning
this evening.
Florence Roberts will appear in
"Magda" at the Alcazar Theater this
week, beginning to-night.
"II -Trovatore" will be sung at the
Tivoil Opera-house on Monday. Wednes
day, Friday and Saturday evenings of
this week and "La Sonnambula" is the
programme for Tuesday. Thursday and
Saturday matinee.
Henry Miller and Margaret Anglin will
produce "The Aftermath" at the Colum
bia Theater this week, beginning to-night.
"A Friend of the Family," with Alice
Johnson and George W. Barnum, will be
continued at the California Theater dur
ing the' week commencing this evening.
"The I^aJy Slavey" was presented last
night at the Grand OpTa-houpe by the
Pollard Lilliputian Opera Company and
packed hou«=e was fortunate enough to
greet the little ones' presentation of this
ni«->?t laughable of musical skits. The
same piece will be given for the next
three r.'ghts.
If one b« suffering from ennui and the
reaction that comes cf much theater at
tendance there can be no better cure than
to witness the performance at the Grand.
To say that the little ones equal com
panies of greater renown and more years
!s doing thrm scant justice. In freshness,
musical ability, thorough training and
bright stage work they far excel xno.^t
organizations that nightly pack the large
theaters cf the country. They are a rev
elation of what natural ability and excep
tional training can do with children of
tender cge. Entire absence of self-con
sciousness and a complete conception of
their various parts characterize ¦ their
work.
It seems almost invidious to single out
particular characters where all do so
well, but undoubtedly Master Teddy Mc-
Namara and Miss Merle Pollard, tots
scarcely in their teens, made the hit of
the night when they appeared as the
"Bowery boy and girl." The audience
will tmile for days over the picture they
presented*. Daphne ¦ Pollard, as Phyllis,
the lady slavey, was so precociously de
lightful that every one fell in love with
her. Jack Pollard was -wonderfully good
in the comical part cf Roberts. Alice.
Ivy and Fred Pollard added interesting
musical and terpsichorean features to
the performance. Grown folk as well as
children should not miss the Pollards. J
Princess I>o*oros, an East Indian, who
was born In Calcutta and whose voice
was trained jn both Germany and France,
becomes more than a favorite as a prirr.a.
«lonna soprano. Her voice Is of the col
o.rattire order, much as Melha's, and po«=
ressps a softness and sweetness that is
entrancing. In many of the cadenzes the
princess' note? are so pure and flexible
that It was almost impossible to distin
truifh her voice from the flute ih.it ac
companies her. Her first number was B
theme and variations from Proch: her sre
ond. "Ixj. Hear the Gentle Lark." by
Bishop, in which the flute oblicato was
played by Antone Lcgar. As a closing
rong ch*> rendered "Violets." and in a
manner that won her many encores ami
Insured for her a welcome ever in this
city.
James Richard Glenroy. "the man with
the green gloves." brought out one con
tinuous laugh and handed his stuff to his
listeners at the pace of a rapid-fire gun.
His gags and speeches are all new and
he is we'-l received. Arnesen is a won
derful eaui'ibrist and acrobat. He does
work on a rope that has not been Sfen
h<-rr before and is a king pin In his line.
Almont and Dumont. Fischer and Wacker,
Frederick Bond and company and the
rriginal Rio brothers complete the show.
The first brings out La Porte, or main
entrance to the exposition, and the sec
ond. "L* Villiage Sulese." opens with a
beautiful scene of a Swiss hamlet on the
shores of a mountain lake. By the clever
manipulation of switches by two women
who eland at either end of the stage day
fades Into night, clouds flake the sky.
Then Increase In volume and gradually a
tempest arises. Rain pelts down and
lightning flashes. After the sky clears
the flrn rays of the sun are seen on the
distant crags and day dawns and the sun
rises In a manner most realistic. The
third tableau consists cf experiments In
« "Hail of Illusions." Suspended above
the stage, drums beat and mechanical
birfis. chirp and sing to an orchestral ac
companiment. In the fourth the beauties
of a night festival on "L* Champs Mars"'
hold the si>ectators In wonder.
" Kousby presents the most marvelous
<* C:rlCal noveltr ever seen on the Pa
cific Coast at the Orpheum this week. A
description en paper sufficient to enable
one to appreciate :ts beauty and wonder
would be impossible. The splendcr In
light and color that responds to the touch
of fingers on a switchboard can only be
realized when Been and the effects bring
the audience face to face with a picture
r < interest and serming magic. The act
consists of an electrical review In four
tableaux, showing the best features of
Parisian life during the exposition of
1900.
Prominent Democrats Make
Speeches Pertinent
to Occasion.
Young Employe of Santa Fe
. Railroad Is Seriously
"Wounded.
Poisoned.
Reports Circulated That the
Woman's Husband Was
The Pollards Appear in "The
Lady Slavey" at Grand
Opera House.
Freight .Steamer Is Driven
Aehore on Island of
La Concepcion.
Charge of Assault Is Prelim
inary to More Serious
Accusations.
Passes on to Both East
and West Coasts
of Florida.
Breakfast at Larkspur
Is Very Largely
Attended.
Introduction of French
• Novelty at the
Orpheum.
to KilL
Quarrel in Desert Town
Results in an Effort
Arrest of Instigator of
$50,000,000 Treas
ure Hunt.
Nevada Police Officials
Search for Missing
NEW ELECTRICAL
ACT ON BOARDS
IROQUOIS CLUB
HOLDS REUNION
CAPTAIN BROWN
GOES TO JAIL
TERRIFIC GALE
SWEEPS BAHAMAS
DOCTOR LEAVES
WITH A WIDOW
DAVID JONES,
AGED PIONEER,
PASSES AWAY
AGENT IS SHOT
BY POSTMASTER
THE SAN FK ANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, 1903.
PROMINENT CAPITALIST AND
.LUMBERMAN. WHO DIED
LEAVING LARGEESTATE.
Loyalty -and respect to the flag were
shown yesterday afternoon when the
heads were bared as the • Golden Gate
Park band played the . "Star Spangled
Banner." George H. Thomas Post. . G."
A. R., has been foremost In bringing
about this action whenever the national
anthem is played. A, large number, of
veterans were present and assisted in In-'
aug-uratins this new mark of patriotism.
Respect to National Anthem.
7
ADVtUtTISTnvrFrtJTS.
In
.Next Sunday Call.
Have yon ween the
. Cats?
Fanny, aren't they t
Well, . they, are not half
as howling: aa
the
" "Meows of; a Kitty."
* By Kate .Thyaon Marr
§ SOUPS
"A good soup is half a dinner. ' *
It is a good dinner that
begins with a good soup.
" Soups often lack richness
• J&$ au * t eas % reme died by
LEA&PERR1NS'
SAUCE
THE ORIGINAL WORCESTERSHIRE.
Add it to oyster stews, fish, salads, chops, pot-au-feu,
meats hot or cold, game, rarebit, macaroni, etc.
JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS, Agents, NEW YORK.THE 'SAK FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, 1903?
8
1 SrmiTUALISM.
AiVr'iykd— PROW. FRED P. EVANS, the fa-
mous r.sychic: ttaicn for circular. 1112 Eddy
it., near Octavia.
A— ETHEL CRIN'DLB. materialiTlnx secaces
Friday and Sunday eves,. 50c. 1115 Post st.
1CAT1H HECSSMAN, circhi Friday evening,
25c; sittings. 10O0 Harrison zt.. cor. SLxtti.
KDWARD EAKLE. 1052 Kills, readings daily,
9:30 to 4: f»ane>« Sundey ar.d Thursday.
CLA1UV O V AS ITS .
ATTENTION— H $1 Ji $1 $T
My regular ?S readings this* week for
$1 $1 «l fl $1 $1 $1 $1
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE,
The Cm registered Trance Clairvoyant and
P&!tnt«t ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee
to make no charge If I fail to tell you your
rarer, occupation and what you called for; I
I-rcus'.se to tail you wbetuer husband, wife
cr rwc«t.ht«rt 2a true or false; I tell you
. whom acd when you will inarry; in fact, I
Will ttU you erery hope, fear or ambition
better ths= jwj can tell yourself; I Improve
your character so that you will reach th»
highest possible development In mental vig-
or. hea»I::i, liai>p!r.es? and capacity to earn
wtaitt. so you will live hap?y and contented
tht re«t cf your li.'e. Hr's— 10 r, m. to 8 p.
_ g».; Sunday. 2 to 3. Z2&— OFarreU St.— 324.
UlIZL AC. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium. p*rma-
nebtly located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present htrpen'.nss and portrays events to
cK'cur la ihe future; if you ar* liytroable, dis-
contented or not satisfied in life, or have do-
rr.estlc. Jove or business trouble*, consult this
great medium and you will be told how to
overcome them; valuable advice in all affairs
of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaranteed; read-
lcgs by mall. Tel. Black 45C3.
ISMAK. the Egyptian gypty, clairvoyant and
palrnUt, perruaucntly located &t 1104 Market
et., cor. Turk; private readings daily. 10 a.
m. to 5 p. iu. ; reedlnss by mall as satisfac-
tory -as in perven; 3 questions answered, $1:
fvll life. $5: Kecd leck of hair, date and year '
of biith: don't tend currency. Send postofflce,
VTell*-F«nro money order or registered letter.
A— MWK. PORTER, scientific clairvoyant and
card reader, born with a double veil and sec-
ond sight; tells the past, present and future;
ladies. 60c: gents. $1; by cards, palmistry
and clairvoyant ?;it!asr: $1 W). 126 Turk ct.
Mrs. A. H. Kronenberc. palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader, will give a good reading, loc. for
a short time only; when others fall try me to
convince yourself. 4C2 Franklin, near Grove.
MISS ZCUDAR yourg gifted clair. and palm.;
has second sight: a wonderful prophetess;
j nemes; L. .We; G. ?1. 714 Frankltn.nr.G.G.ave.
I A — M:re. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
nm«a plven: 25c up. 5 4*tn St.. near Market.
MISS WARD, high psychic medium and palm-
!.v. ; hours S a. m. to 0 p. m. 413 Mason st.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c,
gents &<*•. 9&1 Mission St.. nr. 6th; open Sun.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladles
gents 5Cc; readinrs daily. 132 Sixth ?t.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in city.
28% Kearny. room 20; ladl»s 25c. gents SOc.
1IRS. KHAFER. Hairvoyant, card reader: Fit-
tlrtrs <3«i'.y. -WS>4 Jessie St.. bet. 5th and 6th. '
DENTISTS. ~
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market. nr.Eleventh ¦
— No charge for extracting when plates are
mede; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set: extracting, 5Oc: gas given.
1 '
i A NEW platt — The Whalebone — cannot break;
> warranted 20 yrs. ; crown. $3 50; fillings. 50c;
plates, $5: full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
I PARIS Dental Parlors. SI5 Kearny. cor. Bush —
; Set teeth. VI &0 up; crowns. $2 up; fllllDgi>,25c.
I GOLD fillings, 7&c; silver, 35c: crowns. $2; no
: ptln ; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hrwitt.2tH Sutter.
10 PER CENT off this month: estimates free.
New York Pontifts. f'ffl Mission ft., oor. «th.
DRESSMAKERS AM) SBASISTRHSSES"
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Milliner}- Bchool
— Any pattern cut to measure. 101'J Market.
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
PYEIWG AM) CL1CA.M.NG.
SEA fcreeies sweeten all garments, blankets.
lace curtains, etc., done by the Presidio
Heights Live Wo:ks. 3915 Sacramento; phene
for v.agon West 4M. H. HICKMAN. prea.
KUUCAT . I " J *. A^ < :.
A— CALDWELL College of Oratory, Acting,
Optra and Authorship; largest in the West;
14 teachers; positions guaranteed; fall term
btgina tSfpt. 7; day and evening class; beauti-
ful new catalogue free. 1285 Market, cor. 8th.
I HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Poet. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches;
day and night sessions, lllus. catalogue free.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1238 Mar-
ket; modern, progressive, practical; estab-
lished 15 years. Gregg shorthand, fastest,
easiest, most readable. Actual buslnee*
bookkeeping; typewriter at home free.
AYHES. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket St.; special summer course in all depart-
ments; handsome catalogue free; life scholar-
ship. $50; day and evening nesslona.
, CALIFORNIA CusineM College, 305 Larkin st.
"A thorough school" ; positions 6ecured for
graduates; modern methods; Individual In-
etruction. Write for Illustrated catalogue.
HINMAN*S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk St..
between Pine and California: both adult and
children'* classes are now open for the season.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electricity,24 Post
St., S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
! complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln.. nsech-. sur-
vey, aesay, cyanide; day. eve.; est 1884» Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
j SYSTEM, discipline and results; the Golden
I Gate Commercial College. Van Ness and Gol-
I* den Gate aves.. 8. F. : fills every requirement.
! DANCING Tuesday. Thursday, Saturday aid
Sunday evenings at Teutonla. Hall. Howard
st.. near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PAKTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar. writing,
etc; day or eve.; $5 mo. 102* Mission, nr. 6th.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market. nr.lOth.
PIttman shorthand, typing, bookkp*.. $3 mo.
E5IPLOYMEXT OFFICES.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post st.; tel. Bush 135—
Japanese - Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chlnr-se help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A— GRAND Japanese-Chinese Ercp. Office. 415
Stocktcn: tel. Grant 16S; expert, reliable help
CHINESE Employment Office — Best help at
Leon Eeugy's. 411^ O'FarreU; tel. East 420.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 year*.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
L-M t'LO V->J K.Vi' WAXTEU V EMALB.
RELIABLE girl wants position cooking end
light hou6ev;ork or Reeond work. Call 1315
Sleven3cn sr., near Thirteenth.
COMPETENT woman wants work by the day;
work from 9 to 2. Box i'2Z>4. Call office.
German woman would like to go out by day,
waehintr. Ironing and cleaning. Box 1203, Call.
A NEAT, reliable, respectable German girl 6
months in this country requires situation to
do housework and assist with cooking in a
Rood family. Address MISS TIEMANN. Cs>
Tehama st.
RELIABLE woman wants work by the day;
house cleaning and flannel washing specialty,
$1 60 day. Box 1742. Call.
FIRST-CLASS cook desires a situation. Call
13 Tehama st. MRS. J. LADNIER.
AN experienced stenographer wishes position.
S14 Examiner building, third floor.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
. Call at Eaton's Bazaar, (33 McAllister at
CLASSIFIED #dvertiscmeiits and "subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2300 Fillmore.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED— MALe!
UNENCUMBERED, healthy, active, reliable"
henest, refined, elderly widower desires posi-
tion as companion to Invalid or others on !
land or sea; guardian, custodian or some
other suitable employment. Address R. F'
P. O. box 21C3. San Francisco. Cal.
A BOY of 16, /understanding shorthand and
tyoewrltlnj, would like to do office work
where there is a chance of advancement, F
L., box l?jQ. Call office.
AN elderly couple would like position to take
charge of gsntleman's home In country best
of references given. A. G. S.. box 413s, Call.
HANDY elderly man wants work to care for
horse, cow, garden and chickens: reference*
Address Handy, box 1249, Call office.
BAKERS — First-class cake baker and confec-
- tioner, grood on bread, wants situation city
or country. JOJJES, 316 Turk st. . ' .'
ENGINEER (stationary) ' wishes situation; city
or country; can do own repairs; reference
given. Box 4144, Ca,ll.
WANTED — Situation by an experienced mixol-
ogist; German, with best of references. Box
4176. Call office.
A YOUNG colored man desires work of any
kind; best references. 171 Minna «U
SAX PRATi CISCO CALL.
CUSncESS OFFICE of the San Ffandeoo
Can. ocrrwr Market and Third strrets; opea
ur.tll 12 o'clock every eight tn the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montxtwnery street,
corner Oay; cre.n until »:30 p. m.
800 Hayva street; open until »:30 p. m.
«» McAlUs:«r sti— I; open u=Hl 9:30 r. m.
('..*. L*rkan street; open un'Jl 9:30 p. rn.
i:41 Mlssloa street; open until 10 p. a.
:?C1 Uarket street, corner £!xteeatfc; opes
USt" t JQ. Di.
IX Element »U— lj open catll ¦ p. M.
loan Valencia rvn-rt; open until 9 p. tn.
r.ortteast coreor Church acd Duacon streets;
c.irn vsxil 9 p. n>.
Ncrthwest ccrcer cf Twe=ty-e*coad ana Ken-
tucky streets; cp«n until S p. m.
»» r:::aor» str*«*; opec^csttl 9 p. m.
SlKUllXi .NOTICES.
?AN FrancUo Chapter No. J, P-oyal »
Arch Maaoas, meets THIS EVEN-VSf
H. G. PUiXCE, Secretary^
OCCIDENTAL LoC|re No. 22. T. end A- B
M.. T1IIS MONJ'AT) EVENING, at'^^f'
7:S0 e'eiock. l^st orgre*. By order /V\
of tbe n .aster.
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
HP3I1IANN Lodge No. 327. F. fcn3 A. «
M.— Copied mwi!i5 THIS DAY VV* 1
, MONDAY). September 1*. l»03. at /V\
7:£> o'clock p. ia. Decree 1. By or-
der cf the %v. M. • -
L. semniACHER, Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 1G», F. and A. M. O^
— Officers and members are hereby jLjT
notified to attend the funeral drour /V \
ieceaeed brother. JAMES FANNING
HALLOCK. fr#m the hall of this lodge, TO-
MORROW (TcESDAT) eftercocn, at 1:30
o clock. By order of the W. M.
R. E. ALLEN. Secretary.
KING Bolomon'B Lodge NoT~2eo~F. & q
A. M., 1S39 rlllmore st.; first degree WV
THIS EVENING at 7:30 /V\
HARRY BAEKR\ Secretary. f
THE Calilercla Debris Commission bavins re-
ceived applications to mine by hydraulic
procc&s from C. A. Poase. In Phelps Hill
raiae. near Washington, Nevala County.
Cal., draining into Jefferson Cr**k, which
it-aches South Tuba River; frua Plumas
Mines Company, in Plumas mines, near
vulncy. Plumaa County. Cal., draining into
t-quirrel Creek, which reaches North Fork of
Feather River; from Excelsior Hydraulic
Mining Company. In Excelsior mine, nesr
I.oweil Hill. Nevada County, Cal., drainfng
into North Fork St»*p Hollow Cr**k. which
reaches TVather Riv«-r, gives notice that
meeting will be held at room BG. Flood build-
ing. San FranclEco. Cal.. September 2S. 1903,
at 1 "-30 c m.
ATTOnNKYS-AT-LAW.
ADVICE FREE. ESTABLISHED 22 YEARS.
DiTcreee s specialty. Private. Culck.
NO PAT UNLESS SUCCEESFIOm
G. W HOWE. ATTORNEY AT LAW.
1122 Market Rt., offices 1, 2, 3. 4 and ft.
BEWARE: OF FRAUDS.
Ar.y or.e can advertise, but ualess the adver-
i:feanent eays "Attorney at Law" tbe party
advertising is not a lawyer; don't- be fooled.
ADVICE FREE
COLUMBIAN LAW AGENCY
P.m. E5. D1C Market; tel. P.ed 618; bad ten-
ar.ts ejected epcedlly and reasonably; collec-
tions attended to; attachments; corporations
organized; civil and criminal practice.
P.OBT. W. KING, atty-et-law. Examiner bid.,
rra. 611; all case*, damages, estates, wills,
attachments, collections, etc.: consultation
free; no advance charger; call or write;
cveninps by appointment. T>1. Red 3C01.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost in meritori-
ous caser. divorce*, probate and all other law
cases: no fees in advance: open every even-
irg. J. M. THURSTON. SI 9 Market St.. r. 3L
I IVORCE — Cost* $12: quick, ouiet; open even-
:r.gs. 827 Market tt., room 301.
L. fi. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
Y.< t et. ; consultation free; no fee* in advance.
AITKEN & AITKEN attorneys, rs. 309-10-11.
Clunie bldg.. S03 California st. ; trl. Main 727.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
lsw business. W. \V. Davidson. 027 Market.
ADVICE free: all cases; open evenings. M.
L. RYAN. fcSO Market ft., cor. Stockton.
BIRDS, DOGS. ETC.
YOUNG talking parrots,$5 each;G«rman singing
c&nanee, $2; we xrill try to please you; every-
th'.r.g in our line at right prices. 1M6 Market.
n. G. WILKE. 2C»4 Kearny st.
Established 12 years. Real estate and busi-
ness agency. If you want to sell cr buy go
to 2Ci» Kecrny. References; Examiner,
Call and Chronicle.
A ?l«00 RESTAURANT and coffee saloon, opp.
ferries bids:.; lease; place clearing at least
*300 per munth. See R. G. WxLKE. 2«H
Kearni' st.
C. M. PETEREEN, 1035 Market rt.
Phone Folsom S318.
Hotel, restaurant and lunch house bargains.
22-rocm furnished hotel, with lease, bert
trade, well known and offered cheap; see
• wner here.
$1500 — All-night oyster, chop and coffee
parlore; clears $300 per month; books open
lor Inspection: trial given; don't delay.
First-claM restaurant. Market et.: good
intre: place for baker}'; elegant and cheap
tt $2000.
For other bargains please call In person.
SALOON. SALOON. SALOON.
Oood corner: new safe; cash register; pool
table; lease. 1O69 Howard.
BUSINESS partner reetaurant or eell entirely;
fine location; elwap rent. MRS. COLLINS,
. r >73 Hcwerd et.
WANTED — Party with capital to take up new
invention, protected by 2 U. S. patents, for
purpose of putting on market :n U. S. ; in-
vpstlgate. Box 1736, Call.
GET your ebare*'. Great success! See the new
raw filing machine. Office room. 4 Flood
bldg.. or at M. P. ECHELL'S. Model Maker
52» Mission «t.
FOR sale — The HOTEL NEVADA. a first-
cless hotel at Reno, Nev.; fine location; sur-
rounded by trees, larpe lawn and doing good
businees; selling account of poor health.
$700— GROCERY and bar. Apply at S6S Elev-
enth st.
BAKERY — Fine location In Rio Vista: good
h«ker will do well. Address DAN Mc-
QBAOOH. Rio Vista, Cal.
FOR eale cr rent— Fully equipped, modern.
peylnjr boepital In Southern California city.
Address P. O. box 457. San Bernardino.
FOR sale — Good oyster and chop house. 120
Seventh St.
FOR eale — A good ealoon In Oakland. Inquire
H GLOY. 1 Telegraph ave.
.FOR SALE: — An inside route en this paper.
For particulars apply at office.
A bakery; delicacy; all store trade; $25 a day;
price tlSOO: no acer.ts. 715 McAllister st.
LODGiSG-HOUSES FOU SALE.
100 ROOMSrrbouse for men; rent $140 $4000
fi8 recrns; couth of Market: rent $100.. COCO
21 rocmt; corner: part cash: bal. easy. £50
II rooms; cood income; rent 120... .... 350
21 rooms'; water front; rent $40; lease.. 650
120 rooms; pood lease; low rent C5O0
67 nna.; apartments; Western Add.;rent 250
Money leaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, roefihouses. flats. 6 to 100 rooms
EITEL A CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
FOR sale — 22 rooms. Fourth et; house lust
tenovated; rood carpets; bargain If sold this
month; people going to country. Box 1250,Call
$1000; INVESTIGATE to-day; must sell- 21
roomy; rent S50; clears $S5. 1063 Howard st.
EIGHT large rooms on Grant a\-e. For all
particulars Inquire at S16 Sutter St.. saloon
CAKPET BEATING A Jf D CLEAAIJTG.
AIR, compressed, dry. Ice cold, is now uolver-
eally used In sanitarily cleaning carpets, on
floor, Without removal or injury: prices mod-
erate. * Apply 8. F\ COMPRESSED AIR
CLEANING CO.. CSsll bid.; phone Main £237.
WHEN you become distrusted with your work
•end for SPAULDINO'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
Ing Works, 355-357 Tchama st. ; tel. South 40.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor, 329 Guerrero st. ; tel. Mission 49.
TRY HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet-beating-
mattresses made over. 1432 Howard ;Soutb 210
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Putter St.-
ttl. Main S34. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props!
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 2G3.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works
S33 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS;
DUNLAP FOOT INSTITUTE. 60 Geary—An
ailments of the feet cured : corns, bunions. etc.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BANGHART it WEYER,-
Collectors.
No. 1170 Marteet s*. Room 87.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections ma.de:
city or country. PACDTIC COLLECTION'
CO., «J6 Montgomery rooms 9-10; tel. 6589.
HELP WANTED— MALE— Con.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
520— SACRAMENTO ST.— 82s >
Phone Main 1191— Cor. Leidesdorff St.
. STEAMER BAILS TO-MORROW A. M.
TO ASTORLV.
ASTORIA. ASTORIA,
bo be sure and call to-day.
60 laborers, you'll suit. $57 and found.
23 rockmen. $30 and found.
This Is company work; year's Job; you can
work all winter; NO STRIKE: NO DIS-
COUNT; good board, pure water; some men
make $80 month and beard; the fare is only
$3 with berth and m«als. and the FKE Is
$1- to ASTORIA, OREGON, near PORT-
LAND. OREGON. We are the only office
shipping to ASTORIA.
WILLITS— UKIAH ROUTE— FREE FARE.
FEE $1.
25 laborers and teamsters, S2 25 day.
BIG- TUNNEL— NEAR CITY— FREE FARE.
FEE $1.
10 muckers, $60; 5 tunrelmen $75.
CASPAR. MENDOCINO CO.— BIG TUNNEL*
— FEE FARE — Steamer calls to-day; FEE $t.
Teamster*, laborers, tunnelmen.
BUTTE CO.— CHICO— HALF FARE— FEE $1
Teamsters, laborers, rockmen. $67 50 to $75
DIAMOND MATCH CO.'S OWN WORK-
HALF FARE.
Laborers, ballast. Iron men and splkera.
$^ 10 to $2 50 day; NO DISCOUNT: FEE $1.
BUTTE CO. R. R.— FEE $1.
. Laborers, trackmen. Iron men and apikers,
$2 to $2 50 day.
MANUFACTURING CO.— LABORER?.
15 laborers, you'll suit. $45 found; FEE $1.
HALF PARE— EUREKA— HALF FARE.
EUREKA— HUMBOLDT COUNTY.
20 laborers, large sawmill company. $2 day.
board SOc day. all year's work.
11 lumber pliers, see boss here. $40 and found;
free fare: It's NORTH: Al JOB.
800 laborers and experienced hands; WOODS.
YARDS and MILLS all over STATE; see us.
FRUIT PICKERS. . FRUIT PICKERS.
NAPA. YOLO. MARIN. TULARE. SANTA
CLARA. SACRAilENTO. TEHAMA.
STANISLAUS. ALAMEDA. SOLANO AND
CONTRA COSTA COUNTIES.
600 men or boys to pick fruit, work In dry
yards and packing houses; If you are willing
to work you can fill tbe bill: wages $1 to
$1 25 day and board, some 17%c per hour.
also $1 25 and $2 day and board where you
please; FEES $1; we are the recognized head-
quarters for fruit picking, etc.
10 trackmen, near city. $2 23 day, free fare.
FEE $1; 10 laborers, near city. $2 25 day; 3
laborers, handle fruit, grain. $3 day: 12
farmers. $26 to $35 and found: 3 choremen.
Sausallto; cheeeemaker, $40 and found; 3
milkers. • x^
B. P. R. R. CO*S Own Work— FREE FARE.
200 teamsters, extra gang men. all over
State; also M*rced and Fresno: FEE $1.
MISCELLANEOUS.
8 carpenters, different Jobs, see us; 10 drill-
ers, $45 and found; 200 laborers, different
Jobs, some city; cook, mine, south, easy job.
boss here.. $50 and, found; 20 miners, $75; 2G0
muckers and carmen. $60 to $75; baker, coun-
try shop, $12 to $14 week and found; cook.
board in gr-house, $50 and found; cook. $10 and
found: waiters and dishwashers. Men. we
have 600 other jobs not advertised: call and
see us and get a free list of Jobs at PA-
CIFIC EMP. AGENCY. 520 Sacramento st.
EXPERIENCE© bedmaker; $9 per week. Call
st Yosemlte House. 1045 Market st.
WANTED— A good cook for boarding-house.
Jefferson Hotel, Harbor View.
BARBERS — I will buy or rent 1 or 2 chair
outfit. Address box 1251. Call office.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 60 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 60; we ray
express or mall chgs. 11 Third St.. Exam, bid.
WANTED — For the U. S. Marine Corps, able-
bodied, unmarried men. between 21 and 85:
good character; must speak, read and write
English; marines serve at sea on men-of-war
In all parts of the world, on land in our ls<-
and possessions, and at naval stations In the
United States. Apply at recruiting office. 40
Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cal.: 222 tt N. Mala
St.. Los Angeles C«l.. and 401 K st.. Sacra-
mento. Cal. ¦
WANTED — First-class hardware man to take
charge of dept.. understanding shelf, heavy
hardware, vehicles, implements; state age,
salary, etc.; refs. must accompany applica-
tion. J^DInkelsp^_^(rr6 ;^__Bakersflel<l.
WANTED — Educated man to learn our busi-
ness and take responsible position when
qualified; position permanent; salary $900:
references required. GEO. L. SHUMAN &
CO., 04 Columbian building.
WANTED — First-class fancy goods^and notion
man to accept position In Los Angeles; rrfust
come well recommended; state age, experi-
ence and salary expected. Apply box 4191,
Call office.
WANTED — Educated gentleman to locate In
Oaklanit and write short articles for publica-
tion, $18 per week; no communications an-
swered without references. Box 1720. Call.
WANTED — Educated gentleman to locate In
Oakland and write short articles for publica-
tion; $19 per week: no communications an-
swered without references. Box 1720. Call.
MEN to learn barber trade: only eight weeks
rejuired: special offer this month; catalogue
and full Information mailed free. MOLER
SYSTEM COLLEGE. 633 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 25c to SOc per night.
FIRST-CLASS man for general office work;
state age. experience and salary expected.
Address box 1247, Call office.
WANTED — Rough carpenters .and laborers.
Apply room 14. 26 Montgomery St., San
Francisco Construction Company.
ERRAND and cash boys. ROOS BROS.,
Kearny at Post.
FURNISHED barber shop; rent reasonable to
right man. Apply 1633 Turk st. 4
ERRAND boy with good recommendations.
ROGERSON'S. 535 Valencia st.
WANTED — Strong errand boy. E. H. LEVY
Inc.), 513 Market st. . - v*
WANTED — Man for nursery and general work.
600 Halsht st.
TWO chair barber shop; cheap If sold within
three days. 405 Santa Clara St., Vallejo.
WANTED — Good general blacksmith and
shoer.' H. HORTOP. Rutherford. Cal.
FIRST-CLASS presser on vests. 230H Ninth
St., opposite Clementina.
BOY. lfl to 18. to work In blacksmith shop.
Call 2039 Folsom st.. near Twenty-second.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
PENSION atty. E. A. Bullls. room 40. Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. Q.A.R.
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition In S. V.
Barber • School. 741 A Howard st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. C5c night; reading rooms:
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH ofnee for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1004
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. £200 Flllnsore.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. J563 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 26c
to 50c. 663 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES AND WAGOXS. ™
GRAND auction sale: all horses, wajjons, har-
I ness, plows, scrapers and ether material be-
longing to Greely & Son. contractors, with-
out reserve. Tuesday, September 16. 11 a. m. '
at stables, 7th, bet. Pt. Lotos and Clement!
SEE W. G. Layne's advertisement in auction
sale column and attend the~sale tc-night at
Occidental Horse Exchanse. 246 Third st.. ir
. you want a. horse that trill suit you.
ON account of going to build, entire stock of
wagons, buggies and harness must be sold at
sacrifice. Corner 15th and Valencia sts.
FOR sale^ — Express wagon, with top frame
canvaa. Apply 4047 Twenty-sixth st.
FOR SALE — Handsome trap; cheap. Box 10CO
Call office.
ONE fine surrey, 4 buggies.' 1 pony and 2 pony
carts for sale. 1504 Folsom st.
r GOOT> hor»y fcr gwl» cheap. ?.T7 JsiTt* «t.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and gocart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
U0UgK9 TQ UjJ-j:
X^RtNraD'nsV^t "h^ouses to .let;" send" forclr*
, colar. O. H. UMBSEN * CO..14 Montgomery!
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantaee of
this department; It will save you timfand
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Gearv
St., on the square. .. - «»ry
VAN NESS ave.. 2106. near Pacific ave.-
. Modern house. 10 rooms; rent $70.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houMi
to let. BALDWIN -A HOWELU 25 Po?"?"
HOUSES ' TO LET KUKSISHEO.
OAK. 419— Elegantly furnished house: 10 rooms
and 2 baths; large garden; grand view.
WANTED— For . six months or longer; modern
furnished home; Presidio Heights district-
rent no object: must contain tea rooms or
more. , , Box K38» Call office. -
HELP -WASTEPi — MALE— Con.
MURRAY i & READY, .". - :
Phone Main 5S48. 634 and C38 Clay et.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Office half block long; 14 clerks employed:
by our own ..printing plant we publish a.
"FRKE" . Bulletin of Labor, containing every
position stsregated under department*, ready
for distribution 7 a. m. ; also noon and even- '
Ing editions. GET ONE FREE. German,
Italian, French, tipanlsh. Portuguese, Greek
speken.
THIS IS WHAT
MADE US FAMOUS.
"We know no distinction between man and
man. -
TOU ARB ALL EQUAL.
,. YOU ARK ALL WELCOME.
1903 WE GAVE 1808 WE'LL OrVB
46.000 MEN WORK^ 6O.0W MEN WORK.
TO " I>AT SHIP FREE TO
NEV ADA, ARIZONA.
OREGON, LOS ANGELES.
HAWAIIAN ISLANDS. WILLITS, UKIAH.
AND ALL POINTS SE. AND SANTA FE.
NORTH. EAST AND SOUTH.
RAILROAD HELP of every dtscrlptlon. In-
cluding drillers, hammer and corner men.
muckers, laborers, teamsters, blacksmiths,
cooks and waiters, $5. $4, $3, $2 day.
MURRAXJfc READY. 034-036 Clay it.
CARPENTERS— FREE FARE.
4 carpenters, large winery, fare $3, $40 fd.
Carpenter, ranch, 30c fare, $40 and found,
a carpenters, houso work, fare $1 30, $3 60
day. •
ltt carpenter*, big lumber company, north,
bees here,
15 carpenters, fl helpers, big water power,
south, fid and $67 60.
MURRAY & READY. fl34 and 636 Clay at.
¦*RE YOU GOING FRUIT PICKING TO-DAY
OR TO-MORROW? 295 men wanted; any-
body can. do the work; a man or a boy who
can eat fruit can Dick fruit.
n $1 FEB. $1 PARE.
ESS? * 3T 50 found FRUIT
PICKING $30 found PICKING
. TO-DAY $34 found. TO-DAY.
Borne to work about packing and dry houses;
you can have a good vacation. Go, come back
with $90 to $120. We ship NORTH. EAST,
SOUTH: also man to the great wineries.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
comE ¦
863 laborers, teamsters, city and country
jobs, $3, $2 CO and $3 day. All classes of
. work. »
Come, see. : .
155 Italians, $2 25 day.
You board yourselves. Steady Jobs.
. 26 laborers, free fare. 14 miles away. $42
and found.
155 coal miners, free fare, $3 to $5 day.
105 laborers, teamsters. Willits. Uklah, free
fare, $67 50. -
DO YOU KNOW— FREE FARE.
On every train we ship to 8. P. Co.'s own
work, on all divisions, laborers, extra gangs;
also section hands.
DIAMOND MATCH COMPANY.
186 teamsters and axmen. $75.
197 laborers and drillers, $75.
155 track layers, ballast track. $67 50.
Cost you only $1; no discount; steady Job.
MINES. QUARRIES, TUNNELS..
155 laborers, you'll suit. $60 $75 found.
96 miners and tlmbermen, $00 found.
1S8 quarrymen, also drillers, $82 to $90.
£K5 carmen, furnace men, $75.
STABLES. FARMS, DAIRIES, HARVEST.
106 farm, orchard, vineyard hands, $30 to $45
and found.
38 milkers, butter-makers, $30. $35. $40 fd.
156 harvest hands, hay balers, $2 SO, $3 day.
68 choremen, coachmen, gardeners, $30 to $50
and found. _
16 stablemen, city and country7"*30 to $45 fd.
86 men for brickyards, $35 to/$SO found.
MARRIED HELP WANTED.
12 men and wives, farms, orchards, mines,
mills, $40 to $70 and found.
MURRAY & READY,
634 and- 636 Clay st.
WHERE ARE THEY?
SB lumber trusts and syndicates.
Located In Four States.
Manager Here Two Territories.
FREE— FREE— FREE.
005 laborers, no experience wanted, $35 to
$70 and found.
188 experienced mill and yard men, $40 to
$150 and found.
383 woodchoppers, $40 to $50 and found.
386 woodchoppers, tiemakers, shingle, post,
picket and box bolt makers; tools and pro-
visions found. -
. BIG L MURRAY & READY,
TRUSTS. 634 and C36 Clay st.
A— COOKS. BIG PAY.
COOKS, BIG PAY. COOKS, COOKS.
26 cooks for harvest and fruit ranches, hay
presses, etc.. $70. $60, $50, $40. $30 found;
very few men to cook for; no women there.
4 cooks for different mines, $70. $65, $50. $40
found.
46 cooks, hotels, restaurants, cafes, saloons,
etc.. $70* to $40 found.
WAITERS.
82 waiters different places, Including cafes,
grills. $45 to $30 found.
6 bell and elevator boys, city and country
positions. $15 to $30 found.
9 porters and bedmakers, city and country
positions. $45 to $20 found. >
86 dishwashers, etc.. city and all parts of
\ California, $40 to $25 found. .
18 boys to learn trades and work In fac-
tories. $6 to $12 week.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
SPECIAL —BY— TELEGRAPH
MIDNIGHT —BY— PHONE & LEffTER
Carpenter Solano Co.. fare $1 50. $3 75 day.
3 German's, wine cellar, city. $10, $12 week.
15 laborers. large mine company, fare $2,
$30 found.
Fireman. $2 60 day; assistant foreman,
12 laborers, city factory, board home, $60.
3 young men. city mill. $9; laborer, help
carpenter, $60.
10 ranch teamsters, different Jobs. $32 to^$40
and TUOLUMNE COUNTY— FARE PAID.
39 laborers, first-class lumber company, $60.
ARIZONA TO-NIGHT.
EUREKA— HUMBOLDT— FARE PAID.
32 laborers, blpr. good lumber Co.. $6O to $75 %
EL DORADO COUNTY— FARE PAID.
16 more laborers, big lumber trust, $42 found,
RESERVOIR WORK.
23 laborers and teamsters, fare $1 50. $67 30.
. 68 TRACKMEN. NEW WORK, $67 50.
2 tank coopers, winery, $3 50 day.
26 lumber oilers, Santa Cruz County. $60.
TO FRESNO MOUNTAINS FREE.
25 laborers, mills and woods, $40 to $80 fd.
SOUTH TO-DAY.
.25 laborers, pile lumber, $40 found.
6 young men, pile lumber, free fare, $40 fd.
WAREHOUSES.
12 laborers, fare $1. you'll suit. $3 day.
2 blacksmith helpers, $2 day; 3 blacksmiths,
$90: blacksmith, vineyard, fare $1 25, $40 fd.
Boilermaker's helper, country, $2 25 day.
German or Scandinavian choreman, private,
$25: buggy washer, harness cleaner, country
stable.
HALF FARE TO CHICO.
165 laborers, teamsters, axmen. $75.
NORTHEAST— SOUTH— FRE E.
2553 RAILKOAD LABORERS, TEAMSTERS
2 waiters, Eureka, fare paid, $35 and found.
Experienced nailing machine man, city, $75.
Dumpcart driver, mine, $35 and found.
Painter, Sonoma County, $2 60. day.
' Butcher, all-around man. fare^$l. $40 found.
Blacksmith, lumber company, fare paid, $75
and found.
2 dishwashers, ranch, fare $1. $25 fd.
5 laborers for woods, north, $40 found.
.1 waiters. Eureka. $2 60 day, fare paid.
Baker, fare $1. $15 week.
Sheepherders, $30 found.
8 men. work In beans, fare $1, $60 and fd.
2 waiters, same country hotel,' fare $1 50,
$30 and found.
Candymaker. Monterey County, $12 a week.
SPECIAL NOTICE TO-DAY.
$563 POSITIONS NOT ADVERTISED.
¦ COME SEE •
BEST PLACES AT MURRAY & READY'S,
BIGGEST WAGES AT 634-636 Clay at.
BLACKSMITH for w*oods; fare paid; $75 and
found; boss here.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
TO FRESNO — FARE PAID. -
25 laborers TO GO TO-DAY.
MURRAY & READY, €34-636 Clay st.
PANTS pressers wanted. Apply at 27 Geary
St., S. N. WOOD CO. j . >*
WANTED — A strong boy, from 14 to 15 years
of age. Apply S.N. WOOD A CO.'S Powell
and Eddy st. .store. ,
COMPETENT and reliable cutter; none other
need apply. S. N. WOOD & CO., 740 Market.,
BARBER shop. 3 chairs; 3 living rooms; cen-
trally located: rent $10; account of death-
N - ar.y reasonable offer accepted. H. "BERN-
ARD. .104 Seventh st. - .
WANTED — Boys between 14 and 18 years of
age. ; Apply between 5 and 6 p. m.. I MAG-
__NIN& CO.. 43-53. Ellis st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 60 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay
express or mall chgs. 11 Third St.. Exam, bid
- ». - y\ - — : —
ERRAND boy wanted. 100 Montgomery st. -
BOY about 15 years - for, men's furnishing
store. .424 Kcarny et.
BARBER wanted; steady. 411 Devlsadero St.
.WANTED— Flrat-claas barber; no other need
apply. : 7A . Eddy st."
GOOD bootblack wanted; none other n«ed'ap-
ply.\ 34 Fourth, st. .
DISHWASHER; small restaurant; $6 week- U
day Sunday. *- 2585 Market at., near 16th. '
A BEDMAKER . wanted at 660 Howard st.
BOOTBLACK for barber shop; good job for
the right man.- 1104; Fillmore.
STEADY i waiter wanted. .•¦ 922 ' Battery.
LUNCH waiter wanted, r Apply Troy Hotel.
606 : 20th at., ' Potrero, about 11 o'clock^
KVPI.OYMENT WANTED— KALg.
MAN desires steady place do chores: under-
stands horses, gardening and housework; is
reliable, sober: city preferred. Box 1231,.
Call office. ¦• '
A YOUNG Japanese boy wants a position to
work as schoolboy. Address 431 Stevenson
st. MOTODA. ¦ __^
classified advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch off.ee. 22i>0 Fillmore.
FLATS TO Lt!T.
A— HOUSES and flats to let: an immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage- of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Ccrdes Furniture Co.. J45-259 Geary
St.. on tbe square.
$15; SUNNY upper flat 4 rooms, gas. 22 Sunt-
ner St., off Howard, near Eighth.
$7— FLAT: large yard. 726% Harrison st, be-
tween Third and Fourth.
A SUNNY corner;, modern flat; 6 rooms. NE.
corner Fulton and Devlsadero «ts.
CASTRO, 644 — Elegant, modern, sunny middle
flat; 6 r.. bath; basement: yard; nr. 10th; $24.
BUNNY flat. 5 ' rooms and bath: $20. 2731
Golden Gate ave., near North Willard.
TO let— Flat of four rooms; l«rt)7 O'Farrell.
HOOKER & LENT. 14. Post st.
2 ELEGANT new flats. 6 and 7 rooms; -rent
$30 and $35. Church and Seventeenth stg.
' 'FLATS FOR SALE.
A BARGAIN— <4250: CORNER LOT. 2 FLATS:
LOT 25x114; 184 CLIPPER flT. SEB
OWNER ON PREMISES.
FLATS TO LET FDK.MSHED.
"A REFINED family not to exceed three adults
can get a Bunny furnished flat in a very de-
sirable locality; rent free for owner's board.
Box 1747. Call office.
TO LET — Modern furnished flat, 6 rooms and
bath $50 per month. 1027 Fillmore St.. near
McAllister.
FLATS FOU SAL1S KUllMSHfSD.
738 FOURTEENTH st.— Furniture 6-room flat;
must be sold; easy terms. Call 12 to 4; Cas-
tro and Fillmore cars.
C-ROOM furnished flat, cheap. 4 Antonio St.,
bet. Ellis and O'Farrell. off Jones.
FLATS WAXTEU.
WANTED — By October 1. flat of 3 or 4 con-
venient sunny rooms: vicinity of Van Ness,
Golden Gate and Market st; adults. Address,
stating price, box 4189, Call office.
FUHMTUItU WANTED. v
A. "WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
A L. STORRS pays highest cash prices furni-
ture. carpets, etc.; tel. Larkin 3631. 634 Ellis.
HELP WASTED FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. \
First-class housekeeper, country hotel... '.$50
2 chambermaids, same country hotel $20
Chambermaid, country hotel, fare paid.. $20
Waitress, mining town, little experience
needed $25
Waitress, arm work, San Luis Oblspo, fare
paid $25
Waitress, good commercial hotel, fare ad-
vanced < $23
2 restaurant waitresses, few hours a' day..
$20-$25
Waitress and chambermaid-waitress, same
hotel, short distance ¦ $25
' 20 waitresses, city and country. $25
Head waitress, commercial hotel, country.fJJO
Cook, restaurant, mining town $30
Cook few people, institution, country. .. .$35
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
3 nice placi-s housegirls $25
2 house girls, country, different places. .. .$25
Cook, city, $30; second girl, across bay, $20;
nurse glrle; others.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 20 Montgomery, r. 12—
Masseuse for springs $30; head waiter $30.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn halrdresslng.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school In
West. 233 Geary st. room 13.
A — LADIES, learn all branches halrdresslng
trade; manicuring, massage, etc.; 123G Mar-
ket Et.. cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for fall season;
both seasons taught from start to finish In 1
month for $10; positions) as trimmers, sales-
ladtys, etc., guaranteed at $10 per week up;
dayfand evening class. 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
BOOK folders and sewers — Blight, smart girls,
15 to 17 years .of age, to learn the trade;
steady employment; wages paid while learn-
ing. F. MALLOXE. 422 Sacramento st.
WANTED — Young lady of good appearance to
assist and play piano with traveling enter-
tainers. Call rooms 340-341, Winchester Ho-
tA : !
A — OPERATORS on ladles' underwear; good
pay. 656 Mission St.; third floor.
I A— GIRLS to learn machine sewing on ladles'
underwear. 056 Mission St.; third floor.
GIRL to assist In light housework. 725 Clay-
ton st.
WANTED — A girl for second work. 617
Steiner^st.
WANTED— An errand girl.. 1111 Van Ness
ave.
GOOD restaurant waitress; wages $*S week; one i
. day off. 7 Taylor st.
GIRL or middle-aged woman to assist with
housework. 1710'i Sacramento ft.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes 6 p. m. Wednesday; salary no object.
WANTED — Advanced apprentice on coats.
208 Sutter St. -
RELIABLE girl to assist with care of babies,
$12 to $15. Call 2409 Devisadcro st.
GIRL for general housework and plain cook-
leg. 3369 Clay st.
GIRL to assist with child; sleep home. Apply
between 10 and 2, 1661 Octavla st.
GIRL fcr cooking and downstairs work; good
wages. 1207 Gough st. . *
COMPETENT girl for general housework and
cooking; no washing, $25. 1 Scott st.
LUNCn waitress for 615" Valencia st.
EXPERIENCED saleslady; steady; for candy
store, at 1401, Polk St.; call after 10 a, m.
TWO good waitresses wanted. 20 Third et. -
GOOD all round woman for delicatessen: 1111
Mission st. •-.'¦'¦:
GIRIj for general housework and plain cook-
lng. 1440 O'Farrell st. • •
A GIRL to assist In general housework. 1262
Page st. . "¦'*'¦'¦
GIRL for general housework and to assist In
bakery at 1704 Haight; et. '¦
WANTED— Competent French second girl. Cail
. 10 to 1. 2615 Buchanan st. r
EXPERIENCED finisher ion ladles' tailoring.
H..ASHER. 624 Post St. v /^ . . -.-*;-
GIRL. for general housework and plain cook-
in?.' 305 Scott St., near Page. .
HELP WAATED— FEMALE— Con.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit
and canning; steady work; highest wages.
Apply California Canneries Co., . Brannan
St., between. Third and Fourth.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit; steady
employment: day and piece work: highest
wdge». CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO.,
Bryant and Tenth.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND* RIV-
ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES. 32V. FREMONT ST. AND 1878
MISSION, NEAR" FIFTEENTH.
DRESSMAKER wants first-class help: also
improvers and apprentices. ': BRYANT,
2576A Miggton at. J ¦
EXPERIENCED operators on muslin under-
wear; eteady work: good pay. G. W. REY-
NOLDS & CO., B07 Mission at.
NEAT girl for light housework and cooking;
adults; no window cleaning; small washing;
good wages. Call at 2721 Clay et.
YOUNG girls to strip leaf tobacco. THE
JOHN BOLLMAN CO., cor. Front and Pa-
cific.
YOUNO girls to work on light 7 running ma-
chines. THE JOHN BOLLMAN CO., corner
Front and Pacific.
WANTED — First-class saleelady on cloaks and
suits with good references. BARON, 780
Market st.
WANTED — Girl to do general housework; 3 in
fRmlly. Apply Monday afternoon, 542 Clay-
ton et. ¦
AN elderly German woman to do a few hours'
¦ work in a rooming-house. 22 Sacramento st.
WANTED — First-class finisher on pants; steady
work. 104 Kearny et.
WANTED — A middle-aged lady to take care of
an old lady. Box 1244. Call office. ¦
APPRENTICES for glove trade; wages from
start. Carson Glove Co., 123 Second st.
FINISHER on custom pants. 622 Clay, room
ISA. .
A REFINED, educated woman to travel. Box
1239. Call office.
GIRL for general housework. 51 Cumberland
St., bet. 19th and 20th, Guerrero and Dolores.
GIRL to assist in small family; sleep home;
$10. 115 Bartlett st.; before 1 p, m.
GOOD tallcrcss wanted on coats. 701 Geary
. street.
WANTED — Young lady to work In candy
store; no. experience necessary. 148 Fourth.
WANTED— A first-class talloress on coats.
. 653 Geary et. ¦-
LADY agents on salary. Call 9 to 6, office 6»,
- Columbian building, 916 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllroore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ' ¦ ,
11KL1' WAMEU HALB.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S EMP. OFFICE,
429 Bush st 642 Clay'st.
Special Shipment To-day for Nevada.
Laborers. Reno. Nevada, board $4 50...... $2
Laborers, Beowawe, Nevada, board. $4 50. .$2
Laborer*, Golconda, Nevada, board $4.50. .$2
FOR RYNDON TUNNEL. NEVADA.
Tunnelmen, drillers, muckers.. $2-{3
FOR MENDOCINO COUNTY, CASPAR
TUNNEL.
2 camp cooks, 50 men. each. $60
Tunnelmen, laborers, teamsters $2-$2 75
Steamer Sails To-day— Steamer Sails To-day.
FOR WESTERN DIVISION, CALIFORNIA.
Extra gang $1 70
Muckers, laborers, tunnelmen, Marln Co.
Absolutely Free Fare for AH Above.
NEW WORK— MARYS VILLE. CHICO. PLA-
CERVILLE. CAL.
Rockmen, laborers $2 25-$2 50
Outside salesman, $100; porter. $50, for gro-
cery wholesale house; young man for cream-
ery who knows city and can drive wagon, $00.
2 colored waiters, Boca, fare paid $30
10 waiters, commercial house, country. $35-$40
Pantryman to attend to coffee, hotel, south,
boss here, ? 10; houseman, Santa Barbara,
boss here, $25; cooks, bell, elevator boys,
dish, pot washers, kitchen hands, $15-$75.
, C. R. HANSEN & CO."S EMP. AGENCY,
429 Bush st 042 Clay st.
AT California Employment Agency
59 3d st.. near Call Bldg.; phone Bush 406.
I Nevada— Free fare^ — Nevada.
200 laborers; Southern Pacific's own work;
new Job, $2 a day; $13 board.
We ship every day— »Free fare.
40 section hands; all parts of California,
Eureka. Humboldt Co.. fare advanced. 'X.
10 lumber pliers, ?35 and board.
10 laborers, $35 and board.
WOODSMEN, i
2 spool tenders, $65 and found; 4 \ barkers.
$S0 and" found; 4 cross-cutters, $50 and
found; 2 timber fellers. $60 and found; 2
water bucks, $40 and found; 2 lookouts, $40
and found.
CASPAR LUMBER CO.. MENDOCINO CO.
Free fare — Free fare.
7 tunnelmen. $2 75 a day; 8 tpamsters, $2 25
a day; 10 men foi^jnlll in yards. $30 to $fc'5
and board.
v DIAMOND MATCH CO.. CHICO.
£/ teamsters, $2 50\a day; 20 laborers, |2 25
-"a day. ¦ S ¦
Office fee. r $l ; half fare, $2 SO.
7. laborers, city.: $2 25 a day, 9 hours; 5
laborers, near city. $2 CO a day.
CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
. - 59 Third st.
MAN about place, $3o and found; 0 single hand
miners, $3 day; 2 milkers, $35 and $30 and
found; 2 men for hunting club. $30 and found;
2 farmers and wives, $50 and $55 and found;
~ 2 men to pick apples. $1 day and board; sheep
herder, $30 and found; blacksmith. $3 day;
blacksmith helper and floornian, $2 60; as-
sistant gardener, $25 and found; laborers for
mill work, $40 and board; laborers for mines
and quarries, woodchoppers and others. J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st. :
TWO cooks and wives, $60 and $65 and found;
waiter and house man, $35 and found; board-
ing-house cook,. $50 and found; restaurant
third cook, $50; hotel waiter, country, $30
. and found, fare advanced; waiter for camp.
$25 and found; baker's helper. $30 and found:
dishwashers and others. J. F. CROSETT &
' CO.. 623 Sacramento st. .:: _ " " ¦ - .-
ANDRE'S Office. 317 Stocktcn St.— Ten men to
pick grapes and work la cellar, $115 a day,
French preferred; vegetable 'gardener, $30;
cook for college^ $55; laborers, private park,
$26 and found: cook." boarding-house. $50;
waiter, plain • hotel, . $30.* etc. , j ¦ , -¦
A — HOTEL GAZETTE, 2C Montgomery, r. 12 —
Steward. $C0; second cook, $60; bellboys, $15
and $20. ¦ "
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 60 per pair; foot-form shoes. at $2 60, or
orthopedic shoes, $3 50; best shoes on earth. 11
.' -Third st.. Exam. bdg..!fi doors from Market.
WANTED— Young man ! who is an ' experienced
. dry goods wrapper.' -Apply between 9 and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS.'
LOST A5D FOrSD.
LOST— A pasi took with the Hlbernla Savings
fand Loan Socft-ty of San Francisco in the
name of MARTIN OLSE.V. No. 237-832. The
ficder will please return to bank.
$15 REWARD for return of two rings lost In
ladles' toilet. California Cafe S*"c» 11.
WHITAKKK. RAT A CO.. 725 Market at.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Casft Co.. 220 Sutter st.. n^eds old
gold and silver to mr.k» n<»w Thatch ca<es.
LOST* TO LET.^
i.u>l 10 ie«a» — Cio Misnoa st.. N\v coratr
of Annie; light loft of 4C00 square feet- pas-
senger and freight elevator service; wlli' i#a*«
for a term; rent reasonable. SHAINWiLn.
BTJCKBBTE & CO.. 213-220 Montgomery ,7*
Mlll« building. ' "•*
.MEDICAL.
MKS. DIt. WYETI1. aoeclallst fcr all -fern*!*
complaints; lsstant relief guaranteed' m
years' experience; removed to S2ti Pout st.
1IK3. OB. KOUL. rdiiabi* »p»cUUist for ai; r*.
male troubles and irrecularttlea: lnstaat r»-
llaf guaranteed. 1008H Market St.. o^o. Sta.
Vn. U. W. O'UO-NNKLL— All who ar« net jf
In trouble cin.-uit this specialist en fam*i*
complaints: positively corrected; the unfor-
tunate helped: the roost difficult eases treat-
ed: advice tree. Office. 1019 Market <K.
Drs. Goodwin. 73K Turk. nr. Van Ne» — Export
in obstetrics, female complaints: inst. relief;
treatment $10; hours, 10 to S; 23 yrs. ezper.'
MKS. D. ALLEX. 1118 Market— Reliable ladlar
speclallst; a private home before »nd durin*
confinement: best medical care; low fees.
1 DR. ROSKX moved to 1^'Jo Folaom ¦%. cor.
26th: relief $10: ladles' exclusive office.
UK. anrl MRS. DA VIES and HLNDOO HEKB.'*;
original method of treatment. 1128 Market st.
Dlt. KG TOT KEE. .119 Powell nt.. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by berb-s.
MILLl.MJKY.
LADIES, you are invited to visit my millinery
opening to-day and to-morrow; Imported and
New York hats. M3JE. DO8CH. 207 Poat St.
MP.S. RUMPLE will be pleased to meet old and
new friends at her millinery parlors.221 Geary
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
DOES YOUR ROOy LEAK? "
Repair It with elatertte; in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; goad over old
Iron, tin or shincles; best for now roofs.
. ELATERITE ROOFIXO CO.. 713 Market st.
' 2D-HD. machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, chatting, etc.. etc.. bought, sold.
rented and exchanged; use Sunday paper*.
II. 3. WHITE M'CH'Y CO.. 130-132 B«ale st.
A — Fine suits, *7 J.0; dress paats, $2 30. Orisl-
nal Misfit Clcthin* Parlors. 238 Kearsy st..
near- Bush; open to 9 p. m. Sunday to nooa.
A — $U SO DERBY and fedora hats, 11 73. Poa-
ular "Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near
Pine; open till a v. m. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water ploe. shAftlne, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 ?r>ear st.
FIVE thoroughbred Holsteln yearling calves
for sale cheap. Twenty-seventh and Saa
Eruno road. WM. SCHAEPER'S Stockyard.
NEWSPAPER route for sale: fine chance fop
the right man. Address N. A. LARSEN
1715 Pacific ave.. Alameda.
TRY our men's shoes at fl and $1 50 pair:
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid. ; catalog, free.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery McI.V-
TOSH A; "WOLPMAX. 195-197 Fremont st.
FOR SALE — 2 good, healthy milk goats and
baby buggy, cheap. 731 7th ave.. Richmond.
$150— NATIONAL cash register, almost new;
cost $325. WOLF & FRANK. 232 Kearny st.
SAFE — Price $r.o. Ue'.ia Union Phonograph
Parlors. 803 Kearny st.
A FIXE -l^g-carat perfect white diamond at a
bargain. 10 Sixth st.
BAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 317-42S Sacramento st.
A JULES JURGENSEM ft-mlmua lepcauaj
watch; very reasonable. 10 Sixth »t.
PAIR 3-karat diamond earrings at » bargiia.
/ 10 Slxtii st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard A Breck, 131 Pest st.
MILES of plre and fittings: all «!zes. EU-
GENE RILEY A SONS. 109 Vallejo st.
MOVING picture fl!m and sons slides. 10*
Montgomery st.
SAFES — New «nd second-hand. E. B. BECK
A CO.. 122 Market St.
All bargains ;camp stools and chalrs.fcammocks.
metal beds.mattres«es.J.F.Hotter,7ti Mission.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, movicg
picture machine*, films. Bac1;aluD«. S33 Mk».
GASOLINE engines, automobiles ar.d launches,
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 49 Fremont *t.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; a!j
makes. ALEXANDER &. CO.. 110 Moctry.
CHEAPFST and best tn America — Th» Weekly
Call. Ifi pages, sent to any address In th«
TTnlted Stute* or fqn>i<m nn» y>ar for <1.
MISCELLANEOUS WAJ»TS.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES,
1140 Market St.; phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
TILTON wants good secemd-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. ; tel. Jessie 2S3L
A BIG price paid for sealskins; send postal.
25 Stocktcn st.; phone Bush 484.
31OXEY TO LOAJI.
AAA-HEKUAN MURPHY.
601-C02-603 Examiner tralldlac.
Quick settlements; no -disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates. e?cond mortgages, undivided Inter*
ests. assignments of rents, property la trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MUKPIIT.
ADVANCES on furniture and planes without
removal; to salaried people on their note
without security or knowledge of employer:
lowest rates; best terms: quickest serrlce and
absolute privacy: special rates to municipal
employes and teachers. The National Credit
Co.. r. 68-t» Donohoe bid.. 1170 Market st.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S44
Market st.: tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; largest business la
48 principal cities. Tolman. B53 Parrott bldg.
, STRICTLY confidential loans on firPhiture.
pianos or to salaried people on their note:
proper treatment euaranteed- Illinois Trust
Co.. r. 16, Phelan bid.. Market and O'Farre:i.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant are.,
I LOANS FROM $1 TO SIO.OOO.
k AT cut rates on real estate, furniture or piaaoj
no commission E W. LICK. 1003 Mutual
Sav. Bfc. bid.. 70S Market: phone Main 81 «-
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCT— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLET CO 143 Phelan Bldg.
MONEY to loan on low Interest: gold. «ll»er.
diamonds ?»»«"!» and prpclous »tones bought
at W. J.' HESTHAL'S. 10 Slxtfr St.
MONET leaned to salaried employes. O. W.
MILLER, room 74. fifth fioor. Chronicle bldg.
£% ON furniture & pianos; $12 up: no removal:
V. TREMAIN. room 31. 6 Eddy at., floor 4.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 p«r ceat
mo S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 533 Kcarny.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money t*
salaried employes. R.311.Mutual Sav.Bk.bid.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes wlthou*
Indortter. MORRELL. 600 Examiner Md<.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A— YOU will not have to pay for special sale
advertising on these bargains. Uprights:
Collard $37; Sherman & Hyde, <U7; Fllsher.
$95: Eineer. almost new. ilt-J; 2 Stelnways.
good condition! large and small size. $1&>.
».:25: Chickerlng. SSS. $15»: 3 Heine, second-
hand. $193: slightly used. *i17. S.;u5; 1 U«lna
• baby grand, $725; Krell, slightly used, dark
mahogany $2D3. New bargains: Mason «»*
Hamlin upright. $2S3; Behr Bros., mahogany.
$247; Conover. $2(55. Piano players slightly
used from $90 up. Pianos rented. $2 up.
applv en purchase. Installments, $4 up.
Cash discount If paid In two years. HEINE
PIANO CO.. 235-'J37 Geary St.: largest •*-
flusive piano house of the West; agents for
the GaMer. Kre'.l. Steger. Heine. Singer, etc.
a"sMALL walnut Emerson upright, absolutely
¦ like new. $135. 337 Geary st.
STEIN WAY upright, left by private party.'
$1 65 ; a great bargain. 237 Geary st.
YOU do not take any chances when buying
from us. ' Our methods are well known to. b<»
open and above board. "Ble bargains, f.ot
bis ads," is our rule. All gcods guarantied
as represented or no sale. Call and see larg*
assortment of new and used Instrument*
THS ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Ma-1
ktt st.
A FEW upright bargains from $70 up cornorls
Ing such jnakea as Chickerlng;. Jaeobsonl
Vose. Sterling. Knabe. Fischer. Schwechten!
Weaer. Schuroan and others; easy payment*"
/BENJ CURTAZ &SON. 18 O'Farret^."^^
branches tn San Francisco. „
BAND Instruments; F. Besson Parts w»v«T
Gus Malwald, AgL Pac. Coai *7*&vS£X!'
WHILE THE IRDMIS 7^^^^S^^^ ;
To hav» your forge work good and strong
Strike while the iron Is hot
With heavy hammer hard and long,
*' Bach blow In the right spot.
So with your ads— to have them pay—
Don't print them now and then,
For folks should Bee them every day ,
Or nine days out of ten. '¦
But then be sure they're In The Call, \
For that success will bring.
So you'll hear said by one and all, -
And our praise you will sing:MONDAY. SEPTEMBER 14.
Terrific Storms in the Alps.
ROME. Sept. 13.— As a result of terrible
storms in the Alps yesterday • all - tele
graph communication was for a time
completely interrupted and Italy cut off
from Europe and America.
Small Boys Steal Knives.
* "William Stadlmann, Raymond Cronln
and James Sweeney, all about 19 years of
age, each went Into C. Hlrt'a hardware
store at 1915 Mission street. on Saturday
evening for a saw that had been filed.
Hirt "saw them open a glass case at the
door and run away. He chased them and
caught Stadlmann, who had five- stolen
pocket knives. In his possession. About
$10 worth of knives had been stolen. Cro
nln and Sweenev were arrested later by
Detectives Graham and Fltzserald, and
the three boys were booked at the City
Prison for a public institution.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Partly cloudy weather prevails over the
plateau and Rocky Mountain regions and fair
weather on the Paclflc Coast. Light rain has
fallen In Western 'Washington and Western
Oregon and it Is now raining in Southern Idaho.
The pressure has risen rapidly over the
northern portion of the Pacific slope and there
has been a slight fall In the last twelve hours
over Arizona and Southeastern California.
The temperature has risen over Southern
Washington and Northern Oregon and fallen
over Western Nevada: elsewhere west cf the
Kooky Mountains the changes have been slight
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, September 14:
' Northern California — Pair; wanner Monday
ligrht northwest wind. •
Southern California — Fair Monday; warmer
In north portion; light west wind.
Nevada — Fair: wanner Monday.
San' Francisco and vicinity — Fair Monday
continued warm: light northwest wind.
O. H. WILLSON. Local Forecaster.
EXPLOSION OF DYNAMITE
KILLS TWO SWITCHMEN
Car Containing' Powder and Shells
Blows TJp in Railroad Yards
in Michigan.
BAY CITY, Mich.. Sept. 13.— Clarence
D. Hopper and Roy Boucher, switchmen
of the Michigan Central Railway, were
killed to-day by an explosion of dynamite
In a car In the yards at West Bay City.
Robert Roblln, engineer, William Noble,
fireman, and John C. Cradle, contractor,
were Injured, the latter so severely that
he may die. All of the trainmen were
residents of this city. j/
The explosion occurred as a'switch en
gine was making up a train. The engine
backed down upon several cars, the first
containing 1000 pounds of dynamite, . a
consignment of Lee-Metford rifles and a
quantity of reduced charged shells for In
door practice, and it is said that the force
with which it struck the explosive laden
car exploded the dynamite. Another re
port has it that one of the shells exploded
and set off the dynamite. Hopper's body
was badly mangled. A bis: hole was torn
in the ground by the explosion, a score of
freight cars demolished and rearly 300
houses In thfe vicinity suffered, broken
windows. Several houses were so badly
wrecked as to . be uninhabitable. The
shock waB felt three miles from the
scene.
THE COAST RECORD.
RATION* | *g \% |S f & f
! f 1 i I f
Baker 30.0K C2 40 Nff Pt.Cldy .28
Carson ...... .2».(K> r.s -in >J Cloudy .OO
Eureka 30.0tf 5« 50 N Clear .to
Fresno 20.82 SO 52 NW "Clear .Oil
Flagstaff 20. 62 64 43 SW Clear .00
Independence .29.62 72 48 BW Clear .00
Los Angeles... 2-J. 88 72 62 W Clear .CO
Mt Tamalpals.29.61 63 51 NW Clear .00
North Head...5O.14 6O 52 NW Clear .0O
Phoenix 20. 6S 04 «W SW Clear .00
Pocatello 2«.94 5O 38 SW Rain .08
Portland 30.10 68 OS NW Pt.Cldy .0-9
Point Reyes... 29. S5 60 49 NW Clear .00
Red Bluff 29.91! 76 66 N Clear .00
Roeeburg 30.W 60 4S N Clear .02
Sacramento ..29.82 78 54 NW Clear .00
Salt Lake 2:>.8S 54 40 NW Cloudy .12
Ban Francisco. 20. PO e« 54 W Clear .00
San L. Obl«po.2».J>2 72 4« W Clear .00
San Diego 2U. SS 70 62 SW Cloudy .00
Seattle 30.12 63 4.S W Clear .04.
Spokane 30.10 60 as NE Pt.Cldy Tr '
Tatoosh 30.14 BS 48 SW Foggy .fO
Walla Walla.. SO. OS «4 • 48 N Clear .04
Winnemucca .2a. 1)8 5« 8O FE Clear Tr.
Yuma 29.70 5)0 66 SW Clear .00
(120th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 13 — 5 p. tn.
Weather Report,
Sun rises 5:50
Sun lets 6:20
Moon rises third quarter. 11:34 p. m.
O Time Time ¦ JTlme| Time
? Ft. Ft. | 1 Ft- Ft.
g H W L W |H W| L W
14 J 6:62 4.1 10:3S 2.0 4:43 B.2|U:54 0.4
15 ! 7:07 4.3 11:55 2.9 5:50 6.2
• L W H W LW HW
16 0:58 O.2 8:08 4.3 1:05 2.8 7:03 5.3
17 | 1:54 O.I 8:57 4.8 2:06 2.4 8:12 0.4
18 2:45 0.0 9:40 6.1 3:00 2.0 9:15 5.3
19 8:32 0.0 10:20 6.4 3:51 1.6 10:14 8.7
20 4:21 0.2|10:5S 5.6| 4:41 1.0jll:OS 5.6
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
band column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of tha
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given ara In
addition to the soundings of the United Stated
Coast Survey charts, except when the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Dr. J. A. McLeod ot Santa Ro3e la at
the Grand.
Dr. Rae Felt of Eureka Is a cuest at
the Lick.
R. J. Thomas, a mining man of Nevada
City, 13 at the Lick.
H. N. Anderson, a mlllman of Aber
deen. Is at the Palace.
Jacob Mortenson. a lumberman of Wis
consin. Is at the Palace.
Mrs. Dr. D.. A. Foster of Omaha la
; among the latest arrivals at the Grand.
I. Saunders, a prominent cattle owner
of Stockton, and son. are at the Gr«nd.
Mark. A. Plalsted, one of Fresno's lead-
Ing citizens, Is registered at the Califor
nia.
Max Fleishman, son of Mayor Fleish
man of Cincinnati, arrived from the East
last evening and is at the Palace.
T. M. Schumacher, traffic manager of
the Oregon Short Line, who has been
spending a week at Paso Robles, returned
to the city last night and is registered at
the Palace.
Joseph McDonald, superintendent of the
Treadwell mine In Alaska, is In the*city
and registered at the Occidental. Ha
states that the recent stones telegraphed
here from the North to the effect that'the
miners were deserting the Treadwell ow
ing to the superstitious fear that the fa
mous mining property is under a hoodoo
were without the slightest foundation, and
the first ho knew of theso reports was
after he had arrived in Seattle on his
way to this city. *
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Sunday, September 13.
Stmr President, Anderson, 12 days from
Naknek.
Stmr Navarro, 'Weber, 16 hours from Albion.
Stmr Argo, Dunham, 22 hours from Eel
River.
Oer stmr Eva. Petersen, 24 Vx days from
Moji. •
Bktn Newsboy, Chopperfleld, 7 days from
Port Blakeley.
Schr Viking, Lutjens, 17 days from Dutch
Harbor.
Schr J A Campbell, Sodergren, 7 days from
Everett: up river direct.
Schr Ocean Spray. Olsen, 4 days from Slus
law River.
Schr Prosper, Jorgenson, 23 days from Bris
tol Bay.
Echr Mayflower, Goodmanscn, 3 days from
Coqullle River.
Schr Glen, Hansen. ¦ 14 hours from Iveraeas
Landing.
SAILED.
Sunday, September IS.
Stmr Chehalls, Frantzon. Grays Harbor.
Stmr South Portland, Mclntyre, Portland, Or.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. San Diego.
Stmr Queen, . Cousins. Victoria . and Puget
Sound ports.
Stmr Pomona, Swanson. Eureka.
Stmr Navarro. Weber. San Pedro.
Stmr Phoenix. Odland, Mendoclno.
Stmr Nevadan, Weeden, Honolulu and Ka
hului.
Stmr Ruth. Reed. Blhlers Point.
Stmr DesDutch. Levlnson. Portland, Or.
Bktn S G Wilder, Jackson. Honolulu.
Schr Chas W. Larsen. Bodega.
Scfcr Ivy, Jensen, Coos Bay.
Schr Sausallto (new). Rasmussen, Wlllapa
Harbor, in tow stmr Chehalls.
Schr Emma Claudlna, Soderholm, Eureka.
Schr Bessie K, Merrlam, San Vicente Land
ing.
Schr Ida A, Campbell, Point Reyes.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Sept 13, 10 p m — Weather
haty; wind W, velocity 8 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
8EATTLE— Arrived Sept 12— Stmr City of
Topeka. from Skagway.
NAKNEK — Sailed Aug 22 — Ship Tacoma. for
San Francisco. Aug 28 — Bark Nicholas Thayer.
for San Francisco. Aug 29 — Bark Himalaya,
for San Francisco. Aug 30— Bark Coalinga,
for San Francisco. Sept 1— Bark Reaper, i"or
San Francisco. ~'\.
To sail on or about Sept 15— Ship M P
Grace, for Ban Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND — Sailed Sept 13 — Br bark
Astoria, from Tacoma. for West Coast; schr
Manila, for San Francisco.
POINT LOBOS — Passed Sept 13. 10 a m —
Stmr Alcazar, from Port Los Angeles, for
Greenwood.
EUREKA — Arrived Sept 13 — Stmr North
Fork, hence Seot 11.
Sailed Sept 13-^-Stmr Corona, for San Fran
cisco.
. TATOOSH — Passed out Sept 13 — Br stmr
Wellington, from Oyster Harbor, for San
Francisco: Dr ship King David, from Port
-Ludlow. for Valparaiso; stmr Chas Nelson, for
San FranclsfO. •,„.,,-
VENTURA — Arrived Sept 13 — Stmr Asun
cion, from Pan Pertro.
M ARSHFIELD — Palled - S»pt 13 — Stmr Alli
ance for Eureka and San Francisco.
Arrived Sept 13 — Schr Chas E Felk. hence
Sept 2. and not a» previously reported.
ASTORIA— Sailed Sept 13— Stmr Robert
Dollar, for Fan Pedro: stmr Signal, for Re
dondo; schr Susie M Plummer, f«r San Fran-
BAN PEDRO — Arrived Sent 1.1 — Schr Mabel
Gray from • Eureka: echr Alcalde, from Eu
reka: stmr Bonita. hence S«pt 10; bark Haydn
Brown, from Eurekn; schr A I vena, from As
toria* schr Frank W Howe, from Port Madi
son; KChr James A Garflelfi. from Cooa Bay;
achr Wemne Brothers, from Port Madison.
• Sailed Sept 13 — Stmr Bonlta, for San Fran-
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived Sept 13 — Stmr
State of California, from San Diego, and sailed
for San Franclaco.
Arrived S»pt 13 — Schr Comet, from Aberdeen.
REDONDO— Arrived Sept 13— Bark Cory
phene. from Anacortes. _ _
PORT LOS ANGELES — Arrived Sept 13 —
Ger atmr Elba, from Karatsu.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived Sept 12— Br bark For
farshire. from.' Newcastle, Aus; U S stmr So
lace from Manila: stmr City of Peking, from
Yokohama. Sept 13-:-Schr Allen A; from Eu-
Sailed Sept 12 — Bark Olympic, for San Fran
in"LO— Sailed Sept 12— Bark Martha Davis,
for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORT.
OYSTER HARBOR— Sailed Sept 12— Br stmr
Wellington, for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 12— Stmr Colum
bia, from Glasgow and Movllle.
Sailed Sept 12— Stmr Princess Irene, for
Genoa and Naples. ««¦''''-» „ t
• BROWHEAD — Passed Sept 13 — Stmr Bohe
mian, from H*ton. for LIveroooL
LIZARD — Passed Sept 13 — Stmr Minnehaha,
from New York, for London: stmr Zeeland.
from New York, for Antwerp.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived - Sept 13— Stmr Ara
bic, from New York, via Queenstown.
ST JOHNS, N F — Arrived Sept 13 — Stmr
Carthagenlan. from Glasgow and Liverpool,
for- Halifax and Philadelphia. •
LONDON — Arrived Sept 13 — Stmr Buenos
Ayrean, from Montreal.
MOVILLE— Arrived Sept 13— Stmr Tunisian,
from Montreal, for Liverpool, and proceeded.
NAPLES — Arrived Sept 13 — Stmr Vancou
ver, from Boston, via, Azores, for Genoa.
BOULOGNE-SUR-MER — Sailed Sept 12 —
Stmr Noordam. - from " Rotterdam, for New
York, and passed Lizard Sept 13.
" GLASGOW — Sailed Sept 12— Stmr Numldian.
for New York., and passed Mallnhead Sept 13.
BREMEN— Sailed Sept 12— Stmr Bremen, for
New York, via Cherbourg, and passed Beachy
Head Sept 13. i
QUEENSTOWN — Sailed, Sept 13 — Stmr Um
brla, from Liverpool, - fCr New York.
Fishing 1 Steamer Iteturns.
The fishing steamer Henrietta, put back from
tea yesterday on account of a break-down In
her engine-room.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey —
Time and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Pcint. entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE: — Tha high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 23
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height of
tide is the same at both places.
Eva Had to Heave To.
New Schooner Sails.
The German tramp steamship Eva, which ar
rived yesterday, 24 Y, days from Mojl, en
countered heavy weather during the latter part
of her voyage. She was obliged on September
11 to heave to for sixteen hours and fought a
strong gale all the reat of the way to port. She
brought 440O tons of coal.
The new schooner Sausallto left yesterday for
Wlllapa Harbor in tow of the steam schooner
Chehalls. The Sausallto is commanded by Cap
tain Rasmussen, formerly of the ship Charles
E. Moody.
More Salmon Boats Arrive,
' The bark Carondelet. 16 days from Prlnc«
Williams Sound, arrived late Saturday night
with 55,000 cases of salmon. The steamer
President arrived yesterday, 12 days from Nak
nek Bay with 4000 ceses of salmon and the
schooner Prosper. 23 days from Bristol Bay,
brought 2211 barrels of the red-fleshed fish.
Steamer. Destination. j Sails. Pier.
September 14.
Havering... China A Japan.... 2 pm Pier 23
Coronado... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Iaqua Humboldt 2 pm Pier 2
Acme...... gtuslaw River 4 pm Pier 2
Arctic Humboldt 4 pm Pier 10
C. Nelson... Lo S Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier U
Coos Bay. . . San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 19
September 15.
Rainier Seattle & 'VVhatcom 4 pm Pier 10
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
September 10.
Centralla... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
San Pedro.. Los Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Alliance.... Portland & W. Pts. 10 am Pier 10
Chlco Coqutlle River ... 6 pm Pier 2
Corona Humboldt l:30piPler 0
September 17. I
8. Barbara.. Seattle & Olympia. 4 pmfPler 2
Phoenix.... Mendocino City 1 pm[Pler 13
State of Cal. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier ltf
Sonoma....] Sydney & W. Pts.. 2 pm Pier 7
September 18.
Argo....... Eel River Ports.... 4 pm Pier 2
Rival Wlllapa Harbor... 4 pm Pier 2
City Puebla puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Bonlta Newport Way Pts.) 9 am Pier 19
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacpma. 110 am Pier 2
September 18. I
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena t 4 pm Pier 2
Arcata Coos B.&Pt. Orford 10 am Piar 13
North Fork. Humboldt S pm Pier 2
H. K. Maru China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Colon N. T. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
September 2O.
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Marlposa... Tahiti Direct 11 am Pier 7
F. H. Legge Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
September 23.
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 0
FROM SEATTLE. *
Steamer. For. Sails.
City Seattle... Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. 14
Santa Ana. . . . Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Sept. 18
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. Sept. ltf
Nome City.... Nome Sept. SO
Portland Nome & St. Michael.. Sept. 20
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Ports Sept. 20
Valencia Nome Sept. 22
City Topeka.. Skagway & Way Porta. Sept. 28
Roanoke.. Nome & St. Michael... Sept. 28
The little schooner Viking, which ar
rived yesterday, seventeen days from
Dutch Harbor, brought a large collec
tion of valuable furs gathered by hunt
ers and trappers in the tax north. The
furs In their present condition are valued
at more than $13,000, and include the
skins of many different species of ani
mal. Probably the most valuable part of
the consignment is a bundle of thirty
seven sea otter skins. Securing the furs
Involved tho sacrifice of many animal
lives, the victims ranging from cinnamon
bears to white rabbits. There are skins
of mink, lynx, beaver, red and white fox,
bears, black, white, cinnamon and griz
zly, and otter. The Viking's cargo also
Includes a little ivory.
The Viking left here May 4 with $36,000
worth of supplies for the mission stations
located around Kushakwim Bay. A
scow. 40 feet long. 10 feet wide and 8 feet
In depth, was taken up on the Viking's
deck. During a heavy gale this scow
got loose from Its moorings and was
saved from going overboard with consid
erable difficulty. "While adrift the heavy
scow did considerable damage about tEe
schooner's deck.
After discharging her furs the Viking
will go to Grays Harbor* to load lumber.
Consignment Includes Pelts
of Sea Otter and Oin
namon Bear.
Schooner Viking Arrives
s With Hold Pull of'
Valuable SkiDS.
Steamer. 1 From. | Due.
Chlco CoQUllle River |Sept. 14
Coroaado San Pedro 3«pt. 14
State Callforn Ban Diego & Way Pts. Sept. 14
Eureka Humboldt Sept. 14
Pel Norte Crescent City Sept. 14
CltyPuebla... Puget Sound Purts.... Sept. 14
Chaa. Nelson.. Seattle .Sept. 14
Corona Humboldt Sept. 14
Tellus Oyster Harbor Sept. 14
W. H. Kruger. San Pedro Sept. 14
St. Paul Nome via Seattle Sept. 15
O. Dollar Grays Harbor Sept. 15
Rival willapa Harbor Sept. 15
Xebraskan Honolulu '& Kahulul. Sept. 15
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. S*pt. 13
F. H. Leggett. Portland Sept. 15
Bonlta Newport St Way Ports Sept. 15
Edith Seattle Sept. 18
Centralla. sari Pedro Sept. 1C
North Fork... Humboldt Sept. 10
Phoenix Mendoclno Sept. 18
Redondo San Pedro Sept. 16
San Pedro.... Humboldt Sept. 16
S. Barbara San Pedro Sept. 17
Pomona Humboldt Sept. 17
Columbia Portland & Astoria... Sept. 17
City Sydney.. N ew y or k via Panama Sept. 17
KantaRosa... San Diego & "Way Pta.tSept. 17
Point Arena... Mendoclno & Pt. Ar«na|Sept. 17
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Sept. 17
Argo.... Eel River Ports Sept. IS
City Peking. .. China & Japan Sept. 1»
Uraatilla Puget Sound Ports Sept. 19
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pu. Sept. 19
Luxor Seattle Sept. 20
J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma Sept. 21
Newburg Grays Harbor Sept. 21
Alameda Honolulu Sept. 22
O. W. Elder... I Portland & Astoria Sept. 22
Newport I New York via Panama. Sept. 23
BRINGS RICH
CARGO OF FURS
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, 1903.
TO SAU*'
9
THE CALL'S
GREAT ATLAS OFFER
Will dose on .September 24,
1803, and all holders of Atlas
Coupons are requested to pre-
sent them Immediately, as tills
great opportunity to secure one
ot these splendid Atlases at The
Call's premium rates will be
brought to a dosa on Septem-
ber 24.
Two f nil P«sre« of
Story and Pictures. ¦
?•How Conductor I'nt ( Francl»
Saved 'the />.*
Yellowstone Special
From the
Ten Train."
Klrnt ofa ; new series of
tbrillinfr. railroad; Htortes
ny Frank II. Spearman.",
Next Sunday Call.,
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING— Con.
PINE. 1300. cor. Hyde — 2 sunny front corner
connect, fur. rs.; folding bed; gas range; $18.
ET. JAMES. McAllister and Laeuna— Furnish-
ed sunny suite with separate sunny kitchen:
gas range; all complete for housekeeping:
$15 up.
SOUTH PARK. 84— Large, sunny front room
and kitchen; also gas. *
STOCKTON, 120G— Model: housekeeping; front;
new furnished; $5-$12; phone, gas, bath, sunny.
THE Giilenpie. 110 Ninth St.— Nicely furnished
room?. $150 to $3 per week; phone; quiet.
THIRD, 143 — Sunny housekeeping rooms, com-
plete: front; first floor; hot and cold water.
VALENCIA,* 1006 — Sunny bay-window- room,
with use of whole house during day.
A BRANCH otQce for Call advertisement* and
fubscriptions has been established at 1099
V«T»nrla nt. ' •
HUOMSTU LET Porn, and Unfura.
A HANDSOMELY furnished, sunny bay-win-
dow room In private residence, four blocks
from Park entrance, and within easy walk*
Ing distance of Affiliated Colleges, $15; also
large unfurnished room with private ¦ en-
trance; gentlemen only. Address box 1700,
Call office
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night. /
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market St. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c. 60c. $1. $1 60 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market— (old~No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rooms, suites, single; also unfurnished.
CASTRO. 486 — Furnished room, with or wlth-
out use of kitchen. ' _l2Hi'
CLIFFORD. 204 Bills, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices - reasonable.
EDDY, 85>O— Beautifully furnished apartments
In elegant flat; also single rooms.
ELEVENTH, 38 — Four rooms, partly furnished.
GOLDEN GATE, 847— Dertrable front suite or
tingle rooms; opposite Jefferson Square.
GRAND Southern 7th and Mission — Rooms 60c
to $1 50 night; $2 to $8 week; reading-room.
HARRISON, 784>,£. near Fourth — Finely turn,
sunny rooms; bath; all convs. ; $1 week up.
HOTEL GRAYSTONE
66 Geary st. ; phone Bush 880.
Centrally located fireproof hotel; elegantly
furnished suites, with baths and singles.
HYDE, 81&— 2 sunny front rooms, en suite or
single; reasonable to right parties.
JESSIE, 363. near U. S. Mint— Furnished room,
$5; large one, 2 beds, $10.
NATOMA, 102, near 8econd — Sunny furnished
single rcoms: $1 per week.
i LASKIE, 27. opp. Mission, between Eighth and
Ninth — 3 furnished, sunny housekeeping
rooms; rent cheap.
O' FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: elec. lights; day, week, mo.
POST. 103S — Nicely furnished rooms in a new,
modern flat; central.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor: rooms per night, 35c to $1 50; week. $2
to $S; month, $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHOTWELL. 18 — 1 small front room, $5: 1
large rear, $7; both sunny; gas.
ET. JAMES, McAllister and Laguna— Front
sunny rooms; all new; very cheap; telephone
Page S751.
TURK, 254 — Large sunny front room; two or
three gentlemen. . •• \ ¦ -
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy st. near Market—
400 single and family rooms; 35c to $1 night;
$1 75 to $6 week; elevator; electric lights;
reading-rocm; free bus and baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st.. near Market —
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 night; $2 to $3 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established . at 10d4
Valencia yt
HOOMS AXD BOARD.
STEVENSON Mansion, 607 California et. — At-
tractive and sightly rooms; best table and
service; lowest rates.
VAN NESS ave.. 1714— Private boarding-house,
home like, everything, first class; sunuy
suites; single rooms; choice locality; ref.
WANTED — One or two gentlemen to room and
board in private family; terms reasonable.
- 1042 Sbotwell St. - , -
HAYES. 671 — Nice front room with board for
gentleman; private family; reasonable.
PAGE. 151 — Rooms and board in suites or sepa-
rate; modern: homelike: $20 each.
THE LAKE. 268 Turk— Nicely furnished
rooms with board.
~~ SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE is hereby given that the Transfer
Books fir Ihe transfer ot stock of The Bank
of California will be closed September 15.
1803. "at 3 o'clock p. ra., and will reopen on
Friday, October 2, 1803. By order of the
Board of Directors.
ALLEN M. CLAY, Secretary.
6eptembrr 3, 1003.
DR. A. E. NEUMEISTER. Surgeon— Special
attention given to medical and surgical dis-
eases of women, diseases of the liver stom-
ach and bowels. B13-14 Starr King bldg..
121 Geary nt.; tel. Private Exchange 216.
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRhTdEAF^EsT and NOISES In EARS
positively cured: new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottln«rham. 204 Sutter st.
STUTTERING AXD STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE 8ystem School, Van Ness and
Market: positive cure for all. Don't delay.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOBN.
HASLETT— In this city, September 13, 1903,
to the wife of Percy E. Haslett, a son.
DIED.
Barber. J. 'Willis Lowenstein. Amanda
- Blood, Warren H. McGonlgle, Annie M.
Bush, Peter McLean, Dr. M.
Gallagher, Nancy Miller, Frank
Gorman. Andrew 3. Nathan, Lillian
Grubb. Samuel N. Orr. James B.
Hallock. James F. Potter. Muriel F.
Hanavan, Bridget Reno, Catherine
Johnson. Caroline Schuyler, Hannah J.
Jones, David R. Steinman, Peter
Lapsley. Bridget A. Tyson, Martha E.
Lawrie, James R. "Wood. Marian 1*.
BARBER — In this city, September 12. 1903, J.
Willis, beloved Infant of H. A. and Dora
Barber, a native of San Francisco, aged -23
days.
E7 Interment private.
BLOOD — In Oakland, September 12. 1903, War-
ren II.. beloved .husband of Lottie L. Blood,
a native of California, aged 39 years.
ICpTrieuds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday, September 15, 1903. at 2:30 o'clock,
at Alcatraz Hall. Seventh and Peralta
streets, Oakland, under the direction of Alca-
traz Lodge No. 244, F. and A. M. 8trlctly
private funeral services at late residence,
14C6 Eighth street.
BUSH— In this city. September 12. 1903. Peter
Bush.' father of L. C. Bush, a native of
Denmark, aged 80 years 2 months and 25
days. . . .
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street. Interment Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery.
GALLAGHER — In this city. September 11.
1903, Nancy, relict of the late Thomas H.
Gallagher, beloved -mother of Mrs. J. D.
Powers, Thomas H. and William J. Gal-
lagher and the late Mrs. E. J. Reynolds,
and sister of Mrs. Ed Rooney and Arthur
and the late John Kearney, a native of
County Down, Ireland, aged 65 years 10
months and ' 10 days.
E7Friends ard acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from the funeral
parlor* of McGinn Bros.. 224-22C McAllister
street, thence to St. Brigid"s Church, where
a solemn requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repoee of her soul, commenc-
ing at »:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cress
Cemetery.
GORMAN— In this city, September 12. 1003,
Andrew J., son of the late John and Mary
Gorman, brother of John, Joseph and Chris
Gorman, Mrs. M. Power, Mrs. C. E. Smith. '¦
Mrs. F. Christ. Mrs. Alice Marvin and Clara
Gorman, a native of New Orleans, aged 50
years. A member of the Varnishers' and
Polishers' Union.
(EyFrienJs and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of - Carew &. English. 29 Van Ness avenue,
thence to Sacred Heart Church for services
at 1 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. \
GRUBB— In this city, September 12. 1003,
Samuel N., beloved husband of Rosa Grubb,
a native of Baltimore, Md., aged 67 yean
0 months and 7 days.
IC^ Friends are respectfully invited to • at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (.Tuesday), at 10
AUCTION SALES
irv, UNDEP. ELECTRIC LIGHT ja_
*¦ ¦»" Grand Auction Saie of Choice -~-vi\
TBOTTXBTO ASS PACX3TG HORSXS.
Containing weil trained «ons and daughters ot
McKinney. 2:11V«: Diablo. 2:U0V«; Truman.
2:12; Falrose. 2:1»H; Tuberose. Ibex. 10.673:
Clarence Wllkes. 2:23**: Gossiper Jr., Sidney.
2:19%; Alexander Button. 2:2t>H: Del Rey.
2:23; Senator B (by MendocinO. 2:13H:
Nephew. Win wood. Sllkwood. Sable Wllkes.
!2:18; Gossiper. 2:1.".^; Richards' Elector. Lus-
i tridon. Direct. 2:05&. Good Gift. Hart Bosw«li.
; Bayswater Wllkes, Montesal (by McKlnnev).
Antevolo. 2:19H: Boodle, 2:11H; Charle* De»«
I by, 2:20, and many other famous trotting stal-
lions and sires. Perfect, stylish road hor»«s.
guaranteed in every way, having faultless ac-
tion and extreme speed. Fine surrey horsaa:
well matched teams; standard and registered
brood mares; extremely fast and promising trot.
ters, handsome saddle horses and several S.H-
purpese horses. Seekers after the finest repre-
sentatives of the best trotting famtlies will »>•
suited. Not a cull will be offered. Evsry ani-
mal must be sold without reserve or limit.
Bale takes place at the
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
_, _ 246 THIRD ST.. NEAR FOLPOM.
mohiay Eviarara, sept. a«ii. 1903.
Commencing at 7:45 O'clock Sharp.
Horses at salesyard Sept. 12. Catalogues
ready. WM. Q. LA TNG. Livestock Auctioneer.
£*> £»
AUCTION SALE
At the B. T. McCCLLOUGH RANCH. tw»
miles east of Crows Landing. Stanislaus Co..
I will sell at 10 a. m.
Wednesday, Sept. 16,1903,
120 mares and geldings. 73 3 and 4 year old
mules, 33 yearling and 2-year-old mules. X
Norman stallion. 1 Belgian stallion and 4 Cn«
Jacks. /
Free conveyance from depot to grounds.
Free lunch.
Terms of sale—cash.
; B. T. McCULLOUCH. Proprietor.
£* fc* £*
TO CLOSE OUT MY ENTIRE STOCK of 37
work and driving horses. 4 surreys. 4 top bug-
gies. 3 carts. 12 road and business buggies and
30 sets of single and double harness. I will sell
at 1140 Folsom «.. Tuesday, Sept 13, 11 a. ra..
the entire stock at auction.
GRAND AUCTION SALE.
All horses, wagons, harness, plows, scrap-
ers and other material belonging to GREELT
Jfc SON, contractors, will be sold at auction
without reserve TUESDAY. September I.T. 11
a. m.. at stables. Seventh ave., between Point
Lobos and Clement.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
® Steamers leave San Fraa-
cisco as follows:
For Ketchtkan. Wrangel.
Juneau. H&lnes, Skagway.
•tc. Alaska.—11 a. m.. Sept.
IS. 23. 28»-Oct. 3. Changs
to company's ateamers at
Seattle.
For (Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Tiwnsend. Ta-
eoma. Everett. 'Whatcom'—11 a. m.. Sept. 1».
23, M. Oct. 3. Changs at Seattle to this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. X. Ry.: at
Seattle for Tacoma to V. P. Ry.; at Vancou-
ver to C. P. Ry. *
Fcr Eureka (Humboldt Bay)—Pomona, 1:30
p. m.. Sept. 19. 25, OctM; Corona, 1:30 p. m..
Sept. 16. 22. 28. Oct. 4.
[ For Los Angeles (via Port Loa Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara—
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State- of California, Thursdays. 9 a. m.
¦ For Lea Angles (vta San Pedro and F.xst
Ean Pedro), Santa Barbara, Santa Crui. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucoa. Port Ilarford (iaa
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Huoieme.
Cooa Bay. 9 a. m.. Sept. 14. 22. 3O. Oct. g.
Bonita. » a. m.. Sept. IS. M. Oct. 4.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Josa del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas C~zt), 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain foMer.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sali-
Inor dates.
TICKET orriCXS—4 Xew Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharf.
Freight cfrtcs, 10 Market street.
•C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agunt,
10 Market street. San Francisco.
O. /?. «ft /V. CO.
"Columbia'* calls Sept. 10. 20. 30, Oct. 10, 20,
30. "Geore» W. Elder" sails Sept. IS. 23.
Oct. 8 15. 25. Only steamship lin« to PORT-
LAND. OR., and short rail Una from Portland
to all oolnta East. Through tickets to all
points, all rail or steamship and rail at LOW-
KST RATES. Steamer tickets Inelud* berth
and meal*. Steamer sails foot of Spear st. at
II a. m. 8. F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass. D*pt..
1 Montgomery St.: C. CLIFFORD, Oca. Agt.
Frt. Dept., 3 Montgomery 9L
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAIi STEAMSHIP CO.>
Strrnners will leara wharf, corner First aa4
Branaan streets, at 1 P. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Htoga>.
Nagasaki and Shanghai, and connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
cargo received on board on day of sailing.
8. ti UONGK0NG MARU (calling at Ma-
nila) Saturday. September 19 1M3
8. 6. NIPPON* MARU
Thursday. October 15 1903
S 8. AMERICA MARU I.
Tuesday. November 10. 190S*
Via Honolulu. Round trip tickets st reduced
rates. For freight and passage, apply at Com-
pany's office 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent
oeeanic8.s.co.g;S^
S 8. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and 8ydney. Thursday, Sept. 17. 2 p. m.
S 3. MARIPOSA. for f ahltl. Sept. 20, 11 a, m.
8 S ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Sept. 26L 11 a. m.
4ii!fTBiniiEi3i.e3,iat»..rxfatK3B,Hjirtjia
imB&ttfflHt 113 lartot$l.ftrh. 7.fa*a H
KOSMOS LINE.
SPLENDID S. S. LTJXOR 6300 TONS
Carrying First and Second Class Passengers.
bails Sept. 24. l'j*.i.i. fcr London and Hamburg.
via Mexican. Central and South American ports.
Lowxt Fares. UnequalwJ Service.
J D EPRECKELS A BROS. CO., Agents.
643*Markat st.. San Francisco.
C0X?AGIOX 6SVXBALE TTUX3ATLA2TTXQTOL
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
Sailing every Thursday, instead of^»|t7i
Saturday, at 10 a. rn.. from Pier 42. «S*aBE£"
North River, foot of Morton st.
' First-class to Havre. $70 and upward. See-
ond-clasa to Havre, $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, 33 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New Tork. J. F. FUGAZI St CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Tlckst Agent*.
* Hat* Island and. Vallejo Uteamtn,
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELZ.O—
9:43 a. m.. 3:13 and 8:30 p. ra.. except Sunday.
Sunday. »:I3 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Valtejo,
T a. m.. 12:30 noon, ft p. ra.. ex. Sunday. San-
day, 7 a. m.. 4:13 p. m. Fare. 80 cents. Tel.
Main 1503. Pier 2. Mlssloa-st. Oock. HATCH
BROS.
o'clock, from his late residence. 1079 Ash-
bury street, near Seventeenth. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
HALLOCK— In this city. September 13. 1003,
James F.. beloved husband of Margaret Hal*
lock, and father of J. C. and dorian Hal-
lock, a native of Morichen, L. I., New York,
aged 70 years 5 months and 19 days.
CyKriends and acquaintances are respect-
- fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from Mission Ma-
sonic Temple. Mission street, between Twen-
ty-second and Twenty-third streets, under
the auaoices of Mission Lodge No. 1C9,. F.
and A;. M. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery.
HANAVAN— In this city, September 12, 1903,
Bridget, beloved wife of John H k Hanavan,
mother of John T.. William J.. Josephine
and Agnes Hanavan. Mrs. G. M. Leddy and
Mrs. B. J. Ryblcki. and sleter of Mrs. M.
Keneflck, Mrs. J. Coleman and Mrs. J. Mc-
Laln,a native of County Cork, Ireland, aged
. 66 years. • .
' (T7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend* the funeral to-day'
(Monday), at 0 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2712 Seventeenth street, near Bryant,
thence to Bt. Charles Borromeo's Church,
where a requiem high- mass will be cele-
brated foathe reuose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 0:j0 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. . i
JOHNSON— In Oakland, September 12, 1003,;
Caroline, beloved wife of Thomas W. John- ]
son, and mother of Mrs. Fred Phillips and
Kenneth R. Johnson, a native- of England,
aged SI years and 1 month.
JONES — In this city. September 11. 1003. Da-
vid R. Jones, beloved father of John R.
Jones, Mrs. F. P. Butterfleld, Mrs. H. C.
CookHOn and the late Mrs. Z. U. Dodge. ; a
native of North Wales, aged 83 years 3
months and 11 days. (Eureka. Cal.. v papers
please copy.)
inyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1S24 Post street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by electric car from Eight-
eenth and, Guerrero streets.
LAPSLEY— In this city. September 13, 1903.
Bridget A., beloved wife of Thomas Lapsley,
and mother of George S. Lapsley, Mrs. Wil-
liam Malt, Mrs. John G. Moreno and the late
Thomas Lapsley, a native of Londonderry,
Ireland, aged tKJ years. (Philadelphia, Pa.,
New Jersey and New York papers please
copy.)
(ETThe funeral will take place- to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 0:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 3 Alcmany street, oft Seventeenth,
thence to Mission Dolores Church for ser-
vices st 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. •
LAWRIE— In thia city. September 12, 1003.
James R. Lawrie, beloved husband of Eliza
D. Lawrie. and father of Ella and Harry V.
Lawrie and Mrs. W. A. Todd. a native of
London* England, aged 79 years 4 months
and 20 days. (Oakland and Santa Clara.
Cal.. and Syracuse. N. Y., paperi please
copy.)
{O'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Monday, September 14. 1003. at 2 o'clock,
at the mortuary chaDel of the Golden Gate
Undertaking Company, 2475 Mission street,
near Twenty-first. Interment Santa Clara
Cemetery Tuesday morning, on arrival of
train.
LOWENSTEIN— In this city. September 13.
1903. Amanda Lowenstein, beloved sister of
Mrs. Ulselder. Mrs. M. L. Dessauer and Be-
nard and Samuel Lowensteln, aged 32 years.
CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
McGONIGLE— In this city, September 12. 1903,
Annie M., dearly beloved daughter of the
late Patrick and Grace McGonigle. and de-
voted sister of Willie. Cornelius. John.
James, Dennia and Daniel McGonigle. Mrs.
George H. Murphy and Mrs. Charles Colgan.
a native of San Francisco.
ItT^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
full/ Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 0 o'clock, from th« parlors of
the United Undertakers. 860 Mission street,
between Fourth and Fifth, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
McLEAN— In Placcryille. Cal., September 13.
1903, Dr. Murdoclr McLean.
MILLER— In this city, September 12, 1003,
Frank Miller, brother of J. A. Miller, a na-
tive of New York, aged 55 years.
CTRemalns at the mortuary chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2475
Mission street, near Twenty-first.
NATHAN— In this city. September 13. 1903.
Lillian Nathan (nee Posner). dearly beloved
wife of John Nathan, daughter of Philip
1 and Hannah Posner, and sister of Abe, Ben-
jamin, Henry, Joe. Eva and Violet Posner,
a native of San Francisco, aged 23 years 4
months and 16 days. (Sacramento, Cal., and
Eastern papers please copy.)
CyFilends and acquaintances are respect-
fully,lnvited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 379 Hayes street, between
Franklin and Gough. and thence by electric
funeral car leaving Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets at 11:15 o'clock to New Ealem Ceme-
tery for Interment.
ORR — In this city, September- 12, -1*08. James
B. Orr, a native of Canada, aged €5 years.
(Butte, Mont., and Seattle papers please
copy.)
CTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Monday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden, McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
POTTER — In this city. September 13, 1908,
at the residence of her parents, &40 Ninth
street, Muriel Frances Potter, dearly be-
loved daughter of H. A. and Ida Potter, and
beloved sister of Hazel, Carrie, Florence,
Ida and Alden Potter, a native of Son Fran-
cisco, aged 3 years 3 months and 1 day.
RENO — In this city, September 11, 1903. Cath-
erine Reno, beloved mother of William G..
Joseph S. and the late, Peter J. Reno, and
sister of William Farrell. a native of Hali-
fax, Nova Scotia, aged 79 years S months
and 10 days. (Boston, Mass., and Halifax. -
Nova Scotia, papers please copy.)
C7Frlend9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at S: 1.% o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden. McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. John's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SCHUYLER— In Payatte. IdaUo, Hannah J.
Schuyler, beloved wife of W. H. Schuyler of
Lcmpoc, Santa. Barbara County, aged Z>!
yeais and 5 months.
STEINMAN— In the City and County Hospital,
September ' 13, 1903. Peter Stetnman, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 73" years.
TYSON — In Nlles, Alameda County, Cal., Sep-
tember 12, 1003, Martha Estell, beloved wife
of David Tyson, mother of George, Emallne,
Benjamin and Olive Tyson, and sister of
Mrs. Sarah Graham, Mrs. Mary Gregory and
William Smith, a native of Canada, aged 30
years 7 months ami 24 days.
CjTricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from ber late resi-
dence near Miles, Alameda County, and
thence to CentervtTle Episcopal Church, where
services will be held. Interment I. O. O.
F. Cemetery, Irvlngton.
WOOD — In Alameda. September 13, 1903. Mar-
ian P. Wood, beloved mother of Chester F\
Wood, a native of New York, aged 83 years.
REXL^ESTATE CITY — FOR. SALE, j
easton. eldridgeT &~ca,
ti3S MARKET ST.
AL'CTION
AUCTION
TUESDAY. SEPTEMBER" 15, 19C3,
At Our SaWroom, C3S Market St.. *
At 12 o'clock noon.
RICHMOND RESIDENCE.
S line of 3d ave.. 73 ft. S of Lake St.. being
No. ICC Third ave.; a modern 2-Ftory and full
basement dwelling, containing 7 spacious rooms
ami porcelain J-ath; tiled sink?: iron fencing;
cement Kidewalks; plumbing Al; small cash
payment, balance in monthly Installments; no
taxes or Interest; do not fail to inspect thin
magnificent property- Eddy-st care; get oft |
at Third ave. j
RICHMOND FLATS. ,'
S line of Lake «.. SO ft. W of Second ave.,
being No. 43 Lake St.; lot 23x1 C2:0 feet.
P line cf Leke el., 55 feet E of Second ave.,
and bemj No. 3'.» Lake St.; improvements con-
fist of 4 flats of r> rooms each, porcelain baths,
tillre, etc.; artistic iron fencing: patent con-
crete siJewalk; renting extremely low for $45
per month: this property can be purchased with
: email carh paymt--.it. balance easy terms; will
be eold separately; Eddy-st. cars take you to
the doer.
MISSION* COTTAGE.
S line of HIM Bt.. bet. Sanchez and Noe; Np.
4tt Hill ft; elegant new cottage: modern tn
everj- respect: 5 epacious rooms, porcelain bath;
fire high basement: property commands a mag-
nificent marine view: small cash payment, bal-
ance eaey terms; Cast;-o cars 1 block frcm
property.
MISSION' HOME.
EK line of London St.. 125 ft. NE of Brastl.
being No. 317 London et.; improvements con-
eist of a handsome 2-story dwelling of 5 rooms
and bath; modern in every respect; commands
a magnificent view; Sao Mateo and Mission St.
electric cars within 1 block of the property.
MISSION COTTAGE.
S line of Vulcan st.. 28 ft. W of Juno, being
lot 2. block T. Park Lane Tract; handsome ¦*•
< room and bath cottage; connected with sewer
and water; Just flnlehed and within 20 minutes'
ride from the Emporium: take Castro-st. car.
ALSO
N line cf Vulcan ft.. 274 ft. S of Juno: block
t\ lot IS. Park Lane Tract: new modern <rot-
i tage of 4 rooms and bath; revelation in archi-
tecture
PACIFIC HEIGHTS BUILDING LOT.
TV line of Devisadero St.. 202 ft. N of Jack-
son; elegantly situated building lot In the best
portion of the Western Addition: flats erected
upen this magnificent property could be made
i to realize a handsome revenue; lot 25x110 ft.
SACRAMENTO-ST. BUILDING- LOT.
; S ilne of Sacramento St.. 37:6 ft. E of Spruce;
I particularly desirable building 6ite In an aris-
tocratic neighborhood: level and ready for
building; patent concrete sidewalk; lot 2*>xl04:9
feet.
MISSION INVESTMENT.
S line of 23th St.. 175 ft. W cf Sanchez: ex-
tremely large lot. 29:CxlU ft.; No. 4023 25th
et. ; 2 elegantly situated flats of 5 rooms and
bath each: patent toilets; brick foundation;
modern plumbing: no water bills to pay, as
there Is a fine windmill. 2000-gallon water
tank; all in fine order, on the premises; rents
very low far $30 per month; mortgage of
$1300 can remain.
Fcr further particulars and catalogue.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market et
BARGAINS.
?230" — Cottage. 4 rooms and bath, etc.: brick
foundation; In fine repair; lovely home: lot
25x114: sunny elde 27th St.. bet. Dolores
ar.d Church.
$1300 — Cottage. 4 rooms; lot 23xS0; Folsom
St.; H block from cars; street work all done.
$33«0— $5Ort caeb: 2-story. 7 rooms; modern:
lot 2<>xl25: fine neighborhood: between
Twenty-nfth and Twenty-sixth sts.. Fair
Oaks.
$2100 — Cottage, 4 rooms, bath and stable: un-
finished basement; can be made Into a flat;
Duncan St.. sunny side, between Guerrero
and Dolores.
SHOO — Lot 25x125: Fair Oaks St., between
Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth; sunny side;
fine neighborhood : lots in ?ame block held
at ?2000; $500 cash, balance long time.
$16o0— Lot 2oxT8:6; San Jose ave., between
Twenty-fifth and Army sts., bituminized and
sidewalk.
S35O each — 2 lots. 25x114; Duncan st.
J. F. FLT7MBE. I4O2 Valencia St.
2 HOUSES. Just finished. 1320 and 1322 Castro
et., near 24th. opposite carhou«e; 7 large
sunny rooms, tastefully decorated and lln-
ished b&eqment: all modern and up to date;
price low and easy terms to effect immediate
sale. See owner on cremises.
A BARGAIN— $4250: CORNER LOT, 2
FLATS. LOT 2Bxll4; 184 CLIPPER ST.
SEE OWNER ON PREMISES.
"WHY PAY RENT? $400 for house and lot.
335— Must sell level lot at any price.
S400 for 4 beautiful lot*. S. V. water, etc.
J12OO— 4-room cottage, bath, toilet, etc.. near
cars.
THISTLETON. 272 Sadowa St. - Ocean View. !
FORCED eale of 2 cottages, 5 r. and b., on
C'.th St.. near Castro; one chanre In a life-
time; $100 down and $20 per month. 1245
Sanchez; $300 down and $20 per month.
D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission St.
S-ROOM house and outbuildings: free water;
eultable for poultry or hounds: 100x125 ft.;
also unimproved 7*>xl25. 120 Palmetto ave.
FOR sal* — House 8 rn*.; high basement; sunny
side 19tb. bet. Valencia and Mission: no reas.
offer refused. Stephens & Co.. Unlon-sq. Mkt.
MARKET and Dolores — 7CxS0 feet, unim-
proved. See owner's sign on premises.
POINT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
WATER frcnt lots and bargains: all tracts;
mars, rhotog. etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
HEAL ESTATE Conn try For Sale.
ALFALFA lanfls, etock ranches, orchard j,
vineyards; Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues eent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 613
Market ft.
REAL. ESTATE TO EICHANGE.
OWNER of choice Eerkeley real estate would
like to exchange for some In this city. Ad-
dreys box 41 4S. Call office. '
BEAL ESTATE WASTED. '
WANTED in a good location. 2 modern fiats ol
C rooms each; will find a cash purchaser if
reasonable. Apply box 123S. Call office.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
JUST WHAT YOU ARE LOOKING FOR^
A PRETTY HOME IN ALAMEDA.
Furrounded by flowers and fruit trees: near
train and echools; enly $2S50; lot 75x125.
Nice 5-room cottage and bath.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
Tel. Grand 1416. 1500 Park gL, Alameda.
$270— LOT. 30x155; $100 cash, balance $10
per month.
$2€50 — New bouse, of 6 rooms; choice lot; $200
cash, balance $30 per month.
J. H. YOUNG. Builder.
1243 Park st.. Alameda.
FRUITY ALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FBUITTAXE FURNISHED HOUSES.
( C-ROOM cottage, furnished. Apply first house
on Fremont ave.. off East Fourteenth st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 2B0ADWAY.
OAKLAND COTTAGES TO LET.
FOR rrnt — Cottage, 8 rooms; up-to-date; stable,
etc.; $20 a month; carpets for rale cheap.
ti:U Sixtieth St., Oakland, at Adeline station,
on railroad to Berkeley.
OAK L. AXD ggR X M*J?*UB **? HLJgA LbT
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture. H. Schellhaas, llih et.,cor.store,Oaklnd.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AJCTLERS. 415«Turk st.— Strictly modern; 4-3
room apartments; fur, or unfur. for hskpg.
BUCHANAN, 1S41 — 3 sunny furnished rooms;
bath; gas and coal ranges; porch.
EUEH, 2133—2 sunny rooms tnd small kitch-
en; running water, gas range.
CHESTERFIELD, Bush. bet. Stockton, Powell
— Mod. apartments; nearly com.; call 1 to 4.
FULTON, 231 — Two furnished housekeeping
room*; gas range, grate.
HERBERT (Tbe) — Sunny apartments for
housekeeping; gas ranges; just newly fur-
nished. 1530 Tolk st.
HOWARD. 1CC3 — 2 sunny connecting complete-
ly fur, bay-wind, rms.; elec. lights; others.
HYDE, 605—2 nice sunny rooms for housekeep-
ing; gas range, bath and phone.
MISSION. 1003 — Nicely furnished *uites, com.
plete for housekpg; other rooms $1 50 wk. up.
MISSION*. 1312U. near Ninth— Floor of 3 nice-
ly fumUhed rooms; rent $22 50.
NATOMA 701—2 large housekeeping: rooms; no
children.
OAK. Ill — 2 or J nicely furnished rooms for
bousekeesl&g; gas stove.
T .?™J^ e * tCEt o PPcrtu=ity eV~er~offeVe<j "m^Ssa
nl^ to Cet ° Cood reliable piano cheap.
ZSS*"*. r «*»cval «-• »•»» sacrifice any in-
strument for va*h or Installments. Call or
t CHa«p r 1 * n<1 terms Rt cac *- KOHLER
* CHASE. Established 1S00. 30 OTarrtl 1.
E KSr; W !i BtttaW*, upright piano:
tx n«-ct order, sacrifice. Kcege'e,^ OFarrelL
£S££ftum£&&4 '«^ory and E ave 50 per
C SCOTrSSri^'V 0 tn clt y for *¦* Per month.
.SCOTT-CI.RTAZ PIANO CO.. SCO Hayes st.
*' X^er"- U2y pianoJ - Ceclllaa piano
iia>er. BTRON fe A UZY. 30S-312 Post st.
EX vri R i X ?5 rtol K r!th «*- ol<1 ana new - H-
:wi L.L.J.K. maker, repairer 2 Latham place.
ORGAXS.
''t^Tn^ l1 * 1 -° f »*"e*ic« ia second-hand
;.-:.¦! for Septernber '.:•>'.'
1 MAJESTIC- iJriC *- N0W '
Walnut case, minium sire, 7 1-3
o-taves. thre* pedals, full swinging-
c.ueic r*ck. Ut*tt design, good con-
S KliERSONS^"' *" 30 *~ 3
Two tn walnut oasts and one in
ouk. «na:i s:ze, , carved panels.
thr»« p».is.ls. 7 1-3 octaves, fine con-
'rr^etffRi:"" » »
if«bogary case, large *i«. 7 1-3
ecu*>es. fine ccrditicn. thoroughly
Ktcvsted. cannot b« told from a
eew piano 373 223
1 niciivnxiv- '
!«Ianor«r.y case. :arge e".ze. latest
style, three pedals, 7 1.3 octaves.
C<aaio!:a attachment, almost new.. 300 240
. 1 C. A. STONE At CO.—
Walnut Cite, medium eiee, full
swinrir-g music rack, thoroughly
renovated and e<i<ial to new SGO 250
1 x3J?TJTT— » ¦ * . *
"Walnut ca*e. Ecefiium size, 7 1-3
f^nuEv 1 d conditloa 400 25 °
Walaut case, cabinet Krand. 7 1-3
f octaves, thoroughly renovated and
equal to aew 45O 260
Complete list fvamished on application at
our store. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
' _ Corner Kearay ar.d Putter sta.
. PEItSOXALg.
A— FACI>X, BLEMISHES REMOVED.
..*rlr.k.l««, yellow etad flabby eldn. birthmarks,
»:r.al!p<^ plttinrs aafl scars scientifically re-
rr.oved without cutting, massage, electricity or
rr.efiiclaet ; sptcial : demonstrations this weelc
Call cr wrtte Dr. L. WILLIAMS. 371 Gear>.
EFECIAX#— Reduced' for the month only, horn*
treatment that you can use at your own
fccme. removing- WrlnkUs. tan. freckles, leav-
*.r.g eJrtn ci*-ar an4 emooth : to be had only at
rr.y effice. Cali cfr write M. ELLA HARKIS.
Tfrl OTarrell st. '
THE £ tar Hair Refraefiy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its gT' wti.i,s'cj>s fulling, cure« <landi-ti:i
and Itching sca/lp; no stain or stickiness:
cleanses scalp; at; flruggists'. halrtlrerser*' -.ac-
cept no substltuto. star RensedyCo.,3S5Geary.
v-ILL lady la bla-ck- en blue car September 13.
3:40 p. in., from Cliff, kindly seni address or
phone number to <3alL box 125-. as gentleman
wishes to speak? /
NOT how cheap, bvit hew good is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Ptasdard. the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
XV. EVAN'S. ay«-nt. 1021 Market st.
1 IJYEICIAJ*.'. 15 y^arE' experience, cures per-
manently morrhi-ne. cocaine habit. Call or
eddress Central .Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave..
comer Gutter ct. • fee moderate.
I.CMOVAL— DR. *>V. C. FTRATTON ha* re-
mcved fcls efflc«? from 2255 Mission Et. to
rooms S73 and 574. Parrott bldg <Emporlum).
"ED- WETTING <-ured; package cf Pen-lne.
riirecticn and booklet rr.aJled free. Missouri
BesMdy Co.. fitpt. C20, St. Loul*. Mo.
2iAIRDREESING !m all tranches taught; 15 for
2 we»ks. Up-to- Date Halt-dressing Parlors.
IC2C Market Ft., room 1. upstairs.
IjAXCING Tuesday^ Thursday. Saturday and
funday evenings . at Tf»uton!a Hall. Howard
Ft., near Ninth; management Prof. Foster.
r AT 1"es than cc*t. »jnra!le<J frr fults. overcoat*
. «.r.d trrusers. et CHARLES LYONS'. London
'.' 1. :: r. 721 Market St.
THE hirhett pr-icf^ paid for ladies' or gents'
i-ast-crr clothing and all articles of value at
V.EINBERG'S. U*A Ellis St. .'
L'-LOAXT FUit* ca easy installment*; 50 oenta
ar.d up per week. LHON LEMOS. 111T ]
Market St., between Seventh and Eightll.
F GREENFIELD, tailor — Communicate with I
your brother Homer. 7*t> Harrlaon gt. |
THE best pl> c « t0 buy good umbrella* or !
have them covered or repaired 1* 120 Stockton. 1
ALL fty'.e* halrdrvsriJig 2T>c; hair goods; mani- !
citing. 25c G. LEOERER, 123 Etocktoa st.
TAII>OIJ-MADE BUit $7 50; Cress pant* *2 M>.
Mlef.t Clothing Varlor. cor. Bush and Dupont.
fc'JHEUFLUOUS hair and mole* removed by
eieetrc needle. Dr.&Vrs.Travirfe.llTO Market ¦
MASQUERADE costun es. play books. wlg»,
cour.try order*. GOLDSTEIN A. CO.. 733 Mkt
ALFREDl'JfS Ea-yptian Henna restores gray
hair to it* naturaJ color; SI; at all druggists'.
Eup^rrluouj! talr and molw removed with, elec-
tric ne»^!e. Mr*, ft M<<?b Eaton. 1119 Butter.
A WEEK'S new* for S cents — The Weekly CalL
16 r«f». In wrapper, for mall<njc. fl per year.
PALMISTRY.
MME. DEVAS— Scientific palmist aad astrolo-
jlst. Palm readings fl. Houn 10 to 12 aad
1 to 5. and Tuesday evenlncs. 1?9 Post et
MRS. L. EHRHORX, «-!airvoyant ana- palm! *t;
circle* Monday and Thursday. 8 p. m.. 10c
C31 Linden ave.. near Buchanan Bt.
H. JEHOME FOEELLI. eclentlflc palmist. 513
Taylor st.. near Geary. Phoae Black EC1.
PHYSICIANS AXD fiLUGEOXS.
DR. C. C O'DONXELL — OfSee and residence.
1021 H Market £t.. tct. Sixth and Sevtrth.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 10T3H Market Ft.
REMOVED— DR. WON'G HIM. herb doctor;
treats ail disease* of the human body; for
; att four years at 115-117 Mason: now lo-
cated at 667 Geary St.. near LeaTepwarth.
DR. TONG PO CHT, successor to Dr. 14 Po
Tai fcerb doctor; cures all diseases of hasaan
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington et.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dis-
ttfM cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay et.
PBOIOSALS.
PROPOSALS— Elds Wanted— Notice Is here-
fcy given that sealed proposal* will b« re-
ceived br tne board of directors of th«;Vet-
eraas' Home of California, at its office, room
13 320 Banscme street. San Francisco, up
to 12 o'clock m. on MONDAY. September 14.
1903 for furnishing and delivering materials
and 'furnishings for the new hospital at th«
Veterans' Home. Napa County. Cal. trail-
road . etatlon Yountvllle). Specifications for
above may be seen and examined at thu of-
fice of the board cf directors between th«
hours of 8 a. zn. and 5 p. rn. each week day.
iloner fcr payment on contracts will t>*
available immediately after January 1. 1804.
Preference will be given to gooda manufac-
tured in tf.U State, price, fitness and .qual-
ity being equal, under the provisions cf sec-
tion 3217 of the Political Code. The board
reserves the right to reject any or ail bid*.
*nd to oravr any quantity over or under the
•jnount specified. Address JOIIX F. SIIEE-
JIXS. Secretary of tha Board of Directors
cf tbe Veterans" Home of California, room
13 220 Sansotne street. San Francisco. Cal.
By order of the board of directors. JOHN
F. EHEEHAX. Secretary:*
EAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. Sept. 12. 1903— Beal-
*d Brcncsals. In triplicate, will be receive
here until 11 o'clock a. m.. September 22.
1!K-1 and then opened for construction of
"rame buildings lor lavatories, additions to
officers 1 quarters, plumbing, etc. at Depot
ef Recruit Instruction. Presidio cf ban Fran-
cisco, Cal. Government reserves right lo re-
lef-t cr accept any or all bids In whole or in
rart. Information furnished on application
to C. A. fJevol. Quartermaster. Chief Q. M.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
fcowchold goods etored. moved, shipped. t2A~
731 Howard »t-. near Third: phone Grant 161.
FIERCE-UOIXJLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prlv. Ex. C<1.
COS'XLIVS storage— Furniture and merchan-
dise. S33 Golden Gate ave,: phone East l»o.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances m*6*: M0
Mitfion «t.: tel. Howard 9*1. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Ftorage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2520 Fillmore St.: phone Jackson 2S1.
EEKINS \'\i. and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
rt.: tel. Main lMft. FHpplng at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TTPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for Its* money than any
houte In the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
E*char.se., t"C California : telephone Main 260.
P A FEW good typewriter* at SOT «*ach; get par-
ticulars. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
- poraery St. ____; ..
Cr-HAND tyi*\rriters so!<!. rented, repsired.
Wfhrter Tynewri'er lr.»p<»c. Co.. 20H Sansome,
UPHOI^TEBEPrO. k
Upholstering and ' mattresses made eve at
jour bouse. Box 1236. CalLTWO MEN ARRESTED ON SUSPICION OF BEING MEMBERS OF THE
• GANG THAT HAS BEEN SYSTEMATICALLY LOOTING FREIGHT
CARS OF THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC NEAR SALINAS."
Lundy pays the highest price for loose
diamonds. 4 3d st and 752 Market st. •
The new book telling how to use gas
economically and well free at the San
Francisco Gas and Electric Company. •
John McCaurey, a printer living at 67
Shipley street, was sent to the Central
Emergency Hospital on Saturday night
suffering from lacerated wounds on the
head, face and hands. He - said Daniel
McCormick, a neighbor, had struck him
with a bottle or hatchet. The physicians
at the hospital thought that both weap
ons had been used. McCormick was ar
rested by Policemen Herllhy and Farrell
for assault to murder.
Struck With a Hatchet.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia..
Druggists. 50c flask. Richard & Co.. 406 Clay. •
Mrs. Bridget Lapsley, C6 years of age,
was found dead on the rear porch of her
residence, 3 Alemany street, about 7
o'clock yesterday morning. Her body was
removed to the Morgue. The woman was
a heavy drinker, and death is supposed
to have been caused by cirrhosis of the
liver. Last Tuesday night her husband,
her daughter, Adeline Wait, and Charles
Simpson, a friend, were arrested for
drunkenness. During their orgle a bundle
ofracs in the basement had been set on
fire, and the flames were extinguished by
two policeman and some of the neighbors.
The woman's body was found by her hus
band.
Found Dead on Bear Porch.
The United States Civil Service Commis
sion announces an examination on Oc
tober 21 at San Francisco for the posi
tion of bookkeeper in the Philippine ser
vice at $1200 per annum. There are sev
eral vacancies to be filled. Age limit. 18
to 40 years. Persons who desire to com
pete should at once apply to the United
States Civil Service Commission, Wash
ington, D. C, for application forms 2
and 375, which should be properly exe
cuted and filed with the commission I at
Washington.
Official Positions Vacant.
Attorneys" briefs and transcripts' printed rap
idly and well. Myeell-Rolllns, 22 Clay. •
Joseph Furrer, a 14-year-old boy, the son
of a dairyman at the Six-Mile House, Mis
sion road, was knocked off the wagon
upon which he was seated yesterday af
ternoon while drivlns across Harrison
street between Sixth and Seventh by a
west-bound Harrison-street trolley car.
He was sent to the Emergency Hospital
and treated by Dr. 'Maher for a severe
contused wound of the right knee joint
and a punctured wound on the inside of
the right leg. He claims the motorman
of the car, 1007, did not ring his bell when
crossing the street. ,
Ran Into by a Trolley Car.
SALINAS, Sept. 13.— Further search of
the premises occupied by James Daugh
erty at the First and Last Chance saloon,
charged with being concerned in the rob
bery of freight trains, revealed sufficient
hides, groceries, liquors and other goods
to more than fill a freight car. The pris
oner still states that he was not one of
the principals, but simply acted as a fence",
and has to-day Informed the officers of
two other caches. He refuses to tell how
the goode were delivered, but as the rear
portion of his house is only fifty feet from
the main track and only twenty from the
outhouses, it is suspected that the goods
were thrown oft en route and picked up
by Daugherty and his confederates. He
is not confined with the other prisoners,
but is in the old jail, and from his ac
tions the Sheriff thinks he will soon
break down and make a full confession,
giving names, etc. There . are several
horse traders, so-called, encamped near
the saloon and upon its grounds, who are
under surveillance, as it is said they may
be implicated. Sheriff Nesbitt this after
noon went to Watsonville upon informa
tion that the men who escaped when
Daugherty was arrested had been seen
near there on horseback. Investigations
are being made as to how the stolen
goods were disposed of and officers say
startling developments may soon be
locked for.
More Goods Are Found and Prisoner
Is Weakening.
DAUGHERTY MAY CONFESS.
OPERATE MANY MONTHS.
' According to the authorities the gang
had been operating since last October on
freight trains after leaving Salinas, and
THE story of a systematic looting
of Southern Pacific freight cars
and the arrest and confession of
: W. H, Daugherty at Salinas, as
published exclusively in The Call
of yesterday, resulted in developing the
fact that two men suspected of complic
ity in the robberies and implicated by
Daugherty's confession have been in the
custody of the' local police since last
Thursday. They are C. A. Rutherford, a
brakeman on the Southern Pacific run
ning between here and Salinas, and C. V.
Graves, a marine fireman and a member
of the Stevedores' Union. The former is
held In the City Prison and the latter Is
guarded at the City and County Hospital,
suffering from blood poisoning as a result
of an injury received, according to
Daugherty, while jumping from the last
freight car that they robbed. The police
are looking for Frank Carey,- another ste
vedore, who has managed to evade arrest.
Rutherford when seen at the City Pris
on yesterday denied complicity in the rob
beries. He admitted, knowing Graves and
Carey, but said his acquaintance with
them was slight. «He said they had never
ridden on his train to his knowledge. He
denied knowing Daugherty.
Lewin left for Salinas yesterday after
noon and to-day will swear to complaints
charging , Daugherty, Rutherford, Graves
and, Carey with committing ' two burglar
ies, one on July 15 and the other on Aug
ust 15.
Other thefts discovered by Detective
Lewin were forty sacks of barley, which
were sold to a grain dealer named Fland
er in Salinas, and a case containing 42,000
cigarettes, which was so'.d to a^dgar
dealer named Harball in Salinas. Lewin
says that when Harball learned that the
detectives knew where the stolen cigar
ettes could be found 1 they, were thrown
into a fire and consumed.
After • Daugherty made his confession
Lewin and Kindelon came to this city and
with, the assistance of Ryan arrested
Rutherford that night as he was about to
leave on! his train. Graves was found in
the City and County Hospital: It is al
leged that after looting the car on August
15 Graves in jumping from if fell and
broke the bones of his left thumb. He
neglected to have the thumb attended to,
and now his left hand and arm are badly
swollen. A policeman is keeping a watch
on .him at the hospital. Carey has not
yet been arrested. .
ACCUSED MEN ARRESTED.
When Daugherty was arrested last
Thursday he made a written confession
implicating Rutherford, Graves and
Carey. Graves lived with Rutherford's
mother-in-law, and when looting was to
be done it is charged that Rutherford
would take Graves and Carey on his train
to do the work after the train left Sa
linas. Graves and Carey lived most of
the time at Daugherty' s house near Sa
linas.
It was also discovered that two cases of
toys consigned to the -California Notion
and Toy Company of this city, which had
been stolen from a car on July 15, had
been shipped from Salinas to" this city- the
following day and had been sold to the
Solomonson-Hartman-Solomon Company,
dealers in merchandise at 106 Third street.
They had been shipped as dry goods by
Graves,, under the name of Brown, to
Brown in San Fr.ancisco. The original
cases had been destroyed and the toys
packed into two cigar 'cases, stolen pre
viously. The two cases of toys were re
covered by Lewin, Klndelon and Ryan
last week in the basement of 1109 McAl
lister street, occupied by the Solomonson-
Hartman-Solomon Company.
STOLEN TOYS EECOVERED.
the value of the poods stolen since that
time will it is estimated run into thou
sands of dollars. It is believed to be the
same gang that stole the cigars that were
sold to Max Katzauer, a cigar dealer at
Third and Townsend streets, who is
awaiting trial in the Superior Court on a
charge of receiving stolen property.
Detective Lewin of the Southern Pacific
was detailed on the case about three
months aeo, and after working for some
time in the neighborhood of Salinas De
tective Patrick Kinde'.on of the Southern
Pacific and Sheriff Nesbitt .of Salinas
were called to assist. Detective Sergeant
T. L. Ryan of the local police department
was detailed to help in locating the local
members of the gang.
It was ascertained by the offlcres that
Daugherty had rented a house on the
Castroville road about a mile from Sali
nas in April last and that he acted as a
"fence" for the thieves. The last car that
was looted was on August 15. From it
were taken five cases of eggs, a box of
butter, a chest of tea, a bale of matting,
a center table, a desk, a box of books, a
draper, a box of personal effects and a
bundle of dry pelts. A visit was made
by the officers to the house occupied by
Daugherty last Thursday, and all of these
articles were recovered except the cases
of eggs and the box of butter. The eggs
had been sold to a Japanese in Salinas
and the j butter . had been destroyed.
Daugherty having been notified by some
one that the officers were to pay his place
a visit.
The final performances of Ringling
Bros.* attraction will take place in this
city this afternoon and evening, and at
midnight to-night the big tent will come
down and the aggregation will proceed to
Alameda, where two performances will
take place to-morrow. On Wednesday the
circus will be seen al San Jose.
Two vast audiences packed the tent of
Ringllng Bros.' circus yesterday afternoon
and evening, and hundreds of people were
unable to even secure admission at the
night presentation.
The splendid bill of entertainment de
lighted young and old alike, and the col
lection of wild animals had the usual
crowds of sightseers around the cag-es.
The three-day-old baby lions were the
center of attraction, and the addition to
the zoo proved a veritable drawing card.
The many thousands of visitors to the
circus in the past week have been unan
imous that the attraction is the best! of
Its kind ever seen on this coast, and the
vast sums of money taken in by the man
agement prove that the public has been
well satisfied.
Sunday Crowds Pill Big
Tent to Utmost
Capacity.
CIRCUS CLOSES
THIS EVENING
Two Suspects Who Are Implicated in Robberies
by Confession of W. H. Daugherty Are Held in
Custody by Police Pending Formal Charges
BRAKEMAN AND STEVEDORE
ACCUSED OF LOOTING CARS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, 1903.
10
DB.PIERCES
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DBSCOVERY
FOR THE
BLOOP«LIVER«LtlMCS>
ADVEETISEMENTS.
BO "3TOU WAHT
Wholesale or retail prices? If you want
to buy your groceries at wholesale prices,'
come to this big store. We are going to
give you an opportunity to buy a supply
at prices that will mean a great saving to
you. Sale begins at 8 o'clock this morninc.
Mall orders filled and ?li!p?cd promptly
and freight prepaid* 1'K) miles.
20 lbs. Spreckels' Cane Sugar $1.OO
I (On«-orders.) - .
2200 squares fine Creamery Butter, sq..4Oc
34 cases fancy fresh Ranch Eggs, doz..:tOc
400 boxes Uurbank Potatoes, box NOc
1000 4-lb. cans finest Mocha and Java
Coflec that' Is Imported, special, can. 75c
39 chests quality 80c teas; 1 Ib. 40c;
5 lbs JM.75
Fancy R»d Salmon, 4 cans :t5e
$1.25 Vanilla or Lemon .Extracts, bot.,
now ..<!5c
35c -Vanilla or Lemon Extracts,* bot., •
now ......;... 20c
Solid car Eastern Hams, "Ib:.... .... .l.">Hic
Solid car Eastern Lard, 3 lbs., *:t5o:
5 lbs. «5o: 10 lbs? #1 .20
15c Rice. (Stt.lba.,,5Oc; 14 lbs Sl.OO
10c Cracked Rice, 5 lbs.,' 25c; 23 lbs.JjSl.OO
Bayo lUans, « lbs.. 25c
Navy Beans, 6 lbs. 2."5e
Pink Beans, 7 lbs... ....25c
Boston Baked Beans, Tomato Sauce, can. 5c
20c can Peaches, now 3 cans ..23c
20c can. Pears, now 3 cans .....2oc
3 3-lb. -cans Tomatoes.'. 2.">c
It lbs. 1 German Prunes 25c
35c Jar Bayle's Mustard. 3 for... 25c
ft lbs. Rolled Oats or -Wheat. ......... 25c
3 solid cars best Flour, : 50 lbs., fl.lO;
100 Ibfv.*«2.1O; bbl..... *4.1O
30c whole canned Pineapple. .^Oc
3 20c cans Canned Corn, 3 for a,»c
Lea & Perrin's Sauce, qt. not. ...... ..75c
12 bars. Laundry Soap. . . .' -5e
Ollvo Oil . pure.- pts.,;IWSc;. 14 .gal- ••¥*—«>
Ghlrardelll p s 1-lb.; Chocolate,. i*>c; ,3_ •
lbs .-. .". .:.'.: ¦¦¦•¦ 7Oc
All canned Creams, 3 for......
3 sacks 5c Salt ..: '""lx c
65c gal. fancy Pears, now....... o()c
6 cans Baltimore Oysters **m.
Good Mountain Peas, 3 for. ....... .......e
Best Baking Powder,' lb.f -oc;'j lbs. «?._»(•
Cocoanut. Ib..' 25c; % Ib. . loc
Prices commencing to-day on Liquors are
one-half the price drug or liquor stores will
ask you. FAMILY LIQUORS. *"„„„_
The Favorite AA, qt. bot., «Oc; gal.J2.05
American Gold, qt. bot., 50c; gal...Jl.n5
Satin Gloss, qt. bot., 4Oc: gal....*l.S5
Silver Crescent, qt. bot., BOc; gal..*J.O|>
O. P. S.. qt. bot.. G5c : -gal ........ *J. JjS
College Club, qt. bot.. 50c; gal. . . .»-.uO
0-year-old McBrayer, qt. . bot., ««£:,
gal .- : ¦ ?•- — j
9-year-old Old Crow, qt. bot., «Oc; ¦¦¦;,
gal ' ... .".V • •"•*¦"• •"•••"••••• ? J-I«»
9-year-old- Hermitage, qt bot., «Oc^ _
$5 to $«* Rye or Bourbon, gal ...... f't.Ull
$1 50 Port or Sherry, qt..' 20c; gal.... 7.»c
$1 Claret, qt.. 1 5c ; gal i' >o «
$6 Rum. qt.. *1.OO : gal.... f*-\ U \
*4 Vermouth, qt., 5Oc; gal.. ..*-..OO
If *you < cannot : come ; to store. ' telephone
South 804 or drop us a postal, 1049 Market
at., bet. Sixth and Seventh, opp. Jones or
McAllister sts.. or Hlbemla Bank.
eoLDBtue
BQWEN
& CO
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
¦pedal
Tea— reg'ly 50c Ib 40c
All flavors-good ones too 2 lbs 75c
Kona coffee-reg'iy 25c ib 20c
Has strength and good flavor
Macaroni— reg'iy 15c ib 2 lbs 25c
Imported— also spaghetti— vermicelli
Sardines-French 2 for 25c
Lemoine— extra fine — reg'ly 15c can
Pine-apf3le— Hawaiian 2OC
Sliced— 2$ ib can — reg'ly 25c
Baked beans— Boston— iib'J 5c
Plain and with tomato 3 Ib IOC
catsup — reg'ly 4 and 2 for 25c
Vigor chocolate-tfra/f 55c
For good health— reg'ly 65c Ib
Borax SOap-Snoirflake j for 25c
White-clean-quick-reg'ly 5 cakes 25c
Baby Pim-01as-6ozj3for5oc
Olives with pimientos— reg'ly 20c bot
French peas— reg'ly 20c can 15c
Sweet — delicious — natural
LentilS-German 3^ lbs 25c
Large fresh ones— regMy 10c Ib
Fard dates— regMy t2*c ib 10c
The kind to stuff— 14 Ib box $125
Carmel soap 50c
Made of olive oil-reg'ly 6oc-box 6 cks
Julep straws— regMy 30c 25c
500 In bunch— sterilized —
best for bar and family use
Talcum powder 3 boxes 50c
With witch-hazel — regMy 2cc box
Cross babies become good-
natured babies when fed on
Mellin's Food. Mellin's Food
nourishes and pleases.
Would you like a sample of Mellin's Food
to try ? You may have one for the asking.
MELLIN'S FOOD CO.. BOSTON. MASS.
¦flHlEaBtf^ Ammunition. Huntli-j and
I 1 1 I fk* \* Sporting Goods. ilrsest
I m 9 ¦ KfM 8tock - lowest prices, aexxi
H I I § i W ¦ » for catalogue.
W I H %£ EHREVE & BARBER CO..
VJH Market «t. and 311
Kearny at.
1A/. T. HESS.
Wotary Public and Attcrney-at-Iiaw.
Tenth Floor, licom 1015, Claus Spreckels bldg.
Telephone MaJn 0S3.
Residence, 81*1 California at., below PowelL
lUsidence Telephone James 1301.
BQWEN
Curtain stretcher $i 50
Stationary pins— reg'ly ti
Hair brush— Loonen 50c
French bristles— reg'ly 65c
Comb— rubber 25c
A good one— reg'ly 35c
Jelly glasses— Kg'iy 3sc <ioz3oc
Fruit jars-tfoyaf-pts $i 40 $1 25
White square glass— qts I 65 I 50
Liquor department
Cocktails-^pmai 90c
Martini— Manhattan— gin— whisky —
Vermouth-Ota Tom gln-reg'ly #1 25
Whisky-B«« Dog $ Z
Bourbon— rye— reg'ly $1 25— full qt
Scotch and Irish whiskies
regly apeci&l
Highland Club —Scotch \ tr o_.
KOlycToy— Irish \* °5 C .
Caledonian— Scotch $1 35 $1 15
Highland Nectar — " I 50 I 2O
Claret Mt. Vineyard 40c
Table wine— reg'ly 50c gallon
Gin— Wynand Fockink $j 2$
. Stone jug or black bottle — reg'ly $1 50
Orange bitters— Field 96c;
The basis of a good cocktail —
regMy $1 bottle
432 Pine 232 Suttsr 2800 California .
San Francisco
Thirteenth and Clay Streets Oakland
/^K (PATENTED). fV^i
fj\SPEEROID /(|
yP EYEGLASSES <f\.
I I ire Scientific Creatioiu, /**..*J
f*Y Qi7ia K Perfect Vision. | |
M PRICES MODERATE. \J J
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
PBSSSC ANB SAXT MEATS ,
JAJ. DU1LJ Cl tU. Clay. TeL Mala 1284.
— — — _
LUBRICATING OILS: LEONARD A ELLI3.
418 Front at. S. F. Phone Main 17ia
FBin'no, ~~"
EC HUGHES. printer.
V. ULU11E3, zu Sansom* «t?. ». F.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
Silk Department
This week we will showf com-
plete lines of new goods in our
silk department, including taf-
fetas, crepe de chines, silk pop-
lins, peau de soies, velvets and
velveteens.
A Few Specials/
20-Inch BLACK TAFFETA SILK, Yeru Hew* (HialltU,
60c uarl
20-Inch BLACK PEAU DE SOIE, warranteljoure silk:
anl a venj lustrous finish 75c Bard
20-Inch COLORED PEAU DE SOIE In a full assort-
ment of the newest shales 85c uarl
24-lnch COLORED CREPE DE CHINE, all pTIPe SllK
anl Yeru high finish} 20 different shalesj, $1 uard
20-Inch POLKA DOT SILK POPLINS, in navij, hrown,
cardinal anl cream, with solid colored dots,
Sl.OO uard
21-Inch POLKA DOT TAFFETA LOUISINE, i|ln navu,
Drown, hlack and cardinal grounds, wi^th white
dots, latest goods for Fall costnmes, SI.^S uard
22-Inch METAL PRINT DOTTED VELVETEENS, In
hlack and white, navij and white, br^wn and
white and red and white, 1 extra gualltUi 7Sc uard
19-Inch OCOMO SILK LINING-a new material maie
expressly for us and sultahle for Inexpensive
silk lining. We have a full assortment or all
the leading shades, also Black, white and cream,
40c uard
— \ '¦'
NOTE— Samples or anu or the anoYe goods sent Tres
to anu address. /
111, 118, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
Showing the most exclusive — ¦
f ideas in Clothes that have been
brought out this season. Lower
« prices than ours mean lower
quality— higher prices than ours m^^li
mean exactly the same quality,
not better. Suits and Over- SgilB
coats in the fashions of the Wlwl
hour for Man, Boy and Child is Mm
what you &et at Brown's. U |i
It costs you nothing to look. B
It wall save you money to buy. 9
WHOLESALE Ml 1 T( {M A M R ETA 1LIN§
CLOTHIERS! ifiLIL 0 ! UAH DIRECT TO YOD,
96-51S114RKEI. Sl^MlCOW-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Before you go home
WTH the issuance of the October number, now on the
news-Sands, is answered squarely the question of
supremacy among the magazines for woman and home.
In your selection of a magazine you may choose from two
classes— those you need and those you read for recreation —
or else you take THE DELINEATOR and combine both.
If the word "necessary" is susceptible of a superlative, THE
DELINEATOR is beyond all question the "most necessary"
of all the magazines published for Woman.
Nine hundred thousand families proved this to be so last
month; and each month brings its new thousands of members
into the ever-growing DELINEATOR FAMILY.
Among the fashions it is the "most necessary" because it is
all the fashion magazines in one, with their mistakes eliminated
— their exaggerations corrected, and the really successful novel-
ties stamped with the seal of authoritative approval — for if it is
pictured in THE DELINEATOR it is "good form." It is
equally the "most necessary" in the Nursery, in the Sewing-
Room, in the Kitchen — throughout the whole house and out of
doors in city and in country.
THE PARTIAL LIST.; OF CONTENTS BELOW
can only hint at the interest underlying every line : „
The Evolution of a Club Woman, by Agnes Surbridge, begins in this number. It is
«a autobiography and is the predided success of the year. CJ J. C. Hemment, the
world-lamed earner* expert, begins one of the most remarkable series of photographic
articles ever presented. They relate to his personal adventures at home and in foreign
lands. <JThe Silent Partner, by Lynn Roby Meekins ; A Florida Cracker, by Virginia
Frazer Boyle, are prominent among the fiction features, while the departments are fuller
than usual of good things, with especial interest centring in the children's pages.
If the "most necessary" of the magazines for, Woman is that
one which helps most in every hour of "her" day and brings its
after-hour of fascinating leisure-rejading when the day is over,
then, surely. "JUST GET THE^DELINEATOR ." Of
your newsdealer or any Butterick agent at Fifteen Cents a
copy, or of the publishers, One Dollar for an entire year.
_ ' THE BUTTERICK PUBLISHING COMPANY. LTD.. 17 Wot 13th St.. Nevr Ycrk
. AD VSBTTR rc nuuTTZ.